In the absence of Bangladesh's opening bowler, Mortaza, Australia opened the innings with Andrew Symonds and Michael Bevan — giving the usual middle order batsmen time at the crease. The Symonds experiment did not last long, as he was dismissed by Hasibul Hossain for seven	seven	NUM	.	PUNCT	.
Its southern terminus is at an intersection with NY 383 in the village of Scottsville. The northern end of the highway is located at a junction with NY 104 in the town of Greece. NY 386 meets Interstate 490 (I 490) in Chili and NY 531	531	NUM	in	ADP	 in
The relationships within the Hydrobatinae are complex and uncertain, and it has been suggested that all the members of the subfamily could be subsumed into an enlarged Hydrobates. The storm petrel was first described from by Linnaeus in his Systema naturae in 1758 as Procellaria pelagica. It	It	PRON	was	AUX	 was
The building became premier office space in the center of the city, serving as the home of major law firms among other tenants. In 1953, steel and concrete pen houses were built at the back of the building to house air conditioning equipment. In July 1982	1982	NUM	,	PUNCT	,
BS I 75 turns northeasterly onto the two lane Easterday Avenue and runs to the east of the campus of Lake Superior State University, crossing the Edison Sault Power Canal. At Portage Avenue south of the Soo Locks., BS I 75 turns southeasterly to follow Portage	Portage	PROPN	Avenue	PROPN	 Avenue
By historical convention, a positive current is defined as having the same direction of flow as any positive charge it contains, or to flow from the most positive part of a circuit to the most negative part. Current defined in this manner is called conventional current.	.	PUNCT	The	DET	 The
The cameras used during the chariot race also presented problems. The 70 mm lenses had a minimum focusing distance of 50 feet (15 m), and the camera was mounted on a small Italian made car so the camera crew could keep in front of the chariots	chariots	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
Durian was introduced into Australia in the early 1960s and clonal material was first introduced in 1975. Over thirty clones of D. zibethinus and six Durio species have been subsequently introduced into Australia. China is the major importer, purchasing 65,000 tonnes in 1999, followed by Singapore	Singapore	PROPN	with	ADP	 with
After 1915, two 8.8 cm guns were removed and replaced by two 8.8 cm Flak guns, and between 1916 and 1917, the remaining twelve 8.8 cm casemated guns were removed. These anti aircraft guns fired a slightly lighter 21.2 lb shell at 2,510 ft / s	s	PROPN	(	PUNCT	 (
There, within one polymeric chain, all the halide atoms lie in one graphite like plane and form planar pentagons around the protactinium ions. The coordination 7 of protactinium originates from the 5 halide atoms and two bonds to protactinium atoms belonging to the nearby chains. These	These	PRON	compounds	VERB	 compounds
Even in Civil War days colored units carried colored noncommissioned officers... that most of these white noncommissioned officers view themselves in the light of the overseer of antebellum days is shown by their practice of carrying revolvers when they take details of men out to work. " Following	Following	VERB	the	DET	 the
As a result, the pair faced each other in a no countout, no disqualification, loser leaves WWE match at the Extreme Rules pay per view on 1 May, which Layla won, thus forcing McCool to retire from WWE. Layla announced that she had suffered	suffered	VERB	a	DET	 a
Hood's protection used both compound armour and nickel steel armour. Her waterline main belt ranged in thickness between 14 to 18 inches (356 to 457 mm) thick. It covered the middle 250 feet (76.2 m) of the ship and was 8.5 feet (	(	PUNCT	2.6	NUM	2.6
E ZPass, a form of electronic toll collection, is accepted at all toll plazas. During the 1930s the Pennsylvania Turnpike was designed to improve automobile transportation across the mountains of Pennsylvania, using seven tunnels built for the abandoned South Pennsylvania Railroad in the 1880s. The	The	DET	road	NOUN	 road
On 12 August, Russian President Dmitry Medvedev announced that he had ordered the cessation of the " peace enforcement " operation in Georgia. " The operation has achieved its goal, security for peacekeepers and civilians has been restored. The aggressor was punished, suffering huge losses	losses	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
Parliament at least wanted to know which sins in particular were grave enough to trigger excommunication by the church; the Assembly was reticent to provide such information, as the majority considered the power of the church in this area to be absolute. In May 1645, Parliament	Parliament	PROPN	passed	VERB	 passed
The Marsh Tacky exhibits a four beat ambling gait, most similar to the marcha batida of the Brazilian Mangalarga Marchador, another breed with Spanish heritage, although also compared to the fox trot of the Missouri Fox Trotter. However, the Marsh Tacky's gait shows a	a	DET	period	NOUN	 period
In this area, the road curves due east, crosses the Metra Union Pacific / Northwest Line tracks near the station, then briefly heads north before turning once more to the northwest. Immediately after doing so, it passes a signalized intersection with IL 47 (Seminary	Seminary	PROPN	Avenue	PROPN	 Avenue
German U boats typically returned to Pola only for repairs. On 17 August, Steinbauer and UB 47 achieved their first success when they sank the Italian steamer Stampalia south of Cape Matapan. Although Italy and Germany would not formally be at war for another ten days,	,	PUNCT	German	ADJ	 German
The scheme was further expanded by the construction of the Upper Roddlesworth Reservoir in 1867 – 75 by Thomas Duncan and Joseph Jackson. Yarrow Reservoir, on which work began in 1867, was designed by Thomas Duncan, the Liverpool Borough Engineer. In 1900 Liverpool Corporation attempted	attempted	VERB	to	PART	 to
Circulation for comic books in general and Batman merchandise in particular soared. Other masked or superpowered adventurers appeared on the television screen, so that " American TV in the winter of 1967 appeared to consist of little else but live action and animated cartoon comic book heroes,	,	PUNCT	all	PRON	 all
Admiral Churchill retired, and Anne appointed the moderate Tory Lord Pembroke to lead the Admiralty, instead of a Whig. The Junto Whigs Somers and Wharton, however, were appointed to the Cabinet in Pembroke's vacated posts of Lord President of the Council and Lord Lieutenant	Lieutenant	PROPN	of	ADP	 of
There was also the development of private tuition in the families of lords and wealthy burghers. The growing emphasis on education cumulated with the passing of the Education Act 1496, which decreed that all sons of barons and freeholders of substance should attend grammar schools to learn "	"	PUNCT	perfyct	PROPN	 perfyct
Until the early twentieth century, readers reacted to " Ulysses " sympathetically. The meaning of the poem was increasingly debated as Tennyson's stature rose. After Paull F. Baum criticized Ulysses ' inconsistencies and Tennyson's conception of the poem in 1948, the ironic interpretation became	became	VERB	dominant	ADJ	 dominant
Cardiff, on the lookout for aircraft flying supplies to the Argentine forces occupying the Falkland Islands, had misidentified the helicopter as an enemy C 130 Hercules. Although the helicopter's loss was initially blamed on enemy action, a subsequent inquiry found Cardiff's missiles to be	be	AUX	the	DET	 the
The authority of these teams are based on the members position on the company's or institution's organizational chart. These management teams are constructed of managers from different divisions (e.g. Vice President of Marketing, Assistant Director of Operations). An example of management teams are	are	AUX	executive	ADJ	 executive
One of the main reasons Naughty Dog chose to develop Crash Bandicoot (at the time jokingly codenamed " Sonic's Ass Game ") for the Sony PlayStation was Sony's lack of an existing mascot character that could compete with Sega's Sonic the Hedgehog and Nintendo's	's	PART	Mario	PROPN	 Mario
The re staging was regarded as radical, but when Goffin took fright at the storm of controversy, Carte told him, " I don't care what they say about the production. I should care if they said nothing. " On 3 September 1939, at	at	ADP	the	DET	 the
The timing was intended to emphasise the sacrifices Rhodesia had made for Britain in wartime. As Ken Flower later said, " the rebellion was made to appear as though it was not a rebellion ". Smith and his ministers still pledged allegiance to Queen Elizabeth II,	,	PUNCT	whose	DET	 whose
The magnificent response of his unit to this willing and cheerful sacrifice, made with full knowledge of its certain cost, is history. The success of this phase of the campaign is in large measure due to Maj. Gen. Dean's heroic leadership, courageous and loyal	loyal	ADJ	devotion	NOUN	 devotion
The citizens of London feared the city being plundered and enthusiastically welcomed York's son Edward, Earl of March. Margaret's defeat at the Battle of Towton confirmed Edward's position and he was crowned. Disaffected with Edward's marriage to Elizabeth Woodville and preferment of her	her	PRON	formerly	ADV	 formerly
In a 1990 morphological phylogenetic study, Kiyonori Nishida concluded that the deepwater stingray and the sixgill stingray (Hexatrygon bickelli) were the most basal stingrays (suborder Myliobatoidei). Therefore, he moved this species to its own genus, Plesiobatis, and family, Plesiobatidae;	;	PUNCT	the	DET	 the
The old Erie main line through Passaic was abandoned at a ceremony on April 2, 1963, when service was terminated and service. Trains were re routed via a " new " main line, using the Boonton Branch from Kingsland to Athenia. The remainder of the	the	DET	Boonton	PROPN	 Boonton
Hibbs alleviated Rockwell's thematic concern; he explained that the illustrations only needed to address the same topic rather than be in unison. Hibbs pressured Rockwell into completing his work by warning him that the magazine was on the verge of being compelled by the government to place	place	VERB	restrictions	NOUN	 restrictions
The crew is cured of the ailment, and Picard partially credits Wesley for helping to prevent a disaster. Star Trek: The Next Generation's creator, Gene Roddenberry, wanted to include an episode revealing the characters ' motivations to the audience early on in the series	series	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
Flandez wrote that it was a " heart rending love song that becomes a homage of the 48 year old fallen star ", and " brought goosebumps "; the shot near the end, " of Mercedes dressed in a sweetheart gown, standing alone, reaching for	for	ADP	the	DET	 the
" After film director John Badham learned that Ross was going to play the part of Dorothy, he decided not to direct the film, and Cohen replaced him with Sidney Lumet. Of his decision not to direct The Wiz, John Badham recalled telling Cohen that he	he	PRON	thought	VERB	 thought
In 1990, Roberts secured the financial support of the Marlboro cigarette company, and his team became the official Yamaha factory racing team. Rainey and John Kocinski won the 500 cc and 250 cc world championships in 1990, making Roberts the most successful team manager in Grand	Grand	PROPN	Prix	PROPN	 Prix
Matthews describes the conclusion of the work as " a great wave of benediction [which] recalls the end of the Sinfonia da Requiem, and its similar ebbing away into the sea that symbolises both reconciliation and death. " Other works for voices and orchestra include the	the	DET	Missa	PROPN	 Missa
Gulab takes Luttrell into his care, returning to his village, where he attempts to hide Luttrell in his home. Gulab then sends a mountain man to the nearest American air base to alert military forces of Luttrell's location. The Taliban fighters arrive at the village	village	NOUN	to	PART	 to
One of the earliest water projects in the Colorado River basin was the Grand Ditch, a 16 mile (26 km) diversion canal that sends water from the Never Summer Mountains, which would naturally have drained into the headwaters of the Colorado River, to bolster supplies	supplies	NOUN	in	ADP	 in
Peggy considered leaving when her sons, Phil and Grant (Ross Kemp) were teenagers, and once even tried to seduce Johnny Allen, but he turned her down. Eric cheated on Peggy with Claudette Hubbard (Ellen Thomas), who he also intended to run	run	VERB	away	ADV	 away
The case was presided over by ICJ Vice President Judge Awn Shawkat Al Khasawneh, alongside 13 other judges and two ad hoc judges appointed by the two countries. The judges were Raymond Ranjeva from Madagascar, Shi Jiuyong from the People's Republic of China, Abdul G.	G.	PROPN	Koroma	PROPN	 Koroma
Three of his first class games were internationals against Argentina on the MCC " representative " tour of South America in 1926 – 27. Dunglass began serving in the Territorial Army when in 1924 he was commissioned a Lieutenant in the Lanarkshire Yeomanry, then promoted Captain in 1928	1928	NUM	,	PUNCT	,
The Airbus A330 900neo is to burn 14% less fuel than A330 300 on per seat basis (on a 4,000 nmi flight) and will have 10 more seats (310 seats overall) achieved with an interior reconfiguration to save space. Like the 800neo, it	it	PRON	will	AUX	 will
On August 23, 1976, Michael J. Bacsik held Aaron to a single and a fly out to right field. The younger Bacsik commented later, " If my dad had been gracious enough to let Hank Aaron hit a home run, we both would have given	given	VERB	up	ADP	 up
Although it was greatly cut for syndication, Bacheller attested to its causing a stir, saying " its quality [was] immediately felt and recognized. " The lead editorial in the Philadelphia Press of December 7 said that Crane " is a new name now and unknown	unknown	ADJ	,	PUNCT	,
The organization supports women wishing to leave the industry, but does not try to persuade them to do so. The group does not focus upon conversion but rather on communicating its message that Christians exist who are not judging female sex workers and are willing to accept them	them	PRON	.	PUNCT	.
Passages creating such an effect appear frequently in the last sonatas, mainly in the first and second movements. Two harmonic devices are employed in the sonatas to create this effect: Tonal detachment of passages or complete movements from their home key surroundings. These passages are often	often	ADV	introduced	VERB	 introduced
In 1965, San Diego State began offering a doctorate in chemistry in a joint effort with University of California, San Diego. By 1991, the campus had eight different doctorate programs. Research became a vital practice of the faculty during the 1960s. By 1965,	,	PUNCT	more	ADJ	 more
During the scrimmage, Ron McDole fell on Kemp's right knee and injured it, forcing Kemp to sit out the entire 1968 season. The Bills went 1 – 12 – 1 without Kemp. Despite Kemp's return from injury and the arrival of running back O.	O.	PROPN	J.	PROPN	 J.
The general wrote to Custis, " It is much to be wished that a remedy could be applied to the depreciation of our Currency... I know of no person better qualified to do this than Colonel Mason ". Mason retained his interest in western affairs, hoping	hoping	VERB	in	ADP	 in
Atwood, 17 years old at the time, was charged with murdering his wife, Ada, then 15. The Chicago Tribune called the events " a thrilling tragedy enacted in the little town of DeKalb, in the county of DeKalb. " Prominent DeKalb resident Jacob	Jacob	PROPN	Haish	PROPN	 Haish
Educational Pictures had more than 2,000 negatives and prints destroyed, including the negatives of Buster Keaton's silent films with the company. Also present was the original negative of D. W. Griffith's Way Down East (which Fox had purchased with the intent of remaking),	,	PUNCT	the	DET	 the
In the kidnap sequence, Tremble's death is also very abruptly inserted; it consists of pre existing footage of Tremble being rescued by Vesper, followed by a later filmed shot of her abruptly deciding to shoot him, followed by a freeze frame over some of the	the	DET	previous	ADJ	 previous
The central region of the Homunculus contains a smaller Little Homunculus from the 1890 eruption, a butterfly of separate clumps and filaments from the two eruptions, and an elongated stellar wind region. Several X ray and gamma ray sources have been detected around Eta Carinae, for	for	ADP	example	NOUN	 example
The rule has been regarded as " obscure ", " bizarre ", and " quirky ". A unique set of circumstances is required for a fair catch kick to be a viable option. For one, the fair catch would need to be made at a	a	DET	point	NOUN	 point
Loxton ended with 3 / 55 from 26 overs, the second best economy rate among the Australians. On the third morning, Loxton came to the crease to join Harvey with the score at 4 / 189. Australia had been in trouble after losing two quick wickets	wickets	NOUN	to	PART	 to
J.M. Breiwick estimated that the " exploitable " (above the legal size limit of 50 ft) component of the Nova Scotia population was 1,500 to 1,600 animals in 1964, reduced to only about 325 in 1973. Two aerial surveys in Canadian waters since the early 1970s	1970s	NOUN	gave	VERB	 gave
She was nominated by the London Film Critics ' Circle, the Phoenix Film Critics Society. Johansson was invited to join the Academy of Motion Picture Arts and Sciences in June 2004. The same year, she had voice or onscreen roles in five films: The SpongeBob	SpongeBob	PROPN	SquarePants	PROPN	 SquarePants
The entire campaign spent more than a year in development, producing artwork, videos, DLC, printed advertisements, billboards, and events, and was estimated to have cost at least $10 million. A six issue, limited monthly comic series, also titled Batman	Batman	PROPN	:	PUNCT	:
The most common system of keys was named the Boehm system by its designer Hyacinthe Klosé in honour of flute designer Theobald Boehm, but it is not the same as the Boehm system used on flutes. The other main system of keys is called the Oehler system and	and	CCONJ	is	AUX	 is
Their Health Check and Action Plan identified " economic, transport & accessibility, environmental and social strengths and weaknesses " of Poulton. The study noted that the town has no cinemas, theatres, museums or galleries and that there was popular demand for a cinema, a	a	DET	weekly	ADJ	 weekly
Additionally, because his Arabians were not shipped via Britain, they were not certified by the United Kingdom's Jockey Club before arriving in America, and without that authentication, the American Jockey Club refused to register his imported horses. Another factor may have influenced the organization	organization	NOUN	's	PART	's
In 1982 the first colour images of the surface were obtained with the Soviet Venera 13 and 14 landers. NASA obtained additional data in 1978 with the Pioneer Venus project that consisted of two separate missions: Pioneer Venus Orbiter and Pioneer Venus Multiprobe. The successful Soviet Venera	Venera	PROPN	program	NOUN	 program
Also, sustainable best practices can involve the recycling of materials, such as the use of recycled plastics for lumber where deforestation has devastated a country's timber base. Another example of sustainable practices in poverty alleviation is the use of exported recycled materials from developed to developing	developing	VERB	countries	NOUN	 countries
He graduated from Harvard University with a Ph.D. in political science in 1993 after earning a B.A. from Yale University. He worked as the managing editor of Foreign Affairs magazine before accepting the editor position at Newsweek. Labeled a liberal hawk, Zakaria's political views have shifted	shifted	VERB	from	ADP	 from
Brett Ratner turned down the option in favor of The Family Man. Simon West and Stephen Norrington were reportedly top contenders as well. In June 1999, William Wisher, Jr. was hired to write a new script, and Cage assisted on story elements. Cage dropped	dropped	VERB	out	ADP	 out
All of the defendants, except Drakula were tried in absentia. Drakula was acquitted, while Dusper, Tomić and Bajić were convicted and sentenced to 20 years in prison each while the remaining defendants were sentenced to 15 years. The rulings were upheld by the Supreme Court	Court	PROPN	of	ADP	 of
According to Nielsen Media Research, the episode was seen by 3.24 million viewers. After the episode aired, Kim, Kourtney and Khloé Kardashian praised their portrayal and on screen deaths. The students at South Park Elementary are assigned to read The Catcher in the Rye,	,	PUNCT	and	CCONJ	 and
F Zero GX runs on an enhanced version of the engine used in Super Monkey Ball. In early March 2003, according to the official Nintendo website, F Zero was delayed by two months. Via a live video conference call from Japan on July 7, 2003	2003	NUM	,	PUNCT	,
Whitman gave Stafford a ring, which was returned and re given over the course of a stormy relationship lasting several years. Of that ring, Stafford wrote to Whitman, " You know when you put it on there was but one thing to part it from me	me	PRON	,	PUNCT	,
The closing cast included Jennifer DiNoia as Elphaba, Chandra Lee Schwartz as Glinda, Nick Adams as Fiyero, Kim Zimmer as Madam Morrible, Tim Kazurinsky as The Wizard, Jenny Florkowski as Nessarose, Tom Flynn as Doctor Dillamond and Etai Benson as Boq. While the	the	DET	original	ADJ	 original
The series explores several themes in its narrative, in particular LGBT themes. Various characters are portrayed as sexually fluid; through those characters, the series examines homosexual and bisexual relationships. Although the nature of their sexual flexibility is not explicitly discussed, the characters offer varying	varying	VERB	perspectives	NOUN	 perspectives
Brian then assures her that the answers are inside herself, and the real meaning of their existence is out there somewhere. Afterward, it is revealed that the entire Family Guy universe takes place within the molecules of a lampshade in the shared bedroom of Adam West and	and	CCONJ	Rob	PROPN	 Rob
The adult male has glossy black plumage, blackish brown legs, a yellow eye ring and an orange yellow bill. The bill darkens somewhat in winter. The adult female is sooty brown with a dull yellowish brownish bill, a brownish white throat and some weak mottling	mottling	NOUN	on	ADP	 on
He graduated as a lieutenant on 9 December 1930, and the following day enlisted in the RAAF. As well as the four graduates the Air Force had enrolled in 1927, budgetary constraints imposed during the Great Depression necessitated the transfer from Duntroon to Point Cook of eight	eight	NUM	other	ADJ	 other
The Grecian government made an offer for the original purchase price plus an additional £50,000, but as the Greeks worked to obtain an initial installment, the Ottoman government was also making offers. The Brazilian government rejected an Ottoman proposal to swap ships, with Brazil's	's	PART	Rio	PROPN	 Rio
Film noir is often described as essentially pessimistic. The noir stories that are regarded as most characteristic tell of people trapped in unwanted situations (which, in general, they did not cause but are responsible for exacerbating), striving against random, uncaring fate, and	and	CCONJ	frequently	ADV	 frequently
Hal Hinson of The Washington Post described Belle as a " compelling " character who is " more mature, more womanly and less blandly asexual " than Ariel, as well as " a more worldly girl ", describing her as " a bookworm, with gumption and	and	CCONJ	a	DET	 a
There were also other venerated holidays, such as the Qingming Festival, as it was supposedly this period of the year that was depicted in the artwork (mentioned above) by the artist Zhang Zeduan (although some would argue the painting actually represented the time of autumn	autumn	NOUN	in	ADP	 in
During that span, the team had three head coaches (including future hall of famer Lenny Wilkens); team executive Stu Inman also served as coach. The team won the first pick in the NBA draft twice during that span. In 1972, the team drafted	drafted	VERB	LaRue	PROPN	 LaRue
On 26 January 2006, " Wish You Well " was voted No. 1 for the Triple J Hottest 100, 2005. Following " Watch Over Me ", Fanning digitally released a fourth single " Weekend of Mystery ", which was not officially on the album	album	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
Although it is a significant occupational health issue, work related pesticide poisoning is believed to be underreported. Before the SENSOR program began, state programs that collected reports of occupational diseases did not usually conduct interventions. While over 25 states required reporting of pesticide related illness,	,	PUNCT	most	ADJ	 most
The team created the top down portions to allow Jason to shoot in all directions and to enable them to " express large bosses that really had an impact ". They did not want to design the gameplay in a linear progression; instead they drew inspiration from and	and	CCONJ	were	AUX	 were
In November 1919, the CLR published a new bill to revive the Richmond extension, but using a different route that required only a short section of new tunnel construction. The new proposal was to construct tunnels southwards from Shepherd's Bush station, which would come to	to	ADP	the	DET	 the
Watterson describes her as " an unhappy person " due to her belief in the value of education. Mr. Spittle is the school principal to whose office Miss Wormwood threatens to send Calvin for his pranks. Susie also occasionally accompanies Calvin to the principal's office. Though	Though	SCONJ	his	PRON	 his
Common thermal mass materials include stone, cement and water. Historically they have been used in arid climates or warm temperate regions to keep buildings cool by absorbing solar energy during the day and radiating stored heat to the cooler atmosphere at night. However, they can be	be	AUX	used	VERB	 used
Thus, when in AD 13, the powers held by Tiberius were made equal, rather than second, to Augustus's own powers, he was for all intents and purposes a " co princeps " with Augustus, and in the event of the latter's passing	passing	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
His first musical composition for a movie trailer was for the film The Full Monty; he worked on this piece with friend Mark Griskey who was a fellow composer at X Ray Dog. Field explained his thought process on the film trailer: " A trailer, is	is	AUX	like	ADP	 like
It was the first tropical cyclone to threaten the New Orleans area since Hurricane Katrina and the destructive 2005 hurricane season. Overall impact from the cyclone was minor and largely limited to light rainfall. However, the precursor system spawned a damaging tornado in Eustis, Florida,	,	PUNCT	where	SCONJ	 where
Murtagh and O'Brien characterised the performance as typifying " the end of a long, hard season " and Duke of Marmalade's retirement was announced immediately.. In November 2008, Duke of Marmalade was named European Champion Older Horse at the Cartier Racing Awards. In the World	World	PROPN	Thoroughbred	PROPN	 Thoroughbred
From the outset, Rome's military typified this pattern and the majority of Rome's wars were characterized by one of two types. The first is the foreign war, normally begun as a counter offensive or defense of an ally. The second is the civil war	war	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
Chuck D later said of its sampling issues, " We got sued for everything. We knew that the door on sampling was gonna close ". Subsequent use of sampled material, particularly the use of whole songs on top of a beat, by other hip	hip	NOUN	hop	NOUN	 hop
Similarly hundreds of city names are woven into " Haveth Childers Everywhere ", the corresponding passage at the end of III.3 which focuses on HCE. As a result, it is generally contended that HCE personifies the Viking founded city of Dublin, and his wife ALP personifies	personifies	VERB	the	DET	 the
Initially, Arjun is reluctant to take trip as he does not want to lose his pay for missing work. It is later revealed that Arjun's former girlfriend left him due to his workaholism and his obsession with money. Imran has an additional personal agenda on the	the	DET	trip	NOUN	 trip
Spanish Civil War Timeline Spain in Revolt, newsreel documentary (Video Stream) (Part 1, 2) Imperial War Museum Collection of Spanish Civil War Posters hosted online by Visual Arts Data Service (VADS) Posters of the Spanish Civil War from UCSD's Southworth collection	collection	NOUN	Civil	PROPN	 Civil
The fourth track " Clean, Clean " was released as the third single from the album, while " Elstree " was the album's fourth and final single. All of the singles had chart success in the UK, with " The Plastic Age " and "	"	PUNCT	Clean	ADJ	 Clean
The major breakthrough in the band's career came in their collaboration with producer " Mutt " Lange on the album Highway to Hell, released in 1979. Eddie Van Halen notes this to be his favourite AC / DC record, along with Powerage. It became the	the	DET	first	ADJ	 first
Louis summoned the Polish prelates and lords to Kassa (now Košice in Slovakia) in September 1379, persuading them to acknowledge Mary's right to succeed him in Poland. The contemporaneous Jan of Czarnków, who was biased against Louis, recorded that the Poles yielded to	to	ADP	the	DET	 the
Coates reached his peak at the 1976 games in Innsbruck. He competed in five events, and apart from a 25th place finish in the 500 m event, did no worse than 11th in the remaining four. He came sixth in the 10,000 m, eighth in	in	ADP	the	DET	 the
This victory made Tech the 10 – 0 undefeated national champion of 1928. Coach Alexander found campus spirit to be particularly low following the Great Depression. His successful football program (and the other athletic teams) had very few student fans attending the games. He helped	helped	VERB	to	PART	 to
She is the eldest of three children, with her father working as a jeepney driver and her mother as a laundry washer or " labandera " (hired to wash other people's clothes). She has Indian blood among her ancestors. At the time of the	the	DET	Binibining	PROPN	 Binibining
He was Horatius on the tottering bridge; Hector, who alone stood between Troy and destruction. He was born to rescue. But he is more dangerous than those who are stubborn or grim. He has something of D ' Artagnan in him; there is a	a	DET	gaiety	NOUN	 gaiety
He first met Jekyll in 1875 — they were in accord in their design principles and maintained a close friendship and professional association for over 50 years. He helped her on her garden at Munstead Wood; she provided plants for his garden at Gravetye Manor. Jekyll wrote	wrote	VERB	about	ADP	 about
Then he jumped. ” Chappuis was rescued by an Italian partisan, Aldo Comucci, a 21 year old who was in charge of one of the many underground groups operating in the area. Comucci and his band of resistance fighters got to Chappuis before the Germans and	and	CCONJ	hid	VERB	 hid
In the 1880s, long after the members of The Five had gone their separate ways, another group called the Belyayev circle took up where they left off. Tchaikovsky enjoyed close relations with the leading members of this group — Alexander Glazunov, Anatoly Lyadov and, by	by	ADP	then	ADV	 then
In Cuba, impacts were minimal. The cyclone produced sustained winds up to 43 mph (69 km / h) and pressures as low as 1,004 mb (29.65 inHg) in the Bahamas. In South Florida, the cyclone did not produce tropical storm force winds	winds	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
The following week, however, Mysterio was removed from the elimination match, as Long booked Mysterio in a Fatal Four Way match for the WWE Cruiserweight Championship. Guerrero was given a week to choose a member for his team at Survivor Series. On the November 11	11	NUM	episode	NOUN	 episode
In June 1853, John Wesley Hillman became the first non Native American explorer to report sighting the lake he named the " Deep Blue Lake. " The lake was renamed at least three times, as Blue Lake, Lake Majesty, and finally Crater Lake. The	The	DET	lake	NOUN	 lake
The future Avatar then uses the power gathered for Grima's resurrection to restore its dragon form. In a race against time, Chrom performs the Awakening and summons Naga. Although Chrom now has the power to stop Grima, Naga reveals that she only has enough power	power	NOUN	to	PART	 to
The third phase was to be conducted by the 161st Brigade (less one battalion) and the 163rd Brigade (54th Division) against Gaza's south western defences, while the fourth phase by the 162nd Brigade was to capture Gun Hill and Sheikh Hasan 3,500 yards (	(	PUNCT	3,200	NUM	3,200
" Boston style songwriting tends to be more about lyric than melody, is intimate and thoughtful but also relevant, often addressing social issues. Boston style songwriting does not only refer to Boston musicians, but includes national artists such as Shawn Colvin, John Gorka, Susan	Susan	PROPN	Werner	PROPN	 Werner
On the first play of the quarter, Tech quarterback Al Clark was sacked by Brian Simmons, and this time he fumbled the ball. The loose ball was picked up in the end zone by Carolina defender Greg Ellis for the Tar Heels ' third touchdown of the	the	DET	game	NOUN	 game
Like the previous battle at Ad Decimum, it is again notable that Belisarius failed to keep his forces together, and was forced to fight with a considerable numerical disadvantage. The dispersal of his army after the battle, looting heedlessly and leaving themselves vulnerable to a potential	potential	ADJ	Vandal	ADJ	 Vandal
In support of Dystopia, Megadeth embarked on a North American tour in February and March with Suicidal Tendencies, Children of Bodom and Havok. Menza died from a heart attack in May while performing with OHM at a jazz club in Los Angeles. Mustaine announced that Adler	Adler	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
Exportation of merinos without royal permission was also a punishable offense, thus ensuring a near absolute monopoly on the breed until the mid 18th century. After the breaking of the export ban, fine wool sheep began to be distributed worldwide. The export to Rambouillet by Louis	Louis	PROPN	XVI	PROPN	 XVI
He spoke in favor of fathers ' arranging their daughters ' marriages and told women to embody submission by serving their husbands as God. Polygamy or serial monogamy were allowed, and legal marriage was discouraged. Clarence 13X encouraged his followers to have many children and discouraged the	the	DET	use	NOUN	 use
A 1956 Scrooge McDuck comic by Carl Barks, Land Beneath the Ground!, introduced Terries and Fermies (a play on the phrase terra firma), creatures who move from place to place by rolling. The Terries and Fermies have made a sport of their rolling	rolling	VERB	abilities	NOUN	 abilities
He amasses a number of survival skills including lock picking, self defense, and pickpocketing. Much of this he learns from older versions of himself. Once their timelines converge " naturally " at the library — their first meeting in his chronology — Henry starts to travel	travel	VERB	to	ADP	 to
To ensure that physical fitness was maintained there were frequent games of football in the half light outside the hut; Scott recorded that " Atkinson is by far the best player, but Hooper, P.O. Evans and Crean are also quite good. " The South Polar Times	Times	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
The score was recorded at Warner Bros. Scoring studios in Burbank, California. Williams was nominated for two Academy Awards in 1978, one for his score to Star Wars and one for his score to Close Encounters. He won for Star Wars, though he later won	won	VERB	two	NUM	 two
Other aspects of O 2 are covered in the remainder of this article. Trioxygen (O 3) is usually known as ozone and is a very reactive allotrope of oxygen that is damaging to lung tissue. Ozone is produced in the upper atmosphere when O 2 combines	combines	VERB	with	ADP	 with
The secondary armament consisted of 14 Elswick Ordnance Company " Pattern Z " quick firing (QF), 6 inch (152 mm) guns. Only four of these guns were not mounted in armored casemates on the main and upper decks and their mounts on the upper	upper	ADJ	deck	NOUN	 deck
He proved a critical favorite, with commentators doting on him praise normally accorded to popular ballet dancers. That August, the Theatrical Times wrote, " The performances of this young man are far above the common performances of the mountebanks who give imitations of American and Negro	Negro	PROPN	character	NOUN	 character
Instead, the chunks of spalled ore were mechanically stamped to fine grains, and washed into a series of collecting pits to separate the coarse ' rough ' from the fine ' slimes '. The resulting rough and slimes were separated out on large wooden frames ('	'	PUNCT	buddling	VERB	 buddling
... What I need to know is, what is he running for? " Sestak insisted he would not make a final decision for several months. On May 4, he met with Andy Stern, president of the Service Employees International Union, which fueled speculation that	that	SCONJ	he	PRON	 he
For example, loanwords in Huave having " diaphonic identification " with Spanish include àsét (' oil ', from Spanish aceite) and kàwíy (' horse ', from Spanish caballo). This perception of sameness with native phonology means that speakers of the borrower language	language	NOUN	(	PUNCT	 (
Montgomery believed that they should attack during a stormy night, therefore the British would not be able to see them. On December 27, the weather became stormy, and Montgomery ordered that the men prepare to attack. However, the storm soon subsided and Montgomery called	called	VERB	off	ADP	 off
Andrews was not reappointed as commander of General Headquarters Air Force when his term expired on 1 March 1939. Exactly as happened with Billy Mitchell, he was returned in rank to colonel (his permanent establishment rank) and assigned as air officer of the Eighth Corps Area	Area	PROPN	in	ADP	 in
The production returned to Wilmington in mid October for additional filming. On November 1, scenes were shot at the Vizcaya Museum and Gardens. Filming in the United States wrapped on November 7 in Wilmington. Filming began in Beijing, China on December 10. Filming was	was	AUX	scheduled	VERB	 scheduled
The first experiment entailed fitting a Worthington feed pump to No. A819 in 1924. The trial was moderately successful, and the pump remained in use until removal in 1927. In June 1930, No. A816 was withdrawn from service for the application of experimental Anderson	Anderson	PROPN	steam	NOUN	 steam
He is openly antagonistic toward religion. Gina Torres as Zoe Alleyne Washburne — second in command onboard Serenity, a loyal wartime friend of Captain Reynolds, and the wife of Wash. Her surname during the Unification War was Alleyne. She was born and raised on a ship	ship	NOUN	and	CCONJ	 and
Sega released a sequel in March 2009, Sonic and the Black Knight; the two form what is known as the Storybook series. Sonic and the Secret Rings was de listed in 2010, due to Sega's decision to remove all Sonic titles with sub average Metacritic	Metacritic	ADJ	scores	NOUN	 scores
What is an adjutant, other than a young officer who transmits orders, and even messages, he receives from his chief? " He concluded: " Thus the title of adjutant can not encumber an officer who supervises the armada's discipline and answers for it "	"	PUNCT	.	PUNCT	.
The spring 2014 SNI count was 68 sea otters, continuing a 5 year positive trend of over 16% per year. When the FWS implemented the translocation program, it also attempted to implement " zonal management " of the Californian population. To manage the competition between	between	ADP	sea	NOUN	 sea
The last fighter delivery took place on 23 April 1945. It was also on this day that the final Croatian kills were scored when an ex HZL 16 kill ace and his wingman claimed two RAF P 51 Mustangs shot down in their Bf 109Gs, one of which	which	PRON	was	AUX	 was
Sestak claimed that was because he was serving in the military and wished to be nonpartisan, but Specter called that a " lame excuse for avoiding party affiliation... undercut by his documented disinterest in the political process ", pointing out that records indicated Sestak voted in only	only	ADV	12	NUM	 12
Japanese troops were able to seize 203 Hill which overlooked the harbor on 5 December. This allowed the Imperial Japanese Army's 28 centimeter (11 in) siege guns to fire directly at the Russian ships; they hit Pobeda approximately 30 times and sank her in shallow	shallow	ADJ	water	NOUN	 water
For example, a kosher lubricating oil may be replaced by one containing tallow, which many rabbinic authorities view as non kosher. Such changes are often co ordinated with the supervising rabbi, or supervising organisation, to ensure that new packaging does not suggest any hechsher or	or	CCONJ	kashrut	NOUN	 kashrut
The lake is annually stocked with bluegill, catfish, and bass. Aside from the reservoir, there is no body of water in the watershed that is navigable. There are several other parks in the watershed; these are Crown Valley Park, Sulphur Creek Park,	,	PUNCT	and	CCONJ	 and
In 1870 – 72 the Imperial Gazetteer of England and Wales by John Marius Wilson described Bentworth as... a village and parish in Alton district, Hants. The village stands 3 ½ miles WNW of Alton r. station, and had a post office under Alton. The	The	DET	parish	NOUN	 parish
In 1969, The Beast became the first holder of the IW North American Heavyweight Championship. On August 5, he gained a second title when he teamed with his brother Rudy Kay to defeat The Fabulous Kangaroos (Al Costello and Don Kent) to win the ESA	ESA	PROPN	International	PROPN	 International
Thompson received the Best Adapted Screenplay, becoming the only person to have won Academy Awards for both acting and screenwriting. Sense and Sensibility contributed to a resurgence in popularity for Austen's works, and has led to many more productions in similar genres. It persists in	in	ADP	being	AUX	 being
" He argued that the general details provided in this case's 911 call were unreliable, because " everyone in the world who saw the car would have that knowledge, and anyone who wanted the car stopped would have to provide that information. " Likewise, Justice	Justice	PROPN	Scalia	PROPN	 Scalia
Part of the debt was paid off by the SPD, while the rest was apportioned among the local unions. This practice was replaced in 1900 by a far more complex system of assessments and donations designed to raise the money to support strikes. This system was replaced	replaced	VERB	in	ADP	 in
It is the result of an autoimmune reaction in which antibodies are formed against presynaptic voltage gated calcium channels, and likely other nerve terminal proteins, in the neuromuscular junction (the connection between nerves and the muscle that they supply). The prevalence is 3.4 cases per	per	ADP	million	NUM	 million
On 9 April 1809 Heber married Amelia Shipley, the youngest daughter of the Dean of St Asaph. He withdrew from Oxford, having secured his M.A., and set himself up permanently in the Hodnet rectory; finding this too small for his wife's liking he had	had	VERB	the	DET	 the
Both proceedings were discontinued by the District Attorney in September 1997. Meili was suspended from his job at the security company that served UBS, following a criminal investigation. Meili and his family left Switzerland for the United States where they were granted political asylum. In 1997	1997	NUM	,	PUNCT	,
Grossman played college football for the University of Florida. He was selected by the Chicago Bears in the first round of the 2003 NFL Draft, and has also played professionally for the NFL's Houston Texans and Washington Redskins. As a college quarterback, Grossman led the	the	DET	Florida	PROPN	 Florida
A review in the Leicester Mercury noted of Theroux's interview techniques, " His subtle interviewing style was perfect for showing off the crazy views of the members. " The documentary was highlighted in The Sydney Morning Herald among " The week's best ", and characterised	characterised	VERB	as	ADP	 as
Congress established the Metro Transit Police Department (MTPD) on June 4, 1976. MTPD police officers have jurisdiction and arrest powers for crimes that occur throughout the 1,500 square mile (3,900 km2) Transit Zone that includes Maryland, Virginia, and the District of Columbia	Columbia	PROPN	.	PUNCT	.
In Game 7 of the first round of the playoffs, he hit a go ahead shot with a second left to lift the Clippers over the Spurs despite a hamstring injury. The injury forced him to miss the first two games of the next series versus the Houston	Houston	PROPN	Rockets	PROPN	 Rockets
George Mason III (1690 – 1735), served in the House of Burgesses, and like his father was county lieutenant. George Mason IV's mother, Ann Thomson Mason, was the daughter of a former Attorney General of Virginia who had immigrated from London,	,	PUNCT	and	CCONJ	 and
To prevent tenants from vacating their properties, the player must keep their stress low by fulfilling their demands for medical centers, parking lots, recycling facilities, clean hotel rooms with the help of housekeepers, and an efficient transportation system, which involves managing elevator traffic.	.	PUNCT	SimTower	PROPN	 SimTower
The same Washington Post critic later wrote in the Los Angeles Times that because Morrissey was not a film star, the chemistry between him and Stone had been spoiled. Nathan Rabin of The A.V. Club wrote that Morrissey had " the charisma of beige wallpaper " and that	that	SCONJ	"	PUNCT	 "
These studies began to justify different means of determining value — some of which influenced the theory of social capital and individual capital, that emerged in the late 1990s and, along with ecological economics, influenced modern human development theory. (See also the entry on Gender	Gender	PROPN	and	CCONJ	 and
It holds the Guinness World record for fastest selling book of fiction in 24 hours for U.S. sales. At WH Smith, sales reportedly reached a rate of 15 books sold per second. By June 2008, nearly a year after it was published, worldwide sales were	were	AUX	reportedly	ADV	 reportedly
The village assembly was responsible for collecting government land taxes. Land revenue was called Siddhaya and included the original assessment (Kula) plus various cesses. Taxes were levied on professions, marriages, goods in transit on chariots or carriages, and domesticated animals. Taxes on	on	ADP	commodities	NOUN	 commodities
The four girls sometimes signed letters using the nickname, OTMA, which was derived from the first letters of their first names. Despite her energy, Anastasia's physical health was sometimes poor. The Grand Duchess suffered from painful bunions, which affected both of her big	big	ADJ	toes	NOUN	 toes
In both areas, the bog turtle colonies tend to occupy widely scattered ranges. The northern population is the larger of the two. These individuals make their home in states as far north as Connecticut and Massachusetts, and as far south as Maryland. These turtles are	are	AUX	known	VERB	 known
After the disastrous losses of Operation Bodenplatte, and failing to maintain air superiority over the Ardennes area, a severely weakened II. / JG 1 transferred to Insterburg in East Prussia (modern Chernyakhovsk in Russia). I. / JG 1 faced British fighters over Hengelo Twente	Twente	PROPN	on	ADP	 on
Drummond's former protegé Julian Cope was unimpressed, claiming that Drummond still owed him money. " He burned a million pounds which was not all his, and some of it was mine. People should pay off their creditors before they pull intellectual dry wank stunts like	like	ADP	that	PRON	 that
Produced by the band and recorded by Jim Bryson (the band's keyboardist), the album was released on October 14, 1999. In contrast to the band's previous efforts, which were influenced by grunge music, The Worship Project is a worship album.	.	PUNCT	MercyMe	PROPN	 MercyMe
As the fortress prospers, migrants come in larger numbers from the mountainhome (the colony's home civilization) and will need further accommodation. Trading caravans, which can be from the various neighboring civilizations including the home civilization, visit the fortress on a yearly basis and	and	CCONJ	are	AUX	 are
I would write tons of stuff in my head, and forget. Some songs on Being There, I don't think I ever wrote any lyrics down... To fight that, I started writing words on paper and making up melodies to go with them. By	By	ADP	writing	VERB	 writing
Ray Daniels, the manager of musical duo Rock City (brothers Theron and Timothy Thomas), was present during the sessions, and stated that a writing camp typically involves the label hiring ten recording studios for two weeks at the cost of $25,000 per day.	.	PUNCT	Daniels	PROPN	 Daniels
From the gallery they hung a poster of Kevin Barry, a Dublin Irish Republican Army (IRA) volunteer executed by the British during the War of Independence. A crowd gathered below, and began to sing the Irish rebel song " Kevin Barry ". Eventually members	members	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
Young's fourth goal of the season came against Wrexham came after he scored an 82nd minute equaliser on 9 March 2010. He scored the winning goal in a 3 – 2 victory over Kidderminster after shooting from 12 yards on 3 April 2010. He finished the season	season	NOUN	with	ADP	 with
One person drowned due to the flooding rains. Runoff on the Fitzroy River caused by Cyclone Beni resulted in a moderate flood with an estimated return period of four years at Rockhampton. The cyclone's heavy rains helped ease drought problems in Queensland. Nine shires in Central	Central	PROPN	Queensland	PROPN	 Queensland
In practice, although Egypt bore most of the costs of the military conquest and occupation of Sudan, the British ran the country as they chose. The head of the military and the civil administration under the 19 January 1899 Condominium Agreement was a British nominated Governor General	General	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
The mushroom grows singly or in clusters, often appearing in old knotholes and wounds in elms and maples. V. bombycina contains compounds with antibacterial properties. The species was first described in 1774 by German naturalist Jacob Christian Schäffer as Agaricus bombycinus. Throughout its taxonomical history,	,	PUNCT	it	PRON	 it
The German ships made no hostile move British ships, nor did they try to flee the scene and it was assumed by the British that they had mistaken the British ships for friendly vessels. The German flotilla had been sent out of the Ems River to mine the	the	DET	southern	ADJ	 southern
Copán reached the height of its cultural and artistic development during the rule of Uaxaclajuun Ub ' aah K ' awiil, who ruled from 695 to 738. His reign ended catastrophically when he was captured by his vassal, king K ' ak ' Tiliw Chan Yopaat of	of	ADP	Quiriguá	PROPN	 Quiriguá
Typical military equipment included bows and arrows, spears, and round topped shields made by stretching animal skin over a wooden frame. In the New Kingdom, the military began using chariots that had earlier been introduced by the Hyksos invaders. Weapons and armor continued to improve	improve	VERB	after	ADP	 after
" Perceptual conditions of association ". Psychological Monographs, 74 (3), 1 48. Asch S. E., & Ebenholtz S. M. (1962a). " The principle of associative symmetry ". Proceedings of the American Philosophical Society, 106, 135 163.	.	PUNCT	Asch	PROPN	 Asch
He then sees a brochure on her dresser with a man posing as a president and offering help with fake dreams. Homer realizes the family faked his dream to convince him not to endorse Nugent. As a result, he angrily decides to go on television and express	express	VERB	his	PRON	 his
Wacht had a crew of 7 officers and 134 enlisted men. As built, the ship was armed with three 10.5 cm (4.1 in) K L / 35 guns placed in single pivot mounts. The guns were supplied with a total of 180 rounds of ammunition	ammunition	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
The dimensions for the long gallery are given as 125 feet (38 m) long with a ceiling height of 15 feet (4.6 m) and 10 feet (3.0 m) wide. Decorated in a deep maroon, steel engravings, drawings and old prints adorn	adorn	VERB	the	DET	 the
In the meantime a range of other schools had appeared. After the Roman Catholic Relief Act 1829 and mid century Irish immigration, Catholic teaching orders from Ireland and mainland Europe began to establish their own grammar schools. New proprietary schools were established, initially as joint stock	stock	NOUN	companies	NOUN	 companies
At home, as President, he signed an ordinance that gave the new government wide powers to imprison people for up to a year without trial under preventive detention and ordered the imposition of President's rule in nine opposition ruled states on the advice of the government.	.	PUNCT	Reddy	PROPN	 Reddy
The term was used to describe a number of amateur wrestlers such as Myroslav Dykun and Yana Stadnik who had not been born in the UK and had been given British citizenship. Only one wrestler had competed for Great Britain at the 2012 Olympics, Ukrainian born Olga Butkevych	Butkevych	PROPN	.	PUNCT	.
After capturing Shayzar, Hims and Rafaniya, and building a new fortress at Antartus, the emperor withdrew, leaving Damian Dalassenos as the new doux of Antioch. Dalassenos maintained an aggressive stance. In 996 his forces raided the environs of Tripoli and Arqa, while Manjutakin	Manjutakin	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
U.S. Ambassador to Turkey Henry Morgenthau, Sr. wrote, " Those battleships immediately took their places as the most powerful vessels of the Greek Navy, and the enthusiasm of the Greeks in obtaining them was unbounded. " In 1916, a serious division in the Greek	Greek	ADJ	government	NOUN	 government
Concerned about underwater hits, the class's French designers decided to extend the waterline armour belt well below the waterline as compared to their contemporaries. The main armour was also thinner than that of its British or German counterparts, but covered more area. Their secondary armament	armament	NOUN	was	AUX	 was
As coal output from British collieries reached its peak in 1913 there was a correspondingly large number of accidents around this time. Senghenydd — Senghennydd in Welsh — is situated at the northern end of the Aber Valley, approximately four miles (6.4 km) north west of	of	ADP	Caerphilly	PROPN	 Caerphilly
The eight III Squadron battleships fired on the British cruisers, but even sustained fire from the battleships ' main guns failed to drive off the British cruisers. The armored cruisers Defence, Warrior, and Black Prince joined in the attack on the crippled Wiesbaden. Between 19	19	NUM	:	SYM	:
" At a daily press briefing, the State Department spokesman Mark Toner called on all sides to the conflict to " put down their weapons, release government leaders immediately and restore legitimate civilian leadership, " adding that it " appeared the junta had taken control of media	media	NOUN	outlets	NOUN	 outlets
Following several regimental sized assaults on Coral which were successfully repelled by the Australians with heavy casualties on both sides, 1ATF moved to establish Fire Support Base Balmoral on 24 – 25 May, 6 kilometres (3.7 mi) north of Coral. The infantry were this time	time	NOUN	supported	VERB	 supported
The New York Times critic Nora Sayre panned the often contradictory moral themes of the film, while the paper's Frank Rich called it " the same old stuff ". In 1974, Eastwood teamed up with Jeff Bridges and George Kennedy in the buddy action caper Thunderbolt	Thunderbolt	PROPN	and	CCONJ	 and
In 1929, the Magistrat commissioned the city planning division to develop a concept for a new administrative building encompassing two city blocks that would also link the Stadthaus to the City Hall. This plan also included the existing main city library and the city savings bank. It	It	PRON	would	AUX	 would
The nitrogen load is 1.55 pounds per acre (1.74 kg / ha) per year, while the phosphorus load is less than half a pound per acre per year. Between the mouth of Dry Hollow and the mouth of Bunnell Run, the waters of Hammersley Fork	Fork	PROPN	are	AUX	 are
In July 2010, Bogost was scheduled to make an appearance at a New York University seminar, " Social Games On Trial ", to discuss the controversial aspects of social network gaming. To clearly demonstrate what he felt were the most commonly abused mechanics of these games	games	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
" Lift Off " was written by Kanye West, Jay Z, Jeff Bhasker, Mike Dean, Bruno Mars and Seal, while production was handled by West, Bhasker, Mike Dean, Q Tip and Don Jazzy. The song was recorded in Sydney, Australia	Australia	PROPN	.	PUNCT	.
German physicians and biologists Johannes Peter Müller and Friedrich Gustav Jakob Henle originally described the dark shyshark in their 1838 – 41 Systematische Beschreibung der Plagiostomen, based on five specimens caught off the Cape of Good Hope and deposited in the Rijksmuseum van Natuurlijke Historie in Leiden, The	The	DET	Netherlands	PROPN	 Netherlands
Maslin also found the film to lack in actual surfing content. Lynn Voedisch of the Chicago Sun Times described Surf Ninjas as " a marriage of pop icons that simply was fated to be ", citing children's love for ninjas, especially the Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles	Turtles	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
Three days after the capture of Légère, Captain Foley of Goliath sent a boat into the sheltered anchorage under Aboukir Castle, where his men boarded and captured the armed ketch Torride, typical of the gun vessels that had fired on the British advance during the Battle of	of	ADP	the	DET	 the
C 356 542). On October 9, 1981, both parties in the Mermelstein case filed motions for summary judgment in consideration of which Judge Thomas T. Johnson of the Superior Court of Los Angeles County took " judicial notice of the fact that Jews were gassed to	to	ADP	death	NOUN	 death
Aston Villa started the 2006 – 07 Premiership campaign well, with Olof Mellberg scoring the first competitive goal at Arsenal's new Emirates Stadium. The January signings of John Carew, Ashley Young and Shaun Maloney bolstered the squad. Villa finished in 11th place in the league	league	NOUN	with	ADP	 with
Unlike Radiohead's previous " anthemic " rock albums, the sessions saw influences from electronic music, classical music, jazz and krautrock, using synthesisers, drum machines, ondes Martenot (an early electronic instrument), strings and brass. Drummer Phil Selway said the Kid	Kid	PROPN	A	PROPN	 A
Germination of cysts is accompanied by changes in the intima, visible with an electron microscope. The intima consists of carbohydrates, lipids, and proteins and has almost the same volume as the central body. During germination of cysts, the intima hydrolyses and is used by	by	ADP	the	DET	 the
The main belt was 250 to 450 mm (9.8 to 17.7 in) thick, and ran for a length of 110 m (360 ft) along the hull. It was 2.3 m (7 ft 7 in) wide. Above the belt was 101 mm	mm	PROPN	(	PUNCT	 (
He was called up to the Singapore squad for the 2010 AFF Championship. Singapore was held to a 1 – 1 draw with Philippines in the opening match, with Đurić scoring a goal. He scored the equaliser as Singapore came back from a goal down to defeat	defeat	VERB	Myanmar	PROPN	 Myanmar
In October 2009, the Occupational Safety and Health Administration levied the largest fine in its history on BP plc for failing to fix safety problems following the 2005 Texas City Refinery disaster. Business groups such as the National Federation of Independent Business complained that Solis was forging a	a	DET	less	ADV	 less
During an interview with MTV News, Aguilera revealed what the performance would be like and the creative direction behind it: It's very exciting. It's definitely going to be a reflection of what Lotus means to me. If you take that album cover and give	give	VERB	it	PRON	 it
This theme appears as early as Love in Several Masques and continues throughout, especially in prose parody Shamela where Shamela falsifies claims to virtue to control and get ahead in life. Fielding does not limit his analysis of gender roles to just the living; the image of	of	ADP	the	DET	 the
Coulthard had not been informed about his stop go penalty by the team, as they did not want to distract him, but he saw the penalty notification on one of the large television screens situated around the circuit. He passed Herbert on lap 49, but took	took	VERB	his	PRON	 his
" Although stating that it was very cliche, a writer for Popjustice said that the song " seems like a boundary smashing avant garde curiosity when you put it alongside most other Hollywood Records output. " Bill Lamb of About.com ranked " Naturally " at number eighty four	four	NUM	on	ADP	 on
Peter Stormare appears as Sir Slicer in the episode " Blood Under the Skin ". In the entry " Storytelling ", Sam Marin voiced the Teenaged Bear. Rapper Biz Markie guest starred as Snorlock in the installment " Slow Love ". Paul Reubens appeared as the	the	DET	Gnome	PROPN	 Gnome
Then the 4th Machine Gun Squadron galloped forward to take up a position at the western end of the town, while the two attacking squadrons dismounted, to approach the railway station buildings on foot. The substantial two storied station building, solidly build of stone, made	made	VERB	an	DET	 an
According to his co producer Jan Harlan, Kubrick mostly " wanted to make films about things that mattered, that not only had form, but substance ". Kubrick himself believed that audiences quite often were attracted to " enigmas and allegories " and did not like films	films	NOUN	in	ADP	 in
Dining hall protocol was a scripted process, including a whistle system to indicate which block and tier of men would move into and out of the hall at any given time, who sat where, where to place hands, and when to start eating. Prisoners would	would	AUX	be	AUX	 be
Phan regarded the loss of Cao Thang as a significant one, admitting as much in delivering the eulogy and funeral oration. According to the historian David Marr, there was evidence that Phan clearly realised the advantages and limitations of prolonged resistance. Although Phan had previously stated	stated	VERB	that	SCONJ	 that
On this occasion, " Va, pensiero " from Nabucco was conducted by Arturo Toscanini with a chorus of 820 singers. A huge crowd was in attendance, estimated at 300,000. Boito wrote to a friend, in words which recall the mysterious final scene of Don	Don	PROPN	Carlos	PROPN	 Carlos
In 1926, the Harveys shifted to the inner Melbourne suburb of Fitzroy, a staunchly working class, industrial area. During their relocation, Ray was born in Sydney. Horace secured a job at the confectionery company Life Savers (Australasia) Ltd, located next door	door	NOUN	to	ADP	 to
Objects are stored in gravity boxes on the station's ceilings, only one object can be held at a time. These are used to solve the game's puzzles and allow the player to continue further into the game. Each object's purpose must be discovered as	as	SCONJ	they	PRON	 they
The rivalry continued to intensify as " hard men " such as Patrick Vieira, Roy Keane and Martin Keown joined the sides. The previous league match between the two clubs in April 2003 at Highbury was a competitive and bad tempered affair. In a match that finished	finished	VERB	in	ADP	 in
In Greenwich, Connecticut, a jogging couple find a girl, Teena Simmons, standing alone. Nearby, they find her father sitting dead on a swing set with two incisions in his neck. Fox Mulder takes the case and reviews it with Dana Scully, believing	believing	VERB	the	DET	 the
Anita struck Mexico as a Category 5 hurricane on the Saffir – Simpson hurricane wind scale, bringing strong winds and heavy rainfall. At least 25,000 people were left homeless and 11 fatalities were reported. In addition to Anita, another notable tropical cyclone of this season was	was	AUX	Hurricane	PROPN	 Hurricane
After originally being sold only at Walmart and Sam's Club first, the album was released on iTunes on February 11, 2011, accompanying the release of Justin Bieber: Never Say Never, and preceding the release of Never Say Never – The Remixes. Lucy Jones	Jones	PROPN	of	ADP	 of
It involves, or is related to, biological classification, scientific taxonomy and phylogenetics. Biological classification is the method by which botanists group organisms into categories such as genera or species. Biological classification is a form of scientific taxonomy. Modern taxonomy is rooted in the work	work	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
Participants even drank large quantities of Kaoliang in order to improve their courage. Some of the worst Chinese battle losses occurred during the Second and the Fifth Phase Campaign: up to 40 percent of all Chinese forces in Korea were rendered combat ineffective between November 25 and December	December	PROPN	24	NUM	 24
While negotiating to get the best possible deal, Aubut traded Lindros to both the Flyers and the Rangers, meaning an arbitrator had to rule which club should receive him. During the ten days between the trades being made and the arbitrator's ruling, there was a	a	DET	lot	NOUN	 lot
In Germany, the song reached a peak of number 19 on the chart, but it remained within the German Top 100 for a total of 19 weeks. In Ireland, the song reached a peak of number three, remaining on the chart for a total of	of	ADP	six	NUM	 six
His agitation for the B 29s did not endear him to the USAAF staff in Washington, D.C. After the war, the Strategic Bombing Survey concluded that this would have been far more productive than Operation Matterhorn, which saw B 29s based in China to bomb steel plants	plants	NOUN	in	ADP	 in
She and her sister Alma were concerned about the care Josie gave Wyatt. Even though he was very ill, she still did not cook for him. Spolidora, her sisters, and her mother brought in meals. Earp began to collaborate with John Flood, a	a	DET	mining	NOUN	 mining
Prior to 1348 it was known as Weston Juxta Mare (" beside the sea "). The name was changed by Ralph of Shrewsbury, who was the Bishop of Bath and Wells. Between the 14th and 17th centuries the " super Mare " part of the	the	DET	name	NOUN	 name
The SLS is to be upgraded over time with more powerful versions. The initial capability of SLS is required to be able to lift 70 mt into LEO. It is then planned to be upgraded to 105 mt and then eventually to 130 mt. Exploration Flight Test	Test	PROPN	1	NUM	 1
Solitary and nocturnal, the common torpedo spends much time resting on the sea floor, often buried in sediment. It is an ambush predator that pounces onto prey and stuns them with electricity, the process taking only a fraction of a second. Once the prey is	is	AUX	immobilized	VERB	 immobilized
On August 16, 1861, Ranavalona died in her sleep at the Manjakamiadana palace in the Rova of Antananarivo. Twelve thousand zebu were slaughtered and their meat distributed to the populace in her honor, and the official mourning period lasted nine months. Her body was laid	laid	VERB	in	ADP	 in
McMahon began appearing regularly on air for WWE (then WWF as the World Wrestling Federation) in 1999 as a part of a storyline with The Undertaker. After a brief on screen relationship with Test, she was engaged to Triple H — whom she married both on	on	ADP	screen	NOUN	 screen
Populations exist around the Solomon Islands archipelago and New Caledonia, stretching to an easternmost population in Vanuatu. A highly isolated population lives around the islands of Palau. A singe dugong lives at Cocos (Keeling) Islands although the animal is thought to be a vagrant.	.	PUNCT	Today	NOUN	 Today
With the successful Pusan Perimeter holding action, the victory set in motion the moves which would shape the remainder of the war. MacArthur and the Joint Chiefs of Staff, pushed by US leaders in Washington, decided to aggressively pursue the shattered North Korean People's Army	Army	PROPN	into	ADP	 into
Controversy continued to flare in Britain and other countries regarding sporting links with South Africa. The South Africa rugby team's 1969 – 70 tour of Britain and Ireland was accompanied by mass demonstrations against apartheid, including an attempt by a protester in London to hijack the South	South	ADJ	African	ADJ	 African
The phrase " in anger he turned back to his own " probably indicates that this annal is drawn from saga material, as perhaps are all of the early Wessex annals. It also has been used to argue that perhaps, Ceawlin did not win the battle and	and	CCONJ	that	SCONJ	 that
Yet such an operation would have required considerable time to plan and execute, and Townsend had been ordered not to become too heavily engaged. Ad hoc and planned in haste, Operation Bribie went badly for the Australians from the start with delays in deploying the reaction force	force	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
Following the invasion of Normandy, the Fourth Army was " transferred " south to reinforce the First United States Army Group (FUSAG), another fictitious formation. Fortitude South aimed to convince the Germans that FUSAG had 500,000 men in more than fifty divisions and would launch	launch	VERB	the	DET	 the
He was given a ten game suspension for verbally harassing the officials and continuing to coach from the stands after being ejected from a game and was dismissed as Windsor's coach after the team won only two of its first 15 games. Pronovost's final season as a	a	DET	coach	NOUN	 coach
About 70% of the province's population lives in the highlands; of the other 30%, approximately half live in more urbanized towns, and half live along rivers and in the lowlands, where they practice wetland rice cultivation and engage in market activities. Banlung	Banlung	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
Weiland credited Was for helping Stone Temple Pilots re learn how to play together again. Was also worked closely with Weiland during the recording of the vocals. By June 2009, the band had written eighteen songs, twelve of which were planned to be released on the	the	DET	album	NOUN	 album
Lucy Davies of the BBC said it demonstrated how repetitive the lyrical themes on Fearless were. She noted Swift recycled the phrase " face of an angel " from the album's previous track, " Hey Stephen ". An uncredited review from Billboard stated, " The	The	DET	second	ADJ	 second
The Eyre Peninsula and Adelaide recorded more rain in 24 hours than they had in 2002 and 2001 combined. The New South Wales saw major flooding events in towns such as Tamworth. Flooding also closed the Pacific Highway. Over 100 houses along the Gold Coast were damaged	damaged	VERB	due	ADP	 due
After the release of Heroes of Mana, they commented that the World of Mana series is " cursed ", and the future of the series looked " bleak ". The music of the Mana series, especially Secret of Mana, has received wide acclaim and fan	fan	NOUN	enthusiasm	NOUN	 enthusiasm
Congress had also created a civil offense against the law of nations in the Alien Tort Statute of the Judiciary Act of 1789. Several offenses were limited to acts committed in places " under the sole and exclusive jurisdiction of the United States. " Such regulations would have	have	AUX	applied	VERB	 applied
West utilized the sounds created by the 808 and manipulated its pitch to produce a distorted, electronic sound, an effect he referred to as " heartbreak ". He felt the characteristic of the sound was representative of his state of mind. According to West, the	the	DET	fact	NOUN	 fact
Along the way, Dante encounters Lady, who is in pursuit of her father Arkham, who is working with Vergil, but has plans of his own. In the end, Dante claims ownership of the Force Edge, while Vergil chooses to remain in the demon	demon	NOUN	world	NOUN	 world
They nest in bridges where it compiles and damages iron work causing rust and corrosion. In the United States, falcon and other raptors are in numbers high enough to ward off pigeon nest building in major highrises. Due to its striking hunting technique, the peregrine has	has	AUX	often	ADV	 often
He outlined the events in his Cronica in year to year accounts; for this he has gained criticism over the years for writing in an episodic manner lacking a unifying theme or point of view. He wrote his Cronica in the vernacular language rather than Latin, the	the	DET	language	NOUN	 language
Increasing use of corneal topography has led to a decline in use of these terms. Despite considerable research, the etiology of keratoconus remains unclear. Several sources suggest that keratoconus likely arises from a number of different factors: genetic, environmental or cellular, any of which	which	PRON	may	AUX	 may
The authors suggest that, in the wild, nectar may be a frequent, convenient way to get some nutrients, as it would avoid the work, risks and costs (such as making venom). Jumping spiders can benefit from amino acids, lipids, vitamins	vitamins	NOUN	and	CCONJ	 and
A change in the 1960s added a section of north – south roadway to the eastern end of M 102; that change was reversed within about a year. A western extension along Grand River Avenue in 1977 was reversed in 1994, and M 102 has remained the	the	DET	same	ADJ	 same
To bridge the fast following rivers of northern Burma, Pick and Farrell selected the H 20 Portable Steel Highway Bridge. Production of these had been discontinued in favor of the Bailey bridge, but Farrell's technical arguments won out and the Corps of Engineers had to reinstate	reinstate	VERB	production	NOUN	 production
Should he escape, no damage is done to either him or the monster. The status of his " health " is indicated in the inventory, since the game does not feature a heads up display; however, when his health is critical, the edges of	of	ADP	the	DET	 the
On June 1, 2015, a representative for the MTA described the extension as " 99% complete ". That day, test runs of 7 trains started running to 34th Street – Hudson Yards in preparation for the summer 2015 opening of the extension. However,	,	PUNCT	on	ADP	 on
Eventually, Bob and the kids discover the true culprits, Patty and Selma. Bob reappears again in the episode " The Bob Next Door " (season 21, 2010), where he switches faces with his prison cellmate Walt Warren. Bob returns to Springfield and	and	CCONJ	moves	NOUN	 moves
Ristaino sough to make them look as if they were " east coast commuters [all] bundled up for winter. " He strove to make them look " specific " so that they would appear as people you might see on a subway, such as a bike	bike	NOUN	messenger	NOUN	 messenger
The Helgoland class ships retained older triple expansion steam engines rather than the new steam turbines in use in the British Royal Navy. This decision was based solely on cost: at the time, Parsons held a monopoly on steam turbines and required a 1 million gold mark	mark	NOUN	royalty	NOUN	 royalty
Middlesex delves into the concept of identity, including how it is formed and how it is administered. The immigrant predicament is a metaphor and synecdoche for Calliope's hermaphroditic condition; Callie's paternal grandparents become Americanized through the amalgamation of the elements of heredity, cultural metamorphoses	metamorphoses	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
The Stranglers ' Dave Greenfield was an exception to this, and used a Hammond onstage during the band's early career. Andy Thompson, better known for being an aficionado of the Mellotron, stated that " the Hammond never really went away. There are a lot	lot	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
The cost of maintaining the Protector's massive armies and his permanent garrisons in Scotland also placed an unsustainable burden on the royal finances. A French attack on Boulogne in August 1549 at last forced Somerset to begin a withdrawal from Scotland. During 1548, England was subject	subject	ADJ	to	ADP	 to
By 1991, St George's was grant maintained; in 1992, it was awarded Technology School status, which was accompanied by a Government grant of £500,000 and a gift of £250,000 made by Reg Brealey; these contributed to the construction of a Science and	and	CCONJ	Technology	PROPN	 Technology
The novel is 288 pages long. DeCandido also wrote the novelizations for the first and third films. Rotten Tomatoes gives the film a score of 21% based on 124 reviews. The site's Critics Consensus reads, " Resident Evil: Apocalypse has lots of action	action	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
Governor General David Johnston did, though, preside at an official ceremony at Confederation Park in Ottawa, integrated with Winterlude. He said " [t] he National Flag of Canada is so embedded in our national life and so emblematic of our national purpose that we	we	PRON	simply	ADV	 simply
A popular legend represents the bishop as descending from the window of his cell by a rope which friends had smuggled to him in a flagon of wine. Ranulf gave the wine to his guards, and after they were drunk and asleep, climbed down the rope to	to	PART	escape	VERB	 escape
This reactor only generated up to 200 W, but it demonstrated that k was higher than anticipated. This not only removed most of the objections to air cooled and water cooled reactor designs, it also greatly simplified other aspects of the design. Wigner's team submitted	submitted	VERB	blueprints	NOUN	 blueprints
Strawberry Records pressed 600 copies of the recording. In December 1994, Antestor recorded their first full length album titled Martyrium. Arctic Serenades Records was originally supposed to release that album, but because of unknown reasons that never happened, and the band tried to get another	another	DET	label	NOUN	 label
San Diego won only 76 games that year, but Hoffman ranked second in the NL with 37 saves. During the 1998 season, Hoffman began entering save situations in Padres home games to the entrance music of AC / DC's " Hells Bells " playing over the	the	DET	public	ADJ	 public
A titled Igbo chieftain himself, Achebe's novels focus on the traditions of Igbo society, the effect of Christian influences, and the clash of Western and traditional African values during and after the colonial era. His style relies heavily on the Igbo oral tradition, and	and	CCONJ	combines	VERB	 combines
These results did not justify the large allocation of Allied resources to the operation, however. Moreover, the diversion of some supply aircraft flown between India and China to support XX Bomber Command's efforts may have prevented the Fourteenth Air Force from undertaking more effective operations against	against	ADP	Japanese	ADJ	 Japanese
It was considered an important discovery, as few early ornithischians were known at the time. The preparation of the specimen, i.e. the freeing of the bones from the tock matrix, was very time consuming, since they were covered in a thin, very hard,	,	PUNCT	ferruginous	ADJ	 ferruginous
Sallal accused Nasser of betrayal. Nasser unfroze more than $100 million worth of Saudi assets in Egypt, and Faisal denationalized two Egyptian owned banks that he had taken over earlier that year. Saudi Arabia, Libya, and Kuwait agreed to provide Egypt with an annual	annual	ADJ	subsidy	NOUN	 subsidy
Attending his first NHL training camp that month, he did not make the Blue Jackets roster and was returned to Portland on October 2 for another year of junior hockey. Back in the WHL, Johansen was chosen to represent the league at the 2010 Subway Super Series	Series	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
It shows a scene from the biblical entombment of Christ, and was probably completed between 1440 and 1455 as a wing panel for a large hinged polyptych altarpiece. The now lost altarpiece is thought to have contained a central crucifixion scene flanked by four wing panel works half	half	DET	its	PRON	 its
In 1991 New Zealand turnover topped 100 million NZD for the first time. KFC's core product offering is pressure fried, on the bone chicken pieces seasoned with Colonel Harland Sanders ' " Original Recipe " of 11 herbs and spices. The product is typically available in	in	ADP	either	CCONJ	 either
Schools in the warned area were suspended, and airports and seaports were closed. Philippine Airlines cancelled over half of its flights to and from Ninoy Aquino International Airport for September 28, and various transit services also suspended service. Metro Manila and the Tagalog provinces were warned	warned	VERB	of	ADP	 of
Recommend duty on a large vessel where he can be properly supervised. " On the same day that Hubbard was sent a formal letter of admonition, he reported sick with complaints of epigastric pains and possible malaria. After 77 days on the sick list, it was	was	AUX	finally	ADV	 finally
He shares the Southeastern Conference (SEC) single game assists record (19) and was the 2012 SEC Preseason Player of the Year. He earned 2012 – 13 All SEC First team selection and was the conference assist champion. He earned Associated Press 2013 All American	American	ADJ	honorable	ADJ	 honorable
Niadra is a zerg broodmother and leader of the Niadra Brood. She was created by Sarah Kerrigan when she battled the protoss on Kaldir. Although she succeeded in preventing them from contacting the Golden Armada, one of the protoss ships attempted to flee from the planet and	and	CCONJ	travel	NOUN	 travel
Stealth is a significant element of the gameplay; frequent gunfire can alert distant guards, and activated alarms can trigger infinitely respawning enemies. Therefore, to avoid gunfights with numerous opponents, it is advantageous to eliminate soldiers and security cameras before they spot or hear the player	player	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
According to Lawrence, parallel to the design of the A380, Airbus conducted the most extensive and thorough market analysis of commercial aviation ever undertaken, justifying its VLA plans, while according to Aboulafia, the rise of mid size aircraft and market fragmentation reduced VLAs to niche	niche	NOUN	market	NOUN	 market
In testimony before the House Armed Services Committee investigation into the affair in October 1949, the Chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff, General Omar Bradley, doubted that there would ever be another large scale amphibious operation. In stature and seniority, General of the Army	Army	PROPN	Douglas	PROPN	 Douglas
During character creation, the computer randomly generates statistics for each character, although the player can alter these attributes. The player also chooses each character's alignment, or moral philosophy; while the player controls each character's actions, alignment can affect how NPCs view their	their	PRON	actions	NOUN	 actions
The PLANTS are a technological power house, developing many new technologies that give them equal power to Earth despite their very small population. It is the invention of the Mobile Suits that give their military the edge in the beginning of the war. The story begins in	in	ADP	the	DET	 the
She claims that a rebel force of aliens are mutilating their faces to prevent infection by the black oil. Cigarette Smoking Man reveals everything to Diana Fowley, who agrees to help him and betray Mulder. Cassandra later escapes from a hospital and arrives at Mulder's apartment	apartment	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
The inspection revealed a wound behind the right ear, fractures to the top of the skull, and a cut through the vertebra where he had been decapitated. The remains of a garotte were also found around his neck, all of which was suggestive of a ritual	ritual	ADJ	killing	NOUN	 killing
Effectively, the John Bull became a 4 2 0 (a locomotive with two unpowered axles, one powered main axle, and no trailing axles). Later, the C & A also added a pilot (" cowcatcher ") to the lead truck. The	The	DET	cowcatcher	NOUN	 cowcatcher
" In terms of international exposure, during a fourth month period Spears was featured in seven mini TV specials and more than one hundred and fifty interviews outside the US. Spears first performed " Me Against the Music " at the 2003 NFL Kickoff Live on September 4	4	NUM	,	PUNCT	,
War weary sailors demanded to return home and the ensuing standoff culminated in a mass shooting of sailor demonstrators. Fifteen people were wounded, but only one died, a sailor from Vergniaud. The battleship's crew had thus far remained neutral in the conflict but quickly joined	joined	VERB	the	DET	 the
Although (contrary to rumour) she never placed bets, she did have the racing commentaries piped direct to her London residence, Clarence House, so she could follow the races. As an art collector, she purchased works by Claude Monet, Augustus John and Peter	Peter	PROPN	Carl	PROPN	 Carl
" However, in January 2012, Heigl stated in an interview that she has asked the producers if she could return to the show to give closure to Izzie's storyline: " I've told them I want to [return], " she said. "	"	PUNCT	I	PRON	 I
The information was published in the September 1801 issue of the Monatliche Correspondenz. By this time, the apparent position of Ceres had changed (mostly due to Earth's orbital motion), and was too close to the Sun's glare for other astronomers to confirm Piazzi	Piazzi	PROPN	's	PART	's
This was during a storyline where CM Punk had won the WWE Championship and left the company. Though a new champion was crowned, Triple H helped re sign Punk and upheld both championship reigns. He announced he would referee a match to unify both WWE Championships at	at	ADP	SummerSlam	PROPN	 SummerSlam
He stated that " The top generals who decided to murder Diệm and his brother were scared to death. The generals knew very well that having no talent, no moral virtues, no political support whatsoever, they could not prevent a spectacular comeback of the president and	and	CCONJ	Mr.	PROPN	 Mr.
The Iridaceae contained those with three stamens and an inferior ovary. The remaining taxa were put together in a very broadly defined Liliaceae, usually refereed to as Liliaceae sensu lato (s.l.). The Cronquist system's definition, for example, is the broadest of	of	ADP	all	PRON	 all
Bridgwater Docks, in which the tidal basin, locks, quaysides, bridges and fittings are listed buildings, is now a marina, and the old warehouse, built in 1840 – 50 has been converted into apartments, with new apartment blocks built nearby. The only	only	ADJ	commercially	ADV	 commercially
In 1896, the Marquis of Bute, then owner of Flat Holm, agreed to lease all the land that was not already in use by the military or the lighthouse to the Cardiff Corporation for £50 per year. The corporation then built a permanent sanatorium on	on	ADP	the	DET	 the
Reporter Sandra Davie was informed of the discrepancy and published an article about it in the national broadsheet The Straits Times. Because the cats were registered as Abyssinians in the import certificates, and because the Meadows had been breeders of Abyssinian, Burmese, and Siamese, some	some	PRON	have	AUX	 have
In November 2014, it was reported by several sources, including the French newspaper La Tribune that Egypt was in negotiations with France to purchase 24 to 36 Rafales, subject to the financing agreement. By February 2015, the two countries were negotiating a loan from France	France	PROPN	's	PART	's
The team also worked at improving the game's graphics; the appearance of DJ Hero's graffiti based menus gave the impression of being a hip hop game, but FreeStyleGames wanted to distance DJ Hero 2 from that. They also wanted to clean up the gameplay's	's	PART	interface	NOUN	 interface
Two days later, No. 1 Wing intercepted a force of 27 Mitsubishi G4 M " Betty " bombers escorted by 23 Zeros which was en route to attack the USAAF heavy bomber base at Fenton airstrip and shot down six bombers and two fighters. The wing lost	lost	VERB	six	NUM	 six
In 2000, Fey partnered with fellow SNL cast member Rachel Dratch in the Off Broadway two woman show Dratch & Fey at the Upright Citizens Brigade Theater in New York City. The production was well received by critics. Tim Townsend of The Wall Street Journal wrote that	that	SCONJ	the	DET	 the
In 1953, Wackett established advanced diploma training for twenty five airmen annually at Melbourne Technical College, the graduates receiving commissions as pilot officers. He also began recruiting university qualified engineers to the Technical Branch, and put in place formal relationships with such bodies as CSIRO,	,	PUNCT	the	DET	 the
The species is commonly called " snakeskin grisette ". Another common name is " strangulated amanita ", referring to the tightly clasping volva. It is also called Cecilia's ringless amanita after Cecilia Berkeley, the wife of M. J. Berkeley. The name was meant "	"	PUNCT	to	PART	 to
At 3: 20 pm the ARVN 52nd Ranger Battalion were discharged on a landing zone about 3 kilometres south of Đồng Xoài. As the South Vietnamese Rangers marched towards the town centre, their lead company was decimated in an ambush mounted by elements of the Viet Cong	Cong	PROPN	271st	PROPN	 271st
Boydell's willingness to assume responsibility for his own business so early in his career indicates that he had ambition and an enterprising spirit. Independent shops were risky in the 1740s because no strict copyright laws, other than the Engraving Copyright Act of 1734 (known as "	"	PUNCT	Hogarth	PROPN	 Hogarth
Wisley proposes but Jane ultimately rejects him due to lack of affection. The mischievous Tom encounters Jane again; they argue but increasingly take interest in each other and Tom demonstrates that he takes Jane's literary aspirations seriously. In time they fall in love. Tom,	,	PUNCT	Jane	PROPN	 Jane
Birmingham, Alabama was, in 1963, " probably the most thoroughly segregated city in the United States. " Although the city's population of almost 350,000 was 60% white and 40% black, Birmingham had no black police officers, firefighters, sales clerks in	in	ADP	department	NOUN	 department
Opposing them were the 13th and 70th Armies of the Central Front. The 20th Panzer and 6th Infantry Divisions of the XLVII Panzer Corps, spearheaded the advance of the XLVII Panzer Corps. Behind them the remaining two panzer divisions followed, ready to exploit any breakthrough.	.	PUNCT	The	DET	 The
The karyotype includes 34 chromosomes. A. caenosus mostly occurs in Yungas vegetation and breeds mainly during the winter. It shares its range with many other sigmodontine rodents, including three other species of Akodon. E. Budin collected the first specimen of the species on August 21,	,	PUNCT	1917	NUM	 1917
The entire stem and ring are not pure white but have a faint yellowish tinge. The flesh is whitish, faintly yellowish in the stem, and golden yellow under the cuticle of the cap. It does not change color in air, and has an insignificant taste	taste	NOUN	and	CCONJ	 and
Whatever the truth of the rumours, James required a royal match to preserve the Stuart line. " God is my witness ", he explained, " I could have abstained longer than the weal of my country could have permitted, [had not] my long	long	ADJ	delay	NOUN	 delay
When Judge Noel Anketell Kramer was asked about Guandique's potential connection to the Levy homicide, she responded, " This is such a satellite issue. To me it doesn't have anything to do with this case. " Kramer sentenced Guandique to 10 years in prison	prison	NOUN	for	ADP	 for
Williams released her first non Gospel third solo album, Unexpected, in October 2008, with several of the tracks boasting an uptempo Euro dance flavour. The following month, Knowles released her third studio solo album, I Am... Sasha Fierce. LeToya Luckett released her	her	PRON	second	ADJ	 second
Lodge cabled back, initially backing the false story disseminated by the generals, saying that their story was plausible because of the supposedly loaded pistol being left on the floor of the vehicle. Rusk was worried about the public relations implications the bloody photographs of the brothers would	would	AUX	generate	VERB	 generate
Since the early 1980s, much of the area between Tyldesley and Astley has been built on for housing. Indicators show that the township has a strong housing market, with a high owner occupancy rate of almost 80%. Parts of Astley are among the 5%	%	NOUN	least	ADJ	 least
In most other ITV regions, The Flaxton Boys was broadcast in this time slot. Although repeats ran until 1972 on ATV and Southern, and until 1975 on Granada, the series has not been transmitted since and remains unsold to new broadcasters, although ATN Channel 7	7	NUM	purchased	VERB	 purchased
Percy Hibberd built a prototype transmitter with pulses of a few hundred watts and fitted it to the Heyford in March 1937. In testing the transmitter proved only barely suitable in the air to air role, with short detection ranges due to its relatively low power. But	But	CCONJ	to	ADP	 to
In 1901 Gaudí decorated the house of Isabel Güell López, Marchioness of Castelldosrius, and daughter of Eusebi Güell. Situated at 19 Carrer Junta de Comerç, the house had been built in 1885 and renovated between 1901 and 1904; it was destroyed by a bomb during	during	ADP	the	DET	 the
Alisia Dragoon has been recognized retrospectively as a relatively early video game to challenge a gender bias prevalent in the industry at the time. In the early 1990s, the video game market was skewed toward the young male demographic, and games often portrayed women as " damsels	damsels	NOUN	in	ADP	 in
He left Brampton ranked second on the club's all time scoring list behind Wojtek Wolski in regular season goals (114), assists (129), points (243), powerplay goals (46) and shorthanded goals (7), while ranking first in	in	ADP	game	NOUN	 game
The project has been supported by some public officials, and received some public funding, but received criticism for its financial ties to the Church of Scientology, for exposing rescue workers to potential medical dangers, and for discouraging their use of orthodox medicine. Sources in the	the	DET	Fire	PROPN	 Fire
Stoke began to compete for honours in the 1970 – 71 season, though despite impressive victories against the top two clubs – Arsenal and Leeds United – City ended the season in mid table obscurity. The club's great achievement was in reaching the semi finals of the	the	DET	FA	PROPN	 FA
Once authorized by Congress, they were produced in various metals and sizes, for the most part prior to the celebrations near Minneapolis in June 1925. Only 53 were issued in gold, and they are rare and valuable today; those struck in silver or bronze are	are	AUX	much	ADV	 much
He considered Soeman's work best read for its entertainment value. In a film commemorating Soeman made by the Lontar Foundation, Budianta concluded: You can say he only wrote a few works. You can say that his works are not that popular, not that monumental	monumental	ADJ	,	PUNCT	,
Romanesque Revival architecture was very popular in Hartford City, and at least 7 of the District's contributing buildings were built using this style. This style of architecture is known for round arches in many of the openings. Smooth surfaces, sometimes with belt courses are also	also	ADV	typical	ADJ	 typical
College basketball had started offering doubleheaders during the Great Depression to provide customers value for their money. Fans had grown accustomed to watching two games, so doubleheaders in the NBA became common. The National Basketball Association was still struggling in its 16th season, not yet a	a	DET	major	ADJ	 major
Watson was nominated for five awards for her performance in Philosopher's Stone, winning the Young Artist Award for Leading Young Actress. A year later, Watson again starred as Hermione in Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets, the second instalment of the series. Reviewers	Reviewers	NOUN	praised	VERB	 praised
Although the flitch ceremony at Dunmow is generally held to have originated with the Fitzwalters in the 13th century there are some who would date it to earlier Norman or Saxon times, one suggested date being 1104, the founding of the Little Dunmow Priory. This is partly	partly	ADV	because	SCONJ	 because
It then heads east until it reaches Ayden. After about two and a half miles (4.2 km), NC 102 enters Ayden, and has an intersection with NC 11. NC 102 continues through Ayden along 3rd Street, and in the heart of Ayden crosses	crosses	VERB	a	DET	 a
Its initial release ultimately brought in $123.1 million in rentals. Theatrical re releases in 1976 and 1979 brought its total rentals to $133.4 million. The picture entered overseas release in December 1975, and its international business mirrored its domestic performance. It broke records in	in	ADP	Singapore	PROPN	 Singapore
Considering that Stowe intended this to be a subtheme, then this scene could foreshadow future events that puts alcohol in a bad light. Because Stowe saw motherhood as the " ethical and structural model for all of American life " and also believed that only women had the	the	DET	moral	ADJ	 moral
Brynner regretted that there were not more tryout performances, feeling that the schedule did not give him an adequate opportunity to develop the complex role of the King. When he told this to Hammerstein and Rodgers, they asked what sort of performance they would get from him	him	PRON	,	PUNCT	,
Moore appeared in other television and radio shows, including Just a Minute and, from 1992 until 1998, playing the role of GamesMaster in the television show of the same name: a character who professed to know everything there is to know about video gaming. He	He	PRON	would	AUX	 would
Using a mechanical sandblaster in a laboratory setting, scientists affiliated with the Agricultural Research Service studied the effects of windblown sand abrasion on cotton seedlings. The study showed that the seedlings responded to the damage created by the windblown sand abrasion by shifting energy from stem and root	root	NOUN	growth	NOUN	 growth
He composed for Command & Conquer: Tiberian Sun with Jarrid Mendelson — with whom he would later collaborate on Emperor: Battle for Dune. He began by writing Stomp, an energetic rock piece intended to recreate the effect of Hell March for the new game. Coincidentally	Coincidentally	ADV	,	PUNCT	,
Gingrich called this action " Dole proofing " the platform, and the plank passed over Dole's opposition. Then, in 1985, Dole proposed an austere budget that barely passed in the senate with appendectomy patient Pete Wilson casting the tying vote and Vice President Bush casting	casting	VERB	the	DET	 the
Following her second defeat, Kirakisho is touched by Shinku's love and surrenders her Rosa Mystica. Tale 65 She was later revived with a physical body and is in possession of the adult Jun. Tale 66 Kirakisho is voiced by Chiemi Chiba. Laplace's Demon (ラプラスの魔	ラプラスの魔	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
Nitro then engaged in a feud with Hardy. Nitro recaptured the Intercontinental Championship from Hardy on November 6 when the General Manager for the night, Eric Bischoff, restarted a match that Nitro lost by disqualification. The next week, however, Hardy won the title back	back	ADV	.	PUNCT	.
" The film also has a score of 41 out of 100 on Metacritic based on 12 critics indicating " mixed or average reviews ". Peter Travers of Rolling Stone gave the film 1 star out of 5, describing it as " an appallingly clumsy and stupid take	take	NOUN	on	ADP	 on
They argued that Bamber had then set about arranging the scene to make it appear that Sheila was the killer. He had discovered that she could not have reached the trigger with the silencer attached, so he had removed it and placed it in the cupboard, then	then	ADV	placed	VERB	 placed
Frederick William Robertson, a preacher, theologian and divine whose ministry at Brighton's Holy Trinity Church was nationally famous, lived at 9 Montpelier Terrace from 1847 until 1850, then at 60 Montpelier Road until his death in 1853. Another resident of Montpelier Road was Dr	Dr	PROPN	William	PROPN	 William
Piper started the match by throwing his kilt in Lawler's face and attacking him. The match consisted mainly of brawling, and Lawler was frequently distracted by the fan who was standing in Piper's corner. Lawler gained the advantage by performing a sleeper hold and a	a	DET	piledriver	NOUN	 piledriver
Elizabeth received this pension on behalf of her late husband, " General " David Poe, a former quartermaster in Maryland who had loaned money to the state. Edgar Poe first met his cousin Virginia in August 1829, four months after his discharge from the Army.	.	PUNCT	She	PRON	 She
On 9 May 1889 he starred for George P. Hawtrey in a matinee of Penelope, a musical version of a famous farce The Area Belle, to benefit the Holborn Lodge for Shop Girls. In this benefit, he played the role of Pitcher opposite the seasoned Gilbert	Gilbert	PROPN	and	CCONJ	 and
As the battle front moved swiftly southward, trains after the end of July did not run beyond Taegu and P ' ohang dong. After the North Korean threat developed in the Masan region, a supply train ran daily from Pusan to that city. On July 1	1	NUM	the	DET	 the
The film's highest grossing markets are Japan ($90.1 million), the UK, Ireland, and Malta ($47.2 million), and Mexico ($37.6 million). Review aggregation website Rotten Tomatoes gives the film a score of 78% approval rating	rating	NOUN	based	VERB	 based
The President and Vice President of the 43rd High School Council are Dylan Wee (from class 4O2) and Joel Tan (from class 4H1) respectively. Having been designated a FutureSchool in 2008, HCI has rapidly adopted new Information Technology (IT) resources. Announcements	Announcements	NOUN	and	CCONJ	 and
With the tarboosh upon his head which he seemed to wear uneasily, he reclined, rather than sat upon the opposite side of the divân, while his hand played in unconscious familiarity with the hilt of his yataghan. He looked like one who would be ' Steel	Steel	NOUN	amid	ADP	 amid
After the completion of the reunion dates, James said the group had not discussed further plans, and Albarn told Q soon after that Blur had no intention of recording or touring again. He said, " I just can't do it anymore ", and explained	explained	VERB	that	SCONJ	 that
UPN requested a modified ending to the episode, as the original version had Phlox and Archer disagreeing over what to do with the Valakians. Archer would have wanted to save the race, while Phlox would have wanted evolution to take its course. John Billingsley, who	who	PRON	played	VERB	 played
" The motion was granted by the District Court in Cotterman's favor. The government appealed, and stated that the border search doctrine justified the initial search and the transport of the computer to Tucson to adequately conduct the search. The Ninth Circuit Court of Appeals overturned	overturned	VERB	the	DET	 the
Angelou used the metaphor of a bird struggling to escape its cage described in the Paul Laurence Dunbar poem " Sympathy " throughout all of her autobiographies; she used the metaphor in the titles of both I Know Why the Caged Bird Sings and her sixth autobiography A Song	Song	PROPN	Flung	VERB	 Flung
Selee fell ill in 1905, and Chance was selected to succeed him as manager. That year, he also batted.316 with 92 runs scored and 70 RBIs. His batting average was sixth best in the NL, while he led the league with a.450 on base percentage	percentage	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
" In the days before the election and the days afterward, predictions and reports of fraud were printed daily in the Gazette. Because of the relatively slow communications, messages from other counties were often delayed up to a week. There were numerous reports of anomalies in	in	ADP	state	NOUN	 state
The prohibition (on aikido, at least) was lifted in 1948 with the creation of the Aiki Foundation, established by the Japanese Ministry of Education with permission from the Occupation forces. The Hombu dojo re opened the following year. After the war, however,	,	PUNCT	Ueshiba	PROPN	 Ueshiba
One, dated 20 January 1738, found its way to Thomas Hope of Rankeillor, her lawyer, in December 1740. Some sources state that the first letter had been hidden in some yarn that was collected as part of a rent payment and taken to Inverness and	and	CCONJ	thence	NOUN	 thence
Point Welcome was escorted back to Da Nang under her own power and required three months to repair the damage. Patterson saved the cutter and the surviving crew at great risk to himself. He was awarded a Bronze Star with the combat " V " device for his	his	PRON	actions	NOUN	 actions
" Edwin Muir, reviewing in Listener wrote that " as a whole the book is so elusive that there is no judging it; I can not tell whether it is winding into deeper and deeper worlds of meaning or lapsing into meaningless ", although he too acknowledged	acknowledged	VERB	that	SCONJ	 that
This aircraft also saw extensive application of composite and other materials, which both reduced the radar cross section (RCS) and weight. Moreover, Dassault opted to reject variable engine inlets and a dedicated air brake, which lessens maintenance loads and saves weight. The B01	B01	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
In some jurisdictions, asexuals have legal protections. While Brazil bans since 1999 whatever pathologization or attempted treatment of sexual orientation by mental health professionals through the national ethical code, the U.S. state of New York has labeled asexuals as a protected class. However, asexuality does	does	AUX	not	PART	 not
In Pan Am, Sleepy Hollow Country Club was the setting for much of the series ' third episode. In February and March 2013, the final three episodes of the first season of television show The Following were filmed in and around the former town of Ossining police	police	NOUN	station	NOUN	 station
Stevens then enrolled in the sophomore class at Dartmouth College in Hanover, New Hampshire. At Dartmouth, despite a stellar academic career, he was not elected to Phi Beta Kappa; this was reportedly a scarring experience for him. Stevens graduated from Dartmouth in 1814,	,	PUNCT	and	CCONJ	 and
The rest of her life was spent as a housewife in London. Jane was born in Marylebone into a wealthy family who owned an extensive library. Her mother gave birth to her when she was close to forty years old. Her father, who had spent much	much	ADJ	of	ADP	 of
German authorities looked on without intervening. The name Kristallnacht comes from the shards of broken glass that littered the streets after Jewish owned stores, buildings, and synagogues had their windows smashed. Estimates of the number of fatalities caused by the pogrom have varied. Early reporting	reporting	NOUN	estimated	VERB	 estimated
This analysis argues that, whereas the great European states (France and Spain) were absolutist monarchies, and others were under direct Church control, the independent city republics of Italy took over the principles of capitalism invented on monastic estates and set off a vast unprecedented commercial	commercial	ADJ	revolution	NOUN	 revolution
You have to look at hugely successful fiction authors such as Dan Brown or JK Rowling to find books that have sold more quickly on their first day. Mandelson may remain the prince but Blair has reclaimed his title as king, certainly in terms of book sales.	.	PUNCT	Blair	PROPN	 Blair
Many of the staff were fans of his work, and showrunners Bill Oakley and Josh Weinstein had planned to use him in an episode called " Lisa and Camp ", which revolved around Lisa " discovering the joys of campy things ". Their idea was combined with	with	ADP	Meyer	PROPN	 Meyer
Bamber said that he did, that he alerted police, and that Sheila fired the final shot while he and the officers were standing outside the house. It became a central plank of the prosecution's case that the father had made no such call, and that	that	SCONJ	the	DET	 the
Consequently, the films are only available via various BitTorrent trackers. Harmáček himself remarked: " I'm convinced that 99% of people who download this already bought Star Wars 10 times over on DVD. " As of November 2015, he has received no legal issues	issues	NOUN	from	ADP	 from
', and it was like whoa [...] this is trippy. After 20 seconds, it quickly fell apart and you realized how it actually works, and it wasn't that impressive. But it was still, for 20 seconds, really exciting. The	The	DET	more	ADJ	 more
It was the second annual event and took place on July 24, 2005, at the HSBC Arena in Buffalo, New York. The event featured wrestlers and other talent that performed on the SmackDown! program. The main event was Batista defending the World Heavyweight Championship	Championship	PROPN	against	ADP	 against
The kid's been doing it all his life, why mess with it? " At the college level, his coaches at the University of Michigan also accepted Robinson's practice. After learning that Robinson could run the 100 meters in 10.4 seconds with his shoes untied	untied	VERB	,	PUNCT	,
There were two entrances on the main (south) facade, one at ground level and another on the balcony. The entrances had double wooden doors, paneled below and glazed above. All of the building's windows consisted of wood framed, paired casement windows with	with	ADP	brick	NOUN	 brick
The launch method is a vertical hot launch from a sealed canister, providing all azimuth coverage. " Brown Hazelnut " also has missile maintenance and diagnostic capabilities. Israel initially produced the Arrow system domestically, but on February 11, 2003 IAI and Boeing signed an agreement	agreement	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
Work on the CF 103 stalled, with the maiden flight originally scheduled for the summer of 1952, postponed to mid 1953. With Cold War pressures mounting, the Canadian government demanded that production of the latest CF 100 fighter, as well as developing more advanced variants	variants	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
Honnen had health problems, and spent much of April, May and June 1943 in hospital before being ordered home on 18 June. He was replaced by Brigadier General Edwin D. Patrick, who had served on the staff of Admiral William F. Halsey in the South Pacific	Pacific	PROPN	Area	PROPN	 Area
Although no such requirement is included in the text of the legislation, Congressman John Linder has stated that the FairTax would be implemented as an inclusive tax, which would include the tax in the retail price, not added on at checkout — an item on the shelf	shelf	NOUN	for	ADP	 for
Also known as the grey necked picathartes, this passerine is mainly found in rocky areas of close canopied rainforest from south west Nigeria through Cameroon, Equatorial Guinea, and south west Gabon. It additionally lives on the island of Bioko. Its distribution is patchy, with	with	ADP	populations	NOUN	 populations
The latter not only refused, however, but took his letter straight to his uncle, who summoned his armies to Caesarea and had them proclaim him emperor in early summer. As Phokas ' army advanced across Asia Minor on Constantinople, Marianos then tried to stage a	a	DET	coup	NOUN	 coup
Also in the division was the XI Mechanized Infantry Brigade, which included the 6th Saboya Motorized Infantry Regiment, the 55th Uad Ras Mechanized Infantry Regiment, the XI Self Propelled Artillery Group, the XI Engineering Battalion and the XI Logistics Group. Finally, the division also	also	ADV	made	VERB	 made
Jimmy Vee, " a faithful friend of the show ", was recalled to the part of the Graske he first portrayed in the interactive episode " Attack of the Graske ". Murray Gold composed music especially for this short episode. Gold's Series 4 arrangement of	of	ADP	the	DET	 the
When the trading deadline was over, the Raptors became the youngest team in the league with an average age of 24.6. They had five rookies on their roster, including the 18 year old Tracy McGrady, who at the time was the youngest player in the NBA	NBA	PROPN	.	PUNCT	.
The road heads southeast into Salem County as an eight lane freeway maintained by the Delaware River and Bay Authority that passes through industrial areas. I 295 / US 40 interchanges with the southern terminus of US 130 and the western terminus of Route 49, where I 295	295	NUM	splits	NOUN	 splits
Kogălniceanu joined other National Liberals in expressing opposition to the trade convention Catargiu had signed with Austria Hungary, which was advantageous to the latter's exports, and which, they claimed, was leading Romanian industry to ruin. He accepted it while in office, but looked	looked	VERB	into	ADP	 into
Lyrically it talks explicitly about oral sex and cunnilingus through heavy innuendo in line with Beyoncé's sexual tone. It received positive reviews by music critics who hailed it as an old school album standout. Its variety of musical genres and production were also praised as well as	as	ADP	Beyoncé	PROPN	 Beyoncé
In his memoirs he also heavily criticised the commanding officers of the division, whose " military prowess and punctuality in carrying out orders was little more than irony ". Other post war authors argued that on August 13, when the first Russian forces appeared in front of	of	ADP	Radzymin	PROPN	 Radzymin
The album features guest appearances from fellow American rappers King Chip, Kendrick Lamar, Too Short, RZA and ASAP Rocky as well as appearances from American singer songwriters Father John Misty and Michael Bolton along with indie rock band Haim. During the early release of Indicud,	,	PUNCT	it	PRON	 it
In addition to showing Arts Club productions, the theatre is rented out for other purposes, including business and educational presentations, and has been used for comedy acts and concerts, such as Lorne Elliott, Francis Cabrel, and RyanDan. By 2005 du Maurier had withdrawn	withdrawn	VERB	as	ADP	 as
(Toronto: Auxiliary Bible Society, 1835). Discipline of the Wesleyan Methodist Church in Canada. Translated by Peter Jones, Indian Missionary. (Toronto: 1835). NUgUmouinUn genUnUgUmouat igiu anishinabeg anUmiajig. (Boston: Printed for the American Board of Commissioners for	for	ADP	Foreign	PROPN	 Foreign
E. angustifolium is protogynous. Sexual reproduction in Eriophorum angustifolium begins with flowering in spring or early summer (in or around May), when groups of 3 – 5 brown flowers are produced. Fertilisation usually takes place in May or June, via anemophily (wind pollination	pollination	NOUN	)	PUNCT	)
It contained two alternatives, each envisioning a prominent role for himself as commander. The first would use 80,000 men to invade Virginia through the Kanawha Valley toward Richmond. The second would use the same force to drive south instead, crossing the Ohio River into Kentucky and	and	CCONJ	Tennessee	PROPN	 Tennessee
It was released in the United States on 1 September 1998 by Scholastic — the American publisher of the books — as Harry Potter and the Sorcerer's Stone, after Rowling had received US $105,000 for the American rights — an unprecedented amount for a children's book	book	NOUN	by	ADP	 by
It did, however, criticise some police procedures and practices. The review did not comment on the discrepancies between Webster's confession and the forensic evidence, and it did not clarify whether forensic evidence was ever sent for testing. A representative for the Commission refused to	to	PART	comment	VERB	 comment
I said, ' OK, you've seen Thor and Loki be antagonistic for two films now. It would be amazing to see them fight side by side. I've been the bad guy now twice, so I can't be again, or otherwise I	I	PRON	should	AUX	 should
Meanwhile, after a failed mutiny aboard the Queen Anne's Revenge, Jack is forced to guide the crew to the Fountain. Blackbeard seeks the Fountain's power to circumvent his predestined fatal encounter with a " one legged man ", who happened to be Barbossa.	.	PUNCT	Jack	PROPN	 Jack
The women's team, skippered by 19 year old Eve Muirhead, entered the tournament ranked seventh in the world and beat world champions China in their opening match, but won just two of their remaining eight games to finish seventh in the group and miss out on	on	ADP	the	DET	 the
Like other animals with thick body walls, they use fluid circulation rather than diffusion to move substances through their bodies. The circulatory system consists of the rhynchocoel and peripheral vessels, while blood of other invertebrates is contained in the main body cavity. The fluid in the	the	DET	rhynchocoel	NOUN	 rhynchocoel
" The Way You Make Me Feel " became the album's third consecutive single to peak at number one on Billboard's Hot 100. The song primarily charted within the top ten and twenty internationally. " Man in the Mirror " then charted at number one on	on	ADP	Billboard	PROPN	 Billboard
One person was killed in Mauritius. After passing Mauritius, Firinga struck Réunion early on January 29 with wind gusts as strong as 216 km / h (134 mph). The storm dropped torrential rainfall in the southern portion of the island, including 24 ‑ hour	hour	NOUN	totals	NOUN	 totals
Along with large numbers of regular artillery pieces, super heavy 600 mm (24 in) Karl Gerät mortars and the 800 mm (31 in) " Dora " railway gun were brought in for the assault. A furious barrage began on the morning of 2 June	June	PROPN	1942	NUM	 1942
" The first segment, " The Devil and Homer Simpson ", was written by Daniels and McGrath. The first time Devil Flanders appears, he looks the same as the devil Chernabog from the 1940 Walt Disney produced film Fantasia; Silverman particularly admired the animation in	in	ADP	that	DET	 that
Similar treaties were also imposed on Greece and Entente allied Romania in exchange for their territorial enlargement, and on some of the nations defeated in the First World War (Hungary, Austria, Bulgaria, Turkey). At the same time, Albania, Lithuania, Estonia	Estonia	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
It premiered on the Fox network in the United States on October 3, 1997. The episode was written by Chip Johannessen and directed by Thomas J. Wright. " Sense and Antisense " featured guest appearances from Clarence Williams III and Ricky Harris. Millennium centers on offender	offender	NOUN	profiler	NOUN	 profiler
On the northeast bank of the creek, NY 175 turns east onto West Kennedy Street, a short connector between the creek and US 11. The route continues for three more blocks along the mostly residential street to US 11, where the east end of West Kennedy	Kennedy	PROPN	Street	PROPN	 Street
His area of advocacy (he was counsel for the defence in 83% of his cases) and style is considered key by Beattie in establishing the " new school " of advocacy; his aggressive style in defence set a new style for advocates to follow that assisted	assisted	VERB	in	ADP	 in
Before they had departed, their orders were changed and they were sent to China aboard the USS Solace to help put down the Boxer Rebellion. Once in China, Butler was initially deployed at Tientsin. He took part in the Battle of Tientsin on July 13,	,	PUNCT	1900	NUM	 1900
In the last three hours of the Test, Armstrong decided to rest his key bowlers and allowed his part time bowlers to rotate as they pleased and fielders to configure themselves. During this time, Armstrong picked up a newspaper that had been blown across the field and	and	CCONJ	began	VERB	 began
In the 1950s, the Armour Hot Dog Co. purified 1 kg of pure bovine pancreatic ribonuclease A and made it freely available to scientists; this gesture helped ribonuclease A become a major target for biochemical study for the following decades. Linus Pauling is credited with the successful	successful	ADJ	prediction	NOUN	 prediction
In Costa Rica, the Ballena Marine National Park is designed for humpback protection. Areas where population data are limited and the species may be at higher risk include the Arabian Sea, the western North Pacific Ocean, the west coast of Africa and parts of Oceania.	.	PUNCT	The	DET	 The
It was intended that the battery could remain under siege for up to three months, with sufficient rations and generator fuel kept on site for this event; the water supply came from an aquifer and could not be interrupted. It was a remarkable structure, and it	it	PRON	featured	VERB	 featured
Goodman is best remembered today for having created the Order of the Arrow (OA), a popular and highly successful program of the BSA that continues to honor Scouts for their cheerful service. Since its founding in 1915, the Order of the Arrow has grown to	to	PART	become	VERB	 become
As the Supreme Commander in Chief of the Belarusian Armed Forces, the President has the duty to protect the Belarusian territory from internal and external forces. The president can call for a state of emergency in the following cases: natural disasters, a catastrophe, or unrest	unrest	NOUN	involving	VERB	 involving
M 28 was expanded eastward to the Sault Ste. Marie area in the late 1920s. The western end has been expanded twice to different locations on the Wisconsin state line. Other changes along the routing have led to the creation of three different business loops at various	various	ADJ	times	NOUN	 times
Abigail Adams, on the other hand, vocally opposed slavery. Throughout his lifetime Adams expressed controversial and shifting views regarding the virtues of monarchical and hereditary political institutions. At times he conveyed substantial support for these approaches, suggesting for example that " hereditary monarchy or aristocracy	aristocracy	NOUN	"	PUNCT	 "
Diarmuid Marsden was controversially sent off in the second half following an off the ball incident, leaving Armagh with only fourteen players. Marsden had been arguing with Conor Gormley when he was approached by Philip Jordan. Marsden raised his arm and made contact with Jordan, who	who	PRON	fell	VERB	 fell
While insects and the coconut crab originate from different paths, the same need to detect smells in the air led to the development of remarkably similar organs. Coconut crabs flick their antennae as insects do to enhance their reception. They have an excellent sense of smell and	and	CCONJ	can	AUX	 can
Israeli Phantoms saw extensive combat during Arab – Israeli conflicts, first seeing action during the War of Attrition. In the 1980s, Israel began the " Kurnass 2000 " modernization program which significantly updated avionics. The last Israeli F 4s were retired in 2004. From 1968	1968	NUM	,	PUNCT	,
The outer surface may be partially covered with small flakelike patches of tissue. When viewed with a magnifying glass, the " hairs " (fungal hyphae) making up the outer velvety surface are variable in length, and are thick walled, blunt, and appear to	to	PART	wind	VERB	 wind
The split would ultimately prove acrimonious as Kohlberg sued Kravis and Roberts for what he alleged were improper business tactics. The case was later settled out of court. Instead, Kohlberg chose to return to his roots, acquiring smaller, middle market companies and in 1987,	,	PUNCT	he	PRON	 he
The asymmetrical caudal fin has a well developed lower lobe and a longer upper lobe with a ventral notch near the tip. The skin is densely covered by overlapping dermal denticles, each bearing three to five horizontal ridges leading to marginal teeth. This species is bronze to	to	PART	brownish	VERB	 brownish
She saw service in the American Revolutionary, French Revolutionary and Napoleonic Wars, and fought in many of the major naval battles of those conflicts. She is remembered as being Nelson's favourite ship, and was named after the mythical ancient Greek king Agamemnon, being the	the	DET	first	ADJ	 first
That is the operative principle in all capitalist countries... One thing is for sure: Current prices [roughly US $60 / bbl] do not support all producers. A year later, when OPEC met in Vienna on 4 December 2015, the organization had exceeded	exceeded	VERB	its	PRON	 its
Group D, finally, was tasked with advancing south from its landing point to close off an escape route that ran between the sea and an inland lagoon towards the city of Hué. Landing at 04: 30, the group made quick progress through the beach and	and	CCONJ	dunes	NOUN	 dunes
The thermal wind is the difference in the geostrophic wind between two levels in the atmosphere. It exists only in an atmosphere with horizontal temperature gradients. The ageostrophic wind component is the difference between actual and geostrophic wind, which is responsible for air " filling up "	"	PUNCT	cyclones	NOUN	 cyclones
As scholar Marcia Ann Gillespie writes, Angelou had " fallen in love with poetry " during her early childhood in Stamps, Arkansas. After her rape at the age of eight, which she depicted in Caged Bird, Angelou memorized and studied great works of literature,	,	PUNCT	including	VERB	 including
" Warner Bros. reacted to de Havilland's lawsuit by circulating a letter to other studios that had the effect of a " virtual blacklisting ". As a consequence, de Havilland did not work at a film studio for nearly two years. De Havilland became a naturalized	naturalized	ADJ	citizen	NOUN	 citizen
In that battle the 198th Tank Battalion failed to reach the battle on time because its tank crews struggled to navigate their tank equipment through the rough local terrain. However, as soon as the PT 76 tanks of the 198th Tank Battalion turned up at Bane Houei Sane	Sane	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
He said the issue of Ukrainian membership of NATO might " emerge at some point, but we will not see it in the immediate future. " While visiting Brussels in March 2010, he further stated that there would be no change to Ukraine's status as a	a	DET	member	NOUN	 member
The game is depicted in flat, plain colors, with no pause feature and no option menu other than Game Center achievements. Players navigate between puzzles using three small onscreen icons. There are no in app purchases or in game advertisements. Blek was built for iOS	iOS	NOUN	by	ADP	 by
On 12 May, Brilliant was sailed for Freetown, Sierra Leone where she served as a local escort and searched for German blockade runners and supply ships until returning home in April 1942 for a refit at Chatham. On 4 and 5 June, the ship, together	together	ADV	with	ADP	 with
Concurrently, a deep altitude disturbance a few hundred miles east of Bermuda began to erode the southern edge of the high pressure ridge that Fred had circumnavigated for most of its journey. This changed the steering pattern in the region, turning the depression abruptly to the north	north	NOUN	on	ADP	 on
Several vanadium alloys show superconducting behavior. The first A15 phase superconductor was a vanadium compound, V3Si, which was discovered in 1952. Vanadium gallium tape is used in superconducting magnets (17.5 teslas or 175,000 gauss). The structure of the superconducting A15 phase of V3Ga	V3Ga	NOUN	is	AUX	 is
Critics such as the reviewer from The New York Times believed that Kubrick's professionalism as a photographer shone through in the picture, and that he " artistically caught glimpses of the grotesque attitudes of death, the wolfishness of hungry men, as well as their bestiality,	,	PUNCT	and	CCONJ	 and
The music of Nier was composed by Keiichi Okabe with members of his studio, Monaca, Kakeru Ishihama and Keigo Hoashi, and Takafumi Nishimura of Cavia. The soundtrack has inspired the release of four official albums by Square Enix — an official soundtrack album and three albums	albums	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
Spang also owns an old Western ghost town, named Spectreville, restored to be his own private holiday retreat. At the hotel Bond finally receives payment through a rigged blackjack game where the dealer is Tiffany. After winning the money he is owed he disobeys his orders	orders	NOUN	from	ADP	 from
As a writer for The Athenaeum put it, " We think that we can fairly make out the account between the cost and results of these Arctic Expeditions, and ask whether it is worth while to risk so much for that which is so difficult of attainment,	,	PUNCT	and	CCONJ	 and
At 24, Burke was the youngest person in Chicago's history to become a ward committeeman, a position he has held ever since. The 14th Ward Democrats slated the young Burke as the Democratic candidate in a special election called for on March 11, 1969 to	to	PART	fill	VERB	 fill
One suggestion is that he may have been a member of the Crovan dynasty. One man of the name is known to have been a son of Guðrøðr Óláfsson, although nothing more is known of him, and it is unlikely that a man born before 1187 would	would	AUX	have	AUX	 have
The enlarged claw is equally likely to be on the right side or the left side. The male's larger claw is thought to be used in agonistic encounters or during mating, and may be the result of sexual selection. Eggs are laid in spring or early	early	ADJ	summer	NOUN	 summer
In any case, by June his fellow officers had made up their mind as to the next president. After talks with unionists, civil servants, and academics, they " entrust [ed] the reins of power to Émile Derlin Zinsou for at least five years	years	NOUN	"	PUNCT	 "
" Writing for the San Francisco Chronicle, Terrence O'Flaherty labeled the documentary " a dreadful little program... deadly for everyone it touches ". Nationally, a spokesperson for the National Gay Task Force condemned the documentary for its premise of gays wanting political power for purposes of	of	ADP	having	VERB	 having
After Baghdad, in 1260 the Mongols with their Christian subjects conquered Muslim Syria, domain of the Ayyubid dynasty. They took together the city of Aleppo in January, and in March, the Mongols with the Armenians and the Franks of Antioch took Damascus, under the	the	DET	Christian	PROPN	 Christian
During a routine liposuction operation in Chicago, Dr. Harrison Lloyd (John Juliani) suddenly begins to violently remove such large amounts of fat from a patient that the patient dies. Following the unusual experience, Lloyd tells Fox Mulder (David Duchovny) that he killed the	the	DET	patient	NOUN	 patient
Over 1,000,000 orders had been placed for 32X units, but Sega had only managed to ship 600,000 units by January 1995. Launching at about the same price as a Genesis console, the price of the 32X was less than half of what the Saturn's price would	would	AUX	be	AUX	 be
The player controls the young mercenary Edge, who flies a powerful dragon. Gameplay is divided into three modes: traversing large areas on the dragon, battling enemies, and exploring on foot. The game uses a random encounter system, whereby battles are triggered randomly as	as	SCONJ	the	DET	 the
Harvey Postlethwaite, who was hired by Ferrari to design the follow on and much more successful 126C2 that won the Constructors ' Championship in 1982, later commented on the 126C: " That car... had literally one quarter of the downforce that, say Williams or Brabham	Brabham	PROPN	had	VERB	 had
Take That, Westlife and JLS all performed on the sixth results show, and Olly Murs performed on the seventh. Week eight featured performances from Justin Bieber, The Wanted and Nicole Scherzinger. The cast of Glee performed on the semi final on 5 December, along	along	ADP	with	ADP	 with
The Headquarters Section used a sequence of letters arranged in a square (see photo of " Louise "). The Rhodesian ' S ' Patrol vehicles had names with a Rhodesian connection (such as ' Salisbury ') painted on the left side of the vehicles '	'	PART	bonnets	NOUN	 bonnets
There, however, Keldorf was sacked for a three yard loss. After the sack, Keldorf completed a 21 yard pass to Crumpler for a first down at the 13 yard line. Keldorf then attempted to scramble for a gain, but was stopped for no gain	gain	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
Sport England wished to avoid creating a white elephant, so they insisted that the City Council agree to undertake and fund extensive work to convert CoMS from a track and field arena to a football stadium, thereby ensuring its long term financial viability. Sport England hoped either	either	CCONJ	Manchester	PROPN	 Manchester
The division spent most of 1915 dispersed, with the majority located across North Wales with units training at Pwllheli, Colwyn Bay, Llandudno and Rhyl, although some units were based in the south at Abergavenny. At these locations, the men undertook basic training, were	were	AUX	drilled	VERB	 drilled
Also, it allows Newtonian versions of exact solutions such as the Friedmann – Lemaître models or the Gödel universe to be constructed. Since its inception, ideas Ehlers introduced in the context of his frame theory have found important applications in the study of both the Newtonian limit	limit	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
As British forces on the southeast coast of Britain regrouped, remanned and repaired following heavy losses at Zeebrugge, Keyes planned a return to Ostend with the intention of blocking the canal and consequently severing Bruges from the sea, closing the harbour and trapping the 18 U boats	boats	NOUN	and	CCONJ	 and
Seaborg's theoretical development of the actinide concept resulted in a redrawing of the Periodic Table of the Elements into its current configuration with the actinide series appearing below the lanthanide series. Seaborg developed the chemical elements americium and curium while in Chicago. He managed to secure patents	patents	NOUN	for	ADP	 for
Lashly described the dry valley as " a splendid place for growing spuds ". The party reached Discovery on 24 December, after a round trip of seven hundred miles covered in 59 days. Their daily average of over 14 miles on this man hauling journey was significantly	significantly	ADV	better	ADJ	 better
At the eastern fringe of Batavia, NY 33 splits in a northeast direction from NY 5, becoming Clinton Street, and, once outside the city limits, Clinton Street Road. In the town of Batavia, the highway passes through a residential area on its way	way	NOUN	to	ADP	 to
A version for PlayStation Vita, titled Ninja Gaiden Sigma Plus, was released in North America and Europe on February 22, 2012. Ninja Gaiden was released to much critical acclaim. Greg Kasavin of GameSpot called it " one of the best most challenging action adventure games	games	NOUN	ever	ADV	 ever
There is limited agricultural activity within the town limits. The secondary sector involves manufacturing and construction, whose growth has remained stable over the decades. There are a number of oil mills, rice mills and agro based industries within the Tiruvannamalai town limits. The tertiary sector	sector	NOUN	activities	NOUN	 activities
While the initial reason for her being there was to look at some clothing for him, she was determined to appear on the album. While at the studio, she purposely hummed loud enough for West to hear her. West was impressed by her singing ability and	and	CCONJ	by	ADP	 by
On 15 December 2009 the British government announced its Future Helicopter Strategy including the purchase of 24 new build Chinooks, 22 to expand the force and two to replace losses in Afghanistan, to be delivered to the Royal Air Force from 2012. The number of additional Chinooks	Chinooks	PROPN	was	AUX	 was
The party encountered thousands of birds near the Shark River, " killing hundreds, but they continued to return ". Willoughby pointed out that much of the rest of the country had been mapped and explored except for this part of Florida, writing, " (w	w	PROPN	)	PUNCT	)
IGN similarly praised it as one of the top ten most influential games of all time. Subsequent games that follow this formula of driving and shooting in a free roaming level have been called Grand Theft Auto clones. Other critics, however, likened Grand Theft Auto III	III	PROPN	to	ADP	 to
In November 2010, Billboard released its " Top 50 R & B / Hip Hop Artists of the Past 25 Years " list and ranked her at number five. She ranks as the top artist on the chart with 15 number ones in the past twenty five years	years	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
According to the Daily Mirror, Belle is Disney's second most iconic character, describing her as a " portrait of bravery, teaching us to look beyond appearances and stand up for what we believe in. " Meanwhile, PopMatters ranked Belle Disney's second best hero	hero	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
Both companies were interested in producing the show with minor changes: Granada wished to produce it as one six part serial, as opposed to Davies ' plan of two three part serials; and Home was interested in accepting the show on the condition it included a new	new	ADJ	cast	NOUN	 cast
" Stephen Whitty of the Newark Star Ledger gave the film three out of four stars, saying " Fresh family fun. Although there are those slightly noxious images of rodents scampering around a kitchen, the movie doesn't stoop to kid pandering jokes based on back talk	talk	NOUN	and	CCONJ	 and
Guy Green, film director, screenwriter, and cinematographer, who won an Oscar for Great Expectations in the last category, was born at 4 Portway in Frome in 1913. Alice Seeley Harris, pioneering documentary photographer, missionary and human rights activist, born in Frome	Frome	PROPN	in	ADP	 in
Massive fireplaces with elaborate overmantels were carved and installed, a castle in the Library and mermaids and sea monsters of the deep in his own bedroom. His brother in law, Pullan, wrote that " Chaucer and Tennyson's poems were Mr Burges ' chief text books	books	NOUN	when	SCONJ	 when
New Jersey does not consider municipal ordinances to be criminal offenses, and so open container laws can not be enforced in federal enclaves under the Assimilative Crimes Act. Public consumption of alcohol is allowed on federal lands, except when in an automobile, or when the park	park	NOUN	superintendent	NOUN	 superintendent
The Guitar Grip provides a strap to hold the game unit while providing the player with four fret buttons; the player uses the fret buttons in combination with using the stylus to simulate strumming on the touch sensitive screen of the DS. Each game features more than 25	25	NUM	songs	NOUN	 songs
God of War creator and game director David Jaffe attempted to create a character that looked brutal, but did not resemble a typical traditional Greek hero. The character would not wear traditional armor as Jaffe wanted him to be individualistic. Although the idea of using a fully	fully	ADV	masked	VERB	 masked
The Mississippi class ships were smaller than the several preceding classes of U.S. battleships. They were designed in an attempt to reduce the rapid growth in the size and cost of U.S. battleships. Also, a theory existed among influential naval leaders, including Dewey and Mahan,	,	PUNCT	that	SCONJ	 that
Typically, tropical cyclones will undergo extratropical transition after recurving polewards, and typically become fully extratropical after reaching 45 – 50 ˚ of latitude. The majority of extratropical cyclones tend to restrengthen after completing the transition period. Areas within approximately ten degrees latitude of the equator do	do	AUX	not	PART	 not
Statements from Scientology spokeswoman Karin Pouw labelled the Arbitration ruling as a routine matter, and maintained there were still " gross inaccuracies " on the article on Scientology. In a statement to CNN, Pouw denied the presence of an organized campaign by the Church of Scientology to	to	PART	manipulate	VERB	 manipulate
Known for much of their length as Philadelphia Road, there are five disjoint mainline sections of the highway totaling 40.23 miles (64.74 km) that parallel U.S. Route 40 (US 40) in Baltimore, Harford, and Cecil counties in northeastern Maryland. The longest section	section	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
Richard knew that the charge of his knights needed to be reserved until the Ayyubid army was fully committed, closely engaged, and the Saracens ' horses had begun to tire. Goaded beyond endurance, the Master and another knight, Baldwin de Carron, thrust their way	way	NOUN	through	ADP	 through
In response, the AAU founded an American Olympic Association as a separate group, although it was still initially dominated by AAU representatives — it then selected the AOC. In 1928, on the resignation of then AOA president General Douglas MacArthur, Brundage was elected president of	of	ADP	the	DET	 the
Parker and Stone also said they would not write another script until the network signed off on the full show with a season of at least six episodes. Comedy Central liked the script and agreed to commit to a series. While " Cartman Gets an Anal Probe "	"	PUNCT	was	AUX	 was
Following the Hurricanes ' punt, Tech's offense began work at its 22 yard line. Despite having a chance to take the lead with a successful drive, the Hokies also went three and out, punting back to Miami and allowing the Hurricanes to begin a possession	possession	NOUN	at	ADP	 at
Scully also stated that Willard was " great fun " to have on the show. Wally Kogen's name is taken from two former writers on The Simpsons; the character's first name, Wally, is taken from Wallace Wolodarsky, and the character's last name	name	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
Bright Tunes Music v. Harrisongs Music finally went to the United States district court on 23 February 1976, to hear evidence on the allegation of plagiarism. Harrison attended the proceedings in New York, with a guitar, and each side called musical experts to support its argument	argument	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
Tonelli predicted that he could have won eight Commonwealth Games gold medals and possibly set a world record in the 200 m backstroke if he had not been expelled. In 1979 Tonelli failed to defend his US title in the 100 m backstroke, but managed third in the	the	DET	event	NOUN	 event
Rainilaiarivony built the Andafiavaratra Palace in 1873 as his residence and office at a site near the royal palace. The French military invaded Antananarivo in September 1894, prompting the queen's surrender after a cannon shell blasted a hole through a building at the Rova, causing major	major	ADJ	casualties	NOUN	 casualties
Quinn, Santana, and Brittany attempt to recruit new members by performing in Cheerios Alumni outfits, but only recruit twins Mason and Madison when former Glee new member, Kitty, who was the only member not to be transferred as Sue saw her as a star player	player	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
In 1963, the US 131 freeway opened on the west side of Kalamazoo. Along with the creation of Bus. US 131 along a portion of the BL I 94 routing, BL I 94 was rerouted along the US 131 freeway on the west end back to	to	ADP	I	PRON	 I
His politics — he " was anything but politically correct " — did not mesh well with Australia's leftist atmosphere. He wrote indignantly to a friend in the United States that he regretted moving to Australia when the authorities confiscated his muzzle loaders, which were prohibited "	"	PUNCT	Down	ADP	 Down
At the end of the three day symposium at Studio 35 in 1950, Alfred Barr challenged the group to name themselves, to which de Kooning responded: " it is disastrous to name ourselves ". Pollock, on his part, refused to sign the Times letter	letter	NOUN	unless	SCONJ	 unless
An important scene in the episode regarded Faraday's experiment and the resulting time differential. The scene set up a prominent theme of " time travel " for later episodes. In the episode's respective podcast, Lost's show runners Carlton Cuse and Damon Lindelof further discussed	discussed	VERB	the	DET	 the
First published in the July 1924 issue of literary magazine The Dial, it was later included in the 1931 edition of Stevens ' Harmonium. Each of the five stanzas begins with the line " In that November off Tehuantepec " and is a different portrayal of the surface	surface	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
It starts at south of the park and runs north between two lakes in the area and through the community of Interlochen to US Highway 31 (US 31) in Grand Traverse County. The highway was first shown without a number label on maps in 1930 and labelled	labelled	VERB	after	ADP	 after
This victory restored the image of French superiority and led to an increase in tribal submissions, the withdrawal of Said's forces further into the mountains and a six month period of relative peace. In recognition of this Garnier Duplessix was promoted to major general. The peace	peace	NOUN	was	AUX	 was
This explanation has been widely accepted. Suicide has also often been considered an option, motives being Amy Dudley's depression or mortal illness. Elizabeth remained close with Dudley and he, with her blessing and on her prompting, pursued his suit for her hand in an	an	DET	atmosphere	NOUN	 atmosphere
1923) is an American former college and high school football coach. As head coach of Richard Montgomery High School, his teams compiled an 86 – 10 – 1 record and six undefeated seasons. After a successful career at the high school level, he served as	as	ADP	the	DET	 the
On August 30, the hurricane was posthumously estimated to have been a strong Category 2 hurricane. On September 2, Charlie turned to the north and northeast. At the time, it co existed with two other hurricanes, Dog and Easy; it is a rare	rare	ADJ	occurrence	NOUN	 occurrence
Hudema was critical of the U.S.-led invasion of Iraq, which he called " an occupation by a rogue state ". He has also attributed the invasion to North America's " addiction to oil ". Hudema opposes most trade liberalization, and protested at both the Free	Free	PROPN	Trade	PROPN	 Trade
The Pumerantz Library provides a diabetes education program to the community in a partnership with the Pomona Public Library. The project aims to help Spanish speaking members of the community access reliable information about diabetes. The main campus of WesternU is located in downtown Pomona, California,	,	PUNCT	with	ADP	 with
Only a handful of settlements have been established on the bay. The town of Carancahua first formed as a small collection of cabins that were used in the 1880s as a stop for mail between Texana and Matagorda. However, the bay's propensity for flooding and malaria	malaria	NOUN	prevented	VERB	 prevented
" From the Bottom of My Broken Heart " received mixed to positive reviews from music critics. Amanda Murray of Sputnikmusic considered the song a competent, but unremarkable single. Kyle Anderson of MTV criticized its lyrics, deeming it as " another rejection ballad that references kissing	kissing	VERB	but	CCONJ	 but
It's sad, in a way, because he ’ s isolated, like the Beast of the fairy tale trapped in his castle. But Dain is not pitiful by any means: He ’ s smart, cynical, and sarcastic, with a sharp eye for	for	ADP	the	DET	 the
" Africa researcher Alex de Waal accused the film of " peddling dangerous and patronizing falsehoods, " criticized the campaign as " naive " for " elevating Kony to a global celebrity, the embodiment of evil, " that might only help him as a terrorist and cult	cult	NOUN	leader	NOUN	 leader
The creators added furigana subscript to indicate they wanted it read " otome " meaning " young maiden ". Additionally, furigana was added above お姉さま (onee sama) to indicate that they wanted it read " boku ". Despite the different kanji, the official reading	reading	NOUN	is	AUX	 is
The two begin furtively meeting, often taking long walks at the port Tanjung Priok. When Tini goes to Surakarta to attend a women's congress, Tono decides to stay at Yah's house for a week. While at Yah's, Tono and Yah discuss their	their	PRON	pasts	NOUN	 pasts
Even though company doctors had already cleared him as healthy enough to perform, Cirque du Soleil alleged that due to the nature of Cusick's disease coupled with his job's high risk of injury, there was a significant risk of his infecting other performers, crew or	or	CCONJ	audience	NOUN	 audience
He then led a small army from Cambridge, Massachusetts to Quebec City on an expedition through the wilderness of present day Maine, where he was wounded in the climactic Battle of Quebec on December 31, 1775. After leading an ineffectual siege of Quebec until April 1776	1776	NUM	,	PUNCT	,
We go more into the relationships, how it affects people around ". Steele backed this up, saying " We wanted gay to be part of Chris's character, not Chris to be the gay character. He's not your typical gay stereotype that some TV	TV	NOUN	shows	VERB	 shows
It was originally thought to infect fish brains (hence the specific epithet cerebralis) and nervous systems, though it soon was found to primarily infect cartilage and skeletal tissue. Attempts to change the name to Myxobolus chondrophagus, which would more accurately describe the organism, failed	failed	VERB	because	SCONJ	 because
It features production from Aftermath Entertainment producer DJ Khalil, who helped write the song along with Eminem, Erik Alcock, and Columbus " Rahki " Smith. Upon the release of Recovery, the song received generally positive reviews from music critics, who praised its aggressive nature	nature	NOUN	and	CCONJ	 and
Her engine was a T.3 cylinder from C. D. Holmes & Co Ltd., also of Hull. Following completion and registration, the Rudyard Kipling began fishing off of the coast of Ireland and Great Britain. In May 1934, the trawler was sold to The Sun Steam	Steam	PROPN	Trawling	PROPN	 Trawling
From the 1985 album Dare to Be Stupid. " This Is the Life " (Yankovic) – 3: 06 Style parody of 1920s and 1930s music; the singer brags about his lavish lifestyle. From the 1985 album Dare to Be Stupid. Theme to the	the	DET	Michael	PROPN	 Michael
It followed Burruss and her record producers as they attempted to launch the music careers of undiscovered artists, although it was confirmed in 2013 that the series was canceled after airing one season. After reconciling with her ex husband Gregg, Leakes received her own spin off series	series	NOUN	I	PRON	 I
Ten Australian aircraft bombed Mafrak between 06: 00 and 08: 00. The railway station, a long train and several dumps were destroyed, and the railway was completely blocked. A number of trains continued to arrive at Mafrak from Amman during the day, but	but	CCONJ	each	PRON	 each
They meet various characters from Chrono Trigger along the way, including Masamune, Lavos, Gaspar, Ozzie, Slash and Flea. In 1998, the chapters of the series were released as a tankōbon. The music of the Chrono series was mainly composed by Yasunori Mitsuda	Mitsuda	PROPN	.	PUNCT	.
Angelou told her friend Oprah Winfrey that the call requesting her to write and recite the poem came from television producer Harry Thomason, who organized the inauguration, shortly after Clinton's election. Even though she suspected that Clinton made the request because " he understood that I	I	PRON	am	AUX	 am
In animals, proteins are needed in the diet to provide the essential amino acids that can not be synthesized. Digestion breaks the proteins down for use in the metabolism. Proteins may be purified from other cellular components using a variety of techniques such as ultracentrifugation, precipitation	precipitation	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
The total length of a composite skeletal mount in the Museum für Naturkunde Berlin, Germany, from the tip of the snout to the tip of the tail is 4.5 m (15 ft). Slightly more than half of this length is made up by the tail	tail	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
The International Prototype Kilogram was commissioned by the General Conference on Weights and Measures (CGPM) under the authority of the Metre Convention (1875), and in the custody of the International Bureau of Weights and Measures (BIPM) who hold it on behalf of the	the	DET	CGPM	PROPN	 CGPM
It was claimed that Perrins had lifted 896 pounds (406 kg) of iron with ease, and he was " universally allowed to possess much skill and excellent bottom ". That is, it was acknowledged that he was skilful and courageous. The physical mismatch was	was	AUX	later	ADV	 later
Most caecilians live underground in burrows in damp soil, in rotten wood and under plant debris, but some are aquatic. Most species lay their eggs underground and when the larvae hatch, they make their way to adjacent bodies of water. Others brood their eggs and	and	CCONJ	the	DET	 the
But Holden was initially unimpressed with Lin's on court abilities, and told Lin's high school basketball coach, Peter Diepenbrock, that Lin was a " Division III player ". Later that week, Holden saw Lin playing in a much more competitive game, driving	driving	VERB	to	ADP	 to
Other sources put the dimensions as 1.5 miles (2.4 km) long, and 1,000 yards (910 m) deep. Two of the central positions, Quinn's and Courtnay's Posts, had a steep cliff to the rear of the ANZAC trenches. In places	places	NOUN	the	DET	 the
Sparrow wants it to convince Jones to call off the Kraken. Norrington escapes with the heart amid a battle with Jones's crew, and Jones summons the Kraken. Realizing Sparrow is the target, Elizabeth traps him aboard the Black Pearl as the crew abandons the ship	ship	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
Unlike previous Wilco and Uncle Tupelo recordings, the album featured a lot of overdubbing with Pro Tools. Stirratt and Coomer were concerned with the production, since it reduced their involvement in the music. According to Stirratt: The story of Summerteeth is Jay bought a Mellotron	Mellotron	PROPN	and	CCONJ	 and
With occasional personnel changes, the sextet continued performing into 1951. In the same year, the location for Tristano's lessons shifted from his home in Flushing, Long Island to a Manhattan loft property, part of which he had converted into a recording studio. This	This	PRON	also	ADV	 also
A county was divided into several districts, the latter composed of a group of hamlets, each containing about a hundred families. The heads of provinces, whose official title was changed from Inspector to Governor and vice versa several times during Han, were responsible for inspecting	inspecting	VERB	several	ADJ	 several
" Guernsey's Chief Minister stated " the directors of Landsbanki Guernsey took appropriate steps by putting the bank into administration. " The FME placed Landsbanki in receivership early on 7 October. A press release from the FME stated that all of Landsbanki's domestic branches, call	call	NOUN	centres	NOUN	 centres
Back in 2003, he had left HAL Laboratory, the company that was in charge with the franchises ' development and was never informed of this announcement despite the fact shortly after resigning from the company, Iwata said if a new game was to be made, he	he	PRON	would	AUX	 would
He was deeply considering converting to Catholicism, discussing the possibility with clergy several times. In 1877, Wilde was left speechless after an audience with Pope Pius IX in Rome. He eagerly read Cardinal Newman's books, and became more serious in 1878, when he	he	PRON	met	VERB	 met
For much of the 4th century, Roman society stabilised in a new form that differed from the earlier classical period, with a widening gulf between the rich and poor, and a decline in the vitality of the smaller towns. Another change was the Christianisation, or	or	CCONJ	conversion	NOUN	 conversion
McCay is a controversial figure in Australian history. Disagreement about his significance and reputation began before his death and continues to the present. General Sir Brudenell White considered McCay to be " one of the greatest soldiers that ever served Australia, greater even than Monash. "	"	PUNCT	McCay	PROPN	 McCay
But it doesn't look good. " Sam Clark said that Ringo and Donna's love for each other is very strong, but he was not sure if it was strong enough to survive a betrayal. Robbie and Clark also said that the couple were heading in	in	ADP	different	ADJ	 different
The production team had to be mindful of the series ' budget when planning the effects and sets; Chibnall commented that " it would be very easy to spend £300 m on this but we don ’ t have it ". As such, the dinosaurs could	could	AUX	not	PART	 not
He found that many of the children were fully occupied helping their families in summer and only attended school in winter. Two places of worship were built within a couple of years of each other, a Baptist chapel in 1877 and a Church of Scotland church in 1878	1878	NUM	(	PUNCT	 (
Indian Battle Park, in the coulees of the Oldman River, commemorates the last battle between the Cree and the Blackfoot First Nations in 1870. Originally known as Fort Hamilton, Fort Whoop Up was a centre of illegal activities during the late 19th century. It was	was	AUX	first	ADV	 first
Harvey made his first class debut in 1947 48, but performed poorly, and did not play a match in the following summer, and for the two subsequent seasons, he played in only three games. In 1951 52 he made five appearances, gaining selection only	only	ADV	when	SCONJ	 when
He praised the lyrics for not being overwritten and commended their " emotional punch " and " very strong melody " which he said can make people feel that they have always known the song. Pitchfork Media's Ryan Dombal called " If I Were a Boy " an	an	PRON	"	PUNCT	 "
In April 1900, Wong travelled 13 days up the Rajang River before he decided to choose Sibu as the new settlement for his Foochow clansmen, because the area near Rajang delta would be suitable for growing crops. An agreement was signed on 9 July 1900 between Wong	Wong	PROPN	Nai	PROPN	 Nai
This lowered the tide head to Old Ford, and prevented large boats sailing the river until the 15th century. During the reign of King Henry I between 1100 and 1118, his wife Queen Matilda (or Maud), on hearing of the problems of crossing the	the	DET	river	NOUN	 river
Bostaph left Slayer shortly after the album's recording to work on his own project, Truth About Seafood. With Bostaph's departure, Slayer recruited Testament drummer Jon Dette, and headlined the 1996 Ozzfest alongside Ozzy Osbourne, Danzig, Biohazard, Sepultura, and Fear Factory	Factory	PROPN	.	PUNCT	.
Other professors at the Academia, originating in several historical regions, were Ion Ghica, Eftimie Murgu, and Ion Ionescu de la Brad. Kogălniceanu's introductory speech was partly prompted by Sturdza's refusal to give him imprimatur, and amounted to a revolutionary project. Among	Among	ADP	other	ADJ	 other
It is an example of the Severn Cotswold tomb and was scheduled as an ancient monument in 1882. It was one of the initial monuments included when the Ancient Monuments Protection Act 1882 became law. The chambered long barrow was built around 3500 BC. Excavations in the	the	DET	early	ADJ	 early
It produced a hit single in the Motown inspired " You ", originally recorded in London in 1971 with co producer Phil Spector. The album also includes " This Guitar (Can't Keep from Crying) ", which was both a sequel to Harrison's 1968	1968	NUM	Beatles	NOUN	 Beatles
Later on in the same essay, she commented that Brandon both embodied and rejected traditional masculinity, providing a new outlook on what it means to be a man which excited and thrilled the women in the film: " Brandon ’ s performance of masculinity, however,	,	PUNCT	can	AUX	 can
Series regulars Peter Shin and James Purdum acted as supervising directors of the episode, with Andrew Goldberg and Alex Carter working as staff writers for the episode. The episode saw the fourth re appearance, the first being an equally brief appearance in " Spies Reminiscent of Us	Us	PROPN	"	PUNCT	 "
The local media claimed that the ransom was paid by Kaladze's family, although another source says that Kaladze's father attempted to meet the kidnappers, who fled as they believed he was followed by the police. Two men were sentenced to prison for the murder:	:	PUNCT	David	PROPN	 David
During this time, a limited number of women were allowed to attend classes but forbidden from gaining a degree. During World War I, 49% of A & M graduates were in military service, and in 1918, the senior class was mustered into military service	service	NOUN	to	PART	 to
They're more funny, or humorous, or something ". In the book Off Limits: Rutgers University and the Avant garde, 1957 1963, the piece was described as a " humorous, Cubist abstraction of the currency ". Discussing the piece after edition 10	10	NUM	was	AUX	 was
The innate immune system is the dominant system of host defense in most organisms. Several barriers protect organisms from infection, including mechanical, chemical, and biological barriers. The waxy cuticle of many leaves, the exoskeleton of insects, the shells and membranes of externally deposited	deposited	VERB	eggs	NOUN	 eggs
Harper emerged a prominent member of the Reform Party caucus. He was active on constitutional issues during his first parliament, and played a prominent role in drafting the Reform Party's strategy for the 1995 Quebec referendum. A long standing opponent of centralized federalism, he stood	stood	VERB	with	ADP	 with
" Dibdin's song " refers to the popular song by Charles Dibdin on which the poem is based. The Opies wrote that " the presumption must be that the verses Godwin printed were those by his daughter ". In the 1831 introduction to Frankenstein, Shelley described	described	VERB	her	PRON	 her
It was the parish church of the area, and had a chapel of ease at St Mary's Church, Tal y llyn (now also closed). In November 1349, records of an inquisition in Beaumaris show that the priest serving St Peulan's was one	one	NUM	of	ADP	 of
During the war, Halliday became good friends with General Ulysses S. Grant, and this relationship increased his personal fortune considerably through favorable military contracts. After the Civil War, Halliday, his four brothers, and other family members rapidly expanded their business interests in the region	region	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
Affeldt attended Northwest Christian High School, a Division 2 B school in Colbert, Washington. He participated in three sports while there, but it was baseball that drove several major league scouts to the school to see him pitch. He graduated in 1997. Affeldt was	was	AUX	drafted	VERB	 drafted
The British frigate was HMS Africaine, a new arrival to the Indian Ocean. She was under the command of Captain Robert Corbet, who had served there the previous year. Corbet was a notoriously unpopular officer and his death in the battle provoked a storm of controversy	controversy	NOUN	in	ADP	 in
Among those who met with Jinnah to seek his return was Liaquat Ali Khan, who would be a major political associate of Jinnah in the years to come and the first Prime Minister of Pakistan. At Jinnah's request, Liaquat discussed the return with a large number	number	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
By the 2000s there were fewer than forty, mostly elderly Jews remaining in the city, however, and the congregation no longer has a full time rabbi. Former rabbis include Judah Wechsler, after whom the Wechsler school was named, and William Ackerman, whose wife	wife	NOUN	Paula	PROPN	 Paula
It was built by the monks of Penmon and was believed to have healing powers by some people visiting it. It is probably one of the oldest buildings in Penmon. It has been said that the lower stone walls near the well were part of Seiriol's church	church	NOUN	in	ADP	 in
He insists they sleep at his home in Indianapolis, ruining their night. The next day, Leslie and Ben run into each other alone and Ben reveals Chris is out for the day. Ben then immediately kisses her, leaving Leslie simultaneously delighted and nervous about their	their	PRON	future	NOUN	 future
The keel for U 43 was laid down in August 1938 at Bremen; she was launched in May 1939 and commissioned in August. Between November 1939 and July 1943, the U boat conducted 14 combat patrols, sinking 21 merchant ships for a total of 117,036 gross	gross	ADJ	register	NOUN	 register
His distaste for Aberhart's social credit government — and in particular its contention, which Brownlee viewed as unfair, that the UFA had left the government bankrupt — did not prevent him from advising it behind the scenes on a number of issues, most notably Alberta's	's	PART	submission	NOUN	 submission
The algebraic chess notation for chess can be used to record moves in bughouse games. Different notations for piece drops are possible. The internet chess servers FICS and Internet Chess Club use the at sign @, as in N @ f1 (knight drop at f1)	)	PUNCT	,	PUNCT	,
In 1878, Matthew's father Daniel died. In October 1892, he suffered a stroke, but continued to preside over the courtroom. Matthew Paul Deady died in Portland on March 24, 1893, at the age of 68. In 1893, the first building	building	NOUN	at	ADP	 at
The following year he moved on to his prep school, South Lodge, Lowestoft, as a day boy. The headmaster, Thomas Sewell, was an old fashioned disciplinarian; the young Britten was outraged at the severe corporal punishments frequently handed out, and later he	he	PRON	said	VERB	 said
In both directions, the cargo was covered with hide or canvas. The carts were lashed together in brigades of ten carts, with three drivers and an overseer. These brigades could join in trains up to two miles (three km) in length. Carts numbering	numbering	VERB	in	ADP	 in
The U.S. Environmental Protection Agency generally puts substances which are lethal at more than 30 g to adults in Toxicity Class III. Ethylene glycol has a low vapor pressure; it does not evaporate readily at normal temperatures and therefore high concentrations in air or intoxication are unlikely to	to	PART	occur	VERB	 occur
History paintings were generally sold at exhibition for no less than the asking price, and as a consequence often remained unsold. Portraits were commissioned by the subject or their family, providing a guaranteed source of income to the artist. History painting was much more highly regarded	regarded	VERB	as	ADP	 as
Marsden said Richard acts as an emotional challenge for Superman, since the hero comes back to find that " Lois Lane picks somebody who's very Supermanesque ". Parker Posey as Kitty Kowalski: Lex Luthor's henchwoman. She served as a prison nurse and would give	give	VERB	Lex	PROPN	 Lex
Though he lost his first start of season, he rebounded to win six starts in succession from April 25 though May 20, including a 7 – 0 shutout victory on May 8 versus Louisville. On June 12, he pitched Boston to a 15 – 3 victory	victory	NOUN	over	ADP	 over
In 1947, he married his girlfriend Patricia, who remained his wife for the next 58 years until he died. Mikan fathered six children, sons Larry, Terry, Patrick and Michael, and daughters Trisha and Maureen. All his life, Mikan was universally seen	seen	VERB	as	ADP	 as
It was the only thing that I could change about myself. " Initially " Hair " was supposed to be released as the second promotional single from Born This Way, following " The Edge of Glory ", on May 16, 2011. However, after its	its	PRON	release	NOUN	 release
So we were working on our second issue by the time I saw it. It was going to be a matter of somehow trying to restage the entire first issue, because it was a very similar coma opening. I made a decision — which I pretty much	much	ADV	regret	VERB	 regret
Seventeen species of sea snake live on the Great Barrier Reef in warm waters up to 50 metres (160 ft) deep and are more common in the southern than in the northern section. None found in the Great Barrier Reef World Heritage Area are endemic, nor	nor	CCONJ	are	AUX	 are
Fields in the EAA are typically 40 acres (160,000 m2), bordered by canals on two sides, that are connected to larger canals where water is pumped in or out depending on the needs of the crops. The fertilizers used on vegetables, along with high	high	ADJ	concentrations	NOUN	 concentrations
Hammou took much of this with him when he escaped to the mountains of the Middle Atlas. The disaster left Captain Pierre Kroll as the senior officer of the remnants of the Khénifra garrison, some three companies of tirailleurs (one of which was an ad hoc unit	unit	NOUN	made	VERB	 made
A chain of fourteen lakes runs across the central drainage basin of Petén. The largest lake is Lake Petén Itza; it measures 32 by 5 kilometres (19.9 by 3.1 mi). A broad savannah extends south of the central lakes. To the north of the	the	DET	lakes	NOUN	 lakes
Denning went two days without sleep while building these bridges; shortly after one was completed, a German aeroplane dropped a bomb on it, forcing them to start again. The unit advanced over the River Ancre and the Canal du Nord, but Denning fell ill with	with	ADP	influenza	NOUN	 influenza
However, in the absence of modern satellite and other remote sensing technologies, only storms that affected populated land areas or encountered ships at sea were recorded, so the actual total could be higher. An undercount bias of zero to six tropical cyclones per year between 1851	1851	NUM	and	CCONJ	 and
Right after their first kiss, Rachel discover Finn on her doorstep. While visiting, Rachel learns that Finn was medically discharged from the army several weeks ago, and that he no longer wants to live in New York after seeing how happy she was without him.	.	PUNCT	Finn	PROPN	 Finn
Burnham was put in charge of a 250 private security detail hired by Hammond, who in addition to owning large investments in Mexico was a close friend of Taft from Yale and a U.S. Vice Presidential candidate in 1908. On October 16, the day of the summit	summit	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
The monastery declined in the late 17th century, and in 1679 many of its treasures were sold due to economic difficulties. Archbishop Bardughimeos Shushanetsi renovated the monastery in 1724. In 1779 father Baghdasar vardapet decorated the narthex walls with frescoes of King Abgar, Empire Theodosius,	,	PUNCT	Saint	PROPN	 Saint
Almost a hundred villages were flooded, as were two dams. The Rio Fuerte burst its banks and flooded sixty settlements. It also forced evacuations, which were enforced by the Mexican Army. Mexican Federal Highway 15 was closed due to the storm, as was the	the	DET	Pacific	PROPN	 Pacific
The plant populations that best fit Bentham's original description of grandiflora, also known as Grampians heath, occur naturally on sandstone at locations including Mount Zero, Mount Stapylton and the Black Range. Other nearby populations are regarded as having intermediate characteristics, including those in the	the	DET	Victoria	PROPN	 Victoria
The essential elements which must be proved to exist are: (i) the intention of the testator to subject the primary donee to an obligation in favour of the secondary donee; (ii) communication of that intention to the primary donee; and (iii)	)	PUNCT	the	DET	 the
Once in charge, she replaced many staffers and exerted far more control over the magazine than any previous editor had, earning the nickname " Nuclear Wintour " in the process. Those editors who were retained began to refer to the period as " The Wintour of Our	Our	PRON	Discontent	PROPN	 Discontent
They are rare among Malagasy clans as newcomers who successfully established their own kingdom within a short time after landing on the island. Under Antemoro Zafikasimambo leadership, the commoners ' freedom was significantly reduced and religion became a central feature of social and political life. The conflict	conflict	NOUN	between	ADP	 between
Nordic combined had the greatest changes in it schedule with the debut of the 10 km mass start that was also approved at the 2006 Congress in Vilamoura, and the replacement of the 7.5 km sprint and 15 km individual Gundersen events with two separate 10 km individual events	events	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
Brooke Little was made Bluemantle. Several months later when Sir Gerald Wollaston died, in the ensuing shuffle Cole was finally given his appointment as Portcullis Pursuivant. In 1967, Brooke Little was advanced to the position of Richmond Herald. On 7 July 1980, after almost	almost	ADV	thirty	NUM	 thirty
At the end of March, Wotton was one of eight candidates for the new Palm Island Community Council. Wotton had become something of a public speaker, speaking at various venues including presenting the screening of Protected at the Film Fanatics society at Petersham Bowling Club where he	he	PRON	spoke	VERB	 spoke
Koufax planned to use the signing bonus as tuition to finish his university education, if his baseball career failed. Because Koufax's signing bonus was greater than $4,000 ($35,000 today), he was known as a bonus baby. This forced the Dodgers to	to	PART	keep	VERB	 keep
I know that if they couldn't get me, Michelle and Kim together, [they wouldn't do it]. And I'd moved straight on to Doctor Who, too. Nobody was available until the following year, by which point Michelle was in Bionic	Bionic	PROPN	Woman	PROPN	 Woman
Both plays ran for 81 performances from December 1905, and then went on tour. Barrymore continued drinking and lacked discipline, which affected his performances. Ethel was angry with her brother and had the producers fire him from the show, but re hire him the following	following	VERB	day	NOUN	 day
c) Our anxieties have been increased by the lightning reoccupation of the Rhineland and the fact that bases for the start of a possible German invasion have been moved near to our frontier. On 24 April 1937, the French and British delivered a public declaration that Belgium	Belgium	PROPN	's	PART	's
His situation at the club led to interest from Serie A clubs Juventus and Lazio and he was later reported to have thrown a pair of scissors at Ajax teammate Zlatan Ibrahimović following an argument in March 2003. Celta Vigo made a loan offer for Mido in March,	,	PUNCT	which	PRON	 which
The turbines were powered by 18 Yarrow small tube boilers equally divided among three boiler rooms. The turbines were designed to produce a total of 90,000 shaft horsepower (67,000 kW) at a working pressure of 235 psi (1,620 kPa; 17 kgf / cm2).	.	PUNCT	No	DET	 No
At the 42nd GMA Dove Awards, " Lift Up Your Face " was nominated for the Dove Award for Rock / Contemporary Recorded Song of the Year. On Billboard magazine's Hot Christian Songs chart, " Lift Up Your Face " debuted at No. 39 for	for	ADP	the	DET	 the
Its diocesan seat is the Saint Peter Cathedral in Erie, which has a 265 feet (81 m) central tower flanked by two 150 feet (46 m) towers. Lawrence Thomas Persico is Bishop of Erie, since October 1, 2012; Donald Trautman is	is	AUX	Bishop	PROPN	 Bishop
Along with other senior players, Ambrose was rested from West Indies ' next tour, an ODI tournament in October 1995, but he returned to play in a three team ODI tournament in Australia in December and January. However, affected by the refusal of Brian Lara	Lara	PROPN	to	PART	 to
Some Canadian screening releases included the South by Southwest winning trailer Hobo with a Shotgun. Rodriguez wrote Machete in 1993 as a full feature for Danny Trejo. " I had cast him in Desperado and I remember thinking, ' Wow, this guy should have his own	own	ADJ	series	NOUN	 series
In addition to Nike and Chevrolet, the club also has several lower level " platinum " sponsors, including Aon and Budweiser. On 30 July 2012, United signed a seven year deal with American automotive corporation General Motors, which replaced Aon as the shirt sponsor from	from	ADP	the	DET	 the
John Goodner, a Houston city council member who represented a district that included Gulfton at that time, said that more demographic changes occurred within his district in the years leading up to 1988 than in any other part of the city. He was referring to the shift	shift	NOUN	in	ADP	 in
A music video for the track " Get Away " was filmed in Paris, although it was not officially released as a single. The critical response to the album was mixed to generally positive. Imran Ahmed of the New Musical Express predicted that based on the record	record	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
Harrison references his Beatles past as one of the trappings of the material world and refers by name to former bandmates John Lennon, Paul McCartney and Ringo Starr. The latter played drums on the track, recording for which took place in England between October 1972 and February	February	PROPN	1973	NUM	 1973
In December, Plymouth ship breaker Sidney Castle won the tender to dismantle the railway. The remaining track was lifted by June 1936, and in September, surviving loco Lew was shipped to Brazil. The stations and track bed were auctioned in 1938. The L &	&	CCONJ	B	PROPN	 B
Australia went on to complete a dramatic one wicket victory. Harvey had a poor season overall, scoring only 551 first class runs at 32.41 without managing a single century. Harvey started the 1952 – 53 season without a first class century in more than 18 months and	and	CCONJ	in	ADP	 in
" You need guys who play like dogs up front, like dogs chasing a cat, " Dixon said. The media picked up on the name, which gained traction in part because of the improvement of the Browns ' defense during the regular season. Fans put	put	VERB	on	ADP	 on
George Washington served the Line on the transatlantic route until 1931 when she was laid up in the Patuxent River, Maryland. George Washington was reacquired for Navy use from the United States Maritime Commission on 28 January 1941 and commissioned as USS Catlin (AP 19) on	on	ADP	13	NUM	 13
By December 19, the number of official US personnel in the city was reduced from 147 to 37 and of the 90 private Americans in the city, half were estimated to have left. Small arms fire became a daily occurrence and stray bullets and shells were landing	landing	VERB	in	ADP	 in
Jack Donaghy (Alec Baldwin) begins negotiations to Josh Girard's (Lonny Ross) new contract. Kenneth Parcell (Jack McBrayer) becomes the newest member of Tracy Jordan's (Tracy Morgan) entourage. When Josh's contract is due for renewal, Jack enters	enters	VERB	negotiation	NOUN	 negotiation
For smaller applications smaller trucks are used. In Canada pickup trucks are used with snow removal operations with a blade mounted in front and optional de icing equipment installed in the rear. Underbody scrapers are also used by some agencies and are mounted between axles, distributing plowing	plowing	NOUN	stresses	NOUN	 stresses
After being subjected to a heavy German artillery bombardment at their form up point, at 8: 45 pm the battalion attacked from the southern flank under the cover of considerable counter battery fire from the British artillery. After capturing a number of positions and inflicting heavy losses	losses	NOUN	upon	SCONJ	 upon
He is remembered above all as conductor of the Hallé Orchestra in Manchester, which he helped save from dissolution in 1943 and conducted for the rest of his life. Earlier in his career he was Arturo Toscanini's successor as music director of the New York Philharmonic,	,	PUNCT	serving	VERB	 serving
He was born in Nancy, France to Sir Henry Cumming, a general in the British Army and received naval education at the Royal Naval College in Portsmouth. Cumming served as a midshipman in the Mediterranean and North America before being promoted to lieutenant in 1840 for his	his	PRON	actions	NOUN	 actions
Thayer did carry out an experiment on dazzle camouflage, but it failed to show any reliable advantage over plain paintwork. The American data were analysed by Harold Van Buskirk in 1919. About 1256 ships were painted in dazzle between 1 March 1918 and the end of the	the	DET	war	NOUN	 war
Weems then activates a toy Goldberg machine that he made for Richie earlier. The episode's title is a pun. It refers to both cartoonist Rube Goldberg, who was famous for his drawings of incredibly complex machines made out of everyday objects that performed rudimentary tasks,	,	PUNCT	as	ADV	 as
During the EuroBasket 2007, Parker averaged 20.1 points per game and 2.8 assists per game in nine tournament games, but France was defeated in the quarter finals by the Russian national team. He passed the 2010 FIBA World Championship to recover fully from some injuries he had	had	VERB	during	ADP	 during
Four additional M 2 machine guns with ready boxes were added to the gunwales of each cutter. As the crews arrived from the United States, they began doing required modification work in the shipyard and shakedown sorties in an effort to get all systems working. Night training	training	NOUN	exercises	NOUN	 exercises
Her pregnancy turns into a scandal as she is betrothed to Sualtam mac Róich, and the Ulstermen suspect Conchobar of being the father, so she aborts the child and goes to her husband's bed " virgin whole ". She then conceives a son whom she names	names	VERB	Sétanta	PROPN	 Sétanta
Most logging tramways operated in the Otway Ranges, Gippsland, and the inner east of the Great Dividing Range; primarily between the 1850s and the 1950s, with only one surviving into the 1960s. They were primarily of 3 ft 6 in (1,067 mm) or	or	CCONJ	3	NUM	 3
It is possible to draw some conclusions about Themistocles's character. Perhaps his most evident trait was his massive ambition; " In his ambition he surpassed all men "; " he hankered after public office rather as a man in delirium might crave a cure ".	.	PUNCT	He	PRON	 He
Though first published in 1790, it was created over a period of twenty years from 1768 onwards. A companion volume, Fredmans sånger (Fredman's Songs) was published the following year. The Epistles vary widely in style and effect, from Rococo themed pastorale with	with	ADP	a	DET	 a
In the US 7th Marine Regiment's sector, heavy shelling, small arms fire and hand to hand fighting continued around Boulder City into the early morning on 25 July. Chinese infantry had succeeded in breaking through and occupying a large part of the trench line on the	the	DET	forward	ADJ	 forward
After Duchovny finished his first draft, Carter added additional plot points, such as the inclusion of the Alien Bounty Hunter and retired FBI agent Arthur Dales. The episode title is a play on the novel and movie The Natural. The tagline that appears in the opening	opening	NOUN	credits	NOUN	 credits
After 1347, John VI Kantakouzenos tried to revive the Empire, but met with limited success. Aided by the depopulation brought by about by the Black Death, Dušan and his general Preljub took Kantakouzenos ' Macedonian strongholds as well as Epirus and Thessaly in 1347 – 1348	1348	NUM	,	PUNCT	,
Tarwater was born March 24, 1984 to Dwight and Mary Tarwater in Knoxville, Tennessee. He grew up in Knoxville, where his father worked as a lawyer. He is the oldest of three children. His grandfather, Richmond Flowers, Sr., was Attorney	Attorney	PROPN	General	PROPN	 General
With the assistance of Venezuelan anesthesiologist Pedro Arroyo, Betances performed the first ever surgical procedure under chloroform in Puerto Rico, in November 1862. At the same time he spent a considerable amount of time serving Mayagüez's disadvantaged on a pro bono basis. He gave many	many	ADJ	donations	NOUN	 donations
Smith also served as host of the television show This Week in Baseball from 1997 to 1998. Smith was born in Mobile, Alabama, the second of Clovi and Marvella Smith's six children (five boys and one girl). While the family lived in Mobile	Mobile	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
" The official history of Hut 6, written immediately after the end of World War II, comments on his early " most vital technical achievement " in finding cribs, and on his " administrative and diplomatic talents " in his later role as head of the section	section	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
Associated Newspapers claimed they had emails proving the link, and wanted to rely on a defence of fair comment and justification; Green asserted that the emails were fakes. At the time, the law on injunctions was governed by two cases; Bonnard v Perryman and Cream	Cream	PROPN	Holdings	PROPN	 Holdings
The 24 member Big Ten media panel selected him as a first team preseason All Big Ten team member. Turner, nicknamed " The Villain ", opened the season by recording the first triple double by a Big Ten player since January 13, 2001, and the	the	DET	second	ADJ	 second
Aratus of Sicyon, the strategos of the Achaean League, tried to re take Tegea and Orchomenus in a night attack. Efforts from inside the city failed, though, and Aratus quietly retreated, hoping to remain unnoticed. Cleomenes nonetheless discovered the plan and sent a	a	DET	message	NOUN	 message
Palutena bestowed the people with light to make them happy, but Medusa hated the humans, dried up their crop and turned them to stone. Enraged by this, Palutena transformed Medusa into a monster, and banished her to the underworld. Out of revenge, Medusa	Medusa	PROPN	conspired	VERB	 conspired
Gard left Core Design after completing Tomb Raider, citing a lack of creative freedom and control over marketing decisions related to the ideas he developed (especially Lara Croft). Core Design improved and modified the character with each instalment. Developers for Tomb Raider II increased the	the	DET	number	NOUN	 number
The aerodynamics of a wind turbine are not straightforward. The air flow at the blades is not the same as the airflow far away from the turbine. The very nature of the way in which energy is extracted from the air also causes air to be deflected by	by	ADP	the	DET	 the
The Monadnock's final height was calculated to be the highest economically viable for a load bearing wall design, requiring walls 6 feet (1.8 m) thick at the bottom and 18 inches (46 cm) thick at the top. Greater height would have required walls	walls	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
On July 13, 2014, Posey and pitcher Madison Bumgarner hit grand slam home runs against the Arizona Diamondbacks. It marked the first time in Major League Baseball history that a catcher and a pitcher hit grand slams in the same game. On August 29, 2014	2014	NUM	,	PUNCT	,
During an effort led, between 1879 and 1881, by the völkisch historian Heinrich von Treitschke and the court chaplain, Adolf Stoecker to dis emancipate German Jews, the Crown Prince and Crown Princess were in opposition, Victoria writing that she saw " Treitschke and his supporters	supporters	NOUN	as	ADP	 as
" Can't Hold Us Down " lyrically discusses feminism; the song criticizes the " common " gender related double standards, in which men are applauded for their sexual behaviors, while women who behave in a similar fashion are disdained. In the book Therapeutic Uses of	of	ADP	Rap	PROPN	 Rap
The biodiversity of local oceanic fauna is not well understood. Sea turtles and mammals, including monk seals, fin whales (only 1 sighting and 5 strandings have been documented in Turkish waters), and dolphins are considered to reside in the park area, although regularity	regularity	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
That tour began on July 31, 2012, at the Prairie Capital Convention Center in Springfield, Illinois and ended on September 2 at the Outer Harbor in Buffalo, New York. " What You Want ", the album's first single, was released digitally on	on	ADP	August	PROPN	 August
However, the authors believed the film expands beyond disabilities and explores the " present age where everyone is in a restless hurry ". The pair wrote, " This film raises serious questions on mental health perspectives. We seem to be heading to a state of mass	mass	NOUN	scale	NOUN	 scale
It would often remove entire sections of these films and add material such as medical reels that lent itself to sensational promotion. Babb went on the road with a Cox and Underwood concoction titled Dust to Dust, a reworking of High School Girl with a childbirth scene added	added	VERB	to	ADP	 to
Silver sulfadiazine (a type of antibiotic) is not recommended as it potentially prolongs healing time. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of dressings containing silver or negative pressure wound therapy. Burns can be very painful and a number of different options may be used	used	VERB	for	ADP	 for
A compromise by the mayor was adopted by the city council on April 24, 1989, to allow both names to be used on the street. This dual naming arrangement was dropped by the city council on March 28, 1994, removing the " Logan Street "	"	PUNCT	name	NOUN	 name
These fed target data to the new Fuze Keeping Clock, an analogue fire control system that calculated the gunnery information for the guns. The ship also received a HF / DF radio direction finder at the top of her foremast. Her short range AA armament was augmented	augmented	VERB	by	ADP	 by
Elections are held every five years, with the next to be held in March 2019. Alanya also has a deputy mayor, who often represents the city at its sporting events, and together the mayor and his team represent Alanya in the provincial assembly in Antalya.	.	PUNCT	Alanya	PROPN	 Alanya
The typical six- or seven storey timbered London tenement houses had " jetties " (projecting upper floors). They had a narrow footprint at ground level, but maximised their use of land by " encroaching " on the street, as a contemporary observer put it,	,	PUNCT	with	ADP	 with
The crown also appointed the court chirographer, responsible for noting final concords and filing records of fines. Another high ranking clerk was the Clerk of the Outlawries, an under clerk of the Attorney General for England and Wales, who was tasked with recording recognizances to protect	protect	VERB	the	DET	 the
Operation Effective was scheduled for 22 April. Meanwhile, Devers took steps to delay the French advance. The Alsos Mission had learned that the uranium ores that had been taken from Belgium in 1944 had been shipped to the Wirtschaftliche Forschungsgesellschaft (WiFO) plant in Staßfurt.	.	PUNCT	The	DET	 The
Justice Antonin Scalia was present during oral arguments. He passed away in February, voiding his vote in the initial vote on the case's outcome and precluding any draft opinion he may have written from being published by the Court. The Court's 6 2 opinion was	was	AUX	delivered	VERB	 delivered
Equivalently, the derivative satisfies the property that <formula> which has the intuitive interpretation (see Figure 1) that the tangent line to f at a gives the best linear approximation <formula> to f near a (i.e., for small h). This	This	DET	interpretation	NOUN	 interpretation
The organization predicted 13 named storms, including 7 hurricanes, and an ACE index of 122. On June 1, Klotzbach's team issued their updated forecast for the 2012 season, predicting thirteen named storms and five hurricanes, of which two of those five would further	further	ADV	intensify	VERB	 intensify
In September, Louis visited Cracow to attend the large congress where Peter I of Cyprus attempted to persuade a dozen European monarchs to join the crusade. Louis was the only monarch to promise assistance, but later failed to fulfill his promise. At the congress, Casimir	Casimir	PROPN	III	PROPN	 III
In September 2010, during a webchat with her fansite Rihannadaily.com, Rihanna announced that the album would be called Loud, saying " get Loud everybody, get crazy, get excited, because I'm pumped. I'm just gonna be me, because that's	's	AUX	what	PRON	 what
But hey one lives in hope. " The voice actor who plays Angry Dad in the episode was portrayed by Dan Castellaneta, who also does the voice for Homer among other characters in the series. The design of the character is also based on Castellaneta. The	The	DET	title	NOUN	 title
The library's origins date back to 1908, when the people of the Woodstock neighborhood established a reading room at the Woodstock Fire Station, which soon became one of fifteen " deposit stations " (packing crates that turned into two shelf bookcases and could hold up to	to	PART	50	NUM	 50
In response to the Revolution Muslim post, the South Park episode " 201 ", which aired the following week and concluded the unresolved storylines from " 200 ", was heavily censored by Comedy Central. The channel inserted audio bleeps over all references to Muhammad's name	name	NOUN	and	CCONJ	 and
The court ordered Grotrian Steinweg to stop selling pianos in the US under the " Steinweg " name. Afterward, the company formed a business entity named Grotrian Piano Company, through which it sells pianos in North America. On 13 January 1803, Georg Friedrich Karl Grotrian	Grotrian	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
First introduced into the United States Congress in 1999, a number of congressional committees have heard testimony on the bill; however, it has not moved from committee and has yet to have any effect on the tax system. In recent years, a tax reform movement	movement	NOUN	has	AUX	 has
The United Nations Security Council brokered the Renville Agreement in an attempt to rectify the collapsed Linggarjati Agreement. The agreement was ratified in January 1948 and recognised a cease fire along the so called ' Van Mook line '; an artificial line which connected the most advanced Dutch	Dutch	ADJ	positions	NOUN	 positions
Chalapathi Rao and Jagannadham were the production executives. Initially, Venkata Reddy had Akkineni Nageswara Rao in mind for the lead role. He later wanted to cast Raja Reddy in the lead role but replaced him with N. T. Rama Rao in the last minute, who made	made	VERB	his	PRON	 his
" Rehab " reached top ten positions on the singles charts in Austria, Germany, the Netherlands and Norway. It reached number 16 on the UK Singles Chart and number 18 on the US Billboard magazine's Hot 100. It was certified double platinum by the Recording	Recording	PROPN	Industry	PROPN	 Industry
Hubbard lived over a hundred miles from the Blackfeet reservation. While some sources support Scientology's claim of Hubbard's blood brotherhood, other sources say that the tribe did not practice blood brotherhood and no evidence has been found that he had ever been a Blackfeet blood brother	brother	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
Three weeks later, London and Kendrick competed against William Regal and Dave Taylor. Deuce ' n Domino interfered, causing Regal and Taylor to be disqualified. This made both teams number one contenders leading to a triple threat tag team match the following week where Deuce '	'	PUNCT	n	CCONJ	 n
This purchase, however, was not processed until 15 January 1919. Spain's Comisión de Experiencias, Proyectos y Comprobación del Material de Guerra (Experiences, Projects and Confirmation Commission) issued a formal order for an FT, armed with a 37 millimeter (1.5 in	in	ADP	)	PUNCT	)
Simmons says that, after reading the script, he would have been happy to play even the high school teacher who has no speaking lines. Other cast members Reitman had " in mind right from the start " were Olivia Thirlby — who had originally unsuccessfully auditioned for	for	ADP	the	DET	 the
It is operated by the Chicago Department of Cultural Affairs rather than the Chicago Park District, which operates most major public ice skating rinks in Chicago. For the rest of the year, it serves as Plaza at Park Grill or Park Grill Plaza, Chicago's largest	largest	ADJ	outdoor	ADJ	 outdoor
The songs were released on compact disc in 1992 and 1997 as Pahojen poikien lauluja 1 – 2 (" Bad Boys ' Songs 1 – 2 ") and Porno ooppera / Pahojen poikien lauluja 3 (" Porn Opera / Bad Boys ' Songs 3 ").	.	PUNCT	Both	DET	 Both
Late on October 17, wind shear increased once more as Omar tracked over waters below 26° C (79° F). Around 0000 UTC on October 18, Omar weakened to a tropical storm as deep convection associated with it dissipated. Twelve hours later,	,	PUNCT	while	SCONJ	 while
" While executive agreements were not mentioned in the Constitution, Congress authorized them for delivery of the mail as early as 1792. Constitutional scholars note that the supremacy clause was designed to protect the only significant treaty into which the infant United States had entered: the Treaty	Treaty	PROPN	of	ADP	 of
They also decide to include " Somebody to Love " as their closer, but are stuck for a third piece until Finn arrives with new sheet music for the group, ready to perform with them. Rachel gives a solo performance of " Don't Rain on My	My	PRON	Parade	PROPN	 Parade
George placed B. epica in B. subg. Banksia, because its inflorescences are typical Banksia flower spikes; B. sect. Banksia because of its straight styles; and B. ser. Cyrtostylis because it has slender flowers. He considered its closest relatives to be B. praemorsa (	(	PUNCT	cut	NOUN	cut
Perhaps I would have ended up in prison. Not that I had done anything but many other people ended up in prison following 1956 without committing any crime. " He arrived in the Austrian town of Eisenstadt where buses were waiting to take refugees to their new homes	homes	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
; he was replaced with former Despised Icon guitarist, Al Glassman. On May 1, 2009, the band announced that they completed recording their second studio album, Ruination, at AudioHammer studios in Sanford, Florida with producer Jason Suecof. The album marks the debut	debut	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
Unfortunately for Zeballos, his plan was leaked to the media, and the resulting public outcry — Argentine citizens happened to not be in favor of their government borrowing large sums of money to mobilize the army and go to war — ensured his resignation. The Argentine government	government	NOUN	was	AUX	 was
The introduction of the CIP brought an unprecedented new level of economic liberalism and capitalism, and at first, the entrepreneurial class struggled to meet the challenges of a deregulated market, leading to a series of significant shortages and surpluses of various goods due to their inexperience in	in	ADP	judging	VERB	 judging
It is a producer of agricultural produce such as millets, ghee (clarified butter), oilseeds, and salt, which are transported from its port. A long term development plan was proposed in 2011 with investment of ₹ 830 million to refurbish the city of Dwarka	Dwarka	PROPN	and	CCONJ	 and
Originally called the Brown House, it was designed by architect T.A. Allen, and built in 1913 by local builders, Love & Sons. The estate was constructed around the Weybridge Golf Club, which was designed in 1912 by Harry Colt. John Lennon, of The	The	DET	Beatles	NOUN	 Beatles
Cancellara commented that he felt " free as a bird " in the Amstel, riding it for the first time since 2004, and that he was not under pressure to get a result. He identified Philippe Gilbert as the main favorite for the race, and promised	promised	VERB	not	PART	 not
The idea of waiting for a good job, earned through working from the bottom up, frequently upsets and frustrates emerging adults in today's society. This desire for immediate gratification is not only found in workplaces, but also in interpersonal relationships. Current studies show that	that	SCONJ	45	NUM	 45
The O 2 continues west to Edirne and the O 4 continues east to Ankara; the O 2, O 3, and O 4 are part of European route E80 (the Trans European Motorway) between Portugal and the Turkish – Iranian border. The two Bosphorus	Bosphorus	PROPN	Bridges	PROPN	 Bridges
The " Rachel " is often ranked among the greatest and most iconic hairstyles of all time, with Redbook placing it at number four and Time ranking it ninth. The Huffington Post determined that the hairstyle is one of " The Most Famous TV Hairstyles Of All Time	Time	PROPN	"	PUNCT	 "
Lumber yards, groceries stores, and hardware stores reported unusually high demand for emergency supplies, though certain smaller businesses closed early. Gasoline stations in the region " were doing bumper to bumper business ". Farther to the south, in the Florida Keys, an emergency	emergency	NOUN	operations	NOUN	 operations
He practices pickoff moves and coordinates signals with the first basemen to indicate when he is primed to move for a pickoff throw. In 2012, a Sports Illustrated poll of 306 players found that Molina was the " toughest catcher to run on. " As the publication	publication	NOUN	Viva	PROPN	 Viva
As Maxwell sailed from his home in Scotland to London to make preparations for his departure, he was suddenly taken ill. Medical assistance was unavailable for 48 hours during the passage, and the weather too rough for him to go ashore in an open boat in his	his	PRON	condition	NOUN	 condition
B ' alaj Chan K ' awiil was installed on the throne of the new outpost at the age of four, in 635, and for many years served as a loyal vassal fighting for his brother, the king of Tikal. In AD 648 Calakmul attacked Dos	Dos	PROPN	Pilas	PROPN	 Pilas
Koch returned to the East Indies operation, and on 30 January 1942, when in command of Corio, he was shot down off Timor by seven Japanese Zeros whilst carrying out a relief flight to Surabaya, Dutch East Indies. Of the eighteen people on board,	,	PUNCT	five	NUM	 five
Given that the gallows were still in regular use, it was felt that " thou shalt not kill " would have been hypocritical. The Catholic Chapel was put into the upper northern Association Ward in 1861. The floor has evidence of its former use for communal prisoner	prisoner	NOUN	accommodation	NOUN	 accommodation
It has whitish stripes on its flanks, a long grey bill and grey legs. In flight, the wings are brown above and black below, with no white markings, and a white crescent on the rump contrasts with the black tail. All plumages are fairly	fairly	ADV	similar	ADJ	 similar
The package design won an honorable mention at a packaging industry design competition hosted by the Quick Service Restaurant division of the Foodservice and Packaging Institute in 2007. The 2015 Fiery Chicken Fries promotion introduced a packaging variant that featured new graphics. The image featured on the box	box	NOUN	is	AUX	 is
She won the WWF Women's Championship on July 3, 1986 when she defeated Moolah at the Brisbane Festival Hall on the WWF's 1986 Australian tour, but re lost the title to Moolah six days later at the Sydney Entertainment Centre (the only two times the	the	DET	WWF	PROPN	 WWF
Blake was livid, but agreed only if Plante removed the mask when his face was healed. Wearing the mask, Plante led the Canadiens on an 18 game unbeaten streak. He finally removed the mask at Blake's urging and promptly lost the next game. Defeated	Defeated	VERB	,	PUNCT	,
His successor Henry IV went even further, introducing the death penalty for heresy and for possession of a bible. Despenser took active steps to maintain orthodoxy in his own diocese. The chronicler Thomas Walsingham praised Henry's actions against the Lollards and contrasted him with his fellow	fellow	ADJ	bishops	NOUN	 bishops
As the magma, which is significantly hotter than the boiling point of water, comes into contact with water an insulating vapor film forms (Leidenfrost effect). Eventually this vapor film will collapse leading to direct coupling of the cold water and hot magma. This increases	increases	VERB	the	DET	 the
The singles taken from this album were " Robot Rock ", " Technologic ", " Human After All ", and " The Prime Time of Your Life ". The earliest official statement from Daft Punk concerning the album was " we believe that Human After All	All	PRON	speaks	VERB	 speaks
But that kid could've been of any ethnicity but they made the effort to make him Asian - just a little color, you know, and it's really wonderful when that kind of thing happens where they don't have to play that up and make it	it	PRON	like	ADP	 like
In danger of being arrested and unable to get a passport to go to Russia, Reed, disguised as a stoker, left the U.S. in late September 1919 on a Scandinavian ship headed for Europe. During the Palmer Raids and Red Scare days beginning in November 1919	1919	NUM	,	PUNCT	,
Many smaller cacti have globe shaped stems, combining the highest possible volume for water storage, with the lowest possible surface area for water loss from transpiration. The tallest [1] free standing cactus is Pachycereus pringlei, with a maximum recorded height of 19.2 m (	(	PUNCT	63	NUM	63
Players do not need to gather every egg to complete the main portion of the game or gain access to new levels; in fact, certain eggs can only be found by returning to the world at a later time. Gems are scattered across the worlds, hidden	hidden	VERB	in	ADP	 in
Wacht was sunk, but the crew was safely evacuated and neither ship suffered casualties. During the maneuvers, Wacht attempted to pass between Sachsen and Württemberg. However, Wacht's helmsman misjudged the distance and passed too closely in front of Sachsen. Sachsen immediately attempted to	to	PART	reverse	VERB	 reverse
One show featured a guest appearance by Metallica drummer (and Mustaine's former bandmate) Lars Ulrich. The band was added to the Monsters of Rock European tour, but left after the first show due to Ellefson's drug problems, for which he was treated immediately	immediately	ADV	.	PUNCT	.
The New South Wales waratah had been considered to be protandrous (that is, with male parts concluding sexual activity before female parts become receptive on the same plant), but analysis of the timing of pollen viability and stigma receptivity has shown significant overlaps. The species	species	NOUN	has	AUX	 has
In 1927, Route 6 was legislated to run from Delaware east to the George Washington Bridge, replacing portions of Routes 5 and 12 and paralleling the former Route 10, which itself became Route 5 and Route 10N, the latter being shortly removed from the state highway	highway	NOUN	system	NOUN	 system
Newport News Shipbuilding operates The Apprentice School, a vocational school teaching various shipyard and related trades. Thomas Nelson Community College serves as the community college. Located in neighboring Hampton and in nearby Williamsburg, Thomas Nelson offers college and career training programs. Most institutions in the	the	DET	Hampton	PROPN	 Hampton
The 1965 – 66 season was one of the best (but painful) periods for Nea Salamina; the team arguably played the best football in Cyprus. The team contended for the championship until the last game of the season and lose its first cup final. In	In	ADP	a	DET	 a
His jeep bore oversized rank placards on the front and back, as well as a klaxon horn which would loudly announce his approach from afar. He proposed a new uniform for the emerging Tank Corps, featuring polished buttons, a gold helmet, and thick, dark	dark	ADJ	padded	ADJ	 padded
The US Navy painted some ships dark gray with white structures above bridge level. Both the US Navy and the Royal Navy painted ships dark gray on the hull and light gray on the superstructure and turrets. USN measure 12 was a graded system with sea blue low	low	NOUN	on	ADP	 on
Due to a decrease in demand, the Tammiku and Sompa mines closed in 1999 and those at Kohtla and Ahtme closed in 2001. In 1995, state owned shale oil producers in Kohtla Järve and Kiviõli were merged into the single company named RAS Kiviter. In 1997	1997	NUM	,	PUNCT	,
Temple Meads is managed by Network Rail and the majority of services are operated by the present day Great Western Railway. Other operators are CrossCountry and South West Trains. In the 12 months to March 2014, 9.5 million entries and exits were made from the station.	.	PUNCT	The	DET	 The
Jaan Uhelszki from Rolling Stone criticized the album as being " chilly, forced and overdone ", while The Atlanta Journal Constitution was not impressed toward Aguilera's vocal ability on the album, giving it a mixed review. My Kind of Christmas debuted at number 38 on	on	ADP	the	DET	 the
Then I realised the magic is me really prying stuff out of my head and getting it on to tape, and that stuff doesn't happen unless I'm completely alone. Sometimes it's about the right amount of blood sugar, just slightly hungover. And I	I	PRON	'm	AUX	'm
Revealed to be alive, an adult Jason exacts revenge on Alice for decapitating his mother in the original film. Jason (Warrington Gillette), returns to Crystal Lake, living there as a hermit and guarding it from all intruders. Five years later a group of	of	ADP	teenagers	NOUN	 teenagers
The chase was led by Cofidis and Team Europcar and Gerard had less than a minute's lead at the Côte de la Tour. Philippe Gilbert (BMC Racing Team), Jonathan Hivert (Bretagne – Séché Environnement) and Laurens De Vreese (Astana) attacked over	over	ADP	the	DET	 the
John Lydon, better known as Johnny Rotten of the Sex Pistols, declared her work to be " beauty beyond belief ". Rotten once wrote a song for her, titled " Bird in Hand " (about exploitation of parrots) that Bush rejected. Bush was	was	AUX	one	NUM	 one
The commander of the 1st Cavalry Division was Diviziski General Dragoslav Stefanović. While the divisional headquarters and other divisional level units were mobilising in Sesvete near Zagreb, the headquarters of the 1st Cavalry Brigade had been designated to command Detachment Ormozki, and the 6th and 8th Cavalry	Cavalry	PROPN	Regiments	PROPN	 Regiments
The following year Gielgud directed Richardson in The School for Scandal, first at the Haymarket and then on a North American tour, which he joined as, in his words, " the oldest Joseph Surface in the business. " In 1962 Gielgud met Martin Hensler (	(	PUNCT	1932	NUM	1932
He also filmed a role in The Wind in the Willows (Terry Jones, 1996) as St John Weasel. In 1996, while appearing in The Rover at the Salisbury Playhouse, Bathurst got an audition for the Granada Television comedy pilot Cold Feet. He arrived	arrived	VERB	for	ADP	 for
It is prescribed as a textbook for students of graduate and post graduate studies in the Kannada language. Although Keshiraja followed the model of Sanskrit grammar (of the Katantra school) and that of earlier writings on Kannada grammar (by King Amoghavarsha I of the 9th century	century	NOUN	and	CCONJ	 and
With the accord in place (principally with South Africa), UNTAG was then formally established in accordance with Resolution 632 on 16 February 1989. The key participants in the UN process were the South African government (represented in Namibia by the Administrator General) and the	the	DET	UN	PROPN	 UN
Although the song fell to number 42 the following week, it began to continually climb the chart as from June 30, 2011, and entered the top 20 four weeks later. On July 14, 2011, " Best Thing I Never Had " entered the top	top	ADJ	10	NUM	 10
Rolo Tomassi completed their first tour of the year as the main support for Architects on a 14 date UK tour in April. They used this tour to promote their new single ' Old Mystics ' as well as debut other unrecorded new material from the album, such	such	ADJ	as	ADP	 as
The ship was stricken from the navy list in March 1921 and sold for scrapping in that year. Schwaben was 126.8 m (416 ft 0 in) long overall and had a beam of 22.8 m (74 ft 10 in) and a draft of 7.95 m	m	NOUN	(	PUNCT	 (
Despite his commander's order to remain on base, he joined a patrol into Mozambique and crossed the border on 7 January 1974. The commanding officer flew into a rage when he discovered Coey's insubordination two weeks later, and immediately had him brought back. Meanwhile	Meanwhile	ADV	,	PUNCT	,
" The album was the band's lowest peaking record at that point in their career, debuting at number 171 on the US Billboard 200. It also peaked at number 49 on the Swedish Sverigetopplistan chart, and in a revival of fortunes spent three weeks on the	the	DET	UK	PROPN	 UK
Passing just north of Guam, Dolphin produced the first typhoon force winds on the island since 2002 during Typhoon Pongsona. Andersen Air Force Base recorded sustained winds of 135 km / h (84 mph), while gusts reached 171 km / h (106 mph)	)	PUNCT	.	PUNCT	.
Gravel pathways lined with Phoenix canariensis palms, the lawn in front of the church, and the stone churchyard fence were also constructed in the 1920s. The Alt Street wall was erected in 1922, and dedicated to the previous rector Alfred Yarnold. The Bland Street wall	wall	NOUN	was	AUX	 was
One of the reasons for the long period of neglect of Schubert's piano sonatas seems to be their dismissal as structurally and dramatically inferior to the sonatas of Beethoven. In fact, the last sonatas contain distinct allusions and similarities to works by Beethoven, a composer Schubert	Schubert	PROPN	venerated	VERB	 venerated
News reports at the time reported, per the Atomic Energy Commission's briefing, that there was slight risk of light contamination and that no fire fighters had been contaminated. No abnormal radioactivity was reported by the Colorado Public Health Service. Plutonium milling operations produced large quantities	quantities	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
In 1807, Desha was elected to the first of six consecutive terms in the U.S. House of Representatives. A Democratic Republican, he was considered a war hawk, supporting the War of 1812. In 1813, he volunteered to serve in the war and commanded a	a	DET	division	NOUN	 division
Castelli and Belgrano backed a pair of projects from Francisco Cabello y Mesa, who had just arrived from Spain. Cabello proposed the creation of a " Patriotic, Literary and Economic Society " lodge and the publication of a newspaper. This newspaper, the first one published	published	VERB	in	ADP	 in
The film was released in March 1984, with a production schedule of only nine months and with a budget equivalent to $1 million. Miyazaki's work on Nausicaä of the Valley of the Wind was inspired by a range of works including Ursula K. Le Guin's	's	PART	Earthsea	PROPN	 Earthsea
If the symptoms are significant, nighttime positive airway pressure (PAP) treatment is tried; this involves the use of a machine to assist with breathing. PAP exists in various forms, and the ideal strategy is uncertain. Some medications have been tried to stimulate breathing	breathing	NOUN	or	CCONJ	 or
Leete's image of Kitchener is featured on a 2014 £2 coin produced by sculptor John Bergdahl for the Royal Mint. The coin was the first of a five year series to commemorate the centennial of the war. Use of Leete's image of Kitchener has been	been	AUX	criticized	VERB	 criticized
The music video was directed by Spike Jonze and was filmed in Downey, California, USA. Pitchfork Media reported that " Jay Z and Kanye West are doing something big for the video for Otis. " The video, featuring a cameo by Aziz Ansari, was	was	AUX	released	VERB	 released
He was torn between his desire to work and his desire not to talk, and he didn't know what to do. What I think he wanted to know was, what would I think of him if he talked? He didn't say it in that	that	DET	way	NOUN	 way
The book's source recounted the events: " They said ' We are a private group '. I asked them if they voted. It was a testing question. They said they didn't. It was a very short discussion. " The organisation's members	members	NOUN	are	AUX	 are
It transferred to Broadway in 2013. The original McCarter, Off Broadway, and Broadway casts included David Hyde Pierce, Kristine Nielsen, Sigourney Weaver and Billy Magnussen. Subsequently, the play has been produced in Tennessee, California, Indiana, Minnesota, Arizona, Washington	Washington	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
In heathland habitats such as Nadgee or Barren Grounds Nature Reserves, it may not exceed 1 m (3 ft) in height. At an exposed area such as Green Cape, it is reduced further to a 30 cm (12 in) prostrate shrub. This	This	DET	subspecies	NOUN	 subspecies
Informal estimates, on the other hand, often mistakenly included the neighbouring squatter village of Sai Tau Tsuen. Population figures of about 50,000 were also reported. A thorough government survey in 1987 gave a clearer picture: an estimated 33,000 people resided within the Walled City.	.	PUNCT	Based	VERB	 Based
Jason Barry as Thomas " Tommy " Ryan: An Irish third class passenger who befriends Jack and Fabrizio. Tommy is killed when he is accidentally pushed forward and shot by a panicked First Officer Murdoch. Although not — and not intended to be — an entirely historically	historically	ADV	accurate	ADJ	 accurate
One death was reported in Mexico due to drowning. Otherwise, no significant damage was reported associated with Beryl, as it affected a sparsely populated area of Mexico. A tropical wave emerged from the African coast with a closed circulation on August 3. It tracked westward	westward	ADV	across	ADP	 across
" The only alternative is a separate existence... What upsets the Igbo population is we are not equally Nigerian as the others ". The Nigerian – Biafran War left Igboland devastated. Fighting had completely destroyed many hospitals, schools, and homes. In addition to the	the	DET	loss	NOUN	 loss
In the 21st century, global warming has made access to Siberian tusks easier, since the permafrost thaws more quickly, exposing the mammoths embedded within it. Stories abound about frozen woolly mammoth meat that was consumed once defrosted, especially that of the " Berezovka mammoth "	"	PUNCT	,	PUNCT	,
The second single from the album was " My Happiness ", released on 14 August 2000 in Australia. " My Happiness " entered the ARIA Singles Chart at # 4, and spent 24 weeks on the chart, making it Powderfinger's highest charting single in Australia	Australia	PROPN	.	PUNCT	.
" That's a lot [of players leaving] when the normal rule is: never change a winning team, " stated Zidane. Real Madrid, with newly appointed coach Carlos Queiroz, started their domestic league slowly after a hard win over Real Betis. The	The	DET	2005	NUM	 2005
Nevertheless, he opined that " [p] eople tried to make it seem like I was saying that the Waldorf wasn't good enough for us ". As of 1999, the State Department was paying $360,000 per year to lease the suite on a rolling	rolling	ADJ	basis	NOUN	 basis
She also held a monocle in her hand. Accompanied by her two female dancers dressed in a similar attire, Madonna did a straightforward vocal rendition of the track, and an elaborate choreography, which included voguing, humping, simulated masturbation and momentary storage of the performers	performers	NOUN	'	PART	 '
With Mario sharing driving duties with sons Michael and Jeff at the 1991 Rolex 24 at Daytona, driving a Porsche 962, the Andretti clan finished 5th. Mario's grandson Marco completed his first full season in the Indy Racing League (IRL) in 2006, driving	driving	VERB	for	ADP	 for
As the Admiralty had decided to phase out 12 inch guns and had stopped the manufacture of shells for these weapons shortly after the war, it would have been necessary to replace Australia's main armament once the Navy's stock of shells reached their expiry date given that	that	SCONJ	it	PRON	 it
Composer and six time Grammy award winner Burt Bacharach studied music at McGill, and Win Butler and Régine Chassagne of the Grammy Award winning group Arcade Fire met while studying at McGill. In the sciences, students include doctors, inventors, three astronauts and scientist Dr. Mark	Mark	PROPN	J.	PROPN	 J.
On 7 February 1974, the country gained independence from the United Kingdom, retaining the then reigning monarch, Elizabeth II, as monarch of the newly created monarchy of Grenada. The monarch is represented in the country by the Governor General of Grenada, currently Dame Cécile	Cécile	PROPN	La	PROPN	 La
The menu is according to the time of day, with breakfasts in the morning and larger meals in the afternoon and evening. The trains also feature a family section with a play area and HC area (BFM73 car). The BFM73 car has also a bicycle	bicycle	NOUN	room	NOUN	 room
On the other hand, there are 197 brown trout per kilometer less than 175 millimeters long and 25 per kilometer that are more than 175 millimeters long. There is one brook trout per hectare that are less than 175 millimeters long and one that is more than 175	175	NUM	millimeters	NOUN	 millimeters
The German unit was thought by Fleming to be " one of the most outstanding innovations in German intelligence ". Fleming did not fight in the field with the unit, but selected targets and directed operations from the rear. On its formation the unit was only thirty	thirty	NUM	strong	ADJ	 strong
The idea of the historical imagination was replaced with the source based empiricism championed by Ranke. Marinel Ash has noted that after the death of Scott, Scottish national history lost its momentum, and the Scottish literati stopped writing Scottish histories. Colin Kidd has observed a change	change	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
About 60 percent of RTI's staff are headquartered on a 180 acre campus inside the Research Triangle Park. Most of RTI International's funding comes from government research contracts. In 2012 it authored 627 journal articles. At the time, RTI owned 400 patents. RTI	RTI	NOUN	competes	NOUN	 competes
These are based on glider performance, the lowest being club class, and then progressing through standard (maximum 15 metres (49 ft) wingspan, and flaps not permitted), 15 metres (49 ft) (as standard, but flaps are permitted),	,	PUNCT	18	NUM	 18
" During subsequent discussions with a US consular official, Terrazas gave conflicting answers as to whether or not he had truly intended to abandon his rights as a US citizen when he applied for his certificate of Mexican nationality. The State Department eventually concluded that he had lost	lost	VERB	his	PRON	 his
To Aldrich's surprise, Tillman soberly and competently conducted the bill through much of the legislative process. Tillman withdrew from the bill (though he voted for it) after Roosevelt got a provision for federal court review of agency decisions included, which Tillman opposed. The	The	DET	president	NOUN	 president
Females of the genus Phobaeticus are the world's longest insects, measuring up to 56.7 centimetres (22.3 in) in total length in the case of Phobaeticus chani, including the outstretched legs. The heaviest species of phasmid is likely to be Heteropteryx dilatata, the females	females	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
The work tells of an American evacuation of an island for nuclear tests, where one family is left behind. Polish American Si Lewen's (1918 –) first book, The Parade: A Story in 55 Drawings (1957), won praise from Albert Einstein	Einstein	PROPN	for	ADP	 for
In addition, during Tom and Jean Ralphio's eulogy presentation for Lil ' Sebastian, a still of the Trifid Nebula in Sagittarius is seen. The image is more popularly recognized as the cover art for progressive rock band King Crimson's 1971 album " Islands. "	"	PUNCT	Due	ADP	 Due
His independent album Sellout was re released in 2006 on Universal South Records. West said that he began to experience " some vocal fatigue " in April 2007. He said " I had lost some of my vocal range, staying on higher notes and lower notes.	.	PUNCT	I	PRON	 I
Two particularly important publications were bin Laden's 2002 " Letter to America ", and a 2004 video tape by bin Laden. Bin Laden interpreted Muhammad as having banned the " permanent presence of infidels in Arabia ". In 1996, bin Laden issued a fatwā calling	calling	VERB	for	SCONJ	 for
When he was executed in 1649, the Scottish Covenanters objected, but avoided advancing the sanctity of kings as a reason. In 1689, when the Scottish Estates had to find a justification for deposing James VII they turned to Buchanan's argument on the contractual nature of	of	ADP	monarchy	NOUN	 monarchy
Crowds numbering 400,000 and more demonstrated in October 2002, and again the following spring. On 15 February 2003, over 1 million people demonstrated against the war in Iraq, and 60,000 marched in Manchester before the Labour Party Conference, with the demonstrators ' issues including British	British	ADJ	occupation	NOUN	 occupation
Reaction to this speech was highly critical, and Everett was attacked by political friends and foes for this apparent endorsement of slavery. He attempted to justify his statements by pointing out that he rejected the slave trade and the act of kidnapping someone into slavery, but this	this	PRON	did	AUX	 did
It made an estimated $206,000,000 in other territories for a worldwide total of $424,967,620. Alan Menken and Howard Ashman's song " Beauty and the Beast " won the Academy Award for Best Original Song, while Menken's score won the award for Best Original Score	Score	PROPN	.	PUNCT	.
Sidle then opens up to him and reveals her family story; it is during this season that she apparently starts bonding with Grissom. During the subsequent seasons (sixth and seventh), after it is revealed that they are in a relationship, she appears to be	be	AUX	happier	ADJ	 happier
Inglis acquired the 4 acre (1.6 ha) Scroope House on Trumpington Street for the department and constructed a 50,000 square foot (4,600 m2) laboratory on the site by 1923, followed in 1931 by a structure containing lecture theatres and a drawing office. At Cambridge	Cambridge	PROPN	Inglis	PROPN	 Inglis
A pre registered barrage would then descend on No Man's Land. With the introduction of the tank the artillery was no longer required to aid the infantry by destroying obstacles and machine gun positions. Instead, the artillery assisted by neutralising the German artillery with Counter battery	battery	NOUN	fire	NOUN	 fire
The western shoreline of the seaway was in the vicinity of Cedar City, Utah while the eastern margin was part of the low lying, stable platform ramp in Nebraska and Kansas. The pebble to cobble conglomerate and tan fossil rich sandstone of the resulting 100 foot (	(	PUNCT	30	NUM	30
In a 2010 book on human rights, Children's Rights and Human Development, child psychiatrist Bruce D. Perry used the phrase " think of the children " to urge clinicians to incorporate a process sensitive to developmental stages when counseling youth. In their 2002 book, Art	Art	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
During its third week, S / O Satyamurthy lost a large number of screens to new releases Dohchay, Kai Raja Kai, Aloukika and Avengers: Age of Ultron. The film still performed decently, grossing ₹ 50.5 million and netting ₹ 21.7 million in three days	days	NOUN	for	ADP	 for
The weight of the breed is on average between 24 – 30 pounds (11 – 14 kg). At the Westminster Kennel Club Dog Show, the most prestigious dog show in the United States, the American Cocker Spaniel has won Best in Show on four occasions	occasions	NOUN	since	SCONJ	 since
In the late 1890s, the Fort Crockett defenses and coastal artillery batteries were constructed in Galveston and along the Bolivar Roads. Juneteenth, which is the oldest nationally celebrated commemoration of the ending of slavery in the United States, owes its origins to the announcement of the	the	DET	Emancipation	PROPN	 Emancipation
It was not until the 1930s that the pieces, in uncirculated condition, commanded the original price of $1. Prices began to rise as silver coins were replaced by base metal ones in the 1960s. In the 2012 version of Yeoman's catalog, both pieces	pieces	NOUN	are	AUX	 are
All this time, Minh had been allowed to continue as a figurehead chief of state due to his popularity, but Khánh was intent on sidelining him too. The Young Turks were fully aware of Khánh's motives for rehabilitating the Da Lat Generals, and wanted to	to	PART	marginalize	VERB	 marginalize
It repeatedly claims the Chinese looms to be far superior to all others. It speaks of two types of loom that leave the worker's arms free: the draw loom, which is of Eurasian origin, and the pedal loom which is attributed to East Asian origins	origins	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
The document itself stated that Culkin strongly denied being harmed by Jackson. Two tabloid television shows accepted confidential leaked documents from the Los Angeles County Department of Children's Services for $20,000. A number of Jackson's former employees — most of whom had worked at his	his	PRON	ranch	NOUN	 ranch
The Forest Service has listed northern goshawks, flammulated owls, and white headed woodpeckers as a sensitive species in the forest. The few amphibians present in the forest include the Rocky Mountain tailed frog, long toed salamander, and Columbia spotted frog, which has been listed	listed	VERB	as	ADP	 as
Spears performed " I'm Not a Girl, Not Yet a Woman " as part of her Dream Within a Dream Tour, and on several TV shows. In early 2001, Spears and her team developed a script for a movie where the singer could be the	the	DET	main	ADJ	 main
Over the years, McCartney has been named a significant vocal influence by a number of renowned artists, including Chris Cornell, Billy Joel, Steven Tyler, Brad Delp and Axl Rose. McCartney played piano on several Beatles songs, including " Every Little Thing ",	,	PUNCT	"	PUNCT	 "
The album Adios was written and performed almost exclusively by Konietzko and Skold. Ogre again provided vocals, as did German musician Nina Hagen. Originally the fulfillment of the band's ten record contract with Wax Trax! / TVT, Adios later signaled the breakup of the	the	DET	band	NOUN	 band
He was commissioned in 1971 into the Royal Army Ordnance Corps and went on to serve in Germany, Northern Ireland and Cyprus, interspersed with staff duties and further education. He was posted to Paris in 1984, where he was involved in the development of the MILAN	MILAN	PROPN	anti	PROPN	 anti
He was one of three sons of the Neapolitan American Anthony and Adeline Massino. Raised in Maspeth, Queens, Massino has admitted to being a juvenile delinquent by the age of 12 and claimed that at 14 he ran away from home to Florida. He dropped out	out	ADP	of	ADP	 of
To separate the input and output signals, many negative resistance amplifiers use nonreciprocal devices such as isolators and directional couplers. One widely used circuit is the reflection amplifier in which the separation is accomplished by a circulator. A circulator is a nonreciprocal solid state component with three	three	NUM	ports	NOUN	 ports
Margaret Bondfield, a Labour politician and feminist and the first woman Cabinet minister in the United Kingdom was born in Chard in 1873. Dr Andrew Wright, discoverer of ancient mountain ranges and fjord landscapes underneath the Antarctic ice cap, spent most of his childhood in Chard	Chard	PROPN	where	SCONJ	 where
By the 1960s, the Ripper had become " the symbol of a predatory aristocracy ", and was more often portrayed in a top hat dressed as a gentleman. The Establishment as a whole became the villain, with the Ripper acting as a manifestation of upper class	class	NOUN	exploitation	NOUN	 exploitation
These claims would be denied by the singer who said that despite the clip for " Why Don't You Love Me " airing several days before " Commander ", the media was " making too much of a big deal of release schedules and trying to create a	a	DET	feud	NOUN	 feud
Wellek and Warren argue that a work does not necessarily become better with more philosophical content. Wellek and Warren write that the relationship between literature and other forms of art, such as architecture, sculpture, music, or visual art, is " highly various and complex	complex	ADJ	"	PUNCT	 "
The walrus is the only living species in the family Odobenidae and genus Odobenus. This species is subdivided into three subspecies: the Atlantic walrus (O. r. rosmarus) which lives in the Atlantic Ocean, the Pacific walrus (O. r. divergens) which lives in the	the	DET	Pacific	PROPN	 Pacific
Arsenal won the match 2 – 1. Six days later, Diaby scored Arsenal's opening goal in the club's 3 – 2 away win over Blackburn Rovers in the League Cup. Diaby failed to chart anything statistical for the rest of the winter months aside from	from	ADP	an	DET	 an
On Wurst's return to Austria after winning Eurovision, she was greeted at Vienna International Airport by thousands of fans and hundreds journalists celebrating her victory. On 18 May she met with Werner Faymann, the Chancellor of Austria and Josef Ostermayer, the Minister of Arts,	,	PUNCT	Culture	PROPN	 Culture
Steam was provided by three rectangular fire tube boilers at a pressure of 1.7 atm (172 kPa; 25 psi). The engines produced a total of 800 indicated horsepower (600 kW) which gave Smerch a maximum speed of about 8.3 knots (15.4 km /	/	SYM	h	PROPN	 h
" Teen Ink observed, " This part is about how it seems like God doesn't listen to you or help you, no matter how much you pray or talk to him. " Finally, asking people to be kind and unselfish, Esmeralda sings, "	"	PUNCT	Please	INTJ	 Please
" According to Chris Carter, the whole idea behind the episode was about numbers and that the " significance of numbers in our lives starts here on the card table where the players are being dealt a hand each. " He continued with " the idea is that	that	SCONJ	we	PRON	 we
On the second morning, Morris registered his third century of the Test series and his sixth in Ashes matches. The innings had taken 208 minutes and included four fours. Hassett and Morris took the score to 226 before their 109 run stand was broken when Young trapped	trapped	VERB	the	DET	 the
The towns of Tonala and Arriaga were the worst affected by the hurricane, where dozens of trees, poles, billboards and roofs were damaged due to strong winds. Many restaurants were also destroyed because of high waves. Several homes were flooded. Many homes were destroyed	destroyed	VERB	,	PUNCT	,
In January 1914, though, the gunboat returned to Mexican waters and investigated local conditions at Ensenada between 3 and 6 January before moving, in subsequent months, to a succession of Mexican ports: Mazatlán, San Blas, Miramar, Topolobampo, and La Paz.	.	PUNCT	Following	VERB	 Following
: Yui Hirasawa Minami ke: Okaeri: Yoshino The Sacred Blacksmith: Lisa Spice and Wolf II: Merta A Certain Scientific Railgun: Kazari Uiharu Umi Monogatari: Anata ga Ite Kureta Koto: Oshima Umineko When They Cry: Asmodeus Asobi ni Iku yo: Bombshells from	from	ADP	the	DET	 the
After several delays, federal funding for Phase 1 was secured in December 2008 and construction began in March 2009. The line will be constructed in two phases; the first phase to Wiehle – Reston East in Reston, Virginia opened July 26, 2014, and the	the	DET	second	ADJ	 second
In 1915, Joseph F. Smith, then sixth president of the LDS Church, announced plans for the first temple outside the continental United States and chose Lāʻie for its construction. According to Mormon folklore, precious materials arrived just in time to complete the building of the	the	DET	temple	NOUN	 temple
As a result of the use of nuclear power, the ships are capable of operating for over 20 years without refueling and are predicted to have a service life of over 50 years. They are categorized as nuclear powered aircraft carriers and are numbered with consecutive hull numbers	numbers	NOUN	between	ADP	 between
The Griffins have a yard sale to sell off household items that they no longer need, but Brian accidentally sells Stewie's teddy bear, Rupert, causing Stewie to think Rupert has been kidnapped. Brian takes Stewie to the toy store to try to find a replacement	replacement	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
Poniewozik described her as " pretty damn excellent ", and Votta wrote, " She only has one generally pointless scene but is arguably the best part of the whole episode. " Raymund Flandez of The Wall Street Journal said Leakes " does well ", and Bell	Bell	PROPN	stated	VERB	 stated
MacFarlane's debut studio album, Music Is Better Than Words, was released on September 27, 2011, drawing on his training in and attraction to " the Great American Songbook and particularly the early- to late- ' 50s era of orchestration ". The singer, asked	asked	VERB	about	ADP	 about
Cummings also voiced a gopher that talks with Zazu and replaced Irons as Scar in certain lines of " Be Prepared " after Irons blew his voice. Zoe Leader as Sarafina, Nala's mother, who is shown briefly talking to Simba's mother, Sarabi. The	The	DET	idea	NOUN	 idea
The remote Bob Marshall Wilderness Complex is located in the two forests immediately to the south. The park contains a dozen large lakes and 700 smaller ones, but only 131 lakes have been named. Lake McDonald on the western side of the park is the longest at	at	ADP	9.4	NUM	 9.4
On October 5, Secretary of State Robert Lansing was the first official to propose that Marshall forcibly assume the presidency. Other cabinet secretaries backed Lansing's request, as did Congressional leaders, including members of both the Democratic and Republican parties who sent private communications to Marshall	Marshall	PROPN	.	PUNCT	.
The show's goals were garnered from in house formative research which informed and improved production, and independent summative evaluations conducted by the Educational Testing Service (ETS) during the show's first two seasons that measured the program's educational effectiveness. The first curriculum was created	created	VERB	in	ADP	 in
The route from New Haven to Springfield, crossing the Connecticut River at Hartford, was marked with blue bands, signifying a major north – south route. This route crossed the Quinnipiac River in New Haven, heading north along an old road (now Route 103 and	and	CCONJ	US	PROPN	 US
The bluespotted ribbontail ray (Taeniura lymma) is a species of stingray in the family Dasyatidae. Found from the intertidal zone to a depth of 30 m (100 ft), this species is common throughout the tropical Indian and western Pacific Oceans in nearshore, coral	coral	ADJ	reef	NOUN	 reef
During the filming of Jackson's 1996 film The Frighteners, Universal Pictures was impressed with Jackson's dailies and early visual effects footage. The studio was adamant to work with Jackson on his next project and, in late 1995, offered him the chance to direct a	a	DET	remake	NOUN	 remake
Hook handed Vietnam veteran Staff Sergeant John " Four Leaf " Tayback's (Nick Nolte) memoir, Tropic Thunder, is being made into a film. With the exception of newcomer supporting actor Kevin Sandusky (Jay Baruchel), the cast — fading action hero Tugg	Tugg	PROPN	Speedman	PROPN	 Speedman
The collection was present on the DVD chart for twenty weeks, and ranked at twenty on the Australian Highest Selling Music DVD chart for 2009. The DVD debuted at the top of the Hungarian Top 20 DVD chart on September 27, 2009 and was present for one	one	NUM	week	NOUN	 week
He began on the show as an Indiana state auditor who visits the fictional city of Pawnee to help solve their crippling budget problems, and eventually becomes Pawnee's acting city manager. Chris is an extremely positive person who is constantly upbeat and energetic. Extremely health conscious	conscious	ADJ	,	PUNCT	,
The coin was designed by Laura Gardin Fraser and James Earle Fraser, and commemorates those who traveled the Oregon Trail and settled the Pacific Coast of the United States in the mid 19th century. Struck over a lengthy period in small numbers per year, the many varieties	varieties	NOUN	produced	VERB	 produced
On 21 February 1809, a large French fleet under Admiral Jean Baptiste Willaumez attempted to escape Brest and was chased by the blockade squadron and driven to shelter under the Ile d'Aix. Shortly afterwards, three French frigates attempted to break out of Lorient, but were challenged	challenged	VERB	and	CCONJ	 and
The sketch of the project was done by Lluís Bonet i Garí, Gaudí's assistant. In 1922 Gaudí was commissioned, by the Franciscan Padre Angélico Aranda, to construct a church dedicated to the Assumption in the Chilean city of Rancagua. Gaudí apologised and said that	that	SCONJ	he	PRON	 he
Size definitions must be met for six hours or greater. Its maximum extent is defined as when the cloud shield, or the overall cloud formation, reaches its maximum area. Its eccentricity (minor axis / major axis) is greater than or equal to 0.7 at	at	ADP	maximum	ADJ	 maximum
Thunderstorm activity developed within the monsoon trough 465 kilometres (289 mi) southwest of Guam. The system tracked west northwest, a course it would continue through its life cycle. After crossing the northern portion of Luzon, the system became a tropical depression late on August	August	PROPN	25	NUM	 25
However, the cost of upholding his position at the papal court caused him to sell most of his grandfather Honoré II's art collection, denuding the palace he had earlier so spectacularly enhanced. Louis died before securing the Spanish throne for France, an act which would	would	AUX	have	AUX	 have
Once again Puma King tried to help his uncle, but this time the referee disqualified El Felino for the transgression. La Sombra and El Felino continued to feud, both interfering in a match between Volador Jr. and Místico. The storyline led to Místico, Volador Jr.	Jr.	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
Of these ephemeral productions, " bookplates have survived the best ". Bewick's bookplates were illustrations made from engravings, containing the name or initials of the book's owner. The various editions of Aesop's Fables illustrated by Bewick span almost his entire creative life.	.	PUNCT	The	DET	 The
From this time a business letter from Amy Dudley survives, settling some debts of her husband's in his absence, " although I forgot to move my lord thereof before his departing, he being sore troubled with weighty affairs, and I not being altogether in quiet	quiet	ADJ	for	ADP	 for
As early as 1569, it was proposed that a small fort with a cavalier be built on the Isolotto to prevent the enemy from taking the island and building batteries on it. The threat was again highlighted by the Spanish military engineer Scipione Campi in 1577, and	and	CCONJ	by	ADP	 by
This room also features a fine carved overmantel with a woven love knot and central heart; the ground floor room to the right of the hall contains a further good example of a carved overmantel. One of the rooms has panels decorated with intersecting triangles. Churche's	's	PART	Mansion	PROPN	 Mansion
Another Venus – Jupiter conjunction occurred earlier in August, 3 BC. These events however occurred after the generally accepted date of 4 BC for the death of Herod. Since the conjunction would have been seen in the west at sunset it could not have led the magi	magi	NOUN	south	ADV	 south
Unable to sway enough disaffected Kirchner supporters, Lavagna garnered third place. Alfonsín was honoured by President Cristina Fernández de Kirchner with a bust of his likeness at the Casa Rosada on October 1, 2008. This was his last public appearance. Alfonsín died at home on	on	ADP	31	NUM	 31
She advises Claudius that he should end Otho's ambitions once and for all by abdicating in favour of Nero. Claudius agrees, believing that this will enable him to win Poppaea. Poppaea now plans some deceit of her own, in an effort to divert Claudius's	's	PART	wrath	NOUN	 wrath
Harith had been raised to the kingship and to the position of supreme phylarch by the Byzantine emperor Justinian I (r. 527 – 565), who wished thereby to create a strong counterpart to the Lakhmid rulers. Mundhir had been confirmed as his father's heir as	as	ADV	early	ADV	 early
The eighth species of the genus, the marsh rice rat (O. palustris) is the only member of its own group (unless western populations are classified as a separate species, O. texensis). Oryzomys previously included many other species, which were reclassified in various	various	ADJ	studies	NOUN	 studies
Nova reached the sixth inning only once, however, as he allowed a higher opponents ' batting average and ERA in the fifth inning than in the first four. The Yankees did not include Nova on their postseason roster. Nova entered spring training in 2011 expected to	to	PART	secure	VERB	 secure
In Portal 2, communication is vital to success ". Several reviewers praised the non verbal cues that players could initiate to work with their partners. Portal 2 was praised for the amount of detail in its design, sound, and music. Nelson credited the "	"	PUNCT	sheer	ADJ	 sheer
Yavuz and Midilli returned to the Bosphorus unharmed. On 25 April, the same day the Allies landed at Gallipoli, Russian naval forces arrived off the Bosphorus and bombarded the forts guarding the strait. Two days later Yavuz Sultan Selim headed south to the Dardanelles to bombard	bombard	VERB	Allied	ADJ	 Allied
The Wall Street Journal's Joe Morgenstern enthusiastically praised both the song and the sequence, hailing the latter as " magical " while describing " Happy Working Song " as a " gleeful variation on theme of ' Whistle While You Work ' ". Similarly, Todd McCarthy	McCarthy	PROPN	of	ADP	 of
The Bears drove to their own 47, but on a fourth down conversion attempt, tight end Desmond Clark dropped a potential first down reception after being leveled by defensive back Matt Giordano. The Colts subsequently called eight consecutive Dominic Rhodes runs before turning the ball over on	on	ADP	downs	NOUN	 downs
Middlesbrough's original home kit upon election to the Football League in 1899 was a white home shirt with blue shorts and they did not adopt their colours of red and white until later that season. Previous kits included a white shirt with a blue and white polka dotted	dotted	VERB	collar	NOUN	 collar
Poitier portrays a monster similar to Gamera, a flying turtle monster, and film critic Leonard Maltin transforms into a giant mechanical superhero resembling that of Japanese television superhero Ultraman. During the fights sequence, Stan shouts for Smith to " use robot punch ", a line	line	NOUN	frequently	ADV	 frequently
The carrier ended operations on 30 September 2014 after being fully integrated with Japan Airlines. JAL Express (JEX) was established on April 1, 1997, as a wholly owned domestic subsidiary airline of Japan Airlines (JAL), with an initial capital of ¥ 5.8	5.8	NUM	million	NUM	 million
He assembled a team which contained several Scottish players, and also brought in England international outside right Dicky Bond. Speirs made his debut on the opening day of the 1909 – 10 season, as City lost 1 – 0 to Manchester United. His first goal came	came	VERB	three	NUM	 three
At the time of filming " The Five ", the actors who played Watson and Griffin had not been cast yet. The producers would later cast Peter Wingfield as Watson. According to Amanda Tapping, casting Wingfield was " so easy " as " he has this	this	DET	sensibility	NOUN	 sensibility
General purpose supercomputers have been used to simulate protein folding, but such systems are intrinsically expensive and typically shared among many research groups. Additionally, because the computations in kinetic models are serial in nature, strong scaling of traditional molecular simulations to these architectures is exceptionally difficult	difficult	ADJ	.	PUNCT	.
It is their first album with guitarist Steve Howe who replaced Peter Banks in 1970, and their last in the 1970s to feature keyboardist Tony Kaye. The album was the first by the group not to feature any cover versions, which had been a staple of their	their	PRON	material	NOUN	 material
By 1968, Townshend was unsure about how the Who should progress musically. The group were no longer teenagers, but he wanted their music to remain relevant. His friend, International Times art director Mike McInnerney, told him about the Indian spiritual mentor Meher Baba,	,	PUNCT	and	CCONJ	 and
The conductor Sir Thomas Beecham wrote that for 200 years the chorus was " the national medium of musical utterance " in Britain. However, after the heyday of Victorian choral societies, he noted a " rapid and violent reaction against monumental performances... an appeal from several	several	ADJ	quarters	NOUN	 quarters
However, many clarinetists and conductors prefer to play parts originally written for obscure instruments on B♭ or E♭ clarinets, which are often of better quality and more prevalent and accessible. The clarinet is widely used as a solo instrument. The relatively late evolution of	of	ADP	the	DET	 the
She also sings the lines " Let me feed you, let me run your bath water, whatever you desire " after the thins she had previously listed. Rowland was noted for nearly rapping her solo part during which she promises to " keep my figure right,	,	PUNCT	"	PUNCT	 "
Despite this, Crosby remained popular through his senior year at the university, and he was one of three graduates presented with a class award. Upon graduation from the school, Crosby enrolled in New York Law School and joined a law office in New York City.	.	PUNCT	In	ADP	 In
Gary Rook of Sinclair User similarly praised the gameplay, suggesting that it had a " workmanship " quality to it, however he noted that it lacked a " certain sparkle ". Gordon Hamlett of ZX Computing found some aspects of the gameplay confusing, comparing it to	to	ADP	juggling	VERB	 juggling
Thermogenin is a 33 kDa protein first discovered in 1973. Thermogenin is primarily found in brown adipose tissue, or brown fat, and is responsible for non shivering thermogenesis. Brown adipose tissue is found in mammals, and is at its highest levels in early life and	and	CCONJ	in	ADP	 in
It is widely distributed in mixed and deciduous forests of the southeastern United States, where it grows solitarily or in groups on the ground in late summer and autumn. The mushrooms, which have an odor resembling bleaching powder, are not recommended for consumption. The species	species	NOUN	was	AUX	 was
The first written description of an infinite series that could be used to compute π was laid out in Sanskrit verse by Indian astronomer Nilakantha Somayaji in his Tantrasamgraha, around 1500 AD. The series are presented without proof, but proofs are presented in a later Indian work	work	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
By summing an infinity of such conatuses (i.e., what is now called integration), Leibniz could measure the effect of a continuous force. He defines impetus as the result of a continuous summation of the conatus of a body, just as the vis viva (	(	PUNCT	or	CCONJ	or
On 13 June, Devers ordered Larkin to shift priority for supplies from Fifth Army in Italy to Seventh Army. Two days later, Wilson ordered VI Corps to be withdrawn from the front line in preparation for Anvil. Virtually all the material needed for the assault was	was	AUX	on	ADP	 on
Another dramatic result of Brezhnev's rule was that certain Eastern Bloc countries became more economically advanced than the Soviet Union. Over the eighteen years that Brezhnev ruled the Soviet Union, average income per head increased by half; three quarters of this growth came in the 1960s	1960s	NOUN	and	CCONJ	 and
General Reynolds was shot and killed early in the fighting while directing troop and artillery placements just to the east of the woods. Shelby Foote wrote that the Union cause lost a man considered by many to be " the best general in the army. " Maj.	.	PROPN	Gen.	PROPN	 Gen.
Prohaska was to act in concert with the 11th Battalion who were already in the vicinity of Plužine, just to the north of the Nevesinje – Gacko road. In preparation, the 15th Battalion was trucked to Nevesinje, and a company of the 17th Battalion conducted a	a	DET	coordinated	VERB	 coordinated
They were only able to offer the actors salaries that were well below their usual pay, but they agreed because of the quality of McQuarrie's script and the chance to work with each other. That money fell through, however, and Singer used the script and	and	CCONJ	the	DET	 the
On December 27, 2005, the RCMP confirmed that information in a press release. At the conclusion of the investigation, Serge Nadeau, a top Finance Department civil servant, was charged with criminal breach of trust. No charges were laid against then Finance Minister Ralph	Ralph	PROPN	Goodale	PROPN	 Goodale
Founded in 1908, ANAK's purpose is " to honor outstanding juniors and seniors who have shown both exemplary leadership and a true love for Georgia Tech ". The society is named after Anak, a biblical figure said to be the forefather of a race of giants	giants	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
Beresford followed the instructions slowly but surely and finally began the Siege of Badajoz on 4 May. A positive development for the Allies during this time was the appearance of another Spanish force in the region. The Spanish Regency at Cádiz had sent General Joaquín Blake, with	with	ADP	the	DET	 the
House building on a large scale can not be started before the enormous amount of rubble is cleared. The government and donors must prioritize this most basic step toward helping people return home ". Robert Fox, executive director of Oxfam Canada, said " The dysfunction has	has	AUX	been	AUX	 been
The ruling only applies in Australia and Deckers still owns the trademarks in other jurisdictions such as the US, China, Japan and the European Union. In 1998, Deckers demanded that the American company Koolaburra cease infringing the UGG trademark. Koolaburra replied that they did not	not	PART	use	VERB	 use
On October 8, 2005, at New Japan Pro Wrestling's (NJPW) Toukon Souzou New Chapter event in Tokyo, Japan, Brock Lesnar defeated Kazuyuki Fujita and Masahiro Chono in a Three Way match for the IWGP Heavyweight Championship. He held the title for 280	280	NUM	days	NOUN	 days
The ship did not sink right away, however. Continuing on her way, Sterett was suddenly ambushed by Teruzuki, heavily damaged, and forced to withdraw from the battle area to the east. Aaron Ward wound up in a one on one duel with Kirishima,	,	PUNCT	which	PRON	 which
" In 1993, Korn released their first demo album, Neidermayer's Mind. The album had very limited printing, and was not well received by critics or the public. It was released to record companies and to people who filled out a flyer given out at	at	ADP	gigs	NOUN	 gigs
She suggests that he ask the Stonecutters to do volunteer work to help the community, which Homer agrees to, and has the Stonecutters use their resources to help with daycare and community upkeep. This angers the Stonecutters, who misinterpret Homer's good intentions as going mad	mad	ADJ	with	ADP	 with
Al received an honorable discharge from the US Army on September 1, 1945. Two months later, unable to find Lucille, Al went to the Berkeley, California home of a family friend named Mrs. Champ, who had taken care of and had attempted to adopt	adopt	VERB	Hendrix	NOUN	 Hendrix
These languages are of unique historical significance, since most historical linguists consider Taiwan to be the original homeland of the Austronesian language family (Blust 1999). During the European period (1623 – 1662) soldiers and traders representing the Dutch East India Company maintained a colony	colony	NOUN	in	ADP	 in
If they heard dots, the short 0.2 s pulse, they would know they were too far to the left, and turned to the right in order to reach the centreline. Dashes indicated they should turn left. In the centre the receiver could hear both signals	signals	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
On December 9, Temple Owls matched up against Georgetown. Fran Dunphy earned his 400th career victory, as his Owls upset the tenth ranked Hoyas 68 – 65. At their first home game in almost a month, Temple Owls took an early 6 – 0 lead	lead	NOUN	and	CCONJ	 and
" Her combination of attractive appearance – centered on her large eyes – and somewhat distant and understated manner made her hard at first for MGM to cast and publicize. Davis appeared in eleven feature films, usually typecast as a " loyal housewife ", " responsible young	young	ADJ	mother	NOUN	 mother
Sinden considered the first period of the first Swedish game the team's worst since the team was put together, but the team improved and started to take command. Henderson, Clarke, Cashman and Parise scored. Sinden criticized the German referees: "... they were	were	AUX	absolutely	ADV	 absolutely
Although Dylan had been noncommittal about playing at that event until the last minute, a mutual friend of his and Harrison's, journalist Al Aronowitz, had assured Boyd, " Bob wouldn't let George down "; another performer at the shows, drummer Jim Keltner	Keltner	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
The film is now sold by itself without the original Saw. According to The Numbers.com, which only counts DVD sales in the United States, Saw VI placed number three its first week on the DVD sales chart, selling 220,107 units ($2,766,088) in the	the	DET	United	PROPN	 United
Her mother, Susan, had been a school teacher in the Fitchburg area and during the Civil War was a leader of the Ladies ' Soldiers Aid Society, which provided clothing, blankets, and other supplies to soldiers from Fitchburg and other locations in the state of	of	ADP	Massachusetts	PROPN	 Massachusetts
Curving back to the west, Astride struck northeastern Madagascar between Vohemar and Antsiranana on December 31 as a minimal tropical storm. It emerged into the Mozambique Channel as a tropical depression, and despite forecasts to the contrary, it reintensified into a tropical storm before passing near	near	ADP	Mayotte	PROPN	 Mayotte
He agreed to a four year contract at a salary of $95,000 a year. Even though Skip came from a " major football institution " (Notre Dame), University of Connecticut President Dr. Harry J. Hartley said that the hire " should not be seen as	as	ADP	a	DET	 a
" Not Now " features a church organ in its verses and guitar riffs reminiscent of the Descendents; its subject matter continues the theme of complicated miscommunication and fading love. Due to some contradicting sources, the title of the album (or lack thereof) is debated	debated	VERB	.	PUNCT	.
According to the customs of some tribes, it was considered taboo to skin the animal, while other tribes thought the animal's head had a special status, and saved them for burial. The koala was heavily hunted by European settlers in the early 20th century,	,	PUNCT	largely	ADV	 largely
Hand raised birds can be bought for anywhere between $15,000 to $40,000 in the United States, where they are seldom seen in aviculture. Hand reared birds are able to learn a few words and can be quite affectionate, although males may become imprinted and unlikely	unlikely	ADJ	to	PART	 to
Denver lies within the semi arid, continental climate zone (Köppen climate classification BSk). It has four distinct seasons and receives a modest amount of precipitation spread through the year. Due to its inland location on the High Plains, at the foot of the Rocky	Rocky	PROPN	Mountains	PROPN	 Mountains
He continued to be punished by the Australian batsmen, taking a total of 1 / 178 from 26 overs, an economy rate of 6.84. However, he did manage to resist the Australians with the bat; in his only two innings he made 32 not out	out	ADV	and	CCONJ	 and
Harding biographer Charles W. Murray noted that there is no evidence besides Harvey's word that Harding went to the Hays suite that night, and that other participants denied that Harding was there. Harding was so uncertain of victory that he filed for re election to the Senate	Senate	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
Assuming that the two lobes of the nebula are symmetrical, the projection of the nebula onto the sky depends on its distance. Values of 2,300, 2,250 and 2,300 parsecs have been derived for the Homunculus, and Eta Carinae is clearly at the same distance. The	The	DET	Eta	PROPN	 Eta
Although tenebrae / tenebre is a Latin / Italian word meaning " darkness " or " shadows ", Argento ordered cinematographer Luciano Tovoli to use as much bright light as possible. The director intended that the film be set in the near future and wanted the lighting to	to	PART	help	VERB	 help
He ushered him into the marriage as the other Tuscan princes, Francesco Maria de ' Medici and Gian Gastone de ' Medici, were sickly and unlikely to produce children. The main suitors were: Violante of Bavaria, a Bavarian princess, Isabel Luisa of Portugal (	(	PUNCT	the	DET	the
The creek serves as a tributary of the San Antonio River and forms the easternmost boundary of its watershed. The stream is used for both recreational and political purposes, serving as the eastern boundary of Bexar County, Texas. A wide variety of fish and other wildlife	wildlife	NOUN	are	AUX	 are
Biehn's scene was not featured in the theatrical release of the film, but it was restored in extended versions of the film. Hamilton's then twenty month old son Dalton plays her on screen son in a dream sequence set in a playground. Sven Ole Thorsen	Thorsen	PROPN	played	VERB	 played
There are 13 known isotopes of boron, the shortest lived isotope is 7B which decays through proton emission and alpha decay. It has a half life of 3.5 × 10 − 22 s. Isotopic fractionation of boron is controlled by the exchange reactions of the boron species B	B	PROPN	(	PUNCT	 (
Smits earned five consecutive Primetime Emmy Award for Outstanding Lead Actor in a Drama Series nominations as well as three nominations for Golden Globe Award for Best Actor – Television Series Drama for the Simone role. Smits, who earned the Golden Globe Award at the 53rd Golden Globe	Globe	PROPN	Awards	PROPN	 Awards
NY 253 once entered this junction on Mendon Center Road and followed NY 64 into Pittsford; however, today, NY 64 continues alone onto South Main Street. The route ends just under 1 mile (1.6 km) later at the junction of South Main Street and	and	CCONJ	Jefferson	PROPN	 Jefferson
Tornado Alley covers the northern section of Texas. The state experiences the most tornadoes in the United States, an average of 139 a year. These strike most frequently in North Texas and the Panhandle. Tornadoes in Texas generally occur in the months of April, May	May	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
Steagall and Lanier are credited as the writers of this song from their work on its original version in 1967. Thus, the song was not a new song. For the week ending September 18, 2004, Genius Loves Company sold 202,000 copies, ranking second on	on	ADP	the	DET	 the
Held annually, the Boat Race is a side by side rowing race between crews from the Universities of Oxford and Cambridge along the River Thames. In a race umpired by former Cambridge rower Kenneth Payne, Oxford won by a canvas in a time of 20 minutes 23	23	NUM	seconds	NOUN	 seconds
He tells her that she has a nice smile and he would like to take her out to dinner and a movie, which she accepts. Kevin then accidentally says " Nice... boobs ", but Lynne seems flattered by the statement. The official The Office website	website	NOUN	included	VERB	 included
Zimmerman was subsequently reelected twice to the position, and he served as Hampshire County's prosecuting attorney from 1900 until 1910 (a total of nine years and three months). Zimmerman also served as one of three chancery commissioners for Hampshire County, during which he served	served	VERB	with	ADP	 with
On 8 September 2012, Bond producers announced Craig had signed on for two future Bond films, meaning he will star as 007 in at least five films, making him the third longest serving Bond after Roger Moore who starred in seven films, and Sean Connery who	who	PRON	starred	VERB	 starred
On the night of 26 – 27 April 1942 the Luftwaffe attacked Bath. MacLachlan took off in the evening of the 26 April and headed for airfields around Evreux and Dreux. He claimed a I. / Kampfgeschwader 2 (KG 2 — Bomber Wing 2) Dornier Do	Do	VERB	217	NUM	 217
In 1925, Fender returned to his best form, completing the double with 1,042 runs and 137 wickets. Surrey finished second in the table and by the end of the season had not lost a Championship match at the Oval for five years. However, they never	never	ADV	challenged	VERB	 challenged
The text includes as a closing chorale the fourth stanza of the hymn " Herzlich tut mich verlangen " by Christoph Knoll. The cantata comprises six movements, which opens with a sequence of alternating arias and recitatives leading to a chorus and a concluding chorale. The chorale	chorale	NOUN	tune	NOUN	 tune
Bachi are also held in a number of different styles. In kumi daiko, it is common for a player to hold their sticks in a relaxed manner between the V shape of the index finger and thumb, which points to the player. There are other grips	grips	NOUN	that	PRON	 that
The resistance was alerted to carry out these tasks by messages personnels transmitted by the BBC's French service from London. Several hundred of these messages, which might be snatches of poetry, quotations from literature, or random sentences, were regularly transmitted, masking the few	few	ADJ	that	PRON	 that
His performance was that good, in college and on the Cape. Now, teams appreciate what that means. There's no way he ’ d last that long now. " In 2001, Youkilis made his professional debut as a third baseman with the Lowell Spinners	Spinners	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
On 15 November, as a sub lieutenant, Hashimoto was assigned to the crew of the gunboat Hozu, and was promoted to lieutenant on 1 December. During that time, his brother was killed in action fighting on the Chinese mainland. In 1938 he was assigned	assigned	VERB	to	ADP	 to
The highway was transferred to county jurisdiction in late 1961 when the I 75 / US 10 / US 23 freeway was completed in the area. In 1968, the Michigan Department of Transportation redesignated the western section of M 35 as M 38. M 35 was originally	originally	ADV	planned	VERB	 planned
This also allowed officials great leeway to discriminate. Even if an African American maneuvered past all of these blocks, he still faced the manager of the polling place, who could demand proof he had paid all taxes owed — something difficult to show conclusively. Conviction of	of	ADP	one	NUM	 one
Past Reids Grove, the route continues through a mix of woodland and farmland, still paralleling the power lines and the abandoned railroad. MD 331 reaches Rhodesdale, where it intersects MD 14 (Rhodesdale Eldorado Road). At this intersection, the route makes a left	left	ADJ	turn	NOUN	 turn
This was based, at least in part, in the belief that Boeing B 17 Flying Fortress bombers could deter or defeat an invading force. Soon after the Japanese invasion of the Philippines in 1941, MacArthur, in accordance with the pre war plan, declared Manila	Manila	PROPN	an	DET	 an
Longchamp went to the court of Henry VI, the Holy Roman Emperor, who was holding King Richard I captive at Trifels. The bishop arranged for Richard to be held at the imperial court and negotiated a payment plan for the ransom, 100,000 marks, under the	the	DET	terms	NOUN	 terms
Of the castles built by William the Conqueror two thirds were built in towns and cities, often those with the former Anglo Saxon mints. These urban castles could make use of the existing town's walls and fortifications, but typically required the demolition of local houses to	to	PART	make	VERB	 make
Moyes felt that Brown's superior record on English soil was a result of the crowd attitude, which was more respectful. At Australian grounds, impatient spectators who disliked Brown's cautious batting frequently heckled him, blaming Brown for delaying Bradman's arrival to the crease.	.	PUNCT	Moyes	PROPN	 Moyes
Thirlwall told Sarah Dean of The Huffington Post that the song was also inspired to show how the group has grown in maturity. Little Mix co wrote " DNA " with TMS and Iain James. TMS developed the song's guitar riff, drum beats and synths.	.	PUNCT	It	PRON	 It
For the album cover, Barrett painted the floor of his bedroom in Wetherby Mansions orange and purple. The nude woman appearing on the back of the record sleeve was an acquaintance of his known as " Iggy the Eskimo ". Photographer Mick Rock says, " When	When	SCONJ	I	PRON	 I
The song was performed many times during Mars ' debut world tour, The Doo Wops & Hooligans Tour (2010 2012), as the ninth track on its set list. During the 2016 Grammy Awards, Mars had a flask, filled with a drink, to	to	PART	"	PUNCT	 "
It was certified Gold by the Federation of the Italian Music Industry (FIMI) for selling 15,000 copies in that territory. The recording remained a number one hit in Bulgaria, while peaking at number 70 in Czech Republic, number 38 in Hungary, number 18 in	in	ADP	Slovakia	PROPN	 Slovakia
Harper enrolled at the University of Toronto but dropped out after two months. He then moved to Edmonton, Alberta, where he found work in the mail room at Imperial Oil. Later, he advanced to work on the company's computer systems. He took up	up	ADP	post	NOUN	 post
" Itoelah Asalkoe Tobat " (Perfected Spelling: " Itulah Asalku Tobat ", meaning " Thus Did I Repent ") tells of Hajji Malik, a former criminal who became devoted to his prayers in his old age. A fellow villager goes to see Malik and	and	CCONJ	asks	VERB	 asks
The slender Viper 1 and smaller Viper 2 were designed for use as a police officer's backup weapon. The Viper 5 was designed to be used by naval boat crews, as the handle was contoured with a rear brake so as to not slip from the user	user	NOUN	's	PART	's
Due to a real life arrangement with WWF owner Vince McMahon, Hogan was supposed to lose the title to Bret Hart, but he changed his mind and refused to lose to Hart. He formed a compromise that allowed him to face Yokozuna in a rematch at King	King	PROPN	of	ADP	 of
Kneale claimed to have picked his leading character's unusual last name at random from a London telephone directory. He chose the character's first name, Bernard, in honour of astronomer Bernard Lovell. The working titles for the production were The Unbegotten and Bring Something Back	Back	ADV	...	PUNCT	...
He also noted the lack of audience interference, suggesting either good behavior by attendees or subtle work by audio engineers. Michael Miller complimented the quality of the recording for having " no problems of intonation or ensemble " and said the album " belongs in the reference collection	collection	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
In modern Israel, this filling dish, in many variations, is still eaten on the Sabbath day, not only in religiously observant households, and is also served in some restaurants during the week. The basic ingredients are meat and beans or rice simmered overnight on	on	ADP	a	DET	 a
Through the rest of the 1990s, The Wiggles maintained a busy recording and touring schedule, becoming as Field reported and despite his strong dislike of touring, " the hardest working touring act in the country ". They released multiple albums and home videos and, depending	depending	VERB	upon	SCONJ	 upon
A ritual was carried out at the site in 1989 in order to reestablish the ruins as a sacred place for Maya ceremonies. United States President George W. Bush visited the site in 2007, and in the same year Iximche was the venue for the III Continental Summit	Summit	PROPN	of	ADP	 of
The museum building which was an archaeological research institution of the French School of the Far East under French colonial rule (Louis Finot École française d'Extrême Orient EFEO) of 1910, was extensively refurbished in 1920. It was redesigned between 1926 and 1932 by architect Ernest Hébrard	Hébrard	PROPN	.	PUNCT	.
The second comes from the conversion of the Mérens to a leisure horse in the 1980s, and aims to transform the physical type of the breed into a more sports oriented horse to ensure the survival of the breed. This dichotomy has become a source of tension between	between	ADP	farmers	NOUN	 farmers
After The Lockers disbanded, Tony Go Go went on to open a locking school in Japan in 1985. Roboting comes from Richmond, California. Before joining The Lockers, Charles Robot had his own dance crew called The Robot Brothers. He was inspired in 1969 by	by	ADP	a	DET	 a
Paul Verna, singles editorial for Billboard magazine, called the song a " spunky cumbia ", while John Lannert, also from Billboard, called it a " peppy cumbia ". Written in the key of E minor, the beat is set in common time and	and	CCONJ	moves	NOUN	 moves
Cultivation of edible Russulaceae, as in other ectomycorrhizal fungi, is challenging, since the presence of host trees is required. In spite of this difficulty, the European Lactarius deliciosus has been successfully grown in " mushroom orchards " in New Zealand. Fruitbodies of Russulaceae have	have	AUX	been	AUX	 been
Q * bert is an action game with puzzle elements played from an axonometric third person perspective to convey a three dimensional look. The game is played using a single, diagonally mounted four way joystick. The player controls Q * bert, who starts each game at	at	ADP	the	DET	 the
Still, he strongly suggested Patton apologize to all involved. On 21 August, Patton brought Bennett into his office; he apologized and the men shook hands. On 22 August, he met with Currier as well as the medical staff who had witnessed the events in	in	ADP	each	DET	 each
Eventually, the Expédition d'Irlande was despatched in December 1796 under Admiral Morard de Galles, consisting of 17 ships of the line and 27 smaller vessels, and carrying as many as 25,000 men. Despite elements of the force spending up to a week in Bantry Bay,	,	PUNCT	not	PART	 not
Liu Bang assumed the title " emperor " (huangdi) at the urging of his followers and is known posthumously as Emperor Gaozu (r. 202 – 195 BC). Chang ' an was chosen as the new capital of the reunified empire under Han. At the	the	DET	beginning	NOUN	 beginning
Due to his high profile and visibility, Giuliani was supported by the state Republican Party, even though he had irritated many by endorsing incumbent Democratic Governor Mario Cuomo over Republican George Pataki in 1994. Giuliani became the presumptive Republican nominee, and by April 1999 had formed	formed	VERB	a	DET	 a
This became impractical when Germany invaded Poland on September 1, 1939; subsequently Germany withdrew its bid to host the Games. Finland believed it could host the Games and extended an invitation to the IOC, but the Soviet Union's invasion of Finland ended all hope of	of	ADP	an	DET	 an
Players may need to balance a budget, such as managing debt, or paying down maintenance costs. 4X games often model political challenges such as civil disorder, or a senate that can oust the player's political party or force them to make peace. Such complexity	complexity	NOUN	requires	VERB	 requires
He performed with David Gilmour at the Hoping Foundation Benefit Evening in July 2010. The four song set included: " To Know Him Is to Love Him ", which was played in early Pink Floyd sound checks, followed by " Wish You Were Here ",	,	PUNCT	"	PUNCT	 "
BES assigns grades for each of four categories: hydrology, water quality, habitat, and fish and wildlife. Hydrology grades depend on the amount of pavement and other impervious surfaces in the watershed and to what degree its streams flow freely, not dammed or diverted.	.	PUNCT	Water	NOUN	 Water
Cooked tarantula spiders are considered a delicacy in Cambodia, and by the Piaroa Indians of southern Venezuela. Spider venoms may be a less polluting alternative to conventional pesticides as they are deadly to insects but the great majority are harmless to vertebrates. Possible medical uses for spider	spider	NOUN	venoms	NOUN	 venoms
It has been compared with Charles Rennie Mackintosh's Glasgow School of Art and it is sometimes suggested that Mackintosh's designs for the later part of the school were inspired by Holden's, although Pevsner noted that Mackintosh's designs were in circulation earlier. The building is	is	AUX	Grade	PROPN	 Grade
In this, she was following children ’ s writers such as Thomas Day who, in his popular The History of Sandford and Merton (1783 – 89), also emphasised learning by experience rather than by rote and rules. Gary Kelly, in his book on	on	ADP	Wollstonecraft	PROPN	 Wollstonecraft
In Pokémon Diamond and Pearl, gender differences were introduced; a female Pikachu now has an indent at the end of its tail, giving it a heart shaped appearance. They attack primarily by projecting electricity from their bodies at their targets. Within the context of the	the	DET	franchise	NOUN	 franchise
Formica polyctena, among other ant species, constructs nests that maintain a relatively constant interior temperature that aids in the development of larvae. The ants maintain the nest temperature by choosing the location, nest materials, controlling ventilation and maintaining the heat from solar radiation, worker	worker	NOUN	activity	NOUN	 activity
A spokesman for Ono said McCartney was making " an attempt to rewrite history ". In a Rolling Stone interview in 1987, Ono pointed out McCartney's place in the process of the disintegration of the band. On the 1998 John Lennon anthology, Lennon Legend,	,	PUNCT	the	DET	 the
The airport is located at 49° 27′ 45 ″ N 119° 36′ 08 ″ W on 3000 Airport Road in Penticton, 1.8 nautical miles (3.3 km; 2.1 mi) southwest of city centre, situated off of Highway 97. It is located 73 kilometers	kilometers	NOUN	(	PUNCT	 (
When Middleton reached the university's mandatory retirement age of 70 in 1959, the Alumni Council adopted a resolution to have the Board of Supervisors waive the age requirement, and allow Middleton to stay on as president. This was done, and again at the end of	of	ADP	the	DET	 the
In " Pac Man Fever ", the April 24, 2013 episode of the American TV series Supernatural, the character Charlie Bradbury (played by Felicia Day) is seen wearing a Lying Cat T shirt. Day, who has referred to Saga as the " best	best	ADJ	comic	ADJ	 comic
Leng groups the song with another Extra Texture track, " Grey Cloudy Lies ", however, as " two slabs of introspection " that suffer from being " part calls for tolerance and part expression of downright despair ". " [T] he old, bold	bold	ADJ	George	PROPN	 George
West praised the " lovely little guitar solo " and gave the song a " B "; Chaney bestowed the same grade and called it a " cheesy moment " but a " nice job " by Salling. Futterman commented that Puck got to " showcase his nice	nice	ADJ	falsetto	NOUN	 falsetto
Later analysis indicated that these figures constituted the hurricane's peak intensity. After peaking, Dot slightly weakened, but maintained its Category 4 status for more than two days; during that time it boasted an unusually large eye spanning as much as 40 mi (65 km	km	NOUN	)	PUNCT	)
Immediately following the collapse, Governor Pawlenty and Mn / DOT announced that the Illinois based engineering firm of Wiss, Janney, Elstner Associates, Inc. had also been selected to provide essential analysis that would parallel the investigation being conducted by the NTSB. One week after the	the	DET	collapse	NOUN	 collapse
When Kyla discovered a small supply in his desk drawer, she assumed he was HIV positive, and after failing to extract a confession from Abra, terminated their relationship. The misunderstanding was resolved several episodes later, when Abra was able to win her back by serenading	serenading	VERB	her	PRON	 her
In Commonweal he serialised a 13 episode poem, The Pilgrims of Hope, which was set in the period of the Paris Commune. From November 1886 to January 1887, Morris ' novel, A Dream of John Ball, was serialised in Commonweal. Set in Kent	Kent	PROPN	during	ADP	 during
" You're Not Sorry " received moderately positive reviews from critics. Rob Sheffield of Blender magazine received " You're Not Sorry " negatively and used the word " drippy " to describe it. Sheffield added that, in the song, by comparison, " she	she	PRON	reminds	VERB	 reminds
" Naan Mahaan Alla was dubbed into Telugu and released as Naa Peru Shiva in 2011; it was very successful and earned Karthi some Telugu film offers. Karthi's next film was the action – masala Siruthai (2011), a remake of the 2006 Telugu film	film	NOUN	Vikramarkudu	NOUN	 Vikramarkudu
NY 324 is known by two names along its routing: Grand Island Boulevard on Grand Island and Sheridan Drive in the northern suburbs of Buffalo. As the latter, the route serves as a major commercial strip for Tonawanda, Amherst, and Clarence. NY 324,	,	PUNCT	assigned	VERB	 assigned
The declaration designated the affected citizens eligible for grants to pay for temporary housing, house repairs, and serious disaster related expenses. The declaration also allowed for federal funding for 75% of the repair cost for replacing public facilities. By two months after the storm,	,	PUNCT	659	NUM	 659
McClellan, Ervin, McCarthy, and Mundt were drawn from Government Operations, and Kennedy, McNamara, Ives, and Goldwater from Labor. An equal number of Democrats and Republicans sat on the Select Committee. Senator McClellan was named chair of the Select Committee, and	and	CCONJ	Republican	ADJ	 Republican
Whereas temperatures on Saturn are normally − 185° C, temperatures on the vortex often reach as high as − 122° C, suspected to be the warmest spot on Saturn. A persisting hexagonal wave pattern around the north polar vortex in the atmosphere at about 78	78	NUM	°	NUM	°
Another team gave the local officials seismographs, but no instructions on how to operate them. Volcanic activity increased again in November 1985 as magma neared the surface. Increasing quantities of gases rich in sulfur dioxide and elemental sulfur began to appear in the volcano. The water	water	NOUN	content	NOUN	 content
Charlie and the Chocolate Factory earned $56,178,450 in its opening weekend, the fifth highest opening weekend gross for 2005 and stayed at # 1 for two weeks. The film eventually grossed $206,459,076 in US totals and $268,509,687 in foreign countries, coming to a worldwide	worldwide	ADJ	total	NOUN	 total
Many self identified lesbians neglect to see a physician because they do not participate in heterosexual activity and require no birth control, which is the initiating factor for most women to seek consultation with a gynecologist when they become sexually active. As a result, many lesbians are	are	AUX	not	PART	 not
" In 1992 GCC distributed a half hour video entitled The Greening of Planet Earth, to hundreds of journalists, the White House, and several Middle Eastern oil producing countries, which suggested that increasing atmospheric carbon dioxide could boost crop yields and solve world hunger. In	In	ADP	1993	NUM	 1993
The night prior to the challenge, the UN representative returns with the chance for Chris to escape and reunite with his estranged wife, who has left the country. He declines. Mike is the superior driver but using a creative interpretation of challenge rules, Chris forces	forces	VERB	Mike	PROPN	 Mike
When Plagis learned what had happened, he was inconsolable, holding himself responsible. In his journal, he vowed to " shoot down ten for Doug — I will too, if it takes me a lifetime ". Plagis shot down his first enemy aircraft on 25	25	NUM	March	PROPN	 March
Martin Cameron quickly followed, and Robin Millhouse consulted with members from his constituency before agreeing to resign from the LCL. Ian Wilson, who had earlier managed to convince Hall not to form a separate party, tried in vain to sway him to remain with the LCL	LCL	PROPN	and	CCONJ	 and
RSMAS offers a joint program with the UM Law School which awards its students both a Juris Doctor degree and a Master of Arts in Marine Affairs and Policy. RSMAS also administrates the University of Miami's undergraduate Marine Science, Marine Affairs, and Meteorology programs on the	the	DET	main	ADJ	 main
It has a steel penetrator and an aluminum core. The SS190 has been manufactured with a plain, black, and a black on white tip color. It is classified by the ATF as armor piercing (AP) handgun ammunition, and its sale is currently restricted	restricted	VERB	by	ADP	 by
A force of 5,000 additional Marathas was located at the confluence of two rivers — the Mula and the Mutha — under the leadership of Vinchurkar, but they remained idle. Bapu Gokhale retreated to guard the Peshwa in flight. The next morning, General Smith advanced towards	towards	ADP	the	DET	 the
Complementing Kaufmann and True's work, the Norwegian born, naturalized American sculptor Oskar J.W. Hansen designed many of the sculptures on and around the dam. His works include the monument of dedication plaza, a plaque to memorialize the workers killed and the bas reliefs on the	the	DET	elevator	NOUN	 elevator
The teaching that God would restore the Jews to Palestine was discontinued around the same time. Russell's teaching that the Great Pyramid of Giza was built under God's direction was overturned in 1928, when Rutherford asserted that it had been built under the direction of Satan	Satan	PROPN	for	ADP	 for
Grant believed the bill would destroy the credit of the nation, and he vetoed it despite their objections. Grant's veto, supported by Fish, placed him in the conservative faction of the Republican party, and was the beginning of the party's commitment to a	a	DET	strong	ADJ	 strong
Starting with the ninth episode of the final season, " Patriot ", the Justice League are alerted to the arrival of Darkseid, and for the rest of the season they attempt to stop him before he destroys Earth. Subsequent episodes " Dominion " and " Prophecy	Prophecy	PROPN	"	PUNCT	 "
Despite his many successes, during the last twenty years of his life Alexios lost much of his popularity. This was largely due to the harsh measures he was forced to take in order to save the embattled empire. Conscription was introduced, causing resentment among the peasantry	peasantry	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
Kennedy's younger brother, Edward Moore " Ted " Kennedy, eulogized him with the words: My brother need not be idealized, or enlarged in death beyond what he was in life; to be remembered simply as a good and decent man, who saw wrong	wrong	NOUN	and	CCONJ	 and
Reid was also instrumental in organising the public lectures that were established in Edinburgh in the 1540s on law, Greek, Latin and philosophy, under the patronage of the queen consort Mary of Guise. These developed into the " Tounis College " of the city, which	which	PRON	would	AUX	 would
Situated in a valley through the Hampshire Downs at an average altitude of 88 metres (289 ft) Basingstoke is a major interchange between Reading, Newbury, Andover, Winchester, and Alton, and lies on the natural trade route between the southwest of England and London	London	PROPN	.	PUNCT	.
Ramasamy was signed as art director, and D. Vasu as editor. Ashok Kumar and Ramachandra Babu were the initial choices for cinematographer, but actor Kamal Haasan recommended Balu Mahendra for the job, which Mahendran accepted, leading to Mahendra making his debut in Tamil cinema.	.	PUNCT	Chettiar	PROPN	 Chettiar
In 1973, the church appeared on a 50 cent postage stamp, one of four in a series illustrating Australian architecture issued to commemorate the opening of the Sydney Opera House. The Old Supreme Court Building next to the church is of the same date. Across the	the	DET	square	NOUN	 square
In 1911 he led one of the first organized player strikes over increased pay. When the Wanderers ' home arena burned down in January 1918, the team ceased operations and Ross retired as a player. After several years as an on ice official, he was named	named	VERB	head	NOUN	 head
Politically, he aligned himself with the Conservative Party of Canada. In his free time he enjoyed the sports of baseball and football. He died at a hospital in Edmonton on June 9, 1947 at the age of 80, after an illness of two weeks.	.	PUNCT	He	PRON	 He
The finishing post for the Boat Race is just downstream of Chiswick Bridge. Chiswick was historically the ancient parish of St Nicholas in the county of Middlesex, with an agrarian and fishing economy beside the river centred on Church Street. Having good communications with London from an	an	DET	early	ADJ	 early
The Divine Word Missionaries built a church in the Jiaozhou Bay concession in Shandong in 1902, and in 1934 erected the cathedral, which remained nominally under their administration until 1964. In 1942 it came under the control of the Japanese Army, returning to Chinese control when	when	SCONJ	the	DET	 the
McCarthy considered the Adventures of Tintin to be " stupendously rich ", containing " a mastery of plot and symbol, theme and sub text " which, influenced by Tisseron's psychoanalytical readings of the work, he believed could be deciphered to reveal a series of recurring	recurring	VERB	themes	NOUN	 themes
The sixth aspect of the Six Paths, the Deva Path (天道, Tendō), provides five known abilities based on gravitation. The first is Almighty Push (神羅天征, Shinra Tensei, lit. " Heavenly Subjugation of the Omnipresent God "), which uses	uses	VERB	the	DET	 the
The Disi Water Conveyance project was first proposed in the 1990s, but was initially regarded as too expensive. A feasibility study was completed in 1996. But it was not until 2007 that the Jordanian Government was able to contract a firm to begin construction. The project	project	NOUN	proposed	VERB	 proposed
Ben Lyons and Ben Mankiewicz gave the film a " See It " and " Skip It ", respectively, on their show At the Movies with the latter mentioning that it " is the worst big budget summer release I've seen in some time ". Arnold	Arnold	PROPN	Schwarzenegger	PROPN	 Schwarzenegger
Lyrically, the group discusses a wide range of topics including urban life as hustlers, existential introspection, and extraterrestrial life. The album's title is a portmanteau of " ATL " (an abbreviation of Atlanta, Georgia) and " aliens ", which has been	been	AUX	interpreted	VERB	 interpreted
William Howie, Baron Howie of Troon served as a publishing consultant to Parliamentary Monitoring Services in 2004; in 2007 The Times reported that Lord Howie received " regular remunerated employment " from the company. In 2005, Zetter was Managing Director of the company's sister firm	firm	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
Billboard also placed The Monster Ball Tour at position four on their Year end Top 25 Tours of 2010. They reported that the tour had grossed US $116 million from 122 shows, with an audience of 1.3 million. By the end of the year, Pollstar	Pollstar	PROPN	announced	VERB	 announced
802 – 811) and an Abbasid army under Ibrahim ibn Jibril. Nikephoros ' accession in 802 resulted in a resumption of warfare between Byzantium and the Abbasid Caliphate. In late summer 804, the Abbasids had invaded Byzantine Asia Minor for one of their customary raids,	,	PUNCT	and	CCONJ	 and
The geometry consulting company Evolute GmbH developed panelling that rationalised the 5,400 square metres (58,000 sq ft) double curved freeform glass surface into 855 planar and cylindrical panels, all in hot bent toughened glass. This solution allowed for minimising the number of shapes necessary by 93	93	NUM	%	NOUN	%
The forwards were considered to be at least equal to, if not better, than the English. Guillemin and Duval amongst the forwards, as well as the backs Hubert and Moure, drew praise from Reichel. Guillemin was selected for the next game between Wales and	and	CCONJ	France	PROPN	 France
Commissioned by the conservative Belgian newspaper Le Vingtième Siècle as anti communist propaganda for its children's supplement Le Petit Vingtième, it was serialised weekly from January 1929 to May 1930 before being published in a collected volume by Éditions du Petit Vingtième in 1930. The story tells	tells	VERB	of	ADP	 of
The events of early Season 2 were said to mark a shift in the story from mystery to journey, with Ben accepting and exploring his powers, while Brother Justin was seen completely embracing his evil nature. Reviewers regarded Sofie's turn in the final episode as an	an	DET	unexpected	ADJ	 unexpected
Markgraf's 8.8 cm guns were removed and replaced with four 8.8 cm anti aircraft guns. The ship's main armored belt was 350 millimeters (14 in) thick. The deck was 30 mm (1.2 in) thick; the main battery turrets and forward conning	conning	VERB	tower	NOUN	 tower
", two singles from Tragic Kingdom, neither of which were commercially successful, or " Squeal " and " Doghouse " from The Beacon Street Collection, which were both independently released. " Girls Get the Bass in the Back ", a remix of " Hey	Hey	INTJ	Baby	PROPN	 Baby
He was interviewed by Don Imus on his Imus in the Morning radio show and put in guest appearances on Late Night with Jimmy Fallon and Live with Regis and Kelly. Morrison continued with the Astral Weeks performances with two concerts at the Royal Albert Hall in London in	in	ADP	April	PROPN	 April
First held in 1829, the race takes place on the 4.2 mile (6.8 km) Championship Course on the River Thames in southwest London. The rivalry is a major point of honour between the two universities and followed throughout the United Kingdom and broadcast worldwide. Cambridge	Cambridge	PROPN	went	VERB	 went
Throughout the day, Warren's squadron closed from the north east while Bompart made frantic efforts to reach open water. Both fleets were hindered by a gale which swept the sea shortly before 20: 00. All three of Hoche's topmasts were blown down and her	her	PRON	mizzensail	NOUN	 mizzensail
On the other hand, Jeremy Parish of 1UP.com was particularly critical of the game, finding the game painful to play and describing it as " something of a dark spot on a brilliant series ' reputation. " Parish found the game's premise " ambitious ",	,	PUNCT	adding	VERB	 adding
It was Federer's first victory over Nadal in over 3 and a half years, having lost the previous 5 meetings. The rivalry between Federer and Nadal has been a huge part of both men's careers. Their Grand Slam tournament histories are of particular interest,	,	PUNCT	especially	ADV	 especially
As of 2012 the ground and top floors of the main house, together with the adjacent wings, are used as accommodation for the elderly. The reception rooms of the first floor are open to the public at advertised times, and are entered by the original stairway	stairway	NOUN	on	ADP	 on
The resulting sharp bend in the course of the road could also be exploited in case of need to block the road. A modern dam, Alakır Barajı, was constructed upstream for irrigation purposes and flood protection. Lycia did not, in contrast to other Roman provinces	provinces	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
Nokian Tyres licenses production of its tyres to companies in the United States (Bridgestone, LaVergne, Tennessee plant), Slovakia (Matador, Puchov plant), Indonesia (PT Gajah Tunggal Tbk company), and the People's Republic of China (Giti Tire)	)	PUNCT	,	PUNCT	,
Watson is based on commercially available IBM Power 750 servers that have been marketed since February 2010. IBM also intends to market the DeepQA software to large corporations, with a price in the millions of dollars, reflecting the $1 million needed to acquire a server that	that	PRON	meets	VERB	 meets
Rave music may either refer to the late 1980s / early 1990s genres of house, acid house and techno, the first genres of music in the world to be played at raves, or any other genre of electronic dance music that may be played at a rave	rave	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
The Newsboys have played this song ever since Tait joined in early 2009. The band also released a new recording of the song with KJ 52 on their 2010 album Born Again. On the DC Talk tribute album, Freaked! (2006), both 4th Avenue	Avenue	PROPN	Jones	PROPN	 Jones
Regarding the Vietnam War, Romney called for the withdrawal of all American troops by the end of 1971, and characterized the war as " disastrous ". She was troubled by the ongoing Cambodian Incursion and said that if elected she would vote to cut off its funds	funds	NOUN	if	SCONJ	 if
Although relatively heavy with a high sink rate, the Hotspur exhibited good flying characteristics and could even be flown aerobatically, allowing novice pilots to quickly gain proficiency. The first glider pilots were curiously named " glider coxswains ". Glider pilots first trained at an Elementary Flying	Flying	PROPN	Training	PROPN	 Training
Jerry calls Ray and has lunch with him, while George sits in the next booth and eavesdrops on their conversation. Jerry and George asks him about the statue, but Ray gets offended and leaves when he hears their opinion. Elaine and Rava get into an argument	argument	NOUN	about	ADP	 about
Expert opinion varies from " use both levers equally at first " to " the fastest that you can stop any bike of normal wheelbase is to apply the front brake so hard that the rear wheel is just about to lift off the ground, " depending on road	road	NOUN	conditions	NOUN	 conditions
She is voiced by Melissa Fahn in the English version, and Tomoe Hanba in the Japanese version. In 1994, video game developers Wolf Team signed a deal with publisher Namco to release the game that would be Tales of Phantasia, which was later released in 1995	1995	NUM	in	ADP	 in
String and wind instruments play an important role in Barbadian folk culture, especially the bow fiddle, banjo and acoustic guitar; more modern groups also use an electric and bass guitar. The shukster is a distinctive instrument, made by stretching a guitar string between two sides	sides	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
The mayor is the chief executive of the city, and the office is held in 2010 by Frank G. Jackson. Previous mayors of Cleveland include progressive Democrat Tom L. Johnson, World War I era War Secretary and founder of Baker Hostetler law firm Newton D. Baker,	,	PUNCT	United	PROPN	 United
The English (or Shakespearean) sonnet follows the rhyme scheme abab, cdcd, efef, gg, introducing a third quatrain (grouping of four lines), a final couplet, and a greater amount of variety with regard to rhyme than is usually found in its	its	PRON	Italian	ADJ	 Italian
In addition to supplying acoustic rhythm guitar on the song, Harrison played an electric guitar solo, which appears shortly after the two minute mark on the recording, following Clapton's lead guitar break. Hammond organ was also added over this instrumental passage, although the part	part	NOUN	is	AUX	 is
After Henry's death, the Welsh attempted to drive out the Norman lords who had been extending their control into Wales during Henry's reign. Pain was with King Stephen at the siege of Exeter from June to August 1136, early in the king's reign.	.	PUNCT	Crouch	NOUN	 Crouch
The Prime Minister, Gladstone, called several times to enquire about his rival's condition, and wrote in his diary, " May the Almighty be near his pillow. " There was intense public interest in the former Prime Minister's struggles for life. Disraeli had	had	AUX	customarily	ADV	 customarily
Application of social sustainability requires stakeholders to look at human and labor rights, prevention of human trafficking, and other human rights risks. These issues should be considered in production and procurement of various worldwide commodities. The international community has identified many industries whose practices have been	been	AUX	known	VERB	 known
Provisions in the dispute ending treaty imposed restrictions on both countries ' navies. The United Kingdom's Royal Navy bought the two Constitución class pre dreadnought battleships that were being built for Chile, and Argentina sold its two Rivadavia class armored cruisers under construction in Italy to Japan	Japan	PROPN	.	PUNCT	.
Emergency vehicle drivers abandoned their vehicles counter to established policy in the course of the rescue efforts. This prevented other vehicles from being able to access the crash area. The road was so impassible, many rescue workers left their vehicles miles away and made it to the	the	DET	scene	NOUN	 scene
" Carroll further opined that " [Robey] has never failed in anything he has undertaken. He is one of the most intelligent and capable of actors. " Henry IV, Part I opened on 28 February at Her Majesty's Theatre, and Robey proved himself	himself	PRON	to	PART	 to
After making landfall near Jacmel, Hurricane Gustav began traversing northwestward across the mountainous terrain of southwestern Haiti, dumping heavy rains as it passed. With favorable atmospheric conditions the storm maintained its hurricane intensity for several hours after landfall, but the high mountains over which it was	was	AUX	traveling	VERB	 traveling
The presence of mutagens may induce the release of some immature " micronucleated " erythrocytes into the bloodstream. Anucleated cells can also arise from flawed cell division in which one daughter lacks a nucleus and the other has two nuclei. In flowering plants, this condition occurs in	in	ADP	sieve	ADJ	 sieve
And air quality, water quality, no matter where we live on this big globe, we're all responsible, and that's the message we're trying to portray. " In June 2007, the government mandated Alberta Energy and Utilities Board admitted that it had	had	AUX	hired	VERB	 hired
When May was absent from the team with illness during parts of 1960 and 1961, Cowdrey replaced him. Allen and May's first series in control resulted in a 3 – 2 win over South Africa. In 1956, the Australians toured England. The home team	team	NOUN	won	VERB	 won
A junior and infant department opened in September 1997 after the closure of St Audrey's Convent school. St Audrey's was a feeder school, and its closure allowed the then headmaster, Robert Repper, to transfer most of the teaching staff to the new junior school	school	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
As an example, a filter with a 3: 1 stopband might have five teeth across the width of the waveguide. The number of rows of teeth down the length of the waveguide primarily affects the stopband attenuation. The more rows of teeth, the better the	the	DET	attenuation	NOUN	 attenuation
The success of the music produced by the movement and its passage from underground phenomenon to mainstream genre, prompted its main promoter Geoff Barton to declare the NWOBHM finished in 1981. He felt disappointed by the low quality of the new bands and frustrated by the ease with	with	ADP	which	PRON	 which
The Southern Railway considered naming the locomotives after victories of the Second World War, to the extent that a mocked up nameplate River Plate was produced. In the event, when early successes for the British proved few and far between, the chairman of the Union Castle	Castle	PROPN	Line	PROPN	 Line
Battalions, companies, and platoons, cut off and isolated, fought independently of higher control and help except for airdrops which supplied many of them. Airdrops also supplied relief forces trying to reach the front line units. Tanks and armored cars drove to the isolated units	units	NOUN	with	ADP	 with
The Court reversed the ruling of the Court of Appeals, holding that President George W. Bush did not have authority to set up the war crimes tribunals and finding the special military commissions illegal under both military justice law and the Geneva Conventions. Associate Justice John Paul Stevens	Stevens	PROPN	wrote	VERB	 wrote
The species is protected by national and international measures, but the IUCN Red List recommends further research on various aspects of the species as well as efforts to increase public awareness of the animal. In addition, old forests need to be conserved and the species ' cave	cave	NOUN	roosts	NOUN	 roosts
A disturbance in the South Indian convergence zone near Seychelles persisted on October 24 with an area of convection. It gradually organized while passing near Agaléga. On October 27, it developed into a tropical depression, and after Dvorak classifications of 2.5, the system was named	named	VERB	Arilisy	PROPN	 Arilisy
The eyes of the queens and males are larger than in workers. Specimens of Tatuidris are small, about 3.5 millimeters (0.14 in) in total length, but specimens can vary greatly in size, with larger specimens being twice as large as the smaller ones.	.	PUNCT	Size	NOUN	 Size
The United States energy market is about 29,000 terawatt hours per year. Energy consumption per capita is 7.8 tons (7076 kg) of oil equivalent per year, the 10th highest rate in the world. In 2005, 40% of this energy came from petroleum,	,	PUNCT	23	NUM	 23
Michalka has said that it was difficult for the writers to incorporate her storylines with the others. During the 2010 Television Critics Association press tour held in Los Angeles on July 29, 2010, lead actresses Michalka and Tisdale were asked about the idea of singing on the	the	DET	show	NOUN	 show
He aspires to make his works look like they have independent realities that he reveals rather than creates. For him, removing all the seams from Cloud Gate was necessary in order to make the sculpture seem as though it was " perfect " and ready made. These	These	DET	effects	NOUN	 effects
For practical purposes the same verse, closing Ihr, die ihr euch von Christo nennet, BWV 164, in 1725, may be used. In the following table of the movements, the scoring follows the Neue Bach Ausgabe, and the abbreviations for voices and instruments	instruments	VERB	the	DET	 the
Most of the other contemporary yoga systems alluded in the Upanishads and some Pali canons are lost to time. The early Buddhist texts describe meditative practices and states, some of which the Buddha borrowed from the śramaṇa tradition. The Pali canon contains three passages in which the	the	DET	Buddha	PROPN	 Buddha
By the mid 1980s Cameron was focusing to a greater extent on her family life, particularly in looking after her grandchildren, who were known to go joyriding in her jeep. Neighbors recall her playing a Celtic harp in her garden and slowly walking her dog around the	the	DET	block	NOUN	 block
In 1271 or 1272 his first son was born, and in reference to the new family title, William named his son after the legendary hero Guy of Warwick. William de Beauchamp was a capable military commander, who played an important part in the Welsh and Scottish	Scottish	ADJ	wars	NOUN	 wars
He knew that Pennant, with little skill or inclination as a field naturalist, was gathering observations to publish in his books; he quickly determined that he would make his own use of the correspondence, and kept copies of every letter he sent to Pennant. White	White	PROPN	was	AUX	 was
However, Arsenal couldn't capitalise on the opportunities and the final corner ended in the ball being shot a distance over the bar. The first half ended, Arsenal having dominated but the Cardiff City defence had stopped them each time. There was an incident in the	the	DET	crowd	NOUN	 crowd
Gill missed only three games in all competitions in the 2007 – 08 season, and then signed a contract for yet another year with the club. Manager Keith Downing said: Jerry's form has been impressively consistent over the past few seasons, he has maintained excellent	excellent	ADJ	fitness	NOUN	 fitness
In the ensuing struggle, Maymun was driven from the city and forced to surrender the Rus ' soldiers, but he returned in 992. In 1030, the Rus ' raided the region of Shirvan; the ruler of Ganja then paid them much money to help suppress	suppress	VERB	a	DET	 a
The episode stayed up for the remainder of the week, then taken down, and added to the site three weeks later. Within a week, the site served more than a million streams of full episodes, and the number grew to 55 million by October 2008	2008	NUM	.	PUNCT	.
He later discovered East Coast hip hop. During the recording of Rival Factions, the band took heavy influence from post punk groups like Depeche Mode, Joy Division, Psychedelic Furs, and The Sisters of Mercy. Some of their favorite bands are The Cure, Portishead	Portishead	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
" Guitar World ranked it # 76 on its list of the " Top 100 Guitar Albums of All Time ". New Zealand's The Movement placed it # 12 on its list of " The 101 Best Albums of the 90s " and Pure Pop of Mexico ranked	ranked	VERB	it	PRON	 it
On 28 February 1695, all three groups left their respective bases of operations to conquer the Lacandon. The San Mateo group headed northeast into the Lacandon Jungle. Before the arrival of the Spanish, the western portion of the Pacific plain was dominated by the K '	'	PUNCT	iche	NOUN	 iche
In his original description, Peck noted that the gills, when viewed with a hand lens, " appear velvety due to the abundant spores ". The fruit bodies are initially covered with a thin, web like partial veil that soon disappears as the cap expands.	.	PUNCT	The	DET	 The
The tagline for this episode is " Trust No One ", replacing the usual phrase " The Truth is Out There " and referencing " Deep Throat " ' s last words. Executive producer R. W. Goodwin decided to make his directorial debut with the episode, as	as	SCONJ	he	PRON	 he
The primary rotating flow in a tropical cyclone results from the conservation of angular momentum by the secondary circulation. Absolute angular momentum on a rotating planet <formula> is given by <formula> where <formula> is the Coriolis parameter, <formula> is the	the	DET	azimuthal	NOUN	 azimuthal
When the scene was shot, Garland jumped over the horse instead of on it, so the scene had to be shot again. During the second take, she twisted her ankle running down the stairs in the saloon, but continued the scene. When Garland returned	returned	VERB	home	ADV	 home
Because of Pedro I's bad reputation in Europe, owing to his past behavior, princesses from several nations declined his proposals of marriage one after another. His pride thus wounded, he allowed his mistress to return, which she did on 29 April 1829 after having	having	AUX	been	AUX	 been
Simpson decided to make the tour risque by adding more backup dancers and wearing skimpier clothing. She took dance lessons for the tour, as she felt that she had to transform herself into a performer. The tour was set up on a portable stage called the "	"	PUNCT	Extreme	PROPN	 Extreme
Critical response to Our World was overall very favorable. Reviews of the premiere episode, however, were somewhat tepid, with The New York Times saying " There are worse ways to spend an hour " and calling the show " a pleasant hour ", while pointing	pointing	VERB	to	ADP	 to
Opinions vary about Hume's fish theories and practices, which influenced state and federal salmon management for many decades after his death. " Hume was ahead of his time ", Dodds says, " in his belief in hatcheries, in his practice of retaining fry [	[	PUNCT	immature	ADJ	immature
" The episode also portrays Republicans as willing to break the law in order to achieve this; in this case, Bob commits electoral fraud. This is most displayed in Bob's line: " Your guilty conscience may force you to vote Democratic, but deep down	down	ADV	inside	ADP	 inside
The ending was filmed on May 25 and 26. The music and sound was recorded in July and Saw II was locked on July 16. It was completely finished by September 9. Visual effects were performed by C.O.R.E. Digital Pictures and post production services were provided by	by	ADP	Deluxe	PROPN	 Deluxe
Đujić requested a written guarantee from Ante Pavelić, leader of the NDH, to afford him and his forces refuge in German occupied Slovenia. In addition, Dimitrije Ljotić and Milan Nedić petitioned to Nazi party official Hermann Neubacher in Vienna that Đujić's forces should be allowed	allowed	VERB	passage	NOUN	 passage
Third here quotes Völuspá stanzas 38 to 39, with the insertion of original prose stating that the worst place of all to be is in Hvergelmir, followed by a quote from Völuspá to highlight that the dragon Níðhöggr harasses the corpses of the dead there. Chapter 53	53	NUM	begins	VERB	 begins
A French speaking officer replied " De Bordeaux " (" from Bordeaux ") and was then asked what the little ships behind Dart were, to which the officer replied " Je ne sais pas " (" I do not know "). Apparently satisfied with	with	ADP	this	DET	 this
In 1958 he was second in the league in both wins (17) and ERA (2.68); his seventh two hitter, a 1 – 0 win on June 21 against the Baltimore Orioles in which the White Sox scored only an unearned run in the first	first	ADJ	inning	NOUN	 inning
In 2000, he was one of the highest paid referees in the NBA, earning over $200,000 a year. Among those playoff games included Game 6 of the 1998 NBA Finals, in which Bavetta ruled that a three point basket made by Howard Eisley of the	the	DET	Utah	PROPN	 Utah
Seasonings such as salt, pepper, cayenne pepper, paprika, garlic powder, onion powder, or ranch dressing mix can be mixed in with the flour. Either process may be preceded by marination or by dipping in milk or buttermilk. As the pieces of chicken	chicken	NOUN	cook	NOUN	 cook
The stores have a retro ambience, with wooden tables and stools, Chinese calligraphy of the company name, posters about their history, traditional methods of preparing food and customer service reflecting Chinese family values. Unlike their main competitors, they have a limited menu that revolves	revolves	VERB	around	ADP	 around
A 1978 field study conducted around Albany found the honey possum (Tarsipes rostratus) occasionally visited Adenanthos cuneatus, while the western spinebill much preferred the species to other flowers. A 1980 field study at Cheyne beach showed that the New Holland honeyeater and white cheeked honeyeater pollinate	pollinate	VERB	it	PRON	 it
Earlier, 34 species were observed. In April 2010, the Pennsylvania Fish and Boat Commission performed a survey of the fish species residing in Briar Creek Reservoir. The most common fish observed were yellow perch (645 specimens), brown bullhead (322 specimens),	,	PUNCT	golden	ADJ	 golden
The lemurs are rehabilitated and bred for reintroduction into the wild. The park also collaborates with Colas Madagascar and TOTAL Madagascar to provide environmental education to local primary school children and to plant native trees as part of a reforestation program. Most of the park's staff come	come	VERB	from	ADP	 from
Tegetthoff would remain in port for another three years. The most significant moments of her stay in Pola were two inspections by dignitaries, the first by the new Emperor Karl I on 15 December 1916 and the second by the German Kaiser Wilhelm II on 12 December 1917	1917	NUM	.	PUNCT	.
Murasaki Shikibu briefly mentions her friendly relationship with Lady Kokosho and that they join their rooms separating them by kichō partitions only when both are at home. This behaviour made Michinaga believe that they are gossiping about other people. Murasaki Shikibu then describes the day's festivities:	:	PUNCT	the	DET	 the
Bajana made his debut for Somerset in May 1912, opening the batting for the county against Sussex. He scored twenty two and seven in a six wicket victory for his county. In the subsequent match, against Hampshire, Bajana scored his first half century in county	county	NOUN	cricket	NOUN	 cricket
In an attempt to appease them, Michael promises the entire office a surprise and then spends the rest of the day scrambling to come through with his promise. The employees wait for Michael's surprise, which he awkwardly never delivers. Jenna Fischer later called " Health	Health	PROPN	Care	PROPN	 Care
A second brick cottage, the " white house " or Bunker 2, was converted some weeks later. According to Höss, Bunker 1 held 800 victims and Bunker 2 held 1,200 victims. These structures were in use for mass killings until early 1943. At that	that	DET	point	NOUN	 point
Whilst on another mission in the Delta Flyer in " Nightingale ", Kim takes command of an Kraylor vessel, wanting to show that he can command after spending the past seven years as an Ensign on board Voyager. He manages to return the ship to its homeworld	homeworld	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
It is initially convex before flattening out with maturity. The cap skin does not peel away from the flesh. The pores underneath are white at first and become pinkish with maturity. They are adnate to the stalk and bulge downwards as the mushroom ages. The pores	pores	NOUN	bruise	VERB	 bruise
In addition to providing Union troops, Indiana also organized its own volunteer militia, known as the Indiana Legion. Formed in May 1861, the Legion was responsible for protecting Indiana's citizens from attack and maintaining order within the state. By the end of the war	war	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
In 1994 Folkvord criticised the Labour Government for exporting weapons to Turkey, which at that time was engaged in a civil war against the Kurdish people. He claimed it violated a parliamentary decision made in 1959 which said that the government would not distribute, or export,	,	PUNCT	weapons	NOUN	 weapons
They are supported by the muscles which compose the main part of the trunk. The heart has two chambers and pumps the blood through the respiratory surfaces of the gills and on round the body in a single circulatory loop. The eyes are adapted for seeing underwater and	and	CCONJ	have	VERB	 have
At this point in his career Hughes was regarded as one of England's finest semi professionals and was called up to the England national football C team. In total, Hughes scored 70 goals in 139 games for Kidderminster in all competitions. Hughes was sold to West	West	PROPN	Bromwich	PROPN	 Bromwich
This shark, known locally as the " Submarine ", had a legendary reputation that was supposedly well founded. Though rumors have stated this shark was exaggerated in size or non existent altogether, witness accounts by the then young Craig Anthony Ferreira, a notable shark expert	expert	NOUN	in	ADP	 in
Raeburn was the most significant artist of the period to pursue his entire career in Scotland. He was born in Edinburgh and returned there after a trip to Italy in 1786. He is most famous for his intimate portraits of leading figures in Scottish life, going beyond	beyond	ADP	the	DET	 the
The Last of Us: Left Behind was released to critical acclaim. Metacritic, which assigns a normalized rating in the 0 – 100 range, calculated an average score of 88 out of 100, indicating " generally favorable reviews ", based on 69 reviews. GameRankings	GameRankings	PROPN	assigned	VERB	 assigned
As of 2011 the album has sold over nine million copies worldwide, making it one of the most successful in the band's catalogue. Seventeen months after Holy Wood (In the Shadow of the Valley of Death) ' s release, Manson commented on the album	album	NOUN	's	PART	's
Thus, after 1 December 1958, when Boganda declared the establishment of the Central African Republic as an autonomous member of the French Community, the name was applied only to the former Oubangui Chari. On 8 December, the CAR's first government came into being with	with	ADP	Boganda	PROPN	 Boganda
Past this intersection, the route heads through a mix of residences and businesses with some woodland. Route 88 intersects CR 623, where it heads through a commercial district, crossing CR 549. A short distance later, the route passes under the Garden State Parkway without	without	ADP	an	DET	 an
Some of Schyman's work from BioShock has been performed by a live orchestra in the Video Games Live international concert tour from 2007 to date. In addition, " Welcome to Rapture " from BioShock was performed by the Metropole Orchestra at the Games in Concert 3 event	event	NOUN	in	ADP	 in
East from Portland, the south bank of the Columbia already had a rail line, owned by the Oregon Railroad and Navigation Company (later absorbed by Union Pacific Railroad). By September 1905, Northern Pacific had already acquired the property for the future terminal buildings and	and	CCONJ	rail	NOUN	 rail
As a result, Raymond remained in Camrose, signing a letter of intent in November 2004 to join the Minnesota Duluth the following year for the 2005 – 06 season. Several other National Collegiate Athletics Association (NCAA) schools had recruited Raymond as well, including the	the	DET	University	PROPN	 University
" Much research was put into the visual effects of the explosion. Stock footage of the first beats of nuclear explosions and a self created explosion of 300 gallons of gasoline were used for reference. The ground effects and blowing dust were created with combinations of volumetric computer	computer	NOUN	graphics	NOUN	 graphics
On May 21, 1980, Skalbania announced that the team would move to Calgary. He chose to retain the Flames name, feeling it would be a good fit for an oil town like Calgary, while the flaming " A " logo was replaced by a flaming	flaming	VERB	"	PUNCT	 "
Immediately after passing under the Amtrak Susquehanna River Bridge, MD 7 turns west onto Otsego Street. The highway reaches its northern terminus at a five way intersection with Otsego Street, MD 155 (Ohio Street), and US 40 (Pulaski Highway), which crosses	crosses	VERB	the	DET	 the
White may also try to develop more quickly with 11.Bf4 in order to strengthen the threat of e2 e4 e5. The idea of an early Bf4 is also effective in other variations such as 9... Re8 10.Bf4. Black too can deviate: for example, the idea	idea	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
It is a highly proteroglyphous snake, with fangs up to 6.5 millimeters (0.26 in) in length located at the front of the maxilla. The adult snake's length ranges from 2 meters (6.6 ft) to 3 meters (9.8 ft) routinely but,	,	PUNCT	according	VERB	 according
" Confe $$ions ", " Power Trip ", and " Gravity " were all listed by as extremely strong, but Goss considered the track " Mayday " as the best track " sonically, lyrically and conceptually " on the album, stating that DJ	DJ	PROPN	Khalil	PROPN	 Khalil
Notwithstanding the election of the first Doge, vassalic evidence such as honours and orders received by the doge from the Emperor implies that Venice was considered part of the Byzantine Empire even after the capture of Ravenna by the Lombards. Despite the Pax Nicephori (803),	,	PUNCT	which	PRON	 which
The cause of Mawson and Mertz's illnesses remains in part a mystery. At the time, McLean — the expedition's chief surgeon and one of the men who had remained at Cape Denison — attributed their sickness to colitis; Mawson wrote in The Home of the	the	DET	Blizzard	PROPN	 Blizzard
A music video for the single was released June 3, 2011 on the OFWGKTA YouTube channel. It was directed by Tyler himself and features Ocean. The video contains black humor and was noted for approaching its subject matter in a satirical, tongue in cheek manner.	.	PUNCT	Both	DET	 Both
The only one to ever exist and titled Love that God, it highlights Flanders ' dedication to religion and perfect family niceness by showing Ned nearly scolding Rod and Todd after they refuse to get ready for church – only to have them inform him that it is,	,	PUNCT	in	ADP	 in
However, Joanne escapes with the completed formula, which she gives to Mitchell Loeb (Chance Kelly). Loeb kills her, but not before using the equation to allow him to pass through solid matter. " The Equation " was written by supervising producer J. R.	R.	PROPN	Orci	PROPN	 Orci
In September 1938, Krueger went to Fort George G. Meade, Maryland, as commander of the 16th Infantry Brigade. He was promoted to temporary major general in February 1939, when he became commander of the 2nd Infantry Division at Fort Sam Houston, Texas. The	The	DET	2nd	PROPN	 2nd
Merv had already gained Test selection, but soon Neil was attracting more attention. In the opening match of the season, Harvey struck 87 against the touring Indian cricket team. He was selected for an Australian XI, which played the Indians before the Tests in what	what	PRON	was	AUX	 was
The Great Milenko is the fourth Joker's Card in Insane Clown Posse's Dark Carnival concept album series. The Dark Carnival is a concept of the afterlife in which souls are sent to a form of limbo while waiting to be sent to heaven or hell based on	on	ADP	their	PRON	 their
However, the decision was ultimately taken to avoid making a direct sequel, and instead produce a fantasy film with a similar atmosphere. Fantasy author Neil Gaiman and artist Dave McKean were called in to write and direct a film similar in spirit to Labyrinth, and MirrorMask	MirrorMask	PROPN	was	AUX	 was
The next match that aired was Hercules (with Bobby Heenan in his corner) against Billy Jack Haynes in the " Full Nelson Challenge. " The match ended when Haynes locked Hercules in the full nelson outside the ring and both were counted out. After the match	match	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
The Italians came to refer to a range of different castle types as motta, however, and there may not have been as many genuine motte and bailey castles in southern Italy as was once thought on the basis of the documentary evidence alone. In addition, there	there	PRON	is	VERB	 is
, reported two Japanese submarines destroyed. Subsequent evidence does not suggest Chew struck any Japanese submarines. In the chaos of the attack, a number of Chew crew members also disembarked and came aboard nearby Pennsylvania, which was in drydock, to assist in manning guns,	,	PUNCT	forming	VERB	 forming
The American River Division stores water in the American River watershed, to both provide water supply for local settlements, and supply it to the rest of the system. The dams also are an important flood control measure. Hydroelectricity is generated at Folsom and Nimbus dams,	,	PUNCT	and	CCONJ	 and
In contrast, Small Heath put on " a very indifferent display " in losing 4 – 1 at West Bromwich Albion. They scored twice, very much against the run of play, to come back from 2 – 0 down to beat Stoke 4 – 2,	,	PUNCT	and	CCONJ	 and
The band recorded Daybreaker at Outhouse Studios in Reading, Berkshire, where they had previously recorded Ruin (2007) and Hollow Crown (2009). Daybreaker had the same production and engineering team as did Hollow Crown; John Mitchell acted as Daybreaker's mixing engineer,	,	PUNCT	and	CCONJ	 and
After Yggdrasil overtook the development, the development status was changed from the W3C beta builds back to alpha, implying that the Arena browser wasn't yet ready for release. The beta 3e version numbering then became 0.3.5 in GNU style Development remained in alpha stage until 0.3.62	0.3.62	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
Notwithstanding this speculation, Hewson generally shies away from political comments in the media. Hewson has long advocated for a children's museum for Ireland, inspired by a positive experience her daughters had at the Dallas Children's Museum in the mid 1990s. In 2003, plans	plans	NOUN	were	AUX	 were
In February 2009, France offered Rafales to Oman to replace its ageing fleet of SEPECAT Jaguars. In December 2012, Oman placed an order for 12 Typhoons, after reports surfaced that the country had preference for the fighter in 2010. Rafale A Technology demonstrator, first	first	ADV	flying	VERB	 flying
" Parish also found the music " downright painful ", which he contrasted with the " moody, atmospheric compositions " the series was known for. Van Duyn cited the music as the " only bad point " in the game, stating that the ambient sounds "	"	PUNCT	tend	VERB	 tend
In recent years the parish council has become a significant grant funder of local organisations and events. There is currently a debate underway about the correct disbursement and monitoring of these grants, following allegations of impropriety regarding some councillors. Burnham was a large ancient parish, and	and	CCONJ	until	SCONJ	 until
The duke violated the purpose of the agreement by using it as a stalling tactic to reinforce the defense of Paris. The French army marched through towns near Paris during the interim and accepted several peaceful surrenders. The Duke of Bedford led an English force and confronted the	the	DET	French	ADJ	 French
The walls were decorated with cornices, moldings, pilasters and at times blind arcades. First the walls were plastered entirely by a mix of mud, sand, lime and straw, both inside and outside. Paint in earth tones was applied over the lime whitewash,	,	PUNCT	and	CCONJ	 and
The abbot of the new monastery at Dunkeld emerged as the Bishop of the new combined Kingdom of Alba, which would subsequently come to be known as the Kingdom of Scotland. While the official conversion of Scandinavian Scotland took place at the end of the tenth century,	,	PUNCT	there	PRON	 there
The method was originally developed as a cost efficient way to weld steel using GMAW, because this variation uses carbon dioxide, a less expensive shielding gas than argon. Adding to its economic advantage was its high deposition rate, allowing welding speeds of up to 110 mm	mm	NOUN	/	SYM	 /
Nintendo later released this version via the Nintendo 3DS and Wii U Virtual Console. Yoshi's Island received " instant " and " universal acclaim ", according to IGN and review aggregator Metacritic, and sold over four million copies. Both contemporaneous and retrospective reviewers offered lavish	lavish	ADJ	praise	NOUN	 praise
The Beyond the Beach shop, located near the park's entrance, sells surf and WhiteWater World branded merchandise. The shop contains a Kodak photo centre that allows guests to purchase on ride photos taken on the Super Tubes Hydrocoaster and photographs taken inside the park. Beyond	Beyond	ADP	the	DET	 the
Leonardo da Vinci was buried in the Chapel of Saint Hubert in Château d'Amboise, in France. Some 20 years after Leonardo's death, Francis was reported by the goldsmith and sculptor Benvenuto Cellini as saying: " There had never been another man born in the world	world	NOUN	who	PRON	 who
The first of four quarterfinal matches in the Deuces Wild Tag Team Tournament opened Sacrifice. It pitted James Storm, accompanied by Jackie Moore and Sting, against Team 3D (Brother Devon and Brother Ray). The match lasted eight minutes and fifty seconds. Near the	the	DET	end	NOUN	 end
Initial excavations were carried out during ten days in September 2004. It was thought initially that the site was purely Iron Age or perhaps Romano British. A more in depth excavation was carried out in July 2005 after a geophysical survey revealed the existence of a large roundhouse	roundhouse	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
Wilton is a brooding loner who kills a poor girl who loves him because he considers his interests superior to those around him, knows little guilt, and avoids detection through luck. Allen signals his intentions with more superficial similarities: both killers attempt to cover their crime	crime	NOUN	by	ADP	 by
Steps to organise two further battalions of black Southern Rhodesians were abandoned because of the conviction of the colony's overall military commander, Brigadier E R Day, that it was important " to preserve a fair balance " between black and white troops, and that raising the	the	DET	men	NOUN	 men
The raising of the British flags on Alexander and Canada was a clear indicator to Nielly that the British were aware of his identity, and he instead ordered his squadron to hoist the French tricolour, finally abandoning the ruse that his ships were British. During the preceding	preceding	VERB	three	NUM	 three
The station was visited by Albert Edward, Prince of Wales, in 1878. The station saw major works at the beginning of the 1880s. From 24 to 27 January 1880, the line was relaid as 4 ft 8 1 ⁄ 2 in (1,435 mm)	)	PUNCT	standard	ADJ	 standard
They entered the yard of the college where they were shot at by Saari, and forced to retreat. From around 11: 45 to 12: 00 further police units, bolstered by a number of armoured vehicles, began to arrive on the scene. They attempted	attempted	VERB	to	PART	 to
Reviewers noted that it allowed for simpler control using fewer buttons, but that it occasionally caused the player to perform unintended actions. The camera control was quoted as making combat " second nature ", although the new system took time for the player to get used to	to	ADP	.	PUNCT	.
Under increasing French pressure, the VNQDD leadership switched tack, replacing a strategy of isolated clandestine attacks against individuals with a plan to expel the French in a single blow with a large scale popular uprising. After stockpiling home made weapons, the VNQDD launched the Yên Bái	Bái	PROPN	mutiny	NOUN	 mutiny
He thought that the plot seemed reminiscent of the plot of a Philip K. Dick novel, but thought that the away team sequences on the planet were a little boring with the exception of Data jumping down into the pit where Picard and Crusher were. Michelle Erica Green	Green	PROPN	reviewed	VERB	 reviewed
The pair developed a distinctive style, including in their stories characteristic musical numbers and chase scenes. Together they won an Environmental Achievement Award for a 1996 Rocko episode they had written. In 1996, Povenmire and Marsh conceived the series Phineas and Ferb, based on their	their	PRON	similar	ADJ	 similar
" She aspired to find a creative role but recognized the difficulties she faced, as she later wrote: I secretly cherished the idea of being a great artist... but that dream seemed in no way possible of realization... [Although] my desire to create beauty	beauty	NOUN	was	AUX	 was
Rorke named her the show's heroine, and wrote that " Izzie is a welcome, calming presence, despite the devastation she experienced when she failed to save her patient and fiance Denny Duquette ", considering her to have been more prominent than the title character,	,	PUNCT	Grey	PROPN	 Grey
The team used the new heavy ion linear accelerator (HILAC) to bombard a curium target (95% 244Cm and 5% 246Cm) with 13C and 12C ions. They were unable to confirm the 8.5 MeV activity claimed by the Swedes but were instead able to	to	PART	detect	VERB	 detect
Though heavy on theatrics, there was no skimping on the music. " She also commented on Gaga's fashion sense and style in her costumes by saying, " In an hour, Gaga proved her star power by packing in all her hits, displaying influences that	that	PRON	ranged	VERB	 ranged
The route has undergone only minor changes since then. The section of US 64 between Webbers Falls and Gore was pressed into service as a detour for I 40 traffic after the collapse of its bridge over the Arkansas River on May 26, 2002. The detour significantly	significantly	ADV	impacted	VERB	 impacted
This route ran within a few miles of the river to Saint Anthony Falls and the community of that name which was growing on the east bank of the Mississippi. The trail then left the river and crossed open country to Saint Paul. The carters camped on the	the	DET	uplands	NOUN	 uplands
These writings, along with Darwin's correspondence via their mutual friend William Yarrell, aided Darwin in the inception of Darwin's theory of natural selection. Darwin's seminal work On the Origin of Species, first published in 1859, cited Sir John's experiments in pigeon	pigeon	NOUN	breeding	NOUN	 breeding
This game was also the second and final game of B.J. Monteiro's 2 game suspension following allegations of participating in a robbery. Three days later, it was announced that Bolding had fractured his wrist when he was fouled, and would be unable to play for 4	4	NUM	–	SYM	 –
A traffic light that had been malfunctioning after a recent lightning strike may also have contributed. In 2007, New York State Department of Transportation (NYSDOT) officials announced their long term plan to prevent further traffic jams. They will create a series of loops and overpasses	overpasses	NOUN	allowing	VERB	 allowing
Murphy had a minor supporting role in the successful Hollywood period drama Cold Mountain. He portrayed a deserting soldier who shares a grim scene with Jude Law's character, and was only on location in Romania for a week. Murphy stated that it was a " massive	massive	ADJ	production	NOUN	 production
The viscous oil is also blended with natural gas liquids to allow it to flow more readily through the pipeline. Truck transportation of oil was phased out in Santa Barbara County in the 1970s because pipelines were considered a safer option. Before the spill, an inspection of	of	ADP	the	DET	 the
The four 120 millimeter (4.7 in) guns were also mounted on the upper deck. She may have exchanged her Mle 1864 guns for Mle 1870 guns. The armor piercing shell of the 20 caliber Mle 1870 gun weighed 165.3 pounds (75.0 kg) while the	the	DET	gun	NOUN	 gun
Though Zosky was expected to be the starting shortstop earlier in the year, by February Schofield was the leading contender for the position. Due to his struggles in 1992 – not only did he hit.231, he also committed 27 errors – and his injuries, the Blue	Blue	PROPN	Jays	PROPN	 Jays
Ingram and Streng argued that the Augustinian theodicy fails to account for the existence of evil before Adam's sin, which Genesis presents in the form of the serpent's temptation. The Italian theologian Francesco Antonio Zaccaria criticised Augustine's concept of evil in the eighteenth century.	.	PUNCT	He	PRON	 He
The route from Kiel to Hamburg was also chosen to boost the two cities ' joint bid for the 2024 Summer Olympics. This was to be the last time the race would run under the name of Vattenfall Cyclassics, as Vattenfall announced that they would not extend their	their	PRON	sponsorship	NOUN	 sponsorship
In the same year, more than 100,000 were employed in public administration, defence and compulsory social insurance sector as well as in education. Since 2009, negative trends persisted in Croatia with jobs in the industry declined further by 3.5%. Number of unemployed and retired	retired	ADJ	persons	NOUN	 persons
Her professional women's side went on to win the league championship under her leadership. The lack of high level football opportunities in Uganda led to some players going from there to Rwanda for opportunities to play in the country's professional league. International training related to women	women	NOUN	is	AUX	 is
" Katherine St. Asaph for Popdust described the song's percussion as " huge. " The song samples the melody of The xx's song " Intro ", which was included on their debut album xx. Robert Copsey for Digital Spy noted that Rihanna describes herself as	as	ADP	someone	PRON	 someone
With the treaty of 904, all Slavic inhabited lands in modern southern Macedonia and southern Albania were ceded to the Bulgarian Empire, with the border line running some 20 kilometres north of Thessaloniki. The death of Leo VI on 11 May 912 and the accession of his	his	PRON	infant	NOUN	 infant
To comply with Congo law the company had to pay the villagers for bringing them rubber, these payments were often made in goods. Roger Casement, the British Consul in the Free State, recorded payments of a nine inch knife of 1.25 fr value for a full	full	ADJ	basket	NOUN	 basket
Cooperation leads to altruistic behaviour, and costly signalling could explain this. All religions may involve costly and elaborate rituals, performed publicly, to demonstrate loyalty to the religious group. In this way, group members increase their allegiance to the group by signalling their investment in	in	ADP	group	NOUN	 group
In the 1970s comparisons between phoronid larvae and the cyphonautes larva of some gymnolaete bryozoans produced suggestions that the bryozoans, most of which are colonial, evolved from a semi colonial species of phoronid. Brachiopods were also assigned to the " Tentaculata ", which were renamed Lophophorata	Lophophorata	PROPN	as	SCONJ	 as
Pohle survived, but the action claimed the lives of his three crew members. Seventeen year old Gefreiter August Schleicher and Unteroffizier Kurt Seydel (nineteen), whose bodies were recovered, were accorded military funerals with full honours. RAF pipers played ' Over the Sea to	to	ADP	Skye	PROPN	 Skye
The Lesser Antillean macaw is well documented compared to most other extinct Caribbean macaws, since it was mentioned and described by several contemporary writers. Parrots thought to be the Lesser Antillean macaw were first mentioned by the Spanish historian Gonzalo Fernández de Oviedo y Valdés in 1553,	,	PUNCT	referring	VERB	 referring
He was introduced by executive producer Phil Redmond as part of the Osborne family, and played by Adam Booth, made his first on screen appearance on 18 November 1996. Booth left the role in 1997, but the character was recast in 1999 with current portrayer Ashley	Ashley	PROPN	Taylor	PROPN	 Taylor
However, it is now possible to use this genomic data to reconstruct complete networks of biochemical reactions and produce more holistic mathematical models that may explain and predict their behavior. These models are especially powerful when used to integrate the pathway and metabolite data obtained through classical methods	methods	NOUN	with	ADP	 with
In 2008, it was suggested that the silky sifaka may be sympatric with the red ruffed lemur (Varecia rubra) near Maherivaratra and Andaparaty. The silky sifaka is one of the larger sifaka species, with a head body length of 48 – 54 cm (1.6	1.6	NUM	–	PUNCT	 –
The system had a broad circulation amid an environment favorable for tropical cyclogenesis, including low to moderate wind shear. The circulation slowly consolidated, developing improved outflow and increasingly organized convection. At 06: 00 UTC on May 2, the Japan Meteorological Agency (JMA)	)	PUNCT	designated	VERB	 designated
The center received $800,000 from Commonwealth Edison for the naming rights to the theatre for ten years before the center opened. The center had originally broken ground on what was to be called the Lou Rawls Theatre and Cultural Center, in 1993 and had accepted a $	$	SYM	100,000	NUM	100,000
" Smells Like Teen Spirit " was re released as a limited edition 7 inch vinyl single in December 2011. In an attempt to emulate a successful 2009 Facebook campaign to promote Rage Against the Machine's song " Killing in the Name ", a similar online campaign	campaign	NOUN	has	AUX	 has
In preparing for their roles, Hasiholan exercised slicing and dicing fish, while Rahadian went to Ancol in North Jakarta to learn about dolphins. The Mirror Never Lies uses the Bajau language heavily, with its Indonesian spoken in a Bajau accent and, in domestic screenings,	,	PUNCT	Indonesian	ADJ	 Indonesian
Stephen ordered his men to dismount and soon after they launched their attack and made battle until dawn. Descriptions of the battle say that the fire made the night equally light as the day and that many Hungarians were consumed by the flames. The two armies started to	to	PART	butcher	VERB	 butcher
The Blues made their major league debut on April 24, 1901, with an 8 – 2 loss to the Chicago White Sox. Two other league games were canceled due to inclement weather, and the contest between the Blues and White Sox served as the inaugural game	game	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
The beginning of the 19th century saw a rapid increase in the industrial preparation and packaging of foods. The drastic increase of additives used in these processes became a serious health concern. The production and distribution of food, instead of being one between local farmers and townspeople	townspeople	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
Other staff were accommodated at 80 Pall Mall. COSSAC was charged with planning three operations: Operation Cockade, a deception operation to keep German forces pinned to the coast; Operation Rankin, a plan for measures to be taken in the case of a sudden German collapse	collapse	NOUN	;	PUNCT	;
When Fern moved inland, the National Weather Service issued 21 tornado warnings and numerous flood warnings. In North Beach, city buses were used to transport evacuees inland and local officials were concerned about what to do with the relief trailers used to house survivors of Hurricane Celia	Celia	PROPN	a	DET	 a
Hersey later recalled that the notice did not bring in many usable manuscripts: " As a result of the notices in the writers ' magazines, I received a thousand manuscripts but was able to buy only ten! " The first issue included " Wolf of the Steppes	Steppes	PROPN	"	PUNCT	 "
" As of 2010, the CCAF has three staff attorneys, including Frank. The CCAF has distanced itself from other firms, sometimes called " professional objectors ", that make money by holding up class action settlements until they themselves are paid off, Whereas that practice	practice	NOUN	has	AUX	 has
Country wide; however, the highest total was recorded in Petacalco and La Union, with 21.8 in (550 mm) being measured at both locations. The National Water Commission reported waves of up to 14 ft (4.3 m). Along the coasts of Colima	Colima	PROPN	and	CCONJ	 and
The plan is in place. I'm looking forward to working with a group that thinks along the same lines that I do ". Preston started the season well, beating Championship side Huddersfield Town 2 – 0 at Deepdale in the League Cup. Later on in	in	ADP	the	DET	 the
It is ectomycorrhizally associated with several tree species and is symbiotic with them. In Europe, these include hardwood and, less frequently, conifer species. It appears most commonly under oaks, but also under beeches, chestnuts, horse chestnuts, birches, filberts, hornbeams	hornbeams	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
" Fakin ' It " was issued as a single that summer and found only modest success on AM radio; the duo were much more focused on the rising FM format, which played album cuts and treated their music with respect. In January 1968, the duo	duo	NOUN	appeared	VERB	 appeared
Between the terraces is a broad open area. Numbers 1 — 32 are the western row, 33 — 64 the eastern. The lower, southern terraces were built first (1 — 16 and 33 — 48) between 1912 and 1913. The first terraces were	were	AUX	stone	NOUN	 stone
Tubb, who sold many popular stories to Hamilton, comments that " Authors wrote for Nebula with financial reward taking secondary place; the desire of submitting a good story being of primary importance... the writers and the contributors felt as if Nebula was ' their ' magazine	magazine	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
The Air Force tracks a larger UFO as it hovers over Townsend. The invisible alien enters Max's trailer and abducts him. When the agents visit the trailer and find Max missing, an Army radio transmission reveals that he has been transported to a waterfront. They	They	PRON	race	VERB	 race
The coins were, for the most part, sold to the public by numismatic promoter Farran Zerbe, who had also vended the Louisiana Purchase Exposition dollar. As he was unable to sell much of the issue, surplus coins were melted by the Mint. The coins	coins	NOUN	have	AUX	 have
Coleman later explained the process of making the digital Yoda like the puppet version, by saying, " When Frank [Oz] would move the head, the ears would jiggle. If we hadn't put that in, it wouldn't look like Yoda. "	"	PUNCT	Because	SCONJ	 Because
Norton's funeral on Sunday, January 10, was solemn, mournful, and large. Paying their respects were members of "... all classes from capitalists to the pauper, the clergyman to the pickpocket, well dressed ladies and those whose garb and bearing hinted of	of	ADP	the	DET	 the
With the exception of zero ranked cards which are more expensive in terms of Card Points (CP) compared to other cards of the same type and have other ranks, more CP are required to place higher ranked cards in the player's deck. Card Points —	—	PUNCT	increased	VERB	 increased
Cave 22 Cave 22 adjoins cave 21 on the left and it was also a dwelling unit with a bench for the entire length of the back wall. A window from this hall overlooks another smaller room. An entry through a grooved door gives access to a long	long	ADJ	corridor	NOUN	 corridor
" Black & Blue " is a blue eyed soul and electronica piano piece. According to sheet music published at Musicnotes.com by Universal Music Publishing Group, the song is written in the time signature of common time with a moderate beat rate of 135 beats per minute.	.	PUNCT	It	PRON	 It
In 2008 he hosted the International Association of Prosecutors Conference in Singapore. He also assisted in the setting up of the Centre for International Law at NUS to improve international law expertise in Singapore and the region. He was Singapore's alternate representative on the High Level Task	Task	PROPN	Force	PROPN	 Force
Biblical scenes and figures depicted in the Church of the Holy Mother of God include the worshiping of the Christ child as the eucharistic victim (the Melismos) in the lower part of the apse, the raising of Lazarus, the Annunciation, Jesus ' triumphal entry into	into	ADP	Jerusalem	PROPN	 Jerusalem
Glass, who was Jewish, was most agreeable to this, but wondered what to do if his turn came before Como arrived. Perry thoroughly enjoyed what he was doing, saying in a 1989 interview, " I got a kick out of live television. The	The	DET	spontaneity	NOUN	 spontaneity
As of 2011, the world's two largest working supertankers are the TI class supertankers TI Europe and TI Oceania. These ships were built in 2002 and 2003 as the Hellespont Alhambra and Hellespont Tara for the Greek Hellespont Steamship Corporation. Hellespont sold these ships to Overseas	Overseas	PROPN	Shipholding	PROPN	 Shipholding
The room, with the adjoining Billiards Room, is the only reception room at Waddesdon Manor to follow the French Renaissance style of the exterior; the other rooms are in broadly 18th century styles, and contain a magnificent collection of paintings and furniture centred on that century	century	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
It was the first full length book to bear Cranmer ’ s name on the title page. The preface summarises his quarrel with Rome in a well known passage where he compared " beads, pardons, pilgrimages, and such other like popery " with weeds, but	but	CCONJ	the	DET	 the
The Germans had instead used her as a target ship and the Allies had damaged her during an air attack on 20 February 1945. Impero was stricken from the naval register on 27 March 1947. The hulk was raised sometime that year and towed to Venice and beached	beached	VERB	,	PUNCT	,
Gerp's mouse lemur is significantly larger, weighing on average 68 gram (2.4 oz), compared to Goodman's mouse lemur, which weighs about 44 g (1.6 oz). Jolly's mouse lemur, which is its closest relative and a neighbor to the	the	DET	south	NOUN	 south
Prinz Eugen arrived safely at Brest, France on 1 June 1941. No direct witnesses to this difference of opinion survived the sinking, but Matrosengefreiter (Leading Seaman) Heinz Staat, the helmsman on the bridge, remembered a telephone call between the First Watch Officer,	,	PUNCT	Commander	PROPN	 Commander
Due to strong digital sales from the release of Animal, the song charted in the United States, the United Kingdom, and Canada before being announced as a single. After being released as a single the song reached the top ten in Canada, Australia and the	the	DET	United	PROPN	 United
With £10 million in advance ticket sales, the £4 million production opened at the London Palladium on 15 November 2006 to positive reviews, leading to a £1.1 million increase in ticket sales in one day. In January 2007, Fisher was chosen by the	the	DET	London	PROPN	 London
(Blackfeet), descendants of the logo designer, and the six others are members of various tribes and state that they are fans of the team and find nothing wrong with the name, or think it is positive. One of the individuals in the video is	is	AUX	Mark	PROPN	 Mark
The military commander General Maxime Weygand visited the airfield on 21 May, and ordered 516 GAO to prepare to evacuate as the Germans were in the neighbouring Somme department. The following day, the order came to evacuate to Boos airfield, Rouen, Haute Normandie, but	but	CCONJ	only	ADV	 only
The television commercial for Heat was directed by Jake Nava, who previously directed Beyoncé's videos for her singles " Crazy In Love ", " Baby Boy ", " Beautiful Liar ", " If I Were a Boy ", and " Single Ladies (Put	Put	VERB	a	DET	 a
Pit stops took place during the caution, with Carpentier, Bräck, and Andretti still in the top three positions. Green flag racing resumed on lap 70, and Kanaan began moving toward the front of the field; he passed Andretti for third place on lap 73	73	NUM	,	PUNCT	,
" Isis releases have always had a thematic basis; as Andrew Rennie dissects, " Isis's four previous full lengths have clear story arcs, but Wavering Radiant's themes are open to interpretation, giving it added appeal. " Over time, Turner has become reluctant	reluctant	ADJ	to	PART	 to
The amount of radioactive exposure received during a one hour visit to the site is about half of the total radiation exposure which a U.S. adult receives on an average day from natural and medical sources. On December 21, 1965, the 51,500 acre (20,800 ha)	)	PUNCT	Trinity	PROPN	 Trinity
Ximena (Tragedy, 28 November 1712) Venus and Adonis (Masque, 12 March 1715) Myrtillo (Pastoral, 5 November 1715) The Non Juror (Comedy, 6 December 1717) The Refusal (Comedy, 14 February 1721) Cæsar in Egypt (Tragedy	Tragedy	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
Barfi! earned ₹ 150 million (US $2.2 million) in its second weekend. Barfi! had a good second week where it has collected ₹ 242 million (US $3.6 million) nett. In the third week, the film's takings rose to	to	ADP	₹	PROPN	 ₹
It was written by Jonathan " J.R. " Rotem, E. Kidd Bogart and Ed Cobb, with production was handled by Rotem, Carl Sturken and Evan Rogers. It was released on February 14, 2006, as the lead single from the album. " SOS "	"	PUNCT	is	AUX	 is
After staying past his initial ten day reservation, he was asked to leave in December so that the resort could accommodate the high rollers who were expected for New Year's Eve. Instead of leaving, Hughes started negotiations to buy the Desert Inn. On March 27	27	NUM	,	PUNCT	,
The priests catch the snake and prepare to kill her, but are stopped by the goddess Kwan I m, who tells the stunned pursuers that the snake is pregnant and thus must not be killed. A month after the snake gives birth, the priests return.	.	PUNCT	The	DET	 The
In addition, most teachers can not identify the students in their classes who have been personally affected by the epidemic, either through friends or relatives, which suggests that school based support for HIV / AIDS is minimal. However, despite this lack of support, surveys	surveys	NOUN	indicate	VERB	 indicate
The station is on the District line and is the penultimate station on the eastern extremity of that line. The station was opened on 17 December 1934 by the London, Midland and Scottish Railway on the local electrified tracks between Upminster and Barking that were constructed in 1932	1932	NUM	.	PUNCT	.
At SummerSlam 1992 in August, The Undertaker defeated Kamala. Harvey Wippleman, Kamala's manager wanted revenge, so a rematch was scheduled for Survivor Series. The match was promoted as the WWF's first coffin match, in which the winner would place the loser in	in	ADP	a	DET	 a
Whilst aircraft contribute to the problem the study states that " … cars, buses and taxis ferrying passengers to and from these sites are dominant sources of pollution. " Birmingham airport dismissed the findings, asserting that the results were skewed by M42 motorway traffic unrelated to the	the	DET	airport	NOUN	 airport
He declines, and tells her they'll be " Friends Forever. " Ms. Miller interrupts them, afraid about her upcoming surgery, and asks, " What's Going to Happen? " The staff, led by Dr. Cox reassure her that she will be fine	fine	ADJ	;	PUNCT	;
Partway through the voyage, the ship struck an iceberg and sank in the early morning of 15 April 1912, resulting in the deaths of over 1,500 people, including approximately 815 of the passengers. The Titanic's passengers were divided into three separate classes, determined not	not	PART	only	ADV	 only
North of Lough Derg, the River Shannon has a very shallow gradient and regularly floods parts of the surrounding countryside. The resultant wet grassland area, known as the Shannon Callows, is an internationally recognised wild bird and wildlife habitat and is classified as a Special Area	Area	PROPN	of	ADP	 of
The Cambridge Agreement, which enabled the emigrating shareholders to buy out those that remained behind, may have been written by Dudley. In October 1629 John Winthrop was elected governor, and John Humphrey was chosen as his deputy. However, as the fleet was preparing to	to	PART	sail	VERB	 sail
At 1125 the requested airstrike came in; American aircraft rocketed the T 34s to no effect while strafing the Korean forces attacking A Company. The aircraft were able to push back the attack for several minutes before running out of ammunition and being forced to leave. The	The	DET	North	ADJ	 North
The military were opposed to reorganisation, including an increase in regional autonomy granted by the central government, and reforms to improve efficiency were seen as a direct attack. Officers were retired and a thousand had their promotions reviewed, including Francisco Franco, who served as director	director	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
Most of these guns were placed on the broadside, but two of the 164 mm guns were mounted in an armored bunker forward and a third was placed in a similar mount at the stern, as chase guns. The ships were also fitted with a ram bow	bow	NOUN	that	PRON	 that
With 72 points over 45 games in 1995 – 96, Morrison received his first of back to back CCHA Player of the Year awards. He added 15 points in 7 post season games to capture his second CCHA championship with the Wolverines. Advancing to the 1996 NCAA	NCAA	PROPN	Tournament	PROPN	 Tournament
Bell enrolled at Southern University in 2009. In 2011, Bell played in two games with the Southern Jaguars football team. On May 22, 2010, Mychal Bell was arrested and charged with simple battery after an incident at a Jena barber shop. According to the	the	DET	arresting	VERB	 arresting
In October 1875, Wanderers travelled to Scotland for the first time, to play a match against the leading team from north of the border, Queen's Park. Despite fielding their strongest team, Wanderers were outclassed by the Scots and lost 5 – 0. The	The	DET	London	PROPN	 London
Those three... designed the manner and style in which New York artists would address what Snoop and Dre had made rap's hottest topics: drugs and violence. " Similarly, Duke University Professor, Mark Anthony Neal, writes, “ Nas was at the forefront of	of	ADP	a	DET	 a
Mick LaSalle of the San Francisco Chronicle remarked that the film was " a rare reminder from movies that the grand emotions are not only for the young and the middle aged ", citing it " too well made to be dismissed and contains too much truth to be	be	AUX	scorned	VERB	 scorned
On average, a plane would land or take off every two minutes. The situation was further complicated by the fact that there was no room on ramps for planes to unload their cargo, and some planes did not have enough fuel to leave. While the Port	Port	PROPN	au	PROPN	 au
) Almond asked the legislature to repeal all aspects of the Stanley plan which had been overturned by the courts, repeal the state's compulsory school attendance law, adopt a $3 million tuition grant program to allow students to attend segregated private schools of their choice,	,	PUNCT	and	CCONJ	 and
The current dome is a 1977 renovation in thin reinforced concrete. The largest centrally planned Early Christian church, Milan's domed San Lorenzo Maggiore, was built in the middle of the 4th century while that city served as the capital of the Western Empire. There are	are	VERB	two	NUM	 two
Although Chemical was the acquiring company and the nominal survivor, the merged bank adopted the Chase name, which was considered to be better known, particularly internationally. Chase, which at its height had been the largest bank in the U.S., had fallen to sixth,	,	PUNCT	while	SCONJ	 while
Polish organizations were banned, and the Czechoslovak authorities carried out many arrests and dismissed many Poles from work. The situation had somewhat improved when the Communist Party of Czechoslovakia took power in February 1948. Polish property deprived by the German occupants during the war was never returned	returned	VERB	.	PUNCT	.
Such areas are identified by local authorities according to criteria defined by Sections 69 and 70 of the Planning (Listed Buildings and Conservation Areas) Act 1990. On 4 July 2008, 4.05 acres (1.64 ha) at the heart of Carlton Hill was designated as the	the	DET	city	NOUN	 city
More than 3,000 square kilometres (1,200 sq mi) of crops, mostly rice, were damaged or washed away by the floodwaters. There were also reports of heavy losses of poultry and livestock, and nearly 13 km² (5 sq mi) of aquaculture and 786	786	NUM	fishing	NOUN	 fishing
The Wardeux family was that of Edward Dalyngrigge's wife; the Radyndens were relations of the Dalyngrigges. Above the arms is a helm bearing a unicorn head crest. Three coats of arms also decorate the postern gate; the central arms is that of Sir Robert Knolles	Knolles	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
He finished the series with 198 runs at 28.28, and ended the season with 1,254 first class runs at 32.15. MacLaren took a new job with a wine merchant which allowed him to complete a full season in 1903. Wet weather caused many difficult pitches for batting	batting	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
The commission recommended a steel cantilever bridge designed by Fowler and Benjamin Baker, which was constructed between 1883 and 1890. To avoid problems with smoke and steam overwhelming staff and passengers on the covered sections of the Metropolitan Railway, Fowler proposed a fireless locomotive. The locomotive	locomotive	NOUN	was	AUX	 was
Chief Justice Chan Sek Keong; Tommy Koh, Ambassador at Large; and Justice Chao Hick Tin, then Attorney General of Singapore, who appeared as counsel and advocates for Singapore, would respectively be awarded the Darjah Utama Temasek (Order of Temasek) (Second Class	Class	PROPN	)	PUNCT	)
Favourable macroeconomic performance has been a necessary but not sufficient condition for the significant reduction of poverty amongst the Indian population. The rate of poverty decline has not been higher in the post reform period (since 1991). The improvements in some other non economic dimensions of	of	ADP	social	ADJ	 social
In addition, Congress has designated specific sections of the Crooked, Deschutes, Donner und Blitzen, Malheur, and Owyhee rivers as part of the National Wild and Scenic Rivers System. Agriculture is the largest industry in the region. Livestock ranches utilize large tracts of private	private	ADJ	and	CCONJ	 and
Throughout the match, all five men gained an advantage over one another at one or more spots. One spot in the match saw Lashley dive over the top rope onto the other four competitors. Towards the end of the match, Cena executed an FU on Lashley	Lashley	PROPN	through	ADP	 through
During the 1986 presidential elections, Ople served as a political campaign manager of President Marcos, who was running against Corazon Aquino. Shortly before the outbreak of the 1986 People Power Revolution, Marcos dispatched Ople to Washington D.C. to lobby the American government on behalf of the	the	DET	President	PROPN	 President
These include the horned viper of Africa and the sidewinder of North America, evolutionarily distinct but with similar behavioural patterns because of convergent evolution. Many desert reptiles are ambush predators and often bury themselves in the sand, waiting for prey to come within range. Amphibians might	might	AUX	seem	VERB	 seem
The church is also used once a month by the British Orthodox Church. The church is recorded in the National Heritage List for England as a designated Grade I listed building for its architectural and historical importance. Historians have disagreed about its age, and the existence of	of	ADP	an	DET	 an
All of the major state rooms have symmetrical walls, even where this involves matching real with false doors. The major rooms also have elaborate white and multi coloured marble fireplaces, most with carvings and sculpture, mainly the work of Thomas Carter, though Joseph Pickford carved	carved	VERB	the	DET	 the
Later in 1902, May once again moved, this time further west to the town of Edmonton, in the North West Territory. Upon his arrival there, he would purchase several lots of land on which he would construct a series of cottages, houses and terraces	terraces	NOUN	that	SCONJ	 that
Seven plays later, Alabama took a 21 – 0 lead when Christion Jones caught a 22 yard McCarron touchdown pass. Each team then traded punts until halftime. WKU opened the third quarter on offense, and three plays later Jakes threw an interception to Deion Belue that	that	PRON	was	AUX	 was
The generating capacity of the power station at Neasden was increased to approximately 35 MW and on 5 January 1925 electric services reached Rickmansworth, allowing the locomotive change over point to be moved. In 1924 and 1925, the British Empire Exhibition was held on the Wembley Park	Park	PROPN	Estate	PROPN	 Estate
According to Wavell, " an assault on a portion of the Gaza defences was to be made by the XXI Corps. " The date of this attack, which was primarily a feint, was scheduled for between 24 and 48 hours before the attack on Sheria.	.	PUNCT	Meanwhile	ADV	 Meanwhile
Each lineage of B cell expresses a different antibody, so the complete set of B cell antigen receptors represent all the antibodies that the body can manufacture. Killer T cells are a sub group of T cells that kill cells that are infected with viruses (and other	other	ADJ	pathogens	NOUN	 pathogens
On 8 March, the Dutch surrendered, ordering all men to lay down their arms. With supplies running low and unable to contact the Australian Government, Brigadier Blackburn announced the surrender of Blackforce four days later. Peeler and his fellow soldiers thus became prisoners of war	war	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
The critical masses of two other readily available isotopes, 241Am and 243Am, are relatively high – 57.6 to 75.6 kg for 241Am and 209 kg for 243Am. Scarcity and high price yet hinder application of americium as a nuclear fuel in nuclear reactors. There are proposals	proposals	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
William Bennet (d. 1826) John Hodgkinson Benjamin Outram (1764 – 1805) John Rennie (1761 – 1821) William Smith (1769 – 1839) John Sutcliffe Robert Weldon (? 1754 – 1810) Robert Whitworth (d. 1799) Data from Jim Shead's	's	PART	Waterways	PROPN	 Waterways
On September 8, 2013, the cane toad was also discovered on the island of New Providence in the Bahamas. The cane toad was first introduced deliberately into the Philippines in 1930 as a biological control agent of pests in sugarcane plantations. This was done after the	the	DET	success	NOUN	 success
The amount of music that needed remixing was very large, consisting of over 100 tracks. The majority of remixing was to add subtle effects to tracks that could not be included for the original version. Due to player feedback about the music for the Persona port,	,	PUNCT	the	DET	 the
Until July 1880, he was still making appearances in Parliament to deliver speeches, but after that date he no longer attended. Rio Branco still kept a close watch on political developments, however, and continued to appear at meetings of the Council of State. He	He	PRON	had	AUX	 had
The first part of the book covered the major scientific and technical advances of the century; the second part covered what Wallace considered to be its social failures including: the destruction and waste of wars and arms races, the rise of the urban poor and the dangerous	dangerous	ADJ	conditions	NOUN	 conditions
Accordingly, with a small quantity of " nicks ", a shopper could make purchases with exact change, without receiving such makeshifts as merchants ' credit slips, that others might not accept at the stated value. By 1863, The Bankers ' Magazine reported that the	the	DET	premium	NOUN	 premium
Covici suggested a 15 – 20% share of the royalties as a recompense; but Ed Jr., knowing that the narrative was largely Ricketts ' own, insisted on 25%. With the copyright secured, Ricketts ' name was dropped from the cover, though the	the	DET	title	NOUN	 title
In Sonora, Mexico, eagles have been observed nesting on top of Hecho catcuses (Pachycereus pectinaboriginum). Nests located on cliffs and rock pinnacles have been reported historically in California, Kansas, Nevada, New Mexico and Utah, but currently are only verified to occur	occur	VERB	only	ADV	 only
The first was Merseybeat, which ran from 2001 but was cancelled in 2004 due to poor ratings and problems with the cast. The second, HolbyBlue, launched in 2007, was a spin off of successful medical drama Holby City (itself a spin off of the	the	DET	long	ADJ	 long
" There is some evidence that Terminus ' associations could extend from property boundaries to limits more generally. Under the Republican calendar, when the intercalary month Mercedonius was added to a year, it was placed after February 23 or February 24, and some ancient writers believed	believed	VERB	that	SCONJ	 that
In addition, if the motion was a senatus consultum, a capital letter " C " was stamped on the document, to verify that the motion had been approved by the Senate. The document was then deposited in the temple that housed the Treasury (the aerarium	aerarium	NOUN	)	PUNCT	)
The American subspecies B. g. pallidiceps has more colouring on the cheeks and forehead than the nominate form and is otherwise generally duller in appearance. The range of the Bohemian waxwing overlaps those of both the other members of the genus. The cedar waxwing is smaller than the	the	DET	Bohemian	PROPN	 Bohemian
I... want to see these treasures kept here so local people and schoolchildren can view them as part of their local heritage and as an aid to their understanding of the past. " The Culture Minister, Margaret Hodge, confirmed in a House of Commons debate that	that	SCONJ	the	DET	 the
It was playable at the company's E3 booth. European and Australian releases were announced on later dates. The game was originally unintended for release outside Japan, but was localized by Capcom due to positive fan reception. Tatsunoko Production assisted Capcom with its character licensing issues	issues	NOUN	;	PUNCT	;
Historically the Barnard Run was a seven mile course which began at Towler Hill Farm, ran to Cotherstone suspension bridge, with an undetermined route back to the school. In 1898 a 4 mile junior Barnard Run was created for 11- to 14 year olds. In 1904	1904	NUM	it	PRON	 it
Pascal was given a third opportunity to film Shaw's work with Caesar and Cleopatra (1945). It cost three times its original budget and was rated " the biggest financial failure in the history of British cinema ". The film was poorly received by British critics	critics	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
New Horizons observations showed that atmospheric escape of nitrogen to be 10,000 times less than expected. Alan Stern has contended that even a small increase in Pluto's surface temperature can lead to exponential increases in Pluto's atmospheric density; from 18 to as much as 280 millibars	millibars	NOUN	(	PUNCT	 (
On May 29, 2012, U.S. President Barack Obama awarded Dylan a Presidential Medal of Freedom in the White House. At the ceremony, Obama praised Dylan's voice for its " unique gravelly power that redefined not just what music sounded like but the message it carried	carried	VERB	and	CCONJ	 and
The Basques suffered most from the lack of a suitable air force. On 26 April, the Condor Legion bombed the town of Guernica, killing 200 – 300 and causing significant damage. The destruction had a significant effect on international opinion. The Basques retreated. April	April	PROPN	and	CCONJ	 and
It was built on a wealthy former Anglo Saxon estate by Bishop Odo of Bayeux following the Norman conquest of England in 1066. Odo constructed a large castle with two earthwork baileys and a central motte, intending that the castle administer his property in the region and provide	provide	VERB	a	DET	 a
The governments of Iran, Iraq, Kuwait, Saudi Arabia and Venezuela met in Baghdad to discuss ways to increase the price of crude oil produced by their countries, and ways to respond to unilateral actions by the MOCs. Despite strong US opposition: " Together with	with	ADP	Arab	ADJ	 Arab
In 2004, following the death of Brian Clough, Robson briefly stood in for Clough as a columnist at FourFourTwo magazine, and from 2004 onwards wrote a weekly column for The Mail on Sunday. Robson defeated bowel cancer in 1992, a malignant melanoma in 1995,	,	PUNCT	and	CCONJ	 and
" In Gallup polls of January 1954, 50% of those polled had a positive opinion of McCarthy. In June, that number had fallen to 34%. In the same polls, those with a negative opinion of McCarthy increased from 29% to 45%	%	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
Barcelona, also of La Liga, entered the tournament in the last 32 against a Segunda División B club, Huesca. The first leg was in Aragon at the Estadio El Alcoraz on 3 December 2014, and Barcelona won 4 – 0 with goals from Ivan Rakitić	Rakitić	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
In the 2008 state budget, the government announced that it would extend the tram line further. The first extension, completed in early 2010, was from the existing North Terrace terminus to the Adelaide Entertainment Centre in the inner north west suburb of Hindmarsh, with a	a	DET	park	NOUN	 park
At some point during the first wave of assaults, Cobb moved into close supporting position behind Armistead. Barksdale's men were also supporting, to the left of Armistead. The firefight also alerted the three Union boats on the James — the ironclad USS Galena, and	and	CCONJ	the	DET	 the
Bowring writes it was " almost subversive " that Murasaki knew Chinese and taught the language to Shōshi. Murasaki, who was reticent about her Chinese education, held the lessons between the two women in secret, writing in her diary, " Since last summer... very	very	ADV	secretly	ADV	 secretly
In 1961, with its first location in Skokie, Illinois, Burger King Corporation and its franchises began opening stores and by 1967 had over 20 locations spread throughout the state. The Hootses, claiming that their trademark gave them exclusive rights to the name in Illinois sued	sued	VERB	BK	PROPN	 BK
In 1887, four clubs from Montreal formed the Amateur Hockey Association of Canada (AHAC) and developed a structured schedule. In 1892, Lord Stanley donated the Stanley Cup to be symbolic of the Canadian championship and appointed Philip Dansken Ross and Sheriff John Sweetland as its	its	PRON	trustees	NOUN	 trustees
In Leavitt's words, " A straight line can be readily drawn among each of the two series of points corresponding to maxima and minima, thus showing that there is a simple relation between the brightness of the Cepheid variables and their periods. " Leavitt also developed	developed	VERB	and	CCONJ	 and
With Japanese aircraft engaged with TF 18, the Allied transports completed their mission of replacing the remaining Marines on Guadalcanal over the last two days in January 1943. During this time, the other Allied task forces, including the two fleet carrier task forces, took station	station	NOUN	in	ADP	 in
On November 13, as Princeton clung to hopes of at least a share of the Ivy League title, Elias rushed for 198 yards and three touchdowns on 39 carries in a 28 – 7 victory over Yale. Elias broke Garrett's 4,510 yard school career all purpose	purpose	NOUN	yards	NOUN	 yards
Winslet's segment, titled The Catch, was directed by Peter Farrelly and revolves around a single businesswoman who goes on a blind date with the city's most eligible bachelor, played by Hugh Jackman, only to be shocked when he removes his scarf, revealing a	a	DET	pair	NOUN	 pair
In the First Test at the Gabba, Lindwall removed Vinoo Mankad and Gul Mohammad in the first over on a sticky wicket, precipitating a collapse which saw India skittled for 58. As a result, Lindwall was selected as part of Sir Donald Bradman's Invincibles that	that	PRON	toured	VERB	 toured
The storm resumed its west northwestward motion on August 13. Colder air in the region caused Diane to weaken while approaching the East Coast of the United States. A recently installed radar in North Carolina noted an eye feature, albeit poorly defined. Early on August 17	17	NUM	,	PUNCT	,
Mack believes that this event was a turning point for Chloe's maturity; it is the moment that she realizes that there needs to be a line she should never cross. After it is revealed to Clark in the season five premiere that Chloe knows his secret,	,	PUNCT	the	DET	 the
Having dealt with the French naval threat, Rooke left as many men, guns and supplies at Gibraltar as he could before sailing for home. He split off part of his fleet, leaving Admiral Sir John Leake with 18 ships to patrol the strait and the Portuguese	Portuguese	ADJ	coast	NOUN	 coast
Art historian Cornelius Vermeule said of Flanagan's quarter, " a die designer could do little wrong in having Houdon's Neoclassic image as his prototype... Still, it might be asked whether or not it was fair to force an ideal [ized] portrait of Washington	Washington	PROPN	made	VERB	 made
Examples from this initial print run have become quite valuable, selling for as much as US $33,460 in a 2007 Heritage Auction. Lindsey Fraser, who had supplied one of the blurb comments, wrote what is thought to be the first published review, in The	The	DET	Scotsman	PROPN	 Scotsman
By 1600, it was in the library of Lord Lumley and by 1621 the manuscript was in the possession of Robert Cotton. The Cotton library was moved in 1712 from Cotton House in Westminster to Essex House in the Strand and then moved again in 1730 to Ashburnham	Ashburnham	PROPN	House	PROPN	 House
International regulations require that the captain and terminal master agree on a detailed plan before operations begin. Deck officers and stevedores oversee the operations. Occasionally loading errors are made that cause a ship to capsize or break in half at the pier. The loading method used depends	depends	VERB	on	ADP	 on
In one of his works he argued that Greek philosophy had its origin among non Greeks, claiming that both Plato and Pythagoras were taught by Egyptian scholars. Among his pupils were Origen and Alexander of Jerusalem. Clement is regarded as a Church Father, like Origen.	.	PUNCT	He	PRON	 He
Howlin ' Wolf recorded " The Red Rooster " in Chicago in June 1961. The song is performed as a slow blues in the key of A. Although Dixon biographer Mitsutoshi Inaba notes it as a twelve bar blues, the changes in the first section vary due to	to	ADP	extra	ADJ	 extra
They were otherwise generally similar to the Northampton class, with an extended forecastle to improve sea keeping abilities. Their masts were reduced as compared to the Northampton class in order to reduce top weight. When completed, the Pensacola class displaced less than expected, at 9,100	9,100	NUM	tonnes	NOUN	 tonnes
A large, sprawling system, little development was initially expected to take place as the storm moved towards the southwest. As the low moved over warmer waters, the cyclone was able to maintain an area of deep convection near its center. According to the CPHC,	,	PUNCT	the	DET	 the
Although there is conflicting information regarding the recording date, " Call It Stormy Monday (But Tuesday Is Just as Bad) " was released as a single in November 1947. Meanwhile, " Stormy Monday Blues ", a jazz single by Earl Hines and His Orchestra	Orchestra	PROPN	with	ADP	 with
Sgt. Pepper's Lonely Hearts Club Band was released on 1 June 1967, with " Within You Without You " sequenced as the opening track on side two of the LP. Greene notes that for many listeners at the time, the song provided their " first	first	ADJ	meaningful	ADJ	 meaningful
They can be used to drive the king into the open, away from its defenders, while they prevent the opponent from putting new material on the board. Partner communication is essential in a good defense. When one partner is under attack, the other partner should	should	AUX	be	AUX	 be
As of 2014, the winning time of 22 minutes 50 seconds is the slowest time in the history of the event. It was Goldie's third consecutive victory, and their eleventh in thirteen years. Cambridge won the 34th Women's Boat Race, making it their	their	PRON	third	ADJ	 third
The fierce fighting on Okinawa is said to have played a part in President Truman ’ s decision to use the atomic bomb and to forsake an invasion of Japan. When the Japanese surrendered, a flotilla of 374 ships entered Tokyo Bay to witness the ceremony conducted on	on	ADP	the	DET	 the
Producer Jim Stewart had the idea to produce a duet album with Otis Redding and Carla Thomas, as he thought it would help their musical careers ' progress, and that " [Redding's] rawness and [Thomas's] sophistication would work " well together.	.	PUNCT	Another	DET	 Another
In central and western regions, Australian ravens and Torresian crows vye for the scattered uncommon trees and outcrops, and only one or the other are found there. It co occurs with the forest raven in northeastern New South Wales from Port Stephens northwards. The Australian raven	raven	NOUN	has	AUX	 has
Anton's brother, Victor (James Marsters) calls McGarrett to announce he is holding his father, John McGarrett (William Sadler), in Honolulu, and wants to make an exchange. However, Victor is in fact tracking McGarrett's convoy; two helicopters arrive	arrive	VERB	and	CCONJ	 and
Adiabatic cooling occurs when air rises and expands. The air can rise due to convection, large scale atmospheric motions, or a physical barrier such as a mountain (orographic lift). Conductive cooling occurs when the air comes into contact with a colder surface, usually	usually	ADV	by	ADP	 by
Reloading was executed in 3 – 4 minutes, although the standard procedure was to switch to a new position some 10 km away due to the ease with which the battery could be identified by the enemy. Three batteries were combined into a division (company),	,	PUNCT	and	CCONJ	 and
” In addition, they were considering changing the line " one for the little boy who lives down the lane, " in case it could be deemed sexist. The phrase " yes sir, yes sir, three bags full sir " has been used to describe	describe	VERB	any	DET	 any
Before the restoration work was undertaken surveys revealed that the mill was used as a roost for long eared and lesser horseshoe bats. It was ensured that the bats would still have access after the restoration. Note: Italicized terms are defined in the mill machinery article.	.	PUNCT	Stembridge	PROPN	 Stembridge
The Theban Necropolis was later an important site for mortuary temples and mastaba tombs. The Kushite kings who conquered Egypt and ruled as pharaohs during the Twenty fifth dynasty were greatly influenced by Egyptian funerary customs, employing mummification, canopic jars and ushabti funerary figurines. They also	also	ADV	built	VERB	 built
Traveling southeast, SR 22 passes through more farmland, passing the small census designated place of Satus and an interchange with SR 223. The city of Mabton is located just north of the highway, and is accessible by turning onto SR 241. The highway leaves the	the	DET	reservation	NOUN	 reservation
One delegate at the Maryland state party convention had even called Mathias " liberal swine " for his record. Additionally, his frequent difficulties in securing a committee chairmanship along with his low attendance rate were raising questions regarding his ability. However, Mathias was showing signs of	of	ADP	seeking	VERB	 seeking
Commenting on the series Vincent noted: We're not doing stories about a fouled up hospital. These things really happen. Every story we've told is true. They're the results of untrained people, inadequate staff, horrendous costs, worn out equipment, the	the	DET	demands	NOUN	 demands
Vigilante activities continued, although somewhat sporadically, through the Montana Territorial period until the territory became the state of Montana in 1889. Vigilantism arose because territorial law enforcement and the courts had very little power in the remote mining camps during the territorial period. In 1863 –	–	PUNCT	1864	NUM	 1864
This event was also mentioned in the Wehrmachtbericht, a propaganda radio report, on 25 October 1941. Fearing his loss in combat, Lützow was then grounded, an order he did not always obey. In early November, he led Stab JG 3 back to Germany	Germany	PROPN	to	PART	 to
The centennial was reportedly the first of any Lutheran congregation in the southern United States. The wrought iron fence along the church driveway was installed in April 1895, replacing a picket fence. In 1905, the church's wood roof was replaced with a metal one,	,	PUNCT	the	DET	 the
Cần, who unofficially controlled the region of central Vietnam near Huế, was impressed by what he considered to be an abundance of courage on the part of Đính. Within six years of enlisting in the military, Đính had risen to the rank of colonel and was	was	AUX	made	VERB	 made
Notable topics of praise included its detailed graphics, new character design for Fox, dynamic environments and The Legend of Zelda influenced gameplay. However, the game was criticized for its aforementioned gameplay being too much of a departure from previous Star Fox games, while mixed reactions	reactions	NOUN	came	VERB	 came
The Minister for Home Affairs, King O'Malley, who was responsible for the legislation creating the ACT, also introduced a bill in 1910 making the ACT an alcohol free area; this bill was passed by the Federal parliament and the law was not repealed until 1928.	.	PUNCT	Until	ADP	 Until
During World War I, she was known as USAT El Sol in service with the United States Army and as USS El Sol (ID 4505) in service with the United States Navy. At the end of war, she reverted to her original name of SS	SS	PROPN	El	PROPN	 El
The result of this pathfinding process is that the growth cone navigates through the brain until it reaches its destination area, where other chemical cues cause it to begin generating synapses. Considering the entire brain, thousands of genes create products that influence axonal pathfinding. The synaptic	synaptic	ADJ	network	NOUN	 network
From July 16 – 24, 2009, NASA streamed the original mission audio on its website in real time 40 years to the minute after the events occurred. In addition, it is in the process of restoring the video footage and has released a preview of key	key	ADJ	moments	NOUN	 moments
At Gardner's commutation hearing on June 10, 2010, lawyers and medical experts in his defense argued whether meningitis contracted at the age of 4 had damaged his brain. Gardner had also huffed gas and glue with his siblings, and played with mercury stolen from gas	gas	NOUN	meters	NOUN	 meters
The scheduling drew criticism both when it was enacted and after the fact, with some analysts even positing that the unbalanced schedule hurt intra divisional play. This, however, did not affect the Phillies and Mets, as they drew an average of 27,926 fans to their	their	PRON	games	NOUN	 games
In 1466, Stephen regained Khotyn from Poland in a diplomatic victory, but in the same year, Corvinus became on bad terms with King Casimir IV Jagiellon of Poland, which frustrated the Hungarian king further, knowing that Moldavia was a Polish fief. One year later	later	ADV	,	PUNCT	,
Amatoxins content (alpha amanitin and beta amanitins especially alpha amanitin) in the cap, stem or volva of A. exitialis was higher than that of Phallotoxins (Phallacidin, Phallisin, Phalloidin and Phalloin), but the content of phallotoxins (especially phallacidin) was gradually higher	higher	ADJ	from	ADP	 from
By the first chorus, several scenes use different transition effects while Suzuki sings in different circles. The second verse has Suzuki in the dark blue room again. By the pre chorus, It then uses neon effects to immolate white objects; as a result, Suzuki	Suzuki	PROPN	's	PART	's
Salvin was succeeded in the work by John Taylor. When a feature did not meet his expectations of medieval architecture Taylor would ruthlessly remove it; as a result, several important buildings within the castle were pulled down and in some cases post medieval internal decoration removed.	.	PUNCT	Although	SCONJ	 Although
It can also be found inside submarine canyons, close to the walls. It prefers areas with a muddy or sandy substrate. It is tolerant of low dissolved oxygen levels, allowing it to inhabit oceanic basins inaccessible to other sharks. The prickly shark is a slow	slow	ADJ	swimmer	NOUN	 swimmer
Thus, they sought a simple but elegant monument. Several sites were considered, including Cawsand Beacon on Dartmoor and the Haldon Hills, but the committee's preferred location was Exeter's Cathedral Close, Exeter being the county town of Devon. The specific site was chosen	chosen	VERB	so	SCONJ	 so
This inspired the idea of Homer's club. Also, the " crossed fishing pole and rifle " insignia that can be seen in Homer's garage is the same insignia that Gould's father uses for his hunting club. Homer's bar was originally the center of	of	ADP	the	DET	 the
No sightings have been reported of this species since the 1950s. Depending on their location, green tree frogs occupy various habitats, but are not usually found in tropical rainforests. They are often found in the canopy of trees near water bodies but also occupy terrestrial habitats	habitats	NOUN	well	ADV	 well
A spokesperson for the national broadcaster said that the results were misleading because people who enjoyed the show typically do not make comments. Around the country, around 80% of callers to talkback radio were supportive; and one third of all calls regarding APEC mentioned the stunt	stunt	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
The cap surface is slimy to sticky, smooth, not zonate. It is scarlet when young, but becomes orange to yellowish orange and duller when older. The attachment of the gills to the stem is adnate (squarely attached) to decurrent (running down the	the	DET	length	NOUN	 length
Ragnall is the only member of the meic Somairle known to have styled himself in documents rex insularum. His use of both the title and seal are probably derived from those of the leading members of the Crovan dynasty, such as his namesake Rögnvaldr, who not only	only	ADV	bore	VERB	 bore
It was published by C.A. Reitzel in Copenhagen as Sneemanden on 2 March 1861. Andersen biographer Jackie Wullschlager describes the tale as a lyrical and poignant complement to Andersen's " The Fir Tree " of December 1844. Wullschlager believes " The Snowman " was the product in	in	ADP	part	NOUN	 part
On 31 July 1916, British Prime Minister H. H. Asquith issued a statement in the House of Commons. I deeply regret to say that it appears to be true that Captain Fryatt has been murdered by the Germans. His Majesty's Government have heard with the utmost	utmost	ADJ	indignation	NOUN	 indignation
They had to pay $50,000 to put someone in the window from which Oswald was supposed to have shot Kennedy. They were allowed to film in that location only between certain hours with only five people on the floor at one time: the camera crew, an	an	DET	actor	NOUN	 actor
Business flourished in precious stones such as diamonds, lapis lazuli, onyx, topaz, carbuncles and emeralds. Commonly traded spices were cardamom, saffron, and cloves, while perfumes included the by products of sandalwood, bdellium, musk, civet and rose. These items	items	NOUN	were	AUX	 were
Locally quarried dark igneous andesite and granite were mainly used, although sandstone was brought in from the east for higher status buildings. Kilham House was transformed from a traditional farmhouse into a small country house by a substantial extension built in 1926. The appearance was enhanced by	by	ADP	the	DET	 the
" Rose's game against the Oak Hill team with Brandon Jennings, Nolan Smith and Alex Legion on ESPN is described as Rose's national introduction. Although there are comparisons to Rose, his game is most often compared to Grant Hill and Paul Pierce. Dime Magazine	Magazine	PROPN	describes	VERB	 describes
Harrison began demonstrating various major seventh, diminished and augmented chord shapes – " all these funny chords people showed me when I was a kid ", as he later put it. While playing a G major 7 chord and taking the shape up the guitar neck to	to	ADP	B	NOUN	 B
As they move down the street, a reverse time lapse style sequence transforms their clothes to match a rapidly changing urban scene, which progresses through modern day London to the Edwardian period. Electric lights transform into gas lamps and buildings begin to disappear frame by frame.	.	PUNCT	A	DET	 A
In February 2012, IndiGo took delivery of its 50th aircraft, less than six years after it began operations in 2006. For the quarter ending March 2012, IndiGo was the most profitable airline in India and became the second largest airline in India in terms of passenger	passenger	NOUN	market	NOUN	 market
She was helped by her father, who was able to secure a more lucrative position again. All that time she continued to educate herself, reading books, exchanging letters, and being tutored herself. In early 1889 she returned home to her father in Warsaw.	.	PUNCT	She	PRON	 She
A government report launched in 1970, suggested surveys for five locations: Gardermoen, Hurum, Askim, Nesodden and Ås. Hobøl was preliminarily selected and areas reserved for a future airport. During the 1970s, the Labour Party became concerned that Hobøl was located too centrally	centrally	ADV	in	ADP	 in
Hamilton also refused the hairspring set of dueling pistols (that would make the pulling of the trigger lighter) when offered by Nathaniel Pendleton. Vice President Burr shot Hamilton, delivering what proved to be a fatal wound. Hamilton's shot broke a tree branch directly above	above	ADP	Burr	PROPN	 Burr
It peaked in the United States at number fifty three. The accompanying music video features Brown and American R & B singer Cassie as his love interest. In the video, he yearns for their relationship on a winter night in a city and in a desert scene	scene	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
He was re elected in 1984 and 1990, left the Senate in 1997, and was an unsuccessful candidate for the 2000 Democratic presidential nomination. Bradley is the author of seven non fiction books, most recently We Can All Do Better, and hosts a weekly radio	radio	NOUN	show	NOUN	 show
The German destroyers reached the Ofotfjord on the morning of 9 April and Commodore Friedrich Bonte took his flagship Wilhelm Heidkamp, Bernd von Arnim and Georg Thiele down the fjord to Narvik. A heavy snowstorm allowed von Arnim and Thiele to enter the harbor without challenge and tie	tie	VERB	up	ADP	 up
The two surviving ships had an uneventful time for the rest of the war conducting patrols of the North Sea as the High Seas Fleet was forbidden to risk any more losses. They were put into reserve in early 1919 and sold for scrapping on 1 December 1921.	.	PUNCT	After	SCONJ	 After
カプコン 2 ニュー エイジ オブ ヒーローズ, Hepburn: Māvuru bāsasu Kapukon Tū: Nyū Eiji obu Hīrōzu) is a crossover fighting game developed and published by Capcom. It is the fourth installment in the Marvel vs. Capcom series, which features characters from both Capcom's video	video	NOUN	game	NOUN	 game
Kota Kinabalu is often known as KK both in Malaysia and internationally. It is a major tourist destination and a popular gateway for travellers visiting Sabah and Borneo. Kinabalu Park is located about 90 kilometres from the city and there are many other tourist attractions in and around	around	ADP	the	DET	 the
The following day he earned his first Ivy League Rookie of the Week recognition. On January 29, 2010, Hummer posted 10 points against Brown. He tallied 8 points and 4 rebounds against Yale the following night. He earned his second Ivy League Rookie of the	the	DET	Week	PROPN	 Week
Game journalists believe the price is justified given the estimated 100 hour playtime Blow has stated, as well as comparing it to a similar puzzle game, The Talos Principle (2014), that was also released for the same price. To help promote the game,	,	PUNCT	the	DET	 the
" Writing for Metro Weekly, Doug Rule called the song an " instant classic " and referred it to as a " sequel of sorts to Elliott's marvelous 2002 hit ' Work It '. " A writer from Rap Up named the song one of the album	album	NOUN	's	PART	's
After slaughtering the Helvetii tribe, Caesar prosecuted a " long, bitter and costly " campaign against other tribes across the breadth of Gaul, many of whom had fought alongside Rome against their common enemy the Helvetii, and annexed their territory to that of Rome. Plutarch	Plutarch	PROPN	claims	VERB	 claims
The two Ferrari drivers used different pedal layouts in the 412T2 chassis: Berger's car was equipped with two pedals and a hand operated clutch, whereas Alesi preferred the traditional three pedal system. Hill set a provisional pole position time of 1: 20.081 during the first	first	ADJ	qualifying	NOUN	 qualifying
Odense's City Hall (Odense Rådhus), with its medieval Italian look, was designed by Johan Daniel Herholdt and Carl Lendorf in the Historicist style. Completed in 1883, it combines red masonry with sandstone decorations, stepped gables and a saw tooth course. It	It	PRON	stands	VERB	 stands
John de Clavering died in 1332 and his widow in 1345, at which point the family's estates became the property of the Percys. While the Percys owned Alnwick Castle, which was considered more prestigious, Warkworth was the family's preferred home. Under the Percys	Percys	PROPN	a	DET	 a
It won five awards at E3 that year. Early in Doom 3's development, Trent Reznor of the band Nine Inch Nails, a fan of the Doom games, was set to compose the music and sound effects to Doom 3. However, due to "	"	PUNCT	time	NOUN	 time
Prinz Eugen was a broadside ironclad, and she was armed with a main battery of sixteen 48 pounder muzzle loading guns and fifteen 24 pounder 15 cm (5.9 in) rifled muzzle loading guns. She also carried a single 12 pounder gun and a six pounder The	The	DET	ship	NOUN	 ship
The Director of the Manhattan Project, Brigadier General Leslie R. Groves, Jr., told them that time was more important than money, and if two approaches looked promising, they should build both. In the end, this was what was done. Allison was one	one	NUM	of	ADP	 of
The other crucial area of investigation is the hydrodynamics of the plasma that makes up the dying star; how it behaves during the core collapse determines when and how the " shock wave " forms and when and how it " stalls " and is reenergized. In fact	fact	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
From 1998 to 2000, its annual revenue grew 280 percent and by 2000 almost sixty percent of revenues were international. By 2000, it had a staff of 65 people, up from 13 shortly after its foundation. The antivirus product was renamed to Kaspersky Antivirus in	in	ADP	2000	NUM	 2000
Its youth programs are modeled after those of the Sorensen Institute for Political Leadership in Virginia. The Public Advisory Board, established by Father Jonathan DeFelice in 2008 seeks to help the Institute expand its role in both state and national dialogues. Board members include U.S. Senator Judd	Judd	PROPN	Gregg	PROPN	 Gregg
It originally aired on the Fox network in the United States on October 7, 1993, and has since been featured on DVD and VHS releases. Written by Jon Vitti and directed by Rich Moore, " Cape Feare " features the return of guest star Kelsey Grammer	Grammer	PROPN	as	ADP	 as
Ornina, the singer of Ishtar temple, was one of the oldest multi talented women who has a prominent statue depicting her playing music during the reign of Iblul Il. The first Mari provided the oldest wheels workshop to be discovered in Syria, and was a center	center	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
The initial Project Daedalus model sparked further theoretical research. In 1980, Robert Freitas suggested a more ambitious plan: a self replicating spacecraft intended to search for and make contact with extraterrestrial life. Built and launched in Jovian (Jupiter's) orbit, it would reach	reach	VERB	Barnard	PROPN	 Barnard
Small and probably significant rock avalanches may result and could dam the nearby Squamish River for a limited amount of time, such as those that occurred in the past without seismic activity and deformation related to magmatic activity. At some point the subsurface magma will produce phreatic eruptions	eruptions	NOUN	and	CCONJ	 and
The only form of sexual dimorphism exhibited by the collared brown lemur is dichromatism. The following table illustrates the coloration differences between the sexes: In the wild, the collared brown lemur's range does not overlap with other brown lemurs, so it is rarely confused with	with	ADP	other	ADJ	 other
British television veteran Marc Warren agreed to work in the film because he always wanted to be in a Hollywood blockbuster. Thomas Kretschmann originally intended to pick up the comic series after being cast, but Bekmambetov convinced him not to. He said that he " did excessive	excessive	ADJ	gun	NOUN	 gun
The hanukiah had previously been featured and lit at the 2010 White House Hanukkah Party. Topolosky and his family left Beth Israel the following year, citing " the deteriorating Jewish educational landscape in New Orleans ". New Orleans ' only Jewish school, which had been established	established	VERB	in	ADP	 in
Murphy was with the 1st Battalion, 15th Infantry Regiment during the 27 – 28 August offensive at Montélimar that secured the area from the Germans. Along with the other soldiers who took part in the action, he received the Presidential Unit Citation. Murphy's first Purple	Purple	PROPN	Heart	PROPN	 Heart
Rhimes used a " blind casting " technique, which resulted in several roles going to actors of different racial backgrounds than first envisioned. Isaiah Washington, eventually cast as Preston Burke, was originally considered for the role of Derek Shepherd, while Burke was initially to be	be	AUX	played	VERB	 played
The Kingdom of Polonnaruwa ended in 1215 with an invasion from South India. The Polonnaruwa Vatadage appears to have been abandoned with the fall of the kingdom, and there is no mention of it in the chronicles in later periods. It was not until 1903 that the	the	DET	Department	PROPN	 Department
The album version features " brittle hits, blips and a buzz saw break ", which many critics considered reminiscent to West's " dark and claustrophobic sounds " of his sixth studio album Yeezus (2013). The song's lyrics are about Illuminati conspiracy theories;	;	PUNCT	Madonna	PROPN	 Madonna
Separately, Davis asked Governor Beshear to free her. The governor's office said that the conflict was a " matter between her and the courts " and added that the governor had no power to grant her release. Rowan County Democratic Judge Executive Walter Blevins stated that	that	SCONJ	he	PRON	 he
Brown referred to the alternative version of her character as " Meana " due to her seemingly " mean " personality, and speculated that Nina may have become this way because without William Bell, " she wasn ’ t at the party with all of the boys,	,	PUNCT	the	DET	 the
Another major infusion of Arabian horses into Europe occurred when the Ottoman Turks sent 300,000 horsemen into Hungary in 1522, many of whom were mounted on pure blooded Arabians, captured during raids into Arabia. By 1529, the Ottomans reached Vienna, where they were stopped by	by	ADP	the	DET	 the
By the end of May 2015, the song was Video of the week on the Food Consumer website. Nelson's acting debut was in the 1979 film, The Electric Horseman, followed by appearances in Honeysuckle Rose, Thief, and Barbarosa. He played the role	role	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
Ju 87 A 2: Production version fitted with an improved 680 PS (500 kW or 670 hp) Jumo 210E engine. The Ju 87 B series was to be the first mass produced variant. A total of six pre production Ju 87 B 0 were produced	produced	VERB	,	PUNCT	,
At 2: 00 pm she went up into the studio. Morrissey told her again that Warhol was not coming in and that she had to leave. She left but rode the elevator up and down until Warhol finally boarded it. She entered The Factory with Warhol	Warhol	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
In Silcott's case, according to the scientist who conducted the ESDA test, Robert Radley, the notes from the section of the fifth interview in which Silcott appeared to incriminate himself had been inserted after the other notes were written. The seventh and final page of	of	ADP	the	DET	 the
The second vehicle, the Ausf. F, was as different from the Ausf. C as it was from the Ausf. A and B. Intended as an infantry support tank, the Panzer I Ausf. F had a maximum armour thickness of 80 millimeters (3.15	3.15	NUM	in	ADP	 in
I know I had a problem with being told what to do, and had a problem with being mentally and physically constricted. All of humanity is searching for freedom and I think it's important to know when you have it, too. " Ament stated that	that	SCONJ	"	PUNCT	 "
Countless trees were uprooted along the Mississippi, and crop damage continued its prevalence going further north. Natchez saw the highest winds in the town since a tornado in 1840, and although the hurricane struck further west than the previous two, gale winds still extended eastward to	to	ADP	Pensacola	PROPN	 Pensacola
The remainder of the 2008 – 09 season saw him only add two more goals, against Macclesfield Town and Darlington, both in the space of a month. After only making five appearances for Exeter in 2009 – 10, he joined Barnet on loan in November 2009	2009	NUM	.	PUNCT	.
Dead Head Fred was designed specifically for the PSP, and Vicious Cycle intended it to be their " flagship " title for the system. However, the game's designers have hinted that the game could potentially be ported to the PlayStation Network or Xbox Live Arcade with	with	ADP	a	DET	 a
Of the brothers, John in particular had scholarly and artistic leanings. He was the dedicatee of Walter Haddon's Cantabrigienses (1552) and Thomas Wilson's Arte of Rhetoricke (1553). As late as 1570, John Dee dedicated his Mathematicall Praeface to Euclid's	's	PART	Elements	PROPN	 Elements
Japan search from September 17 to September 23. Nice Boat had become so well known that it was used in other media. The meme appeared as an Easter egg in the first episode of Ef: A Tale of Memories., and was parodied on February 13	13	NUM	,	PUNCT	,
In light of the Trojans close victory, USC dropped in both major polls, falling to No. 13 in the AP Poll and No. 9 in the Coaches Poll, tied with previously No. 2 California, which had just lost an upset to Oregon State	State	PROPN	.	PUNCT	.
The failure to take Port Moresby in May 1942 would have significant and far reaching strategic implications, many of which involved the small Japanese naval base at Tulagi. Despite the damaging air attacks to their ships and landing forces, the Japanese proceeded with the construction of the	the	DET	naval	ADJ	 naval
Later that night an Indonesian radio broadcast announced that 23 Indonesian military personnel had been accidentally killed during a training exercise. Jackson was subsequently awarded the Military Medal for his " complete disregard for his own safety, [which] prevented the Indonesians from landing on the near	near	ADJ	bank	NOUN	 bank
Heemsbergen added that " Ormond shows reverence for Sakimoto's original material while exploring musical ideas in a style all his own " and praised the variety of the music. Kotowski praised both the " variety of moods " covered by the pieces as well as the overall cohesiveness	cohesiveness	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
He takes refuge for two months in the nearby Nizamuddin Dargah, singing qawwalis and finally to Khatana's place, making it his home. Ustad Jameel Khan (Shammi Kapoor), a Padma Bhushan classical artist, remembers JJ singing at the Dargah, and prompts Dhingra	Dhingra	PROPN	(	PUNCT	 (
Instead we brought death and destruction for which you have never blamed us. This stone marks our admiration for your great courage remembering especially the women who tended our wounded. In the long winter that followed your families risked death by hiding Allied soldiers and Airmen while members	members	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
Moreover, the Polish schools are closed during at least five months out of the ten months of the school year due to lack of coal or other fuel. Of twenty thirty spacious school buildings which Kraków had before 1939, today the worst two buildings are used...	...	PUNCT	Every	DET	 Every
It was an indication of the importance of the research station that the government and fruit producers were prepared to give financial support for its work. In 1938 the 360 acre Bradbourne House estate was added to the site. As a result of research work carried out on	on	ADP	the	DET	 the
The player's mission is to fly an attack helicopter from an offshore aircraft carrier and retrieve the captives by landing on a helipad on the island. This rescue mission stands out from the normal courses in that the player does more than maneuver a craft. As the	the	DET	player	NOUN	 player
His life was saved by the illness and death of the king, as a result of an infection or an abscess in his ear. When Catherine had realized Francis was going to die, she made a pact with Antoine de Bourbon by which he would renounce his	his	PRON	right	NOUN	 right
In 1954 he wanted to interview the French prime minister, Pierre Mendès France, and approached the novelist François Mauriac, a friend of Mendès France, for an introduction. He writes: " The problem was that [Mauriac] was in love with Jesus. He	He	PRON	was	AUX	 was
The schooner suffered considerable damage and three men drowned. The next day, further north, the barque Acacia fell onto its beam ends, but managed to reach safety. Throughout October 16 the hurricane traveled northward, parallel to the East Coast of the United States.	.	PUNCT	The	DET	 The
In wartime, a Vulcan would leave visual identification of potential targets to Buccaneers or Canberras, and could coordinate attacks by Buccaneers against hostile shipping. Though initially equipped with a number of B.2 aircraft, the Squadron eventually operated nine B.2 (MRR) aircraft (also known	known	VERB	by	ADP	 by
Pauline Kael believed that Streep had been miscast. Streep next played opposite Robert De Niro in the romance Falling in Love (1984), which was poorly received, and portrayed a fighter for the French Resistance during World War II in the British drama Plenty (1985	1985	NUM	)	PUNCT	)
Jonah also converted to Islam. With no time to make a coordinated plan of attack for the whole army, Khalid decided to storm the East Gate himself. He, Qa ' qa ibn Amr, and Mazur ibn Adi climbed the wall hand by hand from the	the	DET	side	NOUN	 side
Other possible titles included Fear of Women and Cruise Down Main Street, the latter a reference to the Rolling Stones ' record Exile on Main St. and the cruise missiles launched on Baghdad during the Gulf War. Most of the proposed titles were rejected out of the belief	belief	NOUN	that	SCONJ	 that
Jackson, the first son and third child of Alexander and Margaret Jackson, was born in 1909 at Rutherglen, a small town near Glasgow in Scotland. His father had spent part of his childhood in Australia and returned with his family to settle in Balmain, a	a	DET	suburb	NOUN	 suburb
The group's closest relatives are the slender lorises of southern India and Sri Lanka. Their next closest relatives are the African lorisids, the pottos, false pottos, and angwantibos. They are less closely related to the remaining lorisoids (the various types of galago)	)	PUNCT	,	PUNCT	,
The planetary spheres were arranged outwards from the spherical, stationary Earth at the centre of the universe in this order: the spheres of the Moon, Mercury, Venus, Sun, Mars, Jupiter, and Saturn. In more detailed models the seven planetary spheres contained	contained	VERB	other	ADJ	 other
Though the banditti continued to plague areas of northern Illinois, they were largely eradicated from Ogle County, following the lynching of the Driscolls. However, both the Banditti and the Regulators continued to be active. In Winnebago County, in early July 1841, the offices	offices	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
They found her at the kill just after dawn with her three 14 month old cubs and they watched uninterrupted for the next ten hours. During this period the family was joined by two adult females and one adult male, all offspring from Padmini's previous litters,	,	PUNCT	and	CCONJ	 and
To the east, in northern Wyoming and Montana, the Continental Divide separates the Columbia watershed from the Mississippi Missouri watershed, which empties into the Gulf of Mexico. To the northeast, mostly along the southern border between British Columbia and Alberta, the Continental Divide separates	separates	VERB	the	DET	 the
Thome hit 47 home runs in his first season with the Phillies, finishing one behind Mike Schmidt's single season team record of 48 in 1980, and tied with Alex Rodriguez for the MLB lead in 2003. On June 14, 2004 at Citizens Bank Park,	,	PUNCT	Thome	PROPN	 Thome
Agnes appears to have been motivated by a desire for the wealth that would follow her second marriage to Sir Edward, but in 1523 Agnes and the two servants were hung for murder in London. Due to this execution, Edward's son, another Walter, inherited	inherited	VERB	the	DET	 the
Recent versions tend to take the following form: The rhyme is a single stanza in trochaic metre, which is common in nursery rhymes and relatively easy for younger children to master. The Roud Folk Song Index, which catalogues folk songs and their variations by number,	,	PUNCT	classifies	VERB	 classifies
However, Usher says that she must deal with it before she can accept the truth. For the lines " It's been fifty eleven days / Umpteen hours / I'm gonna be burnin ' / Till you return ", the direction changes after Usher realized	realized	VERB	that	SCONJ	 that
Galileo's theoretical and experimental work on the motions of bodies, along with the largely independent work of Kepler and René Descartes, was a precursor of the classical mechanics developed by Sir Isaac Newton. Galileo conducted several experiments with pendulums. It is popularly believed (thanks	thanks	NOUN	to	ADP	 to
McLelland characterizes Barazoku as containing " some well crafted stories which might be better described as erotic rather than pornographic ", while the manga in G men were " more relentlessly sexual ", with less attention to characterization and mood. The 1990s saw increased media focus on	on	ADP	LGBT	PROPN	 LGBT
Neglect of Burger King by new owner Grand Met and its successor Diageo, further hurt the standing of the brand, causing significant financial damage to BK franchises and straining relations between the parties. By 2001 and after nearly 18 years of stagnant growth, the state of	of	ADP	its	PRON	 its
" Cory Edwards wrote into the magazine, expressing his similar sentiments and writing, " As the writer director of Hoodwinked, it may surprise you that I couldn ’ t agree more with James Poniewozik ’ s article. Even as I was making the film, I	I	PRON	asked	VERB	 asked
She said, " I have buried my angel and with him my happiness. " Surviving letters between Alexandra and her children indicate that they were mutually devoted. In 1894, her brother in law Alexander III of Russia died and her nephew Nicholas II of Russia became	became	VERB	Tsar	PROPN	 Tsar
Pilcher disapproved of his sister in law, particularly after her marriage to John MacBride, and relations were frequently strained; however, the two sisters remained close. The couple would have a daughter, Thora, and three sons – Toby, Tommy, and Pat.	.	PUNCT	The	DET	 The
The building still features the school's name above the door. The present building on Queen Victoria Street was designed by City of London architect Thomas Meddings, an Old Citizen of the school as well as a former Temple Church chorister. It is a wholly modern building	building	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
Đurić recalls: " My father fought in this war, my brother for almost five years and my mother was killed in 1993 by the Muslim army. They bombed our village and it hit my home directly. A really big bomb and my mother died instantly [	[	X	...	X	...
At one point, Tom describes the nicknames he has for various foods, and describes sandwiches as " sammies, sandoozles or Adam Sandlers ", the latter of which refers to the comedian and actor Adam Sandler. Andy tells Chris his favorite food is Skittles sandwiched between	between	ADP	two	NUM	 two
This scene was a reference to the character of Lolita in Stanley Kubrick's 1962 film of the same name, and Audrey Hepburn in the movie Breakfast at Tiffany's (1961). The image then fades to white, denoting the celestial stars dazzle, and then	then	ADV	resumes	VERB	 resumes
After splitting the rest of the war between voyages to North America and Africa, Empire Simba was loaded with chemical weapons in August 1945 and scuttled west of Ireland. The West ships were cargo ships of similar size and design built by several shipyards on the West Coast	Coast	PROPN	of	ADP	 of
The Escape Orbit (1964; title Open Prison in the UK), which was short listed for a Nebula Award, chronicles the efforts of human prisoners of war to survive after being dumped on a hostile planet without tools or weapons. All Judgement Fled (1968	1968	NUM	)	PUNCT	)
By the end of the 1990s and into the early 2000s pop music consisted mostly of a combination of pop hip hop and R & B tinged pop, including a number of boy bands. Notable female singers also cemented their status in American and Worldwide popular music,	,	PUNCT	such	ADJ	 such
Each colossus has areas covered with fur or protruding ledges, which Wander may use to grip and scale the colossus while it thrashes about in an attempt to dislodge him. While scaling a colossus, the player must act quickly, as Wander has a limited stamina gauge	gauge	NOUN	that	PRON	 that
He would rather live in exile with his principles intact than continue to reign as a limited monarch. " Tim Harris's conclusions from his 2006 book summarised the ambivalence of modern scholarship towards James II: The jury will doubtless remain out on James for a long time	time	NOUN	...	PUNCT	...
She was ordered in May 1938 as part of Germany's naval rearmament program. Her keel was laid down in Bremen in November 1938. After roughly seven months of construction, she was launched in June 1940 and formally commissioned into the Kriegsmarine in September 1940. During	During	ADP	her	PRON	 her
In the United Kingdom, Celebration debuted at number one, selling 77,000 copies in the first week. It became Madonna's eleventh number one release on the UK Albums Chart, tying her with Elvis Presley as the solo act with the most number one albums in the	the	DET	British	ADJ	 British
Only the Beach Boys were able to sustain a creative career into the mid 1960s, producing a string of hit singles and albums, including the highly regarded Pet Sounds in 1966, which made them, arguably, the only American rock or pop act that could rival	rival	VERB	The	DET	 The
Donaghy was released on a $250,000 bond and awaited sentencing on January 25, 2008. On June 19, 2008, the NBA filed a demand that Donaghy reimburse the league for the costs of his airfare and meals, complimentary game tickets, and other expenses,	,	PUNCT	including	VERB	 including
However, it did not take long for Fàbregas to become one of the most coveted and celebrated young talents in the game with his success at Arsenal. Functioning mostly as a playmaker and renowned for his passing range, he was described as the general of Arsenal's	's	PART	first	ADJ	 first
On the facts of the case, the Court found that Article 9 had not been infringed by the prosecution of three air force officers for proselytizing to their subordinates, since the hierarchical nature of military life meant it was difficult for a subordinate to rebuff the approaches of	of	ADP	persons	NOUN	 persons
Floods in some areas reached 16 m (52 ft) deep. Where Gretelle made landfall, most buildings were damaged or destroyed excluding those made of concrete, leaving about 80,000 people homeless. Among the wrecked buildings included a hospital and a prison. About 95%	%	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
This complexity shut out casual players, and the market for fighting games became smaller and more specialized. Furthermore, arcades gradually became less profitable throughout the 1990s due to the increased technical power and popularity of home consoles. Even as popularity dwindled, the fighting game genre	genre	NOUN	continued	VERB	 continued
She may also be depicted holding a child sitting on her lap, like Matrikas are often depicted. Matsya Varahi is depicted as two armed, with spiral coiled hair and holding a fish (matsya) and a kapala. The fish and wine cup kapala are special	special	ADJ	characteristics	NOUN	 characteristics
The national average for the 2006 elections was 66.6%. Similar trends can be seen from previous elections. In fact, the percentage difference in the PAP votes between SMCs and GRCs grew from 3% in 1991, and remained stable at around 5% in the	the	DET	1997	NUM	 1997
After slightly weakening, Mekkhala tracked northwestward and made landfall over Dolores, Eastern Samar of the Philippines at around 15: 00 Philippine Standard Time (07: 00 UTC), where Typhoon Hagupit also made landfall the month before. Both the JMA and the JTWC downgraded	downgraded	VERB	Mekkhala	PROPN	 Mekkhala
The female has a single functional ovary (on the right) and two functional uteruses, divided into separate compartments for each embryo. Newly ovulated egg cases measure 3.9 cm (1.5 in) by 2.6 cm (1.0 in); after hatching the embryos are sustained	sustained	VERB	by	ADP	 by
Over the period of one week, both sides fired over 8,000 rounds of artillery shells on Hill 224, and the South Vietnamese air force conducted over 60 bombing sorties in an attempt to halt the advances of the North Vietnamese 2nd Army Corps. On March 13,	,	PUNCT	amidst	ADP	 amidst
These skulls were likely those of Camarasaurus, the only other sauropod for which good skull material was known at the time. The mount construction was overseen by Adam Hermann, who failed to find Apatosaurus skulls. Hermann was forced to sculpt a stand in skull by hand	hand	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
Both the Gratiot and Cerre families intermarried with the Chouteau family to create a Creole dominated society in the 1780s and 1790s. The families also had marital ties to Spanish government officials, including the lieutenant governors Piernas and Cruzat. During the 1790s, towns near St. Louis	Louis	PROPN	expanded	VERB	 expanded
While in prison, Malcolm X became a member of the Nation of Islam, and after his parole in 1952, quickly rose to become one of the organization's most influential leaders. He served as the public face of the controversial group for a dozen years.	.	PUNCT	In	ADP	 In
Through the first month of the season, Seerey had six home runs, but his performance worsened as the season went on. At the end of June, Seerey was removed from the starting lineup and replaced by both Dale Mitchell and Hank Edwards; he spent the	the	DET	rest	NOUN	 rest
I don't see the connection. [...] I had lunch with Billy years ago in Hollywood... and I thought he was a very likeable guy. He had a sense of humour about what he was doing that is not apparent in the product he puts	puts	VERB	out	ADP	 out
The book borrowed formalism's concepts of an aesthetic function and dominance of different elements of language. Unlike Russian formalism, however, Wellek and Warren's theory recognized the possibility of factors outside the work being studied, although Wellek and Warren continued to emphasize aspects within the	the	DET	work	NOUN	 work
Elias Leight of the PopMatters website wrote that a recurring theme in the album — also represented in " You're Not the One " — is Ferreira's " rejection of the opposite sex ". The song's official remix, produced by Cid Rim, removes the	the	DET	"	PUNCT	 "
Yet, this highly attuned sensibility separates the classes along emotional lines: only the middle class Mary is able to understand what the poor around her require. Wollstonecraft modelled Mary after herself, even to the point of giving the heroine her own name. Using free indirect	indirect	ADJ	discourse	NOUN	 discourse
Fighting between the Picts, led by Óengus's son Bridei, and the Dál Riata, led by Talorgan mac Congussa, is recorded in 731. In 733, Dúngal mac Selbaig " profaned [the sanctuary] of Tory Island when he dragged Bridei out of it	it	PRON	.	PUNCT	.
Consequently, the student body dedicated an area in front of Boland Hall to those that suffered from the fire called " The Remember Seal " and stronger university fire safety precautions were executed. On the 150th anniversary (1856 – 2006) of the university ’ s founding	founding	VERB	,	PUNCT	,
To the north – north – east, 6 miles (9.7 km) away on the southern edge of the Judean Hills, the Tuweiyil Abu Jerwal rises to 1,558 feet (475 m) behind the town, overlooking it by 700 feet (210 m);	;	PUNCT	lower	ADJ	 lower
The episode was also featured in similar lists by the Los Angeles Times, TV Guide, National Post, and ABC2. Jason Snell of The Incomparable thought similarly, saying " Skippable? Are you kidding? If you could watch only one first season episode of “	“	PUNCT	Lost	VERB	 Lost
However, the film was not released on December 19 because an advertisement in Moving Picture World in January 1911 said that the release would be delayed for a " few days ". It is unknown, and unlikely, if the film actually was released because no other	other	ADJ	publications	NOUN	 publications
It once occupied a strategic location at the north western end of the Wantsum Channel, a sea lane that separated the Isle of Thanet and the Kent mainland until the late Middle Ages. This led the Romans to build a small fort there at the time of their	their	PRON	conquest	NOUN	 conquest
Amy, holding a gun at her, demands River explain what she said to the Doctor, and so River shows Amy and Rory the cot. Initially Amy believes River is referring to the Gallifreyan symbols engraved on it, but they can not be read by humans	humans	NOUN	even	ADV	 even
This leads some scholars to believe there was a proto Slavic divinity or demon called Baba, associated with bad weather. Traces of beliefs in that demon are preserved among South Slavs in expressions for the bad weather common in early spring (baba Marta, babini jarci,	,	PUNCT	babine	ADJ	 babine
Saavedra and Funes did not like him, but with the social commotion generated by Alberti's death, they avoided to offer resistance to his nomination. Alberti requested in his will to avoid pageantry or complex funerals, and inherited his properties (house, farm, furniture	furniture	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
Horsfield made his Albion debut in a 1 – 0 defeat away to Coventry City on 20 December 2003. The following month he scored his first goal for the club, in a 2 – 0 win against Albion's local rivals Walsall. It was the first of	of	ADP	three	NUM	 three
In particular, a different type of rock had been struck, and 60 tonnes (59 long tons; 66 short tons) of concrete had been injected without this giving the desired effects. On 30 September, Selmer stopped construction from the Bjorøy side, although it	it	PRON	continued	VERB	 continued
She said, " She pretended she was a man so no other man could touch her ". Despite the criticism, Kevin Okeefe, writing for Out, defended Swank's acceptance speech; he said, " Swank deserves a place in the great acceptance speech canon	canon	NOUN	for	ADP	 for
In 1873 a large wooden addition was built north of the stone house, which became a hotel known as the North Mountain House. The hotel had one of the first summer schools in the United States in 1876 and 1877. A branch railroad line to the lake	lake	NOUN	served	VERB	 served
The score marked Michigan's fourth touchdown in four drives as Michigan scored 28 unanswered points after UMass took the 17 – 7 lead. UMass scored on a 7 yard touchdown run by Havens at 13: 47 of the fourth quarter. On Michigan's first possession of	of	ADP	the	DET	 the
Evaluation of the strategic results is likewise disputed. The blockade was maintained, even strengthened, and Virginia was bottled up in Hampton Roads. Because a decisive Confederate weapon was negated, some have concluded that the Union could claim a strategic victory. Confederate advocates can counter	counter	VERB	,	PUNCT	,
Caius is seen after Bhunivelze's defeat, where he explains that the Yeuls intend to become the new goddess of the dead. As a final act before the new Unseen Realm is completely formed, Caius allows the final incarnation of Yeul to depart with Noel for the	the	DET	new	ADJ	 new
Due to this system of presidency Swiss leaders, like those of the EU, are relatively unknown with national politics viewed as somewhat technocratic resulting in low voter turnout, in a similar fashion to that of the European Parliament. Other parallels include the jealously guarded powers of	of	ADP	states	NOUN	 states
For the density to remain constant, new particles of matter must be continually formed in the volume from space. " It thus appears that Einstein considered a Steady State model of the expanding universe many years before Hoyle, Bondi and Gold. However, Einstein's steady	steady	ADJ	state	NOUN	 state
In 2012, Forbes magazine described how many of the KFC outlets were " aged and uninviting ", and that the chain " hasn't introduced an exciting new food item in ages ". KFC was described in 2012 by Bloomberg Businessweek as a " muscular player "	"	PUNCT	in	ADP	 in
One member of the regiment died during operations in the Solomon Islands. The regiment had only a minor role in the 2003 invasion of Iraq, providing a force element of about 40 Commandos from 4 RAR to support the Special Forces Task Group, which was based on	on	ADP	an	DET	 an
In 1391, the Sanković brothers, at that time the rulers of Konavle, gave to the Republic of Rag full authority over the Falcon Fortress, while it came under republic's final possession only in 1423. Due to its strategic importance, the Republic of Ragusa	Ragusa	PROPN	constantly	ADV	 constantly
Clive Hughes wrote " regulars professed disgust at the blatantly political character " of the division. While the division was made up predominately of Welshmen, the rest of the United Kingdom was also represented within its ranks as well as several other nations. Once in France,	,	PUNCT	the	DET	 the
The colonia was evacuated in 274 by the Romans. There are no references to urban settlement on the site for the better part of a millennium thereafter. At the beginning of the Middle Ages, two groups of buildings existed on the current site of the city:	:	PUNCT	the	DET	 the
These four overlap with the jurisdiction of the State of Oregon, which owns the natural area. Watersheds that border the Tryon Creek watershed are Fanno Creek to the west and northwest, Stephens Creek to the north, the Willamette River to the east and Oswego Lake to	to	ADP	the	DET	 the
One shell from Knyaz Suvorov struck the destroyer Asagiri, but did not inflict much damage. Around 17: 30, the Russian destroyer Buinyi, came and took off the wounded officers from Knyaz Suvorov, including Rozhestvensky, leaving an unwounded midshipman in command. The ship	ship	NOUN	continued	VERB	 continued
The question in the 1980 referendum, in an attempt to build a broad coalition, had sought only the authority to negotiate sovereignty with the Canadian government, and promised a second referendum to ratify the results of any negotiation. Parizeau believed a second referendum was unnecessary and	and	CCONJ	would	AUX	 would
To prevent that threat from coming to pass, Brig. Gen. John G. Barnard, chief engineer of the defenses of Washington, directed that a line of forts be constructed on the heights southeast of the Anacostia River. From Fort Greble at the western end to Fort	Fort	PROPN	Mahan	PROPN	 Mahan
Throughout his career, Ward displayed in his work the influence of his father's interest in social injustice. The younger Ward was early drawn to art, and contributed art and text to high school and college newspapers. After graduating from university in 1926, Ward married	married	ADJ	writer	NOUN	 writer
The Orkneyinga saga provides Einarr with five brothers including Hallad. Ivar's death on an earlier campaign with King Harald Finehair resulted in the Norðreyar being gifted to his family as compensation. Hrólfr " was so big that no horse could carry him ", hence his byname	byname	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
He purchased a notice similar to the earlier one in the Gazette, and signed it according to her instructions. In her next letter Hańska made arrangements for a trusted courier to collect letters from Balzac, and thereby allow for a direct correspondence. Before long she sent	sent	VERB	him	PRON	 him
The reward for her capture and return was also doubled to $2 million that year. A documentary film about Shakur, Eyes of the Rainbow, written and directed by Cuban filmmaker Gloria Rolando, appeared in 1997. The official premiere of the film in Havana in	in	ADP	2004	NUM	 2004
The Byzantine text of the Gospels has a number of Alexandrian features, it has some affinities to the textual Family Π. Soden associated the text of the gospels with Family Π, though it is not a pure member of this family. According to Streeter, it is	is	AUX	the	DET	 the
Another less developed system of defences was 5 miles (8.0 km) behind, and the beginnings of a third system ran from Tulkarm across the Plain of Sharon to the Nahr Iskanderun. It has been suggested that an inflexible defence relying on a line of trenches had	had	AUX	been	AUX	 been
The capital value of each durable good is equal to the discounted value of its future rents. " Fetter's contribution to the Austrian subjectivist tradition, then, is that he " showed how this uniform, subjective theory of value implies the demise of socialist theories of	of	ADP	labor	NOUN	 labor
If its density is similar to Amalthea's then its orbit would actually lie within the fluid Roche limit. However, since it is not breaking up, it must still lie outside its rigid Roche limit. Adrastea is the second fastest moving of Jupiter's moons,	,	PUNCT	with	ADP	 with
Comparable to the size of the Canadian province of Quebec, the watershed encompasses most of the central Great Plains, stretching from the Rocky Mountains in the west to the Mississippi River Valley in the east and from the southern extreme of western Canada to the border of the	the	DET	Arkansas	PROPN	 Arkansas
The DMO is not responsible for directly supplying deployed ADF units; this is the responsibility of the Joint Logistics Command and the single service logistic units. These units include the Navy's Systems Command and replenishment ships, the Army's 17th Combat Service Support Brigade and Combat	Combat	PROPN	Service	PROPN	 Service
" In a 2008 article, Entertainment Weekly named Meryl Streep's role as Jessica Lovejoy as one of the sixteen best guest appearances on The Simpsons. Total Film's Nathan Ditum ranked Streep's performance as the fifth best guest appearance in the show's history, commenting	commenting	VERB	that	SCONJ	 that
The Make Up were highly influenced by bubblegum music, particularly the French variety called Yé yé music. As the Make Up's frontman and mouthpiece, Ian Svenonius often contextualized the band's music in terms of larger socio political themes, typically describing the band and its	its	PRON	gospel	NOUN	 gospel
Honorary fellows are people who are ineligible to be elected as fellows but nevertheless have " rendered signal service to the cause of science, or whose election would significantly benefit the Society by their great experience in other walks of life ". Six honorary fellows have been elected	elected	VERB	to	ADP	 to
Potatoes replaced turnips in borscht recipes, and tomatoes – fresh, canned or paste – took over from beet sour as the source of tartness. The turnip is rarely found in modern recipes, and even then, together with potatoes. In Ukraine, beet sour and	and	CCONJ	tomatoes	NOUN	 tomatoes
Senior officers thus advised the government that an operation in Sierra Leone was feasible. Over the following days, there was debate within the British government as to what the aims of a military deployment to Sierra Leone would be. The Foreign and Commonwealth Office (FCO)	)	PUNCT	advocated	VERB	 advocated
The ships could also carry 12 15 mines intended to be used to create a secure anchorage. The hull of the Admiral Spiridov class monitors was completely covered by three strakes of wrought iron armor, the upper two were about 3 feet 8 inches (1.12 m)	)	PUNCT	high	ADJ	 high
In 1994 and 2004 Croatian authorities filed two separate cases against a total of 17 persons, including Devetak, and indicted them on charges of genocide and war crimes committed against the civilian population of Lovas. The group included fifteen who were tried in absentia. In 2009	2009	NUM	,	PUNCT	,
Twenty four hour rainfall amounts exceeding 4 in (100 mm) were observed in some areas of New England, with a precipitation peak of 5.67 in (144 mm) in Wellfleet, Massachusetts. Due to the winds and rainfall, portions of Maine, Massachusetts,	,	PUNCT	and	CCONJ	 and
In humans, the visible button like portion is near the front junction of the labia minora (inner lips), above the opening of the urethra. Unlike the penis, the male homologue (equivalent) to the clitoris, it usually does not contain the distal	distal	ADJ	portion	NOUN	 portion
Once they had been informed that they were moving forward, the brigadiers and battalion commanders would be taken to the forward areas to reconnoitre the sections of the front that were to be occupied by their troops. Meanwhile, the battalion transport officers would be taken to the	the	DET	headquarters	NOUN	 headquarters
Sydney Airport is also known as Kingsford Smith Airport, named after Charles Kingsford Smith; and Comodoro Arturo Merino Benítez International Airport, in Chile, is named after Arturo Merino Benítez. Cultural leaders (poets, artists, writers, musicians) such as Leonardo da Vinci	Vinci	PROPN	–	PUNCT	 –
Between 4500 and 3800 BCE, all of the British Isles came to abandon its former Mesolithic hunter gatherer lifestyle, to be replaced by the new agricultural subsistence of the Neolithic Age. Although a common material culture was shared throughout most of the British Isles in this period	period	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
Since 1985, the World Championships have been held in odd numbered years. FIS events include: The FIS Nordic World Ski Championships FIS Cross Country World Cup: each year medalists are announced who have the highest total scores at the end of the World Cup season.	.	PUNCT	The	DET	 The
The catalyst for the change from Waikiki to Howling Bells was Juanita and Joel's trip to see Black Rebel Motorcycle Club in Australia. They saw this band shrouded in red lights, and it created an atmosphere that inspired them to alter their musical direction. The band	band	NOUN	's	PART	's
Rolling Stone magazine reviewer Anthony DeCurtis wrote that Beyoncé sounded as if she was " having fun " on the song, while Stephen Thomas Erlewine of the online music guide service Allmusic described Beyoncé's vocals as " assured and sexy ". Mark Anthony Neal of the international	international	ADJ	webzine	NOUN	 webzine
Epstein's version of the story was that customer Raymond Jones walked into the NEMS shop and asked him for the " My Bonnie " single, which made Epstein curious about the group. Taylor later claimed that he had used the name of Jones (a regular customer	customer	NOUN	)	PUNCT	)
Sorum and Reed played their first show with Guns N ' Roses at Rock in Rio 2 in January 1991. The group fired its long time manager, Alan Niven, in May of that year; Rose reportedly forced the dismissal of Niven against the wishes of his	his	PRON	band	NOUN	 band
If this happened, Labor would have an effective 33 – 31 margin, would be able to pass supply if that was still an issue, and also could pass electoral redistribution laws (which had been passed by the House, though twice defeated by the Senate)	)	PUNCT	that	PRON	 that
The island's standard time zone is UTC + 10: 30, or UTC + 11 when daylight saving time applies. The currency is the Australian dollar. Commuter airlines provide flights to Sydney, Brisbane, and Port Macquarie. UNESCO records the Lord Howe Island Group	Group	PROPN	as	ADP	 as
However, early on September 15, Gladys weakened slightly to a Category 1 hurricane. Early on September 17, the storm began to rapidly intensify. By 1800 UTC, Gladys attained its peak intensity with maximum sustained winds of 145 mph (230 km / h)	)	PUNCT	and	CCONJ	 and
It was held on June 24, 2007 at Infineon Raceway in Sonoma, California before a crowd of 102,000. The 90 lap race was won by Juan Pablo Montoya of the Chip Ganassi Racing team who started from thirty second position. Kevin Harvick finished second and his	his	PRON	Richard	PROPN	 Richard
Catmull later explained that after the merger, to maintain the studios ' separate identities and cultures (notwithstanding the fact of common ownership and common senior management), he and Lasseter " drew a hard line " that each studio was solely responsible for its own projects and	and	CCONJ	would	AUX	 would
Spacey dressed in costumes from the movie for the tour, which started in San Francisco and traveled through Los Angeles, New York City, Boston, Chicago, Miami and Atlantic City before ending in the Wayne Newton Theatre at the Stardust Hotel in Las Vegas. Spacey	Spacey	PROPN	's	PART	's
He was fourth in the NL in won lost percentage (.727) and sixth in wins. He went a perfect 11 – 0 in his starts at Miller Park, the Brewers ' home stadium. On April 7, 2012, the Brewers defeated the Cardinals 6	6	NUM	–	SYM	 –
As Thompson mentioned on the BBC program QI in 2009, at one point in the writing process a laptop failure almost lost the entire work. In panic Thompson called fellow actor and close friend Stephen Fry, the host of QI and a self professed " geek "	"	PUNCT	.	PUNCT	.
The District's share of planning, implementation and first year operating costs was partially financed by a $6 million grant by the United States Department of Transportation. Arlington County's operating cost share of the plan was $835,000 for the first year, funded by public	public	ADJ	contributions	NOUN	 contributions
The most common transits are those of Mercury, which usually happen every few years, most recently in 2006 and 2010. The most recent transit of Venus was in 1953, and the next will be in 2051; the corresponding dates are 1814 and 2081 for transits	transits	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
The track began as a rhythm pattern of slow, low pitched tom tom drums that Gabriel made, and Lanois believed could serve as the centrepiece of a song. Tony Levin added bass to create a more harmonious sound, and during the second half of the track	track	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
On August 7, 2013, the Libertarian Party filed a lawsuit stating that they were denied access to have their candidate on the ballot due to a conflict between state law and the state constitution. State law provided for ten days to obtain ballot petition signatures, while	while	SCONJ	the	DET	 the
Mainstream films and big budget blockbusters have attracted cult followings similar to more underground and lesser known films; fans of these films often emphasize the films ' niche appeal and reject the more popular aspects. Fans who like the films for the wrong reasons, such as perceived	perceived	VERB	elements	NOUN	 elements
A contributing factor to the withdrawal of the RTGs was the spike in fuel prices after the Yom Kippur War. In 1985, three RTG trainsets (numbered 64 to 69) were retrofitted with RTL style noses, and third rail capability to enable operation into New York	York	PROPN	.	PUNCT	.
Celine Dion released two French language Christmas albums in her early career: Céline Dion chante Noël (1981) and Chants et contes de Noël (1983). Later, in 1993, she recorded " The Christmas Song " which appears on David Foster's The Christmas	Christmas	PROPN	Album	PROPN	 Album
Beaten out of the Winners Bracket by Team SoloMid, CLG.EU defeated both Team Curse EU and Orbit Gaming to advance to round six of the Losers Bracket, where they fell to Counter Logic Gaming Prime, going home with a fifth / sixth place finish. After only	only	ADV	six	NUM	 six
Forced to make repairs, Sercey took his squadron to the allied Batavian city of Batavia, sheltering there until January 1797. As Sercey left Batavia, the very valuable annual British trade convoy from Macau (Portuguese treaty port in Southern China) was due to sail.	.	PUNCT	This	DET	 This
Torres transports Tuvok off the ship, but Seven isn't in the unshielded area of the ship. The Hirogen takes the advantage in the match, and Voyager's weapons are taken offline. Janeway arrives in the Delta Flyer and destroys the Tsunktase ship's signal generators	generators	NOUN	which	PRON	 which
The term metalloid originally referred to nonmetals. Its more recent meaning, as a category of elements with intermediate or hybrid properties, became widespread in 1940 – 1960. Metalloids sometimes are called semimetals, a practice that has been discouraged, as the term semimetal has a	a	DET	different	ADJ	 different
Prejudice against this class dates back to the Tokugawa period in terms of legal discrimination and treatment as social outcasts. Although official discrimination ended with the Tokugawa era, the burakumin have continued to face social discrimination, such as scrutiny by employers or in marriage arrangements. Drum	Drum	NOUN	makers	NOUN	 makers
All of her light AA guns were replaced with nine twin gun water cooled 37 mm V 11 mounts. All of her radars were replaced with Soviet systems: Rif surface search, Gyuys air search, Zalp surface gunnery and Yakor ' anti aircraft gunnery radars. All	All	DET	anti	ADJ	 anti
The rebuilt aircraft would have extended the operating life of the Nimrod fleet by several decades and significantly improved the aircraft by installing more efficient Rolls Royce BR700 turbofan jet engines to almost double the flight range. The conversion of the flight deck to a digital glass cockpit would	would	AUX	have	AUX	 have
I thought this would be a video that would make women say, ' Yeah, yeah! ' and it would make men feel ". Sal Cinquemani from Slant Magazine positively reacted to the video and found it " rich with symbolism ". Shakira revealed that a	a	DET	nun	NOUN	 nun
Henry says that Locke is " one of the good ones ". Although Libby (Cynthia Watros) advises Ana Lucia not to try to get revenge on Henry, she is determined and asks James " Sawyer " Ford (Josh Holloway) for a gun, but	but	CCONJ	is	AUX	 is
The settlement began in the Middle Ages as a fishing village, renowned for its herring industry. Thanks to its seascapes, fishermen and evening light, towards the end of the 19th century it became popular with a group of Impressionist artists now known as the Skagen Painters	Painters	PROPN	.	PUNCT	.
Juan turned to the east, moving along the southern Louisiana coast and re organizing slightly. On October 31, the storm moved across the Mississippi Delta near Burrwood, Louisiana, and accelerated to the northeast, influenced by an approaching upper level trough. At 1200 UTC	UTC	PROPN	that	DET	 that
Now considered one of Chile's greatest heroes of the war, her service only became widely known after her death. Morales was born on 1 April 1865 in La Chimba, a barrio on the Mapocho River in Santiago de Chile, the daughter of carpenter Ventura Morales	Morales	PROPN	and	CCONJ	 and
A preview of the 10 part animated series Tron: Uprising is included in all versions of the home media release. Tron: Legacy was the second Walt Disney Studios Home Entertainment release that included Disney Second Screen, a feature accessible via a computer or iPad app download	download	NOUN	that	PRON	 that
The Department computers assign Meche to the four year journey even though Manny believes she should have a guaranteed spot on the " Number Nine " luxury express train due to her pureness of heart in her life. After setting Meche on her way, Manny investigates further and	and	CCONJ	finds	VERB	 finds
He and another crew member survived and were taken prisoner. The other two crew were killed; one is buried at Cannock Chase German war cemetery and the other in the Netherlands. The identity of the Defiant that shot down the Dornier is not certain – it may	may	AUX	have	AUX	 have
Following the honeymoon, Donna moves in with the Kennedy family. On their one month anniversary, Ringo is knocked down by Stephanie Scully's (Carla Bonner) motorbike and dies. Donna is devastated and she struggles to accept that he has gone. Donna initially blames	blames	VERB	Kate	PROPN	 Kate
It has traditionally been considered a synonym of S. armatus, though more recent studies suggest it is not. S. sulcatus is distinguished mainly by its unusually large, furrowed spikes with very large bases. A spike associated with the type specimen, originally thought to be a	a	DET	tail	NOUN	 tail
Emerald Number: When the note is tilted, the number " 50 " on the bottom left corner of the note displays an effect of the light that moves up and down. The number " 50 " also changes color from emerald green to deep blue. Security	Security	PROPN	Thread	PROPN	 Thread
However, it was able to delay the North Korean division for five days in this effort. The NK 2nd Division suffered heavily during this time to US artillery and armor, some estimates placing its losses above 3,000 men in the battles along the road. The US	US	PROPN	1st	PROPN	 1st
Zakkar speculates that the amir al ʿarab could have been a " revival or continuation " of a pre Islamic (mid 6th century) political tradition among the Bedouin of Syria whereby the chieftain of the Ghassanids, vassals of the Byzantine Empire, served as the supreme Arab	Arab	ADJ	phylarch	NOUN	 phylarch
He became the " first artist to paint the Suez Canal, thus marking an epoch making event in the history of Europe, Africa and Asia. " In 1870, Aivazovsky was made an Actual Civil Councilor, the fourth highest civil rank in Russia. In 1871	1871	NUM	,	PUNCT	,
" Griffiths went on to hail the character as " our cartoon idol when it came to reaching for the stars and pulling it off flawlessly ", concluding, " at the end of the day Kim Possible could do anything. And so can all of us.	.	PUNCT	"	PUNCT	 "
In some sense, the conflict became a side show of the Hundred Years ' War, and David resided at Château Gaillard in northern France for much of his exile, until he could return to Scotland in 1341. In 1346, in response to a plea from	from	ADP	France	PROPN	 France
In July 1944, General Douglas MacArthur, the commander of the South West Pacific Area, selected Morotai as the location for air bases and naval facilities needed to support the liberation of Mindanao in the Philippines, which at the time was planned for 15 November. While	While	SCONJ	Morotai	PROPN	 Morotai
Teeuw agrees, writing that the novel shows a psychological burden borne by native intellectuals who found themselves physically fit for a modern existence, but mentally unprepared for the transition from a traditional lifestyle to a more modern one. He notes that the sceptical, modern intellectual,	,	PUNCT	a	DET	 a
From there it continued on to a terminus in Port Austin. When the United States Numbered Highway System was approved on November 11, 1926, the southernmost segment from Detroit to Port Huron was assigned to the then new US Highway 25 (US 25). M	M	NOUN	19	NUM	 19
It was estimated to cost £1,750,000 to £2,250,000, borne by member countries of the Committee. The Nationalists wished to prevent the fall of the favourable Chamberlain government in the United Kingdom, and so were seen to accept the plan. With much bemoaning, the	the	DET	Republicans	PROPN	 Republicans
He scored his first goal for the club against Cremonese in September 1993 but had a difficult time against the highly organised and resolute Italian defences, scoring a further seven goals in the league. This was partly due to manager Osvaldo Bagnoli's inability to find a stable	stable	ADJ	forward	ADJ	 forward
Francine's storylines were not fully developed and " remain [ed] a bit of a mystery " by the end of the show. According to Vieluf, Francine communicates through a " whole different language " and has a special bond with Barry due to their different	different	ADJ	approaches	NOUN	 approaches
When Black's car is searched, it is clear it was never rigged with anything — Dees had planned the whole thing, knowing that he would be killed. As news reports spread concerning the bomber's identity and his death at the hands of the police,	,	PUNCT	Black	PROPN	 Black
In contrast, when polyadenylation occurs in bacteria, it promotes RNA degradation. This is also sometimes the case for eukaryotic non coding RNAs. mRNA molecules in both prokaryotes and eukaryotes have polyadenylated 3 ' -ends, with the prokaryotic poly (A) tails generally shorter and	and	CCONJ	less	ADV	 less
As the tour progressed, band members and others became concerned that Bono's antics – while making for good press copy and having an electric effect on some fans – were detracting from the music and might end in a disaster (an assessment Bono later agreed with)	)	PUNCT	.	PUNCT	.
" Performance Review " originally aired on NBC in the United States on November 15, 2005. The episode was viewed by 8 million viewers and received a 3.9 rating / 9 percent share among adults between the ages of 18 and 49. This means that it was	was	AUX	seen	VERB	 seen
The project was estimated to cost 267 million Norwegian krone. Estimates show that the benefit for society would be lower than the investment costs (a negative net present value), giving an average estimated NOK 124 million deficit. Norwegian Air Shuttle is building a unified fleet	fleet	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
The carpet seen today is a reproduction of the original. During the almost ten years it served as the capitol, Congress Hall witnessed many historic events including the admittance of three new states. The United States Bill of Rights was ratified at Congress Hall in 1791.	.	PUNCT	The	DET	 The
At the May 1965 election, Askin led the Coalition to its first ever state electoral victory, gaining eight seats and a swing of 5.6% to achieve a majority of two. Askin became the first Liberal Premier. Morton was re elected with 82.30%. Askin	Askin	PROPN	then	ADV	 then
The law forced landlords to provide a minimum standard of housing and enacted rent controls, setting a maximum rent for various houses; at the time many landlords bought large numbers of low quality dwellings and charged tenants exorbitant prices. It also expanded the role of the Housing	Housing	PROPN	Trust	PROPN	 Trust
This was followed by its first appearance on U.S. national television as a 150 second spot three days later, during a commercial break in Spike's airing of the World War II miniseries Band of Brothers. Additional 90 second spaces were purchased on a variety of television networks	networks	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
Ironically, Linois was captured at the Action of 13 March 1806 by a numerically superior British battle squadron that he mistook for a merchant convoy. During the Napoleonic Wars, the British economy depended on its ability to trade with the British Empire, particularly the valuable colonies	colonies	NOUN	in	ADP	 in
The Tigers were revived in 1932, playing for a short lived four years in the North Western Hockey League. They played their games at the Victoria Arena. Created ostensibly as an amateur team in hopes of competing for the Allan Cup, the Tigers helped form the	the	DET	Western	PROPN	 Western
Dewar's own Court martial began on 4 April. The Court trying him was composed of five Rear Admirals and eight Captains. Dewar pleaded " not guilty to two charges of accepting and forwarding a letter subversive of discipline and contrary to King's Regulations and Admiralty Instructions	Instructions	PROPN	"	PUNCT	 "
" It was shown on January 10, 2010 alongside " Once Upon a Time in Springfield ", which was promoted as the 450th episode of the series. The episode " Million Dollar Maybe " featured a new character created by the winner of the " Best.	.	PUNCT	Character	PROPN	 Character
In 2005, the tollway authority widened the express lanes from two lanes to three lanes in each direction. This allowed the number of express lanes to match the number of travel lanes on the tollway. Unlike the other tollways in the tollway system, there are no	no	DET	oases	NOUN	 oases
The album was recorded with Vig throughout 2008 and into early 2009 at four locations in California: Ocean Way Recording in Hollywood, Studio 880 in Oakland, Jel Studios in Newport Beach, and Costa Mesa Studios in Costa Mesa. While recording in Hollywood, the band	band	NOUN	members	NOUN	 members
Pound thought writing the cantos meant writing an epic about history and economics, and he wove his economic theories throughout; neither can be understood without the other. In these pamphlets and in The ABC of Reading, he sought to emphasize the value of art and to	to	PART	"	PUNCT	 "
From 11 June until September 1944 the Spitfire equipped No. 453 Squadron RAAF was often based at forward airfields in France and it and Australian light bomber and heavy bomber squadrons supported the liberation of France. RAAF light bomber and fighter squadrons continued to support the Allied armies	armies	NOUN	until	ADP	 until
The movement of mass ejected from the Sun is known as the solar wind. Inconsistencies in this wind and larger events on the surface of the star, such as coronal mass ejections, form a system that has features analogous to conventional weather systems (such as pressure	pressure	NOUN	and	CCONJ	 and
I never correct anything and I never go back to see what I have written... By following my formula, you write 2,000 words a day. " On completion Fleming wrote to his friend Hilary Bray: I baked a fresh cake in Jamaica this year which I	I	PRON	think	VERB	 think
Some bird species have no nests; the cliff nesting common guillemot lays its eggs on bare rock, and male emperor penguins keep eggs between their body and feet. The absence of nests is especially prevalent in ground nesting species where the newly hatched young are precocial.	.	PUNCT	Incubation	PROPN	 Incubation
" There were a few days where I was in the headspace where I could say: ' I could go now ', " said Weisz. The Fountain also stars Ellen Burstyn as Dr. Lillian Guzetti, Tom's superior, and Mark Margolis as Father Avila,	,	PUNCT	who	PRON	 who
He ascended to the office of governor by three different means. First, he succeeded Kentucky governor John W. Stevenson upon the latter's resignation to accept a seat in the United States Senate in 1871. Later that year, he was elected to a full term as	as	ADP	governor	NOUN	 governor
Recurring characters who appear in " Laryngitis " are Kurt's father Burt Hummel (Mike O'Malley), glee club members Santana Lopez (Naya Rivera), Brittany (Heather Morris), Mike Chang (Harry Shum, Jr.) and Matt Rutherford (Dijon Talton)	)	PUNCT	,	PUNCT	,
The route enters the community of Larrysville, where the route turns to the northwest through a line of forests. Route 287 intersects with Zinck Road, where the roadway becomes highly developed, following the route past residential homes and a large factory. The route crosses through	through	ADP	a	DET	 a
Transferring in 1906 to the Norwegian Military College, he graduated with the highest score since the college's inception in 1817, and was rewarded by an audience with the King. On 1 November 1911, he joined the army General Staff. Norway was neutral in the	the	DET	First	PROPN	 First
" The Islamic concept of Taqwa is closely related to conscience. In the Qur ’ ān verses 2: 197 & 22: 37 Taqwa refers to " right conduct " or " piety ", " guarding of oneself " or " guarding against evil ". Qur	Qur	ADV	’	PUNCT	 ’
The species is characterized by its unusual stem, which is covered with short lateral branches. The branches often produce spherical slimeheads of translucent conidiophores on their swollen tips. The conidiophores produce conidia (asexual spores) by mitosis. Because the fungus can rely on either sexual	sexual	ADJ	or	CCONJ	 or
Bertha maintained hurricane status as it approached Atlantic Canada, and briefly reached winds of 80 mph (129 km / h) before weakening and making landfall near Sydney, Nova Scotia on August 1 as a 70 mph (113 km / h) tropical storm. The	The	DET	storm	NOUN	 storm
Pacific had originally intended to run local driver Katsumi Yamamoto in place of Délétraz, but he was not granted an FIA Super Licence and so Gachot retook the seat. Similarly, the Forti team's plans to replace Roberto Moreno with Hideki Noda came to nought for the	the	DET	same	ADJ	 same
It probably reused stone and lead from Bealieu and Netley abbeys, which had recently been closed during the Dissolution of the Monasteries. The castle initially had a garrison of eight gunners, five soldiers and a lieutenant, under the command of a captain. In the late	late	ADJ	1540s	NOUN	 1540s
The episode also acquired a 4.4 rating in the 18 – 34 demographic, finishing first in its timeslot. The episode received generally positive reviews from television sources and critics. Although the live action sequences with Conway Twitty from previous episodes were highly criticized, IGN writer Ahsan	Ahsan	PROPN	Haque	PROPN	 Haque
According to the CAB there had been 159 mid air collisions in the years 1947 1957, and that in 1957 alone there were 971 near misses. The increased speed of aircraft and higher air traffic density made it harder to give pilots enough time to spot each other	other	ADJ	during	ADP	 during
" Regarding the World X Cup, Keller said the third round bout was a dream match for some with " lots of cool spots from start to finish, " but that it had " little context early " and was more just a " bunch of spots.	.	PUNCT	"	PUNCT	 "
Subsequently, the Corps crossed the Mount Carmel Range by the Musmus Pass and the northern Shushu Pass, during the night of 19 / 20 September. As the 4th Cavalry Division rode out across the Esdraelon Plain on the morning of 20 September, towards their primary objective	objective	NOUN	;	PUNCT	;
In 1929, Wood played a celebrated practical joke on musicologists and critics. " I got very fed up with them, always finding fault with any arrangement or orchestrations that I made... ' spoiling the original ' etc. etc. ", and so Wood passed	passed	VERB	off	ADP	 off
Agnes, the eldest of the Nottidge sisters, objected to the spiritual marriage which entailed a celibate life and, as one writer reports, became pregnant by another member of the community; however, it is unlikely that she committed adultery because her husband never accused her	her	PRON	,	PUNCT	,
In 1646, after several naval successes against Spain along the Mediterranean, Cardinal Mazarin planned a naval expedition to conquer the Spanish held State of Presidi with the aim of interrupting Spanish communications with the Kingdom of Naples, threatening the initial stage of the Spanish military corridor,	,	PUNCT	the	DET	 the
The song is loosely about AIDS and contains the Italian language lyric " Fuggi, regal fantasima ", taken from Giuseppe Verdi's opera Macbeth. According to Wainwright, the line appears in a scene when " Macbeth is going mad and sees the ghost, and in	in	ADP	[	X	 [
Manual shared athletic facilities with Male for many years, but in the early 1920s alumni raised funds to construct Manual Stadium. The stadium opened in 1924 with 14,021 permanent seats. It was one of the largest high school stadiums in America at the time. The original	original	ADJ	structure	NOUN	 structure
There is always a possibility for Nick and Sharon to get back together! " However, Soaps In Depth wrote: " Yet, with Sharon's secret haunting her like the glowering ghost of Christmas past, the supercouple's fans may need a holiday miracle to keep	keep	VERB	Sharon	PROPN	 Sharon
It consisted of a rectangular buckle, with the words " Boy " and " Toy " emblazed on it in gold color. For choosing a music director for the tour, Madonna's manager Freddy DeMann contacted record producer Patrick Leonard, who had just returned from the	the	DET	Victory	PROPN	 Victory
His works were illustrated by one of the Moldavian SSR's leading visual artists, Igor Vieru, who also painted a portrait of the author. In 1967, Ioviță and filmmaker Gheorghe Vodă released Se caută un paznic: an adaptation of " Ivan Turbincă " and one	one	NUM	of	ADP	 of
This may also suggest that banded archerfish are capable of three dimensional tasks. The breeding habits of the banded archerfish are not well known. Banded archerfish first begin to breed when they are about 10 centimetres (3.9 in) long. The banded archerfish reproduces by spawning	spawning	VERB	.	PUNCT	.
Another trough re curved Karl northward on September 24 as the storm was gradually weakening. Early on September 25, Karl became extratropical while located about 585 mi (940 km) east of Cape Race, Newfoundland. The remnants of Karl accelerated northeastward and then east northeastward	northeastward	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
The new bears unwittingly make a huge mess of everything (especially when the huge mansion they asked for causes pollution). Then, after a confrontation with them at a picnic (" Get a Lot ") Wish Bear accidentally wishes Twinkers away to the new bears	bears	NOUN	;	PUNCT	;
The poems in Buah Rindu date to the period between 1928 and 1935, Amir's first years in Java; the collection gives the two years, as well the location of writing as Jakarta – Solo (Surakarta) – Jakarta. The dates of the poems themselves	themselves	PRON	are	AUX	 are
With her entrance, she became the third female, after Chyna and Beth Phoenix, to participate in a Royal Rumble match. This also marked her first and only official WWE match. In July 2012, Stevens confirmed via Twitter that she had parted ways with WWE	WWE	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
Through 1948 Prix Edmond Blanc winner Menetrier he is an ancestor of multiple time Canadian Champion sire and Hall of Fame inductee Vice Regent and his brother Viceregal and their many descendants (which include Deputy Minister, Victory Gallop and Trempolino), as well as Canadian Horse of	of	ADP	the	DET	 the
Details about Panaman's first two animal transport journeys are not known, but her third trip began 1 April 1918 when she sailed from Newport News, Virginia, with 180 animals for Saint Nazaire. All 180 animals arrived in good health; none had died, fallen	fallen	VERB	ill	ADJ	 ill
The three tiers of the order are Companion, Officer, and Member; specific individuals may be given extraordinary membership and deserving non Canadians may receive honorary appointment into each grade. The monarch — at present Elizabeth II — is Sovereign of the order and the serving governor	governor	NOUN	general	NOUN	 general
" Other investors followed his actions closely, terming him " too shrewd to be caught, too rich to be ruined ", and his sway and influence in the market was indeed enormous. However, this aura of untouchability nearly came to an end when the cornermaster	cornermaster	NOUN	was	AUX	 was
Legislation honoring Cope is currently pending before the United States House of Representatives, having already passed in the United States Senate. Born in Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania, to Jewish parents of Lithuanian ancestry, Cope graduated from Taylor Allderdice High School in 1947 and was inducted into their	their	PRON	alumni	NOUN	 alumni
On a whim, Naylor whistled and the dog rushed forward, lapping Naylor's face. Tailing them until they reached the Maddens ' house, the beagle remained under a tree, her paws cushioning her head during the drizzly afternoon. Naylor cried during her and her	her	PRON	husband	NOUN	 husband
1008 – 1026), a close ally of the Byzantine Emperor, Basil II (r. 976 – 1025), which suggests that Hungary's relationship with the Byzantine Empire was also peaceful. On the other hand, the alliance between Hungary and the Holy Roman Empire	Empire	PROPN	brought	VERB	 brought
As he talks, Angelica imagines herself as the Pharaoh of Egypt, who commands the Hebrew slaves (imagined as the other Rugrats and numerous other babies) to throw their newborn sons into the Nile River. One Hebrew slave defies the order by putting her infant son	son	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
M. challengeri is a significant prey item for ling, as well as being an important fishery species for human consumption; trawlers catch around 1,000 t (2,200,000 lb) per year under the limitations of New Zealand's Quota Management System. The species was first collected by	by	ADP	the	DET	 the
After the start of his career for the Red Devils, he found first team opportunities rare towards the end of the 2004 – 05 season. He was given a rare first team start in January 2005 in an FA Cup tie against non league Exeter City, but	but	CCONJ	turned	VERB	 turned
Its lyrics propose a sexual encounter with a lover whose boyfriend is gone for the weekend. Gaga was inspired to write the song from her " mucky " fantasies. She said in an interview with the Daily Mirror: In my mind when I picture sex dreams,	,	PUNCT	it	PRON	 it
Starting all but four of Manchester City's matches in the 1925 – 26 season, Cowan was a key part of the team which reached the 1926 FA Cup Final, winning several ties by wide margins en route. However, in the final City were beaten 1	1	NUM	–	SYM	 –
The decree nisi was issued in December 1960, which enabled him to marry Plowright in March 1961. A son, Richard, was born in December 1961; two daughters followed, Tamsin Agnes Margaret — born in January 1963 — and Julie Kate, born in July	July	PROPN	1966	NUM	 1966
Sections of I 80 in the Council Bluffs area did not open for another couple years. A short section between Madison Avenue and US 6 opened in 1968. The interstate was completed from the eastern junction with I 29 to I 80N in late December 1969. On	On	ADP	both	DET	 both
According to the collective bargaining agreement (CBA) between the NHL and NHL Players Association (NHLPA), he was entitled to free agency within the league, beginning on 1 July. However, a conflicting agreement between the league and Swedish ice hockey officials required that	that	SCONJ	he	PRON	 he
It is a bronze medallion said to contain a dark deity who brought chaos to the world 800 years before and caused all the world but Tellius to be engulfed by the sea. To prevent the dark god being freed, war must be prevented in Tellius. There	There	PRON	are	VERB	 are
Diocletian delegated further on 1 March 293, appointing Galerius and Constantius as Caesars, junior co emperors. Under this ' tetrarchy ', or " rule of four ", each emperor would rule over a quarter division of the empire. Diocletian secured the empire's borders	borders	NOUN	and	CCONJ	 and
Cooper is represented by Larry Phillips (Republican) in the Texas State Legislature's 62nd District. Senator Bob Hall (Republican) represents Cooper in the Texas State Senate's 2nd District. The town is represented in the United States House of Representatives by John Ratcliffe (	(	PUNCT	Republican	PROPN	Republican
In December 2011 the Bureau of Investigative Journalism shot a covert video interview with Bell Pottinger executives, in which the executives referred to their " dark arts " for manipulating Wikipedia entries for their clients. The following month CIPR announced it would work with the Wikipedia community to	to	PART	create	VERB	 create
Eddie Vedder premiered two songs from the recording on January 8, 1995 during his Self Pollution radio broadcast. The recordings quickly circulated amongst the music industry, which in turn created record label interest. A deal was eventually signed to Capitol Records, as president Gary Gersh	Gersh	PROPN	was	AUX	 was
Kennedy also attended the Hague Academy of International Law during one summer. At Virginia, Kennedy felt that he had to study " four times as hard and four times as long " as other students to keep up with them. His grades were mostly C's;	;	PUNCT	he	PRON	 he
He is depicted as a well meaning, but cantankerous, maverick politician who readily partakes of alcoholic refreshment, owns a loyal hound dog (which is intolerantly allowed to wait for Hopkins inside Independence Hall), and whose force of personality helps keep the Continental Congress together	together	ADV	.	PUNCT	.
The walls facing the interior courtyard have been especially well preserved. During survey work at the arcopolis, archaeologists discovered a 13.5 centimetre (5.3 in) long flint knife deliberately embedded in the interior of the north wall, it weighed 225 grams (7.9 oz).	.	PUNCT	The	DET	 The
At Mach 3 cruising speed, the shock wave attached along the wing leading edge, preventing the high pressure behind the shock front from leaking up over the wing. The compression lift provided five percent of the total lift. The wing included inboard camber to more effectively	effectively	ADV	use	VERB	 use
Considering a profession in the discipline, he won a studentship that had been established jointly by the University of London and the Society of Antiquaries in memory of Augustus Wollaston Franks. The prominent archaeologist Sir Arthur Evans doubled the amount of money that went with the studentship.	.	PUNCT	Wheeler	NOUN	 Wheeler
PRSA is governed by a Leadership Assembly that consists of delegates representing its membership, a board of directors and various committees and task forces. Positions are elected and served on a volunteer basis. PRSA hosts an accreditation program, industry awards, networking events and a code	code	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
" The scenes where Dualla finds the set of jacks and where Laura Roslin holds the plant cutting were added by director Michael Nankin. Weddle notes that although Nankin usually peppers his writers with script notes, he did not do so for this script. Cost estimates indicated	indicated	VERB	that	SCONJ	 that
The Italians did not disclose the specifications of the Pugliese system and instead used a multiple torpedo bulkhead system. Regardless, the Soviet Navy did not use the U.P. 41 design as the basis for the Sovetsky Soyuz class battleships they laid down in the late 1930s. They	They	PRON	were	AUX	 were
The writing of these two stories, on my part, was in truth a protest against the ' humanizing ' of animals, of which it seemed to me several ' animal writers ' had been profoundly guilty. Time and again, and many times, in my	my	PRON	narratives	NOUN	 narratives
NY 398 passed Firwood Barn as it climbed in elevation. The route turned to the southeast and passed some small parks. After that, the route became more rural, climbing even higher in elevation and intersecting with another local road. After the local road however,	,	PUNCT	the	DET	 the
The parody of Tom Cruise (Kevin Bishop) is framed through the viewpoint of the actor's association with the Church of Scientology. The show recounts the actor's days with a group of actors known as the Brat Pack, and how he maintains a friendship with	with	ADP	Patrick	PROPN	 Patrick
Even though some of the agreement was never implemented, a section of the Zagreb – Belgrade motorway passing through RSK territory near Okučani and the pipeline were both opened. Following a deadly incident that occurred in late April 1995 on the recently opened motorway, Croatia reclaimed all	all	PRON	of	ADP	 of
In sexual terms, the lyrics can be interpreted in different ways for different people. In " Over and Over ", Madonna sings about determination and picking yourself up from disappointments. The song consists of instrumentation from drums, synths and has a three chord progression.	.	PUNCT	An	DET	 An
Constance (1374 – 1416) Richard — (1375 – 1415) Blanche (1342) — died as a child. Mary of Waltham (1344 – 1362) — married John V, Duke of Brittany. No issue. Margaret (1346 – 1361) —	—	PUNCT	married	VERB	 married
Over the course of the entire war this source of revenue contributed only 0.2% of total wartime expenditure. Another potential source of finance could be found in the property and physical capital owned by Northerners in the South, and the debts owed by individuals in a parallel	parallel	ADJ	manner	NOUN	 manner
After the rescue of Mussolini and the establishment of the Italian Social Republic (RSI), in spite of urging by local German officials, Hitler refused to officially annex South Tyrol, instead he decided that the RSI should hold official sovereignty over these territories, and forbade	forbade	VERB	all	DET	 all
Because many of the clubs had already arranged fixtures for the coming season it was only Kingston Wanderers who moved forward with the plan, although several other clubs were to amalgamate with them in future seasons. On 13 September 1893, the club changed its name to Kingston	Kingston	PROPN	on	ADP	 on
Up to 50 characters can be active in a single game, and non player activity is offloaded to Microsoft's cloud computing services to optimize local graphical performance. The game's development team began work on the title in 2011, and their Titan concept grew from a	a	DET	human	ADJ	 human
" The workers said the lack of proof was attributable to the lack of appropriate medical monitoring. As of November 2008, the case has been unsuccessful. A 2011 report by the Danish National Board of Health found that " the total radiation dose for representative persons in	in	ADP	the	DET	 the
The two players were immediately suspended from the football team. The day before the Orange Bowl, Virginia Tech coach Frank Beamer announced further suspensions, indicating that backup defensive tackle Nat Williams, backup linebacker Tyron Edmond, and backup receiver Angelo Harrison would not participate in the	the	DET	Orange	PROPN	 Orange
In prehistoric times the Columbia's salmon and steelhead runs numbered an estimated annual average of 10 to 16 million fish. In comparison, the largest run since 1938 was in 1986, with 3.2 million fish entering the Columbia. The annual catch by natives has been estimated	estimated	VERB	at	ADP	 at
The Zimbabwe National Army reported no fatal casualties. Hill and Husher were each awarded the Bronze Cross of Zimbabwe for their part in putting down the rebellion, while Dyck received the Silver Cross. In his history of the Rhodesian African Rifles, Binda describes Entumbane as the	the	DET	regiment	NOUN	 regiment
Although not located within Arad's jurisdiction, the Zohar Peak (552 m or 1,811 ft) and Zohar Lookout (Mitzpe Zohar) are common hiking and biking destinations on the national trail. The trails codenamed 11335 and 11240 run along the national trail in this area	area	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
Other notable American maritime fur traders include William F. Sturgis, Joseph Ingraham, Simon Metcalfe, and Daniel Cross, among others. One of the most successful American firms involved in the Northwest Trade was Perkins and Company. The maritime fur trade was dominated by American traders	traders	NOUN	from	ADP	 from
Also saturniid moths of the genera Attacus and Rothschildia display snake heads, but not from the frontal position. Many arctiid moths make clicks when hunted by echolocating bats; they also often contain unpalatable chemicals. Some such as dogbane tiger moths (Cycnia tenera) have ears	ears	NOUN	and	CCONJ	 and
Although manifested differently by being re told by different artists, it is nevertheless that the details and the prime components of Batman's origin have never varied at all in the comic books, the " reiteration of the basic origin events holds together otherwise divergent expressions ".	.	PUNCT	The	DET	 The
Dillinger became a national celebrity as a bank robber who eluded arrest and escaped confinement several times. He had become the most celebrated public outlaw since Jesse James. His father appeared in a popular series of newsreels giving police homespun advice on how to catch his son.	.	PUNCT	Dillinger	PROPN	 Dillinger
In S, M, L, XL (1995), urbanist and architectural theorist Rem Koolhaas took issue with the acerbic, ironic tone of the article, condemning it as a typical reaction by " dead parents deploring the mess [their] children have made of	of	ADP	their	PRON	 their
To satisfy these needs, " the Japanese portrayed and catalogued Taiwan's indigenous peoples in a welter of statistical tables, magazine and newspaper articles, photograph albums for popular consumption " (Matsuda 2003: 181). The Japanese based much of their information and terminology on	on	ADP	prior	ADJ	 prior
As a teacher, Stanford was sceptical about modernism, and based his instruction chiefly on classical principles as exemplified in the music of Brahms. Among his pupils were rising composers whose fame went on to surpass his own, such as Gustav Holst and Ralph Vaughan Williams.	.	PUNCT	As	ADP	 As
Three months later, he scored the opening goal in the team's 1 – 1 away draw to Northern Ireland. After going scoreless for six months at international level, on 4 June 2011, Chamakh scored the second goal in a 4 – 0 win over Algeria	Algeria	PROPN	in	ADP	 in
The Board came to a conclusion almost identical to that of the first board, expressed as follows: That the sinking of Hood was due to a hit from Bismarck's 15 inch shell in or adjacent to Hood's 4 inch or 15 inch magazines, causing them	them	PRON	all	PRON	 all
In the Middle Ages, English monarchs washed the feet of beggars in imitation of Jesus, and presented gifts and money to the poor. Over time, additional money was substituted for the clothing and other items that had once been distributed. Beginning in 1699 the monarch	monarch	NOUN	did	AUX	 did
As he approached California, he spoke briefly to John Glenn in a two minute conversation broadcast live across the United States on radio and television. Problems began to recur with the pressure suit, with water condensing on the faceplate; Schirra, concerned about the internal temperature	temperature	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
The first part opens with trumpet fanfares, alternating with flowing coloraturas in the strings. The voices enter as a third homophonic choir. They repeat the first measure of the fanfare motif on the word " Erschallet " (resound!), as the trumpets echo the	the	DET	motif	NOUN	 motif
This has significantly reduced such precarious heights over the knoll as was the case in the early 1990s and prior: in that era, athletes who knew only of the parallel style would aim to jump in an upward trajectory off the table, reaching vast heights but at	at	ADP	the	DET	 the
He made his second debut for the club in a goalless draw with Staines Town in the FA Trophy first round, and also appeared in the replay defeat three days later. He would go on to score three goals in the next three games, all in the	the	DET	Conference	PROPN	 Conference
These fossils were taken to the Palaeontology Division at Jaipur for identification. U. B. Mathur and Suresh Srivastava, under the supervision of S. C. Pant, meticulously cleaned many of the skeletal parts (braincase, dorsal and caudal vertebrae, sacrum, thigh bone, upper arm	arm	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
The gunboats came out to defend her, whereupon the two British frigates anchored between the shore battery and gunboats on one side, and the Pomona on the other. A hard fought action began, which lasted for 35 minutes until the Pomona struck her colours. Three	Three	NUM	of	ADP	 of
Jovovich found that the sketch had " all the struggle that I'm singing about. It IS the divine comedy ". The Divine Comedy was well received by critics, and featured pop infused traditional Ukrainian folk songs that led to comparisons with musicians Tori Amos and Kate	Kate	PROPN	Bush	PROPN	 Bush
Outside the breeding season, the waxwing will occupy a wide range of habitats as long as suitable fruits such as rowan are available. It may be found by roads, in parks and gardens or along hedges or woodlands edges. It shows little fear of humans at	at	ADP	this	DET	 this
Following an argument with Minka about what type of wine glasses they should use (either the glasses that belonged to Minka's mother or the ones that belonged Boris's father), Boris storms out of the room; the two families arrive and Didi tries comforting her	her	PRON	mom	NOUN	 mom
The shelter drawings WAAC acquired were completed between the autumn of 1940 and the spring of 1941 and are regarded as among the finest products of the WAAC scheme. In August 1941 WAAC commissioned Moore to draw miners working underground at the Wheldale Colliery in Yorkshire, where his	his	PRON	father	NOUN	 father
He felt that he had not used his creative potential to its fullest and that success had passed him by. " At the time of Finger's death in 1974, DC had not officially credited Finger as Batman co creator. Jerry Robinson, who also worked with	with	ADP	Finger	PROPN	 Finger
Genesis Hall was the nickname of the former Bell Hotel in Drury Lane, which had become a squat in early 1969 and later became noted for a mass eviction by the police. In the view of Mojo magazine reviewer Mike Baines " Thompson's writing reached maturity on	on	ADP	'	PUNCT	 '
It is critically endangered and found only in Djibouti, a nation in the Horn of Africa. This species is grayish brown overall with white stripes and streaks on its underparts which become finer towards the upperparts. It has black markings on the head and a gray crown	crown	NOUN	and	CCONJ	 and
After some time apart, Mills and McCartney separated on 17 May 2006. In November 2007, Mills gave a number of interviews, saying that the breakdown of the marriage was caused by her husband's daughter, Stella, whom she described as " jealous " and	and	CCONJ	"	PUNCT	 "
The United Nations High Commissioner for Refugees has won the Peace Prize twice for assisting refugees: in 1954 and 1981. The Curie family has received the most prizes, with four prizes won by five individual laureates. Marie Curie received the prizes in Physics (in 1903	1903	NUM	)	PUNCT	)
But I couldn't imagine this guy wanting to get back on any island that had dinosaurs in it after the first movie. " In June 1999, Craig Rosenberg began writing the first draft of the script, which involved teenagers who get marooned on Isla Sorna.	.	PUNCT	Johnston	PROPN	 Johnston
No ballcourt has been identified at the Motul de San José site itself, making the presence of one here of especial interest. Rich deposits were found associated with the ballcourt, including 21,000 potsherds, 239 pieces of obsidian, 155 fragments of ceramic figurines and 84 stone	stone	NOUN	tools	NOUN	 tools
The sole survivor is a man named Babcock, who reveals that he has saved the alien corpse from theft by burying it. Together, the three men bring the corpse to the United States. There, Mulder and Arlinsky perform an autopsy on the corpse, believing	believing	VERB	it	PRON	 it
From there, the railroad was to continue to the Pacific Ocean following whatever proved to be the best route. The route was scheduled to be completed by July 4, 1878. However, the Southern Pacific was able to get a clause favorable to their own interests	interests	NOUN	inserted	VERB	 inserted
At the time, the storm was moving slowly northward due to the influence of a large mid- to upper level trough. Located in a favorable environment of sea surface temperatures around 86° F (30° C) and low vertical wind shear, Marty strengthened steadily	steadily	ADV	.	PUNCT	.
In a non pregnant woman, the cervix is usually 2 to 3 cm long (~ 1 inch) and roughly cylindrical in shape. The narrow, central cervical canal runs along its entire length, connecting the uterine cavity and the lumen of the vagina. The	The	DET	opening	NOUN	 opening
The Face of Boe was originally intended to die in " New Earth ", but as that episode featured another death, it was put off. The meaning of Boe's final words are revealed in " Utopia ", while " Last of the Time Lords "	"	PUNCT	suggest	VERB	 suggest
One of the voice actors from Son of Cliché, Chris Barrie went on to portray Arnold Rimmer in the Red Dwarf TV series. Episodes of Dave Hollins can be found on the 2 disc Red Dwarf DVD sets starting with series 5 and ending with series 8.	.	PUNCT	The	DET	 The
In 1940 Tunis received $200 from his publisher to visit the Dodgers ' spring training camp in Clearwater, Florida. He then began work on his first baseball novel. The Kid from Tomkinsville became the first in a series of eight books about the Brooklyn Dodgers.	.	PUNCT	In	ADP	 In
" As well as allegedly exploiting female wrestlers sexually, Ellison has been accused of using her financial influence to control the women's wrestling scene and ensure that other women did not gain greater recognition. In addition to being a key participant in the original screwjob on Wendi	Wendi	PROPN	Richter	PROPN	 Richter
" A retrospective review from Bruce Eder at Allmusic stated it " might be the best debut album ever delivered by an American blues band, a bold, powerful, hard edged, soulful essay in electric blues with a native Southern ambience. " All songs written by	by	ADP	Gregg	PROPN	 Gregg
However, she learnt the right pronunciation and diction with the help of producer, Yash Johar and the crew members. Her comic dramatic performance met with unanimous critical acclaim and won her several awards, including her third Filmfare Award and her second Screen Award in the Best	Best	PROPN	Actress	PROPN	 Actress
During the events of Final Fantasy X, the fayth of the aeon Bahamut serves as the chosen representative of the fayth as a collective. The fayth aids High Summoner Yuna and her guardians in bringing the spiral of death to an end, which results in their own	own	ADJ	passing	NOUN	 passing
In the attack, two men were awarded the Victoria Cross, and nine the Indian Order of Merit, and Blackader was commended by his corps commander, General Willcocks, who wrote that " I had learned to respect him and to trust in his judgement. The	The	DET	manner	NOUN	 manner
Their return to Pichilemu was described by Diario VI Región newspaper as " historic ", by saying " at Pichilemu, a historical reception was being prepared, as a multitude of people crowded the streets and avenues at the beach resort, waiting for them, in a	a	DET	journey	NOUN	 journey
The trachea system has most likely evolved in small ancestors to help resist desiccation. The trachea were originally connected to the surroundings through a pair of openings called spiracles, but in the majority of spiders this pair of spiracles has fused into a single one in the middle	middle	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
He broadcast 3,338 consecutive games between November 21, 1965, and December 16, 2001. Hearn came up with West's " Mr. Clutch " nickname. He was a part of the team's " inner sanctum " when Cooke was owner, and was consulted on	on	ADP	basketball	NOUN	 basketball
On June 10, 2013, Juicy J announced he would be releasing a four track mixtape prior to the album titled, Wax. All the songs on the mixtape were reported to also have music videos, however that mixtape would not come to fruition, and "	"	PUNCT	Wax	NOUN	 Wax
In 1992 – 93 Albion finished fourth and entered the playoffs for the first time, having just missed out the previous year. Albion's first appearance at Wembley for over twenty years — and their last ever at the original stadium — saw them beat Port Vale 3	3	NUM	–	PUNCT	 –
The area constituting Pakistan was historically a part of the British Indian Empire throughout much of the nineteenth century. The East India Company begun their trade in South Asia in the 17th century, and the company rule started from 1757 when they won the Battle of Plassey.	.	PUNCT	Following	VERB	 Following
Blood free thyroxine and TSH levels are monitored to help determine whether the dose is adequate. This is done 4 – 8 weeks after the start of treatment or a change in levothyroxine dose. Once the adequate replacement dose has been established, the tests can be repeated	repeated	VERB	after	ADP	 after
In natural populations of P. major, inbreeding is avoided by dispersal of individuals from their birthplace, which reduces the chance of mating with a close relative. The Eurasian sparrowhawk is a predator of great tits, with the young from second broods being at higher risk partly	partly	ADV	because	SCONJ	 because
At launch, Yorktown joined the Squadron of Evolution of " New Navy " steel hulled ships. Detached from that squadron, Yorktown, under the command of Robley D. Evans, sailed to Valparaíso, Chile, during the 1891 Baltimore Crisis and relieved USS Baltimore at that	that	DET	port	NOUN	 port
Furthermore, to save design time, the turbine installation used in the light cruiser Champion, the navy's first cruiser with geared turbines, was simply doubled. The Parsons turbines were arranged in two engine rooms and each of the turbines drove one of the four propeller	propeller	NOUN	shafts	NOUN	 shafts
Forget villain. Just what it would feel like. And this concept of letting out who she is [,] that she's kept to herself for so long [,] and she's alone and free, but then the sadness of the fact [sic	sic	X	]	X	]
He arrived in the Crimea in early March, and one of his duties was to take over the operation of the railway from the contractors. It was finally handed over by Peto, Brassey and Betts in early July. The existence of the railway meant that sufficient	sufficient	ADJ	supplies	NOUN	 supplies
She was laid down in May 1902, launched in May 1904, and commissioned into the Atlantic Fleet in February 1906. The ship was armed with an offensive battery of four 12 inch (300 mm) guns and eight 8 inch (200 mm) guns,	,	PUNCT	and	CCONJ	 and
Storylines between the characters were produced on WWE's weekly television shows Raw and SmackDown with the Raw and SmackDown brands — storyline divisions in which WWE assigned its employees to different programs. The main event matches for the Elimination Chamber event consisted of two Elimination Chamber matches,	,	PUNCT	with	ADP	 with
Al Bakri served as a representative of Damascus in the Syrian Parliament between 1932 and 1946. He was one of the main coordinators of the 1936 general strike and became Vice President of the National Bloc. He defected to join Abd al Rahman Shahbandar's party in 1938	1938	NUM	.	PUNCT	.
The motif is also conveyed in the scene in which Bowden forces Dussander to put on a Schutzstaffel uniform and to march to Bowden's commands. Dussander continues marching despite Bowden's insistences to stop, emulating the premise of the poem The Sorcerer's Apprentice in which the	the	DET	untrained	ADJ	 untrained
The paradox can be solved by mass transfer: when the more massive star became a subgiant, it filled its Roche lobe, and most of the mass was transferred to the other star, which is still in the main sequence. In some binaries similar to Algol	Algol	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
From the early 1840s to 1851 Staunton could successfully give odds to almost any UK based player, including eventually John Cochrane; the exceptions were Henry Thomas Buckle, to whom Staunton gave pawn and move in 1843 and lost their match (six losses, no draws,	,	PUNCT	one	NUM	 one
However, the authenticity of the accounts of his life, ministry, and death are widely disputed and there are no historical records of his death nor existence. Together with his alleged murderer Lalli, Henry remains one of the most recognized people from the early history of	of	ADP	Finland	PROPN	 Finland
Found by Eric Lawes, a metal detectorist in the village of Hoxne in Suffolk, England, on 16 November 1992, the hoard consists of 14,865 Roman gold, silver and bronze coins from the late fourth and early fifth centuries, and approximately 200 items of silver	silver	ADJ	tableware	NOUN	 tableware
Despite this cloud tops associated with Connie began to warm, even though the eye remained well defined. Thus, the JTWC lowered the intensity of Connie to 190 km / h (120 mph), based on a blend of satellite intensity estimates. Early on January	January	PROPN	28	NUM	 28
For example, Gaozu's Chancellor Xiao He (d. 193 BC) integrated much of the statutes of the Qin law code into the newly compiled Han law code. Yet Gaozu's establishment of central control over only a third of the empire — the other two thirds	thirds	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
Irfan Shahîd believes that this generous treatment, as well as the fact that he was not brought to trial for his supposed treason, indicate that Tiberius too did not believe the charges, but ordered the arrest chiefly to placate the strong anti Monophysite faction in the imperial	imperial	ADJ	capital	NOUN	 capital
This has led some scholars, chiefly Alexander Vasiliev and George Ostrogorsky, to regard Thomas's revolt as an expression of widespread discontent among the rural population, which suffered under heavy taxation. Other Byzantinists, notably Lemerle, dismiss rural discontent as a primary factor during the	the	DET	revolt	NOUN	 revolt
Two thirds of Virginia Tech's 300 total offensive yardage came via passes from quarterbacks Sean Glennon (174 yards) and Tyrod Taylor (28 yards). Glennon's three passing touchdowns tied an ACC Championship Game record set by former Virginia Tech quarterback Marcus Vick in 2005	2005	NUM	.	PUNCT	.
This limit based attitude towards 0.999 … is often put in more evocative but less precise terms. For example, the 1846 textbook The University Arithmetic explains, ".999 +, continued to infinity = 1, because every annexation of a 9 brings the value closer to	to	ADP	1	NUM	 1
Psoriasis in those with HIV / AIDS is often severe and may be untreatable with conventional therapy. Psoriasis has been described as occurring after strep throat, and may be worsened by skin or gut colonization with Staphylococcus aureus, Malassezia, and Candida albicans. Drug induced psoriasis	psoriasis	NOUN	may	AUX	 may
Large numbers of women were employed temporarily. Trade unions gave strong support to the war effort, cutting back on strikes and restrictive practices. Membership doubled from 4.1 million in 1914, 28.3 million in 1920. 65 percent of union members had been associated with the Trades	Trades	PROPN	Union	PROPN	 Union
Different weapon types have different ranges, such as a bow and arrow having a longer range than melee weapons such as a mace. Like several Square titles, the New Game Plus option is made available to the player upon first completing the game. In Vagrant Story	Story	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
However, these reforms have been hampered by both a lack of funding and an adverse political climate that makes the performance of new plays difficult. In addition to more formal reform measures, Peking opera troupes during the 1980s also adopted more unofficial changes. Some of those	those	PRON	seen	VERB	 seen
After the 1973 oil crisis, the Brazilian government made mandatory the use of ethanol blends with gasoline, and neat ethanol powered cars (E100 only) were launched to the market in 1979, after testing with several prototypes developed by four carmakers. Brazilian carmakers modified gasoline	gasoline	NOUN	engines	NOUN	 engines
In this work, Dembski lists a god or an " alien life force " as two possible options for the identity of the designer; however, in his book Intelligent Design: The Bridge Between Science and Theology (1999), Dembski states: Christ is indispensable	indispensable	ADJ	to	ADP	 to
The English common name is for the insect's emergence in or around the month of May in the UK. The name shadfly is from the Atlantic fish the shad, which runs up American East Coast rivers at the same time as many mayflies emerge. From the	the	DET	Permian	ADJ	 Permian
However, on 6 July 2012, he was cleared to participate. In 2008, Tony Parker co directed with Jean Marie Antonini a 1 hour film, 9 - Un chiffre, un homme (meaning 9, a number, a man). The biographical documentary	documentary	NOUN	film	NOUN	 film
The Sunbeam Tiger was a development of the Sunbeam Alpine series I, introduced by the British manufacturer Rootes in 1959. Rootes realised that the Alpine needed more power if it was to compete successfully in world markets, but lacked a suitable engine and the resources to develop	develop	VERB	one	NUM	 one
Litters typically include two or three infants, although up to five have been reported. Birth weights in captivity average between 83 to 101.7 g (2.93 to 3.59 oz) and range from 70 to 140 grams (2.5 to 4.9 oz). Ruffed lemur infants are	are	AUX	altricial	ADJ	 altricial
Using the latter move, she is found in a black and white chequered background room where she moves around a larger than life playing card. The video ends with Rihanna running away from the camera and jumping into a chair, throwing her legs over the side with	with	ADP	a	DET	 a
She is the youngest of seven siblings (with two sisters and four brothers) born to Pete and Judy Wambach. She began playing soccer at the age of four after her sister decided she wanted to try the sport. Their mother checked out a book from the	the	DET	library	NOUN	 library
The ship carried a secondary battery of eight 15 cm (5.9 in) SK C / 28 guns in single turrets grouped amidships. Her anti aircraft battery originally consisted of three 8.8 cm (3.5 in) L / 45 guns, though in 1935 these were replaced	replaced	VERB	with	ADP	 with
" Praise You In This Storm " won the award for Pop / Contemporary Recorded Song of the Year at the 38th GMA Dove Awards; it was also nominated for Song of the Year at that same event. At the 39th GMA Dove Awards, " Praise You	You	PRON	In	ADP	 In
There is no requirement of subsidiarity: in this respect " necessary self defense " differs from " utmost necessity ". The main limitation is that the defense may not be manifestly disproportionate to the manner of the attack. The manner of the attack is not the same	same	ADJ	as	ADP	 as
In its design, the XR 1 bore a strong resemblance to the Focke Wulf Fw 61, a helicopter developed by Henrich Focke in Germany that, flown by Hanna Reitsch, had impressed Platt LePage co founder Wynn LePage during a tour of Europe. The XR 1	1	NUM	was	AUX	 was
They don't merely go to a concert to perform and get it over with, they aim to grow their cult and seek recognition – and they do this by putting on a badass concert. " He also commented, " Most impressive were the phenomenal lighting effects	effects	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
His health and spirits rallied in the years after Buck's death: he completed a travel book, Tahiti, Isle of Dreams, and a book tour of the United States and Europe. On returning to Tahiti he struck up a relationship with a mixed race islander	islander	NOUN	named	VERB	 named
Whilst at Spratt's, Cruft gradually rose to the role of general manager, after being head of their Show Department for several years. At the age of 26, some twelve years after leaving the jewellery business, Cruft was made office manager. The Spratt's	's	PART	dog	NOUN	 dog
Under Section 4, the activity will be considered to be " improperly " performed when the expectation of good faith or impartiality has been breached, or when the function has been performed in a way not expected of a person in a position of trust. Section 5	5	NUM	provides	VERB	 provides
The first recorded Cavalier living in the United States was brought from the United Kingdom in 1956 by W. Lyon Brown, together with Elizabeth Spalding and other enthusiasts, she founded the Cavalier King Charles Club USA which continues to the present day. In 1994, the American	American	PROPN	Cavalier	PROPN	 Cavalier
At any time, the player may request reinforcements from either one of the two aircraft carriers, HMS Hermes or HMS Invincible. The main objective of the game is to either defeat all occupying Argentine forces in the archipelago, or to capture and hold all ten settlements	settlements	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
In the orders that branched off before the lilioid monocots, the Acorales and Alismatales, flowers differ in several ways. In some cases, like Acorus (Acorales), they have become insignificant. In others, like Butomus (Alismatales), they have six coloured	coloured	ADJ	tepals	NOUN	 tepals
R.C. MacLeod stated his belief that the flag would only have been waved twice, and so rejected the tradition of it being unfurled at the Battle of Bloody Bay — because the MacLeods were on the losing side! R.C. MacLeod also wondered if it had been waved in	in	ADP	1600	NUM	 1600
A lakeside community on the eastern shore of Lake George in the Adirondack Mountains, Huletts Landing is located entirely within the Adirondack Park. There is only one roadway access to the hamlet, County Route 6 and its suffixed routes, which head north south. Huletts Landing	Landing	PROPN	is	AUX	 is
Kyousuke, who sneaked onto the bus (as a third year he was not allowed to go), managed to block the leak hole on the gas tank to delay the explosion, despite his injuries being far greater than anyone else. Everyone in the bus recovers	recovers	NOUN	from	ADP	 from
Gilmour said: " The Dark Side of the Moon and Wish You Were Here were so successful not just because of Roger's contributions, but also because there was a better balance between the music and the lyrics [than on later albums.] " He added	added	VERB	that	SCONJ	 that
He also approved the formation of the Kentucky State Agricultural Society in 1856. The state geological survey begun under Governor Lazarus W. Powell was completed and published. Internal improvements progressed as well; railroad mileage in the state increased from 242 miles to 568 miles during Morehead's	's	PART	term	NOUN	 term
He sums up the various influences and versions: As it evolved from ragtime through jazz, boogie woogie, big band swing, small combo rhythm and blues, rockabilly, blues rock, acid rock, heavy metal, punk, thrash, psychobilly, and points beyond	beyond	ADP	,	PUNCT	,
She said later: " I prayed all night long for my master till the first of March; and all the time he was bringing people to look at me, and trying to sell me. " When it appeared as though a sale was being concluded,	,	PUNCT	"	PUNCT	 "
Upon completing or failing an objective, the player earns points and receives comments from the instructors. Points are awarded based on criteria such as the time taken to complete the event, the accuracy of the landing, and the completion of certain tasks, such as flying	flying	VERB	through	ADP	 through
Using strikes and other protest actions, Solidarity sought to force a change in government policies. In some cases, as in Bielsko Biała, Solidarity managed to force corrupt officials of the government to lose their jobs. At the same time, it was careful never to	to	PART	use	VERB	 use
Winterson intended the screenplay to be reminiscent of a fairytale, and was unhappy at being asked to write a new ending for its American release. The film was shown at the 1994 Cannes Film Festival and broadcast on British television in 1995. Although originally intended for theatrical	theatrical	ADJ	release	NOUN	 release
This is one of the main reasons for the generally poor survival rates. Exceptions to this are the functioning PanNETs, where over production of various active hormones can give rise to symptoms (which depend on the type of hormone). Bearing in mind that the disease	disease	NOUN	is	AUX	 is
Instead Tilbury became a strategic depot, forming a logistical hub for storing and moving troops and materiel throughout the First World War. The fort had only a limited role in the Second World War and was demobilised in 1950. Tilbury Fort is now operated by the heritage	heritage	NOUN	agency	NOUN	 agency
It begins with a conversation with one of her friends, who asks Jackson the title question. Lyrically, it involves the singer asking why her lover was not as attentive as he once was. He was not treating her as well as he used to, and	and	CCONJ	she	PRON	 she
Nevertheless, Hellenization occurred throughout the region, accompanied by a distinct and opposite ' Orientalization ' of the successor states. The core of the Hellenistic culture promulgated by the conquests was essentially Athenian. The close association of men from across Greece in Alexander's army directly led	led	VERB	to	ADP	 to
" Nonetheless, the film was a box office disappointment. Hawke also appeared in the 1994 film Quiz Show. Although he was originally considered for the lead role of Charles Van Doren, he took on a supporting role and had his screen time cut considerably during production	production	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
, thus creating the MGM Mirage company, and plans for Le Jardin were canceled. Despite the fact that Le Jardin was canceled and MGM Mirage's new casino, Borgata, was not scheduled to open until 2003, Trump still fought against the project's plans to	to	PART	build	VERB	 build
Zoe Williams reviewed the restaurant for The Daily Telegraph in 2010, after Burbidge became head chef. She found issues with some of the dishes, such as a mackerel which wasn't properly filleted, and some overcooked samphire. However she thought that the dessert was perfect	perfect	ADJ	,	PUNCT	,
The Nuremberg trials were important historically, but the events were still very recent, television was in its infancy and not present, and there was little public impact. There were isolated moments of limited public awareness from Hollywood films such as The Diary of Anne Frank (	(	PUNCT	1959	NUM	1959
" To find suitable back up dancers, ads were placed in Los Angeles newspapers for " Very Fat Dancers ". One of the men used in the video was actually a pizza delivery man who had delivered food to the casting offices. Due to the music video	video	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
None of these actions have been taken, as the bridge leaves were raised in 1994, and have remained raised ever since. Consideration was given in 2007 to preserving two of the hydraulic rams which operated the bridge, during planning to demolish the structure. The Hull	Hull	PROPN	Hydraulic	PROPN	 Hydraulic
Speight also worked on This Morning, The Heaven and Earth Show, The Big Breakfast and was a contestant in ITV's Celebrity Wrestling. Speight also played the king on children's programme See It Saw It, where he met Natasha Collins. Collins was seriously injured	injured	VERB	after	ADP	 after
Sabo denied having made any such comment. On March 27, 2008, the three judge panel issued a majority 2 – 1 opinion upholding Yohn's 2001 opinion but rejecting the bias and Batson claims, with Judge Ambro dissenting on the Batson issue. On July 22	22	NUM	,	PUNCT	,
Sivaji was awarded a " U " (Universal) rating by the Central Board of Film Certification, only cutting three scenes – a suggestive dialogue by Vivek and two scenes of close up views of Shriya Saran's navel and cleavage. The trailer was released by CNN	CNN	PROPN	IBN	PROPN	 IBN
In 651, in the aftermath of an attack by Penda on Cnobheresburg, Anna was forced to flee into exile, perhaps to the western kingdom of the Magonsæte. He returned to East Anglia in about 653, but soon afterwards the kingdom was attacked again by Penda	Penda	PROPN	and	CCONJ	 and
The Portland Mercury's Katie Shimer called the bar " one million percent fun " and said, " Whatever your fetish, the strippers deliver... Make sure you stuff your pockets with singles, ' cause you'll be spending at least a good hour at the rack	rack	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
He was the last member of the United Farmers of Alberta (UFA) to hold the office, and that party's defeat at the hands of the upstart Social Credit League in the 1935 election made him the shortest serving premier to that point in Alberta's history	history	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
On 11 July, Bolt led another flight of four fighters in a reconnaissance mission above Sinuiju, his 37th combat mission of the deployment. Two of the aircraft departed after their fuel tanks were depleted, leaving him with one wingman to continue the patrol. Soon after	after	ADV	,	PUNCT	,
US 13 intersects many major roads including the southern terminus of US 113 in Pocomoke City, Maryland Route 413 (MD 413) in Westover, and MD 12 and US 50 where the route is on the Salisbury Bypass. The route shares a concurrency with US 50	50	NUM	along	ADP	 along
The judges would be six Masters, who would sit in groups of three and be appointed by Parliament, assisted by a Chief Clerk. All Justices of the Peace would be allowed to submit cases to the court, with cases to be heard within 60 days.	.	PUNCT	The	DET	 The
Both films deal with adult themes: Watership Down the negotiation of leadership to organize an exodus away from persecution, and The Plague Dogs on animal testing. The Wall, an adaptation of Pink Floyd's concept album of the same name, featured 15 minutes of painstaking	painstaking	ADJ	traditional	ADJ	 traditional
George Lullfitz, a Western Australian nurseryman, recommends growing it as a rambling ground cover in front of other shrubs, or in a rockery. The following cultivars exist: A. " Coral Drift " is a compact form in cultivation since at least the 1990s. It	It	PRON	is	AUX	 is
Under the management of Graham Taylor, Gibbs eventually established himself as a first team player at Watford, making 100 Football League appearances before the club's relegation from the First Division in 1988. Gibbs remained a key player for the team in the Second Division, and	and	CCONJ	was	AUX	 was
The Pakistani military had prepared for the operation long before, and the government prepared for a three front operation: isolating targeted militant groups, obtaining support from the political parties and saving civilians from the backlash of the operation. Defence Minister Khawaja Asif said that the nation	nation	NOUN	stood	VERB	 stood
To counter the criticism, he pledged one half of his £10,000 fee to the Manchester United Supporters ' Trust and the other half to UNICEF. Nesbitt is co owner of National Hunt racehorse ' Riverside Theatre ', named after the theatre of the University of Ulster	Ulster	PROPN	in	ADP	 in
Bennington's secondary battery consisted of four 6 pounder (57 mm (2.24 in)) guns, and four 1 pounder (37 mm (1.46 in)) guns. Both were based on designs of the French arms company Hotchkiss. According to a 1902 Bureau	Bureau	PROPN	of	ADP	 of
He went on to score two further goals during the latter stages of the season; once in a 2 – 2 draw away at Sheffield United, and the other in a 3 – 0 win over Bury, on the last day of the regular season as Stevenage	Stevenage	NOUN	secured	VERB	 secured
Antisemitic content and material about a charismatic leader may have been added by Goebbels shortly before the book was published in 1929 by Eher Verlag, the publishing house of the Nazi Party (National Socialist German Workers ' Party; NSDAP). By 1920, the relationship with	with	ADP	Anka	PROPN	 Anka
Disraeli's expansionist foreign policy, which Victoria endorsed, led to conflicts such as the Anglo Zulu War and the Second Anglo Afghan War. " If we are to maintain our position as a first rate Power ", she wrote, " we must... be Prepared	Prepared	VERB	for	ADP	 for
Radford was subsequently visited by Artemus L. Gates, Assistant Secretary of the Navy for Air. The latter was so impressed that he ordered Rear Admiral John H. Towers, chief of the Bureau of Aeronautics, to transfer Radford to a newly formed training division. Radford took	took	VERB	command	NOUN	 command
The design is also known as the Chainette (little necklace). TransÉnergie uses two level pylons for angle towers or structures on 735 kV power lines to change the direction of the line or switch the position of the conductor bundles. Delta pylons and three leg guyed	guyed	VERB	towers	NOUN	 towers
In Culture and Resistance: Conversations with Edward Saïd, Said likened his political situation to the situation that Noam Chomsky has endured as a public intellectual: It's very similar to his. He's a well known, great linguist. He's been celebrated and honored	honored	VERB	for	ADP	 for
John Cherry, another former Keeper of the medieval collections at the British Museum, still presents the older dating in a work of 2010, and the British Museum website dates the cup to " about 1370 – 1380 ". Another traditional assumption, based on the language	language	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
The squadron was followed by the Fairey Barracuda torpedo bombers of 828 and 841 Squadrons that made up No. 2 Naval Torpedo Bomber Reconnaissance Wing later that month. Her first mission was to locate the German battleship Tirpitz which had left its anchorage in Kaafjord in early October	October	PROPN	.	PUNCT	.
The following season the Flyers ' record fell to 45 – 20 – 15 finishing second to the Islanders in both the division and the Conference. Shero again led the Flyers to the semi finals, where they lost to the Bruins once more. At the end of	of	ADP	the	DET	 the
When this was completed in 1975, a paving contract was awarded from Carlingview Avenue to Highway 401. Highway 409 first opened to traffic by 1976, with temporary ramps at Carlingview Avenue acting as the western terminus. That year the final contracts were awarded to construct portions	portions	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
Most species are also bioluminescent, but the light is usually blue or green and can only be seen in darkness. However some significant groups, including all known platyctenids and the cydippid genus Pleurobrachia, are incapable of bioluminescence. When some species, including Bathyctena chuni,	,	PUNCT	Euplokamis	PROPN	 Euplokamis
Between 1904 and 1905, Hull City played their home games at The Boulevard. This ground was used by Hull on a contract which allowed them to use it when not used for Rugby League, at a cost of £100 per annum. Hull built their own	own	ADJ	ground	NOUN	 ground
Bones show the same pitting that signals decompression sickness in humans. Older skeletons showed the most extensive pitting, whereas calves showed no damage. This damage may indicate that sperm whales are susceptible to decompression sickness, and sudden surfacing could be lethal to them. Like all	all	DET	cetaceans	NOUN	 cetaceans
The origin of Oltenia is given by some of the chronicles differently: according to these chronicles Oltenia was colonized by Romanians from Turnu Severin, who founded two other capitals, at Strehaia and Craiova. After the arrival of Radu Negru and his descălecat, these Romanians swore	swore	VERB	allegiance	NOUN	 allegiance
The most active glam metal music scene was starting to appear in clubs on the Sunset Strip in Los Angeles, including The Trip, the Whisky a Go Go, and the Starwood. These clubs began to avoid booking punk rock bands because of fears of violence and	and	CCONJ	began	VERB	 began
Ancient oceans left behind chalk subsoil deposits when they receded 70 million years ago. Earthquakes that rocked the region over 10 million years ago pushed the marine sediments of belemnite fossils up to the surface to create the belemnite chalk terrain. The belemnite in the soil allows it	it	PRON	to	PART	 to
In this atmosphere, on November 22, 1982, Time magazine published an issue with Andropov on the cover. When Smith viewed the edition, she asked her mother, " If people are so afraid of him, why doesn't someone write a letter asking whether	whether	SCONJ	he	PRON	 he
Some criticisms were the bugs in regards to the physics and crashes — some of which broke quests and even prevented progression. The AI and stiff character animations are another common point of criticism, as is the ending. Edge stated that " the game is cumbersome in	in	ADP	design	NOUN	 design
" Miller reportedly snapped " So would I — if I had fibrositis "; Bradman had been discharged from the armed services during World War II on health grounds, whereas most of the team had been sent into battle. Miller had crash landed while serving as a	a	DET	fighter	NOUN	 fighter
It was partially obscured by clouds and heavy squalls so the attacking aircraft only had moderate success, setting some structures on fire and destroying several aircraft on the ground. On 16 January 1945 the BPF sailed for its primary base in the Pacific Ocean, Sydney, Australia	Australia	PROPN	.	PUNCT	.
" In 1999, "... Baby One More Time " earned Spears her first three MTV Video Music Award nominations, in the categories of Best Pop Video, Best Choreography, and Best Female Video. In a list compiled by VH1 in 2001, it was listed	listed	VERB	at	ADP	 at
Samus must travel to three temples to ensure the destruction of the Ing, while battling Space Pirates and her mysterious doppelgänger called Dark Samus. Retro decided to make the game different from its predecessor by adding more focus on storyline and including new gameplay elements. Nintendo launched	launched	VERB	a	DET	 a
While Massive Dynamic offers its computing resources to identify possible buildings of similar mass, Walter implores Olivia (Anna Torv) to recall her childhood Cortexiphan induced ability to see objects from the alternate universe, believing she will be able to foresee which building will be affected and	and	CCONJ	warn	VERB	 warn
The local fire brigade managed to stop the fire reaching the wooden stairs to the top of the tower. Prebendary F. E. Murphy, the rector of Walcot, established an appeal for funds of £300 for the restoration. By 1954 the stairs up the tower had	had	AUX	become	VERB	 become
There are many German versions of Gilbert and Sullivan operas, including the popular Der Mikado. There is even a German version of The Grand Duke. Some German translations were made by Friedrich Zell and Richard Genée, librettists of Die Fledermaus and other Viennese operettas, who	who	PRON	even	ADV	 even
" The reviewer added " It is a strange unpredictable world Mr. Jones conjures up and Mr. Saville, with the aid of an excellent cast (Miss Maureen Pryor and Miss Ursula Howells were particularly good) and some haunting songs by Mr. Bob Dylan, brought it powerfully	powerfully	ADV	to	ADP	 to
Berkeley: Transform Press. ISBN 978 0 9630096 3 0.. with Perry, Wendy (2002). The Simple Plant Isoquinolines. Berkeley: Transform Press. ISBN 0 9630096 2 1.. with Shulgin, Ann (1997). " A New Vocabulary ".	.	PUNCT	In	ADP	 In
Yancey Strickler of Flak Magazine wrote that in " Work It Out ", Knowles sounds like Pam Grier " taking five from the revolution to let her afro down. Loose and funky (apologies for the overused terminology there, but ' Work It Out ' practically defines	defines	VERB	it	PRON	 it
On June 27, 1950, after the outbreak of fighting in Korea, Truman ordered the U.S. Navy's Seventh Fleet into the Taiwan Strait to prevent further conflict between the communist government on the China mainland and the Republic of China (ROC) on Taiwan. In	In	ADP	August	PROPN	 August
The gills are white to cream colored, and fairly crowded together; they are mostly free from attachment to the stipe. Gills are interconnected at their bases by veins. The stipe is cylindrical, white, and of variable height, up to 8 cm (3	3	NUM	in	ADP	 in
Speaking of the album's sound, McKinnon said that the band " wanted to make sure it was heavier and poppier " while at the same time trying " to take it to the next level ". In the early hours of one morning, McKinnon was driving	driving	VERB	to	ADP	 to
The changes meant that WIN expanded into the rest of southern New South Wales, launching new stations in Canberra, Orange, Bathurst, Dubbo and Wagga Wagga, amongst others in 1989, and at the same time acquiring new facilities in Orange, Wagga and Canberra.	.	PUNCT	It	PRON	 It
Enlightenment philosophy had developed Western Europeans ’ interest in Greece, or rather in an idealised Ancient Greece, the linchpin of Antiquity, as it was perceived and taught. The Enlightenment philosophers, for whom the notions of Nature and Reason were so important, believed that these	these	PRON	had	AUX	 had
At around 12: 30, Mainz encountered the British cruiser Arethusa and several destroyers. The ships engaged each other for the next forty five minutes. Fifteen minutes into the engagement, three British cruisers appeared; Mainz broke off the engagement and attempted to escape from the	the	DET	superior	ADJ	 superior
In the first, the former Scientologists describe how they joined Scientology; the second act recounts the history of Scientology and its founder L. Ron Hubbard; and in the final act, the film airs allegations of the abuse of church members and misconduct by its leadership,	,	PUNCT	particularly	ADV	 particularly
I wasn't a lot of big plays, it was four yards, five yards. Running the clock was kinda just what the doctor ordered at that point in the game. I've never seen a drive like that... In fact it wasn't even as	as	SCONJ	if	SCONJ	 if
Enemies & Allies was published in May 2009 and met with mixed reviews which noted flat characterization but that it may be entertaining for comic book fans. The novel Enemies & Allies uses the DC Comics characters Batman and Superman. It was written by science fiction author Kevin	Kevin	PROPN	J.	PROPN	 J.
; as well a pair on 17 August on the infamous Schweinfurt raid. He was awarded the Ehrenpokal (Goblet of Honour) on 23 August, and the German Cross in Gold on 25 November. Specht became increasingly critical of the relatively weak armament of the Bf	Bf	PROPN	109	NUM	 109
The whip like tail generally measures up to one and half times the length of the disc, and bears one (more if replacements have grown in) long, slender, serrated spine on the upper surface, closer to the base than the tip. Behind the	the	DET	spine	NOUN	 spine
It also landed at number 197 on the nation's Billboard 200 and at number eight on the magazine's Compilation Albums chart. In the United Kingdom, the album landed on the Official Charts Company's UK Dance Albums Charts at number twenty and number twenty two on	on	ADP	the	DET	 the
In 1950, Clements resigned to assume a seat in the U.S. Senate, elevating Wetherby to governor. Wetherby won immediate acclaim by calling a special legislative session to increase funding for education and government benefits from the state's budget surplus. In 1951, he won a	a	DET	four	NUM	 four
He was captivated by a radio broadcast of Governor Adlai Stevenson's speech accepting the presidential nomination at the 1952 Democratic National Convention. He immediately dedicated himself to Stevenson's campaign, publishing seven articles in the Mitchell Daily Republic newspaper outlining the historical issues that separated the Democratic	Democratic	PROPN	Party	PROPN	 Party
NATO is a military alliance of twenty six European and two North American countries that constitutes a system of collective defence. The process of joining the alliance is governed by Article 10 of the North Atlantic Treaty, which allows only for the invitation of " other European States	States	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
It was also repainted with a special Iron Maiden livery, which the airline decided to retain after receiving positive feedback from customers. The aircraft, named " Ed Force One " after a competition on the band's website, was flown by Dickinson, as he was	was	AUX	also	ADV	 also
In the film, it is abbreviated to an " idea ", in Goldenberg's words. " It's an iconic moment when you realise your parents are normal, flawed human beings.... Things get trimmed out, but I kept the meat of that in there	there	ADV	–	PUNCT	 –
The Maple Leaf Flag on the casket was partially obscured by the Red Ensign. After the service, his body was taken by train on a slow journey to its final destination, Saskatoon; along the route, many Canadians lined the tracks to watch the funeral train	train	NOUN	pass	NOUN	 pass
During Peter and Lois ' " fat sex ", Peter repeatedly states " almost, almost "; originally, there was going to be approximately twice as many of these, but they were never included in the episode. The DVD version of the episode shows Peter	Peter	PROPN	arriving	VERB	 arriving
On January 19 against # 19 Oklahoma, Alexander posted 13 points and 13 rebounds. The 13 rebounds in just 23 minutes played marked a career high for Alexander and an individual season high for the Jayhawks. Alexander was named Big 12 newcomer of the week on January	January	PROPN	26	NUM	 26
" Rafer Guzman of Newsday gave the film three out of four stars, saying " So many computer animated movies are brash, loud and popping with pop culture comedy, but Ratatouille has the warm glow of a favorite book. The characters are more than the sum	sum	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
This event has been interpreted variously as a show of commitment, a mark of cowardice, the result of political pressure, or as his free decision. On the one hand, the apparat was undoubtedly less repressive than it had been before Stalin's death. On	On	ADP	the	DET	 the
This contributed to England's failure to qualify for the 1984 European Championships, and Robson offered his resignation. It was rejected by the FA chairman, Bert Millichip, and Robson went on to lead the England team to qualify for the 1986 World Cup in Mexico.	.	PUNCT	England	PROPN	 England
Its conservative counterpart and nemesis was the Anti Jacobin Review, established specifically to counteract the effects of the Analytical and other radical media outlets. The Analytical was suspended at the end of 1798 following the deaths of Christie and Wollstonecraft in 1796 and 1797 respectively, and the	the	DET	retirement	NOUN	 retirement
Mary rejected him as well. Ferdinand offered Mary the post of regent again in 1528, but she declined, saying that " such affairs need a person wiser and older ". Ferdinand persisted in drawing Mary into his affairs throughout 1529. Archduchess Margaret died on 1	1	NUM	December	PROPN	 December
According to Italian reports, Đujić had around 300 Chetniks under his command that month, centered mainly around Knin. By mid month, his Chetniks were launching raids against communist held villages between Bosansko Grahovo and Drvar in conjunction with the Italians, who considered him a filibuster	filibuster	NOUN	(	PUNCT	 (
Mars Crossing (2000) Impact Parameter (and Other Quantum Realities) (16 shorts) A Walk in the Sun Impact Parameter Elemental Ecopoiesis Across the Darkness Ouroboros Into the Blue Abyss Snow Rorvik's War Approaching Perimelasma What We Do Here at NASA Dark Lady Outsider's	's	PART	Chance	PROPN	 Chance
Morris responded by scoring 83 and 110 in the traditional pre Christmas match between New South Wales and Victoria at the Melbourne Cricket Ground, the top score in both innings. However, he was unable to prevent an innings defeat. He was retained for the Third Test	Test	PROPN	in	ADP	 in
A site on the city's Northside was approved on August 10, 1958, due to land availability and parking space, the latter of which had been a problem at Forbes Field. The same site had hosted Exposition Park, which the Pirates had left in 1909	1909	NUM	.	PUNCT	.
He also wished to become independent after playing games like Year Walk (2013) and 80 Days (2014). Barlow avoided development until he had an idea that was possible to execute. " I could probably quite easily have gone and made an exploration horror game	game	NOUN	...	PUNCT	...
Póvoa de Varzim developed a cosmopolitan style and became a service sector city. It is one of northern Portugal's main urban centres. Póvoa is the focal point of a larger area, which includes Vila do Conde and Esposende. Occupying an area of 82.1 km2 (	(	PUNCT	31.7	NUM	31.7
Rjukan station handled 100 wagons, with 800 tonnes potassium nitrate and 400 tonnes ammonia; by 1962 723,482 tonnes were transported on Rjukanbanen, 14% of the transported amount of NSB (excluding the ore trains on Ofotbanen). In total 30 million tonnes on 1,5 million	million	NUM	carloads	NOUN	 carloads
During production, the episode used the working title " The Second Coming ". The character Peter Watts makes mention of the origin of the name of Chernobyl, a city in Ukraine that was the location of the Chernobyl disaster, a 1986 nuclear meltdown. According to	to	ADP	Watts	PROPN	 Watts
Numerically superior and better equipped, the Korean People's Army (KPA) crossed the 38th Parallel and rapidly advanced south, easily overcoming the South Koreans. In response, the United Nations (UN) decided to intervene on behalf of South Korea, inviting member states	states	NOUN	to	PART	 to
The four relieve Volt and Guthrie from duty and are allowed into the building. Dredd encounters Chan and is suspicious that he does not ask about Anderson's status. Seeing his cover blown, Chan attacks Dredd, but is killed. Meanwhile, Kay tries to execute	execute	VERB	Anderson	PROPN	 Anderson
Thus, the seignorage, or difference between the face value of the coin and the worth of the metal contained within it accrued to the government's credit, not private citizens. President Hayes vetoed the bill, but Congress overrode the veto, and the Bland –	–	PUNCT	Allison	PROPN	 Allison
The songs " Captor of Sin " and " Chemical Warfare " are regularly featured on the band's live set list. " Chemical Warfare " appears in Guitar Hero: Warriors of Rock. Slayer's previous album Show No Mercy had sold over 40,000 copies worldwide and	and	CCONJ	the	DET	 the
During La Niña years, the formation of tropical cyclones, along with the subtropical ridge position, shifts westward across the western Pacific ocean, which increases the landfall threat to China and greater intensity to Philippines. Those that form near the Marshall Islands find their way to	to	ADP	Jeju	PROPN	 Jeju
It's very different from television of the past. " " Scorsese is an actor magnet, " commented Winter. " Everybody wants to work with him. I had all these pictures on my wall and I thought, ' I'd really better write some good	good	ADJ	stuff	NOUN	 stuff
On 18 November, Dresden and Leipzig met Spee while en route and the squadron reached St. Quentin Bay three days later. There, they took on more coal, since the voyage around Cape Horn would be a long one and it was unclear when they would have	have	VERB	another	DET	 another
The NTSB report stated that if examined disks were not from the same source, “ the records on a large number of GEAE disks are suspect. It also means that any AD action that is based on the serial number of a disk could fail to have its	its	PRON	intended	VERB	 intended
However, the rate of expansion of the network during this period had slowed considerably and only one station was opened during the 1970s. Four different long term expansion proposals were put forward between 1964 and 1991 which all proposed adding numerous lines to the network as well as	as	ADP	extending	VERB	 extending
Little investment was forthcoming under James I or Charles I and by 1630 the garrison's pay was in arrears, with the fort was in need of repairs estimated at £1,248. In 1631 the blockhouse was equipped with two brass demi culverins and sakers, and an	an	DET	iron	NOUN	 iron
Dong Zhuo later poisoned Emperor Shao. Dong was killed by his adopted son Lü Bu (d. 198 AD) in a plot hatched by Wang Yun (d. 192 AD). Emperor Xian fled from Chang ' an in 195 AD to the ruins of Luoyang.	.	PUNCT	Xian	PROPN	 Xian
Many of the jokes in the episode were inspired by the actual vote regarding Proposition 8 and similar legislative debates over same sex marriage throughout the United States, with several critics noting that the episode was favorable toward same sex marriage. Openly gay actor George Takei guest stars	stars	NOUN	in	ADP	 in
" The material on Folio 2 recto is from a later date. The upper half of the page contains an engraved portrait of Gamble, printed by W. Richardson in 1795, pasted in. The lower portion contains a brief biographical inscription concerning Gamble in the hand of	of	ADP	the	DET	 the
Like many console role playing games of the era, Final Fantasy III is noted for its difficulty. Square developed and released Final Fantasy III during the same period that Nintendo released its 16 bit Super Famicom console, intended as the successor to the original 8 bit Famicom	Famicom	PROPN	.	PUNCT	.
Murphy unsuccessfully tried to buy the rights to the film in 1955 in an attempt to re edit and re release it. Huston tried to buy it in 1957, but was told the original negative of what he had filmed was destroyed. Although Murphy was initially reluctant	reluctant	ADJ	to	PART	 to
He served another term in the Virginia House of Delegates in 1788. In 1788, White participated in the Virginia Ratifying Convention, in which Virginia ratified the United States Constitution. White is believed to have used the pseudonym " An Independent Freeholder " to author a series	series	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
Groening felt that the episode was a thirty minute advertisement for Brooks ' show The Critic (which had moved to Fox from ABC for its second season), and was created by former The Simpsons showrunners Al Jean and Mike Reiss, and whose lead character Jay Sherman	Sherman	PROPN	appears	VERB	 appears
The use of modern media in spreading untruths, by individuals, businesses or governments, is condemned. The ninth and tenth commandments deal with coveting, which is an interior disposition not a physical act. The Catechism distinguishes between covetousness of the flesh (improper sexual desire	desire	NOUN	)	PUNCT	)
" Easy Mode " was released in 2006 and allows the player to auto evade incoming attacks and reduce damage taken, while " Hard Mode ", released in 2007 and meant for advanced users, increases the damage dealt by enemy attacks. Before Crisis is set six	six	NUM	years	NOUN	 years
The film's high notable openings were in Russia and the CIS ($8.1 million), Germany ($3.8 million), Australia ($3.2 million), Italy ($2.6 million) and Spain ($2.3 million). The film's largest	largest	ADJ	markets	NOUN	 markets
Themes explored include the ubiquity of locative technology, the eversion of cyberspace and the political climate of the United States in the aftermath of the September 11, 2001 attacks. Spook Country quickly reached mainstream North American bestseller lists and was nominated for British Science Fiction Association and	and	CCONJ	Locus	PROPN	 Locus
The presidential elections are regulated by an act of the parliament. The constitution requires that the president elect resign from political party membership. The president elect is also required to resign from the parliament as well. Before assuming presidential duty, the president elect is required to	to	PART	take	VERB	 take
During the nineteenth century, the port of Hobart Town was a vital re supply stop for international shipping and trade, and therefore a major freight hub for the British Empire. As such, it was considered vital that the colony be protected. In all, between	between	ADP	1804	NUM	 1804
In 1906, at the Norwich music festival he presented Beethoven's Choral Symphony and Bach's St Matthew Passion, with his wife among the singers. In December 1909, after a short illness, Olga Wood died. Cathcart took Wood away to take his mind off	off	ADP	his	PRON	 his
In 1961, Gingrich graduated from Baker High School in Columbus, Georgia. He had been interested in politics since his teen years while living in Orléans, France. He visited the site of the Battle of Verdun and learned about the sacrifices made there and the importance	importance	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
However, barring plant destruction, T. grandiflorum can continue flowering every year after it has begun. This plant has gained the Royal Horticultural Society's Award of Garden Merit. As a particularly conspicuous forest flower, T. grandiflorum was designated the provincial emblem of Ontario in 1937	1937	NUM	(	PUNCT	 (
This usually occurs in the presence of a tumor of the pituitary, although in 80% of cases this has not been diagnosed previously. The most common initial symptom is a sudden headache, often associated with a rapidly worsening visual field defect or double vision caused by	by	ADP	compression	NOUN	 compression
Both the state and the NAACP appealed. In Harrison v. NAACP, the U.S. Supreme Court ruled 6 to 3 that the district court should have withheld judgment until state courts had considered the issue first. The NAACP then brought suit challenging all five laws in state court	court	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
This was his highest score of the season, in which he made 561 first class runs at 31.16. The MCC team to Australia was led by Arthur Gilligan. In the opening matches, Chapman was cheered by the crowds who remembered his achievements on the last tour	tour	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
Jan Zamoyski was born on 19 March 1542 to Stanisław Zamoyski and Anna Herburt in Skokówka. He started his education in a school in Krasnystaw but when he was thirteen years old he was sent to study abroad; from 1555 to 1559 he was a paige at the	the	DET	royal	ADJ	 royal
Like Huntley, authors Chip Madinger and Mark Easter recognise the song as the most obvious example of Spector's influence on the album. In their book Eight Arms to Hold You, Madinger and Easter also credit the producer with " creating havoc " during the making of	of	ADP	All	DET	 All
Trijata learns of the death of Indrajit by Lakshmana and passes the news to Sita. The Ramcharitmanas of Tulsidas also depicts Trijata breaking the news of Indrajit's death to Sita, upon her inquiry. In another episode in the text, the two discuss the impending duel	duel	NOUN	between	ADP	 between
Although Mani (216 – 276 AD), the founding prophet of Manichaeism, did not proclaim his first religious revelation until 228 / 229 AD, Bivar asserts that his new faith contained " elements of Mandaean belief, Iranian cosmogony, and even echoes of Christianity...	...	PUNCT	[	X	 [
The two kingdoms within Kent were east and west Kent. Western Kent has fewer archaeological finds from the earliest periods than east Kent, and the eastern finds are somewhat distinct in character, showing Jutish and Frankish influence. The archaeological evidence, combined with the known political	political	ADJ	division	NOUN	 division
It included a ropewalk, which made ropes for many industries in the locality, as well as for rigging of the boats, and supplied sails, masts and chandlery to much of the Humber region. Gradually, carvel built barges with their smoother hulls replaced clinker built	built	VERB	ones	NOUN	 ones
The Australian magpie was first described by English ornithologist John Latham in 1801 as Coracias tibicen, the type collected in the Port Jackson region. Its specific epithet derived from the Latin tibicen " flute player " or " piper " in reference to the bird's melodious call	call	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
NY 33 and the Genesee Street name take over Walden's straight, slightly north trending course as it leaves Erie County for Genesee County. In the latter, it intersects with NY 77 in the center of the first community it encounters, the small village of Corfu	Corfu	PROPN	.	PUNCT	.
After heading east for two blocks, during which US 40 Alternate intersects one way northbound Locust Street, the municipally maintained alternate route turns southeast onto Frederick Street at a five way junction that also includes north – south Mulberry Street. US 40 Alternate intersects Memorial Boulevard,	,	PUNCT	which	PRON	 which
They measure 45.75 inches (116.2 cm) × 35.5 inches (90 cm) except Freedom of Worship which measures 46.0 inches (116.8 cm) × 35.5 inches (90 cm). For all of his paintings, Rockwell used live models. In 1935, Rockwell	Rockwell	PROPN	began	VERB	 began
He was an employee in the Palace of São Cristóvão whom Pedro I deeply trusted and asked to look after his son — a charge that he carried out for the rest of his life. Bonifácio was dismissed from his position in December 1833 and replaced by another guardian	guardian	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
During the landing, the 2 / 33rd formed part of the floating reserve, but after the early stages of the assault it came ashore on the second day along with the 25th Brigade's two other infantry battalions, and they assumed control of the central part of	of	ADP	the	DET	 the
Alcuin, who was taught at the school set up in York by Bede's pupil Egbert, praised Bede as an example for monks to follow and was instrumental in disseminating Bede's works to all of Alcuin's friends. Bede's cult became prominent in England during	during	ADP	the	DET	 the
" I suppose my politics remained essentially in the middle of the road Labour left until the end of the 1970s ". Starkey blames the Callaghan administration for " blow [ing] the nation's finances ". During the 1980s he was an active Conservative Party member	member	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
Amira later invites Anthony for a meal at her family's home, but it is awkward. When Derek Branning (Jamie Foreman) demands £4000 for some goods he asked Anthony and Tyler to sell, Anthony says he only has £3000 as he needed to	to	PART	pay	VERB	 pay
He met a New Age spiritual advisor there, and on her advice, he followed her to Taos, New Mexico. There, he lived in a hostel and worked at a ski resort. Three months later, he moved to California to find more spiritual gurus	gurus	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
Some hip hop purists feel the interpretive and softer approach means lyrical hip hop is not hip hop at all. From a purist perspective, dancing to the lyrics would make the choreography linear and too technical. This is because dancing to the words would take precedence over	over	ADP	dancing	NOUN	 dancing
In 1910, Alexandra became the first queen consort to visit the British House of Commons during a debate. In a remarkable departure from precedent, for two hours she sat in the Ladies ' Gallery overlooking the chamber while the Parliament Bill, a bill to remove the	the	DET	right	NOUN	 right
The official developer kit was codenamed Durango, and appeared to be available to developers by mid 2012. Leaked documents suggested that the new console would include an improved Kinect sensor, cloud access to games and media, integration with phone and tablet devices, and technology to	to	PART	provide	VERB	 provide
Preliminary work on L.A. Noire began after the founding of developer Team Bondi in 2003. Though Team Bondi oversaw development, work was shared between the core team and multiple other studios owned by publisher Rockstar Games. Unlike other games published by Rockstar, L.A. Noire uses a	a	DET	custom	NOUN	 custom
Kahn was awarded the commission for the library in November 1965. Kahn had already thought deeply about the proper design for a library, having earlier submitted proposals for a new library at Washington University. He also expressed a deep reverence for books, saying, " A	A	DET	book	NOUN	 book
Many weapons available in previous installments of the series return with minor cosmetic and power alterations. Unlike previous installments, the player's secondary weapon is visible on their player model, holstered or slung across the player's back. Halo 3 introduces " support weapons ",	,	PUNCT	which	PRON	 which
Claudio Bravo has the record of best unbeaten start in a season in La Liga history (754 minutes). Barcelona's longest serving manager is Jack Greenwell, with nine years in two spells (1917 – 1924) and (1931 – 1933), and Pep	Pep	PROPN	Guardiola	PROPN	 Guardiola
Its Japanese name is Yamiiro kunugitake (ヤミイロクヌギタケ). According to Takahashi, the inamyloid spores, the diverticulate cap cuticle hyphae, and the dark pigment in the gill hyphae suggest that the fungus is best classified in the section Hiemales of the genus Mycena. Because of	of	ADP	its	PRON	 its
He also testified that he had rejected several scripts because he thought they were " tinged with communist ideas ". Unlike some other witnesses, Cooper did not name any individuals during his testimony. Cooper was baptized in the Anglican Church in December 1911 in England, and	and	CCONJ	was	AUX	 was
On 14 August, one of Rowley's ships, the 18 gun sloop HMS Otter, attacked a French brig at Rivière Noire District on Île de France. Although the attack was ultimately unsuccessful, Otter's captain Nesbit Willoughby and his landing party were able to break	break	VERB	into	ADP	 into
" One film Babb presented in the 1950s was centered on an annual passion play and the story behind putting it on, filmed in 1948 in Lawton, Oklahoma. Initially called The Lawton Story and filmed in Cinecolor, the film was so cheaply, shoddily and quickly	quickly	ADV	made	VERB	 made
While all locations for the first film had been within 10 minutes of the hotel, locations in the second were separated by a three hour flight and nine hour car journey. During filming in the Outback, the Australian crew provided two doctors and 40 litres of IV	IV	PROPN	fluid	NOUN	 fluid
Yamashiro had a stowage capacity of 4,000 long tons (4,100 t) of coal and 1,000 long tons (1,000 t) of fuel oil, giving her a range of 8,000 nautical miles (15,000 km; 9,200 mi) at a speed of 14 knots (26	26	NUM	km	NOUN	 km
This is an example of " generalization " from prototypes: Erbaugh has proposed that when children learn count classifiers, they go through stages, first learning a classifier noun pair only (such as 条鱼 tiáo yú, CL fish), then using that classifier with multiple	multiple	ADJ	nouns	NOUN	 nouns
In 2003 – 04 it began to move into the mainstream with Ladytron, the Postal Service, Cut Copy, the Bravery and The Killers all producing records that incorporated vintage synthesizer sounds and styles that contrasted with the dominant genres of post grunge and nu metal. In	In	ADP	particular	ADJ	 particular
It ranked as the third most successful film of 1991 in North America, surpassed only by the summer blockbusters Terminator 2: Judgment Day and Robin Hood: Prince of Thieves. At the time Beauty and the Beast was the most successful animated Disney film release, and	and	CCONJ	the	DET	 the
A week later, she was escorting the battleship Valiant which was covering Convoy NP1, the first troop convoy to Norway, as the Allies began to execute Plan R 4 after the German invasion on 9 April. The convoy entered the Andfjorden on the morning of 15	15	NUM	April	PROPN	 April
From 1938, some of the locomotives were painted in a semi matt Malachite Green finish when Bulleid replaced Maunsell as CME of the Southern. During the war years, the locomotives were painted in wartime black livery, though retained the word " Southern " in yellow on	on	ADP	the	DET	 the
The second generation Palladian architect Henry Flitcroft has been suggested; by 1746 he was the master carpenter at three London palaces, and his St Giles in the Fields at Holborn was London's first Palladian style church. James Gibbs has also been suggested, as the spire	spire	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
The episode also stars Pamela Hayden and Tress MacNeille, and Phil Hartman as lawyer Lionel Hutz. Roger Meyers, Sr. being cryogenically frozen is a reference to the myth that Walt Disney was frozen. When Roger Meyers Jr. pleads his case in court, he mentions	mentions	VERB	that	SCONJ	 that
Thirty seven countries - an unprecedented 39% of the participating nations - won at least one medal in these Games. The idea to hold an inter continental sporting event between Asia and Africa was initiated in April 1983, with New Delhi as the proposed venue. However	However	ADV	,	PUNCT	,
The foreign language offerings are French, German, Spanish, Mandarin, and Latin. Students may also enroll concurrently at local universities and the New Orleans Center for Creative Arts (NOCCA). The school is within walking distance of the UNO library, and students can	can	AUX	obtain	VERB	 obtain
The Astrophysical Journal 708 (2): 1162 – 1167. arXiv: 0906.2193. Bibcode: 2010ApJ... 708.1162K. doi: 10.1088 / 0004 637X / 708 / 2 / 1162. Kite, Edwin S.; Manga, Michael; Gaidos, Eric (2008). "	"	PUNCT	Geodynamics	NOUN	 Geodynamics
Even though the name of the language which was developed by these Tamil Sangams is mentioned as Tamil, the exact period when the name " Tamil " came to be applied to the language is unclear, as is the precise etymology of the name. The earliest attested	attested	VERB	use	NOUN	 use
The re purposed zoo opened on October 5, 1993 under the rubric " Prospect Park Wildlife Conservation Center ". The Zoological Society hoped that the new name would suggest that the ' Wildlife Conservation Center ' was far more than a mere ' zoo '; it was	was	AUX	indeed	ADV	 indeed
Following its incorporation, the library was relocated from Literary Hall to two rear adjoining rooms on the second story of the Hampshire County Courthouse. The association continued to house its library collection in the courthouse until 1967, when the new Hampshire County Public Library building at 153	153	NUM	West	PROPN	 West
Bauhaus was one of the formative gothic rock bands. Others, like Gang of Four, the Raincoats and Throbbing Gristle, who had little more than cult followings at the time, are seen in retrospect as significant influences on modern popular culture. A number of U.S.	U.S.	PROPN	artists	NOUN	 artists
By 1900, only a short stretch of the Detroit – Howell Plank Road was still made of planks; most of the other plank roads had been converted to gravel by this time. On May 13, 1913, the Michigan Legislature passed the State Reward Trunk Line	Line	PROPN	Highway	PROPN	 Highway
Later that day, Dvorak classification began on the disturbance, and the convection continued to organize. Early on November 13, the National Hurricane Center indicated the possibility of the system developing into a tropical depression. Thunderstorm activity briefly decreased, though late on November 13 the	the	DET	system	NOUN	 system
In hindsight this was only a legalistic charade which had little chance of holding up in a court of law. In combination with secrecy as to the exact location of the wreck, it saved the project from interference. It was not until the passing of the Protection	Protection	PROPN	of	ADP	 of
" We sent him the script beforehand and he noted the script up pretty good. But it was all to make it more self deprecating. " Reed, a fan of Reynolds, said that working with him was a great experience. " It was such a	a	DET	surreal	ADJ	 surreal
The Chaco Low attracts air masses from the South Pacific High, creating a dry and cold wind, particularly during winter. At the highest altitudes, westerly winds from the Pacific Ocean can penetrate during the winter months, leading to snowstorms. Precipitation is highly seasonal and	and	CCONJ	mostly	ADV	 mostly
Anne Brontë's " Flossy, " given to her by the Robinson children when she left her governorship of them, was a King Charles Spaniel. In 1903, the Kennel Club attempted to amalgamate the King James (black and tan), Prince Charles (tricolour	tricolour	PROPN	)	PUNCT	)
By the mid 1960s, their marriage was in trouble due to Ted's womanizing and Joan's growing alcoholism. Kennedy was admitted to the Massachusetts Bar in 1959. In 1960, John ran for President of the United States and Ted managed his campaign in the Western	Western	ADJ	states	NOUN	 states
The guns had a maximum elevation of only 12°. They fired 432 kilogram (952 lb) armour piercing projectiles at a muzzle velocity of 783 m / s (2,570 ft / s) at a rate of 1.5 – 2 rounds per minute. At maximum	maximum	ADJ	elevation	NOUN	 elevation
On 20 August 1942 he was posted to the Air Fighting Development Unit at RAF Duxford for a short time. MacLachlan flew as often as he could regardless of the activity. He flew as a co pilot in a Short Stirling heavy bomber and practiced fighter evasion techniques	techniques	NOUN	and	CCONJ	 and
Satellite imagery showed a banding type eye. However, by December 27, Lee began to feel the effects of an extratropical cyclone located to the north of the storm; consequently, Lee began to make a gradual turn towards the northwest. Lee began to encounter increased	increased	VERB	vertical	ADJ	 vertical
On Stewart's recommendation, Severn School, a private prep school in Maryland, hired him in 1930. Brown spent two successful years at Severn. The team was undefeated in his first season and won the Maryland state championship. In 1931, the team's win	win	NOUN	loss	NOUN	 loss
Best known for his distinctive supporting and character roles Hoffman was a regular presence in films from the early 1990s until his death at age 46. Drawn to theater as a teenager, Hoffman studied acting at New York University's Tisch School of the Arts. He began	began	VERB	his	PRON	 his
Apart from the manga and anime, Mukuro has also appeared in other media from the Reborn! franchise including video games and novels. Mukuro's character has been well received by readers since his introduction, ranking as one of the most popular characters in every official Shonen	Shonen	PROPN	Jump	PROPN	 Jump
Marchant devised a signal system, such as a head bump on Browne's hip, or even a verbal shout when the opposition made a move. Ten nations were entered in the tandem competition, and in the first round, they were drawn with Germany and South	South	PROPN	Africa	PROPN	 Africa
The tight schedule proved a challenge to the six companies responsible for the extensive visual effects, which included computer generated sets and digital doubles for the actors. Locations included Oxford, the Mojave desert and Georgia, with soundstage work done in both Pinewood Studios and the 20th	20th	ADJ	Century	PROPN	 Century
Immediately he set out to meet them, engaged their army and comprehensively defeated it, before going on to capture the enemy camp. It was to be his last victory. Despite his successes, Mundhir was accused by Maurice of treason during the preceding campaign. Maurice	Maurice	PROPN	claimed	VERB	 claimed
The system had a broad circulation, and initially moved slowly to the east southeast. It developed due to an increase in the Madden – Julian oscillation (MJO), which moved eastward across the Indian Ocean. The same system spawned a disturbance in the northern Indian	Indian	PROPN	Ocean	PROPN	 Ocean
On lap three, the first caution was given when Robby Gordon made contact with Petty, forcing him to spin sideways. Kenny Wallace also made contact with Ricky Rudd, but escaped with minor damage. None of the drivers made pit stops during the caution. Jeff	Jeff	PROPN	Gordon	PROPN	 Gordon
The Kačić's family can be traced to the Pacta conventa, an agreement dating from 1102 (or later), according to which the Kačićs were one of the twelve Croatian noble tribes (genus) who accepted the Hungarian king Coloman as the new king of Croatia	Croatia	PROPN	.	PUNCT	.
In 1505 Jean II was killed by his brother Lucien. Jean II was succeeded by his brother Lucien I. Peace did not reign in Monaco for long; in December 1506 14,000 Genoese troops besieged Monaco and its castle, and for five months 1,500 Monégasques and mercenaries defended	defended	VERB	the	DET	 the
On other occasions, he said his interest in homosexual and bisexual culture had been more a product of the times and the situation in which he found himself than of his own feelings. Blender asked Bowie in 2002 whether he still believed his public declaration was his biggest	biggest	ADJ	mistake	NOUN	 mistake
Globally, acne affects approximately 650 million people, or about 9.4% of the population, as of 2010. It affects nearly 90% of people in Western societies during their teenage years, and may persist into adulthood. Acne after the age of 25 affects 54	54	NUM	%	NOUN	%
The NES version was released by Nintendo in North America in March 1987 and in Europe on October 15, 1987. Slalom was Rare's first video game developed as a new company. It was also the Stamper brothers ' first video game console release. The game	game	NOUN	's	PART	's
After he handed his information to the Slovakian Jewish Council in April 1944, Vrba said Krasniansky had assured him that the report was in the right hands. Vrba and Wetzler spent the next six weeks in Liptovský Mikuláš, and continued to make and distribute copies of their	their	PRON	report	NOUN	 report
Russell, who had a difficult relationship with the media, was not present at either event. After retiring as a player, Russell had stints as head coach of the Seattle SuperSonics (1973 to 1977) and Sacramento Kings (1987 to 1988). His time	time	NOUN	as	ADP	 as
As the group travels to Kuldahar, they meet a drow (dark elf) named Nym, who tells them that the pass to Kuldahar is guarded by the Legion of the Chimera, and that an alternate path through the Underdark exists. Later, Isair and Madae	Madae	PROPN	locate	VERB	 locate
Marble Madness was developed by Atari Games, with Mark Cerny as the lead designer and Bob Flanagan as the software engineer. Both Cerny and Flanagan handled programming the game. It uses the Atari System 1 hardware, an interchangeable system of circuit boards, control panels,	,	PUNCT	and	CCONJ	 and
The single's music video was filmed at the Brooklyn Academy of Music during the fall of 1998. The video begins with Houston entering a small arena as she begins to sing the song's first verse. As she finishes her part, Carey appears on the stage	stage	NOUN	as	ADV	 as
The 1950 version was designed by Ivan Dubasov, a People's Artist of the USSR. Article 119 of the Constitution of the Byelorussian SSR defines the design of the emblem. On May 14, 1995, a referendum was conducted in all regions of Belarus. Out	Out	ADP	of	ADP	 of
" On July 10, 2014, House of Cards earned thirteen Primetime Emmy Award nominations for the 66th Primetime Emmy Awards. Among its nominations were Outstanding Drama Series, Outstanding Lead Actor in a Drama Series for Kevin Spacey, Outstanding Lead Actress in a Drama Series for	for	ADP	Robin	PROPN	 Robin
Shocked by this information, he did not return to North Africa but went into hiding in Italy instead. Only after the Gestapo established his whereabouts and pressured him did he return to his Geschwader. Further research by other biographers has unearthed some truth to this story and	and	CCONJ	his	PRON	 his
Feldman underwent reconstructive elbow surgery for a torn ulnar collateral ligament in October 2003. In his four appearances in 2004 for the Arizona League Rangers in the Arizona League, he pitched seven scoreless innings. He began the 2005 season with the Single A Bakersfield Blaze, but	but	CCONJ	after	ADP	 after
Both 75 millimeter (3.0 in) anti aircraft (AA) guns and two 47 millimeter guns were replaced by four 75 mm AA guns mounted on the forward superstructure. A Vickers fire control director replaced the experimental model and it was equipped with a 3.66 meter (	(	PUNCT	12	NUM	12
On tour in 2000 and 2001, the band learned how to perform the electronic music live, combining synthetic sounds with conventional rock instrumentation. Songwriter Thom Yorke said: " Even with electronics, there is an element of spontaneous performance in using them. It was the	the	DET	tension	NOUN	 tension
The following day, the Government of Mexico discontinued the warning for the Islas Marías and the watch for areas south of El Roblito was also discontinued. Upon the storm's sudden dissipation later that day, the remaining watch areas were discontinued. On June 19, 2.44	2.44	NUM	in	ADP	 in
The building was identified as having attributes valued by the community, including quality architecture, local ownership, and orientation to the street. In its 2005 review of the theater, The Portland Mercury said the " glut of cozy sofas make an outing comfortable ", but	but	CCONJ	criticized	VERB	 criticized
In 1905 Americus was standing at stud in Ireland, but spent the years 1906 and 1907 in Italy. He returned to Ireland in 1908 and 1909, but in 1909 was sold and exported to Germany. It is unknown what happened to him after he went to	to	ADP	Germany	PROPN	 Germany
A search in the genomes of vertebrates revealed a set of analogous genes, which were found to play similar roles in the mouse biological clock — and therefore almost certainly in the human biological clock as well. Studies done on Drosophila, also show that most neuropil regions	regions	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
From July 1918 were part of North Persia Force (Dunsterforce) and ended the war in Baku, Azerbaijan. 8th (Service) Battalion – formed in 1914. Served in France 1915 – 1918; 9th (Service) Battalion (Pioneers) – formed as a	a	DET	service	NOUN	 service
The game was released for the PlayStation 3, Xbox 360, and Nintendo Wii consoles, as well as the Nintendo DS and iOS portable devices. A version was initially developed for the PlayStation Portable, but was cancelled for undisclosed reasons. The Force Unleashed II was	was	AUX	released	VERB	 released
Featuring additional lead vocals by Guatemalan singer Gaby Moreno, the song was written by Arjona, who produced it with longtime collaborators Dan Warner and Lee Levin under their stage name Los Gringos. Additional work on the recording was done by Puerto Rican singer songwriter Tommy Torres.	.	PUNCT	Lyrically	ADV	 Lyrically
" article " is defined within Section 1 as anything containing material that is read or looked at, any sound recordings and any film or other picture record. A publisher, as used in the Act, is also defined in Section 1; " publisher " is	is	AUX	taken	VERB	 taken
The Japanese Army and navy made immediate plans to move the rest of the 38th Division to the island, along with the 51st Infantry Division, to try a further offensive against Henderson Field in November 1942. The Japanese again planned to bombard Henderson Field with battleships in	in	ADP	order	NOUN	 order
This is probably because the individuals concerned allocate resources in response to the parasitism which are then not available for reproduction. Spinochordodes tellinii and Paragordius tricuspidatus are parasitic worms that infect grasshoppers and alter the behaviour of their hosts. The grasshopper is persuaded to leap into a nearby	nearby	ADJ	body	NOUN	 body
The composition is based on " Son of a Gambolier ", composed by Charles Ives in 1895, the lyrics of which are based on an old English and Scottish drinking song of the same name. It first appeared in print in the 1908 Blueprint, Georgia Tech	Tech	PROPN	's	PART	's
The authors of the book I Can't Believe It's a Bigger and Better Updated Unofficial Simpsons Guide, Warren Martyn and Adrian Wood, called it " one of the most disturbing episodes, as Bart and Lisa are dragged into the Flanders ' sinister lifestyle. "	"	PUNCT	They	PRON	 They
) Over the period from 2011 to 2014 the ACLU Foundation, on the average, has accounted for roughly 70% of the combined budget, and the ACLU roughly 30%. The ACLU solicits donations to its charitable foundation. The ACLU is accredited by the Better	Better	PROPN	Business	PROPN	 Business
A seat on the United States District Court for the Northern District of Illinois was vacant; President Theodore Roosevelt offered it to Lowden, who declined it and recommended Landis. Other recommendations from Illinois politicians followed, and Roosevelt nominated Landis for the seat. According to Spink	Spink	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
It was believed that it would be a sin to marry after puberty. Another practice, which is prevalent today, is the dowry system where the bride's family is supposed to give the husband a huge payment for the bride. The purpose of this was to	to	PART	assist	VERB	 assist
Citing concern over the lack of available gunfire to support amphibious operations, Congress demanded that the United States Navy reinstate two battleships to the naval vessel register and maintain them with the mothball fleet, until the Navy could certify it had gunfire support within the current fleet that	that	PRON	would	AUX	 would
One of Admiral Hipper's Arado seaplanes had to make an emergency landing in Eide, Norway on 8 April. After trying to purchase fuel from locals, the aircrew were detained and handed over to the police. The Royal Norwegian Navy Air Service captured the Arado,	,	PUNCT	which	PRON	 which
On 4 March 2016, Iommi discussed future re releases of the Tony Martin era catalogue. He explained: " We've held back on the reissues of those albums because of the current Sabbath thing with Ozzy Osbourne, but they will certainly be happening... I'd	'd	AUX	like	VERB	 like
Collins ran 0.04 seconds faster than Christian, while Mauritius ' Stephen Buckland ran 0.11 seconds slower. Christian did not advance to the final round. James Grayman competed in the Beijing Olympics as Antigua and Barbuda's sole high jumper, where he participated in the second qualifying	qualifying	NOUN	heat	NOUN	 heat
It ranks as the 36th highest grossing film of all time in the U.S. and Canada. The popularity of Lautner and his cast members continued to summit, especially via the " Team Edward vs. Team Jacob " campaign that promoted the film. Lautner's fanbase also began	began	VERB	to	PART	 to
The most recent new members, Albania and Croatia, joined on 1 April 2009, prior to the 2009 Strasbourg – Kehl summit. In 2011, NATO officially recognized four aspiring members: Bosnia and Herzegovina, Georgia, Macedonia, and Montenegro. Macedonia has been prevented	prevented	VERB	from	ADP	 from
Following Foote's departure, the society selected Professor E. J. Meany to head the Romney Classical Institute. Despite the schism, the society also provided financial support from the lottery to the Potomac Seminary. According to a " catalogue of the members and library " published on	on	ADP	June	PROPN	 June
Neither the 1st Army Group nor the Hungarians were ready for full scale fighting, as they were still mobilising and deploying their forces. On 9 April, due to German successes elsewhere in Yugoslavia, the 6th Army on the right flank of the 2nd Army Group was	was	AUX	ordered	VERB	 ordered
Between two slender consonants, it is advanced even further, to a centralized vowel (IPA [üː]): ciúin [cüːnʲ] (' quiet '). The near close vowels / ɪ / and / ʊ / show a similar pattern. / ɪ /	/	PUNCT	is	AUX	 is
Under the Local Government (Wales) Act 1994, Dyfed was abolished on 1 April 1996 and Carmarthenshire was re established as a county. The three districts united to form a unitary authority which had the same boundaries as the traditional county of Carmarthenshire. In 2003,	,	PUNCT	the	DET	 the
He coached without using a lot of yelling and screaming. Oosterbaan motivated his players without using sarcasm or losing his temper, and rarely used locker room pep talks. Oosterbaan resigned as the head football coach in 1958. At the time, he said: " The	The	DET	pressure	NOUN	 pressure
Urquiza, president of the Confederation, issued the ' law of differential rights ', benefiting the ships trading with the ports of the Confederation and but not with Buenos Aires. The end of the civil wars provided the political and legal stability necessary to assert property rights	rights	NOUN	and	CCONJ	 and
Avory left the band, and Henrit was brought in to take his place. Ray Davies, who was still on amiable terms with Avory, invited him to manage Konk Studios. Avory accepted, and continued to serve as a producer and occasional contributor on later Kinks	Kinks	PROPN	albums	NOUN	 albums
While several early cases employed the " intangible right to honest government, " United States v. States (8th Cir. 1973) was the first case to rely on honest services fraud as the sole basis for a conviction. The prosecution of state and local political corruption	corruption	NOUN	became	VERB	 became
Oliver also said that while the episode did " very little " to advance the season storyline significantly, there were " some significant " developments and revelations in it. TV Verdict's Stephen Lackey said the episode was " fast paced " and featured " one exciting twist	twist	NOUN	after	ADP	 after
Khalid and Qa ' qa flung the gate open and the remainder of Khalid's men entered the city. An intense battle ensued. When Thomas saw that the rest of the army did not move from the other gates, he assumed first that only Khalid's army	army	NOUN	had	AUX	 had
For the punting unit, despite allowing 64- and 65 yard returns against Seattle and Minnesota, opposing return teams recorded 7.5 yards, 14th in the NFL. Sherrick McManis led the special teams unit in tackles with eleven. On December 22, the rosters for the 2016	2016	NUM	Pro	PROPN	 Pro
On May 30, 2013, technical rehearsals for the ride officially began. On June 20, 2013, the ride officially opened to the general public. Transformers: The Ride 3D celebrated its One Millionth Rider in August 2013. The ride system used on Transformers:	:	PUNCT	The	DET	 The
He carried out a flanking manoeuvre through a pass judged by the Germans to be impenetrable, rendering the Mareth position untenable and forcing the Axis into another retreat. Three Italian divisions were destroyed, and the German 15th Panzer Division, 21st Panzer Division and 164th Division were	were	AUX	heavily	ADV	 heavily
The objectives of the fedayeen were articulated in the statements and literature they produced, which were consistent with reference to the aim of destroying Zionism. In 1970, the stated aim of the fedayeen was establishing Palestine as " a secular, democratic, nonsectarian state. "	"	PUNCT	Robert	PROPN	 Robert
The entire side of the Prince Consort class ships, from the upper deck level downwards, was protected by wrought iron armour that tapered from 3 inches (76 mm) at the ends to 4.5 inches (114 mm) amidships. The armour extended 5 feet 6	6	NUM	inches	NOUN	 inches
The seizure of these cities also enraged the Aetolians, as both were members of the Aetolian League. The alliance between Aetolia and Macedon was held together only by the Aetolians ' fear of Philip, and this incident worsened the already tenuous relationship. Philip next compelled the	the	DET	cities	NOUN	 cities
" McFarland praised Kaitlin Olson's portrayal of Brenda, however, stating " Olson got some laughs out of just how deep Brenda ’ s denial went, finding every possible excuse to blame herself and exonerate Jeff. It made her endearing and easily likeable, every bit	bit	NOUN	the	DET	 the
First published in the United Kingdom on 26 October 1987, the book takes a critical perspective, challenging the Church of Scientology's account of Hubbard's life and work. It quotes extensively from official documents acquired using the Freedom of Information Act and from Hubbard's personal	personal	ADJ	papers	NOUN	 papers
In 1937, von Brauchitsch duelled Caracciola before coming out on top. It was the last prewar Grand Prix at Monaco, for in 1938, the demand for ₤ 500 (about US $2450) in appearance money per top entrant led AIACR to cancel the event	event	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
The party was initially received in peace at the Itza capital, but as soon as the Spanish soldiers let their guard down, the Itza seized and bound the new arrivals. The soldiers were sacrificed to the Maya gods. After their sacrifice, the Itza took Delgado	Delgado	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
Produced by Arif Mardin, the track appeared on Starr's debut album for Atlantic Records and Polydor, Ringo's Rotogravure. The composition had a long recording history before then, having been written in 1970 as " Whenever ", after which it was copyrighted with the	the	DET	title	NOUN	 title
Pfeiffer returned to the screen in 2007 with villainous roles in two major summer blockbusters, as Velma Von Tussle in the film adaptation of the Broadway musical Hairspray (2007) with John Travolta, Christopher Walken, Zac Efron and Queen Latifah, and as ancient witch Lamia	Lamia	PROPN	in	ADP	 in
Span was out but Tolbert was able to score on Porcello's throwing error. The score remained 3 – 1 until the bottom of the 6th inning. Porcello got the first two batters of the inning out but then allowed a solo home run to Jason Kubel to	to	PART	bring	VERB	 bring
Winnipeg is a railway hub and is served by Via Rail, Canadian National Railway, Canadian Pacific Railway, Burlington Northern Santa Fe Manitoba, and the Central Manitoba Railway. It is the only major city between Vancouver and Thunder Bay with direct US connections by rail.	.	PUNCT	Winnipeg	PROPN	 Winnipeg
I saw the song as more fun and cheeky, rather than sassy and glossy like that. " The Sugababes performed " No Can Do " on 14 November 2008 for Children in Need. The trio performed the song later that month to promote the release of the	the	DET	New	PROPN	 New
The pursuit had been exhausting: since first sighting the British ships, Niémen had travelled over 140 nmi (160 mi; 260 km) and was just 12 nmi (14 mi; 22 km) from the Spanish coast when she was caught. At 01:	:	SYM	15	NUM	 15
Almost everyone connected with the movie is in top form, even Mr. Moore. Here he's as ageless, resourceful, and graceful as the character he inhabits. " Canby subsequently said the film was, alongside Goldfinger, the best of the series. Whilst The	The	DET	Globe	PROPN	 Globe
His brothers were Alec, known as " Sandy " by the family, who played for Ayr United and Clyde; Jimmy (1902 – 1972), who played for various clubs including Sheffield United and Southend United; John (1903 – 1960), who played	played	VERB	for	ADP	 for
Orthodox Hindus remember the Panchakanya: the five virgins or maidens, in this daily morning prayer; though none of them is considered an ideal woman, who could be emulated. Tara, with Ahalya and Mandodari, belong to the Ramayana, while the rest are from	from	ADP	the	DET	 the
For Idolator, Mike Wass called the remix " X rated ", thanking the feature guests for that. In the week ending of August 25, 2013, after the performance on the VMAs, the song was downloaded 20,000 times, a jump of 1,003% from	from	ADP	the	DET	 the
His girlfriend, Candy, accompanies him as a result of him protecting her from an angry waiter she attempted to bilk and paying the bill. Rufus is depicted as a large, heavily obese blond male. His head is mostly bald, with a long braided ponytail	ponytail	NOUN	jutting	VERB	 jutting
According to the staff members of Idolator, the beat in the background is augmented by hand claps similar to that of " Single Ladies (Put a Ring on It) " (2008) by Beyoncé Knowles, most noticeable toward the end. According to a press	press	NOUN	release	NOUN	 release
However, Washbrook called Edrich through for a quick single soon after. The batsmen hesitated and after both Englishmen had paused in the middle of their run, Morris threw down Edrich's stumps from cover, ending the partnership at 125 / 2. Edrich had struck eight	eight	NUM	boundaries	NOUN	 boundaries
She was commissioned into the Royal Navy on 26 November 1896. The ship was 421 feet (128 m) long overall and had a beam of 75 ft (23 m) and a draft of 27 ft (8.2 m). She displaced up to 16,060	16,060	NUM	t	NOUN	 t
Raonic holds a combined 7 – 29 record (19%) against the Big Four, including 0 – 7 against Djokovic, 1 – 6 against Nadal, 3 – 9 against Federer, and 3 – 7 against Murray. Each of Raonic's deepest runs in	in	ADP	significant	ADJ	 significant
German aid to the Nationalists amounted to approximately £43,000,000 ($215,000,000) in 1939 prices. German air crews supported the Nationalist advance on Madrid and the relief of the Siege of the Alcázar. The Condor Legion's aircraft were accompanied by two armoured units. By	By	ADP	the	DET	 the
His second innings lasted just seven balls before Key " chipped a simple catch to mid on ", having scored just four. Key's most valuable innings, according to Wisden, came in the third Test. Despite only scoring six runs in the first innings,	,	PUNCT	Key	PROPN	 Key
Following the conclusion of hostilities, the battalion's personnel were returned to Australia in small drafts, as the 2 / 1st undertook garrison duties in the Balikpapan area. The longer serving men were repatriated and discharged early, while volunteers were transferred to other units that were	were	AUX	being	AUX	 being
" Asked about a possible romance between Vala and Daniel before the filming of the series finale, Black predicted that a consummation of the relationship would end badly in terms of both story and on screen chemistry. When producer Robert C. Cooper presented his preliminary script for the	the	DET	series	NOUN	 series
He was picked for the 1945 – 46 Australian tour of New Zealand and played in the representative match that was later designated as the first Test match between the two countries: he made 54 as Australia won easily. The post war period also saw a new approach	approach	NOUN	to	ADP	 to
" If this agreement is not fulfilled, the Flyer can be reclaimed by the heir of the Wright brothers. Some aviation buffs, particularly those who promote the legacy of Gustave Whitehead, now accuse the Smithsonian of refusing to investigate claims of earlier flights. After a	a	DET	ceremony	NOUN	 ceremony
The title and other Belarusian state awards, their creation, nomination and awarding, are regulated by a set of legal documents: Belarusian Constitution, Law N 288 З " About state awards of the Republic of Belarus " and presidential decrees. The title was created by	by	ADP	the	DET	 the
With both offenses struggling in the first quarter, Sun Devil, Terry Richardson, opened scoring on an 84 yard punt return for a touchdown. The Trojans answered early in the second quarter with a field goal, however, two touchdowns, a Keller pass and a	a	DET	Keegan	PROPN	 Keegan
He was put on a monitor, but it [ECG trace] was flat. I pounded his heart [CPR] a couple of times, but there was no point, he was dead ". According to Seifert, the attempt to resuscitate Hendrix lasted "	"	PUNCT	just	ADV	 just
John Young walked on the moon as the commander of Apollo 16, first commander of the space shuttle and is the only person to have piloted four different classes of spacecraft. Georgia Tech has its fair share of noteworthy engineers, scientists, and inventors. Nobel Laureate	Laureate	PROPN	Kary	PROPN	 Kary
The team competed in the 2012 IPL and finished at the third place, thus qualified for the 2012 Champions League Twenty20 (CLT20). It topped the league and the group stage in the IPL and the CLT20 respectively; however, it failed to win any match	match	NOUN	in	ADP	 in
Speaking to a British press reporter on 5 January, the victim's father was quoted as saying, " We want the world to know her real name. My daughter didn't do anything wrong, she died while protecting herself. I am proud of her.	.	PUNCT	Revealing	VERB	 Revealing
He helped NASA with voice communication equipment including long lines between Cape Canaveral and Houston as well as assisting the Air Force with their worldwide telephone system. He worked on military listening systems. In 1968, Hilliard retired from regular employment at LTV, continuing to work with	with	ADP	LTV	PROPN	 LTV
According to his analysis, the following missions were the ones most likely to have been destroyed: La Concepción de Ayubale San Francisco de Oconi San Antonio de Bacqua San Martín de Tomole Santa Cruz y San Pedro de Alcántara de Ychuntafun Spanish authorities in St. Augustine and Pensacola	Pensacola	PROPN	mobilized	VERB	 mobilized
As LeHand was leaving on her maiden voyage, she struck the U.S. Coast Guard lighthouse tender Magnolia amidships, sinking it and killing one Coast Guardsman. LeHand was a character in the 1958 Broadway play Sunrise at Campobello and its 1960 film adaptation, in which she was	was	AUX	played	VERB	 played
Her work with the Make A Wish foundation was the inspiration behind her own charity, with Lavigne stating, " I just really wanted to do more ". Lavigne said on the foundation's website, " I have always looked for ways to give back because I	I	PRON	think	VERB	 think
He did not hesitate to alter productions when they were revived. " Although he had told the press that the original words and music would not be altered, Carte was willing to make changes in certain cases. In 1919 – 20, he authorised significant cuts and	and	CCONJ	alterations	NOUN	 alterations
In addition, the flux provides molten slag which covers the filler metal as it travels from the electrode to the weld pool. Once part of the weld pool, the slag floats to the surface and protects the weld from contamination as it solidifies. Once hardened,	,	PUNCT	it	PRON	 it
Any financial institution that participates in the forward collection (or return) process can become the reconverting financial institution if it creates the substitute check for transmittal and settlement. If a substitute check must be returned unpaid because of insufficient funds (a dishonored or bounced check)	)	PUNCT	,	PUNCT	,
In all versions, Khandoba returns to Jejuri with his new wife and faces the wrath of Mhalsa. Many songs tell about the confrontations of Mhalsa and Banai. In some songs, Mhalsa complains about Khandoba's infatuation with the impure Banai. The cantankerous Mhalsa grumbles how	how	SCONJ	Banai	PROPN	 Banai
One early possible attempt at espionage were the Russian sawfilers who travelled through Sweden, mostly in Norrland during the last years of the 19th century and the years leading up to World War I. A large part of the Swedish population believed that the sawfilers, no more than	than	ADP	300	NUM	 300
" The Scotsman wrote that the song is an " electro glam " that " throwaway fun. " Allison Stewart from The Washington Post referred to it as a " tame, hand clappy pop song " and compared the track to Gwen Stefani's songs. TJ of	of	ADP	Neon	PROPN	 Neon
The Ionian revolt had begun with an unsuccessful expedition against Naxos, a joint venture between the Persian satrap Artaphernes and the Miletus tyrant Aristagoras. In the aftermath, Artaphernes decided to remove Aristagoras from power, but before he could do so, Aristagoras abdicated, and declared	declared	VERB	Miletus	PROPN	 Miletus
The novels were always set in London, a small village, or at a houseparty. Critic Erik Routley labelled many of her characters clichés, including the uneducated policeman, an exotic Spanish dancer, and a country vicar with a neurotic wife. In one of her	her	PRON	novels	NOUN	 novels
While living in a New York apartment between 1895 and 1901 not much is known of the Davenport home life except that the furnishings were luxurious. By 1901, Davenport had bought both a house in East Orange, New Jersey, and a farm in Morris Plains,	,	PUNCT	New	PROPN	 New
The cost was estimated to be at least $300 – 400 million (USD). The plan replaced the initial dual stadium opening ceremony facility. Additional details about the plan included new permanent hockey fields, use of Jones Armory, and new pedestrian juncture between the	the	DET	two	NUM	 two
Nevertheless, he conceded that " a man may be ignorant, boastful and obscure, and yet have done a solid piece of work ". The Canadian geographer Paul Simpson Housley, although sceptical about much of Morrell's account, suggests that the speeds claimed for the	the	DET	derided	ADJ	 derided
The fate of the championship trophy itself was the subject of controversy after Canadian hockey officials accompanied by Montreal Police prevented the Soviet team from taking the trophy back to the Soviet Union. As he took the Cup from the Soviets at the airport, Eagleson claimed that the	the	DET	trophy	NOUN	 trophy
Even though cadmium and its compounds are toxic in certain forms and concentrations, the British Pharmaceutical Codex from 1907 states that cadmium iodide was used as a medication to treat " enlarged joints, scrofulous glands, and chilblains ". In 1907, the International Astronomical Union defined	defined	VERB	the	DET	 the
The show itself was nominated in the " Soap and Continuing Drama " category at the 2007 awards. Holby City was nominated " Best Serial Drama " at the 2008 Digital Spy Soap Awards, and in 2009, Stella Gonet was nominated for the " Acting Performance in	in	ADP	TV	NOUN	 TV
They spend the night at a hotel, but he leaves without her the next morning and catches a train to Los Angeles, California. With the help of a translator, he phones Arlen's last residence and learns from a Hispanic woman that Arlen is working at	at	ADP	a	DET	 a
Suharto unexpectedly resigned on 21 May 1998, one week after he returned from a Group of 15 meeting in Cairo, which took place during the riots. The reform government formed by his successor Bacharuddin Jusuf Habibie began a campaign to rebuild the confidence of Chinese Indonesians who	who	PRON	had	AUX	 had
Ballots were generally fair and in accordance with the 1931 constitution, although three cases of electoral fraud occurred. The first was in Galicia, in north west Spain, and orchestrated by the incumbent government; there also, in A Coruña, by the political left.	.	PUNCT	The	DET	 The
Lindelof and Cuse felt that the beard worked with Lapidus ' character, and allowed Fahey to keep it for the role, with the requirement he shave it back to a more manageable length. The character remained bearded until his return in fifth season episode " 316 "	"	PUNCT	,	PUNCT	,
In his store is a shelf with other symbolic items that represent local businesses. The center section is devoted to education and depicts Athena, the Greek goddess of wisdom, in the form of a girl in the Woodstock Library. She is adorned with an owl on	on	ADP	her	PRON	 her
After Millennium's cancellation, Johannessen would also contribute an episode to its sister show The X Files, 1999's " Orison ". " Blood Relatives " featured the second of three appearances by Brian Markinson as Seattle police detective Teeple; Markinson had previously played the character	character	NOUN	in	ADP	 in
The average annual rainfall of 667.9 millimetres (26.3 in) is well below the UK average of 1,125 millimetres (44.3 in). The mid year population of Portland in 2010 was 12,400; this figure has remained around twelve to thirteen thousand since the 1970s. In	In	ADP	2010	NUM	 2010
In the process, the News Miner became the first newspaper to regularly deliver via aircraft. Three years after Harding's death, William Thompson died on January 4, 1926. He was replaced by assistant editor Alfeld Hjalmar Nordale, who had been mayor of Fairbanks.	.	PUNCT	At	ADP	 At
Greg Fischbach, one of the founders of Acclaim Entertainment, noted, regretfully several years later, they had passed on Guitar Hero, questioning " Who's going to buy a peripheral like that? " The Huangs approached Harmonix, who had previously made music video games	games	NOUN	such	ADJ	 such
Mario and Aldo were surprised to find a half mile dirt racing track when they moved to Nazareth. The twins worked on a 1948 Hudson Commodore modified funded by money that they earned in their uncle's garage in 1959. They took turns racing the old Hudson on	on	ADP	oval	NOUN	 oval
A NME staff reviewer said that the song takes the riff of David Bowie and Iggy Pop's " China Girl " (1983) and " puts it over schmaltzy cocktail hour bass and love film strings. " Tom Terrell of MTV, however, compared the riff	riff	NOUN	to	ADP	 to
A year later he moved into his wife's house in Mallord Street, in an unsuccessful hope of reigniting their relationship. Taking up his part time professorship at the Institute of Archaeology, he began to lecture to students almost every day. There, he found that	that	SCONJ	he	PRON	 he
In Gumboro, DE 26 and DE 30 continue north while Route 54 turns east onto Cypress Road. Route 54 crosses Bald Cypress Branch and the Pocomoke River, then passes through the Great Cypress Swamp. After crossing the swamp, the highway intersects US 113 on the	the	DET	west	PROPN	 west
Still, the old fashioned extravagance of this production... feels like some kind of honesty: it's a sincere gesture from a show business savant. " Before the release of I Am... Yours: An Intimate Performance at Wynn Las Vegas, Rap Up listed it	it	PRON	as	ADP	 as
In general, the operator factor, or the percentage of operator's time spent laying weld, is approximately 25%. The actual welding technique utilized depends on the electrode, the composition of the workpiece, and the position of the joint being welded. The choice	choice	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
During the landing operations on 7 and 8 August, Japanese naval aircraft based at Rabaul, under the command of Sadayoshi Yamada, attacked the Allied amphibious forces several times, setting afire the transport USS George F. Elliot (which sank two days later) and heavily damaging	damaging	VERB	the	DET	 the
Fifty eight were permanently joined in " Bib and Bub " (named after comic characters by May Gibbs) pairs to conserve manpower and used this way until 1950. Although the bib and bub pairs still required a conductor per tram to collect fares, they needed only	only	ADV	one	NUM	 one
It was the longest scoring drive in Big 12 Championship history. With 8: 53 left in the game, Nebraska threw what was almost a touchdown pass, but Nic Harris made a diving catch to intercept the ball in the end zone for a touchback. Neither	Neither	DET	team	NOUN	 team
" Manager Phil Walden explained to executives that the band were less of a studio band and that live performances were most important to them. In all, the album featured seven songs spread over four vinyl sides. The album received strong initial sales. While previous albums	albums	NOUN	by	ADP	 by
The station began broadcasting on 1 October 1988 as a privately owned company, thereby ending the television monopoly previously exercised by the Danmarks Radio (DR). Since 2007, TV 2 has had about 1,000 employees. Now operating six channels, TV 2 now broadcasts over	over	ADP	40,000	NUM	 40,000
The official forecast at this time called for further intensification to minimal hurricane strength. This did not occur however and Arlene instead weakened as result of dry air entering the circulation. The storm made landfall just west of Pensacola, Florida in the afternoon of June 11 with	with	ADP	57.5	NUM	 57.5
Following his release from Fleetwood, Crowther joined non League side FC Halifax Town. At the end of the 2013 – 14 season he left Halifax Town after just 4 months at the club. Born in Stockport, Greater Manchester, Crowther spent nine years at his local	local	ADJ	club	NOUN	 club
Adelman served as National Chair of Canadian Professors for Peace in the Middle East (1983 – 84), and Director of the Refugee Documentation Project (1982 – 86). In 2008 Adelman was honored as the keynote speaker at the First Annual Howard Adelman Lecture in	in	ADP	celebration	NOUN	 celebration
Guns and ammunition were kept there in case of a fresh rebellion, with a garrison of 36 men, which was temporarily reinforced by an additional squadron of horsemen and 50 foot soldiers in July 1650. Repairs were made from 1651 onwards, and new accommodation was constructed	constructed	VERB	for	ADP	 for
Meanwhile, Peter loses his job at the Pawtucket Brewery because Superstore USA has its own brewery and they can not compete. Disjointed, Peter joins an angry protest outside the store, but after entering the store to encourage customers to leave, Peter is impressed by its	its	PRON	central	ADJ	 central
At Otter Tail Lake, the route left the plains and turned east into a forest in the Leaf Mountains on the continental divide. Taking a difficult but scenic path east through the woods, the trail crossed the Mississippi River at Old Crow Wing. It then went	went	VERB	south	ADV	 south
Act one begins with Krusty's face introducing the audience at his show, act two begins with Krusty's face being locked up behind bars, and act three begins with Sideshow Bob's face on a big poster. Krusty's character is based on a television clown	clown	NOUN	from	ADP	 from
However, he was not able to continue his success in 2014, and the Dodgers released him after that season. Wilson is known for his large black beard, which he began growing during the 2010 pennant race. Wilson was born in Winchester, Massachusetts on March	March	PROPN	16	NUM	 16
Certain shooting methods, like hand held and zooms, were nixed, except for in cases where they could be presented in a " poorly executed " manner. This was done in a way to make it appear that Michael at least knew what he was doing;	;	PUNCT	Novak	PROPN	 Novak
The operation was in response to attacks, including rockets strikes from Fatah and other Palestinian militias, within the Israeli occupied West Bank. According to Said Aburish, the government of Jordan and a number of Fatah commandos informed Arafat that large scale Israeli military preparations for an	an	DET	attack	NOUN	 attack
This flexibility is possible because different oxidases and reductases use the same ubiquinone pool. This allows many combinations of enzymes to function together, linked by the common ubiquinol intermediate. These respiratory chains therefore have a modular design, with easily interchangeable sets of enzyme systems. In	In	ADP	addition	NOUN	 addition
Although the West Side Stadium plan was rejected by city and state planning agencies, the 7 Subway Extension plan received approval to move ahead, as New York political leaders wanted to see the warehouse district west of Eighth Avenue and north of 34th Street redeveloped as part of	of	ADP	the	DET	 the
During the story campaign, the player takes control of Renegade Squadron, under the command of Col Serra and occasionally Han Solo. Serra describes the formation of the unit in the beginning cutscene of the campaign; the player then starts a series of missions with a range	range	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
He also indulged his hobby for collecting Japanese art, and quickly became a renowned authority. Borthwick translated four works from Swedish difference feminist Ellen Key. In his spare time, Wright developed a fruit farm on the property with over a thousand fruit trees and bushes that	that	PRON	he	PRON	 he
Dodd's career returned to politically contentious Indigenous issues when he played a minor role, of Kummengu, in the 1991 film Deadly. This film is a police drama based around the death of an Indigenous man in police custody. As in Ground Zero, the subject	subject	NOUN	was	AUX	 was
Malaria was the most important health hazard encountered by U.S. troops in the South Pacific during World War II, where about 500,000 men were infected. According to Joseph Patrick Byrne, " Sixty thousand American soldiers died of malaria during the African and South Pacific campaigns. "	"	PUNCT	At	ADP	 At
He thought that had the crew been able to come to some sort of solution then it would have been a " strong " episode, but because Picard is forced to plead with Q it made it the first " great episode " of the series because " it	it	PRON	admits	VERB	 admits
On October 24, Time magazine featured Medina on its cover, and soon thereafter he was asked to consider running for governor of New York. On June 11, 1951, Truman nominated Medina to the U.S. Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit, where he served	served	VERB	until	ADP	 until
Erin (Ellie Kemper) confides in Ryan (B. J. Novak) that she's intending to stay in Tallahassee. Ryan interprets this as an invitation to hook up with her, so he attempts to seduce her by taking her to the kitchen to help her make	make	VERB	a	DET	 a
When the compliance of the injured lung differs significantly from that of the uninjured one, the lungs can be ventilated independently with two ventilators in order to deliver air at different pressures; this helps avoid injury from overinflation while providing adequate ventilation. The administration of fluid therapy	therapy	NOUN	in	ADP	 in
In 1998, Said made In Search of Palestine (1998), a BBC documentary film about Palestine past and Palestine present, in which he returned to the country from which he had emigrated to the U.S. in 1947. In the company of his son, Wadie	Wadie	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
The rumors were partially true; Argentina was looking to get rid of the battleships and devote the proceeds to opening more schools. This angered the American government, which did not want its warship technology offered to the highest bidder — yet they did not want to exercise	exercise	VERB	a	DET	 a
He defeated Robin Söderling in the semifinals, before losing to Nikolay Davydenko in the final. Del Potro finished 2009 as the youngest player in the top 10, top ranked Argentine, and highest ranked South American for the second consecutive year. Del Potro started his 2010	2010	NUM	season	NOUN	 season
This was down from the previous year's attendance of 18,065, but the decline could be attributed to the smaller size of the venue for WrestleMania XI. The attendance figure was also lower than the following year's figure of 18,852 fans at WrestleMania XII. The pay	pay	NOUN	per	ADP	 per
Imran Khan, another major opposition figure, went further, saying that " the decision isn't only against national interest but can also stir unrest within the ranks of the armed forces. " He also criticised the incumbent government as being a pawn of the United States	States	PROPN	.	PUNCT	.
After she died, the English raked back the coals to expose her charred body so that no one could claim she had escaped alive. They then burned the body twice more, to reduce it to ashes and prevent any collection of relics, and cast her remains	remains	VERB	into	ADP	 into
A century later, James Boswell wrote in his diary that he had taken a prostitute into the garden and " indulged sensuality ", but he was shocked to find when he got home that she had stolen his handkerchief. For a time, each of the grass	grass	NOUN	squares	VERB	 squares
According to Wolfson, Donald Reiman, a modern editor of Percy Bysshe Shelley's works, still refers to Mary Shelley's editions, while acknowledging that her editing style belongs " to an age of editing when the aim was not to establish accurate texts and scholarly apparatus	apparatus	NOUN	but	CCONJ	 but
Over larger gaps, its breakdown strength is weaker, perhaps 1 kV per centimetre. The most visible natural occurrence of this is lightning, caused when charge becomes separated in the clouds by rising columns of air, and raises the electric field in the air to greater	greater	ADJ	than	SCONJ	 than
Understanding the singularity of the Big Bang likely requires a quantum theory of gravity, which has not yet been formulated. Third, the curvature index k determines the sign of the mean spatial curvature of spacetime averaged over sufficiently large length scales (greater than about a billion	billion	NUM	light	ADJ	 light
The economic turmoil which hit the Soviet Union in 1990 was blamed on Ryzhkov, even though it was Gorbachev who had delayed Ryzhkov's proposed reform. In his memoirs, Gorbachev vaguely asserts that a single price increase would be better than several. Things did not improve	improve	VERB	for	ADP	 for
Additionally, William McAtee, noting the tendency of birds to form Floridian subspecies, suggested that the white tail could be a sign that the painted vulture was a subspecies of the king vulture. Excluding the two species of condors, the king vulture is the largest of	of	ADP	the	DET	 the
In the Netherlands, midazolam is a List II drug of the Opium Law. Midazolam is a Schedule IV drug under the Convention on Psychotropic Substances. In the United Kingdom, midazolam is a Class C controlled drug. In the United States, midazolam (DEA number	number	NOUN	2884	NUM	 2884
Sovereigns were enthroned in Besakana and their mortal remains were displayed here before burial. A visitor writing in 1888 described this ancient building as " the official state room for civil affairs... regarded as the throne of the kingdom. " Mahitsielafanjaka (Mahitsy) became the residence	residence	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
General relativity also predicts the existence of gravitational waves, which have since been observed directly by physics collaboration LIGO. In addition, general relativity is the basis of current cosmological models of a consistently expanding universe. Soon after publishing the special theory of relativity in 1905,	,	PUNCT	Einstein	PROPN	 Einstein
... Of course there will be no personality in this – the fact that the First Lord in the Opera is a Radical of the most pronounced type will do away with any suspicion that W. H. Smith is intended. Despite Gilbert's disclaimer, audiences, critics and	and	CCONJ	even	ADV	 even
The following ten were to be allocated to Scotland and were allocated further " Clan " names, all of which were new. The Clan Class had a mixed reception when first introduced to British Railways locomotive crews because there were only 10 locomotives in a class that was	was	AUX	mostly	ADV	 mostly
At the end of June 1860, Rossier was in Shanghai, and it is likely that he visited the city in an attempt to gain permission to accompany the Anglo French military expedition that had already arrived in northern China and thereby fulfill his commission to document the Second	Second	PROPN	Opium	PROPN	 Opium
He devised a different arrangement of keys and finger holes, which allow simpler fingering. It was inspired by the Boehm system developed for flutes by Theobald Boehm. Klosé was so impressed by Boehm's invention that he named his own system for clarinets the Boehm system,	,	PUNCT	although	SCONJ	 although
In 1893, the company produced the penultimate Gilbert and Sullivan collaboration, Utopia, Limited. While Utopia was being prepared, the company produced Jane Annie, by J. M. Barrie and Arthur Conan Doyle, with music by Ernest Ford. Despite the popularity of Barrie and	and	CCONJ	Conan	PROPN	 Conan
On the game's first play, Tech committed a five yard false start penalty. Running back Shyrone Stith was stopped for a loss on the first non penalty play of the game, but Tech made up both that loss and the penalty when quarterback Michael Vick scrambled	scrambled	VERB	for	ADP	 for
Germany was the most successful nation at the Games, which did much to support their allegations of Aryan supremacy, but notable victories by African American Jesse Owens, who won four gold medals, and Hungarian Jew Ibolya Csák, blunted the message. The Soviet Union did	did	AUX	not	PART	 not
In the Pacific, it occurs off Japan, Java, Australia and New Zealand, and the Hawaiian Islands. There is a single record of this species in the southern Atlantic, from off southern Brazil. An offshore, deepwater species, the kitefin shark is most	most	ADV	common	ADJ	 common
However, by 1999, attendance had fallen off so severely that the owners issued an ultimatum: buy more season tickets or the team would join its departed counterparts in Winnipeg and Quebec City in leaving for the United States. The fans responded by buying enough season tickets	tickets	NOUN	to	PART	 to
His hand withered from contact with the diabolic innards. The suggested parallels with Fenrir myths are the binding of an evil being by a ruler figure and the subsequent swallowing of the ruler figure by the evil being (Odin and Fenrir), trickery involving the thrusting of	of	ADP	a	DET	 a
Following the battle, Harvey remained aboard Lion at Rosyth for the whole of 1915 and the first five months of 1916, continuing his gunnery training and preparations for major fleet action. His preparations came to fruition on the last day of May, when the British fleet	fleet	NOUN	sailed	VERB	 sailed
Because of the lawsuit, the decision was made to permit a nativity scene to be displayed in the rotunda of the state Capitol, in Olympia, as long as other symbols of the season were included. In 2013, Gov. Rick Perry signed into Texas law the	the	DET	Merry	PROPN	 Merry
Magic Books contains 61 tracks across two discs, with a total length of 1: 51: 57; Best of's 10 tracks span 26: 16. The tracks in Best of correspond to tracks 8, 1, 3, 9, 19, 25,	,	PUNCT	12	NUM	 12
Despite this, he praised the save system for letting players save the game at any point. Writing for GameSpot, Elliott Chin criticized the game for its confusing level design and insistence on playing a level again if the player misses a key. In a retrospective review	review	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
In the playoffs, the Oilers managed to advance to the Stanley Cup Finals for the first time in franchise history. Anderson and his team were matched up against the Islanders who were looking for a fourth consecutive Stanley Cup victory. During the Finals, Anderson had several	several	ADJ	noted	VERB	 noted
This property has been exploited for medicinal use in traditional healing and has resulted in the production of galantamine for the treatment of Alzheimer's dementia. Long celebrated in art and literature, narcissi are associated with a number of themes in different cultures, ranging from death to	to	ADP	good	ADJ	 good
At this time it was not routine for politicians to travel abroad; McNary, with considerable influence in foreign affairs, had never left North America. Thus, there was much public attention on Willkie's mission. He departed from New York Municipal Field for London on	on	ADP	January	PROPN	 January
The collection includes God of War, God of War II, God of War III, Chains of Olympus, and Ghost of Sparta. It features two Blu ray Discs — God of War I and II on the first and III on the second — and a	a	DET	voucher	NOUN	 voucher
" In cities like Manchester, with unemployment problems, there are no alcohol venues where five thousand people under the age of sixteen are eccy'd off their heads every Saturday night. " He has one son, Xavier, with his partner Melissa Lyne. He is also	also	ADV	the	DET	 the
John Gurney, who had just become the chairman of Luton Town following a takeover by a consortium from Hong Kong and the United States, briefly floated the idea of buying Wimbledon F.C. and merging it with Luton, in his words " effectively buying a back door to	to	ADP	Division	PROPN	 Division
The Cardinals avoided a shutout when Walker hit a home run to center field off Foulke in the ninth inning, but Foulke retired the other three batters he faced in the inning to secure the win for the Red Sox 4 – 1. On the same day the	the	DET	Red	PROPN	 Red
This version, released on October 7, 2013, became the last version to be marketed by Symantec. Norton Internet Security, along with Norton Antivirus and Norton 360, have been replaced with Norton Security. A version 22.5 update was released in June 2015. It	It	PRON	includes	VERB	 includes
Danny and Irving's sixth books, East of Bangor and The Cider House Rules are both abortion novels set in a Maine orphanage which both later win an Oscar for Best Adapted Screenplay. Danny and Irving's fiction are " both autobiographical and not autobiographical at the same	same	ADJ	time	NOUN	 time
The 11 track CD again excluded the work of Hosoe, instead sampling Kajiura's pieces. Released on February 17, 2005, the album has a duration of 30: 25. The Movie Scene album reached position # 46 on the Japanese Oricon charts. In the	the	DET	liner	NOUN	 liner
It is located at Plaza del Carmen, at the eastern end of Recto Avenue, in Quiapo, Manila. In 1621, Bernardino Castillo, a generous patron and a devotee of the 3rd century Roman martyr Saint Sebastian, donated the land upon which the church stands	stands	VERB	.	PUNCT	.
On August 29, Atkinson's force began moving up the Wisconsin River towards Portage, Wisconsin, where the hostile Ho Chunks had concentrated, while Whistler's force converged on the same location from the north. On September 1, 1827, McKenney and Whistler's force	force	NOUN	arrived	VERB	 arrived
On 2 June 1384, Robert resolved to send Walter Wardlaw, Bishop of Glasgow to the Anglo French peace talks, yet Carrick ignored this and allowed raids into the north of England to take place. Despite this, by 26 July, the Scots were part of	of	ADP	the	DET	 the
Paranoid's chart success allowed the band to tour the US for the first time in October 1970, which spawned the release of the album's second single " Iron Man ". Although the single failed to reach the top 40, " Iron Man " remains one	one	NUM	of	ADP	 of
The show is a great success, and the football team wins the championship game. Emboldened by leading the team to the championship, Finn sets his eyes on a new prize: Quinn, who is in a serious relationship with football player and glee club member Sam	Sam	PROPN	Evans	PROPN	 Evans
In response, Hitler formally renounced his Austrian citizenship on 7 April 1925. At the time of Hitler's release from prison, politics in Germany had become less combative and the economy had improved, limiting Hitler's opportunities for political agitation. As a result of the	the	DET	failed	VERB	 failed
Pretty interesting stuff. It's nice to finally have a reason to point at for Walter's craziness ". Ken Tucker of Entertainment Weekly thought it " was one of the best Fringes yet for the way it wove its sci fi with its emotional subplots with such	such	ADJ	tight	ADJ	 tight
It is listed as a landmark by the City of Berlin. At the Rungestraße corner of the park there is a historic fountain from a private garden in Hirschgarten. Moved to the park in 1971, it was made in about 1860 and is known as the Neo	Neo	PROPN	Renaissance	PROPN	 Renaissance
Gorbachev's own plan was to replace Karmal with Mohammad Najibullah, who had joined the PDPA at its creation. Najibullah was thought highly of by Yuri Andropov, Boris Ponomarev and Dmitriy Ustinov, and negotiations for his succession may have started in 1983. Najibullah was not	not	PART	the	DET	 the
The settlement did not go smoothly, and when Roman officials mishandled the situation, the Goths began to raid and plunder. Valens, attempting to put down the disorder, was killed fighting the Goths at the Battle of Adrianople on 9 August 378. As well as	as	ADP	the	DET	 the
At 12: 23, the bombers broke out of a squall line, and Cousland in No. 81 immediately sighted the Rex. " There it is! There it is! " he transmitted by radio to the other pilots, " 81 to 80, twelve	twelve	NUM	o	NOUN	 o
William R. Wood wrote in the Kalamazoo Gazette that " Clarke ’ s complex bass work is invigorating as he blends jazz, rock and funk ". Thom Jurek of Allmusic wrote that the album " feels more like a band record than anything [Clarke has] done	done	VERB	in	ADP	 in
In the GT1 class, Aston Martin achieved its first win over the Corvette since returning to the event in 2005. The GT2 class was a battle between Ferrari and Porsche, won by Porsche. The race was attended by over 250,000 spectators. Between the 2006 and	and	CCONJ	2007	NUM	 2007
The Portuguese were the first traders, then the Dutch and finally the British. Prior to European contact, Igbo trade routes stretched as far as Mecca, Medina and Jeddah on the continent. The transatlantic slave trade, which took place between the 16th and late 19th	19th	ADJ	centuries	NOUN	 centuries
Under the supervision of Dr. Derek Shepherd (Patrick Dempsey), Lexie works with Mercy West resident Dr. April Kepner (Sarah Drew) on a burglar, and the two get in several disagreements, leading Lexie to steal her diary. Dr. Alex Karev (Justin Chambers	Chambers	PROPN	)	PUNCT	)
Sergio produced light rainfall along the coast of Mexico, though its effects were minimal. The formation of Sergio marked the 2006 season as the busiest in 12 years and the first season in which more than one tropical storm formed in November. Sergio, in addition to	to	ADP	being	AUX	 being
The production of the second important isotope 247Bk involves the irradiation of the rare isotope 244Cm with high energy alpha particles. Just over one gram of berkelium has been produced in the United States since 1967. There is no practical application of berkelium outside of scientific research which	which	PRON	is	AUX	 is
The pair took photographs of each other that, for the time, would have been considered explicit. For Hindley, this demonstrated a marked change from her earlier, more shy and prudish nature. Hindley claimed that Brady began to talk about " committing the perfect murder	murder	NOUN	"	PUNCT	 "
Rehearsals for the band's third album, Nursery Cryme, took place at Luxford House near Crowborough, East Sussex that Stratton Smith had owned. Recording began at Trident Studios in August 1971 with Anthony and Hentschel reprising their respective roles as producer and assistant engineer. The	The	DET	band	NOUN	 band
It might possibly be a consequence of different forms of initiation of warriors, where one part seemed to have belonged to Óðinn and the other to Freyja. These examples indicate that Freyja was a war goddess, and she even appears as a valkyrie, literally ' the	the	DET	one	NOUN	 one
News items reported that West Nohno also visited Teneriffe, Accra, Las Palmas, Grand Bassam, Seccondee, and Saint Vincent. West Nohno was still on African routes as late as 1928, when the USSB began accepting bids for the purchase of the American West African	African	ADJ	Line	PROPN	 Line
General Franz Halder, the Army's Chief of Staff, described the speech: Struggle between two ideologies. Scathing evaluation of Bolshevism, equals antisocial criminality. Communism immense future danger... This a fight to the finish. If we do not accept this, we shall	shall	AUX	beat	VERB	 beat
The first DVD release by ADV Films was the eight disk Perfect Collection in 2002, containing the original 26 installments. In 2004, ADV released two DVD compilations titled Neon Genesis Evangelion: Resurrection and Neon Genesis: Reborn, encompassing the directors ' cuts of Episodes 21	21	NUM	through	ADP	 through
Myrmecologist William Brown, Jr., was perhaps the first person to question the monophyly of the genus, mentioning that the Argentine ant, a former member of Iridomyrmex, differed from the rest of the genus. The first proper revisions of the genus began in the 1990s	1990s	NUM	,	PUNCT	,
At the centre is an image of John Wisden. To Wisden's left is a smaller figure of a batsman taking guard, while to Wisden's right is a bowler in his delivery stride. Directly below Wisden is a plaque, on either side of which are	are	AUX	the	DET	 the
The bank, which held many assets of the Oregon Common School Fund, failed during Hobbs ' time there. Ben Olcott, who was the Secretary of State and a member of the State Land Board, was charged with protecting the Common School Fund, and was	was	AUX	involved	VERB	 involved
T. erectofrons was assigned to Corythosaurus based largely on biometric information. The only non typic specimen of Tetragonosaurus, assigned to T. erectofrons, was found later to be referable to Hypacrosaurus, although the holotype of the species was still found to be assignable to Corythosaurus. Corythosaurus	Corythosaurus	PROPN	was	AUX	 was
Diana tells him that she will have a lot of job offers in New York, but Paul says that no one will be interested as she is toxic. Diana's plane ticket is cancelled and she is thrown out of the hotel by Paul. She asks Declan	Declan	PROPN	for	ADP	 for
They are former WWE Tag Team Champions and World Tag Team Champions. Their 2006 2007 reign as WWE Tag Team Champions was the longest in the title's history, until their record was broken by The New Day on July 20, 2016. They first began teaming	teaming	VERB	together	ADV	 together
One of the issues covers had a picture of Ash Williams (played by Bruce Campbell in the films) in the style of the " Hope " poster with the bottom text reading " Hope? " Fairey was also commissioned to create a number of works in the	the	DET	same	ADJ	 same
The " tail " is only possessed by the male and is an extension of the cloaca and used to inseminate the female. This frog lives in fast flowing streams and internal fertilisation prevents the sperm from being washed away before fertilisation occurs. The sperm may be retained	retained	VERB	in	ADP	 in
Guide and shuttle services are also available. Fishing is popular in the park. Some of the finest fly fishing in North America can be found in the streams that flow through Glacier National Park. Though the park requires that those fishing understand the regulations, no permit	permit	NOUN	is	AUX	 is
The stadium was originally named Seahawks Stadium. The name was changed to Qwest Field in June 2004 after the telecommunications carrier bought the naming rights for $75 million for a period of 15 years. According to the agreement, the proceeds must be used for maintenance and	and	CCONJ	upgrades	NOUN	 upgrades
By 1530 UTC on September 15, forecasters predicted that the hurricane would hit North Carolina in 12 hours and ordered hurricane warnings from Wilmington, North Carolina to Cape Hatteras. At the same time, the storm warning was expanded northward to Boston, Massachusetts, and later	later	ADV	to	ADP	 to
Gebirgsjäger Regiment) and the headquarters of the 3rd Mountain Division (3. Gebirgs Division) to seize Narvik. The ships began loading troops on 6 April and sailed the next day. Giese fell behind the rest of Group 1 as the result of oil leaks,	,	PUNCT	machinery	NOUN	 machinery
There are a few surviving examples of books printed in the late Song Dynasty using movable type printing. This includes Zhou Bida's Notes of The Jade Hall (玉堂雜記) printed in 1193 using the method of baked clay movable type characters outlined in the Dream Pool Essays	Essays	PROPN	.	PUNCT	.
Though Stelmach pledged not to do anything to curb the development of the oilsands, he did promise to review royalty rates — the rates paid by oil companies for the privilege of extracting Alberta's oil. He also committed to reducing the proportion of bitumen that left Alberta	Alberta	PROPN	to	PART	 to
Secondly, they were " pictorial ", placing the action on spectacular and elaborate sets (requiring lengthy pauses for scene changes) and with the frequent use of tableaux. Henry Irving's 1882 production at the Lyceum Theatre (with himself as Romeo and Ellen Terry as	as	ADP	Juliet	PROPN	 Juliet
George Takei as Hikaru Sulu, the Enterprise's helmsman. In his autobiography, Takei described the film's shooting schedule as " astonishingly luxurious ", but noted that frequent script rewrites during production " usually favored Bill " [Shatner]. Persis Khambatta as Ilia,	,	PUNCT	the	DET	 the
The use of steamboats along the river, beginning with the British Beaver in 1836 and followed by American vessels in 1850, contributed to the rapid settlement and economic development of the region. Steamboats operated in several distinct stretches of the river: on its lower reaches,	,	PUNCT	from	ADP	 from
Before the end of the eighteenth century, man did not exist any more than the potency of life, the fecundity of labour, or the historical density of language. He is a quite recent creature, which the demiurge of knowledge fabricated with its own hands less	less	ADJ	than	ADP	 than
The ventral tegmental area (VTA) is another midbrain area. The most prominent group of VTA dopaminergic neurons projects to the prefrontal cortex via the mesocortical pathway and another smaller group projects to the nucleus accumbens via the mesolimbic pathway. Together, these two pathways are collectively	collectively	ADV	termed	VERB	 termed
This allows for comparisons to be made between known areas of bog turtle success and potential areas of future habitation. To help the existing colonies rebound, several private projects have been initiated in an attempt to limit the encroachment of overshadowing trees and bushes, the construction of	of	ADP	new	ADJ	 new
" Martin Simons states that Locke " suggested, both by implication and explicitly, that a boy's education should be along the lines already followed by some girls of the intelligent genteel classes. " Rather than sending boys to schools which would ignore their individual needs and	and	CCONJ	teach	VERB	 teach
Highway 400 had been completed to Jane Street in 1966 (alongside the expansion of Highway 401) but plans to extend Highway 400 further south to the Gardiner Expressway were cancelled after several citizens groups protested the proposal in the 1970s. Black Creek Drive was built along the	the	DET	empty	ADJ	 empty
The Times Picayune editor, Keith Spera, felt that the singer " lofted " the song in its live renditions. On January 14, 2014 American singer Sam Tsui released an acoustic cover version of " Pretty Hurts " on the iTunes Store. An early instrumental of	of	ADP	"	PUNCT	 "
In addition to carrying construction materials for the reservoir and pumping station it also provided passenger services. Later the railway was used to bring coal for the pumps. Passenger traffic ceased in 1931 and the line to Blagdon closed completely in 1950. The lake is relatively shallow	shallow	ADJ	,	PUNCT	,
In the battle of American Kong versus Japanese Kong on April 30 at Limit Break. At the promotion's ninth anniversary event Aja Kong won the match but gained enough respect for Amazing Kong that the two attacked both competitors in the main event, revealing themselves as a	a	DET	new	ADJ	 new
Intellectuals regularly found themselves in the Marshalsea. The playwright Ben Jonson, a friend of Shakespeare, was jailed in 1597 for The Isle of Dogs, a play that was immediately suppressed, with no extant copies; on 28 July that year the Privy Council was told	told	VERB	it	PRON	 it
The Zafimaniry communities of the central highland montane forests are the only Malagasy ethnic group who have preserved the island's original wooden architectural traditions; their craft was added to the UNESCO list of Intangible Cultural Heritage in 2003. As wood became scarce over time, wooden houses	houses	NOUN	became	VERB	 became
Bethesda stressed that there was no nudity in their game without a modification, that the company " didn't create a game with nudity " and did not intend for nudity to appear in their game. " Bethesda can not control tampering with Oblivion by third parties,	,	PUNCT	"	PUNCT	 "
There is heavy competition between foot and bus traffic on Oxford Street, which is the main east west bus corridor through Central London. Around 175,000 people get on or off a bus on Oxford Street every day, along with 43,000 further through passengers. Taxis are popular	popular	ADJ	,	PUNCT	,
The event later became known as " The Day the Music Died ", after singer songwriter Don McLean so referred to it in his 1971 song " American Pie ". At the time, Holly and his band, consisting of Waylon Jennings, Tommy Allsup, and	and	CCONJ	Carl	PROPN	 Carl
She then returned to Gibraltar and escorted the aircraft carriers Argus and Ark Royal during Operations Coat and White in November. On 21 November, the light cruiser Despatch, Forester and Faulknor intercepted the Vichy French blockade runner MV Charles Plumier and escorted her to Gibraltar. The	The	DET	ship	NOUN	 ship
Sugar composed the music for all four, and wrote the lyrics (Sanchez co wrote the lyrics for " Oh Bubblegum "). Sugar recorded demos for the songs and Rob Sugar, Rebecca's father, released the three new demos on his official YouTube account.	.	PUNCT	For	ADP	 For
Sebastian Vettel expressed satisfaction with his car, saying that he had hoped to be able to catch Hamilton towards the end of the race. However, he was disappointed by not having both Ferrari cars on the podium. Sergio Pérez said that he had been " really	really	ADV	unhappy	ADJ	 unhappy
It was certified double platinum by the Productores de Música de España (PROMUSICAE), indicating sales of 80,000 copies. " Halo " entered the UK Singles Chart at number 98 for the week ending February 21, 2009; over a period of seven weeks, it	it	PRON	climbed	VERB	 climbed
In a change of plans, Taylor was asked during a call on September 3, 1938, leave to come to the studios as soon as possible. He left New York City for Los Angeles by train two days later for a month's visit. Taylor arrived	arrived	VERB	at	ADP	 at
The highway links Lake Cle Elum to Roslyn, Cle Elum and SR 970, which provides access to Interstate 90. The highway has existed as a numbered highway since at least 1939, however a highway linking Lake Cle Elum to Cle Elum has existed since 1897.	.	PUNCT	The	DET	 The
Before she and Tony depart, the new Mossad director, Orli Elbaz (Marina Sirtis), arrives in hopes of collaborating with the agency in the search for Bodnar. Ziva frostily congratulates her for her promotion and declines an offer to put her in contact with Mossad	Mossad	PROPN	operatives	NOUN	 operatives
Murasaki would have distributed newly written chapters of Genji to friends who in turn would have re copied them and passed them on. By this practice the story became known and she gained a reputation as an author. In her early to mid thirties, she became a	a	DET	lady	NOUN	 lady
" We broke up in ' 82 because we decided we better just back out or we would ruin what was left of the band ’ s image, " said Betts. The band's final performance came on Saturday Night Live in January 1982, where they performed	performed	VERB	"	PUNCT	 "
The front part of the skull (rostrum) is heavily built. The species is named after the collector who first found it, Gilbert Hammond. He supplied natural history specimens to Oldfield Thomas and others. In 1913, Oldfield Thomas of the British Museum of Natural	Natural	PROPN	History	PROPN	 History
When a photo of Grable is found, the agents discover that he is Roland's identical twin brother. Speaking to Roland again, Mulder becomes convinced that the janitor is being periodically controlled by Grable. Meanwhile, Nollette sneaks into the cryogenic facility and tampers with Grable	Grable	PROPN	's	PART	's
The station was taken into use on 24 November 1997, but not officially opened until 4 January 1998. On the day of the official opening, the bus terminal was taken into use. The station costs NOK 35 million. At the time, it was estimated	estimated	VERB	to	PART	 to
The 89th Military Police Group was constituted in the Regular Army on 19 February 1966 and activated on 15 March of that year in the Republic of Vietnam. The mission of the 89th Military Police Group was to provide general military police support for the III Corps and IV	IV	PROPN	Corps	PROPN	 Corps
However, in spite of his belief that free will can be turned to evil, Augustine maintained that it is vital for humans to have free will, because they could not live well without it. He argued that evil could come from humans because, although humans	humans	NOUN	contained	VERB	 contained
Preceding this in June 2007, the network announced their intention to show National Nine News on WIN WA, due to the rise of yet another joint venture station, Ten West. This was its 3rd digital only Ten affiliate with both WIN and GWN taking charge.	.	PUNCT	A	DET	 A
Because of their long association with humans, cockroaches are frequently referred to in popular culture. In Western culture, cockroaches are often depicted as dirty pests. In a 1750 – 1752 journal, Peter Osbeck noted that cockroaches were frequently seen and found their way to the	the	DET	bakeries	NOUN	 bakeries
There are four types of highways maintained by MDOT as part of the overall State Trunkline Highway System. In addition, there are systems of roads maintained by the federal government and local counties. There are frequent overlaps between designations when different types of highways share the same	same	ADJ	stretch	NOUN	 stretch
Repeated iterations of the algorithm, using the output of the function (<formula>) as the input of the next iteration, cause the algorithm to converge on the root with increasing precision. For the purposes of the Quake III engine, only one iteration was	was	AUX	used	VERB	 used
There is one primary school, but the nearest high schools are in Dingwall and Alness. It has one convenience store, a post office, one public inns (Balconie Inn) a bus stop and an ATM. The village hall is named the ' Diamond Jubilee	Jubilee	PROPN	Hall	PROPN	 Hall
Before the end of the year, the V Squadron was once again transferred to the Baltic. Prince Heinrich ordered a foray toward Gotland. On 26 December 1914, the battleships rendezvoused with the Baltic cruiser division in the Bay of Pomerania and then departed on the sortie	sortie	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
Straley stated that the audio is vital to some scenes in the game; " It's more about the psychology of what's happening on the audioscape than what you're seeing, " he stated. He felt that this decision allowed a more impactful and meaningful effect	effect	NOUN	with	ADP	 with
The defendants received sentences ranging from four years to ten years imprisonment, although only five defendants were in court to hear the verdict as six defendants were still on the run after escaping and another was being treated at Ashworth Secure Hospital. Following the second trial, a	a	DET	further	ADJ	 further
" Ono became pregnant in 1968 and miscarried a male child they named John Ono Lennon II on 21 November 1968, a few weeks after Lennon's divorce from Cynthia was granted. During Lennon's last two years in the Beatles, he and Ono began public protests	protests	NOUN	against	ADP	 against
" Larry Flick from The Advocate felt that " American Life is an album that is among her most adventurous and lyrically intelligent " while condemning it as " a lazy, half arsed effort to sound and take her seriously. " The title song peaked at number 37	37	NUM	on	ADP	 on
When Mega Man regains consciousness in Dr. Light's lab, his creator informs him that he must have been rescued by Proto Man, and his notes reveal that Proto Man is in fact Mega Man's older brother. Mega Man 3 retains the platforming and action game	game	NOUN	elements	NOUN	 elements
" " Cocktails " included recurring guest star Michael Patrick McGill as Kenny Anderson, who called working on The Office " a blast. " Other guest stars included Dan Cole as Dan Gore, Owen Daniels as the Wallaces ' son, and Jean Villepique as Rachel Wallace	Wallace	PROPN	.	PUNCT	.
A slight shift in the wind allowed Leissègues to adjust his direction to the southwest, but the close presence of the land restricted French movements and at 10: 10 Superb was able to open fire on Alexandre. With the British flagship engaged with the leading French vessel	vessel	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
Though admitted to graduate standing at Johns Hopkins University in 1928, she was forced to remain at the Pennsylvania College for Women for her senior year due to financial difficulties; she graduated magna cum laude in 1929. After a summer course at the Marine Biological Laboratory,	,	PUNCT	she	PRON	 she
A 10th century Arab Muslim writer named Ahmad ibn Fadlan produced a description of a funeral of a Scandinavian, probably Swedish, chieftain who was on an expedition on the eastern route. The account is a unique source on the ceremonies surrounding the Viking funeral of a chieftain	chieftain	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
The High Seas Fleet was interned there under the terms of the Armistice whilst negotiations took place over the fate of the ships. Fearing that all of the ships would be seized and divided amongst the allied powers, the German commander, Admiral Ludwig von Reuter, decided	decided	VERB	to	PART	 to
Starting with activity in the Coastal Cordillera during the Jurassic (La Negra formation), this has caused spatially complex patterns of volcanic activity as well as the formation of the Altiplano Puna highland with dimensions of 3,000 by 200 by 3.7 – 4 kilometres (1,864.1 mi ×	×	PROPN	124.3	NUM	 124.3
One of the most common complaints about his playing style was that he jumped from category to category, a strategy known as the " Forrest Bounce ", after former champion Chuck Forrest. The Forrest Bounce is a common strategy, however, employed by several successful past	past	ADJ	champions	NOUN	 champions
The shielding allows for a wide field of view while at the same time protecting against firebombs and rock throwing. As with several analogous light military vehicles, despite being originally designed to fill a light reconnaissance role, the rise of urban warfare and close quarters combat meant	meant	VERB	that	SCONJ	 that
" I mean, it's great to thrash and pound, cut yourself up, scream and have fun, but you don't have to take out a Pagan attitude. Why support the Devil? He's already there. I'd rather just fucking thrash and	and	CCONJ	be	AUX	 be
He takes her up to Jordan's hotel room but as they enter, Emma sees that it is completely empty except for a video camera which has been set up. She immediately becomes suspicious and tries to escape but Nystrom blocks her access to the bedroom door.	.	PUNCT	She	PRON	 She
Groves came fourth in his class, and was commissioned as a second lieutenant into the United States Army Corps of Engineers. The Corps of Engineers was the usual appointment for the highest ranking cadets in a class. After the traditional month's leave following graduation from West	West	PROPN	Point	PROPN	 Point
Wings for My Flight was generally well received. In 1991, the book received the Oregon Book Award for literary nonfiction, co receiving the award with My Country, My Right to Serve by Mary Ann Humphrey. The Oregon Book Award, presented annually by Literary Arts	Arts	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
On 31 December, the cruiser struck a mine in the Lingayen Gulf while supporting Japanese forces during the Philippines Campaign. She was towed to Hong Kong in February 1942 for repairs. Izumo was re classified as a 1st class cruiser on 1 July. She returned to	to	ADP	Japan	PROPN	 Japan
A rotating guard of honour of four Canadiens stood around the casket which was covered in flowers including a large wreath from Aurèle Joliat that was shaped like the number 7, Morenz's number, and a note from Morenz's three children. The entire service was broadcast	broadcast	VERB	on	ADP	 on
The Ratan Behari temple located near the Junagarh Fort, was built in 1846 by the 18th ruler of Bikaner. It was built in Indo Mughal architectural style using white marble. The Hindu god Krishna is deified in this temple. Karan mahal (Public Audience Hall)	)	PUNCT	was	AUX	 was
He had served in the British Army 39th Foot, which brought him to Ireland. After retiring from the army, Boycott worked as a land agent for Lord Erne (John Crichton, 3rd Earl Erne), a landowner in the Lough Mask area of County Mayo	Mayo	PROPN	.	PUNCT	.
In a letter to his close friend Tommaso Persico, Donizetti expressed his desire to give the title role to Juliette Bourgeois, a temperamental soprano who requested a large sum of money to perform in France. (She was later to create the title role in Donizetti's	's	PART	La	PROPN	 La
He appeared once for the MCC in first class cricket in each of the 1887, 1888, 1889 and 1890 seasons, after which he did not play first class cricket again. His final first class match was in May 1890 when he scored 1 and 21 during	during	ADP	a	DET	 a
Kahn proposed a structure within a structure, monumental " pylons of Jerusalem stone on each side enclosing four huge central pillars of reinforced concrete, so that the pylons function [ed] as a container and the pillars as its content ". Following the Beaux Arts tradition	tradition	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
Services had decreased to ten per day each direction by 2005, but have since increased to twenty four trains per day. The station is located in the Shirehampton district of Bristol, a primarily residential area on the north bank of the River Avon near the Severn Estuary	Estuary	PROPN	.	PUNCT	.
The character sketches are strong and the characters are inspiring but not patronizing. The script, the story and the characters take the spotlight and the sets, though picturesque add to the plot instead of overshadowing it. " Taran Adarsh, while writing about the chances of	of	ADP	its	PRON	 its
The following day she was attacked by nine Fairey Swordfish torpedo bombers of 816 Squadron from the aircraft carrier HMS Furious. They were very surprised to see their torpedoes detonate short of the ship as they struck the sandy rocks. She was refloated 10 days later and towed	towed	VERB	to	ADP	 to
A song on Duets: The Final Chapter titled " Whatchu Want (The Commission) " featuring Jay Z was based on the group. In December 1999, Bad Boy released Born Again. The album consisted of previously unreleased material mixed with guest appearances including many artists	artists	NOUN	Wallace	PROPN	 Wallace
When part of the foundations for the complex were dug in 1977, an archaeological investigation uncovered prehistoric artifacts, as is typical during construction in Tenri. Although it was a sparsely inhabited village in Oyasama's time, Tenri City lies on top of a confirmed cultural center	center	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
The aircrew of two of the British B 24 Liberators that sank German submarines during this period included Australian personnel, however, and Australians were on board several of the other RAF aircraft flying anti submarine and anti shipping patrols. In addition, No. 455 Squadron took	took	VERB	part	NOUN	 part
Once the structures were modeled individually, they were all imported into a custom editor, called D3Edit, so that the designers could " glue everything together ". The D3Edit editor received constant updates because it initially did not feature an intuitive interface for designers. It was	was	AUX	not	PART	 not
Hamurabi is a text based strategy video game centered on resource management in which the player, identified in the text as the ancient Babylonian king Hammurabi, enters numbers in response to questions posed by the game. The resources that the player must manage are people, acres	acres	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
Postman claimed that Sesame Street also introduced children to a shallow pop culture, undermined American education, and relieved parents of their responsibility of teaching their children how to read. Since federal funds had been used to produce the show, more segments of the population insisted upon	upon	SCONJ	being	AUX	 being
In 1991 the University of Art and Design Helsinki founded the Institute of Design Leadership and Management and established an international training program. The International Design Management Conference was organized in the same year by them. In 1995 the Helsinki School of Economics (HSE), University	University	PROPN	of	ADP	 of
Ignoring Victorian and Edwardian grammar and structure, he created a unique form of speech, employing odd and strange words, jargon, avoiding verbs, and using rhetorical devices such as parataxis. Pound's relationship to music is essential to his poetry. Although he was tone	tone	NOUN	deaf	ADJ	 deaf
After regaining their power, the high priests at the temple of Amun in Thebes accumulated vast tracts of land and wealth, and their expanded power splintered the country during the Third Intermediate Period. Following the death of Ramesses XI in 1078 BC, Smendes assumed authority over	over	ADP	the	DET	 the
Crush received generally positive reviews, with aggregate scores of 83 out of 100 from Metacritic and 82% from Game Rankings. The game was highly praised for its innovative approach to gameplay. Ryan Davis of GameSpot appreciated Crush for owing " very little of its novel concept	concept	NOUN	to	ADP	 to
Historian Andrew Saunders has described the castle as architecturally significant, being " the earliest example of a purpose built gaol " in England. The earthworks of the Norman fort are owned by the National Trust and are also open to the public. The first castle at Lydford	Lydford	PROPN	was	AUX	 was
This washed out drawn match was the only time in six Shield matches during the season that Victoria did not emerge victorious, and they won the competition. Harvey ended the season with 405 runs at 33.75. By 1947 – 48, Brown had recovered, so Harvey	Harvey	PROPN	had	VERB	 had
According to historian James Westfall Thompson, Jerome “ strongly inveighed against this method of destroying the sense of a pagan author [and] his love of the classics and his Christian piety were alike offended. ” Another critic of the poem was Pope Gelasius I (492	492	NUM	–	PUNCT	 –
- Letter from Lieutenant J.F. Girardot, 43rd Light Infantry, to his father, 1 March 1852. The next morning, the schooner Lioness discovered one of the cutters, and after saving the occupants of the second boat made her way to the scene of the disaster	disaster	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
The icy caverns featured in the episode were constructed inside a warehouse which had previously been used for cold storage; and required the use of truckloads of lumber and 10,000 square feet (930 m2) of Styrofoam. The set would become one of the most expensive and	and	CCONJ	elaborate	ADJ	 elaborate
Named after the acid test for gold, it was developed in the spirit of Acid1, a relatively narrow test of compliance with the Cascading Style Sheets 1.0 (CSS1) standard, and was released on 13 April 2005. As with Acid1, an application passes the	the	DET	test	NOUN	 test
Paul Jacobi was ultimately allotted to France in early 1946 and renamed Desaix. She became operational later that year, but her service with the French Navy was fairly brief, with only cruises to French colonies in Africa during 1947 of note before she was paid off in	in	ADP	late	ADJ	 late
" Three games remained in the regular season and the Naps were a half game behind the Detroit Tigers as they headed into a October 2, 1908, match up against the Chicago White Sox, who trailed the Naps by one game. Game attendance was announced at	at	ADP	10,598	NUM	 10,598
Memorial Parkway so that travelers using the Continental Divide Snowmobile Trail could traverse between Bridger Teton National Forest and Yellowstone National Park. However, in 2009, winter use planners closed this since unguided snowmobile access into Yellowstone National Park was also discontinued. The Craig Thomas Discovery and	and	CCONJ	Visitor	PROPN	 Visitor
" He increased the pressure by sending his inspector general to confront Burnside, who reacted indignantly: " McClellan appears to think I am not trying my best to carry this bridge; you are the third or fourth one who has been to me this morning with similar	similar	ADJ	orders	NOUN	 orders
There were ominous signs: Japanese surface patrols had been stepped up in the Subic Bay area, and there were reports of Japanese destroyers heading north from the southern Philippines. MacArthur therefore elected not to wait for the Permit, but to leave as soon as possible,	,	PUNCT	by	ADP	 by
In addition, the persistent flower parts on B. epica's fruiting structures are curled and point upwards, whereas they are straight and point downwards on B. media. The first European to see B. epica was probably Edward John Eyre, the first explorer of the area,	,	PUNCT	who	PRON	 who
He was born at Basileion in Galatia to Basil and Theophano Galaton, members of the Byzantine nobility who supported the Macedonian dynasty. His given name at birth is unclear — it was traditional at that time, when becoming a monk, to take on a new name	name	NOUN	with	ADP	 with
At 5: 40 they opened fire again on the German battlecruisers. The setting sun blinded the German gunners and they could not make out the British ships and turned away to the northeast at 5: 47. Beatty gradually turned more towards the east to allow him	him	PRON	to	PART	 to
On March 24, Zahorchak's proposal for district wide reform will be put before the Allentown School Board. The plan for reform is based primarily on financial expectations within the district. While the plan calls for the hiring of new teachers who will not be full time	time	NOUN	and	CCONJ	 and
Debate about how to use the slough and its watershed continued through the rest of the century. In 1964, the Port of Portland, interested in industrial development, began to fill Smith, Bybee, and Ramsey lakes with dredge sands from the Columbia. In the	the	DET	1970s	NOUN	 1970s
During the Henderson's seventh troop transport voyage to France there was a fire on board on July 2, 1918, that resulted in the ship returning to the United States. All but one or two of those on board were rescued by the destroyers USS Mayrant (	(	PUNCT	DD	PROPN	DD
He was aware of the symbolic value of an Irish winner so soon after Ireland had gained independence, and sought to highlight the fact at each available opportunity. His reply to many of the letters of congratulations sent to him contained the words: " I consider that	that	SCONJ	this	DET	 this
In February, he led a much larger operation that captured Kufra. After the battle, he had his men swear an oath known today as the Serment de Koufra (" Oath of Kufra "): You shall not lay down arms, until the day when our	our	PRON	colours	NOUN	 colours
A Video Game Symphony video game music concerts in 2006, presenting the main theme, Frog's Theme, and To Far Away Times. Music from the game has also been performed in other video game concert tours such as the Video Games Live concert series and in	in	ADP	concerts	NOUN	 concerts
Live, Madness have collaborated with artists such as UB40 and Prince Buster, notably at their first Madstock concert. They have also played live frequently with members of the other 2 Tone bands, such as The Specials. In May 2008, Suggs and Carl performed live	live	ADV	with	ADP	 with
In the real world, it is revealed that Barreiro, a fellow comatose patient, has had his life support removed by Preijers. Nearby stands the mystery woman that Reyes encountered: Audrey Pauley. Doggett begins looking into ways to save Reyes, noting an anomaly in	in	ADP	her	PRON	 her
The ships ' complement was 145 officers and ratings. They were powered by two Parsons geared steam turbines, each driving one propeller shaft, using steam provided by three Admiralty 3 drum boilers that operated at a pressure of 300 psi (2,068 kPa; 21 kgf /	/	SYM	cm2	PROPN	 cm2
From Christine de Pizan to the present, women have looked to Joan as a positive example of a brave and active woman. She operated within a religious tradition that believed an exceptional person from any level of society might receive a divine calling. Some of her most	most	ADV	significant	ADJ	 significant
In 2003 it was ranked number 99 on Rolling Stone magazine's list of the 500 greatest albums of all time. Having achieved great success with their 1969 album Stand! and performance at Woodstock, Sly & the Family Stone were due to have submitted an album of	of	ADP	new	ADJ	 new
" Teika and Go Toba would have a close and productive relationship; Teika would be favored in such ways as being appointed by Go Toba as one of the six compilers (and de facto head compiler by virtue of his dedication and force of personality in addition to	to	ADP	his	PRON	 his
Subcosta (Sc) – second longitudinal vein, unbranched. Radius (R) – third longitudinal vein, branched to Rs in hind wing, unbranched in forewing. Media anterior (MA) – fourth longitudinal vein, branched in basal part as Media posterior (MP	MP	PROPN	)	PUNCT	)
Greenland was so impressed with the story that, without Clarke's knowledge, he sent an excerpt to his friend, the fantasy writer Neil Gaiman. Gaiman later said, " It was terrifying from my point of view to read this first short story that had so	so	ADV	much	ADJ	 much
No candidate gained more than half of the votes in the first round, while in the second round of the election, held on 30 March, Kocharyan won 58.9% of the vote. The British Helsinki Human Rights Group suggests that " ordinary Armenians turned to Robert	Robert	PROPN	Kocharian	PROPN	 Kocharian
His characters are revealed through their responses or a slight turn of phrase along the lines of the Norwegian Jonas Lie or the Russian Turgenev. He does not explain, he merely presents a picture, providing the reader with impressions, allowing him to read between the lines	lines	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
In May 1991, the Croatian National Guard (ZNG), subsequently renamed the Croatian Army (HV) in November, was formed as a result of growing support for the RSK from the Yugoslav People's Army (JNA) and the inability of the Croatian Police	Police	PROPN	to	PART	 to
The latter photograph has been uncritically accepted by many historians as documentation of the actual event, although a closer examination reveals that the wire cutters are made out of wood. Butcher also did not hestitate to retouch photos. He photographed a hill in Cherry County that had	had	AUX	been	AUX	 been
Comics studies courses have proliferated at Japanese universities, and Japan Society for Studies in Cartoon and Comics was established in 2001 to promote comics scholarship. The publication of Frederik L. Schodt's Manga! Manga! The World of Japanese Comics in 1983 led to the spread of	of	ADP	use	NOUN	 use
The game was published, however, resulting in the young developer's entry into the video game industry. Revolution Software was formed 4 years later. The reviewer for Amtix! magazine awarded the game a score of 64%, calling it "... an average,	,	PUNCT	if	SCONJ	 if
For the long finned pilot whale, females reach maturity at around eight years and males at around 12 years. Pilot whales emit echolocation clicks for foraging and whistles and burst pulses as social signals (e.g. to keep contact with members of their pod). With active	active	ADJ	behavior	NOUN	 behavior
It condemned the violence that resulted after the arrest that forced thousands of migrant workers to uproot themselves from various parts of Maharashtra. Loksatta criticised the television channels for their relentless replay of just two instances to portray the violent impact of his arrest. The edit blamed Hindi	Hindi	PROPN	channels	NOUN	 channels
The keys and time signatures are taken from the book on all cantatas by the Bach scholar Alfred Dürr, using the symbols for common time (4 / 4) and alla breve (2 / 2). The continuo, playing throughout, is not shown.	.	PUNCT	In	ADP	 In
Such struggles are not uncommon in priesthood. But after he resists the church boundaries and attempts to help Linda, his faith in the congregation and belief in the profession are restored, and he returns to the church a stronger and more content priest. The film demonstrates	demonstrates	VERB	the	DET	 the
At the Reko, Carlson learned that the local Christian mission had recently been raided by Japanese troops who had killed two of the missionaries before moving west. Pushing across the river with one platoon of troops, Carlson encountered a small group of Japanese who shot and severely	severely	ADV	wounded	VERB	 wounded
Both parts earned high ratings, with Part 1 breaking the record for a pilot episode with 18.6 million viewers, and the episode would later win many awards and accolades. On September 22, 2004, Jack Shephard (Matthew Fox) awakens disoriented in the jungle and	and	CCONJ	notices	VERB	 notices
About a year later, Mugabe deployed the North Korean trained 5 Brigade to Matabeleland, ZAPU's heartland, where it massacred thousands of civilians accused of supporting " dissidents " in what became called Gukurahundi. Meredith asserts that this far exceeded anything that had occurred during the	the	DET	Bush	PROPN	 Bush
UGO Networks listed Sam Witwer's performance as Starkiller as one of their top 11 celebrity voice actors in video games. Chris Buffa put Starkiller as the 19th top anti hero, commenting that " the thought of cutting through good guys as a Sith filled us with murderous	murderous	ADJ	joy	NOUN	 joy
Zahir appointed his eldest son Salibi as the multazim of Tiberias. Salibi was killed in 1773 fighting alongside Ali Bey's forces in Egypt. His death deeply distressed Zahir, who was around 80 years old at the time. He appointed Uthman in Kafr Kanna then Shefa-	Shefa-	VERB	'	PUNCT	 '
NCMPs do not represent any constituency and are thus denied of opportunities to expand their influence. During the 2010 debates, Sylvia Lim, then the sole NCMP in Parliament, commented that having NCMPs " make [s] a bad situation better, but increasing NCMPs is	is	AUX	not	PART	 not
While negotiations with the Pakistani air controllers drag on, the negotiators slowly lose control of the situation, with the hijackers becoming more agitated by the minute. Around 17 hours later, the plane loses auxiliary power, and the lights go out inside. Despite Neerja and	and	CCONJ	the	DET	 the
This method resembles the Ancient Greek practice of placing an obolus in the corpse's mouth to pay the toll to cross the River Styx in the underworld. It has been argued that instead, the coin was intended to ward off any evil spirits from entering the body	body	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
Dawson's Creek star Kerr Smith was cast as jock Carter Horton. Smith identified Carter as " your typical high school bully whose life depends on anger " and mentioned the fact that Carter feared Alex not having control of his own life. Kristen Cloke, Morgan's	's	PART	wife	NOUN	 wife
Happily reunited to his family, Rip looks forward to his declining years with a spirit born of peace and solace. " Frank H. Crane as Rip Van Winkle Marie Eline The production and an adaptation of Washington Irving's story of Rip Van Winkle. The stage adaptation	adaptation	NOUN	was	AUX	 was
Infinity on High has been compared to the work of pop punk bands such as Green Day, with Ann Powers of the Los Angeles Times commenting, " Whatever snot and feedback courses through these songs, sweetness always triumphs, carried forth by bubblegum bass lines, snappy	snappy	ADJ	drums	NOUN	 drums
Making good on his threat, from 12 April to 14 April, Mladić ordered his forces to surround 150 UNPROFOR peacekeepers, effectively taking them hostage. Mladić then telephoned General Rose and told him " that if NATO did not stop its actions, not one UN soldier	soldier	NOUN	would	AUX	 would
People of African and Native American heritage were even smaller in number (15,300), and make up just 0.1 percent of the total population. Hispanics and Latinos are the second largest group in Texas after non Hispanic European Americans. Over 8.5 million people claim Hispanic or	or	CCONJ	Latino	ADJ	 Latino
Initially, state and county officials anticipated building a freeway for the expressway south of Army Trail Road, similar to the existing freeway north of Army Trail Road. In 1979, Chicago mayor Jane Byrne canceled plans for the proposed Crosstown Expressway. Following the move, Congress	Congress	PROPN	gave	VERB	 gave
Divers provided the astronauts with Biological Isolation Garments (BIGs) which were worn until they reached isolation facilities on board the Hornet. Additionally, astronauts were rubbed down with a sodium hypochlorite solution and the Command Module wiped with Betadine to remove any lunar dust that might be	be	AUX	present	ADJ	 present
" In Arsenic and Old Lace (1944), a gravestone is seen bearing the name Archie Leach. According to a famous story now believed to be fictional, after seeing a telegram from a magazine editor to his agent asking, " How old Cary Grant?	?	PUNCT	"	PUNCT	 "
At one of the churches ' conventions in Clinton, Iowa, in 1884, the Danish farmer Rasmus Hansen of Elk Horn, Iowa, suggested that " the Danish Church should help all the families living around in cities, who would prefer living in the countryside,	,	PUNCT	where	SCONJ	 where
Despite this, and at Godley's urging, a further attack was planned for 12 October, this time using the New Zealand Division and the Australian 3rd Division. By now the ground was a sea of mud and a lack of preparation on the part of Godley	Godley	PROPN	's	PART	's
The following day, the depression intensified into a tropical storm at 0600 UTC. The tropical storm made landfall on the Mosquito Coast of Nicaragua at 1400 UTC, with winds of 40 mph (65 km / h). The cyclone weakened to a tropical depression over	over	ADP	land	NOUN	 land
The magical power of words extended to the written word. Hieroglyphic script was held to have been invented by the god Thoth, and the hieroglyphs themselves were powerful. Written words conveyed the full force of a spell. This was even true when the text was abbreviated	abbreviated	VERB	or	CCONJ	 or
As a married man, he could no longer stay enrolled at Pembroke and collect his scholarship money when his marriage and children were made apparent to the heads of the college. Newbery allowed Smart, along with his wife and their children, to live at Canonbury House	House	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
At the opening of the game, Ondore appears to have yielded to Archadian rule, though he secretly supports the resistance movement. He is being blackmailed by Vayne who forced him to announce the execution of Basch and the death of Ashe in an attempt to keep the	the	DET	resistance	NOUN	 resistance
These defences were accessed by a wall walk known as a chemin de ronde. In the opinion of historian Hugh Kennedy the defences of the outer wall were " the most elaborate and developed anywhere in the Latin east... the whole structure is a brilliantly designed and superbly	superbly	ADV	built	VERB	 built
The press and the directors ' VIP area are situated in the centre of the middle tier. The upper tiers of the stand extend over Trinity Road, the street that cuts behind the ground. Cars travelling along Trinity Road have to pass through what is effectively a	a	DET	tunnel	NOUN	 tunnel
" She as well notes that he is " endearing and smart. " Variety calls Phineas's adventures " spectacular. " Animation Insider reporter Aaron Bynum described him as a " wiz kid idea machine. " The Seattle Times wrote that both Phineas and Ferb were "	"	PUNCT	young	ADJ	 young
In " Nothing to My Name " and other songs, he intentionally altered the sounds of traditional Chinese musical instruments by mixing them with elements of rock music, such as electric guitar. He also purposely divorced his musical style from that of the revolutionary songs and proletarian	proletarian	ADJ	operas	NOUN	 operas
The depression initially moved to the southeast, but later recurved towards the northwest over the next two days. On September 4, the S.S. West Kebar en route for Boston, Massachusetts reported winds of 40 mph (65 km / h), which would be considered	considered	VERB	as	ADP	 as
To address the variability of the fuel economy outcome depending on miles driven between charges, EPA also included in the Volt's fuel economy label a table showing fuel economy and electricity consumed for five different scenarios driven between a full charge, and a never charge scenario.	.	PUNCT	According	VERB	 According
Shortly after peaking in intensity, the eye of Hurricane Howard gradually became larger, resulting in a slight weakening trend. After weakening to winds of 125 mph (200 km / h), the eye reached a diameter of about 30 miles (50 km),	,	PUNCT	and	CCONJ	 and
Interstellar space then continues to the edges of the galaxy, where it fades into the intergalactic void. Geospace is the region of outer space near Earth. Geospace includes the upper region of the atmosphere and the magnetosphere. The Van Allen radiation belt lies within the geospace	geospace	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
Contemporary theatre culture in Karnataka remains vibrant with organisations like Ninasam, Ranga Shankara, Rangayana and Prabhat Kalavidaru continuing to build on the foundations laid by Gubbi Veeranna, T. P. Kailasam, B. V. Karanth, K V Subbanna, Prasanna and others. Veeragase, Kamsale,	,	PUNCT	Kolata	PROPN	 Kolata
Instead of simply renewing the agreement, Gossard executives decided to negotiate better terms with Sara Lee. Soon after the negotiations started, something unexpected happened. In 1992, the plunge style became a hit with British women and sales took off. Between 1991 and 1993,	,	PUNCT	UK	PROPN	 UK
Confident that the results of the 1795 election would be reversed, Benjamin Logan was the first to declare his candidacy for the governorship in 1799. Garrard and Thomas Todd declared their respective candidacies soon after. Former U.S. Representative Christopher Greenup also sought the office. Many of	of	ADP	the	DET	 the
On his first attempt to locate the cruiser, Cutler, who did not have a compass, got lost and was forced to land on a desert island. On his second flight, he successfully located Königsberg, and a third flight with a Royal Navy observer confirmed	confirmed	VERB	his	PRON	 his
Walt Disney Productions first began exploring a possible live action / animation biography film of author and poet Hans Christian Andersen sometime in late 1937 before the December premiere of its film Snow White and the Seven Dwarfs, the first feature length hand drawn animated film ever made.	.	PUNCT	In	ADP	 In
Mustafa beg responded by bringing more than 10,000 soldiers under the fortress. General Ivan Lenković, leading 1,000 Uskoci, came in relief of the 1,500 Klis defenders. During the battle, Ivan Lenković and his men retreated after he was wounded in battle, and the fortress	fortress	NOUN	was	AUX	 was
Domesticated horses with leopard complex spotting patterns have been depicted in art dating as far back as Ancient Greece, Ancient Persia, and the Han Dynasty in China; later depictions appeared in 11th century France and 12th century England. French paintings from the 16th and 17th centuries	centuries	NOUN	show	VERB	 show
I want to help make a difference. " West's Memphis stint was not as spectacular as his Los Angeles stint, but he turned a franchise which was about to be sold into a reliable playoffs team, practically making no trades but getting the maximum from the	the	DET	players	NOUN	 players
In " Torn and Frayed, " as his penance, Castiel has turned back on his " angel radio " and travels around helping people who have need of help or healing. He demonstrates this by healing a sick infant that won't stop crying. After getting	getting	VERB	a	DET	 a
Iran is ranked among the world's 15 major mineral rich countries. Although the petroleum industry provides the majority of revenue, about 75% of all mining sector employees work in mines producing minerals other than oil and natural gas. These include coal, iron ore,	,	PUNCT	copper	NOUN	 copper
The killings were extensively covered by German media leading to forming of a public opinion in support of Croatia. By the end of 1991, Germany adopted support for diplomatic recognition of Croatia as its policy and duty. In 1990, following the electoral defeat of the government	government	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
Here, the route is known as the Admiral John D. Bulkeley Memorial Highway, named after Vice Admiral John D. Bulkeley, a United States Navy officer who served in World War II. In Mansfield Township, the road passes through the residential community of Anderson and intersects	intersects	VERB	County	PROPN	 County
Padukone has also been involved with the Olympic Gold Quest team, established by her father and Geet Sethi to support Indian athletes at the Olympic Games, along with sports personalities such as Leander Paes and Viswanathan Anand and several other actors. In 2013, she launched her	her	PRON	own	ADJ	 own
When the request was rejected by a judge, Seattle sued Bennett's group to enforce the lease that required the team to play in KeyArena through 2010. On July 2, 2008, a settlement was reached that allowed the team to move under certain conditions. In	In	ADP	months	NOUN	 months
He was born in Birmingham, and moved to London in 1889 to study at Trinity College of Music. After a brilliant studentship he did not pursue the classical career predicted for him, becoming musical director of the Vaudeville Theatre before gaining fame as a composer of light	light	ADJ	music	NOUN	 music
On 13 October 2014, Morrison received his fifth BMI Million Air Award for 11 million radio plays of the song Brown Eyed Girl making it one of the Top 10 Songs of all time on US radio and television. Morrison has also received Million Air awards for Have	Have	AUX	I	PRON	 I
Undrafted out of college, he signed with the Los Angeles Kings as a free agent. He spent four years in their minor league system playing for Phoenix and South Carolina. After a brief stint in the RHI, he joined the Wolves as a free agent.	.	PUNCT	As	ADP	 As
It comprises two segments, a 5.15 mile (8.29 km) freeway in Middlesex County linking Interstate 287 and the New Jersey Turnpike (Interstate 95) in Edison to the Outerbridge Crossing in Perth Amboy and a 8.18 mile (13.16 km) four lane divided highway in	in	ADP	Hudson	PROPN	 Hudson
It is not a high energy breed, and enjoys the company of family members, being primarily a lapdog. Although able to bond well with children and tolerant of them, it will not accept rough handling. It prefers not to be left alone for long periods	periods	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
" Her widowed mother moved in with director Roy Battersby when Beckinsale was nine and she was brought up alongside his four sons and daughter. She has a close relationship with her step father, who was a member of the Workers Revolutionary Party during her childhood. Beckinsale	Beckinsale	PROPN	helped	VERB	 helped
The concrete channel in this area is small and undersized for major floods, which caused it to overflow in the late 1990s and again in 2010. The Laguna Canyon area supports a variety of native Southern California wildlife, including large mammals such as mountain lions, bobcats	bobcats	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
" Hoochie Coochie Man " represents Waters ' recording transition from an electrified, but more traditional Delta based blues of the late 1940s – early 1950s to a newer Chicago blues ensemble sound. The song was important to Dixon's career and signaled a change as well –	–	PUNCT	Chess	PROPN	 Chess
After media attention, council issued a statement labelling it a slip hazard and requested a permit be obtained before it could be re chalked. The events were covered in The Daily Telegraph, The Australian, Perth Now, and on 2DAY FM. On April 17,	,	PUNCT	2013	NUM	 2013
The 1996 expedition controversially attempted to raise a section of Titanic itself, a section of the outer hull that originally comprised part of the wall of two First Class cabins on C Deck, extending down to D Deck. It weighed 20 tons, measured 15 by 25	25	NUM	feet	NOUN	 feet
He is nicknamed " Zeke " by Sawyer in " The Hunting Party ", which led to some critics using this name for him. In the season two finale " Live Together, Die Alone ", his name is revealed to be Tom. On his character	character	NOUN	's	PART	's
Afterward, the Poles went on to invade Galicia, with some success, but the offensive quickly stalled with heavy casualties. The Austrians also won a few battles but were hampered by the presence of Russian troops whose intentions were unclear and that did not allow them to	to	PART	advance	VERB	 advance
Another bridge was built over the creek in 1930. It is a concrete arch bridge that is 60.0 feet (18.3 m) long. In 1961, a prestressed box beam bridge was built across the creek. This bridge is 47.9 feet (14.6 m) long	long	ADV	.	PUNCT	.
This is the home of the headquarters for Commander, United States Naval Forces Central Command (COMUSNAVCENT) / United States Fifth Fleet (COMFIFTHFLT), and around 6,000 United States military personnel. Bahrain participates in Saudi Arabian led intervention in Yemen against the Shia Houthis and	and	CCONJ	forces	NOUN	 forces
The song was inspired by a retired film director who lived in the small town near San Diego where Chris Hillman grew up. John S. Robertson was something of an eccentric figure around the town, regularly wearing a Stetson hat and sporting a white handlebar moustache, which	which	PRON	gave	VERB	 gave
The gravestones were originally topped with a sculptural evocation of the V shaped Serbian military cap, or šajkača. After Vukovar's reintegration into Croatia, the gravestones were repeatedly vandalised. The Serb community replaced them with more neutral gravestones without overt military connotations. Vukovar Serbs report	report	VERB	feeling	VERB	 feeling
A series of Acts of Parliament were passed, including the Regulating Act of 1773, Pitt's India Act of 1784 and the Charter Act of 1813 which regulated the Company's affairs and established the sovereignty of the Crown over the territories that it had acquired. The	The	DET	Company	NOUN	 Company
As with previous titles in the series, players have the opportunity to develop and improve their characters by defeating enemies and acquiring items, though the traditional experience point system is replaced by a new system called the " Sphere Grid ". Instead of characters gaining pre determined	determined	ADJ	statistic	ADJ	 statistic
There exists strong evidence that RIRP holds tightly among emerging markets in Asia and also Japan. The half life period of deviations from RIRP have been examined by researchers and found to be roughly six or seven months, but between two and three months for certain countries.	.	PUNCT	Such	ADJ	 Such
In the South Tower, one stairwell, Stairwell A, was left intact after Flight 175 hit, allowing 14 people located on the floors of impact (including one man who saw the plane coming at him) and four more from the floors above to escape.	.	PUNCT	New	PROPN	 New
Jackson complained: " never was there such a chance for cavalry! Oh that my cavalry were in place! " The exhausted infantry were forced forward again, while Lieutenant Sandie Pendleton of Jackson's staff was sent to find Steuart. Pendleton eventually found Steuart and gave	gave	VERB	him	PRON	 him
Stefani's clothing also took influence from Japanese fashion, in a style described as a combination between Christian Dior and Japan. The dancers are featured in her music videos, press coverage, and on the album cover for Love. Angel. Music. Baby.,	,	PUNCT	with	ADP	 with
Astronomers had considered the " law " a meaningless coincidence, but Uranus fell at very nearly the exact distance it predicted. Since Bode's law also predicted a body between Mars and Jupiter that at that point had not been observed, astronomers turned their attention to that	that	DET	region	NOUN	 region
Valérian has also been nominated for a Haxtur Award in 1995 for The Circles of Power and for a Harvey Award in 2005 for The New Future Trilogy, an English language compilation of three of the albums. Valérian first appeared on 9 November 1967 in issue # 420	420	NUM	of	ADP	 of
Except where prefixed with a letter, postmiles were measured on the road as it was in 1964, based on the alignment that existed at the time, and do not necessarily reflect current mileage. R reflects a realignment in the route since then, M indicates a	a	DET	second	ADJ	 second
The team upsized the graphic textures as they changed the graphical software to support NVIDIA graphics cards. Within a year after development started in 1999, the initial minimum graphics specification climbed from requiring Voodoo 1 graphics cards to those of the GeForce series. Planet Moon deemed game	game	NOUN	engines	NOUN	 engines
The DS version was released on May 22 in North America, July 25 in Europe, and on August 3 in Australia. The PC version was released on June 8 in Europe and July 3 in North America, and included a limited edition. Online matchmaking and	and	CCONJ	the	DET	 the
" Bitch I'm Madonna " has musical elements from DJ Snake and Lil Jon's " Turn Down for What " (2013) with Madonna's vocals reminiscent of singer Miley Cyrus ' autotuned rapping. The song has a tearing sound alongside the " bleepy electro "	"	PUNCT	and	CCONJ	 and
When horses graze under natural conditions, they may spend up to 18 hours per day doing so. However, on modern irrigated pastures, they may have their nutritional needs for forage met in as little as three hours per day, depending on the quality of grass	grass	NOUN	available	ADJ	 available
The Americans, in contrast, suffered only 8 killed and 22 wounded. Gardner was criticized by Prevost for the mauling his detachment received because he strayed too far from his boats. It was not Gardner's fault, however, that he had no Loyalist support.	.	PUNCT	The	DET	 The
The bootleg sold several tens of thousands of copies, orders of magnitude more than a typical classical or opera bootleg, and its success resulted in the official release of the live album Get Yer Ya Ya's Out! later in the year. " Dub " was	was	AUX	one	NUM	 one
In the episode " Requiem ", Oliver takes controlling interest in LuthorCorp after Tess Mercer (Cassidy Freeman), Lex's handpicked successor for LuthorCorp, sells him the company. As a result, Lex attempts to kill him. Oliver tracks Lex down and blows up	up	ADP	the	DET	 the
However, some critics believe that Swift used the incident to " enlarge the affair into another example of English oppression of the Irish. " Swift wrote in a letter to Motte on 25 May 1736: the cruel oppressions of this kingdom by England are not to be	be	AUX	borne	VERB	 borne
The United States Environmental Protection Agency (EPA) filed two formal objections to the road. In response, the Michigan Department of Environmental Quality (DEQ), the state level agency handling the permit application, opened a public comment period and held a public hearing on	on	ADP	the	DET	 the
In Re Hay's ST, Megarry VC said that: A mere power is very different [from an ordinary trust obligation]. Normally the trustee is not bound to exercise it, and the court will not compel him to do so. That, however,	,	PUNCT	does	AUX	 does
However, even if the direction of selection does reverse in this way, traits that were lost in the past may not re evolve in an identical form (see Dollo's law). Natural selection within a population for a trait that can vary across a range	range	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
The song was nominated for the Best Female Pop Vocal Performance at the 2003 Grammy Awards. Two variations of the music video were released, one for the original and the other for the Darkchild Remix. Staggered to fit the varying release dates of Crossroads internationally, "	"	PUNCT	I	PRON	 I
Voltaire may have been present at his funeral. A bachelor, he had divested much of his estate to relatives during his last years, and died intestate. His papers went to John Conduitt and Catherine Barton. After his death, Newton's hair was examined and	and	CCONJ	found	VERB	 found
Revelations from software produced by Virgil Griffith in 2007 called WikiScanner made public the nature of edits on Wikipedia which were able to be traced directly back to Church of Scientology controlled computers. CBS News and The Independent reported that edits by the Church of Scientology were made in	in	ADP	attempts	NOUN	 attempts
She was commissioned on 24 November 1940. After a very brief work up, the Fairey Albacore torpedo bombers of 826 and 829 Squadrons and the Fairey Fulmar fighters of 803 Squadron flew aboard and she joined the Home Fleet at Scapa Flow on 12 December. Her stay	stay	NOUN	there	PRON	 there
Towards the end of this phase of work the castle was altered in a frantic burst of work, possibly driven on by pressure from the King himself. The height of the curtain wall was increased, the gatehouse extended into an entrance bastion, a new network of	of	ADP	underground	ADJ	 underground
In Ondekoza and in the early performances of Kodo, women performed only dance routines either during or between taiko performances. Thereafter, female participation in kumi daiko started to rise dramatically, and by the 1990s, women equaled and possibly exceeded representation by men. While the	the	DET	proportion	NOUN	 proportion
After repairs, she joined Task Group 51 under Rear Admiral Harry W. Hill for an attack on Darrit, steaming for that island on 23 January and arriving 30 January. After shelling the island for 30 minutes, it was discovered no Japanese were ashore. She then	then	ADV	moved	VERB	 moved
Feeling empowered again, Leslie asks Jerry to quickly paint another, similar painting, only this time with Tom as the centaur. Leslie tells Marcia the new painting is the original one but painted over. With no more nudity in the painting, a frustrated Marcia gives	gives	VERB	up	ADP	 up
" Flight attendant Sandra Bradshaw called her husband at 09: 50: 04 and told him she was preparing scalding water to throw at the hijackers. Passenger Lauren Grandcolas called her husband twice, once before takeoff and once during the hijacking. He missed both of her	her	PRON	calls	NOUN	 calls
Though immunity is a concern for transplant recipients, Ritvo remains healthy even though surrounded by horses, dogs, and all of the conditions typical of horse stables. In 2010, starting horses in 53 races for the year, she also took over the training of then	then	ADV	two	NUM	 two
He sent a Roman centurion by the name of Casperius to the camp of Vologases I in Nisibis located 37 miles (60 km) from Tigranocerta with the demand to raise the siege. Because of a recent locust storm and the scarcity of fodder for his horses Vologases	Vologases	NOUN	I	PRON	 I
Later, while being prepared for transfer to maximum security, Michael escapes Smith's Grove, killing the sanitarium employees and a truck driver for his clothes, and makes his way back to Haddonfield. On Halloween, Michael arrives at his now abandoned childhood home, where	where	SCONJ	he	PRON	 he
The song became a staple of dance clubs and discothèques during the late 1970s. " After the Dance " was hailed as one of Gaye's signature songs during the late 1970s and was later described by Gaye biographer David Ritz as " emblematic for the final chapter of	of	ADP	his	PRON	 his
The scene was so bloody it made Cranston's daughter faint during a screening. A major theme of " Box Cutter ", and the entire fourth season, involved Walter's gradual change into a darker character who becomes more proactively violent and dangerous. The episode also	also	ADV	illustrates	VERB	 illustrates
Cornet Francis Geary, the leader of a company of dragoons, was shot in an ambush set up by local militiamen. After British forces captured New York City in the first part of the New York and New Jersey campaign, they established outposts throughout central New Jersey	Jersey	PROPN	.	PUNCT	.
Metcalfe observed that Mercedes is " completely mad " and she " just does whatever she feels like doing at the time. She doesn't exactly think things through ". Metcalfe further explained that Mercedes did not " consider consequences ", which led her to unintentionally "	"	PUNCT	destroy	VERB	 destroy
In order to be able to run for office, a candidate must be a Belarusian citizen by birth that is over thirty five years old. The candidate must also reside within the Republic for ten years and he or she must be able to cast a ballot legally	legally	ADV	.	PUNCT	.
The remixed version charted at sixty five on the Billboard Hot 100, and topped the Hot Dance Club Songs chart. It also charted in Australia and its Urban chart, the Czech Republic, New Zealand, while it bubbled under the main charts of Belgium. A	A	DET	music	NOUN	 music
The Vikings exerted great influence over Lincolnshire in the 9th and 10th centuries, as can be seen in the many local place names ending in -by, such as Navenby. Names ending with -by meant homestead or village. Archaeological investigations around Navenby indicate the area has been	been	AUX	occupied	VERB	 occupied
Butler also wondered " if they feel their show served its purpose ". The first episode of the series was seen by 3.7 million viewers, making it UPN's most watched piece of regularly scheduled programming in the 9 pm Tuesday timeslot since March 2004. The second	second	ADJ	episode	NOUN	 episode
Paleontologist Jack Horner supervised the designs, to help fulfill Spielberg's desire to portray the dinosaurs as animals rather than monsters. This led to the entry of certain concepts about dinosaurs, such as the theory that dinosaurs evolved into birds and had very little in common with	with	ADP	lizards	NOUN	 lizards
This offer was declined and Bourgeois bequeathed the collection to his old school, Dulwich College, on his death. The collection opened in Britain's first purpose built public gallery, the Dulwich Picture Gallery, in 1814. The Scottish dealer William Buchanan and another collector,	,	PUNCT	Joseph	PROPN	 Joseph
He claimed in 2006 that he had simply lost his appetite for Test cricket and the stress became too much for him. Boycott's biographer, McKinstry, speculates that the self imposed exile may also have been linked to the appointments of Mike Denness and then Tony Greig	Greig	PROPN	to	ADP	 to
Between 1350 and 1500 an average of 50 fulling mills were operational. The reduced number was due to the unsettled state of the country before, during and after the Glyndŵr Rising (1400 – 15). The quality of wool depended on the local breeds of sheep	sheep	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
At 10: 55, the Ottoman cruiser Mecidiye spotted the Greeks, and the fleet turned south to engage them. A long range artillery duel that lasted for two hours began at around 11: 55, when the Ottoman fleet opened fire at a range of 8,000	8,000	NUM	m	NOUN	 m
Jon Dolan of Rolling Stone gave a positive review to the song, describing it as West's best single since " Stronger ", writing that West " rides a torrid whipsaw beat, as he takes on his spelunking media image, pinballing from self aware ('	'	PUNCT	I	PRON	 I
The large Poitevin mares became rarer, due to large amounts of crossbreeding and a lack of care shown towards breeding stock selection. Thoroughbreds and Thoroughbred crosses, especially at the stud farms in Saint Maixent and La Roche sur Yon, created the Anglo Poitevin type, a	a	DET	half	NOUN	 half
The fourth song is " Breakin ' Dishes "; Peter Robinson of The Observer called it a " wronged woman bonanza, packed with hooks, chants and flashes of lyrical brilliance. " " Shut Up and Drive " is a new wave and pop rock song,	,	PUNCT	influenced	VERB	 influenced
" In his report, Lord Fraser set out a number of recommendations stemming from the inquiry. Primarily, in terms of design selection and when using an international architect linking with a Scottish based firm, the report advised that a full analysis of the compatibility of different	different	ADJ	working	VERB	 working
" The Queensland press, still in the wake of the massacre, suggested that Wills, " now a Queenslander ", be approached to captain the colony's cricket team. Different reasons were put forward at the time to account for the Wills tragedy. For many	many	ADJ	colonists	NOUN	 colonists
Amongst the brought in pieces in the house are two South German reliefs, " The Martyrdoms of St Catherine and St Sebastian ", from an altar of the early 16th century. There are also a series of panels in the Floris style, probably Flemish and with	with	ADP	a	DET	 a
Speedy then underwent another refit, this time at Deptford between June and December 1792, at a cost of £3,000, and was recommissioned in November 1792 under Commander Charles Cunningham. Cunningham had previously been serving in the East Indies in command of the 16 gun sloop	sloop	NOUN	HMS	PROPN	 HMS
Males emerge first, mate with the females, and cut exit holes through the walls of the fig. The male flowers mature around the same time as the female wasps emerge. The newly emerged female wasps actively pack their bodies with pollen from the male flowers before	before	ADP	leaving	VERB	 leaving
Characterized by white washed tombs and sandy graves, the cemetery is located within the Medina on land adjacent to the Mellah. As one of the principal tourist cities in Africa, Marrakesh has over 400 hotels. Mamounia Hotel is a five star hotel in the Art Deco	Deco	PROPN	Moroccan	ADJ	 Moroccan
Gordon Stein also noted that the gap between the two balconies was only four feet making passing between them entirely feasible. Joseph McCabe wrote regarding the alleged levitation: No one professes to have seen Home carried from window to window. Home told the three men who were	were	AUX	present	ADJ	 present
Possibly descended from the Irish Hobby horse, it originally lived a mainly feral existence in the peat bogs of what is now County Kerry in southwestern Ireland. Local inhabitants used the ponies as pack and cart horses for transporting peat and kelp to the villages. The breed	breed	NOUN	developed	VERB	 developed
Most of the book is devoted to pesticides ' effects on natural ecosystems, but four chapters also detail cases of human pesticide poisoning, cancer, and other illnesses attributed to pesticides. About DDT and cancer, the subject of so much subsequent debate, Carson says only	only	ADV	a	DET	 a
The novel was adapted as a comic strip that was published in the Daily Express newspaper and syndicated worldwide. The adaptation was written by Henry Gammidge and illustrated by John McLusky, and ran daily from 30 March to 8 August 1959. Titan Books reprinted the strip in	in	ADP	2005	NUM	 2005
The trailers were omitted from Death Proof, with the exception of Machete which was from Planet Terror. Death Proof was released on September 18, 2007, with Planet Terror following on October 16, 2007. Both were two disc special editions featuring extended versions of the	the	DET	films	NOUN	 films
Because Eris appeared to be larger than Pluto, NASA initially described it as the Solar System's tenth planet. This, along with the prospect of other objects of similar size being discovered in the future, motivated the International Astronomical Union (IAU) to define the	the	DET	term	NOUN	 term
The remarkable find during this period was of pits which were inferred as dwelling units; these were in circular or oval shape dug in compact natural Karewa soil formation. Some of the deep pits had steps and ladder access to the bottom level. In some of the	the	DET	pits	NOUN	 pits
When queried by an interviewer about the reveal of Chad's sexuality, Divins said the show would include clear representations of " male intimacy ". Divins described feeling uncomfortable shooting the scenes related the storylines, but viewed it as the perfect opportunity to sharpen his skills as	as	ADP	an	DET	 an
Then 52 years old, Gascoyne had started life as a Houndsditch brewer before he married the daughter of a wealthy physician. He had progressed through the ranks to become Master of the Brewer's Company, then served as Alderman of Vintry Ward, Sheriff of London,	,	PUNCT	and	CCONJ	 and
On 23 September 1943, two British X class midget submarines penetrated the defences around the battleship's main anchorage at Kaafjord in northern Norway during Operation Source, and placed explosive charges in the water beneath her. This attack caused extensive damage to Tirpitz, putting her out	out	ADP	of	ADP	 of
Holly, a neighbour of Laine's, joined Wings in time to appear in the promotional video for London Town's lead single, " With a Little Luck ", having turned down a position with Elton John's band. According to Wings biographer Garry McGee,	,	PUNCT	Juber	PROPN	 Juber
The album debuted at number 1 in the UK on 7 December 1968. It spent seven weeks at the top of the UK charts (including the entire competitive Christmas season), until it was replaced by the Seekers ' Best of the Seekers on 25 January 1969	1969	NUM	,	PUNCT	,
The director worked 17 to 18 hours a day, seven days a week, for much of the schedule. Del Toro took a new approach to directing actors, allowing " looser " movements and improvisation; the director maintained tight control over the production: " Everything	Everything	PRON	,	PUNCT	,
Each of the censors reversed their positions: those who had previously seen the breast now did not, and those who had not, now did. They passed the film after the director removed one shot that showed the buttocks of Leigh's stand in. The board	board	NOUN	was	AUX	 was
In an interview with Owen Myers of Popjustice, Jesy Nelson said the music video will be continued on their 2013 DNA Tour. Capital London called the video " edgy ". A writer for Cool FM said that the music video is " amazing " and that it	it	PRON	does	AUX	 does
Rights and wrongs aside, Meintjes asserts, Kruger is the central figure of Boer history and one of the " most extraordinary " of South Africans. Following the Union of South Africa under Botha in 1910, Kruger remained " a vital force in South African politics and	and	CCONJ	Afrikaner	ADJ	 Afrikaner
She accused him of physically abusing her from the time of her first pregnancy, beating his first child only days after its birth (the child was later found to be " brain damaged "), and suggesting that during his prison sentence she should be confined to	to	ADP	a	DET	 a
In an unusual move, Boston College athletic director Gene DeFillippo announced that if Jagodzinski went ahead with an interview, he would be fired as head coach of the Boston College football team. DeFillippo previously stated that a five year contract with Jagodzinski, signed in 2007,	,	PUNCT	was	AUX	 was
In November 1677, Anne's elder sister, Mary, married their Dutch first cousin, William of Orange, at St James's Palace, but Anne could not attend the wedding because she was confined to her room with smallpox. By the time she recovered,	,	PUNCT	Mary	PROPN	 Mary
The player targets enemies by pressing the pound key and then pressing " 5 " repeatedly, which also leaves the character vulnerable. Players can run faster than the cars can drive. Saints Row 2 is a mobile tie in action game modeled after the Saints Row 2	2	NUM	console	NOUN	 console
Soon after, Wander goes on to defeat the final colossus as Emon's company arrives in the Shrine of Worship to witness the last temple idol crumble. With a paled and horned Wander appearing soon, Emon orders his warriors to kill the " possessed " man as	as	SCONJ	he	PRON	 he
During the 1988 presidential election, Kennedy supported the eventual Democratic nominee, Massachusetts Governor Michael Dukakis, from the start of the campaign. In the fall, Dukakis lost to George H. W. Bush, but Kennedy won re election to the Senate over Republican Joseph D. Malone	Malone	PROPN	in	ADP	 in
It is revealed at the end that Surya successfully installed Guru Govind Patel as the Prime Minister of India. Surya is last seen recuperating in a hospital in the company of Chitra, who accepts his proposal. Principal cast Mahesh Babu as Vijay Surya Kajal Aggarwal as Chitra	Chitra	PROPN	Bhardwaj	PROPN	 Bhardwaj
Two large lakes, called meres, were formed alongside the castle by damming a local stream. The southern mere, still visible today, had its origins in a smaller, natural lake; once dammed, it covered 9.4 hectares (23 acres) and had an	an	DET	island	NOUN	 island
" The animators also found it difficult to draw Mr Burns happy. Kramer stated that Burns was " designed to look like a vulture " and look " evil all the time ", so in order to make Burns look happy and more sympathetic, the animators had	had	VERB	to	PART	 to
Oxford were coached by Tom Cottingham Edwards Moss (who rowed for the Dark Blues four times between the 1875 and the 1878 races) and William Grenfell (who rowed for Oxford in 1877, 1878 and was non rowing boat club president in 1879). The umpire	umpire	NOUN	for	ADP	 for
Stern said, " This music does absolutely nothing for me. Alvin and the Chipmunks have more soul... Spanish people have the worst taste in music. They have no depth. " Stern's comments outraged and infuriated the Hispanic community in Texas. Stern played Selena	Selena	PROPN	's	PART	's
With prices more unstable since 2007, by February 2013, he had had to write 14 such letters to chancellors. Having taken over in August 2013, Governor Mark Carney wrote his first open letter in February 2015 to explain why inflation had fallen below 1% for	for	ADP	the	DET	 the
Many authors have referred to as many as 28,000 Confederate casualties, and Busey and Martin's more recent 2005 work, Regimental Strengths and Losses at Gettysburg, documents 23,231 (4,708 killed, 12,693 wounded, 5,830 captured or missing). Nearly a third of Lee's	's	PART	general	ADJ	 general
I had been through the shadows. I had been through the enclosures and come out into the open. " Nevelson also praised new materials like plexiglas and cor ten steel, which she described as a " blessing ". She embraced the idea of her works being	being	AUX	able	ADJ	 able
This makes the Milky Way difficult to see from any brightly lit urban or suburban location, but very prominent when viewed from a rural area when the Moon is below the horizon. The new world atlas of artificial night sky brightness shows that more than one third of	of	ADP	Earth	PROPN	 Earth
She later wrote that at the age of 15 she ran away to join a funfair, and then lived in a cardboard box under Waterloo Station for four months, although Stapley denied this by saying that she occasionally left home at weekends to travel with a young man	man	NOUN	who	PRON	 who
When the PDPA ruled Afghanistan, their relationship was referred to as a disciple (Amin) following his mentor (Taraki). This official portrayal of the situation was misleading; their relationship was more work oriented. Taraki needed Amin's " tactical and strategic talents "	"	PUNCT	;	PUNCT	;
" On hearing of Mickiewicz's death, his fellow bard Krasiński wrote: " For men of my generation, he was milk and honey, gall and life's blood: we all descend from him. He carried us off on the surging billow of his inspiration	inspiration	NOUN	and	CCONJ	 and
The company was established in May 1991 as Bungie Software Products Corporation by University of Chicago undergraduate student Alex Seropian, who later brought in programmer Jason Jones after publishing Jones ' game Minotaur: The Labyrinths of Crete. Originally based in Chicago, Illinois, the company concentrated	concentrated	VERB	primarily	ADV	 primarily
The following two weeks, Gourcuff scored his fifth and sixth goals, respectively, against Nantes in a 2 – 1 victory and Lille in a 2 – 2 draw. After going goalless in the league for seven straight weeks, Gourcuff got back on track scoring against	against	ADP	relegation	NOUN	 relegation
The next day, the last act of his reign was the royal assent to His Majesty's Declaration of Abdication Act 1936. As required by the Statute of Westminster, all the Dominions consented to the abdication. On the night of 11 December 1936, Edward,	,	PUNCT	now	ADV	 now
Kingdom Hearts Collector's Pack: HD 1.5 + 2.5 Remix: The Collector's pack features both Kingdom Hearts HD 1.5 Remix and Kingdom Hearts HD 2.5 Remix, a code to get an Anniversary Set for Kingdom Hearts χ, music, and a booklet with art from	from	ADP	the	DET	 the
In Afton village, NY 41 connects to I 88 by way of an eastward extension of Maple Avenue. NY 41 turns northwest at this junction, following Maple Avenue across the Susquehanna River and into the center of the village. Here, NY 41 briefly overlaps with	with	ADP	NY	PROPN	 NY
Barber had prepared three versions of the design, each with clouds over the eagle; Leech approved one on October 31 and ordered working dies prepared, but then began to question the presence of the clouds, and had two more versions made. On November 6,	,	PUNCT	President	PROPN	 President
In addition, winners had their names appear in the game's credits and received a free copy of the game when it was released. To ensure that the audio does not become repetitive, Crash: Mind over Mutant features more than 8,500 lines of dialogue. Many	Many	ADJ	of	ADP	 of
The elevation near the mouth of Hunlock Creek is 512 feet (156 m) above sea level. The elevation near the creek's source is between 1,140 and 1,160 feet (347 and 354 m) above sea level. The creek's elevation decreases at a rate	rate	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
Shortly after the launch of the game, a group of former Team Bondi employees launched a website called lanoirecredits.com, containing over 100 names which had been excluded or incorrectly listed in the official game credits. This was later followed by a series of claims and counter claims	claims	NOUN	about	ADP	 about
Like a train ride you couldn't stop. " In a limousine on the way to the airport Moon insisted they return to their hotel, saying " I forgot something. " At the hotel he ran back to his room, grabbed the television and threw it	it	PRON	out	ADP	 out
A 2014 paper derives an angular diameter of 42.28 mas (equivalent to a 41.01 mas uniform disc) using H and K band observations made with the VLTI AMBER instrument. Central to this discussion is another paper published in 2009 by the Berkeley team, led by Charles	Charles	PROPN	Townes	PROPN	 Townes
She was commissioned into the High Seas Fleet on 12 May 1903. The ship was 105 meters (344 ft) long overall and had a beam of 12.4 m (41 ft) and a draft of 4.99 m (16.4 ft) forward. She displaced 3,180	3,180	NUM	t	NOUN	 t
To raise the money for the $3.7 million admission tax, Glickman associated himself to real estate magnates Bob Schmertz of New Jersey, Larry Weinberg of Los Angeles and Herman Sarkowsky of Seattle. Two weeks later, on February 24, team management held a contest to	to	PART	select	VERB	 select
Early on August 2, a well defined tropical wave, although accompanied with disorganized convection, exited the west coast of Africa. Located in a region of low wind shear and warm waters of 79 – 81° F (26 – 27° C), a	a	DET	low	ADJ	 low
This practice was ended by the Treason Act 1695, passed during the reign of King William III. The Act required that all peers be summoned as Triers. All subsequent trials were held before the full House of Lords. In the House of Lords, technically called	called	VERB	the	DET	 the
Barber, who had been Chief Engraver since 1879, felt that Saint Gaudens overstated the case, and there was only one man capable of such coinage work — Barber himself. Leech responded to the failed competition by directing Barber to prepare new designs for the dime,	,	PUNCT	quarter	NOUN	 quarter
President Kennedy issued a disaster declaration for Texas, allowing all jurisdictions in the state to apply for public assistance. The president also declared 6 parishes in Louisiana a disaster area. Helicopters deployed 88 United States Marines to Galveston to patrol devastated areas. A United States Navy	Navy	PROPN	task	NOUN	 task
These points are calculated as the sum of card values in baza, bonus points for declarations and the final trick bonus. The values of cards are associated with their ranks: The rest of the cards (7 6 5 4 2) are called cartas blancas (	(	PUNCT	white	ADJ	white
Fox, which was already contacted by Gordon in 1987, received $1 million of the gross — the Watchmen adaptation was finally released in March 2009. In August 1986, producer Lawrence Gordon acquired the film rights to Watchmen for 20th Century Fox, with producer Joel	Joel	PROPN	Silver	PROPN	 Silver
A few days later, the monitor was transferred to Washington, D. C. and used to temporarily incarcerate some of the suspected conspirators after the assassination of President Lincoln. She was decommissioned in June and recommissioned in early 1869 for service in the Caribbean and off the coast	coast	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
When the Forest Law was repealed, the " small greyhounds " became immensely popular. Whippets were then commonly known as " snap dogs " for their tendency to " snap up " nearby prey. In the picture by Jean Baptiste Oudry (1686 – 1755) of	of	ADP	two	NUM	 two
Heather Phares of AllMusic felt that while Give Up did not measure up to either Gibbard or Tamborello's main projects, it was nonetheless " far more consistent and enjoyable than might be expected. " Michaelangelo Matos of Rolling Stone described the album as " a cuddly little	little	ADJ	new	ADJ	 new
Designed as an air superiority day fighter, it evolved into a successful all weather multirole aircraft. Over 4,500 aircraft have been built since production was approved in 1976. Although no longer being purchased by the U.S. Air Force, improved versions are still being built for export	export	NOUN	customers	NOUN	 customers
Tim Sendra of AllMusic said it was one of the tracks from Doo Wops & Hooligans that captured the laid back groove. Scott Mervis of Pittsburgh Post Gazette described the song as a " Jason Mraz / Sugar Ray style reggae. " Sean Fennessey, reviewer of The	The	DET	Washington	PROPN	 Washington
Many mobile spin offs are related to Persona 3: there is an RPG side story titled Persona 3 Em, an action game prequel set ten years prior to Persona 3 titled Aegis: The First Mission, and an alternate version of Persona 3 featuring different characters titled	titled	VERB	Persona	PROPN	 Persona
The New York Supreme Court dismissed both the lawsuit and a countersuit by Gaga. In addition to such strife, Gaga was tested borderline positive for lupus, but claimed not to be affected by the symptoms. The singer addressed the matter in an interview with Larry King	King	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
These may include Auspitz's sign (pinpoint bleeding when scale is removed), Koebner phenomenon (psoriatic skin lesions induced by trauma to the skin), and itching and pain localized to papules and plaques. The cause of psoriasis is not fully understood, but a	a	DET	number	NOUN	 number
Credits for Heat, adapted from the CD liner notes: Executive producer - Beyoncé Knowles, Moe Cohen Vocals - Knowles Mastering - Tom Coyne Producers - Knowles, Chink Santana, Achillies Sparta, Peter Krakczar, Catalyst, Frank DeMaria, Anthony Saputo, Peace Bisquit Remix	Remix	PROPN	Coordination	PROPN	 Coordination
He then opens his old Christmas present (a flotation device) and putting it in a pool. A furious Gloria angry at Manny not wanting to go his own party shoots the flotation device with a BB gun Jay gave him. In the car, Jay finally	finally	ADV	tells	VERB	 tells
Gold was also discovered in Lytle Creek in that same year. Following the gold rush, the cultivation of citrus became the mainstay of the economy of the lower Santa Ana River area. Through the late 19th century, citrus fields covered much of the coastal plain and	and	CCONJ	led	VERB	 led
Written by Blu Sanders, Natalie Hemby, and Lindsay Chapman, and produced by Dann Huff, it features country music singer Vince Gill on backing vocals. The song premiered on WSIX FM radio station on October 29, 2012, and was made available for purchase on	on	ADP	iTunes	PROPN	 iTunes
Chicago Options Associates is a finance company incorporated in Chicago, Illinois which specializes in trading options and futures contracts. It was founded in 1987 by Michael E. Davis (a 1983 MBA graduate from the University of Chicago) and Oliver R. W. Pergams, who received a	a	DET	bachelor	NOUN	 bachelor
Paula Vitaris from Cinefantastique gave the episode a moderately positive review and awarded it two and a half stars out of four. Vitaris noted that the episode did " an adequate job, but all in all, this is a filler episode, more substitutes than the real	real	ADJ	thing	NOUN	 thing
At the same time an analysis by Robert Stevick suggests that the designs for both covers were intended to follow a sophisticated geometric scheme of compass and straightedge constructions using the " two true measures of geometry ", the ratio between Pythagoras ' constant and one, and the	the	DET	golden	ADJ	 golden
Soon after Flocke was rescued in January, the city secured branding rights to her name. An official logo was subsequently released by the zoo. Flocke became part of a major publicity campaign in Nuremberg when she was depicted along with the phrase " Knut war gestern "	"	PUNCT	(	PUNCT	 (
His father accepted a position as professor and director of the Institute of Physiology at the University of Kiel in 1912, and the family moved into the director's apartment at the Institute. He was initially schooled privately by a professional teacher as part of a group of	of	ADP	eight	NUM	 eight
More recently Francesca Tinti has arrived at a different conclusion, arguing instead that Hemming's work, more so than the Liber Wigorniensis, came to serve very real needs, and that these specifically concerned the monastic community at Worcester. Although the Prefatio is silent about monks	monks	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
The legal burden, on the other hand, would be on the Respondent to prove beyond a reasonable doubt that the impugned statement does not constitute fair criticism, and that it presents a real risk of undermining public confidence in the administration of justice. If, however	however	ADV	,	PUNCT	,
The firm was first rocked by scandal on May 12, 1986, when Dennis Levine, a Drexel managing director and investment banker, was charged with insider trading. Levine pleaded guilty to four felonies, and implicated one of his recent partners, arbitrageur Ivan Boesky.	.	PUNCT	Largely	ADV	 Largely
In the flood's wake, the U.S. Congress passed the Flood Control Act of 1968, which provided funding for construction of the Chena River Lakes Flood Control Project on the Chena River upstream of Fairbanks. The project was built between 1973 and 1979 and diverts the Chena	Chena	PROPN	River	PROPN	 River
Americans Neil Armstrong and Buzz Aldrin landed on July 20, 1969, at 20: 18 UTC. Armstrong became the first to step onto the lunar surface six hours later on July 21 at 02: 56: 15 UTC; Aldrin joined him about 20 minutes later	later	ADV	.	PUNCT	.
Hartlaub's unusual spelling of its specific epithet as two words led some to spell the name emini or emini bey. No subspecies are recognised, but one was described by British ornithologist George L. G. Van Someren in 1922 from Archers Post in central Kenya, as Sorella	Sorella	PROPN	eminibey	VERB	 eminibey
Governor Oliver P. Morton, a major supporter of President Abraham Lincoln, quickly made Indianapolis a gathering place to organize and train troops for the Union army. The city became a major railroad hub for troop transport to Confederate lands, and therefore had military importance. Twenty	Twenty	NUM	four	NUM	 four
Participants included Joe Rohde from Walt Disney Imagineering and scientists from Conservation International and Disney's Animal Kingdom. The expeditions and the making of the attraction were chronicled in three documentaries broadcast on Discovery's cable television channels in April 2006. The first was Expedition Everest: Journey	Journey	PROPN	to	ADP	 to
In the first round, two Crimson Tide players were selected: Mosley (17th Baltimore Ravens) and Clinton Dix (21st Green Bay Packers). Kouandjio was selected in the second round (44th Buffalo Bills); Norwood (123rd Seattle Seahawks) was selected in	in	ADP	the	DET	 the
On May 21, 2012 he was sentenced to 10 years in prison, including the length of his detention in the US, leaving eight and a half years for him to serve. He was also ordered to serve three years under supervised release after his release from	from	ADP	prison	NOUN	 prison
The engines proved to be more powerful than anticipated and Swiftsure exceeded 20 knots (37 km / h; 23 mph) during sea trials. She carried a maximum of 2,048 long tons (2,081 t) of coal, enough to steam 6,210 nautical miles (11,500	11,500	NUM	km	NOUN	 km
The case also clarified the level of constitutional scrutiny that should be applied to content based restrictions on speech. In 2005, Gilbert, Arizona adopted a municipal sign ordinance that regulated the manner in which signs could be displayed in public areas. The ordinance imposed stricter limitations	limitations	NOUN	on	ADP	 on
The enzymes of the citric acid cycle are located in the mitochondrial matrix, with the exception of succinate dehydrogenase, which is bound to the inner mitochondrial membrane as part of Complex II. The citric acid cycle oxidizes the acetyl CoA to carbon dioxide, and, in	in	ADP	the	DET	 the
Waddle personally directed the maneuvers. According to Waddle, the DVs " were loving it. " Waddle adds, " I could barely suppress a smile as I watched the expressions of joy and amazement on the faces of our distinguished visitors. " During the maneuvers,	,	PUNCT	several	ADJ	 several
Since its original release on Bringing It All Back Home, live versions of the song have been issued on The Bootleg Series Vol. 6: Bob Dylan Live 1964, Concert at Philharmonic Hall, Before the Flood and Bob Dylan at Budokan. Dylan can also be	be	AUX	seen	VERB	 seen
He never contracted the illness, but was nevertheless removed from the crew and replaced by his backup, Jack Swigert, three days before the launch. Young, a captain in the United States Navy, had flown on three spaceflights prior to Apollo 16: Gemini 3	3	NUM	,	PUNCT	,
As with humans, the symptoms are predominantly autonomic in nature alongside pain at the bite site. Dogs may also suffer vomiting and diarrhoea, muscle tremors or clonic contractions, and abdominal wall rigidity, while cats may salivate excessively, protrude their tongue or be overexcitable.	.	PUNCT	Most	ADV	 Most
These new villages had adopted an open field system in which fields were divided into small strips of land, individually owned, with crops rotated between the field each year and the local woodlands and other common lands carefully managed. Agricultural land on a manor was divided between	between	ADP	some	DET	 some
The air was crowded with them, and the surface of the water covered. Large trouts sucked them in as they lay struggling on the surface of the stream, unable to rise till their wings were dried... Their motions are very peculiar, up and down for	for	ADP	so	ADV	 so
A Safe Area, Srebrenica: Europe's Worst Massacre Since the Second World War. London: Pocket Books. ISBN 0 671 00499 9. OCLC 37329422. Allin, Dana (2002). NATO's Balkan Interventions. Adelphi Paper 347. International Institute for Strategic	Strategic	PROPN	Studies	PROPN	 Studies
Travelers may also take jeepneys en route to Cabatuan, Calinog or Janiuay, all of which stop at Santa Barbara. A train linking Iloilo International Airport to Iloilo City proper, similar to the Airport Express in Hong Kong and similar systems in other cities, has been	been	AUX	proposed	VERB	 proposed
He defeated Yu Delu 4 – 1 in the last 16, and then defeated world number one Mark Selby 5 – 1 in the quarterfinals, finishing with a break of 132. A 6 – 3 victory over Joe Perry in the semi final secured a place in	in	ADP	the	DET	 the
Ms. Jackson has a tremendous following inside the LGBT community and out, and having her stand with us against the defamation that LGBT people still face in our country is extremely significant. Jackson spoke with Larry King on CNN, supporting the It Gets Better Project and The	The	DET	Trevor	PROPN	 Trevor
The 18th century was a time of significance with the founding of the Royal Academy, a classicism based on the High Renaissance prevailed — Thomas Gainsborough and Joshua Reynolds became two of England's most treasured artists. The Norwich School continued the landscape tradition, while the Pre	Pre	PROPN	Raphaelite	PROPN	 Raphaelite
In loose Polish parlance, the term " cipher " (" szyfr ") refers to both these two principal categories of cryptography. (The opposite is the practice in English, which loosely refers to both codes and ciphers as " codes. ") During the	the	DET	Polish	ADJ	 Polish
Manning said the guards had begun issuing conflicting commands, such as " turn left, don't turn left, " and upbraiding her for responding to commands with " yes " instead of " aye. " Shortly afterwards, she was placed on suicide watch, had	had	VERB	her	PRON	 her
Vincenzo Nibali was forced to unclip himself from his bike, but avoided crashing. The peloton was reduced to around 40 riders at the foot of the climb. Although there were no bad injuries in the crash, Roche and Arashiro took some time to stand up,	,	PUNCT	with	ADP	 with
Both Ramakrishna Math and Ramakrishna Mission have their headquarters at Belur Math. Vivekananda founded two other monasteries: one in Mayavati in the Himalayas (near Almora), the Advaita Ashrama and another in Madras. Two journals were founded: Prabuddha Bharata in English and Udbhodan in	in	ADP	Bengali	PROPN	 Bengali
Trench warfare, shelling and sniping continued all month but there was no major attack. The regiment spent their time rotating through the front and resting at the rear. On 1 July reinforcements of four officers and ninety seven other ranks arrived. On 18 July the regiment	regiment	NOUN	returned	VERB	 returned
Middlesex County Council contributed 75% of the cost, as the urban district council argued that many of those who would make use of the land would be recreational day trippers from outside the district. Under a 999 year lease, the council agreed to maintain the wood	wood	NOUN	and	CCONJ	 and
Surface observations and ship reports suggested that it developed into Tropical Storm Debby on September 10, despite poor organization evidenced by satellite imagery. Peaking with winds of 70 mph (110 km / h), the storm moved westward through the Leeward Islands and encountered wind shear	shear	NOUN	which	PRON	 which
He fought for France in the Revolutionary and Napoleonic wars. He enlisted in 1781 and, in his 30 year career, he saw action at the major French defeats and victories in Europe. He fought in André Masséna's Army of Switzerland, where he participated in	in	ADP	the	DET	 the
These drugs are characterized by fast action, high efficacy and good tolerance. They kill the asexual forms of P. berghei and P. cynomolgi and have transmission blocking activity. In 1985, Zhou Yiqing and his team combined artemether and lumefantrine into a single tablet, which was	was	AUX	registered	VERB	 registered
Yasutaka chops and stutters the absolute shit out of the post chorus sections in a way which cements his position as one of the best knob twiddlers in the music biz right now. " Laser Beam " was a great song in May. It's still great now	now	ADV	.	PUNCT	.
The diagonal composition reinforces the off kilter motion of the six figures falling in progression. It is considered a masterwork for its accurate detail and composition. Copies include a larger version by Bruegel's son Pieter Brueghel the Younger, and the work has inspired literature such as	as	ADP	poetry	NOUN	 poetry
Insects are noted for their nutrients, having a high content of protein, minerals and fats and are eaten by one third of the global population. Scarab beetles held religious and cultural symbolism in Old Egypt, Greece and some shamanistic Old World cultures. The ancient Chinese	Chinese	ADJ	regarded	VERB	 regarded
European Open winner Stephen Maguire defeated Australian Robertson 5 – 3, while world number 48 Murphy beat McCulloch 5 – 2. Michael Holt, in his first season in the top 32, beat Dave Harold 5 – 2, and Mark King defeated Selby by the same	same	ADJ	scoreline	NOUN	 scoreline
Cook enters the house through a window, but accidentally locks himself inside a wardrobe. After calling his friend, Freddie Mclair (Luke Pasqualino), for help, JJ goes into the house by himself and sees Emily and Naomi kissing. Katie, too, witnesses	witnesses	VERB	the	DET	 the
The tribe amended their complaint, abandoning their request for injunctive relief and instead asking only for a declaratory judgment. Judge Gignoux allowed the state of Maine to intervene. Judge Gignoux's ruling was issued on January 20, 1975, eighteen months after the oral arguments concluded	concluded	VERB	.	PUNCT	.
Design producer Justin Vazquez said, " Hacking is really what separates her from the other characters... Our intention was that Batgirl should be less powerful than Batman, but that Batgirl plus hacking could give her opportunities to do things that not even Batman can pull off.	.	PUNCT	"	PUNCT	 "
In addition, reproduction through spore dispersal requires the spore to land in suitable conditions for generating a gametophyte, typically in bright sunlight on thin serpentine soils. These requirements allow A. viridimontanum to colonize recently disturbed sites on ultramafic outcrops, where bedrock has been exposed and competing	competing	VERB	plants	NOUN	 plants
The team also failed to make the grid sometimes: Brundle failed to prequalify at the Canadian Grand Prix and the French Grand Prix. The team finished 9th in the Constructors ' Championship at the end of the season. After Luhti's arrest on tax fraud charges in	in	ADP	mid	ADJ	 mid
Seven flights out of Tokyo at Haneda airport were cancelled due to Maria. The JR Ito Line, an express train line, was temporarily shut down as a result of rain. As Maria brushed Japan, it produced heavy rains over the southeastern areas of the country	country	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
Terry Hayes's script, titled Return of the Apes, would have starred Arnold Schwarzenegger, under the direction of Phillip Noyce. Oliver Stone, Don Murphy, and Jane Hamsher were set to produce. Creative differences ensued between Hayes and financier / distributor 20th Century Fox	Fox	PROPN	.	PUNCT	.
The new American ships (the Colorado class battleships and Lexington class battlecruisers), took a qualitative step beyond the British Queen Elizabeth class and Admiral classes by mounting 16 inch (406 mm) guns. At the same time, the Imperial Japanese Navy was finally gaining	gaining	VERB	authorization	NOUN	 authorization
The band filmed a performance at the Hammersmith Odeon in June 1978, which was later released on DVD as Never Say Die. The final show of the tour, and Osbourne's last appearance with the band (until later reunions) was in Albuquerque, New Mexico	Mexico	PROPN	on	ADP	 on
In their triumph, they believe they have the power to create ' pure ' Islamic states in Egypt and Algeria. Attempts to create such Islamic states are blocked by force. The Islamists then try to foment revolutions in Egypt and Algeria by using terrorism to scare the	the	DET	people	NOUN	 people
Students and alumni began to clamor for a return to football to allow wider intercollegiate competition. The pressure at rival California was stronger (especially as the school had not been as successful in the Big Game as they had hoped), and in 1915 California returned to	to	ADP	football	NOUN	 football
" His description of the Baker test and its aftermath brought to world attention the problem of radioactive fallout from nuclear weapons. All Operation Crossroads operations were designed to keep personnel from being exposed to more than 0.1 roentgen (R) per day. At the time,	,	PUNCT	this	PRON	 this
However, Kings County voters have shown little interest in passing any transportation taxes to fund these projects. Except where prefixed with a letter, postmiles were measured on the road as it was in 1964, based on the alignment that existed at the time, and do	do	AUX	not	PART	 not
Based on his beliefs, he founded a civic organization in 1856, one of many others that were later called the Secret Abolitionist Societies by historians. Little is known about them due to their clandestine nature, but Betances and Salvador Brau (a close friend who later	later	ADV	became	VERB	 became
The portion north of Table Rock in Niagara Falls is designated as an Ontario Scenic Highway. The Niagara Boulevard was originally the section only from Fort Erie to Chippawa and the northern portion was referred to as the Niagara Parkway. The Niagara Parkway begins at Fort Erie in	in	ADP	the	DET	 the
Other performers included Ariane Moffatt, Esmerine, Watson, Mario Légaré, Arthur H, Jérôme Minière and Brazilian born singer Bïa. A second show was added the following night to accommodate demand for tickets. On January 16, Jim Corcoran devoted an episode of his CBC	CBC	PROPN	Radio	PROPN	 Radio
The 11th Airborne's next operation took place on 23 June in the province of Aparri in northern Luzon. By this time the only Japanese forces remaining on the island were positioned to the far north and belonged to the 52,000 strong Shobu Group. This last of General	General	PROPN	Yamashita	PROPN	 Yamashita
The circulation in the system steadily expanded, and initially the surface winds and convection were intermittent. On July 16, deep convection increased and organized near the center, and oil rigs and surface buoys reported surface winds of 30 mph (50 km / h).	.	PUNCT	Based	VERB	 Based
After winning only three of their first ten matches of 2010 – 11, Foyle resigned as manager in September 2010, and was replaced with Tamworth manager Gary Mills the following month. Improving form saw York challenge for the play offs, and by mid March 2011 they	they	PRON	were	AUX	 were
An analysis of a number of North American cases, which ruled out the direct transmission of the virus between any of the affected facilities studied, strongly supported the idea of a significant Asian carrier population. This is supported by the fact that some of the deceased calves	calves	NOUN	had	AUX	 had
The moult usually takes place between January and March but young birds may lose their feathers a little later in the year. The Atlantic puffin diet consists almost entirely of fish, though examination of its stomach contents shows that it occasionally eats shrimps, other crustaceans, molluscs	molluscs	NOUN	and	CCONJ	 and
Chen stood for election in Richmond in the October 2008 federal election, and for mayor of Richmond, British Columbia in the November 2008 municipal election, losing both times. In the May 2009 provincial election the party nominated two candidates, one in Richmond Centre and the	the	DET	other	ADJ	 other
The unicorn has been winged to represent its travel in the air as " Airborne. " The blue background is the color of the Infantry, which is the basic arm of the Division, and also indicates the sky, which is the distinctive medium of travel for	for	ADP	the	DET	 the
There were disputes between al Tal and Abu Nuwar over leadership of the group. In April 1963, Abu Nuwar declared a government in exile in the name of the Jordanian Republic and disseminated propaganda through his own radio station. The following year, or in 1965,	,	PUNCT	Abu	PROPN	 Abu
That year, Amaker recorded 81 steals, second to Jim Spanarkel at that point in Duke history. He set the career steals record, which stood until Shane Battier broke it in 2001. Amaker also holds the Duke single year NCAA Tournament record with 18 steals in	in	ADP	1986	NUM	 1986
Hurricane Javier sharply turned towards the north and eventually towards the northwest. Early on August 24, Javier resumed intensification, regaining Category 3 intensity at 0600 UTC. Passing midway between Socorro Island and Clarion Island, the storm reached its peak intensity of 135 mph (215	215	NUM	km	NOUN	 km
Having had numerous meetings with Tati over the course of a year, they were aware that, like other great European directors, Tati had been wooed by Hollywood: " He showed me a letter from Paramount ", Ron Mael recalled. " He said: ‘	‘	PUNCT	Oooh	PROPN	 Oooh
Anthony Anthony was not a trained, professional artist. The illustrations are described as " striking and boldly executed, but [...] have few claims to be fine works of art ". The vessels are for the most part painted according to a standard formula,	,	PUNCT	with	ADP	 with
Hundreds of peasants were killed and whole villages were laid waste during the repression. After returning home in March, Sihanouk abandoned his centrist position and personally ordered the arrest of Khieu Samphan, Hou Yuon, and Hu Nim, the leaders of the " counter government "	"	PUNCT	,	PUNCT	,
Their way up to the inland plateau was via a labyrinthine glacier (later named the Reeves Glacier after the Royal Geographical Society's main map curator), which brought them on 27 December to a hard snow surface. This enabled them to move more swiftly, at	at	ADP	a	DET	 a
In hotter climates butterflies can easily overheat, so they are usually active only during the cooler parts of the day, early morning, late afternoon or early evening. During the heat of the day, they rest in the shade. Some larger thick bodied moths (	(	PUNCT	e.g.	ADV	e.g.
At the end of the season, Wenger signed another three year extension to his Arsenal contract. He strengthened the squad by signing Alexis Sánchez from Barcelona in July 2014, and during the course of 2014 – 15 promoted Francis Coquelin and Héctor Bellerín into the first team	team	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
Ōkami was originally planned to be rendered in a more photorealistic 3D style. However, Clover Studio determined that the more colorful sumi e style allowed them to better convey Amaterasu's association with nature and the task of restoring it. The change was also influenced by limitations	limitations	NOUN	in	ADP	 in
In an attempt to stave off defeat, John V appealed to the Pope for support offering submission to Rome in return for military support. Despite publicly confessing the Roman Catholic Faith in St. Peter's Basilica, John V received no help. John V therefore was forced	forced	VERB	to	PART	 to
The score is mostly low key, with the exception of the suspense and death scenes. It was performed by a union orchestra, obliging New Line Cinema to grant the film its own score. Walker described her score as " very theme driven, conservative music that	that	PRON	covers	VERB	 covers
I loved animating her and was inspired by the way the Fleischers animated Olive Oyl. I couldn't animate a whole half hour myself, so I would hire other animators (and designers, painters, etc.) with strong styles and cast them according to which	which	PRON	parts	NOUN	 parts
He defeated Mark Henry via submission at Money in the Bank. At SummerSlam, Cena lost the WWE Championship to Daniel Bryan, with Triple H as the special guest referee. The following night on Raw, Cena announced that he would undergo surgery for a triceps tear	tear	NOUN	and	CCONJ	 and
Also, Penn State's tight end tandem, which struggled during non conference play, needed to improve, particularly as Penn State had a young quarterback in Christian Hackenberg who would face tougher defenses in conference play. In their second game away from Beaver Stadium of the	the	DET	season	NOUN	 season
Grandaddy reformed in 2012 and have since made a number of live appearances. Grandaddy was formed in 1992 by singer, guitarist and keyboardist Jason Lytle, bassist Kevin Garcia and drummer Aaron Burtch. The group was initially influenced by US punk bands such as Suicidal Tendencies and	and	CCONJ	Bad	PROPN	 Bad
" Welcome Party " originally aired on NBC in the United States on April 12, 2012. The episode was viewed by an estimated 4.39 million viewers and received a 2.2 rating / 6% share among adults between the ages of 18 and 49. This means that	that	SCONJ	it	PRON	 it
The single platform underground station would have been close to the CCE & HR's platforms. The proposal was presented to parliament in November 1906 and received royal assent on 26 July 1907. The LNWR did not proceed with the loop plan and the underground station, which	which	PRON	were	AUX	 were
According to a story in The Wall Street Journal she had previously thought that if she ever appeared in Sports Illustrated it would be for soccer, since given her athletic background she had envisioned herself as a professional soccer player. She also appeared in the body painting feature	feature	NOUN	in	ADP	 in
In April 1883 Tristan won a Queen's Plate at Epsom and then collected a second Epsom Gold Cup at the Derby meeting on 25 May, winning by three lengths from a field which included the Derby winner Shotover. Between these races he was beaten when attempting to	to	PART	concede	VERB	 concede
The University of Missouri Police Department patrols areas on and around the MU campus and has jurisdiction throughout the city and Boone County. The Public Service Joint Communications Center coordinates efforts between the two organizations as well as the Boone County Fire Protection District which operates Urban Search and	and	CCONJ	Rescue	PROPN	 Rescue
In 2009, chairman Graham Wood unveiled plans to move to a new, purpose built 9,000 capacity ground on Prince Consort Road in the centre of Gateshead. Detailed proposals were published soon after, and Wood told local media in 2012 that he expects the move to increase	increase	VERB	crowds	NOUN	 crowds
Yoshino's family consists of a father, mother, older brother, and older sister. Saori Chiba (千葉 さおり, Chiba Saori) Voiced by: Yuuka Nanri Saori, nicknamed Saorin (さおりん), is a girl who is a fifth grader in Shuichi's	's	PART	class	NOUN	 class
Singer and rapper Missy Elliott heard his material and began working with him. She and her R & B group Sista auditioned for DeVante Swing, a producer and member of the successful R & B act Jodeci. DeVante signed Sista to his Swing Mob record label and	and	CCONJ	Elliott	PROPN	 Elliott
When growing these species together, U. inflata will grow rapidly in the presence of higher nutrients, which allows A. vesiculosa to enjoy the conditions it thrives in. Rice, the Washington Department of Ecology, and the United States Geological Survey's Nonindigenous Aquatic Species information resource	resource	NOUN	all	PRON	 all
The heritage protection was made applicable from November 18, 1943. It is indexed in the Base Mérimée – a database of architectural heritage maintained by the French Ministry of Culture. The origins of the Vénus de Quinipily are uncertain, but it is believed to have been	been	AUX	sculpted	VERB	 sculpted
The hotel was not accepting any reservations that extended past December 2, 2013. Hotel industry experts told the Washington Business Journal that the hotel had many years ' worth of deferred maintenance. The JBG Cos. had spent only about $2 million in maintenance from 2005	2005	NUM	to	ADP	 to
Hull City will enter in the third qualifying round, in their first ever European campaign. The FA Cup final on 17 May saw Hull go 2 – 0 up within the first ten minutes, before losing 3 – 2 after extra time. On 31 July 2014	2014	NUM	,	PUNCT	,
The Ultimate Truth, states the text, is that which always is, which preserves its nature over time, and which is unaffected by anything. The Atman, the Brahman, the " Chit, Sat and Ananda ", and Janardhana (Vishnu) is such	such	ADJ	Truth	PROPN	 Truth
In addition, David Tom returned as Chip Diller after previously appearing in the second season. The episode was watched by 2.96 million people in its initial airing and received mixed to positive reviews from television critics. A police officer interrogates Parker (Julie Gonzalo) about her	her	PRON	rape	NOUN	 rape
The spray often contains pungent smelling volatile metabolites, previously thought to be concentrated in the insect from its plant food sources. However, it now seems more likely that the insect manufactures its own defensive chemicals. Additionally, the chemistry of the defense spray from at least	least	ADV	one	NUM	 one
Apart from them, the Lavradores (the farmers) and the Sargaceiros and Seareiros, who went to the sea searching for fertilizers. As a rule, the groups remained distinct, and mixed marriages between them were forbidden, mostly because of the isolationism of the fishermen	fishermen	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
Johnson shot the film primarily in Downtown Los Angeles despite the Hell's Kitchen, Manhattan setting of the film and comics. Rhythm and Hues Studios were hired to handle the film's CGI. Graeme Revell composed the Daredevil score which was released on CD in March 2003	2003	NUM	,	PUNCT	,
In their place came a number of communist officials, most prominently Włodzimierz Reczek, an erstwhile Politburo member, who took over as head of the football association despite a reputation for not liking the sport. Młynarczyk, Boniek and Żmuda had their bans cancelled early. Żmuda	Żmuda	NOUN	and	CCONJ	 and
For an Airbus A320, a speed of just 20 knots (37 km / h) higher than normal can result in as much as a 25% increase in the runway length needed to stop an aircraft. Wet weather can also significantly reduce the braking performance of	of	ADP	aircraft	NOUN	 aircraft
The song " Showdown " was featured on In Silico as the opening track. It was the first single from the album not to use the In Silico logo prominently on its cover, although most of the logo can be seen on a bass drum in the cover	cover	NOUN	art	NOUN	 art
" This room was described as " impressively large " because of its 17 feet (5.2 m) high ceilings and 8 feet (2.4 m) paneled door, the floor is made of hard wood and a " very plain marble fireplace is in one corner of	of	ADP	the	DET	 the
When the possibility of the city constructing a speed skating oval associated with the 2010 Winter Olympics came, Howard was a vocal supporter. He travelled to Lillehammer, Norway, in 2004 as part of a committee to investigate similar facilities built for the 1994 Winter Olympics.	.	PUNCT	He	PRON	 He
Reflux flows at the middle of the tower are called pumparounds. Changing the reflux (in combination with changes in feed and product withdrawal) can also be used to improve the separation properties of a continuous distillation column while in operation (in contrast to adding plates or	or	CCONJ	trays	NOUN	 trays
Lacking a central theme for the project, the band used several experimental methods in an attempt to spur the creative process. One exercise involved each member playing on a separate track, with no reference to what the other members were doing. The tempo was entirely random	random	ADJ	while	SCONJ	 while
" A " shot McCann once in the back; " A " went on to tell the inquest that he believed Farrell then reached for her handbag, and that he believed Farrell may also have been reaching for a remote detonator. " A " also shot Farrell	Farrell	PROPN	once	ADV	 once
In 2012, John Tobias said: " If you look at any other pop culture phenomenon — like if you look at the Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles, for instance — it became popular at the time right around when Mortal Kombat became popular, and it had its	its	PRON	highs	NOUN	 highs
The family was massively wealthy with several other estates and stately homes; following the death of the 1st Earl, the family decided to use Chatsworth House as their principle residence: Cavendish House thus was only used as a stopping point on the way to London. The	The	DET	house	NOUN	 house
Officially counted as the first two episodes of the season, it figures as the 53rd and 54th overall episodes of the series. It was written by series creator and executive producer Matthew Weiner, and directed by Jennifer Getzinger. It originally aired on the AMC channel in	in	ADP	the	DET	 the
The show was directed by Jean Claude Bragard — whose previous BBC work had included Kicking & Screaming – A History of Football and the documentary series Panorama — and the executive producer was Ruth Pitt, who had worked on documentaries such as 42 Up and Channel 4's	's	PART	The	DET	 The
Professional women's sports include the Minnesota Lynx of the Women's National Basketball Association, winners of the 2011, 2013, and 2015 WNBA Championships, the Minnesota Lightning of the United Soccer Leagues W League, the Minnesota Vixen of the Independent Women's Football League,	,	PUNCT	the	DET	 the
The ZNG placed the JNA held Logorište barracks under a blockade as part of the countrywide Battle of the Barracks, which aimed to pin down JNA units isolated in their bases and force them to surrender weapons and ammunition to the ZNG. However, the JNA garrison broke	broke	VERB	out	ADP	 out
If the Council does not approve these, then a " Conciliation Committee " is formed. The Committee is composed of the Council members plus an equal number of MEPs who seek to agree a compromise. Once a position is agreed, it has to be approved by	by	ADP	Parliament	PROPN	 Parliament
J.D.B. wrote a statement at the investigators request and then he was allowed to leave to catch the bus home. Two juvenile petitions were filed against J.D.B. Each alleged one count of larceny and one count of breaking and entering. J.D.B. ' s public defender moved to suppress	suppress	VERB	J.D.B.	PROPN	 J.D.B.
Robert Shearman and Lars Pearson, in their book Wanting to Believe: A Critical Guide to The X Files, Millennium & The Lone Gunmen, rated the episode three and a half stars out of five. The two criticized the closing down of the X Files division	division	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
The inquiry uncovered four irregularities in the regulation of civil aviation in Australia and the judge made four recommendations to deal with these irregularities. The Australian National Airways aircraft registered VH AET arrived at Cambridge aerodrome at 8: 15 pm local time, about four hours late.	.	PUNCT	The	DET	 The
The jet dryer incident was described as " one of the most bizarre events " in the history of NASCAR and the Daytona 500 by various American media organizations. Two days after the race, Hendrick Motorsports was penalized for Johnson's car. The penalty, for "	"	PUNCT	actions	NOUN	 actions
Following chlordiazepoxide, diazepam marketed by Hoffmann – La Roche under the brand name Valium in 1963, and for a while the two were the most commercially successful drugs. The introduction of benzodiazepines led to a decrease in the prescription of barbiturates, and by the 1970s they	they	PRON	had	AUX	 had
Lieder's assertions that the approach of Nibiru would cause the Earth's rotation to stop or its axis to shift violate the laws of physics. In his rebuttal of Immanuel Velikovsky's Worlds in Collision, which made the same claim that the Earth's rotation could be	be	AUX	stopped	VERB	 stopped
Following his return the difficulties continued to mount, and in 1867 he renounced his concession. The line was eventually taken over by the State, and was not fully completed until about 1877. At some point Sharpe bought property and iron ore mines along the route of	of	ADP	the	DET	 the
There were concerns from the producers that these would appear simply to be larger versions of the already known Vulcan ears, and so Westmore was told to round off the ears when it came to producing the make up. Other elements which were changed at the make up	up	ADP	stage	NOUN	 stage
The Bulls decided to not match the offer, and on July 24, Asik officially joined the Rockets. On October 27, 2012, the Rockets traded Kevin Martin, Jeremy Lamb, and two future first round picks to the Oklahoma City Thunder for reigning sixth man	man	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
Kneeling beside Phil is Bobby, his eyes wide with terror. Fox Mulder (David Duchovny) and Dana Scully (Gillian Anderson) are assigned to the case. At the scene, Scully hypothesizes that Bobby dug the pit that trapped his stepfather, and speculates that	that	SCONJ	he	PRON	 he
Newly prestigious and influential after his victories in the Persian war, Galerius might have wished to compensate for a previous humiliation at Antioch, when Diocletian had forced him to walk at the front of the imperial caravan, rather than inside it. His resentment fed his discontent	discontent	NOUN	with	ADP	 with
Its standing has also improved among critics following an expanded edition release of the album on July 29, 2003, which featured extensive liner notes and photography by Ryan Null. Following that release, Allmusic praised Gaye's different direction in music and the eroticism portrayed in Leon	Leon	PROPN	Ware	PROPN	 Ware
Buildings intentionally or unintentionally resembling the human penis are a source of amusement to locals and tourists in various places around the world. Deliberate phallic imagery is found in ancient cultures and in the links to ancient cultures found in traditional artifacts. The ancient Greeks and Romans celebrated	celebrated	VERB	phallic	ADJ	 phallic
IGN saw early screens and declared that Iridion was " aiming to set the standard [of what GBA shooters should be]... Set the standard with a hail of bullets. " They felt Shin ' en was pushing the Game Boy Advance to its limits, producing	producing	VERB	the	DET	 the
Cochrane argues that those beings who lack personhood, including many nonhuman animals and some humans, do not have an interest in liberty or not being used by others, and so have no prima facie right to freedom. They do, however, possess significant interests in	in	ADP	not	PART	 not
The company dray horses, used for local beer deliveries, were retired by the end of the 1950s. In 1961 Webster's bought Daniel Fielding & Sons of Halifax, which added 19 public houses to their tied estate. The same year the company sought out partnership	partnership	NOUN	with	ADP	 with
The committee soon abandoned the idea of an arch and proposed a large monumental memorial to the east of St Kilda Road, a position which would make it clearly visible from the centre of the city. A competition was launched in March 1922 to find a design for	for	ADP	the	DET	 the
Additionally, Stone was nominated for the Saturn Award for Best Actress, but lost to Angela Bassett in Strange Days. A novelization written by Jack Curtis was published by HarperCollins in September 1995. The Region 1 DVD release came in September 1998. The Quick and the	the	DET	Dead	PROPN	 Dead
In general, December is the dullest month and June the sunniest. The south west of England enjoys a favoured location, particularly in summer, when the Azores High extends its influence north eastwards towards the UK. Cloud often forms inland, especially near hills, and	and	CCONJ	reduces	VERB	 reduces
The teeth are all characterized by long transverse crests coupled with shorter ones. One of these crests, the anterotropid, distinguishes the two species, as it is present in the lower molars of S. alpinus, but not in those of S. bolligeri. Another crest,	,	PUNCT	the	DET	 the
For example, almost every place name in use can be traced back to the Vikings. The Norn language was a form of Old Norse, which continued to be spoken until the 18th century when it was replaced by an insular dialect of Scots known as Shetlandic,	,	PUNCT	which	PRON	 which
The cartoons are including, rather than excluding, Muslims. " The publication of the cartoons was also accompanied by an editorial titled ' Truslen fra mørket (' The Threat from the Darkness) condemning Islamic spiritual leaders " who feel entitled to interpret the prophet's word	word	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
" Nickelodeon President Cyma Zarghami said " There are a bunch of different theories about SpongeBob. You can't dismiss the fact that it is a creatively excellent property. It's a character of good, positive energy. It came at a time when people wanted something	something	PRON	more	ADV	 more
" LW12.2 skiers in this class have differences in between one limb and another. The IPC defined this para Alpine classification as " Athletes with amputations of the lower limbs. " Adapted Physical Education and Sport described this class as " Athletes with disabilities in the lower limbs	limbs	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
Both Biggs and his brother Selwyn played international rugby for Wales, though they never played together in the same match for Wales. Biggs also played cricket for Glamorgan and in 1893 was part of a team that took on Cardiff in a two day match; he faced	faced	VERB	his	PRON	 his
Meanwhile, in Saigon, the Bình Xuyên organised crime syndicate ruled much of the city through its gangster militia. These three southern forces vied for control of southern Vietnam with the main protagonists: the French, who were attempting to re establish colonial control across the entire	entire	ADJ	nation	NOUN	 nation
The houses constructed for the people rendered homeless were prefabricated by the Ministry of Housing and then erected by the local authorities, under the guidance of the Ministry of Local Government. In response to the disaster, the Government of Jamaica established the Office of Disaster Preparedness and	and	CCONJ	Emergency	PROPN	 Emergency
The corresponding transitions can be monitored via changes in electrical conductivity; they are rather reproducible and abrupt, and are therefore used for calibration of high pressure equipment. Bismuth is stable to both dry and moist air at ordinary temperatures. When red hot, it reacts with	with	ADP	water	NOUN	 water
Blackmon structures his narrative around a young African American man named Green Cottenham; though the records of Cottenham's life are incomplete, Blackmon states that " the absence of his voice rests at the center of this book. " Cottenham, who was born in the 1880s	1880s	NOUN	to	ADP	 to
Related to his predecessor as well as to the German Emperor Henry VI, he was elected bishop on the urging of his predecessor, who urged his election on the cathedral chapter of Bath. While bishop, Savaric spent many years attempting to annexe Glastonbury Abbey as part	part	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
The downloadable release was ultimately issued on December 6 at the price of US $9.99. According to IGN Entertainment's GamerMetrics, a service based on compiled visitor activity information on IGN's website, the pack was the fourth most anticipated release of its release week,	,	PUNCT	following	VERB	 following
The WRA gave each person $25 ($329 today), one way train or bus fare, and meals to those who had less than $600 ($7,887 today). While many left the camp voluntarily, a significant number refused to leave because	because	SCONJ	they	PRON	 they
The film was officially launched on 9 November 2011, at Annapurna Studios in Hyderabad. S. Thaman was announced as the music director, marking his first collaboration with both Vinayak and Charan; Chota K. Naidu and Gautham Raju were announced as the film's cinematographer and editor	editor	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
Biran described him as having a fiery temper which could be triggered suddenly, yet quick to calm when the trigger was removed; this sentiment was echoed by several people who had worked with Djajakusuma. Coverage in the film magazine Djaja described him as hardworking and highly dedicated	dedicated	ADJ	to	ADP	 to
It is a cornerstone of Latin American literature: a work of creative non fiction that helped to define the parameters for thinking about the region's development, modernization, power, and culture. Subtitled Civilization and Barbarism, Facundo contrasts civilization and barbarism as seen in early	early	ADJ	19th	ADJ	 19th
The 1990s were the most successful decade for Nea Salamina. Apart from winning the cup, shield, and the right to play in the Cup Winners Cup, the team claimed the championship. In addition, the team acquired Ammochostos Stadium in Larnaca, built by volunteer	volunteer	NOUN	supporters	NOUN	 supporters
Prime Minister Manuel Valls dispatched Cazeneuve to the scene and set up a ministerial task force to coordinate the response to the incident. German Foreign Minister Frank Walter Steinmeier flew over the crash site; he described it as " a picture of horror ". German Chancellor Angela	Angela	PROPN	Merkel	PROPN	 Merkel
They were then sorted by size. The rubble was crushed in a jaw crusher. Debris were mechanically separated according to their size. Each particle has a particular use. Macadam, made of stones between 2 and 8 centimetres (0.79 and 3.15 in), was	was	AUX	used	VERB	 used
The tour earned a reported $126.2 million, an average of over $2 million per night, and Billboard named it the top tour of the year. In July 2002, McCartney married Heather Mills. In November, on the first anniversary of George Harrison's	's	PART	death	NOUN	 death
It also included guitarist Bobby Schneck, formerly of Slash's Blues Ball. Slash's Snakepit's music was often described as hard rock and blues rock with elements of southern rock. The band were also often described as Slash's solo or side project though Slash maintained	maintained	VERB	that	SCONJ	 that
On 1 January 1519, Zwingli gave his first sermon in Zurich. Deviating from the prevalent practice of basing a sermon on the Gospel lesson of a particular Sunday, Zwingli, using Erasmus ' New Testament as a guide, began to read through the Gospel of Matthew	Matthew	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
Several Edo period manuscript copies of Choe's travel diary are also in Japan. Other works written by Choe were compiled and published under the title Geumnamjip (錦南集 · 금남집) in Korea. A complete translation of Choe's account into English was prepared by John Meskill	Meskill	PROPN	as	ADP	 as
In 92 games (315 at bats) with Ottawa in 2006, Whiteside batted.244 with 77 hits, 11 home runs, and 47 RBI. His batting average was.281 at home compared to.201 on the road. In 2007, Whiteside attended spring training but was reassigned to	to	ADP	the	DET	 the
All songs written and composed by Tomahawk. Mit Gas was released in the United States on May 6, 2003, and in the United Kingdom six days later, through Ipecac Recordings, the record label owned by Patton and Greg Werckman. Reviews of Mit Gas have	have	AUX	been	AUX	 been
Day Lewis rarely discusses his personal life. He had a relationship with French actress Isabelle Adjani, which lasted six years and eventually ended after a split and reconciliation. Their son Gabriel Kane Day Lewis was born in 1995 in New York City, several months after the	the	DET	relationship	NOUN	 relationship
Seton Hall is one of three law schools in the state of New Jersey. Seton Hall Law was founded by a woman, Miriam T. Rooney, who served as dean from 1951 to 1961. She was not only Seton Hall ’ s first female dean, but	but	CCONJ	was	AUX	 was
Macrinus ' predecessor Caracalla was murdered while traveling to visit a temple by Justin Martialus, a soldier who was incensed at being declined the rank of centurion, during a period of war with the Parthians. Macrinus, a Praetorian prefect at the time, was involved in	in	ADP	the	DET	 the
Oscar Howe (Crow) was born on the Crow Creek Indian Reservation and won fame for his watercolor paintings. Howe was one of the first Native American painters to adopt techniques and style heavily influenced by the mid 20th century abstraction movement, rather than relying on traditional	traditional	ADJ	Native	ADJ	 Native
Karl stops her and when they step outside to talk, Jim dies. Susan is devastated and blames Karl for keeping her from Jim. She then leaves to arrange Jim's funeral. On her return, Susan and Karl announce that they are separating. Malcolm initially	initially	ADV	blames	VERB	 blames
This sub theme would continue well into the ninth season, in entries such as " Audrey Pauley ". The episode is one of many to feature Mulder as a Christ like figure. These comparisons were first purposely inserted during the seventh season episode " The Sixth Extinction	Extinction	PROPN	II	PROPN	 II
Facing the possibility of jail and the overall humiliation and disgrace, she pours herself a glass of wine (in the original series, her favorite tipple was Vodka). Yet, before she can drink it J.R. and John Ross arrive, with J.R. vowing to make	make	VERB	things	NOUN	 things
An initial draft was submitted to Everglades National Park management who asserted not enough water would be released to the park quickly enough — that the priority went to delivering water to urban areas. When they threatened to refuse to support it, the plan was rewritten to provide	provide	VERB	more	ADJ	 more
The Varkari Panth (Pilgrim Path) or Varkari Sampradaya (Pilgrim Tradition) is one of the most important Vaishnava sects in India. It is a monotheistic, bhakti sect, focused on the worship of Vithoba and based on traditional Bhagavata dharma. The sect is a	a	DET	"	PUNCT	 "
This would result in Bayern's II relegation instead of Saarbrücken. Saarbrücken finally lost the case in court, a case called ridiculous by Bayern's president Uli Hoeneß. After being released by FC Bayern Munich Ngwat Mahop ended up as a trialist in Red Bull Salzburg.	.	PUNCT	He	PRON	 He
Because events and not video frames were saved, the resulting game demo files were small and easily shared among players. A culture of recording gameplay developed, as Henry Lowood of Stanford University called it, " a context for spectatorship.... The result was nothing less than	than	ADP	a	DET	 a
As Danny Peary noted in his Cult Movies book, the film went nearly unnoticed by critics during its US release: " The few snoozing trade reviewers who saw it treated it as just another entry in AIP's Edgar Allan Poe series... and gave it such dismal	dismal	ADJ	notices	NOUN	 notices
It was founded by Hugo Gernsback in 1929 after he had lost control of his first science fiction magazine, Amazing Stories, when his media company Experimenter Publishing went bankrupt. Within a few months of the bankruptcy, Gernsback launched three new magazines: Air Wonder Stories,	,	PUNCT	Science	PROPN	 Science
Volcanic tuff was used at Copán, and nearby Quiriguá employed sandstone. In Comalcalco, where suitable stone was not available locally, fired bricks were employed. Limestone was burned at high temperatures in order to manufacture cement, plaster, and stucco. Lime based cement was	was	AUX	used	VERB	 used
Playing in the Florida State League in 1990, Rodríguez was selected the best catcher in the league and named to the All Star team. He placed 15th in the league in batting at.287, and led his team in runs batted in, with 55. He also	also	ADV	played	VERB	 played
He is discovered by a circus guard, and ordered off the ground. A small girl, Lillie Lockwood, and her father come to the circus, and witness Tom's ejection. Urged by his daughter, Lillie's father buys Tom a ticket of admission,	,	PUNCT	giving	VERB	 giving
However, the rest of the tell was not occupied, and a lower town extended to the north but is now all but destroyed through modern agriculture. Two Mitannian legal documents, bearing the names of kings Artashumara and Tushratta, were recovered from the city, which	which	PRON	was	AUX	 was
With the release of the latest Missoula Downtown Master Plan in 2009, increased emphasis was directed toward redeveloping the North Side's former rail yard and the area just south of the tracks. The city is divided into 18 neighborhood councils of which all Missoula residents are a	a	DET	member	NOUN	 member
Some extremely high production volume moulds (like those for bottle caps) can have over 128 cavities. In some cases multiple cavity tooling will mould a series of different parts in the same tool. Some toolmakers call these moulds family moulds as all the parts are related	related	VERB	.	PUNCT	.
It will then pounce, grabbing its prey with its sharp, retractable claws. For slightly larger animals, such as geese, rabbits and hares, it will stalk from cover and wait until they come within 20 to 35 ft (6.1 to 10.7 m) before	before	ADP	rushing	VERB	 rushing
In the course of the innings he achieved the rare feat in Australia of reaching 1,000 first class runs on the tour. Grant, the West Indies captain, declared the innings closed after rain had fallen to make the pitch more difficult for batting. Australia were then	then	ADV	bowled	VERB	 bowled
Official Nintendo Magazine stated that they were the best Pokémon games yet. Game Informer's Annette Gonzalez stated " Even though the classic Pokémon formula still works as evidenced by HeartGold. I can ’ t help but hope for a new Pokémon title that breaks some new ground	ground	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
After a rehab assignment, he was activated on May 26. On June, 15 he hit the 48th " Splash Hit " home run at AT & T Park, against John Lackey in a 9 – 7 loss to the Los Angeles Angels of Anaheim. He	He	PRON	was	AUX	 was
Brosnan especially admired the dirigible finale. Danny Peary had mixed feelings about A View to a Kill but was generally complimentary: " Despite what reviewers automatically reported, [Moore] looks trimmer and more energetic than in some of the previous efforts... I wish Bond had	had	VERB	a	DET	 a
Armed with marketing approval by their respective governments, a U.S. – Israeli industrial team plans to offer the Arrow system to South Korea. The potential deal, estimated to exceed $1 billion. For the United States, the Arrow has provided important technical and operational data	data	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
Symptoms of excess salivation, wheezing, respiratory distress, and absence of breathing have also been reported. Deaths usually occur from respiratory failure or ventricular fibrillation secondary to ongoing seizure activity; fatalities have occurred within a few hours of ingestion. Poisoned people who recover usually regain	regain	VERB	consciousness	NOUN	 consciousness
" Reaction to Lords of Shadow was highly positive. 1UP's review praised how the game took elements from other series and executed them well. GamesRadar drew favorable comparisons to other action games it has given a perfect score, including God of War III, Bayonetta and	and	CCONJ	Dante	PROPN	 Dante
Baylor's passing offense had been strong all year. This was the first time they had been held below 21 points in their last seven conference games and they had two wide receivers with over 50 catches each. Unfortunately for the Bears, their starting quarterback Shawn Bell	Bell	PROPN	suffered	VERB	 suffered
He claimed the Armenian Kingdom of Cilicia on behalf of his second wife, Stephanie of Armenia, in 1220. After Stephanie and their infant son died that year, John returned to Egypt. The Fifth Crusade ended in failure (including the recovery of Damietta by the	the	DET	Egyptians	PROPN	 Egyptians
A first half header from Leeds defender David Wetherall was enough to condemn United to their first defeat of the season and first in almost three months of football. Worse was to come for the champions, as captain Roy Keane was ruled out for the rest of the	the	DET	season	NOUN	 season
Romblomanon is mainly spoken in the town of Romblon, in all of three towns of Sibuyan Island, and the towns of San Andres and San Agustin in Tablas Island. Onhan is mainly spoken in the municipalities in the southern part of Tablas Island (Alcantara, Looc	Looc	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
It took three charges to break this battalion, which eventually fled towards the right where it encountered the remainder of Leval's fleeing division. Ruffin's and Leval's divisions fled towards the Laguna del Puerco, where Victor succeeded in halting their disorganised rout. The Marshal	Marshal	PROPN	deployed	VERB	 deployed
Michael Rogers was a further three seconds back of Leipheimer and Basso, causing him to drop from sixth to seventh in the GC. 24 May 2009 — Forlì to Faenza, 161 km (100 mi) The peloton faced four categorized climbs in this stage, though	though	SCONJ	none	NOUN	 none
Short term residents of the home included Jared Sparks, Edward Everett, and Joseph Emerson Worcester. Sparks, who moved into the home in April 1833, was then preparing a biography of Washington based on original documents. He recorded in his journal: " It is	is	AUX	a	DET	 a
Joule moved to Sale in the 1870s for his health; he died at his home at 12 Wardle Road in 1889, and is buried in Brooklands Cemetery. The area has several parks and green spaces. Worthington Park, originally called Sale Park, was opened in	in	ADP	1900	NUM	 1900
A remake was produced under the same title in 1957; Young retook her role. Soegiati (Fifi Young) is the mother of four children: sons Achmad (Rd Ismail), Idris (S Poniman) and Soemadi (Ali Sarosa), and a daughter	daughter	NOUN	named	VERB	 named
If the commutative property holds for a pair of elements under a certain binary operation then the two elements are said to commute under that operation. The term " commutative " is used in several related senses. Putting on socks resembles a commutative operation since which sock is	is	AUX	put	VERB	 put
The power of the jaws is in part due to its comparatively large head. The teeth and jaws of Tasmanian devils resemble those of hyenas, an example of convergent evolution. Dasyurid teeth resemble those of primitive marsupials. Like all dasyurids, the devil has prominent canines	canines	NOUN	and	CCONJ	 and
Prior to the thirteenth century, the church and lands of Monifieth were possessions of the Céli Dé monastic order. The church was endowed to the recently founded Tironensian abbey of Arbroath by Gille Críst, Mormaer of Angus, around 1201 1207, and the lands to the	the	DET	south	NOUN	 south
In Texas, " Confederate Heroes Day " is celebrated on January 19, the birthday of Robert E. Lee; Jefferson Davis's birthday had been officially celebrated on June 3 but was combined with Lee's birthday in 1973. Some memorials to Davis have become controversial.	.	PUNCT	Washington	PROPN	 Washington
The production was lavish; apparently 300 men were required to manipulate the stage machinery. Federico Follino, who prepared the Mantuan court's official report on the occasion, praised the beauty of the work, the magnificence of costumes and machinery, and the sweetness of the	the	DET	music	NOUN	 music
The football program unfortunately is best known for its record of futility set during the 1980s: between 1983 and 1988, the team lost 44 games in a row, which is still the record for the NCAA Football Championship Subdivision. The streak was broken on October 8	8	NUM	,	PUNCT	,
A complex mixture of genetic and environmental factors influences the risk of the development of alcoholism. Genes that influence the metabolism of alcohol also influence the risk of alcoholism, and may be indicated by a family history of alcoholism. One paper has found that alcohol use at	at	ADP	an	DET	 an
Nur recognized the opportunity to transform Mogadishu although resources were limited. Working closely with urban strategist Mitchell Sipus, the Benadir government sought to design and deploy a data driven approach to post war reconstruction. With the passing of a new Constitution in 2012 and the subsequent election	election	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
As New York opened up their season at home against the Dallas Stars on October 9, 2010, Tavares suffered a mild concussion late during the first period. The Stars ' Adam Burish bumped into Tavares, and the latter was unable to return to the game.	.	PUNCT	He	PRON	 He
The economic goals are no longer seen as a means of influencing an opposite government but rather to stimulate opposition and achieve the overthrow or capitulation of the government. During the time the United States was the most dominant in all areas like military, energy, exports,	,	PUNCT	etc	X	 etc
It remained in this position throughout the first and second leg of the tour, with only two concerts concluding with an alternate song – " With or Without You ". " Love Is Blindness " was not performed on either of those two occasions. Beginning on the	the	DET	third	ADJ	 third
He praised Joe Down Studios for not falling into the trap of " introducing a veneer of self importance " that he felt was common in remakes of early Final Fantasy pieces. Chris of Square Enix Music Online also liked the album, saying that the arrangements " make	make	VERB	many	ADJ	 many
The steep slopes on the banks of the Meuse, added to what appeared in photographic reconnaissance to be a formidable barrier of bunkers and defence lines, caused Field Marshal Gerd von Rundstedt, the commander in chief of Army Group A, to question the wisdom of Guderian	Guderian	PROPN	in	ADP	 in
Throughout the United States, Hurricane Charley caused an estimated US $15 million in damage (equivalent to US $32,400,000 in 2015). One person drowned in Newfoundland. As an extratropical cyclone, Charley brought heavy rainfall and strong winds to Ireland and the United Kingdom	Kingdom	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
They requested Hendrix as a supporting act because they were fans, but their young audience disliked the Experience, who left the tour after six shows. Chandler later admitted that he engineered the tour in an effort to gain publicity for Hendrix. The second Experience album,	,	PUNCT	Axis	PROPN	 Axis
An alternative Outer Eastern Relief Road crossing the M5 at Old Hill was rejected as the existing bridges would need rebuilding, making the cost prohibitive. There is some opposition to both routes – a group called Cullompton Against Western Relief Road has been formed to oppose one route	route	NOUN	and	CCONJ	 and
East of I 81, the development along NY 342 increases as the route enters Pamelia Center, a hamlet centered on NY 342's intersection with NY 37. NY 342 continues on, passing through the eastern portion of the community and serving a local country club before	before	ADP	entering	VERB	 entering
Ibn Ra ' iq tried without success to impede his advance by destroying the great dams of the Nahrawan Canal and flooding the plain, but Bajkam's army entered the Abbasid capital without opposition, and al Radi immediately transferred Ibn Ra ' iq's title of amir al	al	PROPN	umara	PROPN	 umara
While free on bail, Vick tested positive for marijuana in a random drug test. This was a violation of the conditions of his release while awaiting sentencing in federal court. Vick's positive urine sample was submitted on September 13, 2007, according to a document	document	NOUN	filed	VERB	 filed
Carey performed " Fantasy " live on several television and award show appearances around the world. Carey performed the song at the 23rd annual American Music Awards, held on January 29, 1996. Additionally, it was performed live on British music chart program Top of the	the	DET	Pops	PROPN	 Pops
He faltered in the stretch and finished fifth to Soldat. In April 2011, Shackleford was entered in the Grade 1 $1,000,000 Florida Derby, again at Gulfstream. He drew post number 5 and was listed at post time as a 60 1 longshot. Breaking slowly	slowly	ADV	,	PUNCT	,
These revisions can lead to a revised ACE total either upward or downward compared to the operational value. An area of low pressure in the eastern Gulf of Mexico developed into Tropical Storm Andrea on June 5. Despite strong wind shear and an abundance of dry air,	,	PUNCT	the	DET	 the
The song also entered the South Korea International Digital Singles Chart at number 3 for the week ending May 31, 2014, and number two on the Download Chart, with sales of 32,945 units. In its second week, the song fell to number seven with sales	sales	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
Again it survived, but the service was reduced in June 1958 to run only during Monday to Friday peak hours and Saturday morning and early afternoons. The Saturday service was withdrawn in June 1962. After operating only during peak hours for more than 30 years, the	the	DET	closure	NOUN	 closure
Master's, including a Master of Professional Science degree, and doctorates are also awarded to RSMAS students by the UM Graduate School. The Rosenstiel School's research includes the study of marine life, particularly Aplysia and coral; climate change; air sea interactions; coastal	coastal	ADJ	ecology	NOUN	 ecology
The two arches to the east are to the north side of the chancel, which is slightly smaller than the nave at 25 by 16 feet (7.6 by 4.9 m); the other two are on the north side of the nave. The reset 12th century	century	NOUN	arch	NOUN	 arch
Historians from different centuries have also suggested various other years from 1150 to 1158. Contradicting these claims, the medieval Annales Suecici Medii Aevi and the 13th century legend of Saint Botvid mention some Henry as the Bishop of Uppsala (Henricus scilicet Upsalensis) in 1129, participating	participating	VERB	in	ADP	 in
Her first cruise into the Atlantic was conducted from 7 July to 1 August. Another round of exercises followed in the autumn. The I Battle Squadron was transferred from Kiel to Wilhelmshaven in April 1910. The following month, in May 1910, the fleet conducted training	training	NOUN	maneuvers	NOUN	 maneuvers
The British also would never again conduct inland operations in Connecticut, despite western Connecticut's strategic importance in securing the Hudson River Valley. The British destroyed at least 19 houses and 22 stores and barns, along with many military and medical supplies. The town estimated that	that	SCONJ	the	DET	 the
Fresh mushrooms contain about 90% moisture. Dried specimens may be ground up into a powder and used to absorb excess liquid in soups and stews, as it rehydrates into tiny fragments. Both A. auricula judae and the similar A. polytricha are popular in China, where	where	SCONJ	the	DET	 the
Guests could also view and purchase photos taken of their vehicle on the ride or scan their Photopass to view or purchase the photos later. There was also an area where there was a showroom of all new, prototype, or legendary GM vehicles. Experience designer Bob	Bob	PROPN	Rogers	PROPN	 Rogers
The treaty was sealed by the betrothal of Catherine's thirteen year old daughter Elisabeth to Philip II of Spain. Their proxy wedding in Paris on 22 June 1559 was celebrated with festivities, balls, masques, and five days of jousting. King Henry took part in	in	ADP	the	DET	 the
The 1936 London Illustrated News feature had " no doubt of the authenticity " of the object which had " been subjected to exhaustive chemical examination " and showed traces of bitumen " dried out in a way which is only possible in the course of many centuries ".	.	PUNCT	But	CCONJ	 But
In 2003, Fuld was named a First Team (NCBWA) and Third Team (Baseball America) Pre Season All American. As a junior, he had 83 regular season runs, tying the school record (# 1 in the Pac 10). He hit.321	hit.321	VERB	with	ADP	 with
The Daley administration's expenditures exceeded revenues by hundreds of millions of dollars a year. In August 2010, Fitch Ratings downgraded the city's bond credit rating, citing the administration's use of reserve funds for general operating expenses and under funding of its pension funds,	,	PUNCT	and	CCONJ	 and
On 25 March 2002, the trial began. After four days of testimony, Judge Michael McGuire ruled in favor of the clinic. Linda Rosenthal, an attorney from the Center for Reproductive Rights characterized the decision thus: " [t] he judge rejected the abortion	abortion	NOUN	–	PUNCT	 –
Ring had a final chance to push for Test selection in the innings win over Sussex, the last match before the First Test. He bowled only two wicketless overs as the pacemen skittled the hosts for 86, and did not bat as Australia amassed 5 / 549	549	NUM	declared	VERB	 declared
While NY 22 continues north towards Essex, NY 9N heads west to follow a more inland routing through a series of narrow valleys. NY 9N intersects I 87 once again at exit 31 just before entering the town of Elizabethtown. The route continues west, passing over	over	ADP	the	DET	 the
Within that identity, the historian Sarah Richardson sees that one of Beeton's achievements was the integration of different threads of domestic science into one volume, which " elevat [ed] the middle class female housekeeper's role... placing it in a broader and more public	public	ADJ	context	NOUN	 context
Lawson has stated that she believes cooking is " a metaphor for life ", in the sense that " When you cook, you need structure [...] but just as importantly you need to be able to loosen up and go with the flow [...]	]	X	you	PRON	 you
Following the war, at least one Filipino American, Augustin Feliciano, continued to serve in the U.S. Navy. After this Asian Americans were not recorded in the annals of U.S. military history until the American Civil War when, in 1861, a Chinese American by the	the	DET	name	NOUN	 name
Skaði provides them with her terms of settlement, and the gods agree that Skaði may choose a husband from among themselves. However, Skaði must choose this husband by looking solely at their feet. Skaði saw a pair of feet that she found particularly attractive and said	said	VERB	"	PUNCT	 "
Up to this period, McNicoll had completed all but five of his years of military service attached to the Royal Navy. McNicoll's three brothers also served in the Second World War: Ronald Ramsay, who ultimately retired with the rank of major general and served in	in	ADP	the	DET	 the
William Hamilton (1788 – 1856) attempted to combine Reid's approach with the philosophy of Kant. Common Sense Realism not only dominated Scottish thought but also had a major impact in France, the United States, Germany and other countries. Victor Cousin (1792 –	–	PUNCT	1867	NUM	 1867
These dyes had great affinity for animal fibres such as wool and silk. The new colors tended to fade and wash out, but they were inexpensive and could be produced in the vast quantities required by textile production in the industrial revolution. By the 1870s commercial dyeing	dyeing	NOUN	with	ADP	 with
Max Tera served as assistant cinematographer on this black and white film. The film starred Ratna Asmara (wife of Andjar), Ali Yugo, Iskandar Sucarno, and Djauhari Effendi, all of whom had previous theatrical experience. Ratna and Ali, together with Andjar,	,	PUNCT	had	AUX	 had
The Leeds Mercury particularly praised the characterisation of Holmes, " with all his little foibles ", while in contrast the Cheltenham Looker On described Holmes as " rather a bore sometimes ", noting that descriptions of his foibles " grows wearisome ". The correspondent for Hampshire	Hampshire	PROPN	Telegraph	PROPN	 Telegraph
"), a challenge he accepts and wins. Penelope now states that she will accept the suitor who is able to string Ulisse's bow. All three suitors attempt the task unsuccessfully. The disguised Ulisse then asks to try though renouncing the prize of Penelope's	's	PART	hand	NOUN	 hand
During the 1950s, Nevelson exhibited her work as often as possible. Yet despite awards and growing popularity with art critics, she continued to struggle financially. To make ends meet she began teaching sculpture classes in adult education programs in the Great Neck public school system.	.	PUNCT	Her	PRON	 Her
Approximately 400 feet (120 m) below the Pocono Beds is a layer of rock approximately 50 feet (15 m) thick and composed of pebbly sandstone. This may be the Mount Pleasant Formation. The Mauch Chunk Formation is also found in the watershed. Additionally	Additionally	ADV	,	PUNCT	,
The bill passed both houses without further debate, and was signed by President Ulysses S. Grant on February 12, 1873. At no point in its almost three year journey through the legislative process did the bill provide for the retention of the standard silver dollar, into	into	ADP	which	PRON	 which
He played in the American Association (AA) with the St. Louis Browns, and in the National League (NL) with the Boston Beaneaters and Cleveland Spiders. " Happy Jack " (nicknamed due to his pleasant demeanor) was born to German immigrants and raised	raised	VERB	in	ADP	 in
The last lineup consisted of drummer David Kennedy, vocalist and bandleader Josh Scogin, and guitarists Brandon Henderson and Stephen Harrison. The band experienced frequent lineup changes since its inception, with Scogin being the only original member. The band played an abrasive style of hardcore that	that	PRON	does	AUX	 does
The woolly mammoth is the third most depicted animal in ice age art, after horses and bison, and these images were produced between 35,000 and 11,500 years ago. Today, more than five hundred depictions of woolly mammoths are known, in media ranging from cave paintings	paintings	NOUN	and	CCONJ	 and
They understood basic concepts of algebra and geometry, and could solve simple sets of simultaneous equations. Mathematical notation was decimal, and based on hieroglyphic signs for each power of ten up to one million. Each of these could be written as many times as necessary to	to	PART	add	VERB	 add
" Rhimes, executive producer Betsy Beers and director Tony Phelan selected songs that became famous through their use in Grey's Anatomy, and chose " the most iconic ones, the ones that best suited [their] singers, and the ones that made the most sense	sense	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
Details of the rally were reported by various gay oriented national publications. Instinct magazine noted Portland's ability to gather a crowd of 4,000 in support of the LGBT community despite dreary weather. The Huffington Post contributor Chuck Currie, a church minister from Portland, used the	the	DET	attack	NOUN	 attack
He publicly encouraged Kentuckians to strengthen the Whigs, despite his disagreements with Clay. In 1830, Wickliffe was chosen by his colleagues as one of the managers of the impeachment proceedings against Missouri District Court judge James H. Peck. In 1831, he was one of several	several	ADJ	candidates	NOUN	 candidates
That a nun owned the painting three centuries after Adornes purportedly bequeathed a van Eyck St Francis to his daughter in a convent, and that the Adornes family owned property in Alessandria, is suggestive, but no evidence exists to confirm a connection. The technical investigations Butler	Butler	PROPN	conducted	VERB	 conducted
The Department of Veterans Affairs opened a medical clinic in the Tanasbourne area in 2008. For more than 150 years, the city has had residents as varied as David Hill, the city's founder, to Tiffeny Milbrett, an Olympic and World Cup champion soccer player	player	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
A rink was laid out over the parking lot and held firm despite 95 degree temperatures. Behind a goal from Wayne Gretzky, the Kings came back from a 2 – 0 deficit to win 5 – 2 before a crowd of over 13,000. The game served as	as	ADP	a	DET	 a
In the 1950s, the Armour Hot Dog Co. purified 1 kg of pure bovine pancreatic ribonuclease A and made it freely available to scientists; this gesture helped ribonuclease A become a major target for biochemical study for the following decades. Linus Pauling is credited with the successful	successful	ADJ	prediction	NOUN	 prediction
Batman Returns's budget was an estimated $65 million, grossing $266,822,354 worldwide, making the film a financial success. Warner Bros., however, was disappointed as it was still substantially less than the first film. Burton was asked to restrict himself to the role	role	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
" In 1967 he again played Shylock; this was the last time he acted in a Shakespeare play on stage. His performance won critical praise, but the rest of the cast were less well received. Interspersed with his stage plays, Richardson made thirteen cinema films	films	NOUN	during	ADP	 during
Shatner described The Voyage Home's comic quality as one " that verges on tongue in cheek but isn't; it's as though the characters within the play have a great deal of joy about themselves, a joy of living [and] you play it with	with	ADP	the	DET	 the
In a short poem, " Mea culpa ", published in 1890 Saint Saëns accused himself of lack of decadence, and commented approvingly on the excessive enthusiasms of youth, lamenting that such things were not for him. An English commentator quoted the poem in 1910,	,	PUNCT	observing	VERB	 observing
Tokiwa displaced 9,667 metric tons (9,514 long tons) at normal load and 10,476 metric tons (10,311 long tons) at deep load. The ship had a metacentric height of 0.88 meters (2 ft 11 in). Her crew consisted of 676 officers and enlisted	enlisted	VERB	men	NOUN	 men
Critics called Big Red Rock's side one its " song " side and side two its " jazz " side. " Lady Montego ", " Talkin ' ' Bout You ", " Goin ' Home " and " Nostalgic Blues " are rock songs; the	the	DET	first	ADJ	 first
The release of the video to the streaming service Tidal was plagued by technical difficulties, and was met with a mixed response. Critics complimented the craziness of the clip but panned the absence of the guest stars from the set. " Hold Tight " was a radio	radio	NOUN	only	ADV	 only
The depression intensified as it moved to the northwest, becoming a deep depression on July 7. The system made landfall on the Orissa coast during the morning of July 8 and rapidly degenerated into a broad area of low pressure overland. The remnant low moved north over	over	ADP	western	ADJ	 western
Platini said that he would allocate an additional berth to UEFA, two to Asia Football Confederation and Confederation of African Football, two shared between CONCACAF and CONMEBOL, and a guaranteed place for the Oceania Football Confederation. Platini was clear about why he wanted to expand the	the	DET	World	PROPN	 World
Crews were reduced to minimum levels. The fleet remained in captivity during the negotiations that ultimately produced the Treaty of Versailles. Reuter believed that the British intended to seize the German ships on 21 June 1919, which was the deadline for Germany to have signed the peace	peace	NOUN	treaty	NOUN	 treaty
McCann notes that one of reasons that Grant was so successful with his film career is that he was not conscious of how handsome he was on screen, acting in a fashion which was most unexpected and unusual from a Hollywood star of that period. George Cukor once	once	ADV	stated	VERB	 stated
In dolphinfish, males have larger and blunter heads than females. In several minnow species, males develop swollen heads and small bumps known as breeding tubercles during the breeding season. The male green humphead parrotfish has a more well developed forehead with an " ossified ridge "	"	PUNCT	which	PRON	 which
The Union advance on the Dunker Church resumed and cut a large gap in Jackson's defensive line, which teetered near collapse. Although the cost was steep, Hooker's corps was making steady progress. Confederate reinforcements arrived just after 7 a.m. The divisions under McLaws and	and	CCONJ	Richard	PROPN	 Richard
The last game of the season, at the Boleyn Ground, saw West Ham draw 2 – 2 against Aston Villa, ensuring a tenth place finish three points ahead of rivals Tottenham Hotspur. It was a five place improvement on the previous season, and most importantly	importantly	ADV	West	PROPN	 West
This led founder Samuel Goldwyn, Jr. to remark: " The fact that Columbia is distributing the Care Bears sequel is typical of the greed of the big studios. Someone else has to go in and prove something works, then a studio will charge in. "	"	PUNCT	By	ADP	 By
It was the second North Indian Ocean cyclone to receive a name, after Onil earlier in the year. Agni formed on November 28 well to the southwest of India in the Arabian Sea, and steadily intensified as it tracked northwestward. The Joint Typhoon Warning Center (	(	PUNCT	JTWC	PROPN	JTWC
HexaDrive handled the 2D screen displays, world map features and lip synching, while Square Enix handled the 3D graphics, such as character models in cutscenes. Lighting effects and in game assets were improved and updated for HD consoles using the DirectX 11 technology utilized for XV	XV	PROPN	.	PUNCT	.
However, most of the fans had flown in from Canada. This edition of the Continental Cup used the same format as that of the previous year. Out of the sixty total points available, a majority of points was needed to win the cup. The mixed	mixed	ADJ	doubles	NOUN	 doubles
Jim, however, believes that the entire exercise is pointless. Andy decides he needs to make a move on Erin (Ellie Kemper) before the day is out, as he may otherwise never see her again due to the possible impending closure of Dunder Mifflin.	.	PUNCT	While	SCONJ	 While
In China, dances with weapon have been recorded for a long time. The founder of the Han Dynasty Liu Bang was said to be fond of the war dance of the Ba people. Large scale performances of the dance involved the brandishing of various weapons to the	the	DET	accompaniment	NOUN	 accompaniment
The Halo franchise has produced numerous merchandising partnerships, and the characters of Halo have likewise been featured in a variety of products. The Master Chief, being the symbol of the franchise, has appeared on everything from soda to T shirts and mugs. At one point	point	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
Filton Abbey Wood is the third station on the site. The first station, Filton, was opened in 1863 by the Bristol and South Wales Union Railway. The station had a single platform, with a second added in 1886 to cope with traffic from the Severn	Severn	PROPN	Tunnel	PROPN	 Tunnel
However, it was subsequently banned in Nazi Germany in 1936 as " political allegory on the treatment of Jews in Europe. " Many copies of the novel were burned, making original first editions rare and difficult to find. When Felix Salten visited the United States as	as	ADP	a	DET	 a
The England game was John and Edwards ' fifteenth Wales international together, in an away match which recorded the largest haul of tries for the Welsh team in England since 1908. John scored one of the tries along with a dropped goal. Due to an injury to	to	ADP	Edwards	PROPN	 Edwards
However, crude oil discoveries in Texas during the 1920s and in the Middle East in the mid 20th century brought most oil shale industries to a halt. In 1944, the US recommenced shale oil extraction as part of its Synthetic Liquid Fuels Program. These industries continued	continued	VERB	until	SCONJ	 until
Tillman, Samuel Escue (1990). Smith, Dwight La Vern, ed. The Kansas Frontier, 1869 1870: Lt. Samuel Tillman's First Tour of Duty. Kansas State Historical Society. Retrieved April 25, 2009. Tillman, Samuel (May 21	21	NUM	,	PUNCT	,
Tibbitt and Torresan also worked as storyboard directors. The episode originally aired on Nickelodeon in the United States on March 15, 2000, with a TV Y7 parental rating. Series head writer of the first season Merriwether Williams said the episode's story is " so simple	simple	ADJ	.	PUNCT	.
His passion was for anatomy; he told the story of how he had been so concentrated on an anatomy dissection one day in 1843 that he failed to look outside to observe the street procession known as the " Disruption " which launched the Free Church of Scotland.	.	PUNCT	He	PRON	 He
Two days later, del Potro defeated Novak Djokovic in the bronze medal match. It was Del Potro's first victory over Djokovic, excluding a win that occurred in the Davis Cup where Djokovic retired after dropping the first set. Del Potro returned to hard courts to	to	PART	play	VERB	 play
" The Louvre has been accused of behaving " like a corporation with a clearly defined strategy: profit maximization. " In the words of Didier Rykner: We have lost a battle, but the combat continues. In April 2011, over 120 international artists urged a	a	DET	boycott	NOUN	 boycott
The Music City Bowl took place on December 31, and in a contest against Southeastern Conference opponent Vanderbilt, Boston College lost, 16 – 13. The loss ended a streak of eight consecutive bowl game wins for Boston College. In the Orange Bowl, Virginia Tech	Tech	PROPN	emerged	VERB	 emerged
After their return to London, her former husband, Leigh Holman, who could still exert a strong influence on her, stayed with the Oliviers and helped calm her. In 1958 considering her marriage to be over, Leigh began a relationship with the actor Jack Merivale	Merivale	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
A single mother once again, Maya begins to find success as a performer. She gets a job dancing and singing at The Purple Onion, a popular nightclub in San Francisco, and — on the recommendation of the club's owners — she changes her name from	from	ADP	Marguerite	PROPN	 Marguerite
Another change visible in that issue is the reversal of the title coloring to white lettering on a block of red; this was used from August 1963 to December 1965. In August 1969 the title was enlarged to fill the width of the magazine; this issue had	had	VERB	the	DET	 the
Steinbeck suggested that he write a sequel to Cannery Row that would feature the characters attractive to Feuer and Martin. Based on suggestions for the story line by Feuer and Martin, Steinbeck began to write Sweet Thursday. Cannery Row is set in Monterey, California, before	before	ADP	World	PROPN	 World
That same year, MIGA held a conference in Ghana to promote investment. The agency joined the Berne Union, an international community of export credit and investment insurance providers in 1994. In 1997, MIGA issued the inaugural contract under its Cooperative Underwriting Program to support an	an	DET	energy	NOUN	 energy
In late July, it was announced that Iris would air on Wednesdays and Thursdays on KBS2, for premiere on October 14. Filming continued throughout the year and, on October 5, a production press conference was held for the Korean and world media just over a	a	PRON	week	NOUN	 week
Unable to find it amongst the narrow, winding alleyways, the convoy came under devastating small arms and RPG fire. The convoy had to return to base after suffering numerous casualties, and sustaining substantial damage to their vehicles. Reinforcements, consisting of elements from the QRF	QRF	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
The river flows briefly to the south, passing Cowdray on the east bank, which is a scheduled ancient monument. It consists of a medieval fortified house, which is partly ruined, although some of it has been reused. It is situated within Cowdray Park,	,	PUNCT	a	DET	 a
His best friend and fellow courier, Zeke Jedediah Dunbar (voiced by Caleb Moody) takes initial refuge from the chaos on the streets at a rooftop pad and becomes both impressed and envious of Cole's newfound powers. Trish Dailey (voiced by October Moore) is	is	AUX	a	DET	 a
1221 – 28), was once more embroiled in warfare with Nicaea as it supported Laskaris ' brothers in their challenge against the new Nicaean emperor, John III Doukas Vatatzes (r. 1222 – 54). The first detachments of the assembling crusade, under Count Oberto	Oberto	PROPN	II	PROPN	 II
When Miles arrives at the FBI Headquarters, Mulder, Doggett, Skinner and Krycek help Scully to escape along with Reyes who drives her to a remote farm. Shortly after Skinner kills Krycek, Scully delivers an apparently normal baby while the alien " Super Soldiers " surround	surround	VERB	her	PRON	 her
Winehouse first appealed the fines, but later dropped the appeal. On 26 April 2008, Winehouse was cautioned after she admitted to police she slapped a 38 year old man in the face, a " common assault " offence, her first of two. She voluntarily	voluntarily	ADV	turned	VERB	 turned
As Susan settles into Ramsay Street, she hopes to get back into teaching. Susan gets involved in the drama society and works at the Coffee Shop for Annalise Hartman (Kimberley Davies). Karl wants to have another child, but Susan is opposed to the idea	idea	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
The takeover was a friendly one, and dependent upon the agreement of the Webster family, who owned 20 per cent of the company. Watney Mann was motivated by an increase to their tied estate. Following the takeover, Webster's continued as a regional subsidiary of	of	ADP	the	DET	 the
Lord Fairfax sent for Martin, who arrived in Virginia from England aboard the Hatley on May 24, 1751, accompanied by William Fairfax, who had been seeking an appointment to a position in England. Martin and Fairfax arrived in Williamsburg, where they dined with Fairfax	Fairfax	PROPN	's	PART	's
After moving into the Great Australian Bight on 24 April, the storm dissipated. Despite Orson's extreme intensity, damage was relatively minimal as it struck a sparsely populated region of Western Australia. Five people were killed offshore and damages amounted to A $20 million (	(	PUNCT	US	PROPN	US
The highway's designation consists entirely of a bridge on Seashore Road (County Route 626), which is known as Relocated Seashore Road. The southern terminus of the highway is an intersection with County Routes 641 and 626 in Lower Township. After crossing the Cape May	May	PROPN	Canal	PROPN	 Canal
In northern Mesopotamia, both the Amorites and Babylonians were driven from Assyria by Puzur Sin a native Akkadian speaking ruler, circa 1740 BC. Around the same time, native Akkadian speakers threw off Amorite Babylonian rule in the far south of Mesopotamia, creating the Sealand Dynasty	Dynasty	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
In 2000, with wheeled carry on baggage becoming more popular, Delta Air Lines began installing overhead bin extensions on their 757 200s to provide additional storage space, and American Airlines did the same in 2001. The larger bins are part of aftermarket interior upgrades which include	include	VERB	updated	VERB	 updated
Despite the injury, he was projected as the starter. The injury caused him to miss an exhibition game. When he returned to practice he was soon also dealing with a sprained elbow. He lost the job to Garnes after missing a lot of exhibition time and	and	CCONJ	allowing	VERB	 allowing
" In the 1980s, Peterson was described by Oregonian columnist Margie Boulé as " arguably, the most recognizable man in Portland. " Peterson's most famous commercials were his " Wake up! Wake up! " spots, which began airing in the mid 1970s.	.	PUNCT	Peterson	PROPN	 Peterson
Freudberg stated that the concept " was radical because we had never veered from that magazine mosaic and had never given any character more than another character to do ". Animator Mo Willems came up with the idea of creating a less realistic setting compared to the rest of	of	ADP	the	DET	 the
By measuring Pb isotope compositions of sediments from the Tiber River and the Trajanic Harbor, the present work shows that “ tap water ” from ancient Rome had 100 times more lead than local spring waters. Romans also consumed lead through the consumption of defrutum, carenum,	,	PUNCT	and	CCONJ	 and
Moreover, information from studies of community ecology, plant systematics, and taxonomy is essential to understanding vegetation change, habitat destruction and species extinction. Inheritance in plants follows the same fundamental principles of genetics as in other multicellular organisms. Gregor Mendel discovered the genetic laws of	of	ADP	inheritance	NOUN	 inheritance
Hurricane advisories issued every six hours by the regional hurricane offices began at this time. The National Hurricane Center became a tropical cyclone warning center in 1956, and assumed many of the functions it has today by 1965. The National Hurricane Research Project, begun in the	the	DET	1950s	NOUN	 1950s
On the cape are some narrow strips of beach, which are suitable for landing. The beach in Norvegiabukta is just 4 meters (13 ft) wide and is entered via the natural arch Tsarporten. On the west side is a plateau, while the north and	and	CCONJ	south	ADJ	 south
Apple admitted that it had failed to anticipate the sales ratio between the iPhone 5C and the iPhone 5S, leading to an overstocking of the 5C and shortages of the 5S. Six months after the release of the iPhone 5S, on March 25, 2014, Apple announced	announced	VERB	that	SCONJ	 that
He is also a member of the National Society of Black Engineers and the Dallas Association of Minority Engineers. Following his success in the NBA, Bosh soon had his own YouTube channel, and has since made various TV appearances. In December 2009, First Ink,	,	PUNCT	a	DET	 a
Part 4, which Hues considered the most important part of the work, explained how the globes enabled seamen to determine the sun's position, latitude, course and distance, amplitudes and azimuths, and time and declination. The final part of the work contained a	a	DET	treatise	NOUN	 treatise
Independent but officially licensed releases of Final Fantasy IV music have been orchestrated by such groups as Project Majestic Mix, which focuses on arranging video game music. Selections also appear on Japanese remix albums, called dōjin music, and on English remixing websites such as OverClocked ReMix	ReMix	PROPN	.	PUNCT	.
An injured James then reveals about Raj's past. Raj's father Suryanarayana (R. Parthiepan) was a respected man in Rayadurg and his best friend, a rich man named Ramamurthy (Nassar), was Chaitra's father. Chaitra and Raj were childhood friends.	.	PUNCT	Bellary	PROPN	 Bellary
There are tense dramatic scenes, and above all there is the question that must be faced, " Who's Your Neighbor? " " The film was declared to be the " most satisfactory picture Denver has had in many months " by the Paris Theater in the	the	DET	September	PROPN	 September
Upon taking over as leader of the Labor Party on 24 June 2010, Gillard said she could " assure " Australians that the Federal Budget would be in surplus in 2013. The Government continued to promise this outcome until December 2012. Gillard initially ruled out a "	"	PUNCT	carbon	NOUN	 carbon
In 939, Constantine married his first wife Helena, a daughter of the patrikios Adrian, an Armenian. Symeon Magister records the death of Helena on 14 January 940, and on 2 February of the same year, Constantine married his second wife, Theophano Mamas.	.	PUNCT	Constantine	PROPN	 Constantine
The safety of these medications in pregnancy is unclear. Dietary modifications may be of benefit to some children with ADHD. A 2013 meta analysis found less than a third of children with ADHD see some improvement in symptoms with free fatty acid supplementation or decreased eating of artificial	artificial	ADJ	food	NOUN	 food
" " Bésame Mucho " was first included on the 1991 album The Blessing, Rubalcaba's first recording to be issued in the United States, and the version was named by Scott Yanow of Allmusic a " highlight " of the album, including accompaniment from Haden on	on	ADP	bass	NOUN	 bass
Mirkin said he felt the gremlin was well done because he looked scary and " yet it looks like a completely organic Simpsons character ". Üter, a character from Germany, makes his first appearance on the show in this segment; he was conceived as a one	one	NUM	time	NOUN	 time
French aligned African countries supported the secessionists who, provided with mercenaries and weapons by Jean Mauricheau Beaupré, began a civil war. By the end of the 1960s, French supported nations suddenly and openly distanced themselves from France and Côte d'Ivoire's position on the civil war	war	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
George Bluth Sr., patriarch of the Bluth family, is the founder and former CEO of the Bluth Company which markets and builds mini mansions among many other activities. His son Michael serves as manager of the company, and, after being passed over for a	a	DET	promotion	NOUN	 promotion
Further organization was initially hindered by strong easterly wind shear as it drifted toward the west southwest along the northern fringes of a mid level zonal ridge. The latitudinal ridge was perturbed by a broad frontal system from 21 to 22 February, reducing wind shear around the low	low	ADJ	and	CCONJ	 and
However, a number of critics were angered by their presence and nudity, including Pope Adrian VI who wanted the ceiling stripped. Michelangelo was the artistic heir to the great 15th century sculptors and painters of Florence. He learnt his trade first under the direction of a	a	DET	masterly	ADV	 masterly
A flight of CH 46 Sea Knights later arrived and, in a scene that would be repeated at Khâm Đức, chaos descended on the allied formation as Nung and U.S personnel fought their way onto the helicopters. Some of the Nung soldiers had to be thrown off	off	ADP	because	SCONJ	 because
As of July 2014, about 32,000 i MiEV family passenger vehicles have been sold worldwide, with Japan as the leading market with over 10,000 i MiEVs sold, followed by Norway with more than 4,900 units, France with over 4,700 units, Germany with more than 2,400	2,400	NUM	units	NOUN	 units
The song is still heard on re issues of early recordings and on post World War II recordings by Donald Adams and others. In 1942, George Orwell noted that " The phrase " killing Kruger with your mouth "... was current till very recently ". In	In	ADP	2010	NUM	 2010
Sarbel, Greece's 2007 entrant, also performed his entry " Yassou Maria " as well as the previously unheard single " Eho Trelathi ". The national final was streamed live on New Hellenic Television (NET), ERT World, and the official websites of ERT	ERT	PROPN	and	CCONJ	 and
Linkin Park was founded in 1996 as the rap rock band, Xero: lead guitarist Brad Delson, vocalist and rhythm guitarist Mike Shinoda, drummer Rob Bourdon, turntablist Joe Hahn, lead vocalist Mark Wakefield and bassist Dave Farrell (who was not with the band during	during	ADP	this	DET	 this
In addition, an extensive permanent pumping system was installed to restore and maintain lake levels in Østmarka. Curing the leaks and cleaning up the contamination delayed the tunnel's completion by a year, and it was finally opened on 22 August 1999. The entire process was	was	AUX	further	ADV	 further
He explained that rapid editing was necessary on account of the characters ' lack of facial expression, which made it difficult to sustain the viewer's interest for more than a few seconds per shot. After viewing the completed 25 minute pilot, " Trapped in the Sky	Sky	PROPN	"	PUNCT	 "
The primary terrorist group in the film is the fictional group Black October, in reference to Black September. The film was shot in Israel and Lundgren stays at the famous King David Hotel. Although the film was not a major success, Robert Cettl in his 2009	2009	NUM	book	NOUN	 book
He promoted aggressive measures against the insurgents, and in so doing, he also sought to raise his own political profile. Clad in immaculately tailored battledress, he would fly by helicopter to a beleaguered army outpost; wearing dark glasses and sporting a swagger stick, deliver	deliver	VERB	a	DET	 a
Growing unrest in the Middle Colonies eventually led the region to become the meeting place for the Continental Congress, and a center for revolution. However, there were numerous pockets of neutrals and Loyalists. The Middle Colonies tended to mix aspects of the New England and Southern	Southern	PROPN	Colonies	PROPN	 Colonies
The mid season sale led to concerns about the Maroons: " The transfer of Dunlap to Detroit is a small thing in itself, but its bearing on the entire base ball world is so great as to almost revolutionize the present order of things. He was the	the	DET	king	NOUN	 king
Not only do we not share that point of view, but we attest that, given our present knowledge of the case, nothing supports that conclusion. In fact, the reverse is true. " Enderlin responded to Leconte and Jeambar in January 2005 in Le Figaro	Figaro	PROPN	.	PUNCT	.
The anterior end is not clearly defined as a head but contains the sense organs, brain and pharynx. Cilia are found around the mouth and on the ventral surface of the head and body. The trunk contains the gut and the reproductive organs. At the posterior	posterior	ADJ	end	NOUN	 end
The next day, 25 November, Task Force Dolvin resumed its advance, with 51 Rangers of the Eighth Army Ranger Company continuing north on the 89th's tanks. The troops immediately ran into Chinese resistance as they began to advance. On both flanks, Task Force	Force	PROPN	Dolvin	PROPN	 Dolvin
Delphine meets with Sarah to ask if her young daughter, Kira, will donate her bone marrow to help cure Cosima's illness, and Kira agrees. Meanwhile, Cosima works with her lab assistant Scott (Josh Vokey) and Rachel's adoptive father Ethan (Andrew	Andrew	PROPN	Gillies	PROPN	 Gillies
The studio wanted a diversified cartoon portfolio, so despite the success of Puss Gets the Boot, Barbera and Hanna's supervisor, Fred Quimby, did not want to produce more cat and mouse cartoons believing that there were already enough cartoons of those in existence. Surprised	Surprised	VERB	by	ADP	 by
In 1978, the motto was replaced with the team's name, " Eastern Suburbs ". This name was kept until 1994, when the club changed its playing name to the " Sydney City Roosters " for the start of the 1995 season to expand the club	club	NOUN	's	PART	's
The torpedo rooms held 12 torpedoes total, plus 12 naval defense miness. Her crew consisted of 1,042 officers and enlisted men. New York was laid down on 11 September 1911 in New York Navy Yard in Brooklyn. The New York class was constructed under new labor	labor	NOUN	laws	NOUN	 laws
In keeping with this tradition, the Cha Cha Slide, the Cupid Shuffle, and the Soulja Boy are always performed to their respective songs. DJ Willie " Casper " Perry created the song " Cha Cha Slide " in 1996 for a personal trainer in his hometown	hometown	NOUN	Chicago	PROPN	 Chicago
A national broadcast TV audience on ABC, NBC and CBS affiliate stations, as well as major independent TV stations, was desired by CBS / Epic Records to promote Thriller. The national broadcast TV premiere of the Thriller album's first video, " Billie Jean "	"	PUNCT	,	PUNCT	,
Author Christine Geraghty asserts that Dot's role in the mothering structure of the serial has been confirmed. Describing Dot, Brown has said, " I love playing her – she's a strong character. Dear old Dot, she's got strong moral views and odd	odd	ADJ	religious	ADJ	 religious
Barbosa insisted that this would not happen, continuing his support towards a military operation. On May 12, 1898, the United States Navy bombarded San Juan, initiating the Puerto Rican Campaign. Initially, the Liberal Party supported the Spanish government, although several members agreed	agreed	VERB	with	ADP	 with
After Brooks pitched the episode, the script was written by Ken Keeler. Although David Mirkin was executive producer for most of the sixth season, the episode was executive produced by Al Jean and Mike Reiss. Jay Sherman's appearance was Simpsonized: he was made yellow	yellow	ADJ	and	CCONJ	 and
Hepburn was delighted that Tracy was available for Woman of the Year, saying " I was just damned grateful he was willing to work with me. " The romantic comedy performed well at the box office and received strong reviews. William Boehnel wrote in the New York	York	PROPN	World	PROPN	 World
The book was a response to Henry Fielding's The History of Tom Jones, a Foundling, which parodied the morals presented in Richardson's previous novels. The novel follows the story of Harriet Byron who is pursued by Sir Hargrave Pollexfen. After she rejects Pollexfen,	,	PUNCT	he	PRON	 he
" Party in the U.S.A. " was officially released for airplay on August 3, 2009, and as a digital download on August 11, 2009. " Party in the U.S.A. " is a song with a length of three minutes and 23 seconds. The song has	has	AUX	been	AUX	 been
Murray began his clay court season at the 2016 Monte Carlo Rolex Masters as the 2nd seed. Murray struggled in his second round match against Pierre Hugues Herbert but Murray came through in 3 sets. Murray struggled again in his third round match against 16th seed Benoît Paire	Paire	PROPN	as	ADP	 as
" Peter Bessell, eight years older than Thorpe, had a successful business career before entering Liberal politics in the 1950s. He came to the party's attention in 1955 when, as the Liberal candidate in the Torquay by election, he substantially increased his party's	's	PART	vote	NOUN	 vote
Although he could no longer bowl, Jardine would not let him leave the field while Bradman was still batting, believing that Larwood's continuing presence represented a psychological threat. When Bradman was out, he and Larwood left the field together, although no words were exchanged	exchanged	VERB	.	PUNCT	.
Altgens had retired from the AP in 1979 after more than 40 years, rather than accept a transfer to a different bureau. He spent his later years working on display advertising for the Ford Motor Company and answering repeated requests for interviews made by assassination researchers. Though	Though	SCONJ	these	DET	 these
Curtana's inscription reveals that the sword has the same " temper as Joyeuse and Durendal. " Accordingly, some speculated before the release of Halo 3 whether the " smart " Cortana would follow Marathon's Durandal in succumbing to rampancy, a concept invented by Bungie in	in	ADP	which	PRON	 which
Fifteen foot rangefinders were mounted on " A " and " B " turrets, the torpedo control tower abaft the mainmast, and the armoured hood. The fore top was equipped with a 12 foot (3.7 m) rangefinder and the anti aircraft guns were controlled by	by	ADP	a	DET	 a
Favorites Soviet Union boasted the silver medalists in the 100 m finals hosted several days earlier in backstroke and breaststroke (Viktor Kuznetsov and Arsens Miskarovs respectively), while their butterflyer (Yevgeny Seredin) and freestyler (Sergey Kopliakov) had come fifth and fourth in their respective	respective	ADJ	100	NUM	 100
" During the 19th and 20th centuries, several scholars asserted that Asser's biography of King Alfred was not authentic, but a forgery. A prominent claim was made in 1964 by the respected historian V.H. Galbraith in his essay " Who Wrote Asser's Life of Alfred	Alfred	PROPN	?	PUNCT	?
When this current interacts with the northeastern coast of South America, the current forks into two branches. One passes into the Caribbean Sea, while a second, the Antilles Current, flows north and east of the West Indies. These two branches rejoin north of the	the	DET	Straits	PROPN	 Straits
In 2014, the specimens were described in the Nature journal by Lee, Barsbold, Currie, Yoshitsugu Kobayashi, Hang Jae Lee Lee, Godefroit, Escuillié, and Tsogtbaatar Chinzorig. A similar series of events was reported earlier in 2014 with Spinosaurus, another sail backed	backed	VERB	theropod	NOUN	 theropod
However, at Loie Fuller's behest, the building was turned into a museum instead. Hill wished it to be dedicated in 1926, and he conceived it as a monument to peace, to his wife Mary, and to Queen Marie herself. Marie agreed to	to	PART	come	VERB	 come
Their colour may vary, from grey to white, or in some cases red, green, or brown. Isopods vary in size, ranging from some Microcerberidae species of just 0.3 mm to the deep sea Bathynomus spp. of nearly 50 cm (20 in)	)	PUNCT	.	PUNCT	.
Routes 26, 46 and 50, which serve Hollingbury and Hollingdean northbound and Brighton city centre, Hove and Southwick southbound, run via Ditchling Road. Routes along London Road include the 5 (Patcham to Hangleton) and 56 (Patcham to the Knoll Estate in Hove	Hove	PROPN	)	PUNCT	)
Most contemporary critics complimented the song, noticing the confidence it hides and the carnival esque, yet melancholy, theme. On the other hand, some considered it was not one of the album's best tracks and it makes the singer a " theoretical pop princess "	"	PUNCT	.	PUNCT	.
The compilation received generally positive reviews from music critics. Music journalist Robert Christgau gave a positive review, stating that Madonna " gleans goodies from the overrated Bedtime Stories and Ray of Light, mixes in the glorious soundtrack only ' Beautiful Stranger ' and the dismal soundtrack only	only	ADV	'	PUNCT	 '
The anime received a mostly positive review from Bradley Meek THEM Anime Reviews. Bradley appreciated the animation, saying that " It does wonders for the mood in the series, adding a tangible layer of mysticism and fantasy. " However, he criticized the series being "	"	PUNCT	cheesy	NOUN	 cheesy
Mike Perigard of the Boston Herald criticized the storylines involving the rapist as " just vile ". Joel McHale from E! ' s weekly television series The Soup turned a scene in which Chad insisted he was " not gay ", despite his affair with Vincent,	,	PUNCT	into	ADP	 into
(The same acquisitions later became part of the public scandal when he revisited them as COO and CEO in 2011). He is given plausible reassurances and also promoted to run Olympus ' entire European business. He accepts 2011 1 April – Woodford appointed Olympus president and	and	CCONJ	chief	ADJ	 chief
The steppe societies of Inner Asia, whose climate favoured a pastoral economy, stood in stark contrast to the Chinese mode of development. As animal herds are migratory by nature, communities could not afford to be stationary and therefore evolved as nomads. According to the influential	influential	ADJ	Mongolist	PROPN	 Mongolist
Perhaps if he had lived he could have done no more. " Rutkow writes, " James Abram Garfield's presidency is reduced to a tantalizing ' what if. ' " Peskin believes Garfield deserves more credit for his political career than he has received: True,	,	PUNCT	his	PRON	 his
Although the incident was resolved without violence, Dunmore, fearing for his personal safety, left Williamsburg in June 1775 and placed his family on board a Royal Navy ship. He then assembled a small British fleet at Norfolk, a port town whose merchants had significant Loyalist	Loyalist	PROPN	(	PUNCT	 (
A native of Virginia, he was the son of a prominent Methodist minister, and was himself ordained as a minister after earning his bachelor's degree and master's degree. He later earned a second master's degree and his doctorate. After teaching for several years	years	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
Formed out of a 1944 alliance of the Minnesota Democratic and Farmer Labor parties, its distinction from the national Democratic Party, while still official, is now but a technicality. The state has had active third party movements. The Reform Party, now the Independence Party	Party	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
Correlations with handedness and birth order have also been reported for male homosexuality, possibly indicating that it has a similar origin. Non measurement in some areas of sexual orientation is accepted by the American Psychological Association, the American Psychiatric Association, and the National Association of Social	Social	PROPN	Workers	PROPN	 Workers
Epidural corticosteroid injections provide a slight and questionable short term improvement in those with sciatica but are of no long term benefit. There are also concerns of potential side effects. Surgery may be useful in those with a herniated disc that is causing significant pain radiating into the	the	DET	leg	NOUN	 leg
" Gonzalez gave " Light Up the World " a " B + ", but said it sounded a " bit too much " like " Loser Like Me ", and while Benigno thought it had a better melody than " Loser " and also made " much	much	ADV	better	ADJ	 better
This last section, running over the local authority's rails, connected Grand Quevilly (Rue de l ’ Église) and, on a branch, the district of Petit Quevilly (opened 1 August 1915). The network had grown to its largest, with 70	70	NUM	km	NOUN	 km
Following this, tamp the surface with pestles or stamp with feet randomly to even out the surface. Every five cun layer of earth should be compressed to three cun; every three cun layer of brick and stone to one and a half cun. Rammed earth walls	walls	NOUN	during	ADP	 during
Krusty even gets musician Sting to join other celebrities in recording a charity single, " We're Sending Our Love Down the Well ". However, Lisa catches Bart in the act and reminds him he put a label with his name on the radio. Bart falls	falls	VERB	into	ADP	 into
For example, as historian Władysław Czapliński describes in the Sejm of 1611 context, some resolutions were struck down, but others passed. From the mid 17th century onward, however, an objection to any item of Sejm legislation from a deputy or senator automatically caused other	other	ADJ	,	PUNCT	,
" Zhao Chu, a writer decried the one child policy as a " profit oriented activity that everyone hates, " writing " this is not about enforcing the policy, it is about depriving someone ’ s right to live. " Liang Jianzhang, chief executive of	of	ADP	Ctrip	PROPN	 Ctrip
The outer surface bears usually eight comb rows, called swimming plates, which are used for swimming. The rows are oriented to run from near the mouth (the " oral pole ") to the opposite end (the " aboral pole "), and are	are	AUX	spaced	VERB	 spaced
" In July 1974, Kennedy was sold to Liverpool for a club record £200,000. Manager Bill Shankly resigned on the same day as the transfer was made, though had admired Kennedy for years and stated that " maybe it will be said that one of the	the	DET	last	ADJ	 last
The Evil Dead developed a substantial cult following throughout the years, and has often been cited as a defining cult classic. The Evil Dead has spawned a media empire. A video game adaptation of the same name was for the Commodore 64 in 1984, as was	was	AUX	a	DET	 a
Additionally, the soundtrack was popular for bringing popular J pop artists such as Nami Tamaki and T.M. Revolution to perform the theme songs. The casting of many talented voice actors, such as Rie Tanaka, Seki Tomokazu and Houko Kuwashima, provided the emotional depth in scenes	scenes	NOUN	that	PRON	 that
Blanket bogs formed on sites where Neolithic farmers cleared trees for farming. As the land so cleared fell into disuse, the soil began to leach and become more acidic, producing a suitable environment for the growth of heather and rushes. The debris from these plants accumulated	accumulated	VERB	and	CCONJ	 and
The other two midgets followed at twenty minute intervals and were similarly delayed. The choice of targets was left up to the midget commanders, with advice that they should primarily target aircraft carriers or battleships, with cruisers as secondary targets. The midgets were to operate to	to	ADP	the	DET	 the
As part of these, Earl William was given the manor of Conisbrough, which had previously been owned by the late Harold Godwinson. The manor took its name from the Anglo Saxon name for the settlement, Cyningesburh, meaning " the king's fortress ", and	and	CCONJ	formed	VERB	 formed
The fourth series premiere did not fare as well, with fewer than 500,000 viewers. The viewership of the on demand video offerings for Meerkat Manor grew 20% in September 2007, when Discovery offered each third series episode, video capsules of series one and two,	,	PUNCT	top	ADJ	 top
Bill Lamp for About.com gave it a positive review, labeling it " a mega power ballad ". Frank Bruni for The New York Times commented that the song " proclaims that she ’ s " far from over ". Tina Mrazik for Associated Content labelled it "	"	PUNCT	ultimate	ADJ	 ultimate
The film director is unknown, but it may have been Barry O'Neil. Film historian Q. David Bowers does not attribute a cameraman for this production, but at least two possible candidates exist. Blair Smith was the first cameraman of the Thanhouser company, but he was	was	AUX	soon	ADV	 soon
She had a beam of 15.5 m (50 ft 10 in) and a draft of 5.2 m (17 ft 1 in). Her longitudinally framed hull was subdivided by 15 transverse watertight bulkheads. Duralumin was extensively used in the superstructure to save weight, but	but	CCONJ	this	PRON	 this
Lee was charged with drug trafficking and importation offences and appeared in the Brisbane Magistrates Court on 13 February 2006, the same day the first of the nine accused in Indonesia learned of their fate. Lee was bailed to reappear in court with the five others on 3	3	NUM	April	PROPN	 April
The completion of the lake finally laid the platform for the development of Griffin's Parliamentary Triangle. Since the initial construction of the lake, various buildings of national importance have been constructed on its shores. The newly built Australian National University was expanded, and sculptures and	and	CCONJ	monuments	NOUN	 monuments
Frozen was nominated for various awards and won a number of them, including several for Best Animated Feature. The song " Let It Go " was particularly praised. The film was nominated for two Golden Globes at the 71st Golden Globe Awards and won for Best Animated	Animated	PROPN	Feature	NOUN	 Feature
In late November 2003, CMLL held an eight team, three week tournament to crown new champions. Most of the teams in the tournament had not teamed up on a regular basis prior to the show, except for Los Nuevo Infernales. In the end, the	the	DET	team	NOUN	 team
Soon afterward, Hendrix relocated to the city's Greenwich Village and began a residency at the Cafe Wha? fronting his own band, Jimmy James and the Blue Flames. Keith recommended Hendrix to Stones manager Andrew Loog Oldham and producer Seymour Stein. They failed to see	see	VERB	Hendrix	PROPN	 Hendrix
On February 24, 2013, Rowland co hosted the Academy Awards pre show for the 85th Academy Awards alongside Kristin Chenoweth, Lara Spencer, Robin Roberts and Jess Cagle. In May 2013, it was announced that Rowland would replace Britney Spears as a judge on The	The	DET	X	PROPN	 X
Alabama scored their first points early in the second quarter on a one yard Greg McElroy touchdown pass to Trent Richardson to take a 7 – 3 lead at the half. Both teams traded touchdowns in the third. The Tigers scored first on a 75 yard Rueben Randle	Randle	PROPN	reception	NOUN	 reception
The term érablé, referring to maple leaves, is often used in Canadian arms. For example, as a tressure érablé in the arms of the Monarchist League of Canada, coronets érablé in the arms of Sudbury and Canada's National History Society, and as a	a	DET	partition	NOUN	 partition
Serving as a sergeant during the First World War, Statton was awarded the Victoria Cross in 1918 following his assault on four German machine guns. With three men, Statton rushed the posts armed with only a revolver and succeeded in capturing the first gun. Moving to	to	ADP	the	DET	 the
In 1931 Jack L. Warner announced that his studio would stop making them, and that he had never let his 15 year old son see one. Warner Brothers 28 ‑ year ‑ old head of production Darryl F. Zanuck decided to make a gangster picture in 1930 after	after	SCONJ	one	NUM	 one
Mares and stallions from non KMSHA parents may not be registered in the main studbook, unless the parents are registered with the Rocky Mountain Horse Association, Mountain Pleasure Horse Association or Kentucky Naturally Gaited Horse Association. Geldings from unregistered parents may be registered if they otherwise meet	meet	VERB	breed	ADJ	 breed
The population of the area remained low, and the primary income source remained the carriage of goods to and from farms. Between 1899 and 1910 other lines were built in the area, providing more direct services to London and the north of England. The Brill Tramway	Tramway	PROPN	went	VERB	 went
Slavery remained the defining issue in the state for the decades to follow. In these early decades, although the legislature did not encourage free blacks to settle here, it extended suffrage to them. The first major event in the territory was the resumption of hostilities with	with	ADP	the	DET	 the
It connects the nation's capital, Zagreb, to the city of Varaždin and to Budapest, Hungary via the Goričan border crossing. The motorway represents a major north – south transportation corridor in Croatia and is a part of European routes E65 and E71. The A4	A4	NOUN	motorway	NOUN	 motorway
Fortunately for the Empire, news of a rebellion in the Caliphate forced al Mu'tasim to withdraw soon after. At the same time, Theophilos had to deal with a revolt by Theophobos and his Kurds. When rumours of Theophilos's death reached the capital, the name	name	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
This loss of access coupled with the fact that the Panama Canal was not yet open, caused American Hawaiian to return in late April to its historic route of sailing around South America via the Straits of Magellan. With the opening of the Panama Canal on 15 August	August	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
New York magazine writer Steve Kandell said " Park Safety " continued an ongoing development of the mythology of the Pawnee community, comparing it to " a live action Springfield ", the setting of the animated comedy series The Simpsons. Kandell said Samberg's character " could	could	AUX	have	AUX	 have
Warren stated that asking children to interrupt Fatt's slumber helped them build confidence and to feel more in control of their lives. Fatt was the only original member of The Wiggles without a background in early childhood education; he explained that was the reason falling asleep was	was	AUX	chosen	VERB	 chosen
In 1947, the King and his family toured Southern Africa. The Prime Minister of the Union of South Africa, Jan Smuts, was facing an election and hoped to make political capital out of the visit. George was appalled, however, when instructed by the	the	DET	South	ADJ	 South
The DC Universe was the official setting of the series, but well known DC characters and places were rarely featured after 1990. A notable exception is Lyta Hall, formerly Fury of the 1980s super team Infinity, Inc., who figures prominently in the " Kindly Ones	Ones	PROPN	"	PUNCT	 "
She and Miller split their time between their apartment in New York and an eighteenth century farmhouse they purchased in Roxbury, Connecticut, and spent the summer in Amagansett, Long Island. She became pregnant in mid 1957, but it was ectopic and had to be terminated	terminated	VERB	.	PUNCT	.
In 2000, the open pit mines at Viivikonna, Sirgala and Narva were merged into the single Narva open pit mine. Since 2003, several new mines were opened: the Põhja Kiviõli open pit mine in 2003, the Ubja open pit mine in 2005, and	and	CCONJ	the	DET	 the
Sayf al Dawla's patronage of poets had a useful political dividend too: it was part of a court poet's duty to his patron to celebrate him in his work, and poetry helped spread the influence of Sayf al Dawla and his court far across the Muslim	Muslim	ADJ	world	NOUN	 world
Heidenreich began to attack the Undertaker, covered his mouth with a soaked rag filled with chloroform. Heidenreich placed the Undertaker into the hearse and drove off. Inside the hearse, a camera was inside the hearse to show the Undertaker wake up and jump out and attack	attack	VERB	Heidenreich	PROPN	 Heidenreich
The building is divided into offices from 250 square feet (23 m2) to 6,000 square feet (560 m2) in size, and primarily serves independent professional firms. It was listed for sale in 2007. The north half is an unornamented vertical mass of purple	purple	ADJ	brown	ADJ	 brown
When the wake up call was issued to the crew for their final day in space by CAPCOM Tony England, it was about 45,000 nautical miles (83,000 km) out from Earth, traveling just over 9,000 ft / s (2,700 m / s). Just	Just	ADV	over	ADP	 over
Bede wrote some works designed to help teach grammar in the abbey school. One of these was his De arte metrica, a discussion of the composition of Latin verse, drawing on previous grammarians work. It was based on Donatus ' De pedibus and Servius ' De	De	PROPN	finalibus	NOUN	 finalibus
Reviews for season 3 of House of Cards were mostly positive. However, a few critics found the Underwood character was becoming repetitive: the critical consensus on the review aggregation site Rotten Tomatoes held that, " Season three introduces intriguing new political and personal elements to Frank	Frank	PROPN	Underwood	PROPN	 Underwood
Some terraces, semi detached houses and villas, survive from the Victorian period, although many of the larger houses have been converted into flats. Many semi detached houses survive from the 1930s, when there was a need for new housing in the town as a result	result	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
Cortical spreading depression, or spreading depression according to Leão, is bursts of neuronal activity followed by a period of inactivity, which is seen in those with migraines with an aura. There are a number of explanations for its occurrence including activation of NMDA receptors leading to	to	ADP	calcium	NOUN	 calcium
Proserpina's temperament anticipates the character Poppea in the later opera; likewise Pachino may be a forerunner for Ottone, while some of the discourses in Proserpina have the rhetorical flavour of those between Nerone and Seneca in L ' incoronazione. Redlich records that in 1644, the	the	DET	year	NOUN	 year
Candidates for high office did not personally campaign in those days, but as state Republican chairman, Arthur played a part in the campaign in his usual fashion: overseeing the effort in New York and raising money. The funds were crucial in the close election, and	and	CCONJ	winning	VERB	 winning
At the end of the 1940s a boom in science fiction magazines encouraged Pines to issue a new magazine, titled Fantastic Story Quarterly, as a vehicle for reprinting this older material, with the first issue dated Spring 1950. It was successful enough for Pines to add	add	VERB	another	DET	 another
Drowned World Tour became the highest grossing concert tour of 2001 by a solo artist, as well as the fourth highest grossing among all, behind U2, NSYNC, and the Backstreet Boys. Drowned World received the Major Tour of the Year and Most Creative Stage Production	Production	PROPN	awards	NOUN	 awards
But with the Gator Bowl (second pick of Big East teams) selecting Notre Dame instead of a Big East team, all the Big East's selections were pushed back one slot. Second place West Virginia University was pushed to the Continental Tire Bowl (third pick	pick	NOUN	)	PUNCT	)
He also said that " it's a debut from a band that shows potential but haven't yet achieved it. " NME's Edwin Pouncey said that the album was the " biggest, baddest sound that Sub Pop have so far managed to unearth. So primitive	primitive	ADJ	that	SCONJ	 that
Only limited damage was caused to the convoy and no ships were sunk. After this, due to the withdrawal of the only Allied naval presence in the area – Arunta and Tasman – an RAAF tender was sent to act as a picket in the bay, ready	ready	ADJ	to	PART	 to
The inclusion of ILUC in the proposed ruling provoked complaints from ethanol and biodiesel producers. Several environmental organizations welcomed the inclusion of ILUC but criticized the consideration of a 100 year payback scenario, arguing that it underestimated land conversion effects. American corn growers, biodiesel producers,	,	PUNCT	ethanol	NOUN	 ethanol
The Spiders faced the Baltimore Orioles in the Temple Cup, a precursor to the World Series, in 1895. Young won three games in the series and Cleveland won the Cup, four games to one. It was around this time that Young added what he called	called	VERB	a	DET	 a
Johnson also believed that every character in Shakespeare represents a " type " or " species ", whereas Hazlitt, siding with Pope, emphasised the individuality of Shakespeare's characters, while discussing them more comprehensively than anyone had yet done. Rather than an English critic,	,	PUNCT	it	PRON	 it
Built in 1862 to house the rector of the parish of Borley and his family, it was badly damaged by fire in 1939 and demolished in 1944. The large Gothic style rectory in the village of Borley had been alleged to be haunted ever since it was built	built	VERB	.	PUNCT	.
Ariel has a complex surface consisting of extensive cratered terrain cross cut by a system of scarps, canyons, and ridges. The surface shows signs of more recent geological activity than other Uranian moons, most likely due to tidal heating. Discovered on 24 October 1851 by	by	ADP	William	PROPN	 William
At the entrance to the tomb the kerbs sweep inwards to form a pair of deep protrusions, or horns, forming a narrow bell shaped forecourt. A straight central passageway (or gallery), 21 feet (6 m) long by 3 feet (1 m	m	NOUN	)	PUNCT	)
Maddox declared science fiction obsolete in his essay " Fictional Reality " and was roundly criticized in the blogosphere, most notably by Scientific American's J.R. Minkel. Maddox wrote that " fiction — all fiction — finally became obsolete as a delivery system for big ideas " as	as	ADP	a	DET	 a
Although Cleveland had condemned the " outrages " against Chinese immigrants, he believed that Chinese immigrants were unwilling to assimilate into white society. Secretary of State Thomas F. Bayard negotiated an extension to the Chinese Exclusion Act, and Cleveland lobbied the Congress to pass the Scott Act	Act	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
The novel's reception was even warmer than that of its predecessor; Waugh was one of the few critics to qualify his praise — he thought the descriptions were good but the conversations poor. In 1950 she translated and adapted André Roussin's play La petite hutte (	(	PUNCT	"	PUNCT	"
Jamahl Epsicokhan at his website " Jammer's Reviews " wasn't enthusiastic about a particularly " lackluster " action scene which he felt was a bad cross between Star Trek: Insurrection and Andromeda. However, he was pleased with the other aspects of the plot and praised	praised	VERB	the	DET	 the
Details such as Louis Comfort Tiffany stained glass windows and hammered bronze light fixtures were re created to preserve the look of the house. Production and shooting for the second season began in late July 2012 for a scheduled premiere in mid October. The exteriors for the second	second	ADJ	season	NOUN	 season
Judy kills von Hammerstein by shooting him in the back with an arrow from 100 yards (91 m) away at the exact moment that he dives into a lake. A shoot out then occurs between Bond and Gonzales and the two Cuban gunmen. Bond kills all	all	PRON	of	ADP	 of
Dill died in Washington, D.C., in November 1944 and was replaced both as Chief of the British Joint Staff Mission and as a member of the Combined Policy Committee by Field Marshal Sir Henry Maitland Wilson. Even before the Quebec Agreement was signed, Akers had already	already	ADV	cabled	VERB	 cabled
Gilchrist then questioned why Tendulkar then agreed with Harbhajan's claim at the second hearing that the exchange was an obscenity, and concluded that the process was " a joke ". He also raised questions over Tendulkar's sportsmanship and said he was " hard to find for	for	ADP	a	DET	 a
In 1933, he was charged with demanding money with menace and attempted extortion after writing to the King asking for hush money. At his trial the following January, the prosecution produced documents showing that Haddon's enlistment papers, marriage certificate, officer's commission, demobilisation	demobilisation	NOUN	papers	NOUN	 papers
With this episode the season hits its halfway mark and the action picks up considerably. Despite being a topic of discussion at King's Landing, Daenerys and Jorah Mormont do not themselves appear in this episode. Jon Snow and all characters on the Wall are also absent	absent	ADJ	,	PUNCT	,
In 1957 a Filton based RAF Vampire jet from 501 Squadron crashed into Leigh Woods. The pilot, Flying officer John Greenwood, was killed after he flew under the deck of the suspension bridge while performing a victory roll. Small mountain biking circuits are present in the	the	DET	woods	NOUN	 woods
Jassin finds that the theme of religion is likewise meant as an escape from Amir's worldly sorrows, an opinion echoed by Usman. Nyanyi Sunyi was first published in the November 1937 issue of Poedjangga Baroe, a literary magazine which Amir had helped establish. It was	was	AUX	later	ADV	 later
Rescuers, including Department of Conservation officer Malcolm Smith, attempted to refloat them four times. Shortly, a playful bottlenose dolphin known to local residents as Moko arrived and, after apparently vocalizing at the whales, led them 200 m (660 ft) along a sandbar	sandbar	NOUN	to	ADP	 to
" Kirsty decides that she needs to raise money for her husband Kane Phillips ' (Sam Atwell) trial. She secretly begins work as an escort behind Miles ' back. Hayes ' explained Kirsty was " terrified " that Miles would find out and hated lying to	to	ADP	him	PRON	 him
If G has no connected components that are trees, then its maximal pseudoforests are 1 forests, but if G does have a tree component, its maximal pseudoforests are not 1 forests. Stated precisely, in any graph G its maximal pseudoforests consist of every tree component	component	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
Ramabhadraiah writes a letter to Gundamma opposing the marriage of Raja and Saroja upon the former's instructions, and Anji conducts their marriage against Ghantaiah's wishes. Shortly afterwards, Prabhakar and Padma's marriage is conducted. Raja acts as a drunkard and masquerades as Ramabhadraiah's	's	PART	son	NOUN	 son
Eleven Space Shuttle missions, a joint Soyuz flight and almost 1000 cumulative days in space for American astronauts occurred over the course of seven long duration expeditions. During the four year program, many firsts in spaceflight were achieved by the two nations, including the first American	American	ADJ	astronaut	NOUN	 astronaut
This made it easy prey for islanders and feral animals and by the 1970s the population was less than 30 birds. From 1978 to 1984 feral animals were removed and birds raised in captivity to be successfully reintroduced to the wild. The population is now relatively safe and	and	CCONJ	stable	ADJ	 stable
Men who choose their sexual partners based on external appearances and peer recommendations often believe that women who violate traditional gender norms by, for example, wearing modern clothing are more likely to carry HIV, while young girls, who are perceived as sexually inexperienced, are considered	considered	VERB	"	PUNCT	 "
It is Bock's first novel, following the 1998 release of Olympia, a collection of short stories. The Ash Garden follows the stories of three main characters affected by World War Two: Hiroshima bombing victim Emiko, German nuclear physicist Anton Böll, and Austrian Jewish	Jewish	ADJ	refugee	NOUN	 refugee
The Southern Railway (SR), successor to both the L & SWR and the LB & SCR under the 1923 grouping of railways, objected to the plan to extend the C & SLR line to Sutton – Sir Herbert Walker, General Manager of the SR,	,	PUNCT	described	VERB	 described
In January 1957 the Lord Chancellor asked the Law Reform Committee " to consider whether any alteration is desirable in the powers of the court to sanction a variation in the trusts of a settlement in the interests of beneficiaries under disability and unborn persons, with particular reference to	to	ADP	the	DET	 the
His goals helped Symes land December's League Two Player of the Month and an offer of a contract extension by Accrington to fend off reported interest from other clubs during the January 2010 transfer window. However, Symes announced he would not sign a new contract during the	the	DET	transfer	NOUN	 transfer
The " green + spur " option is the lowest cost, and will have minimum impact on property acquisition (35 residential and business properties total, mostly farmland) and would not allow for the demolishing of two local churches. In 2008, the Federal Highway Administration	Administration	PROPN	(	PUNCT	 (
He scuttled the second collier and steamed north for Iceland. The ship used the cover of a major storm to slip through the British blockade of the North Sea, and put in at Ålesund, Norway. Rio Negro then returned to Germany by early December. The	The	DET	Admiralstab	PROPN	 Admiralstab
It was Miike's first film to be released theatrically in the United Kingdom. Audition was released on DVD in the United States by Chimera on June 4, 2002. The DVD included an interview with Miike and a documentary on the Egyptian Theater in Los Angeles.	.	PUNCT	A	DET	 A
Modern techniques, such as the use of radio telemetry from space probes, and of radar measurements of the distances to planets and asteroids in the Solar System, have allowed a reasonably accurate value for the astronomical unit (AU) to be calculated to a precision of	of	ADP	about	ADP	 about
She meets and falls in love with her first husband after she discovers their shared appreciation of Black music. After learning of her grandmother's death, her reaction, " a dazzling passage three paragraphs long " according to Mary Jane Lupton, is musical; not only	only	ADV	does	AUX	 does
Since the Duke did not rule out an armed intervention from Charles V, he came back on the French offer after the King's death, sending a secret and non committal mission to King Henry II. After Jane's accession in July the ambassadors of both powers	powers	NOUN	were	AUX	 were
" Iwata has said that the DSi is meant to be a first camera for children, and a social networking device for adults. In response to media commentary following the DSi's announcement, Iwata insisted that its new audio and camera capabilities are not meant to compete	compete	VERB	with	ADP	 with
After serving in the Nine Years ' War and the War of the Spanish Succession, he was appointed by King George I as governor of Massachusetts and New Hampshire in 1716. His tenure was marked by virulent disagreements with the Massachusetts assembly on a variety of issues,	,	PUNCT	and	CCONJ	 and
On 28 November 1864, he took the oath to defend the new constitution, which created a unicameral assembly (Vouli) with representatives elected by direct, secret, universal male suffrage, a first in modern Europe. A constitutional monarchy was set up with George deferring	deferring	VERB	to	ADP	 to
At the same time, players of Dead Island: Riptide were having similar issues on Steam. Following enquiries by the media, Paramount and Namco released a joint statement explaining that it was an issue with the Steam system, and was something that the company was seeking	seeking	VERB	to	PART	 to
Tom Kessenich, in his book Examination: An Unauthorized Look at Seasons 6 – 9 of the X Files gave the episode a positive review, writing " ' Biogenesis ' gave us a Mulder gone mad, duplicitous allies and enemies, a rising body count, and	and	CCONJ	Scully	PROPN	 Scully
At the Pentagon, Secretary of Defense John Keller leads the investigation into the attack. Sound analyst Maggie Madsen catches another Decepticon, Frenzy, hacking into the network while onboard Air Force One. While the hack is thwarted, Frenzy downloads files on Archibald ’ s glasses	glasses	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
He gained national recognition in 1924 when he and Wing Commander Stanley Goble became the first men to circumnavigate Australia by air. Two years later, under the command of Group Captain Richard Williams, McIntyre piloted the first international flight undertaken by an RAAF plane and crew;	;	PUNCT	this	DET	 this
Irrigation can be accomplished by use of a garden hose, soaker hose, sprinkler, or modified five gallon bucket. Trees have been venerated since time immemorial. To the ancient Celts, certain trees, especially the oak, ash and thorn, held special significance as	as	ADP	providing	VERB	 providing
The original Persona 4 anime series was made into a condensed film adaptation titled Persona 4: The Animation - The Factor of Hope; it was released in Japanese cinemas in 2012. Persona 3 has also been adapted into a series of anime films produced by AIC ASTA	ASTA	PROPN	and	CCONJ	 and
" During the Tracy Island briefing scene, Alan Tracy's voice is audibly lower and deeper than in later episodes. Since voice actor Matt Zimmerman had yet to be added to the regular cast at the time of dialogue recording, Ray Barrett (who voiced John and	and	CCONJ	the	DET	 the
Richie commented, " Unfortunately, sometimes it takes a hit record to make someone decide to save a life. I want this song to be the battle cry again. Every once in a while, you have to wake the world up. We slept right through	through	ADP	Katrina	PROPN	 Katrina
" Many critics noted similarities between " Born This Way " and Madonna's 1989 song, " Express Yourself ", referring to " similar chords, same uplifting, girl power theme (...), same tempo ". Popjustice website pointed out the influence of other	other	ADJ	Madonna	PROPN	 Madonna
Singer brought his entire crew from X2 to work on the film. Via digitally enhanced archive footage, the late Marlon Brando appeared in the film as Jor El. Superman Returns received positive reviews and grossed approximately $391 million worldwide. In February 2006, four months	months	NOUN	before	ADP	 before
Fegelein split the territory to be covered into two sections divided by the Pripyat River, with the 1st Regiment taking the northern half and the 2nd Regiment the south. The regiments worked their way from east to west through their assigned territory, and filed daily reports on	on	ADP	the	DET	 the
During its changes in ownership, the original Lot Number 20 of the South Branch Survey was repeatedly partitioned and sold. By 1976, the original property was divided into five farms and additional parcels, including the Valley View Addition. The tract on which the Valley View	View	PROPN	residence	NOUN	 residence
In addition, the floors of stalls followed the slope of the hill, a gradient of about 1: 12, causing health problems for those market workers who had to stand at this angle for prolonged periods during the day. Norwich City Council decided that these problems	problems	NOUN	needed	VERB	 needed
Following a Royal Canadian Mounted Police raid at MLG in 1968, Stafford was charged with income tax evasion, and he and Ballard were accused of illegally taking money from MLGL to pay for renovations of their houses and other personal expenses. Just before the charges were laid	laid	VERB	,	PUNCT	,
In the city Jack rents expensive apartments, and leads a vain, idle life. Jack's uncle hears of his conduct and devises a scheme whereby he can make a thorough test of the boy. He instructs his lawyers to announce his death, that the entire	entire	ADJ	fortune	NOUN	 fortune
Lerroux's Radical government collapsed after two significant scandals, including the Straperlo affair. However, president Niceto Alcalá Zamora did not allow the CEDA to form a government, and called elections. Zamora had become disenchanted with Robles's obvious desire to do away with the republic	republic	NOUN	and	CCONJ	 and
Other early hip hop crews were typically politically oriented, like 99 Posse, who later became more influenced by British trip hop. More recent crews include gangster rappers like Sardinia's La Fossa. Other recently imported styles include techno, trance, and electronica performed by artists	artists	NOUN	including	VERB	 including
1809), Wojski of Wschowa, opposed to the Constitution Stanisław Kublicki (or Jan Kublicki), deputy of Inflanty, an active supporter of the Constitution and of the causes of townsfolk and peasants (sources vary with regards to his name) Franciszek Branicki (ca	ca	PROPN	.	PUNCT	.
McCain's refusal to be released was remarked upon by North Vietnamese senior negotiator Lê Đức Thọ to U.S. envoy Averell Harriman, during the ongoing Paris Peace Talks. Enraged by his declining of the offer, Bai and his assistant told McCain that things would get very bad	bad	ADJ	for	ADP	 for
Selected for the senior squad by manager Bobby Ferguson, Dozzell made his debut for Ipswich Town in February 1984, coming on as a substitute against Coventry City. Ipswich won the match 2 – 0; Dozzell scored late in the second half, becoming the youngest player	player	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
The storm prompted classes to be canceled, as well as for the airport to be closed, causing flights to be canceled. The final storm of the season formed on March 29 from the ITCZ to the east of Diego Garcia. The large area of convection quickly	quickly	ADV	became	VERB	 became
Carr contacted Billy Gibson who was the manager of heavyweight boxer Gene Tunney and knew of Mara from Mara's interest in investing in Tunney. Mara decided to spend the $500 on the Giants as opposed to Tunney in a spur of the moment decision, and started	started	VERB	the	DET	 the
Influenced by his television and film scripting background, Martin tries to keep readers engrossed by ending each Ice and Fire chapter with a tense or revelational moment, a twist or a cliffhanger, similar to a TV act break. Scriptwriting has also taught him the technique of	of	ADP	"	PUNCT	 "
The John D. Adams Vocational Technology building stood by itself next to the main building. There were two gymnasiums on campus. The main gym was often referred to as " The Garden " and accommodated approximately 2,000 people. There were also 8 trailers located on the north	north	NOUN	side	NOUN	 side
During the year, Feeder's domestic studio album sales passed the one million units mark. In late 2005, Feeder already returned to the studio, with Stephen Street working as the band's producer to record three new tracks to appear on their then forthcoming singles collection	collection	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
The Laurelton Circle at Route 88, built in 1937, was replaced by the 1990s. The Ellisburg Circle at Route 41 and Route 154, was replaced by an intersection with jughandles. The Brielle Circle at the eastern terminus was also converted to an intersection with jughandles	jughandles	NOUN	in	ADP	 in
Unable to face her and with the surprising news that Donald's spec script for a clichéd psychological thriller, called The 3, is selling for six or seven figures, Kaufman resorts to attending McKee's seminar in New York and asks him for advice. Charlie ends	ends	VERB	up	ADP	 up
Chang commented that the " thrill " of seeing all the actors on screen mitigated plot issues. Entertainment Weekly's Lisa Schwarzbaum said West's action direction improved upon the previous film's direction by Stallone. Schwarzbaum considered that the film is " excellent crap, fine junk	junk	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
" Ryan Dombell of Pitchfork Media wrote a mixed review of the song; he called it the flightiest song on Rated R, but praised it as superior to the riskier material on the album. " Rude Boy " debuted on the US Billboard Hot 100 at number	number	NOUN	sixty	NUM	 sixty
Offshore Louisiana, a group of six fishermen from Alabama perished due to drowning. Along the Louisiana coastline, damage largely resembled that of a Category 2 hurricane. Damage was heaviest in St. Mary Parish, about 32 mi (51 km) east of where Andrew made	made	VERB	landfall	ADJ	 landfall
" The Red Rooster ", backed with " Shake for Me ", which was also recorded during the same session, was issued by Chess Records in October 1961. Neither song, nor his other songs from the period now considered to be among his best known	known	VERB	,	PUNCT	,
In those races he also holds the records for days spent in the race leader's jersey at 78 and 96 respectively. For his career successes in the Giro d'Italia, Merckx became the first rider inducted into the race's Hall of Fame in 2012. When being	being	AUX	inducted	VERB	 inducted
The surviving manuscripts are listed below. The manuscripts are all thought to derive from a common original, but the connections between the texts are more complex than simple inheritance via copying. The diagram at right gives an overview of the relationships between the manuscripts. The following	following	VERB	is	AUX	 is
Although Louise's cancer had gone into remission, it returned in the spring of 1970. Exhausted from nursing her, Harrison's father, Harry, was then also hospitalised. As a result, their youngest son was " running back and forth " between Warrington and	and	CCONJ	London	PROPN	 London
Belarus and Lithuania ratified final border demarcation documents in February 2007. Belarus is a presidential republic, governed by a president and the National Assembly. The term for each presidency is five years. Under the 1994 constitution, the president could serve for only two terms as	as	ADP	president	NOUN	 president
Oliphant " came to a meeting ", Allison recalls, " and said ' bomb ' in no uncertain terms. He told us we must concentrate every effort on the bomb, and said we had no right to work on power plants or anything but the bomb	bomb	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
In a strong emotional scene, it is always best to be able to shoot in complete takes to allow the actor a continuity of emotion, and it is rare for most actors to reach their peak more than once or twice. There are, occasionally, scenes	scenes	NOUN	which	PRON	 which
As they get up to leave, Abum praises the shop's coffee and briefly reveals his true form to the waiter. " Somehow, Satan Got Behind Me " is the second, and last, episode of Millennium to have been written by Darin Morgan, who	who	PRON	also	ADV	 also
Albin's family certainly had strong connections in the church of Brechin. A known kinsman (nepos) of Albin's, Adam, held the position of Archdeacon of Brechin, probably by 1242, but certainly by 1264. It has been suggested that this Adam was	was	AUX	Adam	PROPN	 Adam
He played his first NHL game against the Quebec Nordiques two nights later and recorded his first points – three assists – on January 5 against the Los Angeles Kings. He scored his first two NHL goals in a 7 – 2 victory over the Edmonton Oilers on January	January	PROPN	7	NUM	 7
2012 saw Russia became the focus of a major international expansion for Burger King with a new plan to increase its presence in that country. The deal between Burger King, Russian master franchise Burger Rus and Russian investment bank VTB Capital is designed to grow the company from	from	ADP	its	PRON	 its
Excluding the brief possession by the forces of Bosnian King, Tvrtko I, the fortress remained in Hungaro Croatian hands for the next several hundred years, until the 16th century. Klis Fortress is probably best known for its defense against the Ottoman invasion of Europe in the	the	DET	early	ADJ	 early
Although he stated that deities existed, he believed that they were uninterested in human existence. The aim of the Epicureans was to attain peace of mind and one important way of doing this was by exposing fear of divine wrath as irrational. The Epicureans also denied the	the	DET	existence	NOUN	 existence
The early accounts are untrustworthy, but by the late 19th century it was paying a dividend of about 5 per cent. This dropped from 1900 onwards as electric trams and the Central London Railway attracted passengers away; a low of 1 ⁄ 2 per cent was reached	reached	VERB	in	ADP	 in
By July 15, Eighth Army was provided a daily ferry service from the Hakata Moji area to Pusan, along with fast express trains from the Tokyo – Yokohama area. Accordingly, a Red Ball Express type system was organized. It had a daily capacity of 300	300	NUM	tonnes	NOUN	 tonnes
As an " outlet " for Watsuki's kendo emotions, Yahiko " knows a pain that hero types like Himura Kenshin and Sagara Sanosuke can never know ". As Watsuki further developed the story, Yahiko becomes a comedic character. Watsuki wanted to draw Yahiko in a	a	DET	way	NOUN	 way
No relief ship would search for them there, and the likelihood of rescue from any other outside agency was equally negligible. The island was bleak and inhospitable, and its terrain devoid of vegetation, although it had fresh water, and a relative abundance of seals and	and	CCONJ	penguins	NOUN	 penguins
" The speech was originally delivered in French language. The speech has been praised for its use of political rhetoric. In particular, the speech has been cited as exemplifying the three functions of rhetoric; by the way it was framed within the independence proceeding, its	its	PRON	deliberative	ADJ	 deliberative
Part of the attack involved the cost of new desks for legislators and staff that were manufactured by Oregon prison inmates. Renovations were completed in November 2008. The capitol grounds cover three city blocks and include Willson and Capitol parks. Near the west entrance of the capitol	capitol	NOUN	is	AUX	 is
The allegations were taken up by several prominent critics, including leaders of the People's Alliance for Democracy, constitution drafter Chai anan Samudavanija, Senator Sophon Supapong, writer Pramote Nakornthab, and Democrat leader Thaworn Senniam. None of the accusers provided any evidence to back up	up	ADP	their	PRON	 their
Holmes ordered Lieutenant Colonel William C. Holley, commanding officer of the 8th Engineer Combat Battalion, to report to Colonel Raymond D. Palmer, commanding the 8th Cavalry Regiment. That afternoon Palmer in his command post on the Tabu dong road outlined to Holley and the commanding officers	officers	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
He has authored a book on football management exclusively for the Japanese market, Shōsha no Esupuri (勝者のエスプリ, lit. The Spirit of Conquest) in English, published by Japan Broadcast Publishing (a subsidiary of NHK) in August 1997. The book highlights his managerial	managerial	ADJ	philosophy	NOUN	 philosophy
Pseudoplectania nigrella is considered inedible. It has no distinctive taste or odor. This species is saprobic, and is found growing in groups on the ground or on moss covered decaying wood, especially amongst fallen pine needles. In North America, fruit bodies appear in the	the	DET	spring	NOUN	 spring
Confederate guerrillas from the Randolph area weakened the Union forces along the Mississippi River. In September 1862, the Union supply ship Eugene was fired at from Randolph. Sherman ordered to " destroy the place, leaving one house to mark the place ". Union Army soldiers	soldiers	NOUN	burned	VERB	 burned
Despite the fact that their actions were ultimately fruitless, the Eretrians and in particular the Athenians had earned Darius's lasting enmity, and he vowed to punish both cities. The Persian naval victory at the Battle of Lade (494 BC) all but ended the Ionian	Ionian	PROPN	Revolt	PROPN	 Revolt
The BBC website's Fear Forecasters, a panel who rate the episodes, were not allowed to see " Doomsday " before its airing, and access to copies was restricted; the website thus does not have a Fear Forecast for the episode. Despite this, the	the	DET	Dalek	PROPN	 Dalek
" Boiling ", which starts The Face, opens with a R & B infused landscape of " bruised color " synths, which are mostly associated with the works of future garage artists such as Jacques Greene, backing alto vocals by Sinéad Harnett. Big keyboard sounds	sounds	VERB	,	PUNCT	,
On 27 March the brigade led the division's advance. Their first objective, the village of Brünen, was unoccupied, so they pressed on to the next village, Erle, by that evening. The 7th Parachute Battalion was ordered to attack what was believed to	to	PART	be	AUX	 be
In both the Poetic Edda, compiled in the 13th century from earlier traditional sources, and the Prose Edda, written in the 13th century by Snorri Sturluson, Nótt is listed as the daughter of a figure by the name of Nörvi (with variant spellings) and	and	CCONJ	is	AUX	 is
On July 25, 2006, the film was released on Blu ray. The film received lukewarm reviews. On Rotten Tomatoes, Species holds an approval of 34% based on 35 reviews. Roger Ebert gave it 2 out of 4 stars, criticizing the film's	's	PART	plot	NOUN	 plot
Posted to Singapore as Air Officer Commanding (AOC) No. 224 Group RAF in 1967, he was appointed a Companion of the Order of the Bath for his work as chief of staff at Headquarters RAF Far East Air Force in 1969. He then served as	as	ADP	Air	PROPN	 Air
The legislature responded by trying to create a merit system for public offices, but it was largely unable to effectively enforce it given the new scope of government agencies. The battle with the governor continued until 1941, when the legislature rescinded the Executive Reorganization Act and replaced	replaced	VERB	it	PRON	 it
.., we express no opinion as to... the final disposition of this case should Congress not exercise its authority to resolve these far reaching Indian claims. " Abatement The counties advanced the theory that the causes of action under Nonintercourse Acts of 1790, 1793, 1796	1796	NUM	,	PUNCT	,
It had a maximum range of approximately 300 yards but was accurate only to between 100 and 150 yards Home Guard units often added their own modifications to the weapon, which included mounting it on carriages or even the sidecars of motorcycles. It was served by a crew	crew	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
Potassium bromate (KBrO 3) is a strong oxidizer (E924), used to improve dough strength and rise height. Potassium bisulfite (KHSO 3) is used as a food preservative, for example in wine and beer making (but not in meats).	.	PUNCT	It	PRON	 It
Bermuda was threatened by three hurricanes within two weeks. In addition to the hurricanes, Tropical Storm Alice developed in late May and left several fatalities in Cuba. The final named storm of the season, Hazel, produced additional rainfall in Florida after previous flooding conditions.	.	PUNCT	There	PRON	 There
Ian Walker of AbsolutePunk commented that Beyoncé and " the backing production " ebb and flow as the song proceeds, and added that toward the end, she channels her inner Mariah Carey and ultimately " puts the older star to shame ". Similarly, Craig Jenkins of	of	ADP	Prefix	PROPN	 Prefix
Upon reading the script, Kirkman thought that producers were consistent with his comic, adding that they could possibly improve his initial work. " Reading that pilot was just a revelation. It's extremely faithful. There are things that are so much like the comic,	,	PUNCT	I	PRON	 I
Eminem has had ten number one albums on the Billboard 200: seven solo (five original albums and two compilations), two with D12 and one with Bad Meets Evil. The Eminem Show, The Marshall Mathers LP, and Encore were ranked the third-, seventh-	seventh-	X	and	CCONJ	 and
From 2002 through 2012, there have been 143 false start penalties on visiting teams in Seattle, second only to the Minnesota Vikings. During that same time period, the Seahawks have accumulated a home win record of 59 29, with a simultaneous road record of 33	33	NUM	55	NUM	 55
Ronald Reagan was the country's president and the ideals of individualism were promoted during his two terms in office. He emphasized the moral worth of the individual in his speeches, encouraging his fellow Americans to make the country successful and to stand up against the Soviet Union	Union	PROPN	during	ADP	 during
Restaurants in Israel have come up with creative alternatives to ḥametz ingredients to create pasta, hamburger buns, pizza, and other fast foods in kosher for Passover versions by using potato starch and other non standard ingredients. After Passover, the celebration of Mimouna takes place,	,	PUNCT	a	DET	 a
Lee's title for the initial concept — Snots And Boogers — was rejected, as was a list of suggestions compiled from company employees. According to Davis, vice president of marketing Howie Rubin championed @! #? @! as the title. Although staff members	members	NOUN	argued	VERB	 argued
Scholars have also observed that regional variations in different areas of the United States have provided certain circuits with a particular specialization or expertise in some subjects of the law. Article III of the United States Constitution specifies that " [t] he judicial Power of the United	United	PROPN	States	PROPN	 States
It was certified platinum in the United States and had sold two million albums worldwide by September. The lead single of the album, " Tik Tok ", broke the record in the United States for the highest single week sales, selling 610,000 digital downloads, the	the	DET	highest	ADJ	 highest
During the development of the starting credits, Madonna asked Foley if they could have a cartoon figure of her character introducing the film credits. Foley liked the idea, and Warner enlisted cartoonist April March to create the cartoon. The film was released on August 7,	,	PUNCT	1987	NUM	 1987
After that, it crosses back into Wisconsin for about 14 1 ⁄ 2 miles (23 km) before crossing the state line one last time. The northernmost Michigan section is about 43 1 ⁄ 2 miles (70 km), making the overall length about 169	169	NUM	miles	NOUN	 miles
The following season, he scored 191 runs at 38.20 including a century in three matches. He did not take a wicket. World War I interrupted Macartney's career as competitive cricket was cancelled. In January 1916, he enlisted in the Australian Imperial Force (AIF	AIF	PROPN	)	PUNCT	)
The goal was to begin construction in 1966, and complete the interchange in 1969. There were concerns about a $3 billion shortfall in funding during May 1966, which caused the San Diego Chamber of Commerce Highway Committee to recommend the completion of SR 109 as a	a	DET	project	NOUN	 project
The winner of the wild card bout would then be included in the quarterfinal round of eight fighters. This format proved highly successful for middleweight fighter Kris McCray, who took part in season 11's wild card bout. Having lost his opening match in the house,	,	PUNCT	he	PRON	 he
There, he rose to the position of general manager. Shortly after starting work at Hutchinson's, Brunner met the German born chemist Ludwig Mond. In 1873 Brunner formed a partnership with Mond and together they founded Brunner Mond & Company. Their initial capital was less	less	ADJ	than	ADP	 than
" Backwoods " details the history of rock and roll. Kiedis said that " Love Trilogy " became one of the group's all time favorite songs; it is about " loving the things that aren't necessarily perfect or always lovable ". He explained that "	"	PUNCT	For	ADP	 For
In addition, US 1 / 9 Truck was created as a truck bypass of the Pulaski Skyway, replacing Route 25 T, and US 1 / 9 Business (now Route 139) was signed along the former Route 25 approach to the Holland Tunnel. After the	the	DET	Garden	PROPN	 Garden
Snow White and the Seven Dwarfs, as well as the two Disney films to follow it, were also influenced by such German expressionist films as Nosferatu (1922) and The Cabinet of Dr. Caligari (1919), both of which were recommended by Disney to his	his	PRON	staff	NOUN	 staff
Zeckendorf loved the design and even showed it off to Le Corbusier when they met. The cost of such an unusual design was too high, however, and the building never moved beyond the model stage. Pei finally saw his architecture come to life in 1949,	,	PUNCT	when	SCONJ	 when
The main groups of modern spiders, Mygalomorphae and Araneomorphae, first appeared in the Triassic period, before 200 million years ago. A herbivorous species, Bagheera kiplingi, was described in 2008, but all other known species are predators, mostly preying on insects and on	on	ADP	other	ADJ	 other
Shortly after " Fatbeard " was originally broadcast, the site also featured six different types of T shirts and hooded sweatshirts based on the episode. The ending, in which the pirates are each shot to death by American snipers, reflects the resolution of the pirate hijacking	hijacking	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
Located at an elevation of 978 feet (298 m) above sea level, it rises approximately 230 feet (70 m) over the nearby floodplain of the Chemung River. The hill is located in South Waverly, Pennsylvania, in Bradford County, just south of	of	ADP	the	DET	 the
The earliest Syriac source is the 7th century writer John bar Penkaye. According to Hossein Nasr, the earliest European literature often refers to Muhammad unfavorably. A few learned circles of Middle Ages Europe – primarily Latin literate scholars – had access to fairly extensive biographical material about	about	ADP	Muhammad	PROPN	 Muhammad
Kelly's Directory of 1847 noted: " Datchet is separated from Windsor by the river Thames, over which is a very singular bridge; one half of it is kept in repair by the county of Bucks and the other half by Berks. The former has a	a	DET	wooden	ADJ	 wooden
It later became a signature part of the opening stages of the Love, Lust, Faith and Dreams Tour which followed, usually appearing as the ultimate song or during the encore. Throughout the tour, Jared Leto chose audience members to join Thirty Seconds to Mars on	on	ADP	stage	NOUN	 stage
Pythagoras's theorem enables construction of incommensurable lengths because the hypotenuse of a triangle is related to the sides by the square root operation. The figure on the right shows how to construct line segments whose lengths are in the ratio of the square root of any positive integer	integer	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
During World War I she was requisitioned by the United States Navy and commissioned as USS Pennsylvanian (ID 3511) in September 1918, and renamed two months later to USS Scranton. After her naval service, her original name of Pennsylvanian was restored. Pennsylvanian was built	built	VERB	by	ADP	 by
Walter was nominated for a Golden Globe Best Actress Award (Drama), for her performance in the film. I know what you're thinking – " Did he fire six shots or only five? " Well, to tell you the truth, in all this	this	DET	excitement	NOUN	 excitement
The song was released on December 1, 2014. It was originally intended to be featured on Stefani's third studio album This Is What the Truth Feels Like, but it was scrapped in favor of new material. Stefani wrote " Spark the Fire " in collaboration	collaboration	NOUN	with	ADP	 with
" From that point on, Reich's work came increasingly to the attention of the authorities. Reich established the Orgonomic Infant Research Center (OIRC) in 1950, with the aim of preventing muscular armouring in children from birth. Meetings were held in the basement of	of	ADP	his	PRON	 his
Kenneth Silber from Space.com wrote a very positive review of the episode, writing, " ' Signs and Wonders ' is a clever episode whose serpentine plot twists will leave many viewers genuinely surprised. Although a bit overly reliant on the alleged shock value of snakes, the	the	DET	episode	NOUN	 episode
It contains office and retail space and a 350 space garage. Tishman Speyer acquired the property in 2004 and renamed the adjacent USG Building as Franklin Center in 2007 after USG relocated its offices. The name was later applied to the entire complex. A 1982 consent decree	decree	NOUN	split	VERB	 split
" In the United States, it entered Billboard's Top Music Video chart at the top, selling 26,000 copies of the DVD — the greatest total for a music video since Beyoncé Knowles ' I Am... World Tour live CD / DVD sold 37,000 and 31,000 copies	copies	NOUN	in	ADP	 in
It uses spruce, larch, Scots pine, silver fir and mountain pine, and in man made landscapes also introduced conifers such as douglas fir. Breeding densities of up to 591 pairs per square km (1,530 pairs per square mile) have been recorded in Norway	Norway	PROPN	spruce	NOUN	 spruce
Theme: Guilty pleasures Group performance: " Forget You " Musical guests: Michael Bublé (" Hollywood ") and Cheryl Cole (" Promise This ") Judges ' votes to eliminate Walsh: Treyc Cohen – said Adeleye had more potential, effectively backing his own	own	ADJ	act	NOUN	 act
Further developments revealed that Goldschmidt was assisted by businessman Robert K. Burtchaell in keeping his molestation of the girl a secret. In return, Goldschmidt gave his support to Burtchaell's (unsuccessful) bid to extend a lease for a houseboat moorage on the Willamette River. Goldschmidt	Goldschmidt	PROPN	's	PART	's
" The Lodger " was first broadcast in the United Kingdom on BBC One on 12 June 2010. In the United States, it was broadcast on sister station BBC America on 10 July 2010. In the UK, overnight figures for the episode were 4.6 million,	,	PUNCT	facing	VERB	 facing
The aircraft assigned to this detachment amassed a total of 20,000 operational flying hours by March 2010. An American contractor travelling on an Australian C 130 in Iraq was killed on 27 June 2004 when the aircraft was struck by gunfire shortly after it took off from Baghdad.	.	PUNCT	RAAF	NOUN	 RAAF
The former St Michael's Church, which is now a heritage centre, includes part of Bridge Street Row in the lowest stage of its tower. A remaining example of a section of a Row with a building between the walkway and the street is No. 22	22	NUM	Eastgate	PROPN	 Eastgate
This is known as antigen presentation. However, the epitopes (conformational epitopes) that are recognized by the B cell prior to their digestion may not be the same as that presented to the T helper cell. Additionally, a B cell may present different peptides complexed	complexed	VERB	to	ADP	 to
This forced Bakjur to relinquish his post on 29 October and retreat with his followers north to ar Raqqah on the Euphrates. Mufarrij and his men followed Bakjur, and in 989 are recorded as attacking yet another Hajj caravan in north Arabia. It was only after the	the	DET	death	NOUN	 death
1117 – c.1131) was a popular French religious teacher, who is called a heresiarch (leader of a heretical movement) by the Roman Catholic Church because he criticized infant baptism, opposed the erecting of churches and the veneration of crosses, opposed the doctrine of transubstantiation	transubstantiation	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
The music then switched to a medley of his songs, like " Billie Jean " and " Wanna Be Startin ' Somethin ' ", and the impersonator worked through his moves, including the moonwalk as well as the spinning and gyrating. Madonna clapped her hands,	,	PUNCT	swayed	VERB	 swayed
RE 2, along with Recreational Road 255, became the first routes designated as " recreational roads " by the Texas State Highway Department. However, both highways still had to be approved by the Highway Department's Administration Circle; RE 255 was approved on April 15	15	NUM	,	PUNCT	,
In 1840, a border conflict with Missouri called the Honey War took place. He received the military title of Major and helped capture a sheriff. No battle took place, and the two states compromised on the border issue. Hastings married Azalea Brodt on June 10	10	NUM	,	PUNCT	,
The club finished the season bottom of the Conference and was relegated back to the Southern League Premier Division. The club's ongoing financial problems led to it entering a Company Voluntary Arrangement (CVA), a process by which insolvent companies offset their debts against future profits	profits	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
Miller filed for divorce from Thorpe in 1925, claiming desertion. In 1926 Thorpe married Freeda Verona Kirkpatrick (September 19, 1905 – March 2, 2007). She was working for the manager of the baseball team for which he was playing at the time.	.	PUNCT	They	PRON	 They
In Canada's St. Elias Mountains, a frozen extraterrestrial body is discovered by an expedition team. Professor Arlinsky, the team's leader, sends ice core samples containing presumably alien DNA to Fox Mulder. Both Mulder and Dana Scully (Gillian Anderson) eventually meet Michael	Michael	PROPN	Kritschgau	PROPN	 Kritschgau
He set several long standing records for his country, including captaining Wales 18 times, a number eventually surpassed by Ieuan Evans in 1994. Gould played 25 matches at centre for Wales, a record that stood until beaten by Steve Fenwick in 1980. He was also	also	ADV	the	DET	 the
It was, at the very least, one of the hardest working shows likely to be witnessed on a stage this year, and with barely a drop of minutely choreographed sweat to be seen. " The tour received a nomination in the category for Choice Summer Tour	Tour	PROPN	at	ADP	 at
The eighth match was a Triple Threat match for the World Heavyweight Championship between then World Heavyweight Champion The Great Khali, Batista, and Kane. In the beginning, Khali dominated most of the match, applying a nerve hold on Kane and beating down Batista. Khali	Khali	PROPN	also	ADV	 also
This appointment strengthened the collaboration between Himmler and Heydrich, and Himmler was proud to have SS control over a state. Despite having direct access to Hitler, Heydrich's loyalty to Himmler remained firm. With Hitler's approval, Himmler re established the Einsatzgruppen in the lead	lead	NOUN	up	ADP	 up
The largest crater observed on Triton thought to have been created by an impact is a 27 km diameter feature called Mazomba. Although larger craters have been observed, they are generally thought to be volcanic in nature. The few impact craters on Triton are almost all concentrated	concentrated	VERB	in	ADP	 in
The soundtrack was presented at a panel in the Hollywood Music in Media Interactive Conference in 2009, and was performed as part of the September 26 " A Night in Fantasia 2009 " concert in Sydney, Australia, by the Eminence Symphony Orchestra. Origins contains a large	large	ADJ	amount	NOUN	 amount
In Storybrooke a year later, Zelena disguises herself as Ariel, pretending that she's still searching for Eric in order to torment Hook with his guilt. It is later revealed that Ariel successfully found Eric on her own and they have been living happily together. Ariel	Ariel	PROPN	returns	VERB	 returns
The symbol λ is used to mean the wavelength of the signal being transmitted on the line or a section of line of that electrical length. Distributed element filters are mostly used at frequencies above the VHF (Very High Frequency) band (30 to 300 MHz)	)	PUNCT	.	PUNCT	.
On 12 February 1991, at a distance of 14.4 AU (2.15 × 109 km) from the Sun, Halley displayed an outburst that lasted for several months, releasing a cloud of dust 300,000 km across. The outburst likely started in December 1990, and then	then	ADV	the	DET	 the
Within the lysosome, the antigen is broken down into smaller pieces called peptides by proteases (enzymes that degrade larger proteins). The individual peptides are then complexed with major histocompatibility complex class II (MHC class II) molecules located in the lysosome – this method of	of	ADP	"	PUNCT	 "
" No Time for It " received mixed responses from music critics. Jeff Benjamin of Fuse praised " No Time for It " as a " lush kiss off track ". Benjamin described the song as embodying the " same feisty attitude we know and love Tasia for	for	ADP	"	PUNCT	 "
In an interview with Fred Bronson, Walter Afanasieff made the following statements regarding the video for " One Sweet Day ": " It was crazy! They had film crews and video guys, while I'm at the board trying to produce. And these guys were	were	AUX	running	VERB	 running
She had initially made a list of 33 complaints about the school. Manning was selected by the Indianapolis Colts with the first overall pick of the 1998 NFL draft. He would start as a rookie and go on to play for the Colts for 13 full seasons before	before	ADP	being	AUX	 being
The equation governing the decay of a radioactive isotope is: <formula> where N0 is the number of atoms of the isotope in the original sample (at time t = 0, when the organism from which the sample was taken died), and N is	is	AUX	the	DET	 the
Meare Pool was formed by water ponding up behind the raised peat bogs between the Wedmore and the Polden Hills, and coring has shown that it is filled with at least 2 metres (6.6 ft) of detritus mud, especially in the Subatlantic climatic period (1st	1st	PROPN	millennium	NOUN	 millennium
Christopher Livingston started working on Concerned as a hobby. He had previously considered developing a webcomic that would parallel the storyline of the original 1987 Legend of Zelda, for the Nintendo Entertainment System, from start to finish. He chose the Half Life 2 game world as	as	ADP	the	DET	 the
During the 1894 maneuvers, von Diederich's II Division acted as the opposing force in the Baltic, simulating a Russian fleet attacking Germany's Baltic coast. Following the conclusion of maneuvers in September, Admiral Diederichs left the squadron and was replaced by Admiral Karl Barandon.	.	PUNCT	In	ADP	 In
By 15, Luongo was playing midget with Montreal Bourassa, the same team that produced NHL Quebecer goalies Brodeur and Félix Potvin. Luongo has credited Hall of Fame goaltender Grant Fuhr as his inspiration growing up, citing an admiration for his " spectacular glove saves ".	.	PUNCT	He	PRON	 He
Thom played an important role in the development of penicillin in World War II. Thom was born in Minonk, Illinois in 1872, the fifth of six boys. His parents were Angus Sutherland Thom and Louisa (Herick) Thom, Scottish / Irish farmers who had	had	AUX	settled	VERB	 settled
It had long, curved tusks and four molars, which were replaced six times during the lifetime of an individual. It most likely used its tusks and trunk like modern elephants — for manipulating objects, fighting, and foraging. Bones, hair, dung and stomach	stomach	NOUN	contents	NOUN	 contents
A second American organisation, founded in 1951 as " The Bernard Shaw Society ", remains active as of 2016. More recent societies have been established in Japan and India. Besides his collected music criticism, Shaw has left a varied musical legacy, not all of	of	ADP	it	PRON	 it
Recent research has shown that medullary tissue is never found in crocodiles, which are thought to be the closest living relatives of dinosaurs, aside from birds. The shared presence of medullary tissue in birds and theropod dinosaurs is further evidence of the close evolutionary relationship between the	the	DET	two	NUM	 two
Recording Recorded at Roc the Mic Studios, New York City; New York; Westlake Recording Studios, Los Angeles, California; The Hide Out Studios, London, United Kingdom Personnel Credits adapted from the liner notes of Talk That Talk, Def Jam Recordings, SRP	SRP	PROPN	Records	PROPN	 Records
But after that, I think we're looking to do some shows starting in March. Maybe local around here, maybe even some Mardi Gras gigs. But yeah, last week we sat around and they played me some new stuff they're working on, and	and	CCONJ	it	PRON	 it
His citation read: Brilliant work in Pathology – the result of eighteen months of patient and skilful work in the laboratory of the 14th Australian General Hospital. His work on Bilharzia will be of untold value to the civilian population of Egypt. Fairley was one of a	a	DET	number	NOUN	 number
Toropov estimated that the ship should have displaced at least 8,880 tons. Chikhachov admitted the fact and presented the two options to the NTC. The admiral himself and the active fleet commanders voted for the 12 inch caliber, which had already become a worldwide battleship standard,	,	PUNCT	but	CCONJ	 but
They mostly forage on the ground or in shrubs that are less than two metres above the ground; this has been termed ' hop searching '. Unusually for fairywrens, they may also occasionally forage in the canopy of flowering gums. Birds tend to stick fairly close	close	ADV	to	PART	 to
Around that time, Gerry began undergoing rapid deepening, becoming an intense tropical cyclone early on February 13 while developing a well defined eye and outflow. That day, the cyclone passed about 120 km (75 mi) east of Mauritius. At that time, the	the	DET	JTWC	PROPN	 JTWC
The highest point is Pumlumon at 2,467 feet (752 m), other Marilyns include Pen y Garn and Llan Ddu Fawr. On the slopes of Pumlumon five rivers have their sources: the Severn, the Wye, the Dulas, the Llyfnant and the Rheidol,	,	PUNCT	the	DET	 the
Viruses are considered by some to be a life form, because they carry genetic material, reproduce, and evolve through natural selection. However they lack key characteristics (such as cell structure) that are generally considered necessary to count as life. Because they possess some	some	PRON	but	CCONJ	 but
In 1717, Baclayon was elevated as a parish. The present stone church constructed under the Jesuits was finished in 1727. When the Jesuits were expelled in the country in 1768, the Augustinian Recollects immediately succeeded them in the late part of the same year in administering	administering	VERB	the	DET	 the
The game takes place in Dracula's castle, the most common setting for the series, with the castle divided into numerous areas that the player traverses over the course of the game. The protagonist and primary playable character of Aria of Sorrow is Soma Cruz, a	a	DET	transfer	NOUN	 transfer
A special version of the song was recorded for the film's end credits in May 2007, during the final score recording process, which featured vocals from each of the three women most famous for portraying Tracy Turnblad: Ricki Lake from the 1988 film, Marissa Jaret	Jaret	PROPN	Winokur	PROPN	 Winokur
Quota laws in the UK meant that US films had to have a British supporting feature, so it was in the American studios ' interests to fund these features to recover a greater proportion of the box office receipts. The first draft of the screenplay was written by	by	ADP	Richard	PROPN	 Richard
The following individuals have been inducted into the WVU Sports Hall of Fame for their contributions to the Mountaineer football program: WVU has produced a total of 180 NFL draft selections. This section accounts for past and present West Virginia University football players that have participated in the	the	DET	National	PROPN	 National
" The regime's use of mass arrests, murder, torture and imprisonment has failed to extinguish our desire for the freedom that was stolen from us so many years ago. We have taken their best punch ", he wrote in the Post. The day that	that	SCONJ	the	DET	 the
The British government had traditionally paid little attention to the poor, but in the wake of the Industrial Revolution attitudes towards the accomplishments of the lower classes were changing. The growth of the railways, the mechanisation of agriculture and the need for labour in the new inner	inner	ADJ	city	NOUN	 city
Eckfeldt is believed to have made the die from which the 1792 half disme, considered by some the first official U.S. coin, was struck — in 1829, a visitor to the Mint met Eckfeldt and later described him as " an artist [who] made the	the	DET	first	ADJ	 first
Directly north of the building is the Library Quad, originally known as the East Quadrangle. The approximately 2.6 acre (1.1 ha) area was laid out about 1910 and is part of the Oregon State University Historic District listed on the National Register of Historic Places in	in	ADP	June	PROPN	 June
" Frozen " was certified gold by the Recording Industry Association of America (RIAA) in April 1998, and was ranked at number 32 on the Hot 100 year end chart of the same year. According to Billboard, the song was played 99,000 times in the	the	DET	United	PROPN	 United
The Partisan main force avoided fighting the Black Legion, instead attacking the Chetniks from the rear while they were engaged against Francetić's troops. The Italian 5th Alpine Division Pusteria utilised Chetnik troops from the Sandžak as auxiliaries during their advance on Čajniče which coincided with the German	German	ADJ	NDH	PROPN	 NDH
Cultivars produced include ' Tisel ' and ' Tiben ' in 2000 and ' Ores ', ' Ruben ' and ' Tines ' in 2005. Further cultivars ' Polares ' and ' Tihope ' are being tested. Since 1991, New Zealand has become an important centre	centre	NOUN	for	ADP	 for
In 1876, methylene blue was synthesized by German chemist Heinrich Caro. Paul Ehrlich in 1880 described the use of " neutral " dyes – mixtures of acidic and basic dyes for the differentiation of cells in peripheral blood smears. In 1891 Ernst Malachowski and Dmitri Leonidovich Romanowsky	Romanowsky	PROPN	independently	ADV	 independently
While the pathways can mechanistically vary, the ability of organisms to perform homologous recombination is universally conserved across all domains of life. Based on the similarity of their amino acid sequences, homologs of a number of proteins can be found in multiple domains of life indicating that	that	SCONJ	they	PRON	 they
Elias developed a consuming obsession with the opposing forces of good and evil, awakened at an early age due to the loss of his father at the beginning of World War I; early writings attest to the young poet's disgust and disenchantment with human existence. This	This	PRON	is	AUX	 is
It captured the bridge over the Moscow Volga Canal as well as the railway station, which marked the farthest eastern advance of German forces. But in spite of the progress made, the Wehrmacht was not equipped for winter warfare, and the bitter cold caused severe problems	problems	NOUN	for	ADP	 for
They contrasted Wollstonecraft's " passion " with Burke's " reason " and spoke condescendingly of the text and its female author. This analysis of the Rights of Men prevailed until the 1970s, when feminist scholars began to read Wollstonecraft's texts with more care and called	called	VERB	attention	NOUN	 attention
Short in stature and slightly built, Hansell worked at being an athlete, becoming proficient in tennis, polo, and squash. Socially, he was a noted dancer, and acquired a reputation as " the unofficial poet laureate of the Air Corps. " He was	was	AUX	fond	ADJ	 fond
With the double points gained with his win Quintana secured the mountains classification. The final stage was won by Kittel on the Champs Élysées, his fourth stage win of the race. Froome finished the race to claim his first Tour de France, becoming the second British	British	ADJ	rider	NOUN	 rider
George later stated that the couple had sex only three times, and that the Princess had commented on how large his penis was, leading him to conclude that she must have had a basis for comparison and so was most likely not a virgin. Caroline on the	the	DET	other	ADJ	 other
Coker attended Rutgers University from 1961 – 1963, where he also wrestled. While at Rutgers, he participated in an aviation officer cadet program and was commissioned an Ensign in the United States Navy. After his release from Vietnam, he returned to college and graduated from	from	ADP	the	DET	 the
From the summer of 1940 to the spring of 1943, Birmingham was bombed heavily by the German Luftwaffe in what is known as the Birmingham Blitz. The damage done to the city's infrastructure, in addition to a deliberate policy of demolition and new building by planners	planners	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
" On 18 August 2011, the AFI announced, in a special event at the Sydney Opera House, that the academy would be called the Australian Academy of Cinema and Television Arts (AACTA) and the inaugural awards ceremony would be renamed the AACTA Awards, but	but	CCONJ	serve	VERB	 serve
Together with fellow fighter ace Georg Peter Eder, Mayer developed the head on attack as the most effective tactic against the Allied daylight heavy combat box bomber formations. He received the Knight's Cross of the Iron Cross with Oak Leaves on 16 April 1943 after 63 victories	victories	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
ADS provided links to these electronic editions from their first appearance. Since about 1995, the number of ADS users has doubled roughly every two years. ADS now has agreements with almost all astronomical journals, who supply abstracts. Scanned articles from as far back as the	the	DET	early	ADJ	 early
By the beginning of the year only a small part-- $215 million — of the total funds collected for aid had been spent on permanent housing, with most of it-- $1.2 billion — going for short term solutions including tent camps, temporary shelters, and cash	cash	NOUN	grants	NOUN	 grants
The upgrades also included a new terminal, which included a café in the second story and seating for 14 people. Ticket sales and check in was managed by NSB Reisebyrå, a subsidiary of the Norwegian State Railways. After five months, Partnair had lost NOK 1.2	1.2	NUM	million	NUM	 million
Schrader retired from the race because of the collision, but Ragan and Jarrett continued. The leaders, including Johnson, made pit stops during the caution. Kurt Busch gained the lead after the pit stops, maintaining it at the lap 341 restart. Six laps later	later	ADV	Raines	NOUN	 Raines
Vlasic missed the wild card playoff game against the Oakland Raiders, but was available for the divisional playoff series against the Buffalo Bills. After DeBerg left in the second quarter due to injury, Vlasic entered the game in what was his only playoff appearance. He completed	completed	VERB	nine	NUM	 nine
Soon after, the storm began weakening again, and on March 7 Heather exited into the Australian region below tropical cyclone status. The cyclone continued to the southeast, becoming extratropical on March 8 and dissipating the next day in the Great Australian Bight. The final storm	storm	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
Leaves, flowers and fruits are seasonally available. On the ground underneath trees there is shade, and often there is undergrowth, leaf litter, fallen branches and / or decaying wood that provide other habitat. Trees stabilise the soil, prevent rapid run off of rain	rain	NOUN	water	NOUN	 water
A reviewer for BBC Comedy said that it " was a characteristically dark end to a show which was never afraid to explore the flip side of the comedy coin. " UKTV Gold's website says " it was a suitably downbeat end to an equally downbeat man.	.	PUNCT	"	PUNCT	 "
The pilot garments were developed under the Advanced Technology Anti G Suit (ATAGS) project and are to protect against chemical / biological hazards and cold water immersion, counter g forces and low pressure at high altitudes, and provide thermal relief. Suspicions regarding the performance of	of	ADP	the	DET	 the
Other dogs, such as Red Alert and Scrimshaw Placido Flamingo, are also credited with passing on the genes into more than one renowned bloodline. Yellow Labradors Jack Vanderwyk traces the origins of all Chocolate Labradors listed on the LabradorNet database (some 34,000 Labrador dogs of all	all	DET	shades	NOUN	 shades
Douglas continued her activism and focused her efforts on restoring the Everglades after declaring that " Conservation is now a dead word... You can't conserve what you haven't got. " Her criticism was directed at two entities she considered were doing the most damage to the	the	DET	Everglades	NOUN	 Everglades
He thinks if he spends enough time with Mercy, he'll win her around ". When Doctor Browning witnessed Riley kiss Mercedes " it becomes a question of how much he can take " and he decided he must " make a quick move " to prevent them	them	PRON	reuniting	VERB	 reuniting
The name, which means " the Bronze Gate ", was given to it either because of the bronze portals or from the gilded bronze tiles used in its roof. The interior was lavishly decorated with marble and mosaics, and the exterior façade featured a number of	of	ADP	statues	NOUN	 statues
Sunderland completed the signing of Ghana international Asamoah Gyan in August 2010 for a fee around £13 million, becoming their new record transfer fee. Sunderland started the next season strongly, this time with a seven match unbeaten run against teams including Manchester City, Liverpool,	,	PUNCT	Arsenal	PROPN	 Arsenal
At this time the 56th Independent Mixed Brigade was the main Japanese combat force in the region, but was in the process of withdrawing inland to defensive positions located around rice growing areas. The 371st Independent Infantry Battalion was destroyed on Labuan by the 24th Brigade during 11	11	NUM	days	NOUN	 days
Although the Seattle Fault passes just south of the city center, neither it nor the Cascadia subduction zone has caused an earthquake since the city's founding. The Cascadia subduction zone poses the threat of an earthquake of magnitude 9.0 or greater, capable of seriously damaging the	the	DET	city	NOUN	 city
The Spanish demanded that the Spanish forces then stationed at Brest on the French Atlantic coast return to Spanish waters, and Spanish pressure on Portugal was relaxed. This weakening of the Franco Spanish axis was a significant factor in the Treaty of Amiens in early 1802 that brought	brought	VERB	the	DET	 the
Nightcrawler can teleport through walls, but prefers to only teleport when he can see his landing site. On his body are many scarification marks, one for every sin. Cumming had always been Singer's choice for the role, but at first he was not available	available	ADJ	due	ADP	 due
Even when the poem is in the same hand as the manuscript's main text, there is little evidence to suggest that it was copied from the same exemplar as the Latin Historia: nearly identical versions of the Old English poem are found in manuscripts belonging to different	different	ADJ	recensions	NOUN	 recensions
Molecular analyses have been similarly equivocal regarding the blacknose shark's phylogenetic relationships: Gavin Naylor's 1992 allozyme analysis found this species to be the most basal member of Carcharhinus, while Mine Dosay Abkulut's 2008 ribosomal DNA analysis indicated affinity between it and the blacktip shark (	(	PUNCT	C.	PROPN	C.
Carlo Santos of Anime News Network praised Najika as a likeable protagonist and the characterizations as believable. He enjoyed the plot and recipes, although he wrote that the character designs lacked creativity, and criticized the plot clichés and the antagonists ' weak characterization. He had mixed	mixed	ADJ	feelings	NOUN	 feelings
Grosjean argues that the best method for resolving the conflicts is to just take 14 July 664 as the date of death, and figure backwards with the length of reign given by Bede, which gives a consecration date of 12 March 655. Thacker and Abels agree generally	generally	ADV	,	PUNCT	,
Of these, D. capensis exhibits what is probably the most dramatic movement, curling its leaf completely around prey in 30 minutes. Some species, such as D. filiformis, are unable to bend their leaves in response to prey. A further type of (mostly strong	strong	ADJ	red	ADJ	 red
On July 30, The Sunday Times reported that former President Bill Clinton was believed to have warned Lieberman not to run as an independent if he lost the primary to Lamont. Throughout the election, Lamont significantly funded his own campaign, with donations exceeding $12.7 million	million	NUM	,	PUNCT	,
Towards the end of the video, they are shown leaving the ball before Buchanan jumps off the balcony and into the water. All three members are shown collectively in the water, which begins to fade out into the sky. The last scene shows the men that	that	PRON	were	AUX	 were
" This took the form of expulsion of foreigners and destruction or defacement of foreign property. An example of this in Shinan District was St. Michael's Cathedral, which was badly damaged during the Cultural Revolution which lasted from 1966 to 1971. During this time St. Michael	Michael	PROPN	's	PART	's
Just because of the sound — if you played it on a ukulele, it might not have been so powerful. " The lyrics of the song are about lust and sex. Dave Davies said of the song's lyrics, " ' You Really Got Me '	'	PUNCT	[	X	 [
The first artistically prestigious film in the annals of Hungarian cinematography was also produced on this site, based on a national classic, Bánk bán (1914), a tragedy written by József Katona. Later, the city was the production site of the 1991 Romanian drama	drama	NOUN	Undeva	PROPN	 Undeva
On 26 March 1942, Washington, along with Wasp, Wichita, Tuscaloosa and various smaller ships, sailed to bolster the British Home Fleet. During the voyage, Wilcox fell into the ocean; he was seen soon after by the destroyer Wilson, face down in	in	ADP	the	DET	 the
Wank Week's mention came as part of a critique of programming that Channel 4 was counting towards its " educational " content. Allen joked that he was expecting Wank Week to be included, " but that could be a hard one to pull off even for Channel	Channel	PROPN	4	NUM	 4
At this time, Christianization of the region was initiated in earnest, an effort crowned by the establishment of the Pomeranian Wolin Diocese after Bolesław's death in 1140. Before he died, Bolesław Krzywousty divided the country, in a limited sense, among four of his	his	PRON	sons	NOUN	 sons
Richardson died in 1886 and played no part in the planning of Christ Church, but it was his Stonehurst design that inspired Robert Treat Paine, Jr. to use the same stones from his property for the exterior of the church. The church features several stained glass windows	windows	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
Millepora alcicornis feeds on plankton. The tentacles of the dactylzooids are normally extended all the time. If an object is waved about above the coral, it will cause the tentacles to retract and then the coral can be handled without experiencing the painful stings caused by the	the	DET	cnidocytes	NOUN	 cnidocytes
The collision resulted in a safety car period, with the order standing: Ricciardo, Verstappen, Sainz, Vettel and Räikkönen. The safety car came in at the end of lap four. Vettel got past Sainz on lap eight and Räikkönen tried to follow suit two	two	NUM	laps	NOUN	 laps
Knyaz Suvorov never regained her position in the battle line and became the primary target of the Japanese for a time. Around 16: 00 the captain of Imperator Alexandr III, Nikolai Bukhvostov, decided to duplicate Retvizan's maneuver at the Battle of the Yellow Sea by	by	ADP	charging	VERB	 charging
Bub and Game Informer's Jay Fitzloff criticized the craft placement, as the player's view was often obscured by their own ship. Lopez also gave Iridion low marks, warning that " after the initial ' wow ' wears off, you'll be stuck with an	an	DET	empty	ADJ	 empty
After maintaining this intensity for roughly 12 hours, the storm abruptly weakened. Within a few hours, maximum winds decreased by 45 mph (75 km / h) to 115 mph (185 km / h), a low end Category 3 hurricane. The reason	reason	NOUN	for	ADP	 for
Some of the Gobrecht dollars produced were struck with ' medal alignment ', meaning that the obverse and reverse images both face upward when the coin is rotated around its vertical axis. For the 1837 production (which kept the 1836 date), Patterson ordered that the	the	DET	coins	NOUN	 coins
After the initial German and Italian assault, on the evening of 3 / 4 May the 18th Brigade counter attacked to retake positions lost; the 2 / 10th was given a supporting role, tasked with carrying out raids deep into the opposing forces ' territory while the	the	DET	2	NUM	 2
The disaster prompted UEFA to ban English clubs from European football for five years. Watched by a crowd of 59,000, the first half was goalless. Juventus took the lead in the 56th minute when Michel Platini scored from a penalty after Gary Gillespie was adjudged to have	have	AUX	brought	VERB	 brought
Entering the bottom of the ninth inning of Game 4 at Fenway Park, Yankees reliever Mariano Rivera was attempting to close out a 4 – 3 lead. But after issuing a leadoff walk to Kevin Millar, pinch runner Dave Roberts stole second and came around to score	score	VERB	on	ADP	 on
Usher went there. When you ’ re engaging in sexual activity, there are many transitions and this is not about what they look like literally, but what they look like metaphorically. It ’ s about luring people into a situation. Because you have your thoughts	thoughts	NOUN	on	ADP	 on
The failed expeditionary force led to open warfare between Tiku, who went into hiding in his fortress at Buntu Batu, and Dutch troops. Tiku kept spies on the Dutch forces at Rantepao. On 22 June they reported that the preceding night a Dutch battalion consisting of	of	ADP	roughly	ADV	 roughly
Common wisdom about lightly oxidized teas in Taiwan (a large producer of Oolong) is that too little oxidation upsets the stomach of some consumers. Even so, some producers attempt to minimize oxidation in order to produce a specific taste or allow the tea leaves to be	be	AUX	easily	ADV	 easily
The musicologist Adrian Thomas notes that the symphony lacks dissonance outside of modal inflections (that is, occasional use of pitches that fall outside the mode), and that it does not require nonstandard techniques or virtuosic playing. Thomas further observes that " there is no second	second	ADJ	hand	NOUN	 hand
Playing it is like falling into an exciting movie thriller. " Gaming Chronicles gave it a 9.2 out of 10, saying that " adventure gaming is alive and well thanks to designers like Revolution " and that it's a stunning achievement in interactive entertainment, praising its	its	PRON	story	NOUN	 story
Numbers of ships and men for the Allies are also somewhat problematic. Herodotus claims that Leotychides had 110 triremes under his command. However, the previous year, the allies had fielded 271 triremes at the Battle of Artemisium, and then 378 at the Battle of Salamis	Salamis	PROPN	.	PUNCT	.
One of these Indian soldiers, who had died in the assault, was buried at the mosque. Since 1950, after Indonesia's independence was recognised, the Ganting Grand Mosque has hosted numerous statesmen from both Indonesia and abroad, including Vice President Mohammad Hatta, Minister	Minister	PROPN	of	ADP	 of
Similarly the previous mascot was officially John P. Carroll, for Pilarz. He was also infrequently referred to as Jack IV, as the school was unsure of the exact number of dogs used as Jack in the 1970s. Jack lived with Father Christopher Steck in New South	South	PROPN	Hall	PROPN	 Hall
The episode earned a Nielsen household rating of 9.5, meaning that it was seen by 9.5% of the nation's estimated households. The episode was viewed by 9.58 million households and 15.87 million viewers. The episode marked an 11% decrease from the seventh season opener	opener	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
During the first four months of 1945, III Corps moved quickly to the offensive. On 25 February, the corps, now as part of the First United States Army, established a bridgehead over the Roer River, which, in turn, led to the capture	capture	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
Drexler and his followers have focused almost exclusively on the latter form of molecular nanotechnology, but Drexler has stated that both are valid pathways to creating molecular machine systems. Richard E. Smalley, a chemist at Rice University, was best known as a co discoverer of the	the	DET	C60	PROPN	 C60
He praised both teams and the nature of the match but refused to compromise Newcastle's expansive style of football. Liverpool's manager Roy Evans observed that no team could " win the championship playing like that " and admitted his team had got away with " playing two	two	NUM	against	ADP	 against
It has an overwintering capacity of eight people and a summer capacity of 40. It is served by Troll Airfield, which is the base for the Dronning Maud Land Air Network. Troll is located in the eastern part of Princess Martha Coast in Queen Maud Land,	,	PUNCT	which	PRON	 which
She wore a silvery leotard with a giant star on her shoulder and tassels. As the song progressed to the intermediate verse, the violist played a hoe down version of the music and Gaga danced around frantically over the stage. The performance ended with Gaga staring towards	towards	ADP	the	DET	 the
The Hall of Traditions houses interactive displays, videos, photos, records and information on the program, including featured displays of the 2005 Sugar Bowl and 2007 Fiesta Bowl seasons. The Hall is open to the public on weekdays throughout the year. The Puskar Center is	is	AUX	also	ADV	 also
1994 – 2007. Retrieved 16 February 2007. General Accounting Office (GAO) (1998). " Operation Provide Comfort: Review of U.S. Air Force Investigation of Black Hawk Fratricide Incident ". Archived from the original on 2 March 2007. Retrieved 1 March 2007	2007	NUM	.	PUNCT	.
The route proceeded northward, overlapping NY 321 through the lakeside village and into the surrounding town of Skaneateles, where it became State Street Road. Once in Skaneateles, the surroundings became mostly rural ahead of an intersection with the Old Seneca Turnpike. The highway continued on	on	ADP	,	PUNCT	,
Within the grounds of the hospital, a Maggie's Centre, under the name of Maggie's Fife, specialises in care for cancer patients. The centre, which was completed between 2004 and 2006, was the first building to be designed by Zaha Hadid, an	an	DET	Iraqi	ADJ	 Iraqi
Entrance was strictly controlled by an outer and inner gatehouse. A chapel, known as the capella ante portas (Latin for chapel outside the gates) was placed by the outer gatehouse for the use of travellers and the local community. Of the precinct buildings, only	only	ADV	the	DET	 the
Reportedly, Ghoshal was selected to sing the female rendition of the track after being auditioned by many other artistes. In an interview, Moitra stated; " Pradeep wanted a little trill of laughter in the middle of the song and she did it effortlessly ". Along	Along	ADP	with	ADP	 with
It lies in Preslav, the former capital of the First Bulgarian Empire, today a town in northeastern Bulgaria. The church dates to the early 10th century, the time of Tsar Simeon I's rule, and was unearthed and first archaeologically examined in 1927 – 1928	1928	NUM	.	PUNCT	.
" I'm just so tired, I don't feel I have been human for five years, " he said. Network Ten had initially intended only to bring back Good News Week as a one off special, but decided to expand it after the short supply	supply	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
The trails had profound political effects during a time of Anglo American tension. Both Britain and the U.S. were concerned about each other ’ s cross border influences. Born out of commercial needs and located by the dictates of geography, the trails helped create and contribute to	to	ADP	these	DET	 these
Its first scenario, Operation Heaven One (or Ten ichi gō天一号) became the last major Japanese naval operation in the Pacific Theater of World War II. The resulting engagement is also known as the Battle of the East China Sea. In April 1945, the Japanese	Japanese	ADJ	battleship	NOUN	 battleship
” Accordingly, Chappuis played the 1946 season with a fractured wrist and without even bothering to tape the wrist. He was later drafted in December by the Detroit Lions in the fifth round of the 1947 NFL Draft (26th overall pick). But Chappuis opted to	to	PART	stay	VERB	 stay
It gave the season three out of five stars at the time of the DVD release. In a review of " Scorpion, Part II ", the first episode of the fourth season, Tony Norman of the Pittsburg Post Gazette noted several new elements. The episode	episode	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
The planchet, being placed horizontally between these two plates, is carried along by the motion of the movable one; so as by the time that it had made half a turn, it is found marked all round. According to a 1765 Encyclopédie entry, Castaing	Castaing	PROPN	's	PART	's
The festival of St Lambert had stopped by the eighteenth century. St Etheldreda's and the Vigil of the Ascension markets still continue, although the number of days have been considerably reduced and the dates have changed. Present day annual events in Ely include Aquafest, which	which	PRON	has	AUX	 has
Jones further commented that the fictional bands were well matched to the songs they played, and that the pacing of the presentation, moving quickly between songs, made the experience feel more like a real concert. McElroy acknowledged the presentation can potentially be " cringe worthy "	"	PUNCT	,	PUNCT	,
The insert song titled " Each and All " by Livetune feat. Rin Oikawa also doubled as the closing theme of the tenth episode. Song Riders released " Be " on May 22, 2013. This was followed by the release of Livetune's " Take Your	Your	PRON	Way	NOUN	 Way
Violence, gore, sexual perversity, and even the music can be pushed to stylistic excess far beyond that allowed by mainstream cinema. Film censorship can make these films obscure and difficult to find, common criteria used to define cult films. Despite this, these films	films	NOUN	remain	VERB	 remain
After Ann's death, Mary replaces her with Henry; as Johnson writes, " this tale of forbidden and unnarratable passionate friendship becomes a tale of forbidden but narratable adulterous love ". Like Ann, Henry is a feminine counterpart to Mary's masculine persona. Mary	Mary	PROPN	's	PART	's
After her mother remarried, they moved to Niagara on the Lake, Ontario. Later in her teenage years, her mother divorced again. Åkerman attended many different schools, including Sir Winston Churchill Secondary School in St. Catharines, Ontario. She once attended a Catholic school	school	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
These led to trading ventures with other Puritans on Barbados, a source of cotton, and with the neighboring French colony of Acadia. French Acadia, covering the eastern half of present day Maine, as well as New Brunswick and Nova Scotia, was at the time	time	NOUN	embroiled	VERB	 embroiled
During the mid 1990s, Biman switched its airliner of choice for long haul routes to the Airbus series of aircraft. In 1995, two PW4000 powered Airbus A310 300s were ordered; the first of them joined the fleet on 15 June 1996 (1996 06 15)	)	PUNCT	.	PUNCT	.
The DVD and Blu ray combo pack features three " mini movies " titled Puppy, Panic in the Mailroom, and Training Wheels. A Walmart exclusive Blu ray / DVD combo pack included two limited edition Minion toys. In its first week of home entertainment release,	,	PUNCT	4.5	NUM	 4.5
Additionally, reconnaissance aircraft flights began indicating a transition to a warm core. Unfavorable northwesterly winds briefly halted further development, though by late on August 26, Bravo resumed acquiring tropical characteristics after another deepening trough accelerated the storm eastward. After reconnaissance aircraft reported winds of 98	98	NUM	mph	NOUN	 mph
But in the past few days I have had to wake up the players. So I'm not able to anticipate which kind of Milan you will see. " 800 Milan supporters travelled to London, and Capello denied reports a section of them intended to cause trouble	trouble	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
A mark on the drum from the Israeli Bureau of Standards allowed them to determine its size and composition. They concluded that the shots may have come from a position behind the France 2 cameraman, where Palestinian police were alleged to have been standing. On 23 October	October	PROPN	2000	NUM	 2000
Commenting afterwards, O'Sullivan said " It might have looked like I lost my head or whatever, but I'm sure I'll bounce back. " For this he was later fined £300, and was ordered to pay £1,000 in costs. In the Masters	Masters	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
To support those ground units, the South Vietnamese air force had 32 fighter bombers, 86 helicopters, and 32 transport and reconnaissance aircraft. Across the Central Highlands of Vietnam, the South Vietnamese military enjoyed a numerical superiority of about 78,300 soldiers against North Vietnam ’ s	s	VERB	65,141	NUM	 65,141
The Sagarin computer ratings calculated Alabama's 2010 strength of schedule to be the fifth most difficult out of the 245 Division I teams. The Cosgrove Computer Rankings calculated it as the 12th most difficult out of the 120 Division I FBS teams in its rankings. Source:	:	PUNCT	Rolltide.com	NOUN	 Rolltide.com
Walter begins to collect equipment to create interference with the vibrations to prevent the crossing. Another corpse is found, that of a bank manager that appears to have been killed by a shapeshifter. Realizing both men would have access to secured areas in their workplaces, they	they	PRON	use	VERB	 use
France pulled out prior to the commencement of the tournament, being unable to field a representative team. Australasia was represented by the Wallabies, who were already on tour in Britain. As the best English and Welsh players were on tour in New Zealand at the time	time	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
The operation did not give the Allies any tactical or strategic advantage; Howard notes that it provided experience for the planners in handling deception and for the Twenty Committee in proving the worth of double agents. Terry Crowdy, writing in 2008, argued that any experience that	that	PRON	the	DET	 the
The 2009 discovery in Scotland of a 4000 year old tomb with burial treasures at Forteviot, near Perth, the capital of a Pictish Kingdom in the 8th and 9th centuries AD, is unrivalled anywhere in Britain. It contains the remains of an early Bronze Age ruler	ruler	NOUN	laid	VERB	 laid
Koepp collaborated with Raiders of the Lost Ark screenwriter Lawrence Kasdan on the film's " love dialogue. " Unlike the previous Indiana Jones films, Spielberg shot the entire film in the United States, stating he did not want to be away from his family. Shooting	Shooting	NOUN	began	VERB	 began
Due to its high ratings, the series received a full third season renewal for the fall prime time line up. In response to numerous fan complaints regarding scheduling during the previous seasons, the American Broadcasting Company decided to do major changes in the season. After two	two	NUM	seasons	NOUN	 seasons
He was undoubtedly familiar with the site depicted in the painting too, as it was only a half a mile (800 m) from Haverford College, where Coates studied as an undergraduate. The depiction of a professor and his students together in the nude would have	have	AUX	been	AUX	 been
The journalist John Kifner describes Migration of the Serbs as a " Balkan equivalent to Washington Crosses the Delaware... an instantly recognizable [icon] of the 500 year struggle against the Ottoman Turks. " Professor David A. Norris, a historian specializing in Serbian culture, calls	calls	VERB	Jovanović	PROPN	 Jovanović
The most stable of these is 192m2Ir, which decays by isomeric transition with a half life of 241 years, making it more stable than any of iridium's synthetic isotopes in their ground states. The least stable isomer is 190m3Ir with a half life of only 2	2	NUM	µs	NOUN	 µs
Citing the song's lurid content about a transvestite prostitute as inappropriate, they suggested that " Don't Let Go " be chosen as the first single. However, Cuomo continued to fight and " Hash Pipe " eventually became the album's first single. The label	label	NOUN	tried	VERB	 tried
Peter becomes suspicious of Mathis when he sees blood on her jacket; however, he believes her when she shows him her cut from a fall, which is bleeding normal blood, not the mercury typical of shapeshifters; he then explains the concept of shapeshifters to her	her	PRON	.	PUNCT	.
Apart from these major awards, it also won awards at other national and international ceremonies. There were two releases for the DVD. The first, as a 2 DVD set, was released on 27 May 2002 in limited regions. It contained subtitles in Arabic,	,	PUNCT	English	PROPN	 English
On 29 May, the Israeli Supreme Court rejected the appeal and upheld the District Court's judgement on all counts. Eichmann immediately petitioned Israeli President Yitzhak Ben Zvi for clemency. The content of his letter to the President pleading for pardon and other original court documents of	of	ADP	the	DET	 the
In 1945 Empress Zita celebrated her birthday on the first day of peace, 9 May. She was to spend the next two years touring the United States and Canada to raise funds for war ravaged Austria and Hungary. After a period of rest and recovery, Zita	Zita	PROPN	found	VERB	 found
A polar rose is a famous mathematical curve that looks like a petaled flower, and that can be expressed as a simple polar equation, <formula> for any constant ɣ0 (including 0). If k is an integer, these equations will produce a k	k	NOUN	petaled	VERB	 petaled
In the end of 1347 or in the beginning of 1348, however, Ivan Alexander divorced with his first wife and sent her to a monastery to marry the Jewess Sarah Theodora. That event spoiled the relations between Ivan Sratsimir and his father and the conflict deepened after	after	ADP	the	DET	 the
Patrode, a dish of colocasia leaves stuffed with rice, dal, jaggery, coconut, and spices is popular. Kuswar are sweet delicacies prepared during Christmas and include around 22 varieties of sweets. Fish and rice form the staple diet of most Mangalorean Catholics. Par	Par	PROPN	boiled	VERB	 boiled
I wanted to make an album you can just play. " The opening track " S & M " is an up tempo eurodance song produced by Norwegian producers StarGate and Sandy Vee. The song is reminiscent of Depeche Mode's 1984 song " Master and Servant "	"	PUNCT	and	CCONJ	 and
Former NASA astronauts and families were also dismayed and labeled the use of the sample as " insensitive ". Keith Cowing of NASA Watch suggested that the use of the clip ranged from negligence to repugnance. On December 30, 2013, NASA criticized the use of the	the	DET	sample	NOUN	 sample
East of Ancaster, the freeway passes through a short greenbelt, with Hamilton Golf and Country Club lying to the north. A divided segment of Highway 6 meets the freeway and continues concurrently with it through Hamilton; to the south, Highway 6 travels to John C.	C.	PROPN	Munro	PROPN	 Munro
By the time the meal concluded at around 11.00 pm, no reliable news of Huskisson's condition had arrived. Following a toast to the King and to Huskisson's recovery, steamship pioneer Francis B. Ogden, at the time the American Consul in Liverpool, gave a	a	DET	speech	NOUN	 speech
He described his own belief in God by quoting the Bishop of Woolwich, saying, "... not as an old man in the sky. I believe that what people call God is something in all of us. " Adamant that he was not comparing himself with	with	ADP	Christ	PROPN	 Christ
He was asked to prepare a single issue of 80,000 words to test the market. The World's Work reprinted a good deal of American fiction and since they were only paying for reprint rights their rates were lower than was usual for new fiction. Gillings was given	given	VERB	a	DET	 a
Both heritage sites were declared National Cultural Treasures by the National Museum. The town also has two Spanish era bridges that were declared Important Cultural Treasures. A similar fort in Banton, the centuries old Fort San Jose and Banton Church, were built in the 1600s and	and	CCONJ	was	AUX	 was
The subordinating conjunction that shows that the clause that follows is a subordinate clause, but it is often omitted. Relative clauses are clauses that function as a modifier or specifier to some constituent in the main clause: For example, in the sentence I saw the letter	letter	NOUN	that	PRON	 that
" The colonists had been forming militias since the 17th century, initially for local defense against Indian attacks. These forces also saw action in the French and Indian War between 1754 and 1763 when they fought alongside British regulars. Under provincial law, all towns were obligated	obligated	VERB	to	PART	 to
It peaked at number four in Canada, and has been certified platinum with 80,000 units sold by the Canadian Recording Industry Association. The album also peaked at number one in Ireland, eight in New Zealand, nine in the Netherlands, thirty four in both Austria and	and	CCONJ	Wallonia	PROPN	 Wallonia
Discussion in the Journal was chiefly concerned with matters of literary criticism, and " the social and moral health of the body politic ". Most of the opening essays took a decidedly unpolitical tone. Exceptions were those in numbers 42, 50, and 58. Number	Number	NOUN	42	NUM	 42
He furthermore argued that Didi's desire to behead people when under the poison's influence expressed his Oedipus complex and was a substitute for castration. The Blue Lotus was adapted into a 1991 episode of The Adventures of Tintin television series by French studio Ellipse and Canadian animation	animation	NOUN	company	NOUN	 company
Elliott took personal control over the recruitment process, selecting only those officers that he had known from his service in the Citizens Forces as his company commanders, who he in turn entrusted with choosing their own subordinates. Recruitment was conducted over a period of three weeks and	and	CCONJ	by	ADP	 by
This contrasts with an annual range of more than 20° C (36° F) in North America at latitudes above 50oN. Absolute maximum temperatures can exceed 40° C (104° F) in the northern Río Negro Province and Neuquén Province, while in much	much	ADJ	of	ADP	 of
Myers and colleagues had included the name lutescens J.A. Allen, 1901, as a subspecies of Akodon puer Thomas, 1902, and in 1997 Sydney Anderson noted that the older name lutescens should instead be used for the species because of the Principle of Priority; therefore,	,	PUNCT	he	PRON	 he
The gameplay was conceived to cater to hardcore gamers who do not " ask for hints and read through strategy guides ". However, Matsuno revealed that over half of the game's story was cut due to capacity and development time constraints. Memory issues was considered the	the	DET	most	ADV	 most
In her review of the third volume, Rebecca Silverman, another reviewer for Anime News Network, wrote that while the middle school setting felt believable and the mystery was intriguing, some aspects of the plot were trying on the reader's suspension of disbelief, and the	the	DET	artwork	NOUN	 artwork
" I'm really bored because I have no books to read, " Yousafzai is filmed saying in the documentary. That month, after criticising militants at a press conference, Yousafzai's father received a death threat over the radio by a Taliban commander. Yousafzai was	was	AUX	deeply	ADV	 deeply
The presence of the shrine of Saint Erkenwald made the cathedral a pilgrimage site during the Medieval period. In addition to serving as the seat of the Diocese of London, the building developed a reputation as a hub of the City of London, with the nave aisle	aisle	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
The Admiralty had considered converting her to that configuration, with an island, in July 1918 while still building, but had decided to wait on the results of tests conducted with Argus evaluating different designs for the island. Vindictive was thought to be too small to be	be	AUX	an	DET	 an
The new facility, located at 57th Court and 14th Avenue, was dedicated in December 1964 and was composed of a 200 seat sanctuary, a social hall with a kitchen and a library, and an education building. During the American Civil Rights Movement in the 1960s	1960s	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
Mary was the daughter of Queen Victoria's first cousin Princess Mary Adelaide, Duchess of Teck. Queen Victoria was very supportive, considering Mary ideal — charming, sensible and pretty. On 3 December 1891 Albert Victor, to Mary's " great surprise ", proposed	proposed	VERB	to	ADP	 to
" Three officials, including the head of the local family planning department, were suspended from their jobs on June 14. An employee of the Ankang Family Planning Bureau said that " grass roots comrades aren't stupid, but this is what they're forced to do	do	VERB	...	PUNCT	...
Losses and results are unknown. KG 27 also abandoned most of its operations. III. / KG 27 did attempt to make it through to the Bristol docks, losing one He 111 to No. 87 Squadron RAF in the attempt. Little damage was done.	.	PUNCT	The	DET	 The
Their scene was staged on a set at Elstree Studios designed to resemble the Ricky Tick, a popular London club and, at Antonioni's direction, Beck smashes his guitar, in the manner of the Who's Pete Townshend. The song as performed in the film	film	NOUN	is	AUX	 is
These regions include the prefrontal cortex (PFC), basal ganglia, anterior cingulate cortex (ACC), and posterior parietal cortex (PPC). Studies conducted with people of various ages and with particular deficits have further informed how cognitive flexibility develops and changes within the	the	DET	brain	NOUN	 brain
The use of ultrasonography in medicine soon followed in different locations around the world. In the mid 1950s more research was undertaken by Professor Ian Donald et al., in Glasgow, which advanced the practical technology and applications of ultrasound. In 1963, in France,	,	PUNCT	L.	PROPN	 L.
The ship was also equipped with twelve 8 in (203 mm) 40 cal. guns in six twin turrets amidships. Close range defense against torpedo boats was provided by a battery of twenty four 3 in (76 mm) 40 cal. guns. She was	was	AUX	also	ADV	 also
He finished by saying, " Before the arrival of the French we lived like men who can be satisfied with what they have, whereas today we live like slaves, who are not suffered to do as they please. " The most faithful ally of the French	French	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
Fecundity " A great scientific theory, like Newton's, opens up new areas of research... Because a theory presents a new way of looking at the world, it can lead us to ask new questions, and so to embark on new and fruitful lines of	of	ADP	inquiry	NOUN	 inquiry
Hoping to keep the office that he'd been appointed to, he ran against his elder half brother Newton for the office of constable. The Earps may have hoped to keep the job in the family one way or another. Wyatt won by 137 votes to Newton	Newton	PROPN	's	PART	's
The identity of Mysterion is never revealed in " The Coon ". After the episode aired, the question " Who is Mysterion? " became a frequently asked question at the FAQ for the official South Park website, South Park Studios. The answer posted at that	that	DET	site	NOUN	 site
Much of MacLaren's time was now taken up working for Ranjitsinhji, who visited England between October 1907 and December 1908. MacLaren played just nine matches in 1908; Lancashire were eager for him to play, but he had little impact. His greatest success came for	for	ADP	the	DET	 the
It is during this period that the image of Gandhi (Dilip Prabhavalkar), addressed by his nickname " Bapu " (" father "), appears and offers help and advice to Munna. Gandhi encourages Munna to tell the truth about himself to Janhavi, but	but	CCONJ	Munna	PROPN	 Munna
On the November 22 episode of Raw, following a successful WWE Championship defense by Randy Orton against Wade Barrett, he cashed in his Money in the Bank contract to become the new WWE Champion making him the first person from Tough Enough to win the WWE Championship.	.	PUNCT	He	PRON	 He
He called the Black / Leachman romance " creepy and hilarious ", but described the Jim and Pam romance subplot as the weak link of the episode. David Krone of the Los Angeles Daily News said although he had mixed feelings about the fifth season so far,	,	PUNCT	he	PRON	 he
At times the crowd spilled over the unfenced boundary, making the ground smaller than intended. All these factors meant scoring a boundary would be an easier task for the batsmen. The England openers Cyril Washbrook and Len Hutton were given a loud reception as they walked out	out	ADP	to	ADP	 to
Surveillance of Falun Gong practitioners and intelligence collection is among the chief functions of 610 Offices. At the local levels, this involves monitoring workplaces and residences to identify Falun Gong practitioners, making daily visits to the homes of known (or " registered ") Falun Gong	Gong	PROPN	practitioners	NOUN	 practitioners
One of the major effects of the conversion of the Vikings was to bring an end to plundering raids on Christian sites, which may have allowed them to recover some of their status as cultural and intellectual centres. It also probably curbed the excesses of Viking violence and	and	CCONJ	led	VERB	 led
The following year the band recorded (What's the Story) Morning Glory? (1995) with their new drummer Alan White, formerly of Starclub, in the midst of a chart rivalry with Britpop peers Blur. Along with Suede, Pulp and the aforementioned Blur	Blur	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
On August 25, 1996 the City of Kingston proclaimed Molly Brant Commemoration Day. The Mohawk Nation - Bay of Quinte, the Corporation of the City of Kingston, the City of Kingston Historical Board, Mr. John Boxtel (Molly Brant Sculptor) and the Historic Sites	Sites	PROPN	and	CCONJ	 and
I am pleased to be able to add that the warlords of Japan now know its effects better even than we ourselves. The atomic bomb which you have helped to develop with high devotion to patriotic duty is the most devastating military weapon that any country has ever been	been	AUX	able	ADJ	 able
It was writer Michael Sussman's third episode of the season, while it was director David Livingston's second. The episode was the third in a three part story arc, following on from the episodes " The Forge " and " Awakening ". " Kir'Shara "	"	PUNCT	and	CCONJ	 and
This was not the case, however. On occasion the two men clashed on matters of policy, but Reitz remained true to his own convictions, gaining some influence over Kruger in the process. Originally praised by the British for his diplomatic courtesy, their attitude quickly	quickly	ADV	changed	VERB	 changed
Mint records indicate the first gold dollars were produced on May 7, 1849; Longacre's diary notes state instead that the first were struck on May 8. A few coins in proof condition were struck on the first day, along with about 1,000 for circulation.	.	PUNCT	There	PRON	 There
In February 1799, Adams surprised many by sending diplomat William Vans Murray on a peace mission to France. Napoleon, realizing that the conflict was pointless, signaled his readiness for friendly relations. At the Convention of 1800 the Treaty of Alliance of 1778 was superseded and	and	CCONJ	the	DET	 the
She was laid down in Scotland in 1914 as TSS Nairana for the Australian shipping line Huddart Parker, but construction was suspended after the outbreak of the First World War. Following resumption of work, the ship was launched in 1915, and converted to operate wheeled aircraft	aircraft	NOUN	from	ADP	 from
After various miscommunications in matches involving the three wrestlers, Management Director Jim Cornette announced Booker T versus Styles with Cage as Special Guest Referee as the main event of the October 9 episode of Impact! to settle the issue. Styles defeated Booker T during the show,	,	PUNCT	with	ADP	 with
Since most asymptomatic individuals are unaware of their infection, they are considered at high risk for spreading HSV. In October 2011, the anti HIV drug tenofovir, when used topically in a microbicidal vaginal gel, was reported to reduce herpes virus sexual transmission by 51%	%	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
He has that will to win. " Duke of Marmalade was then brought back in distance from twelve furlongs to ten and a half furlongs for the International Stakes. The race also attracted the Epsom Derby winner New Approach, and the meeting of the two champions was	was	AUX	much	ADV	 much
Some trial and error fitting may prove necessary. Traditionally, contact lenses for keratoconus have been the ' hard ' or RGP variety, although manufacturers have also produced specialized ' soft ' or hydrophilic lenses and, most recently, silicone hydrogel lenses. A soft lens has	has	VERB	a	DET	 a
Ambrose and two of his brothers, Robert and Christopher, were educated by Jesuits at Saint Omer, then in Flanders. Both brothers became priests (Ambrose's elder brother, Henry, became a Franciscan), and his half sisters Dorothea and Susanna became nuns.	.	PUNCT	Ambrose	PROPN	 Ambrose
" Tolle changed his first name from Ulrich to Eckhart; by some reports this was in homage to the German philosopher and mystic, Meister Eckhart. A 2012 interview article states that he saw the name Eckhart on one of a pile of books in a dream,	,	PUNCT	and	CCONJ	 and
Key Biscayne, although named a " key ", is not geologically part of the Florida Keys, but is a barrier island composed of sand eroded from the Appalachian Mountains, carried to the coast by rivers and then moved along the coast from the north by coastal	coastal	ADJ	currents	NOUN	 currents
In Glasgow, four people died, and the Dragoons were called out to quell rioting after a Roman Catholic church was burned and looted (the mob would have assumed Byrne, an Irishman, to be a Roman Catholic). Byrne was arrested three days later on	on	ADP	board	VERB	 board
Subsequently, he wrote Japan (Cultures of the World series, 1990) and Culture Shock!: Japan (1993). He was also a self taught painter and piano accordion player. Shelley began writing fiction late in life, publishing his first novel The Shrimp	Shrimp	PROPN	People	PROPN	 People
It had been previously announced that this aircraft would be deployed on a new route to Guangzhou in November. Kenya Airways had nine Boeing 787 Dreamliners on order, as of April 2011, although the company considered cancelling the order after systematic delays with the delivery dates.	.	PUNCT	The	DET	 The
Milligrams of einsteinium that would normally take a year of irradiation in a high power reactor, were produced within a microsecond. However, the major practical problem of the entire proposal was collecting the radioactive debris dispersed by the powerful blast. Aircraft filters adsorbed only about 4	4	NUM	×	PROPN	 ×
The scientists proposed different names for the elements: Urbain chose neoytterbium and lutecium, whereas Welsbach chose aldebaranium and cassiopeium (after Aldebaran and Cassiopeia). Both of these articles accused the other man of publishing results based on those of the author. The International Commission on	on	ADP	Atomic	PROPN	 Atomic
Otto Frisch and Rudolf Peierls first described how a practical nuclear weapon could be constructed in the Frisch – Peierls memorandum of 1940, the same year that the cavity magnetron, the key component of radar and later of microwave ovens, was invented by John Randall and Henry	Henry	PROPN	Boot	PROPN	 Boot
US 89 / US 91 turns north there, bypassing the town of Mantua to the west, and continues to ascend through Dry Canyon to Sardine Summit (elevation 5900 feet / 1798 m). Another small valley leads to Wellsville Canyon, where the four lane roadway	roadway	NOUN	again	ADV	 again
This long established club attracted a distinguished clientele who, Keeler wrote, " could look but could not touch ". Shortly after starting at Murray's, Keeler was introduced to a client, the society osteopath Stephen Ward. Captivated by his charm, she agreed to	to	PART	move	VERB	 move
He expressed the opinion that " in these days Kent possesses so few genuine popular customs of this kind that we can not afford to be indifferent to those still in existence. This is my excuse for my attempt to record the custom as now existing before it is	is	AUX	utterly	ADV	 utterly
The royal prerogative to dissolve Parliament was abrogated by the Fixed term Parliaments Act 2011. Section 6 (1) of the Act however specifically states that the monarch's power to prorogue Parliament is not affected by the Act. The appointment of the prime minister is also	also	ADV	,	PUNCT	,
The Spencer Davis Group had their first UK number one with the Jackie Edwards penned " Keep on Running " (1965), but became largely a vehicle for the young keyboard player and vocalist Steve Winwood, who at only 18 co wrote " Gimme Some Lovin '	'	PUNCT	"	PUNCT	 "
They are often large and agile in flight, and the females bite animals, including humans, to obtain blood. They prefer to fly in sunlight, avoiding dark and shady areas, and are inactive at night. They are found all over the world except for	for	ADP	some	DET	 some
At the time, the storm was forecast to make landfall between Port O'Connor and Freeport, Texas. However, all small craft offshore from the mouth of the Rio Grande and Burrwood, Louisiana were warned to remain in port or return to the coast. All other	other	ADJ	shipping	NOUN	 shipping
In 1980, during the lead up to the selection of the Olympic team, Brooks walked out of a training camp, alleging that the coaches were neglecting him, while Evans once stopped during a training session and refused to do extra mileage, emphatically proclaiming that "	"	PUNCT	work	NOUN	 work
" Danny Peary noted, " The Conqueror Worm is a stunning film in many ways, but probably Reeves's greatest achievement is that he was able to maintain an extraordinary momentum throughout, until the film ends as it began, with a woman (this time Sara	Sara	PROPN	)	PUNCT	)
However, its initial sales fell below expectations and its five singles failed to achieve significant chart success. Despite the album's low initial sales, Illmatic received rave reviews from most music critics, who praised its production and Nas ' lyricism. On January 17, 1996	1996	NUM	,	PUNCT	,
It included Oltenia and large portions of Banat, Transylvania, and Wallachia. Many colonists " from all over the Roman world " arrived and settled in the new province in the following decades. Dacia was situated over the empire's natural borders. It was surrounded by	by	ADP	native	ADJ	 native
His copy of the script came with a note from the production team saying, " Sorry, kill you later ". The underwater scene required Spiner to wear more make up than usual because it needed to be waterproof. LeVar Burton reprised his role of Lieutenant Commander	Commander	PROPN	Geordi	PROPN	 Geordi
The New York Times reported " an entire lack of disciplined control over the whole of the ship ", and that " the officers and crew did not do their best towards saving the vessel, which they left too early ". Paul Grann, from Dorian's	's	PART	boat	NOUN	 boat
She made her film debut in The Horse Whisperer (1998) and appeared in Remember the Titans (2000) and new comers (2000) alongside Chris Evans, before landing a lead role as a teenage surfer in the box office hit Blue Crush (2002)	)	PUNCT	.	PUNCT	.
The majority of clan or lineage groups were not very influential in local society. However, prominent kinship groups could enjoy a great deal of ad hoc influence, especially if a member served as a government official. Wealthy scholars or officials often shared the same kinship group	group	NOUN	with	ADP	 with
In the same year he accepted a knighthood, and declined the conductorship of the New York Philharmonic Orchestra in succession to Mahler, as he felt it his duty to devote himself to the British public. Throughout the early part of the century, Wood was influential in	in	ADP	changing	VERB	 changing
The race began with a succession of attacks; eventually an eleven rider group escaped to form the day's principal breakaway. These were Stefan Schumacher (CCC – Sprandi – Polkowice), Enrico Barbin (Bardiani – CSF), Jan Polanc (Lampre Merida),	,	PUNCT	Matteo	PROPN	 Matteo
Boyle was selected 3rd overall by the Stealth in the 2004 National Lacrosse League entry draft. In 2005, he was named NLL Rookie of the Year. He won the rookie scoring title. He participated in the 2005 and 2007 National Lacrosse League All Star Games.	.	PUNCT	In	ADP	 In
In extant birds, such as frugivorous (fruit eating) pigeons, kinetic premaxillae help with consuming large food items. In 2016, the first 3D endocast was made from the brain of the dodo; examination found that though the brain was similar to that of other	other	ADJ	pigeons	NOUN	 pigeons
" Gypsy " was released as the fourth and final single off the album on 26 March 2010. The song generated a positive response from music critics, many of whom praised its acoustic styled production. Commercially, the single was a success and charted inside the top	top	ADJ	10	NUM	 10
The flame fougasse was developed by the Petroleum Warfare Department in Britain as an anti tank weapon during the invasion crisis of 1940. During that period, about 50,000 flame fougasse barrels were deployed in some 7,000 batteries, mostly in southern England and a little later at 2,000	2,000	NUM	sites	NOUN	 sites
He was a supporter of the Temperance Movement. Cushing was elected Calgary town councillor for a term beginning on January 20, 1890. He remained in that capacity until January 16, 1893. Two years later he became an alderman on the council of Calgary, which	which	PRON	was	AUX	 was
Despite the Governments actions to secure the peace, about this time Lachlan Mor MacLean of Duart ravaged the MacDonald islands of Islay and Gigha, slaughtering 500 — 600 men. Maclean of Duart then besieged Angus MacDonald of Dunivaig and the Glens at his Castle Dunivaig. The	The	DET	siege	NOUN	 siege
First reported as a new species in 2007, the diminutive mushroom is only found in Kanagawa, Japan, where it grows on dead fallen twigs in lowland forests dominated by hornbeam carpinus and Chinese evergreen oak trees. The mushroom has a brownish orange conical cap that has	has	VERB	grooves	NOUN	 grooves
Frightened by all the attention, Mr. Garrison decides to return to his normal looks. Wendy reclaims Stan as her boyfriend. Wendy speaks with the Iraqi men in fluent Arabic and pays them with a wad of American money. Later, Wendy watches joyfully as the rocket	rocket	NOUN	blows	VERB	 blows
British composer Arnold Cooke attended Streete Preparatory School in the early 20th century. The artist Sir William Quiller Orchardson painted several of his most well known pictures while living in Westgate on Sea. He was buried in the town in 1910. While staying at nearby Birchington on	on	ADP	Sea	PROPN	 Sea
Ticketed events were also announced, including headline international acts in concert. In its first year, along with other events, Enlighten hosted rock band INXS, jazz guitarist George Benson, and world music supergroup Afro Celt Sound System. To help promote Enlighten, INXS arrived	arrived	VERB	in	ADP	 in
When Eckerle returns, he finds the exterminator's body covered with roaches. Fox Mulder (David Duchovny) is coincidentally nearby, investigating reported UFO sightings in Miller's Grove. While on the phone with Dana Scully (Gillian Anderson), Mulder is approached by the	the	DET	local	ADJ	 local
Large concentrations are known to occur north of the Northern Mariana Islands and in the Gulf of Sendai, and repeated sightings are reported off Bali, the east coast of Taiwan, Ryukyu Islands, Izu Islands, in Tsushima Strait, and Izu Peninsula. The modern status	status	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
The council was trying to discover the identity of a blogger called " Mr Monkey " who allegedly posted libellous statements about three local councillors. On January 23, 2012, it was reported that Twitter would be acquiring Dasient, a startup that offers malware protection for businesses	businesses	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
The story was adapted in 1962 as the first film in the Bond series, with Sean Connery in the lead role; in 2008 BBC Radio 4 broadcast a version, with Toby Stephens as Bond. After recovering from tetrodotoxin poisoning inflicted by the SMERSH agent Rosa Klebb	Klebb	PROPN	(	PUNCT	 (
In some cases, such as at Dover, this arrangement became quite sophisticated with particular castle towers being named after particular families owing castle guard duty. The links between castles and the surrounding lands and estates was particularly important during this period. Many castles, both royal	royal	ADJ	and	CCONJ	 and
) Elsewhere, the album explored more serious themes, and found Bowie paying unusually direct homage to his influences with " Song for Bob Dylan ", " Andy Warhol ", and " Queen Bitch ", a Velvet Underground pastiche. It was not a significant commercial	commercial	ADJ	success	NOUN	 success
What would become PA 332 between Newtown and Yardley was designated part of Legislative Route 252 in 1911. PA 332 was created in 1928 to run from PA 263 in Hatboro east to Ivyland with the road between Newtown and Yardley designated as part of PA 532. By	By	ADP	1940	NUM	 1940
In a 9 – 7 loss to the Angels on June 29, he hit for the cycle and got his 1000th hit and 200th double (both against Kelvim Escobar). He is one of four Orioles to hit for the cycle (along with Brooks Robinson,	,	PUNCT	Cal	PROPN	 Cal
The album covers 44 tracks and has a duration of 1: 06: 01. It was published by NTT Publishing / Square on August 6, 1993 with the catalog number N25D 019, and reprinted by NTT Publishing on August 25, 1995 and October 1,	,	PUNCT	2004	NUM	 2004
The 38th's retirement would be covered by the 2nd Division and other units, which would then follow the 38th westward. Any troops unable to move were encouraged to kill themselves to " uphold the honor of the Imperial Army ". From Cape Esperance the Japanese navy	navy	NOUN	planned	VERB	 planned
After the death of Joseph Stalin, Nikita Khrushchev became the Soviet leader following the deposition and execution of Lavrentiy Beriya and the pushing aside of rivals Georgy Malenkov and Vyacheslav Molotov. On 25 February 1956, Khrushchev shocked delegates to the 20th Congress of the Soviet Communist Party	Party	PROPN	by	ADP	 by
" Cook's story has been told through different media. The 700 Club did a full length documentary about his life, which aired worldwide. Cook wrote a religious self help book, Inspirational Words about the issues he overcame. On November 11, 2009, Cook	Cook	PROPN	was	AUX	 was
The episodes allow the player to assume the roles of Captain James T. Kirk, Mr. Spock, Dr. Leonard McCoy, Lt. Hikaru Sulu, Ensign Pavel Chekov, and Engineer Montgomery " Scotty " Scott. The first episode was to involve the murder of a Romulan	Romulan	PROPN	ambassador	NOUN	 ambassador
" Michael Sheyahshe, author of Native Americans in Comic Books, listed " the continued objectification of the Indigenous female character, Tala, in Darkwatch " among " cultural ‘ ouchies ’ in video games ". She was also discussed in the book Sex in Video Games	Games	PROPN	by	ADP	 by
The idea for the episode was pitched while the series ' staff were coming up with story ideas for the twelfth season. The staff had noticed that viewers responded well to " Simpsons Bible Stories ", and decided to write another trilogy episode because of the warm response	response	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
Kuznetsova and Agnieszka Radwańska have played each other fifteen times since 2007, with Kuznetsova leading the head to head 11 – 4. Their first meeting was at Wimbledon in 2007 with Kuznetsova winning in straight sets. Kuznetsova won their first three meetings, but in the four	four	NUM	meetings	NOUN	 meetings
It also gives unparalleled authority and legitimacy based on the consensus of its members ". Dutton concluded that " given the strength of this unparalleled military coalition, and the political and financial commitment to building the long term stability of Afghanistan and the region, failure should not	not	PART	be	AUX	 be
Norton drew parallels between redemption in the film and redemption in The Graduate, indicating that the protagonists of both films find a middle ground between two divisions of self. Fincher considered the novel too infatuated with Tyler Durden and changed the ending to move away from him:	:	PUNCT	"	PUNCT	 "
In the non breeding season, they gather into large flocks, which appear to be many self contained individual groups rather than a single social unit. Within the flock, families tend to remain separate and to coordinate their activities with one another rather than with the flock	flock	NOUN	as	ADP	 as
For its first 2 miles (3.2 km), the highway runs through a wooded area along the northern edge of the Rockefeller State Park Preserve, crossing under several of the park's hiking and walking trails. Phelps Way ends at the northeastern tip of the park	park	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
Two light novels written by Hiroko Tokita and illustrated by Kobayashi were published in April 2004 and December 2007; four official guidebooks illustrated by Kobayashi and written by his editors have also been released. Del Rey Manga publishes the English translation of School Rumble. In the translation	translation	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
Responsibility for the development of the base passed from Krueger's Alamo Force to Kinkaid's Allied Naval Forces on 18 May 1944. It was proposed control would ultimately pass to SOPAC but it never did. Momote airfield was found to have been constructed on a coral subbase	subbase	NOUN	with	ADP	 with
The Jesuits introduced cattle breeding. In each settlement, one of the Jesuits was responsible for church matters, while another dealt with commercial affairs and the general well being of the community. As the Swiss priest, musician and architect Fr. Martin Schmid wrote in a	a	DET	1744	NUM	 1744
This episode reintroduces and resolves Veronica's rape, introduced earlier in the season. However, it had been largely ignored until this point in the series. The episode was the third and final episode of the series directed by Marcos Siega, after " Drinking the Kool	Kool	PROPN	Aid	NOUN	 Aid
He ushered through Congress a bill extending the Freedmen's Bureau beyond its scheduled abolition in 1867, and the first Civil Rights Bill, to grant citizenship to the freedmen. Trumbull met several times with Johnson, and was convinced the President would sign the measures (Johnson	Johnson	PROPN	rarely	ADV	 rarely
Popular young adult novel " Eleanor & Park " by Rainbow Rowell (St. Martin's Press, 2013) takes place in Omaha. The 1935 winner of the Triple Crown of Thoroughbred Racing was named Omaha, and after traveling the world the horse eventually retired to a	a	DET	farm	NOUN	 farm
In addition several albums by the Rat Pack, multiple karaoke albums and dozens of Frank Sinatra albums have versions of the song. The lyric, " Each time I roam / Chicago is calling me home " is echoed in a 1985 song, written and perform by	by	ADP	Paul	PROPN	 Paul
A former footballer and sports broadcaster, Icke has made his name since the 1990s as a professional conspiracy theorist, calling himself a " full time investigator into who and what is really controlling the world. " He is the author of over 20 books and numerous DVDs	DVDs	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
Little Castle Lake is within the Castle Crags Wilderness Area. Heart Lake, another small tarn, located above the headwall of Castle Lake, may also be reached via an informal cut off from the Little Castle Lake trail. At this point, the well known Pacific	Pacific	PROPN	Crest	PROPN	 Crest
In early screen tests, Pixar impressed Disney with the technical innovation but convincing Disney of the plot was more difficult. At each presentation by Pixar, Katzenberg would tear much of it up, giving out detailed comments and notes. Katzenberg's big push was to add	add	VERB	more	ADJ	 more
It nonetheless has high conservation importance in at least one context: it is a keystone mutualist in the Avon Wheatbelt, where it is the only source of nectar during a critical period of the year when no other nectar producing plant is in flower. The loss of	of	ADP	B.	PROPN	 B.
Since 1923, Macaulay had run a cricket outfitters in Leeds and Wakefield with his Yorkshire team mate Herbert Sutcliffe, borrowing £250 from his mother to help establish the business. During the winter of 1924 – 25, the shop became a limited company and Macaulay one	one	NUM	of	ADP	 of
Allmusic wrote the album was an " excellent debut " that " hints at a lot of potential " and observed the " most remarkable aspect of the Game is how he can be such a blatant product of gangsta rap... and leave a mark so fast. "	"	PUNCT	Rolling	PROPN	 Rolling
In case any of this should be resisted, Parliament passed the Treasons Act 1534, which made it high treason punishable by death to deny Royal Supremacy. The following year, Thomas More and John Fisher were executed under this legislation. Finally, in 1536, Parliament	Parliament	PROPN	passed	VERB	 passed
Miller often required a contest to retain interest in the game. He deplored Bradman's ruthless attitude towards annihilating the opposition and sometimes refused to try when Australia was in an unassailable position. At Southend in 1948, as the Australians scored a world record 721 runs in	in	ADP	a	DET	 a
In doing so, they secured a water source and a quantity of supplies, although a large amount of equipment was lost to a fire that had been set by the withdrawing garrison. The 12th then took up an observation position at El Dhenebbe to support the British	British	ADJ	flank	NOUN	 flank
He called a new meeting of the Junta, and produced a paper left at his home which said, " If Liniers does not die, LET HIM LIVE! " (note: the second part was written in capital letters in the original). The Junta	Junta	PROPN	agreed	VERB	 agreed
The company began a public relations campaign to discredit the Guatemalan government; it hired public relations expert Edward Bernays, who ran a concerted campaign of misinformation to portray the company as the victim of the Guatemalan government for several years. The company stepped up its efforts after	after	SCONJ	Dwight	PROPN	 Dwight
Representatives of White Finland in Berlin duly requested help on 14 February; on 13 February the German Imperial Military Council had made the decision to send troops to Finland. The Germans attacked Russia on 18 February; the offensive led to a rapid collapse and retreat of the	the	DET	Russian	ADJ	 Russian
Pearson called the album an attempt to secure a safer territory and assure sales, after the success of past works, calling it more boring than its predecessors. Other reviewers noted influences from cult British band XTC. In July 2009 " Tomorrow " was voted number 33	33	NUM	by	ADP	 by
In 1978 the hijacked 727 100 aircraft was sold by Northwest to Piedmont Airlines where it was reregistered N838N and continued in domestic carrier service. In 1984 it was purchased by the now defunct charter company Key Airlines, reregistered N29KA, and incorporated into the Air Force's	's	PART	civilian	ADJ	 civilian
The circle also influenced goings on in other learned societies, such as the Society of Antiquaries of London. After Macclesfield's retirement, the circle had Lord Morton elected in 1764 and Sir John Pringle elected in 1772. By this point, the previous Whig " majority	majority	NOUN	"	PUNCT	 "
Arranged in a spiral pattern, the flowers open from the bottom of the flowerhead inwards. Flowering is followed by the development of the round fruiting cones, which have a diameter of 1 – 1.6 cm (3 ⁄ 8 – 5 ⁄ 8 in). The	The	DET	seed	NOUN	 seed
The station was opened as part of the first segment of the Syretsko Pecherska Line on 31 December 1989. It serves as a transfer station to the Teatralna station of the Sviatoshynsko Brovarska Line. It is located near the city's Golden Gate, from which the station	station	NOUN	takes	VERB	 takes
Often credited as rock's first triple album, it was the first triple set of previously unissued music by a single act, the multi artist Woodstock live album having preceded it by six months. Adding to the commercial appeal of Harrison's songs, Clayson writes,	,	PUNCT	All	DET	 All
(The latter wrote her 9 / 11 motivated song " I Was Here " for 4.) In May 2011, Billboard magazine listed Beyoncé at number 17 on their list of the " Top 20 Hot 100 Songwriters ", for having co written eight singles that	that	PRON	hit	VERB	 hit
" This continues by Spears singing the first verse, after which Minaj says " It's Britney, bitch. I'm Nicki Minaj and that's Kesha! ", and the first chorus is sung by the latter. Spears continues with the song and is accompanied	accompanied	VERB	by	ADP	 by
An adult's diet is largely fish, caught by sweeping the snout sideways and snapping at the prey, but also includes shrimps, crabs, frogs, snakes, birds and medium sized mammals. A crocodile catches its prey by stealth with a flick of its head	head	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
He got a sudden case of religious sensitivity when it was his religion featured on the show. To bring the civil rights struggle into this is just a non sequitur. Of course we will release Isaac from his contract and we wish him well. " According to	to	ADP	a	DET	 a
The auction gave fans " an opportunity to own a piece of their favorite show ". Several Eve related items were offered for sale, including a medical coat splattered with blood from her botched surgery on Julian and a framed copy of her medical degree. Eve's	's	PART	character	NOUN	 character
Though the format reduced the page count, it maintained the same amount of story by reducing the size of the panels reproduced. As The Shooting Star progressed, Hergé cut up and laid out clippings of the strip in an exercise book in preparation for the new layouts	layouts	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
Nevertheless, the Navy developed several naval aircraft before and during the war, including a pair of seaplane fighters, the W.12 and the W.29, both built by Hansa Brandenburg. Twin engined torpedo floatplanes were also designed. Regardless of the preference toward airships, several small	small	ADJ	merchant	NOUN	 merchant
Today, it lies within the old village graveyard. Not far from the church on the way linking it to the village is Mosta (Моста, “ The Bridge ”), a natural bridge rock formation. The church is a small and simple rectangular single nave	nave	NOUN	building	NOUN	 building
In an interview, Bray said, " She [Madonna] was very much in love. It was obvious if she's in love she'll write love songs. If she's not in love she definitely won't be writing love songs. " In 2015	2015	NUM	,	PUNCT	,
In August, Zersenay was among some forty runners competing for the medals in the 10,000 metres Olympic final. Zersenay's brother, Kidane, was also competing and he led for most of first half of what was a quick race. Zersenay Tadese had the lead at	at	ADP	the	DET	 the
When mounted in distilled water, they have a coarsely warty surface and appear rusty brown in colour. When mounted in a 3% KOH solution, the spores are pale lilac grey, and the surface ornamentation forms swollen pustules that loosen and dissolve. Spores are dextrinoid	dextrinoid	ADJ	(	PUNCT	 (
While on tour to support The System Has Failed, Megadeth frontman, guitarist, and vocalist Dave Mustaine contemplated breaking up Megadeth to record as a solo artist. At a sold out concert in Buenos Aires, Mustaine stated the band would stay together. The show in	in	ADP	Buenos	PROPN	 Buenos
As First Lady of Texas, Bush implemented many initiatives focused on health, education, and literacy. In 1999, she aided her husband in campaigning for the presidency in a number of ways, most notably delivering a keynote address at the 2000 Republican National Convention,	,	PUNCT	which	PRON	 which
" On December 3, 2011, Occupy Portland established camp in the South Park Blocks. Other events have included Artquake, an art festival that attracted 200,000 people on Labor Day weekends in the Park Blocks from 1982 until at least 2003 and based on an art show	show	NOUN	that	PRON	 that
Although music critics and Harrison biographers have generally viewed the album track in an unfavourable light, several concert reviewers identified it as an effective opener for the shows. " Hari's on Tour " is one of only two songs from the 1974 tour to have been released	released	VERB	officially	ADV	 officially
To bring the signal to the oscilloscope, he devised an oversized coaxial transmission line, whose inner conductor was made smaller as it went from chamber to oscilloscope. Because this configuration enhanced the signal reaching the oscilloscope, there was no need for amplification. To confirm this	this	DET	surprising	ADJ	 surprising
Rainie then began blackmailing Ian for more money in return for keeping his actions secret from the police and his fiance Denise Fox (Diane Parish). Her appearances became more regular from July 2014 onwards, with her stepping up her blackmail and revealing Ian's actions to	to	ADP	Denise	PROPN	 Denise
Arsenal had started the 1933 – 34 season solidly, but in January 1934 Herbert Chapman died suddenly from pneumonia. Despite this, under caretaker manager Joe Shaw Arsenal retained the title that season; Hulme and James were both out with injury for a large portion, and	and	CCONJ	so	ADV	 so
All rings of Uranus show azimuthal brightness variations. The rings are made of an extremely dark material. The geometric albedo of the ring particles does not exceed 5 – 6%, while the Bond albedo is even lower — about 2%. The rings particles demonstrate	demonstrate	VERB	a	DET	 a
A wide barren swath was torn through the forest. A great explosion blasted out a new crater three days later on May 22, 1915. A volcanic cloud rose 40,000 ft (12,000 m), but a portion of the explosive force was deflected downward. The	The	DET	resulting	VERB	 resulting
The Christian churches were also oppressed, with many leaders imprisoned. Education focused on racial biology, population policy, and fitness for military service. Career and educational opportunities for women were curtailed. Recreation and tourism were organised via the Strength Through Joy program, and the	the	DET	1936	NUM	 1936
He also named The Raid films as inspiration for the sequence. There were only a few days to plan and set up the fight, as opposed to a film which would allow " at least a couple of weeks ", and it took 7 or 8 takes	takes	VERB	to	PART	 to
A portion of the Canadian Shield is shown covered with red maple leaves and gold maple seeds. Standing upon this on either side are two red and white raven bears with golden beaks and claws. Motto HONORENTUR PATRIAM HONORANTES. Let us honour those who honour our country	country	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
Similar to the submarine, the stealth bomber uses more fuel when stealth is activated; however, it can only be attacked by certain units. The other new air unit is the Black Bomb, which can self destruct, damaging units around it. Other new features	features	NOUN	include	VERB	 include
At about the same time, Mary's father learned of Shelley's inability to pay off the father's debts. Mary, who later wrote of " my excessive and romantic attachment to my father ", was confused. She saw Percy Shelley as an embodiment of	of	ADP	her	PRON	 her
Spices were treasured and very expensive at that time – they included pepper, cinnamon, cloves, nutmeg, and mace. Some spices used then, but no longer today in French cuisine are cubebs, long pepper (both from vines similar to black pepper),	,	PUNCT	grains	NOUN	 grains
Tonbridge School was founded in 1553 by Sir Andrew Judd, who made a fortune in the Muscovy fur trade during the 16th century. His endowment was left in the hands of the Skinners Company, who agreed to fund the establishment of a commercial school in Tonbridge in	in	ADP	1875	NUM	 1875
Construction started in August 1999 when the site was cleared. The removal and relocation of the Giant Wheel began in October on closing day; the first of 226 supports were installed on October 11, starting at the brake run. Two hundred twenty six footers, each	each	DET	about	ADV	 about
Upon retiring from the military, Garrett became principal of the Australian Administrative Staff College, a private institution delivering courses to senior business and government personnel at Mount Eliza, Victoria. During his four year tenure, he lobbied for the reintroduction of conscription, and when the	the	DET	Federal	ADJ	 Federal
Creutz in turn recruited a number of young physicists who had worked with him at Princeton and on the Manhattan Project in Chicago and Los Alamos, including Martyn Foss, Jack Fox, Roger Sutton and Sergio DeBenedetti. Together, with funding from the Office of Naval Research	Research	PROPN	they	PRON	 they
The Galaxy S5's failure to oust the iPhone 5S from the top selling spot was major setback for Samsung Mobile, as the preceding Samsung Galaxy SIII and Samsung Galaxy S4, in the first quarter of their releases, had outsold the iPhone 4S and iPhone 5,	,	PUNCT	respectively	ADV	 respectively
No one was killed, but Jones suffered a severe back strain and a bruised kidney. The National Transportation Safety Board later determined that the pilot and co pilot had not properly attached an engine cowling that knocked off the tail rotor blade. Both pilots maintained that they	they	PRON	did	VERB	 did
These visual keys help the audience know who to root for in the film and what behaviours and morals you wish to follow if you want to achieve greatness like the heroes. McKinstry argues that Disney " prefers to portray one demographic of princess, simultaneously alienating so much	much	ADJ	of	ADP	 of
' Green Amman 2020 ' was initiated in 2014, aiming to turn the city to a green metropolis by 2020. According to official statistics, only 2.5% of Amman is green space. In 2015, (GAM) and Zain Jordan started operating free of charge	charge	NOUN	Wi	PROPN	 Wi
Slightly more elevated sections of the plains of the northern sections of Jackson Hole form forest islands with one such obvious example being Timbered Island. In this ecotone, forested islands surrounded by sagebrush expanses provide shelter for various animal species during the day and nearby grasses for night	night	NOUN	time	NOUN	 time
was released in January 1988 and was well received by fans and critics. The album featured a cover version of the Sex Pistols ' " Anarchy in the U.K. "; Mustaine changed the song's lyrics, later saying that he had simply heard them incorrectly. To	To	PART	support	VERB	 support
He determined that a form of invisible light or rays emitted by uranium had exposed the plate. A team led by Enrico Fermi in 1934 observed that bombarding uranium with neutrons produces the emission of beta rays (electrons or positrons from the elements produced; see beta particle	particle	NOUN	)	PUNCT	)
To capture the essence of performances given by great masters, every detail in movements and positions was reproduced by others, generally resulting in an increasingly slow, ceremonial tempo over time. The fall of the Tokugawa shogunate in 1868 and the formation of a new modernized government	government	NOUN	resulted	VERB	 resulted
Two of the American pilots, James McGovern, Jr. and Wallace Buford, were killed in action during the siege of Điện Biên Phủ. On 25 February 2005, the seven still living American pilots were awarded the French Legion of Honor by Jean David Levitte, the	the	DET	French	ADJ	 French
Re enactors demonstrate pottery, yarn spinning, and other medieval craft. These enthusiasts come from foreign countries, such as Belarus and Hungary. The German Mittelalter rock band Schelmish has performed several times at the festival. Short bouts of simulated duels are performed in the camp	camp	NOUN	and	CCONJ	 and
More dubiously, the Daddies have also retained a particular pop cultural legacy for their provocative and often contentious band name which has persisted beyond the initial controversies that pegged the band's early years. The Daddies frequently appear on lists of the worst band names of all time	time	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
The throngs that wished to view Banvard's panorama were so great when it was displayed in Boston and New York that railroads ran special excursions to accommodate them. In these two cities alone more than four hundred thousand people saw the exhibition. " The river comes to	to	ADP	me	PRON	 me
Filmed at YouTube's Space LA production studio, it premiered on the site on August 19, 2014. Prior to the show's premiere, accounts on social media for various characters in the show were created, allowing viewers to interact with Frankenstein's protagonists. Joe	Joe	PROPN	Hanson	PROPN	 Hanson
John Frankenheimer, critically acclaimed as the number one director of live TV dramas during the 1950s, was shown the exit door by Aubrey in 1960. Frankenheimer was forced to find a new career as a movie director (for which he is now arguably best known)	)	PUNCT	,	PUNCT	,
Soon after his birth, in accordance with the traditions of the Quraysh, Khalid was sent to a Bedouin tribe in the desert, where a foster mother nursed him and brought him up in the clear, dry and unpolluted air of the desert. At the age	age	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
According to his grandson Simon Tolkien, Tolkien in the last years of his life was disappointed by some of the liturgical reforms and changes implemented after the Second Vatican Council: I vividly remember going to church with him in Bournemouth. He was a devout Roman Catholic and	and	CCONJ	it	PRON	 it
At Bragging Rights in October, Kelly, Gail Kim and Melina comprised Team Raw, but lost to Team SmackDown, consisting of Beth Phoenix, Natalya and Michelle McCool. The following month at Survivor Series, Kelly participated in a five on five elimination match; she	she	PRON	eliminated	VERB	 eliminated
An unusual feature of Montreal's defence was a string of 30 outlying forts to protect against the constant Iroquois threat to the expansion of French settlements. The majority of these were simple stockades, but as artillery was not as developed as on the battlefields of Europe,	,	PUNCT	some	PRON	 some
The plot, graphics, and audio have received mixed reviews. The plot and characters have been called cliché by Game Informer, GameSpot, and GamesRadar. Game Informer called the childhood prologue monotonous but commented on the improving story after the time skip. GameSpot agreed,	,	PUNCT	calling	VERB	 calling
Using materials they were allowed to take from the yard, dockyard construction workers built the first houses in Sheerness. The grey blue naval paint they used on the exteriors led to their homes becoming known as the Blue Houses. This was eventually corrupted to Blue Town,	,	PUNCT	the	DET	 the
Arnold, James R. Marengo & Hohenlinden. Barnsley, South Yorkshire, UK: Pen & Sword, 2005. ISBN 978 0967098500 Barnes, Gregory Fremont. Napoleon Bonaparte. Osprey Publishing, 2012. ISBN 978 0340569115 Blanning, Timothy. The French Revolutionary Wars, New	New	PROPN	York	PROPN	 York
In 1982, the exhibition rooms were extended with an annex designed by the Royal Surveyor, architect Jacob Blegvad, who also planned the later extension to the museum inaugurated in 1989. In 1997, the museum administration moved into the Technical School. Today Skagens Museum has	has	VERB	more	ADJ	 more
" Brian May announced in a September 2010 BBC interview that Sacha Baron Cohen, previously known for his comedic characters Borat, Ali G and Brüno, had been chosen to play Mercury in a film about his life. TIME commented with approval on his singing ability and	and	CCONJ	resemblance	NOUN	 resemblance
Divākara: None of the above. Every one has his own definition of ' truth ' and that it is conditional. Vikramāditya: How about traditions? They have been established by our ancestors and have passed the test of time? Divākara: Would the system established	established	VERB	by	ADP	 by
Tan, Eugene; Chan, Gary (25 September 2007), " The Legislature ", The Singapore Legal System, Singaporelaw.sg, Singapore Academy of Law, archived from the original on 24 July 2011, retrieved 30 September 2011. Tan, Yee Lin (31	31	NUM	October	PROPN	 October
Ctenophores have no brain or central nervous system, but instead have a nerve net (rather like a cobweb) that forms a ring round the mouth and is densest near structures such as the comb rows, pharynx, tentacles (if present) and the sensory complex	complex	ADJ	furthest	NOUN	 furthest
After he suffered from angina pectoris for several years, his death was attributed to aortitis. Two days prior to his death he correctly predicted the findings of his own autopsy: " I think the necropsy will show plaques in my aorta. " Murphy attended public school	school	NOUN	in	ADP	 in
It is a major participant in European Union Information Science and Technology (IST) projects. It has major collaborations in India, China, Korea, Japan and USA as well as several links in the communications industry and UK Catapults. It holds a 100% graduate	graduate	NOUN	employment	NOUN	 employment
Compulsory military service concerns all male Swiss citizens; women can serve voluntarily. Men usually receive military conscription orders for training at the age of 18. About two thirds of the young Swiss are found suited for service; for those found unsuited, various forms of alternative	alternative	ADJ	service	NOUN	 service
In a career spanning nearly 50 years, she has played a variety of roles on television and in cinema in several genres, including westerns and comedies. She began acting at age 17 in 1965 but did not achieve much critical acclaim until the latter half of the	the	DET	1980s	NUM	 1980s
If you follow the show, like me, you probably got a slightly déjà vu feeling to the plot, as it rode the previously saddle worn concept of a scientist who has lost the perspective to realise that he's killing people for science. " SFScope contributor	contributor	NOUN	Sarah	PROPN	 Sarah
" The game's " Power Shots " was also met with an ambivalent reaction — the shot themselves were praised for adding strategy and character, although GameSpot's Ryan Davis commented that " it would have been nice if you could just skip past the animations and keep	keep	VERB	the	DET	 the
" Jillian Mapes from Billboard wrote, " torture contraptions, mermaid sex, a wedding, bondage in a barn, an ice cream truck, and to top it all off, ' Children of the Corn ' and religious overtones thrown in for good measure, "	"	PUNCT	and	CCONJ	 and
(born February 21, 1979) is a Puerto Rican professional wrestler better known internationally by his ring name Carlito. He belongs to a wrestling family, being the son of Carlos Colón Sr., who introduced him to wrestling. His mother was born in Canada	Canada	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
The game took place during the 2010 – 11 NHL season at the RBC Center in Raleigh, North Carolina, home of the Carolina Hurricanes. Originally, the Game was supposed to be hosted by the Phoenix Coyotes, but due to ownership issues, the NHL decided	decided	VERB	to	PART	 to
Geopyxis carbonaria is widespread on burned soil or charcoal in the spring and throughout the growing season. It is one of the most common pioneer species found on burned ground. The charred litter on the forest floor increases the underlying soil pH as well as the availability of	of	ADP	minerals	NOUN	 minerals
At Lohan's initiative, her character was rewritten and changed from a Goth style to be more mainstream. Critic Roger Ebert wrote that Lohan " has that Jodie Foster sort of seriousness and intent focus beneath her teenage persona. " Freaky Friday earned Lohan the award for	for	ADP	Breakthrough	PROPN	 Breakthrough
This assurance momentarily allayed the fears of the South Indians. But the Hindi proponents were dismayed and Pant remarked " Whatever I achieved in two years, the prime minister destroyed in less than two minutes ". The Dravida Munnetra Kazhagam (DMK) which split from the	the	DET	Dravidar	PROPN	 Dravidar
The volcanic hills of the region have played a key role as observation points and natural firing positions in the conflicts over the region, most notably in the Yom Kippur War. In more peaceful times, the fertile volcanic soil has supported agricultural activities such as wheat growing	growing	VERB	and	CCONJ	 and
" - Admiral Murray. Immediately after graduating in January 1913, he served as a Midshipman on the Royal Navy vessel HMS Berwick on duty protecting British interests in the Mexican Revolution, and then aboard HMS Essex. At the outbreak of World War I he was assigned	assigned	VERB	to	ADP	 to
The last alteration to the current flag occurred in 2004 when the aspect ratio changed from 1: 2 to 3: 5. The earliest known flags with a Lithuanian identity were recorded in the 15th century Banderia Prutenorum, written by Jan Długosz. At the Battle of	of	ADP	Grunwald	PROPN	 Grunwald
It aired again on BBC Two in December 2008 and in February 2010 in Ireland on 3e. A DVD box set including the documentary and other Theroux programmes was released in January 2009; The Independent placed the DVD release as number eight among its list of " The	The	DET	50	NUM	 50
In summer, a large proportion of the rainfall is caused by sun heating the ground leading to convection and to showers and thunderstorms. Average rainfall is around 700 mm (28 in). About 8 – 15 days of snowfall is typical. November to March have	have	VERB	the	DET	 the
Oxygenated blood from the lungs and de oxygenated blood from the respiring tissues enter the heart through separate atria. When these chambers contract, the two blood streams pass into a common ventricle before being pumped via a spiral valve to the appropriate vessel, the aorta for oxygenated	oxygenated	VERB	blood	NOUN	 blood
Conversely, his 1980s musical repertoire presented an increased development of dance trends, such as disco and soul, as well as the previous incorporation of rock and punk. However, Gil says that his 1994 album Acoustic was not such a new direction, as he had	had	AUX	previously	ADV	 previously
It is also unknown whether Henry intended Geoffrey to have any future claim on England or Normandy, and he was probably keeping Geoffrey's status deliberately uncertain. Soon after the marriage, Matilda left Geoffrey and returned to Normandy. Henry appears to have blamed Geoffrey for the	the	DET	separation	NOUN	 separation
During the 1921 legislative session, Zimmerman was assigned to the Judiciary, Roads, and Game and Fish committees. Also during the 1921 legislative session, he sponsored the following bills: H.B. 274 (Ch. 158), which gave county courts the authority to impose	impose	VERB	a	DET	 a
Mullan observed that " [f] or the reader, apprehension predominates over surprise " as a result of this narrative style. The Kirkus Reviews described Middlesex as a " virtuosic combination of elegy, sociohistorical study, and picaresque adventure ", and Adam Begley in The	The	DET	New	PROPN	 New
Diagnosis with a flexible bronchoscope, which allows the injury to be visualized directly, is the fastest and most reliable technique. In people with TBI, bronchoscopy may reveal that the airway is torn, or that the airways are blocked by blood, or that a bronchus	bronchus	NOUN	has	AUX	 has
" Coldplay has cited various influences in the album. The German electronic music pioneer Kraftwerk is evident on the song " Talk ", which borrows its synthetic hook from 1981's " Computer Love ". Also present is 1970s electronic music from the likes of English musician	musician	NOUN	David	PROPN	 David
In the Late to Terminal Classic the population increased to 85% of its Late Preclassic level, an expansion that appears to have occurred rapidly and spread to all parts of the site, perhaps as the result of an influx of refugees arriving from other sites around AD	AD	NOUN	830	NUM	 830
The peak of his season came at the 2004 Athens Olympics, where he became the first person in Eritrean sporting history to win an Olympic medal. Zersenay took the bronze in the 10,000 metres at the 2004 Summer Olympics in Athens, Greece behind Kenenisa Bekele, and	and	CCONJ	Sileshi	PROPN	 Sileshi
During the reign of Charles II (1660 – 1685), playwrights such as John Dryden, George Etherege, Aphra Behn, and William Wycherley wrote comedies that triumphantly reassert aristocratic dominance and prestige after the years of middle class power during Oliver Cromwell's Commonwealth. Reflecting	Reflecting	VERB	the	DET	 the
Mario Bros. was only modestly successful in Japanese arcades. The arcade cabinets have since become mildly rare. To date in Japan, the NES version of Mario Bros. has sold more than 1.63 million copies, and the Famicom Mini re release of the NES version has sold	sold	VERB	more	ADJ	 more
The house passed through various hands during the 19th century. Judge Seth Chapman purchased the house from Joseph Priestley Jr. on May 13, 1815 for US $6,250 ($80,800 in 2016). Chapman died on December 4, 1835, and Rev. James Kay,	,	PUNCT	pastor	NOUN	 pastor
He is perhaps best known for bringing what is now the School of Materials Science & Engineering to Georgia Tech. Hall's administration also introduced degrees in electrical engineering and civil engineering in December 1896, textile engineering in February 1899, and engineering chemistry in January 1901.	.	PUNCT	Hall	PROPN	 Hall
After some hesitation, Tchaikovsky agreed. As a condition for Tchaikovsky's engagement, the Russian Musical Society required a list of works that he planned to conduct. Among the items on the list Tchaikovsky supplied were Rimsky Korsakov's Third Symphony and Glazunov's orchestral fantasy The	The	DET	Forest	PROPN	 Forest
While Peterson was accepting of the sexual relationship between Ruby and Sam, she felt the " seduction came out of nowhere " in " I Know What You Did Last Summer ". Contributing to this problem was Cortese's inability to " pull it off ", making	making	VERB	the	DET	 the
Then in April 2005, Ukraine entered into the Intensified Dialogue programme with NATO. In March 2008, under Ukrainian President Viktor Yushchenko and Prime Minister Yulia Tymoshenko, Ukraine sent an official letter of application a Membership Action Plan (MAP), the first step in joining	joining	VERB	NATO	PROPN	 NATO
Much of the work was accomplished despite hindrance from the War Department ’ s G 2 office, which felt that such analysis was not " proper military intelligence. " Development of sources of information for such analyses also was primitive, and he used his assignment to OPB	OPB	PROPN	to	PART	 to
Initially, there were concerns about the purity of plutonium, an element about which little was known, but Thomas was able to report to Groves and Conant in June 1944 that techniques had been developed that would yield highly pure plutonium, and that the problem was solved	solved	VERB	.	PUNCT	.
He added that he " just think the brevity required by the inclusion of three separate tales better suits the world of horror spoofs than it does these Bible pieces, " as they " try to pack an awful lot into very little time. " He concluded by	by	ADP	writing	VERB	 writing
Yearly, USCF organizes bughouse tournaments as part of the National Junior High (K 9) Championship and the National High School (K 12) Championship. Other tournaments are organized privately: One of the largest international bughouse tournaments is the yearly tournament in Berlin. Going	Going	VERB	into	ADP	 into
The complexity of the music and concept of Invisible Circles produced mixed reviews, ranging from highest praise to complete failure, even in the same publication. The bold move of making a concept album about such a controversial matter was generally appreciated but, as Eduardo Rivadavia said	said	VERB	in	ADP	 in
There they terminated at a common point with US 10 (Woodward Avenue) and US 112 (Michigan Avenue). US 25 ran through the square on Fort Street and Gratiot Avenue. The history of Grand River Avenue, and US 16 in Michigan, dates back	back	ADV	to	ADP	 to
This gave him influence outside those circles normally associated with an architect of his age. From 1928 to 1930, Raymond designed and remodelled the American, Soviet and French embassies. He also undertook work for the Rising Sun Petroleum Company, designing 17 earthquake proof and fireproof	fireproof	ADJ	employee	NOUN	 employee
Kesha's vocal range in the song spans from the lower note of E3 to the higher note of D5. The lyrics begin with Kesha singing " Stephen, Stephen, why won't you call me?. " The song's lyrics depict the tale of the	the	DET	singer	NOUN	 singer
Four days later, Cancellara lined up to race the road race. The race came down to a sprint finish that was won by Mark Cavendish; Cancellara barely missed a medal after finishing in fourth place. In the first races of the 2012 season, Cancellara showed	showed	VERB	a	DET	 a
He has ideas about what the creation of spoken word poetry and ambient music entails but it's quite clear he hasn ’ t taken a ton of time to study those forms. " David Morris of Tiny Mix Tapes said that although the album is " conceptually daring	daring	VERB	"	PUNCT	 "
David Morrison attributed the rise of the solar storm idea to physicist and science popularizer Michio Kaku, who claimed in an interview with Fox News that a solar peak in 2012 could be disastrous for orbiting satellites, and to NASA's headlining a 2006 webpage as " Solar	Solar	PROPN	Storm	PROPN	 Storm
In 1898, he was knighted (as Sir John Struthers) by Queen Victoria for his service to medicine. Struthers was one of the first advocates of the theory of evolution, speaking publicly and corresponding with Charles Darwin about observations he made during his comparative anatomy studies	studies	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
Former storyboard artist and current supervising director for the series Adam Muto explained that Marceline and the Ice King's history was not part of the series ' initial plan, but something that " evolved from [the show's] original course and it will likely continue to	to	PART	evolve	VERB	 evolve
With only the ROK 11th Regiment remaining intact by the morning of January 1, the ROK 1st Infantry Division was forced to withdraw on January 2. The Chinese attacks against the ROK 6th Infantry Division, however, did not go as commanders had planned. The original	original	ADJ	plan	NOUN	 plan
York went without scoring for a fourth consecutive home match after drawing 0 – 0 with Southend. Having worn the armband since an injury to McGurk, Penn was appointed captain for the rest of the season, a position that had earlier been held by Smith and Parslow	Parslow	PROPN	.	PUNCT	.
Saint Saëns rarely, if ever, takes any risks; he never, to use the slang of the moment, " goes off the deep end ". All his greatest contemporaries did. Brahms, Tchaikovsky, and even Franck, were ready to sacrifice everything for	for	ADP	the	DET	 the
Coal storage amounted to 500 t (490 long tons; 550 short tons). Psara's main battery consisted of three 10.8 in (270 mm) guns. Two guns were mounted forward in barbettes on either side of the forward superstructure; these were L /	/	SYM	34	NUM	 34
As the grandson of Lionel of Antwerp, 1st Duke of Clarence, Edmund Mortimer, Earl of March, was the heir presumptive to Richard II and Henry used multiple rationales stressing his Plantagenet descent, divine grace, powerful friends, and the Richard's misgovernment. In	In	ADP	fact	NOUN	 fact
" Ted Grant of Playlouder gave the album two stars out of five and called it the " blandest and most creatively uninspired record of their career ", finding that the album was leading to tame " dad rock ". Pitchfork writer Rob Mitchum also used the "	"	PUNCT	dad	NOUN	 dad
The matter was investigated by the House Government Reform and Oversight Committee, the Senate Judiciary Committee, and the Whitewater Independent Counsel. In 1998, Independent Counsel Kenneth Starr exonerated President Bill Clinton and First Lady Hillary Rodham Clinton of any involvement in the matter. In 2000	2000	NUM	Independent	PROPN	 Independent
The U17 team went undefeated in 8 games as Jones led the team with 43 assists. On May 5, 2014, USA Basketball announced the 21 athletes (including Jones) invited to tryout from June 10 to June 19 for the 12 member USA national team for	for	ADP	the	DET	 the
After sealing the Old City to prevent the entry of enemy reinforcements, al Kharrat issued an order to kill anyone linked to the French army. About 180 French soldiers were killed. Sarrail ordered the shelling and aerial bombardment of the city. About 1,500 people were killed	killed	VERB	in	ADP	 in
Green is also the traditional color of safety and permission; a green light means go ahead, a green card permits permanent residence in the United States. It is the most important color in Islam. It was the color of the banner of Muhammad, and is	is	AUX	found	VERB	 found
Captain Criss, who was first to eject, landed 6 miles (9.7 km) from the base — he remained lost on an ice floe for 21 hours and suffered hypothermia in the − 23° F (− 31° C) temperatures, but he survived	survived	VERB	by	ADP	 by
The parkway passes through a gate, heading up the base of Prospect Mountain. The route is very scenic, with trees on both sides of the road. Route 917A parallels Birch Ave., a street in Lake George. Soon after, the parkway passes over	over	ADP	Interstate	PROPN	 Interstate
Starrett, who went on to star in around sixty other western flicks, found The Medico of Painted Springs to be his favorite film. The film has many noticeable differences from Rubel's original work. Upon arriving at Painted Springs, Dr. Steven Monroe witnesses a clash	clash	NOUN	between	ADP	 between
It lies on one of the most active seismic faults in Bangladesh, the Sitakunda – Teknaf fault. Sitakunda is renowned for its numerous Islamic, Hindu and Buddhist shrines. It has 280 mosques, 8 mazars, 49 Hindu temples, 4 ashrams, and 3 Buddhist	Buddhist	ADJ	temples	NOUN	 temples
Entranced by her beauty, he offered to marry her and when she refused he shot her in retaliation, only realising afterwards that she was a mermaid. As she died she cursed the harbour with a " bar of doom ", from Hawker's Cove to Trebetherick	Trebetherick	PROPN	Bay	PROPN	 Bay
He served as Second Secretary of the Communist Party of the Soviet Union from 1965, and as unofficial Chief Ideologue of the Party until his death in 1982. Suslov was responsible for party democracy and the power separation within the Communist Party. His hardline attitude toward change	change	NOUN	made	VERB	 made
Lafayette brought her to the same balcony, accompanied by her young son and daughter. The crowd ominously shouted for the children to be taken away, and it seemed the stage might be set for a regicide. Yet, as the queen stood with her hands crossed	crossed	VERB	over	ADP	 over
In October 2012 he delivered a 10 hour lecture to 6,000 people at London's Wembley Arena. In 1997 Icke met his second wife, Pamela Leigh Richards, in Jamaica. He and Linda Atherton divorced in 2001, and he and Richards were married the same year	year	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
She had a ringside seat at one of the great editorial franchises in a business that exerts an enormous influence over women, but she seems to have understood almost nothing about the isolation and pressure of the job her boss was doing, or what it might cost a	a	DET	person	NOUN	 person
During that span, the Terps won two national titles and lost four. During the 1980s, Johns Hopkins dominated the series, winning 12 of 13 games, including nine by an average margin of 5.6 points. During this period Hopkins, led by head coach Henry	Henry	PROPN	Ciccarone	PROPN	 Ciccarone
Stafford's brother Hugh also sold his shares to Ballard, ending the Smythe family's 45 year involvement in the company. Combined with Ballard's 262,162 shares, this gave him majority ownership of about 70%. In 1966 Ballard set up a family holding company,	,	PUNCT	named	VERB	 named
" On 18 November, the chief of the secret service reported that every possible measure was being taken. The cryptographers at Bletchley Park did not know of the Prime Minister's response, but as Milner Barry later recalled, " All that we did notice was that	that	PRON	almost	ADV	 almost
This was 40 kilometres (25 mi) short of the objective Hoth had set for 6 July, the bridge over the Psel River at Oboyan. XLVIII Panzer Corps regrouped during the night of 6 / 7 July, and the 11th Panzer Division continued its advance towards	towards	ADP	Oboyan	PROPN	 Oboyan
Itagaki deemed Black to be the final version of Ninja Gaiden, but with the release of the PS3, Tecmo ported the game to this platform as Sigma. In addition to the narrative Story Mode, Black and Sigma introduced a gameplay variation called Mission Mode. Focused	Focused	VERB	on	ADP	 on
The fins do not have sharply lighter margins. The underside is cream colored, with some mottling on the fins and often a dark stripe running down the middle in adults. The maximum known length is 1.5 m (4.9 ft), though few exceed 1.0 m	m	NOUN	(	PUNCT	 (
The latter was the band's first Top 40 country hit, peaking at number 28 on the Billboard Hot Country Singles (now Hot Country Songs) charts. John Bush of Allmusic wrote that this album " leaned a little close to the pop schmaltz they later rebelled	rebelled	VERB	against	ADP	 against
Composer Friedrich Silcher was directly influenced by Pestalozzi and Nägeli. He began using large choirs to express political viewpoints at least as early as 1824 when he and a group of Tübingen University students performed La Marseillaise to commemorate the storming of the Bastille. In 1827 at Plochingen	Plochingen	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
After a long hiatus, Batwoman was reintroduced to DC continuity in 2006 in the seventh week of the publisher's year long 52 weekly comic book. Reintroduced as Kate Kane, the modern Batwoman began operating in Gotham City in Batman's absence following the events of the	the	DET	company	NOUN	 company
Tim Mankowski, who Santos had known for 15 years and played in the band Basic Enigma with him, was hired as the new guitarist. In November 2005, the band signed with Mediaskare records and planned a tentative release for their debut album for February 21,	,	PUNCT	2006	NUM	 2006
Bok explains that he found the ship as a derelict and offers it to Picard for free. Picard explains that at Maxia, the Stargazer was heavily damaged before Picard executed an action which would come to be known as the " Picard Maneuver ". Using the warp	warp	ADJ	drive	NOUN	 drive
Combat in Final Fantasy is menu based: the player selects an action from a list of options such as Attack, Magic, and Item. Battles are turn based and continue until either side flees or is defeated. If the player's party wins, each character	character	NOUN	will	AUX	 will
It is considered an important symbol of the freedom, independence, and sovereignty of Latvia. Unveiled in 1935, the 42 metre (138 ft) high monument of granite, travertine, and copper often serves as the focal point of public gatherings and official ceremonies in	in	ADP	Riga	PROPN	 Riga
Nunavut Tourism did not, as of 2002, produce detailed statistics about tourism numbers, trends and characteristics. However, by 2010, this appeared to have changed, with Nunavut Tourism providing media outlets with general figures on trends in tourism in Nunavut. Tourism brings approximately	approximately	ADV	CAD	PROPN	 CAD
Rajinikanth's performance as Kali received unanimous praise, and it is widely considered the best performance of his career. The film won the Filmfare Award for Best Film – Tamil and two Tamil Nadu State Film Awards: Best Film and a Special Prize for Rajinikanth, who	who	PRON	also	ADV	 also
A Stereogum writer called the Hudson Mohawke remix " nice ", but preferred Gatekeeper's " strangulation " of the song. That We Can Play was also promoted with several music videos. A video for " Planet Party " was released on Delicious Scopitone in August 2010	2010	NUM	,	PUNCT	,
Two other locations under the fuselage are available for sensor or radar pods. The F 16 carries a 20 mm (0.787 in) M61A1 Vulcan cannon for close range aerial combat and strafing. The F 16 was the first production fighter aircraft intentionally designed to be slightly	slightly	ADV	aerodynamically	ADV	 aerodynamically
Other localities – including Frankfort, Lexington, Louisville, and Boonesborough – also applied. Frankfort was eventually chosen, as Scott's failure to secure Petersburg's designation as the state capital contributed more than anything else to the settlement's failure to even become a viable city	city	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
In the special episode and television film SpongeBob's Atlantis SquarePantis, English musician and actor David Bowie guest starred as Lord Royal Highness (LRH). Bowie accepted the role when he was persuaded by his 6 year old daughter, Alexandria Zahra, who is a fan	fan	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
At this point, Murray had no experience in field archaeology, and so during the 1902 – 03 field season, she travelled to Egypt to join Petrie's excavations at Abydos. Petrie and his wife, Hilda Petrie, had been excavating at the site since 1899	1899	NUM	,	PUNCT	,
The attack was renewed on 31 May after new orders had been issued, with the division occupying the Prekaja area and capturing two Partisan tanks. Operation Rösselsprung was a failure as Tito and his principal headquarters staff escaped. After Rösselsprung, the division was deployed along the	the	DET	Una	PROPN	 Una
State law also prohibits an underage person from misrepresenting their age in a licensed establishment. It is illegal to serve alcohol to anyone under 21, encourage an underage person to drink, knowingly allow underage drinking on property that one owns or leases, or possess alcoholic beverages	beverages	NOUN	on	ADP	 on
The forum was relatively small and initially received little publicity, but in February 1967 Shoup submitted the speech to Senator Rupert Vance Hartke, who entered it into the Congressional Record. The speech grew in popularity, and Shoup did an interview for ABC News where he elaborated	elaborated	VERB	that	SCONJ	 that
Bauer disputes this, writing that Brand was simply afraid of returning to Budapest, convinced the Germans would murder him. Germany's Foreign Minister, Joachim von Ribbentrop, had apparently known nothing about the proposal. He cabled Brigadeführer Edmund Veesenmayer of the SS on 20 July	July	PROPN	1944	NUM	 1944
Their rate of fire was 15 rounds per minute. The ship also carried a single QF 6 pounder Hotchkiss anti aircraft gun for which she carried 55 rounds. This had a maximum depression of 8° and a maximum elevation of 60°. It fired a 6	6	NUM	pound	NOUN	 pound
At first the cap is covered by the soft, white fragmentary remains of the universal veil, which become more widely separated as the cap expands. They are shaggy and somewhat sticky. The gills are of varying lengths. They are free from the stipe and vary	vary	VERB	from	ADP	 from
The 24th Infantry Division's three infantry regiments, which had a wartime strength of 3,000 each, were already below strength on their deployment, and heavy losses in the preceding two weeks had reduced their numbers further. The 21st Infantry had 1,100 men left, having suffered	suffered	VERB	1,433	NUM	 1,433
" Our complaint in this instance is not with the portrayal of heavy alcohol consumption, or even with the glorification of such heavy consumption; it is specific to industry sponsorship of and entwinement with such portrayals. Quite different issues are raised where artists choose to depict such	such	ADJ	activities	NOUN	 activities
Careful examination of the Doppler shifts during transits also allowed them to determine the direction of the planet's orbital motion relative to its parent star's rotation via the Rossiter – McLaughlin effect. WASP 17b has a radius 1.5 – 2 times that of Jupiter and about half	half	DET	the	DET	 the
Piero della Francesca had made a detailed study of perspective, and was the first painter to make a scientific study of light. These studies and Alberti's treatise De Pictura were to have a profound effect on younger artists and in particular on Leonardo's own observations and	and	CCONJ	artworks	NOUN	 artworks
During the exhibition, a very quiet and genteel Mosconi blocked Wanderone's rough and tumble banter by wearing ear plugs; yet that failed to stop Wanderone from putting on a show for his fans. In an interview, Wanderone was asked about his strategy to defeat Mosconi	Mosconi	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
Inoue directed Takagi to make sure he destroyed the U.S. carriers the next day, and postponed the Port Moresby landings to 12 May. Takagi elected to take his carriers 120 nmi (140 mi; 220 km) north during the night so he could concentrate his morning	morning	NOUN	search	NOUN	 search
Thereafter, Uleki stalled for two days to the southwest of Hawaii, resulting in heavy surf across the state. The dangerous swells killed two people on Oahu. Unfavorable environmental conditions caused weakening of the hurricane by September 4 as it resumed a west northwest course away from	from	ADP	Hawaii	PROPN	 Hawaii
One obsolete type of gun, the " leatheren " was replaced by 4 pounder and 9 pounder demi culverins. These could be operated by three men, and pulled by only two horses. Adolphus's army was also the first to use a cartridge that contained both	both	DET	powder	NOUN	 powder
Careful examination of the thick ' stems ' fails to resemble that of the flowers. German scholar Eugen Petersen (1837 – 1919) proposed that the figures were holding knucklebones (talus bones from goats or sheep used to play the game of jacks) in their left	left	ADJ	hand	NOUN	 hand
A weir under the Portway prevents flooding upstream, except during the highest spring tides. Badock's Wood in Southmead is a nature reserve managed by Bristol City Council. Areas of beech, oak and ash woodland support a range of other bushes and shrubs, including hazel	hazel	ADJ	,	PUNCT	,
" Load out of the massive set from venues took as much as 3 1 ⁄ 2 days. Sound and light equipment was packed into the fleet of trucks first during the four hours following the concert; the remainder of the time was spent deconstructing the steel structures	structures	NOUN	making	VERB	 making
The campaign ran throughout October and November 2010. A later campaign featured Simon Bates, whose breakfast show attracted increased listening figures in London in early 2011. The station signed a number of sponsorship deals with advertisers, often for a particular show or for competitions associated with	with	ADP	the	DET	 the
Malhotra returned to the Wolf Pack the following season after failing to make the Rangers ' roster out of training camp. With New York deep at the centre position, his AHL assignment was predicated on him learning to play wing. He received numerous call ups to New	New	PROPN	York	PROPN	 York
" He continued, " Such vivid contrasts in the film's approach to its subject lead to its downfall. Any effect the disgustingly boring and extremely brutal murder scenes have go to waste seconds later when director Charles B. Pierce leads the picture into some of the type	type	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
His system of local administration was based on counties organized around fortresses and administered by royal officials. Hungary, which enjoyed a lasting period of peace during his reign, became a preferred route for pilgrims and merchants traveling between Western Europe and the Holy Land or Constantinople.	.	PUNCT	He	PRON	 He
The longer billed males are more successful in attracting a mate. The downy chick has uniformly pale brown plumage, and the fledged juvenile resembles the adult except that it has a dark head, light grey legs, and a pale bill. The unfeathered areas of the	the	DET	young	ADJ	 young
The use of mathematics in the service of social and economic analysis dates back to the 17th century. Then, mainly in German universities, a style of instruction emerged which dealt specifically with detailed presentation of data as it related to public administration. Gottfried Achenwall lectured in	in	ADP	this	DET	 this
Girlyman also covered this song, released on their 2003 album Remember Who I Am. Danny Colfax Mallon included " My Sweet Lord " on his album George: Harrison's Compositions Interpreted on Piano in 2004. Reggae artist Little Roy (Earl Lowe), a Rastafarian	Rastafarian	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
The music video, directed by Joseph Kahn, incorporates elements of Japanese culture and features Carey's alter ego Bianca. It was also the first time that Carey worked with Kahn in a music video, which premiered on an episode of MTV's Making the Video in	in	ADP	2003	NUM	 2003
The Norse legacy of art and architecture is limited. The Christchurch at Brough of Birsay, now reduced, was the early seat of the Bishop's of Orkney. St. Magnus Cathedral, Kirkwall is peerless as an example of Norse era construction in Scotland and St. Magnus	Magnus	PROPN	Church	PROPN	 Church
After killing many of the defenders, they quickly captured the hill, three officers, fifty five Ottoman soldiers, three Lewis guns and numerous bombs. The attackers suffered light casualties; however the sand dune was difficult to defend because the Ottoman trenches — without revetments —	—	PUNCT	had	AUX	 had
I'm fine ". Richard Smirke from Billboard praised the performance and Madonna's recovery, saying that " [the singer] didn't let the fall affect her performance and quickly recovered to deliver a slickly choreographed routine that mirrored the matador theme of her recent Grammy	Grammy	PROPN	Awards	PROPN	 Awards
A trend of decreasing electron affinity going down groups would be expected. The additional electron will be entering an orbital farther away from the nucleus. As such this electron would be less attracted to the nucleus and would release less energy when added. However, in going	going	VERB	down	ADP	 down
Following the dissolution of their team, Swagger would feud with Cesaro, with Rob Van Dam also being drawn into the feud, with the three competing in a triple threat elimination match at Extreme Rules, which Cesaro won. On the May 5 episode of Raw,	,	PUNCT	Swagger	PROPN	 Swagger
A replica Spitfire is on display on the Thornaby Road roundabout near the school named after Sir Douglas Bader who flew a Spitfire in the Second World War. This memorial is in memory of the old RAF base in Thornaby which is now a residential estate. A fibreglass	fibreglass	NOUN	replica	NOUN	 replica
On January 20, 2012, in what the Associated Press described as their " breakthrough performance ", eight members of the group performed a song on the Lobnoye Mesto in Red Square, entitled " Putin Zassal ". The title has been variously translated by English language	language	NOUN	media	NOUN	 media
Finding sufficient ground for new burials was increasingly difficult and bones were often removed to a nearby charnel house. In 1849, an extra charge was put on burials of people from outside the parish. In 1884, the churchyard was closed to all burials and a cemetery	cemetery	NOUN	was	AUX	 was
Initially, the typhoon was expected to pass north of the island without affecting it significantly, but instead the island experienced the brunt of the storm. Typhoon Lupit affected the island in the previous year, from which the islanders were still recovering. With the last minute	minute	NOUN	change	NOUN	 change
Known only from a single tooth, an upper first or second molar, it is among the few known fossil treeshrews. With a length of 3.57 mm, the tooth is large for a treeshrew. At the back lingual corner (the side of the tongue)	)	PUNCT	,	PUNCT	,
Given Enceladus's relatively high rock – mass fraction, the proposed enhancement in 26Al and 60Fe would result in a differentiated body, with an icy mantle and a rocky core. Subsequent radioactive and tidal heating would raise the temperature of the core to 1,000 K, enough	enough	ADJ	to	PART	 to
The shift of the emperor's orb from the House of Habsburg to the Wittelsbach family, albeit a brief event, was only resolved by the ascension of Maximilian III Joseph who, with the Treaty of Füssen, eschewed any imperial pretensions. Gebhard's defeat also changed	changed	VERB	the	DET	 the
The Palmyrene monarch destroyed the Jewish city of Nehardea, 45 km west of the Persian capital Ctesiphon, as he deemed the Jews of Mesopotamia loyal to Shapur. By late 262 or early 263, Odaenathus stood at the walls of the Persian capital. The exact route	route	NOUN	taken	VERB	 taken
Cold water from the river was pumped into the pipes, reducing the temperature within the forms from 105° F (41° C) to 45° F (7° C). This caused the dam to contract about eight inches in length; the resulting	resulting	VERB	gaps	NOUN	 gaps
Another actively used pair of toponyms is Dolni kray (" Lower Part ") and Gorni kray (" Upper Part "), referring to the town neighbourhoods closer to the river or the mountain respectively. Chiprovtsi Point and Chiprovtsi Islets in Rugged Island in the South	South	PROPN	Shetland	PROPN	 Shetland
With particular emphasis on the role played by Venezuela's private media, the film examines several key incidents: the protest march and subsequent violence that provided the impetus for Chávez's ousting; the opposition's formation of an interim government headed by business leader Pedro Carmona;	;	PUNCT	and	CCONJ	 and
According to Ken Inglis, " most of the responsibility for letting the... general controversy... [lies with] Sir Thomas Playford and his ministers... [Theirs] was the response of men who were convinced that the affairs of the society were in good hands,	,	PUNCT	and	CCONJ	 and
Despite this, one merchant ship was sunk by mines and another damaged. Later that month, she participated in Operation Splice, another mission in which the carriers Ark Royal and Furious flew off fighters for Malta. Force H was ordered to join the escort of Convoy	Convoy	PROPN	WS	PROPN	 WS
During their short conversation, Guevara pointed out to Cortez the poor condition of the schoolhouse, stating that it was " anti pedagogical " to expect campesino students to be educated there, while " government officials drive Mercedes cars ", and declaring " that's what we	we	PRON	are	AUX	 are
Suddenly, though, in the third act, all bets are off and it's a whole new story anyway. " On the editing of Death Proof, Tarantino stated " There is half an hour's difference between my Death Proof and what is playing in Grindhouse	Grindhouse	PROPN	.	PUNCT	.
Although he added that the album would have been a " great debut " had the band decided to record under a different name. Bob Mack, reviewing the album for Entertainment Weekly was more forceful in putting the album down. He described the sound of the album	album	NOUN	as	ADP	 as
On 18 June 1858, Darwin received the essay from Wallace. While Wallace's essay obviously did not employ Darwin's term " natural selection ", it did outline the mechanics of an evolutionary divergence of species from similar ones due to environmental pressures. In this sense	sense	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
Despite the warnings given by Brigadier General Paik Sun Yup, commander of the ROK 1st Infantry Division, a general feeling of optimism about the outcome of the war prevented the warnings from being taken seriously. With the fighting reached a stalemate at Unsan, General Walton Walker	Walker	PROPN	of	ADP	 of
Some studies have shown TB education programs to be effective in decreasing stigma, and may thus be effective in increasing treatment adherence. Despite this, studies on the relationship between reduced stigma and mortality are lacking as of 2010, and similar efforts to decrease stigma surrounding AIDS	AIDS	PROPN	have	AUX	 have
This building was a former illegal gambling hall and was confiscated by Galveston County, it now serves as a local base of operations for the Galveston County Sheriff's Department and Galveston County Precinct 1 Constable's office. Bacliff is located in District 23 of the Texas House	House	PROPN	of	ADP	 of
" Catriona Wightman of Digital Spy speculated it to be inspired by Cyrus ' former fiancé Liam Hemsworth and deemed it the best song of the album. Jason Lipshutz of Billboard gave the song a mixed review, calling it a " campy piano flare up ", but	but	CCONJ	criticizing	VERB	 criticizing
" You Belong with Me " experienced similar commercial outcomes throughout the rest of Europe; it became a top forty hit in Belgium (Wallonia) and a top fifty hit in Sweden. " You Belong with Me " was a success in Australia and New Zealand.	.	PUNCT	On	ADP	 On
The episode was co written by J. H. Wyman and Jeff Pinkner, and was directed by Joe Chappelle. The third season spent its time alternating between the prime and parallel universes, and " Olivia " was placed in the latter. This is indicated in the introduction	introduction	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
Pauley further averred that the building is " highly representative of the development of education and literature in the early United States ". In describing its impact on Romney's streetscape, Chambers described Literary Hall as " adding distinction to Romney's major street intersection ". Chambers	Chambers	NOUN	also	ADV	 also
It was reformed and sent to the Eastern Front, and became part of the Waffen SS (as the 28th SS Wallonien Division) in 1943. During the fighting at the Korsun – Cherkassy Pocket, the unit was nearly annihilated and its popular commander, Lucien Lippert	Lippert	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
A 1959 event in Huntsville, although smaller, damaged chimneys, wrecked plaster, and threw objects from shelves and tables. More recently, events occurred in Escambia County in 1997 and in 2003 in Fort Payne, registering magnitudes of 4.9 and spawning shaking. The Fort	Fort	PROPN	Payne	PROPN	 Payne
The only two known life drawings of the species (by G. Haasbroek) depict this individual. The illustrations show a displaying male raising its hackles into a ruff. This is a characteristic behaviour of other blue pigeons, too, and they can also vibrate their hackles	hackles	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
The Legacy has been compared to the former WWE faction Evolution of which Orton was a member, but Rhodes and DiBiase have said that they see the comparison as an opportunity to prove themselves and show their potential. Cody Rhodes was a World Tag Team Champion throughout the	the	DET	beginning	NOUN	 beginning
The association and IBRD operate with a staff of approximately 10,000 employees. The IDA is evaluated by the Bank's Independent Evaluation Group. In 2009, the group identified weaknesses in the set of controls used to protect against fraud and corruption in projects supported by IDA lending	lending	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
Through Atlanta's first 50 games, Heyward robustly lived up to the hype, hitting 10 home runs while batting.301 with a.421 OBP and.596 slugging percentage. He was named the National League (NL) Rookie of the Month in both April and May. However, after	after	ADP	sustaining	VERB	 sustaining
The Rough Canyon and Diablo East portions of the park were given particular focus, since they were the only two that were in existence at the time. Large boat ramps were constructed at both areas, in an attempt to increase tourism. In early August 1971,	,	PUNCT	several	ADJ	 several
In 1966, Rugby league introduced a four tackle rule based on Camp's early down and distance rules. Camp's new scrimmage rules revolutionized the game, though not always as intended. Princeton, in particular, used scrimmage play to slow the game, making incremental	incremental	ADJ	progress	NOUN	 progress
Allen had no compunction fielding there; at short leg he held five catches from Larwood's bowling in the series. Upon his return to England, Allen continued to oppose Bodyline tactics, making his opinion known to senior figures in the MCC, and leading a debate	debate	NOUN	among	ADP	 among
Although Kantakouzenos ' wife and children were safe in his headquarters at Demotika (Didymoteicho), the regency placed his mother, Theodora, under house arrest. The privations she suffered during her imprisonment were to cause her eventual death. As the first groups of his partisans	partisans	NOUN	fleeing	VERB	 fleeing
Only one man was killed and five wounded aboard the battlecruisers during the battle. After the Battle of the Falklands Inflexible was repaired and refitted at Gibraltar. She arrived at the Dardanelles on 24 January 1915 where she replaced Indefatigable as the flagship of the Mediterranean Fleet.	.	PUNCT	She	PRON	 She
When playing foreign teams, particularly in the European club competitions, the opposition would often cynically employ overt gamesmanship or downright dirty tactics. Continental sides were considered to be " sneaky ": If they went ahead, they didn't try to extend their lead, like	like	ADP	proper	ADJ	 proper
Dahl " liked " " Jack, Meet Ethan. Ethan? Jack ", but decided " that it's not [Lindelof] ' s best work ". Dahl wrote that " Jin Has a Temper Tantrum on the Golf Course " is " a nice little	little	ADJ	scene	NOUN	 scene
Musically, the song consists of bass, skittering drums, vague synthesizers, scintillating strings, finger snaps and a substantial amount of trap beats. Elements of hip hop music are also present in " Drunk in Love ". Written in the key of A♭ major	major	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
This was done quickly and a number of German agents were caught, crippling German intelligence operations in the UK at a crucial moment in the war. Steinhauer himself had been lucky to escape arrest; he was known by name to the British authorities and he had been	been	AUX	spying	VERB	 spying
Reconstructions of ankylosaur forelimb musculature made by Coombs in 1978 suggest that the forelimbs bore the majority of the animal's weight, and were adapted for high force delivery on the front feet, possibly for food gathering. In addition, Coombs suggested that ankylosaurs may have been	been	AUX	capable	ADJ	 capable
Staff writer Tom Gammill came up with the idea for the violent version of Mr. Smith Goes to Washington, and Gibson throwing his Senator badge away at the end of the film, is a reference to the ending of the film Dirty Harry from 1971. The idea	idea	NOUN	for	ADP	 for
" As a form of freedom of expression, Sarmiento began to write political commentary. In addition to writing, he also began teaching in Los Andes. Due to his innovative style of teaching, he found himself in conflict with the governor of the province. He	He	PRON	founded	VERB	 founded
Each dream acts as a character study, exploring the fears and future of the dreamer. Willow, Xander, and Giles are stalked by a shadowy figure, then killed within their dreams. The way in which each is killed is directly related to the role they	they	PRON	had	AUX	 had
Smith was no different. Ten minutes in and we'd forgotten she was anyone new. " In contrast, Mark Wright, reviewing the episode for The Stage, praised Smith's performance as Joey, deeming her to be " a much more satisfying sidekick " than	than	ADP	Julia	PROPN	 Julia
He said that most of the rehearsal schedule was devoted to ensuring that the first act would be good. At rehearsals, the film maker would have the younger actors observe the older actors practise the first act scenes. This had a double purpose: the older actors	actors	NOUN	would	AUX	 would
When snow does make it past the mountains, it is usually light and is seldom on the ground for more than two or three days. However, several storms have dropped 18 inches (460 mm) or more of snow within normally warm areas. The 1993	1993	NUM	Storm	NOUN	 Storm
In the final practice session, Ralf Schumacher was the quickest driver with a lap of 1: 39.188, almost three tenths of a second ahead of Montoya. Michael Schumacher was unable to improve his time from the previous session and was third fastest. He was ahead	ahead	ADV	of	ADP	 of
The next year, Mrs. Tiggy Winkle was one of the first set of ten porcelain figurines released. Between 1985 and 1999 Beswick produced five more porcelain collectibles featuring the hedgehog, including her head as a mug in 1988, a larger version of the first figurine in	in	ADP	1996	NUM	 1996
The Indian Act, various treaties and case laws were established to mediate relations between Europeans and native peoples. Most notably, a series of eleven treaties known as the Numbered Treaties were signed between Aboriginals in Canada and the reigning Monarch of Canada between 1871 and 1921.	.	PUNCT	These	DET	 These
She averaged 17.2 points per game. She was the team's captain, the youngest in the WNBA at the time. During one game which was attended by 11,000 fans, the fans loudly chanted her name. In 2002, Carrie Graf, who had been an	an	DET	assistant	ADJ	 assistant
He was born in Stalybridge and brought up in Stalybridge and Ashton under Lyne until he entered the family cotton business in 1838 after a seven year period working in a bank. Having originally opposed trade unions, Mason became a paternalistic mill owner, creating a colony for	for	ADP	his	PRON	 his
The home team's bowlers would tie down the Australians, forcing the batsmen to take risks to score runs and thereby increasing the chances of dismissal; however, if rain produced a sticky wicket, the England attack might be able to dismiss Australia relatively easily. As	As	ADP	such	ADJ	 such
The country was then dismembered and the extreme Croat nationalist and fascist Ante Pavelić, who had been in exile in Benito Mussolini's Italy, was appointed Poglavnik (leader) of an Ustaše led Croatian state – the Independent State of Croatia (often called the NDH,	,	PUNCT	from	ADP	 from
To further promote the game upon release, Square Enix offered the Japanese thriller Battle Royale as a free rental for Xbox One in the weekend following the game's release. After its initial release, a patch was released to fix issues similar to those fixed in the	the	DET	PC	NOUN	 PC
The Yugoslavs were quickly engaged by escorting Messerschmitt Bf 109Es from Jagdgeschwader 77 (JG 77). Just as the first wave was departing, Hawker Hurricane Mk1s of the 52nd Group of the 2nd Fighter Brigade based at Knić arrived over Belgrade and engaged some divebombers, claiming	claiming	VERB	one	NUM	 one
That year, the Warner brothers established the Pittsburgh based Duquesne Amusement Company, a distribution firm that proved lucrative until the advent of Thomas Edison's Motion Picture Patents Company (also known as the Edison Trust), which charged distributors exorbitant fees. In 1909, Harry	Harry	PROPN	agreed	VERB	 agreed
According to his biographer, Margaret Leech, " McKinley's fervor was irresistible to his audiences. He was better than a spellbinder. He was a vote getter. The whirlwind campaign of the Governor of Ohio was a sensation of the autumn. " The 1894 elections	elections	NOUN	saw	VERB	 saw
After hearing from immigrants how European strikers had used this tactic during prolonged strikes, Haywood decided to take the gamble in Lawrence, a first in American Labor history. He and the IWW used announcements in socialist newspapers to solicit host families, then screened strikers to see	see	VERB	who	PRON	 who
" Leah Greenblatt of Entertainment Weekly said " [Louboutins] does for the ultra high end shoe brand what Crocs do for sexy. " She pointed out how the song was not as good as Lopez's previous material and at one point even called the song "	"	PUNCT	Poo	PROPN	 Poo
4AD would distribute the album in Europe. Upon its February 2008 release, For Emma, Forever Ago sold 4,000 copies in its debut week. That placed it on several U.S. album sales charts, including at number 182 on the Billboard 200 and a number five entry	entry	NOUN	on	ADP	 on
" Her role as an artist in and voice lender to the subaltern is appreciated by theorists as having brought such ideas to first world view. USA Today included her on its list of the 100 Most Interesting People of 2007 and she was named one of Time Out	Out	PROPN	'	PUNCT	 '
They displaced 1,612 t (1,587 long tons) as designed and 1,864 t (1,835 long tons) at full load. The last ship, Geier, was 79.62 m long at the waterline and 83.90 m (275.3 ft) long overall. She had a beam	beam	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
Whether these differences are the direct cause or the result of obesity has yet to be determined unequivocally. An association between viruses and obesity has been found in humans and several different animal species. The amount that these associations may have contributed to the rising rate of obesity	obesity	NOUN	is	AUX	 is
" In 1992, he performed live at the bullring at Seville Expo ' 92, and a year later on the Plaza Mayor in Madrid, playing " La Barrosa ". In 1995, he and Bryan Adams recorded the hit song and video Have You Ever Really	Really	ADV	Loved	VERB	 Loved
As an artist, Leonardo also closely observed and recorded the effects of age and of human emotion on the physiology, studying in particular the effects of rage. He also drew many figures who had significant facial deformities or signs of illness. Leonardo also studied and drew	drew	VERB	the	DET	 the
Memory Almost Full reached the Top 5 in both the UK and US, as well as Denmark, Sweden, Greece, and Norway. The Grammy nominated album has sold over 2 million copies worldwide and has been certified gold by the RIAA for shipments of over 500,000	500,000	NUM	copies	NOUN	 copies
To keep the design as simple as possible, a near solid spherical core was chosen rather than a hollow one, although calculations showed that a hollow core would be more efficient in its use of plutonium. The hollow core design was initially pursued, but it was	was	AUX	found	VERB	 found
A limited quantity of themed Xbox faceplates created by Nomura were made available through a select few retailers in Europe, North America, and Australia. PAL territories received a limited collector's edition of the game for both Xbox 360 and PlayStation 3, with the Final Fantasy	Fantasy	PROPN	XIII	PROPN	 XIII
The story arc explores the symbiotic relationship between Joker and Batman, and sees the villain shatter the trust between Batman and his adopted family. Capullo's Joker design replaced his traditional outfit with a utilitarian, messy, and disheveled appearance to convey that the character was on	on	ADP	a	DET	 a
Pike's party reached the Kitkehahki village on September 25, 1806, shortly after Melgares's departure. Upon his arrival, he was greeted by the ranking chief, Sharitarish, who invited him to eat in his lodge and told him of Melgares's recent visit.	.	PUNCT	The	DET	 The
Mal Waldron, an American jazz and world music composer who came to fame after performing as Billie Holiday's accompanist until her death, collaborated with the Lafayette Afro Rock Band in 1975, employing them to back him on his unreleased Candy Girl album. Shortly later,	,	PUNCT	legendary	ADJ	 legendary
Samantha auctioned the costumes used by Mahesh in the film for raising funds for the charity organisation " Pratyusha ". Vaitla's next film with Mahesh namely Aagadu (2014), which too was produced by 14 Reels Entertainment and had the same technical crew of this film	film	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
Magnes's views of the Jewish people were strongly influenced by First Hebrew's Rabbi Levy, and it was at the building on 13th and Clay that Magnes first began preaching — his bar mitzvah speech of 1890 was quoted at length in The Oakland Tribune. Morris Sessler	Sessler	PROPN	succeeded	VERB	 succeeded
Goldstein called the characters colorful, but found the locations to be uninteresting. Hopper called the game's aesthetic " anime esque " and clean, and said that the static images were decent. Parker liked the game's presentation, and called the environments " beautifully drawn	drawn	VERB	"	PUNCT	 "
So when I was doing ' Bounce ', you know I don't actually drink or smoke so I thought I don't wanna do a video in a club like poppin ' bottles and all this stuff, although the song's about partying. I [wanted	wanted	VERB	to	PART	 to
The room is 55 ft × 30 ft (16.8 m × 9.1 m). Its walls are covered in dark walnut. Ornamental lighting fixtures with brass wall mountings adorn the east and west ends of the room, and a bronze ring chandelier hangs above the center	center	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
Mitigation strategies include: White roofs: Painting rooftops white has become a common strategy to reduce the heat island effect. In cities, there are many dark colored surfaces that absorb the heat of the sun in turn lowering the albedo of the city. White rooftops allow	allow	VERB	high	ADJ	 high
Peel was described as " a tall robust man " with reddish hair, cautious but shrewd, who led the family to fortune through perseverance and resolve. He married Elizabeth Haworth on 28 August 1744 and they had eight children, including Sir Robert Peel, 1st Baronet	Baronet	PROPN	.	PUNCT	.
The film was # 5 among the ten lowest grossing releases of 2010 from major studios (movies released in over 1500 theaters). Let Me In received critical acclaim upon release. Review aggregation website Rotten Tomatoes gives the film a score of 88% based on reviews	reviews	NOUN	from	ADP	 from
The third division was called the Hylleis, after Heracles ' son Hyllus, with whom Pamphylus and Dymas migrated to the Peloponnese. Xuthus married Erechtheus ' daughter Creusa and was the father of Ion and Achaeus, along with a daughter named Diomede. The relation between the	the	DET	progenitors	NOUN	 progenitors
This phase between Foussat Road and Jefferies Ranch Road was finished in late 1999. Because the expressway was constructed on top of Mission Avenue east of Old Grove Road, the former was rerouted onto a new alignment that connected to Frazee Road. However, Mission Avenue was	was	AUX	thus	ADV	 thus
After winning the Finals in five games, Duncan joined John Salley as the only players to win a championship in three different decades. On June 23, 2014, Duncan exercised his $10.3 million player option for the 2014 – 15 season. On November 14,	,	PUNCT	2014	NUM	 2014
Two days later several Dunkirkers were dispatched to force the Talamone's port mouth, and 8 ships arrived from Naples at Porto Santo Stefano, destroying or capturing about 70 tartanes and barges which contained the supplies of Thomas of Savoy's army during the operation. Du Daugnon	Daugnon	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
This battle took place in many stages. Firstly, the tributaries to the Jaffna Kingdom in the Vanni area, namely the Vanniar chieftains of the Vannimai were neutralised. This was followed by two successive conquests. The first war of conquest did not succeed in capturing the	the	DET	kingdom	NOUN	 kingdom
Along with Isopogon dawsonii, it is the easiest member of the genus to grow. The fine foliage, red stems, bright yellow flowers in spring and distinctive drumsticks afterwards make I. anethifolius an appealing garden plant. It has potential as a screening plant (its dense	dense	ADJ	foliage	NOUN	 foliage
Lost Coast was released on October 27, 2005, as a free download from Valve's Steam content delivery service to anyone who purchased Half Life 2. People who received Half Life 2 as a gift from Valve's online store were not eligible to download the level	level	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
" That the Quiet Beatle was capable of such range, " Rodriguez continues, " from the joyful ' What Is Life ' to the meditative ' Isn't It a Pity ' to the steamrolling ' Art of Dying ' to the playful ' I Dig Love '	'	PUNCT	–	PUNCT	 –
Of course, Acheson's own approach to being Secretary of State was such that when you took an agreement to him to be signed, his chief question was " By what authority do I sign this? " And whoever brought it to him to get it signed	signed	VERB	,	PUNCT	,
Humphreys also scored in the following match against Leeds United. Two games later, Humphreys scored a much talked about goal when he went on a 50 yard run and scored a spectacular chipped goal against Leicester City. Humphreys was seen as the driving force behind Sheffield Wednesday	Wednesday	PROPN	's	PART	's
Allison finds evidence of Harrison's antipathy towards organised religion in this inner gatefold photo, following on from the lyrics to his 1970 song " Awaiting on You All ". In order to add to Harrison's " mystique ", author Bruce Spizer writes, Wilkes placed	placed	VERB	a	DET	 a
During the visit, she stopped in Arendal, Bergen, and Odda. In July, the ship conducted gunnery training near the northern coast of Holstein, followed by training cruises off the coast of Mecklenburg. Kaiser Wilhelm II served as the flagship of the III Squadron	Squadron	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
However, Cassius Dio marks the wider imperial decline as beginning in 180 AD with the ascension of Commodus to the throne, a judgement with which Gibbon concurred, and Matyszak states that " the rot... had become established long before " even that. Although the crisis	crisis	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
Show creator Daniel Knauf actively participated in online fandom and offered story- and mythology related clues. He also gave insight into reasons for Carnivàle's cancellation on a messageboard before speaking to the press. One year after Carnivàle's cancellation, a major Carnivàle convention called CarnyCon 2006	2006	NUM	Live	PROPN	 Live
Cambridge were coached by Chris Addison (who rowed for Cambridge in the 1939 race), James Crowden (who rowed for the Light Blues in the 1951 and 1952 races), A. T. Denby (1958 Blue), David Jennens (who rowed three times between	between	ADP	1949	NUM	 1949
Chang called Dylan's father " a stiff Asian stereotype ", while Mohan of The Oregonian found it contradictory for an anti racist film to contain such depiction. Peter Bradshaw of The Guardian even claimed that the line " If you can barely beat a little black girl	girl	NOUN	"	PUNCT	 "
It was also used for springs, including those used in clocks and watches. With the advent of speedier and thriftier production methods, steel has become easier to obtain and much cheaper. It has replaced wrought iron for a multitude of purposes. However, the availability	availability	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
It is their first album since reforming after they disbanded in 1993. Vocalist Ian McCulloch and guitarist Will Sergeant had previously worked together as Electrafixion before they were rejoined by bassist Les Pattinson under the name Echo & the Bunnymen in early 1997. The album was recorded at	at	ADP	Doghouse	PROPN	 Doghouse
The Robots ' Rebellion was greeted with dismay by the Green Party's executive. Despite the controversy over the press conference and Wogan interview, they had allowed Icke to address the party's annual conference in 1992 — a decision that led one of its principal speakers,	,	PUNCT	Sara	PROPN	 Sara
The New York Times condemned the appointments of Tom C. Clark and Sherman Minton in particular as examples of cronyism and favoritism for unqualified candidates. The four justices appointed by Truman joined with Justices Felix Frankfurter, Robert H. Jackson, and Stanley Reed to create a substantial seven	seven	NUM	member	NOUN	 member
The Saguna meditation, that is qualified and with attributes, is for those who need a concrete symbol such as a Murti, or a visualization aid. They should think of the identity of their lotus heart having eight petals with the highest self visualized as Vasudeva,	,	PUNCT	Narayana	PROPN	 Narayana
The most common definition is given above, but another common alternative is to divide by the constant mk to obtain a dimensionless conserved eccentricity vector <formula> where v is the velocity vector. This scaled vector e has the same direction as A and its magnitude equals	equals	VERB	the	DET	 the
Jon Pareles of the New York Times remarked that the production had a " fatalistic calm, in a commercial mold ". He compared the album's production and synthesized hooks to that of Dr. Dre's G funk style, stating that " while 2Pac doesn't sing	sing	VERB	,	PUNCT	,
Gameplay is divided into two different styles: aerial based rail shooter segments, and ground based segments that feature both linear paths and free roaming areas. The game's difficulty, or Intensity, is determined by betting hearts in the Fiend's Cauldron before beginning each mission	mission	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
The Martin government did not accept this interpretation and argued that vote had been on a procedural motion, although they also indicated that they would bring forward their revised budget for a confidence vote the following week. Ultimately, the effort to bring down the Government failed following	following	VERB	the	DET	 the
He did not secure any further academic advancement: he hoped to be appointed Camden Professor of Ancient History on the death or resignation of Degory Wheare (the first professor). According to Twyne, Camden promised this to him in a conversation in 1623, and a	a	DET	patent	NOUN	 patent
The west façade of the chapel was later demolished and the chancel arch was built up to form a new one with a Gibbs surround. A bell turret was added c. 1805. On the north and south sides of the chapel are two transeptal, semi octagonal bays	bays	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
These are rated by how much clamping force they can apply. Typical ratings are between 400 and 4,000 st (2,500 and 25,400 kg). Hot chamber die casting, also known as gooseneck machines, rely upon a pool of molten metal to feed the die.	.	PUNCT	At	ADP	 At
In both 2005 and 2007, only two preseason selections made the regular season team. Harris opened the 2008 – 09 Michigan Wolverines men's basketball season with a career high 30 points in a 77 – 55 victory over Michigan Tech on November 11. The following night	night	NOUN	in	ADP	 in
" A day after the original broadcast, BuddyTV's Dahl claimed that " [the audience is] on an epic journey, one that has been as entertaining and engrossing as any TV series has ever been ". In contrast, TV Guide's Michael Ausiello of	of	ADP	said	VERB	 said
Cruz had a three year relationship with Tom Cruise after they appeared together in Vanilla Sky. It ended in January 2004. In April 2003, she filed a lawsuit against the Australian magazine New Idea for defamation over an article about her relationship with Cruise. Cruz is	is	AUX	a	DET	 a
All of those elements work together... to create this version that you see in the episode. " The episode was shot through special lenses to make it more reminiscent of the decade. At Peter's funeral, actress Blair Brown wanted her character Nina Sharp to wear	wear	VERB	sunglasses	NOUN	 sunglasses
French losses were also comparatively light, with only 9 dead and 15 wounded on Vénus and none at all on Victor. Rowley repaired Ceylon and restored Gordon in command. Vénus was also repaired, and entered British service as HMS Nereide to replace the Nereide lost at	at	ADP	Grand	PROPN	 Grand
The event, thought to be the cause of the Martian hemispheric dichotomy, created the smooth Borealis basin that covers 40% of the planet. The geological history of Mars can be split into many periods, but the following are the three primary periods: Noachian period	period	NOUN	(	PUNCT	 (
Altering the difficulty of the Noise and the amount of health for Neku and his partner also alter the benefits conferred. Each district has fashion trends that affect gameplay. By wearing pins or clothing from the more popular brands in that district, items ' effects will be	be	AUX	improved	VERB	 improved
James, Ioan (2002), Remarkable Mathematicians from Euler to von Neumann, Cambridge: Cambridge University Press, ISBN 0 521 81777 3. Kimberling, Clark (1981), " Emmy Noether and Her Influence ", in Brewer, James W; Smith,	,	PUNCT	Martha	PROPN	 Martha
Crosby won the Mark Messier Leadership Award, getting recognized as a ' superior leader within the sport, setting a positive example through on ice performance, motivation of team members and a dedication to the community '. This was the second time he had received this honour	honour	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
The majority of the gun platform collapsed into the sea as the cliffs eroded. It is uncertain precisely when this occurred; in a prolonged historical debate over this during the late 19th and early 20th centuries, the historian Henry Symonds argued that the first falls occurred during	during	ADP	the	DET	 the
The film's visual effects saw breakthroughs in computer generated imagery, including the first use of natural human motion for a computer generated character and the first partially computer generated main character. Terminator 2 was a critical and commercial success and influenced popular culture, especially the use	use	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
Fearing the consequences were he to be caught with an unconscious woman whom he had treated in such a manner, Thornton threw her into the pit, where she drowned. At that time, defence counsel were not permitted to address the jury, and the matter proceeded	proceeded	VERB	with	ADP	 with
Rubble masonry was the quickest and cheapest for construction, and had the largest tolerances. Many of the oldest stone bridges in Pennsylvania were built using rubble masonry techniques. Stone bridge construction started with the excavation of foundations for the abutments. Then a temporary structure known as	as	ADP	a	DET	 a
In the first step, a reaction between phenylacetone and formamide, either using additional formic acid or formamide itself as a reducing agent, yields N formylamphetamine. This intermediate is then hydrolyzed using hydrochloric acid, and subsequently basified, extracted with organic solvent, concentrated, and	and	CCONJ	distilled	VERB	 distilled
" Grant reluctantly settled into a siege. On May 25, Lt. Col. John A. Rawlins issued Special Orders No. 140 for Grant: " Corps Commanders will immediately commence the work of reducing the enemy by regular approaches. It is desirable that no more	more	ADJ	loss	NOUN	 loss
In 1901, while serving on Ringarooma in New Zealand, he volunteered to join Scott's 1901 – 04 Discovery Expedition to Antarctica, thus beginning his exploring career. After his Terra Nova experience, Crean's third and final Antarctic venture was as second officer on Ernest	Ernest	PROPN	Shackleton	PROPN	 Shackleton
He wants to do the sequel justice and he really gets what we ’ re trying to do. " Although much of the first film's cast returned for the sequel, Anne Hathaway was replaced by Hayden Panettiere in the role of Red and Jim Belushi was replaced	replaced	VERB	by	ADP	 by
Burnham instantly fled and he had almost escaped when his horse was shot and fell, knocking him senseless and pinning him under its dead body. It was night and he was already far away when his horse was shot, so the Boer troopers apparently did not check	check	VERB	to	PART	 to
The area that is now Sabah came under British control as North Borneo when both the Sultan of Brunei and the Sultan of Sulu transferred their respective territorial rights of ownership, between 1877 and 1878. In 1842, Sarawak was ceded by the Sultan of Brunei to James	James	PROPN	Brooke	PROPN	 Brooke
It will put a very strong lever into the hands of the well meaning idealists who are to be found in almost every Government, who deprecate expenditure on armaments, and, in the course of time, it will almost certainly result in this country being caught at	at	ADP	a	DET	 a
All the characters were created with 3D face scans. Alien: Isolation runs on an entirely new engine that was built from scratch by the Creative Assembly. The new engine allowed the development team to accommodate technical aspects like the game's atmospheric and lighting effects as well	well	ADV	as	ADP	 as
This led Tweedy to reflect upon his future in the town: he knew that he would have to leave when he grew up because it was too small. The album was recorded by TJ Doherty at The Loft in Irving Park, Chicago, where Tweedy had recorded	recorded	VERB	Loose	PROPN	 Loose
" Eaten Alive premiered on December 7, 2014, kicking off a special week of programming on Discovery Channel known as " Mega Week ", which the network promoted as a " weeklong celebration of all things Discovery. " The special was seen by 4.1 million viewers	viewers	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
Black Mask (also voiced by North), Killer Croc (Steven Blum), and Freeze's wife, Nora Fries, make cameo appearances in the game. The events of Arkham City are set one year after Batman: Arkham Asylum. Quincy Sharp, the	the	DET	asylum	NOUN	 asylum
" This idea was used for the second season episode, " Phineas and Ferb's Quantum Boogaloo. " " It's About Time! " featured two different musical numbers, entitled " My Nemesis " and " When We Didn't Get Along. " During the	the	DET	storyboard	ADJ	 storyboard
The Demon Blade received critical acclaim, garnering a score of 81 / 100 on Metacritic based on 58 critic reviews. In its review, Famitsu praised the art style, and called the battle system " absorbing ". Their main complaints were the lack of variety between	between	ADP	characters	NOUN	 characters
The German forces captured millions of Soviet prisoners who were not granted protections stipulated in the Geneva Conventions. Most of them never returned alive; Germany deliberately starved the prisoners to death as part of a " Hunger Plan " that aimed to reduce the population of Eastern Europe	Europe	PROPN	and	CCONJ	 and
Gates tapped Kościuszko to survey the country between the opposing armies, choose the most defensible position, and fortify it. Finding just such a position near Saratoga, overlooking the Hudson at Bemis Heights, Kościuszko laid out a strong array of defenses, nearly impregnable from any	any	DET	direction	NOUN	 direction
He had a 4 – 7 record for Dover. Ruffing made his major league debut with the Red Sox on May 31, 1924. He pitched without earning a decision in over 23 innings pitched, and had a 6.65 earned run average (ERA). He	He	PRON	saw	VERB	 saw
The resultant massive explosion shattered windows along Bay Street in Nassau roughly 30 miles away. Stears went on to win an Academy Award for his work on Thunderball. As the filming neared its conclusion, Connery had become increasingly agitated with press intrusion and was distracted with difficulties	difficulties	NOUN	in	ADP	 in
Depending on the person, activities may include resistance training, walking, swimming, yoga, tai chi, and others. Determining an appropriate and safe exercise program is challenging and must be carefully individualized to each person being sure to account for all contraindications and precautions.	.	PUNCT	An	DET	 An
Until 1919, the UFA's political activities were limited to advocacy, but that year it decided to run candidates in the 1921 provincial election. Despite Brownlee's burgeoning interest in politics, he did not view himself as part of the UFA's political branch, and	and	CCONJ	did	AUX	 did
The wire ran along the wall of the old tunnel, on brackets in the roof of the new tunnel, and was supported by poles at the open air stations. The electricity was supplied by an electrical substation built by English Electric, inside the tunnel near the	the	DET	lower	ADJ	 lower
The Dandie Dinmont Terrier has a similar body shape to the Skye Terrier, but the Skye's coat is thicker and longer. The coat comes in two colour ranges, either " pepper " or " mustard ". Pepper ranges from a dark blueish black through to	to	ADP	a	DET	 a
The ADF's current priorities are set out in the 2016 Defence White Paper, which identifies three main areas of focus. The first of these is to defend Australia from direct attack or coercion. The second priority is to contribute to the security of South East Asia	Asia	PROPN	and	CCONJ	 and
Compounding Edward's difficulties were the deaths of his most trusted men, some from the 1361 – 62 recurrence of the plague. William Montague, Earl of Salisbury, Edward's companion in the 1330 coup, died as early as 1344. William de Clinton, who	who	PRON	had	AUX	 had
" Two other early White Mountain painters were the Massachusetts artists Alvan Fisher (1792 – 1863) and Thomas Doughty (1793 – 1856). The works of these early artists depicted dramatic landscapes and man ’ s relative insignificance compared to nature. " Fisher's turbulent	turbulent	ADJ	view	NOUN	 view
Dora dissipated late on the following day, while situated several hundred miles east of Wake Island. A tropical wave crossed Central America between July 28 and July 29, before entering the Pacific Ocean and slowly organizing. After the cloud pattern consolidated, it is estimated that	that	SCONJ	Tropical	PROPN	 Tropical
Another potential problem that arises at the interface between wheel and axle (or axle and body) is the ability of an organism to transfer materials across this interface. If the tissues that make up a wheel are living, they will need to be supplied with oxygen	oxygen	NOUN	and	CCONJ	 and
It is approximately 14.5 miles (23.3 km) long and flows through Harveys Lake, Lake Township, Lehman Township, Jackson Township, and Plymouth Township. The creek's watershed has an area of 46.3 square miles (120 km2). The creek has four named	named	VERB	tributaries	NOUN	 tributaries
This is called theistic innatism — the notion that all people believe in God from birth; within this view was the connotation that atheists are simply in denial. There is also a position claiming that atheists are quick to believe in God in times of crisis, that	that	PRON	atheists	NOUN	 atheists
Mahmudullah was caught in the slips just after reaching his half century, and his captain Shakib Al Hasan followed before the end of the day. Iqbal was dismissed in the third over of the following day, and nine overs later Shahadat Hossain was also dismissed, leaving	leaving	VERB	Bangladesh	PROPN	 Bangladesh
Alongside her Oscar nomination for Best Supporting Actress, Moore was nominated at the Golden Globe and Screen Actors Guild awards, and several critics groups named her a winner. Moore followed her success in Boogie Nights with a role in the Coen brothers ' dark comedy The Big	Big	PROPN	Lebowski	PROPN	 Lebowski
First released in October 2008, the Dream was the first commercially released device to use the Linux based Android operating system, which was purchased and further developed by Google and the Open Handset Alliance to create an open competitor to other major smartphone platforms of the time,	,	PUNCT	such	ADJ	 such
He is considered as one of the best players to ever play for the club and played, both, as a defender and midfielder. In his last couple of seasons he was also team captain. Balajić earned a total of 229 official appearances for the club,	,	PUNCT	scoring	VERB	 scoring
Clemmons was arrested on July 1, 2009, after he appeared in a Pierce County court trying to have his bench warrant thrown out. He was charged with second degree rape of a child, as well as being a fugitive from Arkansas. At the time of	of	ADP	his	PRON	 his
On June 21, 2011, a Paris court ruled in Lee and On My Own's favor, believing that TF1 failed to honor the contract, which proved " disastrous " for the film. TF1 was fined €32 million (US $46 million).	.	PUNCT	TF1	PROPN	 TF1
As of 2010, those of African ancestry accounted for 31.0% of Fort Lauderdale's population, which includes African Americans. Out of the 31.0%, 10.0% were West Indian or Afro Caribbean American (6.4% Haitian, 2.5% Jamaican, 0.4% Bahamian	Bahamian	ADJ	,	PUNCT	,
Although he remained on cordial terms with Senator Seward, Greeley never seriously considered supporting him in his bid for the Republican nomination for president. Instead, during the run up to the 1860 Republican National Convention in Chicago, he pressed the candidacy of former Missouri representative Edward	Edward	PROPN	Bates	PROPN	 Bates
Born in Los Angeles, California, Bruce graduated from Hollywood High School, at the age of 16 and then from Pomona College with a double major in history and government. He completed a law degree from the University of Southern California's Gould School of Law in	in	ADP	1973	NUM	 1973
Although columnist Andrew Sullivan noted that he had little leisure time at his disposal for contemplation compared with when he grew up, the anecdotes provided by journalists that indicated a deficiency in the capacity to contemplate were described only in the context of third parties, such as columnist	columnist	NOUN	Margaret	PROPN	 Margaret
If this theory is valid, Louis's and his wife's first child was stillborn. Their next child, Catherine, was born in 1370 and died in 1378. The next daughter, Mary, who would succeed Louis in Hungary, was born in 1371.	.	PUNCT	Louis	PROPN	 Louis
The onslaught of Hurricane Gonzalo in October 2014 prompted a catastrophe modeller to revisit Fabian's destruction, concluding that had it struck in 2014, it would have caused around $650 million in damage. Due to the damage and deaths on Bermuda, the name Fabian was	was	AUX	retired	VERB	 retired
Soon afterwards, he applied for the managerial post at former club Brighton & Hove Albion, then in the Second Division, but was unsuccessful. A broken arm suffered in August 1961 forced McNichol to miss a Palace match for the first time in a three and a	a	DET	half	ADJ	 half
The cracking of the crust was caused by the global expansion of Titania by about 0.7%. The presence of carbon dioxide on the surface suggests that Titania may have a tenuous seasonal atmosphere of CO2, much like that of the Jovian moon Callisto. Other gases,	,	PUNCT	like	ADP	 like
Further changes were made for the Paris premiere in 1894, which are also inadequately documented. Ricordi attempted to keep up with the changes, issuing new edition after new edition, but the orchestral and piano scores were often mutually contradictory. The Verdi scholar James Hepokoski considers	considers	VERB	that	SCONJ	 that
The 4th Squadron, leading, covered the first ten miles (16 km), reaching Kh Fusail and then Tel Es Ed Dhiab, with no opposition. They encountered a Turkish defence line at the Mafid Jozeleh bridge, which was captured along with twenty prisoners and	and	CCONJ	two	NUM	 two
his style resembled that of his earlier series, You're Under Arrest, and as such lacked the polish that became evident in his later work. However, as his style evolved it became more refined, as seen in works such as those collected in Childhood's	's	PART	End	NOUN	 End
Additionally, prior to Beijing, she had not participated in any Olympic games or event. The preliminary round for the event took place on August 15, and Virginia Farmer participated in the fourth heat. She finished the race in 28.82 seconds, ranking third behind Swaziland	Swaziland	PROPN	's	PART	's
Ships designed in this way have been described as ' all big gun mixed calibre ' or later ' semi dreadnoughts '. Semi dreadnought ships had many heavy secondary guns in wing turrets near the centre of the ship, instead of the small guns mounted in barbettes of	of	ADP	earlier	ADJ	 earlier
The Giro began with a team time trial on the island of Sardinia. The winning team was Liquigas, but due to unusual stage ending tactics, it was Enrico Gasparotto and not team leader Danilo Di Luca who took the first pink jersey. Gasparotto faced intense questioning	questioning	NOUN	from	ADP	 from
The air pump itself is rendered in exquisite detail, a faithful record of the designs in use at the time. What may be a human skull in the large liquid filled glass bowl would not have been a normal piece of equipment; William Schupbach suggests that it	it	PRON	and	CCONJ	 and
In the 1997 sequence, the Vectra was seen overtaking a Leyland Titan bus, before screeching to a halt, and the main sequence starting. The end credits for the series remained the same, but a new version of " Overkill " was used, also composed	composed	VERB	by	ADP	 by
Some devices featured slideout keyboards, while others featured minimal face buttons. Microsoft's work on handheld portable devices began with research projects in 1990, with the work on Windows CE beginning in 1992. Initially, the OS and the user interface were developed separately. With	With	SCONJ	Windows	PROPN	 Windows
The Archbishop of Canterbury lifts St Edward's Crown from the high altar, sets it back down, and says a prayer: " Oh God, the crown of the faithful; bless we beseech thee and sanctify this thy servant our king / queen, and as	as	SCONJ	thou	NOUN	 thou
While the eastern and western facades are older than most of the rest of the building, their third level has Solomonic columns which are associated with the Baroque period. All the high reliefs of the portals of the cathedral were inspired by the work of Flemish painter Peter	Peter	PROPN	Paul	PROPN	 Paul
The album begins with a skit featuring American comedian George Lopez, in which Santos confesses his " sins " about his fortune and fame to a priest played by Lopez. The first song " La Diabla " (" She Devil ") is a bachata track about	about	ADP	a	DET	 a
Pope Boniface annulled the decisions of the commission in 1401, after the convent appealed to him, but the papal sentences were ignored by Despenser. Eventually the monks came to terms with the bishop and accepted a loss of their autonomy. Since 1381, there had been	been	AUX	a	DET	 a
Conversely, HD 45364 is a star 107 light years distant that is a little smaller and cooler than the Sun, of spectral type G8V, which has two planets discovered in 2008. With orbital periods of 228 and 342 days, the planets have a 3:	:	SYM	2	NUM	 2
These changes, however, were met with negative reception from fans, who criticized the game for offering less freedom. This ultimately led to Capcom recognizing the theme of insanity as the hallmark of the series and using it as a focus for future Marvel vs. Capcom installments	installments	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
Notes printed before November 2003 bear the signature of the first president of the European Central Bank, Wim Duisenberg, who was replaced on 1 November 2003 by Jean Claude Trichet, whose signature appears on issues from November 2003 to March 2012. Notes issued after March 2012	2012	NUM	bear	VERB	 bear
The club was not able to put on its first exhibition until December 18 when it moved to a location with exhibition space. The club's early gallery spaces were not sufficient to achieve the club's goals and it agreed to assume cost and selection responsibilities for works	works	NOUN	in	ADP	 in
By the 1820s American ships routinely spent years in the Pacific, making several voyages between various places such as California, Hawaii, the Philippines, and Canton. American ships were usually stocked with a surplus of trade goods intended for trade on the North West Coast.	.	PUNCT	It	PRON	 It
The Daily Telegraph. Parkinson, Gary (25 February 2002). " Equity Groups Make a Play for Boosey ". The Daily Telegraph. Osborne, Alistair (30 April 2002). " Boosey & Hawkes in Sale Talks ". The Daily Telegraph. Jay	Jay	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
It started at an intersection between US 10 and US 23 in Bridgeport southeast of Saginaw. From there, it ran concurrently along US 10 (Dixie Highway) northwesterly into Saginaw. Once in downtown, the business loop turned northward on Washington Street, running parallel to	to	ADP	the	DET	 the
His Jefferson Building (1225 19th Street NW), built in 1963, was an eight story glass and marble clad structure that was the first skyscraper in the city to feature a columnless interior. It became home to the upscale The Palm steak restaurant in December 1972	1972	NUM	,	PUNCT	,
After several months of negotiations, Villa gained permission for a new stand to replace the Witton Lane Stand. The new design meant that the club had to realign Witton Lane and, as a condition of the planning permission, pay £600,000 to compulsory purchase the houses	houses	NOUN	along	ADP	 along
He pitched to a 3 – 5 win – loss record and a 6.11 ERA in nine games pitched on the season. Ruffing retired after the 1947 season. Ruffing finished his career with 273 wins, 225 losses, 1,987 strikeouts and a 3.80 ERA. He also	also	ADV	had	VERB	 had
The siege lasted from September 17 to November 3, 1775. After several false starts in early September, the Continental Army established a siege around Fort St. Jean. Beset by illness, bad weather, and logistical problems, they established mortar batteries that were able to	to	PART	penetrate	VERB	 penetrate
He judged that had the division been retained, it could have reinforced the Fourteenth Army, making the defence of Imphal and Kohima in 1944 easier. Historian F. W. Perry wrote, " it is difficult to avoid the conclusion that the results achieved by the force did	did	AUX	not	PART	 not
During Jahangir's time and even more frequently under Shah Jahan's rule this jharokha was used for giving darshan. During Jahangir's Jharokha Darshan, hanging a string to tie petitions, was also practiced. This was also a Persian system under naushrwan. Jahangir elaborated on	on	ADP	this	DET	 this
The D class destroyers were initially assigned to the Mediterranean Fleet upon commissioning, but were transferred to the China Station in 1935. Like the C class, most were temporarily deployed in the Red Sea when the Italians invaded Abyssinia, but returned to the China Station when	when	SCONJ	that	PRON	 that
Following the national championship, for the 2005 – 2006 fiscal year, UT also led the nation in royalties from merchandise sales, setting a new national record at $8.2 million. These royalties went to the University as a whole, not specifically to the athletics programs	programs	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
After over eight months of working to purchase the franchise, local businessman Bill Sexton withdrew his bid to purchase the Timberwolves in August. However, Glen Taylor later headed a group to purchase the team with the NBA approving the transaction in October 1994. By 1995 Top	Top	PROPN	Rank	PROPN	 Rank
" We went to great pains to establish that this is the way a Vulcan woman — a sexy Vulcan woman — would look, " said Mills. Principal photography took place between April 16, 1991 and September 27, 1991, using a mix of fixed sets	sets	NOUN	and	CCONJ	 and
The Northeast Extension was built between 1955 and 1957 and was originally projected to continue past Clarks Summit to the New York border; however, I 81 was built between these two points instead. Since the extension, I 476 has been the longest auxiliary Interstate Highway in	in	ADP	the	DET	 the
The convoy was escorted by cruisers North Carolina and Frederick, and destroyers Stevens and Fairfax; battleship Texas and several other destroyers joined in escort duties for the group for a time. The convoy had a false alarm when a floating barrel was mistaken for submarine, but	but	CCONJ	otherwise	ADV	 otherwise
Asian elephants have smaller ears, a convex or level back, smoother skin, a horizontal abdomen that occasionally sags in the middle and one extension at the tip of the trunk. The looped ridges on the molars are narrower in the Asian elephant while those of the	the	DET	African	PROPN	 African
The action, later known as the Battle of Shiloh, was the bloodiest of the war to date; Garfield was exposed to fire for much of the day, but emerged uninjured. Major General Henry W. Halleck, Grant's superior, took charge of the combined	combined	VERB	armies	NOUN	 armies
As a protégé and close companion of Nikita Khrushchev, he travelled with him to United Nations headquarters in 1960. He acted as a Soviet emissary to Czechoslovakia, East Germany, Canada, and Yugoslavia. Podgorny's beliefs were strongly influenced by Khrushchev, and under Leonid	Leonid	PROPN	Brezhnev	PROPN	 Brezhnev
He spent many years in an orphanage — with his sister, Edith — after his father died. He was known as being very witty and musical throughout his life — he sang and played the banjo — but not as being very dependable. Although always known informally	informally	ADV	as	ADP	 as
" In that book he dismissed the incident as a " planned experiment ", requested by the ground crew. In subsequent interviews Lovell has acknowledged that the incident was an accident, caused by his mistake. The cruise back to Earth was mostly a time for the	the	DET	crew	NOUN	 crew
Over two decades the archipelago fleet went through several changes caused by the competition between the Hats and the Caps, the dominant political fractions at the time, and because of rivalries between army and navy. With the parliamentary victory of the Hats in the riksdag of 1769	1769	NUM	–	PUNCT	 –
At this point the Qin built a wall around their new territories to defend against the true nomads even further north, incorporating the Wei walls. As a result, an estimated total of 1,775 kilometres (1,103 mi) of Qin walls (including spurts) extended from	from	ADP	southern	ADJ	 southern
As a way of evaluating and testing the acid response of the stomach to various foods, the doctor would swallow sponges tied to a string, then intentionally regurgitate them to analyze the contents. As a result of these experiments, the doctor eventually regurgitated his meals habitually	habitually	ADV	by	ADP	 by
Yield is probably related to body weight, as opposed to milking interval. Brown (1973) gives a venom yield range of 200 – 1000 mg (of dried venom), A range of 200 – 600 mg for specimens 125 – 155 cm in length has	has	AUX	also	ADV	 also
Subsequent authors generally accepted Gill's first revision but not his second, and thus this species became known as Hypoprion hemiodon. In 1985, Jack Garrick followed up on earlier taxonomic work by Leonard Compagno and synonymized Hypoprion with Carcharhinus. Another common name for the Pondicherry shark	shark	NOUN	is	AUX	 is
Dylan's previously unreleased 1967 recording from which the film takes its name was released for the first time on the film's original soundtrack; all other tracks are covers of Dylan songs, specially recorded for the movie by a diverse range of artists, including Sonic Youth	Youth	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
NWOBHM bands had been touring steadily in the United States, but had not yet received enough FM radio airplay there to make a significant impression on American charts. Def Leppard remedied that, releasing Pyromania at the beginning of 1983, an album with a more melodic and	and	CCONJ	FM	PROPN	 FM
" Former teammate Al Rosen said: " Jackie was a college educated man who had been an officer in the service and who played at the Triple A level. Jackie was brought in by Branch Rickey specifically to be the first black player in major league baseball.	.	PUNCT	Larry	PROPN	 Larry
There are no secondary schools in the island. The nearest are Thomas Lord Audley School in Colchester and Thurstable School in Tiptree. The main access to the island is via a causeway known as the Strood, carrying the Mersea – Colchester road (B1025). The	The	DET	road	NOUN	 road
At Seney, M 77 crosses a line of the Canadian National Railway and turns east along M 28. Both run concurrently for less than half a mile (0.8 km) over a crossing of the Fox River before M 77 turns back northward. About 11 miles	miles	NOUN	(	PUNCT	 (
The legislature elected in 1787 cut taxes and placed a moratorium on debts. It also refocused state spending away from interest payments, resulting in a 30% decline in the value of Massachusetts securities as those payments fell in arrears. Vermont, then an unrecognized independent republic	republic	NOUN	that	PRON	 that
Sunderland began the new year with a 1 – 0 away loss to Blackburn Rovers on 1 January. Dean Whitehead had the chance to put Sunderland in the lead, but missed his penalty kick. Minutes later, Blackburn won a penalty of their own; Benni McCarthy	McCarthy	PROPN	converted	VERB	 converted
To bolster his claims, Strang published translations of two purportedly long lost works: the Voree Record, deciphered from three metal plates reportedly unearthed in response to a vision; and the Book of the Law of the Lord, supposedly transcribed from the Plates of Laban mentioned	mentioned	VERB	in	ADP	 in
Private and public port facilities have existed in both cities since the 17th century, with an increase in shipping after the Albany Basin and Erie Canal were built with public funds in 1825. The port's modern name did not come into widespread use until 1925; the	the	DET	current	ADJ	 current
They had to be of the rank of Lieutenant Colonel or Post Captain. The number of Companions was not specified, but they had to have received a medal or been mentioned in despatches since the start of the war in 1803. A list of about 500 names	names	NOUN	was	AUX	 was
Chicago managed to halt the drive at their own 2 yard line, but Vinatieri kicked his third field goal to make the score 22 – 14. Chicago tight end John Gilmore picked up Vinatieri's bouncing kickoff and returned it 9 yards to his own 45 yard line	line	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
" The Getaway " was seen by 54 percent more viewers than the third season finale, " Do You Take Dexter Morgan? ", which aired on December 14, 2008. The high ratings for " The Getaway " gave a boost to the third season finale	finale	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
According to Billboard, from the drumbeat opening of " Addicted to Chaos " to the precise instrumentation of " Train of Consequences ", Megadeth delivered " trademark aggressive rage ' n ' roll to powerful effect ". Billboard noted that even the slower songs such as "	"	PUNCT	A	DET	 A
As part of the resurgence of interest in tap dancing in the 1980s, Sandman Sims served as a cultural ambassador, representing the United States with dance performances around the world. He was featured in the 1989 dance film Tap, along with Sammy Davis Jr., Gregory	Gregory	PROPN	Hines	PROPN	 Hines
Drogba scored the only goal of the game, which marked Arsenal's first league defeat against their opponents in ten years. Chelsea also beat Arsenal away from home and went on to retain the Premier League. Whereas Arsenal's league form was indifferent and the team finished	finished	VERB	fourth	ADJ	 fourth
On 13 July sails appeared to the southeast, Cornwallis assuming they belonged to reinforcements. On investigation, however, this ship proved to be the 40 gun Cybèle and three smaller vessels, carrying supplies and a unit of artillerymen to Pondicherry to reinforce the garrison. On	On	ADP	closing	VERB	 closing
Over the next two months, his average innings pitched declined during his starts, and on several occasions he entered the game in relief. He went winless from June 12 to August 9, when he defeated the Yankees. He recorded just one more victory in 1958	1958	NUM	,	PUNCT	,
Also eliminated were both Lotus and the second Sauber of Ericsson. In Q3, both Mercedes drivers set two consecutive fast laps at the beginning of the session, with Rosberg coming out on top, 0.188s ahead of his teammate. All drivers had problems in improving on	on	ADP	their	PRON	 their
The RF grew dissatisfied with Field during late 1963 and early 1964 because of his failure to win independence on Federal dissolution at the end of 1963. Northern Rhodesia and Nyasaland, by contrast, were both independent under black majority governments within a year, respectively renamed Zambia	Zambia	PROPN	and	CCONJ	 and
These winds brought dry, dust filled air over the bay with mean particulate matter doubling over the region. On April 26, the local Department of Meteorology and Hydrology in Myanmar stated that the Ayeyarwady, Bago Region, and Yangon regions were likely to be affected within	within	ADP	two	NUM	 two
It ended: " The band will continue to make music. " In June, Johnson announced that AC / DC are " very likely " to be on the road again before the end of 2014. In July 2014, AC / DC confirmed that they have	have	AUX	finished	VERB	 finished
The following week, Triple H, Orton and Batista reformed Evolution to take on the Shield. Meanwhile, Stephanie McMahon enticed Kane to return to his masked self; Kane complied and was granted a future title match against Bryan, and proceeded to carry out attacks against	against	ADP	Bryan	PROPN	 Bryan
In the forest in a cottage, a girl named Giselle and her animal friends are making a statue of a prince she dreamed about. Meanwhile, Edward and Nathaniel (Queen Narissa's henchman) successfully capture a troll, (which is a way to prevent Edward	Edward	PROPN	from	ADP	 from
The group's Special Committee on U.S. Route Numbering also approved the creation of a business route for the old highway through town. The bypass opened on October 30, 2013, and the business route designation was put into service that day. Major intersections The entire highway	highway	NOUN	is	AUX	 is
While moving across New England, Gloria was a weakened hurricane that passed quickly through the area. Though still a large hurricane, Gloria hit at low tide, resulting in low to moderate storm surges of 5 feet (1.5 m) in Groton, Connecticut, 6	6	NUM	feet	NOUN	 feet
It is possible that the last common ancestor of the bacteria and archaea was a thermophile, which raises the possibility that lower temperatures are " extreme environments " in archaeal terms, and organisms that live in cooler environments appeared only later. Since the Archaea and Bacteria are	are	AUX	no	ADV	 no
The next day, it is revealed Carvier has also been murdered by the Monstrum. Shortly before his death, Von Croy had been in contact with a French businessman and underworld figure, Louis Bouchard. Lara must track down Bouchard through the almost deserted backstreets of Paris	Paris	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
" I Need a Girl " received positive to mixed reviews, with some critics comparing it to " Can't Help But Wait " and others noting it as generic. The song peaked at 59 on the US Billboard Hot 100 and number 6 on the Hot R	R	PROPN	&	CCONJ	 &
Part one contains a rose garden that allegorically represents potential within human existence. Although the garden does not exist, it is described in realistic manner and is portrayed as an imagined reality. Also, the narrator's statement that words exist in the mind allows this imagined	imagined	VERB	reality	NOUN	 reality
The invasion was executed by one of the largest armies ever assembled by an English king, comprising Anglo Norman cavalry and Welsh archers and laying the foundation for future victories in France. Llywelyn was driven into the mountains, later dying in battle. The Statute of Rhuddlan	Rhuddlan	PROPN	established	VERB	 established
" Radio host Howard Stern also compared the black and white scenes of the special to Madonna: Truth or Dare, adding that when he darts a glance at Lady Gaga, she is occasionally registered in his brain as Madonna. On his show, Stern was also	also	ADV	critical	ADJ	 critical
Thus, Alfvén identified two fundamental prerequisites for effective management of high level radioactive waste: (1) stable geological formations, and (2) stable human institutions over hundreds of thousands of years. As Alfvén suggests, no known human civilization has ever endured for so	so	ADV	long	ADV	 long
As part of the Marlies ' pre season, Reimer competed in the Gardiner Cup, held as part of Scotland's 2009 Homecoming celebrations. He stopped 33 shots in the final as the Marlies lost 3 – 1 to the Hamilton Bulldogs. Back in the AHL,	,	PUNCT	he	PRON	 he
In 597 Pope Gregory sent Augustine as a missionary from Rome to Canterbury where a church was established and run initially by secular canons, then Benedictine monks from the late Saxon period until 1540. The present cathedral church at Canterbury is the seat of the Archbishop of Canterbury	Canterbury	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
Bob, who was himself born in Sweden but grew up in Hinton, Alberta, won four consecutive Stanley Cups between 1980 and 1983. Bob coached his son during his formative years in hockey. Nystrom is Jewish as is his mother, and became a Bar Mitzvah	Mitzvah	PROPN	.	PUNCT	.
Sarawak also derive its electrical energy from coal fired power plant and thermal power station using Liquefied Natural Gas (LNG). The total capacity of the state power generation is expected to reach 7,000 MW by 2025. Beside empowering the state, Sarawak Energy also exports electric	electric	ADJ	to	ADP	 to
The film served as both a sequel and a prequel to the 2012 film Snow White and the Huntsman. She was drawn to the idea of playing a female warrior whose abilities were on par with the male lead, but the film generated negative reviews and performed poorly	poorly	ADV	at	ADP	 at
In 1428, John VI, Duke of Brittany endowed more prebends for the church by donating the adjoining hotel, La Petite Bretagne, on the condition that the canons pray for his family. This increased the number of canons to seven, to be chosen alternately by	by	ADP	the	DET	 the
The club controversially rejoined the First Division in 1919, despite only finishing sixth in 1914 – 15, the last season of competitive football before the First World War had intervened — although an error in the calculation of goal average meant Arsenal had actually finished fifth, an	an	DET	error	NOUN	 error
Dürer expert Matthias Mende described the missing portrait of Barbara Holper as " among the most severe losses in the Dürer oeuvre ". In 1977, art historian Lotte Brand Philip proposed that Unknown Woman in a Coif, held by the Germanisches Nationalmuseum in Nuremberg, was the	the	DET	original	ADJ	 original
The Boston Latin School, established 1635, is the oldest public high school in the US; Boston also operates the United States ' second oldest public high school, and its oldest public elementary school. The system's students are 40% Hispanic or Latino, 35	35	NUM	%	NOUN	%
The book is 15,000 words long and was first published in January 2011 as an electronic book only, priced at USD $4. The Economist noted that the " publishing model is fascinating in its own right ". A hardback version, which Cowen dubbed " the	the	DET	retrogression	NOUN	 retrogression
He further added that R. Kelly's appearance makes the song a " sort of sex jam " and only him has " the hubris and swagger to shout ": " I'm like an anaconda in your garden / Baby girl, I'm explorin ' " in	in	ADP	the	DET	 the
He won his hearing and was awarded a two year, US $4.6 million contract on August 3, 2002, more than doubling his previous year's salary of US $775,000. The following season, Morrison recorded career highs with 25 goals 46 assists and 71	71	NUM	points	NOUN	 points
Between New York and New Jersey, about 225,000 people lost power. High winds and tides from the storm caused the cancellation of ferry service, and forced LaGuardia Airport to temporarily shut down after it was flooded 1 ft (0.30 m) deep. The rains caused	caused	VERB	heavy	ADJ	 heavy
Daoíz entered the Royal School of Artillery at Segovia as a cadet on 10 February 1782 and graduated as an ensign on 9 February 1787. According to his entrance report he had a dark complexion, brown hair, large eyes and a small stature, being less than	than	ADP	five	NUM	 five
Renown was relieved as flagship by Duke of York on 3 April, but became flagship of Force W which was formed to escort carriers carrying fighters to be flown off for Malta in April – May. Renown rejoined Home Fleet once those missions were completed, but was	was	AUX	transferred	VERB	 transferred
Junior quarterback Denard Robinson completed 9 of 14 passes for 170 yards and carried the ball 15 times for 63 yards and a touchdown. He scored his 29th career rushing touchdown on a two yard run midway through the first quarter. Robinson moved to ninth place among Michigan	Michigan	PROPN	's	PART	's
Worldwide, Narnia grossed £463 million, making it the 41st highest grossing film of all time worldwide. That succeeding year he also accepted the principal role of Brian Jackson, a nerdy university student who wins a place on a University Challenge quiz team in the mid	mid	ADJ	1980s	NOUN	 1980s
Several portions of modern NY 38 were originally part of turnpikes and plank roads during the 1800s. On April 13, 1819, the New York State Legislature passed a law incorporating the Cortland and Owego Turnpike Company. The company was tasked with building a highway — the	the	DET	Cortland	PROPN	 Cortland
Again, due to the shortage of buglers in the Marine Corps, his request was denied. Throughout the course of World War II, until his death on Iwo Jima, Cole participated in several battles and campaigns as a machine gunner and was promoted to the rank	rank	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
It was argued that this was a deliberate destruction of streetcars as part of a larger strategy to push the United States into automobile dependency. In United States v. National City Lines, Inc., many were found guilty of antitrust violations. The story has been explored several	several	ADJ	times	NOUN	 times
(born 1958) and Michael (born 1959), to be raised by Ike and Tina. During Ike and Lorraine's divorce trial, Ike sent the four boys to live with Tina at her home. In 1985, Ike accused Tina of bad parenting,	,	PUNCT	even	ADV	 even
From 993 to 1004, the Liao observed the Song as the latter built a ' Great Ditch ' in northern Hebei province from the Taihang Mountains in the west all the way to the Bohai Sea in the east. This was essentially a series of canals meant to	to	PART	block	VERB	 block
For example, a numerical year could be given, or an oral and written assessment may be given. Their principal purpose is to help ease the transition into upper secondary education and help the pupil to choose a course of study. Pupils are awarded a certificate with	with	ADP	their	PRON	 their
" Xxplosive " contains samples of " Bumpy's Lament " performed by Isaac Hayes and interpolates " Ain't No Fun (If the Homies Can't Have None) " performed by Snoop Dogg. " What's the Difference " contains samples of " Parce Que Tu	Tu	PROPN	Crois	PROPN	 Crois
Another common condition that the breed suffers from are impacted anal sacs and the dog may require them to be emptied by a veterinarian. The final common condition that the breed has is heat sensitivity: if Clumber Spaniels are left without shade, they can become uncomfortably hot	hot	ADJ	and	CCONJ	 and
It is similarly unknown how well, if at all, the Oruktor functioned as a steamboat, and Evans's claims on this point vary significantly over the years. Nevertheless, it is known that the invention proved ineffective for its ostensible purpose as a dredger, and	and	CCONJ	it	PRON	 it
MacLachlan also flew Mustangs powered by the Rolls Royce Merlin engine which proved so successful in later variants which flew and fought in the USAAF. MacLachlan visited his old school at Monkton on 29 May 1943 which had pledged £1,000 for the five needed to buy a Spitfire	Spitfire	PROPN	as	ADP	 as
Wade chose to play college basketball for Tom Crean at Marquette University in Milwaukee, Wisconsin. During Wade's freshman year at Marquette, he was ineligible to play with the men's team as he had fallen short of academic standards set by the NCAA's Proposition 48	48	NUM	.	PUNCT	.
From this point of view, it does not really matter whether the kidney be made up of organic tissue, plastic nanotubes or silicon chips: it is the role that it plays and its relations to other organs that define it as a kidney. Non reductionist philosophers	philosophers	NOUN	hold	VERB	 hold
The upper parts are gray to fawn, while the dorsal and lateral areas are cinnamon to rufous (reddish brown). The underparts, rump and the insides of the legs are all white. While markings are visible on the face, there are none on the	the	DET	flanks	NOUN	 flanks
In May 1938, Bush accepted a prestigious appointment as president of the Carnegie Institution of Washington (CIW), which had been founded in Washington, D.C. Also known as the Carnegie Institution for Science, it had an endowment of $33 million, and annually spent	spent	VERB	$	SYM	 $
Justice Thomas also suggested that some directional signs " may be essential, both for vehicles and pedestrians, to guide traffic or to identify hazards and ensure safety ". Therefore, Justice Thomas remanded the case for reconsideration in light of the Court's opinion. Justice Samuel	Samuel	PROPN	Alito	PROPN	 Alito
He saves Amanda, and she follows Tapp until a mysterious figure called Pighead captures her to fake her escape; she is actually Jigsaw's secret apprentice. Tapp is forced to move further into the asylum, where he is captured by Pighead and is placed in the	the	DET	Shotgun	PROPN	 Shotgun
Imagery and words revolving around " coldness, pressure, darkness, crisis, failure, collapse, loss of control " recur in his songs. In 1979, NME journalist Paul Rambali wrote, " The themes of Joy Division's music are sorrowful, painful and sometimes	sometimes	ADV	deeply	ADV	 deeply
Off spinner Ian Johnson was deployed as Australia's makeshift second opener. He was unable to make an impact, as Bedser removed him for one, before Pollard trapped Bradman leg before wicket (lbw) to leave Australia at 2 / 13. The tourists were pinned	pinned	VERB	down	ADP	 down
" Stoffman observed, " one of the youngest target audiences of any animated movie ", as did the Halliwell's staff; film critic Leonard Maltin (in his Movie Guide); and Henry Herx (in his Family Guide to Movies on Video). The	The	DET	1986	NUM	 1986
Pierson was criticised by Committee Chairman Darrell Issa regarding several security breaches. Issa stated, " The fact is, the system broke down... when Oscar Ortega Hernandez successfully shot at the White House on November 2011. " Upon hearing that an agent was unwilling to doubt	doubt	VERB	her	PRON	 her
In Birth by Sleep, Aqua apprentices in the Land of Departure where potential Keyblade Masters study to receive their " Mark of Mastery ". Training alongside Aqua are her friends Terra and Ventus. Aqua takes the Mark of Mastery exam along with Terra and becomes a Keyblade	Keyblade	PROPN	Master	PROPN	 Master
He captained City to a 2 – 1 victory over Portsmouth. As team captain Cowan held primary responsibility for motivating his fellow players and match tactics. This was typical for a captain of his era, as managers of the period were chiefly administrators who had little input	input	NOUN	into	ADP	 into
The same happened with most of McCain's other friends, who were eventually won over by the force of his personality and his frequent expressions of guilt over what had happened. Around the end of 1980, McCain decided to retire from the Navy. He had not	not	PART	been	AUX	 been
By that time, the Black Watch's two highest ranking officers had been killed and command fell to Major Phil Griffin. At 08: 30, he met with 5th Brigade commander, Brigadier General W. J. Megilland. Despite the non arrival of most of their promised	promised	VERB	armoured	ADJ	 armoured
David Beckham opened the scoring for United from a long range shot, but Bergkamp equalised with a shot that deflected off United's centre back Jaap Stam. United captain Roy Keane was red carded for two bookable offences, with his team playing the last thirty minutes of	of	ADP	normal	ADJ	 normal
Other income derived from the sale of rings and brooches, pictures of Eddy, and in 1889 the Mary Baker Eddy souvenir spoon; Eddy asked every Christian Scientist to buy at least one, or a dozen if they could afford to. When the copyright on Science	Science	PROPN	and	CCONJ	 and
Virgin handled all marketing, sales, and distribution; Turner cross promoted. Developers recycled fifty minutes of footage and art from six season one episodes to construct a new story about the Quest family gathering alien artifacts and saving an extraterrestrial from autopsy at The Pentagon. Jeremiah	Jeremiah	PROPN	Surd	PROPN	 Surd
The center was sold to Oxford Capital Partners in 2000. Two years later, the Center completed a $29 million renovation, in order to ameliorate its training operations. The current design implements " living learning modules ", a series of color coded buildings; underground	underground	ADJ	tunnels	NOUN	 tunnels
Except for Harold, all five represented Victoria in baseball. Harvey played his first game aged nine as a wicket keeper in the North Fitzroy Central School team, the average age of which was 14. In a school final, he once made 112 of the total	total	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
He was dating a single mother, Amanda Gardner, who was unaware of his criminal past, and posing as the owner of a home restoration business. He told her he was from a wealthy family, and his silver 2005 Infiniti and " fashionably decorated bungalow "	"	PUNCT	seemed	VERB	 seemed
I knew high heels and makeup weren't my personal style, so I thought... I must be the other kind! " However, Gittings found very little in common with the women she met in the bars, and after witnessing a gay male acquaintance get beaten	beaten	VERB	up	ADP	 up
The inflectional system regularised many irregular inflectional forms, and gradually simplified the system of agreement, making word order less flexible. By the Wycliffe Bible of the 1380s, the passage Matthew 8: 20 was written Foxis han dennes, and briddis of heuene han nestis Here	Here	ADV	the	DET	 the
Despite this, he recognizes the Rutherford government's legacy of province building. Douglas Babcock suggests that Rutherford, while himself honourable, left himself at the mercy of unscrupulous men who ultimately ruined his political career. Bennett, Rutherford's rival and later Prime Minister, concurred	concurred	VERB	with	ADP	 with
These forests are typically covered in rocks and are found in hilly lowland areas up to 800 m (2,600 ft). The white necked rockfowl often lives near flowing streams and rivers so that it has access to wet mud for nest construction. Colonies are typically found	found	VERB	within	ADP	 within
He was a member of a productive acting family that began with his father, John Carradine. Carradine's acting career, which included major and minor roles on stage and television, and in cinema, spanned over four decades. A prolific " B " movie actor	actor	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
In spring 1242, Vatatzes crossed over into Europe at the head of his army, with Theodore accompanying him as an honorary prisoner. Facing no resistance, the Nicaean army and fleet arrived before Thessalonica. The city's garrison and inhabitants resisted with success and the Nicaean	Nicaean	PROPN	army	NOUN	 army
After serving as a transport in North American waters from 1775, she was purchased by the Royal Navy (RN) and modified for shore bombardment duties in 1777. She was instrumental in the eventual British success during the siege of Fort Mifflin that same year and supported	supported	VERB	British	ADJ	 British
A reviewer of Amtix! stated that the visuals were " breathtakingly stunning " and improves on its predecessor. David Kelly of Popular Computing Weekly stated the game was a " little " disappointment due to its similarities to Knight Lore, however he asserted that the graphics were	were	AUX	of	ADP	 of
Phoronis ovalis has two nerve trunks under the skin, whereas other species have one. The trunk (s) have giant axons (nerves that transmit signals very fast) which co ordinate the retraction of the body when danger threatens. Except for retracting the body into	into	ADP	the	DET	 the
Chung dismisses Mulder and publishes the book anyway, which Scully reads in her office. In his book, Chung describes the fates of the various people he interviewed: Roky has moved to California and founded a spiritual cult based on the teachings he believes he received from	from	ADP	Lord	PROPN	 Lord
In the shootout, he stopped four of the five shooters he faced, earning the Canucks their first win of the season. Two nights later, as they began their first road trip, the Canucks played a rematch with the Ducks in Anaheim. Schneider made the	the	DET	start	NOUN	 start
In the film, Sylvester played the role of both Coretta Scott King and the African ambassador Uma King. In 1971, Sylvester was given a one man show, Sylvester Sings, at the Palace Theater, for which he was accompanied by Mintum. He nevertheless remained	remained	VERB	a	DET	 a
In publications subsequent to Aunt Fanny's of 1852, Victorian nicety required editors to routinely and silently alter Southey's " [T] here she sate till the bottom of the chair came out, and down came her's, plump upon the ground " to read	read	VERB	"	PUNCT	 "
The cause of Bessarabia was championed by Arbore, who at the time rejected all notion that the region could ever witness a Russian devolution, and expressed distress that Romanian intellectuals were more interested in the fate of France than in the freedoms of Bessarabian Romanians. Bogdan Pitești	Pitești	PROPN	's	PART	's
She was defeated in the 1940 election. After her defeat, she abandoned Social Credit for the Cooperative Commonwealth Federation, moved to Edmonton, and served for fifteen years as a school trustee. Edith Rogers died in 1985. Born in Eastville, Nova Scotia to Samuel	Samuel	PROPN	G.	PROPN	 G.
" With his win, Carpenter became the first contestant in the worldwide Millionaire franchise to win the show's top prize. He said that the only question that had flustered him was one which asked for the location of the Gunfight at the O.K. Corral. Carpenter eventually	eventually	ADV	remembered	VERB	 remembered
A six day festival, from the first to sixth lunar day of the bright fortnight of the Hindu month of Margashirsha, in honour of Khandoba is celebrated at Jejuri, to commemorate the fight with demons Mani Malla. On the sixth day (Champa Shashthi),	,	PUNCT	Khandoba	PROPN	 Khandoba
She first served behind the bar in 1969 and had been shown to work there for 42 years, as of 2011. There have been brief breaks however, as storylines have led to the character being fired or quitting her post. She was fired by Annie Walker	Walker	PROPN	(	PUNCT	 (
When whipped, women were stripped to the waist, thus being publicly exposed, and whipped until bleeding. Such was the fate of Dyer's Newport neighbor, Herodias Gardiner who had made a perilous journey through a 60 mile wilderness to get to Weymouth in the Massachusetts	Massachusetts	PROPN	colony	NOUN	 colony
A tragicomic character, Dot is known for her devout Christian faith, gossiping, chain smoking, hypochondria, and motherly attitude to those in need. A recurring storyline in the serial has been Dot's continuous forgiveness of her son's villainous crimes. Initially married at	at	ADP	the	DET	 the
Big tracks aside, it's an awfully static record, which gives it the kind of high art " difficulty " that we critics have been known to like. At the end of 2008, New Amerykah Part One was ranked on several critics ' lists of the	the	DET	year	NOUN	 year
Before the yellow fever outbreak, Underwood had been the favorite, but public sentiment had turned in Blackburn's favor after his service to the people of Hickman. Underwood questioned whether Blackburn's medical background had adequately prepared him to be the state's chief executive; he	he	PRON	also	ADV	 also
On September 30, 2008, prior to the start of the 2008 – 09 season, Vancouver Canucks general manager Mike Gillis and head coach Alain Vigneault named Luongo the 12th captain in team history, replacing the departed Markus Näslund. The decision was unconventional, as league	league	NOUN	rules	NOUN	 rules
Twitter had annual growth of 1,382 percent, increasing from 475,000 unique visitors in February 2008 to 7 million in February 2009. In 2009, Twitter had a monthly user retention rate of forty percent. In 2009, Twitter was mainly used by older adults who might not	not	PART	have	AUX	 have
David Bradley of SFX awarded " Blink " five out of five stars, saying that it could have featured any of the previous Doctors and predicted that its " timelessness " would ensure that it would " [go] down as one of the finest, scariest,	,	PUNCT	cleverest	NOUN	 cleverest
He blamed his allegiance shift on the Roosevelt policies that he deemed anti business. He had voted for Landon in 1936, he said, and he felt that the Democrats no longer represented the values he advocated. As he later characterized it, " I did not	not	PART	leave	VERB	 leave
Described as new to science in 1971, it is commonly known as the manzanita bolete for its usual mycorrhizal association with manzanita trees. Its fruit bodies (mushrooms) have sticky reddish to brown caps up to 20 cm (7.9 in), and its stipes are	are	AUX	up	ADV	 up
It is west of Mount Shasta City and Mount Shasta peak. The outlet of the lake drains into Castle Lake Creek, and then into Lake Siskiyou reservoir, part of the headwaters of the Sacramento River. Nearly all of the lake's 47 acres (19 ha	ha	NOUN	)	PUNCT	)
This is a group of companies and interested parties which together have the overall responsibility for the scheme, including Network Rail Infrastructure Ltd, J. Sainsbury Developments Ltd and Quintain Estates and Development (QED). The land was originally owned by British Rail, but passed to	to	ADP	Railtrack	PROPN	 Railtrack
Barber was a kind, modest man, who never believed that his contribution was good enough, even if he had scored a century. On his death, Wisden described him as having " rendered admirable service. " Barber's highest score was 255 against Surrey in	in	ADP	1935	NUM	 1935
He and his wife Elsa returned to Belgium by ship in March, and during the trip they learned that their cottage was raided by the Nazis and his personal sailboat confiscated. Upon landing in Antwerp on 28 March, he immediately went to the German consulate and turned	turned	VERB	in	ADP	 in
He's the person you trust enough to go into a strange world with. " Dennis Hopper — said to be Lynch's third choice — accepted the role, reportedly having exclaimed, " I've got to play Frank! I am Frank! " as Hopper	Hopper	PROPN	confirmed	VERB	 confirmed
Florida strangler figs (Ficus aurea) are common in hammocks, and find particular ease in rooting at the heads of cabbage palms (Sabal palmetto). After taking root into the ground, they build complex frameworks around the host tree, eventually squeezing out light and	and	CCONJ	nutrients	NOUN	 nutrients
V. togata has a single line of suckers on each arm. Chun described the membranes on the arms in detail, stating that " The arms bear dorsal and ventral membranes. The ventral margins are unusually large and extend to the tip of all arms. They are	are	AUX	not	PART	 not
He defused a difficult situation for the CND when it decided to merge its male dominated state and local organizations with the separate Women's Committee into a unified Field Division. Lane headed the Division, leading a board of five men and five women. Lane bitterly opposed	opposed	VERB	what	PRON	 what
In a severely compromised situation, Hernando Pizarro ordered a retreat; under the cover of darkness the Spanish force fled through the Urubamba valley with the Incas in pursuit and reached Cusco the next day. The actual location of the battle is the subject of some controversy.	.	PUNCT	According	VERB	 According
The boy places his hands upon a dying tree, where he envisions the events of how the town became destroyed and dismantled. These scenes include burning flowers, falling construction, and broken religious statues. The second chorus has Hamasaki singing, and the song break shows	shows	VERB	the	DET	 the
At this time the horizontal protection was revised after full scale trials revealed that a 500 kilogram (1,100 lb) bomb would penetrate both a 40 millimeter (1.6 in) upper deck and a 50 millimeter (2.0 in) middle deck to burst on the main armor	armor	NOUN	deck	NOUN	 deck
125 – 144 AD) reign required 100,000 laborers to work for a year under the supervision of the Court Architect. The Colonel Director of Retainers (Sili xiaowei 司隸校尉), also known as Colonel of Censure and Colonel Director of Convict Laborers, was originally called the	the	DET	Director	PROPN	 Director
During her childhood, she also attended gymnastics and voice lessons, and won many state level competitions and children's talent shows. Spears made her local stage debut at age five, singing " What Child Is This? " at her kindergarten graduation. She said about	about	ADP	her	PRON	 her
The remaining slaves were retained as house labor for Margaret. Eventually, Houston became the owner of Bermuda Spring when he and Hatch swapped properties, and he set about to build the Woodland home for his wife. The first child to be born in the house was	was	AUX	Margaret	PROPN	 Margaret
The recording process was tough for both musicians, and their breakup was almost certain considering the deterioration of their relationship. " At that point, I just wanted out, " Simon later said. Their breakup was not intended to be semi permanent: Garfunkel hoped for	for	ADP	a	DET	 a
Over the course of the first season, her character matures and builds friendships with the other outcasts who make up the glee club. Quinn gives birth to a baby girl, Beth, whom she gives up for adoption. In the second season, she forms a	a	DET	bond	NOUN	 bond
In the first four games, Dante is a mercenary, private investigator, and demon hunting vigilante dedicated to exterminating them and other malevolent supernatural foes, a mission he follows in pursuit of those that killed his mother and corrupted his brother. He is the son of	of	ADP	Sparda	PROPN	 Sparda
The two stations were built alongside each other on a site near Cambois in Northumberland, on the northern bank of the River Blyth, between its tidal estuary and the North Sea. The stations took their name from the town of Blyth on the opposite bank of the	the	DET	estuary	ADJ	 estuary
Scholarly interpretations of Vasubandhu's philosophy vary widely, and include phenomenalism, neutral monism and realist phenomenology. The Indian Mahayana schools were divided on the issue of the possibility of reflexive awareness (svasaṃvedana). Dharmakīrti accepted the idea of reflexive awareness as expounded by the Yogacara	Yogacara	PROPN	school	NOUN	 school
In February 2000, a connection between westbound I 270 and westbound US 36 was completed, as was access between I 76 westbound and I 270 westbound. The eastbound section between US 36 and I 76, including new bridges over Washington Street and Clear Creek, was	was	AUX	completed	VERB	 completed
Along with Eric Clapton, there were also musicians whose link with Harrison went back some years, such as Ringo Starr and Billy Preston, and German bassist Klaus Voormann, formerly of Manfred Mann and a friend since the Beatles ' years in Hamburg. Handling much of	of	ADP	the	DET	 the
Patrick unlocks Triton's cell, and the Prince escapes the island. No one anticipates Triton's wrath, Triton destroys Bikini Bottom. Noticing that something is wrong at the Krusty Krab, SpongeBob and Patrick enter the building from the back, discovering the guests and staff	staff	NOUN	locked	VERB	 locked
Otherwise, normal English plurals are sometimes used, with many local variations such as centime in France. All circulating coins have a common side showing the denomination or value, and a map in the background. Due to the linguistic plurality of Europe, the Latin alphabet	alphabet	NOUN	version	NOUN	 version
The class saw service into nationalisation in 1948. All had been withdrawn by 1957, with none preserved. With the impending electrification of the Southern Railway's Central Section (the former LB & SCR lines), the question arose as to what to do with the	the	DET	relatively	ADV	 relatively
In the music video, Fezhead and Skull from the Sega TV advertising campaign appeared along with Sonic. In 2005, former Sega Technical Institute director Roger Hector stated that Sega brought in Michael Jackson to compose music for Sonic 3, but following the allegations of sexual abuse	abuse	NOUN	against	ADP	 against
They took trained Alpine guides and surveyors including Grant Peterkin and Surjan Singh, whose contributions ensured that, unlike numerous other maps the Workmans helped create, their map of the Siachen Glacier remained unchallenged for many years. After their 1908 – 12 trip, the couple stopped	stopped	VERB	exploring	VERB	 exploring
In an attempt to lick it clean he licks off the section that forbids cruel and unusual punishment. Homer is unable to pay the $10,000 repair bill and so Omnitouch installs a cellular transmitter on the roof of his house, with the control equipment in Lisa's	's	PART	room	NOUN	 room
The arches then continue through St. Joseph High Road (Maltese: Triq il Kbira San Ġużepp) in Santa Venera, until they stop at a small tower known as the Tower of St. Joseph. From this tower, water continued its journey to Ħamrun, Blata l	l	NOUN	Bajda	PROPN	 Bajda
It peaked at number 15 on the Hungarian Airplay Chart, and number 20 on the Slovak Airplay Chart. On the Irish Singles Chart, " Turn Up the Music " peaked at number 12 and spent 18 weeks in the chart. In the United Kingdom, the	the	DET	song	NOUN	 song
Tirana was particularly heavily defended, with thousands of bunkers radiating out in fifty concentric circles around the city. The QZ bunker was designed by military engineer Josif Zagali, who served with the Partisans during World War II and trained in the Soviet Union after the war.	.	PUNCT	He	PRON	 He
In August 2007, the MBTA published a feasibility study exploring the possibility of rebuilding Yawkey as a full service station. The study concluded that doing so would increase ridership by 60%, from 585 daily boardings and alightings to 937. On November 15, 2010,	,	PUNCT	Governor	PROPN	 Governor
Prior to this, the disposing of justice had been made difficult by the fact that the Lord Chancellor was required to travel with the King wherever he went. By 1345 the Lord Chancellor began to be seen as the leader of the Court of Chancery, rather than	than	ADP	as	ADP	 as
Homer says to the boys that they should give their father another chance, since he knows Bart loves them. At that point, Bart arrives and apologizes to his sons, admitting how much he treasures them. Touched, the two boys forgive him for not having	having	AUX	included	VERB	 included
Chávez makes an address in which he says it is fine to oppose him, but not the Constitution of Venezuela. The closing titles say Carmona fled to Miami while under house arrest, and that Ortega went into hiding, only reappearing to help lead the opposition after	after	SCONJ	Chávez	PROPN	 Chávez
With about 300 daily flights, the airline flies to 21 destinations domestically, and to 28 internationally. In addition, it has codeshare agreements with a number of airlines for other routes, some of which span to North America. Vietnam Airlines have traditionally increased flights among	among	ADP	Vietnamese	ADJ	 Vietnamese
There he met Dante Gabriel Rossetti and other members of the Pre Raphaelite Brotherhood, who would have a profound influence on Whistler. It was also in London that Whistler met Joanna Heffernan, the model who would become his lover. By 1865, Whistler had already used	used	VERB	her	PRON	 her
In addition, leeches (Placobdella multilineata and P. parasitica) and parasitic flies (Cistudinomyia cistudinis) plague some individuals, causing blood loss and weakness. Their shells offer little protection from predators. The bog turtle's main defense when threatened by an animal is to bury	bury	VERB	itself	PRON	 itself
" Diva " is an R & B and hip hop song, which is composed in a moderate tempo in the key of E major. It carries a stuttering beat, which is accompanied by a slow rolling and heavy bass pumping groove with a jerky rhythm.	.	PUNCT	The	DET	 The
The developers knew that for the story they wanted to " throw the player right in the action, with things he had to do without explanation " in addition to creating a sense of urgency and mystery for the player. They developed an initial draft of the game	game	NOUN	's	PART	's
The original home jersey was white with black and red stripes. The original ' away ' jersey was black, with white and red trim. Shoulder patches used a winged ' S ' ' established MDCCCXCIV ' (1894) logo. The League changed its policies on	on	ADP	coloured	ADJ	 coloured
Their place on the O & AT was taken by two Metropolitan Railway A Class 4 4 0 T locomotives numbered 23 and 41, built by Beyer, Peacock and Company in 1866 and 1869 respectively. The A Class locomotives would alternate in service, each operating the	the	DET	route	NOUN	 route
During the 1970 there were Bombay Bhiwandi riots. During the 1970s, coastal communication increased between Bombay and south western coast of India, after introduction of ships by the London based trade firm Shepherd. These ships facilitated the entry of Goan and Mangalorean Catholics to Bombay.	.	PUNCT	Nehru	PROPN	 Nehru
After Trenchard had retired from the RAF, he worked as a director of the Goodyear Tire and Rubber Company, largely disappearing from public life. However, in March 1931, Ramsay MacDonald asked Trenchard to take the post of Metropolitan Police Commissioner, which after initially declining	declining	VERB	,	PUNCT	,
Three of the four ships were launched in 1915, but it was clear that Russian industry would not be able to complete them during the war, mostly because the turrets were seriously delayed. They were reclassified as 2nd rank projects by the Main Administration of Shipbuilding in	in	ADP	1916	NUM	 1916
Domingo Faustino Sarmiento stated similar views in his Facundo, and noted that cities were more receptive to republican ideas, while rural areas were more resistant to them, which led to the surge of caudillos. Another consequence, also according to Luna, was the dissolution of	of	ADP	the	DET	 the
Redevelopment work was carried out in the area ahead of the 2014 Commonwealth Games, in a scheme dubbed the ' Celtic Triangle '. Since 2005, statues of Brother Walfrid, Jimmy Johnstone and Jock Stein have been erected outside the Main Stand. Celtic have considered the	the	DET	possibility	NOUN	 possibility
Four 12th century structures constructed according to this plan are extant: the Basaveshwara Temple at Basavana Bagevadi, the Ramesvara Temple at Devur and the temples at Ingleshwar and Yevur, all in the vicinity of the Kalyani region, where nagara temples were common. This plan came	came	VERB	into	ADP	 into
In 1943, the Kampfgruppe Auschwitz (Combat Group Auschwitz) was organized with the aim of sending out information about what was happening. Sonderkommandos buried notes in the ground, hoping they would be found by the camp's liberators. The group also took and smuggled out	out	ADP	photographs	NOUN	 photographs
The Indian historian Rajesh Kochhar, noting the East India Company's support for Müller, commented that " Oxford professors may have had their own reasons for their assessment of him, but the Company and the natives both found him very relevant. " Despite his electoral defeat	defeat	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
The derogatory term ' Bomber Mafia ' was used before and after World War II by those in the military who did not share their belief, and who were frustrated by the insistence of the men that the heavy bomber should take a primary position in planning and funding	funding	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
Victoria fit in within the Russian aristocracy and the circle of her mother in law Grand Duchess Maria Pavlovna. As French was frequently spoken in high circles, Victoria never completely mastered the Russian language. Although she was a first cousin of both Nicholas II, on her	her	PRON	mother	NOUN	 mother
In form (1), where an injury does not amount to grievous bodily harm, intent to cause grievous bodily harm (in the advancement of a different cause) must be shown. Practically, the " virtual certainty " clause can not come into force,	,	PUNCT	since	SCONJ	 since
The family hoped that the ranch would be returned after the war, but it was not, and in 1970, the Army announced that it would be kept permanently. The McDonald Ranch House was empty and deteriorating until 1982, when it was stabilized by the Army	Army	PROPN	.	PUNCT	.
In the middle of December, under bad weather conditions, the Nazis launched an offensive in the Ardennes. The Luftwaffe caught many squadrons off guard. No. 410 Squadron enjoyed a number of successes during this period, some of them even on Christmas Day. During	During	ADP	the	DET	 the
By the early 1960s the PKI and other leftist parties had the support of President Sukarno, giving them greater power; PKI membership grew quickly in this period, aided by a hyperinflation and widespread poverty. On 1 October 1965, a group of Indonesian National Armed Forces	Forces	PROPN	members	NOUN	 members
The transition in the puppets ' design has polarised critical opinion and drawn a mixed response from former production staff, although the series has been praised for its inclusion of a multinational, multiethnic puppet cast and its depiction of a utopian future Earth. Having decided to revive	revive	VERB	the	DET	 the
Animals escaped the city's zoo after it was damaged in overnight bombing, and as a result, rhinoceroses, pelicans and flamingoes wandered around the next morning while people were sifting through the rubble. Bono was also inspired by Berlin Zoologischer Garten railway station, also known	known	VERB	as	ADP	 as
" Mr. Monk and the Candidate " was written by Andy Breckman and directed by Dean Parisot. When the episode first aired in the United States on the USA Network on July 12, 2002, it was watched by 4.8 million viewers. The episode was generally well	well	ADV	received	VERB	 received
" strength stones ") (also hakari ishi (秤石, " weighing stones ") or bijuru (Okinawan)) are heavy rocks used at least since the 8th century CE in Japan to develop or demonstrate physical strength. Commonly found within Shinto shrines, they	they	PRON	were	AUX	 were
These powers place the President of the Maryland Senate among the strongest state legislature presiding officers in the country. Once legislation is introduced, it is passed to one of the standing committees of the Senate. There are six such committees. As a whole, the Maryland	Maryland	PROPN	General	PROPN	 General
" Fuse editor Nicole James praised the apparent recurring trend of " how the group isn't afraid to make fun of themselves. " James elaborated: " If it were any other boy band acting out the Monkees inspired hijinks in 1D's new video " Live While	While	SCONJ	We	PRON	 We
It included a call to oriental communities adhering to Miaphysite theology to return to the Catholic Church. Orientales Ecclesias was issued in 1952 and addressed to the Eastern Churches, protesting the continued Stalinist persecution of the Church. Several Apostolic Letters were sent to the bishops in the	the	DET	East	PROPN	 East
According to a reviewer in Choice, the poems in Oh Pray focus on themes of love, insight, and tension. They also focus on " the black condition celebrated triumphant over difficulties ". The reviewer finds some poems uneven, sometimes banal, also best if	if	SCONJ	read	VERB	 read
In June, Copeland created the small role of the Fairy Fleur de farine (Wheat flower) in Ratmansky's The Sleeping Beauty. The same month, she made her debut in Romeo and Juliet on short notice a few days before her scheduled debut performance on June	June	PROPN	20	NUM	 20
Throughout the tournament, the American press labeled him Darth Federer for his all black attire (which included tuxedo striped shorts) and the tournament played The Imperial March from Star Wars when he was announced onto the court for each of his matches. He would close out	out	ADP	the	DET	 the
In October 1896, the CPF fenced off the land from the rest of the park, and announced that it intended to lease the land for building purposes, unless the authorities were willing to purchase the land for £12,000 (about £1.3 million as of 2016	2016	NUM	)	PUNCT	)
Moderate breeze embedded with gusts to 28 mph (44 km / h) brushed Dominica, and 1.25 in (32 mm) of rain fell at Canefield Airport within 24 hours of Cindy's passage. Further south, a weather station in Saint Lucia recorded 1.88 in	in	ADP	(	PUNCT	 (
Aiming to disrupt the Dutch right, Verdugo then charged ahead of Frate's Albanian company and that of Baron de Bievres. The Dutch horse, disorganized by the musketry fire, could not resist Verdugo's rush and turned back, breaking the order, in turn,	,	PUNCT	of	ADP	 of
She thereafter went to German East Africa, where she was stationed until 1898. She returned to Germany briefly for a modernization in 1898 – 1899, before being assigned to the South Seas Station in German New Guinea. During her tour in the Pacific, she participated	participated	VERB	in	ADP	 in
She followed that up with a second 78 on Friday for 156 (+ 16) and missed the cut by seven strokes. She then walked the course as a fan that Sunday. She scheduled an appearance in the July U.S. Women's Amateur Public Links in DuPont	DuPont	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
There was a change of direction with the fourth advert which appeared on 14 August 1993, reading: " ABANDON ALL ART NOW. Major rethink in progress. Await further announcements. " The next ad (28 August 1993) read: " It has come to	to	ADP	our	PRON	 our
As in all oryzomyines, the squamosal bone lacks a suspensory process that contacts the tegmen tympani, the roof of the tympanic cavity, but Lundomys is unusual in that the squamosal and the tegmen tympani usually overlap when viewed from the side. In the mandible, the	the	DET	angular	ADJ	 angular
Buffalo supplanted the New York Knicks as Boston's closest competitor in the Atlantic foursome with 49 wins and 33 losses. Buffalo boasted high scoring super star Bob McAdoo, who posted a 34.5 scoring average to lead the NBA, while making more field goals than any other	other	ADJ	player	NOUN	 player
This mission had a crew of five, with three mission specialists. It was the second mission (after STS 7) to fly with a crew of five, the largest carried by a single spacecraft up to that date. The crew was historically notable for the	the	DET	participation	NOUN	 participation
Before the Taylor report and the era of all seater stadiums in Britain, both the North Bank and Clock End consisted of terracing, and the stadium often saw crowds of up to 60,000 or more; its largest attendance was 73,295 on 9 March 1935 when Arsenal played	played	VERB	Sunderland	PROPN	 Sunderland
On 8 September 2012, Minogue headlined at the Proms in the Park event in Hyde Park, London, to promote her orchestral compilation album The Abbey Road Sessions. At the event, she sang the orchestral version of " All the Lovers ", which was included	included	VERB	as	ADP	 as
One departure rumor became reality when defensive line coach Jackie Shipp resigned to take the same position at the University of Oklahoma. Shipp's departure left the Crimson Tide without a defensive line coach, and Alabama head coach Mike DuBose filled the vacancy for the Music City Bowl	Bowl	PROPN	.	PUNCT	.
The embassy remained two months in Acapulco and entered Mexico City on 24 March, where it was received with great ceremony. The ultimate mission for the embassy was to go on to Europe. The embassy spent some time in Mexico, and then went to Veracruz to	to	PART	board	VERB	 board
During its seven year history, awards were presented to Charles M. Brotman for Slack Key Guitar: Volume 2, producers Daniel Ho, Paul Konwiser and Wayne Wong for Masters of Hawaiian Slack Key Guitar: Volume One, the same production team plus George Kahumoku, Jr.	Jr.	PROPN	for	ADP	 for
As Very later explained, " I felt within me a new will... it was not a feeling of my own but a sensible will that was not my own... These two consciousnesses, as I may call them, continued with me ". In August 1837	1837	NUM	,	PUNCT	,
Sir Charles Williams of Monmouthshire, south Wales, paid £200 towards the final bill of £211. The architectural historian Giles Worsley has described the chapel's east window as an instance of Gothic Revival architecture, rather than Gothic Survival, since a choice was made	made	VERB	to	PART	 to
Although Pearl Jam vocalist Eddie Vedder, who was raised in Evanston, Illinois and later San Diego County, California, is closely associated with Seattle grunge music, he has been a lifelong Chicago Cubs fan. He has performed the song " Take Me Out to the	the	DET	Ball	PROPN	 Ball
After being sentenced to death, he escaped from prison and disappeared for years. According to a St. Thomas resident, on February 12, 1825 the pirates retaliated by setting fire to a town on the island. That week, the Neptune captured a Danish schooner belonging	belonging	VERB	to	ADP	 to
As a brigadier general, Capper was first made deputy inspector of the lines of communication before being given the post of Chief Engineer to the Third Corps. In July 1915 he was promoted to major general and made chief engineer of the British Third Army. In October	October	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
Landis's courtroom, room 627 in the Chicago Federal Building, was ornate and featured two murals; one of King John conceding Magna Carta, the other of Moses about to smash the tablets of the Ten Commandments. The mahogany and marble chamber was, according to	to	ADP	Landis	PROPN	 Landis
Imperial General Headquarters decided to resume attacks on Allied bombers from late June, but by this time there were too few fighters available for this change of tactics to have any effect. The number of fighters assigned to the Air General Army peaked at just over 500 during	during	ADP	June	PROPN	 June
Monaco: What's Yours Is Mine received positive reception from critics, garnering " generally favorable reviews " for both the PC and Xbox 360 release. The Xbox 360 release sold poorly. Andy Schatz believed this was due to the weak demo, the delayed release and	and	CCONJ	the	DET	 the
I needed to be rejected, and I needed to learn that it's part of the game... I can have 100 rejections, but I'm sure there's going to be one particular thing that is almost destined for me to have. " In 2007,	,	PUNCT	Pinto	PROPN	 Pinto
From the first appearance of calcium – aluminium rich inclusions (the first solid matter in the Solar System, forming about 4.567 billion years ago), a likely time line is as follows: Vesta is the only known intact asteroid that has been resurfaced in this manner	manner	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
The Brazilian constitution of 1988 called for a general vote on the restoration of the monarchy, which was held in 1993. The royalists went to the polls divided, with the press indicating there were actually two princes aspiring to the Brazilian throne (Dom Luiz de Orleans	Orleans	PROPN	e	NOUN	 e
Construction of Mirabeau began on 8 May 1906 by the Arsenal de Lorient and the ship was laid down on 4 May 1908. She was launched on 28 October 1909 and was completed on 1 August 1911. Mirabeau, together with four of her sisters, participated in	in	ADP	a	DET	 a
" She sings " Make You Feel My Love ". Later in the episode, she states that Finn was her person and that they were always going to be together. Later in the season, it is revealed that she got a tattoo of Finn's name	name	NOUN	(	PUNCT	 (
In early 1994, Ranariddh established the Cambodian Development Council (CDC) to encourage foreign investment, and served as its chairperson. The Malaysian Prime Minister, Mahathir Mohamad, supported Ranariddh's plans, and encouraged Malaysian businessmen to invest and assist in developing the tourism,	,	PUNCT	infrastructural	ADJ	 infrastructural
This was true to his convictions of the time, during a phase in his career where he was convinced in the plausibility of guild socialism. (Sledd 1994; Russell 1918) Russell, a famous logician and epistemologist, had many side interests in history, politics	politics	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
Jake Long was nominated for Rookie of the Week in the tenth week of the 2008 season, but lost out to Broncos WR Eddie Royal. Other players who were nominated for rookie of the week that same week were Matt Ryan, Benjarvus Green Ellis, and Joe	Joe	PROPN	Flacco	PROPN	 Flacco
The discovery of the minigame caused California State Assemblyman Leland Yee to rebuke both Rockstar and the ESRB, arguing that the ESRB was not doing its job properly. US Senators Hillary Clinton and Joe Lieberman also expressed their disapproval. Rockstar initially claimed that the minigame was created	created	VERB	by	ADP	 by
At 8: 30pm that night, the men of the Imperial Guards Division began the crossing from Johor in special armoured landing crafts, collapsible boats and by swimming. In the early hours of 10 February, Japanese forces suffered their heaviest losses during the Battle of Singapore	Singapore	PROPN	.	PUNCT	.
For many years, Boletus pinophilus was considered a subspecies or form of the porcini mushroom B. edulis. In 2008, B. pinophilus in western North America were reclassified as a new species, Boletus rex veris. Boletus pinophilus is edible, and may be preserved and cooked	cooked	VERB	.	PUNCT	.
There may be 6 – 8 orange, brown, or blackish variably shaped saddles along the back and tail, edged more or less obviously in black. There may also be white spots within or within and between the saddles. The range of the dark shyshark is	is	AUX	restricted	VERB	 restricted
is the eighth studio album by the English rock band Echo & the Bunnymen. The album saw the departure of bassist Les Pattinson from the group, partly due to disagreements with vocalist Ian McCulloch; McCulloch and the remaining band member, guitarist Will Sergeant, subsequently recorded	recorded	VERB	the	DET	 the
(Levett's settlement also failed, and the fate of Weston's men is uncertain.) Due to the fighting at Wessagusset, Plymouth trade with the Indians was devastated for years. Local tribes which had previously been favorable to Plymouth, began to forge bonds with	with	ADP	other	ADJ	 other
For much of their rule, the city was desolate in the Mamluk period between the 13th and 16th centuries. Information from this period is scarce. During Mamluk rule in the 14th century, al Idrisi wrote that Haifa served as the port for Tiberias and featured a	a	DET	"	PUNCT	 "
These quickly broke, and Vanderwatt referred Pistorius to American prosthetist and Paralympic sprinter Brian Frasure to be fitted for carbon fibre blades by Icelandic company Össur. Pistorius ' participation in able bodied international sprinting competitions in 2007 raised questions about his use of running blades, and the	the	DET	IAAF	PROPN	 IAAF
The amount of solar radiation reaching the ground, as well as the formation of cloud droplets occur on the molecular scale, and so they must be parameterized before they can be included in the model. Atmospheric drag produced by mountains must also be parameterized, as the	the	DET	limitations	NOUN	 limitations
Robert Grosvenor, 1st Baron Ebury, whose Watford and Rickmansworth Railway had opened in 1862, proposed extensions from Rickmansworth to Chesham and Aylesbury, but failed to attract funding and abandoned the scheme. To the north of Chesham, the London and North Western Railway (LNWR	LNWR	PROPN	)	PUNCT	)
Since the boy's maternal grandfather was also named Edward, from early childhood he was called by his middle name, Gough, which in turn had come from his paternal grandfather, who had been named after the British soldier Field Marshal Hugh Gough, 1st Viscount Gough	Gough	PROPN	.	PUNCT	.
While comparing the prices of the domestic beers, we found that Pabst was cheapest at $33 per keg. The club gained popularity, and Pabst became the drink of choice. On Tuesdays, Pabst was sold at the full price of $1.75, but there	there	PRON	was	VERB	 was
The first Life of Guthlac, written by the monk Felix, appeared soon after Guthlac's death. Nothing is known about Felix, although Bertram Colgrave has observed that he was a good scholar who evidently had access to works by Bede and Aldhelm, to a Life	Life	PROPN	of	ADP	 of
In order to reach Vaslui, where the Moldavian army had its main camp, they needed to cross Podul Înalt over the Bârlad River. The bridge was made of wood and not suitable for heavy transportation of troops. Stephen chose that area for the battle – the	the	DET	same	ADJ	 same
Hakim is also a documentary filmmaker. She has made a documentary on the Indonesian UNESCO World Heritage Sites, and in 2011 produced a documentary on autism to " educate the public " that was released to coincide with World Autism Awareness Day. As of May 2011,	,	PUNCT	she	PRON	 she
Meanwhile, a deputation from the Roman Senate met with the rulers and renewed its infrequent contact with the imperial office. The emperors would not meet again until 303. Following Maximian's failure to invade in 289, an uneasy truce with Carausius began. Maximian tolerated Carausius	Carausius	PROPN	'	PART	 '
During this time, she became involved with liberal Democratic politics and " fell in with a literary set of young writers and editors who gathered at the West Side apartment of Partisan Review editor William Phillips ". Some of this " notable group " included Jason Epstein and	and	CCONJ	Norman	PROPN	 Norman
In contrast, Cochise County Sheriff Johnny Behan was generally sympathetic to the interests of the rural ranchers and Cowboys. In that time and region, the term cowboy generally meant an outlaw. Legitimate cowmen were referred to as cattle herders or ranchers. Many of the supporting	supporting	VERB	facts	NOUN	 facts
Under section 27A (1) of the Miscellaneous Offences (Public Order and Nuisance) Act, it is an offence to appears nude in a public place, or in a private place and is exposed to public view. The penalty is a fine not exceeding $	$	SYM	2,000	NUM	2,000
After their surrender, Caesar sent the Helvetii home, according them the status of foederati or Roman allies, but not yet (as has previously been believed) fully subjugating them to Roman sovereignty. Caesar's policy aimed at controlling the territory west of the Jura and	and	CCONJ	Rhine	PROPN	 Rhine
In October 2014, media reports indicated that Israel's deferment or cancelling of its V 22 procurement due to budget restraints and changing policies. In December 2014, the Letter of Agreement offering a $400 million discount and early delivery formally expired, the Defense Minister having	having	AUX	decided	VERB	 decided
Coke was very proud of his actions in this case and later described it in his Reports as " an excellent point of learning in actions of slander ". The next year he was elected Reader of Lyon's Inn for three years, something surprising considering his young	young	ADJ	age	NOUN	 age
The bed was once the king's personal bed and was kept inside the Phra Thinang Phiman Rattaya; however once it was no longer used it was transferred to the Dusit Maha Prasat Throne Hall. The bed is in the form of a high platform with many layers	layers	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
Another actinium isotope (225Ac) was transiently present in the neptunium series decay chain, beginning with 237Np (or 233U) and ending with thallium (205Tl) and near stable bismuth (209Bi), but this chain existed only in the early Solar System, due	due	ADP	to	ADP	 to
Observations on subsequent nights showed that the positions of these " stars " relative to Jupiter were changing in a way that would have been inexplicable if they had really been fixed stars. On 10 January, Galileo noted that one of them had disappeared, an observation which	which	PRON	he	PRON	 he
In August 2009, VH1 Classic aired music videos from the TV special Around The Beatles (1964), Help! (1965), and a music video of the " Birthday " gameplay footage, promoting the launch of The Beatles Rock Band online store. This	This	DET	store	NOUN	 store
The Joshua Tree became the fastest selling album in British chart history, and topped the Billboard 200 in the United States for nine consecutive weeks. The first two singles, " With or Without You " and " I Still Haven't Found What I'm Looking For	For	ADP	"	PUNCT	 "
A small explosive plant was established at Los Alamos known as Site S, as it was a former sawmill. Groves was appalled at the work practices and safety at Site S, and considered it only a matter of time before it blew up. On Parsons '	'	PART	recommendation	NOUN	 recommendation
The WordD released the single, " You're Gon na Make Me ", and also recorded several unissued songs such as " Today is Tomorrow's Yesterday ". The Penthouse 5, from Oak Cliff, a suburb od Dallas, recorded twp singles beginning with "	"	PUNCT	Bad	PROPN	 Bad
The marriage was a great surprise and the Earl of Essex complained that it was an " unhappy choice ". In the face of tittle tattle that had reached even France, Lady Leicester — she continued to be styled thus — explained her choice with being a defenceless	defenceless	ADJ	widow	NOUN	 widow
The next Spica character is Yaya Nanto, a rebellious girl who is Hikari's best friend and roommate in the dormitory. In the anime, she is very much enamored with Hikari, but Hikari sees her as a friend; in the manga, Yaya is not	not	PART	a	DET	 a
The first official Keeper of the Register was William J. Murtagh, an architectural historian. During the Register's earliest years in the late 1960s and early 1970s, organization was lax and SHPOs were small, understaffed, and underfunded. However, funds were still being supplied	supplied	VERB	for	ADP	 for
Notable differences include the redesigned upper dashboard portion and restyled centre console, plus the substitution of the Australian Camry's hand operated parking brake with a foot operated equivalent (as shared with the Camry for Japan and North America). The reasoning behind this component sharing strategy	strategy	NOUN	was	AUX	 was
The union's next tactic, in November 1989, was to disclaim any interest in representing NFL players in collective bargaining and to reform itself as a professional organization. Having done that, individual players, led by Freeman McNeil of the New York Jets, brought a	a	DET	new	ADJ	 new
All volumes cover a total of 5131 pages, with texts on various subjects written by 918 contributors. Its primary goal was to inform the Greek speaking public within the Ottoman Empire and in the diaspora. Moreover, in favouring the views of Adamantios Korais it reflected the	the	DET	style	NOUN	 style
A few hours later Grahame White was made aware of Paulhan's departure, and immediately set off in pursuit. The next morning, after an unprecedented night time take off, he almost caught up with Paulhan, but his aeroplane was overweight and he was forced to	to	PART	concede	VERB	 concede
Amnesty International reports that in 2009 in Croatia there was an increase in the number of physical attacks and murders of journalists. The incidents were mainly perpetrated against journalists investigating war crimes and organised crime. As of October 2011, there are nine nationwide free to air DVB	DVB	PROPN	T	NOUN	 T
Other critics cited Guerrero's simple, inventive style and sound for the album as one of its better qualities. Bill Campbell of Ink 19 called the album an " exemplary album... 100% soul ". He also commended Guerrero's musicality, " he constructs heartfelt	heartfelt	ADJ	music	NOUN	 music
Expressing the dissatisfaction in their lives, Puck, Finn, Terri, customer Sandy Ryerson (Stephen Tobolowsky), and employee Howard Bamboo (Kent Avenido) perform " Loser " in a dream sequence. Terri finds that Finn reminds her of Will, and befriends him	him	PRON	,	PUNCT	,
Set between the events of Halo 2 and Halo 3, players take control of elite human soldiers called Orbital Drop Shock Troopers (ODST). The game was released on September 22, 2009. Announced at E3 2009, Halo: Reach is a prequel to the	the	DET	main	ADJ	 main
Former Powderfinger member, Fanning worked on his second solo album Departures during late 2012 in Los Angeles with Joe Chiccarelli producing. It was released in June the following year and peaked at No. 1 on the ARIA Albums Chart. Middleton had relocated to Melbourne and worked	worked	VERB	with	ADP	 with
He credited Kucan with " taking ragtag group of people who had no business in front of a camera and making something reasonably good. " To replace the spice from Dune II, the team introduced Tiberium, which was inspired by the 1957 B movie The Monolith Monsters	Monsters	PROPN	.	PUNCT	.
The immune system protects organisms from infection with layered defenses of increasing specificity. In simple terms, physical barriers prevent pathogens such as bacteria and viruses from entering the organism. If a pathogen breaches these barriers, the innate immune system provides an immediate, but non specific	specific	ADJ	response	NOUN	 response
Given joined Middlesbrough on a one month loan deal on 28 November 2013 as cover for the injured Jason Steele. Given's initial one month loan deal was extended to the end of February 2014 and ultimately, he made his last appearance for Middlesbrough on 22 February,	,	PUNCT	in	ADP	 in
According to the New York State Police, the site is legal for use as a repair stop or for emergencies. However, not for use of dropping people off for fishing, which is also illegal to fish from atop the bridge, except it is around and	and	CCONJ	under	ADP	 under
The linear wind speeds at this level are about 100 ± 10 m / s at lower than 50° latitude. They are retrograde in the sense that they blow in the direction of the retrograde rotation of the planet. The winds quickly decrease towards the higher latitudes	latitudes	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
His decision to take his protege Conley (whom Redding and Walden had contracted directly to Atco / Atlantic Records rather than to Stax / Volt) on the tour, instead of more established Stax / Volt artists such as Rufus Thomas and William Bell, produced negative reactions	reactions	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
For example, the Ravnica block format consists of Ravnica: City of Guilds, Guildpact, and Dissension. Only cards that were printed in one of the sets in the appropriate block can be used in these formats. Standard, formerly known as Type 2, contains	contains	VERB	the	DET	 the
He is the recipient of six Laurence Olivier Awards, a Tony Award, a Golden Globe Award, a Screen Actors Guild Award, a BIF Award, two Saturn Awards, four Drama Desk Awards and two Critics ' Choice Awards. He has also received two Academy	Academy	PROPN	Award	PROPN	 Award
The rioters broke through the security presence and invaded the pitch again. The leader of the demonstrators ran up to Compton and said: " Mr Compton, you very good player, but you must stop ". In later years, Miller would quote this remark whenever	whenever	SCONJ	Compton	PROPN	 Compton
Two days later, two additional demonstrators were killed in Warsaw. On July 22, 1983, martial law was lifted, and amnesty was granted to many imprisoned Solidarity members, who were released. On October 5, Wałęsa was awarded the Nobel Peace Prize. The	The	DET	Polish	ADJ	 Polish
However, he did remove scenes which he felt " didn't fit ", or did not match the PG 13 rating the filmmakers were targeting. In post production, Universal decided to film a new scene for the ending that would feature a reunion between Stiller and	and	CCONJ	Murphy	PROPN	 Murphy
On his first day for filming series three, Penry Jones participated in a fight scene in the middle of the first episode. He felt a little wary replacing Matthew Macfadyen. After two months of filming, Penry Jones began to feel more at ease with the role	role	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
During Cope's 35 year broadcasting career with the Steelers — the longest term with a single team in NFL history — he was accompanied by only two play by play announcers: the late Jack Fleming, with whom he broadcast until 1994, followed by Bill Hillgrove,	,	PUNCT	who	PRON	 who
From 2006 to 2008, they played in every French Open and Wimbledon final. They then met in the 2009 Australian Open final and the 2011 French Open final. Nadal won six of the eight, losing the first two Wimbledon finals. Three of these finals were	were	AUX	five	NUM	 five
This editing also provided some lighter moments. One of Jeffery's assistants recalled, " Hendrix played me a tape and prefaced it by saying it represented the new direction in his music. He had made up this long loop of tape of the portions edited out of	of	ADP	'	PUNCT	 '
The legal case resulted in considerable publicity for Hammerton, culminating in the release of the song " The Ferry to Fairyland " celebrating the case. (" Fairyland ", in this case, referring to Marble Hill House, recently purchased by the London County Council for	for	ADP	public	ADJ	 public
Its nearly flat summit was formed as a result of cone building eruptions from separated vents. Air travelers flying the busy routes above the area sometimes confuse Mount Adams with nearby Mount Rainier, which has a similar flat topped shape. The Pacific Crest Trail traverses the western	western	ADJ	flank	NOUN	 flank
The group searching for recognition, began playing at various small venues locally around Ohio. The Troutman family had long standing friendships with Ohio natives Phelps " Catfish " Collins and William Earl " Bootsy " Collins, who had both been involved with Parliament Funkadelic in the early	early	ADJ	1970s	NOUN	 1970s
According to some feminist writers, Hutchinson may have been persecuted because, in preaching, she was stepping beyond the gender role then considered appropriate for a woman. Some historians suggest that she fell victim to contemporary mores surrounding the role of women in Puritan society. Hutchinson	Hutchinson	PROPN	spoke	VERB	 spoke
As of January 2013, the majority of foreign workers held on death row in Saudi Arabia come from Indonesia. These conditions have sparked condemnation both inside and outside of Saudi Arabia. In 2002, Grand Mufti Abdul Azeez ibn Abdullaah Aal ash Shaikh argued that Islam required	required	VERB	employers	NOUN	 employers
On its page the administrator stated that after hearing about the threat, his wife and children left to the United States for security reasons. He also asked his visitors to refrain from using their personal Facebook or Twitter accounts when uploading information to the page since that could	could	AUX	put	VERB	 put
By its own unaided force and effect, it abolished slavery and established universal freedom. Still, legislation may be necessary and proper to meet all the various cases and circumstances to be affected by it, and to prescribe proper modes of redress for its violation in letter	letter	NOUN	or	CCONJ	 or
Noades claimed he was reported out of context, an allegation rejected by the programmes makers, and his comments stunned Palace's many black players. Ian Wright left the club soon after, transferring to Arsenal for £2.5million. Palace finished tenth in the First Division,	,	PUNCT	losing	VERB	 losing
Although kings and marquesses enjoyed many privileges, the imperial court was at times aggressive towards them to check their power. Starting with Emperor Gaozu's reign, thousands of noble families, including those from the royal houses of Qi, Chu, Yan, Zhao, Han	Han	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
Much of the action scenes were shot in front of a green screen. A 1983 Yak 52 was used throughout the film by Jovovich and Larter. Stunt pilot Martin Mattes was dressed like Jovovich and flew the plane for the camera. The 3D cameras were unable to	to	PART	pick	VERB	 pick
Although Barber indicated that the decision of the commission to represent the statue without its pedestal represented progress toward the point where he might engrave dies, " I learned in New York that the work of the sculptor must be submitted to a committee in Paris who will have	have	VERB	entire	ADJ	 entire
" To meet Cardus's requirements, the players were sometimes " enlarged ", notably Emmott Robinson, the veteran Yorkshire all rounder of the 1920s who through Cardus's pen became " the apotheosis of Yorkshire cricket and Yorkshire character ". In the 1930s, Cardus's	's	PART	style	NOUN	 style
In 1998, the journal African Primates published three papers by primatologists on the false potto. Colin Groves affirmed that it was probably distinct from the potto and Simon Bearder cited it as an example of unrecognized taxonomic diversity in lorisids, but Esteban Sarmiento compared the new taxon	taxon	NOUN	to	ADP	 to
According to Mills, " [if] we could prove to [Ralph Winter] that we needed something to get the shot done, then we'd have it. " The makeup lab employed a staff of 25 and produced over 300 prosthetics, from Klingon foreheads	foreheads	NOUN	to	ADP	 to
Screenwriter Barney Cohen felt Jarvis would become a substitute for Jason, but the idea was never fully developed in A New Beginning. Director and co screenwriter Danny Steinmann disliked the idea of Jason not being the killer, but decided to use Tommy's fear of Jason as	as	ADP	the	DET	 the
With the return of all three line mate and new rules designed to increase offensive chances the Canucks entered the year with high hopes. Despite this, Naslund and Morrison's point production again decreased from their last NHL season. Bertuzzi point total increased, however, he	he	PRON	played	VERB	 played
Like many other communities in Anglesey, and elsewhere in medieval Wales, Llanllibio's population decreased substantially during the Middle Ages, and the settlement effectively disappeared. Communities such as Llanllibio were affected by the Black Death, the destruction resulting from the revolt of Owen Glyndwr,	,	PUNCT	by	ADP	 by
The route departs westward from Camphin en Pévèle along the rue de Cysoing towards Camphin de l ' Arbre. The first half is a series of corners, then along irregular pavé towards Luchin. The second half finishes at the Café de l ' Arbre restaurant and has	has	VERB	more	ADJ	 more
However, the upper surface is approximately level. The front faces of these platforms are about 1.7 metres (5.6 ft) above the hillside, and they have ditches in front of them to improve their defence. In a letter to Warre, Atkins theorised that the	the	DET	structures	NOUN	 structures
He had purchased a substantial number of shares in the United States Realty Company, which had built New York's Plaza Hotel and was able to design his own 16 room apartment at the Plaza. Gates died in Paris, France on August 9, 1911, following	following	VERB	an	DET	 an
Peter Mahovlich then scored a critical goal while Canada was short handed, deking out the Soviet defender one on one, then Tretiak, to give Canada a two goal lead. His brother Frank then finished the scoring on a feed from Mikita, who had circled around	around	ADP	a	DET	 a
After farming failures in Queensland and on the Murrumbidgee River near Wagga Wagga, his father Richard moved to a small 20 acre (8.1 ha) property in Lake Albert, where he supplemented his farm income working as a drover and shearing overseer. Blamey acquired the bush	bush	PROPN	skills	NOUN	 skills
By far, China has the largest production with 120,000 tonnes mined per year; it is followed by the US (about 5,000 tonnes) and India (2,700 tonnes). Samarium is usually sold as oxide, which at the price of about 30 USD / kg	kg	PROPN	is	AUX	 is
To help meet the housing needs for the factory's many employees, 184 houses were built nearby. In 1896, 443 workers at the plant lived in Hartford City, especially on the south side. Assuming each local worker had a family of five, over one	one	NUM	third	NOUN	 third
In attendance was Winston Churchill, General Wilson, General Alexander, Admiral of the Fleet Sir Andrew Cunningham and Major General Walter Bedell Smith. Devers wondered why such a high level conference was required for what he saw as a simple military decision, but noted in his	his	PRON	diary	NOUN	 diary
" The game was published by Acclaim Entertainment and released in North America in March 1992 and in Europe on January 21, 1993. The Pickford brothers included a couple of easter egg references. One of them revolved around the name of one of the tavern keepers,	,	PUNCT	Newton	PROPN	 Newton
Maurice Binder created the title sequence and introduced the gun barrel motif that appears in all the Eon Bond films. Monty Norman wrote the accompanying soundtrack, which included the " James Bond Theme ", heard in the gun barrel sequence and in a calypso medley over the	the	DET	title	NOUN	 title
AllMusic gave the record a five star review, praising the record's disco tinged funk and mainstream pop blend, along with Jackson's songwriting and Jones ' crafty production. The publication believed, " [Off the Wall] is an enormously fresh record, one that	that	PRON	remains	VERB	 remains
In developing the story O'Bannon had focused on writing the Alien first, putting off developing the characters for a later draft. He and Shusett had therefore written all of the roles as generic male ones with a note in the script explicitly stating " The crew is unisex	unisex	NOUN	and	CCONJ	 and
Although the Loons were afforded respect as principal peace chiefs, this status was not permanent. The Cranes, led in Buffalo's time by his sub chief Tagwagane, maintained that they were the hereditary chiefs. They said the Loons ' status as spokesmen hinged upon recognition	recognition	NOUN	by	ADP	 by
But it kind of reminds me of praying [in] that it continues to have the impact, and does have the impact, of when Kanye West did ' Jesus Walks. ' I think I got one here. " " Say Yes " was leaked onto	onto	ADP	the	DET	 the
" Along with producer Swizz Beatz, No I.D. and Nas related to the latter's lyrics concerning divorce during the recording sessions. During the sessions, Nas recorded the song " No Such Thing as White Jesus " with singer Frank Ocean and producer Hit Boy, who	who	PRON	misplaced	VERB	 misplaced
Reynolds ' first electronic accounting service was introduced in 1963. Its parts inventory software product, called Electronic Parts Inventory Control (EPIC), was released in beta in 1966. It was renamed upon full release the following year as RAPIC. This was followed by the	the	DET	accounting	NOUN	 accounting
River Oaks Park includes the Pumpkin Carriage, intended to evoke Cinderella's carriage. Around 2003 Friends of River Oaks Parks had restored the carriage. The Houston Business Journal said " Pumpkin Park provides outstanding resources for neighborhood children – a wonderful playground, community center and the	the	DET	Summer	PROPN	 Summer
Theophanes reports that the Arabs broke their promise and enslaved the entire population, which was deported to the Caliphate, but no other source confirms this. After looting the town, the Arabs razed it to the ground. The chroniclers report that after sacking Tyana, Abbas	Abbas	PROPN	and	CCONJ	 and
Wyatt saw the shooting and pistol whipped Brocius, knocking him unconscious, and arrested him. Wyatt later told his biographer John Flood that he thought Brocius was still armed at the time, and didn't see Brocius ' pistol on the ground. Brocius waived the preliminary	preliminary	ADJ	hearing	NOUN	 hearing
During the siege, Edmund Wyndham and Blake exchanged letters; Wyndham initially wrote to explain that he felt the siege was a gentle method of attack, rather than using " fire and sword ". He offered generous terms for surrender, and signed the letter " Your	Your	PRON	well	ADV	 well
The vimana is a Rekha deula (a tall building with a shape of sugarloaf), 60 feet (18 m) in height and in shape of 15 feet (4.6 m) square. It stands on a 2 feet (0.61 m) platform, which	which	PRON	is	AUX	 is
During this portion of the battle, the ship was hit once, on the starboard No. 4 gun, which killed two men and badly injured another. Her intervention prevented the British from sinking the torpedo boats V1 and S13. By 10: 00, Stettin	Stettin	PROPN	had	VERB	 had
This specimen was 6.4 m (21 ft) long and had a body mass estimated at 3,324 kg (7,328 lb). However, later studies also revealed that this particular specimen was actually around 4.9 m (16 ft) in length, a specimen in the	the	DET	average	ADJ	 average
In 1932 – 33, McCabe made his breakthrough at international level in the First Test of the infamous Bodyline series, scoring an unbeaten 187 at the Sydney Cricket Ground in only four hours as his teammates fell around him. McCabe attacked the bowling vigorously, hooking relentlessly	relentlessly	ADV	.	PUNCT	.
The Parthian Empire had no standing army, yet were able to quickly recruit troops in the event of local crises. There was a permanent armed guard attached to the person of the king, comprising nobles, serfs and mercenaries, but this royal retinue was small.	.	PUNCT	Garrisons	NOUN	 Garrisons
This was the Buccaneers ' sixth come from behind win of the season and they finished with a 4 0 road record against division opponents. After Neil O'Donoghue's fourth quarter field goal, Dewey Selmon forced a Detroit fumble that was recovered by Dana Nafziger at the Lions	Lions	PROPN	'	PART	 '
Lo performed the song several occasions, including on Swedish radio station P3, at the Norwegian by: Larm festival and at Notting Hill Arts Club in London. " Out of Mind " is a pop song written by Tove Lo alongside Alx Reuterskiöld and produced by The	The	DET	Struts	PROPN	 Struts
Another problem exists for the juvenile salmon headed downstream to the ocean. Previously, this journey would have taken two to three weeks. With river currents slowed by the dams, and the Columbia converted from wild river to a series of slackwater pools, the journey can	can	AUX	take	VERB	 take
The episode's teleplay was written by co executive producer David H. Goodman based on a story by executive story editors and scientists Glen Whitman and Robert Chiappetta. It was Goodman's fifth contribution to the series and Whitman and Chiappetta's first. The episode was directed by	by	ADP	Norberto	PROPN	 Norberto
When the uranium ore is rich in such minerals as dolomite, magnesite, etc., those minerals consume much acid. In this case, the carbonate method is used for uranium extraction. Its main component is an aqueous solution of sodium carbonate, which converts uranium	uranium	NOUN	into	ADP	 into
Having secured the accession of the princely states, the Government of India between 1948 and 1950 turned to the task of welding the states and the former British provinces into one polity under a single republican constitution. The first step in this process, carried out between 1947	1947	NUM	and	CCONJ	 and
But the difference between a good film and real life is that in real life there's the next day, the next year, the next lifetime to contemplate the ruinous consequences of easy applause. " In 2004, Grant reprised his role as Daniel Cleaver for a	a	DET	small	ADJ	 small
The original broadcast of " Entrada " occurred on December 2, 2010 in the United States. According to Nielsen ratings, it was watched by an estimated 5.13 million viewers, earning a 3.2 / 5 share among all households and a 1.8 / 5 share among viewers	viewers	NOUN	aged	VERB	 aged
Komori was appointed the commander of all Japanese forces in the Arawe area, which were subsequently designated the Komori Force. The 1st Battalion, 141st Infantry Regiment landed at the village of Omoi on the night of 18 December, and started overland the next day to link	link	VERB	up	ADP	 up
Despite many requests for clemency, all appeals were denied, and Williams was executed in 1913. The case was one of the first investigations in Britain to use the emerging science of ballistics. On 9 October 1912, the driver of a horse drawn carriage noticed a	a	DET	man	NOUN	 man
Mahan shot down four but took three direct kamikaze hits, as David Sears observed in At War With the Wind (2008), "... the most calamitous [being] a direct hit to the superstructure near the No. 2 gun. " Exploding and awash	awash	VERB	in	ADP	 in
The dominant costs of solar power plants are the capital cost, and therefore any associated financing and depreciation. Though operating costs are typically relatively low, especially as no fuel is required, most operators will want to ensure that adequate operation and maintenance cover is available to	to	PART	maximise	VERB	 maximise
Another project combining the T 34 tank chassis with the D 15 gun was also considered. Designated SU D15, the medium assault gun was intended as a replacement for the SU 122. Although the project received a lot of support from the authorities it never entered production	production	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
Weighting of the 2001 Census data gives a figure of 154,791 people with Cornish ethnicity living in Cornwall. The Cornish have been described as " a special case " in England, with an " ethnic rather than regional identity ". Structural changes to the politics of the	the	DET	United	PROPN	 United
It was designed to provide a by pass for traffic from the M4 to the Vale of Glamorgan. It is 5.47 km (3.40 mi) in length and includes the Ely Viaduct close to Michaelston super Ely. The trunk road is maintained by the South Wales Trunk	Trunk	PROPN	Road	PROPN	 Road
The exhibition hosts screens playing back scenes from films such as 1912's In Nacht und Eis and 1997's Titanic. Titanic memorabilia collected include Steiff " mourning bears ", beers from the Titanic Brewery, jigsaw puzzles and many other such kitsch that SeaCity scoured the internet	internet	NOUN	to	PART	 to
During inhalation, the external intercostal muscles expand the ribs, allowing the animal to take in more air, while the ischiopubis muscle causes the hips to swing downwards and push the belly outward, and the diaphragmaticus pulls the liver back. When exhaling, the internal intercostal	intercostal	ADJ	muscles	NOUN	 muscles
" They were inseparable for much of the rest of Beiderbecke's career, with Trumbauer acting as a father figure to Beiderbecke. When Trumbauer organized a band for an extended run at the Arcadia Ballroom in St. Louis, Beiderbecke joined him. There he also played alongside	alongside	ADP	the	DET	 the
A priority was the establishment of a restaurant, which would not only augment the estate's income, but also encourage people to spend more time at Belton, and travel greater distances to visit. Though the house, its contents and outbuildings were in an adequate state	state	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
To add to their difficulties, in most unions they were obliged to pay out of their own pockets for any drugs, dressings or other medical supplies needed to treat their patients. A second major wave of workhouse construction began in the mid 1860s, the result of	of	ADP	a	DET	 a
At the end of 2006, Sports Illustrated magazine estimated Vick's annual income between his NFL salary and endorsements at $25.4 million, ranking him just below NASCAR's Dale Earnhardt, Jr. in a listing of highest earning athletes. Vick's finances suffered, however,	,	PUNCT	from	ADP	 from
As his streak continued deeper into the 21st season, Jennings was inching closer and closer to Olmstead's record. Jennings topped Olmstead's Millionaire winnings with his 65th consecutive win, finishing the day with $45,099 and a new cumulative total of $2,197,000, while Olmstead	Olmstead	PROPN	's	PART	's
Hammill subsequently announced that the band would be continuing as a trio, for live and studio work, without Jackson. He later stated that the reason for Jackson's departure was that he " seemed to have difficulty in understanding what we had mutually agreed " and that	that	SCONJ	he	PRON	 he
The gnomes give Rip some magic schnapps to drink, and under its influence he goes to sleep for 20 years. When he awakes, he is an old man and in ragged clothes. His dog is dead, and his rifle has rusted away. He makes	makes	VERB	his	PRON	 his
As in humans, the dorsal nerve distribution was unique in being devoid of nerves at the 12 o ' clock position in the penis and clitoris of the spotted hyena " and that " [d] orsal nerves of the penis / clitoris in humans and male spotted	spotted	VERB	hyenas	NOUN	 hyenas
In 1998, Q placed Rumours at number three — behind The Clash's London Calling and Pink Floyd's The Dark Side of the Moon — in its list of 50 Best Albums of the 70s. In 1999, Vibe featured it as one of 100 Essential Albums	Albums	PROPN	of	ADP	 of
Rip currents from Nate and the more distant Maria killed one and injured another in New Jersey; several others were caught in rip currents, though they were able to escape. In the Carolinas, Nate also contributed to heightened seas, though this time in combination with	with	ADP	Hurricane	PROPN	 Hurricane
988 – 1012). The town was described by Jerusalemite geographer al Muqaddasi in the late 10th century as being the center of the Euphrates district, located on the edge of the desert, having a semi circular layout and being defended by a strong fortress. He	He	PRON	also	ADV	 also
Only some of my clothes are by designers. " She did, however, wear the custom work of some well known talents, notably Geoffrey Beene, at the suggestion of Clara Treyz, her personal shopper. Many fashion observers concluded that Pat Nixon did not greatly	greatly	ADV	advance	VERB	 advance
" In 1874, the House of Keys moved to the Court House in Douglas, and five years later, into their current home, the Old Bank of Mona building also in Douglas. After being vacated by the Keys, the building was purchased by Dumbell's	's	PART	Bank	PROPN	 Bank
In October, she was a featured speaker for Wayland Baptist University. Bush was keynote speaker at the Go Red for Women Summit in Austin in February 2016, an event designed to promote both financing and awareness for women fighting heart disease. In March, Bush attended	attended	VERB	the	DET	 the
" More than a Woman " and " I Care 4 U " were released as posthumous singles and peaked within the top 25 of the Billboard Hot 100. The album was certified double Platinum by the RIAA and sold 2.95 million copies in the United States. "	"	PUNCT	More	ADJ	 More
The mine is in mountains that are part of a salt range, a mineral rich mountain system extending about 200 km from the Jhelum river south of Pothohar Plateau to where the Jhelum river joins the Indus river. Khewra mine is about 288 meters (945 feet)	)	PUNCT	above	ADP	 above
The EP was made available as a free download and also saw a limited CD release, bundled with remix album Phantom Phorce. Lead track " Slow Life " appeared on the 2003 album Phantom Power and was originally composed as a purely electronic song by keyboardist Cian Ciaran	Ciaran	PROPN	several	ADJ	 several
The Stoney Littleton Long Barrow stands on a limestone ridge overlooking Wellow Brook and the village of Wellow. It is constructed from stone, including Blue Lias and Forest Marble quarried within an 8 kilometres (5.0 mi) radius. It is about 30 metres (98 ft	ft	NOUN	)	PUNCT	)
The stronger the upper trough picking up the tropical cyclone, the more significant the left of track shift in the rainfall distribution tends to be. Moist air forced up the slopes of coastal hills and mountain chains can lead to much heavier rainfall than in the coastal plain	plain	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
The siblings played with rudimentary equipment; a lump of wood was substituted for a bat and cork wrapped in socks improvised as cricket balls. The boys settled their differences in the traditional manner of boxing bouts, and they took their primary education at a Catholic convent staffed	staffed	VERB	by	ADP	 by
This totaled 18.32 million viewers. The episode had the third highest ratings of the third season. " Grotesque " received mostly positive reviews from critics. Reviewer Todd VanDerWerff of The A.V. Club gave the episode an A − and noted that while the episode is " ponderous	ponderous	ADJ	and	CCONJ	 and
Along the Eastern Shore of Virginia, Isabel produced sustained winds reaching 50 mph (80 km / h) with gusts to 62 mph (100 km / h) at Wallops Island. Higher unofficial gusts were recorded, including a peak reading of 71 mph (114	114	NUM	km	NOUN	 km
There was, however, also a third award, the Medal of Courage, meant to recognize acts of gallantry. This latter decoration fell in rank between the other two levels, but was anomalous within the Order of Canada, being a separate award of a different	different	ADJ	nature	NOUN	 nature
It was led by the United States with the support of the United Kingdom and Canada. From 1942 to 1946, the project was under the direction of Major General Leslie Groves of the U.S. Army Corps of Engineers; physicist J. Robert Oppenheimer was the director of the	the	DET	Los	PROPN	 Los
Chase and Aykroyd explain that during the Cold War, the Soviet Union turned dozens of American citizens into sleeper agents who would fall into a trance and do the bidding of the KGB upon hearing the phrase, " Gosh, that Italian family at the next table sure	sure	ADJ	is	AUX	 is
Retiring from the stage during World War II, Bosse considered moving back to Norway's capital Oslo, the home of her childhood and youth. Both her children had settled there. The move was delayed for ten years, during which she travelled whenever possible, and	and	CCONJ	when	SCONJ	 when
He was admittedly frustrated with Vigneault's defensive coaching style. Furthermore, since Bertuzzi's departure in the summer of 2006, Vigneault placed Näslund on inconsistent line combinations, often with career minor leaguers. While he did not rule out the possibility of returning to Vancouver,	,	PUNCT	he	PRON	 he
Washington replied, " That's what I done [sic] " and quietly apologized. The lead prosecutor addressed the courtroom and declared that the trial had been conducted fairly, prompting an ovation from the crowd. The jury was then sent to deliberate. After four	four	NUM	minutes	NOUN	 minutes
Shunari was ordered to seize the Lexicon Tirtur junction. He sent the tank company ahead first, which initially reported no Egyptian units. Shunari dispatched an infantry unit in six half tracks to the junction. Upon reaching it, they discovered that the tank company had already	already	ADV	been	AUX	 been
They do so, much to the satisfaction of Glade and Sears. " Frank H. Crane Violet Heming Alphonse Ethier The writer of the scenario is unknown, but it was most likely Lloyd Lonergan. He was an experienced newspaperman employed by The New York Evening World while	while	SCONJ	writing	VERB	 writing
Some Machiavellian hand may be at work in this new game of international politics and the British Admiralty is suspected. But every statesmen and naval student may make his own guess. On the other side of the Atlantic, in the midst of the Anglo – German naval	naval	ADJ	arms	NOUN	 arms
This type of headache is referred to as " sentinel headache ", because it is presumed to result from a small leak (a " warning leak ") from an aneurysm. A sentinel headache still warrants investigations with CT scan and lumbar puncture, as further bleeding	bleeding	NOUN	may	AUX	 may
During recording, Cleese and Baker also recorded two short comedy skits for the BBC Christmas tape. City of Death director Michael Hayes had previously directed the Doctor Who serials The Androids of Tara (1978) and The Armageddon Factor (1979). He also had experience	experience	NOUN	filming	VERB	 filming
In December 2005, he was named team captain as part of the Wild's monthly rotating captaincy (he was then succeeded by Brian Rolston in February 2006). At the 2005 – 06 NHL trade deadline, Mitchell was traded away to the Dallas Stars as a	a	DET	rental	ADJ	 rental
Quwatli did not believe the armies of Syria and the Arab world were ready to successfully confront Jewish forces and as war drew near in early 1948, he petitioned Abdel Rahman Azzam, head of the Arab League, to not enter Arab armies into Palestine. Instead,	,	PUNCT	Quwatli	PROPN	 Quwatli
As team captain at the 1992 Barcelona Olympics, he was noted for helping his teammates understand everything that was going on around them. His athleticism and personal courage have been praised by those who know him, such as Michael Page, chef d' equipe for the	the	DET	1986	NUM	 1986
The chief of police reveals himself as Ushi oni and starts eating the humans trapped in the shelter. Sagisaka sacrifices himself to push his daughter away from Ushi oni's attack. Otoha confronts and, in a climatic sequence, his conviction resurrects his Yurine, which restores	restores	VERB	Otoha	PROPN	 Otoha
Put in position the next day, it started lobbing shells at the fort. Montgomery then began planning the placement of a second battery. While he first wanted to place one to the northwest of the fort, his staff convinced him instead to place on the eastern	eastern	ADJ	shore	NOUN	 shore
Two days later, while returning to the UK, Fearless collided with the trawler Flying Wing and was repaired at the Barclay Curle shipyard in Scotstoun between 10 August and 11 October. On 30 October she was involved in another collision with SS Lanark at Greenock that fractured	fractured	VERB	her	PRON	 her
Familism, the theology of the Family of Love, involved one's perfect union with God under the Holy Spirit, coupled with freedom from both sin, and the responsibility for it. Antinomianism, or being freed from moral law under the covenant of grace, was	was	AUX	a	DET	 a
His death was officially ruled as a suicide. The band headed back into the studio to record their fourth studio album in 2011, during the recording they worked with five different producers Steve Lillywhite, Damian Taylor, Brendan O'Brien, Stuart Price and Daniel Lanois. In	In	ADP	June	PROPN	 June
On 17 April 1998, the U.S. Army reactivated the " 172nd Infantry Brigade (Separate) " and reflagged the 1st Brigade, 6th Infantry Division as that unit was headquartered at Fort Wainwright, Alaska. Two years later, the 173rd Airborne Brigade was reactivated on 12	12	NUM	June	PROPN	 June
" The game was also planned to have branching paths and upgrades to find throughout. Maverick Hunter was going to build upon the mythology and feature characters from the original Mega Man X titles. Capcom Japan was responsible for the design of key story points and twists while	while	SCONJ	the	DET	 the
She never saw Ishara again; the latter joined the " Coalition ", one of the factions on the planet before Tasha left. Tasha refused to join the cadres on the planet, blaming them for her parent's deaths. Yar appeared for the first time in	in	ADP	the	DET	 the
Furious was detached from the 1st CS and ordered to sweep along the 56th parallel as far as 4° East and to return before dark. The other two ships were not initially ordered to sea, but were sent to reinforce the 2nd Light Cruiser Squadron patrolling the	the	DET	central	ADJ	 central
During season 5 of 30 Rock, he appeared as guest star in the role of Liz Lemon's boyfriend in the episodes " I Do Do ", " The Fabian Strategy ", " Live Show ", and " Double edged Sword ". Damon's 2010	2010	NUM	projects	NOUN	 projects
Alvin Kersh (James Pickens, Jr.) sends Doggett to the Gulf to investigate, but Mulder is already present when Doggett arrives. The agents meet Taylor, who claims de la Cruz tried to blow up the platform. Meanwhile, Dana Scully finds black oil in	in	ADP	de	X	 de
The video was produced by Ridley and Tony Scott's RSA Films. The musical director was Paul Mirkovich. On April 17, 2012, T Mobile launched a rebranded ad campaign that included broadcast and cable TV, Hulu, YouTube and mobile as well as print.	.	PUNCT	In	ADP	 In
The game is acknowledged for having boosted the sales of PlayStation consoles and popularizing Japanese role playing video games outside Japan. It is widely considered to be one of the greatest games of all time. The game's popularity has led to a series of prequels and sequels	sequels	NOUN	under	ADP	 under
It's a very sexy record, but it's fun. It's [got] great melodies; it's catchy; the beat knocks. It's so many different elements to it. " When asked how is he satisfied with Rihanna's vocals and his	his	PRON	prediction	NOUN	 prediction
From 1971 through to the late 1980s, Australian directors began to take advantage of the newly introduced R rating which allowed more on screen nudity, sex and violence for audiences restricted to age 18 and over. " Ozploitation " — writer director Mark Hartley's own portmanteau	portmanteau	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
In this case the sample is often usable. Shells from both marine and land organisms consist almost entirely of calcium carbonate, either as aragonite or as calcite, or some mixture of the two. Calcium carbonate is very susceptible to dissolving and recrystallizing; the recrystallized material	material	NOUN	will	AUX	 will
Presidents could be used by the national government to influence, or even rig, elections, although to be effective the president had to rely on provincial and local politicians who belonged to his own political party. This interdependency created a complex relationship which was based upon exchanges	exchanges	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
Its futility was predicted by the charge's commander, Lt. Gen. James Longstreet, and it was arguably an avoidable mistake from which the Southern war effort never fully recovered militarily or psychologically. The farthest point reached by the attack has been referred to as the high	high	ADJ	water	NOUN	 water
Beyoncé took inspiration from Solange, who helped in the writing process of the song, and former Destiny's Child band mates Kelly Rowland and Michelle Williams. In " Get Me Bodied ", she mentioned " three best friends " because she was thinking of them while	while	SCONJ	writing	VERB	 writing
There is some cycle storage available. The station is managed by Great Western Railway, who also operate all rail services from the station. As of the May 2016 timetable, the basic service from Monday to Friday consists of one train in each direction per hour between	between	ADP	Bristol	PROPN	 Bristol
When asked whether she wanted to work with anyone on the composition, she suggested Suzuki and Sekito. The general instruction was to follow the pattern used by the music for Parasite Eve, with Suzuki and Sekito handling the majority of tracks, going so far as referring	referring	VERB	to	ADP	 to
On 19 December 1778, the Queen gave birth to a daughter, who was named Marie Thérèse Charlotte de France and given the honorific title Madame Royale. The birth of a girl came as a relief to the Count of Provence, who kept his position as heir	heir	NOUN	to	ADP	 to
It was followed three years later with Mis Teeq's " Scandalous ", which peaked at No. 35 on the Hot 100 and No. two in the United Kingdom. In the spring of 2005, Eriksen and Hermansen settled in New York. Initially, their	their	PRON	work	NOUN	 work
Ventura soon offered Geldray a job and in 1937 Geldray moved to Paris. While in Paris, he went to the Hot Club de France and played with jazz guitarist Django Reinhardt, a musician about whom Geldray asserts, " I can honestly say that I have never	never	ADV	heard	VERB	 heard
Since these passengers are sometimes depicted as dismounting they may be taken to represent the apobatai, participants in the ceremonial race found in Attica and Boeotia. By N42 and S89 the equestrian parade is at an end, and the following 16 figures on the north and 18	18	NUM	on	ADP	 on
There is capacity for 15,000 spectators. For the Olympics, a 5 km (3.1 mi) long loop was added, which ran around the village to the neighboring village of Saint Bon and back. Roads were crossed on wooden bridges and underpasses. The loop involved	involved	VERB	an	DET	 an
Kirkland's stepfather was a lieutenant in World War II and was injured while in combat. Cooder was modeled after David Mirkin, the showrunner of seasons five and six and co writer and the executive producer of two episodes in the ninth season. Spud's head shape	shape	NOUN	is	AUX	 is
" There are dissenters to the praise. The writer Alan Bennett thinks that " inspired though his language is, I can never take more than ten pages of the novels at a time, their relentless flippancy wearing and tedious ", while the literary critic F.R. Leavis	Leavis	PROPN	writes	VERB	 writes
Instead he spent much of his time reading works by Wells, Carl Jung, and Samuel Butler, and working on Man and his Past. Crawford remained in the camp for seven months, until the declaration of armistice, at which he returned to Britain and was	was	AUX	demobilised	VERB	 demobilised
The town's clergymen and the principal of the Romney Classical Institute were the only non members who were extended privileges to the library. The 1849 " catalogue " listed Alfred P. White as the society's librarian and E. J. Meany remained the principal of the institute.	.	PUNCT	After	ADP	 After
Along the border of Mount Pleasant Township and Bloomsburg, Fishing Creek picks up Little Fishing Creek at a distance of 3.86 miles (6.21 km) upstream of its mouth before turning south and paralleling the western border of Bloomsburg. As it flows between Bloomsburg and Fernville,	,	PUNCT	it	PRON	 it
But can a virtuous man hesitate in his choice? " A group of hunters on the frontier named their campsite Lexington when they heard news of the battle in June. It eventually became the city of Lexington, Kentucky. It was important to the early American government	government	NOUN	that	SCONJ	 that
The most commonly used cylinder valve type is the single outlet plain valve, sometimes known as a " K " valve, which allows connection of a single regulator, and has no reserve function. It simply opens to allow gas flow, or closes to shut it	it	PRON	off	ADP	 off
" Smith held most of the British politicians he dealt with in extremely low esteem, considering them to have pushed him and his country into an impossible position where, he asserted in 1970, the decision to take unilateral action was " forced upon us ". In	In	ADP	his	PRON	 his
As Virchow was uncertain of the etiology of the white blood cell excess, he used the purely descriptive term " leukemia " (Greek: " white blood ") to refer to the condition. Further advances in the understanding of acute myeloid leukemia occurred rapidly with the	the	DET	development	NOUN	 development
Academic debate over the Commission's value has been strong. On the one hand, William Holdsworth wrote that the Commission was riven by strife between its lawyerly members and those of a more radical nature, and that its proposals were sometimes extreme. Other academics argued that	that	SCONJ	the	DET	 the
Its performance aided its parent album in becoming her breakthrough record, which eventually attained platinum certifications in Brazil, Colombia, and the United States. Its accompanying music video depicts Shakira performing the track, where she is often pictured with her guitar. A Portuguese language translation	translation	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
Analysis of her visions is problematic since the main source of information on this topic is the condemnation trial transcript in which she defied customary courtroom procedure about a witness ' oath and specifically refused to answer every question about her visions. She complained that a standard witness oath	oath	NOUN	would	AUX	 would
The dinosaur show itself, Sitting with Dinosaurs, is based on the live Walking with Dinosaurs show. In addition to literature, the episode spoofs the Ocean's Trilogy, a film series about a group of criminals that heist casinos. Selman revealed to Entertainment Weekly in	in	ADP	January	PROPN	 January
" Operation: Sleeper " was rated as a 7.5, as was " Buried Secrets ". " Room 23 " got an 8 and was described as " definitely the type of new content that we are looking for. It's something that won't be missed	missed	VERB	by	ADP	 by
At the same time, the 1st and 2nd Regiments of the NK 9th Division, in their first offensive of the war, stood only a few miles short of Yongsan after a successful river crossing and penetration of the American line. Division commander Major General Pak Kyo	Kyo	PROPN	Sam	PROPN	 Sam
" Nation of Ulysses published a zine called " Ulysses Speaks, " which was an extension of their ideology expressed in their music and liner notes. The zines espoused what they referred to as " The Ulysses Aesthetic, " which was a mix of 1960s and 1970s	1970s	NUM	radical	ADJ	 radical
After completion in mid 1863, the ship patrolled the Mississippi River against Confederate raids and ambushes as part of Rear Admiral David Porter's Mississippi Squadron. Osage participated in the Red River Campaign in March – May 1864, during which she supported the capture of Fort DeRussy	DeRussy	PROPN	in	ADP	 in
NY 36 turns northwest here, following NY 63 along Main Street for two blocks before returning west on Ossian Street. The highway turns again just six blocks later to follow Dock and Franklin streets northwest toward Dansville Municipal Airport. Ossian Street, meanwhile, continues west as	as	ADP	NY	PROPN	 NY
In November of the same year they were back in church for the baptism of their firstborn child. The marriage did not begin well. Quiney had recently impregnated another woman, Margaret Wheeler, who died in childbirth along with her child; both were buried on 15	15	NUM	March	PROPN	 March
In a letter to Stern and FBI director Robert Mueller, Thomas said that Donaghy's conduct may have violated Arizona criminal law, and could face charges there. Per the United States Supreme Court's decision in Ponzi v. Fessenden, federal plea bargains have no standing regarding	regarding	VERB	state	NOUN	 state
Finally, the airborne forces lacked a single, coherent policy, with no clear idea as to how they should be organised, or whether they should come under the command of the Army or the RAF; inter organizational rivalry between the War Office and the Air Ministry	Ministry	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
A " Fear Kratos " version of the bust was also produced (100 units) that year, based on the Fear Kratos costume from God of War III. In 2015, Sony again partnered with Gaming Heads to produce a limited edition (1,250 units) lunging	lunging	VERB	Kratos	PROPN	 Kratos
In 2000 Q magazine placed Quadrophenia at # 56 in its list of the 100 Greatest British Albums Ever. The album has been ranked # 267 on Rolling Stone magazine's list of the 500 greatest albums of all time. Townshend now considers Quadrophenia to be the last	last	ADJ	great	ADJ	 great
However, the services sought different characteristics in their aircraft – the RAF desired a single seat fighter with secondary intercept capability, while the Royal Navy wanted a two seat interceptor capable of secondary low level strike capability. Although financially and politically committed to a joint requirement with	with	ADP	the	DET	 the
The lumber industry grew rapidly, replacing furs as the key economic resource. Grain production began to develop late during this time as an emerging economic basis as well. Saw mills, and later grain mills, around Fort Snelling and Saint Anthony Falls in east central Minnesota	Minnesota	PROPN	became	VERB	 became
On 15 June Disraeli tabled the Metropolis Local Management Amendment Bill, a proposed amendment to the 1855 Act; in the opening debate he called the Thames " a Stygian pool, reeking with ineffable and intolerable horrors ". The Bill put the responsibility to clear up the	the	DET	Thames	PROPN	 Thames
When Bounty returned to Tahiti, on 22 September, the welcome was much less effusive than previously. The Tahitians had learned from the crew of a visiting British ship that the story of Cook and Bligh founding a settlement in Aitutaki was a fabrication, and that Cook	Cook	PROPN	had	AUX	 had
Hurlbut received a bachelor's degree from Emerson College, where he majored in film and television. He graduated from Emerson College in 1986. Hurlbut moved to Los Angeles in 1987, where he began work in film as a driver, key grip, and gaffer,	,	PUNCT	before	ADP	 before
Bobby Brown – lead vocals, songwriting, co production Gene Griffin – songwriting, mixing, co production Teddy Riley – background vocals, keyboards, mixing Dennis Mitchell – engineering, mixing, recording Jim Hanneman – engineering, mixing, recording Markell Riley – drum programming Aaron	Aaron	PROPN	Hall	PROPN	 Hall
In 1922 he wrote a primer on cricket titled The Art of Cricket published by Methuen & Co, London. In July 1913 he married Aileen O'Donnell, the daughter of a wealthy Irish Australian pastoralist with large land holdings in the Riverina region of New South Wales.	.	PUNCT	The	DET	 The
One month later, the French patrol vessel Jupiter I was mined off Calais. These were the last two ships credited to mines from UB 12 for the next fourteen months. UB 12's activities over the next year are not well documented, and no specific record	record	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
Sauber's Mika Salo was fifth quickest, ahead of Fisichella. Trulli, Heidfeld, Ralf Schumacher and Frentzen followed in the top ten. The weather remained dry and hot for the Saturday morning practice sessions. Coulthard set the fastest time of the third practice session,	,	PUNCT	a	DET	 a
President Grant said of the amendment that it " completes the greatest civil change and constitutes the most important event that has occurred since the nation came to life ". Many Republicans felt that with the amendment's passage, black Americans no longer needed federal protection; congressman	congressman	NOUN	and	CCONJ	 and
At its eastern terminus, Highway 409 crosses Kipling Avenue and merges onto Highway 401 express and collector lanes, while the westbound collector lanes diverge and become the westbound lanes of Highway 409. Plans for Highway 409, originally known as the Belfield Expressway, were first presented	presented	VERB	in	ADP	 in
Gutowski finds evidence of what he calls the " protofestival " pattern throughout the United States. In addition to the jackalope, his examples include the sea serpent of Nantucket, which in 1937 led to " stories of armadas hunting the monster, and footprint discoveries by local	local	ADJ	businessmen	NOUN	 businessmen
Modern researchers determined that the system developed on September 25 about 220 miles (350 km) east of Guadeloupe. For most of its duration, the system maintained a northwest track, reaching hurricane status on September 27. Later that day, a barometric pressure of 977	977	NUM	mbar	NOUN	 mbar
He also assisted Gillain with the setting up of Totale Journal, a publication he would later work for again upon his return from America. Mézières had been fascinated by the American Old West since he was a little boy through exposure to Western genre films starring the likes	likes	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
Show runner Mike Reiss said he will always remember it as the episode " that came back animated with a thousand mistakes in it and was just a complete and utter mess. " Reardon said there was " literally a mistake in every other scene " when the episode	episode	NOUN	came	VERB	 came
Although suffering a rupture of his cruciate ligament, which kept him off the field for almost six months, Kahn made his debut match for the German national team two months after his return. Bayern defeated Bordeaux 3 – 1 in the 1996 UEFA Cup Final. In	In	ADP	the	DET	 the
He attended The King's School, Canterbury, from 1769, where he was such a good student that he received an exhibition scholarship on his matriculation at Corpus Christi College, Oxford, in March 1781. At the time there were only two awards at Oxford:	:	PUNCT	the	DET	 the
As champions of the Football League, Burnley qualified for the Charity Shield, then known as the Dewar Shield. Burnley's opponents were Tottenham Hotspur, who had finished sixth in the First Division and beaten Wolverhampton Wanderers in the FA Cup final. In what was the	the	DET	last	ADJ	 last
Aigrettes, as the plumes were called in the millinery business, sold in 1915 for $32 an ounce, also the price of gold. Millinery was a $17 million a year industry that motivated plume harvesters to lie in wait at the nests of egrets and	and	CCONJ	other	ADJ	 other
On December 8, 1863, Anton Holter (who later became a Montana Power Company executive and had Holter Dam named for him), who was taking oxen to sell in Virginia City, survived an attempted robbery and murder. When road agents George Ives and Aleck	Aleck	PROPN	Carter	PROPN	 Carter
Axles spaced less than 40 inches (102 cm) apart are considered a single axle. In effect, the formula reduces the legal weight limit for shorter trucks with fewer axles (see table below). For example, a 25 foot (7.6 m) three	three	NUM	axle	NOUN	 axle
This portion of the highway is still known today by the latter name. The highway through Keene Valley from Underwood to Keene was built by 1846. At its southern end, it connected to a major stagecoach road that connected Albany to the Canadian border. The route	route	NOUN	fostered	VERB	 fostered
They didn't want to be in Rosewood after dark. We always asked, but folks wouldn't say why. " Philomena Goins Doctor died in 1991. Her son Arnett was, by that time, " obsessed " with the events in Rosewood. Although he	he	PRON	was	AUX	 was
She becomes Lincoln's lawyer and appears as a major character in the first season. Peter Stormare as John Abruzzi (seasons 1 – 2): Due to his role as the leader of a Chicago mafia, Abruzzi became a prominent figure at Fox River State Penitentiary.	.	PUNCT	He	PRON	 He
In a close 21 – 15 win over Illinois, Bell scored two first quarter touchdowns and carried the ball a career high 35 times. Going into the Ohio State game, Bell was in a three person contest for the Big Ten Conference rushing championship. Bell led	led	VERB	with	ADP	 with
Anonymous, for instance, first writes of the " Slavs, Bulgarians, Vlachs and the shepherds of the Romans " as inhabiting the territory, but later he refers to " a people called Kozar " and to the Székelys. Similarly, Simon of Kéza first lists	lists	VERB	the	DET	 the
His secret passion for writing music is revealed at the end of series two, which was influenced by Ross ' interests. Colin organizes and markets a concert for him, and the second series ends with Kenny performing " You Don't Feel For Me " (written	written	VERB	by	ADP	 by
The team began training camp on June 3 at the Marion Military Institute in Marion, Alabama, and broke camp during the first week in July. The Americans played a 20 game regular season with no pre season games. (The team did however play one "	"	PUNCT	controlled	VERB	 controlled
In 2004, Total Film magazine named A Hard Day's Night the 42nd greatest British film of all time. In 2005, Time.com named it one of the 100 best films of the last 80 years. Leslie Halliwell gave the film his highest rating, four stars	stars	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
Evidence of this layer cake structure is visible on Mount Norwottuck of the Holyoke Range in Massachusetts. The summit of Norwottuck is made of basalt; directly beneath the summit are the Horse Caves, a deep overhang where the weaker sedimentary layer has worn away at a more	more	ADV	rapid	ADJ	 rapid
On 26 November, Japanese Lieutenant General Hitoshi Imamura took command of the newly formed Eighth Area Army at Rabaul. The new command encompassed both Hyakutake's 17th Army and the 18th Army in New Guinea. One of Imamura's first priorities upon assuming command was the continuation	continuation	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
It was this fear that haunted me; it taunted and pained me every moment. My music was probably the only distraction I had. But she understood that as she was growing up, so was her core audience. Feeling the need to attempt something different,	,	PUNCT	Madonna	PROPN	 Madonna
In 1996, a team led by biologist David Burney collected breccias containing bats and other animals from the cave of Anjohibe in northwestern Madagascar. The bats in the sample were described by Karen Samonds (previously Irwin) in her 2006 Ph.D. dissertation and a 2007 paper.	.	PUNCT	She	PRON	 She
" Photograph " served as the fifth and final single from the album. It reached the top five on the main singles charts in more than five countries. In the US, where it peaked at No. 10, " Photograph " became the third single from	from	ADP	the	DET	 the
The habit of photographing victims, and the notion of killing women to use them as props, stems from killer Henri Nadeau, who murdered several women in order to use them as mannequins for his photography. The use of an overbearing matriarchal figure as a stressor harkens	harkens	VERB	to	ADP	 to
The son of a doctor, he was educated at Cheltenham College and won a scholarship to King's College, Cambridge, where he would later forge a career as an academic. Inglis spent a two year period with the engineering firm run by John Wolfe Barry before	before	SCONJ	he	PRON	 he
The classic photomultiplier tube exploits the photoelectric effect: a photon of sufficient energy strikes a metal plate and knocks free an electron, initiating an ever amplifying avalanche of electrons. Semiconductor charge coupled device chips use a similar effect: an incident photon generates a charge on a	a	DET	microscopic	ADJ	 microscopic
In contrast, drugs that induce cytochrome P450 enzymes, such as St John's wort, the antibiotic rifampicin, and the anticonvulsants carbamazepine and phenytoin, accelerate elimination of many benzodiazepines and decrease their action. Taking benzodiazepines with alcohol, opioids and other central nervous system depressants	depressants	NOUN	potentiates	VERB	 potentiates
Vanadium phosphates have been proposed as the cathode in the Lithium Vanadium Phosphate Battery, another type of lithium ion battery. Vanadium plays a limited role in human biology. It is more important in marine environments than terrestrial. A number of species of marine algae produce vanadium	vanadium	NOUN	bromoperoxidase	NOUN	 bromoperoxidase
Other than some dubious collections in the 1830s and 1840s, no further sightings are known to have been made until 1973, when Nelson rediscovered it. At the time it was regarded as a distinct species, but by 1995 it was thought to be a hybrid,	,	PUNCT	and	CCONJ	 and
Both proposals had been absorbed into the Great Northern Railway (GNR) by the time an Act of Parliament was obtained, but the original agreement was retained, and the GNR leased the Witham for 999 years for a payment of £10,545 per year to the proprietors	proprietors	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
See also United States v. Buras (argument that the taxpayer can be subject to an excise tax only if he benefits from a " privilege extended by a government agency " was rejected).; Nichols v. United States; and Olson v. United States. The argument	argument	NOUN	that	SCONJ	 that
Following problems with his power unit in both the Chinese and Russian Grand Prix, Lewis Hamilton received a redesigned MGU H unit, in a bid to solve the troubles which hampered him earlier. However, Mercedes was unable to guarantee that the problem would not appear again	again	ADV	.	PUNCT	.
The first strikes in the country since the start of the war broke out in 1915, steadily increasing in frequency and magnitude. The unions ' role as troubleshooter between the employers and the workers soon led to conflict between the membership and union officials, and the Free	Free	PROPN	Trade	PROPN	 Trade
The second CD, titled Primal Feather, was released on 25 April 2012, followed by a third CD, titled Summer Vacation, on 10 August 2012 at Comiket 82, which had a general release on 12 September 2012. A fourth CD with a Legumentine's	's	PART	Day	PROPN	 Day
Seen as a problem in geometry, the task is to compute the vector to a starting point by adding the vectors for each leg of the journey from that point. Since Darwin's On the Origins of Certain Instincts (quoted above) in 1873, path integration	integration	NOUN	has	AUX	 has
He was given the Ensign C. Markland Kelly, Jr. Award in 2006 in recognition of being the best National Collegiate Athletic Association lacrosse goaltender. The 2006 team was Ivy League co champion with Cornell. In 2007, he entered the season with a lower goals against average	average	ADJ	(	PUNCT	 (
The writer and poet Blake Morrison treated the subject in his suite of poems Pendle Witches, published in 1996, and in 2011 poet Simon Armitage narrated a documentary on BBC Four, The Pendle Witch Child. Events to mark the 400th anniversary of the trials in 2012	2012	NUM	included	VERB	 included
In the game characterized by Merkle's Boner, Tinker hit an inside the park home run against Christy Mathewson of the New York Giants, prior to Fred Merkle's baserunning gaffe. In the 1908 NL playoff game, which was a replay of the Merkle game,	,	PUNCT	Tinker	PROPN	 Tinker
Smith was a notoriously reticent and shy individual that only granted one interview during his lifetime, in which he relayed only information pertaining to racing matters. Consequently, much of the published biographical information on Pittsburgh Phil's early life, his rise to fame and the reasoning	reasoning	NOUN	behind	ADP	 behind
She also created a mobile temporary work for Chanel that was displayed in Hong Kong, Tokyo and New York in 2008. Hadid will design the London Aquatics Centre for the 2012 Summer Olympics and the Guangzhou Opera House in China. The Chicago Tribune's Pulitzer Prize winning	winning	VERB	architecture	NOUN	 architecture
The fungus produces tiny yellow cups up to 3 mm (0.12 in) in diameter, often without stalks, that fruit in groups or dense clusters on decaying deciduous wood that has lost its bark. The widely distributed species is found in North Africa, Asia,	,	PUNCT	Europe	PROPN	 Europe
Eternal Punishment begins when Maya is sent to write a story about the Joker phenomenon: according to rumor, if someone phones their own number, the Joker will kill on request. Going to Seven Sisters, she, Ulala, and Katsuya find the school principal murdered	murdered	VERB	by	ADP	 by
The two advanced south to face Ragnall, and this led to a battle somewhere on the banks of the River Tyne, probably at Corbridge where Dere Street crosses the river. The Battle of Corbridge appears to have been indecisive; the Chronicle of the Kings of Alba	Alba	PROPN	is	AUX	 is
In a January – February 11 game homestand, the Rage only won 2 games, falling to 9 32 3, as they lost three to the Wild (all shut outs), two each to the Monsters and the Ice Dogs, and split their series against	against	ADP	the	DET	 the
Bultmann believed that the cultural embeddedness of the Bible could be overcome by demythologising the Bible, a process which he believed would allow readers to better encounter the word of God. Christian philosopher John Hick believed that the language of the Bible should be demythologised to be compatible	compatible	ADJ	with	ADP	 with
They fired 125.85 kilogram (277.5 lb) projectiles at a muzzle velocity of 840 m / s (2,800 ft / s). They had a maximum range of 29,400 yd (26,900 m) at an elevation of 45° and the ship carried 128 rounds per	per	ADP	gun	NOUN	 gun
Nobody would have dreamed of calling himself an atheist. " Atheism was first used to describe a self avowed belief in late 18th century Europe, specifically denoting disbelief in the monotheistic Abrahamic god. In the 20th century, globalization contributed to the expansion of the term to	to	PART	refer	VERB	 refer
She won a few local races and trained with Canisius ' men's cross country team. Wittenberg also trained with the men's cross country team while attending law school at University of Notre Dame. While training with this group, she finished 16th at the Chicago Marathon	Marathon	PROPN	with	ADP	 with
) The Increased Performance Engine (IPE) program led to the 29,588 lbf (131.6 kN) F110 GE 129 on the Block 50 and 29,160 lbf (129.4 kN) F100 PW 229 on the Block 52. F 16s began flying with these IPE engines in the	the	DET	early	ADJ	 early
Wenemouet then took up the peace cause within the wider Wabanaki Confederacy, sending belts of wampum representing peace to the other tribes. After a translation of the written treaty by a French priest revealed differences between what it stated and what was negotiated, Sauguaaram repudiated the written	written	VERB	treaty	NOUN	 treaty
Iona was an early religious centre, and was said to be the burial place of the kings of Alba until the end of the eleventh century, but declined as a result of Viking raids from 794. The transfer of part of the relics of St. Columba from	from	ADP	there	ADV	 there
Lento (Ahir Bhairav) 7: 52 minutes, III. Scherzo (DoGa Kalyan) 8: 49 minutes IV. Finale (Banjara) 14: 50 minutes. The website of the Ravi Shankar Foundation provides the information that " The symphony was written in Indian	Indian	ADJ	notation	NOUN	 notation
Rather than follow the valley of the River Chess, which would have been the most convenient route to Chesham, the route out of Rickmansworth was intentionally built on higher ground to reduce the steep climb over the Chilterns towards Aylesbury, and thus rose steadily from Rickmansworth to	to	ADP	a	DET	 a
The west tower is almost internal, barely projecting beyond the rounded corner of the curtain wall, and could only be entered via the parapet walk. The basement level contains a pit prison which was accessed from above. The east tower was almost completely rebuilt in the	the	DET	late	ADJ	 late
A later study, while agreeing that the pigmented area represented something originally inside the body, found no defined structure and noted that any organs would have been distorted by the processes that flattened the skeleton into an essentially two dimensional form. Dark pigment is also present in	in	ADP	the	DET	 the
They defeated Dynamo Dresden and Portuguese team Benfica in the second round and quarter finals, respectively. In the semi final, the club again met Borussia Mönchengladbach, who won the first leg 2 – 1. Liverpool won the second leg 3 – 0, progressing to	to	ADP	a	DET	 a
The division's personnel and equipment were transferred to the newly raised 1st Cavalry Division (Airmobile). Inspired by the pioneering German use of large scale airborne formations during the Battle of France in 1940 and later the invasion of Crete in 1941, the various Allied powers	powers	NOUN	decided	VERB	 decided
With DARPA funded research, SRI contributed to the development of speech recognition and translation products and was an active participant in DARPA's Global Autonomous Language Exploitation (GALE) program. SRI developed DynaSpeak speech recognition technology which was used in the handheld VoxTec Phraselator, allowing U.S.	U.S.	PROPN	soldiers	NOUN	 soldiers
" John Lannert described Mi Tierra for the Sun Sentinel as " Estefan`s Latin ' unplugged ' album " and her " most satisfying effort to date. " At the 36th Grammy Awards, Mi Tierra was the Best Tropical Latin Album. At the 6th Lo Nuestro Awards	Awards	PROPN	Estefan	PROPN	 Estefan
On a surprise inspection of the Palm Island Prison during an official visit in the late 1960s, Senator Jim Keeffe and academic Henry Reynolds discovered two 12- to 13 ‑ year ‑ old schoolgirls incarcerated in the settlement's prison by the senior administrator on the island (the	the	DET	superintendent	NOUN	 superintendent
Inland, ducks such as mallard, teal, wigeon and pochard can be found along with heron, snipe, pheasant and red grouse. The hooded crow and jackdaw are present in considerable numbers, but geese are only occasional visitors. Mammals are under represented; there	there	PRON	are	VERB	 are
" Cameron felt the Titanic sinking was " like a great novel that really happened ", but that the event had become a mere morality tale; the film would give audiences the experience of living the history. The treasure hunter Brock Lovett represented those who never connected	connected	VERB	with	ADP	 with
In most Western music, tone clusters tend to be heard as dissonant. Clusters may be performed with almost any individual instrument on which three or more notes can be played simultaneously, as well as by most groups of instruments or voices. Keyboard instruments are particularly suited	suited	VERB	to	ADP	 to
Even then, there was a great deal of mistrust between Wayne and his men; Wayne had to keep his ammunition and bayonets under lock and key except when they were needed. Although Wayne was ready to march on May 19, the force's departure was delayed	delayed	VERB	by	ADP	 by
The enzyme aminoacyl tRNA synthetase " charges " the tRNA molecules with the correct amino acids. The growing polypeptide is often termed the nascent chain. Proteins are always biosynthesized from N terminus to C terminus. The size of a synthesized protein can be measured by the number	number	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
The Water and Land Company soon went bankrupt, but William Beardsley would keep the project alive. Work had been primarily done on the diversion dam and canal while only the foundation of the storage dam, a gravity dam, was completed. The diversion dam, Camp	Camp	PROPN	Dyer	PROPN	 Dyer
Kepler 10b's discovery excited astronomers, who hoped to use data about it to inquire into the formation and structure that terrestrial, Earth size planets tend to have in common. Geoff Marcy of the University of California at Berkeley said that the discovery was ranked “ as	as	ADP	among	ADP	 among
However, it has not been known when and where the animals have been introduced to Africa. In Cameroon, they are widely distributed. In the Democratic Republic of the Congo, they can be found both in peri urban environments as well as in rural regions,	,	PUNCT	for	ADP	 for
On the other hand, many Koreans did not speak Japanese well, and the eagerness of Okinawans to engage in manual labour occasionally motivated Micronesians to criticize the Japanese culture promoted by the Japanese administrators. Japanese cultural influences were the strongest in Chuuk and Pohnpei; in most	most	ADJ	towns	NOUN	 towns
Dr. Hatcher, the President of LSU, resigned his position in February 1947 because of ill health. The search went out for a new president, and when Middleton was asked to be considered for the job, he declined, being very content with his job as	as	ADP	comptroller	NOUN	 comptroller
He also had two daughters, Constantina and Helena, wife of Emperor Julian. Although he earned his honorific of " The Great " (" Μέγας ") from Christian historians long after he had died, he could have claimed the title on his military achievements and	and	CCONJ	victories	NOUN	 victories
This latter fact was reflected in the game's point spread. On December 9, shortly after the matchup was announced, spread bettors favored North Carolina to win by 12 points. Several sports commentators, including Lou Holtz and Craig James, said North Carolina deserved a	a	DET	more	ADV	 more
Mysterio, Morrison, and Jericho entered first and were locked into pods. The Undertaker was the fourth to make his way down to the ring, but an accident occurred during his entrance when his pyrotechnics were mistimed, resulting in him being momentarily engulfed in flames.	.	PUNCT	He	PRON	 He
The Easys go on to have a reconciliation scene which is much more low keyed and tasteful than that in Love's Last Shift, without kneelings and risings, and with Lady Easy shrinking with feminine delicacy from the coarse subjects that Amanda had broached without blinking. Paul	Paul	PROPN	Parnell	PROPN	 Parnell
To many people across the world, the house sparrow is the most familiar wild animal and, because of its association with humans and familiarity, it is frequently used to represent the common and vulgar, or the lewd. One of the reasons for the introduction of	of	ADP	house	NOUN	 house
Shortly after, Byrom added a fourth goal to his tally in Stevenage colours in April 2010, scoring from six yards in a 2 – 0 win over Forest Green Rovers to ensure Stevenage were just two victories away from promotion. The following week, he scored in	in	ADP	the	DET	 the
They formed Johnson Voorsanger Productions, and serious work on the game began soon after. Their status as commercial game designers allowed them to meet with Sega of America, and they used cards covered in landscape drawings to demonstrate their idea of randomly generated levels. Sega marketing	marketing	NOUN	manager	NOUN	 manager
The prisoners ' library had grown during the 18th century, mainly through ad hoc purchases and various confiscations by the Crown, until by 1787 it included 389 volumes. The length of time that a typical prisoner was kept at the Bastille continued to decline, and by	by	ADP	Louis	PROPN	 Louis
Within five years, nearly all the prickly pear cactus of southern Madagascar had been completely wiped out, sparking a massive famine from 1930 – 1931. Although these ethnic groups have since adapted in various ways, the famine period is commonly remembered as the time when their	their	PRON	traditional	ADJ	 traditional
It also marked the third consecutive year with pre season tropical or subtropical cyclones in the basin. Ana formed out of an area of low pressure associated with a tropical wave on August 11, Ana briefly attained tropical storm intensity on August 12 before weakening back to a	a	DET	depression	NOUN	 depression
The magnitude of the electromagnetic force, whether attractive or repulsive, is given by Coulomb's law, which relates the force to the product of the charges and has an inverse square relation to the distance between them. The electromagnetic force is very strong, second only	only	ADV	in	ADP	 in
Spiders have been present for many decades both in film and on television, predominantly in the horror genre. Those who suffer from arachnophobia, an acute fear of spiders, become particularly horrified. The spider web is used as a motif to adorn dark passageways, depicting	depicting	VERB	the	DET	 the
Farrell graduated from Rensselaer Polytechnic Institute with a degree in civil engineering in 1912. During World War I, he served with the 1st Engineers on the Western Front, and was awarded the Distinguished Service Cross and the French Croix de guerre. After the war, he	he	PRON	was	AUX	 was
To accommodate production of its new airliner, Boeing doubled the size of the Everett factory at the cost of nearly US $1.5 billion to provide space for two new assembly lines. New production methodologies were developed, including a turn machine that could rotate fuselage subassemblies 180	180	NUM	degrees	NOUN	 degrees
The album reached number one on the US Billboard 200 chart and the lead single, " Makes Me Wonder ", became the band's first number one single on the Billboard Hot 100. In September 2010, Maroon 5 released their third studio album Hands All Over	Over	ADV	,	PUNCT	,
Tides at Lake Pontchartrain were 2 feet (0.61 m) to 3 feet (0.91 m) above normal. Gale warnings were prompted from Galveston, Texas, through to Grand Isle, Louisiana, at 18: 00 GMT on August 28. A confirmed tornado in	in	ADP	Hardin	PROPN	 Hardin
Her final years were spent in relative financial comfort; several years before his death, Worsley had invested in shares in Venezuela Oil, which later became Shell Oil and provided good returns for Jean. She died at the Bamford home in 1978, at the age of	of	ADP	78	NUM	 78
Townsend died in Fairfax on 25 January 1976 at the age of 75. Historians have noted the stridency with which Townsend put forward his pro Japanese views before World War II. Justus Doenecke, for instance, described Townsend as " The most adamant and extreme of the	the	DET	voices	NOUN	 voices
The monarch is represented in the country by the Governor General of Vincent and the Grenadines, currently Sir Frederick Ballantyne. Greenland is one of the three constituent countries of the Kingdom of Denmark, with Queen Margrethe II as the reigning sovereign. The territory first came under	under	ADP	monarchical	ADJ	 monarchical
Between 1879 and 1885, the Willamette River was charted by Cleveland S. Rockwell, a topographical engineer and cartographer for the U.S. Coast and Geodetic Survey. Rockwell surveyed the lower Willamette from the foot of Ross Island through Portland to the Columbia River and then downstream on the	the	DET	Columbia	PROPN	 Columbia
During the early stages of the occupation, they campaigned for harsher anti Jewish laws. Both Rex and the VNV routinely published anti Semitic articles in their party newspapers. Although the Belgian civil authorities (especially the police and security service) were officially forbidden to assist the	the	DET	German	ADJ	 German
Demonstrators frequently used the slogan that was used by demonstrators the day before the coup, " Better the war than the pact, better the grave than a slave ". Winston Churchill, Prime Minister of the United Kingdom, commented that " Yugoslavia has found its soul	soul	NOUN	”	PUNCT	 ”
Originally, the game was based around a shooting mechanic with very different controls. A desire to focus on jumping and the mapping of the mechanic to the A button resulted in it being dropped. Unlike in Mario Bros., where Mario would be hurt by stomping on	on	ADP	turtles	NOUN	 turtles
The Animatrix (2003), based on the The Matrix trilogy, contains an anime short film in classic noir style titled " A Detective Story " which takes place within the story of the trilogy. Anime television series with science fiction noir themes include Ghost in the	the	DET	Shell	PROPN	 Shell
Groza had a 52 yard field goal in the game, a record for a championship or Super Bowl that stood for 42 years. He was again named to the Pro Bowl after the season. The same scenario was repeated in 1952 and 1953: the Browns reached	reached	VERB	the	DET	 the
From the end of July to mid August during the game's original release, it was featured in a crossover with Rise of Mana, a mobile installment in Square Enix's Mana series. An earlier collaboration was also staged between Agito and Square Enix Legend World,	,	PUNCT	a	DET	 a
The phalanx was vulnerable to being outflanked by cavalry, if caught on the wrong terrain, however. The hoplite's heavy armour and long spears made them excellent troops in hand to hand combat and gave them significant protection against ranged attacks by light troops and skirmishers.	.	PUNCT	Even	ADV	 Even
US 395 ran concurrently along the route from downtown San Diego to the intersection with Fairmount Avenue. By 1942, the US 395 concurrency had been removed. With the completion of the Cabrillo Freeway, between 1946 and 1948, US 80 shifted from Park Boulevard to 11th	11th	ADJ	Avenue	PROPN	 Avenue
Valve decided to create a platform that would update games automatically and implement stronger anti piracy and anti cheat measures. Valve also recognized, through user polls at the time of its announcement in 2002, that at least 75% of their users had access to high speed	speed	NOUN	Internet	NOUN	 Internet
It primarily targeted upper class readers as well as an aspirational middle class audience, featuring photographs, poems, fiction, and columns by popular authors such as Marie Corelli, Frances Hodgson Burnett, Jack London, and H.G. Wells. The London Season was regularly covered,	,	PUNCT	with	ADP	 with
In secret, however, he lives a double life as a member of an all animal espionage organization referred to as O.W.C.A. (The Organization Without a Cool Acronym). Many secret entrances to his underground lair exist all around the house; such as the side of	of	ADP	the	DET	 the
Along with parts of Moss Side and Withington, in 1885 Bradford, Harpurhey and Rusholme became part of the City of Manchester. To cope with the extra demands placed on the area's refuse disposal systems, Manchester Corporation began to look for disposal sites. A number	number	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
With it, Cortana activates a new ringworld being constructed. While the Flood are destroyed as planned, the slipspace portal through which Master Chief, the Arbiter, and Cortana attempt to escape collapses, thus stranding the Chief and Cortana. Cortana activates a distress beacon,	,	PUNCT	but	CCONJ	 but
While serving as Scott Heron's and Jackson's only album for the independent label, Winter in America helped Strata East Records achieve considerable notability among other New York City distributors of soul and jazz music during the 1970s, while the latter genre had been viewed by many	many	ADJ	jazz	NOUN	 jazz
The storm caused a total of about $20 million (2002 USD) in damage and three fatalities. On September 9, a tropical wave moved off the coast of Africa, and by September 14 it was classified as a tropical depression. The next day the	the	DET	storm	NOUN	 storm
The vocals on the album were always live after rehearsing each song five or six times, according to saxophonist and flautist " Boots " Houston, who further commented that when Morrison and the band went into the studio: " we would then just play a whole set	set	NOUN	straight	ADV	 straight
In the 1980s, his lifestyle was considered modest in comparison to those of many other Arab leaders. Gaddafi allegedly worked for years with Swiss banks to launder international banking transactions. In November 2011, The Sunday Times identified property worth £1 billion in the UK that	that	SCONJ	Gaddafi	PROPN	 Gaddafi
The genus currently includes the following species: Oryzomys contains medium sized, semiaquatically specialized oryzomyine rodents. They have long, coarse fur that is grayish to reddish on the upperparts and white to buff on the underparts. The marsh rice rat superficially resembles the introduced species black	black	ADJ	rat	NOUN	 rat
Six years later, a second law was passed that moved the main office for the school to a newly constructed building across the street from the mosque. Additional structures were later added to supplement the three departmental buildings. The ideas advocated by several influential reformers in the	the	DET	early	ADJ	 early
During the season, he was also selected to the initial squad for the AFL Hall of Fame all star game, although he failed to make the final teams. Geelong compiled a 21 – 1 win loss record to once again capture the McClelland Trophy and qualify for	for	ADP	the	DET	 the
Fico slowly weakened as it turned to the northwest over cooler waters, and became an extratropical cyclone on July 28 to the northeast of Midway Island. Swells from Fico, combined with swells from a storm in the Southern Hemisphere, produced rough surf throughout the Hawaiian islands	islands	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
Mulder interviews Michelle Wilkes (Jennifer Clement), Betts ' former partner, who recollects his ability to detect cancer. When an interior slice of Betts ' polymerized head is examined, the agents discover that his frontal lobe displayed signs of pervasive cancer. Mulder has Chuck	Chuck	PROPN	Burks	PROPN	 Burks
Mary denied writing them, arguing that her handwriting was not difficult to imitate, and insisted they were forgeries. They are widely believed to be crucial as to whether Mary shares the guilt for Darnley's murder. The chair of the commission of inquiry, the Duke	Duke	PROPN	of	ADP	 of
Magic effects creator Sean Field stated of Angel this year that, " Criss Angel is the biggest name in magic since Houdini... No other magician has invaded pop culture to the degree that Criss Angel has. He has changed the image of magic and made it cool	cool	ADJ	.	PUNCT	.
The song's lyrics tie in with a number of themes common in OK Computer, including insanity, violence, slogans, and political objection to capitalism. Yorke's lyrics were based on an unpleasant experience at a Los Angeles bar during which he was surrounded by strangers	strangers	NOUN	high	ADJ	 high
Among them was " Die Erscheinung " (D 229), written in July that year; John Reed sees the song as a forerunner to " Die Forelle ", observing that " Die Erscheinung " and other similar songs, " convey an intensity of feeling that	that	PRON	belies	VERB	 belies
However, the offense continued to be a disappointment. Brown had been jettisoned and replaced by Kanell and Kent Graham. Neither quarterback provided Pro Bowl caliber play, although Graham led the Giants to a 5 – 1 finish (including an upset of the then undefeated Denver	Denver	PROPN	Broncos	PROPN	 Broncos
In addition, many tribal councils have passed resolutions or issued statements regarding their opposition to the name of the Washington Redskins, including the Cherokee and Comanche Nations of Oklahoma, the Inter Tribal Council of Arizona, the Inter Tribal Council of the Five Civilized Tribes, the	the	DET	Oneida	PROPN	 Oneida
As part of the preparation, IBM constructed a mock set in a conference room at one of its technology sites to model the one used on Jeopardy!. Human players, including former Jeopardy! contestants, also participated in mock games against Watson with Todd Alan Crain	Crain	PROPN	of	ADP	 of
Mulder hears footsteps behind him and turns around to see Linda Bowman pointing a gun at him; " Linda " states personal information about Mulder, revealing herself to indeed be Scully despite what Mulder sees. She fires a shot at a figure moving behind Mulder, and	and	CCONJ	he	PRON	 he
During the period 1142 – 1148 Chesney forced Gloucester Abbey, then under the abbacy of his nephew Gilbert Foliot, to pay him sums of money. Foliot, in one of his surviving letters, reprimanded his uncle for his behaviour, asking him " Which of God	God	PROPN	's	PART	's
The Act includes a number of miscellaneous points, mainly in Sections 5 and 6. The Act and its provisions are taken to extend to The Crown, which can be held tortiously liable to the extent laid out in the Crown Proceedings Act 1947. It repeals Section	Section	NOUN	4	NUM	 4
The more she worked with the poor in her foundation, the more she adopted an outraged attitude toward the existence of poverty, saying, " Sometimes I have wished my insults were slaps or lashes. I've wanted to hit people in the face to make them	them	PRON	see	VERB	 see
Designing each item required the developers to go word by word. Slaczka stated that certain kinds of words, such as cheeses, require little to no differences, besides items such as Limburger which would scare people away from it. He stated that the developers used discretion	discretion	NOUN	when	SCONJ	 when
Work was halted on 31 December 1914. By this time Greece had only paid AG Vulcan £450,000. Bethlehem refused to send the main battery guns to Greece. The 14 inch guns were instead sold to the British, who used them to arm the four Abercrombie	Abercrombie	PROPN	class	NOUN	 class
Brody is vindicated when more shark attacks occur at the crowded beach in broad daylight. Sinyard calls the film a " deft combination of Watergate and Ibsen's play ". Jaws has received attention from academic critics. Stephen Heath relates the film's ideological meanings to the	the	DET	then	ADV	 then
Large flight feathers are found on the wings and tail, contour feathers cover the bird's surface and fine down occurs on young birds and under the contour feathers of water birds. The only cutaneous gland is the single uropygial gland near the base of the tail.	.	PUNCT	This	PRON	 This
The riders then began the climb of the Col de Tamié, which was followed by the ascent of Col de la Forclaz. After a decent and a number of small hills, the Col de la Croix Fry was climbed. At the top a small drop and	and	CCONJ	climb	VERB	 climb
Commissioned by the conservative Belgian newspaper Le Vingtième Siècle for its children's supplement Le Petit Vingtième, it was serialised weekly from December 1935 to February 1937. The story tells of young Belgian reporter Tintin and his dog Snowy, who pursue the thieves of a South American	American	ADJ	fetish	NOUN	 fetish
Research conducted about the show's affects showed that viewers gained in four major areas: basic knowledge, blood safety, discrimination, and numeracy skills. They also improved in life skills, such as safety, sounds, nature, emotions, and self esteem. Hikayat	Hikayat	PROPN	Simsim	PROPN	 Simsim
This problem was first alluded to in 1958 in public talks that mentioned Zeus ' inability to discriminate targets. If the decoys spread apart further than the lethal radius of the Zeus ' warhead, several interceptors will be required to guarantee that the warhead hiding among the decoys	decoys	NOUN	will	AUX	 will
On 25 May 1871 Pedro II and his wife traveled to Europe. He had long desired to vacation abroad. When news arrived that his younger daughter, the 23 year old Leopoldina, had died in Vienna of typhoid fever on 7 February, he finally had a	a	DET	pressing	VERB	 pressing
In 1669 Frances Conyers of New Hall had " cole pits " in Middleton. The pits were small and numerous and many worked for a short time. Gin pits using horses to turn the windlass were the next development and the deeper pits had brick lined shafts and	and	CCONJ	wooden	ADJ	 wooden
Technically this was not Wolfe's first sale, as he had already had " The Dead Man " published in the October 1965 issue of Sir!, but " Mountains Like Mice " had been written earlier. If's covers during the 1960s were typically action oriented	oriented	VERB	,	PUNCT	,
Chlorophyll absorbs green light poorly because it first arose in organisms living in oceans where purple halobacteria were already exploiting photosynthesis. Their purple color arose because they extracted energy in the green portion of the spectrum using bacteriorhodopsin. The new organisms that then later came to dominate the	the	DET	extraction	NOUN	 extraction
While the third story was the residence of the Dalai Lama, the second floor had the images Amitayus and also eight ' Medicine Buddhas ', as also reliquaries (stupas) of Gyeltsen Zangpo and Jetsun Chokyi Gyeltsen. However, as per reports, this college was	was	AUX	destroyed	VERB	 destroyed
In the United Kingdom, she shared her time between Spencer House, London, the residence of her youngest son, Prince Christopher; Regent's Park, where her daughter, Grand Duchess Marie, rented a mansion; Sandringham House, the home of her sister in	in	ADP	law	NOUN	 law
This force was far too small for the tactics that he wanted to use. He flew in the lead plane, B 17 # 41 24458, nicknamed " San Antonio Rose I ", from the 64th Bombardment Squadron, 43rd Bombardment Group, which was piloted by	by	ADP	Lieutenant	PROPN	 Lieutenant
He was not selected for any of the social clubs that dominated campus life, and he felt this exclusion keenly. He was equally unsuccessful with the Glee Club and the football team; for a time he rowed as a substitute for the rowing club. He later	later	ADV	described	VERB	 described
Named after Vancouver's commuter rail service, the line consisted of Markus Naslund at left wing, Brendan Morrison at centre, and Todd Bertuzzi playing right wing. The West Coast Express was a high scoring line that was considered to be one of the best lines in	in	ADP	hockey	NOUN	 hockey
The nominate subspecies, A. p. parulus, is found in western Chile and in southwest Argentina south to Tierra del Fuego and was described by Kittlitz in 1830. The third subspecies, A. p. patagonicus, is found in western Argentina and was described by Austrian ornithologist Carl	Carl	PROPN	Eduard	PROPN	 Eduard
In 1989 the Florida Cracker Horse Association was founded and in 1991 a registry was established. After the registry was created, 75 horses designated as " foundation horses " and 14 of their offspring were immediately registered. These horses came mainly from four lines of Cracker bloodstock	bloodstock	NOUN	and	CCONJ	 and
Unryū was initially equipped with 16 triple 25 mm (1 in) Type 96 and 3 single Type 96 AA gun mounts, most on sponsons along the sides of the hull. These guns were supplemented by six 28 round AA rocket launchers. Shortly after completion,	,	PUNCT	another	DET	 another
The spokesperson further indicated that the ministry had not at that time received official filming requests from Valkyrie's producers. Colonel Stauffenberg's eldest child, retired Bundeswehr general Berthold Maria Schenk Graf von Stauffenberg, also voiced concerns over Cruise's portrayal of his father, saying that	that	SCONJ	he	PRON	 he
It is designed to retool Brawl to play more like its two predecessors, Super Smash Bros. (1999) and Super Smash Bros. Melee (2001), in response to fan objections to Brawl's physics, slower paced gameplay, larger use of chance elements, and	and	CCONJ	mechanics	NOUN	 mechanics
The drama documentary Codebreaker, about Turing's life, was aired by UK's Channel 4 in November 2011 and was released in the US in October 2012. It is also known as Britain's Greatest Codebreaker. The film features Ed Stoppard as Turing and Henry Goodman	Goodman	PROPN	as	ADP	 as
The second completed the mission but was found to have lost brake power as it was returning to Tengah, and there was a danger of the aircraft overrunning the landing strip and sustaining heavy damage; the crew was able to slow the Lincoln on the runway by trailing	trailing	VERB	a	DET	 a
The pantropical subfamily Nasutitermitinae has a specialised caste of soldiers, known as nasutes, that have the ability to exude noxious liquids through a horn like frontal projection that they use for defence. Nasutes have lost their mandibles through the course of evolution and must be fed by	by	ADP	workers	NOUN	 workers
Traffic was redirected, making all four lanes northbound to allow evacuations. Likewise, military installations such as NAS Pensacola, Whiting Field, Eglin AFB, Hurlburt Field and Tyndall AFB were all evacuated days before the storm. Red Cross officials opened 87 shelters across the state	state	NOUN	which	PRON	 which
It is the seventh published game in the Metroid series, a direct sequel to Metroid Prime, and the first game in the series with a multiplayer feature. Echoes was released in North America, Europe, and Australia in 2004; and in Japan in May 2005	2005	NUM	.	PUNCT	.
From this log, transections were cut, and other divisions of it produced lumber, tabletops, and novelty items. Various segments of the tree were cut and given to the West Virginia State Museum and the Smithsonian Institution. The Mingo Oak was the largest living white	white	ADJ	oak	NOUN	 oak
Tolkien sent this revised version of the chapter " Riddles in the Dark " to Unwin as an example of the kinds of changes needed to bring the book into conformity with The Lord of the Rings, but he heard nothing back for years. When he was sent	sent	VERB	galley	NOUN	 galley
He immigrated to the United States in 1929 and joined his first strike in 1930; Itliong was only 14 when he came to the United States. Itliong was an excellent card player, and avid cigar smoker, who spoke multiple Filipino languages, Spanish, Cantonese,	,	PUNCT	Japanese	PROPN	 Japanese
A few thick volumes, such as the 1967 paperback of Frank Herbert's Dune, were priced at 95 cents. With Ballantine Books, Ace was the dominant American science fiction paperback publisher in the 1950s and 1960s. Other publishers followed their lead, catering to the	the	DET	increasing	VERB	 increasing
He finished the loan spell with 21 appearances, and after returning to Wrexham he was released after spending around a decade with the club. Mackin signed for York permanently on a one year contract on 22 May 2009. After signing, manager Martin Foyle said " Levi	Levi	PROPN	was	AUX	 was
Armstrong flew the plane back to friendly territory, but due to the loss of the aileron, ejection was his only safe option. He planned to eject over water and await rescue by Navy helicopters, and therefore flew to an airfield near Pohang, but his ejection	ejection	NOUN	seat	NOUN	 seat
Shashthi explained the reason for the mother's ordeal and told her to ask pardon of the cat. The mother asked the cat's pardon, which was granted, and then she promised the goddess that she would offer worship in a ritual dedicated to her, which	which	PRON	would	AUX	 would
Older respondents are opposed to a name change, but those between 18 and 29 are strongly (70%) in favor of a change. While 77% of all white fans believe the name should not be changed, only 38% of African American and 33	33	NUM	%	NOUN	%
The 1965 bell ringing was broadcast over the public address system at Wrigley Field in Chicago. Over the years, the committee for the festival requested that the bell ringing be part of the Illinois Sesquicentennial, the U.S. Bicentennial, and the Statue of Liberty Centennial celebrations,	,	PUNCT	all	PRON	 all
M 130 ran along the northern banks of the river passing through primarily agricultural areas. The rural surroundings dominated much of the route until it began to encroach on the outskirts of Monroe. The highway terminated at US 24 in Monroe. M 130 was commissioned in 1929	1929	NUM	.	PUNCT	.
The piece is in the quick tempo allegretto (quickly), at 92 quarter notes per minute. It is 131 measures long, the most of all six pieces, but the second shortest in terms of playing time, usually no longer than three and a half	half	NOUN	minutes	NOUN	 minutes
Tropical Depression continued its course and eventually dissipated over western Oklahoma on August 3. The remnants of Chantal then moved northward over the Great Plains and was tracked northward over New York, eventually reaching New England and Newfoundland just before Hurricane Dean approached. At 0000 UTC on	on	ADP	July	PROPN	 July
As part of his command duties, Howe was chosen by Washington as president of the court – martial convened to determine the propriety of General Benedict Arnold's conduct while serving as the commandant of Philadelphia in 1778 and 1779. During that time, Arnold was alleged to	to	PART	have	AUX	 have
In fact, Ra. One will be the first superhero based movie in the world in which the superhero lives in a family. " A few days before the release, screenwriter Yash Patnaik claimed that Ra. One resembled a concept that he had developed several years	years	NOUN	before	ADV	 before
A month after disappearing the Viet Cong 274th Regiment had emerged without warning and had caught 7 RAR by surprise, with the unexpected presence of a Viet Cong Main Force regiment in the Hat Dich forcing the Australians to change their tactics for the remainder of Operation Ballarat.	.	PUNCT	The	DET	 The
No. 14 Australian General Hospital on the Suez Canal was full of malaria cases from the Jordan Valley with the overflow in the No. 31 British General Hospital at Abbassia, Cairo. The Australian Stationary Hospital at Mosacar only had a few beds available. By August	August	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
Attendance was in decline across the league as the Great Depression took hold. The Habs posted a losing record in 1932 – 33, leading to still smaller crowds. Averaging only 2,000 fans per game, the team sold Morenz to the Chicago Black Hawks in 1934 as	as	ADP	part	NOUN	 part
Her acting and modeling career has included appearances in a variety of media, including films, television programs and advertisements, theatrical productions, and print advertisements. Meradel made her first film appearance in the 1964 short film The Legend of Jimmy Blue Eyes. She adopted the	the	DET	stage	NOUN	 stage
They indicate that the woodworking was positioned much lower than Bouts had intended; generally works painted on commission were placed by professional joiners who worked independently of the painter. The low placing of the frame however protected the underlying colours over the centuries from light; they are	are	AUX	preserved	VERB	 preserved
According to Vulliamy, the detainees drank water from a river that was polluted with industrial waste and many suffered from constipation or dysentery. No criminal report was ever filed against persons detained in the Omarska camp, nor were the detainees apprised of any concrete charges against them	them	PRON	.	PUNCT	.
You can get lost in the cityscapes. " The Asian characters occasionally speak in their native tongues, their words rendered in Chinese or Tamil glyphs without translations. Goldsmith and Ridzwan did not find the foreign words to be a hindrance in understanding and enjoying the work.	.	PUNCT	Instead	ADV	 Instead
As Tommy grows older, he discovers that he can feel vibrations sufficiently well to become an expert pinball player (" Pinball Wizard "). His parents take him to a respected doctor (" There's a Doctor "), who determines that the boy's	's	PART	disabilities	NOUN	 disabilities
Offshore Kingscliff, New South Wales, a yacht capsized, forcing its two occupants to swim to land. The large swells proved popular with experienced surfers looking for a challenge. Although the event became infamous within local surfing circles, at least one surfer was hospitalized after	after	ADP	being	AUX	 being
The survivors reunite at 815's cockpit. Jack knocks Locke to the ground, takes his gun and pulls the trigger, but finds that the gun is not loaded because Locke had no intention of killing Jack earlier that day. Locke tells the castaways that they are	are	AUX	in	ADP	 in
She was a drawing class assistant for Frank Weston Benson after graduation and the following year became an assistant drawing instructor. Both Benson and Tarbell were noted Boston Impressionists. Rupert Hughes described Hazelton's painting, Margaret, made by 1895, as a " more than usually	usually	ADV	tender	ADJ	 tender
An agent in the New York office sent an e mail to FBI headquarters saying, " Whatever has happened to this, someday someone will die, and the public will not understand why we were not more effective and throwing every resource we had at certain ' problems	problems	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
A total of $800,000 was spent between 1996 / 97 and 1998 / 99 on works that included restoring the facade of the Anglican chapel. In 2005, work was undertaken on the restoration of the prison gatehouse area. Non original rendering was removed and the original	original	ADJ	stonework	NOUN	 stonework
In March 2012 it was announced that The Sword had signed a multi album worldwide deal with New York based label Razor & Tie, with plans for a fourth album starting with recording in June and a projected late 2012 release. In May the band released the single	single	ADJ	"	PUNCT	 "
" In turn, flies hunt the mosquito " which is the food that they like best, " and predators eat the flies. " All animals, in short, can not exist without food, neither can the hunting animal escape being hunted in his turn.	.	PUNCT	Every	DET	 Every
The pair made their observations independently on 4 December that year (24 November under the Julian calendar then used in England); Horrocks from Carr House, then in the village of Much Hoole, Lancashire, and Crabtree from his home in Broughton, near Manchester.	.	PUNCT	The	DET	 The
After moving to 17 Queenscourt Road in 1948, where the Bests lived for nine years, Rory Best saw a large Victorian house for sale at 8 Hayman's Green in 1957 and told Mona about it. The Best family claim that Mona then pawned all her jewellery	jewellery	NOUN	and	CCONJ	 and
During the caution, the leading drivers, including Kenseth, elected to make pit stops for tires. Gordon took the lead and maintained it at the lap 165 restart. Biffle and his teammate Kenseth drove alongside each other in a battle for second place on lap 166	166	NUM	,	PUNCT	,
In court he highlighted the list's longevity, and claimed that " nobody had ever been prosecuted for publishing it; and, therefore, he was ignorant it was a libel. " When Lord Chief Justice Kenyon mentioned that a John Roach had previously been convicted for	for	ADP	selling	VERB	 selling
In this rendition, a " ghost image " separates from Ishaan after the art competition and runs to the sports field; the film would end on a freeze frame of Ishaan successfully making the leap. Khan, however, was unhappy with that proposed ending and convinced	convinced	VERB	Gupte	PROPN	 Gupte
It was written by Lee Eisenberg and Gene Stupnitsky and directed by Dennie Gordon. The episode first aired on January 19, 2006 on NBC. The episode guest stars Tom W. Chick as Gil. The series depicts the everyday lives of office employees in the Scranton,	,	PUNCT	Pennsylvania	PROPN	 Pennsylvania
Amphetamine, for example, is a stimulant that increases release of norepinephrine as well as dopamine. Monoamine oxidase inhibitors are antidepressants that inhibit the metabolic degradation of norepinephrine as well as serotonin. In some cases it is difficult to distinguish the norepinephrine mediated effects from the effects	effects	NOUN	related	VERB	 related
Historians have reached a limited consensus on the basics of Jesus ' life. Jesus was Jewish and born to Mary and Joseph. He grew up in Nazareth in Galilee. Leading scholars such as Bart Ehrman, E. P. Sanders, and Géza Vermes generally consider Joseph to	to	PART	be	AUX	 be
By 1918, UVX also had its own smelter in its own company town, Clemenceau, a part of Cottonwood. In 1917, two miners ' strikes involving the Industrial Workers of the World (IWW), which had been organizing strikes elsewhere in Arizona and other	other	ADJ	states	NOUN	 states
However, neither of the two add ons were particularly well received by critics. StarCraft also marked the debut of Blizzard Entertainment's film department. Previously, cinematic cut scenes were seen as simply gap fillers that often deviated from the game, but with StarCraft and later	later	ADV	Brood	PROPN	 Brood
Juristic discretion is defined as: A means to seek ease and convenience, To adopt tolerance and moderation, To over rule analogical reason, if necessary. The source, inspired by the principle of conscience, is a last resort if none of the widely accepted sources	sources	NOUN	are	AUX	 are
Such faith as theirs & such conscientiousness set us a gt. example. " At Balmoral Castle, the Queen's Scottish estate, Karim was allocated the room previously occupied by John Brown, a favourite servant of the Queen's who had died in 1883. Despite	Despite	SCONJ	the	DET	 the
Three plays later Mark Ingram ran it in from two yards out, and Alabama went ahead 7 – 6. After an exchange of punts, Bama took possession on the Texas 49 yard line, and on the second play Trent Richardson burst through a hole in the	the	DET	middle	NOUN	 middle
The song features guitar and bass instrumentation, and according to the Daily Mail, evokes the music of harmony groups from the 1960s. John Mulvey of NME characteristed the song as having " tasteful slippery beats, tasteful acoustic guitars, [and] the usual indolent harmonies	harmonies	NOUN	"	PUNCT	 "
Phantasia and Eternia have also received anime adaptations. The series ' first theatrical film, a prequel to Vesperia called Tales of Vesperia: The First Strike, was released in 2009 in Japan and 2012 in North America. A made for television anime based on the opening	opening	NOUN	sections	NOUN	 sections
However, the King and Queen drove down from Windsor to visit the dying man on 14 October. He received hundreds of sympathetic letters from friends and supporters. He wrote to John Simon, who had served as Chancellor of the Exchequer in Chamberlain's government: [	[	X	I	X	I
It also explains the frequent use of ostraca and limestone flakes as writing media for shorter written works. In addition to stone, ceramic ostraca, and papyrus, writing media also included wood, ivory, and plaster. By the Roman Period of Egypt, the traditional	traditional	ADJ	Egyptian	ADJ	 Egyptian
Already in 1878, voices sounded for Reitz to run for the presidency, but President Brand's position was still very strong and Reitz openly praised his qualities and refused to stand against him. In the late 1870s and early 1880s the political temperature ran high in the	the	DET	Orange	PROPN	 Orange
This raised concerns as to the pace of the character's movement. Taking into account similar criticisms from fans of earlier games, the characters ' speed was increased. This aspect was undergoing revision until quite late into development. When designing the game's main setting,	,	PUNCT	the	DET	 the
It consisted of 17 nonpartisan members who were elected or appointed from three different Norwegian groups — SNSK employees, government employees and others, although the ratio changed several times. Svalbard Samfunnsdrift (SSD), a limited company which was responsible for public infrastructure and services in	in	ADP	Longyearbyen	PROPN	 Longyearbyen
Sir Alf Ramsey briefly managed the club before Jim Smith took over in 1978. With relegation a certainty, the club sold Trevor Francis to Nottingham Forest, making him the first player transferred for a fee of £1 million; Francis had scored a total of 133	133	NUM	goals	NOUN	 goals
This scale was devised in 1971 to categorize tropical cyclones based on their maximum sustained winds. The storm is estimated to have maintained winds of approximately 100 mph (155 km / h) for several days as it passed well to the north of the Lesser Antilles.	.	PUNCT	As	SCONJ	 As
On the introduction of young Sherlock, Moffat noted that it was the logical course to take after the introduction of the Holmes parents: " Once you've got the parents in and you've got the sibling rivalry and stuff, people start to think, ' well	well	INTJ	what	PRON	 what
The judge tells Tritter that she does not believe House to be the drug dealer that Tritter tried to show him to be and orders Tritter to move on after House is exonerated due to Cuddy committing perjury. Just before the bailiff escorts House out of the courtroom,	,	PUNCT	Tritter	PROPN	 Tritter
" Thank God I Found You was performed live at the 2000 American Music Awards as well as on several European programs, including Top of the Pops and Friday Night's All Wright in the United Kingdom, NRJ and Soulier d'Or in France, Wetten, dass..	..	PUNCT	?	PUNCT	?
Piper also stated that a figure of as many as 1.5 million total deaths was possible. By nation, the greatest number of Auschwitz's Jewish victims were from Hungary, accounting for 438,000 deaths, followed by Polish Jews (300,000 deaths), French (69,000)	)	PUNCT	,	PUNCT	,
In response to Syria's worsening economy, which Nasser attributed to its control by the bourgeoisie, in July 1961, Nasser decreed socialist measures that nationalized wide ranging sectors of the Syrian economy. He also dismissed Sarraj in September to curb the growing political crisis. Aburish	Aburish	ADJ	states	NOUN	 states
" Desi Arnaz, Jr. voiced his support of the film, stating that he and his sister Lucie Arnaz, " loved the story being told in this movie. " Arnaz, Jr. said, " It is an amazing saga of people in search of the American	American	ADJ	dream	NOUN	 dream
In the speech, he lampooned the remote town of Duluth, Minnesota. The Duluth speech was eventually reprinted in several publications and brought Knott national acclaim. He did not stand for re election in 1870, instead making a failed run for the office of governor.	.	PUNCT	In	ADP	 In
Mountfort notably altered the use of a segmented arch rather than one in the Romanesque style; the latter of which was considered by Augustus Pugin to be fundamentally important to the Gothic style. The college posed a challenge in its main hall; on the hall's completion	completion	NOUN	in	ADP	 in
It is the fifth and final consecutive Bond film to be directed by John Glen. It also marks Timothy Dalton's second and final performance in the role of James Bond. The story has elements of two Ian Fleming short stories and a novel, interwoven with aspects	aspects	NOUN	from	ADP	 from
Heartbroken over the loss of his lover, Wright did not mark the grave because he could not bear to be reminded of the tragedy. He also did not hold a funerary service for Borthwick, although he did fund and attend services for his employees. Wright struggled	struggled	VERB	with	ADP	 with
Will walks out on her and spends the night at the school, sleeping on one of the mattresses given to the glee club in payment for their commercial. Sue informs Will that the club receiving payment for the commercial revokes their amateur status, and thus their eligibility	eligibility	NOUN	to	PART	 to
Brown has supported a presumption of shared parenting after divorce and was a co sponsor of Fathers and Families HB 1460. He also voted for reauthorization of the Violence Against Women Act in 2012. Brown has stated that Roe v. Wade is settled law and is self described	described	VERB	as	ADP	 as
Fellig takes a photo just as Ritter enters and shoots. The bullet passes right through the camera and through Fellig into Scully, who collapses. While Ritter rushes to call an ambulance, Fellig asks Scully whether she saw Death and begs her to close her eyes.	.	PUNCT	He	PRON	 He
Gough and Millar believed that Lana's behavior toward Clark (for refusing to reveal his secret) made her come across as cold and unsympathetic. When Smallville first began, Lana was in a romantic relationship with Whitney Fordman, the star quarterback of the football team.	.	PUNCT	Kreuk	PROPN	 Kreuk
Licking and Harrison townships were original to the county. Washington Township, which is named after President George Washington, was created June 29, 1839, by the county commissioners. Jackson Township, which is thought to be named after President Andrew Jackson, was created by	by	ADP	the	DET	 the
Kofi Annan praised him as " an inspiration for all of us to act when we can and to have the courage to help those who are suffering and in need of help ". The memorial's design (see photo) has been considered inappropriate by some critics	critics	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
The Constitution was the product of a series of constitutional conventions in the 1890s. The issues of religious freedom and secularism were not prominent in the convention debates, which focused on the economic and legislative powers of the proposed Commonwealth parliament. The first draft of Section 116	116	NUM	,	PUNCT	,
According to Drew Grant of The New York Observer, Claire's season long storyline was similar to the real life efforts of United States Senator Kirsten Gillibrand's to legislate an end to military sexual assault. Based upon the 4 episode preview, Alessandra Stanley of The New	New	PROPN	York	PROPN	 York
In 1938, he and Walter Grant oversaw excavations at the Neolithic settlement of Rinyo; excavation ceased during the Second World War, but resumed in 1946. Childe continued writing and publishing books on archaeology, beginning with a series of works following on from The Dawn of	of	ADP	European	PROPN	 European
A total of 102,069 were under the age of six, comprising 52,275 males and 49,794 females. The average literacy of the city was 82.43%, compared to the national average of 72.99%. There were a total of 425,115 workers, comprising 1,539 cultivators, 2,908	2,908	NUM	main	ADJ	 main
The novel provides motivation and backstory to Snake and Hauk — both disillusioned war veterans — deepening their relationship that was only hinted at it in the film. The novel explains how Snake lost his eye during the Battle for Leningrad in World War III, how Hauk became	became	VERB	warden	ADV	 warden
He met Morton at a dinner party during World War I, in her hometown of Washington, D.C. Before the marriage, she had worked as his private secretary. As with his first marriage, his second did not produce children, but Charles and Cornelia adopted a	a	DET	daughter	NOUN	 daughter
Because of the physical size of the end fire array, few concert venues are able to implement it. The output pattern suffers from comb filtering off axis, but can be further shaped by adjusting the frequency response of each row of subwoofers. A long line of	of	ADP	subwoofers	NOUN	 subwoofers
The Federal Reserve Bank of Chicago, at 230 South LaSalle Street, was built in a Greco Roman style and contained the largest vaults in the world and one of the first building wide wired communication systems. Both the Federal Reserve Bank and 208 South LaSalle demonstrate the	the	DET	popularity	NOUN	 popularity
The next day, Grant and Eric hear Paul's satellite phone ringing and are reunited with the Kirbys and Billy. Paul explains that he gave the phone to Nash before he was devoured, and the group sees the Spinosaurus once again, with the phone ringing from	from	ADP	inside	ADP	 inside
Several other authors suggested similar taxonomic rearrangements around the same time. In 1979, Herbert Thomas and Surinder Verma agreed that Indraloris and Sivaladapis were adapids, but placed them in a subfamily of their own, Sivaladapinae. Also in 1979, Frederick Szalay and Eric Delson placed	placed	VERB	Indraloris	PROPN	 Indraloris
Flight 232 took off at 14: 09 (CDT) from Stapleton International Airport, Denver, Colorado, bound for O'Hare International Airport in Chicago with continuing service to Philadelphia International Airport. At 15: 16, while the plane was in a shallow right turn at	at	ADP	37,000	NUM	 37,000
Located at the intersection of Blackstone Avenue, Lake Park Avenue, and Forty Ninth Street, the library is modeled after the James Blackstone Library in Branford, Connecticut. Blackstone Avenue running along the 1436 east block from 4900 south (starting behind Blackstone Library) to 10350	10350	NUM	south	NOUN	 south
The use of dried beef was so widespread that it was often called " Quaker gravy " in the 18th century. Though the Quaker influence from the Northern Midlands was the most dominant, there was some influence from German immigrants during the 18th century. Scrapple, a	a	DET	pot	NOUN	 pot
His AIF appointment was terminated on 30 September 1916 and he was posted to the 5th Military District, the military district covering the state of Western Australia. Northcott was granted the honorary rank of major on 1 January 1919, and the brevet rank on 1 January 1920	1920	NUM	,	PUNCT	,
They composed the song and recorded Carey's vocals. Knowing she wanted to introduce a male vocalist on the track, Lewis brought R & B singer Joe and pop group 98 Degrees into the studio. After a few hours, the group and Joe had recorded all	all	DET	their	PRON	 their
Whitmore was replaced in the lead role by comedian Paul Lynde and Asher was replaced as producer by Duke Vincent and Bruce Johnson in the second season. The series was re titled The New Temperatures Rising Show, and featured a new supporting cast consisting of: Sudie Bond	Bond	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
USC was also at the top of the first AP Poll, released on August 18, with 62 of 65 first place votes, with No. 2 LSU receiving 2 votes and No. 3 West Virginia receiving one. In mid August, all twelve experts polled	polled	VERB	by	ADP	 by
The cameras were fitted with Zeiss digital zoom lenses, making U2 3D the first 3D film shot using a zoom lens. One of the Fusion 3D camera rigs was used as a Spydercam and became the first 3D aerial camera. The cameras on each rig were spaced	spaced	VERB	eye	NOUN	 eye
Havers added, " He's been feeling terrible because he did the dirty on her and he wants to make amends. " Lewis ' presence on the Street infuriates Gail, who still holds a grudge for the way he treated Audrey. Gail hopes Lewis may have	have	AUX	left	VERB	 left
Several more anti Christian outbursts followed. By 1736, there were better relations between the two groups. From 1761 onwards, Hyder Ali, a distinguished soldier in the Mysore army, took de facto control of the throne of the Kingdom of Mysore through the Wodeyar dynasty	dynasty	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
He missed five weeks during the middle of the season and, although he was named best on ground in his comeback match, Hall said that another injury would probably be the end of his career. He played out the reason of the season and finished in ninth	ninth	ADJ	place	NOUN	 place
As the eruption continues, pressure and heat decrease and the chemistry of the lava becomes slightly more silica rich. The curtain of lava responds by breaking apart into separate vents. Various types of volcanoes may form at these vents: gas rich pulverized lava creates cinder cones	cones	NOUN	(	PUNCT	 (
Players not good enough to fall under the 140 Rule had their scholarships withdrawn before the end of each year by the other schools. Dodd insisted the recruiting of athletes by this method amounted to nothing more than a tryout for a scholarship. Dodd would not allow any	any	PRON	of	ADP	 of
She was awarded a Worst Actress Razzie Award in 2005 for this role. She appeared at the ceremony to accept the award in person (making her the third person, and second actor, ever to do so) with a sense of humor, considering it an	an	DET	experience	NOUN	 experience
The membership clause was in the portion of the Smith Act that made it a crime " to organize or help to organize any society, group, or assembly of persons who teach, advocate, or encourage the overthrow or destruction of any government in the United States	States	PROPN	by	ADP	 by
Compton returned upon the fall of the fifth wicket to revive the innings and Lindwall ended with 4 / 99 after having Godfrey Evans caught behind from an expansive cut shot. England ended on 363 all out on the second day; Compton made an unbeaten 145. Lindwall	Lindwall	PROPN	had	AUX	 had
As mentioned, there are grounds for instead referring to this compound as astatine hydride. It is easily oxidized; acidification by dilute nitric acid gives the At0 or At + forms, and the subsequent addition of silver (I) may only partially, at best,	,	PUNCT	precipitate	ADJ	 precipitate
Another trademark of Diamond Rio's sound is the custom built B Bender guitar played by Olander. He refers to this instrument as the " Taxicaster " because of its yellow body and black and white checkered pickguard, which give it the coloration of a taxicab. Diamond	Diamond	PROPN	Rio	PROPN	 Rio
The River Mersey forms Didsbury's southern and southwestern boundaries and certain stretches of the river also demarcate the boundaries of the City of Manchester. The area is generally considered to be roughly enclosed by Princess Parkway to the west, Kingsway to the east and the Ball Brook	Brook	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
The book was adapted into a two part episode for the Goosebumps television series. Airing as episodes 8 and 9 of the third season, the first episode aired on October 25, 1997 and the second episode aired on November 1, 1997. The character Clay was	was	AUX	not	PART	 not
Despite this, they were always painted in whichever colour scheme was currently in use by the LSWR (SR after 1923), to match the livery of the passenger cars and locomotives loaned to the LNC. As with the carriages for living passengers, the hearse vans	vans	NOUN	were	AUX	 were
The strongest winds were confined to a very small area near the edge of the convection. Initially, the hurricane was tracking west southwestward, steered by a mid level ridge to its northwest. On September 12, the entrainment of drier air weakened Florence to tropical storm	storm	NOUN	status	NOUN	 status
This is, nonetheless, the only surviving 1215 copy still to have its great seal attached. Lincoln Cathedral's original copy of the 1215 charter has been held by the county since 1215; it was displayed in the Common Chamber in the cathedral before being moved to	to	ADP	another	DET	 another
) The years since its initial release have solidified the high estimation of La Strada. It holds a 97% rating on the review aggregator website Rotten Tomatoes from 31 reviewers who, on average, scored it 8.7 on a scale of 10. Its numerous appearances on	on	ADP	lists	NOUN	 lists
Phosphorylation of a protein by a kinase can activate this cascade such as the mitogen activated protein kinase cascade. ATP is also used by adenylate cyclase and is transformed to the second messenger molecule cyclic AMP, which is involved in triggering calcium signals by the release of calcium	calcium	NOUN	from	ADP	 from
Services were held in people's homes in Lynn and later in Hawthorne Hall, Boston. On January 31, 1881, Eddy was granted a charter to form the Massachusetts Metaphysical College to teach " pathology, ontology, therapeutics, moral science, metaphysics, and their	their	PRON	application	NOUN	 application
The band did a large amount of writing before leaving on tour, but upon completion of the tour, they took time off to " take a couple of months and chill and do other stuff, " with intentions to regroup in 2010. In June and July	July	PROPN	2010	NUM	 2010
Wilkins gave credit to other movements, such as the Freedom Rides, the integration of the University of Mississippi, and campaigns to end public school segregation. Birmingham's public schools were integrated in September 1963. Governor Wallace sent National Guard troops to keep black students out	out	ADP	but	CCONJ	 but
In 1985, football ground writer Simon Inglis described the view from the main stand, which was still the same as when it was developed in 1908, as " like watching football from the cockpit of a Sopwith Camel " because of its antiquated supports and struts.	.	PUNCT	On	ADP	 On
Other politicians who attended UH include Gene Green, a Democratic politician and a U.S. congressman from the state of Texas representing that state's 29th congressional district, which includes most of eastern Houston, along with large portions of Houston's eastern suburbs; and Ted Poe,	,	PUNCT	a	DET	 a
" Johansson received her fourth Golden Globe nomination, and one from the Chicago Film Critics Association, for Best Supporting Actress. In another collaboration with Allen, she was cast opposite Hugh Jackman and Allen in the 2006 film Scoop. While the film enjoyed a modest worldwide	worldwide	ADJ	box	NOUN	 box
Women are capable of rationality; it only appears that they are not, because men have refused to educate them and encouraged them to be frivolous (Wollstonecraft describes silly women as " spaniels " and " toys "). While stressing it is of the same kind	kind	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
Although I felt there were excellent interpretations of baroque music performed on modern instruments, I sensed that we'd come to the end of the road – and yet I knew that there were still discoveries to be made. I was thinking about the interesting experiments made by	by	ADP	Nikolaus	PROPN	 Nikolaus
The occasion was marked by a parading of the Queen's Colour and a flypast by six CT 4s in front of the new CAS, Air Marshal Barry Gration. This was followed by a service at the RAAF Chapel of the Holy Trinity overflown by four Winjeels and	and	CCONJ	a	DET	 a
It was broadcast on July 17, 2011, and was the first original Breaking Bad episode in 13 months, since the third season finale episode " Full Measure " aired in June 2010. AMC officials delayed the fourth season premiere until July because they felt the Nielsen	Nielsen	PROPN	ratings	NOUN	 ratings
Nevertheless, the book managed to break records regarding the number of copies pre ordered before the release. Nicholas Callaway pointed out that the book was an unprecedented hit, because the print run of an average art book ranges between 5 and 10,000 units. He described it	it	PRON	as	ADP	 as
He officially assumed that position when the 109th Congress convened on January 4, 2005. On March 9, 2006, a revision of the USA PATRIOT Act was signed into law. It amended the process for interim appointments of U.S. Attorneys, a clause Specter wrote during	during	ADP	his	PRON	 his
It is known to have appeared in Missouri, United States, at least 4,000 years ago. Debates about the origin of C. pepo have been on going since at least 1857. There have traditionally been two opposing theories about its origin: 1) that it is	is	AUX	a	DET	 a
At her old school, meanwhile, her classmates have been led to believe that she was chosen for an elite social experiment, and when she returns she is treated like royalty. Esther later discovers that Mary has died in a motorcycle accident, and a grieving Sunni	Sunni	PROPN	is	AUX	 is
The standard Z 7 was fitted with Bramo 323P 1 radial engines and had a crew of three airmen. In comparison to the standard bomber version, the fuel load arrangement was altered by subdividing into cells. Two cells were in the wings, with a capacity of	of	ADP	770	NUM	 770
This species is mainly diurnal, especially in the north of its range. Further south it is said to be active in the evening, and it may even be active at night during the summer months. It is predominantly a terrestrial species, although it has been	been	AUX	known	VERB	 known
India's higher speed rail will be in the range of 160 and 200 km / h (99 and 124 mph). On 3 July 2014, a trail run with the new top speeds of 160 km / h (99 mph) was successfully completed on	on	ADP	a	DET	 a
In 1977, the pilot episode of The Amazing Spider Man television series was released by Columbia Pictures as a feature film outside of the United States. In 1978, episodes from the television series were re edited and released outside of the United States as a feature film	film	NOUN	titled	VERB	 titled
Queen Elizabeth II and Prince Philip, Duke of Edinburgh, attended the funeral, the second time in the Queen's reign that she had attended the funeral of a former prime minister (the first being that of Winston Churchill in 1965). After the service at	at	ADP	St	PROPN	 St
The Cyclops class ships had a complete waterline belt of wrought iron that was 8 inches (203 mm) thick amidships and thinned to 6 inches (152 mm) at the ends. The superstructure and conning tower was fully armoured, the reason it was called a	a	DET	breastwork	NOUN	 breastwork
The French Air Force bombarded Antioch for 17 days until the rebels withdrew to Narlija. On 18 April, taking advantage of the diversion of French forces to Gaziantep where a major battle between French and Turkish forces was taking place, Hananu decided to attack the French garrison	garrison	NOUN	at	ADP	 at
Lanthanum was first found by the Swedish chemist Carl Gustav Mosander in 1839 as an impurity in cerium nitrate – hence the name lanthanum, from the Ancient Greek λανθάνειν (lanthanein), meaning " to lie hidden ". Although it is classified as a rare earth element	element	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
The city assumed maintenance of the road on May 1, after it had been paved from Tide Street to Ocean Beach. Private citizens paid for over $100,000 of the costs, and the city was to pay for $12,000, according to an agreement made in	in	ADP	1904	NUM	 1904
" The Power of Equality " confronted topics concerning racial equality, prejudice and sexism. Kiedis wrote " I Could Have Lied " to document the brief relationship he had with Irish singer Sinéad O'Connor. All photography, paintings and art direction for Blood Sugar Sex Magik were	were	AUX	credited	VERB	 credited
New York Attorney General Eliot Spitzer described helping Brown win the Mayoral race as his " biggest campaign priority " in the last month and a half before Primary Day. Buffalo, which had an 8: 1 Democrat to Republican ratio and a 38% black population,	,	PUNCT	was	AUX	 was
However, from 16 April onwards, it was apparent that the Nivelle Offensive was failing and Haig came under pressure to keep the Germans occupied in the Arras sector to minimise French losses. At 04: 45 on 23 April, following two days of poor visibility and	and	CCONJ	freezing	VERB	 freezing
Polonius, spying on the conversation from behind a tapestry, makes a noise. Hamlet, believing it is Claudius, stabs wildly, killing Polonius, but pulls aside the curtain and sees his mistake. In a rage, Hamlet brutally insults his mother for her apparent	apparent	ADJ	ignorance	NOUN	 ignorance
Some of them were seized by the protesters, who also broke into the local government buildings. 57 people were killed and several hundred injured in two days of fighting. Several major military formations entered the scene, but the army's role was mainly that of support	support	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
Like much else concerning the tradition, its origins are not well understood, although the valleys around Tequila, Jalisco, which include the archaeological sites of Huitzilapa and Teuchitlan, constitute its " undisputed core ". The tradition lasted until at least 300 CE although there is	is	VERB	not	PART	 not
Biographer Barney Hoskyns observed that both the seclusion of Woodstock and the discipline and sense of tradition in the Hawks ' musicianship were just what Dylan needed after the " globe trotting psychosis " of the 1965 – 66 tour. Dylan began to write and record new material at	at	ADP	the	DET	 the
During that same academic term, College President James O. Freedman predicted that the Greek system at Dartmouth would be coeducational within 10 years. In 1999, the college administration announced a " Residential and Social Life Initiative " to improve campus life. Speculation that all single sex	sex	NOUN	fraternities	NOUN	 fraternities
Johnson led on the lap 238 restart. Four laps later Kvapil made heavy contact with the wall after being bumped and Tony Raines ' car had a cut tire from contact with Ragan, prompting the seventh caution. Most of the leaders, including Johnson, again made	made	VERB	pit	NOUN	 pit
Farmers resisted forced resettlement and petitioned for permanent land rights to the irrigated land (which was usually held as property of the Office du Niger). Despite these efforts, a significant cash crop economy did not develop in the French Sudan. Like much of the rest	rest	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
He can do it by setting the negro free. Suppose that was an awful big snake down there, on the floor. He bite you. Folks all scared, because you die. You send for a doctor to cut the bite; but the snake,	,	PUNCT	he	PRON	 he
The song debuted at number 57 on the UK Singles Chart and number six on the UK R & B Singles Chart for the issue dated December 28, 2013. It eventually peaked at numbers nine and three respectively in February 2014; it marked Beyoncé's seventeenth top	top	ADJ	10	NUM	 10
" All the Best Cowboys Have Daddy Issues " received a 6.8 in the ages 18 – 49 demographic in the Nielsen ratings. The episode was watched by 18.88 million viewers, the sixth largest audience in American television the week it aired. It was also an improvement	improvement	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
Adjacent to Polk Place is a sunken brick courtyard known as the Pit where students will gather, often engaging in lively debate with speakers such as the Pit Preacher. The Morehead – Patterson Bell Tower, located in the heart of campus, tolls the quarter hour.	.	PUNCT	In	ADP	 In
The submarine had a maximum surface speed of 18.2 knots (33.7 km / h; 20.9 mph) and a maximum submerged speed of 7.7 knots (14.3 km / h; 8.9 mph). When submerged, the boat could operate for 65 – 78 nautical miles	miles	NOUN	(	PUNCT	 (
Infection by the fungal species Anthracostroma persooniae results in leaf spot disease. P. levis is the food plant of the larvae of the weevil species Eurhynchus laevior. Colletid bees of the genus Leioproctus subgenus Cladocerapis exclusively forage on and pollinate flowers of many species of Persoonia. Bees	Bees	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
She reminds Kurt that the club members value him highly and that he is not alone, and asks him to sing the Judy Garland / Barbra Streisand duet of " Get Happy " and " Happy Days Are Here Again " with her. In " Never Been Kissed	Kissed	PROPN	"	PUNCT	 "
Amaro received a standing ovation from the audience and panel of judges alike. The performance of Amaro also brought Nicole Scherzinger to tears. She said: " This is why I do this. People like you inspire me. You made a believer out of me.	.	PUNCT	Thank	VERB	 Thank
The Planning Screen has two maps; the smaller one on the bottom left shows the operational area and the larger map a close up view of the region selected by the player. Shown on the maps are the continuously updated positions of the Marines and their enemies.	.	PUNCT	The	DET	 The
His book provided a list of types of death (strangulation, drowning, poison, blows, etc.) and a means of physical examination in order to distinguish between murder, suicide, or accident. Besides instructions on proper ways to examine corpses, Song Ci	Ci	PROPN	also	ADV	 also
Meanwhile, a broad high pressure area moved over the United States behind an intense storm that moved eastward into the Atlantic Ocean. Connected to the cyclone was a shear line stretching from Bermuda to the Caribbean Sea, which spawned an upper level low over open waters.	.	PUNCT	It	PRON	 It
They now begin to manufacture their own army of Sunstreaker bodies. Shockwave and the Dynobots are excavated up by archaeologists in Eureka, Nevada and Skywatch takes over the area. In Oregon, two young humans wonder whether to buy Soundwave, still trapped in cassette player mode	mode	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
A versatile athlete, he played as goalkeeper for the football clubs Hajduk in Osijek and HAŠK in Zagreb. He also played tennis and was one of the founders of the Drava rowing club in Osijek. For a short period of time, Blažeković was a member of	of	ADP	the	DET	 the
The album was originally intended to be frontman Neil Finn's third solo release. In the wake of Paul Hester's death, as well as preparations for the release of the live album Farewell to the World, the band members were drawn together and their friendship was	was	AUX	reinvigorated	VERB	 reinvigorated
He turned down the offer of a posting home to Southern Rhodesia as an instructor and, after a refresher course in Egypt, travelled to Corsica to rejoin No. 237 Squadron, which was by now flying Spitfire Mk IXs. Smith reported for duty with No.	.	NOUN	237	NUM	 237
In 1897, the Hungarian government decided that only Hungarian place names should be used and prohibited the use of the German or Romanian versions of the city's name on official government documents. In the autumn of 1918, as World War I drew to a close,	,	PUNCT	Cluj	PROPN	 Cluj
Outside Poland, Sienkiewicz's popularity declined beginning in the interbellum, except for Quo Vadis, which retained relative fame thanks to several film adaptations, including a notable American one in 1951. In Poland his works are still widely read; he is seen as a classic	classic	ADJ	author	NOUN	 author
NY 32B was gradually truncated as time went on. In the early 1940s, NY 32B was cut back on its east end to its junction with US 4 in Hudson Falls, eliminating its lengthy overlap with US 4 along the Hudson River. The route would have	have	AUX	been	AUX	 been
Durkheim's period in Germany resulted in the publication of numerous articles on German social science and philosophy; Durkheim was particularly impressed by the work of Wilhelm Wundt. Durkheim's articles gained recognition in France, and he received a teaching appointment in the University of Bordeaux in	in	ADP	1887	NUM	 1887
In a BBC interview in 1971, Sellers had said that more than anything else, he wanted to play the role, and successfully persuaded the author of the book Jerzy Kosinski to allow him and director Hal Ashby to make the film, provided he could write the	the	DET	script	NOUN	 script
Randall Roberts of Los Angeles Times saw the video as " basically like 20 different Vogue shoots documented and spliced. There is no plot other than the basic lyrical premise, " I need you to pay more attention to me, " given heft by a syllabically rocky	rocky	ADJ	first	ADJ	 first
The terminal building at L.F. Wade International Airport was flooded after the storm compromised its roof and sprinkler system. Along the coast, the storm unmoored and destroyed numerous boats. Immediately after the hurricane, 200 Bermuda Regiment soldiers were called to clear debris and assist in initial	initial	ADJ	damage	NOUN	 damage
In 1975, Jones registered as a Democrat, citing his disenchantment with the Nixon administration and his desire to participate in Kentucky primary elections. At the time, Democrats outnumbered Republicans in Kentucky by a 2 to 1 margin. Governor John Y. Brown, Jr. named him	him	PRON	to	ADP	 to
A rigorous quarantine policy was implemented in Australia; although this reduced the immediate impact of the flu, the nation's death toll surpassed 11,500. When the pandemic struck in 1918, the ships of the Royal Australian Navy were dispersed throughout the world. The speed at	at	ADP	which	PRON	 which
' And then when Wayne got on it ' Look at Me Now ' became a radio record. It just took off from there. " " Look at Me Now " is a " dirty south inspired " hip hop song that features American rappers Lil Wayne and	and	CCONJ	Busta	PROPN	 Busta
They belittled the role of the masses and the role of the Party, disparaged collective leadership, undermined inner party democracy, suppressed the activeness of party members, their initiative and enterprise, led to lack of control, irresponsibility, and even arbitrariness in the work of	of	ADP	individuals	NOUN	 individuals
When they reached the moor Brady took the child with him while Hindley waited in the car. Brady sexually assaulted Kilbride and attempted to slit his throat with a six inch serrated blade before fatally strangling him with a piece of string, possibly a shoelace. Twelve year	year	NOUN	old	ADJ	 old
Paired with Usher, Beyoncé dances seductively and flirts with him to portray a naughty girl. She felt that they were a " perfect match " for the dancing scenes in the video. According to Usher, the video is a homage to classic " ultimate entertainers "	"	PUNCT	;	PUNCT	;
Instead, a wheelchair lift was installed, but it proved not to work. The area around the doors are step free from the platform, but within the trains steps must be taken to reach the seating area. The Norwegian Federation of Organisations of Disabled People have	have	AUX	criticized	VERB	 criticized
It is the tenth track on their 1987 album The Joshua Tree. " Exit " was developed from a lengthy jam that was recorded in a single take and edited down to a shorter arrangement. The lyrics, which portray the mind of a serial killer, were	were	AUX	inspired	VERB	 inspired
Whereas previous incarnations of the system had not allowed for national servicemen to be sent overseas (within various definitions of that term), the new scheme was implemented with the express purpose of sending these recruits overseas as Australia's commitments in the region required a large scale	scale	NOUN	increase	NOUN	 increase
She displaced 23,088 long tons (23,458 t) at normal load, and 25,086 long tons (25,489 t) at deep load. She had a crew of 31 officers and 969 enlisted men. The ship's machinery consisted of four Parsons steam turbines, each driving	driving	VERB	one	NUM	 one
When it was Bobby Lashley's turn his pod wouldn't open, he could not exit it because Heyman's Security Force had bolted the door shut. Lashley then used the table that was with him to smash through the pod, allowing him to escape. He	He	PRON	then	ADV	 then
The bridge was poorly designed and dangerous both to its users and to passing shipping, and boats often collided with it. To reduce the dangers to shipping, two piers were removed and the sections of the bridge above them were strengthened with iron girders. Although dangerous	dangerous	ADJ	and	CCONJ	 and
The team's time on each was calculated by taking the best three riders from that team and adding their times together; the team with the lowest cumulative time was the leader of the classification. Another jersey was awarded at the end of each stage. This was	was	AUX	a	DET	 a
Howe was sent to North America in March 1775, arriving in May after the American War of Independence broke out. After leading British troops to a costly victory in the Battle of Bunker Hill, Howe took command of all British forces in America from Thomas Gage in	in	ADP	September	PROPN	 September
When Derek and Sharon return home after dinner, they discover that Lisa had been in the house and seemingly abducted Derek and Sharon's infant son, Kyle (Nathan and Nicolas Myers). Derek goes to his car with the intent to pursue Lisa, only to	to	PART	find	VERB	 find
Eleven British alpine skiers took part in the Games, ten in the men's events and one in the women's. All five of Britain's medals at the Games were won in alpine skiing events. The team's only silver medal was won by Richard Burt	Burt	PROPN	in	ADP	 in
Meanwhile, it was revealed that SingNet had consented to Odex's application, had not instructed its lawyers to attend the hearing, and the two week deadline for appealing against the application had passed. SingNet's failure to contest Odex's application, perhaps even expediting it	it	PRON	,	PUNCT	,
According to the United Kingdom Census 2001, the census locality (town and sub area) of Giffnock had a total resident population of 16,178, or 18% of the total of East Renfrewshire. The median age of males and females living in Giffnock was 39 and	and	CCONJ	43	NUM	 43
He has been described as an " immensely talented striker " who is " strong and powerful " and " a potent finisher from inside the box ". Benzema was born in the city of Lyon and began his football career with local club Bron Terraillon. In 1996	1996	NUM	,	PUNCT	,
Patrick Kolan of IGN Australia gave the film an enormous amount of praise, awarding it a perfect 10 / 10 and saying " It's the Watchmen film you always wanted to see, but never expected to get. " Also praising the film along with another perfect	perfect	ADJ	score	NOUN	 score
After the summer season ended in early October 1960, Storm and the Hurricanes were free to travel to Hamburg, replacing Derry and the Seniors at the Kaiserkeller. They arrived in Hamburg on 1 October 1960, having negotiated to be paid more than the Seniors or the	the	DET	Beatles	NOUN	 Beatles
Irreemplazable peaked at number 105 on the Billboard 200, and has sold 57,000 copies in the United States. It also appeared on the Top R & B / Hip Hop Albums, the Top Latin Albums and the Latin Pop Albums charts. " Bello Embustero " including	including	VERB	on	ADP	 on
Together with the 1972 Apple concert film directed by Saul Swimmer, the album gained Indian classical music its largest Western audience up until that time. The album was reissued in 2005, in remastered form, featuring a new cover. Among the many words of acclaim that	that	PRON	have	AUX	 have
" The single peaked at number 80 on the Billboard Hot 100, while reaching 67 in Austria and 57 in Germany. The second single, " He Said She Said, " originally released as a promo single for the album, was sent to mainstream radio on	on	ADP	November	PROPN	 November
Similar behaviour is seen in species that practice resource defence polygyny. The territories probably provided all the food the birds needed in adittion to acting as breeding areas, and there was probably intense competition for favourable territories. The fact that Rodrigues island shrank by 90% at	at	ADP	the	DET	 the
In 2011, Zinta made her television debut as the host of the show Guinness World Records – Ab India Todega on Colors Channel. An Indian version of Guinness Book of World Records, the show premiered on 18 March to an audience measurement of 3.3 rating points,	,	PUNCT	which	PRON	 which
One of the forward bases used for these operations was at Bound Brook, located on the Raritan River upriver from New Brunswick, the major British camp in New Jersey. The post was responsible for patrolling three bridges across the Raritan likely to be used by the British	British	PROPN	in	ADP	 in
The European nightjar feeds on a wide variety of flying insects, including moths, beetles, mantises, dragonflies, cockroaches and flies. It will pick glowworms off vegetation. It consumes grit to aid with digesting its prey, but any plant material and non flying invertebrates	invertebrates	NOUN	consumed	VERB	 consumed
He did not breathe in the last ten metres, and claimed to be laughing for the final five metres, confident that his opponent could not pass him. The Australian freestyler had finished his leg in 49.86 s as he had vowed to his team mates. The	The	DET	time	NOUN	 time
Bickerton (1973: 641) even went so far as to claim that principled description of interdialectal code switching would be impossible without such rules. An example of this concept is presented in Saporta (1965: 223) with a phonological difference between Castilian and Uruguayan Spanish	Spanish	PROPN	:	PUNCT	:
The Allied armies had enacted their Dyle plan on the morning of 10 May, and were approaching the Belgian rear. King Leopold had gone to his Headquarters near Briedgen, Antwerp. The Luftwaffe was to spearhead the aerial battle in the low countries. Its first task	task	NOUN	was	AUX	 was
An on screen clock tracks the day and time. Link can return to 6: 00 am on the first day by playing the " Song of Time " on the Ocarina of Time. If he does not before the 72 hours expire, then the moon will	will	AUX	destroy	VERB	 destroy
" Despite his criticism of the AI, GameSpot's Craig Beers scored the game 8.4 out of 10, writing " It manages to take all the fun parts from its predecessor and greatly expands them to create an engaging, new action game in its own right.	.	PUNCT	"	PUNCT	 "
The Jets recovered to 7 – 6, but then lost to the Atlanta Falcons on December 20, a defeat that caused Ryan to state that the Jets " were obviously out of the playoffs ". The next week, the Jets played the 14 – 0 Indianapolis	Indianapolis	PROPN	Colts	PROPN	 Colts
In 2012 the museum was headed by Sujatmiko. That year David Kristian Budhiyanto of Petra Christian University wrote that the museum was rarely visited and in some places poorly maintained. He posited this to be based on a popular view of museums as unexciting or boring places.	.	PUNCT	In	ADP	 In
Thüringen and her sisters were eventually ceded to the victorious Allied powers as war reparations; Thüringen was transferred to France in April 1920 and used as a target ship for the French Navy. She was sunk off Gavres and broken up in situ in 1923 – 1933,	,	PUNCT	though	SCONJ	 though
The updated setting also allowed the First World War to account for the lack of male staff at the house. The Freudian and libidinous elements some literary theorists have seen in James's story are particularly prevalent in the film, with Ann's repressed sexual feelings for the	the	DET	Master	PROPN	 Master
He is the 16th head coach of the Michigan Wolverines. The 2015 – 16 season is his ninth at Michigan. Beilein has won 665 career games at four year universities (including games that were not at the Division I level) and 732 games altogether, including	including	VERB	those	PRON	 those
It is assumed that the Saxons occupied the rest of Somerset about this time. The Saxon rule was consolidated under King Ine, who established a fort at Taunton, demolished by his wife in 722. It is sometimes said that he built palaces at Somerton and South	South	PROPN	Petherton	PROPN	 Petherton
It states that one of the daughters married Fergus of Galloway; while the other married John, Lord of Mull. It is unknown who these men could have been. In about 2004, a DNA project attempted to uncover the genetic origin of Clan MacLeod. The	The	DET	project	NOUN	 project
In 2000, Egypt's co production, entitled Alam Simsim (عالم سمسم), began to air throughout the Arab World and was broadcast in Arabic. Its curriculum focused on literacy, math, cognitive and social skills, girls ' education, the environment, and	and	CCONJ	health	NOUN	 health
Beginning in Pula, the largest city on the Istrian peninsula, it runs north to the Croatian motorway and expressway network at the Kanfanar interchange. Here it meets the A8 motorway, forming the Istrian Y road system. The A9 continues north from here to the Kaštel	Kaštel	PROPN	and	CCONJ	 and
After the funeral, Eleanor packed and moved out of the White House, returning to Val Kill. In instructions left for Eleanor in the event of his death, Franklin proposed turning over Hyde Park to the federal government as a museum, and she spent the following	following	ADJ	months	NOUN	 months
The dative case can be either grammatical or semantic, depending on the syntactic requirements of the verb. Demonstratives are similarly considered nominals in Wagiman, and take the same case suffixes depending on their semantic and syntactic roles; their function within the sentence. That is,	,	PUNCT	the	DET	 the
His direct reporting style in his column Red Privada (" Private Network "), which publicly exposed government and law enforcement corruption, organized crime, and drug trafficking, was distributed and read in over 200 newspapers across Mexico. Born in the state of Michoacán,	,	PUNCT	Buendía	PROPN	 Buendía
After completion of the palace, Hunt remained at Alupka working on an assortment of projects in and around the estate building long carriage drives, roads and structural improvements to the gardens surrounding the palace. One of his largest projects was an extension to the palace itself,	,	PUNCT	the	DET	 the
An Antarctic hiatus followed the return of Quest, there being no significant expeditions to the region for seven years. The expeditions that then followed were of a different character from their predecessors, belonging to the " mechanical age " that succeeded the Heroic Age. At the	the	DET	end	NOUN	 end
It is also known under the alternate title of A Blonde in Love. The fiction film tells the story of a young woman who has a routine job in a shoe factory in provincial Czechoslovakia. When the army holds maneuvers near her home town, the factory supervisor	supervisor	NOUN	organizes	VERB	 organizes
Brown had stated that win or lose in his 2014 New Hampshire Senatorial bid, he planned to remain a New Hampshire resident for the rest of his life. In January 2015, it was revealed that shortly after losing to Shaheen, Brown, age 55, filed	filed	VERB	an	DET	 an
The second cycle, the Devils Hill eruptive cycle, was similar in result, but was caused by the intrusion of a dike of new silicic magma that erupted from about 20 vents on the southeast side and from a smaller line on the north side. Unlike its	its	PRON	sister	NOUN	 sister
The Anglo Saxon kings built up a set of written laws, issued either as statutes or codes, but these laws were never written down in their entirety and were always supplemented by an extensive oral tradition of customary law. In the early part of the period local	local	ADJ	assemblies	NOUN	 assemblies
Almost immediately, the Partisan 3rd Corps commenced an offensive, attacking II / 28 at Srebrnik. It held on despite being pressed hard during two days of fighting against the 11th Krajina Division. By the end of the first week in September, divisional supply columns were	were	AUX	being	AUX	 being
Zagzebski argues that things in the world have objective moral properties, such as being lovable, which are given to them through God's perception of them. God's attitude towards something is cast as a morally good attitude. The theory casts God as a good example	example	NOUN	for	ADP	 for
The song begins with an emotionally frayed spoken word introduction by Leigh Anne Pinnock, " She captures her reflection then she throws the mirror to the floor / Her image is distorted, screaming ' Is it worth it anymore? " 4Music said that the spoken word introduction	introduction	NOUN	is	AUX	 is
" For Balukas's part, she returned to Bay Ridge, took over management of her family's pool hall, Hall of Fame Billiards on Ovington Avenue in Brooklyn, and states that " I'm enjoying my life immensely... I have moved on. " In	In	ADP	summing	VERB	 summing
Just before the cobble section of the Haaghoek, a neutral car by supplier Shimano tried to overtake the leading group and hit Sergent, who fell and had to retire with a broken collarbone, which later required surgery. With the lead group now down to six riders	riders	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
Wade Keller of the Pro Wrestling Torch rated the Ultimate X Challenge 4 and a fourth stars out of 5, while the main event 2 and three quarter stars out of 5. The Falls Count Anywhere match was given 3 and a fourth stars out of 5,	,	PUNCT	1	NUM	 1
Our people then fired over one another ’ s heads, being in a long column, two and two; they killed two and wounded eleven. Lieutenant Hawkstone, said to be the greatest beauty of the British army, had his cheeks so badly wounded that it	it	PRON	disfigured	VERB	 disfigured
The use of molecular phylogenetics confirmed that these morphologically diverse fungi form a distinct lineage, first termed the " russuloid clade " and today classified as order Russulales in the class Agaricomycetes. The family's sister group within the order appears to be the crust like Gloeocystidiellaceae.	.	PUNCT	A	DET	 A
This would have meant that there were a relatively small proportion of available workers to the number of mouths to feed. This have made it difficult to produce a surplus that would allow demographic growth and more complex societies to develop. From the formation of the Kingdom of	of	ADP	Alba	PROPN	 Alba
Among the deities said to take the form of a fish are Ika Roa of the Polynesians, Dagon of various ancient Semitic peoples, the shark gods of Hawaiʻi and Matsya of the Hindus. The astrological symbol Pisces is based on a constellation of the same name,	,	PUNCT	but	CCONJ	 but
" Regarding the resolution of the character at season four and dropping of Kartheiser from regular cast, Minear says that they had an idea at the conception of teenage Connor that he would only last a season, and " it was time to end the character's story	story	NOUN	"	PUNCT	 "
The findings and recommendations of the committee were later presented to the Gillard Government in November 2011, whereafter deliberations were entered into by the Federal and state governments to consider its content. The committee's report is known as the Gonski Report. Subsequently, the proposed reforms	reforms	NOUN	(	PUNCT	 (
Matsui worked in China between 1907 and 1911, and then again as resident officer in Shanghai between 1915 and 1919. In 1921 Matsui was posted to Siberia as a staff officer, but returned in 1922 to China where he served until 1924 as an advisor to Zhang	Zhang	PROPN	Zuolin	PROPN	 Zuolin
The ships were powered by two horizontal 2 cylinder single expansion steam engines; these drove a pair of 3 bladed screws.95 m (3 ft 1 in) on diameter. The engines were placed in a single engine room. Two locomotive boilers with two fireboxes apiece supplied	supplied	VERB	steam	NOUN	 steam
After the Restoration the formal frontier with England was re established, along with its customs duties. Economic conditions were generally favourable from 1660 to 1688, as land owners promoted better tillage and cattle raising. The monopoly of royal burghs over foreign trade was partially ended by	by	ADP	and	CCONJ	 and
A second video of the recording of the album surfaced subsequently on YouTube, depicting the band (this time including Alain Johannes) recording a new track, " Turning on the Screw " in studio. In early April, the official band website was updated with a	a	DET	37	NUM	 37
However, his continuing correspondence with Saint Germain was not noble. Although Marlborough did not wish for a Jacobite restoration his double dealing ensured that William III and George I would never be fully disposed to trust him. Marlborough's weakness during Anne's reign lay in the	the	DET	English	ADJ	 English
Shiva also has Dasha Sahasranamas (10,000 names) that are found in the Mahanyasa. The Shri Rudram Chamakam, also known as the Śatarudriya, is a devotional hymn to Shiva hailing him by many names. Early prehistorical paintings at the Bhimbetka rock shelters, depict Shiva	Shiva	PROPN	dancing	NOUN	 dancing
Yami is also the ruler of the demons. Before battle, he drains Amaterasu of her powers and leaves her as a plain white wolf. Amaterasu regains her powers throughout the fight, but, after the fourth round, Yami destroys them all again and leaves Amaterasu	Amaterasu	PROPN	in	ADP	 in
' " and further described him as an " aristocrat among Anglican scholars ". Other obituaries and appreciations describe how he was generous with his time and knowledge, and always ready to point students in the right direction. The Independent credits his capacious memory and a personal	personal	ADJ	library	NOUN	 library
Kindt returned to play for the Badgers in October 1945. In his return, Kindt shared the halfback position with Ben Bendrick, and Jerry Thompson. Kindt only managed to play three games that season, mainly because of a late release he received while returning from the	the	DET	Army	PROPN	 Army
He stated, " I feel heavy responsibility as a yokozuna that I have caused trouble to so many people. I am the only person who can put an end to it all. I think it's my destiny that I retire like this. " Asashōryū did	did	AUX	not	PART	 not
" Watt later commented that Double Nickels on the Dime was the " best album I ever played on. " The information regarding accolades attributed to Double Nickels on the Dime is adapted from AcclaimedMusic.net. * designates unordered lists. To ensure that the CD version would be	be	AUX	compatible	ADJ	 compatible
This generated a fourth combination, O. anomala. Since Descourtilz's description pre dates that of Beccari, Zombia antillarum (which is based on Descourtilz's description) has priority over Oothrinax anomala. In addition, Cook's name is invalid, since it was apparently never	never	ADV	formally	ADV	 formally
The episode premiered on American Broadcasting Company (ABC) on September 30, 2007. It was written by series creator Marc Cherry and directed by Larry Shaw. In the episode, Susan (Teri Hatcher) learns that she is expecting a child while Bree (Marcia	Marcia	PROPN	Cross	PROPN	 Cross
In the management community the topics of management theory, positioning strategy, brand management, strategic management, advertisement, competitive strategy, leadership, business ethics, mass customization, core competencies, strategic intent, reputation management, and system theory were discussed. Main issues and	and	CCONJ	debates	NOUN	 debates
It was a similar tale in the second innings, as Loxton removed opener Jack Davies for a duck and ended with 1 / 12 from six overs as the hosts fell for 124 in only 32.5 overs. Australia had won the match by an innings within two days	days	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
Three airborne divisions were initially chosen to participate in the operation, these being the British 6th Airborne Division, the U.S. 13th Airborne Division and the U.S. 17th Airborne Division, all of which were assigned to U.S. XVIII Airborne Corps, commanded by Major General Matthew B. Ridgway	Ridgway	PROPN	.	PUNCT	.
Upset by this, Peter takes Stewie to train at the local gymnasium. A trainer notices Stewie struggling with barbells and offers steroids. Peter injects the drugs into Stewie, who becomes incredibly buff and develops an aggressive personality, much to the horror of his family.	.	PUNCT	Stewie	PROPN	 Stewie
Park had two children by Carol, Jeremy and Rachael. Gordon and Carol also adopted their niece Vanessa when she was 18 months old after her mother, Christie (who was Carol's sister), was murdered by her boyfriend in 1969, aged 17. This	This	PRON	was	AUX	 was
because otherwise White plays 11.c5! and gets a clear advantage immediately. For example 10... b6? loses a pawn to 11.Qd5 Nc6 12.Bxc7, and 10... 0 0?! is bad because of 11.c5! Qxc5? 12.Rc1 Qe7 13.Rxc7 and White is winning already	already	ADV	.	PUNCT	.
In Iloilo, a lot of the colonial edifices constructed during the American occupation in the country can still be seen. Commercial buildings, houses and churches in that era are abundant in the city and especially in Calle Real. However, certain areas of the country like	like	ADP	Batanes	PROPN	 Batanes
In 1974, public spending cuts led to Congress deleting all funding for the telescope project. In response to this, a nationwide lobbying effort was coordinated among astronomers. Many astronomers met congressmen and senators in person, and large scale letter writing campaigns were organized. The	The	DET	National	PROPN	 National
In the 1995 presidential election, Le Pen rose slightly to 15% of the vote. The FN won an absolute majority (and thus the mayorship) in three cities in the 1995 municipal elections: Toulon, Marignane, and Orange. (It had won a	a	DET	mayorship	NOUN	 mayorship
Completed in 1927, it functioned as a toll bridge until the Great Depression, when it was transferred to the city of Bridgeport. Its service life came to an end after it was badly damaged by fire in 1996, cutting off access to Pleasure Beach. In	In	ADP	the	DET	 the
Since 1996 it has formed part of the unitary East Renfrewshire council area; East Renfrewshire Council is the local authority. Neilston remains part of Renfrewshire for purposes of registration and Lieutenancy. Neilston forms part of the multi member ward 1 of East Renfrewshire Council, namely Neilston	Neilston	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
In addition, oral histories suggest that sovereigns among the Merina, Tanala and Antanosy may have had ancestors who migrated away from Antemoro country. By the early 18th century, the Antemoro had established themselves as major rice and slave exporters. Throughout the 1700s, the Antemoro	Antemoro	PROPN	were	AUX	 were
Cardiff was launched on 22 February 1974 by Lady Caroline Gilmore. Following fitting out and sea trials, Cardiff commissioned on 24 September 1979 under command of Captain Barry Wilson. During the next 12 months of active service she steamed over 21,000 kilometres (13,000 mi) and	and	CCONJ	undertook	VERB	 undertook
The naval men's profession is emphasised by the frequency of wearing their uniforms, in contrast to other adaptations of the novel. As a BBC production, Persuasion originally received a budget of £750,000. The British broadcaster proposed a collaboration with the American public television station	station	NOUN	WGBH	PROPN	 WGBH
She replied saying, [The song] just fit right in with my own personal zeitgeist of standing up to male authorities, whether it's the pope, or the Catholic Church or my father and his conservative, patriarchal ways.... For ' Papa Don't Preach	Preach	VERB	'	PUNCT	 '
The last of the company's dray horses was retired in 1947. Horses had delivered beer to all the areas surrounding the brewery, as far afield as Pateley Bridge. From 1948 the company exported beer to Belgium where it was bottled and distributed by Tilkens brewery.	.	PUNCT	In	ADP	 In
Baylinc is a public transportation bus service provided by the Baldwin Rural Transit System in cooperation with the Wave Transit System that provides service between eastern Baldwin County and downtown Mobile. Baylinc operates Monday through Friday. Greyhound Lines provides intercity bus service between Mobile and many locations throughout	throughout	ADP	the	DET	 the
First published in book form by The Religious Tract Society, London, 1889. The Willoughby Captains Serialised in B.O.P. 1883 – 84. First published in book form by The Religious Tract Society, London, 1887. Reginald Cruden; A Tale of City Life Serialised in	in	ADP	B.O.P.	PROPN	 B.O.P.
During this time period, he was mentioned in official reports and dispatches. On April 5, 1864, Major General Philip Sheridan was appointed to command the Cavalry Corps of the Army of the Potomac under the newly promoted general in chief Lieutenant General Ulysses S. Grant.	.	PUNCT	Carpenter	PROPN	 Carpenter
The remnants of the storm eventually dissipated early on August 26 over northern Mexico. Along the Texas coastline, Bret threatened several cities, prompting 180,000 residents to evacuate. Numerous shelters were opened throughout the region and prisons were evacuated. Several days prior to the storm's	's	PART	arrival	NOUN	 arrival
From the late eighteenth century there are a handful of examples of work from Scottish artists. These included statues of druids on the portico of Penicuik House carved by one " Willie Jeans " in 1776; the marble bust of James Gillespie by the obscure Robert Burn (	(	PUNCT	fl	NOUN	fl
With DeGeneres hinting at her and her character's coming out both off screen and within the show, the rumors were confirmed when the episode went into production in March 1997. Despite threats from advertisers and religious groups, " The Puppy Episode " was an enormous ratings	ratings	NOUN	success	NOUN	 success
Other notable plants include shrubs such as Rhodomyrtus tomentosa, Gaultheria fragrantissima, herbs, Exacum trinervium, E. walkeri, Drosera indica, and tree ferns Cyathea spp. Anzia, a foliose lichen genus belonging to Parmeliaceae family, which had not been recorded in Sri Lanka before	before	ADV	,	PUNCT	,
In stark contrast, Supreme Soviet of the Soviet Union support for Ryzhkov's economic reform plan increased. Ryzhkov's economic reform plan was passed by an overwhelming majority, with 1,532 deputies in favour, 419 against and 44 deputies abstaining. The parliamentary Interregional Group's vote	vote	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
" The idea was credited with driving interest in the mission. Chinese researchers used the Deep Impact mission as an opportunity to highlight the efficiency of American science because public support ensured the possibility of funding long term research. By contrast, " in China, the public	public	NOUN	usually	ADV	 usually
There are hinge points in the center of each arch. The deck is wood covered with an asphalt driving surface. Enough wood was used in construction to fabricate three or four average sized homes. All the wood was pressure treated, and the steel was galvanized and	and	CCONJ	epoxy	NOUN	 epoxy
Erasmus issued editions in 1516, 1519, 1522, 1527, and 1536. Notable amongst these are the second edition (1519), used by Martin Luther for his translation of the New Testament into German, the so called " September Testament, " and the	the	DET	third	ADJ	 third
In November 2006, more than 30 restaurant patrons, including a group of tourists and Democratic Alliance councillor Masizole Mnqasela, were arrested in a police raid for drinking in public. The restaurant did not sell alcohol, but Ngcawuzele explained that he could not stop people from	from	ADP	bringing	VERB	 bringing
This is the period of advancing and retreating glaciers. The Rove region has multiple tilted layers of volcanic rocks and easily eroded shale. The more resistant diabase dikes and sills remained, while the softer shales were bulldozed away by the glaciers. These former shale valleys filled	filled	VERB	with	ADP	 with
Two years later President Megawati Sukarnoputri declared that the Chinese New Year (Imlek) would be marked as a national holiday from 2003. In addition to Habibie's directive on the term " pribumi ", the legislature passed a new citizenship law in 2006 defining the word	word	NOUN	asli	NOUN	 asli
Additionally, the song peaked at number one on the Hot Dance Club Songs chart, at number 23 on the Adult Top 40 chart, at number three on the Mainstream Top 40 (Pop Songs) chart, and number eight on the Radio Songs chart. In	In	ADP	this	DET	 this
After Vietnam gained independence in 1954, the Geneva Accords partitioned the country into a communist north and an anti communist south, but stipulated that there were to be 300 days of free passage between the two zones. During Operation Passage to Freedom, most VNQDD members migrated	migrated	VERB	to	ADP	 to
At 16: 00, both battered Spanish vessels surrendered, although as the British ships launched boats to take possession of their prizes, the crew of Santa Elena hacked through the anchor cables and allowed their ship to drift onto the rocky shoreline where they disembarked and escaped	escaped	VERB	inland	ADV	 inland
Welsh cakes, or pice ar y maen meaning " cakes on the stone ", are small round spiced cakes, traditionally cooked on a bakestone, but more recently on a griddle. Once cooked, they can be eaten hot or cold, on their own or	or	CCONJ	topped	VERB	 topped
This design proved to be too vertical for the film's opening shot, in which the camera pans out to show the ship, and did not appear satisfactory in the film's 2.35: 1 aspect ratio. Three days before the design had to be finalized,	,	PUNCT	Jeunet	PROPN	 Jeunet
Following guidelines established by the IAU that classical Kuiper belt objects be given names of mythological beings associated with creation, in September 2006 the Caltech team submitted formal names from Hawaiian mythology to the IAU for both (136108) 2003 EL61 and its moons, in order "	"	PUNCT	to	PART	 to
Through threadbare clues and supposition, mostly centred around a relatively wealthy couple that perished during a plague, believed to be his parents, Lochner is thought to have come from Meersburg, near Lake Constance. Georg and Alhet Lochner were citizens and died there in 1451.	.	PUNCT	A	DET	 A
The signal on the approach from Goudhurst had arms for traffic from both directions. Leaving Horsmonden, the branch crossed Goudhurst Road by a plate girder bridge, running along the valley of the River Teise towards the Wealden hills. After climbing much of the way through gradients	gradients	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
The exception was the Far West, where for the most part, only gold and silver were acceptable currencies, and paper money traded at a discount. In the rest of the nation, gold and silver coins could be purchased from banks, exchange agents, and	and	CCONJ	from	ADP	 from
This can be abated by changing the air flow over key parts, such as the windshield. A variety of experiments have been performed in order to verify or disprove various hypotheses about bike dynamics. David Jones built several bikes in a search for an unrideable configuration.	.	PUNCT	Richard	PROPN	 Richard
The Silesian army, composed of Prussians and Russians, left 50,000 men in the Province of Silesia and moved the remaining 100,000 to join with 120,000 Austrians in Saxony. The Crown Prince of Sweden, Jean Baptiste Bernadotte, a former Marshal of France and a favorite of	of	ADP	Napoleon	PROPN	 Napoleon
" Despite their relationship having declined from friendship to hatred, Bogdan Pitești's style and his mundane interests are occasionally seen as sources of inspiration for Caragiale's only novel, Craii de Curtea Veche (completed in 1928). Some have noted that Bogdan Pitești has a	a	DET	lot	NOUN	 lot
Konkona admitted in an interview that playing the role of a Tamil Brahmin did not come easy. The director forced her to visit Chennai (where the major language is Tamil) for two weeks to research her character. She also said that she had learned many characteristics	characteristics	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
Without appointing a crown prince, Aurangzeb died in 1707 when Mu ' azzam was governor of Kabul and his half brothers (Muhammad Kam Bakhsh and Muhammad Azam Shah) were the governors of the Deccan and Gujarat respectively. All three sons intended to win the crown,	,	PUNCT	and	CCONJ	 and
Geoffrey excommunicated anyone who attempted to collect the tax in his archdiocese, but the king confiscated Geoffrey's estates in retaliation. Geoffrey once again secured the support of Pope Innocent, who ordered John to restore Geoffrey's possessions, but in the meantime the archbishop had fled	fled	VERB	to	ADP	 to
This made existing Russian plans obsolete, and Polish forces started a pursuit that ended with the victorious Battle of the Niemen River in September. On the day of Polish victory the Soviets issued a propaganda poster in Moscow proclaiming: " Warsaw has fallen. With it the	the	DET	Poland	PROPN	 Poland
Main Street then turns northeasterly, passing Mission Point Resort (the former Mackinac College), after which the road name changes to Lake Shore Road. Along this section of the trunkline, Shoreline Trail departs to the south and follows the water's edge before returning to	to	ADP	M	PROPN	 M
This highway was numbered M 151. In 1933, the section of US 112 from Union to Elkhart was renumbered US 112S. M 151 and US 112S each lasted until 1935 when US 112 was extended to replace M 151. US 112 was also extended to run concurrently	concurrently	ADV	with	ADP	 with
It marked the 5th time Davis had 25 points, 10 rebounds and 5 blocks since the beginning of the prior season. No other player has had multiple such games in that time. On November 22, Davis scored a career high 43 points along with 14 rebounds	rebounds	NOUN	against	ADP	 against
Eden remained with the company until being converted to a hulk, and she was finally scuttled in 1933. Bega, at 567 tons, transported both passengers and cargo between 1883 when she was launched and 1907 when she capsized with the loss of one of the passengers	passengers	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
Sasha included several of his own tracks made specifically for the game. The game disc is a Mixed Mode CD that allows Wipeout 3's soundtrack to be played in a standard compact disc player. To promote Wipeout 3 and its game music, Psygnosis sponsored a Global	Global	PROPN	Underground	PROPN	 Underground
On July 2, he had all four Devil Rays ' RBI and hit a three run home run against Pedro Martínez in a 5 – 4 loss to the Red Sox. On September 3, he hit a three run home run against Freddy García and had four	four	NUM	RBI	NOUN	 RBI
For example, Sommers said he believed invisibility was impossible, but the virtual invisibility provided by camouflage camera that projects what is behind a soldier on their front allowed him to include it. The production designers modelled the interior of Destro's private submarine on a Handley Page	Page	PROPN	Jetstream	PROPN	 Jetstream
The film was released in 2,550 cinemas across 3,550 screens in India, and across 700 screens internationally — including 196 screens in the United States, 175 in the United Kingdom, 55 in the Middle East, and 30 in Australia — the widest Bollywood release up to	to	ADP	that	DET	 that
Three Vulcan missions were flown against the airfield, a further two missions in which missiles were launched against radar installations; an additional two missions were cancelled. At the time, these missions held the record for the world's longest distance raids. The ECM systems on	on	ADP	board	NOUN	 board
As such, early attractions created under Kings Entertainment Company were named after knights, Don Quixote, Vikings, dragons, bats, and beasts. Throughout the Paramount Parks era, the section's new attractions lacked appropriate theming. The introduction of the Leviathan roller coaster to	to	ADP	Medieval	PROPN	 Medieval
Work on the parkway resumed on March 15, 1932. The new stone walls guarding the new highway cost about $100,000 (1931 USD) to construct. The highway opened to traffic on July 20, 1935. On September 14, 1935, it was formally	formally	ADV	dedicated	VERB	 dedicated
Rockefeller spent $600,000 ($11,082,100 in 2015), making it the largest single real estate transaction in the county. The purchases allowed for the construction of about 40 houses on the club property. New facilities were built in the 1920s, including a manager's	's	PART	house	NOUN	 house
After sailing to the UK as Kalani, the ship was renamed Empire Cheetah and sailed in transatlantic convoys, making three round trips between February 1941 and May 1942. At that time, Empire Cheetah was transferred to Dutch interests and renamed Hobbema. She successfully completed one	one	NUM	transatlantic	ADJ	 transatlantic
He was again controversial, with his November 2007 tackle of Internazionale midfielder Luís Figo breaking the Portuguese player's fibula. In April 2008, Nedvěd was hospitalised overnight for a concussion sustained in a collision with Roberto Guana during a match against Palermo. Nedvěd scored Juventus '	'	PART	first	ADJ	 first
They were powered by two Parsons geared steam turbines, each driving one propeller shaft, using steam provided by three Admiralty three drum boilers. The turbines developed a total of 36,000 shaft horsepower (27,000 kW) and gave a maximum speed of 35.5 knots (65.7 km	km	NOUN	/	SYM	 /
On 21 September 1953, the Acting State Secretary of Johor, responding to a query from the Colonial Secretary of Singapore about the status of the island, stated that " the Johore Government does not claim ownership of Pedra Branca ". On 21 December 1979, Malaysia	Malaysia	PROPN	published	VERB	 published
As of February 2013, there were in the country about 70 Leafs deployed as taxis, 20 in Mexico City and 50 in Aguascalientes. Carrot Mexico, a carsharing company operating in Mexico City, acquired 3 Leafs which are available to their 1,600 customers. Retail sales	sales	NOUN	began	VERB	 began
The word " Shavian " has entered the language as encapsulating Shaw's ideas and his means of expressing them. Shaw was born at 3 Upper Synge Street in Portobello, a lower middle class part of Dublin. He was the youngest child and only son of George	George	PROPN	Carr	PROPN	 Carr
Pelicans, ducks, and raptors are among the birds frequenting the Harney Basin wetlands, a stopping place on the Pacific Flyway. Named for a former manager of the Malheur National Wildlife Refuge, the festival includes tours of the wetlands and nearby ranches as well as classes	classes	NOUN	in	ADP	 in
Nansen had by now retired from polar exploration, the decisive step being his release of Fram to his fellow Norwegian Roald Amundsen, who was planning a North Pole expedition. When Amundsen made his controversial change of plan and set out for the South Pole, Nansen stood	stood	VERB	by	ADP	 by
Foreigners may be arrested and detained for up to 15 days then deported, or fined up to 5,000 rubles and deported. The fines for individuals are much higher if the offense was committed using mass media or internet. According to a survey conducted in June 2013 by	by	ADP	the	DET	 the
These cookers reach temperatures of 315° C (599° F) and above but require direct light to function properly and must be repositioned to track the Sun. Solar concentrating technologies such as parabolic dish, trough and Scheffler reflectors can provide process heat for commercial and	and	CCONJ	industrial	ADJ	 industrial
Relations between Indonesia and the Netherlands continued to be poor, specifically in regard to control of West Papua, historically under Dutch control but claimed by Indonesia. Soegijapranata firmly supported the Indonesian position; West Papua was annexed in 1963. There was also friction within the Catholic	Catholic	ADJ	groups	NOUN	 groups
" The Yankees offered Taylor $300,000 to sign a minor league contract, the typical amount given to the first overall draft choice at that time. However, Boras advised the Taylor family that the previous year's top rated high school pitcher, Todd Van Poppel,	,	PUNCT	was	AUX	 was
The analysis would find an unexpected level of 226 parts per million (ppm) of lead in the crewman's bones, which was 10 times higher than the control samples, taken from Inuit skeletons from the same geographic area, of 26 – 36 ppm. In	In	ADP	June	PROPN	 June
The two largest users of the Harrier were the Royal Air Force and the United States Marine Corps (USMC). The exported model of the aircraft operated by the USMC was designated the AV 8A Harrier, which was broadly similar to the RAF's Harrier GR.1.	.	PUNCT	Changes	NOUN	 Changes
The Galileo spacecraft was able to determine the moon's shape in 1998, but the images remain poor. In 1983, Adrastea was officially named after the Greek nymph Adrastea, the daughter of Zeus and his lover Ananke. Adrastea has an irregular shape and measures 20	20	NUM	×	NOUN	 ×
On 13 January 2013, the band announced that the album would be released in June under the title 13. Brad Wilk of Rage Against the Machine was chosen as the drummer, and Rick Rubin was chosen as the producer. Mixing of the album commenced in February	February	PROPN	.	PUNCT	.
" Vedder later said that " the day that we found out about Kurt... I was just spinning. I was lost and didn't know if we should play, or if we should just go home, or if we should attend the services. I still	still	ADV	have	VERB	 have
Early on in the school's history, the Vanderlips decided to change the school's system from the Montessori method to a more formal approach with more discipline, although students still had more freedom than the average school. In the 1930s, the school was considered progressive	progressive	ADJ	:	PUNCT	:
" Back to square one again ", McAuliffe said at the time. The band decided to go back to their roots, remaining a quartet with only McAuliffe on vocals and going on a UK tour in November – December 1985 supporting Blue Öyster Cult; their immediate	immediate	ADJ	goal	NOUN	 goal
In 1932, Whitlam's father transferred him to Canberra Grammar School where, at the Speech Day ceremony that year, he was awarded a prize by the Governor General, Sir Isaac Isaacs. Whitlam enrolled at St Paul's College at the University of Sydney at the	the	DET	age	NOUN	 age
Rivers were the main means of transportation and most cities were founded on them. This was especially so in North America, where journeys over vast distances of hundreds or even thousands of miles required months of hazardous, uncomfortable travel by stagecoach or wagon on rutted, unpaved	unpaved	ADJ	trails	NOUN	 trails
Additionally, during this first term as mayor, Armstrong also oversaw the city's festivities on George V's coronation and moved to form a municipal purchasing department. Another issue presented to council during his first term in office was that of potential amalgamation with the city south	south	ADV	of	ADP	 of
He took on an operational involvement in The Cincinnati Enquirer, the town's only morning newspaper. He interfered in editorial decisions, such as adding coverage to high school sports that he or Lindner's sons were involved in. The paper was then sold to a group	group	NOUN	including	VERB	 including
During the war, British test pilot Eric Brown evaluated many Luftwaffe aircraft. Among them was a He 111 H 1 of Kampfgeschwader 26 which was forced to land at the Firth of Forth on 9 February 1940. Brown described his impression of the He 111s unique greenhouse	greenhouse	NOUN	nose	NOUN	 nose
While it is often weaker than most of its land counterparts, stronger versions spawned by mesocyclones do occur. A gentle vortex over calm water or wet land made visible by rising water vapour. A fire whirl – also colloquially known as a fire devil, fire tornado	tornado	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
The added security of the prison being on water has prevented at least four attempted escapes. The barge is named in memorial for warden Vernon C. Bain who died in an automobile accident. In 2014, the prison barge was named the world's largest prison barge in	in	ADP	operation	NOUN	 operation
dB magazine said the title of " Stumblin ' ", released as a single from These Days: Live in Concert after appearing on Vulture Street, was representative of the " classic rock clichés " on the album. Second single " Since You've Been Gone "	"	PUNCT	contained	VERB	 contained
On his return against the Minnesota Vikings on November 11, he sacked quarterback Tommy Kramer four times in a 19 – 7 win. During that period, Johnson teamed up with fellow first round pick Mike Butler to form one of the league's most potent defensive lineups	lineups	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
Stenting involves the catheterization of the affected artery during angiography, and the insertion of a mesh like tube; this is known as " endovascular therapy " (inside the blood vessel). This may be performed to allow the blood to flow through a severely narrowed vessel	vessel	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
Shoji's right wing units did not participate in the attacks, choosing instead to remain in place to cover Nasu's right flank against a possible attack in that area by U.S. forces that never materialized. At 03: 00 on 26 October, Oka's unit finally	finally	ADV	reached	VERB	 reached
Dunstanburgh formed part of the barony of Embleton, a village that lay inland to the west, traditionally owned by the earls of Lancaster. The origins and the earliest appearance of the name " Dunstanburgh " are uncertain. Versions of the name, " Dunstanesburghe " and	and	CCONJ	"	PUNCT	 "
They, nevertheless, do not attempt to hurt anyone, except when they find someone before them, and, when hardly pressed, try to bite him. They have a small stump of a wing, which has a sort of bullet at its extremity, and	and	CCONJ	serves	VERB	 serves
Despite the arrival of Roman reinforcements from Europe, he won another victory in 604, while Dara fell after a nine month siege. Over the following years the Persians gradually overcame the fortress cities of Mesopotamia by siege, one after another. At the same time they	they	PRON	won	VERB	 won
The fort was sited with Lake Champlain to the east, with Mount Independence rising on the far side. Immediately to the south of the fort lay the mouth of the La Chute River, which drains Lake George. The river was largely non navigable, and there	there	PRON	was	VERB	 was
The phrase " purport to confer a benefit " was originally found in the 1937 Law Commission paper, and was used in the New Zealand Contracts (Privity) Act 1982 before it was adopted for the English Act. The third party must be identified by name or	or	CCONJ	as	ADP	 as
" When Leigh returned from the beach, she was bleeding between her legs, distressed, crying and seeking assistance. Some people at the party reported trying to console Leigh and find out what had happened to her; Leigh " asserted she had been raped ",	,	PUNCT	replying	VERB	 replying
Smallpox is highly contagious, but generally spreads more slowly and less widely than some other viral diseases, perhaps because transmission requires close contact and occurs after the onset of the rash. The overall rate of infection is also affected by the short duration of the infectious stage	stage	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
Successively he petitioned the Foreign Office, the Treasury, the Privy Council, and Perceval himself; in each case his claims were politely rejected. Defeated and exhausted, in May 1811 Bellingham accepted his wife's ultimatum to abandon his campaign or otherwise lose her and his	his	PRON	family	NOUN	 family
The Lelwel hartebeest is a reddish tan. Coke's hartebeest is reddish to tawny in the upper parts, but has relatively lighter legs and rump. Lichtenstein's hartebeest is reddish brown, though the flanks are a lighter tan and the rump whitish. The Tora hartebeest	hartebeest	NOUN	is	AUX	 is
The convection then moves east and toward the equator into the warm sector, parallel to low level thickness lines. When the convection is strong linear or curved, the MCS is called a squall line, with the feature placed at the leading edge of the significant wind	wind	NOUN	shift	NOUN	 shift
Instruments also appear in art of the period, with a ceiling at Crathes Castle showing muses with lute, bass viol, fiddle, harp, cittern, flute and clavicord, similar to a mixed consort found in England in this period. Music also became one of	of	ADP	the	DET	 the
" He denied that he had authorised any payment to Newton or to anyone else connected with the case. Newton met Holmes in October 1975 when, the former claimed, he was given a down payment on a fee of £10,000. Holmes denied any such transaction	transaction	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
Wenger, dismayed by the arrangement, campaigned for a purpose built, Arsenal owned ground that housed the latest training equipment. This was one of the " important decisions " he wanted to make for the club – " Without an assurance of that freedom and control I	I	PRON	would	AUX	 would
In an interview with USA Today, English singer songwriter Elton John praised " Tennis Court ", describing it as " one of the most touching, beautiful things on earth. " " Tennis Court " debuted at number one on the New Zealand Singles Chart during the	the	DET	week	NOUN	 week
Perhaps because Thảo divulged the tour details to Vietcong guerrillas, each of McNamara's stopovers was punctuated by bloody attacks on nearby ARVN installations. For example, when McNamara was in Bình Dương Province, five government soldiers were killed. As he flew from Đà Lạt north	north	NOUN	to	ADP	 to
A tour taken by local councillors and media concluded with an account that " chunks of masonry are falling from the ceilings on a daily basis... the floors are littered with dead pigeons and... revealed that the building is literally rotting away ". In October 2009 the	the	DET	Victorian	PROPN	 Victorian
After the cyclone the Tongan Government requested and received emergency aid, from the governments of several countries including France, Australia, New Zealand, Japan and the United Kingdom. This was after the government had provided T $5 million (US $3.97 million),	,	PUNCT	or	CCONJ	 or
The 105th meridian west of Greenwich, the longitudinal reference for the Mountain Time Zone, passes directly through Denver Union Station. Denver is ranked as a Beta- world city by the Globalization and World Cities Research Network. With a 2015 estimated population of 682,545, Denver ranks	ranks	VERB	as	ADP	 as
A tropical wave moved off the northwestern coast of Africa on August 16. The wave moved west through the Atlantic Ocean and Caribbean Sea without significant development. The wave moved across Central America and into the northeastern Pacific Ocean, on August 29. Isolated convection with the	the	DET	system	NOUN	 system
Maryland closed the season with losses to Penn State, Clemson, and Virginia to again finish with a 2 – 9 record. Lester was fired at the conclusion of the 1971 season. Athletic director Jim Kehoe cited Maryland's worst record in the ACC for two consecutive	consecutive	ADJ	years	NOUN	 years
President McKinley did his best to help Hanna, sending a letter to one Republican whose vote was doubtful, delivered by a soldier. On January 9, newspapers printed allegations that Hanna had arranged to bribe John Otis, one of the Silver Republicans from Cincinnati. Otis	Otis	PROPN	alleged	VERB	 alleged
Also in one video, he mentions " martyrs like Eric and Dylan ", almost certainly referring to Eric Harris and Dylan Klebold, the perpetrators of Columbine High School massacre. Through ballistics examination, law enforcement investigators determined that Cho used the Glock 19 pistol during the	the	DET	attacks	NOUN	 attacks
These claims are controversial because of the complicated Cross Strait relations, and has been one of the most important principles in Chinese diplomacy. In addition to Taiwan, China is also involved in other international territorial disputes. Since the 1990s, China has been involved in negotiations	negotiations	NOUN	to	PART	 to
Baryonyx had many finely serrated, conical teeth, with the largest teeth in front. The neck was less curved than that of other theropods, and the neural spines of its dorsal vertebrae increased in height from front to back. It had robust forelimbs, with the	the	DET	eponymous	ADJ	 eponymous
Uncooked durian seeds are toxic due to cyclopropene fatty acids and should not be ingested. Young leaves and shoots of the durian are occasionally cooked as greens. Sometimes the ash of the burned rind is added to special cakes. The petals of durian flowers are eaten in	in	ADP	the	DET	 the
Ordinary fans bought debentures for between £1,000 and £1,650 each, which guaranteed the right to buy season tickets for at least 30 years, along with some other minor benefits. Four columns were built through the existing Main Stand to support the Club Deck, which	which	PRON	resulted	VERB	 resulted
Sylvester says that Angelou uses the same technique in " Letter to an Aspiring Junkie ", in which understatement contained in the repeated phrase " nothing happens " is a litotes for the prevalence of violence in society. Hagen connects this poem with the final scene in her	her	PRON	second	ADJ	 second
Seventeenth century Rome, under autocratic papal rule, was perceived by republican Venetians as a direct threat to their liberties. Rosand has suggested that Venetian audiences would have understood the Poppea story in the context of their own times as a moral lesson demonstrating the superiority of Venice	Venice	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
Healing spells and abilities restore a target's HP and can be used outside of combat. Certain spells and abilities have added traits, like affecting a group of enemies or draining HP from a target. Each spell and ability has a finite number of uses, and	and	CCONJ	once	ADV	 once
In the production process, Knowles assumed more control in co producing and co writing almost the entire album. Survivor hit record stores in the spring of 2001 and entered the Billboard 200 at number one, selling over 663,000 copies in its first week sales. The first	first	ADJ	three	NUM	 three
P. fimbriata catches Euryattus females by mimicking the vibrations made by Euryattus males as part of their courtship, and this deception lures Euryattus females out of their nests. In tests, a Euryattus from P. fimbriata′ s range recognises the predator and defends itself, while Euryattus specimens	specimens	VERB	from	ADP	 from
The district court found substantial equality as to all such factors. The lower court, in its opinion, noted that, in Topeka, " the physical facilities, the curricula, courses of study, qualification and quality of teachers, as well as other educational facilities	facilities	NOUN	in	ADP	 in
Turnbull later announced he would leave Parliament at the end of his term, before changing his mind within weeks. He claimed that his change of mind was the result of his anger at the government's decision to delay its ETS legislation until 2013. He denied being	being	AUX	interested	ADJ	 interested
It is slightly more common in males than females. It occurs most often in autumn. Before vaccination, croup was frequently caused by diphtheria and was often fatal. This cause is now very rare in the Western world due to the success of the diphtheria vaccine.	.	PUNCT	Croup	PROPN	 Croup
In 2014, the RNLI's income was £182 million, while its expenditure was £149.6 million. The Institution encourages corporate partnerships, which included in 2014 Waitrose, Yamaha and Fred. Olsen Cruise Lines. There are 1,100 RNLI fundraising branches throughout the regions served	served	VERB	by	ADP	 by
Before working on the film, O'Mahoney had been a United Nations peacekeeper in Bosnia and an attorney in the Netherlands, and had directed the 2006 documentary How to Plan a Revolution, which profiled two young activists who attempted to remove the Azerbaijani government from power by staging	staging	VERB	an	DET	 an
Murder requires an intention to kill or an intention to commit grievous bodily harm. If this intention is present but there are certain types of mitigating factors – loss of control, diminished responsibility, or pursuance of a suicide pact – then this is voluntary manslaughter. There	There	PRON	are	VERB	 are
" I Can't Watch This " (orig. MC Hammer, Rick James, Alonzo Miller, arr. Yankovic) – 3: 31 Parody of " U Can't Touch This " by MC Hammer; the singer laments the state of television. From the	the	DET	1992	NUM	 1992
Other new features include raked wingtips, redesigned main landing gear, and additional structural strengthening. As with the -300ER and 777F, the -200LR is equipped with wingtip extensions of 12.8 ft (3.90 m). The -200LR is powered by GE90 110B1 or GE90 115B turbofans	turbofans	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
This specimen was described by Comte de Buffon in 1779. Based on morphological features, the Alexandrine parakeet has been proposed as the founder population for all Psittacula species on Indian Ocean islands, with new populations settling during the species's southwards colonisation from its native South Asia	Asia	PROPN	.	PUNCT	.
The operating deficits are covered through subsidies by the Norwegian Ministry of Transport and Communications. The trackage and other infrastructure is owned by the government agency Norwegian National Rail Administration, while the rolling stock is owned and operated by the Norwegian State Railways (NSB). The	The	DET	service	NOUN	 service
Following the German led Axis invasion of Yugoslavia in April 1941, he joined the Yugoslav Partisans and distinguished himself during the initial uprising against NDH authorities by capturing Mrkonjić Grad in August 1941. Drenović subsequently led Serb chauvinist agitation within the Partisan 3rd Krajina Detachment. After some	some	DET	vacillation	NOUN	 vacillation
Wagner also noted that " Harry Patch and Henry Allingham escaped death, but never the effect of that awful war. " The poem received a generally favourable critical reaction. Wagner called it a " moving reversal of history ", a " fine poem ", and	and	CCONJ	"	PUNCT	 "
Although later accounts of the siege claimed Vetch's detachment was part of a strategic plan to surround the fort, contemporary accounts report that Vetch wanted to have a command that was somewhat independent of Nicholson. These same accounts claim Vetch never got to within range of the	the	DET	fort	NOUN	 fort
The most important event in M31's history was the merger mentioned above that took place 8 billion years ago. This violent collision formed most of its (metal rich) galactic halo and extended disk and during that epoch Andromeda's star formation would have been very high	high	ADJ	,	PUNCT	,
The U.S.-aligned countries included: Israel, Japan, South Korea and the Philippines The neutral countries included: Austria, Finland, Ireland, Sweden and Switzerland. The former British colonies also included in the First World were: Australia, New Zealand, Canada, Singapore,	,	PUNCT	South	PROPN	 South
Some names refer to the plant's size and shape: " shepherd's club (s) " or " staff ", " Aaron's Rod " (a name it shares with a number of other plants with tall, yellow inflorescences), and a plethora	plethora	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
Her articles were filled with vitriol against what she perceived as the " schemes " of Jewish organizers opposed to Zionism; in a 1948 article titled " The Surinam Nightmare ", she " described ' diabolical plans ' to abandon Jewish ' guinea pigs ' to ' terrifying	terrifying	VERB	tropical	ADJ	 tropical
The flight plans often made procedures for mutual control of procedures impractical, and they were commonly skipped. The commission was of the impression that Widerøe's transition from an all Twin Otter airline to also operate the more demanding Dash 7 was not properly carried out, which	which	PRON	had	AUX	 had
A deeper study of logarithms requires the concept of a function. A function is a rule that, given one number, produces another number. An example is the function producing the x th power of b from any real number x, where the base b is	is	AUX	a	DET	 a
Its pelvis is like that of saurischian dinosaurs, but it has a bony acetabulum (where the femur meets the pelvis) that was only partially open. The ilium, the main hip bone, is supported by only two sacrals, a basal trait. However,	,	PUNCT	the	DET	 the
What am I doing? Hello? " In reality, McDaniel recalled that she was overawed by Madonna's big entourage who had come to Harlem for the shoot, hence she held herself from speaking her mind about the singer's look. When McDaniel explained to the	the	DET	singer	NOUN	 singer
Leeds Museums and Galleries, Temple Newsam House. Self Portrait, n.d. Terracotta, 63.5 cm. National Portrait Gallery, London. 18 March 1848 – 21 March 1871: Her Royal Highness The Princess Louise 21 March 1871 – 24 April 1900: Her Royal Highness	Highness	PROPN	The	DET	 The
The more expensive grades of the Model 1897 were the standard, trap, pigeon, and tournament grades. These were the grades that were normally equipped with an engraved receiver and with checkered, finer wood. The less expensive and plainer grades were the Brush, Brush	Brush	PROPN	Takedown	PROPN	 Takedown
In 1962, Verville was selected as a fellow of the Smithsonian's National Air Museum. He was honored with ten Certificates or Letters of Commendation from the U.S. Armed Forces. He was an Honorary Fellow of the Society of Experimental Test Pilots and was named an Elder	Elder	ADJ	Statesman	PROPN	 Statesman
Rachel Dresbeck wrote favorably of the magazine in her 2007 book Insiders ' Guide to Portland, Oregon. The magazine was co founded in 2003 by Nicole Vogel and her brother journalist Scott Vogel, and began as a glossy magazine with a focus on the lifestyle of Portland	Portland	PROPN	.	PUNCT	.
Based on satellite imagery, it is estimated the system organized into Tropical Depression Nine by 1200 UTC on September 11 to the south of the Cape Verde islands. Upon its formation, the center was poorly defined, with restricted easterly outflow due to easterly wind shear.	.	PUNCT	After	ADP	 After
In search of more permanent employment, Shackleton applied for a regular commission in the Royal Navy, via the back door route of the Supplementary List, but despite the sponsorship of Markham and of the president of the Royal Society, he was not successful. Instead,	,	PUNCT	he	PRON	 he
Fielding's ninth play, the unsuccessful The Letter Writers Or, a New Way to Keep a Wife at Home, ran for four nights as a companion piece to The Tragedy of Tragedies but was soon after replaced by The Welsh Opera on 22 April 1731. The	The	DET	play	NOUN	 play
DALI's actual alignment process requires a similarity search after the two proteins ' distance matrices are built; this is normally conducted via a series of overlapping submatrices of size 6x6. Submatrix matches are then reassembled into a final alignment via a standard score maximization algorithm — the	the	DET	original	ADJ	 original
" I am treated by Mr. Dudley worse than by Mr. Danforth ", Randolph wrote, unfavorably comparing Dudley to one of the hardline magistrates. While Dudley governed, the Lords of Trade, based on a petition from Dudley's council, decided to include the colonies	colonies	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
The service was created by three former PayPal employees in February 2005. In November 2006, it was bought by Google for US $1.65 billion. YouTube now operates as one of Google's subsidiaries. The site allows users to upload, view, rate, share	share	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
Before dying, Kandori reveals that the Maki who has been traveling with the party is the " Ideal Maki ", a version of herself from the true Maki's heart. Aki and a girl in white called Mai are also pieces of Maki, and the idealized	idealized	ADJ	Mikage	PROPN	 Mikage
The family's names and titles are given in inscriptions placed on either side of the children and on the horizontal face of the base. Seneb's dwarfism is depicted realistically in the sculpture. It portrays him with a large head but small arms and legs. This	This	PRON	possibly	ADV	 possibly
As he caresses the female in the dressing room, Carey sees them, and walks by them, bumping into him purposely. Additional scenes are shown of Carey laying alone on the dark runway, apparently after the show has finished, as well as preparing herself for	for	ADP	the	DET	 the
The Emblem Editor is a tool set for decal creation. F Zero GX is the first F Zero game to feature a Story mode. Its story has the player assume the role of F Zero pilot Captain Falcon in nine chapters of various racing scenarios; such as	as	ADP	Falcon	PROPN	 Falcon
Mario Party 5 received " average " reviews according to the review aggregation website Metacritic. Game Informer's Andrew Reiner cited the example of coin redistribution in the game, which meant that " You could win every minigame and collect the most coins but still end up in	in	ADP	last	ADJ	 last
Since the 1970s, critics who have looked more closely at both her work and Burke's, have come to the conclusion that they share many rhetorical similarities, and that the masculine / logic and feminine / emotion binaries are unsupportable. Most Wollstonecraft scholars now recognize it	it	PRON	was	AUX	 was
Other key ideas such as the reduction of all life processes to biochemical reactions as well as the incorporation of psychology into a broader neuroscience are also addressed. Research in current philosophy of biology includes investigation of the foundations of evolutionary theory, and the role of viruses as	as	ADP	persistent	ADJ	 persistent
According to Magnet magazine's Bryan Bierman, " the hip, ' with it ' kids [sat] side by side with middle aged tuxedoed couples, expecting to hear ' My Funny Valentine. ' " Although he lived 15 minutes away, Davis arrived at the	the	DET	venue	NOUN	 venue
The producers hired Brenton for his " radical " and " provocative " style. By the time he was hired it had been sixteen years since he last wrote for television. The producers from Kudos spent up to three months meeting several potential directors to work on the	the	DET	show	NOUN	 show
Group 15 is situated immediately north of Group 13 and some structures are shared by both groups. Ceramic fragments recovered from the two groups have been dated to the Late Preclassic, Late Classic, Terminal Classic and Postclassic, with the majority dating to the Terminal Classic.	.	PUNCT	Group	PROPN	 Group
Mathurin Jacques Brisson coined the genus name Raphus (referring to the bustards) in 1760, resulting in the current name Raphus cucullatus. In 1766, Linnaeus coined the new binomial Didus ineptus (meaning " inept dodo "). This has become a synonym of the	the	DET	earlier	ADJ	 earlier
It remains unclear whether prokaryote genes are the descendants of an ancestral prokaryotic serpin or the product of horizontal gene transfer from eukaryotes. Most intracellular serpins belong to a single phylogenetic clade, whether they come from plants or animals, indicating that the intracellular and extracellular serpins may	may	AUX	have	AUX	 have
They returned home safe. Eventually, things got to the stage where Angelina's father forced Kevin to marry his daughter. Becca Badget of Yahoo! wrote: " Kevin keeps to himself that he married Angelina to avoid a bullet from Angelo's henchman. The guests	guests	NOUN	are	AUX	 are
However, the people looked at were at relatively higher risk than most people who have never had a heart attack or stroke. Aspirin appears to offer little benefit to those at lower risk of heart attack or stroke — for instance, those without a history of these	these	DET	events	NOUN	 events
A. O. Scott in The New York Times writes that director Scott's " professionalism is, as ever, present in every frame and scene, but this time it seems singularly untethered from anything like zeal, conviction or even curiosity. " Joe Neumaier writes in the	the	DET	New	PROPN	 New
Will refuses, stating that Spears is a bad role model. He is supported by club member Brittany (Heather Morris), who reveals that her full name is Brittany Susan Pierce and as such she has always been dismayed that she will never be as successful as	as	ADP	the	DET	 the
Senior aides such as White House Counsel John Dean faced prosecution; in total 48 officials were convicted of wrongdoing. In July 1973, White House aide Alexander Butterfield testified under oath to Congress that Nixon had a secret taping system that recorded his conversations and phone calls in	in	ADP	the	DET	 the
The victory also allowed Ryan to become the Jets ' first rookie head coach to win his first three games since Al Groh did so in 2000. New York went on to lose six of their next seven games save for a shutout victory over the Oakland Raiders,	,	PUNCT	38	NUM	 38
Body Language entered and peaked at number eight on the Swiss Albums Chart, and spent a total of 17 weeks on the chart. In this region, the IFPI certified it gold for selling 20,000 units. In the United States, Body Language debuted at number 42	42	NUM	on	ADP	 on
Mining for lead was not profitable, however, and the works were abandoned. Red marl from the Triassic Period fills joints in the Carboniferous Limestone showing evidence of karstic (cave forming) processes during this period. Caves on the western and north eastern sides of the	the	DET	island	NOUN	 island
The rock band Korn filmed a similar show, Korn Live: The Encounter, in June 2010 to promote their ninth studio album, Korn III: Remember Who You Are. The show took place in a crop circle in Bakersfield, California, and had no audience	audience	NOUN	beyond	ADP	 beyond
There was consternation at the palace as the fire continued implacably westward; " Oh, the confusion there was then at that court! " wrote Evelyn. Working to a plan at last, James's firefighters had also created a large firebreak to the north of the	the	DET	conflagration	NOUN	 conflagration
In 2008, Novak credited low US sales as being the result of a lack of new ideas and menu items. The Spring 2009 launch of Kentucky Grilled Chicken only resulted in a temporary halt to the sales decline. In 2010 KFC announced a turnaround plan that included	included	VERB	improving	VERB	 improving
It is set in common time and has a ballad tempo of 72 beats per minute. It is written in the key of D major, and Swift's vocals span more than one octave, from the note of F♯ 3 to A4. It follows the chord	chord	NOUN	progression	NOUN	 progression
The first approximation represents the waiting time until the first mutant destined for loss, with loss then occurring relatively rapidly by genetic drift, taking time Ne <<1 / m. The second approximation represents the time needed for deterministic loss by mutation accumulation. In both cases	cases	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
This became one of the reasons for the Pixies ' 1993 split. However, the two appeared at the time to have resolved their differences: Francis praised " Bam Thwok, " as " a really good song. " despite joking in interviews about how he planned	planned	VERB	to	PART	 to
On 13 November, Malaysia's Agent, Ambassador at Large Abdul Kadir Mohamad, alleged that Singapore was trying to " subvert " a 150 year old arrangement under which Singapore operated Horsburgh Lighthouse on Pedra Branca, which was Malaysia's territory. He also suggested that if	if	SCONJ	permitted	VERB	 permitted
” Roz Kaveney, in his essay " A Sense of the Ending: Schrödinger's Angel, " praised the new Connor as a “ heroic youth ”. Writer Brian Lynch admitted that he did not love season four's Connor, but that he " really liked	liked	VERB	him	PRON	 him
According to Disney, 65% of foreign grosses originated from five key markets; Japan, Australia, Brazil, United Kingdom, and Spain. The film performed the best in Japan, where it took $4.7 M from 350 theaters. Australia ($3.4 M	M	NUM	)	PUNCT	)
He largely immersed himself in his decades long work, in effect a multilevel historical narrative covering the history of the Danubian Principalities, from the foundation of Wallachia (14th century) to the emergence of United Romania (1859). Much of his interest, marked by	by	ADP	what	PRON	 what
Theories that stress continuity often look at animals to see if, for example, primates display any traits that can be seen as analogous to what pre human language must have been like. And early human fossils can be inspected for traces of physical adaptation to language use	use	NOUN	or	CCONJ	 or
From that day, the maiden was known as Ucchishta matangini. The Pranotasani Tantra narrates that once Parvati longed to go back to her maternal house for some days and asked Shiva's permission to do so. The reluctant Shiva agreed on the condition that if she did	did	AUX	not	PART	 not
This fort, built after 1640, covered a bridgehead over the Guadiana river, thus guarding access to the city. A redoubt was quickly strengthened on the bridgehead by the Spanish sappers, who, protected by the Duke of Osuna and his cavalry, also widened the	the	DET	trenches	NOUN	 trenches
Groves was appointed to head the project on 17 September 1942. Groves was also a colonel, and ranked below Marshall on the permanent list, although Groves was promoted to brigadier general before assuming command on 23 September. According to Nichols, Groves and Marshall " disagreed	disagreed	VERB	in	ADP	 in
She has a line of GK Elite leotards and grips and a line of pink gymnastics equipment from AAI. People Magazine claimed that Liukin was in a relationship with American figure skater Evan Lysacek in a February 2010 article, but Lysacek denied the rumors in an interview with	with	ADP	Entertainment	PROPN	 Entertainment
While the similarly discussed Star Wars prequel trilogy (Episodes I, II and III) was ultimately released between 1999 and 2005, Lucasfilm and George Lucas had for many years denied plans for a sequel trilogy, insisting that Star Wars is meant to be a six part	part	NOUN	series	NOUN	 series
Then, in September, Crosby refused to participate in the recording of the Goffin – King song " Goin ' Back ", considering it to be inferior to his own " Triad ", a controversial song about a ménage à trois that was in direct competition with	with	ADP	"	PUNCT	 "
Al Adil further encouraged Uthman to act in order prevent al Afdal's incompetence putting the Ayyubid empire in jeopardy. Thus, in 1194, Uthman openly demanded the sultanate. Uthman's claim to the throne was settled in a series of assaults on Damascus in 1196,	,	PUNCT	forcing	VERB	 forcing
The entire church, except for its surviving crossing structure and offices, was dismantled stone by stone, which, along with the windows, were labelled and stored. " To assure permanence " in case of further earthquakes, the masonry was anchored to its thick,	,	PUNCT	concrete	ADJ	 concrete
Antonio died in 1841 without leaving a will. On his deathbed, he decided he wanted to reconcile with his son and, in a letter, offered Ygnacio several properties, including the 48,612 acre (197 km2) Rancho San Francisco land grant he had received.	.	PUNCT	Unfortunately	ADV	 Unfortunately
From the strong principle of inheritance, any selected variety will tend to propagate its new and modified form. At the end of the book he concluded that: There is grandeur in this view of life, with its several powers, having been originally breathed into a	a	DET	few	ADJ	 few
By now, the Port of London had sustained heavy damage with a third of its warehouses destroyed, and the West India and St Katherine Docks had been badly hit and put out of action. Bizarre events occurred when the River Lea burned with an eerie blue flame	flame	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
MacVeagh concluded, " You will please, therefore, proceed with the coinage of the new nickel. " The coins were officially released to circulation on March 4, 1913, and quickly gained positive comments for depicting truly American themes. However, The New York Times	Times	PROPN	stated	VERB	 stated
" He maintained a side interest in film, writing scripts and the screenplay for a low budget horror movie, Psycho Cop 2. The movie's producers offered Povenmire the opportunity to direct the film, but its terms required that he quit The Simpsons. Povenmire chose	chose	VERB	to	PART	 to
Many of the locations in the film were used without permission, and most of the extras were people who were already at the locations. As the extras were non actors who were persuaded to be in the film, their actions were improvised. The film was shot	shot	VERB	in	ADP	 in
In 1984 the law school established the Center for Dispute Resolution, an alternative dispute resolution program. In 1992, the Collins Legal Center went through an award winning renovation and expansion that ended with a dedication ceremony with a speech by U.S. Supreme Court Justice Sandra Day O	O	NOUN	'	PUNCT	'
Diderot's main battery consisted of four 305 mm / 45 Modèle 1906 guns mounted in two twin gun turrets, one forward and one aft. The secondary battery consisted of twelve 240 mm / 50 Modèle 1902 guns in twin turrets, three on each side of the	the	DET	ship	NOUN	 ship
Madeleine's parents are both physicians and practising Roman Catholics. Kate Marie McCann, née Healy (born 1968, Huyton, near Liverpool) attended All Saints School in Anfield, then Notre Dame High School, Everton Valley, graduating in 1992 with a degree in medicine	medicine	NOUN	from	ADP	 from
Devotees offer Ganesha sweets such as modaka and small sweet balls called laddus. He is often shown carrying a bowl of sweets, called a modakapātra. Because of his identification with the color red, he is often worshipped with red sandalwood paste (raktacandana) or red	red	ADJ	flowers	NOUN	 flowers
According to the Rio Tinto Group, in 2002 the diamonds produced and released to the market were valued at US $9 billion as rough diamonds, US $14 billion after being cut and polished, US $28 billion in wholesale diamond jewelry, and US $	$	SYM	57	NUM	57
These experiments are run at various concentrations of mesogen in order to analyze that impact. Lyotropic liquid crystalline phases are abundant in living systems, the study of which is referred to as lipid polymorphism. Accordingly, lyotropic liquid crystals attract particular attention in the field of biomimetic	biomimetic	ADJ	chemistry	NOUN	 chemistry
He and Daniel played primarily on the Canucks ' third line. Henrik improved to 36 points in his second NHL season; he finished with five goals in his last six games, taking his season total to 16. In the opening game of the 2002 Stanley Cup	Cup	PROPN	playoffs	NOUN	 playoffs
After the foreign forces left Finland, the militant factions of the Red and White lost their backup, while the pre 1918 cultural and national integrity, and the legacy of Fennomania, stood out among the Finns. The weakness of both Germany and Russia after World War	War	PROPN	I	PRON	 I
Sclerus met with their two leaders, Árpád and Kurszán, at the Lower Danube. Sclerus's mission succeeded: a Hungarian army soon crossed the Danube on Byzantine ships against Bulgaria. An interpolation in Porphyrogenitus's text suggests that the invading Hungarians were under the command of	of	ADP	Árpád	PROPN	 Árpád
On December 21, 1981, the Tony Award winning musical Dreamgirls opened at the Imperial Theatre on Broadway and ran for 1,522 performances. The musical, loosely based on the history of the Supremes, follows the story of the Dreams, an all female singing trio from	from	ADP	Chicago	PROPN	 Chicago
Australia collapsed for 162 in the second innings, with the Surrey spin twins of Jim Laker and Tony Lock taking nine wickets between them. This left England 132 to win, something they achieved with eight wickets intact. Lindwall was unable to remove any of the Englishmen	Englishmen	PROPN	.	PUNCT	.
gave the episode three out of five stars and wrote, " I ’ m going to go out on a bit of a limb here and say that while “ Mrs. California ” was of course not a return to form for The Office, it was a good	good	ADJ	example	NOUN	 example
Rob Thomas was giving an interview and happily saying, ' Oh yes, and we ’ re very excited. ' " After hearing this news, Hearst contacted her agent and jokingly asked her when the agent was planning on telling her that she would be appearing on	on	ADP	the	DET	 the
A separate study of the three daughters, Emilia Mary, Maria and Juliana, was sold by the auction house Christie's in 2012 for £121,000. In the 1790s, Boucherett began to rise through Lincolnshire's civic and mercantile circles, especially in the north of	of	ADP	the	DET	 the
She bore him a daughter, Emily, in 1933, and a son, Oskar Jr, in 1935. Schindler later claimed the boy was not his son. Schindler's father, an alcoholic, abandoned his wife in 1935. She died a few months later	later	ADV	after	ADP	 after
He is one in many million. " Co Producer Paul Rabwin said of the episode " An instant classic. One of those seminal episodes. You know, when people talk about The Twilight Zone, they say ' Remember " Eye of the Beholder "? '	'	PUNCT	Or	CCONJ	 Or
Despite his personal opinion of himself, the judiciary as a whole felt that his mix of humanity and common sense was beneficial to the court. During the 1951 Long Vacation he broadcast three talks for the BBC on the subject of international law and its growth and gave	gave	VERB	a	DET	 a
Governor Macías ordered Captain Salvador Meca and his 3rd company of the 25th Patria Battalion from Yauco to head for Guánica. Meca and his men were joined by Lieutenant Colonel Francisco Puig, who assumed command of the Spanish forces at Hacienda Desideria two miles (3 km)	)	PUNCT	from	ADP	 from
In his final year as an amateur athlete, he spent much of early 2008 battling a hamstring injury. However, he returned in April to win his third 200 m NCAA outdoor title, while placing fourth in the 100 m. Although his personal bests rivalled those of	of	ADP	top	ADJ	 top
The rock cut cave temples of the Rockfort, along with the gateway and the Erumbeeswarar Temple, are listed as monuments of national importance by the Archaeological Survey of India. Considered one of the symbols of Tiruchirappalli, the Rockfort is a fortress which stands atop a 273	273	NUM	foot	NOUN	 foot
On 16 November 1912, he was granted a commission as a lieutenant in the Administrative and Instructional Staff of the regular forces, then known as the Permanent Military Forces (PMF), retaining the rank of honorary captain until he was promoted to that rank in the	the	DET	PMF	PROPN	 PMF
The site was purchased by the government in 1978 and added to the then Anstey Hill Reserve. During the 1970s, part of the park's area was earmarked to be subdivided and developed for housing. Significant opposition to this use, due to the land's historical	historical	ADJ	and	CCONJ	 and
Galatasaray in response asked for the match to be played at a neutral venue or for Leeds fans to be banned from the match as well. In the end, Galatasaray fans were banned from the match. UEFA supported the ban and only 80 tickets were issued to	to	ADP	Galatasaray	PROPN	 Galatasaray
He served under Frank Weston, the Bishop of Zanzibar, a staunch Anglican with whom Keable clashed: Keable objected to Weston's unorthodox methods for training black African priests; Weston, a vehement supporter of these priests, saw prejudice in Keable's views. Weston was	was	AUX	to	PART	 to
In support of the album, Hamasaki held the (Miss) understood arena tour, which spanned three months with thirty concerts, from Saitama on March 11, 2006 to Yoyogi on June 11, 2006. Hamasaki's first single of 2006, " Startin ' "	"	PUNCT	,	PUNCT	,
He concluded for the album, " [it] hits you with recognizable hit after recognizable hit, and they are all pretty much as perfect as contemporary R & B pop gets ". Describing the album as a " masterclass in what happens when a great band	band	NOUN	comes	VERB	 comes
By the time the Washington Treaty had been fully implemented in Japan, only three classes of World War I era capital ships — the Fusō class (e.g. Yamashiro) and Ise class battleships, and the Kongō class battlecruisers — remained active. In July 1927, Crown	Crown	PROPN	Prince	PROPN	 Prince
Since the old road would be flooded, a $14.8 million new alignment, much of it four lanes, was built around the west side; the Western Pacific Railroad was also relocated to a nearby alignment. The double decker West Branch Bridge over the West Branch	Branch	PROPN	Feather	PROPN	 Feather
Apu then goes to take the test, and because he originally knew a lot about the history of the United States, he passes the test and becomes a citizen of the United States. At a congratulatory party, Homer tells his guests how terrible it would be	be	AUX	if	SCONJ	 if
The race restarted on lap 162 with Biffle in the lead, ahead of Kenseth and Jeff Gordon. By the 190th lap, Biffle's lead was three seconds. Another round of green flag pit stops began on lap 203 when Truex made a pit stop; Kenseth	Kenseth	PROPN	was	AUX	 was
He has made guest appearances on television shows such as Weakest Link, Mind of Mencia, Deal or No Deal, and MADtv. He appeared on the SyFy series Haven as a recurring character Dwight Hendrickson. In March 2016, Copeland was a panelist on Canada Reads	Reads	PROPN	defending	VERB	 defending
Boletus edulis, as its name implies, is an edible mushroom. Italian chef and restaurateur Antonio Carluccio has described it as representing " the wild mushroom par excellence ", and hails it as the most rewarding of all fungi in the kitchen for its taste and versatility	versatility	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
The French news magazine L ' Express noted the audience " dropped like flies " during the heterografting scene. During the film's showing at the 1960 Edinburgh Film Festival, seven audience members fainted, to which director Franju responded, " Now I know why Scotsmen wear	wear	VERB	skirts	NOUN	 skirts
Cook named it among Davis ' best works and the culmination of the music he had begun to explore on Bitches Brew (1970); as well as possessing an " epic " sound and scope, Agharta was " a great band record ", in his opinion	opinion	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
Stevenson thought this was a new species different from any previously described Limacella because of its larger size and amyloid spores. Austrian mycologist Egon Horak later transferred it to the genus Oudemansiella, but did not provide a reason for making the new combination. In 1986, Pegler	Pegler	PROPN	and	CCONJ	 and
" Pérez arrived in Kansas City amid widespread anger over the departure of fan favorite Dye. Facing off against Dye in one of his first games as a Royal, Pérez took the low key approach: " I'm just going to play my game. " Pérez	Pérez	PROPN	finished	VERB	 finished
It is reported that nine members of MacIntyre of Camus na h erie were taken prisoners in the 1745 rising. In the early 19th century, the family was represented by the Rev. John MacIntyre, D.D. of Kilmonivaig. Badenoch: The MacIntyres of Badenoch are said to	to	PART	have	AUX	 have
New Orleans detective Mitchell (Kasi Lemmons) is reluctant to investigate Binder's disappearance until his charred body is discovered in the ashes of a derelict building. The death is ruled accidental, but Chance searches the ruins and finds Binder's dog tag, which was pierced	pierced	VERB	by	ADP	 by
The United States has restricted her access into and out of the country during her career since the release of her debut album. M.I.A. notes that the voicelessness she felt as a child dictated her role as a refugee advocate and voice lender to civilians in war during her	her	PRON	career	NOUN	 career
In addition to these concerts, The Black Mages made live appearances at two Final Fantasy concerts, More Friends: Music from Final Fantasy and Voices - Music from Final Fantasy, as well as another video game music event, Extra: Hyper Game Music Event 2007.	.	PUNCT	In	ADP	 In
The main character in the first series is Firestar, a young kittypet who decides to join the Clans as a kittypet. In the second series, it wavers between the cats who journey to a young badger, Midnight, who tells them that the forest will be	be	AUX	destroyed	VERB	 destroyed
The castle lies on the top of a steep hill called the Tor, and has been fortified since the late Anglo Saxon period. After the Norman conquest of England in the 11th century, William de Mohun constructed a timber castle on the site as part of the	the	DET	pacification	NOUN	 pacification
Many upset passengers demanded refunds, to which the cruise line offered discounts for future cruises and a $40 credit card during their cruise. Winds of up to 100 mph (160 km / h) in southern Baja California Sur left much of Cabo San Lucas without	without	ADP	water	NOUN	 water
The monks then elected Stephen Langton, with Innocent's approval. John did not accept Langton's candidacy however, and Innocent's consecration of Langton in 1207 led to an eight year struggle between John and the pope over the rights of the king to secure the election	election	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
At 03: 52, the battleship was attacked by a large formation to the north commanded by Rear Admiral Jesse Oldendorf. First came 6- and 8 inch (200 mm) shells from three heavy cruisers, Louisville, Portland, and Minneapolis, and four light cruisers	cruisers	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
With Argentina no longer in compliance with the conditions of the expanded IMF supported program, the IMF decided to suspend disbursements. At the end of December, in a climate of severe political and social unrest, the country partially defaulted on its international obligations; in January	January	PROPN	2002	NUM	 2002
In 2012, East Lake improved to 11 – 2, but again lost in the FHSAA Class 8A region final, this time to Dr. Phillips High School on November 30 by a 31 – 21 margin. In the first game of the season, when starter Artavis	Artavis	PROPN	Scott	PROPN	 Scott
After receiving hits, the Bf 109's hood was jettisoned and the pilot baled out. Several No. 145 Squadron pilots witnessed the victory. He had expended 278 rounds from P7837's guns. The Bf 109 was one of five lost by Jagdgeschwader 2 (Fighter	Fighter	PROPN	Wing	PROPN	 Wing
The HD Edition features some of the content from the Subsistence version, such as the third person camera, demo theater and the inclusion of the MSX2 Metal Gear games, but lacks the online multiplayer mode and the " Snake vs. Monkey " minigame (due to this	this	DET	version	NOUN	 version
Saintsbury secured a role for Chaplin in Charles Frohman's production of Sherlock Holmes, where he played Billy the pageboy in three nationwide tours. His performance was so well received that he was called to London to play the role alongside William Gillette, the original Holmes.	.	PUNCT	"	PUNCT	 "
Produced by Rick Rubin, it was the band's first record released on Warner Bros. Records. The musical styles of Blood Sugar Sex Magik differed notably from the techniques employed on the Chili Peppers ' preceding album, Mother's Milk, and featured little use of heavy	heavy	ADJ	metal	NOUN	 metal
In fall 2009, Conrad collaborated with Kohl's to launch her second fashion line LC Lauren Conrad, and was later expanded to include a bedding collection. In September 2010, Conrad was to star in an MTV series that would have focused on her career endeavors,	,	PUNCT	though	SCONJ	 though
The office vacancy rate decreased to 10.65% in 2012 from 12.08% in 2011, while the flex vacancy rate decreased slightly more, with a drop from 16.50% to 15.02%. Pfizer, once the city's second largest employer, operated a large pharmaceutical research	research	NOUN	facility	NOUN	 facility
After spending years modeling and acting, Candice Michelle was hired by WWE in 2004, after she participated in the WWE Diva Search. Outside of wrestling, she is known as the Go Daddy Girl, performing in the company's annual Super Bowl commercials. She also	also	ADV	posed	VERB	 posed
Hix had previously created a mutton and crayfish for a festival aimed at increasing the use of the meat, and it was served at his London restaurants for a time. In the children's book, The Lighthouse Keeper's Cat by Ronda and David Armitage, the	the	DET	protagonist	NOUN	 protagonist
Most of the construction funding will come from federal ($62.5 million), state ($37 million) and city taxpayers ($10.5 million), with approximately $15 million from assessments on properties located within the Downtown Development Authority. Broward County (BCT	BCT	PROPN	)	PUNCT	)
Winnie runs the story, and Bretton James is exposed. The investors, including Steinhardt, promptly abandon Bretton and go to Gekko on the back of his $1.1 billion return as Bretton finds himself under intense legal scrutiny by the government. Jake has successfully reunited with	with	ADP	Winnie	PROPN	 Winnie
McBride then held a contest to name the team in May 1945; " Cleveland Panthers " was the most popular choice, but Brown rejected it because it was the name of an earlier failed football team. " That old Panthers team failed, " Brown said.	.	PUNCT	"	PUNCT	 "
Daniil Kvyat was unable to set a timed lap as his team worked to solve an electrical problem. Qualifying consisted of three parts, 18, 15 and 12 minutes in length respectively, with five drivers eliminated from competing after each of the first two sessions. At	At	ADP	the	DET	 the
Here, Miles realizes that he himself caused his father to order his mother and his three month old self to leave. Faraday theorizes that if " Jughead " – a hydrogen bomb that is buried on the island – is detonated at the Swan site by the underground	underground	ADJ	electromagnetic	ADJ	 electromagnetic
Most of the 4- and 5 year olds understood that Big Bird and the adults were sad. Most children (80%) were attentive during the episode. The parents interviewed had " overwhelmingly positive " reactions to the show, and that half reported that they had	had	AUX	discussed	VERB	 discussed
The Enhanced Fujita (EF) Scale was an update to the older Fujita scale, by expert elicitation, using engineered wind estimates and better damage descriptions. The EF Scale was designed so that a tornado rated on the Fujita scale would receive the same numerical rating,	,	PUNCT	and	CCONJ	 and
I had to write to him — he does handwritten letters, not e mail — and explain why I wanted to use some of his older vocal tracks on the album... So after I wrote him the letter, he said I was free to do whatever because	because	SCONJ	he	PRON	 he
This stage's map is identical to worlds 2 2 and 7 2 and upon entering the warp pipe at the end, the player is taken back to the start of the level, thus trapping the player in the level until losing all extra lives. Although the	the	DET	level	NOUN	 level
Founded in 1948, UUCA was the first Unitarian church in Washington, D.C. ' s suburbs. Throughout its history, UUCA has taken part in progressive causes from the Civil Rights Movement to the legalization of same sex marriage in Virginia. During the Civil Rights Movement,	,	PUNCT	UUCA	PROPN	 UUCA
The PC port was less positively received. Turok was often called a " Doom clone " for its similarity to the i d Software title. Douglass Perry of the multimedia website IGN compared Turok favorably to Doom, saying that the title distinguished itself from other clones by	by	ADP	allowing	VERB	 allowing
In response to the closure of local Youth Clubs and declining state support for local transport, the charity combats issues of rural isolation and provides young residents with recreational activities. St Andrew's Church dates from the 12th century with a large 15th century pinnacled sandstone tower,	,	PUNCT	a	DET	 a
The dominant parties of the new republic were the Christian conservative Austrian People's Party and the Socialist Party. Both promoted Austrian independence, and considered the idea of a " Greater Germany " an anachronism. All former members of the Nazi party were banned from any political	political	ADJ	activity	NOUN	 activity
Kawan Bergeloet contains twelve short stories or sketches written by Soeman, seven of which had initially been written for and published in Pandji Poestaka. The remaining stories were written especially for the new collection. The first edition included an article on Soeman, written by Sutan Takdir	Takdir	PROPN	Alisjahbana	PROPN	 Alisjahbana
The band went on tours with Matchbox Twenty and 3 Doors Down as an opening act before going on their first headline tour that featured American rock band The Calling and American singer Michelle Branch. The song was written by Lifehouse lead singer Jason Wade. It was produced	produced	VERB	by	ADP	 by
Ryholt further posits that the son of Sheshi and Tati was Nehesy, whose name means " The Nubian ", whom he believes succeeded Sheshi to the throne as the pharaoh Nehesy Aasehre. The nomen of Sheshi is inscribed on over two hundred scarab seals, which constitute	constitute	VERB	the	DET	 the
However, Luna broke her arm and Sherri left the WWF in July 1993, however, forcing the WWF to change the match. Two reasons have been given for Sherri's departure: her decision to enroll in cosmetology school and failed drug tests. As a result	result	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
The effects in the film were notably more intricate than the simple ones featured in Raimi's prior projects, and contained mutilated bodies, stabbed body parts and demonic possession skin attachments. Tom Sullivan was one of the primary make up supervisors on set, and he found	found	VERB	it	PRON	 it
We can put a president in the show. ' And a good one too. We're going to give him a little credit at the end. " Even though Superintendent Chalmers was first introduced in the season four episode " Whacking Day ", the character had	had	AUX	never	ADV	 never
Alfonsín met with Menem and agreed to support the proposal in exchange for amendments that would place limits on presidential power. This negotiation is known as the Pact of Olivos. The capital city of Buenos Aires would be allowed to elect its own chief of government. Presidential	Presidential	ADJ	elections	NOUN	 elections
Sensing an opportunity during a weak period in the Chalukya rule, Dantidurga trounced the great Chalukyan " Karnatabala " (power of Karnata). Having overthrown the Chalukyas, the Rashtrakutas made Manyakheta their capital (modern Malkhed in Gulbarga district). Although the origins of the	the	DET	early	ADJ	 early
Initially, Monteverdi had little enthusiasm for Le nozze di Tetide, and sought ways of avoiding or delaying work on it. He would accept the commission, he informed Striggio on 9 December 1616, because it was the wish of his feudal lord the duke. However	However	ADV	,	PUNCT	,
While his interpretation of hadrosaurids as terrestrial animals has been generally accepted, the Senckenberg plant fossils remain equivocal. Kenneth Carpenter has suggested that they may actually represent the gut contents of a starving animal, instead of a typical diet. Other authors have noted that because the	the	DET	plant	NOUN	 plant
It was written by actor Paul Lieberstein and directed by Lost series creator J. J. Abrams, his first such credit for The Office. NBC hired Abrams and Joss Whedon to each direct an episode during their February sweeps week. Michael Patrick McGill, Dan Cole, Owen	Owen	PROPN	Daniels	PROPN	 Daniels
Liverpool was the ninth highest earning football club in the world for 2013 – 14, with an annual revenue of €306 million, and the world's eighth most valuable football club in 2015, valued at $982 million. The club holds many long standing rivalries	rivalries	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
The two men escaped out the back of the shop while their guard waited at the front counter. Wiesenthal did not mention either of these events — or Kohlrautz's part in them — when testifying to American investigators in May 1945, or in an affidavit he made	made	VERB	in	ADP	 in
Kariya also received Hockey East First All Star Team honours alongside teammates Jim Montgomery, Chris Imes and Mike Dunham. Nationally, Kariya was recognized with the Hobey Baker Award as the NCAA's top player, becoming the first freshman in history to earn the distinction. During	During	ADP	the	DET	 the
Hōshō's designed speed was reduced to 25 knots (46 km / h; 29 mph), based on British experiences during World War I. Hōshō was completed with an overall length of 168.25 meters (552 ft 0 in). She had a beam of 17.98	17.98	NUM	meters	NOUN	 meters
At the event, Edge retained the title by pinning Cena after he hit him in the back of the head with a pair of brass knuckles when the referee was not looking. The night after SummerSlam, Lita disposed of Cena's customized " spinner " belt into	into	ADP	the	DET	 the
] When I released Church Clothes earlier this year, it was the precursor of what's come with this album. It introduced my music to new audiences, allowing me to impact others. " Lecrae stated in an exclusive video with AllHipHop that after recording Church Clothes	Clothes	PROPN	in	ADP	 in
Burdette terms Barber's designs, " typically mediocre imitations of the current French style — hardly better than the arcane seated Liberty type they replaced ". Art historian Cornelius Vermeule, in his work on U.S. coins, took a more positive view of Barber's coinage,	,	PUNCT	"	PUNCT	 "
Support for the Xbox, a variant IA 32 architecture, was added through the use of an architecture specific HAL, although this, along with a port to PowerPC, are no longer actively maintained. While ReactOS has the aim to build a Windows compatible kernel as	as	ADP	open	ADJ	 open
When Lee strayed too far from his army on December 12, his exposed position was betrayed by Loyalists, and a British company led by Lieutenant Colonel Banastre Tarleton surrounded the inn where he was staying and took him prisoner. Lee's command was taken over by John	John	PROPN	Sullivan	PROPN	 Sullivan
" Wave of Sorrow (Birdland) " is a completed version of the demo " Birdland ", and " Drunk Chicken / America " features an excerpt of Allen Ginsberg's recitation of his poem, " America ". The bonus DVD features live concert footage,	,	PUNCT	a	DET	 a
The inquiry heard that Arthurworrey was overworked, taking on more cases than guidelines allow. Carole Baptiste, Arthurworrey's first supervisor, initially refused to attend the hearings, but subsequently gave vague responses to the inquiry, and said that she had been suffering from mental illness	illness	NOUN	at	ADP	 at
An analysis of the team's mechanical problems further suggested that there was a critical fault in the internal combustion chamber that was having a residual effect on the other components by placing undue stress on them, and an inefficient MGU H that was using energy faster than it	it	PRON	could	AUX	 could
In contrast, the portrayal of the mythos in Type 0 was praised by RPG Site's Erren Van Duine in an import review of the title, with him saying that " elements such as l ' Cie and fal ' Cie are handled in much more interesting ways	ways	NOUN	"	PUNCT	 "
She developed the new technique of autoradiography while working for the United States Atomic Energy Commission at the University of Rochester in Rochester, New York. On returning to Denmark, she worked with the National Museum of Denmark in Copenhagen to develop radiocarbon dating equipment. This was	was	AUX	put	VERB	 put
A secondary dual purpose armament of eight 5 inch (127 mm) guns was also projected to be carried for defense against enemy torpedo boats and aircraft. In 1934, another design for a flight deck cruiser was proposed, featuring twelve 6 in (152 mm)	)	PUNCT	guns	NOUN	 guns
Berries and other soft fruit are preferred, and figs are particularly important for birds preparing to migrate. This predilection gives rise to the Italian beccafico (fig pecker) and Portuguese felosa das figueiras (fig tree warbler) as names for this species. On this diet	diet	NOUN	a	DET	 a
The new column, " This, Our Town, " was assigned to Watson. Watson's new column quickly broadened its scope to cover all aspects of life in Seattle. In 1959 it was rechristened " This, Our City. " By 1962, the column	column	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
Godin and Peter Lerangis, under the pseudonym " A. L. Singer ", wrote the novelization. As with the other Worlds of Power books, the amount of violence present in the video game was toned down in the novelization, because Godin and Scholastic were concerned that	that	SCONJ	some	PRON	 some
Philip Morris issued a response to the segment, which received some criticism. The " Tobacco " segment received widespread media coverage, with several outlets praising Oliver's ability to launch successful marketing campaigns and change perceptions about smoking through the creation of the mascot. Jeff later	later	ADV	appeared	VERB	 appeared
He fully embraced Yorkshire's hard edged competitiveness in the early 1920s: he questioned the decisions of umpires and sledged opposing batsmen, both of which were unusual at the time. His Times obituary noted that some disagreements came because Waddington played to win and was an enthusiastic	enthusiastic	ADJ	appealer	NOUN	 appealer
According to political scientist Taras Kuzio the summit showed that Georgia rapidly moved ahead of Ukraine in its drive to join NATO, even though it joined the Intensified Dialogue program a year later than Ukraine, because president of Ukraine Viktor Yushchenko failed to support a pro Western Orange	Orange	PROPN	revolution	NOUN	 revolution
Flight testing began with the first flight of the second AH 56 (s / n 66 8827) in September 1967. During early flight tests, a rotor instability issue was discovered when the aircraft was flying at low altitude in ground effect. As the flight envelope	envelope	NOUN	was	AUX	 was
Its history of British dominance meant that Australia was " grounded in British culture and political traditions that had been transported to the Australian colonies in the nineteenth century and become part of colonial culture and politics ". Australia maintains the Westminster system of Parliamentary Government and Elizabeth II	II	PROPN	as	ADP	 as
Shortly after the match began, Phoenix threw Brooke over the top rope. Soon after, Hall eliminated Maria and Layla was thrown out by Melina. Kristal then eliminated Victoria, but was then thrown over the ropes by James and accidentally knocked off the apron by McCool	McCool	PROPN	.	PUNCT	.
Another important industry during this period was the manufacture of fusee chains for watches and clocks. In 1790, Robert Cox began to manufacture fusee chains in workshops in the High Street. By 1793 Cox gained a monopoly on chain production in Britain, supplying watch, clock	clock	NOUN	and	CCONJ	 and
The Auckland Mounted Rifle Regiment's objective was to capture the Damieh crossing from the north east, while the Wellington Mounted Rifle Regiment's objectives were to make a frontal attack on El Makhruk, capture the headquarters of the Ottoman 53rd Division, and cut the Nablus road	road	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
As well as the cemeteries, the excavations in the 1990s confirmed the presence of a linear settlement, stretching along the Fosse Way for perhaps a kilometre, comprising cobbled streets, wooden and stone workshops and houses (some with two storeys) containing hearths and ovens,	,	PUNCT	industrial	ADJ	 industrial
Cleveland Tunnel is 173 feet (53 m) long and runs under Cleveland House, the former headquarters of the Kennet and Avon Canal Company and now a Grade II * listed building. A trap door in the tunnel roof was used to pass paperwork between clerks above	above	ADV	and	CCONJ	 and
Obsidian was said to be inspired by InXile Entertainment's success of using Kickstarter to fund Wasteland 2. Chris Avellone said during the project's announcement that if the campaign were to succeed, Pillars of Eternity would become a franchise. He also ruled out a possible console	console	NOUN	port	NOUN	 port
In May 2011, YouTube reported in its company blog that the site was receiving more than three billion views per day. In January 2012, YouTube stated that the figure had increased to four billion videos streamed per day. In October 2010, Hurley announced that he	he	PRON	would	AUX	 would
They declare their love for each other and eventually plan to elope. The captain discovers this plan, but, as in many of the Gilbert and Sullivan operas, a surprise disclosure changes things dramatically near the end of the story. Drawing on several of his earlier	earlier	ADJ	"	PUNCT	 "
Fibres extracted from the leaf sheath of R. regia have been found to be comparable with sisal and banana fibres, but lower in density, making it a potentially useful source for the use in lightweight composite materials. An extract from R. regia fruit known as D 004	004	NUM	reduces	VERB	 reduces
Lower Clarence settlers were by necessity good oarsmen, and several of them became national and even world champion scullers. Rush, who in his prime was over six feet tall and weighed 13 stone, soon distinguished himself as a powerful ' puller '. He rowed the	the	DET	heavy	ADJ	 heavy
The two have an argument resulting in neither of them wanting to move. They gamble for the apartment and Jerry wins. Meanwhile, Kramer claims that he thinks he knows where Jerry's stolen objects are, and suspects an Englishman along the hallway who denies having any	any	DET	"	PUNCT	 "
The portion of the route built to freeway standards is known as the Costa Mesa Freeway (formerly the Newport Freeway). SR 55 runs between Finley Avenue south of Pacific Coast Highway (SR 1) in Newport Beach and the Riverside Freeway (SR 91) in	in	ADP	Anaheim	PROPN	 Anaheim
Suddenly, Mulder's heart monitor flatlines. Two weeks earlier, in the Beaufort Sea, crewmen on a ship spot a light in the sky that soon crashes into the sea. A body is retrieved from the crash, revealed to be an Alien Bounty Hunter.	.	PUNCT	Two	NUM	 Two
During this and other fights resulting from Stefan's death, southern and eastern Serbia, including the Monastery of Daljša near Golubac, suffered heavily. It was after this fighting, however, that Sigismund was first referred to as " our Emperor ", in the memoir	memoir	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
" The first thing I did on the Mac was to port a modem game I'd written called Minotaur from 6502 Assembly on the Apple II into MPW C on the Mac. I was still finishing that when I came to college. By that time, I	I	PRON	knew	VERB	 knew
The Japanese assault on the 2 / 23rd subsequently delayed the 9th Division's advance for several days, and these would eventually prove significant as in that time, the rain set in, flooding the numerous waterways that forked inland from the coast. Covered with heavy fire	fire	NOUN	from	ADP	 from
Forming near Hainan Island on May 21 as a monsoon depression, the initial tropical disturbance moved through the South China sea while slowly organizing. Becoming a tropical depression in the Formosa Strait, Mac quickly became a tropical storm and turned northeast, paralleling the coast of Taiwan	Taiwan	PROPN	.	PUNCT	.
On May 3, it was revealed that Park will be participating in the soundtrack of M. Night Shyamalan's 2013 American science fiction thriller film, After Earth, having been personally contacted by Will Smith and Jaden Smith. The song, titled " I Like 2 Party	Party	PROPN	"	PUNCT	 "
Marat had her bow blown off and Oktyabrskaya Revolyutsiya was badly damaged by multiple bomb hits in September. The former was sunk, but later raised and became a floating battery for the duration of the Siege of Leningrad while the latter spent over a year under repair,	,	PUNCT	although	SCONJ	 although
The title is a reference to a line from the 1992 film Wayne's World. The album garnered significant attention from music journalists for its compositional and production technique. In two Guitar Center stores, Greenwald tapped people playing instruments on his iPhone, and used snippets of	of	ADP	these	DET	 these
Women currently outnumber men in Biology, Brain & Cognitive Sciences, Architecture, Urban Planning, and Biological Engineering. A number of student deaths in the late 1990s and early 2000s resulted in considerable media attention to MIT's culture and student life. After the alcohol related	related	VERB	death	NOUN	 death
A force of 14,000 troops was assembled for the opening of the first Federal Parliament on 9 May 1901 in Melbourne; Chauvel was selected as brigade major of the mounted contingent, his first Federal posting. He became Staff Officer, Northern Military District, based at Townsville	Townsville	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
At Rogowo near Chełmno a Wielbark settlement, an industrial production site and a 2nd to 3rd century bi ritual cemetery with very richly furnished graves have been discovered. In the area of Ulkowy, Gdańsk County a settlement consisting of both sunken floor and post construction dwellings,	,	PUNCT	as	ADV	 as
Harrington became the first European to win the PGA Championship in 78 years and was the first winner from Ireland. Three golfers from Northern Ireland have been particularly successful. In 2010, Graeme McDowell became the first Irish golfer to win the U.S. Open, and the first	first	ADJ	European	PROPN	 European
It was uncommon on the royal table, although according to the 16th century Polish botanist Marcin of Urzędów – citing Giovanni Manardo, a court physician to the Jagiellonian kings of Hungary – the Polish born King Vladislaus II used to have a Polish hogweed based dish prepared for	for	ADP	him	PRON	 him
According to author David Paul, this may explain why Szabó shifted gears even more dramatically in his next film, Confidence (1980), in which historical events are represented straightforwardly, and are filtered through neither memory nor allegory. The film focuses on the relationship between	between	ADP	a	DET	 a
The highway heads southeast as two lane Old Philadelphia Road in a forested area between a pair of quarries. As MD 7 approaches the Amtrak Northeast Corridor, MD 267 (Baltimore Street) splits to the southeast and crosses the tracks to pass through Charlestown, while MD	MD	PROPN	7	NUM	 7
His first hit of the season came the day after, against California. In the majors that year, Stein batted.276 with five runs scored, 12 hits, one double, and five RBIs in 13 games played. Stein spent his first full season in the majors	majors	NOUN	during	ADP	 during
Blaine grew to enjoy life in his adopted state and became an admirer of Kentucky Senator Henry Clay. He also made the acquaintance of Harriet Stanwood, a teacher at the nearby Millersburg Female College and native of Maine. On June 30, 1850, the two were	were	AUX	married	VERB	 married
Alabama earned their third SEC championship since the inception of the SEC Championship Game in 1992, and their 22nd SEC title. The victory over Texas gave Alabama their 13th national championship in football (their eighth wire service title since the AP Poll began in 1936) and	and	CCONJ	their	PRON	 their
In North America, the 3D re release ended its run in theaters on January 12, 2012 with a gross $94,242,001. Outside North America, it earned $83,400,000. The successful 3D re release of The Lion King made Disney and Pixar plan 3D theatrical re	re	ADP	releases	NOUN	 releases
Hiltebeitel theorizes that both the first (heroic death) and third (marriage) boons originated with the Kuttantavar cult, while the second boon originated with the Draupadi cult. The Kuttantavar cult ritualizes both the heroic death and the marriage ceremony — enacted by ali (officially	officially	ADV	,	PUNCT	,
On the extreme left was the hamlet of Papelotte. Both Hougoumont and Papelotte were fortified and garrisoned, and thus anchored Wellington's flanks securely. Papelotte also commanded the road to Wavre that the Prussians would use to send reinforcements to Wellington's position. On the western	western	ADJ	side	NOUN	 side
They began dating and they married in the spring of 1942. She enrolled in the landscape architecture program at Harvard University, and Pei was thus introduced to members of the faculty at Harvard's Graduate School of Design (GSD). He was excited by the lively	lively	ADJ	atmosphere	NOUN	 atmosphere
One hit a torpedo room, and another burst in the aft 47 mm magazine. That started a fire that could not be put out because the flooding system had been previously damaged and eventually ignited propellant charges in the adjacent 12 inch magazine. About a half hour	hour	NOUN	after	ADP	 after
Dhananjayan noted the line also became a text book example of dialogue delivery for aspiring actors. In April 2012, Rediff included the film in its list " The A to Z of Tamil Cinema ". In a January 2015 interview with The Times of India, playwright	playwright	ADJ	Y.	PROPN	 Y.
It was the twelfth tropical storm, eighth hurricane, and record breaking fifth Category 4 hurricane in the 1999 Atlantic hurricane season. Lenny formed on November 13 in the western Caribbean Sea and maintained an unprecedented west to east track for its entire duration. It attained hurricane	hurricane	NOUN	status	NOUN	 status
Shaw and Crompton does not have a mayor, but does have a town crier, a purely ceremonial role. Shaw and Crompton is one of only a few parishes of England that still observes the ancient custom of Beating the bounds. Originally an annual event, it	it	PRON	now	ADV	 now
Nevertheless, it is far enough away and has had sufficient time to evolve endemic species. The high degree of endemism is emphasised by the presence of five endemic genera: Negria, Lordhowea, Howea, Lepidorrhachis, and Hedyscepe. Island plants are similar to those of	of	ADP	Norfolk	PROPN	 Norfolk
He also authored, co authored, and edited several books. He promoted American football and advocated for retired professional football players. Kemp was posthumously awarded the Presidential Medal of Freedom in 2009 by President Barack Obama. Born, raised, and educated in Los Angeles,	,	PUNCT	Kemp	PROPN	 Kemp
Popular representations of John first began to emerge during the Tudor period, mirroring the revisionist histories of the time. The anonymous play The Troublesome Reign of King John portrayed the king as a " proto Protestant martyr ", similar to that shown in John Bale's morality	morality	NOUN	play	VERB	 play
He made it to the quarterfinals of the 2014 US Open, losing to Novak Djokovic, after earning his first top ten win of the year in the previous round against Jo Wilfried Tsonga. This was the first season since 2009 where Murray failed to reach a grand	grand	ADJ	slam	NOUN	 slam
Prus ' stories, which met with great acclaim, owed much to the literary influence of Polish novelist Józef Ignacy Kraszewski and, among English language writers, to Charles Dickens and Mark Twain. His fiction would also be influenced by French writers Victor Hugo, Gustave Flaubert	Flaubert	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
Boosey had conceived a passionate hostility to the broadcasting of music, fearing that it would lead to the end of live concerts. He attempted to prevent anyone who wished to perform at the Queen's Hall from broadcasting for the BBC. This affected many of the artists	artists	NOUN	whom	PRON	 whom
He followed this with a match haul of 7 / 118 in the following match in Chittagong to take 18 wickets at 11.88 to be named as man of the series. India swept the series, winning both matches by an innings. Although the Indian batsmen scored heavily	heavily	ADV	,	PUNCT	,
It is possible that the work was written principally for the benefit of a Welsh audience. Asser takes pains to explain local geography, so he was clearly considering an audience not familiar with the areas he described. More specifically, at several points he gives an English	English	ADJ	name	NOUN	 name
The appeal was heard by the General Assembly on 31 May 1861 with Gregorson Campbell's defence arguing that the main thrust of the complaints was actually founded on the congregation's desire to have their own preferred minister appointed. The motion was not upheld and Gregorson Campbell became	became	VERB	the	DET	 the
I love this movie and as soon as it was over, I wanted to see it again. ” James Rocchi, writing for The Playlist, gave the film an A letter grade and said, " Drive works as a great demonstration of how, when there	there	PRON	’	AUX	 ’
He then asked if twin 380 millimeter (15.0 in) turrets could be used instead. The Germans said that they would have to check back for the technical details. Krupp had six incomplete turrets on hand that had originally been ordered before the war to rearm the	the	DET	Scharnhorst	PROPN	 Scharnhorst
Officers Greene and Stodder were among the last men to abandon ship and remained with Bankhead who was the last surviving man to abandon the sinking Monitor. In his official report of Monitor to the Navy Department Bankhead praised Green and Stodder for their heroic efforts and wrote,	,	PUNCT	I	PRON	 I
Miles Morales ' Spider Man suit is available as an alternate costume for Spider Man (Peter Parker) in Spider Man: Edge of Time. Miles Morales appears as a playable character in Marvel Super Hero Squad Online, voiced by Alimi Ballard. Miles Morales ' Spider	Spider	PROPN	Man	PROPN	 Man
The films often include a one liner, often of a sexual nature, at the dénouement. At the close of The Spy Who Loved Me, Roger Moore's final line when caught with a woman, was that he was " Keeping the British end up,	,	PUNCT	Sir	PROPN	 Sir
Finn (Cory Monteith) asks Rachel (Lea Michele) for her answer to his proposal since he has waited the three days she requested, but she is not ready, so he agrees to wait longer. Rachel asks Quinn (Dianna Agron) for advice,	,	PUNCT	and	CCONJ	 and
Clark had a conversation with Condoleezza Rice in which she told him that the war in Kosovo would not have occurred under Bush. Clark found such an admission unsettling, as he had been selected for the SACEUR position because he believed more in the interventionist policies of the	the	DET	Clinton	PROPN	 Clinton
The first players ' union was formed February 12, 1957 by Red Wings player Ted Lindsay who had sat on the board of the NHL's Pension Society since 1952. Lindsay and his fellow players were upset by the league's refusal to let them view the books	books	NOUN	related	VERB	 related
In addition, these theories were being developed just as other physicists were beginning to discover quantum mechanics, which would ultimately prove successful in describing known forces such as electromagnetism, as well as new nuclear forces that were being discovered throughout the middle part of the century.	.	PUNCT	Thus	ADV	 Thus
The Solicitor General said they would not seek van der Sloot's extradition to Aruba. On 30 June, a federal grand jury formally indicted van der Sloot of the two charges. The indictment filed with the U.S. District Court seeks the forfeiture of the $25,100 that	that	PRON	had	AUX	 had
Tracking Kreia to Telos, the Exile fights and defeats a corrupted Atris, from whom they learn that Kreia plans to destroy the Force by strengthening a massive wound that the Exile had caused ten years ago during the Mandalorian Wars; when the Exile ordered the activation of	of	ADP	the	DET	 the
The combined concentrations of gases in any given tissue depend on the history of pressure and gas composition. Under equilibrium conditions, the total concentration of dissolved gases is less than the ambient pressure — as oxygen is metabolized in the tissues, and the carbon dioxide produced is	is	AUX	much	ADV	 much
They also moult their fleece naturally, rather than having to be shorn annually, though older individuals do not moult as easily and may require additional shearing. Fleeces are grey or creamy white on the body, though darker individuals occur whose colouring is similar to the Soay	Soay	PROPN	sheep	NOUN	 sheep
The response from non natives was almost the opposite, with 68% responding that the name is not offensive. In May 2016, the Washington Post (WaPo) released a poll of self identified Native Americans that produced the same results as the 2004 Annenberg poll,	,	PUNCT	that	SCONJ	 that
He cares little for others, and simply considers people to be " toys " he can sacrifice in order to get to what he wants. However, despite claiming this, he seems to tolerate both Ken and Chikusa, and even protects them, as well as	as	ADP	sacrifice	VERB	 sacrifice
The U.S. produces about 7 percent of the world's farmed trout. Rainbow trout, especially those raised in farms and hatcheries, are susceptible to enteric redmouth disease. A considerable amount of research has been conducted on redmouth disease, given its serious implications for rainbow trout	trout	PROPN	farming	VERB	 farming
In 1979 they released the track, " Some Day " for the compilation album, Home Grown Volume One; " Some Day " was cowritten with Tony Backhouse, guitarist of fellow Wellington band, The Spats, which also had a track, " Young Ladies in	in	ADP	Hot	PROPN	 Hot
They had: Ayscoghe Boucherett (1817 – 32), Henry Robert Boucherett, J.P. (1818 – 77), who was High Sheriff of Lincolnshire in 1866, Hugo Boucherett (1819 – c. 1839), Louisa Boucherett (1821 – 95), and Emilia	Emilia	PROPN	Jessie	PROPN	 Jessie
Chanderpati was widowed at the age of 37, when Manoj was only 9. Manoj owned an electronics repair shop at Kaithal and was the only member of his family receiving income. Manoj's cousin, Narender, lived with the family and worked in Panchkula. Babli	Babli	PROPN	's	PART	's
On April 9, 2008, reality competition American Idol aired its second annual charity event, titled Idol Gives Back. Backed up by Randy Jackson on the bass, Carey appeared on stage as the last head lining performer of the evening. Mid way through the performance	performance	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
" In the case of computers, two machines are functionally isomorphic if and only if the sequential relations among states in the first are exactly mirrored by the sequential relations among states in the other. Therefore, a computer made out of silicon chips and a computer made	made	VERB	out	ADP	 out
" In 1935, at the age of 18, Anderson left her Brisbane home to live in Sydney. Despite the fact that she spent her childhood in Queensland, she stated in interviews that she felt more affinity with Sydney, the city where she was to spend	spend	VERB	the	DET	 the
Brown established his reputation in the early alternative comics scene of the 1980s with the surreal, taboo breaking Ed the Happy Clown. He brought that story to an abrupt end in 1989 when, excited by the autobiographical comics of Joe Matt and Julie Doucet, he turned	turned	VERB	towards	ADP	 towards
Somewhere examines similar themes of success and isolation, but from a male perspective. The film explores Marco's seclusion and depression despite his outward professional success and the resulting wealth and fame. He appears to suffer from anhedonia, the inability to feel pleasure, but the	the	DET	film	NOUN	 film
He was honoured with a state funeral, which was followed with a five day period of nationwide mourning. He was buried in the Kremlin Wall Necropolis in Red Square. National and international statesmen from around the globe attended his funeral. His wife and family attended;	;	PUNCT	his	PRON	 his
" In the autumn of 1857, The Atlantic Monthly was established, and Lowell was its first editor. With its first issue in November of that year, he at once gave the magazine the stamp of high literature and of bold speech on public affairs. In	In	ADP	January	PROPN	 January
In 1951, the club formed the MCC Youth Cricket Association, of which Allen was a member. Another part of the process was the compilation of the MCC coaching book in 1951, which aimed to improve coaching standards throughout the country. Allen worked in collaboration with	with	ADP	Harry	PROPN	 Harry
On June 26, Parker was selected no. 2 overall by the Milwaukee Bucks. Just prior to the draft, Parker became the second member of the 2014 draft class to sign a shoe contract when he signed an endorsement deal with the Jordan Brand. On July	July	PROPN	9	NUM	 9
While the Scottish Enlightenment is traditionally considered to have concluded toward the end of the 18th century, disproportionately large Scottish contributions to British science and letters continued for another 50 years or more, thanks to such figures as the physicists James Clerk Maxwell and Lord Kelvin, and	and	CCONJ	the	DET	 the
The New Jersey State Highway Department favored the Essex Freeway instead between I 80 in Parsippany Troy Hills to I 95 in Kearny. The latter would become the Interstate and be designated I 280. This road was built in the 1960s and completed west from Newark in 1973	1973	NUM	.	PUNCT	.
Charles Edwards comments: The implication of all this is that the Mercian submission to Alfred – a crucial step in the creation of a single English kingdom – occurred not just because of one battle, Alfred's victory over the Great Army at Edington in 878, but	but	CCONJ	also	ADV	 also
Ford, with 120 points, was fifteen points ahead of Dodge in the battle for third place. Mark Martin was the race's defending champion. A number of drivers competing in the 2010 Chase for the Sprint Cup entered the race optimistic about their chances of winning	winning	VERB	the	DET	 the
A month later, the band released what would be their fifth and final studio album Save Yourself. A posthumous live album, Untouchable Sound, was released in 2006 by Drag City and Sea Note. The album included the addition of Alex Minoff on guitar. The	The	DET	same	ADJ	 same
" Barry Nicholson of the NME wrote: " It's hardly love at first listen … Yet across repeat plays, the album's charms begin to unfurl. " Rolling Stone ranked the album number 30 in its list of the best albums of 2014. The A.V.	A.V.	PROPN	Club	PROPN	 Club
They begin a relationship and return home. Max begins to take the first steps of his transition. Max's hormone blockers result in his temper flaring; he starts being slightly abusive to Jenny. Jenny later decides to end their relationship. She then writes a story	story	NOUN	about	ADP	 about
When the network announced the start of season two, the episode was not finished. On his personal website, executive producer Fred Seibert noted that he would " prefer [that the series] stock up on a few episodes before jumping into season two, but it	it	PRON	ain	VERB	 ain
He competed in two Olympic Games, winning a team silver at the 1996 Summer Olympics and an individual gold and team bronze at the 2000 Summer Olympics. At the 1999 Pan American Games, O'Connor took an individual silver and team gold and at the 2002 World Equestrian	Equestrian	PROPN	Games	PROPN	 Games
All full time faculty have doctoral degrees. Shimer instructors teach across disciplines; the " ideal is that any faculty member can teach any one of the core courses ". Shimer applicants are evaluated according to their academic potential, and no minimum grade point average or test	test	NOUN	score	NOUN	 score
Meanwhile, the Sejm agreed to raise money for the war. The situation of the Commonwealth forces, short of money and food, was difficult. Lithuanian forces were dealt a serious defeat near Koknese, Inflanty Voivodeship, in December 1626 and they subsequently retreated behind the	the	DET	Dvina	PROPN	 Dvina
Lobates have eight comb rows, originating at the aboral pole and usually not extending beyond the body to the lobes; in species with (four) auricles, the cilia edging the auricles are extensions of cilia in four of the comb rows. Most lobates are quite	quite	ADV	passive	ADJ	 passive
Apparently she was infatuated with him strongly enough to appear at his door with a pair of suitcases, asking him to give her shelter, since " no gentleman would leave a woman alone on the street at night. " Jiménez then became Betances ' common law wife	wife	NOUN	for	ADP	 for
Manning became the oldest starting quarterback to both play in and win a Super Bowl. Manning also became the first quarterback to start two Super Bowls with multiple franchises, with different head coaches each time (Dungy, Caldwell, Fox and Kubiak) and the first quarterback	quarterback	NOUN	to	PART	 to
I took them because I, as governor of the State, could not afford to create a row at a public meeting and have our people murder each other like dogs. " By early July, Butler had realized the futility of his race, and took to	to	ADP	ignoring	VERB	 ignoring
The games were first released in Japan in late 2002 and internationally in 2003. Pokémon Emerald, a special edition version, was released two years later in each region. These three games (Pokémon Ruby, Sapphire, and Emerald) are part of the third generation	generation	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
Sayes Court was demolished in 1728 9 and a workhouse built on its site. Part of the estates around Sayes Court were purchased in 1742 for the building of the Admiralty Victualling Yard, renamed the Royal Victoria Yard in 1858 after a visit by Queen Victoria. This	This	DET	massive	ADJ	 massive
Ernst Haeckel was particularly ardent, aiming to synthesise Darwin's ideas with those of Lamarck and Goethe while still reflecting the spirit of Naturphilosophie. Their ambitious programme to reconstruct the evolutionary history of life was joined by Huxley and supported by discoveries in palaeontology. Haeckel used embryology	embryology	NOUN	extensively	ADV	 extensively
With warm waters, Tropical Storm Linda gradually re intensified as it slowed down, due to a weakness in the subtropical ridge. On November 6, it again attained typhoon status while located off the southwest coast of Burma (Myanmar). Initially, it was expected	expected	VERB	to	PART	 to
Property must be protected by the state but, in order to secure universal independence, all citizens (including women) must own property. Saint Just, Fragments sur les institutions républicaines (French) Saint Just, Théorie politique, edited by Alain Liénard, Seuil,	,	PUNCT	Paris	PROPN	 Paris
In King Toot's music store, when Homer buys Lisa her first saxophone, there is a guitar in the background that is similar to Eddie Van Halen's " Frankenstrat " guitar. The photo beside Kent Brockman on the news has him modeled after the Coppertone Girl	Girl	PROPN	.	PUNCT	.
After desperate attempts to fix the leak and pump the ship dry, Shackleton gave the order to abandon ship three days later. Salvaging what essential supplies they could, the expedition set out on 30 October for Robertson Island, 200 miles (320 km) to the	the	DET	northeast	NOUN	 northeast
In a 2009 interview, Cross praised the planning for the invasion and the removal of Saddam Hussein, but said that he " was very keen that we thought through carefully the postwar aspects of what we were going to do once the military campaign was over. And	And	CCONJ	I	PRON	 I
In 190 AD, the powerful nobleman Yuan Shao rallies an army of warriors from across the land, including Cao Cao, Sun Jian, Liu Bei, Gongsun Zan, and many fresh warriors. These forces defeat Li Jue and Hua Xiong at Si Shui Gate and	and	CCONJ	,	PUNCT	,
The depression brought widespread rain to northern South India as it passed over the country and its remnants brought scattered rain to Gujarat over the following week. Over a period of four hours, heavy rain fell on Hyderabad and Secunderabad, destroying many houses in the two cities	cities	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
" Povenmire was nominated for an Annie Award for Directing in an Animated Television Production for the episode " PTV " (November 6, 2005) but lost out to a fellow Family Guy director Peter Shin, who had directed the episode " North By North Quahog "	"	PUNCT	.	PUNCT	.
Hence, the determinant of the matrix M must be zero, providing a new equation in which the variable x has been eliminated. Techniques such as Hilbert's original non constructive solution to the finite basis problem could not be used to get quantitative information about the invariants	invariants	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
Enthusiastic about its contents, particularly articles by Portland native John Reed, Bryant began raising subscriptions for it. Emma Goldman, a well known anarchist whom Wood had defended in court, gave a speech in Reed's honor at the Industrial Workers of the World (IWW	IWW	PROPN	)	PUNCT	)
The latest release in the series, Mother 3, has two soundtrack albums: Mother 3 +, released in 2006, and the online only release Mother 3i in 2007. The games ' soundtracks have received primarily positive reviews, and the music itself has gone on	on	ADP	to	ADP	 to
His best friend missed out, so he arranged for Flight Lieutenant Keith Johnson an Australian cricket official, to pull some strings, ensuring his friend's promotion. The pair were posted to 12 Advanced Flying Unit in Grantham, Lincolnshire in on 15 August 1944, which	which	PRON	was	AUX	 was
, but this decree was provisional, since the draft Constitution (which was passed a day later) explicitly referred this matter to legislation, enacted by parliament. According to Article 70 of the Constitution, state symbols (which are an anthem, flag and coat of	of	ADP	arms	NOUN	 arms
Elsewhere, Fran brought flooding to several states, including Virginia, West Virginia, Maryland, Ohio, and Pennsylvania, as well as Washington, D.C. Outside North Carolina, effects were worst in Virginia, where flooding and winds left 400,000 people without electricity and caused about	about	ADV	$	SYM	 $
The other variety of CS Army uniform jackets and coats is the Zouave. This jacket was meant to be loose fitting and reflect the French African Zouave units. There were several units to consist of this uniform, including the " Richmond Zouaves ", in the 44th	44th	ADJ	Virginia	PROPN	 Virginia
He said that the biggest challenge with that was to make the gameplay and story work together; the goal was to make the player feel like they have driven the story forward themselves, with their own choices, even though the game is linear. He only spent	spent	VERB	little	ADJ	 little
Research on these specimens by Mikhail A. Fedonkin, initially with Benjamin M. Waggoner in 1997, led to Kimberella being recognised as the oldest well documented triploblastic bilaterian organism — not a jellyfish at all. So far Kimberella fossils show no sign of a radula, the toothed	toothed	VERB	chitinous	ADJ	 chitinous
" Although Ol ' Dirty Bastard is given co production credit on " Da Mystery of Chessboxin ' " and Method Man is co credited for " Wu Tang Clan Ain't Nuthing ta F ' Wit, " critics and admirers universally credit RZA with developing a " dusty	dusty	ADJ	yet	CCONJ	 yet
Ocupațiunea rusească și Regulamentul Organic (" The Romanian Principalities from 1828 to 1834. The Russian Occupation and Regulamentul Organic "). The study even earned him accolades from Iorga, who called it " an extraordinarily rich work of pragmatic history ". The work mainly documents	documents	VERB	the	DET	 the
With his parent's blessing he left for seminary in the summer of 1928, going to Jerusalem to study with the White Fathers at the Melkite seminary of Saint Anne. He was ordained a priest at Saint Anne Melkite Basilica in Jerusalem on July 20, 1936,	,	PUNCT	following	VERB	 following
" " Kaddish " originally aired on the Fox network on February 16, 1997, and was first broadcast in the United Kingdom on BBC One on December 17, 1997. This episode earned a Nielsen rating of 10.3, with a 15 share, meaning that roughly	roughly	ADV	10.3	NUM	 10.3
" Revolutionary Generation " celebrates the strength and endurance of black women with lyrics related to black feminism, an unfamiliar topic in hip hop. It also addresses sexism within the black community and misogyny in hip hop culture. The title track discusses racial classification and the root	root	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
Andrew Jackson opposed the presence of a group of armed fugitive slaves (although they were in a sparsely populated area of Spanish Florida); this led to the Battle of Negro Fort in July 1816 and the beginning of the First Seminole War. For their involvement in	in	ADP	the	DET	 the
Other questions are presented in the standard multiple choice format but use recurring concepts, such as questions based on a fortune cookie message, or ones read through Cookie's ventriloquist dummy incorporating a speech impediment that may make the question harder to understand. After ten questions are	are	AUX	completed	VERB	 completed
In the summer of 1957, Galland moved to Bonn and rented an office on Koblenzerstrasse, beginning his own aircraft consultancy there. Galland worked hard but continued flying, taking part in national air shows. In 1956, he was appointed honorary chairman of the Gemeinschaft der	der	NOUN	Jagdflieger	PROPN	 Jagdflieger
They dealt in furs and possessed guns. Tensions rose between the Ojibwa and Dakota in the ensuing years. In 1671, France signed a treaty with a number of tribes to allow trade. Shortly thereafter, French trader Daniel Greysolon, Sieur du Lhut arrived in the	the	DET	area	NOUN	 area
In June 2013, Colombian President Juan Manuel Santos stated his hope that Colombia's cooperation with NATO could result in NATO membership, though his Foreign Minister, Juan Carlos Pinzon, quickly clarified that Colombia is not actively seeking NATO membership. Ivo Daalder and James Goldgeier proposed	proposed	VERB	a	DET	 a
Metro fares vary based on the distance traveled and the time of day at entry. During peak hours (weekdays from opening until 9: 30 a.m. and 3 – 7 p.m., and Friday and Saturday nights from midnight to closing), fares (effective 2014)	)	PUNCT	range	NOUN	 range
The IOC refused to see the case, stating, " This is a matter for the ISU to decide on. At this time, the IOC has received no proposal and taken no action ". The CAS sided with the officials of the race as " there	there	PRON	is	VERB	 is
According to internal White House and Commission documents posted in February 2016 by the National Security Archive at The George Washington University, the Gerald Ford White House significantly altered the final report of the supposedly independent 1975 Rockefeller Commission investigating CIA domestic activities, over the objections of senior	senior	ADJ	Commission	PROPN	 Commission
There is also one service in the morning departing St Pancras International for Maidstone West. In the evening there is one service departing from Maidstone West for St Pancras International. Passengers can still travel twice an hour from Maidstone West to St Pancras International in sixty five minutes	minutes	NOUN	by	ADP	 by
Gardiner and T & Y Board (and later Metro Planning Board) chairman James Maher personally walked the route through the valley, determining the works that would be needed to put the highway through. " We'll move the railway over a piece. We'll tear	tear	VERB	down	ADP	 down
The scenes featuring Mulder and Scully being decontaminated were based on a similar scene in the 1962 James Bond film Dr. No, according to Spotnitz. He felt that the scene successfully played upon the sexual tension between the two lead characters. " One Son " would be	be	AUX	the	DET	 the
Vegetable chips may be fried, deep fried, dehydrated, dried or baked. Many various root vegetables or leaf vegetables are used. Cassava chips are a common food product in several areas of the world. Vegetable chips may be eaten as a snack food, and	and	CCONJ	may	AUX	 may
No part of a structure from that period survives; the oldest parts of the present building are the south wall of the nave and some parts of the west wall, which are from the 12th century. Some work was carried out in the late 13th or the	the	DET	14th	ADJ	 14th
From the late 18th century, European Canadians (and the Canadian government) encouraged assimilation of Aboriginal culture into what was referred to as " Canadian culture ". These attempts reached a climax in the late 19th and early 20th centuries, with a series of initiatives that	that	PRON	aimed	VERB	 aimed
Alonso had a similar accident to Hamilton's at Massenet two laps later, and emerged in seventh after pitting and taking on extreme wets. Massa's lead – 12 seconds over the second placed Räikkönen by lap six – was reduced to nothing when the safety car was	was	AUX	deployed	VERB	 deployed
Easterly wind shear caused disruption of the storms ' outflow; however, the center, previously surrounded by two deep areas of convection, was situated underneath one area of thunderstorm activity. By the late morning hours of September 17, an eyewall developed within the circulation,	,	PUNCT	indicating	VERB	 indicating
Among the birds, ptarmigan, dotterel and snow bunting in particular may be affected as they depend on high altitude habitats, and populations are likely to decline if warmer weather brings competitors into their restricted ranges. Mammals and other vertebrates may fare better, although localised invertebrate	invertebrate	NOUN	populations	NOUN	 populations
He was by now treated with the greatest respect in musical circles, but his many activities diminished the time available for composition. The flow of new anthems and service music slowed down, but in 1883 he completed his oratorio Mary Magdalen. This was followed in 1887	1887	NUM	by	ADP	 by
Five days later, the Minister for Defense Production informed the House of Commons that Avro was indeed working on a " mock up model " of a flying saucer, capable of flying at 1,500 miles per hour (2,400 km / h) and climbing vertically. Nevertheless	Nevertheless	ADV	,	PUNCT	,
The large.455 Webley revolvers were retired in 1947, although the Webley Mk IV.38 / 200 remained in service until 1963 alongside the Enfield No. 2 Mk I revolver. Commercial versions of all Webley service revolvers were also sold on the civilian market, along with a number	number	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
After several days of maneuver and stalemate, Pausanias ordered a night time retreat towards the Allies ' original positions. This maneuver went awry, leaving the Athenians, and Spartans and Tegeans isolated on separate hills, with the other contingents scattered further away near Plataea. Seeing	Seeing	VERB	that	SCONJ	 that
Igarashi, present in the interview, asserted that making music for handheld game consoles, regardless of the type, is largely the same, although he accepted that the DS's sound capabilities were much better than those of the Game Boy Advance's. Dawn of Sorrow	Sorrow	PROPN	has	AUX	 has
Here president Rhee came aboard on 16 September to present the Korean Presidential Unit Citation to the 7th Fleet. Relieved as flagship at Yokosuka by Wisconsin 14 October, New Jersey was homeward bound the next day, reaching Norfolk on 14 November. During the next two summers	summers	NOUN	she	PRON	 she
Melvyn Bragg commented, in his introduction to the programme, that the poet had given his full cooperation. The programme, broadcast on 30 May, featured contributions from Kingsley Amis, Andrew Motion and Alan Bennett. Bennett was also filmed reading several Larkin poems a few	few	ADJ	years	NOUN	 years
Originally, the film, under the working title " Snakes on a Plane ", was going to be directed by Hong Kong action director Ronny Yu. Jackson, who had previously worked with Yu on The 51st State, learned about the announced project in the Hollywood	Hollywood	PROPN	trade	NOUN	 trade
By 1996, the PlayStation had a considerably larger library than the Saturn, although Sega hoped to generate increased interest in the Saturn with upcoming exclusives such as Nights into Dreams.... Within its first year, the PlayStation secured over 20% of the entire U.S. video game	game	NOUN	market	NOUN	 market
The success of Angelou's previous autobiographies and the publication of four volumes of poetry had brought Angelou a considerable amount of fame by 1986. And Still I Rise, published in 1978, reinforced Angelou's success as a writer. Her first volume of poetry, Just	Just	ADV	Give	VERB	 Give
Most destruction was due to Isidore, which caused about $970 million (2002 USD, $1.28 billion 2016 USD) in damage and killed seven people in the Yucatán Peninsula and later the United States, and Hurricane Lili, which caused $860 million (2002	2002	NUM	USD	NOUN	 USD
Although it was not his decision to have it on the show, Powter said: " I need every opportunity that I can to get the music out there ". " Bad Day " was subsequently used in other shows, including the Brazilian series Malhação in 2005	2005	NUM	,	PUNCT	,
Korps and he was appointed commanding officer of the 2. Grenadier Division in April 1957. He was then posted to the Supreme Headquarters Allied Powers Europe (SHAPE) of Nato in Paris as deputy chief of the fundamental planning office. He succeeded Adolf Heusinger as the	the	DET	second	ADJ	 second
The report of the American John Murray Forbes to John Quincy Adams, sixth President of the United States, in 1824 mentioned that Britain had a huge influence in the economic power of the country. He mentioned that the government in Buenos Aires was so eager to be	be	AUX	on	ADP	 on
However, the store manager appears and allows her into the shop. She dismisses the masks she sees on display as not good enough for scaring anyone. But she sneaks into a back room and discovers a row of hideously deformed masks. She is startled to find	find	VERB	that	SCONJ	 that
William of Ockham responded to the Euthyphro Dilemma by ' biting the bullet '. He argued that, if God did command people to be cruel, then that would be morally obligatory, proposing that the only limitation to what God can make obligatory is the principle of	of	ADP	non	ADJ	 non
Personal responsibility is often highlighted, and a strong anti censorship message may be present. Previously lost scenes cut by studios can be re added and restore a director's original vision, which draws similar fanfare and acclaim from fans. Imports are sometimes censored to remove elements	elements	NOUN	that	PRON	 that
With the count at two balls and one strike, Ruth gestured, possibly in the direction of center field, and after the next pitch (a strike), may have pointed there with one hand. Ruth hit the fifth pitch over the center field fence;	;	PUNCT	estimates	NOUN	 estimates
White recorded the most hit outs in the league in 2002, with 561, playing in all of Melbourne's matches in a run that saw them narrowly lose to Adelaide by two goals in a semi final. The 2003 season was disappointing for both Melbourne, and	and	CCONJ	White	PROPN	 White
HMS St. Vincent, commissioned in 1910, was the first of her class and therefore the class of battleship was named after her. The St. Vincent – class battleships included HMS Collingwood and HMS Vanguard. Jervis, a J class destroyer, launched just prior to the	the	DET	Second	PROPN	 Second
Scully begins to question Berquist's motives, noting that she was the reason Mulder decided to look into this investigation. Mulder, however, begins to suspect Detweiler after learning that he had been at the vet's office; Mulder believes that he is the dhole and	and	CCONJ	is	AUX	 is
At the time, there were no public art galleries in England with permanent collections. In 1816, in the face of his continued lack of success, Etty decided to spend a year in Italy to study the artworks held in the great Italian collections. He had	had	AUX	made	VERB	 made
He studied under George Russell, whose (1959) Lydian Chromatic Concept of Tonal Organization Patt edited. Patt also studied with Gunther Schuller, who himself was a student of Arnold Schoenberg and who used Schoenberg's twelve tone technique for atonal composition. Patt wanted to be	be	AUX	able	ADJ	 able
" Requiem " was a story milestone for the series, featuring the alien abduction of Mulder. Mulder would appear sporadically in the next few seasons, only returning for about half of the episodes in season eight and only two episodes in season nine. Prior to being	being	AUX	picked	VERB	 picked
As Japan lacked the industrial capacity to build such warships herself, the ship was built in Britain. She often served as a flagship and participated in most of the naval battles of the Russo Japanese War of 1904 – 05. The ship was lightly damaged during the	the	DET	Battle	PROPN	 Battle
Each city and town in the game world each has an economy which the player can stimulate by completing jobs such as farming. Players have the option to develop their character. At the beginning of the game, players create their character by selecting one of several races	races	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
She and her sister had become passionate about the issue of human trafficking as a result of their involvement with the organization Run for Courage, and the two sisters considered writing a play about human trafficking in the United States. Because they were both college students, they	they	PRON	did	AUX	 did
Most of the unit's time during the Phoney War was consumed engaging in intensive training over the Wash which included co operation with searchlights and mine laying operations. It did not last for long. On 15 May 1940, 604 relocated to RAF Manston. From the	the	DET	airfield	NOUN	 airfield
It had a bore of 48 inches (1,219 mm) and a stroke of 36 inches (914 mm). During her trip to Hampton Roads after commissioning, the ship reached a speed of 7 – 8 knots (13 – 15 km / h; 8.1	8.1	NUM	–	PUNCT	 –
In some places, sticks are used instead of swords. Iberian stick dances (paulitos, paloteos, ball de bastons) display two opposite rows of dancers. A common sword dance in Europe is the moresca in Spain, in which the dance recalls the strife between	between	ADP	Christians	PROPN	 Christians
Carlito and Primo invoked their rematch clause the next night on Raw, but were unsuccessful. On the July 6 episode of Raw, following their loss to Edge and Jericho, Carlito turned heel by attacking Primo. At Night of Champions, Carlito challenged for the United	United	PROPN	States	PROPN	 States
" His first post upon returning to his home country was an advisory position with the Canadian Radio and Television Commission (CRTC) in Ottawa, where he battled Canada's private broadcasters, especially CTV, over new Canadian content regulations. This lasted for only a few	few	ADJ	months	NOUN	 months
By noon, she was 140 miles off the southwest coast of England. This section of the English coast was hazardous, due to shallow waters, sharp rocks, and often dense fog, so it was normally avoided by ships. By the afternoon Suevic had entered	entered	VERB	a	DET	 a
He spent the 1963 season as a relief pitcher, sometimes in excruciating pain. Umbricht's health deteriorated soon afterwards and he died within six months, from complications from melanoma in a Houston area hospital at age 33. His ashes were spread over the construction site of	of	ADP	the	DET	 the
The bar has been restored to its original appearance, with rich wood panelling and leather upholstery and has 25 original photographs on the walls taken by the author of places and people that inspired him. Bar Vendôme is very popular with high class Parisians for afternoon tea and	and	CCONJ	contains	VERB	 contains
In this post Gulf War period, the Royal Navy's first female chaplain also served on board. Cardiff was originally to be replaced in 2009 by Daring, the first of the Royal Navy's next generation Type 45 destroyers. However, it was announced in July	July	PROPN	2004	NUM	 2004
On May 11, selected members of Congress (the congressional leadership and those who serve on the House and Senate intelligence, homeland security, judiciary, foreign relations, and armed forces committees) were shown 15 bin Laden photos. In an interview with Eliot Spitzer,	,	PUNCT	Senator	PROPN	 Senator
Six months after Woodford's appointment as COO and President, on 1 October, Olympus elevated him to its chief executive officer, stating that since his appointment as president / COO, " the Board have been extremely pleased with the progress made under Mr. Woodford's leadership	leadership	NOUN	in	ADP	 in
Although Smith lost the presidential race, Franklin won handily and the Roosevelts moved into the governor's mansion in Albany, New York. During Franklin's term as governor, Eleanor traveled widely in the state to make speeches and inspect state facilities on his behalf, reporting	reporting	VERB	her	PRON	 her
In wasps, as in other Hymenoptera, sex is determined by a haplodiploid system, which means that females are unusually closely related to their sisters, enabling kin selection to favour the evolution of eusocial behaviour. Females are diploid, meaning that they have 2n chromosomes and	and	CCONJ	develop	VERB	 develop
The passenger service was withdrawn north of Tow Law on 1 May 1939. Britain's railways were nationalised on 1 January 1948 and the lines were placed under the control of British Railways. In the early 1950s control was split between the North Eastern and London Midland regions	regions	NOUN	with	ADP	 with
The skins or heads of taiko are generally made from cowhide from Holstein cows aged about three or four years. Skins also come from horses, and bull skin is preferred for larger drums. Thinner skins are preferred for smaller taiko, and thicker skins are used for	for	ADP	larger	ADJ	 larger
In 1937, the road became Secondary State Highway 2H (SSH 2H) and ran from Primary State Highway 2 in Spokane to Wellesley Avenue at the Idaho state border. SSH 2H was scheduled to be designated SR 290 in 1970 after a highway renumbering in 1964.	.	PUNCT	The	DET	 The
By the later Bronze Age, an open, cleared, landscape predominated on the Wolds. It was used for grazing and also for arable cultivation. The wetlands on either side of the Wolds in the River Hull valley, Holderness and the Vale of York were also	also	ADV	being	AUX	 being
In addition, the 46 multimember districts were replaced with 39 single member districts — 13 in Adelaide and 26 in the country. Over the next three decades, Adelaide's population grew until it had triple the population of the country, but the distribution of seats in	in	ADP	the	DET	 the
Unable to do so, Kenneth takes a cardboard cut out of Tracy and pretends to be him as she is giving birth until Tracy comes in and pushes Kenneth out of the way. Later, Jack tells Kenneth that he is truly needed back at TGS and offers	offers	VERB	to	PART	 to
Most effectually he has put his critics to shame... [he is] in such a position that if an England eleven had to meet Australia next week he would be picked at once with acclamation. " Prior to this, only R. E. Foster had scored centuries	centuries	NOUN	in	SCONJ	 in
Oxbow was third out of the gate. He took the lead down the backstretch and stayed in front until the end of the race where he was narrowly defeated by Will Take Charge. Oxbow lost by half a head, but earned his first triple digit speed figure	figure	NOUN	at	ADP	 at
On 9 March the NCRC released Lu ' ay al Atassi from jail, promoted him to the rank of lieutenant general, appointed him commander in chief and NCRC chairman, the de facto head of state. Hariri was appointed chief of staff. While Atassi and Hariri	Hariri	PROPN	held	VERB	 held
Another possible explanation for the magnetosphere's alignment is that there are oceans of liquid diamond in Uranus's interior that would deter the magnetic field. Despite its curious alignment, in other respects the Uranian magnetosphere is like those of other planets: it has a bow shock	shock	NOUN	at	ADP	 at
The newspapers searched for evidence of past impostures and referenced older publications such as Reginald Scot's Discoverie of Witchcraft (1584). The ghost was referenced in an anonymous work entitled Anti Canidia: or, Superstition Detected and Exposed (1762), which sought to ridicule	ridicule	VERB	the	DET	 the
The corporation is responsible and involved in clearing encroachment of the tanks. Siruthuli, an environmental organisation founded by the city's industrial houses, undertakes de silting of tanks and cleaning of the Noyyal river. Environment Conservation Group based out of the city is also involved in	in	ADP	conservation	NOUN	 conservation
Billboard has also published books in collaboration with Watson Guptill and a radio and television series called American Top Forty, based on Billboard charts. A daily Billboard Bulletin was introduced in February 1997 and Billboard hosts about 20 industry events each year. Billboard is considered one of	of	ADP	the	DET	 the
In March 2010 the club announced a return to the black and blue stripes for the 2010 – 11 season. In recognition of the centenary of the renaming of the club, the 2012 – 13 kit was red with blue sleeves and collar, and the club's	's	PART	crest	NOUN	 crest
This investment spurred Kang to have the Association establish a bank in Torreón, which began selling stock and real estate to Chinese businessmen. The bank also built the city's first tram line. Kang visited Torreón again in 1907. It has been suggested that the city	city	NOUN	served	VERB	 served
Ethylmercury, such as in thiomersal, clears much faster from the body after administration than methylmercury, suggesting total mercury exposure over time is much less with ethylmercury. Currently used methods of estimating brain deposition of mercury likely overestimates the amounts deposited due to ethylmercury, and ethylmercury	ethylmercury	NOUN	also	ADV	 also
The principal photography for the fourth season was relocated to Los Angeles, California. The theme music of Prison Break and the incidental music of each episode was composed by Ramin Djawadi. The score for the first two seasons is featured in the Prison Break: Original Television	Television	PROPN	Soundtrack	PROPN	 Soundtrack
If the fish was fully frozen, she would use an axe, chainsaw, or blowtorch to break the fish down into smaller chunks, or might even have to lug the large garbage cans into her motorhome to thaw. " I don't know if anyone else	else	ADV	would	AUX	 would
Okay. ' " Minnette received the role two weeks after his audition. Other cast members included Wilmer Valderrama and Steve Harris as Michael's partner in each reality, while Cherry Jones and BD Wong's characters were cast as Michael's therapists in separate realities. Wong	Wong	PROPN	chose	VERB	 chose
Wong was disappointed with director Harry Longstreet, claiming he did not have respect for the script. Longstreet had failed to film one of the script's scenes, and had not obtained additional camera coverage for the scenes which had been filmed. As a result, Wong	Wong	PROPN	and	CCONJ	 and
Spain ordered 19 tanks in 1970, and later agreed to manufacture another 180 tanks in Spain. In 1979, Spain began the production of a second batch of 100 tanks, completing a total of 299 AMX 30s issued to the Spanish Army; these were designated AMX	AMX	PROPN	30Es	NUM	 30Es
Victorious Boxers: Ippo's Road to Glory was produced by Entertainment Software Publishing and was adapted from the Fighting Spirit manga series, at a time when the publishing company was focusing on its licensed comic properties rather than original titles. Development for the game was handled by	by	ADP	New	PROPN	 New
They were the only battleships built at that time to adhere to the treaty and even though it soon became apparent to the British that the other signatories to the treaty were ignoring its requirements, it was too late to change the design of the class before they were	were	AUX	laid	VERB	 laid
Schools of pilot fish (Naucrates ductor) sometimes accompany the great hammerhead. The great hammerhead is parasitized by several species of copepods, including Alebion carchariae, A. elegans, Nesippus orientalis, N. crypturus, Eudactylina pollex, Kroyeria gemursa, and Nemesis atlantica. An active	active	ADJ	predator	NOUN	 predator
As the population of Sheffield increased, Sheffield Corporation bought 23 acres (9.3 ha) of land at Blackburn Meadows, on which to build a sewage treatment works. In August 1884, William Bissett and Son won the contract for its construction, which was overseen by	by	ADP	Thomas	PROPN	 Thomas
" When Phillip was returned to prison for failing a drug test, Nancy replaced her husband as Dugard's jailer. The Garridos manipulated Dugard further by presenting her, on two occasions, with kittens that would later " mysteriously vanish. " When they discovered that she	she	PRON	was	AUX	 was
It also features a range of multiplayer options, including a co operative mode and traditional deathmatch settings. Technically, it is one of the most advanced games developed for the Nintendo 64, with an optional high resolution graphics mode, widescreen support, and Dolby Surround Sound	Sound	PROPN	.	PUNCT	.
It may supplement its diet with seeds, berries, and fruit in the winter. Males and females prefer different foraging sites. While males usually hover among the higher shrub foliage between 3 and 9 m (9.8 and 29.5 ft), females tend to forage at	at	ADP	lower	ADJ	 lower
The allegations of corruption earned him the nickname of " Don Readies ". Though Mr Justice Cantley lifted the FA's ten year ban on Revie, during his conclusion of the case the judge said that Revie " lacked candour ", was " greedy " and "	"	PUNCT	prickly	ADV	 prickly
Kevin Nash was released from the hospital following Bound for Glory. Medical personnel stated he had what appeared to be a minor heart attack or was on the verge of having one when he called 9 1 1. The original plan was to have Nash and Raven start	start	VERB	a	DET	 a
Brown was drafted 27th overall by the Indianapolis Colts, becoming the first UConn player ever drafted in the first round. Three other UConn players were drafted in the second round: Darius Butler 41st overall by the New England Patriots, William Beatty 60th overall by the New	New	PROPN	York	PROPN	 York
It was only when faced with the danger of annihilation by the Franks in 584 that the Lombard dukes elected a new king in the person of Authari, son of Cleph, who began the definitive consolidation and centralization of the Lombard kingdom. Among the surviving Early Middle	Middle	PROPN	Ages	PROPN	 Ages
The eighth season was Novak's last as a series regular, although he made a few recurring appearances in the ninth season. It was also Kaling's final full season, due to her pilot, The Mindy Project, being picked up by Fox; Kaling portrayed	portrayed	VERB	customer	NOUN	 customer
With the widening shelved, businesses from Feeasterville and Southampton along with State Senator Marvin Keller led a push to get the portion of Street Road through the two communities paved, which was in disrepair and saw a lot of accidents. In May 1965, construction began to	to	PART	widen	VERB	 widen
In 1645, Sir John Owen was appointed governor of the castle instead, however, leading to a bitter dispute between the two men. The Archbishop defected to Parliament, the town of Conwy fell in August 1646 and in November General Thomas Mytton finally took the castle	castle	NOUN	itself	PRON	 itself
Despite the importance of his title, Thơ rarely appeared with Diệm in public and was a figurehead with little influence. The real power lay with Diệm's younger brothers, Nhu and Cẩn, who commanded private armies and secret police, as well as giving orders directly	directly	ADV	to	PART	 to
It is a graph representing production tradeoffs of an economy given fixed resources. It is a graphical representation of the maximal mix of outputs that an economy can achieve by fully using its existing resources and in the most efficient way. In its microeconomic applications, the graph	graph	NOUN	shows	VERB	 shows
Also attempted were two takes of " Medicine Sunday ", a song that later evolved into " Temporary Like Achilles ". On November 30, the Hawks joined Dylan again at Studio A, but drummer Bobby Gregg replaced Levon Helm, who had tired of playing in	in	ADP	a	DET	 a
Communities are individuals that affiliated regularly with each other, but rarely with conspecifics outside of the community. Although the entire multi male / multi female community lives within a discrete home range, all individuals are never seen in the same location at the same time. Instead	Instead	ADV	,	PUNCT	,
It extends for 20.85 miles (33.55 km) from an intersection with NY 39 in the Collins hamlet of Collins Center to an interchange with NY 5 in the town of Hamburg. The route passes through the village of Hamburg, which serves as the northern terminus of	of	ADP	a	DET	 a
Preliminary repairs were completed by 20 June, which permitted the ship to return to Germany. While Scharnhorst was en route under heavy escort on 21 June, the British launched two air attacks, six Swordfish torpedo bombers in the first and nine Beaufort bombers in the second	second	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
In the top right corner, Murasaki's friend, the maid Saishō no Kimi, is visible. The large garden occupying the left half of the painting and the diagonally positioned building are considered to be a bold scene arrangement. According to Penelope Mason, this is	is	AUX	"	PUNCT	 "
She was mentioned in the Divine Comedy by Dante, was an inspiration for Mirra by Vittorio Alfieri, and was alluded to in Mathilda by Mary Shelley. In the play Sardanapalus by Byron, a character named Myrrha appeared, whom critics interpreted as a symbol of Byron	Byron	PROPN	's	PART	's
Its eye measured 45 mi (75 km) in diameter, and a portion moved over Hatteras and the Pamlico Sound, constituting a direct hit but not a landfall. After affecting the Outer Banks, Emily continued around the large high pressure area, turning northeastward into	into	ADP	an	DET	 an
The AIF's requirements for manpower and equipment constrained the Militia during the early years of the war. At the outbreak of the Pacific War the main Army units in Australia were five Militia infantry divisions — the 1st, 2nd, 3rd, 4th and 5th Divisions —	—	PUNCT	two	NUM	 two
With even a few hundred missies, the Soviets could afford to target every US bomber base. With no warning system in place, a sneak attack could destroy a significant amount of the US bomber fleet on the ground. The US would still have the airborne alert	alert	ADJ	force	NOUN	 force
The road was laid out to a width of 160 feet (50 m) from Light Street to Locust Point in the early 1910s, providing better access to the new city owned piers in preparation for increased trade via the Panama Canal and existing steamship lines to Europe	Europe	PROPN	.	PUNCT	.
He signed with the San Francisco Giants at the end of June. They initially assigned him to the Class AAA Fresno Grizzlies of the Pacific Coast League, before promoting him on July 30. He batted.277 with three home runs and 10 RBIs in 36 games during the	the	DET	second	ADJ	 second
Initially, the Regia Aeronautica also participated in this campaign, but after a tragic incident where an Italian bomber mistakenly attacked German positions near Vlasenica, the German command assigned the ZNDH the responsibility for providing the entire aerial support mission for formations on the ground. At this	this	DET	time	NOUN	 time
He began his senior career in 1909 – 10, appearing in one game with the Winnipeg Monarchs of the Manitoba Hockey League (MHL). In 1910 – 11, he scored six goals for the Monarchs in five games and was named to the league's second	second	ADJ	All	DET	 All
Chastain's final two roles of the year were in Wilde Salomé, a documentary based on her play Salome, and the critically panned crime thriller Texas Killing Fields. The latter, co starring Sam Worthington and Jeffrey Dean Morgan, was a partly fictionalized version of the	the	DET	events	NOUN	 events
This episode achieved a 3.0 / 8 in the key 18 – 49 demographic, a series high in that category. The 3.0 refers to 3.0% of all 18- to 49 year olds in the U.S. and the 8 refers to 8% of all 18- to 49	49	NUM	year	NOUN	 year
Despite this measure, factors such as a growing population, the division of plots among descendants, peasant debts and enduring reliance on revenues from working on estates, together with the widespread speculation of estate leaseholders and instances where political corruption was detrimental to the allocation of land	land	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
It was released by New Line Cinema on August 18, 2006, in North America. The film was written by David Dalessandro, John Heffernan, and Sheldon Turner and follows the events of hundreds of snakes being released on a passenger plane in an attempt to kill	kill	VERB	a	DET	 a
" Inside Mac Games ' Ken Newquist stated the game is " a real find " for players who have been disappointed by lack of gameplay in expensive mainstream titles. The game's graphics and sound effects received a largely negative response, Matt Peckham of GameSpy described them	them	PRON	as	ADP	 as
Strong was appointed Head of the German Section at MI14 in August 1939. He liaised with French intelligence until the Fall of France in June 1940. Thereafter, his section was concerned with the prospect of a German invasion of Britain. In April 1941, he assumed	assumed	VERB	command	NOUN	 command
In the absence of evidence that would invalidate the organ harvesting allegations — such as a Chinese government registry showing the identity of every organ donor and donation — Kilgour and Matas concluded that the allegations of China's harvesting organs from live Falun Gong practitioners were true and the	the	DET	practice	NOUN	 practice
After the first performance, Sibelius made some changes, leading to a revised version which was given its first performance by Armas Järnefelt on 10 November 1903 in Stockholm. The Third Symphony is a good natured, triumphal, and deceptively simple sounding piece. The symphony's	's	PART	first	ADJ	 first
For genotype 1 hepatitis C treated with Pegylated interferon alpha 2a or Pegylated interferon alpha 2b combined with ribavirin, a GWA study has shown that SNPs near the human IL28B gene, encoding interferon lambda 3, are associated with significant differences in response to the treatment. A	A	DET	later	ADJ	 later
James Endrst of the Hartford Courant identified her as " a spoiled rich kid ", while the Daily News dubbed Rachel an " endearingly spoiled Daddy's girl. " Author Kim Etingoff wrote about Rachel in her book Jennifer Aniston: From Friends to Films that the character	character	NOUN	is	AUX	 is
However, many of the pasture fields on the outskirts of the town have evidence of ridge and furrow farming practices, although these are under threat by current building proposals. To the north of the town runs the Forty Foot Drain, a large river also called Vermuyden	Vermuyden	PROPN	's	PART	's
Until the completion of the Flavian Palace on the Palatine Hill, the imperial court was situated at Alba or Circeii, and sometimes even farther afield. Domitian toured the European provinces extensively, and spent at least three years of his reign in Germania and Illyricum, conducting	conducting	VERB	military	ADJ	 military
They seldom leave their swamp habitat during the daytime. Though sitatunga commonly form pairs or remain solitary, larger groups have also been observed. A study in Kenya recorded a herd of as many as nine individuals, comprising an adult male, four females and four juveniles	juveniles	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
Dannatt went on to chair a conference of welfare providers to military personnel in order to show that the Army understood the issues affecting its soldiers and to organise a series of smaller conferences, hosted by himself and Sir Freddie Viggers — then Adjutant General to the Forces —	—	PUNCT	to	PART	 to
The episode was viewed by 29.1 million viewers, making it the highest rated episode in the series ' run. The season hit a low with the fifteenth and sixteenth episodes, " Kaddish " and " Unrequited ", respectively, which were both viewed by 16.56 million	million	NUM	viewers	NOUN	 viewers
Both animal and human sacrifices have been found in Liao tombs, alongside indications of Buddhist practice. Indications of Daoist, zodiac, and Zoroastrian influences have also been found in Liao burial sites. During the reign of the Liao dynasty the Niujie Mosque was designed by Nazaruddin	Nazaruddin	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
The cover art is by Julie Bell, who is also the artist for the album Bat out Of Hell III. The single entered the UK charts at No. 6 on October 22, 2006, giving Meat Loaf his highest position in the UK charts since "	"	PUNCT	I	PRON	 I
In 1802 he published a legal tract, On Merchants ' Ships and Seamen, which was praised by his fellow lawyers and earned him a large amount of commercial work; it was later republished in the United States, where it was misattributed to Charles Abbot, the	the	DET	Speaker	PROPN	 Speaker
Scheele, Henry Cavendish, and Priestley also studied this element at about the same time; Lavoisier named it in 1775 6. Scheele obtained chlorine from hydrochloric acid, but thought it was an oxide. Only in 1808 did Humphry Davy recognize it as an element.	.	PUNCT	Courtois	NOUN	 Courtois
There has been a dispute in recent years over whether Moe refers to Homer's garage as a " car hole " or " car hold ". Both Mirkin and Hank Azaria, who voices Moe, have confirmed via Twitter that the line is, in fact,	,	PUNCT	"	PUNCT	 "
Joseph McKenna was appointed in 1898, placing two Catholics on the Court until White's death in 1921. This period marked the beginning of an inconsistently observed " tradition " of having a " Catholic seat " on the court. Other Catholic justices included Pierce Butler (	(	PUNCT	appointed	VERB	appointed
Scribal Habits of Codex Sinaiticus. Gorgias Press LLC. Kenyon, Frederic G. (1939). Our Bible and the Ancient Manuscripts (4th ed.). London. pp. 121 – 128. Peter M. Head (2008). " The Gospel of Mark	Mark	PROPN	in	ADP	 in
He increased the price of fuels, sold the state shares of YPF to Repsol, fired state employees, and increased the value added tax to 21%. He also undertook more privatization. A new labor law was met with resistance, both by Peronists, opposition	opposition	NOUN	parties	NOUN	 parties
Her propulsion system consisted of one single expansion steam engine that drove a single screw propeller, with steam supplied by eight coal fired, rectangular boilers. Her engine produced a top speed of 12.1 knots (22.4 km / h; 13.9 mph) from 2,125 indicated horsepower	horsepower	NOUN	(	PUNCT	 (
SkyLoop XT 900 is a concept that has yet to be built. The design of model begins the same way as the XT 150 does as the lift, first inversion, and first drop are all present in both models. Along with the elements from the XT	XT	PROPN	150	NUM	 150
The disastrous Union defeat at Bull Run led Sherman to question his own judgment as an officer and the capacities of his volunteer troops. President Lincoln, however, was impressed by Sherman while visiting the troops on July 23 and promoted him to brigadier general of volunteers (	(	PUNCT	effective	ADJ	effective
When Pete refuses to throw a race, his life is put in jeopardy, and he forces Clark to abuse his powers in order to help Pete win a race. This leads to a falling out between the two friends. The character was written out of the	the	DET	series	NOUN	 series
During his recovery, Laird stated that Campbell Ryce rang him on a weekly basis — " I knew him previously and he's rung me every week to make sure I'm alright. I'm not one to hold grudges anyway and he's been fine. I	I	PRON	accept	VERB	 accept
The first B.2 flew with the second generation Olympus 200 of 16,000 lbf (71 kN) thrust, design of which began in 1952. Subsequent B.2s were engined with either the uprated Olympus 201 of 17,000 lbf (76 kN) thrust or the Olympus 301 of 20,000	20,000	NUM	lbf	NOUN	 lbf
The Commentaries helped to solidify legal thinking. At the same time, legal education had stalled, and Blackstone's work gave the Law " at least a veneer of scholarly respectability ". William Searle Holdsworth, one of Blackstone's successors as Vinerian Professor, argued that	that	SCONJ	"	PUNCT	 "
It plowed through northern Florida and southeastern Georgia while maintaining its intensity and transitioned into an extratropical cyclone off the coast of North Carolina on September 29. The remnants of the storm merged with a cold front the following day while situated south of New York. Storm warnings	warnings	NOUN	were	AUX	 were
The lyrics of " Fighter " have been recognized as " empowering ". David Brownie from Entertainment Weekly called it " spunkier than one would expect from a dance floor strumpet who loves to flaunt her lung power. " Chuck Taylor writing for Billboard complimented " Fighter "	"	PUNCT	for	ADP	 for
He's nasty, he's mean, he's smart and he's hungry for publicity. Everything's going to a certain plan that isn't just mine. Once I make that phone call, this guy is going to destroy everybody in sight in any devious	devious	ADJ	,	PUNCT	,
On November 20, 2012, for the release of The Dark Knight Rises DVD and Blu ray, Warner Bros. launched a countdown on the film's website where fans could share the countdown on websites like Facebook or Twitter to unlock an " exclusive reward ". On	On	ADP	December	PROPN	 December
Thornton Tomasetti was the structural engineer. The building is located on ground leased from the City of Chicago, and cost $52.7 million ($67.8 million in current dollars). Construction began on February 1, 2002, and the theater opened for use on November	November	PROPN	8	NUM	 8
Encountering a MissingNo. Pokémon is the result of three computing events. The first is the game's random battle encounter system; each area assigns values to Pokémon in a data buffer, which the game accesses for the player's encounters with wild Pokémon. However,	,	PUNCT	no	DET	 no
P. canaliculata also preys on a common freshwater gymnolaemate, but with less devastating effect. Indigenous snails do not feed on bryozoans. Several species of the hydroid family Zancleidae have symbiotic relationships with bryozoans, some of which are beneficial to the hydroids while others are parasitic.	.	PUNCT	Modifications	NOUN	 Modifications
Early in 1944, her aircraft provided air support during the Gilbert and Marshall Islands Campaign before she was transferred to the Indian Ocean for several months to support the British Eastern Fleet as it attacked targets in Java and Sumatra. After a brief refit in mid 1944,	,	PUNCT	the	DET	 the
With the construction of the Sørland Line to Kongsberg, which opened on 10 November 1871, proposals were launched to extend the line up Numedal. On 16 August 1873, a meeting was held between representatives from the municipalities in Numedal to discuss how they could convince national	national	ADJ	politicians	NOUN	 politicians
The rhinarium continues down where it divides the upper lip. The upper lip is attached to the premaxilla, preventing the lip from protruding and thus requiring the lemur to lap water rather than using suction. The skin of the ring tailed lemur is dark gray or black	black	ADJ	in	ADP	 in
That designation was deleted when it was renumbered US 11. As a result, PA 39 is one of a few routes which has a set of child routes which are no where near the primary route. The Linglestown – Manada Hill portion of PA 39 was originally	originally	ADV	part	NOUN	 part
After Glitter fell into developmental hell, Carey postponed the project, and began writing material for a new album. Sony Music executives wanted her to prepare a greatest hits collection in time for the holiday season. They wanted to release an album that featured her number one	one	NUM	singles	NOUN	 singles
In 2005, Salzgeber was named as the new dressage training adviser to the Australian national equestrian team. In the role, Salzgeber held training camps, approved team members ' training programs and helped choose team members for international competitions. In late 2006, she resigned,	,	PUNCT	citing	VERB	 citing
" In 2011, Forbes ranked Perry third on their " Top Earning Women In Music " list with earnings of $44 million and fifth on their 2012 list with $45 million. She subsequently ranked seventh on the 2013 Forbes list for " Top Earning Women In	In	ADP	Music	PROPN	 Music
Around 1835 John Bellenden Ker suggested that Jack and Jill were two priests, and this was enlarged by Katherine Elwes in 1930 to indicate that Jack represented Cardinal Wolsey (c.1471 – 1530); and Jill was Bishop Tarbes, who negotiated the marriage of Mary Tudor to	to	ADP	the	DET	 the
Per season average attendance for Rosenborg's league matches lay between five and ten thousand people during the 1970s and early 1980s, with an all time low of 2,549 in 1978, when Rosenborg played in the Second Division. The venue hosted the Norwegian Athletics Championships four times	times	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
In 1903, a monument was erected to honor the battle. In 1945, when French troops arrived in the region, they closed the monument; the local pastor encouraged them to reopen it, calling it a chapel. Alison, Sir Archibald. A History of	of	ADP	Europe	PROPN	 Europe
Its linguistic use is more identifiable, with lexical borrowings from Yiddish, Romani, and costermonger slang, and a distinctive accent that features T glottalization, a loss of dental fricatives and diphthong alterations, amongst others. The accent is said to be a remnant of early	early	ADJ	English	PROPN	 English
Though Spielberg complied with a request from Zanuck and Brown to cast known actors, he wanted to avoid hiring any big stars. He felt that " somewhat anonymous " performers would help the audience " believe this was happening to people like you and me ", whereas	whereas	SCONJ	"	PUNCT	 "
He described all of the tracks as " beautiful ", and felt that the arranged version of " Sound of the Wind " was " charming and enigmatic ". Dave of Square Enix Music Online concurred, calling the single " a potentially excellent addition to anyone's	's	PART	discography	NOUN	 discography
The girls ' Bon Jovi – Rolling Stones mash up was received favorably by Stack and Milzoff — the former graded it " A ", the latter called it " brash and fun ", and both writers appreciated the black leather costumes. While Harper also liked the	the	DET	costumes	NOUN	 costumes
Part of modern day NY 311 from the NY 292 intersection to the route's ending terminus was once part of the Philipstown Turnpike. Initially, the county's proximity to the Hudson River supplied cheap means of transporting goods to Albany and New York City, though in	in	ADP	the	DET	 the
In Randolph ’ s outline the committee replaced that language with a list of 18 specific “ enumerated ” powers, many adopted from the Articles of Confederation, that would strictly limit the Congress ’ authority to measures such as imposing taxes, making treaties, going to war	war	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
Showrunner Al Jean noted in an interview with Entertainment Weekly that it was easy to cast Lynch, since " she can do edge, sweetness, and a mix of both ". He further noted that the crew was happy when she agreed to take the role,	,	PUNCT	and	CCONJ	 and
Monsopiad Cultural Village (Kampung Monsopiad) features cultural shows related to the Kadazan Dusun culture. It is named after the legendary Kadazan Dusun headhunting warrior, Monsopiad. The Padang Merdeka or Town Field is the site where the declaration of Sabah's independence and formation of Malaysia	Malaysia	PROPN	took	VERB	 took
Furthermore, Spanish law maintained that both husband and wife should share equally in the profits of marriage, and, like many other former Spanish provinces, Texas retained the idea of community property rather than use the Anglo laws in which all property belonged to the husband.	.	PUNCT	Furthermore	ADV	 Furthermore
In terms of visual arts, the city contains a number of galleries featuring both classical and contemporary Romanian art, as well as selected international works. The National Museum of Art is located in the former palace of the count György Bánffy, the most representative secular construction	construction	NOUN	built	VERB	 built
I presume they must be few. Though Raspe's book is no longer widely read by English speakers, the Munchausen stories remain popular in Europe, especially in Germany and in Russia. As well as the many augmented and adapted editions of Raspe's text, the	the	DET	fictional	ADJ	 fictional
" Hot to the Touch " was seen by 2.655 million viewers and marked a significant increase in ratings for the series. It received largely positive critical reviews, with reviewers from both The A.V. Club and Slate applauding the episode's emotional range. Finn pursues Flame Princess	Princess	PROPN	(	PUNCT	 (
According to unverified reports it is believed that St. Thaddeus was buried at the site of the St. Thaddeus Monastery in the 1st century A.D., and that St. Gregory was responsible for establishing a monastery here in the 4th century. However, there is recorded proof that St.	St.	PROPN	Thaddeus	PROPN	 Thaddeus
The type's increased range is due to an additional center fuel tank and a higher maximum takeoff weight (MTOW) of up to 395,000 lb (179,000 kg). The type was originally offered with the same engines as the 767 200, while more powerful Pratt	Pratt	PROPN	&	CCONJ	 &
Weed procured Seward's triumph at the Utica convention. The election turned on national issues, most importantly President Jackson's policies. These were then popular, and in a strong year for Democrats, Seward was defeated by some 11,000 votes — Weed wrote that the Whigs	Whigs	PROPN	were	AUX	 were
I think they've been revamped recently in a fun way in the [comic] book. " Feige reiterated that sentiment in a September 2011 issue of Entertainment Weekly, saying, " There's an opportunity to do a big space epic, which Thor sort of	of	ADV	hints	NOUN	 hints
Constantine and Martindale bowled up to four short deliveries each over so that the ball rose to head height; occasionally they bowled around the wicket. Although not as fast as he had been on the previous tour, Constantine was still capable of short bursts of very fast	fast	ADJ	bowling	NOUN	 bowling
" Robert Copsey of Digital Spy felt the production credits for MDNA had fueled " over inflated expectations " for the single. Copsey found it was not " forward thinking " like Madonna's past records and cited the lyrics " Girls they just wanna have some fun /	/	PUNCT	Get	VERB	 Get
Mario sets off in pursuit to locate and rescue the princess, learning in the process of Bowser's intentions for using the aforementioned stolen Super Leaves. After rescuing her, the Toads and Mario return to the Mushroom Kingdom with Tanooki Suits while Mario carries the princess.	.	PUNCT	Mario	PROPN	 Mario
The film earned $26,752,099 on its opening day, and $77,025,481 over its opening weekend, making it the second largest December opening ever behind I Am Legend, the largest domestic opening weekend for a film not based on a franchise (topping The Incredibles),	,	PUNCT	the	DET	 the
In connection to this, he wrote an article in ADDitude Magazine about his personal experience with it. Levine founded his own record label, 222 Records, in February 2012. He stated that he was inspired to start the label to sign on Rozzi Crane, an	an	DET	USC	PROPN	 USC
Though Cameron felt Jake and Neytiri do not fall in love right away, their portrayers (Worthington and Saldana) felt the characters do. Cameron said the two actors " had a great chemistry " during filming. For the film's floating " Hallelujah Mountains ",	,	PUNCT	the	DET	 the
Sweta Kaushal of Hindustan Times praised her for perfecting the body languages and accents of the two women, and Saibal Chatterjee of NDTV wrote that she " fleshes out this pair of distinct individuals with such energy and finesse that it becomes difficult at times to tell that it	it	PRON	is	AUX	 is
Ventus was designed by director Tetsuya Nomura who wanted to create a character with an important connection with the series ' main character Sora. Ventus bears a strong resemblance to the character of Roxas, both of whom are voiced by Kōki Uchiyama in Japanese and Jesse McCartney in	in	ADP	English	PROPN	 English
Italian fascism derived its name from the fasces, which symbolised imperium, or power and authority, in ancient Rome. Roman legions had carried the aquila, or eagle, as signa militaria. On 25 April 1945, known as festa della liberazione, the government of	of	ADP	Benito	PROPN	 Benito
During his time as Archbishop he adamantly refused to host lavish social gatherings, which made him popular with the common people, but unpopular with wealthy citizens and the clergy. His reforms of the clergy were also unpopular. He told visiting regional preachers to return to the	the	DET	churches	NOUN	 churches
The largest mining company was the Rockefeller family owned Colorado Fuel & Iron Company. On April 20, 1914, the Colorado National Guard attacked a tent colony of striking miners and their families and, during a day long fight, 26 people were killed. During the	the	DET	strike	NOUN	 strike
From 1640 onwards no readings were held, and barristers such as Sir Edward Coke remarked at the time that the quality of education at the Inns of Court had decreased. Holdsworth put this down to three things — the introduction of printed books, the disinclination of students	students	NOUN	to	PART	 to
The fungus is resistant to its own chemical because its ubihydroquinone has three amino acid residues that prevent the strobilurins from binding. Because of their sensitivity to light, and high vapor pressures that causes them to rapidly disappear when applied to the surface of a leaf, chemically	chemically	ADV	unmodified	ADJ	 unmodified
Two days later, he won Stevenage's penalty in the 93rd minute against one of his former employers, Cambridge United, as Stevenage salvaged a 1 – 1 draw at the Abbey Stadium. Bridges ' return to the first – team coincided with an upturn in form	form	NOUN	for	ADP	 for
On 20 May 2009, Andreas Mogensen, a researcher at the Surrey Space Centre, was announced as a new member of the European Astronaut Corps, part of the European Space Agency and in doing so, will become the first Danish astronaut. In February 2011,	,	PUNCT	terrorism	NOUN	 terrorism
After optionally earning the loyalty of the squad, Shepard visits a derelict Reaper and acquires an IFF transponder necessary for safe travel through the Omega 4 Relay. Shepard may acquire a disabled geth that, if activated, voluntarily joins the squad and is given the name of	of	ADP	Legion	PROPN	 Legion
He married for the fourth and final time in Phoenix, Arizona, on October 26, 1969 to Jessi Colter. Colter and Jennings had one son, Waylon Albright " Shooter " Jennings (born May 19, 1979). Colter had one daughter, Jennifer,	,	PUNCT	from	ADP	 from
Phil tries to admit that he has cirrhosis of liver, but she refuses to see him again and he leaves. In May, Peggy turns up on Ronnie's doorstep, and the next day Sal arrives with the news that Peggy's chemotherapy is not working and	and	CCONJ	she	PRON	 she
It was so rich in all kind of ways. " Although Scott had accepted the job Demme had rejected, he said: " My first question was: ' What about Jonathan? ' and they said: ' The original team said it's too violent.	.	PUNCT	'	PUNCT	 '
The tourists were still more than 200 runs in arrears when Loxton came in to join Harvey. On Loxton ’ s first ball, a delivery from Tayfield narrowly missed his edge. He survived to lunch after being caught from a no ball on the long on boundary	boundary	NOUN	from	ADP	 from
In Sarasota, high tides from the system affected 200 sea turtle nests, of which 20 had to be transported to a safer location. Once in the Gulf of Mexico, the developing system threatened the area affected by the Deepwater Horizon oil spill; this prompted BP	BP	NOUN	to	PART	 to
It was first broadcast on the Seven Network on 18 March 1985. It was created by TV executive Reg Watson, who proposed the idea of making a show that focused on realistic stories and portrayed adults and teenagers who talk openly and solve their problems together. Seven	Seven	NUM	decided	VERB	 decided
Other Twitter users compared Germany's dominating performance to their military efforts during World War II and The Holocaust, for example, dubbing it the " Goalocaust ". Bung Moktar Radin, a member of parliament of Malaysia, came under heavy criticism from the Malaysian public and	and	CCONJ	the	DET	 the
The AV Club's Todd VanDerWerff noted his enjoyment of the storyline, but he mostly enjoyed the episode's inclusion and voice work of Chevy Chase and Dan Aykroyd. He also commented favorably on the gags that describe Russia as filled with bears on unicycles and that Adam	Adam	PROPN	West	PROPN	 West
It was during his junior years that Trenchard and his siblings were educated at home by a resident tutor, whom Trenchard did not respect. Unfortunately for Trenchard's education, the tutor was neither strict enough nor skillful enough to overcome the children's mischievous attempts to avoid	avoid	VERB	receiving	VERB	 receiving
The clip met with generally positive reception from music critics, who praised its aesthetic and sexual theme and claimed that it will be remembered as one of Beyoncé's most iconic visual work. Soon after Beyoncé's performance on American Idol, a video that surfaced online received	received	VERB	considerable	ADJ	 considerable
The Hampden Roar was first noticed in a game against England in 1929. Scotland, who had played the second half with ten players due to an injury to Alex Jackson, equalised in the final minute with a goal from Alec Cheyne direct from a corner kick.	.	PUNCT	The	DET	 The
Three goddesses were associated with Allah as his daughters: Allāt, Manāt and al- ‘ Uzzá. Monotheistic communities existed in Arabia, including Christians and Jews. Hanifs – native pre Islamic Arabs who " professed a rigid monotheism " – are also sometimes listed alongside Jews and	and	CCONJ	Christians	PROPN	 Christians
When eaten fresh and raw, the mushroom has been known to cause an irritant reaction on the lips and tongue, which subsides after an hour. The close L. glaucescens has been reported to be poisonous, but it has been speculated that the " poisonings " were	were	AUX	caused	VERB	 caused
Irataba assisted Captain Lorenzo Sitgreaves during his 1851 exploration of the Colorado. On March 19, 1851, most of the Oatman family, traveling by wagon train in what is now Arizona, were killed by what are believed to have been members of the Tolkepaya band of	of	ADP	Western	PROPN	 Western
He won the bronze medal overall, placing 0.60 points behind silver medalist Brandon Mroz and 7.70 points ahead of pewter medalist Ryan Bradley. Due to his placement at the U.S. Championships, Lysacek was named to the teams to the 2009 Four Continents Championships and the 2009 World	World	PROPN	Championships	PROPN	 Championships
Walker was honoured by the opportunity to record a piece of Tedder's work. Walker told the Daily Telegraph, " It is a privilege for me to record a song by the guy who wrote ' Halo ' for Beyoncé and ' Bleeding Love ' for Leona.	.	PUNCT	He	PRON	 He
Colhoun was one of 111 Wickes class destroyers built by the United States Navy between 1917 and 1919. She, along with 25 of her sisters, were constructed at Fore River Shipyard shipyards in Quincy, Massachusetts using specifications and detail designs drawn up by Bethlehem Steel.	.	PUNCT	She	PRON	 She
Two people were killed in the city after being crushed by falling walls. A maximum of 7.02 in (178 mm) of rain fell in Mississippi during the passage of the hurricane. In areas in and around Pensacola, Florida, 60 mph (97 km /	/	SYM	h	NOUN	 h
Kuala Lumpur ceased to be the capital of Selangor in 1978 after the city of Shah Alam was declared the new state capital. On 14 May 1990, Kuala Lumpur celebrated 100 years of local council. The new federal territory Kuala Lumpur flag and anthem were introduced.	.	PUNCT	On	ADP	 On
Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974 (ERISA) – With the passage of ERISA in 1974, corporate pension funds were prohibited from holding certain risky investments including many investments in privately held companies. In 1975, fundraising for private equity investments cratered, according to the	the	DET	Venture	PROPN	 Venture
But he enjoyed her sudden relationship with Commander William Riker in " Conundrum ". Forbes shared the view of that episode, later saying " When you have amnesia, you wonder if that brings out a side of you that's always wanted to come out. Would	Would	AUX	you	PRON	 you
Incidents escalated, resulting in 13 separate attacks on Swiss territory on 22 February 1945 — the day President Franklin D. Roosevelt's special assistant, Lauchlin Currie, went to Schaffhausen to lay a wreath on the graves of those killed a year earlier — and simultaneous attacks 4	4	NUM	March	PROPN	 March
A small number of criollos, notably Mariano Moreno, supported the mutiny, but most of them did not. They felt that Álzaga wanted to remove the Viceroy to avoid his political authority while keeping the social differences between criollos and peninsulars unchanged. The riot was quickly	quickly	ADV	routed	VERB	 routed
The third fight took place in the Ultimate Fighting Championship (UFC) at UFC 92: The Ultimate 2008 on December 27, 2008. This time, however, it would be Quinton Jackson avenging his two earlier defeats to Silva by knocking him unconscious with a left	left	ADJ	hook	NOUN	 hook
The episode keeps us interested and entertained. " Mac McEntire of DVD Verdict cited the scene in which the children imagine what kind of person the new student is as the greatest moment in the episode. In the July 26, 2007 issue of Nature, the scientific	scientific	ADJ	journal	NOUN	 journal
Seydlitz, Moltke, and Blücher went north to shell Hartlepool, while Von der Tann and Derfflinger went south to shell Scarborough and Whitby. Of the three towns, only Hartlepool was defended by coastal artillery batteries. During the bombardment of Hartlepool, Seydlitz was hit three	three	NUM	times	NOUN	 times
On 9 January 1909, Shackleton and three companions (Wild, Eric Marshall and Jameson Adams) reached a new Farthest South latitude of 88° 23 ' S, a point only 112 miles (180 km) from the Pole. En route the South Pole party	party	NOUN	discovered	VERB	 discovered
The pianist George Shearing was a fan and would play " Autumn in New York " in the style of Edwards if he knew the couple were in the audience. Ray Charles also enjoyed their performance. Art Carney — who played Ed Norton in the comedy series The	The	DET	Honeymooners	PROPN	 Honeymooners
" Wounding " and " causing grievous bodily harm " are defined in the same way as they are in the crime of maliciously wounding or inflicting grievous bodily harm. Grievous bodily harm includes serious psychological trauma and serious infection; however, these are less controversial here because	because	SCONJ	of	ADP	 of
The following week, she made her Raw debut in a tag team match, teaming with Maryse against Gail Kim and Mickie James in a losing effort. She gained her first victory on Raw on July 13, when Fox, Maryse, and Rosa Mendes won a	a	DET	six	NUM	 six
While the Arroyo Seco Parkway was being built and extended, the region's freeway system was taking shape. The short city built Cahuenga Pass Freeway opened on June 15, 1940, over a month before the second piece of the Arroyo Seco Parkway was complete. In	In	ADP	the	DET	 the
She continued in this routine in early 1910; she operated with the Training Squadron from 4 to 29 April and cruised in the Skagerrak and the western Baltic. The battleship was scheduled to take part in the autumn maneuvers, but shortly before the fleet assembled for the	the	DET	exercises	NOUN	 exercises
The album received generally positive reviews and critics considered it one of the best soundtracks of the year, especially when compared to their panning of the film. Browning was praised for her performance throughout the album, mainly on " Sweet Dreams (Are Made of This)	)	PUNCT	"	PUNCT	 "
A possible film still exists for the work and the identity of the actors are complimentary in between two identical stills in the Jonathan Silent Film Collection. The description of T 151, identifies the man in the center as Martin Faust and notes the possibility that the still	still	ADV	comes	VERB	 comes
The Partisans emerged from the operation without significant losses, though NDH propaganda claimed that the rebels in Kozara were destroyed and that Stojanović had been killed. The Kozara Partisans never repeated the mistake of frontal resistance. When stronger enemy forces advanced toward them, they manoeuvred to	to	PART	position	VERB	 position
Stephen and his brother managed to reward their fellow conspirators. Peteinos became patrikios and Great Hetaeriarch, Argyros was appointed Count of the Stable, Kourtikes a patrikios and droungarios of the Watch. On 26 January 945, however, at the urging of their sister, the	the	DET	Augusta	PROPN	 Augusta
In 1949 the authorities enacted the Hiroshima Peace Memorial Reconstruction Act, which gave the city access to special grant aid, and in August 1949, an international competition was announced for the design of the Hiroshima Peace Memorial Park. Tange was awarded first prize for a design	design	NOUN	that	PRON	 that
Ginko faces the Tokoyami itself in the writings warehouse, while Tama and Koro try to remove the Tokoyami by bloodletting. The newly healed Tanyu accompanies Tama and Koro to the warehouse, where they find a collapsed Ginko. Tanyu begins to remove the writings from Ginko's	's	PART	body	NOUN	 body
On 16 July, Guam and Alaska conducted a sweep into the East China and Yellow Seas to sink Japanese shipping. They had only limited success, however, and returned to the fleet on 23 July. They then joined a major raid, which included three battleships	battleships	NOUN	and	CCONJ	 and
Tumbleweeds are the above ground portions of certain plants, which separate from their root structure and roll in the wind to distribute their seeds. Dung beetles form spherical balls of animal excrement, which they roll with their bodies. Although it is the dung ball that rolls	rolls	VERB	rather	ADV	 rather
" Ebert and his colleague Gene Siskel of the Chicago Tribune spent a considerable amount of time in the Siskel & Ebert episode in which they reviewed the film analyzing the film's painstaking filmmaking. Siskel also praised the film, and ranked it # 2 on his top	top	ADJ	ten	NUM	 ten
In this series, the character of the Black Adder is somewhat different from later incarnations, being largely unintelligent, naive, and snivelling. The character does evolve through the series, however, and he begins showing signs of what his descendants will be like by the	the	DET	final	ADJ	 final
The museum's art collection currently consists of more than 10,000 objects that include a wide variety of paintings, sculpture, drawings, prints, photographs, and decorative arts from ancient through contemporary periods and from around the world. The most celebrated items in the museum are	are	AUX	16th-	NUM	 16th-
The 2011 census shows that the average age of residents has decreased as the town has attracted students, families and those commuting to London and Brighton. Flint minerys and Stone Age artefacts have been found in the surrounding countryside, and there are Roman remains buried beneath the	the	DET	town	NOUN	 town
" His answer to this problem was managerial and statist. Lê Duẩn's concept of " collective mastery " was featured in the 1980 Vietnamese Constitution as was his concept of " collective mastery " of society. The concept was Lê Duẩn's version of popular sovereignty that	that	PRON	advocated	VERB	 advocated
The word " ecology " (" Ökologie ") was coined in 1866 by the German scientist Ernst Haeckel (1834 – 1919). Ecological thought is derivative of established currents in philosophy, particularly from ethics and politics. Ancient Greek philosophers such as Hippocrates and Aristotle	Aristotle	PROPN	laid	VERB	 laid
Scott wrote in his report to the hospital that he was not sure whether Lamb's condition was genuine or whether he was just putting on an act. Lamb returned to the penitentiary on 18 April 1966 with a report saying that, if released, he would probably	probably	ADV	relapse	VERB	 relapse
Tony Curtis had to fight for the role of Sidney Falco because Universal, the studio to which he was contracted, was worried that it would ruin his career. Tired of doing pretty boy roles and wanting to prove that he could act, Curtis got his way	way	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
' line and scene in which he's sitting at the typewriter and unleashes his anger upon his wife. So determined to produce perfection was Kubrick, he often demanded up to 70 or 80 retakes of the same scene. The bar scene with the ghostly bartender was	was	AUX	shot	VERB	 shot
Local historians have proposed various theories for the origin of the name Neilston. Although the first element is likely to derive from either the Gaelic forename " Niall " (genitive " Nèill ") or else from the French Nigel, there is disagreement as to whether the	the	DET	second	ADJ	 second
She was completed on 13 January 1903 and assigned to the Cruiser Squadron of the Channel Fleet, under the command of the future First Sea Lord, Captain Francis Bridgeman. John Jellicoe, also a future First Sea Lord and commander of the Grand Fleet, was her	her	PRON	next	ADJ	 next
West of the confluence of the Murray and Murrumbidgee is the beginning of the more arid Far West region. In general, the Riverina is an alluvial plain formed by deposition carried from the Great Dividing Range by streams between 30,000 and 15,000 years ago. The terrain includes	includes	VERB	rolling	VERB	 rolling
Several of its features diverged from related species, indicating long term isolation on Rodrigues and subsequent adaptation. The rose ringed parakeet of the same genus is a close relative and probable ancestor. Newton's parakeet may itself have been ancestral to the endemic parakeets of nearby Mauritius	Mauritius	PROPN	and	CCONJ	 and
For over two years, they maintained a fragile and uneasy family life with their daughter. Cooper moved back into their home in November 1953, and their formal reconciliation occurred in February 1954. Prior to his marriage, Cooper had a series of romantic relationships with leading	leading	VERB	actresses	NOUN	 actresses
But every irrational number, including π, can be represented by an infinite series of nested fractions, called a continued fraction: <formula> A001203 Truncating the continued fraction at any point yields a rational approximation for π; the first four of these are 3,	,	PUNCT	22	NUM	 22
Nevertheless, Akinaga, realising that further assaults were futile finally dispatched the order to cancel the attack. At around 08: 30, the Australians realised that the Japanese had decided that they had had enough. Just after midday, two tanks were dispatched from the '	'	PUNCT	B	NOUN	 B
Warren Martyn and Adrian Wood of I Can't Believe It's a Bigger and Better Updated Unofficial Simpsons Guide described the episode as having " two distinct halves, although the second far outweighs the first. " They added that Homer's adventure in the sensory deprivation tank	tank	NOUN	was	AUX	 was
The music for the serial was recorded on 3 March 1975 and the dubbing finished the day before Part One aired. Nation, who grew up during World War II, intentionally based the Daleks on the Nazis, and this episode contains many deliberate parallels. The Kaleds	Kaleds	PROPN	dress	NOUN	 dress
The Football Trust contributed half of the £150,000 cost of the stand, and it was constructed in the summer of 1991. The David Longhurst Stand was officially opened on 14 October 1991 in a friendly match against Leeds United, which was watched by a crowd of	of	ADP	4,374	NUM	 4,374
Crane subsequently adapted his report into narrative form, and the resulting short story " The Open Boat " was published in Scribner's Magazine. The story is told from the point of view of an anonymous correspondent, with Crane as the implied author, the action closely	closely	ADV	resembles	VERB	 resembles
Descended from an earlier English king, Æthelnoth became a monk prior to becoming archbishop. While archbishop, he travelled to Rome and brought back saint's relics. He consecrated a number of other bishops who came from outside his archdiocese, leading to some friction with other	other	ADJ	archbishops	NOUN	 archbishops
Only in his late twenties, he was the youngest group leader in the experimental division. The cyclotron would be used for measurements of the neutron cross section of plutonium. When Oppenheimer reorganized the laboratory in August 1944 to focus on the development of an implosion type nuclear	nuclear	ADJ	weapon	NOUN	 weapon
The impact of the season was widespread and ruinous with an estimated 3,913 deaths and record damage of about $159.2 billion. Of the storms that made landfall, five of the season's seven major hurricanes — Dennis, Emily, Katrina, Rita, and Wilma —	—	PUNCT	were	AUX	 were
The principal routes from Central India were occupied by British detachments. The Pindari forces were completely broken up, scattered in the course of a single campaign. They made no stand against the regular troops, and even in small bands they were unable to escape the ring	ring	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
" Alan Gibson wrote: " We hardly think of him as a stylist, and he was mostly a back foot player, getting the greater number of his runs in the segments fanning out from point and square leg. But he was enjoyable to watch, compact	compact	ADJ	,	PUNCT	,
Usually, it must be thrown overboard before the rest of the catch can be sorted. Throughout Indonesia and Malaysia, and probably elsewhere in its range, this species is a regular incidental catch of coastal fisheries using tangle nets, bottom trawls, gillnets, seine nets	nets	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
An early plan conceived by British Rail in the early 1970s for a route passing through Tonbridge met considerable opposition on environmental and social grounds, especially from the Leigh Action Group and Surrey & Kent Action on Rail (SKAR). A committee was set up to examine	examine	VERB	the	DET	 the
The next largest group of victims were non Jewish Poles, who accounted for 70,000 to 75,000 deaths. Twenty one thousand Roma and Sinti were killed, along with 15,000 Soviet POWs and 10,000 to 15,000 peoples of other nations. Around 400 Jehovah's Witnesses were imprisoned at	at	ADP	Auschwitz	PROPN	 Auschwitz
Prior to this movie, Zoboomafoo, a Public Broadcasting Service (PBS) children's television series from 1999 to 2001, helped to popularize sifakas by featuring a live Coquerel's sifaka from the Duke Lemur Center as well as a puppet. A twenty episode series called	called	VERB	Lemur	PROPN	 Lemur
The film's trailer was nominated for the " Golden Fleece " award at the 3rd Golden Trailer Awards. The DVD version of the film was released on 23 October 2001, with the Blu ray edition released on 7 August 2007. Two weeks before it was released	released	VERB	the	DET	 the
Nobunaga had the castle repaired and renamed it Gifu Castle. The castle town of Inoguchi was likewise renamed Gifu, after the mountain from which Wu Wang launched his campaign to unify China. Nobunaga had a lavish manor built at the base of the castle mountain. He	He	PRON	then	ADV	 then
The storm also damaged water stations, power lines, and thousands of hectares of crops, including food reserves. The World Food Programme estimated that Gretelle destroyed 7,000 tons of rice, 123,500 tons of cassava, and 8,000 tons of cash crops, mostly to coffee.	.	PUNCT	About	ADV	 About
On July 31, it weakened to a tropical depression. Darby soon crossed into the Central Pacific Hurricane Center's area of responsibility, and it dissipated as a tropical cyclone on August 1. However, its remnants continued westward under the low level trade winds, and	and	CCONJ	dropped	VERB	 dropped
He appeared in 25 games with the Guelph Storm in 1997 – 98, and although he did not appear in any playoff games, he was a member of the Storm's J. Ross Robertson Cup winning team as OHL champions. After only six games with Guelph the	the	DET	following	ADJ	 following
Without abandoning their nominal military service, they acquired diverse properties to consolidate their presence and income such as soap and pottery factories, bathhouses, agricultural lands, grain mills and, olive and sesame oil presses. The most influential military family were the Nimrs, who were	were	AUX	originally	ADV	 originally
The total path length was 22 miles (35 km), and the width of the funnel reached 1.7 miles (2.7 km). Overall, 95% of Greensburg was destroyed. A total of 961 homes and businesses were destroyed, 216 received major damage and	and	CCONJ	307	NUM	 307
The 30,000 seats would be added above the second deck of the stadium from the end of the press boxes across to the northwest end of the venue, wrapping around the remainder of the horseshoe. The auxiliary video display currently adjacent to the easternmost section of the media	media	NOUN	areas	NOUN	 areas
Subjective case is used when the pronoun is the subject of a finite clause, and otherwise the objective case is used. While already grammarians such as Henry Sweet and Otto Jespersen noted that the English cases did not correspond to the traditional Latin based system, some contemporary	contemporary	ADJ	grammars	NOUN	 grammars
His younger son John followed him into the Navy, entering the RANC in 1947. Graduating as chief cadet captain, John Waller became a weapons electrical engineer and attained the rank of commander in 1967, before transferring to the Emergency Reserve as a senior Navy research scientist	scientist	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
Punk is a playable character in numerous video games: WWE SmackDown vs. Raw 2008, WWE SmackDown vs. Raw 2009, WWE SmackDown vs. Raw 2010, WWE All Stars, WWE SmackDown vs. Raw 2011, WWE ' 12, WWE ' 13 (for which he was	was	AUX	on	ADP	 on
Although a female may mate with several males, the dominant male may be more likely to copulate when the female is at peak fertility. Nonetheless, there is evidence that dominant males do tend to avoid breeding with their own daughters who are members of the troop.	.	PUNCT	Such	ADJ	 Such
When Hun Sen rejected Sihanouk's concern, the latter followed up in September 2002 by threatening to abdicate, so as to force the throne council to convene and elect a new monarch. In July 2003 general elections were held again, and the CPP won. However	However	ADV	,	PUNCT	,
The episode featured several guest appearances including one from The Office co creator Ricky Gervais, his second appearance on the series. The episode also marks the first appearance of James Spader and Catherine Tate, the former of whom was a series regular in the eighth season while	while	SCONJ	the	DET	 the
Though cetaceans have been held in captivity in both North America and Europe since the 1860s, the first being a pair of Beluga Whales in the New York museum, dolphins were first kept for paid entertainment in the Marine Studios dolphinarium founded in 1938 in St. Augustine,	,	PUNCT	Florida	PROPN	 Florida
Aware of the sensitive political climate of the Cold War and not wishing to " perpetuate the idea that Russia was the enemy with a whole generation of children watching ", Gerry Anderson decided the Hood (voiced by Barrett) should be Oriental and placed his temple hideout	hideout	ADV	in	ADP	 in
It is at a distance of 3900 light years and has an overall magnitude of 6.0; it is 14 light years wide. Its apparent diameter is 12.0 arcminutes. Of the three open clusters in Auriga, M36 is both the smallest and the most concentrated, though	though	SCONJ	its	PRON	 its
Without running water, several people bathed in the oil contaminated harbor where many boats sunk, which caused skin irritations. Initially, telephone service onto the island was disrupted, and the only method of outside contact was by radio to the University of Guam. The Guam	Guam	PROPN	Memorial	PROPN	 Memorial
After the collapse of Roman authority in the early fifth century, four major circles of influence emerged in Northern Britain. In the east, the kingdoms of the Picts eventually stretched from the River Forth to Shetland. In the west were the Gaelic (Goidelic) -speaking	-speaking	ADJ	people	NOUN	 people
To make ends meet, he was forced to compose lots of smaller works for publication in Finland. In March 1915, he was able to travel to Gothenburg in Sweden where his The Oceanides was really appreciated. While working on his Fifth Symphony in April, he	he	PRON	saw	VERB	 saw
Hamilton considers that sometimes an inconvenient truth may be too difficult to bear: Sometimes facing up to the truth is just too hard. When the facts are distressing it is easier to reframe or ignore them. Around the world only a few have truly faced up to	to	ADP	the	DET	 the
They can shut you out or shut you in. And in some ways there is no difference. " Since 1994, Dylan has published six books of paintings and drawings. Dylan has won many awards throughout his career including eleven Grammy Awards, one Academy Award and	and	CCONJ	one	NUM	 one
The tropical storm headed directly eastward on October 19, and dissipated in the open Atlantic on October 20. The final storm of the season started as a tropical depression on November 5, located in the Caribbean, south of Cuba. It strengthened into a tropical storm	storm	NOUN	later	ADV	 later
Footdrumming has been reported to be involved in male male competition; the dominant male indicates its resource holding potential by drumming, thus minimizing physical contact with potential rivals. Some species of rodent are monogamous, with an adult male and female forming a lasting pair bond.	.	PUNCT	Monogamy	PROPN	 Monogamy
The route passes Saw Mill Pond, and a small parking lot for the pond, before continuing down a steep slope back to the beginning of the loop. The PR 2 designation also includes three small roads that serve the main park campgrounds. In 1927, a	a	DET	small	ADJ	 small
The Levels contain the best preserved prehistoric village in the UK, Glastonbury Lake Village, as well as two others at Meare Lake Village. Discovered in 1892 by Arthur Bulleid, it was inhabited by about 200 people living in 14 roundhouses, and was built on a	a	DET	morass	NOUN	 morass
Professional guidelines recommend that if pituitary apoplexy is suspected or confirmed, the minimal blood tests performed should include a complete blood count, urea (a measure of renal function, usually performed together with creatinine), electrolytes (sodium and potassium), liver function tests,	,	PUNCT	routine	ADJ	 routine
Diaby scored his second goal of the campaign in Arsenal's 3 – 1 league win against Newcastle on 21 March. He finished the season by scoring the team's third goal in the 4 – 1 win over Stoke City. Diaby started the 2009 – 10 season	season	NOUN	healthy	ADJ	 healthy
' The prohibitions of ' Bills of Attainder ' in Art. I, § § 9 – 10, prohibit legislatures from singling out summary punishment for past conduct. The Due Process Clause also protects the interests in fair notice and repose that may be compromised by retroactive	retroactive	ADJ	legislation	NOUN	 legislation
Governor James E. Campbell, a Democrat, who had defeated Foraker in 1889, was to seek re election in 1891. The Ohio Republican party remained divided, but McKinley quietly arranged for Foraker to nominate him at the 1891 state Republican convention, which chose McKinley by	by	ADP	acclamation	NOUN	 acclamation
Peng also became a zealous supporter of the Three anti Campaign due to his belief that corruption and waste were the main causes of the PVA's hardship. Truce talks began on July 10, 1951, but proceeded slowly. Peng was recalled back to China in April	April	PROPN	1952	NUM	 1952
Bordering the Rio Grande, the valley consisted of flat desert land measuring about 50 miles (80 km), north to south, by 200 miles (320 km), east to west. This valley was essential for the construction of a transcontinental railroad using a	a	DET	southern	ADJ	 southern
Missoula was founded in 1860 as Hellgate Trading Post while still part of Washington Territory. By 1866, the settlement had moved east, 5 miles (8 km) upstream, and renamed Missoula Mills, later shortened to Missoula. The mills provided supplies to western settlers	settlers	NOUN	traveling	VERB	 traveling
When Hamburg America withdrew from the service, the liner was traded to North German Lloyd, and regularly used — under the new name of Princess Alice — on both North Atlantic and Far East passenger routes. The liner was interned in the U.S.-controlled Philippines at the outset	outset	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
Another such check was provocatio. Provocatio was a primordial form of due process. It was a precursor to habeas corpus. If any magistrate tried to use the powers of the state against a citizen, that citizen could appeal the decision of the magistrate to a tribune	tribune	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
He also played at the 2003 FIFA World Youth Championship, where he contributed to Ireland topping their group to reach the knockout stages. In the second round match against Colombia under 20, he came on as a late substitute to assist Kevin Doyle's goal and help	help	VERB	turn	VERB	 turn
Even though Oracle foils him, she starts doubting her abilities and fears she's losing her edge and brilliance, which results in her disbanding the Birds of Prey team to do some soul searching. Birds of Prey received cancellation in early 2009, with the final issue	issue	NOUN	being	AUX	 being
On 11 November 1816, Enrouf received command of the III Division, located at Metz, which was occupied by Allied troops as a condition of the Second Treaty of Paris; his role was to maintain harmony between residents and the foreign soldiers. Elected by the Moselle	Moselle	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
I beg to tender the following suggestion as a means of getting over the difficulty: that ten or twelve of the most prominent clubs in England combine to arrange home and away fixtures each season, the said fixtures to be arranged at a friendly conference about the same	same	ADJ	time	NOUN	 time
The next match was against the Marylebone Cricket Club (MCC) at Lord's. The MCC fielded seven players who would represent England in the Tests, and were basically a full strength Test team, while Australia fielded their first choice team. It was a chance	chance	NOUN	for	SCONJ	 for
The encore featured two acrobats that floated high above the crowd suspended on floating white balloons. Footage of the latter concert was released on DVD whilst a live CD album contained a selection of recorded tracks from the two nights. Both discs were released as a joint package	package	NOUN	under	ADP	 under
The organization also fields Halo, Counter Strike: Global Offensive (CS: GO), Super Smash Bros., and Call of Duty teams, and previously included a Dota 2 team. The organization was also one of the first in North America to implement a multi	multi	ADJ	team	NOUN	 team
Liverpool's fifth place finish in the Premiership left much to be desired but debut season glory still awaited Alonso in the form of the Champions League final. The team fell three goals behind Milan but completed a dramatic second half comeback. Liverpool, trailing 3 – 2	2	NUM	,	PUNCT	,
The episode was written and directed by series creator Brad Falchuk, filmed in part on location in New York City, and first aired on May 24, 2011 on Fox in the United States. With a $6 million budget, it was reportedly the most expensive	expensive	ADJ	episode	NOUN	 episode
After the Second World War picturesque ruins of castles became unfashionable. The conservation preference was to restore castles so as to produce what Oliver Creighton and Robert Higham have described as a " meticulously cared for fabric, neat lawns and [a] highly regulated, visitor friendly	friendly	ADJ	environment	NOUN	 environment
The project's cost is estimated at $150 million. The federal government is paying 65 percent, Oregon and Washington are paying $27 million each, and six local ports are also contributing to the cost. In 1902, the United States Bureau of Reclamation was	was	AUX	established	VERB	 established
In America, Burnell Poole painted canvases of United States Navy ships in dazzle camouflage at sea. The historian of camouflage Peter Forbes comments that the ships had a Modernist look, their designs succeeding as avant garde or Vorticist art. In 2007, the art of camouflage	camouflage	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
There was a landslide shift towards the SNP, which took 56 of the 59 Scottish seats at Westminster, while Labour lost 40 of the 41 Westminster seats it was defending. Notable losses included Murphy's constituency of East Renfrewshire and Brown's former constituency of Kirkcaldy and	and	CCONJ	Cowdenbeath	PROPN	 Cowdenbeath
On June 29, Benjamin was traded back to the ECW brand. On February 28, 2010, WWE announced that Haas had been released from his contract, and two months later, on April 22, WWE announced that Benjamin had also been released. On August	August	PROPN	2	NUM	 2
John Richardson, the special effects supervisor, made a floor that was capable of rising on different levels, so there was kind of a physical swelling of the treasure on it. " Craig spoke about the Battle of Hogwarts to Art Insights Magazine, saying that "	"	PUNCT	the	DET	 the
The chapel was subsequently refurbished in 1950, the work dedicated to Lang's memory. The probate value of Lang's estate was £29,541 (approximately £1,150,000 in 2016). Although Lang was a bishop in England for longer than anyone else in the twentieth century	century	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
However, Springfield Elementary School stays open regardless of the storm, even though every other local school closes. Only some students, including the classmates of Bart and Lisa, show up while Skinner and Willie are the only faculty members at the school that day. To	To	PART	pass	VERB	 pass
In addition to the main cast, the trilogy features guest performances, most notably, Gene Simmons and Paul Stanley from the rock band Kiss, who serve as protectors of the white wand. Patrick Warburton provides his voice for the agents of the Military Extraterrestrial Research Facility	Facility	PROPN	(	PUNCT	 (
The song, along with " Start All Over " and " " Who Owns My Heart " are the only singles released by Cyrus that haven't been certified at least platinum in the United States. The song's lyrics, written by Cyrus, Antonina Armato,	,	PUNCT	Tim	PROPN	 Tim
" The sequence was subsequently cut. The writing staff used Leyla's character to comment on the state of the show and, most notably, the members of the audience who preferred Fox Mulder (David Duchovny) over Doggett. Due to Harrison's extensive knowledge of	of	ADP	the	DET	 the
During the conflict he served in both the London Scottish Regiment and the Royal Flying Corps, where he was involved in both ground and aerial reconnaissance along the Western Front. After an injury forced a period of convalescence in England, he returned to the Front, where	where	SCONJ	he	PRON	 he
This requirement is based on the fact that they are both equally responsible for federal funds received. Subrecipient monitoring may consist of site visits, regular contact, interviews, meetings and examinations of the subrecipient, as well as requiring that the subrecipient be subject to an annual	annual	ADJ	single	ADJ	 single
In 2008, he made the Giants ' starting rotation and remained in it for the entire year, except for a stint on the disabled list. Sánchez began 2009 as a starter but was moved to the bullpen during the season. He was returned to the rotation	rotation	NOUN	on	ADP	 on
With a ridge to the south, the system tracked southwestward and intensified into Tropical Storm Flossy on February 27. That day, the JTWC began issuing advisories on the storm as Tropical Cyclone 17S. The storm quickly developed an eye, intensifying to tropical cyclone status on February	February	PROPN	28	NUM	 28
For that reason, whatever happens next, they deserve to be remembered fondly. " A reviewer for the Daily Mail described it as " a slick blend of grunge rock power and sultry girl group harmonies " and added, " [Absolute Garbage] already sounds dated	dated	VERB	,	PUNCT	,
Eddie finally appears above Bert in two shot when Eddie returns to beat Fats. The Hustler is fundamentally a story of what it means to be a human being, couched within the context of winning and losing. Describing the film, Robert Rossen said: " My	My	PRON	protagonist	NOUN	 protagonist
In " Finding Judas ", Cuddy finds Tritter spending his day off looking through the hospital's log for evidence against House. She accuses him of not having a life and " personalizing every slight ". Tritter responds that " nobody [at the hospital] is	is	AUX	innocent	ADJ	 innocent
This can cause abnormal platelet function and prolonged bleeding times. Affected dogs can be prone to nose bleeds, and increased bleeding following trauma or surgery. There are three types of this condition with Type I being the most common, while Type II and III being rarer	rarer	ADJ	,	PUNCT	,
Calvin gave himself and Hobbes important positions in the club, Calvin being " Dictator for Life " and Hobbes being " President and First Tiger ". They go into Calvin's treehouse for their club meetings and often get into fights during them. The password to get	get	VERB	into	ADP	 into
Brodeur won a Stanley Cup in only his second full season in the NHL. After the victory, he was quoted as saying: In the last game against Detroit, the time from ten minutes left to one minute left was probably the longest nine minutes of my	my	PRON	life	NOUN	 life
In the fifteenth century continental builders are known to have been working in Scotland. French master mason John Morrow was employed at the building of Glasgow Cathedral and the rebuilding of Melrose Abbey, both considered fine examples of Gothic architecture. The interiors of churches were often elaborate	elaborate	ADJ	before	ADP	 before
Poor communications in the British establishment and French naval superiority over the Chesapeake Bay caused him to become entrapped at Yorktown without the possibility of reinforcement; he surrendered after three weeks of siege, on October 17, 1781. He was released on parole, and returned to	to	ADP	England	PROPN	 England
The refurbishing initiative cost US $3.6 million, and was completed in August 2014. Mogadishu University (MU) is a non governmental university that is governed by a Board of Trustees and a University Council. It is the brainchild of a number of professors from the	the	DET	Somali	PROPN	 Somali
The assailants by passed the police and the referee had to be rescued by members of the Welsh team. In the struggle, Gould was struck on the chin, and it was reported that Hodgson only reached the Mackworth Hotel because Gould accompanied him on the coach.	.	PUNCT	The	DET	 The
All that remains is a South American superman: uncomplex, pure of heart, defiantly pious and boring ". Richard Corliss had problems with Del Toro's portrayal of Guevara: " Del Toro — whose acting style often starts over the top and soars from there,	,	PUNCT	like	ADP	 like
In movement 2 he uses the image of a rose with thorns to illustrate two conflicting aspects. In movements 3 and 4 he confirms the promise which has to be seen in the perspective of time. Movement 5 refers to the waiting for a promise being kept,	,	PUNCT	and	CCONJ	 and
At the time the church's interior was reconstructed at the turn of the 20th century, it was positioned on either side of the chancel platform at the eastern end where it remains. Organ specialists Hill, Norman & Beard (Aust) Pty Ltd gave the organ	organ	NOUN	a	DET	 a
An album entitled Love Song was released in August 2005 containing songs sung by Riya of Eufonius. In December 2006, Key Sounds Label produced the first drama CD on the label, and two more followed in July 2007. In December 2006, the first anime music	music	NOUN	single	ADJ	 single
Judges ' votes to send through to the final Walsh: Mary Byrne – backed his own act, Mary Byrne Minogue: Cher Lloyd – said she felt the emotion in Lloyd's performance Cole: Cher Lloyd – backed her own act, Cher Lloyd Cowell: Cher	Cher	PROPN	Lloyd	PROPN	 Lloyd
After graduation, he enlisted in the Air Force and was stationed at Carswell Air Force Base in Fort Worth, Texas. For three years, he served as an Air Force attorney, then returned to Paducah and joined the law firm of Reed, Scent, Reed	Reed	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
The failure to institute effective civilian oversight of the F FDTL also limited the extent to which foreign countries are willing to provide assistance to the F FDTL and contributed to the 2006 crisis. As at early 2010 the Ministry of Defence and Security was organised into elements responsible	responsible	ADJ	for	ADP	 for
The other Mercedes of Hamilton had brake problems as well towards the end, but was able to control the gap to the Ferrari to take his third victory of the season. Four time world champion Vettel however was unable to overtake the Williams of Valtteri Bottas for fourth	fourth	PROPN	.	PUNCT	.
The proprietary constituted up to 5,000,000 acres (20,000 km2) of Virginia's Northern Neck and a vast area spanning west to the North Branch Potomac River headwaters. The Northern Neck Proprietary had been awarded by Charles II of England to seven of his supporters in 1649,	,	PUNCT	and	CCONJ	 and
Mesfin Fekadu of the Associated Press wrote that " the old school flavored " song was one of the best on the whole album. Melissa Locker of Time described it as " one of the better tracks on the album ". While reviewing the album Jody Rosen of	of	ADP	Vulture	PROPN	 Vulture
They suffer heavily from their struggle against German infantry, machine gun nests, and artillery fire. Captain John H. Miller, a company commander of the 2nd Ranger Battalion, survives the initial landing and assembles a group of his Rangers to penetrate the German defenses, leading	leading	VERB	to	ADP	 to
Interestingly enough, the Crimson Tide were not fazed by Croyle ’ s rather serious ligament tear, for they felt he would heal well enough that his talent still warranted a spot on the roster. Croyle graduated early from high school and enrolled at the University of Alabama	Alabama	PROPN	in	ADP	 in
The first mood, generally predominant in the composer's output, was more popular, as audiences, preferred " the stained glass beauty of the Tallis Fantasia, the direct melodic appeal of the Serenade to Music, the pastoral poetry of The Lark Ascending, and the	the	DET	grave	ADJ	 grave
Passionate about the spirituality of the Desert Fathers, he and Sister Margaret McKenna debated about " Where is the desert today? " Deciding it was in the abandoned inner cities, in 1989 they moved into an abandoned row house that they began restoring, continuing their work	work	NOUN	even	ADV	 even
The Mark VIII 2 pounder gun fired a 40 millimetre (1.6 in).91 pound (0.41 kg) shell at a muzzle velocity of 1,920 ft / s (590 m / s) to a distance of 3,800 yards (3,500 m). The gun's rate of	of	ADP	fire	NOUN	 fire
Without the restriction of a roof, the pyrotechnics for the show shot as high as 2,000 feet (610 m) as compared to WrestleMania 23's height of 150 feet (46 m). The fireworks were set off from boats on one of the lakes nearby	nearby	ADP	the	DET	 the
The Times in early 1822 chided Etty, remarking that " We take this opportunity of advising Mr. Etty, who got some reputation for painting " Cleopatra's Galley ", not to be seduced into a style which can gratify only the most vicious taste. Naked figures	figures	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
Alley was so fond of her Vulcan ears that she would take them home with her at the end of each day. Bibi Besch plays Carol Marcus, the lead scientist working on Project Genesis, and the mother of Kirk's son, David (played by Merritt	Merritt	PROPN	Butrick	PROPN	 Butrick
The three springs were channelled into one, so that the water would be conveniently concentrated in one area. A well was built along the spring, which became popular with the villagers, who frequently sought the waters for their supposed healing powers. The spring's fame	fame	NOUN	spread	NOUN	 spread
The two teams had met in 21 previous matches, but their only previous encounter in the single elimination round of the World Cup was the final of the 2002 FIFA World Cup, which Brazil won 2 – 0. Brazil defender and captain Thiago Silva was suspended for	for	ADP	the	DET	 the
It is the first game of the Final Fantasy Tactics series and was released in Japan in June 1997 and in the United States in January 1998. The game combines thematic elements of the Final Fantasy video game series with a game engine and battle system unlike those previously	previously	ADV	seen	VERB	 seen
Before leaving for his sabbatical in February 1886 he published a paper summarising his research to date, in which he stated that " anastomoses or unions between the different ganglion cells " could not be demonstrated with certainty. This unorthodox view, confirmed by the simultaneous researches of	of	ADP	the	DET	 the
Their declared grounds for opposing statehood for Arizona were that Arizona's constitution included the initiative, the referendum and the right of recall — the " Oregon System " of enhanced public sovereignty that Owen had long supported. It was, however, also generally expected that Arizona	Arizona	PROPN	would	AUX	 would
Later that year he was appointed captain of the Parnell Company. During the Invasion of the Waikato (a campaign of the New Zealand Wars), he was sent to survey the military road being constructed into the Waikato as well as charting the river ways, as	as	ADP	pilot	NOUN	 pilot
Several relatively simple chemical tests — commercially available as reagent testing kits — can be used to assess the presence of psilocybin in extracts prepared from mushrooms. The drug reacts in the Marquis test to produce a yellow color, and a green color in the Mandelin test.	.	PUNCT	Neither	PRON	 Neither
Selling 790,705 units as of August 2008, it became the third best selling game for the PSP in Japan. In March 2008, Crisis Core sold 301,600 copies in its first month of release in the United States, behind the sales of God of War: Chains	Chains	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
There are two types of written Mongolian used in China: the traditional Mongolian script, which is official among Mongols nationwide, and the Clear script, used predominantly among Oirats in Xinjiang. The earliest surviving Mongolian text may be the Stele of Yisüngge, a report on	on	ADP	sports	NOUN	 sports
Her anima guides them up as they prepare to open the final chapter of their story. Above Lemurés, the team battles reincarnations of dead Aegyl, and then battle the reincarnated form of Mydia's anima, while discovering Feolthanos, the god, is, himself,	,	PUNCT	the	DET	 the
Today, the castle can be reached by a 12 person ferry operated from Kinross by Historic Scotland during the summer months. The remains of the castle are protected as a Scheduled Ancient Monument, and as a category A listed building, the highest level of protection for	for	ADP	a	DET	 a
And that's the process, I guess, of life — the detachment and the release of something gives you even more room to grow or be creative. " With the album, Badu sought to augment her music's production, expose the work of underground hip	hip	NOUN	hop	NOUN	 hop
Interest has also focused on the neurotransmitter glutamate and the reduced function of the NMDA glutamate receptor in schizophrenia, largely because of the abnormally low levels of glutamate receptors found in the postmortem brains of those diagnosed with schizophrenia, and the discovery that glutamate blocking drugs such as	as	ADP	phencyclidine	NOUN	 phencyclidine
Gyllenhaal played Yelena Andreevna in the Classic Stage Company's 2009 Off Broadway production of Anton Chekhov's Uncle Vanya in New York City. The cast also included Peter Sarsgaard, Mamie Gummer, Denis Leary, and George Foreman. The production, directed by Martin Scorsese,	,	PUNCT	began	VERB	 began
One Direction performed " What Makes You Beautiful " and " One Thing " on the NBC comedy television show Saturday Night Live on 7 April 2012, and also appeared in a comedy sketch with Sofía Vergara. In Australia, they performed " One Thing " and "	"	PUNCT	What	PRON	 What
Southampton were believed to have had Mido on their shortlist of targets, but his agent Christophe Henrotay said Roma would not be willing to let Mido leave the club. It was even reported that he had been offered to Southampton on loan but his new agent, Mino	Mino	PROPN	Raiola	PROPN	 Raiola
As such they formed part of the force, led by Kjotve the Rich of Agder and the kings and jarls of Hordaland, Rogaland, and Telemark, that came to Hafrsfjord to fight Harald's encroaching hegemony. The exact relationship between the Austkylfur and the anti Harald	Harald	PROPN	coalition	NOUN	 coalition
In addition to some strengthening, there were alterations to the air intake, which had throughout the P.1127 and Kestrel series featured an inflatable lip to smooth the intake airflow when the aircraft was almost stationary. There were concerns about the service life of these devices, so	so	SCONJ	they	PRON	 they
Hiei and Kirishima then disabled two American destroyers (one of which later sank). In turn, Hiei became the target of the majority of the American firepower, with the American 5 inch guns inflicting severe damage on Hiei's superstructure at close range; Admiral Abe	Abe	PROPN	himself	PRON	 himself
He was handed a red card against Barrow in the semi final of the Conference League Cup in March, which meant he would miss the Final because of a two match suspension. He was substituted after breaking his nose in a 3 – 0 victory over Burscough in	in	ADP	April	PROPN	 April
In the 1950s, the young musicologist Joseph Kerman described Tosca as a " shabby little shocker. "; in response the conductor Thomas Beecham remarked that anything Kerman says about Puccini " can safely be ignored ". Writing half a century after the premiere, the veteran	veteran	ADJ	critic	NOUN	 critic
His Te Deum Laudamus, written to commemorate the end of the Boer War, was performed posthumously. A monument in the composer's memory featuring a weeping Muse was erected in the Victoria Embankment Gardens in London and is inscribed with Gilbert's words from The Yeomen of	of	ADP	the	DET	 the
If liquid water is present in Triton, it has been speculated that this could make it habitable for some form of life. Triton has a tenuous nitrogen atmosphere, with trace amounts of carbon monoxide and small amounts of methane near its surface. Like Pluto's atmosphere	atmosphere	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
This album's most successful song, " Wavin ' Flag ", was released throughout Europe and the US and became the theme song for the 2010 FIFA World Cup, giving the trio attention from the worldwide music industry. At this time they called the team The	The	DET	Smeezingtons	PROPN	 Smeezingtons
As the Cold War continued to intensify in 1947, Congress held a hearing at which the Hollywood Ten refused to testify about alleged involvement with the CPUSA, leading to their convictions for contempt of Congress in early 1948. The same year, Hoover instructed the Department of	of	ADP	Justice	PROPN	 Justice
Mob authors and journalists Anthony D. DeStefano and Selwyn Raab both consider the turning of so many made men as a factor in disillusioning Massino with Cosa Nostra, the former also assuming Massino had decided to flip " long before the verdict ". Massino was the first sitting	sitting	VERB	boss	NOUN	 boss
It was also depicted on the 1986 Birds of Canada series Canadian $2 note, but this note has since been withdrawn. Robin's egg blue is a color named after the bird's eggs. The American robin has a place in Native American mythology. The	The	DET	story	NOUN	 story
But crucially there was also her strength of character. So we kept away from frills and flounces. I wanted a definite look that was quite strong but also pretty at the same time. Jane was living on a working farm so her dress had to be practical	practical	ADJ	as	ADV	 as
At daybreak they climbed the Philip II Wall, which extends up the west side of the Rock, and killed the English sentries in the lookout point at Middle Hill. A drummer boy bringing food to the lookout saw the invaders and raised the alarm. Hesse had	had	AUX	anticipated	VERB	 anticipated
The presence of this control on numbers of the parasitic species may explain why birds are prepared to reuse old nests. Flying insects that parasitise common starlings include the louse fly Omithomya nigricornis and the saprophagous fly Camus hemapterus. The latter species breaks off the feathers of its	its	PRON	host	NOUN	 host
The early deposits formed a " proto Rainier " or an ancestral cone prior to the present day cone. The present cone is more than 500,000 years old. The volcano is highly eroded, with glaciers on its slopes, and appears to be made mostly of andesite	andesite	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
Inland flooding occurred along the James River as far west as Richmond, where damage was limited to downed trees and broken windows. The pier of the Jamestown Ferry was washed out in Surry and a marina at Jordan Point near Hopewell was wrecked after the river reached the	the	DET	highest	ADJ	 highest
William has the unusual distinction of having been Archbishop of York twice, both before and after his rival Henry Murdac. He was a relative of King Stephen of England, and the king helped secure FitzHerbert's election to York after a number of candidates had failed to	to	PART	secure	VERB	 secure
The rigors of drumming have led to five tendonitis operations. He soaks his hands in hot water before a concert, in ice afterward, and sleeps with tight gloves on. " Will further decided that Springsteen might endorse Ronald Reagan in the 1984 presidential campaign and talked	talked	VERB	to	ADP	 to
The anime special DVD will be bundled with limited edition of the 58th manga volume to be released on April 3, 2015. It was announced in Weekly Shōnen Jump's 8th issue of 2016 that the 65th and 66th volumes of the manga will be bundled with an	an	DET	original	ADJ	 original
After returning to the United States, he earned a master's degree in teaching, with a secondary science specialization from Fairleigh Dickinson University in 1982 and taught in the Poudre School District. He has also worked as an employment counselor for Larimer County, Colorado, and	and	CCONJ	as	ADP	 as
The segment was widely criticized for being biased against Burrows and failing to illustrate both sides of the argument. Burrows ' parents subsequently issued a formal letter of complaint to the CBC, accusing MacLean of " verbal assassination " and for displaying " no journalistic balance. "	"	PUNCT	The	DET	 The
Cortinarius violaceus is a rare component of subarctic areas of western Greenland. In Europe, it grows in deciduous woodland during autumn, especially among oak, birch and beech, but is also found on occasion with conifers. It is also occasionally known from treeless heathland,	,	PUNCT	where	SCONJ	 where
The President and his Attorney General both believed that public opinion opposed clemency and that releasing Debs could strengthen Wilson's opponents in the debate over the ratification of the peace treaty. Palmer proposed clemency in August and October 1920 without success. At one point, Wilson wrote	wrote	VERB	:	PUNCT	:
She had a beam of 31 meters (101 ft 8 in) and, at deep load, a draft of 8.08 meters (26 ft 6 in). She displaced 26,900 long tons (27,300 t) at standard load, and 34,364 long tons (34,920	34,920	NUM	t	NOUN	 t
Winter wrote that " [t] he repertoire of any current tap dancer contains elements which were established theatrically by him ". Dancer Mark Knowles has echoed this assertion, calling Juba " America's first real tap dancer ". Music historian Eileen Southern calls him the	the	DET	"	PUNCT	 "
He has a great eye. " Hollywood casting agents sought a wide variety of extras, ranging from teenage delinquents to mothers picking up her babies and children from day care, and other people commuting by bus to and from work. The video was desired to have	have	VERB	an	DET	 an
The National Pan Hellenic Council comprises 8 historically black organizations. Florida State University's Reserve Officer Training Corps is the official officer training and commissioning program at Florida State University. Dating back to Civil War days, the ROTC unit at Florida State University is one of four	four	NUM	collegiate	ADJ	 collegiate
Belfast remained in Hong Kong during 1949, sailing for Singapore on 18 January 1950. There she underwent a minor refit between January and March 1950 and in June she joined the Far East Fleet's summer cruise. On 25 June 1950, while Belfast was visiting Hakodate	Hakodate	PROPN	in	ADP	 in
At the time, Australian society at large was divided along Catholic Protestant lines, and while O'Reilly and McCabe were full of praise for Woodfull, they were later accused of leading a Catholic revolt against the leadership of the Protestant Bradman during a divisive period in the late	late	ADJ	1930s	NOUN	 1930s
Jon Dolan from Rolling Stone described the clip as a " revealingly down to earth tour " of the singer's hometown. Similar sentiments were offered by Sydette Harry from the website Salon who referred to the video as a " love letter " to Houston. Rob Markman	Markman	PROPN	writing	VERB	 writing
The single remaining building from the pre 1989 Block 37 architecture is an active Commonwealth Edison transformer building that distributes power to a great portion of the Loop. In 1988, Chicago Mayor Harold Washington approved a $24 million subsidy to FJV Venture to develop Block 37.	.	PUNCT	There	PRON	 There
At the same time, the Comstock Lode and other Western mining areas were producing record amounts of silver. With a depression still ongoing, silver began to be seen as a means of inflating the currency and stimulating the economy. Beginning in March 1876, former newspaper	newspaper	NOUN	editor	NOUN	 editor
This system had seen previous successful use on the LBSCR. Because the air compressor required extra space for installation, these conversions were confined to the long framed members of the class. A further four conversions to push pull capability appeared between 1960 – 62. This was	was	AUX	the	DET	 the
In this episode, Doggett is determined to find an error in the DNA evidence that freed the convicted Robert Fassl, the " Screwdriver Killer ", whom he nearly caught in the act 13 years earlier. In the end, it is revealed that Fassl has a	a	DET	mental	ADJ	 mental
He composed it in Köthen between 1717 and 1723 for Quinquagesima Sunday and performed it as an audition piece for the position of Thomaskantor in Leipzig on 7 February 1723. The Sunday was the last occasion for music at church before the quiet time of Lent. Bach had	had	VERB	at	ADP	 at
The 492 feet (150 m) tower was designed by Vincent Kling & Associates and completed in 1972. The building was demolished in 1999 as a result of damage of a fire that began on February 23, 1991. The fire began on the 22nd floor after	after	SCONJ	linseed	NOUN	 linseed
Clark set himself three initial goals in civilian life — to earn $40 million in the business world and practice philanthropy, to become an adjunct professor, and to become a professional golfer. Clark began a public speaking tour in the summer of 2000 and approached several	several	ADJ	former	ADJ	 former
Instead of releasing an album of brand new material, Gessle and Fredriksson re mastered older recordings, including several slated for but not included on Look Sharp! and Joyride. They also recorded some of their live performances, recorded a country music inspired version of " It	It	PRON	Must	AUX	 Must
To avoid this, Chen and Wu started a rebellion against Qin, known as the Dazexiang Uprising, but they were thwarted by the Qin general Zhang Han in 208 BCE; both Wu and Chen were subsequently assassinated by their own soldiers. Yet by this point others	others	NOUN	had	AUX	 had
Charlton continued to lead the attack despite mortal wounds until Chinese troops occupying it were destroyed, saving his platoon. For these actions, Charlton was awarded the medal. In the following years, Charlton was honored numerous times, but was controversially not given a spot in	in	ADP	Arlington	PROPN	 Arlington
The treatment involved taking around twenty eight injections into his hip. He returned to full training in late November and made his comeback on 15 December as a late substitute in a 1 – 0 defeat against Bristol City. However he went on to suffer another injury blow	blow	NOUN	just	ADV	 just
5 hit single " Out in the Fields ". Gary Moore died of a heart attack in Estepona, Spain on 6 February 2011, aged 58. After Moore's departure, Thin Lizzy continued the tour for a few nights as a trio before Lynott brought in	in	ADP	Midge	PROPN	 Midge
1305 – 7 July 1345) was a 14th century Bulgarian brigand and local ruler. Initially a member of a bandit gang in the borderlands of Bulgaria, Byzantium and Serbia, Momchil was recruited by the Byzantines as a mercenary. Through his opportunistic involvement in the Byzantine	Byzantine	ADJ	civil	ADJ	 civil
The 1998 study by Musser and colleagues also documented Oryzomys bolivaris as the correct name for the species previously known as Oryzomys bombycinus and reviewed that species. In 2006, Marcelo Weksler published a broad phylogenetic analysis of Oryzomyini, the tribe to which Oryzomys and related genera belong	belong	VERB	,	PUNCT	,
Stripped of his command, he was paraded through the streets draped in sheep's entrails while seated backwards on a jackass before suffering 500 bastinadoes. Enterprise's victory over Tripoli had very different consequences for the two nations involved. In Tripoli, the defeat, combined with	with	ADP	severity	NOUN	 severity
It received mixed reviews from music critics, with some considering the song the highlight from 20 Y.O. while others found it disappointing. " So Excited " performed poorly on the US Billboard Hot 100, reaching number 90, but managed to become Jackson's seventeenth number one	one	NUM	dance	NOUN	 dance
When first reported, Archaeomarasmius leggetti was the second extinct species of agaric fungus to be described, and it is the only species to be known from the New Jersey amber. Three species, Aureofungus yaniguaensis, Coprinites dominicana and Protomycena electra, have been described from the	the	DET	Miocene	PROPN	 Miocene
Nothing was ever proven against Ahmed, who later became a Bombay government official and was knighted in 1932. The effect of the row, in Hamilton's words, was " to put him [the Munshi] more into his humble place, and his influence will	will	AUX	not	PART	 not
Cochrane, Alasdair (2010). " Undignified bioethics ". Bioethics 24 (5): 234 – 241. doi: 10.1111 / j.1467 8519.2009.01781.x. PMID 20002071. Cochrane, Alasdair (2009). " Do animals have an interest in liberty? ". Political	Political	ADJ	Studies	PROPN	 Studies
Production was delayed by the outbreak of the First World War in 1914, and the first N class rolled out of Ashford Works in 1917, three years after design work was completed. The class replaced obsolete 0 6 0s as part of the SECR's fleet standardisation	standardisation	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
That night, the Karlovac Corps decided to move elements of the 110th Home Guard Regiment and the 104th Brigade to the Korana bridgehead, while the ARSK 13th Infantry Brigade retreated to the right bank of Korana in an area extending about 30 kilometres (19 miles) north	north	ADV	from	ADP	 from
He also established a modern school. The school taught subjects such as theology, music, grammar, geography, Armenian studies and history; the prominent novelist Raffi was briefly one of the teachers. The school produced its first graduates in 1862. During the Hamidian massacres	massacres	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
He then paraphrases a line from the book: " I like to keep things interesting. A wise man once told me that if you have to have an origin story, you're better off making it multiple choice ". In 2013 video game Injustice: Gods	Gods	NOUN	Among	ADP	 Among
Word of the upset spread as far as Iran, where the hostages were surprised to learn of the Buccaneers ' contention for the Super Bowl. Los Angeles Rams 9, Tampa Bay Buccaneers 0 at Tampa Stadium, Tampa, Florida TV announcers (CBS): Pat Summerall	Summerall	PROPN	and	CCONJ	 and
Upon both the release of Garbage, and of " Only Happy When It Rains " as a single, the song received a positive reception from music journalists. In reviews for the single release Patrick Brennan of Hot Press declared " Only Happy When It Rains " his	his	PRON	Single	PROPN	 Single
In 1911, he represented the Holy See at the coronation of King George V. Pacelli became the under secretary in 1911, adjunct secretary in 1912 (a position he received under Pope Pius X and retained under Pope Benedict XV), and secretary of the Department of	of	ADP	Extraordinary	PROPN	 Extraordinary
The album contains everything played at the concert, with the Final Fantasy suite split into three tracks, and the album is split at the intermission into two CDs. Its fourteen tracks have a duration of 1: 34: 56. While Dog Ear Records published the	the	DET	album	NOUN	 album
The major difference was the location and direction of the mortar (the M4's mortar was rear facing and was near the back, while the M21's mortar was front facing and was closer to the front). The mortar was able to traverse 30° either	either	CCONJ	side	NOUN	 side
Eminem joins Rihanna in front of the burning house for the final verse. Meanwhile, after the flashback, the woman comes home and locks herself in the bathroom to stop her abusive lover from entering. In another scene, the fire on her palms vanishes as she	she	PRON	clasps	VERB	 clasps
" In United States v. Sheldon (1817), decided after the war had ended, Barber was distinguished on the grounds that driving cattle on foot was not " transportation " within the meaning of the act. Neutrality Act of 1818 The Neutrality Act of 1818 provided	provided	VERB	the	DET	 the
Selected as the album's third single, a remix of " Free " with guest vocals from will.i.am, was released on 24 June 2011, with an accompanying visual being released ten days later. It obtained top 20 positions in Germany and Austria. A video for	for	ADP	"	PUNCT	 "
When pressed, she reveals that the rape resulted in a child, which she put up for adoption. The FBI tracks down the child, who turns out to have been B.J. ' s father, causing Mulder to surmise that B.J. is the killer and may be	be	AUX	operating	VERB	 operating
In late winter 1968 Spiegelman suffered a brief but intense nervous breakdown, which cut his university studies short. He has said that at the time he was taking LSD with great frequency. He spent a month in Binghamton State Mental Hospital, and shortly after he got	got	VERB	out	ADP	 out
Like The Two Gentlemen of Verona, in which two friends appear to approve of rape, the Shrew's story of the taming of a woman's independent spirit by a man sometimes troubles modern critics and directors. Shakespeare's early classical and Italianate comedies, containing tight	tight	ADJ	double	ADJ	 double
In 1936, he was promoted to group captain and took command of RAAF Station Laverton. Raised to air commodore soon after the outbreak of World War II, he became Air Member for Personnel in November 1940. One of his tasks was organising the newly established Women	Women	PROPN	's	PART	's
RFK must die. RFK must be killed. Robert F. Kennedy must be assassinated..... Robert F. Kennedy must be assassinated before 5 June 68. " It has been suggested that the date of the assassination is significant, because it was the first anniversary of the start	start	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
It was this incident that showed him " the fear of meeting a person I can't communicate with, " which is the feeling that he conveys through the Titans. When designing the appearances of the Titans, he uses several models such as martial artist Yushin Okami	Okami	PROPN	for	ADP	 for
Despite offers of about £115 million from a number of parties, the sale was later cancelled in November 2005. In April 2008, Boosey & Hawkes was bought by the Imagem Music Group. Today, partly due to the foresight or business acumen of Ralph Hawkes	Hawkes	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
Traversing the peninsula by this route takes hours and can be quite nerve wracking; this earned it the ire of the locals, who came up with a disparaging nickname that is a pun on the actual name: " the Don't go there Terrible Road " (	(	PUNCT	イクナ酷道	VERB	イクナ酷道
Nonetheless, San Diego was rated the fifth best place to live in the United States in 2006 by Money magazine. San Diego was named the ninth most LGBT friendly city in the U.S. in 2013. The city also has the seventh highest percentage of gay residents in	in	ADP	the	DET	 the
" In the end, the in game model of Cate Archer was styled after model and actress Mitzi Martin. This was a marketing decision made by the publisher, Fox Interactive, which used its feature film casting department to look for an appropriate model internationally. Archer	Archer	PROPN	's	PART	's
In support of their filings, the turnpike opponents alleged that OTA was illegally dumping material into waterways. OTA responded by producing U.S. Army Corps of Engineers (USACE) documentation showing that no illegal discharge had taken place, and that USACE had not issued any cease and	and	CCONJ	desist	VERB	 desist
A year later, the road was established in federal law, and it was surveyed by the end of 1825. Construction started in 1829, and the road was finished across Michigan in 1833. The northern Indian trail was established as an unnamed territorial road in 1829	1829	NUM	.	PUNCT	.
The filmmakers have clarified that the story is not officially or literally based on Smitha alone, but on many of her Southern contemporaries such as Disco Shanti. It also resembles the personal lives of other women in popular culture, including Hollywood actress and sex symbol Marilyn Monroe	Monroe	PROPN	.	PUNCT	.
There, he read more of Darwin's work and was influenced by the ideas of science and society in the writings of H. G. Wells. He enjoyed his time at university and spent much of his free time reading biology books in the library to feed his passion	passion	NOUN	for	ADP	 for
Production and filming were marred by internal disagreements between Eastwood and long time friend and producer Fritz Manes, as well as between Eastwood and the United States Department of Defense who expressed contempt for the film. At the time, the film was a commercial rather than a	a	DET	critical	ADJ	 critical
On June 18, 2007, the Comcast Center was topped out. The ceremony, which was held in the building's future plaza, featured the raising of a steel beam to the skyscraper's highest point. The beam was signed by workers and guests and as	as	SCONJ	it	PRON	 it
The offensive took place from three directions with light and heavy artillery and a large number of tanks and trucks converging. Three battalions of the 10th Herzegovinian Brigade intended to assemble near Prozor, but withdrew and escaped on 6 October before the arrival of the Italian – Chetnik	Chetnik	PROPN	forces	NOUN	 forces
He partnered Werner in the Mille Miglia and Le Mans endurance races in 1930; they finished sixth in the former but were forced to retire after leading for most of the race in the latter after their car's generator burnt out. Caracciola took victory in the 1930	1930	NUM	Irish	PROPN	 Irish
Spin had a similar sentiment: " Here, his three sidemen elevate [DeLonge's] emo tendencies to something grander and more timelessly romantic — though somewhat less exciting. Blender scrunitized the composition of the album as it contains the " duller " aspects of Blink 182	182	NUM	accompanied	VERB	 accompanied
The 10th Brigade had been made subordinate to the 4th Infantry Brigade, although Kippenberger remained in command of the forward troops of the brigade around the town of Galatas. For the next few days, he was instrumental in maintaining defensive discipline of the forward troops, most	most	ADJ	of	ADP	 of
" Elsewhere, Michael Dawson (Harold Perrineau) gets bothered by his son Walt Lloyd (Malcolm David Kelley) talking with the mysterious John Locke (Terry O'Quinn), and instructs his son to stay away from Locke. The marshall's moans of pain get worse	worse	ADJ	,	PUNCT	,
This is the approach used in the United Kingdom, in relation to decisions of the European Court of Human Rights, for example. But the court pointed out that this practice was usually done in relation to interpreting legislation, and in this case the court was being	being	AUX	asked	VERB	 asked
" In February 2009, Columbia Records announced the launch of a " Single Ladies " Dance Video Contest. Fans aged eighteen and older were invited to adhere precisely to the dance routine performed by Beyoncé and her two dancers in the original production. The winning video was	was	AUX	included	VERB	 included
US 410 was decommissioned after US 12 was extended over the majority of the highway in 1967, bypassing Olympia and Chinook Pass. A segment of former US 410 from Elma to Olympia became SR 8 and the Tacoma to Naches segment became SR 410. The highway was	was	AUX	later	ADV	 later
Harrison's wife Caroline began a critical struggle with tuberculosis earlier in 1892 and two weeks before the election, on October 25, it took her life. Their daughter Mary Harrison McKee assumed the role of First Lady after her mother's death. Mrs. Harrison's terminal	terminal	ADJ	illness	NOUN	 illness
International varieties such as pizza, sushi, Chinese food, Greek food, Indian cuisine and doner kebab are also popular and available, thanks to diverse ethnic communities. Bread is a significant part of German cuisine and German bakeries produce about 600 main types of bread and	and	CCONJ	1,200	NUM	 1,200
Native Americans were also often at war with neighboring tribes and allied with Europeans in their colonial wars. At the same time, however, many natives and settlers came to depend on each other. Settlers traded for food and animal pelts, natives for guns, ammunition	ammunition	NOUN	and	CCONJ	 and
The incident refreshed the public's memory of her past service and her economic woes. Representatives Clinton D. MacDougall of New York and Gerry W. Hazelton of Wisconsin introduced a bill (H.R. 2711 / 3786) providing that Tubman be paid " the sum of $2,000 for	for	ADP	services	NOUN	 services
Their Aston Villa reserves (or seconds) team enlisted in the army and were captured at the Dunkirk evacuation in June 1940. In December in an Eastern German camp, a German Guard regiment challenged British prisoners of war to a game of football; the guards were	were	AUX	being	AUX	 being
This reasoning has recently been challenged on the grounds that the deaths of poor and middle class people were not recorded, while the heat of the fire may have cremated many victims, leaving no recognisable remains. A melted piece of pottery on display at the Museum of	of	ADP	London	PROPN	 London
By May, Japage 3 was defunct, although the three continued to see each other socially, and Lennon and McCartney continued to write songs together. In the summer of 1959, Mona Best decided to open a club in her cellar, and offered the Les Stewart	Stewart	PROPN	Quartet	PROPN	 Quartet
Additional research seeks ways to boost the test scores and academic achievement of students in negatively stereotyped groups. In one study, teaching college women about stereotype threat and its effects on performance was sufficient to eliminate the predicted gender gap on a difficult math test. Making people	people	NOUN	aware	ADJ	 aware
For the villains ' cars, Lantieri selected a 1914 Ford Model T, a 1919 Ford Model T truck and a 1916 Saxon Model 14, fitting each with a Ford Pinto V6 engine. Sacks of dust were hung under the cars to create a dustier environment.	.	PUNCT	Spielberg	PROPN	 Spielberg
In an attempt to evade their attack, he quickly accelerated but his engine flamed out. He maneuvered his aircraft for the ocean for a potential water rescue if he crashed, but he was able to restart the engine and return to base. Jabara recorded his final	final	ADJ	victory	NOUN	 victory
While Vonnegut does use these elements, e.g. fragmentation and metafictional elements, in some of his works, he more distinctly focuses on the peril posed by individuals who find subjective truths, mistake them for objective truths, then proceed to impose these truths on others. Vonnegut	Vonnegut	PROPN	was	AUX	 was
From 9 to 25 January 2003, the Manitoba Theatre Centre, in Manitoba, Canada, held a nearly month long PinterFest, in which over 130 performances of twelve of Pinter's plays were performed by a dozen different theatre companies. Productions during the Festival included:	:	PUNCT	The	DET	 The
Using this information, Overton would fly in a racetrack pattern between the MiGs landing zones and the sun, preventing them from spotting him as they made their landing approaches. Overton would then fall in behind the formations of Soviet fighters as they began their landings, shooting	shooting	VERB	them	PRON	 them
There is a specific value of Dr for which the loss is a minimum and this turns out to be 3.6. For an air dielectric coax this corresponds to a characteristic impedance of 77 Ω. The coax produced during the war was rigid air insulated pipe, and this	this	PRON	remained	VERB	 remained
In order to win the match, one team must put a member of the other team through a table. Towards the end of the contest, Cor Von attempted to put Punk through the table with an Alpha Bomb, but Sandman hit Cor Von with a Singapore	Singapore	PROPN	cane	NOUN	 cane
By 25 September, the Jordanian army achieved dominance, and two days later Arafat and Hussein agreed to a ceasefire in Amman. The Jordanian army inflicted heavy casualties on the Palestinians — including civilians — who suffered approximately 3,500 fatalities. After repeated violations of the ceasefire from	from	ADP	both	CCONJ	 both
The guiding principle behind all three is based on the statement of Goff, LJ, who stated in Collins v Wilcock that " any person's body is inviolate ", excepting normal, day to day physical contact. Trespass to goods is defined as " wrongful physical	physical	ADJ	interference	NOUN	 interference
On April 24, after Kurt defeated Rockstar Spud in a match, EC3 attacked Angle but Willow made the save. At Sacrifice Willow and Kurt Angle defeated Ethan Carter III and Rockstar Spud. In May, Angle underwent ACL repair surgery and was sidelined. On June	June	PROPN	20	NUM	 20
Rivera instructed Ramírez to use his fastball more and save his changeup for key situations. Ramírez started the 2008 season in Scranton / Wilkes Barre. He was recalled from Class AAA on April 18, 2008, but was optioned back a day later. He was called	called	VERB	up	ADP	 up
But fundamentally, no, I don't think we're a show that will be doing a lot of jumping back in time despite the single horde of calls for the ' Walter's Grandfather Nazi Hunting ' series. I think not, but it was fun to	to	PART	do	VERB	 do
Barges of up to 40 tons could reach Winsford, and boats called Weaver flats were the predominant vessels. These either sailed up the river, or were bow hauled by teams of men. The navigation was not initially profitable, and the amount of money owing to	to	ADP	the	DET	 the
He returned to military duty that autumn and went to Washington to await his next assignment. During this period of idleness, a rumor of an extra marital affair caused friction in the Garfield marriage until Lucretia eventually chose to overlook it. Garfield repeatedly received tentative assignments that	that	PRON	were	AUX	 were
" Author Reebee Garofalo agreed, and expressed the opinion that the line " We're saving our own lives " was a " distasteful element of self indulgence ". He asserted that the artists of USA for Africa were proclaiming " their own salvation for singing about an	an	DET	issue	NOUN	 issue
As part of SPAB's campaign, Morris tried to build connections with art and antiquarian societies and the custodians of old buildings, and also contacted the press to highlight his cause. He was particularly strong in denouncing the ongoing restoration of Tewkesbury Abbey and was vociferous in	in	ADP	denouncing	VERB	 denouncing
When I put him in the first team, he never lets me down. I value Jerry's professionalism and for as long as I remain manager of Birmingham, there will always be a place for him here. Gill signed a two and a half year contract	contract	NOUN	in	ADP	 in
In 1939, to escape the war and Nazi persecution of the Jews, Szigeti emigrated with his wife to the United States, where they settled in California. (A year later, Bartók also fled to America, and just two days after his arrival, he	he	PRON	and	CCONJ	 and
It is believed that this substructure was in use at the same time as Olmec sculpture was being produced both at Takalik Abaj and at La Venta in the Olmec heartland of Veracruz in Mexico. Structure 7A is a small structure sitting on top of the northern part of	of	ADP	Structure	PROPN	 Structure
Governor Jones entered into a consent decree to ameliorate the situation, but his term expired before he could meaningfully address the terms of the decree. Patton went beyond the terms of the decree by implementing mandatory training for state employees who dealt with juvenile offenders, and by	by	ADP	setting	VERB	 setting
Bottlenose dolphins have the second largest encephalization levels of any mammal on Earth (humans have the largest), sharing close ratios with those of humans and other great apes, which more than likely attributes to their incredibly high intelligence and emotional intelligence. Scientists were long aware	aware	ADJ	that	SCONJ	 that
Mistakenly believing that Jenova and he were Cetra, he was driven insane and destroyed Nibelheim as an act of vengeance on the normal human population. Cloud and Tifa confronted Sephiroth during the massacre, after which Sephiroth vanished, presumed dead until his reappearance in the present day	day	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
In 1957, the animation company Belvision Studios produced a string of colour adaptations based on Hergé's original comics, adapting eight of the Adventures into a series of daily five minute episodes. The Shooting Star was the sixth to be adapted in the second animated series;	;	PUNCT	it	PRON	 it
" A memo submitted by the prosecution in February 2011 cited Guandique's harassment of female staff in prison, including soliciting a nurse and masturbating in front of guards. Assistant U.S. Attorney Fernando Campoamor Sanchez disclosed that he had traveled to El Salvador with a detective to investigate	investigate	VERB	allegations	NOUN	 allegations
After he became an established actor and had changed his name to David, he was arrested, in 1967, for possession of marijuana. At the height of his popularity in Kung Fu, in 1974, Carradine was arrested again, this time for attempted burglary and	and	CCONJ	malicious	ADJ	 malicious
The mansion, abandoned due to rising costs, was demolished in 1972, allowing Wallingford Castle to be declared a scheduled monument as well as a Grade I listed building. The castle grounds, including the remains of St Nicholas College, two sections of castle wall and	and	CCONJ	the	DET	 the
The most critical period of the fighting in the east occurred when the NK 15th Division broke through the ROK 8th Division to Yongch ' on. The North Korean division attempted to turn east and southeast and take Task Force Jackson in the rear or on its left flank	flank	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
Early in the film, the four man SEAL reconnaissance team is discovered by three goat herders — an elderly man and two teenage boys. In fact, Marcus Luttrell wrote in his book that only one of the goat herders was a teenage boy, not two.	.	PUNCT	Also	ADV	 Also
More recently, the source code has been transcribed into a Spacewar! Java applet, and on the 40th anniversary in 2002, the creators of Spacewar! were interviewed by the New York Times. Edward Fredkin, at one time at BBN Technologies (BBN) (	(	PUNCT	Digital	PROPN	Digital
Police later found the abandoned car on Kingston Avenue, about four blocks from where the shooting occurred. Timoshenko was rushed to Kings County Hospital Center once medical personnel arrived at the scene. Each of the two bullets that struck Timoshenko cut across his spinal cord, just	just	ADV	beneath	ADP	 beneath
Despite this transition, the chapel still has a place in the continuing traditions of the university. Since 1876, graduating classes would have a stone on the exterior of the chapel carved with their class year. Early classes chose the stone while today, new classes engrave	engrave	VERB	stones	NOUN	 stones
The Cypress Hills Interprovincial Park features Fort Walsh and the highest elevation of Saskatchewan. Cypress Hills is accessed just 62 kilometres south west of Highway 1. This area is known for its rolling with some steep hills and ravines. Piapot Creek, Bear Creek and Skull Creek	Creek	PROPN	are	AUX	 are
This phenomenon is known as an inversion and can cause mountaintops to be warmer than the valleys below. Inversions can lead to the formation of fog and often act as a cap that suppresses thunderstorm development. On local scales, temperature differences can occur because different surfaces (	(	PUNCT	such	ADJ	such
In the town of Nullagine, 120 residents were evacuated to the town's police station, as heavy rain caused flooding. Flooding of the De Grey and Oakover Rivers led to the town being segmented into 4 sections. As the system passed near the Yarrie mine 200	200	NUM	workers	NOUN	 workers
But Brooks admits that it is very difficult to point to any specific contribution that he made to the reform, and Robertson questions Dunstan's importance: " At the present time it would be unwise to give a definitive answer to the question whether Dunstan's role as	as	ADP	the	DET	 the
At that time Despot Michael had briefly captured from Serbia the city of Skadar, which is only about 20 km (12 mi) east of the church. Jovan Vladimir was mentioned as the patron saint of Dyrrhachium in a Greek liturgical text. In 1368 Dyrrhachium was	was	AUX	taken	VERB	 taken
Needham asserts Shen had discovered the survey device known as Jacob's staff, which was not described elsewhere until the Provençal Jewish mathematician Levi ben Gerson (1288 – 1344) wrote of it in 1321. Shen wrote that while viewing the whole of a mountain, the	the	DET	distance	NOUN	 distance
" A welcome return " was how it was described by Robert Lloyd from the Los Angeles Times who asserted its " pleasures are all in the predictable eccentricities of its characters, and the fact that it's clearly being staged for our benefit. " Ted Cox of	of	ADP	the	DET	 the
The monastery also serves as the mother house for the Woodside Priory School and the abbot serves as the spiritual father for the monks who live there. Saint Anselm Abbey is a member of the American Cassinese Congregation of the Benedictine Confederation. Saint Anselm Abbey was originally founded	founded	VERB	from	ADP	 from
The Blue Devils were invited to play in the Belk Bowl in Charlotte, but lost to Big East Conference co champion the Cincinnati Bearcats 48 – 34. In 2013, the team posted a school record 10 wins including wins over # 14 Virginia Tech and # 23	23	NUM	Miami	PROPN	 Miami
The release was accompanied by a trade advertisement that reflected the emotion conveyed in " Deep Blue ", of someone watching a loved one " waste away ", Spizer writes; in this case, the image depicted a mother attempting to comfort her starving child. The	The	DET	B	PROPN	 B
The first dose of vaccine should be given to infants between 6 and 15 weeks of age. The oral cholera vaccine has been found to be 50 – 60% effective over 2 years. Gastroenteritis is usually an acute and self limiting disease that does not require medication	medication	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
Born in Adelaide, South Australia, he enlisted in the Australian Imperial Force in 1916 for service in the First World War and was posted to the 46th Battalion on the Western Front. During November 1916, he was accepted for a transfer to the Royal Flying Corps	Corps	PROPN	and	CCONJ	 and
Guilty Pleasure was eventually released in June 2009. Described by Tisdale as a " rocker and edgier " album, it debuted at number 12 on the Billboard 200, selling 25,000 copies in the first week; this was significantly lower than the first week sales for her	her	PRON	previous	ADJ	 previous
During one of the king's bouts of madness in 1788, George mistook a pillow for Octavius, who by that time had been dead for five years. Several portraits of Octavius survive. Five portraits of him alone and one with his brother Alfred are housed in	in	ADP	the	DET	 the
The second series also contained six episodes. " La Couchette " follows a group of passengers on a French sleeper carriage, while " The 12 Days of Christine " tells the story of a young woman's life. " The Trial of Elizabeth Gadge " is a	a	DET	period	NOUN	 period
The game also gained notoriety for the near drowning of Winnipeg's Buddy Tinsley, who was found face down in a large puddle, apparently unconscious. Tinsley later said that he had not lost consciousness, but his leg had gone numb from a hard hit to a	a	DET	preexisting	VERB	 preexisting
Strang never claimed to be the king of Beaver Island itself, nor of any other geographical entity. Rather, he claimed to be king over his church, which he saw as the true " Kingdom of God " prophesied in Scripture and destined to spread over all	all	DET	the	DET	 the
Returning to the challenge of the East Building of the US National Gallery, Pei worked to combine a modernist approach with a classical main structure. He described the glass cylinder addition as a " beacon ", and topped it with a glass roof to allow plentiful sunlight	sunlight	NOUN	inside	ADV	 inside
The Novellae, a collection of new laws issued during Justinian's reign, supplements the Corpus. As opposed to the rest of the corpus, the Novellae appeared in Greek, the common language of the Eastern Empire. The Corpus forms the basis of Latin jurisprudence (	(	PUNCT	including	VERB	including
During this period Erhard moved frequently to different parts of the US as dictated by the demands of the job, finally settling in San Francisco. When Parents Magazine was sold to the Time Life group, he was recruited by the Grolier Society as Divisional Manager. According	According	VERB	to	ADP	 to
The cut was the largest on the route, with a depth of 110 feet (34 m). Reservoir Summit, also called Reservoir Hill, is 3,883 feet (1,184 m) above sea level. The Reservoir Summit Café was a popular high class restaurant on	on	ADP	the	DET	 the
The process is chiefly intended to be an easy method of avoiding buildings... He is perfectly confident that he will prove successful in travelling amongst the regions of the clouds, and, if so it will prove an agreeable variety after the many failures we have had.	.	PUNCT	In	ADP	 In
After this, Phoenix competed only sporadically for a few months, including a tag team match at WrestleMania XXVIII, where she and Eve Torres were defeated by Kelly Kelly and Maria Menounos. On the April 6 episode of SmackDown, Phoenix lost to Nikki Bella in a	a	DET	non	ADJ	 non
Brosnan officially announced he was stepping down in February 2004. At one point, producer Michael G. Wilson claimed there was a list of over 200 names being considered for his replacement. Croatian actor Goran Višnjić auditioned for the role the same day as Craig, but was	was	AUX	reportedly	ADV	 reportedly
He did not wish to repeat himself. Morell continued to act successfully on television throughout the decade, with guest roles in episodes of series such as The Avengers (1963 and 1965), Danger Man (1965), Doctor Who (" The Massacre of St	St	PROPN	Bartholomew	PROPN	 Bartholomew
The last martyrs before Galerius's edict of toleration were executed on March 5 and 7. Then the executions stopped. Eusebius does not explain this sudden halt, but it coincides with the replacement of Firmilianus with Valentinianus, a man appointed at some time before Galerius's	's	PART	death	NOUN	 death
The CM 10 (Chemistry and Metallurgy) group at Los Alamos also studied how the active material could be chemically recovered after a contained or failed explosion. Because there would be only one chance to carry out the test correctly, Bainbridge decided that a rehearsal be carried	carried	VERB	out	ADP	 out
On 30 March at 16: 30 the torpedoes from MTB 74, which were on a delayed fuse setting, exploded at the old entrance into the basin. This raised alarms among the Germans. The Organisation Todt workers ran away from the dock area. German guards	guards	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
At the US Open, Murray entered a Grand Slam tournament as defending champion for the first time, and started strongly with a straight sets win against Michaël Llodra. He backed this up with wins over Leonardo Mayer, Florian Mayer and Denis Istomin to reach the quarterfinals	quarterfinals	NOUN	at	ADP	 at
Bird later recalled that he clashed with executives who wished to add characters, such as a sidekick dog, set the film in the present day, and include a soundtrack of hip hop. This was due to concerns that the film was not merchandisable, to which	which	PRON	Bird	PROPN	 Bird
But after her father refused to let her appear in movies, a Japanese American (who could not speak any Eskimo) was cast in the role instead. According to Brower, this woman's Eskimo was so bad that it was unintelligible. Dortuk, Elik,	,	PUNCT	Kemasuk	PROPN	 Kemasuk
Edward doted on his grandchildren, and indulged them, to the consternation of their governesses. However, there was one relation whom Edward did not like: Wilhelm II. Edward's difficult relationship with his nephew exacerbated the tensions between Germany and Britain. In April 1908	1908	NUM	,	PUNCT	,
The album was recorded in July 1993 and released in December later that year. Quique is a predominantly instrumental recording that is a mixture of both electronic and rock music. Guitarist Mark Clifford worked continuously on tracks while other members either completed them or provided component ideas.	.	PUNCT	The	DET	 The
Shawn Sparks of Game Revolution similarly praised the improved graphics, noting that smooth frame rate and sharper graphics brought out the original PlayStation's power despite nearing the end of its lifespan. Sparks hailed the graphics as " eye candy " and said that the levels are "	"	PUNCT	a	DET	 a
Each time he asks, the answer is the same: " Yeezy taught me. ". Andy Gill of The Independent commented that a similar " alliance of aristocratic piano and cello with less rarefied elements underpins ' Blame Game ', a brutal rumination on West's	's	PART	sexual	ADJ	 sexual
He scored his first international goal in a 2 – 1 qualifying victory over Austria at Hampden Park, his first game as captain. This game was followed by two victories over Cyprus and a 1 – 1 draw with West Germany, however a 3 – 2 defeat	defeat	NOUN	to	ADP	 to
Examples of limited access programs include The Florida State University Film School, the College of Communication and Information, the College of Nursing, Computer Science, most of the majors in the College of Education, several majors in the College of Visual Arts, Theatre and Dance	Dance	PROPN	and	CCONJ	 and
The Congress appointed a new president, Eduardo Duhalde, who completed the term of office of De la Rúa. Rodríguez Saá ran for the 2003 and 2015 presidential elections but did not win. Rodríguez Saá was born to an important political family in San Luis. The	The	DET	Rodriguez	PROPN	 Rodriguez
Later court hearings and witness interviews did not include either " Mr. Lennon " or the " combat stance " description. Chapman has said he does not remember calling out to Lennon before he fired, but he claimed to have taken a " combat stance " in a	a	DET	1992	NUM	 1992
In this first appearance, Randy is identified only as the South Park geologist, and it is only in the episode " An Elephant Makes Love to a Pig " that he is first introduced as Stan's father. Parker, who provides the voice of Randy Marsh	Marsh	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
Monson has received four honorary doctorate degrees, as well as the Boy Scouts of America's Silver Buffalo and the World Organization of the Scout Movement's Bronze Wolf — both awards the highest given in each organization. Monson is a member of the National Executive Board of	of	ADP	the	DET	 the
In 1976, TSR moved out of Gygax's house into its first professional home, known as " The Dungeon Hobby Shop ". In 1977, a new version of D & D, Advanced Dungeons & Dragons (AD & D), was first published.	.	PUNCT	The	DET	 The
It received mixed reviews from critics, and earning $64 million in the United States and $180 million worldwide. It was the 23rd most successful film worldwide for 2006. The film was nominated for five awards, and also won the Golden Reel Award. On	On	ADP	Mardi	PROPN	 Mardi
On the other, he must try as best he can to put into concrete form what that will is, not by slavishly following the words, but by trying honestly to say what was the underlying purpose expressed. When war broke out in Europe in 1939,	,	PUNCT	Learned	PROPN	 Learned
On February 2, 2013, the center hosted a celebration to commemorate the completion and grand opening of its new facility. The 11,750 square foot building, located at its original site on Southeast 52nd Avenue in Portland's Creston Kenilworth neighborhood, cost $4.5 million and	and	CCONJ	was	AUX	 was
The movie was also broadcast four times, producing a total viewership of 14 million; it was placed on the top 10 spot of Nielsen VideoScan children's non theatrical DVD charts. The song " Crazy Car " was downloaded more than 100,000 times on iTunes; and	and	CCONJ	it	PRON	 it
Jamaican dancehall singer Althea Hewitt released a reggae cover of " If I Were a Boy " to iTunes Stores on December 19, 2008. Nicole Sullivan and Tisha Campbell Martin covered " If I Were a Boy " during the episode " The Shape of Things to Come	Come	VERB	"	PUNCT	 "
The rest of the book follows the basic pattern of the earlier works, with chapters on soups, fish, meat, vegetables and sweets, with the addition of extra subjects relevant to Italian food, pasta asciuta, ravioli and gnocchi, rice, and Italian wine	wine	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
These elements can be then identified simply based on their elution position / time, using α hydroxyisobutyrate solution (α HIB), for example, as eluant. Separation of the 3 + actinides can also be achieved by solvent extraction chromatography, using bis- (2 ethylhexyl	ethylhexyl	PROPN	)	PUNCT	)
Although Berlin initially wrote " Oh! How I Hate to Get Up in the Morning " without commercial intent, it eventually appeared in three different Broadway shows, including Ziegfeld Follies of 1918, and the film This Is the Army. More than any other Irving Berlin	Berlin	PROPN	song	NOUN	 song
Burnett worked on Pausch's virtual reality team while at the University of Virginia, and Pausch helped Burnett to try achieve this dream. When Pausch moved to Carnegie Mellon, his entire team moved with him except Burnett, who had been offered a job by Lucasfilm (	(	PUNCT	the	DET	the
There was no attempt at systematic attempt by the artillery to cut the wire; the leading units were to cut it by hand or carry some way of crossing or bridging it. The artillery was organised by weight and targets: heavy artillery was employed in counter battery	battery	NOUN	fire	NOUN	 fire
" David Hinckley of The New York Daily News said that there were " a lot of former boyfriend gags that are, once again, well formulated " in this episode and that " They work. " Hinckley also wrote that " the real reason [" Subway	Subway	PROPN	Hero	PROPN	 Hero
During the first month of operations 16 stations were established, with positions set up along the Papuan coast as well as in the mountains near Port Moresby. They often operated behind Japanese lines and were at risk of being captured by the Japanese due to the nature of	of	ADP	their	PRON	 their
This mission is regarded as the first naval air operation in military history and was widely commented upon in the press, both Greek and international. Meanwhile, the Hellenic Navy, in the process of setting up its air arm, bought a fleet of Sopwith Gunbus seaplanes	seaplanes	NOUN	(	PUNCT	 (
According to the friars, Our patron, St. Maximilian Kolbe, inspires us with his unique Mariology and apostolic mission, which is to bring all souls to the Sacred Heart of Christ through the Immaculate Heart of Mary, Christ's most pure, efficient, and holy	holy	ADJ	instrument	NOUN	 instrument
Olaniyan recorded 2.5 sacks and forced a fumble (that was recovered by DaQuan Jones), and this was his first career Big Ten Player of the Week accolade. ESPN named the game the best of the season's first half, and Robinson's catch late in	in	ADP	regulation	NOUN	 regulation
The Folsom party followed the Yellowstone River to Yellowstone Lake. The members of the Folsom party kept a journal and based on the information it reported, a party of Montana residents organized the Washburn Langford Doane Expedition in 1870. It was headed by the surveyor general of	of	ADP	Montana	PROPN	 Montana
The beliefs and rituals surrounding these gods formed the core of ancient Egyptian religion, which emerged sometime in prehistory. Deities represented natural forces and phenomena, and the Egyptians supported and appeased them through offerings and rituals so that these forces would continue to function according to maat	maat	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
The match was the first cup final to be broadcast on the radio by the BBC, as well as nearly 93,000 fans inside the stadium. The phrase " back to square one " was created during the broadcast; square one was the term used to describe an	an	DET	area	NOUN	 area
Simonds had arranged several methods for the columns to maintain direction, some vehicles were fitted with radio direction finders, the artillery fired target marking shells, Bofors 40 mm guns fired bursts of tracer in the direction of advance. In spite of all these measures, there	there	PRON	was	VERB	 was
The duo also included elements of their tracks " Rock ' n Roll ", " Human After All ", as well as one of Bangalter's side projects, " Together ". Daft Punk performed at the 56th Grammy Awards ceremony on 26 January 2014. The	The	DET	duo	NOUN	 duo
Karl Marx: Did he get it all Right? by Philip Collins, The Times, 21 October 2008 Karl Marx, Ernest Mandel Liberalism, Marxism and The State, by Ralph Raico Marx, Mao and mathematics: the politics of infinitesimals, by Joseph Dauben Marxism	Marxism	PROPN	and	CCONJ	 and
The two gates into the city, Mdina Gate and Greeks Gate, are located within the curtain walls of the land front. Remains of the medieval double walls as well as the 18th century Torre dello Standardo are located just within the city walls. The land front	front	NOUN	is	AUX	 is
The theory of general relativity predicts that a sufficiently compact mass can deform spacetime to form a black hole. The boundary of the region from which no escape is possible is called the event horizon. Although crossing the event horizon has enormous effect on the fate of the	the	DET	object	NOUN	 object
Ordered by the Weimar government for the Reichsmarine, she was laid down at the Deutsche Werke shipyard in Kiel in February 1929 and completed by April 1933. Originally classified as an armored ship (Panzerschiff) by the Reichsmarine, in February 1940 the Germans reclassified the remaining	remaining	VERB	two	NUM	 two
Behind the patriarch's alcove is another chamber, the centre of which is a statue of the bodhisattva Ksitigarbha. Instead of being depicted with the typical staff with six rings around it — representing the six realms of existence — Ksitigarbha is shown with a " wish granting	granting	VERB	gem	NOUN	 gem
The Kampung Boy is an autobiography. Its author, Lat, grew up in a kampung and moved to the city after graduating from high school. He worked there as a crime reporter and drew cartoons to supplement his income — a hobby he had started at the	the	DET	age	NOUN	 age
Despite this, President Lincoln was displeased with McClellan's failure to pursue Lee and replaced him with Maj. Gen. Ambrose Burnside. During November 1862, Burnside proceeded to gather the Army of the Potomac in Falmouth, Virginia, preparing to assault Lee's army across the	the	DET	Rappahannock	PROPN	 Rappahannock
The titles are among the Top 20 rated DS games in the site's database. Japanese gaming magazine Famitsu awarded the games a composite score of 37 out of 40 based on four individual reviews, of which the ratings were 9, 10, 9, and 9	9	NUM	.	PUNCT	.
Two weeks later, Maryland was beaten by Clemson, which scored 21 points in the fourth quarter to win, 24 – 11. With the loss, Maryland slid to a 1 – 7 record, and Lester said he was giving serious consideration to stepping down before	before	ADP	the	DET	 the
Also included as an enhanced element was the video for " High ". The album caused many critics to label the band " The UK's answer to the Smashing Pumpkins ", and also draw comparisons to The Pixies and Talk Talk. In early 1998, following	following	VERB	the	DET	 the
Directly adjacent to the Student Union Building is the School of Music, home of the Texas Tech Goin ' Band from Raiderland. The 450 member band, which was awarded the Sudler Trophy in 1999, performs at all home football games and at various other events.	.	PUNCT	Approximately	ADV	 Approximately
Betty takes a job in a rival pub, and returns only when Annie apologises. Betty becomes close friends with fellow barmaid Bet Lynch (Julie Goodyear), who on occasion lodges with her, uses Betty as a chaperone on dates, and frequently seeks her advice	advice	NOUN	in	ADP	 in
" was officially released on Coldplay's website on 26 September 2008. It features a live performance of the song at United Center in Chicago, Illinois. It shows views of different members of the band playing the song and Chris Martin actively moving around stage while singing	singing	VERB	.	PUNCT	.
The Siliwangi Division's long march was the subject of another film, Mereka Kembali (They Return) in 1972. Directed by Nawi Ismail, it starred Sandy Suwardi Hassan, Rahayu Effendi, Rina Hasyim, and Aedy Moward. Mereka Kembali won a single award,	,	PUNCT	Runner	PROPN	 Runner
Pygmy slow lorises are doing better, with 100 specimens reported from zoos worldwide in 2011. In North American zoos, for instance, the population has grown to 74 animals between the time they were imported in the late 1980s and 2008, with most of them born	born	VERB	at	ADP	 at
" While Suleiman was campaigning in Hungary, Turkmen tribes in central Anatolia revolted under the leadership of Kalender Çelebi. Some Hungarian nobles proposed that Ferdinand, who was ruler of neighboring Austria and tied to Louis II's family by marriage, be King of Hungary, citing	citing	VERB	previous	ADJ	 previous
Although the 1906 San Francisco earthquake and fire caused a momentary setback to these plans, it actually sparked additional fundraising. Many of the wealthiest in California gave financial support, the state matched private donations dollar for dollar, and in 1911, President William Howard Taft selected	selected	VERB	San	PROPN	 San
After a six month evaluation, BK dropped Ayer in favor of a two way combination of D ' Arcy Masius Benton & Bowles (DMB & B) for overall programs and Saatchi & Saatchi for specific advertising programs such as the introduction of new products. The company	company	NOUN	hoped	VERB	 hoped
The ejected material will contain the helium and carbon produced by the Sun's nuclear reactions, continuing the enrichment of the interstellar medium with heavy elements for future generations of stars. This is a relatively peaceful event, nothing akin to a supernova, which the Sun is	is	AUX	too	ADV	 too
His young son came to the throne as James III, resulting in another minority, with Robert, Lord Boyd emerging as the most important figure. In 1468 James married Margaret of Denmark, receiving the Orkney and the Shetland Islands in payment of her dowry. In	In	ADP	1469	NUM	 1469
Some buildings on the street adjoining Quay Lane were demolished in 1892 and much of the entire street was intended for demolition as recently as the 1950s, until intervention from the Society for the Protection of Ancient Buildings. Local people began a determined fight to restore and preserve	preserve	VERB	the	DET	 the
Writing for The New York Times, Ben Kenigsberg noted that the film " mines every chemical drip and gurgle for suspense. " Rotten Tomatoes, a review aggregator, rated it 58% fresh based on a total of 12 critic reviews while the public audience gave the	the	DET	film	NOUN	 film
Robert Christgau, writing in The Village Voice, described the Strokes as " a great groove band ", and noted that " the beats implode, clashing / resolving with punky brevity and gnarly faux simplicity ". In a perfect 10 review, NME reviewer John Robinson	Robinson	PROPN	indicated	VERB	 indicated
The Hokies never threatened to score again and Alabama won its opener, 34 – 24. Ingram led the Tide with 150 yards rushing on 26 carries and a pair of touchdowns, and he was named the SEC Offensive Player of the Week. The victory improved Alabama	Alabama	PROPN	's	PART	's
Another major issue of concern was the language of liturgy: since the conversion of the Slavs by Cyril and Methodius in the previous century, the Slavic church was accustomed to use Slavonic rather than Latin for its church services. The Historia Salonitana, whose composition may have	have	AUX	begun	VERB	 begun
" She Shoulda Said ' No '! " was not well received critically upon its initial release, with The New York Times saying " [n] ever did vice seem so devoid of enchantment. " Production and distribution of drug films slowed considerably following the film	film	NOUN	's	PART	's
After the birth of her son, Aguilera stated in an interview with Ryan Seacrest that her forthcoming album would include a totally new aspect of herself as an artist, because of the pregnancy with her son. During an interview with People in 2008, Aguilera stated that	that	SCONJ	she	PRON	 she
It is a 30 feet (9.1 m) by 24 feet (7.3 m) one and a half story clapboarded building with a gambrel roof. The interior has a single brick chimney that was used for the forge, but it has been modified and adapted for	for	ADP	modern	ADJ	 modern
From October to December 1963, she made a tour of Tucumán, Bahía Blanca, Córdoba, Mendoza, Rosario and Montevideo. By June 1964, she had started a theatrical season in Chile with " Los millones de Orofino ", to critical acclaim. Directed by	by	ADP	Enrique	PROPN	 Enrique
497 / 6 – winter 406 / 5 BC) is one of three ancient Greek tragedians whose plays have survived. His first plays were written later than those of Aeschylus, and earlier than or contemporary with those of Euripides. Sophocles wrote 120 plays during the course	course	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
Some 355 copper alloys were proven to kill more than 99.9% of disease causing bacteria within just two hours when cleaned regularly. The United States Environmental Protection Agency (EPA) has approved the registrations of these copper alloys as " antimicrobial materials with public health benefits "	"	PUNCT	;	PUNCT	;
The decision making powers of the executive committee cover, in particular, the awarding of contracts or grants, the management of human and financial resources, supplies and buildings. It may also be assigned further powers by the city council. Standing committees are the prime instruments	instruments	NOUN	for	ADP	 for
The tournament was the first to use a new format that required top 16 players to compete in qualifiers. Between August 2013 and January 2014, Murphy lost 3 stones (42 pounds or 19 kg) in weight, due to a new diet and fitness regime.	.	PUNCT	He	PRON	 He
By the mid 1860s a deep rift had developed between Irataba, who was proactive in cooperating with white settlers, and Homoseh quahote, who passively tolerated but did not approve of white encroachment on Mohave lands. Irataba was Aha macave yaltanack of the Mohave from 1861 to	to	ADP	1866	NUM	 1866
By the end of the 2002 – 03 season he had become a vital member of the side that won the Division One title, winning the Portsmouth fans ' player of the season as well as the PFA accolade for Division One. He scored once that season for	for	ADP	Portsmouth	PROPN	 Portsmouth
In the 1920 version, Asta Nielsen played the role of Hamlet as a woman who spends her life disguised as a man. Laurence Olivier's 1948 moody black and white Hamlet won best picture and best actor Oscars, and is still, as of 2015, the	the	DET	only	ADJ	 only
When the lake first opened there were four Woolf compound rotative beam pumping engines, housed in two separate buildings. They were built by Glenfield & Kennedy of Kilmarnock between 1900 and 1905. The engine's beam is 34 ft (10.36 m) long and weighs 17	17	NUM	tons	NOUN	 tons
The ship was designed by the British Royal Navy Captain Cowper Coles and built by the Samuda Brothers shipyard in Cubitt Town, London as a speculative effort; Prussia purchased the ship during the Second Schleswig War against Denmark, though the vessel was not delivered until after the	the	DET	war	NOUN	 war
National Rail services link the Altrincham and Navigation Road stations with Chester via Northwich, and with Manchester via Stockport. Altrincham Interchange, next to the railway station, is a hub for local bus routes. Manchester Airport, the largest in the UK outside London, is	is	AUX	5	NUM	 5
However, others disagree that the similarity of form demonstrates cultural linkages — Karen Olsen Bruhns states that " this sort of contact... seems mainly in the (muddled) eye of the synthesizer ". However, other linkages between Western Mexico and northwestern South America have been	been	AUX	proposed	VERB	 proposed
Afterwards, the fake Prem is shown being beaten by all the present ladies. Then, the real Prem, who was secretly watching the comic skit, comes in and hits Nisha's bum again with a marigold flower. Following this, Prem jumps off the balcony	balcony	NOUN	and	CCONJ	 and
The fate of the reconnaissance platoon was not immediately known to Croatian authorities or relatives of the troops for months, adding fuel to an already volatile atmosphere in the city of Bjelovar, where the 105th Brigade was originally based. This tension erupted a week later, with	with	ADP	the	DET	 the
Although Time magazine named Rowling as a runner up for its 2007 Person of the Year award, noting the social, moral, and political inspiration she has given her fandom, cultural comments on the series have been mixed. Washington Post book critic Ron Charles opined in	in	ADP	July	PROPN	 July
The trial ended on April 7, when the panel ruled that 351 of 387 disputed absentee ballots were incorrectly rejected and ordered them counted. Counting those ballots raised Franken's lead to 312 votes. Coleman appealed to the Minnesota Supreme Court on April 20. On April	April	PROPN	24	NUM	 24
In the meantime, the Council deposed John XXIII on May 29, 1415 and elected Pope Martin V on November 11, 1417; Martin V proceeded to Florence in February 1419. Cossa was ransomed by the Republic of Florence in 1419 (Louis III had abandoned the	the	DET	allegiance	NOUN	 allegiance
Filming of the scene was delayed by an avalanche; the crew helped in the rescue operation. The interior (and single exterior shot) of L ' Or Noir casino in Baku, Azerbaijan, was shot at Halton House, the Officers ' Mess of RAF Halton	Halton	PROPN	.	PUNCT	.
Other big name players, however, such as Gianluigi Buffon, Alessandro Del Piero, David Trezeguet and Pavel Nedvěd, remained to help the club return to Serie A, while youngsters from the Primavera (youth team), such as Sebastian Giovinco and Claudio Marchisio,	,	PUNCT	were	AUX	 were
Despite the book's billing as canonical when it was published, the show contradicts much of its information with the most prominent aspect being the alterations to Eve's family. Vincent first appears in the December 16, 2004 episode as his alter ego Valerie Davis. While	While	SCONJ	working	VERB	 working
The development including a supermarket was delayed when the town council opposed a link road through part of the recreation ground. Tesco, who had pledged to invest in a £20 million store in the development withdrew in January 2015 following financial set backs. The A17 road	road	NOUN	from	ADP	 from
En route, Scott and his guests enjoyed the finest meals that the Fred Harvey Company had to offer. Menu selections included such luxurious offerings as caviar, iced consommé, and Porterhouse steak à la Coyote. One more locomotive and crew took the train to Chillicothe where	where	SCONJ	it	PRON	 it
Writing for strings did not come easily to Poulenc; these sonatas were completed after two unsuccessful earlier attempts, and in 1947 he destroyed the draft of a string quartet. Both sonatas are predominantly grave in character; that for violin is dedicated to the memory of Federico	Federico	PROPN	García	PROPN	 García
Other mitochondrial and nuclear DNA sequence comparisons offer an alternative date range of 62 to 65 mya. An ancestral lemur population is thought to have inadvertently rafted to the island on a floating mat of vegetation, although hypotheses for land bridges and island hopping have also been proposed	proposed	VERB	.	PUNCT	.
Players such as Miles, Patterson, Randolph, and Sebastian Telfair were involved in either on court bickering or off court legal incidents. Nash was fired at the end of the season, with Steve Patterson assuming the general manager role in addition to his duties as president	president	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
A number of smaller guns were carried for defense against torpedo boats. These included sixteen 75 mm (3.0 in) L / 65 guns and ten 47 mm (1.9 in) Hotchkiss guns. The ship was also armed with two submerged 450 mm (17.7 in	in	ADP	)	PUNCT	)
Elizabeth Reaser portrayed recurring character and love interest for Alex Karev, Rebecca " Ava " Pope, a patient suffering from amnesia after being involved in a massive ferry crash. Loretta Devine acted as Adele Webber, Richard's wife, whose continuous struggle to have a normal	normal	ADJ	marriage	NOUN	 marriage
They also attempted to climb the nearby mountain they called Pyramid Peak (later renamed Spantik, as part of the Spantik Sosbun Mountains). They camped the first night at 16,200 feet (4,900 m) and the second at 18,600 feet (5,700 m). An	An	DET	ailing	VERB	 ailing
The gravel was bound with waste oil and with gates at each end. To allow traffic to operate as usual during use, a small bypass road was also built. A royal decree on 26 October 1967 established an Oslo based chief inspector who was to inspect the	the	DET	facility	NOUN	 facility
On November 15, before the album's US release, Rihanna reprised her performance of " What's My Name? " for MTV's The Seven, live from Times Square, New York City. The next day, Rihanna performed " What's My Name?	?	PUNCT	"	PUNCT	 "
From the middle of the 1950s, Farmer featured in recordings by leading arrangers of the day, including George Russell, Quincy Jones and Oliver Nelson, being in demand because of his reputation for being able to play anything. The wide range of styles these arrangers represented	represented	VERB	was	AUX	 was
His main concern was that a Lambeth Conference – " perhaps the most fateful Lambeth Conference ever held " – would need to be called soon after the war. Lang felt that he would be too old to lead it and that he should make way for a younger	younger	ADJ	man	NOUN	 man
You're not trying. " When Johnson protested, Hassett continued " If you have got any brains, you will start taking this game seriously. Because if you do you will end up captaining Australia next year. " The other contender for the vacant national captaincy	captaincy	NOUN	position	NOUN	 position
During the scene where Bart delivers a speech where he states he is " dumb as a post ", Silverman wanted to cut from several angles very quickly to give a sense of anxiety. Martin Prince's design was changed several times during the episode. There was	was	VERB	a	DET	 a
The rules of national FIDE affiliates (such as the United States Chess Federation, or USCF) are based on the FIDE rules, with slight variations (Just 2014). Kenneth Harkness published popular rulebooks in the United States starting in 1956, and the USCF continues	continues	VERB	to	PART	 to
They would find a tortoise nesting site and hem it in with a fence while the tortoise is away. When it returns, the tortoise would be unable to access its eggs, so it would return with a raskovnik in order to breach the fence. Thus,	,	PUNCT	the	DET	 the
A point is earned if the bullet hits. Difficulty varieties adjust the speed of the pigeons. Two two player gameplay variations exist and are activated by modifying the Atari 2600's difficulty switches. There is an alternating version where players take turns shooting the clay pigeons,	,	PUNCT	and	CCONJ	 and
He had 10,590 feet (3,228 m) of irrigation pipes laid in 1799 from a nearby spring to provide water to the Mansion and the surrounding gardens, which he was extensively developing. Prominent artisans of the time were hired to design geometric formal gardens, which were	were	AUX	planted	VERB	 planted
He tied Ed Abbaticchio for seventh with 35 stolen bases. The Cubs returned to the World Series in 1907. Though Chance only batted.154 in the 1907 World Series, the Cubs defeated the Tigers in four games. Chance began to decline during the 1908 season. Though	Though	SCONJ	he	PRON	 he
Before principal photography began, Hallyday met his co stars, Anthony Wong, Lam Ka Tung, Simon Yam, and Lam Suet, during a dinner on 7 November 2008. Principal photography for Vengeance took place in Hong Kong and Macau from 15 November 2008 to 31	31	NUM	January	PROPN	 January
Judicial Watch filed a petition for a writ of certiorari in August 2013, seeking U.S. Supreme Court review, but in January 2014 the Supreme Court declined to hear the case. The Associated Press filed a FOIA request for photographs and videos taken during the Abbottabad raid less	less	ADJ	than	ADP	 than
The only single from The Singles 1992 – 2003 was a cover of the song " It's My Life ", originally released in 1984 by the synthpop band Talk Talk. Because the band were taking a break while lead singer Stefani recorded her solo debut album Love	Love	PROPN	.	PUNCT	.
To date, it has not been possible to combine quantum and gravitational effects into a single theory, although there exist attempts to formulate such a theory of quantum gravity. It is generally expected that such a theory will not feature any singularities. The photon sphere is	is	AUX	a	DET	 a
During the MacWorld Expo keynote on January 6, 2009, Phil Schiller announced a 17 inch MacBook Pro with unibody construction. This version diverged from its 15 inch sibling with an anti glare " matte " screen option (with the glossy finish standard) and a non	non	PROPN	user	NOUN	 user
Adam first appeared as Henry's appointed psychiatrist and convinced a patient that Henry could pass on his immortality. Adam continued to try to find a lost dagger, one that not only caused Adam's first death but also was used to kill Julius Caesar. Adam appears	appears	VERB	in	ADP	 in
Alison, newly reconciled to her past, remembers and draws a moment of perfect balance: playing " airplane " with her father, while reminiscing about the past with the other Alisons (" Flying Away "). The character of Alison Bechdel is portrayed by three	three	NUM	actors	NOUN	 actors
Over its 100 year existence, it has been referenced in stories and songs, as well as having a music contest and a microbrew named after it. The Burnside Fountain is 12 feet (3.7 m) wide, 5 feet (1.5 m) tall, and	and	CCONJ	consists	VERB	 consists
Cyrus explained the dance required " semi coordinat [ion] ". Ann Donahue of Billboard said that she discovered " exactly how Cyrus ' legion of preteen female fans is learning the dance: YouTube onscreen, phone to ear, someone on phone offering encouragement amid occasional	occasional	ADJ	peals	NOUN	 peals
Governor Christine Todd Whitman named the rest area after Stern as payback for him granting Whitman airtime during her 1993 gubernatorial campaign. A plaque proclaiming the rest area as the " Howard Stern Rest Stop " was installed, with an image of Stern poking his head from an	an	DET	outhouse	NOUN	 outhouse
In one of the parks, Red Rocks Park near Morrison, a CCC camp was established in 1935 as part of a New Deal work relief program. The enlistees here built a large amphitheater in the park. Numbered camp SP 13 C, it is the only	only	ADJ	CCC	PROPN	 CCC
In combat, the B 70 was expected to simply fly right by the defenders. By the late 1950s, however, anti aircraft surface to air missiles (SAMs) could threaten high altitude aircraft, as demonstrated by the 1960 downing of Gary Powers's U 2	2	NUM	.	PUNCT	.
One officer and four enlisted men were injured, but no one was killed. The Turks continued their bombardment for five hours until Ben my Chree listed to starboard and sank in shallow water. Later in the day, the captain and the chief engineer returned to the	the	DET	ship	NOUN	 ship
Another of his paintings is reproduced on the cover of the 1974 album Planet Waves. In 1994 Random House published Drawn Blank, a book of Dylan's drawings. In 2007, the first public exhibition of Dylan's paintings, The Drawn Blank Series, opened at	at	ADP	the	DET	 the
Hand deployed his men in the trees where they were so well protected from view that the British could not see them as they crossed the bridge over the stream. The riflemen fired at them from point blank range. The intense fire confused the British into thinking that	that	SCONJ	the	DET	 the
Wheeler earned his doctorate at Johns Hopkins University under the supervision of Karl Herzfeld, and studied under Breit and Bohr on a National Research Council fellowship. In 1939 he teamed up with Bohr to write a series of papers using the liquid drop model to explain the mechanism	mechanism	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
That year, Clancy led the Dolphins in receiving yardage and receptions, and finished eighth in the AFL in reception yards and third in receptions. He compiled three 100 yard receiving games, and he was named to the AFL All Star Game. In their second season	season	NOUN	together	ADV	 together
Linley took up the post of Musical Director at the theatre, receiving a retainer of £500 per annum. Sheridan employed dozens of children as extras at Drury Lane including Joseph Grimaldi who made his stage debut at the theatre in 1780. Grimaldi became best known for	for	ADP	his	PRON	 his
The flushing action of tears and urine also mechanically expels pathogens, while mucus secreted by the respiratory and gastrointestinal tract serves to trap and entangle microorganisms. Chemical barriers also protect against infection. The skin and respiratory tract secrete antimicrobial peptides such as the β defensins. Enzymes	Enzymes	NOUN	such	ADJ	 such
As a result, the USAAF dispatched a single photo reconnaissance B 29 to overfly much of Japan and Korea on 21 June. This sortie was successful, and greatly improved U.S. intelligence holdings on these areas. The Yawata raid revealed serious shortcomings in Japan's air defenses	defenses	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
Rob Salem of Toronto Star said that " fans who have been complaining about this season ’ s relative complacency [...] finally got their gore and more when the farm was overrun by suddenly, strangely single minded walkers. " Pamela Mitchell of Houston Chronicle commented that	that	SCONJ	"	PUNCT	 "
Eggs are laid every one to two days. Eggs are quite variable, and thus which Australian corvid laid them can not be reliably identified. Incubation of the eggs is done solely by the female. The chicks are altricial and nidicolous; that is, they are	are	AUX	born	VERB	 born
As an adult, Pedro II would later remember that his " style of speaking was inelegant, and he had a stutter; but it vanished when he was aroused and at all times his arguments were tight knit, and somebody wittily remarked that [Honório Hermeto,	,	PUNCT	]	PUNCT	]
On the insistence of Nandini, she follows Rahul and Anjali to London. Simone Singh as Rukhsaar, Sayeeda's daughter and Anjali's best friend Alok Nath as Bauji Sharma, Anjali and Pooja's father Kavish Majumdar as the younger Rohan Raichand Malvika Raaj as the younger	younger	ADJ	Pooja	PROPN	 Pooja
This technique was also used by Mahler's Danish contemporary Carl Nielsen. Mahler first employed the device in an early song, Erinnerung (" Memory "), and thereafter used it freely in his symphonies. For example, the predominant key of the First Symphony is	is	AUX	D	ADJ	 D
By the day after Hurricane Lane made landfall, most of the evacuated people returned to their homes to begin the cleanup process. Some tourists who remained in the area for the storm continued their vacations, while others tried to leave the area. The federal government declared	declared	VERB	a	DET	 a
" After the pilot aired, David Bianculli wrote in the Sunday Philadelphia Inquirer that " This sitcom will lose to CBS's Magnum, P.I., but it's too funny, and Cosby is too good, for NBC to dump it. " In a separate article	article	NOUN	in	ADP	 in
" The soundtrack contains fifteen tracks, including seven original songs, four remixes, three instrumentals and an international version of " Chammak Challo ". The music rights were bought by T Series for ₹ 150 million (US $2.2 million). The Hindi version of	of	ADP	the	DET	 the
" Anitai further wrote that the " seriously sick " dance sequence in the video spans the history of late 20th century modern dance, from Jerome Robbins, Bob Fosse, Janet Jackson and Fatima Robinson. He added that the video showcases Beyoncé's metamorphosis into a "	"	PUNCT	highly	ADV	 highly
He has a special sensitivity about youth suicide, since his college roommate, a close and supportive friend of his since high school, committed suicide on Thanksgiving during his sophomore year. To this day, he said, " I sit back at night and wonder what	what	PRON	I	PRON	 I
Filthy Christians, who signed to Earache Records in 1989, introduced the style in Sweden, D.D.T. & Fear of Dog were pioneering grind & noise in Serbia since mid end of ' 80, Extreme Smoke 57 in Slovenia at the early beginning of the ' 90,	,	PUNCT	while	SCONJ	 while
Because of its scarcity in Earth's crust, only a few hundred tonnes are produced annually, and given its important uses, it is highly valuable and is a major precious metal commodity. Platinum is one of the least reactive metals. It has remarkable resistance to	to	ADP	corrosion	NOUN	 corrosion
He was also National Finance Chairman for Pat Buchanan's 1992 presidential campaign, and later president of the National Conservative Political Action Committee. Bozell was succeeded as PTC President by Timothy F. Winter. Winter served as Executive Director of the PTC for three years prior to becoming	becoming	VERB	president	NOUN	 president
A 1903 report criticised the light, saying that the red flashes were only visible for half the distance of the white ones, confusing navigators. This led to a recommendation to remove the red shades, resulting in a new characteristic of one white flash every minute,	,	PUNCT	and	CCONJ	 and
Gerhard and his wife Karin were arrested in 1934, and spent the next two years in prison. Gerhard, Karin, Elisabeth and Kittowski established a car rental agency in Berlin, which they used to smuggle Jews and opponents of the government out of Germany. After	After	SCONJ	Emil	PROPN	 Emil
In 1921, Moore won a scholarship to study at the Royal College of Art in London, along with Hepworth and other Yorkshire contemporaries. While in London, Moore extended his knowledge of primitive art and sculpture, studying the ethnographic collections at the Victoria and Albert Museum	Museum	PROPN	and	CCONJ	 and
Deckard and Rachael quickly leave the apartment block. Although Blade Runner is ostensibly an action film, it operates on multiple dramatic and narrative levels. It is indebted to film noir conventions: the femme fatale; protagonist narration (removed in later versions); dark and	and	CCONJ	shadowy	ADJ	 shadowy
His last four years in the service had been spent as the Navy's liaison to the United States Senate. He moved to Arizona with his new wife and, aided by a job from his father in law and the contacts it gave him, soon began a	a	DET	new	ADJ	 new
In particular, the film sparked a verbal war between Jalen Rose and Duke University's Grant Hill through the media regarding issues of race in sports and education that fueled the Duke – Michigan basketball rivalry. Coincidentally, the following week, the 2011 editions of Michigan and	and	CCONJ	Duke	PROPN	 Duke
Chester had come under siege during December 1644, with a loose blockade or " leager " formed around the town. With Bristol now fallen to the Parliamentarians, Chester was the last port under Royalist control, and crucial due to its links with recruiting efforts in Ireland	Ireland	PROPN	and	CCONJ	 and
The episode became the highest rated cable program of the day, obtaining significantly higher ratings than Kourtney and Kim Take New York on E! and Real Housewives of Atlanta on Bravo. " Pretty Much Dead Already " received the show's highest ratings since " Bloodletting "	"	PUNCT	,	PUNCT	,
He bequeathed the property to the university, which now uses it as the official residence of its President. Architecturally the house has retained most of its Georgian character, and has had only modest exterior additions and modifications. Although it was decorated in a Victorian style by	by	ADP	the	DET	 the
Microscopically, the mushroom is distinguished by its large spores, typically 60 – 80 by 15 – 18 µm, and the presence of only two spores per ascus. In the field, the mushroom is reliably distinguished from the true morels on the basis of cap attachment	attachment	NOUN	:	PUNCT	:
Harrison then designed Denbighshire Infirmary in North Wales, built between 1810 and 1813, and in about 1820 he made some internal alterations to the Chester Exchange. In 1820 Harrison was consulted by Magdalen College, Oxford, about improvements to New Building, a block of the	the	DET	college	NOUN	 college
The Normans, attempting to drive the rebels back, set fire to some of the city's houses. The fire grew out of control and also set fire to York Minster and, some argue, the castles as well. The castles were captured and partially dismantled	dismantled	VERB	,	PUNCT	,
The title track to her debut, " Animal ", is more aspirational and is intended to inspire people to embrace their individuality. Much more experimental than Animal, her second album, Warrior, contains dubstep elements and explores erotic experiences Kesha encountered with ghosts on the	the	DET	song	NOUN	 song
Williams and Campbell each won the Heisman Trophy in their senior seasons. With Charles ' departure, quarterback Colt McCoy becomes the leading returning rusher for the Longhorns. Tight end Jermichael Finley also declared he would forgo his senior season to enter the NFL. The draft concluded	concluded	VERB	with	ADP	 with
Ganoga Lake and its surroundings have a variety of insects and animals. Butterflies in the region are studied by lepidopterists, and the hemlock woolly adelgid threatens many of the hemlock trees. Animals found on North Mountain and in the park include squirrel, black bear, fisher	fisher	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
It makes no lasting contributions to world cinema, but if two and a half hours of disposable entertainment are all you're after, you could do far worse. " L.A. Weekly's David Chute stated the film was, " A movie meal as satisfying as this	this	DET	one	NOUN	 one
There were a few notable names on the replacement roster. Former Bandits quarterback and Florida Gators standout John Reaves started the first two games, while former Seattle Seahawks and Winnipeg Blue Bombers quarterback Jim Zorn returned to the NFL to start for the Buccaneers in the final replacement	replacement	NOUN	game	NOUN	 game
Attack on Titan was the second highest selling manga series of 2013, with 15,933,801 copies sold in a single year. In April 2014, Oricon reported that 30 million volumes of the series have been sold. In the first half of 2014 it topped the chart,	,	PUNCT	ending	VERB	 ending
He finished three points behind brother Doug, who won the scoring title. Max tied an NHL record by scoring four goals in one period of a 10 – 1 victory over the Rangers on January 28, 1943. He added three assists in the game, tying	tying	VERB	the	DET	 the
When William Sparrow Simpson was appointed Succentor, the raising of standards continued, and St Paul's Cathedral became the focus of religious ceremony in the capital, including state occasions, ceremonial events, memorial services and the funerals of the great and famous. A peal of	of	ADP	twelve	NUM	 twelve
It also carried only nine 16 inch guns, in three triple turrets. " C " was similar but it added 75,000 shp (for a total of 300,000 shp), to make the original requirement of 35 knots. The weight required for this and a longer	longer	ADJ	belt	NOUN	 belt
All malware was blocked by the firewall. PC Magazine testing reflected the same results. The firewall also stealthed all ports. Exploits were blocked by the intrusion prevention system, which prevents threats from leveraging vulnerabilities. The system is updated whenever a vulnerability is identified for Windows	Windows	PROPN	based	VERB	 based
It is owned and operated by the state owned Avinor and handled 9,889 passengers in 2014. Services are provided by Widerøe, operating Dash 8 100 aircraft on contract with the Ministry of Transport and Communications to Bodø Airport and Leknes Airport. Røst was first served using seaplanes	seaplanes	NOUN	from	ADP	 from
PS4 users will, in the future, be able to browse titles and stream games via Gaikai to demo them almost instantaneously. Sony says they are committed to releasing an ever increasing number of free to play games, including PlanetSide 2 and War Thunder. Sony also	also	ADV	took	VERB	 took
Pugilism was regarded as humane and fair and its practice was presented in chivalrous terms. It was also a symbol of national courage, embodying the worth which Englishmen placed upon their own individual honour. The French, it was argued, did not like pugilism because they	they	PRON	were	AUX	 were
Various family members would accompany her, living in the comfortable two story house she modestly called a " cottage " or " hut ". In Hartford she was barraged with requests and at the center of a whirl of activity. Mandarin was not connected to a telegraph	telegraph	NOUN	line	NOUN	 line
By March 2013, two sections of the antenna had been installed. The spire's completion was scheduled for April 29, 2013, but bad weather delayed the delivery of the final pieces. On May 10, 2013, the final piece of the spire was lifted	lifted	VERB	to	ADP	 to
He was, however, named the offensive scout team player of the week for his performance in the practices before the Florida State game. During 2007 spring practice, Scott was third on the depth chart, but suffered a left knee injury, which forced him to	to	PART	miss	VERB	 miss
Before St. Clare can follow through on his pledge, however, he dies after being stabbed outside of a tavern. His wife reneges on her late husband's vow and sells Tom at auction to a vicious plantation owner named Simon Legree. Legree (a transplanted northerner	northerner	NOUN	)	PUNCT	)
In 1996 and 1997, Anderson won for Outstanding Performance by a Female Actor in a Drama Series. In 1996, the show won a Peabody Award for being able " to convey ideas that are both entertaining and thought provoking ". The show has also been nominated	nominated	VERB	for	ADP	 for
The next phase of the battle saw more massed Viet Minh assaults against French positions in the central Điện Biên Phủ — at " Eliane " and " Dominique " in particular. Those two areas were held by five understrength battalions, composed of Frenchmen, Legionnaires, Vietnamese	Vietnamese	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
Already successfully operating a pair of London movie parlors with Edison Kinetoscopes, they commissioned English inventor and manufacturer Robert W. Paul to make copies of them. After fulfilling the Georgiades – Tragides contract, Paul decided to go into the movie business himself, proceeding to make dozens	dozens	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
Paul Haggis ' main contribution was to rewrite the climax of the film. He explained, " the draft that was there was very faithful to the book and there was a confession, so in the original draft the character confessed and killed herself. She then sent	sent	VERB	Bond	PROPN	 Bond
Its primary campus is located on a 1,391.54 acre (5.631 km2) campus in Tallahassee, Florida, United States. It is a senior member of the State University System of Florida. Founded in 1851, it is located on the oldest continuous site of higher education	education	NOUN	in	ADP	 in
Xenophon adopts a similarly hostile attitude in the early parts of his work, but apparently had a change of heart during the chronological break in composition that divides the second book of the Hellenica; his portrayal of Theramenes during the reign of the Thirty Tyrants is altogether more	more	ADV	favorable	ADJ	 favorable
The lumber industry led to the clearcutting of the area in the 19th century. The state forest was started in 1898 and the park was formed from it in the early 1920s as a Class B public camp. The Civilian Conservation Corps had a camp on the run	run	NOUN	and	CCONJ	 and
In November, Skyways was taken over by Euravia, excluding Skyways Coach Air which remained a separate company. In 1963, three Avro 748s were in service and two of Skyways Coach Air's Dakotas were converted to freighters. During the winter of 1962 – 63,	,	PUNCT	the	DET	 the
Some prominent musicians with origins in Enugu include Sonny Okosun, an afrobeat musician who was born and raised in Enugu and joined his first band The Postmen that was based in the city in 1965; Celestine Ukwu joined Michael Ejeagha's Enugu based Paradise Rhythm Orchestra in 1962	1962	NUM	before	ADP	 before
The demon attacks twice more in later missions, and is eventually revealed to be Dante's identical twin brother, Vergil. After Angelo / Vergil's death, his amulet joins with his brother's half, and " Force Edge ", the game's default sword	sword	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
U 38 traveled to the U boat base in Bergen, Norway on 21 November. She would later depart Bergen on the 23rd and arrive in Stettin on 29 November. From December 1941 until November 1943, U 38 was used as a training boat in the 24th	24th	ADJ	and	CCONJ	 and
During his sentencing on the charges, a circuit judge told Clemmons that he had broken his mother's heart, to which he responded, " I have broken my own heart. " Clemmons was sentenced in 1989 to 35 years in prison for robbing the woman in	in	ADP	front	NOUN	 front
During this time in the 18th century, there was a frenzy of vampire sightings in Transylvania, with frequent stakings and grave diggings taking place to identify and kill the potential revenants; even government officials were compelled into the hunting and staking of vampires. Despite being called	called	VERB	the	DET	 the
Women also limit who they divulge their sexual identities to, and more often see being lesbian as a choice, as opposed to gay men, who work more externally and see being gay as outside their control. Anxiety disorders and depression are the most common mental health	health	NOUN	issues	NOUN	 issues
After Hugh's store failed, the family moved to Hay Bay (south of Napanee, Ontario), west of Kingston, where Hugh unsuccessfully ran another shop. His father, in 1829, was appointed a magistrate for the Midland District. John Macdonald's mother	mother	NOUN	was	AUX	 was
Shatner, Nimoy, and Kelley's salaries were cut with the understanding that they would share in box office profits. Meyer estimated that almost two months were spent fighting with the studio about the budget. " To some degree, almost every area of the production was	was	AUX	affected	VERB	 affected
Xbox World Australia gave the game 90 / 100, saying " Devil May Cry 4 is everything a hack and slash should be and then some. Sadly it falters with repeated level design and a moderately troublesome camera; but in the grand scheme of things, these	these	PRON	are	AUX	 are
Innes was given command of a company of North Carolina's provincial soldiers during the War of Jenkins ' Ear, and served as Commander in Chief of all colonial soldiers in the Ohio River Valley in 1754 during the French and Indian War. After resigning his commission in	in	ADP	1756	NUM	 1756
Whether Penda immediately succeeded Cearl is unknown, and it is also unclear whether they were related, and if so how closely; Henry of Huntingdon, writing in the 12th century, claimed that Cearl was a kinsman of Pybba. It is also possible that Cearl and	and	CCONJ	Penda	PROPN	 Penda
He recalled of his and McCartney's relationship: " Paul and I used to hang about quite a bit – more than Dad and I did. We had a great friendship going and there seems to be far more pictures of me and Paul playing together at that	that	DET	age	NOUN	 age
Falco peregrinus furuitii, described by Momiyama in 1927, is found on the Izu and Ogasawara Islands south of Honshū, Japan. It is non migratory. It is very rare, and may only remain on a single island. It is a dark form, resembling	resembling	VERB	pealei	NOUN	 pealei
The setting contains numerous characters, an extensive timeline, and a detailed geography. Dragonlance is set on the world of Krynn. The majority of the novels take place in the various regions of Ansalon, a small continent, though some have taken place on the continent	continent	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
Paramount did not want to own the unsuccessful show; net profit was to be shared between Norway, Desilu / Paramount, Shatner, and NBC but Star Trek lost money, and the studio did not expect to syndicate it. In 1970 Paramount offered to sell all	all	DET	rights	NOUN	 rights
It also spent four weeks in the German Albums Chart, peaking at number fifty nine. Live at Wembley peaked at number one on the Billboard Top Music Video chart in May 2004. The album debuted atop the Australian DVD Chart the week ending on May 24,	,	PUNCT	2004	NUM	 2004
At the beginning of the 2008 – 09 season, Neuner had a substantial drop in her skiing times due to a series of illnesses. However, she recovered and set the fastest course time in 14 of the remaining 18 races from January onwards. In the 2009	2009	NUM	–	PUNCT	 –
The anti aircraft artillery were equipped with the Swedish designed Bofors 40 mm gun, which was manufactured in Australia, and the British 3.7 inch Anti Aircraft gun. Medium artillery included the American 155 mm Long Tom and the British 5.5 inch gun. The need for tanks	tanks	NOUN	to	PART	 to
These patrols continued in the same manner for most of the rest of the year. Milwaukee, commanded by Captain Forrest B. Royal, was being overhauled in the Brooklyn Navy Yard when the Japanese attacked Pearl Harbor on 7 December. The ship escorted a convoy to the	the	DET	Caribbean	PROPN	 Caribbean
Turing proved that if an algorithm can be written to solve a mathematical problem, then a Turing machine can execute that algorithm. Konrad Zuse's Z3 was the world's first working programmable, fully automatic computer, with binary digital arithmetic logic, but it lacked the	the	DET	conditional	ADJ	 conditional
This was particularly embodied by a scene in which the murdered tourist's husband becomes angry after overhearing detectives talk about how much overtime they would get from the case, which Simon claimed was a conversation real life detectives would really have. " See No Evil " was	was	AUX	written	VERB	 written
The Australians struggled in a drawn game against Sussex for whom George Wyatt and Henry Phillips both scored centuries. Spofforth with 14 wickets and George Bonnor with an innings of 68 in a low scoring match put the Australians back on track when they easily defeated a strong Players	Players	PROPN	XI	PROPN	 XI
While Miller was a reluctant bowler, Bradman used him heavily because of his desire to have every possible spin option. Miller thus played as a middle order batsman batting at No. 5 ahead of the wicket keeper and the other bowlers, and an opening fast bowler	bowler	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
He holds the title of the US Olympic competitor who has competed in the greatest number of Olympics, winning two team gold medals, three team silvers and one individual silver. He has also competed at the World Equestrian Games and Pan American Games, winning medals at	at	ADP	both	PRON	 both
The 25 mm guns would have been controlled by two Type 95 directors mounted on the bridge. Early warning would have been provided by a Type 2, Mark 2, Model 1 air search radar mounted at the top of the foremast. A Type 93 passive hydrophone	hydrophone	NOUN	system	NOUN	 system
On 8 September 1588 at Blois, where the court had assembled for a meeting of the Estates, Henry dismissed all his ministers without warning. Catherine, in bed with a lung infection, had been kept in the dark. The king's actions effectively ended her	her	PRON	days	NOUN	 days
The ship was protected by an armored belt that was 240 mm (9.4 in) thick amidships, and an armored deck that was 70 mm (2.8 in) thick. The conning tower had 120 mm (4.7 in) thick sides. Odin was laid down	down	ADP	at	ADP	 at
After struggling all the time, had expended nine hours, for all this without leaving any patients. Tatsuguchi refers again and again in his diary to the constant, intense attacks by American aircraft and artillery on his comrades ' positions. On May 21, he noted	noted	VERB	that	SCONJ	 that
Despite the ferocity of the accident, 185 (62.5%) passengers and crew survived owing to a variety of factors including the relatively controlled manner of the crash and the early notification of emergency services. The accident airplane, a McDonnell Douglas DC 10 10 (registration	registration	NOUN	N1819U	NOUN	 N1819U
It became a village in 1847 and a city in 1854. In the latter year, a watch company was founded there, and the city became well known for the firm's timepieces; it also was notable for the production of tools, shoes, wood products	products	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
At a rally at Shivaji Park, he said, " That north Indians are living in Mumbai is because of our mercy. Let it be known ". He told MNS leaders to shed their complacence and advised his supporters to " take action " whenever they felt	felt	VERB	necessary	ADJ	 necessary
He was instrumental in establishing four mathas at Sringeri, Dwarka, Puri and Jyotirmath. Melpathur Narayana Bhattathiri was another religious figure who composed Narayaniyam, a collection of verses in praise of the Hindu God Krishna. Islam arrived in Kerala through Arab traders in the seventh century	century	NOUN	CE	PROPN	 CE
In March 2016, Valve introduced the " Custom Game Pass " option to custom game modes, which allows content creators to add exclusive features, content, and other changes to their game mode, for a fee. The Dota series began in 2003 with Defense of	of	ADP	the	DET	 the
Although Lennon would lament this period publicly, he did not do so in private. Journalist Larry Kane, who befriended Lennon in 1964, wrote a comprehensive biography of Lennon which detailed the " Lost Weekend " period. In the interview with Kane, Lennon explained his	his	PRON	feelings	NOUN	 feelings
The most popular societies include University College Boat Club (UCBC), Castle Theatre Company, Castle Football Club and Castle Hockey Club. There are a number of arts societies within the college. Most notable is Castle Theatre Company, which produces a play each term.	.	PUNCT	These	DET	 These
Welshie is killed in a show of force to force their obedience. While Melllvar forces the cast to perform his fan script, Bender, Leela and Fry escape in the Planet Express Ship. Fry convinces the crew to attack Melllvar to save the actors, but Melllvar	Melllvar	PROPN	destroys	VERB	 destroys
The remaining housewives joined in later seasons; Burruss in the second, Bailey and Parks in the third, Moore and Williams in the fifth (the latter of whom was a friend of the housewives in the seventh), and Fields in the eight. Past housewives	housewives	NOUN	include	VERB	 include
A little more than 13,000 years ago, a sequence of nine tephra eruptions occurred within a period of less than a few hundred years. Associated with these eruptions were pyroclastic flows. Mixed with snow, ice and water, these formed lahars that raced into three nearby	nearby	ADJ	rivers	NOUN	 rivers
The material for Band of Gypsys was recorded over two consecutive nights at the Fillmore East. The group was scheduled for two shows on December 31, 1969, and another two on January 1, 1970 (because the shows went beyond midnight, the actual dates were	were	AUX	December	PROPN	 December
The warriors retreated to Prophetstown where, according to one chief's account, the warriors confronted Tenskwatawa and accused him of deceit because of the many deaths, which his spells were supposed to have prevented. He blamed his wife for desecrating his magic medicine and offered to	to	PART	cast	VERB	 cast
The freeway was constructed in stages from the 1960s to the 1980s, with the first segment — between I 490 and NY 31 — opening to traffic c. 1963. At the time, it was part of NY 47, which followed the completed portions of the Outer	Outer	PROPN	Loop	PROPN	 Loop
Few of the Mexican ladders reached the walls. The few soldiers who were able to climb the ladders were quickly killed or beaten back. As the Texians discharged their previously loaded rifles, however, they found it increasingly difficult to reload while attempting to keep Mexican soldiers	soldiers	NOUN	from	ADP	 from
" In 1821 Michel Étienne Descourtilz reported that the wood was used for snuff boxes and tobacco cases, that the kernel of the seed was used to treat scurvy, and that the sap had been used by Carib Amerindians " for its powerful properties ". Fabienne Boncy	Boncy	PROPN	Taylor	PROPN	 Taylor
The Centre is open to the public every day of the year except Christmas Day, and also houses an Education Centre catering for school visits, a conference centre, and a tearoom and gift shop. The nature reserve itself is a large expanse of wetland and pools	pools	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
Minaj's vocals in " Yasss Bish " have been described as " melodic " with a " fierce " message, while her rapping has been compared to the works of Southern hip hop group Migos. Several critics including Kyle Harvey of The Grio and Emma Goddard of	of	ADP	Bustle	PROPN	 Bustle
Near the end of May, the group received the awards for Best Pop Video and Best New Artist from the MTV Video Music Awards Japan 2010. They released the Japanese single " Beautiful Hangover " on August 25, 2010. After nearly two year hiatus as a	a	DET	full	ADJ	 full
She also claimed that the estate of Orson Welles was owed 20% of the film's profits if her copyright claim was not upheld. In 2007 she was allowed to proceed with the lawsuit, overturning the 2004 decision in favor of Turner Entertainment on the issue of	of	ADP	video	NOUN	 video
Adlai Stevenson II, a 1922 graduate of Princeton: in a dedicated stained glass window near the vestry. John Witherspoon, Princeton's sixth president: in the Great South Window, among the Christian teachers. The chapel operates within university's Office of Religious Life.	.	PUNCT	It	PRON	 It
They traded this intelligence information from wiretaps conversations and informants ' tips. Treviño Morales was apprehended by the Mexican Marines in Anáhuac, Nuevo León, near the border of Tamaulipas state, at around 3: 45 a.m. on 15 July 2013 without a single shot fired.	.	PUNCT	The	DET	 The
" Lyrically, " Iconic " talks about taking control of your life and letting your inner fire burn and encourages listeners to pursue their dreams. During the song, she urges the listeners to " making [their] voices heard before someone does it for [them	them	PRON	]	PUNCT	]
He was funny. Very funny and we laughed the whole time. " Kravitz added, " He was a beautiful human being. " On December 10, 2010, the song was officially released on the posthumous album Michael. It features more vocals and instrumentation.	.	PUNCT	A	DET	 A
As its founder had died before the vital task of collecting the endowment was complete, the abbey started its life in a difficult financial situation. It is thought that little work took place on the permanent stone monastery until the house was taken under the wing of Henry	Henry	PROPN	III	PROPN	 III
Fast was the fifth of six players the Rangers drafted in 2010, along with Dylan McIlrath, Christian Thomas, Andrew Yogan, Jason Wilson and Randy McNaught. On May 29, 2012, the Rangers announced Fast had been signed to a two way, three year	year	NOUN	entry	NOUN	 entry
Threats to migratory birds have grown with habitat destruction especially of stopover and wintering sites, as well as structures such as power lines and wind farms. The Arctic tern holds the long distance migration record for birds, travelling between Arctic breeding grounds and the Antarctic each year	year	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
In the proceedings of a conference on von Neumann's growth model, Paul Samuelson said that many mathematicians had developed methods useful to economists, but that von Neumann was unique in having made significant contributions to economic theory itself. Von Neumann's famous 9 page paper started	started	VERB	life	NOUN	 life
While the Progress Party dropped out of parliament altogether in 1977, it returned in the following 1981 parliamentary election with four representatives. In this election, the political right in general had a great upturn, which garnered the Progress Party increased support. The ideology of the	the	DET	party	NOUN	 party
Over the following two to three years, the capacity of the plant will be raised to 30 MW, allowing RGIA to become fully solar powered. The Novotel Hyderabad Airport, located 3.5 kilometres (2.2 mi) from RGIA, was opened in October 2008. The	The	DET	hotel	NOUN	 hotel
The exchange of fire did little damage to either side, although it did damage houses and kill some British soldiers in Boston. On March 5, Washington moved more of the Ticonderoga cannon and several thousand men overnight to occupy Dorchester Heights, overlooking Boston. Since it	it	PRON	was	AUX	 was
The hypocenter depth ranged from 3.1 miles (5.0 km) to 8.2 miles (13.2 km). In the same time period, at a radius of 20 miles (32 km) around Randolph, forty five earthquakes have been reported with magnitudes ranging from 1.0 to	to	ADP	3.2	NUM	 3.2
To avoid further wear of stairs ' stones, since November 2014, two main sections of Borobudur stairs — the eastern (ascending route) and northern (descending route) sides — are covered with wooden structures. The similar technique has been applied in Angkor Wat in	in	ADP	Cambodia	PROPN	 Cambodia
Throughout the engagement, Brownell established and maintained communications between the battery and firing line, despite fatigue or personal risk to himself. Commended for his " particularly meritorious service... and... gallantry in this work ", Brownell was subsequently recommended for the Military Medal. The	The	DET	notification	NOUN	 notification
Michael does not know which " reality " is real; he has therapy sessions with Dr. Jonathan Lee in the " red reality " and Dr. Judith Evans in the " green ", both of whom attempt to diagnose what is happening to Michael. Each therapist sees	sees	VERB	it	PRON	 it
Having captured the house, it was made his temporary headquarters. It later received a direct hit from artillery fire and Hargest was fortunate to escape unhurt. His leadership of his battalion during the last few months of the war was recognised with an appointment to the Distinguished	Distinguished	PROPN	Service	PROPN	 Service
While commenting on the formal Committee Draft for C + + 0x, the Japanese ISO member body noted that " a scope operator (::) can not be applied to decltype, but it should be. It would be useful in the case to obtain member type (	(	PUNCT	nested	VERB	nested
In the third stage, four cyclists (Julien Gabory, Henri Gauban, Gaston Tuvache and Maurice Carrere) were disqualified for taking the train. The Ballon d'Alsace, which had been the first real mountain in the Tour de France the previous year, was featured again	again	ADV	.	PUNCT	.
It served in an combined anti submarine and anti ship role, carrying the Exocet missile as an alternative to the normal anti submarine weapon load of four Mark 44 or Mark 46 torpedoes. One of Pakistan's Sea Kings was lost in an accident in February 1986,	,	PUNCT	and	CCONJ	 and
As part of the approval process, the council passed a measure that raised the height limit on structures at the site to accommodate the 2,000 foot (610 m) design height. It would have become the second tallest building in the entire world, surpassed only by	by	ADP	the	DET	 the
The Northern Song census recorded a population of roughly 50 million, much like the Han and Tang dynasties. This data is found in the Standard Histories. However, it is estimated that the Northern Song had a population of some 100 million people, and 200 million	million	NUM	by	ADP	 by
However, the locomotive proved unreliable, so Sydvaranger decided to order new locomotives. The electric traction was taken out of use in 1955, but the overhead wires remained until 1963. Two G12 diesel electric locomotives were delivered from General Motors Electro Motive Division in 1954 and	and	CCONJ	1956	NUM	 1956
Mackin and Sangaré signed new contracts. York's summer signings were goalkeeper David Knight on a season long loan from Histon, defenders Duane Courtney from Kidderminster and Greg Young from Altrincham, midfielder Jonathan Smith from Forest Green, wingers David McDermott from Kidderminster and Peter Till from	from	ADP	and	CCONJ	 and
The western jackdaw is one of a very small number of birds that it is legal to use as a decoy or to trap in a cage in the United Kingdom. The other pest species that can be controlled by trapping are the crow, jay, magpie and	and	CCONJ	rook	NOUN	 rook
There are recurring themes that appear throughout the story. A music theme is present, as the episode titles from the 2006 – 2007 anime have parts in their titles related to music, such as overture and introit. Miracles play a large part in the story;	;	PUNCT	Kanon	PROPN	 Kanon
" Other commentators discussed the more complex psychological causes of Brandon's murder. Halberstam commented on the complicated causes of the murder, and whether it was due to transphobia or homophobia: " Ultimately in Boys [Don't Cry], the double vision of the transgender	transgender	NOUN	subject	NOUN	 subject
It can constitute as much as 50% of a whales body weight. Calves are born with only a thin layer of blubber, but some species compensate for this with thick lanugos. Whales have a two- to three chambered stomach that is similar in structure to terrestrial	terrestrial	ADJ	carnivores	NOUN	 carnivores
The Byzantines held off the arrow attacks and captured Alp Arslan's camp by the end of the afternoon. However, the right and left wings, where the arrows did most of their damage, almost broke up when individual units tried to force the Seljuks into a	a	DET	pitched	VERB	 pitched
Factor V Leiden, which makes factor V resistant to inactivation by activated protein C, and the genetic variant prothrombin G20210A, which causes increased prothrombin levels, are predominantly expressed in Caucasians. They moderately increase risk for VTE, by three to eight times for factor V	V	PROPN	Leiden	PROPN	 Leiden
Charge is possessed not just by matter, but also by antimatter, each antiparticle bearing an equal and opposite charge to its corresponding particle. Charge can be measured by a number of means, an early instrument being the gold leaf electroscope, which although still in use	use	NOUN	for	ADP	 for
Most progenitors of type II supernovae are not detected and must be considerably fainter, and presumably less massive. It is now proposed that higher mass red supergiants do not explode as supernovae, but instead evolve back towards hotter temperatures. Several progenitors of type IIb supernovae have	have	AUX	been	AUX	 been
Oklahoma State Trooper Charlie Hanger stopped McVeigh for driving his yellow 1977 Mercury Marquis without a license plate, and arrested him for having a concealed weapon. For his home address, McVeigh falsely claimed he resided at Terry Nichols ' brother James ' house in Michigan. After	After	ADP	booking	VERB	 booking
1015 – Zirc, before 6 December 1060) was King of Hungary from 1046 to 1060. He descended from a younger branch of the Árpád dynasty. After spending fifteen years in exile, he ascended the throne during an extensive revolt of the pagan Hungarians. He	He	PRON	strengthened	VERB	 strengthened
The spring of 1924 saw Nos. A815 and A825 transferred to the former LSWR mainline between Waterloo and Guildford for trials. These proved successful, and paved the way for the allocation of most of the Woolwich batch to the Southern Railway's Western section. The type	type	NOUN	regularly	ADV	 regularly
While variation based on climate is not unusual for different wide ranging palearctic species, the higher clutch size of western Mediterranean eagle owls is also probably driven by the presence of lagomorphs in the diet, which provide high nutritional value than most other regular prey. The average	average	ADJ	clutch	NOUN	 clutch
On 6 August, Falangist soldiers near Guadarrama murdered club president Josep Sunyol, a representative of the pro independence political party. He was dubbed the martyr of barcelonisme, and his murder was a defining moment in the history of FC Barcelona and Catalan identity. In the	the	DET	summer	NOUN	 summer
Ketèlbey was financially successful enough to leave Columbia Records in 1926 to spend more time composing, although he continued to conduct for them on an occasional basis, particularly between 1928 and 1930 when he conducted sixteen of his own works with the company, published as Ketèlbey Conducting	Conducting	VERB	his	PRON	 his
On 17 October, perhaps realizing they contaminated their rooms, they prematurely checked out and moved to another hotel and left London the next day. Another unsuccessful assassination attempt took place on 25 October when they flew to London again. They left radioactive traces again in their	their	PRON	hotel	NOUN	 hotel
He published some conventional stories in the British magazines, but over the next few years Ballard's more traditional science fiction material appeared mostly in the American market, with Science Fantasy and New Worlds reserved for more experimental material that was a harbinger of New Wave science fiction	fiction	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
In 2015 she told Howard Stern that she had overheard a mother saying that to a child in a supermarket during production. Frankel, who had worked with Patricia Field on his feature film debut Miami Rhapsody as well as Sex and the City, knew that what the	the	DET	cast	NOUN	 cast
In 2005, the band re released Believe in a new package with a DVD containing footage taken from concerts of the 2000s and sold it through their official website. A US and European tour followed Believe first release, but the project for releasing in 2004 a live	live	ADJ	DVD	NOUN	 DVD
The Nationalists returned to focus on the capture of northern Spain. German test aircraft, with the latest models, faced an outdated Basque section (Escuadrilla vasca) of the Spanish Republican Air Force. Heavy aerial bombardment from 200 Nationalist, German and Italian aircraft was used	used	VERB	far	ADV	 far
Following Attack of the Clones, the third and final film of the prequel trilogy, Star Wars: Episode III – Revenge of the Sith, premiered in 2005. Ten years after the Trade Federation's invasion of Naboo, the Galactic Republic is threatened by a Separatist	Separatist	PROPN	movement	NOUN	 movement
Musically, " Speechless " is a rock power ballad with influences of 1970s rock, blues rock, glam rock with a slight element of country music as well. The song's musical style has drawn comparisons to David Bowie during the Ziggy Stardust era, Queen and	and	CCONJ	Pink	PROPN	 Pink
The number of new cases each year has decreased since 2000. About 80% of people in many Asian and African countries test positive while 5 – 10% of people in the United States population tests positive by the tuberculin test. Tuberculosis has been present in humans	humans	NOUN	since	SCONJ	 since
Nevertheless, Dave invites her to come and hear him play the song at the Gramercy Theatre that weekend so that she can see the impact it has had on his fans. She arrives at the venue just in time to watch him play her original arrangement of the	the	DET	song	NOUN	 song
Naya, being a partial expression of truth, enables us to comprehend reality part by part. The third main principle in Jainism is aparigraha (non attachment) or non grasping and includes non materialism. Jainism emphasizes taking no more of something than is necessary. While	While	SCONJ	ownership	NOUN	 ownership
The cladogram accompanying the study is shown below: Newton's parakeet was about 40 cm (16 in) long - roughly the size of the rose ringed parakeet. The wing of the male specimen was 198 mm (7.8 in), the tail 206 mm (	(	PUNCT	8.1	NUM	8.1
M 3 returned to existence in 1973, when US 25, now concurrent with I 94 and I 75 for most of its length through Michigan and Ohio, was truncated at Cincinnati. The former US 25 section of Gratiot Avenue was redesignated M 3, along with	with	ADP	a	DET	 a
The areas were subsequently named SAO Krajina and, after declaring its intention to integrate with Serbia, the Government of Croatia declared it to be a rebellion. By March 1991, the conflict escalated into the Croatian War of Independence. In June 1991, Croatia declared its	its	PRON	independence	NOUN	 independence
The highway was 0.8 miles (1.3 km) long and served as a connector between NY 17 and the Red House entrance of Allegany State Park, where it connected to Allegany State Park Route 2 (ASP Route 2). NY 382 was assigned in the early	early	ADJ	1930s	NOUN	 1930s
It is also noticed that the metamorphosis of graphemes (This might be designated as " Archewriting ") as a living object / subject in Ray's positive manipulation of Bengali graphemes. Ray's work has been described as full of humanism and universality, and of a	a	DET	deceptive	ADJ	 deceptive
A reviewer for the Baltimore Minerva and Emerald asked, " Has the poet been struck dumb with palsy? " Before publication, Poe had sought the advice of William Wirt, who had earned a reputation as a distinguished man of letters in Baltimore. On " Al	Al	PROPN	Aaraaf	PROPN	 Aaraaf
In an interview leading up to the race, part time Ligier driver Martin Brundle said: Damon has to do two things. First, he has to establish himself as the No1 at Williams for next year so the team can give him their full support. Second	Second	ADV	,	PUNCT	,
Additionally, Hezbollah claims that three Lebanese prisoners are being held in Israel. Finally, Hezbollah consider Israel to be an illegitimate state. For these reasons, they justify their actions as acts of defensive jihad. Hezbollah officials have said, on rare occasions, that it	it	PRON	is	AUX	 is
She researched the life of William the Conqueror thoroughly, even travelling the route that William took when crossing into England. The following year, Heyer's writing took an even more drastic departure from her early historical romances when she released her first thriller, Footsteps in the	the	DET	Dark	PROPN	 Dark
In 1922, the Great Barrier Reef Committee began carrying out much of the early research on the reef. Royal Commissions disallowed oil drilling in the Great Barrier Reef, in 1975 the Government of Australia created the Great Barrier Reef Marine Park and prohibited various activities. The	The	DET	Great	ADJ	 Great
" Tom Kessenich, in his book Examinations: An Unauthorized Look at Season 6 – 9 of The X Files, critically examined the ideas that the entire episode was either a dream or existed in some sort of " parallel universe ". Kessenich reasons that, because	because	SCONJ	the	DET	 the
It is a source of irritation to historians that Shakespeare ’ s influence on the perception of the later medieval period exceeds that of academic research. While the chronology of Shakespeare's history plays runs from King John to Henry VIII, they are dominated by eight plays in	in	ADP	which	PRON	 which
TfGM intend to proceed to the identification of potential rail industry funding options, subject to a review of lessons from a tram train pilot scheme in Sheffield. Although axed in 2005 to control costs, the Wythenshawe Loop on the Airport Line remains an aspiration of TfGM.	.	PUNCT	As	ADP	 As
The Second Division championship shield was presented to the club at a meeting of the Football League held at the Colonnade Hotel in New Street, Birmingham, in August. Of the regular first team members from the previous season, goalkeeper Chris Charsley, a serving police officer	officer	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
On 15 July, Lafayette was acclaimed commander in chief of the National Guard of France, an armed force established to maintain order, and under the control of the Assembly. Lafayette proposed the name and the symbol of the group: a blue, white and red	red	ADJ	cockade	NOUN	 cockade
" is the twelfth broadcast episode of the animated television series Phineas and Ferb. The episode sees stepbrothers Phineas and Ferb going to an Egyptian themed theater where they become inspired to befriend a mummy they believe is being kept in the theater basement. They confuse the mummy	mummy	NOUN	for	ADP	 for
" Meelz of ThisGoesIn concluded that " Numb " is a single quality track, " which we can see seeping through the radio in the latter half of 2012 – with the mantra of letting your problems go and dance. " The Lantern's Alex Antonetz wrote that	that	SCONJ	both	DET	 both
Additionally, the storm brought light precipitation to some areas of both states. As the storm traveled parallel to the East Coast of the United States, smalls crafts were also advised to remain in port between Edisto Island and the mouth of the Little River in South Carolina	Carolina	PROPN	.	PUNCT	.
Cavalry was provided by the Persians, Bactrians, Medes, Cissians and Saka; most of these probably fought as lightly armed missile cavalry. The style of fighting used by the Persians was probably to stand off from an enemy, using their bows (or equivalent)	)	PUNCT	to	PART	 to
They were allowed to return after 1856. During their period of exile, rivalry between the various factions became obvious, a conflict which became the basis for political allegiances in later years. In the meantime, Magheru, upon the advice of Colquhoun, ordered the demobilization	demobilization	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
The DVD release, which was distributed by Eros Entertainment, is available in 16: 9 Anamorphic widescreen, Dolby Digital 5.1 Surround, progressive 24 FPS, widescreen and NTSC format. With a runtime of 147 minutes, the DVD has a provision for English subtitles.	.	PUNCT	However	ADV	 However
On using Lennertz's theme, McCreary said, " I was excited for the opportunity to incorporate his music into my S.H.I.E.L.D. score, because it further cements the Marvel [Cinematic] Universe together as a coherent whole... Chris was thrilled and sent me his scores for	for	ADP	reference	NOUN	 reference
The movie stumbles along most of the way. It's hard to remember Moore is playing Bond at times – in fact, if he and Seymour were black, the picture could pass as one of the black exploitation films of the day. There are few interesting	interesting	ADJ	action	NOUN	 action
After moving northeastward, it turned to the northwest, threatening the northeastern United States as an intensifying subtropical storm that was gradually developing tropical characteristics. A high pressure system turned it to the northeast, and after peaking at 70 mph (110 km / h) it	it	PRON	became	VERB	 became
Indian troops secured Jammu, Srinagar and the valley itself during the First Kashmir War, but the intense fighting flagged with the onset of winter, which made much of the state impassable. Prime Minister Nehru, recognising the degree of international attention brought to bear on the	the	DET	dispute	NOUN	 dispute
In Dominican Republic, the Civil Defense Force reported that severe flooding in the northern portions of that country caused the evacuation of more than 700 people. Overall, the storm caused roughly $35,000 in damage across the island. Impact was lesser in Haiti, where squalls	squalls	NOUN	tore	VERB	 tore
The trial proved successful and Bazeley undertook to use funds originally designated to buy aggregate to purchase in excess of £2 m of NeoWeb material. The NeoWeb was shipped to Cyprus by PRS and Bazeley convinced the RAF to re route a flight via Cyprus to pick it	it	PRON	up	ADP	 up
Their activism resulted in the Hunting Wild Horses and Burros on Public Lands Act in 1959. However, the 1959 Act did not resolve all the advocate's concerns, leading to the passage of the Wild and Free Roaming Horses and Burros Act in 1971. The Bureau	Bureau	PROPN	of	ADP	 of
One form of art particularly apt for Baroque purposes was the theater. Various theatrical shows were most often staged in conjunction with religious occasions and moralizing, and commonly utilized folk stylization. School theaters had become common among both the Protestant and Catholic secondary schools. A permanent	permanent	ADJ	court	NOUN	 court
The following morning the inhabitants attacked the Spanish party but were defeated. The Spanish then continued to Ake, where they engaged in a major battle, which left more than 1,200 Maya dead. After this Spanish victory, the neighbouring Maya leaders all surrendered. Montejo's	's	PART	party	NOUN	 party
Punch sponsored a sculling prize and though this event did not attract any international entrants, Rush, Trickett and Laycock competed over the Championship course in early October 1882. Rush won not only the Punch Trophy but regained the Australian Championship. Following his defeat in the Walker	Walker	PROPN	Whiskey	PROPN	 Whiskey
In payment, she promises to hand the Solex over to him at a Muay Thai venue the next day. At the match, Bond discovers Anders dead and meets Scaramanga. Bond spots the Solex on the floor and is able to smuggle it away to Hip,	,	PUNCT	who	PRON	 who
To facilitate the positive identification of the substance, FTIR instruments are loaded with databases that can be searched for known spectra that match the unknown's spectra. However, FTIR analysis of mixtures, while not impossible, presents specific difficulties due to the cumulative nature of the	the	DET	response	NOUN	 response
" Age of Empires III was the eighth best selling PC game of 2005 despite its late release, and sold over 2 million copies by May 2007. The game's visuals were highly praised by reviewers. In a preview, IGN said that " After seeing the	the	DET	screenshots	NOUN	 screenshots
Herbst was by this time divorced from his first wife. Upon his arrival in the CBI Theater, Herbst acquired the nickname " Pappy " because of his graying hair, his having a son in school, and his much greater age (34) relative to the	the	DET	other	ADJ	 other
The Armenian king himself had an opportunity to display his ability as a marksman by shooting an arrow through the bodies of two buffaloes. The event at Puteolis also marked the first attested appearance of female gladiators: Nero admired him for this action [(Tiridates ' refusal	refusal	NOUN	to	PART	 to
Some hypergolic rocket propellants, such as hydrazine, are highly toxic prior to combustion, but decompose into less toxic compounds after burning. Rockets using hydrocarbon fuels, such as kerosene, release carbon dioxide and soot in their exhaust. However, carbon dioxide emissions are insignificant	insignificant	ADJ	compared	VERB	 compared
Krypton fluoride also makes a useful laser. From 1960 to 1983, the official length of a meter was defined by the 605 nm wavelength of the orange spectral line of krypton 86, because of the high power and relative ease of operation of krypton discharge tubes.	.	PUNCT	Krypton	PROPN	 Krypton
Charles I, who ruled from 1331 to 1357, and was the son of François Grimaldi's cousin Rainier I, significantly enlarged the fortress by adding two large buildings: one against the eastern ramparts and the second looking out over the sea. This changed the appearance	appearance	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
The last definite account of the " solitaire " of Réunion was Feuilley's from 1708, indicating that the species probably became extinct sometime early in the century. In the 1820s, Louis Henri de Freycinet asked an old slave about drontes (old Dutch word for dodo	dodo	NOUN	)	PUNCT	)
" Mike Chang's first major storyline was the most widely praised of the episode. West said Shum " really showed his acting chops ", and Urban thought the " plot worked well ", though she heaped scorn on the notion that " any college would consider	consider	VERB	glee	PROPN	 glee
In the 10th century, the Bishop of Worcester leased out various small estates attached to the Church in the three counties (Worcestershire, Gloucestershire and Warwickshire) to several high ranking men and women, usually for three lifespans. The pattern may be taken to suggest that	that	SCONJ	this	DET	 this
Apu decides to take advantage of this unusual situation for financial gain. The convenience store becomes more profitable as a tourist trap, until the freezer's cooling system fails, causing Jasper to defrost and walk away. Lisa appears on the TV news program Smartline to tell	tell	VERB	the	DET	 the
While on the same day 9 Platoon, C Company, 2 RAR / NZ also assaulted and occupied a camp initially believed to be of similar strength and held it for 19 hours after repeated attacks from a Viet Cong force estimated to be of company strength. Meanwhile	Meanwhile	ADV	,	PUNCT	,
Upon landing, boulderers employ falling techniques similar to those used in gymnastics: spreading the impact across the entire body to avoid bone fractures, and positioning limbs to allow joints to move freely throughout the impact. As with other forms of climbing, bouldering technique is largely	largely	ADV	centered	VERB	 centered
The aircraft plant attacked on 27 November and 3 December was only lightly damaged as high winds and clouds prevented accurate bombing. The incendiary raid conducted on the night of 29 / 30 November by 29 Superfortresses burnt out one tenth of a square mile, and was also	also	ADV	judged	VERB	 judged
It generally grows as a dense shrub up to 2 m (7 ft) tall, has serrated leaves and unusual red, pendent (hanging) inflorescences which are generally hidden in the foliage. First described by Scottish naturalist Robert Brown in 1830, Banksia caleyi was	was	AUX	named	VERB	 named
In the second act, he deals with being fired. The firing was at the hands of the son of the person who had hired him 36 years prior. In the play, Loman reveals his past in scenes from his memory that the audience is challenged to	to	PART	judge	VERB	 judge
Kurt and Blaine attend a party hosted by New Directions co captain Rachel Berry (Lea Michele). The attendees play spin the bottle, which results in Rachel and Blaine kissing. In the aftermath, Blaine wonders whether he might be bisexual, and goes on a	a	DET	date	NOUN	 date
You may remember me from such nature films as Earwigs: Eww! and Man vs. Nature: The Road to Victory. " McClure's most prominent role occurs in the seventh season episode " A Fish Called Selma ". In the episode, McClure begins a relationship	relationship	NOUN	with	ADP	 with
One of the scouts who saw Tracy in The Last Mile was director John Ford. Ford wanted Tracy for the lead role in his next picture, a prison movie. Production company Fox Film Corporation were unsure about Tracy, saying that he did not photograph well,	,	PUNCT	but	CCONJ	 but
In 1985, the BBC arts series Arena included a documentary about the road. The road is mentioned in the title of the music hall song " Knocked ' em in the Old Kent Road ". It was written in 1891 by Albert Chevalier, who was the	the	DET	lyricist	NOUN	 lyricist
The Norfolk Dolls won the new World Association of Women's Wrestling (WAWW) Tag Team Title in June 2007 by defeating the Legion of Womb, but it became inactive due to no title defenses by the Norfolk Dolls. At the age of 14, Knight sent	sent	VERB	résumés	NOUN	 résumés
So when people come out they ’ re probably still gonna be a bit surprised to see it live, after seeing the video. But I ’ m very pleased with the video. I love the colours and it ’ s reminiscent of the whole late 70s	70s	NOUN	early	ADJ	 early
Sarah Stegall, in The Munchkyn Zone, wrote positively of the entry and gave it a 5 out of 5 rating. Stegall highlighted the " taut storyline " and the " excellent direction ". John Keegan, writing for Critical Myth, gave the episode a favorable	favorable	ADJ	review	NOUN	 review
This was completed on 26 May and Brilliant escorted the light cruiser Jamaica with King George VI aboard as he visited the Channel Islands on 7 June. From 13 June, based at Holy Loch, Scotland, she escorted surrendered U boats as part of Operation Deadlight before	before	ADP	being	AUX	 being
Dell " sought arbitration to enforce the agreement, claiming that Falk ' unilaterally ' had rewritten clients ' third party contracts to reduce fees to Dell. " Falk and partners Curtis Polk and Mike Higgins soon propelled FAME to the top of the NBA player representation business.	.	PUNCT	At	ADP	 At
Isle of Man is the least successful nation, having only won once in 2014. The current winners, as of April 2016, are Wales, represented by Cordia with the song " Dim Ond Un ". Formed in Killarney, County Kerry, Ireland, the	the	DET	Pan	PROPN	 Pan
Shortly after Christmas, as the insurgents were gearing up for their final offensive, Sihanouk spoke with the French diplomat Etienne Manac ' h. He said that his hopes for a moderate socialism akin to Yugoslavia's must now be totally dismissed. Stalinist Albania, he said,	,	PUNCT	would	AUX	 would
All representatives on the Committee are appointed by the metropolitan mayor and the Council, with the mayor — or someone of his or her choosing — serving as head. District councils are chiefly responsible for waste management and construction projects within their respective districts. They each maintain	maintain	VERB	their	PRON	 their
It premiered on November 1, 2003, on Japan's NHK BS Hi Vision satellite service. Twenty episodes of the anime aired until March 27, 2004, when the series concluded prematurely before the manga was completed. Satellite television network Animax has broadcast the anime in	in	ADP	multiple	ADJ	 multiple
A series of mileposts made in cast iron appear on the stretch of road between Aylesford and Addington; at Ditton, Larkfield and Ryarsh. The one at Larkfield is shown on an 1862 Ordnance Survey map and the Ditton post is shown on a similar map of 1869	1869	NUM	.	PUNCT	.
Hannah's " distinguished service " during the conflict was recognised with his appointment as a Companion of the Order of the Bath (CB) in June 1959. As Director General of Plans and Policy from March 1959, he was responsible for commencing the Department of Air	Air	PROPN	's	PART	's
Mary Mac's Tea Room and Paschal's are more formal destinations for Southern food. Atlanta is home to professional franchises for three major team sports: the Atlanta Braves of Major League Baseball, the Atlanta Hawks of the National Basketball Association, and the Atlanta Falcons of	of	ADP	the	DET	 the
A game based reality show for children, which was aired between 2003 2004, was titled " O Podu ". AVM was involved in the show, which was produced by Vikatan Televistas and directed by Gerald. The show was broadcast for 26 weeks on Sun TV	TV	NOUN	on	ADP	 on
McGary debuted with the Thunder on December 14 with 4 rebounds and 3 points in 7: 15 of play against the Phoenix Suns. Subsequently, McGary was sidelined for 2 – 3 weeks with periostitis (inflammation) in his left tibia. He returned from injury on	on	ADP	February	PROPN	 February
Unlike nitrous oxide (N2O), xenon is not a greenhouse gas and so it is also viewed as environmentally friendly. Xenon vented into the atmosphere is being returned to its original source, so no environmental impact is likely. Xenon induces robust cardioprotection and neuroprotection through	through	ADP	a	DET	 a
This immunity was further extended in later cases. The courts began to turn against this position in the 20th century; the case of Cunard v Antifyre [1933] 1 KB 551 established that a landlord could be liable if the source of an injury emanated from property	property	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
The storm made landfall on December 11 on the eastern tip of the Dominican Republic. Later that evening, Olga transitioned into a tropical storm just after making landfall. Olga tracked over Hispaniola and emerged in the Caribbean Sea. Strong wind shear and dry air caused Olga	Olga	PROPN	to	PART	 to
The score of Wicked is heavily thematic, bearing in some senses more resemblance to a film score than a traditional musical score. While many musical scores employ new motifs and melodies for each song with little overlap, Schwartz integrated a handful of leitmotifs throughout the production.	.	PUNCT	Some	PRON	 Some
LACM 33542 comprised a large partial hindlimb (" a third larger than described specimens of T. neglectus and Parksosaurus or nearly twice as large as Hypsilophodon ") including a foot, tarsus, shin bones, and partial thigh bone, along with five cervical (neck)	)	PUNCT	and	CCONJ	 and
Even though earthquake swarms can be dangerous, scientists are able to model such events to analyze their structure. During the earthquake swarm in 2007, a group of scientists investigated the possibility that a volcanic eruption would occur. Five additional seismographs were placed in the earthquake zone	zone	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
Although lesbian feminism was a significant shift, not all lesbians agreed with it. Lesbian feminism was a youth oriented movement: its members were primarily college educated, with experience in New Left and radical causes, but they had not seen any success in persuading radical organizations	organizations	NOUN	to	PART	 to
In 1949, Stackpole moved to Chauriat in the Puy de Dôme area of central France, returning with his second wife Ginette to her birthplace. There, his art became less figurative and more abstract, both in sculpture and in painting. He kept a flow of	of	ADP	correspondence	NOUN	 correspondence
In the nave south wall are two early 19th century windows set in square frames, one single light and one two light. The transept has a 19th century two light arched window in its south wall, which contains the oldest stained glass in the church: 15th	15th	ADJ	century	NOUN	 century
Clippard was named FSL pitcher of the week for the week of July 10 through 17. For the season, opponents batted.219 against him and he struck out 169 batters in 147 1 ⁄ 3 innings, while walking 34. He led Yankees farmhands in strikeouts and finished	finished	VERB	fifth	ADV	 fifth
His fourth album, Security (1982) — also released in German as the Deutsches Album (1982) — saw success with Gabriel's music video for the eye opening " Shock the Monkey ". Gabriel won the Grand Jury Prize at the Cannes Film Festival for	for	ADP	scoring	VERB	 scoring
However, remains of C. spelea are larger than any living C. ferox. Goodman and colleagues found that skull measurements in specimens they identified as C. spelea were 1.07 to 1.32 times as large as in adult C. ferox, and postcranial measurements were 1.19 to 1.37 times as	as	ADV	large	ADJ	 large
The Enforcers and Inspectors start hunting Makishima, who aims to destroy the society created by the Sibyl System. To do this he causes riots in the city to draw the police away from the Health and Welfare Ministry's Nona Tower facility, where Sibyl is located.	.	PUNCT	Akane	PROPN	 Akane
This was the only German armoured division having just two tank battalions, one understrength, in its single tank regiment; the total number of tanks in the unit was 141. The intention was that it should exploit a breach in the Dutch lines created by the 254th	254th	NOUN	and	CCONJ	 and
A Spanish study showed that northern pintail and common pochard were the species with the highest levels of lead shot ingestion, higher than in northern countries of the western Palearctic flyway, where lead shot has been banned. In the United States, Canada, and many western	western	ADJ	European	ADJ	 European
Upon his return he was promoted to full professor at the university in February 1987, but he resigned in 1988. During the 1990s Jarrell continued to explore aspects of black life in his paintings. Dudes on the Street (1991) is a depiction of black life	life	NOUN	in	ADP	 in
One lap later, Valtteri Bottas became the first of the front runners to pit, putting on the medium compound, followed just a lap later by teammate Massa. While Räikkönen had moved up to eighth place by lap 12, Sergio Pérez and Carlos Sainz, Jr.	Jr.	PROPN	got	VERB	 got
" After watching the first three episodes, Aaron Riccio of Slant Magazine also praised the new season, writing " The plots have generally been the " fringe " of Fringe; the meat has been in the characters ' developing feelings for one another. Now the two	two	NUM	are	AUX	 are
The ovens found in the corners of the room suggest the room was an octagonal shape internally: similar to the kitchens found at Glastonbury Abbey. From 2000 until 2008, the abbey ruins were used for training excavations for archaeology students at the School of Ancient History and	and	CCONJ	Archaeology	PROPN	 Archaeology
Secretary Delano had allowed " Indian Attorneys " who were paid by Native American tribes $8.00 a day plus food and traveling expenses for sham representation in Washington. Other corruption charges were brought up against Secretary Delano and he was forced to resign. In 1875, Grant	Grant	PROPN	appointed	VERB	 appointed
By that time, Cooper had already written the outline of " Small Victories " as the season 4 opener. " Small Victories " resumes the cliffhanger ending of " Nemesis " and alludes to events of that episode several times. The episode begins aboard a Russian submarine	submarine	NOUN	where	SCONJ	 where
In the early 1990s, Azaria was in a relationship with the actress Julie Warner. His relationship with actress Helen Hunt began in 1994; they married in a traditional Jewish ceremony at the couple's home in Southern California on July 17, 1999. The two had	had	AUX	appeared	VERB	 appeared
In reaction to the McCarthyite red baiting of scientists, he expressed disdain that Science, that was going to save the world in H. G. Wells ' time is regimented, straight jacked, [and] scared shitless, its universal language diminished to one word: security	security	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
In 1995, a new single for the Angus soundtrack was released, entitled " J.A.R. ". The single debuted at number one on the Billboard Modern Rock Tracks chart. The song was followed by the band's fourth studio album, Insomniac, which was released in	in	ADP	the	DET	 the
Genevieve Koski of The A.V. Club wrote that on the song, Sia " manage [s] to keep [her] head above the waves of synths... by amping up [her] vocals to match the outsized beats. " David Jeffries of Allmusic compared the	the	DET	song	NOUN	 song
In Houston, 13 teenagers were arrested after successfully throwing a party and causing up to $100,000 of damage to an empty home. When police questioned the teens about their motivation, they claimed to have been inspired by the film. A second Houston party attracted between	between	ADP	500	NUM	 500
Walls reformed the all white Rhodesian Light Infantry (RLI) into a commando battalion similar to the SAS during the mid 1960s, with Reid Daly serving under him as regimental sergeant major. After leaving the RLI in 1967, Walls became head of the Rhodesian Army in	in	ADP	1972	NUM	 1972
Peeresses use equivalent designs, but in the form of a circlet, which encircles the head, rather than a coronet, which rests atop the head. Peers are entitled to the use of supporters in their achievements of arms. Hereditary supporters are normally limited to hereditary	hereditary	ADJ	peers	NOUN	 peers
Defended by Thomas Erskine and Lloyd Kenyon, Gordon was accidentally assisted by the Attorney General, James Wallace, who managed to " ridicule " some of his own evidence before Gordon was set back by Kenyon's lacklustre and confusing speech. However, an impassioned speech by	by	ADP	Erskine	PROPN	 Erskine
Aside from Captain Mends on Arethusa, casualties were severe on both sides. Amethyst had eight killed and 37 wounded from a crew of 222, while the French ship lost 47 killed and 73 wounded from a crew of 339. Recriminations among the British officers began within	within	ADP	minutes	NOUN	 minutes
The nursing schools were required to compress the traditional nursing program of 36 months to 30 months. Of the 1,300 schools of nursing in the country, 1,125 participated in the program. The Corps operated from 1943 until 1948, and during this period 179,294 student nurses enrolled	enrolled	VERB	in	ADP	 in
Tequila and Alan manage to kill their attackers just before Wong arrives, which allows Alan to keep his cover. Wong realizes that one of his gangsters named Foxy (Tung Wei), is an informant for the police. Foxy is beaten at the docks by Wong	Wong	PROPN	's	PART	's
" Ken also chooses not to mention Martha to Deirdre; Roache believed that she would be angry if she found out. Roache revealed that Ken is not thinking about having an affair with Martha, but he is " captivated " by her, and does have feelings	feelings	NOUN	for	ADP	 for
Chinautla Viejo was attacked by the invading Spanish in 1525; the first two attacks against the heavily fortified city were unsuccessful. The besieged city received Poqomam reinforcements that were comprehensively defeated on an open field of battle, with the Spanish cavalry being decisive. The capture of	of	ADP	Poqomam	PROPN	 Poqomam
In one last attempt to derail the legislation in debate, Federalists argued that the judiciary would strike down the repeal as unconstitutional; Breckinridge denied the notion that the courts had the power to invalidate an act of Congress. On February 3, the Senate repealed the act	act	NOUN	by	ADP	 by
Fearing continued loss of political strength as poor economic times continued, Macdonald planned to hold an election by the end of 1886, but had not yet issued the writ when an Ontario provincial election was called by Macdonald's former student, Liberal Ontario Premier Oliver Mowat.	.	PUNCT	The	DET	 The
It runs 53.80 mi (86.58 km) from an interchange with the Delaware Memorial Bridge extension of the New Jersey Turnpike (Interstate 295 and U.S. Route 40) in Deepwater, Salem County, where it continues north as U.S. Route 130 southeast to Route 50 and County	County	PROPN	Route	PROPN	 Route
The Chinese forces lacked the ability to lay siege to the city, so the evacuation order caught Peng by surprise. On the morning of January 3, Peng ordered the PVA 13th Army to pursue the retreating UN forces by attacking towards Seoul. The US 24th,	,	PUNCT	25th	PROPN	 25th
" From beneath the sheltering arm of God, Eve looks out, a little apprehensively. The " glory " of God, represented by a dark shaded area around him, has the same anatomical geometry as a human brain. The central scene, of God creating	creating	VERB	Eve	PROPN	 Eve
From 1979 to 2000, on average there were fewer than 10 days per winter in which snow fell in the islands of the south west and the coastal areas of Devon and Cornwall, and slightly more than 10 days on average near to the Severn Estuary. Inland	Inland	PROPN	areas	NOUN	 areas
The route continues further, passing through a lumber yard, where it turns southward and further southeastward into the community of Finch Hill. In Finch Hill, PA 106 passes Our Mother of Sorrows Cemetery and intersects with PA 247 (Lakeland Drive) in the center of	of	ADP	the	DET	 the
Great Britain received the remainder of France's North American territories, and Spain exchanged some of their holdings in Florida for Havana. With France no longer a threat to Spain's North American interests, the Spanish monarchy commissioned the Marquis of Rubí to inspect all of the	the	DET	presidios	NOUN	 presidios
Unbeknownst to them, the person who saved Homer was Maggie, who fires at the mobsters from her window with a scoped sporting rifle. " Poppa's Got a Brand New Badge " was written by Dana Gould and directed by Pete Michels. It was first broadcast	broadcast	VERB	on	ADP	 on
The Smiths entered Matrix Studios in London on September 1983 to record a second studio version of the song for release as a single. However, the result — known as the ' London version ' — was unsatisfactory and soon after, the band travelled to Strawberry Studios	Studios	PROPN	in	ADP	 in
The plans, made public in late June 1960, called for a World Trade Center to be built on a 13 acre (53,000 m2) site along the East River, from Old Slip to Fulton Street and between Water Street and South Street. The complex would	would	AUX	include	VERB	 include
For example, the Due Process Clause is also the foundation of a constitutional right to privacy. The Court first ruled that privacy was protected by the Constitution in Griswold v. Connecticut (1965), which overturned a Connecticut law criminalizing birth control. While Justice William O.	O.	PROPN	Douglas	PROPN	 Douglas
The PlayStation 3 version received critical acclaim. IGN gave the game an " Editor's Choice " Award, praised the enhanced resolutions, lower price point, and smoother frame rates, and stated it was the " definitive way to play the game ". 1up.com noted	noted	VERB	the	DET	 the
In June 2009, she offered to settle the suit for $308,000, the land her family lives on, and some other properties. Stolen Innocence reached number six on the New York Times best seller list, and 400,000 copies were confirmed to have been printed by	by	ADP	March	PROPN	 March
Hager started wrestling at the age of five. He wrestled in high school with Danny Hodge's grandson and remains good friends with Hodge as he grew up living two blocks away from him in Perry, Oklahoma. Hager was a two sport athlete in high school,	,	PUNCT	competing	VERB	 competing
This was first done to honor three former Hopkins players who were killed in action during the First World War. The tradition has continued to date and additional stars have been added for players killed in the Second World War and Viet Nam. In 1928, Johns Hopkins	Hopkins	PROPN	won	VERB	 won
After the original harbours, dating from the 14th and 18th centuries, were replaced in 1839 with a larger harbour, the local council tried to find fishermen who would be interested in migrating to Arbroath in order to take advantage of the new facilities offered. The town	town	NOUN	council	NOUN	 council
West Carnifax was one of the West boats, a series of steel hulled cargo ships built for the United States Shipping Board (USSB) on the West Coast of the United States. The ship was the first ship built at Southwestern Shipbuilding in San Pedro, California	California	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
First collected in 2005, it was described and named in 2010 by Fernando Esteve Raventós and Gabriel Moreno, and is known only from oak forests in Ciudad Real Province, Spain. The species produces mushrooms with dark reddish brown caps up to 15 millimetres (0.59 in	in	ADP	)	PUNCT	)
Literary critic Mark Caldwell said the fact that Kenny survived the episode demonstrates the episode's " strong, albeit dutifully ironic, undercurrent of conventional holiday decency. " Alison Halsall said " Mr. Hankey, the Christmas Poo " is the strongest example of a history of scatology	scatology	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
" The conditions were that the Commission would fund no more than half of the project, with the remaining balance being covered by project backers. The BWB had made an earlier plan for the reopening of the canal link, which comprehensively covered the necessary work. In	In	ADP	1994	NUM	 1994
In response, he ordered that Persian influence was to be used to check and constrain the rising power and influence of the Macedonian kingdom. In 340 BC, a Persian force was dispatched to assist the Thracian prince, Cersobleptes, to maintain his independence. Sufficient effective	effective	ADJ	aid	NOUN	 aid
With the army revitalized, Saint Just returned briefly to Paris where his success was applauded. However, there was little time to celebrate. He was quickly sent back to the frontlines, this time in Belgium where the Army of the North was experiencing the same problems	problems	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
Palpatine being Chancellor before becoming Emperor mirrors Adolf Hitler's role as Chancellor before appointing himself Dictator. The Great Jedi Purge alludes to the events of The Holocaust, the Great Purge, the Cultural Revolution, and the Night of the Long Knives. In addition, Lucas	Lucas	PROPN	himself	PRON	 himself
Ventral to the visceral mass, the body cavity is occupied by a huge esophageal gland, which extends to fill the ventral floor of the mantle cavity. The digestive system is simple, and is reduced to less than 10% of the typical volume in gastropods.	.	PUNCT	The	DET	 The
It was only unearthed in the middle of the 19th century, when it was dedicated to Saint Demetrius. It was proclaimed a monument of culture of national importance in 1956. According to Bulgarian National Revival enlightener Stefan Zahariev from Pazardzhik, St Demetrius was not the first	first	ADJ	church	NOUN	 church
In the second 75 second clip, Toby calls a workplace bullying meeting and the office discussing how Andy has been harassing various people. Kevin tries to maintain that Angela bullies him, and states that she will not give him her cat because he killed his turtle "	"	PUNCT	a	DET	 a
Therefore, the status of the proposal to link Minneapolis – Saint Paul with Chicago via Iowa is unknown. In 1998, New York State initiated a $185 million program in partnership with Amtrak to increase the speeds of the Empire Service to 125 mph (200 km	km	NOUN	/	SYM	 /
It was a low scoring series, and Morris placed third in the Australian Test averages and aggregates, behind Hassett with 365 at 36.50. Morris ' batting was regarded by commentators as being more carefree than during the Invincibles tour. He took his second and final wicket	wicket	NOUN	in	ADP	 in
While there was a substantial formalist reaction within the modernist schools to the breakdown of structure, this reaction focused as much on the development of new formal structures and syntheses as on the revival of older forms and structures. Recently, postmodernism has come to convey more completely	completely	ADV	prose	VERB	 prose
Vio, a 30 year old native of Fiume, was a first time submarine commander. Vio and U 32 began their first patrol on 3 July when they sailed from Pola for a Mediterranean deployment. East of Manfredonia two days later, an enemy submarine launched a	a	DET	spread	NOUN	 spread
The boundaries of the ethnic dioceses overlap those of certain geographic ones. These dioceses are the result of smaller ethnic jurisdictions joining the OCA at some point in its history, usually after having broken from other bodies. Dioceses are established by the Holy Synod whenever needed,	,	PUNCT	and	CCONJ	 and
In 1853 William D. Brown had the first vision for the city, leading him to found the Lone Tree Ferry crossing the Missouri River from Council Bluffs, Iowa. Later the Council Bluffs and Nebraska Ferry Company hired Alfred D. Jones to plat Omaha City, which was	was	AUX	among	ADP	 among
Special hardware, such as Romantic Robot's Multiface, was able to dump a copy of the ZX Spectrum RAM to disk / tape at the press of a button, entirely circumventing the copy protection systems. Most Spectrum software has been converted to current media and is	is	AUX	available	ADJ	 available
His advertisements with Vidya Balan for Airtel won critical acclaim, and brought in film offers for the pair to feature together. In June 2010, marketers from Arun Excello promoted a housing project in Oragadam, Chennai in a similar fashion to the release of a new film	film	NOUN	featuring	VERB	 featuring
F / Os H. Connelly and J. Hunt had gone up together to practice circuits and landings. As they made a circuit, preparatory to landing, the Mosquito stalled and crashed from 500 feet (150 m). A few days before Christmas 1944, there was	was	VERB	another	DET	 another
Students at participating schools are also allowed " in house " borrowing privileges at other schools ' libraries. The BTAA uses collective purchasing and licensing, and has saved member institutions $19 million to date. Course sharing, professional development programs, study abroad and international collaborations	collaborations	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
In early July 2006, Cartoon Network began running a teaser promo during its Adult Swim lineup. A later press release and many other promos confirmed that the show's 45 original episodes would nightly air from Monday to Thursday starting on that date. Playhouse attracted 1.5 million	million	NUM	viewers	NOUN	 viewers
" Craig Jenkins of Pitchfork Media gave this song the tag of " Best New Track " and stated, " ' Sanctified ' is an outstanding entry into Ross and Kanye ’ s catalogue of stunners, but it never feels like Ross ' song. " Christopher Weingarten	Weingarten	PROPN	of	ADP	 of
Frequent volcanism within the last 10,000 years created complexes from Mount Garibaldi in British Columbia to north California's Lassen Peak complex. Remarkably different from state to state, the volcanism ranges from large volcanoes to zones of many smaller geologic features such as lava shields and cinder cones	cones	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
For 2016, India ranked 130th in Ease of Doing Business Index, which is setback as compared with China 84th, Russia 51st and Brazil 116th. According to Index of Economic Freedom World Ranking an annual survey on economic freedom of the nations, India ranks 123rd as	as	SCONJ	compared	VERB	 compared
In 1994, David was chosen to join the Penang state squash team for the Malaysian Games (SUKMA) tournament where she helped Penang win a gold medal in the team event, despite being ill at the time. In the same year, she won her first	first	ADJ	two	NUM	 two
The soft compounds were denoted by a green stripe on their side walls; the wet compound tyres were identified by a green line at the bottom of their central groove. The rules of 2010 Grand Prix races stipulated that all cars should use both types of tyre during	during	ADP	a	DET	 a
The black winged subspecies is seldom seen in groups larger than four or five, while the clinking currawong may form groups of up to forty birds over the non breeding season. There is some evidence of territoriality, as birds in the Wheatbelt maintain territories year round there	there	ADV	.	PUNCT	.
It is recorded as being one of only five castles in Scotland held by the Scots at this time. In 1342, David II spent the summer hunting at Urquhart, the only king to have stayed here. Over the next two hundred years, the Great Glen	Glen	PROPN	was	AUX	 was
In contrast, non magnetized planets have only small magnetospheres induced by interaction of the ionosphere with the solar wind, which can not effectively protect the planet. Of the eight planets in the Solar System, only Venus and Mars lack such a magnetic field. In addition	addition	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
He received a partial Samoan pe ' a tattoo in 2003. In 2006, Johnson founded the Dwayne Johnson Rock Foundation, a charity working with at risk and terminally ill children. On October 2, 2007, he and his ex wife donated $1 million to	to	ADP	the	DET	 the
Four days later, Calabria and the gunboat Volturno attacked a quarantine station near Perim. In early 1912, the Italian Red Sea Fleet searched for a group of seven Ottoman gunboats thought to be planning an attack on Eritrea, though they were in fact immobilized due to	to	ADP	a	DET	 a
Hela was 104.6 meters (343 ft 2 in) long at the waterline and 105 m (344 ft 6 in) overall. She had a beam of 11 m (36 ft 1 in) and a draft of 4.46 m (14 ft 8 in)	)	PUNCT	forward	ADV	 forward
Tromsø originally planned to build their own track, but later in the bidding process also Tromsø announced that they intended to bid using the Lillehammer track, despite a distance of 1,500 kilometers (930 mi) between Tromsø and Lillehammer. This was after the International Olympic Committee	Committee	PROPN	signaled	VERB	 signaled
He told her that if she refused him, he would be forced to resume his sexual relationship with his wife, and that this would likely kill her. MacMillan reacted fearfully, and asked if there was anything else she could do to help Brownlee and his wife	wife	NOUN	;	PUNCT	;
Two missed field goals and a fired up Sooner defense held the Red Raiders off, however, and the Sooners were able to put the game away with a two yard touchdown run by Brown. The Baylor game marked the beginning of a two game stretch of road	road	NOUN	games	NOUN	 games
This was the second Gold rating given to a city hall in the U.S. after Seattle ’ s city hall earned the distinction, and the seventh building in Oregon to earn that level of certification. Contributing factors leading to this award included that during construction, 92%	%	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
The adventure comedy was one of the biggest failures of her career — the screenwriter James Prideaux, who worked with Hepburn, later wrote that it " died at the moment of release " and referred to it as her " lost film ". Hepburn claimed the main	main	ADJ	reason	NOUN	 reason
The bow has been cut off by the scuttling charges detonated by the ship's crew, and sits upright on the sea floor. The stern is also badly damaged, with the main deck blasted away and many shell holes in the ship's side. Some of	of	ADP	the	DET	 the
She scored several hits on the fleeing Ottoman ships before breaking off the chase. Psara and her sisters were too slow to keep up with Georgios Averof, and played no part in the engagement. Since Georgios Averof was needed to keep the blockade, Psara and four	four	NUM	destroyers	NOUN	 destroyers
Under the latter, Condon rewrote his Ph.D. thesis using quantum mechanics, creating the Franck – Condon principle. After seeing an ad in Physical Review, Condon worked in public relations at Bell Telephone Laboratories in fall 1927, in particular promoting their discovery of electron diffraction.	.	PUNCT	Condon	PROPN	 Condon
Two weeks later, he broke his career highs for both yards and receptions in a nine catch 134 yard effort against Iowa. On November 6, he recorded 104 yards and two touchdowns in a six catch performance against Illinois. For the season he totaled 593 yards	yards	NOUN	on	ADP	 on
The Giro started off in Bologna on 22 May with a short 86 km (53.4 mi) stage. The race came to a close on 12 June with a flat stage that stretched 198 km (123.0 mi) from Turin to Milan. Seventeen teams entered the	the	DET	race	NOUN	 race
Rococo provided a brief but significant interlude in Norway, appearing primarily in the decorative arts, and mainly in interiors, furniture and luxury articles such as table silver, glass and stoneware. In some country districts folk artists produced the distinctly Norwegian craft of decorative painting,	,	PUNCT	rosemaling	VERB	 rosemaling
This border had minor modifications in 1947 when all borders of the former Yugoslav constituent republics were defined by demarcation commissions implementing the AVNOJ decisions of 1943 and 1945 regarding the federal organisation of Yugoslavia. The commissions also defined Baranya and Međimurje as Croatian territories, and moreover set	set	VERB	up	ADP	 up
On July 7, 2005, while he was finishing the paper describing the discovery, Brown's daughter Lilah was born, which delayed the announcement further. On July 20, the Caltech team published an online abstract of a report intended to announce the discovery at a	a	DET	conference	NOUN	 conference
A team of archaeologists was present to examine and document the Atari material unearthed by excavation machinery: Andrew Reinhard (American School of Classical Studies at Athens), Richard Rothaus (Trefoil Cultural and Environmental), Bill Caraher (University of North Dakota), with support	support	NOUN	from	ADP	 from
Thome missed a significant portion of the first half of the Phillies ' 2005 season due to injury; he compiled only a.207 batting average with 7 home runs and 30 RBIs going into the All Star break. He was only sporadically effective; one result was that Phillies	Phillies	PROPN	fans	NOUN	 fans
The case would become the landmark U.S. Supreme Court decision of Pennoyer v. Neff that helped define the law of personal jurisdiction. In 1885, Deady admitted Mary Leonard to the federal bar, the first woman admitted to practice in Oregon, though the Oregon Supreme Court at	at	ADP	first	ADV	 first
" Music writer Andrew Lamb notes, " The success of H.M.S. Pinafore in 1879 established British comic opera alongside French opéra bouffe throughout the English speaking world ". Historian John Bush Jones opines that Pinafore and the other Savoy operas demonstrate that musical theatre " can address contemporary	contemporary	ADJ	social	ADJ	 social
There were 13 songs recorded for the album, but only 11 appear on the album. In May 2009, King said of the album: " I think this one has a little bit of everything — more so than anything we've done since Seasons. So	So	ADV	I	PRON	 I
" The music video was also nominated in the category of Viewer's Choice Award, but lost to Fall Out Boy's " Dance, Dance " (2005). At the 2006 MuchMusic Video Awards, the music video won the category of People's Choice:	:	PUNCT	Favourite	PROPN	 Favourite
Although Fuchs was " an asset " of GRU in Britain, his " control " was transferred to the NKGB (Russian: Народный Kомиссариат Государственной Безопасности), the Soviet Union's civilian intelligence organisation, when he moved to New York. He spent Christmas 1943 with	with	ADP	Kristel	PROPN	 Kristel
Items they planted which are still present include the yew finials in the herbaceous border, which were planted in 1856, and the holly oak cylinders in the Ilex Walk, which were also planted in the 1850s. Egerton Warburton was the eldest child of ten; he	he	PRON	had	VERB	 had
A search for sodium in the atmosphere, just after such a finding on Europa, turned up nothing in 1997. Sodium is at least 13 times less abundant around Ganymede than around Europa, possibly because of a relative deficiency at the surface or because the magnetosphere fends	fends	VERB	off	ADP	 off
" PopMatters ' review of the album compared its musical style to that of Brian Eno and Robert Fripp, ultimately categorizing it as " dark ambient ". The review went on to describe the music as " a tonal painting, a collection of moods and not all	all	PRON	of	ADP	 of
These rules are typically those of tort. For example, in R v Pittwood, the defendant was put under a duty to act on account of being contractually obliged to close the gates at a railway crossing. Similar duties include those of a doctor of his patients	patients	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
Hornsby re signed with the Cardinals in 1933, but was released partway through the season and was picked up by the St. Louis Browns. He remained there until his final season in 1937. From 1925 to 1937, Hornsby was intermittently his own manager. After retiring	retiring	VERB	as	ADP	 as
The most recent presidential election was held on 10 January 2010 and was won by Ivo Josipović. He took the oath of office on 18 February 2010. The constitution limits holders of the presidential office to a maximum of two terms and prevents the president from being a	a	DET	member	NOUN	 member
Giving evidence over three days, Harwood said that Tomlinson " just looked as if he was going to stay where he was forever and was almost inviting physical confrontation in terms of being moved on. " He said he had not warned Tomlinson and had acted because Tomlinson	Tomlinson	PROPN	was	AUX	 was
Augustine was the prior of Gregory's own monastery in Rome and Gregory prepared the way for the mission by soliciting aid from the Frankish rulers along Augustine's route. In 597 the forty missionaries arrived in Kent and were permitted by Æthelberht to preach freely in his capital	capital	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
During a raid on a warehouse, James discovers the body of a young boy, in which a live bomb has been surgically implanted. James believes it to be " Beckham " (Christopher Sayegh), an Iraqi youth he had previously befriended. During evacuation,	,	PUNCT	Lieutenant	PROPN	 Lieutenant
He ended with 3 / 44. Miller was rewarded with the new ball in the second innings. He removed Dewes, Edrich and Dick Pollard to end with 3 / 42. This left Australia a target of 225. Miller saw Australia to the target, unbeaten	unbeaten	ADJ	on	ADP	 on
Koquillion encounters the time travellers and attacks, pushing Barbara over a cliff and temporarily trapping Ian and the Doctor. Vicki finds Barbara injured and rescues her from Koquillion, and they share reminiscences. Vicki's father was amongst those who died when the survivors of the crash	crash	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
Security and disaster related risks for the event will be mitigated by the implementation of a comprehensive security operation. Crime in parts of Rio de Janeiro was considered to be an issue for the safety of people attending the Games. Rio de Janeiro's experience in mounting security	security	NOUN	structures	NOUN	 structures
Glen Leigh has eight named waterfalls in 0.64 miles (1.03 km). It is 1.8 miles (2.9 km) from PA 118 in the south to Waters Meet and the southern end of Glen Leigh. The glen is also accessible from the north; it is	is	AUX	1.04	NUM	 1.04
Gudrun emerged from the experience embittered by her alleged mistreatment and has remained devoted to her father's memory. Albert Speer said that though Himmler seemed pedantic and insignificant on the surface, he was a good decision maker, had a talent for selecting highly competent staff,	,	PUNCT	and	CCONJ	 and
It moved off Webster Avenue to a new location on West Street (where it is still in operation as of the 2013 14 academic year). During the 1980s and 1990s, College administrators introduced new initiatives to hold the Greek organizations on campus more accountable for their	their	PRON	actions	NOUN	 actions
Rain on 8 October slowed the U.S. 7th Marines and the Whaling Group as they attempted to cross the Matanikau. Near evening the U.S. 3rd Battalion 2nd Marines reached the first ridge west of the Matanikau about 1 mi (1.6 km) from Point Cruz. Opposite their	their	PRON	position	NOUN	 position
" Frank Berg of NME gave the song a mostly positive review, stating that " What we have here are two titans of black music duetting with another from beyond the grave. For that reason, it's unquestionably An Event ", though feeling " In all	all	DET	honesty	NOUN	 honesty
General Motors called this genset an electric vehicle (EV) range extender. The vehicle was propelled by an electric motor with a peak output of 120 kW (160 hp) delivering 236 lb ft (320 Nm) of motoring torque. The concept car featured several	several	ADJ	advanced	ADJ	 advanced
Slow lorises have a round head because their skull is shorter than in other living strepsirrhine. Like other lorisids, its snout does not taper towards the front of the face as it does in lemurs, making the face appear less long and pointed. Compared to the	the	DET	slender	NOUN	 slender
The NBA claimed the lawsuit was void because Schultz signed a release forbidding himself to sue Bennett's group, but also argued that the proposal would have violated league ownership rules. Schultz dropped the case before the start of the 2008 – 09 NBA season. On July	July	PROPN	18	NUM	 18
... To me, Surrealism is totally artificial. I recently read an interview with the director David Lynch who said he had ideas and images but that he didn't know exactly what they meant. That's how I write. " Another of the album's main	main	ADJ	themes	NOUN	 themes
By World War II, the guns used Type 91 armor piercing, capped shells. Each of these shells weighed 1,020 kilograms (2,250 lb) and had a muzzle velocity of 780 meters per second (2,600 ft / s). Also available was a 936 kilogram	kilogram	NOUN	(	PUNCT	 (
After studying techniques used at the Indianapolis 500 and in NASCAR racing in the United States, the team were able to refuel and re tyre the car in 14 seconds in tests ahead of the race. In 1982 Murray felt the tactic did little more than " get	get	VERB	our	PRON	 our
After detailed planning and preparation, the trans European flight was begun in the same year. During the 25 days of their flight, the pilots flew three of Gustaitis ' designed aircraft, the ANBO IVs, over 10,000 kilometers and visited 12 European capitals. The Lithuanian	Lithuanian	ADJ	pilots	NOUN	 pilots
" As in plot and setting, Tolkien brings his literary theories to bear in forming characters and their interactions. He portrays Bilbo as a modern anachronism exploring an essentially antique world. Bilbo is able to negotiate and interact within this antique world because language and tradition make	make	VERB	connections	NOUN	 connections
Brownlee's work as an MLA extended beyond the legislature. He gave close attention to correspondence from his constituents, especially those alleging improper treatment at Ponoka's psychiatric hospital. He prepared thoroughly for speaking engagements in his riding, trying to anticipate all possible questions. These	These	DET	measures	NOUN	 measures
In the lead up to the Tests, McCabe scored 43, 67 and 19 in two tour matches against the Englishmen. In the First Test in Sydney, with England captain Douglas Jardine again employed Bodyline. This involved constant intimidatory short pitched leg side bowling with a	a	DET	leg	NOUN	 leg
Williams cited " unhappiness with the direction the video was headed " as an explanatory factor; in replacement, a video for " Daydreaming " was filmed. A new visual for the song, directed by Sophia Peer, was shot on December 2 of that year in	in	ADP	Franklin	PROPN	 Franklin
The only gold man who put together any sort of campaign for the Democratic nomination was Treasury Secretary John G. Carlisle, but he withdrew in April, stating that he was more concerned about the platform of the party than who would lead it. However, as late	late	ADV	as	ADP	 as
Back at the Eppes house, Charlie and Don discuss what went wrong. Alan is confident that the math is correct. Don tells Charlie that if Charlie ran his model on Don, the model will not show Don at his apartment. Instead, it would zone	zone	VERB	in	ADP	 in
William and Mary, both Protestants, became king and queen regnant following the Glorious Revolution, which resulted in the adoption of the English Bill of Rights and the deposition of her Roman Catholic father, James II and VII. William became sole ruler upon her death in	in	ADP	1694	NUM	 1694
Lord Malvern equated Britain's removal of Southern Rhodesia's conference seat with " kicking us out of the Commonwealth ", while Welensky expressed horror at what he described as " this cavalier treatment of a country which has, since its creation, staunchly supported, in every	every	DET	possible	ADJ	 possible
Then, Jeter became the all time hits leader as a member of the Yankees (2,722), passing Lou Gehrig on September 11, 2009. The hit was a single off Baltimore Orioles pitcher Chris Tillman in the third inning. In the 2009 postseason, Jeter	Jeter	PROPN	batted.355	PROPN	 batted.355
Each bogie had two motors, each controlling one axle. In 1941, no. 187 was equipped with a SV41 bogie from Strømmen; it had a different spring system that allowed the tram to remain at the same height independent of the weight. Class E was	was	AUX	equipped	VERB	 equipped
The Grand Fleet conducted a sweep into the central North Sea during 17 – 19 May without encountering German vessels. Another patrol followed during 29 – 31 May; it too was uneventful. The fleet conducted gunnery training in mid June. During 2 – 5 September,	,	PUNCT	the	DET	 the
It strengthened into a tropical storm and typhoon while moving northwest. It briefly threatened Wake Island as a typhoon before a Tropical Upper Tropospheric Trough (TUTT) recurved Skip off to the northeast. It then recrossed the date line as a tropical storm. Skip became an	an	DET	extratropical	ADJ	 extratropical
They referred to the song speaking about Usher's " infidelity " to Chilli. Alongside the " cheating " rumors, the public inferred from the lyrics that Usher had impregnated a mistress in real life. Usher, however, emphasized that he was not in a relationship	relationship	NOUN	and	CCONJ	 and
In the film, Chitti often introduces himself by stating the clock rate of his central processing unit, which is 1 terahertz (1012 hertz), and his random access memory limit, which is 1 zettabyte (1021 bytes). This introduction dialogue, which is	is	AUX	spoken	VERB	 spoken
However, after delivering lectures at Oxford University and Cambridge University on similar topics she re considered her choice. She began thinking of ' debt ' as a topic after writing " Letter to America " for The Globe and Mail in March 2003 (later reprinted in The	The	DET	Nation	NOUN	 Nation
Dixie had been headed from New Orleans to New York when she grounded on the reef, located about 60 nautical miles (110 km) south of Miami, Florida and 4.5 nautical miles (8.3 km) off shore. El Occidente, one of 15 ships that	that	PRON	responded	VERB	 responded
The orientation of the roots and teeth indicates that all the teeth were single rooted. The dentary superficially resembles that of various other mammalian groups with enlarged incisors, such as rodents, lagomorphs, hyraxes, wombats, the aye aye, and the extinct apatemyids, tillodonts	tillodonts	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
Druitt was educated at Winchester College, where he won a scholarship at the age of 13, and excelled at sports, especially cricket and fives. He was active in the school's debating society, an interest that might have spawned his desire to become a barrister	barrister	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
In response, NASA commissioned Europa lander concept studies in 2011, along with concepts for a Europa flyby (Europa Clipper), and a Europa orbiter. The orbiter element option concentrates on the " ocean " science, while the multiple flyby element (Clipper) concentrates	concentrates	VERB	on	ADP	 on
Returning to the present day, the group reunites to perform a concert on the roof of Moe's Tavern, singing their number one hit " Baby on Board ". Pedestrians stop and listen to them singing their comeback concert, including George Harrison of The Beatles,	,	PUNCT	who	PRON	 who
Hemingway had intended to write a nonfiction book about bullfighting, but then decided that the week's experiences had presented him with enough material for a novel. A few days after the fiesta ended, on his birthday (21 July), he began writing what would	would	AUX	eventually	ADV	 eventually
A computer draws a station model for each observation location. The station model is primarily used on surface weather maps, but can also be used to show the weather aloft. A completed station model map allows users to analyze patterns in air pressure, temperature, wind	wind	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
The debt payments weighed heavily on the Senators. For several years, Bryden tried to reschedule the debt on the arena. There were various attempts at filing tax losses to write off the debt, all rejected by the federal government. In 2002, Ogden went bankrupt	bankrupt	ADJ	.	PUNCT	.
Despite suffering heavy casualties they pressed their attack, forcing the defenders to surrender after charging the trench with fixed bayonets. A German officer and 20 Melanesians were captured. Four Australians were killed, including Elwell who died leading the charge with his sword drawn, and another	another	DET	five	NUM	 five
Robb Alvey, a notable roller coaster enthusiast, called it a " milestone in roller coaster history ". Millennium Force has consistently ranked high in coaster polls and has won numerous awards. Millennium Force and Superman the Ride (formerly Bizarro) at Six Flags New England	England	PROPN	have	AUX	 have
The zoo later released statements that they wish to keep Knut, and the mayor of Berlin, Klaus Wowereit, also declared he wanted the still adolescent cub to stay in the capital. Disputes between the two zoos continued into 2009. On 19 May, the Berlin	Berlin	PROPN	Zoo	PROPN	 Zoo
Other examples of the epigraphy of the Round Church include several short Glagolitic and Cyrillic texts and separate letters. Among the Glagolitic inscriptions is the Preslav Abecedarium, a liturgical text including the first thirteen letters of that alphabet; some of the Cyrillic texts were written on ceramic	ceramic	ADJ	tiles	NOUN	 tiles
Yet with all that, I was eating my heart out. " Because Brown was still receiving his annual salary and liked to golf, it was said that the only two people who made more money playing golf were Arnold Palmer and Jack Nicklaus. Brown explored coaching	coaching	NOUN	possibilities	NOUN	 possibilities
In 1873 Fletcher and Loring also became principal owners of the Minnetonka Mills Company near Lake Minnetonka, in production between 1881 and 1886. Loring supervised his milling interests until 1880, when his son A. C. Loring took responsibility for their management. The Northwestern Consolidated Milling Company	Company	PROPN	led	VERB	 led
With nitrogen it forms alkaloids, and with the addition of sulfur also it forms antibiotics, amino acids, and rubber products. With the addition of phosphorus to these other elements, it forms DNA and RNA, the chemical code carriers of life, and adenosine triphosphate	triphosphate	NOUN	(	PUNCT	 (
In order to become a cougar herself, Jenna starts to date Aidan, a teenage freshmen at New York University. Jenna breaks up with Aidan when he starts to annoy her by wearing heelies and playing portable video games and acting like Jenna is his mother. Tracy	Tracy	PROPN	is	AUX	 is
The Seventh Street Pike was built starting in the later part of the 1920s to provide a straight north south road in Whitehall Township. The road between Allentown and Mickleys church was widened to three lanes in the 1930s. The southern terminus of PA 329 was cut back	back	ADV	to	ADP	 to
" In response, DraftKings and FanDuel filed lawsuits against the state of New York on November 13, arguing that their games were one of skill, they had been denied due process due to the Attorney General's abruptness, that he does not have the power to	to	PART	make	VERB	 make
Promptly, a number of delegates yelled back, " G! G. Blaine, you fool! " The delegates from the next state in the roll call, Minnesota, nominated Senator William Windom as their " favorite son " candidate. Nine states later, Roscoe Conkling	Conkling	PROPN	of	ADP	 of
" In addition, many of the song's themes deal with Key's battle with drugs and alcohol. While making the album, Yellowcard had also developed a character, Holly Wood, who served as a narrator and protagonist for the album's storyline. The character	character	NOUN	is	AUX	 is
" In the video Rihanna portrays a woman who resorts to killing the man who had previously raped her. They claimed the video promoted gun crime and murder, while the pop star said she wanted to be a voice to victims. After the video became the most	most	ADV	viewed	VERB	 viewed
She appeared as Leticia Musgrove, the troubled wife of an executed murderer (Sean Combs), in the 2001 feature film Monster's Ball. Her performance was awarded the National Board of Review and the Screen Actors Guild best actress prizes; in an interesting coincidence she	she	PRON	became	VERB	 became
As of March 31, 2003, the game had shipped 8.15 million copies worldwide: 3.7 million in Japan and 4.45 million abroad. The opening cut scene in Final Fantasy VIII was ranked second on Game Informer's list of " Top 10 Video Game Openings ",	,	PUNCT	and	CCONJ	 and
The 0.4 mile (640 m) Lake Winfield Scott Trail circles around the lake shore. This easy trail has portions which are wheelchair accessible. Jarrad Gap Trail and Slaughter Gap Trail share a common trailhead, located on the lake's southern tip. Both are approach	approach	NOUN	trails	NOUN	 trails
Even game mechanics were influenced by the Puritan view. A spinner or a top like teetotum, for instance, was utilized in children's board games rather than dice, which were then associated with Satan and gambling. While the Puritan view forbade game playing on the	the	DET	Sabbath	PROPN	 Sabbath
The Ten or More Plan, established by UNHCR in 1973 and administered in the UK by the British Red Cross, is for refugees requiring medical attention not available in their current location. During the 1990s, 2,620 refugees were settled in the UK through these two programmes	programmes	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
It was reported at that time that 70 percent of ground beef sold in U.S. supermarkets contained the additive, and that the USDA considered it as meat. The USDA issued a statement that LFTB was safe and had been included in consumer products for some time, and	and	CCONJ	its	PRON	 its
In early December 1979, the Ministry of Foreign Affairs proposed a joint summit meeting between Amin and Muhammad Zia ul Haq, the President of Pakistan. The Pakistanti Government, accepting a modified version of the offer, agreed to send Agha Shahi, the Pakistani foreign minister	minister	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
An " instantly engaging " electropop beat begins the track; it additionally features " space age sounds " in response to its futuristic concept, with a " throbbing " synth line. Lyrically, themes of female empowerment and being a superhero are dominant on the track.	.	PUNCT	Aguilera	NOUN	 Aguilera
This work consisted of the twin bridges over the Grand River and an interchange at Rest Acres Road. The Canadian National Railway underpass west of Highway 2 was built by the railway. By the beginning of 1978, this work was completed. Work resumed west of Highway	Highway	PROPN	24	NUM	 24
The planetary magnetic field strongly influences the motion of sub micrometer ring particles as well, which acquire an electrical charge under the influence of solar ultraviolet radiation. Their behavior is similar to that of co rotating ions. The resonant interaction between the co rotation and the orbital	orbital	ADJ	motion	NOUN	 motion
A home player who earns a " Bingo " is directed to GSN's website to claim a $50 prize. The series, created by veteran television producer Andrew Glassman, was first announced as green lit on January 30, 2008. The first season contained 40	40	NUM	episodes	NOUN	 episodes
From 1784 until 1788 Clark served as the superintendent surveyor for Virginia's war veterans and surveyed the lands granted to them for their service in the war. The position brought a small income, but Clark devoted very little time to the enterprise. Clark helped to negotiate	negotiate	VERB	the	DET	 the
" The video premiered July 21, 2010 on MTV.com. Actor Michael Jai White portrays Minaj's love interest in the video. The video is set to tell the story of a samurai in training, who falls in love with her master while a jealous peer fights	fights	NOUN	for	ADP	 for
Lead writer and executive producer Russell T Davies chose the name Rose because he considered it a " good luck charm " after he used it for Lesley Sharp's character in Bob & Rose. His desire to make the show " essentially British " was another justification:	:	PUNCT	he	PRON	 he
Bach reflects Jesus ' promise to " make Our dwelling with him " in melismatic lines in counterpoint with motifs in the cello similar to motifs in movement 5. He assigned the words of Jesus to the bass as the vox Christi (voice of Christ). He	He	PRON	illustrates	VERB	 illustrates
Kanellis is also a singer and released her debut album Sevin Sins on April 13, 2010, with " Fantasy " as the first single. In early 2011, Kanellis starred in online comedy webshow Funny or Die, and in March 2011 she launched her own perfume	perfume	NOUN	line	NOUN	 line
The Tsar and General Jean Victor Moreau, formerly a General of France and by 1813 an adviser to the Coalition, wanted to attack at once; Schwarzenberg wanted to wait until additional forces arrived. By waiting one day, the Coalition lost the advantage. As the	the	DET	Coalition	PROPN	 Coalition
To those people tonight, we give a special thank you, and to all the other people that are listening and watching tonight, God bless you. Good night from Apollo 11. On the return to Earth, a bearing at the Guam tracking station failed,	,	PUNCT	potentially	ADV	 potentially
" Yield debuted at number two on the Billboard charts, but like No Code soon began dropping down the charts. It included the singles " Given to Fly " and " Wishlist ". The band hired comic book artist Todd McFarlane to create an animated video for	for	ADP	the	DET	 the
Played by Clancy Brown, Jamie Kaler (as young man), Jordan Orr (as child, Alexei Belyakov), Don Swayze (Tattooed Man) – Further information: Genealogy, and season 2 finale and character fates Brother Justin Crowe is the antagonist in Carnivàle	Carnivàle	PROPN	;	PUNCT	;
No. 2 Group RAF from Bomber Command took on ASO from March to October but their Blenheims were not suitable. The answer lay with the Bristol Beaufighter. It offered a combination of speed, rugged endurance, and multi role capability with a variety of different armament	armament	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
Scholar P.J. Marshall explains that the British public were able to follow the Third Mysore War in newspapers " in much greater detail than would have been the case for any previous war in India. " Thus, when Cornwallis returned victorious from India, he was celebrated well	well	ADV	beyond	ADP	 beyond
At the conclusion of the 2009 season, Harley announced his retirement from AFL football. Harley cited his inability to physically meet the demands of AFL football as his reason for departing the game. Harley retired as one of the most successful captains in Geelong's history:	:	PUNCT	during	ADP	 during
1239 – 25 October 1292) was an English bishop who served as Lord Chancellor of England from 1274 to 1292. A native of Shropshire, he served as a minor royal official before entering into the service of Prince Edward, the future King Edward I of England	England	PROPN	.	PUNCT	.
It is possible that such appearances represent more than one Thored, though that is not a generally accepted theory. His definite predecessor, Oslac, was expelled from England in 975. The historian Richard Fletcher thought that Oslac's downfall may have been the result of opposing	opposing	VERB	the	DET	 the
6 is not needed to protect our children. We have that legal protection now. It could be very costly to implement and has the potential for causing undue harm to people. " Reagan's statement turned public opinion against the proposition almost overnight. Gay activists were	were	AUX	not	PART	 not
Upon their first meeting he silently observes that Jessica is wearing " a blue overgarment of some sort and one of the hideously overdecorated bonnets currently in fashion ". Jessica differs from many other Chase heroines by being interested in fashion; the author felt that " the way	way	NOUN	they	PRON	 they
In April 1952 Sihanouk married Paule Monique Izzi, the daughter of Pomme Peang – a Cambodian lady, and Jean François Izzi, a French banker of Italian ancestry. Monique became Sihanouk's lifelong partner, and in the 1990s she changed her name to Monineath. Before	Before	ADP	his	PRON	 his
(III) Linz and another German pilot were killed. Kriegsmarine fatalities included four sailors on Z33 and three on the converted trawler VP6808; both of these ships were damaged during the attack. There may also have been fatalities on the other German ships. After departing	departing	VERB	the	DET	 the
West Alsek entered the Todd Brooklyn shipyard to undergo the conversion in late February. Upon completion of the conversion work, West Alsek was taken out for trials over two passes on a 16 nautical mile (30 km) course on 19 June. Representatives from the USSB	USSB	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
In all, six people died on the island and losses were estimated at €200 million (US $190 million). A system developed within a convergence zone on January 20 near the boundary between the South West Indian Ocean and the Australia region. Its circulation	circulation	NOUN	became	VERB	 became
It emerged in the late 1990s as a development within a lineage of related styles such as 2 step garage, dub, techno, drum and bass, broken beat, jungle, and reggae. In the UK the origins of the genre can be traced back to	to	ADP	the	DET	 the
One of Dürer's diary entries became key, 400 years later, in the 20th century establishment of Lochner's identity. Only two attributed works are dated, and none are signed. His influence on successive generations of northern artists was substantial. Apart from the many	many	ADJ	direct	ADJ	 direct
A project to make more permanent repairs and prevent future closures began on July 31, and from September 2 to October 24 the highway was closed during the week to allow for more efficient reconstruction. The state signed the detour, which followed Sly Park Road, Mormon	Mormon	PROPN	Emigrant	PROPN	 Emigrant
Some major kennel clubs around the world allow silver Labradors to be registered, but not as silver. The Kennel Club (England) requires that they be registered as " Non recognised. ” Occasionally, Labradors will exhibit small amounts of white fur on their chest,	,	PUNCT	paws	NOUN	 paws
Six hours later, the JMA upgraded Wayne to a typhoon. Later that day, the JMA announced that Wayne attained winds of 160 km / h (100 mph). The storm continued to rapidly deepen, and within 24 hours, Typhoon Wayne had more than	than	ADP	doubled	VERB	 doubled
Handloom weaving declined after the cotton factory was built. Arrowsmith's factory lasted until 1955, when mining subsidence damaged its foundations and it was demolished, ending Astley's link with the textile industry. Astley on the Lancashire Coalfield and had several coal mines within its boundaries	boundaries	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
However, as television grew into a profitable business, an intense rivalry developed between the networks, just as it had in radio. NBC and CBS competed fiercely for viewers and advertising dollars, a contest neither underfunded DuMont nor ABC could hope to win. According to	to	ADP	author	NOUN	 author
Notable writers such as Leon Uris, author of the novel Exodus, inspiring the motion picture, Pulitzer Prize winning poet Karl Shapiro, and Pulitzer Prize winning author, New York Times columnist, and host of the Masterpiece Theatre anthology programs on PBS, Russell Baker are	are	AUX	also	ADV	 also
Three months later, following some minor support roles, his unit led the attack during the Meuse Argonne Offensive, and Middleton became a regimental commander. Because of his exceptional battlefield performance, on 14 October 1918 he was promoted to the rank of colonel, becoming at	at	ADP	29	NUM	 29
One of the survivors was John Henry Turpin, who had also survived the explosion of Maine in Havana in February 1898 and was, reportedly, the only man to survive both explosions. The sheer number of casualties – the death toll exceeded the U.S. Navy's death	death	NOUN	toll	NOUN	 toll
The JTWC assessed the circulation was dissipating near the coast, and the JMA declared Podul dissipated at 1200 UTC on November 15. Operationally, the agency tracked the system into the Gulf of Thailand, and the Thai Meteorological Department tracked Podul to near the Malay Peninsula on	on	ADP	November	PROPN	 November
Gun politics in Switzerland are unique in Europe in that a relatively high percentage (29%) of citizens are legally armed. The large majority of firearms kept at home are militia issued weapons, but ammunition is not issued. Switzerland has a stable, prosperous and	and	CCONJ	high	ADJ	 high
To achieve this goal, the player has a variety of starships, power ups and weapons. Unlike its predecessor, the game has full three dimensional graphics and a wider control scheme. Sinistar: Unleashed features 29 levels, five of which are hidden; each level	level	NOUN	has	VERB	 has
" Joystiq's Mike Schramm compared the game to Fable, noting that " what is there looks good – the combat was solid, if a little shallow, and the graphics and polish are well on their way. " Journalists expressed disappointment when Disney reduced the staff	staff	NOUN	at	ADP	 at
Following the release of the official concert recordings, video and audio bootleg recordings circulated that featured the entirety of the band's performance. In 2005, after Rick Wurpel re opened his production business, he realised that neither he nor TTS had the master tapes in their	their	PRON	inventory	NOUN	 inventory
After Maidan Castle, Wheeler turned his attention to France, where the archaeological investigation of Iron Age sites had lagged behind developments in Britain. There, he oversaw a series of surveys and excavations with the aid of Leslie Scott, beginning with a survey tour of Brittany	Brittany	PROPN	in	ADP	 in
After failing to score a goal in 2008 – 09 and the first half of the 2009 – 10 season, Regehr scored his first goal in 141 games on January 18, 2010, against the San Jose Sharks. He finished with 2 goals and 17 points that	that	DET	season	NOUN	 season
Republicans, including Koch and other legislative leaders, consistently insisted they would not accept a budget of over $34 billion, citing polls suggesting public opinion was on their side. During the session, the Republican Party held a rally calling for tax cuts at the State	State	PROPN	Capitol	PROPN	 Capitol
Madden said that challenges of filming in India included the street noise, as well as the people's curiosity and hospitality when they saw him producing a camera. The cast and crew were well received by the locals, as was the director who, along with the	the	DET	cast	NOUN	 cast
Following the ceremonies, the Murrays spent five weeks on a motor tour of England and Scotland, before visiting Switzerland and France. However, Murray refused to revisit the battlefields. On 6 January 1966, Nell was driving the family car with Harry as a passenger;	;	PUNCT	they	PRON	 they
Nevertheless, Manuel's relations with the French army were somewhat better than with the Germans, and Louis was entertained lavishly in Constantinople. Some of the French were outraged by Manuel's truce with the Seljuqs and called for an alliance with Roger II and an attack on	on	ADP	Constantinople	PROPN	 Constantinople
After waging the 1962 Sino Indian War and the 1965 war with Pakistan, India pursued close military and economic ties with the Soviet Union; by the late 1960s, the Soviet Union was its largest arms supplier. Aside from ongoing strategic relations with Russia, India has	has	VERB	wide	ADJ	 wide
The Cypherpunks list archives includes many references to, what became known as ' AP ' and ' APster ' from 1996 onwards. The name's ' assassination politics ' and ' Jim Bell ' also cropped up in the US governments pursuit and prosecution of Carl Johnson (	(	PUNCT	The	DET	The
With the agreement of both organisations, Olivier remained in overall charge of the Chichester Festival during the first three seasons of the National; he used the festivals of 1964 and 1965 to give preliminary runs to plays he hoped to stage at the Old Vic. The opening	opening	NOUN	production	NOUN	 production
In the first match, the United States routed the Dominican Republic by a score of 14 – 0 with Lloyd tallying one goal and one assist. In the second match, the U.S. again defeated Guatemala 13 – 0 with Lloyd again finding the back of the net	net	NOUN	and	CCONJ	 and
At the first practice in 1933, Shaughnessy assessed he would have a good line, but an undersized backfield. He told the assembled candidates that they would use an open game and fast passing attack to offset their disadvantages. In his first season, Shaughnessy awarded a	a	DET	box	NOUN	 box
His next command was West Point, which he sought with the intention of facilitating its surrender to the British. His plot was however exposed in September 1780, at which time he fled to the British in New York City. In the 1930s, Lorenzo Hagglund,	,	PUNCT	a	DET	 a
Khal Drogo's khalasar arrives at the city of Vaes Dothrak. Viserys Targaryen (Harry Lloyd) impatiently waits for the army Drogo (Jason Momoa) agreed to lend him, the bride price offered for his sister Daenerys (Emilia Clarke), to reconquer the Seven	Seven	PROPN	Kingdoms	PROPN	 Kingdoms
The previous year, in the 2007 Emerald Bowl against Oregon State, Maryland recorded 19 yards on the ground against the then second ranked rushing defense. About Maryland, Nevada head coach Chris Ault said, " Their offense to me is very balanced. They can run	run	VERB	the	DET	 the
Once in the City of Oswego, NY 48 becomes West First Street. At Utica Street, NY 48 briefly turns west before turning back north at West Fifth Street and terminating at NY 104 (Bridge Street). West First Street continues north for an additional six	six	NUM	blocks	NOUN	 blocks
Critical study is further hampered by the lack of Sanskrit words for modern conceptions (such as homosexuality), although words for specific same sex sexual acts exist. Timothy Murphy writes that LGBT themes are often ignored by " heterosexist scholars ", and even early investigations into	into	ADP	sexual	ADJ	 sexual
On 1 September 1972 the management service functions of both BOAC and BEA were combined under the newly formed British Airways Group. British Airways was established as an airline on 31 March 1974 by the dissolution of BOAC and BEA. Following two years of fierce competition with British	British	PROPN	Caledonian	PROPN	 Caledonian
When the elder Stone reveals that his son has forced him out of the company and that he is now there strictly for his own social benefit, Clark takes the lead and makes the sale to the younger Stone. Both Dwight and Clark also buy a suit from	from	ADP	the	DET	 the
The Medieval Merchant's House was converted again, and had become a beer shop by 1883, and a popular public house called the Bull's Head. When the Second World War broke out in 1939 the house was being used as a brothel. In 1940 Southampton	Southampton	PROPN	was	AUX	 was
Prior to 2012, Egypt had sent athletes to nineteen editions of the Summer Olympic Games, the 1906 Intercalated Games, equestrian at the 1956 Summer Olympics, and the 1984 Winter Olympics. Before the Games began, the Egyptian Olympic Committee distributed counterfeit Nike gear to its	its	PRON	athletes	NOUN	 athletes
Several rock musicians have patterned successful songs either directly or indirectly on Hooker's many versions of " Boogie Chillen ' ". These include songs by boogie rock band Canned Heat, who also recorded a well received version with Hooker. One of ZZ Top's best known	known	VERB	hits	NOUN	 hits
These birds are believed to have had a life span of about 20 to 25 years. During the winter, the great auk migrated south either in pairs or in small groups, and never with the entire nesting colony. The great auk was generally an excellent swimmer	swimmer	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
Venture capital played an instrumental role in developing many of the major technology companies of the 1980s. Some of the most notable venture capital investments were made in firms that include: Tandem Computers, Genentech, Apple Inc., Electronic Arts, Compaq, Federal Express and LSI	LSI	PROPN	Corporation	PROPN	 Corporation
On October 29, 1861, the largest fleet ever assembled in North America moved south to seize it. In the Battle of Port Royal, the fort came under attack by the U.S. Navy, and on November 7, 1861, it fell to over 12,000 Union	Union	PROPN	troops	NOUN	 troops
On 27 August, Iowa and her sister ship Missouri entered Sagami Bay to oversee the surrender of the Yokosuka Naval Arsenal. Two days later, she entered Tokyo Bay with the occupation forces. Here, a number of sailors from the Missouri were temporarily stationed on Iowa	Iowa	PROPN	for	ADP	 for
In 2008, he served as a co executive producer on Family Guy and executive producer on American Dad! from 2008 until 2009. Appel wrote the Family Guy seventh season episode " Family Gay ". Appel co created, alongside Mike Henry and Seth MacFarlane, the	the	DET	Family	PROPN	 Family
As weather conditions shift due to climate change, bees change their behaviors. When it rains, bees do not go out and during extremely hot weather they try to gather water to keep the colony cool. Climatologists have predicted that the occurrence of extreme weather events (	(	PUNCT	such	ADJ	such
Initially the Army was unable to support its OA 10s, and for several months, they were supported by the Navy's seaplane tenders, USS Orca (AVP 49) and USS Half Moon (AVP 26). This support continued even after the arrival of the	the	DET	squadron	NOUN	 squadron
Bryan's speeches evolved over time; in December 1894, in a speech in Congress, he first used a phrase from which would come the conclusion to his most famous address: as originally stated, it was " I will not help to crucify mankind upon a	a	DET	cross	NOUN	 cross
In 1509, he held concurrently provost and choir master offices at Saint Quentin collegiate church. During the last two decades of his life, Josquin's fame spread abroad along with his music. The newly developed technology of printing made wide dissemination of his music possible,	,	PUNCT	and	CCONJ	 and
Due to the extreme weight of the main battery turrets at the bow and stern, the hull had to be strengthened to handle the strain. Very strong longitudinal bracing was incorporated, and the inner and outer skins of the hull was thickened to reinforce the bracings.	.	PUNCT	The	DET	 The
" Avast Software said that it had an ambivalent view towards the product. Vincent Steckler, Avast Software CEO said " MSE is not the silver bullet but it is also not the bad sequel to One Care that some claim. " A representative of AVG Technologies stated	stated	VERB	,	PUNCT	,
The sixth and final quartet of the set, in D major, is numbered III / 49 in the Hoboken Verzeichnis catalogue. Its movements are: Allegro Poco adagio Menuetto: Allegretto Finale: Allegro con spirito Haydn's choice of D major for this quartet, with	with	ADP	the	DET	 the
Lord Young asked the jury why they recommended mercy, and one of them replied that the medical evidence was contradictory, referring to Lennox's testimony. Dundee had a history of opposition to the death penalty, and the jury may have been trying to avoid passing a	a	DET	death	NOUN	 death
The title was briefly used in the Total Nonstop Action Wrestling (TNA) promotion, which recognized it as the IWGP Heavyweight Championship. As a professional wrestling championship, the title was won via a scripted ending to a match or awarded to a wrestler because of a	a	DET	storyline	NOUN	 storyline
In real time, the National Hurricane Center first upgraded the system 21 hours later. The depression initially tracked slowly north northwestward and gradually strengthened. Late on September 1 it intensified into Tropical Storm Isis while located about 200 miles (320 km) south of Cabo San	San	PROPN	Lucas	PROPN	 Lucas
The British passed the message to the Americans, along with their conclusion that Port Moresby was the likely target of MO. Admiral Chester Nimitz, the new commander of Allied forces in the Pacific, and his staff discussed the deciphered messages and agreed that the Japanese were	were	AUX	likely	ADV	 likely
It is Hamasaki's second best selling DVD single, and her eighth best seller overall. " Seasons " was certified million by the Recording Industry Association of Japan (RIAJ) for shipments of one million units. In August 2014, the song was certified gold by	by	ADP	RIAJ	NOUN	 RIAJ
The stents dilate the ureters, which can facilitate instrumentation, and they also provide a clear landmark to aid in the visualization of the ureters and any associated stones on radiographic examinations. The presence of indwelling ureteral stents may cause minimal to moderate discomfort, frequency or urgency	urgency	NOUN	incontinence	NOUN	 incontinence
They proceeded to win their next game against the Phoenix Coyotes 5 – 2, which marked the first time that the Blue Jackets posted back to back regulation victories during the season. Columbus again defeated the Coyotes three days later to earn their first three game win streak	streak	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
Located near the retablo is a large room called the ante sacristy, a storage room for church utensils and decorations. This room is connected to either the convent or the main sacristy which stores the church's liturgical vestments. Several wooden chests inside the sacristy carries the	the	DET	flaming	VERB	 flaming
The road continues near housing subdivisions and businesses before it comes to the DE 18 intersection near Cannon. US 13 heads north past more farmland before it comes to an intersection south of Bridgeville where DE 404 heads to the southeast and US 13 Bus. and DE 404	404	NUM	Bus	PROPN	 Bus
By the time of his retirement in 1970 he had pioneered innovations such as the back heeled pass, which became known in Russia as " Streltsov's pass ". He died in Moscow in 1990. Six years later, Torpedo renamed their home ground " Eduard Streltsov	Streltsov	PROPN	Stadium	PROPN	 Stadium
With the arrival of its new Boeing 777s, EVA Air launched a comprehensive revamp of its cabins, introducing lie flat seats in its new Premium Laurel business class cabin, and upgrading its premium economy product to the new Elite Class cabin. The airline's A330s were	were	AUX	introduced	VERB	 introduced
" Jabbari Weekes of Exclaim! said, " A majority of My Name Is My Name's sounds are wrapped in minimalistic saran wrap that allows Pusha T's cold delivery to flourish, with more abstract drug references than a paranoid dealer over a tapped phone line.	.	PUNCT	"	PUNCT	 "
An Italian organ from the Renaissance period may be on only 2.2 inches (56 mm), while (in the extreme) solo stops in some large 20th century organs may require up to 50 inches (1,300 mm). In isolated, extreme cases, some	some	DET	stops	NOUN	 stops
In the early 18th century it returned to fashion, not only in England but also, directly influenced from Britain, in Prussia. Count Francesco Algarotti may have written to Burlington from Berlin that he was recommending to Frederick the Great the adoption in Prussia of the architectural	architectural	ADJ	style	NOUN	 style
He took a great personal risk and came close to getting caught. Graf was assisted by Gruppenführer (Group Leader) Albert Keller of the Nazi Glider Club NSFK in Engen, who later erased all the bureaucratic traces that Graf had left. Graf saw his first aircraft	aircraft	NOUN	when	SCONJ	 when
After Ronaldo was called offside in the 59th minute – despite appearing to be level with the last defender – Giggs stole the ball mid way inside the Barcelona half before playing the ball to Ronaldo on the left wing. The Portuguese forward stepped over the ball several times	times	NOUN	in	ADP	 in
Staff offer guided tours and other educational programs, including a Junior Ranger educational program for children between four and fifteen years of age. The National Park Service is reconstructing one of the 36 residential blocks as a demonstration block. One barrack appears as it would have when	when	SCONJ	Japanese	ADJ	 Japanese
At 22 Mile Road, M 48 turns westerly and M 129 continues north. This intersection is also the location of the Munscong Golf Club. M 129 meets the eastern termini of M 80 and M 28 at 17 Mile Road and 9 Mile Road, respectively.	.	PUNCT	Just	ADV	 Just
The ship was classified as an armoured frigates because she only had a single gun deck and her traditional disposition of guns arrayed along the length of the hull also meant that she was a broadside ironclad. The ship was 80.85 metres (265 ft 3 in) long	long	ADV	,	PUNCT	,
The landings on the islands were meant to deny their use by the Japanese as bases for threatening the supply routes between the U.S. and Australia, and to secure the islands as starting points for a campaign with the eventual goal of isolating the major Japanese base at Rabaul	Rabaul	PROPN	while	SCONJ	 while
By the system of national flags then in use in British ships, this implied that the ships with blue ensigns were warships attached to the squadron of Admiral Peter Rainier, while the others were merchant ships under their protection. With the French still appearing reluctant to attack	attack	VERB	on	ADP	 on
Most people undertook small journeys on foot and hired horses for longer journeys. For the upper classes, travel was accompanied by a great deal of pomp and display, with fine horses, large retinues and magnificent cavalcades in order to display their wealth as well as to	to	PART	ensure	VERB	 ensure
Harley Carlson of MetalReview.com regarded Octavarium as " successfully [showcasing] the band's ability to craft emotive music, " although noted that it is " unquestionably Dream Theater, yet there is something missing. " Vik Bansal of musicOMH praised " Never Enough ", "	"	PUNCT	Panic	PROPN	 Panic
Later, the keeper, Solomon Stone, had to put the light out per order of the New London customs inspector. The British threatened to blow up the lighthouse and Stone got an order to relight the lighthouse. In 2008, the generator house for the light	light	NOUN	was	AUX	 was
" Beginning as early as 1865 in San Francisco, Coolbrith held literary meetings at her home, hosting readings of poetry, and topical discussions, in the tradition of European salons. She helped writers such as Gelett Burgess and Laura Redden Searing gain wider notice. Once	Once	ADV	warmly	ADV	 warmly
... My one desire was to flee that room and find a quiet corner in which to rest my aching head. Then [Diaghilev] turned to me and with a smile said, " This is a masterpiece, Monteux, which will completely revolutionize music and make	make	VERB	you	PRON	 you
Special sweets and savouries like Anarse, Karanjya, Chakli, Chiwda and Ladu are prepared for the festival. Colorful Rangoli drawings are made in front of the house. Marathi children make a replica mud fort in memory of Shivaji, the great Maratha king. Deshastha Brahmins	Brahmins	PROPN	observe	VERB	 observe
Delhi's arts and crafts include, Zardozi – an embroidery done with gold thread – and Meenakari – the art of enamelling. Delhi's association and geographic proximity to the capital, New Delhi, has amplified the importance of national events and holidays like Republic Day,	,	PUNCT	Independence	PROPN	 Independence
After the conflict, the race never resumed, but many plans for post war naval expansions and improvements were postulated by the Argentine, Brazilian, and Chilean governments. The Brazilians modernized Minas Geraes, São Paulo, and the two cruisers acquired under the 1904 plan,	,	PUNCT	Bahia	PROPN	 Bahia
) The following table presents the inventory of classic Noldorin consonants. Grouping of consonants occurs only in the central parts of a word, except for combinations with the semivowels / w / and / j /. Quenya orthography (using the Latin script) follows the IPA,	,	PUNCT	but	CCONJ	 but
Most are carnivores, feeding on annelids, clams and crustaceans, and may kill annelids of about their own size. They sometimes take fish, both living and dead. Insects and myriapods are the only known prey of the two terrestrial species of Argonemertes. A few	few	ADJ	nemerteans	NOUN	 nemerteans
At the outbreak of war between the Kingdom of Great Britain and the French Republic in the early spring of 1793, the French Revolutionary Wars were already a year old. The French Navy was already suffering from the upheavals of the French Revolution and the consequent dissolution of	of	ADP	the	DET	 the
These researchers initially suggested a connection between Varroa destructor mite infestation and CCD, suggesting that a combination of these bee mites, deformed wing virus (which the mites transmit) and bacteria work together to suppress immunity and may be one cause of CCD. Parasites, such	such	ADJ	as	ADP	 as
To resolve Scott's immediate problems, and to prevent a resumption of his tirades against the new party leader, Bessell began paying him a " retainer " of between £5 and £10 a week, ostensibly in lieu of lost national insurance benefits. Bessell also	also	ADV	arranged	VERB	 arranged
Some 20 persons were detained in these protests. The police broke up a smaller crowd, detaining at least six persons, in the Mecidiyeköy area when they tried to march towards the summit about 3 km to the south. In a separate protest, Greenpeace activists,	,	PUNCT	dangling	VERB	 dangling
The troupe managed to avoid bodily harm, partly by convincing the rioters that they were a French theater troupe and partly by making judicious use of the money the Adlers had won in court from Goldfaden. In Łódź, Adler triumphantly played the title role in Karl Gutzkow	Gutzkow	PROPN	's	PART	's
He batted.277 in 188 at bats in his pro debut for the Spokane Indians in the Short season Northwest League, while leading the team in steals (11) and triples (6). He then spent the 2003 – 04 winter in Arizona, working out with	with	ADP	the	DET	 the
Along with the Oscar, John Williams's score won the Grammy Award, the BAFTA Award for Best Film Music, and the Golden Globe Award. To her Academy Award, Verna Fields added the American Cinema Editors ' Eddie Award for Best Edited Feature Film. Jaws	Jaws	NOUN	was	AUX	 was
It came to an end with the reign of Michael the Brave (1593 – 1601) who managed, for a short time in 1600, to rule Wallachia, Moldavia and Transylvania, the three principalities whose territories were to be united some three centuries later to form	form	VERB	Romania	PROPN	 Romania
Security guards at each station conduct inspections and provide assistance. A reusable plastic magnetic ticketing system has replaced the previous token based system, and the Flash Pass introduced as a step towards a more integrated transportation system. Many passengers who ride the system also take various forms	forms	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
" S. Shiva Kumar of The Times of India was more critical of the soundtrack, and called it " lacklustre ". Padayappa was released on 10 April 1999 on the eve of Tamil New Year's day. This was the first Tamil film to be released worldwide	worldwide	ADV	without	ADP	 without
Maxwell commanded Daedalus for less than a year. On 2 July 1813 the frigate ran aground on a shoal off Galle, Ceylon, causing serious damage to her keel. Although she was soon brought off, the leaks created in the grounding became so severe that Maxwell	Maxwell	PROPN	had	VERB	 had
Hands and triallist goalkeeper Charlie Williams of Swindon Town were injured during the game, and unfortunately for the beneficiary, only 2,000 spectators turned up. A creditable performance in a losing cause at Burnley, marred only by the forwards ' lack of composure in front of goal	goal	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
In the LP and particularly the CD era, the record companies have built up a substantial catalogue of Fauré's music, performed by French and non French musicians. Several modern recordings of Fauré's music have come to public notice as prize winners in annual awards organised	organised	VERB	by	ADP	 by
The Crocodile Hunter became successful in the United States, the UK, and over 130 other countries, reaching 500 million people. Irwin's exuberant and enthusiastic presenting style, broad Australian accent, signature khaki shorts, and catchphrase " Crikey! " became known worldwide.	.	PUNCT	Sir	PROPN	 Sir
Coal yards and sidings were also built at Hellingly station. The hospital opened to patients, and the railway to passengers, on 20 July 1903. The railway left the Cuckoo Line at Hellingly Station. Although the railway joined the Cuckoo Line at both the northern and	and	CCONJ	southern	ADJ	 southern
On the other hand, Real Madrid was widely seen as the embodiment of the sovereign oppressive centralism and the fascist regime at management level and beyond – Santiago Bernabéu, the former club president for whom Real Madrid's stadium is named, fought on the Nationalist side during	during	ADP	the	DET	 the
Indian cuisine is the most popular alternative to traditional cooking in Britain, followed by Chinese and Italian food. Chicken tikka masala is now considered one of Britain's most popular dishes. During the British Raj, Britain first started borrowing Indian dishes, creating Anglo Indian cuisine	cuisine	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
Selby, however, then won the next 3 frames to lead 7 – 5. O'Sullivan responded by taking three frames in succession himself, to lead 8 – 7. The following two frames were shared, and at 9 – 8, after both players had wasted	wasted	VERB	chances	NOUN	 chances
In the thirteenth century the threat of Scandinavian naval power subsided and the kings of Scotland were able to use naval forces to help subdue the Highlands and Islands. Scottish field armies rarely managed to stand up to the usually larger and more professional armies produced by England,	,	PUNCT	but	CCONJ	 but
In the very early moments, it is theorized that the Universe experienced a very rapid cosmic inflation, which homogenized the starting conditions. Thereafter, nucleosynthesis produced the elemental abundance of the early Universe. (See also nucleocosmochronology.) When the first neutral atoms formed from	from	ADP	a	DET	 a
In Game 4 of the 2012 World Series against the Tigers on October 28, Cain allowed three runs in seven innings, earning a no decision as the Giants won 4 – 3 in 10 innings to win the World Series for the second time in three years.	.	PUNCT	On	ADP	 On
According to Napolitano, Wilson was completely oblivious to their appearance; he ate and drank in the dugout, warmed up, and pitched a two hitter while apparently not noticing that scouts were there. The Cleveland Indians offered him a contract straight out of high school,	,	PUNCT	but	CCONJ	 but
The overall goal of the movement is to " reverse the stifling dominance of the materialist worldview " represented by the theory of evolution in favor of " a science consonant with Christian and theistic convictions. " Phillip E. Johnson stated that the goal of intelligent design is to	to	PART	cast	VERB	 cast
Permission was granted and a spokesman for the film indicated the schedule and budget had not been affected. Singer and cinematographer Newton Thomas Sigel chose different styles for the separate halves of the film. Elegant camerawork such as cranes were used as the plot builds to the attempt	attempt	NOUN	on	ADP	 on
They are bad tempered snakes and some specimens never settle down in captivity, always hissing and puffing when approached. This species is responsible for more snakebite fatalities than any other African snake. This is due to a combination of factors, including its wide distribution, common	common	ADJ	occurrence	NOUN	 occurrence
Between 1953 and 1961, there were few known biological sequences — either DNA or protein — but an abundance of proposed code systems, a situation made even more complicated by expanding knowledge of the intermediate role of RNA. To actually decipher the code, it took an	an	DET	extensive	ADJ	 extensive
By excluding novels, chapbooks, tracts, ballads, and fairy tales, it effectively decided what counted as children's literature and what did not. Furthermore, in one of her early essays, " Observations on the Changes which have taken place in Books for Children	Children	PROPN	and	CCONJ	 and
He is married to Stacy, and in Melbourne they lived at Sandringham. The pair met on the Gold Coast, and married there in October 2005. On 5 May 2007, Stacy gave birth to the couple's first child, son Kalani Jordan. White has	has	AUX	stated	VERB	 stated
The initial advance would allow the Armée d'Orient to progress in support of other units first to Prilep, Disma and Borran. In the meantime, an Anglo Hellenic force would strike Mount Belasica, occupying the Rupel Pass. The Doiran sector had previously been subject to two	two	NUM	major	ADJ	 major
" In July 2007, S. R. Ashok Kumar of The Hindu asked eight Tamil film directors to list their all time favourite Tamil films; three of them — K. Balachander, Mani Ratnam and Ameer — named Andha Naal. Malaysian author Devika Bai, writing for New	New	PROPN	Straits	PROPN	 Straits
The defenders used unconventional tactics to undermine enemy morale, such as firing weather rockets at Serb forces and sabotaging JNA tanks by planting mines underneath them while they were parked at night, so that they would blow up when the crews started them in the morning. JNA	JNA	PROPN	casualties	NOUN	 casualties
Adams was the champion for just over three months, losing the title to Ron Harris at a show in Portland, on January 18, 1992. Adams went back to work for the WWF in 1992 and was given a new fan favorite gimmick: an easygoing surfing	surfing	NOUN	Hawaiian	PROPN	 Hawaiian
Designed by Willis Polk, the 59 foot high classical pavilion is made up of twelve concrete Corinthian columns and a concrete ring girder that supports the conical wood and tile roof. Inside the temple, water originally from the Pleasanton well fields and Arroyo de la Laguna flowed	flowed	VERB	into	ADP	 into
Dan decides to spend summer in The Hamptons with Eric (Connor Paolo) and tells Rufus (Matthew Settle) that he has moved on from writing. Vanessa has Dan's novel published and leaves for Spain. While in California, Serena runs into a man who	who	PRON	has	AUX	 has
Paul chose " God's Promise ", lyrics that Woody had adapted in 1955 from " What God Hath Promised ", a hymn of the day and recorded it for his 2002 release Speed of Trees. Paul said that visiting the Woody Guthrie Archives was like going	going	VERB	through	ADP	 through
In the sixth season, Gilchrist made a comeback for his final IPL stint. He stated the reason as being the Kings XI management's decision to renew his contract for another season. An interesting change in the team staff was the induction of Darren Lehmann as the	the	DET	new	ADJ	 new
MacGregor steered the hijacked brigantine to Aux Cayes, then sold her after she was found to be unseaworthy. Waiting for him in Aux Cayes were 500 officers and enlisted men, courtesy of recruiters in Ireland and London, but he had no ships to carry them and	and	CCONJ	little	ADJ	 little
In the 1890s, Balfour and Turner appear to have been the most prolific designers of private houses on the estate, and in 1892 Balfour was made a Fellow of the Royal Institute of British Architects. Their own work included most of the wholly redeveloped Balfour Place in	in	ADP	Mayfair	PROPN	 Mayfair
It was followed by " Part 2: Radioactive " on 22 August, which depicts a blonde wigged Diamandis travelling across the United States with her romantic interest. The track was released through the iTunes Store on 23 September, and peaked at number 25 on the UK	UK	PROPN	Singles	PROPN	 Singles
The first covered bridge in the United States was built in 1800 over the Schuylkill River in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania. According to Zacher, the first covered bridges of the Burr arch truss design were also built in the state. Pennsylvania is estimated to have once had at	at	ADP	least	ADJ	 least
It was anchored by Harry Reasoner with reportage by George Crile. Crile also produced the episode with co producer Grace Diekhaus. He conceived the show after becoming aware of the 1979 National March on Washington for Lesbian and Gay Rights and took as his focus the 1979 San	San	PROPN	Francisco	PROPN	 Francisco
Aspects of Hellenistic culture were still evident in the traditions of the Byzantine Empire in the mid 15th century. Some of the most pronounced effects of Hellenization can be seen in Afghanistan and India, in the region of the relatively late rising Greco Bactrian Kingdom (250 BC	BC	PROPN	125	NUM	 125
In 1961, with its first location in Skokie, Illinois, Burger King Corporation and its franchises began opening stores and by 1967 had over 20 locations spread throughout the state. The Hootses, claiming that their trademark gave them exclusive rights to the name in Illinois sued	sued	VERB	BK	PROPN	 BK
It showcased her fourth studio album, In the Zone (2003) and visited North America and Europe. A tour to promote the album was announced in December 2003. Its original name was the In the Zone Tour, but Spears was sued for trademark infringement and	and	CCONJ	banned	VERB	 banned
Chitinozoans also become rarer in shallower water - although the reverse is not necessarily true. They can not survive freshwater input. Since Alfred Eisenack first recognised and named the group in 1930, the Chitinozoa have proven incredibly useful as a stratigraphic markers in biostratigraphy during the Ordovician	Ordovician	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
Burns collaborated with George Thomson in A Select Collection of Original Scottish Airs, published from 1793 to 1818, which adapted Scottish folk songs with " classical " arrangements. Thompson was inspired by hearing Scottish songs sung by visiting Italian castrati at the St Cecilia Concerts in Edinburgh	Edinburgh	PROPN	.	PUNCT	.
The Sistine Chapel was built by Pope Sixtus IV within the Vatican immediately to the north of St. Peter's Basilica and completed in about 1481. Its walls were decorated by a number of Renaissance painters who were among the most highly regarded artists of late 15th century Italy	Italy	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
Scully decides to join Mulder in the game, and the two fight Maitreya together. Maitreya begins to duplicate herself, making the task of killing her more difficult. Finally, Maitreya sits atop a virtual tank and aims it at the agents. Phoebe admits there is	is	VERB	one	NUM	 one
During the credits, it is revealed that Moe was aware of Gaiman's scheme, and was in fact allied with him from the start. The two celebrate with a toast at Shelbyville Beach, but Gaiman double crosses Moe and poisons his drink. Freelance writer Dan	Dan	PROPN	Vebber	PROPN	 Vebber
Magin died of wounds soon after. For their efforts, 9 Staffel destroyed at least three hangars, hit several other buildings and destroyed eight Hurricanes on the ground. According to other sources, 10 hangars were destroyed, six damaged, the operations room put out of	of	ADP	action	NOUN	 action
However, he recovered in time to play in the final Test of the series. Australia's victory in the fourth Test had given the team a 1 – 0 lead. Wisden commented: " The inclusion once again of Leyland was a move which yielded splendid results	results	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
Fewer than 50 grew on the key in 1991. Despite efforts to propagate the plant, there are now 16 Sargent's palms on Elliott Key, with about 123 propagated on Long Key. Two critically endangered butterflies, Schaus ' swallowtail (Papilio aristodemus) and the	the	DET	Miami	PROPN	 Miami
, Many MacIntyres subsequently joined MacDonald's army including the chief's piper. The chief, however, was with Campbell of Argyll at the battle of Inverlochy in February 1645 when the Campbells were surprised by Montrose's forces and routed. It is said that the MacIntyre	MacIntyre	PROPN	chief	NOUN	 chief
One cycle of the ride lasts about 2 minutes and 35 seconds. Hydra the Revenge operates with two steel and fiberglass trains. Each train has eight cars that can seat four riders in a single row for a total of 32 riders per train. Each train has	has	VERB	two	NUM	 two
As such he looked for a Permanent Secretary who was a qualified lawyer and who could help him set up a Ministry of Justice after the war, appointing Schuster in early 1915. The two did not work together, however, until Haldane became Lord Chancellor for a	a	DET	second	ADJ	 second
" Eurogamer staff writer Tom Bramwell felt that " the game's other selling point – its darker edge – [is] not really meant for us. " G4's X Play and GameSpy staff writer Patrick Klepek thought similarly. In contrast, Nintendo Power staff writer	writer	NOUN	Steve	PROPN	 Steve
Rutkow, a professor of surgery at the University of Medicine and Dentistry of New Jersey, has argued that starvation also played a role. Rutkow suggests that " Garfield had such a nonlethal wound. In today's world, he would have gone home in a matter	matter	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
Hawaiians associated elements of their natural environment with particular deities. In Hawaiian mythology, the summit of Mauna Kea was seen as the " region of the gods ", a place where benevolent spirits reside. Poliʻahu, deity of snow, also resides there. In Hawaiian	Hawaiian	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
From the 1960s, it became increasingly fashionable for the upper classes to spend their summers in Skagen. Galleries selling local art and reproductions of Skagen's most iconic paintings have spread across the town, making it one of the places in Denmark with most galleries. Thanks	Thanks	NOUN	to	ADP	 to
He plays first class cricket for Somerset County Cricket Club, and represented England in 76 Test matches and 123 One Day Internationals. A left handed opening batsman, he made his first class debut for Somerset in 1993 and quickly established himself as a regular member of the	the	DET	team	NOUN	 team
" Regarding the women ’ s movement in writing, Alvarez explains, " definitely, still, there is a glass ceiling in terms of female novelists. If we have a female character, she might be engaging in something monumental but she ’ s also changing the	the	DET	diapers	NOUN	 diapers
The price per kilogram has oscillated between US $4,600 and $13,300 in the period from 1959 to 1998 for 99.9% purity, and it was second highest for lanthanides behind lutetium. The element is never found in nature in pure form, but it is found	found	VERB	in	ADP	 in
" Reunion " was written by 30 Rock supervising producer Matt Hubbard, making it his fifth writing credit after " The Rural Juror ", " Hard Ball ", " The Collection ", and " MILF Island ". The episode was directed by Beth McCarthy Miller	Miller	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
Troll was upgraded to a year round station in 2005 as part of the centenary of Norway's independence. Among the guests were Minister of Foreign Affairs Jan Petersen and Minister of the Environment Knut Arild Hareide, and Troll was officially opened by Queen Sonja of Norway,	,	PUNCT	the	DET	 the
A $90 million casino / hotel / entertainment complex opened at Magnetic Hill in 2010. Moncton's Capitol Theatre, an 800 seat restored 1920s era vaudeville house on Main Street, is the main centre for cultural entertainment for the city. The theatre hosts a performing	performing	VERB	arts	NOUN	 arts
Arkham Asylum is set in the fictional Arkham Asylum, a facility on Arkham Island off the coast of Gotham City that houses criminally insane supervillains. The game features a large ensemble of characters from the history of Batman comics. Three voice actors, who worked on the	the	DET	DC	PROPN	 DC
Statements from the Presiding Officer and the member in charge of the bill are also lodged indicating whether the bill is within the legislative competence of the Parliament. Stage 1 usually takes place, initially, in the relevant committee or committees and is then submitted to the whole	whole	ADJ	Parliament	PROPN	 Parliament
President George H. W. Bush consoled Ijaz's widow in a letter dated July 24, 1992. J. E. Campbell; M. A. Ijaz (1969). " A study of resonance production in six pronged Pi P interactions at 7.0 GeV / c ". Nuclear Physics	Physics	PROPN	B	PROPN	 B
The cremated remains were either placed in urns, or just buried in dents. No weapons or tools were put there, but clay vessels, decorations, attire elements and spurs, if the deceased was well positioned enough to possess a horse. Those various items,	,	PUNCT	and	CCONJ	 and
American paddlefish have small undeveloped eyes that are directed laterally. Unlike most fishes, American paddlefish hardly respond to overhead shadows or changes in illumination. Electroreception appears to have largely replaced vision as a primary sensory modality, which indicates a reliance on electroreceptors for detecting prey.	.	PUNCT	However	ADV	 However
" Out of the variety of new features, GameSpot called it " the most important and best implemented. " The game has also been criticized for its low frame rate, which has been reduced to 30 frame / s (compared with 60 frame / s in	in	ADP	Sons	PROPN	 Sons
In 1994, Schaller and Dr. Alan Rabinowitz were the first scientists to uncover the rare saola, a forest dwelling bovine in Laos. Later that year, Schaller rediscovered the Vietnamese warty pig, once thought extinct. In 1996, he located a herd of Tibetan red	red	ADJ	deer	NOUN	 deer
Arafat returned to Lebanon a year after his eviction from Beirut, this time establishing himself in the northern Lebanese city of Tripoli. This time Arafat was expelled by a fellow Palestinian working under Hafez al Assad. Arafat did not return to Lebanon after his second expulsion,	,	PUNCT	though	SCONJ	 though
For example, the brain of the specimen with the 374 millilitre endocast is estimated to have had a volume of 268 millilitres (9 US fl oz). The brain was an elongate structure, and as with other non mammals, there would have been no neocortex	neocortex	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
The room size was increased by the construction of a bay window, parquet floor was installed, and the room was decorated in cherry woodwork, with a gilt and crystal chandelier and sconces. The only original item remaining left in the room was the fireplace mantel.	.	PUNCT	The	DET	 The
The first version of the game allows progress to be saved only in the main character's haven or safehouse; it automatically saves other data at specific points. An update to the game enabled players to save their in game data at any point in the in game	game	NOUN	narrative	NOUN	 narrative
Even many of the words that have been incorporated into American English, such as barbecue, canyon, ranch, and plaza, come from Spanish words. An additional obvious legacy is that of Roman Catholicism. At the end of Spain's reign over Texas, virtually	virtually	ADV	all	PRON	 all
Kartolo handled the film's music, and many of the cast had experience singing kroncong (traditional music with Portuguese influences). Before making their feature film debut in Albert Balink's Terang Boelan (Full Moon; 1937), Roekiah and Kartolo had found popularity with	with	ADP	the	DET	 the
Horsfield met his future wife Esther Eccorsley (1793 / 94 – 1872) at a botanical meeting in 1812. The couple were married on 20 December 1812 at St Mary's Church, Oldham. The meetings he attended in his early life were a part of a	a	DET	movement	NOUN	 movement
The company has been recognized for sustainability practices in its manufacturing and sponsors many pet related charities and events. It markets its pet food through crowd sourced competitions, sponsorship, mobile apps, and television advertising. Nestlé Purina Petcare was formed in December 2001, when Nestlé	Nestlé	PROPN	acquired	VERB	 acquired
The park occupied the muster ground outside the fort and the fort's barracks building was used as a manager's residence. The caravan park has had various managers since establishment: Until 1981 it was managed by the National Parks and Wildlife Service (NPWS), by	by	ADP	Woodville	PROPN	 Woodville
Almost 24 hours after the dramatics in Barcelona, a crowd of 500,000 people turned up on the streets of Manchester to greet the United players, who paraded through the city in an open top bus. As champions of Europe, Manchester United were invited to play in	in	ADP	the	DET	 the
A National Natural Landmark since 1967, the park has been named one of the best places in the United States for watching birds, particularly in the Gull Point Natural Area. The Tom Ridge Environmental Center at the entrance to the park allows visitors to learn more about	about	ADP	the	DET	 the
It is commonly found among mangroves in coastal areas including black mangroves (Rhizophora mucronata). It is often in woodlands that merge into the mangroves, such as those dominated by Banksia, Melaleuca or Callistemon, and widespread in sclerophyll forests and eucalypt woodlands. In the	the	DET	arid	NOUN	 arid
However, neurogenesis is limited to the hippocampus and SVZ, and the RMS is one mechanism neurons use to relocate from these areas. The RMS was named and discovered by J. Altman in 1969 using 3H thymidine autoradiography in the rat brain. He traced the migration of	of	ADP	labeled	VERB	 labeled
The day started with a morning performance in Times Square in New York City, followed by a gig in the band's hometown of Chicago, and then a late night show in Los Angeles. In March 2008, Fall Out Boy attempted to enter the The Guinness	Guinness	PROPN	Book	PROPN	 Book
They are called Proving Grounds. The challenges differ depending on the weapon, such as destroying a certain number of objects within a given time or breaking targets in the fewest shots possible. According to the player's score, different tiers of prizes are awarded. Additionally	Additionally	ADV	,	PUNCT	,
She asks him to come along, leaving Gotham to its fate, but he refuses. While the police and Bane's forces clash, Batman overpowers Bane. He interrogates Bane for the bomb's trigger, but Tate intervenes and stabs him. She reveals herself to	to	PART	be	AUX	 be
Clarkson had approached Dunn thinking that his personality suited the song's content well, saying " Like, it's straight up his personality to say all of that to try and get you to stay, and have a drink. " " Winter Dreams (Brandon's	's	PART	Song	PROPN	 Song
Ford hoped to attend Yale's law school beginning in 1935. Yale officials at denied his admission to the law school because of his full time coaching responsibilities. He spent the summer of 1937 as a student at the University of Michigan Law School and was eventually admitted	admitted	VERB	in	ADP	 in
Upon his return to the Indies, Andjar formed another theatrical troupe, Bolero, with Effendi, but left the troupe around 1940 to work at Kolf Publishers in Surabaya. Effendi was left as the head of Bolero, which then became more politicised. At Kolf Andjar	Andjar	PROPN	edited	VERB	 edited
He also proclaimed his wife to be pregnant merely to spite Louis Auguste and his wife Marie Antoinette, who had not yet consummated their marriage. The Dauphin and Louis Stanislas did not enjoy a harmonious relationship and often quarrelled, as did their wives. Louis Stanislas did	did	AUX	impregnate	VERB	 impregnate
An early starring role was as ' Geordie ' in the BBC's 1996 drama Our Friends in the North, with early film roles being as Angelina Jolie's rival and love interest in Lara Croft: Tomb Raider (2001), before appearing in Sam Mendes's	's	PART	movie	NOUN	 movie
The Canada Wide Daily Standard for airborne particulate matter and ozone pollution, regulation PM2.5, is 30 micrograms per cubic metre. Forty five percent of this particulate air pollution in Sarnia comes from Chemical Valley, and the rest drifts over the St. Clair River from the neighbouring	neighbouring	VERB	United	PROPN	 United
They identify fingerprints on the box of a Joseph Feller, but his current location is unknown. Walter attempts to decipher the workings of the box, while giving hope to some of the affected people that they will get their memories back in time. Peter discovers that	that	SCONJ	the	DET	 the
She aided survivors of the Great Kantō earthquake between 9 and 22 September 1923. Captain Mitsumasa Yonai assumed command on 1 July 1924 and was relieved on 1 November by Captain Sankichi Takahashi In the 1920s, Fusō conducted training off the coast of China and was often placed	placed	VERB	in	ADP	 in
Reduction of the thus obtained berkelium (IV) to the + 3 oxidation state yields a solution, which is nearly free from other actinides (but contains cerium). Berkelium and cerium are then separated with another round of ion exchange treatment. In order to characterize	characterize	VERB	chemical	NOUN	 chemical
Since the bullet evidence is inconclusive, Felton asks Lewis to let Chuckie secretly wash his hands so no gunpowder residue will be found in tests. Lewis initially refuses, but he eventually reluctantly agrees, allowing Chuckie to get away with the shooting. Meanwhile, the homicide	homicide	NOUN	department	NOUN	 department
This includes Indianapolis, Fort Wayne, Muncie, and Marion among others. Plenty of FM stations are also in broadcast range, and Blackford County has FM radio stations located in Hartford City and Montpelier. Hartford City, Montpelier, and portions of the county's rural	rural	ADJ	areas	NOUN	 areas
The ship was not insured until after it started its voyage. The insurers, a syndicate from Liverpool, underwrote the ship and slaves for up to £8,000, approximately half the slaves ' potential market value. The remaining risk was borne by the owners. The	The	DET	Zong	PROPN	 Zong
Meanwhile, " LoveStoned " transitions to the two minute prelude " I Think She Knows ". Although themes of sex and love are dominant in the album, the song " Losing My Way " diverges to a more serious topic, which was inspired by a documentary	documentary	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
The storm's remnants later moved across the U.S. Interior Highlands before dissipating. In the Gulf of Mexico, 1,350 workers on offshore oil drilling platforms were evacuated in preparation for the storm. The oil drilling tender Murmanill No. 1 sunk due to the strong waves,	,	PUNCT	though	SCONJ	 though
Jardine played in a vital match against reigning County Champions Middlesex which would determine the champions for the season. In a situation of great pressure, Jardine scored a vital 55 to hold the innings together after the loss of early wickets, although Surrey went on to lose	lose	VERB	the	DET	 the
Pennsylvania officials took over management in May, and in 1902 the CL & N acquired the tunnel property and some terminal property near Court Street from the Cincinnati Northern Railroad, successor to the CJ & M, which had become part of the Big Four and terminated its	its	PRON	use	NOUN	 use
Describing Microscopium as " totally unremarkable ", astronomer Patrick Moore concluded there was nothing of interest for amateur observers. NGC 6925 is a barred spiral galaxy of apparent magnitude 11.3 which is lens shaped, as it lies almost edge on to observers on Earth, 3.7 degrees	degrees	NOUN	west	ADV	 west
Hannon Lane also co wrote and co produced the song. Timberlake told Entertainment Weekly that he believed " Rehab " to be " the bridge for [Rihanna] to be accepted as an adult in the music industry ". Rihanna told Robert Copsey of Digital Spy that	that	SCONJ	she	PRON	 she
Aya Asia (アヤ ・ エイジア, Aya Eishia) Voiced by: Minami Takayama A world class idol and the very first customer (in the manga) who comes to Neuro's office to hire the detective team to figure out who murdered her managers / friends.	.	PUNCT	After	SCONJ	 After
Many Muslims were not satisfied with the treaty. However, the Quranic sura " Al Fath " (The Victory) (Quran 48: 1 – 29) assured them that the expedition must be considered a victorious one. It was later that Muhammad's followers realized	realized	VERB	the	DET	 the
Heavy precipitation also fell in Missouri, especially in Brookfield, Lee's Summit, and Pleasant Hill. The maximum rainfall total in Missouri was 9.34 inches (237 mm) in Concordia. One fatality was reported in Missouri, though the cause of death is unknown.	.	PUNCT	Rainfall	NOUN	 Rainfall
Here he realized that the glyph that he had deciphered as autocrator and which convinced him that the inscription was of recent date was in fact not found on the monument itself – it had seemingly been invented by Jomard's copyist. Champollion nonetheless, realized that the late	late	ADJ	date	NOUN	 date
Bradman enforced the follow on and Johnson had a better return on the second attempt. The hosts reached 3 / 128 when Johnson caused a middle order collapse. He had New Zealand Test batsman Martin Donnelly stumped by Don Tallon, before trapping English Test batsman Len Hutton	Hutton	PROPN	leg	NOUN	 leg
Clinton strongly supported the 2001 U.S. military action in Afghanistan, saying it was a chance to combat terrorism while improving the lives of Afghan women who suffered under the Taliban government. Clinton voted in favor of the October 2002 Iraq War Resolution, which authorized President George W.	W.	PROPN	Bush	PROPN	 Bush
McDonnell also considered adding a telescoping extension to the docking trapeze that would extend the device below the turbulent air under the mother ship. Before any further work on the trapeze, other modifications to the XF 85, or continued design studies on its follow up could be	be	AUX	carried	VERB	 carried
By the late 1870s, Wales was producing 450,000 tons of slate per year, compared with just over 50,000 tons for the rest of the United Kingdom, which then included Ireland. In 1882, 92% of the United Kingdom's production was from Wales with the	the	DET	quarries	NOUN	 quarries
As a production series B 36 was unavailable, all XF 85 flight tests were carried out using a converted EB 29B Superfortress mother ship that had a modified, " cutaway " bomb bay complete with trapeze, front airflow deflector and an array of camera equipment and instrumentation	instrumentation	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
When it became the University of Strathclyde in 1964, the first new university in Scotland in 384 years, he became its first Principal and Vice Chancellor. While her husband was Principal, Joan founded the Strathclyde Women's Group and became its president. During the war	war	NOUN	the	DET	 the
English literature contains many references to him, for example in A Christmas Carol by Charles Dickens, and in this folk rhyme: St Dunstan, as the story goes, Once pull'd the devil by the nose With red hot tongs, which made him roar, That	That	SCONJ	he	PRON	 he
The song was released as the album's second single on 15 August 2012. It was written, composed and produced by Yasutaka Nakata. The song is a dance pop track, which features instrumentation from synthesizers and keyboards. It is the group's first English language	language	NOUN	single	NOUN	 single
Written by Szilárd in consultation with fellow Hungarian physicists Edward Teller and Eugene Wigner, the letter warned that Germany might develop atomic bombs and suggested that the United States should start its own nuclear program. It prompted action by Roosevelt, which eventually resulted in the Manhattan Project	Project	PROPN	developing	VERB	 developing
Cankili, along with every surviving member of the royal family were captured and taken to Goa, where he was hanged to death. The remaining captives were encouraged to become monks or nuns in the holy orders, and as most obliged, it avoided further claimants to	to	ADP	the	DET	 the
In the most serious cases, surgery may be indicated. The grading system for the patella runs from 1 (a tight knee), to 4 (a knee so loose that its cap is easily displaced). If a cavalier has a grade 1 – 2	2	NUM	,	PUNCT	,
Krause noted that O'Malley has developed into a hero, stating that " pulling all the people in the operating room out, even though he was already sick and could have easily died from the effort " in a comparison to Sloan, described as being a man with	with	ADP	no	DET	 no
For the week ending June 18, 2011, " Best Thing I Never Had " debuted at number one on the South Korea Gaon International Chart with digital sales of 85,742 copies. The following week, it remained at number one and sold twice as many copies,	,	PUNCT	amassing	VERB	 amassing
It peaked at number 18 in the January 26, 2013 issue. On the Billboard R & B Songs chart, the song debuted at number 13 in the October 20, 2012 issue. The following week it rose to number 12, and peaked at number 10	10	NUM	in	ADP	 in
Georgetown University has grown with both its city, Washington, D.C., and the United States, each of which date their founding to the period from 1788 to 1790. Georgetown's origins are in the establishment of the Maryland colony in the seventeenth century. Bishop John	John	PROPN	Carroll	PROPN	 Carroll
In early November, the 7th began preparing for an assault on the Hindenburg Line as part of the Second Army. The division launched a reconnaissance in force on the Voëvre plain, but the main assault was never conducted as hostilities ended on 11 November 1918 with the	the	DET	signing	NOUN	 signing
Throughout 1998, he retained his job at the BBC, working on three radio shows per week at the same time as writing Cold Feet. During the second series he cut back to one show per week. By the time of the third series in 2000,	,	PUNCT	he	PRON	 he
Proceeding to describe the book as " a classic ", she noted that even in the 21st century, it continued to offer the " source book " for artistic expressions of bog bodies. Proceeding to explore the influence of Glob's tome, she noted that many	many	ADJ	artists	NOUN	 artists
In the first match she made 72 before taking 4 / 46 to help secure a 104 run win, before scoring 62 the next day to lay the foundation for a five wicket win. Ebsary scored 236 runs at 29.50; her previous best WNCL aggregate was 149	149	NUM	.	PUNCT	.
The Underground Group's ownership of the highly profitable London General Omnibus Company (LGOC) since 1912 had enabled the Group, through the pooling of revenues, to use profits from the bus company to subsidise the less profitable railways. However, competition from numerous small bus	bus	NOUN	companies	NOUN	 companies
The ensuing battle and British withdrawal strengthened Sudirman's popular support, and he was ultimately confirmed on 18 December. During the following three years Sudirman saw negotiations with the returning Dutch colonial forces fail, first after the Linggadjati Agreement – which Sudirman participated in drafting – and	and	CCONJ	then	ADV	 then
A prose work, Yalpana Vaipava Malai, compiled by poet Mayilvakana Pulavar in 1736, cites four earlier writings such as Kailaya Malai, Vaiya Padal, Pararasasekaran Ula and Rasamurai as its source. Of which Rasamurai (or list of Kings) has not been found and	and	CCONJ	all	PRON	 all
Pignatelli played bass and fretless guitar, while Morante played electric and acoustic guitar. While the soundtrack is not as well regarded as Goblin's earlier scores for Deep Red, Suspiria, or Dawn of the Dead (1978), Tim Lucas felt it "... so	so	ADV	fused	VERB	 fused
" He later dismissed charges that he was politicizing the shooting, telling Politico that " as a legislator, your immediate reaction is to think something could be done to avoid this. I don't know why the idea of figuring out how to avoid it is a	a	DET	political	ADJ	 political
) Of the early lineages of Ditrysia, Gracillarioidea and Gelechioidea are mostly leaf miners, but more recent lineages feed externally. In the Tineoidea, most species feed on plant and animal detritus and fungi, and build shelters in the larval stage. The Yponomeutoidea is the	the	DET	first	ADJ	 first
(See also Hubble's law). Supernova discoveries are reported to the International Astronomical Union's Central Bureau for Astronomical Telegrams, which sends out a circular with the name it assigns to that supernova. The name is the marker SN followed by the year of discovery	discovery	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
Williamson had attached five page proposals for potential sequels to Scream when he originally sold the script, hoping to entice prospective buyers into buying a film and a franchise. When Dimension Films bought the script, they secured Williamson for two future Scream films, should the original	original	ADJ	prove	VERB	 prove
As an additional attraction for museum visitors, car 300 was restored to operating condition, and in October 1982 it began providing public rides along a short section of track behind the art museum. This heritage trolley service was discontinued at the end of 1985 due to budget	budget	NOUN	cuts	NOUN	 cuts
Unbeknownst to them, Perry lives a double life as a crime fighting spy working for the " Organization Without a Cool Acronym " / The OWCA, going by the codename " Agent P. " He reports to his superior, Major Monogram, via telecast in his large	large	ADJ	,	PUNCT	,
Since there was little or no competition between railroads serving Minnesota farm communities, railroads could charge as much as the traffic would bear. By 1871, the situation was so heated that both the Republican and Democratic candidates in state elections promised to regulate railroad rates. The	The	DET	state	NOUN	 state
Said Gittings, " My thinking didn't change until Frank Kameny came along and he said plainly and firmly and unequivocally that homosexuality is no kind of sickness or disease or disorder or malfunction, it is fully on par with heterosexuality... Suddenly I found that I was	was	AUX	looking	VERB	 looking
It also emphasised the effect of Booth's ideology on Chilembwe. The Commission's reforms were not far reaching — though it criticised the thangata system, it made only minor changes aimed at ending " casual brutality ". Though the government passed laws banning plantation owners from	from	ADP	using	VERB	 using
The first issue was released on May 23, 2012 to positive reviews and received a second printing in April 2013. The series continued to receive positive coverage during its run, but Kindt's art style was a common point of criticism. The series concluded with issue	issue	NOUN	36	NUM	 36
Most of the early graduates were Brahmins. The preponderance of Brahmins in the universities and in the civic administration was one of the main causes for the growth of the Anti Brahmin movement in the presidency. Madras was also the first province in British India where caste based	based	VERB	communal	ADJ	 communal
The development team had decided not to add exclusive DirectX 10 graphic effects. The Mac version uses OpenGL. The game previously featured the Havok physics engine, which allowed for more realistic environmental elements such as " debris rolling down a ramp " which has since been replaced	replaced	VERB	for	ADP	 for
His periwig has fallen off, an obvious suggestion of intimacy and abandon, and an opening for Lady Easy's tact. Soliloquizing to herself about how sad it would be if he caught cold, she " takes a Steinkirk off her Neck, and lays it gently	gently	ADV	on	ADP	 on
On two occasions, Lanier provided the state with more than $1 million (USD) in unsecured loans. Morton's move was successful, he was able to fund the state government and the war effort in Indiana. There was little the legislature could do but	but	CCONJ	watch	VERB	 watch
The frequency and transmitting equipment was recovered, and the station was back on the air (with reduced power) on November 11. Congress funded a new station in July 1941, and it was built 5 kilometres (3.1 mi) south of the former location,	,	PUNCT	still	ADV	 still
To pursue the retreating Viet Cong formation, Lieutenant Colonel Richard E. Cavazos — commander of the 1st Battalion, 18th Infantry Regiment — was instructed to conduct an air assault into a clearing located about 2 kilometers (1.2 mi) west of Stauffer ' battalion, in order	order	NOUN	to	PART	 to
" The Daily Mirror described the beat as " nicely buffeted electropop ", noting its " trickily timed beats, synthesised horns and playful vocal jousting ". Scott Lowe of IGN said the song featured an " intriguing jazzy beat layered over pounding bass ". Others panned	panned	VERB	the	DET	 the
In " rhubarb " operations over France, Johnson's wing commander, Patrick Jameson, insisted that the line astern formation be used which caused Johnson to question why tactics such as the finger four had not been universally adopted. Johnson criticised the lack of tactical consistency and	and	CCONJ	when	SCONJ	 when
He wrote of the importance, for example, of the need for the state to preserve its own historical documents (something not given much attention in its early years). Washburn, Emory (1840). Sketches of Massachusetts Judicial History. Boston: Little,	,	PUNCT	Brown	PROPN	 Brown
He was later rescued from that flat by friends and moved elsewhere, but his erratic behavior continued. Watkinson and Anderson included quotes from a story told to them by Thorgerson that underscored how volatile Barrett could be. " On one occasion, I had to pull him	him	PRON	off	ADP	 off
The United States Capitol Police had primary responsibility for security and emergency response within the Capitol Complex to include the Inaugural Platform and the Inaugural Luncheon. The NSSE designation was made by Michael Chertoff, Secretary of Homeland Security, on December 10, 2008. The inauguration took	took	VERB	place	NOUN	 place
McCulloch had been impressed by the sharp quality of Latham's production on The Stranglers ' single " Skin Deep ". The band met with Latham in Brussels and recorded " All in Your Mind ", " Like a Rollercoaster " and " Jimmy Brown ", which	which	PRON	was	AUX	 was
Those that remained up to that period were eventually defeated by the agents of European monarchical powers, who, while they remained on the European continent, thereafter established new American administrations overseen by delegated viceroys. Some of these colonies were, in turn, replaced by either	either	CCONJ	republican	ADJ	 republican
The front of the building has Corinthian columnsin the centre and pilasters to the sides. A central semicircular arched doorway has cast iron lion head knockers. A frieze with human and animal heads symbolises trade, and a Royal Coat of Arms is displayed in the tympanum.	.	PUNCT	The	DET	 The
Five at risk species are found in the cave: Townsend's big eared bat, long eared myotis, fringed myotis, long legged myotis, and Yuma myotis. Oregon Caves National Monument and Preserve is open year round, although snow sometimes blocks the road to the	the	DET	park	NOUN	 park
However, the Antiochene barons made an alliance with Thoros II of Cilician Armenia and forced her to leave Antioch. After Constance's removal, Bohemond III took control of the principality. Before long, Constance died, probably in Lattakieh or Jebail, according to Steven Runciman	Runciman	PROPN	.	PUNCT	.
Stefani also appears as a nun and an orchestra conductor. One scene uses smoke to create the illusion that Stefani is a submerged escape artist searching for a key. She pulls the key, a symbol of " the sweet escape ", from her mouth as an	an	DET	allusion	NOUN	 allusion
With the opening of the extension to Robertsbridge, there were three trains a day, with two on Sundays. These were augmented by an additional train daily when the extension to Bopeep Junction opened. In 1860, there were seven up trains and six down trains daily	daily	ADV	;	PUNCT	;
The first well supported species of Edmontosaurus was named in 1892 as Claosaurus annectens by Othniel Charles Marsh. This species is based on USNM 2414, a partial skull roof and skeleton, with a second skull and skeleton, YPM 2182, designated the paratype. Both were	were	AUX	collected	VERB	 collected
On 24 April, the destroyer departed Boston in company with Wadsworth, Porter, Davis, Conyngham, and McDougal, bound for the British Isles. This division — led by Commander Joseph K. Taussig — was the first American naval unit to be sent to Europe.	.	PUNCT	The	DET	 The
OPI Products released a collection of The Amazing Spider Man nail polish. Trading cards were also available. CKE Restaurants, parent company of Carl's Jr. and Hardee's, helped sponsor the film. Chief marketing officer Brad Haley said they would market a new burger as	as	ADP	part	NOUN	 part
Instead it used the ranks established by the post World War I Freikorps and the SA. This was primarily done to emphasize the SS as being independent from the Wehrmacht. In the September 1939 invasion of Poland, the LSSAH and SS VT fought as separate mobile infantry	infantry	NOUN	regiments	NOUN	 regiments
In May 1940, during World War II, the United Kingdom initiated an invasion of politically neutral Iceland, fearing it would otherwise fall to the forces of Nazi Germany which had recently conquered Denmark. Iceland's indigenous population was generally opposed to the British occupation, instead	instead	ADV	preferring	VERB	 preferring
Meanwhile, the Church quietly had Edgardo confirmed as a Catholic in a private chapel on 13 May 1859. Edgardo was by this time no longer in the Catechumens but at San Pietro in Vincoli, a basilica elsewhere in Rome where Pope Pius had personally decided the boy	boy	NOUN	would	AUX	 would
After a week in which the parties were given a chance to make amends outside of court, the book in question was ruled a colourable shortening, created only to circumvent the law, and thus was an infringement of Gyles ' printing rights. In his decision,	,	PUNCT	Hartwicke	PROPN	 Hartwicke
During meetings of the rebel leadership, the mujahidin of the host leader assumed military formation by lining up along the road of the host village and saluting the visiting commanders. The rebels referred to themselves as junūd al thawra (sing. jundi), meaning " soldiers	soldiers	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
" It has also been called " a prime example of Lewis ' simplistic genius. " The Times said " the verses in the title track tickle and tease so that you are practically salivating for the chorus. " It was also noted that Lewis ' " delicately	delicately	ADV	seductive	ADJ	 seductive
Critics can also polarize audiences and lead debates, such as how Joe Bob Briggs and Roger Ebert dueled over I Spit On Your Grave (1978). Briggs would later contribute a commentary track to the DVD release in which he describes it as a feminist film.	.	PUNCT	Films	NOUN	 Films
As Bryan Cartledge emphasizes, Stephen also gave his kingdom " forty years of relative peace and sound but unspectacular rule ". His successors, including those descended from Vazul, were eager to emphasize their devotion to Stephen's achievements. Although Vazul's son, Andrew I	I	PROPN	of	ADP	 of
On the defensive side of the ball, four standouts appear on five different watch lists. Big Ten Preseason Defensive Player of the Year and returning first team All Big Ten linebacker Greg Jones of Michigan State has been named to the watch lists for the Bednarik, Butkus	Butkus	PROPN	and	CCONJ	 and
The locomotive was taken into use on the Flåm Line in June 1982. A year later, El 11.2092 was also taken into use after a similar rebuild. El 9 remained in sporadic use until 1989. Class 69 electric multiple units were taken into use starting on	on	ADP	10	NUM	 10
The club competes in the National League North, the sixth tier of the English football league system, and play their home matches at Broadhurst Park. Founded in 2005 by Manchester United supporters opposed to American businessman Malcolm Glazer's takeover of that club, F.C. United entered	entered	VERB	the	DET	 the
The Partisan moves towards multi ethnic recruiting, imposition of extreme left wing policies and use of terror against " class enemies " made all the Partisan and volunteer detachments vulnerable to such agitation. Chetnik infiltrators were able to join detachments and turn the rank and file against their	their	PRON	communist	NOUN	 communist
The two players combined for 582 yards total offense. Both Young and Smith led their respective team in rushing yards. Young had 108 rushing yards while Smith had 57. Young had 236 passing yards compared to Smith's 181. The Longhorns and the Tigers each scored	scored	VERB	two	NUM	 two
A 4 – 1 victory over Southampton secured a quarter final berth at Sheffield United. As a Second Division team with a poor away record, Wanderers were clear underdogs in the quarter final, particularly in view of Sheffield United's strong home form. Nevertheless, Bolton	Bolton	PROPN	prevailed	VERB	 prevailed
Job for a Cowboy participated in the second Mayhem Festival, playing on the Hot Topic stage along with bands such as Cannibal Corpse and Whitechapel. At the beginning of 2011, the band started work on an EP which was recorded in February at the Audiohammer Studios in	in	ADP	Sanford	PROPN	 Sanford
Myst Online takes place in fictitious caverns below Earth's surface. Thousands of years ago, a race known as the D ' ni practiced a craft known as The Art. By writing special books describing a location, the D ' ni created a link to that	that	DET	world	NOUN	 world
Theoretical and observational studies have shown that the activity in these active galactic nuclei (AGN) may be explained by the presence of supermassive black holes, which can be millions of times more massive than stellar ones. The models of these AGN consist of a central black	black	ADJ	hole	NOUN	 hole
Furthermore, the strophes remind of the refrain from Melissa Manchester's hit " You Should Hear How She Talks About You " (1982). The lyrics explain that what Madonna wants is money, good clothes, the perfect life and men who are able to supply	supply	VERB	those	DET	 those
Saludos and Caballeros set the template for several other 1940s Disney releases of " package films ": low budgeted films composed of animated short subjects with animated or live action bridging material. These films were Make Mine Music (1946), Fun and Fancy Free (1947	1947	NUM	)	PUNCT	)
The letter (t) stood for tschechisch (German: " Czech "). In Czechoslovak service, it had the formal designation Lehký tank vzor 35 (Light Tank Model 35), but was commonly referred to as the LT vz. 35 or LT 35	35	NUM	.	PUNCT	.
" Fellow poet and critic Glyn Jones believed that any traces of cynghanedd in Thomas's work was accidental, although he felt Thomas consciously employed one element of Welsh metrics; that of counting syllables per line instead of feet. Constantine FitzGibbon, Thomas's first in depth	depth	NOUN	biographer	NOUN	 biographer
He named this combined set of units " Gaussian units ". This set of units has been recognised as being particularly useful in theoretical physics. Practical system of units The CGS units of measure used in scientific work were not practical when used in engineering leading to the	the	DET	development	NOUN	 development
In 2016, construction began on the portion of the road between Levels Road and DE 71 and between DE 896 and DE 1. A groundbreaking ceremony was held on February 5, 2016 near the Maryland border, with Governor Jack Markell, FHWA administrator Gregory G. Nadeau	Nadeau	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
The exoperidium (the outer layer of tissue, comprising the rays) is made of four distinct layers of tissue: the mycelial layer contains branched hyphae that are 4 – 6 μm in diameter; the hyphae of the fibrous layer are 6 – 8 μm diameter and	and	CCONJ	branched	VERB	 branched
When filming began in 1987, a loss of financing led to the production being shut down. Forty minutes of usable footage existed, but production was never revived. In 1995, when rights to the novella returned to King, Bryan Singer petitioned the author for an	an	DET	opportunity	NOUN	 opportunity
It originally was produced in 1999 and aired on Nickelodeon in the United States on March 15, 2000. The series follows the adventures of the title character in the underwater city of Bikini Bottom. In the episode, SpongeBob becomes stranded in a hadopelagic zone called Rock	Rock	PROPN	Bottom	PROPN	 Bottom
The system then began a terminal weakening trend. By August 7 it was only a tropical storm. After falling to depression strength, Hilary dissipated on August 9 over 21° C (70° F) waters. In Southern California, officials hoped that Hilary would	would	AUX	produce	VERB	 produce
" The ship was blown up by her own guns. At the second board, eyewitnesses reported unusual types of discharge from the 15 inch guns of Hood, suggesting that a shell could have detonated within the gun, causing an explosion within the gunhouse. It is	is	AUX	possible	ADJ	 possible
A second, possibly pre 12th century allusion to the Cædmon story is found in two Latin texts associated with the Old Saxon Heliand poem. These texts, the Praefatio (Preface) and Versus de Poeta (Lines about the poet), explain the origins of an	an	DET	Old	PROPN	 Old
But there was no response at all. " At 11: 30 a.m., police officers Ian Smith and Tom Keene responded to a call for police assistance from the ambulance control centre. Jones commented: " Once the police arrived, which seemed like no time at	at	ADV	all	ADV	 all
He retired in 1949. Clarence Chesterfield Howerton was born on February 9, 1913, in Salem, Oregon, to Frank and Helen Howerton. He had five brothers, all of whom grew to 6 ft (1.83 m) tall. However, Howerton grew to	to	ADP	a	DET	 a
The Indian delegation caused a sensation in London, and Queen Anne granted them an audience. Nicholson and Schuyler were successful in their endeavour — the queen gave support for Nicholson's successful capture of Port Royal in 1710. With that success under his belt, Nicholson again	again	ADV	returned	VERB	 returned
Fender completed the double in 1922 with 1,169 runs and 157 wickets, Surrey finished third in the Championship, and once again the lack of effective bowling hindered the team. Wisden described the team's success as " nothing less than a triumph for Mr Fender ".	.	PUNCT	Despite	SCONJ	 Despite
The inflation of the mouth causes the cavum ventrale, the throat pleats on the underside stretching to the navel, to expand, increasing the amount of water that the mouth can store. The mandible is connected to the skull by dense fibers and cartilage (fibrocartilage)	)	PUNCT	,	PUNCT	,
In 1919, S. A. Halterman took the first automobile to Cedar Breaks via Parowan Canyon. With improvements to the road completed by 1921, he was able to take visitors on weekly trips to the area. State Route 143 was first commissioned in 1933 as the road	road	NOUN	from	ADP	 from
" into " ooch! " during his fistfight. Raft's coin flip, which originally appeared in Scarface (1932), had been spoofed a few years earlier in Some Like It Hot (1959). At the Intercon science fiction convention held in Slough in	in	ADP	1978	NUM	 1978
The use of circumcision to promote good health also fit in with the germ theory of disease during that time, which saw the foreskin as being filled with infection causing smegma (a mixture of shed skin cells and oils). Sayre published works on the subject and	and	CCONJ	promoted	VERB	 promoted
Don't pass the tip to others in your place, but see if their little favorite doesn't fool them completely in her masculine makeup. " Other members of the cast have not been identified. The single reel drama, approximately 1000 feet long, was released	released	VERB	on	ADP	 on
After several weeks of negotiation, the Ideas team agreed to produce a series of games for Softdisk, one every two months, and on February 1, 1991, founded i d Software. In the summer of 1991, i d hosted a seminar for game developers	developers	NOUN	with	ADP	 with
This was assumed in the past to be present in 50 – 70% of cases, although more recently the frequency has been reported as 15 – 20%. Reynolds ' pentad includes the findings of Charcot's triad with the presence of septic shock and mental confusion	confusion	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
On October 17, Hurricane Rick was classified a Category 5 hurricane, becoming the first in the eastern Pacific basin since Hurricane Kenna in 2002 and the first east of the International Date Line since Hurricane Ioke in 2006. The storm also became the thirteenth cyclone of this	this	DET	intensity	NOUN	 intensity
' I Saw the Light ' took me all of 20 minutes. " He found some of the other songs quick to write, too, noting " they were all basically starting out with C Major 7th, and I'd start moving my hand around in predictable	predictable	ADJ	patterns	NOUN	 patterns
At 04: 30 on 8 July, the artillery of I and VIII Corps shifted their fire deeper into the German defensive belt, along the axes of advance of the 3rd Canadian Division and the 59th (Staffordshire) Infantry Division. As the infantry and armour moved	moved	VERB	off	ADP	 off
Upon his reinstatement, he was appointed Chief of Staff of the Army of the Moselle and the Army of Sambre et Meuse. He held several administrative posts, including a stint in which he helped to develop the topographical and geographical military maps. In 1798, Jourdan	Jourdan	PROPN	appointed	VERB	 appointed
Growing weaker and weaker, she requested that she be taken back to Romania, in order to die there. Carol denied her a journey by aeroplane, and she declined a medical flight offered by Hitler, instead choosing to return to Romania by train. She was	was	AUX	brought	VERB	 brought
More generally, overseeing Iraq policy became Biden ’ s responsibility, when the president said in 2009: " Joe, you do Iraq ". Biden said Iraq " could be one of the great achievements of this administration. " Biden's January 2010 visit to Iraq	Iraq	PROPN	in	ADP	 in
In San Xavier, San Rafael de Velasco and Santa Ana de Velasco three original harps from the time of the Jesuits are preserved. The church in Santa Ana de Vealsco also houses the only original organ in Chiquitos, transported there from Potosí by mule, accompanied by	by	ADP	Schmid	PROPN	 Schmid
On the Megan and Bud scenes she said that Megan was " sweet " and " funny " but called her attempts at consoling Bud " clumsy ", adding; " Neither completely trusts the other but their growing professional respect has the potential to also become a personal	personal	ADJ	friendship	NOUN	 friendship
For the second time in six seasons, West Virginia produced an undefeated, 11 win regular season in 1993. The Mountaineers engineered several close victories, beginning with a 36 – 34 upset of No. 17 Louisville at home in Morgantown. In its final two regular	regular	ADJ	season	NOUN	 season
According to USIP president Richard H. Solomon, Safdie's design was chosen because the other designs " were basically square buildings. " USIP's headquarters is the second building in Washington, D.C. designed by Safdie. The first was the fortress like headquarters of the Bureau of	of	ADP	Alcohol	PROPN	 Alcohol
Sagan comfortably took the sprint for the line, holding enough of a lead to free wheel the closing metres and performing a " running man " salute akin to Tom Hanks's character in 1994 film Forrest Gump. A one second time difference between Sagan and the field	field	NOUN	–	PUNCT	 –
They only realized their error after the broadcast, so they decided not to change it. While writing the segment, Sam Simon, one of the writers, wanted the fingers to go down in such an order so they would eventually have the middle finger sticking up	up	ADP	.	PUNCT	.
It was released as a single by Warner Music Japan in both regular and limited edition versions on April 22, 2009, and reached # 6 on the Oricon singles chart. The ending theme for episodes 14 26, " Orange Days " (オレンジDays, Orenji Days	Days	PROPN	)	PUNCT	)
Swedo Finnish cooperation represented a rich vein of shared history in the culture of both nations, and the Swedish speaking Finns had a common language with Swedes. During the Civil War, however, Sweden briefly occupied the Åland Islands and later supported the local movement that wanted	wanted	VERB	to	PART	 to
Whether this act affected the status of the College's charter is debatable; however, the act did facilitate the de facto recovery of Coldharbour to the crown. Henry then granted the house to his mother Lady Margaret Beaufort, for life. This was because it was	was	AUX	supposed	VERB	 supposed
The Bricker Amendment is occasionally revived in Congress. For example, in 1997, Representative Helen Chenoweth (R – Idaho) offered her version of the Bricker Amendment in the 105th Congress. Timeline of dates important in consideration of the Amendment: March 4, 1789.	.	PUNCT	The	DET	 The
Managers are required to have a UEFA Pro Licence which is the final coaching qualification available, and follows the completion of the UEFA ' B ' and ' A ' Licences. The UEFA Pro Licence is required by every person who wishes to manage a club in the	the	DET	Premier	PROPN	 Premier
The label aimed its promotion at alternative markets and press, and released the album on vinyl record as part of this strategy. In contrast to the previous album, the label did not release any of In Utero's singles commercially in the United States. DGC sent	sent	VERB	promo	ADJ	 promo
The episode is a parody on the disaster film genre, which has been parodied in previous South Park episodes, like " Pandemic ", the twelfth season parody of the film Cloverfield. " Pee " included a particularly large number of references to 2012, a science	science	NOUN	fiction	NOUN	 fiction
Quoting liberal statesman Dean Acheson, Chomsky asserts that the purpose of this strategy is to prevent any challenge to the " power, position, and prestige of the United States ". Noting that economic decision making in the United States is highly centralized among a select socio	socio	NOUN	economic	ADJ	 economic
His first two goals of 2006 – 07 came in Mansfield's 3 – 0 Football League Trophy home victory against Grimsby Town on 31 October 2006. As he was not playing regularly for Mansfield, Beardsley joined Conference National side Rushden & Diamonds on a one month loan	loan	NOUN	on	ADP	 on
Readers are told that Python — a female snake deity and symbol of the Goddess — was slain by the Hellenistic Apollo, representing the destruction of feminine social, political, and religious power. Bradley also uses the story's female characters to create a feminist dichotomy;	;	PUNCT	Kassandra	PROPN	 Kassandra
Messi faces Ronaldo at least twice every season in El Clásico, which ranks among the world's most viewed annual sports events. Off the pitch, Ronaldo is his direct competitor in terms of salary, sponsorships, and social media fanbase. According to France Football,	,	PUNCT	Messi	PROPN	 Messi
The film completed a 50 day run on 20 November 2014. The film had the biggest opening for a Ram Charan picture in the US, where it grossed ₹ 10.7 million (US $160,000) on its first day, according to trade analyst Jeevi of Idlebrain.com	Idlebrain.com	PROPN	.	PUNCT	.
Cobb's direction for the sets was to " undo history ", " to invent [their] own fantasy history ", and yet maintain a " realistic, historical look ". Eschewing the Greco Roman imagery used heavily in the sword and sandal films of the	the	DET	1960s	NOUN	 1960s
It debuted in Austria at number fifty four, where it peaked, and remained four weeks on the chart. It debuted on the Belgian Tip Chart in Flanders at number twenty five, where it peaked, and remained for two weeks. It debuted in Germany at	at	ADP	number	NOUN	 number
Đurišić reported that: The operations were executed exactly according to orders. [...] All the commanders and units carried out their tasks satisfactorily. [...] All Muslim villages in the three above mentioned districts are entirely burnt, so that not one of the houses	houses	NOUN	remained	VERB	 remained
The galaxy has an apparent magnitude of 11.9 and is around 80 million light years distant. NGC 7424 is a barred spiral galaxy with an apparent magnitude of 10.4. located around 4 degrees west of the Grus Triplet. Approximately 37.5 million light years distant, it is	is	AUX	about	ADV	 about
The selection followed two rounds of tanker competition between Boeing and Airbus parent EADS, and came eight years after the USAF's original 2003 announcement of its plan to lease KC 767s. The tanker order encompassed 179 aircraft and was expected to sustain 767 production past 2013.	.	PUNCT	In	ADP	 In
They are religious situations – but for all their earnest dignity they are not in the style of the church, but completely in the style of the opera. Parsifal is an opera, call it a ' stage festival ' or ' consecrational stage festival ' if you	you	PRON	will	AUX	 will
" Also, Robinson said " Tim [Duncan] was like Superman out there ", and conceded that the Lakers were simply better, just like in the last playoffs campaign. The 2002 – 03 season saw Duncan enjoy another standout season in which he averaged 23.3	23.3	NUM	points	NOUN	 points
Crane and Kauffman had originally written the role of Monica for comedian Janeane Garofalo, their first choice, because they were attracted to her " edgier and snarkier " voice. However, Garofalo ultimately turned down the offer. Actress Jamie Gertz was also offered the role but	but	CCONJ	declined	VERB	 declined
He left KSU after three years. After leaving the university, Carey enlisted into the United States Marine Corps Reserve in 1980 and served for six years. He moved to Las Vegas for a few months in 1982, and for a short time worked as a bank	bank	NOUN	teller	NOUN	 teller
" When Pompeo did not receive an Emmy nomination for her work as Meredith, Mary McNamara of the Los Angeles Times suggested that Pompeo, " who has worked very hard and against all narrative odds to make Meredith Grey an interesting character ", should have received a	a	DET	nomination	NOUN	 nomination
So anybody out there that wants to do anything that we can help — with the way America is set up to help the poor, the black people, the less well off, as slow as possible. I mean, the Red Cross is doing everything they	they	PRON	can	AUX	 can
Brazil entered into a period of great economic, scientific and cultural prosperity, lasting from 1850 until the end of its monarchy. Soon after the Battle of Caseros the San Nicolás Agreement was signed. It was meant to comply with the constitutional mandate of the Federal pact	pact	NOUN	that	PRON	 that
Congress endorsed the Suffolk Resolves, issued a Declaration of Rights that denied Parliament's right to legislate for the colonies, and organized a colonial boycott known as the Continental Association. Adams returned to Massachusetts in November 1774, where he served in the Massachusetts Provincial Congress,	,	PUNCT	an	DET	 an
This creates the thought that women should do paid work and lose some time doing domestic jobs without the man taking time away from paid work to do domestic jobs, creating a deficit of hours necessary to do unpaid work that need to get filled. In addition,	,	PUNCT	women	NOUN	 women
By election time, the economy was souring and Bush saw his approval rating plummet to just slightly over 40 percent. Finally, conservatives were previously united by anti communism, but with the end of the Cold War, the party lacked a uniting issue. When Pat	Pat	PROPN	Buchanan	PROPN	 Buchanan
The Washington Irving operated daily leisure passenger service up and down the Hudson River. Its maiden voyage was on Saturday, 17 May 1913 from the Desbrosses Street Pier in New York City with a destination of Albany. On that voyage, fifty oil paintings by artists illustrating	illustrating	VERB	the	DET	 the
The game, initially developed as a joke prototype from an internal game jam and shown in an early alpha state in YouTube videos, was met with excitement and attention, prompting the studio to build out the game into a releasable state while still retaining various non breaking	breaking	VERB	bugs	NOUN	 bugs
They are widely considered to constitute the single most important event leading to the gay liberation movement and the modern fight for LGBT rights in the United States. Gay Americans in the 1950s and 1960s faced an anti gay legal system. Early homophile groups in the U.S. sought	sought	VERB	to	PART	 to
In 2005, five years after his death, the case was closed and the burial was authorized. The body was placed in a marble mausoleum. His mother, manager and friends attended a memorial service where they placed a trophy over the marble grave, symbolizing the	the	DET	appreciation	NOUN	 appreciation
With ample food and water, this boat left the ship half full, occupied entirely by engine room staff. Of the ship's officers only Luce and Fourth Officer Francis Dorian now remained; virtually all the engineers and seamen had left. Around 300 people were still	still	ADV	on	ADP	 on
He is a fan of the Daily Mail newspaper, James Bond films and Lexus cars. His music taste includes Wings and Abba, naming his son Fernando and his talk show Knowing Me, Knowing You after Abba songs; Partridge's catchphrase, " Aha! "	"	PUNCT	,	PUNCT	,
The populares party took full advantage of this opportunity by allying itself with Marius. Several years later, in 88 BC, a Roman army was sent to put down an emerging Asian power, king Mithridates of Pontus. The army, however, was defeated. One	One	NUM	of	ADP	 of
Following reports that the club had spoken with city, county, and state officials in Virginia about abandoning the District of Columbia and constructing a stadium in Northern Virginia, D.C. United and the city signed a final construction agreement on June 8. The agreement required that the	the	DET	facility	NOUN	 facility
Asking Florence to indicate which pieces were being questioned, Marcus dismissed each claim one by one: " I don't know how anybody could think hitting a baseball was communist, " Marcus said when shown Shahn's " The National Pastime. " His response to Zorach	Zorach	PROPN	's	PART	's
The fate of Henry's family lands in France still remained uncertain. Reclaiming these lands was extremely important to Henry, who used terms such as " reclaiming his inheritance ", " restoring his rights " and " defending his legal claims " to the territories in diplomatic	diplomatic	ADJ	correspondence	NOUN	 correspondence
1584 – October 3, 1656) was an English military officer hired by the Pilgrims as military adviser for Plymouth Colony. He accompanied the Pilgrims on their journey on the Mayflower and subsequently Standish played a leading role in the administration and defense of Plymouth Colony from its	its	PRON	inception	NOUN	 inception
So the Luftwaffe settled on the Focke Wulf Fw 190 fighter aircraft, with the Fw 190F becoming the ground attack version. The Fw 190F started to replace the Ju 87 for day missions in 1943, but the Ju 87 continued to be used as a night nuisance	nuisance	NOUN	raider	NOUN	 raider
Instead, they opted to use frontal attack to breach the perimeter and collapse it as the only hope of achieving success in the battle. Fed by intelligence from the Soviet Union the North Koreans were aware the UN forces were building up along the Pusan Perimeter and that	that	SCONJ	it	PRON	 it
A study of 27 Milky Way neighbors found that in all dwarf galaxies, the central mass is approximately 10 million solar masses, regardless of whether the galaxy has thousands or millions of stars. This has led to the suggestion that galaxies are largely formed by dark matter	matter	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
Wolverton railway works was established here, creating work for thousands of people in the surrounding area. In the period 1840 to 1880, new towns were built in New Bradwell and Wolverton (about 2 km or 1.2 mi east of the original deserted village) to house	house	VERB	them	PRON	 them
Attempts to flank Le Hamel were made difficult by the surrounding machine gun placements, mines, and barbed wire. Elements of the 1st Hampshires captured the German strongpoint WN 36 at the eastern edge of the village of Asnelles. When they turned west to move along the	the	DET	beach	NOUN	 beach
She starts a relationship with Fatboy, after her sister Tansy Meadow's (Daisy Wood Davis) visit, where Fatboy acts as Poppy's " high flying " businessman boyfriend in front of Tansy, in an effort to make herself look good in front of her younger	younger	ADJ	"	PUNCT	 "
The album's second single, " Break Ya Back " featuring American singer Dev, was released on April 17, 2012. For the fourth installment in the Step Up franchise, Step Up Revolution, Timbaland released a track called " Hands In the Air ",	,	PUNCT	which	PRON	 which
After its airing on August 14 on NBC, the episode was viewed by 4 million households, and received a 1.3 rating / 4 share in the 18 – 49 demographic. Since airing, the episode has received mixed reviews. In his review for IGN, contributor	contributor	NOUN	Colin	PROPN	 Colin
A short while later, Anders also went to sleep after taking a sleeping pill. The crew was unable to see the Moon for much of the outward cruise. Two factors made the Moon almost impossible to see from inside the spacecraft: three of the five windows	windows	NOUN	fogging	VERB	 fogging
They discovered that tank fire could only destroy the concrete pillboxes via a direct hit on the embrasures, so they called for artillery fire from the naval vessels offshore. By evening they had combined with 12th Infantry, who had travelled directly across the flooded fields to a	a	DET	position	NOUN	 position
Another departure from history comes during Victoria's coronation scene. Contrary to what is shown in the film, Albert was not present at the ceremony; the couple instead wrote letters to each other, but Fellowes felt that having them keep opening letters would be less cinematic	cinematic	ADJ	.	PUNCT	.
Becky starts dating local builder Jason Grimshaw, but after being with him for several months, she cheats on him with pub landlord Steve McDonald. Jason and Becky move in together, but when Jason's ex wife Sarah Grimshaw (Tina O'Brien) reveals she is considering	considering	VERB	coming	VERB	 coming
The tribunal then " congratulated " the generals, but found that they were of " lax morality " and unqualified to command due to a " lack of a clear political concept ". They were chastised for being " inadequately aware of their heavy responsibility " and of	of	ADP	letting	VERB	 letting
The electronic chatrooms had names such as " The Cartel, " " The Bandits ' Club, " " One Team, One Dream " and " The Mafia ". UBS set aside approximately US $2 billion in expected liability for alleged charges in currency rigging and	and	CCONJ	French	ADJ	 French
Travel time from Ljabru to Holtet is 7 minutes, to Oslo Hospital is 14 minutes and to Jernbanetoget is 20 minutes. Both of the lines run every 10 minutes during the day, every 20 minutes during the evenings and part of the weekends and every 30 minutes	minutes	NOUN	during	ADP	 during
Mars's two small moons, Deimos and Phobos, are thought to be captured asteroids. The Earth's Moon is thought to have formed as a result of a single, large oblique collision. The impacting object probably had a mass comparable to that of Mars,	,	PUNCT	and	CCONJ	 and
" Blender gave the album two stars, claiming the album was " Black Sabbath in name only ". The album would stall at No. 66 in the UK, while peaking at 168 in the US. The band toured in support of Eternal Idol in Germany	Germany	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
Despite the blunder, Francis refused to dismiss his foreign minister, and political crisis rocked Vienna throughout November, culminating in a declaration by Tsar Alexander that Russia would not compromise in her claim on Poland as a satellite kingdom. The Coalition rejected this utterly, and agreement	agreement	NOUN	seemed	VERB	 seemed
It features Sheeran performing live an acoustic version of the song. Sheeran performed " One " on his x Tour, which ran from 2014 to 2015. Upon the release of x, " One " received positive reviews. Neil McCormick of The Daily Telegraph described Sheeran	Sheeran	PROPN	's	PART	's
Salon's Andrew O'Hehir deemed Ip Man a " well paced and satisfying piece of Chinese nationalist pulp, " referring to the film's heavy anti Japanese sentiment. Derek Elley of Variety Magazine wrote in his review, " Yen, who's taking on real star charisma	charisma	NOUN	in	ADP	 in
The Baker Ripley Neighborhood Center, in Greater Sharpstown, was scheduled to open in December 2009. The center consists of a 4 acres (1.6 ha) campus with five buildings. Designed by New Orleans based Concordia architects and landscaped by Asakura Robinson Company, the site	site	NOUN	contains	VERB	 contains
Conn Smythe realized the importance of finding the right line mates for Kennedy, telling coach Hap Day in September 1945, " we must get something really rapid to team up with this guy and we'll be set for a decade with a first rate front line.	.	PUNCT	"	PUNCT	 "
Baalham arrived on October 3, following a fruitless three day search for survivors. The text of Geib's brief letter to the American consul appeared in that day's edition of the St John's Newfoundlander, while its rival newspaper The Public Ledger printed a more detailed	detailed	ADJ	account	NOUN	 account
New Radar warning receiver aerials on tail fin giving it a square top from the mid 1970s. B.2 (MRR) Nine B.2s converted to Maritime Radar Reconnaissance (MRR). TFR deleted. Five aircraft further modified for Air Sampling Role. Distinctive gloss finish with light	light	ADJ	grey	PROPN	 grey
SR 27 continues north along a Union Pacific rail line through Latah and Fairfield toward Rockford, where it serves as the western terminus of SR 278 and the Palouse Scenic Byway ends. The highway travels north out of the Palouse and to the Spokane Valley neighborhood of Opportunity	Opportunity	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
The race was eventually won by Cambridge by four and a quarter lengths, in a consolidated time of 17 minutes 23 seconds. Immediately after completing the race, a member of the Oxford crew collapsed, but later recovered. Oldfield was later jailed for six months for	for	ADP	causing	VERB	 causing
The coastal village of Reculver, to the east of Herne Bay, was the site of the testing of the bouncing bomb used by the " Dam Busters " during the war. The original wooden pier had to be dismantled in 1871 after its owners went into liquidation	liquidation	NOUN	and	CCONJ	 and
The other idea is that the ivory coloured bill, which contrasted sharply with the bird's black plumage, may have been used to attract a mate. In animals that use sexually dimorphic physical traits to attract a mate, the dimorphic feature is often brightly coloured or	or	CCONJ	contrasts	VERB	 contrasts
Interscope willingly sublicensed the project to Trauma Records in 1995 and Tragic Kingdom got the personal focus that comes from a small company. By the end of the year, 100,000 copies of The Beacon Street Collection had been sold, over three times as many as their first	first	ADJ	album	NOUN	 album
Hares are primarily nocturnal and spend a third of their time foraging. During daytime, a hare will hide in a depression called a " form " where it is partially hidden. Hares can run at 70 km / h (43 mph) and when confronted by	by	ADP	predators	NOUN	 predators
It was later re released in the US in a collector's edition boxed set of the first three volumes of The Best of The Simpsons collections. It was re released in the UK as part of VHS boxed set of the complete first season, released in November	November	PROPN	1999	NUM	 1999
), and the Maluridae (Australian fairy wrens) in a large Meliphagoidea superfamily. Early naturalist George Shaw had called it the blue faced honey sucker in 1826. Other common names include white quilled honeyeater, and blue eye. Its propensity for feeding on the flowers	flowers	NOUN	and	CCONJ	 and
The expedition was warmly received on its return to the Clyde on 21 July 1904. A formal reception for 400 people was held at the Marine Biological Station, Millport, at which John Murray read a telegram of congratulation from King Edward VII. Bruce was presented with	with	ADP	the	DET	 the
Population data for the species is sparse, but a few studies have shown a low population density of 0.20 to 0.02 individuals per km2. Its numbers are still decreasing, primarily because of poaching. In Indonesia, it is sometimes used in traditional medicine, because of	of	ADP	myths	NOUN	 myths
Phoronids also absorb amino acids (the building blocks of proteins) through their skins, mainly in summer. Solid wastes are moved up the intestine and out through the anus, which is outside and slightly below the lophophore. A blood vessel starts from the peritoneum (	(	PUNCT	the	DET	the
" It also stated that the Hannah Montana set was more satisfying due to the quality of the songs and more energy. Geoff Edgers of The Boston Globe wrote, " Of course, most of the mainly tweener fans in the arena weren't splitting [...]	]	PUNCT	musical	ADJ	 musical
Despite reaching the Lions ' 37 yard line, Cutler was hit by Ansah while throwing to Deonte Thompson and was intercepted by Glover Quin. With less than two minutes left in the game, the Bears held the Lions to 3rd and 5, but Stafford's six	six	NUM	yard	NOUN	 yard
The new system was both praised and criticized by local newspapers, often depending on whether that city was connected to a major route. While the Lincoln Highway Association understood and supported the plan, partly because they were assured of getting the US 30 designation as much as	as	ADP	possible	ADJ	 possible
The estimated population of the entire watershed reached 123,000 just before the 2000 census. Fanno Creek, which had few people living near it until 1850, " is surrounded by the most populous region in Oregon ". Although the Oregon Department of Environmental Quality (DEQ)	)	PUNCT	rated	VERB	 rated
In 1767, Martin wrote that plans for further construction and improvements at Greenway Court " remain in status quo and in quo state they are likely to remain,... we are building castles, tho ' not on earth where one is greatly wanted, but castles in	in	ADP	the	DET	 the
Sacbe 7 is located south of Sacbe 6. It is at least 5.1 kilometres (3.2 mi) long and runs across El Laberinto swamp. Sacbe 8 is on the west side of the swamp and does not appear to cross it to the site core. Structure	Structure	NOUN	1	NUM	 1
In November 2014, it was announced that Costa Ronin would portray a younger version of Anton Vanko, who was portrayed in Iron Man 2 by Yevgeni Lazarev. Chris Evans appears as Steve Rogers / Captain America via archive footage from The First Avenger. Neal McDonough and	and	CCONJ	Toby	PROPN	 Toby
British North America attracted the United Empire Loyalists, Britons who migrated out of what they considered the " rebellious " United States, increasing the size of British communities in what was to become Canada. In 1867 there was a union of three colonies with British North America	America	PROPN	which	PRON	 which
The transition from Seljuk architecture to Ottoman architecture is most visible in Bursa, which was the capital of the Ottoman State between 1335 and 1413. Following the Ottoman conquest of Constantinople (Istanbul) in 1453, Ottoman architecture was significantly influenced by Byzantine architecture. Topkapı Palace	Palace	PROPN	in	ADP	 in
" Raymond Wean and Joseph Pistone testified against Massino, but both proved unable to conclusively link Massino with any of the murder charges. On June 3, while both men were convicted on hijacking charges they were cleared of the murder conspiracy charges. Further, the only	only	ADJ	proven	VERB	 proven
Feller was assisted by Indians second baseman Ray Mack when he made a diving play to record the final out. This is the only no hitter to be thrown on Opening Day in major league history. He followed his no hitter with a six run, three inning	inning	VERB	performance	NOUN	 performance
These pulpits were burned in July 1936. From 1915 Gaudí devoted himself almost exclusively to his magnum opus, the Sagrada Família, a synthesis of his architectural evolution. After completion of the crypt and the apse, still in Gothic style, the rest of the church	church	NOUN	is	AUX	 is
Bush played a critical role in persuading the United States government to undertake a crash program to create an atomic bomb. When the NDRC was formed, the Committee on Uranium was placed under it, reporting directly to Bush as the Uranium Committee. Bush reorganized the committee	committee	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
This raised doubts that the Thief trilogy would be completed, a situation that Salon.com writer Wagner James Au compared to Lucasfilm closing after the release of The Empire Strikes Back. However, following rumors, Eidos announced on August 9, 2000 that it had purchased the rights	rights	NOUN	to	ADP	 to
I have got some Friends to write down to Scotland, to endeavour to seize their Edition, if offered to be imported ". There were four Dublin presses used to make unauthorized copies the novel, but none of them were able to add the ornaments that could	could	AUX	effectively	ADV	 effectively
The Shunzhi Emperor was an open minded emperor and relied on the advice of Johann Adam Schall von Bell, a Jesuit missionary from Cologne in the Germanic parts of the Holy Roman Empire, for guidance on matters ranging from astronomy and technology to religion and government. In	In	ADP	late	ADJ	 late
Hall said she drew on herself only for the " fundamental emotions that are characteristic of the inverted ". Although Hall's Author's Note disclaims any real world basis for the ambulance unit that Stephen joins, she drew heavily on the wartime experiences of her friend Toupie	Toupie	PROPN	Lowther	PROPN	 Lowther
This was considered the last major step in the construction process. Controversy erupted over concessionary travel for the elderly and disabled. Originally, it was planned that concessionary travel, that is the ability of those with a Scottish National Entitlement Card to travel on public transport free	free	ADJ	of	ADP	 of
Flyers containing images of the Jane Doe and her belongings were eventually dispersed in hopes of obtaining more information. The child was entered into the National Missing and Unidentified Persons System on July 4, 2015, including details of the discovery of the subject and physical estimations.	.	PUNCT	Many	ADJ	 Many
The assailant made no attempt to escape and confessed at his trial, held before the Lord Provost the next day. Two days later he was taken from the Tolbooth to the Mercat Cross on the High Street. His right hand was cut off before he was hanged	hanged	VERB	,	PUNCT	,
Since opening in 1864, it has been a toll bridge. The income from the tolls continues to provide funds for its maintenance. The bridge is built to a design by William Henry Barlow and John Hawkshaw, based on an earlier design by Isambard Kingdom Brunel,	,	PUNCT	and	CCONJ	 and
Tom Breihan of The Village Voice called the remix " pretty great " compared to the " horrible hammering " of the original song. He criticized West's lyrics, saying he was " back to talking about girls on his verse again […] without any of	of	ADP	the	DET	 the
The squadron was commanded by Vice Admiral Ehrhard Schmidt. In July 1915, following the loss of the minelaying cruiser SMS Albatross in the Baltic, the IV Squadron ships were transferred to reinforce the German naval forces in the area. On 11 and 19 July, German	German	ADJ	cruisers	NOUN	 cruisers
Although the ending to Odd Girl Out did not veer too far from the unsatisfactory resolution formula of Spring Fire, Women's Barracks, and Radclyffe Hall's The Well of Loneliness, it examined Laura's internal struggle in the realization that despite her femininity, she was	was	AUX	deeply	ADV	 deeply
The relative importance of these factors is different in each region, and is not well understood. For instance, in India, the biggest threat seems to be habitat loss followed by poaching, while in China, the biggest threat seems to be hunting and poaching.	.	PUNCT	A	DET	 A
The Røa Line was finished on 19 November 1995, allowing all trains from the east to operate through the city center. To have sufficient metro compatible trains, six two car T2000 units were bought, and during the mid 1990s were considered to be a possible replacement	replacement	NOUN	for	ADP	 for
Sometimes construed as a relationships based song, " Watch Over Me " was written by Fanning after watching Pope John Paul II's funeral. " Down To The River " was equally slow in portions, mixed in with sections of " searing, heart rending pleading "	"	PUNCT	—	PUNCT	 —
He became known as " the artist's artist " and his much imitated style can be seen on the many strips he illustrated. Raymond worked from live models furnished by Manhattan's Walter Thornton Agency, as indicated in " Modern Jules Verne, " a profile of	of	ADP	Raymond	PROPN	 Raymond
Moving east southeast, Connie was upgraded to cyclone intensity at noon on January 27. Meanwhile, the JTWC revised the storms intensity to 160 km / h (100 mph), equivalent to a low end Category 2 hurricane on the Saffir – Simpson hurricane wind scale	scale	NOUN	(	PUNCT	 (
It was the first feature length film adaptation of Augusta Jane Evans's 1866 eponymous novel. The story follows the life of the title character (played by William Jossey), who kills his cousin (Francis McDonald) over the love of Agnes (Madeline Pardee)	)	PUNCT	,	PUNCT	,
First year revenue was estimated at $30,000. The application was approved by the Federal Communications Commission (FCC) on October 10, 1956. The new station was given the call sign WBBI during the first week of November 1956. On December 10, 1956,	,	PUNCT	WBBI	PROPN	 WBBI
While the Game Gear's library consisted of over 300 titles, however, the Game Boy's library contained over 1000 individual games. Several Game Gear titles were released on the Nintendo 3DS's Virtual Console service on the Nintendo eShop. The emulator for the Virtual Console	Console	PROPN	releases	NOUN	 releases
The next scenes were the El Rancho nightclub scenes and the scene in which Susan attempts suicide. Welles later said that the nightclub set was available after another film had wrapped and that filming took 10 to 12 days to complete. For these scenes Welles had Comingore's	's	PART	throat	NOUN	 throat
Sleep disorders and ADHD commonly co exist. They can also occur as a side effect of medications used to treat ADHD. In children with ADHD, insomnia is the most common sleep disorder with behavioral therapy the preferred treatment. Problems with sleep initiation are common among individuals	individuals	NOUN	with	ADP	 with
It also ordered the creation of a board to inquire into the various designs proposed for armored ships. The Union Navy advertised for proposals for " iron clad steam vessels of war " on 7 August and Welles appointed three senior officers as the Ironclad Board the following day	day	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
Several months after retiring, Roberts was put in touch with Dr. Michael Leahy, a chiropractor from Colorado, whose " active release technique " of physiotherapy led to an immediate improvement in his mobility. Determined to try and resume his career, Roberts then spent most of	of	ADP	the	DET	 the
This is a modified version of the mode from Star Fox 64 / Lylat Wars. Nintendo WiFi uses a ranking system based on rankings of the alphabet with Z being the lowest and A being the highest. Players work their way up from Z by collecting wins (	(	PUNCT	it	PRON	it
The following year, 2001 was appointed by a United States Department of State committee to be the American entry at the 6th Moscow International Film Festival. The film was re released in 1974, 1977, and again in 1980. Once 2001, the film's timeset	timeset	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
On 7 November it was announced that Aphromoo and Brian " TrickZ " Ahn would temporarily fill CLG's vacancies for the upcoming Intel Extreme Masters Season VIII Cologne. CLG took fourth at the event, falling in the semifinals to Fnatic. The organization announced that TrickZ would	would	AUX	not	PART	 not
Other British Birds rarities that have been sighted (single records unless otherwise indicated) are: Little bittern, glossy ibis, gyrfalcon (3 records), little and Baillon's crakes, collared pratincole, semipalmated (5 records), least (2 records),	,	PUNCT	white	PROPN	 white
For the 1971 centennial of British Columbia, Charlie and thirteen other carvers were commissioned to carve totems presented to each of the other nine provinces, two territories, and the federal government. Internationally collected and displayed, he had already been awarded the Canadian Centennial Medal.	.	PUNCT	The	DET	 The
They took up positions at Bulim, east of the airfield; shortly afterwards they were joined by 7 Platoon, from ‘ B ’ Company, which had been detached from the Causeway sector. The remnants of the 22nd, numbering around only 500 men from its original	original	ADJ	2,500	NUM	 2,500
The Samba sold reasonably well throughout 1982 and 1983, after which sales began to suffer, partly because of the model's aging and partly because of competition from the very popular Peugeot 205, which created powerful (and successful) internal competition within PSA for the little	little	ADJ	Talbot	PROPN	 Talbot
The appointment of Arsène Wenger as Arsenal manager in September 1996 marked a turning point in Bergkamp's career. Wenger, who had moderate success coaching in France and Japan, recognised Bergkamp's talent and wanted to use him as a fulcrum of the team's forward play	play	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
Many will say turn away — ​ ​ away from this man, for he is not a man but a demon, a monster, a subverter and an enemy of the black man — ​ ​ and we will smile. They will say that he is of	of	ADP	hate	NOUN	 hate
On July 21, 1963, he was hospitalized after a severe attack of breathlessness. Doctors found that he was suffering from pulmonary edema, where fluid accumulates in the lungs due to an inability of the heart to pump properly. They also declared his blood pressure as	as	ADP	dangerously	ADV	 dangerously
There is updated wireless communication and support for six displays. Reviews have been generally positive, with caveats. Apple stated that an Intel based replacement for the PowerPC based Power Mac G5 machines had been expected for some time before the Mac Pro was formally announced on August	August	PROPN	7	NUM	 7
On their return in the 1905 – 06 season they became the first team to win the Second and First Division in successive seasons. They also reached the semi final of the FA Cup, where they faced Everton and lost 2 – 0. Houlding died in 1902	1902	NUM	,	PUNCT	,
After some months on public display, Lambert grew tired of exhibiting himself, and in September 1806, he returned, wealthy, to Leicester, where he bred sporting dogs and regularly attended sporting events. Between 1806 and 1809, he made a further series of short	short	ADJ	fundraising	NOUN	 fundraising
" I Love You (Miss Robot) " is the album's fourth track, that Downes said it talks about " being on the road and making love to someone you don't really like, while all the time you're wanting to phone someone who's	's	AUX	a	DET	 a
The highest court in the judicial system is the Federal Court, followed by the Court of Appeal and two high courts, one for Peninsular Malaysia and one for East Malaysia. Malaysia also has a special court to hear cases brought by or against royalty. The death	death	NOUN	penalty	NOUN	 penalty
The waitresses that come to the office were supposed to be unattractive. Daniels stated that the actresses they hired for the role were " too good looking ". During filming, John Krasinski threw a shrimp across the table at Rainn Wilson. It bounced off Dwight's	's	PART	glasses	NOUN	 glasses
Among those who attended one of these later performances was Tchaikovsky, who wrote to his benefactor, Nadezhda von Meck: " Carmen is a masterpiece in every sense of the word... one of those rare creations which expresses the efforts of a whole musical epoch ".	.	PUNCT	After	ADP	 After
Conversely, Maple noted that his research indicated that attitudes toward Murrell varied within the local community. Although many individuals, particularly among the poor, viewed him as a valuable member of the community, others – particularly among the wealthier strata of society – deemed him to	to	PART	be	AUX	 be
Surveying kept him busy for the next few years but in early 1859, he accompanied Ferdinand von Hochstetter, who had been invited by the government to make a report on a coalfield discovered south of Auckland. The two became friendly and Hochstetter was impressed with Heaphy's	's	PART	bush	PROPN	 bush
The NHL's first quarter century saw the league compete against two rival major leagues, the Pacific Coast Hockey Association and Western Canada Hockey League, for players and the Stanley Cup. The NHL first expanded into the United States in 1924 with the founding of the Boston	Boston	PROPN	Bruins	PROPN	 Bruins
" After working on every film since Prisoner of Azkaban, Double Negative was asked to provide visual effects for the final instalments of the story, in Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows – Parts 1 and 2. Working closely with the film's VFX Supervisor, Tim	Tim	PROPN	Burke	PROPN	 Burke
Erie is also served by several AM and FM radio stations based in the city, and dozens of other stations are received from elsewhere. Erie plays host to a number of semi pro and professional sports teams. The Erie SeaWolves play AA baseball in the Eastern League	League	PROPN	as	ADP	 as
Zack Handlen reviewed the episode for The A.V. Club, saying that while it was an improvement on earlier episodes he had reservations about the use of Wesley Crusher. He called the " thoughts made flesh concept " a " cliche ", but was " gratified to see	see	VERB	the	DET	 the
But I take nothing from them … They're all that way on the Celtics, and you can't teach it. " On July 9, 1968, the Lakers made a trade which brought reigning NBA Most Valuable Player Wilt Chamberlain of the Philadelphia 76ers to Los	Los	PROPN	Angeles	PROPN	 Angeles
For we could enjoy mania if we were permitted by the others around us... A manic person permitted to think ten thousand miles a minute is happy and harmless and could, if encouraged and given time, perhaps be productive as well. Ah, but depression –	–	PUNCT	that	PRON	 that
Brome bought two properties in 1324, Tackley's Hall, on the south side of the High Street and Perilous Hall, on the north side of Broad Street, and as an investment he also purchased the advowson of a church in Aberford. Brome's foundation was	was	AUX	confirmed	VERB	 confirmed
Two of the six inch guns were shipped across the river to Cliffe Fort in 1914 and the QF guns on the roof were withdrawn. An anti aircraft battery was established to the north west of the fort for defence against Zeppelins and enemy bombers. Following the end	end	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
It has been designated a National Historic Landmark and is listed on the National Register of Historic Places. Construction of the oldest portions of the house known as Arrowhead took place in the 1780s. Built by Captain David Bush, the wood frame and clapboard house was apparently	apparently	ADV	used	VERB	 used
After this, the ratings decreased gradually until " Manhunt ", watched by 8.9 million and receiving the lowest ratings for a first run broadcast of a Next Generation episode. " Shades of Grey " closed the season on July 17, 1989, watched by 9.8 million	million	NUM	viewers	NOUN	 viewers
As a consequence, snow had to be transported from other parts of the mountains by the Italian army. The Misurina rink (La pista di Misurina) was the location of the speed skating events. This was the last time that speed skating at the Olympics was	was	AUX	held	VERB	 held
By early October 2012, 40 percent of the film was completed, consisting mostly of the first half. Shruti Haasan joined the film's sets on 24 January 2013. After a short break, filming recommenced on 5 March 2013, and by the end of the	the	DET	month	NOUN	 month
In his first term in the West Virginia Senate, Flournoy served as chairman of the Judiciary Committee, and in his second term he served as chairman of the Committee on Counties and Municipal Corporations. Throughout his two terms, Flournoy served on the committees of Privileges and	and	CCONJ	Elections	PROPN	 Elections
Haydock commented that Joan possesses a quick wit which she uses against the unrelenting accusatory questions provided by her " intellectual superiors " during the trial. Joan also manages to triumph in battle where those with more experience and knowledge could not, made especially apparent by her use	use	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
The plan includes numerous crossings of Interstate 35E for pedestrian and bicyclist safety. In March 2012, the Park Board began reviewing a new master plan to address the next ten years of park development in the city. Since 1963, the City of Lewisville has operated as	as	ADP	a	DET	 a
It was estimated that a Fabian equivalence in 2014 would cause about US $650 million in damage. Some insurance companies decided to treat Fay and Gonzalo as a single event, allowing one deductible to count toward claims from both storms. After initial assessments, Premier Dunkley	Dunkley	PROPN	reported	VERB	 reported
While Reich was in Arizona in May 1956, one of his associates sent an accumulator part through the mail to another state, in violation of the injunction, after an FDA inspector posing as a customer requested it. Reich and another associate, Dr. Michael Silvert,	,	PUNCT	were	AUX	 were
When the railways were nationalised in 1948, services at Clifton Down came under the aegis of the Western Region of British Railways, and there remained a strong staff presence in 1958, with a station master, chief booking clerk, four other clerks, six porters,	,	PUNCT	a	DET	 a
Hatchlings measure 1 to 2 mm in shell length, and yearlings average around 10 mm. Measurements of all Novisuccinea chittenangoensis in 2002 ranged from 7 to 23 mm. The base color of the living animal is very pale subtranslucent yellow. The mantle, kidney, and	and	CCONJ	hepatopancreas	NOUN	 hepatopancreas
H. pylori's helical shape (from which the genus name is derived) is thought to have evolved to penetrate the mucoid lining of the stomach. Up to 85% of people infected with H. pylori never experience symptoms or complications. Acute infection may appear as an	an	DET	acute	ADJ	 acute
The mural was the first time he used a bricklayer's trowel in his work, a tool introduced to him by Adger Cowans. The Apple Birds and The Return of the Apple Birds, from 1983, show his dramatic use of the trowel. The paintings were	were	AUX	inspired	VERB	 inspired
It later absorbed the competing afternoon paper The Spokane Daily Chronicle, a significant newspaper historically that existed from 1890 until the merger in 1982. More specialized publications include the weekly alternative newspaper The Pacific Northwest Inlander, the bi weekly business journal The Spokane Journal of Business,	,	PUNCT	the	DET	 the
It is endemic to the dry deciduous forest, arid thorn forest, and scrubby woodland of Mexico ’ s Pacific coast. The flycatcher is an olive to gray brown bird with a streaked, pale gray chest, white throat, black bill, dark gray feet,	,	PUNCT	and	CCONJ	 and
Although Chamberlain racked up some of the most impressive statistics in the history of Northern American professional sports, because he won " just " two NBA championships and lost seven out of eight playoff series against the Celtics teams of his on court nemesis Bill Russell, Chamberlain was	was	AUX	often	ADV	 often
Britain opposed communist encroachment into southern Africa, but knew it would become an international pariah if it publicly opposed general consensus at the UN, which roundly condemned colonialism in all forms and supported communist backed insurgencies across the region, regarding them as racial liberation movements. It	It	PRON	therefore	ADV	 therefore
Rögnvaldr Guðrøðarson was slain in 1229, whereupon Óláfr took up the kingship. In 1231, Óláfr co ruled a split kingdom with Rögnvaldr Guðrøðarson's son aforesaid son, Guðrøðr Rögnvaldsson. On the latter's death in the same year, Óláfr ruled the entire kingdom until	until	ADP	his	PRON	 his
The biodiversity of the Adriatic is relatively high, and several marine protected areas have been established by countries along its coasts. In Italy, these are Miramare in the Gulf of Trieste (in the Northern Adriatic), Torre del Cerrano and Isole Tremiti in the Middle	Middle	PROPN	Adriatic	PROPN	 Adriatic
It was pretty awesome. This weekend we had a big party, a big YMCMB party, and Drake was performing and we were all up on the stage and Wayne got up there and he announced it himself. And so I was kind of surprised and I	I	PRON	was	AUX	 was
A number of fines were subsequently imposed on taxpayers for evading payment, suggesting that the 1198 tax was not very successful. According to the late 12th century chronicler Roger of Howden, the main source for information on the 1198 carucage, assessments were carried out in county	county	NOUN	by	ADP	 by
In Constantinople, Belisarius was given the honour of celebrating a triumph — the first to be celebrated in Constantinople since its foundation and the first granted to a private citizen in over five and a half centuries — and described by Procopius: Gelimer was given an ample estate	estate	NOUN	in	ADP	 in
Ryder had hoped to be a fashion designer, undertaking a course at Central Saint Martins which he did not complete; from there he worked in retail, first for Prowler and then for the designer Vivienne Westwood. Subsequently appearing in gay pornography as a twink bottom for	for	ADP	production	NOUN	 production
" The music of Pretty on the Inside is most often noted for its extreme abrasiveness, and for its sophisticated use of melody buried under arrangements. The album's sonic elements are heavily influenced by Los Angeles hardcore punk as well as New York's no wave scene	scene	NOUN	;	PUNCT	;
A female named Ste Shihu was brought later that same year from Estonia by the same owner, and the two produced Finland's first Russian Toy litter (Jojamint's Agostini and Jojamint's Alboreto) also in 1988. Black Champion Bonaparte and Ste Shihu were the first	first	ADJ	Russian	ADJ	 Russian
On February 13, 2003, the game was re released in Japan as part of PlayStation2 the Best. CyberFront released a PC version for Windows on November 30, 2001 in Japan. Announced during an August 2001 convention at Space World, Game Boy Advance version Guilty	Guilty	PROPN	Gear	PROPN	 Gear
The orchestra was seen by some as " a bolshie lot " and " grumpy ", but its relations with Bělohlávek were harmonious. Under Bělohlávek the orchestra won glowing reviews: The Times referred to its " superb musicians ", Michael Kennedy in The Sunday Telegraph referred	referred	VERB	to	ADP	 to
O'Dea scored his first goal for Toronto on 3 July 2013 in a 3 – 3 home draw with Canadian rivals Montreal Impact. Because of his " keen sense of positioning and timing " against Sporting Kansas City, he was named to the Team of the Week for	for	ADP	12	NUM	 12
With the change in devotees, the mode of worship and festivals has changed from that of Hindu orientation to one that accommodates Buddhist rituals and theology. It is difficult to reconstruct the factual history of the place and the reason for its popularity amongst Sri Lankans and Indians	Indians	PROPN	based	VERB	 based
HV troops hijacked an UNCRO armoured personnel carrier and a Land Rover to precede HV tanks that were moving west along the A3 motorway. On 3 May, the Argentinean battalion of UNCRO facilitated the surrender of 600 ARSK troops near Pakrac, following an agreement reached between Croatia	Croatia	PROPN	and	CCONJ	 and
He had started the project of composing one cantata for each Sunday and holiday of the liturgical year, termed by Christoph Wolff " an artistic undertaking on the largest scale ". In 1724 he started a project on the first Sunday after Trinity to exclusively compose chorale cantatas	cantatas	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
Arafat continued negotiations with Netanyahu's successor, Ehud Barak, at the Camp David 2000 Summit in July 2000. Due partly to his own politics (Barak was from the leftist Labor Party, whereas Netanyahu was from the rightist Likud Party) and partly due to insistence	insistence	NOUN	for	ADP	 for
This loosening of thinking (Lockerung des Denkens) seems to me to be the greatest blessing which modern science has given to us. For the belief in a single truth and in being the possessor thereof is the root cause of all evil in the world. In	In	ADP	retirement	NOUN	 retirement
Her armament, as built, consisted of two bow torpedo tubes with a supply of three torpedoes, but was supplemented with a deck gun in 1915. The boat was commissioned into the Austro Hungarian Navy in September 1909, and served as a training boat — sometimes	sometimes	ADV	making	VERB	 making
It ’ s like a Mark Rothko painting hitting you over the head with a bag of hammers. " The 2012 Southern Lord Records re issue was also praised. On Metacritic, it has a score of 94 out of 100, based on 9 reviews. Exclaim	Exclaim	PROPN	!	PUNCT	!
In 1957 Raw was posted to the Joint Planning staff. During 1958 he and Dorothy divorced; Raw subsequently married Helen Dorothy Hammond on 21 June that year at St Margaret's Presbyterian Church in Balaclava. This marriage produced another daughter and a son. In December 1960	1960	NUM	Raw	PROPN	 Raw
It was released as the last Sonic game for a Sega console after the company decided to leave the console hardware business. A port for the Nintendo GameCube, Sonic Adventure 2 Battle, was first released in Japan in December 2001, with new content. The game	game	NOUN	was	AUX	 was
Borden then began making plans to market ReaLemon in a lemon shaped package that was similar to Jif's packaging. This resulted in a lawsuit initiated by Reckitt & Coleman against Borden, based upon the notion that ReaLemon was attempting to copy Jif's packaging in attempts to	to	PART	mislead	VERB	 mislead
Geoffrey Chaucer's Hodge of Ware, the London cook from the Canterbury Tales, is described as a sleazy purveyor of unpalatable food. French cardinal Jacques de Vitry's sermons from the early 13th century describe sellers of cooked meat as an outright health hazard. While the	the	DET	necessity	NOUN	 necessity
A group of six women nominated by the crowd were escorted into the king's apartment, where they told him of the crowd's privations. The king responded sympathetically, and using all his charm impressed the women to the point that one of them fainted at his	his	PRON	feet	NOUN	 feet
Flying embers started a fire in Southwark but it was quickly stopped. The fire's spread to the north reached the financial heart of the City. The houses of the bankers in Lombard Street began to burn on Monday afternoon, prompting a rush to get their stacks	stacks	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
Much of Japan saw rains from the storm, though no significant damage or loss of life took place in the country. On August 23, 1981, following several days of tranquil weather, a Tropical Upper Tropospheric Trough (TUTT) began building westward from the International	International	PROPN	Dateline	PROPN	 Dateline
After the election William Davin complained of " the unfounded allegations and the slanderous and libellous statements made against members of this {sic Labour} Party "... " had the audacity to charge members of this Party, during the recent election campaign, with having condoned the	the	DET	sinking	NOUN	 sinking
Putin brought public attention to the issue and put it before the State Council. CNN also reported that members of the Spartak Moscow football club complained that the wordless anthem " affected their morale and performance ". Two years earlier, during the 1998 World Cup, members	members	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
In just four years it more than doubled again, hitting $8.5 million in 1980 (a constant dollar increase of about 25 percent). Even as the U.S. inflation rate eased, the average expense of moviemaking would continue to soar. With the majors now routinely	routinely	ADV	saturation	NOUN	 saturation
An inset stairway climbed outside of the retaining wall of Group C and accessed the East Plaza between the high status residence and a platform to its east. The West Plaza is located behind Platform C2 and is enclosed to the north by three platforms (C9, C10	C10	PROPN	and	CCONJ	 and
After discovering that Mr. Brockway initially was unwilling because he thought Darrin was married to an African American woman, Larry rejects Mr. Brockway's offer. Mr. Brockway expresses disbelief that anyone would reject such a lucrative account. Through witchcraft, Samantha causes Mr. Brockway to see everyone	everyone	PRON	in	ADP	 in
Class III stones are thought to overlap chronologically with Class II stones. Most are elaborately shaped and incised cross slabs, some with figurative scenes, but lacking idiomatic Pictish symbols. They are widely distributed but predominate in the southern Pictish areas. Items of metalwork have been	been	AUX	found	VERB	 found
The following day, September 30, he broke it with his 60th homer, in the eighth inning off Tom Zachary to break a 2 – 2 tie. " Sixty! Let's see some son of a bitch try to top that one ", Ruth exulted	exulted	VERB	after	ADP	 after
Time called the film " the prettiest bloodbath of 2008 ", and Farrell received his first Golden Globe. Shortly thereafter he appeared in Kicking It, a documentary following six homeless men from Kenya, Russia, Afghanistan, Ireland, Spain and the US as they attempt	attempt	VERB	to	PART	 to
(Intensity is measured by minimum central pressure, which correlates with but is not directly linked to wind speeds). John was also only the fourth Category 5 hurricane recorded in the central Pacific (the first was Hurricane Patsy in 1959, the second was Hurricane Emilia	Emilia	PROPN	and	CCONJ	 and
The A 10 is designed to be refueled, rearmed, and serviced with minimal equipment. Its simple design enables maintenance at forward bases with limited facilities. Also, most repairs can be done in the field. An unusual feature is that many of the aircraft's	's	PART	parts	NOUN	 parts
However, Total Video Games called the game's presentation " far from optimal " even at the recommended system requirements. Reviewer Noel Brady pointed out " a serious lack of detail " and blockiness, especially without a graphics card. He was critical of the AI,	,	PUNCT	declaring	VERB	 declaring
He made his Football League debut as an 87th minute substitute in a 1 – 0 victory against Peterborough United on 23 August 2008. He scored four minutes into his first start for Scunthorpe against Brighton & Hove Albion on 6 September 2008, giving his side the lead	lead	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
As Kann was interested in language, and had specific ideas of how to spell certain words, they used consistently correct grammar, while consistently using non standard spelling for words such as " sig " (" oneself ") and " dem " (" them "	"	PUNCT	)	PUNCT	)
Several other formations were also created but were mostly eroded away following two major periods of uplift. The Laramide orogeny affected the entire western part of what would become North America starting about 70 million to 50 million years ago. This event helped to build the Rocky Mountains	Mountains	PROPN	and	CCONJ	 and
The trident was his primary weapon in such situations, and its length allowed the retiarius to keep his opponent at bay. He held the weapon two handed, left nearer the prongs, so that he could parry his enemy's strikes with its shaft and strike with	with	ADP	both	DET	 both
They encouraged their son's interest in music, buying him a Broadwood piano, on which his mother gave him lessons. The young Wood also learned to play the violin and viola. Wood received little religious inspiration at St Sepulchre, but was deeply stirred by the	the	DET	playing	NOUN	 playing
Other parts of the film to be shot in Los Angeles, California included store interiors, and the warehouse fight scene between Howard and the criminal Santas, for which a Pasadena furniture warehouse was used. Turbo Man was created and designed for the film. This meant	meant	VERB	the	DET	 the
In a 2006 survey conducted by The Guardian, Peterloo came second to St. Mary's Church, Putney, the venue for the Putney Debates, as the event from radical British history that most deserved a proper monument. A Peterloo Massacre Memorial Campaign was set up to	to	PART	lobby	VERB	 lobby
One of his first moves was to open the stacks to students. That solved one problem, but the real difficulty was the lack of space. The library contained 35,000 volumes at that point, many of them stored in cardboard boxes for lack of shelf room.	.	PUNCT	After	ADP	 After
Armor was provided around the cockpit and a bulletproof windscreen was incorporated. Fuel capacity was initially 1,250 l (275 Imp. gal.) internally and 800 l (176 Imp. gal.) in the wings. Armament was planned to include four 20 mm cannon	cannon	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
A letter dispatched to Sparta by Hippocrates, vice admiral under Mindarus, was intercepted and taken to Athens; it ran as follows: " The ships are lost. Mindarus is dead. The men are starving. We know not what to do ". A short	short	ADJ	time	NOUN	 time
On 23 November, 2 503 and 4 503 were ordered to renew their assault while the 1st Battalion, 12th Infantry assaulted 875 from the south. This time the Americans gained the crest, but the North Vietnamese had already abandoned their positions, leaving only a few	few	ADJ	dozen	NOUN	 dozen
In thirty days you won't hear anything about it. " The future Secretary of State and Supreme Court justice responded: " In my opinion in thirty days you won't hear of anything else. " On the third day of the Democratic convention, former Nebraska	Nebraska	PROPN	representative	NOUN	 representative
As of 13 May 2016 Note: Flags indicate national team as defined under FIFA eligibility rules. Players may hold more than one non FIFA nationality. See Category: F.C. United of Manchester players to see a list of notable F.C. United players, past and present.	.	PUNCT	F.C.	PROPN	 F.C.
After seven hours of fighting, the Moroccan artillery suffered severe damage, and the French bombarded the city through the night, damaging the city's infrastructure and the Great Mosque of Salé. French losses were minimal, with only four dead and 18 wounded. Between 18	18	NUM	and	CCONJ	 and
Quasi medical staff, like repatriation teams, were no longer permitted on hospital ships. Ambulance drivers had to transfer from the regular Army to the Australian Army Medical Corps before they were allowed aboard, although they were still permitted to carry their unloaded weapons and ammunition.	.	PUNCT	After	SCONJ	 After
50: 50 was eliminated at the end of the show's sixth syndicated season, only to be restored in season fourteen. Phone a Friend was removed on the episode aired January 11, 2010, after it was determined that there was an increasing trend of contestants	contestants	NOUN	'	PART	 '
This would have meant that the Egyptians could have been stopped before they arrived at the town. As part of their defence plan the villages sent all the women and children to the mountains before improving the fortifications. As the Egyptians arrived at the walls, the Maniots	Maniots	PROPN	sallied	VERB	 sallied
This sudden change in growth rate may indicate physical maturity, a hypothesis which is supported by the discovery of medullary tissue in the femur of an 18 year old T. rex from Montana (MOR 1125, also known as " B rex "). Medullary tissue is	is	AUX	found	VERB	 found
The Spurs first defeated Phoenix 4 – 1 in the Conference Finals, before prevailing in a very defensive oriented seven game series against the Detroit Pistons. Ginóbili recorded career highs in his playoff numbers, most notably 20.8 ppg and 5.8 rpg, and had the third highest	highest	ADJ	point	NOUN	 point
A frequent Murphy talking point was that Tedisco's primary residence was not in the Congressional district. The race was so close that one early vote count had the candidates tied at 77,225 votes each. Absentee ballots decided the election; ballots were accepted until April 13.	.	PUNCT	While	SCONJ	 While
Producer Koichi Nakamura stated the game was directly inspired by Rogue, looking to make a " more understandable, more easy to play version " of the title. The developers had developed ways to reduce the difficulty of the roguelike by using progressively more difficult dungeons that were	were	AUX	randomly	ADV	 randomly
Bands of thunderstorms can form with sea breeze and land breeze boundaries, if enough moisture is present. If sea breeze rainbands become active enough just ahead of a cold front, they can mask the location of the cold front itself. Banding within the comma head precipitation	precipitation	NOUN	pattern	NOUN	 pattern
Higgins defeated Hendry 5 – 2 in a low quality match in which Higgins won the first three frames with a high break of 30. Hendry won the next two with breaks of 66 and 58, but Higgins closed the match with breaks of 85 and 79.	.	PUNCT	Higgins	PROPN	 Higgins
Jumping spiders generally have large forelegs and short, powerful back legs, and can leap up to 50 times their own length by powerfully extending the third or fourth pairs of legs.: 578: 495 In spiders and other chelicerates, there is only one pair of	of	ADP	appendages	NOUN	 appendages
Chakrapani chose P. Susheela to sing the remaining two songs featuring Jamuna, after being impressed with her rendition of the song " Anuragam Virisena " in the film Kanna Talli (1953). Although she had recorded for Donga Ramudu (1955) first, Missamma released earlier	earlier	ADV	and	CCONJ	 and
Mona decorated the living room in an Oriental style, which reflected her own upbringing in India. She had previously tried to interest her husband in other houses, including a Formby lighthouse, a windmill in St. Helens and a circular house in Southport, which John disliked	disliked	VERB	and	CCONJ	 and
Alpha Phi Alpha is not a member of the IFC, but is a member of the National Pan Hellenic Council. Lambda Upsilon Lambda is also not a member of the IFC, but is a member of the National Association of Latino Fraternal Organizations. The Theta Zeta	Zeta	PROPN	chapter	NOUN	 chapter
Not long after the " Friday " video went viral on YouTube, Black and her mother, Georgina Kelly, got into legal issues with Ark Music over rights to the song. In a March 29, 2011 letter from Kelly's lawyer to Ark Music, it	it	PRON	was	AUX	 was
However, the 8 April 2014 US contemporary hit radio (CHR) scheduled release of " Glory and Gore " was cancelled, and " Tennis Court " eventually impacted US CHR on 22 April 2014. In a review of Pure Heroine, Larry Day from The 405	405	NUM	called	VERB	 called
An autopsy completed on July 15 indicated that he died of alcohol and heroin overdose. On July 20, 2013, Ryan Murphy said in various media outlets that Cory would have a tribute in season five's third episode, which would deal with the death of Monteith	Monteith	PROPN	's	PART	's
The 8th Regiment of the CDK was nearly destroyed in August by the 7th Montenegro Youth Brigade " Budo Tomović " during Operation Rübezahl. The CDK suffered heavy losses in fighting, and the Germans ordered its re formation on 21 September 1944. Đurišić and his forces conducted	conducted	VERB	reprisals	NOUN	 reprisals
Secondly, it was the first decision to state that Rylands may be a sub set of nuisance, and as such applied the same requirement of foreseeability of harm to nuisance, where previously such a requirement had not existed. Academic Tom Clearwater criticises some of the language	language	NOUN	Lord	PROPN	 Lord
By the end of the week " DNA " entered the UK Singles Chart at number three on 24 November 2012 with sales of 72,044 copies, behind " Locked Out of Heaven " at number two (75,880 copies) and One Direction's " Little Things " at	at	ADP	number	NOUN	 number
The route was then to continue east under Fleet Street to Ludgate Circus for an interchange with the South Eastern and Chatham Railway's (SECR's) Ludgate Hill station, then south under New Bridge Street, and east into Queen Victoria Street where a station was planned	planned	VERB	to	PART	 to
The local people have traditionally utilized material from the forest, whether for use in their architecture, to make pirogues (dugout canoes), to provide fiber for weaving, to provide firewood, to gather leaves for traditional medicine, or to flavor their drinks. Most	Most	ADJ	of	ADP	 of
They had two sons, Matthias (known as " Max ") and Evelyn (" Thorley "). Mary von Holst was absorbed in theosophy and not greatly interested in domestic matters. All four of Adolph's sons were subject to what one biographer calls "	"	PUNCT	benign	ADJ	 benign
Class 67 was a series of 18 units built from 1953 to 1955. They had a slightly more advanced technological system, but were otherwise often run mixed with Class 65 units. The Class 65 motor cars had a power output of 464 kilowatts (622 hp)	)	PUNCT	and	CCONJ	 and
In Davis ' view, remaining static stylistically was the wrong option. " So What " or Kind of Blue, they were done in that era, the right hour, the right day, and it happened. It's over [...]. What I	I	PRON	used	VERB	 used
" Blink " was written by Steven Moffat. Part of the story for " Blink " is based on Moffat's own Ninth Doctor short story from the Doctor Who Annual 2006 called " ' What I Did on My Christmas Holidays ' by Sally Sparrow ". The	The	DET	short	ADJ	 short
He testifies about a large loan he made to Faulkner. In his cross examination, defense attorney Stevens suggests the loan was used to buy Faulkner's marriage to Whitfield's daughter. After this testimony, the prosecution rests and the defense argument begins. A handwriting expert	expert	NOUN	testifies	VERB	 testifies
He may have finished a few positions higher if he had stayed with the Gilbert group, but he almost certainly would have had no chance for victory against the fast finisher Gilbert; thus, the solo attack was the correct move in his eyes, since his only	only	ADJ	ambition	NOUN	 ambition
He was the first American player to score 500 goals and to reach 1,000 points in his career. Mullen received the Lester Patrick Trophy in 1995 in recognition of his contributions to the sport in the United States. He was inducted into the United States Hockey Hall of	of	ADP	Fame	PROPN	 Fame
Both groups were nominated for the Best Metal Performance in the 1992 Grammy Awards, with Nine Inch Nails winning. Two years later, Nine Inch Nails released The Downward Spiral, which debuted at No. 2, and would eventually go quadruple platinum. This record is	is	AUX	considered	VERB	 considered
We're not retreating, we're just advancing in a different direction. " For the breakout, the Marines formed into a convoy with a single M4A3 Sherman tank as the lead. The plan was to have 3rd Battalion, 5th Marines (3 / 5)	)	PUNCT	as	ADP	 as
In the late 1970s, the color controversy went in the opposite direction within the Appaloosa registry. The ApHC's decision in 1982 to allow solid colored or " non characteristic " Appaloosas to be registered resulted in substantial debate within the Appaloosa breeding community. Until then,	,	PUNCT	a	DET	 a
The articles caused considerable controversy and prompted the Minister for Air, Arthur Drakeford, to make a formal response in Federal Parliament, labelling Bostock's allegations " malicious and unjustified ". Bostock was decorated twice in 1948 for his war service, in March with the Distinguished	Distinguished	PROPN	Service	PROPN	 Service
Strong waves ran through the foundation of two stilted homes, both of which were later reinforced to compensate for the lost sand. Bonnie passed just offshore of southeast Virginia, lashing the region with heavy rain and high winds. Sustained winds reached 81 mph (130 km	km	NOUN	/	SYM	 /
He would remain at Harvard for the rest of his career, becoming a professor in 1946, and Sturgis Hooper Professor of Geology in 1949, and professor emeritus in 1974. Professor Birch published over 100 papers. In 1947, he adapted the isothermal Murnaghan equation of	of	ADP	state	NOUN	 state
The oil fuel supply installation and naval communications station at HMAS Coonawarra were also damaged. The initial RAN relief which was limited to search and rescue in the area of Darwin Harbour and Melville Island, which was hindered by the lack of reliable communications. As the severity	severity	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
In the 2001 FA Cup Final he provided the assist for Michael Owen to score the deciding goal against Arsenal. He appeared in the 2001 FA Charity Shield, coming on as a substitute as Liverpool won the competition. He then underwent knee surgery in August 2001,	,	PUNCT	ruling	VERB	 ruling
True's design scheme incorporated motifs of the Navajo and Pueblo tribes of the region. Although some initially were opposed to these designs, True was given the go ahead and was officially appointed consulting artist. With the assistance of the National Laboratory of Anthropology, True researched	researched	VERB	authentic	ADJ	 authentic
The performance of the song at the November 19 – 20, 2012 shows in Miami, at the American Airlines Arena, were recorded and released in Madonna's fourth live album, MDNA World Tour. On January 26, 2014, Madonna performed " Open Your Heart	Heart	NOUN	"	PUNCT	 "
During a game at The Armory in Albany, New York, Javie was chased down a staircase by then Albany Patroons coach Phil Jackson, who had received a technical foul. He worked CBA games for five years before being hired by the NBA in 1986. Upon	Upon	SCONJ	arriving	VERB	 arriving
The cisterns would then be transported to the desired location. This was not the first water system of its type in Montreal as there had been one in private ownership since 1801. In the middle of the 19th century water distribution was carried out by “ fontainiers.	.	PUNCT	”	PUNCT	 ”
As of 2010, the radar dome is still fully functional and is used by the FAA as an auxiliary radar to the tower at Wilkes Barre / Scranton International Airport. On October 12, 1969, the Glens Natural Area and its waterfalls was named a National Natural	Natural	PROPN	Landmark	PROPN	 Landmark
He was drafted with the number 1 pick in the 1994 AFL Draft — the first Dandenong player to be drafted with the highest pick. Travis Johnstone — who was White's team mate at Melbourne for 10 years — is the only other Dandenong player to be selected	selected	VERB	with	ADP	 with
Dale later has a private conversation with Lori, wherein he shares his suspicions that Shane sacrificed Otis to the walkers. He warns Lori that Shane may end up killing someone else. As Beth's condition deteriorates, Lori asks Daryl (Norman Reedus) to drive into	into	ADP	town	NOUN	 town
On his return to Scotland in 1815, Balfour married Lady Eleanor Maitland (1790 – 1869), daughter of the Tory politician James Maitland, 8th Earl of Lauderdale. They had five children, one of whom died in a fire in infancy. Within two years	years	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
The boys were named Almonock and Montezuma, after two local Indian chiefs. His ten year old daughter and his nine year old son were tutored by the couple Mary E. Rigby and Joseph Flinton. Cooley was appointed as an appraiser of property and slaves for Union Bank	Bank	PROPN	of	ADP	 of
In 1966, the major leagues moved to the " Deep South " when the Braves moved to Atlanta. In 1968, the Kansas City Athletics moved west to become the Oakland Athletics. In 1969, the American and National Leagues both added two expansion franchises. The	The	DET	American	PROPN	 American
Mulder gives one of the implants to Scully, who has it reviewed by a ballistics expert; they find a microscopic barcode imprinted on it. Later, at a supermarket, Scully swipes the implant across a checkout scanner, causing the machine to malfunction while displaying a	a	DET	strange	ADJ	 strange
Endrst, however, praised the performances of Braugher, Belzer, Polito and Secor in particular. Time reviewer Richard Zoglin said the episode had a strong cast and that he appreciated the lack of two dimensional violence, but said, " the characters are too pat,	,	PUNCT	their	PRON	 their
The Soviets divulged that they were ready to play in a series between its national team and Canadian professionals. After the meetings, Canadian ambassador Robert Ford passed the matter to Ottawa to negotiate a series and Hockey Canada was given the task to nail down the terms for	for	ADP	a	DET	 a
Murray joined the Folklore Society in February 1927, and was elected to the society's council a month later, although stood down in 1929. Murray reiterated her witch cult theory in her 1933 book, The God of the Witches, which was aimed at a wider	wider	ADJ	,	PUNCT	,
Basically it was that with our limited effort we had to concentrate on the most urgent problem, and thus on catching weapons not so much at the research stage (although we sometimes achieved this) as in the development stage – which usually meant when trials were showing	showing	VERB	promise	NOUN	 promise
Both Lister and Eleanor Butler were considered masculine by contemporary news reports, and though there were suspicions that these relationships were sapphist in nature, they were nonetheless praised in literature. Romantic friendships were also popular in the U.S. Enigmatic poet Emily Dickinson wrote over 300 letters and	and	CCONJ	poems	NOUN	 poems
Having absorbed heavy casualties from the Viet Cong's ambush, the 2 / 4th Marine Battalion had to fight their way out of the plantation with their bayonets fixed. During the entire ordeal, the company did not receive artillery support because the plantation was beyond the range	range	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
Rare Replay reviewers were surprised by the quality of the game and some considered it a highlight of the package. Battletoads Arcade remains the last entry in the Battletoads series. Battletoads Arcade is a coin operated, scrolling beat ' em up arcade video game. Up to	to	PART	three	NUM	 three
They also reveal Brown's process in shaping the story from conflicting sources. He acknowledges some of the more capricious details. He explains he was not committed to the conspiracy theory he presented, but included it in order to present Macdonald in a certain light: "	"	PUNCT	[	X	 [
After three and a half months in Constantinople, he was ordered to depart for Adrianople. The reason for this further move is also unclear. It may have been due to pressure from the Persian ambassador, combined with Bahá ' u'lláh's refusal to work with the	the	DET	Ottoman	PROPN	 Ottoman
By 3 July, his troops had accomplished the tasks set forth in the directive, destroyed the Third Panzer Army and captured Polotsk. For his achievements, on 7 July he was decorated with the title of Hero of the Soviet Union. With the overall success of	of	ADP	Soviet	ADJ	 Soviet
He increased his win total to 22, and his 4.10 ERA was the lowest since 1892. On October 3, it was reported that he was retained by Boston under the reserve clause. When interviewed during the off season, Stivetts claimed that he would like to	to	PART	quit	VERB	 quit
Such characteristics were more common among amateur cricketers, and Sutcliffe in many ways behaved like one. While not particularly popular with his team mates, he was respected. Hawke asked Sir Home Gordon, a cricket writer who had assisted Hawke with his autobiography, to sound	sound	VERB	out	ADP	 out
(Bennett 1986, p. 31). Although the sermons have been deemed " of little literary or theological value " (Burchfield 1987, p. 280) and though Orm has been said to possess " only one rhetorical device ", that of repetition (Bennett 1986	1986	NUM	,	PUNCT	,
The radioactive contamination posed a problem. The people working in the Bayo Canyon had to change their clothes and take showers after the work. Sometimes they would still trip detectors at security gates. The experiments were performed in the Bayo Canyon in a location designated TA 10	10	NUM	(	PUNCT	 (
In August 1522, Martim Afonso de Melo Coutinho arrived at Tuen Mun with three ships, unaware of the conflict and expecting to meet with Chinese officials on establishing consent for a Portuguese trade base in China. Two of his ships were captured in a surprise Chinese attack	attack	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
In 2011, DiCaprio starred alongside Armie Hammer and Naomi Watts in Clint Eastwood's J. Edgar, a biopic about J. Edgar Hoover. Written by Dustin Lance Black, the film focuses on the career of the FBI director from the Palmer Raids onwards, including an examination	examination	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
In 1949, the CAB tightened its regulations and placed heavy fines on the airline and shut it down completely for safety violations. The airline was prohibited from operating worldwide charter flights, and president James Wooten left the company. Also in 1949, Alaska Air began operating	operating	VERB	five	NUM	 five
This match was announced on the August 14 episode of TNA's television program TNA Impact!, with Management Director Jim Cornette stating that three qualification matches would take place to determine the challengers to Joe over the weeks leading to No Surrender. The first qualifying match was	was	AUX	on	ADP	 on
In his autobiography, Brown said the play came about by accident in 1946 when Graham botched a play and improvised by making a late handoff to Marion Motley, who ran past the onrushing defenders for a large gain. He developed detailed pass patterns that were designed to	to	PART	exploit	VERB	 exploit
On January 31 the team pulled out a 74 – 71 win against the Saint Joseph's Hawks at home, with Melquan Bolding leading the team with 24 points. Once again, though, the Dukes were unable to build momentum as they lost 60 – 76 to	to	ADP	#	SYM	 #
Concerned that a similar disaster might happen in British collieries, the Royal Commission was formed, reporting back in 1907, 1909 and 1911. The reports led to the Coal Mines Act 1911, which came force into December that year. Among other changes to the health	health	NOUN	and	CCONJ	 and
This is believed to cause V shaped depressions on the side under tension and C shaped depressions on the side under compression. When tooth destruction occurs at the roots of teeth, the process is referred to as internal resorption, when caused by cells within the pulp,	,	PUNCT	or	CCONJ	 or
The program began in 1984 as the Advanced Operational Studies Fellowship (AOSF) by diverting lieutenant colonel War College selectees to Fort Leavenworth for an equivalent education program; these officers remained for a second year to help instruct AMSP students. Because highly qualified officers could not remain	remain	VERB	at	ADP	 at
" Regarding the song's chorus, Azerrad commented, " The brilliant irony is that the tune is so catchy that millions of people actually do sing along to it. " In his biography of Cobain, Heavier Than Heaven, Charles R. Cross asserted that the song	song	NOUN	was	AUX	 was
In addition to U2, West drew musical inspiration from arena rock bands such as The Rolling Stones and Led Zeppelin in terms of melody and chord progression. To make his next effort, the third in a planned tetralogy of education themed studio albums, more introspective and	and	CCONJ	personal	ADJ	 personal
The opposite proved true; Madonna was indeed emotionally vulnerable, and Taraborelli cited as an example the icon's 1990 relationship with actor Warren Beatty. Their relationship was generally perceived as nothing more than a means to promote their film Dick Tracy, and Madonna was regarded under	under	ADP	the	DET	 the
The raid was the final action in a series of engagements fought by the British squadron based in the Indian Ocean against the Dutch naval forces in Java, and it completed the destruction of the Dutch squadron with the scuttling of three ships of the line, the last	last	ADJ	Dutch	ADJ	 Dutch
Big Painting No. 6. is a prime example of his works that both turned a mundane household task into a planned artistic operation and made a time consuming task appear as if it was produced mechanically in an instant. The painting is regarded as an example of	of	ADP	his	PRON	 his
Secrest notes that much is overlooked in the rush to have love conquer all in South Pacific, " questions of the long term survival of a marriage between a sophisticate who read Proust at bedtime and a girl who liked Dinah Shore and did not read anything were raised	raised	VERB	by	ADP	 by
Because of EPCR's role, activated protein C is found primarily near endothelial cells (i.e., those that make up the walls of blood vessels), and it is these cells and leukocytes (white blood cells) that APC affects. Because of the crucial role	role	NOUN	that	PRON	 that
Desha was again found guilty, and sentenced to hang on July 14, 1826. Judge Brown overturned the verdict because the prosecution had not proven that the murder took place in Fleming County, as alleged in the indictment against Desha. The state argued that this was	was	AUX	of	ADP	 of
In the bass recitative " Das macht Christus, wahr ’ Gottes Sohn " (Christ, God ’ s true son, does this) with chorale, " Herr, du siehst statt guter Werke " (Lord, you see, instead of good works),	,	PUNCT	the	DET	 the
Drummond's opinions of the " rock ' n ' roll comeback " were recorded by him at the time and aired in 2000: " The history of rock ' n ' roll has been littered with pathetic comebacks.... No comeback has ever worked. The motivation behind	behind	ADP	the	DET	 the
He believes this is in part because Wiene died in 1938, closer to the release of the film than any other major collaborators, and was therefore unable to defend his involvement in the work while others took credit. In fact, Robinson argues Caligari ultimately hurt Wiene	Wiene	PROPN	's	PART	's
When China entered the Korean War, the Central Intelligence Agency (CIA) had a desperate need for intelligence on China. The agency turned to the two KMT generals, who agreed to slip some soldiers back into China for intelligence gathering missions. In return, the	the	DET	agency	NOUN	 agency
This sortie was the initiation of a strategy adopted by Admiral Friedrich von Ingenohl, the commander of the High Seas Fleet. He intended to use the battlecruisers of Rear Admiral Franz von Hipper's I Scouting Group to raid British coastal towns to lure out portions of the	the	DET	British	PROPN	 British
Gaudí designed an oval church with five aisles, one central aisle and two at either side. He conceived it as fully integrated into nature. A porch of hyperbolic paraboloid vaults precedes the crypt, the first time that Gaudí used this structure and notably the first use	use	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
(Russell 1938: 176 – 177; 234) From the view of the ethicist, competition between states is on the same moral plane as competition between modern businesses (Russell 1938: 177). Indeed, by Russell's account, economic power and political power	power	NOUN	are	AUX	 are
Slick roads caused three tractor trailers to jackknife along a 2 mile (3 km) portion of the Capital Beltway. Additionally, four people required rescue assistance after being trapped in swollen creeks. A tropical depression formed on September 8 off the coast of Africa. It	It	PRON	tracked	VERB	 tracked
Britain again deployed its armed forces to the region, intervening in Oman (1957), Jordan (1958) and Kuwait (1961), though on these occasions with American approval, as the new Prime Minister Harold Macmillan's foreign policy was to remain firmly aligned	aligned	VERB	with	ADP	 with
The third child of Prosper Frederick Hely, a storekeeper, and his wife Alice (née Lloyd), William Lloyd (Bill) Hely was born on 24 August 1909 at Wellington, New South Wales. He was educated to Intermediate Certificate level at Mudgee, Wollongong	Wollongong	PROPN	and	CCONJ	 and
In 1932, Plante began to play hockey, skateless and with a tennis ball, using a goaltender's hockey stick his father had carved from a tree root. When he was five years old, Plante fell off a ladder and broke his hand. The fracture	fracture	NOUN	failed	VERB	 failed
And then I started looking for a way to marry those two ideas up, and a few months later we had Awake. " Jennifer Salke, the president of the entertainment division of NBC, encouraged Killen to conceive a concept for a future television series after the	the	DET	cancellation	NOUN	 cancellation
Black backed subspecies have a black saddle and white nape. White backed subspecies have a wholly white nape and saddle. The male Western Australian subspecies dorsalis is also white backed, but the equivalent area in the female is scalloped black. Juveniles have lighter greys and browns	browns	NOUN	amidst	ADP	 amidst
The racial makeup of the county was 96.8% White, 0.6% Black or African American, 0.1% Native American, 0.3% Asian (0.1% Indian, 0.1% Chinese, and 0.1% Korean), 1.1% from other races, and 1%	%	NOUN	from	ADP	 from
In particular, the club currently works closely with 12 local clubs which would be maintained and enhanced if the Bell Lane proposal were to go ahead. " The England national football team frequently trained at the ground when preparing for games in London; the agreement with Arsenal	Arsenal	PROPN	began	VERB	 began
The 1985 NHL Entry Draft was held in Toronto, Ontario on June 15. The Flames used their first round pick, 17th overall, on American defenceman Chris Biotti. The team was surprised that he had fallen to them, believing Biotti to be the best defenceman	defenceman	NOUN	available	ADJ	 available
Sometimes a mandoline is used to slice vegetables for vegetable chips, which can accommodate thin slicing and enhance size consistency. Vegetable chips may be flavored with spices such as salt, sea salt, pepper, cajun spice, curry, allspice, chipotle powder, sweet or	or	CCONJ	smoked	ADJ	 smoked
The two had a heated exchange on 3 November, and Amer conceded. Nasser also ordered blockage of the canal by sinking or otherwise disabling forty nine ships at its entrance. Despite the commanded withdrawal of Egyptian troops, about 2,000 Egyptian soldiers were killed during engagement with	with	ADP	Israeli	ADJ	 Israeli
Parts of the current nave and chancel date from the fourteenth century, but the church was rebuilt and enlarged by William Hastings in 1474, at the same time that he erected the tower of his nearby castle. The new, larger church included a nave with aisles	aisles	NOUN	and	CCONJ	 and
Six years after its opening it was taken into public ownership and the tolls were lifted. The tollbooths remained in place and are the only surviving examples of bridge tollbooths in London. Nicknamed " The Trembling Lady " because of its tendency to vibrate when large numbers of	of	ADP	people	NOUN	 people
Punk subsequently defeated Big Show, Randy Orton, and Sheamus in a four way match to earn the right to face Undertaker. After the real life death of Paul Bearer the following day, a storyline involving Punk regularly spiting The Undertaker through displays of flippancy and disrespect	disrespect	ADJ	towards	ADP	 towards
Florida Atlantic allows local financial businesses to use the Trading Room for training. Florida Atlantic is classified by The Carnegie Foundation for the Advancement of Teaching as a research university with high research activity. The university has established notable partnerships with major research institutions such as The Scripps	Scripps	PROPN	Research	PROPN	 Research
It had been announced late in the summer that Darren Criss, who plays Blaine Anderson, would be starring on Broadway in How to Succeed in Business Without Really Trying from January 3 through 22, 2012, with rehearsals beginning there a couple of weeks before his debut	debut	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
A re airing of the film received the most viewers of that week for the channel. The film spawned a spin off television series called R. L. Stine's The Haunting Hour premiered October 29, 2010 on the Hub Network. The series was similar to R.L. Stine	Stine	PROPN	's	PART	's
The ship was not launched until 12 December 1908, and did not join her sisters until 31 May 1910. The Nassau class ships operated as a unit in the High Seas Fleet: the II Division of the I Battle Squadron. The ships of the class participated	participated	VERB	in	ADP	 in
During his tenure as superintendent, Zahorchak implemented full day kindergarten, pre kindergarten and tutoring programs. He also pursued high school reform and hired reading and math coaches to boost student learning. In March 2003, Pennsylvania Secretary of Education Vicki Phillips hired Zahorchak as Deputy Secretary	Secretary	PROPN	for	ADP	 for
An 1823 report described it as an " old and very awkward " facility, containing around a dozen prisoners in damp conditions, and where it was hard to separate the male and female prisoners in an appropriate fashion. In 1855 its role as a gaol was concluded	concluded	VERB	,	PUNCT	,
On her return to England, she appeared in the Liverpool Christmas pantomime as the principal boy in Pretty Bo Peep, Little Boy Blue, and the Merry Old Woman who lived in a Shoe. Her performance was praised by the press, who called her " delightfully	delightfully	ADV	easy	ADJ	 easy
During the 19th and early 20th centuries, the palace and its owners became symbols of the slightly risqué glamour and decadence that were associated with Monte Carlo and the French Riviera. Glamour and theatricality became reality when the American film star Grace Kelly became chatelaine of the palace	palace	NOUN	in	ADP	 in
The four month tour throughout Canada and the United States considerably boosted Edward's confidence and self esteem, and had many diplomatic benefits for Great Britain. Edward had hoped to pursue a career in the British Army, but his mother vetoed an active military career. He	He	PRON	had	AUX	 had
The club was responsible for promoting popular dances such as the Charleston, the Madison and the Twist. Smalls Paradise was the longest operating club in Harlem before it closed in 1986. The building has been the site of Thurgood Marshall Academy since 2004. Entrepreneur Ed Smalls	Smalls	PROPN	owned	VERB	 owned
After the hijacking, Cofresí adopted the Anne as his flagship. Although she is popularly believed to have been renamed El Mosquito, all official documents use her formal name. The Anne was quickly used to intercept a merchant off the coast of Vieques who was completing a	a	DET	voyage	NOUN	 voyage
Minister King cited the union's criticism of the provincial government as the reason for the move, stating ' No matter what we do in this province, the FFAW are more concerned with their own self interest than they are with the interests of the industry. '	'	PUNCT	Fish	PROPN	 Fish
Bonnevier, Katarina (2007). Behind Straight Curtains: towards a queer feminist theory of architecture. Stockholm: Axl Books. ISBN 978 91 975901 6 7. Castle, Terry (2003). The Literature of Lesbianism. New York: Columbia University Press.	.	PUNCT	ISBN	NOUN	 ISBN
These pictures in turn inspired Charlie Chaplin to make the The Gold Rush, a silent movie, which uses the background of the Klondike to combine physical comedy with its character's desperate battle for survival in the harsh conditions of the stampede. The photographs reappear in the	the	DET	documentary	NOUN	 documentary
Her appeal to the general populace was based in her protective character, as exemplified by the magical healing spells. In the Late Period, she was credited with ever greater magical power, and her maternal devotion was believed to extend to everyone. By Roman times she	she	PRON	had	AUX	 had
Fascism has been prescribed dubious stances on feminism by its practitioners and by women's groups. Amongst other demands concerning social reform presented in the Fascist manifesto in 1919 was expanding the suffrage to all Italian citizens of age 18 and above, including women (accomplished only in	in	ADP	1946	NUM	 1946
The name Hazel was retired following this storm. On September 22, a weak tropical disturbance was first observed southeast of Socorro Island. The disturbance moved northward uneventfully until late on September 23, when the disturbance became a tropical depression at a distance of 100 mi (	(	PUNCT	160	NUM	160
In 1983, studies began for a " Relief Route " of US 13 between Dover and Wilmington. The new highway was proposed in order to relieve US 13 of traffic heading to the Delaware Beaches in the summer. Prior to the beginning of construction, an archaeological	archaeological	ADJ	survey	NOUN	 survey
Baby steps, right? " Terri is the wife of glee club director Will Schuester (Matthew Morrison). Believing herself to be pregnant, Terri pressures Will to quit his job as a Spanish teacher at William McKinley High School, in order to take a better	better	ADJ	paying	VERB	 paying
I can't have people like that coming over here, on smack, fucking saying that they hate themselves and they wanna die. That's fucking rubbish. Kids don't need to be hearing that nonsense. " While Gallagher has stated he did not intend "	"	PUNCT	Live	VERB	 Live
Matt Collar of Allmusic complimented the classic Christmas songs composed in a " light, contemporary pop fashion, " noting Aly & AJ's original songs as standouts on the album. Logan Leasure of Jesus Freak Hideout commended Aly & AJ's " powerhouse " vocals on the	the	DET	tracks	NOUN	 tracks
I Am... Sasha Fierce debuted at number one on the Billboard 200 chart, with first week sales of 482,000 units, earning Beyoncé her third consecutive US number one solo album. The album earned over thirty platinum and one diamond certifications in separate worldwide markets. As	As	ADP	of	ADP	 of
Martha, the last storm of the season, dissipated over Panama on November 25. The season's activity was reflected with an accumulated cyclone energy (ACE) rating of 166. ACE is, broadly speaking, a measure of the power of the hurricane multiplied by	by	ADP	the	DET	 the
The immune system is a remarkably effective structure that incorporates specificity, inducibility and adaptation. Failures of host defense do occur, however, and fall into three broad categories: immunodeficiencies, autoimmunity, and hypersensitivities. Immunodeficiencies occur when one or more of the components of the	the	DET	immune	ADJ	 immune
The song was the most popular song played on New Year's Eve and the most sung song on the day, leaving " Auld Lang Syne " in second place for the first time since 2005, on karaoke company Lucky Voice's online service in the United Kingdom	Kingdom	PROPN	.	PUNCT	.
Bridges made eleven appearances for Histon and helped the club achieve promotion to the Conference South in his two months at the club. He left Histon at the end of the season, and subsequently earned himself a one year contract to re join his former employers, Cambridge	Cambridge	PROPN	United	PROPN	 United
Richie Porte (Team Sky) covered this move. He was again able to follow as Michał Kwiatkowski attacked. When Kwiatkowski had caught Thomas's group inside the final one kilometre (0.6 mi), Porte himself attacked. Thomas, his teammate, was the only	only	ADJ	rider	NOUN	 rider
He should be deported and gotten rid of at once. " Although Chaplin remained politically active in the years following the failure of Monsieur Verdoux, his next film, about a forgotten vaudeville comedian and a young ballerina in Edwardian London, was devoid of political themes.	.	PUNCT	Limelight	PROPN	 Limelight
The game features 20 unplayable guest characters, drawn from the Marvel and Capcom universes, which are used for support during battle. Guest characters from Marvel Comics include Cyclops, Jubilee, and Thor, while the Capcom side includes Arthur from Ghosts ' n Goblins, the	the	DET	Unknown	ADJ	 Unknown
Amongst those arrested were Générals Daniel KATSUVA wa Katsuvira, Land Forces Chief of Staff, UTSHUDI Wembolenga, Commandant of the 2nd Military Region at Kalemie; FALLU Sumbu, Military Attaché of Zaïre in Washington, Colonel MUDIAYI wa Mudiayi, the military attaché of Zaïre in Paris	Paris	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
Parallel to the band's gospel musical stylings, the Make Up produced music under a communism influenced political philosophy that they saw as counter to the capitalist form of modern rock and roll and pop music. The Make Up released four studio albums, two live albums,	,	PUNCT	a	DET	 a
The two noted that, despite the fact that " a lot of [the episode] works […] because the scenes between Doggett and Scully are so good ", the positive aspects of the episode were not " put to better use in a more exciting	exciting	ADJ	episode	NOUN	 episode
They wanted Carey's vocal a little louder, so a remix was quickly completed. The producer asked if the song would still make the debut album, and was told, " We're going to do our best. " On the first copies of the album	album	NOUN	that	PRON	 that
At this point most of the plot lines are settled, but there is no clear resolution for the main protagonists. Karasuma still suffers from memory loss, and although Harima attends the ceremony with Eri, their relationship status remains the same. There is a scene in	in	ADP	the	DET	 the
Zinc pyrithione is widely included in shampoos to prevent dandruff. Zinc ions are effective antimicrobial agents even at low concentrations. Organozinc chemistry is the science of copounds that contain carbon zinc bonds, describing the physical properties, synthesis, and chemical reactions. Many organozinc compounds are	are	AUX	important	ADJ	 important
Nuptial flights are rarely recorded due to queens leaving their nest singly, although as many as four queens may leave the nest at the same time. Species are both polygynous and polyandrous, with queens mating with one to ten males. Polygynous and polyandrous societies can occur	occur	VERB	in	ADP	 in
Harris initially shunned the team and tried to avoid correspondence and meetings with them. An attempt to arrange a game against an English XI for the Cricketers ' Fund was turned down, and public advertisements in the newspapers were shunned. W.G. Grace was sympathetic to the Australians	Australians	PROPN	and	CCONJ	 and
Crickets are hemimetabolic insects, whose lifecycle consists of an egg stage, a larval or nymph stage that increasingly resembles the adult form as the nymph grows, and an adult stage. The egg hatches into a nymph about the size of a fruit fly. This passes	passes	VERB	through	ADP	 through
Two minutes later, a Shōkaku search plane commanded by Kenzō Kanno sighted TF 17 and notified Hara. The two forces were about 210 nmi (240 mi; 390 km) away from each other. Both sides raced to launch their strike aircraft. At 09:	:	SYM	15	NUM	 15
In 2015, Portland's Bureau of Environmental Services (BES) began issuing annual " report cards " for watersheds or fractions thereof that lie within the city. BES assigns grades for each of four categories: hydrology, water quality, habitat, and fish and wildlife	wildlife	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
Led by John Chilembwe, an American educated black millenarian Christian minister, the uprising was based around his church in the village of Mbombwe in the south east of the country. It was centred on the black middle class and encouraged by grievances against the colonial system,	,	PUNCT	including	VERB	 including
The group itself has not acquired a trivial name; however, scandium, yttrium and the lanthanides are sometimes called rare earth metals. Three group 3 elements occur naturally, scandium, yttrium, and either lanthanum or lutetium. Lanthanum continues the trend started by two lighter	lighter	ADJ	members	NOUN	 members
Four months later, he won the King of the Ring tournament, and not long after, began pursuing the WWF Championship, which he won in October; this capped off a rookie year which is considered by many to be the greatest in professional wrestling history.	.	PUNCT	Throughout	ADP	 Throughout
While wobble or shimmy can be easily remedied by adjusting speed, position, or grip on the handlebar, it can be fatal if left uncontrolled. Wobble or shimmy begins when some otherwise minor irregularity, such as fork asymmetry, accelerates the wheel to one side.	.	PUNCT	The	DET	 The
In other cases, certain gunfighters were possibly confused, over time, with being someone else with a similar name. The most well known of Butch Cassidy's Wild Bunch gang, the Sundance Kid, was in reality only known to have been in one shootout during	during	ADP	his	PRON	 his
" On its initial showing, " The Bitch Is Back " was viewed by 2.15 million viewers, ranking 74th of 85 in the weekly rankings. This figure was an increase from the previous episode, " Weevils Wobble But They Don't Go Down ", which	which	PRON	aired	VERB	 aired
He engaged in other businesses as well, including clothing stores and restaurants. During this time, he became a naturalized American citizen. Hsu was able to gain the trust of investors by his dress, by his warm and personable manner, by his educational credentials,	,	PUNCT	by	ADP	 by
Idol modelled a leather jacket and pants, covered in black sunglasses, to the yet unreleased song " Neuromancer ". This coincided with Idol's decision to change his fashion style to match the cyberpunk aesthetic of the album. Idol changed his hair to dreadlocks, and	and	CCONJ	wore	VERB	 wore
The window wells were beveled, widening toward the interior of the house; this admitted more light to the house. The configuration of the west wall is not known, since the wall was removed in 1924. William and Florence Dowse raised five sons, born between	between	ADP	1905	NUM	 1905
Finally at the season ending Canadian Grand Prix, this time at the Circuit Île Notre Dame in Montreal (a circuit that was eventually named after him) Villeneuve scored his first Grand Prix win after Jean Pierre Jarier's Lotus stopped with engine trouble. To date,	,	PUNCT	he	PRON	 he
A total of 900 people attended Bound for Glory, while 800 people attended the fanfest. It was reported that tickets for the event sold very quickly. Canadian Online Explorer writer Bob Kapur rated the entire event a 9 out of 10, which was higher than the	the	DET	2006	NUM	 2006
I tried to use some of that while trying to keep a stand alone feel for our movie. I kind of took what worked and tried to improve on it, " Ellis added. " We wanted to take what the first film did effectively, and add	add	VERB	levels	NOUN	 levels
They occupied the eastern wing of their house, with the neighboring Zou family living in the western half. The building was large enough for Zedong to be allocated his own bedroom; a rarity at the time. In front of the house was a pond and a	a	DET	rice	NOUN	 rice
It's the jumps from quirky to heavy that make Glee special, and I love watching the cast handle so much in one scene. " Although Canning said that the announcement of Kurt as prom queen " effectively caught [him] off guard, right in the	the	DET	gut	NOUN	 gut
He was not expected to survive and was hurriedly baptised in his father's drawing room; his mother died from complications eleven days later. His family moved to Cheltenham and Inglis was schooled at Cheltenham College from 1889 to 1894. In his final year, he was	was	AUX	elected	VERB	 elected
References: On May 2, 2012, following a rash of injuries to players who had been on the 20 man Team USA basketball roster in January (notably center Dwight Howard), Davis was named as one of the finalists for the 2012 Olympic basketball team.	.	PUNCT	Davis	PROPN	 Davis
Fickett expressed worriment that Fringe would eventually become too formulaic, much like the first season of Smallville, and concluded his review by calling Fringe " a solid show, but [not] exceptional yet ". Critics did however praise John Noble's consistent performance as Walter	Walter	PROPN	Bishop	PROPN	 Bishop
With the exception of Bow Creek, the Bow Back Rivers were closed for public access during the Olympics construction works, and remained closed until after the events. Access to sections of the Lee Navigation which pass close to the Olympic Stadium, including part of Bow River	River	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
The episode featured Vaughn Armstrong, who reprised his role of the Kreetassan Captain from the episode " Vox Sola ". Several scenes also proved challenging for the main dog actor who portrayed Porthos, who was named Breezy. She was required to lie still for long periods	periods	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
During the anti Catholic Gordon Riots in 1780, large crowds assembled in Birmingham. In 1766, 1782, 1795, and 1800 mobs protested high food prices. One contemporary described Birmingham rioters as the " bunting, beggarly, brass making, brazen faced, brazen hearted	hearted	ADJ	,	PUNCT	,
The director's work experience in the United Kingdom exposed him to the " social dynamics of the British psyche ", giving him insight into the depiction of " British reality ". Cuarón used the film The Battle of Algiers as a model for social reconstruction in preparation	preparation	NOUN	for	ADP	 for
Hours later, the sultan rode to the Hagia Sophia and summoned an imam to proclaim the Islamic creed, converting the grand cathedral into an imperial mosque due to the city's refusal to surrender peacefully. Mehmed declared himself as the new " Kaysar i Rûm " (	(	PUNCT	the	DET	the
In such cases the shifts correspond to a physical energy transfer to matter or other photons rather than being due to a transformation between reference frames. These shifts can be due to such physical phenomena as coherence effects or the scattering of electromagnetic radiation whether from charged elementary particles	particles	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
These are listed at Grade II * on the National Register of Historic Parks and Gardens. The boundaries of the estate generally follow field boundaries but on the east side they follow the line of the River Dee. In the 17th century, formal gardens were created around	around	ADP	the	DET	 the
Following the WGC Accenture Match Play Championship, where he was knocked out in the second round by missing a 5 foot putt, Woods revised his putting technique and tied for second at the Honda Classic, with the lowest final round score in his PGA Tour career.	.	PUNCT	After	ADP	 After
A Lithuanian delegation was invited to Moscow, where it signed the Soviet – Lithuanian Mutual Assistance Treaty on October 10, 1939. According to the treaty, the Soviet Union would cede a portion of the Vilnius Region, including the important city of Vilnius, which it	it	PRON	had	AUX	 had
The canal today is a heritage tourism destination. Boating, with narrowboats and cruisers, is a popular tourist attraction particularly in the summer months. It is a favourite haunt of several famous canal enthusiasts including canal boat veterans and original K & A restoration supporters, Prunella	Prunella	PROPN	Scales	PROPN	 Scales
By the end of the day the US aircraft from the three squadrons had flown 163 sorties. The battle was the first air to air dogfight between the United Nations and North Korea in the war. The North Korean were unsuccessful in attempting to shoot down the air	air	NOUN	transports	NOUN	 transports
She has also committed to star in the Shahnawaz NK's bilingual film CandyFlip opposite Prakash Raj and Gulshan Devaiah. Koechlin has been associated with theatre from a young age. As a child, she attended theatre workshops in Pondicherry. Her mother was adamant that she complete	complete	VERB	her	PRON	 her
That afternoon, a company of British soldiers and Indians came toward those lines, but not near enough to do significant damage, and opened fire. St. Clair ordered his men to hold their fire until the enemy was closer, but James Wilkinson fired at a British	British	ADJ	soldier	NOUN	 soldier
On the negative side, Stephen Holden of The New York Times said that " even by the crude standards of teenage horror, Final Destination is dramatically flat ". Lou Lumenick of the New York Post commented that " the film's premise quickly deteriorates into a silly	silly	ADJ	,	PUNCT	,
The propriety of publicly performing music that Sibelius himself had rejected has also been questioned. Jean Sibelius was born in 1865 in Finland, since 1809 an autonomous grand duchy within the Russian Empire having earlier been under Swedish control for many centuries. The country remained divided between	between	ADP	a	DET	 a
On 10 December, David Robertson, the moderator elect of the Free Church of Scotland, expressed concerns that Murphy had been subject to religious discrimination after Gary Otton, leader of the Scottish Secular Society, posted several threads on Facebook commenting on the leadership candidate's Roman	Roman	ADJ	Catholic	ADJ	 Catholic
In the 19th century, amateur piano and singing were considered proper for middle- and upper class women. Women were also a major part of early popular music performance, though recorded traditions quickly become more dominated by men. Most male dominated genres of popular music include female	female	ADJ	performers	NOUN	 performers
These forces, along with the attached 506th Tank Battalion and 108th Tank Brigade, numbered roughly 20,000 men and 11 tanks. Köchling was also promised a reformed 116th Panzer Division and the 3rd Panzergrenadier Division, numbering a total of some 24,000 personnel. The 246th Volksgrenadier Division	Division	PROPN	replaced	VERB	 replaced
" Subway " was originally scheduled to air during the 1997 November sweeps season, but lower than expected ratings for the three part sixth season premiere, " Blood Ties ", prompted NBC to move its broadcast date to December 5 and heavily promote it. The strategy	strategy	NOUN	also	ADV	 also
On the second day, NASCAR allowed drivers to draft in packs to check the cars ' responses. During the third session on the morning of January 13, in which 32 drivers took part, Martin Truex Jr. and Clint Bowyer were both quickest with a speed of	of	ADP	204.722	NUM	 204.722
King Charles II in 1684 established the Dominion of New England. Bradstreet's brother in law Joseph Dudley, who had served as one of the colonial agents, was commissioned by James as President of the Council for New England in 1685 by King James II, and	and	CCONJ	took	VERB	 took
The team decided to incorporate anime elements for the game's animation. Inafune explained, " [Mega Man's] hand transforms into a gun and you can actually see it come out of his arm. We wanted to make sure that the animation and the motion	motion	NOUN	was	AUX	 was
Eiland Hall later placed two prominent disclaimers at the top of the page, which identified it as parody. The disclaimer at the top of the website's main page stated its entire contents was parody, and included a link to a larger disclaimer at the bottom of	of	ADP	the	DET	 the
According to " Newton's laws of motion " and the equation F = ma, (second law of motion) when acted upon by a force F of one newton, an object with mass m of one kilogram will accelerate a at the rate of one meter	meter	NOUN	per	ADP	 per
In central Dalmatia, these included three batteries on the mainland between Šibenik and Split, 90 millimetre (3.5 in) guns on Žirje Island, a 100 millimetre (3.9 in) battery near Zečevo and 88 millimetre (3.5 in) guns on Smokvica Island near Primošten	Primošten	PROPN	.	PUNCT	.
The vessels were ordered under the provisional names Ersatz Yorck, Ersatz Gneisenau, and Ersatz Scharnhorst. They were considered to be replacements for the armored cruisers Yorck, which had been sunk by German mines in 1914, and Gneisenau and Scharnhorst, both of which had been	been	AUX	sunk	VERB	 sunk
Another important shrine is the Chhinnamasta Temple near Rajrappa in Jharkhand, where a natural rock covered with an ashtadhatu (eight metal alloy) kavacha (cover) is worshipped as the goddess. Though well established as a centre of Chhinnamasta by the 18th century, the site	site	NOUN	is	AUX	 is
Men shall follow you wherever you go; you shall be as good for flight as for pursuit; you shall fly without wings; riches shall be on your back and fortune shall come through your meditation. " Arabians are one of the oldest human developed horse breeds	breeds	NOUN	in	ADP	 in
Kappa Delta's new 23 bedroom house at 1 Occom Ridge was built over the 2013 – 2014 school year and was completed in the fall of 2014. It contains a formal room, gourmet kitchen, a library, and two bedrooms on the first floor, in	in	ADP	addition	NOUN	 addition
While in Ireland at age fifteen, she saw The Virgin Prunes perform live in Dublin, and said the experience " framed her [music career]. " Her varying genre interests were illustrated in a 1991 interview with Flipside, in which she stated: " There	There	PRON	's	VERB	's
On February 24, 2013, Johansen was re called by the Blue Jackets for the remainder of the season, which began on January 19 after an agreement was reached. In the 2013 – 14 season, Johansen had a breakout year, scoring 33 goals and 30	30	NUM	assists	NOUN	 assists
In 1970, while Rice was still in the graduate program, her daughter was diagnosed with acute granulocytic leukemia. Rice later described having a prophetic dream, months before Michele became ill, that her daughter was dying from " something wrong with her blood. " On	On	ADP	August	PROPN	 August
He was taken to the vicarage in Eccles for treatment, but died of his injuries. There have been two further serious railway incidents in Eccles, the first in 1941, and the second in 1984. The line was widened in 1882, and improvements were made	made	VERB	to	ADP	 to
Thơ's record under Diệm's presidency was called into question, with allegations circulating in the media that he had supported the repression of the Buddhists by Diệm and Nhu. Thơ claimed that he had countenanced Nhu's brutal Xá Lợi Pagoda raid, attempting to prove that	that	SCONJ	he	PRON	 he
The division of the game into four years was a way of breaking the game's overall puzzle into four discrete sections. Each year was divided into several non linear branches of puzzles that all had to be solved before the player could progress to the next year.	.	PUNCT	Schafer	PROPN	 Schafer
In all, it measured about 14 miles (23 km) plus a few miles of sidings and loops. Sevastopol lay in ruins after the end of the siege. Tsar Nicholas I died on 2 March 1855, and peace negotiations were opened by the new Tsar	Tsar	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
Accordingly, the congress was divided on the question of whether its purpose was to simply pave the way for deeper relations between the syndicalist unions or whether a Syndicalist International was to be founded. The opponents of a new organization prevailed, but the congress agreed to establish	establish	VERB	an	DET	 an
Helmut's eldest brother Walter was born in Swakopmund, at the time in the German protectorate in South West Africa. The outbreak of World War I forced the family to return to Germany and Helmut's sister, Doris, was born in Rohrbach, near Heidelberg.	.	PUNCT	Owing	VERB	 Owing
However, the eventual withdrawal of Russian support made Vladimirescu seek a new agreement with the Ottomans, leaving him to be executed by an alliance of Eterists and weary locals (alarmed by his new anti boyar program); after the Ottomans invaded the region and crushed the	the	DET	Eteria	PROPN	 Eteria
To study glaciers located in the alpine regions of Lombardy, researchers compared a series of aerial and ground images taken from the 1950s through the early 21st century and deduced that between the years 1954 2003 the mostly smaller glaciers found there lost more than half of their area	area	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
Sony Discos president Oscar Llord called Suavemente the " most successful debut album of a Tropical artist in history. " Suavemente was listed as the third best charting and -selling Sony Discos album during the Top Latin Albums twenty fifth year in 1999. Crespo was ranked fifth on	on	ADP	the	DET	 the
These harbours could not accommodate ships of the line but were well situated for frigates that attacked shipping in British waters whenever they could escape the blockade. One such port was Dunkirk in French Flanders, which contained a squadron of four French frigates: the 44 gun Poursuivante	Poursuivante	PROPN	under	ADP	 under
Critics generally regarded " Going, Going, Gone " as disconsolate. In the season eight finale, Dr. Meredith Grey (Ellen Pompeo), Dr. Derek Shepherd (Patrick Dempsey), Dr. Cristina Yang (Sandra Oh), Dr. Lexie Grey (Chyler Leigh)	)	PUNCT	,	PUNCT	,
In 1868 he began to learn Old Norse from the Icelandic scholar Eiríkr Magnússon, and embarked with him on a series of collaborative translations from the Icelandic classics. In 1870 they published Völsunga Saga: The Story of the Volsungs and Niblungs, with Certain Songs from the	the	DET	Elder	ADJ	 Elder
It is the first roller coaster of its kind in Germany. At a cost of 12 million euros, the roller coaster features floorless trains, 476 m (1,562 ft) of track, and a maximum height of 41 m (135 ft). The attraction	attraction	NOUN	officially	ADV	 officially
One 1966 game had a crowd of 413 fans; television announcer Red Barber was fired by the Yankees after discussing the low attendance during his telecast. After fifth place finishes in 1968 and 1969 (the latter in the newly created six team American League East division)	)	PUNCT	,	PUNCT	,
Olive scandalizes and horrifies most of the audience and pageant judges with a burlesque performance that she joyfully performs while oblivious to their reactions. The pageant organizers are enraged and demand Sheryl and Richard remove Olive from the stage. Instead of removing her, one by one the	the	DET	members	NOUN	 members
US 12. Bus. US 31 followed Front Street northward back to the mainline US 31 at Walton Road northwest of downtown. The business loop was extended along Walton Road in 1992 when the next segment of the US 31 freeway opened in Berrien County. The highway	highway	NOUN	was	AUX	 was
Alternate versions of the story include Napoleon being unhappy about losing to the machine, playing the machine at a later time, playing one match with a magnet on the board, and playing a match with a shawl around the head and body of the Turk in an	an	DET	attempt	NOUN	 attempt
In rare cases improper implementation of water fluoridation can result in overfluoridation that causes outbreaks of acute fluoride poisoning, with symptoms that include nausea, vomiting, and diarrhea. Three such outbreaks were reported in the U.S. between 1991 and 1998, caused by fluoride concentrations as high	high	ADJ	as	ADP	 as
He allowed Soudan to pass unmolested, and focused his attention on the unescorted Royal Edward some 6 nautical miles (11 km) off Kandeloussa. He launched one of UB 14's two torpedoes from about a mile (2 km) away and hit Royal Edward in	in	ADP	the	DET	 the
It was the most popular of Godwin's early works and the first time she had written a narrative from the point of view of multiple characters. In 1987, Godwin was awarded the Janet Heidinger Kafka Prize for her work on The Southern Family. By the early	early	ADJ	2000s	NOUN	 2000s
Ordered for the Royal Navy as HMS Phaeton, the cruiser was purchased by the Australian government and renamed prior to her 1934 launch. During the early part of her operational history, Sydney helped enforce sanctions during the Abyssinian crisis, and at the start of World War	War	PROPN	II	PROPN	 II
Francis went on to represent New Zealand in rugby league, making him a dual code international. It is unlikely his switch to rugby league was done without Gallaher's knowledge. Francis did eventually return to rugby union as a coach. Gallaher was also a member of	of	ADP	the	DET	 the
With the passage of the first state highway bond issue in 1910, the Department of Engineering was directed to lay out and construct a system connecting all county seats. Placerville, seat of El Dorado County, was connected to Sacramento by the 46.5 mile (74.8 km	km	NOUN	)	PUNCT	)
A delay in releasing it occurred as the band were trying to negotiate with MTV, as Westfall commented: " I think it's more important to have them [MTV] on board, instead of just putting it on, like, YouTube. " The video	video	NOUN	had	VERB	 had
" I Love You " charted at No. 23 on the Billboard Hot Dance Club Songs in April 2000. Writing for The New York Times, Sia Michel called the album " lushly atmospheric " but also ambivalent. She said that while the album paints a "	"	PUNCT	vivid	ADJ	 vivid
The music video for Eminem's " We Made You " includes portions of the song where Eminem is singing in front of a Guitar Hero like note highway. The video for Brad Paisley's video for " Start a Band ", featuring Keith Urban, includes a	a	DET	Guitar	PROPN	 Guitar
The sweep included a walk off win in the final game of the series. The Mets and Pirates were tied 1 – 1 in the bottom of the ninth inning when Pirates closer Brad Clontz threw a wild pitch which allowed Melvin Mora to score and win the game	game	NOUN	2	NUM	 2
The survivors were back at Truk on 20 February and the air group was disbanded. In the meantime, the Japanese Navy had restructured its carrier air groups so that one air group was assigned to one carrier division and Air Group 652 was assigned to the 2nd Carrier	Carrier	PROPN	Division	PROPN	 Division
On August 4, 2009, Larry Fessenden was announced as the director of the American remake. Fessenden was later announced that he will not be involved with directing the remake, stating " Working on the script with Guillermo was a very exciting experience, but then I	I	PRON	got	VERB	 got
Keibler guest starred on George Lopez on ABC. In the fall of 2007 Keibler appeared both in The Comebacks and on ABC's drama October Road. In April 2008 she was named No. 64 in FHM's annual 100 Sexiest Women list. Keibler was featured in	in	ADP	an	DET	 an
Out of a crew of at least 400, fewer than 35 escaped, a catastrophic casualty rate of over 90%. Several accounts of the sinking have been preserved that describe the incident, but the only confirmed eyewitness account is the testimony of a surviving Flemish crewman	crewman	NOUN	written	VERB	 written
It is located in the Ballcourt Plaza, just south of the ballcourt. Zoomorph P is accompanied by an altar depicting an unidentified deity leaping from a split in the earth. A hieroglyphic text on the zoomorph describes the founding of Quiriguá under the supervision of the king	king	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
It encompasses a range of genres, including Christmas, adult contemporary, urban contemporary and religious music. " All I Want for Christmas Is You – Extra Festive " is re recording of the original, which makes use of extra chimes, " beefier " production with	with	ADP	softened	VERB	 softened
He held two offices in the royal household as well as performing other administrative duties for the king. During the Becket controversy (lasting until Becket's death in 1170) between King Henry and Thomas Becket, the Archbishop of Canterbury, de Broc supported the king and	and	CCONJ	was	AUX	 was
Now fast enough to accompany Japan's growing carrier fleet, she was reclassified as a fast battleship. During the Second Sino Japanese War, Kirishima acted primarily as a support vessel and troop transport, moving army troops to mainland China. On the eve of World War	War	PROPN	II	PROPN	 II
Nothing is known of the work's provenance before the 1840s. Given the panels ' diminutive size — which is typical of early diptychs — it seems probable that the work was commissioned for private rather than public devotion. The notion of a well educated patron, with	with	ADP	knowledge	NOUN	 knowledge
On April 16, the match was made into an Extreme Rules match. On the January 2 Raw, Chris Jericho returned to WWE. He made it clear that he wanted to reclaim his title as the " best wrestler in the world, " which CM Punk	Punk	PROPN	had	AUX	 had
Pećanac's force remained intact after the German occupation of Serbia and supplemented its strength from Serb refugees fleeing Macedonia and Kosovo. In the early summer of 1941, Pećanac's detachments fought against Albanian bands. At this time and for a considerable period after, only detachments	detachments	NOUN	under	ADP	 under
If the British people were ever to ask themselves what power they truly enjoyed under our political system they would be amazed to discover how little it is, and some new Chartist agitation might be born and might quickly gather momentum. Benn's philosophy consisted of a form	form	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
The stable homotopy groups πk are the product of cyclic groups of the infinite or prime power orders shown in the table. (For largely historical reasons, stable homotopy groups are usually given as products of cyclic groups of prime power order, while tables of unstable homotopy	homotopy	NOUN	groups	NOUN	 groups
He believed that each individual athlete was different and tailored different workout routines to different athletes. He also scaled his workouts up and down, giving some of his athletes rest on certain days for recovery time. This attention to detail also led him to become obsessed with	with	ADP	experimentation	NOUN	 experimentation
It was to be a low budget campaign. Each volunteer had to provide at his expense a horse, rifle, ammunition, rations, and other equipment. Their only payment would be an exemption from two months of militia duty, plus whatever plunder might be taken	taken	VERB	from	ADP	 from
The Tyrant Fossil appears only in the novel Resident Evil: Underworld. In the third Resident Evil live action film, Resident Evil: Extinction (and its novelization), Umbrella's researcher Dr. Sam Isaacs tries to subdue his mutation after being bitten by an enhanced zombie	zombie	NOUN	with	ADP	 with
A video game which followed up on the events of Insurrection was released in 2000. Entitled Star Trek: Hidden Evil, it was set nine months after the events depicted in the film. In its narrative, Son ' a colony has been created on Ba '	'	PROPN	ku	NOUN	 ku
The sequel has shown that my surmises were well founded, this proving to be the Comet we have lately observed ". Herschel notified the Astronomer Royal, Nevil Maskelyne, of his discovery and received this flummoxed reply from him on 23 April: " I don't	n't	PART	know	VERB	 know
After finishing the Rayquaza bonus stage, a new Start Slot tile appears, which is simply labeled " Arrival ", signifying the arrival of a Jirachi. Activating this tile results in a bonus mode similar to Catch ' Em Mode, where the player only has thirty	thirty	NUM	seconds	NOUN	 seconds
In the period immediately after the war, many teams in Europe were forced to wear unusual kits due to clothing restrictions. England's Oldham Athletic, who had traditionally worn blue and white, spent two seasons playing in red and white shirts borrowed from a local rugby	rugby	NOUN	league	NOUN	 league
Loosha knew that the clean environment of the garden would help Arianna recover from her disease, and fought the specter to ensure the garden would survive long enough to cure her. She fully recovers from her illness a year later, and the Golden Garden's discovery is	is	AUX	then	ADV	 then
Within Oryzomyini, a 2006 phylogenetic analysis by Marcelo Weksler which used both morphological and DNA sequence data found some evidence that Oryzomys is most closely related to a group including Holochilus, Lundomys, and Pseudoryzomys. Although analyses based on morphological and combined data supported this relationship,	,	PUNCT	sequences	NOUN	 sequences
" The New York Times quoted Xinjiang Daily saying in May that 70 percent of the young Uyghurs had " signed up for employment voluntarily. " However, Kashgar residents say the families of those who refuse to go are threatened with fines of up to six months '	'	PART	worth	NOUN	 worth
On 15 April, following the conclusion of the fighting around Slater's Knoll, the 7th Brigade was relieved by the 29th and they returned to Torokina where they remained until the end of the war. Over the course of the campaign, the 61st Battalion lost 48	48	NUM	men	NOUN	 men
When, in 1948 the CGPM was charged with producing a coherent system of units of measure, definitions relating to temperature had to be clarified. At the 9th CGPM, the centigrade temperature scale was renamed the Celsius temperature scale and the scale itself was fixed by defining	defining	VERB	the	DET	 the
The majority of Hungarian military units in Budapest and the countryside remained uninvolved, as the local commanders generally avoided using force against the protesters and revolutionaries. From 24 to 29 October, however, there were 71 cases of armed clashes between the army and the populace in	in	ADP	fifty	NUM	 fifty
A site in the Nantucket Sound recorded a wind gust to 61 mph (98 km / h). The former tropical cyclone produced wind gusts of 60 mph (97 km / h) in Maine, toppling trees and ripping boats from their moorings at a harbor	harbor	NOUN	in	ADP	 in
Pacific Oceanic tectonic plates have plunged below the North American Plate in this part of North America for hundreds of millions of years. Heat from these subducting plates has fed scores of volcanoes in California, Oregon, Washington and British Columbia over at least the past 30 million	million	NUM	years	NOUN	 years
Although some critics considered the work overly graphic and profane, it was widely heralded for its realistic portrayal of war and unique writing style. The Detroit Free Press declared that The Red Badge would give readers " so vivid a picture of the emotions and the horrors of	of	ADP	the	DET	 the
They did this successfully on the morning of 17 November and they turned west to hunt for Turkish shipping along the Anatolian coast before setting course for Sevastopol later that afternoon. They were intercepted by the German battlecruiser Goeben and the light cruiser SMS Breslau the following day in	in	ADP	what	PRON	 what
The first freeway segment of M 21 on the east end was built from Wadhams to Port Huron in 1966. The next year, M 78's freeway was extended eastward to I 75 / US 10 / US 23 in Flint. On October 11, 1967,	,	PUNCT	the	DET	 the
Ricketts ' share of the revenues from sales did not even provide him with the money to pay back Steinbeck for financing the journey. Ricketts was killed in 1948 when a train collided with his car while he was crossing the rail tracks. Ricketts ' death severely hurt	hurt	VERB	Steinbeck	PROPN	 Steinbeck
Collins sent the sapphires to Tiffany's in New York City, and to Amsterdam for evaluation; however, those sapphires were of poor coloring and low overall quality, garnering little notice and giving Montana sapphires a poor reputation. Corundum was also found at Dry Cottonwood Creek	Creek	PROPN	near	ADP	 near
By the morning of 24 January the colonial authorities had mobilised the white settler militia and redeployed regular military forces south. After a failed attack on Mbombwe by troops of the King's African Rifles (KAR) on 25 January, a group of rebels attacked a Christian	Christian	ADJ	mission	NOUN	 mission
When his arm is torn off accidentally, Woody attempts to retrieve it and escape but is foiled by someone mysteriously turning on Al's television set. The next morning, a cleaner repairs his arm and Woody learns that Jessie was once the beloved toy of a child	child	NOUN	named	VERB	 named
The two dukes quickly disobeyed this order and withdrew the bulk of the English army to Calais, leaving some 4,000 men to defend the captured city. The English army, outnumbered, was now trapped in Calais; the Dauphin, left unopposed, concentrated his efforts on	on	ADP	besieging	VERB	 besieging
Following the Mexican War of Independence, the missions were secularized and the land taken by the Mexican government. In 1834, Lieutenant Antonio del Valle was assigned to inventory the property of Mission San Fernando. The rancho was supposed to be returned to the Tataviam, but	but	CCONJ	Governor	PROPN	 Governor
The action favoured both contestants, as each wrestler alternated having the advantage. After Beefcake threw David Sammartino out of the ring, Valiant lifted him up and slammed him to the cement floor. He then pushed Sammartino back into the ring before being attacked by Bruno.	.	PUNCT	A	DET	 A
Buzz is usually represented as a stylized yellowjacket with yellow and black fur, white wings, a yellow head, and antennae. He is almost never drawn with six legs, but rather with arms, legs, hands (in white gloves) and feet (in	in	ADP	black	ADJ	 black
She is the wife of singer and musician Paul Hewson, known as Bono, from the rock group U2. Raised in Raheny, she met her future husband at a young age at Mount Temple Comprehensive School and married him in 1982. She was awarded a degree	degree	NOUN	in	ADP	 in
At the 2003 Spike Video Game Awards, Return of the King was nominated for two awards; " Best Animation " and " Best Game Based on a Movie ". It lost in both categories, to Dead or Alive: Xtreme Beach Volleyball and Enter the Matrix	Matrix	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
The stage play was republished in 2006, using the Perfected Spelling System, as part of the first volume of the Lontar Foundation's anthology of Indonesian stage dramas. Allah jang Palsoe was well received and broadly adopted. Troupes were allowed to perform the play as a	a	DET	charity	NOUN	 charity
On 14 March, Premier Wen Jiabao reprimanded Bo during his annual press conference. Wen called the achievements of Chongqing " significant, " but the result of " multiple administrations, " rather than just Bo himself. Wen also made numerous allusions to the damage wrought by	by	ADP	the	DET	 the
In the United States, heavy rainfall prompted flood watches for most of west Texas. The National Weather Service even noted the possibility of 12 in (300 mm) of rain in some areas across the state. Waldo contributed to rain heavy enough to cause some flash	flash	NOUN	flooding	NOUN	 flooding
" Be All My Sins Remember'd " achieved 9.52 out of 10 from the GateWorld fan rating, making it one of only seven episodes in the Stargate franchise to have a fan rating higher than 9.5 at the time. The space battle earned the visual effects team a	a	DET	nomination	NOUN	 nomination
This satisfied some people, but some conservationists, such as Gifford Pinchot, Harry A. Slattery, and others, pushed for a full investigation into Fall and his activities. They got Wisconsin Senator Robert M. La Follette Sr. to begin a Senate investigation into the oil	oil	NOUN	leases	NOUN	 leases
Kirkus Reviews called it " another grand tale of magic and mystery... and clicking along so smoothly that it seems shorter than it is ". However, they commented that it did tend to lag, especially at the end where two " bad guys " stopped the	the	DET	action	NOUN	 action
However, there were many locals who had observed the economic impact the Drammen Line had on the southern part of the municipality, and called for a line also to the northern parts. In 1896, a committee was established, led by captain and entrepreneur H. J.	J.	PROPN	Hofgaard	PROPN	 Hofgaard
Critics were generally positive towards " Black & Blue ". The majority of them praised the piano elements and Wyatt's vocals. The single is among the band's most successful releases; it peaked at number 64 on the UK Singles Chart and reached the top 10	10	NUM	on	ADP	 on
Castelli chose not to represent both artists at that time, but he would, in 1964, exhibit Warhol works such as reproductions of Campbell's Tomato Juice Box, 1964 (pictured above, left), and Brillo Soap Boxes. He would again exhibit Warhol's	's	PART	work	NOUN	 work
Latoya Cross of Jet referred to the song as having a " smooth tempo " and being a continuation of Fantasia's " rock soul " vibe. Instrumentation is provided by " a polished, percolating mix of synths and trappy snares " and an organ. Matthew Scott	Scott	PROPN	Donnelly	PROPN	 Donnelly
Zoot Suit Riot played at Eugene's Hult Center for the Performing Arts on April 12 and 13, 2014. During the initial writing and recording period of White Teeth, Black Thoughts, the Daddies began playing select shows billed as " The Cherry Poppin ' Daddies Salute	Salute	VERB	the	DET	 the
Downtown's East 9th Street also doubled for New York in the climax of The Avengers (2012); in addition, the production shot on Cleveland's Public Square as a fill in for Stuttgart, Germany. More recently, Jackass Presents: Bad Grandpa (2013	2013	NUM	)	PUNCT	)
Farr saw the 1946 colour version as poorer than the black and white original; he said it had lost its " vibrancy " and " atmosphere ", and that the new depiction of the Congolese landscape was unconvincing and more like a European zoo than the " parched	parched	VERB	,	PUNCT	,
" after becoming frustrated by a last minute alteration to the show's teleprompter text. Wednesday 13 explained the album's inspiration in an interview: " Wednesday 13 (the band) has a live DVD that I put out and we couldn't think of a title	title	NOUN	and	CCONJ	 and
Direct current with a negatively charged electrode (DCEN) causes heat to build up on the electrode, increasing the electrode melting rate and decreasing the depth of the weld. Reversing the polarity so that the electrode is positively charged (DCEP) and the workpiece is negatively	negatively	ADV	charged	VERB	 charged
He escapes imprisonment with the aid of the mercenary Pablo; and decides to enter the forest and find the Arumbayas, in the hope that they can explain to him why people wish to steal the fetish. From a British explorer, Ridgewell, living among the Arumbaya	Arumbaya	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
Since its release, Final Fantasy Tactics has attracted a cult following. Fan communities dedicated to modding and balancing the game have appeared on the internet. These communities experience member activity as of 2011, fourteen years after Final Fantasy Tactics ' original release. Editorials from the	the	DET	gaming	NOUN	 gaming
In January 1995 a USAF flying board returned Wickson and May, who had been grounded since the incident, to flying status. Subsequently, Wickson was transferred to Randolph Air Force Base, Texas, to undergo instructor pilot training with a follow on assignment to Columbus Air	Air	PROPN	Force	PROPN	 Force
It was released on November 4, 2013, by Interscope Records as the second promotional single from the record, following " Venus ". It was written by Gaga, Paul " DJ White Shadow " Blair, Dino Zisis, and Nick Monson and produced by Gaga	Gaga	PROPN	and	CCONJ	 and
On 30 June 2015, the album was made available to stream with the launch of Apple Music, Apple's streaming service. In August 2015, a CD version was released in Japan by Hostess Entertainment. Tomorrow's Modern Boxes blends Yorke's vocals and piano playing	playing	VERB	with	ADP	 with
Rome's control over the city ended following the chaos of the Crisis of the Third Century, when the empire nearly disintegrated as a series of generals seized and lost power through civil wars, palace coups and assassinations. Around 280, Roman rule collapsed in much of	of	ADP	Mauretania	PROPN	 Mauretania
Although Shimer does not award graduate degrees, teachers could then earn professional development credit with the program; it complements traditional education courses by providing background knowledge for teachers to impart more content rich instruction. The program was developed in conjunction with the Core Knowledge Foundation, founded	founded	VERB	in	ADP	 in
The anti aircraft armament was reduced to a single 4 inch gun mounted on the island between the funnels as Beatty believed that the ship's own fighters would be her best defence against enemy aircraft. This design was approved in June, although work had begun earlier.	.	PUNCT	The	DET	 The
According to Human Rights Watch, these laws effectively make Rwanda a one party state, as " under the guise of preventing another genocide, the government displays a marked intolerance of the most basic forms of dissent ". Amnesty International is also critical; in its 2014	2014	NUM	/	SYM	 /
However, when authorities notified Jackson's lawyers that they expected their investigation to continue at least through February, Jackson's team still failed to win a delay of the civil case. Jackson's lawyers also lost a motion to prevent Feldman from turning over information (e.g.	e.g.	ADV	from	ADP	 from
After the song stops and the four girls are seen laying down tired, Spears turns around to them and say, " Way to rock the spots, ladies. " Spears first performed " Till the World Ends " at Rain Nightclub in the Palms Casino Resort on	on	ADP	March	PROPN	 March
Moore signed a deal to go uncredited on the film, and for his share of the income be given to Gibbons, as he had done on V for Vendetta. Before filming began, Snyder said, " [I] totally respect his wishes to not be	be	AUX	involved	VERB	 involved
The smaller monastic church at Daphni, c. 1080, uses a simpler version of this plan. The katholikon of Nea Moni, a monastery on the island of Chios, was built some time between 1042 and 1055 and featured a nine sided, ribbed dome rising 15.62	15.62	NUM	meters	NOUN	 meters
By 1965, Billingham had still not convinced the Geelong branch of the Victorian Amateur Athletics Association (VAAA). In January 1965, Billingham acquired lights for the Geelong senior athletics oval, Landy Field, which was also where the Little Athletics competition were. The lights	lights	NOUN	were	AUX	 were
Three intermediate stations were to be provided: on Warwick Avenue at the junction with Warrington Avenue, Clifton Villas and Clifton Gardens; at the junction of Elgin and Randolph Avenues (named Maida Vale); and on Cambridge Avenue (named Kilburn Park). The LNWR	LNWR	PROPN	gave	VERB	 gave
Barbee located a crossing and conducted a brief raid against the Indians on the other side before returning to Scott. The next morning, Scott's main force burned the nearby villages and crops, while a detachment under Wilkinson set out for the settlement of Kethtippecannunk. The	The	DET	inhabitants	NOUN	 inhabitants
In case of fire the hangar was intended to be divided by four sliding steel doors. Between the hangar spaces and the deck park, the Malta class would have been capable of accommodating between 80 and 108 aircraft. For these aircraft, the ships would have been	been	AUX	provided	VERB	 provided
There exist variants of the APP gene which are protective. Most cases of Alzheimer's disease do not exhibit autosomal dominant inheritance and are termed sporadic AD, in which environmental and genetic differences may act as risk factors. The best known genetic risk factor is the inheritance	inheritance	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
Publishers Weekly gave the book a starred review, stating, " This subtle, brilliant examination of the period between the War of Independence and the Louisiana Purchase puts Pulitzer winner Ellis (Founding Brothers) among the finest of America's narrative historians. " Jon Meacham,	,	PUNCT	reviewing	VERB	 reviewing
The fifth named storm of the 2003 – 04 South West Indian Ocean cyclone season, Elita developed in the Mozambique Channel on January 24, 2004. It strengthened to become a tropical cyclone before striking northwestern Madagascar on January 28. Elita weakened to tropical depression status while	while	SCONJ	crossing	VERB	 crossing
It soon became problematic once the East Stand of the stadium was granted Grade II listing in July 1997. After much consultation, the club eventually abandoned its plan, deciding a capacity of 48,000 was not big enough. In January 1998, Arsenal investigated the opportunity of	of	ADP	relocating	VERB	 relocating
Both requirements were later inherited by Poser criteria and McDonald criteria, whose 2010 version is currently in use. During the 20th century theories about the cause and pathogenesis were developed and effective treatments began to appear in the 1990s. There are several historical accounts of people who	who	PRON	probably	ADV	 probably
The local extinction of the Alpine chough and the reduced range of red billed chough in the islands may have been due to climate change or human activity. A small group of wild red billed chough arrived naturally in Cornwall in 2001, and nested in the following year	year	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
" According to Hamilton's mother, Hamilton only signed the deal because his father Jack was dying of cancer, and it had been his father's dream to watch his son pitch in the major leagues. Following the draft, Hamilton joined Team USA in Canada in	in	ADP	preparation	NOUN	 preparation
The health problems shared with this breed include mitral valve disease, luxating patella, and hereditary eye issues such as cataracts and retinal dysplasia. Cavaliers are also affected by ear problems, a common health problem among spaniels of various types, and they can suffer from such	such	ADJ	other	ADJ	 other
Ebert opined that Citizen Kane is generally considered to be a " greater " film, but Casablanca is more loved. In his opinion, the film is popular because " the people in it are all so good ", and it is " a wonderful gem "	"	PUNCT	.	PUNCT	.
Throughout the month of May and into early June, ships carrying troops and war supplies continued to arrive at Quebec. By June 2, Carleton had added the 9th, 20th, 29th, 53rd and 60th Regiments of Foot, along with General John Burgoyne, to	to	ADP	his	PRON	 his
That morning however 14 East India Company ships were seen arriving in Simon's Bay and the attack was cancelled. These ships were the reinforcement fleet under Clarke, who landed 4,000 troops from the 78th, 93rd and 98th Regiments of Foot and a unit from Saint Helena	Helena	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
, and he was '... saving them for the Curiosity Room at Hampton ' ". After graduation, Sheppard was recommended to Tuscaloosa Theological Institute (now Stillman College, which dedicated its library in Sheppard's honor in 1959) in Alabama. He met Lucy Gantt	Gantt	PROPN	near	ADP	 near
These drawings included a watercolour and pen and ink sketches of the living room, pen and ink sketches of the pots of geraniums on the living room window sill, the entrance passage, the pantry, the stairs, some of the upstairs rooms, and details of	of	ADP	the	DET	 the
The United States moved for dismissal on the basis of lack of subject matter jurisdiction and failure to state a claim. In addition, the United States claimed that the statute of limitations had run under both the Tucker Act and the Indian Tucker Act, the acts governing	governing	VERB	claims	NOUN	 claims
Although Imlay never married Wollstonecraft, he registered her as his wife at the American consulate to protect her once Britain and France went to war in February 1793. Most people, including Wollstonecraft's sisters, assumed they were married — and thus, by extension, that	that	SCONJ	Fanny	PROPN	 Fanny
After one year of arduous work García continues to lead the church, with ambition to fulfill a promise he received from God in a vision, that La Luz del Mundo Church will grow to a number that he could never imagine or perceive. He also urges the	the	DET	youth	NOUN	 youth
The Lý court had not intervened when the Song general Di Qing (1008 – 1061) crushed the border rebellion of Nùng Trí Cao in 1053. During the two decades of relative regional peace that followed, the Lý observed the threat of Song expansion, as more	more	ADJ	Han	PROPN	 Han
The video ends with Rihanna on a boat shouting " Rihanna Navy! ", referring to her fan group. Upon its release, the video received general acclaim from critics. Iona Kirby of Daily Mail praised the documentary style video, which gives fans an opportunity to	to	PART	see	VERB	 see
The Oort cloud is thought to be a remnant of the original protoplanetary disc that formed around the Sun approximately 4.6 billion years ago. The most widely accepted hypothesis is that the Oort cloud's objects initially coalesced much closer to the Sun as part of the same process	process	NOUN	that	PRON	 that
He also raised pigs for the Future Farmers of America organization. While still at school he sang and played guitar in The Texans, a band formed by his sister's husband, Bud Fletcher. The band played in honky tonks, and also had a Sunday morning	morning	NOUN	spot	NOUN	 spot
M 154 has existed on Harsens Island since 1931. The original routing started in the northeast corner of the island travelling down Channel Drive to Little Avenue, which does not exist in its entirety today. From here it the connected LaCroix Road and matched up with the	the	DET	present	ADJ	 present
According to Azim Premji University liberal studies faculty member S. V. Srinivas, Pathala Bhairavi was a blend of folklore and social drama. Srinivas stated that the depiction of the goddess Pathala Bhairavi before Ramudu sacrifices the sorcerer was reminiscent of the representation of Poleramma worship by dalits in	in	ADP	the	DET	 the
In a region where valuable gold was plentiful, transportation was insecure and effective law and order was lacking, travelers became easy prey for robbers. By late 1863, thefts and murders along the routes in and around Alder Gulch had become common. In their writings about	about	ADP	the	DET	 the
After starring for the Michigan Wolverines football, where he once led the Big Ten Conference in rushing, he went on to a scandal ridden life. His college football career was ended prematurely due to a knee injury. He has been sentenced to prison multiple times and	and	CCONJ	placed	VERB	 placed
Love and Sky interfered in the contest several times. During the bout, as Kim and Laveaux stood on the ladder, Kim flipped over Laveaux, grabbed her around the legs, and slammed her into the mat back first with a powerbomb. Laveaux's head was	was	AUX	legitimately	ADV	 legitimately
At 13: 30, General Trần Văn Đôn announced that a coup was taking place. Most of the officers rose to applaud, but Tung did not. He was taken away by Nguyễn Văn Nhung, the bodyguard of General Dương Văn Minh. As he was	was	AUX	led	VERB	 led
The launch ceremony took place in a Marriott Hotel on 27 February 2010. The first DVD was released by M. M. Keeravani and was presented by journalist Pasupuleti Ramarao. The DVD was released in NTSC video format and Dolby Digital 5.1 surround audio format on 5 March 2010	2010	NUM	.	PUNCT	.
The Hungry Saw was the first new Tindersticks material in five years. Two songs from the album, " The Hungry Saw " and " Boobar Come Back to Me ", were released as singles. Critics noted that the album stayed close to the soul influenced sound	sound	NOUN	that	SCONJ	 that
This mechanism evolved once, and is the defining feature (synapomorphy) for the infraclass Neoptera. There are two basic aerodynamic models of insect flight. Most insects use a method that creates a spiralling leading edge vortex. Some very small insects use the fling and clap	clap	NOUN	or	CCONJ	 or
After the second year, as the child begins to see the caregiver as an independent person, a more complex and goal corrected partnership is formed. Children begin to notice others ' goals and feelings and plan their actions accordingly. For example, whereas babies cry because	because	SCONJ	of	ADP	 of
After an intersection with Shaver Road, US 131 widens into a full freeway which passes the Gourdneck State Game Area as it enters the Kalamazoo metropolitan area. US 131 meets I 94 southwest of Kalamazoo and picks up the Business Loop I 94 (BL I 94)	)	PUNCT	designation	NOUN	 designation
They provided the only access for ocean going vessels to Biscayne Bay until artificial channels were dredged starting early in the 20th century. In 1849 the island had a fine sandy beach on the east side, and mangroves and lagoons on the west side. The average elevation	elevation	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
Both scenes featured the actors standing over a supine Scully, wearing white United States Navy dress uniforms. Also deleted from the episode was a kiss between Mulder and Scully, which would have been the first in the series ' run. This was an ad lib on	on	ADP	Anderson	PROPN	 Anderson
Mother India is generally regarded as Nargis's best performance and was her last major film, before retirement after marriage. Khan had wanted to cast Sabu Dastagir, a Hollywood star of Indian origin, as Birju. Dastagir travelled to India from Los Angeles, stayed in	in	ADP	a	DET	 a
The resulting circuit of walls followed the line of the former Roman and Anglo Saxon defences, incorporating them where they survived in good condition. Parts of the 14th century walls, for example along Burgate Lane, have been shown to 4 feet (1.2 m) thick	thick	ADJ	at	ADP	 at
Spiller's touchdown cut Georgia Tech's lead to 23 – 20. But as quickly as Clemson scored, Georgia Tech moved even more quickly. From its 30 yard line, the Yellow Jackets needed only three plays, the keystone coming on a 70 yard throw from	from	ADP	Nesbitt	PROPN	 Nesbitt
Salon.com states that the games helped an 8 year old guitarist learn sensitivity to rhythm, as well as develop the dexterity and independent hand usage necessary to play the instrument. Guitar Hero has been used alongside physical therapy to help recovering stroke patients as the games help with	with	ADP	multiple	ADJ	 multiple
Two events during the final month of the trial may have been particularly influential: On September 23, 1949, Truman announced that the Soviet Union detonated its first nuclear bomb; and on October 1, 1949, the Communist Party of China prevailed in the Chinese Civil	Civil	PROPN	War	PROPN	 War
Reflecting the basic properties of ZnO, fine particles of the oxide have deodorizing and antibacterial properties and for that reason are added into materials including cotton fabric, rubber, oral care products, and food packaging. Enhanced antibacterial action of fine particles compared to bulk material is	is	AUX	not	PART	 not
On June 2, 2011, Phillip was sentenced to 431 years to life imprisonment; his wife, Nancy, received 36 years to life. Phillip is a person of interest in at least one other San Francisco Bay Area missing person case. In 1979, Dugard	Dugard	PROPN	's	PART	's
During the playoffs Hosmer hit six home runs, which was individually, the second highest total in a single Texas League playoff series. The team went on to win the Texas League championship. The Royals ' farm system was ranked number one in baseball entering the 2011	2011	NUM	season	NOUN	 season
In 2001 Stephen Weiner included I Never Liked You in his book The 101 Best Graphic Novels, recommending it to those who enjoy J. D. Salinger's novel The Catcher in the Rye. I Never Liked You was the last work from his autobiographical period that started in	in	ADP	1990	NUM	 1990
P.1127 (RAF) Development V / STOL ground attack and reconnaissance fighter, six built as pre production evaluation aircraft before the type was ordered into production as the Harrier GR.1. First aircraft flew from Dunsfold on 31 August 1966. XV 6A United States military designation for	for	ADP	the	DET	 the
As he began his sophomore season, he was considered the lone bright spot on Texas Tech's offense. Tolliver struggled at the start of the year; by the end of September he had only completed 54 of 123 passes. After throwing five interceptions in a game	game	NOUN	against	ADP	 against
LaBeouf received a Young Artist Award nomination in 2001 and won a Daytime Emmy Award in 2003 for his role. He made his film debut in Holes (2003), based on the novel of the same name by Louis Sachar. In 2004, he made his	his	PRON	directorial	ADJ	 directorial
Quia respexit humilitatem (Because he has looked upon the humility) is an aria sung by soprano I with an obbligato oboe (oboe d'amore in the D major version). It is the only movement for which Bach marked the tempo at the beginning: Adagio (	(	PUNCT	only	ADV	only
1,088 arrests were made in the city between September and December 2009; 270 of these were in September, 303 were in October, 295 in November and 220 were in December. 477 of these detainees were accused of committing capital offences which included kidnapping. The motives	motives	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
He recorded one assist in 48 games in the 1937 – 38 season. Partway through his second season with the Hornets, the Red Wings recalled Stewart as part of a bid to shake up their team which had been struggling. He appeared in 32 games in his	his	PRON	NHL	PROPN	 NHL
Burges later designed the Council Chamber, added in 1867, and in 1881 began work on Connaught Hall in Dover, a town meeting and concert hall. The new building contained meeting rooms and mayoral and official offices. Although Burges designed the project, most of it	it	PRON	was	AUX	 was
It helped me move faster on the football field. " Michigan track coach Fred LaPlante said Robinson had one of the 10 fastest 100 meter high school times in the United States in 2009 and described Robinson the sprinter as " one of the four or five best guys	guys	NOUN	in	ADP	 in
The career of the character Daniel Baciagalupo / Danny Angel in the novel bears numerous similarities to that of John Irving. In an October 2009 interview with the New York magazine, Irving stated: " I tried to have fun with the self referential stuff. I felt	felt	VERB	the	DET	 the
It included stained glass and decorated floor tiles. There was also a portable altar of Purbeck Marble; it is likely that the Monastery of St Michael on the Tor was a daughter house of Glastonbury Abbey. In 1243 Henry III granted a charter for a six day	day	NOUN	fair	ADJ	 fair
Like most ironclads of their era they were equipped with a metal reinforced ram. Thétis measured 69.03 meters (226 ft 6 in) between perpendiculars, with a beam of 14.13 meters (46 ft 4 in). She had a mean draft of 6.26 meters (	(	PUNCT	20	NUM	20
Lead exposure has also been associated with a decrease in activity of immune cells such as polymorphonuclear leukocytes. Lead also interferes with the normal metabolism of calcium in cells and causes it to build up within them. The primary cause of lead's toxicity is its interference with	with	ADP	a	DET	 a
Four days later on SmackDown, Henry defeated Randy Orton to earn a spot in the number one contenders ' Elimination Chamber match for the World Heavyweight Championship at Elimination Chamber. At the pay per view on February 17, Henry eliminated Daniel Bryan and Kane before being eliminated	eliminated	VERB	by	ADP	 by
Five tubes joined together by hinged joints float semi submerged on the surface of the ocean and move relative to each other as waves pass down the length of the machine. This motion is resisted by hydraulic cylinders which drive generators inside the machine to produce electricity. Future	Future	ADJ	wave	NOUN	 wave
" Rex Reed of The New York Observer professed that despite its occasional incomprehensibility, the movie was " technically superb " and " superbly acted ". In contrast, Kyle Smith of New York Post censured the film, calling it " rubbish " and further commenting that	that	SCONJ	it	PRON	 it
Rituals for a god were often based in that deity's mythology. Such rituals were meant to be repetitions of the events of the mythic past, renewing the beneficial effects of the original events. In the Khoiak festival in honor of Osiris, his death and resurrection	resurrection	NOUN	were	AUX	 were
Greutert said in a Demon FM interview that Lionsgate told him a week before filming, that Saw VI would be post converted into 3D. Greutert was upset by this, since the film he envisioned was a 2D film, aesthetically. The plans were later abandoned due to	to	ADP	time	NOUN	 time
A relative of the ruling Palaiologos dynasty, he was appointed commander in chief in Asia Minor in 1293 and for a time re established the Byzantine position there, scoring some of the last Byzantine successes against the Turkish emirates. In 1295 he rose up in revolt against	against	ADP	Andronikos	PROPN	 Andronikos
Regardless the Australians had prevailed not least of all because of their unexpected ability to fight in close terrain, while the outflanking of the German positions had unnerved their opponents. The losses of the AN & MEF were light in the context of later operations but were sufficiently	sufficiently	ADV	heavy	ADJ	 heavy
Reviews for the film were positive; Tanmaya Nanda of Business Standard praised the film's feminist tone, and wrote that Padukone proves " what she is capable of when given something more to do than look pretty and be the crazy dance girl at parties ". NDTV	NDTV	PROPN	's	PART	's
As of June 2016, it is the fourth most popular language. It was ranked as Programming Language of the Year for the year 2007 and 2010. It is the third most popular language whose grammatical syntax is not predominantly based on C, e.g. C + +	+	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
Copeland ran away from home for three days and stayed with a friend, while Bartell filed the emancipation papers. After her mother reported Copeland missing, she was told about the emancipation petition. Three days after running away, Copeland was returned to her mother by the	the	DET	police	NOUN	 police
Another 2010 remake of the original is the Spanish language " Somos El Mundo ". It was written by Emilio Estefan and his wife Gloria Estefan, and produced by Emilio, Quincy Jones and Univision Communications, the company that funded the project. " We Are the	the	DET	World	PROPN	 World
Moynihan had originally submitted an idea to the outline writers, who in turn worked with him and rewrote it to produce the final episode. Moynihan later noted that his personal intention for the episode was to " convey the idea that for Simon, death was preferable to	to	ADP	life	NOUN	 life
Mercer received word that Mawhood was leading his troops back across the bridge and back to Princeton. Mercer, on orders from Washington, moved his column to the right in order to hit the British before they could confront Washington's main army. Mercer moved towards Mawhood	Mawhood	PROPN	's	PART	's
The song was nominated for two Grammy Awards: Best Hard Rock Performance with Vocal and Best Rock Song. Entertainment Weekly would later name Nirvana's loss to Eric Clapton in the Best Rock Song category as one of the 10 biggest upsets in Grammy history. In the	the	DET	wake	NOUN	 wake
The new Southern Rhodesian government immediately purchased the land from the British Treasury for £2 million, and ten years later paid the same sum to the British South Africa Company for the country's mineral rights. The RGA reorganised itself to become the governing Rhodesia Party,	,	PUNCT	with	ADP	 with
The class comprised three ships named after German cities: Königsberg, Karlsruhe, and Köln, all built between 1926 and 1930. These ships were the first of the Reichsmarine with a modern cruiser design; their predecessor, Emden, was based on World War I era	era	NOUN	designs	NOUN	 designs
However, part of her could appreciate that Hilson does what she wants and that she is confident enough to do it. Concepcion further stated: " Then I watched the above interview she did with Perez Hilton, and it made me respect her even more. She	She	PRON	stood	VERB	 stood
The group also threatened terrorist attacks against cinemas that showed the film. Major cinema chains opted not to release the film, leading Sony to release it for online rental and purchase on December 24, 2014, followed by a limited release at select cinemas the next day	day	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
The issue was still ongoing in 2014. Weinberg played on only a couple of tracks on Springsteen's March 2012 album Wrecking Ball, but resumed his normal role with the E Street Band on the subsequent 2012 – 2013 Wrecking Ball Tour, this time augmented by percussionist	percussionist	NOUN	Everett	PROPN	 Everett
Musicologist Glenn Pillsbury stated the guitar work on the album was a mixture of Mustaine's " controlled chaos " and the " technical brilliance " of Marty Friedman. Studio efforts released in the mid- and late 1990s featured songs with compact structures and less complicated riffing. Megadeth	Megadeth	PROPN	's	PART	's
It is commonly known as the collared earthstar, the saucered earthstar, or the triple earthstar — and less commonly by the alternative species name Geastrum indicum. It is the largest member of the genus Geastrum (or earthstar fungi) and expanded mature specimens can reach a	a	DET	tip	NOUN	 tip
This office he carried on dutifully and without incident until the death of Augustus in 14. Little is known about the life Sejanus led prior to this date, but according to Tacitus, he accompanied Gaius Caesar, adopted grandson of Augustus, during his campaigns in Armenia	Armenia	PROPN	in	ADP	 in
The low oxygen level leads to excessive strain on the right side of the heart, known as cor pulmonale. Symptoms of this disorder occur because the heart has difficulty pumping blood from the body through the lungs. Fluid may therefore accumulate in the skin of the legs	legs	NOUN	in	ADP	 in
Patrick Seale, Abu Nidal's biographer, wrote of the shootings that their " random cruelty marked them as typical Abu Nidal operations. " Abu Nidal died after a shooting in his Baghdad apartment in August 2002. Palestinian sources believed he was killed on the orders of	of	ADP	Saddam	PROPN	 Saddam
Nothing more was heard of them until mid May, when the owners, who had by then assumed the vessel lost, received invoices relating to its repair and reprovisioning in the northern Spanish port of Corcubión. Subsequent sightings placed her in the Savage Islands, at Dakar	Dakar	PROPN	in	ADP	 in
Michael Blowen of The Boston Globe wrote that the documentary " captures the absurdity of Millennium ' 73 ", and that " The desperation of flower people alienated from politics is both touching and hilarious as they offer hope for eternal life to other converts. " Dick Adler	Adler	PROPN	of	ADP	 of
To rebuild the damaged parts of the site, the relevant approval from Dacorum Borough Council would be needed. The BP section of the site is a good way from the explosion and survived with very little damage, but it was inoperative as of 2009. BP is	is	AUX	exploring	VERB	 exploring
In January 2014, All Things Must Pass was inducted into the Grammy Hall of Fame. Music journalist John Harris has identified the start of George Harrison's " journey " to making All Things Must Pass as his visit to America in late 1968, following the acrimonious	acrimonious	ADJ	sessions	NOUN	 sessions
Darius then died whilst preparing to march on Egypt, and the throne of Persia passed to his son Xerxes I. Xerxes crushed the Egyptian revolt, and very quickly restarted the preparations for the invasion of Greece. Since this was to be a full scale invasion, it	it	PRON	required	VERB	 required
" Michigan opened the season with a 58 – 0 win over DePauw, followed by a 69 – 0 victory over Case Institute of Technology. Maulbetsch was the offensive star against Case, as he twice " carried several would be tackles across the goal. " Playing	Playing	VERB	Vanderbilt	PROPN	 Vanderbilt
The Axis positions were well dug in, behind mines and barbed wire, supported by machine guns and artillery. The first position, codenamed " Butch ", was captured by 09: 00, shortly followed by " Jill ", but two attempts to capture "	"	PUNCT	Tugun	PROPN	 Tugun
With three 900 horsepower (670 kW) and two 925 horsepower (690 kW) diesel engines, the upgraded pumping station can pump 800 thousand gallons per minute (60 m3 / s). Responsibility for the drain and the sluice passed to the National Rivers Authority	Authority	PROPN	in	ADP	 in
The options for the new stadium included adding a third tier to the existing National Stadium, or moving to a new site. This last option was discounted because it would have required a vast car parking facility, and that would have put severe short term pressures on	on	ADP	the	DET	 the
By June 1917, the King's neutrality policy had become so untenable that she and other members of the Greek royal family were forced into exile when her brother in law abdicated. For the next few years most of the Greek royal family lived in Switzerland. The	The	DET	global	ADJ	 global
The director told the studio that he did not need a composer and would buy various songs instead. They agreed, but as the film developed, sound designer and longtime Fincher collaborator Ren Klyce felt there were places in some scenes that could have used music. So	So	ADV	,	PUNCT	,
South Dakota provided the convoy with protection until its arrival in France on 12 May. Kroonland returned to New York on 1 June. Kroonland next left New York on 15 June with Finland, DeKalb, George Washington, Covington, Rijndam, the Italian steamer Dante Alighieri	Alighieri	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
When the British gained control of Indiana, the entire region was in the middle of Pontiac's Rebellion. During the next year, British officials negotiated with the various tribes, splitting them from their alliance with Pontiac. Eventually, Pontiac lost most of his allies,	,	PUNCT	forcing	VERB	 forcing
Sandie Angulo Chen of Common Sense Media opined, " As for the dramatic tension, it's best in the form of Mother Gothel -- brilliantly played by Murphy, whose signature Broadway voice... adds the necessary punch ". Chen added that Gothel " is... a	a	DET	personal	ADJ	 personal
After the red flag was lifted, only twelve minutes of the session remained and all drivers took to the track to try out the super soft compound. This did not last long however, as Jenson Button had to park his car at turn seven, reporting a	a	DET	problem	NOUN	 problem
When all the plans had been pulled together and the timing worked out, the raid was expected to last no longer than two hours. The commandos and crew from Campbeltown would board the motor launches at the Old Mole jetty and then return to base. The revised	revised	VERB	Combined	PROPN	 Combined
The band of warriors, under Black Hawk, moved toward the militia; when they were within 30 yards (27 m) the militia and its allies opened fire. Black Hawk ordered his men to " stand their ground, and never yield it to the enemy	enemy	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
Coloman's decrees, which moderated the severity of Ladislaus I's laws, also contradict to the chroniclers ' report of his bloodthirsty nature. His scribe clearly mentions him as " the most Christian King Columban ", who is " endowed with the artless grace of a	a	DET	dove	NOUN	 dove
Other labels included " preachy " and " too long ". Child reviews sent into CBBC were mixed, some citing boredom and an inadequate storyline. Patrick J. Ford of The American Conservative said WALL E's conservative critics missed lessons in the film that he felt appealed	appealed	VERB	to	ADP	 to
In 1864, calling nonmetals ' metalloids ' was still sanctioned ' by the best authorities ' even though this did not always seem appropriate. The greater propriety of applying the word metalloid to other elements, such as arsenic, had been considered. By as early as	as	ADP	1866	NUM	 1866
Therefore, the Soviet State never considered it reasonable to pass special legislative acts protecting the material and legal part of the patients ' life. It was only instructions of the legal and medical departments that stipulated certain rules of handling the mentally sick and imposing different sanctions on	on	ADP	them	PRON	 them
The Sun resides in one of the Milky Way's outer spiral arms, known as the Orion – Cygnus Arm or Local Spur. The Sun lies between 25,000 and 28,000 light years from the Galactic Centre, and its speed within the Milky Way is about 220 km	km	NOUN	/	SYM	 /
When Blackstone died, his will directed the disposition of his assets that amounted to US $6 million ($170.7 million today). Of that total, $375,000 was bequeathed to relatives and $250,000 to public institutions (Chicago Art Institute, Chicago Orphan Asylum	Asylum	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
The ensuing Battle of Klokotnitsa was a crushing victory for the Bulgarian ruler, who took Theodore and many of his officers captive. In the aftermath of Klokotnitsa, Bulgaria emerged as the mightiest power in the Balkans. Deprived of its energetic ruler, Theodore's empire collapsed	collapsed	VERB	:	PUNCT	:
Related was Taumata o Rehua, also called Pukawanui, the Mirror of Rehua, formed from an undefined group of stars in Canis Major. They called Sirius Rehua and Takarua, corresponding to two of the names for the constellation, though Rehua was a name applied to	to	ADP	other	ADJ	 other
Overall, there are about 188 individual character models in the movie as a result of these cameo inclusions. An earlier draft of the screenplay had Ralph and Vanellope spending time going around the game world to collect the pieces for her kart for Sugar Rush, and at	at	ADP	times	NOUN	 times
" Beach Games " was written by co executive producer Jennifer Celotta and series creator Greg Daniels, and was directed by Harold Ramis, whose credits include the episodes " A Benihana Christmas " and " Safety Training ". Celotta and Daniels came up with the idea for	for	ADP	the	DET	 the
The Aqueduct bridge of Segovia and the Pont de les Ferreres are of roughly similar length but use far fewer arches. Roman architects were eventually able to do away with " stacking " altogether. The Acueducto de los Milagros in Mérida, Spain and the Chabet Ilelouine aqueduct	aqueduct	NOUN	bridge	NOUN	 bridge
Beyond Leach Highway, Tonkin Highway continues past industrial properties for 1.3 kilometres (0.81 mi), reaching the interchange with Kewdale Road to the south west, and Horrie Miller Drive to the north east. Now a single point urban interchange, the initial signalised intersection was	was	AUX	the	DET	 the
He settled first in Rome, then in Paris, where for a little over three years he lectured on Slavic literature at the Collège de France. He died, probably of cholera, at Istanbul in the Ottoman Empire, where he had gone to help organize Polish	Polish	ADJ	and	CCONJ	 and
The record did have its detractors: British music publication New Musical Express (NME) gave the record a very poor review, calling the record despicable, " wholly toothless and soulless " and deriding the band as " as bad, as meaningless, as the cock	cock	NOUN	rockers	NOUN	 rockers
The first 20 of these were displayed off site in Marlborough House in 1856. The stipulation in Turner's will that two of his paintings be displayed alongside works by Claude is still honoured in Room 15 of the Gallery, but his bequest has never been adequately displayed	displayed	VERB	in	ADP	 in
Matters came to a head when the 1912 Delhi – Lahore Conspiracy, led by erstwhile Jugantar member Rash Behari Bose, attempted to assassinate the then Viceroy of India, Charles Hardinge. In the aftermath of this event, the British Indian police made concentrated police and intelligence	intelligence	NOUN	efforts	NOUN	 efforts
As a cosmopolitan, mercantile city Trieste was a probable hub of illicit trade, and Francesco was forced to leave after he killed Josephus Steffani on July 31, 1778. Although Steffani's death is commonly attributed to a duel, given their acquaintanceship (both worked at	at	ADP	a	DET	 a
The gills are ascending adnate (the gills attach at much less than a right angle, appearing to curve upward toward stem) or attached by a tooth, subdistant to close, with 14 – 16 gills reaching the stem. Additionally, there are two or three	three	NUM	tiers	NOUN	 tiers
Their half sister Furious was the same length, but had a beam of 88 feet (26.8 m) and a draught of 24 feet 11 inches (7.6 m) at deep load. She displaced 19,513 long tons (19,826 t) at load and 22,890 long	long	ADJ	tons	NOUN	 tons
" In a different scene, Andy seeks to write a song for Li'l Sebastian that is 5,000 times better than Elton John's " Candle in the Wind ", which inspires him to write the original song " 5,000 Candles in the Wind ". Other songs played	played	VERB	during	ADP	 during
Criswell Radovan was aiming to reopen the property in conjunction with what would have been Sinatra's 99th birthday on December 12, 2014. However, reopening was first delayed to January 2015, then summer 2015, and then pushed into 2016. They delays were attributed to	to	ADP	a	DET	 a
These were intervention stores of products bought up by the Community to maintain minimum price levels. To dispose of surplus stores, they were often sold on the world market at prices considerably below Community guaranteed prices, or farmers were offered subsidies (amounting to the difference between	between	ADP	the	DET	 the
His range of interest and enquiry included vivisection, vegetarianism, religion, language, cinema and photography, on all of which he wrote and spoke copiously. Collections of his writings on these and other subjects were published, mainly after his death, together with volumes of	of	ADP	selected	VERB	 selected
There are many mutations described in LRRK2, however unequivocal proof of causation only exists for a few. Several Parkinson related genes are involved in the function of lysosomes, organelles that digest cellular waste products. It has been suggested that some forms of Parkinson may be caused	caused	VERB	by	ADP	 by
The castle was receiving over 100,000 visitors a year by 2005, more than in previous decades. The castle traditionally hosts a Shakespearean play as part of the annual cultural Ludlow Festival in the town, and is at the centre of the Ludlow Food and Drink Festival each	each	DET	September	PROPN	 September
American Gangster was nominated for twenty one awards, including two Academy Award nominations for Best Art Direction and Best Supporting Actress (Ruby Dee), and won three including a Screen Actors Guild Award for Outstanding Performance by a Female Actor in a Supporting Role for Dee.	.	PUNCT	In	ADP	 In
An influential travelogue by Rev. William Henry Harrison Murray was published in 1868 and praised the Adirondacks for the relaxing effects of its picturesque wilderness. The first railroad service into the region was also built in the 1870s. The application received approval and Philander Hulett built the post	post	NOUN	office	NOUN	 office
She became a protégé of House Speaker Tip O'Neil, established a rapport with other House Democratic leaders, and rose rapidly in the party hierarchy. She was elected to be the Secretary of the House Democratic Caucus for 1981 – 1983 and again for 1983 – 1985;	;	PUNCT	this	PRON	 this
She presented a written statement instead: " Today so called aliens are deported. Tomorrow native Americans will be banished. Already some patrioteers are suggesting that native American sons to whom democracy is a sacred ideal should be exiled. " Louis Post at the Department of Labor	Labor	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
The carrier intends to add new flights to São Paulo (FY2014 / 15), Toronto (FY2015 / 16), and Perth (FY 2016 / 17), and to build up a network in Mainland China consisting of eight cities by 2021, adding seven	seven	NUM	new	ADJ	 new
Encounters with the natives and reports of Europeans shooting them feature in the area's history and mythology. Stephen Dry, cousin to Sir Richard Dry, was reportedly speared by an aboriginal on a hill near Hagley. On a property formerly known as Strath is a water	water	NOUN	hole	NOUN	 hole
The upper courtyard was key to the way that the main house functioned: it linked almost all the ground floor rooms in the house, as well as providing access to the cellars, and gave an impressive view of the turret towers. In the south wing was	was	AUX	the	DET	 the
The division's heavier equipment was carried in thirty General Aircraft Hamilcar gliders. Twenty of these would carry Tetrarch light tanks and their crews belonging to 6th Airborne Armoured Reconnaissance Regiment, four more carried three Rota trailers carrying fuel supplies without crews, another three transported, Universal	Universal	PROPN	Carriers	PROPN	 Carriers
In the Val di Chiana, the children of the family were blindfolded and commanded to beat the burning log with tongs. Traces of Christmas log customs can also be found in Germany and Scandinavia. In Thuringia the family placed a Christklotz (Christ log) on the	the	DET	fire	NOUN	 fire
In addition to these transcripts, the extracts mentioned above made by other early writers have been used to help assemble and assess the text. Because of the lack of the manuscript itself and because Parker's annotations had been copied by some transcribers as if they were part	part	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
It was decided that the border should follow the Philippopolis Chernomen Sozopol line. The agreement was finally signed in the autumn of 1324 and Michael Shishman spent the next several years at peace with his neighbors. In 1327 Michael Shishman became involved in the renewed civil war in	in	ADP	the	DET	 the
This indicates that Australian historian Russell Brown has expressed doubt regarding the veracity of Marseille's claims. Marseille's 151 claims in North Africa included: 101 Curtiss P 40 Tomahawk / Kittyhawk fighters; 30 Hawker Hurricane fighters; 16 Supermarine Spitfire fighters; Two Martin A 30	30	NUM	Baltimore	PROPN	 Baltimore
Ine kept the South Saxons, who had been conquered by Cædwalla in 686, in subjugation for a period. King Nothhelm of Sussex is referred to in a charter of 692 as a kinsman of Ine (perhaps by marriage). Sussex was still under West Saxon	Saxon	PROPN	domination	NOUN	 domination
" Wanna Be Startin ' Somethin ' " entered the Dutch charts on July 9, 1983, charting within the top five at number four. The following week, the song charted at number three, which was its peak position, for three consecutive weeks. The	The	DET	song	NOUN	 song
He even went as far as saying that there was no " interaction between " the two characters. He was positive to the new storyline conceived during Duchovny's departure, saying it gave the show a " shot in the arm, " which reinvented the show.	.	PUNCT	As	SCONJ	 As
The unitary districts of North Somerset and Bath & North East Somerset are instead covered by the Avon Fire and Rescue Service, a service which also covers Bristol and South Gloucestershire. The South Western Ambulance Service covers the entire South West of England, including all of Somerset	Somerset	PROPN	;	PUNCT	;
It opens with a countdown of " 5, 4, 3, 2, 1: Thunderbirds Are Go! ", provided by Dyneley in character as Jeff Tracy. In a departure from the style of Stingray, the Thunderbirds title sequence varies with each episode:	:	PUNCT	the	DET	 the
The film, with a single row of perforations engaged by an electrically powered sprocket wheel, was drawn continuously beneath a magnifying lens. An electric lamp shone up from beneath the film, casting its circular format images onto the lens and thence through a peephole atop the	the	DET	cabinet	NOUN	 cabinet
The song first appeared on Radio Disney before its official US radio and single release in October 1999. It was released on the soundtrack to the film Pokémon: The First Movie in November 1999 and appears in the film's closing credits. The song was featured on	on	ADP	M2	PROPN	 M2
According to Georges Hulin de Loo, Hand G's contributions to the Turin Milan Hours " constitute the most marvelous group of paintings that have ever decorated any book, and, for their period, the most astounding work known to the history of art. " Jan	Jan	PROPN	van	PROPN	 van
She had two sister ships, España and Jaime I. Alfonso XIII was built by the SECN shipyard; she was laid down in February 1910, launched in May 1913, and completed in August 1915. Named after King Alfonso XIII of Spain, she was renamed España	España	PROPN	in	ADP	 in
I just thought, well, I'll be famous. That was my goal. " In 1961, Holt married bank manager Gilbert LaPiere, who adopted Cher (under the name Cheryl LaPiere) and Georganne, and enrolled them at Montclair College Preparatory School, a	a	DET	private	ADJ	 private
His praise of the episode went to Ryan and Evans: although he thought of Christina as a " shameless Lara Croft ripoff ", he said that the character " still proves a sexy and wise cracking counterpart to the Doctor "; and Evans ' acting alongside Dumezweni	Dumezweni	PROPN	highlighted	VERB	 highlighted
The trail follows forest tracks, mountain paths, boreens and quiet country roads. Mountains, upland lakes and steep sided glacial valleys make up the terrain of the initial northern sections of the Way before giving way to gentler rolling foothills in the latter southern sections. Much	Much	ADJ	of	ADP	 of
The Kobe City Central Wholesale Market (ja: 神戸市中央卸売市場) is located on Nakanojima Island, in the southeastern corner of the ward. The market was first built in Hyogo port in 1932 and was the fifth such market to be opened in Japan. The market sells	sells	VERB	seafood	NOUN	 seafood
During this early phase, two tropical cyclones dissipated and another became extratropical across the western Pacific basin; this caused the monsoon trough, which spawned most of the storms in the basin, to realign in a more climatologically appropriate manner. According to the Japan Meteorological Agency	Agency	PROPN	(	PUNCT	 (
This subsequently convinces the group that harboring Randall poses an imminent threat. Rick Grimes (Andrew Lincoln) has concluded that Randall should be executed to protect the group, but leaves the act until sunset for a final decision. Dale (Jeffrey DeMunn) learns that the	the	DET	whole	ADJ	 whole
Excavated meat ant nests show that banded sugar ants will also inhabit them. Banded sugar ants are the dominant group of nocturnal ants in their range. Workers are mostly encountered at dusk when they are foraging for food on marked trails or on Casuarina and Eucalyptus trees.	.	PUNCT	These	DET	 These
In the middle of the mall is the replica of the cupola on the original Austin building. The varsity athletics fields are located south of the College Hill residential neighborhood. Fourteenth Street divides College Hill to the north, with the athletic fields to the south. Charles	Charles	PROPN	Boulevard	PROPN	 Boulevard
Attendances have generally risen for the Wigan Warriors since the start of the 2002 season, averaging around 14,000 over the three seasons from 2006 to 2009. Aside from Grand Finals, the largest Super League attendance was recorded at the stadium in 2005 when Wigan Warriors played their	their	PRON	local	ADJ	 local
Having been based in Maadi Camp since early June, the battalion left Egypt on 6 October as part of the division's shift to Italy and reached Taranto three days later. The 2nd New Zealand Division, now including the fully armoured 4th Brigade with three regiments of	of	ADP	Sherman	PROPN	 Sherman
The two digit U.S. Routes follow a simple grid in the contiguous United States, in which odd numbered routes run generally north to south and even numbered routes run generally east to west. (US 101 is considered a two digit route, its " first digit "	"	PUNCT	being	AUX	 being
" Following the war, he settled in Georgetown, Washington, D.C. for two years with his wife and young son. During this time, he worked on reassignment of warrant and chief petty officers from the navy. Callaghan next served aboard the newly commissioned battleship USS	USS	PROPN	Idaho	PROPN	 Idaho
In May 2007, the women's tennis team won the NCAA National Championship with a 4 – 2 victory over UCLA, the first ever national title granted by the NCAA to Tech. Tech's fight song " I'm a Ramblin ' Wreck from Georgia Tech "	"	PUNCT	is	AUX	 is
Coma and seizures represent the most advanced stage; cerebral oedema (swelling of the brain tissue) leads to death. Encephalopathy often occurs together with other symptoms and signs of liver failure. These may include jaundice (yellow discolouration of the skin and the whites of the	the	DET	eyes	NOUN	 eyes
Manorama played the wildly expressive, loud talking but tender hearted folk dancer Karuppayi, who has to contend with living under the shadows of landlords; she changes her identity every now and then to escape from them. In an interview with Maalai Malar, Manorama stated that	that	SCONJ	she	PRON	 she
The city's name literally means the " gateway to heaven " in Sanskrit, as Dwar means " gate " and ka references " Brahma ". Dwarka has also been referred to throughout its history as " Mokshapuri ", " Dwarkamati ", and " Dwarkavati "	"	PUNCT	.	PUNCT	.
Kohli followed it with a score of 54 in India's second innings on the fifth day, helping his team draw the Test match. Dhoni announced his retirement from Test cricket at the conclusion of this match, and Kohli was appointed as the full time Test captain	captain	NOUN	ahead	ADV	 ahead
On March 10, he earned a record tying (Kenny Anderson and Tyler Hansbrough) tenth ACC rookie of the week honor in the final week of the regular season. In postseason play, Parker yielded a 20 point performance in the semifinals of the 2014 ACC Men	Men	PROPN	's	PART	's
According to the 2010 census, the city's population was 52,838, while that of the city and surrounding metropolitan area was 98,461. Grand Forks, along with its twin city of East Grand Forks, Minnesota, forms the center of the Grand Forks, ND MN	MN	PROPN	Metropolitan	PROPN	 Metropolitan
Muse then appeared and proceeded to sing the official song of London 2012, " Survival ". In the darkness four trucks with screens on them entered and went to the centre of the stadium. Freddie Mercury then appeared on these and other screens around the stadium.	.	PUNCT	Displayed	PROPN	 Displayed
Contador padded his lead over Riccò slightly in short time trial in Stage 16, and stayed out of trouble in Stages 17 and 18, stages where the contenders all finished together. The long and mountainous Stage 19 saw Riccò and Danilo Di Luca both put time into	into	ADP	Contador	PROPN	 Contador
Particular attention to the environment is also required, due to the several water supply and natural heritage zones. The A4 is a tolled motorway based on the vehicle classification in Croatia using a closed toll system. As of October 2010, toll charged along the A4 route	route	NOUN	between	ADP	 between
By the time the group was recording The Wall in 1979, Waters had become frustrated that Wright was not contributing enough yet still claiming an equal share of production royalties. Wright refused to catch up on the recording backlog as his first marriage had deteriorated and he had	had	AUX	not	PART	 not
Ratchet: Deadlocked was released in 2005. While Insomniac was handling the development of the Ratchet & Clank franchise, the team wanted to work on something else. With the launch of the PlayStation 3, the team thought users of the new console would be more mature	mature	ADJ	than	ADP	 than
The term has been in use since at least the early 18th century. At least 55,000 women and girls worked as bal maidens, and the actual number is likely to have been much higher. While women worked in coal mines elsewhere in Britain, either on the	the	DET	surface	NOUN	 surface
), is " waywardly constructed despite its relative brevity ". It is episodic, emphasizing a descending chromatic scale motif. The musicologist Tadashi Isoyama notes " the graphically chromatic phrases of the opening sinfonia and the following chorus; these are evocative of the suffering of the	the	DET	world	NOUN	 world
Upon moving ashore, the storm produced a minor storm surge peaking at 3.22 feet (0.98 m) at Pleasure Pier, which caused minor beach erosion. In Clear Lake City, heavy rainfall collapsed a portion of a grocery store roof, killing two workers. The	The	DET	precipitation	NOUN	 precipitation
Furthermore, Governor Dobbs was concerned for his own investments, as he owned more than 200,000 acres (81,000 ha; 310 sq mi) of land on the Rocky River, approximately 15 miles (24 km) south of the Fourth Creek Meeting House. The North	North	PROPN	Carolina	PROPN	 Carolina
" Justice Grier, again riding circuit, reportedly stated: " If the Supreme Court of the United States can't make up its mind whether the place where the murder was committed was within the jurisdiction of the states or on the high seas, I am not	not	PART	going	VERB	 going
The Tron was built to house the congregation of St Giles ', which had been raised to cathedral status, and was laid out in the new T plan form with the pulpit in the centre, to suit reformed worship. The design was informed by contemporary Dutch	Dutch	ADJ	architecture	NOUN	 architecture
" Unreachable " combines a piano line and vintage Chamberlin sounds with lyrics dealing with regrets about rushing into a relationship. Simpson has described " Nothing New " as being about her frustration with an ex boyfriend's " dramas ", until she is ultimately " finished with	with	ADP	him	PRON	 him
" Despite this, until the 16th National Congress the CPC's anti corruption system was based on campaign style events rather than formal procedures (partially due to the 1940s Yan ' an Rectification Movement and its legacy). The idea that campaigns – not institutions – were	were	AUX	the	DET	 the
He added: " It ’ s fun to see more about his pampering of Burns, and it ’ s amusing to watch Homer take over for him. " Jennifer Malkowski of DVD Verdict considered the best part of the episode to be the scenes of Smithers on	on	ADP	vacation	NOUN	 vacation
The next day the regiment moved forward alone and established a line of observation posts between Beit Dejan and Safiriyeh, just under four miles (6.4 km) from Jaffa. Reconnaissance patrols discovered that Jaffa was not occupied by any Turkish forces, so the 3rd Squadron and	and	CCONJ	the	DET	 the
The TSO was required to submit to United States immigration authorities all the names of its musicians and other staff who would be accompanying the tour. The immigration department approved visas for all but seven musicians, suspecting them of communist activities. One of the musicians was later	later	ADV	cleared	VERB	 cleared
At one point, while aboard HMS Mercury, she anchored off New York, where, among other visitors, the captain entertained William Tryon; Allen reports that Tryon glanced at him without any sign of recognition, although it is likely the New York governor knew who	who	PRON	he	PRON	 he
Trees and brush were cut down along the border to clear lines of sight for the guards and to eliminate cover for would be crossers. Houses adjoining the border were torn down, bridges were closed and barbed wire fencing was put up in many places. Farmers were	were	AUX	permitted	VERB	 permitted
Near the end of his life, Richard P. Feynman gave a series of lectures on QED intended for the lay public. These lectures were transcribed and published as Feynman (1985), QED: The strange theory of light and matter, a classic non mathematical exposition	exposition	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
Gradually during millions of years, crustal rocks were folded and fractured and the seas driven away. This same bending and breaking of rocks relieved pressure on the hot material beneath the Earth's crust and permitted magma to rise toward the surface. Volcanoes burst into activity starting	starting	VERB	30	NUM	 30
" In 2009, Julia Llewellyn Smith from The Daily Telegraph commented that " Shakira makes comparable Spanish English ' crossover ’ acts such as Jennifer Lopez and Enrique Iglesias seem like minnows. " In an interview with Latina magazine in 2011, Gloria Estefan was asked whether she	she	PRON	felt	VERB	 felt
In 1929, Edward Bernays helped the Lucky Strike cigarette brand increase its sales among the female demographic. Research showed that women were reluctant to carry a pack of Lucky Strike cigarettes, because the brand's green color scheme clashed with popular fashion choices. Bernays persuaded fashion	fashion	NOUN	designers	NOUN	 designers
At the age of thirteen Ketèlbey composed his first serious piece of music, " Sonata for Pianoforte ", which, for Tom McCanna, his biographer, " shows a precocious mastery of composition ". Ketèlbey competed for a scholarship to Trinity College of Music in London	London	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
As a part of this, the Australian forces were concentrated into a 7 mile (11 km) perimeter centred around Farrer and Holland Roads, about 2 miles (3.2 km) west of the city, tasked with defending the north east sector of the defensive line	line	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
Filming Raiders of the Lost Ark in Tunisia left Spielberg bored, and memories of his childhood creation resurfaced. He told screenwriter Melissa Mathison about Night Skies, and developed a subplot from the failed project, in which Buddy, the only friendly alien, befriends an autistic	autistic	ADJ	child	NOUN	 child
In 1982, Killebrew received 59.3% of the vote, taking a backseat to Hank Aaron and Frank Robinson, who made it in their first year of eligibility. After receiving 71.9% of the vote in 1983, Killebrew said that not getting in that year was	was	AUX	more	ADV	 more
He returned to Davenport briefly in the summer of 1922, then moved to Chicago to join the Cascades Band, working that summer on Lake Michigan excursion boats. He gigged around Chicago until the fall of 1923, at times returning to Davenport to work for his father	father	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
The original image was taken in black and white, and Heiden experimented with a variety of treatments of the photo, to go along with the album's title, and finally arrived at the blue toned, hand tinted version of the image. The LP and CD	CD	PROPN	album	NOUN	 album
Although the sledging rations intended for Shackleton's depots had been landed, the ten stranded men were left with " only the clothes on their backs ". Mackintosh summarised their situation: " We have to face the possibility that we may have to stay here, unsupported	unsupported	ADJ	,	PUNCT	,
Performance bonds were paid in cash, bypassing Branleygran, and the companies hired Foster's Industrial and Detective Bureau to guard the site against Brandle's threat to " unionize this job or else ". Brandle organized picket lines of loyal union men, and the two sides	sides	NOUN	frequently	ADV	 frequently
" According to Shimizu, their relationship lasted many years and continued even while Jolie was romantically involved with other people, though it had ended by 2005. In 2003, when asked if she was bisexual, Jolie responded, " Of course. If I fell in	in	ADP	love	NOUN	 love
On the upper right the lowest energy conformation of the current decoy is shown; below that is the true, or native, structure of the protein if it has already been determined. Three graphs are included in the screensaver. Near the middle, a graph for	for	ADP	the	DET	 the
On one day during his treatments, as his wife was wheeling him down a hospital corridor, Cullen went into cardiac arrest, requiring doctors to use a defibrillator to revive him. He underwent a bone marrow transplant that briefly reduced his immune system to the point that	that	SCONJ	he	PRON	 he
By 0900 UTC on October 19, the hurricane watches in effect for Dominica, Martinique, and Guadeloupe were all upgraded to a hurricane warning. Additionally, the tropical storm watch in Grenada was discontinued. At 1500 UTC on October 19, the hurricane watch in Dominica	Dominica	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
In 1999, Six Flags Great Adventure spent $42 million on new attractions including a prototype Floorless Coaster, Medusa (later renamed Bizarro), developed and built by Bolliger & Mabillard. The immediate popularity of the ride led to several parks installing Floorless Coasters in the	the	DET	early	ADJ	 early
Each neighbourhood in the town has at least one primary school, while secondary schools are distributed around the town on larger campuses. Basingstoke has two large further education colleges: a sixth form college, Queen Mary's College (QMC) and Basingstoke College of Technology (	(	PUNCT	BCoT	PROPN	BCoT
It debuted at number four on the Dutch Albums Chart, and number five on the Swiss Albums Chart. In New Zealand, along with My Way (1997), the album charted outside the top ten at number eleven, while only remaining on the chart for	for	ADP	five	NUM	 five
Due to EEA rules, the judicial age limit was 65 years, so Color Air was able to hire retired SAS and Braathens pilots. These could be paid only NOK 500,000 in annual wage, since they received a full pension from their old employers on top of	of	ADP	it	PRON	 it
In 1897, a bill was introduced in the Michigan legislature asking for a 10 year closed season on passenger pigeons. Similar legal measures were passed and then disregarded in Pennsylvania. The gestures proved futile, and by the mid 1890s, the passenger pigeon had almost completely	completely	ADV	disappeared	VERB	 disappeared
Edward's rapprochement towards the earl had in fact started earlier, when on 2 November 1313, the king pardoned Arundel's royal debts. The most significant factor in this process though, was the marriage alliance between Arundel and the king's new favourites, the Despensers	Despensers	PROPN	.	PUNCT	.
The film was described as a variant of Enoch Arden by one reviewer, but it differs in its execution. The cast and credits of the film are unknown, but a surviving film still shows the principal characters. The film was released on September 13, 1910	1910	NUM	,	PUNCT	,
If the cloud moved away from his village without discharging hail, it meant that the oblačar had overpowered the aždaja and its retinue. An oblačar in the village of Mirkovci annually received wheat from his co villagers as a reward for his struggle. The men who defended	defended	VERB	their	PRON	 their
Transfer to the Oslo Tramway is possible from Oslo S, Nationaltheatret, Skøyen and Grefsen. At Moss, there is transfer to the Moss – Horten Ferry. Line 450 provides connection to Norway's main international airport, Oslo Airport, Gardermoen. NSB Class 69 is	is	AUX	a	DET	 a
By the end of the day the 2nd Guards Brigade had reached Jajce. The civilian population of Jajce was evacuated when its capture appeared imminent. The 2nd Guards Brigade entered the deserted town, recapturing the townwhich had been lost to the VRS in Operation Vrbas ' 92	92	NUM	,	PUNCT	,
Wait! Best out of three. " The song references drugs both metaphorically and literally, and innocently delivers a transgressive message through the use of simile: " I'm going to do you like drugs tonight ". Miguel said of the song's lyrics, "	"	PUNCT	I	PRON	 I
It took place between Indonesia's declaration of independence in 1945 and the Dutch recognition of Indonesia's independence at the end of 1949. The Indonesian independence movement began in May 1908, which is commemorated as the Tahun Kebangkitan Bangsa (Year of National Awakening). The	The	DET	struggle	NOUN	 struggle
At a shire mustering at Kilpatrick in 1696, MacAulay of Ardincaple was selected as Captain of the company above Leven, with Noble of Ferme, Lieutenant, and Dugald MacFarlane of Tullibintall, Ensign. At the beginning of the 18th century, a group of MacAulays migrated	migrated	VERB	to	ADP	 to
A later review of 16 fatal fires, from the Blackwater fire in 1937 through 1956, led managers of the USFS to implement the Ten Standard Firefighting Orders in 1957, which were later changed to FIREORDERS in 1987, with each letter designating one of the ten orders	orders	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
Prisoners then decided to stage a further protest in the chapel the following day, 1 April. Prison officers had advance warning that an incident would occur in the chapel on 1 April, and security was increased. Extra prison officers were used to escort prisoners to the	the	DET	service	NOUN	 service
Attractions on the coast include the Lynton and Lynmouth Cliff Railway, which connects Lynton to neighbouring picturesque Lynmouth at the confluence of the East Lyn & West Lyn rivers, nearby Valley of Rocks and Watersmeet. Woody Bay, a few miles west of Lynton, is home	home	NOUN	to	ADP	 to
Rashida Jones as Ann Perkins, a nurse who begins a friendship with Leslie after she and her collaborate to turn an empty pit next to Ann's house into a park. She slowly becomes more involved in the Pawnee government due to her friendship with Leslie. Paul	Paul	PROPN	Schneider	PROPN	 Schneider
The visual effects team retouched shots of Los Angeles City Hall — on which construction was completed in 1928 — to remove weathering and newer surrounding architecture. Costume designer Deborah Hopper researched old Sears department store catalogs, back issues of Life magazine, and high school yearbooks to	to	PART	ensure	VERB	 ensure
Captains are generally senior pilots who have previously flown the RAAF's Boeing C 17 Globemaster, Lockheed C 130 Hercules, or Lockheed AP 3C Orion. Their co pilots are new RAAF personnel who have recently graduated from No. 2 Flying Training School, and the crew	crew	NOUN	attendants	NOUN	 attendants
It is also the capital of the West Coast Division of Sabah. The city is located on the northwest coast of Borneo facing the South China Sea. The Tunku Abdul Rahman National Park lies to its west and Mount Kinabalu, which gave the city its name,	,	PUNCT	is	AUX	 is
In the Carpathian Mountains of southern Poland, variants of borscht are also made in which the tart taste comes from fermented milk products, such as whey or buttermilk. Although the deep red color of beetroot borscht may remind those unfamiliar with Polish cuisine of blood, the	the	DET	kind	NOUN	 kind
Pucar referred to the district's insurgents as the " Prijedor Company ", the bulk of which were villagers, numbering several hundred men. Many of them had no firearms. According to Pucar, the Prijedor Company was directed to attack Ljubija. On 30 July,	,	PUNCT	contrary	ADJ	 contrary
" In addition, Grimm says that a wagon was once ascribed to Hel, with which Hel made journeys. Grimm says that Hel is an example of a " half goddess; " " one who can not be shown to be either wife or daughter of a	a	DET	god	PROPN	 god
She also appeared in the 2013 Robert Redford film The Company You Keep and modelled for Guess Kids clothing. Evancho's 2014 album, Awakening, was her fifth consecutive No. 1 release on the Billboard Classical Albums chart. Since then she has toured in support of	of	ADP	Awakening	PROPN	 Awakening
Violence between loyal royal forces, mutinous members of the royal Gardes Françaises and local crowds broke out at Vendôme on 12 July, leading to widespread fighting and the withdrawal of royal forces from the centre of Paris. Revolutionary crowds began to arm themselves during 13 July,	,	PUNCT	looting	VERB	 looting
Following the sale the offices of the LNC, renamed Brookwood Cemetery Ltd at this time, were moved into a small former caretaker's lodge. With little storage space in the new makeshift offices, the majority of the LNC's records were destroyed during the move.	.	PUNCT	Tracts	NOUN	 Tracts
The Manchester Small Scale Experimental Machine (SSEM) was designed to show that the system was a practical storage device, by testing that data held within it could be read and written at the speed necessary for use in a computer. For use in a binary digital	digital	ADJ	computer	NOUN	 computer
The second dorsal fin is about three quarters as high as the first and larger than the anal fin. The caudal fin has a well developed lower lobe and a prominent ventral notch near the tip of the upper lobe; in young sharks the lower caudal fin lobe	lobe	PROPN	is	AUX	 is
He is received by the burgomaster and praised by the minister. By his night's heroism he has made himself a place in history, and will always be known as ' the little hero of Holland. ' " The writer of the scenario is unknown, but	but	CCONJ	it	PRON	 it
Over the next two weeks, the USN used the Scorpio and the Deep Drone ROVs to search the ocean bottom around Ehime Maru for the remains of any of her missing crewmembers, without success. After assessing the technical feasibility and environmental impact of raising Ehime Maru from	from	ADP	the	DET	 the
" Kathryn Hughes, writing in The Guardian, observes that Acton has been set up as " the saint to Mrs Beeton's sinner ", " an Austenish heroine: a stylish Regency spinster, a poet rather than a journalist, a committed cookery writer rather than	than	ADP	an	DET	 an
The stones vary in size from about 1.5 feet (0.46 m) square (Carthage) to about 6 by 8 feet (1.8 m × 2.4 m) (Philadelphia and New York City). Utah contributed one stone as a territory and another as a state	state	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
The University of Michigan Transportation Research Institute and the Life Sciences Institute are located at the university. The Institute for Social Research (ISR), the nation's longest standing laboratory for interdisciplinary research in the social sciences, is home to the Survey Research Center, Research	Research	PROPN	Center	PROPN	 Center
It has also reached the top ten in the United States. The song has received critical acclaim for its fun filled, club friendly nature and is deemed the most memorable and telling song from the album. The associated music video for the song was shot as a	a	DET	mini	ADJ	 mini
Dyer has stated Monroe's star image was created mainly for the male gaze and that she usually played " the girl ", who is defined solely by her gender, in her films. Her roles were almost always chorus girls, secretaries, or models; occupations	occupations	NOUN	where	SCONJ	 where
The flag has to be flown from a staff affixed firmly either on the middle front or to the front right side of the car. When a foreign dignitary travels in a car provided by government, the flag should be flown on the right side of the car	car	NOUN	while	SCONJ	 while
Leaders ' ideological power was based on apparent access to deities and the supernatural. Evidence regarding Norte Chico religion is limited: an image of the Staff God, a leering figure with a hood and fangs, has been found on a gourd dated to 2250 BC.	.	PUNCT	The	DET	 The
It runs from US Highway 131 (US 131) at exit 61 outside of Bradley to M 43 just west of Hastings in the Lower Peninsula. The highway crosses through forest land and provides access to state recreational areas. M 179 has been given the Chief Noonday	Noonday	PROPN	Recreational	PROPN	 Recreational
No fighter seaplanes were ever embarked on Commandant Teste, although the Loire 210 floatplane was designed for the role. However, it proved to be greatly out classed by contemporary land based fighters and only 20 were built in 1939. Commandante Teste served with the Mediterranean Squadron	Squadron	PROPN	upon	SCONJ	 upon
Don Kent went on to team with Bruno Bekkar, and later Johnny Heffernan (a storyline cousin of Roy Heffernan) to keep The Fabulous Kangaroos name alive until 1983. The Fabulous Kangaroos made their last appearance in 1983, but almost a decade later, the then	then	ADV	72	NUM	 72
Up received universal acclaim, with most reviewers commending the humor and heart of the film. Edward Asner was praised for his portrayal of Carl, and a montage of Carl and his wife Ellie aging together was widely lauded. The film received five Academy Award nominations,	,	PUNCT	including	VERB	 including
When Savoy was approached to open a second restaurant in Vegas, he initially said no, until Caesars told him they wanted him to recreate what he had done in Paris with the same ambiance, quality and cuisine. His request was that to maintain quality, the	the	DET	restaurant	NOUN	 restaurant
He made his debut as a 57th minute substitute in a 2 – 2 draw with former club Northwich the following day. His first goal for the club came on his sixth appearance against Tamworth after heading in a Martin Foster corner kick, with the game ending in	in	ADP	a	DET	 a
Time passes and Samus receives a distress signal from a dormant " Bottle Ship, " which floats a short distance away from a Federation vessel. Upon entering the ship, Samus encounters the Galactic Federation 07th Platoon, among which her old colleagues from her military career:	:	PUNCT	commanding	VERB	 commanding
Raphael encounters Casey, who reveals his knowledge of Raphael's double identity and joins him in hunting criminals. Winters, who is actually the still immortal Yaotl, reanimates his generals with his company's advanced technology, but they remain made of stone. Leo returns to	to	ADP	the	DET	 the
Arnold shouted " Not Yet " and shot and killed the solder. He then ran off with his troops with a slightly injured leg. This entire engagement took around fifteen minutes. After encamping for the night just south of Ridgefield, the British forces departed the next	next	ADJ	morning	NOUN	 morning
The next day, Roger calls Ken into his office and bluntly tells Ken to stop writing in his spare time, as he should not be diverting any attention from his job. Roger attempts to create a bond between them, stating they are both " unappreciated authors	authors	NOUN	"	PUNCT	 "
In December 2002 it was scheduled to be broadcast on TVRI in commemoration of Human Rights Day, but pulled at the last minute due to intervention from the military. In 2001, she and her troupe put on Dalam Kegelapan Panjang (In a Long Darkness),	,	PUNCT	which	PRON	 which
AllMusic said that " instead of doing something calculated like emulating Nirvana or Pearl Jam — or for that matter, Nine Inch Nails or Ministry — Slayer wisely refused to sound like anyone but Slayer. Tom Araya and co. responded to the new environment simply by striving to	to	PART	be	AUX	 be
Although the amendment was defeated, a later measure to give women the right to vote in presidential and municipal elections was eventually passed by the state legislature in 1919. In 1917, Dudley became the Third Vice President of the National American Woman Suffrage Association, where she	she	PRON	contributed	VERB	 contributed
If another player in the interim successfully scores exactly 31, and properly announces it, that player wins the game. Any legally made scoring shot entitles a player to continue shooting. The penalty for a foul in the game is a loss of turn, any point	point	NOUN	scoring	NOUN	 scoring
In January 1959 the Alliance Property Company announced the successful takeover of the London Necropolis Company, bringing over a century of independence to an end. Alliance Property was a property company with little interest in the funeral business, and the income from burials was insufficient to maintain	maintain	VERB	the	DET	 the
This small hirundine has grey brown upperparts with a somewhat darker brown head and white underparts heavily streaked with blackish brown from the throat to vent. There is a brownish tint to the breast plumage. The square tail averages 46.8 mm (1.8 in) long and has	has	VERB	white	ADJ	 white
Coconut crabs mate frequently and quickly on dry land in the period from May to September, especially between early June and late August. Male coconut crabs have spermatophores and deposit a mass of spermatophores on the abdomen of the female; the abdomen opens at the base of	of	ADP	the	DET	 the
Kierkegaard also published another discourse during the printing of the second edition of Either / Or in 1849. Kierkegaard ’ s discourse has to do with the difference between wishing and willing in the development of a particular expectancy. " As thought becomes more absorbed in the future	future	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
She attended Camrose Normal School in 1914, after which she taught in Edgerton and near Tofield until 1918. Disillusioned with teaching in rural schoolhouses, she took a business course and began work as a bank teller for the Merchants Bank of Canada, which later merged with	with	ADP	the	DET	 the
His latest album, Tetsuo & Youth, was released in January 2015. In addition to music, Fiasco has pursued other business ventures, including fashion. He runs two clothing lines, Righteous Kung Fu and Trilly & Truly; he has designed sneakers for Reebok.	.	PUNCT	He	PRON	 He
" He would come. He would. Just walk into my life, see me and fall everlastingly in love... I looked forward to a husband who would love me ethereally, spiritually, and on rare (but beautiful) occasions, physically ". Some humorous	humorous	ADJ	and	CCONJ	 and
" Chicago Sun Times writer Thomas Conner gave a negative review of the song, stating, " She collaborated with Eminem this summer on the controversial ' " Love the Way You Lie " ', a song and hotly debated video conflating wild passion with crazed assault.	.	PUNCT	She	PRON	 She
There is also a co operative multiplayer mode, in which two players team up to accomplish various challenges and fight against waves of increasingly difficult enemies in the Roman Colosseum, a gladiator arena setting. The environments of the Colosseum change dynamically in a match to add variety	variety	NOUN	to	ADP	 to
I Am Mariah... The Elusive Chanteuse (2014), and features rapper Wale. The track was released on June 30, 2014, as the fourth single from the album. It was written by Wale, Carey, Jermaine Dupri and Bryan Michael Cox, with	with	ADP	production	NOUN	 production
Hush, Sweet Charlotte (1964). As well as her film career, de Havilland continued her work in the theatre, appearing three times on Broadway, in Romeo and Juliet (1951), Candida (1952), and A Gift of Time (1962	1962	NUM	)	PUNCT	)
The B 52 was designed and built by Boeing, which has continued to provide support and upgrades. It has been operated by the United States Air Force (USAF) since the 1950s. The bomber is capable of carrying up to 70,000 pounds (32,000 kg)	)	PUNCT	of	ADP	 of
" Additionally, Captain Richard R. Fuhs an Operations Officer in the 42nd Security Police Squadron (SPS) stated, "... advised that there had been three verified sightings of an unidentified A / C [aircraft] flying at low level over and in the vicinity of	of	ADP	LAFB	PROPN	 LAFB
When the pair bring Sally inside, the hitchhiker recognizes her and taunts her. The men torment the bound and gagged Sally while Leatherface, now dressed as a woman, serves dinner. Leatherface and the hitchhiker bring Grandpa (John Dugan), one of the desiccated	desiccated	ADJ	bodies	NOUN	 bodies
" Allman had no idea the intro was written in 11 / 4 time — " I just saw it as three sets of three, and then two to jump on the next three sets with " — until his brother pointed it out for him. " My	My	PRON	brother	NOUN	 brother
The roof of the Park Grill, upon which Cloud Gate sits, had to be strong enough to bear the weight. A large retaining wall separating Chicago's Metra train tracks from the North Grant Park garage travels along the back side of the restaurant and supports much	much	ADJ	of	ADP	 of
After negotiations stalled over a demand for amnesty, a rescue operation saved 29 hostages and led to 10 inmate deaths. Eve was critical of Rockefeller's decision to not come observe the prison and the negotiations but rather pursue tactical measures: " I think Governor Rockefeller ought	ought	AUX	to	PART	 to
A second howitzer was turned around 45 minutes later, augmenting the fire of the first. The Americans expended 1,400 rounds at a range of between 45 to 270 metres (49 to 295 yd); however, the weight of fire was insufficient to halt the assaulting	assaulting	VERB	force	NOUN	 force
British comics author Neil Gaiman has said that he included transgender characters in his works, such as Sandman, in response to the lack of realistic representation of such people in comics. Queer theory analyses have noted that LGBT characters in mainstream comic books are often shown as	as	SCONJ	assimilated	VERB	 assimilated
AAS is useful in cases of suspected heavy metal poisoning such as with arsenic, lead, mercury, and cadmium. Determining the concentration of the substance in the sample can determine if heavy metals were the cause of death. Spectroscopy techniques are useful when the sample being	being	AUX	tested	VERB	 tested
The keep comprises a central circular tower, 62 feet (19 m) in diameter, with six, large solid buttresses projecting outwards to form an hexagonal design, unique in England. It was made from magnesian limestone and 28 metres (92 ft) tall with	with	ADP	walls	NOUN	 walls
He begins his theory of evolution with the universe once consisting of equal and similar elements. According to Tusi, internal contradictions began appearing, and as a result, some substances began developing faster and differently from other substances. He then explains how the elements evolved into	into	ADP	minerals	NOUN	 minerals
She divided $300 with Shallenberger and Fuller before they left. However, sheriff's deputies arrived prior to Julian dying, and heard him say, " My wife knows who done this to me, " while she had claimed the two had been killed by unidentified	unidentified	ADJ	assailants	NOUN	 assailants
In February 2009, Mauboy signed with UK record label Ministry of Sound. Been Waiting was released in Japan on 22 April 2009, and reached number 138 on the Japanese Albums Chart. At the 2009 Deadly Awards, Mauboy won three awards in the categories of Female	Female	PROPN	Artist	PROPN	 Artist
On 14 January 1943, he claimed his 150th aerial victory. This led to the presentation of the Picture of the Reichsmarschall in Silver Frame (Bild des Reichsmarschalls i m Silberrahmen) on 16 February 1943. His unit received the Focke Wulf Fw 190 in February 1943	1943	NUM	.	PUNCT	.
In the first match, Tallon played as a batsman while Saggers kept wicket. Saggers scored only eight in Australia's 236 and then took two catches, three stumpings and conceded 13 byes in the innings victory. In the second match in Aberdeen, Saggers was rested	rested	VERB	as	SCONJ	 as
Her music has been well received among conservative commentators and members of the Tea Party movement for its political message. The use of Branch's music in the campaigns of Cain and Santorum has been seen as an indication of its appeal among outsider candidates. She has released	released	VERB	nine	NUM	 nine
The last tunnel in this system was built in 1932. These tunnels drain more than 32 square miles (83 km2), of which 13 square miles (34 km2) contain coal basins. A dam on Nescopeck Creek was destroyed during Hurricane Agnes in 1972.	.	PUNCT	In	ADP	 In
As the Cold War set in, enthusiasm in the United States for an alliance with Britain cooled as well. A September 1949 poll found that 72 per cent of Americans agreed that the United States should not " share our atomic energy secrets with England ". The	The	DET	reputation	NOUN	 reputation
Jeff Rothschild was responsible for Lohan's vocal recording, which occurred at the Henson Recording Studios in Hollywood, California. He also handled the song's mixing, programming and engineering. Other engineers involved were Dave Audé and Mark Valentine. " Over " is written in	in	ADP	the	DET	 the
The vowels in such syllables are usually short; in conversation they may be reduced to [ə], although in careful or formal speech, including on television and radio, they are clearly articulated. An example of such a word is មនុស ្ ស ('	'	PUNCT	person	NOUN	 person
International human rights defenders such as Walter Reich have long recorded the methods by which Soviet psychiatrists in Psikhushka hospitals diagnosed schizophrenia in political dissenters. Western scholars examined no aspect of Soviet psychiatry as thoroughly as its involvement in the social control of political dissenters. As early as	as	ADP	1948	NUM	 1948
After the opening kickoff, Chappell led the Hoosiers on a six minute, 77 yard drive capped by a 5 yard touchdown pass to Duwyce Wilson. Michigan responded less than a minute later on its second play from scrimmage with a 72 yard touchdown run by Denard Robinson	Robinson	PROPN	.	PUNCT	.
V. Rao, Challa Shankar Rao and Tulasi Films acquired the screening rights in Vishakhapatnam, East Godavari district, and West Godavari district. Abhirami Movies acquired the film's Tamil Nadu distribution rights. Errabus acquired the screening rights for the United Kingdom and Europe. Gayathri Films	Films	PROPN	bought	VERB	 bought
Rudolph Cartier had emigrated from Germany in the 1930s to escape its Nazi regime, and joined the staff of the BBC the year before The Quatermass Experiment was made. He collaborated with Kneale on several further productions, and became a major figure in the British television industry	industry	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
The International Code of Botanical Nomenclature permits the recognition of two (or more) names for one and the same organisms, one based on the teleomorph, the other (s) restricted to the anamorph. The anamorphic state of S. coccinea is Molliardiomyces dudleyi. Sarcoscypha	Sarcoscypha	NOUN	dudleyi	NOUN	 dudleyi
In those days, the diamond trade was nearly always combined with the trade in pearls, other articles of luxury, and rarities of every description. Dutch jewelers found a ready market for their valuable wares at the Dutch imperial court and the smaller German courts. This	This	DET	realm	NOUN	 realm
Louis's separate ducal court was first mentioned in a royal charter of 1340. Charles I died on 16 July 1342. Five days later, Csanád Telegdi, Archbishop of Esztergom, crowned Louis king with the Holy Crown of Hungary in Székesfehérvár. Although Louis had attained	attained	VERB	the	DET	 the
The chassis bottoms are also engraved differently from the 2010 models. The Thunderbolt serial bus platform can achieve speeds of up to 10 Gbit / s, which is up to twice as fast as the USB 3.0 specification, 20 times faster than the USB 2.0 specification,	,	PUNCT	and	CCONJ	 and
In 1962, all Grosset & Dunlap books become " picture covers ", books with artwork and advertising printed directly on their covers, as opposed to books with a dust jacket over a tweed volume. The change was to reduce production costs. Several of the 1930s	1930s	NOUN	and	CCONJ	 and
Du Bois and his supporters opposed the Atlanta compromise, an agreement crafted by Booker T. Washington which provided that Southern blacks would work and submit to white political rule, while Southern whites guaranteed that blacks would receive basic educational and economic opportunities. Instead, Du Bois insisted	insisted	VERB	on	ADP	 on
" Tension developed between Roosevelt and Barkley during the war, however. In 1943, Roosevelt refused to appoint Barkley to a vacancy on the Supreme Court, and Barkley criticized the War Production Board for awarding contracts for the production of war related materials to large companies rather	rather	ADV	than	ADP	 than
The men were rescued. The ship was particularly popular in New Zealand, where crowds flocked to visit her as they had done in 1913. Jellicoe, too, was popular and he later returned to New Zealand to serve as Governor General from 1920 to 1924.	.	PUNCT	The	DET	 The
Ann C. Crispin's novel The Hutt Gambit (1997) explains how Jabba the Hutt and Han Solo become business associates and portrays the events that lead to a bounty being placed on Han's head. Other Expanded Universe stories — especially the anthology of Dark Horse comics	comics	NOUN	by	ADP	 by
This Progress spacecraft remained undocked for the duration of STS 97, parked in orbit about a mile away from the station. It docked manually again with the station on 26 December by Gidzenko, after Endeavour left. The automatic docking system for this Progress spacecraft had failed	failed	VERB	on	ADP	 on
Music writer Bill Dahl described the songs as " the first sign of the T Bone Walker that blues guitar aficionados know and love, his fluid, elegant riffs and mellow, burnished vocals setting a standard that all future blues guitarists would measure themselves by ". Shortly	Shortly	ADV	thereafter	ADV	 thereafter
Article 6 of the European Convention of Human Rights, to which Australia is not a party, also guarantees that defendants should be provided with legal aid " when the interests of justice so require ". Australia has not incorporated the ICCPR into its domestic law with any	any	DET	specific	ADJ	 specific
" Director of photography Bill Roe later stated that he borrowed motifs from Steven Soderbergh's 2000 film Traffic for some of the shots. In addition, before filming, he decided to do various test shots to get the lighting right. The crew ended up shooting "	"	PUNCT	exteriors	NOUN	 exteriors
The issues in this internal split were the same issues raised in the internal split within the Communist League. Marx, however, lost the fight with the Schapper / Willich faction within the German Workers ' Educational Society and, on 17 September 1850, resigned from the	the	DET	Society	PROPN	 Society
Bush entered office with the Dow Jones Industrial Average at 10,587, and the average peaked in October 2007 at over 14,000. When Bush left office, the average was at 7,949, one of the lowest levels of his presidency. Unemployment originally rose from 4.2 percent in	in	ADP	January	PROPN	 January
His was awarded the Vezina Trophy for the most outstanding goaltender by the NHL general managers, but he was second in the voting to Luc Robitaille for the Calder Memorial Trophy, awarded to the " player selected as the most proficient in his first year of competition "	"	PUNCT	.	PUNCT	.
Due to misunderstandings caused by the 2009 publication of the star's 15% contraction, Betelgeuse has frequently been the subject of scare stories and rumors suggesting that it will explode within a year, leading to exaggerated claims about the consequences of such an event. The timing	timing	NOUN	and	CCONJ	 and
District affiliated congregations are under the direct supervision of district officials but are encouraged to develop into fully self governing churches. In 2009, the General Council created a new category called " parent affiliated churches ". These are either church plants or campuses of a multi site	site	NOUN	church	NOUN	 church
The idea for the ending of the episode was to have none of the characters learn anything from the experience. Matt Groening, the creator of The Simpsons, felt that Jessica Lovejoy was hard to draw in his own style but at the same time make her attractive	attractive	ADJ	.	PUNCT	.
The crew consisted of 39 officers and enlisted men. The boats were powered by a Parsons steam turbine driving two propellers, using steam generated by two Yarrow water tube boilers, one of which burned fuel oil and the other coal. The turbine was rated at 5,000	5,000	NUM	shp	NOUN	 shp
Additional polar bear hunting was filmed in March 1933 off Cape Lisburne. The bowhead whale hunt was filmed from late April to July 1933 in two locations: Off Point Hope, Alaska, and off Cape Serdtse Kamen on the Chukchi Peninsula. The whale hunting shoot took	took	VERB	nearly	ADV	 nearly
Without analyzing the film in detail, Isaac Asimov spoke well of Space Odyssey in his autobiography, and other essays. The film won the Hugo Award for best dramatic presentation, an award heavily voted on by science fiction fans and published science fiction writers. James P.	P.	PROPN	Hogan	PROPN	 Hogan
As part of post war reclamation, the old pier was demolished. Work commenced in February 1954 on a new pier on the new waterfront designed in a modern utilitarian style. The structure was described as a U shaped plan, with an open sided superstructure. It	It	PRON	consisted	VERB	 consisted
In the eight round of the competition Dzinziruk scored a knockdown. The three judges gave the fight a score of 115 112 in favor of Dzinziruk thus making him the new WBO champion. On October 6, 2007 Santos returned to action following a period of fifteen months	months	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
Retro Gamer took a look back at Ninja Gaiden in its March 2004 issue, in the midst of the release of the 2004 Xbox remake. They said that the game broke the mold of conventional video game titles by including a plot with cinematic cutscenes added between gameplay	gameplay	NOUN	segments	NOUN	 segments
The commissioners are elected county wide, in staggered terms, and each serves a four year term. One of the commissioners, typically the most senior, serves as president. The commissioners are charged with executing the acts legislated by the council, collecting revenue and managing	managing	VERB	day	NOUN	 day
That's what converted me. When I read that in the report in the courtroom in Toronto, I became a hard core disbeliever ". In addition, Irving was influenced to embrace Holocaust denial by the American historian Arno J. Mayer's 1988 book Why Did the	the	DET	Heavens	PROPN	 Heavens
Cooper retires to bed at his hotel room, and experiences a strange dream featuring the one armed man, who identifies himself as MIKE, and BOB, who vows to " kill again ". Cooper then dreams he is in a room hung with red curtains.	.	PUNCT	The	DET	 The
After peak intensity, Hermine weakened slightly to a 65 mph (105 km / h) tropical storm. At 1200 UTC on September 24, the storm made landfall near Coatzacoalcos, Veracruz, Mexico. Hermine steadily weakened inland and by late 1500 UTC on September 25	25	NUM	,	PUNCT	,
The reverse side of the flag had the Großkreuz des Eisernen Kreuzes (" Grand Cross of the Iron Cross ") surrounded by a wreath between four Luftwaffe eagles. The flag was carried by a personal standard bearer at all public occasions. Though he liked to be	be	AUX	called	VERB	 called
Following a banked left turn, the train makes a quick drop before entering the final brake run leading back to the station. One cycle of the ride lasts about three and a half minutes. The steel track of Goliath is approximately 4,480 feet (1,370 m)	)	PUNCT	long	ADV	 long
Unibody construction first went into mass production in the 1934 Citroën Traction Avant, the 1936 Lincoln Zephyr, and the 1941 Nash 600. It came into popular use until the 1950s. Unibody construction differs from the traditional " coachwork on chassis " design in that it integrates	integrates	VERB	much	ADJ	 much
The bowlers agreed they could, and that it might prove effective. Jardine also visited Frank Foster who had toured Australia in 1911 – 12 to discuss field placing in Australia. Foster had bowled leg theory on that tour with his fielders placed close in on the leg	leg	NOUN	side	NOUN	 side
Two hundred emergency personnel responded to the storm. Consolidated Edison (conEdison) crews were sent out to repair downed power lines and clear roads. By the next night, power was restored to all but 600 of the previous 10,000 residences without power in Westchester. Westchester	Westchester	PROPN	County	PROPN	 County
In a subsequent 3 – 2 loss against the Bridgeport Sound Tigers on November 5, the Bears allowed a season high 11 power plays, four of which were five on three. Hershey had 50 total penalty minutes in the game, compared to 115 minutes total in	in	ADP	their	PRON	 their
Then Yertle decides to expand his kingdom and commands more and more turtles to add to his throne. Mack makes a second request for a respite because the increased weight is now causing extreme pain to the turtles at the bottom of the pile, as well as hunger	hunger	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
Many of Waugh's friends and admirers gave the book unstinting praise, among them Rebecca West, Lady Diana Cooper, Desmond MacCarthy and Hilaire Belloc. Among those less enthusiastic were the novelist J.B. Priestley, who found the characters lightweight and uninvolving, and the devoutly Catholic	Catholic	PROPN	Katharine	PROPN	 Katharine
She was part of the junior national team again in 2011 and in July, she was invited to be part of the training squad for the junior national squad that was training in Perth in preparation for the Junior World Championships. She was a member of the Australian	Australian	ADJ	side	NOUN	 side
Stewart commented, " Baconnaise, for people who want to get heart disease but, you know, too lazy to actually make bacon. " In 2010, Jon Stewart again lampooned Baconnaise with a fake clip of the billboard in Times Square that drew a response from	from	ADP	J	PROPN	 J
The newly formed 40th Reconnaissance Squadron manned the bombers. One B 17 turned back, but two made it to Del Monte Field on 16 March, landing in the dark on a runway lit by flares. Lieutenant Frank P. Bostrom, the pilot of the first plane	plane	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
This condition is believed to be due to calcification of the arteries resulting in abnormally high blood pressure readings with a blood pressure cuff while intra arterial measurements of blood pressure are normal. Orthostatic hypertension is when blood pressure increases upon standing. Once the diagnosis of hypertension has	has	AUX	been	AUX	 been
The Igbo were known by planters and slavers of the American South for being fiercely independent and resistant to chattel slavery. The group of 75 Igbo slaves were bought by agents of John Couper and Thomas Spalding for forced labor on their plantations in St. Simons Island for $	$	SYM	100	NUM	100
The site chosen was Rackhay Yard, a roughly rectangular empty site behind a row of medieval houses and to one side of the Coopers ' Hall. Two (and possibly three) new passageways built through the ground floor of the houses fronting King Street gave access to	to	ADP	Rackhay	PROPN	 Rackhay
He received enormous acclaim for his recordings with legendary flamenco singer Camarón de la Isla in the 1970s, recording ten albums which are considered some of the most important and influential in flamenco history. His recording of Joaquin Rodrigio's Concierto De Aranjuez in a flamenco style is	is	AUX	often	ADV	 often
Other musicians have also adapted elements from Led Zeppelin's attitude to clothes, jewellery and hair, such as the hipster flares and tight band T shirts of Kings of Leon, shaggy hair, clingy T shirts and bluesman hair of Jack White of the White Stripes,	,	PUNCT	and	CCONJ	 and
The final game was in Belfast against Northern Ireland during a tense period of The Troubles. Jimmy Quinn put Northern Ireland into the lead on 74 minutes, but four minutes later Alan McLoughlin scored the equalising goal to allow the Republic of Ireland to secure second place in	in	ADP	the	DET	 the
He was nevertheless nominated to the New South Wales Legislative Council in 1895 by the Free Trade Premier, George Reid. He continued his support of free trade policies, but differentiated himself from his colleagues by firmly opposing restrictions on Asian immigration. He had expressed regret concerning	concerning	VERB	the	DET	 the
It was written by the show creators David Benioff and D. B. Weiss, and directed by Tim Van Patten. Nearly all the action of the episode happens during travel: Eddard Stark and his daughters accompany the king's entourage to King's Landing to occupy the post	post	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
Ballistics took cues from other futuristic racing games, such as WipEout and Rollcage, emulating the fun and the speed whilst taking it even further with high end graphics. The graphics engine used to power the game was christened the Diesel Engine. Grin developed this engine for	for	ADP	flexibility	NOUN	 flexibility
According to the art historian Justin Wintle, " a single horizontal diagonal rhythm [leads] us from the dead at the bottom left, to the living at the apex. " Two other diagonal lines are used to heighten the dramatic tension. One follows the mast	mast	NOUN	and	CCONJ	 and
Kirkus reviews said, " The sardonic tone of the narrator's voice lends a refreshing air of realism to this riotously paced quest tale of heroism that questions the realities of our world, family, friendship and loyalty. " Eoin Colfer, author of Artemis Fowl called	called	VERB	it	PRON	 it
Extension of the Metrolink network was intended to be continuous with successive expansion phases delivered in strict order of priority. GMPTE wanted to repeat its " success " with Phase 1 by converting other parts of Greater Manchester's under utilised suburban rail network. However, changes in	in	ADP	circumstances	NOUN	 circumstances
The show is a lavish event with elaborate costumed lingerie, varying music by leading entertainers, and set design according to the different themes running within the show. The show attracts hundreds of celebrities and entertainers, with special performers and acts every year. Each year,	,	PUNCT	twenty	NUM	 twenty
The real Dean shoots his doppelganger with a shotgun, but he returns to life as a demon. The Dream Dean taunts him that he can not escape his fate, and reminds him that exposure to Hell will transform him into a demon. Elsewhere, Sam finds	finds	VERB	and	CCONJ	 and
US made aluminum cylinders usually have a standard working pressure of 3,000 pounds per square inch (210 bar), and the compact aluminum range have a working pressure of 3,300 pounds per square inch (230 bar). Some steel cylinders manufactured to US standards are permitted	permitted	VERB	to	PART	 to
Headshrinker Samu was eliminated first after he bit several of the balloons being carried by his opponents. He was purposely offered one more balloon by the Doinks, which he willfully bit into. Samu was stunned to find out that the balloon was full of water, which	which	PRON	caused	VERB	 caused
More film roles promptly followed, with appearances in the studio production My New Gun, and a small role in the comedy Leap of Faith, starring Steve Martin. Following these roles, he gained attention playing a spoiled student in the Oscar winning Al Pacino film Scent	Scent	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
Discussing the subsequent film version, Pauline Kael wrote that Leigh and Marlon Brando gave " two of the greatest performances ever put on film " and that Leigh's was " one of those rare performances that can truly be said to evoke both fear and pity. "	"	PUNCT	Her	PRON	 Her
The phrase is attributed to advertising agent and Liberal parliamentary candidate Adrian Slade. The slogan was memorable, but considered uninspiring. Future Liberal Party leader David Steel called the whole campaign " a slightly less successful re run of February. " In the October 1974 general election	election	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
Because of its diverse elements, the film has defied efforts at genre classification, being variously referred to as a film noir, a horror film, a Künstlerroman, and a buddy film. The feel of the Hotel Earle was central to the development of the story	story	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
" However, as the series progresses, Tom's inventions " show an increasingly independent genius as he develops devices, such as an electric rifle and a photo telephone, further removed from the scientific norm ". Some of Tom's inventions are improvements of then current	current	ADJ	technologies	NOUN	 technologies
After the sailboat, Larson's pattern play became more accurate, as he hit his target squares each time he spun. Tomarken was increasingly astounded that Larson was still spinning despite not having seen a Whammy for so long. At the point where he exceeded $36,000	36,000	NUM	,	PUNCT	,
" She strongly defended her position on abortion, which earned her applause and a respectful reply from her opponent. In the days leading up to the debate, Second Lady of the United States Barbara Bush had publicly referred to Ferraro as " that four million dollar —	—	PUNCT	I	PRON	 I
In contrast to his on field success Taylor was already developing a reputation for recklessness off the field; after nearly getting killed during the season when his speeding resulted in a car crash, Young told the team's trainer he would be surprised if the linebacker lived past	past	ADP	the	DET	 the
This finding refutes previous claims that a male frog will clasp any proximate female with no regard to whether the female has consented. These male and female behaviors cause male to male competition to be high within the bullfrog population and sexual selection for the females to be an	an	DET	intense	ADJ	 intense
In 2011 Batwoman gained her own title as part of The New 52 DC comics relaunch. This makes her the first LGBT character to headline a monthly series in the DC Universe. In 2006, Gail Simone brought back the Secret Six as a team of villains with	with	ADP	new	ADJ	 new
The Soviet Union became a member on 18 September 1934, and was expelled on 14 December 1939 for invading Finland. In expelling the Soviet Union, the League broke its own rule: only 7 of 15 members of the Council voted for expulsion (United Kingdom,	,	PUNCT	France	PROPN	 France
Afterwards, while Inglis was critical of the conduct of the brigades and laid primary blame for the failure on them and the lack of armour, he overlooked the influence of his own role as divisional commander on the outcome of the battle. An attack mounted a few	few	ADJ	days	NOUN	 days
The generic name derives from the Greek trichos / τριχος " hair " and loma / λωμα " hem ", " fringe ", or " border ". Common names include striped tricholoma, spotted tricholoma, tiger tricholoma, poison trich, leopard knight, and tigertop	tigertop	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
The next day, after spending the night in a cell, Mario begins his adventure to find a way to clear his name and locate the real criminal, while restoring tranquility and order to Isle Delfino. After defeating another slime covered Piranha Plant and a sunken statue	statue	NOUN	rises	VERB	 rises
The British historian David Pryce Jones in a book review of The Trail of the Fox in the edition of 12 November 1977 of The New York Times Book Review accused Irving of taking everything Hitler had to say at face value. In 1978, Irving released The War	War	PROPN	Path	PROPN	 Path
For example, when a man sold his wife at the Shoulder of Mutton and Cucumber in Yapton in 1898, the purchaser paid 7s. 6d. (£40 in 2016) and 1 imperial quart (1.1 l) of beer. A sale a century earlier	earlier	ADV	in	ADP	 in
In 2005, Madonna performed " Ray of Light " during the Live 8 benefit concert. She later performed the song at the 2006 Coachella Valley Music and Arts Festival in Indio, California. During her 2006 Confessions Tour, Madonna included a rock version of " Ray	Ray	PROPN	of	ADP	 of
While some of the production is for forcing, most is for dry bulb production. Bulb production and forcing occurs in the East, while production in the south west is mainly for outdoor flower production. The farm gate value was estimated at £10 m in 2007	2007	NUM	.	PUNCT	.
The town has a population of around 56,500 and is the administrative centre of Tunbridge Wells Borough and the UK parliamentary constituency of Tunbridge Wells. In the United Kingdom, Royal Tunbridge Wells has a reputation as being the archetypal conservative " Middle England " town, a stereotype	stereotype	NOUN	that	PRON	 that
This resulted in a final vote count of 303 to 308 against union representation. UFCW Local 431 held a second vote at the West Liberty plant on July 15, 2005. The vote was 231 to 322 against unionization. In 2009, the company paid US $	$	SYM	58,613.75	NUM	58,613.75
He made a further three appearances during the 2002 – 03 season, keeping a clean sheet in a 1 – 0 win over Mansfield Town. At the end of the season, Julian signed a new contract with Brentford, keeping him contracted to the club until 2005	2005	NUM	.	PUNCT	.
As they are presenting their grievances, the Duke suffers a fatal heart attack. Süß is taken into custody by the rebels and subjected to a lengthy trial on charges that include treason and financial improprieties. However, he is ultimately convicted primarily on the charge that he	he	PRON	had	VERB	 had
It may demand more effort on the part of the listener than other types of music. Musicians in progressive rock typically display a high degree of instrumental skill, although this is not always the case. Virtuoso instrumental skills are so closely associated with progressive rock that authors	authors	NOUN	such	ADJ	 such
Before he left for Cranfield Braham was involved in another car accident which removed him from duty. He was injured when the Austin 7 in which he was travelling left the road at speed. He had been on a night out celebrating his success. The five passengers	passengers	NOUN	(	PUNCT	 (
During his years at Cambridge, his younger brother John acquired a job at the Board of Trade, which oversaw British colonial affairs, and rapidly rose in the bureaucracy. The brothers were influential supporters of each other in their efforts to advance. John secured a job	job	NOUN	for	ADP	 for
He scored his first goal at the higher level on 31 July 2001, in a postponed game from the first round of the season, which finished in a 4 – 1 victory against Thun. However, Vaduz finished in 11th place in the Fall Season, before	before	SCONJ	results	NOUN	 results
After Warren Spector released Ultima Underworld II with Origin Systems in January 1993, he began to plan Troubleshooter, the game that would become Deus Ex. Noting his wife's fascination with The X Files, he connected the " real world, millennial weirdness, [and	and	CCONJ	]	X	]
The death of the pope is verified by the Cardinal Camerlengo, or Chamberlain, who traditionally performed the task by gently striking the pope's head with a small silver hammer and calling out his Christian (not papal) name three times. During the 20th century the	the	DET	use	NOUN	 use
Steering currents collapsed, and the system drifted between Ulithi and Yap for the next couple of days. By the morning of June 21, the system had strengthened into a tropical storm. The system drifted north to northwest, then northeast towards Guam. Ruby waited to	to	PART	detach	VERB	 detach
" Garran accompanied Hughes and Joseph Cook (then the Minister for the Navy) to the 1917 and 1918 meetings of the Imperial War Cabinet in London, United Kingdom, and was also part of the British Empire delegation to the 1919 Paris Peace Conference in Paris,	,	PUNCT	France	PROPN	 France
And he said, ' I'm just warning you that you've got to be prepared, that things might change dramatically and you could become President. ' And I said, ' Betty, I don't think we're ever going to live in the vice	vice	NOUN	president	NOUN	 president
The relationship between Bradman and his wider family is less clear, although nine months after Bradman's death, his nephew Paul Bradman criticised him as a " snob " and a " loner " who forgot his connections in Bowral and who failed to attend the funerals of	of	ADP	Paul	PROPN	 Paul
The electrical (as opposed to galvanic) machines then available were friction operated electrostatic generators consisting of a rotating glass disc or cylinder on which silk flaps were allowed to drag as the glass rotated. These machines had to be hand turned during treatment, but it was	was	AUX	possible	ADJ	 possible
" Estimates of the number of striking workers across the U.S. range from 300,000 to half a million. In New York City the number of demonstrators was estimated at 10,000 and in Detroit at 11,000. In Milwaukee, Wisconsin, some 10,000 workers turned out. In Chicago	Chicago	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
Arsenal missed a penalty, and the third Division team went a goal up in the first half; Arsenal were playing so poorly that it seemed they would struggle even for a draw. The turnaround in the match occurred when Cliff Bastin took over from Bobby Davidson at	at	ADP	the	DET	 the
Louis XVIII chose many centrist cabinets, as he wanted to appease the populace, much to the dismay of his brother, the ultra royalist Count of Artois. Louis always dreaded the day he would die, believing that his brother, and heir, Artois, would	would	AUX	abandon	VERB	 abandon
In Chinese astronomy, most of the stars of Serpens represented part of a wall surrounding a marketplace, known as Tianshi, which was in Ophiuchus and part of Hercules. Serpens also contains a few Chinese constellations. Two stars in the tail represented part of Shilou,	,	PUNCT	the	DET	 the
At about the same time, Winnie Johnson sent Hindley another letter, again pleading with her to assist the police in finding the body of her son Keith. In the letter, Johnson was sympathetic to Hindley over the criticism surrounding her first visit. Hindley, who	who	PRON	had	AUX	 had
He was pleased to have received the role, saying that his children were impressed with the new part and praised the mythos of the show saying, " The great strength of ' Star Trek ' is its epic, classic feel. For an actor of my background	background	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
Allosteric enzymes include mammalian tyrosyl tRNA synthetase, which shows negative cooperativity, and bacterial aspartate transcarbamoylase and phosphofructokinase, which show positive cooperativity. Cooperativity is surprisingly common and can help regulate the responses of enzymes to changes in the concentrations of their substrates. Positive cooperativity makes enzymes	enzymes	NOUN	much	ADV	 much
It was home to the Pittsburgh Pirates of Major League Baseball (MLB) and the Pittsburgh Steelers of the National Football League (NFL). Built as a replacement for Forbes Field, which opened in 1909, the US $55 million ($354.9 million today	today	NOUN	)	PUNCT	)
He was commissioned as a second lieutenant in the Worcestershire Regiment in July 1916. He was taken a prisoner of war on the Western Front in Flanders in August 1917 and was held at Holzminden prisoner of war camp, where he remained until December 1918. While imprisoned	imprisoned	VERB	,	PUNCT	,
The battleship's main advantage was its 12 inch heavy guns, and heavier armour designed to protect from shells of similar size. However, for a few years after 1900 it seemed that those advantages were of little practical value. The torpedo now had a range of	of	ADP	2,000	NUM	 2,000
The scene introducing O'Hara was filmed as part of the fourth episode, " Woman Seeking Dead Husband: Smokers Okay, No Pets ", but was added to the installment because of the need to bring in the character. It was also used for Lawson's audition	audition	NOUN	for	ADP	 for
On the next day, the JTWC estimated the cyclone attained peak winds of 205 km / h (125 mph), after Edwina developed a well defined 75 km (47 mi) wide eye. On January 26, the MFR estimated that the cyclone reached peak	peak	NOUN	10	NUM	 10
As Hollister, Batman travels to Udon Khai, where he meets Rhama, a local translator hired by Alfred. Rhama shows Hollister life in Udon Khai and how the child sex tourism has affected its population. Saying Hollister sent him, Batman introduces himself to Rhama.	.	PUNCT	Batman	PROPN	 Batman
As there are separate sets of locks for upstream and downstream traffic, this system is more water efficient than bi directional staircase locks. In addition to the canal locks, there is a ship lift, a kind of elevator for vessels. The ship lift can lift	lift	VERB	ships	NOUN	 ships
Abra penned a post it note bearing a brief message of goodbye to Kyla, and fled the country, leaving her devastated. Abra returned yet again to Holby in episode " The Human Jungle ". Initially, Kyla was furious with him, and resisted his attempts	attempts	NOUN	to	PART	 to
It is uncertain whether these volumetric changes are progressive or exist prior to the onset of the disease. These differences have been linked to the neurocognitive deficits often associated with schizophrenia. Because neural circuits are altered, it has alternatively been suggested that schizophrenia should be thought of	of	ADP	as	ADP	 as
Under his stewardship, the Imperial University was given a formal examination system whereby candidates would take exams on different classics over a period of years in order to gain entrance into public office. Despite these positive reforms, Liang Ji was widely accused of corruption and greed.	.	PUNCT	Yet	ADV	 Yet
The English writer Sir Hamon L ' Estrange witnessed a live bird in London and described it as follows: About 1638, as I walked London streets, I saw the picture of a strange looking fowle hung out upon a clothe and myselfe with one or two more	more	ADJ	in	ADP	 in
Here, eukaryotes engulfed a eukaryotic algae that developed into a " second generation " plastid. This is known as secondary endosymbiosis. Bacteria display a wide diversity of shapes and sizes, called morphologies. Bacterial cells are about one tenth the size of eukaryotic cells and are	are	AUX	typically	ADV	 typically
The intricate sculptural detailing on the doors, jambs, lintels, walls, shikharas, and column capitals on the main shrine and other smaller temples consist of figurines of gods and goddesses such as Shiva, Parvati, Laksmi and Saraswati, and floral designs. In particular	particular	ADJ	,	PUNCT	,
In his autobiography, Rodgers wrote of the effect the success of Flower Drum Song had on his state of mind: The entire experience of working on Flower Drum Song was rewarding in many ways, not the least of which was that it convinced me that I had	had	AUX	overcome	VERB	 overcome
For example, taking from the third season finale in which Dean is sent to Hell, Cortese portrayed the character as having some guilt over his death, even though Ruby was not responsible for it. The actress also acknowledged that Ruby was likely manipulating Sam when she	she	PRON	claimed	VERB	 claimed
On Sunday morning, December 21, 1958, President Eisenhower's press secretary, James Hagerty, issued a press release announcing that a new reverse design for the cent would begin production on January 2, 1959. The new design, by Frank Gasparro, had been	been	AUX	developed	VERB	 developed
The Hokies struggled back in the third quarter, scoring six unanswered points to close the score to 35 – 16. In the fourth quarter, however, Tennessee answered Virginia Tech's effort with 10 points, putting the game out of reach for the Hokies, who	who	PRON	managed	VERB	 managed
She went on to appear in 35 films with Chaplin over eight years; the pair also formed a romantic relationship that lasted into 1917. Chaplin asserted a high level of control over his pictures, and started to put more time and care into each film. There	There	PRON	was	VERB	 was
To suggest the dynasty owed its accession to murder would have been less than sensitive. On the other hand, Nerva lacked widespread support in the Empire, and as a known Flavian loyalist, his track record would not have recommended him to the conspirators. The precise	precise	ADJ	facts	NOUN	 facts
[...] The humor that is derived from the multiple movie and literary parodies was enough to leave a last impression on us as an audience — and who doesn't like a robot whose primary function is to find donuts? " Writing for the Star Tribune,	,	PUNCT	Neal	PROPN	 Neal
That year, Brunson led Stevenson to the March 16, 2013 IHSA Class 4A championship game against Jabari Parker and Kendrick Nunn's three time defending state champion Simeon Career Academy, where he got the Simeon backcourt in foul trouble in the first half before being held to	to	ADP	one	NUM	 one
The mantled howler is the most folivorous species of Central American monkey. Leaves make up between almost 50% and 75% of the mantled howler's diet. The mantled howler is selective about the trees it eats from, and it prefers young leaves to mature leaves	leaves	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
Additional instrumental tracks with guitars and percussion were included by Leonard and Bray later. Regarding the development of the music for the film, Madonna further explained " I had some very specific ideas in mind, music that would stand on its own as well as support and	and	CCONJ	enhance	VERB	 enhance
In places where vowels are paired, the right represents a rounded vowel (in which the lips are rounded) while the left is its unrounded counterpart. Diphthongs are typically specified with a non syllabic diacritic, as in 〈 uɪ ̯ 〉 or 〈 u ̯ ɪ	ɪ	PROPN	〉	PROPN	 〉
He volunteered to organize Scouting in America and was told that he could use their manual. While Boyce's original account does not mention fog, a 1928 account says there was fog. Climatologists report no fog on that day in London. The Boy Scouts of America	America	PROPN	was	AUX	 was
The characters as a chorus sing " The curtains close on a kiss, God knows / We can tell the end is near ", moments before Buffy runs out to kiss Spike and the show closes with actual curtains. As Spike and Buffy kiss, a swell	swell	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
There is some variation in the story to how exactly this transition came about in the historical records of Chamba. One version tells how Varman, who, after being childless for a significant period, was blessed with ten sons and a daughter, named " Champavati "	"	PUNCT	.	PUNCT	.
In those with calcium stones, drinking lots of fluids, thiazide diuretics and citrate are effective as is allopurinol in those with high uric acid levels in the blood or urine. Specific therapy should be tailored to the type of stones involved. Diet can have a profound	profound	ADJ	influence	NOUN	 influence
The recreational area encompassing the lake includes camping, picnicking, boating, fishing and a variety of hiking trails. Motorcyclists refer to the area as the starting point of " The Georgia Triangle ", a scenic riding circuit beginning on Highway 180. The small lake is	is	AUX	a	DET	 a
The Mets won the opener, 1 – 0, to move within two games back with five remaining to play. However, the Phillies effectively ended their season on September 29. As the Cardinals swept a doubleheader from the Montréal Expos, the Phillies ' Don Carman	Carman	PROPN	pitched	VERB	 pitched
While " something appeared to be missing from a lot of his Atlas work: enthusiasm, " Williamson's Atlas Westerns, at least, " form a strongly consistent body of work, characterized by minimal to nonexistent action, a preponderance of closeups and reaction shots,	,	PUNCT	and	CCONJ	 and
The city's economy also contains a large retail component at places such as Lynnhaven Mall. Major companies headquartered in Virginia Beach include Amerigroup, the Christian Broadcasting Network, Operation Blessing International, and Stihl (American headquarters). Other major employers include GEICO, VT and	and	CCONJ	Navy	PROPN	 Navy
The cast also included Maggie Gyllenhaal, Mamie Gummer, Denis O'Hare, and George Morfogen. The production, directed by Austin Pendleton, began previews on January 17 and ended its limited run on March 1. Joe Dziemianowicz of the New York Daily News gave the production	production	NOUN	one	NUM	 one
Reuben Boise was born in Blandford, Massachusetts, on June 9, 1819, to Reuben Boise and Sally Putnam Boise. He attended Williams College in Williamstown, Massachusetts, graduating with honors in 1843 with a Bachelor of Arts degree. Upon graduation, he moved to	to	ADP	Missouri	PROPN	 Missouri
Despite the increased number of buys, the event received generally negative reviews, with reviewers criticising the undercard of the show as being " weak " and consisting of " filler " material. In late 2009, World Wrestling Entertainment (WWE) held a poll on their	their	PRON	official	ADJ	 official
From the beginning, Parsons wanted Norman Ramsey as the head of the delivery group. Edward L. Bowles, the scientific adviser to the Secretary of War, Henry L. Stimson, was reluctant to part with Ramsey, but gave way under pressure from Groves, Tolman and	and	CCONJ	Bush	PROPN	 Bush
No longer bound to any team, Stuart joined the Wanderers; his first game with the team was watched by 6,069 fans. He took part in the Wanderers ' Stanley Cup challenge against the New Glasgow Cubs, a team from Nova Scotia, on December 27 and	and	CCONJ	29	NUM	 29
The Electric Playground's Victor Lucas gave top marks, remarking " The experience of playing RR supersedes the thrills generally attributed to playing other racing video games ", and further commented " I really can't stress enough how deserving of your video game dollars Ridge Racer is	is	AUX	"	PUNCT	 "
The teams entering the race were: The starting peloton did include the previous year's winner Gianni Bugno. He also stated that Claudio Chiappucci would likely contend for the overall crown due to his good form coming into the race. According to Paolo Viberti of El País	País	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
$56). The end user license agreement (EULA) for StarCraft II differs significantly from those of Blizzard's earlier titles in that buying the game only grants the buyer a license to play, while the game itself remains the property of Blizzard. Any breach	breach	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
In 1891, a racecourse was opened on farmland at Gatwick. Built to replace a steeplechase course at Waddon near Croydon in Surrey, it was used for both steeplechase and flat racing, and held the Grand National during the years of the First World War. The	The	DET	course	NOUN	 course
As part of efforts to sign Girl's Tyme to a major label record deal, Frager's strategy was to debut them in Star Search, the biggest talent show on national TV at that time. They participated, but lost the competition. To manage the group	group	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
Harrison designed the component values of this filter to have a specific passband corresponding to the desired audio passband (in this case 100 Hz to 6 kHz) and a flat response. Translating these electrical element values back into mechanical quantities provided specifications for the mechanical components in	in	ADP	terms	NOUN	 terms
A comparison of mineralogical composition, smelting and forging techniques, and earlier typological analysis indicates that the gold used to make the inscribed ring, classified as Celto Germanic, is neither as pure as that of the Graeco Roman, nor as alloyed as that found in the	the	DET	Polychrome	PROPN	 Polychrome
The GHRS was a spectrograph designed to operate in the ultraviolet. It was built by the Goddard Space Flight Center and could achieve a spectral resolution of 90,000. Also optimized for ultraviolet observations were the FOC and FOS, which were capable of the highest spatial resolution of	of	ADP	any	DET	 any
Although this is one of the earliest examples of architecture at Tikal, this platform began to take on its final form around AD 100 when the first versions of the three temples 5D 84, 5D 86 and 5D 88 were built upon the basal platform. In the	the	DET	5th	ADJ	 5th
Arms were given to many kings predating heraldry, including Edward the Confessor and William I of England. These attributed arms were sometimes used in practice as quarterings in the arms of their descendants. Attributed or imaginary arms appeared in literature in the middle of the 12th century	century	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
Caple compared the park to Frank Lloyd Wright's Fallingwater, calling the stadium itself " perfect ", and citing high ticket prices as the only negative aspect of visiting the park. Jay Ahjua, author of Fields of Dreams: A Guide to Visiting and Enjoying All	All	DET	30	NUM	 30
One scene in the episode required the producers to shut down eight blocks of downtown Los Angeles. In St. Louis, Anson Stokes, an apathetic employee at a self storage facility, is yelled at by his boss to clean out an old and dusty storage locker.	.	PUNCT	To	ADP	 To
The initial flight trials were a disappointment as the aircraft could only reach 32 mph (51 km / h) below Blackburn's estimated maximum speed of 390 mph. Replacement of the Sabre II with a Sabre III (an engine built specifically for the Firebrand) improved	improved	VERB	its	PRON	 its
” He tried to avert the same results while doing the next solo film for the character, 2013's The Wolverine. Wolverine was set to be the first of a series of X Men Origins prequels, with the other being focused on Magneto. However, X	X	NOUN	Men	PROPN	 Men
This was a period when the development of exotic formal gardens and parks was becoming popular, particularly in what is known as the ' Oriental Period ' (1560 – 1620). In his Hortus Medicus (1588), the first catalogue of a German garden's	's	PART	plants	NOUN	 plants
During 1934 the cricket pavilion had been demolished to make way for the new North Stand, which was built on the rugby union ground, costing around £20,000. However, in 1941 the new North Stand and part of the west terracing had been badly damaged in	in	ADP	the	DET	 the
Offseason training often occurs on dry land, sometimes on roller skis. The organization of cross country ski competitions aims to make those events accessible both to spectators and television audiences. As with other sports that require endurance, strength and speed, some athletes have chosen to	to	PART	use	VERB	 use
Sir William Hamilton, a prominent antiquarian as well as a diplomat, spent his time exploring the island. By early June, Nelson and his party had returned to Palermo, the beginning of a lengthy overland journey across Europe to Britain. Nelson also detached Foudroyant and	and	CCONJ	Alexander	PROPN	 Alexander
The freeway heads to the northwest, passing by a park and featuring a southbound exit and northbound entrance for Lexington Avenue before ending at an interchange with U.S. Route 46. Route 21 was first defined in the 1927 New Jersey state highway renumbering to run from Route 25	25	NUM	(	PUNCT	 (
In late Mississippian time, the Grand Canyon region was slowly uplifted and the Redwall was partly eroded away. A Karst topography consisting of caves, sinkholes, and subterranean river channels resulted but were later filled with more limestone. The exposed surface of Redwall gets its characteristic	characteristic	ADJ	color	NOUN	 color
Among some Betsimisaraka it is considered fady for a brother to shake hands with his sister, or for young men to wear shoes during their father's lifetime. Among many Betsimisaraka, the eel is considered sacred. It is forbidden to touch, fish or eat eel	eel	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
In winter, the respective figures were 81, 0.17 and 0.52. Species richness was found to be different in 48 samples of thin phumdis, 53 samples of thick phumdis and 14 samples on hard ground. The eight plant communities identified during winter and summer were Capillipedium	Capillipedium	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
Yet another theory suggests that the design emerged as a result of the pressures of space on ringworks, and that the earliest motte and baileys were converted ringworks. Finally, there may be a link between the local geography and the building of motte and bailey castles,	,	PUNCT	which	PRON	 which
As a result, La Sombra was forced to unmask and reveal his real name. In early November, La Sombra and Rush began having issues with each other, which led to a singles match between the two on November 13, where Rush was victorious. After	After	ADP	the	DET	 the
Realising that Abbey Road could be the group's last album, McCartney and Martin decided to combine various portions of tracks into a medley, which would act as a climactic finale of the group's career. McCartney later said that the idea of a song suite was	was	AUX	inspired	VERB	 inspired
Other members of the genus Pholiota may be mistaken for Pholiota flammans, especially Pholiota squarrosa which commonly forms large tufts at the base of deciduous as well as coniferous trees. P. squarrosa tends to be a less intense yellow color than P. flammans. P. adiposa is also	also	ADV	similar	ADJ	 similar
The French Air Force took delivery of the first production Jaguar in 1973, one of an eventual 160 single seat Jaguar As. For type conversion training, France also took 40 of the two seat Jaguar E. While the Jaguar was capable of carrying a single AN 52	52	NUM	nuclear	NOUN	 nuclear
He also developed an agenda for modernising the country's infrastructure, for example, building an American style business district in Abidjan where five star hotels and resorts welcomed tourists and businessmen. Côte d'Ivoire experienced economic growth of 11 – 12% from 1960 to 1965. The	The	DET	country	NOUN	 country
Peking opera is generally regarded as having fully formed by 1845. Although it is called Peking opera (Beijing theatre style), its origins are in the southern Anhui and eastern Hubei, which share the same dialect of Xiajiang Mandarin (Lower Yangtze Mandarin). Peking	Peking	NOUN	opera	NOUN	 opera
The Commission also suggested that debtors should no longer be imprisoned, and attorneys should be educated at an Inn of Court and not allowed to practise until they were admitted as members. None of the Commission's recommendations ever made it into law under the Rump Parliament,	,	PUNCT	though	SCONJ	 though
Amy Hanaiali ' i Gilliom holds the record for the most nominations without a win, with five. Six of the seven Grammy winning albums were released through the record label Daniel Ho Creations. In 2011, the Recording Academy announced the retirement of the award category.	.	PUNCT	Beginning	VERB	 Beginning
On August 27, 2014, the station was sold to Legacy Broadcasting. KNDX / KXND (Bismarck / Minot, North Dakota), owned by Prime Cities Broadcasting, which asked the FCC to dismiss the sale of the stations to Excalibur Broadcasting (a sidecar owned	owned	VERB	by	ADP	 by
Upon landing in Detroit, Abdulmutallab was arrested and taken to a hospital for treatment of his burns. On December 28, 2009, al Qaeda in the Arabian Peninsula (AQAP) claimed responsibility for the attempted bombing. On January 6, 2010, a federal grand	grand	ADJ	jury	NOUN	 jury
In The Sorcerer, there is a country dance in " If you'll marry me ". In Ruddigore, the sailor character dances a hornpipe, while in The Mikado, Sullivan quotes a Japanese war song in " Miya Sama ". Sullivan's 1882 trip to	to	ADP	Egypt	PROPN	 Egypt
To meet the expenses, Michael Johnson allowed his son to borrow a hundred books from his bookshop, at a great cost to himself, and these books were not fully returned to Michael until many years later. On the day of Johnson's entrance interview for Pembroke	Pembroke	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
The video has won several awards, including Best Video at the 2009 MTV Europe Music Awards, the 2009 Scottish MOBO Awards, and the 2009 BET Awards. At the 2009 MTV Video Music Awards, the video was nominated for nine awards, ultimately winning three including	including	VERB	Video	PROPN	 Video
The dichotomy between ' The Emancipation of Mimi's ' first two tracks is the album ’ s bread and butter. " Since first hearing the song on the radio, Sherri Winston from South Florida Sun Sentinel claimed she " knew it would be a smash ",	,	PUNCT	complimenting	VERB	 complimenting
In all 90 percent of the pilot was re shot in 2010, with some cast changes and a different director. The original pilot remained unaired, although some footage from the original pilot was used in the first aired episode. This includes Sansa's scenes with Catelyn	Catelyn	PROPN	(	PUNCT	 (
Williams returned to the States and relieved from active duty with the rank of Captain on July 28, 1953. Williams who played professional baseball with the Boston Red Sox was elected to baseball's Hall of Fame in 1966. Colonel George David Zamka – NASA Astronaut –	–	PUNCT	USMC	PROPN	 USMC
Hardy wrestled his first televised match since his return on the October 27 episode of Impact Wrestling, defeating Immortal member Bully Ray. On November 13 at Turning Point, Hardy defeated Jeff Jarrett three times, first in six seconds, the second in six minutes, and	and	CCONJ	the	DET	 the
The gentle slopes of Black Oak Ridge, from which the new town of Oak Ridge got its name, were selected as a suitable location. Brigadier General Lucius D. Clay, the deputy chief of staff of the United States Army Services of Supply, reminded Marshall of	of	ADP	a	DET	 a
He no longer plays in a rock band, but regularly plays music with friends and on his own, and still writes songs. Murphy does not plan to start another band: " Even if I was good, the very notion of being an actor with a	a	DET	rock	NOUN	 rock
The ship was involved in rescuing hundreds of survivors from sunken ships in the Pacific and returning them to safety. In 1962, Mrs. Jill Winkler Rath, widow of publicist Otto Winkler, filed an unsuccessful lawsuit for $100,000 against the $2,000,000 estate of Clark Gable	Gable	PROPN	in	ADP	 in
" Scott D. Pierce of Deseret News reported that Jackson's appearance " takes the focus off the regular characters " while Mark Harris of Entertainment Weekly commented that Jackson's guest spot " was an all time low ". Gary Susman of Entertainment Weekly was complimentary towards Jackson	Jackson	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
The third scene held by the Gotoh museum was originally the fourth segment of the Matsudaira clan scroll. It is therefore preceded by the segment held by the Agency for Cultural Affairs and followed by the 5th segment of the Matsudaira clan scroll which is in possession of the	the	DET	Morikawa	PROPN	 Morikawa
One of the co sponsors, Dan Zwonitzer, said, " I ’ ll keep bringing it back until it passes. " In 2014, the Wyoming Lottery adopted a jackalope logo for its lottery tickets and marketing materials. Lottery officials chose the fictitious animal, which	which	PRON	they	PRON	 they
In July 2011, a Famitsu article included an interview with Nomura in which he revealed that the game would have an unlockable secret movie. A playable demo released the same month also first featured the Dream Eaters as the player characters ' partners and the game's generic	generic	ADJ	enemy	NOUN	 enemy
Blending folk, blues, jazz, and classical music, the album's songs signaled a radical departure from the sound of his previous pop hits, such as " Brown Eyed Girl " (1967). Astral Weeks ' critical standing eventually improved greatly, however,	,	PUNCT	and	CCONJ	 and
From the start, fans were very wary of bringing in female characters to the male dominated show; they feared Bela was brought on to be " arm candy or [a sidekick] ". To make matters worse, when coming up with the scenes for the	the	DET	auditions	NOUN	 auditions
It is also a period during which the plant bulb may be susceptible to predators (see Pests and diseases below). Like many bulb plants from temperate regions, a period of exposure to cold is necessary before spring growth can begin. This protects the plant from	from	ADP	growth	NOUN	 growth
The coinage of silver pennies known as sceattas expanded in his time and several types are attributed to East Anglian production. Most of them fall into two main groups, known as the ' Q ' and ' R ' series. Neither group bears a royal name or	or	CCONJ	title	NOUN	 title
In a statement, Burke wrote, " A memorandum filed in Mr. Martinez's case [has] asserted that I participated in a scheme that gave rise to these charges. This allegation is untrue. I have done nothing wrong in connection with this matter. "	"	PUNCT	Pulitzer	PROPN	 Pulitzer
The title character was played by Frank H. Crane, but the production credits are largely unknown. The film was released on December 6, 1910, and met with positive reviews. The film is presumed lost. Though the film is presumed lost, a synopsis survives	survives	VERB	in	ADP	 in
On March 19, the JTWC started to monitor a tropical disturbance that was located about 1145 km (710 mi) to the northwest of Suva, Fiji. Over the next couple of days the system moved towards the south and gradually developed further in an area of	of	ADP	low	ADJ	 low
Construction took place between 1542 and 1543, but the fortification may not have been fully completed until after Henry's death in 1547. The castle comprised a tall, square keep made from stone, with a semi circular gun platform on the seaward side, protected by	by	ADP	a	DET	 a
When Angelo finds out the truth, he publicly humiliates Belle. He later goes around to her home and becomes violent. Belle is later found badly beaten and although Angelo is not responsible, he gets the blame. Jacobz said the under the circumstances he would have	have	AUX	thought	VERB	 thought
Later, while a research professor and translator at Tokyo Metropolitan University, Glicken became involved with research at Mount Unzen. The volcano had recently resumed eruptive activity in November 1990, after being dormant for 198 years. In the months after its first activity, it erupted	erupted	VERB	sporadically	ADV	 sporadically
Mature specimens do not have a veil on the stem. The flesh is whitish, but like most psilocybin containing species, stains blue when injured. The spores are ellipsoid and measure 12 – 14.5 by 6.5 – 8 μm. They have a brownish yellow wall greater	greater	ADJ	than	ADP	 than
Christian Lee Novetzke of the University of Washington suggests that Vithoba's worship migrated from Karnataka to the formerly Shaiva city of Pandharpur some time before 1000 CE; but under the possible influence of a Krishna worshipping Mahanubhava sect, the town was transformed into a Vaishnava center of	of	ADP	pilgrimage	NOUN	 pilgrimage
He then embarks on a discussion of the origins of Greek culture and technology, arguing that most of the important figures in the Greek world were foreigners, and (erroneously) that Jewish culture was the most significant influence on Greece. In an attempt to demonstrate the	the	DET	primacy	NOUN	 primacy
Charles II's reign was marked by the development of the first modern political parties in England. Charles had no legitimate children, and was due to be succeeded by his Roman Catholic brother, James, Duke of York. A parliamentary effort to exclude James from the	the	DET	line	NOUN	 line
The congregations in the a cappella tradition are the subject of this article. While this was the most visible distinction between the two groups, there was also disagreement over the appropriateness of organizational structures above the congregational level such as missionary societies. Both issues highlighted differences in	in	ADP	the	DET	 the
Since 1919, shortly after the union of Transylvania with Romania, the building has hosted the Lucian Blaga National Theatre and the Romanian National Opera. The Transylvania Philarmonic, founded in 1955, gives classical music concerts. The multiculturalism in the city is once again attested by	by	ADP	the	DET	 the
In the 2015 miniseries Sons of Liberty, Adams, the main protagonist, is portrayed by Ben Barnes. Samuel Adams's name has been appropriated by commercial and non profit ventures since his death. Drawing upon the tradition that Adams had been a brewer, the Boston	Boston	PROPN	Beer	PROPN	 Beer
This criticism was not universal, as reviewers such as Jason Hill of The Age called the A $13 Australian price " reasonable " and described the length as not " overstay [ing] its welcome ". Critics such as GamePro's Terry Terrones and GameTrailers echoed	echoed	VERB	the	DET	 the
Players may hold more than one non FIFA nationality. John Hutchinson currently holds the team record for number of total games played with 268 matches in all competitions. Former captain Alex Wilkinson has the second most appearances for the club with 203 matches. Adam Kwasnik is the	the	DET	third	ADJ	 third
In September, Davis participated in the Battle of Monterrey, during which he led a successful charge on the La Teneria fort. On February 22, 1847, Davis fought bravely at the Battle of Buena Vista and was shot in the foot, being carried to safety	safety	NOUN	by	ADP	 by
Yoko Shimomura, best known for her previous work in Street Fighter II, composed the game's music. As part of the score, she incorporated arrangements of music by Koji Kondo from Super Mario Bros. and three tracks by Nobuo Uematsu from Final Fantasy IV. Shimomura	Shimomura	PROPN	regards	VERB	 regards
The film opened to a worldwide 5 day opening of $333 million, third all time, and grossed $938.4 million in total, second to Pirates of the Caribbean: At World's End for the greatest total of 2007. A video game adaptation of the	the	DET	book	NOUN	 book
In 1803, the duties of his office as paymaster were extended, and on 9 May, he was reappointed as Paymaster and Inspector General of Marines, with a salary of £1,000 p.a. In the same year, he was commissioned a captain in the Watford	Watford	PROPN	Volunteer	PROPN	 Volunteer
" As the first major rock star to die of AIDS, Mercury's death represented a very important event in the history of the disease. In April 1992 the remaining members of Queen founded The Mercury Phoenix Trust and organised The Freddie Mercury Tribute Concert for AIDS Awareness	Awareness	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
The Mellon family had spent years entertaining important people, including royalty, celebrities, well known financiers, and statesmen in the Mellon Mansion. It was built using Michigan sandstone and was four stories high on one side and three stories high on the other. The mansion	mansion	NOUN	had	VERB	 had
According to author and musicologist Ian Inglis, Harrison's " executive role in HandMade Films helped to sustain British cinema at a time of crisis, producing some of the country's most memorable movies of the 1980s. " A series of box office bombs in the late	late	ADJ	1980s	NOUN	 1980s
Dave Wallace of Comics Bulletin praised author Vaughan's efforts on making sure the main characters ' dynamic works well enough that " the occasional stereotypical elements do not detract from the characters too much. " Alex Wilder, a child prodigy at strategic thinking and planning, leads	leads	VERB	the	DET	 the
A Smash Controller app released on Nintendo eShop on June 14, 2015, allows players to use the Nintendo 3DS as a controller for the Wii U version without needing a copy of the 3DS version. Reviews for the 3DS version were positive, with a rating of	of	ADP	85	NUM	 85
Parasitology 37 (1 – 2): 85. doi: 10.1017 / S0031182000013202. Bishop, Ann; Birkett, Betty (1947). " Acquired resistance to paludrine in Plasmodium gallinaceum ". Nature 159 (4052): 884 – 885. doi: 10.1038 / 159884a0	159884a0	PROPN	.	PUNCT	.
The Phantom was then shot down, probably by an AIM 7 Sparrow from one of its wingmen. There continues to be controversy over whether the Phantom was shot down by MiG guns or, as enemy reports later indicated, an AIM 7 Sparrow III from one of	of	ADP	Murphy	PROPN	 Murphy
As day broke on 28 November, the Chinese forces and the American defenders were locked in a stalemate around the Yudam ni perimeter. While the battle was underway at Yudam ni, the PVA 59th Division blocked the road between Yudam ni and Hagaru ri by attacking the	the	DET	defending	VERB	 defending
Later, Chauvel realised that Romani was the first decisive British victory of the war outside West Africa Campaign. In his report to the War Office on the battle, Murray passed lightly over the part played by the Anzac Mounted Division. The majority of awards for the	the	DET	Battle	PROPN	 Battle
He was apprehensive about how this breach of the rules would be received at the Académie, but their response to Don Procopio was initially positive, with praise for the composer's " easy and brilliant touch " and " youthful and bold style ". For his second	second	ADJ	envoi	NOUN	 envoi
Eric writes that " there are two ways each of us can approach life: spending our days meeting our needs or looking for ways to meet others ' needs. The mystery is that when we spend our life focused on our own needs, we are never satisfied	satisfied	ADJ	...	PUNCT	...
She died there at age 36 of liver cancer (17 November 1789). In her will, written just three days before her death, Charlotte left her mother, Clementina, a sum of 50,000 livres and an annuity of a further 15,000. However, it	it	PRON	was	AUX	 was
The energized Tech defense was disinclined to allow any such thing. Though Cantwell completed two short passes for 16 yards and a first down, he was sacked on first down and the Tech defense prevented him from completing another pass. Two passes were knocked down by Hokie	Hokie	PROPN	defenders	NOUN	 defenders
In addition to BSDcon, three other annual conferences, EuroBSDCon, AsiaBSDCon and BSDCan take place in Europe, Japan and Canada respectively. The FreeBSD Project is run by around 500 committers, or developers who have commit access to the master source code repositories and can develop	develop	VERB	,	PUNCT	,
Notably, in 1858 " The Raven " appeared in a British Poe anthology with illustrations by John Tenniel, the Alice in Wonderland illustrator (The Poetical Works of Edgar Allan Poe: With Original Memoir, London: Sampson Low). " The Raven " was published	published	VERB	independently	ADV	 independently
Lilly wished to encourage economic growth and general development in Indianapolis. He attempted to achieve those goals by supporting local commercial organizations financially and through his personal advocacy and promotion. He first became active in local civics in 1879. As a result of his proposal for a	a	DET	public	ADJ	 public
Gomułka, however, could not and did not want to reject communism or Soviet domination; he could only steer Poland towards increased independence and " Polish national communism ". Because of these restricted ambitions, which were recognized by the Soviets, the limited Polish revolution succeeded	succeeded	VERB	where	SCONJ	 where
This direct pressure forced the Board of Directors of Lowell's textile mills to reduce the workday by 30 minutes in 1847. The FLRA's organizing efforts spilled over into other nearby towns. In 1847, New Hampshire became the first state to pass a law for a	a	DET	ten	NUM	 ten
In the show, Bill Cosby is an obstetrician with his office located below his family's residence in a brownstone home. Less than three months before the show debuted, its producers had not yet decided whether the brownstone would be set in Brooklyn or Manhattan. The	The	DET	set	NOUN	 set
The video ends showing Madonna lying on the ballet studio floor. The video was nominated for five awards at the 2006 MTV Video Music Awards including Best Female Video, Dance Video, Pop Video, Best Choreography and the Video of the Year award although it did not	not	PART	win	VERB	 win
Flair legitimately requested a release from his contract, as he felt he would be more successful if he returned to World Championship Wrestling (WCW). WWF owner Vince McMahon agreed and set up a feud between Flair and Perfect to create a storyline for Flair's departure	departure	NOUN	from	ADP	 from
" Time placed Gaga on their All Time 100 Fashion Icons List amongst some of Gaga's inspirations such as Michael Jackson, Madonna, and The Beatles, stating: " Lady Gaga is just as notorious for her outrageous style as she is for her pop hits.	.	PUNCT	After	ADV	 After
However, casualties were light and within ninety minutes the glider borne troops had gathered at their rendezvous points. By 00: 00 the entire 6th Airborne Division was fully deployed on the eastern flank of the invasion beaches, with the exception of 12th Battalion of the Devonshire	Devonshire	PROPN	Regiment	PROPN	 Regiment
Olver resigned from the state Senate on June 15 and was sworn in June 18. Olver won election to a full term in 1992. In 1994, the year which Republican took control of the House for the first time in 40 years, Olver ran unopposed.	.	PUNCT	In	ADP	 In
Coren asked the public to bring dirty diapers to the exhibit, but no one did. Munro went on to have many showings of his underwear art, mostly " rescued " from second hand Goodwill clothing outlets, including at Who's Emma, HEADspace, and Paul	Paul	PROPN	Petro	PROPN	 Petro
Matthew Paris wrote that Richard stated: " You might as well say, ' I make you a present of the moon — step up to the sky and take it down '. " Instead, Henry purchased the kingdom for his son Edmund, which angered many	many	ADJ	powerful	ADJ	 powerful
The Azteca was first bred in 1972 as a horse for charros, the traditional horsemen of Mexico. Antonio Ariza Cañadilla, along with others, was instrumental in the creation of the Azteca horse as the national horse of Mexico and with its official recognition by the Mexican	Mexican	PROPN	Department	PROPN	 Department
Allmusic reviewer Stephen Thomas Erlewine compared the group's performance on the album to " a third rate Beastie Boys supported by a cut rate Faith No More, all tempered with the sensibility that made GWAR cult heroes — only with... more sexism and jokes that... wind	wind	VERB	up	ADP	 up
Harbhajan returned with figures of 2 / 29 (in 4 overs) in his first T20 international over two and a half years. He was in the squad for the 3 test away series against Sri Lanka led by Virat Kohli. He replaced injured Ashwin in series	series	NOUN	against	ADP	 against
In its original American broadcast, " Homer's Barbershop Quartet " finished 30th in ratings, with a Nielsen rating of 12.7. It was praised for its The Beatles cameo, despite being a leftover episode from the previous season. Reviews that criticized the episode's inconsistent	inconsistent	ADJ	humor	NOUN	 humor
" They high fived themselves silly, " recalled Peter King. " They were screaming and hooting and raising hell — happier than they had been all year. " In week 12, in what would turn out to be a preview of Super Bowl XXI, veteran	veteran	ADJ	defensive	ADJ	 defensive
" Several members of N.W.A wrote lyrics for Eazy Duz It: Ice Cube, The D.O.C., and MC Ren. The EP 5150: Home 4 tha Sick features a song written by Naughty By Nature. The track " Merry Muthaphuckkin ' Xmas " features Menajahtwa,	,	PUNCT	Buckwheat	PROPN	 Buckwheat
Historian James W. Cook has suggested that Juba and Diamond may have staged their first competition as a form of mutual publicity. Claims of black superiority over an acclaimed white rival were otherwise unheard of in the climate of racial segregation and white supremacy that permeated New York City	City	PROPN	and	CCONJ	 and
The notion that a person's spirit might return from the dead to warn those still alive was a commonly held belief, and the presence of two apparently restless spirits was therefore an obvious sign to both men that each ghost had an important message to disclose. Parsons	Parsons	PROPN	and	CCONJ	 and
Autogyros had been used to film the final in 1935, and also by the Metropolitan police for crowd control. It was the first year that commentators were used in the broadcast of an FA Cup final, with the BBC describing it as an " experiment ".	.	PUNCT	The	DET	 The
The city council is the city's legislative body, responsible for issues such as budget, local ordinances, city planning, road maintenance, education, and culture. The Council usually convenes once a month and consists of 45 members elected to four year terms concurrent with	with	ADP	the	DET	 the
He subsequently met the Italian commander, General Alfonso Ferrero La Marmora, who told him that as he was 19 years old he could do as he wished. Edgardo was smuggled out of Rome by train along with a priest on 22 October 1870, late at night	night	NOUN	and	CCONJ	 and
Further, gene expression patterns in the human cerebellum show less age related alteration than that in the cerebral cortex. Some studies have reported reductions in numbers of cells or volume of tissue, but the amount of data relating to this question is not very large. Congenital	Congenital	ADJ	malformation	NOUN	 malformation
Dactyl's craters may contain central peaks, unlike those found on Ida. These features, and Dactyl's spheroidal shape, imply that the moon is gravitationally controlled despite its small size. Like Ida, its average temperature is about 200 K (− 73° C	C	PROPN	;	PUNCT	;
On August 14, Jones confirmed that he might make a fifth official visit (the maximum allowed by the NCAA) to Minnesota, although they remained an unlikely underdog. Okafor visited Baylor on August 29 with Jones as the two were ranked 1 – 2 in the	the	DET	Rivals.com	PROPN	 Rivals.com
In 1919, the Michigan State Highway Department (MSHD) was required to signpost the highway system for the first time, and the state become the second after Wisconsin to do so. At the time, two different highways followed sections of the modern I 69 corridor	corridor	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
To the east of I Corps, Coulter also ordered the withdrawal of the US IX Corps at 14: 00 with the Anglo Australian 27th British Commonwealth Brigade covering the rear. Some Chinese forces managed to trap the 3rd Battalion, Royal Australian Regiment (3RAR) of	of	ADP	the	DET	 the
As a result, the state of Delaware financed the road with bond issues and would build it as a toll road called the Delaware Turnpike. The first construction contracts for the Delaware Turnpike were awarded in 1957, with construction soon following that year. Construction began on	on	ADP	building	VERB	 building
Shortly after the accession of Phocas, in 603, the younger Domentziolus was raised to the titles of vir gloriosissimus, patricius and curopalates. Domentziolus, however, is better known as a general in the Byzantine Sassanid War of 602 – 628. Phocas's elevation to	to	ADP	the	DET	 the
The three floored East Stand is to accommodate hospitality guests, players, officials and the media, and will be connected to the adjacent retail and community facilities. The stands will stretch the length of the playing field, and each corner will host stadium facilities, including	including	VERB	matchday	NOUN	 matchday
The school experienced a rapid modernization during the 1850s, often romanticized by the graduates who led both sides of the Civil War as the " end of the Old West Point era. " New barracks brought better heat and gas lighting, while new ordnance and tactics training	training	NOUN	incorporated	VERB	 incorporated
Daniel Ekeroth argues that the blast beat was first performed by the Swedish group Asocial on their 1982 demo. D.R.I. (" No Sense "), S.O.D. (" Milk "), Sarcófago (" Satanas "), Sepultura (" Antichrist "), and	and	CCONJ	Repulsion	PROPN	 Repulsion
The conductor was drugged and Karp's body was found shortly afterwards in a railway tunnel south of Salzburg. Fleming had a long standing interest in trains and, following his involvement in a near fatal crash in 1927, associated them with danger; they also feature in	in	ADP	Live	PROPN	 Live
It received a " Double Platinum " award for one of the most played music video on MTV channels around the world at the MTV Platinum Video Plays Awards ceremony. It was also nominated at the Myx Music Awards for " Favorite International Video ". The UK Music	Music	PROPN	Video	PROPN	 Video
The only human fossils found before the discovery of Java Man in the 1890s were either of anatomically modern humans or of Neanderthals that were too close, especially in the critical characteristic of cranial capacity, to modern humans for them to be convincing intermediates between humans and other	other	ADJ	primates	NOUN	 primates
In February 1969 Gil and Veloso were arrested by the Brazilian military government, brought from São Paulo to Rio de Janeiro, and spent three months in prison and another four under house arrest, before being freed on the condition that they leave the country. Veloso was	was	AUX	the	DET	 the
In order to accurately portray Master Chief, Cudmore watched the Landfall shorts by Neill Blomkamp and read the Halo novels for the history of the character, having already played the games. Cudmore expressed interest in the history of Master Chief, the character's view on war	war	NOUN	and	CCONJ	 and
On the death of his father, the family moved to Kilmarnock, and Shaw studied at the local grammar school. At the age of 17, he followed his elder brother to America to seek work, returning after three years to take up a position in the	the	DET	same	ADJ	 same
Roberts led Spencer going into the last lap of the race. Heading down the back straight, Spencer placed his Honda right behind Roberts ' Yamaha as they reached the second to the last corner, a ninety degree right hander. As both riders applied their brakes,	,	PUNCT	Spencer	PROPN	 Spencer
Frentzen, Barrichello, Salo, Villeneuve and Coulthard made pit stops over the following six laps. After Coulthard emerged from the pit lane, Michael Schumacher's car suffered a broken exhaust which broke his left rear suspension and Schumacher was forced to retire. At the completition	completition	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
These battles took place in drenching typhoon rains. Low hanging clouds allowed very little air support. The rains finally ceased on September 10. In this second week of September elements of the NK 5th Division had spread out over the hills west, southwest, and south	south	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
Psoriasis is characterized by an abnormally excessive and rapid growth of the epidermal layer of the skin. Abnormal production of skin cells (especially during wound repair) and an overabundance of skin cells result from the sequence of pathological events in psoriasis. Skin cells are replaced every	every	DET	3	NUM	 3
Likewise, Tom Hutton in the journal Economic Geography noted the absence of influential academics Allen Scott and Peter Hall in the text. The reviewer in The Chronicle of Higher Education found the chapter that examined the Big Five personality traits to be the best part of the book	book	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
He was not satisfied with the promotional aspect of the shows, however, and it contributed to his general disillusionment with the music industry, which he reflected on in an interview for The Australian: We had a 16 piece band and we played great shows to 700	700	NUM	people	NOUN	 people
It is thought that the very hot gas results from the violent interaction of a fast stellar wind with material previously ejected. This interaction has hollowed out the inner bubble of the nebula. Chandra observations have also revealed a point source at the position of the central star	star	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
On July 21, the storm deteriorated in organization as it continued northward. The lack of banding features indicated that by early on July 22, Becky was barely a tropical storm. The storm made landfall near Port St. Joe, Florida shortly thereafter, and weakened rapidly	rapidly	ADV	as	SCONJ	 as
In 1773 a British naval expedition under Captain Constantine Phipps sought a route to the pole from the Seven Islands, but found the way impassably blocked by ice. On May 28, 1806, the Whitby whaling captain William Scoresby achieved a new record northern latitude of 81	81	NUM	°	NUM	°
" scene), while the television series, The West Wing, is shown to be entering its twelfth season. " Bloodline " aired the day after Fringe's fourth season renewal was announced by Fox Entertainment, which came in the wake of various actors communicating directly	directly	ADV	with	ADP	 with
The stigma of epilepsy can also affect the families of those with the disorder. Certain disorders occur more often in people with epilepsy, depending partly on the epilepsy syndrome present. These include depression, anxiety, obsessive – compulsive disorder (OCD), and migraine.	.	PUNCT	Attention	NOUN	 Attention
The highway turns westward on Port Austin Road along the lake where M 53 terminates; this is also the point where the M 25 signage changes from northbound to westbound. West of town, M 25 turns south along the Saginaw Bay and meets Port Crescent State Park	Park	PROPN	.	PUNCT	.
The song is credited as one of the earliest tracks to blend beat music with folk rock, even before The Byrds recorded " Mr. Tambourine Man. " Chris Hillman, who played bass guitar with the Byrds, saw the Beau Brummels at a Los Angeles concert,	,	PUNCT	and	CCONJ	 and
These two vertical barriers, 11 feet (3.4 m) high and 30 feet (9.1 m) long, were built both upstream and downstream of Aliso Creek Road. Several grouted riprap structures were also constructed between and downstream of these drops. A small dam was	was	AUX	built	VERB	 built
In March 2008, Ian Hickson released Acid3 as a follow up to Acid2. While Acid2 primarily tests CSS, Acid3 focuses more on JavaScript and other " Web 2.0 " technologies. In July 2005, Chris Wilson, the Internet Explorer Platform Architect, stated that passing	passing	VERB	Acid2	NOUN	 Acid2
Interleaved, there are shots of her and her ex boyfriend spending time together appear as a memory. He is played by Elliott Jordan. As the bridge comes up, the scene changes to the singer standing on the corner of a street, talking to a man	man	NOUN	and	CCONJ	 and
Despite the popularity of the pairing — referred to by the portmanteau " Puckleberry " in the media — the series writers intend to retain Puck's " bad boy " persona, and ultimately plan on pairing him with most of the female characters. The episode features cover	cover	VERB	versions	NOUN	 versions
On 28 January 2005, the Department of Defense announced that it had selected the US101 as the winner. It has been speculated that the US101's three engines had been a decisive factor over the rivaling twin engined VH 92. The US101 team was awarded a US	US	PROPN	$	SYM	 $
The new French ambassador Charles Louis Huguet, marquis de Sémonville he sent to The Hague in 1799 was just the man for this job. Meanwhile, even the minds of reformers like Gogel had become receptive to the need for change. The frustrations of the stalemate between	between	ADP	unitarist	ADJ	 unitarist
In the final four minutes, Michigan used a 1 3 1 zone to force five turnovers during a 13 – 5 spurt to make up a 64 – 56 deficit. On November 24, the team lost the championship game to Charlotte on a last second tip in	in	ADV	;	PUNCT	;
However, the 1881 Census for Flat Holm shows that the barracks were occupied only by the Master Gunner, Thomas Barrett, his family, and five soldiers. Barrett's son, Albert, was born on the island on 31 December 1881. The men were stationed	stationed	VERB	on	ADP	 on
These tracks were darker, more experimental remixes with less emphasis on vocals, and attempted to incorporate elements of breakbeat and drum and bass into 2 step. In 2001, this and other strains of dark garage music began to be showcased and promoted at London's night	night	NOUN	club	NOUN	 club
On November 3, 2008, it was released to rhythmic contemporary and urban contemporary radio stations. The single was released in the UK by Mercury Records on December 8, 2008, as a CD single containing both the album version and an instrumental version of " Rehab	Rehab	PROPN	"	PUNCT	 "
There are 190 square meters of murals in the hall. They date from 1708 to 1716, but have been damaged over the years. The Sansheng Hall (Chinese: 三圣殿; pinyin: Sānshèng Diàn; literally: " Hall of Three Sages ") is the	the	DET	middle	PROPN	 middle
Expeditions in the 1960s led by the equally renowned John Ostrom of Yale University's Peabody Museum of Natural History recovered additional incomplete specimens from the Cloverly. In 1970, Ostrom coined the genus Sauropelta to include remains discovered by both expeditions. Derived from the Greek σαυρος /	/	SYM	sauros	NOUN	 sauros
" Go Your Own Way " is more guitar oriented and has a four to the floor dance beat influenced by The Rolling Stones ' " Street Fighting Man ". The album's pace slows down with " Songbird ", conceived solely by Christine McVie using a nine	nine	NUM	foot	NOUN	 foot
During his eight months in Sapporo, Clark successfully organized SAC, had a significant impact on the scientific and economic development of the island of Hokkaido, and made a lasting imprint on Japanese culture. Clark's visage overlooks Sapporo from several statues and his parting words to	to	ADP	his	PRON	 his
He was an eloquent preacher, resourceful, and became involved in community activities throughout the area. He quickly assumed leadership and thus, in a sense, became the founder of Danebod. One of the pastor's six children, Sigurd Pedersen, described their first arrival	arrival	NOUN	in	ADP	 in
A sonnet originally referred to any short lyric. In 1573, George Gascoigne tried to define the word sonnet. This definition, stated below, delineates the structure within which Shakespeare often wrote. I can best allowe to call those Sonnets which are of fourtene lynes,	,	PUNCT	every	DET	 every
Saint, McCully, Elliot, and fellow missionary Johnny Keenan decided to initiate contact with the Huaorani and began periodically searching for them by air. By the end of the month, they had identified several clearings in the jungle. Meanwhile, Elliot learned several phrases in	in	ADP	the	DET	 the
The route turns a short drift off its alignment at an intersection with Miller Road. The route turns from the northward direction it was heading to a northwestern direction and intersects eventually with Guilton Road. The dense forestry returns, and Route 858 begins winding its way along	along	ADV	.	PUNCT	.
" The crowds of reporters and sightseers at weekends led the Archdeacon of Lynn to issue a statement deploring the " media circus " and asking that " the full spirit of worship " be restored to Sunday services. On 8 July 1932 Keppel North announced his verdict;	;	PUNCT	Davidson	PROPN	 Davidson
His involvement began in 1767, when he first took political stands against the various acts of the British Parliament. He opposed the 1765 Stamp Act, the first direct tax on the colonies imposed by the British Parliament, which included no representatives from the colonies; he	he	PRON	began	VERB	 began
His first wife was a lady of the aristocratic Melissenos family, who died at an unknown time. Her first cousin, likewise a Melissenos, married the governor of Nicopolis, Senachereim (see above). After his murder by the locals, Michael avenged him,	,	PUNCT	took	VERB	 took
Allen, who had been commissioned governor of the province in 1692, only came to the colony in 1698 to take a direct interest in its affairs. During Bellomont's brief visit to New Hampshire in July and August 1699, Allen attempted to buy him to his	his	PRON	side	NOUN	 side
When it was published in September 1959, Jungle Book was the first mass market paperback of original comics content in the United States. The 35 ¢ book had small dimensions at 4 1 ⁄ 4 × 7 inches (11 × 18 cm) and was poorly printed	printed	VERB	from	ADP	 from
Sloan announces his plans of returning to New York City, but abruptly decides to stay in Seattle, following Grey accidentally revealing Webber's retirement plans. Shepherd is displeased with Sloan's decision, which results in an argument between him and Grey, which threatens putting damage	damage	NOUN	on	ADP	 on
Brig. Gen. John D. Stevenson's brigade advanced well in two columns against the redoubt, but their attack also failed when they found their ladders were too short to scale the fortification. Brig. Gen. Isaac F. Quinby's division advanced a few hundred yards, but	but	CCONJ	halted	VERB	 halted
They left the idea with David Mirkin, who took over the job as show runner during this season. Mirkin said he was " very excited and intrigued " with the idea of the episode. Soon thereafter, he assigned Daniels to write the script because he knew	knew	VERB	that	SCONJ	 that
Fittings from this type of bow appear right across Asia from Korea to the Crimea. Such bows with reinforcement of both grip and siyahs have been called “ Hun, ” “ Hunnic ” or “ Hsiung nu ” composite bows. Huns did use such bows, but	but	CCONJ	so	ADV	 so
At Anzac an attack on the Ottoman trenches at " Lone Pine ", led by the 1st Infantry Brigade, captured the main Ottoman trench line in a diversion to draw Ottoman forces away from the main assaults at the peaks of Chunuk Bair and Hill 971, both	both	PRON	of	ADP	 of
However, the Lutheran calendar differs from both in two very significant ways, aside from its emphasis on commemorating persons important to the Lutheran tradition. First, the Lutheran calendar, while commemorating many of the same events or persons, often does so on different days from	from	ADP	either	DET	 either
McLane sent a messenger to Washington, alerting him of the British movements. While the main body of the British troops marched through Germantown, Beggarstown, and Flourtown, American alarm cannons were sounded and positions manned. At 3: 00 am, the British halted on	on	ADP	Chestnut	PROPN	 Chestnut
The stem is short and thick — between 1.5 and 6 cm (0.6 and 2.4 in) in diameter — and tapers downward. Initially white, in age both the stem and branches turn pale yellow to buff to tan. Old fruit bodies can fade to become	become	VERB	almost	ADV	 almost
Huante designed them to be white and embryonic because the events in the film occur before Giger's influence had taken effect. Huante took influences from references Scott was using to design the pale skinned Engineers. Huante also referenced other Giger works, national monuments, large sculptures	sculptures	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
1699: A Serious and Pathetical Contemplation of the Mercies of God, In Several Most Devout and Sublime Thanksgivings for the same (London: Printed for Samuel Keble, 1699). 1717: Meditations on the Creation, in A Collection of Meditations and Devotions, in	in	ADP	Three	NUM	 Three
I have promised him he is not going to have to do too much, but even if it is just one occasion a year he is the perfect choice " On 7 December 2009 Shearer was made a Doctor of Civil Law by Newcastle University. Chancellor Sir Liam	Liam	PROPN	Donaldson	PROPN	 Donaldson
Patrick Mulkern of Radio Times was also disappointed, saying that it " amounts to little more than series of events and has a more preposterous premise than usual ". He questioned the physics and noted that there was not much of an ending and surprisingly found Smith not	not	PART	up	ADP	 up
Later, journals of other crew members were discovered at the site of the Polaris wreck, but these had the sections regarding Hall's death cut out. Meyer testified to Budington's drinking, saying that the sailing master was " drunk most always while we were going	going	VERB	southward	ADV	 southward
" The MSP building is connected to the Tower Buildings by way of the Garden Lobby and stands at the western end of the parliamentary complex, adjoining Reid's Close. The block contains offices for each MSP and two members of staff, fitted out with custom designed	designed	VERB	furniture	NOUN	 furniture
It was activated once more in a brief organizational shift after the war. The brigade was formed again in 1950 when it was hastily assembled for service in the Korean War. The brigade participated in a counterattack at Masan before reinforcing United States Army units during the Battle	Battle	PROPN	of	ADP	 of
The ridge to the east turned Hellen to a southwest drift over land. By early on April 1, the convection largely dissipated as the center became difficult to locate, with peak winds dropping to 45 km / h (30 mph). As a result,	,	PUNCT	Météo	PROPN	 Météo
To mark the change of Jean Grey into Phoenix, her wardrobe focused on red colors, and everyday fabric in contrast to the leather costumes of the X Men. Digital make up also made Jean's face darker with her skin showing some veins and her eyes turning	turning	VERB	black	ADJ	 black
The area experienced a period of economic growth and prosperity as manufacturers moved to the region to utilize the low cost energy. An 1887 description of the courthouse called it " a plain building … its architecture characteristic of the pioneer times ". It also said the building	building	NOUN	"	PUNCT	 "
The government estimates that profits from the information technology and communication industry will grow and become comparable with those from oil production. Azerbaijan has a large and steadily growing Internet sector, mostly uninfluenced by the global financial crisis; rapid growth is forecast for at least five more	more	ADJ	years	NOUN	 years
This continued until the incorporation of the Bill of Rights after the adoption of the Fourteenth Amendment. Section 14 of the Judiciary Act of 1789 provided, in relevant part, that all the before mentioned courts of the United States shall have power to issue writs of...	...	PUNCT	habeas	X	 habeas
On June 11, 2008, the IAU executive committee announced the establishment of a subclass of dwarf planets comprising the aforementioned " new category of trans Neptunian objects " to which Pluto is a prototype. This new class of objects, termed plutoids, would include Pluto,	,	PUNCT	Eris	PROPN	 Eris
As widely anticipated, " I See the Light " was nominated for the Academy Award for Best Original Song at the 83rd Academy Awards in 2011, becoming Menken's nineteenth Academy Award nomination. Menken said of the accomplishment, " I don ’ t take it for	for	ADP	granted	VERB	 granted
The Lancastrians retreated but were chased to Dinting Dale where they were all killed. Clifford was slain by an arrow to his throat. Having cleared the vicinity of enemy forces, the Yorkists repaired the bridge and pressed onwards to camp overnight at Sherburn in Elmet. The	The	DET	Lancastrian	ADJ	 Lancastrian
In 1931, during the Great Depression, he sold the film rights to his life story to MGM for $1,500 ($23,000 today). The movie included archival footage of the 1912 and 1932 Olympics, as well as a banquet in which Thorpe was honored	honored	VERB	.	PUNCT	.
The following day, it was confirmed he would be out for up to three weeks which ruled him out of the UEFA Super Cup match against Zenit St. Petersburg on 29 August. His return to action came on 13 September in a 2 – 1 away loss to	to	ADP	Liverpool	PROPN	 Liverpool
The hectic travel schedule also placed a burden on his relationship with Isum, with whom he could now communicate only by letter. In all, Robinson played 47 games at shortstop for the Monarchs, hitting.387 with five home runs, and registering 13 stolen bases. He	He	PRON	also	ADV	 also
Virginia's property tax is set and collected at the local government level and varies throughout the Commonwealth. Real estate is also taxed at the local level based on 100% of fair market value. Tangible personal property also is taxed at the local level and is based	based	VERB	on	ADP	 on
The capture was disastrous for the king, leading to a revolt by Gilla Brigte, Lord of Galloway, and to many of William's discontented subjects " ruthlessly " slaying " their English and French neighbours " and perpetrating a " most wretched and widespread persecution of the	the	DET	English	PROPN	 English
She added that the references to her old work, as well as the half nude men indicated that " it isn't just the girls ' who wanna have some fun '. " Ethan Sack from New York Daily News said that " it's a tossup over	over	ADP	who	PRON	 who
Thus, under the circumstances of food chain disruption previously mentioned, non avian dinosaurs died, while some crocodiles survived. In this context, the survival of other endothermic animals, such as some birds and mammals, could be due, among other reasons, to their	their	PRON	smaller	ADJ	 smaller
The tests had no effect on the patent battle, but the Smithsonian made the most of them, honoring the Aerodrome in its museum and publications. The Institution did not reveal the extensive Curtiss modifications, but Orville Wright learned of them from his brother Lorin and a	a	DET	close	ADJ	 close
In the next stage, by 1853, hydraulic mining was used on ancient gold bearing gravel beds on hillsides and bluffs in the goldfields. In a modern style of hydraulic mining first developed in California, and later used around the world, a high pressure hose directed	directed	VERB	a	DET	 a
He was openly booed when he attended the premiere of The Times of Harvey Milk — based on his book The Mayor of Castro Street — at the Castro Theatre. Footage he had shot as a television reporter was included in the film, but during the construction of	of	ADP	the	DET	 the
The ouvrage lies between the towns of Villy and La Ferté sur Chiers. It possesses two combat blocks linked by an underground gallery. The westernmost position in its sector, it was a comparatively weakly armed fortification in an exposed position that left it vulnerable to isolation and	and	CCONJ	attack	NOUN	 attack
The force was covered in the English Channel by seven light cruisers and 16 destroyers, none of which saw action. The assaults on Zeebrugge and Ostend were eventually launched on 23 April, after twice being delayed by poor weather. The Ostend force arrived off the port	port	NOUN	shortly	ADV	 shortly
… Not only was Jack's story interesting for a change, but the inclusion of [many] other characters … and giving them great story and character development [was also intriguing]. " Daniel of TMZ graded " Something Nice Back Home " as a "	"	PUNCT	B	NOUN	 B
Similarly, the shortest war in recorded history, the Anglo Zanzibar War of 1896, was brought to a swift conclusion by shelling from British battleships. The cynical attitude towards recruited infantry in the face of ever more powerful field artillery is the source of the term cannon	cannon	NOUN	fodder	NOUN	 fodder
In 2013, Saab moved to increase Swiss industry offsets above 100% of the deal value after the Swiss parliament's upper house voted down the deal's financing. On 27 August 2013, the National Council's Security Commission approved the purchase, followed by the lower	lower	ADJ	and	CCONJ	 and
The Manhattans occupied present day New York City north to the river, while the Weckquaesgeeks occupied the land from the river north to the Pocantico River. The Manhattans ' principal village, Nepperamack, was on the site of present day Yonkers where the Saw Mill River discharges	discharges	NOUN	into	ADP	 into
" Ted Nugent said, " If you don't know every Chuck Berry lick, you can't play rock guitar. " Among the honors Berry has received are the Grammy Lifetime Achievement Award in 1984 and the Kennedy Center Honors in 2000. He was ranked seventh	seventh	ADJ	on	ADP	 on
This arose mainly through the wartime injury to his arm and by 1950 he had adjusted his technique to compensate and had fewer problems. Immediately before the war, Hutton batted in a more attacking style and several of his contemporaries remembered his attractive strokeplay. By his own	own	ADJ	admission	NOUN	 admission
In its report to the Convention on July 5, the committee offered a compromise. The large states had opposed the Connecticut Compromise, because they felt it gave too much power to the smaller states. The Grand Committee's proposal made two important modifications. It added	added	VERB	the	DET	 the
Six hours later, the depression strengthened into Tropical Storm Frances. Heading westward, it crossed through the Leeward Islands and entered the Caribbean Sea on October 1. Thereafter, the lack of divergence at high levels prevented significant strengthening for a few days. While situated south	south	ADV	of	ADP	 of
During the first part of the season, odd numbered episodes mostly took place in the parallel universe and have a red title sequence, while even numbered episodes mostly took place in the prime universe and have the original blue title sequence. In episode eight, " Entrada	Entrada	PROPN	"	PUNCT	 "
The United States Government officially granted payments and benefits to various ethnicites who have fought with the Allies by the war's end. However, only the Filipinos were excluded from such benefits, and since then these veterans have made efforts in finally being acknowledged by the United	United	PROPN	States	PROPN	 States
Cruise questions why they are able to do this, which leads to a monologue from Kyle, Jesus Christ, and Santa Claus explaining that the goo does not exist, and that threatening people with violence is the only true answer (which is completely obscured by a	a	DET	continuous	ADJ	 continuous
Knight also wrote in 1956 that Max Weber was the only economist who dealt with the problem of understanding the emergence of modern capitalism " from the angle which alone can yield an answer to such questions, that is, the angle of comparative history in the broad sense	sense	NOUN	"	PUNCT	 "
Lazaros then convened a synod of bishops to excommunicate the Patriarch of Constantinople, John Kalekas. Not long afterwards, Kantakouzenos ' ties with his new ally Orhan were cemented through the marriage of his daughter Theodora Kantakouzene to the Ottoman emir at an elaborate ceremony in Selymbria.	.	PUNCT	For	ADP	 For
He feared a Polish counter attack would retake the forts of Wola, or strike a wedge between his I and II Corps. He ordered all offensive actions in Wola halted. His artillery continued to duel with the Poles, but infantry was withdrawn and Paskevich himself left	left	VERB	his	PRON	 his
It follows Diana Guzman, a troubled teenager from Brooklyn who decides to channel her aggression by training to become a boxer, despite the disapproval of both her father and her prospective trainers and competitors in the male dominated sport. Kusama wrote the screenplay for Girlfight after learning	learning	VERB	to	ADP	 to
Following the releases of Satan's Slave (1976), Prey (1978) and Terror (1979), Norman J. Warren had at first been attached to direct a film titled Gargoyles. When this production collapsed at the scripting stage, Warren and his producer,	,	PUNCT	Richard	PROPN	 Richard
At the east end of the north aisle is the Mainwaring chapel, which was originally a Lady Chapel; at the north side of the tower is the Dorfold chantry. Old stone seating remains around the sides of the church, which is unusual. In the Mainwaring	Mainwaring	VERB	chapel	NOUN	 chapel
The town is now served only by a single light rail system and regular bus services. The Metrolink opened on 6 April 1992 along the L & YR line between Manchester and Bury / Bury and Altrincham (Manchester also servers as a change point for the rest of	of	ADP	the	DET	 the
After those two wins, Alabama had a 6 – 3 record heading into the final two weeks of the regular season. In the second to last week, the Crimson Tide were defeated, 26 – 14, by Mississippi State. In the final week of the	the	DET	season	NOUN	 season
As had been the case with several earlier campaigns, the commercial was to air in several bursts, throughout 2005 and 2006. Spots were purchased in the commercial breaks of sports broadcasts, high budget television dramas and shows whose primary audience overlapped with the campaign's target	target	NOUN	demographic	ADJ	 demographic
When the deal ended in mid 2004, Jive Records released the song on the iTunes Store and Rhapsody on August 17, 2004. " (I've Just Begun) Having My Fun " peaked at number seven on the iTunes chart while it was speculated to be	be	AUX	in	ADP	 in
The rating of midshipman by order, or midshipman ordinary, was used specifically for graduates of the Royal Naval College, to distinguish them from midshipmen who had served aboard ship, who were paid more. The school was unpopular in the Navy, because officers enjoyed the	the	DET	privilege	NOUN	 privilege
" They were the first to give a recital of ballroom dance at Carnegie Hall They appeared at the Chicago Palmer House and then at the Cocoanut Grove in Hollywood. Veloz and Yolanda moved to Southern California in the 1940s. The Cocoanut Grove performances led to movie contracts	contracts	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
The 6th Division's structure changed considerably during its existence with units being detached or attached to meet operational needs. This was particularly so during early 1942 and late 1943. Below is a divisional order of battle that is indicative of its generic make up. In addition	addition	NOUN	to	ADP	 to
It was initially suggested as the site of the battle by George Neilson in 1899 and was the leading theory in the early 1900s, having obtained support from historians such as Charles Oman. Kevin Halloran argues that the different forms used by various authors when naming the battle	battle	NOUN	site	NOUN	 site
Taking up this position, he moved to Cardiff with his family in August 1920, although he initially disliked the city. The museum was in disarray; prior to the war, construction had begun on a new purpose built building to house the collections. This had	had	AUX	ceased	VERB	 ceased
Fox crossed into Ontario at the town of Hawkesbury on the last Saturday in June. He was met by a brass band and thousands of residents who lined the streets to cheer him on, while the Ontario Provincial Police gave him an escort throughout the province. Despite	Despite	SCONJ	the	DET	 the
The following year, when the running bounce and other rules were formalised at a meeting of club delegates under Harrison's chairmanship, Wills was not present; his move to Geelong had rendered him peripheral to the process of rule making in Melbourne. Intercolonials between Victoria and	and	CCONJ	New	PROPN	 New
Between Nydalen and Storo, lines 4 and 6 swap numbers. From the city centre, line 4 comes from the Lambertseter Line, line 3 from the Østensjø Line and line 6 from the Sognsvann Line. After line 4 and 6 have run through the loop,	,	PUNCT	they	PRON	 they
There are several running jokes throughout the series. Established in Goldfinger is Q's continuing disgust at how his equipment is often lost, damaged or destroyed by Bond during missions. Another is how easily distracted Bond is in the lab (" Now pay attention ")	)	PUNCT	as	SCONJ	 as
The video cuts with the backdrop also burning. Continuing to the car scene, Usher stops as he sees his imaginary girl again. He went out and dances, executing various hand routines. Video intercuts follow and the video ends with Usher standing with his back.	.	PUNCT	Also	ADV	 Also
The Inuit and Alaska Natives have many folk tales featuring the bears including legends in which bears are humans when inside their own houses and put on bear hides when going outside, and stories of how the constellation that is said to resemble a great bear surrounded by dogs	dogs	NOUN	came	VERB	 came
When the imaginary parts of any eigenvalues (shown in cyan) are non zero, the bike exhibits oscillation. The eigenvalues are point symmetric about the origin and so any bike design with a self stable region in forward speeds will not be self stable going backwards at	at	ADP	the	DET	 the
Novakovic says that " Natasha is furious, but it does make her stop and think about what she is doing. " Natasha does begin to have her doubts about the relationship and she decides to test Andrew, by telling him she wants their relationship to have to	to	PART	be	AUX	 be
While most of Graham's statistical records have been surpassed in the modern era, he still holds the NFL record for career average yards gained per pass attempt, with 8.98. He also holds the record for the highest career winning percentage for an NFL starting quarterback,	,	PUNCT	at	ADP	 at
Drainage schemes to alleviate it were constructed on both sides of the river. The Holderness Drainage scheme to the east was completed in 1772, with a second phase in 1805, and the Beverley and Barmston Drain to the west was completed in 1810. Since 1980,	,	PUNCT	the	DET	 the
Posing as a Polish laborer working in a jam factory, he served on patrols, raided food convoys, and assassinated members of the Gestapo during a probationary period. After the camp was attacked in December, which not only killed several resistance members but also caused a	a	DET	split	NOUN	 split
On The Way I See It, everything was pretty much tube pre's and tube compressors. On this one, I wanted to play around with some of the more solid state gear ". Some of the album's songs were recorded by Saadiq with his live	live	ADJ	band	NOUN	 band
The newspaper subsequently apologized for the mistake. Lee Jenkins of Sports Illustrated attributed Philadelphia's loss to a lack of pitching depth, noting that three different Yankees starters managed to win games in the series, while only Cliff Lee won games for the Phillies. The Phillies	Phillies	PROPN	'	PART	 '
Pete discovers that Ken is writing science fiction under a pseudonym, which angers Roger Sterling. Pete's emasculation continues after a routine office meeting ends in fisticuffs. The episode's title is derived from the infamous 1959 driving safety film of the same name, which Pete	Pete	PROPN	Campbell	PROPN	 Campbell
The tower, which would now contain the common room, was moved from the area of the former hall staircase to the east end of the chapel. When the plans were shown to Nuffield in early 1940, the only change that he requested before giving his approval	approval	NOUN	was	AUX	 was
The concert was given in the Grand Philharmonia Hall on 9 August 1942. This was the day Hitler had previously designated to celebrate the fall of the city with a lavish banquet at Leningrad's Astoria Hotel. The performance was preceded by a pre recorded radio address by	by	ADP	Eliasberg	PROPN	 Eliasberg
On 23 April, Goebbels made the following proclamation to the people of Berlin: I call on you to fight for your city. Fight with everything you have got, for the sake of your wives and your children, your mothers and your parents. Your arms	arms	NOUN	are	AUX	 are
In the 1950s, DE 71 was rerouted to head to the Maryland border southwest of Middletown to connect to Maryland Route 71 (MD 71), with the former route south of Middletown becoming an extended DE 896. Between the 1950s and 1980s, DE 71 was	was	AUX	signed	VERB	 signed
When she tells Peter what she witnessed, he tells her to hide under the bed. She complies, but the men find and take her anyway. After Peter talks to the kidnappers, one of them tells him " Drakkar Noir " before hanging up. After	After	ADP	that	PRON	 that
Bell has also done a public service announcement for Do Something's Healthy Living Campaign. In 2014, Bell launched a Prizeo campaign offering fans a chance to win a date with her in return for donating to Invisible Children. Bell supported and campaigned for Barack Obama during	during	ADP	the	DET	 the
The Tempest was one of the staples of the repertoire of Romantic Era theatres. John Philip Kemble produced an acting version which was closer to Shakespeare's original, but nevertheless retained Dorinda and Hippolito. Kemble was much mocked for his insistence on archaic pronunciation of Shakespeare's	's	PART	texts	NOUN	 texts
Salt was still the most important item of trade in this period, but trading with oxen, maidservants, and wine is also documented in royal charters. In 1257, Béla IV of Hungary (1235 – 1270) appointed his eldest son, the future Stephen V	V	PROPN	(	PUNCT	 (
The Sunni Muslim Mufassir Ibn Kathir mentions that [Quran 33: 10 – 22 (Translated by Yusuf Ali)] is about this incident in his book Tafsir ibn Kathir, and his commentary on this verse mentions the reason and event of the Battle, his commentary	commentary	NOUN	is	AUX	 is
As characters gain experience points their mutant superpowers and unique abilities can be upgraded. Items found during gameplay can also be equipped to further enhance a character's abilities. Characters can combine attacks to create a combo, in which two or more players punch or kick a	a	DET	single	ADJ	 single
For example, the Newton's cradle has eight suspended balls, and there are five birds on the cover. The album booklet features an octagonal maze, spider and octopus, among other references. The landscape on the cover is made up of a sky and grass	grass	NOUN	from	ADP	 from
The Lords of Shadow reboot series, starting with the character's introduction in Castlevania: Lords of Shadow - Mirror of Fate, changes Alucard's backstory, revealing him as Trevor Belmont, once a mortal who was transformed into a vampire after his death at the hands	hands	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
To Your Tents, O Israel excoriated the government for ignoring social issues and concentrating solely on Irish Home Rule, a matter Shaw declared of no relevance to socialism. In 1894 the Fabian Society received a substantial bequest from a sympathiser, Henry Hunt Hutchinson — Holroyd mentions	mentions	VERB	£	SYM	 £
The broadcast schedule change led to some consistency and time line errors, which Homicide producers addressed by adding the words " One hot night, last September... " to the beginning of the episode. Actress N ' Bushe Wright makes a guest appearance as a cleaning woman	woman	NOUN	who	PRON	 who
The British rear was also in some disarray. Wounded soldiers that were mobile had made their way to the landing areas, and were being ferried back to Boston, and the wounded lying on the field of battle were the source of moans and cries of pain.	.	PUNCT	General	PROPN	 General
He also was named to the Pro Bowl for his performances in the 1985 and 1993 seasons. He finished his career with 33,462 passing yards and has since gone on to be a career broadcaster of NFL games — first as an analyst for ESPN, then as a	a	DET	in	ADP	 in
" Crook goes further still, arguing that the rooms reach beyond architecture to create " three dimensional passports to fairy kingdoms and realms of gold. In Cardiff Castle we enter a land of dreams. " The Castle was given to Cardiff City Corporation by the 5th Marquess	Marquess	PROPN	of	ADP	 of
Yet Heath moves beyond ideological content analysis to examine Jaws as a signal example of the film as " industrial product " that sells on the basis of " the pleasure of cinema, thus yielding the perpetuation of the industry (which is why part of the meaning of	of	ADP	Jaws	PROPN	 Jaws
Although reinforcements continued to arrive, LXXXI Corps ' units suffered heavily; the 12th Infantry Division had lost half its combat strength between 16 – 23 September, and the 49th and 275th Infantry Divisions had had to be pulled off the line to recuperate. While German infantry	infantry	NOUN	divisions	NOUN	 divisions
" The New Rolling Stone Album Guide gave the album three out of five stars. The Iowa State Daily called the album " the greatest pop culture comeback of all time ". The album did not chart. The album appeared on The A.V. Club's list of	of	ADP	the	DET	 the
In a public meeting in May 2016, the MTA unveiled the first iteration New York City Subway map that included the Second Avenue Subway and a rerouted Q service. At the meeting, the MTA also made several suggestions for service changes, including making the N train	train	NOUN	express	NOUN	 express
Some men said Small's speech included words to the effect of having the officers " by the tail " or " by the ass ". Coakley was challenged by Veltmann when he attempted to bring the men's signed statements in as evidence but the court allowed the	the	DET	statements	NOUN	 statements
" Chuck Versus the Wedding Planner " was directed by Anton Cropper and written by Rafe Judkins and Lauren LeFranc. It originally aired in the United States on April 18, 2011, on NBC as the twenty first episode of Chuck's fourth season and the seventy fifth	fifth	ADJ	episode	NOUN	 episode
Despite this, she graduated from high school on time and earned a degree in psychology from the University of Maryland, College Park, where she was in the Psi Chi Honor Society. While at the University of Maryland, she hosted a call in radio show where	where	SCONJ	she	PRON	 she
The Buteyko breathing technique for controlling hyperventilation may result in a reduction in medication use; however, the technique does not have any effect on lung function. Thus an expert panel felt that evidence was insufficient to support its use. The prognosis for asthma is generally good	good	ADJ	,	PUNCT	,
He also won the NL Player of the Week Award for the week of September 19 – 25, 2011 after he hit.423 (11 for 26) with nine runs scored and three home runs during that week. Kemp wound up hitting 39 home runs in 2011 with	with	ADP	126	NUM	 126
By now promoted to substantive colonel, in 1950 he was a member of the Bridgeford Mission, which advised the Australian government on the state of the Malayan Emergency. On a visit to Singapore in February – March 1951 as part of a joint planning team, he	he	PRON	urged	VERB	 urged
Both these species had expanding ranges in the second half of the 20th century. In all settings the infected lower primates or humans greatly increase the number of circulating dengue viruses, in a process called amplification. The first record of a case of probable dengue fever is	is	AUX	in	ADP	 in
In November 2009, her classification was revisited due to deterioration of her vision and she was deemed eligible to compete. She is aiming to become the first Australian Paralympic competitor to win medals at both the Summer and Winter Paralympics. She played netball and basketball with able	able	ADJ	bodied	ADJ	 bodied
In 2000, a 16 year old boy had huffed lighter gas at the station, and was found dead on the platform the next morning. On 25 October 2006, a cultural meeting place was established inside the station building, initiated by the association " Galleri Texas	Texas	PROPN	"	PUNCT	 "
On a separate review, Jon Pareles said that the song will remain as one of Beyoncé most memorable tracks thanks to its streak of rage which is " perfectly groomed but unmistakable ". Bill Lamb of About.com chose " Freakum Dress " as one of the three best	best	ADJ	songs	NOUN	 songs
One described the piece as " a jolting debut: a clumsy plagiarism of the Russian School " and called Ravel a " mediocrely gifted debutant... who will perhaps become something if not someone in about ten years, if he works hard. " Another critic, Pierre	Pierre	PROPN	Lalo	PROPN	 Lalo
The stone used in Heinz Field's design is artificial, in order to decrease cost. Of the glass used in the stadium's design, Lehman said, " The glass is a more modern building element, which ties into a lot of the buildings in [	[	X	Downtown	PROPN	Downtown
Los Reyes was shot by anarchists during the 14 April military parade that commemorated the 5 years of the Republic. Fernando Condés, the leader of the Guardia de Asalto, was a close personal friend of Castillo. The next day, his squad had sought to arrest	arrest	VERB	José	PROPN	 José
From June to August each year, she would depart with midshipmen for their summer training cruise and then return to operate for the rest of the year as a classroom. In June 1867, her last known plank owner William Bryant died in Maine. George Dewey assumed	assumed	VERB	command	NOUN	 command
The fleet made its first landfall at Cozumel; Maya temples were cast down and a Christian cross was put up on one of them. At Cozumel Cortés heard rumours of bearded men on the Yucatán mainland, who he presumed were Europeans. Cortés sent out messengers to	to	ADP	them	PRON	 them
However, Keats incorporates spondees in 37 of the 250 metrical feet. Caesurae are never placed before the fourth syllable in a line. The word choice represents a shift from Keats's early reliance on Latinate polysyllabic words to shorter, Germanic words. In the second stanza	stanza	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
The car's nose was shortened by 200 millimetres (7.9 in) to attempt to comply with regulations, but was still 66 millimetres (2.6 in) too wide. In 2005 the governing body of the ALMS, the International Motor Sports Association (IMSA),	,	PUNCT	allowed	VERB	 allowed
It is the third installment in the Advance Wars series (first on DS media) and was released in Japan on June 23, 2005, in North America on August 22, 2005, in Europe on September 30, 2005, and in Australia on March 22	22	NUM	,	PUNCT	,
Audisio himself did not speak publicly about it until he published his account in a series of five articles in L ' Unità later that month (and repeated in a book that Audisio later wrote which was published in 1975, two years after his death). Other	Other	ADJ	versions	NOUN	 versions
An alternative explanation suggests the upp could refer to the geographical relationship to a church at Barking or Tilbury in Anglo Saxon times. There was an ancient farmstead from the 1st century to the 3rd century in the Upminster area, and agriculture was the predominant industry throughout the	the	DET	following	ADJ	 following
" The only complaint was found that it " does not sufficiently misrepresent the ease and luxury of the underworld. It shows a scarlet woman who finds the " easiest way " truly easy. She does not die, nor even suffer. The intended moral of the	the	DET	picture	NOUN	 picture
Faced with both the Petition of Right and a demand to remove his favourite, while requiring Parliament to provide subsidies for the war effort, Charles accepted defeat. After he gave a grudging assurance that the petition would be accepted on 2 June, saying: The King	King	PROPN	willeth	VERB	 willeth
The bill would have put some of Alaska's vast federal land holdings under state control while preserving other portions for federal parks and refuges; the action would earn Gravel the enmity of fellow Alaska Senator Ted Stevens. In 1980, a new lands bill came up for	for	ADP	consideration	NOUN	 consideration
The competition was played intermittently between 1970 and 1996 between clubs from England and Italy. It was founded by Gigi Peronace, following the two team Anglo Italian League Cup in 1969. The initial Anglo Italian Cup was played as an annual tournament from 1970 to 1973.	.	PUNCT	The	DET	 The
In 2002, New Zealand fan Graham Howard uncovered excised clips from The Web of Fear and The Wheel in Space, episode 5. A fan in Australia has returned small excerpts of off screen footage, recorded from repeat showings using an 8 mm cine film camera.	.	PUNCT	The	DET	 The
The male or males associated with the pride must defend their relationship to the pride from outside males who attempt to take over their relationship with the pride. Lions prefer to scavenge when the opportunity presents itself with carrion providing more than 50% of their diet. They	They	PRON	scavenge	VERB	 scavenge
From the beginning of Australia's colonial period until after the Second World War, people from the United Kingdom made up a large majority of people coming to Australia, meaning that many people born in Australia can trace their origins to Britain. The colony of New South	South	PROPN	Wales	PROPN	 Wales
" Following the season's conclusion, Durand stated that he would not be surprised if his character returned in the fifth season and concluding that " Lost was really fun. If I can have that experience in any genre, I'd take it. " Durand returned	returned	VERB	for	ADP	 for
The planned program eschewed division by academic discipline and preferred holistic study of human civilization, particularly ancient Athens and the contemporary United States. The school sought to foster students who understood themselves in the context of their surrounding society as a " total human undertaking ". Meiklejohn	Meiklejohn	PROPN	wanted	VERB	 wanted
Formed in 1914 as part of the all volunteer Australian Imperial Force from Queensland and Tasmanian recruits, the battalion fought during the Gallipoli Campaign and on the Western Front during the First World War. It was disbanded after the war in 1919, but later re raised as	as	ADP	a	DET	 a
Session musicians such as Jimmy Page and John Paul Jones regularly played in Denmark Street studios. In 1964, The Kinks with Page on guitar and Jon Lord (later to form Deep Purple) on piano, recorded " You Really Got Me " in one of the	the	DET	basement	NOUN	 basement
The sexes are similar in appearance, but juveniles have pale edges to the upperparts and flight feathers. The other subspecies differ from the nominate form as detailed above. The rock martin's flight is slow, with rapid wing beats interspersed with flat winged glides, and	and	CCONJ	it	PRON	 it
References to it appear in many later works of fiction, including Jane Eyre, Cranford and The House of the Seven Gables. Its fame was not limited to English speaking nations: Rasselas was immediately translated into five languages (French, Dutch, German, Russian and	and	CCONJ	Italian	ADJ	 Italian
Jew demanded $80,000 for his assistance, but agreed to accept $40,000. The shop owners then contacted the FBI, which supplied the cash for a sting operation. The FBI used an undercover agent to meet with Jew and hand over the money. Jew claimed	claimed	VERB	that	SCONJ	 that
To film the scene where Gwen and Carys kiss, actresses Eve Myles and Sara Gregory discussed how they would execute it beforehand and agreed that they have to imagine Gregory as Johnny Depp, and Myles as Brad Pitt. To film the exploding rat sequence, episode director	director	NOUN	Brian	PROPN	 Brian
" Beyond's selection of stories has been described by science fiction historian Michael Ashley as " seeking to achieve … high quality fantasy fiction acceptable to all readers "; he adds that Beyond was more successful than Fantastic Science Fiction, a competitor in this niche, because	because	SCONJ	Gold	PROPN	 Gold
George grew into a healthy but reserved and shy child. The family moved to Leicester Square, where George and his younger brother Prince Edward, Duke of York and Albany, were educated together by private tutors. Family letters show that he could read and write in	in	ADP	both	CCONJ	 both
Poledouris would, otherwise, have had to conduct the orchestra and adjust his compositions on the fly. Conan is the first film to list Musync in its credits. Milius and Poledouris exchanged ideas throughout production, working out themes and " emotional tones " for each scene	scene	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
Gengler identified the aforementioned paper as Al Watan and added that the writer of " Ayatollah Obama " series was praised by al Mushīr and promoted to Editor in Chief a year later. The Khawalid brothers rising influence and divisions within House of Khalifa prompted two former U.S. officials	officials	NOUN	to	PART	 to
Simultaneously, it struck near Chokoloskee, Florida. Due to the storm's barometric pressure at the time, it was the most intense tropical cyclone landfall in Florida since the 1935 Labor Day hurricane. Several locations reported an " eye ", leading some meteorologists at the	the	DET	time	NOUN	 time
The rebels sought a reduction in taxation, an end to the system of unfree labour known as serfdom and the removal of the King's senior officials and law courts. Inspired by the sermons of the radical cleric John Ball, and led by Wat Tyler, a	a	DET	contingent	NOUN	 contingent
Some Christians saw Bush as signaling the End Times betrayal by a world leader. Secular anticommunists saw a bold attempt to smash US sovereignty and impose a tyrannical collectivist system run by the United Nations. American televangelist Pat Robertson, with his 1991 best selling book The New	New	PROPN	World	PROPN	 World
" Reviewer Greg Locke praised the record as " one of the best albums of the year, " calling it a " timeless record, full of sweet, hopeful sophistication and class " and " a lean, mean, soulful album. " Like Hernandez, Locke	Locke	PROPN	acknowledged	VERB	 acknowledged
The London Power Company's first of these super power stations was planned for the Battersea area, on the south bank of the River Thames in London. The proposal was made in 1927, for a station built in two stages and capable of generating 400 megawatts (	(	PUNCT	MW	PROPN	MW
Tolmé designed a starkly functional lattice truss bridge of wrought iron. It cost £40,000 (about £3.2 million in 2016) to build, and consisted of five identical spans, supported by four pairs of concrete filled iron piers; each of the cylindrical piers was	was	AUX	sunk	VERB	 sunk
Several major book publishers including Penguin Books, HarperCollins, Simon & Schuster and Macmillan have committed to publishing books for the device. Despite being a direct competitor to both the Amazon Kindle and Barnes & Noble Nook, both Amazon.com and Barnes & Noble offer e reader apps	apps	NOUN	for	ADP	 for
Repentless sold 49,000 copies in its first week and debuted number four on the US Billboard 200, the band's highest position in its native country. The album fell to number 34 on the Billboard 200 in its second week, selling 11,000 copies. Seven weeks after	after	ADP	being	AUX	 being
The test claimed to target participants who were unaware of the existence of Burger King or McDonald's, and had never eaten a hamburger. Three remote areas of the world — Baan Khun Chang Kiean, Thailand; Kulusuk, Greenland; and Budeşti, Romania — were	were	AUX	targeted	VERB	 targeted
These colonies were also closely blockaded themselves and, as a result, their ability to trade independently was severely curtailed, resulting in economic collapse, severe food shortages and social unrest. Messages warning of the deteriorating situation in the colonies had been sent during the summer of	of	ADP	1808	NUM	 1808
At every opportunity, the media has dissected and manipulated these allegations to reach their own conclusions. " The singer began taking painkillers, Valium, Xanax and Ativan to deal with the stress of the allegations made against him. Jackson's health had deteriorated to the extent	extent	NOUN	that	SCONJ	 that
I point next to the vast increase of what I may term the migratory population, the population of the city who now oscillate between the country and the city, who leave the City of London every afternoon and return every morning. Many of the proposed schemes were	were	AUX	rejected	VERB	 rejected
Very little is known about his childhood and early years as an adult. He is argued by most historians to have been the illegitimate son of Wallachian Prince Pătraşcu cel Bun, (Pătrașcu the Good) of the Drăculeşti branch of the House of Basarab, while others	others	NOUN	believe	VERB	 believe
Meanwhile, the Reserve Army is mobilized by Olbricht, unbeknownst to Fromm, to stand by. With no action taken, Stauffenberg safely extracts himself and the bomb from the bunker, and the Reserve Army is ordered to stand down, believing that the mobilization was a	a	DET	drill	NOUN	 drill
Project M includes a number of adjustments and tweaks intended to make the characters from Super Smash Bros. Melee and Brawl more balanced, as well as add touches that felt more true to their games of origin. For example, the staff felt that the character Wario in	in	ADP	Brawl	PROPN	 Brawl
When war broke out between France and its rivals, Russian and Austrian forces invaded Switzerland. The Swiss refused to fight alongside the French in the name of the Helvetic Republic. In 1803 Napoleon organised a meeting of the leading Swiss politicians from both sides in Paris.	.	PUNCT	The	DET	 The
Peter Hall worked with Barker at Oxford and gave him his break, casting him as the Chantyman and Joe Silva in his production of Mourning Becomes Electra at the Arts Theatre in London's West End in 1955. By the time he had made it to the West	West	PROPN	End	NOUN	 End
" Anything goes among the physics community – cosmic wormholes, time travel, " he argues, " just so long as it keeps its distance from anything mystical or New Age ish. " Referring to this position as " pathological disbelief, " he holds it responsible	responsible	ADJ	for	ADP	 for
The show also featured several Syco related music acts. Sponsorship for the first series was initially targeted at National Lottery operator Camelot Group, but eventually went with Jackpotjoy owner Gamesys and Domino's Pizza. The second series was sponsored by controversial loans site wonga.com. In the	the	DET	week	NOUN	 week
The Games were also webcast for the first time. Because of these efforts the Sydney Paralympics reached a global audience estimated at 300 million people. Also significant was the fact that the organizers did not have to pay networks to televise the Games as had been done at	at	ADP	the	DET	 the
(State sales taxes generally exempt these types of basic need items in an effort to reduce the tax burden on low income families. The FairTax would use a monthly rebate system instead of the common state exclusions.) Internet purchases would be taxed, as would retail	retail	VERB	international	ADJ	 international
Wong's own showpiece, a Caonima (alpaca) sculpture, was one of the stars of the show. Since then, Wong has become known for his eye catching displays at public demonstrations drawing attention to Hong Kong's political situation. Fond of quoting Ai,	,	PUNCT	Wong	PROPN	 Wong
The operation meant leapfrogging the Japanese defenses at Hansa Bay, but was risky because it was outside the range of land based air cover. Cover was instead provided by aircraft carriers of the United States Pacific Fleet, but this meant that the operation had to adhere to	to	ADP	a	DET	 a
This is the same list used in the 2000 season except for Kirk, which replaced Keith. No storm was given a previously unused name, for the first time since the 1993 season. It was the first hurricane season since the 1997 season that no Atlantic names	names	NOUN	were	AUX	 were
Conflicting reports reached the outside world and for a time it was feared that Tom had died. In the press, Horatio was accused of ignoring warnings and allowing Aborigines to encroach on his property. The retribution was also called excessive. Tom vehemently defended his father against	against	ADP	any	DET	 any
In addition to being used for attacks, AP may be saved and allocated to Attack Points for combo attacks during later turns. A total of 28 AP may be accumulated for combo attacks. Characters can also use a variety of magical abilities for both offense and ally	ally	NOUN	support	NOUN	 support
Local councils lobbied the Department for Transport, in connection with the 2012 Olympic Games, to relay the double track and increase services. Services to London Waterloo began running every 30 minutes from December 2007, but services through Bristol to Cardiff were reduced. An unusual feature	feature	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
The Liberty Head nickel was heavily struck during its 30 year run, except during economic downturns in 1885 – 1886 and in 1894, when only small numbers were struck. In 1890, Congress ended production of the three cent piece, leaving the five cent coin as	as	ADP	the	DET	 the
This theorem, which is used for finding constants of motion, states that any infinitesimal variation of the generalized coordinates of a physical system <formula> that causes the Lagrangian to vary to first order by a total time derivative <formula> corresponds to a conserved quantity	quantity	NOUN	Γ	NOUN	 Γ
In one 35 minute passage of play, he and Constantine added 91 runs, before he departed for 185 from 165 minutes. He had scored a total of 124 runs in 115 minutes of batting in the morning session. Miller had struck a total of 13 fours	fours	NOUN	and	CCONJ	 and
We can not speak in praise of its receipts for the higher kinds of cookery, but we dare say that they will be very much admired by precisely that class of gastronomes whose judgement is worth nothing. " The review concluded that " though we have no respect	respect	NOUN	for	ADP	 for
This allowed Apolo to kick Kip in the face and cover for a near fall. Brown then gained the win for his team after crashing into Apolo with his signature Pounce maneuver at 9 minutes and 58 seconds. The following contest pitted Chris Sabin against Petey Williams,	,	PUNCT	lasting	VERB	 lasting
The plateau is 12 kilometres (7.5 mi) long from west to east; and 7 – 8 kilometres (4.3 – 5.0 mi) wide south to north, 7 – 8 kilometres (4.3 – 5.0 mi) wide in the far south; 9 – 10	10	NUM	kilometres	NOUN	 kilometres
Lincoln removed McClellan as general in chief in March 1862, after McClellan's " Harrison's Landing Letter ", in which he offered unsolicited political advice to Lincoln urging caution in the war effort. The office remained empty until July, when Henry Halleck was selected for	for	ADP	it	PRON	 it
It has also been known to feed with mixed species foraging flocks, although this behavior is abnormal. When this does occur, it is most frequently seen foraging with the thorn tailed rayadito; flocks of thirty tufted tit tyrants in these mixed species foraging groups have been	been	AUX	reported	VERB	 reported
The Delaware and Shawnee tribes historically had camps and wigwams on the creek. The Delaware tribe was hunting and fishing in the vicinity of the creek's watershed as early as 1675. The first land grant in Nescopeck Township was located to the west of Big Wapwallopen Creek	Creek	PROPN	.	PUNCT	.
On February 9, McGary played 32 minutes in an overtime loss to Wisconsin, totaling 12 points, 3 steals and 8 rebounds. For his efforts in two overtime games on the week, McGary earned his second Big Ten Freshman of the Week honor on February 11	11	NUM	.	PUNCT	.
Gil Kaufman from MTV News described the song as a " bouncy homage to thug love that featured the signature DC mix of urban grit and slick production ". Rashod Ollisong writing for The Baltimore Sun gave a more mixed review for the song, writing " It is	is	AUX	catchy	ADJ	 catchy
' " Although he appreciated Ciara for lowering down the sex appeal and relying on her vocals, Ed Easton, Jr. of WXRK gave the video seven of ten stars, and said that it was not enough to put Ciara " ahead of all the talented musical divas	divas	NOUN	in	ADP	 in
However, in October 1942, based upon a special request from Adolf Hitler, German Admiral Paul Wenneker, attached to the German Naval Attache in Japan, was allowed to inspect a Yamato class battleship while it was undergoing maintenance in a dockyard, at which time Admiral	Admiral	PROPN	Wenneker	PROPN	 Wenneker
Cochrane has also proposed a cosmopolitan alternative to Sue Donaldson and Will Kymlicka's picture of a political animal rights, explicated in their 2011 book Zoopolis. Though Donaldson and Kymlicka have defended their account against Cochrane's criticism, they have said that they welcome attempts to develop	develop	VERB	alternative	ADJ	 alternative
Sobekhotep IV, whose reign marks the apex of the 13th Dynasty, mentions on a stela (Cairo JE 51911) that was placed in the temple of Amun at Karnak that he was born in Thebes: My majesty [came] to the Southern City since I	I	PRON	wanted	VERB	 wanted
Kurt was subsequently paired with another new character, Blaine Anderson, a member of the rival show choir group the Dalton Academy Warblers, who is initially a mentor for Kurt. Murphy was unsure at first whether their relationship would become a romantic one, and stated that	that	SCONJ	he	PRON	 he
Online's Jenna Mullins wrote that " the ice around [her] heart melted just a bit when Puck mouthed Lauren that little bit of encouragement at the start of her solo. " Lauren has received mostly positive reviews from television critics. Canning praised Fink's performance	performance	NOUN	in	ADP	 in
Verity regained his place in the team for the third Test, replacing Bowes. The match was highly controversial owing to England's continued and increased use of Bodyline tactics. Verity's main contributions to the match came from his batting: he shared partnerships worth over 90	90	NUM	runs	NOUN	 runs
Some planets with larger orbits have been discovered by direct imaging but there is a middle range of distances, roughly equivalent to the Solar System's gas giant region, which is largely unexplored. Direct imaging equipment for exploring that region is being installed on the world's	's	PART	largest	ADJ	 largest
Johansson next had a supporting role in the Christopher Nolan thriller The Prestige (2006), again opposite Hugh Jackman, as well as Christian Bale. Nolan, who described Johansson as possessing an " ambiguity... a shielded quality ", said he was " very keen	keen	ADJ	"	PUNCT	 "
The series was later rebroadcast on TBS. ADV Films announced on September 21, 2007 at the Anime Weekend Atlanta anime convention that they have officially licensed the second Kanon anime series. ADV had previously posted a trailer for the series in August 2007, but was soon	soon	ADV	taken	VERB	 taken
However, a desire to deceive medical personnel in order to gain treatment and attention is more important in Münchausen's than in self harm. Abuse during childhood is accepted as a primary social factor increasing the incidence of self harm, as is bereavement, and troubled parental	parental	ADJ	or	CCONJ	 or
The first well known frog battery was created by Carlo Matteucci in 1845, but there had been others before him. Matteucci also created batteries out of other animals, and Giovanni Aldini created a battery from ox heads. In the early days of electrical research, a	a	DET	common	ADJ	 common
Below Imperial Dam, only a small portion of the Colorado River makes it beyond Yuma, Arizona, and the confluence with the intermittent Gila River – which carries runoff from western New Mexico and most of Arizona – before defining about 24 miles (39 km) of	of	ADP	the	DET	 the
It was named for Eeyore, a chronically depressed donkey in A. A. Milne's Winnie the Pooh stories who, in one story, believes his friends have forgotten his birthday only to discover they have planned a surprise party for him. Despite its name, the event	event	NOUN	does	AUX	 does
The diagnosis of minimal hepatic encephalopathy requires neuropsychological testing by definition. Older tests include the " numbers connecting test " A and B (measuring the speed at which one could connect randomly dispersed numbers 1 – 20), the " block design test " and the "	"	PUNCT	digit	NOUN	 digit
Although several tracks are clearly angry, Stephen Thomas Erlewine of AllMusic found The Eminem Show less inflammatory than The Marshall Mathers LP. L. Brent Bozell III, who had criticized The Marshall Mathers LP for misogynistic lyrics, noted The Eminem Show's extensive use of obscenity and	and	CCONJ	called	VERB	 called
When Nea Salamina Famagusta was founded, Greece was entering a period of civil war between leftists and rightists. The situation in Greece affected Cyprus, both politically and socially; most athletes were also involved in politics. At this time, Famagusta had two sports clubs:	:	PUNCT	the	DET	 the
The depression initially moved northward toward Cuba, but eventually veered southwestward. By October 29, the depression made landfall in Nicaragua and dissipated several hours later. Impact from this system in Central America is unknown. A subtropical depression formed from an old weather front, or	or	CCONJ	baroclinic	ADJ	 baroclinic
On September 24, 2009, MTV announced, after the success the project proved with New Moon, that they will allow MTV registered users, to " watch and comment on any scene in the film's already released trailer ". MTV described the project as "	"	PUNCT	essentially	ADV	 essentially
In the vein of Light Years, Fever is a disco and dance pop album that contains elements of adult contemporary and club music. The recording of the album took place at studios such as the Biffco Studios in Dublin, Hutch Studios in Chicago, Olympic Studios in	in	ADP	London	PROPN	 London
" which literally translates to " many ovens " but within the context of the show is actually meant to be Spanglish for " many horns. " In Consuela's final appearance in the episode, she is seen watching a commercial, which parodies local commercials urging viewers	viewers	NOUN	to	PART	 to
However, after the local opposing political party launched its own inquiries, new evidence and witness testimonies surfaced which uncovered gross negligence and murder on the officers ' part, as well as the possibility of a local and federal cover up. Trials were held and a total	total	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
For the PP, former President of the Valencian community, Eduardo Zaplana, moved to Madrid district while Vicente Martinez Pujalte, who became the first deputy in the 2004 08 congress to be expelled from the chamber by the speaker, stood instead in Murcia. Both were	were	AUX	reelected	VERB	 reelected
In fact, because of Barbauld, Sarah Trimmer and Hannah More were galvanised to write for poor children and to organise a large scale Sunday School movement. Ann and Jane Taylor began writing children's poetry, the most famous of which is " Twinkle, Twinkle,	,	PUNCT	Little	PROPN	 Little
Gill, who thought of the design as something of a novelty, considered naming it " Double Elefans ". Gill's colleague Robert Harling (who many years later would collect an anthology and assessment of Gill's lettering) described it as " dismal " and sarcastically	sarcastically	ADV	commented	VERB	 commented
Hurley eventually convinces the others to push the van to a slope in order to get it started. Despite Sawyer's warnings, Hurley goes through with the plan. Charlie declares " victory or death " and rides with Hurley, as Sawyer and Jin push the vehicle	vehicle	NOUN	down	ADP	 down
However, some critics dissented on the idea that Opposing Force was as influential as other reviewers made out. PC Zone stated that " the taste left in the mouth is a bitter one ", noting that " Opposing Force is a few excellent ideas strung together by	by	ADP	pedestrian	NOUN	 pedestrian
They show features, such as lateral compression, an acute angle at the tip, small curvature, and an irregular cross section, that are usually seen in lower, not upper incisors in mammals with procumbent incisors, such as rodents and taeniolabidoid multituberculates. Four specimens	specimens	NOUN	(	PUNCT	 (
But other than this performance, Allen was ineffective. More successful in 1921, he opened the batting for a time; he also opened the bowling, topping the Eton bowling averages. He had some success at Lord's against Harrow and a particularly fast bowling spell	spell	NOUN	in	ADP	 in
Much of its range occurs in the Sydney Basin, an area with one of the highest human populations and most intense development in Australia. The impact of habitat fragmentation and decreased fire interval (time between bushfires) on the gene pool of Telopea speciosissima, which relies	relies	VERB	on	ADP	 on
all put together. Band on the run – escaping, freedom, criminals. You name it, it's there. " In a 1988 interview with Musician magazine, McCartney noted the drug busts musicians of the late 1960s and early 1970s experienced as an inspiration for	for	ADP	the	DET	 the
As Major General in the Suffolk Regiment, he was the senior military officer in New England. which included the responsibilities of subduing and controlling Native Americans and apprehending criminals, such as those accused of heresy. In 1644 he [Atherton] was sent, with Captains	Captains	PROPN	Johnson	PROPN	 Johnson
The upper midline of the nasal bones had a triangular sagittal crest, which was narrow and sharp in front. The lacrimal bone appears to have formed a horn core similar to those seen, for example, on Allosaurus. The dentary was very long and shallow,	,	PUNCT	with	ADP	 with
The interviewer eventually led them to conclude that zero was even; the students took different routes to this conclusion, drawing on a combination of images, definitions, practical explanations, and abstract explanations. In another study, David Dickerson and Damien Pitman examined the use of	of	ADP	definitions	NOUN	 definitions
The competitor channel Telefe aired the teen comedy Alma Pirata, which was rescheduled because of its low ratings, and replaced it with the second season of Casados con Hijos. Both programs had similar ratings until the end of Casados con Hijos in August. With an average	average	ADJ	rating	NOUN	 rating
At South Alabama, opposing teams respected his hitting ability; scouts told their pitchers: " Don't let Freese beat us. " As a junior in 2005, Freese hit.373, with a.443 on base percentage (OBP),.525 slugging percentage (SLG), and 52 runs	runs	NOUN	scored	VERB	 scored
When all three finally met for the first time Baird was shocked that Ingrid did not look anything like the Stanley family, as she had " pale blue eyes and fair hair ". Julia visited Mimi's house nearly every day, where they would chat over tea	tea	NOUN	and	CCONJ	 and
The last election took place in May 2015, giving a Council made up of 32 Conservative, 6 Liberal Democrat, 3 Poole People and 1 UKIP councillors. Poole's Mayor is Peter Adams (Conservative). Poole is represented by three parliamentary constituencies in the House	House	PROPN	of	ADP	 of
In the 1948 World Series, he pitched in game five, facing Mike McCormick and Eddie Stanky. He allowed singles to both hitters and allowed two runs to score, and was relieved by Satchel Paige, ending his only playoff appearance. After the World Series ended	ended	VERB	,	PUNCT	,
Upon the opening of the first Burger King restaurant in Carolina, Puerto Rico, the molds for the (standard) Whopper buns had not yet arrived to Puerto Rico from the United States mainland and thus there were no buns to make and sell the company's flagship	flagship	NOUN	Whopper	NOUN	 Whopper
Following the 1991 Gulf War and the subsequent dissolution of the Soviet Union, the United States Navy began to decommission and mothball many of the ships it had brought out of its reserve fleet in the drive to attain a 600 ship Navy. At the height of Navy	Navy	PROPN	Secretary	PROPN	 Secretary
Off India and Southeast Asia, this species has been severely depleted or extirpated by unregulated exploitation for its meat, fins, and liver oil. The sicklefin lemon shark was first described as Carcharias acutidens by German naturalist Eduard Rüppell, in the 1837 Fische des Rothen Meeres	Meeres	PROPN	(	PUNCT	 (
A similar report from the same source has the " sons of Raghnaill " join in a raid on the Irish city of Derry led by Tomás Mac Uchtraigh, brother of Alan, Lord of Galloway. Under the year 1212 it related that: Tomás Mac Uchtraigh,	,	PUNCT	with	ADP	 with
" [T] urn to full account existing heavy industry capacity and build many new industrial installations, especially in the machine industry, so as to support primary agriculture and light industry ". " [V] irtually complete socialist transformation in the South ". The	The	DET	Vietnamese	ADJ	 Vietnamese
The Cluj Napoca Police are headquartered on Decebal Street in the city centre (with a number of precincts throughout the city) and it is subordinated to the County's Police Inspectorate on Traian Street. City Hall has its own community police force, Poliția Primăriei, dealing	dealing	VERB	with	ADP	 with
He wrote additional music for the game's expansion packs, Counterstrike and Aftermath. He attributed the success of Red Alert to an infusion of modern styles not found in other games. Klepacki initially wrote off the popularity of his music, assuming that his music " must	must	AUX	only	ADV	 only
In 1937, thanks to donations from a number of colonial government officials and members of the business elite, Duyệt's tomb was renovated and extended. Under South Vietnamese rule, Duyệt was considered a great national hero and his image appeared on banknotes, while prominent streets	streets	NOUN	were	AUX	 were
It wasn ’ t like we could take him out between takes. He was in. The sequence was shot over a period of two days. Principal photography on the first day commenced inside a well, which was built by Gregory Melton in approximately four weeks.	.	PUNCT	It	PRON	 It
On 9 December 2008 the IWF reversed its blacklist of the Wikipedia pages on the basis of the " contextual issues involved in this specific case and, in light of the length of time the image has existed and its wide availability ". The blacklisting of Virgin Killer	Killer	PROPN	also	ADV	 also
After a hotel housing the remaining foreign nationals was attacked, Penfold organised a further evacuation, which was conducted by an American warship. The ship transported the evacuees — including Penfold — to Conakry in neighbouring Guinea. While in Conakry, Penfold advised Kabbah on re establishing	establishing	VERB	his	PRON	 his
" Kathi Kamen Goldmark of Disney Family.com felt that the song was tedious, simultaneously dull and so emotionally overwrought that it almost sounds like a parody of itself. Michael Wood of The Village Voice described the song as " a swoony acoustic folk pop that Goo Goo Doll	Doll	PROPN	Johnny	PROPN	 Johnny
Born in Australia, he moved to Canada at the age of 6, in 1894. He played in Winnipeg for three seasons, from 1906 to 1910. In 1910, he joined the Montreal Shamrocks of the National Hockey Association (NHA), before moving on	on	ADP	to	ADP	 to
During this time the ship was the target of a failed spar torpedo boat attack on 21 August. While resupplying ammunition on 8 September, New Ironsides was called to provide cover for the monitor Weehawken which had grounded between Fort Sumter and Cummings Point. New Ironsides anchored	anchored	VERB	1,200	NUM	 1,200
The tower and battery were protected by a sea filled ditch and a drawbridge. They remained standing until they were destroyed by waves in a storm on 8 February 1821, and today only the rock hewn ditch of the battery remains. In 1644, Giovanni de ’	’	PUNCT	Medici	PROPN	 Medici
Although this more than doubled the players ' pay, their remuneration amounted to only 4.5% of the revenue generated by the series. Within months, Chappell was back in England leading Australia in the inaugural World Cup. His dislike of the defensive nature of limited over	over	ADP	cricket	NOUN	 cricket
However, they quickly adjusted. Film Roman went on to do the animation for the rest of the series and eventually The Simpsons Movie. Previously, the animation was produced by Klasky Csupo. The chalkboard gag for this episode, " I will not defame New Orleans	Orleans	PROPN	"	PUNCT	 "
The mass influx of refugees presented various social issues for South Vietnam. The new arrivals needed to be integrated into society with jobs and housing, as long periods in tents and temporary housing would sap morale and possibly foster pro communist sympathies. Diem had to devise programs	programs	NOUN	to	PART	 to
The Iron Age began in Scotland from about the seventh century BCE. From this point there are the first finds of iron artifacts in hoards that are consistent containing other items that are consistent with Bronze Age practice. there is also evidence of smithing and smelting on some	some	DET	settlement	NOUN	 settlement
The widespread interest in women's writing is related to a general reassessment and expansion of the literary canon. Interest in post colonial literatures, gay and lesbian literature, writing by people of colour, working people's writing, and the cultural productions of other historically marginalized	marginalized	VERB	groups	NOUN	 groups
The invasion force fared poorly militarily, but the psychological warfare and the possibility of a U.S. invasion intimidated the Guatemalan army, which refused to fight. Árbenz resigned on 27 June, and following negotiations in San Salvador, Carlos Castillo Armas became President on 7 July 1954	1954	NUM	.	PUNCT	.
In the continuing Arab – Israeli conflict, although the initial cease fire had been implemented to end active conflict in the Yom Kippur War, Kissinger's continuing shuttle diplomacy was showing little progress. Ford considered it " stalling " and wrote, " Their [Israeli]	]	PUNCT	tactics	NOUN	 tactics
A contrary evaluation comes from Blue Öyster Cult biographer Martin Popoff, who has " come to dismiss it as somewhat of a sell out ". Despite it being " the band's heaviest, fulfilling many a fan ’ s wish for sustained metal ", Popoff finds	finds	VERB	"	PUNCT	 "
If you are going to swim for me you'll have to learn all over again. " O'Halloran refined his style and increased his workload to around 10 km a day, something that was normal for competitive swimmers in the eastern states, but uncommon in Western Australia	Australia	PROPN	.	PUNCT	.
The only two home runs he allowed in his final 12 starts and 61 innings with the RoughRiders occurred on July 3, against Round Rock. He struck out a season high eight batters on May 9 against El Paso. Young was promoted to the Triple A Oklahoma	Oklahoma	PROPN	RedHawks	PROPN	 RedHawks
The orangutan was first described scientifically in the Systema Naturae of Linnaeus as Simia satyrus. The populations on the two islands were classified as subspecies until 1996, when they were elevated to full species status, and the three distinct populations on Borneo were elevated to subspecies.	.	PUNCT	The	DET	 The
Later the New Directions serenade them in an attempt to be invited to their upcoming wedding. Brittany and Santana are we d in a double ceremony with Kurt and Blaine in the eighth episode " A Wedding ". Before the ceremony, Sue arrives with Alma, who	who	PRON	she	PRON	 she
While searching for the damaged submarine Shark on 6 July, she was badly damaged by bomb splinters and was under repair until 10 October. A week later, she ran aground, together with the destroyer Ashanti, on the Northumberland coast while escorting the battleship King George	George	PROPN	V.	PROPN	 V.
Paraphyses are cylindrical, septate, and measure 175 – 300 by 2 – 15 µm. Their tips are variably shaped, from rounded, to club shaped, to fuse shaped. The contents of the paraphyses are hyaline (translucent) to faintly brownish in dilute potassium	potassium	NOUN	hydroxide	NOUN	 hydroxide
Jeremy Borash and David Penzer were the ring announcers for the event. Andrew Thomas, Rudy Charles, and Mark " Slick " Johnson participated as referees for the encounters. Shane Douglas handled the interview duties during the show. Besides employees who appeared in a wrestling role	role	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
The season had a number of secondary characters including Jill Talley as Plankton's computer wife, Karen; Mary Jo Catlett as Mrs. Puff, SpongeBob's driving instructor; Lori Alan as Pearl, Mr. Krabs ' daughter; and Brian Doyle Murray as the Flying Dutchman.	.	PUNCT	Season	NOUN	 Season
Seinfeld's ability to keep a large number of Cheers ' audience eventually helped the show get a third season order. Ocala Star Banner critic Jon Burlingame praised the episode for its " smart humor " and stated the show could be a perfect fit between Cheers and L.A.	L.A.	PROPN	Law	PROPN	 Law
He was replaced by Carlos Mesa, who tried to strike a balance between U.S. and cocalero demands, but whom Morales mistrusted. In November, Morales spent 24 hours with Cuban President Fidel Castro in Havana, and then met Argentinian President Nestor Kirchner. In the 2004	2004	NUM	municipal	ADJ	 municipal
Both the book and cards were originally published by Samuel Leigh, 18 Strand, London, although the publishing firm had moved to 421 Strand and changed its name to M. A. Leigh by the fourth edition. The cards and books came within a box illustrated with a	a	DET	woman	NOUN	 woman
Chris Taylor from Time magazine noted that video game adaptations had a poor track record at the box office and that it was Sakaguchi's first feature film. The film debuted on July 2, 2001 at the Mann Bruins Theater in Los Angeles, California, and was	was	AUX	released	VERB	 released
This release is notable because, due to marketing issues, it was the first Star Wars film never to be released on VHS in the United States. However, the film was released on VHS in Australia, the U.K. and other countries in the world. The	The	DET	DVD	NOUN	 DVD
In April 1821, the society further expanded its library with the acquisitions of Nathaniel Hooke's Roman History, from the Building of Rome to the Ruin of the Commonwealth, the works of Herodotus, Travels in Greece, Modern Europe, David Ramsay's History of the	the	DET	United	PROPN	 United
When Cooper and Born were performing with Henry Cow in Zürich in early 1978, Cooper invited Swiss pianist Irène Schweizer to join FIG. English filmmaker Sally Potter, who played saxophone and sang, joined the group in April 1978. Dutch trombonist Annemarie Roelofs, English singer	singer	NOUN	Frankie	PROPN	 Frankie
A major cause of the Commonwealth's downfall was the liberum veto (" free veto "), which since 1652 had allowed any Sejm deputy to nullify all the legislation enacted by that Sejm. As a result, deputies bribed by magnates or foreign powers — primarily	primarily	ADV	from	ADP	 from
Over the course of the novel McGregor is compared several times to " certain men, all soldiers or leaders of soldiers... " that he reads about such as Nero and Napoleon. In fact, Anderson elevates his protagonist to the level of the " Emersonian Great Man	Man	PROPN	or	CCONJ	 or
The coin points to Romans having had trade contacts with the Chera kings and establishes that the Roman soldiers had landed in the Chera country to give protection to the Roman traders who had come there to buy materials. Archaeological investigations conducted unearthed square or circular Chera coins made	made	VERB	of	ADP	 of
Both were commercially successful; the Telugu version completed a 100 day run in 13 centres. The bilingual provided recognition to its principal cast and Vijaya Vauhini Studios. Terms and phrases from Missamma later became a part of Telugu vernacular. AVM Productions remade the film in Hindi	Hindi	PROPN	as	ADP	 as
The EP was released while Nirvana's Nevermind was at the top of the Billboard 200 charts, resulting in a rising popularity of Seattle based bands, and of the term " grunge music ". Sap was certified gold within two weeks. The EP features guest vocals	vocals	NOUN	by	ADP	 by
Ray collects his children, steals a car and drives to Mary Ann's home in suburban New Jersey to take refuge. The next morning, he discovers that a Boeing 747 has crashed in the street. A news team scavenging for food explain that there are multiple	multiple	ADJ	Tripods	NOUN	 Tripods
The capture of Le Quesnoy was to be achieved through a series of advances, covered by artillery, by the battalions of the Rifle Brigade with some of the battalions of 1st Infantry Brigade in support. Beginning from the brigade's existing positions, the first advance was	was	AUX	to	PART	 to
Enlisting in the Air Force on 10 December 1930, McLachlan completed his flight training the following year. He was commissioned as a pilot in 1932, and undertook various flight instruction and general duties roles over the next five years. In 1937, he was a member	member	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
This list was then given to the FBI and the personnel background files returned as a result. Lisa Wetzl, another assistant, testified that she discovered the mistake in mid 1994 and destroyed the request list. Also called to testify were former White House counsel Bernard Nussbaum	Nussbaum	PROPN	and	CCONJ	 and
" Gibson was motivated to write the episode after the success of " Kill Switch. " The episode featured several elaborate special effects sequences that nearly put the episode over budget. The episode opens with three men, fitted with futuristic combat gear and automatic weapons, entering	entering	VERB	the	DET	 the
The Rahimis collaborated with Stofsky, as well as the wardrobe and casting departments, to help them understand the language, customs and fighting methods of the Pashtun villagers and Taliban fighters. The eldest Rahimi also played the role of an elderly shepherd in a crucial scene.	.	PUNCT	Editing	NOUN	 Editing
As part of the strategy two flagship schemes were set up: the redevelopment of a site in Otterspool for the International Garden Festival and the regeneration of the Albert Dock. In 1982 the MDC entered into negotiations with London based developers Arrowcroft in order to secure much needed	needed	VERB	private	ADJ	 private
In terms of student life, the union is responsible for the organisation of the annual freshers ' fair, the co ordination of Bristol Student Community Action, which organises volunteering projects in the local community, and the organisation of entertainment events and very large number of student	student	NOUN	societies	NOUN	 societies
The Allies later renamed the airfield Henderson Field. To protect the airfield, the U.S. Marines established a perimeter defense around Lunga Point. Additional reinforcements over the next two months later increased the number of U.S. troops at Lunga Point on Guadalcanal to more than 20,000. In	In	ADP	response	NOUN	 response
Music critic Joey Guerra from The Daily Cougar stated, " Jackson pours her heart into " Together Again, " which builds to an ecstatic house beat " which takes " a cue from the soaring melodies of ' 60s girl groups ". He further commented that the	the	DET	song	NOUN	 song
In Game 2, Baltimore was unable to stop the Lakers guard, who scored 52 points, nearly half of L.A. ' s total, in the 118 – 115 win. The Bullets took their two home games, despite West scoring 44 and 48 points respectively,	,	PUNCT	but	CCONJ	 but
During the anti Buddhist activity of the late ninth and early tenth centuries, the Jokhang and Ramoche temples were said to be used as stables. In 1049 Atisha, a renowned teacher of Buddhism from Bengal who taught in Jokhang and died in 1054, found the "	"	PUNCT	Royal	PROPN	 Royal
Born Peter Hesketh, he changed his name by Royal assent to Hesketh Fleetwood, incorporating the name of his ancestors, and was later created Baronet Fleetwood. Predeceased by an older brother, he inherited estates in west Lancashire in 1824. Inspired by the transport developments of	of	ADP	the	DET	 the
" Zachary Houle of Pop Matters awarded the album six out of ten stars, and mused that Shonen Knife's fusing of punk and classic rock on the album " somehow work [s] ". Houle, however, was critical of the band's penchant for	for	ADP	bordering	VERB	 bordering
He stated that " Connery and Lazenby had an air of concealed thuggishness, clenched fists at the ready, but in Moore's case a sardonic quip and a raised eyebrow are his deadliest weapons ". Reviewer Leonard Maltin rated the film two and a half stars out	out	ADP	of	ADP	 of
She is the wife of the musician The Edge from the rock group U2. Raised in Los Angeles and schooled in modern dance, Steinberg became a formative member of the dancer illusionist company MOMIX in 1983. They became known for their visual humour and contorted positions.	.	PUNCT	In	ADP	 In
Then my agent says, ' Oh, The Simpsons want you in an episode. ' Once you've gone yellow, you've made it. My ideal show would be where I have a cartoon relapse with Barney and Homer and get smashed out of my mind	mind	NOUN	with	ADP	 with
The society had its first annual conference in Philadelphia, where Richard Falk was given PRSA's first " annual citation " for advancing the field of public relations. Several ethical violations in the field led to discussions about ethics within the society. At the 1952 annual conference	conference	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
Varanasi is served by Lal Bahadur Shastri International Airport, which is approximately 26 km (16 mi) from the city centre in Babatpur. The airport inaugurated a new terminal in 2010, and it was granted international airport status on 4 October 2012. Air India,	,	PUNCT	Buddha	PROPN	 Buddha
The following day, 13 May, the French were undone by their poor tactical deployment. They strung their armour out in a thin line between Hannut and Huy, leaving no defence in depth, which was the point of sending the French armour to the Gembloux gap	gap	NOUN	in	ADP	 in
Only to the north of latitude 80° N is it permanently hidden below the horizon. The apparent magnitude of 3.73 can make it difficult to observe from an urban area with the unaided eye, because the night skies over cities are obscured by light pollution. Epsilon	Epsilon	PROPN	Eridani	PROPN	 Eridani
Fenby later wrote a book about his experiences of working with Delius. Among other details, Fenby reveals Delius's love of cricket. The pair followed the 1930 Test series between England and Australia with great interest, and regaled a bemused Jelka with accounts of their boyhood	boyhood	NOUN	exploits	NOUN	 exploits
In particular, the term was not applied to the Cornish or the Breton peoples, who are of similar heritage, culture, and language to both the Welsh and the Men of the North. The word came into use as a self description probably before the 7th	7th	ADJ	century	NOUN	 century
" The bridge acted as a siphon because the water level was above the roadway, and the structure has been featured in Ripley's Believe It or Not! The December 1927 Michigan State Highway Department Official Highway Service Map shows M 94 routed from Au Train west to	to	ADP	Munising	NOUN	 Munising
She assisted the badly damaged battlecruiser SMS Seydlitz reach port on 2 June after the conclusion of the battle. She also took part in the Second Battle of Heligoland Bight, though was not damaged in the engagement. Pillau was assigned to the planned, final operation of	of	ADP	the	DET	 the
He was a consensus All American and team MVP in 1942. He played in the 1943 East – West Shrine Game. He is well remembered, among other things, for his exploits in a 1942 game against the Notre Dame Fighting Irish football team, and he	he	PRON	was	AUX	 was
For example, within Henry's letter to Magnús in 1256, Magnús is described to have been invested with a military belt by the English king. Following his submission to Alexander, Magnús, the last reigning king of the Crovan dynasty, ruled peacefully until his death	death	NOUN	in	ADP	 in
Even Wethey accepted that " he [El Greco] probably had painted the little and much disputed triptych in the Galleria Estense at Modena before he left Crete ". Nevertheless, disputes over the exact number of El Greco's authentic works remain unresolved, and the status	status	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
Collier was born in London in 1774, the second son of the chief clerk of the Victualling Board Ralph Collier, and his wife Henrietta Maria. He began his education at the Chelsea Maritime Academy, but by January 1784 his name appeared in the books of the	the	DET	74	NUM	 74
The median longevities of breeds of similar size are between 11 and 13 years. There is an anecdotal report of a Cattle Dog named Bluey, born in 1910 and living for 29.5 years, but the record is unverified. Even if true, Bluey's record age	age	NOUN	would	AUX	 would
The theme song, " A View to a Kill ", was written by Barry and Duran Duran, and performed by the band. " May Day Jumps " is the only track that uses the James Bond theme. Barry's composition from On Her Majesty's	's	PART	Secret	PROPN	 Secret
, Ivanka and Eric Trump attended the topping off party on September 24, 2008. Original plans called for the windows to be completed and the spire erected in October 2008. However, the spire installation was delayed through high winds in December 2008, and was finally	finally	ADV	completed	VERB	 completed
” Like Texas, Oklahoma suffered a defeat one week before the Red River Shootout, losing to the Colorado Buffaloes. Texas ' loss pushed it to number 16 in the coaches poll and number 19 in the AP poll; OU fell to number 10 in both polls	polls	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
A Toronto group, which included Bill Ballard, son of Harold, and Basketball Hall of Famer Wilt Chamberlain submitted an application and $100,000 USD deposit for an NBA expansion franchise for MLG in 1986, but of the six cities to apply Toronto was not one of	of	ADP	the	DET	 the
I had to join them as people [sic] as well as [as] a drummer. " He was given a small percentage of Lennon and McCartney's publishing company, Northern Songs, but he derived his primary income during this period from a one quarter	quarter	NOUN	share	NOUN	 share
This suggested an origin of either very faint stars or extremely distant galaxies. Even the most accurate positions contained numerous faint stars and galaxies, and it was widely agreed that final resolution of the origins of cosmic gamma ray bursts would require both new satellites and faster communication	communication	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
In 1968 the school sent 77% of its boys on to university, a rate surpassed only by the independent Winchester College. Close behind were such schools as Bradford Grammar School, Leeds Grammar School, Haberdashers ' Aske's School and Latymer Upper School. A large	large	ADJ	girls	NOUN	 girls
The long overrun of the final episode was caused by a temporary break in transmission to replace a failing microphone. Kneale later claimed that the BBC's transmission controllers had threatened to take them off the air during one significant overrun, to which Cartier replied, " Just	Just	ADV	let	VERB	 let
WASP 66 is a sunlike star of spectral type F4V. A planet with 2.3 times the mass of Jupiter orbits it every 4 days, discovered by the transit method in 2012. DEN 1048 3956 is a brown dwarf of spectral type M8 located around 13 light years distant	distant	ADJ	from	ADP	 from
The ship sank in less than two minutes after one of her magazines exploded, and Makarov was one of the 677 killed. In addition to this loss, the battleship Pobeda was damaged by a mine. Emboldened by his success, Tōgō resumed long range bombardment missions	missions	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
He also stated: My fellow Americans, our long national nightmare is over. Our Constitution works; our great Republic is a government of laws and not of men. Here, the people rule. But there is a higher Power, by whatever name we honor	honor	VERB	Him	PROPN	 Him
Kiarostami's adaptation arrives at theoretical realm of adaptation by expanding its limit from inter textual potential to trans generic potential. Kiarostami's complex sound images and philosophical approach have caused frequent comparisons with mystical filmmakers such as Andrei Tarkovsky and Robert Bresson. Irrespective of substantial cultural differences	differences	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
Various such individuals formed the Romanian Legion of Siberia, which resisted the Bolsheviks in cooperation with the Czechoslovak Legions and the White movement. These units were ultimately repatriated to Greater Romania in 1920. During 1916, Romania entered World War I as an Entente country, in	in	ADP	alliance	NOUN	 alliance
Pilots were responsible for navigation, and when accurate navigation was essential, a second pilot was carried. Early in 1936 the Air Navigation School had been formed at RAF Manston to take over this training for all pilots destined for Coastal and Bomber Commands. Conversion training for	for	ADP	Flying	PROPN	 Flying
Stephen agreed to another truce with Geoffrey, promising to pay him 2,000 marks a year in exchange for peace along the Norman borders. In the years following his succession, Stephen's relationship with the church became gradually more complex. The royal charter of 1136 had promised	promised	VERB	to	PART	 to
Here it was part of No. 91 (Composite) Wing, which controlled the RAAF's units during the Korean War and its immediate aftermath. The squadron returned to Australia and the aegis of No. 86 Wing two years later, following the disbandment of No	No	NOUN	.	NOUN	.
Australia then played two triangular tournaments in Asia. Gilchrist struggled in India, scoring 86 runs at 17.20. He went on to play in the Coca Cola Cup in Sharjah in April 1998, a triangular tournament between Australia, India and New Zealand. Australia finished runners	runners	VERB	up	ADP	 up
To Goebbels ' disappointment, circulation was initially small, only 2,000. Material in the paper was highly anti communist and antisemitic. Among the paper's favourite targets was the Jewish Deputy Chief of the Berlin Police Bernhard Weiß. Goebbels gave him the derogatory nickname " Isidore	Isidore	PROPN	"	PUNCT	 "
His best memory of these schooldays is of a teacher who introduced him to the works of Pieter Brueghel. Outside school, he spent most of his time with comic magazines and adventure books by Jules Verne or books about Nick Carter and Buffalo Bill. At 13,	,	PUNCT	he	PRON	 he
The city's first fire department was a hook and ladder company organized in 1880 by the board of trustees (now city council). A drinking water and electricity distribution system added in 1892 – 93 gave the town three fire hydrants and minimal street lighting. Hillsboro	Hillsboro	PROPN	built	VERB	 built
The relegation of No. 1 TAF to areas of operations bypassed by the main Allied thrust towards the Philippines and Japan led to poor morale in late 1944 and early 1945. In April 1945, the newly appointed Officer Commanding No. 78 Wing, Group Captain Wilfred	Wilfred	PROPN	Arthur	PROPN	 Arthur
The opening crawl utilizes the version of John Williams ' main Star Wars theme that was re recorded for the prequel trilogy. When looking back at Knights of the Old Republic II in a 2013 interview, Avellone said that LucasArts forced Obsidian to finish the game in a	a	DET	14	NUM	 14
The goods yard at Chesham was closed in 1966, and a train hauled by a former GWR 5700 Class locomotive removed the track from the goods yard, the last steam service to use the line. On 17 October 1967 the newspaper train service and its return journey	journey	NOUN	to	ADP	 to
An anthology of Italian poems, published in Venice in the 1560s, hailed John Sigismund as " patron of the Renaissance ". Sultan Suleiman came to Zemun on the Danube in preparation for his campaign against Habsburg territories in the summer of 1566. John Sigismund hurried to	to	ADP	the	DET	 the
Patel and Menon emphasised that without integration, the economies of states would collapse, and anarchy would arise if the princes were unable to provide democracy and govern properly. They pointed out that many of the smaller states were very small and lacked resources to sustain their economies	economies	NOUN	and	CCONJ	 and
B.N. Verma- One of the famous high school English teachers in Myanmar. U Myo Nyunt (Myo Nyunt Mathematics) - A Mathematics tuition teacher who have taught over 50,000 students. Bhanumati Devi - Oriya film and theater actress who was born in Burma. U. A. Khader	Khader	PROPN	-	PUNCT	 -
A loss to Wake Forest in the 2007 Meineke Car Care Bowl — the team's second bowl appearance all time — gave the Huskies a final 2007 record of 9 – 4. In the Big East preseason media poll, UConn was picked to finish 6th overall in	in	ADP	the	DET	 the
He skied as fast as he could to Bågenholm's location, where he and his rescue team tried unsuccessfully to pull her out with a rope. They then tried to dig her out, but their snow shovel could not break through the ice. Rescuers from the	the	DET	bottom	NOUN	 bottom
Amin became the subject of rumours and myths, including a widespread belief that he was a cannibal. Some of the unsubstantiated rumours, such as the mutilation of one of his wives, were spread and popularised by the 1980 film Rise and Fall of Idi Amin and	and	CCONJ	alluded	VERB	 alluded
The returning Chinook, carrying the remainder of the A Company group including second in command (2IC) Captain Danny Matthews, came under fire from a heavy machine gun in Magbeni, which was promptly strafed by one of the Army Air Corps Lynx helicopters until it ceased	ceased	VERB	firing	VERB	 firing
By August 1979, when Kennedy decided to run, polls showed him with a 2 to 1 advantage over Carter, and Carter's approval rating slipped to 19 percent. Kennedy formally announced his campaign on November 7, 1979, at Boston's Faneuil Hall. He	He	PRON	had	AUX	 had
The British Waterways Board (BWB) came into existence on 1 January 1963, the day the Forth and Clyde was closed, with the objective of finding a broad strategy for the future of canals in the United Kingdom. In 1976, the BWB decided after a	a	DET	meeting	NOUN	 meeting
Falle's pimp kept her imprisoned for the years that he prostituted her, and trafficked her across Canada to Edmonton, Vancouver, and Kelowna. Falle later said of herself and the other women in prostitution she knew, " I couldn't admit that I was not	not	PART	there	ADV	 there
IGN's Colin Moriarty argued the game as a major improvement over the original Mega Man and that it even surpasses the critically acclaimed Mega Man 2 in quality. Moriarty justified this claim with the third installment's attempt at better storytelling, its longer length than any other	other	ADJ	classic	ADJ	 classic
In the United States, the premiere episode of Agents of S.H.I.E.L.D. earned a 4.7 / 14 rating in the 18- to 49 year old demographic, with 12.12 million total viewers, making it the biggest network drama debut in four years. Though the series debuted to strong	strong	ADJ	ratings	NOUN	 ratings
According to economist Peter Boettke, Rothbard is better described as a property rights economist than as an Austrian economist. In 1988, Boettke noted that Rothbard " vehemently attacked all of the books of the younger Austrians ". Although Rothbard adopted von Mises ' deductive methodology for	for	ADP	his	PRON	 his
" Billboard named it a " Spotlight " pick among its Top Album Picks in November 1973, with the reviewer deeming it " a masterpiece of a set... featuring exceptional displays of vocal and instrumental talent in many musical areas. " The album has continued to receive	receive	VERB	positive	ADJ	 positive
" In addition to the letters in Always Rachel, in 1998 a volume of Carson's previously unpublished work was published as Lost Woods: The Discovered Writing of Rachel Carson, edited by Linda Lear. All of Carson's books remain in print. Carson's work	work	NOUN	had	VERB	 had
Wiseman formulates a plan to combat the Cursed Wave, enlisting Helba's assistance. Their teamwork destroys the Wave monster Fidchell, but the aftermath causes networks in the real world to malfunction. Aura contacts Kite again, but their meeting is cut short by Cubia's reappearance	reappearance	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
The review also said " R & B ballad " Tie Me Down " featuring smooth Auto tuned vocals from Ray J, the B.A.S.S.-inspired " Bunz ", the slow jam " New Girl, " and the rollicking " Cashmere, " which bumps along like a New	New	PROPN	Jack	PROPN	 Jack
The McMaster athletic teams are known as the Marauders, and are members of the Canadian Interuniversity Sport. McMaster University resulted from the outgrowth of educational initiatives undertaken by Baptists as early as the 1830s. It was founded in 1881 as Toronto Baptist College. Canadian Senator William	William	PROPN	McMaster	PROPN	 McMaster
By the end of August, the school was operating one of its two required Link Trainer simulators. As of 30 September 1940, total strength was 467, including 114 trainees. One student died and five others were injured off duty when the balcony of the Federal	Federal	PROPN	Hotel	PROPN	 Hotel
" The Charter contains no provision allowing the UNGA to delegate any powers it does not itself possess. And while Article 25 states, " The Members of the United Nations agree to accept and carry out the decisions of the Security Council, " there is no requirement	requirement	NOUN	that	SCONJ	 that
Tartarus (voiced by Kevin Michael Richardson) is the Chieftain of the Brutes, easily recognized by his white hair, distinctive mohawk, and massive gravity hammer known as the " Fist of Rukt. " Rough, arrogant, and disdainful of the Elites, Tartarus is	is	AUX	completely	ADV	 completely
The city consists of an urban centre and twenty two rural villages: Alto Colorado, Alto Ramírez, Barrancas, Cáhuil, Cardonal de Panilonco, Ciruelos, Cóguil, El Maqui, El Guindo, Espinillo, Estación Larraín Alcalde, La Aguada, La Palmilla, La	La	PROPN	Villa	PROPN	 Villa
GM do Brasil followed three months later with the Chevrolet Corsa 1.8 Flexpower, using an engine developed by a joint venture with Fiat called PowerTrain. Passenger flex fuel vehicles became a commercial success in the country, and as of December 2013, a total of 15 car	car	NOUN	manufacturers	NOUN	 manufacturers
Mal (u) mund (a) -arium was " a place with winding waters " or, most probably, Malmund arium, a " bad confluency ". The Warchenne was partially canalised and its banks strengthened, before which Malmedy was often flooded. The first	first	ADJ	church	NOUN	 church
She explains that the sculptor appeared reluctant to make the change and that time constraints ultimately left the design intact. Microsoft developed its virtual assistant for the Windows Phone operating system under the codename Cortana, but retained the name for the final product following a strong response in	in	ADP	the	DET	 the
The first 3D installment in the series, its gameplay focuses on solving puzzles, fighting enemies, and various platforming sections. The story told is set between the events of Indiana Jones and the Iron Phoenix and Indiana Jones and the Kingdom of the Crystal Skull, and	and	CCONJ	puts	VERB	 puts
" With 11 minutes left, the ball was dribbled from the goal line into midfield, then passed from flank to flank before a cross from Drummond found Davies who scored the equalising goal. A top of the table clash followed as Small Heath visited Darwen in what	what	PRON	the	DET	 the
With the other conspirators he had recruited, Catesby also planned to incite a rebellion in the Midlands, during which James's nine year old daughter Princess Elizabeth would be captured, and installed as titular queen. Rookwood's stable of fine horses was essential for the uprising	uprising	NOUN	to	PART	 to
Kellerman becomes angry when Falsone questions the report of Mahoney's death, which indicates Kellerman shot Mahoney to save Lewis; Falsone said autopsy reports indicate Mahoney was beaten badly. After questioning several of Mahoney's former associates, drug supplier Wilkie Collins (Robert F. Chew)	)	PUNCT	is	AUX	 is
The Booklist called the novel one of " the highest level of books about animals " and praised its combination of " brilliant psychology, writing of rare beauty, and little known hunting and animal lore ". According to the Booklist, Publishers Weekly gave the novel its	its	PRON	"	PUNCT	 "
He signed a one year contract with the club, with an option of a second year. Foster made his debut for the club in a 3 – 0 home victory against Gillingham on 27 August 2011, coming on as an 84th minute substitute with Rotherham already holding	holding	VERB	a	DET	 a
" There wasn't a lot of money or enough time. Terry is a perfectionist, but he was really adamant about not going over budget. He got crucified for Munchausen, and that still haunts him. " The filmmakers were not allowed the luxury of sound	sound	ADJ	stages	NOUN	 stages
To close the month, the Phillies lost the opener of their next series with the Braves to finish the month with a 10 – 16 record. Struggles continued for the Phillies to open July, as the Braves completed a three game series sweep in the first two	two	NUM	days	NOUN	 days
Shepard Road is a four lane roadway with minimal intersections that follows the Mississippi River northeast into downtown Saint Paul. Immediately after Shepard Road is MN 5 (West 7th Street) (exit 103B), which leads northeast to downtown through the heart of the West Seventh	Seventh	ADJ	neighborhood	NOUN	 neighborhood
Making the connection of the sport of boxing to reggaetón, which are both a male dominated arena; Queen " alludes to her previous video for " Muchos Quieren Tumbarme " (Many Want To Knock Me Down) in which she takes the role of a female boxer	boxer	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
The four main nations that export enough agriculture to be able to exert food power are the United States, Canada, Australia, and New Zealand. On the smaller scale, particularly in some African countries, food power has been used as a weapon by opposing sides	sides	NOUN	in	ADP	 in
At the orientation meeting, Dwight and Jim find that Todd Packer (David Koechner) is still working at the company after the two of them attempted to get him fired. The president of Sabre's special projects, Nellie Bertram (Catherine Tate) begins to talk	talk	VERB	about	ADP	 about
Pressed for time, both financially and by those expecting a symphony, he " rushed into production. " On December 7, he wrote to Aleksandr Zatayevich, a Russian composer he had met before he had composed the work, saying, " I hurry in order	order	NOUN	to	PART	 to
Following Wilder's arrival, the team won 15 of the remaining 21 league matches that season. A 5 point deduction for fielding an unregistered player resulted in a seventh place finish, four points and two places short of the play offs. Oxford led the table for	for	ADP	most	ADJ	 most
In the years since, praise for the work has been consistently high. It is considered a " science fiction classic... [and] is arguably the best novel written about nuclear apocalypse, surpassing more popularly known books like On the Beach ". A Canticle for	for	ADP	Leibowitz	PROPN	 Leibowitz
Some 843 conscientious objectors spent more than two years in prison; ten died while there, seventeen were initially given the death penalty (but received life imprisonment) and 142 were imprisoned on life sentences. Conscientious objectors who were deemed not to have made any useful contribution	contribution	NOUN	were	AUX	 were
India Wadsworth plays the wife of Ra's al Ghul and the mother of Talia. Warner Bros. president of production Jeff Robinov had hoped a third film would be released in 2011 or 2012. Nolan wanted the story for the third installment to keep him emotionally invested.	.	PUNCT	"	PUNCT	 "
" A way to resolve the disparity in population between countries would be to apportion representation to regions instead of nations. This would, for example, place Suriname and Brazil, the least and most populated South American countries, in a single South American voting bloc of	of	ADP	approximately	ADV	 approximately
In the 2013 Critérium du Dauphiné, four different jerseys were awarded. For the general classification, calculated by adding each cyclist's finishing times on each stage, the leader received a yellow jersey with a blue bar. This classification was considered the most important of the	the	DET	2013	NUM	 2013
Storm Coaster officially opened to the public on 6 December 2013. Storm Coaster is themed to the effects of a Category 5 Tropical Cyclone at a coastal shipping port. The 470 metre long (1,540 ft) ride stands 28 metres (92 ft) tall and features	features	VERB	a	DET	 a
The sibyl to the left faces the cross with her back to the viewer while the turbaned mourner on the right faces the group and is either the Erythraean or the Cumaean sibyl, both of whom are attributed in Christian tradition with warning the occupying Romans of the cult	cult	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
" Lim Kit Siang attributed the opposition's defeat to Mahathir's liberalism and the government's adoption of the DAP's stance on issues like " language, culture and education ". Some, however, doubted Mahathir's sincerity. One UMNO Youth official suggested that "	"	PUNCT	The	DET	 The
Skanderbeg also feared that if the Angevins took Naples, they would turn to Albania where they had previously maintained a kingdom. On the other hand, before undertaking any action against the Angevins, he took measures to soften relations with Venice. Seeing that Southern Italy was	was	AUX	locked	VERB	 locked
These games were followed by other stealth series, such as Hitman and Splinter Cell. Later games in the genre have allowed the player to choose between, or combine, stealth tactics and direct confrontation. Unlike most action games, stealth games challenge the player to avoid	avoid	VERB	alerting	VERB	 alerting
The bronze equestrian statue measures 12 ft (3.7 m) tall, 10 ft (3.0 m) long, and 4.05 ft (1.23 m) wide. It weighs approximately 11,000 lb (5,000 kg). Logan is depicted with collar length hair and a moustache	moustache	NOUN	while	SCONJ	 while
" Beverly Johnson had previously started to bridge the gender gap at Camp 4, but it remained strongly male dominated. The community was particularly homosocial; its major historian calls it " edgy " rather than " oppressive " and argues that there was pressure on women to	to	PART	perform	VERB	 perform
After a heavy crash, Trenchard found that his paralysis was gone and that he could walk unaided. Following further recuperation, Trenchard returned to active service in South Africa. After the end of the Boer War, Trenchard saw service in Nigeria where he was involved in	in	ADP	efforts	NOUN	 efforts
The actress and character first appeared in the first season episode " The Reporter ", in which she had sex with Mark, which Andy bluntly recollects upon first seeing Shauna in " The Possum ". Rashida Jones appears only in the opening and closing scenes of "	"	PUNCT	The	DET	 The
The rebel qualities of the group were on show in the lead up to the Olympics. An obstacle arose with the 1979 Soviet invasion of Afghanistan, which resulted in a boycott of the Games by a large part of the Western world, led by the United States	States	PROPN	.	PUNCT	.
In its third week, the album peaked at number three. In total, the album remained in the top twenty for fourteen weeks, and on the chart for fifty seven (making one re entry). MTV Unplugged was certified triple platinum by the Recording Industry	Industry	PROPN	Association	PROPN	 Association
This separatist issue could preclude Moldova from joining NATO. The NATO intervention in Bosnia and Herzegovina in 1992 and the NATO bombing of Yugoslavia in 1999 resulted in strained relations between Serbia and NATO. Relations were further strained following Kosovo's declaration of independence in 2008 while a	a	DET	protectorate	NOUN	 protectorate
A photo taken in 1954 shows James Towley handing Fred Ossanna a check while one of the streetcars burned in the background. Later on, it was discovered that Ossanna and associates had plundered the streetcar system for personal gain. A small section of the line between Lake	Lake	PROPN	Calhoun	PROPN	 Calhoun
Cecil's partnership with his father continued until the latter's death. Besides his work as a lawyer, Alexander Rutherford was involved in a number of business enterprises. He was President of the Edmonton Mortgage Corporation, and Vice President and solicitor of the Great Western Garment	Garment	PROPN	Company	PROPN	 Company
This battle was advertised as the " Full Nelson Challenge. " Another heated feud leading up to this event was between Harley Race and the Junkyard Dog. When The WWF Wrestling Classic became the King of the Ring tournament, Harley Race went on to win the tournament	tournament	NOUN	and	CCONJ	 and
Initially called " the bridge to nowhere ", the Admiral Clarey Bridge was instrumental in Senator Daniel Inouye's " rebirth " of Ford Island and enabled over $500 million in development with special legislation (2814 US Code). It connected 45 families and 3,000 civilian	civilian	ADJ	workers	NOUN	 workers
In 2005, almost immediately after the Planica event, talks were under way to upgrade the hill in Vikersund. This became a reality in mid 2010, when the FIS announced major rule changes at the 47th International Ski Congress in Antalya, Turkey to allow for even	even	ADV	larger	ADJ	 larger
Operation Torch, the Allied invasion of French North Africa, precipitated a crisis in Kesselring's command. He ordered Walther Nehring, the former commander of the Afrika Korps who was returning to action after recovering from wounds received at the Battle of Alam el Halfa, to	to	PART	proceed	VERB	 proceed
At 121 the standardised mortality ratio is the highest in Cheshire, as is the percentage of persons with limiting long term illness (21.5%). There has been an increase in the number of households from 47,214 in 1991 to 52,501 in 2006. The average household	household	NOUN	size	NOUN	 size
The final scenes of the episode, particularly Ben turning the wheel, Penny and Desmond's reunion and the last shot of Locke in the coffin were kept secret, in order to prevent spoilers from leaking. The phrase " Frozen Donkey Wheel " was coined to describe	describe	VERB	not	PART	 not
All languages rely on the process of semiosis to relate signs to particular meanings. Oral and sign languages contain a phonological system that governs how symbols are used to form sequences known as words or morphemes, and a syntactic system that governs how words and morphemes are combined	combined	VERB	to	PART	 to
" [The main character] was somebody that you couldn't decide if you liked or hated, and I think that Britten's dilemma is something that we're not only sympathetic for, but somehow we want him to win. " The following month, producers	producers	NOUN	approached	VERB	 approached
He has adhered to history where he could discover any facts adapted to his purpose; and when history failed him, he has had resource to probability. " Ferriar continued with an attack on the Welsh names that appear within the poem: " we own that the	the	DET	nomenclature	NOUN	 nomenclature
The Arab army, thwarted in its objective and with supplies running low, withdrew. Leo escaped to Pisidia and, in summer, supported by Artabasdos, was proclaimed and crowned as Byzantine emperor, openly challenging Theodosios. Leo's success at Amorium was fortunately timed,	,	PUNCT	since	SCONJ	 since
" Becky Bain of Idolater described the song as a " dramatic, gloomy epic of a tune that has each artist taking turns at the mic. " He expressed that trying to find Kanye ’ s verse was " virtually a musical Where ’ s Waldo ".	.	PUNCT	It	PRON	 It
As with the two digit routes, three digit routes have been added, removed, extended and shortened; the " parent child " relationship is not always present. For example, several spurs of the decommissioned US 66 still exist. US 191 travels from border to	to	ADP	border	VERB	 border
However, the string of homes ends near the northern town line, and the highway becomes flanked by forests once more as it curves northward and enters the town of Massena. In Massena, the forests along NY 420 subside slightly as it passes by industrial warehouses and	and	CCONJ	residences	NOUN	 residences
Beyond Our Ken was written around the imperturbable establishment figure of Horne, while the other performers played a " spectrum of characters never before heard on the radio ", including the exaggeratedly upper class Rodney and Charles, the genteel pensioners Ambrose and Felicity, the cook Fanny	Fanny	PROPN	Haddock	PROPN	 Haddock
This was the theme of his last published book, Man Creator or Destroyer, completed in 1952 when he was eighty seven years old. His book Developing Mental Power was a foray into educational psychology, addressing the question of general versus specific training in terms teachers could	could	AUX	understand	VERB	 understand
Initial responses to Stacy were mostly positive. TV Guide's Matt Roush stated that he was pleased with the character showing of House's soft side, calling the character's story arc a " juicy subplot ". David Bianculli of The New York Daily News stated that	that	SCONJ	with	ADP	 with
In September 1721, the Grand Duchess died; instead of willing her possessions to her children, as prescribed by the 1674 agreement; they went to the Princess of Epinoy. On 22 September 1723 the Grand Duke experienced a two hour long fit of trembling. His	His	PRON	condition	NOUN	 condition
Radiography may also show cervical emphysema, air in the tissues of the neck. X rays may also show accompanying injuries and signs such as fractures and subcutaneous emphysema. If subcutaneous emphysema occurs and the hyoid bone appears in an X ray to be sitting unusually high in	in	ADP	the	DET	 the
The specific epithet is derived from the Latin word olla, meaning " pot ". Cyathus olla bears a resemblance to a miniature bird's nest containing eggs, hence the common name bird's nest fungi. The fruiting body, or peridium, is roughly funnel shaped	shaped	VERB	,	PUNCT	,
In 2002 – 03, Emery joined the Binghamton Senators of the American Hockey League (AHL) and immediately assumed the position of starting Goaltender for his first professional season with the team. He was named to the AHL All Star team, made the league's all	all	DET	rookie	NOUN	 rookie
It is never played to the east, " because the sun will never rise on that Aggie again. " Once the buglers have finished their tribute, the crowd disperses. Generally, students remain silent until reaching their homes. The Corps of Cadets (or the	the	DET	Corps	PROPN	 Corps
Eligible recordings had to feature the Hawaiian language on " more than half of its vocal tracks ", though instrumental albums were also acceptable. Awards were presented to the engineers, mixers, and / or producers in addition to the performing artists. Daniel Ho holds the	the	DET	record	NOUN	 record
After the festival, the Wagner family journeyed to Venice for the winter. Wagner died of a heart attack at the age of 69 on 13 February 1883 at Ca ' Vendramin Calergi, a 16th century palazzo on the Grand Canal. The legend that the attack was	was	AUX	prompted	VERB	 prompted
" – Sioux City Register, March 28, 1868 The Missouri basin suffered a series of catastrophic floods around the turn of the 20th century, most notably in 1844, 1881, and 1926 – 1927. In 1940, as part of the Great Depression era New	New	PROPN	Deal	PROPN	 Deal
With Lerner still on board, in the 2014 – 15 season Aston Villa scored just 12 goals in 25 league games, the lowest in Premier League history, and Lambert was sacked on 11 February 2015. He was replaced by Tim Sherwood, who saved Villa from	from	ADP	relegation	NOUN	 relegation
Commended for his " great skill, enterprise and fearlessness ", Scherf was subsequently awarded the Distinguished Service Order. The notification and accompanying citation for the decoration was published in a supplement to the London Gazette on 27 June 1944. On 10 July 1944, Scherf embarked	embarked	VERB	from	ADP	 from
In the biathlon, all Paralympic athletes shoot from a prone position. A factoring system is used in the sport to allow different classes to compete against each other when there are too few individual competitors in one class in a competition. The factoring system works by having	having	VERB	a	DET	 a
But even after NASA reached internal agreement, it was far from smooth sailing. Kennedy's science advisor Jerome Wiesner, who had expressed his opposition to manned spaceflight to Kennedy before the President took office, and had opposed the decision to land men on the Moon,	,	PUNCT	hired	VERB	 hired
Ships in the vicinity of the depression reported that it had regained gale force winds on August 8, resulting in advisories on Arlene being re initiated around that time. Later that day, a Navy reconnaissance plane found hurricane force winds around the center of the storm,	,	PUNCT	resulting	VERB	 resulting
It was first announced at the 2010 San Diego Comic Con International. Critical responses to the episode were mostly positive; critics praised its storyline and its numerous cultural references, although it also received criticism from the Parents Television Council. According to Nielsen ratings, it was	was	AUX	viewed	VERB	 viewed
In 2004, he acted in a supporting role in the romantic comedy Wimbledon, also featuring Kirsten Dunst as a co lead. His next project was voicing a character named Hal in the 2004 English version of Strings, a mythic fantasy film. Another 2004 release for	for	ADP	him	PRON	 him
The game received awards from the British Academy of Film and Television Arts and Spike TV, among others. A mobile phone adaptation, Lego Star Wars II Mobile, was later developed by Universomo, published by THQ, and released on 19 December 2006. Lego Star	Star	PROPN	Wars	PROPN	 Wars
After the beginning of the North American leg, Spears announced a summer leg in the United States in June as well as a European leg starting on April 27 in London and ending on June 5 at Rock in Rio Lisboa. It was also rumored to visit Latin	Latin	PROPN	America	PROPN	 America
" Lindstrom describes this as " a philosophy called ' What Could Lara Do? ' — WCLD. It's short hand for having the player be able to use their own intuition about what someone with her abilities should be able to do in an environment such as	as	ADP	this	PRON	 this
The people of South Park decide to turn Muhammad over to the Gingers, fearing the violence that will befall their town if they do not. The celebrities are angered by this change in events, but refuse to resort to violence for fear of ruining their careers.	.	PUNCT	Instead	ADV	 Instead
By contrast, the novel was positively reviewed by such literary figures as George Eliot and Mrs. Humphrey Ward, whose 1888 novel Robert Elsmere was significantly influenced by the novel and by Froude's life. In a review in the Coventry Herald Eliot wrote that in reading The	The	DET	Nemesis	PROPN	 Nemesis
" – Nominated Alvy Singer: " Don't knock masturbation. It's sex with someone I love. " – Nominated 2007: AFI's 100 Years... 100 Movies (10th Anniversary Edition) – # 35 2008: AFI's 10 Top 10: # 2	2	NUM	Romantic	ADJ	 Romantic
" Despite Kennedy's sparse acquisition of individual awards, many sportswriters consider Kennedy as possibly the greatest player to have played for the Toronto Maple Leafs. In the book The Maple Leafs Top 100 Kennedy is ranked second only to Dave Keon as the best Toronto Maple Leaf	Leaf	PROPN	of	ADP	 of
The two river bridges, McClintic Marshall's portion, were completed first, and the $21 million road was opened at 8: 00 a.m. on November 24, 1932, after an official ceremony the previous day on the Kearny ramp. Owing to the Great Depression	Depression	PROPN	and	CCONJ	 and
Initial development was conducted by Saunders Roe, which merged into Westland Aircraft in 1964. Westland was subsequently the prime contractor for the Black Arrow, and assembled the first and second stages at East Cowes on the Isle of Wight. Bristol Siddeley produced the first and second	second	ADJ	stage	NOUN	 stage
Maude did much better than Temperatures Rising in the New York City area, while Temperatures Rising fared better than Maude in the Los Angeles area. In subsequent weeks, Bonanza's ratings dropped sharply and NBC cancelled the series in November 1972. According to Asher: "	"	PUNCT	Temperatures	NOUN	 Temperatures
Together with the director Sir Peter Hall and the designer William Dudley, he presented a Ring cycle that aimed to represent Wagner's intentions. The production was not well received by German critics, who expected radical reinterpretation of the operas. Solti's conducting was praised,	,	PUNCT	but	CCONJ	 but
(2008) says distance is 1623 parsecs (5300 light years). The angular expansion of the nebula can also be used to estimate its age. If it has been expanding at a constant rate of 10 milliarcseconds a year, then it would take 1000 ±	±	PROPN	260	NUM	 260
It is usually built in dense vegetation and close to water, but sometimes in tree holes. In India, the use of tree holes, and even the old nests of raptors or crows, is much more common than elsewhere. Eggs are laid at roughly 24-	24-	NUM	to	PART	 to
On 9 March 1942, he reported to the President, Franklin D. Roosevelt, that it might be possible to produce enough material for a bomb by mid 1943, based on new estimates from Robert Oppenheimer that the critical mass of a sphere of pure uranium 235 was	was	AUX	between	ADP	 between
The programming was done by Exact, known for the Jumping Flash! series. Ghost in the Shell was designed and targeted to a mature audience; developers did not make Motoko playable to prevent the game appearing to be a character based game for children. The original	original	ADJ	manga	NOUN	 manga
It was first released in November 1994, and under the name Super Donkey Kong (スーパードンキーコング, Sūpā Donkī Kongu) in Japan. The game was later re released for the Game Boy Color (2000), Game Boy Advance (2003), Wii Virtual Console	Console	PROPN	(	PUNCT	 (
) A " contiguous zone " of a further 12 nmi are permitted for hot pursuit of vessels charged with violating customs, taxation, immigration, or pollution laws in the territorial waters. An " exclusive economic zone " or EEZ places all exploitation of marine life and	and	CCONJ	minerals	NOUN	 minerals
In January 2007, ISMB and ECCB agreed to hold joint conferences in Europe every other year, beginning with ISMB / ECCB 2007. ISMB would be held in North America in the years between joint meetings. As of 2016, this pattern has been confirmed to continue	continue	VERB	until	ADP	 until
After Johnson fell for four at 7 / 246, Lindwall then joined Tallon and the pair survived to the close of play. England were well placed when Australia ended at stumps on 7 / 258 with Tallon on 25. Tallon had dominated the scoring late in day	day	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
His compositions include works for orchestra, quartet, and solo piano, while his musical style ranges from " quietly pensive mood music to a rich orchestration of classical depth and breadth ". Active since 1983, Joseph has performed in front of more than a half million	million	NUM	people	NOUN	 people
This aircraft was ordered to prevent a shortfall of airlift capacity while the original four C 17s underwent scheduled heavy maintenance. The decision to purchase this aircraft also supplanted an earlier plan to acquire an additional two C 130Js. As the deadline for A41 206 to be temporarily	temporarily	ADV	taken	VERB	 taken
The episode prominently features the drug scopolamine which can cause people to quickly become unconscious, and twilight sleep, which is a condition that can render people unconscious following great moments of pain. The name of the serial killer – Gerald Thomas Schnauz – comes from Vince Gilligan	Gilligan	PROPN	's	PART	's
He was unable to repeat the success achieved during his first spell and was sacked two seasons later with Norwich mid table in Division One. Nigel Worthington took over as Norwich City manager in December 2000 following an unsuccessful two years for the club under Bruce Rioch and then	then	ADV	Bryan	PROPN	 Bryan
Named as the province's vice president and military commander, Caxias arrived in São Paulo on 21 May 1842. After he defeated the rebels there, he was appointed military commander of Minas Gerais and marched to that province. With the aid of National Guard units from	from	ADP	Rio	PROPN	 Rio
In 1985, CNLS initiated the Stanislaw M. Ulam Distinguished Scholar program, which provides an annual award that enables a noted scientist to spend a year carrying out research at Los Alamos. The fiftieth anniversary of the original FPU paper was the subject of the March 2005 issue	issue	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
All units were located in Darwin except No. 42 Squadron, which was based at Melville Bay. The Catalina squadrons were expected to carry out a total of 100 missions per month from Darwin. In their first three weeks of operation from 13 September 1944 they accomplished	accomplished	VERB	98	NUM	 98
The breed has a squarely built muscular body and an oval shaped head with a long muzzle and long ears that hang fairly low. Its coat can vary in colours from chocolate, chestnut brown and white with sandy coloured markings on the head and white or grey spots	spots	NOUN	on	ADP	 on
After listening to fan demand, Atlus decided to make a fourth numbered entry in the Shin Megami Tensei subseries, something not seen in Japan since the release of Shin Megami Tensei III: Nocturne in 2003. The reason for the ten year gap between III and IV	IV	PROPN	was	AUX	 was
Because of the relatively weak and disorganized nature of the storm, impact throughout its path was widespread, but not particularly severe. Puerto Rico bore the brunt of the storm, followed by the United States Virgin Islands, then the Dominican Republic. Debby was attributed to	to	ADP	about	ADV	 about
It continued to trade under her name after she left it in 1973, but her reputation rests on her articles and her books, which have been constantly reprinted. David was born Elizabeth Gwynne, the second of four children, all daughters, of Rupert Sackville Gwynne	Gwynne	PROPN	and	CCONJ	 and
He has created a Brazilian rainforest filled with animals on top of his roof. There Nikki and Loudon — who had become close with each other on their journey — express their love for each other, and Murray finds a partner. Loudon delivers Nikki to the bus	bus	NOUN	station	NOUN	 station
It originally aired on the Fox network in the United States on October 28, 1993, and features three short stories called " The Devil and Homer Simpson ", " Terror at 5 ½ Feet ", and " Bart Simpson's Dracula ". The episode was	was	AUX	directed	VERB	 directed
Thảo reasoned that aligning himself with a group of officers that were likely to successful would yield more influence in the resulting junta. The coup was successfully executed on 1 November 1963 under the leadership of Generals Dương Văn Minh and Trần Văn Đôn. Thảo commanded around two	two	NUM	dozen	NOUN	 dozen
The book was published shortly before Mother's Day and Angelou's 85th birthday. It focuses, for the first time in her books, on Angelou's relationship with her mother, Vivian Baxter. The book explains Baxter's behavior, especially Baxter's abandonment of Angelou	Angelou	PROPN	and	CCONJ	 and
In the " red reality ", two police officers are sitting in a car talking when they receive a report of a break in at a local college swimming pool. They see Michael running naked from the pool and chase him; when they tell him to stop	stop	VERB	running	VERB	 running
A group of investigators led by Jeremy Richardson of NASA's Goddard Space Flight Center spectrally measured HD 209458 b's atmosphere in the range of 7.5 to 13.2 micrometres. The results defied theoretical expectations in several ways. The spectrum had been predicted to have a peak at	at	ADP	10	NUM	 10
The belt armor was a much more intractable problem; the 16 inch gun could penetrate 13.5 inches of plate, the thickest in an American battleship at the time, even at 25,000 yards. To proof the ship against her own armament — a characteristic known as "	"	PUNCT	balanced	ADJ	 balanced
However, there are some EU policies that have had an impact on sport, such as the free movement of workers, which was at the core of the Bosman ruling that prohibited national football leagues from imposing quotas on foreign players with European citizenship. The Treaty of	of	ADP	Lisbon	PROPN	 Lisbon
Sampson commented that even during his life, this myth had become " so powerful that it blurs the realities ", converting Mandela into " a secular saint ". Within a decade of the end of his Presidency, Mandela's era was being widely thought of as	as	ADP	"	PUNCT	 "
A significant portion of the year was spent learning to perform the songs they wrote; the recording itself took six months. obZen reached No. 59 on the Billboard 200 chart, selling 11,400 U.S. copies in its first week of release and 50,000 copies after six months	months	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
This public / private partnership was challenged by residents of the Brickyard Road neighborhood, who earlier had opposed affordable housing on the site and now opposed the public / private partnership Leggett advanced to build and maintain the fields. In 2013 the County abandoned the effort and returned	returned	VERB	the	DET	 the
The strain point is reached when the glass has a viscosity of 1014.5 poise. The annealing point, which is the temperature where the internal stresses are reduced to an acceptable commercial limit in 15 minutes, is marked by a viscosity of 1013 poise. Glass fibers are	are	AUX	useful	ADJ	 useful
Kenji Ito, along with other players, performed " Fool's Dance " from Dawn of Mana at the Extra: Hyper Game Music Event 2007 concert in Tokyo on July 7, 2007. Sinfonia Drammatica, an August 4, 2009 concert performed by the Royal Stockholm	Stockholm	PROPN	Philharmonic	PROPN	 Philharmonic
A PPP spokesman stated he underwent angioplasty in the United States. In September 2005, he did not show up for a Rawalpindi hearing on corruption charges; the court issued an arrest warrant. His lawyers stated he could not come because he was recovering from his treatment	treatment	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
The police are here to fully investigate the circumstances and report them to the coroner. " An inquest was opened and, three weeks later, the police investigation concluded that nobody should face criminal charges as a result of the accident. Shaw's funeral was held in	in	ADP	Bideford	PROPN	 Bideford
As commander of the AWRS, Treloar worked enthusiastically and at times had to be ordered to take holidays. He told Bean that he was motivated " to do something really worthwhile for Australia " by bringing together the records covering Australia's role in the war. He	He	PRON	actively	ADV	 actively
The ballot claimed that a vote for Diệm would be a vote for democracy, stating " I depose Bảo Đại and recognise Ngô Đình Diệm as Head of State, charged with the commission of setting up a democratic regime. " Bảo Đại's ballot read " I	I	PRON	do	AUX	 do
Bypassing El Hawaish, they made for Bir Mahadat, arriving at midday they discovered the Turkish were withdrawing to the north. Setting off in pursuit they caught up with the Turkish rearguard, which was forced to stop and fight. For the loss of two killed and	and	CCONJ	eight	NUM	 eight
The road is 18.58 miles (29.90 km) long and is a suffixed highway of U.S. Route 9 (US 9). NY 9L goes through three municipalities in Warren County: the city of Glens Falls, the town of Queensbury and the town of Lake George	George	PROPN	.	PUNCT	.
The subspecific annamiticus is derived from the Annamite Mountain Range in Southeast Asia, part of this subspecies ' range. In 2006, a single population, estimated at fewer than 12 remaining rhinos, lived in an area of lowland forest in the Cat Tien National Park in	in	ADP	Vietnam	PROPN	 Vietnam
Before the early 1990s, New World Order conspiracism was limited to two American countercultures, primarily the militantly anti government right and secondarily that part of fundamentalist Christianity concerned with the end time emergence of the Antichrist. Skeptics such as Michael Barkun and Chip Berlet observed that right	right	ADJ	wing	NOUN	 wing
The Joker is scheduled to appear in the 2016 film Suicide Squad, portrayed by Jared Leto. The Joker has also been featured in video games. Hamill returned to voice the character in 2009's critically acclaimed Batman: Arkham Asylum, its equally praised 2011 sequel Batman	Batman	PROPN	:	PUNCT	:
The fruit bodies of the saprobe typically grow in clusters on or near rotting hardwood tree stumps or underground tree roots. Depending on their stage of development, the tawny brown mushroom caps may range in shape from oval to bell shaped to convex, and reach diameters up	up	ADP	to	PART	 to
Various species are known to feed on dead arthropods (scavenging), web silk, and their own shed exoskeletons. Pollen caught in webs may also be eaten, and studies have shown that young spiders have a better chance of survival if they have the opportunity to	to	PART	eat	VERB	 eat
The eight living male sons followed different paths: Domingo José Estanislao became canon at the local cathedral, while Carlos José and José Gregorio joined the military. Manuel Belgrano was meant to follow his father's work, but when he developed other interests, it was his	his	PRON	brother	NOUN	 brother
The disaster undermined confidence in Charles ' capacity to rule. Parisians considered it proof of courtly decadence and threatened to rebel against the more powerful members of the nobility. The public's outrage forced the King and Orléans, whom a contemporary chronicler accused of attempted regicide and	and	CCONJ	sorcery	NOUN	 sorcery
" We are going to take some time away now because we just ran for two years " he said in an interview with Loudwire. In February 2014, Erna tweeted that the band has made progress in the songwriting process for its next studio album, tentatively scheduled	scheduled	VERB	for	ADP	 for
The county seat of St. Jones (renamed Kent County in 1681) is at Dover. After 2000, a fourth " Appoquinimink County " was proposed to be carved out of New Castle County. The motivation for this failed effort was to end the zoning restrictions of	of	ADP	the	DET	 the
RIDA was renamed as the Majlis Amanah Rakyat (The Indigenous People's Trust Council) or MARA in 1965, and came to symbolise the development of Malay entrepreneurship. Although the NEP was aimed at addressing economic imbalances, it soon became associated with ketuanan Melayu. While	While	SCONJ	the	DET	 the
... Therefore the Jews must not be enabled to pave the place. Carl Sandreczki, who was charged with compiling a list of place names for Charles Wilson's Ordnance Survey of Jerusalem in 1865, reported that the street leading to the Western Wall, including the part	part	NOUN	alongside	ADP	 alongside
The LaVale toll house is the first of its kind to be built along the National Road, and it is the last standing toll house along the National Road in Maryland. The LaVale toll house was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1977. Multiple	Multiple	ADJ	realignments	NOUN	 realignments
Tariffs had been raised to high levels during the Civil War. Afterwards, Garfield, who made a close study of financial affairs, advocated moving towards free trade, though the standard Republican position was a protective tariff that would allow American industries to grow. This break	break	NOUN	with	ADP	 with
Shortly before the 1884 election, the Republican media published an affidavit from Halpin in which she stated that until she met Cleveland, her " life was pure and spotless ", and " there is not, and never was, a doubt as to the paternity of	of	ADP	our	PRON	 our
Göring agreed and listed a number of forms that the sweeps may take. The most important tactical change he made was instituting a wholesale purge of older Geschwaderkommodore in favour of younger men. From now on, leaders were to be drawn from the ranks, given responsibility	responsibility	NOUN	based	VERB	 based
He moved to nearby Thornhill, Ontario soon after, and one or two years passed before he asked his parents if he could play again. His father sought out coach Casey Curtis at the Blackmore Tennis Club in Richmond Hill, Ontario. Curtis was at first reluctant	reluctant	ADJ	to	PART	 to
The tide water gristmill on the Gowanus was the first in the town of Breukelen and was the first mill ever operated in New Netherland (located north of Union Street, west of Nevins Street, and next to Bond Street). A second mill (Denton's	's	PART	Mill	PROPN	 Mill
TG 52.2 then voyaged to the Gilbert Islands to add additional firepower to the strikes currently hitting them. Departing in late November, Washington steamed to first Makin to provide protection for ships there, then Ocean Island to prepare to bombard Nauru with its sister North Carolina,	,	PUNCT	all	DET	 all
On August 16, it intensified as it moved ashore near Cedar Key, where hurricane force wind gusts were briefly observed. The depression dissipated on August 17 over South Carolina, although in that state it produced its heaviest rainfall, totaling 14.11 in (358 mm)	)	PUNCT	in	ADP	 in
Radiocarbon analysis showed that they were constructed from 1040 to 1160. The walls were as tall as 2.75 metres (9 ft 0 in) at places when they were discovered, and may have been around 2 metres (6 ft 7 in) taller originally. They	They	PRON	were	AUX	 were
The Cuyo region has an arid or a semi arid climate. The region's wide range in latitude, combined with altitudes ranging from 500 m (1,600 ft) to nearly 7,000 m (23,000 ft), means that it has a variety of different climate types	types	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
One way of, hopefully, assuring victory there was to nominate a son of Ohio. Between 1865 and 1929, every Republican president who first gained his office by election (that is, rather than succeeding on the death of his predecessor) was born in Ohio	Ohio	PROPN	.	PUNCT	.
The pilot, Walter Blume was severely injured and taken prisoner. Within a short time, the Germans turned the tables, and three Hurricanes (Crossley, Pilot Officer de Grunne and Pilot Officer Pearce) were shot down. All three survived, though Pearce and de	de	PROPN	Grunne	PROPN	 Grunne
The Australians would also have to clear the withdrawal route of any blocking forces, while at the same time the evacuation of a large number of wounded and Chinese prisoners would hamper their movement. As such the timing of the withdrawal would be critical to its success.	.	PUNCT	Consequently	ADV	 Consequently
The seventh and final track, " For Crying Out Loud ", is a more sedate love song. It recounts the positive changes that a girl has made to the singer's life, which had " reached the bottom ". The song also incorporates some sexual	sexual	ADJ	innuendo	NOUN	 innuendo
Murray joined the Folklore Society in February 1927, and was elected to the society's council a month later, although stood down in 1929. Murray reiterated her witch cult theory in her 1933 book, The God of the Witches, which was aimed at a wider	wider	ADJ	,	PUNCT	,
JFK was released in theaters on December 20, 1991. Box office started slow but picked up momentum and by the first week in January 1992, it had grossed over $50 million worldwide. Stone started to get support for his film. Warner Brothers executives pointed	pointed	VERB	out	ADP	 out
After retiring from the post of Superior General of the Holy Ghost Fathers, Lefebvre was approached by traditionalists from the French Seminary in Rome who had been refused tonsure, the rite by which, until 1973, a seminarian became a cleric. They asked for a conservative	conservative	ADJ	seminary	NOUN	 seminary
The authorities also financed a new cultural center, raised in the immediate vicinity of Bojdeuca during 1984 – 1989. In 1965, the Ion Creangă Children's Theater, a state run institution, was founded in Bucharest, and its subsequent activity included staging several of the	the	DET	writer	NOUN	 writer
In an interview with PopSugar's Lindsay Miller, Stefani identified the song as being " a very personal song " and " my journey " instead of a feminist anthem, but supported Williams ' interpretation, saying " I love when people discover their own opinions about a	a	DET	song	NOUN	 song
One NODAK 32 airplane remained to the west, while one TULSA 13 airplane broke away from the tanker and followed N47BA down. At 1211: 26 CDT, the NODAK 32 lead pilot reported, " The target is descending and he is doing multiple aileron rolls,	,	PUNCT	looks	VERB	 looks
The current rule is that a move must be made on the board before it is written on paper or recorded with an electronic device. Both players should indicate offers of a draw by writing " = " at that move on their scoresheet (Schiller 2003: 27	27	NUM	)	PUNCT	)
She reminded us all of our responsibility to nature and I don't remember what else. Her voice had the sobering effect of a one room schoolmarm's. The tone itself seemed to tame the rowdiest of the local stone crabbers, plus the developers, and the	the	DET	lawyers	NOUN	 lawyers
The road between Port au Prince and the Haiti's Sud Department was closed at Grand Goâve in the Ouest department. In the coastal city of Léogâne near Port au Prince, bridges were closed to cars but not to pedestrians. Surging rivers east of Marigot and west	west	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
Some indigenous elites such as the Xajil Kaqchikel noble family did manage to maintain a level of status into the colonial period. During the second half of the 18th century, adult male Indians were heavily taxed, often being forced into debt peonage. Western Petén and neighbouring	neighbouring	NOUN	Chiapas	PROPN	 Chiapas
Their distributions are thus fragmented, with little evidence of intermingling of subpopulations. Because of their long lifespans and low reproductive rate, overfishing can severely reduce local populations with little likelihood that individuals from elsewhere will replace them. Both commercial and artisanal fisheries have targeted mantas for	for	ADP	their	PRON	 their
She last saw him in 1881, and he died in April the following year. Morris described his mixed feelings toward his deceased friend by stating that he had " some of the very greatest qualities of genius, most of them indeed; what a great man he	he	PRON	would	AUX	 would
The remaining sorties were directed at Brussels marshalling yards, Hamm and Krefeld. One Armstrong Whitworth Whitley failed to return. It was lost to ground fire over the Netherlands. A total of 157 sorties were flown overall. By the September 1940, some 10 – 13	13	NUM	%	NOUN	%
Berneray has been inhabited since prehistoric times and Historic Scotland have identified eighty three archaeological sites on the island, the majority being of a pre medieval date. There are four chambered tombs, five cists and five other sites assumed to be burial cairns, suggesting a significant	significant	ADJ	settlement	NOUN	 settlement
The depression passed near or just north of Guam, as tracked by radar. By late on September 11, the Hurricane Hunters were reporting flight level winds of 95 km / h (60 mph). Early on September 12, the JTWC upgraded Sarah to a	a	DET	tropical	ADJ	 tropical
The reviewer praised the animations in the characters, especially after the snakes eat Nibbly Pibbleys, and he enjoyed the two player simultaneous mode; however, he said that the game lacked in variety, though the gameplay and challenge remained consistent throughout the course of the game	game	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
President Reagan announced on September 16, 1983, that the Global Positioning System (GPS) would be made available for civilian use, free of charge, once completed in order to avert similar navigational errors in future. Furthermore, the interface of the autopilot used on	on	ADP	large	ADJ	 large
Louise's untimely death left her husband alone during a period of great difficulty, as the Napoleonic Wars and need for reform continued. Napoleon reportedly remarked the king " has lost his best minister. " Louise was buried in the garden of Charlottenburg Palace, where a	a	DET	mausoleum	NOUN	 mausoleum
Sepinwall added he liked the Chipotle subplot, but commented, " Overall, ' Dead Celebrities ' was a misfire. " Mitch Norton of the SLC Cartoon Analysis found the episode to be extremely funny. " Genius is not only found in the reference to the deaths	deaths	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
The NDB's radio emission pattern was uniform in all directions in the horizontal plane. The NDB's on board receiver was called a radio direction finder (RDF). The NDB RDF combination allowed pilots to determine the direction of the NDB ground station relative to the	the	DET	direction	NOUN	 direction
For her maiden voyage in June 1861, Amazon sailed to Five Islands to take on a cargo of timber for passage across the Atlantic to London. After supervising the ship's loading, Captain McLellan fell ill; his condition worsened, and Amazon returned to Spencer's	's	PART	Island	PROPN	 Island
Manzanero has sung " Por Debajo de la Mesa " as a duet Peruvian musician Tania Libertad on the duo's studio album Manzanero y la Libertad (1998) and with Chano Domínguez and Carmen Paris on Manazero's album Duetos 2 (2002). He also performed	performed	VERB	the	DET	 the
American war correspondent Walter Graeber wrote for TIME magazine from the Tobruk trenches in 1942 that " old tins of British made Kiwi polish lay side by side with empty bottles of Chianti. " A story indicative of the rise in global significance of shoe polish is told by	by	ADP	Jean	PROPN	 Jean
The faster British ships began to pull away from their pursuers, and at 18: 00 Grosser Kurfürst was forced to shift fire from Princess Royal to the battleship Valiant, though by 18: 16 Valiant too had moved out of range. Grosser Kurfürst's shells straddled	straddled	VERB	Valiant	PROPN	 Valiant
Its viral cause and spread were understood by the early 20th century. Apart from eliminating the mosquitoes, work is ongoing for medication targeted directly at the virus. Typically, people infected with dengue virus are asymptomatic (80%) or have only mild symptoms such as	as	ADP	an	DET	 an
The Abbot's Kitchen is described as " one of the best preserved medieval kitchens in Europe ". The 14th century octagonal building is supported by curved buttresses on each side leading up to a cornice with grotesque gargoyles. Inside are four large arched fireplaces with smoke outlets	outlets	NOUN	above	ADP	 above
The October 12, 1874, edition of the South Branch Intelligencer characterized the new bridge as a " complete, handsome and durable structure ", and further recounted that " the contractors, Messrs. White & Sons, New Brighton, Pennsylvania ' Penn Bridge & Machine Works	Works	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
" Kadeen Griffiths of Bustle observed that Kim " never put on spandex or acquired a secret identity; instead, she had her own website where people could book her for jobs with a tagline that promised that she could do anything ", a claim reinforced by the	the	DET	fact	NOUN	 fact
He joined the band full time shortly thereafter and the band entered the studio with producer Jerry Finn later that year to begin work on its third album. With the release of the group's third album Enema of the State in June 1999, Blink 182 was catapulted	catapulted	ADJ	to	ADP	 to
He studied privately with Liszt in Italy from 1863 to 1865, one of the few students allowed to do so, and continued to attend Liszt's master classes in Weimar, Germany regularly until 1885, even after embarking on a solo career. This period of study	study	NOUN	was	AUX	 was
The Great Hall at the centre of the north range is entered through a porch and screens passage, a feature common in houses of the period, designed to protect the occupants from draughts. As the screens are now missing, they may have been free standing like	like	ADP	those	PRON	 those
In January 1943, Murphy was processed through Camp Kilmer, New Jersey. He arrived at Casablanca, in French Morocco on 20 February and was assigned to Company B, 1st Battalion, 15th Infantry Regiment, 3rd Infantry Division. As part of Operation Torch the United	United	PROPN	States	PROPN	 States
Before the changes, all existing members voted on new admissions, and four " no " votes meant rejection. After Hebard's changes, only club directors could vote, and only one " no " was needed to block election. In 1927, the road grading	grading	VERB	for	ADP	 for
After the Gallipoli Campaign, Australian troops returned to Egypt and the AIF underwent a major expansion, which involved the raising of another three infantry divisions — the 3rd, 4th and 5th — and the establishment of the Anzac Mounted Division. In March 1916, the infantry	infantry	NOUN	began	VERB	 began
However, upon escaping, Gollum decides to betray them and take the Ring back for himself. He tricks Frodo into going on without Sam, but Sam follows them into Shelob's lair. In the lair, Gollum abandons Frodo, and Sam must fight past spiders	spiders	NOUN	and	CCONJ	 and
The film is a sequel to the film adaptation of the first installment in the Silent Hill series. Directed by Michael J. Bassett, it starred Adelaide Clemens as Heather, Kit Harington as Vincent Cooper, Sean Bean as Harry Mason, Carrie Ann Moss as Claudia Wolf	Wolf	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
Agincourt was leading the inshore column of ships, contrary to normal practice where the senior flagship lead the inshore column, and gently ran aground sideways when the senior flagship's navigator failed to compensate for the set of the tide. Warrior, immediately following her, nearly	nearly	ADV	collided	VERB	 collided
Apart from the depth and consistent nature of the alluvium, Mummy Cave is also characterized by extreme dryness. The pointed shape of the cliff above prevents rain and meltwater from percolating through the rock to the cave, and there are no vertical joints in the rock above	above	ADV	.	PUNCT	.
The application of gold on the shields, in contrast to its absence on the rest of the ceiling, serves to link the ceiling to some extent with the frescoes around the walls. In the latter, gold leaf has been applied lavishly to many details and in	in	ADP	some	PRON	 some
Of these additions, the use of a preface was discontinued in his next odes along with the removal of details that describe setting within the poems; they would only be implied within later odes. H. W. Garrod, in his analysis of Keats's sonnet form,	,	PUNCT	believes	VERB	 believes
Music from the 1980s is typically played in the queue area, true to the decade in which the ride debuted. There is a DJ booth next to the queue, but it is no longer in use. The Fast Lane entrance is near the exit of the	the	DET	ride	NOUN	 ride
Its potential severity has driven much research to prevent it and divers almost universally use decompression tables or dive computers to limit or monitor their exposure and to control their ascent speed and decompression procedures. If DCS is contracted, it is usually treated by hyperbaric oxygen therapy in	in	ADP	a	DET	 a
West of the Clinton city limits is an interchange with Clinton County Road Z36 (CR Z36), which serves Low Moor and as a shortcut to southbound US 67. East of CR Z36, it passes the Clinton Municipal Airport and a large chemical plant. As	As	SCONJ	it	PRON	 it
She was launched on 18 August 1935 and completed on 27 February 1937. The ship was named after Lieutenant Commander (Korvettenkapitan) Georg Thiele who commanded the Seventh Half Flotilla of torpedo boats in the Battle off Texel in October 1914. Georg Thiele was assigned to the	the	DET	1st	ADJ	 1st
As built, Curie did not have a deck gun. The Brumaire class featured twin propeller shafts driven by two French license built MAN 6 cylinder diesel engines on the surface, or by two electric motors when submerged. Curie's diesel engines generated a total of 840	840	NUM	brake	NOUN	 brake
In 1987, he publicly came out as gay. In 1990, Frank was instrumental in crafting the 1990 Immigration Act, which restated the reasons for which a person could be denied entry into the country. The act did not include " sexual preference exclusion [s	s	X	]	X	]
Much of his curriculum was likely designed by priest Piotr Skarga, much respected by Sigmismund III. Władysław studied for several years in the Kraków Academy, and for two years, in Rome. At the age of 10 Władysław received his own prince court. Władysław formed	formed	VERB	a	DET	 a
Our story takes place in one year; the real story took place over four years. People who know the story will find a lot of what they call errors. I'm sure I'll be deluged with letters. " Nazarian's research, collected over several	several	ADJ	years	NOUN	 years
Kurt Aland and his team from the Institute for New Testament Textual Research were the first scholars who exclusively were invited to analyse, examine and photograph these new fragments of the New Testament in 1982. Among these fragments were twelve complete leaves from the Sinaiticus, 11 leaves	leaves	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
Early research on the galactic habitable zone, including the 2001 paper by Gonzalez, Brownlee, and Ward, did not demarcate any specific boundaries, merely stating that the zone was an annulus encompassing a region of the galaxy that was both enriched with metals and spared from	from	ADP	excessive	ADJ	 excessive
The first version update for Halo 3 was released on February 19, 2008, and addressed various bugs such as melee contest resolution and saved film theater errors. The next update (called a Title Update) was released September 23, 2008, and includes new Achievements	Achievements	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
The event is the largest and most successful student run fundraising event in the United States for the March of Dimes. In its first 27 years, from 1977 through 2003, the event raised a combined US $1.3 million. Many students believe that they will do	do	VERB	well	ADV	 well
A dam broke along the river, flooding the town of Chokwe in the middle of the night and trapping several unprepared residents. About 55 people drowned in Sofala Province after rescue helicopters arrived too late to save them. Around 20,000 people in the capital city of Maputo	Maputo	PROPN	lost	VERB	 lost
This parish, among others, was obliged to contribute to the repair of the fifth pier of Rochester bridge. The church was restored in 1860 by Sir George Gilbert Scott. The north nave window has fragments of fourteenth century glass, and the nave has a good	good	ADJ	selection	NOUN	 selection
At the end of 1905 football looked about to be abolished due to all of the reoccurring violence during games. Football was a sport that had degenerated into dangerous tactics such as: the flying wedge, punching, kicking, piling on, and elbows to the face	face	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
The first attempt to create an independent Romanian army was made by Gheorghe Magheru during the 1848 Wallachian Revolution, and it was based at Râureni (now part of Râmnicu Vâlcea). However, Magheru rapidly ordered his troops to disband when the Ottoman forces swept into Bucharest	Bucharest	PROPN	to	PART	 to
Later, Kurt succeeds in becoming a finalist for NYADA, as does Rachel. In " Dance with Somebody ", Kurt feels that Blaine has been distant, and confides in a boy named Chandler he meets at the local music store. The two hit it off	off	ADP	instantly	ADV	 instantly
Trains had to use the old Hoved Line from Oslo S to Lillestrøm, but could use the new high speed line from Lillestrøm to Gardermoen. Regular operations using Romeriksporten started on 22 August 1999. To be able to use the new Gardermoen Line infrastructure, Norges Statsbaner	Statsbaner	PROPN	had	VERB	 had
The Riverina is represented at the federal level in two divisions of the Australian House of Representatives, the Division of Riverina, covering the Murrumbidgee valley; and the Division of Farrer, the area along the Murray River. In 2015, Riverina is held by the National	National	PROPN	Party	PROPN	 Party
1705 – 7 April 1739) was an English highwayman whose exploits were romanticised following his execution in York for horse theft. Turpin may have followed his father's trade as a butcher early in life, but, by the early 1730s, he had joined a gang	gang	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
Professional gamers dedicate many hours each day to playing StarCraft when preparing for the highly competitive leagues. Lee Yun Yeol, a Terran player known as [Red] NaDa, reported earnings in 2005 of US $200,000. In April 2009, a Collegiate Star League was	was	AUX	formed	VERB	 formed
In the first of its three phases, beginning on 23 October, the New Zealanders advanced behind a creeping artillery barrage which commenced at 9: 40 pm and quickly attained all its objectives and began consolidating them. Bonifant was wounded during a bombing raid the day after	after	ADP	the	DET	 the
All of the surviving families of crocodyliforms inhabited freshwater and terrestrial environments — except for the Dyrosauridae, which lived in freshwater and marine locations. Approximately 50% of crocodyliform representatives survived across the K – Pg boundary, the only apparent trend being that no large crocodiles survived	survived	VERB	.	PUNCT	.
After his experience of seeing the production of television plays in New York, he was eager to work in drama despite, by his own admission, " knowing nothing about drama. " He was nonetheless able to persuade his superiors at CBC to make him Supervisor of	of	ADP	Drama	PROPN	 Drama
The young Air Force was a small organisation with the atmosphere of a flying club, although several pioneering flights were made by its members. Goble had commanded the first circumnavigation of Australia by air in 1924 while he was CAS. On 25 September 1926, with two	two	NUM	crew	NOUN	 crew
The former routing of US 213 between Wye Mills and Ocean City is now US 50 between Wye Mills and Vienna, Old Route 50 through Vienna, US 50 between Vienna and Salisbury, US 50 Bus. through Salisbury, MD 346 between Salisbury and east of Berlin	Berlin	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
A lower caniniform, larger than the upper, took the first position in the dentary and was accommodated by the arched diastema of the upper jaw when the mouth was closed. These caniniforms were serrated on both the anterior and posterior edges in Heterodontosaurus and Lycorhinus, while	while	SCONJ	those	PRON	 those
New Jersey Transit ’ s Atlantic City Line runs a short distance to the northeast of the route at this point. US 30 continues through Chesilhurst before it enters Winslow Township. Here, the route intersects CR 536 and forms a short concurrency with that route before it	it	PRON	heads	VERB	 heads
Owing to the state of tension, repairs could not be effected, and only ammunition, coal, and other supplies were loaded. By early November, the actions of the German battlecruiser Goeben, which had been transferred to the Ottoman Navy, resulted in declarations of	of	ADP	war	NOUN	 war
Born in Kirkheaton, Hirst first achieved success for Yorkshire as a bowler who could bat a little. Over his first few seasons, his batting developed at the expense of his bowling until he was regarded mainly as a specialist batsman. Around 1900, his bowling re	re	VERB	emerged	VERB	 emerged
Although the report acknowledged Monica as the only character with whom test audiences identified somewhat positively, NBC admitted that reception towards the character was " well below desirable levels for a lead " nonetheless. In retrospect, The New Republic's Andrew Harrison believes that although Monica and	and	CCONJ	her	PRON	 her
Returning to the 3rd Division, Dannatt planned two exercises at the British Army Training Unit Suffield in Canada. The first was, at the time, the largest exercise the Army had run since the end of the Cold War; the second only took place after Dannatt	Dannatt	PROPN	's	PART	's
To the network's credit, they not only aired it, but they did not advertise it. I thought that was pretty classy. " Stephen Tropiano in Prime Time Closet: A History of Gays and Lesbians on TV writes that this approach was " truly groundbreaking	groundbreaking	VERB	"	PUNCT	 "
The descent of Beorhtwulf is not known, but it appears that dynastic tension was a continuing factor in the Mercian succession, in contrast to Wessex, where Egbert established a dynasty that lasted with little disturbance throughout the 9th century. Wiglaf was buried at Repton, in	in	ADP	a	DET	 a
More interested in the plant's medicinal properties than its culinary use, he also recommended pickled hogweed juice as a cure for fever or hangover. Hogweed borscht was mostly a poor man's food. The soup's humble beginnings are still reflected in Polish fixed expressions,	,	PUNCT	where	SCONJ	 where
Dishonored appeared on several lists of the best games of 2012, and was placed at number one by Ars Technica, CBS News, CNET, CNN, Edge, the Daily Mirror, Forbes, and The Guardian (jointly with XCOM: Enemy Unknown); number	number	NOUN	three	NUM	 three
The final round saw both fighters grappling, with Oliveira reigning victorious. In the second bout, Shane Roller rebounded from three losses in a row with a unanimous decision victory over John Alessio. Roller, a former four time Oklahoma high school state wrestling champion and a	a	DET	Big	ADJ	 Big
Standarte under the overall command of Höherer SS- und Polizeiführer Ost Friedrich Wilhelm Krüger. The unit was short of basic supplies such as weapons, food, and uniforms, which led to deteriorating morale and ill health. Incidents of corruption and theft took place, particularly among	among	ADP	members	NOUN	 members
Beginning in June 1917, Wilhelm von Krosigk served as the ship's commanding officer; he held this position until the end of the war in November 1918. In February 1918, the German navy decided to send an expedition to Finland to support German army units to	to	PART	be	AUX	 be
The city's gardens feature numerous native plants alongside other species that have been imported over the course of the centuries, including giant bamboos, yuccas, papyrus, palm trees, banana trees, cypress, philodendrons, rose bushes, bougainvilleas, pines and various kinds of	of	ADP	cactus	NOUN	 cactus
Nobody else comes even close to mind who could similarly toy with his own dignity without losing it ". Wansell further notes that Grant could, " with the arch of an eyebrow or the merest hint of a smile, question his own image ", managing to	to	PART	"	PUNCT	 "
Between levels the story is explained and moved forward through the use of short animated cut scenes with text on the screen. Players can often choose their own path through the level by selecting a door or arrow using the gun. Several of the home system versions feature	feature	VERB	light	ADJ	 light
Finishing his tour with No. 101 Flight the following year, Hewitt was posted to Britain in 1934. He attended RAF Staff College, Andover, in his first year abroad, and served as Assistant Liaison Officer at Australia House, London, in 1935. Although	Although	SCONJ	a	DET	 a
The revised ending saw the Enterprise swoop in at the last minute to save Picard and destroy the collector ship with Ru ' afo aboard. The studio liked the new ending but wanted a bigger space battle. The production team agreed providing they could postpone the release to	to	PART	allow	VERB	 allow
Jackson took over command of No. 75 Squadron after his brother was killed in action on 28 April 1942, leading it in the Battle of Milne Bay later that year. Credited with a fifth aerial victory, he became the RAAF's first ace in the New	New	PROPN	Guinea	PROPN	 Guinea
Diane struck the state only five days after Hurricane Connie struck the same general area. Diane quickly weakened as a tropical storm over the mountainous terrain of central North Carolina. The associated area of precipitation expanded and spread away from the center to the north and northeast.	.	PUNCT	The	DET	 The
On December 4 (November 21 O.S.), about 2,000 people arrived in Vilnius; half of them were officially elected as delegates by their local communities. Because no standard elections procedures were offered, the process of selecting the representatives varied greatly. Despite irregularities, it	it	PRON	was	AUX	 was
Chiderah Monde from the New York Daily News felt that the dance sequence during the end of the video was similar to older videos by Destiny's Child. Alex Rees from Cosmpolitan stated that a reunion of the group was " always good fun ". He also noted	noted	VERB	that	SCONJ	 that
A sweatshirt found at the crime was subsequently discovered to contain the DNA of a convicted felon, his prison nickname, and his department of corrections number. Investigators looked for Camm's DNA on the sweatshirt, but failed to investigate any other pieces of evidence found on	on	ADP	it	PRON	 it
Though he played a fundamental role in the development of U.S. air power strategy, he is perhaps better known as the first commander of Air Transport Command — the man who guided and expanded that organization throughout World War II. The Order of Daedalians has, since 1956	1956	NUM	,	PUNCT	,
No further goals meant the game was decided on a penalty shoot out. The first four penalties were scored – Ince and Bruce for United and Winterburn and Jensen for Arsenal, before Seaman saved Irwin's effort. Wright missed his penalty, prompting jeers from the United	United	PROPN	supporters	NOUN	 supporters
Its nodal position, later reinforced by construction of various railways, explains the development of the glass works and later of iron and steel manufacture. In December 1788, King Louis XVI approved construction of a reservoir to supply water to the canal in dry periods. François	François	PROPN	Zacharie	PROPN	 Zacharie
For a prolonged prothrombin time, vitamin K or fresh frozen plasma may be administered to reduce bleeding risk. It may be difficult to obtain endoscopic access to the obstruction located higher (proximal) up in the biliary system, or when it is due to a stricture	stricture	NOUN	in	ADP	 in
This protection effect is good evidence of a specific reaction of the irreversible inhibitor with the active site. The binding and inactivation steps of this reaction are investigated by incubating the enzyme with inhibitor and assaying the amount of activity remaining over time. The activity will be decreased	decreased	VERB	in	ADP	 in
Besides from dressing in latex rubber clothing, she and her back up dancers had to wear ballet pointe heels. The shoes blistered her feet and gave muscle spasms due to the 18 hour session. Beyoncé invited her all female tour band, Suga Mama, to make	make	VERB	their	PRON	 their
A well sited castle that made use of natural defences and had strong ditches and walls had no need for a scientific design. An example of this approach is Kerak. Although there were no scientific elements to its design, it was almost impregnable, and in 1187	1187	NUM	Saladin	PROPN	 Saladin
There are two bicycle shops along the trail in both Gardiner and New Paltz. Flora along the northern end of the trail includes sumac (Rhus) and honeysuckle (Lonicera) shrubs, American elm (Ulmus americana), bigtooth aspen (Populus grandidentata) and quaking	quaking	VERB	aspen	NOUN	 aspen
Rosenbaum expressed that his return for the final episode was for the fans, stating, " I appreciate all of their passion, their relentlessness, and even their threats. " Rosenbaum believed that Lex was trying to be a hero in season one, but that his	his	PRON	character	NOUN	 character
For his next serial, Hergé planned to put together a story that caricatured the actions of Nazi Germany, developing the plot for King Ottokar's Sceptre. However, he temporarily set aside that project when he began to experience dreams of white and a car stuck in	in	ADP	the	DET	 the
Simon Called Peter's sequel, Recompense, was made into a film, and his later novels all attracted substantial attention. His writings generally met with much greater popular than critical approbation, and Simon Called Peter was sufficiently incendiary to be banned. The book nonetheless became	became	VERB	a	DET	 a
Cut scenes feature Cyrus in all prior scenes or dancing with others in the mansion's study. The video concludes with Cyrus back in her bedroom, once again waking up. The video for " Who Owns My Heart " was premiered in MSN Spain on January 1	1	NUM	,	PUNCT	,
" James Poniewozik wrote for Time that the episode " began to let the swords do the talking, " and " while there were some very significant scenes of talk, the dialogue went beyond Westeros History 101 to take the story in some very interesting directions. "	"	PUNCT	IGN	PROPN	 IGN
Found on basalt- or granite based soil, it is a component of complex notophyll vine forest or rainforest, where it is a canopy or emergent tree. This forest, also known as Mabi forest, has an uneven canopy layer to around 45 m (100 ft	ft	PROPN	)	PUNCT	)
After the period of unrest following the Russian Revolution of 1917, the building was nationalized and later converted for communal living. Each apartment was occupied by about nine to ten families. During the Second World War (1941 – 1943), the building was abandoned.	.	PUNCT	Due	ADP	 Due
" Owen Gleiberman of Entertainment Weekly described the film as, " A lush and terrifying spectacle of romantic doom. Writer director James Cameron has restaged the defining catastrophe of the early 20th century on a human scale of such purified yearning and dread that he touches the deepest	deepest	ADJ	levels	NOUN	 levels
Meanwhile, the USAF was gradually changing the anticipated F 105 mission from nuclear interdiction to conventional bombing. The Look Alike upgrades increased the aircraft's capacity from four to 16 conventional 750 lb (340 kg) bombs on underwing and fuselage centerline hardpoints and added the equipment	equipment	NOUN	to	PART	 to
As a result it became a popular store for valuable cargoes including brandy, cotton, tea, silk, tobacco, ivory and sugar. At the same time their openness to natural light and well ventilated stores meant natural goods such as hemp or sugar could be kept	kept	VERB	fresher	ADJ	 fresher
As this route was not connected to the mainline of Route 20, it was designated Route 120 by the 1990s. As a result of the construction of American Dream Meadowlands, the interchange between Route 3 and Route 120 was improved. An overpass between eastbound Route 3	3	NUM	and	CCONJ	 and
The belt tapered down to 30 mm (1.2 in) at the bow, though the stern was not protected by armor at all. A 45 mm (1.8 in) thick torpedo bulkhead ran the length of the hull, several meters behind the main belt.	.	PUNCT	The	DET	 The
The first official video, entitled " Beneath the Surface ", was released on 17 July 2008, and featured interviews with members of the development team and showed screenshots, artwork, and several clips of gameplay footage. A teaser trailer was released on 19 July 2008	2008	NUM	,	PUNCT	,
" In the opening game against Lawrence, Maulbetsch scored three touchdowns, but he was " woefully weak on interference. " Playing against Mount Union, Maulbetsch made several big gains, including a 50 yard touchdown run in the third quarter. His difficulties returned in the	the	DET	season	NOUN	 season
The company's Chief Chemist was soon working on the problem of a suitable adhesive and within a matter of weeks the problem was solved to Macrae's satisfaction. The filling for the bomb was developed by ICI. It was nitroglycerin based with a variety of additives to	to	PART	make	VERB	 make
The architectural designs of these projects have reflected not only the style currents of their time, but the societal debate over the purpose they were intended to serve. Nationalistic ambitions early on gave way to austere designs based on functionalism, and then to designs that emphasized human	human	ADJ	and	CCONJ	 and
Ultimately, more than 200 players wore number 42, including the entire rosters of the Los Angeles Dodgers, New York Mets, Houston Astros, Philadelphia Phillies, St. Louis Cardinals, Milwaukee Brewers, and Pittsburgh Pirates. The tribute was continued in 2008, when,	,	PUNCT	during	ADP	 during
Sisters on soap operas were usually the ones who shared " men, makeup, and misery. " Dimitri and Edmund's relationship was scripted as complicated, transitioning between loving and antagonistic. Their relationship gained positive feedback from both viewers and the soap opera media. Soap	Soap	PROPN	Opera	PROPN	 Opera
The Justice Department still retained supreme overall control, but some say over decisions at the municipal level was delegated to a new elected mayor and City Council. Secondly, a trilogy published in 2001 – 2003 featured an assassin known as the " Chief Judge's Man "	"	PUNCT	,	PUNCT	,
Farmer and his brother moved to Los Angeles in 1945, attending the music oriented Jefferson High School, where they got music instruction and met other developing musicians such as Sonny Criss, Ernie Andrews, Big Jay McNeely, and Ed Thigpen. The brothers earned money by	by	ADP	working	VERB	 working
Carbon dating implies that the shield was deposited in the 10th century BC, although metallurgical evidence suggests that it was manufactured two centuries earlier. A metal working building and associated enclosure were discovered 2 km (1.2 mi) south east of the hillfort, roughly contemporary with	with	ADP	the	DET	 the
However, Milan had also lost two final wearing all white, most recently against Liverpool in 2005. This decision by Milan meant that Liverpool played the final in their traditional home kit of red shirts, red shorts and red socks. Each of Liverpool's five European	European	PROPN	Cup	PROPN	 Cup
Rhenium has one stable isotope, rhenium 185, which nevertheless occurs in minority abundance, a situation found only in two other elements (indium and tellurium). Naturally occurring rhenium is only 37.4% 185Re, and 62.6% 187Re, which is unstable but has a	a	DET	very	ADV	 very
Translated by Lloyd C. Kannenberg. (2000), Kannenberg, L.C., ed., Extension Theory, Providence, R.I.: American Mathematical Society, ISBN 978 0 8218 2031 5 Hamilton, William Rowan (1853), Lectures on Quaternions, Royal Irish Academy Möbius	Möbius	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
In 1978, as a travel correspondent for The Toronto Star, Lewis visited Svisloch one last time, and noted that, " not one Jew now lives there. " The Holocaust wiped out the town's Jewish community, and with it his extended family. He	He	PRON	completed	VERB	 completed
Low pressure systems form under areas of wind divergence that occur in the upper levels of the troposphere. The formation process of a low pressure area is known as cyclogenesis. Within the field of meteorology, atmospheric divergence aloft occurs in two areas. The first area is	is	AUX	on	ADP	 on
They spent $250,000 storing the sets from the first film. Tim Burton had mixed emotions about directing another film in the franchise after his experiences with the previous film. " I will return if the sequel offers something new and exciting ", he said in 1989	1989	NUM	.	PUNCT	.
All failed, and her transport ship was sunk later that year by the British with the submarine aboard. Bushnell claimed eventually to have recovered the machine, but its final fate is unknown. Modern replicas of Turtle have been constructed; the Connecticut River Museum, the	the	DET	U.S.	PROPN	 U.S.
ATP synthase releases this stored energy by completing the circuit and allowing protons to flow down the electrochemical gradient, back to the N side of the membrane. This kinetic energy drives the rotation of part of the enzymes structure and couples this motion to the synthesis of ATP	ATP	PROPN	.	PUNCT	.
For the English language, the European Commission's English Style Guide (2010) states that sentences are always single spaced. The Style Manual: For Authors, Editors and Printers (2007), first published in 1966 by the Commonwealth Government Printing Office of Australia,	,	PUNCT	stipulates	VERB	 stipulates
A subgroup of solar urticaria, fixed solar urticaria, has also been identified. It is a rare, less intense form of the disease with wheals (swollen areas of the skin) that affect certain, fixed areas of the body. Fixed solar urticaria is induced	induced	VERB	by	ADP	 by
An area of low pressure consolidated over Texas on April 26 and traveled east while the aforementioned shortwave trough traversed the Mississippi River and Ohio River valleys. Another 50 tornadoes touched down on that day. The multi day outbreak culminated on April 27 with the most violent recorded	recorded	VERB	day	NOUN	 day
The suit also alleges that significant bonus payments were concealed. The curious dealings led to congressional hearings about why the merger commenced without any disclosures. In September 2009, Cordray, on behalf of Ohio's largest public employee pension funds (State Teachers Retirement System of Ohio	Ohio	PROPN	and	CCONJ	 and
Tipu escaped in the general panic whilst Mendes was captured and killed by the Nairs, who mistook him for Tipu. In 1783, the Kodava Hindus erupted in revolt against Tipu and threw their forces out of Coorg (Kodagu). In 1785, he marched into	into	ADP	Madikeri	PROPN	 Madikeri
The first locomotive that Rogers ' company assembled was actually built by Robert Stephenson and Company of England in 1835. This locomotive was the McNeil for the Paterson and Hudson River Railroad. It took another two years before Rogers received its first order for a complete locomotive.	.	PUNCT	In	ADP	 In
Fights, which may last up to thirty minutes, involve threat displays typical of bovids accompanied by snorting. Fights may even become so violent that one of the opponents meets its death due to severe abdominal or thoracic wounds. A silent animal, the waterbuck makes use	use	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
After he won the 1942 Geneva International Piano Competition he was permitted to give piano recitals, but was still not allowed to conduct. During his exile, he met Hedwig (Hedi) Oeschli, daughter of a lecturer at Zürich University. They married in 1946.	.	PUNCT	In	ADP	 In
Production began only three months after Flavas were designed, and The New York Times described their launch as being rushed. The New York Times said that Flavas " appeared to be heavily inspired " by Bratz while Newsweek described Bratz as the " anti Barbie " and Flavas	Flavas	PROPN	as	ADP	 as
The Survival Edition from Steam includes a digital 32 page art book, 10 downloadable tracks from the Tomb Raider soundtrack, a digital double sided map of the game's island, a digital comic, the Guerilla Skin outfit and three in game weapons from Hitman: Absolution	Absolution	PROPN	.	PUNCT	.
What biographical details are available place the artist as a devout Catholic, deeply influenced by mystical and devotional texts, familiar with 12th and 13th century female theologians such as Mechthild of Magdeburg and Hildegard of Bingen. They believed that contemplating devotional images whilst meditating might lead to	to	ADP	a	DET	 a
In the US the song was released as a radio only single, and was therefore ineligible to chart on the Billboard Hot 100 and Hot R & B / Hip Hop Songs. However, it peaked at number five on the US Billboard Hot 100 Airplay and number	number	NOUN	nine	NUM	 nine
In Wilfredomys, a Brazilian rodent with some similarities to J. anoblepas, the premaxillary bone forms a narrow projection towards the frontals, which is absent in J. anoblepas and other Juliomys species. The zygomatic plates are almost completely vertical. As Winge already noted, the front	front	ADJ	margin	NOUN	 margin
They embarked on a national farewell tour, ending the band after a sold out show on July 2, 2005 in their hometown of Kansas City, Missouri at the Uptown Theater. After the band's split, the Pope brothers took over management of Black Lodge Studios	Studios	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
TxDOT only has $7.7 million of the $30 million required for construction costs. Bexar County will pay for the balance of the project costs with TxDOT reimbursing the County when funds become available. Relocation assistance is being provided to landowners to persuade them to sell their	their	PRON	property	NOUN	 property
Apostolic functions relate to evangelizing previously unreached areas or people groups, while prophetic functions " occur when believers speak under the anointing of the Spirit to strengthen, encourage, or comfort ". " Prophecy is a continuing gift of the Holy Spirit that is broadly distributed as	as	SCONJ	the	DET	 the
By the time that Henry VII took the throne in 1485, England's governmental and social structures had been substantially weakened, with whole noble lines extinguished. Medieval England was a patriarchal society and the lives of women were heavily influenced by contemporary beliefs about gender and authority	authority	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
The British steam freighter SS Llanfair was hit and sunk, travelling as part of SL 41 from Sierra Leone to England. The third and final ship hit on the sixth patrol of U 38 was the British steam freighter SS Har Zion, while travelling with the Convoy	Convoy	PROPN	OB	PROPN	 OB
He continued to pursue his aeronautical interests and qualified as a glider pilot with the Fuerza Aérea Argentina. From 1988 9 Tomlinson worked in Mayfair, London, for management consultancy company Booz Allen Hamilton. Finding his desk job unsatisfying, Tomlinson joined the Territorial Army in September	September	PROPN	1989	NUM	 1989
By the end of the month, the battalion, now under the command of Burrows (Kippenberger had been promoted to brigadier and given command of the 5th Infantry Brigade), was brought back up to strength with 600 reinforcements. For the next two months, Burrows	Burrows	VERB	oversaw	ADJ	 oversaw
However, this resurgence soon became commodified as a trend, while actual awareness within the African American community was limited and ineffectual to issues such as drug dealing and the prevalence of liquor stores in such neighborhoods. Public Enemy responded to this and other deep rooted problems of	of	ADP	Black	PROPN	 Black
From there through the coast of southwestern Florida, small craft were advised to remain near shore due to rough seas. Offshore, workers were removed from oil rigs. Many Mississippi citizens, having experienced the destruction of Hurricane Camille just five years earlier, quickly left their	their	PRON	coastal	ADJ	 coastal
Abram's son Allen Adler (1916 – 1964) was, among other things, the screenwriter of Forbidden Planet. While still married to Sonya, Adler had an affair with Jenny " Jennya " Kaiser, with whom he had a son, stage actor Charles Adler	Adler	PROPN	(	PUNCT	 (
The work was partly financed by a Commonwealth Government grant with the State Government arranging for the balance. The State Government, western and eastern local councils and the Municipal Tramways Trust shared interest costs. The scheme was enacted in 1935 and largely completed by 1939 with the	the	DET	creation	NOUN	 creation
St. Clair reached Fort Edward on July 12 after five days of grueling marches. Some of the remnants that had been scattered at Hubbardton rejoined the army, but Seth Warner and the remains of his regiment were stationed at Manchester in the Grants. Burgoyne settled into the	the	DET	house	NOUN	 house
" The Telephone " was Bava first color film that attempted to emulate the visual style of the covers that appeared on giallo digests. Some of the set pieces for " The Telephone " were taken from the black and white giallo film The Girl Who Knew Too Much	Much	ADJ	(	PUNCT	 (
Ten by Pearl Jam was certified 13x platinum by the RIAA. Soundgarden's album Badmotorfinger and Alice in Chains ' Dirt, along with the Temple of the Dog album collaboration featuring members of Pearl Jam and Soundgarden, were also among the 100 top selling albums of 1992	1992	NUM	.	PUNCT	.
A remake of the original Halloween was released in 2007. This film focuses on the events that led Michael Myers (Daeg Faerch) to kill his family. It also identifies Laurie as Michael ’ s sister early on, which was something not done in the original	original	ADJ	1978	NUM	 1978
A shot from the 18 pounder cannon destroyed the barricades at the front of the church, and Mexican soldiers entered the building after firing an initial musket volley. Dickinson's crew fired their cannon from the apse into the Mexican soldiers at the door. With no time	time	NOUN	to	ADP	 to
In a 1978 classification of the genus Clavaria, Ronald Petersen placed C. zollingeri in the subgenus Clavaria, a grouping of species with clamp connections absent from all septa in the fruit body; others in the subgenus included C. purpurea, C. fumosa, and the type,	,	PUNCT	C.	PROPN	 C.
The Hax logo used on Hax lemon juice dates back to at least 1935, at which time it was used in advertisements for Hax brand iodine pencils and Hax brand aspirin. The plastic lemon container and the idea of marketing lemon juice in this manner was also undertaken	undertaken	VERB	independently	ADV	 independently
" In response to a question asking if the magic presented in the Harry Potter series should be considered in the same light as some New Age practices warned against in the document, Fleetwood stated, " If I have understood well the intentions of Harry Potter's author	author	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
His unit was tasked to approach the enemy by surprise and quickly return to camp. Luna had admired García's unit very much that he wanted to increase their size. However, García declined the offer. He believed that a larger force might undermine the efficiency of	of	ADP	their	PRON	 their
An early Sub Pop catalog described the Green River EP as " ultra loose GRUNGE that destroyed the morals of a generation ". Sub Pop's Bruce Pavitt and Jonathan Poneman, inspired by other regional music scenes in music history, worked to ensure that their label projected	projected	VERB	a	DET	 a
Chimneys were blown down in the city; and a resort along Lake Pontchartrain was underwater, and many houses were swept away near the hotel. Telephone service in New Orleans went down during the hurricane. It was reported that Fort St. Philip was flooded by boaters along	along	ADP	the	DET	 the
The second attempt failed simply because neither party wanted to negotiate. The final round of negotiations where the Z 4 Plan was proposed by international diplomats occurred in early August, when a major Croatian attack against the RSK seemed imminent. Despite last ditch efforts by Galbraith to	to	PART	persuade	VERB	 persuade
Streep does nicely as the bad kid and we get many fine moments in this memorable program. " TV Squad's Adam Finley said: " Homer and Marge remained in the background for most of this episode, with Bart and Lisa becoming the main focus. Earlier	Earlier	ADJ	episodes	NOUN	 episodes
According to speculation, the sale was motivated by financial issues and a personal distaste of the building. It remained empty until 1882 when it was purchased by Thomas Nevill, a local industrialist whose wealth came from calico printing, for his son, Charles. While living	living	VERB	in	ADP	 in
Spurred by the success of the tall ships race and the International Garden Festival, Arrowcroft pushed on with the Albert Dock's renovation. With the Edward Pavilion refurbishment a success soon the company started on the Britannia and Atlantic pavilions (formerly the south and south east stacks	stacks	NOUN	)	PUNCT	)
Their powers were limited to granting of " general and special pardons " and to " confer with any of his Majesty's subjects ". On July 14, pursuant to these powers, Admiral Howe sent a messenger with a letter addressed to " George Washington, Esq	Esq	PROPN	.	PUNCT	.
This style of dome required complex centering and radially oriented formwork to create its tight curves, and the earliest surviving direct evidence of radial formwork is found at the caldarium of the Large Baths at Hadrian's villa. Hadrian was an amateur architect and it was apparently domes	domes	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
Suter was the third member of his family to play defence for the Wisconsin Badgers, following brothers John and Bob. He appeared in 34 games in 1983 – 84, scoring 22 points. Ian McKenzie, coordinator of scouting for the Calgary Flames, noticed Suter's	's	PART	play	NOUN	 play
Shellfish, such as crab, shrimp and clams, accounted for 195,000 tonnes (215,000 tons) with a value of $316 million in the same year. The value of products from the seal hunt was $55 million. Aquaculture is a new industry for the	the	DET	province	NOUN	 province
1371 / 1372 – 1410) — grandfather of Margaret Beaufort, Henry VII's mother. Henry (1375 – 1447) Thomas (1377 – 1427) Joan (1379 – 1440) — Joan's son, Richard Neville, 5th Earl of Salisbury, and her	her	PRON	grandson	NOUN	 grandson
It was more difficult to take Koroni. General Sébastiani showed up there on October 7 with a party from his brigade. The fort commander ’ s response was similar to those given at Navarino and Methoni. Sébastiani sent his sappers, who were pushed back by rocks	rocks	NOUN	thrown	VERB	 thrown
On April 16, 1863, Grant ordered Admiral David Porter's Union gunboats south under fire from the Vicksburg batteries to meet up with his Union troops who had marched south down the west side of the Mississippi River. Grant ordered diversionary battles, confusing Pemberton and allowing	allowing	VERB	Grant	PROPN	 Grant
In 1923, the state of New Jersey passed the Good Roads Act, which greatly expanded the state highway system in New Jersey. This act took over pre existing highways and rebuilt them to a standard mandated by the state. Construction began on Route 31 in 1926	1926	NUM	,	PUNCT	,
In the Republic of Rhodesia, the Prime Minister formally reported to the President. Smith and the RF decisively won three more general elections during the 1970s. The Anglo Rhodesian Agreement of 1971 – 72, which would have legitimised the country's independence in Britain's eyes	eyes	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
Only two of her 12 person crew survived. Several mostly intact cases of whisky and brandy left behind at Cape Royds in 1909 were recovered in 2010, for analysis by a distilling company. A revival of the vintage (and since lost) formula for the particular	particular	ADJ	brands	NOUN	 brands
It also allowed for women to join the community as postulants, with the aim of eventually taking religious vows. Bourget designated himself spiritual and canonical director of the novitiate, and delegated a priest, the Abbé Antoine Rey, to be Director of the Hospice. Later	Later	ADV	that	DET	 that
" Piquet scored his first points in Formula One in the race, having failed to score up to that point. He said that he was happy, and hoped that the team could " continue like this for the rest of the season ". After the race	race	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
The album's other commercially released single, " Wishlist ", charted on the Hot 100 at number 47. Album tracks " In Hiding " and " Do the Evolution " also charted on the rock charts. The band hired comic book artist Todd McFarlane to create	create	VERB	an	DET	 an
It contains a chorus sung by Beyoncé, while other verses are sung by West and Jay Z in a rap style. Instrumentally, the song is completed with synthesizers, martial drums and horns. " Lift Off " received mixed to positive reviews from music critics who	who	PRON	highlighted	VERB	 highlighted
Enron's complex financial statements were confusing to shareholders and analysts. In addition, its complex business model and unethical practices required that the company use accounting limitations to misrepresent earnings and modify the balance sheet to indicate favorable performance. The combination of these issues later resulted in	in	ADP	the	DET	 the
McCreary was one of five commissioners charged with overseeing construction of the new governor's mansion and exerted considerable influence on the construction plans. His term expired in 1915, and he died three years later. McCreary County was formed during McCreary's second term in office and	and	CCONJ	was	AUX	 was
Double Allergic was well received by Allmusic, with reviewer Jonathan Lewis claiming that Powderfinger " managed to successfully create an album of melodic pop songs coupled with noisy guitars ". The album was summarised as " a cohesive and mature effort ". Sputnikmusic reviewer blueyxd, had	had	VERB	mixed	ADJ	 mixed
He continued to perform well during 2007 and 2008, and was awarded the NBC Denis Compton Award, as the " most promising young player ", for Somerset in both seasons, scoring regular fifties in both first class and one day cricket. Notable among these innings	innings	NOUN	was	AUX	 was
But I ’ m not trying to get in anybody ’ s soup, I ’ m just trying to be helpful. " Whedon later elaborated that " Since the story has already been approved and everybody knows what we're doing with Avengers 2, we can really	really	ADV	lay	VERB	 lay
As it comes to MD 328 (New Bridge Road) in West Denton, the route passes near residences. The road crosses the Choptank River into Denton, where it becomes Franklin Street. Shortly after the river, MD 404 Bus. splits into a one way	way	NOUN	pair	NOUN	 pair
Within weeks of it being performed, " Born to Try " became the number one single in Australia. Nina was in her first relationship with fellow student Taj Coppin (Jaime Robbie Reyne), when, during a trip away to the beach, Jack Scully (	(	PUNCT	Jay	PROPN	Jay
A second ' lift ' of 220 Horsa and Hamilcar gliders carrying the 6th Air landing Brigade and other units were to land at another drop zone at 21: 00. The first unit of the 6th Airborne Division to land in Normandy, as part of Operation Deadstick	Deadstick	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
Tropical Storm Hermine and the remnants caused heavy rainfall across along most of the southern and eastern parts of Mexico. Rainfall totals from Hermine peaked at 31.15 in (791 mm) in San Pedro Tapanatepec, Oaxaca. When the remnants of Hermine reached the Pacific coast of	of	ADP	Mexico	PROPN	 Mexico
" Government Hooker " garnered acclaim from music critics. Roberts asserted that the song's dynamic was a quirky exception to the contravening nature of Born This Way. Chris Richards of The Washington Post chose the song as a highlight on the album commenting that " ' The	The	DET	Edge	PROPN	 Edge
Following the commercial success of The Evil Dead (1981), Raimi and Campbell decided to collaborate on another project. Joel Coen of the Coen brothers served as one of the editors on The Evil Dead, and worked with Raimi on the screenplay. Production was difficult	difficult	ADJ	for	ADP	 for
The order, however, was never carried out because the triumvirate was deposed by the Revolution of October 8, 1812, and replaced by the Second Triumvirate. The appointment of the supreme director Gervasio Antonio de Posadas fostered further hostilities towards Saavedra. Posadas was among the	the	DET	people	NOUN	 people
At this time the team were managed by Bert Cooke, who did so for 23 years in total, the club record for longest serving manager. In 1924, local youngster Dixie Dean made his debut aged 16 years 355 days. He played 30 games for Rovers	Rovers	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
Woodward later said that " outrageous Rose is the perfect foil for caustic Cora ". She named them as " the best double act ever " and added that they deserved an whole episode dedicated to them. Kate White from the publication later praised the character saying "	"	PUNCT	All	PRON	 All
In addition, US 9 was built to connect to US 1 in Woodbridge on its current alignment (then designated Route 35) instead of using Route 4 (the current Route 35). In the 1953 New Jersey state highway renumbering, the state highways running concurrent	concurrent	ADJ	with	ADP	 with
Because identical siblings come from the same zygote, they are genetically the same. Fraternal twins are as genetically different from one another as normal siblings. By analyzing statistics on how often a twin of a set has a certain disorder compared to other sets of twins,	,	PUNCT	scientists	NOUN	 scientists
Prior to the 2015 – 16 season, Michigan extended Beilein's contract through the 2020 – 21 season. Beilein is known for his offensive system, which emphasizes constant motion, passing, disciplined teamwork, and precision shooting. The offense usually starts out with four players	players	NOUN	outside	ADP	 outside
Catherine was the aunt of Charles V, the Holy Roman Emperor, and he took the annulment as a personal insult. This resulted in France and the Empire declaring an alliance against Henry in 1538, and the Pope encouraging the two countries to attack England. An	An	DET	invasion	NOUN	 invasion
It follows the chord progression G – Am7 – C – D. The verses are driven by banjos and drums, meanwhile the refrains ' instrumentation is marked by distorted guitars. Lyrically, " Picture to Burn " is an evisceration of a no good adolescent male, and	and	CCONJ	is	AUX	 is
" The report named several prominent Yankees who were parts of World Series clubs; there is a long running and fierce Yankees – Red Sox rivalry. Former U.S. prosecutor John M. Dowd brought up Mitchell's conflict of interest, but he later said that the former senator	senator	NOUN	had	AUX	 had
CIEDRA would have opened over 500,000 acres (200,000 ha) adjacent to the new wilderness areas to motorized vehicle use, given 5,693 acres (2,304 ha) of public land to local municipalities, and established a " no net loss " policy for motorized trails. Prior	Prior	ADV	to	ADP	 to
The legal position was unclear, and it took three years before a ruling by the Court of Session was finally upheld by the Home Secretary, granting him the title. The case was held in great secrecy, with the effect that it was unable to be considered	considered	VERB	in	ADP	 in
In round seven, both fighters went toe to toe and in round eight he hurt Judah several times. In round nine, Judah took a knee to gain a breather from Cotto's aggressive style. By the tenth round, Judah was bleeding from a cut over	over	ADP	his	PRON	 his
The protests by supporters of Eve's effort caused Rockefeller to call for an eleven month construction moratorium starting in March 1969. In April 1969, the construction of the Adam Clayton Powell Jr. State Office Building (originally known as the Harlem State Office Building) at 125th	125th	PROPN	Street	PROPN	 Street
Tracheal intubation can be associated with minor complications such as broken teeth or lacerations of the tissues of the upper airway. It can also be associated with potentially fatal complications such as pulmonary aspiration of stomach contents which can result in a severe and sometimes fatal chemical aspiration pneumonitis	pneumonitis	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
The second reason this was problematic is that " breakdancing " was originally called b boying or breaking by the street dancers who created it. A break is a musical interlude during a song — the section on a musical recording where the singing stops and the percussive rhythms	rhythms	NOUN	are	AUX	 are
Triple H agreed to it only if the charges were dropped, which Hornswoggle agreed to. On January 11, 2010 episode of Raw, Mike Tyson, who was the Raw guest host for the night, teamed with Jericho to face DX; however, at the	the	DET	end	NOUN	 end
The Great Hall also features the actual lockers of several former Steelers, including Hall of Fame members Franco Harris, Joe Greene, and Bill Dudley. Six large Super Bowl trophies shaped display columns were erected and contain artifacts from each championship the Steelers have won including replica	replica	NOUN	trophies	NOUN	 trophies
He was mentioned in despatches on 11 December, and promoted to flight commander the following month. Despite Little's prowess in combat, as an aviator he was ordinary at best, enduring a number of crash landings. What gave him his edge as a fighter pilot	pilot	NOUN	was	AUX	 was
The site is on the northwest corner and last buildable site available on the National Mall, overlooking the Lincoln Memorial, and across the street from the historic American Institute of Pharmacy Building. In 2004, Congress authorized $100 million for construction of USIP's headquarters,	,	PUNCT	in	ADP	 in
Uru: The Path of the Shell, extended the story of Uru in the present and added multiple never before seen Ages. Unlike the first expansion pack, Uru: The Path of the Shell was not free, but was boxed and sold in stores. Uru	Uru	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
Waylon Smithers made his first appearance in this episode, although he can be heard over a speaker in The Simpsons series premiere " Simpsons Roasting on an Open Fire ". In his first visual appearance, he was mistakenly animated with the wrong color and was made an	an	DET	African	ADJ	 African
" Cole had a part in Mary Harron's The Moth Diaries, which was released in 2012. Cole made a minor appearance in the music video for the Girls Aloud / Sugababes cover of " Walk This Way " in aid of the British telethon charity Comic Relief	Relief	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
" and " Burn " did, while " Yeah! " was still at the top of the chart and " Burn " at number three. It peaked at number one on July 27, 2004, replacing " Burn " ' s eighth non consecutive chart run	run	VERB	,	PUNCT	,
He was later placed on injured reserve and twice underwent surgery on each side of his groin. Zakuani's contract was allowed to expire, effectively ending his five year career with the Sounders, during which he started in 67 of 78 appearances in league play. At	At	ADP	the	DET	 the
MDF is commonly used to construct subwoofers for permanent installations as its density is relatively high and weatherproofing is not a concern. Other permanent installation subwoofers have used very thick plywood: the Altec 8182 (1981) used 7 ply 28 mm birch faced oak plywood. Touring	Touring	VERB	subwoofers	NOUN	 subwoofers
On May 9, 2006, Oded Fehr was confirmed to reprise his role of Carlos Olivera, as well as Iain Glen, Spencer Locke and Ashanti Douglas who were added to the cast. It was rumored that Debra Marshall was originally cast as Cindy Lennox. However	However	ADV	,	PUNCT	,
China does not involve itself in the domestic affairs of the countries with which it trades, hence has not followed the West in criticising Kagame's alleged involvement in the war in the Congo. Kagame's ultimate goal in international relations is to shift Rwanda from a country	country	NOUN	dependent	ADJ	 dependent
Waivers were granted for only three welds, all of which were buried 17 feet (5.2 m) under the Koyukuk River south of the Brooks Range. Proof of the integrity of questionable welds were evaluated by a unique solution in Section Five north of the Brooks Range	Range	PROPN	.	PUNCT	.
Later, he lived for a time in New York City where he edited a machine tool magazine, but after five years decided to move back to Vermont. In 1911, he married Helen Edith Hartness, daughter of inventor and industrialist James Hartness. They made their	their	PRON	home	NOUN	 home
George VI (who succeeded King Edward on his abdication late in 1936) did not attend until 1940, and then not again until 1944, his place being taken in most years by the Lord High Almoner, Cosmo Gordon Lang, Archbishop of Canterbury. Queen Elizabeth	Elizabeth	PROPN	II	PROPN	 II
A 1563 diocesan return shows that 17 families lived in the village and 120 people took Holy Communion; by the early 18th century, the diocesan visitations by Edmund Gibson show the number of families had risen to 35. The local historian Edward Trollope recorded few changes in	in	ADP	the	DET	 the
In 1820, Adair was elected eighth governor on a platform of financial relief for Kentuckians hit hard by the Panic of 1819, and the ensuing economic recession. His primary effort toward this end was the creation of the Bank of the Commonwealth, but many of his	his	PRON	other	ADJ	 other
When a RAF squadron has successfully engaged a Luftwaffe unit on the map, the game will shift to a first person shooter perspective, in which the point of view is portrayed from a cockpit of either a Spitfire or Messerschmitt Bf 109, depending on the side chosen	chosen	VERB	.	PUNCT	.
The fossils include leaves with visible veins, as well as sporocarps. The Marsileaceae share many of the basic structural characteristics common to most ferns, but the differences are more noticeable than the similarities. Species of this family have long, slender rhizomes that creep along or	or	CCONJ	beneath	ADP	 beneath
The toxic ToxN protein is approximately 170 amino acids long and has been shown to be toxic to E. coli. The toxic activity of ToxN is inhibited by ToxI RNA, an RNA with 5.5 direct repeats of a 36 nucleotide motif (AGGTGATTTGCTACCTTTAAGTGCAGCTAGAAATTC). Crystallographic analysis of	of	ADP	ToxIN	NOUN	 ToxIN
Such statements, according to Wilkinson, made members " distinctly uncomfortable ". The next day the marchers returned by train to Jarrow, where they received an ecstatic welcome from the town. Before the start of the Second World War, and the establishment of war based	based	VERB	industries	NOUN	 industries
The ship lift was complete in December 2015. Each main water turbine has a capacity of 700 MW. The dam body was completed in 2006. Coupling the dam's 32 main turbines with two smaller generators (50 MW each) to power the plant itself,	,	PUNCT	the	DET	 the
As of 2013, the number of HMAs had been reduced to 179, covering 31.6 million acres. Three HMAs are dedicated solely to the protection of feral horses: the Pryor Mountains Wild Horse Range in Montana, the Little Book Cliffs Wild Horse Range in Colorado and	and	CCONJ	the	DET	 the
She was laid down in April 1891, launched in August 1893, and completed in June 1897. She was a member of a group of five broadly similar battleships, along with Carnot, Jauréguiberry, Bouvet, and Masséna, which were ordered in response to the	the	DET	British	PROPN	 British
With the realm now peaceful, Edward left England to join Louis IX on the Ninth Crusade; he was one of the last crusaders. Louis died before Edward's arrival, but Edward decided to continue. The result was disappointing; Edward's small force only enabled	enabled	VERB	him	PRON	 him
Moors shot the footage for " Good Hit " on one location using two different sets. He wanted a " consistent look throughout ", allowing Nice Shoes to " apply the look of one shot to the rest, adjusting contrast to match ". They also readjusted	readjusted	VERB	the	DET	 the
In the ONA's terminology, the terms Drecc and Niner refer to folk based or gang based culture or individuals who support the Order's aims by practical (including criminal) means rather than esoteric ones. One such group is the White Star Acception, who claim	claim	VERB	to	PART	 to
He was enthusiastic about a way of life that has virtually disappeared now. " Brian Tetlow, chairman of the Bolton and District Civic Trust, said: " He's unique, not just to Bolton but to Britain and the world. Our thoughts are with his	his	PRON	wife	NOUN	 wife
The station operates constantly, burning municipal household waste from the local councils of Stockton on Tees, Hartlepool, Middlesbrough, Redcar & Cleveland, North Tyneside and Northumberland. When there is a shortfall in household waste, non hazardous industrial and commercial waste are used to make	make	VERB	up	ADP	 up
The reserve depicts the winged and haloed lion of Saint Marc in a front view, holding the book of the Gospel in his fore paws. The Ionian Islands formed part of the Venetian maritime trade route to the Orient. When the central Ionian Islands were captured by	by	ADP	Venice	PROPN	 Venice
Reznor wrote in 2008 that " more volumes of Ghosts are likely to appear in the future. " In a 2009 interview with Trent Vanegas, he repeated his intention to make another Ghosts album in the near future. Portions of the album were used as the soundtrack	soundtrack	NOUN	to	ADP	 to
The win was Toronto's 48th of the season and 22nd on the road, both tying franchise records. Four days later, the Toronto Raptors broke their franchise record with their 49th win of the season. After the 2014 – 15 season, Louis Williams won the	the	DET	NBA	PROPN	 NBA
Friedman quit the team following the season when Mara denied him an ownership stake, telling him " I'm sorry... but the Giants are for my sons. " New York struggled in 1931 and 1932, finishing with a combined record of 11 – 12 – 3	3	NUM	.	PUNCT	.
A. J. Allmendinger took third place, ahead of fourth placed Jimmie Johnson and Martin Truex, Jr.. There were two cautions in the second session; one of them was caused by Kevin Conway, who stopped on track, and the other was waved for Sam Hornish	Hornish	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
The tactics proved successful in the Canadian Wing. Johnson scored his 19 — 21 victories on 23 and 26 August, whilst claiming yet another Fw 190 on 4 September 1943. Johnsons 19th victory was gained against Oberfeldwebel (First Sergeant) Erich Borounik 10. / JG	JG	PROPN	26	NUM	 26
The quality of Type 94 Nambu pistols decreased towards the end of World War II as the Japanese faced bombing raids from allied forces and material shortages increased. This drastic change in quality from late March 1945, onwards with all quality standards appearing to disappear towards the end	end	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
The police chief asserted that Providence's violence was not stranger to stranger, but relationship driven. The pattern of violent crime was highly specific by neighborhood with vast majority of the murders taking place in the poorer sections of Providence, such as Olneyville, Elmwood, South	South	PROPN	Providence	PROPN	 Providence
The church has national recognition and statutory protection from alteration as it has been designated a Grade II * listed building – the second highest of the three grades of listing, designating " particularly important buildings of more than special interest ". It was given this status on	on	ADP	30	NUM	 30
Virginia's death had a significant effect on Poe. After her death, Poe was deeply saddened for several months. A friend said of him, " the loss of his wife was a sad blow to him. He did not seem to care, after she	she	PRON	was	AUX	 was
He became interested in psychology towards the end of his undergraduate career after reading the work of William James and a few philosophers. In 1928, when he was 21 years old, he received his Bachelor of Science. Asch went on to pursue his graduate degree at	at	ADP	Columbia	PROPN	 Columbia
John Longbottom from Kerrang! magazine regarded the short film as one of the " finest works " by Thirty Seconds to Mars, calling it " simply colossal ". Contactmusic.com felt that the " stunning " video is a " sublime return to form ". Hayley Avron	Avron	PROPN	from	ADP	 from
" Rick Florino of Artistdirect gave the song five out of five stars praising the hook as one of the best in the band's career adding that it managed to make the song " instantly unforgettable ". Florino further called the song " another classic from Evanescence "	"	PUNCT	which	PRON	 which
Throughout the month of May, the Ministry was involved in matches with Mankind, Ken Shamrock, the Big Show, and Test, and in retaliation, the four wrestlers formed the Union stable. The WWF continued to enhance the feud over several weeks, which included	included	VERB	a	DET	 a
Federally, Omak is part of Washington's 4th congressional district, represented by Republican Doc Hastings, elected in 1995. The current mayor, Cindy Gagne, was first elected in 2000 as a councilwomen, and was appointed in May 2009. The State of Washington operates	operates	VERB	a	DET	 a
" The line was developed over the following four years – with multiple pieces teased by West himself – before the line was ultimately cancelled in 2009. In 2009, West collaborated with Nike to release his own shoe, the Air Yeezys, with a second version released	released	VERB	in	ADP	 in
Nevertheless, Antillean music can be characterized by the prominence of the Carnival celebration (prominently from Trinidad and Tobago), and the importance of calypso like song traditions. The Lesser Antilles is also home to a strong Indo Caribbean population; though Indo Caribbean music is found	found	VERB	elsewhere	ADV	 elsewhere
At the eastern end is Leg Square, which is surrounded by three large houses originally built by owners of some of the town's mills. Very close by is Cornhill, on which the former prison stands. Moving roughly eastwards, Garston Street, also in the	the	DET	valley	NOUN	 valley
With its bonds functioning as bank notes, the company gradually moved into the business of lending and discounting to other linen manufacturers, and in the early 1770s banking became its main activity. Renamed the British Linen Bank in 1906, it was one of Scotland's premier	premier	ADJ	banks	NOUN	 banks
Much public outrage resulted from the mystery shrouding Claudius ' death and the death itself; there was a clear desire among the people of Rome that anyone suspected in Claudius ' murder be executed and this included Halotus; he was not killed, and Nero allowed him to	to	PART	retain	VERB	 retain
This particular character was intended to be different to all others, and thought to be " abnormal " compared to other members of his race. Other elements of the version of the Gorn seen in The Original Series, such as the eye design, were including in	in	ADP	the	DET	 the
The Indian Space Research Organisation has scheduled the launch of a 100 kg satellite named Aditya for 2017 – 18. Its main instrument will be a coronagraph for studying the dynamics of the Solar corona. The brightness of the Sun can cause pain from looking at it with	with	ADP	the	DET	 the
Although the audience still struggles to make sense of the stories, the characters are no longer trying to solve their mysteries. Roche concludes that Mulholland Drive is a mystery film not because it allows the audience to view the solution to a question, but the film itself	itself	PRON	is	AUX	 is
It was the highest rated show on the Fox network that week, beating Married... with Children. Since airing, the episode has received mostly positive reviews from television critics. Warren Martyn and Adrian Wood, the authors of the book I Can't Believe It's	's	AUX	a	DET	 a
The story was written by Masato Kato, and the music was composed by Yoko Shimomura. The game was not a commercial success, selling around 180,000 copies worldwide by the end of 2007, less than contemporary Mana games. While critics generally praised the graphics, they	they	PRON	were	AUX	 were
It runs from Interstate 8 (I 8) southeast of Holtville to SR 111 in Calipatria; the entire route is in Imperial County. The routing was added to the state highway system in 1933, and was constructed by 1934; SR 115 was officially designated in the	the	DET	1964	NUM	 1964
As title artist Maurice Binder was creating the credits, he had an idea for the introduction that would appear in all subsequent Bond films, the James Bond gun barrel sequence. It was filmed in sepia by putting a pinhole camera inside an actual.38 calibre gun barrel,	,	PUNCT	with	ADP	 with
It is unknown whether this version, a hand colored print struck from a second generation negative, was colored by Elisabeth Thuillier's lab, but the perforations used imply that the copy was made before 1906. The flag waved during the launching scene in this copy is	is	AUX	colored	VERB	 colored
" The painting diverges somewhat from the biblical story, in that the tax collector confronts the whole group of Christ and the disciples, and the entire scene takes place outdoors. The story is told in three parts that do not occur sequentially, but the narrative logic	logic	NOUN	is	AUX	 is
Princeton had commitments to teach army and navy personnel, and he needed physicists like Smyth to meet those commitments. Smyth therefore became a consultant at Chicago, where he was in charge of designing a nuclear reactor that used heavy water as a neutron moderator, and commuted	commuted	VERB	from	ADP	 from
Other malformations that have been noted with the syndrome are omphalocele and an umbilical hernia. Congenital abnormalities of the heart have also been observed with Malpuech syndrome. From a healthy Japanese couple, Chinen and Naritomi (1995) described the sixth child who had features consistent with	with	ADP	the	DET	 the
Against Boston College, running back Da ' Rel Scott handled some of the kickoff return duties, but Smith returned two for 38 yards. He also caught eight passes for 34 yards and a touchdown. The following week, Maryland clinched bowl eligibility with a 62 –	–	PUNCT	14	NUM	 14
He finally managed to ensure a respectable budget for Formula One by late 1994, which was " effectively underwritten by the Diniz family ". He also hired several experienced personnel, including designer Sergio Rinland and former Ferrari team manager Cesare Fiorio. Furthermore, retired driver René	René	PROPN	Arnoux	PROPN	 Arnoux
" Paul Haggis, who was labeled " doughy " and " pasty " by the church, likewise felt that the attacks were backfiring: " You don't think that makes you look really bad trying to slander me in that way? I'm an imperfect human	human	ADJ	being	NOUN	 being
The Family Islands were surveyed on September 5 and 6, when it was noted that major damage occurred within the island group. Telecommunications were restored to most of the island chain within 24 hours. As of September 21, electricity had been restored to half of the	the	DET	Bahamians	PROPN	 Bahamians
It is typically 13 – 18 cm (5 – 7 in) long and weighs around 100 g (3.5 oz). The carapace and abdomen are smooth, and adults are white with pink and brown markings and a conspicuous pair of long, slim claws.	.	PUNCT	M.	PROPN	 M.
The imperial administration was coordinated by the chancery with headquarters at Persepolis, Susa, and Babylon with Bactria, Ecbatana, Sardis, Dascylium and Memphis having branches. Darius chose Aramaic as a common language, which soon spread throughout the empire. However, Darius gathered a	a	DET	group	NOUN	 group
It is set in the key of F minor, specifically, F Dorian mode, and has a basic sequence of Fm – A♭ – B♭ – Fm as its chord progression. " Telephone " ' s lyrics relate to the singer preferring the dance floor	floor	NOUN	to	ADP	 to
As with all of Tan's productions, the film was targeted at lower class native audiences of all ages. It was advertised, sometimes under the Dutch title In Den Zevenden Hemel, as a " simple yet compelling film " which featured " good music, catchy	catchy	ADJ	songs	NOUN	 songs
There is no recorded information on the Lānaʻi hookbill's breeding behavior. However, the other Hawaiian honeycreepers are remarkably uniform in their breeding behavior, and it is therefore likely that the hookbills also bred from early winter through the end of summer in August, with pair	pair	NOUN	bonding	VERB	 bonding
After an unsuccessful search for employment in Turkey and Austria Hungary, Somerset lived the rest of his life in self imposed and comfortable exile in the south of France. Other names mentioned by the press were Lord Ronald Gower and Lord Errol. Also implicated was the prominent	prominent	ADJ	social	ADJ	 social
In 1959, the study's final report called for the construction of two rapid transit subway lines in downtown Washington. Congress responded to the report by enacting the National Capital Transportation Act of 1960 to coordinate future transportation planning for the area. The act created a new	new	ADJ	federal	ADJ	 federal
The authors of the book I Can't Believe It's a Bigger and Better Updated Unofficial Simpsons Guide, Warren Martyn and Adrian Wood, wrote, " a superb episode which actually makes Marge and Homer's love life seem very real; everyone needs a bit of	of	ADP	spice	NOUN	 spice
It included copies of the found parchments (the originals were of course never produced), though it did not provide the decoded hidden texts contained within them. One of the Latin texts in the parchments was copied from the Novum Testamentum, an attempted restoration of the	the	DET	Vulgate	PROPN	 Vulgate
Final details were settled following discussions between Stalin, Stavka and the leadership of the Southwestern Strategic Direction led by Timoshenko throughout March and April, with one of the final Stavka directives issued on 17 April. By 11 May 1942, the Red Army was able to allocate	allocate	VERB	six	NUM	 six
Hence hafnium has virtually the same atomic radius (and chemistry) as zirconium, and tantalum has an atomic radius similar to niobium, and so forth. This is known as the lanthanide contraction. The effect of the lanthanide contraction is noticeable up to platinum (element	element	NOUN	78	NUM	 78
[Here lies a highly lettered man, of the highest moral and religious integrity, Robert Hues, on account of his erudition in all subjects, both Theology and History, and Rhetoric, Philology, and Philosophy, but especially Mathematics (of which a notable volume	volume	NOUN	[	X	 [
At another crop outpost in Tunisia, the Cigarette Smoking Man warns Strughold that Mulder remains a threat, as he explains what Mulder has found out about the virus. He then hands him a telegram revealing that the X files unit has been re opened. David Duchovny	Duchovny	PROPN	as	ADP	 as
Thomas Cranmer, the imprisoned archbishop of Canterbury, was forced to watch Bishops Ridley and Latimer being burned at the stake. Cranmer recanted, repudiated Protestant theology, and rejoined the Catholic faith. Under the normal process of the law, he should have been absolved as	as	ADP	a	DET	 a
Rhodes now played for Yorkshire as a middle order batsman and front line bowler but England's captain Douglas showed uncertainty whether to use Rhodes in this capacity, or to revert to his pre war role as Hobbs's opening partner. Until the first Test Rhodes batted mainly	mainly	ADV	down	ADP	 down
Morrissey shadowed officers in the Metropolitan Police's murder unit during their duties to learn about their jobs. He discovered that the officers felt undervalued in their jobs, and he incorporated these feelings into the series. Sky first broadcast the series on 10 October. Morrissey received	received	VERB	approval	NOUN	 approval
Directed by Kathryn Bigelow, it received critical acclaim and won six Academy Awards, including Best Picture. Bigelow won the award for Best Director; as of 2016, The Hurt Locker is the sole film by a female director to win in either category. It is	is	AUX	also	ADV	 also
The system crossed the West Bengal coast later and moved to the northwest across the Chota Nagpur Plateau. The depression stalled over Uttar Pradesh on September 12 and remained near Lucknow until September 14. The depression then turned to the east and weakened to a remnant low over	over	ADP	northern	ADJ	 northern
The music covers many styles including piano, hard rock, and electronic music. The soundtrack was published by DigiCube, and was reprinted by Square Enix in 2004. The album reached # 65 on the Japanese Oricon music charts and stayed on the charts for two weeks	weeks	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
This is partly due to the conflicts Britain was engaged in over this period. The Peninsular War resulted in so many deserving candidates for the Bath that a statute was issued allowing the appointment of Extra Knights in time of war, who were to be additional to the	the	DET	numerical	ADJ	 numerical
" Give Me All Your Luvin ' " reached number ten on the Billboard Hot 100 singles chart; the singer's 38th top ten hit, it increased her record as the artist with the most top ten singles on the chart. Madonna's back catalog of albums	albums	NOUN	also	ADV	 also
In June, Jehan de Scheyfve reported that Dudley himself would marry Margaret Clifford, a granddaughter of Mary Tudor, Queen of France, and cousin of Lady Jane, and that he would be made Lieutenant Governor of the North. Dudley had even reserved a number of	of	ADP	items	NOUN	 items
He first raided Richmond, defeating the defending militia, from January 5 – 7 before falling back to Portsmouth. Admiral Destouches, who arrived in Newport, Rhode Island in July 1780 with a fleet transporting 5,500 soldiers, was encouraged by Washington and French Lieutenant General Rochambeau	Rochambeau	PROPN	to	PART	 to
At one point, the Doctor, Amy, and Rory relax and eat fish fingers and custard, a reference to " The Eleventh Hour ". Amy and Rory's meal at the newly opened Savoy hotel is ruined by " a Zygon spaceship parked under the Savoy	Savoy	PROPN	"	PUNCT	 "
Nevertheless, their main complaint is that they don ’ t think the driver should be able to switch the sound off. Several anti noise and electric car advocates have opposed the introduction of artificial sounds as warning for pedestrians, as they argue that the proposed system will	will	AUX	only	ADV	 only
Tigers once ranged widely across Asia, from Turkey in the west to the eastern coast of Russia. Over the past 100 years, they have lost 93% of their historic range, and have been extirpated from southwest and central Asia, from the islands of Java	Java	PROPN	and	CCONJ	 and
During loading operations on July 15 the winch at No. 2 hold began making a hammering noise. A steady application of grease quietened it through the night until its main bearing could be replaced the next morning on July 16. On the afternoon of July 17,	,	PUNCT	a	DET	 a
In a 2005 poll of Radio Times readers, Staffa was named as the 8th greatest natural wonder in Britain. During the 20th century there were issues of bogus postage stamps bearing Staffa's name. In 1800 there were three red deer on the island, later replaced	replaced	VERB	by	ADP	 by
A development team was formed, which decided to create the game using Defender's hardware. Newcomer conceived Joust as a " flying game " with cooperative two player gameplay; however, he did not wish to emulate the popular space theme of previous successful flying games like	like	ADP	Asteroids	PROPN	 Asteroids
Flower includes PlayStation Network trophies in keeping with the game's feel. While some are objective based, many are centered on relaxing and watching the scenery. Flower was developed as a spiritual successor to Flow, a 2006 Flash game created by Jenova Chen and Nicholas Clark	Clark	PROPN	while	SCONJ	 while
The Engraving Copyright Act 1734 extended copyright to cover engravings, statutes in 1789 and 1792 involved cloth, sculptures were copyrighted in 1814 and the performance of plays and music were covered by copyright in 1833 and 1842 respectively. The length of copyright was also altered; the	the	DET	Copyright	PROPN	 Copyright
Everett in particular had to school John C. Calhoun on the diplomatic ramifications of pursuing claims after slaves mutinied aboard a ship plying the American coast and sailed it to the Bahamas. Everett rebuffed several offers for other diplomatic posts proferred by Webster, who was unhappy serving under	under	ADP	Tyler	PROPN	 Tyler
" The Late Great Johnny Ace " was interrupted when an audience member ran to the stage and shouted at Simon: " I need to talk to you! " The man was carried away by security, and Simon finished the song. The incident provoked associations to	to	ADP	the	DET	 the
Other materials that have been successfully dated include ivory, paper, textiles, individual seeds and grains, straw from within mud bricks, and charred food remains found in pottery. Particularly for older samples, it may be useful to enrich the amount of 14C in the	the	DET	sample	NOUN	 sample
The system comprises 48 sprinklers — twice the minimum FIFA recommendation. The stadium will have wi fi and 4 G LTE in all its sectors. Using smartphones, the public will be able to access game statistics and watch replays that will be published on a website maintained	maintained	VERB	by	ADP	 by
Additionally, both games include all previously released downloadable content, and feature improved graphics, upgraded models and environments, and improvements in the lighting, effects and shaders for both games. Originally intended for release in North America on July 26, 2016, and in Europe	Europe	PROPN	on	ADP	 on
It was ranked 127th by Sight & Sound in the 2012 edition of their prestigious decennial critics poll. Don't Look Now is also very well regarded by other industry professionals, placing in the top 100 on Sight & Sound's directors poll, run in tandem with	with	ADP	their	PRON	 their
Soichiro Honda was primarily the engineering and production leader of the company, always with an eye towards winning on the racetrack, while his close partner Fujisawa was the man of finance and business, heading up sales and formulating strategies intended to dominate markets and utterly destroy Honda	Honda	PROPN	Motor	PROPN	 Motor
The remaining town officially survived until 1929, when it was annexed to Oregon City. Gladstone was founded by Judge Harvey Cross in 1889, and formally incorporated on January 10, 1911. It was named after the British statesman William Ewart Gladstone. Judge Cross laid out	out	ADP	the	DET	 the
Khan advances Jasmine's career by rigging awards, and showers her with gifts; he becomes obsessed with her. He sends Aslam and another trustworthy aide, Jimmy, to kill Rawal. Jimmy fails, accidentally killing his girlfriend, Sonia, and flees. He is	is	AUX	soon	ADV	 soon
Moving over decreasing sea surface temperatures, Waka began to undergo an extratropical transition, which it completed on January 2. Tracking southeastward, the remnant cyclone briefly slowed over open waters before again accelerating. Over the following few days, the system gradually weakened, with sustained	sustained	ADJ	winds	NOUN	 winds
Aged 36, and just 40 days older than Dennis Taylor was when he won the title in 1985, O'Sullivan became the oldest world champion since 45 year old Ray Reardon in 1978. In the eighth frame of the final, O'Sullivan made a break of 141,	,	PUNCT	the	DET	 the
Twelve isotopes of lawrencium are known, with mass numbers 252 – 262 and 266; all are radioactive. Additionally, one nuclear isomer is known, with mass number 253. The longest lived lawrencium isotope, 266Lr, has a half life of 11 hours and is	is	AUX	one	NUM	 one
These despatches included a request from the comte de Grasse, commander of the West Indies fleet, for information on planned allied operations and the delivery of pilots familiar with the American coast. She also carried 6 million livres to support the war effort, and the new	new	ADJ	commander	NOUN	 commander
" Nobody Knows Me " was rehearsed with the Peter Rauhofer's Private Life remix. According to Dirk Timmerman, author of Madonna Live! Secret Re inventions and Confessions on Tour, Madonna lip synched the performance. During this section, the singer wore a jewel encrusted	encrusted	ADJ	corset	NOUN	 corset
Both Patrice Lumumba and Joseph Kasa Vubu eventually arrived, and the soldiers listened to Kasa Vubu " religiously. " After his speech, Kasa Vubu and the ministers present retired into the camp canteen to hear a delegation from the soldiers. Vanderstraeten says that, according to	to	ADP	Joseph	PROPN	 Joseph
Brigman is looking for a connection between the disappearances of thousands of individuals, and their reappearance years later without ever aging a day. That evening, A.C. meets Nadia and she convinces him to go swimming. In the water, Nadia reveals herself to not only be	be	AUX	a	DET	 a
" The district's success led to the proposed expansion in 2014. The district includes all the area of the original five districts, two National Historic Landmarks, nine properties listed on the National Register in their own right, and several other noteworthy contributing properties among its	its	PRON	679	NUM	 679
The relief around this sengkalan memet shows birds siphoning honey from flowery trees. The maintenance of Taman Sari was abandoned shortly after Hamengkubuwono I died, partly because the elaborate hydraulic works were so difficult to maintain. The gardens were neglected and the buildings suffered some damage during	during	ADP	the	DET	 the
Some of these other investigators, including Langley and Chanute, sought the elusive ideal of " inherent stability ", believing the pilot of a flying machine would not be able to react quickly enough to wind disturbances to use mechanical controls effectively. The Wright brothers, on	on	ADP	the	DET	 the
As it became exemplary of modern romantic comedies in mainstream culture, the film was also received well by critics. CNN reviewer Paul Clinton said, " Notting Hill stands alone as another funny and heartwarming story about love against all odds. " Reactions to Grant's Golden	Golden	PROPN	Globe	PROPN	 Globe
The mob, however, proceeded to search the church for them, and George was discovered by a Latin soldier named Karoulos (" Charles "). Mouzalon was dragged from under the altar and, despite pleading to ransom his life, was executed. So great	great	ADJ	was	AUX	 was
The coins were made from blanks, or planchets, that had been intended for mintage into 1924 Stone Mountain Memorial half dollars, but had not been used. The first coin struck was presented to President Coolidge. The half dollars were sold at the anniversary celebrations in	in	ADP	Lexington	PROPN	 Lexington
Ottawa Ont. 80.2002, p. 1649. (PDF, online) ISSN 0008 4301 P. Schuchert: Phylogenetic analysis of the Cnidaria. in: Zeitschrift für zoologische Systematik und Evolutionsforschung. Paray, Hamburg Berlin 31.1993, p. 161. ISSN 0044 3808 G. Kass Simon,	,	PUNCT	A.	NOUN	 A.
To better integrate the LRTA and MRTC networks, a unified ticketing system utilizing contactless smart cards, similar to the Octopus card in Hong Kong and the EZ Link card in Singapore, was made a goal of the SRTS. In a transitional move towards such a unified	unified	ADJ	ticketing	NOUN	 ticketing
Another possibility is Henry R. Reynolds, one of the judges overseeing the Fourth Ward Polls at Ryan's Tavern, who may have met Poe on Election Day. Poe may have instead been calling for " Herring ", as the author had an uncle in law in	in	ADP	Baltimore	PROPN	 Baltimore
Produced by DJ Clue of Desert Storm Records, the remix is a midtempo tune backed by " R & B savvy rhythms " over a slow groove. It features vocals from Joe and rapped verses by Columbia Records label mate Nas. The remix is included on Joe	Joe	PROPN	's	PART	's
The singer performed " FutureSex / LoveSound " in a medley with " Need You Tonight " (1987) by INXS and his single " LoveStoned / I Think She Knows " (2007). Recording and mixing Recorded at Thomas Crown Studios, Virginia Beach; mixed	mixed	VERB	at	ADP	 at
Teja (Kalabhavan Mani) is a high profile gangster in North Madras, who often imitates the behaviour characteristic of different animals for sarcastic effect. Accompanied by his gang, he arrives at a magistrate's court for a hearing. His animal antics are mocked at by	by	ADP	"	PUNCT	 "
Matthew Shipp commented on the free elements in the playing, describing the album as " one of the greatest examples of piano playing I've ever heard ". John Medeski remarked on the forceful, contrapuntal interaction, facilitated by space. In 1999, the band Rhythm	Rhythm	PROPN	and	CCONJ	 and
He therefore planned to kill James by blowing up the House of Lords with gunpowder, and then inciting a popular revolt during which a Catholic monarch would be restored to the throne. Catesby had enlisted the aid of other Catholics, but had borne much of the scheme	scheme	NOUN	's	PART	's
The difference in opinion led to a very public feud, as Carey began posting messages on her webpage in early and mid 2000, telling fans inside information on the dispute, as well as instructing them to request " Can't Take That Away (Mariah's Theme	Theme	NOUN	)	PUNCT	)
For that portion of the week that Littleton was in Toledo, he stayed at the apartment of artist Hal Lotterman. There, at one of Lotterman's Wednesday night poker games, Littleton met Dominick Labino, who would be important to the success of Littleton's first	first	ADJ	glass	NOUN	 glass
The naupliar eye is a characteristic of the nauplius larva and consists of four cup shaped ocelli facing in different directions and able to distinguish between light and darkness. Malacostracans live in a wide range of marine and freshwater habitats, and three orders have terrestrial members: Amphipoda	Amphipoda	PROPN	(	PUNCT	 (
For the tip off, he sent his shortest player, Tommy Kearns, in order to rattle Chamberlain, and the Tar Heels spent the rest of the night triple teaming him, one defender in front, one behind, and a third arriving as soon as he	he	PRON	got	VERB	 got
Some leading figures from the critical countries, such as Zhou Xiaochuan, governor of the People's Bank of China, have said the QE2 is understandable given the challenges facing the United States. Wang Jun, the Chinese Vice Finance Minister suggested QE2 could " help the	the	DET	revival	NOUN	 revival
In such situations, the normal remedy is to grant an injunction limiting the time of the activity. Another exception was found in British Celanese v AH Hunt Ltd, where an electronics company stored foil strips on their property which blew onto adjoining land, causing the power	power	NOUN	supply	NOUN	 supply
In 1967, after five films, Sean Connery retired from the role of James Bond and — during the filming of You Only Live Twice — was not on speaking terms with Albert Broccoli. The confirmed front runners were Englishman John Richardson, Dutchman Hans De Vries,	,	PUNCT	American	PROPN	 American
Anna Johns of AOL's TV Squad declared " Fireworks " as " one of the best episodes so far this season " citing that " the writers juggled a handful of storylines very, very well ". She wrote that the best part of the episodes were "	"	PUNCT	the	DET	 the
Following the outbreak of war between Japan and China in July 1937 the Japanese government at first attempting to contain the fighting and sought a negotiated settlement to the war. However, after victory in the Battle of Shanghai expansionists prevailed within the Japanese military and on December 1	1	NUM	a	DET	 a
The Russian official estimates are 2,300 – 3,000 killed and wounded on the first day, and 7,460 on the second day of the battle. Both numbers are considered " ridiculously low " by later historians. Tomasz Strzeżek in his 1998 monograph of the battle notes that the	the	DET	official	ADJ	 official
The remainder of the ground floor was occupied by cellars, with family rooms and bedrooms on the upper floors. The first floor dining room was paved with patterned floor tiles, and may once have had a painted timber ceiling. The castle is set within extensive gardens	gardens	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
The society relaunched the following year as " Liverpool Society for the Promotion of Women's Trade Unions ", expanding its membership to other trades in reaction to Liverpool City Council's inaction over sweating systems in the area. Mole helped set up specific unions, such as	as	ADP	one	NUM	 one
They suggested that Thomas Lovell should undertake the work, which he did, at a cost of £12,000, for which he received 15,000 acres (6,100 ha) of the land which was reclaimed as a result of the work. Unrest in the early 1600s resulted	resulted	VERB	in	ADP	 in
He also is parsimonious in his praise for Aldhelm, a West Saxon who had done much to convert the native Britons to the Roman form of Christianity. He lists seven kings of the Anglo Saxons whom he regards as having held imperium, or overlordship; only one	one	NUM	king	NOUN	 king
In response, Parkview claimed to have given a legally binding undertaking to the council to provide certainty that the chimneys will be replaced " like for like ", in accordance with the requirements of English Heritage and the planning authorities. On 30 November 2006, it was	was	AUX	announced	VERB	 announced
Despite a small range, it is classified as " Least Concern " because it lacks obvious threats and much of its range is within protected areas. Voalavo gymnocaudus is a small, mouse like rodent with soft, gray fur which is only slightly darker above than below	below	ADV	.	PUNCT	.
Supporting her third studio album Artpop (2013), the tour ran from May 4, 2014 to November 24, 2014. The tour dates included cities where Gaga had canceled shows of her previous Born This Way Ball tour after suffering a hip injury. The ArtRave	ArtRave	PROPN	tour	NOUN	 tour
Team manager Boyer defended Moncoutié, saying Hushovd was likely to surpass Roy and win any sprint at the end of the stage no matter what, and by working with him Moncoutié assured himself second place rather than falling to third. Taaramäe took over the white jersey for	for	ADP	best	ADJ	 best
Westbound NY 31 in the area, however, follows one block of Woodbury Boulevard and two blocks of South Clinton Avenue to reach East Broad Street. At the Inner Loop, Chestnut Street becomes Monroe Avenue, the name NY 31 retains to Pittsford. Over this stretch	stretch	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
When Eddy first met Quimby in Portland in October 1862, she had to be helped up the stairs to his consulting rooms. She spoke highly of him the following month in a letter to the Portland Evening Courier: " This truth which he opposes to the error	error	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
In addition, the Japanese have questioned the U.S. commitment to safe operations of its military assets in light of several accidents, including aircraft crashes and other ship collisions that have injured or killed Japanese citizens. Acting on a request from the Japanese government, the state of	of	ADP	Hawaii	PROPN	 Hawaii
The ericoid mycorrhizal fungi associated with Calluna, Erica and Vaccinium can grow in metalliferous soils containing copper. The ectomycorrhizal fungus Suillus luteus protects young pine trees from copper toxicity. A sample of the fungus Aspergillus niger was found growing from gold mining solution and was found to	to	PART	contain	VERB	 contain
The Avalanches felt their early music could not compare to that sound and desired a recording with less bass that was influenced by 1960s music such as The Beach Boys and Phil Spector. As Since I Left You was being recorded, The Avalanches had trouble choosing songs to	to	PART	be	AUX	 be
After unsuccessfully attempting to resolve disputes with Eddie Livingstone, owner of the Toronto Blueshirts, executives of the three other NHA franchises suspended the NHA, and formed the National Hockey League (NHL), replacing the Livingstone team with a temporary team in Toronto, the Arenas	Arenas	PROPN	.	PUNCT	.
Parseghian called the close win against Hayes and Ohio State " one of Northwestern's greatest victories ". The following week's Notre Dame game drew a 55,752 people, which remained the largest crowd ever to see a home game at Northwestern as of 2005. Despite those	those	DET	wins	NOUN	 wins
With the British defences slow to respond to the German attack, 602's Pinkerton and McKellar only managed to engage Pohle's aircraft after he had attacked and inflicted damage on HMS Southampton. Pohle was observing the bombing runs of his other aircraft, whilst circling north of	of	ADP	the	DET	 the
Cavallo resigned at midnight the same day, and the rest of the cabinet followed suit. There was increased looting on December 20, both in Buenos Aires and the Conurbano. The cacerolazos continued; large groups of people started demonstrations calling for the government's resignation.	.	PUNCT	The	DET	 The
Pankhurst absorbed an appreciation of drama and theatrics from her father, which she used later in social activism. The Gouldens included their children in social activism. As part of the movement to end slavery in the US, Goulden welcomed American abolitionist Henry Ward Beecher when he	he	PRON	visited	VERB	 visited
The compromise version was passed by the Senate on February 24, 1982 by voice vote, and by the House on March 22. However, President Ronald Reagan vetoed the bill, opining that the state should pay more of the cost and that the Pequots may not	not	PART	meet	VERB	 meet
Three roads with residential housing, Manor Way, Windmill Way and Park Way were completed before the outbreak of the First World War when all construction work was halted. It was not resumed until 1919, though the plan was substantially scaled back as work slowed throughout the	the	DET	next	ADJ	 next
" – Nominated AFI's 10 Top 10 – Nominated Gangster Film Reservoir Dogs ranks at No. 97 in Empire magazine's list of the 500 Greatest Films of All Time. In the United Kingdom, the release of VHS rental video was delayed until 1995 due to	to	ADP	the	DET	 the
Several players were charged and fined accordingly by the FA and Wenger apologised for his team's overreaction. The team restored their image with an entertaining performance against Newcastle; Henry Winter in his match report wrote: " [Henry's opening goal] encapsulated all that is	is	AUX	good	ADJ	 good
It has an average adult weight between 247 and 1,000 kg (545 – 2,205 lb). The species is native to tropical and temperate waters around the globe. It resembles a fish head with a tail, and its main body is flattened laterally. Sunfish can	can	AUX	be	AUX	 be
In 1905 Lansbury was appointed to a Royal Commission on the Poor Laws, which deliberated for four years. Lansbury, together with Beatrice Webb of the Fabian Society, argued for the complete abolition of the Poor Laws and their replacement by a system that incorporated old age	age	NOUN	pensions	NOUN	 pensions
" The List " was the highest rated episode of the season. Despite this, it became the lowest season premiere of the series since the series premiere. The rest of the season was unable to receive more than seven million viewers. The twenty second episode,	,	PUNCT	"	PUNCT	 "
The culminating play of the drive was a 45 yard pass from Taylor to Coale for the touchdown, which extended Tech's lead to 11 points, 28 – 17, at the 11: 24 mark of the quarter. After the kickoff, Florida State went three	three	NUM	and	CCONJ	 and
Leaving the car with two parking attendants, who promptly joyride it unknowingly to them, the trio visit the Art Institute of Chicago, Sears Tower, Chicago Mercantile Exchange, and Wrigley Field. They then go to a French restaurant for lunch where Ferris poses as the	the	DET	"	PUNCT	 "
Building the World Trade Center involved excavating 1,200,000 cubic yards (920,000 m3) of material. Rather than transporting this material at great costs out to sea or to landfills in New Jersey, the fill material was used to expand the Manhattan shoreline across West Street. Work	Work	NOUN	to	PART	 to
The white eggs of Brazza's martin measure 18.5 mm × 112.5 mm (0.73 in × 4.43 in) and weigh 1.5 g (0.053 oz). The incubation and fledging times are unknown for both species, although as with all hirundines the chicks are altricial,	,	PUNCT	hatching	VERB	 hatching
Matthew Paris wrote that Richard stated: " You might as well say, ' I make you a present of the moon — step up to the sky and take it down '. " Instead, Henry purchased the kingdom for his son Edmund, which angered many	many	ADJ	powerful	ADJ	 powerful
Valentine has published a comprehensive descriptive grammar, a volume of texts including detailed analysis, as well as a survey of Ojibwe dialects that includes extensive description and analysis of Ottawa dialect features. Ottawa is known to its speakers as Nishnaabemwin " speaking the native language " (	(	PUNCT	from	ADP	from
" In a July 8, 2004 article for Rolling Stone magazine, music journalist Robert Christgau praised the impact and influence that the Modern Sounds recordings had on music, stating " In the world it created, not only could a black person sing the American songbook Ella	Ella	PROPN	Fitzgerald	PROPN	 Fitzgerald
In 1851 the archaeologist Charles Robert Cockerell published his analysis of the iconography, numbering the nine sculptural divisions from the lowest to the highest. He defined the theme as " a calendar for unlearned men " illustrating the doctrines and history of the Christian faith, its introduction	introduction	NOUN	to	ADP	 to
A Royal Commission established in 1842 to investigate the problem concluded that London's burial grounds had become so overcrowded that it was impossible to dig a new grave without cutting through an existing one. In 1848 – 49 a cholera epidemic killed 14,601 people in London and overwhelmed	overwhelmed	VERB	the	DET	 the
Assigned the serial number 1440, the XSO2U 1 flew for the first time, as a landplane, in July 1939; its first flight as a seaplane took place that December. Flight testing of the SO2U showed that the aircraft lacked directional stability; the addition of	of	ADP	a	DET	 a
This third element is set several years after the events of the third serial, Quatermass and the Pit (1958 – 59), and shortly before those of the fourth and final serial, Quatermass (1979). Continuity is maintained with the 1979 serial by presenting	presenting	VERB	Quatermass	PROPN	 Quatermass
In Egypt, despite the 2007 ban, women wanting FGM for their daughters discuss the need for amalyet tajmeel (cosmetic surgery) to remove what is viewed as excess genital tissue for a more acceptable appearance. The WHO does not cite procedures such as labiaplasty and clitoral	clitoral	ADJ	hood	NOUN	 hood
The Malayalam dubbed version Raksha released on 13 April 2012 though it was planned for a simultaneous release with Ragalai. Racha's Television broadcasting rights were sold to Gemini TV. Both the Indian and overseas DVDs and Blu rays of the Telugu version were marketed by Aditya Videos	Videos	PROPN	.	PUNCT	.
Past the I 78 crossing, US 1 / 9 continues north, with the lanes splitting as it passes over the Conrail Shared Assets Operations Oak Island Yard before coming to a northbound exit and southbound entrance with Delancey Street and South Street. The freeway continues through industrial	industrial	ADJ	areas	NOUN	 areas
Eliminated from the tournament, Well and Dunn competed individually in the Royal Rumble match, a battle royal. Well was eliminated by Davey Boy Smith, and Dunn was eliminated by Aldo Montoya. After The Smoking Gunns regained the championship, Well Dunn challenged for the belts	belts	NOUN	in	ADP	 in
" While on its erratic path off the northern Gulf Coast, Juan killed 12 people, nine of whom offshore due to overturned oil rigs or boats. The hurricane directly caused about $1.5 billion in damage, making it the fourth costliest United States hurricane at the	the	DET	time	NOUN	 time
They copied the main armament layout of Inflexible with their turrets arranged en echelon so that both turrets could directly ahead and to each side, although this was more theoretical than practical due to damage from muzzle blast. Each turret mounted a pair of rifled muzzle loading RML	RML	PROPN	12.5	NUM	 12.5
After a three and out by Michigan, UMass blocked Michigan's punt and drove for its third fourth quarter touchdown aided by a pass interference penalty against Michigan's James Rogers. With 2: 05 left to play, and Michigan leading 42 – 37, UMass attempted	attempted	VERB	an	DET	 an
The PADI tables known as the PADI Recreational Dive Planner (RDP) were developed by Raymond Rogers and tested by DSAT (Diving Science And Technology, an affiliate of PADI Inc.). The M values were derived from Spencer's no stop limits and the repetitive group	group	NOUN	designators	NOUN	 designators
He wanted to know if they were ready to accept this extreme humiliation. Mainly the ministers were prepared to play this grotesque role — and they remained loyal to Trujillo even after his death. " Trujillo's sexual conquests and public humiliations of his enemies also serve to	to	PART	affirm	VERB	 affirm
Nonetheless, Rabin gave " The Ones " a B-. David Bauder of the Guelph Mercury, however, was complimentary towards Hayek's guest appearances throughout season 3, noting, that they are " the best this absurdist comedy has to offer. Hayek throws herself into	into	ADP	her	PRON	 her
Contador. then attacked alone and, after cooperation with Ryder Hesjedal, gained more than a minute on his rivals. Landa was second, over five minutes behind, with Aru a further 50 seconds back. Stage 19 was the first of two consecutive summit finishes.	.	PUNCT	The	DET	 The
" The Seattle branch of the Federal Reserve Bank of San Francisco was opened in 1917 and spent its first three decades in leased space at the Baillargeon Building in downtown Seattle. Plans for a permanent building for the Federal Reserve were drawn up in 1948 and approved for	for	ADP	construction	NOUN	 construction
With the desegregation of the U.S. military in 1948, segregated Asian American units ceased to exist, and Asian Americans served in integrated armed forces. Asian American combatants in the Korean and Vietnam conflicts were awarded the Medal of Honor, and Asian Americans have continued to serve	serve	VERB	into	ADP	 into
[The defendant argues] that the mere extinguishment of the Indian title did not subject the land to appropriation, until an act of the legislature authorized or permitted it. Whatever doubts this court might entertain on this subject, were they now construing these laws upon the	the	DET	first	ADJ	 first
He married Daisy Ethel Potter, a typist, at St Andrew's Anglican Church, Strathfield, on 31 October; The Bathurst Times reported that Daisy cut the cake with her husband's Sword of Honour. Pollard departed for India on attachment to the British Army in	in	ADP	September	PROPN	 September
Weber's explanations are highly specific to the historical periods he analysed. Others though disagree, pointing out that despite the fact that Weber did write in the early twentieth century, his ideas remain alive and relevant for understanding issues like politics, bureaucracy, and social stratification	stratification	NOUN	today	NOUN	 today
After the match ended without a decisive winner, the promoters stepped in, turned up the arena lights, and played the National Anthem to stop a potential riot. This was a common tactic used at the time by the New York promoters to prevent riots and help	help	VERB	the	DET	 the
Damage was estimated at ₱ 2.23 billion (US $39.3 million). Precipitation peaked at 228 mm (9.0 in) in Daet, Camarines Norte, observed over a 24 hour period. Even prior to the Philippine landfall of Nanmadol, ongoing relief operations were hampered	hampered	VERB	by	ADP	 by
Coleman liked the recordings and sent Epstein to Martin, the A & R manager of Parlophone. On the next day, 9 May 1962, Epstein met Martin at EMI's Abbey Road Studios. Supposedly, Martin had no intention of signing The Beatles after listening to	to	ADP	the	DET	 the
In Time Out London David Jenkins gave the film one star out of six, writing that it lacked depth on the issues of linguistics, media, and censorship. A critical review by Noah Sanders of The Stranger concluded that the film was watchable and amusing, but	but	CCONJ	poorly	ADV	 poorly
One troop, twenty men, encountered a force of sixty Turkish cavalry and charged them, armed only with rifles and bayonets. The troop killed twenty cavalrymen and captured seven, in exchange for the death of one man, the troop leader who had ordered the charge	charge	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
While the North Korean leaders enthusiastically welcomed the plan, it soon foundered on Hanoi ’ s opposition. Having realized that such a front would exclude the Soviet Union and implicitly challenge the hegemonic role that the DRV had arrogated to itself in Indochina, the North Vietnamese leaders	leaders	NOUN	declared	VERB	 declared
The next year, Michael kills the hermit and returns to Haddonfield to find Jamie (Harris) again, chasing her through his childhood home in a trap set up by Loomis (Pleasence). Michael is eventually captured and taken to the local police station, but	but	CCONJ	an	DET	 an
The ticket is good for 8 rides. The multi ride card provides a discount of about 21% off the full fare of a reserved Standard Seat. Non registered and registered multi ride tickets can be purchased at the ticket windows of all THSRC stations. Upon first	first	ADJ	purchase	NOUN	 purchase
The Melvilles then returned to New York City, where Herman eventually found work as a customs inspector. Melville continued to visit Arrowhead occasionally during his brother's ownership of the property. Members of the Melville family owned the house until 1927. It remained in private hands	hands	NOUN	until	ADP	 until
The episode originally aired on May 21, 2002; Alfred Gough and Miles Millar wrote the script, and Greg Beeman directed. In the episode's narrative, Lex attempts to forge his own destiny away from LuthorCorp; Whitney leaves Smallville for the Marines; Roger Nixon	Nixon	PROPN	discovers	VERB	 discovers
The most substantial impact was felt in Carnarvon where entire homes were washed away. Following the disaster, emergency supplies and funds were distributed to affected residents to aid them in restoring their livelihoods. Though no people died in the event, an estimated two thousand head of	of	ADP	cattle	NOUN	 cattle
In addition, February was relatively quiet despite being the climatological peak. Majority of the storms developed in the northeast portion of the basin, and the storms took a variety of tracks during their durations. In the middle of October, the intertropical convergence zone (ITCZ	ITCZ	PROPN	)	PUNCT	)
It frequents sandy or muddy flats, preferring water with a salinity of 25 – 43 ppt and a temperature of 12 – 33° C (54 – 91° F). Adult bluntnose stingrays are seldom found in seagrass meadows or shoals, though the latter serves	serves	VERB	as	ADP	 as
The normal fuel oil capacity was 5,280 metric tons (5,197 long tons), giving an estimated endurance of 6,300 nautical miles (11,700 km; 7,200 mi) at 14.5 knots (26.9 km / h; 16.7 mph) and 1,890 nautical miles (3,500 km;	;	PUNCT	2,170	NUM	 2,170
The depression tracked westward at 15 to 20 mph (32 km / h) but weakened rapidly. The next day it was downgraded to a tropical wave while still in the far eastern Atlantic, and never reformed in the Atlantic. Aside from a brief threat to	to	ADP	the	DET	 the
He concluded that the team had " all the elements to create something special " The video opens with a three second film countdown and proceeds with shots of several empty rooms and televisions in a big mansion. Most of the scenes were shot at the Villa de Leon	Leon	PROPN	.	PUNCT	.
" Jonathan Lewis from AllMusic gave the album four and a half out of five stars, concluding that it was " A fine collection of songs that, given the diversity of artists featured, is surprisingly cohesive as an album. " " The Way of All Things	Things	NOUN	"	PUNCT	 "
Kagame was declared the winner of the election, according to results released by the National Electoral Commission on 11 August. Kagame received 93.08% of the vote, with second placed Ntawukuriryayo polling 5.15%. The turnout was 97.51% of registered voters. Opposition and human	human	ADJ	rights	NOUN	 rights
Advice is given on choosing the best supplies in the market. For instance: Fowls. — If a cock is young, his spurs will be short; but take care to see they have not been cut or pared, which is a trick often practised.	.	PUNCT	If	SCONJ	 If
" Diwali " first aired on November 2, 2006 in the United States on NBC during November sweeps week. According to Nielsen Media Research, an estimated 8.8 million viewers watched the episode, and it earned a 4.2 / 10 ratings share among adults aged 18 to	to	ADP	49	NUM	 49
The next day, a special envoy from Charles II, Lord Arlington, met with William in Nieuwerbrug and presented a proposal from Charles. In return for William's capitulation to England and France, Charles would make William Sovereign Prince of Holland, instead of stadtholder (	(	PUNCT	a	DET	a
The season's activity was reflected with an accumulated cyclone energy (ACE) rating of 45. ACE is, broadly speaking, a measure of the power of the hurricane multiplied by the length of time it existed, so storms that last a long time, as	as	ADV	well	ADV	 well
The bonus features included on both the DVD and Blu ray Disc are " Fantasy Comes to Life ", a three part behind the scenes feature including " Happy Working Song ", " That's How You Know " and " A Blast at the Ball ";	;	PUNCT	six	NUM	 six
After making landfall, the storm weakened, leaving it just between tropical storm and tropical depression status. Because of the weakening, and the strong southerly flow from nearby Hurricane Wilma, it was hard to determine whether a low level circulation was present. However, satellite	satellite	NOUN	imagery	NOUN	 imagery
The Wilmington and Great Valley Turnpike Company was chartered on January 23, 1811 to build a turnpike running north from Wilmington along the Concord road, continuing to West Chester and Great Valley in Pennsylvania. Construction on the turnpike progressed throughout the 1810s. The Wilmington and Great	Great	PROPN	Valley	PROPN	 Valley
Seven days later, Fusō rescued 353 survivors from Mutsu when that ship exploded at Hashirajima. Between 18 and 24 July 1943, the ship was at the Kure drydock for fitting of radar and additional 25 mm AA guns. Fusō sailed from the Inland Sea on 18	18	NUM	August	PROPN	 August
" DeRogatis contended that while Mellon Collie and the Infinite Sadness " may even match The Wall in its sonic accomplishments ", Corgan's lyrics lacked in comparison. Mojo reviewer Ben Edmunds also praised the music while criticizing Corgan's lyrics. Edmunds wrote, " [Corgan	Corgan	PROPN	's	PART	's
On September 23, 1955 the State Council named Peng one of the ten marshals of the PLA, China's highest military rank. (Before 1955, Chinese soldiers were assigned " functions " instead of ranks, such as " company commander ", or " division	division	NOUN	commander	NOUN	 commander
It is Waugh's penultimate full length work of fiction, which the author called his " mad book " — a largely autobiographical account of a period of mental illness that he experienced in the early months of 1954, recounted through his protagonist Gilbert Pinfold. Waugh's	's	PART	health	NOUN	 health
As a consequence, despite its distance from London, Waddesdon Road station became part of the London Underground network. By this time the Brill Tramway was losing significant sums of money. Goods traffic had dwindled, and unlike other areas served by the former Metropolitan Railway there	there	ADV	had	AUX	 had
In 1964, Lee recalled her hopes for the book when she said, " I never expected any sort of success with ' Mockingbird. '... I was hoping for a quick and merciful death at the hands of the reviewers but, at the same time,	,	PUNCT	I	PRON	 I
The Disney owned publisher Hyperion paid $6.7 million for the rights to publish a book about Pausch called The Last Lecture, co authored by Pausch and Wall Street Journal reporter Jeffrey Zaslow. The Last Lecture explained Pausch's speech, and the events that led up to	to	ADP	it	PRON	 it
Although the developers were explicitly responding to the criticism, they saw the changes and additions as making the sequel in line with what players had hoped Final Fantasy XIII would be, rather than backing away from the changes that game had brought to the series. For the	the	DET	structure	NOUN	 structure
Due to his poor eyesight, Larkin failed his military medical examination and was able to study for the usual three years. Through his tutorial partner, Norman Iles, he met Kingsley Amis, who encouraged his taste for ridicule and irreverence and who remained a close friend	friend	NOUN	throughout	ADP	 throughout
If the player killed some but not all monsters, the human arrives at Asgore's castle and learns that they also need a monster's soul to cross the barrier, forcing them to fight Asgore. Sans stops the human before their confrontation, revealing that the human	human	NOUN	's	PART	's
Trampling can be of benefit because it breaks up accumulated dead organic matter. The small and isolated nature of the site makes it susceptible to damage from the surrounding area. For example, herbicides, thought to be generally damaging for the species richness, could get onto	onto	ADP	the	DET	 the
Jarrell produced artworks inspired by theories learned in school and scenes of everyday life in black Chicago. With an interest in horse racing, jazz clubs and bars, he often took a sketchpad on his explorations, eventually creating paintings like Neon Row (1958), a	a	DET	street	NOUN	 street
However, these taxes were almost entirely directed at the major landowners and city elites, rather than the commoners or peasants. ' As defended al Shallash as a skilled commander, criticized al Bakri's leadership and accused him of holding " secret hatreds and ambitions ".	.	PUNCT	Nonetheless	ADV	 Nonetheless
A sequel to the 2005 film Fantastic Four, the film is directed by Tim Story. Ioan Gruffudd as Reed Richards, Jessica Alba as Sue Storm, Chris Evans as Johnny Storm, and Michael Chiklis as Ben Grimm are the film series ' recurring protagonists, while	while	SCONJ	Julian	PROPN	 Julian
The Mk 1 was used for development and flight testing. Five were completed. The Mk 2 version was to be fitted with the Orenda PS 13 Iroquois engines and would be evaluated by RCAF acceptance pilots as well as Avro test pilots. The new PS 13S engines	engines	NOUN	were	AUX	 were
Slagel was acting as executive producer. Metoyer is Christian and the lyrics from Show No Mercy did not bother him. However, the first words Araya sang when recording Haunting the Chapel were " The holy cross, symbol of lies, intimidates the lives of Christian born	born	VERB	"	PUNCT	 "
The final significant group of reinforcements to join was the 8,000 man strong IX Corps from the Department of the Ohio, led by Maj. Gen. John G. Parke, arriving on June 14. With the arrival of Parke, Grant had 77,000 men around Vicksburg. In	In	ADP	an	DET	 an
With an army of eighty thousand soldiers, he also besieged the city of Jalalabad in present day Afghanistan. He signed peace treaties with Ajit Singh of Jodhpur and Man Singh of Amber before fighting him. He also ordered the Nawab of Awadh Asaf ud Daula, provincial	provincial	ADJ	governor	NOUN	 governor
In spite of this, Chambers remained some distance behind his North American counterparts. In his first major outing on the world stage, Chambers attained a new personal best at the 1999 World Championships in Seville, registering a time of 9.97 s for third place in the	the	DET	100	NUM	 100
The Shiva half has a flat masculine chest, a straight vertical chest, broader shoulder, wider waist and muscular thigh. He wears a yagnopavita (sacred thread) across the chest, which is sometimes represented as a naga yagnopavita (a snake worn as a yagnopavita	yagnopavita	NOUN	)	PUNCT	)
His " allround display of incredible nerve and tenacity " helped to secure the trophy for England. In 2010 he led the England team to their first ICC trophy, the 2010 World Twenty20. He is England's most capped ODI cricketer and was, until passed by	by	ADP	Ian	PROPN	 Ian
These are Baptism, Confirmation, the Eucharist, Penance, Anointing of the Sick (formerly called Extreme Unction, one of the " Last Rites "), Holy Orders and Holy Matrimony. Sacraments are visible rituals that Catholics see as signs of God's presence and	and	CCONJ	effective	ADJ	 effective
Willkie kept the public pressure on: like most corporate executives, he had not spoken out against Roosevelt's New Deal policies, but in January stated in a radio debate that anti utility policies were depressing share prices, making it hard to attract investment that would help	help	VERB	America	PROPN	 America
Opened in 1931, the memorial is located on the corner of North Terrace and Kintore Avenue, on the edge of the central business district and adjacent to the grounds of Government House. Memorial services are held at the site throughout the year, with major services on	on	ADP	both	DET	 both
But late that night Malcolm X telephoned. ' I'm sorry. You're right. I was upset about something. Forget what I wanted changed, let what you already had stand. ' I never again gave him chapters to review unless I was with him	him	PRON	.	PUNCT	.
From this new style of heavy metal, they grew others even more aggressive styles but always influenced by punk rock, like Speed metal (much influenced by punk rock and NWOBHM), Thrash metal (influenced by hardcore punk and speed metal), Death metal (	(	PUNCT	which	PRON	which
The resulting weight of people caused a retaining wall to collapse, killing 39 people and injuring hundreds more. Despite calls for an abandonment, the match was played, as it was felt that further trouble would be caused otherwise. Juventus won the match 1 – 0	0	NUM	;	PUNCT	;
Dalglish was replaced as manager early in the following season by Ruud Gullit. The club once again finished thirteenth in the league and lost the 1999 FA Cup Final. Gullit fell into disagreements with the squad and chairman Freddy Shepherd, and quit the club four games into	into	ADP	the	DET	 the
Writer and executive producer Howard Gordon was originally working on an episode about someone who appeared to be immortal, but after discussions with consulting producer Ken Horton he added in the notion of xenophobia and " melanin sucking albino vampires ". Series creator Chris Carter approved the storyline	storyline	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
For both groups, republicans and military, it had become a case of " now or never ". Although there was no desire in Brazil among the majority of the population to change the form of government, republicans began pressuring the rebellious faction to overthrow the monarchy	monarchy	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
Ford bulked up to 260 pounds and quickly became a fixture of Cleveland's defense alongside linebacker Bill Willis and defensive back Warren Lahr. He was one of five black players for Cleveland – the others were Willis, punter Horace Gillom and fullbacks Emerson Cole and Marion Motley	Motley	PROPN	–	PUNCT	 –
, believed, had calmed Saldívar and was the reason she did not kill Selena in the parking lot. The next day, Saldívar returned the gun to the shop saying her father had given her a.22 caliber pistol. On March 26, Saldívar stole a perfume sample	sample	NOUN	and	CCONJ	 and
It entered at number nine on the Billboard Hot 100 extension, the Bubbling Under Hot 100 Singles chart, and at number ninety two in its only week on the discontinued Pop 100 chart. The following week, the song fell to number twenty five in its second	second	ADJ	and	CCONJ	 and
These are however long term aspirations, and whilst progress is being made in engine development, the more immediate efforts of Sustainable Aviation to address climate change are directed towards supporting research, common reporting of emissions, emissions trading, and personal offsetting. Critics of an expansionist	expansionist	ADJ	policy	NOUN	 policy
Depending on the player's choices in the second game, Tali may either be an Admiral or merely an advisor on how to defeat the geth. Eventually, the player must choose between saving the geth or the quarians, or, if certain conditions are fulfilled,	,	PUNCT	negotiating	VERB	 negotiating
The Hunter T.7a is based at North Weald Airfield in the UK. Hunter Flying Ltd. (now Horizon Aircraft Services Ltd.) Based at MOD St Athan in Wales, Hunter Flying Ltd maintain over 15 privately owned examples of the Hunter. Lortie Aviation A Canadian company (	(	PUNCT	formerly	ADV	formerly
He finished the campaign by scoring the opening goal in a 1 – 1 draw with Monaco. Despite the positive individual season from Chamakh, Bordeaux finished the campaign in 15th place; its worst finish since ending the league campaign in 16th over a decade before. Pavon	Pavon	ADJ	,	PUNCT	,
After implementing the Emancipation Proclamation, which did not apply to every state, Lincoln increased pressure on Congress to outlaw slavery throughout the entire nation with a constitutional amendment. Lincoln declared that such an amendment would " clinch the whole matter ". By December 1863, a	a	DET	proposed	VERB	 proposed
This is a fundamental concept studied in the field of developmental psychology, the subfield of psychology that addresses the development of infants ' and children's social and mental capacities. There is not yet scientific consensus on when the understanding of object permanence emerges in human development.	.	PUNCT	Jean	PROPN	 Jean
Goldhagen examines the Roman Catholic Church ’ s role in the Holocaust, and offers a review of scholarship in English addressing what he argues is antisemitism throughout the history of the Church, which he claims contributed substantially to the persecution of the Jews during World War II.	.	PUNCT	Goldhagen	PROPN	 Goldhagen
After the defeat of the Aztecs, the Spanish forbade traditional religious practices and rituals that they considered " pagan idolatry ", including ceremonial mushroom use. For the next four centuries, the Indians of Mesoamerica hid their use of entheogens from the Spanish authorities. Although dozens	dozens	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
" After some discussion and delays due to bad weather, Gardiner and a company of his men agreed to accompany the Massachusetts force to raid the Pequot harvest stores. When they arrived at the Pequot village near the mouth of the Thames River, they returned the friendly	friendly	ADJ	greetings	NOUN	 greetings
The Galileo mission was twice extended, in 1997 and 2000. During these extended missions, the probe flew by Io three times in late 1999 and early 2000 and three times in late 2001 and early 2002. Observations during these encounters revealed the geologic processes occurring at	at	ADP	Io	PROPN	 Io
The research suggests that these magpies followed a very similar pattern as human infants while they were developing. One of the areas of focus on object permanence has been how physical disabilities (blindness, cerebral palsy and deafness) and intellectual disabilities (Down syndrome, etc.	.	X	)	PUNCT	)
In July 2010, Rockstar North posted seven job advertisements related to a new title. The company wanted to recruit environment artists, physics programmers and character animators — the latter advertisement asked for recruits with " professional experience developing a third person action game ". Some journalists	journalists	NOUN	wrote	VERB	 wrote
" On 1 November, elements went over to the offensive, reducing an enemy pocket east of Maizières lès Metz. On the 8 November, these units crossed the Moselle River and advanced to Bertrange. Against heavy resistance, the 95th captured the forts surrounding Metz and	and	CCONJ	captured	VERB	 captured
An acquaintance of Bell's, Belfast organist Eric Wrixon (29 June 1947 – 13 July 2015), also a former member of Them, had also moved to Dublin and joined the showband circuit, but had similar plans to progress towards rock music. In December	December	PROPN	1969	NUM	 1969
We'll build the success at Glenbrook North. " His father said: " I get chills thinking about it. That wasn't my vision. It wasn't Laury's. It wasn't his coaches '. That was Jon's vision, and it never	never	ADV	occurred	VERB	 occurred
The drinks wobbling as the townspeople approach Kim Basinger and Alec Baldwin's house is a reference to the film Jurassic Park (1993). Posters for 9 ½ Weeks (1986) and L.A. Confidential (1997), both starring Basinger, are seen in Homer's	's	PART	museum	NOUN	 museum
Less than two weeks later, on 2 December, Admiral Hipper submitted his request to be placed on the inactive list. He retired on 13 December with a full pension; at the age of 55, Hipper spent almost 37 years on active duty in the Imperial	Imperial	PROPN	Navy	PROPN	 Navy
On 31 December 1660, following his brother's restoration, James was created Duke of Albany in Scotland, to go along with his English title, Duke of York. Upon his return to England, James prompted an immediate controversy by announcing his engagement to Anne Hyde	Hyde	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
While engaged in this operation, Whittle was wounded on 19 March and admitted to a field hospital suffering shrapnel wounds to his right hand. Recovering from the wound, he returned to the 12th Battalion in April. Later that month, Whittle was charged with conduct to	to	ADP	the	DET	 the
A rail line branches off in three directions: northward to Fort St. John, east to Dawson Creek, and west through the Rockies to Prince George. Its economy is dominated by the primary industries of forestry, fossil fuel extraction, and transportation. A member municipality	municipality	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
The regular showing of the breed led to the development of a uniform type, and the Beagle continued to prove a success up until the outbreak of World War I when all shows were suspended. After the war, the breed was again struggling for survival in the	the	DET	UK	PROPN	 UK
In later years, the two grew apart. While McCartney would often phone Lennon, he was apprehensive about the reception he would receive. During one call, Lennon told him, " You're all pizza and fairytales! " In an effort to avoid talking only	only	ADV	about	ADP	 about
The first section of tunnel was completed in September 1998, and the TBMs moved to Havnegade. By December 1998, work had started on the initial nine stations. Plans for M2 were presented to the public in April 1999, with a debate emerging if the proposed	proposed	VERB	elevated	ADJ	 elevated
Originally cast for three guest appearances in the second season, Emerson's role was expanded. As leader of the Others, Ben became a regular cast member from the third season onward. Reviews of the show would often focus on Ben's mysterious motives. Emerson's	's	PART	portrayal	NOUN	 portrayal
They consumed 51,000 tonnes (50,190 long tons; 56,220 short tons) of coal per week and had a peak consumption of 70,000 tonnes (68,890 long tons; 77,160 short tons) per week during the winter. They were well positioned to use coal from the Northumberland	Northumberland	PROPN	and	CCONJ	 and
Since 1890 Dickinson has remained continuously in print. A few of Dickinson's poems appeared in Samuel Bowles ' Springfield Republican between 1858 and 1868. They were published anonymously and heavily edited, with conventionalized punctuation and formal titles. The first poem, " Nobody knows this	this	DET	little	ADJ	 little
Steve Jordan played the drums, while Sharrod Barnes was responsible for the guitar and Bhasker handled the keyboards. Ronson was the performer of beats and Artie Smith was the technician of gear and served as a performer of vibes. On August 25, 2013 at the 2013	2013	NUM	MTV	PROPN	 MTV
What separates these leagues from other major North American sports leagues is that they do not eject players simply for participating in a fight. However, fighting is frequently punishable by ejection in European leagues, and in Olympic competition. The rulebooks of the NHL and other professional	professional	ADJ	leagues	NOUN	 leagues
With all of the wishes used, he goes to throw out the paw, but his neighbor Ned Flanders asks about it. Hoping to see Flanders suffer, Homer gladly hands the paw over. Ned's first wish is to " Get rid of those awful aliens	aliens	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
The Committee will draft new bylaws that will better define the role and term of the WMATA Board Chairman. The Governance Committee will also draft a code of conduct for board members. The General Manager is the chief executive officer of WMATA and leads all staff except that	that	SCONJ	the	DET	 the
The main base is Nordholz, although units are always stationed at Heligoland Airport and Warnemünde, and sometimes at Borkum Airfield. The helicopters are scheduled to be replaced by the NH 90. Egypt is a prolific operator of the Sea King, using many different variants for	for	ADP	a	DET	 a
The Round Church is popularly identified with the " new golden church " referenced in a colophon to an Old Bulgarian translation of Athanasius of Alexandria's Orations Against the Arians. The text says that the translation was done on the order of Prince Simeon by Constantine of Preslav	Preslav	PROPN	and	CCONJ	 and
While the waves generated by the earthquake were limited, the event demonstrated the rapid onset of tsunami hazards, giving little time for coastal residents to prepare. And in this case, the strongest waves came ashore in Crescent City three to four hours after the initial surge	surge	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
The track features Queen and Dominican bachata singer Frank Reyes; she expressed her love for the song (and bachata in general), calling it a genre where " men express themselves with women ". The minor key " Cansada " (Tired) showcases Queen's	's	PART	rapping	NOUN	 rapping
The SSHS was originally created using both wind speed and storm surge, but since the relationship between wind speed and storm surge is not necessarily definite, the scale was changed to the Saffir Simpson Hurricane Wind Scale (SSHWS), based entirely on wind speed. Although	Although	SCONJ	increasing	VERB	 increasing
He balanced this strengthening of the supernatural and ancestral legitimacy of his kingship against inclusiveness of the commoner class by making several hova from the Tsimiamboholahy and Tsimahafotsy clans into powerful and trusted advisers. He also consulted a group of ombiasy (royal advisers of the Antaimoro clan)	)	PUNCT	,	PUNCT	,
The Giants committed only two penalties for a total of ten yards, and their defense set a franchise record with nine sacks, despite sending Lawrence Taylor into pass coverage for most of the game. With the victory the Giants clinched their first NFC East division crown.	.	PUNCT	The	DET	 The
Robert orders Ashtar to hand over his sword and give up, but Ashtar escapes with Irene, telling Ryu to follow him into the Maze of Darkness. After Ashtar escapes into the Maze of Darkness, Robert tells Ryu about Ashtar's plot to take over the world	world	NOUN	by	ADP	 by
The icon is known by various names: Vaikuntha, Vaikunthanatha (" Lord of Vaikuntha "), Chaturmurti (" four fold representation "), Chaturanana (" four faced "), Para Vasudeva Narayana, Vishnu Chaturmurti, Vishnu Chaturanana and Vaikuntha Chaturmukhi ("	"	PUNCT	four	NUM	 four
This erosion created expansive talus fields which surround the plateaus on all sides, creating slopes capable of supporting abundant plant and animal life. Upper and Lower Table Rock both stand 800 feet (240 m) above the valley floor, and just over 2,000 feet (610	610	NUM	m	NOUN	 m
Sensational reportage and the mystery surrounding the identity of the killer or killers fed the development of the character " Jack the Ripper ", who was blamed for all or most of the murders. Hundreds of books and articles discuss the Whitechapel murders, and they feature in	in	ADP	novels	NOUN	 novels
To promote the film, Siegmund Lubin placed an advertisement in Billboard; appearing in its October 15, 1904 issue, it was the first film to be advertised in the magazine. The advertisement offered the film for purchase at the price of 66 dollars, along with	with	ADP	a	DET	 a
However, one stele of Hammurabi has been found as far north as Diyarbekir, where he claims the title " King of the Amorites ". Vast numbers of contract tablets, dated to the reigns of Hammurabi and his successors, have been discovered, as well as	as	ADP	55	NUM	 55
A road linking the Santa María de la Cabeza and San Antonio de la Eminencia castles was mentioned by Agustín Crame in a 1777 proposal for the defense of the city. Crame opposed the idea, but stated that if a road were built it should be a gravel	gravel	NOUN	one	NUM	 one
The animators referenced a book of lost art for the designs. Other cultural references in the episode include Grampa's recollection of his brush with death at the Retirement Castle, which is a reference to Dorothy's return to Kansas in The Wizard of Oz. The sequence	sequence	NOUN	where	SCONJ	 where
A study from 1925 compiled the royal income that passed through the Exchequer for each year of Henry II and Richard I, as well as a sample of some years from John's reign, attempting to compare how the royal revenues compared in the various reigns. Recent	Recent	ADJ	work	NOUN	 work
To accommodate Ashman's failing health, pre production of Beauty and the Beast was moved from London to the Residence Inn in Fishkill, New York, close to Ashman's New York City home. Here, Ashman and Menken joined Wise, Trousdale, Hahn, and	and	CCONJ	Woolverton	PROPN	 Woolverton
Smetana's champions have recognised the major influences on his work as Liszt, Wagner and Berlioz – the " progressives " – while those same advocates have often played down the significance of " traditionalist " composers such as Rossini, Donizetti, Verdi and Meyerbeer. All but	but	SCONJ	a	DET	 a
Indo German Youth University The college is a partner of Indo German Youth university program. Acharya Habba The college organises the Acharya Habba, an annual inter collegiate culfest that attracts a crowd of over 30,000 students from over 300 colleges across Karnataka. Ethnic day Students dress up	up	ADP	in	ADP	 in
" He suggested that to act otherwise as a result of international pressure would be a return to the extraterritorial privileges that had been granted to many foreign nationals in China in the latter half of the 19th and first half of the 20th century pursuant to the " unequal	unequal	ADJ	treaties	NOUN	 treaties
For a time they had separate careers, with Ford moving to New York City to play in soft rock group Tigercity and Lopatin remaining in Boston to produce and compose music as Oneohtrix Point Never. In the summer of 2009, they developed an idea for a group	group	NOUN	they	PRON	 they
During the war, Hipper led the German battlecruisers on several raids of the English coast, for which he was vilified in the English press as a " baby killer. " His squadron clashed with the British battlecruiser squadron at the Battle of Dogger Bank in January 1915	1915	NUM	,	PUNCT	,
Hill's tardiness was also cited as a contributing factor. Hill began touring on her own, although to mixed reviews; often arriving late to concerts (sometimes by over two hours), performing unpopular reconfigurations of her songs and sporting an exaggerated appearance. On some	some	DET	occasions	NOUN	 occasions
The division itself was awarded four distinguished unit citations and four campaign streamers for the conflict. The division remained on occupation duty until the end of 1945. Camp Grohn near Bremen was the division headquarters until January 1946. It returned to the United States in January 1946	1946	NUM	and	CCONJ	 and
The 2nd Jäger Home Guard Brigade and 9th Ustaša Brigade were deployed in garrisons and fortifications protecting the communication routes through the Una valley. All garrisons were reinforced with local Chetnik and Ustaša Militia detachments, and all of these forces were under divisional command. On 1 and	and	CCONJ	2	NUM	 2
In September 2010, Arsenal announced that the Highbury Square development – one of the main sources of income to reduce the stadium debt – was now debt free and making revenue. On 5 October 2004, Emirates Airline signed a 15 year contract with Arsenal estimated at £	£	SYM	100	NUM	100
U2 ultimately chose to film in five cities in Latin America from February to March 2006, believing their absence from the region for eight years would foster an energetic atmosphere. The only one of the eight Latin American shows that was not shot was the first in Monterrey	Monterrey	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
" In September, the Gold Democrats met in convention in Indianapolis. Loyal to Cleveland, they wanted to nominate him. However, the President ruled this out; his Cabinet members also refused to run. Not even supporters thought the Gold Democrats would win; the	the	DET	purpose	NOUN	 purpose
The British army encountered an extremely hostile population, prepared to resist to the degree that even women, children and slaves voluntarily participated in the defense. The headquarters of the Regiment of Patricians were located at the Real Colegio de San Carlos, where Saavedra and Juan José	José	PROPN	Viamonte	PROPN	 Viamonte
In early 551, Justin was attached to a force under the eunuch Scholasticus that campaigned against a Slavic raid in the eastern Balkans. The Byzantines were initially defeated near Adrianople but went on to score a victory, after which the Slavs left Byzantine lands. In early	early	ADJ	552	NUM	 552
" Olajuwon " translates to " surpassing wealth " in Yoruba. He was the third of six children. He credits his parents with instilling virtues of hard work and discipline into him and his siblings; " They taught us to be honest, work hard, respect	respect	VERB	our	PRON	 our
Swannell played in 15 games, including all four Test Matches, three against Australia and the final Test against New Zealand. In the third Test, Swannell scored his first and only international points, a try against Australia in Sydney. The British Isles were victorious over	over	ADP	the	DET	 the
Dean then calls her a few minutes before her deal is up and she confesses to him she tried to get out of the deal with the Crossroads Demon by trading the Colt. Once she gave it up, however, the deal changed so she had to kill	kill	VERB	Sam	PROPN	 Sam
Eléna and Murrieta free the workers before the explosives go off, and then find the mortally wounded De La Vega. He makes peace with Murrieta before dying, passing the mantle of Zorro to him, and gives his blessings for his marriage to Eléna. In a	a	DET	closing	NOUN	 closing
However, with Haldane's support, Haig was able to push this through and ensure its adoption. One issue that was foreseen as a potential problem was the supply of skilled officers to the Army in wartime, and a committee was established in 1906 under Sir Edward	Edward	PROPN	Ward	PROPN	 Ward
The song has been performed on all of Jackson's world concert tours as a solo artist, and was planned to have been performed during the This Is It concerts from 2009 to 2010. Notable live performances of the song by Jackson include a performance at the 1988	1988	NUM	Grammy	PROPN	 Grammy
Among notable grants of the Program were grants to partially fund the publication of books, for example to " provide for additional illustrations or allow a book's purchase price to be lowered ". Some books " published with the assistance of the Getty Grant Program " were	were	AUX	:	PUNCT	:
Gossip columnist Hedda Hopper (and Parsons ' arch rival) showed up to the screening uninvited. Most of the critics at the preview said that they liked the film and gave it good advanced reviews. Hopper wrote negatively about it, calling the film a “ vicious	vicious	ADJ	and	CCONJ	 and
" Paula Vitaris from Cinefantastique gave the episode a moderately positive review and awarded it two and a half stars out of four. Despite noting that the episode " gets off to an awkward start ", Vitaris concluded that " ' Chimera ' takes us into the heart	heart	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
He walked more times just leading off in an inning than Lou Brock, Roberto Clemente, Luis Aparicio, Ernie Banks, Kirby Puckett, Ryne Sandberg and more than 50 other Hall of Famers walked in their entire careers... I simply can not imagine a baseball statistic	statistic	NOUN	more	ADV	 more
Called the father of the resultant constitution, he emerged from the convention as the acknowledged leader of the state's Democratic Republican Party and was selected Speaker of the Kentucky House of Representatives in 1799 and 1800. Elected to the U.S. Senate in 1800, Breckinridge functioned as	as	ADP	Jefferson	PROPN	 Jefferson
He indicates that he will continue to work on The X Files with Scully and Mulder. At the beginning of season seven, several cast and crew members felt it would be the show's last. Desiring closure if the show was cancelled, X Files creator Chris	Chris	PROPN	Carter	PROPN	 Carter
When the canal was temporarily closed by landslides in late 1915, Iowan sailed via the Straits of Magellan until the canal reopened in mid 1916. During World War I, USS Iowan carried cargo, animals, and a limited number of passengers to France, and returned	returned	VERB	nearly	ADV	 nearly
These three divisions, which had been heavily damaged by Coalition aircraft in the preceding days, attacked on 29 January. Most of their attacks were repulsed by U.S. Marines as well as U.S. Army Rangers and Coalition aircraft, but one of the Iraqi columns occupied Khafji on	on	ADP	the	DET	 the
The level of detail of the ship design, armament and especially rigging has therefore proven to be only approximate. Nevertheless, through their depiction of the ceremonial ornamentation the illustrations in the Roll have provided relevant secondary information to the study of Tudor period heraldry, flags and	and	CCONJ	ship	NOUN	 ship
" He told an interviewer, It has been said that my Requiem does not express the fear of death and someone has called it a lullaby of death. But it is thus that I see death: as a happy deliverance, an aspiration towards happiness above,	,	PUNCT	rather	ADV	 rather
She was inspired by Paula Abdul, Janet Jackson, and Madonna. During a 1992 interview, Selena said her choice of clothing does not reflect her personality. NBC News called Selena's outfit " provocative ". Because of her choices of outfits and dance moves,	,	PUNCT	she	PRON	 she
Nedvěd received further recognition in his home country when he won the 2004 Golden Ball, awarded by Czech sportswriters, for the fifth time in seven years. The 2004 – 05 season was frustrating for the midfielder, who was sidelined for two months by knee and head	head	NOUN	injuries	NOUN	 injuries
As a consequence, the station has to have at least £200 million worth of adaptations made to it so that it conforms to the directive, or be shut down. A date has not yet been given for it to conform, but two options for saving	saving	VERB	the	DET	 the
A rogue VJ, " The Voice of Survival " (real name Dallas, voiced by Derrick Forget), manages to broadcast his conspiracy laden, panic provoking messages across the city from a TV station, as well as a legitimate reporter who tries to give the	the	DET	government	NOUN	 government
They were fitted with Frise ailerons and slotted flaps. Fuel was contained in a 412 litre (91 imp gal; 109 US gal) fuselage tank and a 100 litre (22 imp gal; 26 US gal) tank in each wing. The conventional landing gear	gear	NOUN	mainwheels	NOUN	 mainwheels
It is the first Doctor Who episode to be directed by Campbell and the first co produced by Patrick Schweizter. The episode was filmed in the fifth production block with " Vincent and the Doctor ". Due to the fact it would take time to cover up all	all	DET	the	DET	 the
From these antiquities Wheeler concluded that the site was related to a period of trading with Rome, and that it was first established by emperor Augustus. He also noted that this Indo Roman trade lasted for a period of about 200 years, till 200 CE. Wheeler	Wheeler	NOUN	also	ADV	 also
Collection of the Biblioteca Nacional de Portugal. Hues, Robert (1651), Tractatus duo mathematici. Quorum primus de globis coelesti et terrestri, eorum usu, a Roberto Hues... conscriptus. Alter breviarium totius orbis terrarum, Petri Bertii... Editio prioribus auctior & emendatior	emendatior	PROPN	[	X	 [
The plan for the assault had called for Group Granite to be relieved by 51st Engineer Battalion within a few hours of seizing the Fort, but the Group was not actually relieved until 7: 00 on 11 May. Heavy Belgian resistance, as well as several demolished	demolished	VERB	bridges	NOUN	 bridges
In Michael's screenplay, his love interest is named Catherine Zeta Jones. The name of Michael's movie has been referenced several other times through the series. In the third season episode " Product Recall ", Michael frantically states that, due to the amount of	of	ADP	angry	ADJ	 angry
He's talking along the lines of tragedy and psychodrama. I find it interesting, the green monster of rage and greed, jealousy and fear in all of us. " Rhiannon Leigh Wryn as young Betty Ross Sam Elliott as General Thunderbolt Ross: A four star	star	NOUN	general	ADJ	 general
Flanders referred to the Marshall Plan as an important application of moral law to public policy. He said that the plan ’ s true purpose was to fend off Communism through the economic restoration of Europe — not to provide relief to Europe (something beyond the powers of	of	ADP	the	DET	 the
McCall left by mutual consent. After leaving Bradford, McCall spent some time out of the game before being recruited to work as a scout for Norwich City by Rangers former chief scout Ewan Chester. At the end of 2010, he was among a number of men	men	NOUN	interviewed	VERB	 interviewed
A portion of the vas deferens is often enlarged to form the seminal vesicle, which stores the sperm before they are discharged into the female. The seminal vesicles have glandular linings that secrete nutrients for nourishment and maintenance of the sperm. The ejaculatory duct is derived from	from	ADP	an	DET	 an
However, he felt that the overall quality of the film could have been better. Bryan Durham of Daily News and Analysis praised the actors, particularly Martin Sheen, the costumes and sets used for the film. He considered Barton's character and Hinglish unnecessary. He	He	PRON	also	ADV	 also
Below a large viewing screen on one end of the set was a series of art panels containing illustrations of previous ships bearing the name Enterprise. One of the ships was NASA's own Enterprise, added per Roddenberry's request: Some fans have suggested that our new	new	ADJ	Enterprise	PROPN	 Enterprise
Mid September 1943 saw the dismissal of Kren from command of the ZNDH. He was replaced by Lieutenant Colonel Adalbert Rogulja, who initiated a major reorganisation. Following the capitulation of Italy in September 1943, around 60 Regia Aeronautica aircraft were found at Mostar and Zadar airfields	airfields	NOUN	and	CCONJ	 and
Illness again interrupted Ponsford's English summer, causing him to miss the second Test at Lord's. In the final two Tests of the series, the two record breakers — Ponsford and Bradman — combined in two remarkable partnerships. In the fourth Test at Headingley,	,	PUNCT	Bradman	PROPN	 Bradman
As of July 2015, the population was 403,505, an increase of 11,599 over that reported in the 2010 Census. It is the principal municipality of the Tulsa Metropolitan Area, a region with 981,005 residents in the MSA and 1,151,172 in the CSA. The city serves	serves	VERB	as	ADP	 as
" Cornell said that the songs " Never Named " and " Boot Camp " are based on his childhood. Thayil said that the lyrics for " Never the Machine Forever " are about " a life and death match between an individual and a less specifically defined entity	entity	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
The diocese of York took advantage of Stigand's difficulties with the papacy and encroached on the suffragans, or bishops owing obedience to an archbishop, normally subject to Canterbury. York had long been held in common with Worcester, but during the period when Stigand was excommunicated	excommunicated	VERB	,	PUNCT	,
The name Figwit derives from an acronym for " Frodo is grea... who is THAT?!? " [sic]. Bret McKenzie, half of the musical comedy duo Flight of the Conchords and a Wellington native, first landed a small role as an extra	extra	NOUN	in	ADP	 in
According to the 1905 joint resolution: Said state flag shall be in length and breadth in the proportion of nine to thirteen, this being the same as the flag of the great American Republic of which West Virginia forms a part; the field thereof shall be pure	pure	ADJ	white	ADJ	 white
Between 1780 and 1783 Allen participated, along with his brother Ira, Vermont Governor Thomas Chittenden, and others, in negotiations with Frederick Haldimand, the governor of Quebec, that were ostensibly about prisoner exchanges, but were really about establishing Vermont as a new British province	province	NOUN	and	CCONJ	 and
During the first phase of her first modernization, a catapult was fitted on the roof of Turret No. 3 and the ship was equipped to operate three floatplanes, although no hangar was provided. The initial Nakajima E4N2 biplanes were replaced by Nakajima E8N2 biplanes in 1938	1938	NUM	.	PUNCT	.
Using as his inspiration the Edwin Hawkins Singers ' rendition of an eighteenth century Christian hymn, " Oh Happy Day ", Harrison continued working on the theme. He completed the song, with some help from Preston, once they had returned to London. The song	song	NOUN	's	PART	's
Oswald and Oswiu, kings of Northumbria, were converted in the 630s and 640s, and the wave of change carried on through the middle of the 7th century across the kingdoms of Mercia, the South Saxons and the Isle of Wight. The process was largely complete	complete	ADJ	by	ADP	 by
) enters Sloan's hospital room and removes him from life support. Unable to cope with Sloan's death, Meredith Grey boards a plane to visit Yang, but panics before it takes off. Shortly thereafter, Meredith Grey finds Karev at the airport bar, where	where	SCONJ	he	PRON	 he
There was popular support in both countries for the plan, although whilst in the United Kingdom the socialist Labour Party was strongly in favour, the political left in France wanted to directly aid the Republicans. The Labour Party would reject non intervention in October 1937. The	The	DET	British	PROPN	 British
There is no evidence that Philip effected any changes to the Christians ' legal status. Pogroms against the Christians in Alexandria took place while Philip was still emperor. There is no evidence that Philip punished, participated in or assisted the pogrom. No historian contests that Philip	Philip	PROPN	's	PART	's
Batista, the twenty eighth entrant, won the match by last eliminating John Cena, the twenty fifth entrant. The primary match on the Raw brand was Triple H versus Randy Orton for the World Heavyweight Championship, which Triple H won by pinfall after performing a Pedigree	Pedigree	PROPN	.	PUNCT	.
Acquiring all 120 Green Stars awards the player with the final, forty ninth galaxy with two new challenges that are considered exceptionally difficult. Super Mario Galaxy 2 contains 242 unique Power Stars to collect overall. Most of the levels in Super Mario Galaxy 2 offer a unique	unique	ADJ	task	NOUN	 task
" Weaving Girl ", Vega) who is on the far side of the river, the Milky Way. However, one day per year on the seventh day of the seventh month of the Chinese lunisolar calendar, magpies make a bridge so that Niu Lang and	and	CCONJ	Zhi	PROPN	 Zhi
As before, Lepori denied any role in the affair whatsoever, indeed saying he could not even remember Morisi. The " Regina " in Morisi's story was identified as Regina Bussolari; though Morisi averred to have told her the whole story, Bussolari professed to know	know	VERB	nothing	PRON	 nothing
She later referred to this as the biggest disappointment of her career. Pat and Mike was the last film Hepburn completed on her MGM contract, making her free to select her own projects. She spent two years resting and traveling, before committing to David Lean's	's	PART	romantic	ADJ	 romantic
It was also nominated for several other Nintendo DS awards, including Best Use of Sound, Best Graphics Technology, and Game of the Year. The game was the top selling DS game in North America the week of its release, selling over 300,000 units, and	and	CCONJ	setting	VERB	 setting
CMAP shows small amplitudes but normal latency and conduction velocities. If repeated impulses are administered (two per second or 2 Hz), it is normal for CMAP amplitudes to become smaller as the acetylcholine in the motor end plate is depleted. In LEMS, this decrease	decrease	NOUN	is	AUX	 is
The group used vintage recording equipment and, for certain tracks, a 40 piece orchestra. In contrast to their previous work, each member arranged, composed, and produced songs on their own before putting the finished recordings together. In a 1997 interview, Saadiq said	said	VERB	of	ADP	 of
All of these scripts were lacking letters to represent all of the sounds of Biblical Hebrew, though these sounds are reflected in Greek and Latin transcriptions / translations of the time. These scripts originally only indicated consonants, but certain letters, known by the Latin term matres	matres	NOUN	lectionis	PROPN	 lectionis
He returned to the Balkans in late 1916, conducted combat missions over Bulgarian occupied Macedonia and shot down one enemy plane. Tomić continued flying after the war and became head of the Royal Yugoslav Air Force's pursuit squadron in Novi Sad. During World War II,	,	PUNCT	he	PRON	 he
This air of realism has led to Star Cops being frequently compared with the 1973 BBC drama series Moonbase 3. Similarly, the pioneering spirit evoked by the process of colonising the Solar System seen in the series has led to comparisons with the Western genre among many commentators	commentators	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
). Questioning the emphasis on cladistics in Thiele and Ladiges ' arrangement, George published a slightly modified version of his 1981 arrangement in his 1999 treatment of Banksia for the Flora of Australia series of monographs. To date, this remains the most recent comprehensive arrangement.	.	PUNCT	The	DET	 The
This diverse group arose in the Triassic period and members are arranged in about 40 orders and 448 families. Over 26,000 species have been described. Teleosts range from giant oarfish, measuring 25 ft (7.6 m) or more, and ocean sunfish weighing over 2.0 long	long	ADJ	tons	NOUN	 tons
Innse Gall (islands of the foreigners or strangers) is also heard occasionally, a name that was originally used by mainland Highlanders when the islands were ruled by the Norse. The individual island and place names in the Outer Hebrides have mixed Gaelic and Norse origins.	.	PUNCT	Various	ADJ	 Various
On December 17, 2014, Smith confirmed she and eight other Wildrose members — Rob Anderson, Gary Bikman, Rod Fox, Jason Hale, Bruce McAllister, Blake Pedersen, Bruce Rowe and Jeff Wilson — would cross the floor to the Progressive Conservative caucus, with	with	ADP	Smith	PROPN	 Smith
Manningham Rugby Football Club, formed in 1876, originally played games at Cardigan Fields, in the Carlisle Road area of Bradford. When their ground was sold to facilitate the construction of Drummond School, the club required a new home. Consequently, they bought one third	third	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
Villa Arabesque in Acapulco was used for Sanchez's lavish villa, and the La Rumorosa Mountain Pass in Tecate was used as the filming site for the tanker chase during the climax of the film. Sanchez's Olympiatec Meditation Institute was shot at the Otomi Ceremonial Center in	in	ADP	Temoaya	PROPN	 Temoaya
During the Boer War, the importance of coordinating troop movements and synchronizing attacks against the highly mobile Boer insurgents was paramount, and the use of wristwatches subsequently became widespread among the officer class. The company Mappin & Webb began production of their successful ' campaign watch '	'	PUNCT	for	ADP	 for
After the parliaments of England and Scotland agreed, the two countries joined in political union, to create the Kingdom of Great Britain in 1707. To accommodate the union, institutions such as the law and national churches of each remained separate. Under the newly formed Kingdom	Kingdom	PROPN	of	ADP	 of
On the night of 25 March, the prisoners enacted their plan. Serious problems arose immediately. The tunnel hatch proved difficult to open and the tunnel exit was several metres short of the relatively safe forested area. These problems led to delays and only 76 POWs managed	managed	VERB	to	PART	 to
In the 2000 International Classification, Fantastic Light was assessed at 124, placing him fourteenth in the ratings (eighth in Europe), ten pounds below Dubai Millennium. In the 2001 International Classification Fantastic Light was assessed at 129 (equal with Galileo), making him	him	PRON	the	DET	 the
He also tied the WVU records for career home runs (35) and single season home runs (19). Gyorko was considered a potential first or second round pick in the MLB Draft following his junior year, Though he had one more year of eligibility remaining	remaining	VERB	at	ADP	 at
Written by Leonard Chang and co executive producer Davey Holmes, " Nightswimming " was watched by 2.8 million viewers, including 0.9 percent of those aged between 18 and 49 in Nielsen ratings, upon its initial broadcast in the United States. Directed by executive producer Jeffrey Reiner	Reiner	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
Carr's men achieved a small breakthrough at the 2nd Texas Lunette and requested reinforcements. By 11 a.m., it was clear that a breakthrough was not forthcoming and the advances by Sherman and McPherson were failures. Just then, Grant received a message from McClernand, which	which	PRON	stated	VERB	 stated
Wollstonecraft's Rights of Men was published only weeks after Burke's Reflections. While Burke supported aristocracy, monarchy, and the Established Church, liberals such as William Godwin, Paine, and Wollstonecraft, argued for republicanism, agrarian socialism, anarchy, and religious toleration.	.	PUNCT	Most	ADJ	 Most
Kinugasa now joined Kako in pounding Vincennes. Vincennes scored one hit on Kinugasa causing moderate damage to her steering engines. The rest of the Japanese ships also fired and hit Vincennes up to 74 times, and, at 02: 03, another torpedo hit her,	,	PUNCT	this	DET	 this
The team did attract national attention for its " Maryland Pride " uniforms that were created by Under Armour, who had become the official outfitter of the Maryland Athletic Department in September 2008. After the 2011 season, Edsall fired both his offensive coordinator Gary Crowton and his	his	PRON	defensive	ADJ	 defensive
These two groupings of lands allowed Walter to help defend the border of England against Welsh raids. Walter also had other lands in Berkshire, Gloucestershire, Worcestershire, and Oxfordshire. Walter kept a large number of his manors in demesne, managing them directly rather than giving	giving	VERB	them	PRON	 them
The two men debated in county seats the length of Tennessee before the meetings were called off two weeks before the August 1853 election due to illness in Henry's family. Johnson won the election by 63,413 votes to 61,163; some votes for him were cast in return	return	NOUN	for	ADP	 for
The first play of the possession resulted in a five yard penalty against Tech. The second play resulted in the initial first down of the game as Brown completed a 19 yard pass to wide receiver Mike Adams. After the first down, Williams picked up two yards	yards	NOUN	on	ADP	 on
As President of the FA since 2006, Prince William, Duke of Cambridge is a frequent guest of honour at the FA Cup final, attending the 2007 and 2010 finals, but his recent marriage to Catherine, Duchess of Cambridge meant he could not attend. Instead	Instead	ADV	,	PUNCT	,
Most of present day MD 331 was designated as part of US 213 in 1926 when the U.S. Highway System was established. By 1940, US 213 was moved to a new alignment that crossed the Choptank River at Cambridge on a bridge built in 1935 and MD 331	331	NUM	was	AUX	 was
Its name derives from Makemake in the mythology of the Rapa Nui people of Easter Island. Makemake was discovered on March 31, 2005, by a team at the Palomar Observatory, led by Michael E. Brown, and was announced to the public on July 29,	,	PUNCT	2005	NUM	 2005
This Constitution will be preserved, but it will be preserved very largely in consequence of what the Lord has revealed and what [the Mormons], through listening to the Lord and being obedient, will help to bring about, to stabilize and give permanency and effect	effect	NOUN	to	ADP	 to
The total energy emitted depends on the initial mass, with much of the core being converted to 56Ni and ejected which then powers the supernova for many months. At the lower end stars of about 140 M ☉ produce supernovae that are long lived but otherwise typical,	,	PUNCT	while	SCONJ	 while
Markets were favoured not because livestock was traded there, but because they offered a public venue where the separation of husband and wife could be witnessed. Sales often took place at fairs, in front of public houses, or local landmarks such as the obelisk at Preston	Preston	PROPN	(	PUNCT	 (
On the night of November 27, the Turks took up defensive position at Wawon to the east of Kunu ri. They were soon met with the PVA 342nd Regiment from the 114th Division. The ensuing battle between the Chinese regiment and the brigade's advance battalion continued	continued	VERB	for	ADP	 for
Following the 2001 federal election, she was elected to the Shadow Cabinet and was given the portfolio of Population and Immigration. In 2003, she took on the responsibility for both Reconciliation and Indigenous Affairs and Health. In December 2006, when Kevin Rudd was elected as	as	ADP	Labor	PROPN	 Labor
" Budden suggests that " With Verdi... the man and the artist on many ways developed side by side. " Ungainly and awkward in society in his early years, " as he became a man of property and underwent the civilizing influence of Giuseppina,... [	[	X	he	PRON	he
After the end of the First World War in 1918, at the age of 70, she began to retire from public life, undertaking few public duties outside Kensington Palace, where she died at age 91. Louise was born on 18 March 1848 at Buckingham Palace	Palace	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
She taught me that the lyrics you write have to come from personal experiences – I really felt her music. Now I aspire to writing honest lyrics with real feelings that people can relate to. " Mauboy also names Whitney Houston as another influence, stating that she	she	PRON	looks	VERB	 looks
Hall designed the three part game, Carmack and Romero programmed it, Wilbur managed the team, and artist Adrian Carmack helped later in development. The team worked continuously for almost three months on the game, working late into the night at the office at Softdisk and	and	CCONJ	taking	VERB	 taking
According to production designer Arthur Max, exhaustive location scouting was done to find parts of New York that could still resemble the city of the early 1970s, filming Lucas ' headquarters at 116th Street 20 blocks north, on 136th Street. In his interview with ComingSoon.net,	,	PUNCT	Scott	PROPN	 Scott
With the leadership of Brodeur, they defeated the Boston Bruins in the 1st round, shutting them out in three of their four wins. In the second round against Pittsburgh, Brodeur gave up only eight goals and helped the Devils defeat the Penguins in five games.	.	PUNCT	In	ADP	 In
Nirvana's active career ended following the death of Kurt Cobain in 1994, but various posthumous releases have been issued since, overseen by Novoselic, Grohl, and Cobain's widow Courtney Love. Since its debut, the band has sold over 25 million records in the	the	DET	United	PROPN	 United
This work was finished on 1 September 1777. The contract for the Hackney Cut was given to Jeremiah Ilsley on 18 January 1768, and a bricklayer called Henry Holland was asked to build two locks on the cut on 23 April 1768. A millwright from Bromley called	called	VERB	Mr	PROPN	 Mr
' " Harlow Elliot Woodword, in Epitaphs from the Old Burying Ground in Dorchester, said that Atherton had believed in witches and " felt it to be a duty which he owed to God and to his Country to mete out to the poor creatures, against whom	whom	PRON	accusations	NOUN	 accusations
A new YouTube video was uploaded to " ChartJackersProject " on 25 September, offering viewers the opportunity to audition to sing " I've Got Nothing " on the final release. Hundred of viewers auditioned, with ten being selected to go through as finalists. These ten	ten	NUM	finalists	NOUN	 finalists
" Que Me Quedes Tú " was released as the fifth single in November 2002 and peaked at number 10 on the Spanish Singles Chart. It became a success on the Latin record charts in the United States, topping both the Billboard Hot Latin Songs and Latin Pop	Pop	PROPN	Airplay	PROPN	 Airplay
Bell had said that she " would love to see him and Elle face off one day ". In November 2007, Bell and Quinto filmed scenes at a restaurant in Los Angeles, which was set as a " New Jersey Diner " and had involved police and	and	CCONJ	paramedics	NOUN	 paramedics
This movement reached its peak in the 1960s after the Second Vatican Council. The leading figure in pursuing this style was Giacomo Antonio (Jack) Coia of Gillespie, Kidd & Coia. From the later 1920s he pursued a brick style of Catholic architecture. Coia's	's	PART	first	ADJ	 first
The upper armour belt was in two strakes, the lower 120 mm thick and the upper 80 mm (3.1 in). Their combined height was 2 metres (6 ft 7 in) amidships. The maximum thickness of the armoured deck was 80 mm and the	the	DET	fore	NOUN	 fore
” This view was echoed by John Brosnan in The Primal Screen (1991): " One of the best of all alien possession movies ", he wrote, " Not since Boris Karloff as Frankenstein's monster has an actor managed to create such a memorable, and	and	CCONJ	sympathetic	ADJ	 sympathetic
After 259No and 255No, the next most stable nobelium isotopes are 253No (half life 1.62 minutes), 254No (51 seconds), 257No (25 seconds), 256No (2.91 seconds), and 252No (2.57 seconds). All of the remaining nobelium	nobelium	NOUN	isotopes	NOUN	 isotopes
Hacker stands 6 feet 1 inch (1.85 m) and weighs 230 pounds (100 kg). He throws right handed but is a switch hitter. He has played for the Pittsburgh Pirates, Minnesota Twins, and San Francisco Giants. He throws a fastball,	,	PUNCT	a	DET	 a
The reunion actually took place in early October 1972, beginning with a rehearsal at McGuinn's house, where the group began selecting suitable material for a new album. The five original Byrds booked into Wally Heider Studios in Los Angeles from October 16 until November 15,	,	PUNCT	1972	NUM	 1972
Hughes now had four wins over mixed martial artists with ties to the Gracies, including UFC pioneer Royce Gracie, the prior mentioned Renzo Gracie and former champ Serra. Hughes faced BJ Penn on November 20, 2010, in a rubber match at UFC 123: Rampage	Rampage	NOUN	vs.	ADP	 vs.
National rivals BMW went on to win the race the following day. Following the race the ACO and the Fédération Française du Sport Automobile (FFSA) national motorsport body investigated the incidents. The FFSA questioned the ACO's decision to allow Mercedes to continue to compete after	after	ADP	the	DET	 the
The cause of this geographical pattern is not clear. While the north south gradient of incidence is decreasing, as of 2010 it is still present. MS is more common in regions with northern European populations and the geographic variation may simply reflect the global distribution of these	these	DET	high	ADJ	 high
Whether or not the book will be adapted to film remains a matter of speculation. When asked whether there would be a movie adaptation of Eldest at the premiere of Eragon, Christopher Paolini replied, " I think we'll know after opening weekend. " Many critics	critics	NOUN	have	AUX	 have
Géza was proclaimed king, but Solomon established himself in Moson and Pressburg (now Bratislava, Slovakia). During his brother's reign, Ladislaus administered all of their father's former duchy. He repelled Solomon's attack on Nyitra (present day Nitra, Slovakia)	)	PUNCT	in	ADP	 in
No other pollinators have been recorded, but the species is poorly surveyed, and studies of other Banksia species have consistently indicated a wide range of invertebrate and vertebrate pollinators. For example, a survey of the closely related and co occurring B. media found that " honeyeater	honeyeater	NOUN	birds	NOUN	 birds
A 1978 study looked at various areas around Hadspen for development, the only area to date where this has happened is the small expansion of the town south of the Highway on the River's east bank.. The town is in the Meander Valley Council local government area	area	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
' " In a very positive review, prominent music critic Robert Christgau felt that most of the songs " live up to the underlining " and considered the album to be the best punk debut since the ones by the Ramones, Sex Pistols, The Clash, and	and	CCONJ	Wire	PROPN	 Wire
" In his 1926 obituary in Time, it was said that Berger left him a copy of Das Kapital and " prisoner Debs read it slowly, eagerly, ravenously. " Debs emerged from jail at the end of his sentence a changed man. He would spend	spend	VERB	the	DET	 the
In response, the U.S. Department of Justice filed a suit seeking removal of the Commissioner and recovery of the misapplied funds. However, the courts dismissed the case. In 1994, the Commission contracted to apply an epoxy coating on the bridge's surface, but the	the	DET	coating	NOUN	 coating
While the Garter stall plates (see below) stay in the chapel permanently, the crests and banners of deceased knights are, following presentation at the High Altar, removed from the chapel. Sometimes they are then given to institutions that were connected with the late knight	knight	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
Neither had vexatious claims been a problem for barristers – in any event, the present case was not vexatious and there were other hurdles, both procedural and financial, in the way of an unsuccessful litigant making unmeritorious claims against an expert. As there was no justification	justification	NOUN	for	ADP	 for
She runs up to him in his car and they share a kiss before heading back to Scranton. Meanwhile, Nellie Bertram (Catherine Tate) shows up in Scranton after Robert California (James Spader) allows her to have a job there. She is invited to	to	PART	take	VERB	 take
Petersen has claimed in an interview that one of the film's scenes forced the crew to adopt a guerrilla filmmaking approach. The scene in which Petersen's character Will Graham falls asleep while studying crime scene photographs during a flight required the use of an airplane during shooting	shooting	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
Around Tôlanaro (Fort Dauphin), it is called pondiky [punˈdikʲ]. In the northern end of its range, it is known as tsidy [ˈtʃidʲ]. Around Morondava, it is referred to as koitsiky [kuiˈtʃikʲ], titilivaha [ti ̥ tiliˈva	tiliˈva	NOUN	]	PUNCT	]
In 1911, George V also held a durbar which he and his wife Queen Mary attended in person. Since it was deemed inappropriate for a Christian anointing and coronation to take place in a largely non Christian nation, George V was not crowned in India; instead	instead	ADV	,	PUNCT	,
Enterprise heads to Andoria after Ambassador Soval informs them that the Vulcans believe they have been developing Xindi weapon technology. Soval guides Enterprise to a nebula where the Andorian fleet is hiding. Commander Shran is dubious, and abducts and tortures Soval. After believing him, Enterprise	Enterprise	NOUN	joins	VERB	 joins
Held during four non consecutive nights in August 2011 at the Roseland Ballroom in New York City, the concerts were part of Beyoncé's campaign in support of her fourth studio album 4 (2011). All the songs on the standard version of the album, excluding	excluding	VERB	"	PUNCT	 "
The title track, " Age Ain't Nothing but a Number ", peaked at number 75 on the Hot 100. Additionally, she released " The Thing I Like " as part of the soundtrack to the 1994 film A Low Down Dirty Shame. Age Ai	Ai	PROPN	n't	PART	n't
Cambridge's coach Rob Baker was mildly disappointed but remained upbeat, suggesting " Though I would have liked a closer race, I saw some excellent performances ". The men's trials took place along The Championship Course on 11 December 2014, and according to the author	author	NOUN	Chris	PROPN	 Chris
During the season it is revealed that his marriage to his wife Wendy is a green card marriage, and he and Wendy go through a divorce after she obtains her citizenship. This affects Tom greater than he anticipated, as he realizes that he actually did harbor feelings	feelings	NOUN	for	ADP	 for
He scored consecutive hat tricks on 8 October 1960 and 19 October, in victories at Northern Ireland and Luxembourg. On 15 April 1961, Greaves scored another hat trick in a 9 – 3 victory over Scotland at Wembley, and also had a fourth goal disallowed for	for	ADP	offside	NOUN	 offside
Carl Edwards was the race's defending champion. Three practice sessions were held before the Sunday race — one on Friday, and two on Saturday. The first session lasted 90 minutes, and the second 45 minutes. The final session lasted 60 minutes. In the	the	DET	first	ADJ	 first
Elephants were historically kept for display in the menageries of Ancient Egypt, China, Greece and Rome. The Romans in particular pitted them against humans and other animals in gladiator events. In the modern era, elephants have traditionally been a major part of zoos and circuses	circuses	NOUN	around	ADP	 around
Bede says that this singing master was named Æddi (or Eddius in Latin) and had the surname Stephen. Traditionally historians have identified Æddi as Stephen of Ripon, author of the Vita Sancti Wilfrithi, which has led to the assumption that the Vita was based on	on	ADP	the	DET	 the
Before Fengshen affected Japan, airline officials canceled more than 30 flights, and train and bus service was also interrupted. Along the coast of Kyushu, Fengshen washed a freighter onshore and split it in two, which was traveling from New Orleans, Louisiana to Kagoshima Prefecture	Prefecture	PROPN	.	PUNCT	.
The public shaming of the teen caused the incident to be discussed in many places, including KATU, The Oregonian, The Portland Mercury (" This is what happens when you screw with the Water Bureau "), and The New York Times (" Don't	n't	PART	mess	VERB	 mess
Six years later, the pygmy right whale was classified under the family Neobalaenidae. Despite its name, the pygmy right whale is more genetically similar to rorquals and gray whales than to right whales. A study published in 2012, based on bone structure, moved the	the	DET	pygmy	NOUN	 pygmy
A large island was fitted on the starboard side that, for the first time in a Japanese carrier, was integrated with the ship's funnel. This was angled 26° outwards to help keep its exhaust from interfering with flight operations. The ships were designed with	with	ADP	two	NUM	 two
However, numerous exotic plants also inhabit the site. The watershed of Darby Creek and several other nearby creeks house most of the herptiles in Delaware County. The macroinvertebrate communities of the creek mainly consist of Limestone Agricultural Stream communities. No mussel communities have been described on	on	ADP	the	DET	 the
In February 2003, a rotating detachment of three Hercules deployed to the Persian Gulf to support the Australian contribution to the wars in Afghanistan and Iraq, amassing 20,000 operational flying hours by March 2010. From July 2003 to July 2004, Caribous undertook reconnaissance and transport missions	missions	NOUN	during	ADP	 during
" He added that Taylor's " attitude during the last 48 hours — as far as my small head is concerned — has been beyond imagination ". Justifying the removal of the HNC, Khánh said they were " exploited by counter revolutionary elements who placed partisan considerations	considerations	NOUN	above	ADP	 above
The yellow paper wasp (Polistes versicolor) is known for its wagging movements as a form of communication within the colony; it can waggle with a frequency of 10.6 ± 2.1 Hz (n = 190). These wagging movements can signal the arrival of new material	material	NOUN	into	ADP	 into
Ramona Sunavala, Jeroo Writer and Vikas Sethi feature as Poo's friends Sonya, Tanya and Robbie, respectively. Additionally, Ashutosh Singh features as Ashfaque, Rukshaar's husband. Shilpa Mehta, Shashikala and Parzan Dastur were cast as Ashfaque's mother, grandmother and nephew	nephew	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
James Parsons III intercepted Green at Hollidaysburg, but local abolitionists thwarted his attempt to capture Green, and he was arrested and arraigned for kidnapping. Upon learning of the arrest of his nephew, Parsons sought the assistance of Charles James Faulkner, a prominent Martinsburg lawyer and	and	CCONJ	United	PROPN	 United
Genetic evidence suggests that the proto nyala had some early hybridization with the proto lesser kudu, but the two have remained separate long after this crossing. The nyala is a spiral horned and middle sized antelope, between a bushbuck and a kudu. It is considered the	the	DET	most	ADV	 most
Despite capturing 400 prisoners as well as Mametz Wood (the largest wood on the Somme), which paved the way for the assault on Bazentin Ridge, the reputation of the division had been sullied by inaccuracies. The failure of the first attack did much harm to	to	ADP	the	DET	 the
He played 19 seasons in the National Hockey League (NHL) for the Detroit Red Wings, St. Louis Blues, Boston Bruins, Washington Capitals, Philadelphia Flyers, Mighty Ducks of Anaheim and Edmonton Oilers. Known as an elite playmaker, his career total of 1,079	1,079	NUM	assists	NOUN	 assists
Until 2008, the Irish Football Association (IFA) under IFA Article 27, prohibited any clubs affiliated with them from playing association football matches on Sunday. The ban initially came from Northern Ireland's Protestant Christian majority's observance of Sunday as the Sabbath (a day	day	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
There are various versions regarding his death. One version suggested that his wingman reported damage and was asked to break off. Alone over the Ardennes, he was engaged by at least four escorting P 38s or possibly by P 51s. In the ensuing 20 minute dogfight	dogfight	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
Coach Wren Blair believed that Masterton was playing despite a pre existing brain hemorrhage, and was concerned enough that he wanted to have Masterton checked out by a doctor. However, Masterton brushed it off. Longtime NHL coach John Muckler, who was then the coach of	of	ADP	the	DET	 the
Rates of interreligious marriage vary widely: In the United States, it is just under 50%, in the United Kingdom, around 53%; in France; around 30%, and in Australia and Mexico, as low as 10%. In the United	United	PROPN	States	PROPN	 States
Brock's successor at Detroit, however, fared much worse. Colonel Henry Procter faced an attack from a resurrected American Army of the Northwest under future President William Henry Harrison. Harrison set out to retake Detroit, but a detachment of his army was defeated at Frenchtown	Frenchtown	PROPN	on	ADP	 on
Persano broke off the engagement, and though his ships still outnumbered the Austrians, he refused to counter attack with his badly demoralized forces. In addition, the fleet was low on coal and ammunition. The Italian fleet began to withdraw, followed by the Austrians;	;	PUNCT	Tegetthoff	PROPN	 Tegetthoff
In their 1998 book, Star Trek 101, Terry J. Erdmann and Paula M. Block called " Unnatural Selection " the key Pulaski episode. Science fiction writer Keith DeCandido felt that she displays all of her worst traits in this episode, including " her stubbornness, her	her	PRON	intensity	NOUN	 intensity
It was a final incentive to the poorest to get out of the ' East End ' at all costs, and it became a concentrated reminder to the public conscience that nothing to be found in the ' East End ' should be tolerated in a Christian country.	.	PUNCT	Parts	NOUN	 Parts
Two major 19th century projects contributed to the city's revival. The Augustów Canal, completed in 1832, linked the Neman to the Black Sea, and a rail line linking Saint Petersburg, Warsaw, and Germany via Kaunas was completed in 1862; it was part	part	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
Water in the deep ocean takes about 1,000 years to circulate back through surface waters, and so the surface waters contain a combination of older water, with depleted 14C, and water recently at the surface, with 14C in equilibrium with the atmosphere. Creatures living at	at	ADP	the	DET	 the
Jade can earn credits by defeating enemies, taking pictures, or completing assignments, which can be used to purchase additional items for both Jade and her vehicles. Beyond Good & Evil takes place in the year 2435 on the mining planet of Hillys, located in a	a	DET	remote	ADJ	 remote
This meant that the torpedoes could not be struck below until after all the bombs were moved up from their magazine, assembled and mounted on the aircraft. This process normally took about an hour and a half; more time would be required to bring the aircraft up	up	ADP	to	ADP	 to
Fingleton mainly freelanced for overseas newspapers as he regarded Australian editors as being difficult to work with, and because the pay was lower. In 1946 – 47, England toured Australia for the first full Test series since the war. Fingleton criticised Bradman for not walking after	after	ADP	hitting	VERB	 hitting
His performance received mixed reviews, with Raymond Benson considering that Connery " looks weary and bored... he is overweight, slow moving, and doesn't seem to be trying to create a credible character ". Despite that, Benson considers that Connery " still radiates more	more	ADJ	screen	NOUN	 screen
The males mature sexually at a length of 77 – 121 cm (2.53 – 3.97 ft), and the females at a length of 117 – 159 cm (3.84 – 5.22 ft). There is no relationship between an individual's size at birth, size	size	NOUN	at	ADP	 at
In 1987 he abandoned sessions in Memphis for a planned country album, produced by Chips Moman, after which Moman was blocked by a court injunction from issuing the recordings. Starr nevertheless maintained a high public profile through his narration over 1984 – 86 of the popular children	children	NOUN	's	PART	's
Meanwhile, Mulder enters the train and finds that the secret railcar is quarantined and protected by a security system. He searches for Zama, enlisting the train conductor for help. In Zama's compartment, they find hand written journals in Japanese. However, elsewhere on	on	ADP	the	DET	 the
" Owens thought that it was a " varied collection of ballads and midtempo rockers ", but said that it was not " as consistently engaging " as Third Rock from the Sun. Nash gave " Bigger Than the Beatles " a C minus rating, calling it	it	PRON	"	PUNCT	 "
Her manager discouraged her from pursuing many acting engagements until she could be more selective. Ratajkowski attended the University of California, Los Angeles (UCLA) for one year in 2009, then decided to model full time. She found the fine art education at the UCLA	UCLA	PROPN	School	PROPN	 School
Wow. " Newsround's Lizo Mzimba opines that Moffett's appearance as Jenny is " superb ", while Doctor Who producer Phil Collinson has hailed the introduction of Jenny as the Doctor's daughter: " One of the best pre title sequences we've ever had.	.	PUNCT	"	PUNCT	 "
We have not found it to be quite all that we wished in this respect -- and it would have been very extraordinary if we had, for our wishes went far beyond reasonable expectations. But we have found it of a nature to present to common understandings the	the	DET	poetical	ADJ	 poetical
Parsons became Blandy's assistant. In turn, Parsons had two assistants of his own, Ashworth and Horacio Rivero, Jr. He also brought Greenbacker from Los Alamos to help set up the new office. Parsons was a strong supporter of research into the use of nuclear	nuclear	ADJ	power	NOUN	 power
In 2008, it was listed as # 6, which was met with approval from Jacksonville's newspaper, The Florida Times Union, and skepticism from the SJRWMD. The St. Johns River is under consideration as an additional water source to meet growing public water needs.	.	PUNCT	In	ADP	 In
Although his family lived in Point Pleasant, West Virginia, Brereton Jones was born on June 27, 1939 in Gallipolis, Ohio, the site of the nearest hospital to the family's home. One of six children born to E. Bartow Jones II, who served	served	VERB	two	NUM	 two
Palmyra itself remained officially part of the empire but Palmyrene inscriptions started to describe it as a " metrocolonia ", indicating that the city's status was higher than normal Roman colonias. In practice, Palmyra shifted from a provincial city to a de facto allied kingdom.	.	PUNCT	In	ADP	 In
" He says that there were attempts to use of psychiatry for political purposes but there was no mass psychiatric terror, he calls allegations about the terror a propagandistic weapon of activists of the Cold War. As Alexander Podrabinek writes, psychiatrists of punitive conscription and namely Kondratev	Kondratev	PROPN	are	AUX	 are
Providence also shares Rhode Island's affinity for coffee, as the former has the most coffee / doughnut shops per capita of any city in the country. Providence, like many other towns, is also reputed to have the highest number of restaurants per capita, many	many	ADJ	of	ADP	 of
Adam Cleveland at IGN called Revelations: The Demon Slayer a fun but not innovative game. The American game magazine Nintendo Power did however find it innovative; for instance, they cited the automatic battle option. Cleveland disliked the monster conversation system, which he found irritating	irritating	VERB	;	PUNCT	;
From 2010 to 2012, Ranaut was involved in a long distance romance with Nicholas Lafferty, an English doctor; she described the relationship as " the most normal " she ever had, but the couple split amicably as she was not ready for marriage. She has	has	AUX	since	SCONJ	 since
Ten days later, he put forth another dominant start, taking a no hitter into the eighth inning and pitching eight shutout innings in a 4 – 0 win over the Connecticut Defenders. With Trenton, Hughes had a 10 – 3 record, a 2.25 ERA,	,	PUNCT	and	CCONJ	 and
The Navy conducted a public court of inquiry, placed blame on Waddle and other members of Greeneville's crew, and dealt non judicial punishment or administrative disciplinary action to the captain and some crew members. After Commander Waddle had faced the Naval Board of Inquiry, it	it	PRON	was	AUX	 was
In the case of Hermes, Handlen stated, " Hermes can be an obsessive, number loving accountant, and still have that memory of his younger self saving Baby Bender from the trash heap. It works because the twist is the discovery of compassion in someone we	we	PRON	liked	VERB	 liked
After the match, Reigns snapped and viciously attacked Sheamus as well as Triple H. This resulted in a rematch the following night on Raw for the title with the added stipulation that Reigns would be fired should he lose. Despite interference from chairman Mr. McMahon, Sheamus lost	lost	VERB	the	DET	 the
The Muslim threat had receded, as their navies declined and relations between the Fatimids, especially, and the Empire were largely peaceful. The last Arab raid against imperial territory was recorded in 1035 in the Cyclades, and was defeated in the next year. Another Rus	Rus	PROPN	'	PART	 '
The Disney Channel promos for Phineas and Ferb describe him as someone who " thinks big ", refusing to let any day be ordinary. Povenmire also characterizes him as assertive, someone so secure in his abilities that others assume he is a prodigy. Povenmire and Marsh	Marsh	PROPN	wanted	VERB	 wanted
His first priority was to strengthen the country and to retrieve its lost territory. Because Aron resided in Poland, Stephen made a few incursions in southern Poland. The hostilities ended on April 4, 1459, when in a new treaty between the two countries, Moldavia	Moldavia	PROPN	accepted	VERB	 accepted
Preoccupied with fighting the Americans to their north, the North Koreans were unprepared for the Australians to attack from the rear. Caught between the American paratroopers and the 27th British Commonwealth Brigade, the North Korean 239th Regiment was practically destroyed. North Korean casualties in the apple	apple	NOUN	orchard	NOUN	 orchard
The ship's cost totaled 22,329,000 marks. Following her commissioning, Mecklenburg began sea trials, which lasted until mid December 1903. She was assigned to the II Division of the I Squadron, alongside the battleships Kaiser Karl der Grosse and Kaiser Wilhelm II. Mecklenburg had	had	VERB	to	PART	 to
Men from Kamenica had previously established a camp in a nearby forest for weapons and supplies. Bursać was one of the village's most active women, collecting food and clothing for the insurgents and serving as a courier for the Kamenica camp. On 27 July the Partisans	Partisans	PROPN	liberated	VERB	 liberated
The Full Monty cast members came to the set to offer advice and watch the taping. The remainder of the episode was filmed before an audience later that same night. Gomez quipped that having two guys paint his body in make up was " more embarrassing " than	than	ADP	filming	VERB	 filming
However, when officials were arrested, they were imprisoned and fettered like commoners. Their punishments in court also had to gain the approval of the emperor. Officials were not exempt from execution, yet they were often given a chance to commit suicide as a dignified alternative	alternative	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
During the session, they worked on the De Lane Lea master tape of " Fire ", replacing everything except Redding's bass line, which he double tracked in an effort to accentuate the recording's lower frequencies. Kramer placed the second bass line on a dedicated	dedicated	ADJ	track	NOUN	 track
Launched on 19 April, the VRS offensive faced determined resistance from the ARBiH and the HVO and had bogged down by the end of the month. In early May, the HV launched a successful offensive, codenamed Operation Flash, against a RSK held part of western	western	ADJ	Slavonia	PROPN	 Slavonia
Three weeks later, on 29 November 2001, Harrison died at a friend's home in Los Angeles, aged 58. He was cremated at Hollywood Forever Cemetery, his funeral was held at the Self Realization Fellowship Lake Shrine in the Pacific Palisades, California, and	and	CCONJ	his	PRON	 his
The ride has been very well received, consistently ranking highly in industry polls. In 1990, Alton Towers added the Thunder Looper roller coaster; the addition was only temporary due to planning restrictions imposed on its installation. The park began planning for a new roller coaster	coaster	NOUN	which	PRON	 which
He was included in a try out with four others, rehearsed with the band, they then cut it down to two, and rehearsed with Sheena for the final cut. Joseph anticipated they would ask him to do a solo on at least one of the songs	songs	NOUN	he	PRON	 he
Gravel ended the session by, with no other senators present, establishing unanimous consent to insert 4,100 pages of the Papers into the Congressional Record of his subcommittee. The following day, the Supreme Court's New York Times Co. v. United States decision ruled in favor of	of	ADP	the	DET	 the
Collins adopted a more humorous rapport with the audience, unlike Gabriel's theatrical approach, which was successful. The shows in Glasgow and Stafford were filmed for their concert film Genesis: In Concert, released in cinemas in February 1977 as a double bill with White Rock	Rock	PROPN	.	PUNCT	.
He became well known in London society after he went to live at the London Hospital. Merrick was born in Leicester, and began to develop abnormally during the first few years of his life. His skin appeared thick and lumpy, he developed enlarged lips, and	and	CCONJ	a	DET	 a
Discussion to expand the flight services provided by WestJet Encore from Penticton continue. On December 22, 1950, a Douglas C 47 aircraft operated by Canadian Pacific Air Lines from Vancouver crashed into Okanagan Mountain, some 26 kilometres (16 mi) north of Penticton. Later	Later	ADV	investigation	NOUN	 investigation
Waddle decided to continue with the mission without attempting to repair the monitor, believing that it was not a crucial piece of equipment. Greeneville departed Pearl Harbor on time at 08: 00 local time (HST) with a crew of 106 in addition to the 16	16	NUM	DV	PROPN	 DV
Also in 1999, the ballroom dance scene of Final Fantasy VIII was featured as a technical demo for the PlayStation 2. In 2000, a PC version was released for Windows. This port featured smoother graphics, enhanced audio, and the inclusion of Chocobo World,	,	PUNCT	a	DET	 a
Korketrekkeren was originally part of Frognerseterveien, a road which ran up to Frognerseteren. It was completed in 1867 to the orders of landlord Thomas Johannessen Heftye, who had been purchasing forest properties in the area. The section between Svendstuen and Frognerseteren gradually became known as Korktrekkeren	Korktrekkeren	PROPN	.	PUNCT	.
Despite the surge, film scholar Andrew Higson and others argue that there is little evidence that the various producers — who were employed by different companies — communicated when conceiving their adaptations. The idea for a film version of the 1817 Austen novel Persuasion began with the English	English	ADJ	producer	NOUN	 producer
Globably 3.1 per 100,000 people are affected and females are more likely to be affected than males. The age ranges anywhere from 5 – 70 years old, but the average age is 35 and cases have been reported with children that are still in infancy. Solar urticaria	urticaria	NOUN	accounts	VERB	 accounts
The ships were designed to carry 650 t (640 long tons) of coal for the boilers, though additional spaces in the hull allowed for up to 1,050 t (1,030 long tons). This enabled a maximum range of 4,300 nautical miles (8,000 km;	;	PUNCT	4,900	NUM	 4,900
Standards which today explicitly refer to the triple bottom line include Rainforest Alliance, Fairtrade and UTZ Certified. Some sustainability experts and practitioners have illustrated four pillars of sustainability, or a quadruple bottom line. One such pillar is future generations, which emphasizes the long term thinking	thinking	NOUN	associated	VERB	 associated
Players may hold more than one non FIFA nationality. Note: Flags indicate national team as defined under FIFA eligibility rules. Players may hold more than one non FIFA nationality. These 10 players were voted for by fans as part of a campaign with the Evening Gazette	Gazette	PROPN	.	PUNCT	.
I felt loved, appreciated, respected and wanted and most of all the interest in football really grew immensely. " Pakistan ultimately reached the semi finals before losing out to Bangladesh 1 – 0. Rehman was named in the Pakistan squad for the 2010 World Cup qualifying	qualifying	VERB	matches	NOUN	 matches
Despite Theodore's actions and the overthrow of his daughter and son in law, Akropolites reports that John Asen remained favourably disposed towards Theodore due to his passionate love for Irene. Manuel did not remain quiescent in exile; determined to avenge himself, from Attaleia he secured	secured	VERB	passage	NOUN	 passage
The action resulted in the capture of two Spanish mortar boats but achieved little else. A second bombardment was decided upon and on the night of 5 July, Emerald, in the company of Terpsichore and the 74 gun Theseus, provided an escort and protection for three	three	NUM	bomb	NOUN	 bomb
The Hustler had its world premiere in Washington, D.C. on September 25, 1961. Prior to the premiere, Richard Burton hosted a midnight screening of the film for the casts of the season's Broadway shows, which generated a great deal of positive word of mouth	mouth	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
In fiscal year 2012, over one million immigrants (most of whom entered through family reunification) were granted legal residence. Mexico has been the leading source of new residents since the 1965 Immigration Act. China, India, and the Philippines have been in the top	top	ADJ	four	NUM	 four
Other deities installed were of Maitreya (5 metres (16 ft) height and gilded) flanked by statues of two lions, Dalai Lamas V, VII and XII, Tsongkhapa (with his favourite disciples), Chokyi Gyeltsen, Desi Sangye Gyatso and many more.	.	PUNCT	The	DET	 The
The hasty departure from Manchester degenerated into chaos. Mechanical failures and a lack of space to turn the locomotives meant that the seven trains on the northern track were unable to get out of the station. Only three carriages — the Duke's among them — managed to	to	PART	leave	VERB	 leave
A petition organised by the campaign group Save The Car Park collected over 7,000 signatures in favour of keeping the car park open. The group said that the closure of the car park would discourage shoppers from coming to the High Street and raised issues over the loss of	of	ADP	shopowners	NOUN	 shopowners
As of 2002, Azerbaijan had 95,000 active personnel in its armed forces. There are also 17,000 paramilitary troops. The armed forces have three branches: the Land Forces, the Air Forces and the Navy. Additionally the armed forces embrace several military sub groups that can	can	AUX	be	AUX	 be
Rapid transitions and simultaneous button presses were included to add difficulty to the gameplay and compensate for the missing buttons. In June 2009, it was announced that Glu Mobile would be developing versions of several Activision titles, including Guitar Hero 5, Modern Warfare 2, and	and	CCONJ	Tony	PROPN	 Tony
In response, the CBFC said cited a rule issued by the Bombay High Court, noting that it was mandatory for the AWBI to provide an NOC to films which used animals. This led to the initial postponement of the film's release until 9 June. On	On	ADP	13	NUM	 13
He applauded Lopez for moving on from her previous lack of commercial success in recent years. Kim Dawson, an editor for the UK daily newspaper Daily Star, also praised the video for returning Lopez to her " day job " (as a performer) despite being	being	AUX	everyone	PRON	 everyone
He served in this role for six years before poor health saw him take a less demanding role at the Geelong Racing Club. Hill married Florence " Florrie " Hart, granddaughter of William Hart M.L.C. in Tasmania in 1905. The couple settled in Adelaide and raised two	two	NUM	daughters	NOUN	 daughters
The Iron Age provides numerous substantial building remains. In the 1970s excavations at Quanterness, near the site of the Neolithic chambered tomb, revealed an Atlantic roundhouse. This was built about 700 BC using stone stripped from the older building that had fallen into disuse some two	two	NUM	millennia	NOUN	 millennia
He offers her and Glinda everything they've ever wanted if they will help him, but Elphaba is unable to comply. She runs away, and in order to prevent the truth from getting out, Madame Morrible spreads reports that Elphaba is " wicked, " not	not	PART	to	PART	 to
Despite this, " town and gown " relations between the university communities and other Georgetown residents are often strained by facilities construction, enlargement of the student body, as well as noise and alcohol violations. More recently, several groups of neighborhood residents have attempted to slow	slow	VERB	University	PROPN	 University
With Ken Scott serving as engineer, he recorded two takes of " All Things Must Pass ", adding extra electric guitar onto the second. This version was eventually released in 1996 on the Beatles ' outtake collection Anthology 3. Soon after Harrison had begun talking publicly	publicly	ADV	about	ADP	 about
900), usually surnamed the Elder to distinguish him from his grandson, Emperor Nikephoros II Phokas, was one of the most prominent Byzantine generals of the late 9th century, and the first important member of the Phokas family. As a youth he was taken into	into	ADP	the	DET	 the
Located in the village of Hanley Castle, 1.4 miles (2.2 km) from the small town of Upton upon Severn, Worcestershire, for much of the 20th century it was a selective boys grammar school that grew from about 50 to around 200 day pupils and boarders	boarders	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
Jodie Foster had declined to reprise the role, and director Ridley Scott eventually cast Moore, over Angelina Jolie, Cate Blanchett, Gillian Anderson and Helen Hunt. The change in actress received considerable attention from the press, but Moore claimed she was not interested in upstaging	upstaging	VERB	Foster	PROPN	 Foster
He shared editorial responsibilities with several other editors including Timothy Lord, Patrick " Scuttlemonkey " McGarry, Jeff " Soulskill " Boehm, Rob " Samzenpus " Rozeboom, and Keith Dawson. Jonathan " cowboyneal " Pater is another popular editor of Slashdot, who came to work	work	NOUN	for	ADP	 for
Two days later an extended trailer was released, " devoted to expository dialogue, setting up the characters and establishing the pecking order ". " Pilot " was then screened at San Diego Comic Con on July 19, 2013, and was met with a very positive	positive	ADJ	reaction	NOUN	 reaction
Zeta dissipated on January 6, 2006, having become the longest lived January tropical cyclone in Atlantic basin history. The storms of the season were extraordinarily damaging and were responsible for significant loss of life. Total damage is estimated to be about $159.2 billion (2005	2005	NUM	US	PROPN	 US
Co executive producer Joe Chappelle served as episode director. Miller later noted that unlike other episode scenes such as in " Grey Matters ", Walter's breakdown at the supermarket " came largely out of nowhere. It was a thought experiment that took on a life of	of	ADP	its	PRON	 its
William Amherst was the able diplomat chosen for the job and Amherst, in turn, specifically requested Maxwell and the frigate Alceste. Therefore, in 1816, Alceste was recommissioned under Captain Maxwell again, whose previous ship HMS Daedalus had been wrecked in 1813. The journey	journey	NOUN	out	ADV	 out
The Batavian government immediately ordered an expeditionary force to sail to the Cape and recapture the colony. This force comprised two ships of the line and five smaller vessels, all under the command of Rear Admiral Engelbertus Lucas. Security regarding the plans was weak and the British	British	PROPN	knew	VERB	 knew
The other end contains an exposed phosphate group; this is the 5 ' end. The two strands of a double helix run in opposite directions. Nucleic acid synthesis, including DNA replication and transcription occurs in the 5 ' → 3 ' direction, because new nucleotides	nucleotides	NOUN	are	AUX	 are
The pair put on 58 from only 37 balls before Poulton was caught from the first ball of the eighth over. Australia collapsed and lost 6 / 16 including the last four wickets for four runs to be all out for 155 with three balls unused, before completing	completing	VERB	a	DET	 a
" The author Jim Butcher uses the coins in his Dresden Files series, in which each coin is the focal point of a fallen angel. This group of angels is known as the Order of the Blackened Denarius, or the Denarians. The popular Belgian comic book	book	NOUN	series	NOUN	 series
Stein and Co., the winning realtor, sought Skidmore, Owings and Merrill as designers for the purpose of distinguishing a proposal from the nearby Willis Tower. AT & T employees began to occupy the office space April 3, 1989. The building was built under a	a	DET	self	NOUN	 self
You can get really almost expected. Everybody's probably expecting narrative type of video, a love story of some sorts or something really soft and pretty " and then says, " It is pretty and kind of soft, but it's really a little demented.	.	PUNCT	"	PUNCT	 "
On November 30, 2012, Big Bang received a total of three awards at the 14th Mnet Asian Music Awards, including Best Male Group and Artist of the Year. G Dragon also took home Best Male Solo award at the event. They also received the Best	Best	PROPN	Fan	PROPN	 Fan
In 1975 Pink Floyd bought a three story block of church halls at 35 Britannia Row in Islington, north London. Their deal with record company EMI, for unlimited studio time in return for a reduced percentage of sales, had expired, and they converted the building	building	NOUN	into	ADP	 into
No. 78 Wing attacked Japanese airfields in the Vogelkop Peninsula throughout September, and No. 78 Squadron flew 363 sorties against these targets. The squadron also struck airfields on the Bomberai Peninsula as well as Japanese shipping in the easternmost islands of the Netherlands East Indies (	(	PUNCT	NEI	PROPN	NEI
" He argues that the series adheres more closely to cultural norms by drawing on the " Cold War cult of the secret agent whose skills defend the home from enemies unknown ", noting Lady Penelope's role as a spy in addition to two episodes (" 30	30	NUM	Minutes	PROPN	 Minutes
More than one year after the album's release, " Video Phone " was released as the eighth single from I Am... Sasha Fierce with a music video and digital download release, taking form as an extended remix featuring American recording artist, Lady Gaga. Like	Like	ADP	its	PRON	 its
The collapsibles were stored upside down with the sides folded in, and would have to be erected and moved to the davits for launching. Two were stored under the wooden boats and the other two were lashed atop the officers ' quarters. The position of the latter	latter	NOUN	would	AUX	 would
Once a basis of V is chosen, linear maps f: V → W are completely determined by specifying the images of the basis vectors, because any element of V is expressed uniquely as a linear combination of them. If dim V = dim W, a	a	DET	1	NUM	 1
In 1610 he was able to replace that position with one much closer to home, and became rector of Saint Margaret's, on New Fish Street, only a short walk from Saint Martin in the Vintry. While all seemed to be going well, Marbury died	died	VERB	unexpectedly	ADV	 unexpectedly
The ability to use several CPU cores simultaneously allows completing the full simulation far faster. Working together, these CPU cores complete single work units proportionately faster than the standard uniprocessor client. This approach is scientifically valuable because it enables much longer simulation trajectories to be performed in	in	ADP	the	DET	 the
When Sir Daniel Levy retired from parliament, Weaver was elected as the Speaker of the Legislative Assembly on 4 August 1937. In 1938, he was cleared by a judicial inquiry, chaired by Sir Percival Halse Rogers, into Jack Lang's allegations of fraud and corruption	corruption	NOUN	in	ADP	 in
Woodland occupied 63,366 hectares (156,580 acres) and 10,126 hectares (25,020 acres) was unclassified land. In addition, there were 180,305 hectares (445,540 acres) of common rough grazing, giving a total area of all the land used for agriculture purposes, including common	common	ADJ	land	NOUN	 land
Humphreys Peak, the highest point in Arizona at 12,633 feet (3,851 m), is located about 10 miles (16 km) north of Flagstaff in Kachina Peaks Wilderness. Flagstaff's early economy was based on the lumber, railroad, and ranching industries. Today	Today	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
Juan Perón later claimed in his memoir that he purposefully selected Eva as his pupil, and set out to create in her a " second I. " Fraser and Navarro, however, suggest that Juan Perón allowed Eva Duarte such intimate exposure and knowledge of his inner circle	circle	NOUN	because	SCONJ	 because
He would establish himself as the leader of the team and became captain in 1948. Although not the best skater in the league, Kennedy was a fierce fore checker and skilled playmaker. Kennedy would be a perfect fit into coach Hap Day's emphasis on defense and	and	CCONJ	positional	ADJ	 positional
The middle tier is split into front and rear sections, while the enclosure is split into east and west sections, either side of the retractable tunnel cover. Opposite the Bill Struth Main Stand is the Sandy Jardine Stand formerly known as the Govan Stand. It is	is	AUX	a	DET	 a
After stating reasons for separation and turning down opinions against it he closed his speech with a " war cry " to join and burn the map of India on 5 June. Periyar was sentenced to six months imprisonment for burning the Indian constitution. Advocacy of such a	a	DET	nation	NOUN	 nation
After some indecision, Hay, who did not think he could decline and still remain as ambassador, accepted. British response to Hay's promotion was generally positive, and Queen Victoria, after he took formal leave of her at Osborne House, invited him again the	the	DET	following	VERB	 following
Wellek and Warren note the importance of identifying forgeries, a task which can be completed in numerous ways: paleography, bibliography, linguistics, and history may all be involved. These forgeries may spark further investigation and literary debates which can result in a better understanding of	of	ADP	the	DET	 the
A number of feather mites have been recorded in the genus Regulus; these mites live on fungi growing on the feathers. The fungi found on the plumage may feed on the keratin of the outer feathers or on feather oil. The goldcrest has a large range,	,	PUNCT	estimated	VERB	 estimated
However, their unusual delayed reproduction made breeding difficult. When pelt prices fell in the late 1940s, most fisher farming ended. While fishers usually avoid human contact, encroachments into forest habitats have resulted in some conflicts. There are anecdotal reports of fishers attacking pets and	and	CCONJ	,	PUNCT	,
We took a very different approach. We tried to sell things by making people laugh. " The first seven second commercial for Wilkins was an immediate hit and was syndicated and re shot by Henson for local coffee companies across the United States; he ultimately produced more	more	ADJ	than	ADP	 than
The second volume of the Himekuri CD series, based on To Heart 2, was released on December 5, 2007, while the fourth volume, based on Another Days, was released on June 4, 2008. According to a weekly sales ranking conducted by Media	Media	PROPN	Create	PROPN	 Create
At that time he was also second in OPS (.914), fourth in slugging percentage (.525), fifth in on base percentage (.389), tied for sixth in RBIs (50), tied for seventh in hits (90), twelfth in	in	ADP	average	ADJ	 average
He continued to object to such dialogue in revised scripts, and to a planned shot of the Monster rushing through a graveyard to a figure of a crucified Jesus and attempting to " rescue " the figure from the cross. Breen also objected to the number of murders	murders	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
According to the Nielsen ratings system, " The Funcooker " was watched by 6.4 million households in its original American broadcast. It earned a 3.9 rating / 6 share in the 18 – 49 demographic. This means that it was seen by 3.9% of all 18-	18-	NUM	to	PART	 to
The A Class locomotives were now 70 years old, and the track itself was poorly maintained. Trains, once again, were regularly derailing on the line. Frank Pick, Managing Director of the Underground Group from 1928 and the Chief Executive of the LPTB, aimed	aimed	VERB	to	PART	 to
The orientation of the shoulder's articular surface also indicates a vertical and not horizontal upper arm in dinosaurs. Large thin flat mineralized plates have been found next to the ribs ' sides. Their function is unknown; they may have played a role in respiration. However	However	ADV	,	PUNCT	,
And we showed it from the time we unloaded to qualifying, practice, we were one of the fastest cars here. That ’ s what it takes to run at this level, to be a part of that Chase, if we can go and continue to	to	PART	have	VERB	 have
In Texas, effects of the storm were much less severe, but the storm still caused $8 million in damages, primarily as a result of strong winds. Further inland, the weakening hurricane spawned tornadoes and caused additional flooding in conjunction with a frontal boundary.	.	PUNCT	The	DET	 The
Despite having signed a four year contract with the club in 2006, Drogba reportedly pointed out several favoured clubs in the interview, identifying Barcelona, Real Madrid, Milan or Internazionale as possible future destinations, he later admitted he regretted this and was 100% committed to	to	ADP	Chelsea	PROPN	 Chelsea
The song premiered on October 29, 2008, on a YouTube stream. Originally, " Psychopathy Red " was going to be a b side of World Painted Blood, but after there was access to it on the internet, they decided to add it to the	the	DET	album	NOUN	 album
" At the 14th Webby Awards in 2010, Jake and Amir won a People's Voice award for Comedy: Long Form or Series, and Blumenfeld won one for Best Individual Performance. PC Magazine again featured Jake and Amir in 2011, when it listed the series	series	NOUN	as	ADP	 as
Martin concludes the review by warning the readers that " [if] this is your first exposure to the franchise, look to the anime version to see it done right. " When reviewing the anime, Martin thought the first Shakugan no Shana always manages to slightly	slightly	ADV	exceed	VERB	 exceed
A few days after the conclusion of the Players ' Championship, Martin's longtime third, John Morris, announced that he and Martin were parting ways. A few weeks after Morris announced his departure from the team, Martin announced that David Nedohin, the fourth player	player	NOUN	on	ADP	 on
After these fans discovered Comic Market, the term was used as a self confirming and self mocking collective identity. The 1989 " Otaku Murderer " case gave a negative connotation to the fandom from which it has not fully recovered. The usage of " (interest)	)	PUNCT	otaku	PROPN	 otaku
A design team was formed in 1946 under the leadership of chief designer Ronald Bishop, who had been responsible for the Mosquito fighter bomber. A number of unorthodox configurations were considered, ranging from canard to tailless designs; all were subsequently rejected. The Ministry of Supply	Supply	PROPN	was	AUX	 was
He scored 50 in 18 minutes and reached 86 in under an hour, to avert his side's follow on. In Middlesex's second innings, Constantine took seven for 57 in a spell of extremely fast bowling and the county were dismissed for 136. The West	West	PROPN	Indies	PROPN	 Indies
Martin Lewis — previously Taylor's assistant — created the Official Brian Epstein Website, which included a petition that Epstein be inducted into the Hall of Fame. Lewis also organised the 1998 re publication, in the US, of Epstein's 1964 autobiography, A Cellarful of	of	ADP	Noise	PROPN	 Noise
I assure you that I felt great difficulty in writing to him for his birthday, but I wrote it as short and cool as I could consistently with civility ". " Dear Uncle Ernest does us all a great deal of harm by his odd ways and uncontrollable	uncontrollable	ADJ	tongue	NOUN	 tongue
It was a view that was seldom heard in polemics giving two preceding versions of events but that had a life of its own, given to it by the immigrants. In the 1980s, a schism arose within the post Zionism movement, and the history of the	the	DET	battle	NOUN	 battle
The episode's casting and plot initially proved controversial when in early 2001, Hispanic activists complained about the often negative portrayal of Latinos on television, particularly in the Law & Order episode " Sunday in the Park with Jorge ". In turn, the major broadcasters signed	signed	VERB	agreements	NOUN	 agreements
In May, he moved the first reading of the Obscene Publications Bill, which passed with support from both sides of the house. Privately, Birkett believed that " there will never be a satisfactory law in England about obscenity. Our 1959 Act is the best we	we	PRON	have	AUX	 have
Lawrence was sufficiently impressed to commence his own research into uranium. He in turn spoke to James B. Conant, Arthur H. Compton and George B. Pegram. Oliphant's mission was therefore a success; key American physicists were now aware of the potential power of an atomic	atomic	ADJ	bomb	NOUN	 bomb
The single player Career mode allows the player to follow the history of the band through several real world inspired venues, interspersed with interviews from the band members about their past. Aerosmith re recorded four songs for this game, and have participated in a motion capture session	session	NOUN	to	PART	 to
Patton delivered the speech extemporaneously, without notes of his own, and so though it was substantially the same at each occurrence, the order of some of its parts varied. One notable difference occurred in the speech he delivered on 31 May 1944, while addressing the	the	DET	U.S.	PROPN	 U.S.
In October 2008 the band toured in Australia with Slipknot. The band then toured Europe with Slipknot and Children of Bodom in November and December. The band recorded a version of Iron Maiden's classic, " Hallowed Be Thy Name " for a Kerrang! tribute compilation	compilation	NOUN	album	NOUN	 album
Returning to film, he appeared in Zack Snyder's action fantasy movie Sucker Punch (2011), as the character High Roller, and the doctor. He also had a supporting role in the comedy Bridesmaids as Kristen Wiig's " rude and arrogant sex buddy "	"	PUNCT	.	PUNCT	.
On October 7, 1826, the Ottoman Empire — anxious to prevent Russia's intervention in the Greek Independence War — negotiatied with it a new status for the region in Akkerman, one which conceded to several requests of the inhabitants: the resulting Akkerman Convention was the	the	DET	first	ADJ	 first
Most streets outside the area between Broadway and Colorado Boulevard are organized alphabetically from the city's center. Many Denver streets have bicycle lanes, and there are over 850 miles of paved, off road, bike paths in Denver parks and along bodies of water, like	like	ADP	Cherry	PROPN	 Cherry
The hook of " Dr. Feel Good " was written by Bruno Mars, and upon hearing Mars sing it, McCoy decided that Cee Lo Green would be a good candidate to sing the hook, as McCoy had idolized Green since his teenage years after listening to him	him	PRON	on	ADP	 on
In the 10 years following a VTE, approximately a third of individuals will have a recurrent episode. About 1 in 1000 adults per year has DVT, but as of 2011, available data is dominated by North American and European populations. VTE is rare in children	children	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
His remains were reinterred in the Monument to the Independence of Brazil, along with those of Maria Leopoldina and Amélie, in the city of São Paulo. Years later, Neill Macaulay said that " [c] riticism of Dom Pedro was freely expressed and often vehement	vehement	ADJ	;	PUNCT	;
In the 1830s Libri published an unconvincing argument for <formula>, and Möbius sided with him, erroneously claiming that <formula> whenever <formula>. A commentator who signed his name simply as " S " provided the counterexample of <formula>, and	and	CCONJ	this	PRON	 this
Pennington was quoted as saying " Let us be on our guard when our convention men are chosen that they be men opposed to slavery ". They succeeded in their goal and a ban was placed in the new constitution. But, persons already held in bondage stayed	stayed	VERB	in	ADP	 in
Bakshi began writing the screenplay for Hey Good Lookin ' while editing Coonskin, and storyboarding a proposed series for ABC. The characters of Vinnie and Crazy Shapiro were based upon Bakshi's high school friends, Norman Darrer and Allen Schechterman. Warner Bros. had previously agreed to	to	PART	distribute	VERB	 distribute
Mizdow entered at number 21, where Miz tried to take Mizdow's spot, only for Roman Reigns to push him off the apron, allowing Mizdow to enter before quickly being eliminated by Rusev. On the February 9 episode of Raw, Miz fired Mizdow as his	his	PRON	stunt	NOUN	 stunt
Modjeska was influential in the family, and she insisted that all three children be baptized into the Catholic Church. In 1884 the family traveled to London as part of Augustin Daly's theatrical company, returning to the US two years later. As a child, Barrymore	Barrymore	PROPN	was	AUX	 was
If he refuses, he is teleported to a map full of enemies, and the game ends. Valve, based in Kirkland, Washington, was founded in 1996 by former Microsoft employees Mike Harrington and Gabe Newell. For its first product, Valve settled on a	a	DET	concept	NOUN	 concept
Hartley, Ritchson, and Young stated that they felt sorry for Gallner for having to wear a costume that they believed " sucked ". The group described Gallner's costume as something his mom might have made with " some cotton fabric and a Magic Marker ".	.	PUNCT	In	ADP	 In
She was powered by Parsons geared steam turbines, driving two shafts, which gave a maximum speed of 16.5 knots (30.6 km / h; 19.0 mph). The ship mounted one single 4 inch Mk XIX gun. Algerine had four single mounts for 20 millimetre	millimetre	NOUN	(	PUNCT	 (
Their blackish bill is yellow tipped, and the gape is yellow. Their eyes are brownish, but turn yellow early. The exact timing is unknown but likely to be around four months of age. Unlike that of the pied currawong, the grey currawong's call	call	NOUN	does	AUX	 does
The species was newly reported from Mexico in 2001. The fruit bodies of Boletus curtisii contain a unique series of derivatives of the molecule canthin 6 one. Before this discovery, canthin 6 one alkaloids were only known from higher plants. Among the canthin 6 one derivatives	derivatives	NOUN	are	AUX	 are
The ship was completed in April 1943 as Liberty ship SS Stanford White. When selected for conversion to a hospital ship, she was originally assigned the name USAHS Poppy, but never operated under that name. After being decommissioned as a hospital ship, she became U.S.	U.S.	PROPN	Army	PROPN	 Army
Its skull was similar to that of M. globiceps, but had a broader snout and was more robust, particularly in its sagittal and nuchal crests (ridges on the skull for muscle attachments) and massive zygomatic arches (cheekbones). Its skull length averaged 98 mm	mm	NOUN	(	PUNCT	 (
Sinatra grew discontented at Capitol, and fell into a feud with Alan Livingston, which lasted over six months. He decided to part with Riddle, May and Jenkins, to form his own label, Reprise Records. Under Sinatra the company developed into a music industry	industry	NOUN	"	PUNCT	 "
In the following four weeks, the single dropped in the chart, then jumped from number 21 to number three on 3 April 2005, selling 14,701 units that week, through the releases of the CD maxi and vinyl. Then, the song started to fall again	again	ADV	off	ADP	 off
Menendez approached Sestak again, this time asking him not to run against Specter, but Sestak did not agree to back down. Later, when asked by Fox News, Sestak insisted he had not decided whether he would run for the office, but declined to immediately	immediately	ADV	endorse	VERB	 endorse
The secondary battery consisted of ten 6 inch (152 mm) quick firing guns, four mounted in casemates on the sides of the hull and six mounted on the upper deck, protected by gun shields. A number of smaller guns were carried for defence against torpedo	torpedo	NOUN	boats	NOUN	 boats
The next day, the UFA began debate on a resolution that read Resolved that a system of social credit as outlined by William Aberhart, Calgary, be put in as a plank in the UFA provincial platform to be brought before the electorate at the next provincial election	election	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
She claimed that several sexist policies in place, such as entertaining clients at strip clubs, made it difficult for women to socialize and foster business contacts with clients. The jury found that UBS had destroyed relevant e mail evidence after the litigation hold had been in place	place	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
The committee was chaired by Philip N. Diehl, a role that did not include a vote on the designs. They met in Philadelphia in June 1998, listening to seventeen concepts submitted by members of the public, and reviewing many more suggestions received by telephone, mail	mail	NOUN	and	CCONJ	 and
" The music video for " No Me Ames " was directed by Kevin Bray in Los Angeles, California, the day after she shot the music video for " If You Had My Love ". The video features Lopez and Anthony as two lovers. Anthony dies	dies	VERB	of	ADP	 of
Malek Akkad was approached by Devil's Due Publishing with the possibility of producing a line of Halloween comics, and he and Hutchinson worked to make them a reality. Hutchinson was convinced by the strong support of One Good Scare that the comic books would have an audience	audience	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
The MPC meets twelve times a year: eight meetings spread throughout the year, plus four joint meetings with the Financial Policy Committee. After a half day " pre MPC meeting ", usually the Wednesday before, meetings are held over three days, typically a Thursday	Thursday	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
The outer layer of the stem usually has a tough cuticle, reinforced with waxy layers, which reduce water loss. These layers are responsible for the grayish or bluish tinge to the stem color of many cacti. The stems of most cacti have adaptations to allow them	them	PRON	to	PART	 to
8701 was recorded in the United States, in the cities of Los Angeles, New York, Minneapolis and Atlanta. The album's production was handled by several producers including The Neptunes, Jermaine Dupri, P. Diddy — who had produced the majority of Usher's previous	previous	ADJ	album	NOUN	 album
Here's Judy. " And she came out and that place went crazy. And she just blossomed. Eight appearances during the 1950 – 1951 season of The Bing Crosby – Chesterfield Show immediately reinvigorated her career. Soon after, she toured for four months to sellout	sellout	VERB	crowds	NOUN	 crowds
After their arrival in the United Kingdom, the battalion was transported by rail to the south of England where it set up a camp at Lopcombe Corner, on Salisbury Plain in Wiltshire. Amidst the backdrop of the Battle of Britain, the battalion's personnel used their	their	PRON	integral	ADJ	 integral
Veà highlighted that “ although this situation revealed up to what point individuals have the capacity for adaption, in some cases, undernourishment can lead to health problems that would make the population inviable ”. Results can be compared to humans who “ do not always eat everything	everything	PRON	which	PRON	 which
The " 3000 " 12 inch also featured the " Automator 1.2 Remix ", " Bear Witness (Automator's Two Turntables and a Razor Blade Re Edit) ", and " Tricknology 101 ". The " Blue Flowers " 12 inch single release featured the original	original	ADJ	and	CCONJ	 and
The many thorns on its back and tail serve to distinguish it from other stingrays that share its range. Often found lying on the bottom buried in sediment, the roughtail stingray is a generalist predator that feeds on a variety of benthic invertebrates and bony fishes. It	It	PRON	is	AUX	 is
The sibling aliens Kang and Kodos first appeared on the show on this episode. Every Treehouse of Horror episode since this one must have Kang and Kodos as characters, states an unofficial Simpsons rule. Despite this rule, the writers say the duo will often be forgotten	forgotten	VERB	and	CCONJ	 and
Malcolm's father Duncan I became king in late 1034, on the death of Malcolm II, Duncan's maternal grandfather and Malcolm's great grandfather. According to John of Fordun, whose account is the original source of part at least of William Shakespeare's Macbeth,	,	PUNCT	Malcolm	PROPN	 Malcolm
Bristol became a city in 1542 and trade across the Atlantic developed. The city was captured by Royalist troops and then recaptured for Parliament during the English Civil War. During the 17th and 18th centuries the transatlantic slave trade and the Industrial Revolution brought further prosperity. Edmund	Edmund	PROPN	Burke	PROPN	 Burke
To this end, the physician Zhang Zhongjing (c. 150 – c. 219 AD) prescribed regulated diets rich in certain foods that were thought to cure specific illnesses. These are now known to be nutrition disorders caused by the lack of certain vitamins consumed in one's	's	PART	diet	NOUN	 diet
This class is armed with either an M1 carbine or Mauser M712 to defend themselves with when moving. Day of Defeat: Source was first announced for Microsoft Windows during the development of Half Life 2, the flagship game of the Source engine, as one of several	several	ADJ	of	ADP	 of
The heaviest fallout contamination outside the restricted test area was 30 miles (48 km) from the detonation point, on Chupadera Mesa. The fallout there was reported to have settled in a white mist onto some of the livestock in the area, resulting in local beta	beta	NOUN	burns	NOUN	 burns
I mentioned to him that I smoked marijuana, and he was just appalled. He said, ' Don't ever do that again. ' " Presley was not only deeply opposed to recreational drugs, he also rarely drank. Several of his family members had been	been	AUX	alcoholics	NOUN	 alcoholics
She turned down the role of Blanche DuBois in A Streetcar Named Desire, later explaining that becoming a mother was a " transforming experience " and that she could not relate to the character. In 1950 her family moved to New York City, where she began rehearsals	rehearsals	NOUN	for	ADP	 for
However, Comet Kohoutek in 1973 fulfilled all the criteria and was expected to become spectacular but failed to do so. Comet West, which appeared three years later, had much lower expectations but became an extremely impressive comet. The late 20th century saw a lengthy gap	gap	NOUN	without	ADP	 without
He was evacuated to England for treatment and after recuperating, commanded the New Zealand Rifle Brigade's training camp in Brocton, Staffordshire. However, his wounds were such that he was eventually repatriated to New Zealand at the end of the war. Shortly after Puttick's	's	PART	return	NOUN	 return
Number 70000 was originally selected to represent the class in the embryonic form of the future National Railway Museum, but she was ultimately rejected due to the poor mechanical condition the locomotive was in. As a result, 70013 was eventually selected to represent the class for the	the	DET	benefit	NOUN	 benefit
The Islamic rites performed during the festival include the recitation of Quaranic verses and observance of Fatiha (it includes; recitation of Al Fatiha an essential part of daily prayer and Durood). The main attraction of the festival is the presence of Fakhir Jamas (mendicant priests	priests	NOUN	)	PUNCT	)
Fawkes, who had 10 years of military experience fighting in the Spanish Netherlands in suppression of the Dutch Revolt, was given charge of the explosives. The plot was revealed to the authorities in an anonymous letter sent to William Parker, 4th Baron Monteagle, on 26	26	NUM	October	PROPN	 October
These gardens attract about 150 million visitors a year, so it is hardly surprising that many people gained their first exciting introduction to the wonders of the plant world in a botanical garden. Historically, botanical gardens exchanged plants through the publication of seed lists (these were	were	AUX	called	VERB	 called
The crew were sent to collect wood and water, while Banks and his team gathered hundreds of plant specimens from along the icy shore. On 17 January two of Banks ' servants died from cold while attempting to return to the ship during a heavy snowstorm. Endeavour	Endeavour	PROPN	resumed	VERB	 resumed
The Q ship was recognised by the captain of the U boat, who had been warned by the survivors of U 93 and did not approach the Prize too closely. Instead, it remained submerged and fired two torpedoes into the sailing ship, blowing her to pieces	pieces	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
Another influence on him was the occultist and novelist Joséphin Péladan, whose Rosicrucian salon he attended several times. Bogdan Pitești debuted as a writer and political essayist. It was later reported, but not confirmed, that he published his pieces in newspapers and magazines of diverse	diverse	ADJ	backgrounds	NOUN	 backgrounds
The carnival featured a large ice palace, which in 1917 was built by World War I internees. Carnival events included cross country skiing, ski jumping, curling, snowshoe, and skijoring. In the 1930s, the first downhill ski resort, Sunshine Village, was	was	AUX	developed	VERB	 developed
Tucker assists Erickson with the test, but is brushed aside when he seeks to learn more about the technology. Following a successful trial run, which sets a new record for the longest transport ever conducted, Tucker confides in Archer that many of the upgrades and modifications	modifications	NOUN	to	ADP	 to
Her father, Juan Ignacio Ezcurra, did not approve of their relationship because of the bankruptcy of Domingo Belgrano, Manuel's father. Juan Ignacio arranged the wedding of his daughter with Juan Esteban Ezcurra, a distant relative from Pamplona that worked selling clothes. Juan Ignacio	Ignacio	PROPN	opposed	VERB	 opposed
Dr. J. H. Webb, a Kodak employee, studied the matter and concluded that the contamination must have come from a nuclear explosion somewhere in the United States. He discounted the possibility that the Hiroshima bomb was responsible due to the timing of the events. A hot	hot	ADJ	spot	NOUN	 spot
Japanese reviewers for their part regard the story as a revival of the Class S genre, and specifically a modern day equivalent of Nobuko Yoshiya's Hana Monogatari. Hairston notes that Maria sama ga Miteru emphasizes romance and emotion over sexuality, and it has a respectful treatment	treatment	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
At the crest of the lift hill, the track made a left hand turn over to the first drop, where it dropped 214 feet (65 m) to the ground followed by a 70 degree banked turn to the right. Riders then descended 168 feet (	(	PUNCT	51	NUM	51
A sequel, DJ Hero 2, was officially announced in June 2010 for release in the last quarter of 2010, featuring more than 70 mashups from over 85 artists. The game includes several new gameplay modes, including an " Empire " career mode, head to	to	PART	head	VERB	 head
The process results from the epigenetic activation of some genes and inhibition of others. Unlike animals, many plant cells, particularly those of the parenchyma, do not terminally differentiate, remaining totipotent with the ability to give rise to a new individual plant. Exceptions include highly	highly	ADV	lignified	ADJ	 lignified
Army of Rhin et Moselle expanded its bridgehead in a semicircle. Desaix moved downstream (north), Ferino moved upstream (south) and Saint Cyr operated in the hills, ready to support either wing. The French irruption caused Fröhlich and Condé to retreat up the	the	DET	Rhine	PROPN	 Rhine
Under this combined arms assault Hoghton's brigade lost two thirds of its strength. The Brigadier himself was killed, and as casualties rose its shrinking line could no longer cover the frontage of the attacking column. However, the French were in no condition to press home	home	ADV	their	PRON	 their
Completed in 1917, the building is adjacent to Temple Square, between the Joseph Smith Memorial Building and the Lion House, on South Temple Drive. It differs from the Church Office Building in that it is much smaller and furnishes offices for the First Presidency and the	the	DET	Quorum	PROPN	 Quorum
Their interior defensive linemen are very, very strong and physical, and, really, everybody else is built for speed. Their edge rushers are tremendous, and their linebackers are outstanding and physical. Their defensive backs can all run and hit. It's going to	to	PART	be	AUX	 be
Pokémon can be traded between Colosseum and the Game Boy Advance games Pokémon Ruby, Sapphire, FireRed, LeafGreen, or Emerald. Each of the player's Shadow Pokémon has a purple gauge that is drained by battling and coming to like the player. Once a Pokémon	Pokémon	PROPN	's	PART	's
Nauval Yazid, in a review for The Jakarta Post, wrote that the film was of the " women who suffer continuously " genre, common in Indonesian cinema; he compared the theme to Ponirah Terpidana (Ponirah is Convicted; 1984), starring Hakim and Slamet	Slamet	PROPN	Rahardjo	PROPN	 Rahardjo
Inflammation elsewhere in the body may precipitate encephalopathy through the action of cytokines and bacterial lipopolysaccharide on astrocytes. The diagnosis of hepatic encephalopathy can only be made in the presence of confirmed liver disease (types A and C) or a portosystemic shunt (type B),	,	PUNCT	as	SCONJ	 as
In an interview with Game Music Online, Mike Reagan said that although the composers might have used each other's themes, they did not collaborate with each other. Reagan said the real collaboration came from Clint Bajakian, Senior Music Supervisor at Sony, and his team	team	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
The host city selection took place in Rome, during the 43rd IOC Session. On 28 April 1949, Cortina d'Ampezzo was selected with 75% of the votes, over bids from Montreal, Colorado Springs and Lake Placid. Unfortunately, Bonacossa died on 30 January 1953	1953	NUM	,	PUNCT	,
At 18: 00 on 27 July however, at 47° 00′ N 07° 00′ W in the Bay of Biscay, the frigates were spotted by lookouts on the British ship of the line HMS Mars. Mars was a large and powerful ship, a veteran	veteran	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
Instead of having the ship completely dark save for viewports, Trumbull came up with a system of self illumination; he pictured the ship as something like an oceanliner, " a grand lady of the seas at night ". A similar method was used on the Klingon	Klingon	PROPN	cruiser	NOUN	 cruiser
Morley gave work to the printer Thomas East, and died in 1602. Some publishers ignored Barley's claims, and many music books printed during his later life gave him no recognition. In a deposition of 1598, Barley refers to his age as " xxxiii yeeres	yeeres	NOUN	or	CCONJ	 or
The group was renamed the University of Michigan Men's Glee Club in 1938, in reference to a Women's Glee Club that had gained popularity during the 1930s, and between 1944 and 1948 was briefly known as the University of Michigan Varsity Club. For most of	of	ADP	the	DET	 the
The website's consensus reads, " Marvel's Agents of S.H.I.E.L.D. relaxes into itself during its sophomore season, mitigating the show's growing pains by focusing on characters while amping up narrative thrills. " The third season has a 100% approval rating with an average score	score	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
It was the thirteenth track on the studio album HIStory, but was not released as a single. The song sampled multiple musical compositions and historical audio quotes, all of which were dispersed throughout the track. Early in the track, one even included quotes from an	an	DET	interview	NOUN	 interview
A second 2011 sighting of an Arizona jaguar was reported by a Homeland Security border pilot in June 2011, and conservation researchers sighted two jaguars within 30 miles of the Mexico / U.S. border in 2010. In September 2012, a jaguar was photographed in the Santa Rita	Rita	PROPN	Mountains	PROPN	 Mountains
Gibson comments: " This does not say much for MacLaren as a captain. Indeed, it has always seemed to me a shocking performance, from the choice of the team to the chuck of the bat. " Wickets continued to fall and Tate, the last	last	ADJ	batsman	NOUN	 batsman
Some had boarded up and others stayed open all night with armed guards visible to discourage thieves taking advantage of the strike. Gamblers played dice in open view, and women had their handbags snatched. But the Guard's inexperience at handling crowds resulted in dangerous attempts to	to	PART	assert	VERB	 assert
Using the Unification of Germany as an analogy, it was held that since the flag of the Kingdom of Prussia could not have been imposed on the other German states that would together form the new German Empire of 1871, so too could the German national flag (	(	PUNCT	referring	VERB	referring
Each person gives a sample of DNA, from which millions of genetic variants are read using SNP arrays. If one type of the variant (one allele) is more frequent in people with the disease, the variant is said to be associated with the disease.	.	PUNCT	The	DET	 The
Research by Kiran Gandhi describes architectural management as a set of practical techniques for an architect to successfully operate his practice. The term architectural management has been in use since the 1960s. The evolution of the field of architectural management has not been a smooth affair. Architectural	Architectural	ADJ	practice	NOUN	 practice
Bergfriede, which take their name from the German for a belfry, had similarities to keeps, but are usually distinguished from them on account of Bergfriede having a smaller area or footprint, usually being non residential and being typically integrated into the outer defences of a castle	castle	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
Ellis remarks that " to try to make the facts as we know them conform to the ' rogue shark ' theory is stretching sensationalism and credibility beyond reasonable limits. " He admits, " The evidence is long gone, and we will never really know if it	it	PRON	was	AUX	 was
He commented that the other artists attempted to create their designs with respect to the previous work, but he decided otherwise by attempting to " shape a new image " for the designs. The illustrators avoided creating a character with green hair as a heroine, because of	of	ADP	the	DET	 the
However, just a year later, in 1264, Treniota was killed by Mindaugas ' former servants. His son Vaišvilkas and his brother in law Shvarn from Volhynia took over the control in Lithuania. Daumantas was forced to flee to Pskov, was baptized Timofei, ruled	ruled	VERB	successfully	ADV	 successfully
The depression was so severe it lasted for a couple of years, during which she occasionally kept herself in her bedroom for days and refused to eat anything. Beyoncé stated that she struggled to speak about her depression because Destiny's Child had just won their first Grammy	Grammy	PROPN	Award	PROPN	 Award
By 1802, Garrard and his associate Augustine Eastin had not only adopted these beliefs, but had indoctrinated their Baptist congregations with them as well. The Elkhorn Baptist Association condemned Garrard and Eastin's beliefs as heretical and tried to persuade the two men to abandon them.	.	PUNCT	When	SCONJ	 When
Jerry Shriver of USA Today said that " fan favorite Toxic [...] succeeded because the focus was solely on the star. " Jane Stevenson of the Toronto Sun named it one of the standout performances of the show, along with "... Baby One More Time	Time	PROPN	"	PUNCT	 "
Waller taught Sunday school while in his early teens. When he was 15, he attended Williams College, from which he graduated in 1834. At Williams College, he came near to being expelled after arguing with a teacher. After Williams College, he considered being	being	AUX	a	DET	 a
At the University of Texas, ticket sales likewise were rapid. On the first day of sales, Texas ' ticket office received 10,500 orders. The demand was so great that some students camped overnight in front of the ticket office to ensure they would receive a ticket	ticket	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
The Woodland period marked the gradual transition to semi permanent villages and horticulture, between 1000 BC and 1500 AD. Archeological evidence found in the state from this time includes a range of pottery types and styles, burial mounds, pipes, bows and arrows, and ornaments	ornaments	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
" She further explained that she intended to assist Sharp with his training business and intended to remain " very much involved with racing. " At the time of her announcement, she ranked sixth in the nation for 2014 in earnings and fifth by number of wins.	.	PUNCT	In	ADP	 In
Its crew, Merz and a New Zealander, were never seen again; they were later reported killed by Arabs after a running gun battle over several miles. On 24 August, the Half Flight was augmented by four Martinsyde S1s and redesignated No. 30 Squadron,	,	PUNCT	Royal	PROPN	 Royal
The tribe was again represented by Hobbs, who made the same basic argument that the hunting and fishing rights were not extinguished. The state of Wisconsin was represented by Bronson La Follette, the Attorney General of Wisconsin. La Follette argued that the plain language of the	the	DET	termination	NOUN	 termination
In November the wing was informed that it was to move to Morotai island in the Netherlands East Indies to take part in Allied offensives in the region. No. 457 Squadron's movement to Morotai was delayed until early 1945. The squadron's ground crew departed Darwin	Darwin	PROPN	by	ADP	 by
Anti torpedo boat defence was provided by sixteen QF 12 pounder (3 inch) 18 cwt guns. Shannon also mounted five submerged 17.7 inch torpedo tubes, one of which was mounted in the stern. The waterline armour belt consisted of 6 inches (152 mm)	)	PUNCT	of	ADP	 of
These conditions are met in two places on Earth; in the lithospheric mantle below relatively stable continental plates, and at the site of a meteorite strike. The conditions for diamond formation to happen in the lithospheric mantle occur at considerable depth corresponding to the requirements of temperature	temperature	NOUN	and	CCONJ	 and
As either an alternative or supplement to the line, expansion of European Road E16 from Sandvika to Hønefoss has been proposed. It would involve increasing from two to four lanes on the first 17 kilometres (11 mi) from Bjørum to Hvervenmoen, estimating to cost NOK	NOK	PROPN	3.5	NUM	 3.5
There is little doubt that the capacity for using psychiatry to enforce social norms and even political interests is immense. Now psychiatry is vulnerable because many of its notions have been questioned, and the sustainable pattern of mental life, of boundaries of mental norm and abnormality has	has	AUX	been	AUX	 been
He put pressure on the food and water supplies of the inhabitants by allowing pilgrims to enter the city to celebrate Passover, and then refusing them egress. Jewish raids continuously harassed the Roman army, one of which nearly resulted in Titus being captured. After attempts by	by	ADP	Josephus	PROPN	 Josephus
The paintings of Sigiriya and Hindagala are the only surviving specimens of art of the Anuradhapura Kingdom. However, remnants of paintings indicate that walls and ceilings of some buildings and the inside walls of stupas and vahalkadas were also painted. Saddhatissa had employed painters to decorate the	the	DET	Ruwanweli	PROPN	 Ruwanweli
The tribe was exiled from their encampments in the Palmyrene steppe and were forced to live deep in the Syrian Desert. Ten years later, Muhanna contacted the Ayyubid emir al Afdal Muhammad of Hama (vassal of the Mamluks), and requested that he intercede with the	the	DET	sultan	NOUN	 sultan
For sixteen months, the ship was docked in Kobe, Japan, during which time Cabaniss earned himself a positive reputation with other sailors. Crew mates described him as always being happy, with an intimidating, six foot tall physique but a personality that did not match	match	VERB	.	PUNCT	.
The result was a 6,000 foot (1.83 km) long concrete box lined with 21 inches (53 cm) of Styrofoam. The problem then became one of building it before the first snow started falling in October. At the opposite end of the pipeline, just	just	ADV	north	ADV	 north
Along some portions of the North Pacific coastline, bald eagles which had historically preyed mainly kelp dwelling fish and supplementally sea otter (Enhydra lutris) pups are now preying mainly on seabird colonies since both the fish (possibly due to overfishing) and otters (cause unknown	unknown	ADJ	)	PUNCT	)
The common blackbird breeds in temperate Eurasia, North Africa, the Canary Islands, and South Asia. It has been introduced to Australia and New Zealand. Populations are sedentary in the south and west of the range, although northern birds migrate south as far as northern	northern	ADJ	Africa	PROPN	 Africa
Fox then played small supporting roles in political drama The American President (1995) and comedy Mars Attacks! (1996). His last major film role was in The Frighteners (1996), directed by Peter Jackson. The Frighteners tells the story of Frank Bannister	Bannister	PROPN	(	PUNCT	 (
It was this secondary mechanism of adaptation through the inheritance of acquired characteristics that would become known as Lamarckism and would influence discussions of evolution into the 20th century. A radical British school of comparative anatomy that included the anatomist Robert Edmond Grant was closely in touch with Lamarck	Lamarck	PROPN	's	PART	's
The wealthy sent their sons to such places to learn how to read and translate Latin texts. Edward the Confessor may have been educated at Ely between circa 1005 and 1010. " The teaching of grammar continued in the cloisters [of Ely] and this tradition was	was	AUX	the	DET	 the
Statues of nymphs poured water into carved marble basins at the foot of the arch. Caracalla and Julia Domna were represented on medallion busts, though these have been defaced. The monument was reconstructed by the French between 1930 – 34. However, the restoration is incomplete	incomplete	ADJ	and	CCONJ	 and
Brooks stated that this also happens to the audience: " You're always supposed to arc your characters and you have this change and that's your dramatic purpose. But what I hope happens in this film is that the audience takes part in the arc. So	So	ADV	what	PRON	 what
Andula is a working class young woman living in a fading Czech factory town, where, due to an oversight in central state planning, women outnumber men 16 1. The film opens with an intimate scene between Andula and her fellow shoe factory worker friend as they	they	PRON	lie	VERB	 lie
It was the 17th final of the Scottish Challenge Cup since it was first organised in 1990 to celebrate the centenary of the Scottish Football League. St Johnstone progressed through four knock out rounds to reach the final whilst Dunfermline Athletic contested only three after receiving a random bye	bye	NOUN	into	ADP	 into
All these motions were brought about by machinery within the casing, each depending on wheels and shafts, hooks, pins and interlocking rods, stopping devices and locks checking mutually. Since Yi Xing's clock was a water clock, it was affected by temperature variations.	.	PUNCT	That	DET	 That
On January 6, the day before Stern's deadline, he and Hunter reached an agreement, which was ratified by the NBPA later that day and by the NBA Board of Governors on January 7. Widely viewed as a victory for Stern and the owners, the	the	DET	agreement	NOUN	 agreement
She lived there for the rest of her childhood, despite promises that it was only temporary, that she would only be there for six weeks. At the home, she endured mental and physical abuse from both adults and children. This included being shouted at to	to	PART	stop	VERB	 stop
) In her campaign to promote birth control, Sanger teamed with eugenics organizations such as the American Eugenics Society, although she argued against many of their positions. Scholars describe Sanger as believing that birth control and sterilization should be voluntary, and not based on race.	.	PUNCT	Sanger	PROPN	 Sanger
Little of Halab has been excavated by archaeologists, as Halab was never abandoned during its long history and the modern city is situated above the ancient site. Therefore, most of the knowledge about Yamhad comes from tablets discovered at Alalakh and Mari. The name Yamhad was	was	AUX	likely	ADJ	 likely
The character Allan Grey is named David Gray for the German release, which Dreyer attributed to a mistake. The German censors ordered cuts to the film that still exist today in some prints. The scenes which had to be toned down include the doctor's death under	under	ADP	the	DET	 the
Quiet Riot's album Metal Health (1983) was the first glam metal album, and arguably the first heavy metal album of any kind, to reach number one in the Billboard music charts and helped open the doors for mainstream success by subsequent bands. Established bands	bands	NOUN	made	VERB	 made
The EP was originally scheduled to be released on July 26, 2011, however, Ocean noted on his official Tumblr page on July 24, 2011 that Nostalgia, Lite would no longer be released on July 26 and that the project was cancelled. Both " Swim	Swim	PROPN	Good	PROPN	 Good
This southern pass was about 14 miles (23 km) long and about 300 yards (270 m) wide, as it followed the Wadi Ara up the side of the Samarian Hills to 1,200 feet (370 m) above sea level, before falling to the	the	DET	plain	NOUN	 plain
The members of the Boston church successfully induced Vane to withdraw his resignation, while the General Court began to debate who was responsible for the colony's troubles. The General Court, like the remainder of the colony, was deeply divided, and called for a general	general	ADJ	fast	NOUN	 fast
Critics praised the character development as well as the storyline in the film. Star Trek became a box office success, grossing over $385.7 million worldwide. It was nominated for several awards, including four Academy Awards at the 82nd Academy Awards, ultimately winning in the	the	DET	category	NOUN	 category
He met with Soviet representatives including Foreign Minister Georgi Chicherin, who rejected any kind of religious education, the ordination of priests and bishops, but offered agreements without the points vital to the Vatican. Despite Vatican pessimism and a lack of visible progress, Pacelli continued the	the	DET	secret	ADJ	 secret
Longstreet ordered Porter to stop Pickett, but the young colonel explained that replenishing his ammunition from the trains in the rear would take over an hour, and this delay would nullify any advantage the previous barrage had given them. The infantry assault went forward without the Confederate	Confederate	PROPN	artillery	NOUN	 artillery
Any thrown ball hitting the dugout railing, netting, or foundation and rebounding onto the field is in play. Any fairly batted or thrown ball that goes into the dugout or dugout camera well or strikes equipment on the dugout steps is out of play. Any fairly	fairly	ADV	batted	VERB	 batted
Over the next three days, it moved north of due east and rapidly strengthened, becoming a minimal hurricane by 12: 00 UTC on September 22 and later peaking at 105 mph (169 km / h) — equivalent to a moderately strong Category 2 hurricane on	on	ADP	the	DET	 the
As cup holders, Wanderers were permitted to choose the stadium at which the match would be played. As the club had no official stadium of its own, its officials chose the Lillie Bridge ground in West Brompton. Oxford dominated the early stages of the game due	due	ADJ	largely	ADV	 largely
Competing in the World Rally Championship for the Audi factory team, she took four victories and finished runner up in the drivers ' world championship in 1982. She is still the last woman to compete in top level rallying. Mouton debuted in rallying as a co driver	driver	NOUN	but	CCONJ	 but
In technological terms Mogador and Volta were ships with the armament of a light cruiser in the hull of a destroyer; the contre torpilleur as a type had been pushed past the limits of its capabilities. – Jordan, The Contre Torpilleurs of the Mogador Class, p.	p.	NOUN	59	NUM	 59
He was hired in 1994 and has three Lindenwood degrees – EdD, MBA, and BA. He previously served as the associate vice president for operations and finance. Barger replaced Dr. Jerry Bladdick, who left Lindenwood for a new position in Florida. Lindenwood University offers	offers	VERB	121	NUM	 121
Her ports of call included Gibraltar, Valencia, Cannes, Istanbul, Souda Bay; and Barcelona. She returned to Norfolk 7 January 1956 for the spring program of training operations. That summer she again carried midshipmen to Northern Europe for training, bringing them home to	to	ADP	Annapolis	PROPN	 Annapolis
He portrayed Miss Turpentine as an eccentric ballerina who wore an ill fitting tutu. The dance was a comic variation of the well known skirt dance belonging to Loie Fuller, which had been popular in France years earlier. Another successful characterisation was that of an eccentric Spanish	Spanish	ADJ	dancer	NOUN	 dancer
The creek's discharge ranges from nearly 0 cubic meters per second to approximately 25 cubic meters per second. Communities in the watershed of West Branch Fishing Creek include Central and Elk Grove. Lumbering was an industry in the watershed in the late 1800s. Fish species living	living	VERB	in	ADP	 in
ABC News denied BPI's claims, and called the lawsuit without merit. ABC News sought to have the case removed from South Dakota state court to federal court. In June 2013, a federal judge sent the lawsuit back to state court. On March 27,	,	PUNCT	2014	NUM	 2014
As department head, her responsibilities included identifying writers, directors, talent and ideas for comedy series for television. She was hired at TV One, which is the second oldest and second largest black television network behind BET, in December 2005, and she started in	in	ADP	January	PROPN	 January
Describing her first year there as her " dark year " and " bleak, " she recalled that she would " pine for that time " at Chanhassen because she " really loved that security and schedule, " and said, " The people I worked with there	there	PRON	were	VERB	 were
Primarily written by guitarist Tom DeLonge, the song is biographical in nature. He and bassist Mark Hoppus were growing up when their parents divorced. For Hoppus, he was eight years old when he was sent to live with his father. " The thing you realize	realize	VERB	as	SCONJ	 as
Les Bowie provided the special effects: he had made his name perfecting an improved technique for matte painting, called the delineating matte, and formed a company with Vic Margutti that specialised in matte effects. Bowie provided a number of matte paintings to enhance the scale of	of	ADP	certain	ADJ	 certain
Final Fantasy XIII, designed as the series ' flagship title, was released in 2009. The creative forces behind the series include many developers from previous Final Fantasy titles, including Shinji Hashimoto and Motomu Toriyama. The mythos was conceived and written by Kazushige Nojima. The	The	DET	first	ADJ	 first
Both offer 420 places plus a nursery. In 2015, GSCE results improved more in Tameside than anywhere else in the North West, and the borough was one of the top 10 nationally for the most improved results. At Key Stage 4 57.3% of pupils in	in	ADP	the	DET	 the
The airline has an all Airbus fleet with a mix of single aisle and wide body aircraft. By the end of 2017, Cathay Pacfic will lease an Airbus A350 to Cathay Dragon to further increase its regional capabilities. Airbus A300 (Freighters) Boeing 737 200 (	(	PUNCT	Introduced	VERB	Introduced
Asymmetric flooding of the wing compartments posed a grave danger to her stability. Her double bottom protected most of her hull and extended up the side to the lower edge of the armor deck. She had a metacentric height of 2.54 feet (0.8 m) and was	was	AUX	fitted	VERB	 fitted
She remained in contact with his widow and other members of the Clan, as well as with Gray, and proceeded to work on occasion with The Regency, a group founded by former members of the Clan. Living in Brighton, Valiente took up employment in a	a	DET	branch	NOUN	 branch
With a total of 263 runs at 43.83, he was the highest scorer in the series for India, as the tourists won their first series in England for 21 years. He started the ODI series with an unbeaten 44 in the first ODI as India capitulated to	to	ADP	184	NUM	 184
The club's first victory in the competition came in the 1886 – 87 season with a 10 – 0 win over Caernarfon Wanderers at the Victoria Ground. Stoke became one of the twelve founding members of the Football League in 1888. Stoke's manager, Harry Lockett	Lockett	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
This led to more and more copies of the English editions being sold to impatient fans in non English speaking countries; for example, such was the clamour to read the fifth book that its English language edition became the first English language book ever to top the best	best	ADJ	seller	NOUN	 seller
After playoff series wins over the Texas Rangers and Indians, New York defeated the San Diego Padres in four consecutive World Series games for their 24th Series title. After the 1998 season, Wells was traded to the Toronto Blue Jays for Roger Clemens, who had just	just	ADV	completed	VERB	 completed
In 2005, Clinton criticized the Bush administration for its handling of emissions control, while speaking at the United Nations Climate Change conference in Montreal. The William J. Clinton Presidential Center and Park in Little Rock, Arkansas was dedicated in 2004. Clinton released a best selling	selling	NOUN	autobiography	NOUN	 autobiography
George II's relationship with his son and heir apparent, Frederick, Prince of Wales, worsened during the 1730s. Frederick had been left behind in Germany when his parents came to England, and they had not met for 14 years. In 1728, he was	was	AUX	brought	VERB	 brought
Sallal proclaimed Yemen's " firm policy to honor its international obligations ", including a 1934 treaty pledging respect for Britain's Aden Protectorate. Nasser promised to " start gradual withdrawal " of its 18,000 man force, " provided Saudi and Jordanian forces also retire from border	border	NOUN	regions	NOUN	 regions
Mike Stoops, the Arizona head coach and brother to Oklahoma head coach Bob Stoops, said he felt it " was ridiculous that they couldn't get all of the angles. It was pretty obvious, and not to see that Oklahoma had recovered those were just errors	errors	NOUN	that	PRON	 that
Chemical synthesis is inefficient for polypeptides longer than about 300 amino acids, and the synthesized proteins may not readily assume their native tertiary structure. Most chemical synthesis methods proceed from C terminus to N terminus, opposite the biological reaction. Most proteins fold into unique 3 dimensional	dimensional	ADJ	structures	NOUN	 structures
The lamp caused the support to catch fire. The fire may continue into the 22nd century. The fire was contained in 1973, but was not extinguished. Had the fire not been contained, it would have eventually spread under the entirety of the Wyoming Valley.	.	PUNCT	The	DET	 The
Roberts had originally intended for " Yo Yo " to be the first single from the album, but " Beat of My Drum " was instead chosen at the " last minute ". Roberts stated that " it felt right to go with " the latter song.	.	PUNCT	"	PUNCT	 "
In 2012, she ranked number 95 in Maxim's Hot 100. The next year, El alongside Alicia Fox appeared on the Summerslam episode of Cupcake Wars. El has also made guest apperences on Total Divas. El appears as a playable character in the video games	games	NOUN	WWE	PROPN	 WWE
Euler has an extensive bibliography. His best known books include: Mechanica (1736). Methodus inveniendi lineas curvas maximi minimive proprietate gaudentes, sive solutio problematis isoperimetrici latissimo sensu accepti (1744). The Latin title translates as a method for finding curved lines enjoying properties	properties	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
Already an established player with Ajax, Cruyff quickly won over the Barcelona fans when he told the European press that he chose Barcelona over Real Madrid because he could not play for a club associated with Francisco Franco. He further endeared himself when he named his son Jordi	Jordi	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
The current president is Donald Tusk. The Council of the European Union (informally known as the Council of Ministers or just the Council) is a body holding legislative and some limited executive powers and is thus the main decision making body of the Union. Its Presidency	Presidency	PROPN	rotates	VERB	 rotates
(Loudoun was of the opinion that Shirley delayed his departure intentionally as a political maneuver.) He sailed for England in October 1756. Shirley would be formally replaced by Thomas Pownall in 1757. Upon his arrival in London, Shirley was received by Newcastle and other	other	ADJ	sympathetic	ADJ	 sympathetic
In September 2006 Alberto Linero Marchena and Alberto Sánchez Fernández, both army soldiers assigned to the Morón Air Base near Seville, became Spain's first military personnel to marry under the new law. In August 2008, Doña Luisa Isabel Álvarez de Toledo, 21st Duchess of	of	ADP	Medina	PROPN	 Medina
It was released on December 3, 2012, in Brazil only as a special edition free CD with Brazilian newspaper Folha de S.Paulo. The song was written and produced by Madonna, Hardy " Indigo " Muanza and Michael Malih and is a dance pop track, which	which	PRON	has	VERB	 has
The Chimney Rock community had been planning a million dollar development to build a tourist attraction for the ruins. Houle spends several weeks with the peregrine falcons, recording her observations in her notebook. In spite of her initial attempt at maintaining an impersonal relationship with the falcons	falcons	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
The best riding horses were known as palfreys; other riding horses were often called hackneys, from which the modern term " hack " is derived. Women sometimes rode palfreys or small, quiet horses known as jennets. A variety of work horses were used throughout the	the	DET	Middle	PROPN	 Middle
In contrast to an economically depressed post war Liverpool, Hamburg was a wealthy city. Williams, a 29 year old Liverpool businessman and promoter, had sent his leading group, Derry and the Seniors (later known as Howie Casey and the Seniors) to Hamburg,	,	PUNCT	where	SCONJ	 where
Art historian Roger Cardinal describes Tristan Tzara's Dada poetry as marked by " extreme semantic and syntactic incoherence ". Tzara, who recommended destroying just as it is created, had devised a personal system for writing poetry, which implied a seemingly chaotic reassembling of words that	that	PRON	had	AUX	 had
' " Based on Weidenreich's work and on his suggestion that Pithecanthropus erectus and Sinanthropus pekinensis were connected through a series of interbreeding populations, German biologist Ernst Mayr reclassified them both as being part of the same species: Homo erectus. Mayr presented his conclusion at the	the	DET	Cold	PROPN	 Cold
It is believed that it would have taken about four minutes. A team of four to six men, led by Lt. Pasco, would have prepared and hoisted the flags onboard Lord Nelson's flagship HMS Victory. The message shows one of the shortcomings of Popham	Popham	PROPN	's	PART	's
In order to allow for a full recovery of the New Orleans market in the wake of the storm, the NBA announced on January 31, 2006, that the Hornets would remain in Oklahoma City for the 2006 – 07 season and return for the 2007 – 08	08	NUM	season	NOUN	 season
The Allies waged the Western Desert Campaign (1940 – 43) in North Africa, against the Axis forces of Italy aided by Germany, that had sent the Deutsches Afrika Korps and substantial Luftwaffe detachments to the Mediterranean in late 1940. Up to the end of the	the	DET	year	NOUN	 year
Though inspired by the cuisines of the country's various ethnic groups, many recipes were presented as part of an overall Soviet heritage, disassociated from their individual geographic origins. By many people both inside and outside the Soviet Union, borscht was increasingly seen not as an	an	DET	ethnic	ADJ	 ethnic
It certainly is a flight feather of a contemporary species, but its size and proportions indicate that it may belong to another, smaller species of feathered theropod, of which only this feather is known so far. As the feather had been designated the type specimen,	,	PUNCT	the	DET	 the
The French arrested the plotters for refusing to pay their taxes and provide labourers. This left Atangana still head of the Bane, but his influence had been severely curtailed. In 1925, the French reduced the number of Beti chiefs to 40 and removed the chiefs of	of	ADP	Yaoundé	PROPN	 Yaoundé
" In his review, Wainwright expressed feelings of amicability and hatred towards Davies for his role in reviving Doctor Who, particularly disliking Davies for romanticising the character, and conversely admiring Davies for making the series popular among children. Catherine Tuckewell, writing for Blogcritics, gave	gave	VERB	a	DET	 a
The growing of grain (with the exception of barley) and turnips steadily declined as these were replaced as winter fodder for livestock by silage, usually harvested by mechanical forage harvesters. Orkney was a strategic site during both World Wars, and Shapinsay was no exception.	.	PUNCT	In	ADP	 In
Compared to the first iPad, as the second device in the iPad line it gained a faster dual core A5 processor, a lighter build structure, and was the first iPad to feature VGA front facing and 720p rear facing cameras designed for FaceTime video calling. The	The	DET	device	NOUN	 device
During his subsequent recuperation there, Faramir met the Lady Éowyn of Rohan; moved by her sorrow, pride, and beauty, he eventually fell in love with her. At first, Éowyn refused his advances, only desiring to go to war to find honour in	in	ADP	death	NOUN	 death
The operation was intended to encircle and seize the German occupied city of Caen, which was a D Day objective for the British 3rd Infantry Division in the early phases of Operation Overlord. Operation Perch was to begin immediately after the British beach landings with an advance to	to	ADP	the	DET	 the
" Although cast member Dan Castellaneta occasionally voiced Santa's Little Helper for bit parts, American voice artist Frank Welker most often provided the sounds of the dog and other animals on the show from " Bart's Dog Gets an F ", which aired on March 7	7	NUM	,	PUNCT	,
However, after Molina had difficulties with the concept of the series, and of his role in particular, the role was recast and filled by Chris Barrie, a professional voice actor and impressionist who had previously worked with both the writers on Spitting Image, and with	with	ADP	the	DET	 the
According to the 2001 census, within the Tvrđa city district, there are 10,277 inhabitants living in 3,310 households. The fort interior is now a centre of Osijek's nightlife. There are numerous bars and restaurants in Tvrđa. The fort hosts the Museum of Slavonia,	,	PUNCT	the	DET	 the
Enormously interested in everything that was related to scientific discoveries, Dom Pedro II sought to modernize the nation, in many instances anticipating initiatives in European nations. " Another biographer of Pedro II, Renato Sêneca Fleury, remarked that " in the History of Brazil, the	the	DET	pages	NOUN	 pages
This discovery, reflecting the complexity of human emotions and relationships, re sparks Manhattan's interest in humanity. On Earth, Nite Owl and Rorschach continue to uncover the conspiracy surrounding the death of The Comedian and the accusations that drove Manhattan into exile. They discover evidence	evidence	NOUN	that	SCONJ	 that
Afterwards, the train is slowed to a stop on the brake run before returning to the station. The coaster features a dual station which is connected to the main track using a switch track segment (similar to a railroad switch). Dual station operation allows for	for	ADP	two	NUM	 two
Several counties in this region in Iowa, Illinois and Wisconsin were declared disaster areas. Over 10 inches (25 cm) fell in areas over the course of a week, and in Indiana some rivers approached levels similar to flooding in 1913 which killed 200 people.	.	PUNCT	In	ADP	 In
The record features some of the group's most widely known songs such as " Bills, Bills, Bills ", the group's first number one single, " Jumpin ' Jumpin ' " and " Say My Name ", which became their most successful song at	at	ADP	the	DET	 the
After the war, they had two children, both daughters: Laura, born in 1947, and Julie, born in 1951. Following the death of Louise's sister in 1956, they raised her niece, Judith, whom they renamed Alice to avoid confusion with	with	ADP	Julie	PROPN	 Julie
On September 5, an emergency meeting was held by disaster officials in Puerto Rico about the threat of flooding from Christine. All residents were urged by government officials to have their disaster kits ready and be prepared to evacuate if told to do so. Firefighters, on	on	ADP	and	CCONJ	 and
The first full biography of its kind, the book portrays Armstrong as a complex politician and administrator in the postbellum period who balanced the needs of opposed parties surrounding the Virginia school: its African American students, Southern white neighbors, and Northern philanthropist funders. Previous works	works	NOUN	presented	VERB	 presented
Among the many examples are these two noteworthy ones: " All the world's a stage, and all of us -- merely players (actors, performers) " is a phrase that begins the monologue from Shakespeare's As You Like It, and is spoken by	by	ADP	the	DET	 the
When the adaptive immune system of a vertebrate encounters a virus, it produces specific antibodies that bind to the virus and often render it non infectious. This is called humoral immunity. Two types of antibodies are important. The first, called IgM, is highly effective	effective	ADJ	at	ADP	 at
But not all Frenchmen agreed with the story: the Chevalier de Lévis called it a " pretended assassination ". The French story contrasted with that of the British account. Based on Washington's report, the British suggested that Jumonville, rather than being engaged on a	a	DET	diplomatic	ADJ	 diplomatic
Transport shortages delayed the repatriation of Australian prisoners from Formosa, Japan and Korea, but almost all were on their way home by mid September. In line with a plan approved by the Australian Government in September 1945, general demobilisation was conducted in four stages. The	The	DET	first	ADJ	 first
Tabitha is glad to be able to spend a few days with Lisa and says they will temporarily be sisters. Darrin is another of Larry's employees at advertising agency McMann and Tate. Darrin is trying to land a million dollar account from Mr. Brockway (Parley Baer	Baer	PROPN	)	PUNCT	)
" The temple and villa remained in the hands of Garrick's wife until her death in 1822 at the age of 98. It was subsequently bought by her solicitor, Thomas Carr, who preserved it as a monument to Garrick and even erected a statue of him	him	PRON	in	ADP	 in
After a poor first half – Petković said they " were lucky to be only a goal down at half time " – Žigić was introduced, and the tactic of " putting him in the centre of the opposition defence and playing long high balls to him... was	was	AUX	remarkably	ADV	 remarkably
His opinion was not given importance by the mainstream media of Pakistan but his views in this regard were published by Daily Outlook Afghanistan. Yousafzai has been awarded the following national and international honours: 2011: International Children's Peace Prize (nominee) 2011: National Youth	Youth	PROPN	Peace	PROPN	 Peace
" In December 2010, a month after Noreen's conviction, a Muslim cleric announced a 500,000 Pakistani rupee award (the equivalent of $10,000) to anyone who would kill her. One survey reported that around 10 million Pakistanis had said that they would be willing	willing	ADJ	to	PART	 to
Lautner has stated that he does not want to be just known for his looks, as some have attributed his popularity to that and not his actual acting skill. In an interview, the actor revealed that he was originally supposed to have a baring scene in the	the	DET	movie	NOUN	 movie
Composers Hubert Parry, George Butterworth, John Taverner, William Walton, James Whitbourn and Andrew Lloyd Webber have all been involved with the university. Actors Hugh Grant, Kate Beckinsale, Dudley Moore, Michael Palin, Terry Jones, Anna Popplewell, and Rowan Atkinson were	were	AUX	undergraduates	NOUN	 undergraduates
Wilberforce used his speaking voice to great effect in political speeches; the diarist and author James Boswell witnessed Wilberforce's eloquence in the House of Commons and noted, " I saw what seemed a mere shrimp mount upon the table; but as I listened, he grew	grew	VERB	,	PUNCT	,
October 10, 1920 at Douglas Park The Pros started their season in week three with a game against the Rock Island Independents. The Independents already played two games and were undefeated. There were no scores by either team in the first or third quarters, but the	the	DET	Independents	PROPN	 Independents
Early on October 22, Giri further strengthened into a very severe cyclonic storm as it slowly moved towards the central coast of Myanmar. Throughout the day, the storm underwent explosive deepening, attaining winds of 240 km / h (145 mph 1 minute sustained) by	by	ADP	0900	NUM	 0900
He was also the last person to be committed by a coroner to a Crown Court for unlawful killing; the coroner's power to do so was removed by the Criminal Law Act 1977. Rivett's body, which had been held for several weeks following the murder	murder	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
The title was probably also inspired by Théophile Gautier's 1852 poem Symphonie en Blanc Majeur. Whistler was not entirely content with the realism the painting displayed in its original form, a trait he blamed on the influence Courbet had on him at the time. Later,	,	PUNCT	between	ADP	 between
In 1897, Keynes won a scholarship to Eton College, where he displayed talent in a wide range of subjects, particularly mathematics, classics and history. At Eton, Keynes experienced the first " love of his life " in Dan Macmillan, older brother of the	the	DET	future	ADJ	 future
When the Germans depart, the group splits up and leaves the ghetto. In Sosnowiec, Vladek and Anja move from one hiding place to the next, making occasional contact with other Jews in hiding. Vladek disguises himself as an ethnic Pole and hunts for provisions.	.	PUNCT	The	DET	 The
She received the Louis and Bert Freedman Foundation Award and the Lewis S. Rosensteil Award in 1978. In 1981, she became the first recipient of the MacArthur Foundation Grant, and was awarded the Albert Lasker Award for Basic Medical Research, the Wolf Prize in Medicine and	and	CCONJ	the	DET	 the
In 1970 Burroughs had published a " considered statement " on Scientology's methods because he felt that they were significant enough to warrant commentary. This statement articulates what he calls the group's " precise and efficient " therapeutic methods, however he also criticizes the authoritarian nature	nature	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
Born into one of Trondheim's wealthiest mercantile families, he travelled to England where he developed a great admiration of English language and literature. Despite his commercial background he was more drawn towards the fields of politics, culture and art. He nevertheless administrated his father's	's	PART	family	NOUN	 family
The stolen capuchin monkey named Oscar is played by live animal actor Katie, best known for playing Marcel, Ross Geller's pet monkey, on the sitcom Friends. Near the time of the episode's airing, she had also appeared in Bruce Almighty and an episode	episode	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
This gas phase model uses an equation which can be compared to a classic " M value " associated with a corrective factor that reduces the permitted gradient for small values of the compartment time constant. The consequence is the introduction of deeper stops than a classic dissolved phase	phase	NOUN	decompression	NOUN	 decompression
This area of the ancient city has been called Tanmi T ' nam (" Heart of the People " in Mam Maya) by the mayor of El Asintal. A north south row of 5 monuments was erected at the base of Structure 8, on the southwest	southwest	ADJ	side	NOUN	 side
Two days later, U 32 stopped a Greek sailing vessel, Agios Georgios and examined her, but let her go on her way. Vio put in his boat at Cattaro on 4 September, ending the boat's second patrol. On 12 October, U 32	32	NUM	departed	VERB	 departed
For the film's release on home media, Warner Bros. formed two teams for a September 28, 2014, Tough Mudder endurance event series in Black Diamond, Washington. The teams included YouTube personalities and participants from the TV series American Ninja Warrior. Warner Bros. based	based	VERB	the	DET	 the
This name is sometimes spelled as Kuttandar, Khoothandavar or Koothandavar. The South Indian, Tamil name, Aravan, is popularly believed to be derived from the word aravam (அரவம ்) (snake). Aravan's association with snakes is also apparent in his iconography	iconography	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
On the morning of 28 August, Cöln was re coaling in Wilhelmshaven. Her sister, Mainz, was at anchor in the mouth of the Ems, and Ariadne lay in the entrance to the Weser. These three cruisers were assigned to support the cruisers Stettin and	and	CCONJ	Frauenlob	PROPN	 Frauenlob
" I was trying to emulate that band. Really punchy guitars, fast, simple and formulaic nursery rhyme love songs, " he said in 2012. The photographs in the original cassette release of Buddha were photographs taken by friend of the band Cam Jones. Kerry	Kerry	PROPN	Key	PROPN	 Key
R. Wood, for lack of aggression (unjustifiably, in Simon Robbins ’ view), Pinney returned to the division on 30 November, amid rumours that he had got the return posting through personal influence. The division remained in reserve until April 1918, when German	German	ADJ	forces	NOUN	 forces
The Field Crown Hetmanship went to Jerzy Sebastian Lubomirski, also an accomplished commander, if not so much as Czarniecki – but from a magnate Lubomirski family; Czarniecki commented famously that " Not of salt, or fields, I am, but from what hurts me "	"	PUNCT	,	PUNCT	,
Despite negative reviews, Lopez has received praise. Richard Lawson from Vanity Fair wrote: " Given the material, Lopez is actually pretty darn good in the movie, taking it seriously enough that it's not irksomely arch camp, but also plenty aware that she's	's	AUX	not	PART	 not
He singled out the creatures for specific praise, likening them to " something that might have come from a brain merge of Tim Burton, Anne Rice and Hieronymus Bosch " instead of simple line drawings. Complaints and criticisms of the game included the difficulty level; Blum	Blum	PROPN	found	VERB	 found
Fishermen from Bristol (who had fished the Grand Banks of Newfoundland since the 15th century) began settling Newfoundland permanently in larger numbers during the 17th century, establishing colonies at Bristol's Hope and Cuper's Cove. Because of Bristol's nautical environment, maritime safety was	was	AUX	an	DET	 an
The aircraft was completely destroyed in the impact and the post crash fire, making the investigation difficult. The Australian Transport Safety Bureau (ATSB) and coroner investigating the crash concluded that depressurization was likely the cause of incapacitation, but were unable to conclusively rule out the	the	DET	presence	NOUN	 presence
A sequel was planned, but a controversy over the film rights ensued between Beatty and Tribune Media Services. The lawsuit was resolved in Beatty's favor in October 2013. However, no plans for a sequel or follow up have been publicly disclosed as of June 2014	2014	NUM	.	PUNCT	.
Each production was a gamble. The aspect of the machine plays that posterity knows most about is their economics, as this was what the old prompter Downes most vividly recalled when he wrote his Roscius Anglicanus in 1708. The scenery alone for Psyche cost more than £	£	SYM	800	NUM	800
Winter Blues. New York: Guilford Press. p. 372. ISBN 1593851162. Rosenthal, Norman (1998). St. John's Wort: The Herbal Way to Feeling Good. New York: Harper Collins. ISBN 0060183829. Rosenthal, Norman (2002).	.	PUNCT	The	DET	 The
This was completed by 14 November 1917. Over the course of the eight weeks they had been involved in the fighting around Ypres, they had suffered 38,000 casualties. On 21 March 1918, having been buoyed by the capitulation of Tsarist Russia, the German Army launched	launched	VERB	their	PRON	 their
On 20 July 1961 and through a popular referendum, the people of Somalia ratified a new constitution, which was first drafted in 1960. In 1967, Muhammad Haji Ibrahim Egal became Prime Minister, a position to which he was appointed by Shermarke. On 15 October	October	PROPN	1969	NUM	 1969
He passed for 3,359 yard, 21 touchdowns, and 11 interceptions while completing 54.9% of his passes in the 1988 season. The Giants rebounded from a 6 – 9 record in 1987 to finish 10 – 6 but fell just short of the playoffs due to the	the	DET	NFL	PROPN	 NFL
However, during the storyling, Tara began claiming that Rayne had gone too far in her brutality towards James, but was forced to follow her orders due to being under exclusive contract with Rayne and not with TNA. After Rayne lost her title to James at Lockdown	Lockdown	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
Some argue that he did, and that the subsequent popularization is largely owed to his work as publicist. Such accounts are contradicted by the recollections of another unionist activist, Onisifor Ghibu: " [The appeal] was supposed to be handed down to Goga, on	on	ADP	his	PRON	 his
Reviewing Tempest for Rolling Stone, Will Hermes gave the album five out of five stars, writing: " Lyrically, Dylan is at the top of his game, joking around, dropping wordplay and allegories that evade pat readings and quoting other folks ' words like a	a	DET	freestyle	NOUN	 freestyle
Most of these sediments come from two distinct groups of colonies: domal, delicate branching, robust branching and palmate; and fenestrate. Fenestrate colonies generate rough particles both as sediment and components of stomatoporiods coral reefs. The delicate colonies however, create both coarse sediment and	and	CCONJ	form	VERB	 form
Liverpool created more chances with Luis García missing the goal twice from headers. São Paulo had only created one chance, a shot from striker Amoroso, but they began to grow in confidence. They pressed forward after Amoroso's shot and defender Cicinho nearly scored with a	a	DET	lob	NOUN	 lob
While at Fort Humboldt he met future president Ulysses S. Grant, and future General George Crook. According to tradition, about this time, he brought the first herd of cattle to Humboldt County. Some events and their timing are unclear during this early period. Sources	Sources	NOUN	disagree	VERB	 disagree
I don't remember exactly how many, but he saved dozens off that train, and the Germans and Arrow Cross were so dumbfounded they let him get away with it. At the height of the program, over 350 people were involved in the rescue of Jews	Jews	PROPN	.	PUNCT	.
Another 10,780 copies were sold in the second week, and the album's position on the Billboard 200 fell to number 53. The album charted similarly in Australia, New Zealand (number 13) and on the Japanese chart (number 11). Elsewhere, the	the	DET	album	NOUN	 album
The former also tend to be larger than the latter. Five genera and seven species (one now extinct) of sea lion are known to exist, while two genera and nine species of fur seal exist. While sea lions and fur seals have historically been considered	considered	VERB	separate	ADJ	 separate
The Tablighi Jamaat also stated that they plan to develop the mosque to make full use of natural resources, reducing the mosque's energy consumption and increasing the mosque's recycling. In 2012, Newham Council refused permission for the plans. Tablighi Jamaat appealed against this decision	decision	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
Concerts began at the band shell in August 1931. In July 1932, Franklin Delano Roosevelt made a campaign stop at the bandshell on his way to make his acceptance speech as the Democratic nominee for president at the 1932 Democratic National Convention at Chicago Stadium. In 1934	1934	NUM	,	PUNCT	,
There are a handful of memorials conducted in an Art Deco style, including the ANZAC War Memorial in Sydney which uses the delicate aspects of the Art Deco style to invoke sadness in the viewer, and is the only war memorial in the world to depict a naked	naked	ADJ	soldier	NOUN	 soldier
The historical society published an updated village history (A Village Between Two Rivers: Briarcliff Manor) in 1977, marking the 75th anniversary of the village. The organization has since published several books, including a comprehensive history of the village. The publication, The Changing	Changing	VERB	Landscape	PROPN	 Landscape
" Our theory is that with today's ancillary rights, there is real profit in a movie that costs $3 million. We don't need to gross $40 million, or open on Christmas Day, " he said. To publicize this venture, he	he	PRON	granted	VERB	 granted
At 0000 UTC on October 27, the JTWC ceased watching the system, though the JMA continued tracking it until the morning of August 28. The remnants of the storm later brought showers to China. Although the eye of Lynn passed just offshore Guam, it brought	brought	VERB	violent	ADJ	 violent
Just how Microsoft will get it to that point, though, is still a mystery. " However, they disfavored the console's dependence upon a subscription for most of its functionality, Kinect's voice recognition, and that some games do not natively run at 1080p	1080p	NUM	resolution	NOUN	 resolution
" It was widely known that Brown desired election to the U.S. Senate when his gubernatorial term expired in 1896. The leading Democratic candidates to succeed Brown as governor were his old rivals, Cassius M. Clay, Jr. and Parker Watkins Hardin, and Brown believed he would	would	AUX	need	VERB	 need
Hanson enjoyed the two " sleights of hand ", explaining he was surprised by Fauxlivia's universe crossing device failing and what happened to Peter after touching the machine. IGN's Ramsey Isler rated the episode 7.5 / 10, writing " This week's episode wasn't	n't	PART	an	DET	 an
Denver International Airport's terminal building, completed in 1995, has a fabric roof supported as a minimal surface (i.e., its mean curvature is zero) by steel cables. It evokes Colorado's snow capped mountains and the teepee tents of Native Americans. The architect	architect	NOUN	Richard	PROPN	 Richard
Ziegfeld previewed the production in a pre Broadway tour from November 15 to December 19, 1927. The locations included the National Theatre in Washington, D.C., the Nixon Theatre in Pittsburgh, the Ohio Theatre in Cleveland, and the Erlanger Theatre in Philadelphia. The show	show	NOUN	opened	VERB	 opened
By the mid 1960s it was apparent that considerable subsidence was being caused by mining in the built up area of Manchester around Bradford Colliery. Many buildings were affected, particularly in Bradford village and Miles Platting, where in 1962 eleven council houses were so severely damaged they	they	PRON	had	VERB	 had
Thwaites Glacier, which has also shown evidence of thinning, has been referred to as the weak underbelly of the West Antarctic Ice Sheet. A study published in 2014 found rapid grounding line retreat in the years 1992 2011. Totten Glacier, is a large glacier draining	draining	VERB	a	DET	 a
Meriwether Lewis supposedly became the first American to sight the drainage basin of the Snake River after he crossed the mountains a few days ahead of his party on August 12, 1805, and sighted the Salmon River valley (a major Snake tributary) from Lemhi Pass,	,	PUNCT	a	DET	 a
A later radio adaptation was broadcast in six episodes, in Radio Four's " Classic Serial " of April and May 2008. The dramatisation was by Michael Butt; the youthful Widmerpool was played by Anthony Hoskyns and the adult character by Mark Heap. In October and	and	CCONJ	November	PROPN	 November
Despite the diverse appearances, these taxa are close genetically, leading Feng and colleagues to speculate on combining the first four taxa above as a single species. These four diverged from the lineage that gave rise to B. fibrillosus and B. rex veris around 5 million years ago	ago	ADV	.	PUNCT	.
O'Brien told a Variety reporter at the time of the announcement that he hoped that Weinberg would follow him to Los Angeles and that he also hoped an arrangement could be worked out to let Weinberg go on the road with Springsteen as had been done for past tours.	.	PUNCT	Whether	SCONJ	 Whether
This interchange is located just south of the Kansas Speedway. Just east of here, the route intersects I 435 at Exit 411. This exit uses a cloverleaf interchange with one directional ramp and collector – distributor roads to avoid issues with traffic exiting immediately north of the	the	DET	turnpike	NOUN	 turnpike
" The presence of the character in prime time television sparked discussion of the nature of bisexuality in a number of outlets where normally it is dismissed or overlooked. Channel4.com cites Jack as a positive role model for gay and bisexual teenagers, where little had been present for	for	SCONJ	this	DET	 this
A Sunday Herald critic opined that the song was " impressively lacquered " and " undoubtedly [helped] tentpole the album proper ". Samuel McGuire of the same publication viewed the track as a " gem of a truly wondrous lustre ". Nigel Packer of the BBC	BBC	PROPN	News	PROPN	 News
Castelli argued that it was urgent to rise against Lima because its economy depended largely on those districts, and if they lost power over that area, the main royalist stronghold would be threatened. The plan was rejected as too risky, and Castelli complied with the original	original	ADJ	orders	NOUN	 orders
Alan Gishlick, in a 2001 study of Deinonychus forelimb mechanics, found that even if large wing feathers were present, the grasping ability of the hand would not have been significantly hindered; rather, grasping would have been accomplished perpendicular to the wing, and objects likely	likely	ADV	would	AUX	 would
” In June 2008, a major nuclear equipment supplier, Holtec International, criticized the Department of Energy's safety plan for handling containers of radioactive waste before they are buried at the proposed Yucca Mountain dump. The concern is that, in an earthquake, the unanchored	unanchored	ADJ	casks	NOUN	 casks
A layer of modern building debris was removed before the level of the former monastery was reached. Two parallel human leg bones were discovered about 5 metres (16 ft) from the north end of the trench at a depth of about 1.5 metres (4.9 ft)	)	PUNCT	,	PUNCT	,
But this is my warning — and this is not a threat, this is a promise! If either Stewart or Colbert mentions this again in any way, I am going over to their tiny little studio, and I am kicking some Comedy Central ass! "	"	PUNCT	This	PRON	 This
This underlined the utility of lagerstätten like the Hunsrück Slate: these exceptionally preserved fossil horizons may be the only available opportunity to observe non mineralised forms. The organism has also prompted novel hypotheses about the classification of early arthropods. One classification scheme has Schinderhannes classified basally to	to	ADP	the	DET	 the
His orders were to meet up with the royal army, but while stopping at the town of Ripon in Yorkshire, he received intelligence that Lancaster would arrive at nearby Boroughbridge the next day. Harclay decided to take the initiative, and occupy the bridge that would prevent	prevent	VERB	Lancaster	PROPN	 Lancaster
Christoph Clavius, a Jesuit mathematician from the Roman College, was the expert on the committee who suggested the new system for the observations. The 73 metres (240 ft) tower was then built above the museum and library, flanked by the Belvedere and della Pigna	Pigna	PROPN	courtyards	NOUN	 courtyards
The privileging of Belgian commercial interests meant that large amounts of capital flowed into the Congo and that individual regions became specialised. On many occasions, the interests of the government and private enterprise became closely tied and the state helped companies break strikes and remove other barriers imposed	imposed	VERB	by	ADP	 by
All of these sports use a clock; in all of them, play is less individual and more collective; and in none of them is the variation between playing fields nearly as substantial or important. The comparison between cricket and baseball demonstrates that many of baseball's	's	PART	distinctive	ADJ	 distinctive
At 16: 40 the 10th Light Horse Regiment carried out a mounted charge into the middle of the position, and all resistance ceased. The battle had cost the regiment five dead. On 9 January 1917, around 01: 00, the regiment crossed the Egyptian	Egyptian	ADJ	–	PUNCT	 –
That feeling, along with granting it a sense of reality through use of dark imagery, would later define the series. The main theme of Shin Megami Tensei was a person waking up to inevitable destruction and being able to do nothing but rely on their own abilities	abilities	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
Today the Eshmun sanctuary can be visited all year round and free of charge, it is accessible from an exit ramp off the main Southern Lebanon highway near Sidon's northern entrance. The site holds a particular archaeological importance since it is the best preserved Phoenician site in	in	ADP	Lebanon	PROPN	 Lebanon
As expected, Australasia defeated Great Britain, claiming the gold medal, the score being 32 points to three. The match at the White City Stadium was played under poor conditions, in fog and on a slippery field. Two of the Australian team members would later	later	ADV	win	VERB	 win
The picture shows Huguenots leaving the French Church in what is now Soho. The Huguenot refugees had arrived in the 1680s and established themselves as tradesmen and artisans, particularly in the silk trade; and the French Church was their first place of worship. Hogarth contrasts their	their	PRON	fussiness	NOUN	 fussiness
The composition representing Vršac at the Exhibition was originally meant to depict folk hero Janko Halabura fighting the Turks, an idea to which Jovanović took a liking. The Vršac council members soon changed their minds, and Jovanović was asked to paint a composition showing the everyday lives	lives	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
According to Nissan, the operating cost of the Leaf in the U.K. is 1.75 pence per mile (1.09p per km) when charging at an off peak electricity rate, while a conventional gasoline powered car costs more than 10 pence per mile (6.25p per km)	)	PUNCT	.	PUNCT	.
Acarya Haribhadra and Acarya Hemacandra mention the five major vows of ascetics and 12 minor vows of laity under yoga. This has led certain Indologists like Prof. Robert J. Zydenbos to call Jainism, essentially, a system of yogic thinking that grew into a full fledged religion.	.	PUNCT	The	DET	 The
There was a ceremony in the Congress, where his body was displayed in the Blue Hall, that was attended by almost a thousand people. His widow María Lorenza Barreneche could not attend the funeral, because of her own poor health. It was attended by former	former	ADJ	presidents	NOUN	 presidents
Robert's sons, John, Earl of Carrick, the king's heir, and Robert, Earl of Fife, were made keepers of the castles of Edinburgh and Stirling respectively, while Alexander, Lord of Badenoch and Ross, and afterwards Earl of Buchan, became	became	VERB	the	DET	 the
Clyde also lost to Celtic in the Scottish Cup semi final, following a replay. It was Speirs ' only season with Clyde, during which he scored a total of 10 goals from 20 appearances. Speirs left his native Scotland during the summer of 1909, to	to	PART	head	VERB	 head
The discovery led to significant improvements in diagnosis and improved antiviral treatment. In 2000, Drs. Alter and Houghton were honored with the Lasker Award for Clinical Medical Research for " pioneering work leading to the discovery of the virus that causes hepatitis C and the development of	of	ADP	screening	VERB	 screening
On November 6, 1842, Griswold visited his wife in New York after she had given birth to their third child, a son. Three days later, after returning to Philadelphia, he was informed that both she and the infant had died. Deeply shocked,	,	PUNCT	Griswold	PROPN	 Griswold
603) and Crown prince Li Jiancheng (b. 589), in the Xuanwu Gate Incident on July 2, 626. Shortly thereafter, his father abdicated in his favor and Li Shimin ascended the throne. He is conventionally known by his temple name Taizong. Although	Although	SCONJ	killing	VERB	 killing
Nevertheless, while on patrol between Armentières and Ypres on 6 September 1916 he scored his first victory. He engaged an all white Albatros B.II, and shot it down. He then chased another but it escaped through superior speed. Confirmation of his victory was given three	three	NUM	days	NOUN	 days
Villeneuve made his debut at the 1977 British Grand Prix, where he qualified 9th in McLaren's old M23, splitting the regular drivers Hunt and Jochen Mass who were driving newer M26s. In the race he set fifth fastest lap and finished 11th after being delayed for	for	ADP	two	NUM	 two
The former business loop has not been listed on the National Highway System, a network of roads important to the country's economy, defense, and mobility. Marquette's founding settlers arrived in the area on May 18, 1849, to establish the community, and	and	CCONJ	the	DET	 the
" Rock With U " was written by Shaffer Smith, Jermaine Dupri and Eric Stamile, with Dupri producing it, while Stamile co produced it. In an interview for NewNowNext, Jackson explained that the song was created for the gay community, saying, " Honestly	Honestly	ADV	the	DET	 the
He referred to morality as " a necessary spring of popular government ", and said, " Whatever may be conceded to the influence of refined education on minds of peculiar structure, reason and experience both forbid us to expect that national morality can prevail in exclusion of	of	ADP	religious	ADJ	 religious
It was known as Triaenops rufus until 2009, when it was discovered that that name had been incorrectly applied to the species. Triaenops rufus is a synonym of Triaenops persicus, a Middle Eastern species closely related to T. menamena — the Malagasy species had previously been placed	placed	VERB	as	ADP	 as
The terracing, designed by Archibald Leitch, was formed by wooden planks bolted onto a framework made of iron. A similar wooden terracing was constructed at the eastern end, giving a total capacity of 75,000. The structure was passed by the Govan Burgh Surveyor in March	March	PROPN	1902	NUM	 1902
They were the first major recurring characters outside of the Simpson family to appear. They are based on Tom and Jerry and other cat and mouse cartoons. As a child, series creator Matt Groening and his friends would fantasize about an ultra violent cartoon and how much	much	ADJ	fun	NOUN	 fun
For Bennion, Christine does not merely relive key moments of her life, but attempts to " snatch at lost moments " as she longs " for second chances ". Julie McDowall, who reviewed the episode for The Herald, also considers the viewer " totally immersed	immersed	VERB	in	ADP	 in
Douglas Home, less instinctively liberal on economic matters than Heath, would probably not have sponsored such a proposal unprompted. However, he gave Heath his backing, in the face of opposition from some cabinet colleagues, including Butler, Hailsham and Lloyd, and a substantial	substantial	ADJ	number	NOUN	 number
There were 200 more deaths among Operation Crossroads veterans than in the similar control group (12,520 vs. 12,320), implying a life span reduction of about three months for Operation Crossroads veterans. Veterans who were exposed to radiation formed the non profit National Association of Atomic Veterans	Veterans	PROPN	association	NOUN	 association
There, he suffered a heart attack, but had to be persuaded to see a doctor and refused to be admitted to a hospital. Willkie's condition only worsened as the weeks went on. He went to New York by rail in mid September, but on	on	ADP	the	DET	 the
He remained in his hometown and attended Whittier College, his expenses there covered by a bequest from his maternal grandfather. Nixon played for the basketball team; he also tried out for football, but lacked the size to play. He remained on the team as a	a	DET	substitute	NOUN	 substitute
The San Jose jury eventually awarded Apple $290 million in damages after jurors completed a one page assessment form for each infringed patent. The six woman, two man jury reached its decision after a three day period. In the first week of January 2014, a	a	DET	filing	NOUN	 filing
The highest of these was in Crowley, where 19.76 in (501.9 mm) of precipitation fell on August 9; the station would record 33.71 in (856.2 mm) of rain over the course of the storm. The torrential rainfall submerged the city under 2 ft	ft	PROPN	(	PUNCT	 (
The episodes are the 21st and 22nd of the 10th season, and the 216th and 217th episodes overall. The finale originally aired on The CW in the United States on May 13, 2011. The first half was written by Al Septien and Turi Meyer, and	and	CCONJ	directed	VERB	 directed
Thousands drowned when Lake Okeechobee breached its levees; the range of estimates of the dead spanned from 1,770 (according to the Red Cross) to 3,000 or more. Many were swept away and never recovered. The majority of the dead were black migrant workers who had	had	AUX	recently	ADV	 recently
Meanwhile, leaders of the Kilab continued to hold the title of amir al ʿarab after the Ayyubid conquest of Aleppo in 1182. As a result, Haditha's jurisdiction initially did not extend to the Aleppo region (northern Syria). However, during the latter half	half	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
The bequests to his nephews took priority, and his estate remained disputed by various creditors while the tomb was being completed. Cossa designated four prominent Florentines as his executors: Bartolommeo di Taldo Valori, Niccolò da Uzzano, Giovanni di Bicci de ' Medici, and Vieri	Vieri	PROPN	Guadagni	PROPN	 Guadagni
She hit shoal water a distance of three ship lengths from the main channel. Lifted some 7 feet (2.1 m) above waterline, she stuck hard and fast. With the aid of tugboats, pontoons, and a rising tide, she was refloated on 1	1	NUM	February	PROPN	 February
(seasons 2 – present, recurring season 1) Michael Rooker as Merle Dixon: Daryl's racist and volatile older brother. In season three, he is the right hand man to the Governor. (season 3, recurring season 1, guest season 2)	)	PUNCT	Lennie	PROPN	 Lennie
While the album featured a range of different talented music producers, the bulk of the songwriting was done by Carey and her writing partner, Walter Afanasieff. In future projects, they would continue writing material for Carey's albums, until her 1999 release Rainbow, where	where	SCONJ	he	PRON	 he
... I tell you again this indecent word is not to be used any longer. It is so common amongst you that it has become the shameful nickname by which your battalion is known throughout my Division ". As the parade ended, one soldier was heard to	to	PART	ask	VERB	 ask
She toured briefly with Bob Dylan in December 1995 (chronicled in a book of photographs by Stipe). In 1996, Smith worked with her long time colleagues to record Gone Again, featuring " About a Boy ", a tribute to Kurt Cobain. That same	same	ADJ	year	NOUN	 year
" According to Andrew Pulver of The Guardian, the public fascination with war films became an " obsession ", with over 200 war films produced in each decade of the 1950s and 1960s. War film production in the United Kingdom and United States reached its zenith in	in	ADP	the	DET	 the
The range of the 1967 light was 27 nautical miles (50 km; 31 mi). The light was modernised in July 1988, with the installation of a 120 V 1 Kw tungsten halogen lamp. In 1990, the handrails and stanchions of the balcony and	and	CCONJ	external	ADJ	 external
At its height, the rebels controlled the heart of Castile, ruling the cities of Valladolid, Tordesillas, and Toledo. The revolt occurred in the wake of political instability in the Crown of Castile after the death of Queen Isabella I in 1504. Joanna the Mad	Mad	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
Near the Pungwe River, a road that connected Mozambique to Zimbabwe was destroyed. Many nearby homes and fields were destroyed, forcing numerous families to seek shelter. Throughout the nation of Mozambique, large portions of the maize, potatoes, tomatoes, cucumber, and pumpkin	pumpkin	NOUN	crops	NOUN	 crops
Dex manages to track the origin of the robot control signal, but is then captured. However, he leaves behind a part of a map marking the location of Dr. Totenkopf's base. Joe and Polly find Dex's map and fly to Nepal. Traveling into	into	ADP	the	DET	 the
Guess that they don't know ya, cause today that was yesterday. " Sady Doyle of The Atlantic interpreted these lyrics as the rapper's confession to having abused Scott, as he " turns the anger and accusations toward himself ". In the second verse,	,	PUNCT	Eminem	PROPN	 Eminem
According to an Easter Egg at the end of the largely tongue in cheek first film, the character Nathan Summers / Cable will appear in the film. In May 2015, Josh Boone was hired to direct and write a film adaptation of The New Mutants comic book	book	NOUN	series	NOUN	 series
The Castilians held Gibraltar for over twenty years, until a new deal was struck in 1333 between the Nasrid sultan Muhammad IV of Granada and the Marinid sultan Abu al Hasan Ali ibn Othman of Morocco. Moroccan forces crossed the strait to Algeciras and began the third siege	siege	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
He was the youngest of the couple's three sons, all of whom were avid horsemen. He also had two younger half brothers. He attended Phillips Andover Academy and Williams College, graduating from the latter in 1897. He was a Kappa Alpha fraternity member who	who	PRON	also	ADV	 also
Viruses were confirmed as human pathogens in 1901, with the discovery of the yellow fever virus by Walter Reed. Immunology made a great advance towards the end of the 19th century, through rapid developments, in the study of humoral immunity and cellular immunity. Particularly important	important	ADJ	was	AUX	 was
In " Total War " the terrorists tried to blackmail the Judges into relinquishing power by detonating nuclear bombs in random locations around the city at regular intervals. Three bombs exploded, killing millions, before Dredd stopped them. The attempt was counter productive, since the public	public	NOUN	was	AUX	 was
On the American right, the US 7th Marine Regiment under Colonel Glenn C. Funk occupied a linear defensive position, with two battalions forward and one back. The US 5th Marine Regiment occupied the central sector, while the US 1st Marine Regiment held the rear in divisional	divisional	ADJ	reserve	NOUN	 reserve
He was a son of the general Bardas Phokas the Younger and great nephew of Emperor Nikephoros II Phokas, and played an active role in his father's failed rebellion against Basil II in 987 – 989. After the death of his father, he sought and received	received	VERB	Basil	PROPN	 Basil
Shelby and his Overmountain Men crossed back over the Appalachian Mountains and retreated back into the territory of the Watauga Association at Sycamore Shoals in present day Elizabethton, Tennessee, and by the next month on September 25, 1780, Colonels Shelby, John Sevier, and Charles	Charles	PROPN	McDowell	PROPN	 McDowell
These style parodies include imitations of specific artists like Nine Inch Nails and The Rugburns, as well as imitations of different musical genres like zydeco, third wave ska, and truck driving country. Running with Scissors was met with mostly positive reviews, with many critics praising	praising	VERB	"	PUNCT	 "
As compensation for removing the track and field sections, the stadium company had to pay for a new municipal athletics venue at Mørkvedlia. The sales stadium's contract also required Aspmyra Eiendomsutvikling to build new change room facilities for the training pitch so the uses from teams had	had	VERB	the	DET	 the
Containing one of the slowest tempos, " Is This It " is the Strokes ' attempt at a ballad. " The Modern Age " follows and includes a guitar riff accompanied by a complementary drum line. Its staccato verse is followed by an upbeat, singalong chorus	chorus	NOUN	and	CCONJ	 and
This left only the rearmost turret, with its pair of 12 inch guns, to cover the rear quarter of the ship. Also, since the engine room was situated between the superfiring rear turret and the ones behind it, steam lines ran from the boiler rooms	rooms	NOUN	amidships	NOUN	 amidships
In a contemporary review of the play for The Sun newspaper, Nancy Banks Smith commented that, " If you didn't see it in colour, you didn't really see it ". The Year of the Sex Olympics was broadcast at 9: 08pm on BBC2	BBC2	PROPN	on	ADP	 on
He later believed that the team was overambitious, and that the game was insufficiently focused and polished as a result. Like its predecessor, Ultima Underworld II was produced by Warren Spector, who was Looking Glass ' main link to publisher Origin Systems. Church later praised	praised	VERB	Spector	PROPN	 Spector
The Vishnudharmottara Purana describes the Chaturvyuhas - Vasudeva (Krishna), Samkarshana (Balarama), Pradyumna, Aniruddha - four manifestations of Vishnu. Though the text does not explicitly equate the two forms. Many modern indologists as well as Pancharatra followers associate both of them based	based	VERB	on	ADP	 on
Piłsudski arrived at the front near Lida on 15 April, bringing reinforcements from Warsaw. His plan called for exploitation of the gap in the Soviet lines between Vilnius and Lida by an advance towards Vilnius using the road and railway. Amidst diversionary attacks, designed to draw	draw	VERB	Russian	ADJ	 Russian
This recording upset Garfunkel, who regarded it as a betrayal; the emotional tension from that incident occasionally surfacing throughout their relationship. Their last recording with Big Records was a cover of a Jan and Dean single, " Baby Talk ", but the company became bankrupt	bankrupt	ADJ	soon	ADV	 soon
After performing " Shake It Off " and the official remix version of " We Belong Together, " Carey made her way into the shallow pool, followed by Dupri and the back up dancers. At the 2005 World Music Awards, Carey performed " Shake It Off	Off	ADP	"	PUNCT	 "
And in our own language, — for he was familiar with English poetry, — speaking of the soul's dread departure from the body: As Opland notes, however, it is not entirely clear that Cuthbert is attributing this text to Bede: most manuscripts of	of	ADP	the	DET	 the
The converging aircraft collided nearly head on at an altitude of 21,000 feet (6,400 m) at an estimated closure speed of 665 knots (1,232 km / h). The descending Air Force jet, flying at 444 knots (822 km / h), had	had	AUX	clipped	VERB	 clipped
Cambridge went into the race as reigning champions, having won the 1931 race by two and a half lengths, and led overall with 42 victories to Oxford's 40 (excluding the " dead heat " of 1877). Oxford were coached by H. R. Barker (	(	PUNCT	who	PRON	who
The 24.40 mile (39.27 km) long route, shaped as a backwards C, begins at an intersection with Garden State Parkway and County Route 51 (Hope Road) in Eatontown and runs east to Long Branch. From Long Branch, the route follows the Atlantic	Atlantic	PROPN	Ocean	PROPN	 Ocean
Johnson's tailoring business prospered during the early years of the marriage, enabling him to hire help and giving him the funds to invest profitably in real estate. He later boasted of his talents as a tailor, " my work never ripped or gave way. "	"	PUNCT	He	PRON	 He
Interest in the Cottingley Fairies gradually declined after 1921. Both girls married and lived abroad for a time after they grew up, yet the photographs continued to hold the public imagination. In 1966 a reporter from the Daily Express newspaper traced Elsie, who had by then	then	ADV	returned	VERB	 returned
He saved 36 games in 41 opportunities in the regular season and finished with a 1.91 ERA. In the 1998 postseason, he pitched 13 1 ⁄ 3 scoreless innings and saved six games, three of which came in the 1998 World Series against the San Diego Padres	Padres	PROPN	.	PUNCT	.
Their It Won't Be Soon Before Long world tour took place in 2007, where the band toured 28 cities in North America. The tour began September 29 in Detroit touring in 28 cities in North America and concluded November 10 in Las Vegas. the Hives,	,	PUNCT	as	ADP	 as
Livermorium does not occur naturally at all. Oxygen makes up 21% of the atmosphere by weight, 89% of water by weight, 46% of the earth's crust by weight, and 65% of the human body. Oxygen also occurs in many minerals	minerals	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
She is the recipient of an Academy Award, an Emmy Award, four Golden Globe Awards, a Grammy Award, an AACTA Award, and three BAFTA Awards. She is the youngest person to receive six Academy Award nominations with seven nominations in total, and is	is	AUX	one	NUM	 one
The ceremonies used in modern Egypt, Malaysia, Brunei and Iran were shaped by Islam, while Tonga's ritual combines ancient Polynesian influences with more modern Anglican ones. Coronations, in one form or another, have existed since ancient times. Egyptian records show coronation scenes	scenes	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
This decree issued by the triumvirate was motivated in part by a need to raise money to pay the salaries of their troops for the upcoming conflict against Caesar's assassins, Marcus Junius Brutus and Gaius Cassius Longinus. Rewards for their arrest gave incentive for Romans to capture	capture	VERB	those	PRON	 those
This set includes four books namely (Hayatus Sahabah, Fazail e Amaal, Fazail e Sadqaat and Muntakhab Ahadith). Tablighi ethic discourages social engagement or participation with some non orthodox customary and ceremonial rituals which are usually extravagantly followed in South Asia. For example, marriages	marriages	NOUN	are	AUX	 are
It was sufficient that there had been an abuse of power which inconvenienced someone. " In support of this rule, it cited Lord Denning, the Master of the Rolls, in R. v. Greater London Council, ex parte Blackburn (1976): I regard it as	as	ADP	a	DET	 a
There it joined the British 27th Infantry Brigade, a garrison formation hurriedly committed from Hong Kong by the British government as the situation deteriorated around the Pusan Perimeter in late August to bolster the US Eighth Army under Lieutenant General Walton Walker. Commanded by Brigadier Basil Coad,	,	PUNCT	the	DET	 the
Many games in the series have sold well, despite a decline during the 2000s which resulted in the series ' near cancellation. Individual entries have generally been praised, and the series as a whole has been praised for its gameplay, and it is cited as the	the	DET	origin	NOUN	 origin
The New York Times listed Malenkov and Beria first and second among the ten man Presidium — and Khrushchev last. However, on March 14, Malenkov resigned from the secretariat of the Central Committee. This came due to concerns that he was acquiring too much power.	.	PUNCT	The	DET	 The
Aguilera's performance, as well as Rihanna's one of " What's My Name? ", received criticism for being inappropriate for pre watershed television. ITV was later exonerated and the performances were deemed to be " at the limit " of acceptability for pre watershed	watershed	VERB	television	NOUN	 television
Liddell chose to reject the contract offer, reportedly estimated at £12,000. His wife Phyllis, whom he married in 1946, later attributed the decision to club loyalty and the recent birth of twins. He later recalled that the proposal had been tempting, acknowledging that	that	SCONJ	the	DET	 the
Balloons and rainbows are shown behind them and a whale jumps out of the water before the screen goes black and the words ' Game over ' appear. More live action footage of the band follows with Huw Bunford raising his hands in triumph at completing the game and	and	CCONJ	Guto	PROPN	 Guto
The first construction phase included a 1 metre (3.3 ft) high wall that was later covered by the stucco floor of a small north facing room. On the east side of the structure, the walls were still found to stand to a height of 2.55 metres	metres	NOUN	(	PUNCT	 (
The bill itself was formally introduced to the House of Commons on 4 March 1907. The subject was debated in the House of Lords on 21 March, where the proposed changed to the Militia were strongly opposed. The bill had its second reading in the Commons on	on	ADP	9	NUM	 9
He emphasized the need for vocational, as well as academic, education: " I preach the gospel of work, " he wrote, " I believe in skilled labor as a part of education. " He urged Congress, unsuccessfully, to pass a bill written	written	VERB	by	ADP	 by
He was a presidential elector in 1864, and a representative to the Massachusetts House of Representatives in 1864 – 1865 and 1867. He was a fellow of the American Academy of Arts and Sciences, and a member of other scientific societies. In 1876, Clark was	was	AUX	invited	VERB	 invited
Carter responded to the Soviet intervention by withdrawing the SALT II treaty from the Senate, imposing embargoes on grain and technology shipments to the USSR, and demanding a significant increase in military spending, and further announced that the United States would boycott the 1980 Moscow Summer Olympics	Olympics	PROPN	.	PUNCT	.
The larvae may girdle a root, thereby causing its death, or the lesions may be only partial, allowing the root to continue functioning, albeit with some deformity. The subterranean habitat of the larvae generally provides protection from predation, but the larvae are sometimes parasitised	parasitised	VERB	by	ADP	 by
Scheyer played a prank after Duke's win. He tweeted his more than 6,700 Twitter followers: " Hollerrrrr at me!!! 847 970-....! ". But instead of including his own cell number, it was the cell number of his former high school	school	NOUN	teammate	NOUN	 teammate
The paintings were archived, and in 1991 they were restored and mounted in the California Room of the state capitol, room 4203, renamed the John L. Burton Hearing Room. The regal central figure shows Califia dressed in proto Mexican finery, holding a spear in her	her	PRON	left	ADJ	 left
Polar jet streams are typically located near the 250 hPa (about 1 / 4 atmosphere) pressure level, or 7 to 12 kilometres (4.3 to 7.5 mi) above sea level, while the weaker subtropical jet streams are much higher, between 10 and 16 kilometres	kilometres	NOUN	(	PUNCT	 (
The highlight of Vlasic's season was a matchup on December 8 against his old team, the Chargers. After replacing DeBerg in the second half with the Chiefs down by 14 points, Vlasic completed 12 of 18 passes for 150 yards and a touchdown as the Chiefs	Chiefs	PROPN	beat	VERB	 beat
At the end of the season he signed his first professional contract, and Crewe were promoted into the First Division as runners up in the Second Division. His second game came on 17 March 2004 at the Boleyn Ground; he replaced Clayton Ince after 86 minutes with	with	ADP	the	DET	 the
On 24 May Abbott formally took up his position, attending the House of Lords regularly, and was the last Chief Justice to wear his official robes to the Lords (other than those acting as interim Speakers). In 1830 he introduced several bills to Parliament following	following	VERB	reports	NOUN	 reports
The discovery of a Cyathus species in Dominican amber (C. dominicanus) suggests that the basic form of the bird's nest fungi had already evolved by the Cretaceous era and that the group had diversified by the mid Cenozoic. The life cycle of the genus Cyathus,	,	PUNCT	which	PRON	 which
The late 20th century saw an extensive restoration programme, particularly of the west front. The stained glass is currently under restoration, with a programme underway to conserve the large 14th century Jesse Tree window at the eastern terminal of the choir. Since the 13th century,	,	PUNCT	Wells	PROPN	 Wells
On March 18, 2006 Martin tendered his resignation as Leader of the Liberal Party of Canada. Prime Minister Harper said he would move forward with his top five priorities from the campaign. At least four of these would require legislative action: the passage of a Federal	Federal	PROPN	Accountability	PROPN	 Accountability
Before the sisters can transform Kyra into a mortal, Zankou kills her because of her betrayal of the demonic world, and his fear of what she might tell the sisters. Her death is a turning point in the season as it pushes the sisters to agree to	to	PART	meet	VERB	 meet
Before making it to the NHL, Burrows also enjoyed a prolific ball hockey career, competing in national and international tournaments in the summers. In 2005, he was named the International Ball Hockey Player of the Year. He has also been inducted into the Canadian and	and	CCONJ	International	PROPN	 International
Penn National said it planned to return live racing and simulcast wagering to the track as well as pushing for changes in Maryland gaming laws allowing slots and table games. Penn National said it was hoping to convince the state to allow slot machines at the track, even	even	ADV	though	SCONJ	 though
This portion of the belt was 200 ft (61 m) long and 9 feet 3 inches (3 m) wide. On either end of the ship, the belt then thinned, first to 7 in, then to 5 in (127 mm) and	and	CCONJ	finally	ADV	 finally
The pH of fresh ash leachates is highly variable, depending on the presence of an acidic gas condensate (primarily as a consequence of the gases SO2, HCl and HF in the eruption plume) on the ash surface. The crystalline solid structure of the salts act	act	VERB	more	ADJ	 more
The singer revealed that she was " embarrassed " after she recorded " Partition " because of its overtly sexual lyrics. Speaking about how the other part of the song materialized, Beyoncé said: It takes me back to being in my car as a teenager. It	It	PRON	takes	VERB	 takes
The committee – who decided the venue for the 2008 final and the 2008 and 2009 UEFA Cup Finals at the same meeting – based their decision on a number of factors, including stadium capacity, safety and security facilities, and accessibility. The Stadio Olimpico in Rome	Rome	PROPN	had	AUX	 had
Described in Samuel Lewis's A Topographical Dictionary of England (1848) as situated " on a gentle declivity ", Ashton under Lyne lies on undulating ground by the Pennines, reaching a maximum elevation of about 1,000 feet (305 m) above sea level. It	It	PRON	is	AUX	 is
Bosbyshell was hired, despite the fact that he was a Republican in a Democratic run municipal administration, because of his friendship with Controller Robert Dechert. Having maintained his involvement in the GAR, Bosbyshell was in charge of the committee on arrangements for the Tenth National Encampment	Encampment	PROPN	of	ADP	 of
They were unwilling to render B. integrifolia paraphyletic by elevating this taxon to species rank, and they were equally unwilling to elevate all four varieties to species rank, since the others all had significant overlaps in distribution and morphology. Therefore, they simply promoted all four to	to	ADP	subspecies	NOUN	 subspecies
In the summer of 1968, under what Sesame Street researchers Edward Palmer and Shalom Fisch called Lesser's " able leadership ", five three day curriculum planning seminars were conducted in Boston. The purpose of the seminars, attended by educational experts and the new show's	's	PART	writers	NOUN	 writers
The two pairs of casemates were linked by transverse armored bulkheads; the outer bulkhead was 194 mm thick while the inner bulkhead was 120 mm (4.7 in) thick. The main conning tower had 200 mm thick sides. Underwater protection consisted of a cofferdam built into	into	ADP	the	DET	 the
Szigeti was dismayed by this trend, especially since he considered the fast paced and intense preparation necessary for high level competitions to be " … incompatible with the slow maturing either of the performing artist or of the repertoire. " Szigeti believed that such accelerated development of a	a	DET	musician	NOUN	 musician
According to Carey, writing " Can't Take That Away (Mariah's Theme) " helped her get through rough emotional moments with her label's management, and even times when she felt overwhelmed by others. During the early stages of the album, Carey said	said	VERB	she	PRON	 she
Keyboardist of the group, Ricky Vela retold in a 2002 interview how the band hired a professional trumpist to record parts of the song. " Si Una Vez " is a Spanish language mariachi fusion track with influences of cumbia and Latin dance music. Author Deborah Paredez	Paredez	PROPN	called	VERB	 called
Astronomical measurements show that the proton to electron mass ratio has held the same value for at least half the age of the universe, as is predicted by the Standard Model. Electrons have an electric charge of − 1.602 × 10 − 19 coulomb, which is used	used	VERB	as	ADP	 as
It's dazzling craftsmanship – yet sweet and unforced. " The 1970 demo version of " Run of the Mill " appears briefly in Martin Scorsese's George Harrison: Living in the Material World documentary (2011), playing over a scene where Harrison takes to the	the	DET	stage	NOUN	 stage
This puffball was originally described in 1790 by French botanist Jean Baptiste François Pierre Bulliard as Lycoperdon utriforme, and since then, has been variously placed in the genera Bovista, Lycoperdon, Calvatia, and Utraria. In 1989, German mycologist Hanns Kreisel described the genus Handkea	Handkea	PROPN	to	PART	 to
Tigranes refused Appius Claudius ' demands, stating that he would prepare for war against the Republic. Lucullus was astonished upon hearing this in the year 70, and he began to prepare for an immediate invasion of Armenia. Although he had no mandate from the Senate to	to	PART	authorize	VERB	 authorize
The minimum was 8.2 cubic feet per second (0.23 m3 / s) on October 28, 1992. In addition to the three main stem gauges, the USGS operates five other stream gauges in the Bull Run watershed. Each of the following tributaries has one gauge	gauge	NOUN	:	PUNCT	:
In 1908 Beecham and the New Symphony Orchestra parted company, disagreeing about artistic control and, in particular, the deputy system. Under this system, orchestral players, if offered a better paid engagement elsewhere, could send a substitute to a rehearsal or a concert.	.	PUNCT	The	DET	 The
At this intersection, SR 177 turns northeast and travels across the Mojave Desert, through the Chuckwalla Valley. It passes near the Desert Center Airport and comes near Palen Lake, a dry lake. The highway passes along the southeastern boundary of Joshua Tree National Park before	before	ADP	turning	VERB	 turning
On January 31, White scored 22 points, including the winning shot with 1.8 seconds left in a 72 – 70 victory over Kansas State. White's seventh double double came on February 7 against Oklahoma State when he scored 15 points and added 12 rebounds. On	On	ADP	February	PROPN	 February
The Government did not pursue them; apparently its officials considered they had been sufficiently punished. In January 1833 two Noongar, Gyallipert and Manyat, visited Perth from King George Sound, where relations between settlers and natives were amicable. Two settlers, Richard [Robert?	?	X	]	X	]
The book was first published in 1976 in a hardcover format by Holt, Rinehart and Winston, and a paperback edition was released later in the same year. It was published in German in 1983 by Hugendubel. In November 2008, Luke Rhinehart, in association with	with	ADP	Joe	PROPN	 Joe
The chronicler Richard Grafton, who knew him, described Guildford as " a comely, virtuous and goodly gentleman ". In 1552 Northumberland unsuccessfully tried to marry Guildford to Margaret Clifford, a cousin of Jane Grey. Instead, in the spring of 1553, Guildford was	was	AUX	engaged	VERB	 engaged
The team generated some controversy in 2006 when they lured running back Ricky Williams from the NFL. Williams had repeatedly violated NFL drug policies and was under suspension for the year; he played just one season with the Argos. In 2010 the team again saw an ownership	ownership	NOUN	change	NOUN	 change
According to booster Jack Heise, Byrd financed a new basketball arena through the out of state tuition, paid by the federal government, for Maryland high school graduates who attended the university on the G.I. Bill. The General Accounting Office calculated that the extra fees totaled more	more	ADJ	than	ADP	 than
The episode was written by series creators David Lynch and Mark Frost, and directed by Duwayne Dunham. " Episode 1 " features series regulars Kyle MacLachlan, Michael Ontkean, and Richard Beymer. Dunham was offered the role of directing the episode by Lynch, who wanted	wanted	VERB	Dunham	PROPN	 Dunham
No. 224 had three claims to fame: it was the first inside cylinder 4 4 0 to run in Great Britain; the locomotive involved in the Tay Bridge disaster; and after rebuilding in 1885, was the only compound expansion locomotive on the NBR and one	one	NUM	of	ADP	 of
In low lying areas, 1,580 residents of the Dominican Republic and more than 1,000 Haitians were evacuated as the storm approached. Small craft were advised to stay in port, while Haiti's Toussaint Louverture International Airport was closed. The Cayman Islands were expected to suffer badly	badly	ADV	if	SCONJ	 if
In contrast to the abnormal movements of other movement disorders (for example, choreas, dystonias, myoclonus, and dyskinesias), the tics of Tourette's are temporarily suppressible, nonrhythmic, and often preceded by an unwanted premonitory urge. Immediately preceding tic onset, most	most	ADJ	individuals	NOUN	 individuals
Lack of well defined case and control groups, insufficient sample size, control for multiple testing and control for population stratification are common problems. Particularly the statistical issue of multiple testing wherein it has been noted that " the GWA approach can be problematic because the massive number	number	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
This episode was generally well received by critics. Abby West of Entertainment Weekly stated that " one of the many things I love about the show is how current it is. I love the pop culture references, like Lost's Dharma Initiative, Deal or No Deal	Deal	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
He ended up fielding to a greater extent than he would have imagined, after Simon Jones ruptured knee ligaments while fielding, and took no further part in the match. Brought back into the side for the second Test for the injured John Crawley, Key made a	a	DET	solitary	ADJ	 solitary
Of the estimated 100,000 Herdwick sheep present before the outbreak, a full 25% were lost. They were not easily replaceable because long standing herds are hefted so the introduction of new stock to the fells would have required extensive fencing. The call for vaccination rather than	than	ADP	culling	VERB	 culling
German intelligence had identified Northwest Africa as the " Achilles ' heel " of the French colonies, and encouraging resistance there became an important objective. Their involvement began in 1914, with the Germans attempting to find a suitable Moroccan leader that they could use to unite the	the	DET	tribes	NOUN	 tribes
This symmetry will generally preserve only a patch of tiles around the center point, but the patch can be very large: Conway and Penrose proved that whenever the colored curves on the P2 or P3 tilings close in a loop, the region within the loop has pentagonal	pentagonal	ADJ	symmetry	NOUN	 symmetry
Only two basic GA airfields, Silverstone and Duxford, are licensed, and all airstrips are unlicensed. The Light Aviation Airports Study Group, a joint CAA industry initiative, was established in 2005 to review the regulation of light aviation aerodromes. A particular focus of this	this	DET	group	NOUN	 group
In August 2015, Capital Bikeshare announced that it had found a new equipment supplier and would add 435 bikes and 40 stations in D.C. and 140 bikes and 20 stations elsewhere. It also reported having 29,000 members who had taken a total of more than 10.5 million trips	trips	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
The local climate is notable for its high sunshine levels, at least relative to much of the rest of England - Eastbourne holds the record for the highest recorded amount of sunshine in a month, 383.9 hours in July 1911. Temperature extremes recorded at Eastbourne since 1960	1960	NUM	range	NOUN	 range
The initial Overlord plan called for the British Second Army to secure the city and then form a front line from Caumont l ' Éventé to the south east of Caen, to acquire space for airfields and to protect the left flank of the United States First Army while	while	SCONJ	it	PRON	 it
On 14 February 1556, he was degraded from holy orders and returned to Bocardo. He had conceded very little and Edmund Bonner was not satisfied with these admissions. On 24 February a writ was issued to the mayor of Oxford and the date of Cranmer's execution	execution	NOUN	was	AUX	 was
Dealing with the themes of witchcraft, the film was based on ' Mobius Trips ', a short story written by Konkona Sen Sharma's father. It received mixed reviews from critics, but proved to be a profitable venture at the box office. His next production	production	NOUN	venture	NOUN	 venture
". Larwood then knocked Woodfull's bat from his hands, bringing further demonstrations from the crowd. Later in the innings a Larwood delivery struck Bert Oldfield on the head, causing his retirement from the match. The crowd's reaction was such that Larwood thought a	a	DET	full	ADJ	 full
The scholar Anders Hallengren writes that because Hemingway learned from Pound to " distrust adjectives, " he created a style " in accordance with the esthetics and ethics of raising the emotional temperature towards the level of universal truth by shutting the door on sentiment, on the subjective	subjective	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
In the economic austerity of post war Britain, Larwood's business made little money. He was persuaded, largely by his erstwhile opponent Jack Fingleton, that he would find better prospects and a warm welcome in Australia, and he decided to emigrate there with his family	family	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
In 2004, Max was ranked at No. 17 in TV Guide's list of the " 25 Greatest Sci Fi Legends ", and in 2012, Dave Golder from GamesRadar ranked her at No. 49 on his list of the 100 sexiest women in sci fi	fi	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
The earliest road to be built was Mount Osmond Road, and done so by early developers in 1882 to make the suburb more attractive to prospective buyers. Mount Osmond Road remains one of two sealed roads which can today access Mount Osmond and is located to the south	south	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
" Melissa Walters at BlackFilm.com, while believing some of the writing to be clichéd and the story familiar, also called the film " heartfelt, genuine, and enjoyable. " Film critic Roger Ebert awarded the film three stars in his Chicago Sun Times review, declaring	declaring	VERB	the	DET	 the
A music video for " Until It's Gone " was then released on June 11, 2014. " Wastelands " was released on the iTunes Store on June 1, 2014, and later as a single on June 2. On June 3, 2014, Bennington	Bennington	PROPN	appeared	VERB	 appeared
Just before to the No. 2 Audi's accident, the GT1 leading Aston Martin had also come off the track, damaging its front splitter. The necessary repairs led to the car spending eight minutes in the garage, dropping it to fourth in class. The	The	DET	lone	ADJ	 lone
An 1849 edition of Allen's Narrative. edited by Stephen Carl Arch. (2000). A Narrative of Colonel Ethan Allen's Captivity. Copley Publishing Group. ISBN 978 1 58390 009 3. A 2000 edition of Allen's Narrative available at Amazon in March	March	PROPN	2009	NUM	 2009
He was re signed on July 12, 2010, to a one year contract worth $625,000. Until suffering an upper body injury during practice in early March 2011, Glass was the lone staple on the Canucks ' fourth line, playing with a rotation of wingers	wingers	NOUN	and	CCONJ	 and
General Longstreet effectively put Alexander in charge of launching Maj. Gen. George Pickett on his famous charge, placing the young colonel under enormous pressure to determine whether the Union artillery defenses had been suppressed. Alexander would blame Lee for the defeat at Gettysburg, writing in 1901	1901	NUM	:	PUNCT	:
The John Hart Highway portion of Highway 97 runs east west through Chetwynd, connecting the town to Dawson Creek (102 km or 67 mi east) and Prince George (304 km or 185 mi south). Highway 29 (Don Philips Way) runs north south	south	ADV	through	ADP	 through
Aston Villa were in an elite group of seven clubs that has played in every Premier League season, the other six being Tottenham Hotspur, Chelsea, Everton, Liverpool, Manchester United and Arsenal since its establishment in 1992 – 93 until they were relegated in 2016.	.	PUNCT	They	PRON	 They
A few houses were also destroyed in Bimini. The death toll in the Bahamas was at least 125. In North Carolina, storm surge and rough sea destroyed fishing piers and bridges, as well as sink about 10 vessels. Because Hatteras Island was almost entirely inundated	inundated	VERB	with	ADP	 with
VP0, which is further cleaved into VP2 and VP4, VP1 and VP3, proteins of the viral capsid. After translation, transcription / genome replication which involve a single process (synthesis of (+) RNA) is realized. In order for the infecting (	(	PUNCT	+	NOUN	+
The band struggled to complete " Stand Up Comedy ", a song they had been working on since the Fez sessions 16 months previously. The song had been through multiple iterations and titles, including " For Your Love " and " Stand Up ". U2 cut	cut	NOUN	"	PUNCT	 "
Although the work was based on the same Nietzsche work as Richard Strauss's Also sprach Zarathustra, Delius distanced himself from the Strauss work, which he considered a complete failure. Nor was Strauss an admirer of Delius, as he was of Elgar; he told Delius	Delius	PROPN	that	SCONJ	 that
The pilot had taken off to return to his home in California near the end of the show when the crash occurred. 18 May 2012 – Hawker Hunter crash in Ventura County, California 29 October 2014 – Hawker Hunter crash in Ventura County, California 22 August 2015	2015	NUM	–	PUNCT	 –
The states of Maryland, Michigan, and New York have classified U. inflata as an endangered or threatened species while Tennessee has listed it as a species with " special concern ". U. inflata inhabits aquatic environments such as lakes, ditches, and swamps from shallow to	to	ADP	deep	ADJ	 deep
Coves in the area vary by elevation and topography, with second growth oak and hickory more common in lower lying areas. The surrounding forests contain rich, high altitude flora including rare wildflowers and ferns, such as Persistent Trillium, which grows near Rhododendron. Nearby boulderfields	boulderfields	NOUN	by	ADP	 by
Crawford also missed the beginning of the season; a newspaper article by Albert Trott, a former Australian Test all rounder now playing for Middlesex, suggested that Crawford withdrew from the team because he was not appointed captain in Leveson Gower's absence. Instead Harry Bush,	,	PUNCT	who	PRON	 who
He ordered his company of seven Panzer IVs to follow him over a bridge across an anti tank ditch. Crossing the bridge they fanned out on the lower slope of Hill 252.2. On the crest of the hill, Sturmbannführer Joachim Peiper's 3rd Panzergrenadier Battalion of the	the	DET	2nd	ADJ	 2nd
The ukiyo e artist Hokusai popularized the Japanese term for comics and cartooning, manga, in the early 19th century. In the post war era modern Japanese comics began to flourish when Osamu Tezuka produced a prolific body of work. Towards the close of the 20th century	century	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
As the French ranks wavered, the leading squadrons of Württemberg ’ s Danish horse – now unhampered by enemy fire from either village – were also sent into the attack and fell upon the exposed flank of the Franco Swiss infantry and dragoons. De la Colonie, with	with	ADP	his	PRON	 his
The School of Humanities, Arts, and Social Sciences and the MIT Sloan School of Management were formed in 1950 to compete with the powerful Schools of Science and Engineering. Previously marginalized faculties in the areas of economics, management, political science, and linguistics emerged into	into	ADP	cohesive	ADJ	 cohesive
On 26 November 2003 Concorde 216 made the final Concorde flight, returning to Bristol Filton Airport as the centrepiece of a proposed air museum which is planned to include the existing Bristol Aero collection (including a Bristol Britannia). The aerospace industry remains a major sector of	of	ADP	the	DET	 the
She blamed Byron for the rest of her life for Allegra's death. Scandalized by Byron's reputation and the child's illegitimacy, the rector of St. Mary's Parish Church in Harrow, Middlesex, England, refused to place a plaque on Allegra's grave and	and	CCONJ	permitted	VERB	 permitted
At times, I feel worthless. I have an argument with a friend, all that I ’ ve come to like about myself is suddenly falling apart. Who can love me if I don ’ t even like myself? It ’ s hard to drag ourselves	ourselves	PRON	out	ADP	 out
During the first week 6 RAR conducted ambushes along Route 23 between Dat Do and the Suoi Tre river, pre empting Viet Cong attacks in the area during the Tet holiday. The results of this operation were modest, and the Australians suffered a number of casualties from	from	ADP	a	DET	 a
This was the first time tanks had been used in the campaign and the going was slow. By 19: 00 on 30 March they reached the ' B ' Echelon position. Early on 31 March the tanks moved up to the battalion headquarters on Slater's Knoll	Knoll	PROPN	where	SCONJ	 where
A knight or magistrate would wear an augusticlavus, a tunic bearing small purple studs. Senators wore tunics with broad red stripes, called tunica laticlavia. Military tunics were shorter than the ones worn by civilians. Boys, up until the festival of Liberalia, wore the	the	DET	toga	NOUN	 toga
If Iredale (another selector) agrees with you as to Macartney's inclusion, I favour yourself standing down not Minnett. " Hill saw the offer to remove himself from the team as sore provocation and his team mates scorned the suggestion. Australia lost the Third Test	Test	PROPN	by	ADP	 by
For Metternich, however, the tedium and homesickness only increased. In March 1851 Melanie induced him to write to the new political force in Vienna, Prince Schwarzenberg, to ask if he might return if he promised not to interfere in public affairs. In April he	he	PRON	received	VERB	 received
That year, Alabama received a great deal of industry attention: Billboard named them New Group for the Year, Radio & Records called them Group of the Year, and the Academy of Country Music (ACM) deemed the band the Vocal Group of the Year.	.	PUNCT	The	DET	 The
She appeared in a cameo role. Maaney's scenes were filmed in three days. Salim grew a beard and shaved his head for his role. He said, " My getup in the movie is similar to that of Dwayne Johnson ". Kunjunni S. Kumar,	,	PUNCT	son	NOUN	 son
3rd laird The third laird, also named James, inherited the estate in 1777; he was usually referred to as the Member to differentiate him from previous generations. Like his forebears, he was an advocate but also became a Member of Parliament. He too continued	continued	VERB	to	PART	 to
The lower part of the legs are pale on the inside and clear white spots are present just above the hooves. The coat is fawn brown in male juveniles, and grows darker with age, eventually becoming charcoal in old bulls. Males have a short dark erect	erect	ADJ	crest	NOUN	 crest
The New York Jets drafted Sanchez using the fifth overall selection in the 2009 NFL Draft, making him the first quarterback selected by the Jets in the first round since Chad Pennington. To select Sanchez, the Jets traded their first and second round selections and three players	players	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
" The album's musical style is primarily described as speed metal, thrash metal and heavy metal. Jon Pareles of The New York Times wrote that with Body Count, Ice T " has recognized a kinship between his gangster raps and post punk, hard core rock	rock	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
In February 1779, Clark arrived at Vincennes in a surprise winter expedition and retook the town, capturing Hamilton in the process. This expedition secured most of southern Indiana for the United States. In 1780, emulating Clark's success at Vincennes, French officer Augustin de	de	X	La	PROPN	 La
Although small numbers of British personnel had been deployed previously, Palliser was the first large scale intervention by British forces in the Sierra Leone Civil War. In early May 2000, the Revolutionary United Front (RUF) — one of the main parties to the civil war	war	NOUN	—	PUNCT	 —
This review also classified a partial postcranial skeleton (SAM PK K1328) from Voyizane as Heterodontosaurus. However, in 2014, Galton suggested it might belong the related genus Pegomastax instead, which was named by Sereno based on a partial skull from the same locality. In	In	ADP	1970	NUM	 1970
A cotton field covering 94 acres was ruined nearby. At Smithville, North Carolina, numerous ships experienced damage, while considerable destruction to structures was observed, with many wharves wrecked. Meanwhile, at Wilmington, the hurricane inflicted widespread damage, with many wharves severely damaged	damaged	VERB	,	PUNCT	,
Bear McCreary was hired to compose the score for the series. McCreary stated that the main theme was based on his viewing of production designs for the opening title sequence. Instead of doing a full theme song as with his earlier works, McCreary chose to use a	a	DET	simple	NOUN	 simple
Both parents feed their young. Small chicks are fed by regurgitation; after about a week they are able to put their heads into their parent ’ s pouch and feed themselves. Sometimes before, or especially after, being fed, they may seem to have a	a	DET	seizure	NOUN	 seizure
The Kop was also covered for the first time and increased to a 7,000 capacity. Other minor work was carried out to the ground's other two stands. On 14 December 1986, 582 days after the fire, The Hon Sir Oliver Popplewell, who had conducted	conducted	VERB	the	DET	 the
This caused famine unlike anything those of the time had seen before, weakening the people of Europe and the Middle East. The cause of these disasters aren't precisely known, but the Rabaul caldera, Lake Ilopango and Krakatoa volcanoes or a collision with a swarm of	of	ADP	meteors	NOUN	 meteors
The variety most commonly associated with the name in English is of Ukrainian origin and includes beetroots as one of the main ingredients, which gives the dish a distinctive red color. It shares the name, however, with a wide selection of sour tasting soups without beetroots	beetroots	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
Four days before the shooting, he brought his mother a present, though it was several weeks before her birthday; he also brought a note and two bags of belongings, which she did not discover until long after the shooting. Lépine had previously always been very	very	ADV	punctual	ADJ	 punctual
To stand in for the Seabourn Legend during the finale, two mock ups were constructed in Florida and towed to Saint Martin. The first mock up, dubbed the " bridge ship ", was a reconstruction of the bow and bridge built atop the hull of the	the	DET	Sturgeon	PROPN	 Sturgeon
The low temperature of the caves means that they can be used for maturing Cheddar cheese. The caves are the site of the first cave dives in Britain which were undertaken by Jack Sheppard and Graham Balcombe. Since the 1930s divers have explored the extensive network of chambers	chambers	NOUN	developing	VERB	 developing
In January 1952, Pollard succeeded Colonel John Wilton as Director of Military Operations and Plans at Army Headquarters, and became Chairman of the Joint Planning Committee. That August he was one of the Australian delegates joining the Minister for External Affairs, Richard Casey, for the	the	DET	inaugural	ADJ	 inaugural
She was also the mother of the second Tokugawa shogun, Tokugawa Hidetada. During their relationship, Lady Saigō influenced Ieyasu's philosophies, choice of allies, and policies as he rose to power during the late Sengoku period, and she thus had an indirect effect on	on	ADP	the	DET	 the
He moved to Southern California in 2012 to train with John Smith and opened his outdoor season with a wind aided run of 9.85 seconds. A 200 m win followed at the Doha Diamond League meet. He entered the 2012 US Olympic Trials and reached the 100 m	m	NOUN	final	ADJ	 final
Grampa takes him home, while Willie gives the wolf some alcohol and consoles him about losing. Mr. Burns attempts to seduce Marge, who tells him that she is married. He dismisses her, so she threatens a lawsuit and enlists the help of Lionel Hutz,	,	PUNCT	who	PRON	 who
In January 2015, Daniel Bryan returned to the ring having recovered from his injury. That month at the Royal Rumble event, Brock Lesnar retained his title in a triple threat match against John Cena and Seth Rollins; the New Age Outlaws ' return to the ring	ring	NOUN	saw	VERB	 saw
In the game, Ulis, who had 23 points and 4 assists, tied the score with 21 seconds in regulation and with 50 seconds left in overtime. In the April 18 Jordan Brand Classic, Ulis posted 9 points and 9 assists. He was selected to	to	ADP	the	DET	 the
Wisden hailed Bradman as, " the greatest phenomenon in the history of cricket, indeed in the history of all ball games ". Statistician Charles Davis analysed the statistics for several prominent sportsmen by comparing the number of standard deviations that they stand above the mean for their	their	PRON	sport	NOUN	 sport
While this contradicted the British statement that paramountcy would lapse on the transfer of power, the Congress position had always been that independent India would inherit the position of being the paramount power. Democratisation still left open one important distinction between the former princely states and the former	former	ADJ	British	ADJ	 British
" The episode has also appeared on various " Best Of " lists of The X Files. Other episodes fared worse. " Schizogeny " was derided by critics: The A.V. Club reviewer Todd VanDerWerff noted that the episode " might be the very worst episode of The	The	DET	X	PROPN	 X
Arkwright's stutter was not in the script; Barker was inspired to use it by Melvyn's performance and use of a stutter in a 1955 play the two performed at the Palace Theatre called Hot Water. Open All Hours aired one series in 1976 on BBC Two	Two	NUM	but	CCONJ	 but
Intimate and revealing, it made an appropriate end to the album, and was evident that Mariah was growing, changing, and becoming much more herself, confident of who she was and what she could do. " Daydream received universal acclaim at the time of its	its	PRON	release	NOUN	 release
Angered, Joe then begins to take his son to jail and handcuffs him. Kevin reminds his father of a time when he let a homeless man get away with stealing a can of tomato soup to feed his hungry family, for whom he had felt sorry.	.	PUNCT	Emotional	ADJ	 Emotional
As a result of the escalating violence the government was forced to appeal for international peacekeepers on 25 May. Peacekeepers began to arrive in Dili the next day and eventually restored order. A total of 37 people were killed in the fighting in April and May and 155,000	155,000	NUM	fled	VERB	 fled
The film, about a faded Hollywood actor (Michael Keaton) struggling to mount a Broadway play, opened the 71st Venice International Film Festival and received an October theatrical release in specialty theaters, generating widespread critical acclaim. Cinemablend felt that Watts and Norton shared an "	"	PUNCT	explosive	ADJ	 explosive
Beyond the specific factions of anarchist thought is philosophical anarchism, which embodies the theoretical stance that the state lacks moral legitimacy without accepting the imperative of revolution to eliminate it. A component especially of individualist anarchism philosophical anarchism may accept the existence of a minimal state as unfortunate	unfortunate	ADJ	,	PUNCT	,
The song was written by Ester Dean, Traci Hale, Mikkel S. Eriksen and Tor Erik Hermansen of StarGate and Baria Qureshi, Romy Croft, Oliver Sim and Jamie Smith of The xx, with production helmed by StarGate. A power ballad, " Drunk on Love	Love	PROPN	"	PUNCT	 "
Hellcats has been described as " Election meets Bring It On " by critics. It received generally mixed reviews during its first season, obtaining a Metacritic weighted average of 51 percent, based on the impression of 22 critics. The series also earned a nomination in the	the	DET	2011	NUM	 2011
During these years, he participated in an anti segregation sit in at a Wilmington theatre. Academically, Biden was an above average student, was considered a natural leader among the students, and was elected class president during his junior and senior years. He graduated in	in	ADP	1961	NUM	 1961
Some have called this a publicity stunt designed to recruit members. Go Topless Day is their annual event, with women protesting topless except for nipple pasties to avoid arrest. It is held near 26 August, the anniversary of the day women were given the USA right	right	NOUN	to	PART	 to
When US 62 first appeared on the state highway map in 1930, it had the same basic routing as it did today. In 1930, most of the highway was of gravel or earthen construction. The only portions of the highway that were paved were from Chickasha	Chickasha	PROPN	to	ADP	 to
Also in 2006, Whitaker appeared in T.I. ' s music video " Live in the Sky " alongside Jamie Foxx. Whitaker was cast in the Criminal Minds spin off, Criminal Minds: Suspect Behavior, that was subsequently cancelled by CBS on May 17, 2011.	.	PUNCT	Whitaker	PROPN	 Whitaker
The Regina Margherita class battleships were also equipped with four 17.7 in (450 mm) torpedo tubes placed in the hull below the waterline. The ships of the Regina Margherita class were protected with Harvey steel manufactured in Terni. The main belt was 6 in (152	152	NUM	mm	NUM	 mm
As the Blitz hit London, Crowley relocated to Torquay, where he was briefly hospitalised with asthma, and entertained himself with visits to the local chess club. Tiring of Torquay, he returned to London, where he was visited by American Thelemite Grady McMurtry, to	to	PART	whom	PRON	 whom
Lake made contact with the Wakkerstroom Zionists led by Pieter Louis Le Roux, and many Zionists joined the Apostolic Faith Mission. Their influence can be seen in the AFM's practice of baptism by triple immersion, once each in the name of the Father, and the	the	DET	Son	PROPN	 Son
Richard Chopping again provided the cover art for the first edition: a skull with gold coins for the eyes and a rose in its mouth. The book was dedicated to " gentle reader, William Plomer ", the editor of a number of the Fleming novels.	.	PUNCT	Fleming	NOUN	 Fleming
" The scent is said to " encapsulate the spirit " of Beckham, which, according to Rebecca Twomey of Digital Spy, is a concept " sure to appeal as much to women as the men it is aimed at. " The fragrance is intended to be	be	AUX	a	DET	 a
Pillau participated in the second attack on 16 August, led by the dreadnoughts Nassau and Posen. The minesweepers cleared the Russian minefields by the 20th, allowing the German squadron to enter the Gulf. The Russians had by this time withdrawn to Moon Sound, and the	the	DET	threat	NOUN	 threat
One phylogenetic analysis places Turfanosuchus dabanensis, a Middle Triassic pseudosuchian, as the sister taxon of Revueltosaurus and Aetosauria, potentially making it the earliest known " stem aetosaur " (" stem " meaning that it lies on the branch that includes aetosaurs, but is not itself	itself	PRON	an	DET	 an
... In addition to resembling the letter O and a buckeye nut, the flag's annulus also represents " the original territory of Ohio " in the Northwest Territory. Ohio's flag is the only non rectangular U.S. state flag. It is a rare example of a	a	DET	non	ADJ	 non
Only Leona Lewis's debut hit " A Moment Like This ", which sold over 500,000 copies in its first week, can compare. It's selling more than most Christmas No 1s would, and HMV has placed an urgent order for more copies. " On	On	ADP	December	PROPN	 December
On 2 July 2001, the first sculpted stone was laid. The team of eight sadhus consisted of scholars in the field of the Pancharatra Shastra, a Hindu scripture on architecture and deity carving. The sadhus watched over stone work as well as the research on carvings	carvings	NOUN	on	ADP	 on
In a nearby canyon, floodwaters washed out many cars and livestock. In Cabo San Lucas, Jimena produced little damage. However, the entire town of Punta Chivato were flooded and damaged, with some being destroyed. In addition, 75% of homes were damaged	damaged	VERB	in	ADP	 in
" Some of the sketches in Bigipedia are inspired directly by articles on Wikipedia. Kirshen said in the same interview: " There's a ' Bee Whisperer ' in Episode 3 that came from clicking the " Random article " link on Wikipedia. I don't remember	remember	VERB	what	PRON	 what
The Battle of Lansdowne took place on 5 July 1643 during the Civil War. The Royalists under Lord Hopton attacked the Parliamentarians led by Sir William Waller who occupied a commanding position on Lansdowne Hill. Under the leadership of Sir Bevil Grenville, Hopton's Cornish pikemen stormed	stormed	VERB	Waller	PROPN	 Waller
Bird himself started to suffer ill effects while collecting air samples from the floor near the stove. However, the makers of the stove, Harper and Joyce, produced a string of their own expert witnesses, who convinced the jury to decide that death was caused by	by	ADP	apoplexy	PROPN	 apoplexy
The KUNSTEN Museum of Modern Art Aalborg was built from 1958 to 1972; the collection consists of around 1,500 art objects, including paintings, sculptures and other media. The Aalborg Symphony Orchestra (Aalborg Symfoniorkester) founded in 1943 presents about 150 concerts a year, frequently	frequently	ADV	playing	VERB	 playing
In Evansville, Hinde had become acquainted with the Reid Brothers, who designed many notable structures there, including the Willard Library. When Hinde and Babcock left Evansville and relocated to Coronado, they took the Reid Brothers with them, and hired them to design many structures	structures	NOUN	including	VERB	 including
In Nuevo Laredo, three young persons were rescued from a flooded arroyo. The San Fernando River also breached its banks, flooding communities in San Fernando and Méndez. The overflow of the Rio Grande following water discharges from Nuevo León isolated two communities in Miguel Alemán.	.	PUNCT	One	NUM	 One
Obviously she has gone through missing Thor and also being upset at him because he didn't come knock on her door when he was on her planet. She's definitely been getting over that and trying to move on. " Hemsworth's wife Elsa Pataky stood in	in	ADP	for	ADP	 for
As they watch, the hotel is revealed to be part of a large simulation; the Doctor identifies themselves aboard an automated prison spaceship, and the beast as a relative of the Nimon, a creature that feeds off the faith of others. The ship's automated	automated	VERB	systems	NOUN	 systems
Wheatley's successor, Dugald Drummond, offered the opinion that NBR express locomotives of the period were " like skinny chickens, all legs and wings ". As a result, Drummond designed a new class of 4 4 0 (the 476 Class) which began to	to	PART	displace	VERB	 displace
" Tennis the Menace " was written by Ian Maxtone Graham and directed by Jen Kamerman as part of the twelfth season of The Simpsons (2000 – 2001). Maxtone Graham considers himself to be a bad tennis player and he has always wanted to win against his	his	PRON	mother	NOUN	 mother
Houtteman spent the offseason selling cars and making public appearances for the Detroit Tigers. During the 1953 Detroit Tigers season there were rumors of possible trades for Houtteman, with the Yankees proposing the possibility of trading Hank Bauer, an infielder, and Gil McDougald for Houtteman.	.	PUNCT	Gehringer	PROPN	 Gehringer
Weizsäcker served as the Governing Mayor (Regierender Bürgermeister) of West Berlin from 1981 to 1984. During his years in office, he tried to keep alive the idea of a cultural nation called Germany, divided into two states. In his speeches and writings, he	he	PRON	repeatedly	ADV	 repeatedly
" Hundreds of conference goers kept tabs on each other via constant twitters. Panelists and speakers mentioned the service, and the bloggers in attendance touted it. " Reaction at the conference was highly positive. Blogger Scott Beale said that Twitter was " absolutely ruling " SXSWi	SXSWi	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
He stated that although the songs are " easy to listen ", they " break no new ground ". Gabriel Leong of MTV Asia stated that " Beat of My Heart " sounds " very much like " songs that Debbie Gibson, Tiffany and Bananarama would have	have	AUX	recorded	VERB	 recorded
Goldstone was president of the Jewish training and education charity World ORT between 1997 and 2004. He was an honorary member of the Board of Governors of Hebrew University for over ten years prior to June 2010, when the University announced he had been dropped from the Board	Board	PROPN	due	ADP	 due
Aluminium composite honeycomb was used in place of aluminium sheet metal in constructing the new monocoque. This car, originally 956 chassis # 106, was replaced by the Stroud designed chassis designated # 106B, leading to the car being renamed a 956 GTi. Further modifications were	were	AUX	made	VERB	 made
During that time Ludacris begins to brag about his " girl " towards the other cast members. Later in the video Minaj is revealed as the actress of the film, portraying a Freddy Krueger character, complete with the trademark glove made of razor blades. She is	is	AUX	found	VERB	 found
In 1820, an orangery was built on the grounds. Charles Carnan Ridgely frequently entertained prominent guests in the Mansion's 51 ft. x 21 ft. (16 m by 6.4 m) Great Hall, such as Charles Carroll of Carrollton, who was a signer	signer	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
By the start of the 20th century the original dynamic, centered on Boston, had completely shifted as New York became the focus of American capitalism (especially on Wall Street); this change was reflected in the new national pastime. In fact the cities played two	two	NUM	different	ADJ	 different
" Diggle states, " Gossip was, of course, the last man to keep quiet about this decision, and for once he had considerable public sympathy on his side. " When facing world class opponents, Gossip more often fell victim to their combinations. A	A	DET	famous	ADJ	 famous
Well known for his hip hop style and use of catchphrases, Scott was also a regular for the network in its National Basketball Association (NBA) and the National Football League (NFL) coverage. Scott grew up in North Carolina, and graduated from the University	University	PROPN	of	ADP	 of
Lee's army suffered 32,907 casualties, but he was less able to replace them. The costly Union assault at Cold Harbor was the second of two battles in the war that Grant later said he regretted (the other being his initial assault on the fortifications around Vicksburg	Vicksburg	PROPN	)	PUNCT	)
Swiss motorcycle racer Thomas Lüthi won the 2005 MotoGP World Championship in the 125cc category. In June 2007 the Swiss National Council, one house of the Federal Assembly of Switzerland, voted to overturn the ban, however the other house, the Swiss Council of States rejected	rejected	VERB	the	DET	 the
This case attracted such widespread professional interest that Molaison became the most intensively studied subject in medical history. In the ensuing years, other patients with similar levels of hippocampal damage and amnesia (caused by accident or disease) have also been studied, and thousands of experiments	experiments	NOUN	have	AUX	 have
The jury deliberated less than seven hours before convicting him on July 24, 1979 of the two murders, three counts of attempted first degree murder, and two counts of burglary. Trial judge Edward Cowart imposed death sentences for the murder convictions. Six months later,	,	PUNCT	a	DET	 a
Appian gave 50,000 killed and " a great many " taken prisoner. Plutarch agreed, " 50,000 Romans fell in that battle... 4,000 were taken alive ". Quintilian: " 60,000 men were slain by Hannibal at Cannae ". Eutropius: " 20 officers of consular	consular	ADJ	and	CCONJ	 and
In Burlington, 27 boats were destroyed, and one person drowned in Lake Erie after his boat sank. Two other people drowned in the province. Connie destroyed six houses and damaged several others due to high waves. The storm also caused power outages and damage to	to	ADP	the	DET	 the
Nevertheless, the game had to be censored for release in some regions, and Japanese sales were poor, with only 60,000 in the four months following its release. Making use of the Xbox's internet connectivity, Ninja Gaiden was the focus of a series of online	online	ADJ	contests	NOUN	 contests
That's a fine start, but the film then marches in staid chronological order. " Corliss continued, " One wonders why this Burton film is so dishwatery, why it lacks the cartoon zest and outsider ache of Beetlejuice, Edward Scissorhands or Batman Returns. "	"	PUNCT	Ed	PROPN	 Ed
Ichijinsha was the publisher for all but Trajectory of Venus, which was published by ASCII Media Works. Three novel adaptations have also been made: a four part novelization of the game, a four part series focusing on Raven titled Tales of Vesperia: Mask of the	the	DET	Void	PROPN	 Void
During a 24 hour span on May 27, 218 mm (8.6 in) of rain fell in Manila. In surrounding areas, more than 406 mm (16 in) of rain fell. Gale force winds toppled trees and billboards and brought down telephone lines.	.	PUNCT	The	DET	 The
Nearly all life forms in the ocean depend on the photosynthetic activities of phytoplankton and other marine plants to convert carbon dioxide into organic carbon, which is the basic building block of organic matter. Photosynthesis in turn requires energy from sunlight to drive the chemical reactions that produce	produce	VERB	organic	ADJ	 organic
The earliest existing of Justinian's domed buildings is the central plan Church of Saints Sergius and Bacchus in Constantinople, completed by 536. It is called the " Little Hagia Sophia " mosque today, but was actually begun five years earlier than that building. The dome	dome	NOUN	rests	VERB	 rests
Haitians had been afraid that US investors were trying to convert the economy back into a plantation based one since US businesses had been amassing land and evicting rural peasants from their family land. Rural Haitians formed armies that roamed around the countryside, stealing from farmers and raping	raping	VERB	women	NOUN	 women
On 7 June 2012, Knight Frank announced that administrators Ernst & Young had entered into an exclusivity agreement with Malaysia ’ s SP Setia and Sime Darby and were working towards a timely exchange and completion of the site and associated land. Completion of the £400 million	million	NUM	sale	NOUN	 sale
In March, she confirmed that her fourth studio album would be released by the end of 2013. Before directly stating that " Wrecking Ball " was originally written with Beyoncé in mind, songwriter Sacha Skarbek tweeted " Beyonce song now becoming a Miley Cyrus song?!	!	PUNCT	!	PUNCT	!
28 different players represented the club in four competitions and there were 12 different goalscorers. Ian Wright was Arsenal's top goalscorer of the season; he scored 30 goals in 41 appearances. In June 1995, Arsenal appointed Bruce Rioch, who had just guided Bolton Wanderers	Wanderers	PROPN	to	ADP	 to
American art rock band... And You Will Know Us by the Trail of Dead has a song on their 1998 self titled album called " Prince with a Thousand Enemies ". American hip hop group Common Market recorded a song called " Watership Down " on their 2008	2008	NUM	EP	PROPN	 EP
As a pitcher, Seymour threw a fastball, a curveball, and a screwball. Orioles catcher Wilbert Robinson said that he had never caught a pitcher as wild as Seymour, as opposing batters did " not know whether their head or feet were in most danger.	.	PUNCT	"	PUNCT	 "
The season officially began on June 15, and lasted until November 15. These dates conventionally delimit the period of each year when most tropical cyclones form in the Atlantic basin. The first system, an unnamed storm, developed in the Bay of Campeche on June 22	22	NUM	.	PUNCT	.
Meanwhile, Napoleon's main force was to be concealed in a dead ground opposite the Heights. According to the plan, the French troops would attack and recapture the Pratzen Heights, then from the Heights they would launch a decisive assault to the center of the Allied	Allied	PROPN	army	NOUN	 army
The character of Marceline was present in the series ' pitch bible, but she had not yet appeared in an episode prior to " Evicted! ". Olson was cast as the character after she initially read for the part of Princess Bubblegum; she was later pleased	pleased	ADJ	with	ADP	 with
The two neighbourhoods were both larger than the original nine: together, their proposed population was 23,000. Work also took place in the area now known as Ifield West on the western fringes of the town. By 1980, the council identified land at Maidenbower, south	south	ADV	of	ADP	 of
A single, delicate young is born after an unknown gestational period. The royal antelope prefers areas with fresh and dense growth of shrubs and other plants. It inhabits the warm, moist lowland forests prevalent in western African countries such as Côte d'Ivoire, Ghana, Guinea	Guinea	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
Andrew II of Hungary was extremely favorably disposed towards the Templars. During his participation in the Fifth Crusade, he appointed Pontius de Cruce, Master of the Order in the Hungarian Kingdom, as a regent in Croatia and Dalmatia. After his return in 1219, in	in	ADP	recognition	NOUN	 recognition
Soon after Nelson returned home, Warren arrived in his truck with his brothers. The men shot at the house with.22 caliber rifles. In response, Nelson and Paul English shot at the aggressors that retreated. When they returned later, Nelson took English's M1 Garand	Garand	PROPN	and	CCONJ	 and
Ferrari team principal Stefano Domenicali paid tribute to the team, who use Ferrari engines, saying " They deserve it, they are close to us, and we are happy to work with them because we are giving them our engine. " Kovalainen expressed his disappointment in	in	ADP	finishing	VERB	 finishing
On May 8, 2008 it was announced that Cole Hall would be remodeled inside and out pending $7.7 million in state funding. This decision was made based on conversations between Dr. Peters and members of the campus community as well as the results of an online survey	survey	NOUN	taken	VERB	 taken
This was roughly in line with the national figures, except for the number of people in retirement. This figure nationally was significantly lower at 14%. Of the town's residents aged 16 – 74, 12% had a higher education qualification or the equivalent,	,	PUNCT	compared	VERB	 compared
The first display of the new queen's authority was the formal act of homage of the Lower Austrian Estates to her on 22 November 1740. It was an elaborate public event which served as a formal recognition and legitimation of her accession. The oath of fealty to	to	ADP	Maria	PROPN	 Maria
Sadly, Charizard's disobedience to Ash then led to costing him the Kanto League. Charizard became loyal during the Orange Islands arc after Ash battled a trainer with a Poliwrath and Charizard was frozen solid. Because of Ash's continuous self sacrificing efforts to save Charizard from	from	ADP	certain	ADJ	 certain
On January 11, 2013, Wambach was allocated to the National Women's Soccer League club, Western New York Flash, in her hometown of Rochester, New York, as part of the NWSL Player Allocation. After missing the preseason because of national team commitments,	,	PUNCT	she	PRON	 she
The General Assembly met again, without proposing a budget, the following day. Meeting on the third day of the special session, Democratic factions within the General Assembly reached a compromise budget. That tentative budget proposed an increase in the state sales tax from 6%	%	NOUN	to	PART	 to
After that, the team decided to remove all the Counter Strike content and started developing the zombie game, in which players have to plant zombie bait and kill all the zombies present in the level. The focus later shifted to evacuating and surviving in a zombie infested	infested	ADJ	area	NOUN	 area
Merv opened, while Neil and Ray batted at Nos. 4 and 7 respectively. Victoria batted first and the brothers again did not form any partnerships. Merv opened and made 45 as Victoria ended with 331; the Harvey brothers had scored almost half the runs.	.	PUNCT	New	PROPN	 New
Flagler's establishment of " the Styx ", a settlement for hotel and rail line workers across the river from the barrier island containing Palm Beach, became West Palm Beach. Along the way he built resort hotels, transforming territorial outposts into tourist destinations and the land	land	NOUN	bordering	VERB	 bordering
However, during the 1890s the chemical business in Widnes went into decline as more efficient methods of making alkali were developed elsewhere. During the early decades of the 20th century there was a revival in the local economy, particularly as the United Alkali Company began to manufacture	manufacture	VERB	new	ADJ	 new
He explained on a DVD audio commentary for the episode that his grandmother was the oldest citizen of his hometown West Springfield, Massachusetts, and " they had a ceremony where she was awarded a cane that had a golden head on it. And the weird thing of	of	ADP	the	DET	 the
The ribbon was wrapped around the bird's wings and body. Five stars were engraved on the ribbon when it passed over each of the bird's wings and the word " Champion " as it passed over the bird's talons. The words " Heavyweight Wrestling "	"	PUNCT	were	AUX	 were
Along with others in the AFL – CIO and SDUSA, Kahn was accused of criticizing Harrington's application for his Democratic Socialist Organizing Committee to join the Socialist International and to organize a 1983 conference on European socialism; Harrington complained for six pages in his autobiography The Long	Long	PROPN	Distance	PROPN	 Distance
The site is of considerable importance for studies relating to the possible glaciation of the area, and of the terrace stratigraphy, particularly as it is one of only two accessible terrace deposits in this part of the Avon valley. Newton St Loe SSSI is also listed for	for	ADP	geological	ADJ	 geological
According to Dorthe Refslund Christensen, Hubbard's hagiography directly compares him with Buddha. Hubbard is viewed as having made eastern traditions more accessible by approaching them with a scientific attitude. " Hubbard is seen as the ultimate cross cultural savior; he is thought to be able	able	ADJ	to	PART	 to
Violence broke out on 28 April when some of the petitioners and gangs of youths who had joined the protest attacked the Government Palace. The PNTL failed to contain the protest and the Palace was badly damaged. After violence spread to other areas of Dili, Prime Minister	Minister	PROPN	Mari	PROPN	 Mari
On many days, clouds shroud the monastery and give an eerie feeling of remoteness. On the approach path to the monastery, there is a Lakhang (village level monastery) and a temple of Urgyan Tsemo (" U rgyan rTse mo ") which, like	like	ADP	the	DET	 the
Raised in Queensland as part of the Second Australian Imperial Force (2nd AIF) shortly after the outbreak of the war, it formed part of the 18th Brigade and over the course of the war it was attached to the 6th, 9th and 7th Divisions due to	to	ADP	several	ADJ	 several
The narrow lot allowed only a single, double loaded corridor, which was appointed with a 3 foot (0.91 m) high wainscot of white Carrara marble, red oak trim, and feather chipped glass that allowed outside light to filter from the offices on each side	side	NOUN	into	ADP	 into
According to another Hindu legend, Rama, the seventh avatar of god Vishnu, is believed to have visited Vedaranyam to absolve himself from sins committed in the war against the demon king Ravana. The footprints of Rama is preserved in a place called Ramar Padam near Vedaranyam	Vedaranyam	PROPN	.	PUNCT	.
The 18 caliber 274 millimeter Modèle 1870 gun fired an armor piercing, 476.2 pound (216.0 kg) shell while the gun itself weighed 22.84 long tons (23.21 t). The gun fired its shell at a muzzle velocity of 1,424 ft / s (434 m	m	PROPN	/	SYM	 /
These three letters, drafted to an unknown man simply referred to as " Master ", continue to be the subject of speculation and contention amongst scholars. The first half of the 1860s, after she had largely withdrawn from social life, proved to be Dickinson's	's	PART	most	ADV	 most
After the season premiere, the highest rated episode the season was the finale, " Talitha Cumi ", which was viewed by 17.86 million viewers. The season hit a low with the twenty third and penultimate episode of the season, " Wetwired ", which was	was	AUX	viewed	VERB	 viewed
The battalion was stationed at Baggush until late January 1942 before being moved to Maadi. Shortly afterwards it was called into Cairo for four days to increase the Allied presence there and counter potential unrest amongst the civilian population of the city. Once tensions decreased it returned to	to	ADP	Maadi	PROPN	 Maadi
After the pope declared her illegitimate in 1570 and released her subjects from obedience to her, several conspiracies threatened her life, all of which were defeated with the help of her ministers ' secret service. Elizabeth was cautious in foreign affairs, manoeuvring between the major powers	powers	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
In these exhibition games, he performed in the team's starting position. The Olympic Qualifying Tournament began on July 14, 2008, with Barea returning to the back up position behind Carlos Arroyo. Puerto Rico advanced to the finals, but didn't qualify to the	the	DET	Olympic	ADJ	 Olympic
Playing for the Stars, wearing number 5, she scored 14 points in her team's victory. She switched to the Dandenong Rangers for the 2011 season. In her debut game, she scored 28 points and 16 rebounds against her old team. The Rangers went	went	VERB	on	ADP	 on
Sheldon stated that he did not want to create entirely new protagonists for the Christie games, but rather preferred to draw from sources in Christie's novels to piece together the games ' protagonists. Sheldon also addressed concerns from several early previews of the game, which asked	asked	VERB	why	SCONJ	 why
The two begin an affair, and Eve becomes pregnant; by this time, Hannah is infertile. On their birthday, Simon gives a handmade mirror to Hannah, but they have an argument, and Hannah reveals that she has a sister who is pregnant; Simon	Simon	PROPN	realises	VERB	 realises
Bright said of their relationship, " It's really sweet. I don't think Poppy or Fatboy realised they liked each other as they've been friends for a while. She's unsure at first because she doesn't want to ruin a friendship. She's	's	AUX	also	ADV	 also
" Hey, Feller " – Used in nearly all stage productions up until 1946, and sung in the prologue to the 1929 film. Not used in the 1936 film, but used as background score in the 1951 film during the opening post credits scene as the	the	DET	show	NOUN	 show
And Trevor's the same way. They just keep working and make sure that they've got goals they want to reach. " After every save opportunity, whether he converted it or blew it, Hoffman would sit in the dugout for up to five minutes after	after	SCONJ	his	PRON	 his
He is given one last chance if he plays football for the East Dillon Lions. Although he has no prior football experience, he has natural talent and becomes the team's first star quarterback. The second break comes to the Lions when Buddy Garrity reveals to Eric	Eric	PROPN	that	SCONJ	 that
He left school at the age of 15, and due to the influence of his parents was apprenticed to a mercer in Auckland. He was not particularly interested in the profession and, desiring a career at sea, would go down to the wharfs to inspect the	the	DET	berthed	ADJ	 berthed
In an 1851 paper, Sylvester explains: I have in previous papers defined a " Matrix " as a rectangular array of terms, out of which different systems of determinants may be engendered as from the womb of a common parent. Arthur Cayley published a treatise on	on	ADP	geometric	ADJ	 geometric
Born 23 February 1760 in La Petite Pierre, Alsace, Bourcier was a cavalry lieutenant when the French Revolution began. He fought with the Army of the Rhine in the War of the First Coalition. By the War of the Second Coalition, he had been promoted	promoted	VERB	to	ADP	 to
Ice, as a lens of water on the base of bedrock, slides by gravity downwards. The good moraine of rock and rubble insulates it from water erosion. As a result, during freezing temperatures that exists all the year, the glacier advances. When the	the	DET	insulation	NOUN	 insulation
On December 31, 1969, it was announced that plans for the PA 321 project in Kane and East Kane would be on display to the public at Kane's borough hall on January 5, 1970. The first public hearing on the project was held the following	following	VERB	day	NOUN	 day
For even higher frequencies, microelectromechanical methods can be used as described below. Bridging wires are rods that couple together resonators that are not adjacent. They can be used to produce poles of attenuation in the stopband. This has the benefit of increasing the stopband rejection.	.	PUNCT	When	SCONJ	 When
Unlike supplemental calcium, high intakes of dietary calcium do not appear to cause kidney stones and may actually protect against their development. This is perhaps related to the role of calcium in binding ingested oxalate in the gastrointestinal tract. As the amount of calcium intake decreases,	,	PUNCT	the	DET	 the
Strong wind shear disorganized the system slightly, leading to Amy featuring subtropical characteristics. By the evening, the strongest winds were not located around the center, but were instead situated between 60 and 90 mi (95 and 140 km) from the center. Convection became	became	VERB	displaced	VERB	 displaced
The basic call of the chestnut sparrow is a subdued chirp, with two recorded variations: a scolding threat call, rendered chrrrrit or chrrrrreeeerrrrrrrr and a chew chew flight call. Displaying males give a high twittering trill, rendered as tchiweeza tchiweeza tchi tchi tchi tchi- see	see	INTJ	see	INTJ	 see
Mauboy's music is generally R & B and pop, but she also incorporates dance, funk, soul and hip hop into some of her songs. Mauboy's debut studio album Been Waiting (2008) was described as " a blend of electro beats, heartfelt	heartfelt	ADJ	pop	NOUN	 pop
Franken was born on May 21, 1951, in New York City, to Joseph Franken, a printing salesman, and Phoebe (Kunst), a real estate agent. His paternal grandparents emigrated from Germany; his maternal grandfather came from Grodno, Belarus, and	and	CCONJ	his	PRON	 his
Fiumano recalled, " she said, ' We're gon na. They're gonna kill us, you know, We're gonna die. ' And I told her, ' Don't worry, they hijacked the plane, they're gonna take	take	VERB	you	PRON	 you
US Marines conducted an amphibious landing at Cape Torokina, on the western coast of the island, north of Empress Augusta Bay, in November 1943. After an initial counter attack, the US Marines had been replaced by a garrison of US Army troops who began consolidating	consolidating	VERB	their	PRON	 their
In May 1999, Mantle, a cricket fan, agreed to participate in a celebrity international cricket tournament with the likes of Caprice Bourret, Rory Bremner, Ainsley Harriott, Lawrence Dallaglio, Lesley Garrett, Barry Norman, and Robbie Earle, and played Sri Lanka on	on	ADP	14	NUM	 14
She continued to have a rivalry with Kelly throughout October, and was also a part of the winning team in a Raw versus SmackDown 10 Diva tag team elimination match at Survivor Series in November, although she was eliminated by Maria. In January 2009, she formed	formed	VERB	an	DET	 an
" " From This Moment On " was released as the fourth single from Come On Over on March 14, 1998 in North America and Oceania, while being released in Europe on November 16, 1998 only. Musically, " From This Moment On " is a	a	DET	country	NOUN	 country
The video depicts Madonna as a bullfighter's (played by real life Spanish bullfighter Emilio Muñoz) neglected lover, yearning for his love. It won the Best Female Video award at the 1995 MTV Video Music Awards. Journalistic and academic analysis of the video included its	its	PRON	plotline	NOUN	 plotline
Previous records of it being found as far north as Durban are now thought to be misidentifications of other species. This bottom dwelling shark is most common over sandy or rocky bottoms. It is found in progressively deeper water towards the northeastern portion of its range, from	from	ADP	0	NUM	 0
Reuters even placed it ahead of Titanic after adjusting the global total for inflation. Before its release, various film critics and fan communities predicted the film would be a significant disappointment at the box office, in line with predictions made for Cameron's previous blockbuster Titanic.	.	PUNCT	This	DET	 This
This new low quickly intensified and became a powerful nor ' easter that caused substantial damage throughout the Mid Atlantic States. By November 12, the system attained a minimum pressure of 992 mbar (hPa; 29.29 inHg) along with winds of 65 mph (100 km	km	NOUN	/	SYM	 /
Spacecraft from the Soviet Union's Luna program were the first to accomplish a number of goals: following three unnamed, failed missions in 1958, the first human made object to escape Earth's gravity and pass near the Moon was Luna 1; the first human made	made	VERB	object	NOUN	 object
She did not actually write any part of the screenplay. She is also said to have changed its title from McTeague to Greed during post production; however, a publicity still of the cast and crew taken during production clearly indicates that it was titled Greed before the	the	DET	MGM	PROPN	 MGM
For Abrams, " The costumes were a microcosm of the entire project, which was how to take something that's kind of silly and make it feel real. But how do you make legitimate those near primary color costumes? " Lindelof compared the film's Romulan	Romulan	PROPN	faction	NOUN	 faction
The painting, with its ten foot width, was intended both for exhibition halls and the homes of America's emergent millionaire class. In 1865 it was purchased by British railway entrepreneur James McHenry for the (at the time) high price of $25,000. Bierstadt	Bierstadt	PROPN	later	ADV	 later
Ling made the " damn hot kiss " even hotter because " she's the exotic, erotic experimenter of the group ", according to Scott Seomin, media director at that time for the Gay & Lesbian Alliance Against Defamation. Patton sees Woo's actions, attitudes	attitudes	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
They produced " So What? " and " Do They Owe Us A Living? " as a drum and vocal duo. They briefly called themselves Stormtrooper before choosing Crass in reference to a line in the David Bowie song " Ziggy Stardust " (" The kids	kids	NOUN	was	AUX	 was
Hamilton is home to the Royal Botanical Gardens, the Canadian Warplane Heritage Museum, the Bruce Trail, McMaster University and Mohawk College. McMaster University is ranked 4th in Canada and 94th in the world by Times Higher Education Rankings 2015 16 and has a well known medical	medical	ADJ	school	NOUN	 school
After a major fire in the largely wooden Aberdeen in the 1740s, the city fathers decreed that major buildings should be in the locally abundant granite, beginning a new phase in large scale mining and leading to the " granite city ", becoming a centre of a	a	DET	major	ADJ	 major
Some modern writers describe Justus as one of the original missionaries who arrived with Augustine in 597, but Bede believed that Justus came in the second group. The second group included Mellitus, who later became Bishop of London and Archbishop of Canterbury. If Justus was a	a	DET	member	NOUN	 member
Analysis revealed that the fan was being subjected to high cycle fatigue stresses worse than expected and also more severe than tested for certification; these higher stresses caused the blade to fracture. Less than a month after grounding, the fleet was allowed to resume operations once the	the	DET	fan	NOUN	 fan
Because of the very different circumstances from which they came, and in which they played, the rhythm and blues produced by British artists was very different in tone from that created by African Americans, often with more emphasis on guitars and sometimes with greater energy. They	They	PRON	have	AUX	 have
The Phillies defeated Team Canada (with Phillie Matt Stairs) on March 4, 9 – 2, and lost to Team USA (with Jimmy Rollins and Shane Victorino) on March 5, 9 – 6. The team broke camp April 2 and headed north to	to	PART	play	VERB	 play
" Do What U Want " reached the top of the charts in Greece, and also reached the top ten in Finland, France, Italy, and Spain. The song had debuted at number 50 on the Japan Hot 100, but rose to position 26,	,	PUNCT	after	ADP	 after
He retained a positive view of White and rejected allegations that she was a charlatan. By 1912, Sadler and his wife, both doctors by then, operated a joint practice in Chicago that catered to children's and women's health issues. Sadler initially focused on	on	ADP	surgery	NOUN	 surgery
" He notes: " In the sixties rock and roll began to think of itself as an ' art form '. Rock and roll is not an ' art form '; rock and roll is a raw wail from the bottom of the guts. " The	The	DET	musicologist	NOUN	 musicologist
Subsequently, the Star Trek franchise has portrayed a few same sex kisses, but always in the context of either the evil " mirror universe " (" The Emperor's New Cloak ") or body possession (" Warlord " and others), and often for	for	ADP	comedic	ADJ	 comedic
This later became known as Einstein's special theory of relativity. Consequences of this include the time space frame of a moving body appearing to slow down and contract (in the direction of motion) when measured in the frame of the observer. This paper also argued	argued	VERB	that	SCONJ	 that
Paralysis generally develops one to ten days after early symptoms begin, progresses for two to three days, and is usually complete by the time the fever breaks. The likelihood of developing paralytic polio increases with age, as does the extent of paralysis. In children,	,	PUNCT	nonparalytic	ADJ	 nonparalytic
Life's review described Hud as " likable, smart, and [with] the potential to measure up to his tough, honorable father " and Saturday Review called him a " charming, raffish monster ". According to Outlook, " Hud Bannon is a mean	mean	ADJ	,	PUNCT	,
SR 127 begins at an intersection with US 12 in the unincorporated community of Dodge, located between Starbuck and Pomeroy in rural Garfield County. The highway travels north around Dodge Hill and into the hills along New York Gulch before reaching the Snake River. SR 127 crosses	crosses	VERB	the	DET	 the
In 1918, lightning again struck the monument with great effect. The bolt of lightning shattered the capstone and sent the pieces to the ground before traveling through the brass railings and scattered the cards in one of the wire racks. The lightning also jumped 25 feet (	(	PUNCT	7.6	NUM	7.6
French casualties in the action totalled 63, including Mullon killed and his three lieutenants wounded. Losses aboard Nymphe was almost as severe, Pellew losing 23 men, including five officers, killed and 27 wounded. More than 100 prisoners were then collected from Cléopâtre and sent	sent	VERB	aboard	ADP	 aboard
A straw spinning wheel is shown in the forest. In the Enchanted Forest, a young pickpocket named Jiminy desires the chance to be a good person, but is forced by his father (Harry Groener) and mother (Carolyn Hennesy) to participate in their cons	cons	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
The various worlds that Sora explores often have an optional party character from the film on which the world is based. Such party members include Fa Mulan, the woman who passes as a man in order to take her ailing father's place in the army; Jack	Jack	PROPN	Sparrow	PROPN	 Sparrow
It forms large schools in shallow, coastal waters, and migrates seasonally following warm water. A relatively small, slender bodied shark, the finetooth shark can be identified by its needle like teeth, dark blue gray dorsal coloration, and long gill slits. It attains	attains	VERB	a	DET	 a
Vernon Treatt was born in Singleton, New South Wales, in 1897, the youngest son of Frank Burford Treatt (1845 – 1923), a Police Magistrate and migrant from Devon, England, and Kate Ellen Walsh (1856 – 1936), and was first	first	ADV	educated	VERB	 educated
He left Harworth and District and joined Rotherham's Scala Wheelers at the end of 1954. Simpson's first road race was as a junior at the Forest Recreation Ground in Nottingham. After leaving school he was an apprentice draughtsman at an engineering company in Retford, using	using	VERB	the	DET	 the
Small changes to these values before or during recombination can augment the damping effect considerably. This dependence on the baryon density by photon diffusion allows scientists to use analysis of the latter to investigate the former, in addition to the history of ionisation. The effect of diffusion	diffusion	NOUN	damping	VERB	 damping
" Mark Jenkins of the Washington Post said the album " manages to stay fresh through the use of assorted sonic spices, " adding that the album has " some canny accents. " Keyboard praised the album, describing " milky organ pads " on " Disobedience "	"	PUNCT	and	CCONJ	 and
Flair Records, another of the Bihari brothers ' Modern labels, released the single, backed with " Sunny Land ". The song became a regional hit, but did not reach the national charts. Labels associated with Modern included " Standing at the Crossroads " on	on	ADP	several	ADJ	 several
Technical quality HCl at typically 18% concentration is the most commonly used pickling agent for the pickling of carbon steel grades. Fe2O3 + Fe + 6 HCl → 3 FeCl2 + 3 H2O The spent acid has long been reused as iron (II) chloride (also	also	ADV	known	VERB	 known
Kerala is one of the prominent tourist destinations of India, with backwaters, beaches, Ayurvedic tourism and tropical greenery as its major attractions. The name Kerala has an uncertain etymology. " Keralam " may stem from the Classical Tamil cherive alam (" declivity of a	a	DET	hill	NOUN	 hill
He stated,... the gospel of Christ is not opposed to government... but is a support to government... as far as it acts in a Christian way in accordance with the standard prescribed by God. The relationship between preacher and magistrate was demonstrated by two forms	forms	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
Damage totaled about $1.5 billion (1991 USD). That included about $700 million through cleanup costs, uninsured losses, and food claims. That made it, at the time, the second costliest United States hurricane, although the total was due to the	the	DET	storm	NOUN	 storm
The traditional cookery of Wales originates from the daily meals of peasant folk, unlike other cultures where meals often started in the kitchens of the gentry and would be adapted. Historically the King of the Welsh people would travel, with his court, in a circuit,	,	PUNCT	demanding	VERB	 demanding
The reverse bears an inscription in an Egyptian script, saying " Artaxerxes Pharaoh. Life, Prosperity, Wealth ". It is thought by some that the Book of Judith could have been originally based on Artaxerxes ' campaign in Phoenicia, as Holofernes was the name of	of	ADP	the	DET	 the
It paused at Doriskos where it was joined by the fleet. Xerxes reorganized the troops into tactical units replacing the national formations used earlier for the march. The Allied ' congress ' met again in the spring of 480 BC and agreed to defend the narrow Vale of	of	ADP	Tempe	PROPN	 Tempe
Young had served as the primary drummer on Slay Tracks, with Malkmus and Kannberg drumming on a few songs. Young did not play any drums for the Demolition Plot J 7 sessions, and expressed jealousy towards Fawkes, openly mocking the new drummer. However, Fawkes	Fawkes	PROPN	ultimately	ADV	 ultimately
In 24 Test matches as captain, Hassett oversaw 14 wins and suffered defeat only four times, but it was the last of the four losses that blighted his record. Defeated in the last match of the 1953 series against England, Hassett's team lost The Ashes	Ashes	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
The ship's top speed was 14 knots (26 km / h; 16 mph), at 5,468 indicated horsepower (4,077 kW). She was also equipped with a full ship rig. Her standard complement consisted of 46 officers and 454 enlisted men. She	She	PRON	was	AUX	 was
Infantriedivision) under Brigadier General Hellmuth Pfeifer supported by elements of 1st Parachute and 5th Mountain Division (5. Gebirgsdivision) under Brigadier General Julius Ringel. Together, these units formed Traugott Herr′ s LXXVI Panzer Corps, the part of Joachim Lemelsen's 10th Army responsible for	for	ADP	the	DET	 the
James Fraser suggested Peace dollar designer Anthony de Francisci, but sculptor Chester Beach was engaged instead. Numismatic historian Don Taxay thought it likely that members of the House Committee on Coinage, Weights and Measures had agreed to support a Hawaii half dollar prior to a bill being	being	AUX	submitted	VERB	 submitted
There are many commercial models, the first of which was the Telrad, invented by amateur astronomer Steve Kufeld in the late 1970s. Others are now available from companies such as Apogee, Celestron, Photon, Rigel, and Televue. Reflector sights are also used in	in	ADP	the	DET	 the
Emerald was first commissioned in August 1795, under Velters Cornewall Berkeley and in January 1797, she sailed for the Mediterranean. Although attached to Admiral John Jervis ' fleet at the time, Emerald did not take part in the Battle of Cape St Vincent on 14 February	February	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
As a result of the delay, in 1970 non proof half dollars were only made in Denver and released solely in mint sets. With a mintage of 2.1 million the 1970 D Kennedy is considered the " key " to the series, although enough were produced to	to	PART	keep	VERB	 keep
To manage the logistics associated with the increased artillery, Royal Artillery staff officer Major Alan Brooke developed coordinated communication and transport plans to work in conjunction with the complex barrage plans. A 1.6 million shell allotment allowed the artillery along the Canadian Corps front to maintain a high	high	ADJ	sustained	ADJ	 sustained
The new Dean, William Bruce Knight, was instrumental in bringing about the much needed restorations. Enough restoration had been completed to allow the cathedral to be reopened for worship on 16 April 1857. The see of Gloucester lent their cathedral choir for this service, making	making	VERB	it	PRON	 it
The visitors should have forced extra time but Jamie Mackie spurned a chance when he pulled his shot wide with only the goalkeeper to beat. The defeat extended Sturrock's unfortunate run in the League Cup as a manager, having won just once in nine attempts. "	"	PUNCT	I	PRON	 I
Developing talent at little cost thanks to Rickey, the Cardinals dominated the National League, winning nine league titles in the years from 1926 to 1946. Soon after Landis's appointment, he surprised the major league owners by requiring that they disclose their minor league interests.	.	PUNCT	Landis	PROPN	 Landis
United Artists renewed its marketing campaign to reduce its focus on Cruise and to highlight Singer's credentials. The film received mixed reviews in the United States and in Germany, where it opened commercially on January 22, 2009. During World War II, Wehrmacht Colonel Claus	Claus	PROPN	von	PROPN	 von
The quote " A lie keeps growing and growing until it's as plain as the nose on your face " was nominated for the Movie Quotes list, and the film received further nomination in the AFI's Greatest Movie Musicals list. On Rotten Tomatoes, a website	website	NOUN	which	PRON	 which
The story is told through chains of emails, which are unlocked by completing puzzles. The player assumes the role of an American Muslim National Security Agency agent who determines whether the hacked emails are pertinent to national security. The ethics of government surveillance are a core theme	theme	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
It is probably the only feral herd of horses residing in Africa, with a population ranging between 90 and 150. The Namib Desert Horse is athletic in appearance, resembling the European light riding horses from which it probably descends, and usually dark in color. Despite	Despite	SCONJ	the	DET	 the
Seventeen years after beginning his mail bomb campaign, Kaczynski sent a letter to The New York Times on April 24, 1995 and promised " to desist from terrorism " if the Times or the Washington Post published his manifesto, Industrial Society and Its Future (the "	"	PUNCT	Unabomber	PROPN	 Unabomber
The simulation indicated such a rogue wave could almost completely submerge the bow or stern of the ship with water, at least temporarily. The July 26, 1977, USCG Marine Casualty Report suggested that the accident was caused by ineffective hatch closures. The report concluded that	that	SCONJ	these	DET	 these
McCain ran for the Republican presidential nomination in 2000 but lost a heated primary season contest to George W. Bush. He secured the nomination in 2008 after coming back from early reversals, but fell to Democratic candidate Barack Obama in the general election, losing by a 365	365	NUM	–	PUNCT	 –
It stars Hiam Abbass, Ali Suliman, Danny Leshman, Rona Lipaz Michael, Tarik Kopty, Amos Lavi, Lana Zreik and Amnon Wolf. The film describes the legal efforts of a Palestinian widow to stop the Israeli Defense Minister, her next door neighbor, from	from	ADP	destroying	VERB	 destroying
Able to hold the ball up well, he also functioned as a target man, providing balls for other players. Although his strength allowed him to hold on to the ball, his playing style sometimes brought him criticism – most commonly that his play was too physical	physical	ADJ	,	PUNCT	,
Zieliński left the company, and Kiciński headed the project. Although the game's development continued, the demo was abandoned. According to CD Projekt, the development team had different ideas for the game and lacked overall direction; as a result, it was returned to	to	ADP	the	DET	 the
Allmusic called the album " terrific ", and stated that the band's decision to release an all Welsh record was courageous and proof that they are " the great eccentric band of [their] time ". Drowned in Sound called the album " a poignant,	,	PUNCT	dark	ADJ	 dark
Although the German army bypassed Antwerp, it remained a threat to their flank. Another siege followed at Namur, lasting from about 20 – 23 August. For their part, the French had five Armies deployed on their borders. The pre war French offensive plan,	,	PUNCT	Plan	PROPN	 Plan
William J. Fields was born December 29, 1874 in Willard, Carter County, Kentucky. He was the fourth of twelve children born to Christopher C. and Alice (Rucker) Fields. He was educated in the local public schools, then matriculated to the University of	of	ADP	Kentucky	PROPN	 Kentucky
During his run, there was also a stand alone issue, the Hellblazer Annual # 1, exploring Constantine's ancestry, and featuring the video to John's punk band, Mucous Membrane's song " Venus of the Hardsell ". Jamie Delano returned to the title	title	NOUN	on	ADP	 on
Other X5s are periodically introduced, most significantly Zack (William Gregory Lee), the unit leader. The Manticore hunt for the escaped X5s is led by Colonel Donald Lydecker (John Savage). Near the end of the season, Lydecker is betrayed by his superior	superior	ADJ	,	PUNCT	,
AltSounds staff member Jack Stevin deemed it " disappointing " and unfocused, writing that Kills was not in control of the album and that she had an " air of pretension around " her. Stevin additionally said that Kills was stronger as a " visual artist ".	.	PUNCT	Darryl	PROPN	 Darryl
When Lassen Peak formed it looked much like the nearby Chaos Crags domes do today, with steep sides covered by angular rock talus. Lassen Peak's shape was significantly altered by glacial erosion from 25,000 to 18,000 years ago during the Wisconsin glaciation. At least one of	of	ADP	Lassen	PROPN	 Lassen
During a public hearing about Hase's proposal, a county legislator began screaming to simulate the sound neighbours would hear repetitively when people jumped off the bridge. After Rahl failed to pay $13,716 in property taxes over a period of three years, Ulster County foreclosed on	on	ADP	the	DET	 the
At the time she owned five other business ventures, including a steakhouse, an outsourcing company, and a cafe. Estianty was reported in October 2010 to be working on a cover album which featured works originally sung by Nike Ardilla, Hetty Koes Endang, and Atiek	Atiek	PROPN	CB	PROPN	 CB
Hailed across the North as the winning general in a great war, his nomination as president seemed inevitable. Grant's popularity declined with congressional investigations into corruption in his administration and Custer's defeat at the Battle of the Little Big Horn. In 1877, there was	was	VERB	bipartisan	ADJ	 bipartisan
In 1837, they protested against the abolition or alteration of the constitution of the Kingdom of Hanover by Ernest Augustus and refused to swear an oath to the new king of Hanover. The company of seven was led by Friedrich Christoph Dahlmann, who himself was one of	of	ADP	the	DET	 the
She is then only briefly mentioned in Aqua's storyline, when the Magic Mirror tells Aqua that the Queen is dead and he is no longer under her control. In 2013's free to play mobile game Snow White: Queen's Return (also known as Seven	Seven	PROPN	Dwarfs	PROPN	 Dwarfs
Intercity rail services also operate from Hyderabad; the main, and largest, station is Secunderabad Railway Station, which serves as Indian Railways ' South Central Railway zone headquarters and a hub for both buses and MMTS light rail services connecting Secunderabad and Hyderabad. Other major railway	railway	NOUN	stations	NOUN	 stations
It took place on June 19, 1994, at the Baltimore Arena, now known as Royal Farms Arena, in Baltimore. " King of the Ring " is also the name of the tournament that was the focus of this pay per view event. The tournament	tournament	NOUN	to	PART	 to
Elmo became, as writer Michael Davis reported, " the embodiment " of Sesame Street, and " the marketing wonder of our age " when five million " Tickle Me Elmo " dolls were sold in 1996. Clash believed the " Tickle Me Elmo " phenomenon made	made	VERB	Elmo	PROPN	 Elmo
The second characteristic was that Accum did not limit his campaign to simply exposing problems. At the end of every chapter, he included names of merchants of who had in years prior to 1820 been caught adulterating foodstuffs. In this way, Accum tried to deprive them	them	PRON	of	ADP	 of
S.H.I.E.L.D. ' s illegal. We have very few resources. Everything we're going to do involves dealing with, still, finding out who's Hydra and who's not amongst our friends. To rebuild S.H.I.E.L.D., we're going to need some old friends to prove	prove	VERB	themselves	PRON	 themselves
Cosma e Damiano and Angelo of S. Maria in Domnica. It is not known whether the remaining five adherents of Pierleoni, who are believed to have been present at Rome, participated in the electoral proceedings. There is no doubt, however, that the lesser clergy	clergy	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
MDOT's surveys in 2010 showed that the highest traffic level along M 84 was 26,408 vehicles daily in Saginaw; the lowest count was 8,405 vehicles per day on Washington Street in Bay City. Two sections of M 84 have been listed on the National Highway System;	;	PUNCT	the	DET	 the
Digital Devil Saga began development pre 2002 under the working title New Goddess. The game's concept and original draft were written by Japanese author Yu Godai, but she withdrew from the project for personal reasons, and was replaced by Atlus scriptwriter Tadashi Satomi. The gameplay	gameplay	NOUN	concept	NOUN	 concept
Meanwhile, in Bulawayo, South African newspaper reports of the concession started to arrive in the middle of January 1889. William Tainton, one of the local white residents, translated a press cutting for Lobengula, adding a few embellishments of his own: he told the	the	DET	king	NOUN	 king
This information can relay a great deal of information on how the land once was thousands of years ago and how it has changed over that time. The goals of plant ecology are to understand the causes of their distribution patterns, productivity, environmental impact, evolution,	,	PUNCT	and	CCONJ	 and
" When compared to its predecessor, The Lord of the Rings: The Battle for Middle earth, GamePro was convinced The Battle for Middle earth II had improved upon the original in several fundamental ways. GameSpot believed that The Battle for Middle earth II offered better gameplay	gameplay	NOUN	and	CCONJ	 and
Having had no anti shipping attack training, their ability to inflict damage to the ships was poor. The main hope was placed in the torpedo bomber force made up mainly of the Beaufort and Swordfish aircraft of Coastal Command and the Fleet Air Arm. Beauforts of No	No	PROPN	.	PROPN	.
On the way, Markham paused for nearly a month in the town of Ayacucho, to study the local culture and increase his knowledge of the Quechua. He then travelled on towards Cuzco, and after crossing a swinging bridge (the Apurimac Bridge) suspended 300 feet	feet	NOUN	(	PUNCT	 (
In the latter island, the depression left 200 people homeless, caused $500,000 in damage, and killed three people. Heavy rains impacted the U.S. Virgin Islands, including a total of 11.4 in (290 mm) recorded by the National Park Service on Saint John	John	PROPN	.	PUNCT	.
He still struggled with prejudice against Germanophiles: also in 1921, he tried to obtain the History Chair at the University of Iași, but lost once his old adversary Iorga intervened against him. Two years later, he was present at the funeral ceremony of Dimitrie Onciul	Onciul	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
Later that month, the King was unhorsed in a tournament and was badly injured and it seemed for a time that the king's life was in danger. When news of this accident reached the queen, she was sent into shock and miscarried a male child that	that	PRON	was	AUX	 was
Between 2000 and 2006, this mission carried out extensive archaeological and art historical research in the citadel, as well as further restoration works. In celebration of these restorations, a ceremony was held on 1 July 2006 which was attended by Syrian President Bashar al Assad.	.	PUNCT	In	ADP	 In
He performed the cantata again on the last Sunday before Lent a year later, after he had taken up office. The cantata shows elements which became standards for Bach's Leipzig cantatas and even the Passions, including a " frame of biblical text and chorale around the	the	DET	operatic	ADJ	 operatic
" Eye Weekly reviewer Will Sloan says, " Bandslam is like a teenybopper version of Adventureland, and if its PG limitations keep it from being quite as insightful or funny as that film, it's still a serviceable, surprisingly intelligent bit of tweenertainment. " Reviewers	Reviewers	NOUN	asserted	VERB	 asserted
Post analysis by the Joint Typhoon Warning Center suggested that the first storm turned to the west and dissipated, and that a new, separate storm formed well to the east on August 17. However, the Japan Meteorological Agency maintained the system as a single storm.	.	PUNCT	Vera	PROPN	 Vera
However, there were state funding issues for the Pala road by May 1912 that prevented completion, though the planned road had been surveyed from Bonsall, where it met with the Escondido road, to Oceanside. Flooding in January 1916 resulted in the closing of the road	road	NOUN	that	PRON	 that
In forging the documents, Edwards originally secured Dart's signature on a document written in a type of ink that could later be chemically removed. After Dart signed the document, Edwards then removed the original wording of the document and substituted a deed selling Dart's interest	interest	NOUN	in	ADP	 in
" On another occasion when Lincoln's son Tad saw Booth perform, he said the actor thrilled him, prompting Booth to give the President's youngest son a rose. Booth ignored an invitation to visit Lincoln between acts, however. On November 25, 1864,	,	PUNCT	Booth	PROPN	 Booth
This storm was named " Nina " because during this time, hurricanes in this basin were given names from the typhoon naming lists. This storm was the last to form during a series of typhoons to form in the Pacific in November. Nina never made landfall while	while	SCONJ	active	ADJ	 active
According to Julie Kane, the refrain in each stanza indicates that the form descended from a " choral dance song " wherein a vocal soloist — frequently female — semi improvised the " unique " lyrics of each stanza, while a ring of dancers — all female,	,	PUNCT	or	CCONJ	 or
Enough sulfides are present in the ship to produce another 5,000 kilograms (11,000 lb) of acid at a rate of about 100 kilograms (220 lb) per year; this might eventually destroy the ship almost entirely. While most of the scientific community considers that the	the	DET	destructive	ADJ	 destructive
In Jardine's obituary, Wisden described this tour as " probably the most controversial tour in history. England won four of the five Tests, but it was the methods they employed rather than the results which caused so much discussion and acrimony. " On the journey	journey	NOUN	to	ADP	 to
Over the next few years Słowacki wrote and published many works, including Testament mój (My Last Will), in which he described his faith that his works would endure after his death. Between 1841 and 1846, he published Beniowski, considered by some his best	best	ADJ	lyrical	ADJ	 lyrical
In overtime in the January 1, 2000 Orange Bowl against Alabama, his PAT provided the margin of victory (after he missed a 36 yard field goal at the end of regulation time). Epstein finished the season with 36 points (5 – 8 FGs and	and	CCONJ	21	NUM	 21
About 2,900 of these deaths occur among people who have never smoked. While radon is the second most frequent cause of lung cancer, it is the number one cause among non smokers, according to EPA estimates. Radon is a colorless, odorless, and tasteless gas	gas	NOUN	and	CCONJ	 and
If a fatty acid contains a double bond, there is the possibility of either a cis or trans geometric isomerism, which significantly affects the molecule's configuration. Cis double bonds cause the fatty acid chain to bend, an effect that is compounded with more double bonds	bonds	NOUN	in	ADP	 in
Really helpful whenever his advice was invited, he never obtruded his own opinions, although I knew that he did not always agree with me. Blamey's loyalty to Monash would continue after the latter's death in 1931. For his services as Corps Chief of Staff	Staff	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
Upon learning of it, he initially advanced to meet Vologases, but after a reconnaissance detachment was defeated, he panicked and withdrew hastily. Paetus sent his wife and son to safety in the fortress of Arsamosata, and tried to block the Parthian advance by occupying the	the	DET	passes	NOUN	 passes
This was for a tube railway running from Hammersmith to Cannon Street, which would have duplicated parts of the DR's and the B & PCR's approved routes. In late 1898, this common interest led to the purchase of the B & PCR by the DR	DR	PROPN	.	PUNCT	.
Instead of following every note on the records, Leonard encouraged the musicians to come up with new ideas for the songs. Hence a number of the old songs were rearranged, including introducing a medley of " Dress You Up ", " Material Girl " and "	"	PUNCT	Like	ADP	 Like
The clerk called the roll of the states again, and a band played " Yankee Doodle " and " Dixie " as the ballots were tallied. The results showed that the delegates had scattered their ballots to a variety of candidates, with no one close to the	the	DET	492	NUM	 492
Of these, five were tropical storms, seven were hurricanes, of which three were major (Category 3 or higher on the Saffir Simpson hurricane scale). Just one storm formed in August, one of the least active Augusts ever in the east Pacific. The	The	DET	season	NOUN	 season
The restaurant replaced Leo's Non Smoking Coffee Shop, which was owned by Peter and Jane Chan for thirty years. When Leo's closed in February 2014, rumors had already circulated about restaurateur and developer Dayna McErlean's plans to open a more upscale diner. The	The	DET	Dime	PROPN	 Dime
The Faisalabad railway station is the central railway station in the city. The railway line forms part of the Khanewal Wazirabad railway line. Rail services are operated by Pakistan Railways, owned and operated by the Ministry of Railways. Cargo Express services are also operated by Pakistan	Pakistan	PROPN	Railways	PROPN	 Railways
" An unused Louisiana field was used to create a racetrack where Angel meets the wealthy patriarch Ethan Krusemark (Fontelieu). On May 13, the crew encountered some difficulty filming a chase scene involving Angel, as they had to deal with shying horses, trained dogs	dogs	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
Thomas noted that as well as writing the script, someone would need to pay for the film, but indicated that producer Joel Silver was ready to green light the film. In June 2009, Bell said " I don't think it will ever happen, and	and	CCONJ	here	ADV	 here
Her propulsion system consisted of two vertical triple expansion engines rated at 21,968 indicated horsepower (16,382 kW). Steam for the engines was provided by twenty eight coal fired Babcock & Wilcox boilers. The ship's propulsion system provided a top speed of 21.39 knots (39.61	39.61	NUM	km	NOUN	 km
It runs east – west from the intersection of NY 82 in the village of Millbrook to the Connecticut state line in the town of Amenia, where it continues eastward briefly as Connecticut Route 343. Along the way, it has a 7.3 mile (11.7 km)	)	PUNCT	concurrency	NOUN	 concurrency
The farm was named after Craigflower Farm in England which was owned by Andrew Colville, Governor of the Hudson's Bay Company from 1852 to 1856. The land for the farm, was purchased from the Esquimalt First Nation (recorded as the " Kosapsom " on the	the	DET	treaty	NOUN	 treaty
It can be distinguished from other white fungi growing in grassland by its fluffy cap, though the white veil fragments may eventually get washed away by rain. It is similar in appearance to a number of other Amanita species. It can be distinguished from A. praegraveolens microscopically	microscopically	ADV	by	ADP	 by
Upon treatment with a standard base, it converts to metal acetate and water. With strong bases (e.g., organolithium reagents), it can be doubly deprotonated to give LiCH2CO2Li. Reduction of acetic acid gives ethanol. The OH group is the main site of reaction	reaction	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
He found the lyrics to be sometimes odd, especially the statement, " I'm on a mission, and it involves some heavy touchin '. " Sarah Rodman of The Boston Globe said that the song " has a gutter level quippage with sinuous moves ".	.	PUNCT	Priya	PROPN	 Priya
Nanoor is the birthplace of the 14th century poet Chandidas Rami. Nityananda Swami (Nitai of the famous Nitai Gaur pair) the co – founder of Vaishnav religion with Shri Chityanyadev was born at Ekachakra. Tarashankar Bandopadhyay (1898 – 1971), one of the leading	leading	VERB	Bengali	PROPN	 Bengali
The Joint Typhoon Warning Center (JTWC) started monitoring the system on October 14, and later that day, the Japan Meteorological Agency (JMA) followed suit. Following an increase in convection and outflow, the JTWC issued a Tropical Cyclone Formation Alert (TCFA)	)	PUNCT	for	ADP	 for
Throughout his career, Clayton has used both Fender Precision and Jazz basses. His first bass, however, was a dark brown Ibanez. Two years later, at the age of 16, Clayton got his first Precision, as he felt he needed a better guitar	guitar	NOUN	to	PART	 to
Although the defensive wall was never fully completed, many bunkers still exist near Ostend, Channel Islands, Scheveningen, Den Haag, Katwijk, and in Scandinavia. Ambrose, Stephen (1994). D Day, June 6, 1944: The Climactic Battle Of World	World	PROPN	War	PROPN	 War
The theme of a lawsuit against a giant corporation appeared in " The Runaway Jury " - but in the present book, the corporation is vindicated and proven to have been unjustly maligned (at least on the specific drug which is the subject of the lawsuit) and	and	CCONJ	the	DET	 the
These are (1) the theological, (2) the metaphysical, and (3) the positive. Comte's positivism established the initial philosophical foundations for formal sociology and social research. Durkheim, Marx, and Weber are more typically cited as the fathers of	of	ADP	contemporary	ADJ	 contemporary
Hector weakened to a tropical depression at 0000 UTC on August 23, and to a remnant low six hours later. The remnant circulation of Hector dissipated on August 24 about 750 mi (1,210 km) east of the Hawaiian Islands. The cyclone developed from the Intertropical	Intertropical	PROPN	Convergence	PROPN	 Convergence
" The Catholic Secular Forum condemned the album's lyrical content. Joseph Dias issued a statement in which he deemed the lyrics to " Skeleton Christ " to be an " insult to Christianity. " The memorandum was sent to Mumbai's police commissioner, and further expressed	expressed	VERB	concern	NOUN	 concern
Two portraits of Wood, painted by Manson, have been exhibited at the Celebritarian Corporation Gallery of Fine Art. Wood is also the inspiration behind Manson's song " Heart Shaped Glasses ", and she appeared with Manson in the song's music video. Manson has	has	AUX	said	VERB	 said
On 31 March, Petropavlovsk and Poltava sortied to support Russian cruisers and destroyers engaging their Japanese counterparts, but they headed back to Port Arthur to join the rest of the Pacific Squadron when the main Japanese battlefleet appeared. They ran into a newly laid minefield en route	route	NOUN	and	CCONJ	 and
Lieutenant Edward Hidalgo was born in Mexico City. After immigrating to the United States, he joined and served in the U.S. Naval Reserve. In this capacity he held several positions. From 1942 to 1943 he served in Montevideo, Uruguay, as a legal advisor to	to	ADP	the	DET	 the
During his term he brought together the disparate projects in American space development research. The third administrator was James E. Webb (served 1961 – 1968), appointed by President John F. Kennedy. In order to implement the Apollo program to achieve Kennedy's Moon landing goal	goal	NOUN	by	ADP	 by
The Hoamen begin to sacrifice children for their god by feeding them to a large snake. Madoc, angry, accuses a priest leading the sacrifices of being a traitor before killing both the priest and the snake. This feat brings the Hoamen back to Christianity. The	The	DET	Aztec	ADJ	 Aztec
British aircraft received fighter control from warships in San Carlos Water, although its effectiveness was limited by their being stationed close to the islands, which severely limited the effectiveness of their radar. The differences in tactics and training between 800 Squadron and 801 Squadron has been a	a	DET	point	NOUN	 point
Earlier that year, he knelt on stage at The Freddie Mercury Tribute Concert and recited the Lord's Prayer before a TV audience of up to one billion people. In 1993, Bowie said he had an " undying " belief in the " unquestionable " existence of	of	ADP	God	PROPN	 God
The term " dominion status " was officially introduced at the Colonial Conference of 1907. The last decades of the 19th century saw concerted political campaigns for Irish home rule. Ireland had been united with Britain into the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland with the Act	Act	PROPN	of	ADP	 of
Close behind is September's best, the $48 million that Hotel Transylvania 2 took in following its 2015 release. August and February are fourth and fifth, respectively, with Guardians of the Galaxy at $94 million and Deadpool at $132 million respectively (the	the	DET	all	DET	 all
At 05: 10, on August 22, an advance guard of 4,000 British troops, under the command of Clinton and Cornwallis, left Staten Island to land on Long Island. At 08: 00, all 4,000 troops landed on the shore of Gravesend Bay,	,	PUNCT	unopposed	ADJ	 unopposed
Held annually, the Boat Race is a side by side rowing race between crews from the Universities of Oxford and Cambridge along the River Thames. The race which was delayed, the lead changed hands several times and an Oxford rower slumped and nearly fell out of the	the	DET	boat	NOUN	 boat
Having defeated the communist government, Solidarity found itself in a role it was much less prepared for — that of a political party — and soon began to lose popularity. Conflicts among Solidarity factions intensified. Wałęsa was elected Solidarity chairman, but support for him could be	be	AUX	seen	VERB	 seen
However, on 16 September, like many others, he succumbed to dysentery and paratyphoid fever. He was evacuated to the 3rd General Hospital on Lemnos, and then to England on the hospital ship Aquitania, where he was admitted to the 3rd London General Hospital in	in	ADP	Wandsworth	PROPN	 Wandsworth
The practice of taking in Magdalens followed a tradition originating in Europe, where religious orders would take in " repentants " or " penitents " and place them under the protection of Mary Magdalene, a famous reformed sinner of Roman Catholic tradition, and from whom they took	took	VERB	the	DET	 the
These seaborne landings were to be supported by airborne assaults whereby the U.S. 82nd Airborne Division would support the Americans and the 1st Airborne Division the British. The British airborne assault was divided into brigade sized operations: Operation Ladbroke by the 1st Airlanding Brigade took place on the	the	DET	night	NOUN	 night
These were probably only two of many accomplished composers from this era, whose work has largely only survived in fragments. In this era Scotland followed the trend of Renaissance courts for instrumental accompaniment and playing. James V, as well as being a major patron of sacred	sacred	ADJ	music	NOUN	 music
Section 31 was codified in the Revised Statutes. Section 33 was codified in the Revised Statutes. According to Taylor: " Like the Judiciary Act of 1789, the Process Act of 1789 and the Crimes Act of 1790, having been passed by the First Congress,	,	PUNCT	are	AUX	 are
In it, writer Alison Flood contended that " fiction in translation is not an easy sell to Brits, and French fiction is perhaps the hardest sell of all ". Promotions buyer Jonathan Ruppin predicted that the novel would struggle to gain a readership in the United Kingdom	Kingdom	PROPN	because	SCONJ	 because
It was built by the Duke of Buckingham in 1871 as part of a short horse drawn tramway to allow for the transport of goods from and around his extensive estates in Buckinghamshire and to connect the Duke's estates to the Aylesbury and Buckingham Railway at Quainton Road.	.	PUNCT	A	DET	 A
In the Windward Islands, lightning caused two indirect deaths in Trinidad. Chantal dropped light to moderate rainfall across its path, most significantly in Quintana Roo in Mexico where it caused widespread mudslides. Damage in Belize totaled $4 million (2001 USD; $5.35 million	million	NUM	2016	NUM	 2016
In his full debt four days later, Rodríguez played the entire match as the Swiss defeated Montenegro 2 – 0 to end their qualification campaign on a high, despite missing out on a playoff spot to the Balkan side. In a friendly match against the Netherlands on	on	ADP	11	NUM	 11
Shortly after Lincoln's death, Union General William T. Sherman reported he had, without consulting Washington, reached an armistice agreement with Confederate General Joseph E. Johnston for the surrender of Confederate forces in North Carolina in exchange for the existing state government remaining in power, with	with	SCONJ	private	ADJ	 private
But the fact that I ’ m going to school or that someone takes a picture of me sleeping is like, ' We ’ re gonna jump on that and criticize him for his antics '. What antics? I write. I make movies. I	I	PRON	’	PUNCT	 ’
The singer wore a crop top, " bizzare oversized " shorts, an " unusual " hairnet, and large, golden, hooped earrings. Rihanna also demonstrated the dance moves which are featured in the video, including the bogle, the butterfly, and the Dutty	Dutty	PROPN	Wine	PROPN	 Wine
Film of the concert was produced for television broadcast and the home video market. It was produced by James Signorelli, and directed by Michael Lindsay Hogg, a specialist in music documentaries who had worked on The Beatles ' film Let It Be, and executive produced by	by	ADP	Lorne	PROPN	 Lorne
Rubens Barrichello who was caught up in the first lap accident was mathematically ruled out of clinching the title. In the Constructors ' Championship, McLaren's eight point advantage going into the race was reduced to four, with three races of the season remaining. Gislimberti later	later	ADV	died	VERB	 died
" Stephen Thomas Erlewine of Allmusic wrote that the song and " Irresistible " were " double punch " on the album. Chuck Taylor of Billboard praised the song's production, writing that it " locks [this one] inside the head long after it's faded	faded	VERB	from	ADP	 from
As a member of a combined SEAL and Iraqi Army sniper overwatch element, tasked with providing early warning and stand off protection from a rooftop in an insurgent held sector of Ar Ramadi, Iraq, Petty Officer Monsoor distinguished himself by his exceptional bravery in the face of	of	ADP	grave	ADJ	 grave
Each cow ate an average of seven pounds of grain per day (varying from two pounds on pasture to 12 in winter), 1.5 to 2 pounds of oil meal each day and free choice timothy and clover hay — 17 – 20 pounds (7.7 – 9.1	9.1	NUM	kg	NOUN	 kg
The engraving is entitled Port Jackson, Nlle Hollande. Ceremonie preliminaire d'un mariage, chez les sauvages (ceremony before a marriage among the natives, Port Jackson, New Holland). Port Jackson aborigines are from the Eora group of indigenous people living in the Sydney Basin	Basin	PROPN	.	PUNCT	.
In this capacity he helped organise the Pugwash Conferences on Science and World Affairs in 1957. He founded the British Society for Social Responsibility in Science in 1969. He was president of his local branch of the Association of University Teachers from 1970 to 1972, and of	of	ADP	the	DET	 the
The cottages are now owned by the National Trust. The Clifton and Cotham areas provide examples of the developments from the Georgian to the Regency style, with many fine terraces and villas facing the road, and at right angles to it. In the early 19th century	century	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
He was stationed in the Breisgau, a Habsburg territory between the Black Forest and the Rhine River. This location between the forested mountains and the river included two important bridgeheads across the river which offered access to southwestern Germany, the Swiss Cantons, or north central Germany	Germany	PROPN	.	PUNCT	.
The episode also has new performances of three songs that are not on the album. " In My Life " by The Beatles, performed by the non graduating members of New Directions, is the only song that has been released as a single available for digital download	download	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
Such, Porter argues, is the mark of a grey hero. Davies stated in an interview with SFX that he " loved " the uproarious reaction to Jack's actions, defending the character in saying " He saved every single child in the world! If you	you	PRON	would	AUX	 would
The two remaining dates of the tour were canceled and members of the band contemplated retiring after this event. Pearl Jam was initially blamed for the accident, but was later cleared of responsibility. A month after the European tour concluded, the band embarked on its two	two	NUM	leg	NOUN	 leg
In the 17th century, the Franciscans came to the conclusion that the pacification and Christian conversion of the Maya would not be possible as long as the Itza held out at Lake Petén Itzá. The constant flow of escapees fleeing the Spanish held territories to find refuge with	with	ADP	the	DET	 the
Yazid used his cavalry regiment to counterattack but was repulsed. Despite stiff resistance, the warriors of Yazid on the left flank finally fell back to their camps and for a moment Vahan's plan appeared to be succeeding. The centre of the Muslim army was pinned down	down	ADP	and	CCONJ	 and
Finally he retained the eighth starry sphere, which he held to be unmoving. The English almanac maker, Thomas Digges, delineated the spheres of the new cosmological system in his Perfit Description of the Caelestiall Orbes … (1576). Here he arranged the " orbes	orbes	NOUN	"	PUNCT	 "
Another tropical depression developed on September 17, while situated about 205 mi (330 km) south of Santiago, Cape Verde. The depression moved northwestward and did not strengthen. By September 21, it dissipated about 1,135 mi (1,830 km) west northwest of the	the	DET	northernmost	ADJ	 northernmost
Newton made clear his heliocentric view of the Solar System — developed in a somewhat modern way, because already in the mid 1680s he recognised the " deviation of the Sun " from the centre of gravity of the Solar System. For Newton, it was not precisely	precisely	ADV	the	DET	 the
By the end, it had been visited by 104 different people from twelve different nations, making it the most visited spacecraft in history (a record later surpassed by the International Space Station). Due to the pressure to launch the station on schedule, mission planners	planners	NOUN	were	AUX	 were
In his historical work, Hirst's colleague at La Trobe University, Alan Frost, has noted that Hirst " challenged orthodoxies and produced many new insights ". He wrote two seminal books on colonial New South Wales which Frank Bongiorno has described as displaying " a raw	raw	ADJ	intellectual	ADJ	 intellectual
As Edward, with his restored arm, fights Father, Alphonse's soul disappears from the armor. Following Father's defeat, Edward sacrifices his ability to use alchemy to restore Alphonse's soul and original body. The two return to Resembool, where they live until	until	SCONJ	they	PRON	 they
The apse housed the choir stalls of the canons surrounding the high altar. The nave was decorated with Corinthian pilasters surmounted by an entablature. In the chapel of the Virgin there was a sculpture of the Annunciation by Jean Baptiste II Lemoyne. The church was also decorated	decorated	VERB	with	ADP	 with
The researchers recorded when children in their study moved their attention away from the television to the projector, and the data collected were analyzed. Segments were removed based upon the information gathered. " This was the first time in television's history that the children themselves would	would	AUX	be	AUX	 be
The AP also named Ford a second team all Big Nine Conference end. In the summer of 1948, he accepted an invitation to play for the college team in the College All Star Game, a now defunct annual matchup between the champion of the professional National Football	Football	PROPN	League	PROPN	 League
The company made an agreement to wet lease Busy Bee F 27s one some of the routes, while the most trafficked ones would be taken over by 737s. A 1985 government committee, led by State Secretary Per Arne Watle, recommended that more route be flown by	by	ADP	both	PRON	 both
It is possible that it stands where originally erected before the pyramid was built over it. A funerary urn was excavated from underneath the rear of Pyramid B3b. A drain near the northeast corner of Pyramid B3 carries runoff rainwater from the Group B plaza and channels it	it	PRON	outside	ADP	 outside
In her second RCM year Imogen concentrated on composition, producing several chamber works including a violin sonata, an oboe quintet, and a suite for woodwind. She took her first steps towards personal independence when she moved from the family home to a bedsit near Kensington Gardens	Gardens	PROPN	.	PUNCT	.
Most of the remaining members became prisoners of the British Army. Subsequently, 38 officers were extradited to Yugoslavia to face criminal charges, and 10 were executed. After the invasion of the Kingdom of Yugoslavia by the Axis powers on 6 April 1941, the extreme Croat	Croat	NOUN	nationalist	NOUN	 nationalist
The botched rollout of season two included a changed premiere date and episodes that were difficult to access in advance on Marvel ’ s dreadful media site. Capping the mishandling is the fact that the full first season was only made available on ABC.com days before season two began	began	VERB	,	PUNCT	,
Lithuania would become disillusioned with the Nazi regime and organize resistance, notably the Supreme Committee for the Liberation of Lithuania, but the Soviet Union remained " Public Enemy Number One. " A Lithuanian perception that Jewish Bolshevism was involved in the occupation strengthened antisemitic attitudes and contributed	contributed	VERB	to	ADP	 to
Past Monroe Street, the route makes a long, significant turn to the west, following Honeoye Creek into the town of Rush and the hamlet of the same name. The highway meets Rush – West Rush Road at an intersection south of the community, at which	which	PRON	point	NOUN	 point
Harry Secombe played his regular character in The Goon Show, Neddie Seagoon, in turn playing " Professor Ned Cratermess, OBE. " This was followed later in the same year by a spoof on another BBC radio comedy show, That Man Chester, which launched a	a	DET	regular	ADJ	 regular
He served as secretary of the Filipino Community of Stockton from 1954 to 1956. In 1956, Itliong founded the Filipino Farm Labor Union in Stockton. In 1957, he was elected president of the Filipino Voters League in Stockton. By 1965, Itliong was leading the	the	DET	AFL	PROPN	 AFL
In 1915, and again in 1917, Detzner and some of his men tried to escape along the coast in two canoes. In 1917, they reached the vicinity of Friedrich Wilhelmshafen, which today is Madang. There lay anchored the Australian ship, HMAS Una,	,	PUNCT	which	PRON	 which
Superman was also the final complete film by cinematographer Geoffrey Unsworth, who died during post production while working on Tess for director Roman Polanski. The Fortress of Solitude was constructed at Shepperton Studios and at Pinewood's 007 Stage. Upon viewing the footage of Krypton, Warner	Warner	PROPN	Bros.	PROPN	 Bros.
The village of Frémicourt fell the following day. The New Zealand Division continued to advance, with the 2nd Brigade capturing Haplincourt on 3 September following a failed attempt the previous day. It moved onto the outer defences of the Hindenburg Line, including Trescault Spur, which	which	PRON	overlooked	VERB	 overlooked
On February 9, 2012, it was reported that The Expendables 2 was in post production. The Expendables 2 contains approximately 1,547 digital effect shots. The main effects studio was Worldwide FX (WWFX), which produced 1,186 of the shots, and a further 800	800	NUM	shots	NOUN	 shots
According to Cuthbert, Bede fell ill, " with frequent attacks of breathlessness but almost without pain ", before Easter. On the Tuesday, two days before Bede died, his breathing became worse and his feet swelled. He continued to dictate to a scribe,	,	PUNCT	however	ADV	 however
The core is constructed from a dome of stacked bricks made from hardened sand, whilst the shell is made using a strickle board. This is a large, flat, wooden board shaped like a cross section of the bell, which is rotated around a vertical axis	axis	NOUN	to	PART	 to
By 1756, the French had enjoyed successes in most of their frontier battles against the British. Their only notable failure occurred when the British stopped their southward advance from Lake Champlain in the 1755 Battle of Lake George. From bases at Fort St. Frédéric (located at	at	ADP	what	PRON	 what
The frequency is best understood as what we know as a dog whistle as the frequency is picked up by a dog's ear and was part of their humour. They joked about picturing barking dogs should they be present when the album would finish. Recorded two months	months	NOUN	after	SCONJ	 after
Shortly after his return, Penfold was again summoned back to London to face an investigation by the House of Commons Foreign Affairs Select Committee. He gave evidence in a televised session in which he stated his belief that the Sandline controversy was a peripheral issue and that the	the	DET	FCO	PROPN	 FCO
Jock and his English wife Agnes (née Hodgson) had met in 1907, when she was 16, a year after her family's emigration to Selukwe from Frizington, Cumberland. After Mr Hodgson sent his wife and children back to England in 1908, Jock Smith	Smith	PROPN	astonished	VERB	 astonished
Utility relocation for Phase I began in mid 2008. Phase I through Tysons Corner to Reston (Wiehle Reston East station) opened July 26, 2014, while Phase II to Dulles is expected to be completed in 2018. No stations will be opened until the completion	completion	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
I think that influenced a lot in what we do today musically and ideologically. " Group members Boris Bilbraut, Willy Rodríguez, Eliut González, Juan Costa, and Ivan Gutiérres began jamming together in 1996, bonding over a shared interest in reggae music, particularly Bob	Bob	PROPN	Marley	PROPN	 Marley
Within 44 Indian battalions, the " junior British officers were green, and most could not speak Hindustani. In one battalion only one Indian officer spoke English and only two British officers could communicate with their men. " Not all of the Indian battalions served in the	the	DET	infantry	NOUN	 infantry
It features cultural references to The Empire Strikes Back, Charlie's Angels, and Ms. Pac Man. The title of the episode is a play on the American television series I Married Joan. Since airing, " I Married Marge " has received mostly positive reviews from	from	ADP	television	NOUN	 television
The Borg drone initially calls himself " Third of Five ", but ends up referring to and understanding himself as " Hugh " – the name given to him by La Forge. Hugh discusses how the Borg only wish to learn about other cultures through assimilation, but	but	CCONJ	La	PROPN	 La
However, by sacrificing some speed and accuracy, Sinclair used clever algorithms to run scientific operations on a chip with room for just 320 instructions. Constants, rather than being stored in the calculator, were printed under the screen. It displays only in scientific notation,	,	PUNCT	with	ADP	 with
" " Who Owns Football? " appeared in Sports Story Magazine in 1931, in 2012 John Dinan's Sports in the Pulp Magazines called it " timeless ". According to Ryan K. Anderson in Upon Further Review: Sports in American Literature, " By the 1940s	1940s	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
The 8th Parachute Battalion was the first to reach Lembeck, which was defended by two Panzer Grenadier companies. A hand to hand battle ensued, lasting 18 hours and eventually drawing in all three battalions; by midnight the town was secured, with around 300 prisoners taken	taken	VERB	.	PUNCT	.
Cibula mentions that the " creepy / cool … sound [fits] the characteristic Kim Deal familiar / strange lyrics: ' Sorrow blowin ’ through the vents / I ’ m over Houston / You ’ re over the night we met. ' " On " Too	Too	PROPN	Alive	PROPN	 Alive
He avoided Ravel but regularly programmed Debussy. Fauré did not feature often, although his orchestral Pavane was an exception; Beecham's final recording sessions in 1959 included the Pavane and the Dolly Suite. Bizet was among Beecham's favourites, and other French composers favoured by	by	ADP	him	PRON	 him
She escorted convoys from 3 — 6 October that evacuated the 157th Rifle Division from Odessa to Sevastopol. During the Siege of Sevastopol, the ship provided gunfire support and evacuated cut off troops from elsewhere in the Crimea into Sevastopol and brought in reinforcements from Caucasian ports.	.	PUNCT	She	PRON	 She
This request was dismissed, with O'Connor saying the International Committee of the Red Cross and the Red Crescent fulfilled the duty of ensuring fair treatment of detainees and Canada could be notified and take action in any cases of abuse. However, the Red Cross stated that their	their	PRON	mandate	NOUN	 mandate
Sullivan described Artie as " consistently awesome ", and Slezak said it was " one of Artie ’ s more appealing musical moments this season " and gave it a " B ". Lynch characterized the song as a " spunky diversion " and gave it a "	"	PUNCT	B	NOUN	 B
Umbriel may be differentiated into a rocky core surrounded by an icy mantle. If this is the case, the radius of the core (317 km) is about 54% of the radius of the moon, and its mass is around 40% of the moon	moon	NOUN	’	PUNCT	 ’
Kellan Lutz as Emmett Cullen, physically the strongest vampire of the family. Nikki Reed as Rosalie Hale, Emmett Cullen's mate, a vampire described as the most beautiful person in the world. She is hostile toward Bella throughout the film, worried that Edward's	's	PART	relationship	NOUN	 relationship
In 2004, he gave a critically acclaimed performance as the antagonist in the multi starrer Aayutha Ezhuthu and the film secured him his first Filmfare Award for the intense portrayal of a rogue. In the mid 2000s, Madhavan also actively pursued a career in Hindi films,	,	PUNCT	by	ADP	 by
The Singapore Tourist and Promotion Board (STPB) proceeded with the decision to use the breed (advertised under the name Kucinta) as a tourism mascot after CFA concluded its investigation. The name Kucinta is an amalgamation of the Malay words kucing (cat) and cinta	cinta	PROPN	(	PUNCT	 (
McCarthy was sacked in March and replaced by caretaker manager Kevin Ball. He took Sunderland to their first home win of the season, a 2 – 1 victory over Fulham. On 6 August 2007, Sunderland celebrated 10 years at the Stadium of Light with a draw	draw	NOUN	against	ADP	 against
In early May, British troops landed at San Carlos on the western side of East Falkland, and from there moved overland towards the islands ' capital of Stanley. To support the advance, logistical supplies were ferried to the troops by helicopter from San Carlos. The	The	DET	Argentine	ADJ	 Argentine
Metallica's recording process was new to Jason Newsted, who questioned his impact on the overall sound and the lack of discussion with the rest of the team. Newsted had a different experience with his previous band, Flotsam and Jetsam, describing their style as " basically	basically	ADV	everybody	PRON	 everybody
Leawood Pumphouse is now a working museum which still does the original job of pumping water from the Derwent to Cromford Canal, Open on selected weekends. At Belper, while much of the site has been converted to other business uses, the Belper North Mill building houses	houses	VERB	the	DET	 the
The style of the tunnel bypass was to follow the same style as the Laurel Hill bypass. On November 26, 1968, the three twinned tunnels opened, and the bypass of the Rays Hill and Sideling Hill Tunnels opened. The new bypass also opened the Breezewood	Breezewood	PROPN	Interchange	PROPN	 Interchange
TISM's biggest success was the 1995 album Machiavelli and the Four Seasons. The release was a shift from alternative rock to synth driven techno and dance which retained vocal melodies and loud guitars. The album was certified gold and won an ARIA Award for Best Independent Release	Release	PROPN	.	PUNCT	.
For the crew of Altares, a ship capable of travelling at the speed of light, the mission to Alpha Centauri is measured in years, while whole decades pass on Earth. To encourage children to explore the topics in their own time (and thereby develop their	their	PRON	research	NOUN	 research
Wind speeds continue to increase reaching maxima at ± 60° latitude before falling to zero at the poles. Wind speeds at − 40° latitude range from 150 to 200 m / s. Because the collar obscures all clouds below that parallel, speeds between it and the	the	DET	southern	ADJ	 southern
Meanwhile, the democratic parliament in Prussia collapsed, and the king, Frederick William IV, introduced a new cabinet of his reactionary supporters, who implemented counter revolutionary measures to expunge leftist and other revolutionary elements from the country. Consequently, the Neue Rheinische Zeitung was soon	soon	ADV	suppressed	VERB	 suppressed
Grampa then reconciles with Homer. " The Old Man and the Key " was written by Jon Vitti and directed by Lance Kramer. It was first broadcast on the Fox network in the United States on March 10, 2002. The idea for the episode was pitched	pitched	VERB	by	ADP	 by
After the Civil War, Minnesota became an attractive region for European immigration and settlement as farmland. Minnesota's population in 1870 was 439,000; this number tripled during the two subsequent decades. The Homestead Act in 1862 facilitated land claims by settlers, who regarded the land	land	NOUN	as	ADP	 as
Georgia Tech's Evening School of Commerce began holding classes in 1912. The evening school admitted its first female student in 1917, although the state legislature did not officially authorize attendance by women until 1920. Annie T. Wise became the first female graduate in 1919 and went	went	VERB	on	ADP	 on
Most drivers stayed on the race track, but some exceptions were Jamie McMurray, Jimmie Johnson, and Clint Bowyer. One lap after the restart, Kenseth became the leader, after passing Gordon. After the collision, Reutimann was several laps behind the leader. After	After	ADP	restarting	VERB	 restarting
In her book, Denying the Holocaust, Lipstadt called Irving a Holocaust denier, falsifier, and bigot, and said that he manipulated and distorted real documents. Lipstadt hired the British solicitor Anthony Julius to present her case, while Penguin Books hired Kevin Bays and Mark	Mark	PROPN	Bateman	PROPN	 Bateman
Their shape and size are remarkable. I will give the measurement of one, to indicate the form: the length along the back nearly fourteen inches; from the base to the top of the column in front, five inches; and its lid a foot long	long	ADV	by	ADP	 by
The Grand Duke of Tuscany, Ferdinando II, wished to bury him in the main body of the Basilica of Santa Croce, next to the tombs of his father and other ancestors, and to erect a marble mausoleum in his honour. These plans were dropped,	,	PUNCT	however	ADV	 however
Wiedemann and Lammers had provided assurances that Hess would not be harmed. In August 1940, Heinrich Himmler, the Reichsführer of the SS, issued a letter to the Düsseldorf Gestapo ordering that Hess should not be " inopportuned in any way whatsoever ". Noting that Hess	Hess	PROPN	had	AUX	 had
The use of Mongolian in China, specifically in Inner Mongolia, has witnessed periods of decline and revival over the last few hundred years. The language experienced a decline during the late Qing period, a revival between 1947 and 1965, a second decline between 1966 and	and	CCONJ	1976	NUM	 1976
In this, it is said- Ireleth did not have a parish church at this point, falling into the ' Above Town ' area, together with the hamlets of Marton and Lindal, of the parish of Dalton in Furness. Lacking a place of worship, it	it	PRON	was	AUX	 was
Revolutionary sentiment was concentrated largely among the more educated and urban sectors of the populace. There was less support for an organized revolt among the peasantry and the wealthier merchants and traders, who feared that Ottoman reprisals would jeopardize economic stability and widespread rural land ownership. Vasil	Vasil	PROPN	Levski	PROPN	 Levski
Kaneka often has political lyrics and is sung in Drehu, Paici or other Melanesian languages, or in French. The word " kanak " is grammatically invariable. The German racial epithet Kanake — which is now applied to all non whites, even southern Europeans in some	some	DET	cases	NOUN	 cases
Another study from 2012 included 150 dental school students from the University of Athens, and the results of the study showed that light hair colour (blonde / light ash brown) was predominant in 10.7% of the students. 36% had medium hair colour (light	light	ADJ	brown	ADJ	 brown
The following description is based primarily on Khalkha Mongolian. In particular, the phonology section describes the Khalkha dialect as spoken in Ulaanbaatar, Mongolia's capital. The phonologies of other varieties such as Ordos, Khorchin, and even Chakhar, differ considerably. In contrast,	,	PUNCT	most	ADJ	 most
In addition, 分手的请书 won two awards at the 2010 Singapore Entertainment Awards and 我们 (Together) won Best Theme Song at the 2010 Star Awards. However, his contract with Warner Music expired in September 2010 and was not renewed. In 2006, Tan staged a	a	DET	solo	NOUN	 solo
In his website Lineboil, Aaron Simpson compared it to Garbage Pail Kids and the works of Don Martin, two elements of his childhood. Amid Amidi of Cartoon Brew called Robertryan Cory's character designs " impressive " and " distinctively styled ", though he felt the	the	DET	art	NOUN	 art
The drawing stops at the end of John's robe, at about the point on the London panel where Joseph's walking stick meets John and the Magdalene's robes. This suggests that the Magdalene panel was the first to be cut from the larger work. At	At	ADP	an	DET	 an
The Darjeeling Himalayan Railway, the Nilgiri Mountain Railway and the Kalka – Shimla Railway have collectively been designated as a UNESCO World Heritage Site. These lines connect important hill resorts with the foot hills, winding their way up through rugged yet scenic mountainous landscape. Given the	the	DET	terrain	NOUN	 terrain
US iodized salt contains 46 – 77 ppm (parts per million), whereas in the UK the iodine content of iodized salt is recommended to be 10 – 22 ppm. Sodium ferrocyanide, also known as yellow prussiate of soda, is sometimes added to salt as	as	ADP	an	DET	 an
Along with the collectible items that are flown on shuttle missions, such as mission patches, flags, and other personal items for the crew, were an official Harlem Globetrotters basketball and a basketball that Edwin Hubble used in 1909 when he played for the University of Chicago	Chicago	PROPN	.	PUNCT	.
" A review in The Los Angeles Times stated that " With Hard Boiled, John Woo shows himself to be the best director of contemporary action films anywhere. " The Philadelphia Inquirer spoke positively about the action scenes, noting the " epic shootouts that bookend Hard Boiled	Boiled	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
' " Frederick Shedden wrote a paper putting the case for the Singapore strategy as a means of defending Australia. He argued that since Australia was also an island nation, it followed that it would also be vulnerable to a naval blockade. If Australia could be defeated	defeated	VERB	without	ADP	 without
Odelay was released on June 18, 1996, to commercial success and critical acclaim. The record produced several hit singles, including " Where It's At ", " Devils Haircut ", and " The New Pollution ", and was nominated for the Grammy Award	Award	PROPN	for	ADP	 for
Revere was born in Atlanta, and raised in LaGrange, Georgia, though he eventually moved to Richmond, Kentucky. He played baseball at Lexington Catholic High School, where he received several awards during his junior and senior seasons. Revere was selected in the first round	round	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
Train tickets were sold out since the semi final round, despite the addition of services to accommodate 7,000 extra passengers. Both clubs laid on six planes to take its supporters directly to Cardiff at £135 each. Although the M4 was busy on the day of the	the	DET	final	ADJ	 final
During the second half of the season, the team to tour Australia was announced. The selection of four fast bowlers and a few medium pacers was very unusual at the time, and it was commented on by the hosts ' media, including Bradman. The selection	selection	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
Due to the central location of the stadium within the city, parking space is limited, and spectators are advised to use public transportation, particularly for more prominent matches. The stadium is also located close to the underground railway station Triangeln, which opened in December 2010	2010	NUM	as	ADP	 as
In 1992 he made his first appearance on the under 21 team, playing seven times between 1992 and 1993. The midfielder debuted for the re formed Czech national team in June 1994 in a 3 – 1 win over the Republic of Ireland. His first major tournament	tournament	NOUN	was	AUX	 was
The Red Cross reported that the storm forced 500 people to seek refuge in shelters. Also, many flights were canceled at the Tampa International Airport. About 200 National Guardsmen were called to help clean up the damage in flooded areas. Officials forced schools in six counties	counties	NOUN	–	PUNCT	 –
He ended up with more than 40 changes onscreen. Kalyan underwent a special diet and exercise to lose weight for the role in the film. Kishore Kumar said that Kalyan would be seen for 25 minutes, as in the original, but this was later extended to	to	ADP	45	NUM	 45
Originally, there was going to be an entire flashback episode in which Nikki was going to be a crime fighting stripper, only to have it revealed that she was actually an actress. The idea was shortened to just one flashback spot. The role of Mr. LaShade	LaShade	PROPN	was	AUX	 was
It was the most prominent bank to plead guilty in the United States since Drexel Burnham Lambert in 1989 and the largest to do so since the Bankers Trust in 1999. " Credit Suisse conspired to help U.S. citizens hide assets in offshore accounts in order to evade paying	paying	VERB	taxes	NOUN	 taxes
The community then gathers up in a public burning as they burn up all of Krusty's merchandise. Krusty's sidekick Sideshow Bob becomes the new host of his show and making it a more educational program, while retaining the popular Itchy & Scratchy cartoons. Still refusing	refusing	VERB	to	PART	 to
The 1969 tour was a three Test series. The captains were Ray Illingworth for England and Sobers for the West Indies. The West Indies had an ageing team and, with Sobers suffering a loss of form, were always the weaker side. England won the first	first	ADJ	Test	NOUN	 Test
Max Bemis expounded upon the story of In Defense of the Genre as well as the differences between that album and... Is a Real Boy in an interview with AbsolutePunk.net on June 19, 2007. During live shows, some members of the group (other than Bemis	Bemis	PROPN	)	PUNCT	)
The A.V. Club's Keith Phipps gave the episode a B-, explaining that it " didn't quite work " and suffered from tonal problems. Matt Wales on IGN was also mixed, giving it a 7.5 out of 10 rating. He was positive toward Curran and	and	CCONJ	Gillan	PROPN	 Gillan
Grant chose to author a story featuring the Ventriloquist. However, he had been tempted to author a story featuring Anarky, only reconsidering the idea on the basis that his disassociation from the character had left him unfamiliar with what had become of Anarky's canonical status at	at	ADP	the	DET	 the
Mounir el Motassadeq, an associate of the Hamburg based hijackers, is serving 15 years in Germany for his role in helping the hijackers prepare for the attacks. The Hamburg cell in Germany included radical Islamists who eventually came to be key operatives in the 9 / 11	11	NUM	attacks	NOUN	 attacks
The South West Coast Path which starts at Minehead and follows all along the Exmoor coast before continuing to Poole. The Coleridge Way is a 82 km (51 mi) footpath which follows the walks taken by poet Samuel Taylor Coleridge to Lynmouth, starting from Coleridge Cottage	Cottage	PROPN	at	ADP	 at
In the retrial, White testified that the six alleged robbers had saved their hair clippings to create disguises, and identified a partially obscured head and shoulder in a photo taken from a surveillance camera as Shakur's. Kennedy objected to this identification on the grounds that the	the	DET	prosecutor	NOUN	 prosecutor
However, after playing another seven games, for a total of 12 points in 8 games, Crosby's concussion like symptoms returned in December 2011, possibly following an elbow hit by David Krejci in his eighth game of the season. Despite passing a successful ImPACT test	test	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
In 1951, a second pipeline was added, and Willow Dam was constructed, creating Willow Lake. The springs serve over 115,000 customers throughout the Rogue Valley. Loggers felled massive amounts of forest in the 1920s and 1930s. Reforestation efforts began in the 1940s because natural	natural	ADJ	regeneration	NOUN	 regeneration
In 1788 Washington, with his personal consent, was named Master in the Virginia charter of Alexandria Lodge No. 22. Washington was the only prominent Founding Father to arrange in his will for the manumission of all his slaves following his death. He privately opposed slavery	slavery	NOUN	as	ADP	 as
They are considered among his outwardly more virtuosic and musically less ambitious works. Sorabji's counterpoint stems from Busoni's and Reger's. The influence of these composers led Sorabji to employ various baroque contrapuntal forms (chorale prelude, passacaglia, fugue and others), but	but	CCONJ	he	PRON	 he
The ship covered an amphibious landing during the Syria – Lebanon Campaign of June 1941 and began escorting supply convoys in June to Tobruk, Libya shortly afterwards. She was damaged by German dive bombers while rescuing survivors from the minelayer Latona in October 1941 and resumed escorting convoys	convoys	NOUN	to	ADP	 to
Following the First World War, the Royal Air Force had an estimated 20,000 surplus aircraft or more, many still in production at the end of the war. Sir Hugh Trenchard, Chief of the Air Staff, argued for the establishment of air forces in the Dominions	Dominions	PROPN	.	PUNCT	.
The San Francisco Bay Guardian wrote that the TVTV team had improved since their previous work but wanted them to move on to more challenging subjects. The documentary chronicles Guru Maharaj Ji, the Divine Light Mission, his followers and anti Vietnam War activist Rennie Davis at "	"	PUNCT	Millennium	PROPN	 Millennium
Southern Rhodesian pilots played a part in the siege of Malta during 1942. John Plagis, a Rhodesian airman of Greek ancestry, joined the multinational group of Allied airmen defending the strategically important island in late March and on 1 April achieved four aerial victories in an afternoon	afternoon	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
The airline was originally to be called Evergreen Airways, however this was deemed too similar to the unrelated Evergreen International cargo airline. In October 1989, the newly formed EVA Airways Corporation placed a US $3.6 billion order for 26 aircraft from Boeing and McDonnell Douglas,	,	PUNCT	including	VERB	 including
The group was reinforced through by election victories of other Independents — including Charles Frederick Palmer, John Bull's deputy editor, until his premature death in October 1920. Bottomley was, at least for a year or so, a diligent parliamentarian who spoke on a range	range	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
A 2007 report concluded that wood fuel exceeded hydroelectric and wind as the largest potential source of renewable energy. Scotland's forests, which made up 60% of the UK resource base, were forecast to be able to provide up to 1 million tonnes of wood fuel	fuel	NOUN	per	ADP	 per
The only region in the Greater Himalaya that has seen glacial advances is in the Karakoram Range and only in the highest elevation glaciers, but this has been attributed possibly increased precipitation as well as to the correlating glacial surges, where the glacier tongue advances due to pressure	pressure	NOUN	build	VERB	 build
The whole idea is that we ’ re the ones who have to wait. ” Millard has also noted, " The difference with ‘ Homesick ’ [as compared to " I Can Only Imagine "] is that it talks about those who are stuck around here	here	ADV	after	SCONJ	 after
Gibraltar was directly attacked, both overtly and covertly, on several occasions during the war. Vichy French aircraft carried out bombing attacks in 1940 after the surprise attack of their fleet by the royal navy and there were sporadic raids from Italian and German long range aircraft,	,	PUNCT	though	SCONJ	 though
" This scene, in the film, is one which Scott claims most people " missed " the meaning of. It was in reference to Starling — to their encounter in The Silence of the Lambs. The New York Times, in its review of the film	film	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
However, as both entrances will use a glass canopy cover independent of any Hudson Yards structures, the 3 Hudson Boulevard entrance was shelved in lieu of a subway entrance directly to the east of 3 Hudson Boulevard. In the preliminary plans, there was also going to	to	PART	be	AUX	 be
One indirect death occurred when a man suffered a heart attack in Lake Worth while installing storm shutters. At least three tornadoes were spawned in Palm Beach County. The strongest was an F2 that struck a trailer park in Briny Breezes, damaging numerous trailers and injuring 22	22	NUM	people	NOUN	 people
The scene in which Jim and Pam discover the pregnancy includes no dialogue, and is a homage to a similar scene in the original British version of The Office, where Tim Canterbury silently proclaims his love for Dawn Tinsley. The episode also features a sketch about the	the	DET	history	NOUN	 history
The three men began discussing the sandwich, and Presley decided he wanted one right then. Presley had been to the restaurant before, while in Denver. Kennedy and Pietrafeso were friends of the owners and hung out there often, so they were driven to the Memphis	Memphis	PROPN	airport	NOUN	 airport
227Ac decays mainly as a beta emitter with a very small energy, but in 1.38% of cases it emits an alpha particle, so it can readily be identified through alpha spectrometry. Thirty six radioisotopes have been identified, the most stable being 227Ac with a half	half	ADJ	life	NOUN	 life
Afterward, he moved to Jackson, Mississippi where he began his legal career. From 1838 to 1839, he served as Reading Clerk for the Mississippi state senate. Magoffin returned to Kentucky in 1839 due to an illness. He continued his legal practice in Harrodsburg,	,	PUNCT	and	CCONJ	 and
The episode was written by Jonathan Collier, who is a huge boxing fan. Knowing that the people on the internet would " give them grief ", the writers went to a lot of effort to explain how Homer would be able to challenge for the Heavyweight Title	Title	PROPN	.	PUNCT	.
When he first got the role, St. John's hair resembled Howarth's shorter shoulder length haircut, which was initially worn from 2000 to 2003, and St. John was told by the writers and producers not to change his hair until further notice. St. John "	"	PUNCT	made	VERB	 made
With the Series tied at 2 to 2, Koufax pitched a complete game shutout in Game 5 for a 3 – 2 Dodgers lead as the Series returned to Minnesota's Metropolitan Stadium for Game 6. The Twins won Game 6 to force a seventh game. Starting	Starting	VERB	Game	PROPN	 Game
In 1908, he pitched a perfect game during a tight pennant race that saw Cleveland finish a half game out of first place; it was the closest that Joss came to a World Series berth. The 1910 season was his last, and Joss missed most of	of	ADP	the	DET	 the
It is widely used in commercial ionization chamber smoke detectors, as well as in neutron sources and industrial gauges. Several unusual applications, such as nuclear batteries or fuel for space ships with nuclear propulsion, have been proposed for the isotope 242mAm, but they are as	as	ADV	yet	ADV	 yet
In this port, players race against five other vehicles instead of three, but players must still place in the top three to move to the next track. Another feature is that race records are recorded; players are prompted to enter their name before the game start	start	VERB	to	PART	 to
His interest in film direction kindled after watching Quentin Tarantino's Pulp Fiction (1994), and Krzysztof Kieślowski's television series The Decalogue, during a film festival in Thiruvananthapuram. In 1995, Bhardwaj made his debut as a music composer for the children's film Abhay	Abhay	PROPN	(	PUNCT	 (
Along Chiswick, despite a higher stroke rate, Cambridge failed to move ahead and showed signs of tiredness, and Oxford began to move away again. By Barnes Bridge they were a length and a half clear, but encountered difficult water there as a temporary dam that	that	PRON	had	AUX	 had
The full album track list was released on April 13, 2014, featuring songs from artists including M83, Grouplove, Kodaline, Jake Bugg, Tom Odell, Birdy, Ed Sheeran and Charli XCX, who performed " Boom Clap ", one of the main songs	songs	NOUN	from	ADP	 from
It includes the six stages of changes (Aiyar translates this to " existence, birth, growth, transformation, decay, and destruction "); six maladies or " infirmities " (hunger, thirst, suffering, delusion, age, and death); koshas	koshas	NOUN	or	CCONJ	 or
It is uncertain whether they represent the site of a former breeding colony, or are the result of a seabird wreck in which storms blow birds inland. They do suggest, however, that members of the genus were formerly more widespread. This long winged petrel is	is	AUX	32	NUM	 32
Kawada also performed the opening and ending themes to the original video animation series Shakugan no Shana S. The opening theme " Prophecy " was released on November 18, 2009. On March 24, 2010, Kawada released her third album Linkage. containing the singles " PSI	PSI	NOUN	Missing	PROPN	 Missing
Infuriated at Tony's interference in his life, he gives heroin to his drug addicted brother Remi and tells him to murder Tony. Grutter sees the diamond César gave to Viviane and realizes that César, Mario, and Tony were responsible for the jewel theft. Grutter	Grutter	NOUN	forces	VERB	 forces
John Fletcher, Wesley's designated successor, called Christian perfection a " baptism in the Holy Spirit ". His Checks to Antinomianism later became a standard for Pentecostally inclined holiness teachers. On the subject, Fletcher wrote: Lastly: if we will attain the full power	power	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
She participated in the celebration of the 400th anniversary of the discovery of America in New York City in 1892. She assigned to the Mediterranean Squadron and visited Toulon in October 1893. She sailed for the Pacific Ocean during the First Sino Japanese War and remained in the	the	DET	Pacific	PROPN	 Pacific
It is worthy of emphasis that this claim arose when George Washington was the President of the United States. The dissenters noted various historical examples of the Court applying laches to Indian equitable claims, and argued that the doctrine should also be applied to the action of ejectment	ejectment	NOUN	(	PUNCT	 (
According to Maddicott, the provisions had been at the centre of Montfort's opposition over the last six years, and it was unlikely that he would give them up so easily. Nevertheless, Montfort showed willingness to negotiate the terms of the provisions. As such,	,	PUNCT	the	DET	 the
As some municipalities were created at this time by merging smaller communities, this led in some cases to arms consisting of two parts, each derived from one of the communities. Some new municipalities also lacked historical cities within, and therefore created wholly new coats of arms	arms	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
She uses those memories to track down a Vulcan serial killer on the station. Ezri takes a Runabout to the Badlands against Sisko's orders in the episode " Penumbra " in order to search for Worf, who has been lost on board a Klingon vessel. She	She	PRON	manages	VERB	 manages
It originally aired on Nickelodeon in the United States on July 17, 2009. The series follows the adventures and endeavors of the title character and his various friends in the underwater city of Bikini Bottom. In this episode, SpongeBob's pants have shrunk in the dryer	dryer	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
Stanford changed several position coaches and its defensive strategy in the offseason, and though the Cardinal returned 17 of 24 possible players from the previous year's starting lineup, few believed the Cardinal would be among the best teams in the country. In the annual preseason poll	poll	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
The park is next to the Otis Redding Memorial Bridge, which crosses the Ocmulgee River. The Otis Redding Memorial Library is also housed in the city. The Rhythm and Blues Foundation named Redding as the recipient of its 2006 Pioneer Award. Billboard awarded Redding the "	"	PUNCT	Otis	PROPN	 Otis
He was also fed up with his family home in Queen Square, deciding to obtain a new house in London. Although retaining a personal bedroom and study at Queen Square, he relocated his family to Horrington House in Turnham Green Road, West London, in January	January	PROPN	1873	NUM	 1873
Non nucleosidic phosphoramidites are used to introduce desired groups that are not available in natural nucleosides or that can be introduced more readily using simpler chemical designs. A very short selection of commercial phosphoramidite reagents is shown in Scheme for the demonstration of the available structural and functional diversity	diversity	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
More recent scholarship pursuing this vein has made the frieze a site of ideological tension between the elite and the demos with perhaps only the aristocracy present and merely veiled reference to the ten tribes. The pediments, metopes and shield of the Parthenos all illustrate the mythological past	past	NOUN	and	CCONJ	 and
One of the earliest mantis references is in the ancient Chinese dictionary Erya, which gives its attributes in poetry, where it represents courage and fearlessness, and a brief description. A later text, the Jingshi Zhenglei Daguan Bencao (" Great History of Medical Material Annotated	Annotated	PROPN	and	CCONJ	 and
She later recalled that when Szilárd mentioned extremely powerful bombs, she " was sure she was working for a nut ". Ending the letter with " Yours truly, Albert Einstein " did nothing to alter this impression. Both the letter and a longer explanatory letter were	were	AUX	then	ADV	 then
That no reasonable person would put faith in it. " In 2007, Gingrich authored a book, Rediscovering God in America, arguing that the Founding Fathers actively intended the new republic to not only allow, but encourage, religious expression in the public square. Following	Following	VERB	publication	NOUN	 publication
North to south, Webb, Moran, Paintbrush, Cascade, Death and Granite Canyons slice through Teton Range. Jackson Hole is a 55 mi (89 km) long by 6 to 13 mi (10 to 21 km) wide graben valley with an average elevation	elevation	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
He began acting in plays while working in the Bangalore Transport Service as a bus conductor. In 1973, he joined the Madras Film Institute to pursue a diploma in acting. Following his debut in K. Balachander's Tamil drama Apoorva Raagangal (1975), his acting	acting	VERB	career	NOUN	 career
The breed was developed in the Highlands and Western Isles of Scotland from two types of now extinct cattle, one originally black, and the other reddish. The original cattle were brought to Britain by Neolithic farmers. Highland cattle have a history that dates back to at	at	ADP	least	ADJ	 least
In 1988 the restoration of Woolhampton Lock was completed, but obstructions remained on either side. Frounds swing bridge could not be opened and the restoration of Midgham Lock had not been finished; both were completed the following year. Re puddling of the Crofton pounds was carried	carried	VERB	out	ADP	 out
This was a crime punishable by death since the United States was at war. Even if the men were not given death sentences, they could get prison terms of 15 years. The Navy set up the court martial in a disused Marine barracks building at Treasure Island	Island	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
" Smythe disagreed that a new flag would help to unify the country. Smythe switched his support to John Diefenbaker. Smythe wrote over 300 letters to Members of Parliament. In 1965, he unsuccessfully lobbied for the Red Ensign to be flown at the Gardens instead of	of	ADP	the	DET	 the
Caspar David was familiar with death from an early age. His mother, Sophie Dorothea Bechly, died in 1781 when he was just seven. A year later, his sister Elisabeth died, while a second sister, Maria, succumbed to typhus in 1791. Arguably	Arguably	ADV	the	DET	 the
Casualties within the First Canadian and Second British Army are placed at 83,045: 15,995 killed, 57,996 wounded, and 9,054 missing. Of these, Canadian losses amounted to 18,444, with 5,021 killed in action. The Allied air forces, having flown 480,317 sorties in support	support	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
In September 1942, the S 1 Executive Committee recommended that a five tank pilot plant be built along with a 200 tank section of a production plant. Between October 1942 and November 1943, Groves paid monthly visits to the Radiation Laboratory in Berkeley. Reports indicated that	that	SCONJ	compared	VERB	 compared
Although the title is adapted from Ian Fleming's short story " From a View to a Kill ", the film has an entirely original screenplay. In A View to a Kill, Bond is pitted against Max Zorin, who plans to destroy California's Silicon Valley	Valley	PROPN	.	PUNCT	.
These activities came to be performed outside the City walls in the near suburbs of the East End. Later when lead making and bone processing for soap and china came to be established, they too located in the East End rather than the crowded streets of the City	City	PROPN	.	PUNCT	.
The video notably ended stating " coming never ", indicating that the trailer was in fact never going to be a full feature film. The video was directed by Melina Matsoukas. One of the many outfits worn by Beyoncé in the video was a Givenchy lace pant	pant	NOUN	suit	NOUN	 suit
Robin climbs through Sunny's bedroom window and takes a photo of her. He locks Zeke in Pirate Net's storeroom, so he can spend some time with Sunny alone. Sunny and Robin go to Pirate Net to see if Zeke is there and Robin pretends to	to	PART	find	VERB	 find
Through education provided by high quality Catholic and Protestant schools, these youth are much more likely to convert to Christianity. In the 21st century the conceptual differences of " totok " and " peranakan " Chinese are slowly becoming outdated as some families show a mixture of characteristics	characteristics	NOUN	from	ADP	 from
Polonium X rays emitted as a result of the electron capture branch, in the range of 77 – 92 keV, enable the tracking of astatine in animals and patients. The principal medicinal difference between astatine 211 and iodine 131 (a radioactive iodine isotope also used in	in	ADP	medicine	NOUN	 medicine
As Kehoe left his burning farm and house in his Ford truck, he stopped to tell those fighting the fire, " Boys, you're my friends. You better get out of here. You better head down to the school ", and drove off.	.	PUNCT	Classes	NOUN	 Classes
Reviewers of The Games Machine pointed out that the " most remarkable feature of the ST version is its crystal clear sampled effects ". Zzap! 64's staff and Computer and Video Games's Julian Rignall were impressed with the digital thuds and whacks produced on the Commodore	Commodore	PROPN	64	NUM	 64
The lesser kudu is a spiral horned antelope. The head and body length is typically between 110 and 140 cm (43 and 55 in). Males reach about 95 – 105 cm (37 – 41 in) at the shoulder, while females reach 90 –	–	PUNCT	100	NUM	 100
Company director José María González said that the company had received no such calls, and thought that callers might have dialed the 911 emergency number instead. Prosecutor Camporini reported at the trial that the building had experienced several gas leaks before the explosion. The provincial judiciary launched	launched	VERB	an	DET	 an
The U.S. Third Fleet raided the South China Sea between 10 and 20 January in search of the Japanese fleet, but did not locate Ise or Hyūga. In early February 1945, Ise, Hyūga and an escort of smaller warships received orders to sail to Japan in	in	ADP	what	PRON	 what
" For a complete list, see Stargate production discography The following singles peaked inside the top ten on the Billboard Hot 100 and / or the UK Singles Chart. 1999: " S Club Party " (S Club 7) 1999: " Always Come Back to	to	ADP	Your	PRON	 Your
The building also hosted the 2009 University Athletic Association Women's Volleyball Championship. The Myers McLoraine Swimming Pool was the site of the 2005 University Athletic Association Swimming and Diving Championship. It also hosted swimming at the 2006 Gay Games. The center is available to University and	and	CCONJ	hospital	NOUN	 hospital
Davis had offered to nominate Eichelberger for a place at the Command and General Staff College at Fort Leavenworth. Eichelberger joined 247 other officers there in July 1924. Since the students were seated alphabetically, he sat next to the officer who topped the class, Major Dwight	Dwight	PROPN	D.	PROPN	 D.
President Abraham Lincoln signed the Compensated Emancipation Act in 1862, which ended slavery in the District of Columbia and freed about 3,100 enslaved persons, nine months prior to the Emancipation Proclamation. In 1868, Congress granted the District's African American male residents the right to vote	vote	VERB	in	ADP	 in
The collection by whalers came to a halt eventually through a combination of the scarcity of tortoises that they had created and the competition from crude oil as a cheaper energy source. Population decline accelerated with the early settlement of the islands in the early 19th century, leading	leading	VERB	to	ADP	 to
The Chicago Tribune editorialized calling Stone " silly " and the guardrail a " senseless idea... just an insipid ploy by a useless alderman who has too much time on his hands and too much of the taxpayers ' money at his disposal ". On May 28,	,	PUNCT	1993	NUM	 1993
In September 2012 it was announced that Daniel Craig had signed to the role of Bond for the following two films, the first of which was Spectre, funded by MGM and Sony. In March 2013 Mendes announced he would not return to direct the next film in	in	ADP	the	DET	 the
No details of the original roof construction are known, however, and the restoration is conjectural. Large windows light the hall, and stairs lead down to the three cellars on ground level. The hall is accessed from the courtyard via a stair up to a triangular	triangular	NOUN	lobby	NOUN	 lobby
Sediments of certain abyssal plains contain abundant mineral resources, notably polymetallic nodules. These potato sized concretions of manganese, iron, nickel, cobalt, and copper, distributed on the seafloor at depths of greater than 4000 meters, are of significant commercial interest. The area	area	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
Tarantara! It is not surprising, given the focus of Gilbert on politics, that politicians and political observers have often found inspiration in these works. Chief Justice of the United States William Rehnquist added gold stripes to his judicial robes after seeing them used by the Lord	Lord	PROPN	Chancellor	PROPN	 Chancellor
The U boat returned to action in June and patrolled off Montenegro, Durazzo, and Cattaro for the next five months. On 13 June, U 43 was slightly damaged in an air raid on Cattaro and, on 5 September, had to crash dive to avoid	avoid	VERB	another	DET	 another
In a 1996 interview, Fanning described Parables for Wooden Ears as " big and presumptuous ", and stated that it had " a pretty massive sort of sound ". He said that the band somewhat regretted this, and did not intend to do so again on	on	ADP	future	ADJ	 future
Amara was the first named storm in the southwest Indian Ocean during the later half of 2013, and developed from a disturbance within the monsoon trough on December 14. The following day, the system attained tropical depression status. Despite its ill defined organization, the depression	depression	NOUN	was	AUX	 was
In the course of his study of Shakespeare, Hazlitt, as Kinnaird points out, also shows how it is Shakespeare's " art " that enables him to represent " nature ", dismissing the older critical view that Shakespeare was a " child of nature " but	but	CCONJ	deficient	ADJ	 deficient
The origins of both the US 40 and US 6 pre date the U.S. System of numbered highways, using established transcontinental trails. Before the formation of the United States Numbered Highways, the U.S. relied on an informal network of roads, organized by various competing interests,	,	PUNCT	collectively	ADV	 collectively
After capturing the radar and other installations, the assault group dismantled the equipment then withdrew towards the beach. They were intercepted en route by the cliff machine guns which had not yet been cleared and suffered some casualties. When the delayed first group arrived, they managed	managed	VERB	to	PART	 to
Despite being acquitted, all were permanently banned from Major League Baseball. Baseball's popularity increased in the 1920s and 1930s. The 1920 season was notable for the death of Ray Chapman of the Cleveland Indians. Chapman, who was struck in the head by a pitch	pitch	NOUN	and	CCONJ	 and
It was not until De Gendt's Vacansoleil – DCM team mate Gustav Larsson – the Swedish national champion in the discipline – that his time was beaten; Larsson, although six seconds slower than De Gendt to the intermediate checkpoint, put in a better second element to	to	ADP	the	DET	 the
The partnership was the highest ever in Test cricket at the time and as of 2009 is still the highest fourth wicket partnership for Australia. Wisden said of Ponsford's innings "... he hit the ball hard and placed it well when scoring in front of the wicket	wicket	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
By the end of 1872, the maps had established the format it would use until the introduction of frontal analysis. By the 20th century, most of the weather related functions under the U. S. Signal Corps branched off into a new civilian agency known as the U.	U.	PROPN	S.	PROPN	 S.
Seropian partnered with his Artificial Intelligence classmate Jason Jones to publish Jones's nearly complete Minotaur: The Labyrinths of Crete; while the game sold only around 2,500 copies — it required a then rare modem for network play — it developed a devoted following. After publishing Minotaur	Minotaur	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
McCord would later be directly employed by CRP from January 1972. Caulfield also sent Ulasewicz to the campaign offices of Paul McCloskey in New Hampshire. McCloskey was a Republican senator for California, who was running for the party's presidential nomination against Nixon on a platform opposing	opposing	VERB	the	DET	 the
The hind wings are longer than the elytra, folded longitudinally and transversely under the elytra. The wing is rotated forwards on its base into flight position. This action spread the wing and unfolded longitudinally and transversely. There is the spring mechanism in the wing structure,	,	PUNCT	sometimes	ADV	 sometimes
Olsen also said the film failed to provide the " giddiness ", " teenage lust ", and " rambunctiousness " that made the previous Friday the 13th films work. Wesley Morris said Friday the 13th did have humor; he said the characters continually act the clichéd	clichéd	PROPN	role	NOUN	 role
Consecutive hours of rainfall resulted in the overflow of some rivers, although no significant damage was reported to adjacent areas. Offshore, squalls generated rough waves that briefly affected boating operations and oceanside homes. To the east of Santo Domingo, two men drowned after getting caught	caught	VERB	in	ADP	 in
Burns was incredulous that Emma and Carl had not yet consummated their four month old marriage, and criticized their going to a substitute teacher for relationship advice, something that Benigno also found stupid. Slezak and VanDerWerff disliked the episode's portrayal of Emma, since the recently	recently	ADV	seen	VERB	 seen
In November 1987, during the same expedition that resulted in the formal description of the species, two males and two females were caught and measured. Five others were also caught, but were released because they were juvenile males. In July 1988, a golden crowned	crowned	VERB	sifaka	NOUN	 sifaka
When Terl returns, he orders more gold to be extracted, and tells how in the 21st century the Psychlos conquered Earth in a matter of minutes. Jonnie warns Terl that he will be overthrown and the humans will retake Earth, and cites the United States Declaration	Declaration	PROPN	of	ADP	 of
The two teams, then known as Millwall Athletic and Thames Ironworks, both originated in the East End of London, and were located under three miles apart. Their supporters were predominantly dockers at shipyards on either side of the River Thames. Consequently, each set of	of	ADP	fans	NOUN	 fans
There has been some confusion over the colouration of the broad billed parrot. The report of van Neck's 1598 voyage, published in 1601, contained the first illustration of the parrot, with a caption stating that the bird had " two or three colours ".	.	PUNCT	The	DET	 The
Supported by UN troops, Léopoldville defeated the secessionist movements in Katanga and South Kasai by the start of 1963. With Katanga and South Kasai back under the government's control, a reconciliatory compromise constitution was adopted and the exiled Katangese leader, Moise Tshombe, was recalled	recalled	VERB	to	PART	 to
" But in March 2012 Hawkes was reported as stating that it had suited both him (and indirectly his investors) and the Pentagon to make the story go away because it was an expensive and time consuming distraction, and that, while admitting he had found no	no	DET	conclusive	ADJ	 conclusive
In the aftermath of the hurricane, president George W. Bush declared 13 counties – Bay, Calhoun, Escambia, Franklin, Gulf, Holmes, Jackson, Monroe, Okaloosa, Santa Rosa, Wakulla, Walton and Washington – in Florida as federal disaster areas. Applicants	Applicants	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
Katz concludes that current regulations support targeted killing because existing law does not consider his argument and justifies the tactical elimination of terrorists. Targeted Killings: Law and Morality in an Asymmetrical World was reviewed in the European Journal of International Law by University of Potsdam international and European	European	ADJ	law	NOUN	 law
In January 2012, he released the album Ringo 2012. Later that year, Starr announced that his All Starr Band would tour the Pacific Rim during 2013 with select dates in New Zealand, Australia and Japan; it was his first performance in Japan since 1996,	,	PUNCT	and	CCONJ	 and
The plates would naturally sag to the sides of the Stegosaurus, the length of the plates reflecting the width of the animal at that point along its spine. His reasoning for these plates to be covered in horn is that the surface fossilized plates have a resemblance to	to	ADP	the	DET	 the
The thing was, we owed the record company an album and they were pushing us, so here it is. On February 25, 1970, Michael Jeffery delivered the master tapes for Band of Gypsys to Capitol Records executives in Los Angeles. Capitol rush released the	the	DET	album	NOUN	 album
The programme was criticised because it was filmed on an artificial landfill and for its choice of " fame hungry " contestants. Dumped, which was filmed in June 2006, was initially scheduled for Channel 4's Spring 2007 line up. However, this did not occur	occur	VERB	and	CCONJ	 and
At various times from its construction around 1825 until 1911, the Wirgman Building served as the location for every subsequent bank established in Romney since the Bank of the Valley of Virginia. In its final years, the Wirgman Building housed office and mercantile spaces on its first	first	ADJ	floor	NOUN	 floor
They were suspicious of the intentions of Saavedra, and believed that with Castelli alone in the Junta, little or nothing could be achieved. Castelli and Saavedra resigned that same day to put pressure on Cisneros and force him to resign, and the Junta never came into	into	ADP	power	NOUN	 power
The reported stable isothiazole carbene (2) derived from an isothiazolium perchlorate (1) was questioned, who were only able to isolate 2 imino 2H thiete (4). The intermediate 3 was proposed through a rearrangement reaction. This carbene is no longer considered stable	stable	ADJ	.	PUNCT	.
They were: to operate and maintain an air transportation system, to provide different types of services (such as aerial surveying, forest fire fighting, and agricultural spraying) and to promote educational, recreational, athletic and other such activities for the public. Aeroflot,	,	PUNCT	which	PRON	 which
The Price family buried Nellie Price Kehoe in Lansing's Mount Hope Cemetery under her maiden name. Vehicles from outlying areas and surrounding states descended upon Bath by the thousands. Over 100,000 vehicles passed through on Saturday alone, an enormous amount of traffic for the area.	.	PUNCT	Some	DET	 Some
Unlike most F Zero games, there are three iterations of Mute City that shows it in either a day, evening, or night setting. In BS F Zero 2, Mute City IV continued the theme with an early morning setting. F Zero is set in	in	ADP	the	DET	 the
Tali has received a positive critical response. Writing for UGO, Evan Saathoff listed Tali as his fourth best video game companion, comparing her as the " innocent, girl next door experience " to the sexiness of Halo's Cortana. GamesRadar's Carolyn Gudmundson listed Tali	Tali	PROPN	as	ADP	 as
He was married in Kashmir the month prior to the murder and had a son. He was educated at Bretton Woods School, had worked in a factory and later in a takeaway restaurant with Mahrad, whom he had known since childhood. Ali, 25, had	had	AUX	also	ADV	 also
In this action, Sergeant First Class Charles W. Turner of the Reconnaissance Company particularly distinguished himself. He mounted a tank, operated its exposed turret machine gun, and directed tank fire which reportedly destroyed seven North Korean machine guns. Turner and this tank came under heavy	heavy	ADJ	North	ADJ	 North
Homer Davenport's cartoons for the Hearst papers were especially effective in molding public opinion about Hanna, who was often depicted as " Dollar Mark ", in a suit decorated with dollar signs (a term for which " dollar mark " was a common alternative).	.	PUNCT	McKinley	PROPN	 McKinley
On 4 October 2013, Bresciano was suspended for four months and fined €1,377,000 after the manner in which he transferred to Al Gharafa from Al Nasr, putting serious doubt into his chances for a third World Cup. On the 8 January, Bresciano was cleared to	to	PART	play	VERB	 play
However, writing in 2011, Moshenska and Schadla Hall asserted that Wheeler's reputation has not undergone significant revision among archaeologists, but that instead he had come to be remembered as " a cartoonish and slightly eccentric figure " whom they termed " Naughty Morty ". Carr	Carr	PROPN	described	VERB	 described
According to Steven E. Owlett, environmental lawyer and author, shipbuilders considered pine from Pine Creek the " best timber in the world for making fine ship masts ", so it was the first lumber to be harvested on a large scale. Pine Creek was declared a	a	DET	public	ADJ	 public
Keeping Rogers as Amanda was not a problem, since she was not an actress that the companies fought over, but holding on to John Verbruggen and Colley Cibber posed challenges, to which Rich rose with energetic campaigns of bribery and re seduction. Filling the rest of	of	ADP	the	DET	 the
Commenting at the release of the second season, Cynthia Fuchs from PopMatters said the first season of Dark Angel was one of the " few straight up successes, a ratings hit among the coveted ' youth ' demographic ". She praised the series but clarified " I	I	PRON	'm	AUX	'm
Some German troops on the ridge were convinced of the mine danger and their morale was depressed further by the statement of a prisoner taken on 6 June, that the attack would be synchronised with mine explosions. On 1 June, the British bombardment became more intense and	and	CCONJ	nearly	ADV	 nearly
Despite Stevens's protests, the lame duck Buchanan administration did little in response to the secession votes, allowing most federal resources in the South to fall into rebel hands. Many, even in the abolition movement, were content to let it be so, and to	to	PART	let	VERB	 let
As technology improved, measurement of depth, latitude and longitude became more precise and it became possible to collect more or less continuous sets of data points. This allowed researchers to draw accurate and detailed maps of large areas of the ocean floor. Use of a continuously	continuously	ADV	recording	VERB	 recording
The government of President Tsirananana fell into disfavor and was overturned in 1972, and Rakoto Frah's close association with the unpopular former head of state led the artist to be marginalized for the first half of the administration of his successor, Didier Ratsiraka (1975 – 1993	1993	NUM	)	PUNCT	)
Knights of the Nine's quest begins as the player approaches the Chapel of Dibella in Anvil. The Chapel was recently abused; everyone there has been killed in a dark ritual. The player proceeds to consult a prophet near the scene of the attack, who is	is	AUX	preaching	VERB	 preaching
" Coincidence or not ", wrote the Evening Post, " when Friday left, so did half a dozen managers and scouts ". Friday was so angry at his team's performance that he broke into the Mansfield dressing room and defecated in the team bath.	.	PUNCT	Reading	PROPN	 Reading
He eventually relented, and Moore sailed from Scapa Flow on 21 April to attack Kaafjord again. This raid, designated Operation Planet, was called off on 24 April due to bad weather over the target area. Two other attacks, Operation Brawn and Operation Tiger Claw	Claw	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
After a one and half month prolonged stay at the hospital, Poonam and Prem are traditionally married and go home to their new life. Shahid Kapoor as Prem Amrita Rao as Poonam Anupam Kher as Harischandra Alok Nath as Krishnakant a.k.a. Uncle Seema Biswas as Rama a.k.a	a.k.a	ADJ	.	PUNCT	.
Wang " was fighting for survival ", while Li had to capture Luoyang to " cement his hold over Henan ". More importantly, however, " the victor would be left in possession of the most populous region of the Sui empire and could expect to receive	receive	VERB	the	DET	 the
Denmark: Public service channel DR3 and Kanal 5 air 30 Rock. France: Canal +, Direct Star and Comédie + aired 30 Rock. Germany: ZDFneo, a new digital channel from ZDF, was launched on November 1, 2009, with the German dubbed	dubbed	VERB	version	NOUN	 version
Montgomery commented on how simple the song's video was but noted that wasn't a negative, he commented, " like pretty much everything 3OH! 3 do, there's an undeniable charm to both the song and the video. Perhaps it's the power tool	tool	NOUN	chorus	NOUN	 chorus
Drawing on US wartime records, an expedition to the South China Sea in 1982 produced some results, but the wreckage discovered could not be clearly identified. A second expedition returned to the site two years later, and the team's photographic and video records were later	later	ADV	confirmed	VERB	 confirmed
While studies show there is a modest epidemiological benefit to circumcision, critics argue that the number of circumcisions that would have be performed would yield an overall negative public health outcome due to the resulting number of complications or other negative effects (such as pain). Pinto	Pinto	PROPN	(	PUNCT	 (
After the flames were extinguished, the Shanghai Municipal Government held a press conference about the damage caused by the fire. Liu Jinguo, Vice Minister of Public Security, described the firefighting as " a successful model ", leading to a dispute by Chinese netizens. Later	Later	ADV	in	ADP	 in
Shuichi's older sister Maho becomes a model and eventually becomes friends with Maiko, a teen model whom she idolizes, and two other teen models: Tamaki Satō and Anna Suehiro. Maho gets a boyfriend, Riku Seya, and Shuichi confesses a crush on Yoshino,	,	PUNCT	but	CCONJ	 but
In 2009, NASA engineered a new treadmill for the International Space Station. It was brought to the ISS by the Space Shuttle Discovery during the STS 128 mission in August 2009. The complex machine is now used eight hours daily by astronauts and cosmonauts aboard the space	space	NOUN	station	NOUN	 station
The Prana (breath, vital air) of the body is dispersed within and outside the body. The first aim of yoga is to become aware and control this vital air, to be equal to or lower than the inner fire within one's body. This	This	DET	inner	ADJ	 inner
Although still open these schools have since changed their names to Altrincham Grammar School for Girls, Altrincham Grammar School for Boys, and Loreto Grammar School. Altrincham received evacuees during the Second World War, and it was in this period that St. Ambrose College was founded.	.	PUNCT	Altrincham	PROPN	 Altrincham
This was followed on April 4, 1968, by Apollo 6 (AS 502) which carried a CSM and a LM Test Article as ballast. The intent of this mission was to achieve trans lunar injection, followed closely by a simulated direct return abort, using	using	VERB	the	DET	 the
A powerful middle order batsman and right arm leg spin bowler, White made his first class cricket debut as a teenager in the 2000 – 01 season for the Victorian Bushrangers as a bowling all rounder. Early comparisons with Victoria team mate Shane Warne faded as White took	took	VERB	on	ADP	 on
The colour of Seychellum is described as " jaune noirâtre, qui devient franchement marron dans la moitié antérieure de la carapace " (" dark yellow, which becomes quite brown in the anterior part of the carapace "). The antennae are minute (smaller than those	those	PRON	of	ADP	 of
In the final nine games, he had seven sacks, the sixth most in that stretch. Young, who also switched from DE to OLB, recorded a sack in five consecutive games (weeks eleven to fifteen), the third player in franchise history to do	do	VERB	so	ADV	 so
She pulled further ahead of runners ups Beyonce and Rihanna, who had 22 number one songs each at that time. Along with the Dance Club Songs record, " Ghosttown " debuted at number 38 on the Adult Pop Songs chart, becoming the singer's 19th entry	entry	NOUN	on	ADP	 on
" Phipps, who gave the episode a B + grade, said the " rundown " subplot between Jim and Charles was a bit strained by the end. Steven Mullen of The Tuscaloosa News called the episode " stellar " and particularly praised the comedic chemistry between Andy	Andy	PROPN	and	CCONJ	 and
The series explores many science fiction staples such as time travel paradoxes (including the grandfather paradox), the question of determinism and free will (on several episodes), the pursuit of happiness in virtual reality and, crucially to the show's premise of Lister being	being	AUX	the	DET	 the
The game is a retelling of the storyline of the events leading up to Mortal Kombat II, and features the two Shaolin monks traveling to Outworld to find and defeat Shang Tsung, later ending in a fight with Shao Kahn and rescuing Kitana along the way. He	He	PRON	is	AUX	 is
Tom Congdon, however, sensed that the novel had prospects and had it sent out to The Book of the Month Club and paperback houses. The Book of the Month Club made it an " A book ", qualifying it for its main selection, then Reader	Reader	PROPN	's	PART	's
In general, it's very difficult to solve the Hartree – Fock equation. Only the free electron gas case can be solved exactly. Finally in 1964 – 65, Walter Kohn, Pierre Hohenberg and Lu Jeu Sham proposed the density functional theory which gave realistic descriptions	descriptions	NOUN	for	ADP	 for
John's son, Charles Manning, took over the house in 1834 and continued to develop it. Among the Mannings ' work was the conversion of an older house alongside the main castle, which had once housed the master gunner, into a grander property, known	known	VERB	today	NOUN	 today
Training Check Airman Captain Dennis E. Fitch, 46, was hired by United Airlines on January 2, 1968. He estimated that prior to his employment with United he had accrued between 1,400 and 1,500 hours of flight time with the Air National Guard. His total DC	DC	PROPN	10	NUM	 10
" Rain " was released as the fifth single from Erotica on August 5, 1993. The song served as the album's fourth single in the United States and Canada since the previous single, " Fever ", was not commercially released there. The single release	release	NOUN	featured	VERB	 featured
Grundy's biographer, John Roderick Heller, admits that this was possible, although no evidence exists to confirm it. Heller also points out that Grundy was Commonwealth's Attorney not in Nelson County (the location of Bardstown), but in neighboring Washington County at the	the	DET	time	NOUN	 time
Regarded by his peers as ambitious, vain and impulsive, he was known mainly for heavily drinking in Saigon's nightclubs, and the Central Intelligence Agency labelled him a " basic opportunist ". He was known for always wearing a paratrooper's uniform with a red beret	beret	NOUN	at	ADP	 at
Also on Trinidad, the system produced widespread flooding, which resulted in some crop damage. Puerto Rico experienced peripheral rainfall from the cyclone as it tracked through the eastern Caribbean Sea. A two day storm total of 4.69 inches (119 mm) occurred in Sabana Grande	Grande	PROPN	.	PUNCT	.
To Whedon the miniseries was " a project of love ", an accomplishment that from their excitement would be embellished with passion and " ridiculousness ". His half brothers Zack and Jed and sister in law Maurissa Tancharoen share the other writing credits. Whedon said it was	was	AUX	a	DET	 a
Most scholars believe Cave 4 was created in the mid 7th century, but some place its creation in the 8th century. Cave 5 is an as yet undated, natural cave of small dimensions that is approached by crawling due to its narrow opening. Inside, there	there	PRON	is	VERB	 is
The face of French far right politician Marine Le Pen appeared on the screen with a swastika superimposed on her forehead, before it morphed into the face of Adolf Hitler. Le Pen was infuriated by the video, and threatened to sue Madonna should this happen during her	her	PRON	concert	NOUN	 concert
That evening, as Charlotte tests Daniel's memory using playing cards (Daniel successfully remembers two out of three cards, and Charlotte remarks that this is " progress "), Jack and Juliet ask if there is another phone number they could try. Charlotte dials an	an	DET	emergency	NOUN	 emergency
Coast Guard Lt. Commander Jay Crowe, an exchange pilot on assignment to the 37th ARRS at Da Nang, was piloting Jolly Green 65. The helicopter broke through the clouds and rapidly dropped into the area where Hambleton was hidden. The aircraft was immediately struck by	by	ADP	a	DET	 a
Further northeast, Caroline intersects Simonton Street to a less commercial degree than Duval. Another block of shaded residences follows before an intersection with Elizabeth Street about midway between Caroline's termini. Elizabeth serves as a sort of transition point for Caroline, which becomes lined with small	small	ADJ	shops	NOUN	 shops
Later, en route to the monolith, Floyd engages in trite exchanges with his staff while a spectacular journey by Earth light across the Lunar surface is shown. Hal is the only character who expresses anxiety, as well as feelings of pride and bewilderment. According to	to	ADP	biographer	NOUN	 biographer
Jenkins draws McKay's attention to a vital energy line on the ship, and realizing that the destruction of the Flood is more important than Silva's promotion, cuts the cable, sending the Truth and Reconciliation crashing into Halo, killing all aboard. At the Autumn	Autumn	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
Chew Magna is the business centre with a range of shops, banks etc. Other villages have local shops, often combined with post offices. Most villages have pubs and village halls which provide the majority of the social activity. The traditional building material is white Lias	Lias	PROPN	Limestone	PROPN	 Limestone
Then New South Wales Premier Morris Iemma said that while he was a fan of the show, those involved would have to face the full force of the law. The then Federal Opposition Leader Kevin Rudd, also from the Labor Party, voiced similar concerns, saying	saying	VERB	that	SCONJ	 that
A total of 3,321 people were injured, 185 of them seriously. By the day after Rananim moved ashore, the death toll was estimated at 29, although by the next day the total reached 115. Four days after landfall, there were 147 known deaths,	,	PUNCT	which	PRON	 which
The National Science Foundation awarded the Florida State University the right in 1990 to host the new National High Magnetic Field Laboratory rather than improve the existing Francis Bitter Magnet Laboratory controlled by the Massachusetts Institute of Technology (MIT) together with a consortium of other universities. The	The	DET	award	NOUN	 award
The Women's Boat Race is a side by side rowing competition between eights from Oxford University Women's Boat Club and the Cambridge University Women's Boat Club that has taken place since 1927. Oxford went into the race as champions, having won the previous year's	's	PART	race	NOUN	 race
The head of the CDICMC is customarily also deputy chief of the General Political Department, and (since the 16th Party Congress in 2002) a concurrent Deputy Secretary of the Central Commission for Discipline Inspection. Occasionally, the CCDI has directly intervened in cases involving high ranking	ranking	VERB	officers	NOUN	 officers
As Azim ush Shan's entire army charged Khan, he fled the battle. Khan was followed by Jai Singh Kchwa, who fled from Bidar Bakht's left wing. Even after the death of most of his commanders and soldiers and his two sons, Bidar Bakht	Bakht	PROPN	and	CCONJ	 and
" Finally, the Chief Justice distinguished this case from Dames & Moore. The actions of the president that Dames & Moore upheld did not dictate the outcome of the case, but merely specified that the claims be handled by a different tribunal. The court's decision	decision	NOUN	in	ADP	 in
Rumour linked him with a drive at Lotus, the team run by Colin Chapman, who had been keeping an eye on Pryce's progress throughout 1973 and 1974. At the time, Lotus was experiencing financial difficulties and reports suggested that Shadow and Lotus would swap Pryce	Pryce	PROPN	and	CCONJ	 and
The Kih Oskh symbol was described by Hergé as a distortion of the Taoist symbol of the Taijitu, with biographer Benoît Peeters thinking that it foreshadowed the " Yellow Mark " that featured in the Blake and Mortimer comic The Yellow " M " (1952 – 54)	)	PUNCT	authored	VERB	 authored
Pork fat was used more often in the southern colonies than the northern colonies as the Spanish introduced pigs earlier to the south. Many homes kept a deerskin sack filled with bear oil for use in cooking. Solidified bear fat resembled shortening. The colonists enjoyed butter in	in	ADP	cooking	NOUN	 cooking
For a down payment of $2,000 and a mortgage of $8,763, the church purchased land in Falmouth Street, Boston, for the erection of a building. Eddy asked Augusta Stetson, a prominent Scientist, to establish a church in New York. By the	the	DET	end	NOUN	 end
In September 1774, by Pitt's India Act, passed by the Parliament of Great Britain to unify and regulate the administration of the territories of the East India Company, the President of Madras was made subordinate to the Governor General of India based in Calcutta. In	In	ADP	September	PROPN	 September
The full Italian name of the breed is Cavallo Agricolo Italiano da Tiro Pesante Rapido, " Italian Rapid Heavy Draft Farm Horse ", and the abbreviation TPR (Italian pronunciation: [tipiˈerre])) is often used. Generally chestnut in color, the breed is	is	AUX	known	VERB	 known
" Entertainment Weekly's Beth Johnson noted the singer " sounds remarkably like the Backstreet Boys ' kid sister ", saying, however, that this was " not surprising, since BSB hit meister Max Martin wrote the candy pop with a funky edge smash debut. "	"	PUNCT	Robert	PROPN	 Robert
American ichthyologist David Starr Jordan described the goblin shark in an 1898 issue of Proceedings of the California Academy of Sciences, recognizing the peculiar fish not only as a new species, but also a new genus and family. He based his account on an immature male 107	107	NUM	cm	NOUN	 cm
" Don S. Davis (General Hammond) noted during the filming of season 6 that " Corin is a wonderful [and well liked] young man with a tremendous personality and he's had a great deal of experience in the business ", agreeing with writer Robert	Robert	PROPN	C.	PROPN	 C.
In November 2014, the sequel was given the green light by 20th Century Fox, with a release date of June 24, 2016. This would be a stand alone sequel, that would not split into two parts as originally planned, with filming beginning in May	May	PROPN	2015	NUM	 2015
Producer Steven Spielberg had initially developed the film for TriStar Pictures with directors Mikael Salomon and Robert Rodriguez, before Campbell signed on in 1996. Salomon cast Sean Connery as Don Diego de la Vega, while Rodriguez brought Banderas in the lead role. Connery dropped out and	and	CCONJ	was	AUX	 was
Arabs not believing in the event of Shoah intend to express strong objection to the portrayal of the Jews as the ultimate victim and to the underrating of the Palestinians as a victim. They deny Israel's right to exist as a Jewish state that the Shoah gives legitimacy	legitimacy	NOUN	to	ADP	 to
This caused a rift between Cope, Hayden, and Leidy. It was Leidy who had enjoyed receiving many of the fossils from Hayden's collection until Cope joined the survey, and now Cope was hunting for fossils in Leidy's staked territory — at the same time	time	NOUN	Leidy	PROPN	 Leidy
Phillipps married Ellen Robinson, daughter of Western Australia's Attorney General, at St Mary Abbots in Kensington, London, on 8 September 1917. Rejoining No. 2 Squadron within the month as a flight commander, he was initially engaged mainly in low level strafing and	and	CCONJ	bombing	VERB	 bombing
Synthetic forms of tomato systemin, with substituted amino acids at the predicted dibasic cleavage site, remained stable in cell cultures for longer than the native form. Later studies have noted that the enzymes responsible for processing ProSys remain unidentified. No further research has been reported on	on	ADP	the	DET	 the
This was the way I wanted to make ' Who's That Chick? ' available to the world, and I can't wait to see how my fans get engaged in this innovative experience. " In an interview for Just Jared, Rihanna explained how the bright	bright	ADJ	and	CCONJ	 and
He was to serve as the running backs coach for the team in the league that planned to begin play in April 2008. However, the league never materialized. Wheatley interned as an NFL Minority coaching fellow with the Pittsburgh Steelers during the summer of 2008 training camp	camp	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
They were of 933 67 ⁄ 94 tons (bm). Emerald's initial build was completed at Thomas Pitcher's dockyard in Northfleet at a cost of £14,419 and she was launched on 31 July 1795, twenty seven days after Amazon. After launching, Emerald	Emerald	PROPN	was	AUX	 was
The family left Saint John to return to London in December 1791. In July 1792, Arnold fought a bloodless duel with the Earl of Lauderdale after the Earl impugned his honor in the House of Lords. With the outbreak of the French Revolution, Arnold outfitted a	a	DET	privateer	NOUN	 privateer
The AGS's barrels will be water cooled, and will be capable of firing 10 rounds per minute, per gun. The combined firepower from both turrets will give Zumwalt class destroyers the firepower equivalent to 18 conventional M 198 howitzers. The reason for the re integration	integration	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
He proposed that everyone be given the opportunity to prepare and distribute papers to all participants in advance of the conference. And instead of listening to speeches, conference attendees took part in extended, non hierarchical conversations about the conference papers. The conference proceedings were the result	result	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
He insisted that these must be overcome, writing that " The Will must be freed of its fetters. The ruthless examination and destruction of taboos, complexes, frustrations, dislikes, fears and disgusts hostile to the Will is essential to progress. " Though Parsons was	was	AUX	a	DET	 a
More recent studies have shown that these extinct species had a diet similar to that of modern ruffed lemurs, and that they were also arboreal in nature. Enough differences were demonstrated to merit a separate genus, Pachylemur. These close relatives of ruffed lemurs are now named	named	VERB	Pachylemur	ADJ	 Pachylemur
T.I. has one verse in the song, that is found after Carey's second chorus, prior to the song's bridge. On July 11, 2008, it was announced that the song would be featured in a remix contest, set to begin on July 15	15	NUM	,	PUNCT	,
Other critics claim Finkelstein's evidence is highly selective and / or dubious and that his arguments would be based on a misinterpretation of history and a questionable use of sources. The historian David Cesarani wrote that while Finkelstein absolves Swiss banks of serious misconduct towards Holocaust survivors and	and	CCONJ	depicts	VERB	 depicts
It was implemented as a Google Summer of Code 2009 project. DragonFly BSD supports Amiga style resident applications feature: it takes a snapshot of a large, dynamically linked program's virtual memory space after loading, allowing future instances of the program to start much more quickly	quickly	ADV	than	SCONJ	 than
At the scene of Hoese's disappearance, Scully finds three bullet casings, indicating that the deputy fired his weapon before vanishing. The agents later speak with Hoese's wife and are surprised when she is revealed to be Theresa Nemman, one of the other 1993 abductees	abductees	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
The motorway spans 97.0 kilometres (60.3 mi) between the Goričan border crossing to Hungary and Zagreb – Ivanja Reka interchange on the A3 motorway. Among other cities and towns, it connects to Čakovec via the D20, Ludbreg and Koprivnica via the D530 and D2,	,	PUNCT	Varaždin	PROPN	 Varaždin
The berries are green when young, and mature to a purple black colour over about 18 months in most species, including J. communis (shorter, 8 – 10 months in a few species, and about 24 months in J. drupacea). The mature, dark	dark	ADJ	berries	NOUN	 berries
As in other Sahelian countries, literature in Chad has seen an economic, political and spiritual drought that has affected its best known writers. Chadian authors have been forced to write from exile or expatriate status and have generated literature dominated by themes of political oppression and historical	historical	ADJ	discourse	NOUN	 discourse
Paul made landfall over Baja California Sur on September 29, and subsequently moved ashore in Sinaloa, Mexico the next day. Prior to making landfall near the El Salvador – Guatemala border as a tropical depression, the precursor disturbance dropped heavy rainfall over Nicaragua, which later	later	ADV	spread	VERB	 spread
Tickets for the festival sold out. The full line up was released on 25 May 2009 and included headliners Blur, Bruce Springsteen and Neil Young on the Pyramid stage. The Other stage was headlined by The Prodigy, Bloc Party and Franz Ferdinand. Other notable performers	performers	NOUN	included	VERB	 included
The construction workers poured concrete over the corpse, unwittingly destroying the evidence. When Monk and Sharona's flight lands at Newark Liberty International Airport, Monk stalls Stefan's connecting flight to Paris by wittingly saying that the captain of the Paris flight is drunk. This allows	allows	VERB	Disher	PROPN	 Disher
Cloud Gate is described as a transformative, iconic work. It is similar to many of Kapoor's previous works in the themes and issues it addresses. While the sculpture's mirror effects are reminiscent of fun house fairground mirrors, they also have a more serious intent	intent	NOUN	;	PUNCT	;
British actress Diana Dors had a mink bikini made for her during the 1955 Venice Film Festival and wore it riding in a gondola down Venice's Grand Canal past St. Mark's Square. In Spain, Benidorm played a similar role as Cannes. Shortly after the bikini	bikini	NOUN	was	AUX	 was
The task was completed by a number of Waterway Recovery Group workcamps. New gates were fitted to the top three locks, and rebuilding of Casthorpe bridge was funded by Lincolnshire County Council, opening up 4.4 miles (7.1 km) of the canal for navigation. Further	Further	ADV	down	ADP	 down
Wenatchee Avenue crosses the Wenatchee River into Sunnyslope and becomes a freeway, intersecting Penny Road and Easy Street in an incomplete diamond interchange before ending at an interchange with US 2 and US 97. The Senator George Sellar Bridge is the busiest section of SR 285, being	being	AUX	used	VERB	 used
Most of what happens in Perl's compile phase is compilation, and most of what happens in Perl's run phase is execution, but there are significant exceptions. Perl makes important use of its capability to execute Perl code during the compile phase. Perl will also	also	ADV	delay	VERB	 delay
Another decree addressed to Senedjemib Inti and later inscribed on the walls of his mastaba records the decoration of a chapel of Hathor in the palace of the king. This chapel was most likely built during his reign. Djedkare may have left some of his monuments unfinished at	at	ADP	his	PRON	 his
The project involves 13 architectural firms and the environmental organization Global Green USA, with several of the firms donating their services. Pitt and philanthropist Steve Bing have each committed $5 million in donations. The first six homes were completed in October 2008, and in September	September	PROPN	2009	NUM	 2009
The first race in 1973 was 3 miles long and was expanded to 3.14 miles after 1975 — hence the Pi Mile. In 2002, the race distance was slightly shortened to 5 kilometers, intendedly to attract more runners. Another race tradition is the Ghost Run,	,	PUNCT	where	SCONJ	 where
The race was umpired by Joseph William Chitty who had rowed for Oxford twice in 1849 (in the March and December races) and the 1852 race. The Cambridge crew weighed an average of 11 st 4.875 lb (71.9 kg), 0.875 pounds (0.4 kg	kg	NOUN	)	PUNCT	)
" While not commercially released, " Underneath the Stars " has been lauded with a widespread acclaim, becoming one of the album's best received tracks, with music critics complimenting its instrumentation and vocals. Rolling Stone stated that, " Afanasieff cowrote his one of strongest	strongest	ADJ	tunes	NOUN	 tunes
Upon reuniting the team began competing in matching shorts and vests as well as wearing theatrical masks to the ring. Subsequently, they were quickly elevated into the WWE Tag Team Championship picture, receiving a non title match against WWE Tag Team Champions MNM (Johnny Nitro and	and	CCONJ	Joey	PROPN	 Joey
Despite the creation of the new archdiocese, Jaenberht retained his position as the senior cleric in the land, with Hygeberht conceding his precedence. When Jaenberht died in 792, he was replaced by Æthelheard, who was consecrated by Hygeberht, now senior in his turn.	.	PUNCT	Subsequently	ADV	 Subsequently
The Khitan script, from the Chinese family of scripts, formed the basis of a national writing system for the empire, the Jurchen script. All three scripts were working languages of the government. Jurchen clans adopted Chinese personal names with their Jurchen names. Wanyan Liang	Liang	PROPN	(	PUNCT	 (
Detailed structural analysis of the ROSE RNA thermometer revealed that the mismatched bases are actually engaged in nonstandard basepairing that preserves the helical structure of the RNA (see figure). The unusual basepairs consist of G G, U U, and UC U pairs. Since these	these	DET	noncanonical	ADJ	 noncanonical
Garfield's Ohio delegation chose Chester A. Arthur, a Stalwart, as Garfield's vice presidential running mate. Arthur won the nomination by capturing 468 votes, and the longest ever Republican National Convention was subsequently adjourned. The Garfield – Arthur Republican ticket later defeated Democrats Winfield	Winfield	PROPN	Scott	PROPN	 Scott
At Carnarvon, it meets with Highway 118. Heading northward into increasingly mountainous terrain, the highway crosses into Muskoka near Dorset, and shortly thereafter reaches its terminus at Highway 60 west of Algonquin Park. Traffic volumes on Highway 35 vary considerably over the length of the	the	DET	highway	NOUN	 highway
The attack, launched at midday in an attempt to surprise the Germans, proved a relative failure; although some ground was taken, the chateau remained in enemy hands. During this action, Private Henry James Nicholas dealt with a machine gun post that was holding up	up	ADP	the	DET	 the
Looking back on it, I might have given Al Capone a few hints. The best he could do was to operate his racket in three districts. I operated on three continents. In November 1934, Butler claimed the existence of a political conspiracy by business leaders	leaders	NOUN	to	PART	 to
" Black Hawk's own account, though he was not present at the battle's second day, termed the incident a massacre. Later histories continued to assail the actions of the whites at Bad Axe. The 1887 Perry A. Armstrong book, The Sauks and the	the	DET	Black	PROPN	 Black
It was released on March 29, 2011 for Microsoft Windows, PlayStation 3, and Xbox 360. The pack introduces a new mission where the player assumes the role of Commander Shepard, an elite human soldier who must stop an imminent invasion of a highly advanced machine	machine	NOUN	race	NOUN	 race
Every year, WSDOT conducts a series of surveys on its highways in the state to measure traffic volume, expressed in terms of AADT. In 2012, WSDOT calculated that the Washington section of US 730 served between 1,500 and 2,400 vehicles per day. The highway that	that	PRON	became	VERB	 became
Several shows were recorded, and they produced some of Hendrix's most memorable live performances. At one of them, the second Atlanta International Pop Festival, on July 4, he played to the largest American audience of his career. According to authors Scott Schinder and	and	CCONJ	Andy	PROPN	 Andy
Coolidge later declared Bloch the winner. Reporters speculated that " Rebecca Clarke " was only a pseudonym for Bloch himself, or at least that it could not have been Clarke who wrote these pieces, as the idea that a woman could write such a work was socially	socially	ADV	inconceivable	ADJ	 inconceivable
By 1910, most glacial acetic acid was obtained from the pyroligneous liquor, a product of the distillation of wood. The acetic acid was isolated by treatment with milk of lime, and the resulting calcium acetate was then acidified with sulfuric acid to recover acetic acid.	.	PUNCT	At	ADP	 At
Their presence, which will not be extended longer than is absolutely necessary, will not be a burden upon you. The operation of the government and institutions will not be impeded. Your lives and livelihoods will not be disturbed. Your person and your property will be	be	AUX	respected	VERB	 respected
They fired 3 inch (76 mm), 12.5 lb projectiles at a muzzle velocity of 2,548 ft / s (777 m / s). Their maximum range and rate of fire is unknown. 200 rounds per gun were carried by each ship. The ships	ships	NOUN	were	AUX	 were
Several days before Isabel made landfall, there existed uncertainty in where the hurricane would strike. At least one computer model predicted a landfall on New Jersey, and as a result services across the state thoroughly prepared for the hurricane. Isabel passed 215 miles (350 km	km	NOUN	)	PUNCT	)
" In the late 1450s, only a few years before he died, he added a provision to the hospital charter stipulating that the Mass for the Dead be offered twice daily. Rolin's wife, Guigone de Salins, played a major role in the foundation,	,	PUNCT	as	SCONJ	 as
When her son died, he was pledging for the fraternity where George is president. Gwen tampered with the staple guns to kill George, not realizing that the pack would be broken up. Ethan and Curtis find out that Jessica had a genetic mutation that caused a	a	DET	blood	NOUN	 blood
However, section 3 of the UK Habeas Corpus Act 1816 broadened the court's power by entitling it to examine the correctness of the facts mentioned in the return. The section stated, in part: Judges to inquire into the Truth of Facts contained in Return.	.	PUNCT	Judge	NOUN	 Judge
According to Beeman, the episode would start very calm and then begin to build upon itself. As he explains: " I began with Lex being blasted by the wind from the helicopter landing as Lionel arrives to shut the plant down. I wanted to set the	the	DET	mood	NOUN	 mood
Yoshida was given the role of screenwriter in order to appeal to the female fanbase the series has always had. It was released in Japan on October 3, 2009, as a result of delays in production. Kadokawa Pictures distributed the film. It was released in	in	ADP	North	PROPN	 North
" An American Daughter became one of Wasserstein's most ambitious works, and also her most political. Mary Romero, Professor of Justice Studies at Arizona State University, discussed the class aspect in a new 2002 edition of her classic work Maid in the U.S.A.. She	She	PRON	saw	VERB	 saw
Examples of his acoustic guitar playing on Beatles tracks include " Yesterday ", " I'm Looking Through You ", " Michelle ", " Blackbird ", " I Will ", " Mother Nature's Son " and " Rocky Raccoon ". McCartney singled out	out	ADP	"	PUNCT	 "
Some of the considered Fatalities were rejected as too extreme at the time. Care was taken during the programming process to give the game a " good feel ", with Boon simulating elements such as gravity into the video game design. John Tobias noted that the previous	previous	ADJ	game	NOUN	 game
The central universities are the University of Hyderabad, Maulana Azad National Urdu University and the English and Foreign Languages University. Osmania University, established in 1918, was the first university in Hyderabad and as of 2012 is India's second most popular institution for international students.	.	PUNCT	The	DET	 The
The rate of fire was one round every five minutes, but the loading machinery would not work if the ship was heeled more than 5°. The four 6 inch (152 mm) Model 1877 35 caliber guns were mounted on pivot mounts in the central casemate	casemate	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
The program was headed by major Félix Verdeja Bardales and led to the development of four prototype vehicles, including a self propelled howitzer armed with a 75 millimeter (3 in) gun. It was designed as an advanced light tank and was one of the first development	development	NOUN	programs	NOUN	 programs
Tension headaches typically occur on both sides, are not pounding, and are less disabling. Those with stable headaches which meet criteria for migraines should not receive neuroimaging to look for other intracranial disease. This requires that other concerning findings such as papilledema (swelling of the	the	DET	optic	ADJ	 optic
" On February 24, 2011, the Senate, which was thought to be the biggest obstacle to passage, approved the bill in a 25 – 21 vote. The House of Delegates proved to be a challenge, where same sex marriage advocates struggled to gain support	support	NOUN	from	ADP	 from
The Daily Mail praised the moral point the film was attempting to raise as well as the acting abilities of Patrick Stewart, giving the movie four stars. The Scottish Daily Record praised F. Murray Abraham and described Anthony Zerbe as " ever dependable ". It said the	the	DET	plot	NOUN	 plot
StarCraft, released for Windows on March 31, 1998, is the first video game in the StarCraft series. A science fiction real time strategy game, StarCraft is set in a distant sector of the Milky Way galaxy. A Mac OS version of the game was	was	AUX	released	VERB	 released
" Although his surgical prowess was not questioned, his approach to practice was considered pretentious by a segment of his professional colleagues in the U.S., and his work was more highly regarded by his contemporaries in Europe than in Chicago. He was an early advocate of intervention	intervention	NOUN	via	ADP	 via
His first work for the BBC in eight years prompted them to approach him with additional concepts for period dramas, which he invariably declined as his sole intent was to revive Doctor Who, which had then been on hiatus for over a decade. In 2002, he	he	PRON	met	VERB	 met
Nixon advocated a " New Federalism ", which would devolve power to state and local elected officials, though Congress was hostile to these ideas and enacted few of them. He eliminated the Cabinet level United States Post Office Department, which in 1971 became the government run	run	VERB	United	PROPN	 United
Skin reactions vary greatly in their clinical presentation and may include bruising, erythema, pain, pruritus, irritation, swelling and in the most extreme cases cutaneous necrosis. They usually appear within the first month of treatment albeit their frequence and importance diminish after six months of	of	ADP	use	NOUN	 use
The chronicle credits Domnall with an oppressive three year reign that ended when the leading Islesmen revolted against him, and drove him from the kingdom back to Ireland. The extent of Domnall's rule in the kingdom is unknown, and it is questionable whether he had any	any	DET	real	ADJ	 real
Attempts have been made to determine a relationship between these orbital distances (for example, the Titius – Bode law), but no such theory has been accepted. The images at the beginning of this section show the orbits of the various constituents of the Solar System	System	PROPN	on	ADP	 on
During an interview on Fox Business, Yankovic explained his method of funding to Stuart Varney, who seemed to misunderstand the possible monetization of Yankovic's videos. The first music video debuted on July 14, featuring the song " Tacky ". Produced by Nerdist Industries,	,	PUNCT	the	DET	 the
Only he seems to have found some similarly unreconstructed creepy friends shouting words of encouragement to his clunky chat up lines, like Timbaland ". " FutureSex / LoveSound " was used as the opening song on Timberlake's FutureSex / LoveShow in 2007. His performance in New	New	PROPN	York	PROPN	 York
Outside of the United States, " Used to Love You " was less successful, peaking in only four other countries. In Canada, the track peaked at number 57, becoming Stefani's lowest charting single; however, her follow up single " Make Me Like	Like	ADP	You	PRON	 You
Since larger animals have longer digestive systems, food is kept in digestion for significantly longer periods of time, allowing large animals to survive on lower quality food sources. This is especially true of animals with a large number of ' fermentation chambers ' along the intestine which	which	PRON	allow	VERB	 allow
" What Makes You Beautiful " sold more than 131,000 copies in its first week, even though it had yet to be played on the radio. Radio programmers were flooded with calls from fans. Johnny Wright, who managed New Kids on the Block, Backstreet Boys	Boys	PROPN	and	CCONJ	 and
When Mulder refuses to hand it over, the two grapple to a stalemate. Scully finds other identical " Jeremiah Smiths " working at SSA offices across the country. She is later met by Smith, who reveals she had met an imposter. Smith promises more information	information	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
The design was officially retired in 2000, when the Sacagawea dollar entered production. As few Susan B. Anthony dollars circulated, many remain available in uncirculated condition and are worth little above face value. However, some date and mint mark varieties are relatively valuable. The	The	DET	1981	NUM	 1981
The Air Force also includes a single independent flight (No. 5 Flight). The ground units supporting these flying squadrons include three expeditionary combat support squadrons, three security force squadrons and a range of intelligence, air traffic control, communications, radar and medical units	units	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
Geoffrey Beene, who stopped inviting Wintour to shows after she stopped writing about him, called her " a boss lady in four wheel drive who ignores or abandons those who do not fuel her tank. As an editor, she has turned class into mass, taste	taste	NOUN	into	ADP	 into
Britain withdrew the last of its Tornados from Iraq in June 2009. In early 2009, several GR4s arrived at Kandahar airfield, Afghanistan to replace the Harrier GR7 / 9 aircraft deployed there since November 2004. In 2009, Paveway IV guided bombs were brought into service	service	NOUN	on	ADP	 on
In January 2016, Reinfeldt was awarded H. M. The King's Medal, 12th size with chain, for extraordinary efforts as Prime Minister. On 15 March 2016 it was announced that Reinfeldt had been hired by Bank of America Merrill Lynch as a senior adviser for its	its	PRON	business	NOUN	 business
" It Only Hurts When I'm Breathing " received mixed reviews from music critics. Commercially, the single performed well in Canada, where it peaked at number four, and mildly in United States ' country and adult contemporary markets. It peaked at number seventy one	one	NUM	on	ADP	 on
Owen had not indicated a holotype. In 1888, Richard Lydekker while cataloguing the BMNH fossils, designated some of the hindlimb fragments described in 1861, specimen BMNH 39496 consisting of a lower part of a femur and an upper part of the tibia and fibula, together	together	ADV	forming	VERB	 forming
Most Italians, however, preferred more traditional pieces and established standards, and only a small audience sought new styles of experimental classical music. Italian contributions to ballet are less known and appreciated than in other areas of classical music. Italy, particularly Milan, was the	the	DET	European	ADJ	 European
The phylogenetic relationships of crocodilians has been the subject of debate and conflicting results. Many studies and their resulting cladograms, or " family trees " of crocodilians, have found the " short snouted " families of Crocodylidae and Alligatoridae to be close relatives, with the long	long	ADJ	snouted	VERB	 snouted
The ship was part of a squadron that escorted the royal yacht HMY Victoria and Albert II to Dublin in April 1868 for an official visit by the Prince of Wales, the future King Edward VII. In August, while cruising to Scotland, Warrior collided with HMS	HMS	PROPN	Royal	PROPN	 Royal
Stress fractures and tendon avulsions occurring in the forelimb have special behavioral significance since while injuries to the feet could be caused by running or migration, resistant prey items are the most probable source of injuries to the hand. Allosaurus was one of only two theropods examined in	in	ADP	the	DET	 the
Late Medieval Scottish churches also often contained elaborate burial monuments, like the Douglas tombs in the town of Douglas. The early sixteenth century saw crown steeples built on churches with royal connections, symbolising imperial monarchy, as at St. Giles Cathedral, Edinburgh. Scotland is known	known	VERB	for	ADP	 for
Remarkably, Maurice Richard became the first player to score 50 goals in a season in 1944 – 45. In 1955, Richard was suspended for assaulting a linesman, leading to the Richard Riot. Gordie Howe made his debut in 1946, retiring 32 years later as	as	ADP	the	DET	 the
The next year Vanderbilt fought Michigan to a scoreless tie at the inaugural game on Dudley Field, the first stadium in the South made exclusively for college football. Michigan coach Fielding Yost and Vanderbilt coach Dan McGugin were brothers in law, and the latter the protege of	of	ADP	the	DET	 the
König, Grosser Kurfürst, Markgraf, and Kronprinz each had a standard crew of 41 officers and 1095 enlisted men; König, the flagship of the III Squadron, had an additional crew of 14 officers and another 68 sailors. The ships carried several smaller boats,	,	PUNCT	including	VERB	 including
Mumbai has a zoo named Jijamata Udyaan (formerly Victoria Gardens), which also harbours a garden. The rich literary traditions of the city have been highlighted internationally by Booker Prize winners Salman Rushdie, Aravind Adiga. Marathi literature has been modernised in the works of Mumbai	Mumbai	PROPN	based	VERB	 based
Universal Music, the record company which owns Polydor, were releasing all singles under this format at the time of " Beat of My Drum " ' s release. The reason for this was to try and reduce the level of illegal downloading of music, a system	system	NOUN	that	PRON	 that
Author Chris Nickson wrote that " ' Breakdown ' showed Mariah treading forcefully into territory that was new for her and making it her own. " For " Babydoll, " Carey teamed up with Elliott. The track was recorded in Atlanta, where Elliott resided, and	and	CCONJ	included	VERB	 included
His exposure to World War I, serving in the Army then, focused his mind on issues of war and peace and international relations. Stratton's later work reflected these elements of his experience. He was also a scholar of the classics and translated some Greek philosophers	philosophers	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
Python provides the bisect module. Ruby's Array class includes a bsearch method with built in approximate matching. Go's sort standard library package contains the functions Search, SearchInts, SearchFloat64s, and SearchStrings, which implement general binary search, as well as specific implementations for	for	ADP	searching	VERB	 searching
British Library MS Cotton Domitian A.xv, known as the B manuscript, dates from the late 13th or early 14th century and includes some other material along with Book I and the same parts of Book II as in manuscript G. Another Cottonian manuscript, British Library MS Cotton	Cotton	PROPN	Vespasian	PROPN	 Vespasian
Famously called the King of Pop, his contributions to music, dance and fashion along with his publicized personal life made him a global figure in popular culture for over four decades. The eighth child of the Jackson family, Michael made his professional debut in 1964 with	with	ADP	his	PRON	 his
The Christian sacrament or ordinance of the Eucharist is based on these events. Although the Gospel of John does not include a description of the bread and wine ritual during the Last Supper, most scholars agree that John 6: 22 – 59 (the Bread of Life	Life	PROPN	Discourse	PROPN	 Discourse
SR 18 intersects Southeast 231st Street in a diamond interchange located north of Maple Valley, providing a connection to SR 169, while the freeway travels on an overpass over SR 169 towards a partial cloverleaf interchange with 244th Avenue. The SR 18 freeway ends northeast of a	a	DET	partial	ADJ	 partial
Conversely, Doppler effect redshifts (z> 0) are associated with objects receding (moving away) from the observer with the light shifting to lower energies. Likewise, gravitational blueshifts are associated with light emitted from a source residing within a weaker gravitational field as observed	observed	VERB	from	ADP	 from
The Fourth Gospel contains no account of the Nativity of Jesus, unlike Matthew and Luke, and his mother Mary, while frequently mentioned, is never identified by name. John does assert that Jesus was known as the " son of Joseph " in 6: 42	42	NUM	.	PUNCT	.
Folded horn type subwoofers can typically produce a deeper range with greater efficiency than the same driver in an enclosure that lacks a horn. Some experimental fixed installation subwoofer horns have been constructed using brick and concrete to produce a very long horn that allows a very deep sub	sub	NOUN	bass	NOUN	 bass
A second, competing view was that the Indians possessed only a possessory right of occupancy, not fee simple to their land. " The first reported American court decision holding that unsold Indian land was owned by the government, subject only to the lesser right of '	'	PUNCT	possession	NOUN	 possession
Holding the title with his brother The Beast, Burke held the championship for less than one month before dropping it to Geto Mongol and Great Kuma. That month, he also dropped the Taped Fist Championship to Mongol but regained it in a rematch within days. The	The	DET	following	ADJ	 following
Critiquing his discussion of the Fore people of New Guinea as being littered with inaccuracies, she draws comparisons between cannibalism and sexual activity, noting the latter is also not directly observed by anthropologists but nonetheless undoubtedly goes on. She furthermore expresses surprise that the work was ever	ever	ADV	designed	VERB	 designed
Following Crosby's Olympic gold medal victory with Canada in 2010, it was announced that his stick and glove were missing. It was initially suspected that they might have been stolen; Reebok Canada offered a reward of CAD $10,000 for their return — no questions asked	asked	VERB	.	PUNCT	.
Political maneuvering continues to impede CERP: sugar lobbyists promoted a bill in the Florida legislature in 2003 that increased the acceptable amount of phosphorus in Everglades waterways from 10 ppb to 15 ppb and extended the deadline for the mandated decrease by 20 years. A compromise of 2016	2016	NUM	was	AUX	 was
Michael Farquhar, a former writer and editor at The Washington Post, called Pike a " blustering blowhard, a feeble poet, a laughable hypocrite, a shameless jingoist, a notoriously insubordinate military officer, and yes, a bigot with genocidal inclinations. " John W.	W.	PROPN	Boettjer	PROPN	 Boettjer
He was fluent in several languages, including Scottish Gaelic, and transcribed the legends precisely as dictated by the narrators. John Gregorson Campbell was born near Loch Linnhe at Kingairloch, Argyll in 1836, the fourth child and second son of Helen MacGregor and Captain Campbell,	,	PUNCT	an	DET	 an
A final remix was created after Diddy highlighted his intent to find a UK emcee to record a new version of the song with him. Skepta was chosen for the remix, which was released as the " Official Grime Remix ". It is the only remix which	which	PRON	alters	VERB	 alters
By the beginning of June, all parties had agreed terms, but the financial situation at AZ and a change of ownership meant the deal did not proceed. On 17 June 2010, the 19 year old Kieftenbeld signed a four year contract with Eredivisie club Groningen,	,	PUNCT	who	PRON	 who
Ian Paice had this to say about success in the US versus the lack of it back home: We have been given proper exposure over there. The Americans really know how to push records. Decades later, modern critical reviews of the album are generally positive.	.	PUNCT	Bruce	PROPN	 Bruce
Brown first drew inspiration from the final scene of Cauldron: the witch's fight against the Pumpking, which bounced around a room. He felt the bouncing pumpkin looked " cool " and decided to base the sequel's gameplay on this aspect. Although unsure about the	the	DET	idea	NOUN	 idea
The evolution of classification was confused by including many unknown or garden varieties, until Baker (1875) made the important distinction of excluding all specimens except the wild species from his system. He then grouped all of the earlier related genera as sections under one genus,	,	PUNCT	Narcissus	PROPN	 Narcissus
" Although opposed to Bodyline tactics in Australia, Allen often bowled short to intimidate batsmen in county cricket — for example, he once struck Wyatt over the heart with a fast ball. During the early part of his career, Allen was often in competition with Larwood	Larwood	PROPN	.	PUNCT	.
The game is a standard action adventure game, played from a top down perspective. The player takes on the role of Arthur King and is accompanied by two Knights of Justice controlled by the game console. The player battles enemies using a regular sword swing or a	a	DET	special	ADJ	 special
Immediately after this transition, the Southfield Freeway, as M 39 is now called, has an interchange with I 94. There is a second, adjacent interchange that connects to Van Born Road, and the freeway winds its way northeasterly through Dearborn. The freeway is	is	AUX	bordered	VERB	 bordered
In favor of this hypothesis is the tendency of most insects, when startled while climbing on branches, to escape by dropping to the ground. Such lobes would have served as parachutes and enable the insect to land more softly. The theory suggests that these lobes gradually	gradually	ADV	grew	VERB	 grew
The sixth installment in the Halo series, Reach was released worldwide in September 2010. The game takes place in the year 2552, where humanity is locked in a war with the alien Covenant. Players control Noble Six, a member of an elite supersoldier squad,	,	PUNCT	when	SCONJ	 when
He said he had intended to rob the Americans who had traveled with him from San Antonio, but the Mexican had watched him too closely. Although there was no jail in the town, a local blacksmith was commissioned to construct irons to restrain Desha until his trial	trial	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
Finding himself in an awkward situation because he held no official status in either the Brazilian Imperial House or in the Portuguese Royal House, Pedro assumed the title of Duke of Braganza on 15 June, a position that once had been his as heir to Portugal's crown	crown	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
A text called " Tirthavali Gatha ", attributed to Namdev or Dnyaneshwar but possibly a collection of writings of many poet saints, also centers on the propagation of Varkari faith and Vithoba worship. Other devotional works include aratis like " Yuge atthavisa vitevari ubha " by Namdev	Namdev	PROPN	and	CCONJ	 and
Gabriel appeared on Bush's 1979 television special, where they sang a duet of Roy Harper's " Another Day ". She has sung on two Roy Harper tracks, " You ", on his 1979 album, " The Unknown Soldier ", and " Once	Once	ADV	"	PUNCT	 "
India took the series 5 – 1, Harbhajan taking 3 / 30 in their only loss. Harbhajan was unable to maintain his ODI form on the tour to the West Indies, where he managed three wickets at 64 in five matches, although he continued to be	be	AUX	economical	ADJ	 economical
Some observers have speculated that if the participants were Falun Gong practitioners, they may have resorted to self immolation in response to the publication of a new scripture by Li Hongzhi released on 1 January 2001, " Beyond the Limits of Forbearance. " An article authored by	by	ADP	a	DET	 a
Aflaq moved to Baghdad following his reelection to the Secretary Generalship in February 1968. He stayed there until 1970, when the Jordan – Palestine War broke out, he criticised the Ba ' ath leadership of doing too little to help Palestine during the conflict. During the	the	DET	conflict	NOUN	 conflict
Chris Owens who portrayed the Young Smoking Man spent time watching how Davis smokes to ensure that he did it just like him. Owens later appeared as a young version of The Smoking Man again in the episode " Demons ", and as his son Jeffrey Spender.	.	PUNCT	The	DET	 The
Hu Jintao, the former CPC General Secretary of the Central Committee, personally congratulated Nguyen Van Son, the Chairman of the CPV Commission for External Relations, on the CPV's holding of the 10th National Congress. Not all the parties which congratulated the CPV were communists	communists	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
The Soviet invasion made a decision on ending the war extremely time sensitive. These " twin shocks " — the atomic bombing of Hiroshima and the Soviet entry — had immediate profound effects on Prime Minister Suzuki and Foreign Minister Tōgō Shigenori, who concurred that the government must	must	AUX	end	VERB	 end
Another painting, The Storm on the Sea of Galilee, is Rembrandt's only known seascape. The bronze finial was taken from the top of a Napoleonic flag, possibly appearing like gold to the thieves. The museum is offering a $100,000 reward for this piece	piece	NOUN	alone	ADV	 alone
Monomane is sometimes contrasted with yūgen, although the two represent endpoints of a continuum rather than being completely separate. Kabu isshin (歌舞一心, " song dance one heart "): the theory that the song (including poetry) and dance are two halves of the same	same	ADJ	whole	NOUN	 whole
Holocene remains from North Africa suggest that the species may have been more widespread when the climate was wetter in what is now the Sahara. This crake is a partial migrant, but although it is less skulking than many of its relatives, its movements are complex and	and	CCONJ	poorly	ADV	 poorly
No. 37 Squadron was disbanded in February 1948 and No. 386 Squadron in March 1949. On 22 June 1949, No. 86 Wing, comprising Nos. 36, 38 and 486 Squadrons, relocated to the nearby RAAF Station Richmond. No. 486 Squadron	Squadron	PROPN	's	PART	's
This is a rule of nature. I think if I had left my country, I would be the same as the tree. Kiarostami frequently wore dark spectacles or sunglasses, which he required because of a sensitivity to light. In March 2016, Kiarostami was hospitalized	hospitalized	VERB	due	ADJ	 due
Further downstream in the valley between Manchones and Morero, birdlife includes goshawks, eagles, orioles, robins, finches, hoopoe and kestrels. Deer and bobcats are found in the Sierra Santa Cruz which borders the river, hedgehogs and shrews are to be found near the	the	DET	banks	NOUN	 banks
Though the fighting was over, the men still wore life jackets for the first three days at sea amidst fears of striking floating mines. George W. Cooper, historian of the 2nd Battalion of the 111th Infantry, reported that some of the men had to serve as	as	ADP	stokers	NOUN	 stokers
His only other credits were minimal, and the other projects he worked on were not produced. " When Wodehouse's contract ended after a year it was not renewed. At MGM's request, he gave an interview to The Los Angeles Times. Wodehouse, who	who	PRON	was	AUX	 was
At the end of 1930, a solution was announced in a bill for the formation of the London Passenger Transport Board (LPTB), a public corporation which was to take control of the Underground Group, the Metropolitan Railway and the majority of the bus and tram	tram	NOUN	operators	NOUN	 operators
Aditya wanted to make a wholesome film that people could watch repeatedly. He wanted to diverge from the typical plot line of the time, in which lovers run away when their parents object, and show that if their love was strong enough, the parents would eventually	eventually	ADV	understand	VERB	 understand
I think it's really fun and kept changing the look, " she said. Cyrus ' make up artist, Denika Bedrossian, focused on the singer's eyes; he used " rich jewel toned shades " and eyelashes with feathered tips to give Cyrus a "	"	PUNCT	deep	ADJ	 deep
After serving as the governor of Oregon, Goldschmidt is widely considered the most influential figure in the state's politics, both as an elected public official and as a lobbyist and policy consultant. His legacy and career were severely damaged by revelations that he had a sexual	sexual	ADJ	relationship	NOUN	 relationship
All four bodies were dumped at sea. The five uninjured men were held at Grini concentration camp until 18 January 1943, when they were taken to nearby woods, blindfolded and executed by the Gestapo. The German Wehrmacht and the Gestapo argued over the fate of the	the	DET	prisoners	NOUN	 prisoners
The Navy was also able to lease and sell 34 acres (14 ha) of Ford Island as part of Sen. Inouye's renovation project to use private funds to redevelop the island. Initially termed " the bridge to nowhere ", the Admiral Clarey bridge was instrumental	instrumental	ADJ	in	ADP	 in
The film breaks precedent by developing into an interracial love story, but his army ends in ruins. Yen kills himself at the film's conclusion — by drinking poisoned tea — rather than be captured and killed. Capra adored the script and disregarded the risk of making	making	VERB	a	DET	 a
Intended to boost American syndication sales, The Amazing Adventures of Joe 90 is one of a number of composite films of Gerry Anderson productions, which were released both to stations and on home video under the promotional banner of " Super Space Theater ". Material for "	"	PUNCT	The	DET	 The
In the Welsh language Ymerodraeth means " empire ". " Newport (Ymerodraeth State of Mind) " was directed by British filmmaker M J Delaney and featured London based actors Alex Warren and Terema Wainwright, rapping and singing respectively. Days after its release Delaney said:	:	PUNCT	"	PUNCT	 "
Lindblom's own humor and office in jokes worked their way into the script alongside cultural allusions to Bugs Bunny, comedian Benny Hill, and This Is Spinal Tap. Outside the game's script, Lindblom's in game text includes the item and weapon names as well	well	ADV	as	ADP	 as
Arsenal were forced to make a substitution around the hour mark after Sammy Nelson collided with McDermott and was concussed; Willie Young replaced him. Liverpool extended their lead minutes later. Alan Hansen intercepted an Arsenal attack, strode forward and passed the ball to Dalglish. The	The	DET	striker	NOUN	 striker
Although the episode was fictionally set in Seattle, Washington, filming primarily took place in Los Angeles, California. Jeff Perry reprised his role as a guest star, while Ralph Waite and Jocko Sims made their first appearances. The episode's title refers to the song	song	NOUN	"	PUNCT	 "
Neither teams finished the race, but the Soviets were hospitalised. The cycling officials decided that the bruised Germans would be forced to compete in a repechage sequel against the losers in the previous repechages to qualify. This allowed the United States and the Australians a reprieve.	.	PUNCT	The	DET	 The
Ann Hulbert of Slate magazine believed that Juno " [undercut] both pro life and pro choice purism. " Jeff Dawson of The Sunday Times believed that the film was inevitably placed in the " unwanted pregnancy subgenre " with Knocked Up and Waitress due to its subject	subject	NOUN	matter	NOUN	 matter
Following an extensive multi year restoration, Queen Elizabeth II re dedicated the monument on 9 April 2007 at a ceremony commemorating the 90th anniversary of the battle. The site is maintained by Veterans Affairs Canada. This Vimy Memorial and the Beaumont Hamel Newfoundland Memorial are the only	only	ADJ	two	NUM	 two
Hesketh Fleetwood married twice and had several children, most of whom died in infancy. His new town flourished, but the expense of building it left him close to bankruptcy and forced him to sell most of his estates including Rossall Hall, which had been his family	family	NOUN	home	NOUN	 home
Boycott and Denness did not get on well, and at the end of the tour they clashed over Boycott's preference for a one day match over a three day game against Bermuda. Boycott recalled in his autobiography that when Denness confronted him on the issue he replied	replied	VERB	"	PUNCT	 "
Pintel and Ragetti were originally supposed to make an appearance, but director Rob Marshall opted out of the idea as he feared their roles would be cut. Cook resigned in September 2009 after working for Disney for over 38 years. Depp's faith in Pirates of the	the	DET	Caribbean	PROPN	 Caribbean
The warriors then moved out and began to surround Harrison's army looking for a way to sneak into the camp. Ben, an African American wagon driver traveling with Harrison's army, had deserted to the Shawnee during the expedition. He agreed to lead a small	small	ADJ	group	NOUN	 group
The company spent two years deciding whether to renovate its current building or to move to cheaper, more modern space in Center City. In 2006 Rohm and Haas decided to stay in the current building and spend up to US $25 million on renovations. The building	building	NOUN	's	PART	's
Shakira's official website also posted various trailers of the DVD and previews of some performances, such as that of " Whenever, Wherever ", for additional promotion. The live album, consisting of the DVD and live audio CD, was released as Live from Paris	Paris	PROPN	and	CCONJ	 and
Skinner suspends Scully and Mulder for four weeks because of the mix up. Sixteen months later, O'Fallon kills Micah Hoffman in a murder suicide. As such, the X File is never truly solved. During their suspension, Mulder and Scully venture to Hollywood to view	view	VERB	the	DET	 the
In New Zealand itself, 8,573 deaths were attributed to the 1918 pandemic influenza, resulting in a total population fatality rate of 0.74%. In Japan, 257,363 deaths were attributed to influenza by July 1919, giving an estimated 0.425% mortality rate, much lower than	than	ADP	nearly	ADV	 nearly
The evacuation of the X Corps from the port of Hungnam marked the complete withdrawal of UN troops from North Korea. By mid 1950 after the successful landing at Inchon by the US X Corps and the subsequent destruction of the Korean People's Army, the Korean War	War	PROPN	appeared	VERB	 appeared
Through patronage positions and the hosting of visiting state officials, Howe and Roosevelt also began to build a national network of Democratic supporters to support an eventual presidential run. Howe also helped Roosevelt make connections with labor leaders by encouraging Roosevelt to personally inspect work conditions and meet	meet	VERB	with	ADP	 with
At this time, Greek philosopher Strabo spoke of a tent dwelling tribe called the " Emesani " living in the area around the Orontes and south of the Apamea region. They were an Arab tribe in the area and settled in Emesa — which derived its name from	from	ADP	them	PRON	 them
In the Yankees ' 1917 season, New York finished in sixth; Bill Donovan, the club's manager since 1915, was fired in the offseason. Ruppert replaced him with Miller Huggins, completing the hire while Huston was overseas fighting in World War I. The Yankees	Yankees	PROPN	contended	VERB	 contended
The first match that aired was between Kane and Finlay. Kane controlled the opening minutes of the match, performing a variety of moves including a scoop slam and a big boot. After some back and forth action, Finlay was able to hit Kane with a shillelagh	shillelagh	NOUN	in	ADP	 in
With a capacity of 13,100 cubic feet per second (370 m3 / s), it is one of the largest irrigation canals in the United States. The Coalinga or Pleasant Valley Canal branches off the San Luis Canal towards the Coalinga area. A pair of separate	separate	ADJ	dams	NOUN	 dams
Parseghian later said that despite not playing, watching Brown's methodical and strict coaching methods – and the ease with which he commanded players much larger than he was – was a " priceless " experience. After his military service, Parseghian enrolled at Miami University in Ohio	Ohio	PROPN	and	CCONJ	 and
The division was merely pragmatic: the Empire was called " indivisible " in official panegyric, and both emperors could move freely throughout the Empire. In 288, Maximian appointed Constantius to serve as his praetorian prefect in Gaul. Constantius left Helena to marry Maximian's stepdaughter	stepdaughter	NOUN	Theodora	PROPN	 Theodora
In Arab world, Hezbollah is generally seen either as a destabilizing force that functions as Iran's pawn by rentier states like Egypt and Saudi Arabia, or as a popular sociopolitical guerilla movement that exemplifies strong leadership, meaningful political action, and a commitment to social justice	justice	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
Nicholas's sister Grand Duchess Xenia Alexandrovna of Russia was horrified by Tyutcheva's story. She wrote on March 15, 1910 that she couldn't understand "... the attitude of Alix and the children to that sinister Grigory (whom they consider to be almost a saint	saint	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
It can result from blunt or penetrating trauma to the neck or chest, inhalation of harmful fumes or smoke, or aspiration of liquids or objects. Though rare, TBI is a serious condition; it may cause obstruction of the airway with resulting life threatening respiratory insufficiency	insufficiency	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
He was ordained as a United Church Minister later in the year at Knox United Church in Calgary. Dawson, initially having no interest in politics, ran in the 1935 election as a Social Credit candidate for the riding of Little Bow, at the request and pressure	pressure	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
They considered a number of different ways to implement the pupil assignment plan, and decided to bring the various alternatives before the Gray Commission. Wickham was given the task of putting into legislative language the decisions the group made. That same day, Judge Bryan ordered Arlington	Arlington	PROPN	County	PROPN	 County
" With singles " Miss You Much ", " Rhythm Nation ", " Escapade ", " Alright ", " Come Back to Me ", " Black Cat " and " Love Will Never Do (Without You) ", it became the only album	album	NOUN	in	ADP	 in
Erin Hannon (Ellie Kemper) finally meets her birth parents (Ed Begley, Jr. and Joan Cusack) who had put her up for adoption. At the wedding, Kelly Kapoor (Mindy Kaling) arrives with her husband Ravi (Sendhil Ramamurthy), where Ryan	Ryan	PROPN	Howard	PROPN	 Howard
House drummer D. J. Fontana brought a new element, complementing Presley's movements with accented beats that he had mastered playing in strip clubs. Soon after the show, the Hayride engaged Presley for a year's worth of Saturday night appearances. Trading in his old guitar	guitar	NOUN	for	ADP	 for
Meanwhile, it was soon revealed informally that " X " was indeed Kennan. This information seemed to give the " X " article the status of an official document expressing the Truman administration's new policy toward Moscow. Kennan had not intended the " X " article	article	NOUN	as	ADP	 as
By lap 433, Jimmie Johnson caught Kurt Busch. Johnson tried to pass Busch on lap 444, but did not get the lead. During the longest green flag run of the race, Joey Logano hit the turn two wall on lap 479; there was no	no	DET	caution	NOUN	 caution
At the start of the 2009 – 10 season, on 29 August 2009, Tasci extended his contract with Stuttgart until the summer of 2014. A buy out clause was included as part of signing a new contract. He scored his first Champions League goal as Stuttgart	Stuttgart	PROPN	drew	VERB	 drew
This generally resembled the original aircraft, but the wings were entirely redesigned with laminar flow airfoils, the tail structure was enlarged and an ejection seat was fitted. The back of the seat was armoured and the pilot was also protected by a bullet proof windscreen. The	The	DET	entire	ADJ	 entire
In 2012, the company experienced its first operating loss since entering the video game market more than 30 years earlier. Losses continued for the next two years before the company finally returned to profitability at the end of the 2015 fiscal year. The slight turnaround was largely	largely	ADV	attributed	VERB	 attributed
The episode was viewed by 8.83 million viewers and placed as the 24th most watched episode for the week in the 18- to 49 year old demographic. IGN columnist Brian Zoromski rated " Grief Counseling " 9.5 / 10, an indication of an " amazing " episode.	.	PUNCT	Writing	VERB	 Writing
After Floyd asks Liz about her own future in New York, she begins to notice all the problems she has with the city and so they plan a visit to Floyd's hometown. Meanwhile, Jack returns from a weekend in Paris with Phoebe, his new fiancée	fiancée	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
The 7th Army was commanded by Divizijski đeneral Dušan Trifunović, and his chief of staff was Pukovnik Vladimir Petrović. The 7th Army consisted of: 32nd Infantry Division Triglavski 38th Infantry Division Dravska Mountain Detachment Triglavski (brigade strength) Mountain Detachment Rišnajaski (brigade strength) Detachment	Detachment	PROPN	Lika	PROPN	 Lika
Because of this, Minogue, with the support of her then boyfriend Stephane Sednaoui, decided to experiment with her music for the upcoming album. Welsh musician James Dean Bradfield contacted Minogue's A & R Pete Hadfield, asking him what their current project was where Hadfield	Hadfield	PROPN	replied	VERB	 replied
Inducted on August 18, 2008, he is the only born and raised native to be drafted into the NHL. He holds both American and Swiss citizenship. Schneider played with Marblehead High School in his freshman year before moving to Phillips Academy because of their more prestigious	prestigious	ADJ	hockey	NOUN	 hockey
These had been grounded and abandoned when they sighted Virginia entering the Roads. Their flags were then hoisted " Union side down " to taunt Monitor into a fight as they were towed back to Norfolk. In the end both sides had failed to provoke a fight on	on	ADP	their	PRON	 their
She made one trip to besieged Sevastopol in December 1941 and made a number of bombardments in support of the Kerch Offensive during January – March 1942. She was withdrawn from combat in April as German aerial supremacy had made it too risky to risk such a large target	target	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
Bryan's candidacy divided the Democratic Party and its supporters, and caused many normally Democratic papers to abandon him. Hearst called a meeting of his senior staff to decide the Journal's policy. Though few favored the Democrat, Hearst decided, " Unlimber the guns;	;	PUNCT	we	PRON	 we
Liberal Prime Minister H. H. Asquith had asked the previous king to give an undertaking that he would create sufficient Liberal peers to force the budget through the House. Edward had reluctantly agreed, provided the Lords rejected the budget after two successive general elections. After a general	general	ADJ	election	NOUN	 election
However, Kenney felt that fellow Lampoon writer Chris Miller was the magazine's expert on the college experience. Faced with an impending deadline, Miller submitted a chapter from his then abandoned memoirs entitled " The Night of the Seven Fires " about pledging experiences from his fraternity	fraternity	NOUN	days	NOUN	 days
" Nikhat Kazmi of The Times of India called him " absolutely mesmerising "; Garauv Malani wrote, " Randeep Hooda plays the best character of his career so far and gets immense scope to show his performance prowess. The passion, obsession, emotions and expressions he	he	PRON	brings	VERB	 brings
The evocation of adolescent homoeroticism was deliberate and playful rather than pornographic. In a similar vein, Richard Canning in The Independent found the Willow Gables fiction vibrant, well constructed and entertaining, and praised Larkin's " sly Sapphic spin ". In a more recent analysis	analysis	NOUN	Terry	PROPN	 Terry
Most of the area through which they run is at or below sea level, and attempts to protect it from inundation have been carried out since 1480. The Middle Level was given its name by the Dutch Engineer Cornelius Vermuyden in 1642, who subsequently constructed several drainage	drainage	NOUN	channels	NOUN	 channels
Toys " R " Us offered an ODST action figure and a US $20 gift card as a buying incentive. By April 2009, market research firm OTX reported that ODST was the most highly anticipated video game, a spot it continued to hold in late August	August	PROPN	.	PUNCT	.
In his postmortem, Spector concluded that the team was " unrealistic, blinded by promises of complete creative freedom " and by " assurances " of budget, marketing, and no time restraints, which he called " seductive traps ". By mid 1998, the game	game	NOUN	's	PART	's
These aircraft launched twenty torpedoes at the battleship but all missed. On several occasions during 1942 and 1943 bombers from the Royal Air Force and Soviet Air Forces attempted to strike Tirpitz in her anchorages without success. On 23 September 1943 two British X class midget submarines succeeded	succeeded	VERB	in	ADP	 in
Both sexes build the nest; the building periods can be as brief as three days to as long as four weeks. Egg count differs by location; the number has been as low as two and as high as five. Egg color varies; they can appear	appear	VERB	bluish	ADJ	 bluish
" In January 17, 1920, Malevich and Lissitzky co founded the short lived Molposnovis (Young followers of a new art), a proto suprematist association of students, professors, and other artists. After a brief and stormy dispute between " old " and "	"	PUNCT	young	ADJ	 young
" He praised the action sequence, calling it " truly inspired " and " extremely well scripted ", and graded the episode 8.9 out of 10. Brad Trechak of TV Squad stated that " the pirate segment of the episode wasn't very good and seemed out	out	ADP	of	ADP	 of
Her guns were removed and dropped overboard to be picked up later by the salvage vessel Kanguro. The battleship's armor, machinery, and ammunition stores were also removed to lighten her. Her hull was then sealed and partially drained in preparation for raising, but while	while	SCONJ	waiting	VERB	 waiting
In Paris, French president Charles de Gaulle decided otherwise. M ' ba was one of the most loyal allies to France in Africa. While visiting France in 1961, M ' ba said: " [a] ll Gabonese have two fatherlands: France and Gabon	Gabon	PROPN	.	PUNCT	.
Green decided to pursue a career in law, something his father had dreamed of doing himself. Green received a B.S. in economics in 1948, finishing his undergraduate degree in just over two years and graduating with honors. He enrolled at Temple Law School as one of	of	ADP	ten	NUM	 ten
In the fall of 1793, during the peak of the Northwest Indian War, he joined Shawnee chief Blue Jacket to defend against Anthony Wayne's attacks in the Ohio Country, and also took part in the attack on Fort Recovery on June 30, 1794. Alder	Alder	PROPN	was	AUX	 was
" The song received two nominations at the 50th Grammy Awards held at the Staples Center in Los Angeles, California, including for Best R & B Performance by a Duo or Group with Vocal and Best R & B Song. However, it lost to " Disrespectful	Disrespectful	ADJ	"	PUNCT	 "
The sensitivity and specificity measurements are around 90%. The ultrasound equipment must be of sufficiently high quality in order to give a correct image processing result, which can then provide invaluable information, mainly at the superficial level. It must be able to provide both color	color	NOUN	and	CCONJ	 and
In Stewart's opinion, Public Law 280 had no bearing on the case and the rights were not protected by the Termination Act, so they were lost. Stewart did note that this would have also made the claim for compensation valid under Shoshone Tribe v. United States	States	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
Using a telescope and sighting at the given bearing, he spotted something white among the branches of a large tree; this proved to be the skull through which a weight had to be dropped from the left eye in order to find the treasure. " The Gold	Gold	PROPN	Bug	NOUN	 Bug
At the latter, strong winds were observed, with a gust up to 150 mph (240 km / h) in Key Largo. However, damage there was limited to swamped fishing boats and temporary loss of electricity and communications. Farther north, heavy rains flooded	flooded	VERB	low	ADJ	 low
Preliminary genetic analysis of the genus using mitochondrial DNA showed the three raven species to belong to one lineage and the two crows to another, and that the two lineages are not closely related. The genetic separation between species is small and there was a suggestion the forest	forest	NOUN	raven	NOUN	 raven
Adult Pteranodon specimens from the two major species can be divided into two distinct size classes. The smaller class of specimens have small, rounded head crests and very wide pelvic canals, even wider than those of the much larger size class. The size of the pelvic	pelvic	ADJ	canal	NOUN	 canal
Pearl Jam has outlasted and outsold many of its contemporaries from the alternative rock breakthrough of the early 1990s, and is considered one of the most influential bands of that decade. Stephen Thomas Erlewine of AllMusic referred to Pearl Jam as " the most popular American rock &	&	CCONJ	roll	NOUN	 roll
The phagocyte then stretches itself around the bacterium and engulfs it. Phagocytosis of bacteria by human neutrophils takes on average nine minutes. Once inside this phagocyte, the bacterium is trapped in a compartment called a phagosome. Within one minute the phagosome merges with either a lysosome	lysosome	NOUN	or	CCONJ	 or
Pieces from MOBA's collection have been on display in museums in Virginia, Ottawa, and New York. In February 2009, MOBA announced a fundraiser to assist the Rose Art Museum at Brandeis University, which was seriously considering whether to sell masterpieces because of the global	global	ADJ	financial	ADJ	 financial
It also became the fifth highest grossing Telugu film of 2015 at the United States box office. The film collected US $265,376 from 84 screens at the United States box office in its second weekend, taking its ten day total to $1.2 million (₹ 87.1	87.1	NUM	million	NUM	 million
Formally established in 1978, more than 20 years after it was first proposed, the monument is located in Surakarta, Central Java, and operated by the Ministry of Communications and Information. The complex consists of an old society building, which was constructed in 1918 and	and	CCONJ	used	VERB	 used
Despite initial concerns about her sea keeping ability, Novgorod was a stable gun platform and had an easy roll that rarely exceeded 7 – 8°. Her bluff hull form meant that she lost speed in heavy weather and, on one occasion in 1877, lost all	all	DET	headway	NOUN	 headway
Unable to work his fields, Epps leases his slaves to a neighboring plantation for the season. While there, Northup gains the favor of the plantation's owner, Judge Turner, who allows him to play the fiddle at a neighbor's wedding anniversary celebration, and	and	CCONJ	to	PART	 to
" The condemnations certainly had a positive effect on science, but scholars disagree over their relative influence. Historians in the field no longer fully endorse his view that modern science started in 1277. Edward Grant is probably the contemporary historian of science who comes closest to Duhem	Duhem	PROPN	's	PART	's
Although the storm never made landfall, the fringe effects of the storm produced significant flooding across the Baja California Peninsula which damaged agricultural land and dozens of homes. Howard also produced large swells which reached 18 ft (5.4 m) along the Baja coastline and 10 ft	ft	PROPN	(	PUNCT	 (
" Heartbreak Hotel / I Was the One " was certified Platinum by on March 27, 1992 and 2 × Platinum on July 15, 1999 by the RIAA. The song made its debut on the UK Singles Chart in May 1956; it peaked at the second	second	ADJ	spot	NOUN	 spot
Song portrayed the character Veronica. The show's pilot episode was significantly criticized by Asian American watchdog groups because Song's character wore a stereotypical " sexy Asian schoolgirl " costume, which was deemed " racist " by watchdog groups. In an interview with Entertainment Weekly,	,	PUNCT	Song	PROPN	 Song
In addition to small arms, they were equipped with two 12 pounder breech loading guns, 24 pounder rockets, and a Gatling gun. The 12 pounders were exchanged for two of the Army's 7 pounder mountain guns before entering Zululand. Attached to the No.1 Column	Column	PROPN	commanded	VERB	 commanded
This bridge either crossed the Thames, or went to a now lost island in the river. Dendrology dated the timbers to 1500 BC. In 2010 the foundations of a large timber structure, dated to 4500 BC, were found on the Thames foreshore, south of	of	ADP	Vauxhall	PROPN	 Vauxhall
O'Malley lowballed Rickey with an offer of $346,000 (the purchase price). Rickey demanded $1 million ($9,835,408 today). O'Malley eventually pursued a complicated buyout of Rickey, who had received an outside offer from William Zeckendorf of $1 million for his	his	PRON	interests	NOUN	 interests
A demo was released on April 30 exclusively for the PlayStation Network. When questioned about the lack of a Nintendo Wii port, Svensson stated that Capcom was unable to release the game on the console due to licensing restrictions and WiiWare's file size limit. The PlayStation	PlayStation	PROPN	3	NUM	 3
The population of Jerusalem would be around 105,000 Arabs to 100,000 Jews. On 13 December trouble came from another quarter, in the town of Safed, opposite the Golan Heights. Fighting had started between the Arab and Jewish inhabitants. The police requested help from the army	army	NOUN	and	CCONJ	 and
Cyanogenic glycosides are stored in inactive forms in plant vacuoles. They become toxic when herbivores eat the plant and break cell membranes allowing the glycosides to come into contact with enzymes in the cytoplasm releasing hydrogen cyanide which blocks cellular respiration. Glucosinolates are activated in much the same	same	ADJ	way	NOUN	 way
This delay proved to be somewhat costly, since the Americans used this time to improve fortifications on northwestern Long Island (at Brooklyn Heights along the East River shoreline) and increased the size of their Continental Army with additional militia. After moving most of his army by	by	ADP	amphibious	ADJ	 amphibious
Rumors alleging that Diocletian's death was merely being kept secret until Galerius could come to assume power spread through the city. On 13 December, he seemed to have finally died. The city was sent into a mourning from which it was only retrieved by public declarations	declarations	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
Legislation in Australia requires that cylinders are hydrostatically tested every twelve months. In South Africa a hydrostatic test is required every 4 years, and visual inspection every year. Eddy current testing of neck threads must be done according to the manufacturer's recommendations. A hydrostatic test	test	NOUN	involves	VERB	 involves
That gap was eliminated in late 1936 when M 46 was routed down US 131 to Howard City and along M 82 to Newaygo. From there, it followed M 37 south to Casnovia. A new road was opened in early 1937 between Vestaburg and Alma, which	which	PRON	was	AUX	 was
The supervillain returns in " The Clown at Midnight " (2007) as a cruel, enigmatic force who awakens and tries to kill Harley Quinn to prove to Batman that he has become more than human. In the 2008 story arc " Batman R.I.P. " the Joker	Joker	PROPN	is	AUX	 is
Kwajalein Missile Range caught stronger winds than expected from the storm, and operations in the missile range were affected severely. Zelda also produced a pressure of 990.1 hPa (29.24 inHg), which was the lowest pressure ever recorded on Kwajalein. Later, In Ebeye,	,	PUNCT	60	NUM	 60
When the album was profiled in the Classic Albums documentary series, Gabriel quipped that its short title meant it could be enlarged and useful when marketing it. The sleeve design is a portrait of Gabriel photographed by Trevor Key, who was then most famous for capturing the	the	DET	bell	NOUN	 bell
The film ended its North American theatrical run on May 14, 1999, having grossed $16,316,273, below its estimated production budget of $17 million. A Simple Plan received critical acclaim from mainstream film critics. Review aggregation website Rotten Tomatoes sampled 67 reviews, and	and	CCONJ	gave	VERB	 gave
Since 1995 the Yogyakarta Palace Complex including Taman Sari is listed as a tentative World Heritage Site. The name Taman Sari comes from the Javanese words taman, meaning a " garden " or " park " and sari, which means " beautiful " or " flowers "	"	PUNCT	.	PUNCT	.
Day and Foxe completed a second edition of the Book of Martyrs in 1570. It was even larger than the first — a total of 2,300 pages in two enormous folio volumes — and at one point, Day ran out of paper (which he imported) and	and	CCONJ	had	VERB	 had
The theme song was based upon a song Geiss wrote called " Elmo's Song ", with lyrics changed to fit the segment. Writer Louise Gikow and The New York Times called it " a show within a show ". Clash called it " a playdate between	between	ADP	the	DET	 the
Fleetwood Mac's main writers — Buckingham, Christine McVie and Nicks — worked individually on specific songs, but sometimes shared lyrics with each other. " The Chain " is the only track that all members, including Fleetwood and John McVie, collaborated on. All songs	songs	NOUN	on	ADP	 on
The strength of this anti reform backlash would ultimately lead to the Afghan civil war. Under the previous administration of Mohammad Daoud Khan, a literacy program created by UNESCO had been launched with the objective of eliminating illiteracy within 20 years. The government of Taraki attempted to	to	PART	reduce	VERB	 reduce
Although he had never been faithful to Maria Leopoldina, he had previously been careful to conceal his sexual escapades with other women. However, his infatuation for his new lover " had become both blatant and limitless ", while his wife endured slights and became the object	object	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
Wisden opined that " rarely can a Test Match have been played under such appalling conditions as on this day ". Fingleton said the conditions were " pitiable " and " utmost gloom in which batsmen and fieldsmen had intense difficulty in sighting the ball ". Australia eventually	eventually	ADV	finished	VERB	 finished
Okinawa was to be a staging area for Operation Downfall, the American invasion of the Japanese Home Islands. Following Germany's defeat, the Soviet Union quietly began redeploying its battle hardened European forces to the Far East, in addition to about forty divisions that had been	been	AUX	stationed	VERB	 stationed
Neither of the pilots ' seats had shoulder straps as were required by United States domestic passenger flights. At least one flight crew member was airlifted to Nassau County Medical Center. The NTSB report states that all of the flight crew " died from blunt force head and	and	CCONJ	upper	ADJ	 upper
The residences and most other structures are timber framed and fibro clad. In 1825, Brisbane was established as a penal settlement. In spite of the hazards, the preferred access to Moreton Bay and Brisbane was through the southern entrance, between Moreton Island and North Stradbroke	Stradbroke	PROPN	Island	PROPN	 Island
This, in turn, was followed by refactoring within the organisation to better adapt the new identity. From 1962 until 1965 Fakih served as the First Deputy Chair of Muhammadiyah under Ahmad Badawi, providing guidance for young religious leaders. During the killings and power shift which	which	PRON	followed	VERB	 followed
The war minister ’ s flag was a tricolor square with the letter “ M ” in white found on the blue stripe. The other ministers had similar flags but without the “ M ”. The jack employed by Romanian vessels was a yellow square bordered red with	with	ADP	the	DET	 the
During September 13, Choi wan gradually developed whilst moving west with the JMA reporting that Choi wan had become a severe tropical storm late that day, before reporting along with the JTWC early the next day that Choi wan had intensified further and had become a weak Typhoon	Typhoon	NOUN	with	ADP	 with
Hitchcock acquired rights to the novel for $9,500 and reportedly ordered Robertson to buy up copies to preserve the novel's surprises. Hitchcock, who had come to face genre competitors whose works were critically compared to his own, was seeking new material to recover from two	two	NUM	aborted	ADJ	 aborted
Nevertheless, in the spring Sibelius went on an international tour with Kajanus and his orchestra, presenting his recent works (including a revised version of his First Symphony) in thirteen cities including Stockholm, Copenhagen, Hamburg, Berlin and Paris. The critics were highly favourable	favourable	ADJ	,	PUNCT	,
US 30 was originally conceived as a part of the Lincoln Highway, the first transcontinental highway in the United States. A route through Iowa was chosen because of the important link between Omaha, Nebraska, and Chicago, Illinois. As the U.S. Highway System came into	into	ADP	being	AUX	 being
Carlisle Cullen, the family patriarch, is a doctor working in Forks. His wife is Esme, and Alice, Jasper, Emmett, and Rosalie are their informally adopted children. Edward and Bella's relationship is soon put in jeopardy, when three nomadic vampires —	—	PUNCT	James	PROPN	 James
The company struggled to fund the work, and construction did not begin until 1898. In 1900, work was hit by the financial collapse of its parent company, the London & Globe Finance Corporation, through the fraud of Whitaker Wright, its main shareholder. In	In	ADP	1902	NUM	 1902
His advance was stopped almost immediately before Serres when the city refused to surrender, and the subsequent siege had to be abandoned after an epidemic killed most of his men, forcing him to retreat into Serbia with a rump force of barely 500 soldiers. Dušan led a	a	DET	more	ADV	 more
Glenn Close is up to the material, but her supporting cast is uniformly disastrous. A pointless and offensive waste of money, time and talent. " A 2005 concert version of the musical, edited down to two hours, but including all of the songs and	and	CCONJ	the	DET	 the
A taxi driver backs up Sienna's alibi and she leaves. Paul asks Mark to steal some police files, hoping to find a lead in Kate's case, but Mark decides against it. Mark witnesses Paul buying a gun and he and Matt Turner (Josef	Josef	PROPN	Brown	PROPN	 Brown
Briefly moving over the warm, shallow waters of the Gulf of Tonkin, Gordon's convective structure tripled in size; however, the system continued to weaken. Later that day, the storm made its final landfall in southern Guangxi Province. Once onshore, Gordon quickly	quickly	ADV	weakened	VERB	 weakened
Historian Paul Prunet was the first to link the animals discussed by Caesar to the Mérens, although the relationship has not been definitely established. The location of the Sotiates is the subject of controversy, with some authors placing them in the district of Nerac and others near	near	ADP	Foix	PROPN	 Foix
The operation was a dismal failure, and Spencer left, broke, in 1912. The steamboat sank in 1921 and now lies in pieces along the Colorado from Glen Canyon to below Lees Ferry. The ferry continued to run until 1928. In 1929 the first Navajo	Navajo	PROPN	Bridge	PROPN	 Bridge
Both the marsh rice rat and O. couesi have 56 chromosomes, lack a gall bladder, and have a complex penis (as is characteristic of the Sigmodontinae) with some traits that are rare among oryzomyines; these characteristics are unknown in the other species of this genus	genus	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
Goeben was retained by the new Turkish government after the war. Only slightly modified from her original configuration, the ship remained on active service with the Turkish Navy until being decommissioned on 20 December 1950; she was stricken from the Navy register on 14 November 1954.	.	PUNCT	Two	NUM	 Two
Walpole could be sensitive about his literary reputation and often took adverse criticism badly. When Hilaire Belloc praised P G Wodehouse as the best English writer of their day, Walpole took it amiss, to the amusement of Wodehouse who regarded Belloc's plaudit as " a gag	gag	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
The album also includes many expletives; David Fricke of the Rolling Stone magazine said " there isn't much shock value left in the words fuck and shit, which Taylor uses in some variation more than forty times in Iowa's sixty six minutes. " Fricke went	went	VERB	on	ADP	 on
This would cause the cooling of the northern hemisphere, and the warming of the southern, causing changes in ice accumulation and melting rates and possibly triggering shelf destruction and Heinrich events (Stocker 1998). Rohling's 2004 Bipolar model suggests that sea level rise lifted buoyant	buoyant	ADJ	ice	NOUN	 ice
During its first run, Bringing Up Baby made $715,000 in the U.S. and $394,000 in foreign markets for a total of $1,109,000; its reissue in 1940 and 1941 made an additional $95,000 in the US and $55,000 in foreign markets. Following its	its	PRON	second	ADJ	 second
In Puerto Rico, a man died after he collapsed from cardiac arrest while trying to install storm shutters on his home. As a tropical wave, the precedent to Omar produced heavy rains over the island, causing minor flooding. After passing by Puerto Rico a second	second	ADJ	time	NOUN	 time
His assists total set a Ducks record that stood for ten years until Ryan Getzlaf recorded 66 in 2008 – 09. He ranked third in point scoring among League scorers, behind Selänne and leader Jaromír Jágr of the Pittsburgh Penguins, while ranking first in the League with	with	ADP	429	NUM	 429
NJ 208 was first plotted in 1929 as Route S4B, a spur off Route 4 that was to run from Fair Lawn northwest through Ringwood, and West Milford to the New York border near Greenwood Lake. This route was to replace what was to be a portion	portion	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
A bus, known as the " Rattler " was introduced around this time, and ran a service through the area. It was, however, very slow and noisy, as its name suggests. The Crewe to Manchester railway was completed in May 1842, and	and	CCONJ	a	DET	 a
The rebuilding of these locomotives as A1 / 1 never happened. Instead, the conversion to A3 standard continued. The A1 / 1 was at first classified as A1, and reclassified as A1 / 1 when Arthur Peppercorn designed and constructed his own Class A1s in 1947	1947	NUM	.	PUNCT	.
The proposal had aimed to get rid of some of the rotten boroughs and give Britain's fast growing industrial towns such as Bristol, Manchester, Birmingham, Bradford and Leeds greater representation in the House of Commons; however there was no rioting in Wells. The water	water	NOUN	which	PRON	 which
JNA activity in Lika was limited to shelling and air raids on Gospić and Otočac, peaking on 4 October. On 1 October, the JNA Banja Luka Corps initiated probing attacks in western Slavonia, presaging a major effort employing the bulk of the corps three days later	later	ADV	.	PUNCT	.
The scene was filmed in Picture Finance's call centre on the outskirts of Newport on an early Sunday morning, with the company's telephonists serving as extras. Exterior shots of Adipose Industries were filmed at the British Gas building (Helmont House) in Cardiff's city	city	NOUN	centre	NOUN	 centre
On May 7, 1941, Roosevelt announced Minton's nomination to the Chicago based Seventh Circuit Court of Appeals. Minton was confirmed unanimously by the Senate on May 12. Minton resigned from his post in the administration, but even after he began working on the court	court	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
The Napoleonic era further institutionalized the secularization of French society. In the latter half of the 19th century, atheism rose to prominence under the influence of rationalistic and freethinking philosophers. Many prominent German philosophers of this era denied the existence of deities and were critical of religion	religion	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
The scene was reanimated so that Homer was dancing naked in the front row. This episode was the only Treehouse of Horror episode that was directed by Mark Kirkland. It was also the last episode Brad Bird worked on; he left the show to direct The Iron	Iron	PROPN	Giant	PROPN	 Giant
Pericci (ペリシー, Perisie) is a 16 year old Lesser Fellpool with more pronounced cat like features including feline ears and fangs. Pericci serves as comedic relief, starting with low stats but gains several powerful techniques. She is voiced by Alicyn Packard in the English	English	ADJ	version	NOUN	 version
Beginning around 864 the three brothers halted their campaigns of conquest in Ireland, and instead campaigned in Britain. Ímar disappears from the Irish Annals in 864, and does not reappear until 870. Downham concludes he is identical to Ivar the Boneless, a Viking leader who	who	PRON	was	AUX	 was
Later releases include Christmas Around the World reaching ZMR's Top 100 Radio Playlist; and One Deep Breath also holding a position on ZMR's Top 100 Radio Chart for over six months. Bill Binkelman writes that while he doubts fans of Liquid Mind or other mainly electronic	electronic	ADJ	new	ADJ	 new
North of the MD 55 intersection, MD 36 meets Interstate 68 at a diamond interchange at exit 34. Near this interchange is God's Ark of Safety, a church famous for its attempt to build a replica of Noah's Ark. Between Midland and Frostburg, the	the	DET	speed	NOUN	 speed
The forward motion of the storm gradually slowed as it intensified and on 19 April, Orson attained Category 3 status on the Australian tropical cyclone intensity scale, classifying Orson as a severe tropical cyclone. Later that day, as the storm attained Category 4 status, an	an	DET	eye	NOUN	 eye
Insane Clown Posse asked Mick Foley to appear in the movie as " Cactus Sac ", a parody of his " Cactus Jack " persona. Cafiero retained the Misfits, Fred Berry, and, at Bruce's request, Harland Williams. The script was written by	by	ADP	Bruce	PROPN	 Bruce
While still a student, in 1893 Monteux was successful in the competition for the chair of first viola of the Concerts Colonne, of which he became assistant conductor and choirmaster the following year. This gave him a link via the orchestra's founder, Édouard Colonne,	,	PUNCT	to	ADP	 to
They agreed to travel together by boat, while another small group herded livestock overland, to their respective settlements. On May 16, 1799, the group, consisting of Hudson, Darrow, Blin, McKinley and Tappan, traveled north to Lake Ontario. Departing in	in	ADP	several	ADJ	 several
Villa Park was chosen as the venue for two pool matches in the 2015 Rugby World Cup. The first was a Pool B match between South Africa and Samoa on September 26, 2015 with South Africa easily winning 46 - 6 with 39,526 in attendance. The second	second	ADJ	was	AUX	 was
They are occasionally observed anting. The noisy miner engages in most activities in a group. Roosting, foraging, preening, bathing and dust bathing or anting are communal activities. Dawn song is a communal chorus, particularly during the breeding season. The communal interaction is	is	AUX	facilitated	VERB	 facilitated
He grew up in the affluent Chicago suburb of Lake Forest and attended Lake Forest Academy, Phillips Exeter Academy in Exeter, New Hampshire, and Princeton University. All four boys, James, Stever, David, and George, went to Lake Forest Academy, Exeter	Exeter	PROPN	and	CCONJ	 and
The first dent in this stability came about in 1607, with the Case of Prohibitions. James VI and I claimed that as monarch, he had a divine right to sit as a judge and interpret the common law as he saw fit. Led by Sir Edward	Edward	PROPN	Coke	PROPN	 Coke
In contrast, Buena Vista appears to have been lightly occupied. La Trinidad de Nosotros also underwent major expansion in the Late Preclassic and became larger and more important than Motul de San José, with its architectural layout being finalised in this period – later Classic period construction	construction	NOUN	was	AUX	 was
In that decade, Atlanta's white population grew from 31% to 38% of the city's population, an absolute increase of 22,753 people, more than triple the increase that occurred between 1990 and 2000. Out of the total population five years and older,	,	PUNCT	83.3	NUM	 83.3
Iron Duke was undamaged in the accident. The typical routine of gunnery drills and squadron exercises occurred in January. The fleet departed for a cruise in the North Sea on 26 February; Jellicoe had intended to use the Harwich Force to sweep the Heligoland Bight, but	but	CCONJ	bad	ADJ	 bad
Pellew's first action, during the spring of 1806, was to deploy several frigates to the Java Sea with instructions to reconnoitre the Dutch squadron and its main port at Batavia. The first British ship to reach the Java Sea was the 32 gun frigate HMS Greyhound	Greyhound	PROPN	under	ADP	 under
It had a black band at the base of its slightly hooked beak, and its neck and legs were long. Both sexes were highly territorial, with large bony knobs on their wings that were used in combat. The Rodrigues solitaire laid a single egg, that	that	PRON	was	AUX	 was
I'm not proud of it. " Stephen Lewis was coming into his own during this period. In 1963, at the age of 26, he was elected to the Legislative Assembly of Ontario. Following the engineered 1970 resignation of Donald C. MacDonald, Stephen was	was	AUX	elected	VERB	 elected
Potter noted in a letter that the words occasionally brought inquiries about their meaning. As of 2010, all 23 of Potter's small format books remain in print, and are available as complete sets in presentation boxes. A 400 page omnibus edition is also available.	.	PUNCT	Mrs.	PROPN	 Mrs.
Frederick Thomas and Roger Pinkney, who had both worked with Scott, produced a simplified design that gave the opportunity for a large west window. Created by Carl Edwards and based on the theme of the Benedicite, the window consists of a round headed window at the	the	DET	top	NOUN	 top
" The Time Out Film Guide described Laserblast as a rip off of Dr. Jekyll and Mr. Hyde, and said Billy's reign of destruction seemed random and senseless rather than driven by plot or characterization. The review called the film " the epitome of what Frank Zappa	Zappa	PROPN	once	ADV	 once
For the group's performance, the stage was made to resemble their Zoo TV stage. The following day, the band participated in a demonstration organised by Greenpeace in which protesters landed on the beach at Sellafield in rubber dinghies and displayed 700 placards for the waiting media	media	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
Recommended for hospital acquired pneumonia include third- and fourth generation cephalosporins, carbapenems, fluoroquinolones, aminoglycosides, and vancomycin. These antibiotics are often given intravenously and used in combination. In those treated in hospital, more than 90% improve with the initial antibiotics. Neuraminidase inhibitors	inhibitors	NOUN	may	AUX	 may
Around 40 years later, in 1886, Gaston Maspero unsuccessfully searched for the entrance of the subterranean passages of the pyramid, which was discovered in 1896 by Jacques de Morgan. The latter undertook excavations of the pyramid but stopped after clearing the first few steps of the	the	DET	descending	VERB	 descending
In June 2014, Time estimated that the total search effort to that point had cost approximately US $70 million. The tender for the underwater search is AU $52 million (US $43 million or €35 million) — shared by Australia and Malaysia —	—	PUNCT	for	ADP	 for
As chair, McCain has tried to maintain a bipartisan approach and has forged a good relationship with ranking member Jack Reed. In April 2015, McCain announced that he would run for a sixth term in Arizona's 2016 Senate election. While there was still conservative and	and	CCONJ	Tea	PROPN	 Tea
The storm formed near Cape Verde on August 4 and crossed the Atlantic, turning northward around Bermuda before being absorbed by an extratropical while situated southeast of Newfoundland. Irene persisted for 14 days as a tropical system, the longest duration of any storm of the 2005 season	season	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
On October 29, 2009, " Bad Romance " debuted on the Irish Singles Chart at number 20; it reached the top in its seventh week. On the Canadian Hot 100, " Bad Romance " debuted at number 58. The following week it reached number	number	NOUN	one	NUM	 one
Despite this, he was sacked in 2009 and replaced by former England winger John Barnes, whose only previous domestic managerial experience was with Celtic 10 years earlier. It was whilst Barnes was manager that long serving Kitman, Mark Trevor, ended his 12 year ' Labour	Labour	PROPN	of	ADP	 of
" He also believed the Ladder of Love match was another " highlight of the show " despite the " terrible angle that has surrounded the feud between the two over SoCal Val. " He said the two competitors " busted their asses " but that the match "	"	PUNCT	should	AUX	 should
Oxford were coached by Tom Cottingham Edwards Moss (who rowed for the Dark Blues four times between the 1875 and the 1878 races) and William Grenfell (who represented Oxford in the 1877 and 1878 races). Herbert Edward Rhodes was the Cambridge coach; he had	had	AUX	rowed	VERB	 rowed
Since choanoflagellates are thought to be animals ' closest single celled relatives, a team of scientists examined the biochemistry and genes of one choanoflagellate species. They concluded that this species could not produce 24 isopropylcholesterol but that investigation of a wider range of choanoflagellates would be necessary in	in	ADP	order	NOUN	 order
In 1990, a black and white warning label reading " Parental Advisory: Explicit Lyrics " was introduced as a standard for affected records to follow, and was to be placed on the bottom right hand section of a given product. By May 1992, approximately 225	225	NUM	records	NOUN	 records
According to Anthony, he originally had no desire to record in Spanish and turned down an offer by RMM manager Ralph Mercado to record an album in salsa. During a taxi ride, Anthony heard Gabriel's " Hasta Que Te Conocí " on the radio and was	was	AUX	compelled	VERB	 compelled
Reviewers also enjoyed the wide variety of weapons and the multi objective based missions, stating that they make the game stay " fresh by never having you do the same thing twice ". The controls were praised for their precision and were said to be more intuitive than	than	SCONJ	Acclaim	PROPN	 Acclaim
The venue has hosted the FIS Ski Jumping Continental Cup four times, in 2000, 2002, 2010 and 2011. In February 2006, the venue hosted two FIS Cup competitions in the normal hill. In January 2007, Courchevel hosted two rounds of a FIS organized	organized	VERB	junior	ADJ	 junior
The A and the B♭ instruments have nearly identical tonal quality, although the A typically has a slightly warmer sound. The tone of the E♭ clarinet is brighter than that of the lower clarinets and can be heard even through loud orchestral or concert band textures	textures	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
Macdonald was willing to see some reciprocity with the United States, but was reluctant to lower many tariffs. American advocates of what they dubbed " commercial union " saw it as a prelude to political union, and did not scruple to say so, causing additional controversy	controversy	NOUN	in	ADP	 in
In turn, they nominated Lon Nol, a military general who shared their political sympathies, as prime minister. However, their choice did not sit well with Sihanouk. To counterbalance conservative and right wing influence, in October 1966 Sihanouk set up a shadow government made	made	VERB	up	ADP	 up
At the age of 6, Ashida became the youngest lead actress in a Japanese television drama in the special television drama cum movie Sayonara Bokutachi no Youchien in 2011. In the spring drama season, she became the youngest actress in a drama series when she starred in	in	ADP	the	DET	 the
This offered various advantages for cooling, control and the ability to draw off plutonium that was produced. Paneth, Goldschmidt and others experimented with methods of preparing such a uranium compound, but none could be found with the required density. They considered using enriched uranium,	,	PUNCT	but	CCONJ	 but
Maximian's campaigns were not proceeding as smoothly. The Bagaudae had been easily suppressed, but Carausius, the man he had put in charge of operations against Saxon and Frankish pirates on the Saxon Shore, had, according to literary sources, begun keeping the goods seized	seized	VERB	from	ADP	 from
Let these stripes, in the order indicated, be horizontal. But the colors and their order we must preserve, especially because all three of these colors are also in the Coat of Arms of Bessarabia, which represents, if we eliminate the border made up of	of	ADP	the	DET	 the
Known material of Dermotherium includes a handful of jaw fragments and isolated teeth. Dermotherium major is known only from a fragment of the left lower jaw bearing the third lower molar (m3) and a poorly preserved second lower molar (m2). The holotype of Dermotherium	Dermotherium	PROPN	chimaera	NOUN	 chimaera
In the reserve race, Cambridge's Goldie won by five and a half lengths in a time of 17 minutes and 55 seconds, their second consecutive victory. Oxford won the 43rd Women's Boat Race with their third victory in four years. The Beefeater Gin Trophy	Trophy	PROPN	was	AUX	 was
In a video published on December 9, 2011 via Hennigan's personal YouTube channel, Hennigan claimed that he was taking time off to heal and retrain for a possible return to wrestling in the future. Hennigan also stated in multiple interviews in 2015 that he would consider	consider	VERB	going	VERB	 going
It was downgraded from a severe thunderstorm and proceeded to move further off the coast for another 15 minutes while gaining speed to around 37 km / h (23 mph). The storm then veered northward at 5: 40 pm and continued parallel to the coast.	.	PUNCT	Around	ADP	 Around
In a report on municipal wireless networks by The Wall Street Journal, Minneapolis's was singled out as being " a success story ", with the publication explaining that the concept of having the city as the anchor tenant was a good one. The article cited the	the	DET	wireless	ADJ	 wireless
WhatCulture! reviewer Joseph Kratzer gave the episode four stars out of five, praising the episode for making the previously unsuccessful Oscar Senator storyline and the Andy's bankrupt family storyline entertaining. He also complimented the fact that Jim and Pam's bickering from the previous episode was	was	AUX	not	PART	 not
" The video premiered on March 16, 2009 on Lovato's MySpace account and was made available for digital download on the iTunes Store on April 7, 2009. In an interview with PopEater, Lovato said of the video, " It was actually really freezing cold	cold	ADJ	[	X	 [
Kimball died shortly after 10: 00 pm on November 5, 1985, at age 90. One of Kimball's final utterances, which he repeated several times in the days before his death, was: " My life is at an end now. She's	's	AUX	so	ADV	 so
It is the fourth single from the album and was released in Australia in March 2008. The band's publicist, Ms. Fanclub, announced on 27 February that the single would be released to radioplay in the following week, without specifying a date. In her announcement	announcement	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
Like Taylor, Kirkham had selected his method of execution with the goal of inconveniencing the state. On January 25, 1996, Taylor spent his final evening sharing his pizza with his uncle Gordon Lee while joined by former attorney Ed Brass and Catholic priest Reyes Rodriguez,	,	PUNCT	who	PRON	 who
Preproduction began in the second half of 2008. Lead character artist Björn Albihn described Fortress as " a game with an epic scale both in story and production values. " The project was developed on a game engine compatible with Microsoft Windows, PlayStation 3, and Xbox	Xbox	PROPN	360	NUM	 360
These exits were opened following an additional delay to complete the escalators. Adams Street was widened from 100 feet to 160 feet in the 1950s to accommodate new ramps to the Brooklyn Bridge, and now carries carries the secondary name " Brooklyn Bridge Boulevard ". The current	current	ADJ	exit	NOUN	 exit
He fired at 600 yards as the enemy accelerated to escape. His fire slowed the Fw 190; catching up with it, the Fw 190 was hit again and crashed: its wreckage strewn over three fields. The Focke Wulf was his 27th victory. There was	was	VERB	evidence	NOUN	 evidence
They formed a " Committee of 100 " to decide on a candidate, hoping to avoid internal dissensions which had led to Voorhis victories. After the committee failed to attract higher profile candidates, Herman Perry, Whittier's Bank of America branch manager, suggested Nixon,	,	PUNCT	a	DET	 a
There were numerous well documented war crimes against civilians and prisoners of war perpetrated by Serb and Yugoslav forces in Croatia: the Dalj killings, the Lovas massacre, the Široka Kula massacre, the Baćin massacre, the Saborsko massacre, the Škabrnja massacre, the Voćin massacre	massacre	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
On March 5, the National Association of Basketball Coaches honored Turner as a District 7 (Big Ten) first team selection along with four other sophomores. He was also chosen on March 10 by the U.S. Basketball Writers Association for its 2008 – 09 Men's Division	Division	PROPN	I	PROPN	 I
A more basic manifestation of the same effect involves two bodies that are falling side by side towards the Earth. In a reference frame that is in free fall alongside these bodies, they appear to hover weightlessly – but not exactly so. These bodies are not falling	falling	VERB	in	ADP	 in
" is the twelfth episode of the first season of the American animated television series Adventure Time. The episode was written and storyboarded by Bert Youn and Sean Jimenez, from a story by Adam Muto. It originally aired on Cartoon Network on March 18, 2010 as	as	ADP	a	DET	 a
William and Catherine had six children, most of whom married into the nobility. Modern historians have called William Montague Edward's " most intimate personal friend " and " the chief influence behind the throne from Mortimer's downfall in 1330 until his own death in 1344.	.	PUNCT	"	PUNCT	 "
He criticized the bland environments and awkward movements for enemy units and the playable character, but praised the design of the dragon. Game Informer was more positive, praising the graphical detail and cutscenes and the look of enemy units, despite finding pop up issues and framerate	framerate	ADJ	dips	NOUN	 dips
Denmark will participate with the Danish frigate HDMS Esbern Snare and the Danish government has hired in the civilian cargo ship Ark Futura for the mission. The United States will destroy the highest priority chemicals, which were scheduled for removal from Syria by 31 December, on board	board	NOUN	the	DET	 the
A number of cast members have played multiple roles in the series, and in other British soap operas and dramas. There are numerous actors who have either appeared on The Bill for some considerable length of time, or on whose careers The Bill has made a significant	significant	ADJ	impact	NOUN	 impact
The production opened on September 29, 1931 in New York, but was stopped after just 39 performances due to the effects of the Depression. Grant's role in Nikki was praised by Ed Sullivan of The New York Daily News, who noted that the " young	young	ADJ	lad	NOUN	 lad
Much of the band's music was, as music historian Richie Unterberger described it, possessed of " an eerie and sometimes anguished ambiance ", and, early on, mainly consisted of material by songwriters Annette Tucker and Nancie Mantz, though the group also penned their	their	PRON	own	ADJ	 own
Stanton said that by taking away effort to work, the robots also take away humanity's need to put effort into relationships. Christian journalist Rod Dreher saw technology as the complicated villain of the film. The humans ' artificial lifestyle on the Axiom has separated them from	from	ADP	nature	NOUN	 nature
In July, 2006, a game used Jack Youngblood jersey sold for $6,565 in an online auction. Fox News ' Mike Straka listed Youngblood as having one of the NFL's " Great names ″. In 2007 Sports Illustrated named Youngblood the greatest professional athlete to wear	wear	VERB	the	DET	 the
Herodotus, who evidently has a rather negative view of him, suggests that Aristagoras simply lost his nerve and fled. By the sixth year of the revolt (494 BC), the Persian forces had regrouped. The available land forces were gathered into one army,	,	PUNCT	and	CCONJ	 and
In 2002, the Salt Lake Tribune interviewed the mayor of Richfield about the change I 70 brought to the Sevier Valley. Previously these were isolated farming communities, whose residents felt they were unaccustomed to the crime and other effects that a transcontinental highway can bring. Residents	Residents	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
Artistically, we can do anything we want. " An early draft of the screenplay was written by Chris Conkling, who told the bulk of the story in flashback, from Merry Brandybuck's point of view. After Bakshi and Zaentz saw Conkling's first draft,	,	PUNCT	fantasy	NOUN	 fantasy
Similarly, Australian Strategic Policy Institute analyst Mark Thomson wrote in 2008 that " the breakneck speed with which the C 17 acquisition was executed (and the good outcomes of the acquisition) provides an example of what can be achieved " through off the shelf purchasing, and	and	CCONJ	that	SCONJ	 that
English Heritage has listed the church at Grade I because of its architectural and historical importance. The churchyard has many old tombs and monuments, including writer Mark Lemon's grave and an elaborately decorated table tomb, which is listed separately by English Heritage at Grade II.	.	PUNCT	Further	ADJ	 Further
Following her grandmother's death in 1669, Anne lived with an aunt, Henrietta Anne, Duchess of Orléans. On the sudden death of her aunt in 1670, Anne returned to England. Her mother died the following year. As was traditional in the royal family	family	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
The Joint Typhoon Warning Center (JTWC) estimated peak 1 minute winds of 280 km / h (175 mph), equivalent to Category 5 on the Saffir Simpson scale and tied only with Agnielle from November 1995 as the strongest on record in the south west Indian	Indian	PROPN	Ocean	PROPN	 Ocean
The fastest modern Forths use subroutine threading, insert simple words as macros, and perform peephole optimization or other optimizing strategies to make the code smaller and faster. When a word is a variable or other data object, the CF points to the runtime code associated with	with	ADP	the	DET	 the
Since the mid 20th century, American popular culture has strongly influenced Australia, particularly through television and cinema. Other cultural influences come from neighbouring Asian countries, and through large scale immigration from non English speaking nations. The rock art of Australia's Indigenous peoples is the	the	DET	oldest	ADJ	 oldest
Another Sibelius scholar, Timo Virtanen, has examined the same material and is more restrained, concluding that although some of the sketches may relate to the Eighth Symphony, it is not possible to determine exactly which, if any, these are. Even the fragment marked	marked	VERB	"	PUNCT	 "
The Savile Row Bespoke Association was founded in 2004 to protect and develop bespoke tailoring as practised in Savile Row and the surrounding streets. The member tailors are typically required to put at least 50 hours of hand labour into each two piece suit. The Association, along	along	ADP	with	ADP	 with
The new ownership group had made it their personal mission to win a championship. Major League Baseball changed its scheduling format beginning in 2001, further intensifying division matchups throughout the league. The new " unbalanced schedule " allowed for additional games in each season between divisional rivals	rivals	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
Users were selected at random to receive invitations and codes to purchase tickets on November 21. Citi card members also had access to the pre sale starting November 22. According to Gaga, playing at the Roseland Ballroom was always a dream of hers. She explained to	to	ADP	John	PROPN	 John
The steep mountainsides return north of the community, however, as SR 11 follows Chuckanut Bay to the southern outskirts of Bellingham. Here, the highway briefly parallels Bellingham Bay as it leaves the rural mountains for the city's densely populated Fairhaven district. The route initially	initially	ADV	heads	VERB	 heads
Though these characters and items were not presented in the same context, their general traits survived the transition. Gil, confirmed by Kato to be Magus, was also going to be featured in Chrono Cross. This idea was scrapped due to difficulties in representing the story	story	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
And when those forced revelations concern matters that are unorthodox, unpopular, or even hateful to the general public, the reaction in the life of the witness may be disastrous. " In its 1958 decision in Kent v. Dulles, the Supreme Court halted the State Department	Department	PROPN	from	ADP	 from
The album's commercial success led music critics to call the album the " breakthrough " recording of her musical career. One of its singles, " Como La Flor ", became one of her most popular signature songs. Live! (1993) won Best Mexican	Mexican	ADJ	/	SYM	 /
And I found other people misunderstanding what I myself was saying when I was saying something pointed and direct ". At the beginning of 1946, Cage met Gita Sarabhai, an Indian musician who came to the United States concerned about Western influence on the music of her	her	PRON	country	NOUN	 country
He identified the mystery left in Francis Haddock's parchments to be another appearance of Tintin's adventures being " framed by enigmas ". To this he adds that in solving the enigma, Tintin shows that he is " the best reader " in the series, and	and	CCONJ	it	PRON	 it
The date's accuracy was confirmed by Liang's study of the building which matched with known information about Tang buildings. Unlike most other Chinese temples which are oriented in a south north position, the Foguang temple is oriented in an east west position due to there being	being	AUX	mountains	NOUN	 mountains
Piller initially thought to write a Fountain of Youth type story, later saying, " Everybody's consumed with images of youth. There's commercials, plastic surgery – our culture seems obsessed with youth. " He called the initial treatment " Heart of Lightness ".	.	PUNCT	Eric	PROPN	 Eric
Uma S. Maheshwari of The Hindu included " Pudhiya Vaanam " in her list of the " Immortal songs of TMS ", and also among lyricist Vaali's best songs in their collection, " Best of Vaali: From 1964 - 2013 ". " Rajavin Parvai "	"	PUNCT	was	AUX	 was
Right after the success of Pee wee's Big Adventure Reubens began working with Paramount Pictures on a sequel entitled Big Top Pee wee. Reubens and George McGrath's script was directed by Grease director Randal Kleiser. The film was not as successful as its predecessor, receiving	receiving	VERB	mild	ADJ	 mild
Funding was cut heavily, and training opportunities were also reduced. This, combined with economic pressure caused by the Great Depression, which made it difficult for part time soldiers to maintain their livelihoods while continuing their training commitments, meant that the number of volunteers fell sharply	sharply	ADV	.	PUNCT	.
Originally the students who ran with Ralphie were called “ The Men Who Run with Ralphie. ” In the 1970 ’ s the term for the students changed to Ralphie Runners, as a direct representation of the feat that they did with Ralphie at each game. As	As	SCONJ	the	DET	 the
FAMU had regular courses in French, German, physical education and mathematics, which it offered to its nearly 100 members. The political and civic limitations that threatened these women's careers was clearly a concern and the organization's official statement supported enfranchisement as " not a	a	DET	mere	ADJ	 mere
Rena Greek was born in Jacksonville, Florida. She was active in her youth and was interested in activities such as gymnastics, horseback riding, and softball. After winning her first beauty pageant at twelve years of age, she eventually became a model in 1990,	,	PUNCT	working	VERB	 working
In 1995, Laurie Godfrey estimated a mass of 197.5 kg (435 lb) using the midshaft circumferences of the humerus and femur. Based on multiple regressions of the cortical area of the femur in 2008, Jungers and colleagues generated the current best estimate of 161.2 kg	kg	NOUN	(	PUNCT	 (
The club's senior team competes in the League of Ireland Premier Division and it is the most successful club in the Republic of Ireland. The club has won the League of Ireland title a record 17 times and the FAI Cup a record 24 times. Shamrock Rovers	Rovers	PROPN	have	AUX	 have
Around a quarter of the audience rushed for the exits with confusion and anger written over their faces, and those who remained tried to hiss down the ' spectacle ', while the conductor Georg Schnéevoigt drove the orchestra to extremes of volume. This whole intermezzo underlined the	the	DET	humoristic	ADJ	 humoristic
The band's " O Tannenbaum " single was recorded during a sound check on the tour. The track would later reappear on the They Might Be Giants in Holidayland EP, released in 2001. A short video promoting Apollo 18 was produced by Elektra Records, in	in	ADP	the	DET	 the
The former has been preferred by the Rail Administration, while the latter — which would cost NOK 1 billion more — has been preferred by the municipality. There are no intermediate commuter stations between Skøyen and Lysaker, so there is little regularity or speed potential to gain	gain	VERB	from	ADP	 from
This debt is considered of utmost importance along with a person's debt to his gurus and his parents. The shraddha is performed on the specific lunar day during the Pitru Paksha, when the ancestor — usually a parent or paternal grandparent — died. There are exceptions	exceptions	NOUN	to	ADP	 to
So immigrants who had newly acquired land were not enfranchised as were not most of the rural ethnically Polish farmers, who still held land by way of lease or feudal fief only like serfs or vassals of their landlords, unlike Prussia proper where serfdom had been abolished in	in	ADP	1807	NUM	 1807
Born in Belhelvie, Aberdeenshire, he was the fourth son of Colonel Thomas Lumsden CB. He studied at Addiscombe Military Seminary, before officially joining military service as an ensign in the 60th Bengal Native Infantry in 1847. From 1852 to 1857 he served on the North	North	PROPN	West	PROPN	 West
Raffald is however not afraid to use foreign words for new techniques, as " to fricassee Lamb Stones ", " to barbecue a Pig ", " Bouillie Beef ", " Ducks a la mode ", " To fricando Pigeons ", " To ragoo Mushrooms	Mushrooms	NOUN	"	PUNCT	 "
His son claimed that, until about four years before he died, his father was healthy enough to drive his car into town every day. Hardy's longevity was also credited to a daily meal that consisted of cabbage, corn bread, butter milk, potatoes and	and	CCONJ	Dr	PROPN	 Dr
" The former refers to an American rock band, which is later also featured on the marquee of an exterior shot of a Wamapoke casino. (The extended cut replaces Matchbox Twenty with Rachael Ray in both instances.) Ann claims that, while distraught from her	her	PRON	breakup	NOUN	 breakup
The meeting took place in February 1901 and resolved " that it was desirable in the interests of North Staffordshire to form a federation of local authorities ", thereby indicating a preference for implementation the county plan. Legal opinion sought suggested that the county plan was unlikely to	to	PART	succeed	VERB	 succeed
The rhynchocoel is a coelom, as it is lined by epithelium. The proboscis is an infolding of the body wall, and sits in the rhynchocoel when inactive. When muscles in the wall of the rhynchocoel compress the fluid in the rhynchocoel, the pressure makes the	the	DET	proboscis	PROPN	 proboscis
Focussing predominately on songs from Spirit (2007) and Glassheart (2012), the concert was largely acoustic music with a band and string quartet. In particular Joyce praised Lewis ' performances of " First Time Ever I Saw Your Face " and " Bleeding Love "	"	PUNCT	which	PRON	 which
In 1167 the King of Leinster, Diarmait Mac Murchada, who had been driven out of his kingdom, had asked Rhys to release Robert Fitz Stephen from captivity to take part in an expedition to Ireland. Rhys did not oblige at the time, but released him	him	PRON	the	DET	 the
The main point of disagreement was the Kaczyńskis ’ focus on rooting out those who had been involved in communist rule and their party's attempt to make public all the files of the former communist secret police. Until then only members of the government and parliament had to	to	PART	declare	VERB	 declare
The squadron was assigned to Admiral Beatty's Battlecruiser Fleet which had put to sea to intercept a sortie by the High Seas Fleet into the North Sea. The British were able to decode the German radio messages and left their bases before the Germans put to sea.	.	PUNCT	Admiral	PROPN	 Admiral
He also became the fourth rider to win the Amstel Gold Race while wearing the rainbow jersey; the others were Eddy Merckx, Jan Raas and Bernard Hinault. He described the race as " an amazing day " and said that it " [put] the dot	dot	NOUN	on	ADP	 on
No portraits of her are known to exist; an idealized likeness is featured on a statue in Kingston and on a Canadian stamp issued in 1986. Little is known for certain about Molly Brant's early life. Named Mary, but commonly known as " Molly "	"	PUNCT	,	PUNCT	,
The reaction of reviewers and readers to the first two books in the series, Shikasta and The Marriages Between Zones Three, Four and Five, prompted Lessing to write in the Preface to the third book in the series, The Sirian Experiments (1980): I would	would	AUX	so	ADV	 so
A review by JeuxVideo.com also noted several improvements in the combat system over the prior game, but felt that battles could turn into a chaotic mass of attacks and numbers. Parsons of RPGamer also called out the Ring system as being flawed, as he found it frustrating	frustrating	ADJ	that	SCONJ	 that
Held annually, the Boat Race is a side by side rowing race between crews from the Universities of Oxford and Cambridge along the River Thames. In a race umpired by the former Cambridge rower and coach Harold Rickett, Oxford won by three lengths in a time of	of	ADP	22	NUM	 22
Morrison returned to Los Alamos, where he remained until 1946. He turned down an offer from Ernest O. Lawrence to return to Berkeley, and instead accepted an invitation from Hans Bethe to join him at the physics faculty at Cornell University. After surveying the destruction left	left	VERB	by	ADP	 by
Captain Hornby of the 4th (Royal Irish) Dragoon Guards is reputed to have been the first British soldier to kill a German soldier, using his sword, and Drummer Edward Thomas of the same regiment is reputed to have fired the first British shot shortly after 06	06	NUM	:	SYM	:
Throughout the day the Australians worked to outflank the position before launching an attack at 3: 15 pm. During this action, one of the 2 / 9th's sections was held up by fire from three Japanese machine gun positions. Corporal John French ordered the other	other	ADJ	members	NOUN	 members
Based on population, the county is the 8th smallest county of the 92 in Indiana. Although no interstate highways are located in Blackford County, three Indiana state roads cross the county, and an additional state road is located along the county's southeast border. The	The	DET	county	NOUN	 county
When last assessed in 2007, the population trend was stable. Constant persecution of the species and drainage of wetland habitat prior to development has taken a heavy toll on local populations. Despite this, it remains a common species in many areas. In Indiana, the	the	DET	cottonmouth	NOUN	 cottonmouth
La Niña has the following effects: often dry conditions prevail in late fall, winter and early spring, increased risk of wildfires in spring and summer months, the temperatures average slightly above normal, and the chance of hurricane activity increases substantially. Long term forecasts are	are	AUX	made	VERB	 made
" Good Vibrations " established a new method of operation for Wilson. Instead of working on whole songs with clear large scale syntactical structures, Wilson limited himself to recording short interchangeable fragments (or " modules "). Through the method of tape splicing, each fragment	fragment	NOUN	could	AUX	 could
Since the cost of replacement of damaged leaves is higher in conditions where resources are scarce, it may also be that plants growing in areas where water and nutrients are scarce may invest more resources into anti herbivore defenses. Our understanding of herbivory in geological time comes from	from	ADP	three	NUM	 three
Early in its duration, Greta produced heavy rainfall in the Netherlands Antilles. With a similar path to Hurricane Fifi four years prior, Greta threatened to reproduce the devastating effects of the catastrophic storm; however, damage and loss of life was significantly less than feared.	.	PUNCT	In	ADP	 In
Kali properly transliterated from Sanskrit is Kālī, which should not be confused with the common Sanskrit word properly transliterated as kali, meaning " terrible ". They are grammatically unrelated, the first being nominal / ablative the latter adjectival. Frequent confusion comes in interpreting the kali	kali	PROPN	yuga	PROPN	 yuga
Ramírez was traded to the Kansas City Royals on March 26, 2008, for a player to be named later (Jorge de la Rosa). He posted a 0.66 ERA through his first 13 games with the Royals, but his ERA rose to 3.49 after he	he	PRON	posted	VERB	 posted
Morkel bowled a full ball which was pushed by Warne to point. He ran for a single, but Raina hit the stumps, running out off striker Pathan. Pathan went out scoring a half century; he made 56 runs out off 39 balls with a strike	strike	NOUN	rate	NOUN	 rate
Other ocean currents redistribute heat between land and water on a more regional scale. The density and type of vegetation coverage affects solar heat absorption, water retention, and rainfall on a regional level. Alterations in the quantity of atmospheric greenhouse gases determines the amount of solar	solar	ADJ	energy	NOUN	 energy
The extension of the bypass was intended to provide access to a growing industrial park. In 1966, plans were made to make the portion of the Warren Street Bypass through the Glenside neighborhood of Reading limited access by eliminating at grade intersections with local streets, resulting in	in	ADP	the	DET	 the
There were numerous instances of death from drinking poisoned or fouled water (there were still many unburied, decomposing corpses inside the ruins). In one instance, desperate Robinsons were driven to drink their own urine and subsequently died. The coming of winter improved the water	water	NOUN	situation	NOUN	 situation
At the location of present day University of Montana, the lake once had a depth of 950 feet (290 m). The Clark Fork River enters the Missoula Valley from the east through Hellgate Canyon after joining the nearby Blackfoot River at the site of the former	former	ADJ	Milltown	PROPN	 Milltown
It's not trying to glorify that type of relationship. The bad parts of it, that's what you don't want. In the end, her leaving, it represents her getting that out of her life. The drugs and the addiction and the toxic	toxic	ADJ	—	PUNCT	 —
Mirkin later said that recording with the McCartneys was one of the most " amazing " experiences of his life. He flew to London and met the couple at Paul McCartney's recording studio, where the McCartneys spent an hour recording their parts. Simpsons creator Matt Groening	Groening	PROPN	was	AUX	 was
Some of the most vocal critics of end time conspiracy theories come from within Christianity. In 1993, historian Bruce Barron wrote a stern rebuke of apocalyptic Christian conspiracism in the Christian Research Journal, when reviewing Robertson's 1991 book The New World Order. Another critique can	can	AUX	be	AUX	 be
Tornadoes which occur near the time of sunset can be many different colors, appearing in hues of yellow, orange, and pink. Dust kicked up by the winds of the parent thunderstorm, heavy rain and hail, and the darkness of night are all factors which	which	PRON	can	AUX	 can
This injury became infected and left him permanently lame. Although affected by his physical deformities, Merrick attended school and enjoyed a close relationship with his mother. She was a Sunday school teacher, and his father worked as an engine driver at a cotton factory, as	as	ADV	well	ADV	 well
In January 1975, he lost his job due to the economic recession, but was able to secure a job as an office boy at J. Aron and Company, a commodities trading corporation based in Wall Street. Buczynski's continuing disagreements with senior members of the CES	CES	PROPN	led	VERB	 led
Despite predictions of it intensifying to a strong tropical storm, it failed to strengthen due to strong wind shear, and on August 22 the depression dissipated. Hurricane Fabian developed from a tropical wave on August 27 in the tropical Atlantic Ocean. Tracking west northwestward around the	the	DET	subtropical	ADJ	 subtropical
The year after their return from the trip Steinbeck and Ricketts published Sea of Cortez: A Leisurely Journal of Travel and Research, in which Steinbeck combined the daily journals of the trip with Ricketts ' annotated specimen list. The title " Sea of Cortez " was preferred	preferred	VERB	to	ADP	 to
The American alligator has also suffered serious declines from hunting and habitat loss throughout its range, threatening it with extinction. In 1967 it was listed as an endangered species, but the United States Fish and Wildlife Service and state wildlife agencies in the Southern United States stepped	stepped	VERB	in	ADV	 in
Exhibition of her first works produced immediate results: the French government purchased one of her pictures of the market in Tangiers, and in 1913 she again had paintings displayed at the Paris Salon. The purchase by the French government was of a pastel drawing, Grande marche	marche	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
One day, the king decides to take a drive with his daughter. The cat persuades his master to remove his clothes and enter the river which their carriage passes. The cat disposes of his master's clothing beneath a rock. As the royal coach nears,	,	PUNCT	the	DET	 the
It was during the months of spring 1819 that he wrote many of his major odes. Following the month of May 1819, he began to tackle other forms of poetry, including a play, some longer pieces, and a return to his unfinished epic, Hyperion	Hyperion	PROPN	.	PUNCT	.
On 8 September 2010 the 75th anniversary of the first opening of the Lido was celebrated at the pool. Uxbridge originally formed a chapelry within the parish of Hillingdon. It was split off as a separate civil parish in 1866, and became part of the Uxbridge Urban	Urban	PROPN	District	PROPN	 District
She found the illustration of a group of Malaysians huddled under an umbrella, taking shelter from a rain of xenophobic phrases, full of profound sadness. Lat's works have been used in academic studies — the fields of which are diverse, spanning law, urban planning	planning	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
This population appears to be in decline: in 1988 it was estimated as containing from 500 to 800 plants, but a 2001 survey found only 198 adults, 1 seedling, and 286 dead plants; and a 2004 survey found 135 adults, no seedlings, and	and	CCONJ	174	NUM	 174
The storms remnants transitioned into an extratropical cyclone as it continued to the north northeast ahead of an approaching trough, and merged with the remnants of Hurricane Andrew on August 29 over Pennsylvania. The Government of Mexico issued tropical storm watches and warnings for Baja California on August	August	PROPN	21	NUM	 21
Originally planning to create an artificial fal ' Cie, he is dissuaded upon seeing a vision of Serah fighting his creation. He and his assistant Alyssa Zaidelle then use a time capsule to go three hundred and eighty seven years into the future to oversee Hope's New	New	PROPN	Cocoon	PROPN	 Cocoon
Later, he awoke and dispatched his entourage to Nikolayev. On October 16 [O.S. October 5] 1791 Potemkin died in the open steppe, 40 miles from Jassy. Picking up on contemporary rumor, historians such as the Polish Jerzy Łojek have suggested that he was	was	AUX	poisoned	VERB	 poisoned
The importance of colour is linked to Messiaen's synaesthesia, which he said caused him to experience colours when he heard or imagined music (he said that he did not perceive the colours visually). In his multi volume music theory treatise Traité de rythme, de	de	PROPN	couleur	PROPN	 couleur
Sinatra attempted to pursue an acting career in Hollywood in the early 1940s. While films appealed to him, being exceptionally self confident, he was rarely enthusiastic towards his own acting, once remarking that " pictures stink ". Sinatra made his film debut in 1941,	,	PUNCT	performing	VERB	 performing
" However, in her study of Victorian mountaineering, Ann Colley suggests that gender discrimination was more overt at lower elevations and in regular life than at higher elevations, such as in the Himalaya. Colley states, " Away from such petty opinion emanating from society pressures	pressures	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
The soldiers, many poorly dressed, ill equipped and without shoes, faced the cold rain, leading Thomas Paine to compose the pamphlet, The American Crisis, in which he captured the depth of the defeat by describing those days with the words " These are the	the	DET	times	NOUN	 times
Priests who hold an office such as rector would have two tassels on each side. Clergy of the Church of England who were not bishops historically bore arms identical to a layman, with a shield, helm and crest, and no ecclesiastical hat. In England in	in	ADP	1976	NUM	 1976
Recognised assessment methods of attachment styles, difficulties or disorders include the Strange Situation procedure (Mary Ainsworth), the separation and reunion procedure and the Preschool Assessment of Attachment (" PAA "), the Observational Record of the Caregiving Environment (" ORCE ") and	and	CCONJ	the	DET	 the
The Dutch ship initially escaped, but was later captured and its value was eventually included in the prize money paid for Castor. Laforey's success was considered impressive by historian William James, as his ship carried only 28 nine pounder cannon in contrast with L ' Huillier	Huillier	PROPN	's	PART	's
From Reading, PA 83 followed the current alignment of PA 183 to northwest of Bernville, where it headed to the west to Rehrersburg before heading north. In Schubert, the route continued north along the current alignment of PA 183 to Schuylkill Haven. PA 83 followed	followed	VERB	the	DET	 the
It started as the Forest School under the UP College of Agriculture in 1910, making it the oldest forestry school in the Philippines. It is one of the five founding units of UPLB upon its establishment in 1972. The college has been identified as a " Center	Center	PROPN	of	ADP	 of
The Holy Thorn Reliquary was later thought to have been in the possession of Louis I, Duke of Orléans, but all recent writers prefer his brother, the Duke of Berry. Its location is unknown until an inventory of 1544, when it belonged to Holy Roman	Roman	PROPN	Emperor	PROPN	 Emperor
By 22: 15, Hipper was finally able to transfer to Moltke, and then ordered his ships to steam at 20 knots (37 km / h; 23 mph) towards the head of the German line. However, only Moltke and Seydlitz were in condition	condition	NOUN	to	PART	 to
Music critics were initially confused by the line " I wanna have groupies " in the chorus; mistaking the line as saying " I wanna have boobies ". American comedian Ellen DeGeneres also pointed this out when they performed the song on her talk show on September 23	23	NUM	,	PUNCT	,
All three landing gear wheels retracted hydraulically; the main units inwards into the wing center section. The cockpit was situated well aft, which seriously limited forward vision when landing and taxiing. The AM 37 engine was not yet available and the less powerful V 12 Mikulin	Mikulin	PROPN	AM	PROPN	 AM
Washington General Orders (November 1, 1780): Library of Congress, George Washington Papers, Series 3, Subseries G, Letterbook 5. Washington to Morgan (June 13, 1777): Library of Congress, George Washington Papers, Series 4. Washington to Rawlings (	(	PUNCT	March	PROPN	March
Wong, Kan Seng (Minister for Home Affairs), " Speakers ' Corner ", Singapore Parliamentary Debates, Official Report (25 April 2000), vol. 72, cols. 20 – 30. Goh, Ivy (27 March 2001), Speakers '	'	PART	Corner	PROPN	 Corner
These aircraft took off at about midnight on 10 January and began to arrive over Singapore at 08: 20 on 11 January. Only 27 of the attackers struck the docks, and due to heavy anti aircraft fire from Japanese warships in the Straits of Johor the bombers	bombers	NOUN	did	AUX	 did
Following this, the estate was acquired by the Moseley family of Manchester and became known as Cheadle Moseley. Anne Moseley was the last of this family to hold the manor, as her husband could not afford to keep it following her death. It was purchased by	by	ADP	John	PROPN	 John
After a brief shoot in Puerto Rico, with locations in both Palomino Island and the Fort of San Cristóbal in San Juan, production moved to the United Kingdom in September, where principal photography wrapped on November 18 after 106 days of shooting. Locations included Hampton Court	Court	PROPN	Palace	PROPN	 Palace
In Texas, strong winds were reported in the Galveston area, reaching 120 mph (190 km / h). Storm surges between 8 and 12 feet (2.4 and 3.7 m) inundated the entire Galveston Island. Every house sustained damage, with at least 3,636	3,636	NUM	destroyed	VERB	 destroyed
He added that George Giffen considered England's team in the final Test to have been the strongest of the nineteenth century. The bad feeling about the proceeds from the Lord's Test lingered and, at the end of their tour, the Fourth Australians faced more recriminations	recriminations	NOUN	from	ADP	 from
After the album's release in Canada, the band embarked on a tour in that country with Early Man and Trigger Effect in November 2009. February 2010 saw them return to the UK and Europe with Bigelf, and the group spent that spring supporting High on Fire	Fire	PROPN	in	ADP	 in
A reform minded modernizer, he attempted to institute centralization and efficiency in the Indian department, but Congress either failed to respond to his reforms or responded with hostility. Calhoun's frustration with congressional inaction, political rivalries, and ideological differences spurred him to create the Bureau	Bureau	PROPN	of	ADP	 of
But the approach Burges took to its construction was on a grand scale: the floor depths were sufficient to support rooms four or five times their size and the architect Richard Norman Shaw wrote of the concrete foundations as being suitable " for a fortress. " This approach	approach	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
At the 2007 MAKS air show, a number of Chinese delegates were seen taking photos and videos of the Su 35 prototypes. In November 2010, Russia, through Rosoboronexport, was ready to resume talks with China on the sale of the Su 35. China reciprocated	reciprocated	VERB	in	ADP	 in
There had been a mill at Bathpool for several centuries, which had been rebuilt or adapted as required. In March 1812, the structure was burnt down by a fire, caused, according to the Taunton Courier, by " the excessive friction excited in the stones	stones	NOUN	used	VERB	 used
The lowest position in the league that Bristol Rovers reached during the course of the season was 23rd, after the first game, and their highest placing was 6th, after the final game. During the 2006 – 07 season, Rovers used 24 different players, and	and	CCONJ	there	PRON	 there
The first drawings of Bodiam Castle date from the mid 18th century, when it was depicted as a ruin overgrown with ivy. Ruins and medieval buildings such as Bodiam Castle served as an inspiration for the revival in Gothic architecture and the renovation of old structures. The	The	DET	third	ADJ	 third
On February 12, 1952, at the age of 71, his health severely deteriorated due to a heart ailment and he was rushed to Bridgeport Hospital, where he was placed on the danger list and visitors were prohibited from seeing him. Five years later, he	he	PRON	died	VERB	 died
Staff writer Norman Stiles, who also wrote the episode in which Mr. Hooper's death was explained, was assigned to compose the script. Every word of the divorce episode was reviewed by CTW's advisory board, content experts, and developmental psychologists. The episode featured	featured	VERB	Gordon	PROPN	 Gordon
The bonus live tracks are were recorded at The Grove In Anaheim, California, on May 2, 2002, several months following the return of original drummer Dave Lombardo. The extra tracks are packaged in a " blood pack " sleeve, which is decorated with faux	faux	ADJ	blood	NOUN	 blood
The album was first remastered for CD release in 1992, for which former Apple executive Derek Taylor supplied a liner note essay. While viewed as something of a curiosity by rock music critics, Wonderwall Music is recognised for its inventiveness in fusing Western and Eastern sounds,	,	PUNCT	and	CCONJ	 and
The route leaves the rural area, intersecting with U.S. Route 9 (Sandman Boulevard), where the commercial district picks up. County Route 626 heads northward through the short district, entering an area of residences and intersecting with Academy Road (County Route 639).	.	PUNCT	The	DET	 The
They created a rating system for films that started at " harmless " and ended at " condemned ", with the latter denoting a film that was a sin to watch. “ I wish to join the Legion of Decency, which condemns vile and unwholesome moving pictures	pictures	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
She won the contest, and Admiral Edward Howard described her enthusiastically as " the noblest ship of sayle [of any] gret ship, at this howr, that I trow [believe] be in Cristendom ". Several years later, while sailing between Dover and	and	CCONJ	The	DET	 The
Microorganisms or toxins that successfully enter an organism encounter the cells and mechanisms of the innate immune system. The innate response is usually triggered when microbes are identified by pattern recognition receptors, which recognize components that are conserved among broad groups of microorganisms, or when damaged,	,	PUNCT	injured	ADJ	 injured
Upon competing the Golden Temple, a new mode is unlocked known as the Mirror Mode. In this mode, the stages are flipped, Donkey Kong only has one unit of health, he can not use items bought from Cranky Kong, and he can not get	get	VERB	any	DET	 any
Schumacher was passed late in the race by eventual winner Jenson Button. Schumacher clashed with Vitaly Petrov in Valencia, and with Kamui Kobayashi in Britain, and marked the 20th anniversary of his Formula One début at the Belgian Grand Prix. Despite starting last in Belgium,	,	PUNCT	Schumacher	PROPN	 Schumacher
Development and quarrying threats to the Metacomet Ridge have resulted in public open space acquisition efforts through collective purchasing and fundraising, active solicitation of land donations, securing of conservation easements, protective and restrictive legislation agreements limiting development, and, in a few cases, land taking	taking	VERB	by	ADP	 by
" Unable to resist a final quotation, even after admitting he has " overstepped our space ", he cites Bates's description of his last night in the " country of perpetual summer ", regretting he will have to live again in England with its " gloomy	gloomy	ADJ	winters	NOUN	 winters
On May 13, 2013, Sánchez signed a minor league contract with the Los Angeles Dodgers. After spending a month at the Dodgers extended spring training location in Arizona, Sánchez joined the AAA Albuquerque Isotopes on June 24. He made 14 starts and was 7 3	3	NUM	with	ADP	 with
He will not be punished by the sword, by fire or by some other ordinary form of execution, but he will be sewn up in a sack and, in this dismal prison, have serpents as his companions. Depending on the nature of the locality,	,	PUNCT	he	PRON	 he
On 17 October, Robson entered the qualifying draw at the Luxembourg Open. In the first round of qualifying she defeated world number 180 Zuzana Ondrášková. In the second round of qualifying she defeated Julia Görges, the world number 79. In the final round of qualifying	qualifying	NOUN	she	PRON	 she
Alcibiades's troops, leading the Athenian pursuit, landed and attempted to pull the Spartan ships back out to sea. The Peloponnesians fought to prevent their ships from being towed away, and Pharnabazus's troops came up to support them. Thrasybulus landed his own force to	to	PART	temporarily	ADV	 temporarily
The film, which begins, ends, and occasionally combines with live action, explores the often surreal fantasies of a young New York cartoonist named Michael Corleone, using pinball imagery as a metaphor for inner city life. Heavy Traffic was Bakshi and producer Steve Krantz's	's	PART	follow	NOUN	 follow
Later that night, Iris is bitten when her staple remover turns into a snake; she promptly goes into the bathroom to clean up but is killed when snakes appear everywhere in the bathroom. Gracie is questioned by Mulder and Scully about O'Connor because she is a former	former	ADJ	member	NOUN	 member
The following September she visited Portland, Cherbourg, and Stavanger together with her sister ship, Imperator Pavel I. She ran aground on Odensholm Island, off the Estonian coast, on 1 July 1914. The ship was still under repair when World War I began the following	following	VERB	month	NOUN	 month
The game was first announced in September 2011 as part of Nintendo's 2012 lineup for the 3DS, alongside titles such as Monster Hunter 4 and Bravely Default. As part of its release, Nintendo created a limited edition Nintendo 3DS bundle with Awakening pre installed. The	The	DET	game	NOUN	 game
As part of the Chinese plan to capture Seoul, the PVA 42nd and the 66th Corps were tasked with protecting the Chinese left flank by eliminating the ROK 2nd and 5th Infantry Divisions, while cutting the road between Chuncheon and Seoul. Following instructions, the two Chinese	Chinese	ADJ	corps	NOUN	 corps
There is some speculation that C. piperatus is a mycoparasite on the mycorrhiza of Amanita muscaria. In New Zealand, A. muscaria is thought to have been introduced with Pinus radiata, and has made a host jump to the native Nothofagus trees; C. piperatus has since been	been	AUX	observed	VERB	 observed
The list was compiled as a result of a fan survey: " Over 110,000 supporters all nominated their own personal Top 10 players in order of impact made ". In 2007, the Professional Footballers ' Association polled fans of all Football League clubs, as to "	"	PUNCT	their	PRON	 their
Since her debut, Mileena's characteristic weapon is a pair of sharpened, dagger like sai, that at first she has been using in combat only as projectiles and during some of her finishing moves (eventually, the sai were given more use in Mortal Kombat 2011	2011	NUM	)	PUNCT	)
Paris and Courbet formed a Fifth Squadron at the beginning of the war. They were transferred to the Atlantic to continue their training duties without interference. Both ships were ordered restored to operational status on 21 May 1940 by Amiral Mord and they were given six Hotchkiss 13.2	13.2	NUM	millimetre	NOUN	 millimetre
The wings are powered directly, with the flight muscles attached to the wing bases. Dragonflies have a high power / weight ratio, and have been documented accelerating at 4 G linearly and 9 G in sharp turns while pursuing prey. Dragonflies generate lift in at least	least	ADV	four	NUM	 four
Toombs was ordered to reconnoiter or " feel the enemy ". Instead, he engaged the Federals in a " sharp and sustained fight ". After nightfall, Toombs's advance was repelled by Winfield Hancock's brigade after about an hour and a half of fighting.	.	PUNCT	The	DET	 The
The system continued to organize, and several hours later, the NHC noted only a slight increase would suffice for the development of a tropical cyclone. By September 12, a tropical depression developed, and the NHC initiated advisories at 1500 UTC that day. At the	the	DET	time	NOUN	 time
The Queen is represented in Australia by the Governor General at the federal level and by the Governors at the state level, who by convention act on the advice of her ministers. The most notable exercise to date of the Governor General's reserve powers outside the Prime	Prime	PROPN	Minister	PROPN	 Minister
For example, Calvin's father is shown coming home from an early morning run in the snow, which he follows with a bowl of plain oatmeal. Calvin's father is a patent attorney (like Watterson's own father) and his mother is a stay at	at	ADP	home	NOUN	 home
The full Senate debated Scalia's nomination only briefly, and confirmed him 98 – 0 on September 17, 1986, creating the first Italian American Justice. This vote followed Rehnquist's confirmation as Chief Justice by a vote of 65 – 33 on the same day.	.	PUNCT	He	PRON	 He
German aid to the Nationalists amounted to approximately £43,000,000 ($215,000,000) in 1939 prices, 15.5 percent of which was used for salaries and expenses and 21.9 percent for direct delivery of supplies to Spain, while 62.6 percent was expended on the Condor Legion. In	In	ADP	total	NOUN	 total
The book was released on 21 July 2007 by Bloomsbury Publishing in the United Kingdom, in the United States by Scholastic, and in Canada by Raincoast Books, ending the series that began in 1997 with the publication of Harry Potter and the Philosopher's Stone. The	The	DET	novel	NOUN	 novel
Smith was stabbed in the neck; as those present attended to him, he uttered " Winchester " and died. Reports in Edwardsville's The Spectator indicated that Smith was " killed in an affray " at the Stephenson House. James W. Stephenson, James D. Henry	Henry	PROPN	and	CCONJ	 and
After spending over a year considering the difficulties of developing a new game, they received a call from Kazuhiko Aoki, who offered to produce. The four met and spent four days brainstorming ideas for the game. Square convened 50 – 60 developers, including scenario writer	writer	NOUN	Masato	PROPN	 Masato
The SS educational leaders were also responsible for general anti religious training, which was part of the Nazi attempt at " reversing the bourgeois Christian system of values. " Educational training was clearly linked with " racial selection, at the end of which stood the ' weeding	weeding	VERB	out	ADP	 out
Meet the Quagmires, along with four other episodes from the fifth season, and the first seven episodes of the sixth season, were released under the title " Volume 6 " by 20th Century Fox in the United States and Canada on October 21, 2008, five	five	NUM	months	NOUN	 months
Luke's line, " Welcome to the O.C., bitch ", which he says after beating up Ryan, became a tagline for the show. TV Land placed the line as 83rd in its 100 Greatest TV Quotes and Catchphrases in 2006. Hadley Freeman of The	The	DET	Guardian	PROPN	 Guardian
It was a commercial failure. Four years later, the Edison operation came out with its last substantial new film exhibition technology, a short lived theatrical system called the Super Kinetoscope. Much of the Edison company's most creative work in the motion picture field from 1897	1897	NUM	on	ADP	 on
Once they had broken through, Frost used his hunting horn to rally the remaining paratroopers, and they then marched for the Allied held town of Medjez el Bab; after stopping at one last farm for supplies, the group reached the town on 3 December and linked	linked	VERB	up	ADP	 up
1994 saw the birth of her daughter, Bella. Morris ' next single, " The Price I Pay ", a Billy Bragg cover, was her last appearance on the Australian ARIA top 100 singles chart. Morris ' next four singles " Only We Can Hear	Hear	VERB	"	PUNCT	 "
As the droplets descend through the lower density hydrogen, the process releases heat by friction and leaves Saturn's outer layers depleted of helium. These descending droplets may have accumulated into a helium shell surrounding the core. The outer atmosphere of Saturn contains 96.3% molecular hydrogen	hydrogen	NOUN	and	CCONJ	 and
" According to the Bruins public relations director Nate Greenberg " one of my toughest jobs in the day was trying to get Orr to come out of the trainer's room to talk to the press. The reason he wouldn't or didn't all the time was	was	AUX	that	SCONJ	 that
Conan deduces Hades is directly opposite of Minerva's mother, as he intends to record her death, and is able to locate him. Conan coincidentally finds his parents, Yusaku Kudo and Yukiko Kudo, who assists him in apprehending Hades; Conan is then given another	another	DET	pill	NOUN	 pill
God's Thunderbolt: The Vigilantes of Montana. Charleston, SC: BookSurge Publishing. ISBN 1 4196 9709 9. — An historical fiction novel set in Alder Gulch, Montana 1863 Little, Michael Edward (2010). Twelve Quiet Men: The Story of the	the	DET	Cowboy	PROPN	 Cowboy
The game proceeds only after the correct answer has been entered. Sword of Aragon was released when fantasy themed wargames were gaining popularity and computer wargames were starting to flourish as the rules of the board games grew in complexity. The digital versions were simpler in terms of	of	ADP	their	PRON	 their
So Barber could depict Columbus in profile, Curtis arranged for a little known Washington, D.C. sculptor, Ulric Stonewall Jackson Dunbar, to create a bust based on the painting at the Company's expense; when complete it was forwarded to Barber in Philadelphia. Barber prepared	prepared	VERB	sketches	NOUN	 sketches
However, Straus withdrew when the price became excessive and the plan came to nothing. The Va ' ad Leumi, against the advice of the Palestine Zionist Executive, demanded that the British expropriate the wall and give it to the Jews, but the British refused.	.	PUNCT	In	ADP	 In
Mercury has an exceptionally low melting temperature for a d block metal. A complete explanation of this fact requires a deep excursion into quantum physics, but it can be summarized as follows: mercury has a unique electronic configuration where electrons fill up all the available 1s,	,	PUNCT	2s	PROPN	 2s
However, maintaining the validity of this equation means that while the result of a% b is, as expected, in the half open interval [0, b), where b is a positive integer, it has to lie in the interval (b, 0	0	NUM	]	X	]
The male attempts to prevent rivals from removing his sperm and inserting their own, something made possible by delayed fertilisation and driven by sexual selection. If successful, a rival male uses his penis to compress or scrape out the sperm inserted previously; this activity takes up	up	ADP	much	ADJ	 much
After the World Cup, the most important international football competitions are the continental championships, which are organised by each continental confederation and contested between national teams. These are the European Championship (UEFA), the Copa América (CONMEBOL), African Cup of Nations (	(	PUNCT	CAF	PROPN	CAF
Justice Grier further instructed the grand jury that it was unnecessary for the government to produce the corpse to prosecute a murder. But, on September 27, while the grand jury was still sitting, Jonathan Leete's clothed body was recovered in Goose Creek, Jamaica,	,	PUNCT	Queens	PROPN	 Queens
Hubbard maintained a harsh disciplinary regime aboard the fleet, punishing mistakes by confining people in the Royal Scotman's bilge tanks without toilet facilities and with food provided in buckets. At other times erring crew members were thrown overboard with Hubbard looking on and, occasionally, filming	filming	VERB	.	PUNCT	.
" The New Book of Rock Lists ranked Moon No. 1 on its list of " 50 Greatest Rock ' n ' Roll Drummers, " and he was ranked No. 2 on the 2011 Rolling Stone " Best Drummers of All Time " readers ' poll.	.	PUNCT	In	ADP	 In
Significant sandy beaches are found only at Sands Key. Biscayne Bay is a shallow semi enclosed lagoon which averages 10 ft (3.0 m) in depth. Both its mainland margins and the keys are covered by mangrove forest. The park includes the southern portion of Biscayne	Biscayne	PROPN	Bay	PROPN	 Bay
Ultimately, Lois deduces Clark's true identity as " The Blur " in the season nine finale. Lois and Clark's relationship reaches its peak in the tenth and final season. Clark finally confesses his secret to her in " Isis " and they begin their relationship	relationship	NOUN	again	ADV	 again
Few people outside of her label's A & R department had heard of Allen, so the label were slow in responding to publications who wanted to report about her. In March 2006, OMM published an article about Allen's success through MySpace, and she received	received	VERB	her	PRON	 her
He immediately promised to take a harder line on independence than his predecessor. Only two months into his premiership, Smith was deeply offended when Whitehall informed him that, for the first time since 1930, Southern Rhodesia would not be represented at the Commonwealth Prime Ministers '	'	PART	Conference	PROPN	 Conference
However, this mount was dismantled in 1917 when the old Peabody Museum building was demolished. This historically significant specimen was re mounted ahead of the opening of the new Peabody Museum building in 1925. 1918 saw the completion of the second Stegosaurus mount, and the first	first	ADJ	depicting	VERB	 depicting
The Expert Group of the World Health Organization considered developmental toxicity as the most pertinent risk of dioxins to human beings. Because people are usually exposed simultaneously to a number of dioxin like chemicals, a more detailed account is given at dioxins and dioxin like compounds. TCDD	TCDD	PROPN	was	AUX	 was
The station was constructed in 1862 by navvies drafted by contractors under the Lancashire and Yorkshire Railway. On 12 August 1863, the line was opened to commercial traffic and 2 November 1863, to passenger trains. Milnrow station was originally staffed, and the line through it	it	PRON	was	AUX	 was
Herschel received a postcard from his family from the Polish border, describing the family's expulsion: " No one told us what was up, but we realised this was going to be the end... We haven't a penny. Could you send us something?	?	PUNCT	"	PUNCT	 "
Viroids are important pathogens of plants. They do not code for proteins but interact with the host cell and use the host machinery for their replication. The hepatitis delta virus of humans has an RNA genome similar to viroids but has a protein coat derived from hepatitis B	B	PROPN	virus	NOUN	 virus
When imagining the concept for " Butterfly, " Carey intended the song to be a house music record, but after writing it, made it into a ballad. Carey expressed a desire to feature her concept both on the house record, in addition to the ballad	ballad	NOUN	that	PRON	 that
For a moment, the whole of the Roman East seemed lost to the Parthians or about to fall into their hands. However, the conclusion of the second Roman civil war soon revived Roman strength in Asia. Mark Antony had sent Ventidius to oppose Labienus, who	who	PRON	had	AUX	 had
Aided by the prestige gained from his successful forecast, Friedman led increasingly successful criticisms against the Keynesian consensus, convincing not only academics and politicians but also much of the general public with his radio and television broadcasts. The academic credibility of Keynesian economics was further undermined by	by	ADP	additional	ADJ	 additional
It originally aired in the United States on December 1, 2010, on USA Network as the 12th episode of Psych's fifth season and the 75th episode overall. It was an extended episode, at 67 minutes including commercials or 50 without. According to trivia on	on	ADP	the	DET	 the
The amendment also required that excess, unadoptable horses " shall be made available for sale without limitation. " Burns was reportedly acting on behalf of ranching interests, who wished more of the horses removed from federal land. The legislation, signed into law by President George	George	PROPN	W.	PROPN	 W.
He differentiated Islam: The Untold Story – which he considered to be a poor work of scholarship – with Innocence of Muslims, which he deemed to be intentionally offensive and inflammatory. State media in the Islamic Republic of Iran also criticised the documentary, claiming that it	it	PRON	constituted	VERB	 constituted
The primary decay mode of ytterbium isotopes lighter than the most abundant stable isotope, 174Yb, is electron capture, and the primary decay mode for those heavier than 174Yb is beta decay. The primary decay products of ytterbium isotopes lighter than 174Yb are thulium isotopes, and	and	CCONJ	the	DET	 the
In 1952, the company was sold to the General Tire and Rubber Company, which liquidated the assets and ended production of all Crosley automobiles. Muntz Car Company produced cars from 1950 through 1954 in Chicago. Muntz was assisted by Frank Kurtis, who had earlier attempted	attempted	VERB	to	PART	 to
Austin Lyon portrays a young Ward. Chloe Bennet as Daisy " Skye " Johnson / Quake: An Inhuman hacktivist and S.H.I.E.L.D. recruit who eventually becomes an agent with the ability to sense vibrations and create earthquakes. When the character of Skye was introduced to the series,	,	PUNCT	it	PRON	 it
All 18 Malagasy ethnic groups, as well as residents of Chinese, Indian, European and other origins, are well represented in the city. Antananarivo is the political, economic, educational and cultural heart of Madagascar. The Presidency, National Assembly, Senate and Supreme	Supreme	PROPN	Court	PROPN	 Court
Bouvet's main armament consisted of two Canon de 305 mm Modèle 1893 guns in two single gun turrets, one each fore and aft. She also mounted two Canon de 274 mm Modèle 1893 guns in two single gun turrets, one amidships on each side, sponsoned	sponsoned	VERB	out	ADP	 out
A jazz fusion album, Song of Innocence combines jazz elements with impressionistic musical figures and hard rock guitar solos. Its music also incorporates funk, rock, theatre, and pop styles. Music journalists categorized the record as jazz rock, baroque pop, and psychedelic R	R	PROPN	&	CCONJ	 &
" Heb. 2: 12: " I will declare thy name unto my brethren, in the midst of the church will I sing praise unto thee. " There are congregations that permit hand clapping and a few that use musical instruments in worship. Some of	of	ADP	the	DET	 the
At the time this village was called Sutton, meaning south town in Old English. The name Plym Mouth, meaning " mouth of the River Plym " was first mentioned in a Pipe Roll of 1211. The name Plymouth first officially replaced Sutton in a charter of	of	ADP	King	PROPN	 King
Zimmermann gave Bizet private lessons in counterpoint and fugue, which continued until the old man's death in 1853. Through these classes Bizet met Zimmermann's son in law, the composer Charles Gounod, who became a lasting influence on the young pupil's musical style —	—	PUNCT	although	SCONJ	 although
He went to the General Assemblies in 1844, 1853, 1861, 1865 to 1867, 1876, 1886, and 1890. He was interested in foreign missions and devoted one service per month to news from foreign missions and was elected to a four year term on	on	ADP	the	DET	 the
It is one of two surviving inscriptions that indicate Åsmund's patronym, the other being GS 11 in Järvsta. This stone is raised at Vedyxa near Uppsala, about 80 m (260 ft) east of the crossroads of the road to Lövsta and the country road	road	NOUN	between	ADP	 between
The transpennine M62 motorway is less than 20 miles (30 km) away providing links to Manchester and Liverpool. The city is surrounded on all sides by an outer ring road, at a distance of some 3 miles (5 km) from the centre of the	the	DET	city	NOUN	 city
American rock band AFI served as the opening act for the tour. During the concert tour, Linkin Park and Thirty Seconds to Mars promoted greener touring practices and worked with Music for Relief, a non profit organization to support disaster relief and programs to protect the environment	environment	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
According to press reports, Tottenham proposed to play most home matches in MK and a small number at Wembley Stadium. The idea of playing home matches in Milton Keynes, even temporarily, is largely unpopular with Spurs fans. The Tottenham Hotspur Supporters Trust stated in September	September	PROPN	2014	NUM	 2014
1300. This book was one of the most popular of the Middle Ages. The work was translated into many other languages (the first printed edition was published at Utrecht in 1473) and was the basis for William Caxton's The Game and Playe of the Chesse	Chesse	PROPN	(	PUNCT	 (
Its current distribution is patchy in many places, especially in West Africa. Populations are concentrated in protected areas and surrounding land. There is a continuous distribution over large areas of Ethiopia, Kenya, Tanzania, Botswana, Namibia and the Transvaal Lowveld areas of South Africa	Africa	PROPN	.	PUNCT	.
Szalavitz is the co author of Recovery Options: The Complete Guide with Joseph Volpicelli, and The Boy Who Was Raised As a Dog with Bruce D. Perry. In Help at Any Cost Szalavitz investigates the teen rehabilitation industry and focuses on four programs: Straight, Incorporated	Incorporated	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
While Selänne finished as second runner up for the Lady Byng Trophy, Kariya finished sixth in voting. Having played the final year of his contract, Kariya agreed on a new three year deal with the Ducks, reported to be worth between $32 and $33	33	NUM	million	NUM	 million
Robbery and burglary are down by more than 80% during the period, and auto theft has been reduced by more than 93%. In the seven major crime categories tracked by the system, overall crime has declined by more than 75% since 1990, and	and	CCONJ	year	NOUN	 year
She saw action at the Battle of Lissa in July 1866, where she rammed and sank the Italian ironclad Re d'Italia. Slightly damaged in the collision, Erzherzog Ferdinand Max had her bow repaired in Malta after the war. She remained in the Austro Hungarian fleet for	for	ADP	the	DET	 the
Coke argued that the judges of the common law were those most suited to making law, followed by Parliament, and that the monarch was bound to follow any legal rules. This principle was justified by the idea that a judge, through his professional training, internalised	internalised	VERB	what	PRON	 what
In Chinese, 天大將軍 (Tiān Dà Jiāng Jūn), meaning Heaven's Great General, refers to an asterism consisting of υ Andromedae, γ Andromedae, φ Persei, 51 Andromedae, 49 Andromedae, χ Andromedae, τ Andromedae, 56 Andromedae, β Trianguli,	,	PUNCT	γ	PROPN	 γ
He later became close friends with Wertheimer. Asch met Florence Miller in a library on East Broadway on the lower East Side in New York City. He married her in 1930. Their relationship was reported as being " easy, good humored " (Rock, pg	pg	PROPN	.	PROPN	.
In addition to Palmyra, Sarmin and Salamiyah, Muhanna was also given the town of Douma in the Ghouta near Damascus as an iqta. Muhanna criticized an Nasir for the lavish distribution of iqtaʿat to his tribesmen out of belief that such excesses would ruin the character of	of	ADP	the	DET	 the
Since Christian metal is very much a counterculture of the Christian music scene, it has never had any major corporate radio outlets, as opposed to the more accepted CCM associated Christian music formats. Nevertheless, it has remained culturally significant in the genre, primarily enduring the	the	DET	test	NOUN	 test
Menfond Electronic Art adapted Bizenghast into animated short episodes or " iManga ". The iManga episodes featured music by Divine Madness and Kissing Violet, and premiered on My Space in summer 2007. Overall, LeGrow praised the adaption. She liked the " kooky " background effects	effects	NOUN	and	CCONJ	 and
American had a speed of 12 knots (22 km / h), and was powered by a single triple expansion steam engine with coal fired boilers, that drove a single screw propeller. American and her sister ships, equipped with two upright masts, carried and	and	CCONJ	used	VERB	 used
Jones was also accused excessive spending, questionable real estate transactions, and was sued for racial discrimination (see Controversies section below). Jones ran for the US Senate in 2008, but was defeated 60% to 40% in the 2008 run off for Georgia's	's	PART	Democratic	ADJ	 Democratic
A stone bridge across the Shannon was erected in 1685, and a Williamite army advancing from Birr in 1690 attempted to break it down but abandoned the attempt as too risky in consequence of the presence of Sarsfield's Army on the Connacht side. A broken arch of	of	ADP	this	DET	 this
Next track " I Know It " has a gentler swing to it and features music from piano, a saxophone, synth phrases while having an offbeat chord change. " Holiday " consists of a four bar sequence, featuring instrumentation from guitars, electronic drums and handclaps	handclaps	NOUN	from	ADP	 from
He made his discoveries during his studies of the desert locust, whose solitary and gregarious phases had previously been thought to be separate species. He designated the two phases as solitaria and gregaria. These are also referred to as statary and migratory morphs, though strictly speaking	speaking	VERB	their	PRON	 their
Drew's job required him to work from a cubicle and Helford stated that no one had really done a show dealing with that situation, as producers and networks felt it was too confined. Helford disagreed and had a set where an accessible cubicle was the center piece	piece	NOUN	designed	VERB	 designed
The redbud was believed to be an effective ward. Rooted in older folklore, the modern belief in vampires spread throughout Asia with tales of ghoulish entities from the mainland, to vampiric beings from the islands of Southeast Asia. India also developed other vampiric legends. The	The	DET	Bhūta	PROPN	 Bhūta
It is my hope, President elect Clinton, that you and your administration commit the resources needed to eliminate this awful disease that took my friend, and ended so many promising lives before their time. Babyface and Stevie Wonder duetted on the song during an MTV Unplugged	Unplugged	PROPN	performance	NOUN	 performance
For this reason, a number of sites on the north bank have been discounted by historians and geographers. Historical accounts also establish east and west boundaries for a stretch of the Yangtze which encompasses all possible sites for the battlefield. The allied forces travelled upstream from either	either	CCONJ	Fankou	PROPN	 Fankou
The most significant change in this period, however, was that prison officers achieved representation through the Western Australian Prison Officers ' Union. The strength of the union was based on the ability to almost cripple the prison system through strike action, first taken in 1975.	.	PUNCT	Convicts	NOUN	 Convicts
On a visit to New York, he asked Maria Goeppert Mayer to carry out calculations on the Super for him. She confirmed Teller's own results: the Super was not going to work. A special group was established under Teller in March 1944 to investigate the	the	DET	mathematics	NOUN	 mathematics
In that mountain range it reaches 6,000 metres (20,000 feet) in the summer, and has been recorded at 7,950 metres (26,080 feet) altitude on Mount Everest. In Ireland, Great Britain and Brittany it also breeds on coastal sea cliffs, feeding on adjacent	adjacent	ADJ	short	ADJ	 short
Described as new to science in 1972, it is known only from the Pacific Northwest region of North America, where it grows under conifers such as spruce, hemlock, and Douglas fir. The fruit bodies of the fungus, or mushrooms, have a slimy dark	dark	ADJ	chestnut	NOUN	 chestnut
Marie. Townships continued to maintain and build local roads using the " statute labor system ". An able bodied man residing in a local road district was expected to pay his road taxes by performing 30 days of labor on the roads in his district. If he	he	PRON	was	AUX	 was
After the 1996 – 1998 recalibrations a clear divergence between the international and various national prototype kilograms was observed. At the 23rd CGPM (2007), the CIPM was mandated to investigate the use of natural constants as the basis for all units of measure rather than the	the	DET	artefacts	NOUN	 artefacts
Raymund Flandez of The Wall Street Journal described it as " the corniest number in several seasons ". Futterman called " La Isla Bonita " the " best number of the night ". She added that it " mixes slick dance moves and spot on singing with perhaps	perhaps	ADV	a	DET	 a
However, both are deemed to be inactive in the absence of Shakti. As set out in the first line of Adi Shankara's renowned Shakta hymn, Saundaryalahari (c. 800 CE): " If Shiva is united with Shakti, he is able to create. If	If	SCONJ	he	PRON	 he
Hrithik Roshan plays the lead role of Vijay Deenanath Chauhan and Sanjay Dutt plays the role of the antagonist Kancha, originally played by Amitabh Bachchan and Danny Denzongpa respectively, with Rishi Kapoor portraying the newly introduced character of Rauf Lala. The supporting cast include Om Puri as	as	ADP	Commissioner	PROPN	 Commissioner
IGN contributor Robert Canning wrote that " Corporate Crush " was a " solid episode ", and that 30 Rock seemed " to have hit its storytelling stride ". He added that " as we near the season finale, we're happy to see that 30 Rock	Rock	PROPN	has	AUX	 has
On 17 August 2009, there was an explosion at the Sayano Shushenskaya hydroelectric power plant, which killed 75 plant workers and injured 13. The Federal Service for Ecological, Technological, and Nuclear Supervision's investigation concluded that poor management and technical flaws were responsible. The	The	DET	explosion	NOUN	 explosion
On December 18, 2011, she performed the song on VH1 Divas Celebrates Soul television special. On January 7, 2012, she performed it along with " Mr. Know It All " on the 37th season of Saturday Night Live. On June 6, 2012,	,	PUNCT	Clarkson	PROPN	 Clarkson
The pieces were arranged and incorporated into later Dragon Warrior games ' soundtracks. The music has been released in a variety of formats. The first is as a Drama CD, released by Enix on July 19, 1991, which incorporated a narrated story. Super Famicom	Famicom	PROPN	Edition	PROPN	 Edition
In September 2014, several plans were created by the city of Bloomington in order to rezone several parts of the shopping center. However, Southtown's owner, Kraus Anderson, stated that the rezoning would " threaten Southtown's existence and that customers like things how they	they	PRON	are	AUX	 are
River Oaks is within District 13 of the Texas Senate and represented by Rodney Ellis, a Democrat. The community is within Texas's 7th congressional district. As of 2013, the representative is John Culberson. The United States Post Office Service (USPS) operates the	the	DET	River	PROPN	 River
Kaguya is the largest lunar mission since the Apollo program. Its purpose is to gather data on the moon's origin and evolution. It entered a lunar orbit on October 4, flying at an altitude of about 100 km (62 mi). The probe's	's	PART	mission	NOUN	 mission
However, the Australians were convinced that deliberate patrolling techniques were more effective in separating the Viet Cong from the population in the villages while working towards slowly extending government control, and such urgings went largely unheeded. In February 1967 1 ATF focused on the Dat Do area	area	NOUN	and	CCONJ	 and
No coalition was formed, however the pressure from Labour brought about productive change by Deakin: he agreed to a royal commission into the post office, old age pensions were to be provided from the surplus revenue fund and £250,000 set aside for ships for an Australian	Australian	PROPN	Navy	PROPN	 Navy
The cigarettes were the same as Fleming's, who had been buying his at Morland since the 1930s; the three gold bands on the filter were added during the war to mirror his naval Commander's rank. On average, Bond smokes sixty cigarettes a day,	,	PUNCT	although	SCONJ	 although
Gregory does not appear to have provided the Libellus with a title. This is not unusual since the work is a letter and Gregory was not in the habit of titling his many letters. " Libellus responsionum " is the name given the letter by Bede in his	his	PRON	Historia	PROPN	 Historia
Aaron Montgomery Ward, who is known both as the inventor of mail order and the protector of Grant Park, twice sued the city of Chicago to force it to remove buildings and structures from Grant Park and to keep it from building new ones. As a result	result	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
Crace at 15: 26 radioed Fletcher he could not complete his mission without air support. Crace retired southward to a position about 220 nmi (250 mi; 410 km) southeast of Port Moresby to increase the range from Japanese carrier- or land based aircraft while remaining	remaining	VERB	close	ADV	 close
Since each species of tree has its own structure at the levels of cell and of molecules, each has its own pattern of splitting in its bark. Leopards and ladybirds are spotted; angelfish and zebras are striped. These patterns have an evolutionary explanation: they have	have	VERB	functions	NOUN	 functions
By 1996 two of her books had fathers that died and five had stepfathers that are depicted as intruding on the mother daughter relationship. According to Narrative Magazine, Godwin transitions from female protagonists who are " looking for ways to get out of traps and confinements " to	to	ADP	those	PRON	 those
To this day, no one has been identified as a possible suspect in Gonzalez's murder, and the case remains unsolved. In 1992, former US Justice Department Civil Rights Division chief Drew S. Days III admitted before the P.R. Senate that the U.S. Justice Department and	and	CCONJ	the	DET	 the
On some occasions there have been upwards of 19,000 persons in them, and this immense concourse, most of whom are well dressed, seen in connection with the illuminated walks, add not a little to the brilliant and astonishing effect of the whole scene. Charles Dickens	Dickens	PROPN	wrote	VERB	 wrote
Two satellites were built for the domestic terminal, one each for Braathens SAFE and SAS, allowing increased waiting area for travelers. The international terminal was expanded with a five gate pier with jetbridges. A multi story parking house was also built. Norsk Air started serving	serving	VERB	Fornebu	PROPN	 Fornebu
Shiva replied that he is the one gives fruit to all penance and took her hand and kissed her. Further, they made love when Shiva himself changed into a Chandala and recognized the Chandala woman as his wife. After the love making, Parvati asked Shiva to	to	PART	grant	VERB	 grant
These Blackwater side notched points implied the arrival of a group from eastern Nebraska or western Iowa, replacing the previous group which may have moved to the north. The presence of such points suggests a connection with the Simonsen Site in northeastern Iowa, which has been dated	dated	VERB	to	ADP	 to
In the book, an isolated Ellie seeks to escape a stultifying mother. The reviews were generally favourable, but Manning was not satisfied. Perhaps annoyed at her depiction in the novel, Stevie Smith wrote what Manning described as a " bitchy review "; the two	two	NUM	great	ADJ	 great
Jack, who also does not get along with his mother Colleen Donaghy (Elaine Stritch), shows Jenna a presentation on how to deal with overbearing mothers. Jenna attempts to follow the presentation, but Verna surprises her by giving her back the money she has borrowed	borrowed	VERB	from	ADP	 from
Damage on Mahé was limited to landslides and some flooding. On Praslin, high winds damaged the roofs of over 50 houses and destroyed six homes, while the airport was also damaged. The winds damaged 50 power lines, causing an island wide power outage. High	High	ADJ	winds	NOUN	 winds
Tamandaré and the future Viscount of Ouro Preto were among the pallbearers. He was buried in the São Francisco Xavier cemetery (popularly known as Caju Cemetery) in Rio de Janeiro. Soon after his death, the Viscount of Inhaúma was hailed as " one of the	the	DET	greatest	ADJ	 greatest
He ran without avail for the City Council in Anchorage in 1960. During this time, he had become a successful real estate agent; after the 1960 election, he became a property developer in a mobile home park on the outskirts of Anchorage. A partner ran	ran	VERB	into	ADP	 into
The Court of Appeal held that the distinction drawn by the section 37 between citizens and non citizens who are abroad is valid as it is a reasonable means of achieving the Act's object, which is to address acts of corruption taking place outside Singapore but affecting events	events	NOUN	within	ADP	 within
Here they remained overnight, sitting through a two hour air raid, and sailed for Valletta at 12: 00 on 17 July. In Operation Fustian they had suffered around 141 dead, and 168 missing or wounded. The recapture of Primosole Bridge did not result in	in	ADP	the	DET	 the
In high school, Cho was placed in special education under the ' emotional disturbance ' classification. He was excused from oral presentations and participation in class conversation and received 50 minutes a month of speech therapy. He continued receiving mental health therapy as well until his junior	junior	ADJ	year	NOUN	 year
He was killed shortly after opening the bridge. Notable Commonwealth burials in the cemetery include Private John Parr, of the 4th Battalion, Middlesex Regiment and George Lawrence Price of the Canadian 28th (Northwest) Battalion each believed to be the respective first and last Commonwealth soldiers	soldiers	NOUN	killed	VERB	 killed
" Stranger in Moscow " was released as the fifth and final single in November 1996. The song was well received by critics. In the United States, the song peaked at number ninety one on the Billboard Hot 100. Outside of the United States, the	the	DET	song	NOUN	 song
A 2006 book, Game of Shadows by San Francisco Chronicle investigative reporters Lance Williams and Mark Fainaru Wada, chronicled alleged extensive use of performance enhancers, including several types of steroids and growth hormone by baseball superstars Barry Bonds, Gary Sheffield, and Jason Giambi. Former	Former	ADJ	Senate	PROPN	 Senate
When compared to other state legislatures in the United States, the Maryland Senate has one of the strongest presiding officers and some of the strongest committee chairs. Senators are also organized into caucuses, including party- and demographically based caucuses. They are assisted in their work by	by	ADP	paid	VERB	 paid
The " Golden Rule of Magic " states that " Whenever a card's text directly contradicts the rules, the card takes precedence. " The Comprehensive Rules, a detailed rulebook, exists to clarify conflicts. Players begin the game by shuffling their decks and then drawing	drawing	VERB	seven	NUM	 seven
Mukasey said that the waterboarding of Khalid Sheikh Mohammed caused him to reveal the nickname of bin Laden's courier. U.S. officials and legislators, including Republican John McCain and Democrat Dianne Feinstein, chairwoman of the U.S. Senate Select Committee on Intelligence, countered that those statements were	were	AUX	"	PUNCT	 "
John Adams (never a fan of the southern delegation to the Continental Congress) wrote " Congress will appoint a thanksgiving; and one cause of it ought to be that the glory of turning the tide of arms is not immediately due to the commander in chief nor	nor	CCONJ	to	ADP	 to
Patterns were prepared from the dies, but Barber and Leach were unhappy with the pieces. On May 22, Leach wrote to Brenner, I have to inform you that I was not satisfied with the first proof of the Lincoln cent. I found that you had	had	AUX	not	PART	 not
" Singer said the film is ambiguous about most of the character's details, but the fax sent at the end of the film proves in his mind that Kint is Söze. Bryan Enk, writing for UGO, states that the myth making story of Söze's	's	PART	origins	NOUN	 origins
Its ecclesiastic territory includes Broward, Miami Dade, and Monroe counties in the U.S. state of Florida. The archdiocese is the metropolitan see for the Ecclesiastical Province of Miami, which covers Florida. The archbishop is Thomas Wenski. As archbishop, he also serves as pastor	pastor	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
Several characters also become involved in Yuri and Mashiro's attempt to create a world where both humans and Tayutai can coexist together. Ameri Kawai (河合 アメリ, Kawai Ameri, voiced by Asami Shimoda), another heroine, is Yuri's energetic and outgoing childhood friend	friend	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
In Croyle's four years playing for the Alabama Crimson Tide football team, he set numerous school records, and was a finalist for the Johnny Unitas Golden Arm Award. Croyle led the Crimson Tide to the 2006 Cotton Bowl Classic and was named the game's offensive	offensive	ADJ	MVP	PROPN	 MVP
Around this time, French accounts of the Anglo Mysore wars appeared as well, and included Michaud 1809, a history of the wars by Joseph François Michaud, another Jesuit priest. The first attempt at including a comprehensive history of Mysore in an English language work is	is	AUX	Buchanan	PROPN	 Buchanan
In addition to its general popularity, she noted its musical simplicity, its key of C major, " the plainest and least complicated key, with no sharps or flats " aside from one passage with " a plaintive major seventh chord that allows a tiny bit of	of	ADP	E	NOUN	 E
Armed with a main battery of five 10 inch (250 mm) and twelve 8 in (200 mm) guns in a broadside arrangement, Roma was obsolescent by the time she entered service. As a result, her career was limited. In 1880, she	she	PRON	took	VERB	 took
The bomb exploded, fatally wounding three officers and a stenographer who died soon after. Hitler survived with only minor injuries, as did everyone else who was shielded from the bomb blast by the conference table leg. In the aftermath of the event, Hitler had a	a	DET	badge	NOUN	 badge
Structural differences included an airfoil change to the wing, expanding its area to 295 m2 (3,172 ft2). The area of the elevators was increased by 14%, and improved hydraulic actuators were fitted. Metal fuel tanks replaced rubber bladders. To allow the Tu	Tu	PROPN	142	NUM	 142
Big Bang has amassed numerous achievements and awards, setting several records in their home country. They experienced their first success with the song " Lies, " which would stay on the Melon Chart for over 54 weeks, followed by " Last Farewell, " which topped	topped	VERB	various	ADJ	 various
The next morning, Maude informs Marge that Ned is missing, having been chased around by the boys throughout the night. Marge realizes that she may be partially responsible for his disappearance. Marge goes to Reverend Lovejoy for help, and the two of them track Ned	Ned	PROPN	to	ADP	 to
In 2008 a detailed analysis of chancelloriids ' sclerites concluded that they were very similar to those of halkieriids, mobile bilaterian animals that looked like slugs in chain mail and whose fossils are found in rocks from the very Early Cambrian to the Mid Cambrian. If this is	is	AUX	correct	ADJ	 correct
The Continentals and the Patriot militia began to run out of ammunition during the battle, and Lincoln was forced to order a general retreat. At least seven Continental officers under Sumner's command were wounded, and future United States President Andrew Jackson's brother Hugh was among	among	ADP	ten	NUM	 ten
Partington's local drift geology is a mixture of alluvial deposits, fluvio glacial gravel, and peat deposited about 10,000 years ago, during the last ice age. The bedrock is Keuper sandstone in the south and Bunter sandstone in the north. The town's climate is	is	AUX	generally	ADV	 generally
In 2005, President of the United States of America, George W. Bush and his wife, First Lady of the United States, Laura Bush displayed an 18th century Italian presepio in the East Room of the White House, Washington, D.C., United States. The	The	DET	presepio	NOUN	 presepio
A road from New Albany to north of Center Village first appeared on maps in 1924. In 1929, the road was extended to connect to Condit. SR 605 was designated in 1937, following the alignment from US 62, to a junction with the US 36	36	NUM	/	SYM	 /
" (Yes, come, Lord Jesus!). The personal decision is supported by the instrumental quotation in the recorders of Johann Leon's hymn " Ich hab mein Sach Gott heimgestellt " (I have brought my affairs home to God). The final call	call	NOUN	to	ADP	 to
Romanova is suspicious of Nash, but Bond reassures her that the man is from his own service. After dinner, at which Nash has drugged Romanova, they rest; Bond wakes up to find a gun pointing at him and Nash reveals himself to be the killer	killer	NOUN	Grant	PROPN	 Grant
Bresnahan died of a heart attack at his home in Toledo on December 4, 1944 at the age of 65. He was survived by his wife, Gertrude, and his daughter, Marian. He was buried in Calvary Cemetery in Toledo. In 1,446 games,	,	PUNCT	he	PRON	 he
On 27 June 1905, Potemkin was at gunnery practice near Tendra Island off the Ukrainian coast when many enlisted men refused to eat the borscht made from rotten meat partially infested with maggots. The uprising was triggered when Ippolit Giliarovsky, the ship's second in command,	,	PUNCT	allegedly	ADV	 allegedly
Other uitlanders produced a counter petition in which about as many affirmed their satisfaction with Kruger's government. Attempting to address the main point of contention raised by Milner and Chamberlain, Kruger spoke of reducing the residency qualification for foreigners to nine years or perhaps less. In	In	ADP	May	PROPN	 May
They had a beam of 72 ft 3 in (22.02 m) and a draft of 23 ft 6 in (7.16 m). They displaced 11,565 long tons (11,751 t) as designed and up to 12,250 long tons (12,450 t) at full load	load	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
Only Wiggins ' team mate Mark Cavendish was able to win more than one stage during the second half of the race, winning two of the final three stages including a fourth consecutive final stage victory in Paris. This victory allowed him to become the most prolific sprinter	sprinter	NOUN	at	ADP	 at
" It occurs along almost the entire eastern coast of Australia, from Geelong, Victoria to Proserpine, Queensland. There was an isolated population on Long Island, Tasmania in 1999, and an 1876 record allegedly from King Island, although there has been speculation that that	that	SCONJ	specimen	NOUN	 specimen
This proved a decisive moment, marking the end of Irish willingness to stay inside the Union. On 7 May 1918, a senior army officer on active duty, Major General Sir Frederick Maurice, prompted a second crisis when he went public with allegations that Lloyd George	George	PROPN	had	AUX	 had
1500 - 600 BCE). Female divinity continued to have a place in belief and worship, but generally in a more subordinate role, with goddesses serving principally as consorts to the great gods. The most important of the female deities mentioned in the Vedas is Ushas	Ushas	PROPN	.	PUNCT	.
The song is a long whistled double note similar to, but less urgent, than that of the orange breasted myzomela, a Fijian endemic honeyeater. Fiji has another Erythrura species, the rare and endangered pink billed parrotfinch. This is a larger bird with a green	green	ADJ	head	NOUN	 head
Matthew Grenby, the foremost expert on Trimmer, estimates that the Guardian's circulation was between 1,500 and 3,500 copies per issue. Thus the Guardian's circulation was probably comparable to political periodicals such as the Tory Critical Review and the British Critic, which both reached 3,500	3,500	NUM	by	ADP	 by
He countered criticism of the portrayal of New Directions ' rival choirs, suggesting: " at this point, everyone needs to realize that this show takes its jabs at everyone, but it always has a wink and a hug and lots and lots of love behind it	it	PRON	.	PUNCT	.
The troop of tanks that had initially been committed was at this point relieved, with another – an ad hoc formation drawn from Headquarters Troop and 2 Troop from the 1st Tank Battalion – being brought up to replace them. In concert with a company from 2 /	/	SYM	43rd	NUM	 43rd
The Romans made durable concrete strong enough for load bearing walls. Roman concrete contains a rubble of broken bricks and rocks set in mortar. The mortar included lime and pozzolana, a volcanic material that contributed significantly to its strength. Roman concrete structures such as the Colosseum	Colosseum	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
His grandson with the same title, in the court of king Veera Ballala III, composed a poem called Rukminikalyana in 16 kandas (chapters) and wrote commentaries (on poetics) on the Alankarasarvasva and Kavyaprakasa. Kalyani Devi, a sister of Madhvacharya, and Trivikrama	Trivikrama	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
The album was given high critical praise from magazines such as PopMatters, which called McEntire's vocals, " to sound sweet without being syrupy, while being extremely powerful. McEntire's vocal strength yields a different kind of authority than the bluesy, drawling growl of Janis	Janis	PROPN	Joplin	PROPN	 Joplin
He then travelled to Atlanta, Georgia, where he visited Ian Macauley, a friend who was active in the anti segregation movement. Clarke finished the final chapter in Atlanta while Clarke and Macauley discussed racial issues; these conversations may have influenced the development of the last	last	ADJ	chapter	NOUN	 chapter
The lack of third party games may be exacerbated in the future, as Nintendo faces the " dilemma of having fallen out of sync with its rivals in the console cycle "; Microsoft and Sony would design their consoles to be more powerful than the Wii U. Strong	Strong	PROPN	third	ADJ	 third
A ticket from Gothenburg to Copenhagen cost NOK 1119 in business class, NOK 803 in second class, and with reduced prices down to NOK 342 if bought in advance or for weekend travel. Travel time from Oslo to Gothenburg was slightly more than four hours. Prices	Prices	NOUN	varied	VERB	 varied
Henry eventually dissolved the Cabinet, removing the final remnants of recognition of the autonomous government established under Spanish rule. Muñoz Rivera opposed the military structure and promoted autonomy. Later that year, he founded the newspaper El Territorio, which voiced the concerns of landowners that were	were	AUX	being	AUX	 being
Shantotto from Final Fantasy XI was used based on her popularity, while Gabranth was used to represent Final Fantasy XII in Balthier's place as the latter had already been featured in Final Fantasy Tactics: War of the Lions and Square wanted his inclusion to surprise gamers.	.	PUNCT	Other	ADJ	 Other
The studio's schedule was too full for a single recording session, so Kalmah had to book time to record the album in three separate sessions, between the months of May and August, 2009. The majority of tracks were recorded in May, beginning with Janne	Janne	PROPN	Kusmin	PROPN	 Kusmin
The fire rapidly destroyed Confiante and the British boarding party retired without casualties. As the British attack proceeded against Confiante, the crew of Vésuve succeeded in refloating her and soon had their ship anchored under the protection of gun batteries at Sallenelles. These defences were augmented by	by	ADP	additional	ADJ	 additional
When it became clear that his pending trial would entail national television exposure for Kaczynski, the court entered a plea agreement, under which he pleaded guilty and was sentenced to life in prison with no possibility of parole. He has been designated a " domestic terrorist "	"	PUNCT	by	ADP	 by
It originally aired on NBC in the United States on April 9, 2009. The episode was written by series co creators Michael Schur and Greg Daniels, and directed by Daniels. The episode introduces the protagonist Leslie Knope, played by Amy Poehler, as well as	as	ADP	the	DET	 the
The complexity of " the common man " is also explored through the oft mentioned " life of the mind ". While expounding on his duty as a writer, Barton drones: " I got ta tell you, the life of the mind... There's no	no	DET	road	NOUN	 road
Other authors have placed it in its own monotypic family, Zavattariornithidae. DNA sequencing analysis supports its placement in the corvids, with its closest relatives being the ground jays, magpies, and the piapiac. It has been suggested that the bushcrow is a surviving relict ancestor	ancestor	NOUN	to	ADP	 to
Unfortunately the cost of the weapon — three times that of a normal gun — prevented its wider deployment in the fleet. The French role in the conflict proved a problem when Charles turned to the appointment of an admiral. Rupert's objection to the French alliance was	was	AUX	well	ADV	 well
Barth, who had been with Task Force Smith as an observer, had ordered the 1st Battalion, 34th Infantry to hold until the North Koreans threatened to envelop them, then to fall back to successive positions south, delaying the North Korean force as long as possible	possible	ADJ	.	PUNCT	.
An armed British naval party had attempted to board Bremse and close her bottom valves, but found that they were already below the rising waterline. Instead they blasted off her anchor chains and she was taken in tow by a tug and the destroyer HMS Venetia, in	in	ADP	an	DET	 an
In all, Cyprien destroyed 841 homes in the towns of Morombe and Morondava. Damage in the towns was estimated at $180,000, but there were no deaths. Cyclone Dina originated in a tropical disturbance first noted on January 15 near the Chagos Archipelago. By January	January	PROPN	17	NUM	 17
When Stone sent petitions to the legislature in February 1850, over half were from towns where she had lectured. In April 1850, a woman ’ s rights convention was held in Salem, Ohio, to a petition drive asking its constitutional convention to revise the state	state	NOUN	constitution	NOUN	 constitution
He wrote the following to General Marshall after visiting a German internment camp near Gotha, Germany: The visual evidence and the verbal testimony of starvation, cruelty and bestiality were so overpowering as to leave me a bit sick. In one room, where they [there	there	ADV	]	PUNCT	]
Maeda was concerned that the After Story arc, mainly a continuation of Nagisa's scenario, would eclipse the entire game's scenario, much like what happened with Air according to Maeda. In order to prevent the same thing happening in Clannad, Maeda focused on making	making	VERB	the	DET	 the
The soundtrack was produced alongside the game by Shinji Hosoe, with contributions from Nobuyoshi Sano and Ayako Saso, as the development team didn't have enough time to produce them separately. The team did not initially plan to have music, but ended up producing techno,	,	PUNCT	which	PRON	 which
They typically target mammals up to about 3.5 kg (7.7 lb) in weight, and they require 500 grams (18 oz) of food daily. Red foxes readily eat plant material, and in some areas fruit can amount to 100% of their diet in	in	ADP	autumn	NOUN	 autumn
Development of the film was first announced in a teaser trailer during the limited theatrical release of Persona 4 The Animation: The Factor of Hope on June 9, 2012. Aniplex later announced a Fall 2013 release date and that the main voice acting cast of the original	original	ADJ	PlayStation	PROPN	 PlayStation
Judge Livingston held that the district judge did not abuse her discretion in holding that the student's speech " foreseeably create [d] a risk of substantial disruption within the school environment ", which is the precedent in the Second Circuit for when schools may regulate off	off	ADP	campus	NOUN	 campus
, Navigator, Oak Hill, WV Captain Kermit K. Beahan, Bombardier, Houston, TX Master Sergeant John D. Kuharek, Flight Engineer, Columbus, NE Staff Sergeant Raymond C. Gallagher, Gunner, assistant flight engineer, Chicago, IL Staff Sergeant Edward K. Buckley,	,	PUNCT	Radar	PROPN	 Radar
However, because he was married, he decided to take a full time job in insurance instead. By December 1958, the game Gettysburg from the Avalon Hill company had particularly captured Gygax's attention. It was also from Avalon Hill that he ordered the first blank	blank	ADJ	hexagon	NOUN	 hexagon
Their discussions were similar to the lyrical content of the song with the two trying to convince her the relationship is wrong and the latter defending her love interest. After the interlude finished, the group appeared onstage performing " Girl " mixing it with " I'll Take	Take	VERB	You	PRON	 You
Grumman left the project when sanctions were placed on China following the political fallout from the 1989 Tiananmen Square protests. After Grumman left the Chengdu Super 7 project, the Fighter China project was launched in 1991. In 1995, Pakistan and China signed a memorandum of understanding	understanding	NOUN	(	PUNCT	 (
Each of the album's singles — " Dixieland Delight ", " The Closer You Get ", and " Lady Down on Love " — were number ones in both the U.S. and Canada. Roll On was Alabama's next LP, and its four singles,	,	PUNCT	"	PUNCT	 "
While the cars ' original skirts can be kept, they must be set up such that there is 40 mm (1.6 in) clearance beneath the car, a rule that removes most of the advantage of ground effect. The hydropneumatic suspension employed during 1981 is not	not	PART	permitted	VERB	 permitted
October to December are the short rains when the mountain receives approximately a third of its rainfall total. Finally from December to mid March is the drier dry season when the mountain experiences the least rain. During the dry season the mountain almost always follows the same daily	daily	ADJ	weather	NOUN	 weather
At the time of this announcement, it meant that three singles would precede the album before its worldwide release. However, the album was pushed back into 2011, leaving time for two other singles to precede the album: " Forever and a Day " (2010	2010	NUM	)	PUNCT	)
Here Comes The Pain, WWE ' 13, WWE 2K14, WWE 2K16, and WWE 2K17. and was periodically featured during the first season of the E! television series Total Divas. On December 2, 2014, WWE released the WWE Fit Series, starring	starring	VERB	McMahon	PROPN	 McMahon
The sessions resulted in " Silence Is Golden " and " Til the Day I Die ", which were written for a proposed B sides album. Both songs were loose and organic, contrasting the very dense layered production that featured on Version 2.0. " Silence Is	Is	AUX	Golden	ADJ	 Golden
Brown had driven his son to play in a basketball tournament in Jamestown, New York on Friday February 23. They returned home at approximately 10: 30 p.m. from the tournament. In interviews at the end of March 2007, Brown claimed that all members of his	his	PRON	family	NOUN	 family
This stems from the growing disbelief that audiences feel after being exposed to such information, especially since Holocaust witnesses themselves are decreasing in number. Studies centered on the psychological effects of Holocaust denial propaganda confirm this assertion. Linda M. Yelland and William F. Stone, in particular	particular	ADJ	,	PUNCT	,
" Fellow conspirator Ambrose Rookwood, shortly before his own death, said that he " loved and respected him [Catesby] as his own life ", while Catesby's friend, Father John Gerard, claimed he was " respected in all companies of such as are	are	AUX	counted	VERB	 counted
When the box is opened, Hyde is dominant. In a flashback triggered by genetic memory, Hyde has a vision of a meeting between Jekyll and Robert Louis Stevenson, the author of Strange Case of Dr Jekyll and Mr Hyde. Stevenson agrees to write a fictional	fictional	ADJ	version	NOUN	 version
The Longhorns did not play Colt in the 2005 season, choosing to redshirt him instead. After viewing this game as part of a recruiting visit to UT, Jevan Snead – ranked as one of the top high school quarterbacks in the nation, elected to switch his	his	PRON	commitment	NOUN	 commitment
The bicycle made for Peter Van Petegem in 2004 was a Time. The distance from bottom bracket to rear axle was 419 mm rather than his normal 403. The distance from the bottom bracket to the front hub was 605 mm instead of 600 mm. The depth	depth	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
Visual confirmation of venting came in November 2005, when ISS imaged geyser like jets of icy particles rising from Enceladus's south polar region. (Although the plume was imaged before, in January and February 2005, additional studies of the camera's response at high phase	phase	NOUN	angles	VERB	 angles
The offensive managed to advance and take back several parts of Karabakh in the north and to the south but soon petered out. In response, the Republic of Armenia began sending conscripts and regular Army and Interior Ministry troops to stop the Azerbaijani advance in Karabakh. To	To	PART	bolster	VERB	 bolster
No public funds were involved; all funding came from donations from individuals and corporations. Kapoor's contract states that the constructed piece should be expected to survive for 1,000 years. The lower 6 feet (1.8 m) of Cloud Gate is wiped down twice a day	day	NOUN	by	ADP	 by
He scored his first professional hat trick at the club, in a 3 – 1 victory over Marítimo at the Estádio do Bessa; he later scored a hat trick in a 7 – 0 win over Gil Vicente, as did teammate Nuno Gomes. Though head coach	coach	NOUN	Casaca	PROPN	 Casaca
Manchester United opened the scoring in the 21st minute – a poor clearance by Cygan allowed Juan Sebastián Verón to score. Arsenal goalkeeper Rami Shaaban was substituted before the start of the second half, having pulled a thigh muscle. He was replaced by Stuart Taylor, who	who	PRON	was	AUX	 was
The store is also known for giving more credit for trade ins than its competitors. In 2005, Vox Magazine had the same four games (Halo, Metal Gear Solid 3, NHL 2004, and Madden NFL 2005) priced at EB Games, Game Crazy,	,	PUNCT	and	CCONJ	 and
Park is also inspired by Taiwanese American NBA player Jeremy Lin, saying that Lin " was off the radar and now he ’ s playing with the best of the best. People can ’ t hate on him even though they want to because he ’ s so	so	ADV	good	ADJ	 good
The Chief Investigator is charged by the Transport Integration Act with conducting investigations into rail safety matters including incidents and trends. ATSB, on the other hand, claims jurisdiction over the same matters where they occur on the Designated Interstate Rail Network. Ticketing requirements for public transport	transport	NOUN	in	ADP	 in
He argues that many early archaeologists, in viewing prehistoric societies as " primitive " and " savage ", expected to find widespread evidence of cannibalism within the archaeological record, just as social anthropologists were claiming that the practice was widespread in recently documented " primitive ",	,	PUNCT	"	PUNCT	 "
This is less than wished for by some. There are ongoing programs working on a dengue vaccine to cover all four serotypes. Now that there is a fifth serotype this will need to be factored in. One of the concerns is that a vaccine could increase the	the	DET	risk	NOUN	 risk
When the Forest law was repealed, these " miniature greyhounds " became popular in the sport of dog racing. This has led to Whippets being described as " the poor man's racehorse. " They are still frequently used as racing dogs today, as they have	have	VERB	the	DET	 the
Cracker Barrel is known for the loyalty of its customers, particularly travelers who are likely to spend more at restaurants than locals. The locations are themed around the idea of a traditional Southern U.S. general store. Items used to decorate each store are authentic artifacts, including	including	VERB	everyday	ADJ	 everyday
An observer commented that Byrne may not have been in the best of condition for the fight, as " his appearance failed to favour the impression that he possessed active vigour "; boxing historian Gilbert Odd describes the fight as " disgraceful ". Another commentator noted that	that	SCONJ	"	PUNCT	 "
Through Bar Sauma and other later envoys, such as Buscarello de Ghizolfi, Arghun promised the European leaders that if Jerusalem were conquered, he would have himself baptized and would return Jerusalem to the Christians. Bar Sauma was greeted warmly by the European monarchs, but Western	Western	PROPN	Europe	PROPN	 Europe
On the morning of 9 April, the German bridgehead at Barcs had expanded to Lukač, 7 kilometres (4.3 mi) north of Virovitica. Following up the withdrawal of the divisional cavalry battalion, the Germans seized Suho Polje, west of Virovitica, cutting the main	main	ADJ	road	NOUN	 road
The children were Jean Marie Junior (born 1812), Marie Rose (born 1813), Pierre (born 1815), Francois (born 1817), Léocadie (born 1819), Joseph Léonard (born 1819), an anonymous stillbirth (1823),	,	PUNCT	Marie	PROPN	 Marie
His confirmation of her intellectual abilities strengthened Stanton's confidence and self esteem. Upon graduation from Johnstown Academy, Stanton received one of her first tastes of sexual discrimination. Stanton watched with dismay as the young men graduating with her, many of whom she had surpassed academically	academically	ADV	,	PUNCT	,
He was then dropped from the squad for the five match ODI series in Sri Lanka against Sri Lanka in January 2009. Kohli was selected in the four team Emerging Players Tournament in July – August 2009 held in Australia. He opened the innings for India Emerging Players	Players	PROPN	in	ADP	 in
Presley and his wife filed for divorce on August 18. According to Joe Moscheo of the Imperials, the failure of Presley's marriage " was a blow from which he never recovered. " In January 1973, Presley performed two benefit concerts for the Kui Lee Cancer	Cancer	PROPN	Fund	PROPN	 Fund
The next day, Kennedy made a list of 15 areas for improvement. Rocky Mountain News said " the team completely revamped the Noodles concept, overhauling the menu, the prices, the decor and more. It worked. " The restaurant implemented a warmer color scheme	scheme	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
Similar parallels in the decay of civilization are detailed in 1949 post apocalyptic science fiction novel by Berkeley English professor George R. Stewart, Earth Abides. Addressing his approach, Weisman said that eliminating the human element eliminated the " fear factor " that people are doing something wrong	wrong	ADJ	or	CCONJ	 or
Yvon Cormier died of bone marrow cancer on March 4, 2009. Jean Louis Cormier, who was given the ring name Rudy Kay because he resembled a retired wrestler who had used the same name, spent much of his career balancing his roles as promoter and wrestler	wrestler	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
In a council held in Augusta on February 12, Campbell decided to abandon Augusta and began the withdrawal to Savannah on February 14 at 2AM, the morning of the battle. Contrary to opinions expressed by some historians, Campbell did not leave because of the battle's	's	PART	outcome	NOUN	 outcome
Five regional airports opened on 1 August 1974, Sørkjosen, Hammerfest, Mehamn, Berlevåg and Vadsø, all which were connected to Alta and other primary airports by Widerøe using de Havilland Canada DHC 6 Twin Otters. Honningsvåg Airport opened on 1 July 1977. SAS '	'	PART	traffic	NOUN	 traffic
The facts about Abraham Lincoln's service during the Black Hawk War have been disputed. Lincoln was associated with two major battle sites, including Stillman's Run, in the aftermath of combat. A number of sources assert that on June 26, 1832, the morning	morning	NOUN	after	ADP	 after
Each question answered correctly within the time limit moves the team one space ahead on the board. After time expires, the chaser is then given two minutes to catch the team by correctly answering a new series of questions, with each correct answer moving him one space	space	NOUN	along	ADP	 along
One month later, Ron Howard pitches Homer's screenplay from earlier to Brian Grazer of 20th Century Fox, and over a still of Howard rejoicing over securing the deal, a snippet of the theme song of Happy Days is played. During the opening sequence, Bart	Bart	PROPN	originally	ADV	 originally
Some of the Cuban performers later released well received solo albums and recorded collaborations with international stars from different musical genres. The " Buena Vista Social Club " name became an umbrella term to describe these performances and releases, and has been likened to a brand label that	that	PRON	encapsulates	VERB	 encapsulates
The PRR saw the potential publicity to be gained by exhibiting such an old engine, showing it at the 1876 Centennial Exposition in Philadelphia; PRR workshop staff then " back dated " the engine (by replacing some original parts with parts that " looked " old or	or	CCONJ	by	ADP	 by
There is nothing wrong with applying R. v. Miller to a manslaughter case, but the court extended the R. v. Miller doctrine to cover mere facilitation, and then applied that new doctrine to manslaughter. The category of duty created in R. v. Evans seems to contravene the	the	DET	ruling	NOUN	 ruling
The election of a Polish pope had an electrifying effect on what was at that time one of the last idiosyncratically Catholic countries in Europe. When John Paul toured Poland in June 1979, half a million people came to welcome him in Warsaw, and in the next	next	ADJ	eight	NUM	 eight
In 2011 he was made the subject of a biography by Terry Welbourn. Thomas Charles Lethbridge was born on 23 March 1901. His parents, Violet Lethbridge (née Murdoch) and her husband Ambrose Lethbridge, were wealthy and lived at Knowle House in Timberscombe, Somerset	Somerset	VERB	in	ADP	 in
He was a member of the Edmonton Town Council and for two terms, the mayor of Edmonton. Originally a native of Scotland, Edmiston came to Canada to settle in Clover Bar, Northwest Territories in the early 1880s. After living there for about ten years,	,	PUNCT	he	PRON	 he
In adults it results in a reduction of hospital admissions. Heliox, a mixture of helium and oxygen, may also be considered in severe unresponsive cases. Intravenous salbutamol is not supported by available evidence and is thus used only in extreme cases. Methylxanthines (such as	as	ADP	theophylline	NOUN	 theophylline
However, Quadras's main challenge was to make the film authentic and cinematic, explaining that he wrote the film in a manner that showed the struggles Kom went through as a female sportsperson who had to confront opposition from her father, politics and making a comeback after	after	ADP	a	DET	 a
Each year there is a central theme, and prizes are awarded based on creativity. Snowball softball tournaments are held in snowy areas, usually using a bright orange softball for visibility, and burlap sacks filled with snow for the bases. When heavy, wet snow with	with	ADP	a	DET	 a
Following his BAFTA win, Mitchell was ranked at No. 53 in the 2009 MediaGuardian 100, an annual ranking of media people in The Guardian. In reference to his ubiquitous presence in broadcast and print media, The Guardian's writer called him " the go to	to	ADP	funnyman	NOUN	 funnyman
However, here, the Court held that " borrowing of a state limitations period in these cases would be inconsistent with federal policy. " Reviewing Congressional actions in the context of the Indian Claims Commission, the Court concluded that " It would be a violation of Congress	Congress	PROPN	'	PART	 '
Soon after its purchase of the Norfolk Street building, the Church Extension and Missionary Society discovered that the neighborhood had become mostly Jewish and German. By 1884, it realized " the church was too big and costly to maintain ", and put it up for sale	sale	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
Schindler is careful to maintain his friendship with Göth and, through bribery and lavish gifts, continues to enjoy SS support. Göth brutally mistreats his maid and randomly shoots people from the balcony of his villa, and the prisoners are in constant fear for their lives.	.	PUNCT	As	SCONJ	 As
Although it condemned lying, Garnet's treatise supported the notion that when questioned, for instance, on the presence of a priest in his house, a Catholic might " securely in conscience " answer " No " if he had a " secret meaning reserved in his	his	PRON	mind	NOUN	 mind
His successor, his eldest son Someshvara II, feuded with his younger brother, Vikramaditya VI, an ambitious warrior who had initially been governor of Gangavadi in the southern Deccan when Someshvara II was the king. Before 1068, even as a prince, Vikramaditya VI had	had	AUX	invaded	VERB	 invaded
Skilling believed that if employees were constantly worried about cost, it would hinder original thinking. As a result, extravagant spending was rampant throughout the company, especially among the executives. Employees had large expense accounts and many executives were paid sometimes twice as much as competitors	competitors	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
John Lydgate's Troy Book is an exception. Pandarus is one of the elements from Chaucer's poem that Lydgate incorporates, but Guido provides his overall narrative framework. As with other authors, Lydgate's treatment contrasts Troilus ' steadfastness in all things with Cressida's fickleness	fickleness	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
It was filmed at a roller skating rink in Houston and it features Beyoncé's sister Solange Knowles, her background dancers and her female band. The singer's style received comparisons to 1980s fashion and music videos in a similar way to the song itself. " Blow	Blow	PROPN	"	PUNCT	 "
Immediately following the announcement, sales of this and Müller's other novels (five had been translated into English by then) skyrocketed: " On Thursday morning, when the award was announced, The Land of Green Plums, by all accounts Müller's best book,	,	PUNCT	was	AUX	 was
Banksia aemula is generally a gnarled shrub or small tree to 8 m (26 ft), although usually smaller. Conversely, individual wallum banksias have been measured at 8.3 – 12.1 m (27 – 40 ft) high, with a maximum diameter at breast height	height	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
Once out of the hospital, Johnny Sack's daughter gets married and the Soprano family attends. There, Tony is shown very exhausted when taking off his shoes through security. In the process, he collapses to the ground, but is not hurt. Before the	the	DET	wedding	NOUN	 wedding
It focuses on the fictitious William McKinley High School glee club, New Directions, which competes on the show choir competition circuit while its disparate members deal with social issues, especially regarding sexuality and race, relationships, and learning to become an effective team. The initial	initial	ADJ	twelve	NUM	 twelve
During this campaign, Diogenes constructed the fortress of Mylobos, as attested in a founder's inscription. The conquest of Moglena was completed in 1015 or 1016. In 1017, Diogenes and David Arianites led troops to plunder the fertile plain of Pelagonia, where they captured	captured	VERB	many	ADJ	 many
1632 – 38). They indicate an awareness of contemporaneous Dutch landscape painting. The Flemish artist Alexander Keirincx (1600 – 52) was active in England and Scotland where he undertook commissions for Charles I, mainly of royal castles in Northern England and Scotland. These	These	PRON	included	VERB	 included
A passionate Beatles fan, Hughes makes multiple references to them and John Lennon in the script. During filming, Hughes " listened to The White Album every single day for fifty six days ". Hughes also pays tribute to his childhood hero Gordie Howe with Cameron's	's	PART	Detroit	PROPN	 Detroit
Vegetarian cuisine in Mangalore, also known as Udupi cuisine, is known and liked throughout the state and region. Since Mangalore is a coastal city, fish forms the staple diet of most people. Mangalorean Catholics ' Sanna Dukra Maas (Sanna — idli fluffed with toddy	toddy	NOUN	or	CCONJ	 or
Morton ranked as one of the strongest members of the so called " stalwart " faction of the Republican party: those members most deeply committed to protecting and preserving Republican governments in the South. Not surprisingly, during the winter of 1876 77, Morton was among the	the	DET	most	ADV	 most
" Waters commented: " it's about none of us really being there... [it] should have been called Wish We Were Here ". O'Neill Surber explored the lyrics of Pink Floyd and declared the issue of non being a common theme in their music.	.	PUNCT	Waters	NOUN	 Waters
After the war, Moore returned to Melbourne, where he painted images from his Belsen sketches and photographs. They were exhibited commercially, but failed to sell. The Australian War Memorial initially rejected the material because it did not depict Australian soldiers; however it accepted them	them	PRON	in	ADP	 in
Since 2011, Paul has served in the United States Senate as a member of the Republican Party representing Kentucky. He is the son of former U.S. Representative Ron Paul of Texas. Born in Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania, Paul attended Baylor University and is a graduate of the	the	DET	Duke	PROPN	 Duke
Starting in 2012, Federal began producing a new 5.7 × 28 mm round for civilian shooters, designated the AE5728A. The 5.7 × 28 mm cartridge was designed by FN Herstal specifically for use in the FN P90 personal defense weapon and FN Five seven pistol. Subsequently,	,	PUNCT	it	PRON	 it
The music for Final Fantasy was composed by Nobuo Uematsu and marked his 16th video game music composition. Iranian American programmer Nasir Gebelli was hired to code the game. He initially tried to understand all aspects of the gameplay but was soon advised by Sakaguchi to just program	program	VERB	the	DET	 the
He wore a single large gold earring bearing a carbuncle and two pearls. Sviatoslav's mother, Olga, converted to Eastern Orthodox Christianity at the court of Byzantine Emperor Constantine Porphyrogenitus in 957. However, Sviatoslav remained a pagan all of his life. In the treaty	treaty	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
The episode ranked second in its timeslot and was also the highest rated NBC series of the night. Andy Bernard (Ed Helms) returns to Dunder Mifflin to find Nellie Bertram (Catherine Tate) in the manager's chair. Andy enlists Robert California (James Spader	Spader	PROPN	)	PUNCT	)
The video featured the three band members walking around Berkeley and San Francisco at night, eventually ending up back at the original location. Future member of Green Day, Jason White, made a cameo in the video with his then girlfriend. Although not as popular as	as	ADP	"	PUNCT	 "
Three months later, the WDF began a limited raid, Operation Compass. The raid succeeded and was expanded; in two months the WDF advanced 500 miles (800 km), occupied the Italian province of Cyrenaica and destroyed the Italian 10th Army. The operation was	was	AUX	halted	VERB	 halted
Crown Equipment Corporation, headquartered in New Bremen, employs 8,300 residents in the state and is the 7th largest manufacturer of heavy duty equipment in the world. They recently unveiled 20 new fork lift models employing fuel cell technology, bringing that total product specific inventory to 29	29	NUM	models	NOUN	 models
The game was touted as a matchup between two of the top offenses in college football and was nationally televised. Stanford led 21 – 3 after the first quarter and 31 – 24 at halftime, but the Cardinal allowed 28 unanswered points in the second half and lost	lost	VERB	to	ADP	 to
Furthermore, Pallas has a very high axial tilt of 84°, with its north pole pointing towards ecliptic coordinates (β, λ) = (30°, − 16°) with a 5° uncertainty in the Ecliptic J2000.0 reference frame. This means that	that	SCONJ	every	DET	 every
Religious imagery is present throughout the record. " Until the End of the World " is an imagined conversation between Jesus Christ and his betrayer, Judas Iscariot. On " Acrobat ", Bono sings about feelings of spiritual alienation in the line " I'd break bread	bread	NOUN	and	CCONJ	 and
On 5 March, the Indian government directed YouTube to block the video in India and YouTube complied with the order. The film has generated a great deal of controversy in both India and worldwide. Because India does not permit a rape victim's name to be published	published	VERB	the	DET	 the
Susan Yeagley, who previously appeared in " Beauty Pageant ", guest starred in " 94 Meetings " as Jessica Wicks, and Alison Becker reprised her role as reporter Shauna Malwae Tweep, who was first introduced in " The Reporter ". The episode also featured Yvans	Yvans	PROPN	Jourdain	PROPN	 Jourdain
Timberlake described the track as " a rock techno ballad ". " My Love " was well received by music critics, although some criticized Timberlake for some of the lyrics and sounds. The track entered the top ten on most charts, topping several of Billboard magazine	magazine	NOUN	's	PART	's
In a traditional Provençal crèche, the santons represent various characters from Provençal village life such as the scissors grinder, the fishwife, and the chestnut seller. The figurines were first created during the French Revolution when churches were forcibly closed and large nativity scenes prohibited. Today	Today	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
Jewish synagogues Congregation Sons of Israel and Chabad Lubavitch of Briarcliff Manor & Ossining are in Chilmark. Saint Mary's Episcopal Church, founded in 1839 by William Creighton as Saint Mary's Church, Beechwood, is Briarcliff Manor's oldest church; it was reincorporated in 1945	1945	NUM	as	ADP	 as
These technologies were used to sequence the human genome in the Human Genome Project completed in 2003. New high throughput sequencing technologies are dramatically lowering the cost of DNA sequencing, with many researchers hoping to bring the cost of resequencing a human genome down to a thousand dollars	dollars	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
Shen also refuses Pendrew's order to get off the case out of fear of Lee taking over the leadership. Pendrew then leaks Shen's identity to Lee, who attempts to use this information to disgrace Jiang prior to the upcoming election. After Jackie is killed at	at	ADP	the	DET	 the
A wide circle of abolitionists friendly to women's rights began in 1847 to discuss the possibility of holding a convention wholly devoted to women's rights. In October 1847, Lucy Stone gave her first public speech on the subject of women's rights, entitled The Province	Province	PROPN	of	ADP	 of
" Galentine's Day " was seen by more viewers than the previous week's episode " Sweetums ", which drew 4.87 million viewers and was an itself an increase from previous episodes. " Galentine's Day " drew an overall 3.1 rating / 5 share, and	and	CCONJ	a	DET	 a
As the surveyed township roads were the easiest to travel, the first highway was designed on 90 degree, right angle corners as the distance traversed the prairie along range roads and township roads. 1926 Saskatchewan map Highway 5 was constructed through Englefeld in 1961. John Koenig	Koenig	PROPN	was	AUX	 was
For example, Dalton assumed that water's formula was HO, giving the atomic mass of oxygen was 8 times that of hydrogen, instead of the modern value of about 16. In 1805, Joseph Louis Gay Lussac and Alexander von Humboldt showed that water is formed	formed	VERB	of	ADP	 of
While Ryūjō was under construction, Article Three of the London Naval Treaty of 1930 closed the above mentioned loophole; consequently, Ryūjō was the only light aircraft carrier of her type to be completed by Japan. Ryūjō had a length of 179.9 meters (590 ft 3	3	NUM	in	ADP	 in
The Rookies led by 3 at halftime, but Durant took over in the second half, scoring 30 of his 46 points in the second half as the Sophomores outscored the Rookies by 6 points to win the game. The game marked the seventh consecutive loss for the	the	DET	Rookies	NOUN	 Rookies
Following a disagreement, Davies threw Lindwall his jumper, but the matter faded away and the bowler was not no balled again after discussing the matter with Bradman. Lindwall then bounced Washbrook again and this time the England opener went for the hook shot. The ball flew	flew	VERB	high	ADV	 high
The aid had not materialized and the hetmans faced a superior Turkish and Tatar force led by Iskender Pasha. In the aftermath of the failed Battle of Ţuţora (1620) Żółkiewski was killed, Koniecpolski captured, and the Commonwealth left opened defenseless, but disagreements between the	the	DET	Turkish	ADJ	 Turkish
Females can often breed until age 40, after which comes a rapid decrease in fertility. Orcas are not the only animals to go through menopause and live for decades after they have finished breeding. The lifespans of wild females average 50 years, with a maximum of	of	ADP	90	NUM	 90
American expert on constitutional law Albert Blaustein called it the " world's second national constitution ", and American journalist Bill Moyers wrote that it was " Europe's first codified national constitution (and the second oldest in the world) ". British historian Norman Davies calls	calls	VERB	it	PRON	 it
The Jersey Shore Area Joint Water Authority ’ s water filtration plant is on Larrys Creek, near the border between Mifflin and Anthony Townships. The plant has been there since at least 1914 and provides water from the creek to 2,500 industrial and residential customers in the boroughs	boroughs	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
Born in Winchester, Hampshire, in England, he immigrated to Canada in his late twenties, settling first in Ontario and then in Alberta, where he farmed. He soon became involved in the United Farmers of Alberta (UFA), a farmers ' lobby organization	organization	NOUN	that	PRON	 that
Following the Battle of Sedgemoor, the Duke fled and spent the night of 6 July at Downside, a mile north of Shepton, before continuing his flight for two more days before his capture. Following the Bloody Assizes, twelve local supporters of Monmouth were hanged and	and	CCONJ	quartered	VERB	 quartered
Brooks moved into feature film work when he wrote and co produced the 1979 film Starting Over. His next project was the critically acclaimed film Terms of Endearment, which he produced, directed and wrote, winning an Academy Award for all three positions. Basing his next	next	ADJ	film	NOUN	 film
Quinn brought in Ed Valigursky as the art editor; he designed striking covers, including some wraparound artwork — an unusual feature — which helped improve circulation. Quinn began searching for a replacement editor: writer Lester del Rey turned down the job (a decision he is	is	AUX	reported	VERB	 reported
Shell middens indicate that they also harvested shellfish from the coast. Although natural disasters such as floods, drought, and wildfires occurred during that time, as they do today, the Juañeno did not affect the environment of the area in either a negative or positive way	way	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
Catt later used the teaching to good effect in leading the final drive to gain women the vote in 1920. Catt, Stone and Blackwell went together to the January, 1892 NAWSA convention in Washington, DC. Along with Isabella Beecher Hooker, Stone, Stanton and	and	CCONJ	Anthony	PROPN	 Anthony
Cleveland is home to the I. M. Pei designed Rock and Roll Hall of Fame, located on the Lake Erie waterfront at North Coast Harbor downtown. Neighboring attractions include Cleveland Browns Stadium, the Great Lakes Science Center, the Steamship Mather Museum, and the USS Cod	Cod	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
The song was written by Aguilera, Claude Kelly and C. " Tricky " Stewart, with production was handled by Stewart. The song talks about getting glam and sexy before a night out. According to Aguilera and Kelly, " Glam " was a throwback to Madonna	Madonna	PROPN	's	PART	's
Nelson sought recompense for the loss of the territory in the 1667 Treaty of Breda, but Tailer's efforts were in vain. He also lobbied on his own behalf for a military pension. He successfully convinced Lord Cobham that he deserved one for his service at Port	Port	PROPN	Royal	PROPN	 Royal
Originally released on 1 March 1973, on the label Harvest. It built on ideas explored in the band's earlier recordings and live shows, but lacks the extended instrumental excursions that characterised their previous work following the departure in 1968 of founder member, principal composer,	,	PUNCT	and	CCONJ	 and
The karmic inflow on account of yoga driven by passions and emotions cause a long term inflow of karma prolonging the cycle of reincarnations. On the other hand, the karmic inflows on account of actions that are not driven by passions and emotions have only a transient,	,	PUNCT	short	ADJ	 short
William and Gilla's daughters were Margaret, Clemence, and Sara, all of whom were unmarried at the time of their father's death. Margaret married twice – first to Hugh de Cressy and second to Robert fitzRoger. Clemence married Jordan de Sackville, and Sara	Sara	PROPN	married	VERB	 married
After a hiatus, Fox returned to WWE television on the July 15 episode of Main Event, losing to Becky Lynch. On July 19, at the 2016 WWE Draft, Fox was drafted to Raw. Fox made guest appearances for the reality television show Total Divas	Divas	PROPN	produced	VERB	 produced
They also considered that the multiple protagonist design " was a welcome change of pace " and could become a benchmark for the eighth generation of gaming. In December 2013, The Daily Telegraph listed the game among their " 50 best games of the console generation ".	.	PUNCT	They	PRON	 They
The album demonstrates yet another distinctive progression in West's musical style and approach to production. After spending the previous year touring the world with Irish rock band U2 on their Vertigo Tour, West became inspired by watching Bono open the stadium tours every night to incredible ovations	ovations	NOUN	and	CCONJ	 and
The monarchy of Antigua and Barbuda has its roots in the Spanish monarchy, under the authority of which the islands were first colonized in the late 15th century, and later the British monarchy, as a Crown colony. On 1 November 1981, the country gained independence	independence	NOUN	from	ADP	 from
Billboard magazine also noted the song has an " unusually saucy groove ". According to Bob Waliszewski of Plugged In, " Houston exuberantly captures the joy of meeting a special someone " through the song. Billboard reviewed the song favorably, writing that it is " a	a	DET	wonderfully	ADV	 wonderfully
There was a more positive result in the FA Cup however as a brace from Ched Evans helped the Blades ease past Oxford United. By mid – November, and with Danny Wilson still seeking to add to his attacking options, it was reported that former striker and	and	CCONJ	fans	NOUN	 fans
The episode was written by the show's head writer and executive producer, Russell T Davies. He compared the main concept of the episode — life without the Doctor — to the 1998 film Sliding Doors. Davies hoped to pose a question to the viewer: "	"	PUNCT	does	AUX	 does
Normal limits for the game are US $2,000 per hand; Sinatra had been playing for US $8,000 and wanted the stakes to be raised to US $16,000. When Sinatra began shouting after his request was denied, hotel executive Sanford Waterman came to talk with	with	ADP	him	PRON	 him
This was accepted, and the incident was soon largely forgotten. Sobers regained his overwhelming popularity with West Indian cricket fans, continued as team captain until 1972 and retired from cricket two years later. He thereafter retained his stance that politics should not interfere with sport.	.	PUNCT	His	PRON	 His
He did so " to bridge the gap between the Brahmins and the non Brahmins and find an appropriate context in which to build a new grassroots unity between them " in his nationalistic strivings against the British in Maharashtra. Because of Ganesha's wide appeal as " the	the	DET	god	PROPN	 god
The discovery of the new elements and the new data on neutron capture were initially kept secret on the orders of the U.S. military until 1955 due to Cold War tensions. Nevertheless, the Berkeley team were able to prepare einsteinium and fermium by civilian means, through the	the	DET	neutron	NOUN	 neutron
Steinberg worked during the tour's pre production to show the group how to communicate their ideas all the way to the last rows of a venue. Recognizing Bono was not a dancer, she focused on movements he could do, and sought to help him pace himself	himself	PRON	and	CCONJ	 and
Among the most significant intellectual figures associated with Romanticism was Thomas Carlyle (1795 – 1881), born in Scotland and later a resident of London. He was largely responsible for bringing the works of German Romantics such as Schiller and Goethe to the attention of a British	British	ADJ	audience	NOUN	 audience
As a result, little in history was documented to give an accurate description of how female homosexuality is expressed. When early sexologists in the late 19th century began to categorize and describe homosexual behavior, hampered by a lack of knowledge about homosexuality or women's sexuality,	,	PUNCT	they	PRON	 they
That would have been bad leadership. Hartmann's last kill occurred over Brno, Czechoslovakia, on 8 May, the last day of the war in Europe. Early that morning, he was ordered to fly a reconnaissance mission and report the position of Soviet forces.	.	PUNCT	Hartmann	PROPN	 Hartmann
She was named after her paternal great grandmother, who was born Princess Elisabeth of Prussia. Her paternal aunt had the same name and was also nicknamed Ella. Elisabeth's early death was rumored to be a result of poison meant for her uncle, Tsar Nicholas II	II	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
The company began in 1953 as Insta Burger King, a Jacksonville, Florida based restaurant chain. After Insta Burger King ran into financial difficulties in 1954, its two Miami based franchisees, David Edgerton and James McLamore, purchased the company and renamed it Burger King.	.	PUNCT	Over	ADP	 Over
This will be the last time the band tour in support of The Blackening before writing the next album, as Dave McClain described in an interview, before their Belfast show in Northern Ireland. In November 2010, Machine Head began writing and demoing new material for their	their	PRON	seventh	ADJ	 seventh
Rejection of xenotransplantated organs is thought to be, in part, the result of natural antibodies circulating in the serum of the recipient binding to α Gal antigens expressed on the donor tissue. Virtually all microbes can trigger an antibody response. Successful recognition and eradication of many	many	ADJ	different	ADJ	 different
Although the extended play was initially slated for an October 2 release, it was ultimately released on October 16 in the United States and Canada. Ghost incorporates styles from several musical genres, whereas her earlier works more prominently incorporated electropop styles. Writing for Now, Kevin	Kevin	PROPN	Ritchie	PROPN	 Ritchie
" Sunsets " was mixed in Atlanta, Georgia, by Brendan OBrien, who had previously worked with DiDia. Fanning described the album during production stages as " a much more dry, direct rock ", but also noted that " just because I rock, does	does	AUX	n't	PART	n't
A rather large mushroom, it may reach dimensions of up to 25 cm (9.8 in) broad by 20 cm (7.9 in) tall. It is commonly known as the mosaic puffball, a reference to the polygonal shaped segments the outer surface of the fruiting	fruiting	VERB	body	NOUN	 body
Having won the domestic league for the first time in four years, Wenger revealed the club's and his own intent to win the Champions League, telling French newspaper L ' Equipe " I can't imagine finishing my life without winning the European Cup ". Arsenal	Arsenal	PROPN	began	VERB	 began
Italy provided the Shelleys, Byron, and other exiles with a political freedom unattainable at home. Despite its associations with personal loss, Italy became for Mary Shelley " a country which memory painted as paradise ". Their Italian years were a time of intense intellectual and	and	CCONJ	creative	ADJ	 creative
As a result, the Marines halted their attack for the night and prepared to resume it the next day. Unaware that the Marines threatened their positions on the west bank of the Matanikau, the Japanese commanders — including Maruyama and Nasu — ordered their units to hold	hold	VERB	in	ADP	 in
After the played on the Milwaukee Bucks ' 2013 NBA Summer League team, Shurna signed a 2 year contract with Joventut Badalona. He signed with the Toronto Raptors for the 2014 NBA Summer League and posted 21 points on 6 for 9 field goal shooting including 5 three	three	NUM	point	NOUN	 point
It is also grown in plantations, as its bright and lightweight timber is highly sought after in European markets for use in making fine furniture and veneers. The wood dries rapidly and is easy to work with normal tools. It is creamy white to light yellow in	in	ADP	colour	NOUN	 colour
Before the subsequent kickoff, Virginia Tech committed a 15 yard personal foul penalty, allowing Nebraska to kick off from the 50 yard line instead of the regulation 35 yard line. The kick resulted in a touchback, and Tech started from its 20 yard line. Oxendine	Oxendine	NOUN	picked	VERB	 picked
One of Carey's most high profile benefit concert appearances was on VH1's 1998 Divas Live special, during which she performed alongside other female singers in support of the Save the Music Foundation. The concert was a ratings success, and Carey participated in the Divas 2000	2000	NUM	special	NOUN	 special
A Cornell Combined Heat & Power Project, which was completed in December 2009, shifted the central heating plant from using coal to natural gas and enable the plant to generate all of the campus's non peak electric requirements. In the 1880s, a suspension bridge was	was	AUX	built	VERB	 built
The first two of these were on the judging panel for the 1863 competition. All the competitors had to set the same text by Gustave Chouquet, a cantata about David Rizzio; after all the settings had been performed Massenet came face to face with the judges.	.	PUNCT	He	PRON	 He
These are known as the Trojan asteroids, and are divided into Greek and Trojan " camps " to commemorate the Iliad. The first of these, 588 Achilles, was discovered by Max Wolf in 1906; since then more than two thousand have been discovered. The	The	DET	largest	ADJ	 largest
It revealed the presence of the solar wind and performed the first fly by of the planet Venus, although contact was lost before reaching Venus. The first successful planetary mission was the Mariner 2 fly by of Venus in 1962. The first spacecraft to perform a fly	fly	NOUN	by	ADP	 by
The two form a plan, and then break free of the ropes and attack the aliens with their umbrellas. The couple escapes on a rocket similar to the one in A Trip to the Moon and land in the sea, where a merman resembling the sea god	god	PROPN	Poseidon	PROPN	 Poseidon
At the time of the race, which commenced at 10.40am, there was a strong easterly wind. With a higher stroke rate than their opponents, the Light Blues took the lead from the start and by Craven Steps were almost clear. At the Mile Post,	,	PUNCT	Oxford	PROPN	 Oxford
Of the top 10 rated hospitals in the city (top 12 in the state), 4 are Banner hospitals. Barrow Neurological Institute (BNI) at St. Joseph's Hospital and Medical Center is the world's largest dedicated neurosurgical center and a leader in neurosurgical training	training	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
Maunsell had begun to research smoke deflection techniques to improve driver visibility on the King Arthur class between 1926 and 1927, which resulted in the adoption of a standard smoke deflector design for the Southern Railway. A smaller version was fitted to Nos. 1400 – 1414 during	during	ADP	building	NOUN	 building
Passing south of Westport, the freeway is routed along a peninsula in extreme southeastern Pawnee County, before crossing Keystone Lake, formed by the impounded Arkansas River, into far southern Osage County. US 64 and US 412 only traverse a short distance in the county,	,	PUNCT	however	ADV	 however
The Israeli authorities took control of the springs, an important irrigation source. This move combined with increasing competition from Israeli citrus farmers, damaged the local citrus industry. In 1982 the mayor was dismissed and the municipal council of Deir al Balah was disbanded and replaced by	by	ADP	an	DET	 an
Idaho offers a custom license plate featuring an Appaloosa horse, the first state to offer a plate featuring a state horse. Located in Moscow, Idaho, the ApHC is the principal body for the promotion and preservation of the Appaloosa breed and is an international organization.	.	PUNCT	Affiliate	PROPN	 Affiliate
Late in the first quarter, Nebraska narrowed the gap when Brandon Kinnie caught a 54 yard touchdown pass from Taylor Martinez. In the second quarter, each team scored once. The Cornhuskers ' Brett Maher kicked a 51 yard field goal, and Denard Robinson responded with	with	ADP	a	DET	 a
It is used for the instrument with which an action is carried out, for oblique objects of intransitive verbs (also called antipassive verbs) and for secondary objects of transitive verbs. nano q savim mi nik kapi vaa " He stabbed the bear with his knife "	"	PUNCT	polar	ADJ	 polar
Abra had agreed to turn around the hospital's struggling Acute Assessment Unit, and in return, Sutherland would allow him to use the hospital's theatres at night to operate on African children through a charity scheme Abra was involved in. The plan fell through when Sutherland	Sutherland	PROPN	was	AUX	 was
Octavian made another bold move in 44 BC when, without official permission, he appropriated the annual tribute that had been sent from Rome's Near Eastern province to Italy. Octavian began to bolster his personal forces with Caesar's veteran legionaries and with troops designated for the	the	DET	Parthian	ADJ	 Parthian
At Unforgiven, Candice Michelle defeated Beth Phoenix to retain the WWE Women's Championship. Phoenix, however, later defeated Candice at No Mercy to win the title. On the September 4 episode of ECW on Sci Fi, CM Punk defeated John Morrison to win the	the	DET	ECW	PROPN	 ECW
The tensions escalated into the Croatian War of Independence when the Yugoslav People's Army and various Serb paramilitaries mobilized inside Croatia. On 3 October, the Yugoslav Navy renewed its blockade of the main ports of Croatia. This move followed months of standoff and the capture of	of	ADP	Yugoslav	ADJ	 Yugoslav
The route has a cloverleaf interchange with Yardville Hamilton Square Road before passing near business parks and reaching a cloverleaf junction with US 130. After US 130, the road enters Robbinsville Township as the settings start to become more rural, with a few areas of suburban development	development	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
Most of the ship's regular seamen were held prisoner at Corfu. They were subsequently encouraged to join the French Navy, Lejoille attempting to enlist them on Généreux when a Russian squadron blockaded the port. Lejoille's demands were met with a response from a maintopman named	named	VERB	George	PROPN	 George
The agreement went into effect in 2012. t.co is a URL shortening service created by Twitter. It is only available for links posted to Twitter and not available for general use. All links posted to Twitter use a t.co wrapper. Twitter hopes that the service will	will	AUX	be	AUX	 be
General Westmoreland, who had already cancelled the truce in I Corps, requested that its ally cancel the upcoming cease fire, but President Thiệu (who had already reduced the cease fire to 36 hours), refused to do so, claiming that it would damage troop	troop	NOUN	morale	NOUN	 morale
Sakamoto has expressed no interest in working on a Metroid movie himself, but stated he could support such a project by Ryuji Kitaura, director of the CG scenes in Other M, if the concept and methodologies were good enough. In December 2012, Peer Schneider of	of	ADP	IGN	PROPN	 IGN
After redistricting, McEwen found himself running in a huge area stretching from Lebanon to Marietta. This new district was very difficult to campaign in. It spilled across six media markets, meaning that McEwen had to buy ads in cities where most of the viewers couldn't	n't	PART	vote	VERB	 vote
Heavy rains fell at Guam, where amounts totalled between 254 millimetres (10.0 in) and 279 millimetres (11.0 in). Moving through a break in the subtropical ridge, Carmen rapidly strengthened as it turned north, then northeast, on October 6 when maximum sustained	sustained	ADJ	winds	NOUN	 winds
Melina kept control until Stratus fought back with forearm shots. Stratus pinned Melina after a diving bulldog to retain the title. Next, Triple H met Ric Flair in a Last Man Standing match. Flair was still on his way to the ring, when Triple H	H	PROPN	attacked	VERB	 attacked
The areas of the world in which there is the greatest linguistic diversity, such as the Americas, Papua New Guinea, West Africa, and South Asia, contain hundreds of small language families. These areas together account for the majority of the world's languages,	,	PUNCT	though	SCONJ	 though
The Supreme Court considers subsections (b) and (c) to be " to separate crimes — or two pairs of crimes. " In Dixson v. United States (1984), the Court held that, under the federal bribery and gratuity statute, the definition	definition	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
The uninfected workers are sent down to the warehouse to avoid contracting lice. Darryl had recently manipulated the warehouse foreman Val (Ameenah Kaplan) into breaking up with him because he wanted to have a new start when he moves to Philadelphia for his job at Jim's	's	PART	new	ADJ	 new
Honoré IV died shortly after his throne was restored to him, and structural restoration of the palace began under Honoré V and was continued after his death in 1841 by his brother Prince Florestan. However, by the time of Florestan's accession, Monaco was once again	again	ADV	experiencing	VERB	 experiencing
35 million years ago, a bolide impacted what is now eastern Virginia. The resulting crater may explain sinking and earthquakes in the region. The climate of Virginia becomes increasingly warmer and more humid farther south and east. Seasonal extremes vary from average lows of 26°	°	NOUN	F	PROPN	 F
They faced the Netherlands in the Round of 16; Dennis Bergkamp put the Dutch ahead on 11 minutes after Marc Overmars took advantage of a mistake by Terry Phelan, and Wim Jonk scored the second and final goal of the game from 30 yards after Packie Bonner fluffed	fluffed	VERB	an	DET	 an
All four crewmen survived the incident, and the upper Anson was repaired and returned to flight service. No. 2 Service Flying Training School (SFTS), based at RAAF Station Forest Hill near Wagga Wagga, New South Wales, was one of several pilot training	training	NOUN	facilities	NOUN	 facilities
In a 2008 report, the International Bar Association Human Rights Institute (" IBAHRI ") claimed that the " slim likelihood " of a successful defence to defamation, combined with high damages awarded in cases involving PAP officials, " sheds doubt on the independence of the	the	DET	judiciary	NOUN	 judiciary
Major General Andriamihaja most likely fathered the queen's only son, Prince Rakoto (later King Radama II), who was born eleven months after the death of his official father, King Radama I. In the early years of Ranavalona's reign, Andriamihaja was the leader	leader	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
Major decisions were made by The Skinners ' Company, but its powers were restricted by the Charity Commissioners, who were granted considerable powers under the Endowed Schools Act. Soon after the First World War, in the wake of the Education Act 1918, the Burnham Scale	Scale	PROPN	of	ADP	 of
New translations based on this work were published by Kenneth H. Jackson in 1969 and, with modernized Welsh text and glossary, by A.O.H. Jarman in 1988. A colour facsimile edition of the manuscript with an introduction by Daniel Huws was published by South Glamorgan County Council and	and	CCONJ	the	DET	 the
It was originally constructed in 1607 – 1610, during the reign of Henry IV, as the corner pavilion between the Tuileries Palace to the north and the Louvre's Grande Galerie to the east. The pavilion was entirely redesigned and rebuilt by Hector Lefuel in 1864 –	–	PUNCT	1868	NUM	 1868
The 1999 local elections resulted in the party's first mayor as a direct result of an election, Terje Søviknes in Os. 20 municipalities also elected a deputy mayor from the Progress Party. While the Progress Party had witnessed close to 35% support in opinion polls	polls	NOUN	in	ADP	 in
Cumming returned to England in 1855 and on 22 May was appointed to HMS Glatton, an ironclad floating battery with orders to sail her to the Black Sea. He carried out these orders but arrived after the end of the war and returned Glatton to the United Kingdom	Kingdom	PROPN	by	ADP	 by
He also was a member of the Edmonton Exhibition Association, Old Timers ' Association as well as a director and manager with the Alberta Lumber Company, founder and president of the Edmonton Kennel Club, and one of the founders of a local contractors ' association. In	In	ADP	1906	NUM	 1906
To persuade his fellow Politburo members of the risk posed by the mentally ill, Andropov circulated a report from the Krasnodar Region. A secret resolution of the USSR Council of Ministers was adopted. Andropov's proposal to use psychiatry for struggle against dissenters was adopted and implemented	implemented	VERB	.	PUNCT	.
That night the Japanese fell back from the position and the following day the Australians occupied Christmas Hills. In the west, the 26th Infantry Brigade had begun patrolling operations north of Sattelberg on 27 November, moving towards the Song River. The distance to Wareo was 6,000	6,000	NUM	yards	NOUN	 yards
Owing to the importance of cellos and cello music in the narrative, Hisaishi emphasized the instrument in his soundtrack; he described the challenge of centring a score around the cello as one of the most difficult things he had ever done. This score was played during shooting	shooting	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
The Wing has received numerous awards and recognitions, including unit citations from the Northeast Region Headquarters and National Headquarters, as well as government recognition by local, state and federal officials. Several individual members, including most cadet officers, are recognized by the Connecticut General Assembly	Assembly	PROPN	upon	SCONJ	 upon
The motion of material around the center indicates that Sagittarius A * harbors a massive, compact object. This concentration of mass is best explained as a supermassive black hole (SMBH) with an estimated mass of 4.1 – 4.5 million times the mass of the Sun.	.	PUNCT	The	DET	 The
The construction of Literary Hall was part of the society's effort to revive the organization and reassemble its original library. The society set about recovering original volumes and purchasing new ones, and the library reopened with 700 volumes. For a period of ten years between 1870	1870	NUM	and	CCONJ	 and
Switching jobs consumes " capacity points " which are awarded to the entire party following every battle, much like gil. Different weapons, armor and accessories, and magic spells are utilized by each job. A character's level of proficiency at a particular job increases the	the	PRON	longer	ADV	 longer
Despite his dense and difficult prose, Innis was one of Canada's most original thinkers. He helped develop the staples thesis, which holds that Canada's culture, political history, and economy have been decisively influenced by the exploitation and export of a series of "	"	PUNCT	staples	NOUN	 staples
The number of ducks that died was originally reported at around 500, but in March 2009 Syncrude revealed that the number was in fact more than 1,600. In response to accusations from opposition and environmental groups that his government, which had known the actual number since the	the	DET	summer	NOUN	 summer
McQuaid and O'Grady both felt that the absence of people along the course deprived the race of the atmosphere present at other cycling events, and said that it failed to take supporters ' wishes into consideration. Cycling Australia's reaction to the cyclists ' complaints was to request	request	VERB	that	SCONJ	 that
" the trunkline continues through the community of Good Hart up the Lake Michigan shoreline to the community of Cross Village. M 119, and state maintenance, end at the intersection between Lake Shore Drive and C 66 / C 77 (State Road) in the middle	middle	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
It won " Best Current Affairs programme " at the 7th Irish Film and Television Awards in February 2010. The show returned in September 2012. However, RTÉ announced in October 2012 that the show would be revamped in early 2013. In November 2012, media reports	reports	NOUN	indicated	VERB	 indicated
The two highways run along Grandview Parkway, a four lane boulevard on the shore of the West Arm of Grand Traverse Bay. At the intersection of Grandview Parkway and Division Street, M 22 ends. US 31 / M 37 run north along Division Street and turn	turn	VERB	east	ADV	 east
On 24 October 2008, a jury found Lex Wotton, a two time councillor on the Palm Island Aboriginal Shire Council, guilty of inciting the 2004 riot that resulted in the destruction of the island's police station, the courthouse, and an officer's residence.	.	PUNCT	Wotton	PROPN	 Wotton
There are also praiseworthy activities, that include charity and pilgrimage to sanctuaries, and their subsequent rewards. The pains of hell and the pleasure of heaven are also illustrated. There are scenes of daily life, complete with the full panorama of samsara (the endless cycle	cycle	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
Blondeau returned to France following Cromwell's death, but he was summoned to return to London in 1661 following an order from King Charles II to modernise operations at the Mint. He received a contract from the Mint, which he fulfilled until his death in 1672,	,	PUNCT	to	PART	 to
She offers a book and globe to the people of her state, promising a bright future. She is surrounded by symbols of Michigan's economy, including a plow, cornucopia, and a laurel wreath to represent agriculture. Also included are symbols representing shipping, mining	mining	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
The Illinois Supreme Court reversed the circuit court decision, ruling that the retainer was the property of DLA Piper and not Dowling. Both the Illinois State Bar Association and Chicago Bar Association filed amicus curiae briefs in the case favoring the law firm's position. The case	case	NOUN	dealt	VERB	 dealt
Bradbury Robinson, playing for visionary coach Eddie Cochems at St. Louis University, threw the first legal pass in a September 5, 1906, game against Carroll College at Waukesha. Other important changes, formally adopted in 1910, were the requirements that at least seven offensive	offensive	ADJ	players	NOUN	 players
Milutin's response to Shishman's act of aggression was much more successful. His counter attack resulted in Serbian forces reaching Vidin and capturing Shishman's capital after a brief siege. The despot, however, managed to escape north of the Danube to the safety of his	his	PRON	Tatar	PROPN	 Tatar
Originally, the top finisher in the league at the end of the season was supposed to receive home field advantage throughout Stage 2, but in August 2003, PL officials announced that if the first place team led the second place team by more than five games at	at	ADP	the	DET	 the
Similar messages would be expected following the 08: 19 handshake but none were received, supporting the fuel starvation scenario. For system efficacy and reliability, aircraft transmissions made in response to a signal from a satellite are sent in timed slots referenced to the time the signal	signal	NOUN	from	ADP	 from
For the 2011 Belgian Grand Prix, Schumacher's 20th anniversary in Formula One, he wore a commemorative gold leafed helmet. The helmet, very similar to his current helmet, included the year of his début to the present, and the years of his seven World	World	PROPN	titles	NOUN	 titles
Watson was to map out a number of lots in the area including the western boundary for Beverley town site. Two of the lots surveyed were Avon location 14 with 5,000 acres (20 km2), and Avon location K with 4,000 acres (16 km2);	;	PUNCT	location	NOUN	 location
The festival praised the game's " fluid controls, unique, non linear gameplay, and vibrant hand drawn storybook style graphics ". The game received praise from many different reviewers; Cam Shea of IGN called it " a stunning effort from such a small team "	"	PUNCT	,	PUNCT	,
In the United States, " What Makes You Beautiful " became the highest Billboard Hot 100 debut for a British act since 1998. On 1 March 2012, the single debuted on the Billboard Hot 100 at number 28, whilst bowing at number 12 on the Hot	Hot	PROPN	Digital	PROPN	 Digital
The X 10 semiworks operated as a plutonium production plant until January 1945, when it was turned over to research activities. By this time, 299 batches of irradiated slugs had been processed. A radioisotope building, a steam plant, and other structures were added in	in	ADP	April	PROPN	 April
Since it is easier for a snake's tongue to fulfill its olfactory function under water, its action is short compared to that of terrestrial snake species. Only the forked tips protrude from the mouth through a divided notch in the middle of the rostral scale. The	The	DET	nostrils	NOUN	 nostrils
Jon Lauckner, a Vice President at General Motors, responded that the study did not consider the inconvenience of a 7 miles (11 km) electric range and that the study's cost estimate of US $1,000 per kWh for the Volt's battery pack was "	"	PUNCT	many	ADJ	 many
Moreover, he believed that the proposed fleet would be inadequate given the rapid naval expansion being undertaken by the major powers, and that if it was adopted there would be a requirement to buy further dreadnoughts in order to keep pace. This note was included as an	an	DET	appendix	NOUN	 appendix
From Jongkind, Monet learned to substitute optical color for local color. " Complementing the teaching I received from Boudin, Jongkind was from that moment my true master, " Monet later reminisced. " It was he who completed the education of my eye ". This	This	DET	new	ADJ	 new
A 2000 study argued for the elevation of the two forms into separate species (L. africana and L. cyclotis respectively) based on differences in skull morphology. DNA studies published in 2001 and 2007 also suggested they were distinct species, while studies in 2002 and 2005 concluded	concluded	VERB	that	SCONJ	 that
The historian Michael Wood has suggested that before the arrival of Wuffa's dynasty in Britain, it had been founded by " some powerful and important warrior " that was of an ancient royal line. According to the 13th century chronicler Roger of Wendover, Wuffa ruled from	from	ADP	571	NUM	 571
Buildings, as defined by the National Register, are distinguished in the traditional sense. Examples include a house, barn, hotel, church, or similar construction. They are created primarily to shelter human activity. The term building, as in outbuilding, can be	be	AUX	used	VERB	 used
The Nescopeck Mountain Barrens are a ridgetop dwarf tree forest natural community. The barrens consist of scrub oaks, hairgrass, pitch pines, little bluestems, and blueberries. A portion of the Pennsylvania State Game Lands Number 58 is on Nescopeck Mountain. Additionally, the Pennsylvania	Pennsylvania	PROPN	State	PROPN	 State
Burroughs saw in the panels the hand of an expressive artist, " all nerves and sensibilities ", overcome with sympathy for the plight of the central figures in the panels, but who was nonetheless weak in drawing line. This profile, he believed, was incompatible	incompatible	ADJ	with	ADP	 with
Chris Carter described the " Colony " and " End Game " two parter as the " backbone of the show, the romantic quest of Mulder for the truth and Scully as well ", and that it led Scully to believe in the conspiracy. The motel scene	scene	NOUN	with	ADP	 with
Instead, in March 1942 the Japanese military adopted a strategy of isolating Australia from the United States by capturing Port Moresby in New Guinea and the Solomon Islands, Fiji, Samoa and New Caledonia. Yet this plan was frustrated by the Japanese defeat in the Battle of	of	ADP	the	DET	 the
It is surrounded by many other large towns and cities which can be seen on this directional compass: In the Taunton area Permian (295 – 250 million years ago) red sandstones and breccia outcrop, while rocks of Triassic age (248 – 204 million years ago	ago	ADV	)	PUNCT	)
Since different neuronal cell types are neatly organized into layers in the hippocampus, it has frequently been used as a model system for studying neurophysiology. The form of neural plasticity known as long term potentiation (LTP) was first discovered to occur in the hippocampus and has	has	AUX	often	ADV	 often
Schumacher retired from Formula One driving in 2006 staying with Ferrari as an advisor. He came close to an eighth title that year, but due to technical problems in the final two races he fell short to Fernando Alonso. Schumacher agreed to return for Ferrari part way	way	NOUN	through	ADP	 through
The plaintiff, McCausland, cited that the need for the sixty eight trains was " additional but unnecessary ". The Board of Public Utility Commissioners did not justify any changes or wrongdoing by the railroad, and as a result, no changes to service were made at	at	ADP	Roseville	PROPN	 Roseville
Eventually, Rama takes jaina diksha (converts to Digambara monk), becomes an ascetic and attains nirvana (enlightenment). Considered a complementary work to the Pampa Bharatha of Adikavi Pampa (941, a Jain version of the epic Mahabharata), the work earned Nagachandra	Nagachandra	PROPN	the	DET	 the
Chords can not be shifted diagonally without changing finger patterns. Standard tuning has four finger patterns for musical intervals, four forms for basic major chords, and three forms for the inversion of the basic major chords. Major thirds tunings are unconventional open tunings, in which	which	PRON	the	DET	 the
Back at the hotel a mêlée erupted; fire extinguishers were set off, guests (and objects) thrown into the swimming pool and a piano reportedly destroyed. The chaos ended only when police arrived with guns drawn. A furious Holiday Inn management presented the groups with	with	ADP	a	DET	 a
The hotel was built by Sir Thomas Morgan, during the reign of Charles I. Cardiff Arms Park was named after this hotel. From 1803, the Cardiff Arms Hotel and the Park had become the property of the Bute family. The Arms Park soon became a popular	popular	ADJ	place	NOUN	 place
A series of popes sided with and became financial supporters of the Catholic League. This ended under Pope Clement VIII, who hesitantly accepted King Henry IV's 1598 Edict of Nantes, which granted civil and religious toleration to French Protestants. The Council of Trent (1545	1545	NUM	–	PUNCT	 –
She returned to Los Angeles to perform the part of Princess Tiger Lily in Peter Pan. Both films were shot by cinematographer James Wong Howe but Peter Pan was more successful; the hit of the Christmas season. The next year, Wong was singled out for critical	critical	ADJ	praise	NOUN	 praise
During the first year of racing the main spectator stand collapsed, injuring many spectators. In 1876 events were moved to a new course approximately one mile in circumference at Radcliffe Moor, upon which site the town's cricket club now stands. The town is home to	to	ADP	Central	PROPN	 Central
The funds for supporting the agency supervising adherence to these regulations were to be raised through an increase in the price of meat and chicken. The affected vendors and consumers, however, refused to pay this levy. They likened it to the korobka, a tax on	on	ADP	meat	NOUN	 meat
Þorgerðr and Irpa appear together in Jómsvíkinga saga, Njáls saga and Þorleifs þáttr jarlsskálds. Irpa does not appear outside of these four attestations, but Þorgerðr also appears in the Prose Edda book Skáldskaparmál, Færeyinga saga, and Harðar saga ok Hólmverja and is mentioned in Ketils	Ketils	PROPN	saga	NOUN	 saga
Vanadinite is a lead chlorovanadate with the chemical formula Pb5 (VO4) 3Cl. It is composed (by weight) of 73.15% lead, 10.79% vanadium, 13.56% oxygen, and 2.50% chlorine. Each structural unit of vanadinite contains a chlorine ion surrounded	surrounded	VERB	by	ADP	 by
The tour started on Friday, 23 October in the Sportpaleis Antwerp. Roxette were due to play the Night of the Proms back in 2002, but Fredriksson's illness meant they had to pull out. Despite the Night of the Proms announcement, the first appearance of	of	ADP	Roxette	PROPN	 Roxette
The word originates from around 1375 to 1376, coming from the Middle English term kype, meaning basket or cask, and was a term applied to the shell keep at Guînes, said to resemble a barrel. The term came to be used for other shell keeps	keeps	VERB	by	ADP	 by
The new line ran from Devil's Den, northwest to the Sherfy farm's Peach Orchard, then northeast along the Emmitsburg Road to south of the Codori farm. This created an untenable salient at the Peach Orchard; Brig. Gen. Andrew A. Humphreys's division (	(	PUNCT	in	ADP	in
The commemoration of the Reformation quickly died out before the Thirty Years War. The content of the liturgical calendar (like the content of the liturgy itself) was the responsibility of territory in which the church was found. Thus, there was a different order for Saxony	Saxony	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
The village has been recorded as a distinct parish unit for the purpose of census statistics since the first United Kingdom census in 1801. The majority of the official population of 198 (per United Kingdom Census 2001) is aged 45 or over and lives in homes comprising	comprising	VERB	married	ADJ	 married
But as of 2011, its operations were run by the board and three volunteer directors. All One In Ten programs, including Reel Affirmations, are conceived, organized, and implemented by volunteers. Planning for Reel Affirmations begins after the conclusion of each year's festival	festival	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
" Another journalist, reviewing the Penzance episode in the North Devon Journal commented: " Why do we like programmes that laugh at us? Because, I hope, we laugh at ourselves. We're not ignorant of our stereotypes. West Cornwall? Aaarrrrr! "	"	PUNCT	Miranda	PROPN	 Miranda
Another story reports that Murrell took to his death bed aware of his oncoming demise, informing his daughter to turn away the curate " For I be the devil's master as be well knowed. Clergymen den't bother me in the oad time, they shan't now	now	ADV	[	X	 [
In addition, most dinosaurs are known solely from bones and can only be evaluated from a morphological standpoint, whereas extant species often have very similar skeletal morphology but differ in other ways which would not normally be preserved in the fossil record, such as behaviour, or	or	CCONJ	colouration	NOUN	 colouration
Other characters Masaki Ichijo is a first year student from Third High School and the successor to the Ichijo clan. LN 3.4 His combat magic includes manipulating air, water molecules, and his unique magic allows him to evaporate water within an organism. He is often accompanied	accompanied	VERB	by	ADP	 by
Rubidium forms peroxides on exposure even to small amount of air diffused into the oil, and storage is subject to similar precautions as the storage of metallic potassium. Rubidium, like sodium and potassium, almost always has + 1 oxidation state when dissolved in water, even	even	ADV	in	ADP	 in
In 2001, the American Film Institute ranked Jurassic Park as the 35th most thrilling film of American cinema. The film has been included in the book 1001 Movies You Must See Before You Die, film lists by Empire magazine, and The Guardian. In the years	years	NOUN	following	VERB	 following
So for me to be taught all these techniques by a guitarist of Paco's caliber was an incredible stroke of luck ". (English translation) In an interview with the Montreal Gazette, Laucke stated: " [de Lucía] was the greatest natural talent I	I	PRON	have	AUX	 have
Her throat was cut from left to right. She had been disembowelled, and her intestines had been thrown out of her abdomen over each of her shoulders. The morgue examination revealed that part of her uterus was missing. The pathologist, George Bagster Phillips, was	was	AUX	of	ADP	 of
If any primary shows a notch or emargination, this is noted, and the distance between the feather's tip and any notch is measured, as is the depth of the notch. All distance measurements are made with the bird's wing closed, so as to	to	PART	maintain	VERB	 maintain
Holt offered the Caterpillar 45 and Best introduced his C. L. Best Model 40 " Tracklayer ". Benjamin Holt aggressively defended his patents and was quick to sue anyone he felt might be infringing his rights. In June 1899, he claimed that the Haines Houser's tractors	tractors	NOUN	used	VERB	 used
The seventeenth named storm and ninth hurricane of the annual hurricane season, Rafael originated from a tropical wave roughly 230 mi (370 km) south southeast of Saint Croix on October 12; because the system already contained tropical storm force winds, it skipped tropical depression status	status	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
That evening, she confided the affair to her landlady. On October 31, 1932, she had dinner with Brownlee's sons and visited Brownlee, who was sick in bed. Despite her protestations that she was on her way to a Halloween party with Caldwell,	,	PUNCT	he	PRON	 he
Some of Dunmore's troops had fortified the north side of the bridge, so Woodford began entrenching the position on his side of the bridge, while more and more militia companies arrived from the surrounding counties and North Carolina. On December 9, British troops attempted to	to	PART	disperse	VERB	 disperse
Landladies took exception to his habit of visiting their female tenants at all hours of the night. Commentators have found little evidence that he behaved indecently, or molested the girls; he bought them tea, found them rooms, listened to their problems and sometimes found them	them	PRON	work	VERB	 work
This environment was created in the mid eighteenth century by the patronage of Jan Klemens Branicki for the arts and sciences. These include Ryszard Kaczorowski, the last émigré President of the Republic of Poland; L. L. Zamenhof, the creator of Esperanto; and Albert Sabin,	,	PUNCT	the	DET	 the
Bassist Klaus Voormann has stated that Harrison's Friar Park home studio in Oxfordshire was the true location, however, a contention supported by Jim Keltner, the drummer at the sessions. Harrison self produced Material World and deliberately pared down the sound, keen to avoid the	the	DET	big	ADJ	 big
The tourists were effectively seven wickets down with the injured Sam Loxton unable to bat, but Neil Harvey and Don Tallon saw Australia to the target without further loss. It was the closest Australia came to defeat for the whole tour. The Australians travelled to London to	to	PART	play	VERB	 play
In 2013 – 14, he again won the Hart Memorial Trophy as well as the Art Ross Trophy and his third Ted Lindsay Award. In the 2015 – 16 season, Crosby finished third in scoring, and captained the Penguins to the 2016 Stanley Cup Finals,	,	PUNCT	where	SCONJ	 where
Shannon's findings were acquired by Gerry Armstrong, a Scientologist who had been appointed Hubbard's official archivist. He had been given the job of assembling documents relating to Hubbard's life for the purpose of helping Omar V. Garrison, a non Scientologist who had written two	two	NUM	books	NOUN	 books
Rally Point: A " King of the Hill " -styled match, in which players secure a rally point and accumulate score for their team. Uplink: Both teams are tasked to capture a central rally point, and disable the opposing team's COM Station to prevent	prevent	VERB	them	PRON	 them
At St Luke's, he transitioned from being " curable " to " incurable ", and was moved to Mr Potter's asylum for monetary reasons. During Smart's confinement time, his wife Anna left and took the children with her to Ireland. There is	is	VERB	no	DET	 no
Shortly after, the storm likely attained its peak intensity as a high end Category 1 hurricane, with winds of 85 mph (140 km / h). Early on July 23, warning responsibility of the storm was given to the National Weather Bureau in Honolulu,	,	PUNCT	Hawaii	PROPN	 Hawaii
The anemoscope, in contrast, was a complex mechanism attached to the ceiling which was used to measure the strength and direction of the wind but soon stopped functioning. The instrument may have led to the other name of the tower, Tower of the Winds; however	however	ADV	,	PUNCT	,
The ribs start from the cream colored stem and extend almost to the edge of the fruit body. The stem is typically 1 to 6 cm (0.4 to 2.4 in) tall by 1 to 3 cm (0.4 to 1.2 in) thick. The odor and	and	CCONJ	taste	NOUN	 taste
More recent coverage was given in London 3: North West, the revision to the Buildings of England guide to London written by Nikolaus Pevsner and Bridget Cherry, published in 1991 (revised 2002). The house is referenced in Matthew Williams's William Burges (2004	2004	NUM	)	PUNCT	)
The Simpsons ' season nine episode " Trash of the Titans ", which aired on April 26, 1998, was dedicated to her memory. Simpsons executive producer Mike Scully said, " It just seemed like the right thing to do. Everyone here was surprised and	and	CCONJ	saddened	VERB	 saddened
In 1934, the Old War Horse Memorial Hospital was opened by the trust, and is estimated to have helped over 5,000 horses that had served in World War I; as of 2011, the hospital continues to serve equines in the Cairo area. The horse is	is	AUX	the	DET	 the
When he was elbowed by Juventus midfielder Felipe Melo in the shoulder, Balotelli fell theatrically onto the pitch, for which he was booked, while Melo was sent off for a second yellow card. The incident sparked an altercation between Balotelli's teammate Thiago Motta and Juventus	Juventus	PROPN	goalkeeper	NOUN	 goalkeeper
These donations and fund raisers are how the squadrons and groups pay for their equipment, rent for facilities, and activities at the local level. Today, apart from member dues, Civil Air Patrol receives funding from donations and grants from individuals, foundations and corporations;	;	PUNCT	from	ADP	 from
On Lotus, Aguilera worked with new producers, notably Alex da Kid and Max Martin. Alex da Kid, who first teamed with Aguilera in the song " Castle Walls " from T.I. ' s No Mercy (2010), commented about Aguilera's approach in recording	recording	VERB	Lotus	PROPN	 Lotus
Cyclically, the main characters of Candide conclude the novel in a garden of their own making, one which might represent celestial paradise. The third most prominent " garden " is El Dorado, which may be a false Eden. Other possibly symbolic gardens include the Jesuit	Jesuit	PROPN	pavilion	NOUN	 pavilion
Where grass is not tall enough at the start of the season, the first nest may be constructed in herby or marsh vegetation, with the second brood in hay. The second nest may also be at a higher altitude that the first, to take advantage of	of	ADP	the	DET	 the
METAR reports typically come from airports or permanent weather observation stations. Reports are generated once an hour; however, if conditions change significantly, they may be updated in special reports called SPECIEs. Surface weather observations can include the following elements: The Station Identifier, or	or	CCONJ	Location	PROPN	 Location
Now realizing that Stanley is possibly having an affair and he is the first person to learn of it, Michael starts telling the employees. Jim (John Krasinski) urges Michael to stop spreading a rumor that he does not know for certain to be true. When	When	SCONJ	Stanley	PROPN	 Stanley
Procellariids, as well as having strong natal philopatry, exhibit strong site fidelity, returning to the same nesting site, burrow or territory in sequential years. The figure varies for different species but is high for most species, an estimated 91% for Bulwer's petrels	petrels	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
Damage to the nerve at lower motor neuron level may lead to fasciculations or atrophy of the muscles of the tongue. The fasciculations of the tongue are sometimes said to look like a " bag of worms ". Upper motor neuron damage will not lead to atrophy or	or	CCONJ	fasciculations	NOUN	 fasciculations
As had been the case with several previous films in the series, an entirely original story was required as there remained no Ian Fleming novels or stories to adapt. The scriptwriting process was finished very late due to lengthy disputes. Initial writers on the project included John	John	PROPN	Cork	PROPN	 Cork
Filmed in the same Mojave Desert locations as the original 1926 version with Ronald Colman, Beau Geste provided Cooper with magnificent sets, exotic settings, high spirited action, and a role tailored to his personality and screen persona. This was the last film in Cooper's	's	PART	contract	NOUN	 contract
Later, these parties would often occur late in the evening after Grossmith performed at the Savoy Theatre. In 1876, he collaborated with Florence Marryat, the author and reciter, on Entre Nous. This piece consisted of a series of piano sketches, alternating with scenes	scenes	NOUN	and	CCONJ	 and
Following a career hiatus that reignited her creativity, Beyoncé was inspired to create a record with a basis in traditional rhythm and blues that stood apart from contemporary popular music. Her collaborations with songwriters and record producers The Dream, Tricky Stewart, and Shea Taylor produced a	a	DET	mellower	NOUN	 mellower
Dave Kehr, writing in the Chicago Reader, called the film a brilliant work of popular art that redefined nostalgia as a marketable commodity, while establishing a new narrative style. American Graffiti depicts multiple characters going through a coming of age, such as the decisions to	to	PART	attend	VERB	 attend
In 1974 the town was transferred from the county of Hampshire to Dorset following local government reorganisation and was granted borough status by a Royal Charter. Christchurch is a local government district which has borough status. It is the smallest of Dorset County Council's six districts and	and	CCONJ	one	NUM	 one
The Ice Warriors ' costume was improved but not significantly redesigned, as the production team felt they were not well known enough. The episode was filmed in June 2012 on a submarine set, as the story is a closed " base under siege ". " Cold	Cold	PROPN	War	PROPN	 War
It took Asashōryū only 23 tournaments from his professional debut to win his first top division title, the fastest ever. In January 2003, he won his second straight championship. Shortly after the tournament, Asashōryū was granted the title of yokozuna, the highest rank in	in	ADP	sumo	PROPN	 sumo
It may be that this plant also relies on an internal food web for soft tissue digestion. The same could be said for Paepalanthus bromelioides, though it is a member of Eriocaulaceae and not a bromeliad. It also forms a central water reservoir that has adaptations to	to	PART	attract	VERB	 attract
Other tall buildings include the Hotel Presidential opened on August 1963. The seven story building contains 100 rooms and is located in the Independence Layout. Hotel Presidential cost $2.5 million to build and was commissioned by the government of what was then the Eastern Region to serve	serve	VERB	visiting	VERB	 visiting
The restaurant scene, which is featured in the trailer and in promotional screenshots, was shot in the Regent Restaurant and Coffee Lounge in Weston super Mare in April 2009. Chiswick Town Hall, a dark building in London, was also used as a shooting location.	.	PUNCT	The	DET	 The
Prior to the establishment of Obsidian, they worked for Interplay Entertainment's subsidiary Black Isle Studios. At Black Isle they created several role playing games including Icewind Dale, Planescape: Torment, and Fallout 2, and collaborated with BioWare on Neverwinter Nights, Baldur's Gate	Gate	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
All these Jefferson descendants learned in the 1970s of their true descent from Eston Hemings, Sally Hemings and Thomas Jefferson. Brodie wrote a follow up article about the Jefferson Hemings grandchildren in 1976, entitled " Thomas Jefferson ’ s Unknown Grandchildren: A Study in Historical Silences	Silences	PROPN	"	PUNCT	 "
The songs have since become among the most critically and popularly acclaimed elements of the show, especially among its adult audience. Commentators cite the apt cleverness of the various historical / musical parody match ups, and the complexity and skill with which the musical elements are executed	executed	VERB	.	PUNCT	.
He took his artistic models from other series of the " Times of Day ", " The Seasons " and " Ages of Man ", such as those by Nicolas Poussin and Nicholas Lancret, and from pastoral scenes, but executed them with a twist by transferring	transferring	VERB	them	PRON	 them
Any concerns that she was simply one dimensional were alleviated for the actress when writers developed the character through her relationships with Xander and later Wesley, which led Carpenter to become more convinced of her potential. In an article about the psychology of characters in Buffy the Vampire	Vampire	PROPN	Slayer	PROPN	 Slayer
Foxes are a problematic invasive species in all other Australian states and, if established in Tasmania, they would both hinder the recovery of the Tasmanian devil and prey on many other vertebrate species. It is believed that Tasmanian devil young would be vulnerable to red fox predation	predation	NOUN	and	CCONJ	 and
Charles V of France maintained the terms of the treaty of Brétigny but encouraged others in Aquitaine to challenge the authority of the Plantagenets in Aquitaine. The prince, who had suffered a debilitating illness for nearly a decade which often restricted his movement to being carried in a	a	DET	litter	NOUN	 litter
Twenty five martyrs from the conflict would eventually be canonized, including six knights. Several decades later, in 1954, lobbying by the Order helped convince the U.S. Congress to add the phrase " under God " to the Pledge of Allegiance. President Dwight Eisenhower wrote to	to	ADP	Supreme	PROPN	 Supreme
Western historian and author John Boessenecker describes Earp as an " enigmatic figure... He always lived on the outer fringe of respectable society, and his closest companions were gamblers and sporting men... Wyatt never set down roots in any one place; when the money stopped coming	coming	VERB	in	ADV	 in
Hein Verbruggen, chairman of the IOC Coordination Commission for the XXIX Olympiad, called the ceremony " a grand, unprecedented success. " The program for the Beijing Games was quite similar to that of the 2004 Summer Olympics held in Athens. There were 28 sports and	and	CCONJ	302	NUM	 302
The ship struck an extinct underwater volcano, which rose some 1,000 m (3,300 ft) above the surrounding abyssal plain, triggering a 2 km (1.2 mi) landslide. Bismarck slid down the mountain, coming to a stop two thirds down. Ballard's survey	survey	NOUN	found	VERB	 found
Meanwhile, the howitzers had continued to support the paratroopers, and by 05: 50 the two guns had fired 145 rounds. During a single fire mission 54 North Koreans were killed, while by the time US 3 / 187 RCT was finally relieved later that day	day	NOUN	C	PROPN	 C
37 49) originated (as to how they developed in Mohammedan legends see Damiri, " Ḥayat al Ḥayawan, " i. 304 305). It is hard to bring into harmony with this the fact, related by Jacob Saphir (" Eben Sappir, " i.	i.	PROPN	99	NUM	 99
The station signed a number of sponsorship deals with companies such as Tetley Tea and ATS Euromaster, and held annual fundraising events in aid of the charities Help for Heroes and Macmillan Cancer Support. GMG Radio was taken over by rival Global Radio in June 2012. Global	Global	PROPN	's	PART	's
He was unimpressed by purely virtuoso pianists, saying, " the greater they are, the worse they play me. " Fauré was not greatly interested in orchestration, and on occasion asked his former students such as Jean Roger Ducasse and Charles Koechlin to orchestrate his concert	concert	NOUN	and	CCONJ	 and
Fanning worked with producer Tchad Blake in both sessions. To support the album's release Fanning toured Australia twice and performed across North America and the UK. " Tea & Sympathy " topped the Australian Recording Industry Association (ARIA) albums chart and won three awards at	at	ADP	the	DET	 the
Harappan settlements can be found as well in Rakhigarhi. The site covers 2180 hectares, making it the largest Harappan site known in India and the second biggest overall after Mohenjodaro. All the sites are maintained by Archaeological Survey of India. Agroha is another place of historical	historical	ADJ	importance	NOUN	 importance
Sigmodontinae is the largest subfamily of the family Cricetidae, other members of which include voles, lemmings, hamsters, and deermice, all mainly from Eurasia and North America. Drymoreomys albimaculatus is a medium sized, long tailed, short eared, short footed rodent. It	It	PRON	is	AUX	 is
Since 2012, the Mariners have worn special pink kits for one match in October to raise money and awareness for Pink Ribbon Day, part of National Breast Cancer Awareness Month. The Mariners club collected donations at the ground, as well as auctioning the match worn kits	kits	NOUN	on	ADP	 on
The ship was placed in reserve in 1885, but returned to active duty the following year for training exercises with the fleet. In June 1887, Germany dedicated the Kaiser Wilhelm Canal; Baden was among the ships present during the celebrations. In 1888, Baden returned	returned	VERB	to	ADP	 to
Abi is defensive of her father and she argues with Kirsty about it, blaming her for her family's breakdown. While on holiday with Jay and their friends, Abi thinks she could be pregnant. Jay hopes to be a father, while Abi would prefer to	to	PART	have	VERB	 have
Part of Special Operations Command (SOCOMD), the 2nd Commando Regiment is one of three combat capable units within SOCOMD and operates in conjunction with other SOCOMD units, services and interagency organisations in joint and combined operations. According to the Department of Defence the role of	of	ADP	the	DET	 the
In the final game of the series, he scored his first Test hundred, opening the batting and sharing a partnership of 221 with Rhodes which was a record at the time for the first wicket in Test matches. Hobbs scored 187, an innings praised by Wisden	Wisden	PROPN	for	ADP	 for
The first settlement led to the foundation of Sydney, and the exploration and settlement of other regions. A British settlement was established in Van Diemen's Land, now known as Tasmania, in 1803, and it became a separate colony in 1825. The United Kingdom	Kingdom	PROPN	formally	ADV	 formally
" The courage of the martyrs led to a popular sentiment against the authorities who now felt it necessary to draft a vindication of their actions. The wording of this petition suggested that the reprieve of Mary Dyer should soften the reality of the martyrdom of the two men	men	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
Diving cylinders have also been referred to as bottles or flasks, usually with one of the epithets scuba, diving, or bailout. Cylinders may also be called aqualungs, a genericized trademark derived from the Aqua lung equipment made by the Aqua Lung / La Spirotechnique company	company	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
Here is the definition of a word EMIT Q which when executed emits the single character Q:: EMIT Q 81 (the ASCII value for the character ' Q ') EMIT; This definition was written to use the ASCII value of the Q character (81	81	NUM	)	PUNCT	)
Resident Evil is a survival horror game where the player controls the on screen character from a third person perspective to interact with the environment. To advance through the game, the player must explore a mansion and its surrounding areas while avoiding, outsmarting and defeating various types	types	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
Osborn diagnosed his taxa on the basis of features of the teeth and snout. However, modern taxonomists find these features insignificant, instead placing Protiguanodon mongoliense within Psittacosaurus mongoliensis. When the skeleton was prepared further, it became clear that it was nearly identical to Psittacosaurus mongoliensis	mongoliensis	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
The 2007 season brought the opening of Dick's Sporting Goods Park for the Colorado Rapids and BMO Field for Toronto FC. Near the end of the 2008 season, Rio Tinto Stadium became the home of Real Salt Lake, which meant that for the first time in	in	ADP	MLS	PROPN	 MLS
Under the French, tunnels were constructed through two of the city's largest hills, connecting disparate districts and facilitating the town's expansion. Streets were laid with cobblestones and later paved; sewer systems and electricity infrastructure were introduced. Water, previously obtained from springs at	at	ADP	the	DET	 the
Some people were casting da others composed poems. Murasaki Shikibu then praises Fujiwara no Kintō's repartee and skills in the composition of poetry; however on this evening he did not participate in the exchange of poems. The queen gave gift of robes and baby dresses to	to	ADP	the	DET	 the
The group that ate only white rice documented 161 crew members with beriberi and 25 deaths, while the latter group had only 14 cases of beriberi and no deaths. This convinced Takaki and the Japanese Navy that diet was the cause of beriberi, but they mistakenly believed	believed	VERB	that	SCONJ	 that
Deer and other large ungulates are a hazard to traffic resulting in potential animal or human deaths, especially in the autumn mating months or when deer are searching for feeding grounds in the spring. The defense mechanism of deer in the face of a threat is to freeze	freeze	VERB	.	PUNCT	.
The emigrants killed seventeen Mohave warriors. The incident was widely publicized in the media and labeled " a massacre ", scaring many white Californians who feared being cut off from the eastern US by hostile natives, and it motivated the War Department to quickly subjugate the tribe	tribe	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
At this time, the campaign released two controversial television advertisements, juxtaposing a smiling Humphrey with images of the Vietnam War and the chaos at the 1968 Democratic National Convention; the advertisements aroused protests from the Humphrey campaign. By October's end, Nixon began to lose	lose	VERB	his	PRON	 his
The specific epithet is derived from the Latin pungens, and refers to the pungent aroma of the fruit bodies. The mushroom is commonly known as the " pungent slippy jack " or the " pungent suillus ". It has also been referred to as the " slippery	slippery	ADJ	jack	NOUN	 jack
In the 1996 martial arts film Book of Swords, there is a nod / tribute to Mileena in a minor role by Katalin Zamiar herself. Mileena might have inspired a redesign of the Marvel Universe character Elektra as played by Elodie Yung in the 2015 TV series Daredevil	Daredevil	PROPN	and	CCONJ	 and
According to Miles Marshall Lewis of The Village Voice, the song contains elements of the work of Nile Rodgers. " Give It 2 Me " is written as a self manifesto song. Lyrically, though the song appears to be about dancing and sex, in reality	reality	NOUN	Madonna	PROPN	 Madonna
As long ago as the 1890s, and throughout much of the club's early history, a change strip of white jerseys with black shorts was worn. The away shirt additionally featured a large ' V ' during the First World War. In the 1935 FA Cup	Cup	PROPN	Final	PROPN	 Final
The extra point gave Michigan a 14 – 7 lead. Appalachian State started their drive with 3: 09 left in the quarter at their own 35 yard line, completing nine plays and driving to the Michigan 36 yard line before the end of the quarter. Following	Following	VERB	the	DET	 the
The stage saw Valverde suffer a punctured tyre and lose almost ten minutes, struggling to match the pace set by Cavendish's Omega Pharma – Quick Step team at the head of the race. Stage fourteen was taken by Omega Pharma – Quick Step's Matteo Trentin from	from	ADP	a	DET	 a
Idol wished to use Blendo imagery on massive television screens behind the stage to rapidly shift in time with the music. Some of the video and photography was shot by Idol and Brett Leonard, including photos of Idol during acupuncture, himself at a spa, various LA	LA	PROPN	landscapes	NOUN	 landscapes
Other instances have seen one of Cushing's parlors converted to a quad dorm used to house students temporarily when no other housing could be found for them, first in 1989 then again during the first semester of the 1998 – 99 school year. Cushing House was built	built	VERB	on	ADP	 on
You must not expect a variety of dishes from a Welsh kitchen, and there are no highly seasoned titbits to whet your appetite. " The medieval Welsh used thyme, savory, and mint in the kitchen, but in general herbs were much more likely to be	be	AUX	used	VERB	 used
Once it has found a carcass, the king vulture displaces the other vultures because of its large size and strong bill. However, when it is at the same kill as the larger Andean condor, the king vulture always defers to it. Using its bill to	to	PART	tear	VERB	 tear
He was, truly, a man who was ahead of his time. I think it is particularly appropriate that the Day Care Centre is named after him. Loneliness is itself a form of poverty and the Brother Jerome Kelly Day Care Centre and the social activities which	which	PRON	the	DET	 the
I mean, I was 10. " Her performance earned her the MTV Movie Award for Best Breakthrough Performance, the Saturn Award for Best Young Actress, and her first Golden Globe Award nomination. Later in 1994, Dunst co starred in the drama film Little Women	Women	PROPN	opposite	ADP	 opposite
In the advert, " Rihanna wears a short blonde wig and enters a vintage car with a bag of clothing, changing in the car and visible in her underwear while a bodyguard keeps watch. She then leaves the car wearing a dark leather jacket and Armani jeans	jeans	NOUN	and	CCONJ	 and
SheiKra operates with several identical trains made from steel and fiberglass which are three times wider than the track. They were manufactured in Switzerland and shipped to Florida. Each seat has an over the shoulder restraint. SheiKra's trains are fitted with nylon and polyurethane wheels to	to	PART	reduce	VERB	 reduce
The Omiš Kačićs are mentioned for the last time in 1294, when the Venetians wrote to Dubrovnik residents seeking compensation from Dubrovnik authorities who had failed to send an armed ship against Omiš pirates. It is not known whether Ivan, son of Matej Kačić, mentioned in	in	ADP	Dubrovnik	PROPN	 Dubrovnik
Henry crossed into Normandy in 1115 and assembled the Norman barons to swear loyalty; he also almost successfully negotiated a settlement with King Louis, affirming William's right to the Duchy in exchange for a large sum of money, but the deal fell through and Louis,	,	PUNCT	backed	VERB	 backed
She describes their remixing of popular culture sources as an " explicitly creative process ", maintaining that it prompts the reader to adopt some of the group's views by forcing " the individual to reconsider normative methods of approaching the content ". She states that the group	group	NOUN	attempts	VERB	 attempts
In her later career, Kai returned briefly to the WWF in 1994, challenging for the Women's Championship at WrestleMania X. She also wrestled for World Championship Wrestling under the name Patty Stonegrinder and held the NWA World Women's Championship. Seymour was trained by The Fabulous	Fabulous	PROPN	Moolah	PROPN	 Moolah
Litchfield was relieved by Captain R. A. Ewing on 19 January 1953; the ship departed the next day for a brief refit at Gibraltar. After its completion on 2 March, the ship trained with several of the Royal Navy's carriers before arriving back at Portsmouth on	on	ADP	25	NUM	 25
Historian Reed Browning describes the British Cartagena expedition as " stupidly disastrous " and quotes Horace Walpole, whose father was Vernon's bitter enemy, writing in 1744: " We have already lost seven millions of money and thirty thousand men in the Spanish war and all the	the	DET	fruit	NOUN	 fruit
As in Orkney and Shetland, Pictish seems to have been entirely replaced wherever the Norse encountered it. In the 9th century the first references to the Gallgáedil (i.e. " foreign Gaels ") appear. This term was variously used in succeeding centuries to refer to individuals	individuals	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
The majority of the Polish leadership, backed by both the army and the Internal Security Corps, brought Gomułka and several associates into the Politburo and designated Gomułka as First Secretary. Untouched by the scandals of Stalinism, Gomułka was acceptable to the Polish masses, but at	at	ADP	first	ADV	 first
" Rudin considered casting Anne Heche as Hank's wife Sarah Mitchell. Boorman took part in location scouting, and filming was set to begin during the first week of January 1998. When a second investor left the project, Paramount refused to fully finance the $17	17	NUM	million	NUM	 million
Æthelberht's code makes reference to the church in the very first item, which enumerates the compensation required for the property of a bishop, a deacon, a priest, and so on; but overall, the laws seem remarkably uninfluenced by Christian principles. Bede asserted	asserted	VERB	that	SCONJ	 that
Panorama Sector possesses 53 architectural groups, 34 of which are in the periphery, together with a causeway. Of the ceramic fragments recovered from Panorama Sector, 374 pieces have been dated to the Late Classic, representing 62% of the total ceramics found in the sector	sector	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
It was released in North America on June 22, 2010 and in PAL regions on June 25, 2010 for Xbox 360, PlayStation 3, and PC. Two portable versions were released for the Nintendo DS, one featuring an Autobot campaign, the other a Decepticon	Decepticon	PROPN	campaign	NOUN	 campaign
Lacking any reserves and possessing only limited artillery support, the division's engineers prepared the bridges over the rivers for detonation. From 27 March onwards minor actions were fought along the line as the German advance began to reach the Australians. On 30 March a serious attempt	attempt	NOUN	at	ADP	 at
The Major League Baseball Veterans Committee chose Chandler for induction into the Baseball Hall of Fame in 1982. In 1987, filmmaker Robby Henson profiled Chandler in a 30 minute documentary entitled Roads Home: The Life and Times of A.B. ' Happy ' Chandler. Chandler endorsed dark	dark	ADJ	horse	NOUN	 horse
Despite stormy seas, Kroonland was able to take aboard 89 survivors, for which captain and crew received accolades that included U.S. Congressional Gold Medals. When the outbreak of World War I in August 1914 disrupted service to Belgium, Kroonland shifted to alternate routes. On a	a	DET	trip	NOUN	 trip
Further heavy and often confusing fighting continued, with several companies of 3rd Parachute Battalion having to be attached to 2nd Parachute Battalion to reinforce it. 1st Parachute Battalion also seized its own objectives, and by the end of 29 March the brigade had secured all of its	its	PRON	objectives	NOUN	 objectives
The song reached # 1 on the Billboard charts in 1952, and on the Cash Box Magazine chart at the beginning of the following year. Boyd's record was condemned by the Roman Catholic Church in Boston on the grounds it mixed sex with Christmas. Boyd was	was	AUX	widely	ADV	 widely
In addition, abandoned cars blocked the path of utility workers. Following the storm, President Bill Clinton declared Broward, Collier, Miami Dade, and Monroe Counties as disaster areas, allowing for the use of federal funds for the disaster victims. In addition, Miami	Miami	PROPN	Dade	PROPN	 Dade
Robbie Daw wrote that the video gave him " chills ". He also commented on the use of product placement of Carey's perfume M and her own brand of champagne. Melinda Newman of HitFix thought that the video appeared to have a bigger production budget than that	that	PRON	of	ADP	 of
Hawkhurst bound passengers had to change at Paddock Wood and cross over to the bay platform for the branch service which arrived in Hawkhurst at 19: 58. Locals preferred the direct bus services to Maidstone and Tunbridge Wells over the indirect railway journey, as shown by the	the	DET	fact	NOUN	 fact
The ship was armed with a main battery of nine 10 cm (3.9 in) guns, and six 53.3 cm (21.0 in) torpedo tubes were added in 1917. She was built by the Cantiere Navale Triestino shipyard from 1911 to 1914, entering service days	days	NOUN	after	ADP	 after
Maxwell first gained recognition as one of the British captains involved in the successful Adriatic campaign of 1807 – 1814, during which he was responsible for the destruction of a French armaments convoy at the Action of 29 November 1811. As a result of further success in the	the	DET	Mediterranean	PROPN	 Mediterranean
Through the ensuing night La Ferté requested and received supporting fire from Chesnois to suppress German movements on top of the ouvrage. Telephone service was restored the morning of the 18th, allowing better artillery coordination in support of La Ferté. By the afternoon of 18 May,	,	PUNCT	the	DET	 the
During January and February 1944 the squadron conducted offensive sweeps over New Britain, strafed Japanese positions and escorted Allied bombers. On 17 January, eight No. 79 Squadron Spitfires took part in an attack against a Japanese camp near Lindenhafen which involved 73 Australian aircraft; this	this	PRON	was	AUX	 was
He was cast as a security redshirt. While Gerrold was on set, he also advised director Jonathan West on the integration of new scenes into " The Trouble with Tribbles ". Gerrold later said that " Trials and Tribble ations " " turned out beautiful. I	I	PRON	think	VERB	 think
The only known user of this kekkei genkai is Guren, who appears in the anime only Three Tails Arc. Quick Style (迅遁, Jinton, Swift Release) allows the user to move at instantaneous speed, making them unable to be hit by most Taijutsu attacks	attacks	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
The extra point attempt was good, and with 30 seconds remaining in the quarter, Tech narrowed Florida State's lead to 14 – 7. Following Virginia Tech's kickoff and a touchback, Florida State's offense started work at its 20 yard line. Tech committed	committed	VERB	a	DET	 a
Only the 13th Cavalry Brigade was therefore available to attack 5th Cavalry Division's objective at Nazareth. This brigade was not sufficiently strong to capture the town and the Yildirim Army Group headquarters and Liman von Sanders escaped. The next day, after the German and Ottoman garrison	garrison	NOUN	had	AUX	 had
" He felt that Newman " came to fulfil the role of the drama impresario with the vision to push people to develop a high quality and popular style of drama. " Several of the General Motors Theatre plays, including Hailey's Flight into Danger, were purchased	purchased	VERB	for	ADP	 for
On 24 – 25 April 1916, Schlesien and her sisters joined the dreadnoughts of the High Seas Fleet to support the battlecruisers of the I Scouting Group on a raid of the English coast. While en route to the target, the battlecruiser Seydlitz was damaged by a	a	DET	mine	NOUN	 mine
The Chief fights alongside the Arbiter, a disgraced Covenant Elite commander. Two other Elite characters, N'tho ' Sraom and Usze ' Taham, appear as the third and fourth players in cooperative play. Supporting characters from previous games return, including human soldiers Avery Johnson and	and	CCONJ	Miranda	PROPN	 Miranda
During rehearsals, Dylan had been told by CBS television's head of program practices that " Talkin ' John Birch Paranoid Blues " was potentially libelous to the John Birch Society. Rather than comply with censorship, Dylan refused to appear. By this time, Dylan and	and	CCONJ	Baez	PROPN	 Baez
The fifth game, Dual Destinies, was released in 2013, and a sixth game, Spirit of Justice, was released in 2016. Two spin off games starring Miles Edgeworth, Ace Attorney Investigations and Ace Attorney Investigations 2, were released in 2009 and 2011,	,	PUNCT	and	CCONJ	 and
In February 1946, Brown was posted to the Operations Division of the Air Training Command at Barksdale Field, Louisiana, where he served under Major General Alvin C. Kincaid and his Assistant Chief of Staff for Operations, Brigadier General Thomas C. Darcy. For the first time	time	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
Both teams entered the competition in the third round, the entry point for First Division clubs. Bolton Wanderers were drawn away at Accrington Stanley but, following a request to the FA, the match was switched to Bolton for crowd safety reasons. Bolton's David Jack	Jack	PROPN	scored	VERB	 scored
Babe Ruth hit the new stadium's first home run, christening the stadium as " the House that Ruth Built. " Ruth would finish the year with a.393 batting average, while being walked a then record 170 times. The Yankees met the New York Giants for	for	ADP	the	DET	 the
Their casemates were plated over to improve seakeeping and the four 3 pounder guns displaced by the transfer were landed. The ship's waterline armour belt ranged from two to six inches (51 to 152 mm) in thickness and was closed off by five inch (127	127	NUM	mm	NUM	 mm
Brief bursts of machine gun fire dispatched four Focke Wulf Fw 56 trainers — two falling to MacLachlan. Their victims were from JG 105. Gefreiter Walter Seigler was killed in Wrk. Nr. 1868 and Kurt Prager died in Wrk Nr. 2438. Gefreiter Alois Erdl	Erdl	PROPN	was	AUX	 was
Puccini had long considered writing a set of one act operas which would be performed together in a single evening, but faced with a lack of suitable subjects and opposition from his publisher, he repeatedly put the project aside. However, by 1916 Puccini had completed the	the	DET	one	NUM	 one
In this way, Benjamin Mountfort's achievement was to make his favoured style of architecture synonymous with the identity of the province of Canterbury. Following his death, one of his seven children, Cyril, continued to work in his father's Gothic style well into the	the	DET	20th	ADJ	 20th
In the First World War she participated in the Battle of Heligoland Bight in a minor role as she was the oldest and slowest of the British battlecruisers present. She fired on the light cruiser Cöln, but did not hit her before Cöln was sunk by the battlecruiser	battlecruiser	PROPN	Lion	PROPN	 Lion
A small number of Nez Perce fighters, probably fewer than 200, successfully held off larger forces of the U.S. Army in several skirmishes, including the two day Battle of the Big Hole in southwestern Montana. They then moved northeast and attempted to seek refuge with the	the	DET	Crow	PROPN	 Crow
The first phase of the project involved a new corporate logo, the second phase included the complete redesign of other marketing tools, such as brochures and advertisements. Doctor Who and Torchwood The Centre has made numerous appearances in film and television including Doctor Who, whose modern	modern	ADJ	era	NOUN	 era
She additionally charted on the Billboard 200 with The Fame at number 12 and The Fame Monster at number 27, marking the first time an artist placed three concurrent titles in the top 30 since 1993, when Garth Brooks last achieved the feat on the January 23,	,	PUNCT	1993	NUM	 1993
Romerson served in the 25th for a full three year term fighting in the American Indian Wars along the Texas frontier. He died on March 30, 1872, possibly at Fort Griffin, where he was initially buried. On May 11, 1872, he was re	re	ADP	interred	VERB	 interred
In the first inning, he hit a 2 run home run to center, followed by a single and a double. He finished with a triple to center field in the top of the 9th inning, scoring Yangervis Solarte from first. He finished the night 4	4	NUM	for	ADP	 for
The obscurity of the location was underscored at the closing ceremonies of the 1956 Winter Olympics. Traditionally the mayor of the current host city passes a flag to the mayor of the next host city signalling the transfer of the Games. Since Squaw Valley was an unincorporated village	village	NOUN	it	PRON	 it
She preferred the company of young architects, artists, musicians and writers, though she could be curt towards those she took a dislike to; on one occasion, she snubbed Hilaire Belloc when he asked her which of his books she had read. Coffin's designs	designs	NOUN	were	AUX	 were
Deal's musical background was folk music and country; she had formed a country folk band with her sister in her teenage years, and played covers of artists such as The Everly Brothers and Hank Williams. Other artists they listened to included XTC, Gang of Four	Four	PROPN	and	CCONJ	 and
Just over a week later, on November 22, a skirmish in the Ninigo Islands brought Morrell another captive, whom the crew named " Monday " (his true name was never discovered). With two native prisoners, but little else to show from this venture	venture	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
" I couldn't believe it was happening. Casablanca had been my creation; Jack had absolutely nothing to do with it. As the audience gasped, I tried to get out of the row of seats and into the aisle, but the entire Warner family sat	sat	VERB	blocking	VERB	 blocking
Sigma seizes control of a small island, driving out all human occupants. Claiming that the humans are inferior and that they are limiting the growth and potential of Reploids, he calls for his followers to begin a massive extinction effort. X, guilt ridden at having	having	AUX	helped	VERB	 helped
After basic training, he enrolled in Officer Candidate School at the Fort Custer Training Center in Michigan. He studied military government and graduated second in his class of 111 students. In 1943, he was commissioned a second lieutenant and assigned to the XV Corps of General	General	PROPN	George	PROPN	 George
" In addition to " futurist ", Ornstein was also sometimes labeled — along with Cowell and others in their circle — an " ultra modernist. " An article in the Baltimore Evening Sun referred to him as " the intransigent pianist, who has set the entire	entire	ADJ	musical	ADJ	 musical
In an interview with NME, Gaga explained that the main inspiration behind the song was singer Whitney Houston and also added: " This song is about me going back to New York. I wrote this about the courage it took for me to say ' I hate	hate	VERB	Hollywood	PROPN	 Hollywood
Soon, she starts an affair with a publisher, Mark (Sean Pertwee), which is revealed to David in Episode 8. Having had enough of the lies, he leaves Karen. Adam and Rachel decide to adopt a child and begin going through the procedures	procedures	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
Khan has said of her government's reaction: A conservative Muslim society has preferred to throw a veil of negligence and denial on the issue, allowed those who committed or colluded with gender violence to thrive, and left the women victims to struggle in anonymity and shame	shame	NOUN	and	CCONJ	 and
Patrols off the east coast resumed for the first half of 1913. On 6 July, she steamed out of Quincy, Massachusetts for another voyage to Mexican waters; this trip was prompted by the Mexican Civil War, which threatened American interests in the country. She	She	PRON	arrived	VERB	 arrived
The " snags " proved to be minor and by September, the prototype was cleared to perform at the 1952 SBAC Display at Farnborough where spectators commented on the " quietness " of the giant airliner. In November 1952, Popular Science reported that by 1954 BOAC would	would	AUX	have	VERB	 have
Because of this, Rimsky Korsakov has been accused of pedantry in " correcting ", among other things, matters of harmony. Rimsky Korsakov may have foreseen questions over his efforts when he wrote, If Mussorgsky's compositions are destined to live unfaded for fifty years after	after	ADP	their	PRON	 their
Chaplin lost a lawsuit to Padilla for not crediting him. City Lights was immediately successful upon release on January 30, 1931 with positive reviews and box office receipts of $5 million. Today, critics consider it not only the highest accomplishment of Chaplin's career,	,	PUNCT	but	CCONJ	 but
It was behind Cyclone Alibera in 1989 and Cyclone Georgette in 1968, the latter of which lasted 24 days in the basin. Early in its duration while it was still in the Australian basin, the cyclone produced high waves near Christmas Island, forcing a boat of	of	ADP	about	ADV	 about
The Nintendo DS remake of Dragon Quest IV was released in North America, Europe, and Australia under its original translated title; the European release removed the number from the title. Two games were released for the Super Famicom: Dragon Quest V: Hand of the	the	DET	Heavenly	PROPN	 Heavenly
Conversely, the PC version sold 32,500 after six months on shelves. Escape from Butcher Bay's gameplay was compared to first person shooters like Far Cry and Half Life, and to stealth game series like Splinter Cell, Metal Gear, and Thief. Reviewers enjoyed the	the	DET	variety	NOUN	 variety
On the 1971 tour, John played in all four Tests, playing some of his finest rugby and finishing as the Lions ' top Test scorer. John won 25 caps for the Wales national team and five for the British Lions. Possessing excellent balance to his running	running	NOUN	and	CCONJ	 and
Network Rail indicated that three car trains run initially, with the possibility of six car formations using Class 170s cascaded from the Glasgow to Edinburgh via Falkirk Line once that route has been electrified. When, in 2013, vacancies were published for 18 trainee train driver positions	positions	NOUN	at	ADP	 at
Critics and fans were divided on voice actor Taylor's portrayal of the character, however. Several types of merchandise based on Tidus ' character have been produced, such as action figures and jewelry. In Final Fantasy X, Tidus is introduced in medias res via an	an	DET	in	ADP	 in
Tony! Toni! Toné! -member Raphael Saadiq later embarked on a solo career and produced various works of other neo soul artists. Influential to neo soul, UK act Sade achieved success in the 1980s with music that featured a sophisti pop style, incorporating elements of	of	ADP	soul	NOUN	 soul
Holmes returned to Australia in early 1915 and re enlisted in the AIF, as did most of his men. They were replaced by the 3rd Battalion, AN & MEF, which was known as the " Tropical Force " because it had been specially enlisted for service	service	NOUN	in	ADP	 in
The biography was an immediate commercial success; it was on the New York Times bestseller list for thirteen weeks. Jefferson sold 80,000 copies in hardback, 270,000 copies in paperback, and netted Brodie $350,000 in royalties — adjusted for inflation, more than a million dollars	dollars	NOUN	in	ADP	 in
" Cagney himself acknowledged the importance of the walkout for other actors in breaking the dominance of the studio system. Normally, when a star walked out, the time he or she was absent was added onto the end of an already long contract, as happened with	with	ADP	Olivia	PROPN	 Olivia
In January 2009, hundreds of Millwall fans perceived as " high risk " individuals gained access to an FA Cup fourth round match away at Hull City. The game, won 2 – 0 by Hull, was overshadowed when seats, coins and plastic bottles were thrown	thrown	VERB	by	ADP	 by
At the behest of Cady, Hashimoto took both a Japanese civil oath and an U.S. Navy oath so he could be charged for perjury in both nations if he lied. Hashimoto's 50 minutes of testimony focused on whether or not Indianapolis was " zigzaging " and he	he	PRON	noted	VERB	 noted
They walk with so much Stateliness and good Grace, that one can not help admiring them and loving them; by which means their fine Mein often saves their Lives. It has been proposed that Leguat's comparison between the crop of the female Rodrigues solitaire and the	the	DET	"	PUNCT	 "
" Search Committee " was the seventh most watched scripted show for the week of broadcast among adults aged 18 – 49. The episode received generally mixed reviews from critics. Myles McNutt from review website A.V. Club gave the episode a B-, saying that it was "	"	PUNCT	a	DET	 a
There he was released from captivity on 25 December 1949. This relatively early release was perceived by many to be caused by co operation with his Soviet captors, something for which his fellow pilots criticized him, especially following a 1950s book by fellow fighter ace and Soviet	Soviet	ADJ	POW	PROPN	 POW
For each class taken in the fall term, freshmen transcripts will either report only that the class was passed, or otherwise not have any record of it. In the spring term, passing grades (A, B, C) appear on the transcript while non	non	NOUN	passing	VERB	 passing
Granderson became the Tigers starting center fielder for the 2006 season after beating out Nook Logan for the position during spring training. From the start of his major league career in 2004, Granderson began a 151 game errorless streak, the longest by a position player to start	start	VERB	his	PRON	 his
Reubens was born Paul Rubenfeld in Peekskill, New York, and grew up in Sarasota, Florida, where his parents, Judy (Rosen) and Milton Rubenfeld, owned a lamp store. His mother was a teacher. His father was an automobile salesperson who had	had	AUX	flown	VERB	 flown
Just as the British Board of Film Classification had already banned the theatrical version, the BBFC banned the home version in 1984, amid a moral panic surrounding " video nasties ". After the retirement of BBFC chief Ferman in 1999, the board passed the film uncut	uncut	NOUN	on	ADP	 on
A schedule, primarily involving a song shoot, was captured in the Khalid Bin Al Waheed station in Dubai, making Dabangg the first film to be shot there. Some scenes were also filmed at the Emirates Palace hotel in Abu Dhabi. The film, involving around	around	ADP	five	NUM	 five
DNA studies may in the future help scientists prove seamounts are indeed sources of larvae for their surrounding seafloor. Davidson Seamount was initially discovered and mapped in 1933. Davidson Seamount was the first underwater volcano to be classified as " seamount " by the United States Board of	of	ADP	Geographic	PROPN	 Geographic
" Stuart Buck, a lawyer, also explored this issue in Acting White: The Ironic Legacy of Desegregation (2010). He said that segregated black schools had featured teachers, counselors, and others of the same race as the student population, and the adults	adults	NOUN	often	ADV	 often
His literary career began in 1879, when the B.O.P. was launched. The family were staunchly Christian, pillars of the Congregational Church, and were heavily involved in charitable works. However, Reed did not use his writing as a vehicle for moralising, and was dismissive	dismissive	ADJ	of	ADP	 of
In 1998, the NPS stated its purpose for the historic site:... to preserve unimpaired the cultural resources of this rare, commercial, industrial, and agricultural estate in the historic Chesapeake region. National events and social change are revealed in the site's resources and	and	CCONJ	the	DET	 the
And generally these cultures encourage women to have long hair and men to have short hair. The Taliban in Afghanistan viewed long hair for men as a western influence, and punished it by arrest and forced haircuts, although this would be a direct contradiction of the sunnah	sunnah	PROPN	of	ADP	 of
It reached a peak of number 64 on the chart and was present for a total of seven weeks only. In the United Kingdom, " Human Nature " entered the chart at its peak position of number eight, but rapidly descended down the charts, being present	present	ADJ	for	ADP	 for
On 26 November 1897, details of a bill proposed for the 1898 parliamentary session were published by the New Cross and Waterloo Railway (NC & WR), an independent company promoted by James Heath MP, which planned two separate sections of tube line that would connect	connect	VERB	directly	ADV	 directly
He finished the season averaging 9.5 points per game, fifth best on the team. Following the season, Dunham was named to the Atlantic 10 All Rookie Team. " Most guys are relaxed, but I look up and I see Kellen, and he's...	...	PUNCT	going	VERB	 going
Unwilling to believe Parizeau had given up his leadership role voluntarily, most in the " No " camp and Ottawa had assumed a coup had taken place, though the maneuver had been pre planned and voluntary. The dramatic events prompted many Federal politicians to lobby for similarly	similarly	ADV	dramatic	ADJ	 dramatic
' " This gained further resonance when Reagan described the Soviet Union as an " evil empire ". In 2013, Star Wars became the first major motion picture translated into the Navajo language. Between 2002 and 2004, museums in Japan, Singapore, Scotland and England	England	PROPN	showcased	VERB	 showcased
Raymond finished with two goals and an assist in 10 post season contests. Midway through the 2009 – 10 season, Raymond recorded his first NHL hat trick with the game's final three goals in a 5 – 1 win against the Calgary Flames on December 27,	,	PUNCT	2009	NUM	 2009
Suddenly he was hit and driven back in a tackle from opponent Mick Skinner, a tackle which changed the momentum of the match. England went on to win 19 – 10 and eventually reached the Final. At the end of the match, France coach Daniel Dubroca	Dubroca	PROPN	angrily	ADV	 angrily
The large island of Anglesey lies off the northwest coast, separated from mainland Wales by the Menai Strait, and there are a number of smaller islands. Most of Wales is mountainous. Snowdonia (Welsh: Eryri) in the northwest has the highest mountains, with	with	ADP	Snowdon	PROPN	 Snowdon
It moved northwestward, and entered a high shear environment due to an upper level low situated toward the end of a high pressure system. By November 1, little convection remained as the weak depression turned to the north and crossed Cuba. A burst of convection organized	organized	VERB	over	ADP	 over
One replacement analyst was planned, and early candidates included Ricky Bottalico, Mitch Williams, John Kruk, Chris Coste, Jamie Moyer, Brad Lidge and Matt Stairs. Lidge and Kruk were among the first to be contacted, but both declined. Mickey Morandini was a	a	DET	possibility	NOUN	 possibility
This reduced the length of the flight deck by 2 meters (6 ft 7 in). Aircraft were transported between the hangars and the flight deck by two elevators; the forward platform measured 15.7 by 11.1 meters (51.5 ft × 36.4 ft) and the rear	rear	NOUN	10.8	NUM	 10.8
" In Playboy, Robert Christgau claimed that while listeners unfamiliar with its style of music would not find the tracks as powerful, " they are so rich and eclectic, and spun out with such a sense of flow, that this album establishes the kind of convincing	convincing	ADJ	aural	ADJ	 aural
The chapter headings, too, are all literary allusions. The first chapter, " Old Father, Old Artificer, " refers to line in Joyce's A Portrait of the Artist as a Young Man, and the second, " A Happy Death, " invokes	invokes	VERB	the	DET	 the
In: Zitig (online magazine), Vienna 2008 " Was blieb vom Weißen Ritter? "; essay about the medieval novel Tirant lo Blanch. In: Wordshop X - Wiener Werkstattpreis 2007 (brochure), FZA Verlag, Vienna 2008 " Die Stadt und das	das	PROPN	Meer	PROPN	 Meer
By 2009, the congregation had decided to erect a new synagogue on land it had purchased from Gates of Prayer, part of the lot on which the Gates of Prayer synagogue stood. For the 2009 High Holy Days, Topolosky planned to launch a capital campaign to	to	PART	raise	VERB	 raise
" Sue Nott was the executive producer of the second series for CBBC. In December 2007, the BBC released a statement that Julie Gardner would be replaced by Piers Wenger as executive producer for Doctor Who in January 2009, but that she would continue to executive produce	produce	VERB	Torchwood	PROPN	 Torchwood
Crabb disappeared in Portsmouth Harbour and was never seen again. As well as having Buster Crabb in mind, Fleming would also recall the information about the 10th Light Flotilla, an elite unit of Italian navy frogmen who used wrecked ships in Gibraltar to launch attacks on Allied	Allied	ADJ	shipping	NOUN	 shipping
It originally aired on NBC in the United States on September 24, 2009. In the episode, Leslie conducts surveillance on a community garden in an attempt to find out who planted marijuana there. The episode was written by Rachel Axler and directed by Seth Gordon.	.	PUNCT	It	PRON	 It
Hergé himself helped to create two stage plays, collaborating with humourist Jacques Van Melkebeke. Tintin in the Indies: The Mystery of the Blue Diamond (1941) covers much of the second half of Cigars of the Pharaoh as Tintin attempts to rescue a stolen blue diamond	diamond	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
" He also praised the Hilary Swank subplot as funny and a realistic conversation topic among officemates, although he admitted it was " relegated to almost buffer status " to the main plot. Alan Sepinwall, television columnist with The Star Ledger, said Michael's conflicted feelings	feelings	NOUN	about	ADP	 about
Its abolition was a delicate subject. Slaves were used by everyone, from the richest to the poorest. Pedro II wanted to end the practice gradually to soften the impact to the national economy. With no constitutional authority to directly intervene to abolish slavery, the Emperor	Emperor	PROPN	would	AUX	 would
The Ampera has an additional option, the " City Mode " or " battery hold ", allowing the driver to save the energy currently stored in the battery for use when traveling in urban areas or restricted zones. The 2013 model year Volt includes a " Hold	Hold	NOUN	"	PUNCT	 "
Meneval, in command of about 70 men and a fort in disrepair, promptly negotiated terms of capitulation. When Phips came ashore the next day, it was discovered that Acadians had been removing valuables, including some that were government property (and thus were supposed to	to	PART	come	VERB	 come
Mason recalled that the sessions were trouble free. Smith disagreed, stating that Barrett was unresponsive to his suggestions and constructive criticism. EMI Columbia released The Piper at the Gates of Dawn in August 1967. The album peaked at number 6, spending 14 weeks on the	the	DET	UK	PROPN	 UK
The third and fourth segments are the same length as each other, although they are longer than the second. Between the fifth and second last segments, they are much shorter except for the last one. The head is twice as long than broad, and it	it	PRON	is	AUX	 is
The pair eventually built a relationship with Aguilera and her family, offering her studio time. They told her that the demo recordings she would produce would be their property, but also that they would never commercially release the material. She recorded eleven " rough and unfinished	unfinished	ADJ	"	PUNCT	 "
They would then jump or be pushed into the water, often in freezing conditions, while fully clothed and with Miscavige watching. The Church acknowledges that overboarding took place but characterises it as part of its " ecclesiastical justice " system for dealing with poor performance. According	According	VERB	to	ADP	 to
" Regarding the creative process, guitarist Stone Gossard said that while playing alone " the anal retentive side of you goes, ' I think I could play better. ' ", but when reuniting " the entire band goes ' No, it's great as it	it	PRON	is	AUX	 is
Indian non governmental organization, Bachpan Bachao Andolan, said she had not been part of the raid mentioned and threatened legal action over the post. BBC said Lohan was " misinterpreted " and that " she was merely referring to a raid that happened connected to child trafficking	trafficking	NOUN	"	PUNCT	 "
The role twice gained Nesbitt Best Actor nominations at the Irish Film & Television Awards (IFTA). In 2007, he starred in the dual role of Tom Jackman and Mr Hyde in Steven Moffat's Jekyll, which earned him a Golden Globe Award nomination in 2008	2008	NUM	.	PUNCT	.
The song appeared on MySpace alongside a remix of " From December " later that year. In March 2007, Project 86 announced that Alex Albert had parted with the band on friendly terms to pursue other interests. Instead of searching for a full time replacement, the	the	DET	band	NOUN	 band
Although the entire distance between Sarnia and London is subject to occasional snow squalls and whiteout conditions, they usually dissipate or move in less than a day. The exceptional conditions at that time were caused by a snow squall which remained stationary over several days, dropping up	up	ADP	to	ADP	 to
According to Rhys, the music of " Sarn Helen " was written to provide the soundtrack to a fictional journey, " cruising down the A5 to Rome in a two door chariot ". The song has been called " evil personified " and dark, and has	has	AUX	been	AUX	 been
In the note, Woelper requested Nicola's arrest. Nicola sent letters about the situation to Washington, who wanted to have it settled as soon as the Corps arrived at West Point. Washington, who did not show any favoritism to either, sent both series of	of	ADP	letters	NOUN	 letters
Rollin had seen his previous show, which played on theatrical " flops ", and told Tsamere that he could not perform this humour as himself without showing at the end that he could really do ventriloquism and play the guitar, which he could not. Therefore,	,	PUNCT	the	DET	 the
To enhance pilot awareness, artificial feel was built into the flight controls, such as the centrally located stick; because of the Tornado's variable wings enabling the aircraft to drastically alter its flight envelope, the artificial responses adjust automatically to wing profile changes and other changes	changes	NOUN	to	ADP	 to
At 17: 40, West Bridge's engine broke down once again and her crew was unable to repair it. West Bridge, falling off the back of the convoy and adrift, signaled Marseillaise to request a tow. At sundown, shortly before 18: 00	00	NUM	,	PUNCT	,
At that time, a speech synthesis demonstration was being performed by physicist John Larry Kelly, Jr., by using an IBM 704 computer to synthesize speech. Kelly's voice recorder synthesizer vocoder recreated the song " Daisy Bell " (" Bicycle Built For Two ")	)	PUNCT	;	PUNCT	;
Delrina was a catalyst for entrepreneurial talent and greatness, as many of the principals and employees of Delrina went on to find new successful ventures. With investments from Skapinker and Amato, and Bennie as lead Director, Davis went on to form Lanacom, which developed an	an	DET	early	ADJ	 early
W. H. Bryson argues that this happened during the reign of Edward I. By 1590 the Exchequer's jurisdiction over equity cases was confirmed, and it was handling a significant number a year, including disputes over trusts, mortgages, tithes and copyholds; since taxation was ever	ever	ADV	present	ADJ	 present
With the move to Los Angeles, many changes behind the scenes occurred, as much of the original The X Files crew was gone. New production designer Corey Kaplan, editor Lynne Willingham, writer David Amann and director and producer Michael Watkins joined and stayed for several	several	ADJ	years	NOUN	 years
This has come as a surprise to analysts who had considered the possibility of Egypt acquiring the JF 17 to be lost. A JF 17 Thunder crashed in Attock, Pakistan on 14 November 2011 killing its pilot. Two airframe configurations were tested during the prototype stage.	.	PUNCT	The	DET	 The
Particularly important is the ability to sequester iron, which is the function of iron binding proteins such as transferrin and ferritin. Selenium and zinc are commonly referred to as antioxidant nutrients, but these chemical elements have no antioxidant action themselves and are instead required for the activity	activity	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
Due to racial segregation, musicians such as Cab Calloway stayed at Myrtle Washington's at 22nd and Willis, while others stayed at Charlie Trimble's at 22nd and Seward. Early North Omaha bands included Lewis ' Excelsior Brass Band, Dan Desdunes Band, Simon Harrold's	's	PART	Melody	PROPN	 Melody
In 2001, Falle began counselling women in prostitution at Streetlight Support Services, and counselled more than 800 women in the subsequent decade, 97% of whom wrote on their intake surveys that they wanted to exit the sex industry. In order to make this statistic more	more	ADV	widely	ADV	 widely
He also praised the visuals as " absolutely breathtaking, " and that the " game moves beautifully throughout, with very little loss in detail or speed. " However, G4's Jonathan Hunt said that it " occasionally suffers from screen tearing and framerate drops. "	"	PUNCT	Several	ADJ	 Several
To some, this assumption was a challenge and for years, C. E. Rusk searched for a way to climb the east face. On one of these excursions, in 1919, Rusk named the Wilson Glacier, Victory Ridge, and the Roosevelt Cliff. It was	was	AUX	on	ADP	 on
Route 1 approached Purchase Street from the west on Westchester Avenue and continued north from Armonk on what is now NY 22. NY 120, meanwhile, was assigned as part of the 1930 renumbering of state highways in New York to the portion of its modern alignment north	north	ADV	of	ADP	 of
When Reinsdorf signed Jordan after Jordan's announcement that he wanted to play baseball, many thought Jordan's drawing power provided an ulterior motive. Reinsdorf, however, had tried to convince Jordan not to give up basketball, but he did not attempt to make Jordan the	the	DET	highest	ADJ	 highest
That they abandon him, lost in their pursuit of social status, only adds to his misery. The end of the book contrasts Goriot's deathbed moments with a festive ball hosted by Madame de Beauséant – attended by his daughters, as well as Rastignac – suggesting	suggesting	VERB	a	DET	 a
This style was later refined and popularised in the mid 1970s by bands like Thin Lizzy and Judas Priest, and later by the emerging new wave of British heavy metal groups such as Iron Maiden and Def Leppard. Iron Maiden covered the song " Massacre " from Thin	Thin	PROPN	Lizzy	PROPN	 Lizzy
He expressed confusion at how the time shift worked and thought the problem was too thin to carry out the whole episode, and that Amy's abandonment and love for Rory which was left " [didn't] pull it off ". He thought that the two	two	NUM	Amys	PROPN	 Amys
Writers for TV Week branded Rhys a " handsome doc " and a " selfish surgeon to be. " A writer for the Daily Record said Rhys was " deserving of a slap " for taking advantage of Karl's mistake with a prescription. The writer also called	called	VERB	Rhys	PROPN	 Rhys
The car was available in a metallic or pearlescent finish. Code Red / Code White was released in January 2012. The limited edition C3 Picasso Code Red and Code White replaced the Blackcherry in the UK. The Code has the same engine as the Blackcherry and has	has	AUX	been	AUX	 been
Every shot is decapitation or nudity. It's so ridiculous, it's absurd. It's just so wrong and sick that it's right. " Roth's fake trailer contained elements that almost earned Grindhouse an NC 17 rating, including a cheerleader simultaneously stripping,	,	PUNCT	bouncing	VERB	 bouncing
This former alignment of MD 404 is now known as Saathoff Road and has the unsigned MD 485 designation. In 1972, MD 404 and MD 313 were relocated to a one way pair, eastbound Franklin Street and westbound Gay Street, through Denton. The routes previously	previously	ADV	headed	VERB	 headed
As of 2012, many new private hospitals of various sizes were opened or being built. Hyderabad also has outpatient and inpatient facilities that use Unani, homoeopathic and Ayurvedic treatments. In the 2005 National Family Health Survey, it was reported that the city's total fertility	fertility	NOUN	rate	NOUN	 rate
In 2007, Tony Blair resigned as Prime Minister and Labour Leader and Brown was chosen to replace him in an uncontested election. After initial rises in opinion polls following Brown becoming Prime Minister, Labour's popularity declined with the onset of a recession in 2008, leading	leading	VERB	to	ADP	 to
His political plan was to end the uprising at all costs and return to status quo ante, with himself as the " saviour of the fatherland " who stopped further bloodshed. In his speech Prądzyński seriously inflated the Russian force, and also underestimated the strength of the	the	DET	Polish	ADJ	 Polish
Its survival owed much to the rise of Romanticism in the 18th century. The portrayal of ruined buildings in idealised landscapes by J. M. W. Turner and his contemporaries inspired a fashion for the nobility and gentry to produce paintings of monasteries providing an incentive for landowners to preserve	preserve	VERB	them	PRON	 them
Rozhestvensky led his squadron, including Imperator Alexandr III, down the Atlantic coast of Africa, rounding Cape Horn, and reached the island of Nosy Be off the north west coast of Madagascar on 9 January 1905 where they remained for two months while Rozhestvensky finalized his coaling	coaling	VERB	arrangements	NOUN	 arrangements
The musicians did not meet or socialise after their daily work at the Record Plant. At the time, the hippie movement still affected Sausalito's culture and drugs were readily available. Open ended budgets enabled the band and the engineers to become self indulgent; sleepless nights	nights	NOUN	and	CCONJ	 and
It was divided into four acts: Pimp, where S & M was the main theme, Old School where Madonna's classic songs were performed alongside displays of the work of deceased artist Keith Haring, Gypsy, a fusion of Romani folk music and dance, with	with	ADP	performances	NOUN	 performances
Meanwhile, the expansion of the commitment in Korea to two battalions resulted in the establishment of a regimental depot at Ingleburn in 1952 to train and hold infantrymen for service in Korea. In April 1953, 1 RAR was replaced by 2 RAR on a system of unit	unit	NOUN	rotation	NOUN	 rotation
The Viscount's title originates from the town of Falkland, Scotland, whose name comes from " folkland " (land held by folk right). The name was not applied to the islands until 1765, when British captain John Byron of the Royal Navy, claimed	claimed	VERB	them	PRON	 them
The continual gauntlets of number two are relieved by the third piece in the set, an " introspective rêverie [daydream]. " Drawing on the previous illustration of a " generic hybrid, " this piece is described as a mixture between the song without words and	and	CCONJ	funeral	NOUN	 funeral
The caps of the C. lateritius fruit bodies typically range between 2 to 9 cm (0.8 to 3.5 in) in diameter, with a flattened to somewhat funnel shaped top surface and a wavy margin. The cap surface is dry, slightly tomentose (covered with a	a	DET	layer	NOUN	 layer
The Associated Press named LocoRoco its handheld game of the year for 2006. Prior to its release in North America, 1UP blogger Alejandro Quan Madrid equated the Moja characters in LocoRoco to blackface, and citing the game as an example of " institutionalized racism that needs calling	calling	VERB	out	ADP	 out
Darth Vader flies a TIE Advanced in Star Wars. The Empire Strikes Back introduces a TIE shuttle and TIE bombers, which ferry Captain Needa (Michael Culver) to Darth Vader's Super Star Destroyer and bomb asteroids in the hunt for the Millennium Falcon, respectively.	.	PUNCT	Both	DET	 Both
An accident investigation board, called an " AFR 110 14 Investigation, " released a separate report in 1995. Unlike the USAF safety investigation, the AFR 110 14 report was released to the general public. The AFR 110 14 investigation identified several factors which contributed to	to	ADP	the	DET	 the
The risk of transmission from sharing needles appears limited. It is not generally possible to contract syphilis through toilet seats, daily activities, hot tubs, or sharing eating utensils or clothing. This is mainly because the bacteria die very quickly outside of the body, making	making	VERB	transmission	NOUN	 transmission
It also tied his success to that of the Senate, whose support he would need in his advance on Rome. Diocletian was not the only challenger to Carinus ' rule: the usurper M. Aurelius Julianus, Carinus ' corrector Venetiae, took control of northern Italy and	and	CCONJ	Pannonia	PROPN	 Pannonia
Bands such as Blackfeather and Madder Lake combined mainstream and progressive rock. Most pop and rock listeners had never heard jazz fusion; when Ayers Rock incorporated the music into their sets, it was rarely performed by fellow Australian artists. At that time, the Australian music	music	NOUN	media	NOUN	 media
Emma tells Ashley that she knows how it feels to have a baby at a young age. She encourages Ashley to take charge and change her life. Later that evening, Ashley breaks into Mr. Gold's pawn shop and steals a contract from a safe. While	While	SCONJ	there	ADV	 there
... Finally, she suggested that her son return to his sister in the United States... Tanzler's account of Trial Bay Gaol, his secret building of a sailing boat, etc., is confirmed by Nyanatiloka Thera, who mentions that he planned to escape from	from	ADP	the	DET	 the
In the UK C. A. Lejeune of The Observer called it " The most exciting film that has come out of Hollywood in twenty five years " and Dilys Powell of The Sunday Times said the film's style was made " with the ease and boldness and resource of	of	ADP	one	NUM	 one
Alan Baker broadly agrees, stating, " There is no evidence that this was common practice among gladiators. As far as we know, the only time this phrase was used was at an event staged by Claudius. " Plass notes that " it is hard to	to	PART	see	VERB	 see
Since the interior is hardly changed other than the seats, those criticisms remain. Of the interior in the turbocharged sedan, Car and Driver said it " is constructed primarily of plastics cheap enough to be rejected from a Chinese toy factory; the Tata Nano probably has	has	VERB	a	DET	 a
It was released on December 14, 2005 in Germany and on December 16 in the United States, and made an opening of $50.1 million. While it performed lower than expected, King Kong made domestic and worldwide grosses that eventually added up to $550 million	million	NUM	,	PUNCT	,
He filed for a divorce in 2007, which was granted in 2010 after a lengthy and acrimonious court battle. In 2011, Wade was granted sole custody of his two sons with Funches, Zaire Blessing Dwyane Wade (born February 4, 2002) and Zion Malachi	Malachi	PROPN	Airamis	PROPN	 Airamis
Spotnitz co authored the script with Carter. The X Files: I Want to Believe became the second film based on the series, after 1998's The X Files: Fight the Future. Filming began in December 2007 in Vancouver and finished on March 11, 2008	2008	NUM	.	PUNCT	.
In the late 1970s and early 1980s Grant became troubled by the deaths of so many of his close friends, including Howard Hughes in 1976, Howard Hawks in 1977, Lord Mountbatten and Barbara Hutton in 1979, Alfred Hitchcock in 1980, Grace Kelly and Ingrid Bergman	Bergman	PROPN	in	ADP	 in
The film is based on the 2006 graphic novel of the same name created by Scott Mitchell Rosenberg. The plot revolves around an amnesiac outlaw (Craig), a wealthy cattleman (Ford), and a mysterious traveler (Wilde) who must ally to save a	a	DET	group	NOUN	 group
The hodge podge of architectural styles that mingle in the Sycamore Historic District begins with Greek Revival structures which date from Sycamore's foundation in the mid to late 1830s, also the heyday for that particular style. These structures are the oldest surviving within the district. After	After	SCONJ	the	DET	 the
Undercrofts or " crypts " were constructed beneath the buildings in the Rows. The undercrofts were in stone while most of the buildings in the Rows were in timber. Today about 20 of the stone undercrofts still exist, but at the level of the Rows very little	little	ADJ	medieval	ADJ	 medieval
In 1905, the Daughters of the American Revolution placed a stone marker on what they believed was the location of the fort. In 1929, local residents made a major effort to commemorate the 150th anniversary of Clark's campaign. The state of Indiana chose to build	build	VERB	a	DET	 a
This picture adds to the habitual haunting charm a tragic irony of conception and a felicity of execution which give it a place apart among Burne Jones's works. He formally resigned his Associateship in 1893. One of the Perseus series was exhibited in 1887, two more	more	ADJ	in	ADP	 in
The ROM image for this early version was eventually uploaded to the internet, prompting fans to explore and document the game's differences, including two unused world map NPC character sprites and presumed additional sprites for certain non player characters. Around the game's release, Yuji	Yuji	PROPN	Horii	PROPN	 Horii
All of the songs except " With You I'm Born Again " were released as singles, available for download. " River Deep – Mountain High " and " Lucky " were also featured on the fifth soundtrack album of the series, Glee: The Music,	,	PUNCT	Volume	NOUN	 Volume
In case of serious bite, suppression of breathing may occur, leading to death. Untreated, the mortality rate caused by the bites of this species varies among different studies, ranging from 25 35% to 70 100%. During the Vietnam War, American soldiers	soldiers	NOUN	referred	VERB	 referred
Halo 3 is a shooter game where players primarily experience gameplay from a first person perspective. Much of the gameplay takes place on foot, but also includes segments focused on vehicular combat. The balance of weapons and objects in the game was adjusted to better adhere to	to	ADP	the	DET	 the
Strickfaden recycled a number of the fancifully named machines he had created for the original Frankenstein for use in Bride, including the " Cosmic Ray Diffuser ", and the " Nebularium ". A lightning bolt generated by Strickfaden's equipment has become a stock scene, appearing	appearing	VERB	in	ADP	 in
Gordon was drafted seventh overall in the 2008 NBA Draft. Sasha Vujačić, a 2008 restricted free agent, left his agent, Bill Duffy, and hired Pelinka to be his new agent in July 2008. He had previously left Pelinka for Duffy. Maggette signed on	on	ADP	July	PROPN	 July
Before the 1992 – 93 season, the uniforms were green and red with slightly different striping, leading some fans to affectionately refer to them as " Christmas colors. " The Devils have yet to introduce a third jersey and are one of only two NHL teams (	(	PUNCT	Detroit	PROPN	Detroit
Together these two battles, known as the Battle of Megiddo, began the Final Offensive of the war in the Sinai and Palestine campaign. By the afternoon of 19 September, it was clear that the breakthrough attacks in the Battle of Sharon by the XXI Corps had	had	AUX	been	AUX	 been
Work took place at several sites in and around Dayton, Ohio. Those working on the project were ultimately responsible for creating the polonium based modulated neutron initiators which were used to begin the chain reactions in the atomic bombs. The Dayton Project ran from 1943 to 1949	1949	NUM	,	PUNCT	,
The court ruled for the first time that the governor was in fact the Chief Executive of the state, and that the legislature could pass no law that infringed upon that right. The decision was a major shift from previous court decisions and granted governors a legal basis	basis	NOUN	to	PART	 to
It first aired on the Fox network in the United States on January 10, 1999. In the episode, Ned Flanders, who is revealed to be 60 years old, feels that he has not lived his life to the fullest. He asks for help from	from	ADP	his	PRON	 his
The idea of four children going on a road trip was " so exciting " that they immediately knew they wanted to write it. There was a debate over where the children would go, and Fort Lauderdale, Florida, was first suggested, but the writers eventually	eventually	ADV	decided	VERB	 decided
Oklahoma set up the Grand River Dam Authority (GRDA) on January 10, 1935. Eventually, on September 18, 1937, with the help of Oklahoma Representative Wesley E. Disney, Senator Elmer Thomas and engineer W. R. Holway, President Franklin D. Roosevelt approved $	$	SYM	20	NUM	20
On 27 September, the brigade was once again moved to the front line and given responsibility for patrolling the area between the Desert Mounted Corps and the XXI Corps, taking under command the XXI Corps Cavalry Regiment on 20 October. At the time the brigade was the	the	DET	only	ADJ	 only
The tropical storm only caused minor damage, but was indirectly responsible for four deaths. On September 12, a mid level circulation area formed over Nicaragua and slowly drifted northeastward into the Gulf of Mexico. As it entered the Gulf, the system developed thunderstorm activity and	and	CCONJ	an	DET	 an
Farther north, the route heads northeast near a few homes and businesses before it comes to an interchange with I 78 / US 22. Past this interchange, the road curves to the north and heads into the residential community of Krumsville, where it intersects Old Route	Route	PROPN	22	NUM	 22
Internationally, it was broadcast in America on sister station BBC America on 27 August as well as on Space in Canada. Overnight ratings showed that the episode was watched by 6.2 million viewers on BBC One, the second most viewed show of the day behind The X	X	PROPN	Factor	PROPN	 Factor
A supplementary licence, AMN 31, was successfully bid for by MTN in 1996, providing a relay of Prime Television. Soon after the station was purchased by WIN Television, which undertook a number of minor changes – mainly changing the news service to WIN News,	,	PUNCT	and	CCONJ	 and
Although we've seen no shortage of zombies and post apocalyptic stories, producer writer director Frank Darabont has deftly tackled the seemingly perilous task of adapting a comic book about zombies into a viable episodic series. " In a three out of four star review, Linda Stasi	Stasi	PROPN	of	ADP	 of
The performances of Fredric Lehne and Ona Grauer were also applauded, with Jessica Harmon gaining a Leo Award nomination for her role. Sam Winchester (Padalecki) is abducted by the yellow eyed demon Azazel (Lehne) and taken to the abandoned town of Cold Oak,	,	PUNCT	supposedly	ADV	 supposedly
Schneider has suggested the following reconstruction of the cast and the doubling plan from the 1643 premiere on the basis of an examination of, first, contemporary casting and doubling practices, secondly, the recently discovered correspondence of the impresario Marquess Cornelio Bentivoglio, and finally the libretto	libretto	PROPN	for	ADP	 for
Donaghy was sentenced to 15 months in federal prison on July 29, 2008. He served 11 months in a federal prison camp in Pensacola, Florida to spend the remainder of his sentence in a halfway house, but was sent back to prison in August for violating	violating	VERB	his	PRON	 his
For the past fifty years, these two coalitions have been alternately in power and E. M. S. Namboodiripad, the first elected chief minister of Kerala in 1957 is credited as the leader of the first democratically elected communist government in the world. Bharatiya Janata Party and Janata	Janata	PROPN	Dal	PROPN	 Dal
As the poem ends, the trance caused by the nightingale is broken and the narrator is left wondering if it was a real vision or just a dream. The poem reliance on the process of sleeping common to Keats's poems, and " Ode to a Nightingale	Nightingale	PROPN	"	PUNCT	 "
She was the first female university professor in Latin America and one of the first women allowed to teach medicine. She was a pioneering researcher in women's health, studying the use of radiation therapy rather than surgery for uterine tumors and developing a vaginoscope which revolutionized women	women	NOUN	's	PART	's
Unlike the advanced AN / TPY 2 X band radar of the Terminal High Altitude Area Defense system, Green Pine operates at L band - in the range 500 MHz to 1,000 MHz, or 1,000 MHz to 2,000 MHz. Green Pine reportedly operates in search, detection	detection	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
I haven't taken a salary in 18 years for a movie, so if my film makes no money I get no money. They should be prepared to do the same. Production was delayed for several years; the original plan was to begin filming after Cruise	Cruise	PROPN	's	PART	's
" MPC handled the visual effects for the " Smallville encounter " sequence. Before providing the visual effects, the shots were previsualized for the fight choreography. After the previsualizations, live action portions of the scene would be filmed in small pieces. " If say Superman	Superman	PROPN	was	AUX	 was
The election, like many other Scottish episcopal elections of the period, was done in the presence of the king, William the Lion, at Perth, near Scone, the chief residence of Scotland's kings. The election was probably done by compromissarii, meaning that	that	SCONJ	the	DET	 the
However, the script was never finalized, and the release date was pushed back to sometime in 2006, and later summer 2007. Writer David Twohy approached Paramount Pictures with an original screenplay entitled The Wrecking Crew, and though the studio reportedly liked the idea, they	they	PRON	thought	VERB	 thought
" Enter Sandman " was ranked number 399 on Rolling Stone's " 500 Greatest Songs of All Time ". On March 7, 1999, Metallica was inducted into the San Francisco Walk of Fame. The mayor of San Francisco, Willie Brown, proclaimed the day	day	NOUN	"	PUNCT	 "
There was heavy agricultural damage in southeastern Cuba, estimated at about $45 million. Gordon damaged 7,482 acres (3,028 hectares) of sugar cane fields and damaged or destroyed about 5.5 million banana trees. About 100,000 sacks of coffee were wrecked, amounting to $3.5	3.5	NUM	million	NUM	 million
She was armed with two Škoda 66 mm (2.6 in) L / 30 guns, four 450 mm (17.7 in) torpedo tubes, and could carry 10 – 12 naval mines. She saw active service during World War I, performing convoy, escort and	and	CCONJ	minesweeping	NOUN	 minesweeping
At an October 17, 1850, barbecue celebrating the Compromise of 1850, Breckinridge toasted its author, Whig Party founder Henry Clay. Clay reciprocated by praising Breckinridge's grandfather and father, expressing hope that Breckinridge would use his talents to serve his country, then embracing	embracing	VERB	him	PRON	 him
It is often used when quality welds are extremely important, such as in bicycle, aircraft and naval applications. A related process, plasma arc welding, also uses a tungsten electrode but uses plasma gas to make the arc. The arc is more concentrated than the	the	DET	GTAW	PROPN	 GTAW
Blackburn Buccaneers were dispatched in January 1991 to act as laser designators for the ground strike aircraft. The RAF's Jaguars gained several new weapons during the Persian Gulf War, including CRV7 high velocity rockets and American CBU 87 cluster bombs which were used because the RAF's	's	PART	existing	VERB	 existing
Kudos began to develop the show after producing the Channel 4 medical drama series Psychos in 1999. Kudos wished to explore series ideas that saw beyond typical " precinct based dramas " (crime and medical). Stephen Garrett decided on developing a spy drama after coming across	across	ADP	John	PROPN	 John
" A review carried by Birmingham Mail mentioned, Daily Bhaskar gave 3 out of 5 stars and concluded saying, " Overall, Ek Main Aur Ekk Tu is a typical popcorn entertainment with super amazing climax which puts it in a different league altogether. " Sukanya Verma	Verma	PROPN	for	ADP	 for
Although her estimates of childhood IQ scores of historical figures who never took IQ tests have been criticized on methodological grounds, Cox's study was thorough in finding out what else matters besides IQ in becoming a genius. By the 1937 second revision of the Stanford – Binet	Binet	NOUN	test	NOUN	 test
Todd Martens of The Los Angeles Times wrote that while he wished the song had played up Cyrus ' frustration rather than concluding with the kind final verse, " the winning, full on chorus -- and Miley's exuberance -- are enough to make it a success.	.	PUNCT	"	PUNCT	 "
From then until the end of the war, the battalion took part in the ground advance through Wewak and beyond, fighting a series of small scale patrol actions, initially advancing through Arohemi and Muguluwela, and finally the town of But, while ' B ' Company	Company	NOUN	was	AUX	 was
Furthermore, Freitag points out that " the information age has also anointed Tod as the spokesman for Rajasthan, and the glories of India in general, as attested by the prominent quotations from him that appear in tourism related websites. " Published works by James Tod include	include	VERB	:	PUNCT	:
In conjunction with the building of the station a run around loop was added at Necropolis Junction, allowing locomotives to reposition themselves from the front to the rear of the train. From then on, on arrival at Necropolis Junction from London the engine would not be repositioned	repositioned	VERB	,	PUNCT	,
Daniels and Schur wrote the pilot episode, and the rest of the season's episodes were written by Axler, Goor, Hiscock, Cawley and Alan Yang. A principal cast of six actors received star billing in the show's first season. Poehler portrayed the lead	lead	ADJ	character	NOUN	 character
The review also noted that the computer game " perpetuates the [board game's] irritating system of ship movement rates ", and concluded that " the failings of Computer Bismarck can be summarized by saying that it does not take advantage of the possibilities offered by the	the	DET	computer	NOUN	 computer
U 66 did not contribute to the May tally but, with her most successful month since April 1916, added to the June figures. On 5 June, U 66 torpedoed the 3,472 ton Italian steamer Amor which was on her way to Liverpool from Galveston; Amor	Amor	PROPN	sank	VERB	 sank
Most of the videos were accompaniments for the up tempo tracks on B ' Day; which featured retro stylization, use of color and black hair styles, as Beyoncé thought it would create a resemblance between herself and the character she played in Dreamgirls, Deena Jones.	.	PUNCT	The	DET	 The
At the time, Peirsol held five of the fastest times posted in the event. At one point during the first 50 meters, Peirsol was a full meter behind Ryan Lochte, and at the turn, Peirsol was in third place behind Liam Tancock and Lochte.	.	PUNCT	But	CCONJ	 But
" Kevin VanOrd from GameSpot labelled Zack a " likable and complex hero, " arguing that he " transcends the usual spiky haired heroism and teenage angst with an uncommon maturity that develops as the game continues. " GameSpy's Gerald Villoria described Zack as " King of	of	ADP	the	DET	 the
This required Whitlam's personal permission, which he gave on the condition the price was publicized. The purchase created a political and media scandal, and was said to symbolise, alternatively, Whitlam's foresight and vision or his profligate spending. Whitlam travelled extensively as prime	prime	ADJ	minister	NOUN	 minister
He opted for the latter, thinking that he could persuade its leaders to recall Viet Cong troops to their jungle sanctuaries, where they had originally established themselves between 1964 and 1969. Five days later, Oum Mannorine, the half brother of Sihanouk's wife Monique,	,	PUNCT	was	AUX	 was
It is a moderate sized ruined city of the Postclassic Maya civilization. The archaeological site and tourist attraction of Mixco Viejo was named after being erroneously associated with the Postclassic Poqomam capital referred to in colonial records by that name. The archaeological site has now been identified as	as	ADP	Jilotepeque	PROPN	 Jilotepeque
The Tanzimat reforms of the 19th century, which aimed to modernize the Ottoman state, proved to be inadequate in most fields, and failed to stop the dissolution of the empire. Effectively controlled by the Three Pashas after the 1913 coup d'état, the Ottoman Empire entered	entered	VERB	World	PROPN	 World
The congress was the most productive of the five congresses, and there Du Bois met Kwame Nkrumah, the future first president of Ghana who would later invite Du Bois to Africa. Du Bois helped to submit petitions to the UN concerning discrimination against African Americans. These	These	PRON	culminated	VERB	 culminated
Fey hosted SNL for a second time on April 10, 2010, and for her appearance she received an Emmy nomination for Outstanding Guest Actress in a Comedy Series. From September to November 2008, Fey made multiple guest appearances on SNL to perform a series of parodies	parodies	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
" We're getting away from the pyro. We're going way more visual this time. We're incorporating a lot of video. " He explained that they always try to do something different: " We've got people still coming to see us for,	,	PUNCT	you	PRON	 you
This would give the Confederacy access to California and the Pacific coast. The Union definition split New Mexico along a north – south line, the 32nd meridian west from Washington, which simply extended the boundary between Colorado and Utah southward. The Union plan eventually became reality	reality	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
In 2009, President Gloria Macapagal Arroyo declared arnis as the national sport and martial art through Republic Act 9850. In February 2013, the Philippine Senate passed a bill declaring waling waling (Vanda sanderiana) as the national flower alongside Sampaguita. A similar bill in the	the	DET	House	PROPN	 House
Stories in the whimsical fantasy tradition that had been started by Unknown, however, did not often appear in Science Fantasy. Many of the lead novelettes in the 1950s were provided by John Brunner and Ken Bulmer. Brunner's first appearance was in September 1955 with "	"	PUNCT	The	DET	 The
Foraker spoke repeatedly against the administration favored bill as it moved through the Senate, and was one of only three senators (and the only Republican) to oppose the resulting Hepburn Act on final Senate passage. As the Ohio legislature had passed a resolution urging Foraker and	and	CCONJ	Dick	PROPN	 Dick
At this time, Lexington's air group consisted of 21 Wildcats, 37 Dauntlesses and 12 Devastators. Both Task Forces needed to refuel, but TF 17 finished first and Fletcher took Yorktown and her consorts northward toward the Solomon Islands on 2 May. TF 11 was	was	AUX	ordered	VERB	 ordered
The Crick, Brenner et al. experiment first demonstrated that codons consist of three DNA bases; Marshall Nirenberg and Heinrich J. Matthaei were the first to elucidate the nature of a codon in 1961 at the National Institutes of Health. They used a cell free system to	to	PART	translate	VERB	 translate
These were thought to depict separate species of birds by some authors, but were regarded as one by Hugh Edwin Strickland in 1848. Hermann Schlegel thought Broecke's sketch depicted a smaller dodo species from Mauritius, and that the Herbert sketch showed a dodo from Rodrigues,	,	PUNCT	and	CCONJ	 and
Since flying a helicopter through a warehouse was thought to be too dangerous, the scene was shot using forced perspective. A smaller mock up was built by Derek Meddings ' team closer to the camera that the stunt pilot Marc Wolff flew behind and this made it seem	seem	VERB	as	SCONJ	 as
For the second time in his career, Lee was part of a batting line up in which each of the top four batsmen scored a century: against Hampshire in Southampton, Lee scored 107, fellow opener Hugh Dales got 103, Hearne reached 232 and Hendren remained	remained	VERB	177	NUM	 177
Despite having a disrupted pre season due to his participation in Euro 2012, Ben Arfa enjoyed a good start to the new Premier League season. On the opening weekend of the season he won and converted a penalty that gave Newcastle a 2 – 1 victory over Tottenham	Tottenham	PROPN	.	PUNCT	.
His general militancy led to his blacklisting by pit owners, and after spells of unemployment he eventually found work as an insurance agent. Davies attended the local Cap Coch school, leaving at the age of 12, as was usual at that time, to begin work	work	NOUN	in	ADP	 in
In the Second Age of Middle earth's chronology the Men of Númenor learnt the Quenya tongue. In the Third Age, the time of the setting of The Lord of the Rings, Quenya was learnt as a second language by all Elves of Noldorin origin, and	and	CCONJ	it	PRON	 it
Our Friends in the North was broadcast in nine episodes on BBC Two at 9 pm on Monday nights, from 15 January to 11 March 1996. The episode lengths varied, with 1966 being the shortest at 63 minutes, 48 seconds and 1987 the longest at 74	74	NUM	minutes	NOUN	 minutes
Neither Mary Watts nor the Committee had added new names to the list originally proposed by Watts, and thus there were no proposed names more recent than 1904, with the vast majority dating back to the 19th century. The Committee decided that rather than use these by	by	ADP	now	ADV	 now
" Chris Tucker's performance as Ruby Rhod also polarised critics. He was praised in the Los Angeles Times and in Time; the latter called him " the summer's most outrageous special effect. " Josh Winning of GamesRadar, however, singled out Tucker's performance	performance	NOUN	as	ADP	 as
Almost simultaneously to the development of the College of Cardinals as a body of papal advisors, the popes started to elevate to the cardinalate some " external " abbots. After such appointments, they continued to reside in their abbeys and did not become members of the Papal	Papal	PROPN	curia	NOUN	 curia
Optimus then calls for the launch of the Ark to try and escape through the portal before it closes, but Decepticons arrive in the Nemesis to stop them. Soundwave leads the first wave of troops onto the ship through giant cables and destroys the Ark's automated defense	defense	NOUN	system	NOUN	 system
The photos, for Gill, added up to " a shadowy glimpse of [Dylan's] life, including an enigmatic posed shot of Dylan holding a small portrait of a woman in one hand and a pair of pliers in the other: they all contributed to	to	ADP	the	DET	 the
All these works were created in the 17th century by Baltasar de Echave y Rioja. This chapel is home to the Niño Cautivo (Captive Child) a Child Jesus figure that was brought to Mexico from Spain. It was sculpted in the 16th century by Juan Martínez	Martínez	PROPN	Montañez	PROPN	 Montañez
During the 19th and early 20th centuries the gardens, parkland and woodland became overgrown, and the condition of some of the buildings in them deteriorated. From the middle of the 20th century, work has been undertaken to restore some of the parkland and its buildings,	,	PUNCT	and	CCONJ	 and
Its tail has a skin fold running along either side and a leaf shaped caudal fin, but no dorsal fin. Relatively inactive during daytime, the sparsely spotted stingaree preys mainly on crustaceans, and to a much lesser extent on polychaete worms and other small benthic organisms	organisms	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
Finally, the shoes of the 4th Division had completely worn out following two weeks of marching, and replacements from Lisbon would take a week to arrive. These delays gave the Badajoz garrison time to work on the fortifications, taking them from a state of serious disrepair	disrepair	NOUN	on	ADP	 on
The two missions of 26 September 1942 had been flown in Bf 109 G 2 / trop, in one of which Marseille had shot down seven enemy aircraft. The first six of these machines were to replace the Gruppe's Bf 109Fs. All had been allocated to	to	ADP	Marseille	PROPN	 Marseille
Later in the war, men were drawn from their crews for anti submarine warfare vessels. As the Austro Hungarians largely remained in port for the duration of the war, Lorraine saw no action during the conflict. In 1917, she returned to Toulon for a periodic	periodic	ADJ	refit	NOUN	 refit
While the survey can not tell if this latter group lost their insurance due to cancellation or because they simply felt the cost was too high, the overall number is very small, representing less than 1 percent of people between the ages of 18 and 64. "	"	PUNCT	Thereafter	ADV	 Thereafter
The Yankees beat the Red Sox for the division title because they won 10 of their 19 contests against Boston; both teams had 95 – 67 records. The Los Angeles Angels of Anaheim defeated the Yankees in five games in the first round of the postseason. The	The	DET	2006	NUM	 2006
Yardley was later criticised for not bringing Wright into the attack at an earlier stage, as the Australian tail were dealing well with the English pacemen. Bedser was the most successful of the bowlers, ending with 4 / 100 from 43 overs, while debutant Coxon took	took	VERB	2	NUM	 2
Delatombe captures the brothers and believes them to be frauds. French soldiers begin burning down the forest, and Cavaldi represses his sympathy to the brothers, but they are eventually saved by Angelika. The werewolf is revealed to be Angelika's father, who is under the	the	DET	Queen	PROPN	 Queen
The British gained control of New York harbor and the surrounding agricultural areas, and held New York City and Long Island until the war ended in 1783. The Americans suffered significant casualties and lost important supplies, but Washington managed to retain the core of his army and	and	CCONJ	avoid	VERB	 avoid
Equally, some versions of the two markers table have been criticized for implying that all 15 lanthanides occupy the single box or place below yttrium, in breach of the basic principle of one place, one element. The controversy over which two elements occupy the Group 3	3	NUM	positions	NOUN	 positions
Physical limitations acquired from SCI affect sexual function and sexuality in broader areas, which in turn has important effects on quality of life. Damage to the spinal cord impairs its ability to transmit messages between the brain and parts of the body below the level of the lesion	lesion	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
After announcing that Ronon Dex would become a main character in the Atlantis series, they followed up with another announcement saying that they had reduced Ford to a recurring character in the series. Many fans were disappointed with this new development because many felt he didn't have	have	VERB	time	NOUN	 time
Shakespeare's mother, Mary Arden, certainly came from a pious Catholic family. The strongest evidence might be a Catholic statement of faith signed by his father, John Shakespeare, found in 1757 in the rafters of his former house in Henley Street. The document is	is	AUX	now	ADV	 now
It lost €9.7 million in 2007 and €12.8 million in 2008, suffering along with the rest of the apparel sector from the credit crisis of 2008. After the couple had put $20 million of their own funds into the venture, they sold 49 percent	percent	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
The Pampas region has land that is appropriate for agriculture and raising livestock. It is a mostly flat area, interrupted only by the Tandil and Ventana sierras in its southern portion. The climate of the Pampas is characterized as temperate and humid with no dry season,	,	PUNCT	featuring	VERB	 featuring
Ticket prices increased with between NOK 10 and 12. This resulted in protests from the ferry employees who stated that they would have to collect the tolls which would remove their jobs; Norwegian Seafarers ' Union representatives stated that they considered suing the state. Work on the	the	DET	development	NOUN	 development
Some critics argued that the album was their most consistent and strongest album to date. Christian Hoard of Rolling Stone felt that the album was " experimental and expansive ". Sal Cinquemani of Slant Magazine felt that the album lacked " freshness or spontaneity " that was found	found	VERB	in	ADP	 in
He authorized landowners to take any actions against their workers, including executions. Ubico was a big admirer of European fascists like Benito Mussolini and Adolf Hitler, but was driven to ally with the United States for geopolitical reasons. Following the American lead he declared war against	against	ADP	Germany	PROPN	 Germany
The bricks were ferried down the Chao Phraya by barges, where they were eventually incorporated into the walls of Bangkok and the Grand Palace itself. Most of the initial construction of the Grand Palace during the reign of King Rama I was carried out by conscripted or corvée	corvée	NOUN	labour	NOUN	 labour
American isolationist feeling and the economic concerns of the others led to the Washington Naval Conference of 1921. The outcome of the conference included the Washington Naval Treaty (also known as the Five Power treaty), and limitations on the use of submarines. The Treaty prescribed	prescribed	VERB	a	DET	 a
In addition, he simultaneously worked on a sermon, Eternal Justice, which reiterated his key beliefs, including reincarnation. Barth, E. M. (1996). Gud, det er meg: Vidkun Quisling som politisk filosof (in Norwegian). Oslo, Norway:	:	PUNCT	Pax	PROPN	 Pax
From there, visitors may proceed south to downtown and the Carnival Grounds, or east to the tourist strip along Maddox Boulevard and to the bridge to Assateague Island. The tourist stores on Maddox Boulevard sell souvenirs, local artwork, the necessities for a day at the	the	DET	beach	NOUN	 beach
On March 2016, Johnson partnered with the new juggernaut in American fitness apparel Under Armour to release " Project Rock ". The first item in his partnership with Under Armour, a gym bag, was met with ferocious demand and was sold out in a couple of	of	ADP	days	NOUN	 days
The large slab, which is believed to date back to at least the 13th century and possibly as early as the 10th or 11th century, bore an undeciphered inscription. Recent theories suggest that the inscription is either in Old Javanese or in Sanskrit. It is likely	likely	ADJ	that	SCONJ	 that
There is a separate shrine for Sambandar celebrating the miracle of Parvathi suckling the child Sambandar when he was crying for milk. Shiva is worshipped in three different forms; the Shivalingam (Bhrammapureeswarar), Uma Maheswarar (Toniappar) at the middle level, and Bhairavar (	(	PUNCT	Sattanathar	PROPN	Sattanathar
At the time of the conflict, however, it was not established that the Supreme Court could resolve state boundary disputes, and Jackson declined the offer. Looking for peace, Lucas began making his own efforts to end the conflict, again through federal intervention via Ohio	Ohio	PROPN	's	PART	's
). " SpongeBob sings it, bringing back the residents ' Christmas spirit. Unfortunately, it is too late when Santa arrives and states that everyone is on his naughty list, except for Plankton, who is the only nice person there is, which has earned	earned	VERB	him	PRON	 him
Other issues, such as Kurdish rights, women's rights, LGBT rights, and press freedom, have also attracted controversy. Turkey's human rights record continues to be a significant obstacle to future membership of the EU. According to the Committee to Protect Journalists,	,	PUNCT	the	DET	 the
Nuzman returned and concluded the presentation, which included a short film (called UnityA) by Academy Award nominated director Fernando Meirelles, and a music video (called CelebrationB) with an English version of " Aquele Abraço " by Gilberto Gil. After the presentation, the	the	DET	session	NOUN	 session
A number of racist organisations, such as the Order of Nine Angles and the Black Order, combine elements of Heathenism with Satanism, although other racist Heathens, such as Wotansvolk's Ron McVan, have denounced the integration of these differing religious traditions. Racist Heathens are	are	AUX	heavily	ADV	 heavily
Eric Kohanik of The Hamilton Spectator said the episode continues to demonstrate why Homicide is " the best new series of the midseason ", and praised it for not resorting to " silly car chases (and) blazing guns ". Chris Kaltenbach of The Baltimore Sun complimented	complimented	VERB	the	DET	 the
The condensed events were summarized and the official synopsis was published in the The Moving Picture World. It states: " Jane Eyre is left an orphan and penniless at the age of 14. She is adopted by her uncle, who has ample means of providing for	for	ADP	her	PRON	 her
Kilham now forms part of Wooler electoral division of Northumberland County Council, represented by Anthony Murray of the Conservative Party, who was elected to the new council on its creation in 2008. The parish does not have a parish council. Since 1885, Kilham has been	been	AUX	part	NOUN	 part
Next was his first graded stakes race, the seven furlong, Grade I Del Mar Futurity. He ran strongly, but finished sixth after he got caught in traffic in a field of 11 horses and was accidentally hit in the face by another jockey's whip.	.	PUNCT	Two	NUM	 Two
The Washington Post described her character as " a campier, trampier version of herself – or at least her tabloid image. " Premiere.com said she was " terrible " while Variety called it " her best work in some time. " Because of her rehabilitation and legal	legal	ADJ	engagements	NOUN	 engagements
Fuel grade ethanol production increased from 100,000 liters in 1933 to 51.5 million liters in 1937, representing 7% of the country's fuel consumption. Production peaked to 77 million liters during World War II, representing 9.4% of all ethanol production in the country. Due	Due	ADP	to	ADP	 to
The war on the Peninsula was over. Wellington and his army had marched over an estimated 6,000 miles (9,656 km) and fought in many engagements through Portugal and Spain, the consequences of which helped bring the downfall of Napoleon, resulting in peace across Europe.	.	PUNCT	There	PRON	 There
In July 2014, when Jean announced the title of the episode at the Television Critics Association summer tour, several news outlets suspected that Krusty the Clown would be killed off. Jean later told of his surprise at this theory, saying " I was like, '	'	PUNCT	What	PRON	 What
In 1920, the RNWMP and Dominion Police would be merged under a new name, the Royal Canadian Mounted Police (RCMP). Following his retirement from the NWMP, Primrose was offered the position of a police magistrate in Edmonton. Primrose accepted, as he had	had	AUX	always	ADV	 always
His united kingdom in the north did not outlast him, and his conversion to Christianity was renounced by his successors. When his kingship is compared with his pagan brother in law Æthelfrith, or to Æthelfrith's sons Oswald and Oswiu, or to the resolutely pagan Penda	Penda	PROPN	of	ADP	 of
Shortly after, Spears took the stage again wearing a hot pink bra, a white fur coat and a jean skirt to perform the song. The choreography was a mimicry of the music video. The song was also performed at her 2009 tour, The Circus Starring	Starring	PROPN	Britney	PROPN	 Britney
Its organisation was: It was ranked 1st (of 55) in the order of precedence of the Yeomanry Regiments in the Army List of 1914. In accordance with the Territorial and Reserve Forces Act 1907 (7 Edw. 7, c.9) which brought the Territorial	Territorial	PROPN	Force	PROPN	 Force
Upon his arrival he released 24 players and converted a boot storage room at Anfield into a room where the coaches could discuss strategy; here, Shankly and other " Boot Room " members Joe Fagan, Reuben Bennett, and Bob Paisley began reshaping the team. The	The	DET	club	NOUN	 club
Al Ahbar suggested to him that it should be behind the Rock "... so that all of Jerusalem would be before you. " Umar replied, " You correspond to Judaism! " Immediately after this conversation, Umar began to clean up the site — which was	was	AUX	filled	VERB	 filled
On his return Sinfjotli is poisoned by Borghild, and she is turned out by Sigmund, who instead marries Hiordis. Sigmund is killed in battle, and the pregnant Hiordis is taken to live in the hall of King Elf in Denmark. There she gives birth to	to	ADP	Sigurd	PROPN	 Sigurd
Apart from descriptions of the house and its contents (some of which may be drawn from Larkin's own childhood home in Coventry), much of the narrative is taken up with a comical description of an attempt to launch the local lifeboat. Larkin's biographer Richard	Richard	PROPN	Bradford	PROPN	 Bradford
In early 2000, the MBTA released a study which analyzed the possibility of full time commuter service to Yawkey to serve workers at nearby Boston University, Kenmore Square, and the Longwood Medical and Academic Area. An addendum released in August 2000 analyzed increased service (on	on	ADP	all	DET	 all
The first abolished the use of the terms " pribumi " and " non pribumi " in official government documents and business. The second abolished the ban on the study of Mandarin Chinese and reaffirmed a 1996 instruction that abolished the use of the SBKRI to identify citizens of	of	ADP	Chinese	ADJ	 Chinese
Unlike direct selection (e.g., typing on a keyboard, touching a screen), users of Target Scanning can only make selections when the scanning indicator (or cursor) of the electronic device is on the desired choice. Those who are unable to point typically calibrate	calibrate	VERB	their	PRON	 their
And again, to the same correspondent, May 6, 1863: I have never had the least sympathy with the a priori reasons against orthodoxy, and I have by nature and disposition the greatest possible antipathy to all the atheistic and infidel school. Nevertheless I know	know	VERB	that	SCONJ	 that
The cuisine of the Ottoman Empire — which incorporated Palestine in 1516 — was partially made up of what had become, by then a " rich " Arab cuisine. After the Crimean War, in 1855, many other communities including Bosnians, Greeks, French and Italians	Italians	PROPN	began	VERB	 began
Since its original album release, " A Day in the Life " has been released as a B side, and also on various compilation albums. It has been covered by other artists, and since 2008, by McCartney in his live performances. It was ranked	ranked	VERB	the	DET	 the
… Segregation was not unconstitutional because it might have caused psychological feelings of inferiority. Public school systems that separated blacks and provided them with superior educational resources making blacks " feel " superior to whites sent to lesser schools — would violate the Fourteenth Amendment, whether or not	not	PART	the	DET	 the
The Elementary Education Act 1870 provided for local school boards, but was opposed by the established church. The process of establishing boards was lengthy, and the government had to enforce the regulations in Aberdaron, Llanfaelrhys and Y Rhiw; the national school opened at Y Rhiw	Rhiw	PROPN	in	ADP	 in
A variety of local greens such as anamamy ([anaˈmamʲ], Morelle greens), anamafaitra (Malagasy pronunciation: [anaˈmafai ̯ ʈʳ], Martin greens) and particularly anamalao (Malagasy pronunciation: [anamaˈlau ̯], paracress) — distinguished by the mildly	mildly	ADV	analgesic	ADJ	 analgesic
Macedonia was part of the Vilnius group, and had formed the Adriatic Charter with Croatia and Albania in 2003 to better coordinate NATO accession. The 1995 NATO bombing of Bosnia and Herzegovina targeted the Bosnian Serb Army and together with international pressure led to the resolution of the	the	DET	Bosnian	PROPN	 Bosnian
Again using the broken span, the Australians crossed the river and scaled the bank in the moonlight, before establishing defensive positions on both sides of the road on the crest 400 metres (440 yd) from the Taeryong. Achieving their objectives the Australians then spread out	out	ADP	along	ADP	 along
These changes were reflective of wider organisational adaption, tactical innovation, and the adoption of new weapons and technology that occurred throughout the British Expeditionary Force (BEF). At the start of the Gallipoli Campaign, the AIF had four infantry brigades with the first three making	making	VERB	up	ADP	 up
Because of its use by " Rise, O Voices of Rhodesia ", the " Ode to Joy " melody is controversial in Zimbabwe, where its annual playing at foreign embassies on Europe Day initially caused shock to Zimbabwean government officials who, according to historian Josephine Fisher	Fisher	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
Later copies of the second state, with minor retouching, were also printed from the plate by Thomas Cotes in 1632, for Robert Allot's Second Folio, a new edition of the collected plays. It was also reused in later folios, although by then the	the	DET	plate	NOUN	 plate
The Black Diamonds from Lithgow cut " I Want, Need, Love You " that same year. Former surf band the Sunsets from Newcastle released the single " Hot Generation " in 1967. Originally from Brisbane, though they would later re locate to Sydney, the	the	DET	Pleazers	PROPN	 Pleazers
Due to the high number of storms, there were a record number of cyclone days – days in which a tropical cyclone is active – as well as intense tropical cyclone days, the latter with 27. The next season approach either total was the 2001 – 02	02	NUM	season	NOUN	 season
In the previous episode, Section D discover that Nightingale is manipulating Hindus and Muslims to attack each other in an attempt to further tarnish relations between India and Pakistan; Section D is able to prevent the attacks in the UK, but it is later revealed that Nightingale	Nightingale	PROPN	succeeded	VERB	 succeeded
England won the match by four wickets, to become ODI world champions. Taylor finished the tournament as the leading run scorer, having made 324 runs, and her batting average was the highest amongst batsmen with over 100 runs. She was one of five England players	players	NOUN	to	PART	 to
The reserves of the 7th and 8th brigades began deploying at 08: 30 (along with the Royal Marines), while the 9th Brigade began its deployment at 11: 40. The subsequent push inland towards Carpiquet and the Caen – Bayeux railway line achieved mixed results	results	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
' Upstream ' policies look at changing society, ' midstream ' policies try to alter individuals ' behavior to prevent obesity, and ' downstream ' policies try to treat currently afflicted people. The main treatment for obesity consists of dieting and physical exercise. Diet programs may	may	AUX	produce	VERB	 produce
Besson wanted to shoot the film in France, but suitable locations could not be found; filming took place instead in London and Mauritania. Comics writers Jean " Moebius " Giraud and Jean Claude Mézières, whose comics provided inspiration for parts of the film, were hired	hired	VERB	for	ADP	 for
The storm damaged power lines on the island but they were quickly repaired. The strong winds uprooted trees in the Halifax and Dartmouth, Nova Scotia area. In Nova Scotia, Helene's worst effects were felt in Cape Breton Island, where the storm was considered the	the	DET	worst	ADJ	 worst
This ward has three seats on Canterbury City Council, and, in the local elections of 2011, they were won by the existing councillors Jennie Edwards, Gillian Reuby and Ann Taylor, all Conservative. At the national level Reculver is in the English parliamentary constituency of	of	ADP	North	PROPN	 North
The Atomic Warfare Status Center was created within the AFSWP to handle this mission. In April 1958, Eisenhower asked Congress for legislation to overhaul the Department of Defense. Over a decade had passed since the legislation which had established it, and he was concerned about the	the	DET	degree	NOUN	 degree
Due to such changes in sensation, people are encouraged to explore their bodies to discover what areas are pleasurable. Masturbation is a useful way to learn about the body's new responses. Tests exist to measure how much sensation a person has retained in the genitals after	after	ADP	an	DET	 an
When Scudder felt his pursuing enemy again, he left his family and traveled aimlessly throughout the country. After narrowly surviving a cave in in Babylon, he joined the Hyde & Teller Company, a small carnival working the southeastern circuit. Scudder worked as a sideshow geek	geek	NOUN	for	ADP	 for
Hillenburg said, " It's in the characters ' extreme body language, in how they slither capriciously around the deadpan frames. " The storyboard artists, including Sherm Cohen, then illustrated ideas conceived by the writers. In the series Tom Yasumi and Andrew Overtoom do	do	VERB	the	DET	 the
Since he lacked formal education in Latin and mathematics, contemporary scholars mostly ignored Leonardo the scientist, although he did teach himself Latin. In the 1490s he studied mathematics under Luca Pacioli and prepared a series of drawings of regular solids in a skeletal form to be engraved	engraved	VERB	as	ADP	 as
Series four, Miracle Day (2011), begins by showing Rhys living in seclusion alongside Gwen and their daughter, Anwen. His rural idyll is shattered when CIA agent Rex Matheson (Mekhi Phifer) extradites Jack and Gwen to America — believing them to be connected	connected	VERB	to	ADP	 to
Hely was acting Air Member for Personnel from 3 January to 7 March 1955, between the terms of Air Vice Marshals Val Hancock and Fred Scherger. On 24 January 1956, he became AOC Training Command, taking over from Air Vice Marshal Murdoch. He was succeeded	succeeded	VERB	as	ADP	 as
' We piss children into the graveyard. The trumpets of Judgement Day — very well, it won't be a trumpet. Golden scissors will cut through the continuous stream of children. We men are like pigs ' tripes stuffed with mincemeat by a demon butcher to	to	PART	make	VERB	 make
Salford City Council granted planning consent for an outline application for a multi use development on the site involving residential, retail and studio and office space in October 2006 and consent for a detailed planning application followed in May 2007. In the same month the BBC Trust approved	approved	VERB	moving	VERB	 moving
In the days following the capture of Damour, the 2 / 5th had continued the advance north towards Khalde on the coastal road to Beirut; meanwhile, the Vichy commanders sought an armistice, bringing the campaign to an end on 12 July. The 2 / 5th	5th	NOUN	's	PART	's
The City seemed to have escaped most of the catastrophic wind damage and heavy rain that had been predicted. Most buildings came through well structurally. However, the city's levee and flood walls designed and built by the US Army Corps of Engineers breached in over fifty	fifty	NUM	locations	NOUN	 locations
In 1950, the encyclical Humani generis of Pope Pius XII first mentioned evolution directly and officially. It allowed one to enquire into the concept of humans coming from pre existing living matter, but not to question Adam and Eve or the creation of the soul. In	In	ADP	1996	NUM	 1996
Ruth's biographers agree that he benefited from the timing of his ascension to " Home Run King ", with an America hit hard by both the war and the 1918 flu pandemic longing for something to help put these traumas behind it. He also resonated in a	a	DET	country	NOUN	 country
The newly built vessel was launched on 13 January 1804 as " His Majesty's Armed Colonial Cutter Integrity " under the command of Royal Navy Lieutenant John Houstoun and with a crew of eight men. She was the first seagoing vessel to be launched in the colony of	of	ADP	New	PROPN	 New
This changed with the October 1929 publication of his novel Berlin Alexanderplatz which earned him national and global fame. One of the best known appraisals of the novel is Walter Benjamin's essay, " Die Krisis des Romans " (" The Crisis of the Novel ")	)	PUNCT	which	PRON	 which
Also in 2010, American producer Skrillex achieved moderate commercial success in North America with a dubstep influenced sound. By 2011 his EP Scary Monsters and Nice Sprites had peaked at number three on the U.S.Billboard Dance / Electronic album charts. In February 2011, Chase & Status	Status	PROPN	's	PART	's
He made his first television appearance at the age of two on the show Fiesta del Cuarteto; he appeared with an acquaintance of the family, Juan Carlos " La Mona " Jiménez. Jiménez would later become his main musical influence, along with the bands Cuarteto de	de	PROPN	Oro	PROPN	 Oro
Later in the season, he scored a touchdown against Wisconsin on an end around, a play Michigan employed frequently with Ford. By 1947, Ford had grown to 215 pounds, 25 pounds heavier than he had weighed in 1945. Led by All American halfbacks Bob	Bob	PROPN	Chappuis	PROPN	 Chappuis
It was directed by Dan Scanlon and produced by Kori Rae, with John Lasseter, Pete Docter, Andrew Stanton and Lee Unkrich as executive producers. It is the fourteenth feature film produced by Pixar and is a prequel to 2001's Monsters, Inc., marking the	the	DET	first	ADJ	 first
On occasion, divers would inadvertently trigger the mechanism while donning gear or performing a movement underwater and, not realizing that the reserve had already been accessed, could find themselves out of air at depth with no warning whatsoever. The J valve got its name from being	being	AUX	item	NOUN	 item
Two or more broods may be laid in an extended breeding season. A clutch consists of three or four matte white eggs with reddish brown splotches and spots, measuring 12 mm × 16 mm (0.47 in × 0.63 in). The female incubates the eggs for	for	ADP	14	NUM	 14
For authenticity, the house was filled with items similar to those found at Kom's house such as indigenous short stools and woven curtains sourced from Manipur. The designers also created a room for her awards and trophies; Kom has a separate trophy room where all her	her	PRON	awards	NOUN	 awards
The constituencies of Nanoor, Rajnagar, Mayureswar and Hansan were reserved for Scheduled Castes (SC) candidates. Vidhan Sabha was elected in 2006 assembly elections, which took place before the rearrangement of parliamentary and assembly constituencies as per order of the Delimitation Commission in respect of	of	ADP	the	DET	 the
The centrality of Paris in La Comédie Humaine is key to Balzac's legacy as a realist. " Realism is nothing if not urban ", notes critic Peter Brooks; the scene of a young man coming into the city to find his fortune is ubiquitous in the	the	DET	realist	ADJ	 realist
Prominent artists included Goyō Hashiguchi, called the " Utamaro of the Taishō period " for his manner of depicting women; Shinsui Itō, who brought more modern sensibilities to images of women; and Hasui Kawase, who made modern landscapes. Watanabe also published works by non	non	ADJ	Japanese	ADJ	 Japanese
The plot involving Q was added subsequently to the episode in order to make it longer. Roddenberry was aiming for an hour long pilot, but Paramount wanted a two hour show and eventually won out. Other items were also added in order to lengthen the episode,	,	PUNCT	including	VERB	 including
Torres faced his old rivals Real Madrid on 10 March 2009 in the Champions League last 16 and due to an ankle injury, he had a painkilling injection before the game to enable him to play. He scored the first goal of the game, which ended as	as	ADP	a	DET	 a
On the October 22 episode of Impact!, The Beautiful People began appearing in backstage segments they dubbed as their reality show " The Meanest Girls ", an allusion to the 2004 teen comedy Mean Girls. In the pilot episode, The Beautiful People attacked Taylor Wilde	Wilde	PROPN	and	CCONJ	 and
It took place on August 27, 1990, at The Spectrum in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania. The card featured ten televised matches, including two main events. The Ultimate Warrior successfully defended his WWF World Heavyweight Championship against Rick Rude in a steel cage match, and Hulk	Hulk	PROPN	Hogan	PROPN	 Hogan
" Promiscuous " charted at number one on the Canadian Digital Chart and was the most successful single release in her home nation since " I'm Like a Bird " (2000). In April 2008, the Canadian Recording Industry Association (CRIA) began certifying ringtone	ringtone	ADJ	sales	NOUN	 sales
There was enough demand for the certificates that MacGregor was able to raise the price to two shillings and sixpence per acre in July 1822, then gradually to four shillings per acre, without diminishing sales; according to MacGregor, about 500 had bought Poyaisian land by early	early	ADJ	1823	NUM	 1823
On 5 June, she was hit by two large bombs that struck her port side. She was transferred to Genoa for repairs, which were not completed before the Armistice that ended Italian participation in the war. Littorio was hit by three bombs on 19 June,	,	PUNCT	a	DET	 a
The pair huddle together, groom one another, and share nesting and pup raising responsibilities. Among the most social of rodents are the ground squirrels, which typically form colonies based on female kinship, males dispersing after weaning and becoming nomadic as adults. Cooperation in ground	ground	NOUN	squirrels	VERB	 squirrels
The success in 1938 of Action Comics and its lead hero Superman marked the beginning of the Golden Age of Comic Books, in which the superhero genre was prominent. The popularity of superhero comic books declined following World War II, while comic book sales continued to increase	increase	VERB	as	SCONJ	 as
The Jacksons continued to tour internationally, and released six more albums between 1976 and 1984. Michael, the group's lead songwriter during this time, wrote hits such as " Shake Your Body (Down to the Ground) " (1979), " This Place	Place	PROPN	Hotel	PROPN	 Hotel
He held the post for the next five years, during which time he wrote several anthems and hymns, the latter of which included " Every Good Gift ", " Behold! Upon the Mountains " and " Be Strong! All ye People ". It was	was	AUX	around	ADV	 around
" Jenny McCartney, a reporter from The Spectator, expressed the view that " in person he is hard to dislike. There's a notable absence of pomposity in his manner, a propensity to laughter, and his love of an ideological scrap is allied to a	a	DET	calm	NOUN	 calm
The upgrade made the old section lighter, as it was previously painted in dark red, and visually similar to the new section. Between 2008 and 2012, the Norwegian National Rail Administration is performing a major upgrade to the section between Lysaker and Etterstad, including the	the	DET	Oslo	PROPN	 Oslo
In 2014 Juniper acquired the software defined networking (SDN) company WANDL. Juniper Networks designs and markets IT networking products, such as routers, switches and IT security products. It started out selling core routers for ISPs, and expanded into edge routers, data centers	centers	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
While Greenland is geologically associated with North America, it is also a part of the Arctic region. Apart from the few tidewater glaciers such as Taku Glacier, in the advance stage of their tidewater glacier cycle prevalent along the coast of Alaska, virtually all of those	those	PRON	in	ADP	 in
Becher was promoted to commander on 31 December 1944, and the following month Quickmatch was transferred to the recently established British Pacific Fleet. On 28 February, the British Pacific Fleet, including Quickmatch, sailed from Sydney Harbour for Manus Island to prepare for its role in	in	ADP	support	NOUN	 support
Major world leaders including Vladimir Lenin, Mao Zedong, Fidel Castro, Salvador Allende, Josip Tito, and Kwame Nkrumah all cited Marx as an influence, and his ideas informed political parties worldwide beyond those where ' Marxist revolutions ' took place. The brutal dictatorships associated	associated	VERB	with	ADP	 with
The second draft, which was credited to Gilliam, Warren Skaaren, and Hamm rather than McKeown, used the character Rorschach's journal as a voice over, and restored scenes from the comic book that Hamm had removed. According to Watchmen artist Dave Gibbons, filming	filming	NOUN	was	AUX	 was
Music historian Peter Guralnick notes that the guitar part " established a new guitar dominated soul sound ". It plays a prominent role, beginning with the chorded lead in, which music writer Keith Shadwick describes as " rhythmic patterns that are tasteful modifications of the motifs favored	favored	VERB	by	ADP	 by
A studio version of the duet was released on the US iTunes Store on December 16, 2013. " We Remain " was written by Ryan Tedder and Brent Kutzle of OneRepublic, and Mikky Ekko. The song is a midtempo arena pop power ballad. It lasts	lasts	VERB	for	ADP	 for
The building had been inspected by the fire department, first in February 1976, and later in the beginning of 1977, after which the hotel's management was notified in writing that there were severe fire safety defects. They issued a list of proposed improvements to be	be	AUX	implemented	VERB	 implemented
In addition, participants will help validate and analyze the data while testing their own theories and publishing original research articles in a peer reviewed astronomical journal. " Epsilon Aurigae " is the system's Bayer designation (invented by German astronomer Johann Bayer in his 1603 atlas,	,	PUNCT	Uranometria	PROPN	 Uranometria
The scientific name comes from Latin ardea " heron ", and purpureus, " coloured purple ". It breeds in Africa, central and southern Europe, and southern and eastern Asia. The Western Palearctic populations migrate between breeding and wintering habitats whereas the African and tropical	tropical	ADJ	Asian	ADJ	 Asian
The film was greeted with lukewarm reviews and dismal ticket sales, though Strickland later referred to it as her " big break ". The second, Something's Got ta Give (starring Jack Nicholson and Diane Keaton), was a major critical and commercial success,	,	PUNCT	though	SCONJ	 though
The Florence Nightingale School of Nursing & Midwifery is the oldest professional school of nursing in the world. King's is a major centre for biomedical research. It is a founding member of King's Health Partners, one of the largest academic health sciences centres in Europe	Europe	PROPN	with	ADP	 with
" The original conceit for Carter's episode was " What makes the perfect soldier? " He also liked the twist on sleep, noting that " sleep is where demons are released in our dreams. " He explained that the characters in " Sleepless " were haunted	haunted	VERB	by	ADP	 by
Some scenes were filmed on location at the Homestead Joint Air Reserve Base adjacent to Homestead, Florida. The 482nd Fighter Wing Airmen were used as extras while filming at the base, along with several of their fighter aircraft. The production was expected to continue in June	June	PROPN	of	ADP	 of
Theater productions are presented at the Gerding Theater at the Armory in Portland's Pearl District. PCS was founded in 1988 as the northern sibling of the Oregon Shakespeare Festival in Ashland, Oregon. It became an independent theater in 1993 and in 1994 Elizabeth Huddle became producing	producing	VERB	artistic	ADJ	 artistic
It has also been suggested that he may be drawing the curtains to block out the light from the full moon. Jenny Uglow believes that the boy echoes the figure in the last print of William Hogarth's The Four Stages of Cruelty by pointing out the arrogance and	and	CCONJ	potential	ADJ	 potential
Host Jeff Probst consistently ranks it as his favorite, equating it to a " first girlfriend. " Entertainment Weekly columnist Dalton Ross ranks Borneo as tied for first with Survivor: Micronesia, saying "... Borneo now seems dated and tame by comparison, but it's	's	AUX	the	DET	 the
The University of Georgia represented the Southeastern Conference (SEC) and Virginia Tech represented the Atlantic Coast Conference (ACC) in the competition. The game was the final competition of the 2006 football season for each team and resulted in a 31 – 24 Georgia victory,	,	PUNCT	even	ADV	 even
Eyewitnesses also spoke of a reddish brown fireball, which indicated a magazine explosion; this was confirmed during exploration of the wreck by divers. Accidental explosion within a magazine. While the Mutsu carried many projectiles, immediate suspicion focused on the Type 3 anti aircraft shell as	as	SCONJ	it	PRON	 it
Athletes with disabilities did compete in the Olympic Games prior to the advent of the Paralympics. The first athlete to do so was German American gymnast George Eyser in 1904, who had one artificial leg. Hungarian Karoly Takacs competed in shooting events in both the 1948 and	and	CCONJ	1952	NUM	 1952
In Subsaharan Africa, Javanese batik was introduced in the 19th century by Dutch and English traders. The local people there adapted the Javanese batik, making larger motifs with thicker lines and more colours. In the 1970s, batik was introduced to Australia, where aboriginal artists	artists	NOUN	at	ADP	 at
Darla's role in the series is more prominent in the episode " Angel ", where it is revealed that she is Angel's sire and former lover. Darla bites an unsuspecting Joyce Summers (Buffy's mother), making it look as if Angel did it	it	PRON	.	PUNCT	.
It suffered several casualties, including a soldier killed by sniper fire, a soldier killed by a suicide car bomb, and two soldiers who died of non combat related causes. The brigade returned home in October 2007, replaced again by the 18th Military Police Brigade.	.	PUNCT	After	ADP	 After
Alongside reassurance, explanation and habit reversal, patients are shown how to breathe using their diaphragms prior to and during the normal rumination period. A similar breathing pattern can be used to prevent normal vomiting. Breathing in this method works by physically preventing the abdominal contractions required	required	VERB	to	PART	 to
An example is 炷 zhù " candle " (now archaic, meaning " lampwick "), which was originally a pictograph 主, a character that is now pronounced zhǔ and means " host ". The character 火 huǒ " fire " was added to indicate that	that	SCONJ	the	DET	 the
The bat has a distinctive swollen, pig like snout with thin, vertical nostrils. Its ears are relatively large, while its eyes are small and mostly concealed by fur. Its teeth are typical of an insectivorous bat. The dental formula is 1: 1:	:	SYM	1	NUM	 1
Oroshi are also played as a part of theatrical performance, such as in Noh theater. Drums are not the only instruments played in the ensemble; other Japanese instruments are also used. Other kinds of percussion instruments include the atarigane (当り鉦), a hand sized	sized	ADJ	gong	NOUN	 gong
The design was difficult as Hemming struggled to find a tailor in Los Angeles who could work with shearling. The Batsuit consisted of 110 separate pieces, each of which had to be replicated dozens of times over the course of the production. The base layer was made	made	VERB	of	ADP	 of
He felt that the former could come off as too much like Japanese lolicon styled art, while the latter could make the story seem too serious. The Queen's more realistic design made him question whether a child like Jill would be appropriate. He designed several versions	versions	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
After Daichi recovers a repressed memory of his mother's death during a family trip to Hokkaidō — which Sora attempted to protect him from by lying about being Najika's flan prince — he remembers that he is actually her flan prince, having given her a flan made	made	VERB	by	ADP	 by
Charles Ranken, chess champion, lived in Malvern from 1871 until his death in 1905. Franklin D. Roosevelt, later President of the USA, stayed at the Aldwyn Tower Hotel while convalescing from an illness at the age of 7. George Sayer, biographer of C.	C.	PROPN	S.	PROPN	 S.
Pius was criticised for his reception of Pavelić: an unattributed British Foreign Office memo on the subject described Pius as " the greatest moral coward of our age. " The Vatican did not officially recognise Pavelić's regime. Pius XII did not publicly condemn the expulsions and	and	CCONJ	forced	VERB	 forced
There are various hiking trails in nearby hilly areas, including Omak Mountain and its look out tower, and Moses Mountain. The Granite Mountain Trail is located between the forests about 33 miles (53 km) away from the city. There is skiing available about 25	25	NUM	miles	NOUN	 miles
Beauchamp consented. Against Cooke's advice, Beauchamp traveled immediately to the capital of Frankfort, where Sharp had recently been appointed attorney general by the governor. According to Beauchamp's account, he found Sharp and challenged him to a duel, but Sharp refused because he	he	PRON	was	AUX	 was
Play Arts Kai figurines of Tidus and Yuna were produced and the original soundtracks were re released. Two new Ultimania guide books were published for each game. Nojima wrote the tie in novel Final Fantasy X 2.5: Eien no Daishō that bridges the gap between Last Mission	Mission	PROPN	and	CCONJ	 and
The Navy hesitated, and awarded the contract to the private company only after a push from Tsar Alexander III. Navarin, laid down in July 1889 and launched in 1891, set the standard configuration for all Russian pre dreadnought battleships, but in 1890, when the	the	DET	Navy	PROPN	 Navy
The next track " Something to Remember " deals with her failed marriage to Penn and was the source of inspiration for naming her 1995 compilation album. Musically, it has melancholy chords and rambling melody, which according to Taraborrelli made it the most compelling song by Madonna	Madonna	PROPN	.	PUNCT	.
The Hunter F.6 was retired from its day fighter role in the RAF by 1963, being replaced by the much faster English Electric Lightning interceptor. Many F.6s were then given a new lease of life in the close air support role, converting into the Hunter FGA.9 variant	variant	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
In Ireland, " Collide " debuted at number three on 8 September 2011, and remained in the top ten in its second week, where it charted at number eight. " Collide " was the highest new entry on the Irish Singles Chart for that week.	.	PUNCT	In	ADP	 In
Gannon was made favourite to be given the job by several bookmakers, and he met with Brighton chairman Dick Knight on the 25th, before announcing on the 26th that he had chosen not to take the job. Knight had indicated that Gannon was his first choice for	for	ADP	the	DET	 the
The following week, the album began to descend once more, selling an estimated 54,000 copies and dropping three places to reach the ninth position on October 24. By year's end, Graduation was the third most downloaded and best selling album of 2007 on iTunes Store	Store	PROPN	.	PUNCT	.
In German, sorrow is mentioned first, then the final Kingdom of God. Bach repeats the beginning text four times, while the singular destination appears only once. The key word " Trübsal " is illustrated each time by a downward line, each time with more	more	ADJ	intensity	NOUN	 intensity
One of the difficulties of designing the suit was to make it look shiny without resembling " gross lolicon manga porn ". A harder version called Mighty Jill Off - Jill Off Harder Edition, was released in October 2008, 8 months after the original version. Anthropy	Anthropy	PROPN	compared	VERB	 compared
It has been suggested that the lyrics address Spears ' ex husband Kevin Federline. Upon release, the song received mostly positive reviews from contemporary music critics. Peter Robinson of The Observer gave the song the maximum five stars referring to it as a " comeback single "	"	PUNCT	and	CCONJ	 and
This work, since lost, might have been the sermons mentioned above, or could have been a known collection of homilies, also lost. It is also possible that another Gilbert was the author. Lastly, Walter Map recorded that Foliot had begun work on a	a	DET	"	PUNCT	 "
Rather than create an organized religion, the foundation's leadership opted for what they called " slow growth "; early adherents sought to educate people about the book's teachings rather than found a church like organization. Sadler also disavowed proselytizing and publicity, although he wrote	wrote	VERB	several	ADJ	 several
The song ends with a string ostinato that simply fades away, without fully resolving to the tonic chord. In an interview with The New York Times, Madonna commented that the lyrics to " Frozen " is built around " Retaliation, revenge, hate, regret,	,	PUNCT	that	PRON	 that
It is also known as the jungle, Sind jungle, or rufous backed sparrow. Very similar to the related house sparrow, it is smaller and has distinguishing plumage features. As in the house sparrow, the male has brighter plumage than female and young birds,	,	PUNCT	including	VERB	 including
Aside from repeating the player's drawn pattern, the stroke mimics the player's pace in drawing the stroke. The game begins with no prompt or tutorial other than to use a finger on the screen and experiment. The first puzzles are " on open, white	white	ADJ	canvasses	NOUN	 canvasses
The stated aim of the Solutions for Hope Tantalum Project is to " source conflict free tantalum from the Democratic Republic of Congo " Several steps are involved in the extraction of tantalum from tantalite. First, the mineral is crushed and concentrated by gravity separation. This is	is	AUX	generally	ADV	 generally
" New Release Tuesday called Gravity one of the most anticipated releases of the year. In its review, the site gave the album four out of five stars, stating that the recording in many ways lives up to the anticipation, but had three or four too	too	ADV	many	ADJ	 many
Dibnah remained at home and was surprised when, upon her return, she asked for a divorce. One day in October 1985, Dibnah attended a solid fuel exhibition in nearby Bury. Upon his return he discovered that Alison had left the house, taking with her	her	PRON	their	PRON	 their
Gary Milner was cast as the extra " Scared Man " after misreading the callsheet as " Sacred Man " and creating a " priest like " portrayal of the character. Andrew Bullivant — who portrayed the Milkman in the episode's cold open — was given a role	role	NOUN	in	ADP	 in
Astride the line of the advance, these positions were noted as being well constructed, camouflaged and dug in, with the North Koreans occupying positions on the forward slopes on both sides of the road. Airstrikes were called in and eight sorties were undertaken by United States	States	PROPN	Air	PROPN	 Air
Marie was the eldest daughter and second child of Prince Alfred, Duke of Edinburgh, and the former Grand Duchess Maria Alexandrovna of Russia, respectively the son of Queen Victoria and the daughter of Emperor Alexander II. She was born at her parents ' residence, Eastwell	Eastwell	PROPN	Manor	PROPN	 Manor
It was taken to Russia, and in the aftermath of the October Revolution of 1917 was feared lost. It resurfaced in 1935 in the collection of Calouste Gulbenkian, and after his death in 1955 was sold to a Philadelphia broker, who donated it anonymously to the	the	DET	Metropolitan	PROPN	 Metropolitan
However, the special board meeting which was held to appoint the two executives was held to be illegal by the Delaware Chancery Court, and the Mayer and Briskin appointments were overturned. The conflict continued on throughout the year, until MGM held a stockholders ' meeting in	in	ADP	October	PROPN	 October
The series finale, " The Blood Line ", sees Esther fatally shot by a member of The Three Families — the villains behind Miracle Day — in an attempt to prevent Torchwood ending the Miracle, but Gwen persuades Jack and Rex that Esther has to die so	so	SCONJ	that	SCONJ	 that
2, Paul Butterfield Band (2008, recorded 1978) Live at the Lone Star, Rick Danko, Richard Manuel & Paul Butterfield (2011, recorded 1984) Golden Butter: The Best of the Butterfield Blues Band (1972) The Original Lost Elektra Sessions (	(	PUNCT	1995	NUM	1995
Bowsman with a population of over 300, is the next largest village along the NWWR after The Pas. Swan River, in the Swan River valley, is between the Duck Mountains and Porcupine Mountains. North of Swan River, the AADT increases to about 2,000 vpd	vpd	NOUN	and	CCONJ	 and
In 1947 he became the first Australian to sit in the House of Lords (Sir John Forrest had been granted a peerage but died before it could be invested). Having been elevated to the peerage as Viscount Bruce of Melbourne by long time colleague Clement Attlee,	,	PUNCT	he	PRON	 he
The area within the middle moat of the castle complex is a designated Special Historic Site. Along with Matsumoto Castle and Kumamoto Castle, Himeji Castle is considered one of Japan's three premier castles. It is the most visited castle in Japan, receiving over 2,860,000 visitors	visitors	NOUN	in	ADP	 in
Large areas for automobile parking, often in co located multi storey car parks, are also typical to find at airports. Some airports provide shuttle services to parking garages for passengers and airport employees. Due to the very large scale of international airports, some have constructed	constructed	VERB	shuttle	NOUN	 shuttle
Furthermore, actions on both sides to control weaponry, gunpowder, and other military supplies became more contentious, as the British sought to bring military stores more directly under their control, and the Patriot colonists sought to acquire them for their own use. In 1772,	,	PUNCT	many	ADJ	 many
Still photographer Bhaskar (Mohan) takes pictures of his lover with a motorbike in the background. Chandru, who had come on that motorbike, had parked it there and murdered a prostitute (Vijaychandrika) who enticed him near the same location, then rode away.	.	PUNCT	Reading	VERB	 Reading
He won his first medal as a member of the silver medal winning US team at the 1972 Summer Olympics. After that, Davidson went to win gold at the 1976 and 1984 Olympics and silver in 1996, participating unsuccessfully in 1988. He has also competed repeatedly	repeatedly	ADV	at	ADP	 at
It covers an area of 400 feet (120 m) north to south by 300 feet (90 m) east to west, and housed around 100 people in five to seven groups of houses, each for an extended family, with sheds and barns, made	made	VERB	of	ADP	 of
Although American units were usually able to replenish their numbers quickly, the replacements rarely had sufficient tactical training. Many junior officers were short on tactical and leadership abilities. Some tankers were shipped to Europe without having so much as driven a car before; some tank commanders	commanders	NOUN	were	AUX	 were
Both courts of appeal reviewing this claim have rejected this reading of Velazquez. Instead of a distortion of speech test, the decision was based on the application of limited public forum principles: when the government provides funds to an entity, and this funding's purpose was	was	AUX	to	PART	 to
After additional weather related delays, on February 26 salvors managed to float the 440 – foot (132 m) bow section and began the process of towing it out to sea for disposal. By March 1, the tugboat Sea Victory had towed the bow from the	the	DET	beach	NOUN	 beach
Roosevelt refused, saying that the disparity in price was too great. Instead, the company was awarded two destroyer tenders in December 1937, Dixie and Prairie. Construction of the North Carolina class was slowed by the aforementioned material issues, the changes made to the basic	basic	ADJ	design	NOUN	 design
She quickly introduced him to her parents and was prepared to do anything for him, like stealing from the local café. When Dobber asked Toyah to have sex with him, she agreed, despite knowing that she should wait. Toyah was scared that if she said	said	VERB	no	INTJ	 no
After the breach, the 130th moved into Iraq. They provided support for the divisions as they advanced along the path to Baghdad. When a large sandstorm grounded aviation and large dust clouds became a problem, the brigade repurposed oil for use in dust abatement around airfields	airfields	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
Since 2006, music direction has been handled by Frankie Blue and John Hoke; themes they have written for the show include a remix of " Happy Wheels " and an original rock based composition. In addition to " Changing Keys ", Griffin also composed various incidental	incidental	ADJ	music	NOUN	 music
The ancestors then order their " Great Stone Dragon " to protect Mulan. The ancestors are unaware that the statue of Great Stone Dragon failed to come to life, and that Mushu, a small dragon, is the one sent to protect Mulan. Mulan is misguided	misguided	VERB	by	ADP	 by
" Ramsey Isler of IGN called " Whale Whores " an entertaining episode, but said the episode could have provided more meaningful satire and did not explain the whaling issue very well, especially considering the show's target audience was probably unfamiliar with it. Isler praised some	some	PRON	of	ADP	 of
After regaining full fitness, he became a first choice player at Molineux, making a further 27 appearances during the 2007 – 08 season. He scored his first goal for the club in a 1 – 1 draw with Leicester City in December 2007, in a season	season	NOUN	where	SCONJ	 where
In later life, Benn removed public references to his private education from Who's Who; in 1970 all references to Westminster School were removed; in the 1975 edition his entry stated " Education — still in progress ". In the 1976 edition, almost all details	details	NOUN	were	AUX	 were
Early in the match, TNA commentator Mike Tenay announced that Salinas had been injured in an assault by Jacqueline and was taken to the hospital in the storyline. The competitors set up two ladders in the ring at one point, with one standing upright and the other	other	ADJ	positioned	VERB	 positioned
". Some Americans had swarmed onto the Post Road in order to block to British retreat across the bridge, but Mawhood ordered a bayonet charge, and broke through the American lines, escaping across the bridge. Some of the Americans, Hand's riflemen among them	them	PRON	,	PUNCT	,
After the Camp Jackson Affair, there were no more military threats to Union control until 1864, although guerrilla activity continued in rural areas for the duration of the war. Union General John C. Fremont placed the city under martial law in August 1861 to suppress sedition;	;	PUNCT	after	ADP	 after
The Hungarian government sent 18,000 Jews to German occupied Ukraine because they were unable to prove they were Hungarian citizens; 14,000 – 16,000 of them were shot by the SS. Brand paid a Hungarian counter espionage officer to bring his wife's relatives back safely. Through the	the	DET	Poale	PROPN	 Poale
Strikingly different is the more overtly romantic Die erste Walpurgisnacht (The First Walpurgis Night), a setting for chorus and orchestra of a ballad by Goethe describing pagan rituals of the Druids in the Harz mountains in the early days of Christianity. This remarkable score has been	been	AUX	seen	VERB	 seen
To this, he adds that the devil would be suing him for injuries. He claims that he is going to spend his vacation in the mountains, and elaborates that he is talking about the pawnbroking institution known as muntele de pietate (from the French for "	"	PUNCT	Mountain	PROPN	 Mountain
The 2007 season witnessed the MLS debut of David Beckham. Beckham's signing had been seen as a coup for American soccer, and was made possible by the Designated Player Rule. Players such as Cuauhtémoc Blanco (Chicago Fire) and Juan Pablo Ángel (New York	York	PROPN	Red	PROPN	 Red
Hedwig and Margarete both remained loyal to Himmler. Writing to Gebhard in February 1945, Margarete said, " How wonderful that he has been called to great tasks and is equal to them. The whole of Germany is looking to him. " Hedwig expressed similar sentiments	sentiments	NOUN	in	ADP	 in
She also performed the song in London in an Apple Store. The set, with some songs by Cyrus ' father, was sold exclusively by the United Kingdom iTunes Store as an extended play titled iTunes Live from London. On June 7, 2009 at the twentieth	twentieth	ADJ	annual	ADJ	 annual
Some of this material is not diagnostic; other material has been recognized to be different, but was never sufficiently described. The taphonomy (burial and fossilization process) of the three main Plateosaurus sites — Trossingen, Halberstadt and Frick — is unusual in several ways.	.	PUNCT	All	DET	 All
The player may recruit adventuring companions over the course of the game; there are seven potential party members, but a maximum of five may accompany the player at any one time. Conversation is frequent among party members, occurring both randomly and during conversations with other non	non	ADJ	player	NOUN	 player
The Second Samnite War, from 327 BC to 304 BC, was much longer and more serious for both Romans and Samnites. The fortunes of the two sides fluctuated throughout its course. But the Romans won the Battle of Bovianum, and the tide turned strongly against	against	ADP	the	DET	 the
After failing multiple times to kill Greene, Licavoli is forced to humbly ask Genovese boss Anthony Salerno to help him kill Nardi and Greene. Having learned of this from the FBI, Greene claims that he wants to leave Cleveland and buy a ranch in Texas, but	but	CCONJ	needs	VERB	 needs
[2] The parkway heads through wooded surroundings near industrial areas and passes over MD 201, where there is a ramp from southbound MD 201 to the southbound B – W Parkway. It continues northeast, passing near Prince George's Hospital Center, to interchanges with	with	ADP	MD	PROPN	 MD
In 1988, her mother began nursing babies back to health in the neonatal intensive care unit of Vanderbilt University Hospital until she retired. Witherspoon has claimed descent from Scottish born John Witherspoon, who signed the United States Declaration of Independence; however, this claim has not	not	PART	been	AUX	 been
In November 1916, the German Imperial Navy, having a hard time finding trained submarine crews, inquired to find out if its ally Austria Hungary was interested in purchasing some of its Mediterranean submarines. A general agreement led to protracted negotiations, which stalled over the outflow	outflow	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
Kanal ended the relationship. Their break up inspired Stefani lyrically, and many of the album's songs, such as " Don't Speak ", " Sunday Morning ", and " Hey You ", chronicle the ups and downs of their relationship. During mid	mid	ADJ	1995	NUM	 1995
Lyrically, " Do Ya Thang " is a complimentary love song that contains " curse " words and a repetitive chorus. Robert Copsey of Digital Spy wrote that the song has a simple message evident in the lyrics, " At the end of the day you are	are	AUX	who	PRON	 who
Additionally, UBS provides a broad range of securities and savings products that are supported by the firm's underwriting and research activities as well as order execution and clearing services for transactions originated by individual investors. The business is further divided geographically with separate businesses focused on the	the	DET	U.S.	PROPN	 U.S.
For example, up to 200,000 different small molecules might be made in plants, although not all these will be present in the same species, or in a single cell. Estimates of the number of metabolites in single cells such as E. coli and baker's yeast	yeast	NOUN	predict	VERB	 predict
Bell joined Trott in the middle, and the pair added 67 runs together before Trott was dismissed for 64. Prior capitalised on more bad bowling from Razzak to reach his half century, but fell shortly after, giving Bangladesh hope of a first innings lead. Bell	Bell	PROPN	and	CCONJ	 and
A team of researchers discover remains of a crashed spaceship in the Arctic Circle, finding several humanoids with cybernetic implants frozen in the wreckage. Two bodies are taken to a nearby compound to be studied. The scientists marvel at the nanoprobes that begin to repair the long	long	ADJ	dead	ADJ	 dead
After defeating him, Cid arrives and takes them to one of his airships, the Enterprise. On the way, the party enters a room booby trapped by Cagnazzo, where Palom and Porom sacrifice themselves to save Cecil, Tellah, Cid, and Yang. On	On	ADP	the	DET	 the
The Joker has used venom since his debut; only he knows the formula, and is shown to be gifted enough to manufacture the toxin from ordinary household chemicals. Another version of the venom (used in " Joker's Last Laugh ") makes its victims resemble	resemble	VERB	the	DET	 the
When the institute was established, classes were held in rented rooms at Butler Palace and subsequently moved to Giri Institute of Developmental Studies. The current campus was built in 1992 in the outskirts of Lucknow. The institute runs with the mission to help improve management systems with	with	ADP	regard	NOUN	 regard
The top of the pail carried a cast iron rim about 3 inches deep to receive a tight fitting inner lid. The pails were collected on a weekly basis during the day. Each pail was secured by its lid and loaded onto a sealed 24 bay wagon to	to	PART	be	AUX	 be
The results of this research may be used in captive breeding programmes for endangered species. Disagreement exists between different authorities as to the definition of the terms Caudata and Urodela. Some maintain that the Urodela should be restricted to the crown group, with the Caudata being used	used	VERB	for	ADP	 for
Siegfried had a crew of 20 officers and 256 enlisted men. The ship was armed with three 24 cm K L / 35 guns mounted in three single gun turrets. Two were placed side by side forward, and the third was located aft of the main superstructure	superstructure	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
A phase to amplitude converter (PAC), which uses the phase accumulator output word (phase word) usually as an index into a waveform look up table (LUT) to provide a corresponding amplitude sample. Sometimes interpolation is used with the look up table to	to	PART	provide	VERB	 provide
The remolding provision helped generate a 15% sales increase in those locations for Heartland. As of January 2013, Heartland is the second largest franchises of Burger King in North America. The Downers Grove, Illinois based company owns and operates over 425 restaurants in The United	United	PROPN	States	PROPN	 States
Investigators did not comment on what prompted the new search, except that it was not related to Van der Sloot's book. According to Paulus van der Sloot, " nothing suspicious " was found, and all that was seized were diary entries of him and his	his	PRON	wife	NOUN	 wife
Subsequently, Virgin dropped Carey from the label roster. These decisions were brought on due to the low sales of the album, as well as the negative publicity surrounding her breakdown. While the two sides were laying out the terms for Carey's exit from Virgin,	,	PUNCT	Carey	PROPN	 Carey
To pressure Andersen into meeting Enron's earnings expectations, Enron would occasionally allow accounting companies Ernst & Young or PricewaterhouseCoopers to complete accounting tasks to create the illusion of hiring a new company to replace Andersen. Although Andersen was equipped with internal controls to protect against conflicted incentives	incentives	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
Pascu also founded his own band, The Blue Workers. Pascu recalled that during the 1990s, Divertis had to perform dozens of consecutive encores while on tour, which interfered with the group's regular Twin Peaks viewing parties. According to Gardianul newspaper, Pascu's activity	activity	NOUN	with	ADP	 with
The first of the two suites mainly deals with identity and self realization; the second is essentially a set of love songs. As with all the musical genres blended into The ArchAndroid, Monáe uses the conventions of science fiction as a means of communication, tapping into	into	ADP	mythic	ADJ	 mythic
Tropical Storm Five also developed on September 3, in the southern Gulf of Mexico and struck Louisiana on September 4. It caused minor damage in Mississippi and Louisiana, totaling less than $50,000. Neither the sixth or seventh tropical systems impacted land. The eighth hurricane	hurricane	NOUN	was	AUX	 was
The fledging period is around sixteen days, and young begin to find food for themselves between twenty six and thirty days after fledging, but are still regularly fed by adults to thirty five days. The young leave the nest before they are fully fledged, and only	only	ADV	able	ADJ	 able
This geographical information, as well as the wording in excerpts from the manifesto that were released prior to the entire manifesto being published, was what had persuaded David Kaczynski's wife, Linda, to urge her husband to read the manifesto. After the manifesto was published	published	VERB	,	PUNCT	,
It was the first weather caused shutdown in the history of the system. Service was restored by August 29. On October 29, 2012, another full closure was ordered before the arrival of Hurricane Sandy. All services on the subway, the Long Island Rail Road	Road	PROPN	and	CCONJ	 and
In 2002 the school was designated a technology college and since 2005 has been affiliated to the Specialist Schools and Academies Trust. In 2006, only 28% of the school's pupils gained at least five GCSEs at grades A * – C including English and maths,	,	PUNCT	ranking	VERB	 ranking
Electrical power was provided by four double turbo generators and two diesel generators. They produced a total output of 1,800 kilowatts at 225 volts. The Kaiser class ships each carried ten 30.5 cm (12.0 in) SK L / 50 guns mounted in five twin turrets.	.	PUNCT	One	NUM	 One
The mayor of Berlin, Klaus Wowereit, stated " We all held him so dearly. He was the star of the Berlin zoos. " In January 2014, Knut's full autopsy results were published by the Leibniz Institute for Zoo and Wildlife Research in the Journal	Journal	PROPN	of	ADP	 of
Common properties desired for all directional couplers are wide operational bandwidth, high directivity, and a good impedance match at all ports when the other ports are terminated in matched loads. Some of these, and other, general characteristics are discussed below. The coupling factor is	is	AUX	defined	VERB	 defined
This support included the supply and emplacement of naval guns and the establishment of river obstacles and mines. On 8 September, the Austro Hungarian base at Zemun was evacuated in the face of a Serbian counterattack. Bodrog and the minesweeper Andor conducted a deception operation towards Pančevo	Pančevo	PROPN	on	ADP	 on
While Gordimer never said the book was about Fischer, she did describe it as " a coded homage " to him. Before submitting the manuscript to her publisher, Gordimer gave it to Fischer's daughter, Ilse Wilson (née Fischer) to read, saying that	that	SCONJ	,	PUNCT	,
He then continued on to Tarsus, where he began preparing for a campaign against the Byzantines. The presence of his numerous soldiers, however, led to a rapid rise in prices, causing great hostility among the Tarsians, who demanded that he either leave or reduce	reduce	VERB	his	PRON	 his
They examined the handwriting against known examples and found that they matched. They determined that the paper, glue, and ink were readily available during the time the diary was said to have been written. They concluded that the diary is authentic, and their findings were	were	AUX	published	VERB	 published
He was also positive towards the episode's use of humor, noting that it " is very much on target ". Handlen, however, felt that the story showed the series ' tiredness and did not possess much suspense to keep the watcher completely engaged. Paula	Paula	PROPN	Vitaris	PROPN	 Vitaris
In the first half of Clay County's semifinal matchup with Madison Central High School, Farmer scored 18 and his younger brother, Russ, added 12 to account for 30 of their team's 39 first half points. The Tigers ' 17 point halftime lead grew to	to	ADP	as	ADV	 as
In January 2008, he signed a two and a half year contract with Scunthorpe United for an undisclosed fee. A day after signing for Scunthorpe, May made his debut for the club, coming on as a substitute in the 58th minute in a 2 – 0	0	NUM	defeat	NOUN	 defeat
Squall's weapon is a gunblade, a sword that uses components of a revolver to send vibrations through the blade when triggered. His Limit Break is a series of sword strikes called Renzokuken. Rinoa Heartilly (リノア ・ ハーティリー, Rinoa Hātirī) is the primary female	female	ADJ	protagonist	NOUN	 protagonist
Both times, his father removed him from the service because of his young age. Despite having only this few months of service to his credit, he was referred to as " Colonel Bradley " by many for the rest of his life. In 1861, Bradley	Bradley	PROPN	became	VERB	 became
Beating Cranky Kong's high score rewards the player with the Rareware Coin, which is necessary to beat the game. The game was retained in the April 2015 Virtual Console re release of Donkey Kong 64 on the Wii U, despite it being technically owned by Microsoft	Microsoft	PROPN	.	PUNCT	.
His class supported slavery. From the non slaveholding class of the Upland South were migrants such as Abraham Lincoln, whose family is representative of the migration to Indiana from Kentucky and Tennessee. Some of his social class, while not owning slaves, typically condoned the institution	institution	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
Forests were typically tied to castles, both to assist with the enforcement of the law and to store the goods being extracted from the local economy: Peveril Castle was linked to the Peak Forest and the local lead mining there; St Briavels was tied to the Forest	Forest	PROPN	of	ADP	 of
Nevertheless, in October 2014, Lois Leveen speculated in The Atlantic that the original Shakespeare play did not contain a balcony. The word, balcone, did not exist in the English language until two years after Shakespeare's death. The balcony was certainly used in Thomas	Thomas	PROPN	Otway	PROPN	 Otway
The series was marketed by the BBC as " The Sunday Format for the online age ", and critics have given Bigipedia favourable comparisons with its predecessor. The quality of the writing has also been praised. However, a few critics have expressed reservations about the way	way	NOUN	the	DET	 the
Thayer distinguishes " concealing colors " (mainly countershading for " invisibility ") from the " other " branch of protective coloration, which includes most kinds of mimicry, for " deceptive visibility ". The two branches are then named " obliterative coloration " and " mimicry	mimicry	ADJ	"	PUNCT	 "
Lia had been brushing Delphine's hair when she hit a snag, causing Delphine to grab a whip and chase her. The body was subsequently buried on the mansion grounds. According to Martineau, this incident led to an investigation of the Lalauries, in which they	they	PRON	were	AUX	 were
Most of the King's Council were also present. Cranmer, who was at Lambeth Palace, was reported to have broken down in tears after telling Alexander Ales: " She who has been the Queen of England on earth will today become a Queen in heaven.	.	PUNCT	"	PUNCT	 "
On Belmont day, GlaxoSmithKline gave away 50,000 of the strips at Belmont Park. Santa Anita, which simulcast the race, ran its own promotion, giving fans at that track purple nasal strips with the word " Chrome " on the front. On June 2,	,	PUNCT	the	DET	 the
The session was overseen by the justiciary of the Arbroath abbots and held in the house of Alexander Stewart, Earl of Mar, a known supporter of the Irvine family who had fought alongside him in France and at the Battle of Harlaw, just north of Inverurie.	.	PUNCT	The	DET	 The
; May 3, 1921 – April 12, 1989) was an American professional boxer. Frequently cited as the greatest boxer of all time, Robinson's performances in the welterweight and middleweight divisions prompted sportswriters to create " pound for pound " rankings, where they compared	compared	VERB	fighters	NOUN	 fighters
At around 1200 UTC on June 17, Dvorak classifications began on the disturbance, though initially its convection was broadly distributed and disorganized. The next day, however, an area of concentrated convection developed just south of the Gulf of Tehuantepec. Ships in the vicinity confirmed	confirmed	VERB	the	DET	 the
Prominent leaders in the development of prosperity theology include E. W. Kenyon, Oral Roberts, TD Jakes, A. A. Allen, Robert Tilton, T. L. Osborn, Joel Osteen, Creflo Dollar, Kenneth Copeland, Reverend Ike and Kenneth Hagin. Prosperity theology has been criticized	criticized	VERB	by	ADP	 by
Its first permanent building opened at Exhibition Place in 1961. In 1993, the Hall was relocated to a former Bank of Montreal building in Downtown Toronto, where it is now located. An 18 person committee of players, coaches and others meets annually in June to	to	PART	select	VERB	 select
Chris Carle, writing for IGN, described the single as an " ode to jealousy " that started " with [a] Eurhythmics style synth before launching into a snarling, almost tough chorus. " Marcus Duke for the Daily Express also noted the " sly sampling	sampling	VERB	"	PUNCT	 "
Another monument, in Philadelphia's Fairmount Park, was erected in 1896. In Victoria, Australia, Cannibal Creek was renamed Garfield in his honor. On May 19, 1890, Garfield's body was permanently interred, with great solemnity and fanfare, in a mausoleum	mausoleum	NOUN	in	ADP	 in
In 2002 the college had 94 researchers working in its eight research units. This includes the Makiling Center for Mountain Ecosystems, believed to be the first institution in the Philippines devoted to the study of mountain ecology. It also manages the Makiling Forest Reserve and has launched	launched	VERB	programs	NOUN	 programs
It can also be found in bamboo groves. It prefers habitats with larger diameter, tall trees with a large crown depth (defined as the length along the main axis from the tree tip to the base of the crown); these areas are typically associated with	with	ADP	greater	ADJ	 greater
Some sources say that Charles VIII of France had bankrolled 200,000 ducats (plus 100,000 ducats from the Doge of Genoa) for the election of Giuliano della Rovere, although several otherwise bribable cardinals were hostile to French interference. Other historians regard politics as a stronger factor within	within	ADP	the	DET	 the
Keith accuses software billionaire Jake Kane (Kyle Secor), Lilly's father, of being involved in the murder. This provokes Neptune's wrath, and Keith is ousted from office and replaced by Don Lamb (Michael Muhney) in a recall election. Veronica's	's	PART	mother	NOUN	 mother
Other facilities in NCHS include a gymnasium, an indoor sports hall, a central plaza, an open concept canteen, an eco garden and a 1.3 acres field. Nan Chiau High School's motto, Sincerity & Perseverance (诚 、 毅), is set after	after	ADP	the	DET	 the
After more than two years of inactivity, X Japan announced the remastered compilation album The World ~ X Japan Hatsu no Zensekai Best ~ for release on June 17, 2014. Prior to its physical release, a digital version titled X Japan World Best became available in	in	ADP	111	NUM	 111
As part of its support of the state highway system, the Michigan Department of Transportation (MDOT) tracks the traffic levels along the roads it maintains. These traffic counts are expressed in terms of average annual daily traffic (AADT), a calculation of the vehicles	vehicles	NOUN	using	VERB	 using
" Charlie Jane Anders of io9 was critical of the episode, remarking that " the whole ' soul magnets ' thing, which had seemed to be a throwaway comment a few episodes ago, is turning out to be sort of a weak plot device. And the	the	DET	whole	ADJ	 whole
At the Chuncheon sector, the PVA 42nd and the 66th Corps forced the ROK III Corps into full retreat. With the defenses at the 38th parallel completely collapsed by January 1, 1951, Ridgway ordered the evacuation of Seoul on January 3. By December 15,	,	PUNCT	1950	NUM	 1950
In the arterial system, bubbles (arterial gas embolism) are far more dangerous because they block circulation and cause infarction (tissue death, due to local loss of blood flow). In the brain, infarction results in stroke, and in the spinal cord it	it	PRON	may	AUX	 may
The first launch of the Arrow interceptor took place on August 9, 1990, designed to test the missile's control and guidance systems. The test came to a halt seconds after take off and the missile was intentionally destroyed due to fears it might go off track	track	NOUN	and	CCONJ	 and
This upgraded programme posed a threat to the Lince programme. Around the same time, the Spanish government expressed interest in acquiring American M60 Patton tanks that were being retired from Central Europe, in accordance with the Treaty on Conventional Armed Forces in Europe. In October and	and	CCONJ	November	PROPN	 November
Furthermore, he was dismissed for 99 in the first innings against the West Indies at Port of Spain in 1973 – 74 and scored 112 in the second, followed by a career best 261 not out against a West Indies Board President's XI. All of these	these	DET	teams	NOUN	 teams
The panel to the right shows villagers harvesting their ripened wheat. Two figures are seen bending over in the background, sickles in hand, while a third sharpens his scythe in the foreground. The artist's signature, Joanowits P, can be found in the bottom	bottom	ADJ	right	ADJ	 right
He was an innovator in using the financial, bureaucratic, and diplomatic resources of France. He could rapidly dictate a series of complex commands to his subordinates, keeping in mind where major units were expected to be at each future point, and like a chess master	master	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
Goosefeather's Curse will be released on 1 September 2015. Two more novellas are planned after that: one will feature Ravenpaw, while the other will feature Pinestar. Hollyleaf's Story was released on 3 March 2012. It details Hollyleaf's experiences beginning from when she	she	PRON	is	AUX	 is
Losses sustained by the ships were placed at A $5 million (A $12.7 million 2011 AUD; US $10 million 2011 USD). Though a powerful storm, only light to moderate rains fell along the cyclone's path with totals generally less than 100	100	NUM	mm	NOUN	 mm
Such radio exposure attracted the attention of American record labels and, by year's end, an international recording deal with Warner Bros. had been negotiated Higgins was the support act on a 2003 Australian tour by folk rock band The Waifs and rock band george. She travelled	travelled	VERB	to	ADP	 to
Gertie is the best preserved of McCay's films — some of which have been lost or survive only in fragments — and has been preserved in the US National Film Registry. Winsor McCay (c. 1867 – 71 – 1934) had worked prolifically as a commercial artist	artist	NOUN	and	CCONJ	 and
The song was produced by Mogwai and Paul Savage, who handled production and mixing duties on the bulk of the band's previous recordings. " Yes! I Am a Long Way from Home " is 5 minutes 58 seconds long, in the key of A major	major	ADJ	,	PUNCT	,
In 1892 Holst wrote the music for an operetta in the style of Gilbert and Sullivan, Lansdown Castle, or The Sorcerer of Tewkesbury. The piece was performed at Cheltenham Corn Exchange in February 1893; it was well received and its success encouraged him to persevere with	with	ADP	composing	NOUN	 composing
The three valleys differ greatly in terroir, with the easternmost Bear Creek valley being warmest and driest, and the westernmost Illinois River valley being coolest and wettest. Each river valley has a unique climate and grows different varieties of grapes. Overall, however, this region	region	NOUN	is	AUX	 is
Hong Mai (1123 – 1202) used ancient Han dynasty era vessels to debunk what he found to be fallacious descriptions of Han vessels in the Bogutu archaeological catalogue compiled during the latter half of Huizong's reign (1100 – 1125). Shen Kuo also made hypotheses	hypotheses	NOUN	in	ADP	 in
Sydney Parkinson's sketches and paintings of Cooks Bark Endeavour along with the 1771 Woolwich Yard Bark Endeavour spar measurements National Maritime Museum in Greenwich NMM ZAZ6594, and other contemporary sources suggest that the shorter mizzen mast was not stepped in the hold / keelson, but instead was	was	AUX	stepped	VERB	 stepped
He built another castle in York, on what is now Baile Hill on the west bank of the Ouse opposite the first castle, in an effort to improve his control over the city. This second castle was also a motte and bailey design, with the Baile	Baile	PROPN	Hill	PROPN	 Hill
The low pressure limits the atmosphere's effect on the surface, except for temporarily redistributing sulfur dioxide from frost rich to frost poor areas, and to expand the size of plume deposit rings when plume material re enters the thicker dayside atmosphere. The thin Ionian atmosphere also	also	ADV	means	VERB	 means
Mercury is a liquid, heavy, silvery white metal. It is the only common liquid metal at ordinary temperatures, and as compared to other metals, it is a poor conductor of heat, but a fair conductor of electricity. The table below is a summary	summary	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
" Tolliver finished the season having completed 216 of 410 passes, thrown for 2,574 yards, 16 touchdowns, and 16 interceptions, and posting a QB rating of 68.9. Although Tolliver had the confidence of Dan Henning, Chargers GM Bobby Beathard and owner Alex Spanos were	were	AUX	unsatisfied	ADJ	 unsatisfied
In the first quarter of 2008, Imperial posted a $15.5 million loss, which they said was primarily due to the explosion. Port Wentworth suffered an economic depression after the accident, with local businesses losing many customers. Imperial Sugar was purchased in 2012 by the	the	DET	Louis	PROPN	 Louis
An immediate precursor of Absurdism, he was acknowledged as a mentor by Eugène Ionesco, who developed on his principles for his early essays of literary and social criticism, as well as in tragic farces such as The Bald Soprano. Tzara's poetry influenced Samuel Beckett (	(	PUNCT	who	PRON	who
Her suddenly increasing angle caused what one survivor called a " giant wave " to wash along the ship from the forward end of the boat deck, sweeping many people into the sea. The parties who were trying to lower collapsible boats A and B, including Chief	Chief	PROPN	Officer	PROPN	 Officer
NH 47 runs from Salem to Kanniyakumari via Coimbatore, Palakkad, Thrissur, Ernakulam, Kochi, Alapuzha, Kollam, Thiruvananthapuram, and Nagercoil, connecting Kerala's political capital (Thiruvananthapuram) to its commercial capital (Kochi). Palakkad district is generally referred to as	as	ADP	the	DET	 the
The episode first aired on the UPN network on April 24, 1995. It was directed by Les Landau and written by former Star Trek: The Next Generation story editor Naren Shankar. Set in the 24th century, the series follows the adventures of the Starfleet and	and	CCONJ	Maquis	PROPN	 Maquis
Ricky Lee and Doug departed in June 1992 due to creative differences. According to Richard, Ricky Lee's tenure as lead vocalist was " a bad time " for the band given his opposition to Richard's opinions, although Richard was still surprised to hear of the	the	DET	brothers	NOUN	 brothers
The financial strain this caused led to him to work as a casual labourer in order to meet his mortgage repayments. By this time his drinking had become more of a problem, resulting in a struggle to maintain fitness. Milne featured in a further two Cup finals	finals	NOUN	for	ADP	 for
Nerve damage in her toe ruled Ebsary out of contention for the first match at Hurstville Oval, which the hosts won by eight wickets with more than 12 overs to spare. The next day, she was given her debut in the second match of the series,	,	PUNCT	at	ADP	 at
While the hill population comprised mainly ethnic Nepalis, the plains harboured a large ethnic Bengali population who were refugees from the Partition of India. A cautious and non receptive response by the West Bengal government to most demands of the ethnic Nepali population led to increased calls,	,	PUNCT	in	ADP	 in
For Tracy Draco, the producers wanted an established actress opposite neophyte Lazenby. Brigitte Bardot was invited, but after she signed to appear in Shalako opposite Sean Connery the deal fell through, and Diana Rigg — who had already been the popular heroine Emma Peel in The	The	DET	Avengers	PROPN	 Avengers
That is, one may generate an inverse hexagonal columnar phase (columns of water encapsulated by amphiphiles) or an inverse micellar phase (a bulk liquid crystal sample with spherical water cavities). A generic progression of phases, going from low to high amphiphile concentration,	,	PUNCT	is	AUX	 is
On 28 January 2008, the EBU held a special draw which determined that Ireland would be in the first semi final, held on 20 May 2008. Dana, one of the judges at Eurosong, spoke out against Dustin's entry, calling it a " mockery	mockery	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
A lot of thought has gone into this album and it's good because of it. " Author Peter Buckley attempted to evaluate Younger Than Yesterday's contemporary impact more than 30 years after the fact in his 1999 book, The Rough Guide to Rock: " The	The	DET	album	NOUN	 album
The State Departement under Secretary Hamilton Fish was run efficiently and virtually free from scandal for Grant's two terms in office. The Postal Service was cleaned up by reformer Post Master Marshall Jewell (1875), who aided Benjamin Bristow shut down the Whiskey Ring. The	The	DET	Department	PROPN	 Department
It is owned by Bill Gates and is displayed once a year in different cities around the world. Leonardo's notes appear to have been intended for publication because many of the sheets have a form and order that would facilitate this. In many cases a single topic	topic	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
" Roberto Suro of The Washington Post described Gulfton as a " tightly packed warren. " Some of the apartment complexes are over one block long. In the 1970s one of the apartment complexes contained seventeen swimming pools, seventeen hot tubs, seventeen laundry rooms, and	and	CCONJ	two	NUM	 two
Squads can be directly commanded to attack enemies. Crossbows can be made for ranged attacks and a range with targets can be constructed for training. Walls can be carved into fortifications and be used by ranged units during attacks. Kennels can be made to train war animals	animals	NOUN	like	ADP	 like
Having begun life as a Christian sect at the end of the 1st century AD, the Group grew into a far reaching network which, as the 3rd millennium approached, presented itself as a private investigative firm liaising with law enforcement organizations. Despite being fraught with internal	internal	ADJ	schisms	NOUN	 schisms
He then hit Hammond for consecutive on driven fours before Badcock fell at 6 / 194, having made only 9 of the 43 runs in their partnership. McCabe had struck 62 of the 83 runs added since he had come to the crease. With all the other	other	ADJ	specialist	ADJ	 specialist
Non U.S. pressings follow with " Harder Everyday ", and the United Kingdom edition adds " Sorry ". The U.S. Wal Mart edition of the album also included an access code to download a reduced quality version of " Sorry " on the internet. Critical reviews of	of	ADP	Autobiography	PROPN	 Autobiography
A replica of the original orangery (built in 1824) may also be viewed (the original wooden orangery, which burned down in 1926, was reconstructed on the original foundations in 1976). One surviving 34 foot (10.4 m) deep underground icehouse is visible	visible	ADJ	near	ADP	 near
In 2012, The Best 100 Albums of All Time book ranked Highway 61 Revisited as the greatest album of all time. The album was also included in Robert Dimery's 1001 Albums You Must Hear Before You Die. Most of the songs on Highway 61 Revisited have	have	AUX	remained	VERB	 remained
In early 1942, Rudel was granted home leave. During his vacation, he stayed with his parents in Alt Kohlfurt, present day Stary Węgliniec, and got married. He and his wife then took a skiing vacation in Tirol, Austria. From March to August	August	PROPN	1942	NUM	 1942
The main ribs are intersected by additional non supporting ribs known as " lierne ribs " and which in this case form a star shaped pattern at the apex of the vault. It is one of the earliest lierne vaults in England. There are five large windows,	,	PUNCT	which	PRON	 which
Enrique Lopetegui of the Los Angeles Times gave the album three out of four stars, saying that it contained " updated, well produced versions of classic romantic bolero and tango songs ". In Americas magazine, Mark Holston described Segundo Romance as a " superb encore that	that	PRON	features	VERB	 features
It is most often grown as a leaf vegetable, but sometimes for its stem and seeds. Lettuce was first cultivated by the ancient Egyptians who turned it from a weed, whose seeds were used to produce oil, into a food plant grown for its succulent leaves	leaves	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
Many organizations also have a program for members with special needs. This is usually known as Extension Scouting, but sometimes has other names, such as Scoutlink. The Scout Method has been adapted to specific programs such as Air Scouts, Sea Scouts, Rider Guides and	and	CCONJ	Scoutingbands	PROPN	 Scoutingbands
She wrote later: " We caught some of his thoughts, and he caught some of ours; and both of us were pleased to say this to each other. " The issue went to court in September 1883, when Eddy complained that her student Edward Arens	Arens	PROPN	had	AUX	 had
On April 29, the last day of the legislative session, the Senate bill was revived in the Hawaii House following a motion by Majority Leader Blake Oshiro. Speaker Calvin Say immediately ordered a recess and after the representatives returned four votes to suspend legislative rules postponing the	the	DET	issue	NOUN	 issue
In a 2010 Baseball Prospectus article, Steven Goldman wrote that the 1984 Tigers were " a great team that relied on a lot of fluke elements... The club had no regular first baseman, no regular third baseman, and the primary left fielder hit.239 /.302 /.342 against	against	ADP	right	ADJ	 right
When the Spanish resumed control of Florida in 1783 they built Fort San Nicolas beside the ferry landing in present day St. Nicholas. In 1793 the Spanish government issued a land grant for a slave plantation, which was eventually taken over by Isaac Hendricks. By 1850,	,	PUNCT	Hendricks	PROPN	 Hendricks
Baeri explained that they had faced technical challenges, due to high pixel content. The B Eyes added a total of 4,500 pixel and was varied through all possible configurations. The lighting effects varied along with the tone and the inflections of the song being performed. Clay	Clay	PROPN	Paky	PROPN	 Paky
Jon Pareles from The New York Times found the song to be a mixture of " affection and post apocalyptic gloom ", adding that " it begs for a dystopian romance video ". Michael Jose Gonzalez from Danish music magazine, Gaffa, praised Madonna's decision to	to	PART	give	VERB	 give
Oxford's coaches were A. J. M. Durand (who had rowed for the Dark Blues in the 1920 race), Hugh " Jumbo " Edwards (who rowed for Oxford in 1926 and 1930), R. D. Hill (who rowed in the 1940 wartime race)	)	PUNCT	and	CCONJ	 and
The show is held every January at the National Western Complex northeast of downtown. Denver has one of the country's largest populations of Mexican Americans and hosts four large Mexican American celebrations: Cinco de Mayo (with over 500,000 attendees), in May, El Grito	Grito	PROPN	de	PROPN	 de
Under the early regency, both the Pierlot and subsequent Achille Van Acker governments attempted to avoid confronting the issue of Leopold's return despite calls from Communists, some Socialists and trade unionists for the King's resignation in April and May 1945. Soon after the King's	's	PART	liberation	NOUN	 liberation
In an AP interview, he explained that during Prohibition, " the budget was balanced, prisons were emptied, mental institutions emptied and cirrhosis of the liver declined. " He concluded, " I'd rather have 100 Al Capones in every city than alcohol sold in	in	ADP	every	DET	 every
The dzong is part of the Drukpa Lineage of the Kagyu school of Tibetan Buddhism in Bhutan. It is the second oldest and most majestic dzong in Bhutan built at the orders of Ngawang Namgyal. It is a six storied structure with a central tower or utse at	at	ADP	an	DET	 an
Stephen Fry was one celebrity who joined the campaign for clemency. Reprieve also released hundreds of emails that Shaikh had sent in 2007 to embassy staff in Warsaw and to a group of 74 individuals and organisations including Tony Blair. Campaigners argued that Shaikh's delusions of pop	pop	NOUN	stardom	NOUN	 stardom
Among them was a cover to Batgirl # 41 by artist Rafael Albuquerque that took its inspiration from The Killing Joke. The cover depicts the Joker standing next to a tearful Batgirl, who has a red smile painted across her mouth. The Joker has one hand holding	holding	VERB	a	DET	 a
The new design, 900 feet (274.3 m) long at the waterline and known as Design X, was submitted to the Board on 10 August, although it was not approved. In October, concerns arose over the size of Design X in that it might	might	AUX	have	VERB	 have
During this brief war, one Pony Express mailing, which left San Francisco on July 21, 1860, did not immediately reach its destination. That mail pouch (mochila) did not reach St. Joseph and subsequently New York until almost two years later. In 1860	1860	NUM	,	PUNCT	,
Other incidents in Okinawa included the flag being torn down during school ceremonies and students refusing to honor the flag as it was being raised to the sounds of Kimigayo. In the capital city of Naha, Okinawa, the Hinomaru was raised for the first time since the	the	DET	return	NOUN	 return
The area is relatively well wooded, with both coniferous plantations and broadleaved woodland on the surrounding hills, and areas of alder woodland and pollarded willow along the valley floor. The river forms part of the River Tweed Site of Special Scientific Interest, designated in 2001 due	due	ADP	to	ADP	 to
It is in the northeast part of the Greater Manchester Urban Area, the UK's third largest conurbation, on undulating land rising from 300 feet (91 m) above sea level in the west to 450 feet (137 m) in the east. Chadderton Heights	Heights	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
However, a hole was punched in the bottom of Herbert's monocoque chassis during the session as a result of damage, leading to a night of repairs in order for him to be able to take the start in his designated race car. The work required to	to	PART	repair	VERB	 repair
that are as demanding and as artistically innovative. " Dugan responded to common criticisms of the game, including that the game was made in bad taste, by writing a rebuttal on his blog: I think everyone who disses the Columbine RPG is gutless. Most have	have	AUX	n't	PART	n't
Davies conceived the idea that the two characters might be connected midway through the production of the 2007 series. Barrowman states that when fans ask him if Jack is really the Face of Boe, he tells them he believes he is and states that he and Davies hold	hold	VERB	it	PRON	 it
Concerned that this placed his squadron in danger of becoming separated during the night, Warren ordered his faster ships to slow down and gradually lost sight of the French during the evening. Ganteaume took advantage of the respite to turn northwards in the darkness, and once again	again	ADV	returned	VERB	 returned
According to Barry Wiley during the board and spring balance experiment, Home refused for Crookes to sit near him and he was occupied by writing notes. Wiley suspected Home used resin on his finger tips to tamper with the apparatus which managed to fool Crookes into believing a	a	DET	psychic	ADJ	 psychic
Bradley Stern of MuuMuse likened the video's choreography and dancer's wardrobe to Janet Jackson's " Feedback " video. Jocelyn Vena of MTV gave the video a positive review, stating that it's a " sexy, fast paced clip " and that " there are	are	VERB	a	DET	 a
The principal reason given for the decision was the increasing loss of viewers to SMTV Live, which had a similar format and was more successful. Live and Kicking was replaced by The Saturday Show, fronted by Dani Behr and Joe Mace, which was shown all year	year	NOUN	round	ADV	 round
He was acknowledged by the geologist Edward William Binney as " the most profound thinker of his class ". The second of seven children, Richard Buxton was born on 15 January 1786 at Sedgley Hall Farm in the parish of Prestwich, near Manchester, Lancashire. His	His	PRON	parents	NOUN	 parents
Since the 1970s, Nimitz class carriers have participated in many conflicts and operations across the world, including Operation Eagle Claw in Iran, the Gulf War, and more recently in Iraq and Afghanistan. The angled flight decks of the carriers use a CATOBAR arrangement to operate	operate	VERB	aircraft	NOUN	 aircraft
Another club employee, George Castagnola, pleaded guilty to helping Hurwitz kill Moreau. The death by strangulation occurred in one of the theater's hallways after a John Lee Hooker concert. After the murder, Hurwitz moved to Vietnam, but in 1997 a federal grand jury	jury	NOUN	indicted	VERB	 indicted
Nearly the entire production of an episode is accomplished within one set of offices, which were originally at a complex in Westwood, Los Angeles, California, and are now part of South Park Studios in Culver City, California. Parker and Stone have been the show	show	NOUN	's	PART	's
The film was entirely financed by Channel 4 and cost over one million pounds to make according to Coates. It was first broadcast on the channel on New Year's Eve 1989 at 6.30pm. The musical score was written and composed by Howard Blake and is almost in	in	ADP	the	DET	 the
The first in the trilogy, Suspiria (1977), had turned the director into what Alan Jones called " a horror superstar ", but Inferno had proven a difficult follow up. Argento had become unwell while writing the film, and his ill health continued into	into	ADP	filming	VERB	 filming
Water from the spring flowed into the swimming pool, half of which was sectioned off and featured heated water piped in from a wood fired boiler. The bathhouse also had a two lane bowling alley. The pool continued to be a popular attraction throughout the life of	of	ADP	Monte	PROPN	 Monte
All this was to be gleaned from the writing of others who had seen these places themselves. The first two volumes appeared early in 1798 and covered most of India and Ceylon. Volumes three and four included the parts of India east of the Ganges, Malaysia,	,	PUNCT	Japan	PROPN	 Japan
Miller never captained Australia in a Test, as his attitude to the game tended to alarm the authorities. About Miller, Ashley Mallett wrote, " He loved tradition, but hated convention. His unstructured way of playing and living would be anathema to cricketers now...	...	PUNCT	He	PRON	 He
HCA offers over 90 programs for ages 3 – 93, creating a " united nations " of arts under one roof. The Hamilton Literacy Council is a non profit organization that provides basic (grades 1 – 5 equivalent) training in reading, writing, and math	math	NOUN	to	ADP	 to
As the surplus grew, Cleveland and the reformers called for a tariff for revenue only. His message to Congress in 1887 (quoted at right) highlighted the injustice of taking more money from the people than the government needed to pay its operating expenses. Republicans,	,	PUNCT	as	ADV	 as
Handlen concluded that the episode was " like watching someone's fan fiction getting brought to life ". He did, however, write that " there is something strangely fascinating about " the premise; in particular, he was pleased with the conclusion, calling it the	the	DET	moment	NOUN	 moment
At the time, French literary appetites for fantastic stories had been whetted by the 1829 translation of German writer E. T. A. Hoffmann's collection Fantastic Tales; the gothic fiction of England's Ann Radcliffe; and French author Jules Janin's 1829 novel L ' Âne Mort	Mort	PROPN	et	X	 et
Hummus bi tahini is also eaten primarily during this time the day. Ghada is a term for lunch, usually late in the afternoon. Lunch is the heaviest meal of the day and main ingredients could include rice, lamb, chicken, cooked vegetables and forms of	of	ADP	mahashi	PROPN	 mahashi
An additional part of the agreement required Burger King Corporation to provide administrative and advertising support as to insure a common marketing scheme for the company and its products. Trans Pacific Foods transferred its control of the Burger King franchises to Hungry Jack's Pty Ltd, which subsequently	subsequently	ADV	renamed	VERB	 renamed
Within hours of moving onshore, the system had substantially weakened, and by February 5, Geralda had degenerated into a land depression. After briefly emerging into the Mozambique Channel, Geralda crossed southern Madagascar, and it became extratropical on February 8. Geralda was the strongest	strongest	ADJ	of	ADP	 of
The precise value of a numeral was determined by its position; as a numeral shifted upwards, its basic value multiplied by twenty. In this way, the lowest symbol would represent units, the next symbol up would represent multiples of twenty, and the symbol above	above	ADP	that	PRON	 that
The Pokémon version of the video uses the censored lyrics, while the other one uses the album version of the song. The Pokémon version was included on the DVD of the film, while the other version was included on the bonus disc in The Day You Went	Went	VERB	Away	ADV	 Away
Coronations were once a direct visual expression of these alleged connections, but recent centuries have seen the lessening of such beliefs due to increasing secularization and democratization. Thus, coronations (or their religious elements, at least) have often been discarded altogether or altered to reflect	reflect	VERB	the	DET	 the
The bathroom scene where Tyler Durden bathes next to the narrator is an example of the overtones; the line, " I'm wondering if another woman is really the answer we need, " was meant to suggest personal responsibility rather than homosexuality. Another example is the	the	DET	scene	NOUN	 scene
Farah Khan and Boman Irani re created scenes and characters from KKHH for posters to promote their film, and also paid homage in one of the songs, " Ramba Mein Samba ". In 2010, Kuch Kuch Hota Hai was selected by Time as one of their	their	PRON	"	PUNCT	 "
In addition to supporting the inclusion of coverage for abortions in healthcare, Olver has consistently supported pro choice legislation in the House and has received favorable ratings from pro choice interest groups such as the NARAL Pro Choice America, which gave Olver a rating of 100. Olver	Olver	NOUN	supports	VERB	 supports
The greatest extent of Einsatzgruppen action occurred in 1941 and 1942 in Ukraine and Russia. Before the invasion there were five million registered Jews throughout the Soviet Union, with three million of those residing in the territories occupied by the Germans; by the time the war ended	ended	VERB	,	PUNCT	,
Without Ryan, Fontaine takes over control of Ryan's systems, and leaves Jack to die as he releases hostile security drones into Ryan's locked office. Jack is saved by Dr. Tenenbaum and the Little Sisters who had previously been rescued. Dr. Tenenbaum helps Jack to	to	PART	remove	VERB	 remove
One study indicates a possible connection between titanium and yellow nail syndrome. An unknown mechanism in plants may use titanium to stimulate the production of carbohydrates and encourage growth. This may explain why most plants contain about 1 part per million (ppm) of titanium, food	food	NOUN	plants	NOUN	 plants
These transfers were completed the following year. In 2004, however, the southern terminus was moved north three blocks to Adams Avenue. On August 27, 1863, the Detroit City Railway Company (DCRC) established streetcar service along Woodward from Jefferson to Adams avenues.	.	PUNCT	The	DET	 The
Despite the hype, some eventually withdrew from consideration due to the time commitment and low pay. Mara had worked with Fincher in his 2010 film The Social Network. Fincher, while fond of the actress ' youthful appearance, found it difficult at first to mold her	her	PRON	to	PART	 to
They do, however, also eat their prey from the ground, and they often find inconspicuous places to perch while waiting for prey, such as utility lines and the like. They have also been observed engaging in kleptoparasitism, working as a group to rob a	a	DET	restless	ADJ	 restless
However, though he was stopped at M. 42 of Movement 10, he continued to work on his revision, as borne out by the Copyist's score and parts. It is listed as BC D 2e. Essentially a re production of Version I with a few	few	ADJ	alterations	NOUN	 alterations
Following the invasion of the Republic of Korea (South Korea) by its northern neighbor, the Democratic People's Republic of Korea (North Korea), and the subsequent outbreak of the Korean War as a result, the United Nations decided to commit troops to the	the	DET	conflict	NOUN	 conflict
Running the entire length of the south range the Long Gallery is roofed with heavy gritstone slabs, the weight of which has caused the supporting floors below to bow and buckle. Architectural historians Peter de Figueiredo and Julian Treuherz describe it as " a gloriously long and crooked	crooked	ADJ	space	NOUN	 space
Hence, many Chetnik prisoners were handed British Army uniforms and given non combatant duties throughout Italy, such as guarding munitions and supplies. In August 1945, Jevđević became the commander of a camp for disarmed Chetniks in Cesena. He was eventually set free and Yugoslavia's	's	PART	requests	NOUN	 requests
Vinayak tends to repackage scenes from his earlier movies. Akula Siva pens strong punch lines to enthral Ram Charan fans ". Naayak grossed ₹ 112.5 million at the worldwide box office on its opening day, and ₹ 170.4 million (US $2.5 million) on its	its	PRON	second	ADJ	 second
" South Africa won the second Test match, their first Test win in England, although Verity took six wickets in the match. In the third game, Verity had bowling figures of two wickets for nine runs from 25 overs in the match and in the fourth	fourth	ADJ	,	PUNCT	,
He regarded Opabinia as so important to understanding this phenomenon that he wanted to call his book Homage to Opabinia. However, other discoveries and analyses soon followed, revealing similar looking animals such as Anomalocaris from the Burgess Shale and Kerygmachela from Sirius Passet. Another Burgess Shale	Shale	PROPN	animal	NOUN	 animal
Many analysts believe that economic progress for Malawi depends on its ability to control population growth. In January 2015 southern Malawi was devastated by the worst floods in living memory, stranding at least 20,000 people. These floods affected more than a million people across the country,	,	PUNCT	including	VERB	 including
Full speed ahead! " The fleet succeeded in entering the bay. Farragut then triumphed over the opposition of heavy batteries in Fort Morgan and Fort Gaines to defeat the squadron of Admiral Franklin Buchanan. Farragut was promoted to vice admiral on December 21, 1864, and	and	CCONJ	to	ADP	 to
" Murphy intended her storyline to highlight the fact that bullying can be damaging without necessarily being overt. He stated: " Th [e] episode is completely about accountability. If you can change any young impressionable minds and make them aware of the consequences of their	their	PRON	actions	NOUN	 actions
Long Island itself was also known as Nassau during early Dutch rule. Though many alumni of Princeton University think that the town of Princeton, New Jersey (and hence the university) were named in his honour, this is probably untrue. Nassau Hall, at the	the	DET	university	NOUN	 university
To which He replied: ' I have no desire to eat the flesh of this Paschal Lamb with you '. " (22.4) thereby making Jesus declare that he would not eat meat during the Passover. The immediate context suggests the possible attribution of the quotation	quotation	NOUN	to	ADP	 to
Her acting performances have been met with praise by critics and film producers. She was named a " scene stealer " in High School Musical 2 (2007) by Laura Fries of Variety. Jennifer Frey of The Washington Post says that Tisdale dominated the film despite not	not	PART	being	AUX	 being
Evil Dead II received general acclaim from critics and is often considered to be better than the original, and Army of Darkness received mostly positive reviews. The series has often attracted attention because each sequel featured more comedic qualities than the last, progressing into " weirder "	"	PUNCT	territory	NOUN	 territory
States most commonly mentioned as being potential superpowers, are China, India, the European Union, Russia and Brazil. Collectively, these potential superpowers, as well as the United States, comprise 68.0% of global nominal GDP, 62.4% of global GDP (PPP	PPP	PROPN	)	PUNCT	)
" Broken Hearted Girl " was subsequently released as the seventh overall single from I Am.. Sasha Fierce and the fifth outside the US. The ballad was made available in a two track digital download in Australia and New Zealand on August 28, 2009. A CD	CD	NOUN	single	NOUN	 single
In 1808 he procured a copy of the superior Meyrick's Herbal, from which he learned the first principles of the Linnaean system. Buxton soon outgrew this book, and began to borrow or buy as many books on botany as he could. Botanical practice at the	the	DET	time	NOUN	 time
He made his debut in Grays ' first game of the season away to Torquay United in the 0 – 0 draw, on 12 August. Cooksey was sent off in Grays ' 1 – 0 home defeat on 8 September, for a mistimed tackle on Michael Brough	Brough	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
Rachel Shelley as Elizabeth Russell Paul Blackthorne as Captain Andrew Russell. Since the script also demanded a British cast, Ashutosh and Aamir hired Danielle Roffe as one of the casting directors. After Danielle and Ashutosh screen tested many, Shelley and Blackthorne were chosen for the prime	prime	ADJ	roles	NOUN	 roles
However, by that time, Piccinino and his men had conquered all of southern Italy except Naples, Capua, Aversa, Gaeta, Troia, and Barletta, where Ferdinand was besieged. Skanderbeg had received much aid from Ferdinand's father, Alfonso, and was still	still	ADV	a	DET	 a
In the early 19th century, a US Indian agent explained the Seminoles this way: " The word Seminole means runaway or broken off. Hence... applicable to all the Indians in the Territory of Florida as all of them ran away... from the Creek... Nation	Nation	PROPN	"	PUNCT	 "
Shortly after takeoff from the airport at Veszprém Jutas on the afternoon of 12 April, the command plane, code E 101, crashed with the loss of 20 or 23 lives, including 19 paratroopers. This was the heaviest single loss suffered by the Hungarians during the	the	DET	Yugoslav	ADJ	 Yugoslav
The ships fire torpedoes, which are not affected by the gravitational pull of the star. The ships have a limited number of torpedoes and a limited supply of fuel, which is used when the player fires his thrusters. Torpedoes are fired one at a time,	,	PUNCT	and	CCONJ	 and
Boys anti tank rifles were useless against the German tanks, although Bren gun fire was effective against the German infantry. When its positions were flanked by tanks, the regiment retreated to Olympus Pass and was ordered to take up positions at Dheskati Pass as a rearguard.	.	PUNCT	The	DET	 The
The Division then proceeded to German South West Africa, making stops in Swakopmund and Lüderitzbucht, and South Africa, stopping in Saint Helena en route. On 15 February 1914, the Division reached Rio de Janeiro, which ceremonially greeted the visiting German warships. From Rio	Rio	PROPN	de	PROPN	 de
Gavin Hood has announced that multiple " secret endings " exist for the film and that the endings will differ from print to print of the film. One version shows Wolverine drinking in a Japanese bar. The bartender asked if he is drinking to forget, Logan replies	replies	VERB	that	SCONJ	 that
She calls the dog characters endearing and writes, " This title will be a hit at storytime or in a one on one setting ". Connie Fletcher of Booklist also gives the book a positive review, comparing the two eponymous characters to Pyramus and Thisbe, two	two	NUM	lovers	NOUN	 lovers
Twenty year old actress Jennifer Lawrence was chosen to play Katniss Everdeen. Though Lawrence was four years older than the character when filming began, Collins felt the role demanded " a certain maturity and power " and said she would rather the actress be older than younger.	.	PUNCT	She	PRON	 She
Gil has been married four times. His fourth wife is Flora Nair Giordano Gil Moreira. The couple has five children, four of whom are still living. The fifth child – Pedro Gil, Egotrip's drummer – died in a car accident in 1990. Preta	Preta	PROPN	Gil	PROPN	 Gil
In 1939, the newly elected Pope Pius XII appointed several prominent Jewish scholars to posts at the Vatican after they had been dismissed from Italian universities under Fascist leader Benito Mussolini's racial laws. In 1939, the Pope employed a Jewish cartographer, Roberto Almagia, to	to	PART	work	VERB	 work
However, conditions in Palestine were deteriorating. By the time the division arrived, instead of training, it was deployed on internal security. During the Second World War, the division comprised the 3rd Parachute Brigade and 5th Parachute Brigade, both consisting of parachute infantry,	,	PUNCT	and	CCONJ	 and
In Memphis, she was managed by Jim Cornette. During a mixed battle royal, Martel suffered an injury that removed her from wrestling temporarily. She then worked as both a wrestler and manager to the Heavenly Bodies Pat Rose and Tom Prichard). After recovering,	,	PUNCT	Larry	PROPN	 Larry
He had collected this specimen in 1921, from rocks that were assigned to the Lance Formation, now the Frenchman Formation. NMC 8509 included an almost complete skull, numerous vertebrae, partial shoulder and hip girdles, and partial hind limbs, representing the first substantial dinosaur	dinosaur	NOUN	specimen	NOUN	 specimen
", Colonial Pipeline Co. v. Traigle, 421 US 100. " This material alleged to be a quotation does not appear in the text of the case at all. Also, the words " wages " and " salaries " are not found anywhere in the text	text	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
His campaign was noted for his colourful methods to sway voters: posters of his face were placed on every pole in the district, and Labor supporters walked the streets advocating Dunstan. He targeted in particular the large Italian migrant population of the district, distributing translated copies	copies	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
Arthur Honegger proclaimed that Prokofiev would " remain for us the greatest figure of contemporary music, " and the American scholar Richard Taruskin has recognised Prokofiev's " gift, virtually unparalleled among 20th century composers, for writing distinctively original diatonic melodies. " Yet for some time	time	NOUN	Prokofiev	PROPN	 Prokofiev
Horse drawn traffic was partially banned from the tunnel during peak hours in July 1939 and completely banned in August 1947. Pedestrians have been banned from using the Blackwall Tunnels since May 1969, but pedestrians and cyclists may also use the foot tunnels at Greenwich (close to	to	ADP	Island	PROPN	 Island
For example, in The History of Henry Milner, Part I (1822) and The History of the Fairchild Family, Part I (1818) Sherwood adopts Arnaud Berquin's " habitual pattern of small domestic situations acted out by children under the eye of parents or	or	CCONJ	fellows	NOUN	 fellows
The redevelopment of the city was planned by Sir Patrick Abercrombie in his 1943 Plan for Plymouth whilst simultaneously working on the reconstruction plan for London. Between 1951 and 1957 over 1000 homes were completed every year mostly using innovative prefabricated systems of just three main types; by	by	ADP	1964	NUM	 1964
The war lasted from 1960 to 1996, and saw the US backed military commit genocide against the indigenous Maya peoples, and widespread human rights violations against civilians. Prior to the Spanish invasion in 1524, the population of Guatemala was almost exclusively Maya. The Spanish conquest	conquest	NOUN	created	VERB	 created
His figures collate the daily casualty tallies kept by each unit under Haig's command. Third Army casualties were 87,226; First Army 46,826 (including 11,004 Canadians at Vimy Ridge); and Fifth Army 24,608; totalling 158,660. German losses by contrast are more difficult to	to	PART	determine	VERB	 determine
Following the invasion of the Republic of Korea (South Korea) by its northern neighbor, the Democratic People's Republic of Korea (North Korea) and the subsequent outbreak of the Korean War on 25 June 1950, the United Nations decided to enter the conflict on	on	ADP	behalf	NOUN	 behalf
As they neared the entrance to the straits suspicious sails were sighted in the south west. Dance sent some of his ships to investigate, and it was soon discovered that this was Linois's squadron, consisting of the 74 gun Marengo, the two heavy frigates Sémillante	Sémillante	PROPN	and	CCONJ	 and
This can happen, for instance, if two lengths of dissimilar transmission lines are joined together. This article is about signal reflections on electrically conducting lines. Such lines are loosely referred to as copper lines, and indeed, in telecommunications are generally made from copper,	,	PUNCT	but	CCONJ	 but
It is bounded to the north and west by the Severn Estuary and the Bristol Channel, its coastline facing southeastern Wales. Its traditional border with Gloucestershire is the River Avon. Somerset's county town is Taunton. Somerset is a rural county of rolling hills such as	as	ADP	the	DET	 the
Surrey needed 244 to win but Fender's instruction to his batsmen to attempt to score faster had an adverse effect, and he later blamed himself for the defeat. Nevertheless, he was appointed permanent captain for the following season. Against Northamptonshire in one of the last	last	ADJ	games	NOUN	 games
They would be accompanied by Integrity, and by the elderly colonial schooner Francis which had been in service since 1792 and was described by King as " much damaged " but still seaworthy. Lieutenant Colonel Paterson and the principal colonists would travel aboard Buffalo but transfer to Integrity	Integrity	PROPN	if	SCONJ	 if
Both are controlled by the City of London Corporation. Hampstead Heath incorporates Kenwood House, the former stately home and a popular location in the summer months where classical musical concerts are held by the lake, attracting thousands of people every weekend to enjoy the music, scenery	scenery	NOUN	and	CCONJ	 and
IGN's Eric Goldman rated the episode 9 / 10, calling it " very satisfying ", and Gerrick Kennedy of the Los Angeles Times commended it as " fine television. " James Poniewozik of Time wrote: " I'm not sure I expected or wanted a	a	DET	feel	NOUN	 feel
The fear of national disintegration were played upon military leaders close to Suharto and remained as one of Indonesia's strongest justifications for refusing to entertain the prospect of East Timorese independence or even autonomy until the late 1990s. The military intelligence organisations initially sought a non military annexation	annexation	NOUN	strategy	NOUN	 strategy
1 Peter 5: 3. Phrases not in Vaticanus but in later manuscripts include Matthew 5: 44 – εὐλογεῖτε τοὺς καταρωμένους ὑμᾶς, καλῶς ποιεῖτε τοῖς μισοῦσιν ὑμᾶς (bless those who curse you, do good to those who hate you); Matthew 10: 37b	37b	NOUN	–	PUNCT	 –
Although production of the new vehicle finally began in 1942, it was not until August 1944 that the Verdeja 2 prototype was delivered. The decision to purchase a number of German armored vehicles delayed the decision to begin production of the Verdeja 2; ultimately the vehicle was	was	AUX	left	VERB	 left
Hatt ı hümayuns could be composed from scratch, rather than as a response to an existing document. After the Tanzimat reform (1856), aimed to modernize the Ottoman Empire, hatt ı hümayuns of the routine kind were supplanted by the practice of irâde i seniyye	seniyye	VERB	,	PUNCT	,
They also sought military training by Turkish officers. Hananu and some of his aides traveled to Mar ' ash to request support from the Anatolian insurgents and on 7 September, he signed a deal with them in which they recognized him as the representative of the Arab government	government	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
Having prevented another Korean War, STRIKE, together with Naja and Cash, attack an old Mongol era fortress in Siberia, where LeMonde has brought in mercenaries to fortify it as he prepares the launch of a " proto nuclear " missile designed to rupture the ozone layer	layer	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
As LeMond embraced his wife and rejoiced on the Champs Élysées, Fignon collapsed onto the tarmac, then sat in shock and wept. The final margin of victory of eight seconds was the closest in the Tour's history. LeMond's 54.545 km / h (33.893	33.893	NUM	mph	NOUN	 mph
In June 1777, General John Burgoyne began an attempt to gain control of this key area by moving south from the British province of Quebec. After his early success at Ticonderoga, his campaign become bogged down in logistical difficulties, not reaching Saratoga, New York until	until	ADP	mid	ADJ	 mid
Chalukyan temples were, almost always, built facing the east. The Sanctum (cella) is connected by a vestibule (ardha mantapa or ante chamber) to the closed mantapa (also called the navaranga), which is connected to the open mantapa. Occasionally there	there	PRON	can	AUX	 can
So the questions in the song came from me asking God what was so great about Him that my dad would rather be there. " " I Can Only Imagine " was re recorded for their major label debut record Almost There and released as its lead single in	in	ADP	2001	NUM	 2001
Doria killed three people and caused $138 million in damage (1971 USD) in the state. Tropical Storm Doria produced moderate winds in New York City with gusts to 48 mph (77 km / h). The storm tide reached 3.8 feet (1.2 m	m	NUM	)	PUNCT	)
" In the Toronto Star Raju Mudhar wrote that the " humour is classic Kids, with plenty of visual gags mixed with off colour, politically incorrect jokes " and that " the troupe's eye for satire remains sharp as ever ". John Doyle in the The	The	DET	Globe	PROPN	 Globe
Victor Amadeus, for his part, continued to protest for three years, and only in 1723 decided to recognize the exchange and desist from using the Sicilian royal title and its subsidiary titles (such as King of Cyprus and Jerusalem). The Tunisian Sicilian War occurred	occurred	VERB	between	ADP	 between
As of early 2012, the ENA and other INSDC member databases each contained complete genomes of 5,682 organisms and sequence data for almost 700,000. Moreover, the volume of data is increasing exponentially with a doubling time of approximately 10 months. The European Nucleotide Archive originated from	from	ADP	separate	ADJ	 separate
In 2005, about 93% of world potassium production was consumed by the fertilizer industry. The potassium cation is a nutrient necessary for human life and health. Potassium chloride and bicarbonate are used by those seeking to control hypertension. The USDA lists tomato paste, orange	orange	PROPN	juice	PROPN	 juice
This, it was hoped, would evade the Canadian customs posts and provide an American controlled route into the interior. 3,500 men and women attempted it from late 1897 onwards; delayed by the winter snows, fresh efforts were made in the spring. In practice,	,	PUNCT	the	DET	 the
A Brief History of the Jesuit Missions of Chiquitos (PDF). Springfield, IL: University of Illinois. ISSN 2156 5163. Groesbeck, Geoffrey A.P. (2012). Evanescence and Permanence: Toward an Accurate Understanding of the Legacy of the Jesuit Missions of Chiquitos	Chiquitos	PROPN	.	PUNCT	.
By November 2010, the game had sold 603,000 copies worldwide. The game received generally negative reviews at release, garnering scores of 50% and 49 / 100 by aggregate sites GameRankings and Metacritic respectively. Computer and Video Games said " Eorzea is a beautiful world with	with	ADP	huge	ADJ	 huge
Serpens Caput's boundaries, as set by Eugène Delporte in 1930, are defined by a 15 sided polygon, while Serpens Cauda's are defined by a 25 sided polygon. In the equatorial coordinate system, the right ascension coordinates of Serpens Caput's borders lie between	between	ADP	15h	NOUN	 15h
" He received top billing after the film, but while he acknowledged the importance of the role to his career, he always disputed that it changed the way heroes and leading men were portrayed; he cited Clark Gable's slapping of Barbara Stanwyck six months earlier (	(	PUNCT	in	ADP	in
Bungie's own Frank O'Connor confirmed that both Xbox and Xbox 360 users would have access to the content. The two new maps were remakes of maps from the original Halo: Combat Evolved, " Hang em ' High " and " Derelict ". Due to issues	issues	NOUN	with	ADP	 with
Trinity Grammar School in Prospect Road is a private school catering for students from PreK to Year 12. The schools's site has been in continuous use for education for 120 years. The headmaster's house at Trinity was erected circa 1877. The site operated as several	several	ADJ	different	ADJ	 different
He played for time, convincing his ally Castlereagh to come to Vienna for talks before a scheduled congress in Verona, although Castlereagh died by suicide on 12 August. With Castlereagh dead and relations with the British weakening, Metternich had lost a useful ally. The Congress	Congress	PROPN	of	ADP	 of
The 1992 primary was so close it forced a recount and prompted a lawsuit. When Ohio Secretary of State Bob Taft dismissed Miller's charges of voting irregularities in Highland, Hocking and Warren counties, Miller filed suit in the Ohio Supreme Court. Miller dropped his court	court	NOUN	challenge	NOUN	 challenge
A study in Tomales Bay in northern California determined that they depart when the water temperature drops below 10 – 12° C (50 – 54° F); one tagged shark was found to have swum some 140 km (87 mi) south. While a	a	DET	few	ADJ	 few
The planet orbits Kepler 9 every 19.243 days, and it lies some.14 AU from the star. To compare, planet Mercury's average distance from the Sun is.387 AU and takes 87.969 days to complete an orbit. Kepler 9b is the second closest planet to its star	star	NOUN	in	ADP	 in
Huxley wanted science to be secular, without religious interference, and his article in the April 1860 Westminster Review promoted scientific naturalism over natural theology, praising Darwin for " extending the domination of Science over regions of thought into which she has, as yet, hardly penetrated	penetrated	VERB	"	PUNCT	 "
Louis seized Vidin and imprisoned Ivan Stratsimir in May or June. Within three months, his troops occupied Ivan Stratsimir's realm, which was organized into a separate border province, or banate, under the command of Hungarian lords. The Byzantine Emperor, John V Palaiologos	Palaiologos	PROPN	visited	VERB	 visited
Windows Insider builds continued being released after the release to manufacturing (RTM) of Windows 10. Microsoft promoted that Windows 10 would become generally available (GA) on July 29, 2015. In comparison to previous Windows releases, which had a longer turnover between the	the	DET	release	NOUN	 release
Reitman said that he would have changed the movie with Martin and given Martin " his Lost in Translation. " Approximately 4,600 people applied to be extras in the film during the open call on January 24, 2009 and January 25, 2009, at Crestwood Court in	in	ADP	St.	PROPN	 St.
It occurs off southern Africa, typically offshore at a depth of 180 – 480 m (590 – 1,570 ft), and off southern Australia and New Zealand, from the intertidal zone to a depth of 156 m (512 ft). It is mostly bottom	bottom	ADJ	dwelling	NOUN	 dwelling
Later on in the season, Mitchell suffered a concussion himself, receiving a hit from opposing forward Evgeni Malkin, causing his head to hit the end boards, during a game against the Pittsburgh Penguins on January 16. He was sidelined for the remainder of the season	season	NOUN	with	ADP	 with
In response, Clinton remarked, " CBS paid for it, I paid for it. I don't like to go into it on the negative side, but it cost about 5 million [dollars], and a lot of people's jobs and what we	we	PRON	consider	VERB	 consider
A coup d'état drove Ivan Stefan out of the capital Tarnovo in 1331, and the conspirators placed Ivan Alexander on the throne. The new ruler set about consolidating his position by regaining territories recently lost to the Byzantine Empire. In 1331 Ivan Alexander campaigned around Adrianople and	and	CCONJ	reconquered	VERB	 reconquered
These speculations can not be proven without doubt but as a governor, Odaenathus would have been the highest authority in the province and above any legionary commander and provincial officials; this would make him the commander of the Roman forces in the province. Whatever the case may	may	AUX	be	AUX	 be
18 March 1894). He then married Lila Rupert on 1 June 1897. With Lila he had a further six children: William Wood Kane (b. 7 May 1898), Blanche Rupert Kane (b. 9 August 1899), Bernard Evan Kane (b. 18	18	NUM	February	PROPN	 February
The G was truncated to Court Square full time. Construction headways on eleven routes were lengthened, and off peak service on seven routes were lengthened. Several subway lines have reached their operational limits in terms of train frequency and passengers, according to data released by the	the	DET	Transit	PROPN	 Transit
Around this time, numerous anonymous bronze coins with simply Βασιλεύς (Basileus, " King ") on the obverse were minted by either King Ezana or one of his successors. The coins bore the first example of an Aksumite motto on the reverse, " May this	this	PRON	please	INTJ	 please
When he restructured the UGG's capital, Brownlee included a rider that non farmers who held shares at the time the new structure came into effect could hold voting shares. This clause allowed him to do so, and in consequence to be elected to the company's	's	PART	board	NOUN	 board
The staff were forever grateful to the Eisenhowers for including them in the festivities. From its completion in 1955 to the end of Eisenhower's second term on January 20, 1961, the President spent 365 days total on the Gettysburg farm. The longest of these stays	stays	NOUN	was	AUX	 was
The use of the phrase " running to stand still " dates to at least to the 1920s and 1930s. It comes from the image presented in Lewis Carroll's 1871 children's novel Through the Looking Glass. Since the album and song's release, use of	of	ADP	the	DET	 the
A station in Martinique reported hurricane force winds, and about 20,000 people on the island lost power. After entering the eastern Caribbean Sea, Debby attained peak winds of 70 mph (110 km / h), although continued wind shear caused the storm to dissipate on	on	ADP	September	PROPN	 September
Newer technologies are being explored that use a variety of heat sources and heat delivery systems. Wall conduction in situ technologies use heating elements or heating pipes placed within the oil shale formation. The Shell in situ conversion process (Shell ICP) uses electrical heating elements for	for	ADP	heating	VERB	 heating
A 90 minute version of the show also aired on BBC Choice and was entitled L & K Replay. In May 2000, two months before Steve & Emma were officially resigned from Live & Kicking, the show was brought back for a one off special during the	the	DET	summer	NOUN	 summer
" In 2013, DC President Diane Nelson says that a Sandman film will be as rich as the Harry Potter universe. David S. Goyer announced in an interview in early December that he will be producing an adaptation of the graphic novel, alongside Joseph Gordon Levitt and	and	CCONJ	Neil	PROPN	 Neil
Whether the performance is given by vocalists or instrumentalists, the performers may be soloists or part of a small or large group, in turn entertaining an audience that might be individual (10), passing by (3), small (1, 2) or	or	CCONJ	large	ADJ	 large
The eleventh Su 27 M (T10 M 11) was built by KnAAPO and delivered in 1995 for the installation of exclusive systems to give it thrust vectoring capabilities. The resultant Su 37 technology demonstrator made its first flight in April 1996. A second Su 35 was	was	AUX	modified	VERB	 modified
Surely if I didn't exist, there would be someone to fill my place. " Beginning in April 2014 and spanning into August, Kjellberg, along with his girlfriend Marzia Bisognin, began a marketing campaign for the Legendary Pictures film As Above, So Below.	.	PUNCT	Kjellberg	PROPN	 Kjellberg
In 1946, she married Lewis Rosensteil, the multimillionaire founder of the Schenley liquor distillery, and they had a daughter named Elizabeth; that marriage, too, ended in divorce. She and Walter Annenberg, then editor of The Philadelphia Inquirer, met in 1950 at	at	ADP	a	DET	 a
Clements was one of several people who have been referred to as the " father of Kentucky's state parks ". Although the park system was started in 1926 by Willard Rouse Jillson, Clements did much to develop them during his administration. Clements authorized significant road building	building	NOUN	projects	NOUN	 projects
In 2007, Microsoft collaborated with amusement park Six Flags Mexico to promote the Xbox 360 as well as Viva Piñata. To accomplish this, a 48 feet (15 m) tall, 52 feet (16 m) long piñata, specifically a Horstachio, was constructed	constructed	VERB	at	ADP	 at
The ship's complement was 137 officers and men in peacetime, but it increased to 146 in wartime. The ship mounted four 45 calibre 4.7 inch (120 mm) Mark IX guns in single mounts. For anti aircraft defence Gallant had two quadruple Mark I mounts	mounts	VERB	for	ADP	 for
According to the report, both sections of the stream are poor sites for angling. The upper reaches of the watershed of Scotch Run, upstream of Mifflin Cross Roads, are predominantly forested land. However, there are some residential areas near the headwaters of the stream	stream	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
It is often windy with a marked variation between hot summers and cold, humid winters. The city is in one of the warmest and driest parts of Slovakia. Recently, the transitions from winter to summer and summer to winter have been rapid, with short autumn	autumn	NOUN	and	CCONJ	 and
The storm halted the operation of mines and rendered 72 highways temporarily unusable. Crops suffered extensively; 64,000 ha (160,000 acres) of fields were damaged, reducing grain production by as much as 3,200 tons. In addition, 400 head of livestock were lost to the	the	DET	typhoon	NOUN	 typhoon
" In The Shadows in the Cave, Curtis emphasises that he does not discount the possibility of any terrorist activity taking place, but that the threat of terrorism had been greatly exaggerated. He responded to accusations of creating a conspiracy theory by saying he believes the alleged	alleged	VERB	use	NOUN	 use
L.A. Noire debuted in Japan for the week of 4 – 10 July and sold a combined 71,057 units on PlayStation 3 and Xbox 360. The PlayStation 3 version topped the chart, with 58,436 units sold, and the Xbox 360 version moved 12,621 units. On 22	22	NUM	May	PROPN	 May
No. 76 Squadron's Sabres, armed with Sidewinder missiles, were to defend against possible attack by Indonesian forces following the recent establishment of the Federation of Malaysia. This was the first time since World War II that an RAAF flying squadron was positioned " in harm	harm	NOUN	's	PART	's
In terms of rushing offense, the two teams differed wildly. Virginia Tech, led by Vick, ran for 278 rushing yards. Florida State, meanwhile, ran for just 30 yards. The Seminoles were led on the ground by Chaney, who carried the ball	ball	NOUN	four	NUM	 four
" By April 2008, Zinta had completed shooting for Jahnu Barua's drama Har Pal. In the same year she played the leading role of Chand in Deepa Mehta's Canadian film Heaven on Earth, a Punjabi language mystical drama based on the true story of a	a	DET	young	ADJ	 young
The courier and a relative (who was either a brother or a cousin) were killed in the May 2, 2011, raid. Afterward, some locals identified the men as Pashtuns named Arshad and Tareq Khan. Arshad Khan was carrying an old, noncomputerized Pakistani	Pakistani	ADJ	identification	NOUN	 identification
In addition to serving these communities, Chester station is commonly used to access local street festivals such as the Taste of the Danforth. Although the station is rated as high priority in the requirement for a second exit, Chester is the only one left on the east	east	ADJ	end	NOUN	 end
The coup took place on 17 December 1926 and was largely organized by the military; Smetona's role remains the subject of debate. The coup brought the Lithuanian Nationalist Union, the most conservative party at the time, to power. Before 1926, it had been	been	AUX	a	DET	 a
Wavell assisted in equipping the force. The unit, initially known as the No.1 Long Range Patrol Unit (LRP), was founded on 3 July 1940. Bagnold wanted men who were energetic, innovative, self reliant, physically and mentally tough, and able to	to	PART	live	VERB	 live
Two main charges were brought to the House of Commons against Marlborough: first, an assertion that over nine years he had illegally received more than £63,000 from the bread and transport contractors in the Netherlands; second, that he had taken 2.5% from the pay	pay	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
In addition, the Umayyad authorities were preoccupied by the rebellion of al Harith ibn Surayj, which broke out in early 734, spread quickly and gathered the support of a large portion of the indigenous Iranian population. At one point, the rebel army even threatened the	the	DET	provincial	ADJ	 provincial
Believing the Joker allowed himself to be captured, Batman accompanies him into the asylum. The Joker's plan is revealed as Harley Quinn takes control of the security and the Joker escapes into the facility, aided by a corrupt guard who kidnaps Commissioner Gordon. The Joker	Joker	PROPN	threatens	VERB	 threatens
On both occasions, however, the subsequent referendum of all students reversed that decision and Bristol remains affiliated to the NUS. In 2002, the university was involved in argument over press intrusion after details of the son of then prime minister, Tony Blair's, application	application	NOUN	to	ADP	 to
The final issue featured a stand alone story titled " A Letter from Snake Eyes. " Narrating from his perspective, Snake Eyes tells his story through recollections of his many comrades in arms who have died over the years. Shortly after the final issue, G.I. Joe	Joe	PROPN	Special	PROPN	 Special
The match duration was twelve minutes and twenty nine seconds. Angle was forced to sit out of the match for five minutes, giving The Unlikely Alliance the three on two advantage. Joe won the encounter after he forced Tomko to submit with his signature Coquina Clutch submission	submission	NOUN	maneuver	NOUN	 maneuver
A short intermission ensued while the stage was cleared and a Dutch TV film was shown, displaying footage of the atrocities and natural tragedies taking place in former East Pakistan. To thunderous applause from the New York crowd, Harrison appeared on stage along with his temporary band	band	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
In 2007, the UK Film Council declared Pride and Prejudice one of the television dramas that have become " virtual brochures " for British history and society. Lyme Hall, Cheshire, which had served as the exterior of Pemberley, experienced a tripling in its visitor numbers	numbers	NOUN	after	ADP	 after
According to The Observer, the home console versions were popular and encouraged users to learn programming; many who later became industry leaders. 1UP.com stated that Space Invaders showed that video games could compete against the major entertainment media at the time: movies, music, and	and	CCONJ	television	NOUN	 television
He pleaded no contest on November 25 and received a year's probation, a $1,000 fine, and an order to carry out eighty hours of community service. Austin filed for divorce from Marshall on July 22, 2002, and the divorce was finalized on February	February	PROPN	5	NUM	 5
At 1000 UTC on August 23, the hurricane made landfall along the northern Outer Banks of North Carolina, near Nags Head, with a pressure of 963 mbar (28.4 inHg). Based on the steady weakening, coastal observations, and a larger than normal size	size	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
Traffic was diverted onto the original route alignment after the West Davisville Road interchange, passing over the Amtrak rail tracks via the existing Devil's Foot Road overpass bridge. Construction of the $100 million Phase 2 of the Quonset Freeway began in 2004 and continued until 2008	2008	NUM	.	PUNCT	.
The film was directed by Jon Favreau, with a screenplay by Mark Fergus & Hawk Ostby and Art Marcum & Matt Holloway. It stars Robert Downey Jr., Terrence Howard, Jeff Bridges, Shaun Toub and Gwyneth Paltrow. In Iron Man, Tony Stark, an	an	DET	industrialist	NOUN	 industrialist
His law partners in New Orleans took care of his firm's affairs there. About this time Benjamin sold his interest in Bellechasse, lacking the time to deal with plantation business. Benjamin's view that slavery should continue was based in his belief that citizens had a	a	DET	right	NOUN	 right
In a context in which people are understood to be rational beings, reason is developed out of these notions. Chrysippus insisted on the organic unity of the universe, as well as the correlation and mutual interdependence of all of its parts. He said, " the	the	DET	universe	NOUN	 universe
Final separation occurred in 1935, and in 1959 they adopted the Ancient and Accepted Scottish Rite, embracing regular masonry as Grande Loge féminine de France. Only one lodge, Cosmos, holds to the adoptive rite. Concordant rites exist with the blessing and often the active	active	ADJ	support	NOUN	 support
As the team knew that Wipeout Pure would have to be shipped out in time for the PlayStation Portable's release, the decision was made to create create new plugins for their software, Autodesk Maya, in order to save time during development. After creating custom plugins	plugins	NOUN	for	ADP	 for
The player can access up to eight weapons during a mission. Pressing the attack button repeatedly while in combat with enemy units triggers combos, and pressing another button mid combo will trigger a special attack which will temporarily incapacitate enemy units in the immediate area. The player	player	NOUN	can	AUX	 can
The homepage featured a Web banner with the site's name and a pixel counter displaying the number of pixels sold, a navigation bar containing nine small links to the site's internal web pages, and an empty square grid of 1,000,000 pixels divided into 10,000 100 pixel	pixel	ADJ	blocks	NOUN	 blocks
The town of Taunton, in Somerset, was considered to be of strategic importance because it controlled the main road from Bristol to Devon and Cornwall. Robert Blake commanded the town's Parliamentarian defences during all three sieges, from September 1644 to July 1645. The first	first	ADJ	siege	NOUN	 siege
In KJRM service, 78 T was renamed T3. In April 1941, Yugoslavia entered World War II when it was invaded by the German led Axis powers. At the time of the invasion, T3 was assigned to the Southern Sector of the KJRM's Coastal Defence	Defence	PROPN	Command	PROPN	 Command
The Doctor and Rose say their goodbyes and disappear in the TARDIS, and the astounded Dickens walks away through the streets of Cardiff, greeting everyone he passes and quoting A Christmas Carol: " God bless us, everyone! " When looking into Rose's mind,	,	PUNCT	Gwyneth	PROPN	 Gwyneth
Upon making landfall on Louisiana, the storm produced a moderate storm surge, causing tidal flooding. In a city in the northeastern portion of the state, the surge breached a levee, which flooded many homes in the town. Moderate winds combined with wet soil knocked	knocked	VERB	down	ADP	 down
Prior to the contest, its best result was third place which was achieved twice: in 2001 with the song " Die for You " performed by the duo Antique and in 2004 with " Shake It " performed by Sakis Rouvas. Greece's least successful result was	was	AUX	in	ADP	 in
Because of the concentration of these industries in the north of England, in Scotland and in Wales, the numbers of persons out of work in these regions were significantly higher, sometimes more than double the percentage, than in the south throughout the interwar period. The	The	DET	decline	NOUN	 decline
Milly Hines – the teenage mother of Joe Christmas. She conceives after a tryst with a member of a traveling circus, whom she claims is Mexican. She dies in childbirth after Eupheus Hines refuses to call a doctor for her. Mr. McEachern – the adoptive father	father	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
Gilbert was born at 17 Southampton Street, Strand, London. His father, also named William, was briefly a naval surgeon, who later became a writer of novels and short stories, some of which were illustrated by his son. Gilbert's mother was the	the	DET	former	ADJ	 former
" Amy Reiter of the Los Angeles Times noted, " Every character in that family rings emotionally true. " Entertainment Weekly's Tim Stack was pleased with the performances of Mike O' Malley as Burt and Romy Rosemont as Carole; he also welcomed the episode's	's	PART	increased	VERB	 increased
The Australian National Lines (ANL) constructed two 74,700 ton coal burner ships called the River Boyne and River Embely. along with two constructed by TNT called TNT Capricornia and TNT Capentaria and renamed Fitzroy River and Endeavor River. These ships were financially effective for the duration	duration	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
McCoy is a member of the Church of Christ, and attended Westover Hills Church of Christ in Austin, Texas. When living in Buffalo Gap, Colt attended and was very involved with the Oldham Lane Church of Christ. McCoy has participated in a church youth group	group	NOUN	since	SCONJ	 since
The Padres played host to the Atlanta Braves on April 20, 1978, and with two out in the top of the fourth inning, Atlanta's Jeff Burroughs hit a ground ball up the middle. Smith described the play by saying, " He hit a ball	ball	NOUN	back	ADV	 back
During this time, Johnson witnessed Christopher Smart's decline into " penury and the madhouse ", and feared that he might share the same fate. Hester Thrale Piozzi claimed, in a discussion on Smart's mental state, that Johnson was her " friend who feared	feared	VERB	an	DET	 an
While the Rooms were not open to the general public, they could be accessed by appointment, with access being restricted to small groups. Even so, by the 1970s (with responsibility for the Rooms having passed to the Department for the Environment in 1975) tens	tens	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
It cleverly walks just this side of parody, getting away with lines like, ' I wished I could personally flout him and his busy searchers, and make him look the fool he was. ' " In a similar vein, Kirkus Reviews praised the first novel	novel	NOUN	as	ADP	 as
Acknowledging the problem, the IAU set about creating the definition of planet, and produced one in August 2006. The number of planets dropped to the eight significantly larger bodies that had cleared their orbit (Mercury, Venus, Earth, Mars, Jupiter, Saturn,	,	PUNCT	Uranus	PROPN	 Uranus
" Scholars regard the badnjak customs as practises inherited from the old Slavic religion. In the pre Christian religion of the Serbs, as shown by Serbian scholar Veselin Čajkanović, there were trees seen as dwelling places of spirits or divinities. Čajkanović argues that there were also	also	ADV	trees	NOUN	 trees
The creation of nuclear weapons arose from scientific and political developments of the 1930s. The decade saw many new discoveries about the nature of atoms, including the existence of nuclear fission. The concurrent rise of fascist governments in Europe led to a fear of a German nuclear	nuclear	ADJ	weapon	NOUN	 weapon
Within a few years the market was entirely publicly owned, and the council took responsibility for the upkeep of the market. The city also bought out and closed many of the 30 or more inns in the area, transferring their licences to the growing suburbs. Meanwhile	Meanwhile	ADV	,	PUNCT	,
The band was also despectively qualified as " cebolleros " (drama queens). The internal relationship of the band was deteriorated, which concluded with the departure of Ortiz from Los Ángeles Negros, following an argument with De la Fuente in early 1973. De la Fuente	Fuente	PROPN	lost	VERB	 lost
After being injured as a passenger in two serious automobile accidents, one in the United States in 1952 and one in India in 1956, his ability to walk became severely limited. In 1962, he invited his Western followers to India for a mass darshan called "	"	PUNCT	The	DET	 The
What reticence, what loserism had afflicted them? " Steinem later recalled that the 1972 Convention was the only time Greer and Steinem ever met. The cover of Harper's that month read, " Womanlike, they did not want to get tough with their man,	,	PUNCT	and	CCONJ	 and
Allen's relationship with Mandarić became tense and after only four games Allen left by mutual consent on 29 August 2007. On 13 September 2007, Mandarić announced Gary Megson as the new manager of the club, citing Megson's " wealth of experience " as a deciding	deciding	VERB	factor	NOUN	 factor
In summary, the main competencies of the Tagora were its spacious cabin (though it was not class leading), its comfortable seating, its fuel economy (in 2.2 GLS form) and the size of its luggage compartment (572 litres). But the fact	fact	NOUN	that	SCONJ	 that
" Previously, one of her new costumes for Dimensions also severely upset some fans when the game was announced in 2010. Despite a warning from Team Ninja that no more DOA games would be released for the PC if the modding community released DOA5 mods that are not	not	PART	designed	VERB	 designed
He was returned as the Member of Parliament (MP) for Hindon the same year, serving repeatedly as Attorney General under William Pitt the Younger. He effectively sacrificed his political career in 1784 to challenge the ballot of Charles James Fox, and was rewarded with a	a	DET	baronetcy	NOUN	 baronetcy
The dorsal banding pattern fades with age, so older individuals are an almost uniform olive brown, grayish brown or black. The belly is white, yellowish white or tan, marked with dark spots, and becomes darker posteriorly. The amount of dark pigment on the	the	DET	belly	NOUN	 belly
At her hotel, Cayce is intercepted and drugged by Dorotea and wakes up in a mysterious prison facility. Cayce escapes; exhausted, disoriented and lost, she nearly collapses as Parkaboy, who upon Cayce's request was flown to Moscow, retrieves her and brings her	her	PRON	to	ADP	 to
In October, Ostfriesland was equipped with a pair of 8.8 cm flak guns for anti air defense. Ostfriesland was present during the first sortie by the German fleet into the North Sea, which took place on 2 – 3 November 1914. No British forces were encountered	encountered	VERB	during	ADP	 during
Casey took over the task of preparing a voluminous report on flood control. The Corps of Engineers was criticized by the Pittsburgh Flood Control Commission for over engineering, in planning for a " flood that had never happened and never would happen ", and the report was	was	AUX	shelved	VERB	 shelved
The SOE agents selected a landing zone for the sappers, which was approximately 5 kilometres (3.1 mi) from the Norsk Hydro plant and could not be observed by German patrols. The plan for the operation called for the sappers to land in the two gliders at	at	ADP	the	DET	 the
In 1919 he continued his studies at several pesantren outside the city, including ones in rural Gresik and in nearby Bungah. Fakih's father helped him become a trader, although Fakih continued to study independently. When the modernist Islamic organisation Muhammadiyah opened a branch in Gresik	Gresik	PROPN	in	ADP	 in
Kemp co sponsored a legislative attempt at enterprise zones in 1980. One of Kemp's more trying times as a congressman came in 1982 when Reagan decided to reverse the tax cuts and promote tax increases. The reversal was controversial and stimulated opposition by Kemp. Nonetheless,	,	PUNCT	the	DET	 the
The depression slowly intensified as it tracked north northwestward into the northwestern Caribbean Sea. Shortly before entering the Yucatan Channel, the depression had strengthened enough to be upgraded to Tropical Storm Jeanne on November 9. Further intensification was still gradual in the Gulf of Mexico, though	though	SCONJ	the	DET	 the
Marble statues of Sappho and Sophocles were bequeathed by Frida Mond in 1923, a friend of Israel Gollancz, Professor of English Language and Literature at King's. They were placed in the foyer (old entrance hall) of the King's Building, where they have	have	AUX	remained	VERB	 remained
In addition to saving time, this also made New Jersey cheaper to reactivate since the cost needed to modernize the battleship only included the addition of missile and gun system mounts, electronic warfare suites, and improved radar and gun spotter technology. Since the Tomahawk missile system	system	NOUN	had	AUX	 had
The Bull Dog Club was an honor society created in 1910 originally as a social branch of Tech's Koseme Society. The Bull Dogs first major role was facilitating the first cross country races that eventually evolved into the Freshman Cake Race. The Bull Dogs only admitted rising	rising	VERB	juniors	NOUN	 juniors
At the Homestead Air Force Base, re opened two years later as Homestead Air Reserve Base, most of the 2,000 buildings on the base became " severely damaged or unusable ". The Cutler Ridge Mall suffered severe wind and water damage; after the storm, significant	significant	ADJ	looting	NOUN	 looting
The television film Total Recall 2070 was initially planned as a spin off of the film Total Recall, and would eventually be transformed into a hybrid of Total Recall and Blade Runner. The Total Recall film was also based on a Philip K. Dick story, " We	We	PRON	Can	AUX	 Can
In early September, Huntsman began shifting campaign resources from Florida to New Hampshire; by moving staffers, Huntsman had the largest operational staff there at the time. The development came as the campaign reorganized New Hampshire operations, firing its campaign manager in charge of the state	state	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
In Fairy Tales and the Art of Subversion Jack Zipes notes that Perrault " sought to portray ideal types to reinforce the standards of the civilizing process set by upper class French society ". A composite portrait of Perrault's heroines, for example, reveals the author's	's	PART	idealized	VERB	 idealized
Carr and Tyler continued: " but these have little to do with Harrison and it is the [Indian] musicians ' own excellence which salvages the general disorganisation of the LP. " In the 1980s, Harrison was dismissive of the Western music on the album,	,	PUNCT	calling	VERB	 calling
His reaction to the new and rearranged characters ' themes were more mixed, with him praising " Snow's Theme " while calling " Fang's Theme " a " very odd and jarring failure ". The final disc also received high praise, with Huynn saying that	that	SCONJ	it	PRON	 it
Mingus had played with Ellington before, deputising for the regular bassist in the leader's orchestra in 1953, but was fired after four days, following a fight with another musician, Juan Tizol. At the time of the 1962 recording, Ellington was 63 years old	old	ADJ	,	PUNCT	,
Initially there was confusion as to what would happen next. Keith Brown, the race starter, was interviewed briefly by the BBC and alluded to the possibility that the nine jockeys who noticed and obeyed his recall could be eligible to take part in a re run.	.	PUNCT	Several	ADJ	 Several
Ceará arrived in Paraguay in mid 1868 and provided fire support for the army for the rest of the war. The ship was assigned to the Mato Grosso Flotilla after the war. Ceará was scrapped in 1884. The Pará class monitors were designed to meet the need	need	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
Historically, this species was thought to be very closely related to the house sparrow, but its closest evolutionary affinities may lie elsewhere. Discovered around 1840, this species went undetected for several decades after its discovery. Within its Indus valley breeding range in Pakistan and western	western	ADJ	India	PROPN	 India
On 6 April, both Greece and Yugoslavia were to be attacked. Britain was obliged to assist Greece by the Declaration of 1939, which stated that in the event of a threat to Greek or Romanian independence, " His Majesty's Government would feel themselves bound at	at	ADP	once	ADV	 once
She then visited Balcic in Romania and Varna in Bulgaria, before returning via Istanbul and the Greek island of Corfu in the Ionian Sea, arriving back at the Bay of Kotor on 8 October. On 6 October 1934, King Alexander left the Bay of Kotor on	on	ADP	board	NOUN	 board
From 1944, Guest was Leader of the House until he retired from political office in 1948. He retained his wartime role as Air Minister and Rhodesia capitalised on her experience to form her own highly efficient Air Force. He also tackled the problem of young airmen returning	returning	VERB	to	ADP	 to
Industrial activities ceased at the dock with the closure of the power stations. The Port of Bristol Authority finally closed the dock in 1992. Much of the growth of Portishead's population can be attributed to the development of the former docks into a vibrant community. The	The	DET	former	ADJ	 former
Overexpression of systemin and HypSys has been found to improve plants ' tolerance to abiotic stress, including salt stress and UV radiation. When prosystemin was over expressed in tomato, transgenic plants had lower stomatal conductance than normal plants. When grown in salt solutions, transgenic plants	plants	NOUN	had	VERB	 had
During the 2008 season, political discussions were common in the Maryland locker room because of the presidential election. Turner and fellow quarterback Jordan Steffy, a conservative and supporter of presidential candidate Senator John McCain, were the most frequent debaters, while defensive tackle Dean Muhtadi was	was	AUX	described	VERB	 described
He also revealed that the recurring character of Daniels wasn't entirely human, and that this would be revealed during the second season while at a panel discussion at the Official Star Trek Convention in Las Vegas in August 2002. Berman, said that the revelation of who	who	PRON	was	AUX	 was
During the tour, Mustaine and Ellefson considered firing Samuelson for his drug abuse. According to Mustaine, Samuelson had become too much to handle when intoxicated. Drummer Chuck Behler traveled with Megadeth for the last dates of the tour as the other band members feared Samuelson would	would	AUX	not	PART	 not
The only major deviation was to allow construction of the CWS Irlam soap works and the adjacent Partington Steel & Iron Co. works at Partington (both of which had their own private railways and locomotives), with the MSC Railway's deviation route pushed south to run alongside	alongside	ADP	the	DET	 the
N ' Djamena, the capital, is the largest city. Chad is home to over 200 different ethnic and linguistic groups. Arabic and French are the official languages. Islam and Christianity are the most widely practiced religions. Beginning in the 7th millennium BC, human	human	ADJ	populations	NOUN	 populations
The committee accepted the proposal, calling it the " Type IV " (of five designs), and awarded a development and production contract to de Havilland under the designation Type 106 in February 1945. The type and design were to be so advanced that De Havilland	Havilland	PROPN	had	VERB	 had
Christel Loar from PopMatters found the album similar to Light Years and Fever and commended the production, opining that while " dance pop with this much gloss and unabashed glee is relegated to the realms of guilty pleasure ", Aphrodite is " that rare representation of perfect production	production	NOUN	that	PRON	 that
A significant amount of research has focused on determining the processes that initiate tooth development. It is widely accepted that there is a factor within the tissues of the first branchial arch that is necessary for the development of teeth. Tooth development is commonly divided into the following	following	VERB	stages	NOUN	 stages
Of the six that have been ordered, four will be leased and two will be fully acquired by British Airways. On 22 April 2013, IAG confirmed that it had signed a memorandum of understanding to order 18 A350 1000 aircraft for British Airways, with an option	option	NOUN	for	ADP	 for
In 1790 he married Jane Wilson, the couple having eloped on her 21st birthday. The marriage proved happy and prolific; twelve children (six sons and six daughters) were born over the following 14 years. Perceval's politics were highly conservative, and he acquired	acquired	VERB	a	DET	 a
Difficulty in accessing financing is also a major concern, specially for small and medium enterprises. According to Goldman Sachs, Iran has the potential to become one of the world's largest economies in the 21st century. Following annual approval of the government ’ s budget by	by	ADP	Majlis	PROPN	 Majlis
These matrimonial unions could be evidence of an alliance between Guðrøðr and Muirchertach in the 1150s. Mac Scelling's participation in Muirchertach's service, therefore, could have been undertaken during a period of cooperation between the Isles and the Uí Néill. In the last third of	of	ADP	the	DET	 the
He hoped that it would be running by Christmas 1939, but the outbreak of the Second World War quashed his hopes. The Nuffield Cyclotron would not be completed until after the war. In 1938, Oliphant became involved with the development of radar, then still a	a	DET	secret	NOUN	 secret
In the letter, Thompson stated that Half Life was directly responsible for the Erfurt massacre, as well as the Virginia Tech massacre and that Valve had until 5: 00 PM on March 18 to remove the mod. In 2004, Thompson helped get Howard Stern's	's	PART	show	NOUN	 show
The coaches are fully air conditioned, equipped with automatic doors, microprocessor controlled brakes and secondary air suspension, and are capable of maintaining an average speed of 32 km / h (20 mph) over a distance of 1.1 km (0.68 mi). The system	system	NOUN	is	AUX	 is
The same study identified two habitable states for a water rich planet. If the planet has a very thin atmosphere, a thick ice crust forms over most of the surface, but the substellar point remains hot enough to yield a region of thin ice or even episodically	episodically	ADV	open	ADJ	 open
The team employed frequent reviews of when these powers were introduced to the player as other gameplay elements were added to the game. Not all powers were necessarily offensive; the " postcognition " power, allowing the player to see the psychic echo of a dead person of	of	ADP	where	SCONJ	 where
" Confessions of a Broken Heart (Daughter to Father) " is a alternative rock song that lasts for three minutes and 41 seconds. According to the digital music sheet published at Musicnotes.com, the song is composed in the key of G♯ minor and is set in	in	ADP	time	NOUN	 time
In March 2004, with a federal election expected in the spring or summer, Prime Minister Paul Martin approached Dosanjh to be a candidate for the Liberal Party of Canada. Dosanjh agreed and Martin appointed him to Vancouver South over two other nomination candidates while announcing Dosanjh as	as	ADP	part	NOUN	 part
Her defeat signals the coming of Tempus Finis, as the first cycle is deemed a failure. She later appears at the end of the second cycle, pondering with Arecia whether to continue with the experiment. She is voiced by Haruka Tomatsu in Japanese. Miyu as	as	SCONJ	Myuria	PROPN	 Myuria
Despite the bowl loss, the 2006 season was ECU's first winning season since 2000, and the Papajohns.com Bowl was the Pirates ' first bowl game since 2001. In 2007, Holtz's team won eight games, including wins over intrastate rival North Carolina and going	going	VERB	3	NUM	 3
Amalric turned towards Egypt because Muslim territory to the east of Jerusalem had fallen under the control of the powerful Zengid sultan Nur ad Din. Nur ad Din had taken control of Damascus in 1154, six years after the disastrous siege of Damascus by the Second Crusade in	in	ADP	1148	NUM	 1148
She privately admits to Alex that she realized that she could live independently of Derek but chose not to. Meredith finds out she has a half sister called Maggie Pierce who is now working in Grey Sloan Memorial. Meredith thinks she would have remembered if her mother was	was	AUX	pregnant	ADJ	 pregnant
Shocked at the sudden demand, for 80 minutes she contemplated the decision, then finally " with deep regret, sorrow, and limited freedom " signed the papers Bevilacqua had provided for requesting dispensation from her perpetual vows, voiding her leave of absence. After nearly 30	30	NUM	years	NOUN	 years
The Anglo French force, which included Jean Bart, succeeded in cutting off and sinking the Austro Hungarian protected cruiser Zenta in an engagement off Antivari on 16 August 1914, although her accompanying destroyer managed to escape. Jean Bart spent most of the rest of 1914 providing	providing	VERB	gunfire	NOUN	 gunfire
The Supreme Court held that categorical exclusion of blacks from juries for no other reason than their race violated the Equal Protection Clause, and Strauder's conviction was overturned due to the Ohio County court's violation of United States constitutional criminal procedure. On October 12, 1880	1880	NUM	,	PUNCT	,
The song broke the record for the highest jump to number one at a time which was later broken by Kelly Clarkson's " My Life Would Suck Without You " in 2009. It is also her best selling digital song in the country, having sold over 3.5	3.5	NUM	million	NUM	 million
A report released by Oxfam in June 2008 criticized biofuel policies of rich countries as neither a solution to the climate crisis nor the oil crisis, while contributing to the food price crisis. The report concluded that from all biofuels available in the market, Brazilian sugarcane ethanol	ethanol	NOUN	is	AUX	 is
When William left for Holland in July Marlborough was one of the Lords Justices left running the country in his absence; but striving to reconcile his close Tory connections with that of the dutiful royal servant was difficult, leading Marlborough to complain – " The King's coldness	coldness	NOUN	to	ADP	 to
A social relationship developed, and during the summer of 1862 the Bülows stayed with Wagner at the composer's home at Biebrich. Wagner records that Cosima became " transfigured " by his rendering of " Wotan's Farewell " from Die Walküre. In October 1862, just	just	ADV	after	ADP	 after
The music video was well received among critics. Sam Lansky from MTV News called it dazzling and colourful, and cited the chair dancing sequence as his favourite since that of Britney Spears ' " Stronger " (2000). Lansky concluded: " Who needs to be	be	AUX	high	ADJ	 high
To the east of this is a window designed by Michael Farrar Bell dated 1985, to the memory of a local farmer, depicting the Creation. Beyond this is a window from 1901 made by Reuben Bennett which depicts the Good Shepherd with David and Miriam. On	On	ADP	the	DET	 the
This 900 foot (270 m) hill, which was steep and densely forested, provided an excellent firing position for cannon aimed at the fort. Nicolas Sarrebource de Pontleroy, Montcalm's chief engineer, said of the fort's site, " Were I to be	be	AUX	entrusted	VERB	 entrusted
Meanwhile, Ryan Nichols is hunting Michael down after seeing him attack and kidnap his wife. In the end, Michael frames Ryan for the murders and buries Lisa alive. Hutchinson explains that Nightdance was an attempt to escape the dense continuity of the film series and recreate	recreate	VERB	the	DET	 the
NATO supported a reconstruction of Banak, partially raised by increased focus on flanking maneuver strategies, and also to serve as a part of the nuclear program. NATO was ready to provide funding in 1957, but by the Norwegian authorities wanted to delay its construction, citing	citing	VERB	lack	NOUN	 lack
Temime was involved in a controversy regarding her work on Fleur Delacour's wedding dress. She was accused of copying the design from a similar dress from Alexander McQueen's Fall 2008 collection. Temime spoke about the dress, saying that she " wanted it to be a	a	DET	witch	NOUN	 witch
McKay had to issue a public apology after shouting an obscenity at the end zone stands, saying later that he was angry over racist statements being made from that direction. This was the first game that Pat Summerall and John Madden announced together. December 2, 1979	1979	NUM	at	ADP	 at
" Scalia believed that the death penalty is constitutional. He dissented in decisions that hold the death penalty unconstitutional as applied to certain groups, such as those who were under the age of 18 at the time of offense. In Thompson v. Oklahoma (1988),	,	PUNCT	he	PRON	 he
Surfer Rosa's lyrical content includes examinations of mutilation and incest in " Break My Body " and " Broken Face ", while references to superheroes appear on " Tony's Theme ". Voyeurism appears in " Gigantic ", and surrealistic lyrics are featured on " Bone	Bone	PROPN	Machine	PROPN	 Machine
Rachel dissipated several hours later on October 3. By that time, the winds had decreased to 30 mph (45 km / h). The remnants of Rachel entered the United States, and were last noted over Texas. Prior to the arrival of Rachel,	,	PUNCT	the	DET	 the
One other Hamilcar variant was proposed, although it never went into production or appeared to go further than the design stage. This was a proposal to mate a Lockheed P 38 Lightning fighter to the top of a Hamilcar, as the fighter would provide enough power to	to	PART	keep	VERB	 keep
The latter wrote that " the most strikingly immediate impression left by the album " concerned its lyrics, which, although " solemn and pious " at times, were " more interesting " thematically than those on All Things Must Pass, such that Material World was "	"	PUNCT	as	ADP	 as
No. 33 is mid Georgian. No. 31 is accessed through two 18th century gate piers adorned with pineapple finials which open onto a cobbled courtyard in front of the house. The western façade is 19th century and stone; a single storey, it incorporates a	a	DET	tower	NOUN	 tower
Lippmann conjectured a hypothetical Greek word ανθήμόνιον anthemonion, which would mean " floret ", and cites several examples of related Greek words (but not that one) which describe chemical or biological efflorescence. The early uses of antimonium include the translations, in 1050 – 1100	1100	NUM	,	PUNCT	,
Home of the Underdogs, described it as being " one of the best fangames ". The game has also been widely appreciated for its inclusion of the gravity gun, Gameplanet saying that it " works as advertised, and is indeed, pretty [cool] "	"	PUNCT	,	PUNCT	,
He added that the leaked version was an early, unmixed demo recording and, moreover, denied leaking the song, arguing that, despite the fact that he has been asked to leak the full song, he did not do it. The musical style of the	the	DET	demo	NOUN	 demo
For the former, he did eight months of boxing training and for the latter, he practiced horseback riding and sword fighting. He then completed training for his Private Pilot Licence in preparation for his role in Flyboys, which was released in September 2006; the same	same	ADJ	month	NOUN	 month
(As no Metropolitan Railway train had yet run through to Chesham on the finished line, the train from Chesham to Rickmansworth was drawn by two locomotives belonging to the contractors who had built the line, rather than by MR engines. A third engine ran ahead of	of	ADP	the	DET	 the
This was followed by " What U See (Is What U Get) " in which she removed her silver side jacket and she danced in a stripper pole wearing a pink cowboy hat. The act ended with Spears talking to the audience and sitting on a stool	stool	NOUN	to	PART	 to
Sims and Harris led the way to the first conference victory on January 3 against a # 15 ranked Ohio State team without its leading scorer, Evan Turner. On January 7, the Wolverines came from 16 points behind to defeat the Penn State Nittany Lions on the	the	DET	strength	NOUN	 strength
" Frommer's, which calls the Ritz " Europe's greatest hotel ", describes the furnishings as follows, " the public salons are furnished with museum calibre antiques. Each guest room is uniquely decorated, most with Louis XIV or Louis XV reproductions; all have	have	VERB	fine	ADJ	 fine
Janolino swung his bolo at Luna, wounding him in the head. Janolino's men fired at Luna, while others started stabbing him, even as he tried to fire his revolver at one of his attackers. He staggered out into the plaza where Román and Rusca	Rusca	PROPN	were	AUX	 were
Most of the orchestral writing, says the music analyst Eric Roseberry, lies " well within the range of intelligent young players of very restricted technique ". Several episodes of the opera – such as " the grinding conflict of Britten's passacaglia theme against Dykes's familiar	familiar	ADJ	hymn	NOUN	 hymn
At 13 km (8.1 mi) deep, its floor is the lowest point on the surface of the Moon. The highest elevations on the surface of the Moon are located directly to the northeast, and it has been suggested that this area might have been thickened	thickened	VERB	by	ADP	 by
Andy Gill of The Independent described the 2009 debut album A Friend of a Friend as " akin to one of Welch's albums, but with the balance of their harmonies swapped to favour Rawlings ' voice ". Although ostensibly Rawlings ' first solo album, Alex Ramon	Ramon	PROPN	of	ADP	 of
David Chater, writing for The Times, said that " Nana's Party " was like " a more twisted version " of Abigail's Party, with several critics likening the episode to a Mike Leigh drama. Critics also saw the influence of Ayckbourn's work.	.	PUNCT	The	DET	 The
North Indians, who dominate 48 essential services in Mumbai, constitute a sizeable — and hence decisive — vote bank. Forget political will, it is well calculated political design which has withheld the Democratic Front government from taking stern action against Raj. Or else, how	how	SCONJ	does	AUX	 does
I like the relaxed swing of " Always Be My Baby ", and the brisk waltz tempo of Forever. However, it's on what many Carey fans will probably find the most throwaway cut, " Daydream Interlude (Fantasy Sweet Dub Mix) ", that	that	SCONJ	the	DET	 the
Grosart divided most of that money equally by constituency, to the disgruntlement of Quebec Tories, who were used to receiving a disproportionate share of the national party's financing. The Tory campaign opened at Massey Hall in Toronto on April 25, where Diefenbaker addressed a crowd	crowd	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
As a consequence, Mark struggled to balance his work and personal lives. McGregor stated that he shared some similarities with Mark and he enjoyed getting into character. Mark's storylines often revolved around his relationship with Kate Ramsay (Ashleigh Brewer). He was initially wary	wary	ADJ	of	ADP	 of
The National Hurricane Center uses the data to evaluate conditions at landfall and to verify forecasts. The idea of aircraft reconnaissance of tropical cyclones first was put forth by Captain W. L. Farnsworth of the Galveston Commercial Association in the early 1930s. Supported by the United States Weather	Weather	PROPN	Bureau	PROPN	 Bureau
One of the first to arrive in the village following its re capture was US Congressman Frank McCloskey, who was in Croatia on a fact finding mission. McCloskey asked his aide, Pat Mackley, to arrange a press conference in Zagreb the next day, while Mackley	Mackley	PROPN	persuaded	VERB	 persuaded
He retired in 1976, but continued to follow the sport very closely. Kilburn twice accompanied the England team on overseas tours to Australia: in 1946 – 47 and 1954 – 55. During the former tour, he became a founder member of the Cricket Writers '	'	PART	Club	PROPN	 Club
The city was then used as an assembly point for tanks, artillery and armored vehicles that moved south against the capital of N ' Djamena. An attack started on 6 December, spearheaded by Soviet T 54 and T 55 tanks and reportedly coordinated by advisors from the	the	DET	Soviet	PROPN	 Soviet
Harrisburg is the county seat of Saline County with a mayor and council form of government. The city has four main council members. The city has a Police Department that shares a building with the Sheriff's department with 13 sworn officers and a civilian secretary. There	There	PRON	are	VERB	 are
He and a male nurse often entertained the patients with comedy routines. He found work at the Mime Theatre Company, performing mimed folk music and dance, which soon folded in Penzance. He made his way back to Oxford and then worked in Bramhall for the Famous	Famous	PROPN	Players	PROPN	 Players
Rick Dickinson came up with a number of designs for the " ZX82 " project before the final ZX Spectrum design. A number of the keyboard legends changed during the design phase including ARC becoming CIRCLE, FORE becoming INK and BACK becoming PAPER. The Spectrum reused a	a	DET	number	NOUN	 number
Principal photography for the episode transpired at the Goat Farm Arts Center in the West Midtown neighborhood of Atlanta, Georgia. " Vatos " features a sequence near the conclusion of the episode, in which a horde of walkers invades and attacks the campgrounds. The scene was	was	AUX	written	VERB	 written
This interpretation is consistent with Auden's many prose statements about the theological importance of the body. The Karst topography of Auden's birthplace, Yorkshire, also contains limestone. Some readings of the poem have thus taken Auden to be describing his own homeland. Auden makes	makes	VERB	a	DET	 a
The program's scheduled broadcast time was 21: 00, but the channel often delayed its broadcast by up to 40 minutes. This led to conflicts with other channels and COMFER, the institution that regulates Argentine television. The last episode lasted for half an hour and	and	CCONJ	was	AUX	 was
Andrew Romano of Newsweek similarly noted that it " lives up to the hype ". Summing the record up as " dance rock, but highly caffeinated ", Barry Walters of Rolling Stone explained that the tracks are emotive and rhythmic in equal measure, while Nick Southall	Southall	PROPN	of	ADP	 of
It is his most important Berlin work. An imposing external feature of the building is the tower, approximately 80 metres (260 ft) tall, which rises from a square base over the central bay facing Judenstraße. Inspired by those designed by Carl von Gontard for	for	ADP	the	DET	 the
Sujatha Rangarajan was assigned to write the dialogues for Sivaji. Tha. Prabhu Raja Cholan, who would later direct the film Karuppampatti (2013), worked as an assistant director in this film. Rajinikanth's daughter Soundarya worked as a graphics designer, creating the title	title	NOUN	for	ADP	 for
On the other hand, despite the humiliating peace treaty, Byzantium's losses were not excessive, especially considering the scale of the Arab attack, and Irene used the three years of the truce to strengthen her internal position: she seems to have dismissed most of the	the	DET	"	PUNCT	 "
He reported to the Pentagon for duty in the Office of the Secretary of the Army Chief of Staff from 1945 – 1948. In the Pentagon, Juskalian was assigned as an assistant secretary in the Secretariat of the War Department and was a secretary to Dwight D. Eisenhower	Eisenhower	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
Cyclogenesis is an umbrella term for at least three different processes, all of which result in the development of some sort of cyclone, and at any size from the microscale to the synoptic scale. Tropical cyclones form due to latent heat driven by significant thunderstorm activity,	,	PUNCT	and	CCONJ	 and
She was bred by Frank Vessels of Los Alamitos, California, and trained by Earl Holmes. Chicado V started only six times because knee problems cut short her racing career. However, she won her first two starts while breaking or equaling track records, and was	was	AUX	given	VERB	 given
Precipitation per year averages 429.2 millimetres (16.9 in). There are 47 wet days annually, which are associated with a 12% daily probability of rainfall. The city has an average of 3,066 hours of sunshine per year, with 8.4 hours of sunlight per day	day	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
In November 2010, Anderson was again a contestant on Family Feud, this time as Mr. Anderson, teaming with Jay Lethal, Matt Morgan, Mick Foley and Rob Van Dam against Angelina Love, Christy Hemme, Lacey Von Erich, Tara and Velvet Sky. Behind	Behind	ADP	Enemy	PROPN	 Enemy
Investigators discovered that the engine case had ' multiple breaches '. On May 27, 2016, on Korean Air Flight 2708, a 777 300, registered HL7534, an engine caught fire before take off at Tokyo International Airport, commonly known as Haneda Airport. Shortly	Shortly	ADV	before	SCONJ	 before
However, Charles understood that noble encroachment of power had helped cause the revolt, and embarked upon a new reform program. Unpopular, corrupt, and ineffective officials were replaced; judicial functions of the Royal Council were limited; and local courts were revitalized. Charles also	also	ADV	adjusted	VERB	 adjusted
Counties, significantly altered in terms of territory relative to the pre 1920s subdivisions, were reintroduced in 1992 legislation. In 1918, the Transleithanian part of Croatia was divided into eight counties with their seats in Bjelovar, Gospić, Ogulin, Požega, Vukovar, Varaždin,	,	PUNCT	Osijek	PROPN	 Osijek
She was launched shortly before the war ended and entered service in late 1945. From 1945 to 1947 she was mainly used to return Australian Army equipment from the islands off New Guinea. She was also loaned to the Australian Shipping Control Board in early 1947 and transported	transported	VERB	earth	NOUN	 earth
He mostly learned to play bass guitar by " listening to records and picking out notes ", with formal training limited to some lessons from a professional Liverpool bassist. Williams left school when he was 16 years old, becoming an engineer by day and musician by night	night	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
Wenham aimed to maintain a monochromatic color scheme for the film, with muted blacks and grays, including his choice of colors for the cars used. He only chose to add a multitude of colors in the favela set. The Teodoro Moscosco bridge connecting San Juan to	to	ADP	neighboring	VERB	 neighboring
Bond sees supply flights of arms and equipment coming into the country, all funded by billionaire Hulbert Linck; the aeroplanes all show the AfriKIN name on the fuselage. When Adeka dies a few days later, Bond tries to leave the country on one of the supply	supply	NOUN	flights	NOUN	 flights
The River Exe, from which Exmoor takes its name, rises at Exe Head near the village of Simonsbath, close to the Bristol Channel coast, but flows more or less directly due south, so that most of its length lies in Devon. The river and	and	CCONJ	the	DET	 the
In late December 1943, Hühnewaldt was tasked with the defence of Banja Luka, the second largest city in Bosnia, which had been under Partisan pressure for several days. The headquarters of XV Mountain Corps was in Banja Luka, along with the divisional replacement battalion,	,	PUNCT	divisional	ADJ	 divisional
I have loved this character all season long — and not just solely for [his] physical attributes... although those certainly don't hurt. " Alan Sepinwall of The Star Ledger reflected, " He was only on the show for a season and not featured all	all	DET	that	PRON	 that
During 2007 the limited edition DVD from the film ranked 23rd with a sales ratio of 23. In the NEO Awards 2007 from Neo, Conqueror of Shamballa won in the category " Best Anime Movie. " Critical response to the film has generally been positive. Theron	Theron	PROPN	Martin	PROPN	 Martin
Examples are brotizolam, midazolam, and triazolam. Intermediate acting compounds have a median half life of 12 – 40 hours. They may have some residual effects in the first half of the day if used as a hypnotic. Rebound insomnia, however, is more common	common	ADJ	upon	SCONJ	 upon
Military historian Stephen W. Sears wrote, " When he deserted his army on the Glendale and Malvern Hill battlefields during the Seven Days, he was guilty of dereliction of duty. Had the Army of the Potomac been wrecked on either of these fields (at Glendale the	the	DET	possibility	NOUN	 possibility
Aldis lost the case, but won on appeal, when the Supreme Court of Illinois found that owners of property abutting the " L " lines could recover damages if the property had been injured by noise, vibration, or the blocking of light, paving the way	way	NOUN	for	ADP	 for
The battle lasted various days, and the Spanish were supported by indigenous warriors from central Mexico. The battle eventually resulted in a Spanish victory, but the rest of the province of Chiapa remained rebellious. After the battle of Quetzaltepeque, Villa Real was still short on	on	ADP	food	NOUN	 food
Mu Gruis, composed of Mu1 and Mu2, is also an optical double — both stars are yellow giants of spectral type G8III around 2.5 times as massive as the Sun with surface temperatures of around 4900 K. Mu1 is the brighter of the two at magnitude 4.8 located	located	VERB	around	ADP	 around
" The company also preserved, for over a century, what The Times called a " unique performance style, which may be summarised as a combination of good taste and good fun ". After the 1979 tour, the rising costs of mounting year round professional light	light	ADJ	opera	NOUN	 opera
Thus, 85% of undergraduates live on campus. All freshmen are housed in one of 14 residences on East Campus. These buildings range in occupancy size from 50 (Epworth — the oldest residence hall, built in 1892 as " the Inn ") to 190	190	NUM	residents	NOUN	 residents
" In 1939, the advertising of hard liquor on billboards and in newspapers was voluntarily discontinued. Also, in 1939, a " club bill " was passed by the Legislative Assembly. The bill gave regulatory power to the OLCC over hotels, restaurants and private clubs	clubs	NOUN	where	SCONJ	 where
A week before the start of the league season, Arsenal sacked manager Rioch and cited the decision was in the " best long term interest of the club ". It was alleged that a dispute over transfer funds with the board of directors prompted his departure; his	his	PRON	relationship	NOUN	 relationship
The Loyalists, led by Bishop Charles Inglis fled to Windsor, Nova Scotia, where they founded King's Collegiate School. After the Revolution, the college turned to the State of New York in order to restore its vitality, promising to make whatever changes to the	the	DET	school	NOUN	 school
Shortly after the assembly area was established George, who was severely wounded from the Claymore explosion, turned his company over to Valdez. Allen then ordered Valdez to lead the survivors of Alpha Company northward to join the rest of the battalion. The survivors, mostly from	from	ADP	the	DET	 the
Braathens SAFE's first domestic service was via Tønsberg Airport, Jarlsberg to Stavanger, and later a route to Trondheim. These were both operated with Heron aircraft. At first the Trondheim route was flown to Lade, but were quickly transferred to the current airport at Værnes	Værnes	PROPN	.	PUNCT	.
The new homes were specifically built with different variations to avoid the lack of variety commonly seen in industrial housing at the time. The Westinghouse Air Brake Home Building Company was so successful that within ten years, there were no vacant lots left on the Southern side of	of	ADP	Turtle	PROPN	 Turtle
Many of the human and animal figures, such as glyphs 200 and 280, have characteristic protuberances on each side of the head, possibly representing eyes. Individual texts are conventionally known by a single uppercase letter and a name, such as Tablet C, the Mamari	Mamari	PROPN	Tablet	PROPN	 Tablet
Musical Opinion (Luton, Bedfordshire: Musical Opinion Ltd.) 65: 68. 1941 – 1942. ISSN 0027 4623. 02. " Boosey & Hawkes Settle with Disney ". The Daily Telegraph. 21 March 2001. Aldrick, Philip (1 May 2001)	)	PUNCT	.	PUNCT	.
Author Hal Rothman notes that " for nearly two years the framed structure sat in the hot desert sun, looking more like an ancient relic than a nascent casino ". Clark approached the Reconstruction Finance Corporation for investment, but they were struggling financially. In 1949,	,	PUNCT	he	PRON	 he
Liverpool's form suffered following their 1 – 0 loss to Leicester City in the FA Cup semi final, and a poor run of results including a 7 – 2 defeat to Tottenham Hotspur saw the club finish the season in eighth place. The following season, Shankly	Shankly	PROPN	signed	VERB	 signed
The freeway was opened to traffic in 2000, with a traffic light at the intersection of MN 610 and US 169 initially. Construction on the second bridge over the Mississippi River for eastbound traffic started in 1999, to be completed in 2002. Construction of the portion	portion	NOUN	between	ADP	 between
Each turret would have cost US $1.4 million, but this figure did not take into account the cost of the guns themselves. The turrets would have been " three gun ", not " triple ", because each barrel would have elevated and fired independently.	.	PUNCT	The	DET	 The
Once the full order of M8 railcars are in service, and Amtrak tests and approves the M8s for usage east of New Haven, ConnDOT plans to use 24 to 32 cars for electric SLE service to reduce diesel emissions. The diesel trainsets will be moved to service	service	NOUN	on	ADP	 on
Later, an Air Force reconnaissance aircraft reported a strengthening system; maximum sustained winds increased to 50 mph (80 km / h), and a minimum pressure of 999 mbar was measured. The tropical cyclone moved northward into the southern Gulf of Mexico on November 10	10	NUM	.	PUNCT	.
Coincidentally, this had been Millar's intent when writing the graphic novel, although he and artist J. G. Jones had forgotten to. He said, " I wanted them to have those powers and then just wear those costumes for the initiation, but just for one	one	NUM	panel	NOUN	 panel
To the east and west of the loggia are reconstructed Roman columns, each of which is listed at Grade II. South of the loggia is the Dutch Tea Garden, which was laid out by C. E. Mallows in about 1905. The garden contains the Tea House	House	PROPN	which	PRON	 which
Two highly venerated pre Mongol churches that have been rebuilt — the Assumption Cathedral and the Cathedral of St. Demetrius in Vladimir — display golden helmet domes. Restoration work on several other ancient churches revealed some fragments of former helmet like domes below newer onion cupolas. It has	has	AUX	been	AUX	 been
Judging Captain Scarlet next to its immediate predecessor, Thunderbirds, Gerry Anderson's own verdict is unambiguous: " Nothing was as successful as Thunderbirds. Captain Scarlet and the Mysterons was very successful, but once you've had a smash hit, everything tends to look less	less	ADV	successful	ADJ	 successful
The episode received positive reviews from critics. HitFix Senior Editor Alan Sepinwall wrote, " It wasn't a perfect episode, mainly because Vivian remains a fairly muddled, bratty villain, and because I don't feel like the show ever really used Ray Wise to his	his	PRON	full	ADJ	 full
This corresponds to what foreigners observed, like Jacques de Vitry who around 1080 mentioned Acre and Tyre, (but not Hebron), as glass producing cities, while by 1483, when Felix Fabri visited the city, he described passing " through the long street of	of	ADP	the	DET	 the
Howe would be re elected six more times from Brunswick County. In 1765, Howe worked with other colonial leaders such as Hugh Waddell, Abner Nash, and Cornelius Harnett to found the Wilmington Sons of Liberty organization, which was active in protesting the Stamp Act 1765	1765	NUM	that	PRON	 that
A public enquiry of 1974 recommended that the bridge remain open to avoid congestion on neighbouring bridges, and it remained open to traffic with the tidal flow and 2 ton weight limit in place. In 1990, the tidal flow system was abandoned and the Albert Bridge was	was	AUX	converted	VERB	 converted
Moving ashore with a pressure of 926 mbar, Anita was the third most intense tropical cyclone to strike the nation, and was the most intense hurricane to hit from the Gulf of Mexico. It rapidly weakened over the mountainous terrain of Mexico, and on September 3	3	NUM	,	PUNCT	,
An American Museum of Natural History expedition led by Sydney Anderson collected the first three specimens of Oecomys sydandersoni in 1964 and 1965. The material was mentioned in passing in a report on the chiggers of the region and tentatively identified as O. concolor in publications of the 1990s	1990s	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
The company's first sleeping cars were operated between Paddington and Plymouth in 1877. Then on 1 October 1892 its first corridor train ran from Paddington to Birkenhead, and the following year saw the first trains heated by steam that was passed through the train in a pipe	pipe	NOUN	from	ADP	 from
He was diagnosed with laryngitis. According to Scott, Harrison recorded " Bye Bye, Love " alone one night at A & M, adding a variety of instruments to his acoustic guitar track, including Moog synthesizer, drums, electric pianos and various electric guitar parts	parts	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
The sequence, where Bond stalks the villains during a performance of Tosca, required 1,500 extras. The production used a large model of an eye, which Forster felt fitted in the Bond style, and the opera itself has parallels to the film. A short driving	driving	NOUN	sequence	NOUN	 sequence
Being Beetlejuice, however, he remains upbeat: " This could be a good look for me. " The financial success of Pee wee's Big Adventure (1985) meant that Burton was considered a " bankable " director, and he began working on a script	script	NOUN	for	ADP	 for
Ryo composed " Sekiranun Graffiti " and Dixie Flatline composed " Fallin ' Fallin ' Fallin ' "; both songs are sung by Hatsune Miku. " Sekiranun Graffiti " is used as the opening theme to Hatsune Miku: Project DIVA Extend. The theme songs for the	the	DET	2011	NUM	 2011
His devices were manifold: to suppress agitation, to praise the slaveholding system; to promote Southern prosperity and expansion; to procure a Western alliance; to frame a fresh plan of government by concurrent majorities; to form a Southern bloc; to warn the North of	of	ADP	the	DET	 the
The real guns had been removed three days previously and positioned further inland. Having captured its objectives, No. 4 Commando reformed and set out to join the rest of the brigade, about 6 miles (9.7 km) away. Lieutenant Colonel Dawson was wounded during	during	ADP	the	DET	 the
On 26 January 1905, Kamimura hoisted his flag again in Izumo at Sasebo and then escorted several troop convoys to Wonsan on February. On 13 April, the 2nd Division, including the armored cruisers Tokiwa and Kasuga, sailed to escort minelayers as they laid 715 mines	mines	NOUN	off	ADP	 off
Bloomberg and The New York Times also said Kaspersky was less aggressive about identifying cyberattacks originating from Russia than from other countries, allegations Kaspersky refutes. For example, he allegedly ignored or downplayed a series of denial of service attacks in December 2011 that were made to disrupt	disrupt	VERB	online	ADJ	 online
A pair of 40 caliber 8 cm / 40 3rd Year Type guns on disappearing mounts provided Hōshō's only anti aircraft defense. They were positioned on the flight deck, just forward of the rear elevator. These guns fired 5.67 – 5.99 kilogram (12.5 – 13.2	13.2	NUM	lb	NOUN	 lb
At the same time, Brezhnev had problems of his own, the Czechoslovakian leadership were also deviating from the Soviet model. In the aftermath of the Soviet invasion of Czechoslovakia, the Soviet leadership proclaimed the Brezhnev doctrine, which said the USSR had the right to intervene	intervene	VERB	in	ADP	 in
The letter concerned Augustine's mission to Kent in 597, and in it Gregory says that he believes " that you wish your subjects in every respect to be converted to that faith in which you, their kings and lords, stand ". It may be that	that	SCONJ	this	PRON	 this
Planting and weeding often required a dirty day of work, since the farmers had to wade through the muddy water of the rice paddies on bare feet. For other crops, water buffalos were used as draft animals for ploughing and harrowing the fields, while properly aged	aged	ADJ	and	CCONJ	 and
The online version has a fully transcribed set of digital pages, including amendments to the text, and two images of each page, with both standard lighting and raked lighting to highlight the texture of the parchment. Prior to 1 September 2009, the University of the	the	DET	Arts	PROPN	 Arts
A modified and fictionalized account of the Baird nomination formed the core of Wendy Wasserstein's 1996 play An American Daughter, which was later made into a 2000 television film. Wasserstein saw the episode, as well as what happened to Wood, as an example of double	double	ADJ	standards	NOUN	 standards
June 1977 saw the release of another charting punk album: the Vibrators ' Pure Mania. In July, the Sex Pistols ' third single, " Pretty Vacant ", reached number six and the Saints had a top forty hit with " This Perfect Day ".	.	PUNCT	Recently	ADV	 Recently
' " But Joe Fox of The Windsor Star recommended it, adding, " [W] henever things start to drag a snappy tune comes along to get everyone interested. " Initially intended for a mid year release, Care Bears Movie II opened on March 7	7	NUM	,	PUNCT	,
Another component of extra tropical storm surge is the phenomenon of negative water levels. If strong winds are blowing offshore, situations can arise where mean water levels in a bay fall significantly, which poses a serious threat for ships tied up at piers. If negative water	water	NOUN	levels	NOUN	 levels
" Vince Horiuchi of The Salt Lake Tribune suggested that this film should have been made 30 years ago by Sam Raimi and starring Bruce Campbell, while instead " the Hansel and Gretel we ’ re left with runs out of its magic potion far too early to let	let	VERB	us	PRON	 us
The Dominican Red Cross coordinated early medical relief in conjunction with the International Red Cross. The government sent eight mobile medical units along with 36 doctors including orthopaedic specialists, traumatologists, anaesthetists, and surgeons. In addition, 39 trucks carrying canned food were dispatched, along	along	ADP	with	ADP	 with
The nymph grips onto the tree bark with all of its legs, swallows air and redistributes haemolymph to split the cast down the center of its back. It then extracts its head and clypeus by hunching its body, and when these have emerged, arches back to	to	PART	draw	VERB	 draw
In her first season with The Cottagers Chapman won the South West Combination Women's Football League, the third level of women's football, and was again named FA Young Player of the Year. She also played in Fulham's 1 – 0 FA Women's Cup	Cup	PROPN	final	ADJ	 final
The struggle during the next few years focused on Enna, which became the main Byzantine stronghold in central Sicily. In early 834, Abu Fihr campaigned against Enna, defeated its garrison in the field and forced it to withdraw within the town's fortifications. In spring	spring	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
There is a tower of a 12th century church on Puffin Island still. There is a tradition that St. Seiriol and perhaps Maelgwn Gwynedd (king of Gwynedd in the first half of the 6th century) were buried there. The island once had large numbers of puffins	puffins	NOUN	and	CCONJ	 and
The last performance of the original Experience line up took place on June 29, 1969, at Barry Fey's Denver Pop Festival, a three day event held at Denver's Mile High Stadium that was marked by police using tear gas to control the audience. The	The	DET	band	NOUN	 band
The ACLU lost the case of Joseph Beahharnais, who was arrested for group libel when he distributed literature impugning the character of African Americans. Cities across America routinely banned movies because they were deemed to be " harmful ", " offensive ", or " immoral "	"	PUNCT	–	PUNCT	 –
It may also be that the allies had different purposes in the war, and Kirby suggested that Penda's deserting allies may have been dissatisfied " with what had been achieved at Iudeu ". At a time when the Winwaed was swollen with heavy rains, the Mercians	Mercians	PROPN	were	AUX	 were
The company relocated to a pier on Pratt Street at the foot of Gay Street, where it remained until it went out of business in 1962. Various travel writers in the 1950s extolled the pleasures of the nightly cruises and meals on the Old Bay Line's antique	antique	ADJ	steamers	NOUN	 steamers
He wouldn't take no shit. " Following the birth of his son, D ' Angelo composed the album's first song " Send It On " in 1998 at a recording studio in Virginia. Shortly afterwards, he felt ready to begin the recording for Voodoo	Voodoo	PROPN	.	PUNCT	.
Tech scored a touchdown to begin the quarter, but Cal answered with one of its own, making the score 49 – 35. The Hokies evened the score at 49 – 49 after an 80 yard touchdown drive that took less than two minutes and a punt return	return	NOUN	by	ADP	 by
Following an online poll, Rowe donated most of his legal defense fund to a children's hospital and used the remaining money for his future university education. After settling the dispute with Microsoft, Rowe attempted to auction off the documentation he had received on the on line	line	NOUN	auction	NOUN	 auction
Icke had begun to flirt with alternative medicine and New Age philosophies in the 1980s, in an effort to relieve his arthritis, and this encouraged his interest in Green politics. Within six months of joining the Green Party, he was given a position as one of	of	ADP	its	PRON	 its
No. 10 and 11 Groups dispatched more Squadrons to support the already airborne 11 Hurricanes from No. 601 Squadron. 10 Group dispatched one Squadron each from RAF Middle Wallop, RAF Exeter and RAF Warmwell, and one each from No. 11's RAF Tangmere and	and	CCONJ	RAF	PROPN	 RAF
In the area near the accident, south of Tebay in Cumbria, on 15 February 2004 another fatal incident had occurred, the Tebay rail accident, when four rail workers were killed by a runaway track maintenance trailer. Also close by was a collision on the Lambrigg	Lambrigg	PROPN	Crossing	PROPN	 Crossing
It was produced and distributed by the Nikkatsu Company. The story concerns the young hoodlum Akira, his friends, their transgressions and specifically their revenge on the couple that got him sent to jail, a reporter and his fiancée. When the fiancée finds herself pregnant by	by	ADP	Akira	PROPN	 Akira
It was originally broadcast on BBC Three on 27 October 2008, and repeated on frontline channel BBC One the following day. The episode was written by head writer Neil Cross; with additional writing by Ben Richards; and directed by Colm McCarthy. The episode is considered	considered	VERB	the	DET	 the
In his story, Fionna goes on a date with Prince Gumball (voiced by Neil Patrick Harris) and fights the evil Ice Queen (voiced by Grey DeLisle). The concept of Fionna and Cake was based on sketches that series ' character designer and storyboard revisionist	revisionist	NOUN	Natasha	PROPN	 Natasha
More than 1000 of the disappeared from this period have not been found. Skepticism about the matches ' veracity emerged in 2003, and the institute's own DNA testing in 2005 revealed a project rife with mistakes and exaggerated certainty: 48 bodies were wrongly identified and 37	37	NUM	more	ADJ	 more
The same year, the writers of Complex magazine put the song at number 25 on their list of Beyoncé's 25 best songs, adding that her assertion " we run this mother ", " practically wills every woman who hears this song to aspire to bigger things	things	NOUN	"	PUNCT	 "
The house incorporated parts of an earlier (15th century) house, including the chimney stacks. The Forsters ' house was fronted by two porches, separated by a central section with seven bays. The porches had ornate Solomonic columns, similar to those at the University	University	PROPN	Church	PROPN	 Church
In the early 1940s, several sections of US 5 in the Hartford area were upgraded to four lane boulevards. The Berlin Turnpike segment was reconstructed as a divided four lane highway, with several segments also straightened out. In East Hartford and South Windsor, a new	new	ADJ	four	NUM	 four
Alternatively, players can ambush enemies, which often results in an intense firefight between the two parties. In combat, a cover system can be used as assistance against enemies. Players have the ability to lean around, over, and under cover, which can be	be	AUX	used	VERB	 used
The previous season's transition to fullback was made permanent by the club when Tomkins inherited the number 1 jersey from Cameron Phelps, whose 2010 season was blighted by injury and was not offered a new contract. With speculation that Tomkins might move to the National Rugby League	League	PROPN	or	CCONJ	 or
Foreign operas were popular among the upper class throughout the 19th century, while other styles of musical theater included operettas, ballad operas and the opera bouffe. The English operettas of Gilbert and Sullivan were particularly popular, while American compositions had trouble finding an audience. George	George	PROPN	M.	PROPN	 M.
Alfred the Great gradually shifted the settlement into the old Roman town of Londinium from around 886 AD onwards, leaving no mark of the old town, and the site returned to fields. Around 1200 the first mention of an abbey garden appears in a document mentioning a	a	DET	walled	ADJ	 walled
She later wrote about him for her undergraduate senior thesis and made him the subject of her PhD dissertation at Yale University. After graduation, Applegate signed a publishing contract for a biography of Beecher. To write a biography with popular appeal, Applegate studied fiction writing,	,	PUNCT	including	VERB	 including
The town was put under on and off 24 hour curfews for several months. On 25 March 1973, the Sarawak government, led by chief minister Abdul Rahman Ya ' kub started to clamp down on communist activities at the Rajang basin by setting up " Rajang Special	Special	PROPN	Security	PROPN	 Security
O'Connor described Waypoint as intended to be the prime destination for Halo. The company's first new game, Halo 4, was released on November 6, 2012, to generally positive reviews. In 2006, in acknowledgment of the " wealth of influences adopted by the	the	DET	Bungie	PROPN	 Bungie
At the same time, an alternate route of NY 52 between Stormville and Towners was assigned the NY 216 designation. The alignments of NY 52 and NY 216 between the two locations were largely swapped c. 1937. In 1970, Route 216 was truncated to its current	current	ADJ	eastern	ADJ	 eastern
In May that year, the Federal government agreed to South Vietnam's request for military instructors; Pollard was responsible for laying down guidelines for the thirty advisors deployed in August as part of the Australian Army Training Team Vietnam, led by his friend Colonel Ted Serong.	.	PUNCT	Upon	SCONJ	 Upon
The western meadowlark and two species of sparrows are the most common types of birds that are seen in the area. Turkey vultures, rock wren, three species of hawks, and other birds patrol the cliffs on the sides of the plateaus. The Table Rocks offer	offer	VERB	one	NUM	 one
Dean retired in 1902 to be replaced by George Jackson Churchward, who introduced the familiar 4 6 0 locomotives. It was during Churchward's tenure that the term " Locomotive Superintendent " was changed to " Chief Mechanical Engineer " (CME). Charles Collett succeeded Churchward	Churchward	PROPN	in	ADP	 in
The bypass has created problems for cyclists and pedestrians who appear reluctant to cross the road and visit the town centre. One solution presently under consideration would involve a partial reopening of the pedestrianised section of Blackburn Street to traffic. The closure of the East Lancashire and Radcliffe	Radcliffe	PROPN	Paper	PROPN	 Paper
Some of the novel's human characters were based on the lives and mannerisms on locals living in Oro Valley, a suburb of Tucson, Arizona. In 1967, E. P. Dutton selected Mannix's unpublished novel as the 1967 winner of its annual " Animal Book Award	Award	PROPN	"	PUNCT	 "
Her maximum coal capacity was 1,700 long tons (1,727 t) plus 500 long tons (510 t) of fuel oil, which gave her a range of 1,640 nautical miles (3,040 km; 1,890 mi) at maximum speed. All of her electrical power was	was	AUX	generated	VERB	 generated
In the graphic novel, the son kills once, and in the film, he does not kill anyone. Collins also disagreed with the narration technique of the film. In the novel, the son narrates the story as an adult, becoming a priest, while	while	SCONJ	in	ADP	 in
Unlike in Halo 3 cooperative campaign where each player takes the role of a different character, in Halo 4 all players assume the role of Master Chief. Players can enable " skulls " in the campaign menu which act as gameplay modifiers such as increasing enemy health,	,	PUNCT	changing	VERB	 changing
On October 27, 2010, one lane in either direction on the Nobel Bypass opened to traffic. The new four lane bypass, which travels as far north as Highway 559, was fully opened in November. The former route of Highway 69 through the town was	was	AUX	renamed	VERB	 renamed
Consequentially, Circus became Spears's second album after her debut effort... Baby One More Time (1999) to have two top ten singles and three top twenty hits, also being her first to have two top five hits in the United States along with five charting	charting	VERB	songs	NOUN	 songs
Following an extended period of closure & dereliction, when the Huddersfield canal was in parts filled in or built over, a complete restoration was undertaken resulting in the full reopening of the canal in 2001. They are now used for leisure craft and are still maintained and	and	CCONJ	in	ADP	 in
The San Diego County regional planning agency, SANDAG, provides tables and graphs breaking down the city population into 5 year age groups. In 2000, the median income for a household in the city was $45,733, and the median income for a family was $	$	SYM	53,060	NUM	53,060
Taylor said that the change would have been " too drastic for us ", and the idea was abandoned. Her final appearance, in the penultimate episode of the series, " Preemptive Strike ", had been considered a long shot by the producers. After the	the	DET	failure	NOUN	 failure
" Shortly after pre sales for the tour began, tickets had already started to appear on the secondary ticketing market. In the same article, Lawrence explained how with an average ticket price of $342.67 on the secondary market, the On the Run Tour was "	"	PUNCT	head	NOUN	 head
Beer, as he still named himself, studied with Antonio Salieri and the German master and friend of Goethe, Carl Friedrich Zelter. Louis Spohr organised a concert for Beer at Berlin in 1804 and continued his acquaintance with the lad later in Vienna and Rome. A	A	DET	portrait	NOUN	 portrait
When that failed, the Italians bombarded the fortifications defending the Dardanelles to little effect before the main body departed for Italy on the 19th. Pisa, Amalfi, and an assortment of smaller craft were left behind, however, to continue destroying telegraph and radio stations and	and	CCONJ	cutting	VERB	 cutting
Ine was to rebuff Sōken's attempts to become involved in Tada's life. Ine continued her studies in Nagasaki under Abe Roan. In 1854 she left Tada with her mother and went with Ninomiya Keisaku's nephew Mise Shūzō to study under Keisaku in Uwajima, whose	whose	DET	lord	PROPN	 lord
Blink 182 announced on February 22, 2005 that they would be going on an " indefinite hiatus ". The decision, in reality a break up of the group, stemmed from internal band tension, which had arisen in late 2004 during the band's European tour	tour	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
On 11 June 1941, Iowan departed Los Angeles with a cargo of 4,500 long tons (4,600 t) of steel and iron pipe destined for San Francisco; Portland, Oregon; and Seattle, on her last voyage before she was to be handed over to the	the	DET	United	PROPN	 United
Tom Janulewicz from Space.com also reacted positively toward the episode, enjoying the idea of making the character of Skinner into a " true " believer. Paula Vitaris from Cinefantastique gave the episode a more mixed review and awarded it two stars out of four. Vitaris criticized both	both	CCONJ	the	DET	 the
Sanchez started the next week, but was benched in the third quarter of the Jets ' contest against the Arizona Cardinals on December 2, 2012 in favor of third string back up Greg McElroy. Prior to being benched by Rex Ryan, Sanchez threw three interceptions.	.	PUNCT	McElroy	PROPN	 McElroy
The two games had an aggregate score of 72 – 15, and England were kept try less. Despite the winning start to Henry's tenure, the Tri Nations was a mixed success with two wins and two losses. The competition was the closest ever, bonus	bonus	NOUN	points	NOUN	 points
In 2012, work began on a new station, which includes two longer high level platforms and an overhead pedestrian bridge. The bridge will eventually allow direct access from the Beacon Street and Brookline Avenue overpasses through the planned Fenway Center development. Passengers boarded from the east	east	ADJ	end	NOUN	 end
The Ann Arbor Business Review covers local business in the area. Car and Driver magazine and Automobile Magazine are also based in Ann Arbor. The University of Michigan is served by many student publications, including the independent Michigan Daily student newspaper, which reports on local,	,	PUNCT	state	NOUN	 state
Central Mumbai localities were most affected, especially around Dadar and Shivaji Park, the strongholds of both the MNS and the Shiv Sena. The police blocked roads in front of the residence of Raj in the Shivaji Park area. A civic activist named James John was assaulted	assaulted	VERB	by	ADP	 by
Al Talaba have won two international club competitions: the 1984 Bangalore Championship and the 2005 Damascus International Championship. Since it was first established, Al Talaba was owned by the University of Baghdad. From 1975 to 1993, Al Talaba became owned by the National Union of	of	ADP	Iraqi	ADJ	 Iraqi
" The film was reported to have been greeted with widespread derision in preview screenings for the public and critics. An audience of Los Angeles entertainment journalists, critics and others greeted the film with guffaws and hoots at a screening in Century City, while other viewers in	in	ADP	Washington	PROPN	 Washington
During a campaign stop in the town of Delville, Deke Rivers (Elvis Presley) and a workmate deliver an order of beer. While they are unloading, the workmate talks to Glenda about Deke's singing ability, which Glenda jumps on to revive the sagging interest	interest	NOUN	in	ADP	 in
" In 1978 The Nostalgia Merchant released the film through Media Home Entertainment. By 1980 the 800 title library of The Nostalgia Merchant was earning $2.3 million a year. " Nobody wanted cassettes four years ago, " Garrett told UPI. " It wasn't the	the	DET	first	ADJ	 first
It was developed in 1926 following a 1925 Admiralty request. Trials were undertaken in 1927. Inexplicably, although the weapon was introduced and ready for testing in 1931, not a single test was carried out against any submarines or to determine the bomb's behaviour under water	water	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
The store was originally established in 1947 on the opposite side of Jaffa Road, and moved to a location near King George and Ben Yehuda Streets from 1970 to 2010. On the north side of Zion Square stands the Jerusalem Hostel. This lodging opened as the Tel	Tel	PROPN	Aviv	PROPN	 Aviv
This short but successful campaign earned the regiment its second battle honour, Martinique 1794 — although as with the earlier Guadeloupe honour, it was not actually awarded until 1909. The light and grenadier companies were involved in the capture, shortly afterwards, of St Lucia and	and	CCONJ	the	DET	 the
After the 1920 season, Barrow resigned from the Red Sox to become the business manager of the Yankees, replacing the deceased Harry Sparrow. He took control of building the roster, which was usually the field manager's responsibility in those days. With the Yankees,	,	PUNCT	Barrow	PROPN	 Barrow
The waters around Sipadan island are the most biodiverse in the world. Bordering East Malaysia, the Sulu Sea is a biodiversity hotspot, with around 600 coral species and 1200 fish species. The unique biodiversity of Malaysian Caves always attracts lovers of ecotourism from all over the	the	DET	world	NOUN	 world
All of the state frequently experiences temperatures above 100° F (38° C) or below 0° F (− 18° C), though below zero temperatures are rare in south central and southeastern Oklahoma. Snowfall ranges from an average of less than 4	4	NUM	inches	NOUN	 inches
Alumni currently serving in public office include Senator Jack Reed, Governor of Nebraska David Heineman, Governor of Louisiana John Bel Edwards and Congressmen Geoff Davis, Brett Guthrie, Mike Pompeo and John Shimkus. The academy has produced many notable generals during its 212 years. During	During	ADP	the	DET	 the
The new organisations and equipment gave the infantry platoon the capacity for fire and manoeuvre, even in the absence of adequate artillery support. To bring uniformity in adoption of the methods laid down in the revised manuals and others produced over the winter, Haig established a BEF	BEF	PROPN	Training	PROPN	 Training
I was instrumental in saving several females from the flames. " In the process, he suffered a head injury when struck by a falling timber, and was left with a permanent scar above his eye. The tragedy took the lives of 72 people, including the	the	DET	sitting	VERB	 sitting
Unfinished by the end of the war, their construction was suspended in November 1865 and the unseasoned wood of their hulls rotted while they were still on the building stocks. If the four ships had been finished they would have been the most seaworthy monitors in the US	US	PROPN	Navy	PROPN	 Navy
During the championship series against the Sixers, Johnson averaged 16.2 points on.533 shooting, 10.8 rebounds, 8.0 assists, and 2.5 steals per game. Johnson later said that his third season was when the Lakers first became a great team, and he credited their success to	to	ADP	Riley	PROPN	 Riley
During its first four years, Lassie received very decent ratings. However, at the end of the 1958 1959 season, the ratings had fallen out of the top 30 due to the constant turnover in the cast. Once viewers began to warm to Lockhart and Reilly	Reilly	PROPN	as	ADP	 as
Marking a departure from the sound Garbage had established on their first two albums, Beautiful Garbage was written and recorded over the course of a year, during which time lead singer Shirley Manson chronicled their efforts weekly online, becoming one of the first high profile musicians to	to	PART	keep	VERB	 keep
Meanwhile, Renee Perry (Vanessa Williams) attempts to seduce new neighbor Ben Faulkner (Charles Mesure), but he rejects her. Elsewhere, Bree struggles with dating a detective and covering up Alejandro's death. While trying to dispose of Alejandro's car, Bree	Bree	PROPN	and	CCONJ	 and
She was equipped with two steam engines which were supplemented with three schooner rigged masts. The ship's main battery consisted of six 6 inch (15.2 cm) guns and was augmented by an assortment of smaller caliber guns. After her 1891 commissioning, Concord spent the	the	DET	next	ADJ	 next
To achieve this, the American Twentieth Strategic Air Force, in concert with its Allies, dropped 160,800 tons of bombs on the Japanese home islands. Of this total, 147,000 tons of bombs were dropped by the B 29 bomber force. Around 90 percent of the	the	DET	American	ADJ	 American
The apex was the largest single piece of aluminum cast at the time, when aluminum commanded a price comparable to silver. Two years later, the Hall – Héroult process made aluminum easier to produce and the price of aluminum plummeted, making the once valuable apex more	more	ADV	ordinary	ADJ	 ordinary
Ryan was praised for keeping his team competitive after being eliminated from playoff contention and keeping their spirits high throughout the year despite their inconsistency. The Jets opened the 2014 season with a 19 – 14 win over the Oakland Raiders but proceeded to lose their next eight games	games	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
It was # 1 for one week in the US on the Billboard 200, the UK Albums Chart for eleven weeks, and # 1 in Australia for four weeks. Meat Loaf won a Grammy Award for Best Solo Rock Vocal Performance for " I'd Do Anything	Anything	PRON	for	ADP	 for
The battalion completed its initial training at Puckapunyal, during which time Peeler was made acting staff sergeant and Company Quartermaster Sergeant of D Company on 1 August. On 7 April 1941, the 2 / 2nd Pioneer Battalion embarked aboard HMT Queen Mary at Sydney, bound for	for	ADP	the	DET	 the
It is, however, also true of parts of the world where tribal traditions have succumbed to colonialism and the forces of globalism. The dances that one sees today are often part of general movements to preserve and rejuvenate tribal or local traditions. Some of these movements	movements	NOUN	are	AUX	 are
Some reviewers felt that the anime was handled in a frantic and ill planned manner that made the conclusion not satisfactory even with the original video animation. The animation done by Madhouse is considered to be well done. They used bright vibrant colors, solid backgrounds and plenty	plenty	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
In reaction time experiments, most people are slower to identify 0 as even than 2, 4, 6, or 8. Some students of mathematics — and some teachers — think that zero is odd, or both even and odd, or neither. Researchers in	in	ADP	mathematics	PROPN	 mathematics
The renovation of the Old Post Office spurred development of an adjacent plaza, which is linked to a new $80 million residential building called Roberts Tower, the first new residential construction in downtown St. Louis since the 1970s. As early as 1999, the St. Louis	Louis	PROPN	Cardinals	PROPN	 Cardinals
Historian Pauline Maier argued that Adams, far from being a radical mob leader, took a moderate position based on the English revolutionary tradition that imposed strict constraints on resistance to authority. That belief justified force only against threats to the constitutional rights so grave that the "	"	PUNCT	body	NOUN	 body
Montreal: VLB éditeur, collection Études québécoises. Giguère, Michel (2005). La bande dessinée, populaire et méconnue (in French). Cahier de référence du programme de perfectionnement professionnel ALQ. Viau, Michel (1999). BDQ: Répertoire des publications	publications	NOUN	de	ADP	 de
He was also a writer and a poet. Born in the village of Bani Jamra, al Jamri became a Hussaini khatib (Shia preacher) after finishing primary school. At the age of 21, he began his Islamic studies, first in Bahrain and later in	in	ADP	the	DET	 the
Geoffroy's spider monkey can support its weight suspended by its tail and often does so when feeding. The clitoris of female Geoffroy's spider monkeys is large and protrudes, looking like a penis. This organ, called a pendulous clitoris because of the way it dangles	dangles	VERB	externally	ADV	 externally
Hunter speculated that Iran was helping to arm the insurgency in Iraq. When asked what he would do as president if he discovered Iran was developing a nuclear weapon, Hunter stated that he " would authorize the use of tactical nuclear weapons [to end development] if	if	SCONJ	there	PRON	 there
Also, during that time they filmed two speciales: " Artistic Differences " and their " Christmas Special ". In November 2000, S Club 7 were invited to provide the official song for the UK's BBC Children in Need Campaign 2000, so a new song	song	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
The chimneys on the roof are a remarkable feature, faced in vividly coloured ceramic tiles, as is the tall spire in the form of a lantern tower, which is the external termination of the dome within, and is also faced with ceramic tiles and topped with	with	ADP	an	DET	 an
Sandé later wrote two more songs for Lewis, including " I to You " and " Sugar ". A fourth song, " Mountains ", was reclaimed by Sandé and was recorded for her debut album Our Version of Events (2012). With a November	November	PROPN	2011	NUM	 2011
South India has an extensive road network with 20,573 km (12,783 mi) of National Highways and 46,813 km (29,088 mi) of State Highways. The Golden Quadrilateral connects Chennai in the region with Mumbai via Bangalore and Kolkata via Vishakapatnam. Bus services are provided by	by	ADP	state	NOUN	 state
There was going to be a Siberia, U.S.A. set up on a million acres (4,000 km²) in Alaska to send mental patients. They were going to lessen the commitment laws, you could basically get into an argument with somebody and be sent up there.	.	PUNCT	This	PRON	 This
He joined the Navy in 1872 and served in various capacities, including with the new torpedo boats in the 1880s, and in the Reichsmarineamt (Imperial Navy Office) in the 1890s. He eventually reached the rank of Vizeadmiral and held the position of Chief of the	the	DET	Admiralty	PROPN	 Admiralty
The conditions given to the Soviets by the Chinese were the reduction of Soviet military presence in the Sino – Soviet border and the withdrawal of Soviets troops in Afghanistan and the Mongolian People's Republic and to end their support for the Vietnamese invasion of Cambodia. Brezhnev responded	responded	VERB	in	ADP	 in
On 1 October 1995, the division was formally designated the 26th Brigade, 29th Infantry Division. In 2004, the 26th Brigade transitioned into the 26th (Yankee) Infantry Brigade Combat Team. The division received six campaign streamers in World War I and four campaign streamers	streamers	NOUN	in	ADP	 in
In a 2006 interview, Obama highlighted the diversity of his extended family: " It's like a little mini United Nations ", he said. " I've got relatives who look like Bernie Mac, and I've got relatives who look like Margaret Thatcher.	.	PUNCT	"	PUNCT	 "
He scored the lone goal for the Rangers and has now scored at least one goal against all 30 franchises in the NHL. He made his first return to Tampa a week later, a 5 – 4 loss on November 26, during which the Lightning honoured his	his	PRON	tenure	NOUN	 tenure
Their Serbo Croatian names of Osvetnik and Smeli translate as " Avenger " and " Daring " respectively. They had an overall length of 66.5 m (218 ft), a beam of 5.4 m (18 ft), and a surfaced draught of 3.8 m (	(	PUNCT	12	NUM	12
He also opined that Hergé's depiction of South American military juntas was " full of humour " and that the detail was " generally very accurate ". Biographer Benoît Peeters thought that The Broken Ear was a return to " pure adventure " from the " quasi documentary	documentary	NOUN	realism	NOUN	 realism
As Tilden and Bayard rose and fell in the estimation of Democratic voters, Hancock's bid for nomination gathered steam. Some were unsure whether, after eight years of Grant, himself a former general, the party would be wise to give the nomination to another "	"	PUNCT	man	NOUN	 man
" Howard Kramer, curatorial director of the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame and Museum, asserted that " Madonna and the career she carved out for herself made possible virtually every other female pop singer to follow... She certainly raised the standards of all of them...	...	PUNCT	She	PRON	 She
Cassie appears in a photo from the alleyway scenes, as the desert scenes show Brown in " deep contemplation ". The video first aired on The Wendy Williams Show on Friday, November 13, 2009, when Brown was a guest on the show. The video	video	NOUN	opens	VERB	 opens
Samuelson found Confusion to be exemplary of Kuti's " genius " formula, in which he startles musically enraptured listeners with his commentary. Music journalist Peter Shapiro called it a lyrical masterpiece and said that the bridge following the song's " cosmic " introduction is " pretty	pretty	ADV	much	ADV	 much
What it takes to make good TV is a huge coming together of a great many artists. What it takes to make great TV is all that plus a little magic and a little luck. And that ’ s what I feel like we had with this scene	scene	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
Quinn, Tina, Sue, and Coach Roz get a huge surprise when they find out that Becky's boyfriend, Darrell, does not have Down syndrome like Becky does. They all get a big lesson when they confront him and realize that a person with Down	Down	PROPN	syndrome	NOUN	 syndrome
, Vittorio Messori, Patrice de Plunkett, Maggy Whitehouse, Noam Friedlander many of the criticisms against Opus Dei are myths and unproven tales. Allen, Messori, and Plunkett say that most of these myths were created by its opponents, with Allen adding that he perceives	perceives	VERB	that	SCONJ	 that
Nonetheless, England's much smaller population needed less food and the demand for agricultural products fell. The position of the larger landowners became increasingly difficult. Revenues from demesne lands were diminishing as demand remained low and wage costs increased; nobles were also finding it more difficult	difficult	ADJ	to	PART	 to
Later in life, he served as chief and a councilor for the Wasauksing First Nation, and as an activist and leader in several First Nations organizations. He corresponded with and met other noted aboriginal figures including Fred Loft, Jules Sioui, Andrew Paull and John Tootoosis	Tootoosis	PROPN	.	PUNCT	.
Within the 120 km², the effective dose would be up to 13 times greater. " A Department of Veterans ' Affairs study concluded that " Overall, the doses received by Australian participants were small.... Only 2% of participants received more than the current Australian annual	annual	ADJ	dose	NOUN	 dose
Bohr received an invitation from Rutherford to conduct post doctoral work at Victoria University of Manchester, where Bohr met George de Hevesy and Charles Galton Darwin (whom Bohr referred to as " the grandson of the real Darwin "). Bohr returned to Denmark in July 1912	1912	NUM	for	ADP	 for
There are numerous parallels in the concepts in ancient Samkhya, Yoga and Abhidharma Buddhist schools of thought, particularly from 2nd century BCE to 1st century AD, notes Larson. Patanjali's Yoga Sutras is a synthesis of these three traditions. From Samkhya, Yoga Sutras adopt	adopt	VERB	the	DET	 the
He played his freshman season of college for the 2014 – 15 Duke national championship team. Okafor was heavily recruited since before high school and had been at the top of the recruiting rankings for several years. He played high school basketball in Chicago, Illinois for Whitney	Whitney	PROPN	M.	PROPN	 M.
It is generally regarded as a high point in Chinese civilization, and a golden age of cosmopolitan culture. Its territory, acquired through the military campaigns of its early rulers, rivaled that of the Han dynasty, and the Tang capital at Chang ' an (present	present	ADJ	day	NOUN	 day
A crucial maneuver in Crash Team Racing is the power slide; the player executes the slide by holding down one of the shoulder buttons to perform a hop, and steering before the kart lands. While sliding, the " Turbo Boost Meter " on the lower right	right	ADJ	corner	NOUN	 corner
, for building the modern city of Ashdod. The building of the Eshkol A power station in Ashdod was completed in 1958 and included 3 units: 2 units of 50 megawatt, and one unit of 45 megawatt (with sea water desalination capabilities). The first	first	ADJ	local	ADJ	 local
As a result, the F 5 G's sales potential remained unestablished. In the summer of 1982, Deputy Secretary of Defense Frank Carlucci sent a memorandum to the Air Force and Navy, encouraging them to seek out potential foreign customers to procure FX aircraft. However	However	ADV	,	PUNCT	,
The two settlements are primarily residential, and are, for large proportions of their residents, dormitory towns for Bristol. The station has two platforms, separated by two running lines. The line runs on a slight curve through the station, at an angle of roughly	roughly	ADV	067	NUM	 067
Characters can level up their stats — which include jump height and speed — by completing optional goals in a level; this adds an element of role playing gameplay. Other gameplay modes include multiplayer minigames — one, a combat mode called " Firefight ", can be	be	AUX	played	VERB	 played
Cracks laced the eastern face of the mountain while underground fissures allowed water to flow into the mountain's core. Local Indigenous peoples of the area, the Blackfoot and Ktunaxa, had oral traditions referring to the peak as " the mountain that moves. " Miners noticed	noticed	VERB	the	DET	 the
Ewes generally reach sexual maturity at six to eight months of age, and rams generally at four to six (ram lambs have occasionally been known to impregnate their mothers at two months). Ewes enter into estrus cycles about every 17 days, which last for approximately	approximately	ADV	30	NUM	 30
The timing seemed right, since the evacuation of Fort Crawford appeared to be a sign of American weakness. Another grievance was the news that some Ho Chunk women had been sexually assaulted by American riverboat crews along the Mississippi River, although this story, like the one	one	NUM	about	ADP	 about
Blood Sugar Sex Magik was released on September 24, 1991, the same day as Nirvana's breakthrough album Nevermind. It was certified gold just over two months later on November 26, 1991, and certified platinum on April 1, 1992; since then it has	has	AUX	gone	VERB	 gone
Bottles and bricks can be thrown to distract, stun, or attack enemies. The game features a crafting system, allowing players to upgrade weapons at workbenches using collected items. Equipment such as health kits and Molotov cocktails can be found or crafted using collected items.	.	PUNCT	Physical	ADJ	 Physical
The Dallas Morning News described " Blood on the Dance Floor " as an angry tale of a back stabbing woman and Michael Saunders of The Boston Globe described it as " a middling dance funk cut ". Anthony Violenti of The Buffalo News said of the single,	,	PUNCT	"	PUNCT	 "
There, he interrogated a captive Matabele, the son of an inDuna (tribal leader), who said that the king was indeed where Wilson had gone, and was ill (the exact ailment was not known for sure, the prisoner said, but was suspected	suspected	VERB	to	PART	 to
The digital composition of the film, including the scene where the battle of Spider Man and Electro in Times Square, took one year to complete. The sets of Times Square were built in Gold Coast Studios with the green screens and most of the scenes were digitally	digitally	ADV	re	AUX	 re
Jewish law requires that the circumcision leave the glans bare when the penis is flaccid. Converts to Conservative and Orthodox Judaism must also be circumcised; those who are already circumcised undergo a symbolic circumcision ritual. Circumcision is not required by Judaism for one to be considered Jewish	Jewish	ADJ	,	PUNCT	,
The system gradually became better organized, and Dvorak classifications began early on September 5. Based on the development of a closed surface circulation, it is estimated the system developed into Tropical Depression Thirteen early on September 6. Hours later, it intensified into Tropical Storm Isabel	Isabel	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
Many contradictions are seen in her lifestyle (a lesbian who sexually serviced men, claim of being asexual, confusion), a rejection of queer culture, and a non interest in working with others despite a co dependency on others. Fahs also brings into question the	the	DET	contradictory	ADJ	 contradictory
The oceanographic research voyage known as the Challenger Expedition, 1872 – 76, explored Antarctic waters for several weeks, but did not approach the land itself; its research, however, proved the existence of an Antarctic continent beyond reasonable doubt. The impetus for what would	would	AUX	become	AUX	 become
According to a Scientology publication, Moxon utilized Scientology doctrine to bring about the demise of the Cult Awareness Network. The publication, authored by Scientology official Kurt Weiland, stated: " A civil case was filed by the victim against [Rick] Ross and the Cult	Cult	PROPN	Awareness	PROPN	 Awareness
The book focuses on Flower's life and the story of the Whiskers, tracing how the group started, providing a timeline of Flower's life, and detailing all of the pups she had over her lifetime, as well as their current locations. The book also	also	ADV	gives	VERB	 gives
Sahure is also known to have constructed a sun temple called " The Field of Ra ", and although it is yet to be located it is presumably in Abusir as well. Excavations at the pyramid of Sahure in Abusir under the direction of Miroslav Verner and Tarek	Tarek	PROPN	El	PROPN	 El
She thinks Luis is Diana's fiancée, but fails to reunite them, despite several attempts, before he returns. Liz joins Diana and Brian to sail the ship back to Harmony. Upon returning to Harmony on Christmas Eve, Brian reveals his identity as Antonio Lopez	Lopez	PROPN	Fitzgerald	PROPN	 Fitzgerald
Clinton was previously Governor of Arkansas from 1979 to 1981 and 1983 to 1992, and the Arkansas Attorney General from 1977 to 1979. A member of the Democratic Party, ideologically Clinton was a New Democrat, and many of his policies reflected a centrist " Third Way	Way	NOUN	"	PUNCT	 "
She is a member of the U.S. Olympic Committee, and has served as a volunteer for the U.S. Olympic Alumni Association since 2004. She is also a veteran celebrity swimmer for Swim Across America (SAA), a charitable organization that uses former Olympic swimmers to raise	raise	VERB	funds	NOUN	 funds
" Mike Shuttleworth, reviewer for The Age, said that Lat often achieved humour in this book by illustrating the scene contrary to what was described. Stevenson agreed, highlighting a scene in which Mat spoke of how his mother tenderly fed him porridge; the illustration,	,	PUNCT	however	ADV	 however
The nation's Department of Health distributed ₱ 547,469 worth of medicine to four provinces. The government airlifted about 3,000 bags of supplies to Cagayan that included rice and canned goods. The back to back storm impacts caused an estimated 30% drop in coconut exports. Food	Food	NOUN	prices	NOUN	 prices
This species is almost identical to the draughtsboard shark (C. isabellum) of New Zealand; the two species differ in coloration and the form of their egg cases (ridged in C. laticeps versus smooth in C. isabellum). The Australian swellshark has a stocky, rounded	rounded	ADJ	body	NOUN	 body
Sociologist Levon Baghdasaryan described it as " unification of the new and old nomenklaturas. " The British Helsinki Human Rights Group wrote of the Unity bloc that it " aimed to appeal to the electorate by being all things to all men. " The ODIHR suggested that the	the	DET	"	PUNCT	 "
In 2007, Bruichladdich Radical competed in the entire LMS season. Having retired at the opening event, the 1000 km of Monza, the team took a ninth place overall finish and third in class at the 1000 km of Valencia; in the latter race, Greaves	Greaves	PROPN	and	CCONJ	 and
The business route then ran due south along Seaway Drive, exiting Muskegon at Sherman Drive and crossing onto a section of the Norton Shores – Muskegon Heights city line. South of Norton Avenue, Seaway Drive turned eastward along the southern edge of Muskegon Heights. BS I	I	PRON	96	NUM	 96
It was probably not the first carousel in the park, as there are indications of a previous ride that came from Hartford, Connecticut. Nothing is known of the history of the animals before their installation in the 1917 carousel assembly. During the 1960s newspaper reports stated	stated	VERB	that	SCONJ	 that
He was a member of the Board of Experts of the Italian Ministry of Education, University and Scientific Research. He was awarded the Frank J. Maher Award for Excellence in Engineering Education (2005) and an ASME diploma (2005) expressing " deep appreciation for the	the	DET	valuable	ADJ	 valuable
" Douglas Holtz Eakin, CBO director during the George W. Bush administration, who later served as the chief economic policy adviser to U.S. Senator John McCain's 2008 presidential campaign, alleged that the bill would increase the deficit by $562 billion because, he argued,	,	PUNCT	it	PRON	 it
As of April 2016, sales are led by the United States with 94,720 Volts delivered, followed by Canada with 6,117 units sold. The Netherlands is the leading Ampera market with 4,947 units registered as of December 2015. Ranking next is the Mitsubishi Outlander P HEV with	with	ADP	almost	ADV	 almost
Their reasons were twofold: firstly, Garfield and Blaine believed that increasing trade with Latin America would be the best way to keep Great Britain from dominating the region. Secondly, by encouraging exports, they believed they could increase American prosperity, and by doing so position	position	VERB	the	DET	 the
The episode was broadcast on BBC One on 26 April 2008. The episode and its sequel, " The Poison Sky ", were written by Helen Raynor, who previously wrote the linked episodes " Daleks in Manhattan " and " Evolution of the Daleks " in the	the	DET	third	ADJ	 third
Shots Fired In Anger: A rifleman's view of the war in the Pacific, 1942 – 1945, including the campaign on Guadalcanal and fighting with Merrill's Marauders in the jungles of Burma. National Rifle Association. ISBN 0 935998 42 X. Gilbert, Oscar E.	E.	PROPN	(	PUNCT	 (
Antananarivo is one of the two urban areas in Madagascar where bubonic plague is endemic. These problems were diminished but not eliminated under the mayoral administration of Marc Ravalomanana, who prioritized sanitation, security and public administration. He obtained funds from international donors to establish garbage collection	collection	NOUN	and	CCONJ	 and
At this point Alvarado's force consisted of 250 Spanish infantry accompanied by 6,000 indigenous allies, mostly Kaqchikel and Cholutec. Alvarado and his army defeated and occupied the most important Xinca city, named as Atiquipaque, usually considered to be in the Taxisco area. The defending	defending	VERB	warriors	NOUN	 warriors
FBI director J. Edgar Hoover designed President Truman's loyalty security program, and its background investigations of employees were carried out by FBI agents. This was a major assignment that led to the number of agents in the Bureau being increased from 3,559 in 1946 to 7,029 in	in	ADP	1952	NUM	 1952
Leaving there on 21 July, they made it to Portugal; from there, aboard HMS Scottish, to Gibraltar; and then by air to RAF Hendon in north London, arriving on 3 August 1943. Rejewski and Zygalski were inducted as privates into the Polish Armed	Armed	PROPN	Forces	PROPN	 Forces
When the Afghan intelligence service handed Amin a report that the Soviet Union would invade the country and topple him, Amin claimed the report was a product of imperialism. His view can be explained by the fact that the Soviet Union, after several months, finally gave	gave	VERB	in	ADP	 in
Through the organization of imperial circles (Reichskreise), groups of states consolidated resources and promoted regional and organizational interests, including economic cooperation and military protection. The War of the Second Coalition (1799 – 1802) resulted in the defeat of the imperial and allied forces	forces	NOUN	by	ADP	 by
It was filmed in Los Angeles on Thursday and Friday, September 1 and 2, 2005 and features Jermaine Dupri as the video's secondary artist, while Michael Ealy, plays Carey's love interest at the club. The main setting is a nightclub where Carey slips	slips	VERB	her	PRON	 her
A total of eight hours of track time was allowed for teams to find their set ups and for rookie drivers to get in their required ten laps to learn the circuit. The sessions were led by Sébastien Bourdais, with his Peugeot 908 HDi FAP setting a lap	lap	NOUN	time	NOUN	 time
A year later the US edition was selected as an American Library Association Notable Book, a Publishers Weekly Best Book of 1998, and a New York Public Library 1998 Best Book of the Year, and won Parenting Magazine's Book of the Year Award for 1998,	,	PUNCT	the	DET	 the
He led the AA in earned run average (ERA) in his first MLB season, and then in strikeouts two seasons later. In the years spanning from 1890 through 1896, he posted 20 or more victories in a season six times; two in which he	he	PRON	won	VERB	 won
As production of F 105s had ended, the type was replaced in the Vietnam War by other aircraft, primarily the McDonnell Douglas F 4 Phantom II. In October 1970, the 355th Tactical Fighter Wing, based at Takhli RTAFB, Thailand, the last F 105D	105D	PROPN	unit	NOUN	 unit
The onset of seizure depends upon the partial pressure of oxygen in the breathing gas and exposure duration. However, exposure time before onset is unpredictable, as tests have shown a wide variation, both amongst individuals, and in the same individual from day to day.	.	PUNCT	In	ADP	 In
"; he and Beryl spent the rest of the year resting in Norfolk, in temporary retirement. Formby was tempted back to work by the theatrical impresario Emile Littler, who offered him the lead role of Percy Piggott in Zip Goes a Million, a play based	based	VERB	on	ADP	 on
Gretzky is also a partner in First Team Sports, a maker of sports equipment and Worldwide Roller Hockey, Inc., an operator of roller hockey rinks. Gretzky's appeal as a product endorser far surpassed that of other hockey players of his era. By 1995,	,	PUNCT	he	PRON	 he
She had a mean draft of 19 feet (5.8 m) and displaced between 3,474 long tons (3,530 t). Her crew numbered 12 officers and 296 men. The ship had two horizontal compound steam engines, each driving a single propeller, with steam provided	provided	VERB	by	ADP	 by
She posted two half centuries in the first four matches, resulting in eight wicket wins over Queensland and Western Australia respectively. She then made fifties in each of the last three round robin matches. This included 60 and 53 against Victoria in the last two games,	,	PUNCT	which	PRON	 which
However, biking and walking was still allowed, and the old highway is now a 1.5 mile (2.4 km) long trail known as " Old Route 30 ". The trail is not maintained; thus, the quality of the blacktop along Old Route 30 has	has	AUX	deteriorated	VERB	 deteriorated
He was a fan of good quality food and drink, and frequented a number of restaurants. Known for his battered, tatty attire, Childe always wore his wide brimmed black hat, which he had purchased from a hatter in Jermyn Street, central London, as	as	ADV	well	ADV	 well
Further changes included the addition of a light anti aircraft regiment at divisional level, and a reorganisation of the divisional artillery from three four battery regiments consisting of 16 guns to three two battery regiments of 12 guns. An AIF corps headquarters, designated I Corps, was	was	AUX	formed	VERB	 formed
Gaga and her team spent a lot of time creating the rhythm of the song. At first people involved in the production were not sure of Gaga's idea behind the composition, and hence it went through a lot of changes, but kept the chorus as constant	constant	ADJ	since	SCONJ	 since
The following season, Groth started things off with a victory in an early appearance against the Dallas Eagles where he allowed only four hits. He finished the season with an 8 – 8 record and a 5.37 ERA. In 1954, Groth improved his pitching, finishing	finishing	VERB	the	DET	 the
These early scientific texts described and illustrated the hybrids as though they were real creatures, but by the end of the 18th century scientists generally rejected the idea of horned hares as a biological species. References to horned rabbits may originate in sightings of rabbits affected by the	the	DET	Shope	PROPN	 Shope
" Once admitted as an ALB degree candidate, students must successfully complete 128 credits (Harvard courses are typically 4 credits each) and maintain good academic standing (3.0 GPA) to meet graduation requirements. Upon admission into the ALB program, students may petition to transfer	transfer	VERB	up	ADP	 up
The first act of the new management team of Brown and Archie Knox was to re instate Jim Leighton. Aberdeen failed to produce better results under Craig Brown's tenure, and in March 2013 announced his retirement to take up a non executive director role on the club	club	NOUN	's	PART	's
Born into a position of privilege (his godfather became William III of England not long after his birth, and his father Gilbert Burnet was later Bishop of Salisbury), Burnet was well educated, tutored among others by Isaac Newton. Active for most of his life	life	NOUN	in	ADP	 in
By Fauré's standards this was a time of unusually prolific output. The préludes were composed in 1909 and 1910, in the middle of the period in which he wrote the opera Pénélope, barcarolles Nos. 8 – 11 and nocturnes Nos. 9 – 11.	.	PUNCT	In	ADP	 In
Dunglass was appointed a director of the Bank of Scotland in 1946, and although he never considered banking as a long term occupation he gained valuable first hand experience in commerce and finance. He remained with the bank until 1951. In 1950, Clement Attlee, the	the	DET	Labour	PROPN	 Labour
The Gila monster lacks the musculature to forcibly inject the venom; instead, the venom is propelled from the gland to the tooth by chewing. Capillary action brings the venom out of the tooth and into the victim. The teeth are loosely anchored, which allows them	them	PRON	to	PART	 to
The tribe argued that the 1960 act created the trust and authorized damages. The Supreme Court affirmed the appellate court, holding that the federal government used the property it held in trust, and that it therefore had a duty to maintain the property. Justice Ginsburg issued	issued	VERB	a	DET	 a
If a vertex can reach itself via a nontrivial path (a path with one or more edges), then that path is a cycle, so another way to define directed acyclic graphs is that they are the graphs in which no vertex can reach itself via a	a	DET	nontrivial	ADJ	 nontrivial
In 2011, the song was included in the National Recording Registry. Byrd received a Grammy Hall of Fame Award for this song. The song was listed among the 500 Songs That Shaped Rock in 1994 by the Rock ad Roll Hall of Fame. The song was	was	AUX	also	ADV	 also
The creation and awarding of battle honours came completely under RAN control. A complete overhaul of the RAN battle honours system was unvelied on 1 March 2010, to celebrate the navy's 109th anniversary of creation. New honours were created for operations during the 1990s and 2000s	2000s	NUM	—	PUNCT	 —
" Illudoids from Omphalotus olivascens and Clitocybe subilludens ". Mycologia 75: 920 – 922. 1984 [May 1986]. Samuels GJ, Rogerson CT. " New ascomycetes from Amazonas ". Acta Amazonica 14 (1 / 2 Suppl.): 81 – 93.	.	PUNCT	1984	NUM	 1984
He was invited to present a live astronomy programme and said the greatest difficulty was finding an appropriate theme tune; the opening of Jean Sibelius's Pelléas et Mélisande was chosen and used throughout the programme's existence. The programme was originally named Star Map before The Sky	Sky	PROPN	at	ADP	 at
The group visited Japan and Europe before a US and Canadian tour in January and February 2008 during which fans could vote for songs they wanted to hear by using a " voting widget " on the blog page of the Super Furries ' American record label, Beggars Banquet	Banquet	PROPN	US	PROPN	 US
The university has also pledged to meet LEED certification standards for all new construction. In July 2009, the University completed construction of a $13.3 million recycling center, and hopes to double their 2008 recycling rate of 14% by 2010. The construction of Brody Hall	Hall	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
Liverpool has been described as a global brand; a 2010 report valued the club's trademarks and associated intellectual property at £141 m, an increase of £5 m on the previous year. Liverpool was given a brand rating of AA (Very Strong).	.	PUNCT	In	ADP	 In
By early afternoon, the Union XI Corps had arrived, and the Union position was in a semicircle from west to north of the town. The Confederate Second Corps under Lt. Gen. Richard S. Ewell began a massive assault from the north, with Maj. Gen.	Gen.	PROPN	Robert	PROPN	 Robert
After boys ' schools reopened, the Taliban lifted restrictions on girls ' primary education, where there was co education. Girls only schools were still closed. Yousafzai wrote that only 70 pupils attended, out of 700 pupils who were enrolled. On 15 February, gunshots	gunshots	NOUN	could	AUX	 could
Following these failures, Percy fed Tarrare large quantities of soft boiled eggs, but this also failed to suppress his appetite. Efforts to keep him on any kind of controlled diet failed; he would sneak out of the hospital to scavenge for offal outside butchers ' shops	shops	NOUN	and	CCONJ	 and
Other traditions include Batik Kuningan influenced by batik Cirebon, batik Banten that developed quite independently, and an older tradition of batik Baduy. Batik Banten employs bright pastel colours and represents a revival of a lost art from the Sultanate of Banten, rediscovered through archaeological work during	during	ADP	2002	NUM	 2002
RKO became the first major studio to produce for television with Talk Fast, Mister, a one hour drama filmed at RKO Pathé studios in New York and broadcast by the DuMont network's New York station, WABD, on December 18, 1944. In collaboration with	with	ADP	Mexican	ADJ	 Mexican
Dastmalchi mailed Forrest his bracelet. Ted Forrest also reported that three of his five bracelets have been stolen over the years, and that he gave his daughter one. In November 2010, Peter Eastgate put his main event bracelet up for auction on eBay with a starting	starting	NOUN	bid	NOUN	 bid
He eventually performed a significant number of the film's stunts himself, including hand to hand combat and climbing the safe house walls near the film's conclusion. From the onset of filming, difficulties with the studio slowed the film's development and caused a rift between	between	ADP	the	DET	 the
Among Uranian moons Umbriel was least subjected to endogenic resurfacing processes, although it may like other Uranian moons have experienced a very early resurfacing event. So far the only close up images of Umbriel have been from the Voyager 2 probe, which photographed the moon during its	its	PRON	flyby	NOUN	 flyby
Consequently, Sherburne decided to delay crossing the river, and sent word back to Montreal requesting further assistance. Sherburne decided to advance on May 20. Some of his men were apparently suffering from the aftereffects of smallpox, so these were left behind. Sherburne landed about	about	ADP	100	NUM	 100
The massive North Korean assaults were unsuccessful in forcing the United Nations troops back further from the perimeter, despite two major pushes in August and September. North Korean troops, hampered by supply shortages and massive losses, continually staged attacks on UN forces in an attempt to	to	PART	penetrate	VERB	 penetrate
Johnson left Washington, D.C. just before Congress adjourned. He raised one thousand men, nominally part of the militia brigade under Kentucky Governor Isaac Shelby, but largely operating independently. He disciplined his men, required that every man have arms in prime condition and ready to	to	PART	hand	VERB	 hand
Thucydides provides just one example of the use of force to extend membership of the League, but since his account seems to be selective, there were presumably more; certainly, Plutarch provides details of one such instance. Karystos, which had collaborated with the Persians during	during	ADP	the	DET	 the
In his first three games he shot 25 for 30 on his field goal attempts. He was again named ACC Freshman of the Week on November 24 and December 1. He had his first two 20 point performances in the Coaches vs. Cancer Classic with 24 points against	against	ADP	Furman	PROPN	 Furman
1765 – 4 January 1858) was an officer of the Royal Navy who saw service during the American War of Independence and the French Revolutionary and Napoleonic Wars, eventually rising to the rank of Admiral. Downman spent most of the American War of Independence as a midshipman	midshipman	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
Both these buildings were also built in concrete and exist to this day. The school was built to a northern hemisphere design and has windows on the south side only to stop children from becoming distracted, but the windows are on the wrong side to utilise the sun	sun	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
But director Pat Shinagawa said that there was a certain amount of jealousy among the crew that she got to work on this episode. All of the living members of the original Star Trek cast agreed to appear in the episode with the exception of James Doohan, whose	whose	DET	agent	NOUN	 agent
" For the 29th Annual Grammy Awards, Control received four nominations: Album of the Year, Best R & B Song for " What Have You Done for Me Lately ", Best Female R & B Vocal Performance and Non Classical Producer of the Year for Jimmy	Jimmy	PROPN	Jam	PROPN	 Jam
Silent Hill 2 features six endings, all presented as equally possible; Konami has kept their canonicity ambiguous. In " Leave ", James has one last meeting with Mary, reads her letter, and leaves the town with Laura. " In Water " sees James	James	PROPN	commit	VERB	 commit
The Doctor is surprised when, rather than exterminate him as he expects, the Daleks ask him for help. The Dalek Prime Minister explains that they have a planet known as the Asylum - which the Parliament is currently orbiting - where they keep battle scarred Daleks that	that	PRON	have	AUX	 have
Although the Code was adopted in 1930, oversight was poor and it did not become rigorously enforced until July 1, 1934, with the establishment of the PCA. Before that date, movie content was restricted more by local laws, negotiations between the Studio Relations Committee	Committee	PROPN	(	PUNCT	 (
On July 2, 2014, NASA reported the ocean inside Titan may be as salty as the Dead Sea. On September 3, 2014, NASA reported studies suggesting methane rainfall on Titan may interact with a layer of icy materials underground, called an " alkanofer,	,	PUNCT	"	PUNCT	 "
In an effort to promote the Protestant Reformation, he hoped to distribute Tyndale and Frithe's Bible in Dundee. Lord Gray and the Master of Ruthven continued to bargain for the surrender of Perth in December 1547, but the English never secured the town. Dudley was	was	AUX	assisted	VERB	 assisted
This is a charming place; buildings good but in some part scattered; streets very wide and beautified with trees on each side; some very pretty residences; a great deal of taste displayed. We have a fine view of the river both up and down.	.	PUNCT	The	DET	 The
The most common oxide is the volatile colourless Re2O7. Rhenium trioxide ReO3 adopts a perovskite like structure. Other oxides include Re2O5, ReO2, and Re2O3. The sulfides are ReS2 and Re2S7. Perrhenate salts can be converted to tetrathioperrhenate by the action of ammonium hydrosulfide.	.	PUNCT	Rhenium	NOUN	 Rhenium
And even though the amount of text is nowhere near as large as that of PS: T, the quality is right up there with the big boys, with even the most insignificant ally having at least one or two interesting things to say. " The expansion	expansion	NOUN	's	PART	's
" By 1796 every student at Harvard was given a copy of Bishop Watson's rebuttal of The Age of Reason. In 1815, Parson Weems, an early American novelist and moralist, published God's Revenge Against Adultery, in which one of the major characters "	"	PUNCT	owed	VERB	 owed
He breaks down in agony, and Madame Morrible surmises that Elphaba's powers were so strong because she was a child of two worlds. Glinda orders the Wizard to leave Oz and sends Madame Morrible to prison for murdering Nessarose. Meanwhile, back at the castle,	,	PUNCT	Fiyero	PROPN	 Fiyero
The brown Oldenburg gelding was born March 21, 1983, bred by Karl Bernd Westerholt of Lemwerder, Germany. His sire was Welt As and his dam was Warine (his dam's sire was Praefectus xx). Van Grunsven first met Bonfire when he was two	two	NUM	and	CCONJ	 and
6 Mount Street, where the magistrates are assembled. They consider the Civil Power wholly inadequate to preserve the peace. I have the honour, & c. Wm. Hulton. The notes were handed to two horsemen who were standing by. The Manchester and Salford Yeomanry	Yeomanry	PROPN	were	AUX	 were
After the show ended, several media outlets reported that Madonna may have been drunk during the performance; however, Madonna blasted these reports, by responding: " Thanks for supporting me. Too bad people don't know the art of acting and playing a character.	.	PUNCT	I	PRON	 I
Claudius switches tactics, proposing a fencing match between Laertes and Hamlet to settle their differences. Laertes will be given a poison tipped foil, and Claudius will offer Hamlet poisoned wine as a congratulation if that fails. Gertrude interrupts to report that Ophelia has drowned, though	though	SCONJ	it	PRON	 it
One of the men, Superintendent Charles Pearson, had a fractured spine; he died six months after the siege as a result of his injuries. After shoring up the building, the firemen resumed their search of the premises. At around 6: 30 pm the	the	DET	second	ADJ	 second
In late 1941, the nationalists contacted the Italians and offered to help them fight the communists, who had since been renamed Partisans. The nationalists — including Đurišić, who was popular in his own Vasojević clan of northern Montenegro — subsequently withdrew into the hinterland. They	They	PRON	sought	VERB	 sought
Mohammed's funeral was held in Bannu before the soldier's body was transported to his hometown, Mansehra. ISPR director general Major General Asim Saleem Bajwa said, " We salute the courage and bravery of Niak Fiaz Shaheed. " A Pakistani soldier from Azad Kashmir was	was	AUX	killed	VERB	 killed
Selfe criticised the classical liberal arts education offered at the University of Sydney as elitist. In his 1888 address to Sydney Technical College students on prize night, he again caused affront to the establishment when he called for greater diversity of educational opportunities in the colony: [	[	X	I	X	I
In an interview, Barwood commented that the development team should have thought about the story more thoroughly beforehand, calling it insensitive and not regretting the cancellation of the title. Another follow up game called Indiana Jones and the Spear of Destiny was planned, which revolved around	around	ADP	the	DET	 the
The more severe the brain trauma is, the more likely a person is to suffer late PTE. Evidence suggests that mild head injuries do not confer an increased risk of developing PTE, while more severe types do. In simple mild TBI, the risk for PTE	PTE	PROPN	is	AUX	 is
The arms are bordered by oak branches on the left and olive branches on the right. The sash is worn diagonally, over the right shoulder, and is fastened using a square clasp trimmed with golden Croatian interlace. The sash is adorned with the arms used on	on	ADP	the	DET	 the
After a run of nearly two years the novelty wore off, and Leno lost interest. The paper shut down on 2 December 1899. A journalist wrote, in the late 1890s, that Leno was " probably the highest paid funny man in the world ".	.	PUNCT	In	ADP	 In
in the 1982 film Airplane II: The Sequel. The music video " I Lost on Jeopardy ", a parody of Greg Kihn's 1983 hit song " Jeopardy ", was released by " Weird Al " Yankovic in 1984, a few months before Trebek's	's	PART	version	NOUN	 version
The Dark exists within a person as negative energy that unleashes the individual's latent power. Throughout the story, many individuals crave the powers of the Dark, which centers around the abandoned city of Leá Monde. Another mythological aspect of Vagrant Story is the Kiltia,	,	PUNCT	an	DET	 an
The genus Delichon is a recent divergence from the barn swallow genus Hirundo, and its three members are similar in appearance with blue upperparts, a contrasting white rump, and whitish underparts. In the past, the common house martin was sometimes considered to be conspecific with	with	ADP	the	DET	 the
Benedetto stayed in Germany as part of the occupying force, but was assigned to an informal Special Services band unit that would entertain nearby American forces. His dining with a black friend from high school – at a time when the Army was still racially segregated – led	led	VERB	to	ADP	 to
While developing the character, Parker noted that everyone either remembers " an annoying fat kid in their pasts ", or " they were the annoying fat kid ". Stone has observed that " kids are not nice, innocent, flower loving little rainbow children [...	...	X	]	PUNCT	]
The surge damages boardwalks along the coast, and wave action causes over 2 feet (0.6 m) of beach erosion. In addition to the flooding, Tropical Storm Tammy spawned one tornado. Rated an F0 tornado, it touched down near Brunswick, Georgia were it	it	PRON	snapped	VERB	 snapped
" It sold over 23,000 copies on its first day of release and peaked at number two on the Oricon charts, eventually selling over 200,000 copies total and certified gold by the RIAJ. Japanese promotions began with a performance at 2012's Springroove Festival alongside top American and	and	CCONJ	Japanese	ADJ	 Japanese
" It's a reminder of the time when stunts and special effects were integrated into stories, rather than the other way around. " Ebert later called The Mask of Zorro " probably the best Zorro movie ever made. " Despite giving credit to Anthony Hopkins for	for	ADP	his	PRON	 his
The area built by the Germans falls into the part of Qingdao known today as Shinan District. Shinan is a center for political, business and finance activities, and is home to investment from an increasing number of Fortune 500 companies. To facilitate urban planning, it	it	PRON	is	AUX	 is
The collapsed part of the south wall also formerly contained an early 13th century style double lancet window. The original structure, of a type known as a hall house, was probably of two or three storeys, comprising a first floor hall over an unvaulted basement,	,	PUNCT	and	CCONJ	 and
While Marla is a seductive and negativist prospect for the narrator, he instead embraces the novelty and excitement that comes with befriending Tyler Durden. The narrator is comfortable being personally connected to Tyler Durden, but he becomes jealous when Tyler becomes sexually involved with Marla. When	When	SCONJ	the	DET	 the
The Nemesis appears in a 1999 Hong Kong manhua adaptation of Resident Evil 3 by Lee Chung Hing, Biohazard 3: Last Escape, which is named after the game's Japanese title. The 27 issue series adds to the Nemesis ' backstory, detailing its origin by	by	ADP	showing	VERB	 showing
During the reign of King Stanislaus Augustus (r. 1764 – 1795), a white and red cockade came into use alongside the plain white one. In 1791, the Military Commission introduced a metal cross pattée as a more durable alternative to the cockade. However,	,	PUNCT	many	ADJ	 many
Meanwhile, Megan has to relive the death of her father, when her mother Joan (Joanna Cassidy) visits. The episode received positive reviews, and was watched by 9.95 million viewers, according to Nielsen ratings, on the Tuesday night it aired in the United	United	PROPN	States	PROPN	 States
VideoGamer.com's Chris Schilling called it one of the best Zelda games, praising its motion controls, narrative and treatment of series tradition. Following its release, Skyward Sword won numerous awards. At IGN's " Best of 2011 " awards, it was awarded " Best	Best	PROPN	Game	PROPN	 Game
Regarding his similarity to his character, he said he is " hopefully very different but maybe at the root of it we're the same person. I'm probably a little smarter than the character though. Maybe the things that he thinks I also think but I	I	PRON	'm	AUX	'm
Historian James C. Klotter has speculated that, had John C. Breckinridge's father, Cabell, lived, he would have steered his son to the Whig Party and the Union, rather than the Democratic Party and the Confederacy, but the Kentucky Secretary of State and former	former	ADJ	Speaker	PROPN	 Speaker
The fundraising campaign was successful; donations from more than 40 patrons, including major contributions from the Ford Family Foundation and the Oregon Arts Commission, made purchase of the sculpture possible. Angkor I has been called a " recognizable icon " and a " gateway " to	to	ADP	the	DET	 the
He was prepared to be loaned or even transferred away to find first team football, but when Louis van Gaal was appointed manager, both players became fixtures in the Bayern first team from the start of the season. In the first few matches Müller was a regular	regular	ADJ	substitute	NOUN	 substitute
Sufficient initial stability may allow immediate loading with prosthetic reconstruction. The relevance of primary implant stability decreases gradually with regrowth of bone tissue around the implant in the first weeks after surgery, leading to secondary stability. Secondary stability is different from the initial stabilization, because it	it	PRON	results	VERB	 results
British Railways was rebranded British Rail on 1 January 1965. On 10 June 1986, Network SouthEast branded trains began operating. On 1 January 1994, the Railways Act 1993 came into force, privatising British Rail. Passenger services were taken over by Connex South Eastern on	on	ADP	13	NUM	 13
Filmed all around the world, its central theme focuses on hunting and the interaction between man and animal. More specifically, the film documents various forms of hunting that can be found in the world and how humans and animals can both become the hunter or prey.	.	PUNCT	Like	ADP	 Like
Blacktip sharks showing curiosity towards divers has been reported, but they remain at a safe distance. Under most circumstances, these timid sharks are not regarded as highly dangerous to humans. However, they may become aggressive in the presence of food, and their size and	and	CCONJ	speed	NOUN	 speed
West's mother, Dr. Donda C. (Williams) West, was a professor of English at Clark Atlanta University, and the Chair of the English Department at Chicago State University before retiring to serve as his manager. West was raised in a middle class background,	,	PUNCT	attending	VERB	 attending
Ossian became a common subject for Scottish artists, and works were undertaken by Alexander Runciman and David Allan among others. This period saw a shift in attitudes to the Highlands and mountain landscapes in general, from viewing them as hostile, empty regions occupied by backwards and	and	CCONJ	marginal	ADJ	 marginal
It continues to attract its share of visitors although the local authorities have been continually adding new restrictions on access. Gerlachovský štít means the " Peak (of the village) of Gerlachov ". The Slovak colloquial name is Gerlach. The Polish names are Gerlach or Gierlach	Gierlach	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
The restoration fund was also supported by the actors Sir Peter Hall, Sir Donald Sinden and Richard Briers, and Dame Judi Dench, Jeremy Irons and others have subsequently made donations. The restoration work was undertaken by Donald Insall Associates. The temple was reopened to the	the	DET	public	NOUN	 public
With no producer in line to work with, she continued to compose songs with 808 State member Graham Massey in a friend's home in Manchester where she would write songs that would be included on later albums, including " Army of Me " and " The Modern	Modern	PROPN	Things	PROPN	 Things
If a player fails to match the notes, their performance meter drops. If the meter empties, that player is forced to drop out of play, which in turn causes the band's overall performance to drop. Any player to drop out can be " saved	saved	VERB	"	PUNCT	 "
Made of local marble, it has an intricately carved stem flanked by four columns topped with delicate leaf like capitals and roll mouldings, ornamentation uncommon on a Norman era font. Its form is otherwise typical: a deep square bowl supported by a wide central column and	and	CCONJ	four	NUM	 four
In her weekly blog for TV Guide, actress Kate Flannery stated that it " was a really fun episode " to film, as she was able to work with a variety of new actors. She added, " They double the size and they double the comedy	comedy	NOUN	...	PUNCT	...
The impact of sickle cell trait on malaria immunity illustrates some evolutionary trade offs that have occurred because of endemic malaria. Sickle cell trait causes a change in the hemoglobin molecule in the blood. Normally, red blood cells have a very flexible, biconcave shape that allows	allows	VERB	them	PRON	 them
O'Reilly claimed that in containing the opposition batsmen, the English attack had " shared the honours of the day with — if they did not actually steal them from — Bradman. " Bradman and Hassett had made physical gestures indicating their displeasure at England's tactics, but	but	CCONJ	O'Reilly	ADV	 O'Reilly
Sarah Trimmer was born on 6 January 1741 in Ipswich, England to Joshua Kirby and Sarah (née Bell); her father was a noted artist and served as President of the Society of Artists of Great Britain. Trimmer had one younger brother, William; she	she	PRON	was	AUX	 was
She dons a light blue short dress, singing to the lyrics of the song. Rihanna can be seen belly dancing on the stage, with neon green laser lights broadcast above her. After Rihanna gets the crowd moving, she runs off of the platform onto a	a	DET	dance	NOUN	 dance
" Quickflix's Simon Miraudo rated the film 3 / 5, and said, " The Fault in Our Stars undeniably sets us up to knock us down ". Richard Roeper of Chicago Sun Times gave the film 4 stars. He said her performance as Hazel was	was	AUX	"	PUNCT	 "
Robert Copsey of Digital Spy commented that the " [' Best Thing I Never Had '] is a classic Beyoncé track waiting to happen ". Chad Grischow of IGN wrote that " the lush backing music and [the] soaring vocals " on the song sound	sound	NOUN	suitable	ADJ	 suitable
In the 2000s, her relationship with Bryan was credited with softening her personality at work. " Even when she's in a bad mood, she has a different posture, " someone described as a " Wintour watcher " told the New York Observer. " The	The	DET	consensus	NOUN	 consensus
Going into the race, Ferrari driver Michael Schumacher led the Drivers ' Championship with 46 points, ahead of David Coulthard on 34 points and his teammate Mika Häkkinen on 29 points. Rubens Barrichello was fourth with 22 points and Giancarlo Fisichella was fifth on 14 points.	.	PUNCT	In	ADP	 In
Hartmann points that there have been cases where a Greek word was translated directly to Palmyrene and a Palmyrene equivalent was also used to mean the same thing. The dedication to Odaenathus would be the using of a Palmyrene equivalent, while the inscription of Vaballathus would be the	the	DET	direct	ADJ	 direct
This system passed directly over Cheshire, producing a strong wind at the surface which caused some minor damage. The storm then moved directly towards Wallingford. In Wallingford, the day prior to the tornado was clear, and said to be " one of the loveliest [	[	X	days	NOUN	days
The two ships were virtually identical to the preceding London sub class of the Formidables and are generally considered part of the Formidable or London class, but the difference in the distribution of their 12 pounder (3 inches (76 mm)) guns, their lower displacement	displacement	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
The line was mostly well received by critics and Stefani was appreciated for taking fashion seriously even though she is a celebrity. Fern Mallis of IMG praised the line and Stefani as well and said, " the L.A.M.B. line is clearly at the top of these lines and	and	CCONJ	is	AUX	 is
Parish said that less enemy variety was balanced by changes he considered the most experimental things Bungie had done for years. Edge and Bramwell praised the contrast between the Rookie's nighttime segments and the more fast paced flashback vignettes. Edge added that while the narrative design was	was	AUX	not	PART	 not
On 21 March, the Germans launched their Spring Offensive which involved 60 divisions advancing across a front of 80 kilometres (50 mi). The Allies were quickly pushed back and a gap formed between the Third and Fifth Armies through which the Germans penetrated. The New	New	PROPN	Zealand	PROPN	 Zealand
She said " It is a bit different and a bit out of our normal storytelling process but it gives such a sense of tension which is exactly the feeling we wanted to create. When you have half an hour to make a decision that will affect the rest	rest	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
One particularly well sampled room suggests that wood was cut during the relatively short span of a couple of weeks per season. The most commonly harvested tree species was ponderosa pine; the Chacoans felled approximately 16,000 of them for use at Chetro Ketl, and the species is	is	AUX	now	ADV	 now
Rather than addressing sexual dysfunction strictly as a physical problem, appropriate sexual rehabilitation care takes into account the individual as a whole, for example addressing issues with relationships and self esteem. Sexual counseling includes teaching techniques to manage depression and stress, and to increase attention to	to	ADP	preserved	VERB	 preserved
Near the hinge there is an umbo or beak on each valve, a raised hump from which the ribs radiate. The umbones are not very prominent and on either side of them are irregular winged processes, the auricles. In smaller specimens there are around 12 shallow	shallow	ADJ	ribs	NOUN	 ribs
Through major acquisitions and the very early adoption of the Internet ISP business (via theZone dial up and later RoadRunner high speed cable Internet services), he built Cable Atlantic into one of the largest communications companies in Atlantic Canada. As the principal owner, he sold	sold	VERB	the	DET	 the
The ports of arcade titles like Altered Beast, Golden Axe and Ghouls ' n Ghosts, available in stores at launch, provided a strong image of the console's power to deliver an arcade like experience. The release of the Mega Drive in Europe was handled by	by	ADP	Virgin	PROPN	 Virgin
Age estimates for 55 Cancri A include 7.4 8.7 billion years and 10.2 ± 2.5 billion years. A hypothesis for the high metal content in SMR dwarf stars is that material enriched in heavy elements fell into the atmosphere from a protoplanetary disk. This would pollute the star	star	NOUN	's	PART	's
The mix of engraving styles was criticised; line engraving was considered the superior form and artists and subscribers disliked the mixture of lesser forms with it. Moreover, Boydell's engravers fell behind schedule, delaying the entire project. He was forced to engage lesser artists,	,	PUNCT	such	ADJ	 such
Mendelevium 256, the chemically most important isotope of mendelevium, decays through electron capture 90.7% of the time and alpha decay 9.9% of the time. It is most easily detected through the spontaneous fission of its electron capture daughter fermium 256, but in the presence	presence	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
As they talk at a bar, Fry learns that Bender too has deserted his job of bending girders for suicide booths. Together, they evade Leela and hide in the Head Museum, where they encounter the preserved heads of historical figures. Fry and Bender eventually find	find	VERB	themselves	PRON	 themselves
It showed Harrison moving towards the funk and soul musical genres. The album was not well received by the majority of critics at the time. Dark Horse was certified gold by the Recording Industry Association of America within days of release, but it became Harrison's first	first	ADJ	solo	ADJ	 solo
His actions drew heavy criticism from those inside his party, such as Roscoe Conkling of New York and James G. Blaine of Maine. Hayes had known since the dispute over the 1876 election that he was unlikely to win in 1880, and had announced at his 1877	1877	NUM	inauguration	NOUN	 inauguration
Generalized spraying with organophosphate or pyrethroid insecticides, while sometimes done, is not thought to be effective. Reducing open collections of water through environmental modification is the preferred method of control, given the concerns of negative health effects from insecticides and greater logistical difficulties with control agents	agents	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
In March 1959, the company's board of directors (Hawker Siddeley then) decided to privately fund two P.1127 prototypes. In late 1959 the British Ministry of Supply contracted for two P.1127 prototypes. The first " P.1127 Prototype V / STOL Strike Aircraft ", serial	serial	ADJ	XP831	PROPN	 XP831
K. Paparrigopoulos, a major modern Greek historian, underlines his " spiritual virtues " and compares him with Themistocles, but he then asserts that all these gifts created a " traitor, an audacious and impious man ". Walter Ellis believes that his actions were outrageous,	,	PUNCT	but	CCONJ	 but
Tajikistan and neighboring countries of the Pamir Range are highly dependent upon glacial runoff to ensure river flow during droughts and the dry seasons experienced every year. The continued demise of glacier ice will result in a short term increase, followed by a long term decrease in glacial	glacial	ADJ	melt	NOUN	 melt
As a coda, there is a final vignette depicting the ecological aspects of the war: seabirds and fish succumb to the poisonous fallout, and a shark evades death only through moving to particularly deep water, where, it is noted, the shark was " very	very	ADV	hungry	ADJ	 hungry
In 1997, the FDA approved a prescription emergency contraception pill (known as the morning after pill), which became available over the counter in 2006. In 2010, ulipristal acetate, a more effective emergency contraceptive was approved for use up to five days after unprotected	unprotected	ADJ	sexual	ADJ	 sexual
Exploration of the character's backstory began after his mother was introduced and Barber believed this would allow the audience to see why Rhys has become who he is. On 18 May 2011, it was announced Barber had joined the cast of Neighbours as Rhys Lawson. His	His	PRON	casting	NOUN	 casting
If he kills The Dark One with the dagger, he will possess his magic. Rumpelstiltskin sets fire to the Duke's castle (in a parallel with Mr. Gold's actions) and steals the dagger which reads the name of The Dark One, " Zoso "	"	PUNCT	.	PUNCT	.
The cost of this decision was high; of the 134 commissioned in time to serve at the front, 42 were killed and 38 wounded. Cadets were posted to units being formed in their home states, so Rowell was posted to the 10th Infantry Battalion. When	When	SCONJ	he	PRON	 he
In 2008, Kajol featured as a talent judge, alongside her husband, Ajay Devgn and mother, Tanuja, in Zee TV's family reality show, Rock N Roll Family. She described her experience of working in television by saying, " Working on television is	is	AUX	much	ADJ	 much
He recalled, " I said I'd be a gynecologist so I could interact with all the women. " Known mostly for his work in the sci fi genre, Fillion considered his role on Desperate Housewives a return to his roots, as he had acted on	on	ADP	the	DET	 the
However, the donation of many mounted skeletal casts by industrialist Andrew Carnegie to potentates around the world at the beginning of the 20th century did much to familiarize it to people worldwide. Casts of Diplodocus skeletons are still displayed in many museums worldwide, including D. carnegii in	in	ADP	a	DET	 a
It is also unable to work with Apple Watch due to the relatively aged hardware. In fact, some users often reported that performance on the 4s is very slow, similar to how iOS 7 ran on the iPhone 4, and suggesting that they should not upgrade	upgrade	VERB	due	ADP	 due
Lisa appeals to them that it is just the same doll with a " stupid, cheap " hat, but they all prefer to stick with Malibu Stacy, largely due to the encouragement of Smithers, except for one little girl, who leaves with a Lisa Lionheart	Lionheart	PROPN	doll	NOUN	 doll
The Perl languages borrow features from other programming languages including C, shell script (sh), AWK, and sed. They provide powerful text processing facilities without the arbitrary data length limits of many contemporary Unix commandline tools, facilitating easy manipulation of text files. Perl	Perl	NOUN	5	NUM	 5
Rapp considers the tradition to be an attempt by the Georgian Church to rebut the earlier tradition that the alphabet was invented by Mesrop Mashtots, and is a Georgian application of an Iranian model in which primordial kings are credited with the creation of basic social institutions. Georgian	Georgian	ADJ	linguist	NOUN	 linguist
The establishment of the Armory on campus gave the team a new place to play. In February 1897, L. J. Cooke, a director of the Minneapolis YMCA, was hired on a part time basis to coach the basketball program, and became the full time coach	coach	NOUN	and	CCONJ	 and
Chapter 2 Death of a Salesman Newby leaves the rag trade. Chapter 3 Birth of a Mountain Climber Newby and Carless receive very brief training in mountaineering technique, on boulders and small cliffs in North Wales. The inn has " splendid " waitresses who seem to be	be	AUX	expert	ADJ	 expert
Gossip also wrote the lesser known chess books The Chess Players ' Text Book (1889), The Chess player's Vade Mecum and Pocket Guide to the Openings (1891), Modern Chess Brilliancies (1892), The Chess Player's Pocket Guide to Games at	at	ADP	Odds	PROPN	 Odds
Meryle Secrest, in her biography of Rodgers, theorizes that South Pacific marks a transition for the pair " between heroes and heroines who are more or less evenly matched in age and stories about powerful older men and the younger women who are attracted to them ".	.	PUNCT	Lovensheimer	PROPN	 Lovensheimer
A revised plan produced on 12 July had the 2nd Parachute Brigade landing at the same place, but all the Americans would land at a large drop zone between Le Muy and Grimaud, only 2 miles (3.2 km) to the west of St Tropez. The	The	DET	task	NOUN	 task
A short distance later, the highway continues northward through deep forests and rural farms before continuing into Thompson Township. After that the road starts winding its way northward, it returns to the unpopulated area and intersects with local roads. This pattern continues for several miles,	,	PUNCT	with	ADP	 with
The school offers six graduate degrees: the MAcc, MBA, EMBA, EMPA, MISM, and MPA. MBA students choose a major (Finance, Marketing, Supply Chain Management, OBHR, or Product Development) and a minor (Entrepreneurship, International Business,	,	PUNCT	Strategy	PROPN	 Strategy
The first standard gauge rails were laid by August 1889 as part of a dual gauge setup south of Idlewild, when the Ohio and North Western Railroad (O & NW, successor to the C & E), which had converted its line to standard gauge,	,	PUNCT	moved	VERB	 moved
Both nationals and non nationals of a jurisdiction may apply for orders for review of detention. In the UK context, Lord Scarman disagreed with the suggestion that habeas corpus protection only extends to British nationals, stating in Khera v. Secretary of State for the Home Department;	;	PUNCT	Khawaja	PROPN	 Khawaja
Gradually accelerating, the remnants of Helen moved over the Gulf of Carpentaria before striking land again on 6 January. The system was last noted over the Cape York Peninsula on 7 January. From late December through 6 January, Helen and its precursor low produced significant rainfall	rainfall	NOUN	over	ADP	 over
Individuals are occasionally taken in offshore waters to 40 m during winter. The sand whiting is a schooling species, whose movements are associated with a variety of factors including prey, lunar patterns and spawning movements; although there appears to be little consistency in its movements in	in	ADP	relation	NOUN	 relation
The Bradley Center had a maximum capacity of 18,000, which was reduced for the event. This event grossed over $215,000 from an approximate attendance of 3,500. It also received 174,000 pay per view buys. Taboo Tuesday helped World Wrestling Entertainment earn $24.7 million in	in	ADP	revenue	NOUN	 revenue
Air can also be trapped in the mediastinum, the center of the chest cavity (pneumomediastinum). If air escapes from a penetrating injury to the neck, a definite diagnosis of TBI can be made. Hamman's sign, a sound of crackling that occurs in	in	ADP	time	NOUN	 time
In addition, " If a change is made and applied during the course of an ongoing proceeding and if the accused is found guilty, the validity of that procedure can be considered in the review proceeding for that case. " On the second rule, Alito argued	argued	VERB	that	SCONJ	 that
While attending her college reunion at Salve Regina University with Peter, Lois spots her old roommate, Naomi Robinson, with whom she had a brief lesbian relationship in college. Peter is shocked but excited to discover that Lois was bisexual in college. Naomi indicates that she	she	PRON	would	AUX	 would
Unlike the implosion design, which required sophisticated coordination of shaped explosive charges, the gun type design was considered almost certain to work. The danger of accidental detonation made safety a concern. Little Boy incorporated basic safety mechanisms, but an accidental detonation could still occur.	.	PUNCT	Tests	NOUN	 Tests
The concession allowed SAS to also take passengers on the domestic legs, giving Braathens SAFE competition on the routes to Kristiansand. Passengers traveling from Western to Northern Norway had to transfer from Braathens SAFE to SAS in Trondheim. Both airlines saw this as a strategic opportunity to	to	PART	get	VERB	 get
In Anglo American Freemasonry, neither mixed nor all female lodges are officially recognised, although unofficial relations can be cordial, with premises sometimes shared. Women in Mediaeval and Renaissance Europe were legally assumed to be subject to their fathers, then to their husbands after marriage.	.	PUNCT	The	DET	 The
Arguably the most successful band to emerge from post punk was Ireland's U2, who incorporated elements of religious imagery together with political commentary into their often anthemic music, and by the late 1980s had become one of the biggest bands in the world. Although many post	post	VERB	punk	NOUN	 punk
While in London, Peale ordered a delicate balance scale from his friend, expatriate American Joseph Saxton, and later induced Saxton to return to the United States and work for the Philadelphia Mint. Peale returned to France where, as the refiners wanted payment for teaching him	him	PRON	the	DET	 the
These miniature towers were of the southern dravida and northern bhumija and sekhari types and were mostly used to elaborate dravida types of articulation. The miniatures on single pilasters were decorated with a protective floral lintel on top, a form of decoration normally provided for depiction of gods	gods	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
Takalik Abaj is located at an approximate distance of 100 kilometres (62 mi) from the contemporary archaeological site of Monte Alto, 130 km (81 mi) from Kaminaljuyu and 60 kilometres (37 mi) from Izapa in Mexico. The changing styles of architecture and	and	CCONJ	iconography	NOUN	 iconography
Despite not being released as a single in the US, the song charted at number 85 on the Billboard Hot 100 and has since sold 2.2 million copies there. It charted on most international markets within the top fifteen, reaching number 10 on the Canadian Hot 100	100	NUM	,	PUNCT	,
Surya is upset over his failure to find a good acting job. Soleh joins the Islamic charitable group Nahdlatul Ulama (NU), hoping to gain confidence. Though he is initially reluctant to protect the security of a church, he ends up sacrificing his life when	when	SCONJ	he	PRON	 he
Wario was chosen as the star of the WarioWare series because the developers felt he was the best character for the franchise because he often acted stupid. Wario made his first appearance as a villain in the 1992 Game Boy video game Super Mario Land 2: 6 Golden	Golden	PROPN	Coins	PROPN	 Coins
With Lehigh Valley, he posted a 1 – 0 record and a 0.59 ERA with 5 saves in 13 games in the season's first month. He was added to the Phillies ' 25 man Major League roster on May 11, and four days later recorded a	a	DET	win	NOUN	 win
However, a struggle for control of the railroad now ensued. Patterson had agreed to sell 60% of the company's stock to James Kerr, who was expected in turn to sell the stock to the Pennsylvania Railroad, at whose Juniata station the line terminated.	.	PUNCT	However	ADV	 However
By the 1990s, historical Welsh foods were going through a revival. Farmers ' markets became more popular, Welsh organic vegetables and farm made cheese started to appear in supermarkets. Other modern Welsh characteristics are more subtle, such as supermarkets offering salty butters and laverbread or	or	CCONJ	butchers	NOUN	 butchers
The judgment of Hale in this case was extremely influential in future cases, and was used in the Salem witch trials to justify the forfeiture of the accused's lands. G. Geis, writing in the British Journal of Law and Society, ties Hale's opinions on	on	ADP	witchcraft	NOUN	 witchcraft
In 1911 the city of York belatedly recognised Etty. A statue of Etty by G. W. Milburn was unveiled on 1 February outside the York Art Gallery, and a retrospective of 164 Etty paintings was held at the gallery despite opposition from some of Etty's descendants who	who	PRON	refused	VERB	 refused
Having been a professional musician since the mid- ' 60s (and the guitarist for King Crimson since 1969), by the late 1980s Robert Fripp found himself in conflict with his longtime record label E.G. Records and management company (E.G. Management) over royalties allegedly owed by	by	ADP	E.G.	PROPN	 E.G.
Written by Jonathan Moskin and David Mulei and directed by Nick Marck, the episode premiered on The CW on May 15, 2007. The series depicts the adventures of Veronica Mars (Kristen Bell) as she deals with life as a college student while moonlighting as a	a	DET	private	ADJ	 private
The production team realised the halted regeneration and creation of a new Doctor would create a debate amongst fans about whether one of the Doctor's twelve regenerations were used up. The production team originally declined to comment to avoid the debate; Davies later said that he believed	believed	VERB	that	SCONJ	 that
Loxton ended with 2 / 37 from 25 overs, sending down the most deliveries among the Australians, as the hosts were all out for 221. He made eight with the bat and again opened the bowling in the second innings, taking 1 / 53 from 18	18	NUM	overs	NOUN	 overs
Despite this perception, the Casino Employee Championship event does involve numerous recognized names in the poker world. The 2009 tournament included two time bracelet winner Pat Poels, WSOP vice president Ty Stewart, Bellagio Tournament Director / Former WSOP Director Jack McClelland, and Woman Poker Hall	Hall	PROPN	of	ADP	 of
" Charlie's first relationship is with Roman Harris (Conrad Coleby), which was confirmed by Coleby via an interview in TV Week. Roman initially rejects Charlie's advances; until she goes on a date with Angelo Rosetta (Luke Jacobz). Anderson told The	The	DET	Sun	PROPN	 Sun
In the past, there has been so much talk about our side and a lot of pressure with people calling us favourites. This time, nobody seemed to expect anything. In fact, people would come up to me in the street and say we were only	only	ADV	dark	ADJ	 dark
After the disastrous defeat at the Battle of Bannockburn in 1314, King Edward's authority was once more weakened, and the rebellious barons took over control of government. For Warwick the triumph was brief; he died the next year. Guy de Beauchamp is today remembered	remembered	VERB	primarily	ADV	 primarily
The Americans started to notice and become alarmed at increasing reports of political disillusionment in the military officer corps in August. An intelligence report prepared by the US State Department in late August claimed the " worsening of internal security, the promotion of incompetent officers and Diệm's	's	PART	direct	ADJ	 direct
He then opened the bowling and castled home captain Les Berry for one to leave the hosts at 1 / 1 and take his first wicket on English soil. He also took two catches, both from the bowling of fellow Victorian Doug Ring as the hosts fell for	for	ADP	130	NUM	 130
It was founded in 1994 by Ted Price as " Xtreme Software ", and was renamed " Insomniac Games " a year later. It has released titles for the PlayStation, PlayStation 2, PlayStation 3, Xbox 360, PlayStation 4 and Xbox One video game consoles	consoles	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
The final flashback shows Juliet and Ben discussing their plans immediately before the events of " Left Behind ". Ben tells her to handcuff herself to Kate and say she was left behind. She is also told that Claire's " implant " has been " activated "	"	PUNCT	and	CCONJ	 and
The Overlords conceal a special interest in the Greggsons ' children, Jeffrey and Jennifer Anne, and intervene to save Jeffrey's life when a tsunami strikes the island. The Overlords have been watching them since the incident with the Ouija board, which revealed the seed of	of	ADP	the	DET	 the
The Vietminh announced that they would abolish the mandarin governance system and hold national elections with universal suffrage in two hold. The VNQDD objected to this, fearing that the communists would perpetrate electoral fraud. After the seizure of power, hundreds of VNQDD members returned from China	China	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
The Arab Ba ' ath Party merged with Akram al Hawrani's Arab Socialist Party to establish the Arab Socialist Ba ' ath Party in 1952; Aflaq was elected the party's leader in 1954. During the mid to late 1950s the party began developing relations with Gamal	Gamal	PROPN	Abdel	PROPN	 Abdel
Some Minerans who sympathized with the Organicans ' plight and wishes for peace provided them with weapons to fight off the xerom, called Soma. In the present day, after Minera was destroyed, the xerom continue to threaten the people of Minera and the people who bear	bear	VERB	Somas	PROPN	 Somas
" Money for Nothing / Beverly Hillbillies " (Mark Knopfler, Gordon Sumner, Paul Henning, arr. Yankovic) – 3: 11 Parody of " Money for Nothing " by Dire Straits; the song features the slightly altered lyrics of the theme song from the	the	DET	television	NOUN	 television
During the remainder of World War II, Kittel was credited with 144 more aerial victories and was awarded the Knight's Cross of the Iron Cross with Oak Leaves and Swords. On 14 or 16 February 1945, flying his 583rd combat mission, Kittel was shot down	down	ADP	and	CCONJ	 and
The U.S. Forest service recognizes it as the most common species of tree in America. The red maple ranges from southeastern Manitoba around the Lake of the Woods on the border with Ontario and Minnesota, east to Newfoundland, south to Florida, and southwest to eastern Texas	Texas	PROPN	.	PUNCT	.
Unlike other types of borscht, it is not whitened with sour cream. Barszcz wigilijny, or Christmas Eve borscht, is a variant of the clear borscht that is traditionally served during the Polish Christmas Eve supper. In this version, meat stock is either omitted or	or	CCONJ	replaced	VERB	 replaced
The experiences of the Irish Micí Mac Gabhann resulted the posthumous work Rotha Mór an tSaoil (translated into English as The Hard Road to Klondike in 1962), a vivid description of the period. Some terminology from the stampede made its way into North American English like	like	ADP	"	PUNCT	 "
Coppola comes from a family of film makers and actors, and she has said how childhood memories of living in hotels partially inspired her choice of setting. Somewhere presents a detailed portrait of life in that industry and charts its existential and emotional boundaries. While celebrity gossip	gossip	NOUN	websites	NOUN	 websites
When Archie returns, he attempts to reconcile with Peggy, but comes up with a plan to steal the Mitchells ' business, The Queen Victoria public house, with Janine's help. However, Janine, along with Ryan, whom she is dating, plans to	to	PART	steal	VERB	 steal
A few hours later, the Hurricane Hunters observed a tropical storm, which prompted the system being named " Ella ". Around that time, the storm started a general curve toward the west, due to a ridge to its north. With an anticyclone aloft providing	providing	VERB	favorable	ADJ	 favorable
But after people actually listened, they felt it and vibed to it and now it ’ s considered a classic. Following the release of Labcabincalifornia, member Fatlip split from The Pharcyde, and the group did not return until 2000, releasing the album Plain Rap to	to	ADP	mediocre	ADJ	 mediocre
In 2011, the book won the California Young Reader Medal. In the 2012 edition of Scholastic's Parent and Child magazine, The Hunger Games was listed as the 33rd best book for children, with the award for " Most Exciting Ending ". The novel is	is	AUX	one	NUM	 one
For Dany, it's the brutal truth of her brother's real nature, of his insatiable thirst for power and the twisted quality of his rampant heart. " The Dothraki scenes that culminate with the " crowning " of Viserys Targaryen were acclaimed by the critics.	.	PUNCT	Writing	VERB	 Writing
In the US, " Diamonds " debuted at number 16 on the Billboard Hot 100 and sold 133,000 copies in its first week. In its fourth week, it climbed to number eight on the chart and became Rihanna's twenty third top ten single. For the	the	DET	week	NOUN	 week
Some of the more common causes of vampirism in Slavic folklore include being a magician or an immoral person; suffering an " unnatural " or untimely death such as suicide; excommunication; improper burial rituals; an animal jumping or a bird flying over the corpse or the	the	DET	empty	ADJ	 empty
The Computer and Video Games magazine was entertained by the " finely crafted slice of [...] Mario ", along with the extra minigames offered. They believed that the audio was very good for a Nintendo DS game, predicting that " it'd still scare the	the	DET	pants	NOUN	 pants
His first WWF match was against Nikolai Volkoff on May 23, 1994, which he lost by submission He wrestled sporadically throughout 1994 in the WWF, losing matches against Crush, Razor Ramon, Hakushi, Owen Hart and the imposter Undertaker. Hardy continued wrestling with the	the	DET	WWF	PROPN	 WWF
Bart proves his evidence by hitting Bob's feet with a comedy mallet on live television. The police, having watched the show, realized they wrongfully put Krusty in jail for a crime he did not commit and head down the studio to arrest Sideshow Bob. Arrested	Arrested	VERB	and	CCONJ	 and
As it is clear that the demands of his job are taking a toll on Chris, Carla becomes increasingly uncomfortable with the brutal competition among firms and the violence they incite in other countries. Seeking an escape from Shorn and to save their marriage, Carla, with	with	ADP	the	DET	 the
Reluctant to give in to demands for an election, Asquith proceeded to form a new coalition government on 25 May, with the majority of the new cabinet coming from his own Liberal party and the Unionist (Conservative) party brought in to shore up the government.	.	PUNCT	By	ADP	 By
The planet's discovery was announced to the public on January 10, 2011. On January 13, 2011, 3 days after the planet's discovery was announced, The Economist published an article suggesting “ Vulcan ” as an unofficial name for the planet, after both	both	CCONJ	the	DET	 the
It is thus possible that there is a progressively accumulating number of prions in the environment. Icelandic researchers discovered in 2000 that mites can be a vector for prions. To determine if mites can spread scrapie, the scientists injected mice with extracts from hay mites collected from	from	ADP	farms	NOUN	 farms
In nature, it associates with two- and three needle pines, especially lodgepole and ponderosa pine. Under controlled laboratory conditions, the fungus has been shown to form ectomycorrhizae with ponderosa, lodgepole, loblolly, eastern white, patula, pond, radiata, and red pines	pines	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
It is significant that the case ever came before the witan at all. That it did, suggests that Æthelhelm and Æthelwold were by then young men who commanded some independent support and sympathy in Wessex. In Abels ' view, Æthelred's sons attempted to shame Alfred	Alfred	PROPN	into	ADP	 into
In 1879 Planché completed his most ambitious work on costume history, A Cyclopedia of Costume, or, Dictionary of Dress, two volumes totalling almost 1000 pages. Planché's expertise in historical dress was not only of interest to his fellow antiquarians. During her reign Queen	Queen	PROPN	Victoria	PROPN	 Victoria
MD 26 heads east from the intersection as a two lane road toward Libertytown. MD 194 heads north as Woodsboro Pike, which starts as a four lane divided highway but reduces to two lanes as the highway passes through the suburban communities of Discovery and Spring Garden,	,	PUNCT	where	SCONJ	 where
When this announcement reached the UK, the NUWSS was divided on the one hand by patriots such as Millicent Fawcett who were devoted to war work and on the other by the signers of the Christmas letter who wished to send peace delegates. However, the majority of	of	ADP	the	DET	 the
The iPhone 5 uses a system on chip (SoC), called the Apple A6. The SoC comprises a 1.3 GHz dual core processor, 1 GB of RAM and a tri core PowerVR SGX543MP4 running at 266 MHz. The iPhone 5's operating memory (LPDDR2	LPDDR2	PROPN	1066	NUM	 1066
" Absolutely ", Gretzky said. " That's a hundred percent right. It's all practice. I got it from my Dad. Nine out of ten people think it's instinct, and it isn't. Nobody would ever say a doctor had learned	learned	VERB	his	PRON	 his
Hoarseness, pain with swallowing, or a cough may also occur. Coronary artery spasm may occur with subsequent myocardial infarction, dysrhythmia, or cardiac arrest. Those with underlying coronary disease are at greater risk of cardiac effects from anaphylaxis. The coronary spasm is related to	to	ADP	the	DET	 the
The next day, van Ranken wins another cherry pie, and Adrian and Sharona see him rooting it. Ambrose remembers that Rita baked three cherry pies to give away at the fair, deducing that must be something in one of them. Though skeptical, Stottlemeyer admits	admits	VERB	there	PRON	 there
He went on to say that " Such Great Heights " was the only song he had ever written that was positive about love. Critics compared it to the eighties synthpop and new wave genres. Pitchfork Media's Matt LeMay and Phares both commented on the contrasts between	between	ADP	the	DET	 the
Dan Stapleton of IGN considered the title a " clever interactive spoof of all the broken game physics we ’ ve seen in open worlds " and despite being short, was a " hell of a good time ". Tim Turi of Game Informer stated that the first	first	ADJ	hour	NOUN	 hour
This view is also supported by the British journalist and K pop fan Promi Ferdousi, who wrote that the song has managed to " find its way into our clubs " while the best K pop songs are limited to niche groups on social media websites. Following the	the	DET	release	NOUN	 release
According to court documents filed on November 5, 2014, there were images posted to 4chan that appeared to be of a murder victim. The body was discovered in Port Orchard, Washington, after the images were posted. The posts were accompanied by the text:	:	PUNCT	"	PUNCT	 "
The Colts briefly rebounded, winning two games, but then lost 7 of their last 9, including a 40 – 21 home loss to the 49ers. After Manning threw a career high four interceptions in that game, coach Jim Mora uttered his infamous " Playoffs?	?	PUNCT	Do	AUX	 Do
This causes tropical cyclones to approach the West Coast of the United States infrequently. Another inhibiting factor for a California landfall is the water temperatures. Because of the water currents, the waters off California are rarely above 70° F (21° C), which	which	PRON	is	AUX	 is
Victor marries Sharon platonically to protect his assets, although the marriage is annulled two weeks later. Adam is believed to be permanently blind after an attack by Patty Williams, and Sharon helps him recover. They reunite, but more of his past schemes are revealed.	.	PUNCT	After	ADP	 After
Oxford were considered " underdogs " for the race. The Cambridge crew had an average age of 23, while Oxford's crew averaged 21. The Oxford crew featured seven Britons, an Australian and a Canadian, while the Cambridge crew consisted of four Britons, two	two	NUM	Americans	PROPN	 Americans
The bomb is always found at the beginning of the team base, and the player who holds the bomb must wait 12 seconds until he may drop it and take shelter from the ensuing detonation. In The Hunt, players must shoot ghosts, which become gradually smaller	smaller	ADJ	after	ADP	 after
110 rounds were stowed per gun. The dozen 6 inch (152 mm) Canet Pattern 1892 45 calibre guns were mounted in the lower casemates. The guns could elevate to a maximum of 20 degrees and depress to -5 degrees. They fired shells that weighed 91.27	91.27	NUM	lb	NOUN	 lb
It came within 6.4 light years of the Sun about 413,000 years ago. After spending five years observing the star, the European Organisation for Astronomical Research in the Southern Hemisphere (ESO) announced that they had discovered three super Earths in orbit around HD 40307 in June	June	PROPN	2008	NUM	 2008
However, the global financial crisis that followed had a major impact on New Zealand, with the GDP shrinking for five consecutive quarters, the longest recession in over thirty years, and unemployment rising back to 7 percent in late 2009. At May 2012, the general	general	ADJ	unemployment	NOUN	 unemployment
His best known commission was to Harland Sanders, who used the title " Colonel " when he opened his chain of Kentucky Fried Chicken restaurants. Other colonels commissioned by Laffoon included Mae West, Shirley Temple, Clark Gable, Bing Crosby, Will Rogers, Fred Astaire	Astaire	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
Between 1658 and 1799 the Dutch East India Company acquired and transported approximately 63,000 slaves to its Cape Colony in southern Africa, now part of South Africa. In Dutch, the company's name was Vereenigde Oost Indische Compagnie: abbreviated as " VOC ", the company	company	NOUN	's	PART	's
It's easy to use noise as an orgasmic peak — but Sonic Youth can make it plateau, restraining their distortion only to intensify its monstrous serenity ". He also said that the song showed that Sonic Youth " may get better the farther out they go "	"	PUNCT	,	PUNCT	,
He won his next five races with a total lead of nine horse lengths. He faced Vandy's Flash, himself a World Champion Quarter Racing Horse, twelve times. Their last meeting, on September 6, 1959 at Ruidoso Downs, was also Go Man Go	Go	PROPN	's	PART	's
The Germans paused, believing the woods were filled with more Americans and tanks. Only when SS Standartenführer Joachim Peiper and his Panzer tanks arrived at midnight, twelve hours behind schedule, did the Germans learn the nearby woods were empty. Due to lost communications with Battalion	Battalion	PROPN	and	CCONJ	 and
The Sounders were playing well, having already clinched a MLS playoff berth. A victory over the New England Revolution on the weekend prior to the final gave the team a three game winning streak. The Fire had defeated Real Salt Lake on September 28, but their	their	PRON	playoff	NOUN	 playoff
In 1993, Architect of the Capitol George White, following a protracted search involving the use of ground penetrating radar, electromagnetic induction and induced polarization, announced he had found a large stone buried beneath one section of the foundation that was " obviously a ceremonial stone,	,	PUNCT	"	PUNCT	 "
She thereafter returned to the Yangtze to protect Europeans during the Chinese Revolution that broke out on 10 October. In November, Vizeadmiral (Vice Admiral) Maximilian von Spee replaced Gühler as the commander of the East Asia Squadron. At the end of the year, Emden	Emden	PROPN	won	VERB	 won
After additional surveys, NWS Dodge City had confirmed 12 tornado tracks by the Greensburg supercell in Kansas alone on May 4, including several weaker and satellite tornadoes that occurred along with the four large wedge tornadoes. The new Enhanced Fujita Scale was implemented on February 1,	,	PUNCT	2007	NUM	 2007
T.I. recorded nearly 100 tracks during the production for Paper Trail, including a collaboration with Fall Out Boy on a track entitled " Out in the Cold ". However the song was left out of the final cut, but T.I. told MTV that he may add some	some	PRON	of	ADP	 of
Sybille had sailed on 19 February with instructions to search for Forte. On 23 February Cooke had encountered a cartel sent to Madras by Beaulieu and brought the ship into Balasore on 26 February. At 20: 30, while sailing to the southeast, flashes were seen	seen	VERB	on	ADP	 on
Tony Bennett and Lady Gaga: Cheek to Cheek Live! became the first such concert to be streamed in 4 K resolution. LG provided the streaming to dealers for in store display on their HD TV screens. Dave VanderWaal, the company's head of marketing,	,	PUNCT	said	VERB	 said
In track and field, he won the Michigan High School Track and Cross Country Athlete of the Year award in 1991. However, at one point Wheatley had quit the track team because the coach refused to let him run four individual events as a sprinter, jumper	jumper	NOUN	and	CCONJ	 and
It was a similar tale in the first class statistics, with the second best economy among the seven frontline bowlers, but the worst strike rate. For the entire tour, Toshack took 50 wickets at 21.12 with four five wicket innings hauls, including a best of	of	ADP	7	NUM	 7
If service workers are excluded 62.8% were employed in white collar occupations. Educational attainment varied greatly depending on occupational field with 68% of those in the professional and professional support fields having a bachelor's degree or higher, compared to only 31.6% of those employed	employed	VERB	in	ADP	 in
The larger Gangetic Plain region is in the north; it includes the Ganges Yamuna Doab, the Ghaghra plains, the Ganges plains and the Terai. The smaller Vindhya Range and plateau region is in the south. It is characterised by hard rock strata and a varied	varied	ADJ	topography	NOUN	 topography
On December 15, 2011, a deal was reached on the remaining nine appropriations bills, which were combined into the Consolidated Appropriations Act, 2012. One point of contention was that an earlier draft of the bill supported by Republicans contained new restrictions on travel to Cuba	Cuba	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
The " Yurovsky Note, " an account of the event filed by Yurovsky to his Bolshevik superiors following the killings, was found in 1989 and detailed in Edvard Radzinsky's 1992 book The Last Tsar. According to the note, on the night of the deaths the	the	DET	family	NOUN	 family
These membranes are flat sheets that form a continuous barrier around all cells. The cell membranes of almost all living organisms and many viruses are made of a lipid bilayer, as are the membranes surrounding the cell nucleus and other sub cellular structures. The lipid bilayer is	is	AUX	the	DET	 the
Wolstenholme and Braidwood scored to give Nelson a 2 – 0 win over Grimsby on 7 April, before beating local rivals Accrington Stanley 2 – 1 at Seedhill. After another win against Accrington the following weekend, Nelson went into the home match against Wrexham on 24 April	April	PROPN	requiring	VERB	 requiring
The Foreign and Commonwealth Office (FCO) Historical Collection is the largest collection contains material from the former FCO Library. The collection was a working tool used by the British government to inform and influence foreign and colonial policy. Transferred to King ’ s in 2007,	,	PUNCT	the	DET	 the
Even so, in May 1838, the same month Very published his " Epic Poetry " lecture in the Christian Examiner, Emerson brought Very to a meeting of the Transcendental Club, where the topic of discussion was " the question of mysticism ". At the meeting	meeting	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
Multiple incendiary devices and high explosive bombs struck the central section of the terminus building. While the LNC's office building and the station platforms survived, the central section of the station was reduced to rubble. On 11 May 1941 the station was officially declared closed.	.	PUNCT	The	DET	 The
They would form into teams to accompany the horse on its travels around the local area, and although the makeup of such groups varied, they typically included an individual to carry the horse, a leader, a man in female clothing known as a " Mollie "	"	PUNCT	,	PUNCT	,
Administratively, it is part of the St. Joseph's Parish in the Archdiocese of Semarang. Constructed between 1870 and 1875 to meet the needs of Semarang's growing Catholic population, the red brick church building was designed by the Dutch architect W. I. van Bakel and built	built	VERB	at	ADP	 at
Norwegian authorities responded that the installation was to be used for scientific and peaceful activities under Norwegian control. Further, because of treaty only prohibited fortifications and not military activity as such, Norway held the right to conduct military scientific research and operate intelligence operations on the archipelago	archipelago	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
The monarch was so impressed that Leno became publicly known as " the king's jester ". Leno also appeared in burlesque and, every year from 1888 to 1904, in the Drury Lane Theatre's Christmas pantomime spectacles. He was generous and active in charitable causes	causes	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
Witnessing and testifying became an integral component to these meetings, where a congregation member or even a stranger would rise and recount his turn from a sinful life to one of piety and peace. " Amazing Grace " was one of many hymns that punctuated fervent sermons,	,	PUNCT	although	SCONJ	 although
According to the United Kingdom Census 2001, Deckham has a population of 9,228 – 51.5% of the population are female, slightly above the national average, whilst 48.5% are male. Only 2% of the population are from a black or other minority ethnic group	group	NOUN	(	PUNCT	 (
Production for the album took place following lead singer Ronnie Radke's departure from Escape the Fate in 2008. Recording took place in December 2010 and lasted until February 2011 at Paint it Black Studios in Orlando, Florida. Michael Baskette, who worked with Radke on Escape	Escape	VERB	the	DET	 the
" Did You Hear What Happened to Charlotte King? " was originally broadcast on November 4, 2010 in the United States on the ABC network. The episode was viewed by a total of 10.18 million people, 44 percent more than the previous episode. Although it	it	PRON	was	AUX	 was
This gave Burke the role of scorer and leader of the reserves. With the shakeup, the 14 – 28 Jazz won their next two games against the Milwaukee Bucks and Brooklyn Nets. It was the first time in Burke's basketball career that he had not been	been	AUX	a	DET	 a
Society founder Henry Gerber was inspired to create it by German Doctor Magnus Hirschfeld and his work with the Scientific Humanitarian Committee. It was the first recognized gay rights organization in the United States, having received a charter from the state of Illinois, and produced the first	first	ADJ	American	ADJ	 American
It is the first major project directed by Hajime Tabata, who created the initial concept at the request of Tetsuya Nomura for a game that had the Turks as protagonists. The music was composed by Takeharu Ishimoto, originally a sound arranger at Square Enix. It was	was	AUX	highly	ADV	 highly
Phillips was drafted in after " Nasty " Nick Bateman withdrew. Later that day, Lisa competed in a task to build a sugar cube tower alongside Dean O'Loughlin of series two. Day 41 saw Alex Sibley, Sophie Pritchard and Lee Davey from the programme's third	third	ADJ	edition	NOUN	 edition
They could not cover the remaining distance to the Pole and back with this amount of food. However, Shackleton was not yet prepared to admit that the Pole was beyond them and decided to go forward after cutting food rations further, and dumping all but the most	most	ADV	essential	ADJ	 essential
He recorded 69 points in 64 games in his first season, 1989 – 90, and helped the Blazers win the President's Cup as WHL champions. The Blazers advanced to the 1990 Memorial Cup as the top ranked team in Canada, but disappointed in the tournament	tournament	NOUN	by	ADP	 by
" When asked if Orochimaru was still good, Kishimoto answered that Orochimaru is " truly good " and that he is one of the several " hopeless evil characters " that appear in the series. Following this theme of distinguishing villains, Kishimoto attempted to make Orochimaru's	's	PART	face	NOUN	 face
On 3 July, Linienschiffsleutnant Ludwig Müller sailed U 20 out from Trieste for the Gulf of Venice. A day later, U 20 was spotted by the Italian submarine F 12, which was on patrol in the northern Adriatic. F 12 initially pursued U 20 underwater	underwater	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
It has therefore not for exclusive purpose the celebration of a worship ". As a result, a 600,000 franc tax recovery notification was sent to the church on 20 December 1996, which rose to 2.6 million francs two years later (penalties included). This tax	tax	NOUN	was	AUX	 was
The report was endorsed by the government, and published the following month. After being announced in the Queen's Speech, the Arbitration Bill was introduced to the House of Lords by the Lord Chancellor in late 1978, given its second reading on 12 December 1978,	,	PUNCT	and	CCONJ	 and
These buttons are rare or non existent. However, the officer's regulation button, consisting of the " block I " button, for Infantry, the A for Artillery, etc.; was very common amongst soldiers, and replaced the efforts to produce the different	different	ADJ	,	PUNCT	,
In Geneva, they learn that Calculus has gone to Nyon to meet Professor Topolino, an expert in ultrasonics. The group travel there in a taxi, but their car is attacked by two men in another car, who force the taxi into Lake Geneva. Surviving	Surviving	VERB	the	DET	 the
Originally planned as the first installment in an 11 part saga, Shenmue was eventually downsized to a trilogy — and only one sequel was ever released. While Shenmue was lauded for its innovation, visuals and music, its critical reception was mixed; points of criticism included	included	VERB	"	PUNCT	 "
However, in most studies, either O157: H7, K 12 MG1655, or K 12 W3110 were used as a representative E. coli. The genome of the type strain has only lately been sequenced. Particularly the use of whole genome sequences yields highly supported phylogenies	phylogenies	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
The system shows the actors ' virtual counterparts in their digital surroundings in real time, allowing the director to adjust and direct scenes just as if shooting live action. According to Cameron, " It's like a big, powerful game engine. If I want to	to	PART	fly	VERB	 fly
As the Impactor neared the comet's surface, this camera took high resolution pictures of the nucleus (as good as 0.2 meters [7.9 in] per pixel) that were transmitted in real time to the Flyby spacecraft before it and the Impactor were destroyed. The	The	DET	final	ADJ	 final
As Swedish is a Germanic language, the syntax shows similarities to both English and German. Like English, Swedish has a subject – verb – object basic word order, but like German, it utilizes verb second word order in main clauses, for instance after adverbs	adverbs	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
The pale crag martin of the nominate subspecies P. o. obsoleta is 12 – 13 cm (4.7 – 5.1 in) long with light brown upperparts, becoming paler on the lower back, and a short square tail that has small white patches near the tips of all	all	PRON	but	SCONJ	 but
During the game's second week, it dropped to fourth place in the Japanese game sales charts, selling an additional 30,910 copies. Reviewers at Famitsu liked the game's story, saying that the " turnabouts " that come from tense situations are exciting. They also	also	ADV	liked	VERB	 liked
Liu Hui independently employed a similar method a few centuries later. In the 14th century, the earliest examples of the use of Taylor series and closely related methods were given by Madhava of Sangamagrama. Though no record of his work survives, writings of later Indian mathematicians	mathematicians	NOUN	suggest	VERB	 suggest
" Football for women ranks between the 5th and 10th most popular sport in the country, though its popularity is increasing. Space to play sport is an issue facing all sports in the country. Between 2000 and 2006, there were no registered female football players in	in	ADP	the	DET	 the
When Wang Mang took control of the government in 9 AD, he abolished the purchase and sale of land in a system called King's Fields (王田). This was a variation of the well field system, where the government owned the land and assured every	every	DET	peasant	NOUN	 peasant
In the game's introduction, the player character has just finished this quest, but is slain by the God King. The player then assumes the role of the dead character's descendant as he starts his own journey at the beginning of the castle. This cycle	cycle	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
ISIL forces entered Palmyra on the same day. Local residents reported that the Syrian air force bombed the site on 13 June, damaging the northern wall close to the Temple of Baalshamin. Since at least 27 May, Palmyra's theatre was used as a place of	of	ADP	public	ADJ	 public
Priestley also developed a " nitrous air test " to determine the " goodness of air ". Using a pneumatic trough, he would mix nitrous air with a test sample, over water or mercury, and measure the decrease in volume — the principle of eudiometry.	.	PUNCT	After	ADP	 After
During his term as Speaker a defamation suit filed against him by an MP resulted in the Supreme Court's ruling that parliamentarians had complete freedom of speech in the House and that the courts had no say in such matters. Reddy described his role as being the '	'	PUNCT	watchman	NOUN	 watchman
Complex organs such as the eye had been presented by William Paley as exemplifying the need for design by God, and anticipating early criticisms that the evolution of the eye and other complex organs seemed impossible, Darwin noted that: [R] eason tells me, that	that	SCONJ	if	SCONJ	 if
In general, the performances, particularly from Craig, Ford and Wilde, were praised whereas the combination of Western and science fiction genres was frequently criticized. Kirk Honeycutt of The Hollywood Reporter praised the film, saying, " It sounds kooky on paper but on the	the	DET	screen	NOUN	 screen
The Home Insurance Building in Chicago, opened in 1884, is, however, most often labelled the first skyscraper because of its innovative use of structural steel in a metal frame design. The Home Insurance Building was a 138 foot (42 m) tall, 10	10	NUM	story	NOUN	 story
Despite advanced warning of the floods, the hurricane killed 107 people on the island, of which 84 were in Humacao. In Haiti, the southern periphery of the hurricane killed three people in Port au Prince. Later, Donna brushed the north coast of Cuba with	with	ADP	strong	ADJ	 strong
The speech was met with much applause and support from the spectators in attendance. Pittsburgh defeated the Bengals, 16 – 7. Steelers kicker Kris Brown scored the first NFL points in the stadium on a 26 yard field goal, and quarterback Kordell Stewart scored the first	first	ADJ	touchdown	NOUN	 touchdown
The cerebellum is also involved in the automatization of some tasks, such as reading. The fact that some dyslexic children have motor task and balance impairments has been used as evidence for a cerebellar role in their reading difficulties. However, the cerebellar theory is not supported	supported	VERB	by	ADP	 by
Pathways casts the player as a member of a US Army Special Forces team sent on a mission to the Yucatán Peninsula. On May 5, 1994, a diplomat from the alien Jjaro appeared to the President of the United States and informed him that on May 13	13	NUM	,	PUNCT	,
Fergus must therefore, according to the theory, have had two wives, one of whom was a bastard daughter of Henry I; that is, Uhtred and his descendants were related to the English royal family, while Gille Brighde and his descendants were not. However	However	ADV	,	PUNCT	,
Since the beginning of time, the two of them had been in a cycle where Dark Gaia would break the planet apart, and Light Gaia would put it back together. Chip was released along with Dark Gaia, but because both of them were released prematurely,	,	PUNCT	he	PRON	 he
Chadderton Fold, the former centrepoint of Chadderton, lies on the banks of the River Irk, 1.3 miles (2 km) north northwest of Chadderton's modern commercial centre. Hollinwood, in pre industrial times, was a moor or common of Chadderton, but was	was	AUX	largely	ADV	 largely
In less than a month Leigh had joined him, explaining that her trip was " partially because Larry's there and partially because I intend to get the part of Scarlett O'Hara " — the role in Gone with the Wind in which she was eventually cast. Olivier	Olivier	PROPN	did	AUX	 did
Kumbakonam dates back to the Sangam period and was ruled by the Early Cholas, Pallavas, Medieval Cholas, Later Cholas, Pandyas, the Vijayanagar Empire, Madurai Nayaks, Thanjavur Nayaks and the Thanjavur Marathas. It rose to be a prominent city between the 7th and	and	CCONJ	9th	ADJ	 9th
The tower was probably built in response to the security situation along the troubled Anglo Scottish border at the time, but it would also have made a social statement about the status and wealth of the Wybergh family, and would have provided additional accommodation. A timber building	building	NOUN	was	AUX	 was
The political system in Vietnam is led by the CPV, and it " leads, respects and promotes the role of the State, the Vietnamese Fatherland Front (VFF) and other socio political organisations. " The National Congress is the party's highest organ. The	The	DET	direction	NOUN	 direction
Pedro II remarked in his journal: " I cried from happiness and also from sorrow seeing my Mother so affectionate toward me but so aged and so sick. " The Emperor proceeded to visit Spain, Great Britain, Belgium, Germany, Austria, Italy, Egypt	Egypt	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
A severity rating method known as the Unified Parkinson's Disease Rating Scale (UPDRS) is the most commonly used metric for clinical study. A modified version known as the MDS UPDRS is also sometimes used. An older scaling method known as the Hoehn and Yahr scale	scale	NOUN	(	PUNCT	 (
After the war, Suzuki and others from his government and their apologists claimed they were secretly working towards peace, and could not publicly advocate it. They cite the Japanese concept of haragei — " the art of hidden and invisible technique " — to justify the dissonance	dissonance	NOUN	between	ADP	 between
Later that year, the ship took part in fleet maneuvers in the Atlantic, and on 24 September she went into dry dock at the Philadelphia Naval Shipyard for an overhaul. Georgia joined the Great White Fleet on 16 December 1907, when they departed Hampton Roads to	to	PART	begin	VERB	 begin
When they did so, they found a forged Austrian passport and a suitcase with the detonators, which he was planning to use in another large bank robbery. After hearing of Kamo's arrest, Lenin feared that he too might be arrested and fled from Finland with	with	ADP	his	PRON	 his
Unlike Sudamerica molariforms, those of Bharattherium taper towards the top. GSI / SR / PAL G074, a well preserved right mf4 that Wilson and colleagues selected as the holotype of Dakshina jederi, is 7.57 mm high and has a crown of 3.66 × 2.99 mm.	.	PUNCT	It	PRON	 It
The winner was a Thornycroft 4 ton steam wagon. Later he was a foundation member of the Royal Automobile Club. During his time in India Calthrop developed his ideas on the construction of narrow gauge railways. He surmised that the axle load on the axles of all	all	DET	rolling	ADJ	 rolling
Actor Chris Rock recommended producer Rubin to Timberlake, who considered the idea and discussed it with Rubin when he saw him at a music festival in Coachella, California. Timberlake went to singer songwriter Neil Diamond's studio, where Rubin played him some demos, one of	of	ADP	which	PRON	 which
Distracted by Drew approaching her, she accidentally pours too much of one substance and causes it to spill. They both rapidly attempt to clean the mess generated. As the song approaches its bridge, Swift and Drew walk towards each other, both smiling, but Drew	Drew	PROPN	then	ADV	 then
Ash can burn plant and crop tissue reducing quality, contaminate crops during harvest and damage plants from ash loading. Young forests (trees <2 years old) are most at risk from ash falls and are likely to be destroyed by ash deposits> 100 mm.	.	PUNCT	Ash	PROPN	 Ash
In the NBA Finals, the Celtics were again the Lakers ' final hurdle. Los Angeles lost game one of the NBA Finals by a score of 148 – 114, in what is remembered as the " Memorial Day Massacre ". The Lakers, behind 38 year	year	NOUN	old	ADJ	 old
New Zealand initially refused the Imperial Gift but later accepted a reduced allotment of 34 aircraft. Most were loaned to private aviation companies, but were returned to the government in the mid 1920s to constitute the New Zealand Permanent Air Force. South Africa's 100 Imperial Gift	Gift	PROPN	aircraft	NOUN	 aircraft
Lexie's death was also nominated under the " Best (Presumed) Death " category, while the plane crash's aftermath was nominated as the " Best Non romantic Cliffhanger ", and the episode in entirety was nominated for the special award for " Biggest Regret That	That	SCONJ	I	PRON	 I
The commonality of findings in Agios Kosmas and Euonymeia suggests that the two settlements were functionally linked coastal and inland communities. The earliest signs of prehistoric settlement in Euonymeia were recognized in the 1950s and ' 60s at the Kontopigado site. During expansion work on the Vouliagmenis Avenue	Avenue	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
In October and November 1944, Christie received intelligence regarding German plans to operate a wolfpack of U boats in Australian waters. He directed Allied forces to detect and eliminate the threat, resulting in the Dutch submarine Zwaardvisch (swordfish) sinking U 168 on 6 October near	near	ADP	Surabaya	PROPN	 Surabaya
A lot of British Asian groups were against this and wanted him to fight more for an England place to set a standard for English Asian youth. It was, however, an unrealistic aspiration. With that in mind, and with the blessings of his father,	,	PUNCT	Rehman	PROPN	 Rehman
" Treasure " first appeared in the UK Singles Chart on May 26, 2013. After three weeks, it reached its peak position at number 12. More than 400,000 copies of the song have been sold in the UK, including streams; it thus received a	a	DET	Gold	PROPN	 Gold
Pangea began to break up in the Triassic, but seafloor spreading to form the Gulf of Mexico occurred only in the mid and late Jurassic. The shoreline shifted again to the eastern margin of the state and the Gulf of Mexico passive margin began to form. Today	Today	NOUN	9	NUM	 9
. As Monster Ripper on the WWC 18th Anniversary Show (July 6, ' 91), she faced and beat El Profe on a woman vs man match. In 1995, Sing was contacted by the World Wrestling Federation to help their fledgling women's division.	.	PUNCT	She	PRON	 She
" Hughes. Hughes stated that he achieved a look similar to the angelic look of Renaissance paintings of the Madonna with the artwork. The album's first single, " Krank ", was released March 8, 2011, and debuted at No. 15 on the	the	DET	Billboard	PROPN	 Billboard
He believed that while Wotanism expounded polytheism for the wider population, those who were members of the Armanist elite were aware of the reality of monotheism. List's Armanism would later be classified as a form of " Ariosophy ", a term which was coined by Lanz	Lanz	PROPN	von	PROPN	 von
Second, as a person ages the skin becomes less adept at producing vitamin D. The immune system is affected by sleep and rest, and sleep deprivation is detrimental to immune function. Complex feedback loops involving cytokines, such as interleukin 1 and tumor necrosis factor α produced	produced	VERB	in	ADP	 in
It was developed by Sumo Digital and published by Sega. The game was released on April 15, 2009 on Xbox Live Arcade. It was also released exclusively in Europe for the PlayStation 3 on April 16, 2009 via the PlayStation Network. Gameplay involves players racing	racing	VERB	their	PRON	 their
Some swells were reported along the east coast of the United States a few days after the storm's recurvature. No reports were available on the impact of Alberto on Iceland, but it was estimated that winds of at least tropical storm force were experienced there. Otherwise	Otherwise	ADV	,	PUNCT	,
An alternative theory is that the Latin annal that mentioned Hunbeanna was derived from an Old English source and that the translator scribe misread the opening word here for part of the name of Beonna. " Her " - ' in this year ' - is the usual opening	opening	NOUN	for	ADP	 for
She was laid down in January 1914 and launched in April 1915; she was completed in May 1916, but was not ready for service in time to participate in the Battle of Jutland at the end of the month. She served with the Grand Fleet for the	the	DET	remainder	NOUN	 remainder
In 2002, the site was officially designated a war grave by the British government. As such, it remains a protected place under the Protection of Military Remains Act of 1986. In 2012, the British Government gave permission for Mearns to return to the site of	of	ADP	Hood	PROPN	 Hood
The effects of Stowe's writings about Florida were duly noted by authorities. Her brother Charles purchased his own land upon her recommendation, not in Mandarin but in Newport near Tallahassee. During a visit to his home in 1874, she and a few Northern investors had	had	VERB	an	DET	 an
The programme won a Royal Television Society 2010 award for Best Children's Drama. A full series of ten 25 minute episodes began on 24 September 2007. The first series consisted of five two part stories, and a second series, comprising six two part stories,	,	PUNCT	began	VERB	 began
From 1927 to the late 1930s, modern NY 15 was part of NY 2. As a result, all of what is now NY 15A was originally designated as New York State Route 2A as part of the 1930 renumbering of state highways in New York. Two	Two	NUM	parts	NOUN	 parts
Heffron and Renshaw backed down on this last provision, leaving no state aid for Catholic schools, and affirming the dominance of the Federal party in such matters. Heffron, humiliated and tired after several decades in ministerial office, resigned as Premier six months later on 30	30	NUM	April	PROPN	 April
Return fire was received from Japanese mortars and machine guns, and a 75 mm howitzer. The first wave had to hold alone in the face of fire from Japanese bunkers for 45 minutes until the LVTs returned with the next wave. Later, they fought off a	a	DET	counterattack	NOUN	 counterattack
The crossover section may also include a high pass " infrasonic " or " subsonic " filter which prevents the subwoofer driver from attempting to reproduce frequencies below its safe capabilities. Some systems use parametric equalization in an attempt to correct for room frequency response irregularities. Equalization is	is	AUX	often	ADV	 often
With an estimated 684,451 residents as of 2015, Seattle is the largest city in both the state of Washington and the Pacific Northwest region of North America. In July 2013, it was the fastest growing major city in the United States and remained in the Top 5	5	NUM	in	ADP	 in
Lastly, satellite imagery indicated Tropical Storm " A " on October 27 to the northeast of Palmyra Island. The last storm of the season was Hurricane Doreen, which formed on October 1 off the southwest Mexican coast. It moved northwestward before curving to the north,	,	PUNCT	although	SCONJ	 although
The two removed the hinges from their cell and escaped from Dirty Bird prison in Hanoi the night of October 12, 1967, climbed to the roof of the prison block and jumped to another roof to escape. They tied themselves together to avoid separation and jumped into	into	ADP	the	DET	 the
In late November 1684, when La Salle had fully recovered from a severe illness, the three remaining ships continued their search for the Mississippi River delta. Before they left Santo Domingo, local sailors warned that strong Gulf currents flowed east and would tug the ships toward	toward	ADP	the	DET	 the
The Spanish met the Saturiwa, a Timucua tribe, who were the largest group of indigenous people in the region, numbering about 14,000. Bands of Timucua extended into central Florida and south Georgia. An estimated 35 chiefdoms existed in the territory, and their societies were	were	AUX	complex	ADJ	 complex
Lysacek was the only American man to qualify for the 2005 – 2006 Grand Prix Final, but he withdrew before the event because of bursitis and tendinitis in his right hip. At the 2006 U.S. Championships, the de facto Olympic qualifier, Lysacek was third after the	the	DET	short	ADJ	 short
His father confronts him privately about his outburst, and when Andy admits to trying to win his father's affection, he reacts with annoyance. This conversation is overheard by the other staff on the baby monitor Jim and Pam brought for their daughter, and Pam quickly	quickly	ADV	turns	VERB	 turns
The next chapter, on poultry and game, begins with recipes for cooking chicken and duck, and goes on to partridge – both à la provençale and in Greek style – quail and pigeons, concluding with snipe cooked en papillote with mushrooms. The Mediterranean theme of	of	ADP	the	DET	 the
I regretted doing it, even as you do, but you'll get over it. " In addition, during an NFL game in 1964 between the Minnesota Vikings and San Francisco 49ers, Minnesota defensive end Jim Marshall ran a recovered fumble 66 yards into his own	own	ADJ	end	NOUN	 end
In 1773, the Regulating Act was passed, regulating affairs of the company in India and London. In 1748, the Treaty of Aix la Chapelle ended the War of the Austrian Succession, but failed to settle the commercial struggle between England and France in the West	West	PROPN	Indies	PROPN	 Indies
When talking about his directing style on set, Chaplin stated that " everything I do is a dance. I think in terms of dance. I think more so in City Lights. " From October to December 1930, Chaplin edited the film and created the title	title	NOUN	cards	NOUN	 cards
Its closest relative is believed to be the ʻōʻū, and some early authors suggested that the Lānaʻi hookbill was merely a deformed ʻōʻū. The Lānaʻi hookbill was a plump, medium sized bird with greenish olive upperparts and pale whitish yellow underparts. It also had a yellow	yellow	ADJ	or	CCONJ	 or
In the semifinal, she withdrew in the middle of match due to severe injuries, in which she was lagging behind by nil to four points. Zamani was beaten by her Korean opponent, Choi Jin Mi, who left a cut over her right eyebrow. But	But	CCONJ	the	DET	 the
This regiment was crewed by both Soviet and veteran Spanish tankers, and was put under the command of Soviet Colonel Kondriatev. Finally, the division also disposed of an infantry brigade and an anti tank artillery company. However, by this time the Republican military command had	had	AUX	relegated	VERB	 relegated
However, he felt that the " overtness " of the episode resulted in many scenes coming off as too on the nose or strained. Television Without Pity gave the episode a B – rating but slightly criticized the way Fox was using Duchovny, sardonically writing, "	"	PUNCT	I	PRON	 I
At the RAF Museum in London there is a forward fuselage of a former United States Army Chinook painted to represent " Bravo November - the RAF's Most Famous Chinook ". The exhibit was opened by retired Air Chief Marshal Sir Richard Johns on the 25th anniversary of	of	ADP	the	DET	 the
) Located in the original center of the community, the Hartford City Courthouse Square Historic District includes significant portions of the city's historic commercial district. The town was platted using the Public Land Survey System typical of Northwest Ordinance communities — with rectangular blocks, and streets	streets	NOUN	running	VERB	 running
In 1981, there were 15 notified slums accommodating 4,499 persons, constituting 17.64% of the population. In 2001, there were still 15 slums accommodating 7,533 persons, constituting 23.37% of the population. The slum area has remained static at 39.45 acres (0.1596 km2	km2	NOUN	)	PUNCT	)
Other genes that are frequently mutated include DAXX, mTOR and ATRX. Apart from not smoking, the American Cancer Society recommends keeping a healthy weight, and increasing consumption of fruits, vegetables, and whole grains, while decreasing consumption of red and processed meat, although	although	SCONJ	there	PRON	 there
Stimpaks and other healing items, including food and water, do not heal the player instantly, but work over a short period of time. RadAway also decreases radiation poisoning gradually, rather than instantly. Stimpaks can not heal crippled limbs; use of a Doctor's	's	PART	Bag	PROPN	 Bag
On one hand, MacArthur forced through a land reform, gave women the right to vote, removed the emphasis on militarism in the educational system, imposed a constitution that renounced the right to wage war, and sought to club the power of the zaibatsu. On	On	ADP	the	DET	 the
The Morning Post commented that it placed him in the first rank of Shakespearean actors. At the beginning of 1931 Baylis re opened Sadler's Wells Theatre with a production of Twelfth Night starring Gielgud as Malvolio and Richardson as Sir Toby Belch. W. A. Darlington in The	The	DET	Daily	PROPN	 Daily
He claimed to have played three years for the University of New Hampshire and to have attained a master's degree from New York University; in actuality, he had attended NYU but did not graduate, and he never played a down of New Hampshire football. Following	Following	VERB	O'Leary	PROPN	 O'Leary
The term refers to the concept that a loophole in federal law exists, under which " [a] ny person may sell a firearm to an unlicensed resident of the State where he resides as long as he does not know or have reasonable cause to believe the	the	DET	person	NOUN	 person
The newborn ray is immediately capable of using electricity to hunt. The electric shock delivered by a marbled electric ray can be severe but is not directly life threatening. Its electrogenic properties have been known since classical antiquity, when live rays were used to treat conditions such	such	ADJ	as	ADP	 as
Some argue that the synchrony of social structure is a methodological perspective rather than an ontological claim. Nonetheless, the problem for theory is how to integrate the two manners of recording and thinking about social data. Sociological research methods may be divided into two broad categories:	:	PUNCT	Quantitative	ADJ	 Quantitative
Howe sent Germain this revised plan, which Germain received on February 23, 1777. Burgoyne, seeking to command a major force, proposed to isolate New England by an invasion from Quebec into New York. This had already been attempted by General Carleton in 1776,	,	PUNCT	although	SCONJ	 although
Producer Orrin Keepnews attempted to record the quartet live at the Five Spot Café on two different occasions in 1958. His first recording of the ensemble was of two sets during their July 9 show. Monk was disappointed with the recording and did not allow his label Riverside	Riverside	PROPN	Records	PROPN	 Records
Filming started in August 2006 at the Wikimania 2006 conference, and by April 2007 the team had aggregated 100 hours of footage. Co director Hill accompanied Wales during 2007, filming him as he journeyed around the globe. Hill took a two person film crew and traveled	traveled	VERB	to	ADP	 to
The animals are led by a man, and an " anxious " woman and baby are in the wagon. A large barrel is attached to the wagon. The bottom of the medallion includes a relief of a cattle skull. The medallion has a diameter of approximately	approximately	ADV	36	NUM	 36
In addition the School of Music of Memorial University of Newfoundland has several ensembles, including a chamber orchestra. St. Johns also plays host to the Tuckamore Festival of chamber music, which has been held every August since 2001. Opera on the Avalon puts on performances of	of	ADP	opera	NOUN	 opera
The object may prove that life originated elsewhere, and all religion is based on the Navajo contact with alien life. Unsuccessful, Scully returns from Africa to revisit Mulder in Washington, D.C., but instead she finds out that he has disappeared. She contacts Kritschgau and	and	CCONJ	Skinner	PROPN	 Skinner
Debris from huts and homes protruded from beneath the gray mud. A few bags filled with crops were discovered in the mud. Workers described an acrid smell of " rotting bodies, [...] wood smoke and decaying vegetables. " To the horror of these workers	workers	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
Władysław Czapliński in his biography of the king is more understanding, noting the short period of his reign (16 years) and the weakness of the royal position he was forced to deal with. Several years after his death, a diplomatic mission from Muscovy demanded that	that	SCONJ	publications	NOUN	 publications
East of Garner, the route takes a north northeasterly path as it goes through Ventura and skirts the northern shore of Clear Lake. Near the northeastern shore of the lake, it enters the city of Clear Lake, where it meets Interstate 35 (I 35)	)	PUNCT	.	PUNCT	.
In March 1961 McClory read an advance copy of the book and he and Whittingham immediately petitioned the High Court in London for an injunction to stop publication. The plagiarism case was heard on 24 March 1961 and allowed the book to be published, although the door was	was	AUX	left	VERB	 left
She left Boston on 1 February 1946 for Bayonne, New Jersey, where she would be berthed in reserve. She arrived there the following day, and on 13 August, she was removed from active service, though she would not be decommissioned until 17 February 1947	1947	NUM	.	PUNCT	.
After a second visit to Italy he moved to London in 1757 and from 1761 he was Principal Painter in Ordinary to George III. He now focused on royal portraits, often presented by the king to ambassadors and colonial governors, but also more intimate works like that	that	PRON	of	ADP	 of
Some commercial time was sold regionally on a co op basis, while other spots were sold network wide. DuMont also holds another important place in American TV history. WDTV's sign on made it possible for stations in the Midwest to receive live network programming from stations	stations	NOUN	on	ADP	 on
The cause of Domery's appetite is not known. While there are other documented cases of similar behaviour from this period none of the subjects other than Domery's contemporary Tarrare were autopsied, and there have been no modern documented cases of polyphagia (excessive appetite) as	as	ADV	extreme	ADJ	 extreme
Cooke's earlier ideas for a mechanical telegraph (involving a clockwork mechanism with an electromagnetic detent) were largely abandoned. In January 1837 Cooke proposed a design for a 60 code telegraph to the directors of the Liverpool and Manchester Railway. This was too complicated for their	their	PRON	purposes	NOUN	 purposes
Carranza belonged to the mainstream line of historians who professed great admiration for Moreno, who he described as follows: " He was the soul of the government of the revolution of May, his nerve, the distinguished statesman of the group managing the ship attacked the absolutism	absolutism	NOUN	and	CCONJ	 and
It was very formulaic; not a lot of chord changes. I tried to make it a little more unique, putting in some special chords that you really don't hear a lot of, which made it unique and special. Then for the next week or	or	CCONJ	two	NUM	 two
In the end we used a tape delay echo, but it sounded new because nobody had done it since the 1950s. I remember Steve Marriott of the Small Faces came up and asked me how we'd got that sound. We were almost trendy for a while	while	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
XIII must infiltrate the base and free Carrington if he is to learn about his past. In the following story, the player learns that the protagonist adopted the identity of the murderer. The murder is part of a conspiracy that aims to overthrow the American government.	.	PUNCT	The	DET	 The
" Rich Rosell from Digitally Obsessed awarded the episode 2.5 out of 5 stars and wrote that " this Chris Carter directed ep [sic] oddly enough doesn't center on the series mythology arc, but instead opts for a stab at the tired ol ' virtual reality	reality	NOUN	genre	NOUN	 genre
Such a plan, he wrote, would end the political instability and reduce the large number of smaller parties. Trikoupis admitted to writing the article after a man supposed by the authorities to be the author was arrested, whereupon he was taken into custody himself. After	After	ADP	a	DET	 a
Also in 2007, Greg Martin released a gospel rock album called The Mighty Jeremiahs as a side project. The album features Jimmy Hall and Jeff Beck, plus appearances by members of The Kentucky Headhunters, Phil Keaggy, Darrell Mansfield (for whom Martin has previously played	played	VERB	)	PUNCT	)
The World Bank cautions that, for India to achieve its economic potential, it must continue to focus on public sector reform, transport infrastructure, agricultural and rural development, removal of labour regulations, education, energy security, and public health and nutrition. In 2016	2016	NUM	,	PUNCT	,
Meioses that result in selfing are unlikely to contribute significantly to beneficial genetic variability, but these meioses may provide the adaptive benefit of recombinational repair of DNA damages that arise, especially under stressful conditions. Nicotine dependence can also be studied using C. elegans because it exhibits behavioral	behavioral	ADJ	responses	NOUN	 responses
When word reached the Palace regarding the reason for Perry's turning down the invitation, it was then extended to include all in the Como party and Como accepted this invitation. Soon after, he announced his first concert tour that began in the UK in the spring	spring	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
They like grasslands, riparian corridors, and developed areas. Red spotted toads, most active in the rainy season, July through September, are found in rocky areas near streams and in canyons. The Great Plains toad, the most common toad in the park,	,	PUNCT	prefers	VERB	 prefers
Jeremy Thompson of Roller Coaster Philosophy gave a similar review, enjoying the ride and ranking it number 15 on his top coasters list; however, he criticized the lack of elements during the ride's second half. Arthur Levine of About.com expanded on Thompson's criticism,	,	PUNCT	calling	VERB	 calling
Charles ensured the Cortes would only have limited power, and further attempted to stack the Cortes with pliable representatives he could bribe. Support for the opposition only increased in response, and the representatives demanded that their grievances be heard first before any new tax was granted.	.	PUNCT	A	DET	 A
Historians believe the Noongar attack on Entwhistle was retribution under their tribal law. Not understanding tribal law (and unlikely to agree with its concepts), the white settlers took the killing to be an unprovoked murder and dispatched a force to arrest Yagan's group, without	without	ADP	success	NOUN	 success
In addition to the literary allusions which are explicitly acknowledged in the text, Bechdel incorporates visual allusions to television programs and other items of pop culture into her artwork, often as images on a television in the background of a panel. These visual references include the film	film	NOUN	It	PRON	 It
In the early days of the colony, the land between Iron Cove and the Cook's River was known as the Kangaroo Ground. This suggests that the land was open terrain favoured by kangaroos, that they were common in the area and may have formed a significant	significant	ADJ	part	NOUN	 part
After Leaf threw four interceptions in the first half against the New York Giants in the Week 4 game (September 28), coach Kevin Gilbride benched Leaf in favor of Craig Whelihan. The following game on October 4 against the Indianapolis Colts matched Leaf against the number	number	NOUN	one	NUM	 one
Though these skyscrapers were commercial successes, criticism mounted as they broke up the ordered city skyline and plunged neighboring streets and buildings into perpetual shadow. Combined with an economic downturn, this led to the introduction of zoning restraints in New York in 1916. In the interwar	interwar	ADJ	years	NOUN	 years
C & R's first sketch was unsatisfactory; their lengthy design of 625 feet (191 m) and 30,000 long tons (30,000 t) actually had less armor than the Nevadas, with a 12.5 inch (320 mm) belt. The design process was marked	marked	VERB	by	ADP	 by
Warde completed designing a new motorcycle within a month, albeit without a support team like he had had when making the original film. After considering Nayantara, Anjali, and Radhika Apte for the female lead, Shriya Saran was finalised for the role in early May 2014	2014	NUM	after	SCONJ	 after
The Protestant James I, who became King of England in 1603, was less tolerant of Catholicism than its followers had hoped. Catesby therefore planned to kill him by blowing up the House of Lords with gunpowder, the prelude to a popular revolt during which a Catholic	Catholic	ADJ	monarch	NOUN	 monarch
Because their stories didn't match. This girl, she was from Alabama, she's not going to stay in the car with two black kids. We believe the second story, that they were dropped off by the Marriott. On Monday, July 4,	,	PUNCT	following	VERB	 following
There is a flange on the dentary of the lower jaw, similar to P. mongoliensis, P. meileyingensis, and P. sattayaraki. It can be told apart from the other species of Psittacosaurus by a combination of 32 anatomical features, including six that are unique to the	the	DET	species	NOUN	 species
The song charted for a week on both the US Billboard Hot Digital Songs top 75 at number 73 and the US Billboard Pop 100 at number 74 for the week ending March 5, 2005, but still did not make the Hot 100, ranking 113th before falling	falling	VERB	out	ADP	 out
This occurred again in January 2010 after a prolonged cold front once again hit southern Florida. The Moche people of ancient Peru worshipped animals and often depicted Green Iguanas in their art. The Green iguana and its relative the Black iguana (Ctenosaura similis) have been used	used	VERB	as	ADP	 as
Florence's population was nearly halved in the year 1347. As a result of the decimation in the populace the value of the working class increased, and commoners came to enjoy more freedom. To answer the increased need for labor, workers traveled in search of the	the	DET	most	ADV	 most
Both stunts involved harnesses and other safety measures. Young also participated in a fight scene with the other vampire characters, but he ended up injuring two of the actors. In one instance Young hit Chad Rook in the face, which caused a fang insert to puncture	puncture	VERB	his	PRON	 his
Robert, with between 5,500 and 6,500 troops, predominantly spearmen, prepared to prevent Edward's forces from reaching Stirling. The battle began on 23 June as the English army attempted to force its way across the high ground of the Bannock Burn, which was surrounded by	by	ADP	marshland	NOUN	 marshland
2013 would bring a return of Woods ' dominating play. He won the Farmers Insurance Open in January 2013 by four shots for his 75th PGA Tour win. It was the seventh time he had won the event. In March, he won the WGC Cadillac Championship	Championship	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
This greater availability of breeding sites has enabled the species to expand its range, but it is possible that this will lead to competition with other hirundines, such as the barn swallow and common house martin, which also use artificial nest sites. An Italian study showed	showed	VERB	that	SCONJ	 that
Briarcliff's school district, the Briarcliff Manor Union Free School District, is rated as the fifth wealthiest school district in the United States and the third wealthiest in New York. Briarcliff High School students greatly exceed averages on New York State Assessment tests, with almost 100	100	NUM	%	NOUN	%
Her aircraft participated in the IJN's first aerial combat on 5 February when three fighters, escorting two attack aircraft, were engaged by nine Chinese fighters; one Chinese fighter was damaged. Two days later, the two carriers sent some of their aircraft to Kunda Airfield	Airfield	PROPN	where	SCONJ	 where
Loose, trailing line can wrap around and cut its way into its flesh, resulting in irreversible injury. Similarly, mantas become entangled in gill nets designed for smaller fish. Some mantas are injured by collision with boats, especially in areas where they congregate and are	are	AUX	easily	ADV	 easily
Predation by orcas on whale calves in high productivity, high latitude areas has been hypothesised to be the reason for great whale migrations to low productivity tropical waters, to reduce the risk of attacks on the highly vulnerable calves due to lower density of orcas in these waters	waters	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
According to Taran Adarsh, the film earned $347,267 on its Wednesday premiere in the United States and was the second highest US premiere grosser (behind Aagadu). It earned $136,168 on Thursday, bringing its two day US box office total to $483,435 (	(	PUNCT	about	ADP	about
On 29 May 1919, the British Cabinet agreed to give 100 aircraft to each of these countries plus replacements for aircraft donated by these countries to Britain during the war. These aircraft formed the core of newly established air forces in several of the countries. In Canada	Canada	PROPN	the	DET	 the
Among these machines was the Vickers F.B.16. McCudden claimed to have reached 136 miles per hour (mph) in the aircraft describing it as a " nice bus ". Other pilots noted it was faster than the French SPAD and the S.E.5. On the strength of	of	ADP	this	DET	 this
Hamels also started Game 5, which was suspended due to rain after the top of the sixth inning tied at 2 2, and receiving a no decision; when game five resumed the Phillies won 4 3 to clinch the World Series. Overall, Hamels made five	five	NUM	postseason	NOUN	 postseason
At 18: 28 UTC, the aircraft was reported turning to the north. ICAO analysis concluded that the flight crew " retained limited control " of the aircraft. Finally, the aircraft began to descend in spirals over Moneron Island before coming down 2.6 miles (4.2	4.2	NUM	km	NOUN	 km
Most modern cannon are similar to those used in the Second World War, including autocannon — with the exception of naval guns, which are now significantly smaller in caliber. Prior to the invention of the cannon, projectile weapons existed using compressed air and steam. The	The	DET	invention	NOUN	 invention
In act 2 a short orchestral introduction is followed by an off stage chorus, notable for its sparse accompaniment — a tambourine and two piccolos. After Nourabad reminds Leila of her oath and leaves her alone she sings her cavatina " Comme autrefois ". Two French horns	horns	NOUN	introduce	VERB	 introduce
The character also draws inspiration from American serial killer Herbert Mullin, who likewise felt that his victims had offered him permission to kill them. Mullin claimed that their last words were often " I understand ". Scott Heindl, who portrayed Jacob Tyler, would later return	return	VERB	in	ADP	 in
He was also a proponent of greater collaboration between non governmental organizations (NGOs) and UN agencies. The Prince's interest in ecological issues led him to establish the Bellerive Foundation in the late 1970s, and he was a knowledgeable and respected collector of Islamic art.	.	PUNCT	Born	VERB	 Born
His 6,134 total bases remained a major league record until surpassed by Hank Aaron, and his hit total still ranks fourth all time, and is the highest by any player who spent his career with only one team. A seven time batting champion with identical totals of	of	ADP	1,815	NUM	 1,815
In his later writings he would attempt to present himself as an opponent of Diocletian's " sanguinary edicts " against the " worshippers of God ", but nothing indicates that he opposed it effectively at the time. Although no contemporary Christian challenged Constantine for his inaction during	during	ADP	the	DET	 the
The instrumentation is added, using abbreviations for instruments, followed by key and time signature, and the NBA number of a corresponding movement within the work's symmetry. There are no extant Flute parts for this version, so the movements that normally require them have Violins	Violins	NOUN	doubling	VERB	 doubling
At the end of the conflict the castle was restored to its previous condition and is now managed by English Heritage as a tourist attraction. St Catherine's Castle was built as a consequence of the international tensions between England, France and the Holy Roman Empire in the	the	DET	final	ADJ	 final
Western demand for Chinese goods declined relative to new options (for example, coffee from the West Indies began to replace tea in the United States), while Chinese demand for Western items increased, such as for English manufactures, American cotton goods, and opium which	which	PRON	was	AUX	 was
When Marco attends the special effects department his face is covered in latex, the camera then very slowly, hypnotically zooms in. Marco is obliged to use his " star " recognition to help promote his new film, when his publicist calls he becomes passive and mechanically	mechanically	ADV	takes	VERB	 takes
For companies that face difficulty in obtaining financing due to a perception of high credit risk, the IFC securitizes assets with predictable cash flows, such as mortgages, credit cards, loans, corporate debt instruments, and revenue streams, in an effort to enhance those companies	companies	NOUN	'	PART	 '
Two days later on September 21, Cedar Fair announced the closure of all other WindSeekers to conduct an internal review. The company said that until the review concludes, none of the rides would operate again. The rides remained closed through the remainder of the 2012 season	season	NOUN	at	ADP	 at
His serious remarks could get him in trouble as well. Some of his public utterances in 1913, in which he appeared to advocate radical ideas in regard to the inheritance of property, caused much criticism. Marshall's wit is best remembered from a phrase he introduced	introduced	VERB	to	ADP	 to
The song is easily audible at 200 m (660 ft), and can be heard at 600 m (2,000 ft) in good conditions; it can be confused with the very similar sound of the European mole cricket. The female does not sing, but	but	CCONJ	when	SCONJ	 when
Its mushrooms commonly grow in large clusters and are noted for their foul odor and phallic shape when mature. It is saprobic, and as such it is encountered in a wide variety of habitats rich in wood debris, from forests to mulched gardens or sawdust piles in	in	ADP	urban	ADJ	 urban
The division was also to take over responsibility for the security of the Zagreb – Karlovac railway line from the 1st Cossack Division. Before the division had completed detraining at Zagreb, its lead elements had been pressed into service to clear the Partisans from the nearby village of	of	ADP	Žumberak	PROPN	 Žumberak
The mathematician and cartographer Edward Wright assisted Molyneux in plotting coastlines on the terrestrial globe and translated some of the legends into Latin. On 10 April 1591, the astrologer and physician Simon Forman visited Molyneux's workshop and taught him how to find longitude. It appears that	that	SCONJ	after	SCONJ	 after
" The Force Unleashed II performed under expectations. In the United States, it sold 500,000 copies within its first two weeks, thereby becoming the fifth best selling video game of October 2010. The Force Unleashed II was the fifth highest selling game of the week in	in	ADP	the	DET	 the
This rebuilding included the royal chapel, which would come to house the Emerald Buddha. To find more material for these constructions, King Rama I ordered his men to go upstream to the old capital city of Ayutthaya, which was destroyed in 1767 during a war between	between	ADP	Burma	PROPN	 Burma
A second downloadable content pack was announced for the game in July 2010. The Trials HD Big Thrills Pack features forty new courses made by RedLynx, but unlike the Trials HD Big Pack it also features ten user created courses. These ten courses are to be decided	decided	VERB	from	ADP	 from
Ten thousand sets were sold for $1 each at various stores and banks in the city. Both in 1967 and 1968, U.S. Rep. Fred B. Rooney lobbied the United States Post Office Department seeking for the Peace Candle to chosen for the official Christmas Stamp in the	the	DET	following	ADJ	 following
The 59 seconds of footage were first broadcast on France 2's nightly news at 8: 00 pm local time (GMT + 2), after which France 2 distributed several minutes of raw footage around the world without charge. Jamal and Muhammad were taken by ambulance	ambulance	NOUN	to	ADP	 to
It is a complex composition, of about 250 x 250 centimetres. Leonardo did numerous drawings and preparatory studies, including a detailed one in linear perspective of the ruined classical architecture which makes part of the backdrop to the scene. But in 1482 Leonardo went off to	to	ADP	Milan	PROPN	 Milan
This served to fire up Kennedy to give an even greater effort towards making the team. Toronto's first pre season exhibition game was against the St. Catharine Saints, a senior team now being coached by Kennedy's former junior coach Nels Stewart. After the game,	,	PUNCT	Kennedy	PROPN	 Kennedy
McCay had earlier introduced dinosaurs into his comic strip work, such as a March 4, 1905, episode of Dream of the Rarebit Fiend in which a Brontosaurus skeleton took part in a horse race, and a May 25, 1913, Rarebit Fiend episode in which	which	PRON	a	DET	 a
Bardas and his brother Petronas, as well as their relative Sergios Niketiates, were also members, but it was the logothete Theoktistos who quickly established himself as Theodora's chief advisor. Bardas still played an active role in the early days of the regency, encouraging Theodora	Theodora	PROPN	to	PART	 to
The younger Seward returned to Schenectady, but soon left school in company with a fellow student, Alvah Wilson. The two took ship from New York to Georgia, where Wilson had been offered a job in rural Putnam County as rector, or principal, of a	a	DET	new	ADJ	 new
It was first recorded in 1837 by botanist Thomas Edmondston. Although reported from two other sites in the nineteenth century, it currently grows only on two serpentine hills on the island of Unst. The nationally scarce oysterplant is found on several islands and the British Red Listed	Listed	PROPN	bryophyte	NOUN	 bryophyte
The significant number of new features was praised, as were the gameplay improvements. Some reviewers, however, were critical of the presentation of units — they were seen as bland and uninteresting — while others considered The Age of Kings to be too similar to its predecessor	predecessor	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
One way out was to avoid the issue of death entirely. " According to Big Bird's actor Carroll Spinney, producers had considered the idea of writing Mr. Hooper out of the script: " we didn't know what to do. We thought perhaps he could	could	AUX	just	ADV	 just
On 12 December, Wyoming, now the flagship of Rear Admiral William Sims, the new BatDiv 9 commander, left Britain for France. There, she rendezvoused off Brest, France with George Washington, which was carrying President Woodrow Wilson to the peace negotiations in Paris	Paris	PROPN	.	PUNCT	.
" Before New Brian and Lois sing " Summer Nights " as featured in Grease, Peter sings R.E.M. ' s " Everybody Hurts ". Stewie reads and then rips apart Nancy Reagan's memoir, My Turn. Mumm Ra, the antagonist from the 1980s cartoon Thundercats	Thundercats	PROPN	and	CCONJ	 and
Cinematographer Gabriel Beristain, returning from the One Shot, used a combination of modern digital technology and traditional analog techniques to replicate the feel of classic films that are set in the 1940s, but to also have the convenience and consistency of modern technology. Beristain uses the	the	DET	Arri	PROPN	 Arri
Beach houses were destroyed, and large swaths of nearby cropland were heavily damaged. In addition to the storm surge, Nagoya experienced sustained winds of about 145 km / h (90 mph), with gusts reaching as high as 260 km / h (160 mph	mph	NOUN	)	PUNCT	)
" Far Away Places " was watched by 2.6 million viewers and achieved 0.9 million viewers in the key 18 – 49 demographic. The episode received overwhelming critical acclaim, with many critics noting the episode's formal experiments with and focus on the passage of time. The	The	DET	sequence	NOUN	 sequence
He would finish his rookie season with 62 points in 70 games. In 1989 – 90, his second NHL season, Sakic was able to switch his number back to his familiar # 19 (Alain Côté had retired over the summer), and scored 102 points	points	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
The tunnel was part of a series of four tunnels used to cross the Blue Ridge Mountains of Virginia for the Virginia Central Railroad of the United States. The Brookville Tunnel was the second tunnel used to cross the mountains from the east (the easternmost being the Greenwood	Greenwood	PROPN	Tunnel	PROPN	 Tunnel
At the university, Moe finds his old professor, who is dying. After advising Moe to modernize his bar, the professor drowns himself in the campus lake. Soon, the tavern is renovated by Formico, the self proclaimed " Dean of Design ", into	into	ADP	a	DET	 a
Balfour and Turner also designed Aldford House on Park Lane, an " ornate but stunted " free standing stone mansion for the diamond magnate Alfred Beit which was replaced in 1932 by a modernist apartment block designed by Val Myer. Their other most notable work was St Anselm	Anselm	PROPN	's	PART	's
In July, while Fuentes was busied in the siege of Doullens, Maurice of Nassau, statholder of the Dutch Republic, assembled a force of 6,000 infantry, some cavalry companies and 16 artillery pieces of the Dutch States Army, and led them under the walls of	of	ADP	Groenlo	PROPN	 Groenlo
(1802) made a passing comment on the section on measurements in an eight page study of the Essay while Wright Henderson (1910), in a four page study of the Essay, made no comments about measurements at all. Mouton's proposals were taken seriously	seriously	ADV	by	ADV	 by
Lap 36 saw a collision between Pastor Maldonado and Marcus Ericsson, but both drivers were able to continue the race. Two laps later, Maldonado was in another fight for position with the other Sauber of Felipe Nasr, moving ahead. He ultimately received a five second	second	ADJ	penalty	NOUN	 penalty
In addition, legal counsel to the president Harriet Miers and deputy chief of staff to the president Joshua Bolten were both found in contempt of Congress. In 2010, the Justice Department investigator concluded that though political considerations did play a part in as many as four of	of	ADP	the	DET	 the
A December meeting in Malta brought Gorbachev and George H. W. Bush together for their first summit. The June 1990 summit in Washington brought several bilateral agreements, covering chemical weapons, trade, aviation, grain, maritime boundaries, peaceful uses of atomic energy, ocean exploration	exploration	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
Dhanush's well toned body was remarked upon by the media, but Dhanush clarified the workout was mostly for promoting the film rather than having done it as an integral part of his character. Velraj later commented about the requirement of a muscular appearance for a fight scene	scene	NOUN	in	ADP	 in
Although a fan of the Lion King franchise, Union avoided watching previous Lion King films in preparation for the role because she wanted to " put [her] own stamp " on the character. In the Broadway musical adaptation of The Lion King, the role of	of	ADP	Nala	PROPN	 Nala
Recent archaeological work at Portmahomack places the foundation of the monastery there, an area once assumed to be among the last converted, in the late sixth century. In the east and north, Class II Pictish stones began to show Christian symbolism from the early eighth century	century	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
Macroscopically, I. rivularis, which could grow in similar habitats to that of I. saliceticola, produces larger mushrooms and has powder only towards the top of the stem. It also differs microscopically. Inocybe saliceticola grows in a mycorrhizal association with willow (Salix). Precise	Precise	ADJ	favoured	VERB	 favoured
There was also a proposal to have PA 321 bypass Kane to the east and intersect a relocated PA 68 south of Kane and a relocated US 6 east of the borough. On March 11, 1965, plans were unveiled by PDH secretary Henry Harral for constructing PA	PA	PROPN	321	NUM	 321
Similarly, Hageman has identified the early scene at Winkies as " extremely uncanny ", because it is a scene where the " boundaries separating physical reality from the imaginary realities of the unconscious disintegrate ". Author Valtteri Kokko has identified three groups of " uncanny metaphors "	"	PUNCT	:	PUNCT	:
The final draft was finished and turned in on December 8. After everyone had read the script, the studio decided to spend a little more on the episode than average (at that time, Daily Variety estimated an average cost of $1.2 million.) This	This	PRON	gave	VERB	 gave
Robinson won the first five rounds according to The New York Times Joseph C. Nichols, before Zivic came back to land several punches to Robinson's head in the sixth and seventh rounds. Robinson controlled the next two rounds, and had Zivic wobbly in the ninth.	.	PUNCT	After	ADP	 After
The cameras were fitted with data capture models to provide technical data for the CGI artists. The Phantom Menace was the final Star Wars film to be shot on 35 mm film until Episode VII (Star Wars: The Force Awakens). Some scenes, mostly of	of	ADP	elements	NOUN	 elements
It is stored in a small chalkbag which can be tied around the waist, allowing the climber to reapply chalk during the climb. Brushes are used to remove excess chalk and other debris from boulders in between climbs; they are often attached to the end of a	a	DET	stick	NOUN	 stick
Secondary schools include Sekolah Menengah Kebangsaan Kinabutan, Sekolah Menengah Kebangsaan Jalan Apas, Sekolah Menengah Kebangsaan Kabota, and Sekolah Menengah Kebangsaan Pasir Putih. The town has two private schools, called the Sabah Chinese High School (Sekolah Tinggi Cina Sabah) and Vision Secondary School (	(	PUNCT	Sekolah	PROPN	Sekolah
The image of Jews among the Belorussian and Ukrainian minorities waving red flags to welcome Soviet troops had great symbolic meaning in Polish memory of the period. Young Jews joined or organized communist militias, others organized a new, communist, temporary self government. Such militias often	often	ADV	disarmed	VERB	 disarmed
Quatermass returns to the Rocket Group, where Leo has reconstructed the meteorite, which can carry ammonia and other gases and travel through the atmosphere to the ground in one piece. In London, the Metropolitan Police claim they have no jurisdiction over the matter, so he	he	PRON	goes	VERB	 goes
The episode makes heavy use of a medicine wheel. Doggett first discovers this symbol on the unknown grave that he digs up. The wheel is a Native American symbol common in folklore that is considered sacred; although the size and shape varies, it usually consists of	of	ADP	a	DET	 a
The Dakotas were tasked with airlifting cargo, VIPs, troops and casualties, as well as courier flights and supply drops. Following No. 38 Squadron's departure in December 1952, No. 90 Wing was disbanded, leaving No. 1 Squadron to carry on as	as	ADP	the	DET	 the
The official boundary of Texas was set at the Sabine River (the current boundary between Texas and Louisiana), and following the Red and Arkansas rivers to the 42nd parallel (California's current northern border). In 1908, historian Herbert Eugene Bolton identified an area	area	NOUN	along	ADP	 along
Grand Secretary Yang Tinghe under Jiajing was determined to break the eunuch influence at court which typified the Zhengde era, an example being the costly escort of the eunuch Liu Yun as described above in his failed mission to Tibet. The court eunuchs were in favor of expanding	expanding	VERB	and	CCONJ	 and
The robes of peers and peeresses are used only during coronations. The canopy bearers wear their Garter robes as well as Tudor style underdress. Peers wear coronets, as do most members of the Royal Family; such coronets display heraldic emblems based on rank or association to	to	ADP	the	DET	 the
Though Evans was the stronger of the two against the clock, Schleck had surpassed expectations in the long time trial at the 2010 Tour de France, leading to speculation as to whether his 57 second cushion over the Australian could be sufficient for him to win the Tour	Tour	PROPN	.	PUNCT	.
Captain Sudarto leads his men – together with women and children – over more than 200 kilometres (120 mi), resting during the day and travelling in the morning and evening. They face hunger, a shortage of supplies, and Dutch air strikes. Along the	the	DET	way	NOUN	 way
Both plans started in July, but by mid September, the Battle for Guadalcanal took priority for the Japanese, and troops in New Guinea were ordered to withdraw from the Port Moresby area to the northern part of the island, where they faced Australian and United States	States	PROPN	troops	NOUN	 troops
After Head Coach Rick Bowness demoted Daigle had been demoted to the fourth line, General Manager Randy Sexton fired Bowness and Assistant Coach Alain Vigneault on November 20, 1995. He replaced the coaches with Prince Edward Island Senators coach Dave Allison and gave the assistant coaching job	job	NOUN	to	ADP	 to
The pro French Jeffersonians lost support and quickly became the minority as many began to demand full scale war. The affair heightened fears of sedition by the administration's opponents and legislation was introduced in response. The president knew that America would be unable to win a conflict	conflict	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
The 1926 General Strike reduced this to 3 per cent; by 1929 it was back to 4 per cent. In 1913, the Met had refused a merger proposal made by the UERL and it remained stubbornly independent under the leadership of Robert Selbie. The Railways Act	Act	PROPN	1921	NUM	 1921
They reigned as the four best players in the world every season from 2008 – 2016. These players were considered dominant in terms of ranking and tournament victories, including Grand Slam tournaments and ATP Masters 1000 events, as well as the ATP World Tour Finals and Olympic	Olympic	PROPN	Games	PROPN	 Games
In 1980, Larkin was invited by the Poets ' Audio Center, Washington, to record a selection of poems from the full range of his poetic output for publication on a Watershed Foundation cassette tape. The recording was made in February 1980 (at Larkin's own	own	ADJ	expense	NOUN	 expense
However, power was quickly restored within an hour after cutoff. Winds within the city peaked at 75 mph (120 km / h). Damage in the city was estimated to be below $100,000. Further south in Port Isabel, Texas, winds peaked at	at	ADP	76	NUM	 76
Senechal noted that two other trial courts in the circuit had already ruled that double jeopardy did not apply, that the ICRA only recognized the inherent sovereignty of the tribes and did not delegate prosecutorial power to the tribe. She further noted that another circuit court had ruled	ruled	VERB	the	DET	 the
It was the single greatest classical authority on the subject and the most influential herbal ever written, serving as a model for herbals and pharmacopoeias, both oriental and occidental, for the next 1000 years up to the Renaissance. It drew together much of the accumulated herbal	herbal	ADJ	knowledge	NOUN	 knowledge
Because he went to a military school, attended some college, and had some flight experience, Tibbets qualified for the Aviation Cadet Training Program. On 25 February 1937, he enlisted in the army at Fort Thomas, Kentucky, and was sent to Randolph Field in	in	ADP	San	PROPN	 San
As Beeman explains Rosenbaum's thoughts, "... either Lex is horrified and appalled, or he liked it, and it felt good to him ". According to Rosenbaum, when Lex reaches that point where he uses all of his mind, and " really flips	flips	VERB	out	ADP	 out
Not only Juvenal thought the sack was the standard by which the appropriate punishment for Nero should be measured; the statues of Nero were despoiled and vandalized, and according to the Roman historian Suetonius, one statue was draped in a sack given a placard that said "	"	PUNCT	I	PRON	 I
" Morimosa from Nifty.com complimented Hamasaki's song writing; he compared the song writing to the rest of the songs from Duty, and commended how she inducted a " pessimistic " nature rather than " anxiety " or " aggression ". Hamasaki hosted an online voting poll	poll	NOUN	for	SCONJ	 for
Iwiński and Kiciński were video game retailers before they founded the company. CD Projekt is best known for their The Witcher series of video games and their digital distribution service GOG.com. The company began translating major Western video game releases into Polish, collaborating with Interplay Entertainment for	for	ADP	two	NUM	 two
Sheeran wrote the song with Snow Patrol member, Johnny McDaid, who had a piano loop from which the composition developed. After recording several versions with other producers, Sheeran eventually solicited help from Jeff Bhasker; the collaboration generated a version that Bhasker further enhanced for months	months	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
The first was a cover of the Eagles ' 1975 hit " Lyin ' Eyes " for Common Thread: The Songs of the Eagles, an album released in late 1993 via Giant Records which featured various country musicians covering that band's songs. Diamond Rio had originally	originally	ADV	wanted	VERB	 wanted
About a month before the race took place, in February 2015, the race organisers published a publicity poster for the race. This poster showed a woman, with her dress raised and underwear with the race logo visible. A cyclist's gloved hand was reaching out	out	ADP	apparently	ADV	 apparently
When the play opened on 1 October the music was dismissed by critics as too complex for popular taste. However, encouraged by Reyer and Massenet, Bizet fashioned a four movement suite from the music, which was performed under Pasdeloup on 10 November to an enthusiastic reception	reception	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
In an editorial a week after the shooting, The Washington Post criticized the actions of police officers as " a Keystone Cops operation from start to finish ", alluding to the lack of proper execution by the sheriff's office's SWAT team. Additionally, groups such	such	ADJ	as	ADP	 as
The Persian fleet began to retreat towards Phalerum, but according to Herodotus, the Aeginetans ambushed them as they tried to leave the Straits. The remaining Persian ships limped back to the harbour of Phalerum and the shelter of the Persian army. The Athenian general Aristides then	then	ADV	took	VERB	 took
The content was only made available by pre ordering the game with a specific retailer or purchasing a product, such as a NOS beverage, to obtain an unlockable code. A variety of alternate outfits for Batman were revealed in August 2011, including suit designs worn by	by	ADP	the	DET	 the
They adapt to higher elevations by extending their wing stroke amplitude. Bumblebees have a largely cosmopolitan distribution but are absent from Australia (apart from Tasmania where they have been introduced) and are found in Africa only north of the Sahara. The bumblebee tongue (the proboscis	proboscis	PROPN	)	PUNCT	)
Some of it, a bit more world. " It was Australian electronic music duo Empire of the Sun that inspired Usher to produce the album's title track, with producer Rico Love, which led to the singer collaborating with producers he normally wouldn't work with	with	ADP	or	CCONJ	 or
The figure of " Christ in Glory " would be installed on the west face of the drum. This proposal was accepted by the Dean and the cathedral chapter. They approached the War Damage Commission about whether funds initially meant for replacement of stained glass damaged in the	the	DET	bombing	NOUN	 bombing
The church's interior exhibits an open architectural plan. A plain wooden frame pulpit stands against the rear wall, underneath the middle window. The church's floor consists of pine boards installed during the church's 1968 restoration. The church's ceiling, measuring approximately 15	15	NUM	feet	NOUN	 feet
Harrison was working on a reissue of the album and film before his death in November 2001. Although the project was due for release the following year, the new editions were not made available until 24 October 2005. The album was remastered for this release, with	with	ADP	the	DET	 the
Die Feen, Das Liebesverbot and Rienzi were performed at both Leipzig and Bayreuth in 2013 to mark the composer's bicentenary. Wagner's middle stage output began with Der fliegende Holländer (The Flying Dutchman, 1843), followed by Tannhäuser (1845) and Lohengrin (	(	PUNCT	1850	NUM	1850
Occupying an area of around 4 ' × 2 ', NGC 6845 is an interacting system of four galaxies — two spiral and two lenticular galaxies — that is estimated to be around 88 megaparsecs (287 million light years) distant. SN 2008da was a type II	II	PROPN	supernova	PROPN	 supernova
On 19 April 2009, 21 polo ponies died shortly before a match in the United States Polo Open. Three days later, a pharmacy released a statement explaining that the horses had received an incorrect dose of one of the ingredients used in a vitamin / mineral supplement	supplement	ADJ	compound	NOUN	 compound
The route, named Hyde Park Boulevard for its entire length, heads north initially as a city maintained, undivided four lane highway; after two blocks, the roadway widens and becomes maintained by the New York State Department of Transportation. NY 61 continues onward through the	the	DET	densely	ADV	 densely
Until the report of this species and the related Pulveroboletus luteocarneus, 12 species of Pulveroboletus had been reported in tropical Africa. According to Degreef & De Kesel, who described the species in a 2009 publication, P. bembae belongs to the section Pulveroboletus of the genus Pulveroboletus	Pulveroboletus	PROPN	.	PUNCT	.
Poppea joins Nerone, and tells him that Seneca claims to be the power behind the imperial throne. This so angers Nerone that he instructs his guards to order Seneca to commit suicide. After Nero leaves, Ottone steps forward and after failing to persuade Poppea to reinstate	reinstate	VERB	him	PRON	 him
The town is served by Romford railway station on the TfL Rail in London fare zone 6. Trains calling at the station are formed of the high frequency Liverpool Street Shenfield local TfL Rail service. Some Abellio Greater Anglia services to / from Southend Victoria and Colchester Town	Town	PROPN	also	ADV	 also
Kabhi Khushi Kabhie Gham... won several awards at popular award ceremonies the following year, including five Filmfare Awards. Yashvardhan " Yash " Raichand (Amitabh Bachchan) is a rich businessman living in India with his wife Nandini (Jaya Bachchan) and two sons Rahul and	and	CCONJ	Rohan	PROPN	 Rohan
Since the early 1980s, Armstrong has been the subject of a hoax saying that he converted to Islam after hearing the adhan, the Muslim call to prayer, while walking on the Moon. The Indonesian singer Suhaemi wrote a song called " Gema Suara Adzan di Bulan	Bulan	PROPN	"	PUNCT	 "
By this stage the writers had already talked about a chase sequence along the Great Wall, as well as a fight scene amongst the Terracotta Army. Wilson also wrote two plot outlines about a drug lord in the Golden Triangle before the plans fell through. The writers	writers	NOUN	eventually	ADV	 eventually
This dichotomy of food for the living and gold for the dead is a theme in the myth of King Midas, versions of which draw on elements of the Dionysian mysteries. The Phrygian king's famous " golden touch " was a divine gift from Dionysus, but	but	CCONJ	its	PRON	 its
Windows Mobile 6.5 was a stopgap update to Windows Mobile 6.1 intended to bridge the gap between version 6.1 and the then yet to be released Windows Mobile 7 (Later canceled in favor of Windows Phone 7), that arrived in 2010. It was never part of	of	ADP	Microsoft	PROPN	 Microsoft
Turning Points: A journey through challenges by A P J Abdul Kalam; Harper Collins India, 2012. Target 3 Billion by A P J Abdul Kalam and Srijan Pal Singh; December 2011 | Publisher Penguin Books. My Journey: (titled எனது பயணம ் -	-	PUNCT	Tamil	PROPN	 Tamil
By the time he began his sophomore season he stood at 5 feet 8 inches (1.73 m). As a junior, Dawkins transferred to Palo Alto High School in Palo Alto, California. That year he earned 2012 All San Jose Mercury News boys basketball third	third	ADJ	team	NOUN	 team
It is thought that the first West Saxon coinage was minted during Ine's reign, though no coins bearing his name have been found — sceattas typically gave no hint of the reigning king. The earliest Anglo Saxon law code to survive, which may date from 602	602	NUM	or	CCONJ	 or
Some became " revenue farmers ", middlemen within the corporate structure of the VOC, tasked with collecting export – import duties and managing the harvest of natural resources; although this was highly profitable, it earned the enmity of the pribumi population. Others worked as opium	opium	NOUN	farmers	NOUN	 farmers
Until 2010 the parliamentary constituency was still called Woodspring and was represented in the House of Commons of the Parliament of the United Kingdom, however following the review of parliamentary representation by the Boundary Commission for England in Somerset, this seat was renamed North Somerset. It elects	elects	VERB	one	NUM	 one
Investment in English castles, especially royal castles, declined dramatically. James sold off many royal castles in England to property developers, including York and Southampton Castle. A royal inspection in 1609 highlighted that the Edwardian castles of North Wales, including Conwy, Beaumaris and Caernarfon	Caernarfon	PROPN	were	AUX	 were
The band released their debut single one month later, a 7 inch vinyl of " Unfinished Business " on 28 April 2008. The limited pressing was released by Chess Club Records, an independent record label co founded by drummer Jack Brown. To mark the release,	,	PUNCT	the	DET	 the
Upon the initial count, Task Force Smith suffered 20 killed in action, 130 wounded in action or missing in action, and around 36 captured. After the end of the war this figure was revised to 60 dead, 21 wounded and 82 captured, 32 of	of	ADP	whom	PRON	 whom
In southwestern Florida, the storm produced a storm surge of 1.13 ft (0.34 m) in St. Petersburg. In the central portion of the state, some areas for pasture were flooded due to outer rainbands. After striking southeastern Louisiana, Hurricane Katrina made its final	final	ADJ	landfall	NOUN	 landfall
WABN produces a local public service program called " Abingdon Talks ", which airs on Sundays. The station broadcasts the entire schedule of Abingdon High School athletics live throughout the year. Syndicated programs heard on WABN include Earth & Sky and the Old Farmer's Almanac "	"	PUNCT	Radio	PROPN	 Radio
Farming and forestry are other important industries. 2008 plans for a large salmon farm holding 800,000 or more fish in Lamlash Bay have been criticised by the Community of Arran Seabed Trust. They feared the facility could jeopardise Scotland's first marine No Take Zone, which was	was	AUX	announced	VERB	 announced
" Romain Rolland and Francis Poulenc have both considered Massenet an influence on Debussy's Pelléas et Mélisande; Debussy was a student at the Conservatoire during Massenet's professorship but did not study under him. Massenet's growing reputation did not prevent a contretemps with the Paris Opéra	Opéra	PROPN	in	ADP	 in
Goodridge completed Beauty Revealed in 1828, likely from looking at herself in a mirror. Several works have been cited as possible inspirations, including John Vanderlyn's Ariadne Asleep on the Island of Naxos and Horatio Greenough's sculpture Venus Victrix. Goodridge sent her portrait to Webster	Webster	PROPN	when	SCONJ	 when
Nekota challenges Anderson, but loses due to developing punch drunk syndrome from his fight with Kamogawa. During the fight, Anderson used an illegal punch on Nekota that worsened his condition. After Nekota's defeat, Kamogawa begins intensive training to defeat Anderson. Through his training	training	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
Among Harrison's other peers, Paul Simon described " Something " as a " masterpiece " and Elton John said: " ' Something ' is probably one of the best love songs ever, ever, ever written... It's better than ' Yesterday, ' much	much	ADV	better	ADJ	 better
Although having reached legal retirement age in 1927, and thus unable to be offered another five year contract, Murray was reappointed on an annual basis each year until 1935. At this point, she retired, expressing the opinion that she was glad to leave UCL,	,	PUNCT	for	ADP	 for
Around 1700 the Lord of the Manor was Sir William Jones, the Attorney General of England and in the 1820s it was the seat of Lord Lyttelton. Until about 1880 the village had toll roads and a toll house to collect the fees. By 1848 the population	population	NOUN	was	AUX	 was
According to the operational doctrine developed by the RAF, in the circumstance of deploying a large scale nuclear strike, each Victor would have operated entirely independently; the crews would conduct their mission without external guidance and be reliant upon the effectiveness of their individual tactics to reach	reach	VERB	and	CCONJ	 and
Excavated soil can cover grass and limit lifestock grazing; freshly sprouted grains may be similarly damaged. An estimate of impact from camas pocket gopher activities in the Willamette Valley in 1918 amounted to $1.5 million annual losses. Gopher activities can provide a benefit of soil aeration	aeration	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
The Safety Board believes that the flight crew ’ s failure to take such precautions and the decision to attempt takeoff while unsure of wing cleanliness led to this accident and is a cause of it. In a television interview, one of the NTSB investigators suggested that "	"	PUNCT	the	DET	 the
He was also in overall command of the naval operations which succeeded in destroying or driving off much of the French force sent to support the Irish Rebellion of 1798 culminating in the Battle of Tory Island, at which he was not present. Later in the year he	he	PRON	joined	VERB	 joined
In October 1980, Luis Vigdor, assistant vice president for bullion and numismatic operations of Manfra, Tordella & Brookes, then one of the largest coin firms in the country, compared the medallions and the efforts to market them unfavorably to the South African Krugerrand. According	According	VERB	to	ADP	 to
The Western countries, who dictated the treaties in the aftermath of the First World War, saw minority safeguards as unnecessary for themselves, and trusted that they could fulfill the " standard of civilization ". It was the new Central and Eastern European countries that were not	not	PART	trusted	VERB	 trusted
In 2010 he anticipated that OSI will " remain a studio band. " In September 2008, Moore posted an update on the Chroma Key website, stating that he and Matheos had been working on a third OSI album for several months. Portnoy was replaced by Porcupine	Porcupine	PROPN	Tree	PROPN	 Tree
The announcement also meant that the Seattle Sounders of the USL First Division would play its final season the year before the new MLS franchise was formed. " Seattle Sounders FC " was announced as the team name on April 7, 2008, along with the team logo	logo	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
In June 2009, the book was awarded a Canadian Booksellers Association Libris Award for Non Fiction Book of the Year. Almost all reviewers commented upon the timeliness of the book's release as the magnitude and causes of the most recent financial crisis were becoming apparent. Some	Some	DET	reviewers	NOUN	 reviewers
As al Ma'mun remained in Marv and made no signs of returning to the caliphal capital, a wave of Arab antipathy towards al Ma'mun and his " Persian " supporters came to the fore in the western regions of the Caliphate, particularly in Baghdad and surroundings, which	which	PRON	feared	VERB	 feared
He recorded his 54th double double of the season in the regular season finale on April 15 against the Atlanta Hawks to finish as the league leader in double doubles in 2014 – 15. On December 5, 2015, Gasol became the 116th player to reach 1,000 regular	regular	ADJ	season	NOUN	 season
Kirkpatrick arranged for everything to be shipped direct to Tinian rather than via Guam, as was usual. To meet the schedule, the 509th Composite Group's commander, Colonel Paul Tibbets, had his ground echelon depart Wendover on 25 April, followed by his air echelon	echelon	NOUN	in	ADP	 in
For anti aircraft (AA) defence, they had two quadruple mounts for the 0.5 inch Vickers Mark III machine gun. The F class was fitted with two above water quadruple torpedo tube mounts for 21 inch (533 mm) torpedoes. One depth charge rack and	and	CCONJ	two	NUM	 two
While developing the fifth season, Cherry began brainstorming ways to revamp the series. He stated: " The soap tends to build up, and I wanted to get back to where we were that very first season, where it's just the problems of some ordinary	ordinary	ADJ	women	NOUN	 women
On the next day, the storm weakened to tropical depression status after nearly all of the convection was gone, prompting the JTWC to cease issuing advisories. The residual circulation remained well defined with only temporary increases in convection. The MFR stopped issuing warnings on December 3	3	NUM	,	PUNCT	,
Ben Nevis was the name of a White Star Line packet ship which in 1854 carried the group of immigrants who were to become the Wends of Texas. At least another eight vessels have carried the name since then. A mountain in Svalbard is also named Ben Nevis	Nevis	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
Her neck had a faint groove as if someone applied a rope for torture or strangulation. The scientists concluded bog acids caused the swelling of the knee joint and that the woman was probably already dead before the branches pinned her down. Because of her careful placement,	,	PUNCT	and	CCONJ	 and
Kanon's story revolves around a group of five girls whose lives are connected to the same boy. Yuichi Aizawa is a second year high school student who had visited the city where the story takes place seven years prior to Kanon's beginning. The story opens on	on	ADP	Wednesday	PROPN	 Wednesday
A visible " striking circle " with " radius of 15 yards " was codified in 1886. The radius of the circle was increased to 16 yards (15 m) in 1951 for men's hockey and 1968 for women's hockey. Any free hit within 5	5	NUM	m	NOUN	 m
" James Rieger concluded Percy's " assistance at every point in the book's manufacture was so extensive that one hardly knows whether to regard him as editor or minor collaborator ", while Anne K. Mellor later argued Percy only " made many technical corrections and several times	times	NOUN	clarified	VERB	 clarified
It provides a range of international flights. Most operate only a few times a week. Norwegian flies to eleven European destinations in seven countries. Widerøe is a regional airline and was subsidiary of SAS. It uses Dash 8 Q400 aircraft to operate to Sandefjord. Northwards	Northwards	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
The same year, A. J. P. Taylor, in his The Origins of the Second World War, found that Chamberlain had adequately rearmed Britain for defence (though a rearmament designed to defeat Germany would have taken massive additional resources) and described Munich as " a triumph	triumph	NOUN	for	ADP	 for
A bugle call was immediately sounded within the camp. Lieutenant Colonel McRae, commanding the 45th Sikhs, two units from the 31st Punjab Infantry, two Guns from No. 8 Mountain Battery and one Squadron from the 11th Bengal Lancers, was to have been sent to	to	ADP	Amandara	PROPN	 Amandara
In his tweet, Hart described working on the DVD as a " cathartic " experience, and Ross asserted that both Hart and Michaels had been very honest and emotional in their interviews. The DVD, Shawn Michaels vs Bret Hart: WWE's Greatest Rivalries, was	was	AUX	released	VERB	 released
Casey entered West Point in 1915, where his best friend and roommate was Lucius D. Clay. At West Point, Casey played football as a halfback, substituting for Elmer Oliphant. One of Casey's duties was tutoring Oliphant in mathematics. Casey decided that winning games	games	NOUN	was	AUX	 was
" Swartzwelder is seen attending Krusty's funeral, who appears with a Kermit the Frog puppet on his hand. In its original American broadcast, " Bart the Fink " finished sixty fourth in the ratings for the week of February 5 – 11, 1996, with	with	ADP	a	DET	 a
Adrien Begrand of PopMatters observed that " [t] here's no better song to kick things off than the masterful ' Angel of Death ', one of the most monumental songs in metal history, where guitarists Kerry King and Jeff Hanneman deliver their intricate riffs,	,	PUNCT	drummer	NOUN	 drummer
Various other characters were voiced by voice acting veterans Dee Bradley Baker, Thomas F. Wilson and Clea Lewis. Since SpongeBob SquarePants made its debut in 1999, the show had flourished into Nickelodeon's number 2 children's program, after Rugrats. Nearly 40 percent of the	the	DET	show	NOUN	 show
Gautaman Bhaskaran, in his review in Gulf Times, noted that the sometimes handheld photography was " as irksome as the plot with a sleuth too many and cops galore. " Though Kahaani received critical acclaim, it was a slow starter at the box office, opening	opening	VERB	to	ADP	 to
In October 1911 he was elected president, under the banner of the Partido Constitucional Progresista, along with José María Pino Suárez, his new running mate as vice president. Madero pushed aside Francisco Vázquez Gómez, the vice presidential candidate for the Anti Reelectionist Party in 1910	1910	NUM	,	PUNCT	,
Initially, the regiment was not brigaded and served as a detached unit. After conducting infantry training around Tel el Kebir in early April, the regiment crossed the Suez Canal along a new railway that was being constructed through the Sinai towards Palestine. Here it was established	established	VERB	around	ADP	 around
Warner Bros. opted not to fund the project at the time. On March 13, 2013, Bell and Thomas launched a fundraising campaign to produce the film through Kickstarter and attained the $2 million goal in less than eleven hours. They accumulated over $5.7 million	million	NUM	via	ADP	 via
For example, languages of the western group (such as Huastecan, Yucatecan and Ch ' olan) all changed the Proto Mayan phoneme * / r / into [j], some languages of the eastern branch retained [r] (K ' ichean),	,	PUNCT	and	CCONJ	 and
" The reviewer for The New York Times Book Review wrote, " A moral is a new thing to find in a Dr. Seuss book, but it doesn't much interfere with the hilarity with which he juggles an elephant up a tree. To an adult the	the	DET	tale	NOUN	 tale
When a male bee arrives and attempts to mate with the mass of larvae, they climb onto his abdomen. From there, they transfer to a female bee, and from there to the bee nest to parasitize the bee larvae. Host parasite mimicry is a two	two	NUM	species	NOUN	 species
" " The chorus then repeats and The Dream performs a bridge, preceding West's verse where he boasts " You will not control the threesome. " West's verse included references to Socrates, the perils of monogamy, " implied regicide " and both rappers "	"	PUNCT	take	VERB	 take
The track opens with he singing, " You're beautiful, beautiful / You should know it / I think it's time, think it's time / That you show it ", lines that were compared to One Direction's " What Makes You Beautiful "	"	PUNCT	(	PUNCT	 (
In March 1776, these artillery fortified Dorchester Heights (which overlooked Boston and its harbor), thereby threatening the British supply lifeline. The British commander William Howe saw the British position as indefensible and withdrew the British forces in Boston to the British stronghold at Halifax,	,	PUNCT	Nova	PROPN	 Nova
Under the trading name of Ultimate Play The Game, they began producing multiple video games for the ZX Spectrum throughout the early 1980s. The company was known for their reluctance to reveal details about their operations and upcoming projects. Little was known about their development process except	except	SCONJ	that	SCONJ	 that
Balch's main battery consisted of four 4 in (100 mm) / 50 caliber Mark 9 guns, with each gun weighing in excess of 6,100 lb (2,800 kg). The guns fired 33 lb (15 kg) armor piercing projectiles at 2,900 ft /	/	SYM	s	PROPN	 s
Gene flow is the exchange of genes between populations and between species. It can therefore be a source of variation that is new to a population or to a species. Gene flow can be caused by the movement of individuals between separate populations of organisms, as might	might	AUX	be	AUX	 be
On February 3, 1961, at the age of 56, Wong died of a heart attack as she slept at home in Santa Monica, two days after her final screen performance on the television show The Barbara Stanwyck Show. Her cremated remains were interred in her	her	PRON	mother	NOUN	 mother
" Maryland finished with a 2 – 8 record. Pastrana recorded 81 completions on 172 attempts for 1,053 yards and six touchdowns. During his collegiate career, Pastrana set the school record for season efficiency rating at 131.29 in 1966, which was broken by Bob Avellini in	in	ADP	1974	NUM	 1974
Orangico was to include real orange juice. The orange juice based Orangico did not sell well and the federal trademark eventually expired in 1999. In September 1981, both the franchising rights to the Grapico brand name and The Pepsi Bottling Group in Newnan, Georgia were acquired	acquired	VERB	by	ADP	 by
There, they coaled and prepared to make the long voyage around Cape Horn. The British, shocked by their defeat at Coronel, had meanwhile dispatched the powerful battlecruisers HMS Invincible and HMS Inflexible, under the command of Vice Admiral Doveton Sturdee, to hunt down and	and	CCONJ	destroy	VERB	 destroy
Its ten songs consist entirely of pop standards that Nelson picked from among his favorites. Nelson asked Booker T. Jones, who was his neighbor in Malibu at the time, to arrange a version of " Moonlight in Vermont ". Impressed with Jones's work, Nelson	Nelson	PROPN	asked	VERB	 asked
Satya then manipulates Ajay to fall in love with Shruti and gets the two of them to pose in compromising positions for some pictures, under the pretense that they will be used as a promotion to assist Shruti in getting an opportunity to audition for the female lead in	in	ADP	a	DET	 a
For SummerSlam, individual matches were scheduled, with Sapphire facing Sherri and Savage wrestling Rhodes. Meanwhile, Sapphire had been receiving gifts from an anonymous benefactor. Tito Santana and Rick Martel formed a tag team named Strike Force in 1987. They won the WWF Tag Team	Team	PROPN	Championship	PROPN	 Championship
Winds reached 220 km / h (140 mph), which was the first instance of typhoon force winds on the island since observations began in 1935. The winds were strong enough to cut radio communications and damage the Pan American World Airways base. The only people	people	NOUN	on	ADP	 on
The River Axe is formed by the water entering the cave systems and flows through the third and first chambers, from which it flows to the resurgence, through two sumps 40 metres (130 ft) and 30 metres (98 ft) long, where it leaves	leaves	VERB	the	DET	 the
Donna receives a letter from a New York design school and Zeke tells her that Ringo applied for a place on her behalf. After initially deciding to stay in Ramsay Street, Donna's friends manage to convince her to leave by staging a fashion show showcasing her designs	designs	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
Predators of American bullfrogs once in their adult stages can range from 150 g (5.3 oz) belted kingfishers (Megaceryle alcyon) to 1,100 pound American alligators (Alligator mississippiensis). The eggs and larvae are unpalatable to many salamanders and fish, but the high levels	levels	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
It contained material such as concept art, character biographies, animatics and storyboards. In March 2013, PixelDrip Gallery organized a The Legend of Korra fan art exhibition in Los Angeles with the support of the series's creators, and later published a documentary video about it	it	PRON	.	PUNCT	.
To win this latter argument, Hitchhiker's was briefly classified internally as a drama instead of a comedy, as in 1977 BBC Radio Drama programmes were allowed to be recorded in stereo, and BBC Radio Comedy programmes were not. A full series of six episodes (	(	PUNCT	five	NUM	five
It opens with " Chandelier ", an electropop song that features a reggae influenced beat. Lyrically, the track talks about " the glitter and fatigue of a party girl's life. " The follow up, " Big Girls Cry ", was compared to Alanis	Alanis	PROPN	Morissette	PROPN	 Morissette
Student government at Carolina is composed of an executive branch headed by the student body president, a legislative branch composed of a student elected student congress, and a judicial branch which includes the honor court and student supreme court. The Judicial Reform Committee created the Instrument of	of	ADP	Student	PROPN	 Student
Aged eight, Castro was baptized into the Roman Catholic Church, although later became an atheist. Being baptized enabled Castro to attend the La Salle boarding school in Santiago, where he regularly misbehaved, and so was sent to the privately funded, Jesuit run Dolores School	School	PROPN	in	ADP	 in
He also praised him for illustrating human nature and taking out " souls in the centre of the depth which are caged after protesting for indentity against the exterior, violent pressure, and presents it to our verdict. " Apollon Grigoriev wrote in The Finnish Herald: "	"	PUNCT	Dostoevsky	NOUN	 Dostoevsky
In particular, the National and Nomadic Guard (GNN) was decimated by the fall of Fada and Faya. Goukouni used these victories to strengthen his position in the FROLINAT: during a Libyan sponsored congress held in March in Faya, the insurgency's main factions reunited	reunited	VERB	themselves	PRON	 themselves
Henceforth, she would be paid separately for working in his films, but he would be required to single handedly pay the household expenses for the home in which both of them would live. Himanshu agreed to this, in order to save face in society and to	to	PART	prevent	VERB	 prevent
Ricketts Glen State Park opened in 1944. The state bought a total of 16,000 acres (6,500 ha) more from the heirs in 1945 and 1950 for $68,000; the park today has about 10,000 acres (4,000 ha) from the Ricketts family and about 3,000	3,000	NUM	acres	NOUN	 acres
The Eurasian tree sparrow's extensive range and large population ensure that it is not endangered globally, but there have been large declines in western European populations, in part due to changes in farming practices involving increased use of herbicides and loss of winter stubble fields. In	In	ADP	eastern	ADJ	 eastern
In 1980, a friend gave Rollins and MacKaye a copy of Black Flag's Nervous Breakdown EP. Rollins soon became a fan of the band, exchanging letters with bassist Chuck Dukowski and later inviting the band to stay in his parents ' home when Black Flag toured	toured	VERB	the	DET	 the
During the 1980s, Singapore began to upgrade to higher technological industries, such as the wafer fabrication sector, in order to compete with its neighbours which now had cheaper labour. Singapore Changi Airport was opened in 1981 and Singapore Airlines was developed to become a major airline	airline	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
The work included sorting through the arrivals ' property on the Judenrampe at Auschwitz II, where trains carrying Jews arrived, and removing the dead from the trains. Some new prisoners were selected to work as slave labour, but most went straight to the gas chamber.	.	PUNCT	Vrba	PROPN	 Vrba
" Tim Goodman of The Hollywood Reporter praised MacFarlane's performance saying that he did " impressively better than one would have wagered. " He also noted that he added " plenty of niceties with a little bit of the Ricky Gervais bite the hand that feeds you thing	thing	NOUN	and	CCONJ	 and
After the reconstruction, the displacement was increased to between 4,000 to 4,436 t (3,937 to 4,366 long tons), depending on the ship. The ships used transverse and longitudinal steel frames in the hull. They had eight watertight compartments and a double bottom that ran	ran	VERB	for	ADP	 for
Athena and Hermes look on. Aeneas and Deithynos are behind Hector. Sometimes details of the closely similar deaths of Troilus and Astyanax are exchanged. [49] shows one such image where it is unclear which murder is portrayed. The age of the victim is often	often	ADV	an	DET	 an
Winds can reach considerable strength, especially on the exposed coast; most of the South Island's storms develop to the south or southwest of the island, and thus the Catlins catches the brunt of many of these weather patterns. The Catlins — and especially its central	central	ADJ	and	CCONJ	 and
A few days after the storm, the Mozambique Red Cross began delivering mosquito nets, blankets, plastic buckets, and sleeping mats. The government of Nampula estimated it would require $8 million (USD) to repair storm damage in the province. Two weeks after	after	ADP	the	DET	 the
In legend, the Catlins forests further inland were inhabited by Maeroero (wild giants). The Catlins may have offered one of the last places where the giant flightless bird, the moa, could be hunted, and the timber of the forest proved ideal for canoe	canoe	ADJ	construction	NOUN	 construction
All of these successive owners saw their first and primary role as marketing the property as a tourist attraction. The first Lakeside Inn was constructed for John W. Hall in 1877 – 1878 on a 1 acre (0.0040 km2) lot. Although the only direct access to	to	ADP	Huletts	PROPN	 Huletts
By changing the novel's title, Austen added " philosophical depth " to what began as a sketch of two characters. Its title and that of her next published novel, Pride and Prejudice (1813), may allude to the political conflicts of the 1790s.	.	PUNCT	Austen	PROPN	 Austen
In addition to the smaller folk festivals held in towns such as Christchurch and Wimborne, Dorset holds several larger musical events such as Camp Bestival, Endorse It in Dorset, End of the Road and the Larmer Tree Festival. Dorset's only Football League club is A.F.C.	A.F.C.	PROPN	Bournemouth	PROPN	 Bournemouth
The core is separate from the client to enable the scientific methods to be updated automatically without requiring a client update. The cores periodically create calculation checkpoints so that if they are interrupted they can resume work from that point upon startup. A Folding @ home participant installs	installs	VERB	a	DET	 a
Samaras was eligible to play for the Australian national team. His father, Ioannis, was born in Melbourne, but moved to Greece at the age of 13, and had a successful football career, playing for OFI Crete, Panathinaikos, and the Greek national team	team	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
Because of the paucity of surviving attributed works, it is difficult to detect any evolution in Lochner's style. Art historians are unsure if his style became progressively more or less influenced by Netherlandish art. Recent dendrochronological examination of attributed works indicate that his development was not	not	PART	linear	ADJ	 linear
" The editor commented that both games highlight story elements over graphics and technical innovations, saying each game's " true strength comes from its ability to tell a story in the extremely short time frame. " Kirk Hamilton of Kotaku praised the game, writing, "	"	PUNCT	if	SCONJ	 if
Bowlby's theory sparked considerable interest and controversy in the nature of early relationships and gave a strong impetus to what Mary Ainsworth described as a " great body of research " in what was perceived as an extremely difficult and complex area. Bowlby departed from psychoanalytical theory which	which	PRON	saw	VERB	 saw
They termed the film's presentation as a " lacklustre and ordinary " one. Radhika Rajamani of Rediff.com gave 2 out of 5 stars and criticised the film for its predictability and stereotypical pattern and stated that Racha is a potboiler meant for the masses and not for a	a	DET	discerning	VERB	 discerning
Many, including Mack, consider Pennock among the greatest left handed pitchers of all time. Pennock became the general manager of the Charlotte Hornets, a Red Sox ' farm team of the Piedmont League, prior to the 1935 season. He returned to the Red Sox	Sox	PROPN	in	ADP	 in
The song was performed by The Common Linnets, a duo consisting of DeLange and Waylon, two well known and popular Dutch artists, and formed by DeLange as a platform for Dutch artists to create country, Americana, and bluegrass music. In November 2013 the Dutch	Dutch	ADJ	broadcaster	NOUN	 broadcaster
Construction on the interchange began in September of that year. The interchange between US 13 / US 40 and DE 41 / DE 141 was completed in 1956. Plans were made to widen the Philadelphia Pike to a four lane road between Bellevue Road and Claymont in 1954	1954	NUM	.	PUNCT	.
In the end, his deceptions unmasked, he returned to Constantinople, where he repented and confessed his sins before a synod in 1394. The main source on Paul's life is the document of his confession before the patriarchal synod in Constantinople in 1394, complemented by	by	ADP	an	DET	 an
Evidence for a genetic link is the tendency for AS to run in families and an observed higher incidence of family members who have behavioral symptoms similar to AS but in a more limited form (for example, slight difficulties with social interaction, language, or reading)	)	PUNCT	.	PUNCT	.
Alternative medicine specialist Dr. Pete Wilder (Tim Daly) finds and examines her, diagnosing a broken wrist, eye socket and nose and a deep arm laceration and admitting her to the hospital. King lies to Wilder, telling him that she was injured in a mugging	mugging	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
In the video's final cut, the band is only shown performing in the outdoor setting during the choruses, where Cobain's face moves in and out of focus in the camera. While most of the video was devised by Cobain, Corbijn added elements such as	as	ADP	the	DET	 the
Settling on an overall fantasy approach as opposed to the popular role playing alternative of science fiction, the team wanted to explore the mythos and history of a fictional world that would gradually reveal itself to the player over time. Having mostly developed side scrollers and scrolling shooters	shooters	NOUN	for	ADP	 for
The technology works on the basis that if a piece of software runs on a significant proportion of computers, then it is safe. A public beta was released July 14. A reduction in memory consumption was made, prompted by the fact 40 percent of people contacting	contacting	VERB	Symantec	ADJ	 Symantec
Conquered areas of Belgium and France were placed under control of the Military Administration in Belgium and Northern France. Belgian Eupen Malmedy, which had been part of German until 1919, was annexed directly. Part of Poland was immediately incorporated into the Reich, and the General	General	PROPN	Government	PROPN	 Government
An Arabic record of the conflict claims that the battle led to the introduction of papermaking to the Islamic world. The Tang emperor Gaozong installed two puppet qaghans, the cousins Ashina Buzhen and Ashina Mishe, and controlled the region by proxy. Buzhen and Mishe were enemies	enemies	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
But if w is a solution, then so is − w, because (− 1) 2 = 1. A unique but somewhat arbitrary solution called the principal value can be chosen using a general rule which also applies for nonrational powers. Complex powers and logarithms	logarithms	NOUN	are	AUX	 are
In the early 1960s, Timothy Leary and colleagues at Harvard University investigated the role of set and setting on the effects of psilocybin. They administered the drug to 175 volunteers from various backgrounds in an environment intended to be similar to a comfortable living room. Ninety eight	eight	NUM	of	ADP	 of
While Mikasa's casualties are not precisely known, the entire Japanese force combined only lost 110 men killed and 590 wounded to all causes during the battle. Six days after the Treaty of Portsmouth that ended the war was signed, Mikasa sank at her moorings after a	a	DET	fire	NOUN	 fire
Translated by Chater, A.G. London: C. Hurst & Company. ISBN 0 903983 47 8. First published in 1912 by John Murray, London. Barczewski, Stephanie (2007). Antarctic Destinies: Scott, Shackleton and the Changing Face of Heroism. London and	and	CCONJ	New	PROPN	 New
He compared the remake's Klaatu to the wrathful God who floods the world in the Old Testament, but is gentle and forgiving by the time of the New Testament. He spent many weeks revising the script, trying to make Klaatu's transition from alien in human	human	ADJ	form	NOUN	 form
It is also a major transport hub for passengers and cargo. By the 1960s, Dubai's economy was based on revenues from trade and, to a smaller extent, oil exploration concessions, but oil was not discovered until 1966. Oil revenue first started to flow	flow	VERB	in	ADP	 in
Later that year he represented the litigants in the Crichel Down affair, which led to changes in the law on compulsory purchase. In 1955 he defended Ruth Ellis, the last woman to be executed for murder in the United Kingdom, and two years later took part	part	NOUN	in	ADP	 in
Baxter Healthcare Proprietary Limited (Baxter), was the Australian subsidiary of the multinational health care company Baxter International. Baxter manufactured intravenous (IV) and peritoneal dialysis (PD) fluids at various plants in Australia. Because of the cost of importing sterile IV fluids and	and	CCONJ	the	DET	 the
Five endings are available. Gameplay takes place in two parts: a framing, first person psychotherapy session, and an over the shoulder perspective of Harry's journey through Silent Hill, which is periodically interrupted by the occurrence of a shift to an alternate dimension. Answers	Answers	NOUN	given	VERB	 given
It has been revealed that Maggie has outstanding artistic and academic abilities, much like her sister Lisa. Maggie rarely speaks, but has been voiced by several different actors including Jodie Foster, Elizabeth Taylor, James Earl Jones, Harry Shearer (who used his Kang voice	voice	NOUN	)	PUNCT	)
After the first Covent Garden performance, The Times summed the piece up in a way that was frequently to be applied to the composer's operas: " M. Massenet's opera, although not a work of genius proper, is one of more than common merit,	,	PUNCT	and	CCONJ	 and
His sole Shakespeare setting, " Blow! Blow! Thou Winter Wind " (1898, revised 1951), was written as incidental music for a production of As You Like It. The obituarist for The Musical Times claimed that " Ketèlbey's especial fame... consisted	consisted	VERB	in	ADP	 in
He made a total of 29 appearances on the season, notching a 3.85 ERA. He won his first game of the year against the New York Giants, 8 – 4, on April 23; it was the Giants ' fifth straight loss. His first loss	loss	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
An icon in the top right hand corner of the screen displays a lunar phase: this display shows the passage of in game time, and its status determines the activity patterns and moods of enemy demons. Battles are both triggered by story events and through random encounters	encounters	NOUN	around	ADP	 around
I haven ’ t even sent him a bunch of beats. I sent him my favorite stuff. He hit me right back like, ‘ Yo, I ’ ma go in on this, ’ or, ‘ I like this. ’ ” The album development	development	NOUN	was	AUX	 was
According to Krugman, during the period between the creation of the euro and the 2008 financial crisis, countries of Southern Europe experienced abnormally high rates of wage growth due to high influx of investor money. Between 2000 and 2008, unit labor costs actually declined slightly in	in	ADP	Germany	PROPN	 Germany
" Gregory Ellwood of HitFix gave the film an " A- " rating, stating, " 12 Years is a powerful drama driven by McQueen's bold direction and the finest performance of Chiwetel Ejiofor's career. " He continued by praising the performances of Fassbender and Nyong	Nyong	PROPN	'	PROPN	 '
In the semi finals, Boro faced Arsenal, the leaders and eventual unbeaten champions of the Premier League season. In the first leg at Highbury on 20 January 2004, Queudrue exploited a mistake by Arsenal defender Martin Keown and passed to Mendieta, who then assisted Juninho	Juninho	PROPN	for	ADP	 for
The winds resulted in agricultural damage to the corn and soy bean crop. High winds caused minor damage to roofs and houses, and also downed some trees and power lines. Near the coast, waves from the storm damaged fishing piers, and flooding was reported in	in	ADP	New	PROPN	 New
East of the 86th Street exit, the freeway begins a slow descent towards the Des Moines River. Merle Hay Road, named for the first Iowan to die in World War I, carries Iowa 28 from the south to its northern end at the interstates. They	They	PRON	cross	VERB	 cross
The union of these principles is exalted as the root and womb of all creation. Another view is that Ardhanarishvara is a symbol of Shiva's all pervasive nature. The name Ardhanarishvara means " the Lord who is half woman. " Ardhanarishvara is also known by other	other	ADJ	names	NOUN	 names
Compute! writers called the Amiga version's graphics and gameplay " arcade quality ". Editors for Computer Gaming World stated that the Amiga version was superior to the arcade original, while the Commodore version had an extra level not present in other versions. Dragon's three	three	NUM	reviewers	NOUN	 reviewers
Later that month, Colorado authorities charged him with Caryn Campbell's murder. After a period of resistance, he waived extradition proceedings and was transferred to Aspen in January 1977. On June 7, 1977, Bundy was transported 40 miles (64 km) from the	the	DET	Garfield	PROPN	 Garfield
The Brars handed over management of the theatre to Magic Lantern Theatres in June 1998, merely 18 months after purchasing it. Rick Ostapchuk immediately took over double duty as the manager of the recently renovated Garneau Theatre, as well as the Princess. Ostapchuk vowed to return	return	VERB	the	DET	 the
The film was shot on location on a budget of $2 million at Kelly Field in San Antonio, Texas between September 7, 1926 and April 7, 1927. Hundreds of extras and some 300 pilots were involved in the filming, including pilots and planes of	of	ADP	the	DET	 the
Despite commercial success, the interest payments on the mortgage were crippling, and in 1846 the company obtained an Act to convert the canal into a railway, although its powers were never used. Trade halved as railway competition increased, and the company was in the hands	hands	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
Penn has noted that she only models to earn a paycheck. She aspires to be involved on the writing / directing end of the Hollywood business. On May 23, 2014, Maxim revealed its annual Hot 100 list, which included Penn at # 68. Penn	Penn	PROPN	was	AUX	 was
Higginbotham signed a contract extension in October 2010 for a further 12 months, keeping him at Stoke until the summer of 2013. He made his 200th top flight appearance against Manchester United on 24 October 2010. He struggled with injury for the rest of the first half	half	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
According to evidence in Delval's study, Radama may indeed have survived and, failing to regain the throne, lived to old age as an ordinary citizen in the north of the island. With the apparent murder of Radama II, the power of the Merina monarchs	monarchs	NOUN	was	AUX	 was
International commentators were highly critical of the government's role in Feng's abortion. " Feng Jianmei's story demonstrates how the One Child Policy continues to sanction violence against women every day, " said Chai Ling of the NGO All Girls Allowed. Women's Rights Without	Without	ADP	Frontiers	PROPN	 Frontiers
General Howe led the light infantry companies and grenadiers in the assault on the American left flank, expecting an easy effort against Stark's recently arrived troops. His light infantry were set along the narrow beach, in column, in order to turn the far left flank	flank	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
Commercials instructed fans to mail in episodes ' geographical destinations during sweeps week. Advertisements appeared through Time Warner's television channels, Sports Illustrated for Kids, DC Comics publications, radio stations, and Warner Brothers stores. The contest marked the first time that Cartoon Network U.S.	U.S.	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
He acted as official host on state occasions and was himself a frequent guest at ambassadorial dinners. By the autumn of 1559 several foreign princes were vying for the Queen's hand; their impatient envoys came under the impression that Elizabeth was fooling them, " keeping Lord	Lord	PROPN	Robert	PROPN	 Robert
Three weeks later, on 5 April, he scored the first hat trick of his career in a 3 – 3 draw against Juventus in Turin; this was followed on 19 April by a brace in a match against Siena. Pellissier's 2008 – 09 performance won	won	VERB	him	PRON	 him
Williams Crosby thought Vixis was Kirk's girlfriend when she arrived for her audition, but recalled afterwards that it was " fun " to play a villain. David Warner, Charles Cooper and Cynthia Gouw play the Federation, Klingon, and Romulan ambassadors to Nimbus III.	.	PUNCT	Warner	PROPN	 Warner
Meslow also liked that the April Andy subplot was now resolved, as he called it the " weakest plotline of the season ", but he felt the scenes between Chris and Ann in " Media Blitz " were a rehash of the previous episode. Matt Richenthal of	of	ADP	TV	PROPN	 TV
It was announced on 26 November 2007 that the referendum would be held in 2008, together with the general election that year. The vote was, however, postponed again to a later point, due to administrative concerns. Belize was, until the 15th century,	,	PUNCT	a	DET	 a
Heartened by this arrival, they decided instead to proceed with a nighttime attempt on the fort. Schuyler, whose illness was getting more severe (he was so ill " as not to be able to hold the pen "), turned command of the army over	over	ADP	to	ADP	 to
After his defeat Abu Muhammad took refuge in the city, which withstood an Abbasid assault long enough to allow him to escape. Abbasid power dwindled during the 10th century, when the empire disintegrated and was divided among a number of vassals. Most of the new rulers	rulers	NOUN	acknowledged	VERB	 acknowledged
He won three SEC titles (50- and 100 yard freestyle, 400 yard freestyle relay), and received All American honours in the same three events. While attending the university, he dated his future wife, Tracy Caulkins, who was also a Florida Gators swimmer	swimmer	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
One was the advent of biobanks, which are repositories of human genetic material that greatly reduced the cost and difficulty of collecting sufficient numbers of biological specimens for study. Another was the International HapMap Project, which, from 2003 identified a majority of the common SNPs interrogated	interrogated	VERB	in	ADP	 in
This set a precedent which according to his biographer John Carter " changed the future of rocket technology ": the thermoplastic asphalt casting — durable in all climates — allowing for mass production and indefinite storage of the Group's invention and transforming solid fuel agents into a safe	safe	ADJ	and	CCONJ	 and
It was conceived in 1965 and preceded by the M2A development car. Designed by Robin Herd, the innovative but problematic Mallite material was used in its construction. The car was powered by Ford and Serenissima engines but both lacked power and suffered from reliability issues. Driven	Driven	VERB	by	ADP	 by
Benjamin Bunny presented demands upon Potter she had not encountered in her previous three tales. She had depleted all her sketchbook backgrounds in the production of the other tales and was forced to create new ones, but the greatest challenge to Potter's artistry was consciously working to	to	PART	satisfy	VERB	 satisfy
The Sword of Shannara has drawn extensive criticism from critics who believe that Brooks derived too much of his novel from Tolkien's The Lord of the Rings. In 1978, influential fantasy editor Lin Carter denounced The Sword of Shannara as " the single most cold blooded,	,	PUNCT	complete	ADJ	 complete
In February 1858 Felice Beato arrived in Calcutta and began travelling throughout Northern India to document the aftermath of the Indian Rebellion of 1857. During this time he produced possibly the first ever photographic images of corpses. It is believed that for at least one of his photographs	photographs	NOUN	taken	VERB	 taken
The Press ' magnum opus would be the Kelmscott Chaucer, which had taken years to complete and included 87 illustrations from Burne Jones. Morris still remained firmly in an employer relation with those working at the Press, although organised outings for them and paid them above average	average	ADJ	wages	NOUN	 wages
It was rated as a 2.HC event on the UCI Asia Tour, and was held from 17 to 22 February 2015, in Oman. The race was organised by the municipality of Muscat, in collaboration with ASO (the organisers of the Tour de France) and	and	CCONJ	Paumer	PROPN	 Paumer
Despite the absence of these states, Agesilaus campaigned effectively against the Persians in Lydia, advancing as far inland as Sardis. The satrap Tissaphernes was executed for his failure to contain Agesilaus, and his replacement, Tithraustes, bribed the Spartans to move north, into the	the	DET	satrapy	NOUN	 satrapy
A few prominent Democratic Party leaders supported the Liberal Republican cause in Missouri. The result being that the Democratic Party endorsed the reformer and Liberal Republican presidential candidate Horace Greeley. Grant, though, remained very popular in the nation and won the national election of 1872 by	by	ADP	a	DET	 a
The niche isn ’ t being filled unless you find somebody crazy like me who is willing to spend dozens of hours of his own time and hundreds of dollars of his own money to make a claim he can ’ t benefit from. " Frank said in an	an	DET	objection	NOUN	 objection
The work also lampoons male vanity and chauvinism in the military. The story concerns two rival " aesthetic " poets, who attract the attention of the young ladies of the village, who had been engaged to the members of a cavalry regiment. But both poets are	are	AUX	in	ADP	 in
In the credits of HD 1.5 Remix, clips of Kingdom Hearts II Final Mix, Kingdom Hearts Birth by Sleep Final Mix and Kingdom Hearts Re: coded were shown, hinting at another collection. On October 14, 2013, the collection was announced exclusively for the	the	DET	PlayStation	PROPN	 PlayStation
The inflectional system is further complicated by the fact that transitive suffixes encode both agent and patient in a single morpheme, requiring up to 48 different suffixes to cover all possible combinations of agent and patient for each of the eight transitive paradigms. As some moods do not	not	PART	have	VERB	 have
The invention of the revolving book case is considered to have happened earlier, and is credited to the layman Fu Xi in 544. Revolving bookcases were popularized in Buddhist monasteries during the Song dynasty under the reign of Emperor Taizu, who ordered the mass printing of the	the	DET	Buddhist	PROPN	 Buddhist
He died that evening. The route of the 2016 Gent – Wevelgem was significantly changed from 2015 edition and from previous editions. Several different climbs were used. Central among these was the decision to use a different side of the core climb in the race, the	the	DET	Kemmelberg	PROPN	 Kemmelberg
The accompanying music video for the single was directed by Jake Nava, who had previously collaborated with Shakira on the video for " Beautiful Liar ". The dance sequences in the video were choreographed by Nadine " Hi Hat " Ruffin, and are said to incorporate ballet	ballet	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
Her initial activities focused on a Warner Bros.-operated bulletin board which focused on Battlefield Earth, and she subsequently progressed to posting on the newsgroup alt.religion.scientology (ARS). In 2000, ARS functioned as a community of individuals whose efforts included posting material which reflected negatively on the	the	DET	Scientology	PROPN	 Scientology
While Dahl " always like [s] what Juliet brings to the table ", he thought that " Operation: Sleeper " " serves little purpose ". " Room 23 " was called the " best mobisode ever ". In regard to " Arzt and Crafts	Crafts	PROPN	"	PUNCT	 "
Juba enjoyed the multiplayer and praised the game for moving away from the genre's traditional battle systems despite faults with their overall implementation, while Robinson found the gameplay suffered from the design goals that had fueled its creation. Castle was positive about the variety of gameplay and	and	CCONJ	tactical	ADJ	 tactical
Smith's first term of office ran from June 2, 2008 to January 22, 2013. Mesa, which is in Maricopa County, Arizona, along with Phoenix, is part of the Phoenix metropolitan area. It is the thirty ninth most populous city in the	the	DET	United	PROPN	 United
It was probably Beornwulf whose defeat of the kingdom of Powys and destruction of the fortress of Deganwy are recorded in a Welsh chronicle, the Brut y Tywysogion, in 823, and it is clear that Mercia was still a formidable military power at that time. However	However	ADV	,	PUNCT	,
In a place near Bactra in Asia the wheat grains are said to grow as big as the stone of an olive, whereas pulses do not in Theophrastus's view vary to the same extent. This book is one of the first herbals, admittedly much simpler than	than	ADP	those	PRON	 those
Three main stories interweave a dynastic war among several families for control of Westeros, the rising threat of the supernatural Others in the northernmost reaches of Westeros, and the ambition of Daenerys Targaryen, the deposed king's exiled daughter, to assume the Iron Throne. Martin	Martin	PROPN	's	PART	's
The Charter was confirmed in 1423 by King Henry VI. By the mid 15th century, Magna Carta ceased to occupy a central role in English political life, as monarchs reasserted authority and powers which had been challenged in the 100 years after Edward I's reign.	.	PUNCT	The	DET	 The
The day before, President Obama signed the Ronald Reagan Centennial Commission Act into law, establishing a commission to plan activities to mark the upcoming centenary of Reagan's birth. Independence Day 2011 saw the unveiling of another statue to Reagan — this time in the British capital	capital	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
Similarly, after the resignation of Neville Chamberlain in 1940 there were two likely successors, Churchill and Halifax, but the latter ruled himself out for the premiership on the grounds that his membership of the House of Lords disqualified him. In 1963, therefore, it was	was	AUX	well	ADV	 well
Diamonds have been known in India for at least 3,000 years but most likely 6,000 years. Diamonds have been treasured as gemstones since their use as religious icons in ancient India. Their usage in engraving tools also dates to early human history. The popularity of diamonds has	has	AUX	risen	VERB	 risen
Glubb first realized (" pris conscience ") the strategical importance of Latrun in the Battle of Jerusalem. His objective was twofold: he wanted to prevent the Israelis from strengthening Jerusalem and from supplying the city, and he wanted to " make a diversion " to	to	PART	keep	VERB	 keep
The two of them discover the yellow brick road and happily begin to follow it together. The Scarecrow hopes the Wizard might be able to give him the one thing he feels that he lacks – a brain. Along the way to the Emerald City, Dorothy,	,	PUNCT	Toto	PROPN	 Toto
Provisions from all three bills ultimately evolved into the guidelines enacted in the Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974 (ERISA). The final report of the Select Committee on Improper Activities in Labor and Management was issued on March 31, 1960. At that time,	,	PUNCT	the	DET	 the
Two days later, the JTWC issued a TCFA for the system as it became better organized. Early on June 4, the JTWC issued its first advisory on Tropical Cyclone 03A. Around the same time, the IMD began monitoring the system as Depression ARB 02. Shortly	Shortly	ADV	after	ADV	 after
Considered expensive at the time, the company used a US $1,250 Bell & Howell movie camera, worth about $29,200 in current value. The camera held two reels of film so that two negatives were made of each scene. A second $700 camera provided	provided	VERB	a	DET	 a
RAAF Base Uranquinty closed on 18 December 1958, and No. 1 BFTS commenced operations at Point Cook the following day. Trainee pilots could now expect to fly approximately 85 hours on Winjeels at No. 1 BFTS, followed by 125 hours on Vampires at No.	.	NOUN	1	NUM	 1
Examples include the Church of Sv. Luka in Kotor, the Church of Sv. Trojce near Split, and the early 9th century Church of Sv. Donat in Zadar. The Church of Sv. Donat, originally domed, may have been built next to a	a	DET	palace	NOUN	 palace
Singapore was a critical race in the championship as all five drivers had a chance to take the lead with a victory. The situation was made difficult for Alonso as he had used his allocation of eight engines following the Italian Grand Prix, and to replace one would	would	AUX	incur	VERB	 incur
Rennes ultimately finished the season in 7th place in the league, which resulted in the club qualifying for the 2006 UEFA Intertoto Cup. Gourcuff finished his Rennes career with 80 appearances, six goals, and nine assists. Following the season, Gourcuff was linked to a	a	DET	host	NOUN	 host
As the spacecraft continued towards re entry after the de orbit burn, Schirra used the high power thrusters to put the capsule in the correct orientation, noting that the attitude control felt " sloppy ". He then enabled the rate stabilization control system, an automatic control	control	NOUN	method	NOUN	 method
He once again ranked near the top of his class. After graduation he was posted to the 1st New York Engineer District but soon obtained leave to assist Hines with a special study of navigation on the Rhine and Danube Rivers on behalf of the League of Nations,	,	PUNCT	essentially	ADV	 essentially
The emotions triggered by a work, or the intentions or theories behind it, will likewise not completely parallel those of another art form; individual forms of art have also " evolved " differently. Instead, Wellek and Warren suggest that works of art, like literature	literature	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
Johnson cultivated a relaxed manner with the locals; in one instance at Sabina Park in Jamaica, he stopped to pick up a toddler who had run onto the playing field during the change of innings. Smiling and chatting to the boy, he then carried him safely	safely	ADV	off	ADP	 off
In 1992, he helped South Alabama win the Sun Belt Conference Championship. Lieber received several honors following his senior season. These included the Sun Belt Conference Player of the Year award, a third team All America selection by the American Baseball Coaches Association, an all	all	DET	region	NOUN	 region
This allowed Australia to seize the initiative, and Harvey joined the fightback in the next over, hitting consecutive boundaries against Laker, the second of which almost cleared the playing area. He struck another boundary to reach 44, while Miller's score stayed on 42.	.	PUNCT	After	ADP	 After
The sisters celebrate the successful surgery, but when the patient wakes up, Lexie is devastated to discover that the patient suffered severe brain damage, losing the ability to speak. Alex, Jackson and April Kepner (Sarah Drew) move out of Meredith's house without	without	ADP	inviting	VERB	 inviting
The barracks were used as a youth hostel between 1963 and 2000. The heritage agency English Heritage took over control of the castle in 1984, and placed a greater priority on the conservation of its more modern features. Extensive work was carried out across the castle in	in	ADP	the	DET	 the
In 1999, director Stanley Kubrick's death and the Columbine High School massacre occurred within months of each other; Ledonne credited the two events with changing his life. After seeing A Clockwork Orange, Ledonne discovered that film could comment on culture; after the Columbine shootings	shootings	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
The engines and the general equipment were identical to the Z 2 standard; however two cameras — the Rb 50 / 30 and Rb 20 / 30 - were incorporated into the crew entry hatch. A handheld camera was issued to the crew to validate the success during	during	ADP	bombing	VERB	 bombing
Minaj and M.I.A. joined her onstage, both dressed in Egyptian inspired clothing. Together they danced as cheerleaders while holding pom poms. During the intermediate section, all three of them stood on separate elevated platforms where Minaj and M.I.A. performed their respective verses. The performance gained	gained	VERB	widespread	ADJ	 widespread
The premises remains open for business, though it has been refurbished several times. The Kray Twins also used the Blackwall Buildings, by then dilapidated, as a form of punishment by locking a victim in a flat alone with Ronnie's German Shepherd dog. Whitechapel Road	Road	PROPN	is	AUX	 is
During the 1983 84 season, his first with the Oilers, the ownership group was unable to sustain the team. They went bankrupt, were taken over by the league, and forced to play their remaining games on the road. After losing their home rink the	the	DET	team	NOUN	 team
In 2007, the Giants made the playoffs for the third consecutive season. In a September game against the Eagles, they tied the NFL record for most sacks in a game by sacking Philadelphia quarterback Donovan McNabb 12 times, with Osi Umenyiora recording six of those sacks	sacks	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
His hybrid was being cultivated in the US by the mid nineteenth century. Many new hybrid lines followed as new species were sent to Europe from South America, the most important of which were Reginae and Leopoldii. The Reginae strain hybrids were produced by Jan de Graaff	Graaff	PROPN	and	CCONJ	 and
Retrospective surveys showed a lack of control and reporting procedures during incidents that should have been addressed in 1995, and were never taken seriously. About sixty houses received damage due to the construction of the tunnel. An evaluation performed by the Ministry of Transport and Communications showed	showed	VERB	that	SCONJ	 that
Under his leadership, GTRI's first endowed chair was established in March 1998 in honor of Glen P. Robinson, the $1.5 million Glen P. Robinson Chair in Electro Optics. GTRI and Georgia Tech played host to sitting president George W. Bush in March 2002; a	a	DET	mock	ADJ	 mock
The Hezbollah Central Internet Bureau released a video game in 2003 entitled Special Force and a sequel in 2007 in which players are rewarded with points and weapons for killing Israelis. In 2012, Al Manar aired a television special praising an 8 year old boy who raised money	money	NOUN	for	ADP	 for
He has inspired many Malagasy writers and poets after him, including Elie Rajaonarison, an exemplar of the new wave of Malagasy poetry. The Francophone University Agency and Madagascar's National Center for Scientific Research collaborated to publish the entirety of Rabearivelo's works in three volumes.	.	PUNCT	The	DET	 The
The added precipitation increased runoff and the erosive ability of streams (especially from spring melt water and flash floods in summer). With a greatly increased flow volume the Colorado cut faster than ever before and started to quickly excavate the Grand Canyon 2 million years before present	present	ADJ	,	PUNCT	,
The term Greater Bristol, used by the Government Office of the South West (now abolished), the Office for National Statistics and others, refers to the city and portions of the three neighbouring local authorities ‍ — ‌ Bath and North East Somerset, North Somerset	Somerset	PROPN	and	CCONJ	 and
On August 24, the tropical storm passed north of the Leeward Islands and San Juan, Puerto Rico, and then strengthened to a minimal hurricane with 75 mph (120 km / h) winds on August 25. Subsequently, it strengthened rapidly, and the cyclone	cyclone	NOUN	was	AUX	 was
Ten years after Chikki's birth, between 1968 and 1969, approximately 300 long coated dogs were registered - a significant amount considering that Russian Toy litters tend to be small, typically one to three puppies. Today, the long coated variety has an established presence in	in	ADP	Poland	PROPN	 Poland
Ulici attempted to synthesize the two conflicting natures in the Romanian identity, and viewed the two as terms in " an oxymoron " standing at the center of Romanian culture. In his essay on the history of drunkenness in Romanian culture, Mircea Bălan defined Mitică as:	:	PUNCT	"	PUNCT	 "
In the 1983 – 84 season Los Angeles went 54 – 28, and played Boston in the Finals for the first time since 1969. They won two of the first three games. Kevin McHale's hard clothesline foul of Lakers forward Kurt Rambis on a fast break	break	NOUN	is	AUX	 is
He played a key role in the Guadalcanal Campaign and the Battle of Guam and became the Commanding General of the First Marine Division. Del Valle played an instrumental role in the defeat of the Japanese forces in Okinawa and was in charge of the reorganization of Okinawa.	.	PUNCT	Admiral	PROPN	 Admiral
The principal horn, Alan Civil, recalled, " We did about eighty percent modern and twenty percent classical. The awful tragedy, for the orchestra, was that eventually we were not able to play the standard classics. We could sight read the most fearsome contemporary	contemporary	ADJ	piece	NOUN	 piece
He makes a mistake, then makes it again and again; he does not correct it, or look as if he were trying to do so. He seems to live for the exuberance of the moment. The encomiums were not confined to his batting gifts;	;	PUNCT	nor	CCONJ	 nor
Shortly after Mario's birth, his father revealed that he was having an affair with a German woman; consequently, Mario has two younger half brothers: Enrique and Ernesto Vargas. Vargas Llosa lived with his maternal family in Arequipa until a year after his parents '	'	PART	divorce	NOUN	 divorce
Also, unlike her previous soundtrack releases, she had little to no control over the project; " I'm used to writing my own songs and I go into a studio, choose the musicians and say what sounds good or doesn't [...] To work	work	VERB	on	ADP	 on
The authorities were investigating Martin's alleged numbers game operation at Ford plants and whether Martin had provided Michigan basketball players with money and gifts. Another item that they seized was a Western Union MoneyGram from Martin to Traylor. In the course of a federal investigation, evidence	evidence	NOUN	turned	VERB	 turned
Lord Doune's son, another James (c.1565 – 1592), married Elizabeth Stuart, 2nd Countess of Moray around 1580, becoming Earl of Moray himself. The castle thus came to be the seat of its keepers, the Earls of Moray, who owned it	it	PRON	until	ADP	 until
Three players share the record for most runner up finishes with four: Ben Hogan (1942, 1946, 1954, 1955), Tom Weiskopf (1969, 1972, 1974, 1975), Jack Nicklaus (1964, 1971, 1977, 1981) CBS has	has	AUX	televised	VERB	 televised
Halperin states that he told a Scientology official he wanted to have a successful career in Hollywood but was afraid that if his homosexuality was revealed it would stymie his career. He states that the Scientology official said the organization would " cure him of his sexuality through auditing	auditing	NOUN	"	PUNCT	 "
In 1951, Governor Theodore McKeldin criticized the University of Maryland as an example of wasteful state spending, and was especially critical of expansions to the Princess Anne campus, which was geographically disconnected from the state's black population and not attracting many students to study agriculture.	.	PUNCT	Contractors	NOUN	 Contractors
Downtown Winnipeg's Exchange District is named after the area's original grain exchange, which operated from 1880 to 1913. The 30 block district received National Historic Site of Canada status in 1997; it includes North America's most extensive collection of early 20th century terracotta and	and	CCONJ	cut	VERB	 cut
The album charted well on national record charts throughout Europe and Oceania, appearing in the top twenty in several countries. It received a multi platinum certification in Canada, single platinum certifications in Australia and Sweden, and gold certifications in Mexico, Spain, and the United	United	PROPN	Kingdom	PROPN	 Kingdom
This reliance led to large sets and set a precedent for the future days of film. By focusing on the stark and desperate situations of his characters, Aiken appealed to the emotions of his audiences. By combining this melodramatic approach with the content of Stowe's novel	novel	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
Morris ' performance in the series eventually displaced Brown from his position as a first choice opening batsman alongside Barnes. The injury meant that Brown was unable to play a single match for Queensland. Brown returned to first class cricket in 1947 – 48, scoring 192 runs	runs	NOUN	at	ADP	 at
A carapace covers the animal's cephalothorax, while the abdomen is long and segmented, ending in a broad tail fan. The first three pairs of legs bear claws, of which the first are greatly elongated and bear ridges of spines. Of the two pairs of	of	ADP	antennae	NOUN	 antennae
The project became one of the company's largest, with development taking over a year. The company understood the challenges of transplanting a game concept between social platforms and mobile / gaming systems. In a March 2011 interview, Rovio's Peter Vesterbacka said, " you	you	PRON	can	AUX	 can
Though Mitchell visited Melville Island regularly, he was primarily concerned with speaking to the officers, not the common prisoners. Mitchell was removed in October 1814 in retaliation for the treatment of the British prisoner agent, Thomas Barclay, by the United States government. Despite the	the	DET	conditions	NOUN	 conditions
Due to family difficulties, Wheatley acts as the guardian of two cousins and his half brother. Mongo was ten years younger than Wheatley, and graduated from high school in New Jersey in 2004 — thirteen years after Wheatley had graduated from high school. Wheatley was involved	involved	VERB	in	ADP	 in
After being mobilised in December 1942, Liddell guested with Chelsea and Cambridge Town. He broke his leg in a friendly kickabout while stationed in Bridgnorth, which required admission to the RAF Remedial Centre at Blackpool. Following his recovery, Liddell travelled to Canada to complete a	a	DET	course	NOUN	 course
Helena's favourite son, Prince Christian Victor, died in 1900, followed shortly by her mother, Queen Victoria, at Osborne House on 22 January 1901. The new King, King Edward VII, did not have close ties with his surviving sisters, with the	the	DET	exception	NOUN	 exception
Patrick Gann of RPGFan concurred and found all of the soundtrack's tunes to be " memorable " and the Original Soundtrack to be " very worth the purchase ". Philip of Square Enix Music Online, however, disliked the sound quality of the soundtrack and saw several	several	ADJ	tracks	NOUN	 tracks
Marianna's brother Angelo Padovani tested Scagliarini by saying falsely that he had heard it was Morisi who had baptised Edgardo. The ruse worked — Scagliarini said that she had been told the same thing by Morisi's sister Monica. The younger Angelo Padovani went with De Angelis	Angelis	PROPN	to	PART	 to
It is hard to fathom how South Vietnamese commanders hoped to move 400,000 civilians in utmost secrecy. So when North Vietnamese forces attacked the South Vietnamese column along Route 7, there was little South Vietnamese commanders could do to prevent the destruction of their units. The third	third	ADJ	factor	NOUN	 factor
Evolution favours high rates of fecundity in r selected species. Many kinds of insects and invasive species exhibit r selected characteristics. In contrast, a K selected species has low rates of fecundity, high levels of parental investment in the young, and low rates of mortality	mortality	NOUN	as	SCONJ	 as
As Moltke and Von der Tann were the only two German battlecruisers still in fighting condition, three dreadnoughts were assigned to the unit for the operation: Bayern and the two König class ships Markgraf and Grosser Kurfürst. Admiral Scheer and the rest of the High Seas Fleet	Fleet	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
Joppenbergh's ski track was coated with borax, and the tournament was held on July 18, 1937 at 2: 30 in the afternoon, with enough parking provided for 500 cars. In front of a crowd of 3,300 people, " jumpers took off from an	an	DET	in	ADP	 in
The third episode was nominated for the Golden Rose of Montreux, though did not win. Ian Johnson, the publicist for the series, believed that the European judges did not understand the farcical humour in the episode, noting that the British delegates to the festival were	were	AUX	"	PUNCT	 "
" includes the line " It's the great I Am " — taken from the response God gave when Moses asked for his name in the Book of Exodus (Exodus 3: 14). " Casimir Pulaski Day " describes the death of a girlfriend due to	to	ADP	bone	NOUN	 bone
A much greater increase in the numbers of foreign workers came with the oil price boom following the 1973 oil crisis. Infrastructure and development plans led to an influx of skilled and unskilled workers, principally Palestinians, Egyptians, Yemenis and others from Arab countries, but also	also	ADV	Indians	PROPN	 Indians
When Edial Hall failed, Johnson travelled to London and brought the unfinished manuscript with him. In 1737, Johnson tried to submit Irene to Charles Fleetwood, the owner manager of the Theatre Royal Drury Lane, but Fleetwood rejected it on the grounds that there was no	no	DET	patron	NOUN	 patron
The art critic Sally Yard has noted that in the portrayal of Dyer's flesh, " life seems to visibly drain... into the substantial character of the shadow beneath him ". Dyer's posture suggests he is seated on a lavatory bowl, though the object is	is	AUX	not	PART	 not
Torn was to use a modified version of the SPECIAL system; combat occurred in quasi real time, rather than strictly being turn based. To achieve this, Black Isle Studios created the " recovery system ", in which action points were used to determine the amount	amount	NOUN	a	DET	 a
Due to the lack of strong resistance, two Australian Army divisions succeeded in occupying eastern Indonesia. The British were charged with restoring order and civilian government in Java. The Dutch took this to mean pre war colonial administration and continued to claim sovereignty over Indonesia. The	The	DET	British	ADJ	 British
He played mostly for the Lancaster Red Roses until he made his major league debut with the Athletics in 1912. Following three more seasons in the minor leagues, he stayed in the major leagues after signing with the Indians in 1916. During his nine seasons with the	the	DET	Indians	PROPN	 Indians
Mikael Wood of The Los Angeles Times called it the album's best song. Kevin Ritchie of Now named it the album's best song, praised Betty Wright's performance singing the hook and Kanye West's production. Nick Catucci of Entertainment Weekly and Michael Madden of	of	ADP	Consequence	PROPN	 Consequence
By the end of the song's second verse, Harrison declares a wish to " know " God also and attempts to reconcile the impatience: I really want to know you Really want to go with you Really want to show you, Lord, that it wo	wo	AUX	n't	PART	n't
According to the American ambassador to Paraguay Charles A. Washburn, Lopez explained his seizure of the Brazilian ship by saying " with more candor than discretion " that only by a war could the attention and respect of the world be secured to Paraguay; that although Paraguay was	was	AUX	a	DET	 a
In 1787, the Society for the Abolition of the Slave Trade was founded. Parliament received numerous petitions against the slave trade and examined the issue in 1788. With strong support by Sir William Dolben, who had toured a slave ship, it passed the Slave Trade	Trade	PROPN	Act	PROPN	 Act
Stern (German for " Star "), a German weekly news magazine published in Hamburg, was formed by the journalist and businessman Henri Nannen in 1948 to offer scandal, gossip and human interest stories. It was, according to the German media experts Frank Esser	Esser	PROPN	and	CCONJ	 and
Other pieces based on the opera included works by Adolf von Henselt and Jean Amédée Méreaux. Similar works, of varying musical quality, were churned out by composers for each of the further operas in attempts to cash in on their success. Meyerbeer's operas consistently enjoyed	enjoyed	VERB	enormous	ADJ	 enormous
In suppressing the revolution, Batista's government had orchestrated mass human rights abuses, with most estimates for the death toll typically placing it at around 20,000. Popular uproar across Cuba demanded that those figures who had been complicit in the widespread torture and killing of civilians be	be	AUX	brought	VERB	 brought
Some faulted the game for relying on the " wander around, get into a random battle, win battle, wander around, random battle, etc. " mechanics present in many other role playing games. G4 TV stated, " It's the best original (	(	PUNCT	nonport	NOUN	nonport
During the initial recording sessions for the album in 2007 in Fez, Morocco, the band wrote the song with producers Brian Eno and Daniel Lanois within a few hours. Together, they recorded the song in a single take; Eno called the song's recording "	"	PUNCT	the	DET	 the
After the initial exchange of gunfire ended, Crow fled the scene, but was shot in the back about 1.5 mi (2.4 km) away by an unknown assailant before he could reach safety. Poole and Clark did not participate in the battle and left immediately after	after	ADP	the	DET	 the
Former owner Tommy Gorman returned to Ottawa in 1944, when he purchased the club and the Auditorium. He operated the senior team until December 1954, when he shut down the team over the " rise of hockey on television. " When the Ottawa Hockey Club began	began	VERB	play	NOUN	 play
At the launch of the film in July 2009, Thiagarajan announced that 36 prominent actors would play lead roles with a hundred others in supporting roles. The invitation cards for the launch had 3D holographic designs which won the Sappi awards of the year 2009. Aishwarya Rai	Rai	PROPN	and	CCONJ	 and
However, as soon as UN forces retreated to Pusan Perimeter following the Battle of Taejon, the Naval aircraft were immediately re purposed for close air support and airstrikes against North Korean ground troops on the front. These missions were significantly more risky and the aircraft suffered much	much	ADV	higher	ADJ	 higher
The formal gardens were first laid out by Edward la Zouche, who was a horticulturist. Sir John Cope redesigned the gardens and continued the planting of trees in the park. At the close of the 18th century the grounds were re landscaped to be less formal,	,	PUNCT	and	CCONJ	 and
Actress Emma Thompson wrote the script and stars as Elinor Dashwood, while Kate Winslet plays Elinor's younger sister Marianne. The story follows the Dashwood sisters, members of a wealthy English family of landed gentry, as they must deal with circumstances of sudden destitution. They	They	PRON	are	AUX	 are
During the German led Axis invasion of Yugoslavia in April 1941, she was captured by the Italians and served with the Royal Italian Navy under her Yugoslav designation. Following the Italian capitulation in September 1943, she was captured by Germany and handed over to the Navy of	of	ADP	the	DET	 the
Since that time, advances have enabled the study of previously limited areas of observation (e.g. improved rock dating methods and submarine volcanic stages). In the 1970s, the Hawaiian seafloor was mapped using ship based sonar. Computed SYNBAPS (Synthetic Bathymetric Profiling System) data	data	NOUN	filled	VERB	 filled
It runs from Eaton Rapids to the VFW National Home for Children, southeast of town through a rural area. Approximately 1,000 vehicles each day use a highway that was first designated in the 1930s and paved in the 1940s. Starting in Eaton Rapids, M 188 heads	heads	NOUN	eastward	ADV	 eastward
In Game 4, the Penguins tied the Red Wings at two games apiece with three unanswered goals in the second period, including a shorthanded goal by Jordan Staal. With the series returning to Detroit, the Red Wings took a three games to two lead in the	the	DET	series	NOUN	 series
He retreated, suffering major losses, towards Częstochowa. On July 27, pressured by Franciszka z Krasińskich, he declared he would from then on strictly adhere to orders from the Confederacy that he had previously habitually disregarded. In October his responsibilities in the War Council were	were	AUX	increased	VERB	 increased
A few F2 hybrid seed cultivars also exist, such as Achillea ' Summer Berries '. Some cultivars are agamospermous plants, which retain their genetic composition and characteristics under reproduction. Occasionally cultivars are raised from seed of a specially selected provenance – for example the seed may	may	AUX	be	AUX	 be
Israel unilaterally withdrew from Gaza in 2005. By 2007, Hamas emerged both as the victor in Palestinian elections and in factional fighting with rival Fatah in the city and in the wider Gaza Strip and has since been the sole governing authority. Israel subsequently blockaded the Strip	Strip	PROPN	and	CCONJ	 and
(Znaniecki proposes the founding of a new empirically based science which would study science itself, and which he terms " the science of knowledge "; Znaniecki's proposed meta science has since been called by various other names, including " the science of science ",	,	PUNCT	"	PUNCT	 "
Madonna explained to them that she needed an uptempo song and a downtempo song. As per her demands, Leonard developed the uptempo song. Madonna came to the recording studio one Thursday, and Leonard handed her a cassette of a recording of the chorus, which he	he	PRON	had	AUX	 had
The mid to late 1990s were KMFDM's most successful years in terms of album sales and mainstream awareness. Konietzko moved to Seattle in 1994, while Esch moved to New Orleans. Watts rejoined the band to work on its eighth album, Nihil, which peaked at	at	ADP	No	NOUN	 No
Responding to lack of adequate hospital beds and housing for soldiers needed to protect the District, the Union commandeered University buildings, and by the time of President Abraham Lincoln's May 1861 visit to campus, 1,400 Union Army troops were stationed in temporary quarters there. Of	Of	ADP	these	DET	 these
Similar coins have been found in large quantities since his death. In addition to these writings, he produced a paper on the politics of Western India that was appended to the report of the House of Commons committee on Indian affairs, 1833. He had also taken	taken	VERB	notes	NOUN	 notes
Gruppe, 14 Fw 190s in total, in an attack on B 17s in the area of Sedan, but failed to detect the fighter escort of 29 P 47s 5,000 feet (1,500 meters) above. His aircraft was seen taking hits at a range of 400	400	NUM	yards	NOUN	 yards
As the roll call finished, Matilda Joslyn Gage, a suffragist, mounted the stage, provoking cheers from some delegates and howls of outrage from others. She called for the new party to recognize women's right to vote, but the issue was avoided temporarily when	when	SCONJ	the	DET	 the
The adverse weather conditions common over Japan also limited the effectiveness of the Superfortresses, as crews that managed to reach their target were often unable to bomb accurately due to high winds or cloud cover. United States Marine Corps and Army forces captured the Japanese held islands of	of	ADP	Guam	PROPN	 Guam
In 2006, Lionsgate released a Blu ray of the film that is presented in a slightly washed out 1080p transfer and included no special features and a DTS 5.1 audio track from the DVDs instead of a lossless audio track. On May 19, 2009, Lionsgate re	re	VERB	released	VERB	 released
Mario can fold into a boat or a paper airplane by standing on a special activation panel, and roll up into a scroll of paper or become paper thin. The game's environments also follow this theme; for example, illusory objects that conceal secret items or	or	CCONJ	switches	NOUN	 switches
The white stork is a rare visitor to the British Isles, as about 20 birds are seen in Britain every year, but there are no records of nesting. A pair nested atop St Giles High Kirk in Edinburgh, Scotland in 1416. A decline in population	population	NOUN	began	VERB	 began
Regardless, his parents called him Bix, which seems to have been his preference. In a letter to his mother when he was nine years old, Beiderbecke signed off, " frome your Leon Bix Beiderbecke not Bismark Remeber [sic] ". Beiderbecke's father	father	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
The engineer at the session was Phil McDonald. According to Scott, the basic track took " a couple of hours " before they had a satisfactory take. The musicians then recorded a second song, " Simply Shady ", which, like " Hari's on	on	ADP	Tour	PROPN	 Tour
He agrees to destroy the rocks hindering the path in exchange for bonus coins. After Dixie and Kiddy find all bonus coins and five cogwheels hidden in Krematoa, the duo give the cogs to Boomer, who puts them into a machine which reactivates Krematoa, revealing the	the	DET	Knautilus	PROPN	 Knautilus
Sherwin White points out Eusebius ' use of the phrase in his passage on the Thundering Legion (at Historia Ecclesiastica 5.5), where it represents a reference to written sources. However, because Eusebius nowhere categorically asserts that he has read the letters (he only says	says	VERB	that	SCONJ	 that
Lucy accepts Gru's invitation for a date, and the pair dive into the ocean seconds before the rocket enters the volcano. After 147 dates, Gru and Lucy are married and Margo, Edith, and Agnes finally have a mother. The Minions close with a	a	DET	rendition	NOUN	 rendition
" He completes this thought later in his Concluding Unscientific Postscript and expands on looking inward in Practice in Christianity. The ethical and the ethical religious have nothing to do with the comparative. … All comparison delays, and that is why mediocrity likes it so much and	and	CCONJ	,	PUNCT	,
Hippe openly supported the Labour Party Prime Minister of Norway, Jens Stoltenberg from mid 2000 in Stoltenberg's first term (17 March 2000 to 19 October 2001). Hippe believed the government needed to spend more money from the Norwegian oil fund, saying: " The	The	DET	greatest	ADJ	 greatest
Following this, Gordon returns to the Citadel, unwillingly aiding Freeman in his journey up the Citadel and influencing the plot of the game. As Freeman is pursuing Dr. Breen to his teleporter, Frohman is about to kill Freeman — but he pauses to come up with	with	ADP	the	DET	 the
" A viral marketing campaign was employed for the film. After the revelation of the first teaser trailer, in August 2009, the film's official website featured only an animation of Cobb's spinning top. In December, the top toppled over and the website opened	opened	VERB	the	DET	 the
Daniel Schweiger of Film Music Magazine said that Mancina's score was " arguably a better one than Speed ", praising the album's " thrilling themes ", " epic orchestrations ", and " Jamaican style grooves ". Filmtracks.com gave the release four out of five	five	NUM	stars	NOUN	 stars
He was a midfielder but also played as a striker and represented his country at the under 16, under 18, under 19 and under 20 levels. He is now employed as under 20s manager for Dundee. Born in Chester, Johnson began his career with Crewe	Crewe	PROPN	Alexandra	PROPN	 Alexandra
" The second movement in four sections consists of an " exposition ", a fast fugue, a slow fugue and a brief coda. The music bursts in in B major and continues with great conflicts between instruments, until a broad, calm theme is found in	in	ADP	the	DET	 the
In 2006 he was an Outland and Lombardi Trophy watch lists selection and in 2007 he was a finalist for both awards. He was a consensus first team All American in 2006, and a unanimous first team All American in 2007. After being drafted by Miami,	,	PUNCT	he	PRON	 he
Throughout her reign, Ranavalona's aunt, Ramisindrazana, acted as an adviser and exercised considerable influence at court. Ranavalona's older sister, Rasendranoro, whose son Rakatomena and daughter Razafinandriamanitra lived with their mother at the Rova, was also a close companion. An American	American	ADJ	journalist	NOUN	 journalist
As a result of the hit, and a possible elbow, Betts suffered a broken orbital bone and was out indefinitely. Colin Campbell ruled that the hit was late on an unsuspecting player; he also believed it targeted the head, and as a result caused significant	significant	ADJ	injury	NOUN	 injury
Dorian Lynskey from The Guardian said West often " undercuts rap cliches with wit and ambivalence ", but observed some disappointing lyrics such as on " Can't Tell Me Nothing ", which he said revealed his limited perspective. Slant Magazine critic Eric Henderson found West's	's	PART	lyrics	NOUN	 lyrics
Following the success of Ronnie Barker: A BAFTA Tribute, Barker wanted to return The Two Ronnies to television and the BBC commissioned The Two Ronnies Sketchbook, a clip show of their best sketches along with newly recorded introductions. These were recorded in one day due to	to	ADP	Barker	PROPN	 Barker
Miss Pratt (1825) – foaled Echidna, who was the dam of The Baron. The Baron won the St. Leger and sired the influential stallion Stockwell. Velocipede (1825) – won the York St. Leger, York Gold Cup and Liverpool Cup. He sired	sired	VERB	Derby	PROPN	 Derby
As early as December 1756, New France's governor, the Marquis de Vaudreuil, began the process of recruiting Indians for the following summer's campaign. Fueled by stories circulated by Indian participants in the capture of Oswego, this drive was highly successful, drawing nearly	nearly	ADV	1,000	NUM	 1,000
The Democrats agreed and the filibuster ended. Tilden later blamed Bayard, among others, for his role in creating the Electoral Commission, but Bayard defended his position, believing that the only alternative to the result was civil war. In 1873, Congress had passed a	a	DET	Coinage	PROPN	 Coinage
He was the third of four sons born to Jack Matthews, a local boxer who was also known as the " Fighting Barber of Hanley ". In the summer of 1921, Jack Matthews took six year old Stanley to the Victoria Ground, home of the local	local	ADJ	club	NOUN	 club
Not only was the roof repaired but much of the panelling taken down and repaired, and new cornices installed. Also attempts were made to curtail serious infestations of dry rot. By the time of the death of the 6th Baron in 1978, the resultant death duties	duties	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
At the time, the only available source of pig bristles was China. In 1946, the company Jardine Matheson acquired 100 tonnes (98 long tons; 110 short tons) of bristles for the British government and a further 25 tonnes (25 long tons; 28	28	NUM	short	ADJ	 short
Dennis Tucker, head of Whitman Publishing, in 2016 described the coin as " something of a ' Sarah plain and small '. " Congress had required, in the authorizing act for the three cent silver, that the piece bear a design distinct from both the	the	DET	gold	ADJ	 gold
It came to most of Europe on 29 April 2011 and the UK on 28 April 2011. The announcement in Famitsū revealed that the player would have the option to play as a female character. This selection alters some aspects of the story: the first Persona gained	gained	VERB	by	ADP	 by
Pineda began the 2013 season on the 60 day DL as he was still recovering from the shoulder surgery. He was activated from the disabled list on July 8, 2013, and optioned to the minor leagues, where he pitched for the Scranton / Wilkes Barre RailRiders	RailRiders	PROPN	of	ADP	 of
When the lakes dry up, they leave a crust or hardpan behind. This area of deposited clay, silt or sand is known as a playa. The deserts of North America have more than one hundred playas, many of them relics of Lake Bonneville which covered	covered	VERB	parts	NOUN	 parts
The Cloverleaf Trail, the older of the two roads, was initially developed as the Rainy River colonization road. A line was blazed as early as 1875, possibly as part of the Dawson Trail, and improved in 1885 into a trail. This initial trail followed	followed	VERB	the	DET	 the
Some feminists are engaged with men's issues activism, such as bringing attention to male rape and spousal battery and addressing negative social expectations for men. Male participation in feminism is encouraged by feminists and is seen as an important strategy for achieving full societal commitment to gender	gender	NOUN	equality	NOUN	 equality
It moved steadily southeast for 12 mi (19 km), moving just south of New Preston, and then through Washington, before turning north and dissipating. The next path of damage started further north along the Shepaug River. It is unknown whether this was a	a	DET	tornado	NOUN	 tornado
Kurasame Susaya (クラサメ ・ スサヤ) is Class Zero's mentor and a guest character in battle. He is accompanied by a tonberry, a recurring monster in the Final Fantasy series. In earlier years, he was friends with Kazusa and Emina, and his performance	performance	NOUN	on	ADP	 on
Ranking fourth in the Eastern Conference going into the 1996 playoffs, Jovanovski helped the Panthers advance to the Stanley Cup Finals. He scored his first career Stanley Cup playoff goal in Game 2 of the first round against Boston Bruins goaltender Craig Billington. Facing the Colorado Avalanche	Avalanche	PROPN	in	ADP	 in
Bond awakens, tied up with Natalya in the helicopter programmed to self destruct, but they escape. They are captured and brought to the military archives, where Russian Minister of Defence Dimitri Mishkin interrogates them. As Natalya reveals the existence of a second satellite and Ourumov	Ourumov	PROPN	's	PART	's
" In attempting to navigate the cultural expectations of female writers and the generic conventions of political and philosophical discourse, Wollstonecraft, as she does throughout her oeuvre, constructs a unique blend of masculine and feminine styles in the Rights of Woman. She utilises the language of	of	ADP	philosophy	NOUN	 philosophy
The latter name is the origin of the Modern Greek stikhio (στοιχειό), denoting various kinds of spirits in Greek folklore, such as those fighting for the well being of their village or area against adverse spirits from elsewhere. According to linguists Petar Skok and Norbert	Norbert	PROPN	Jokl	PROPN	 Jokl
The trade transformed both clubs. The formerly inept Leafs turned into a contender almost immediately, while Leeman scored only eleven goals in a Flames uniform. Despite the blossoming of Theoren Fleury into an NHL star, the Flames missed the playoffs entirely in 1992, only a	a	DET	year	NOUN	 year
These were supported by twenty 57 mm (2.2 in) 43 cal. guns and ten 37 mm (1.5 in) guns. As was customary for capital ships of the period, she carried five 17.7 in (450 mm) torpedo tubes in above water launchers	launchers	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
The territory officially came under government control as the Federal Capital Territory on 1 January 1911. The planning and construction of Canberra followed, with the Parliament of Australia moving there in 1927. The Territory officially became the Australian Capital Territory in 1938. Canberra was built to	to	PART	accommodate	VERB	 accommodate
Shore birds include meadow pipit, rock pipit and ringed plover. The woodland at Carrick House attracts a variety of migrants and otters can be seen around the coasts. There are colonies of harbour and grey seals on Muckle Green Holm, Little Green Holm, Faray and	and	CCONJ	Holm	PROPN	 Holm
On September 14, 1861, after reorganizing, they were ordered by Governor Edwin D. Morgan, at the request of Secretary of War Simon Cameron, to return to Virginia with two days ' cooked rations. They were to be encamped at Fort Monroe on the tip	tip	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
" David Packard at DVD Verdict said in a review of the The Simpsons Gone Wild DVD that " this episode sports some of the awkward animation and voice work that is prevalent in episodes from the first season. That aspect isn't an issue to me; in	in	ADP	fact	NOUN	 fact
According to El Moutawakel, the Commission was very impressed with the unity of government support, the quality of the presentations and the level of integration of the Games in the country's long term development plan. After seven days of inspections involving 300 professionals, the thirteen	thirteen	NUM	members	NOUN	 members
The NHC downgraded the storm back to a tropical depression on August 25. Barry made landfall near Melbourne, Florida the same morning with winds of 35 mph (55 km / h). After crossing Florida, the depression traveled towards the west southwest due to a	a	DET	strong	ADJ	 strong
Every January, the university holds a week long winter festival, Kuviasungnerk / Kangeiko, which include early morning exercise routines and fitness workshops. The university also annually holds a summer carnival and concert called Summer Breeze that hosts outside musicians, and is home to Doc Films	Films	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
As such, contradictory statements highlight the unreliable nature of Cal's narration. While narrating the story that pre dates his birth, he remarks, " Of course, a narrator in my position (prefetal at the time) can't be entirely sure about any of	of	ADP	this	PRON	 this
Perhaps the most famous proponent of the Bates method was the British writer Aldous Huxley. At the age of sixteen Huxley had an attack of keratitis, which, after an 18 month period of near blindness, left him with one eye just capable of light perception and	and	CCONJ	the	DET	 the
By the start of the new century, Robey was a big name in pantomime, and he was able to choose his roles. Pantomime enjoyed wide popularity until the 1890s, but by the time Robey had reached his peak, interest in it was on the wane	wane	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
According to Orderic Vitalis, Magnus left treasure with a wealthy citizen in Lincoln which was confiscated by King Henry after Magnus ' death. This treasure could have been paid by Norman earls for Magnus ' support, and possibly arranged by the Giffarðr who is said to have	have	AUX	visited	VERB	 visited
The Pilgrims were not the first people in the area. Besides the indigenous tribes, there had been nearly a century of exploration, fishing, and settlement by Europeans. John Cabot's discovery of Newfoundland in 1497 had laid the foundation for the extensive English claims over	over	ADP	the	DET	 the
Early in their career, Madness were linked to skinheads; members of a British working class subculture that the media often stereotyped as racist (although many skinheads, including the original generation, are non racist or anti racist). Not only was Madness, along with	with	ADP	other	ADJ	 other
" The ideas of the Greek traditions of natural history and medicine survived, but they were generally taken unquestioningly in medieval Europe. The decline of the Roman Empire led to the disappearance or destruction of much knowledge, though physicians still incorporated many aspects of the Greek tradition	tradition	NOUN	into	ADP	 into
The cause of the explosion was investigated by a board of inquiry, which in March 1898 came to the conclusion the explosion was caused by a sea mine, and there was pressure from the public to blame Spain for sinking the ship. However, later investigations pointed	pointed	VERB	to	ADP	 to
The country is divided into 47 prefectures in eight regions. The population of 126 million is the world's tenth largest. Japanese people make up 98.5% of Japan's total population. Approximately 9.1 million people live in the core city of Tokyo, the capital city	city	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
An intense investigation took place into the events in Manila and it was discovered that the group behind the bridge bomb was a Saudi terrorist group in Afghanistan known as al Qaeda and the plot was masterminded by Osama bin Laden. Until recently, this thwarted assassination attempt was	was	AUX	never	ADV	 never
In 1884, a number of different coins were countermarked with a fleur de lis for circulation on Puerto Rico. Spanish 2, 4 and 8 reales, and 5 and 10 centimos, United States ' 20 cents, quarters, halves and dollars were all countermarked and	and	CCONJ	used	VERB	 used
He believes himself without an identity and, in a desperate attempt to find one for himself, starts taking people apart and studying their insides to find out something to which he can associate himself with. He kills people and puts them in a red box, so	so	SCONJ	that	SCONJ	 that
Starting to appear more frequently, Dotty became a recurring character. Santer told Digital Spy in May 2009 that Dotty's storyline would go " to a very, very dark place! " He questioned whether the character was born bad or if her father had made her	her	PRON	that	DET	 that
He noted the existence of blood tests of imprisoned Falun Gong followers, which is not useful for the victims but is critical to organ donation, and said the allegations were “ credible. ” Non fiction writer Scott Carney included the allegations in his book The Red Market	Market	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
A short final " Conclusion " deals with her return to England, and lists supporters of her fund raising effort, including Rokeby, Prince Edward of Saxe Weimar, the Duke of Wellington, the Duke of Newcastle, William Russell, and other prominent men in the	the	DET	military	NOUN	 military
By so doing he managed to maintain the volume of traffic carried by the canal, both freight and passengers, at a time when the country was suffering a trade depression. However Bradshaw's tactics led to a sharp decline in profits. At the same time costs	costs	NOUN	were	AUX	 were
In February 2012, the Centre for Economics and Business Research concluded that " Scotland receives no net subsidy " from the UK, as greater per capita tax generation in Scotland balanced out greater per capita public spending. More recent data, from 2012 – 13, show	show	VERB	that	SCONJ	 that
The UERL had financial problems. Ticket prices were low and passenger numbers were significantly below the pre opening estimates. The lower than expected passenger numbers were partly the result of competition between the UERL's lines and those of the other tube and sub surface railway companies.	.	PUNCT	The	DET	 The
Dr. Duncan Anderson (consultant editor). Oxford: Osprey. ISBN 1 84176 707 7. Smith, George W. (2003). Carlson's Raid: The Daring Marine Assault on Makin. Berkley Trade. ISBN 978 0 425 19019 7. Hoffman, Jon	Jon	PROPN	T.	PROPN	 T.
If blowing up a four foot plane, the explosion must be a minimum of eight feet in the air. To film the explosion in detail, the crew used three cameras running 120 frames per second and one camera running 300 frames per second (if they had	had	AUX	filmed	VERB	 filmed
After retiring as a rugby player, he continued to take part as an umpire. In 1884 he started mountaineering, and within two years he was well known in the mountain climbing community, and a well regarded alpine explorer. In 1888, he and William Frederick	Frederick	PROPN	Donkin	PROPN	 Donkin
This time, the judge implores the people of the court to please stop saying " Oh no!, " because, as he puts it, " The f * * kin ' Kool Aid guy's gonna keep showing up!! " " Lois Kills	Kills	PROPN	Stewie	PROPN	 Stewie
In the meantime, units at the front went through a number of war games to practice repelling an enemy counterattack and exploiting a breakthrough with mechanized forces. These movements were masked through a deception campaign by the Soviets, including the decrease of radio traffic, camouflage,	,	PUNCT	operational	ADJ	 operational
In response, requests for assistance was sent to contacts in England and in October 1944 the Royal Air Force bombed the Gestapo headquarters successfully destroying archives and obstructing the ongoing investigation. The 5 Kolonne group was established with assistance from Holger Danske to restore a resistance movement in	in	ADP	Aarhus	PROPN	 Aarhus
" All movement had been restricted to nighttime, culminating in a general move forward on the night of 18 / 19 September. " The night... was fine and still. " The 4th and 5th Cavalry Divisions were close behind the infantry, while the Australian Mounted	Mounted	PROPN	Division	PROPN	 Division
Wheelwright arrived in Boston in the Massachusetts Bay Colony on 26 May 1636, and was admitted to the Boston church on 12 June 1636, with his wife, Mary, and her mother, Susanna Hutchinson. During the year of his arrival, several of the Puritan	Puritan	PROPN	ministers	NOUN	 ministers
His reign lasted from 10 to 15 years and was a period of continued activity. In most of the Maya region cities already were suffering terminal decline, engulfed by the Classic Maya collapse, but in Quiriguá " Sky Xul " dedicated three great zoomorph sculptures and two	two	NUM	altars	NOUN	 altars
Kanche translates to fence in English and Krish relates that the film focuses on the effects of a fence on friendship. On the 75th anniversary of World War II, Krish told the Indo Asian News Service on 1 September that Kanche is his " most ambitious project "	"	PUNCT	and	CCONJ	 and
Bacteria can also be elongated to form filaments, for example the Actinobacteria. Filamentous bacteria are often surrounded by a sheath that contains many individual cells. Certain types, such as species of the genus Nocardia, even form complex, branched filaments, similar in appearance to	to	ADP	fungal	ADJ	 fungal
After that, the two fronts were to rest for 10 days and resume the offensive southward in further operations. The biggest difference from the earlier Sinyavino Offensive was the location of the main attack. In September 1942 the Soviet forces were attacking south of the town of	of	ADP	Siniavino	PROPN	 Siniavino
The Norddeutscher Lloyd (NDL) steamer Locksun towed Geier to the Marshall Islands, where further repairs were made from 17 to 20 September. By this time, the ship's coal and water supplies were so low that the ship would not be able to continue past	past	ADP	Hawaii	PROPN	 Hawaii
The Olympic Village in Hamar will make use of the 239 room Hotel Scandic Hamar, located between the two venues. It will serve as a village for all skating sports (long track, short track and figure), which take place in Hamar and Gjøvik.	.	PUNCT	Travel	NOUN	 Travel
The northbound bridge was completed in April 2008 and the southbound bridge was completed in April 2009. In May 2012, construction of the causeway was completed, with all four lanes opened to traffic. In addition to the new causeway, the project also called for the	the	DET	construction	NOUN	 construction
Nineteenth century lithographs of Marko were made by Anastas Jovanović, Ferdo Kikerec and others. Artists who painted Marko during that century include Mina Karadžić, Novak Radonić and Đura Jakšić. Twentieth century artists include Nadežda Petrović, Mirko Rački, Uroš Predić and Paja Jovanović. A	A	DET	sculpture	NOUN	 sculpture
When developing the character drama, the team took inspiration from another film by Carpenter, 1982's The Thing. The moral alignment system, a staple in earlier Shin Megami Tensei entries, was reintroduced for Strange Journey to help players experience the game's themes. The	The	DET	central	ADJ	 central
Behindwoods rated Chandramukhi as " 2005's summer blockbuster of the decade (from 2003 to 2013) ". Split personality syndrome became better known after the release of the film. MIOT hospital, in a blog description of the syndrome, called it The Chandramukhi syndrome.	.	PUNCT	Film	NOUN	 Film
Beyoncé is a fourteen track set with seventeen short films: a video for each audio track, two extra videos to accompany the two part tracks " Haunted " and " Partition ", as well as a bonus video for " Grown Woman ", which lacks an	an	DET	equivalent	ADJ	 equivalent
The Spring Special Love Hina Spring Special: I Wish Your Dream was also shown on TV Tokyo on April 2, 2001. The DVD was released in Japan on August 1, 2001, in North American on March 18, 2003 and in the United Kingdom on	on	ADP	May	PROPN	 May
The episode also introduced the characters of The Lone Gunmen — conspiracy theorists John Fitzgerald Byers (Bruce Harwood), Richard Langly (Dean Haglund) and Melvin Frohike (Tom Braidwood). The characters, who were used to help Mulder appear more credible, were originally	originally	ADV	meant	VERB	 meant
In the US, approximately 60% of people with HIV use various forms of complementary or alternative medicine, even though the effectiveness of most of these therapies has not been established. There is not enough evidence to support the use of herbal medicines. There is insufficient	insufficient	ADJ	evidence	NOUN	 evidence
Each zone has a dominant species of vegetation. Many of the species found higher up the mountain are endemic, either to Mount Kenya or East Africa. There are also differences within the zones, depending on the side of the mountain and aspect of the slope.	.	PUNCT	The	DET	 The
In 2008, the company estimated that it might be possible to start construction in 2013, and complete the project by 2016. On 21 April 2009, State Secretary Geir Pollestad stated that the government would support a bridge, but did not indicate if a two lane	lane	NOUN	or	CCONJ	 or
The sideboard, which had been commissioned from Collier and Plucknett, was further extended. New items were also ordered from Collier and Plucknett. Simultaneously, Antony had electricity installed, an early UK example of houses being lit in this way. Antony spent the first night	night	NOUN	after	ADP	 after
She came under Cradock's command in mid September. At the end of September, Cradock made his first fruitless search of the Tierra del Fuego area and later detached Monmouth and two other ships to search up the Chilean coast, reaching Valparaiso on 15 October, while	while	SCONJ	his	PRON	 his
The film Casablanca was a plot device in the science fiction television movie Overdrawn at the Memory Bank (1983), based on John Varley's story. It was referred to in Terry Gilliam's dystopian Brazil (1985). Warner Bros. produced its own parody in	in	ADP	the	DET	 the
The upper portion of the panel shows the second coming as recorded in Matthew 25: 31: " But when the Son of Man comes in his glory, and all the holy angels with him, then he will sit on the throne of his glory. "	"	PUNCT	Christ	PROPN	 Christ
The first novel, Veronica Mars: The Thousand Dollar Tan Line, was released by Random House on March 25, 2014, as a Vintage Books trade paperback (ISBN 978 0 8041 7070 3), an eBook (ISBN 978 0 8041 7071 0),	,	PUNCT	and	CCONJ	 and
But Coach Brown called a timeout before Groza could make the try, which alerted the Giants to a possible fake kick. Brown indeed called a fake, and the holder stumbled as he got up to throw, ruining the play. The Giants came back to win	win	VERB	the	DET	 the
The episode introduced the characters of the Dummi Bears and Reptar. The Dummi Bears were inspired by non violent children's characters such as the Care Bears and Disney's Adventures of the Gummi Bears, whereas Reptar was heavily inspired by the Japanese monster Godzilla and satirized the	the	DET	ever	ADV	 ever
They were making 100 gallons of soup at a time, that ’ s 800 people all queuing at the back of the building. " In 1881, the committee from the Discharged Prisoner ’ s Aid Society asked to use the building when it was not in use	use	NOUN	for	ADP	 for
Chief judge Yasushi Nakamura stated that the reporting was " slipshod in the extreme. " After his tournament victory in July 2007, Asashōryū decided to skip the regional summer tour of Tōhoku and Hokkaidō beginning on 3 August because of injury. The medical forms submitted to the	the	DET	Japan	PROPN	 Japan
E stands for " export ". Tu 142MZ The last production variant of the " Bear F ", with new NK 12MP engines and a new avionics suite. Can be distinguished from other Tu 142s by its chin fairings. Built by Taganrog. Tu 142MZ K	K	PROPN	Proposed	VERB	 Proposed
They also designed about 23 urban churches of varying sizes and styles. Most were in the industrial towns of Lancashire, except for St John the Evangelist, Greenock (1877 – 78) in Scotland, a mission chapel in Scarborough, North Yorkshire (1885),	,	PUNCT	and	CCONJ	 and
One of the mudslides covered a 10 km (6.2 mi) section of the Yenhsi Highway between Hsitou and Luku. Road crews were quickly dispatched to the area but had to suspend cleanup efforts due to continuing impacts from Soudelor. Dozens of tour buses carrying tourists who	who	PRON	were	AUX	 were
In writing the episode, Davies expressed hope that " this mini adventure [would show] that music can take any shape or form, whether it ’ s singing, or playing the recorder, or even the spoons. " He states that " music can go	go	VERB	anywhere	ADV	 anywhere
Pixar paid tribute to their " good luck charm " in the end credits of Cars (2006) by parodying scenes from three of their earlier films, replacing all of the characters with motor vehicles. After the third scene, Mack (his character in Cars)	)	PUNCT	realizes	VERB	 realizes
A study of nine different bivalves with widespread distributions in tropical marine waters concluded that the mussel, Trichomya hirsuta, most nearly reflected in its tissues the level of heavy metals (Pb, Cd, Cu, Zn, Co, Ni, and Ag) in its	its	PRON	environment	NOUN	 environment
Supplies for several years were hoarded, and siege engines and incendiary materials (naphtha) were stockpiled. The supply train is said to have numbered 12,000 men, 6,000 camels and 6,000 donkeys, while according to the 13th century historian Bar Hebraeus, the troops included 30,000	30,000	NUM	volunteers	NOUN	 volunteers
Genus valde intricatum et numerosissimis dubiis oppressum A genus that is very complex and burdened with numerous uncertainties Narcissus was first described by Theophrastus (Θεόφραστος, c 371 - c 287 BC) in his Historia Plantarum (Greek: Περὶ φυτῶν ἱστορία) as νάρκισσος, referring to	to	ADP	N.	PROPN	 N.
Talbot returned home in mid December, to have " a quiet family Christmas ". Plans were made for a promotional trip to the US in 2009. Ruth Harrison, writing for FemaleFirst magazine, gave the album 4 / 5, saying that Talbot has " a	a	DET	great	ADJ	 great
Because of the negativity of Bruce's campaign against Powers, Bruce was the only person banned from Powers ' ranch, a frequent site for Colorado Springs Republican fundraisers. Bruce also ran unsuccessfully for the Colorado State Senate in 2000, losing a hotly contested Republican party primary	primary	NOUN	to	ADP	 to
Past the freeway portion, the route heads northwest along the border of Morris and Passaic Counties as a four- to six lane divided highway with a wide median at places, winding through mountainous areas and crossing Interstate 287 in Riverdale. The route continues northwest through Sussex County	County	PROPN	as	ADP	 as
The course at SFTS typically consisted of two streams, intermediate and advanced, and included such techniques as instrument flying, night flying, advanced aerobatics, formation flying, dive bombing, and aerial gunnery. The total duration of training varied during the war as demand for	for	ADP	aircrew	PROPN	 aircrew
Enemies and friends of Lowell alike questioned his vacillating interest in the question of slavery. Abolitionist Samuel Joseph May accused Lowell of trying to quit the movement because of his association with Harvard and the Boston Brahmin culture: " Having got into the smooth, dignified, self	self	NOUN	complacent	NOUN	 complacent
The sculpture was assigned to Charles Y. Harvey, a graduate of the American Academy in Rome, who had worked with Augustus Saint Gaudens on the Robert Gould Shaw Memorial in Boston. Charles Y. Harvey began work on Boy with Turtle at his studio in New York City	City	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
Thomas Carlyle, the Scottish philosopher, was one of those present that night, and he later recalled that: " The crowd was quiet, rather pleased than otherwise; whew'd and whistled when the breeze came as if to encourage it: ' there's a flare	flare	NOUN	up	ADP	 up
Giselle was first performed in Russia at the Bolshoi Theatre, St. Petersburg, on 18 December 1842. Stepan Gedeonov, the Director of the St. Petersburg Imperial Theatres, sent his ballet master Antoine Titus to Paris to find a new ballet for ballerina Yelena Andreyanova. Titus	Titus	PROPN	chose	VERB	 chose
The activists eventually gained the support of Senator Jacob K. Javits of New York and Representative Alvin Morell Bentley of Michigan. Javits said " Taras Shevchenko was a bard of freedom... It is fitting that the statue of such a national hero, who taught the American ideals	ideals	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
Max does not accept that his father is dead and never forgives his mother for remarrying. Héloïse also disapproves of Max's joining the Nazis, which further strains their relationship. Aristide Moreau – Max's stepfather, who is apparently connected to the French Resistance. Moreau	Moreau	PROPN	is	AUX	 is
A 2004 report by the United States Department of Energy stated that both the Shell technology and technology used in the Stuart Oil Shale Project could be competitive at prices above $25 per barrel, and that the Viru Keemia Grupp expected full scale production to be economical at	at	ADP	prices	NOUN	 prices
The situation in Nagorno Karabakh had grown so out of hand that in January 1989 the central government in Moscow temporarily took control of the region, a move welcomed by many Armenians. In September 1989, Popular Front (APF) leaders and their ever increasing supporters managed	managed	VERB	to	PART	 to
Hannibal transferred to the new Channel Fleet (formerly the Home Fleet) on 28 February 1905. This service ended on 3 August 1905, when she paid off into reserve at Devonport. Hannibal underwent a refit in 1906 in which she was converted to burn oil fuel	fuel	NOUN	and	CCONJ	 and
For example, mainline churches, with their upper class congregations, " promote [d] order, stability, and conservatism, and in so doing proved to be a powerful source of legitimation of the status quo and of existing disparities in the distribution of wealth and	and	CCONJ	power	NOUN	 power
The song became an FM rock radio staple and one of Thorogood's most identifiable and popular songs. In 1985, he performed it with Bo Diddley at Live Aid benefit concert in Philadelphia. " Who Do You Love? " continues to be a part of Thorogood	Thorogood	PROPN	's	PART	's
The nucleus of the helium 4 atom is identical with an alpha particle. High energy electron scattering experiments show its charge to decrease exponentially from a maximum at a central point, exactly as does the charge density of helium's own electron cloud. This symmetry reflects similar	similar	ADJ	underlying	ADJ	 underlying
Some linguists and philosophers of language have criticized Fodor's self proclaimed " extreme " concept nativism. Kent Bach, for example, takes Fodor to task for his criticisms of lexical semantics and polysemy. Fodor claims that there is no lexical structure to such verbs as "	"	PUNCT	keep	VERB	 keep
The Byzantines retained control of some fortresses in the north eastern corner of the island for some decades thereafter, and launched a number of efforts to recover the island until well into the 11th century, but were unable to seriously challenge Muslim control over Sicily. The fall	fall	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
" The following day the Liberty was again boarded and seized when officials found 20 barrels of tar and 200 barrels of oil on board for which no bond had been posted and no permit to load obtained. On June 10, customs officials seized the Liberty. Bostonians	Bostonians	PROPN	were	AUX	 were
After receiving a report that Governor Hutchinson had again refused to let the ships leave, Adams announced that " This meeting can do nothing further to save the country. " According to a popular story, Adams's statement was a prearranged signal for the " tea party	party	NOUN	"	PUNCT	 "
As in the third round, City won 1 – 0 thanks to a Francis Lee goal. The semi final, against Everton, was played at Villa Park. Everton were renowned for their powerful midfield of Ball, Harvey and Kendall, but opted to play more	more	ADV	defensively	ADV	 defensively
More than 1,000 autos were built by Haynes Automobile Company in 1910 and the company continued to experience growth, until a devastating fire swept the company factory in 1911 and killed one employee. Recovery from the blaze was slow, and it was not until 1913 that the	the	DET	company	NOUN	 company
" The Queen relied on her second eldest daughter Princess Alice as an unofficial secretary, but Alice needed an assistant of her own. Though Helena was the next eldest, she was considered unreliable by Victoria because of her inability to go long without bursting into tears.	.	PUNCT	Therefore	ADV	 Therefore
Even in Africa, knowledge of Soviet Affairs proved useful. With Leonid Brezhnev in power, Soviet foreign policy as of 1968 was dictated by the Brezhnev Doctrine, which held that, once a country became Communist, it was never to leave the Soviet sphere of influence	influence	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
However, the Auld Alliance with France led to the heavy defeat of a Scottish army at the Battle of Flodden in 1513 and the death of the king James IV, which would be followed by a long minority and a period of political instability. Kingship was the	the	DET	major	ADJ	 major
McLaren boss Ron Dennis played down the times, saying the team was concentrating on tyre evaluation. Dennis's lack of concern was vindicated on Saturday, with Hamilton setting the fastest time in practice with a lap of 1: 34.811. Massa finished the session a tenth	tenth	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
Piller felt that when Guinan took Ro to meet Captain Jean Luc Picard in that episode, the character was effectively presenting Ro to the fans of the series and endorsing her. During the writing process, he felt that once he came across the friendship between Guinan and	and	CCONJ	Ro	PROPN	 Ro
The number of cases of PID however, is not clear. It is estimated to affect about 1.5 percent of young women yearly. In the United States PID is estimated to affect about one million people yearly. A type of intrauterine device (IUD) known as	as	ADP	the	DET	 the
Theravada politics characteristically extended the biographical mode of recreating the Buddha's presence and associated with it the power of kings and other patrons of this image. The veneration of this Buddha image is thus informed by local conceptions of religious patronage in sociopolitical domains. Another legend narrated	narrated	VERB	in	ADP	 in
All passports had to be handed over. No one was allowed to travel without his permission. Ordinary members were not allowed to have telephones; senior members were allowed to make local calls only. His members knew nothing about his daily life, including where he lived	lived	VERB	.	PUNCT	.
Firstly, it is a measurement of the machine's health and is decreased, for example, when the machine hits another racer or the side of the track. The game introduces the ability to attack other racers by either utilizing a side or spin attack. Secondly	Secondly	ADV	,	PUNCT	,
NC 98 first appeared in 1930 as a state route connecting NC 91 and NC 102 in the coastal region of North Carolina. That routing was abolished in 1931 in favor of an extended NC 58. The current routing of NC 98 was established in 1934 with the	the	DET	road	NOUN	 road
Allardyce was awarded the Premier League Manager of the Month for February 2014 following a run of four wins and one draw in their five Premier League games. In April 2014, during an away game against West Bromwich Albion, a section of West Ham fans expressed their	their	PRON	distaste	NOUN	 distaste
Both of these techniques lead to characters having white outlines when copied digitally onto the scene. Parts of Hinata Inn and other locations used were inspired by real life locations and designed from photographs collected during research. Love Hina were originally serialized in Weekly Shōnen Magazine, between	between	ADP	November	PROPN	 November
The 2 / 15th took over the advance on 31 December, reaching Nunzen on New Years Day. The Sanga River was crossed on 2 January 1944 and the following day the 2 / 17th reached Cape King William. Further river crossings followed at the Sazomu and Mangu	Mangu	PROPN	Rivers	PROPN	 Rivers
The IIHF recognized the Czech Republic's team as the successor to Czechoslovakia and it retained its position in the top division. Slovakia's team began in the lowest division (Pool C) in 1994 and was forced to work its way up. Following this, the	the	DET	next	ADJ	 next
" Lancashire would not play — although all decisions about fitness for play should have been made by the umpires, not MacLaren — and the match was drawn. The incident provoked discussion in the press, but most critics agreed that MacLaren was in the wrong. MacLaren	MacLaren	PROPN	subsequently	ADV	 subsequently
In addition, over 300 plug in hybrids were sold in 2011, mainly Opel Amperas. Light duty plug in vehicle sales totaled 34,333 units in 2012, consisting of 24,713 all electric cars and vans, and 9,620 plug in hybrids. The Opel / Vauxhall Ampera plug	plug	NOUN	in	ADP	 in
In a more critical review, Spin's Jonathan Bernstein was not impressed by songs such as " If I Had No Loot " and " What Goes Around Comes Around ", accusing Tony! Toni! Toné! of competing with contemporary R & B acts such as	as	ADP	Silk	PROPN	 Silk
This normally had to be done within three days, and by 1897 only one claim per person at a time was allowed in a district, although married couples could exploit a loophole that allowed the wife to register a claim in her own name, doubling their amount	amount	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
Geophysicists believe that hotspots originate at one of two major boundaries deep in the Earth, either a shallow interface in the lower mantle between an upper convecting layer and a lower non convecting layer, or a deeper D ' ' (" D double prime ") layer	layer	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
The album was produced by Alan Douglas and Echo & the Bunnymen and was recorded at Doghouse Studios in Henley on Thames, Parr Street Studios in Liverpool, and Olympic Studios, Maida Vale Studios and CTS in London. As with previous Echo & the Bunnymen albums,	,	PUNCT	What	PRON	 What
Weiland and Marc McDonald were impressed with the new MOS Technology 6502 microprocessor that was a derivative of the 6800. They modified the 6800 development system to support the 6502 and " cranked out " a 6502 edition of BASIC. This version was later sold to Commodore and	and	CCONJ	Apple	PROPN	 Apple
The first ISA concert was held in September 2008 at the San Gabriel Mission Playhouse in Los Angeles. A second concert was held in March 2009 at the Palace of Fine Arts in San Francisco, and both events were attended by a sold out crowd. The concert	concert	NOUN	returned	VERB	 returned
During the recording of the album, the band was mainly influenced by post punk bands such as Wire, Public Image Ltd, and Joy Division, and their new sound drew comparisons to similar artists such as Magazine, Siouxsie and the Banshees, and Gang of Four	Four	PROPN	.	PUNCT	.
The same imagery is exhibited by the little boy outside who tries to frame Madonna's playbill image into different angles. There are four other men in the booths who are made of wood with paintings of artist Tamara de Lempicka on them. Madonna at one point takes	takes	VERB	off	ADP	 off
Fluorosurfactants are small organofluorine molecules used for repelling water and stains. Although expensive (comparable to pharmaceuticals at $200 – 2000 per kilogram), they yielded over $1 billion in annual revenues by 2006; Scotchgard alone generated over $300 million in 2000. Fluorosurfactants	Fluorosurfactants	NOUN	are	AUX	 are
These intrasexual displays of aggression are more frequent in females, and are vital when a breeding female is forcing both subadult and adult females to emigrate out of a familial group. Though aggression can occur within groups, the response towards intruders of another species is much more	more	ADV	drastic	ADJ	 drastic
The 12 minute performance featured Prince accompanied by two dancers he calls " The Twinz " and the Florida A & M University marching band, the Marching 100. Prince had rehearsed with the drum line for a week before the performance. The performance was on a large	large	ADJ	,	PUNCT	,
He made his debut in this match, coming on as a substitute in the last 15 minutes, during which he set up Dagenham & Redbridge striker Craig Mackail Smith for the final goal in a 4 – 1 victory. He was included in the squad which played	played	VERB	Northern	PROPN	 Northern
His two seasons with Basel were broken up by a loan spell with Thun, before he moved to England with Darlington in August 2008, where he played for one year. Burgmeier has won 99 caps and scored nine goals for his country. He is a right	right	ADJ	footed	VERB	 footed
On that occasion, the mother, Empress Shōshi received presents such as baby clothes and furniture. The illustration associated with this scene shows court nobles on the balconies outside of the principal building in which the queen is located. The second to fifth scenes of the Hachisuka	Hachisuka	PROPN	scroll	NOUN	 scroll
I wasn't rebellious in a certain way. I cared about being good at something. I didn't shave my underarms and I didn't wear make up like normal girls do. But I studied and I got good grades.... I wanted to be somebody.	.	PUNCT	"	PUNCT	 "
Oecomys sydandersoni is medium sized for its genus, being larger than, for example, O. bicolor, but smaller than O. concolor and O. mamorae. Its short, soft, and fine fur is bright ochraceous brown to pale tawny on the upperparts, changing moderately abruptly	abruptly	ADV	into	ADP	 into
Over the course of his work he shifted his focus from philosophy to sociology. He remains a major figure in the history of Polish and American sociology; the founder of Polish academic sociology, and of an entire school of thought in sociology. He won international renown	renown	NOUN	as	ADP	 as
This bill would have provided for 10,000 coins from the Philadelphia Mint, 2,000 coins from Denver, and 3,000 from the San Francisco Mint. Such a low mintage would have made the Denver coin a significant rarity, increasing Melish's profit. On February 17, the	the	DET	House	PROPN	 House
He joins her on the bed, and she begins playfully spanking him as the two enter a pillow fight. Another scene is interspersed, of Carey sporting a mini silver dress, with tall socks and heels, flaunting her body. The fantasy then adapts to a	a	DET	new	ADJ	 new
While the African wildcat is the ancestral subspecies from which domestic cats are descended, and wildcats and domestic cats can completely interbreed (Being subspecies of the same species), several intermediate stages occur between domestic pet and pedigree cats on one hand and those entirely wild animals	animals	NOUN	on	ADP	 on
The gameplay is characterized by fine control and split second timing as the player runs and jumps through over 300 hazardous levels while avoiding obstacles. Additional player created levels are available for free download. Development of the game began in January 2009. McMillen worked on level design	design	NOUN	and	CCONJ	 and
" Hunting Trip ", along with the other 23 second season episodes of Parks and Recreation, was released on a four disc DVD set in the United States on November 30, 2010. The DVD also included deleted scenes from each episode. It also included a	a	DET	commentary	NOUN	 commentary
Federer and Safin turned pro within one year of each other, with Safin turning pro in 1997 and Federer in 1998. Federer leads 4 – 1 on hard courts, 3 – 0 on grass, and 3 – 0 on clay courts, while Safin leads 1	1	NUM	–	SYM	 –
With the rise of Hanseatic power in the late 13th and early 14th century, Middle Low German became very influential. The Hanseatic league provided Swedish commerce and administration with a large number of Low German speaking immigrants. Many became quite influential members of Swedish medieval society,	,	PUNCT	and	CCONJ	 and
The division is alerted to a case where a man has been killed, eaten from the inside by insects. They identify the insects as " skelter beetles ", which is surprising as they had been assumed to have become extinct some ten years earlier along with sheep	sheep	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
A 20 minute mini episode in two parts called " The Monster Hunt " written by Trevor Baxendale and read by Anjli Mohindra was made especially for the Monster Hunt game on the Sarah Jane Adventures website. Two more comics were released " Return of the Krulius " and	and	CCONJ	"	PUNCT	 "
In June, Federer announced that after the end of his third term, he would resign as President of the ATP Players Council, a position he had held since 2008. At the Halle Open, Federer reached both the singles and the doubles finals and won his	his	PRON	seventh	ADJ	 seventh
It was the first time since 1979, when Tom Cousineau signed with the Canadian Football League instead of the Buffalo Bills, that the first overall pick chose not to play in the NFL. Rod Jones was known as a hard hitter and a world class track star	star	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
These studies provided the majority of the early educational effects of Sesame Street and have been cited in other studies of the effects of television on young children. Additional studies conducted throughout Sesame Street's history demonstrated that the show continued to have a positive effect on its young	young	ADJ	viewers	NOUN	 viewers
" State owned Russian news agency RIA Novosti immediately criticised the prize as a " political tool " — a denunciation swiftly picked up and relayed by Xinhua. Radio Free Europe reported Solidarnost (in Russia) planned to hold a public rally in support of Liu in Saint	Saint	PROPN	Petersburg	PROPN	 Petersburg
It should be noted that the precise nature of this strive for positive self concept is a matter of debate (see the self esteem hypothesis). Both the interpersonal intergroup continuum and the assumption of positive distinctiveness motivation arose as outcomes of the findings of minimal group studies	studies	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
Thus, Minot Air Force Base stored and maintained a ready arsenal of nuclear bombs, nuclear warheads, and associated delivery systems, including the AGM 129 Advanced Cruise Missile. The AGM 129 was fielded in 1987 as a stealthy cruise missile platform to deliver the W80 1	1	NUM	variable	ADJ	 variable
Eventually the MIT Corporation approved a formal agreement to merge with Harvard, over the vehement objections of MIT faculty, students, and alumni. However, a 1917 decision by the Massachusetts Supreme Judicial Court effectively put an end to the merger scheme. In 1916, the	the	DET	MIT	PROPN	 MIT
Two labels wanted the song. While Beyoncé worked on material for B ' Day, she was pleased with the demo of the " Irreplaceable " that was presented to her. However, " Irreplaceable " did not seem to fit on B ' Day, which was	was	AUX	supposed	VERB	 supposed
Her last flag change of command occurred on 23 January 1941, when Willson was relieved by Isaac Kidd, by that time a rear admiral. Captain Harold C. Train assumed command of the ship on 3 February. Captain Franklin Van Valkenburgh relieved Train on 3 February 1941	1941	NUM	.	PUNCT	.
The stipe is 8 – 22.5 cm (3.1 – 8.9 in) long and 0.7 – 1.5 cm (0.3 – 0.6 in) wide, cylindrical, broadening towards the base; the surface is white, smooth or slightly pruinose (covered with fine white powdery granules	granules	NOUN	)	PUNCT	)
In July, he proclaimed the reestablishment of the Kingdom of Montenegro, but his attempt to establish an Axis aligned puppet state triggered an immediate uprising. That September, Italian authorities sent him to an internment camp in Italy after the oubreak of an anti fascist revolt.	.	PUNCT	Drljević	ADJ	 Drljević
He spent most of his time drawing caricatures of his teachers and daydreaming, something not appreciated by his teachers. He was given to sketching and drawing from an early age, without encouragement from his family. However, when he turned sixteen and wanted to go to	to	ADP	Stockholm	PROPN	 Stockholm
Ear inflammations are common in drop eared breeds of dog, including the American Cocker, and luxating patellas and hip dysplasia have been identified in some members of the breed. Heart conditions such as dilated cardiomyopathy, where the heart becomes weakened and enlarged, and sick sinus	sinus	NOUN	syndrome	NOUN	 syndrome
Clarke made additional appearances as the Sun Demon. However, 18 months after the company started distributing the film, it went bankrupt. Because of this, Clarke never saw any income from the deal. Clarke later sold off the films rights to various distributors. In	In	ADP	the	DET	 the
In 1635, Mary and William Dyer sailed from England to New England. Mary was likely pregnant, or gave birth during the voyage, because on 20 December 1635 their son Samuel was baptized at the Boston church, exactly one week after the Dyers joined the church	church	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
It originally aired on the Fox network in the United States on December 19, 1999. In the episode, mafia boss Fat Tony successfully extorts a large sum of money from Springfield Elementary School, forcing Principal Skinner to close it down. However, a toy company	company	NOUN	called	VERB	 called
The French media and diplomatic corps viewed the result as a humiliation. Before the poll, French officials had privately predicted Diệm would dissolve the French High Command and use any victory as justification for scrapping the national reunification elections. The French media viewed the poll as undemocratic	undemocratic	ADJ	and	CCONJ	 and
They were not originally prepared to conduct major reconstruction efforts. When V Corps became the commanding element for the task force to rebuild Iraq, much of the invasion force, including the 130th Engineer Brigade, was sent to do jobs they had not been originally planned for	for	ADP	,	PUNCT	,
John Peckham, Archbishop of Canterbury, died in December 1292, and on 13 February 1293 Winchelsey was elected as his successor. Unusually, neither the pope nor the king had a hand in his election. On 1 April Winchelsey left England for Rome to get papal	papal	ADJ	confirmation	NOUN	 confirmation
Although Gattaca was not a success at the box office it drew generally favorable reviews from critics; The Fort Worth Star Telegram reviewer wrote that " Hawke, building on the sympathetic but edgy presence that has served him well since his kid actor days, is most impressive	impressive	ADJ	"	PUNCT	 "
This is the new Blairmore Suburban Development Area (SDA) hosting seven new neighbourhoods and a future interchange at the intersection of Highway 14 west, Dalmeny Road north, and 22nd Street West. Highway 7 continues east along 22nd Street West, concurrent with Highway 14.	.	PUNCT	The	DET	 The
Cognitive science consists of multiple research disciplines, including psychology, artificial intelligence, philosophy, neuroscience, linguistics, anthropology, sociology, and education. It spans many levels of analysis, from low level learning and decision mechanisms to high level logic and planning; from neural	neural	ADJ	circuitry	NOUN	 circuitry
The Japanese loss in the Battle of Midway, where four carriers were sunk (out of ten, to date, in the entire navy), made it certain that work on the ships would never begin. In the third volume of their Battleships series, Axis	Axis	PROPN	and	CCONJ	 and
The personnel included head constable Jayender Singh, sub inspector Jagbir Singh, and the members of the escort party provided to the couple. They claimed that the couple wanted them to leave. The SSP's statement was that " [i] t is correct that the	the	DET	deceased	ADJ	 deceased
The IndyCar series also conducted an investigation into whether or not the series should continue racing on high banked ovals such as Las Vegas and Texas Motor Speedway in Denton, Texas. Texas had been one of the staples of the IndyCar series since 1997 and had yet to	to	PART	be	AUX	 be
He's still invested in it and certainly cares about [Mulder]. And I think he recognized that it was the best thing for the show and the audience [for him] to come back and give closure to nine years of the series. " Not	Not	PART	only	ADV	 only
A slow ballad based on piano and guitar, it describes a heroin addicted couple living in Dublin's Ballymun flats; the towers have since become associated with the song. Though a lot of time was dedicated to the lyrics, the music was improvised with co producer	producer	NOUN	Daniel	PROPN	 Daniel
Captain Brown formally assumed command of Missouri on 10 December, just ahead of the completion of maintenance work on the battleship. On 23 December, Brown took the battleship out for a brief trip around the Virginia capes and returned to Norfolk on Christmas Eve. Her next	next	ADJ	scheduled	ADJ	 scheduled
An election for the new post was held on 15 November 2012, and Independent candidate George Ferguson became Mayor of Bristol. The Lord Mayor of Bristol, not to be confused with the Mayor of Bristol, is a figurehead elected each May by the city council.	.	PUNCT	Councillor	PROPN	 Councillor
The Gold Miners grew increasingly dissatisfied with Hornet Stadium. Anderson blamed losses of US $10 million over two years on the facility. After attempts to have Sacramento State upgrade or replace the facility failed, he announced in October 1994 — with two weeks to go in	in	ADP	the	DET	 the
Along with his Supreme Court appointment, McKinley appointed six judges to the United States Courts of Appeals, and 28 judges to the United States district courts. Republicans were generally successful in state and local elections around the country in 1899, and McKinley was optimistic about his	his	PRON	chances	NOUN	 chances
Other criticisms include the increasing emphasis on video quality and voiceovers, and their effect on development budgets and the amount and quality of dialogue offered. BioWare was considered the " savior " of the Western RPG following the drought in the mid 1990s, but its prominent Mass	Mass	PROPN	Effect	PROPN	 Effect
The creature's Yeti like appearance was based on a Smithsonian cover of a marmoset. Also created for the Rura Penthe shoot was a frozen Klingon with a horrified expression. Makeup artist Ed French found a spare Klingon headpiece in Richard Snell's possession and attached it to	to	ADP	his	PRON	 his
Although details of the second half are unavailable, touchdowns in the first half were scored by David Grayson, G. H. Kyser, Dan Smith (twice), William Little and T. S. Frazer. The play utilized most throughout the game was a rushing formation developed by	by	ADP	Harvard	PROPN	 Harvard
This solid base of support, however, was fragmented in the years following the war. Despite the collaborative nature of the victory, Sparta alone received the plunder taken from the defeated states and the tribute payments from the former Athenian Empire. Sparta's allies were further	further	ADV	alienated	VERB	 alienated
It was organized July 10, 1880, and chartered on October 23, 1880, to build a rail connection between what has become the city of Barstow and San Diego, California. Construction began in National City, just south of San Diego, in 1881,	,	PUNCT	and	CCONJ	 and
The authors of the DRC report were specific enough to predict that 19,746 jobs would be created by the dam's construction — not including jobs opened during the construction process. Both the 1962 study, and another report by University of Michigan researcher Michael Brewer in 1966,	,	PUNCT	stated	VERB	 stated
Since 1989, the Thorne and Hatfield Moors Conservation Forum have taken over this responsibility. These papers now run to eight volumes, and the forum has also published technical papers on many aspects of the moors. By the mid eighteenth century, there was a small but	but	CCONJ	established	VERB	 established
He implanted representatives of ethnic groups he had recently conquered in specified neighborhoods of the city. Each Merina social class had its designated districts: slaves lived south of the rova (a disfavored direction in Merina cosmology), the mainty (royal servant class) lived to	to	ADP	the	DET	 the
It's about feeling good, celebrating womanhood. " The album opens with the first single " Gimme More ", an upbeat dance pop and electropop song with influences of disco and funk. The song opens with a spoken intro in which Spears says the line "	"	PUNCT	It	PRON	 It
He was buried in the Royal Burial Ground behind the Royal Mausoleum of Queen Victoria and Prince Albert at Frogmore. Until a 1965 agreement with Queen Elizabeth II, the Duke and Duchess had planned for a burial in a cemetery plot they had purchased at Green Mount Cemetery	Cemetery	PROPN	in	ADP	 in
Solis had the support of Molina and U.S. Representative Barbara Boxer, in an effort that focused on door to door campaigning and featured Solis's mother making burritos for campaign volunteers. Solis came out on top of a three way Democratic race, receiving 49 percent of the	the	DET	vote	NOUN	 vote
Meanwhile, in neighbouring Normandy, Henry delivered justice through the courts run by his officials across the duchy and occasionally these cases made their way to the King himself. He also operated an exchequer court at Caen that heard cases relating to royal revenues and maintained a number	number	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
On July 9, a defined low pressure system formed south of Baja California and increased convective activity led to the NHC classifying it Tropical Depression Six E on July 11. About 24 hours later, the depression intensified into Tropical Storm Dalilia. By July 13, Dalilia	Dalilia	PROPN	had	AUX	 had
" Brew concluded, " Everyone who makes an animated film that has a love story at the heart should watch this. " Filmtracks.com described " Something There " as an " affable " song. Particularly praising Ashman's songwriting, Charles Solomon of the Los Angeles Times	Times	PROPN	wrote	VERB	 wrote
It is important to note that this uneasiness in categorization is perpetuated by the fact that major writers of the Boom (Fuentes, García Márquez and Vargas Llosa) continued writing well after the end of the Boom. The post Boom is distinct from the Boom in various	various	ADJ	respects	NOUN	 respects
The First single from the record, " Did we ever really Try " was released in October 2011 with an accompanying EP Magazine - written by the band with contributions from other artists and musicians. It reached number 10 on the charts, despite not being available in	in	ADP	record	NOUN	 record
In all first class matches, Crossland claimed 322 wickets at an average of 10.95. He took ten wickets in a match on six occasions, and five wickets in an innings 25 times. He scored 1,172 runs with a high score of 51. Crossland remained in	in	ADP	Lancashire	PROPN	 Lancashire
Later branches constructed in the nineteenth century included lines from Stoke on Trent to Congleton via Smallthorne and Biddulph; Stoke on Trent to Leek; Newcastle to Silverdale, Keele and Market Drayton (junction with the Great Western Railway); Alsager to Audley, Leycett and Keele	Keele	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
Resident Evil: Afterlife was released to DVD, Blu ray, and Blu ray 3D on December 28, 2010 in the United States. The Alice clones (Milla Jovovich) attack Umbrella HQ, Tokyo, slaying the entire branch except for Albert Wesker (Shawn Roberts	Roberts	PROPN	)	PUNCT	)
Immediately after the war, the 1948 Summer Olympics were held at the original Wembley Stadium, at a time when London had barely recovered from the war. In 1951, the Festival of Britain was held on the South Bank. The Great Smog of 1952 led to	to	ADP	the	DET	 the
If women express a desire to leave the sex industry, JC's Girls attempts to support them in doing so. JC's Girls aims to convey to women in the sex industry that Jesus loves them, that they are beautiful, and that they have dignity.	.	PUNCT	Its	PRON	 Its
Lisa LoCicero also guest starred as Daphne Peralta, the eponymous wedding planner. Mekenna Melvin reprised her recurring role of Casey's daughter and Morgan's girlfriend, Alex McHugh, and Clare Carey portrayed Alex's mother Kathleen. When Sarah travels to Miami, Florida to meet	meet	VERB	her	PRON	 her
There is a weekly free paper, the Bolton Journal and Bolton Council's monthly newspaper, Bolton Scene. The town is part of the BBC North West and ITV Granada television regions, served by the Winter Hill transmitter near Belmont. Local radio is provided by Tower	Tower	PROPN	FM	PROPN	 FM
In conveying his impressions of Falstaff, Hazlitt first emphasises the sheer physical bulk that we remember him by: " We are as well acquainted with his person as his mind, and his jokes come upon us with double force and relish from the quantity of flesh through	through	ADP	which	PRON	 which
The bad weather also disrupted international flights, and knocked out electricity to over 2 million households. NT $2 billion (1994 TWD), or US $75 million (1994 dollars), was the reported cost of damage. In Fujian Province, Typhoon Tim	Tim	PROPN	killed	VERB	 killed
The following night on Raw, Riley raised the hand of Miz with the WWE Championship with leading to his disqualification and at the Over the Limit. Riley left his phone behind that he used to trick the referee into thinking that Cena said " I Quit ".	.	PUNCT	Riley	PROPN	 Riley
The Russian word for poppy is " mak " (мак), a homophone for Mac — a major nickname for McDonald's in Russia. The company refused to comment of the veracity of the networks ' claims, and instead posted the advertisement on its YouTube channel	channel	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
The river then continues the remaining eight kilometres to the sea at Henley Beach South, emptying into Gulf St Vincent via a constructed outlet. Hope Valley, Millbrook and Kangaroo Creek Reservoirs, which provide water storage for Adelaide, capture the river's flow. These reservoirs	reservoirs	NOUN	form	VERB	 form
The animators added production errors that would come in a low budget film. For example, a man in the crowd looks at the camera, some of the people are wearing wristwatches, McClure's stuntman does not have the same sideburns as he does, and a	a	DET	boom	NOUN	 boom
Brown hired Collier as a backfield coach for the team, which was set to begin play in 1946. Initially his specialty was pass defense, but Brown soon rewarded Collier's extensive football knowledge with a broader assistant coaching assignment. Collier served under Brown from 1946 to	to	ADP	1953	NUM	 1953
In the first week of July, a mutiny broke out in the army and violence erupted between black and white civilians. Belgium sent troops to protect fleeing whites and two areas of the country, Katanga and South Kasai, seceded, with Belgian support. Amid continuing	continuing	VERB	unrest	NOUN	 unrest
Elliott worked on The Cookbook with such producers as The Neptunes, Rich Harrison and Scott Storch. The album included only two songs produced by Timbaland, who produced most or all songs on Elliott's previous albums. She explained, " Me and Tim, this like	like	ADP	our	PRON	 our
Neil Drumming of Entertainment Weekly wrote that the song has a " fresh sound ". Spence D. of IGN Music wrote that Beyoncé rides the " infectious rhythm " with grace and mid range seductively. He added, " As [it] can be expected, the	the	DET	track	NOUN	 track
HMS Empress of India, named after a regnal title of Queen Victoria, was the first ship of her name to serve in the Royal Navy. She was ordered under the Naval Defence Act Programme of 1889 with the name of Renown and was laid down on 9	9	NUM	July	PROPN	 July
Mexico's Lucia Vazquez Delgadillo then opened the scoring to give Mexico a two point lead, which turned out to be their biggest of the game. Gauci then put points on the scoreboard for the Gliders. Mexico turned the ball over, and Crispin got her first	first	ADJ	from	ADP	 from
The role of Mr Darcy elevated Colin Firth to stardom. A scene showing Firth in a wet shirt was recognised as " one of the most unforgettable moments in British TV history ". The New York Times called the adaptation " a witty mix of love stories and	and	CCONJ	social	ADJ	 social
" In a statement confirming Knight's departure, Rhimes said: " I think I speak for the entire Grey's Anatomy family when I say we wish T.R. Knight the best in his future endeavors. He is an incredibly talented actor and a person whose strength of	of	ADP	character	NOUN	 character
For instance, a classic 1910 reconstruction by Oliver P. Hay depicts two Diplodocus with splayed lizard like limbs on the banks of a river. Hay argued that Diplodocus had a sprawling, lizard like gait with widely splayed legs, and was supported by Gustav Tornier. However	However	ADV	,	PUNCT	,
The Ambrose leader cable was an armored cable with a single internal conductor (see picture) that acted like a long radio antenna laid on the Channel floor. It originated at Fort Lafayette (near the present day Verrazano Narrows Bridge), then extended 16 miles down	down	ADP	the	DET	 the
Music supervisor Robert Kraft used existing music from the 1950s, all of which had to be re recorded, as they were originally recorded in mono sound. The song " Beautiful Maria of My Soul " was written for the film by Glimcher, and composed by Kraft	Kraft	PROPN	.	PUNCT	.
Now totally dismasted, Bellerophon began to drift away from the action, her crew fighting fires. As she moved out of the line she received some long range shots from the French Tonnant. As Bellerophon slowly drifted away, she was sighted by the 74 gun HMS	HMS	PROPN	Swiftsure	PROPN	 Swiftsure
Everyone has their sexuality. It's how you treat people in everyday life that counts, not what turns you on in your fantasy. If all a person ever did was get off on porno movies I would say they are probably dysfunctional sexually, but I do	do	AUX	n't	PART	n't
In New York, WOR aired the games in English, with Howie Rose and Josh Lewin announcing, while WEPN AM aired the games in Spanish, with Juan Alicea and Max Pérez Jiménez announcing. In Kansas City, KCSP broadcast the games, with Denny Matthews,	,	PUNCT	Ryan	PROPN	 Ryan
Major riots broke out in Léopoldville, the Congolese capital, on 4 January 1959 after a political demonstration turned violent. The Force Publique, the colonial gendarmerie, used force against the rioters — at least 49 people were killed, and total casualties may have been as	as	ADV	high	ADJ	 high
The heads up display, which simulates the inside of Samus ' helmet, features a radar display, a map, ammunition for missiles, a health meter, a danger meter for negotiating hazardous landscape or materials, and a health bar and name display for bosses.	.	PUNCT	The	DET	 The
It was found to be generally superior to dicoumarol, and in 1954 was approved for medical use in humans. An early recipient of warfarin was US president Dwight Eisenhower, who was prescribed the drug after having a heart attack in 1955. The exact mechanism of action	action	NOUN	remained	VERB	 remained
The subject wears an opulent red gown with turned back trumpet sleeves and a partlet with standing collar; the latter is embroidered with a fleur de lis pattern, the heraldic emblem of French royalty. The design on her underskirt shows a pattern variously identified as strawberries,	,	PUNCT	gilliflowers	NOUN	 gilliflowers
The Hubble Space Telescope, which is being repaired at the beginning of the movie, previously had an altitude of about 559 kilometres (347 mi) and an orbital inclination of 28.5 degrees. As of the release of the movie, the ISS had an altitude of	of	ADP	around	ADP	 around
" Digital Spy's Nick Levine named it a " strutting arena rock " song, while Nick Butler from Sputnikmusic simply called it " great. " The New York Times editor Kelefa Sanneh positively viewed the track's theme as " fearless " and " full of mildly	mildly	ADV	rebellious	ADJ	 rebellious
While Zahir used force to strengthen his position in the region, the local inhabitants generally took comfort in his rule, which historian Thomas Philip described as " relatively just and reasonably fair ". According to Richard Pococke who visited the area in 1737, the local people	people	NOUN	had	VERB	 had
" Collider's Matt Goldberg considered that while Iron Man 2, Thor and Captain America: The First Avenger were quality productions, " they have never really been their own movies ", feeling that the plot detours to S.H.I.E.L.D. or lead ups to The Avengers dragged down	down	ADP	the	DET	 the
In 1965 Britain commenced an official program of metrication that, as of 2012, had not been completed. The British metrication program signalled the start of metrication programs elsewhere in the Commonwealth, though India had started its program before in 1959, six years before the United	United	PROPN	Kingdom	PROPN	 Kingdom
Cave 16 Cave 16 is a small dwelling, on a slightly higher level above cave 15. It has a cell with a bench along its right wall and a veranda, which leads to the cell through a door. The side walls as well as a part	part	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
This is a video for young teenage girls and not sexy at all. " Dark responded to the negative reviews saying, " I don't deny that I did [adult films], it's just that I also like people to know that I don't	n't	PART	currently	ADV	 currently
The two rap tracks in the session used the Massenburg EQ plug in, " the ' 9 ' send goes to the eighth note delay track immediately above the two rap tracks " and Digidesign Extra Long Delay. Strange also used compressors, including the Alta Moda Unicomp	Unicomp	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
In August 2015, it was announced that the song would be released as part of a public service announcement (PSA) video, directed by Catherine Hardwicke, to raise awareness about sexual assaults in college campuses. The Hollywood Reporter described it as casting " an emotional	emotional	ADJ	spotlight	NOUN	 spotlight
When a Liu family relative of an emperor — usually a princely son — was designated as his heir apparent, he was provided living quarters within the palace and a personal staff which was not disbanded until he became the next emperor. During Western Han, the staff	staff	NOUN	had	VERB	 had
Mooring was paid, and his contribution to the episode was acknowledged by the staff. There were several changes made to the script prior to filming, including the removal of Edward Jellico as the Captain of the Enterprise in Picard's alternative future and clarification that the stabbing	stabbing	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
As erosion depleted the soil, the cyclical forest regrowth and burning ended as the forest gradually failed to return. Today, the level of floral diversity increases with precipitation, from the dry southern forests to the wetter northern forests to the rainforests along the east coast.	.	PUNCT	Increased	VERB	 Increased
Speaking to the Yorkshire Evening Post in 2010, Eccleston denied that he left due to fear of being typecast. He stated that he " didn't enjoy the environment and the culture that we, the cast and crew, had to work in " and that he	he	PRON	did	AUX	 did
When the Persian capital of Ctesiphon in province of Khvârvarân (today known as Iraq) fell to the Muslims during the Islamic conquest of Persia in 637 under the military command of Sa ' ad ibn Abi Waqqas during the caliphate of Umar, the palaces and their archives	archives	NOUN	were	AUX	 were
When approached, Trumbull was busy on Close Encounters, and was tired of being ignored as a director and having to churn out special effects for someone else's production; after completing the effects work, Trumbull planned on launching his own feature using a new film process	process	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
Large thunderstorm areas known as mesoscale convective complexes move through the Plains, Midwest, and Great Lakes during the warm season, contributing up to 10% of the annual precipitation to the region. The El Niño – Southern Oscillation affects the precipitation distribution, by altering rainfall	rainfall	NOUN	patterns	NOUN	 patterns
It was first published by William Morrow and Company in 2008. Wall was born into a polygamous family in Salt Lake City and grew up attending the FLDS run Alta Academy. She describes her living situation as tense; familial relations were further complicated when her mother was	was	AUX	reassigned	VERB	 reassigned
Actions such as training units, constructing buildings, killing enemy units etc., earn the player experience points. At certain experience point thresholds, players earn shipments that may be turned in for cards from the player's Home City, which can include units, upgrades	upgrades	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
Early reports of Dr. Wily's Revenge were made in February 1991 in both the magazine GamePro and Steven A. Schwartz's book The Official Guide to Mega Man. The North American version of this game and the first DOS Mega Man game share a similar cover art.	.	PUNCT	Instead	ADV	 Instead
According to Wired.com, the legal threats " [had] Kickstriker ’ s founders rolling their eyes. " Kony 2012: Part II – Beyond Famous is a 20 minute video follow up to Kony 2012. The film was announced early on April 2, 2012,	,	PUNCT	to	PART	 to
The add on was not well received by reviewers, and instead was regarded as average but at least challenging. Retribution is not widely available, and Blizzard Entertainment offers no comment regarding support or the availability of Retribution despite authorizing the add on. StarCraft: Ghost is	is	AUX	a	DET	 a
The fall, on the other hand, brought Wainwright increased activity. After spending the first two weeks of September in repairs at Birkenhead, near Liverpool, she departed the yard at Laird Basin at about 07: 00 on the 14th to return to Queenstown. Three	Three	NUM	quarters	NOUN	 quarters
Belle is prescribed with painkillers to help combat her anxiety disorder. However she becomes addicted to them. Tovey said she does not want Aden to know because of the " shame " and she doesn't want him to know she has failed. She further explained that	that	SCONJ	"	PUNCT	 "
The $100,000 award was later reduced to $10,000 by the Ontario Court of Appeal, causing Livingstone to appeal to the highest court in the British Empire, the Judicial Committee of the Privy Council in London, England; the court denied his claim. Despite the	the	DET	reduced	ADJ	 reduced
The lawsuit also claimed that the number of known victims is much higher, 234, and estimates that the number of meals that the infected employee may have come in contact with could be as high 3000. At almost the same time as the Simi Valley norovirus outbreak	outbreak	VERB	,	PUNCT	,
That's the gist of it, that's why I feel like killing myself. Sorry if that's not a good enough reason for you, it's good enough for me. She expressed her wish that all of her possessions and money be donated to a	a	DET	transgender	NOUN	 transgender
Overall, Heliade's experiments had marginal appeal, and their critics (Eminescu included) contrasted them with Heliade's own tenets. Late in his life, Heliade seems to have acknowledged this, notably writing: " This language, as it is written today by people	people	NOUN	who	PRON	 who
The piece is written for full choir, organ, and a treble or soprano soloist who has many challenging and extended solo passages. As such, it is a particular favourite for choirboys in churches and cathedrals and has frequently been recorded as a treble solo. Mendelssohn	Mendelssohn	PROPN	's	PART	's
In March 2008, GMG Radio requested that Ofcom remove the 45 hour jazz commitment for its London and Manchester stations. The company planned to relaunch Jazz FM from the jazzfm.com service which broadcast on DAB in Glasgow, online and on a DAB multiplex in London. In	In	ADP	a	DET	 a
Third, they can produce a range of serious side effects, including weight gain, diabetes, fatigue, sexual dysfunction, hormonal changes, and a type of serious movement disorder known as tardive dyskinesia. Some of these side effects may continue long after the cessation of	of	ADP	drug	NOUN	 drug
A documentary film, titled His Name Was Jason: 30 Years of Friday the 13th, was released in February 2009. This film was directed by Daniel Farrands, who had also written the film Halloween: The Curse of Michael Myers as well as a documentary on	on	ADP	The	DET	 The
" Morrison's next album, Beautiful Vision, released in 1982, had him returning once again to the music of his Northern Irish roots. Well received by the critics and public, it produced a minor UK hit single, " Cleaning Windows ", that referenced	referenced	VERB	one	NUM	 one
Similarly, the Constitution Act 1986 reformed the constitution of New Zealand to sever its constitutional link with Britain, and the Australia Act 1986 severed the constitutional link between Britain and the Australian states. In 1984, Brunei, Britain's last remaining Asian protectorate, gained its	its	PRON	independence	NOUN	 independence
Editors of About.com ranked him No. 4 on their list of the Top 50 MCs of Our Time (1987 – 2007). In 2012, The Source ranked him No. 3 on their list of the Top 50 Lyrical Leaders of all time. Rolling Stone	Stone	PROPN	has	AUX	 has
In the House of Commons which is the lower house of the British Parliament based at the Palace of Westminster, there are 532 Members of Parliament (MPs) for constituencies in England, out of the 650 total. In the United Kingdom general election, 2015,	,	PUNCT	the	DET	 the
The Americans lost about 250 killed in the operation while the Japanese suffered around 3,000 killed – about 12 to 1 in the Americans ' favor. On 14 January, a Tokyo Express run delivered a battalion of troops to act as a rear guard for the Ke evacuation	evacuation	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
The majority of Redemption was filmed on location outside Cape Town, South Africa since it was difficult to mimic an authentic African scenery in America. Two versions of the film were released to DVD, the original broadcast version and an extended directors cut. The original airing	airing	NOUN	was	AUX	 was
It was used at the old Eglinton Estate, which had been commandeered by the army, to provide its army operators with the necessary experience. It was hauled by a powerful Foden Trucks tractor, possibly via a pulley and cable system. The field fortifications constructed throughout	throughout	ADP	Britain	PROPN	 Britain
Planning then began for the invasion of Europe, and even early plans for Overlord called for the commitment of airborne forces to support the ground forces and protect their landing areas. Operation Skyscraper, for example, called for the deployment of two airborne divisions to land near	near	ADP	Caen	PROPN	 Caen
To predict if the production of mendelevium would be possible, the team made use of a rough calculation. The number of atoms that would be produced would be approximately equal to the product of the number of atoms of target material, the target's cross section,	,	PUNCT	the	DET	 the
Haakon attempted to intercept Magnus by travelling south to Viken by land (over the mountains of Dovrefjell), but he died unexpectedly while hunting in February 1095. The strongman behind Haakon's monarchy had been his foster father Tore Tordsson (" Steigar Tore "),	,	PUNCT	who	PRON	 who
" The film was released on July 21. Also in 2001, Harisu published her autobiography, Eve from Adam, and appeared in a music video for dance group Turbo. In September, she entered the K pop music scene with her debut album, Temptation,	,	PUNCT	a	DET	 a
The work acknowledges Tippett's past with quotations from The Midsummer Marriage. Tippett described the longest and most ambitious of his late works, the oratorio The Mask of Time (1982), as " a pageant of sorts with an ultimately lofty message ". Mellers called	called	VERB	the	DET	 the
Their son, Troy O'Donovan Garity, was born on July 7, 1973 in Los Angeles and was given his paternal grandmother's maiden name, as the names " Fonda and Hayden carried too much baggage ". Fonda and Hayden wanted to give their son a name	name	NOUN	that	PRON	 that
By the next night, the German ships had withdrawn, and the squadron returned to Rosyth. On 11 April, the British fleet was again deployed on the intelligence that a German force was planning an operation. The Germans intended to lay mines at the Swarte Bank	Bank	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
The 35 year old Sir Edward Howard was appointed Lord High Admiral in April and chose the Mary Rose as his flagship. His first mission was to clear the seas of French naval forces between England to the northern coast of Spain to allow for the landing of supporting	supporting	VERB	troops	NOUN	 troops
The band members grew uncomfortable with their success, with much of the burden of Pearl Jam's popularity falling on frontman Vedder. While Pearl Jam received four awards at the 1993 MTV Video Music Awards for its video for " Jeremy ", including Video of the Year	Year	PROPN	and	CCONJ	 and
In 1988, TAPS was delivering 25 percent of all U.S. oil production. As North Slope oil production declined, so did TAPS ' share of U.S. production. Today, TAPS provides less than 17 percent of U.S. oil production. The pipeline attracts tens of thousands of	of	ADP	visitors	NOUN	 visitors
Jonathan Gray, author of the book Watching The Simpsons, feels that Lisa " is probably the best and certainly longest running feminist character that television has had. She's the heart of the show and she quite often questions the gender politics. " Christopher Borrelli of	of	ADP	The	DET	 The
Later studies showed squirrel monkeys were also vulnerable to infection. Chagas named the pathogenic parasite as Trypanosoma cruzi and later that year as Schizotrypanum cruzi, both honoring Oswaldo Cruz, the noted Brazilian physician and epidemiologist who successfully fought epidemics of yellow fever, smallpox, and bubonic	bubonic	VERB	plague	NOUN	 plague
As a post black artist, his mixed media work, such as his Spring 2008 exhibition The Dead Lecturer, plays on race while diminishing its significance by playing with contradictions, coded references and allusions (E.g., The New Negro Escapist Social and Athletic Club (Emmett	Emmett	PROPN	)	PUNCT	)
Only military expenditures were increased, by $140 million to an estimated $1 billion. Nasser also increased the price of beer, cigarettes, long distance bus and railroad fares and admission to movies. Egypt was losing $5,000,000 a week in revenues from the closing	closing	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
He returned against Yorkshire at Bramall Lane, Sheffield, making four as Australia batted first and scored 249. He then recorded the best innings analysis of his first class career, taking 7 / 81 from 40 consecutive overs, bemusing the Yorkshire spectators with his Australian accent	accent	NOUN	and	CCONJ	 and
HTC has reported further loss of revenue in the first and second quarter and they have also mentioned that they closed some of their manufacturing facilities due to the poor sales and outsourced some of their manufacturing. In June, the CEO of HTC, Cher Wang, confirmed	confirmed	VERB	that	SCONJ	 that
His older brothers were Christopher Lekapenos (co emperor 921 – 931) and Stephen Lekapenos (co emperor 924 945). It is unclear if Theophylact (Patriarch of Constantinople in 933 – 956) was his younger brother or slightly older than he was. His sisters	sisters	NOUN	included	VERB	 included
Six of these intensified into tropical storms, three less than the average of nine, of which only two attained tropical cyclone status, or half the average. There were 28 days in which there was storm or tropical cyclone activity, less than the average of 42	42	NUM	and	CCONJ	 and
An additional 28 aircraft were provided at the same time to replace aircraft donated by the people of Australia to Great Britain during the First World War. Australia's aircraft allotment consisted of: 35 × Avro 504 K trainers 35 × Royal Aircraft Factory S.E.5a fighters 30 ×	×	NOUN	Airco	PROPN	 Airco
Local guilds were called nagaram, while the Nanadesis were traders from neighbouring kingdoms who perhaps mixed business with pleasure. The wealthiest and most influential and celebrated of all South Indian merchant guilds was the self styled Ainnurruvar, also known as the 500 Svamis of Ayyavolepura (Brahmins	Brahmins	PROPN	and	CCONJ	 and
" The following year, Nichols played a member of a high school debate team in the independent film Debating Robert Lee (2004) and had a two episode role in the crime drama television series Line of Fire (2004), which was cancelled after 11 of	of	ADP	13	NUM	 13
Some stores and newsstands refused to carry the August issue, while others modestly concealed it in the wrapper evocative of porn magazines. The photo is not only considered one of Leibovitz's most famous, but also an almost mythical representation. It is considered emblematic of Si	Si	PROPN	Newhouse	PROPN	 Newhouse
Over 100 extras were present. Chaplin ’ s performance in the scene was so humorous that more people arrived daily to be an extra. In July and August, Chaplin finished up six weeks of smaller scenes, including the two scenes of the Tramp being harassed by	by	ADP	newsboys	NOUN	 newsboys
One role which was not given to a future regular was that of Major Boothroyd, the head of Q Branch, which was given to Peter Burton. Burton was unavailable for the subsequent film, From Russia with Love, and the role was taken by Desmond Llewelyn	Llewelyn	PROPN	.	PUNCT	.
He was known to have written " I had made it a law to myself that no alcohol should pass the mountains in my company ". When two of Thompson's trading partners tried to make him take two barrels of rum to Kootanae House, Thompson " placed	placed	VERB	the	DET	 the
Colonel Sun is the first James Bond continuation novel published after Ian Fleming's 1964 death. Before writing the novel, Amis wrote two other Bond related works, the literary study The James Bond Dossier and the humorous The Book of Bond. Colonel Sun centres on the	the	DET	fictional	ADJ	 fictional
The army's logistics corps is to provide logistic support and conduct direct, indirect, and depot level maintenance for the FAZ. But because of Zaire's lack of emphasis on maintenance and logistics, a lack of funding, and inadequate training, the corps is understaffed	understaffed	VERB	,	PUNCT	,
Catesby waited for Percy's return from the north, before making his decision. He thought the letter too vague to constitute any meaningful threat to the plan, and decided to forge ahead. As Fawkes made a final check on the gunpowder, other conspirators took up	up	ADP	their	PRON	 their
In Pakistani retaliation, 5 terrorists were killed. 22 April 2015 At least 35 militants were killed in aerial strikes in South Waziristan and Datta Khel area of North Waziristan, according to ISPR. 23 May 2015 Four Pakistani soldiers were killed and two others were injured in	in	ADP	Dattakhel	PROPN	 Dattakhel
The acquisition of TouchWave came at a time when multibillion dollar companies were acquiring other relatively small Internet connected companies, such as WebLine, Selsius, GeoTel, NBX, Dialogic, and Summa Four. Some employees from TouchWave eventually followed serial entrepreneur and former TouchWave president and	and	CCONJ	CEO	PROPN	 CEO
Competitive multiplayer was removed due to its lack of popularity in the previous series entries. In retrospect, Phillips said he wanted to remove more. The studio borrowed people from other parts of the company to finish the project. Writer Drew Holmes expressed the difficulty in determining	determining	VERB	what	PRON	 what
The V Division included the four König class battleships, and was by this time augmented with Bayern. The VI Division consisted of the five Kaiser class battleships. Along with nine light cruisers, 3 torpedo boat flotillas, and dozens of mine warfare ships, the entire	entire	ADJ	force	NOUN	 force
Montreal celebrated the 23rd Stanley Cup championship in their franchise history as the fans loudly chanted " thank you Flames, thank you Flames " in appreciation of their team's efforts. The Battle of Alberta dominated the Flames ' focus late in the season as they continued to	to	PART	struggle	VERB	 struggle
The alcohol fueled recording sessions became legendary. Every musician in L.A. wanted to participate, but soon Lennon's drinking and Spector's erratic behavior (which included his firing a gun in the studio control room) caused the sessions to break down. Then Spector, who	who	PRON	claimed	VERB	 claimed
A 160 foot (49 m) flight deck was built along its roof. Aircraft were flown off and, less successfully, landed on this deck. Although the aft turret was fitted and the gun trialled, it was not long before Furious returned to her builders	builders	NOUN	for	ADP	 for
This appointment meant that she had to give up the TUC Council chair; her decision to do so, immediately after becoming the first woman to achieve this honour, generated some criticism from other trade unionists. Bondfield later described her first months in government as " a	a	DET	strange	ADJ	 strange
They orbit each other every 21.7 days with an average separation of about 31 million kilometres, or 19 million miles, or 0.21 astronomical units (AU). This is smaller than the orbit of Mercury around the Sun. IK Pegasi B is the nearest known supernova	supernova	PROPN	progenitor	NOUN	 progenitor
Overall, the storm caused $26.5 million in damages and eight deaths. A tropical wave was first noted near St. Lucia at 0600 UTC on August 21, associated with squally weather, though there were little signs of any organization. However, in HURDAT – the	the	DET	official	ADJ	 official
At the end of the season, coach Henning said that Tolliver was to be the starter heading into next season, and that the team would not protect Vlasic under Plan B free agency, meaning he could sign with any interested team. As a result, he	he	PRON	began	VERB	 began
Distributions are a powerful instrument to solve differential equations. Since all standard analytic notions such as derivatives are linear, they extend naturally to the space of distributions. Therefore, the equation in question can be transferred to a distribution space, which is bigger than the underlying	underlying	ADJ	function	NOUN	 function
The marines approached the pass between the two hills and took positions in front of the North Korean held high ground. At 14: 30 approximately 300 North Korean infantry came from the village of Tugok and concealed positions, striking B Company on Hill 125 just north of	of	ADP	the	DET	 the
Limbang was taken on 18 June, and two days later the two detached companies rejoined the battalion. Subsequently, several engagements were fought with the Japanese during patrols in June and July, but these were mainly small scale; two members of the battalion were killed in	in	ADP	an	DET	 an
The A38 is also still a very important link to Taunton. Wellington is home to a public school, Wellington School. It was founded in 1837 as an all boys school. A solitary day girl was allowed to join the Sixth Form in 1972 and the following	following	ADJ	year	NOUN	 year
The barbettes of Furious were designed to accommodate either turret, in case problems arose with the 18 inch gun's development. The gun could depress to − 3° and elevate to a maximum of 30°. Ammunition development for the gun was naturally focused on anti	anti	ADJ	ship	NOUN	 ship
The earliest ones such as the Brihadaranyaka and Chandogya Upanishads date to the early centuries of the 1st millennium BCE, and the latest to around the mid 2nd millennium CE during a period of Islamic invasions and political instability. Various scholars include the earliest 10, 11,	,	PUNCT	12	NUM	 12
Ingimundr's rationale for seating himself upon an island on the edge of the kingdom may have been due to the fact that he was unable to gain any authority on Mann itself. In fact, the chronicle reveals that civil war erupted there the following year, and	and	CCONJ	the	DET	 the
During a fight at the beginning of the 19th century, one of the contestants was so badly injured that he died soon afterwards. The wrestling competitions had become shin kicking contests, with competitors wearing heavily nailed boots, sometimes with pointed tips. The poet and writer	writer	NOUN	Richard	PROPN	 Richard
(The latter came as a particularly harsh blow to the governor, for copies of those papers sent to St. Lucia with his wife for safeguarding were destroyed by fire.) When d'Estaing invited Macartney to dine with him, the governor apologised for his garb, noting	noting	VERB	that	SCONJ	 that
News stories detailing similar instances to the plot came out sometime after the episode's broadcast, and the producers believed it justified the episode. The ending was written to be melancholic, in which there were no winners. In writing the pre title sequence of the episode	episode	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
The kick soared through the uprights, and Clemson narrowed Virginia Tech's lead to 14 – 10 with 5: 45 remaining in the quarter. Kendrick returned Clemson's post score kickoff to the Tech 23 yard line. A two yard run by Suggs was followed by	by	ADP	a	DET	 a
So you see I've got to do something about it and at the same time strengthen the old financial position. " He went on: Sooner or later Excalibur will be published and I may have a chance to get some name recognition out of it so as	as	SCONJ	to	PART	 to
These items had all been sold within 18 months of the abandonment of the campground. The last sign of the campground's existence was its boardwalk, which eventually rotted away. The area where the Mountain Grove Campground used to be currently contains sump holes and scrub.	.	PUNCT	The	DET	 The
One of the more bizarre software products for the ZX81 came about as a result of music companies attempting to capitalise on the popularity of Sinclair's computers. In 1983, EMI released a single by Chris Sievey that had a ZX81 program recorded on the B side.	.	PUNCT	Island	PROPN	 Island
The British Army Remount Service, in an effort to improve the supply of horses for potential military use, provided the services of high quality stallions to British farmers for breeding their broodmares. The already rare Cleveland Bay was almost wiped out by the war; smaller members	members	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
The 48th Rescue Squadron at Davis Monthan, and the 58th Rescue Squadron at Nellis Air Force Base, Nevada, are " Guardian Angel " squadrons that train, equip and employ pararescuemen (commonly known as " PJs "), combat rescue officers, and supporting personnel	personnel	NOUN	worldwide	ADV	 worldwide
Other peripherals were released to add functionality. The Menacer is a wireless, infrared light gun peripheral used with compatible games. Other third parties created light gun peripherals for the Genesis, such as the American Laser Games Pistol and the Konami Justifier. Released for art creation	creation	NOUN	software	NOUN	 software
The planning for Steins; Gate was headed by Chiyomaru Shikura of 5pb. The characters were designed by Ryohei Fuke, also known as ' Huke ' (known as one of the illustrators of Metal Gear series, and the creator of Black Rock Shooter franchise) whereas	whereas	SCONJ	the	DET	 the
The 0.7 MP back camera can shoot 720p HD video at 30 frame / s and has a 5 × times digital zoom. Both shoot photo in a 4: 3 fullscreen aspect ratio. The rear camera shoots video in 16: 9 widescreen to match the 720p	720p	NOUN	standard	NOUN	 standard
Bach would later frequently use the bass as the voice of Christ, in his St Matthew Passion even with a similar string accompaniment. The response to the invitation is the individual prayer of the soprano, " Öffne dich, mein ganzes Herze " (Open, my	my	PRON	whole	ADJ	 whole
They do not occur in gallery forests, habitats disturbed by human settlement and swamp forests, but may occasionally use seasonally inundated areas. In the wet season, they visit rocky inselbergs that offer forage uncommon elsewhere. A study found that the population density of the okapi	okapi	NOUN	averaged	VERB	 averaged
Reviewers of FiringSquad and PC Gamer were equally overwhelmed by the stunning visual effects. Despite filling the screen with " winged, fully animated demons " and " multiple gigantic twisters spiraling gorgeously into the clouds ", Sacrifice performed smoothly on the reviewers ' machines, impressing the	the	DET	staff	NOUN	 staff
A serious incident involving hooliganism before, during and after a match against Millwall in 1985 caused the club's then chairman, Conservative MP David Evans, to introduce a scheme effective from the start of 1986 – 87 banning all visiting supporters from the ground, and requiring	requiring	VERB	home	NOUN	 home
On 24 February 2010, Rajab addressed the " World Congress against the Death Penalty " conference in Geneva on the subject of " Migrant Workers and the Death Penalty in Bahrain & Saudi Arabia ". He drew attention to the exceptional vulnerability of migrant workers in countries with	with	ADP	systemic	ADJ	 systemic
In March 1900 the 12 centimeter chase guns were superseded by two QF 15 centimetre (5.9 in) guns and the former chase guns were shifted to make room for them. The final change to Fusō's armament was made in July 1906 when her obsolete 24 centimeter	centimeter	NOUN	guns	NOUN	 guns
Gehrig, Lazzeri, Ruth and Earle Combs led the offense, while Pennock and Urban Shocker led the starting rotation with 42 wins between them. In early September 1926, thousands of Cleveland fans, confident that their Indians would win the pennant even when they trailed the	the	DET	Yanks	PROPN	 Yanks
Eminem admits to lying about promises he makes and says late in the song, " If she ever tries to fuckin ' leave again, I'm a tie her to the bed and set this house on fire ", a reference to Rihanna's lyrics. On	On	ADP	May	PROPN	 May
Historically part of the West Riding of Yorkshire, its name derives from the River Sheaf, which runs through the city. With some of its southern suburbs annexed from Derbyshire, the city has grown from its largely industrial roots to encompass a wider economic base. The	The	DET	population	NOUN	 population
As there seems no possibility of my remaining many hours in this world, I beg leave to recommend to the consideration of the Admiralty a sister who if my conduct or service should be found deserving any memory their favour might be shown to her together with a widowed	widowed	VERB	mother	NOUN	 mother
Hunte recalls, " We were just so happy he wanted to honor our work and our production. Two female producers / writers, and for him as a rapper to take our song — that's not a combination you see a lot. For him to be	be	AUX	so	ADV	 so
He is the first Canadian to be awarded this medal. On July 11, 2011, Harper was honoured by Alberta's Blood tribe. He was made honorary chief of the Kainai Nation during a ceremony, in which they recognized him for making an official apology on	on	ADP	behalf	NOUN	 behalf
Hence, Manitoba's government is not completely bilingual. The Manitoba French Language Services Policy of 1999 is intended to provide a comparable level of provincial government services in both official languages. According to the 2006 Census, 82.8 percent of Manitoba's population spoke only English,	,	PUNCT	3.2	NUM	 3.2
He aimed to make Darwin the " main Australian base for war " and a launching point for deployments to Southeast Asia, rather than simply a transit station. Over the next ten years, No. 5 Airfield Construction Squadron transformed the base's runways, buildings and	and	CCONJ	other	ADJ	 other
At his death in 1887, the institution had grown from a student body of 60 pupils in 1874 to 130. Among his other reforms, Covell undertook to modernize the facilities of the West Virginia Schools for the Deaf and Blind by urging the state to install gas	gas	NOUN	lighting	NOUN	 lighting
Before the airing of this episode, NBC unveiled its 2010 – 11 primetime schedule in May 2010 with the network moving the program from the 9: 30 p.m. time to the 8: 30 p.m. timeslot. According to the Nielsen Media Research, this episode of 30	30	NUM	Rock	PROPN	 Rock
In 1994, Jackson said of the media coverage, " I will say I am particularly upset by the handling of the matter by the incredible, terrible mass media. At every opportunity, the media has dissected and manipulated these allegations to reach their own conclusions.	.	PUNCT	"	PUNCT	 "
She made a return to SmackDown!, singing a parody of Michaels ' theme song with Angle. She was inducted into the WWE Hall of Fame by Ted DiBiase in April 2006. Later that year, she worked for TNA Wrestling, taping a backstage vignette trying	trying	VERB	to	PART	 to
Wambach attended Our Lady of Mercy High School in Rochester from 1994 to 1998, where she lettered in soccer and basketball. During her high school career, she scored 142 goals, including 34 in 1997 alone. Mercy's soccer coach, Kathy Boughton, recalled that	that	SCONJ	Wambach	PROPN	 Wambach
A five part web series titled Agents of S.H.I.E.L.D.: Double Agent, also sponsored by Lexus, was released from March 4 to May 6, 2015 on ABC.com. The web series follows a newly hired Agents of S.H.I.E.L.D. production assistant, who acts as a double agent	agent	NOUN	for	ADP	 for
The Governor of New Jersey is Chris Christie (R, Mendham Township). The Lieutenant Governor of New Jersey is Kim Guadagno (R, Monmouth Beach). Essex County is governed by a directly elected County Executive, with legislative functions performed by the Board of	of	ADP	Chosen	PROPN	 Chosen
It also serves as the International Federation for nine sports (Paralympic athletics, Paralympic swimming, Paralympic shooting, Paralympic powerlifting, Para alpine skiing, Paralympic biathlon, Paralympic cross country skiing, ice sledge hockey and Wheelchair DanceSport). This requires the IPC to supervise and	and	CCONJ	coordinate	VERB	 coordinate
These economic and cultural differences caused tension between Buenos Aires and the land locked regions of the country. Despite his Unitarian sympathies, Sarmiento himself came from the provinces, a native of the Western town of San Juan. Argentina's divisions led to a civil war that	that	PRON	began	VERB	 began
When the Congress leadership was released from prison in June 1945, they repudiated the agreement and censured Desai for acting without proper authority. Field Marshal Viscount Wavell succeeded Linlithgow as Viceroy in 1943. In June 1945, following the release of the Congress leaders, Wavell called	called	VERB	for	ADP	 for
Included were eight B 17s of the 2d Bombardment Group. All were assigned as the " Blue Force " defending New England from the " Black Force ", an attacking aircraft carrier fleet. The Navy, involved in fleet exercises off the West Coast, did not	not	PART	provide	VERB	 provide
They argued they were best suited for the commerce raiding that had been the forte of the U boats. They therefore redesigned their new boats along German lines, and added the new requirement that they be capable of sailing alone for 7,500 miles on a 75 day mission	mission	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
Each 12 inch gun was provided with 80 rounds, normally loaded at an elevation of + 5°, although they could be loaded at any angle up to + 13°. The guns had an elevation range of -5° to + 25°. Their secondary	secondary	ADJ	armament	NOUN	 armament
Chancery Lane and Marble Arch stations were also rebuilt to receive escalators in the early 1930s. On 5 November 1923 new stations were opened on the Ealing extension at North Acton and West Acton. They were built to serve residential and industrial developments around Park Royal and,	,	PUNCT	like	ADP	 like
Somerset were captained for the third successive season by their Australian overseas player, Justin Langer, who announced during the season that it would be his last with Somerset. Marcus Trescothick topped the national batting tables, scoring almost 3,000 runs in all competitions in 2009; as	as	ADP	a	DET	 a
It was first broadcast on the Fox network in the United States on October 3, 1999. After the season 5 episode " Bart's Inner Child ", Meyer got " a little burned out on writing scripts ", so he wrote " Brother's Little Helper	Helper	NOUN	"	PUNCT	 "
While the fantasy land of Narnia is an alternate universe and the Lord of the Rings ' Middle earth a mythic past, the wizarding world of Harry Potter exists in parallel within the real world and contains magical versions of the ordinary elements of everyday life, with the	the	DET	action	NOUN	 action
Munroe engaged in wrecking in the waters around Key Biscayne, built sailboats, worked as a pilot for the Cape Florida Channel and opened a pineapple cannery, to which Davis sent his pineapples. Before mail service to the Miami area improved, Munroe would camp out on	on	ADP	Key	PROPN	 Key
They found that a significant psychological and social disadvantage was given to black children from the nature of segregation itself, drawing on research conducted by Kenneth Clark assisted by June Shagaloff. This aspect was vital because the question was not whether the schools were " equal ",	,	PUNCT	which	PRON	 which
A track from the game is on the limited edition CD Zuntata History L ' ab normal 1st, released by Zuntata / Taito on April 1, 1999. In 1992, Ocean Software ported the game to home gaming systems, including the Amiga, Atari ST,	,	PUNCT	Commodore	PROPN	 Commodore
Pembroke lodged his prisoner in Deddington in Oxfordshire. On 10 June, while Pembroke was away, Warwick forcibly carried away Gaveston to Warwick Castle. Here, in the presence of Warwick, Lancaster and other magnates, Gaveston was sentenced to death at an improvised court.	.	PUNCT	On	ADP	 On
Some months after Spath had been cleared, he decided to retire from law enforcement. The incident was an international news event that brought Reverend Al Sharpton and Jesse Jackson to the community and inspired the 1995 book Color Lines: The Troubled Dreams of Racial Harmony in an	an	DET	American	PROPN	 American
A plan for 3,000 homes north of the town has been accepted by the British Government after an appeal by Bee Bee Developments. The plan was first refused by Wellingborough Borough Council. As a result, plans have been made for a major urban extension in the town	town	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
The Ottawas were the dominant team for three years: The end of the streak came in March 1906. Ottawa and the Montreal Wanderers tied for the ECAHA league lead in 1906, forcing a playoff series for the league championship and the Cup. Montreal won the first	first	ADJ	game	NOUN	 game
Dixon goes to journalism class, where he meets Navid Shirazi (Michael Steger), while Annie goes to her first class taught by Ryan Matthews (Ryan Eggold). Matthews asks popular student, Naomi Clark (AnnaLynne McCord), to show Annie around the school	school	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
His " Forceball " attack creates an energy ball from his hands, while his " Acid Spit " attack produces a higher, faster projectile. Reptile can slide towards the opponent, or turn invisible for a brief period of time or until hit. Later titles in	in	ADP	the	DET	 the
NGC 3003, a SBbc barred spiral galaxy with an apparent magnitude of 12.3 and an angular size of 5.8 arcminutes, is seen almost edge on. NGC 3344, 25 million light years distant, is face on towards Earth. Measuring 7.1 by 6.5 arcminutes in size	size	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
The shipping company Fred Olsen suspended services linking the islands of Tenerife and La Palma and La Gomera. On the island of El Hierro the exposed road to Sabinosa Health Center was closed as a precaution. Delta caused considerable damage in the Canary Islands. The storm claimed	claimed	VERB	nineteen	NUM	 nineteen
Access is through a series of steps that depict carvings of dwarfish ganas (with bovine and equine heads) in different postures. The verandah, with an inner measurement of 70 feet (21 m) by 65 feet (20 m), has four columns sculpted	sculpted	VERB	with	ADP	 with
The city's other main parks are Mapleton Park in the city's north end, Irishtown Nature Park (one of the largest urban nature parks in Canada) and St. Anselme Park (located in Dieppe). The numerous neighbourhood parks throughout the metro Moncton area include	include	VERB	Bore	PROPN	 Bore
A one day strike and sleep in were planned, but never took place. A peaceful protest, which attracted about 3,500 demonstrators, was held in Copenhagen on 14 October 2005. Having received petitions from Danish imams, eleven ambassadors from Muslim majority countries — Turkey,	,	PUNCT	Saudi	PROPN	 Saudi
" The brothers shared the same distinctive golden red hair, and the two were so close that they told a reporter in 1947 that a girl had to receive " the Bumper stamp of approval " before passing Pete's test. After being discharged from the Marine Corps	Corps	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
First class passenger Annie Stengel broke several ribs when an overweight German American doctor and his brother jumped into No. 5, squashing her and knocking her unconscious. The lifeboats ' descent was likewise risky. No. 6 was nearly flooded during the descent by water discharging	discharging	VERB	out	ADP	 out
The player begins the game by selecting their character, which can be a man or a woman, along with their name. Gameplay is divided up between several modes of play. " Episode Mode " involves the player playing through the game's main storyline, completing	completing	VERB	various	ADJ	 various
Several NSAIDs, including diclofenac and ibuprofen have evidence to support their use. Aspirin can relieve moderate to severe migraine pain, with an effectiveness similar to sumatriptan. Ketorolac is available in an intravenous formulation. Paracetamol (also known as acetaminophen), either alone or in	in	ADP	combination	NOUN	 combination
Asbarez wrote that the transfer was initiated by Armenia's Prime Minister Vazgen Sargsyan. Andranik's body was moved to Armenia on 17 February 2000. It was placed in the Sport & Concert Complex in Yerevan for two days and was then taken to Etchmiadzin Cathedral, where	where	SCONJ	Karekin	PROPN	 Karekin
With the backing of the Domestic of the Schools, Niketas Triphyllios, Aetios accused Staurakios to Irene of planning to usurp the throne. Irene held a council at the Palace of Hieria, where her powerful minister was rebuked but got off with an apology. Staurakios now	now	ADV	began	VERB	 began
In 1927 – 29, Harlow Shapley and Helen Sawyer began categorizing clusters according to the degree of concentration the system has toward the core. The most concentrated clusters were identified as Class I, with successively diminishing concentrations ranging to Class XII. This became known as the	the	DET	Shapley	PROPN	 Shapley
They were designed in response to the battleships being built by Germany. Only four hulls of the sixteen originally planned had been laid down by 1940, when the decision was made to cut the program to only three ships to divert resources to an expanded army rearmament program	program	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
It was about 6.5 metres (21.3 ft) long and 465 kilograms (1,025 lb) in weight, making it one of the largest theropods of its time. Individuals of this species may have grown even larger, because the only known specimen probably represents a sub	sub	NOUN	adult	NOUN	 adult
He scored his first NHL goal and recorded his first assist in his twelfth game on January 17, 2009, against Pekka Rinne of the Nashville Predators. Bogosian finished his first professional season with 19 points in 47 NHL games and 1 goal in 5 AHL games as	as	SCONJ	the	DET	 the
In general, the gameplay was favourably reviewed, with critics praising the solid, enjoyable missions, though there were complaints regarding a poor control system and unfairly high levels of difficulty. The game is set in 2097, according to the introductory sequence. This sequence also	also	ADV	provides	VERB	 provides
' " Dennis Hunt of the Los Angeles Times cited " Git Up, Git Out " as the album's highlight and commended the duo's " sauntering, hard core tales of the ' hood ", writing that they " bristle with clever humor and sharp insights	insights	NOUN	rather	ADV	 rather
During the 2014 offseason, Olshey signed center Chris Kaman and two time former Blazer guard Steve Blake to bolster the bench. Expectations by sportswriters and analysts were high for the Trail Blazers going into the 2015 NBA season given their surprise success in 2013 – 14. The	The	DET	Blazers	PROPN	 Blazers
The castle consists of three enclosures separated by dry moats, with a keep in the inner enclosure. Château Gaillard was captured in 1204 by the French king, Philip II, after a lengthy siege. In the mid 14th century, the castle was the residence of	of	ADP	the	DET	 the
Robert commissioned significant building work at Jumièges and was probably involved in the first Romanesque building in England, the church built in Westminster for Edward the Confessor, now known as Westminster Abbey. Robert's treatment by the English was used by William the Conqueror as one of	of	ADP	the	DET	 the
At this point, DE 1 becomes concurrent with US 9, and the two routes run through woods before curving west past businesses. In Five Points, US 9 splits from DE 1 by heading west concurrent with DE 404, with access to the northern termini of	of	ADP	DE	PROPN	 DE
Three Labyrinthodon models were made for Crystal Palace, based on Owen's guess that, being amphibian in lifestyle, the Triassic animals might have resembled frogs; he named them Batrachia, from the Greek ' Batrachios ', frog. One is smooth skinned and is based	based	VERB	on	ADP	 on
Headley's success for Dudley was watched keenly in Jamaica and commentators began to discuss his availability for the 1954 series against England. A public subscription to finance his travel to Jamaica, opened by the Daily Gleaner, raised over £1,000, and despite his reservations,	,	PUNCT	Headley	PROPN	 Headley
As an undergraduate, Spedding took issue with the prevailing explanation by Friedrich August Kekulé of how the six carbon atoms in benzene hold together and proposed an alternate explanation. His professor, Moses Gomberg, recognised this as being the same as the (incorrect) model advanced	advanced	VERB	by	ADP	 by
Abdi İpekçi Street in Nişantaşı and Bağdat Avenue on the Anatolian side of the city have evolved into high end shopping districts. Istanbul is famous for its historic seafood restaurants. Many of the city's most popular and upscale seafood restaurants line the shores of the Bosphorus (	(	PUNCT	particularly	ADV	particularly
Sagan was first to the summit with Vanmarcke; Cancellara was twelve seconds behind. Cancellara was then caught by Niki Terpstra, Erviti and Claeys. On the final climb, the Paterberg, Sagan rode away from Vanmarcke, who was caught by Cancellara at the top of	of	ADP	the	DET	 the
On May 12, 2009, Triano was given a three year term for the position of head coach. The inevitable roster shakeup for the 2009 – 10 season began when Kapono was traded to the Philadelphia 76ers for the aggressive veteran forward Reggie Evans. Toronto then drafted	drafted	VERB	DeMar	PROPN	 DeMar
The archaeological site of Shikmona is southwest of Bat Galim. Mount Carmel and the Kishon River are also mentioned in the Bible. A grotto on the top of Mount Carmel is known as the " Cave of Elijah ", traditionally linked to the Prophet Elijah and his	his	PRON	apprentice	NOUN	 apprentice
Doping problems have also been associated with sprinters such as Tyson Gay, Michael Rogers, and Justin Gatlin, all from the United States. Doping has also affected entire nations, such as Russia, which has been banned from competing at both the Indoor World Championships and	and	CCONJ	the	DET	 the
He became the first Yorkshire player to achieve the double of 2,000 runs and 100 wickets, a feat previously achieved only by the Gloucestershire trio of W. G. Grace, Charlie Townsend and Gilbert Jessop. Most of his eight centuries were either against the strongest counties or in	in	ADP	adverse	ADJ	 adverse
Some Christians interpret this as a prediction that Jesus Christ, as a descendant of David, was promised by God as the salvation for all people. Newton's sermon on that January day in 1773 focused on the necessity to express one's gratefulness for God's guidance	guidance	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
We are blowing up everything. Vive la France! " That night the garrison made a breakout attempt, in the Camarón tradition. While some of the main body managed to break out, none succeeded in escaping the valley. However at " Isabelle ", a	a	DET	similar	ADJ	 similar
Around 1160, Chesney became embroiled in a dispute with St Albans Abbey in the diocese of Lincoln, over his right as bishop to supervise the abbey. The dispute was eventually settled when the abbey granted Chesney land in return for his relinquishing any right to oversee St	St	PROPN	Albans	PROPN	 Albans
Given intelligence that the militia had been stockpiling weapons at Concord, Massachusetts, he ordered a troop of regulars to march there on the night of 18 April to confiscate them. A brief skirmish in Lexington scattered colonial militia forces gathered there, but in a later standoff	standoff	NOUN	in	ADP	 in
He was in Hawaii awaiting orders as a replacement pilot when the war ended. Williams returned to the States in December and was discharged from the Marines on January 28, 1946. On May 2, 1952, Williams was recalled to active duty due to the Korean	Korean	PROPN	War	PROPN	 War
The great tit was formerly treated as ranging from Britain to Japan and south to the islands of Indonesia, with 36 described subspecies ascribed to four main species groups. The major group had 13 subspecies across Europe, temperate Asia and north Africa, the minor group's	's	PART	nine	NUM	 nine
He applied. In 2000, the Social Security Administration's Office of Central Operations, Baltimore, Maryland in this one sentence letter said, " We are writing to tell you that you do not qualify for retirement benefits. " Koval described his 57 years of post	post	NOUN	spy	NOUN	 spy
From this A flat major interlude – an evasion of the opening material's harmonic goal, the main generative thematic material for the entire sonata will arise. In this way, what had initially appeared to be a mere note to note plagiarism of Beethoven has eventually given	given	VERB	way	NOUN	 way
Portland stone, famous for its use in British and world architecture, including St Paul's Cathedral and the United Nations Headquarters, continues to be quarried. Portland Harbour, in between Portland and Weymouth, is one of the largest man made harbours in the world.	.	PUNCT	The	DET	 The
This was particularly important for the emerging industrial centers, most of which were located in the Rhineland, the Saar, and the Ruhr valleys. By the early 19th century, German roads had deteriorated to an appalling extent. Travelers, both foreign and local, complained	complained	VERB	bitterly	ADV	 bitterly
Alternative credit music replaced the typical drum beats and theme tune at the end of the episode. The 1931 song used instead of the usual theme was " Guilty " by Al Bowlly. Ben Summerskill from The Observer has suggested that Dot's part in the euthanasia storyline	storyline	PROPN	was	AUX	 was
Telopea oreades flowers around a month earlier than T. mongaensis in areas where both are present. The Gippsland waratah was first formally described by the Victorian Government Botanist Ferdinand von Mueller in 1861 in Fragmenta Phytographiae Australiae. The type material was collected in rugged mountainous country around Nungatta	Nungatta	PROPN	Creek	PROPN	 Creek
Providing dental treatment to individuals who use methamphetamine can also be dangerous, because the potential combination of local anesthetic and methamphetamine can cause serious heart problems. There is also an increased risk of serious side effects if opioid medications are used in the patient's treatment. Treatment	Treatment	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
He said the writing team felt the television audience was ready for a " trans genre form ", because much of the audience grew up with Lethal Weapon, Star Trek, and The Wild Wild West. Researchers Lynnette Porter and Barry Porter acknowledge the writer's familiarity	familiarity	NOUN	with	ADP	 with
For example, Sinuhe is found on five papyri composed during the Twelfth and Thirteenth dynasties. This text was later copied numerous times on ostraca during the Nineteenth and Twentieth dynasties, with one ostraca containing the complete text on both sides. The Middle Kingdom genre of "	"	PUNCT	prophetic	ADJ	 prophetic
Architects including Thom Weeks and Jennifer Stanley led renovations of the Stanley into a live theatre. Weeks was initially disappointed with the state of the pre renovated theatre, which looked " pretty tired " with its aged orange walls and sticky, soft drink stained carpets. However	However	ADV	,	PUNCT	,
Gregory's philosophical writings were influenced by Origen. Since the mid twentieth century, there has been a significant increase in interest in Gregory's works from the academic community, particularly involving universal salvation, which has resulted in challenges to many traditional interpretations of his theology.	.	PUNCT	In	ADP	 In
Camilla Belle as Crystal Falls, Dean's rebellious classmate. Unlike her friends, she feels sympathy for Dean and is reluctant to partake in the plans to kidnap his brother. Justin Chatwin as Billy, a drug dealer at Dean's high school who was formerly supplied	supplied	VERB	by	ADP	 by
The series was played between October 27 and November 1, with the Royals winning the series 4 games to 1. It was the first time since the 2010 World Series that the World Series extended into November. The Royals became the first team since the Oakland Athletics	Athletics	PROPN	in	ADP	 in
The Recording Industry Association of New Zealand (RIANZ) certified " Never Say Never " gold on June 5, 2011, denoting the sale of 7,500 copies. On the Norwegian Singles Chart, the song debuted at eighteen, and spent one week on the chart.	.	PUNCT	Debuting	VERB	 Debuting
Moore formally purchased the site in 1826 and named the property Canberry, or Canberra, although he never visited it. His 4 km2 (1.5 sq mi) claim covered much of the future North Canberra. Adjacent to the eastern boundary on Moore's claim was the	the	DET	settlement	NOUN	 settlement
There he established the Mutual Newspaper Publishing Company and the weekly Saturday Blade, which catered to a rural audience and was distributed by thousands of newspaper boys. With his novel employment of newsboys to boost newspaper sales, Boyce's namesake publishing company maintained a circulation of 500,000	500,000	NUM	copies	NOUN	 copies
Steam for the engines was provided by 16 Belleville boilers and they were rated at a total of 8,300 metric horsepower (6,100 kW) using forced draft. Amiral Charner had a designed speed of 19 knots (35 km / h; 22 mph) and carried up	up	ADP	to	PART	 to
After being decommissioned, Fort Manoel was abandoned and fell into a state of disrepair. Parts of it were also vandalized. In 1970, the Royal Malta Yacht Club acquired part of the fort as its club house, and the yacht club remained there until it acquired	acquired	VERB	new	ADJ	 new
John was in favour of Catholic Emancipation, opposed to slavery, the New Poor Law and the Game Laws. Like Wellington, he was in favour of repealing the Corn Laws. He passionately opposed electoral reform, however, and any attempts to disestablish the Church of	of	ADP	England	PROPN	 England
It premiered on the Fox network on May 15, 1998. The episode was written by Glen Morgan and James Wong, and directed by Thomas J. Wright. " The Time Is Now " featured guest appearances by Kristen Cloke and Glenn Morshower. In this episode,	,	PUNCT	Millennium	PROPN	 Millennium
NME magazine's Dan Silver criticized the band's approach, calling it the " sound of a band trying and failing to forge a new identity ", and referring to the song " Hands Held High ", a song about terrorist attacks and war, as "	"	PUNCT	far	ADV	 far
He then entered into a short feud with Batista, defeating him by countout in their second match, but losing via pinfall in the third. Kennedy helped The McMahons (Vince and Shane) in their feud with D Generation X (DX), appearing at both	both	DET	SummerSlam	PROPN	 SummerSlam
Excess floodwater collapsed walls and covered roads with mud that reached as much as 2.3 ft (0.70 m). Nearly 150 homes were inundated with 13 ft (4.0 m) of water. The flooding is also responsible for causing strong current that had swept away parked	parked	VERB	vehicles	NOUN	 vehicles
Rather than computing or rendering lightmaps during map creation and saving that information in the map data, most light sources are computed in real time. This allows lights to cast shadows even on non static objects such as monsters and machinery, which was impossible with static non	non	ADJ	directional	ADJ	 directional
However, Zhang Guangda has used excavated texts from Gaochang (Karakhoja or Turfan) to show that the Tang abandoned the attempt to move the headquarters of the Protectorate of the Pacified West to Kucha after Guo Xiaoke's assassination. Instead the headquarters returned to Gaochang until 658	658	NUM	,	PUNCT	,
She had 14 foals; collectively, they started 230 times on the racetrack, winning 52 races and earning $262,042 (approximately $1.97 million as of 2016) in races. Two of her foals won Superior Race Horse Awards: Cuter Yet, and Mr Walt	Walt	PROPN	.	PUNCT	.
He was called up on 1 October 1906 and joined the 1st Telegraph Battalion. He suffered a minor horse riding accident in December and was discharged as unfit for duty. He took up an assistantship at the Physikalische Verein in Frankfurt in 1907, but did not enjoy	enjoy	VERB	it	PRON	 it
Inside the memorabilia community, there was speculation that the card had been cut from a printing sheet during the deal made with Mastro. Mastro has told colleagues in the memorabilia circuit that he purchased the card from a printer, which was not Ray's profession. Ray	Ray	PROPN	personally	ADV	 personally
The airline commenced services to Phuket, Thailand, as well as six secondary cities in mainland China on regular charter basis in 1986. In 1987, the airline became the first Hong Kong based airline to join as an active member of the International Air Transport Association (	(	PUNCT	IATA	PROPN	IATA
Lindsey Weber from Vulture stated that the clip was concerned with the town only. Jody Rosen from Rolling Stone described the clip as " glamorously down at heel, a bit poverty porn y for my taste " with many " moody shots ". He described the singer	singer	NOUN	's	PART	's
This is also consistent with other NCAA institutions (including all other Big Ten Conference teams except for the University of Michigan) with on campus stadiums. No Big Ten stadiums serve alcohol in their general seating. In May 2009, the state legislature passed a law that	that	PRON	states	VERB	 states
He took 1 / 19 from seven overs in an Indian win. In 1996 – 97, Harbhajan was promoted to the Punjab Under 19s and he took 15 wickets at 20.20 in three matches, although he managed only two runs with the bat. This included match	match	NOUN	figures	NOUN	 figures
The number of sharks per group differs from year to year. Each day, the sharks begin arriving at the aggregation area at 09: 00, reaching a peak in numbers during the hottest part of the day in the afternoon, and dispersing by 19: 00	00	PUNCT	.	PUNCT	.
They define the narrative structure as built around a pattern of dialog and description, and various concepts related to narrative; these include time within a work, narrative points of view and voices, major types, plot, devices, and pacing. This is followed by	by	ADP	a	DET	 a
Daniels garnered 20 percent of the African American vote and 37 percent of Latinos in his 2008 re election campaign. He won with more votes than any candidate in the state's history. On July 14, 2010 at the Indianapolis Museum of Art, Daniels was on	on	ADP	hand	NOUN	 hand
Before the current routing was established, FM 1957 was also the designation for a highway in Borden County from 1951 to 1954, now part of FM 1610. FM 1957 begins at FM 471 near Rio Medina, as a two lane country road. It then traverses	traverses	VERB	mostly	ADV	 mostly
In the meantime, tensions escalated into overt war when the Yugoslav People's Army (JNA) and various Serb paramilitary groups attacked Croatia. By the end of 1991, a high intensity conflict fought along a wide front reduced Croatia to control of only about two thirds	thirds	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
Its compounds burn with a blue or violet colour. Caesium forms alloys with the other alkali metals, as well as with gold, and amalgams with mercury. At temperatures below 650° C (1,202° F), it does not alloy with cobalt, iron	iron	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
Bahrain is a generally flat and arid archipelago in the Persian Gulf, east of Saudi Arabia. It consists of a low desert plain rising gently to a low central escarpment with the highest point the 134 m (440 ft) Mountain of Smoke (Jabal ad Dukhan	Dukhan	PROPN	)	PUNCT	)
Morris was also a National Association of Basketball Coaches (NABC) Division I District 7 All ‐ District second team choice. Since the Big Ten Conference is its own district, this is equivalent to being named second team All Big Ten by the NABC. Following the	the	DET	season	NOUN	 season
However, the track was instead used by Madonna for her debut album, which she planned to call Lucky Star. She believed that " Lucky Star " song, along with " Borderline ", were the perfect foundation for her album. But problems arose after recording	recording	VERB	the	DET	 the
This makes a Portia vulnerable to much larger predators such as birds, frogs and mantises, which a Portia often can not identify because of the other predator's size. Spiders, like other arthropods, have sensors, often modified setae (bristles), for smell	smell	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
Although he reportedly showed skill, he did not continue the hobby as his mother disapproved. He also showed a propensity for traditional literary forms such as pantun (a form of poetry) and was fond of creating his own. When Sierk Coolsma opened a missionary school	school	NOUN	in	ADP	 in
In 1991, Carolco Pictures extended Golan ’ s option agreement with Marvel through May 1996, but in April 1992, Carolco ceased active production on Spider Man due to continued financial and legal problems. When James Cameron agreed to make Spider Man, Carolco lawyers simply used	used	VERB	his	PRON	 his
They would be barking up the wrong tree ". This sequence plays an important part in the gospel's literary narrative. The author of Mark's gospel has been described as operating here " at the peak of his rhetorical and theological powers ". One suggestion is	is	AUX	that	SCONJ	 that
Gabriel tells her that if he could just meet with the Emperor, he could inspire him to restore peace to the land using his gift of music (" Chosen "). Meanwhile, Daryus finds Arhys ' home and takes Xander captive. Daryus promises he will	will	AUX	guarantee	VERB	 guarantee
Located on Dimitrije Demeter Street in Gornji Grad, one of the oldest neighbourhoods of the Croatian capital Zagreb, it owns one of the biggest museum collections in Croatia, with over 2 million artefacts, including over 1.1 million animal specimens. It was founded in 1846 as	as	ADP	the	DET	 the
In late October 2009, Nomura revealed that he was currently designing the cover art for Birth by Sleep as well as editing the staff rolls due to there being three main characters in the game. He also revealed that they were editing the new opening movie for the	the	DET	game	NOUN	 game
" Sondheim acknowledged that, in adapting a musical to film, the plot has to be kept moving, and was sent MP3 files of his shortened songs by Mike Higham, the film's music producer, for approval. Several other songs were also cut, and	and	CCONJ	Sondheim	PROPN	 Sondheim
In addition, the huge numbers of newcomers were driving Native Americans out of their traditional hunting, fishing and food gathering areas. To protect their homes and livelihood, some Native Americans responded by attacking the miners. This provoked counter attacks on native villages. The Native	Native	PROPN	Americans	PROPN	 Americans
In September, the Bolsheviks gained a majority in the workers ' sections of both the Moscow and Petrograd Soviets. Recognising that the situation was safer for him, Lenin returned to Petrograd. There he attended a meeting of the Bolshevik Central Committee on 10 October, where	where	SCONJ	he	PRON	 he
Hamilton was invited to become an aide to William Alexander, Lord Stirling and one other general, perhaps Nathanael Greene or Alexander McDougall. He declined these invitations, believing his best chance for improving his station in life was glory on the battlefield. Hamilton eventually received an	an	DET	invitation	NOUN	 invitation
" Beyoncé first performed " Crazy in Love " with Jay Z on August 28, 2003, during the 2003 MTV Video Music Awards. She sang the song in a medley, with the pre recorded vocals of Sean Paul on " Baby Boy " (2003)	)	PUNCT	.	PUNCT	.
Hot Rod is the oldest such magazine, with first editor Wally Parks, and founded by Robert E. Petersen in 1948, with original publication by his Petersen Publishing Company. Hot Rod has licensed affiliation with Universal Technical Institute. The relative abundance and inexpensive nature of the	the	DET	Ford	PROPN	 Ford
Figure 6 shows a filter using disc flexural resonators and magnetostrictive transducers. The transducer drives the centre of the first resonator, causing it to vibrate. The edges of the disc move in antiphase to the centre when the driving signal is at, or close to,	,	PUNCT	resonance	NOUN	 resonance
Several hours later, Tingting passed through the central Mariana Islands, tracking near the small island of Sarigan, while continuing to intensify. At 0900 UTC, the typhoon reached its peak intensity with winds of 150 km / h (90 mph) according to both agencies	agencies	NOUN	and	CCONJ	 and
Cesare lacks any individuality and is simply a tool of his master; Barlow writes that he is so dependent on Caligari that he falls dead when he strays too far from the source of his sustenance, " like a machine that has run out of fuel ".	.	PUNCT	In	ADP	 In
After the start of the Second World War the family fled Paris; Döblin's manuscripts were able to be brought into safekeeping in the basement of the Sorbonne. Between the start of the war in 1939 and the German occupation of France in 1940, Döblin worked for	for	ADP	the	DET	 the
At the same time the non album single " John, I'm Only Dancing ", and " All the Young Dudes ", a song he wrote and produced for Mott the Hoople, were successful in the UK. The Ziggy Stardust Tour continued to the United	United	PROPN	States	PROPN	 States
When Como finally appeared, the director had no idea who he was. At the time Como was signed, movie musicals were on the wane and he became a studio contract player, where the actors or actresses worked only when the studio needed to fill out a	a	DET	schedule	NOUN	 schedule
Mulligan briefly talked to Fellowes after the lecture and asked him for advice on an acting career. However, Fellowes dissuaded her from the profession and suggested that she " marry a lawyer " instead. Undeterred, Mulligan later sent Fellowes a letter in which she stated that	that	SCONJ	she	PRON	 she
Later Platonists, such as Plotinus, maintained that although fire moves naturally upward in a straight line toward its natural place at the periphery of the universe, when it arrived there, it would either rest or move naturally in a circle. This account was compatible with	with	ADP	Aristotle	PROPN	 Aristotle
A stone bridge of 17 arches was certainly constructed in 1685 and this was detailed in profile drawings by Thomas Rhodes in 1833. The bridge of 1685 featured prominently in the Williamite War in Ireland of the 17th century and was used by Patrick Sarsfield to retreat to Connacht	Connacht	PROPN	after	ADP	 after
Ottawa would play the second seeded Montreal Canadiens in the first round of the playoffs, eventually winning in five games, blowing out Montreal 6 – 1 in games three and five. The Senators would advance to play the top seeded Pittsburgh Penguins in the second round,	,	PUNCT	this	DET	 this
" However, Jethro Tull won the award (recipients included members Ian Anderson, Martin Barre, and Dave Pegg), and when presenters Alice Cooper and Lita Ford announced the result, booing could be heard from the crowd. Anderson, who assumed that the band	band	NOUN	was	AUX	 was
She was (reportedly) intimately involved with numerous individuals, including Claude Terrail (owner of the Paris restaurant Tour d'Argent), Robert F. Kennedy, John F. Kennedy, Brazilian billionaire Jorge Guinle, her attorney Samuel S. Brody, Las Vegas entertainer Nelson Sardelli, and	and	CCONJ	producer	NOUN	 producer
In the end, by the time the secret of the original mystery was unlocked, the only room one really feared never being able to escape from was the one with the telly in it. Of Smith's performance as Joey, O'Donovan opined that: " For	For	ADP	most	ADJ	 most
With Mitch Mitchell on drums and Noel Redding on bass, the band formed around him as The Jimi Hendrix Experience became major stars in the UK, with three top ten hits in early 1967. it was followed later that year by the psychedelic album Are You Experienced	Experienced	ADJ	?	PROPN	?
The Four Pieces of 1887 are perhaps Rachmaninoff's first comprehensive works. Each has a clear aim and method to attain it, and all unfold with a fluency significantly more advanced than that shown in the previous nocturnes. The opening Romance, in F sharp minor,	,	PUNCT	harks	VERB	 harks
The majority in the Uitvoerend Bewind (Gerrit Pijman in particular) therefore amended the project in a sense that gave re federalization even more emphasis. They unilaterally convened the primary assemblies by a proclamation on September 14, 1801, have a referendum on this new draft constitution	constitution	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
Abu Nidal had carried out the operation without the permission of Fatah. Abu Iyad (Arafat's deputy) and Mahmoud Abbas (later President of the Palestinian Authority), flew to Iraq to reason with Abu Nidal that hostage taking harmed the movement. Abu Iyad told	told	VERB	Seale	PROPN	 Seale
1 John is extensively cited by Tertullian, who died in 215, and Clement of Alexandria, in addition to quoting 1 John, wrote a commentary on 2 John in his Adumbrationes. All three Johannine epistles were recognized by the 39th festal letter of Athanasius, the	the	DET	Synod	PROPN	 Synod
Over the ensuing two days, Amy moved over several islands in the central Philippines before emerging in the South China Sea on December 11 as the equivalent of a minimal typhoon. Shortly after, the tropical cyclone executed a tight anticyclonic loop while oscillating in strength several times	times	NOUN	before	ADP	 before
Another important addition to the genre was Sheridan Le Fanu's lesbian vampire story Carmilla (1871). Like Varney before her, the vampire Carmilla is portrayed in a somewhat sympathetic light as the compulsion of her condition is highlighted. No effort to depict vampires in popular	popular	ADJ	fiction	NOUN	 fiction
The two began performing in the 1990s as part of two different bands with Montgomery's brother, John Michael Montgomery. Although Gentry won a talent contest in 1994, he reunited with Eddie Montgomery after Gentry was unable to find a solo record deal, and Montgomery Gentry	Gentry	PROPN	was	AUX	 was
Mason of Connecticut, Leverett and Atherton of Massachusetts, were the other councilors ". The New England colonies, with the exception of Rhode Island, formed a confederation called " The Four United Colonies of New England ". Rhode Island, according to The Proceedings of	of	ADP	the	DET	 the
The same day, the Lambertseter Line was reopened after it had been upgraded to metro standard. On 16 October 1966, the then 9.2 kilometre (5.7 mi) and twelve station long Grorud Line, which ran northeast on the northern hillside of the Grorud Valley,	,	PUNCT	opened	VERB	 opened
The tendril attachment in upper pitchers is normally present at the rear of the pitcher cup. True upper pitchers are seldom seen, as the stems of N. rajah rarely attain lengths greater than a few metres before dying off and being replaced by off shoots from the main	main	ADJ	rootstock	NOUN	 rootstock
Halifax International Airport reported 10.49 in (266 mm) of rainfall over 30 hours. The heavy precipitation throughout the country triggered severe flooding, stranding hundreds of travelers. The mayor of Dartmouth reported that the area was a " disaster ", as 500 homes were reportedly	reportedly	ADV	inundated	VERB	 inundated
Due to subsequent vowel loss many Mayan languages now show complex consonant clusters at both ends of syllables. Following the reconstruction of Lyle Campbell and Terrence Kaufman, the Proto Mayan language had the following sounds. It has been suggested that proto Mayan was a tonal language,	,	PUNCT	based	VERB	 based
Immediately before the particles reach their intended destination, a lightning bolt strikes the laboratory and interferes with the accelerator, causing an unforeseen particle fusion and an explosion, opening a hole in time and space and teleporting Lester to a barren, alien planet. After evading a	a	DET	number	NOUN	 number
The ship then landed a demolition party, which blew the fort up on 10 November; she then rejoined the convoy. Duke of Edinburgh rejoined the 1st Cruiser Squadron, which had been transferred to the Grand Fleet in the meantime, in December 1914. In March	March	PROPN	1916	NUM	 1916
This same transmission is also utilised by the supercharged TRD variants. These produce 241 kW (323 hp) and 400 N · m (295 lb · ft), combined with a combined fuel consumption of 10.9 L / 100 km (21.6 mpg US).	.	PUNCT	In	ADP	 In
Deus Ex features twenty four weapons, ranging from crowbars, electroshock weapons, and riot baton, to laser guided anti tank rockets and assault rifles; both lethal and non lethal weapons are available. The player can also make use of several weapons of opportunity, such	such	ADJ	as	ADP	 as
The historic industrial town of Chelsea on the north bank of the River Thames about 3 miles (4.8 km) west of Westminster, and the rich farming village of Battersea, facing Chelsea on the south bank, were linked by the modest wooden Battersea Bridge in 1771	1771	NUM	.	PUNCT	.
Existing direct to store deliveries from suppliers were replaced by a centralised warehouse capable of receiving merchandise and sorting an estimated 70 million books per year and 200 staff were made redundant by the process. In September 2008, Waterstones began selling the Sony Reader in an agreement which	which	PRON	saw	VERB	 saw
This period also saw the emergence of Reformed Baptists. Reformed Baptist theologians had much in common with the Reformed, but saw baptism as a sign of the baptized's fellowship with Christ rather than a sign and seal of the covenant of grace, and as a result	result	NOUN	did	AUX	 did
Cheddar Cricket Club was formed in the late 19th century and moved to Sharpham Road Playing Fields in 1964. They now play in the West of England Premier League Somerset Division. Cheddar Rugby Club, who own part of the Sharpham playing fields, was formed in 1836	1836	NUM	.	PUNCT	.
This Amie was a chamberlain of Edward III's wife, Queen Philippa, and later married John Driby, a yeoman of the royal family. Edward's initial reaction to the news of Gaveston's execution was rage; according to the Vita Edwardi he swore to avenge	avenge	VERB	the	DET	 the
Joyas Prestadas is a double album consisted of eleven tracks originally performed by other singers. Rivera recorded these songs on two versions: pop and banda. According to her, the songs she chose were recordings she listened to while working as a record store cashier. The	The	DET	albums	NOUN	 albums
Recognising her battered state, Bouvet then diverted fire from Nereide to concentrate on Magicienne. Refusing to surrender until all options had been exhausted, Willoughby dispatched boats to Sirius, asking Pym if he believed it would be practical to send boats to tow Nereide out of range	range	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
The uncredited baby who played Baby Adam in that scene was a two week old child who had been born two weeks premature, giving it the appearance of a new born baby. The conclusion of the first episode was originally scripted to feature Pete and Adam playing crazy	crazy	ADJ	golf	NOUN	 golf
Three Rivers Stadium had a beverage contract with Coca Cola throughout its history. It was during the Steelers ' stay in Three Rivers that the now famous " Mean Joe " Greene Coke commercial aired, leading to a longstanding relationship between the two. When Heinz Field opened	opened	VERB	,	PUNCT	,
" Edna Gunderson from USA Today called the song " campy ". Sal Cinquemani from Slant Magazine commented that " ' Bad Romance ' and ' Dance in the Dark ' are stacked with towering new wave synths and seemingly endless hooks; if melodies could be time stamped	stamped	VERB	,	PUNCT	,
In a start against the Brewers on July 28, Hennessey pitched 7 shutout innings, striking out seven and allowing only three hits, and won the game 3 – 0. The three runs came on a home run by Hennessey himself against Víctor Santos. He allowed	allowed	VERB	one	NUM	 one
Though Rutherford survived a motion of non confidence (moved by Ezra Riley and seconded by Boyle) by three votes, he was successfully pressured to resign by Lieutenant Governor of Alberta George Bulyea. It had been expected that Cushing would replace Rutherford if the latter was defeated	defeated	VERB	,	PUNCT	,
Both of these features are meant to provide as much airflow and sunlight to the pitch as possible. The stadium also gives an illusion that supporters in the upper tier on one side of the ground are unable to see supporters in the upper tier opposite. As part	part	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
In his autobiography, Darwin wrote that " The old argument of design in nature, as given by Paley, which formerly seemed to me so conclusive, fails, now that the law of natural selection has been discovered ". Darwin struggled with the problem of evil	evil	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
I remember her teaching us how to count music. She was like, okay, we were like, count music? How do you count soul? It was crazy, you know?... all of our cues kind of went something like this, boom,	,	PUNCT	pop	NOUN	 pop
Her reflective mood continued with the last track " Easy Ride, " which was inspired by the imagery of a full circle and symbolized life for the singer. The album was mostly composed and entirely produced by Madonna and Ahmadzaï. Both had previously collaborated on Madonna's	's	PART	studio	NOUN	 studio
Nonetheless, they were virtually all profitable. Hal Wallis, who produced nine of them, declared, " A Presley picture is the only sure thing in Hollywood. " Of Presley's films in the 1960s, 15 were accompanied by soundtrack albums and another 5 by	by	ADP	soundtrack	NOUN	 soundtrack
Anjozorobe is about 450 km (280 mi) from the nearest occurrence of V. gymnocaudus, and most of the intervening area contains montane forest. However, this forest zone is bisected by the low lying Mandritsara Window, which may serve as a barrier between the two	two	NUM	species	NOUN	 species
The operation took place during the final stage of the Balkans Campaign. On September 15, a combined force of Serbian, French and Greek troops attacked the Bulgarian held trenches in Dobro Pole (" Good Field "), at the time part of the Kingdom of	of	ADP	Serbia	PROPN	 Serbia
Art traditions vary enormously amongst and within these diverse groups. Indigenous art with a focus on portability and the body is distinguished from European traditions and its focus on architecture. Indigenous visual art may be used conjunction with other arts. Shamans ' masks and rattles are used	used	VERB	ceremoniously	ADV	 ceremoniously
" Much has been written about that scene... most of it silly, " wrote Gene Lees in High Fidelity. The scene was inspired by two men who took off their clothes to antagonize the police during an informal anti war gathering. During " Where Do I	I	PRON	Go	VERB	 Go
She joined Task Force 76, an amphibious group, in March. In September 1943, Perkins bombarded Lae, New Guinea, and supported the landings there. She took part in the successful landings at Finschhafen, New Guinea. Late in November, the ship was	was	AUX	bound	VERB	 bound
According to Jäckel, An Unforgettable Summer has a prophetic role to play within the Balkan context, one she equates with that of Jean Luc Godard's La Chinoise, which is credited by others with having offered a glimpse into the French revolutionary environment that was to be	be	AUX	responsible	ADJ	 responsible
He praised Jenkins ' debut and Smith, whom he described as " a force of nature unleashed on screen ". IGN's Cindy White rated the episode 8 out of 10, describing it as a " clever remix " of A Christmas Carol and praising Smith,	,	PUNCT	Gambon	PROPN	 Gambon
In Europe, it is considered a threatened species in 14 countries. Although several taxa have been described as Sarcosphaera species since the introduction of the genus in 1869, most lack modern descriptions, have been transferred to the related genus Peziza, or are considered synonymous with	with	ADP	S.	PROPN	 S.
One of the most vocal of these critics was James Beck, of ArtWatch International, who issued repeated warnings about the possibility of damage to Michelangelo's work from over strenuous restoration. An argument that was used repeatedly was that all the previous interventions had caused damage of	of	ADP	one	NUM	 one
Duperré was initially unsuccessful, but after sailing to Madagascar for a brief refit he encountered and defeated a convoy in the Action of 3 July 1810. The British response to the French depredations was already in progress: in late June, Rowley sailed with two frigates to	to	ADP	Rodriguez	PROPN	 Rodriguez
The volcano has also caused such thermal events such as hot springs. There were three hot springs on the mountain: Gamma, Kennedy, and Sulphur, but Kennedy Hot Springs was destroyed and buried in a slide. The volcano is located in Washington, and is	is	AUX	one	NUM	 one
The dissident Club of the Crooked Circle, a discussion group considered a precursor of the KOR, survived until 1962. Other forms of collective community expression and a legally guaranteed academic autonomy lasted until the 1968 Polish political crisis. The academic discourse was in marked contrast to	to	ADP	the	DET	 the
With the peace talks in Panmunjom reaching a conclusion, the Chinese had been eager to gain a last minute victory over the UN forces and the battle was the last of the war before the official signing of the Korean Armistice. During the action the Chinese had attempted	attempted	VERB	to	PART	 to
It was again abolished by Governor Josias Fendall in 1660, who sought to create a colonial government based on an elected unicameral legislature like that of the Virginia colony. The position of Governor was removed from the legislature in 1675, but for the following century, its	its	PRON	function	NOUN	 function
Three salvos were fired upon the city by 87 artillery pieces and 6,000 muskets and arquebuses. The North American historian John Lothrop Motley highlighted the key role played by the 91 year old Mondragón in the Spanish victory: This skirmish on the Lippe has no special significance in	in	ADP	a	DET	 a
Put the mutton the gravie and these thinges together and boyle yt between two dishes, wringe the juice of an oringe into yt as yt boyleth, when yt is boyled enough lay the bone of the mutton beinge first Broyled in the dish with it then Cut slices	slices	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
Although Clouzot's reputation had grown internationally, he lost notability in French cinema due to rise of the French New Wave. The New Wave directors refused to take Clouzot's thriller films seriously, and expressed their displeasure publicly through articles and reviews in the film criticism publication	publication	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
The reduction from two lanes to one lane heading southbound just after a curve has been blamed for at least some of the accidents, with collisions resulting from cars " jockeying " to be ahead. Head on collisions are another source of crashes. Despite this, in	in	ADP	2009	NUM	 2009
She will portray Mowgli's adoptive mother in the film. Before beginning her film career, Pinto was engaged to Rohan Antao, who had been her publicist at one point. She ended the relationship in January 2009 and began dating her Slumdog Millionaire co star Dev Patel	Patel	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
Aquatic wildlife, such as species of sea turtle, shark, seal, whale, and dolphin, are common off the coast. About 400 species of birds have been recorded in Ireland. Many of these are migratory, including the barn swallow. Several different habitat	habitat	NOUN	types	NOUN	 types
All intersections with the freeway are via grade separated interchanges. The speed limit is 100 kilometres per hour (60 mph) except in central Perth, where the limit is reduced to 80 kilometres per hour (50 mph) as the freeway interchanges with Graham Farmer Freeway	Freeway	PROPN	and	CCONJ	 and
If the church from the marginal note is equated with the Round Church, then it can be conclusively dated to no more than a few years before 907. While the church can be ascribed to no later than the 10th century, some scholars have suggested that it	it	PRON	may	AUX	 may
Disney also released a browser based Flash based version of the Fix It Felix, Jr. game as well as iOS, Android and Windows Phone versions, with online Unity based versions of Sugar Rush and Hero's Duty. A second trailer for the film was released on	on	ADP	Sep	PROPN	 Sep
César is the proud patriarch of a dying family, and his only known relative is his nephew Ugolin. Eager to restore his family's position, he manipulates his nephew to do his bidding. For Yves Montand the filming experience was particularly trying because his wife of	of	ADP	thirty	NUM	 thirty
Grim Fandango's development was led by project leader Tim Schafer, co designer of Day of the Tentacle and creator of Full Throttle and the more recent Psychonauts and Brütal Legend. Schafer had begun work on the game soon after completing Full Throttle in June 1995, though	though	SCONJ	he	PRON	 he
Formal defense in the conspiracy case began on June 17, 2010, and concluded without any of the defendants testifying. Judge Lynn Leibovitz found each of the three men not guilty of charges of conspiracy, obstruction of justice and tampering with evidence on June 29, 2010	2010	NUM	.	PUNCT	.
The plan, known as the " two field system, " was a major source of enrichment for the local government. While studying in Nanjing the following year, however, Chen learned that the program was illegal, and he petitioned central authorities in Beijing to end	end	VERB	the	DET	 the
The feminism and female empowerment themes on Beyoncé's second solo album B ' Day were inspired by her role in Dreamgirls and by singer Josephine Baker. Beyoncé paid homage to Baker by performing " Déjà Vu " at the 2006 Fashion Rocks concert wearing Baker's trademark mini	mini	ADJ	hula	NOUN	 hula
The authors suggested that hot weather dried up the small rivers where the parents found food. Colony size did not influence the laying date, the clutch size or the number of successfully fledged young, but this species does not form large colonies anyway. The Eurasian crag	crag	NOUN	martin	PROPN	 martin
In Mortal Kombat 3, his hair was considerably longer, with the only alteration to his outfit being thin black leg strips wrapped above his ankles in order to give him a " sleeker " look for the game. He was given a red tank top in addition	addition	NOUN	to	ADP	 to
The main object was to explore the " area of a million or so square miles that is represented by white patches on our map, lying between Alaska and the North Pole ". The expedition also aimed to be the most comprehensive scientific study of the Arctic ever	ever	ADV	attempted	VERB	 attempted
" The Ancient Greek tradition associates the birth of art with a Corinthian maiden who longing to preserve her lover ’ s shadow traces it on the wall before he departed for war. The myth reminds us that art was born out of longing and often means more for	for	ADP	the	DET	 the
However, the designation of five Dukes as " elder " shows that the process of unification was still in transition. The inclusion of 21 Dukes indicates that the various lands in Lithuania were powerful and semi independent. Historians consider the treaty an interesting documentation of the long	long	ADJ	and	CCONJ	 and
Marc Hogan of Spin opined that " Pretty Hurts " resembled a speech accompanied by music and felt that it served as a political statement addressed to the beauty industry. Hogan's view was echoed by McCall of The Star Ledger who wrote that had the song been performed	performed	VERB	by	ADP	 by
Following the song's debut during the Olympics, 246 radio stations sampled the song in the United States. Radio stations in New York expressed that they would play the song frequently to raise awareness of Haitian citizens in need. Other radio stations throughout the United States echoed	echoed	VERB	similar	ADJ	 similar
Peter contacts the authorities to bring medical help for Olivia. As they are waiting, Peter admits to Olivia that he fears what he has done to her memories, and has seen his original Olivia through the Observer's mind. He leaves her, believing that staying	staying	VERB	away	ADV	 away
Most cases of Parkinson's disease, however, are idiopathic, meaning that the cause of cell death can not be identified. The most widely used treatment for parkinsonism is administration of L DOPA, the metabolic precursor for dopamine. L DOPA is converted to dopamine in	in	ADP	the	DET	 the
Nation members silently left, after which the rest of the crowd also dispersed. One police officer told the New York Amsterdam News: " No one man should have that much power. " Within a month the New York City Police Department arranged to keep Malcolm X	X	PROPN	under	ADP	 under
The disease is now usually referred to as Munchausen syndrome. The name has spawned two other coinages: Munchausen syndrome by proxy, in which illness is feigned by caretakers rather than patients, and Munchausen by internet, in which illness is feigned online. In 1968,	,	PUNCT	Hans	PROPN	 Hans
The following year the band contributed to a Living Sacrifice tribute album with a cover of that band's song " Mind Distant ". In October 2001, the band's third album, The Painful Experience, was released. Leo Setiawan left the band before the recording	recording	NOUN	sessions	NOUN	 sessions
It aired on April 11, 2007, making it the 65th episode of the series. The episode was written by Carlton Cuse and Drew Goddard and directed by Jack Bender. The title of the episode is not only a reference to the season two episode titled "	"	PUNCT	One	NUM	 One
Later, some Muslim scholars, such as Amer al Basri and Abu Hanifa, led movements of boycotting the rulers, paving the way to the waqf (endowments) tradition, which served as an alternative to and asylum from the centralized authorities of the emirs. But	But	CCONJ	such	ADJ	 such
The 7th and 10th infantry divisions were engaged near Neisse and the 5th Infantry Division and the 16th Tank Brigade were in transit in between those two groups. The Polish units were stretched over a line of 50 kilometers (31 mi). The Germans took the opportunity	opportunity	NOUN	presented	VERB	 presented
" Utterances intended for public dissemination deemed hateful based on ' race, colour, national or ethnic origin, belief or sexual orientation ' can be penalised under Section 266b of the criminal code. Some people have been convicted under this provision, mostly for speech directed at	at	ADP	Muslims	PROPN	 Muslims
She was the wife of Malcolm X. Shabazz grew up in Detroit, Michigan, where her foster parents largely sheltered her from racism. She attended the Tuskegee Institute in Alabama, where she had her first encounters with racism. Unhappy with the situation in Alabama, she	she	PRON	moved	VERB	 moved
The Big Bang theory is the most widely accepted scientific theory to explain the early stages in the evolution of the Universe. For the first millisecond of the Big Bang, the temperatures were over 10 billion Kelvin and photons had mean energies over a million electronvolts. These	These	DET	photons	NOUN	 photons
She especially praised the chemistry between Smith and Coleman. Ben Lawrence, writing in The Daily Telegraph, gave the episode four out of five stars, saying that it had much to " enthral " a present day viewer and showed how Doctor Who was constantly reinventing itself	itself	PRON	.	PUNCT	.
It may be the heaviest species of iguana and most massive lizard in the Western Hemisphere. Its body length is 20 – 30 inches (51 – 76 cm) with a tail equal in length. The blue iguana's toes are articulated to be efficient in digging	digging	VERB	and	CCONJ	 and
Arran's resident population was 4,629 in 2011, a decline of just over 8% from the figure of 5,045 recorded in 2001 against a background of Scottish island populations as a whole growing by 4% to 103,702 for the same period. Gaelic was still spoken widely	widely	ADV	on	ADP	 on
Jessica Sager, music reviewer, of Pop Crush thought the track was pleasant as " a woeful ballad " giving a positive note to Mars ' vocals, ultimately calling the song " a good choice as the first track " on the album. On mixed review,	,	PUNCT	Andy	PROPN	 Andy
Stars are used to unlock the next chapter of levels. The game launched with five different chapters, one of which was inspired by a level from Hitman: Blood Money. Post launch, two additional chapters were added, one based upon a level from Hitman 2	2	NUM	:	PUNCT	:
Carter met the then president of NBC, Brandon Tartikoff, at a company softball game in Brentwood, California. Tartikoff and Carter began talking between innings, and when Tartikoff eventually read some of Carter's script work, he brought him over to write for the network	network	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
Most of the faulting is " blind " (not reaching the surface), and generally difficult to locate because of the generally heavy vegetation or development. Three principal strands have been identified, their location determined by high resolution seismic reflection and aeromagnetic surveys. The northernmost	northernmost	ADJ	strand	CCONJ	 strand
In addition, 1,110,000 cu yd (850,000 m3) were used in the power plant and other works. More than 582 miles (937 km) of cooling pipes were placed within the concrete. Overall, there is enough concrete in the dam to pave a two	two	NUM	lane	NOUN	 lane
Haridimou states the song " drives remorse into the cold hearts of those involved. It ’ s a severe and poignant song that will stand the test of time. " Ryan Bird, in an otherwise positive review of Daybreaker, criticised it upon first hearing it;	;	PUNCT	he	PRON	 he
Forster left Oswegatchie on May 12 with about 40 regular troops, 10 British and French speaking Canadien militia, and 160 Iroquois. On May 14, they picked up 44 more Iroquois at Saint Francis, and camped at the western end of Saint Francis Lake on May	May	PROPN	16	NUM	 16
" Done Somebody Wrong " follows, and is introduced by Duane as " an old Elmore James song... This is an old true story... " Thom Doucette takes a solo on blues harp, and by the end of the song, the band breaks out of	of	ADP	the	DET	 the
Peter alerts the family that he has been selected for jury duty, which he believes is an exclusive experience. After Brian informs him that everyone serves jury duty at some point, Peter tries to be kicked out of court by annoying the others, expressing fabricated prejudices	prejudices	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
A landing party comprising Captain James T. Kirk (William Shatner), Doctor Leonard McCoy (DeForest Kelley), Chief Engineer Montgomery Scott (James Doohan), and historian Lieutenant Marla McGivers (Madlyn Rhue) beams over to the freighter. The landing party finds a	a	DET	cargo	NOUN	 cargo
This was referred to as raising the " participation age " to distinguish it from the school leaving age which remains at 16. To qualify as participation the young person must be in education or training for the equivalent of one day a week (at a minimum)	)	PUNCT	.	PUNCT	.
On the following day, the 3rd Battalion, 506th Infantry (on loan from the U.S. 101st Airborne Division), landed without opposition. Its sister unit, the 1st Battalion, 14th Infantry was also unopposed. The 3rd Battalion of the 8th Infantry, however,	,	PUNCT	inserted	VERB	 inserted
The film was the 29th highest grossing 2004 film domestically and is the sixth highest grossing animated TV adaptation of all time. On Rotten Tomatoes, the film holds a rating of 68%, based on 125 reviews, with an average score of 6.2 / 10.	.	PUNCT	The	DET	 The
The company also advertised and released a special three issue series through mail offers with over 8 million boxes of Honey Nut Cheerios. Three two page " mini adventures " packaged with existing Dark Horse products preceded the series ' release. Dark Horse also worked with Converse to	to	PART	stage	VERB	 stage
Set to begin his rookie campaign with the Giants the following season, Kane experienced a minor setback, as he was forced to miss the start of training camp with a case of mononucleosis. He nevertheless recovered and joined the Giants full time to tally 24 goals –	–	PUNCT	third	ADV	 third
Timothy Zahn will release an unnamed Starcraft novel in 2016. In addition to these, Blizzard Entertainment authorized two short stories in Amazing Stories magazine, entitled StarCraft: Revelations and StarCraft: Hybrid. Revelations was authored by series creator Chris Metzen and Sam Moore, a Blizzard	Blizzard	PROPN	employee	NOUN	 employee
On 19 June 2009, the battalion was renamed the 2nd Commando Regiment. Regardless, the name 4 RAR remains on the Army's order of battle and its history, colours and traditions have been preserved, ready to be re raised as a regular infantry battalion in	in	ADP	the	DET	 the
On October 15, 2009, images of the video were released. A countdown, including images and video previews, was announced on her official website and the release date was revealed to be on October 30, 2009. When asked about the video, Diane Martel	Martel	PROPN	said	VERB	 said
Before the book concludes, Gladwell writes about the unique roots of his Jamaican mother, Joyce, a descendant of African slaves. Joyce attended University College in London, where she met and fell in love with Graham Gladwell, a young mathematician. After moving together to	to	ADP	Canada	PROPN	 Canada
New professor Dolores Umbridge, though she teaches in a classroom that has appeared in films two through four, inhabits an office vastly different from those of her predecessors. The set was redressed with " fluffy, pink filigree " and a number of plates upon which moving	moving	VERB	kittens	NOUN	 kittens
Gruening, in particular, believed that the dam would have an effect similar to that of the Tennessee Valley Authority in the 1930s, with cheap electricity providing the economic basis of the region. Dam proponents also suggested that the electricity might be transmitted to the rest of	of	ADP	the	DET	 the
On August 4, 1934, President Franklin D. Roosevelt visited the construction site and was impressed by the project and its purpose. He gave a speech to workers and spectators, closing with this statement: " I leave here today with the feeling that this work is	is	AUX	well	ADV	 well
By 1938, the Engineering Experiment Station was producing useful technology, and the station needed a method to conduct contract work outside the state budget. Consequently, the Industrial Development Council (IDC) was formed. The IDC was created as a non profit contract organization for	for	ADP	the	DET	 the
He has also written an autobiographical fitness book entitled Train Like an Action Hero: Be Fit Forever being published in Sweden (by Bonnier Fakta) on 9 August 2011, offering tips he learned over the years to work out in various situations (with a busy schedule	schedule	NOUN	and	CCONJ	 and
The first football match at Turf Moor took place on 17 February 1883, when Burnley were defeated 3 – 6 by Rawtenstall. Attendances at Turf Moor during the early years averaged at around 2,000, although a crowd of 12,000 descended on the stadium on 29 March 1884	1884	NUM	to	PART	 to
The episode would later be repeated on BBC One the next week on 17 November 2008 during the 9 pm to 10 pm time slot, except in Northern Ireland, where it was withheld until 10: 35 pm. According to overnight figures, the first look on	on	ADP	BBC	PROPN	 BBC
The Virgin's " serpentine " pose, with attendant angels supporting her, adds to the sense of flow. Memling's use of color achieves a startling effect. The traditional rays of light are replaced with light color indicators; the white clothes rendered in " icy	icy	ADJ	"	PUNCT	 "
The breeder eventually agreed, on condition Misty remained on the Beebe Ranch until she was weaned, and that the animal was eventually returned to him from Henry's Illinois home for breeding. Henry made the purchase, and returned to the Midwest with an outline of her	her	PRON	story	NOUN	 story
Lupin persuades his father, and Gowing and Cummings, to invest small sums in Parachikka Chlorates, the source of his gains. The Pooters meet a new friend of Lupin's, Mr Murray Posh, who Pooter thinks is somewhat over familiar with Daisy and might,	,	PUNCT	he	PRON	 he
It has seven to eight dry months each year with an annual average rainfall of about 500 millimetres (20 in). Seasonal changes in temperature, rainfall and wind direction are marked and more extreme than coastal areas of the south west. The wettest months are May	May	PROPN	through	ADP	 through
At 2200 (UTC) on July 10, all tropical cyclone advisories were discontinued as the hurricane progressed inland. About 500,000 people were given evacuation orders in the state, mostly in coastal areas. Residents in Mobile County, and those south of I 10 in Baldwin	Baldwin	PROPN	County	PROPN	 County
One of these seven supporters, Thomas Colepeper, 2nd Baron Colepeper, acquired the entire area in 1681; his grandson, Thomas Fairfax, 6th Lord Fairfax of Cameron, inherited it in 1719. The church is in the Mill Creek valley. As tensions with Native	Native	PROPN	Americans	PROPN	 Americans
He debuted on screen during the episode airing on 30 November 2007. Ryley Mickle and Jackson Edwards played Miles in flashback sequences, showing him at ages three and eight years old respectively. During the early years of Home and Away, Sally Fletcher (Kate Ritchie)	)	PUNCT	often	ADV	 often
Bushrod, Rolle, Alshon Jeffery, Eddie Royal, David Fales, guard Patrick Omameh and defensive end Will Sutton were inactive. The Chiefs won the toss and deferred until the second half. After the Bears and Chiefs ' first drives ended with punts, the Bears	Bears	PROPN	'	PUNCT	 '
After reading the audition material and learning more about the project, Luke became interested in auditioning. He reflected, " I went immediately after reading the material from ' I'm not doing it ' to ' nobody else is doing it '. It was just brilliant	brilliant	ADJ	"	PUNCT	 "
The notion of her running for Irish president came up again in 2008 in conjunction with the 2011 election; columnist Fiona Looney wrote in the Daily Mail that while " she is certainly a decent and smart woman ", the position was better held by someone with a	a	DET	stronger	ADJ	 stronger
After the first round of matches were all lost to rain, Taylor struck the highest score of the tournament in England's second match, against Sri Lanka. She scored 136 runs from 128 balls, and shared century partnerships with both Edwards and Clare Connor to help	help	VERB	England	PROPN	 England
The track features rappers Jay Z, Rick Ross, Nicki Minaj, and singer Justin Vernon of indie folk group Bon Iver. All five credited performers have writing credits on the posse cut, with the production handled by West and Mike Dean. Lyrically the song expresses	expresses	VERB	often	ADV	 often
Local television programmes united Uyghur and Han singers in a chorus of " We are all part of the same family "; Uygurs who " acted heroically " during the riots were profiled; loud hailer trucks blasted slogans in the streets. A common slogan warned against the	the	DET	"	PUNCT	 "
Amenemhat IV is responsible for the completion of a shrine at the temple of Hathor in the Sinai and may also have undertaken works in Karnak where a pedestal for a sacred barque inscribed with Amenemhat III and IV names was found in 1924. Less than 10 years after	after	ADP	Amenemhat	PROPN	 Amenemhat
238 92U + 22 10Ne → 260 102No * → 254 102No + 6 1 0n In 1969, the Dubna team carried out chemical experiments on element 102 and concluded that it behaved as the heavier homologue of ytterbium. The Russian scientists proposed the name joliotium (Jo	Jo	PROPN	)	PUNCT	)
He went to Bollington Cross Primary School, and was offered a scholarship to Manchester Grammar School, which his family had to turn down as they could not afford the small fees that still had to be paid. Instead he attended the Central Grammar School for Boys in	in	ADP	Manchester	PROPN	 Manchester
Concentrating the company on consumer food, in 1994 he sold the Alpo pet food business to Nestlé for $510 million in cash. In February 1995 he participated in Grand Met's friendly takeover of Pet, Inc., the makers of Old El Paso branded Tex Mex	Mex	PROPN	foods	NOUN	 foods
Lawton received Geronimo and agreed to allow the Apaches to retain their weapons for defense against nearby Mexican troops. Lawton left for a heliograph station to send word to Miles, leaving Lieutenant Abiel Smith in command. Smith and Wood wanted to disarm the Apaches because they were	were	AUX	prisoners	NOUN	 prisoners
Born in Glasgow, he was one of six children, and worked as a clerk while playing youth football for Annandale. He started his adult football career with local junior team Maryhill, where he played for less than a season, before he moved to Rangers in	in	ADP	1905	NUM	 1905
" " [Is] the summer movie season... expanding out from its traditional boundaries? " Jordan Smith asked before the month began on Hollywood.com. He noted that some big budget movies released in the late spring and early summer of recent years, like After Earth	Earth	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
News of the act's passage propelled one of the most vocal opponents of Parliamentary supremacy, Samuel Adams, into a larger role in provincial politics. Hutchinson privately supported calls for its repeal, but his unwillingness to publicly oppose the act merely provided additional fuel for his	his	PRON	opponents	NOUN	 opponents
By 1952, the farm had become a burden to Olga and her husband. They were both elderly; their sons had moved away; labor was hard to come by; the Colonel suffered increasing ill health, and some of Olga's remaining jewelry was stolen.	.	PUNCT	The	DET	 The
The mysterious Nurse Owens visits Scully at her bedside, trying to reach her in her coma. Later Mulder visits Scully while another nurse takes her blood. When distracted, a mysterious man steals Scully's blood sample and runs. Mulder chases him down to the parking	parking	NOUN	lot	NOUN	 lot
In 2004, Art Malik won the " Best TV Actor " award for his role as anaesthetist Zubin Khan. Nirpal Singh Dhaliwal of The Times criticised Malik's award, opining that: " A show such as Holby City doesn't merit any recognition. " The	The	DET	show	NOUN	 show
In its original American broadcast on March 31, 2010, " Medicinal Fried Chicken " was watched by 2.99 million viewers, according to Nielsen Media Research, making it the most watched cable television show of the night, and one of the top performing cable programs of	of	ADP	the	DET	 the
Such were the numbers of K ' iche ' dead that Olintepeque was given the name Xequiquel, roughly meaning " bathed in blood ". In the early 17th century, the grandson of the K ' iche ' king informed the alcalde mayor (the highest colonial official	official	NOUN	at	ADP	 at
Grasshoppers also visit the flower heads. The caterpillars of Tebenna micalis have been recorded on this species, as have those of the Australian painted lady (Vanessa kershawi). The tiny fruits are dispersed by wind, and germinate and grow after fire or on disturbed ground	ground	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
This benign neglect is surprising because as recently as 1825, in the case of Rex v. Billingham, Savage and Skinner, it had been deemed that anyone even attending a fight was guilty of an offence. At the trial Byrne was described by a Bow Street Runner	Runner	PROPN	as	ADP	 as
Indeed, Christopher Carey points out that one of the sons, at least, was probably a legitimate son of Stephanus, being named after his father, and John Buckler notes that Apollodorus contradicts himself on whether Neaira's alleged sons were hers by another man, or	or	CCONJ	hers	NOUN	 hers
The Triplets ' legacy was retired, and the Stars were established as an entirely new franchise. The Sounds entered the Triple A playing level in 1985 as an affiliate of the Detroit Tigers playing in the American Association. They played their first Triple A game on April	April	PROPN	11	NUM	 11
In Merthyr Tydfil he spent three days in the town where he did research and met locals. He then performs a tailor made show about the town in front of a local audience. The style of the programme is similar to other shows starring Steel such as The	The	DET	Mark	PROPN	 Mark
The destruction of the Reliant's engine nacelle was created by superimposing shots of the engine blowing apart and explosions over the model. The scene in which Terrell kills Jedda, a Regula scientist, by vaporizing him with a phaser was filmed in two takes. Winfield and	and	CCONJ	the	DET	 the
She wrote a total of fifty columns for the newspaper. She said after her first year of writing: " I'm a private person and never thought that I could express my feelings. But strangely enough, whenever I sat down to write this column, my	my	PRON	inner	ADJ	 inner
In 2012, Dominican musician Karlos Rosé covered the song in bachata as his debut single which peaked at number one on the Billboard Tropical Songs chart. The music video, directed by Ethan Lader, was released on September 8, 2010 and features Peruvian born Australian actress	actress	NOUN	Nathalie	PROPN	 Nathalie
... As a general thing, I disapprove of the agonies of film mortality and its frequent projection of cemetery scenes, but this is one of the situations that must be handed the label ' exception '.... The picture is a miniature masterpiece. " Contained within her	her	PRON	review	NOUN	 review
The Raleigh Durham market had the largest TV audience with more than 51% of households tuned into the day's events, a number attributed in part to a snowstorm that kept people inside and in part to the large African American population in that community. Of the	the	DET	top	ADJ	 top
He highlighted various examples — such as the light emanating behind the door in the beginning of the episode, the door in which Mrs. Paddock hides when she kills people, and the door to Mr. Ausbury's basement in which the Satanic rituals took place — noting that	that	SCONJ	"	PUNCT	 "
When U 5 surfaced just offshore, Nereide's commanding officer, Capitano di Corvetta Carlo del Greco, cast off the lines and maneuvered to get a shot at von Trapp's boat. Nereide launched a single torpedo at U 5 that missed, after which del Greco	Greco	PROPN	ordered	VERB	 ordered
Ruisdael died in Amsterdam on 10 March 1682. He was buried 14 March 1682 in Saint Bavo's Church, Haarlem. Ruisdael's work from c. 1646 to the early 1650s, when he was living in Haarlem, is characterised by simple motifs and careful and laborious	laborious	ADJ	study	NOUN	 study
" In a biographical sketch written in 2004, the historian Jeffrey Richards characterises Reed's work as a mixing of the earlier school story traditions established by Dean Farrar and Thomas Hughes, crafted with a vivid readability. Reed dismissed Farrar's Eric, or, Little by	by	ADP	Little	PROPN	 Little
More than 80% of all cases of HHT are due to mutations in either ENG or ACVRL1. A total of over 600 different mutations is known. There is likely to be a predominance of either type in particular populations, but the data are conflicting. MADH4	MADH4	PROPN	mutations	NOUN	 mutations
These included Long John Baldry, Rod Stewart and Elton John. After the dissolution of Blues Incorporated in 1962 Long John Baldry joined the Cyril Davies R & B All Stars, and after Davies ' death in early 1964 took over leadership of the group, renaming it	it	PRON	Long	PROPN	 Long
To meet this requirement, a series of documents were written from the perspective of the Soviet Minister of Defense General Andrei Grechko, complete with anti capitalistic statements and a prediction of the eventual triumph of socialism. In the end, a twenty volume report covered no fewer	fewer	ADJ	than	ADP	 than
The first Navigation Act, which forbade the import of goods unless they were transported either in English vessels or by vessels from the country of origin. This was a policy aimed against the Dutch, and fighting broke out on May 19, 1652 with a small skirmish	skirmish	NOUN	between	ADP	 between
" Her statement is a reference to actor Bill Paxton who appeared in the 1996 movie Twister, and currently stars in the HBO show Big Love, a series about a fundamentalist Mormon family in Utah who practice polygamy. The " blonde woman " and " Jewish guy	guy	NOUN	"	PUNCT	 "
With the Russians making an offensive comeback, Nansouty placed himself at the head of the heavy divisions of Saint Germain and Valence and charged and while doing so a bullet pierced one of his knees. This was Nansouty's first battle wound and it was serious enough to	to	PART	end	VERB	 end
Campbell followed a professional approach to media relations to ensure that a clear message was presented, and the party planned stories in advance to ensure a positive media reaction. Campbell used his own experience in journalism; he was known for his attention to detail and effective use	use	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
Workers were most likely solitary foragers, foraging on the ground or onto low vegetation and trees while preying on arthropods or consuming nectar. Workers most likely did not recruit or lead nestmates to food sources, nor did workers lay down pheromone trails. Ypresiomyrma ants most likely	likely	ADV	used	VERB	 used
In his first film, the Paramount Applause (1929), Rouben Mamoulian created the illusion of acoustic depth by varying the volume of ambient sound in proportion to the distance of shots. At a certain point, Mamoulian wanted the audience to hear one character singing at	at	ADP	the	DET	 the
The dream of cornering Nasser's pan Arab project was over; instead, it was Nasser and the Nasserists who were cornering the Ba ' ath movement. On hearing the news, Aflaq and several Ba ' athists fled Iraq for Syria. After a falling out with	with	ADP	the	DET	 the
This command conflict came to a ceremonial head when Clark was not initially invited to a summit in Washington, D.C., to commemorate NATO's 50th anniversary, despite being its supreme military commander. Clark eventually secured an invitation to the summit, but was told by Cohen	Cohen	PROPN	to	PART	 to
Beyoncé and her mother introduced House of Deréon, a contemporary women's fashion line, in 2005. The concept is inspired by three generations of women in their family, the name paying tribute to Beyoncé's grandmother, Agnèz Deréon, a respected seamstress. According to	to	ADP	Tina	PROPN	 Tina
However, the leaders of Japan's Army General Staff showed scant interest in his plan to create a new government in China and they also repeatedly refused to approve any new military campaigns under his command. By the beginning of February Matsui was contemplating suicide to protest their	their	PRON	lack	NOUN	 lack
Rockwell described Gillis as " an inoffensive, ordinary little guy thrown into the chaos of war. " The public identified with Rockwell's portrayal of the " little guy " living up to a sense of duty in this time of war. Gillis was truly seen as	as	ADP	the	DET	 the
There, Kain and Cecil watch in horror as monsters burst forth from inside the ring and lay waste to the village. A young girl, Rydia, is the only survivor and summons a monster named Titan in anger. This monster causes an earthquake, separating Cecil	Cecil	PROPN	and	CCONJ	 and
The task force then moved on Eretria, which it besieged and destroyed. Finally, it moved to attack Athens, landing at the bay of Marathon, where it was met by a heavily outnumbered Athenian army. At the ensuing Battle of Marathon, the Athenians won	won	VERB	a	DET	 a
In addition to the numerous " specific " count classifiers described above, Chinese has a " general " classifier 个 (個), pronounced gè in Mandarin. This classifier is used for people, some abstract concepts, and other words that do not have special classifiers	classifiers	NOUN	(	PUNCT	 (
The ships were designed with a single hangar 124 m (406 ft 10 in) long and 18 m (59 ft) wide. The hangar was served by two octagonal centerline aircraft elevators. The forward elevator was 13 by 12 meters (42 ft 8 in	in	ADP	×	PROPN	 ×
The British approached in line abreast, with Bellerophon at the end of the line. As they approached, the ships were heavily cannonaded by the French. Pasley was hit in the leg by a cannonball as he stood on the quarterdeck, with Midshipman Matthew Flinders reporting	reporting	VERB	that	SCONJ	 that
In 1997, UBS entered into a financing arrangement with LTCM and the hedge fund quickly became the bank's largest client, generating US $15 million in fees for UBS. Union Bank of Switzerland sold LTCM a 7 year European call option on 1 million shares in	in	ADP	LTCM	NOUN	 LTCM
DNeg TV also worked on Howard Stark's Hover car, using the original computer asset for the version seen in Captain America: The First Avenger. Despite the original car from the film being only a shell and destroyed after the picture, an identical Cadillac was found	found	VERB	for	ADP	 for
The Americans believed that one of two events had occurred – either Kiska had been evacuated, or the Japanese had retreated into the hills of Kiska. By 4: 00pm on August 15, a total of 6,500 troops were on the ground on the west side of	of	ADP	Kiska	PROPN	 Kiska
He is predominantly a left footed player. During a match he will often drift to the left wing, with his teammate, in the case of Bayern Munich, Franck Ribéry, switching over to the right. Another factor in his playing style is his relationship with	with	ADP	the	DET	 the
Writing for AllMusic, Craig Harris stated that Darkwoods My Betrothed " combine songs about ancestors and Norse gods with electrifying, to power driven, arrangements, creating a new style of music, that they call, ' Viking metal. ' " Amon Amarth and Unleashed sonically	sonically	ADV	play	VERB	 play
Robertson and the other officers of Melbourne were absolved of blame for the incident. Melbourne spent ten weeks at Cockatoo Island Dockyard, having her new bow fitted. Following the repairs, Melbourne was involved in Strategic Reserve deployments and exercises in Southeast Asia from June until September	September	PROPN	1964	NUM	 1964
Although news accounts do not report when it occurred, Tubantia was released from Plymouth and allowed to resume her Royal Holland Lloyd service. On 18 October, The New York Times carried a report that indicated Tubantia had run aground on the coast of Kent the previous day	day	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
The W lettered flag is raised on the left field side of the board, above the blue light that also indicates a win. The L lettered flag is raised on the right field side of the board, above the white light that indicates a loss. Once	Once	SCONJ	the	DET	 the
Here, she would be ready to attack Allied merchant traffic in the event of a general war following the attack on Poland. The supply ship Westerwald was assigned to support Deutschland during the operation. Deutschland was ordered to strictly observe prize rules, which required raiders to	to	PART	stop	VERB	 stop
By this time, however, the shortage of carrier qualified aircrew was such that they were ordered to operate from shore bases and Katsuragi never embarked her air group. Katsuragi carried 397,340 liters (87,400 imp gal; 104,970 U.S. gal) of aviation gasoline for her aircraft	aircraft	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
The defeats in 2000 are believed to have been the cause of President Kabila's assassination in January 2001. Following the assassination, Joseph Kabila assumed the presidency and was eventually successful in negotiating an end to the war in 2002 2003. The December 2002 Global and All	All	DET	Inclusive	PROPN	 Inclusive
Referred to as " le Concombre de Chicoutimi " (the " Chicoutimi Cucumber ") for his cool demeanour on the ice, he was also known as " l ' Habitant silencieux " (the " silent Habitant ", Habitant being a nickname for the Canadiens)	)	PUNCT	,	PUNCT	,
" From 1979, keg Stones began to be promoted heavily nationwide, and the beer was introduced to the South of England for the first time. The beer was promoted following the withdrawal of the unpopular Brew Ten, which was itself intended to replace Bass's regional	regional	ADJ	ales	NOUN	 ales
However, it was a lesser total taking. In France, Somewhere earned 401 511 EUR in the three weeks to January 25, 2011. Phoenix, a French rock band, contributed the film's score. Coppola is married to Thomas Mars, the band's	's	PART	singer	NOUN	 singer
Cowell later commented that their performance convinced him that they " were confident, fun, like a gang of friends, and kind of fearless as well. " Within the first four weeks of the live shows, they were his last act in the competition. The	The	DET	group	NOUN	 group
The Commemoration of the Edict of Milan was held in Niš in 2013. During his life and those of his sons, Constantine was presented as a paragon of virtue. Pagans such as Praxagoras of Athens and Libanius showered him with praise. When the last of his	his	PRON	sons	NOUN	 sons
John Masefield also refers to a " jostling in the Strand " in his poem " On Growing Old ". The street name also figures in the 1958 poem " Buses on the Strand " by Richard Percival Lister, which in 2013 was featured as part of TFL	TFL	PROPN	’	PUNCT	 ’
Seven laps later, Biffle passed Kenseth for the lead, while Jeff Gordon passed Reuitmann for fourth thirteen laps later. By the 135th lap, Biffle had built a lead over Kenseth to three seconds. Green flag pit stops began on the 152nd lap; Kenseth made	made	VERB	his	PRON	 his
MSU football teams won the Rose Bowl in 1954, 1956, 1988, and 2014. They won national championships in 1951, 1952, 1955, 1957, 1965 and 1966. The Spartans accounted for four of the top eight selections in the 1967 NFL Draft,	,	PUNCT	the	DET	 the
" This, coupled with the realization that he was more interested in writing than art, led Lethem to drop out halfway through his sophomore year. He hitchhiked from Denver, Colorado to Berkeley, California in 1984, across " a thousand miles of desert and mountains	mountains	NOUN	through	ADP	 through
Desiring to enforce the Confederate Conscription Act to boost recruitment, Bragg decided to install the provisional government in the recently captured state capital of Frankfort. On October 4, 1862, Hawes was inaugurated as governor by the Confederate legislative council. In the celebratory atmosphere of the	the	DET	inauguration	NOUN	 inauguration
The inquest did not blame anyone directly for the accident, but the jury returned 24 recommendations. Kelly Lamrock stated that the province intended to implement the " vast majority " of these recommendations and that a third of them had already been initiated. On December 22,	,	PUNCT	2009	NUM	 2009
Susann said Aubrey, her neighbor, was " one of those people who are born to run the works. A natural for a novel. " In June 1967, Aubrey agreed to a two year contract to produce films for Columbia Pictures. Despite being frequently rumored	rumored	VERB	as	ADP	 as
" He later remarked that " no news picture in history has generated so much emotion around the world as that one. " U.S. Senator Frank Church (D ID), a member of the Senate Foreign Relations Committee, claimed that " such grisly scenes have not	not	PART	been	AUX	 been
Nagato remained at Lingga until 11 May when she was transferred to Tawitawi on 12 May, and assigned to the 1st Mobile Fleet, under the command of Vice Admiral Jisaburō Ozawa. Battleship Division 1 rendezvoused with Ozawa's main force on 16 June near the Mariana Islands	Islands	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
The soldiers commanded by Barrios Leal conquered a number of Ch ' ol communities. The most important of these was Sakb ' ajlan on the Lacantún River, which was renamed as Nuestra Señora de Dolores, or Dolores del Lakandon, in April 1695. The Spanish built	built	VERB	a	DET	 a
On June 7, a private memorial service was held at Wait Chapel on the campus of Wake Forest University in Winston Salem. The memorial was shown live on local stations in the Winston Salem / Triad area and streamed live on the university web site with speeches from	from	ADP	her	PRON	 her
His final version was completed in 1912 and his patent issued on June 20. He applied for another patent on an alloy he called stainless steel, now known as martensitic stainless steel. The Patent Office rejected his application saying that it was not a new alloy.	.	PUNCT	Haynes	NOUN	 Haynes
It had three separate access gates: the Land Gate (now the Landport Gate), the Sea Gate (now the Grand Casemates Gates) and a southern gate, the Barcina Gate. The core of the city was surrounded by substantial defensive walls with tall towers	towers	NOUN	topped	VERB	 topped
The Niagara Suspension Bridge project was in hiatus for three years before the bridge companies engaged another renowned civil engineer, John Augustus Roebling, to complete it. The delay caused Roebling to miss out on the honor of building the first permanent bridge to span the Niagara;	;	PUNCT	Serrell	PROPN	 Serrell
In August 2011, Beyoncé performed " ' 03 Bonnie & Clyde " again during her revue 4 Intimate Nights with Beyoncé and included the song on the DVD Live at Roseland: Elements of 4 released in November 2011. During the concerts, Beyoncé announced the song by	by	ADP	saying	VERB	 saying
Although she was only in EastEnders for 18 months, such was the centrality of Chrissie to the show and storylines Oberman felt she had done 4 years worth of acting, noting that by the time of her departure " Chrissie has packed into a year what most soap	soap	NOUN	characters	NOUN	 characters
However, not all the surrounding land was returned to the family until 1542. Possession of Bodiam Castle passed through several generations of the Lewknor family. Although the inheritance of the castle can be traced through the 16th and 17th centuries, there is little to indicate how	how	SCONJ	it	PRON	 it
The term " Byzantine " has been adopted by Western scholarship on the assumption that anything Roman is essentially " Western ", and also by modern Greek scholarship for nationalistic reasons of identification with ancient Greece. In modern times, the Greek people still use the ethnonyms "	"	PUNCT	Romaioi	PROPN	 Romaioi
It twice reached 809 km / h (503 mph) at about 7,000 m (22,966 ft) during these early tests, but its service life had been exceeded by 30 May and it had to be returned to TsIAM, which postponed any further tests until the	the	DET	second	ADJ	 second
Following the 1660 restoration of Charles II to the throne of England, colonial authorities again became concerned about preserving their charter rights. Bradstreet in 1661 headed a legislative committee to " consider and debate such matters touching their patent rights, and privileges, and duty to his	his	PRON	Majesty	PROPN	 Majesty
Possibly the most egregious occurred 1 April 1944 when 50 B 24 Liberators of the U.S. 14th Combat Bomb Wing bombed Schaffhausen, killing and injuring more than 100, and damaging a large portion of the city. In reaction to comments by Swiss Foreign Minister Marcel Pilet Golaz	Golaz	PROPN	that	SCONJ	 that
It was written by regular writer and recurring voice actor Danny Smith, in his first episode of the season. Series regulars Peter Shin and James Purdum served as supervising directors. Seth MacFarlane, Family Guy's creator and executive producer, is a fan of Star Trek	Trek	PROPN	and	CCONJ	 and
To the west and south, evidence of the extent of West Saxon influence is provided by the fact that Cenwalh, who reigned from 642 to 673, is remembered as the first Saxon patron of Sherborne Abbey, in Dorset; similarly, Centwine (676 – 685	685	NUM	)	PUNCT	)
Sal Cinquemani noted her popularity had eclipsed Michael Jackson's, " as she would continue to do for more than a decade. " Music scholars John Shepherd and David Horn wrote that as a crossover artist on the pop and R & B charts, she emerged "	"	PUNCT	the	DET	 the
However, in 1951, the school suspended its football program because of the increasing cost of the game financially and academically, which left the school without an official live mascot. In 1964, the school permitted exhibition football games to resume, and students financed the purchase	purchase	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
" To the Last Man " was first broadcast on BBC Two on 30 January 2008 at 9: 00 pm. The episode was later repeated on the digital channel BBC Three on 30 January at 11: 00 pm, with an edited pre watershed repeat airing the	the	DET	next	ADJ	 next
Weber commanded widespread respect but relatively little influence. Weber's role in German politics remains controversial to this day. In the case of Weber's critique of the left, he complained that the leaders of the leftist Spartacus League which was led by Karl Liebknecht and Rosa	Rosa	PROPN	Luxemburg	PROPN	 Luxemburg
It was possibly at this point that a shelf or inner cover was inserted some way under the lid of Cuthbert's coffin, supported on three wooden bars across the width, and probably with two iron rings fixed to it for lifting it off. Eardulf had decided	decided	VERB	to	PART	 to
All signs in the building are written in both French and English. Students begin French instruction in junior kindergarten, and continue on to study French four times a week in groups one through eight. They culminate their study with a week long experience in Quebec in group	group	PROPN	eight	NUM	 eight
The United States and Australia " Limited Edition " contained several physical items like a cloth map depicting the Sword Coast, as well as in game benefits like the " Blessed of Waukeen " feat that grants players a bonus to saving throws. The Europe special edition was	was	AUX	split	VERB	 split
At the beginning of the poem Helgakviða Hundingsbana II, a prose narrative says that King Sigmund (son of Völsung) and his wife Borghild (of Brálund) have a son named Helgi, who they named for Helgi Hjörvarðsson (the antagonist of the earlier Helgakviða Hjörvarðssonar	Hjörvarðssonar	PROPN	)	PUNCT	)
On August 22 the British landed on the shores of Gravesend Bay in southwest Kings County, across the Narrows from Staten Island and more than a dozen miles south from the established East River crossings to Manhattan. After five days of waiting, the British attacked American defenses	defenses	NOUN	on	ADP	 on
Five of the songs, " Back to Tennessee ", " Butterfly Fly Away ", " Don't Walk Away ", " Hoedown Throwdown ", and " You'll Always Find Your Way Back Home " are included on the short list for the Academy Award	Award	PROPN	for	ADP	 for
During the 18 minute long rendition of " Sympathy for the Devil ", a number of Ginger Johnson's African tribal drummers joined the band. After the concert ended, the volunteers who cleared up the 5,000 tonnes of rubbish were each given a copy of " Honky	Honky	PROPN	Tonk	PROPN	 Tonk
The intercepts were as a rule decrypted the same day, or at latest the next day, and were immediately sent to the Polish General Staff's Section II (Intelligence) and operational section. The more important signals were read in their entirety by the Chief of	of	ADP	the	DET	 the
He needed spectacles for writing and painting, and his hands trembled slightly. In 1898, together with his aging sister Fanny Nöldeke, he accepted Bassermann's suggestion to move into a large parsonage in Mechtshausen. Busch read biographies, novels and stories in German, English	English	PROPN	and	CCONJ	 and
It also included the landmark Violence Against Women Act (VAWA), which contains a broad array of measures to combat domestic violence. In 2000, the Supreme Court ruled in United States v. Morrison that the section of VAWA allowing a federal civil remedy for victims of	of	ADP	gender	NOUN	 gender
This gave Duyệt control over the vast economic resources in the fertile agricultural and lumber rich region and most importantly, land development. The southern area had only been populated by ethnic Vietnamese in recent centuries and immigration, clearing and development of land was rapid. At the	the	DET	beginning	NOUN	 beginning
Recording felt unnatural in the studio, with the band having over rehearsed the material. Seeking a change of scenery, they toured the Far East, Australasia and Mexico and found greater confidence performing their new music live. However, troubled by the fame he had achieved	achieved	VERB	,	PUNCT	,
But the post martial law general public showed signs of tiredness and disappointment, as it had become apparent that Solidarity was not a united front. During the chaotic years of Solidarity and martial law, Poland entered a decade of economic crisis more pronounced than in Gierek's	's	PART	years	NOUN	 years
The voyage lasted a month, with the troops arriving in Sydney on 27 February. Converted to the jungle divisional establishment on their return to Australia, the battalions of the 9th Division were reorganised to prepare them for the rigours of jungle warfare. This saw their establishment	establishment	NOUN	drop	NOUN	 drop
Having made his highest score, and hit five centuries in first class cricket, his batting average was almost 60, and his one day batting average exceeded 40. A strong start to the 2006 – 07 Australian domestic season, exemplified by 150 * against Tasmania in	in	ADP	the	DET	 the
He opened his camp on 11 April 1936 (Easter Even). It was officially opened by Amy Johnson from Hull, who had been the first woman to fly solo from England to Australia. An advertisement costing £500 (2011: £28 thousand) was	was	AUX	placed	VERB	 placed
Additionally, men's high hurdles are at height of 42 inches compared to women's hurdles which are 33 inches. For the intermediate hurdles (400 meter hurdles), the men's hurdle height is 36 inches compared to 30 inches for women. The international governance	governance	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
In the legislature, Conservative leader David Duggan called for Aberhart's resignation; in a move that Brennan reports shocked the assembly, his call was endorsed by Social Credit backbencher Albert Blue. On March 11 or 12, Cockroft's replacement as Provincial Treasurer, Solon Low	Low	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
On August 10, 2006, the lawsuits against the telecommunications companies were transferred to a federal judge in San Francisco. The ACLU represents a Muslim American who was detained but never accused of a crime in Ashcroft v. al Kidd, a civil suit against former Attorney General	General	PROPN	John	PROPN	 John
In November 1978, after Amin's vice president, General Mustafa Adrisi, was injured in a car accident, troops loyal to him mutinied. Amin sent troops against the mutineers, some of whom had fled across the Tanzanian border. Amin accused Tanzanian President Julius Nyerere	Nyerere	PROPN	of	ADP	 of
For animating things like hair, the animators created a secondary animation code, known as Dynamic Simulation, which allows the PS3 itself to mathematically calculate the way it should look; it accurately generates motion that previously took the animators long hours to replicate. The engine for	for	ADP	God	PROPN	 God
The video opens with Spears and her friends in a hotel room, where a tabloid reporter on television criticizes her for the sexy, revealing outfits she's often seen wearing publicly. Spears and her friends express their disagreement with the report. Spears, determined to be	be	AUX	self	NOUN	 self
Following the passage of a $25 million state tax credit proposal, the Chiefs moved their training camp to Missouri Western State University in St. Joseph, Missouri, in 2010. The bulk of the tax credits went for improvements to Arrowhead Stadium with $10 million applied	applied	VERB	to	ADP	 to
In the case of mental states, this means that there needs to be an explanation of why they have the property of being experienced in a certain way. The 20th century German philosopher Martin Heidegger criticized the ontological assumptions underpinning such a reductive model, and claimed that	that	SCONJ	it	PRON	 it
Stevie is one of four main characters from series two of EastEnders: E20, created by its team of thirteen writers. Amanda Fairbank Hynes was cast in the role, on which she stated, " It all happened so quickly but I'm really excited to be	be	AUX	working	VERB	 working
Another battleship, King George V or Renown, turned away damaged. Two heavy cruisers maintain contact. " At 08: 01, he transmitted a damage report and his intentions to OKM, which were to detach Prinz Eugen for commerce raiding and to make for Saint	Saint	PROPN	Nazaire	PROPN	 Nazaire
The four battleships of the Ersatz Monarch class would have been equipped with four shaft steam turbines that produced 31,000 shaft horsepower (23,000 kW) and contained 15 Yarrow water tube boilers (nine coal fired and six oil fired). These engines would have enabled the four	four	NUM	battleships	NOUN	 battleships
The military police have also been responsible for presidential security since February 2007. In 2010 the United States Embassy in Dili reported that the F FDTL also planned to raise two engineer squadrons during that year; these two units were to have a total strength of 125 personnel	personnel	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
After the war ended, the Falklands economy was affected by declining wool prices and the political uncertainty resulting from the revived sovereignty dispute between the United Kingdom and Argentina. Simmering tensions between the UK and Argentina increased during the second half of the century, when Argentine President	President	PROPN	Juan	PROPN	 Juan
In response, on March 3, 1801, Congress changed the designation of officials required to attend to " the district judge of Pennsylvania, the attorney for the United States in the district of Pennsylvania, and the commissioner of loans for the State of Pennsylvania ".	.	PUNCT	The	DET	 The
Together the works of these great classical sociologists suggest what Giddens has recently described as ' a multidimensional view of institutions of modernity ' and which emphasises not only capitalism and industrialism as key institutions of modernity, but also ' surveillance ' (meaning ' control of information and	and	CCONJ	social	ADJ	 social
One effect of the tithe was to transfer a considerable amount of agriculture wealth into the cities, where it was then spent by these urban clergy. The need to sell tithe produce that could not be consumed by the local clergy also spurred the growth of trade.	.	PUNCT	Mining	NOUN	 Mining
He is notable for his expertise and proficiency in the instruction of military drill. During the Battle of Gettysburg, the 19th Massachusetts Infantry, under his command, played an important role in filling a breach in the Union lines during Pickett's Charge. After his active	active	ADJ	service	NOUN	 service
The race was umpired by Joseph William Chitty who had rowed for Oxford twice in 1849 (in the March and December races) and the 1852 race. Both crews were downselected from pairs of trials eights. The Oxford crew weighed an average of 11 st 12.5 lb	lb	NOUN	(	PUNCT	 (
Some of the studio's most impressive releases were foreign productions. In 1927, FBO picked up for U.S. distribution a celebrated Austrian biblical spectacular made three years earlier: Die Sklavenkönigin (The Slave Queen, aka Moon of Israel) had already won its director, Michael	Michael	PROPN	Kertész	PROPN	 Kertész
In the Northern Hemisphere, as adults, males averaged 24 m (79 ft) and females 25 m (82 ft) with average calculated weights of 90.5 and 101.5 tonnes (100 and 112 tons), respectively. Blue whales in the eastern North Pacific population	population	NOUN	were	AUX	 were
She is one of the important deity in kalikula. Two major centers of Shaktism in West Bengal are Kalighat in Calcutta and Tarapith in Birbhum district. In Calcutta, emphasis is on devotion (bhakti) to the goddess as Kali: She is " the loving mother	mother	NOUN	who	PRON	 who
However, early on February 23, the JTWC began issuing advisories on Hondo as they estimated winds to have reached 65 km / h (40 mph) once more. At 0600 UTC, Hondo attained winds of 95 km / h (60 mph 1 minute winds	winds	NOUN	)	PUNCT	)
After a year, the coach was so impressed with Nowitzki's progress that he advised him: " You must now decide whether you want to play against the best in the world or just stay a local hero in Germany. If you choose the latter, we	we	PRON	will	AUX	 will
In this Pittsfield, Massachusetts house, Melville wrote some of his major work: the novels Moby Dick, Pierre (dedicated to nearby Mount Greylock), The Confidence Man, and Israel Potter; The Piazza Tales (a short story collection named for Arrowhead's porch	porch	NOUN	)	PUNCT	)
Critics, including Liberal MLA Laurie Blakeman and the Canadian Taxpayers Federation, charged that the government was not saving enough money in anticipation of a fall in energy prices. In her April 2008 budget, Stelmach's Finance Minister Iris Evans forecast a $1.6 billion surplus for	for	ADP	2008	NUM	 2008
This is the best known species of Stegosaurus, mainly because its remains include at least one complete articulated skeleton. It had proportionately large, broad plates and rounded tail plates. Articulated specimens show that the plates were arranged alternating in a staggered double row. S. stenops	stenops	NOUN	is	AUX	 is
Founded in 1999, the MGC is composed of 9 total single sex and coeducational organizations. Each of these organizations emphasizes a particular race or culture, particularly Asian or Latino culture; however, while these organizations may have a certain cultural emphasis, membership is generally open	open	ADJ	to	ADP	 to
It houses 1.6 million volumes, provides access to approximately 28,000 electronic journal subscriptions, and owns over 20,000 electronic books. It also serves as a U.S. patent and trademark depository and a government document depository. UND's special collections department is known for its genealogical resources,	,	PUNCT	including	VERB	 including
All the dead were aged between 19 and 33, and the event created something of a sensation at the time. In 1857, John Marley, in his account of the Cleveland Ironstone, described the Bell Ironworks as follows: These iron works, situate on the	the	DET	Tyne	PROPN	 Tyne
They remained on the island for five days until two Chilean warships brought a German passenger ship to take the men to Quiriquina Island, where they were interned for the duration of the war. Canaris escaped from the internment camp on 5 August 1915 and reached Germany exactly	exactly	ADV	two	NUM	 two
After several years of narrowly avoiding the drop, Villa were relegated at the end of the 2015 – 16 season. Winning the League Cup in 1961 was a pinnacle for the club. Although Villa finished seventh in 1961 – 62, the following season saw the beginning	beginning	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
In the second, the team of B.G. James and Cassidy Reilly fought the team of Ron Killings and Sonjay Dutt. Dutt won the match at 4 minutes and 14 seconds for his team after a 450° aerial splash onto Reilly and the pin. The last two	two	NUM	were	AUX	 were
Hospice volunteers also provide administrative assistance to hospices. The majority of discharges from hospice are due to the death of the patient, although hospice treatment may not end then as care also provides for a period of bereavement counseling for the family afterward. However, there are	are	VERB	several	ADJ	 several
Robbed at knife point, they relinquished the demos, only recovering the songs through memory. Paul McCartney later remarked, " It was stuff that would be worth a bit on eBay these days, you know? But no, we figured the guys who mugged us	us	PRON	wouldn	PROPN	 wouldn
In 2009, the show was the most watched scripted series among children and the second most watched scripted series among pre teens. Disney ordered second and third seasons for the series. In May 2009, Disney Channel's executive vice president Gary Marsh issued a press release	release	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
Guest appearances were made by James Earl Jones, Jeffrey Wright, Lynne Thigpen and Mekhi Phifer. The three episodes were tied together by the story of a murdered Haitian domestic worker employed by wealthy philanthropist Felix Wilson, played by Jones. Protagonists Frank Pembleton and Al Giardello	Giardello	PROPN	initially	ADV	 initially
Injuries of the trachea cause about 1% of traffic related deaths. Other potential causes are falls from high places and injuries in which the chest is crushed. Explosions are another cause. Gunshot wounds are the commonest form of penetrating trauma that cause TBI. Less commonly	commonly	ADV	,	PUNCT	,
The state highway passes the historic home Glamorgan and Edgewood Drive, part of the old alignment of MD 38, before leaving Deer Park. Upon reaching the hamlet of Altamont, MD 495 (Swanton Road) continues straight northeast toward Swanton while MD 135 turns to the	the	DET	southeast	NOUN	 southeast
Major customers for the 757 included U.S. mainline carriers, European charter airlines, and cargo companies. The airliner has recorded eight hull loss accidents, including seven fatal crashes, as of September 2015. Production of the 757 ended in October 2004, after 1,050 had been	been	AUX	built	VERB	 built
In 1996, Winslet starred in both Jude and Hamlet. In Michael Winterbottom's Jude, based on the Victorian novel Jude the Obscure by Thomas Hardy, she played Sue Bridehead, a young woman with suffragette leanings who falls in love with her cousin, played by	by	ADP	Christopher	PROPN	 Christopher
During the hot midday, they rest or groom themselves in the shade of bushes and grasses. Servals remain cautious of their vicinity, though they may be less alert when no large carnivores or prey animals are around. Serval walk as much as 2 – 4 kilometres	kilometres	NOUN	(	PUNCT	 (
The station also used an old boxcar as a tool shed for maintenance. By the early 1970s, the station had fallen into disrepair, and by 1974, was repainted Erie Railroad style red with the tool shed box car removed. The station was abandoned when the	the	DET	Erie	PROPN	 Erie
In the late 1950s the author Geoffrey Jenkins had suggested to Fleming that he write a Bond novel set in South Africa, and sent him his own idea for a plot outline which, according to Jenkins, Fleming felt had great potential. After Fleming's death,	,	PUNCT	Jenkins	PROPN	 Jenkins
She was the second battleship built domestically in Japan and the first to use steam turbines for propulsation. The ship was named for Aki Province, now a part of Hiroshima Prefecture. The ship saw no combat during World War I. Aki was disarmed in 1922 and sunk	sunk	VERB	as	ADP	 as
The fire engulfed most of the island, burning west to east. The eastern buildings were only saved by a subsequent change in wind direction. Although it was not known how the fire started, Scouts were not allowed to camp on the island again until after Bonham	Bonham	PROPN	Christie	PROPN	 Christie
This anomaly of ZnO is not fully explained. ZnO is a relatively soft material with approximate hardness of 4.5 on the Mohs scale. Its elastic constants are smaller than those of relevant III V semiconductors, such as GaN. The high heat capacity and heat conductivity, low	low	ADJ	thermal	ADJ	 thermal
Alongside his affiliation with the Bund, List was also a member of the Deutscher Turnverein (Germanic Gymnastic League), a strongly nationalistic group to whom he contributed literary works for their events. In 1893, List and Fanny Wschiansky founded a belletristic society devoted to encouraging	encouraging	VERB	German	ADJ	 German
When the trial finally began on 10 July 1826, Merilhou was present not as MacGregor's defence counsel but as a witness for the prosecution, having been called as such because of his links with the Nouvelle Neustrie company. Merilhou entrusted MacGregor's defence to a colleague	colleague	NOUN	called	VERB	 called
In late 2006, India's ODI team began to hit rocky waters. After losing a bilateral series in the West Indies, they were knocked out of a triangular tournament in Malaysia ahead of the finals, and were eliminated in the first round of the 2006 ICC	ICC	PROPN	Champions	PROPN	 Champions
Violet's long hair, which was extremely difficult to animate, was only successfully animated toward the end of production. In addition, animators had to adapt to having hair underwater and blowing through the wind. Disney was initially reluctant to make the film because of these	these	DET	issues	NOUN	 issues
The Outlaw Star Complete Collection was the 21st best selling anime DVD in the United States in 2006 and the 25th in 2007. In 2012, Bandai's North American division, Bandai Entertainment, listed Outlaw Star as one of its top five most successful anime properties.	.	PUNCT	Josh	PROPN	 Josh
When he died he was its longest serving fellow. Samuel Walter Johnson Smith's imminent mandatory retirement at age 65 prompted a search for a new Poynting Professor of Physics at the University of Birmingham. The University wanted not just a replacement, but a well known name	name	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
The Bahmani Sultanate, a contemporary of the Vijayanagara Empire, was founded in 1347 by Alla ud din Hasan, a breakaway commander of the armies of the northern invaders led by Mohammed bin Tughlaq. The capital was Gulbarga but was later moved further north to Bidar in	in	ADP	1430	NUM	 1430
Carter commented that they chose it because it had " an interesting observation space above it that we used ", which was difficult to shoot in. " The Red and the Black " was a technically difficult episode, which Carter later described, along with " Patient	Patient	PROPN	X	PROPN	 X
The SSSI is designated as a Special Protection Area for birds for its variety of coastal habitats. The large breeding colonies of Sandwich terns and little terns, especially those at Blakeney Point and Scolt Head Island, are of " European importance " as defined in the Birds	Birds	PROPN	Directive	PROPN	 Directive
In September 1911, the American Hawaiian Steamship Company placed an order with the Maryland Steel Company of Sparrows Point, Maryland, for four new cargo ships — Minnesotan, Dakotan, Montanan, and Pennsylvanian. The contract cost of the ships was set at the construction cost	cost	NOUN	plus	CCONJ	 plus
The band did not want the album to be released outside Japan and wanted full rights to the tapes, but it was released worldwide anyway. The album was released in the UK in December 1972, with a special offer price of £3.10, the same as	as	ADP	a	DET	 a
By 1967, the population had grown to about six times its 1948 size. In 1997, 51.8% of Gaza's inhabitants were refugees or their descendants. The city's population has continued to increase since that time to 515,556 in 2012, making it the largest	largest	ADJ	city	NOUN	 city
The British official historian claims " more than half the dismounted troops in the town were captured or killed, " while 15 of the 28 guns in the town were captured by the Desert Mounted Corps and XX Corps. Over 700 Ottoman soldiers were captured and, more	more	ADV	significantly	ADV	 significantly
Letters and testimonials poured in from other scientists with whom Beebe had worked, attesting to their admiration of him and his influence on them. One letter from the Harvard biologist Ernst Mayr wrote that Beebe's work had been an inspiration to his own, particularly A Monograph	Monograph	PROPN	of	ADP	 of
The state highway then begins a steep descent from a high bluff to the Susquehanna River, with the southbound direction gaining a climbing lane. Upon entering the town limits of Port Deposit, MD 222's name changes to Main Street and the highway makes a sharp turn	turn	NOUN	to	ADP	 to
He played a decisive role in the Primera Junta, the first national government of Argentina, created after the May Revolution. Moreno was born in Buenos Aires in 1778. His father was Manuel Moreno y Argumosa, born in Santander, Spain, who arrived in the	the	DET	city	NOUN	 city
Captain James Martin and his crew were praised for their gallantry in getting everyone off the ship, and absolved of any blame with respect to the capsizing of the lifeboat. The lifeboat was furthermore found to be of sound design and suitably adapted to her role, but	but	CCONJ	debate	NOUN	 debate
It has also been suggested that the ancestors of Deckenia and Seychellum lived on a landmass comprising Seychelles and the African mainland, which then separated by continental drift; Gondwana is believed to have split up 160 million years ago, with the Seychelles separating from the Indian Plate	Plate	PROPN	around	ADP	 around
That approach was already old, and it was used to legislate in both districts, but in this context Castelli argued that neither the Council of Regency or any other power of Spain — other than the rightful King — had authority over Spanish America. Castelli said that	that	SCONJ	"	PUNCT	 "
He served with distinction in the Army for four decades, including service in the Mexican American War and as a Union general in the American Civil War. Known to his Army colleagues as " Hancock the Superb ", he was noted in particular for his personal leadership	leadership	NOUN	at	ADP	 at
But the group that had been exposed to passive smoking at home appeared to bear the entire risk increase, while those who were not exposed to passive smoking did not show any increased risk with increasing radon level. The effects of radon if ingested are similarly unknown,	,	PUNCT	although	SCONJ	 although
Odero et al. argue that this shows a need to improve emergency medical care. Emergency medical care applies to other acute health problems as well. Many illnesses with time sensitive elements are common in developing countries, including severe infections, hypoxia caused by respiratory infections,	,	PUNCT	dehydration	NOUN	 dehydration
If successful, inoculation produced lasting immunity to smallpox. However, because the person was infected with variola virus, a severe infection could result, and the person could transmit smallpox to others. Variolation had a 0.5 – 2 percent mortality rate, considerably less than the	the	DET	20	NUM	 20
But then, national tragedy struck as Martin Luther King was assassinated on April 4, 1968. With eight of the ten starting players on Sixers and Celtics being African American, both teams were in deep shock, and there were calls to cancel the series. In	In	ADP	a	DET	 a
Despite its success, Naxos was not immune to class tensions and internal strife, and shortly before 500 BC, the population seized power, expelling the aristocrats and establishing a democracy. In 500 BC, Aristagoras was approached by some of the exiles from Naxos, who	who	PRON	asked	VERB	 asked
He told her that he would be in touch later that day, but declined to speak with the police constable who had accompanied her to her flat; instead, he said he would call the police later that morning. Ranson discovered that Lucan had travelled to Uckfield	Uckfield	PROPN	when	SCONJ	 when
Paleontologists Gregory Paul and Per Christiansen of the Zoological Museum of the University of Copenhagen in Denmark proposed that large ceratopsians such as Styracosaurus were able to run faster than an elephant, based on possible ceratopsian trackways which did not exhibit signs of sprawling forelimbs. Styracosaurs were herbivorous	herbivorous	ADJ	dinosaurs	NOUN	 dinosaurs
Here I Stand also debuted atop the Canadian Albums Chart, and spent eight weeks on the chart. On the UK Albums Chart, Here I Stand debuted at number one on the chart of June 7, 2008, selling 56,897 copies. It was certified gold by	by	ADP	the	DET	 the
The degree of sequence similarity between homologous genes is called conserved sequence. Most changes to a gene's sequence do not affect its function and so genes accumulate mutations over time by neutral molecular evolution. Additionally, any selection on a gene will cause its sequence to diverge	diverge	VERB	at	ADP	 at
From 26 October 1930, Tintin in the Land of the Soviets was syndicated to French Catholic magazine Cœurs Vaillants (" Brave Hearts "), recently founded by the Abbé Gaston Courtois. Courtois had travelled to Brussels to meet Wallez and Hergé, but upon publication thought	thought	VERB	that	SCONJ	 that
During the 1975 season, he suffered a knee injury during mini camp in May that required surgery, a dislocated toe in the first game of the season against the New York Giants that was thought to take at least six weeks to recover from, and a fractured	fractured	ADJ	forearm	NOUN	 forearm
While Almirante Latorre was individually more powerful than the Brazilian or Argentine dreadnoughts, they had two each to Chile's one. Compounding this was a lack of modern cruisers to accompany the lone dreadnought. In 1924, Almirante Latorre hosted the president again when he visited Talcahuano	Talcahuano	PROPN	for	ADP	 for
It is served by the District, Circle and Piccadilly lines. On the District and Circle lines, the station is between Gloucester Road and Sloane Square, and on the Piccadilly line, it is between Gloucester Road and Knightsbridge. It is in Travelcard Zone 1.	.	PUNCT	The	DET	 The
Couture described his character as " the glue that holds all of these dysfunctional guys together ". Liam Hemsworth as Billy the Kid: An ex military sniper, disenchanted after service in Afghanistan. Hemsworth was confirmed for the role on September 19, 2011. He was	was	AUX	cast	VERB	 cast
Spencer was tense and unbending, could not, or would not, take direction ". Tracy considered leaving the show before it even opened on Broadway, and lasted there just six weeks before announcing his intention to close the show. It closed on January 19,	,	PUNCT	1946	NUM	 1946
He did not agree with this strategy, maintaining until his death that the force should have gone on an offensive to strike Japanese air power instead of being tied to the ground forces. Despite his objections, the force left Pearl Harbor for the Gilbert Islands on 10	10	NUM	November	PROPN	 November
While the CPC claims that China is in the primary stage of socialism, party theorists argue that the current development stage " looks a lot like capitalism ". Alternatively, certain party theorists argue that “ capitalism is the early or first stage of communism. ” Some	Some	PRON	have	AUX	 have
From here, the turnpike would bypass Middletown, Clayton, Smyrna, and Dover to the west before coming to US 13. Intermediate interchanges were to be located west of Dover, at DE 6 west of Smyrna, west of Middletown, at DE 896 south of	of	ADP	the	DET	 the
The band has also been credited for inspiring the indie rock scene of 90s era urban Pakistan, that has since evolved into a rich rock music culture in the country. Pearl Jam has been praised for its rejection of rock star excess and its insistence on backing causes	causes	NOUN	it	PRON	 it
As of 2016, a Vassar – Cornell University program is monitoring the water quality of the Fonteynkill. The Fonteynkill is 1.5 kilometers (0.93 mi) long. Historian Helen Wilkinson Reynolds reported in 1924 that the stream is fed by a spring in Arlington, New York	York	PROPN	.	PUNCT	.
Kingfisher Airlines suspended operations on 20 October 2012 and finally ceased operations in February 2013. On 26 July 2010, Air Berlin, Germany's second largest airline, accepted an invitation to join Oneworld and joined the alliance on 20 March 2012. On 6 June 2011,	,	PUNCT	Malaysia	PROPN	 Malaysia
Thus Wintjiya is the element of the artist's name that is specifically hers. She is sometimes referred to as Wintjia Napaltjarri No. 1; there is another artist from the same region, Wintjiya Morgan Napaljarri (also called Wintjiya Reid Napaltjarri), who is known	known	VERB	as	ADP	 as
In the old economy, energy was produced by burning something — oil, coal, or natural gas — leading to the carbon emissions that have come to define our economy. The new energy economy harnesses the energy in wind, the energy coming from the sun,	,	PUNCT	and	CCONJ	 and
He noted that his standard character was a " jerky guy ", and described his usual roles as " the weasel parade ", citing Lionel Hutz, Bill McNeal, Troy McClure and Ted Maltin from Jingle All the Way as examples. Hartman enjoyed playing such roles	roles	NOUN	because	SCONJ	 because
Spathulatae. Four varieties are currently recognised: B. spinulosa var. spinulosa The nominate race is an autonym, a name that was automatically created for the original material of the species as the other subspecies were described. The original hairpin banksia, this plant is coastal in	in	ADP	Queensland	PROPN	 Queensland
Following the completion of the rugby league domestic season, Tomkins was included in a pre Four Nations test against France. In England's opening match of the 2011 Four Nations against Wales, he scored four tries, which for the second time in his international career equalled	equalled	VERB	the	DET	 the
The Jarrar clan did not inhabit, but administrated Tubas, as it was located within the nahiya (" subdistrict ") of Mashariq al Jarrar. Tubas was one of the largest villages in the District of Nablus. Most of the inhabitants resided in mud built houses	houses	NOUN	or	CCONJ	 or
For all archery events at the Olympics, archers stand 70 metres from their target. The target consists of concentric circles, and has a total diameter of 122 cm. Archers earn points based on which circle their arrow landed in, with ten points awarded for hitting	hitting	VERB	the	DET	 the
At night, the markings were illuminated by a combination of internal and external lights. Data on the ship's markings and the layout of identifying structural features was provided to the International Committee of the Red Cross during the first week of February 1943, who passed this	this	PRON	on	ADP	 on
Later that day, a hurricane watch was issued for the Papahānaumokuākea Marine National Monument for areas between the French Frigate Shoals and Lisianski Island. The following morning, a supplementary hurricane warning was issued for the monument for areas between the French Frigate Shoals and Nihoa. Additionally	Additionally	ADV	,	PUNCT	,
Although he was mocked by other kids due to his partly Iraqi accent, al Jamri said he was very happy with the visit as he found his village Bani Jamra much more " open " than Najaf. In 1973, al Jamri returned to Bahrain with his family	family	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
In between stages, the player is shown videos of an American man drinking Pepsi and eating chips and pizza while watching television. Pepsiman is based on Pepsi's mascot with the same name, which was created by comic book artist Travis Charest for Pepsi's Japanese branch	branch	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
As Reynolds explains, " Hemingway could not really tell his parents what he thought when he saw his bloody knee. He could not say how scared he was in another country with surgeons who could not tell him in English if his leg was coming off or not	not	PART	.	PUNCT	.
South of Cox Bay is the larger Keller Bay extension, which extends the bay to its easternmost point near Olivia. Below the extension, is a narrow peninsula, bounded by Matagorda Bay to the south, which extends west to mouth of Lavaca Bay. Across the	the	DET	mouth	NOUN	 mouth
The material damage by the bomb raids was slight as Finland did not offer many valuable targets for strategic bombing. Very often, targets were small village depots with little value. The country had only a few modern highways in the interior, therefore making railway systems the	the	DET	main	ADJ	 main
When the United States Numbered Highway System was created on November 11, 1926, the southern section between the state line and Monroe was redesignated as a section of US 25. In the 1940s, the northern end was rerouted north from New Boston to follow M 112	112	NUM	along	ADP	 along
" It took a month for the project to be completely storyboarded before any programming work started on it. While the game's design evolved over time, its original plot remained largely intact. Several revisions resulted in some of the already made some graphics and other content	content	NOUN	being	AUX	 being
On 27 June, the 8th Infantry Brigade (1st Suffolk Regiment, 2nd East Yorkshire Regiment, 1st South Lancashire Regiment) of the 3rd Infantry Division, supported by the Staffordshire Yeomanry, of 27th Armoured Brigade, and specialist armour from the 79th Armoured Division, launched	launched	VERB	Operation	PROPN	 Operation
He also continued to receive advice from Balakirev. At 16, he completed his First Symphony, which was successfully premiered under Balakirev's direction on March 29, 1882. Present at this performance was Mitrofan Belyayev, a lumber baron and amateur musician who would take the	the	DET	young	ADJ	 young
Most early television licenses were granted to established radio broadcasters, and many longtime relationships with radio networks carried over to the new medium. As CBS and NBC (and to a lesser extent, ABC) gained their footing, they began to offer programming that drew on	on	ADP	their	PRON	 their
The ships ' main armament was composed of eight 340 mm / 45 Modèle 1912 guns in two quadruple turrets, the same as in the contemporary French battleships of the Normandie class. Both turrets were placed on the centerline, on either end of the ship. A	A	DET	secondary	ADJ	 secondary
" When I Look at You " is a power ballad that transitions in instrumentation, from piano to electric guitar. Throughout the song, Cyrus keeps a hushed tone, but starts to belt soon before the arrival of the second verse. Lyrically, it speaks of	of	ADP	a	DET	 a
The 34th Infantry Regiment began to set up a new line south of Chonan by nightfall, even though many of its men no longer had equipment to fight with. General Dean, the divisional commander, was angered by the poor performance of the 34th Infantry Regiment during	during	ADP	the	DET	 the
The Chacals were regarded as obsolete by 1935 and Lynx became a training ship for the torpedo school at Toulon that year. She was assigned convoy escort duties in the Atlantic after the start of World War II in September 1939. In July 1940, the ship was	was	AUX	present	ADJ	 present
He surprises Erin by popping out of a delivery box and singing Signed, Sealed, Delivered I'm Yours, but she is not particularly excited to see him, and states she does not want to go back to Scranton with him. The situation is further complicated	complicated	ADJ	when	SCONJ	 when
Adding to Sparrow's woes, Lord Cutler Beckett (Tom Hollander) of the East India Trading Company has a personal score to settle with Sparrow. Beckett wants the chest and forces Will Turner to search for Sparrow and his magic compass. Turner locates Sparrow and his	his	PRON	crew	NOUN	 crew
Newcastle conceded a further three times away to Barcelona, beat Bayer Leverkusen at home and in Germany (with Given saving an Oliver Neuville penalty in the home tie), and drew with Inter at San Siro, however a 2 – 0 loss at home against Barcelona	Barcelona	PROPN	meant	VERB	 meant
Its creations have been awarded numerous prizes and distinctions, including two Gemini Awards and a Primetime Emmy Award for Cirque du Soleil: Fire Within (in 2003) and three Primetime Emmy Awards for Dralion (in 2001). In November 2003, a US federal discrimination	discrimination	NOUN	complaint	NOUN	 complaint
Finally, in 1920, following lobbying by British cleric David Railton, Britain and France both decided to create a Tomb of the Unknown Soldier, choosing an unknown body and creating a special memorial around it; the tombs were inaugurated on Armistice Day. The choice of	of	ADP	location	NOUN	 location
Unlike some soccer leagues around the world, but similar to other leagues in the Americas, the MLS regular season is followed by the 12 team MLS Cup Playoffs in November, ending with the MLS Cup championship final in early December. Although some commentators have argued that	that	SCONJ	playoffs	NOUN	 playoffs
During the recording of The Beatles that same year, tensions within the group ran high, and drummer Ringo Starr quit briefly. Harrison's songwriting contributions to the double album included " While My Guitar Gently Weeps ", which featured Eric Clapton on lead guitar, "	"	PUNCT	Piggies	NOUN	 Piggies
I am a great fan of June Brown's [who plays Dot Branning] and am looking forward to sharing some scenes with her. " Executive producer Bryan Kirkwood opined: " I'm very excited to have the much loved Ann Mitchell joining us. Cora Cross	Cross	PROPN	is	AUX	 is
Friedrich der Grosse again saw service in the II Division in the winter of 1891 – 1892 and the 1892 maneuvers, under the command of Rear Admiral Hans Koester. The ship participated in the 1893 maneuvers, which included a simulation of a French naval attack in the	the	DET	North	PROPN	 North
The keeper's cottage includes an open verandah on three sides, with cast iron posts and curved timber beams. The hipped roof is still the original terracotta tiles and one chimney remains. As for the duplex, circa 1970 the roof was replaced with concrete tiles and	and	CCONJ	the	DET	 the
This involved a new staircase, the installation of electric lighting, a new fire curtain and hot water radiators throughout the auditorium. In 1905, on the anniversary of the opening of the Theatre Royal, numerous William Shakespeare's plays were performed by the company of actors	actors	NOUN	led	VERB	 led
In addition, several reviewers have noted parallels between this album and Byrne's Big Love: Hymnal, particularly their common spiritual themes and atmospheric moods. Resident Advisor's review also notes the shift in Eno's recordings toward more gospel vocals. Steve Matteo of Crawdaddy!	!	PUNCT	wrote	VERB	 wrote
The game features a variety of quests that the player must complete in order to progress. These quests usually involve the player interacting with characters and fighting enemies in combat missions. During the missions, Shepard is assisted by two AI squad members that the player can indirectly	indirectly	ADV	control	VERB	 control
Cofresí attacked with other members of his gang and that of another pirate, Manuel Lamparo, who was connected to British pirate Samuel McMorren (also known as Juan Bron). That week he also led the capture of the John, an American schooner. Out of	of	ADP	Newburyport	PROPN	 Newburyport
West Gate's engines were shut down while American backed out of the tangle. West Gate quickly began to settle and the order to abandon ship was issued. The chief engineer and his assistant, Spencer and Hillery, remained belowdecks long enough to extinguish the boilers and	and	CCONJ	open	ADJ	 open
Davis had considerable Antarctic experience, having been chief officer and later Captain of Nimrod during the 1907 – 09 expedition, and captain of Aurora during the Australasian Antarctic Expedition. Béchervaise, John. " Davis, John King (1884 – 1967) ". Australian Dictionary	Dictionary	PROPN	of	ADP	 of
He fell 90 feet (27 m) while walking along a beam 6 inch (150 mm) wide to try and extinguish the flames. New Brighton Tower regularly advertised itself as " the highest structure and finest place of amusement in the Kingdom ". A single	single	ADJ	entrance	NOUN	 entrance
Like Mote, Gernet attributes the ultimate downfall of the Liao to the interference by the ruling clans, and he additionally credits a series of droughts and floods, as well as attacks by the Jurchen tribes on the north east edge of Liao territory, with weakening the	the	DET	Liao	PROPN	 Liao
By 1926, the portion of old legislative Route 7 from Central Bridge to East Berne was designated as part of NY 43, a new route extending from Central Bridge to downtown Albany via East Berne, Clarksville, and Delmar, while NY 7 was renumbered to NY	NY	PROPN	45	NUM	 45
Prionodesmacea have a prismatic and nacreous shell structure, separated mantle lobes, poorly developed siphons, and hinge teeth that are lacking or unspecialized. Gills range from protobranch to eulamellibranch. Teleodesmacea on the other hand have a porcelanous and partly nacreous shell structure; Mantle lobes that	that	PRON	are	AUX	 are
Rhabdomyolysis is recognized in horses. Horses can develop a number of muscle disorders, many of which may progress to rhabdomyolysis. Of these, some cause isolated attacks of rhabdomyolysis (e.g., dietary deficiency in vitamin E and selenium, poisoning associated with pasture or agricultural poisons	poisons	NOUN	such	ADJ	 such
Despite one document referring to both as " social landmarks ", they have experienced a significant downturn in recent years and their future is extremely uncertain. The Brown Jug has been closed and derelict for several years; in 2009 an application was made to convert the property	property	NOUN	into	ADP	 into
Although in his preface, Barker cites his primary source of inspiration as John Smith's The Generall Historie of Virginia (1624), he was likely more influenced by a series of popular books by John Davis, including, Travels of Four Years and a Half in	in	ADP	the	DET	 the
Seventy two players have been selected in the NBA draft, while 32 players have been honored as All Americans. Duke's program is one of only two to have been to at least one Final Four and one National Championship game in each of the past five decades	decades	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
One of de Havilland's most noted performances during this period was in Guy Green's romantic drama Light in the Piazza (1962) with Rossano Brazzi. Filmed in Florence and Rome, and based on Elizabeth Spencer's novel of the same name, the film is	is	AUX	about	ADP	 about
Candidates for the Senate members (senators) were appointed by the king for a lifetime from a list prepared by a Senate, and had to be at least 35 years old. While the Constitution of Congress Poland was relatively liberal in theory, and gave the Sejm	Sejm	PROPN	significant	ADJ	 significant
Changes include Indir's death, which occurs early in the novel at a village shrine in the presence of adults, while in the film Apu and Durga find her corpse in the open. The scene of Apu and Durga running to catch a glimpse of the train	train	NOUN	is	AUX	 is
Clarke travelled to Lisbon on 22 August 1941 aiming, as with his earlier Turkey trip, to open up lines of deception into Axis forces. He spent around a month in the area, posing as a flamboyant journalist, before being summoned back to London. His	His	PRON	successful	ADJ	 successful
It has supported a Democrat for president only three times since 1960. In 1976 and 1980, native son Jimmy Carter carried the state; in 1992, the former Arkansas governor Bill Clinton narrowly won the state. Generally, Republicans are strongest in the predominantly white suburban	suburban	ADJ	(	PUNCT	 (
It is a misfortune in any case that this trial should be departed from, yet in some cases it is necessary. It must be therefore left to the discretion of the legislature to modify it according to circumstances. This is a complete and satisfactory answer. Virginia	Virginia	PROPN	ratified	VERB	 ratified
The office soon sported comfortable furniture, a hot plate, and free food; within a few months, 200 Torontonians had opened their homes to war resisters and a job finding service had been established. Finally, rather than expressing indifference to reporters, Satin courted them	them	PRON	,	PUNCT	,
It has over 38,000 feet (12,000 m) of water slides, shops, and a wave pool. There are 237 guest rooms and luxury suites. Castaway Bay has five restaurants, including a Quaker Steak and Lube. Castaway Bay is also the location of Castaway	Castaway	PROPN	Bay	PROPN	 Bay
Additional drum pedals and a splitter, to allow two pedals to be used, were made available upon the game's release and as part of pre ordering bonuses. While the game allows two guitar players to play lead and bass guitar, it does not give the	the	DET	players	NOUN	 players
The theological division between neonomian and antineonomian tendencies in the kirk were highlighted by the Marrow Controversy. The Marrow of Modern Divinity was a mid seventeenth century book with an antineonomian perspective that was reprinted in 1718 and promoted by Thomas Boston (1676 – 1732) and others	others	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
The effort of writing so much music in so short a time was not unusual for Handel and his contemporaries; Handel commenced his next oratorio, Samson, within a week of finishing Messiah, and completed his draft of this new work in a month. In accordance	accordance	NOUN	with	ADP	 with
The exhibit used music, photographs, and personal items to depict Lennon's life in New York, and a portion of the cost of each ticket was donated to Spirit Foundation, a charitable foundation set up by Lennon and Ono. Every time Mark Chapman has requested	requested	VERB	release	NOUN	 release
In late May, the U.S. Justice Department announced a 47 count indictment with charges of racketeering, wire fraud and money laundering conspiracy against 14 people. Arrests of over a dozen FIFA officials were made since that time, particularly on May 29 and December 3. By	By	ADP	the	DET	 the
An agreement was negotiated between Đurišić and General Biroli, the military governor and commander of Italian troops in Montenegro. This agreement, signed by Đurišić, also related to the area of operations of the 19th Infantry Division Venezia. The Italians agreed to supply Đurišić and his	his	PRON	troops	NOUN	 troops
Stoker said in his notes that Dracula represented the quintessential male which, to Stoker, was Whitman, with whom he corresponded until Whitman's death. Other admirers included the Eagle Street College, an informal group established in 1885 at the home of James William Wallace in	in	ADP	Eagle	PROPN	 Eagle
A few hundred different agents have been implicated with the most common being: isocyanates, grain and wood dust, colophony, soldering flux, latex, animals, and aldehydes. The employment associated with the highest risk of problems include: those who spray paint, bakers	bakers	NOUN	and	CCONJ	 and
Critics have described the anime adaptation as having a very slow pace but having a beautiful musical score. Carl Kimlinger from Anime News Network faulted the director, Koichi Mashimo, for " downshifting the plot's energy " and as having " too many flashbacks, too many	many	ADJ	slow	ADJ	 slow
It connected U.S. Route 20 (US 20) to downtown Syracuse via Skaneateles, Camillus, Manlius, and Cazenovia in Onondaga County and Madison County. The highway began at an intersection with US 20 and NY 321 in the village of Skaneateles and ended at a junction	junction	NOUN	with	ADP	 with
Bach structured the cantata in five movements and scored it for a soprano soloist and a Baroque orchestra of trumpets (Tr), two violins (Vl), viola (Va), and basso continuo (Bc). The title of the autograph score reads:	:	PUNCT	"	PUNCT	 "
In 1864, unhappy with the direction of the General Synod and its seminary at Gettysburg, the Ministerium established a new seminary in Philadelphia, and asked Charles Porterfield Krauth to head the seminary (now known as the Lutheran Theological Seminary at Philadelphia). This was followed	followed	VERB	,	PUNCT	,
Upon finding out these circumstances, Ben strangles Lodz to death, reviving Ruthie in the process. Nevertheless, Lodz repeatedly appears to Ruthie and leaves her the message " Sofie is the Omega " on a mirror. Using Ruthie's body, Lodz also visits his lover	lover	NOUN	Lila	PROPN	 Lila
12 days later, in a game against the Portland Trail Blazers, Duncan became the 94th player in NBA history to play 1,000 games. Through his 1,000th game, the Spurs have been 707 – 293; only Scottie Pippen (715 – 285) had a better	better	ADJ	record	NOUN	 record
This gave the Moors the opportunity to invade Hispania and pursue a course of dividing and conquering the Christian factions. Following a raid in 710, a predominately Berber army under the command of Tariq ibn Ziyad crossed from North Africa in April 711 and landed somewhere in the	the	DET	vicinity	NOUN	 vicinity
The miracle which was used to confirm his beatification was the July 1948 cure of intestinal tuberculosis in Angela Testoni, and in August 1950, the cure of calcification of the arteries / sclerosis of Francis Ranier was attributed to Kolbe's intercession. After his canonization, St.	St.	PROPN	Maximilian	PROPN	 Maximilian
This is a very high rate of downcutting, about the same rate as occurred in Grand Canyon during its most rapid period of erosion. About 1 million years ago, Zion Canyon was only about half as deep as it is today in the vicinity of Zion Lodge	Lodge	PROPN	.	PUNCT	.
Detzel and Wink (1993) published an extensive review of 63 types of plant allelochemicals (alkaloids, terpenes, glycosides, etc.) and their effects on bees when consumed. It was found that 39 chemical compounds repelled bees (primarily alkaloids, coumarins, and	and	CCONJ	saponins	NOUN	 saponins
Latin versions of both had recently been published in Lyon, and extracts from both are paraphrased (in the second case almost literally) in his first two verses, the first of which is appended to this article. While it is true that Nostradamus claimed in 1555	1555	NUM	to	PART	 to
They are cut, cleaned and then painted with natural pigments during a ceremonial camp. The Aboriginal Memorial decorations reflect traditional clan designs and significant dreamings for which the artists had responsibility. The creators of the Aboriginal Memorial always intended that it be publicly displayed, and in	in	ADP	1987	NUM	 1987
The player character is not chosen directly; instead, a decision the player makes during a blackout in the beginning of the game determines who they will play as. Ever 17 is set in Japan, in the underwater marine theme park LeMU, 51 meters below the	the	DET	surface	NOUN	 surface
For the main characters ' gameplay models, the team adapted the models used in the original cutscenes, as they were more detailed than the original gameplay models due to a higher polygon count. Tabata wanted the main characters to remain as true as possible to their original	original	ADJ	appearances	NOUN	 appearances
Despite this, Thomas Leuluai replaced Tomkins for the team's next match against Warrington, meaning Tomkins would have to wait for his Super League debut. He played out the rest of the 2008 season in the reserves, some of his highlights including a hat trick against	against	ADP	Castleford	PROPN	 Castleford
" She most notably performed the song on her first headlining The Fame Ball Tour. On the tour, it was preceded by the song " Paparazzi, " which ended with clicking cameras and a brief medley of " Starstruck " and " LoveGame. " The performance	performance	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
The plaintiff in Lines International argued that the guidelines adopted by the multi agency committee set up by the PSA, STPB and GSB were invalid as the committee had no existence at law. The High Court held that there was nothing unlawful or even intrinsically wrong with these	these	DET	government	NOUN	 government
One form of piggyback lens makes use of a soft lens with a countersunk central area to accept the rigid lens. Fitting a piggyback lens combination requires experience on the part of the lens fitter, and tolerance on the part of the person with keratoconus. Between 11	11	NUM	%	NOUN	%
These held very heavy weapons, including massive 12.5 inch, 38 ton (317 mm, 39,000 kg) rifled muzzle loading guns. As the century progressed, these too became outdated and lighter, quick firing guns were installed at the castle to replace them. The	The	DET	castle	NOUN	 castle
1UP.com called the scratch and sniff advertising campaign " infamously ill conceived ", and Digital Trends described the campaign as " bizarre " and " based around fart jokes ". GamePro reported that they received more reader complaints about the game's scratch and sniff ad than about	about	ADP	any	DET	 any
" ITV replied that the paint was non toxic, saying " While the animals may have looked quite dramatic in their new colours, they did not come to any harm ". The first international version of Red or Black? was the Ukrainian version Червоне або чорне	чорне	VERB	?	PUNCT	?
Levels are composed of nodes and lines, and presented like a board game with characters modelled as miniature figures. Enemy characters can be dispatched by moving onto the node they occupy during a turn, similar to chess. As the player advances through levels, new enemy	enemy	NOUN	types	NOUN	 types
Until the 1970s, all female undergraduate students, known as " Donaldas, " were considered to be members of RVC. Beginning in the autumn of 2010, the newer Tower section of Royal Victoria College is a co ed dormitory, whereas the older West Wing remains	remains	VERB	strictly	ADV	 strictly
They also start eating solid foods at this point, weaning at around six to eight months of age. The cubs stay with their mother until the next litter is born in the following summer. Males rarely help raise the young, and only if they live in	in	ADP	pairs	NOUN	 pairs
He has named some of his musical influences as classical artists such as Sergey Prokofiev, Igor Stravinsky, and Beethoven, movie composers like John Williams and Jerry Goldsmith, and jazz artists like George Gershwin and Henry McFeeny. While he would one day like to compose music	music	NOUN	not	PART	 not
This helped to reduce motion blur in the handheld's graphics. The unit's case was also redesigned to be more durable. Its approximate battery life is 15 hours. Koto Laboratories claims that the WonderSwan sold 10 million game cartridges in all. In developing games for	for	ADP	the	DET	 the
" Taylor York adds " A lot of people would hear the song and assume it would be about the story of people still being in love, but what was so appealing about Isaac's treatment is that he wanted to capture what love feels like... He had	had	VERB	so	ADV	 so
Banks also held a contest in which she asked budding producers to submit remixes of " Chasing Time ", with the winner receiving $10,000. Pitchfork Media included the track in their list of ' The 100 Best Tracks of 2014 '. In 2011, it was	was	AUX	reported	VERB	 reported
It was used at Dunblane Cathedral, built in the thirteenth century, particularly to decorate the nave and East end. At Fortrose in the Highlands the elaborate decoration of this style is still visible in the south aisle. One of the finest examples is Sweetheart Abbey near	near	ADP	Dumfries	PROPN	 Dumfries
His brother Noah, now called Gabranth and in the employ of Archadia, posed as Basch and slew the Dalmascan king and Vaan's older brother, Reks, who witnessed the crime. Basch was denounced by the Dalmascans as a traitor and reportedly executed by Marquis Ondore	Ondore	PROPN	.	PUNCT	.
Okedō come in short- and long bodied types. Tsuzumi are a class of hourglass shaped drums. The drum body is shaped on a spool and the inner body carved by hand. Their skins can be made from cowhide, horsehide, or deerskin. While the ō	ō	ADJ	tsuzumi	NOUN	 tsuzumi
The period of rule by Penda's descendants came to an end with his grandson Ceolred's death in 716, after which power passed to descendants of Eowa for most of the remainder of the 8th century. Penda's reign is significant in that it marks an emergence	emergence	NOUN	from	ADP	 from
The game ends with a post credits scene depicting Link and Epona back in the mysterious forest, resuming Link's search for his friend, as they ride off towards a mysterious light breaking through the thick forest. A drawing on a tree stump of Link, Tatl	Tatl	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
Although she had wanted to avoid the number motif of her debut, Adele considered " 21 " the most fitting title as it represented her age at the time of the album's composition, serving as an autobiographical period piece, and symbolised the personal maturity and artistic	artistic	ADJ	evolution	NOUN	 evolution
On 6 November, the brigade relocated to Kirkuk, unfurling its colors at Forward Operating Base Warrior. The brigade conducted route clearance and construction projects in northern Iraq, while partnered with Iraqi engineers. It replaced the 1st Brigade Combat Team, 10th Mountain Division in Kirkuk	Kirkuk	PROPN	and	CCONJ	 and
Members are not supposed to " sell " their services. McKinsey's consultants are expected to become a part of the community and recruit clients from church, charitable foundations, board positions and other community involvements. A 1993 profile story in Fortune Magazine said McKinsey & Company	Company	PROPN	was	AUX	 was
After Chamberlain became a permanent member, Underoath discussed the possibility of changing the name and becoming a new band. Ultimately, the members decided to remain as Underoath. After taking the end of 2003 off from touring to begin working on an album, the band scheduled	scheduled	VERB	time	NOUN	 time
Laurence can be heard briefly, shouting several times at the end of the song (the only recording on which Laurence is heard). Laurence left to start a family; her replacement: a returning Cindy Birdsong. Dismayed by this poor performing record and the lack	lack	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
The report also identified inadequate pre trip inspections and log book keeping, and the lack of a contingency plan in the event of poor weather. Transport Canada stated that although they put an added emphasis on some factors, their report was consistent with the RCMP's.	.	PUNCT	They	PRON	 They
Jack's Boston office is a duplication of his New York one. When Liz enters, Jack asks her if she can tell which seven items are different, prompting the two to look into the camera and smile and thus breaking the fourth wall, a term used	used	VERB	when	SCONJ	 when
Tim Goodman of the San Francisco Chronicle felt that " The Aftermath " was only " minorly more funny " than the pilot. He praised Baldwin and Morgan, but said that the rest of the episode was " weak ". Goodman felt that Fey could " fix	fix	VERB	"	PUNCT	 "
Innovations continued, notably the German invention of the mortar, a thick walled, short barrelled gun that blasted shot upward at a steep angle. Mortars were useful for sieges, as they could hit targets behind walls or other defences. This cannon found more use with	with	ADP	the	DET	 the
The mid tempo ballad ' Shoo Bee Doo ' and a soulful cover of Rose Royce's ' Love Don't Live Here Anymore ' proved Madonna could churn out more than just novelty hits, while the sugary ' Angel ' and the irresistible ' Dress You Up '	'	PUNCT	contributed	VERB	 contributed
A self help guru, Leslie Freemont, enters with his assistant Tara to welcome Rick into his empowerment program; Leslie gives a speech to the group, takes Rick's money, and leaves. Meanwhile, oil prices rapidly increase and explosions start to occur outside.	.	PUNCT	With	SCONJ	 With
Metroid Prime 2: Echoes Samus is sent to investigate the planet Aether after a squad of GF Marines was lost there. Samus finds them all dead, killed by several creatures, mostly by an evil race called the Ing. The Ing possess life forms, transforming	transforming	VERB	them	PRON	 them
The tour included three matches against a South African national team which were deemed to be Tests, but by this stage of the tour Hewett had left South Africa, and he thus completed his cricket career without any Test appearances. He played his final first class match	match	NOUN	in	ADP	 in
During the Siege of Sarajevo, the hills became a battleground and have since not been used. However, there are plans to rebuild the in run, expand the large hill and build new spectator stands and visitor facilities. The Malo Polje area of Igman has traditionally	traditionally	ADV	been	AUX	 been
The system is owned by Transport for Greater Manchester (TfGM) and operated and maintained under contract by RATP Group. In 2015 / 16, 34.3 million passenger journeys were made on the system. The network consists of seven lines which radiate from Manchester city centre to	to	PART	termini	VERB	 termini
Their " popish " overtones led to them being damaged by an occupying Covenanter army in 1640. From the seventeenth century there was elaborate use of carving in pediments and fireplaces, with heraldic arms and classical motifs. Plasterwork also began to be used, often depicting flowers	flowers	NOUN	and	CCONJ	 and
This meant that they were large enough for sustained fast running with heavy passenger trains, yet small enough to allow them to undertake more mundane tasks such as freight haulage. The design also featured raised running plates above the wheels, which allowed easy access to the inside	inside	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
Scientists once believed that the distinct status of some subspecies could be justified by morphology, including the size of the mane. Morphology was used to identify subspecies such as the Barbary lion and Cape lion. Research has suggested, however, that environmental factors such as average	average	ADJ	ambient	ADJ	 ambient
She is often also shown in peril: being chased, falling off a boat, or hanging by a rope from rafters. These covers are " characterized by frenetic energy on Nancy's part; whether she is falling, limbs flailing, an alarmed look on her	her	PRON	face	NOUN	 face
The tour included the band's first performance in China. Reznor continued to tour with the same band he concluded the previous tour with: Aaron North, Jeordie White, Josh Freese, and Alessandro Cortini. The tour spanned 91 dates across Europe, Asia, Australia	Australia	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
After Bobby, the game was simply not the same. Fischer was a charter inductee into the U.S. Chess Hall of Fame in Washington, D.C. in 1985. After routing Taimanov, Larsen, and Petrosian in 1971, Fischer achieved a then record Elo rating of 2785	2785	NUM	.	PUNCT	.
In 1521, Portuguese explorer Ferdinand Magellan's expedition arrived in the Philippines, claimed the islands for Spain and was then killed at the Battle of Mactan. Colonization began when Spanish explorer Miguel López de Legazpi arrived from Mexico in 1565 and formed the first Hispanic settlements in	in	ADP	Cebu	PROPN	 Cebu
The BIA had also been attempting since 1874 to extend federal jurisdiction over major crimes to reservations, without any success. Beginning in 1882, the Indian Rights Association (IRA) also tried to extend federal jurisdiction, but in a different manner. The IRA believed that	that	SCONJ	the	DET	 the
Exports to Song Dynasty China included textiles, spices, medicinal plants, jewels, ivory, rhino horn, ebony and camphor. The same products also reached ports in the west such as Dhofar and Aden. The final destinations for those trading with the west were Persia	Persia	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
Its exact relationships within Titanosauria are contentious, but it may have been close to the North American Alamosaurus. All Opisthocoelicaudia fossils stem from the Nemegt Formation. Despite being rich in dinosaur fossils, the only other sauropod from this rock unit is Nemegtosaurus, which is known	known	VERB	from	ADP	 from
In addition, a second reconnaissance flight affirmed a lack of significant winds; it is estimated the cyclone lost tropical storm status around 1800 UTC that same day. On the morning of July 24, deep convection briefly redeveloped over the center as Bonnie emerged into the Gulf	Gulf	PROPN	of	ADP	 of
From that time till the end of 1961, Byron shaped much of her publicity. Byron appointed most people in her team — William Shiffrin (press agent), Greg Bautzer (attorney) and Charles Goldring (business manager), and constantly planted bits of publicity	publicity	NOUN	material	NOUN	 material
The experience of the Battle of the Somme led the German command to conclude that the policy of rigidly defending a trench position line was no longer effective against the firepower that the Entente armies had accumulated. Ludendorff published a new defensive doctrine in December 1916, in which	which	PRON	deeper	ADJ	 deeper
In 2008, Mitchell returned to Lakeland and bought a local barbecue restaurant called " Brothers ' Bar B Que. " In February 2009, Mitchell was under investigation when a package containing 7 pounds (3.2 kg) of marijuana was delivered to his business. Mitchell was	was	AUX	briefly	ADV	 briefly
The Honourable East India Company presented Nelson with £10,000 (£949,340 as of 2016) in recognition of the benefit his action had on their holdings and the cities of London, Liverpool and other municipal and corporate bodies made similar awards. Nelson's own captains presented	presented	VERB	him	PRON	 him
" All of Ledger's scenes appear as he completed them in the filming; in editing the film, Nolan added no " digital effects " to alter Ledger's actual performance posthumously. Nolan has dedicated the film in part to Ledger's memory. Gary Oldman as	as	ADP	Lt	PROPN	 Lt
The remnants of the former hurricane continued moving towards the north northwest before dissipating on September 17 over southern Kentucky. Although the US Navy reconnaissance plane recorded winds of 160 mph (260 km / h), the actual peak intensity of Ethel has been in dispute since	since	ADV	.	PUNCT	.
Produced on a $21 million budget, it went on to gross $83.1 million worldwide in theaters, making it the highest grossing R rated animated film of all time. The song " Blame Canada " earned Parker and Marc Shaiman a nomination for Academy Award for	for	ADP	Best	PROPN	 Best
At the conclusion of the season, the Alabama defense led the nation in every major statistical category, and was the first to do so since the 1986 season. Additionally, several players were recognized for the individual accomplishments on the field. Barrett Jones won both the	the	DET	Wuerffel	PROPN	 Wuerffel
Sapo National Park is a " regional centre of endemism " and biodiversity, at one time hosting around 125 mammal species and 590 types of bird, including a number of threatened species, such as the African golden cat, drill, Gola malimbe, Liberian mongoose,	,	PUNCT	white	ADJ	 white
And now, finally bringing her to her origin story – I think there's just a lot more emotional weight to it, because you already know her as just Skye, and now she will have this ability that she may not understand, that she may not	not	PART	want	VERB	 want
Whilst originally a school for boys only it diversified and, in the late 1990s, started also accepting girls between the ages of three and thirteen. The school is set in 30 acres (12 ha) of grounds on the outskirts of the town. The town	town	NOUN	's	PART	's
Critical opinions of the album have been mixed, but largely positive. Metacritic gave the album a rating of 68 out of 100, based on 12 reviews. AllMusic's Phil Freeman said that the album, which he gave 4 out of 5 stars, was well	well	ADV	worth	ADJ	 worth
In addition to his Norwegian decorations, Tronstad received the Order of the British Empire, Chevalier of the French Légion d'honneur and Croix de guerre and the US Medal of Freedom with bronze palm as well as the British Distinguished Service Order. A memorial stone was raised at	at	ADP	Syrebekkstølen	PROPN	 Syrebekkstølen
The defence commissioned a report from Peter Sutherst, a British forensic photographic expert, who was asked in 2008 to examine negatives of the kitchen taken on the day of the murders and later. In his report, dated 17 January 2010, Sutherst argued that scratch marks	marks	NOUN	in	ADP	 in
The album's singles contained four outtakes from the album sessions as b sides. Among those songs were the instrumental " Fela's Cock ", a cover of the Stooges ' " Search and Destroy ", " Sikamikanico " (which would also appear on the Wayne	Wayne	PROPN	's	PART	's
When, at the end of 2010, three men in three weeks committed suicide by jumping from the bridge, a campaign was set up by local residents for better anti suicide measures to be put in place. Hornsey Lane and the bridge marks the boundary between the	the	DET	Inner	PROPN	 Inner
They then go to the rink and continue to enjoy themselves, but forget to pick up Meg when they leave. After skating home in the rain, Meg asks the family for her own car. The next day, Peter takes his daughter to the local car	car	NOUN	showroom	NOUN	 showroom
The DragonFly developers use the Git version control system to manage changes to the DragonFly source code. Unlike its parent FreeBSD, DragonFly has both stable and unstable releases in a single source tree, due to a smaller developer base. Like the other BSD kernels (and	and	CCONJ	those	PRON	 those
Zatch arms Johnny and attacks him to prepare him for future challenges. Johnny is beaten repeatedly, but he is finally able to disarm Zatch. They rally the villagers and they travel to the coast opposite from an island that houses the royal city and Colonel Chi's	's	PART	dungeon	NOUN	 dungeon
According to Nixon biographer Roger Morris, the repudiation of NCPAC endorsements did not help Voorhis, as his actions " would seem to many a half guilty shedding of sinister backing he never had. To the end, as Chotiner had calculated, the PACs were hopelessly entangled	entangled	ADJ	.	PUNCT	.
In his last five seasons with Cleveland, he finished with losing records three times. After leaving the Indians, Garcia spent a season with the Chicago White Sox and a season with the Washington Senators. Garcia retired from baseball in 1961. He developed diabetes within a	a	DET	few	ADJ	 few
This view has mostly been discarded, primarily due to a period of archaeological discontinuity, during which settlements were absent or rare, and because of cultural incompatibility of the late ancient and early medieval sites. A 2011 article on the early Western Slavs states that the transitional	transitional	ADJ	period	NOUN	 period
More intense the emotions — like anger, greed etc. — at the time of binding the karma, the more intense will be its experience at the time of maturity. Pradesha (The quantity of the karmas) – It is the quantity of karmic matter that	that	PRON	is	AUX	 is
Eileen was acquired from the trash by Wilson, and features a rip in the canvas where someone slashed it with a knife even before the museum acquired it, " adding an additional element of drama to an already powerful work ", according to MOBA. The museum	museum	NOUN	offered	VERB	 offered
De Vosjoli writes that captive animals have been known to survive and thrive on eating nothing but whole rodent block, or monkey chow, and one instance of romaine lettuce with vitamin and calcium supplements. However, it is only recommended that captive iguanas are not fed lettuce	lettuce	NOUN	or	CCONJ	 or
Jackalow, having been moved to the Mercer jail, attended. U.S. Attorney Cannon stated that he needed three or four days to bring in witnesses from Connecticut and elsewhere. The grand jurors were sworn, and Justice Grier instructed them on the law, specifically the Act	Act	PROPN	of	ADP	 of
Trost based the opposing gangs ' outfits on American military uniforms of the American Civil War era. The 245's outfits were based on the uniforms of the Confederate Army, while the 248's outfits were based on those of the Union Army. The flags of the	the	DET	gangs	NOUN	 gangs
Jeremiah Horrocks (1618 – 3 January 1641) was born in Lower Lodge, Toxteth Park, now part of Liverpool; his father, James was a watchmaker, and his mother Mary (née Aspinwall) was from a notable Toxteth Park family. Several members of	of	ADP	the	DET	 the
The majority of the French attempts to reach the Caribbean ended in failure. Several ships were intercepted in the Bay of Biscay, while others reached the Caribbean, only to be defeated by ships from Cochrane's squadron, which was focused on preparations for the invasion of	of	ADP	Martinique	PROPN	 Martinique
" In 1902 he published The Art of Rugby Football, a coaching manual on rugby that also included accounts of his experiences as a player. According to journalist Hayden Meikle the book was one of rugby's " pioneering texts ", while Greg Ryan wrote that the	the	DET	book	NOUN	 book
The 2000 Mexican census reported about 70,000 members nationwide, and the 2010 census reported 188,326 members. The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter day Saints, whose numbers also differ significantly from those of the census — 1,234,545 compared to the census figure of 314,932 — said ambiguity	ambiguity	NOUN	in	ADP	 in
Author and former National Wrestling Alliance president Howard Brody alleges in his book Swimming with Piranhas that Robin was a victim of sexual abuse at the hands of her father. According to Brody, Robin was removed from her father's care when her mother discovered what had been	been	AUX	happening	VERB	 happening
Peniophora quercina typically grows upon dead wood, which can be attached to the tree or fallen, where it causes white rot. It favours oak, but can also be found on other deciduous trees, such as beech. P. quercina is known to be a pioneer	pioneer	NOUN	species	NOUN	 species
The festival is inspired by the ethos of the hippie, counterculture, and free festival movements. It retains vestiges of these traditions, such as the Green Fields area, which includes sections known as the Green Futures and Healing Fields. After the 1970s, the festival	festival	NOUN	took	VERB	 took
The band carried on, adding new members Chuck Leavell on piano and Lamar Williams on bass. Brothers and Sisters was largely recorded over a period of three months at Capricorn Sound Studios in Macon, Georgia. Lead guitarist Dickey Betts assumed the role of band leader,	,	PUNCT	and	CCONJ	 and
As Ravel's course progressed, Fauré reported " a distinct gain in maturity... engaging wealth of imagination ". Ravel's standing at the Conservatoire was nevertheless undermined by the hostility of the Director, Théodore Dubois, who deplored the young man's musically and politically progressive	progressive	ADJ	outlook	NOUN	 outlook
However, it is revealed that when the wiring is tampered with, they become violent attackers. The seal wins first prize at the Fair, to Lisa's disdain. When she goes to the Springfield Retirement Castle to whine about the injustice to Grampa, the seniors	seniors	NOUN	citizen	NOUN	 citizen
" Chung ying Cheng, a Chinese philosopher, views Taoism as a religion that has been embedded into Chinese history and tradition. " Whether Confucianism, Daoism, or later Chinese Buddhism, they all fall into this pattern of thinking and organizing and in this sense remain	remain	VERB	religious	ADJ	 religious
The song is also included in the video game Rock Band 2. The song has been covered for several tribute albums. A Gothic – Industrial Tribute to The Smashing Pumpkins features a dance music influenced version of the song by industrial band Shining. Solomon Burke Jr.,	,	PUNCT	the	DET	 the
The song was composed in the key of E minor, with a beat set in common time and a tempo moving at 124 beats per minute. " Get Sexy " makes use of techno synthesizers that are present immediately before the song's chorus, which has been	been	AUX	described	VERB	 described
Essentially, this means that the President's satisfaction is subjective, and not objective. The effect of this decision is that " the Constitution left it to the executive, and not the judiciary, to decide what national security required ". Subsequently, in Chng Suan	Suan	PROPN	Tze	PROPN	 Tze
1 gram (0.035 oz) of matter in the bomb is converted into the active energy of heat and radiation, releasing the energy equivalent to the detonation of 21 kilotons of TNT or 88 terajoules. The first plutonium core, along with its polonium beryllium Urchin initiator	initiator	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
Believing that it made an " important contribution " to Pagan studies and the anthropological study of magic, she nevertheless thought that Greenwood's subjective attitude was the book's shortcoming as well as its strength. Pike finds problems in Greenwood's insider outsider status, believing that	that	SCONJ	it	PRON	 it
Patrick Calhoun belonged to the Calhoun clan in the tight knit Scots Irish community on the Southern frontier. He was known as an Indian fighter and an ambitious surveyor, farmer, planter and politician. As a Presbyterian, he stood opposed to the Anglican elite based in	in	ADP	Charleston	PROPN	 Charleston
Sal Cinquemani from Slant Magazine felt the song " made Mariah likeable again " and wrote " [it's] an inspirational ballad that's equal parts ' Butterfly ' and ' Hero '. " A writer from the Sarasota Herald Tribune compared it to Carey's debut	debut	NOUN	single	ADJ	 single
The historian George Garnett draws the parallel between the treatment of King Harold in Domesday Book, where he is essentially ignored as king, and Stigand's treatment after his deposition, where his time as archbishop is as much as possible treated as not occurring. Stigand died	died	VERB	in	ADP	 in
Constantin von Tischendorf, Fragmentum Codicis Friderico Augustani, in: Monumenta sacra inedita (Leipzig 1855), vol. I, pp. 211 ff. Constantin von Tischendorf: Bibliorum codex Sinaiticus Petropolitanus. Giesecke & Devrient, Leipzig 1862. Lake, Kirsopp (1911)	)	PUNCT	.	PUNCT	.
In 2010, the ground played host to a play off against Romania, a game the home side won 2 – 1 in front of a then record all seated attendance for the stadium of 25,749. Most recently, in October 2012, the England U21s defeated their	their	PRON	Serbian	ADJ	 Serbian
The precise etymology is disputed, but hnefi certainly referred to the king piece, and several sources refer to Hnefatafl as " King's table ". In Anglo Saxon England, the term tæfl also referred to many board games. It is not known if the Anglo	Anglo	PROPN	Saxons	PROPN	 Saxons
She and her husband, Rostislav Mikhailovich were especially favored by Béla. Her great grandson, Wenceslaus — a grandson of her daughter, Kunigunda by King Ottokar II of Bohemia — was King of Hungary from 1301 to 1305. Béla's fourth child, Catherina died unmarried	unmarried	ADJ	before	ADP	 before
It was written by James Fauntleroy, Caroline Polachek, and Beyoncé while the latter two and Boots also served as its producers. Polachek worked on several songs for the singer's album with her bandmate from Chairlift, Patrick Wimberly, before " No Angel " was included	included	VERB	on	ADP	 on
Instead, Peter Pan was released on Blu ray as a Diamond Edition on February 5, 2013 to celebrate its 60th anniversary. A non Diamond Edition Blu ray was released in a few select European countries in March 2013. The Belgian edition (released without advertisements,	,	PUNCT	commercials	NOUN	 commercials
When it was time to write Life Is Peachy, we went back into the rehearsal studio and we wanted to take the elements that the fans liked and we liked about Korn and elaborate on some of those like Jonathan freaking out. " Twist " came to life	life	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
In 2012 he handed over the collection to his son, Hjörtur Gísli Sigurðsson (described by Slate as " the world's only hereditary penis museum operator "). It was relocated from Húsavík to Reykjavík's main shopping street at Laugavegur 116. Its former location in	in	ADP	Húsavík	PROPN	 Húsavík
2. Since 1980, survival suits have been required aboard ship in each crew member's quarters and at their customary work station with strobe lights affixed to life jackets and survival suits. 3. A LORAN C positioning system for navigation on the Great Lakes was implemented	implemented	VERB	in	ADP	 in
During the show, guest acts representing other countries partaking in Eurovision performed their entries and they included: Fabrizio Faniello of Malta with " I Do ", Sibel Tuzun of Turkey with " Süper Star ", Mihai Traistariu of Romania with " Tornerò ", Christine Guldbrandsen	Guldbrandsen	PROPN	of	ADP	 of
He twice refused British overtures hinting at dominion status, and instead pursued an initially semi independent Federation with the directly administered British colonies of Northern Rhodesia and Nyasaland. Mandated by the results of the 1953 referendum, Federation began later that year with Southern Rhodesia, the most	most	ADV	developed	VERB	 developed
Gray color in some diamonds from the Argyle mine in Australia is often associated with those hydrogen defects, but again, this assignment is yet unproven. When diamonds are grown by the high pressure high temperature technique, nickel, cobalt or some other metals are usually added	added	VERB	into	ADP	 into
In November 2006, her 1943 work Sugaring off became her highest selling work at US $1.2 million. The White House owns and displays her painting, Fourth of July. It also appears on a U.S. commemorative stamp that was issued in her honor in 1969.	.	PUNCT	The	DET	 The
Fanning worked with producer Tchad Blake and was funded by record label Dew Process. Sessions for the album began in February 2005 when Fanning and several other musicians recorded tracks at Blake's Brisbane studio. Four of these — " Not Finished Just Yet ", " Believe	Believe	VERB	"	PUNCT	 "
Bombay came into prominence in connection with the attempt of the Portuguese to capture Diu in 1530 31. Nuno da Cunha, the viceroy of Goa, commanded the largest fleet seen in India, which passed through Bombay Harbour. In March – April 1531, the Portuguese	Portuguese	PROPN	torched	VERB	 torched
As a result, owning and handling small amounts of thorium, such as a gas mantle, is considered safe. However, exposure to an aerosol of thorium can lead to increased risk of cancers of the lung, pancreas, and blood, as lungs and other	other	ADJ	internal	ADJ	 internal
The wave quickly developed into a tropical depression at 1800 UTC on September 5, while located about 180 mi (290 km) northwest of Dakar, Senegal. Shortly later, the depression produced squally weather in Cape Verde. Despite having sustained winds of only 25 mph	mph	NOUN	(	PUNCT	 (
During this tussle Booker pounded Cena's head into the ring steps before being reversed into them himself. The match then returned to the ring, which saw Booker and Cena getting the upper hand over one another. Cena took control as he performed several of his signature	signature	NOUN	moves	NOUN	 moves
He first played for West Indies in 1912 – 13 and, after the First World War, was chosen to tour England twice. He was moderately successful on the 1923 tour, but was less effective in 1928. Small played in the middle of the batting order	order	NOUN	;	PUNCT	;
In April 2013, Finding Dory, a sequel to Finding Nemo, was announced for a June 17, 2016 release. In March 2014, The Incredibles 2 and Cars 3 were announced as films in development. In November 2014, Toy Story 4 was confirmed to	to	PART	be	AUX	 be
Within two days the temperatures dropped and the volume of smoke was reduced. Although the fire was contained, miners still faced several obstacles, including roof collapses and large pockets of trapped firedamp. The first collapse consisted of more than 100 tons of debris, while another	another	DET	fall	NOUN	 fall
Marie in Michigan and Ontario. The governments on each side of the international border formed a bridge authority to build a highway bridge in 1935. Construction started on the structure September 16, 1960. The International Bridge is nearly three miles (4.8 km) long,	,	PUNCT	encompassing	VERB	 encompassing
" The Numismatist, in March and May 1913 editorials, gave the new coin a lukewarm review, suggesting that the Indian's head be reduced in size and the bison be eliminated from the reverse. With the coin now in production, Barber monitored the rate at	at	ADP	which	PRON	 which
The pulp magazine Argosy published an account of the incident in 1974. The 1977 science fiction film Close Encounters of the Third Kind featured a depiction of the Flight 19 planes being discovered in the desert and later their pilots are returned to Earth by peaceful alien captors.	.	PUNCT	In	ADP	 In
Merriam named it Bendire's shrew (Atophyrax bendirii) in appreciation of Bendire's contribution. Merriam reported that the animal represented a new genus, Atophyrax, deriving from the Greek and meaning " anomalous sorex ". The marsh shrew was later reclassified in the genus Sorex	Sorex	PROPN	.	PUNCT	.
She arrived at Toulon on 18 October where she was subsequently disarmed. In June 1941, Commandant Teste was reactivated as a gunnery training ship. She was at Toulon when the Germans invaded Vichy France and was scuttled there on 27 November 1942 to avoid capture by the	the	DET	Germans	PROPN	 Germans
Stefan drives a stake through Radu's heart and severs his head with a sword, killing Radu. Unfortunately for Stefan, Radu bites Michelle before his brother can kill him, which forces Stefan to turn Michelle with his own blood in order to keep her from becoming	becoming	VERB	like	ADP	 like
Gauguin shows her with long pale hair and large wild eyes. In Tahitian mythology Oviri was the goddess of mourning. Gauguin shows her either smothering or embracing a wolf with her feet, as she tightly clutches another wolf cub in her arms. Art historians have presented	presented	VERB	multiple	ADJ	 multiple
Eddie Campbell took Sim's personal advice to self publish the collected From Hell at the turn of the century. Sim also stirred considerable controversy, sometimes with the content of Cerebus, and sometimes with his editorials and personal interactions. David Boswell was amongst those in the	the	DET	1980s	NOUN	 1980s
Hours after attaining its peak intensity, Fred began to weaken as clouds began to fill the eye. By this time, the hurricane was beginning to turn toward the northwest as a subtropical ridge to the north weakened. Continued weakening took place as dry air started to	to	PART	erode	VERB	 erode
He closed to 80 yards and shot it down. It crashed in the area of Lymington. Cunningham's 9th victory was Werknummer 2857, code G1 + ES, belonging to 8. / KG 55. The Heinkel, piloted by Oberleutnant Günther von Seidlitz, crashed	crashed	VERB	onto	ADP	 onto
He acknowledges the brain drain trend, noting " there are more Malawian doctors in Manchester [England] than in Malawi ". In the third chapter Lewis examines how the UN, World Bank, and the International Monetary Fund (IMF) failed to fulfill promises of	of	ADP	free	ADJ	 free
The remix also peaked at number ninety on the Hot R & B / Hip Hop Songs chart. Elsewhere, the track peaked at number eighty nine in Japan and number ninety on the UK Singles Chart, but reached number twenty eight on the UK R & B	B	PROPN	Chart	PROPN	 Chart
At the same time she becomes the most elegant and highly sought after prostitute at The Pearl and her pimp's favourite. She becomes very proficient in pleasing men sexually but also remains childlike — she dries her face with her skirt and plays with its hem. Jason	Jason	PROPN	starts	VERB	 starts
The episode's Nielsen ratings at its initial airing were low but improved after subsequent airings on NBC. This episode has received more attention since. Tom Kenderson (Alan Autry), an old friend and baseball teammate of bartender Sam Malone (Ted Danson), announces	announces	VERB	in	ADP	 in
" The admission may have done Chekhov a disservice, since early manuscripts reveal that he often wrote with extreme care, continually revising. Grigorovich's advice nevertheless inspired a more serious, artistic ambition in the twenty six year old. In 1888, with a little string	string	NOUN	pulling	VERB	 pulling
Gian Gastone gave his all in reforming his realm, purging corrupt Churchmen from government, reversing Cosimo III's ban of teaching " new ideas ", i.e. the philosophy of Galileo et al., in the University of Pisa and abolishing the burdensome income taxes. As	As	ADP	a	DET	 a
In the late Middle Ages, the Western European nobility that used peregrines for hunting, considered the bird associated with princes in formal hierarchies of birds of prey, just below the gyrfalcon associated with kings. It was considered " a royal bird, more armed by its	its	PRON	courage	NOUN	 courage
Taraki sought to neutralise Amin's power and influence by requesting that he serve overseas as an ambassador. Amin turned down the proposal, shouting " You are the one who should quit! Because of drink and old age you have taken leave of your senses. "	"	PUNCT	The	DET	 The
As the children grew up, the Degrassi franchise developed into Degrassi Junior High and Degrassi High. In 1999 two episodes of Jonovision, a CBC Television talk show aimed at teenagers, reunited some of the cast members from the series. At the same time, Schuyler	Schuyler	PROPN	and	CCONJ	 and
The four engined chartered propliner departed Columbia, South Carolina, at 15: 24 EST, and landed in Newark, New Jersey, at 17: 37, where it picked up its first group of 26 passengers. It departed at 18: 22 for Wilkes Barre	Barre	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
The goal of Espejo's first three works was the intellectual improvement of Quito. El Nuevo Luciano de Quito ridiculed the outdated educational system maintained by the clergy. Espejo argued that the people of Quito were accustomed to adulation and that they admired any preacher who could quote	quote	VERB	the	DET	 the
The film stars Leonardo DiCaprio as a professional thief who steals information by infiltrating the subconscious, and is offered a chance to have his criminal history erased as payment for a task seemingly impossible: " inception ", the implantation of another person's idea into a target	target	NOUN	's	PART	's
The article featured their criticisms of U2 for the supposed poor treatment the Pixies received. Both U2 and the Pixies disagreed and were livid at Deal, particularly Pixies frontman Black Francis. In 1993, following tensions within the group, Francis announced the Pixies had dissolved.	.	PUNCT	In	ADP	 In
The black mamba's reputed readiness to attack is often much exaggerated and usually is provoked by perceived threats, such as blocking its intended retreat, accidentally or otherwise. For its slender body, the black mamba is deceptively powerful; it is the fastest moving snake indigenous	indigenous	ADJ	to	ADP	 to
This emerged shortly before Reyn Bardt went to trial, but he was convicted on the evidence of his confession. A year later a further discovery was made at Lindow Moss, just 820 feet (250 m) south west of the Lindow Woman. On 1 August	August	PROPN	1984	NUM	 1984
For instance, the Hungarian words for pig (disznó), castrated hog (ártány), ox (ökör), barley (árpa), garden (kert), plough (eke), weed (gyom), refuse of grain (ocsú),	,	PUNCT	fallow	ADJ	 fallow
R.E.M. did not tour to promote Out of Time; instead the group played a series of one off shows, including an appearance taped for an episode of MTV Unplugged and released music videos for each song on the video album This Film Is On. The MTV Unplugged	Unplugged	PROPN	session	NOUN	 session
" Stereogum was also impressed with the song stating it was a " sweet, savory dose of self referential, self deprecating Weezer rock... This stuff sounds very familiar in a good, good way. " NME described the song as having " [Cuomo's]	]	PUNCT	best	ADJ	 best
In her own words, she " rose up and challenged him in the presence of the rest of the coven. I told him that I was fed up with listening to all this senseless malice, and that, if a ' Night of the Long Knives '	'	PUNCT	was	AUX	 was
' Besides, I ’ m growing up, I ’ m not little anymore. [I just decided] two weeks ago. I really got irritable. It ’ s all these Lil ’ cats, forget it. I ’ m Bow Wow now. Everything	Everything	PRON	is	AUX	 is
Giant rosette senecios form single aged stands that drive community structure over decades. Many plant species in the Afro alpine zone of Mount Kenya are giant versions of lowland (or temperate) relatives. However, nearer the nival zone the plants decrease in size again. The	The	DET	majority	NOUN	 majority
The mixing of the fuel at Proxima Centauri's core through convection and its relatively low energy production rate mean that it will be a main sequence star for another four trillion years, or nearly 300 times the current age of the universe. Searches for companions orbiting Proxima	Proxima	PROPN	Centauri	PROPN	 Centauri
On December 28, 1933, Acting Secretary of the Treasury Henry Morgenthau ordered Americans to turn in all gold coins and gold certificates, with limited exceptions, receiving paper money in payment. Millions of gold coins were melted down by the Treasury in the following years.	.	PUNCT	Many	ADJ	 Many
The Kingdom was ruled by the Wodeyar dynasty, except for a brief period in the late 18th century when Hyder Ali and Tipu Sultan were in power. Patrons of art and culture, the Wodeyars contributed significantly to the cultural growth of the city. The cultural ambience	ambience	NOUN	and	CCONJ	 and
Along the Caribbean coastline of Honduras, about 1,000 shanty houses were destroyed. Overall, Marco caused nine fatalities in the country. In the Pacific and northern regions of Nicaragua, numerous houses washed away in the floods. In addition, Nicaraguan civil defense authorities reported two	two	NUM	fatalities	NOUN	 fatalities
" The perception grew that Romney was gaffe prone. The campaign, beset by internal rivalries, soon went through the first of several reorganizations. By then, Nixon had already overtaken Romney in Gallup's Republican preference poll, a lead he would hold throughout the rest	rest	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
As at Thermopylae, to make this an effective strategy required the Greek navy to stage a simultaneous blockade, barring the passage of the Persian navy across the Saronic Gulf, so that troops could not be landed directly on the Peloponnese. However, instead of a mere	mere	ADJ	blockade	NOUN	 blockade
His troops called themselves the " Blitzkruegers ". Krueger became commander of IX Corps on 31 January 1940. This corps was created to control units of the Third Army engaged in large scale maneuvers in 1940, in which Krueger's IX Corps conducted a series of mock	mock	ADJ	battles	NOUN	 battles
On average, seven Auburn High students earn National Merit Finalist status each year, and, in 2006, 92 students were named AP Scholars by the College Board. Three Auburn High alumni have been named Fulbright Scholars, two Truman Scholars, one alumnus a Marshall Scholar	Scholar	PROPN	and	CCONJ	 and
Whether or not a gluten free diet brings this risk back to baseline is not clear. Long standing and untreated disease may lead to other complications, such as ulcerative jejunitis (ulcer formation of the small bowel) and stricturing (narrowing as a result of scarring with	with	ADP	obstruction	NOUN	 obstruction
Walters and Segev both noted inconsistencies between Wiesenthal's stories and his actual achievements. Segev concluded that Wiesenthal " lied as often as he did " because of his storytelling nature and survivor guilt. Daniel Finkelstein described Walters ' research in Hunting Evil as impeccable and quoted Ben	Ben	PROPN	Barkow	PROPN	 Barkow
" Suggesting that the monument was constructed on agricultural land, in his published report Bennett cited the ideas of anthropologist James Frazer in The Golden Bough to suggest that the Coldrum Stones " monument may at one time have been dedicated, though not necessarily initially so, to	to	ADP	the	DET	 the
Yoshimura said the firefighters who appeared to be running in the episode were actors, while the real firefighters walked slowly because, based on their real life experience, they knew there would be no need to rush in a situation involving a fatality. Although power on the	the	DET	railings	NOUN	 railings
No known record survives of Revithi's life after her run. According to contemporary sources, a second woman, " Melpomene ", also ran the 1896 marathon race. There is debate among Olympic historians as to whether or not Revithi and Melpomene are the same person	person	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
Mrs Poulteney – a wealthy widow and, at the beginning of the novel, the employer of Sarah Woodruff. Hypocritical, and hypersensitive, her character fulfills the archetype of high society villainess. Mary – stereotypical lower class servant to Ernestina Freeman and future wife to Sam	Sam	PROPN	Farrow	PROPN	 Farrow
Touring partners Bleed the Sky assisted in replacing members for live shows. Bassist Disco Daylen took to the stage replacing Henno and guitarist Kyle Moorman assisted with the replacement of the guitarist by playing half the set and Rafferty would play the other. Santos asked Rafferty if he	he	PRON	knew	VERB	 knew
Improvements were made on this northern route, and on August 15, 1970, the Yellowhead Route was officially opened. This road was fully paved.... In 1978 when # 14 became part of the Yellowhead Route the number was changed to 16. The Yellowhead Regional Economic	Economic	PROPN	Development	PROPN	 Development
In June, Maté won the final stage at the Route du Sud, coming best in a five man breakaway sprint. Keukeleire, a prolific winner in his neo pro season of 2010 but shut out in the first several months of 2011, took his first win	win	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
Only about 3% of the total installed base of AC motors are provided with AC drives. However, it is estimated that drive technology is adopted in as many as 30 40% of all newly installed motors. An energy consumption breakdown of the global population of	of	ADP	AC	PROPN	 AC
For his seven group leaders he had John H. Williams, Robert R. Wilson, John H. Manley, Darol K. Froman, Emilio G. Segrè, Bruno B. Rossi and Donald W. Kerst. Bacher worked closely with Oppenheimer, and the two men discussed the project's progress	progress	NOUN	on	ADP	 on
LIGO made its first detection on 14 September 2015, observing gravitational waves from a binary black hole. A second gravitational wave was detected on 26 December 2015 and additional observations should continue but gravitational waves are extremely difficult to detect. Combining observations made using electromagnetic radiation,	,	PUNCT	neutrinos	NOUN	 neutrinos
Union Boulevard continues over Monocacy Creek, which forms the border between Lehigh and Northampton Counties, and ends in downtown Bethlehem. The highway attracts more than the average traffic for roads in the Lehigh Valley. An average of 21,018 vehicles use it in South Whitehall Township and	and	CCONJ	21,706	NUM	 21,706
It peaked the following week at 174 before dropping off the charts. It was on the Independent Albums chart for 10 weeks, reaching 18. While Byrne and Eno did a few interviews for the album and subsequent tour, the two attempted to market the album via	via	ADP	word	NOUN	 word
The families were given " generous financial assistance ", and in return had to " commit to providing community service, from maintaining the eruv enclosure that's due to be completed within the month to assisting in kosher supervision at a local supermarket. " According to Topolosky	Topolosky	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
Notable people to have been born or lived in Summer Hill include: Normand Henry Baker (1908 – 1955), Archibald Prize winning artist. Dr John Belisario (1820 – 1900), dentist at the later end of the 19th century, recorded as living in	in	ADP	Summer	PROPN	 Summer
Lichtenstein's method entailed " strengthening of the formal aspects of the composition, a stylization of motif, and a ' freezing ' of both emotion and actions ". Although comic book panels depict a moment in time, Drowning Girl is borrowed from an example of a	a	DET	comic	ADJ	 comic
" Blamey told Burston. Blamey took over command of New Guinea Force, but not I Corps. The difference was academic insofar as there was only one staff. Blamey wrote a letter to Rowell to explain the situation in advance of his arrival in Port Moresby on	on	ADP	23	NUM	 23
Reduced charges are available to users with a pre pay account and holders of DART Tags, a device held in a vehicle that is detected at the payment booth, automatically deducting the charge from a pre paid account. The charges for the crossing as of November 2014	2014	NUM	are	AUX	 are
Early on in the creation of Adam, the producers had an interest in casting Penry Jones for the role; however, it took the actor three auditions until the producers finally decided to cast him. Unlike Tom, Adam would have a different character dynamic; he	he	PRON	has	VERB	 has
An oral ETEC vaccine candidate consisting of rCTB and formalin inactivated E. coli bacteria expressing major CFs has been shown in clinical trials to be safe, immunogenic, and effective against severe diarrhoea in American travelers but not against ETEC diarrhoea in young children in Egypt. A modified	modified	ADJ	ETEC	PROPN	 ETEC
He was so immersed in his studies that he took up the habit of dressing in Arab clothing and calling himself Al Seghir, the Arab translation of le jeune. He divided his time between the College of France, the Special School of Oriental Languages, the National	National	PROPN	Library	PROPN	 Library
According to palaeontologist and author Kathleen Hunt, Samotherium split into Okapia (18 million years ago) and Giraffa (12 million years ago). However, another author J. D. Skinner argued that Canthumeryx gave rise to the okapi and giraffe through the latter three genera and	and	CCONJ	that	SCONJ	 that
He got New York Congressman John Dow to testify that the war had soaked up funding for public buildings, thus making discussion of the war relevant to the committee. He began reading from the papers with the press in attendance, omitting supporting documents that he felt might	might	AUX	compromise	VERB	 compromise
The episode was generally well received by television critics. In a review by the Toronto Star, Ben Rayner commented that " Two Dozen and One Greyhounds " was one of his favorite episodes of the series, and concluded that Mr. Burns ' " tour de force "	"	PUNCT	performance	NOUN	 performance
Coburn generated controversy after the race, when he said the current Triple Crown system allowed " the coward's way out " because fresh horses who had not run in the Kentucky Derby or Preakness Stakes could challenge horses who contested all three legs. Sherman downplayed the outburst	outburst	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
The live releases were entitled Live Trax and Live Trax II, the first being released on June 30, 1998, while the second was released as a bonus disc to Cryptic Writings in 1998. An instrumental EP entitled Cryptic Sounds: No Voices in Your Head was	was	AUX	released	VERB	 released
In federal politics, the suburb is part of the division of Sturt, and has been represented by Christopher Pyne since 1993. The results shown are from the closest polling station to Waterfall Gully — which is located outside of the suburb — at St David's Church	Church	PROPN	Hall	PROPN	 Hall
In fact, Steiner was not that interested in the Internet when he drew the cartoon, and although he did have an online account, he recalled attaching no " profound " meaning to the cartoon; it was just something he drew in the manner of a "	"	PUNCT	make	VERB	 make
Developing into an offensive leader, Roberts scored more goals (39) in 1989 – 90 than he had points (38) the previous season. He scored his first career hat trick in a 6 – 2 win over the Edmonton Oilers on March 30, 1990	1990	NUM	.	PUNCT	.
And the costumes had to align closely to the live action design. " To maintain continuity between the two media, Lima brought in costume designer Mona May during the early stages of the film's production so the costumes would be aligned in both the animated and live	live	ADJ	action	NOUN	 action
2 / 3 of the left side hull plate in two parts. The aim of the project is a complete Tiger II in running order. Mantes la Jolie, France. A more or less complete, but wrecked, Tiger II (production turret) is buried	buried	VERB	under	ADP	 under
As a result, the ship's career during the war was limited. During the war, Regina Elena and her three sisters were assigned to the 2nd Division. They spent much of the war rotating between the bases at Taranto, Brindisi, and Valona, but	but	CCONJ	did	AUX	 did
The Boyz ' feud with the Mexican Mafia, known as " La Eme ", sent the Boyz looking for a new source of drugs, which the Israelis provided. The Abergils, along with Moshe Malul and Israel Ozifa, are also charged with smuggling cocaine and	and	CCONJ	hashish	NOUN	 hashish
The four strong party which visited London, as well as newly elected Alfred Ayrton made up five members of a 13 man sub committee which controlled club affairs. The first five, who also included J. Brunt, J.E. Fattorini, A.J. Foxcroft and J.T. Whyte, were	were	AUX	responsible	ADJ	 responsible
It connects to the Sognsvann Line in the west and the Grorud Line in the east; along with these two lines and the Common Tunnel, the Ring Line creates a loop serving both the city centre and Nordre Aker borough. The 5.0 kilometres (3.1 mi)	)	PUNCT	-long	NOUN	 -long
The portrait remained in the family from its creation, through a direct line of descent, to the 20th century. It was sold at public auction by Eldred's in 2006. Numerous internet sites misidentify a reversed 19th century black and white photograph of this portrait as	as	ADP	his	PRON	 his
Clarke was taken to London and interrogated by Myles at his house, for two days, but the cordwainer refused to cooperate. He was granted bail and returned to Abbotsbury. The three were charged with " wilful corrupt perjury " and tried on 6 September 1753 at	at	ADP	the	DET	 the
Collected Poems. Faber and Faber. ISBN 978 0 571 21654 3. The North Ship The Less Deceived The Whitsun Weddings High Windows Two appendices of all other published poems, including XX Poems Burnett, Archie, ed. (2012), The Complete Poems,	,	PUNCT	Faber	PROPN	 Faber
Kato planned the system around allowing players to avoid repetitive gameplay (also known as " grinding ") to gain combat experience. Hiromichi Tanaka likened the Elements system to card games, hoping players would feel a sense of complete control in battle. The team programmed each	each	DET	battle	NOUN	 battle
Following its single release, the song re entered the Billboard Hot 100 at number 94 on the week ending March 13, 2010. Its highest position on the chart while being released as a single was number 76 on the week ending April 10, 2010. The	The	DET	song	NOUN	 song
The design represents three elements; the band's stage lighting, the album lyrics, and Wright's request for a " simple and bold " design. The spectrum of light continues through to the gatefold – an idea that Waters came up with. Added shortly afterwards	afterwards	ADV	,	PUNCT	,
Nikephoros used the opportunity in the spring to rebuild the destroyed walls of the towns of Safsaf, Thebasa, and Ancyra, and that summer, he launched the first Byzantine raid in two decades against the Arab frontier districts (thughur) in Cilicia. The Byzantine army	army	NOUN	raided	VERB	 raided
Stackless Python is a significant fork of CPython that implements microthreads; it does not use the C memory stack, thus allowing massively concurrent programs. PyPy also has a stackless version. MicroPython is a lean, fast Python 3 variant that is optimised to run on microcontrollers	microcontrollers	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
A38 – A39. Report of the Constitutional Commission, 1966 [Chairman: Wee Chong Jin], Singapore: Government Printer, 1966, OCLC 51640681. Lua, Ee Laine; Sim, Disa Jek Sok; Koh, Christopher Theng Jer (1996), "	"	PUNCT	Principles	PROPN	 Principles
Triangular curves of constant width with smooth rather than sharp corners may be obtained as the locus of points at a fixed distance from the Reuleaux triangle. Other generalizations of the Reuleaux triangle include surfaces in three dimensions, curves of constant width with more than three sides,	,	PUNCT	and	CCONJ	 and
He continued in the team and in 1928 participated in a championship series between his team and the team of Guayama, where Ponce won on six games. In the last game of this series Coimbre pitched and won with a final score of 5 – 3, in	in	ADP	a	DET	 a
The main fleet remained near Sofala ten days undergoing repairs. The expedition then went north, and on 26 May reached Kilwa Kisiwani, where Cabral made an unsuccessful attempt to negotiate a treaty with its king. From Kilwa Kisiwani, the fleet departed to Malindi, which	which	PRON	was	AUX	 was
Two tornadoes in Southwest Florida extensively damaged 2 condominiums and at least 24 houses. A third tornado along the east coast of Central Florida caused minimal damage to trees and roofs. Minor flooding occurred in some areas due to rainfall reaching 9.48 inches (241 mm) in	in	ADP	Mayo	PROPN	 Mayo
Faversham holds two UK weather records. The first was when the UK's highest ever temperature was recorded on 10 August 2003, at 38.5° C (101.3° F). This was the first time the temperature had ever exceeded 100° F (38°	°	NUM	C	NOUN	 C
Former Secretary of the Interior Dirk Kempthorne initially studied the area for national monument status, but did not recommend it because Congressional action seemed likely. The 2015 bill passed after receiving increased attention when President Obama indicated he would designate a national monument in the area if the	the	DET	wilderness	NOUN	 wilderness
The four ships took part in the fleet sortie that resulted in the battle of Jutland on 31 May – 1 June 1916. The operation again sought to draw out and isolate a portion of the Grand Fleet and destroy it before the main British fleet could retaliate.	.	PUNCT	König	PROPN	 König
" Doherty also named Frank an " old favourite " of the series. Although Matt Buchanan from The Sydney Morning Herald admitted that he could not remember the name of the character that Papps " once pretended to be ". Helen Mitchell of the Evening Times said that	that	SCONJ	"	PUNCT	 "
The foreign exchange reserves of the Central Bank of Iceland fell by US $289 million during October 2008. During November, the real exchange rate (discounting inflation) of the Icelandic króna, as quoted by the Central Bank of Iceland, was roughly one third lower	lower	ADJ	than	ADP	 than
Musial was hitting.315 by late June, as the Cardinals resumed battling the Dodgers for first place in the National League (NL). The Cardinals took sole possession of first place on September 13, and when Musial caught a fly ball to end the first game of	of	ADP	a	DET	 a
Providence is home to the largest gay bathhouse in New England. During the summer months, the city regularly hosts WaterFire, an environmental art installation that consists of about 100 bonfires that blaze just above the surface of the three rivers that pass through the middle of downtown	downtown	NOUN	Providence	PROPN	 Providence
Sahasrahla, a descendant of those who forged the Master Sword, mentors Link on his quest. Series antagonist Ganon remains sealed in the Dark World. A Link to the Past is a prequel to the original The Legend of Zelda and Zelda II: The Adventure of	of	ADP	Link	PROPN	 Link
The episode " Dear Vikings " was nominated at the 61st Primetime Emmy Awards for Outstanding Special Class - Short Format Animated Programs. The show won the 2007 BAFTA Children's Awards for the International category. Tom Kenny was nominated at the 35th Annie Awards for Best Voice	Voice	PROPN	Acting	VERB	 Acting
Atari remade the game on numerous platforms. In 1977, Pong and several variants of the game were featured in Video Olympics, one of the original release titles for the Atari 2600. Pong has also been included in several Atari compilations on platforms including the Sega Mega	Mega	PROPN	Drive	PROPN	 Drive
While searching for a man worthy of Selma, Homer uses a computer enhanced overlay on his vision similar to characters from the films Westworld and The Terminator. Skinner sings the song " Inchworm " by Danny Kaye as he rings the bell to Patty and Selma's apartment	apartment	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
Two Nebraska players had nine tackles apiece, and one of those players, Octavious McFarlin, recorded two tackles for loss. Nebraska recorded three sacks of Jim Druckenmiller, while the Virginia Tech defense was unable to sack Scott Frost. The Hokies did manage seven tackles for	for	ADP	loss	NOUN	 loss
She displaced 17,290 long tons (17,570 t) at load and 20,700 long tons (21,000 t) at deep load, nearly 3,000 long tons (3,000 t) more than the earlier ships. Inflexible had two paired sets of Parsons direct drive turbines, each of	of	ADP	which	PRON	 which
The expansion of parish schools and reform of universities heralded the beginnings of an intellectual flowering in the Enlightenment. There was also a flowering of Scottish literature before the loss of the court as a centre of patronage at the beginning of the seventeenth century. The tradition of	of	ADP	church	NOUN	 church
Nests are usually found in tree holes with a minimum diameter of 5 cm (2.0 in), with a median of 13 cm (5.1 in), suggesting that this range in diameter of tree holes may be crucial for maintaining a healthy habitat. The gray	gray	ADJ	mouse	NOUN	 mouse
Shortly thereafter, it crossed and interchanged with Highway 401 at Exit 195. The highway ended just north of Highway 401 in Nilestown at an intersection with Middlesex County Road 29 (Hamilton Road). Highway 74 was established in mid 1937 when the New Sarum to Dorchester	Dorchester	PROPN	Road	PROPN	 Road
It finally turns out that he is of a higher rank than she. This is a parody of the Victorian " equality " drama, such as Lord Lytton's The Lady of Lyons (1838), where the heroine rejects a virtuous peasant who makes a similarly	similarly	ADV	moving	VERB	 moving
In 1068, Malcolm III of Scotland marched across the Scottish border to challenge the authority of William the Conqueror. Malcolm, accompanied by native insurgents and foreign supporters, was met by William's men in the area of Sheriff Hill and was decisively beaten. In the	the	DET	13th	ADJ	 13th
Iguanodon material has also been used in the search for dinosaur DNA and other biomolecules. In research by Graham Embery et al., Iguanodon bones were processed to look for remnant proteins. In this research, identifiable remains of typical bone proteins, such as phosphoproteins and	and	CCONJ	proteoglycans	NOUN	 proteoglycans
This statement announced the firing of the Hollywood Ten and stated: " We will not knowingly employ a Communist or a member of any party or group which advocates the overthrow of the government of the United States [...] " This marked the beginning of the Hollywood	Hollywood	PROPN	blacklist	NOUN	 blacklist
In March 2009, the decision was taken to write the Parker family out of the show after both Mignon and Steve Bastoni quit. Mignon wanted to return to her studies and she had had enough of Neighbours. Bridget died on screen on 21 July 2009 after suffering	suffering	VERB	internal	ADJ	 internal
The two protons released from QH2 pass into the intermembrane space. The third substrate is Q, which accepts the second electron from the QH2 and is reduced to Q. −, which is the ubisemiquinone free radical. The first two substrates are released, but this ubisemiquinone	ubisemiquinone	ADJ	intermediate	ADJ	 intermediate
It was released internationally in France and the United Kingdom in 1982, and broadcast on various American cable television channels. Its first official American release came in December 2008 when The Criterion Collection released the original uncut film to DVD. Critics praised the film's hard line	line	NOUN	look	NOUN	 look
Albert Grey, 4th Earl Grey, the Governor General of Canada, planned to donate a new trophy to serve as the senior amateur championship; however, Sir Montague Allan donated the Allan Cup before he could finalize his plans. Grey instead offered an award to the	the	DET	Dominion	PROPN	 Dominion
Following the arrival of dispatches from France that included the possibility of support from the French West Indies fleet of the Comte de Grasse, Washington and Rochambeau decided to ask de Grasse for assistance either in besieging New York, or in military operations against a British army operating	operating	VERB	in	ADP	 in
Work on establish an administration was initiated by Adolf Erik Nordenskiöld in 1871. After contacting the invested governments, he concluded that only Russia and Norway would object to an annexation of the island. Fridtjof Nansen's endeavors raised the Norwegian public's consciousness of the Arctic,	,	PUNCT	which	PRON	 which
Vesuvio was also armed with four 14 inch (356 mm) torpedo tubes. One was mounted in the bow underwater and the other three were above water. She was protected with an armored deck below the waterline with a maximum thickness of 1.5 inches (38 mm	mm	NOUN	)	PUNCT	)
Adams ' preoccupation with political and governmental affairs – which caused considerable separation from his wife and children – ironically had a distinct familial context, which he articulated in 1780: " I must study Politicks and War that my sons may have the liberty to study Mathematicks and	and	CCONJ	Philosophy	NOUN	 Philosophy
This survey party discovered (incorrectly) that the northern limit of the Merrimack was near what is now known as Lake Winnipesaukee in New Hampshire. An east west boundary at this latitude was found to include a number small settlements in what is now southern Maine. Endecott	Endecott	PROPN	sent	VERB	 sent
In 2014, Dr. Dre was ranked as the second richest figure in the American hip hop scene by Forbes with a net worth of $550 million; he is at the top of the 2015 Forbes list, with an estimated pre tax take of $620 million	million	NUM	in	ADP	 in
" Metacritic, which uses a weighted average, assigned a score of 75 out of 100, based on 22 critics, indicating " generally favorable reviews ". In reviews for the first five episodes of the series, Brian Lowry of Variety felt that " Compared to	to	ADP	Marvel	PROPN	 Marvel
In these works Weber described what he saw as society's movement towards rationalisation. Similarly, rationalisation could be seen in the economy, with the development of highly rational and calculating capitalism. Weber also saw rationalisation as one of the main factors setting the European West apart	apart	ADV	from	ADP	 from
" Encouraged by Magoffin's rebuff of Lincoln, Confederate Secretary of War LeRoy Pope Walker requested Kentucky troops for the southern cause a week later, but Magoffin similarly refused him. Magoffin called another special session of the legislature in May 1861. Again, the legislators refused	refused	VERB	to	PART	 to
The home kit consisted of the club's traditional red and white stripes and was based on the kit worn by the team in the early 1970s, chosen following a poll of fans the previous year. As the pre season programme got under way the club also revealed	revealed	VERB	a	DET	 a
With this, she was accused of lying but, even at this point, Winthrop and a few of the ministers wanted her soul redeemed because of her significant evangelical work before she " set forth her owne stuffe ". To these sentiments, Shepard vehemently argued that	that	SCONJ	Hutchinson	PROPN	 Hutchinson
Cover art was by Matt Cavotta, with interior art by Steven Belledin, Ed Cox, Wayne England, Emily Fiegenschuh, David Hudnut, Jeremy Jarvis, Doug Kovacs, John and Laura Lakey, David Martin, Dennis Crabapple McClain, Mark Nelson, James Pavelec,	,	PUNCT	Steve	PROPN	 Steve
Buhmaid is remembered by the opposition as a martyr, leader and symbol of peacefulness. Buhmaid (or Buhamaid, 28) was married and had three children. He lived in Malkiya, south west of Manama. According to his wife, he had strong ties with	with	ADP	his	PRON	 his
At the end of the series, she married Haruto and they have a son named Daiki. Ch. 141 In both Tatsunko Production's and Gonzo's anime, she is voiced by Megumi Nakajima. Hiroshima characters Takashi Yura (由良 尊, Yura Takashi) is	is	AUX	Haruto	PROPN	 Haruto
The main entrance is sited within a projected façade that reaches to the eaves and is topped with a pediment, while above sits a belvedere with turrets and a pavilion roof. During the First World War the hotel was used as a hospital for British and Indian soldiers	soldiers	NOUN	and	CCONJ	 and
At least two witnesses recalled seeing Smith with blood on him: a motorist who saw him buying petrol, and another who spoke with Smith about his appearance. Smith told the latter that he had been in a fight, although he had no visible signs of injury	injury	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
When playing vocals, a standard game controller, or Wii Remote on the Wii version, is necessary in order to navigate menus, select difficulties and pause. The microphone can also be used as a standard recording device when connected to a casual PC USB port.	.	PUNCT	The	DET	 The
The daikon varieties of radish are important parts of East, Southeast, and South Asian cuisine. In Japan and Korea, radish dolls are sometimes made as children's toys. Daikon is also one of the plants that make up the Japanese Festival of Seven Herbs (	(	PUNCT	Nanakusa	PROPN	Nanakusa
The magazine also praised the song for " lyrics [that] remain subtle but forthright in the song's positive message ". Michael Mehle of the Rocky Mountain News positively noted that the song possessed " Seal like R & B " qualities. Allmusic awarded the single	single	ADJ	two	NUM	 two
In a retrospective of the third season in Entertainment Weekly, " 731 " was rated a B. The review noted that the episode was " strangely tension free ", though it derided Scully's stubbornness to believe what the series had established as truth. Nick De Semlyen	Semlyen	PROPN	and	CCONJ	 and
The Senate passed an unchanged bill on January 22, 2010, with a veto proof two thirds ' majority, after an amendment to update the effective date was rejected. The measure moved for final approval to the House of Representatives, but on January 29, House	House	PROPN	Speaker	PROPN	 Speaker
They also found credit cards belonging to Sheila Damude and Gerard Lowe. In addition, police found Simon Davis ' birth certificate, and items that Martin had used to immobilise and kill: a hammer weighing 1.5 kilogrammes (3.3 lb), a battery operated Z Force	Force	PROPN	III	PROPN	 III
The epithelium on the margins of the ulcer shows spongiosis and there are many mononuclear cells in the basal third. There are also lymphocytes and histiocytes in the connective tissue surrounding deeper blood vessels near to the ulcer, described histologically as " perivascular cuffing ". Aphthous stomatitis	stomatitis	NOUN	has	AUX	 has
These flights validated the Service Module engine and the Command Module heat shield. A third Saturn IB test, AS 203 launched from pad 37, went into orbit to support design of the S IVB upper stage restart capability needed for the Saturn V. It carried a nosecone	nosecone	NOUN	instead	ADV	 instead
The Beacon Church meets at Briary School, Greenhill, Herne Bay. Herne Bay Evangelical Free Church meets in Sunnyhill Road. Herne Bay Christian Spiritualist Church is in Avenue Road. Herne Bay Festival happens every August with ten days of almost every event being free, including	including	VERB	live	ADJ	 live
The dopamine system plays a crucial role in several aspects of addiction. At the earliest stage, genetic differences that alter the expression of dopamine receptors in the brain can predict whether a person will find stimulants appealing or aversive. Consumption of stimulants produces increases in brain dopamine	dopamine	NOUN	levels	NOUN	 levels
The 2003 Texas redistricting of Congressional districts led by Republican Tom DeLay, was called by the New York Times " an extreme case of partisan gerrymandering ". A group of Democratic legislators, the " Texas Eleven ", fled the state in a quorum busting effort to	to	PART	prevent	VERB	 prevent
For instance, Ciceu, the last stronghold of Ladislaus Kán's sons surrendered in 1321. After the king's victory, one of his loyal adherents, Thomas Szécsényi was appointed voivode who suppressed a Saxon revolt in 1324. At that time, the autonomous Saxon province	province	NOUN	was	AUX	 was
Differential resistance is only relevant to time varying currents. Points on the curve where the slope is negative (declining to the right), meaning an increase in voltage causes a decrease in current, have negative differential resistance (<formula>). Devices of this	this	DET	type	NOUN	 type
Brought to London, she was moored on the River Thames near Tower Bridge in the Pool of London, in Southwark, London, England. Opened to the public in October 1971, Belfast became a branch of the Imperial War Museum in 1978. A popular tourist	tourist	NOUN	attraction	NOUN	 attraction
The day after the shooting, Pakistan's Interior Minister Rehman Malik stated that the Taliban gunman who shot Yousafzai had been identified. Police named 23 year old Atta Ullah Khan, a graduate student in chemistry, as the gunman in the attack. As of 2015 he	he	PRON	remained	VERB	 remained
The console has a number of internal features made available from its hardware and firmware components. The hardware allows for extendability (via expansion ports), while the firmware (and some software) can receive periodic updates via the WiiConnect24 service. The Wii Menu interface is	is	AUX	designed	VERB	 designed
Kato later returned to Square Enix as a freelancer to work on Children of Mana and Dawn of Mana. Mitsuda also expressed interest in scoring a new Chrono series game. In 2005, Kato and Mitsuda teamed up to do a game called Deep Labyrinth, and again	again	ADV	in	ADP	 in
Despite producing at a point per game in the AHL with Stockton, at the conclusion of the year, Raymond was placed on waivers by the Calgary Flames on June 29, 2016, and was bought out from the final year of his contract the following day.	.	PUNCT	On	ADP	 On
In 2007 Hareide announced that he had left politics for the time being to pursue a career in the national media conglomerate Schibsted, as an organizational director. His career in the company started with the position of trainee in 1997. Outside politics, his only paid full	full	ADJ	time	NOUN	 time
Bethe was elected Foreign Member of the Royal Society (ForMemRS) in 1957, and he gave the 1993 Bakerian Lecture at the Royal Society on the Mechanism of Supernovae. Cornell named the third of five new residential colleges, each of which is named after a distinguished	distinguished	ADJ	former	ADJ	 former
Idolator's Bianca Gracie described the album as " a refreshing listen that highlights the undeniable talent of both Bennett and Gaga and how well they work together ". Writing for the National Post, Mike Doherty observed that Gaga took " liberties with the beat, bends notes	notes	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
Ryan Newman clinched his second pole position of the season, with a time of 14.908. The time made a new track record, and became the first lap set under 15 seconds in the Winston Cup Series. He was joined on the grid's front row by	by	ADP	Jeff	PROPN	 Jeff
He finished the season tied for first in the Big Ten in rushing touchdowns by a quarterback with seven. His 65.7 completion percentage for 2009 ranked first in the Big Ten. His 414 pass attempts ranked third in the Big Ten and eighth among all quarterbacks nationally.	.	PUNCT	Kafka	PROPN	 Kafka
Grenades continued to develop, although still retaining some aspects of their medieval equivalents. The grenades carried on board British Royal Navy ships in the late 18th century and early 19th century were constructed from hollow cast iron, filled with gunpowder; the fuse was a hollow wooden	wooden	ADJ	tube	NOUN	 tube
In the 2015 edition of tournament, hosted by England, New Zealand once again won the final, this time against established rivals, Australia. In doing so, they became the first team in World Cup history to win three titles, as well as the first	first	ADJ	to	PART	 to
It is a site of international importance in terms of its archaeology and is scheduled as an Ancient Monument. Declared a Local Nature Reserve in 1990, the head and its surroundings form part of the Christchurch Harbour Site of Special Scientific Interest. It is also a Special	Special	PROPN	Area	PROPN	 Area
From 1901 to 1905, Michigan had a 56 game undefeated streak that included a 1902 trip to play in the first college football bowl game, which later became the Rose Bowl Game. During this streak, Michigan scored 2,831 points while allowing only 40. In 1906	1906	NUM	,	PUNCT	,
One of the youngest members of that body, his political activities acquainted him with many prominent politicians. In 1785, he married " Polly " Cabell, a member of the Cabell political family. Despite making a comfortable living through a combination of legal and agricultural endeavors	endeavors	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
The second wave of parachute troops were dropped in two groups to the west of the cemetery at about midday. The drop zone was within fields of fire of the Partisans to the west of Drvar, and they suffered many casualties during the drop. Collecting the remainder	remainder	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
Lying in the historical region of Epirus, it is the capital of Gjirokastër County. Its old town is a World Heritage Site described as " a rare example of a well preserved Ottoman town, built by farmers of large estate. " Gjirokastër is situated in a	a	DET	valley	NOUN	 valley
Originally the unit was composed of eight men, commanded by Julius Schreck and Joseph Berchtold, and was modeled after the Erhardt Naval Brigade, a Freikorps of the time. The unit was renamed Stoßtrupp (Shock Troops) in May 1923. The Stoßtrupp was abolished after	after	ADP	the	DET	 the
One hypothesis concerning the outer ring's blue colour is that it is composed of minute particles of water ice from the surface of Mab that are small enough to scatter blue light. In contrast, Uranus's inner rings appear grey. Uranus's rings In 1986,	,	PUNCT	NASA	PROPN	 NASA
On 10 July TF 38's aircraft conducted raids on airfields in the Tokyo region, destroying several aircraft on the ground. No Japanese fighters were encountered in the air, however, as they were being kept in reserve for a planned large scale suicide attack on the	the	DET	Allied	ADJ	 Allied
Research into new vaccines is particularly important, as current vaccines are very slow and expensive to produce and must be reformulated every year. The sequencing of the influenza genome and recombinant DNA technology may accelerate the generation of new vaccine strains by allowing scientists to substitute new antigens	antigens	NOUN	into	ADP	 into
Diorama received a score of 71 out of 100 on review aggregator Metacritic, based on nine reviews. Australian radio station Triple J listeners voted the album number one on their Top 10 Albums of 2002, while Triple J staff Rosie Beaton and Gaby Brown placed it third	third	ADJ	and	CCONJ	 and
A number of reviews were more critical of Haggard's work. Although the reviewer of She in Blackwood's Edinburgh Magazine considered it better than King Solomon's Mines, he opined, " Mr. Rider Haggard has not proved as yet that he has anything that can be	be	AUX	called	VERB	 called
In August 2008, Scudamore said that the League had " a whole host of ideas, some more radical than others, but none quite as radical as the original concept ". In October 2008, he said Game 39 was still a possibility, although the timing	timing	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
However, toxicologist Geoffrey Isbister has suggested IM antivenom is not as effective as IV antivenom, after finding that IM antivenom takes longer to reach the blood serum. These concerns have led two handbooks to recommend IV in preference to IM administration in Australian practice. Despite a	a	DET	long	ADJ	 long
Moreover, newly elected governor Preston Leslie had opposed a bill granting Cincinnati Southern's request when he was in the state Senate in 1869. In the lead up to the 1871 session, frustrated Central Kentuckians threatened to defect from the Democratic Party in future elections if the	the	DET	bill	NOUN	 bill
Later that day, it further weakened to a tropical storm. The storm re strengthened to a 70 mph (110 km / h) before reaching the Gulf of Mexico on September 4. Ella maintained this intensity for approximately 48 hours while moving west northwestward, but	but	CCONJ	began	VERB	 began
When writing the scientific name of an organism, it is proper to capitalize the first letter in the genus and put all of the species in lowercase. Additionally, the entire term may be italicized or underlined. The dominant classification system is called the Linnaean taxonomy.	.	PUNCT	It	PRON	 It
Record Mirror's reviewer speculated that the song " could either be a delicate and expensive sweet or a new dance. It could be a delivery on the pomposities of intricate desserts or a depiction of the ' upper ' class. " The writer then concluded: "	"	PUNCT	Whatever	PRON	 Whatever
Scharnhorst and Gneisenau operated together for much of the early portion of World War II, including sorties into the Atlantic to raid British merchant shipping. During her first operation, Scharnhorst sank the auxiliary cruiser HMS Rawalpindi in a short engagement. Scharnhorst and Gneisenau participated in Operation	Operation	PROPN	Weserübung	PROPN	 Weserübung
They in turn, influenced British authors of the first half of the twentieth century such as G. K. Chesterton, who introduced further anti German and anti Protestant bias into the interpretation of George's reign. However, in the wake of World War II continental European archives	archives	NOUN	were	AUX	 were
It also had a pintle built into the underside of the front of the mount. Two large rollers were fitted to the underside of the mount at the rear. Seven cars could carry a portable metal firing platform (Bettungslafette) that had a central pivot mount and	and	CCONJ	an	DET	 an
Aposematism always involves an advertising signal. The warning signal may take the form of conspicuous animal coloration, sounds, odours or other perceivable characteristics. Aposematic signals are beneficial for both the predator and prey, since both avoid potential harm. Aposematism is exploited in Müllerian mimicry	mimicry	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
North is portrayed by British actor Richard Armitage. The character is introduced in Spooks ' seventh series as the former head of Section D, who was captured and imprisoned during an operation in Russia. He returns to the UK after eight years and is eventually reinstated into	into	ADP	MI5	PROPN	 MI5
In contrast to the striped hyena, the ears of the spotted hyena are rounded rather than pointed. Each foot has four digits, which are webbed and armed with short, stout and blunt claws. The paw pads are broad and very flat, with the whole	whole	ADJ	undersurface	NOUN	 undersurface
Known as the engrossed copy, this is the famous document on display at the National Archives in Washington, D.C. In October 1777, after more than two years in Congress, President Hancock requested a leave of absence. He asked George Washington to arrange a military escort	escort	NOUN	for	ADP	 for
Consequently, the XLVIII Panzer Corps became embroiled in the defensive battles for the Chir River, as the Soviets pushed in an attempt to overrun the airfield at Tatsinskaya (being used to resupply German forces in Stalingrad by air). Although the LVII Panzer Corps was reluctantly	reluctantly	ADV	released	VERB	 released
Residents who have bought apartments next to the High Line Park have adapted to its presence in varying ways, but most responses are positive; some, however, claim that the park became a " tourist clogged catwalk " since it opened. The real estate boom has	has	AUX	not	PART	 not
Porter comments that " similar accounts... could be provided to show how widely and rapidly all [Verdi's] other successful operas were disseminated. " A period of hard work for Verdi — with the creation of twenty operas (excluding revisions and translations) — followed	followed	VERB	over	ADP	 over
Stretford's growth was fuelled by the transport revolutions of the 18th and especially the 19th century: the Bridgewater Canal reached Stretford in 1761, and the railway in 1849. The completion of the Manchester South Junction and Altrincham Railway (MSJAR) in 1849, passing through	through	ADP	Stretford	PROPN	 Stretford
" Jeremy Parish, writing for 1UP.com, said that though the Fire Emblem series had changed little over the years while holding a place of respect within the genre, the changes Intelligent Systems implemented made Awakening " an engrossing title that should enjoy impressive shelf life. "	"	PUNCT	His	PRON	 His
Although the poor sound quality limits its commercial appeal, the album provides historic insight into the group's club act in the period after Ringo Starr joined but before the emergence of Beatlemania. The Beatles were unsuccessful in legally blocking the initial release of the album; the	the	DET	recordings	NOUN	 recordings
Sadat wished to restore al Azhar as a symbol of Egyptian leadership throughout the Arab world, saying that " the Arab world can not function without Egypt and its Azhar. " Recognizing the growing influence of the Muslim Brotherhood, Sadat relaxed several restrictions on the Brotherhood and	and	CCONJ	the	DET	 the
The antibodies are soluble and do not require direct cell to cell contact between the pathogen and the B cell to function. Antigens can be large and complex substances, and any single antibody can only bind to a small, specific area on the antigen. Consequently,	,	PUNCT	an	DET	 an
By November 2012, the production team thought they had finally " cracked " the puzzle of how to make the film's story work, but according to Del Vecho, in late February 2013, it was realized that the film still " wasn't working ",	,	PUNCT	which	PRON	 which
While filming in Chicago, the film was given the false title Rory's First Kiss to lower the visibility of production, but the local media eventually uncovered the ruse. Richard Roeper of the Chicago Sun Times commented on the absurdity of the technique, " Is there	there	PRON	a	DET	 a
Ares was founded by Antony Ressler and John H. Kissick, both partners at Apollo as well as Bennett Rosenthal, who joined the group from the global leveraged finance group at Merrill Lynch. Ares I and II which were raised were structured as market value CLOs. Ares	Ares	PROPN	III	PROPN	 III
Each of these statues are 5 feet (1.5 m) high, and are seated on stone seats with a height of 2 feet 10 inches (0.86 m) each. Three concentric rows of stone columns had existed on the upper platform. Two of these rows	rows	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
Volunteers came forward and were accepted not from citizens of the city of Rome itself but from the surrounding countryside and smaller towns falling under Roman control. Whereas some long term military professionals were classed as veterans, they were outnumbered by civilians with limited military experience who were	were	AUX	in	ADP	 in
Also in January, the elected Jordanian prime minister and Nasser supporter Sulayman al Nabulsi brought Jordan into a military pact with Egypt, Syria, and Saudi Arabia. Relations between Nasser and King Hussein deteriorated in April when Hussein implicated Nasser in two coup attempts against him —	—	PUNCT	although	SCONJ	 although
In recognition of his tenacity in returning from cancer treatment, the league voted Koivu as the Bill Masterton Memorial Trophy winner for dedication and perseverance. The first outdoor hockey game in NHL history, the Heritage Classic, was held on November 22, 2003, in Edmonton	Edmonton	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
Fort Saint Louis was rediscovered by historians and excavated in 1996, and the area is now an archaeological site. In 1995, researchers located the ship La Belle in Matagorda Bay, with several sections of the hull remaining virtually intact. They constructed a cofferdam, the	the	DET	first	ADJ	 first
" Griffin describes himself as a " moderniser ", and " new nationalist ", and after his election as leader of the BNP, according to The Guardian contributor Francis Wheen, was " contemptuous " of the party's traditional supporters. He has changed the BNP	BNP	PROPN	's	PART	's
Afterwards, Edge proclaimed that it was the end of the " Cena era " in his life. Edge went on to unveil a new version of the belt, which had a spinning center plate of his " Rated R Superstar " logo. Later in the evening	evening	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
Small numbers also winter in northwestern Africa in Morocco, northern Algeria and Tunisia. Vagrants have reached northwest of the breeding range to Iceland, west on migration to the Canary Islands and Cape Verde, and south of the wintering range to northern South Africa. The whinchat	whinchat	NOUN	is	AUX	 is
After a long time of hiatus in her acting career, Cher returned to the screen in Burlesque, which co stars Christina Aguilera. It was released to adult contemporary radio station in the United States on January 15, 2011, as the first single from the soundtrack	soundtrack	NOUN	by	ADP	 by
Lyons Ruth has urged, however, that it should be more widely " recognized that 52% of disorganized infants continue to approach the caregiver, seek comfort, and cease their distress without clear ambivalent or avoidant behavior. " There is rapidly growing interest in disorganized attachment	attachment	NOUN	from	ADP	 from
After the final stage, season modes begins again with the same superstar chosen before, though the player has the option of switching superstars. The superstar is then a part of the WWE Draft Lottery and is assigned to a brand. Season mode was replaced with Road	Road	PROPN	to	ADP	 to
Like other buildings in the new World Trade Center complex, One World Trade Center includes sustainable architecture features. Much of the building's structure and interior is built from recycled materials, including gypsum boards and ceiling tiles; around 80 percent of the tower's waste products	products	NOUN	are	AUX	 are
From these recent captures, they targeted the flank of the Tel el Saba defences, causing the defenders ' fire to " slacken ". The Canterbury Mounted Rifles Regiment was, by now across the Wadi Khalil and firing on the rear of the Tel el Saba position	position	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
" Of Mice and Men " was selected as the second video from the album. In this video, the then new Megadeth lineup is shown performing. The majority of the video was filmed on January 20, 2005 in Los Angeles. Many fans turned up to	to	PART	be	AUX	 be
After the 25th Battalion crossed the Puriata, a patrol from the 61st strove for the Hari where they clashed with a group of between 15 and 20 Japanese holding an entrenched position. Upon establishing contact, the patrol's artillery forward observation officer called down indirect fire from	from	ADP	the	DET	 the
Thảo was promoted to the post of chief of Bến Tre Province. He covertly worked with the cadres of Nguyễn Thị Định, a Vietcong leader who later became the highest ranking female communist in post war reunified Vietnam. The area was a traditional communist stronghold, and	and	CCONJ	anti	ADJ	 anti
On April 3, the system was assigned a Dvorak rating of T2.0 and was respectively upgraded into a moderate tropical storm by the Météo France office on Reunion (MFR). However, the storm was not classified by the Joint Typhoon Warning Center (JTWC) until	until	ADP	that	DET	 that
She pitched the idea to her brother – music producer A.B. Quintanilla who began co writing the track with her and Selena y Los Dinos backup vocalist Pete Astudillo. Recording sessions took place in a San Antonio, Texas recording studio. Her husband, Chris Pérez wrote,	,	PUNCT	in	ADP	 in
He said that Edinburgh provided a sense of containment and a variety of architectural designs, which were combined with a futuristic vision which Antonov said was not comparable to the brass, rivets, and steam of steampunk design. Antonov and Mitton traveled to London and Edinburgh for	for	ADP	research	NOUN	 research
Extent of his brutality represented itself by running watermills by people's blood for three days and he fed his army with the bread made from that very bloody flour. But, Tabarestan remained invincible until the majority of Zoroastrians migrated towards India and the rest converted to Islam	Islam	PROPN	gradually	ADV	 gradually
The player assumes the role of Tomoya Okazaki, the protagonist of Clannad. Tomoya has been labeled a delinquent; at the beginning of the story, he even expresses hatred toward the city he has lived in all his life where Clannad is set. He is very	very	ADV	straightforward	ADJ	 straightforward
Cappadocian bishops were among those at the Council of Nicaea. Because of the broad distribution of the population, rural bishops [χωρεπισκοποι] were appointed to support the Bishop of Caesarea. During the late fourth century there were around fifty of them. In Gregory's lifetime	lifetime	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
On giving up the record to Reid's camp, Mark Stewart comments, " We knew Rihanna's album would be out in a few months. Mary wasn't even in an album cycle yet. We made the sensible business decision. " Rihanna recorded the song	song	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
It was filmed in Los Angeles, California, in December 2003. It begins with a scene of a congested traffic jam in which Minogue is caught. She is shown seated in her car singing to the song in a sensual manner, with the camera repeatedly focusing	focusing	VERB	on	ADP	 on
Strang School District No. 36 was added to the National Register of Historic Places on June 25, 1992.Note 1 On its nomination, Strang School District No. 36 was cited as being significant under criteria C, with the statement: " as a multi story,	,	PUNCT	brick	NOUN	 brick
He lost the lead the next day to Paolo Bettini, who gained the race lead three separate times before Savoldelli took over. Ivan Basso was the leader of the race for two days, before he lost the lead to Savoldelli who then held that lead until the	the	DET	race	NOUN	 race
The sawmills also supported related industries such as mills that planed and smoothed the lumber; factories that built sashes, doors, and windows; and manufacturers of shingles and wooden buckets. The flour milling industry, dating back to the Fort Snelling government mill, later eclipsed	eclipsed	VERB	the	DET	 the
Facing the Chinese offensive were 418,000 UN troops, including 152,000 South Koreans, 245,000 Americans, 11,500 British Commonwealth and 10,000 troops from other UN countries. However, with the US Eighth Army not strong enough to prevent large penetrations along its line, masses of Chinese infantry	infantry	NOUN	soon	ADV	 soon
The Irish House of Commons, in a clear signal, agreed with the sentiments of the speech by only two votes. Castlereagh, who had been optimistic about the prospects of passage, informed Portland, " I should despair of the success of the measure at any	any	DET	future	ADJ	 future
Night time summer temperatures range from the upper 50s° F (14° C) in the West Texas mountains to 80° F (27° C) in Galveston. The table below consists of averages for August (generally the warmest month) and January (	(	PUNCT	generally	ADV	generally
The setting of Neptune High, which was featured in the first two seasons, was also located in Oceanside. The school, Oceanside High School, was paid $7,750 by Stu Segall Productions for the use of the campus and extras. The series ' third season	season	NOUN	setting	NOUN	 setting
Eggs and nestlings are consumed by blue jays, fish crows and American crows, red tailed hawks, swallow tailed kites, snakes, squirrels, and cats. Blowfly larvae and Haemoproteus have been found in Florida and Arizona populations, respectively. Winter storms limit the expansion	expansion	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
Despite the good news of being appointed to a divisional command, Mickl expressed his disappointment that he was being allocated a division in need of re organisation, rather than a fully equipped and full strength modern division. When Mickl took command, the 11th Panzer Division had	had	AUX	not	PART	 not
His mass appearance has doubled up Ram Charan's performance. Naayak is a perfect Sankranthi entertainer, " and rated the film 3 out of 5. Radhika Rajamani of Rediff.com wrote, " The first half of the film moves at a breezy pace while the interval brings	brings	VERB	in	ADP	 in
Aside from information gathered from the opening sequences, most details regarding the story were kept secret until the release. The card based gameplay of Chain of Memories would later serve to inspire the gameplay of Jupiter's next game, The World Ends with You; originally,	,	PUNCT	the	DET	 the
The storm peaked in intensity as a weak tropical storm shortly thereafter. On August 31 the storm moved inland near the mouth of the Rio Grande, and weakened as it swept inland. Advisories were issued for coastal areas before which strong winds and high tides affected the	the	DET	Texas	PROPN	 Texas
Due to the popularity of its predecessor, Sonic the Hedgehog 2 already had an established fanbase anticipating its release. The game received critical acclaim upon release and was a best seller in the UK charts for 2 months. As of 2006, the game has sold over	over	ADP	6	NUM	 6
Though Green continued her routine of ferrying the children to after school activities, she would spend her evenings drinking at home, sometimes to the point of unconsciousness and nearly always until she lost what inhibitions she had left about her language in front of the children. On	On	ADP	one	NUM	 one
Frentzen retired with a gearbox failure on lap 40 as Coulthard moved into third after passing Salo. Heidfeld became the final retirement of the race with an alternator failure on lap 40. Three laps later Button caught Salo and overtook him to clinch fourth position. It began	began	VERB	to	PART	 to
The F 15 pilots were faulted for misidentifying the helicopters as hostile. Also, the crew members of the AWACS aircraft were blamed for their inaction in failing to exercise appropriate control and for not intervening in the situation. In addition, the identification friend or foe (	(	PUNCT	IFF	PROPN	IFF
The generators powered a complex electrical system that combined alternating current for most equipment with direct current for heavy load machinery such as the turret motors. The main armament consisted of four electrically powered turrets, which were never built. The turrets were designed to elevate and traverse	traverse	VERB	at	ADP	 at
The same day an extended version of the music video was released featuring a cameo from Juicy J, and a bonus clip of a new song by Schoolboy Q from his own respective major label debut album, Oxymoron (2014). On March 10, 2015,	,	PUNCT	Lamar	PROPN	 Lamar
" Seema seconded Narendra's concerns, " We would have been happier if the main accused was also given the death sentence. The decision of the panchayat was not justified and people should not to be allowed to misuse their power. We have fought this battle alone	alone	ADV	when	SCONJ	 when
This invasion force was similar in size to the raiding party and was once again led by Rowley and Keating. Caroline was a " tolerably fine frigate " and her capture was a blow to the French squadron based on Île de France under Hamelin. The recapture of	of	ADP	the	DET	 the
He made good academic progress, but after he had settled a quarrel with another pupil by an organised fist fight, his father removed him from the school. (Fist fights were tolerated at Harrow: it was the fact of Brudenell's receiving punishment for unauthorised absence	absence	NOUN	while	SCONJ	 while
Martello defended the growing rise of feminists in Wicca during the 1970s, criticizing what he deemed as the continual repression of women within the Pagan movement. He also espoused the view that any Pagan who was involved in the U.S. government or military was a hypocrite. He	He	PRON	was	AUX	 was
A central point during the season was the romance between Erin Hannon (Ellie Kemper) and Pete Miller (Jake Lacy). According to Michael Ausiello of TVLine, the nature of their relationship was heavily debated by the writers and producers; he noted that " the	the	DET	triangle	NOUN	 triangle
During this episode, it is implied that Isabella marries either Phineas or Ferb, though none of the characters remember this. It is also implied that Phineas wins at least one Nobel Prize as the future Linda says the future Phineas is " in Switzerland for the Awards	Awards	PROPN	Ceremony	PROPN	 Ceremony
In subsequent productions, " niggers " has been changed to " colored folk ", to " darkies ", and in one choice, " Here we all ", as in " Here we all work on the Mississippi. Here we all work while the white	white	ADJ	folks	NOUN	 folks
This military style organization would be used for all subsequent Mormon emigrant companies. Locust Creek (103 miles (166 km) west) — The trail proceeds past Cincinnati to Locust Creek. There on April 13 William Clayton, scribe for Brigham Young, composed " Come	Come	VERB	,	PUNCT	,
Highland Park won this game, which was the clinching Region II best of 3 bi district series game, by the 10 run rule. Young displayed home run power as a senior, and in some games, he played designated hitter. Later that month, Young	Young	PROPN	pitched	VERB	 pitched
Lucan's disappearance has captivated the public's imagination for decades, with thousands of sightings reported across the world. One of the earliest, shortly after the murder, turned out to be a British ex politician, John Stonehouse, who had attempted to fake his own	own	ADJ	death	NOUN	 death
Oskaras Koršunovas Theatre has occupied the former Lietuvos Rytas Arena which was the home of Lithuania's starring basketball team Lietuvos Rytas until the 2004 season, and was also used by the former women's basketball team BC Teo. Along with the Vilnius Palace of Culture, Entertainment	Entertainment	PROPN	and	CCONJ	 and
The Canadian born Sir William Osler (1849 – 1919), then at Johns Hopkins Hospital and later at Oxford University, made further contributions with a 1901 report in which he described characteristic lesions in the digestive tract. The English physician Frederick Parkes Weber (1863 –	–	PUNCT	1962	NUM	 1962
The remnants moved across Ireland and Great Britain on October 28 with winds of about 65 mph (105 km / h). The remnants of Lili were absorbed by a much larger extratropical system in the North Sea on October 29, which proceeded to cross over the	the	DET	European	ADJ	 European
English hip hop producer Metabeats called Songs of Experience one of his favorite sources for sampling music and said of the album in an interview for Hip Hop Connection: " You could sample everything on this record, and I think everyone already has. Axelrod is pretty much	much	ADV	a	DET	 a
A review of the songs reads " The Pride keep things subliminally lo fi. Refreshingly simple and restrained, " Come Share The View " is a lesson in welding hypnotic soundscapes with white noise while showing allegiance to the school of slo mo on " Forest Fire "	"	PUNCT	"	PUNCT	 "
When it is adjacent only to broad consonants, it is a centralized back [ɑ ̈], e.g. mac [mˠɑ ̈ k] (' son '), abair [ɑ ̈ bˠəɾʲ] (' say '). In Connacht varieties, the allophones	allophones	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
On 17 March 2011, he was called up to the national team by new manager Laurent Blanc for the first time since the 2010 FIFA World Cup. He had been eligible to return to the team since the previous month after serving his five match suspension, however	however	ADV	,	PUNCT	,
Malick declined the offer, but instead discussed the idea of a film about the life of Joseph Merrick. Once word got out about David Lynch's film of The Elephant Man, he shelved the idea. In 1988, Geisler and John Roberdeau met with Malick in	in	ADP	Paris	PROPN	 Paris
Kościuszko arrived in Bayonne, France, on June 28, 1798. By that time, Talleyrand's plans had changed and no longer included him. Kościuszko remained politically active in Polish émigré circles in France, and on August 7, 1799, he joined the Society	Society	PROPN	of	ADP	 of
The 2011 release of the Nintendo 3DS, the successor to the Nintendo DS series of handhelds, was announced on March 23, 2010, to preempt impending news leaks by the Japanese press and to attract potential attendees to the Electronic Entertainment Expo. According to industry analysts	analysts	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
Bachi are also held in a number of different styles. In kumi daiko, it is common for a player to hold their sticks in a relaxed manner between the V shape of the index finger and thumb, which points to the player. There are other grips	grips	NOUN	that	PRON	 that
circRNAs are thought to arise via a " back splice " reaction where the spliceosome joins a downstream donor to an upstream acceptor splice site. So far the function of circRNAs is largely unknown, although for few examples a microRNA sponging activity has been demonstrated. Research on	on	ADP	RNA	PROPN	 RNA
It started off bad and went on being bad. " Up and coming society photographer Vic Singh was hired to photograph the band for the album cover. Singh shared a studio with photographer David Bailey, and he was friends with Beatles guitarist George Harrison. Singh asked	asked	VERB	Jenner	PROPN	 Jenner
Team Hitec Products attacked each of the intermediate sprints, with Kirsten Wild providing a lead out each lap for her team mate Emilie Moberg. They also attempted to make breakaways of their own, and Moberg managed to lead off the front of the peloton for around half	half	DET	a	DET	 a
This created a diplomatic problem for Congress, which did not want to be seen as aggressive, which is how some representatives felt a direct rejection of the appeal would appear. Consequently, Congress agreed to send a committee to meet with the Howes in a move they	they	PRON	did	AUX	 did
The first successful corneal transplantation to treat keratoconus was done in 1936 by Ramon Castroviejo. Several other corneal ectatic disorders, also cause thinning of the cornea: Keratoglobus is a very rare condition that causes corneal thinning primarily at the margins, resulting in a spherical, slightly	slightly	ADV	enlarged	ADJ	 enlarged
Second category climbs awarded points on a scale of 7 points for first place, second place earned 5 points, third 3, and one point fewer per place down to a single point for fifth. Third category climbs awarded points to the top three riders only;	;	PUNCT	4	NUM	 4
When built in 1924, 327,000 feet (100,000 m) of lumber was used. The track is inspected every two hours. In the early 1970s, the Giant Dipper became the last " classic roller coaster " between Vancouver, British Columbia and San Diego, California	California	PROPN	.	PUNCT	.
Lord Beckett gains power over Davy Jones, and with the help of Jones ' ship, the Flying Dutchman, he is now executing his plans to extinguish piracy forever. To stand against the East India Trading Co., Will, Elizabeth, Barbossa, and the crew	crew	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
It was ugly for a long time. " The band's next album, Renegades, was a collection of covers of artists as diverse as Devo, EPMD, Minor Threat, Cypress Hill, The MC5, Afrika Bambaataa, The Rolling Stones, Eric B. &	&	CCONJ	Rakim	PROPN	 Rakim
Hawkins died in May 2002, less than a year after the album's release. James promoted the album by touring throughout the United States leading up to and following its release. Critical reception of the album was positive overall. The album reached number one on Billboard	Billboard	PROPN	's	PART	's
" The novel centres on the character of Katinka Bai, a quiet, sensitive young woman married to a boisterous and somewhat vulgar station master, Bai. The marriage is barren, and she remains isolated. Almost subconsciously, she passionately longs after something undefinable. Even	Even	ADV	after	ADP	 after
By June 1825 he and his business partners had lost £7,000. Disraeli could not pay off the last of his debts from this debacle until 1849. He turned to writing, motivated partly by his desperate need for money, and partly by a wish for revenge	revenge	NOUN	on	ADP	 on
Against the Panthers, the Bears ' defense forced three turnovers in the first half, which included a 51 yard interception return for touchdown by Jon Bostic, followed by Zack Bowman intercepting Derek Anderson and Sherrick McManis forcing Kenjon Barner to fumble; the Bears recorded a total	total	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
At Los Alamos, Bradbury became head of E 5, the Implosion Experimentation Group, which put him in charge of the implosion field test program. In August, the laboratory's director, Robert Oppenheimer, implemented a sweeping reorganisation. E 5 became part of George	George	PROPN	Kistiakowsky	PROPN	 Kistiakowsky
Pinkett Smith has shown great admiration for her grandmother, saying, " My grandmother was a doer who wanted to create a better community and add beauty to the world. " Pinkett Smith attended the Baltimore School for the Arts, where she met and became lifelong friends	friends	NOUN	with	ADP	 with
" He practised slip fielding by catching a tennis ball thrown against a brick wall; he believed this practise trained him not to " snatch " at the ball but allow it to fall into his safe hands. Trumble was known for his cleverness on the field.	.	PUNCT	C.	PROPN	 C.
It moved southwestward and slowly developed a distinct low pressure area. On November 6, the system strengthened enough for the BoM to name it Bessi while the storm was west of 90° E. The MFR began tracking the storm on November 8 once it reached 85°	°	NUM	E	NOUN	 E
" Much the same criticism, says Arnold, may be levelled at Harnoncourt's 1971 recording. Among more recent issues is the much praised 1992 René Jacobs performance with Concerto Vocale, " a recording that all serious Monteverdians will wish to return to frequently ", according	according	VERB	to	ADP	 to
Harris was one of Michigan's leaders with 27 points and 8 rebounds, while Sims had a career high 29 points. On March 1, Michigan lost to Wisconsin 60 – 55. After taking a 34 – 32 halftime lead, Michigan opened the second half shooting	shooting	VERB	1	NUM	 1
Regensburg was ordered under the contract name " Ersatz Irene " and was laid down at the AG Weser shipyard in Bremen in 1912 and was launched on 25 April 1914; the mayor of Regensburg, Hofrat Josef Bleyer, christened the ship. She was commissioned into the	the	DET	High	PROPN	 High
A lawyer for Bill and Richard Thorpe said the men would pursue the legal process to have their father returned to Sac and Fox land in central Oklahoma. On October 23, 2014, the United States Court of Appeals for the Third Circuit reversed Judge Caputo's ruling	ruling	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
The opening theme, " Akari (Light) -Tomoshibi- " (灯 TOMOSHIBI-), was sung by Japanese singer Faylan. The ending theme, " Someday the Flowers of Light Will Bloom " (いつか咲く光の花, Itsuka Saku Hikari no Hana), was sung by Minami	Minami	PROPN	Kuribayashi	PROPN	 Kuribayashi
Throughout Australasia and Europe, the song managed to peak within the top five in several countries. In Australia, " Touch My Body " debuted at number twenty on the singles chart, during the week of April 4, 2008. The following week, the song	song	NOUN	reached	VERB	 reached
In mid 1932, Himmler appointed Heydrich chief of the renamed security service — the Sicherheitsdienst (SD). Heydrich's counterintelligence service grew into an effective machine of terror and intimidation. With Hitler striving for absolute power in Germany, Himmler and Heydrich wished to control the	the	DET	political	ADJ	 political
In historic times, the observation of such variations in susceptibility have provided solutions for major socio economic problems. The grape phylloxera was introduced from North America to France in 1860 and in 25 years it destroyed nearly a third (100,000 km²) of the French grape yards	yards	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
These local attacks were sufficient to inflame dissent within the largely Croat 4th Army, who refused to resist Germans they considered their liberators from Serbian oppression during the interwar period. On 7 April, reconnaissance units of XLVI Motorised Corps crossed the Drava and attacked towards Koprivnica.	.	PUNCT	In	ADP	 In
Its pilot trainees included Army, Navy, and foreign students as well as Air Force personnel. The RAAF's reorganisation of aircrew training in the early 1950s had led to the formation at Uranquinty of No. 1 Basic Flying Training School (No. 1 BFTS)	)	PUNCT	,	PUNCT	,
When he arrives, the gods are preparing to leave. After an angry exchange with Þorgerðr, who tells him he does not have long to live, Grímkell burns down the hof with all the gods in it. Later that evening, Grímkell suddenly falls dead at	at	ADP	dinner	NOUN	 dinner
University of Southern California digital media expert David Wertheimer also believed that " Wong Fu's use of new media to tell their community stories and build a business is the wave of the future. " The group's success has allowed for growth in the popularity of Asian	Asian	ADJ	American	ADJ	 American
Nora unexpectedly redeveloped an area of thunderstorms and moved ashore near Mazatlán, Sinaloa on October 9 before dissipating. The depression dropped locally heavy rainfall in western Mexico, but there were no reports of damage. Later, the remnants combined with Olaf and an upper level low	low	ADJ	to	PART	 to
The game established a College World Series record for largest title game margin of victory. During the season, Rice established a school record 30 game winning streak. Upon his becoming the College World Series hero, June 26, 2003 was declared ' Philip Humber Day '	'	PUNCT	in	ADP	 in
Thome graduated in 1988 and, after not being drafted, enrolled at Illinois Central College where he continued his baseball and basketball careers. After one season, he was drafted by MLB's Cleveland Indians as an " afterthought " in the 13th round of the 1989 MLB	MLB	PROPN	draft	NOUN	 draft
Craig's appearances in the British television film Love Is the Devil: Study for a Portrait of Francis Bacon (1998), the indie war film The Trench (1999), and the drama Some Voices (2000) attracted the film industry's attention. This	This	PRON	led	VERB	 led
" And the set up for the fifth season is quite brilliant. " The Star Ledger's Alan Sepinwall wrote, " The extended, enormous job audition gave the writers a chance to reinvigorate the show and fully embrace Laurie's comic genius ". Mary McNamara of	of	ADP	the	DET	 the
He named it Hypnos subnigrum; the genus name is derived from the Greek word for " sleep ", referring to the ray's ability to induce numbness. Eventually, Gilbert Percy Whitley recognized that Nodder had illustrated the same species that Duméril had described, and thus	thus	ADV	the	DET	 the
In 2001, the bulb's 100th birthday was celebrated with a community barbecue and live music. Since that move, the bulb has run continuously for 38 years; previously it had only been off the grid for short periods of time (e.g. a week in 1937	1937	NUM	for	ADP	 for
When asked by a fan, Sorachi mentioned that most characters from the series are based on real life Edo citizens while Gintoki's character is roughly based on the folk hero Sakata Kintoki. When starting serialization the manga was unpopular and was close to being cancelled. Although	Although	SCONJ	Sorachi	PROPN	 Sorachi
The humour is described by publications as being " bizarre " and " weird ". It is also described as being divided between two categories: " sci fi comedy " and a " samurai comedy " with the former referring to the aliens. It tends to point	point	VERB	out	ADP	 out
Although Lyell opposed evolutionary ideas (even questioning the consensus that the fossil record demonstrates a true progression), his concept that the Earth was shaped by forces working gradually over an extended period, and the immense age of the Earth assumed by his theories, would strongly	strongly	ADV	influence	VERB	 influence
To help ease the transition, Ferrell appeared in Carell's final episodes as well as one additional episode after he departs. The writers had gone through different scenarios on how Michael would leave with one suggestion being that he was fired due to a business mistake. They	They	PRON	ultimately	ADV	 ultimately
Meanwhile, Andy Murray continued to rise in the rankings, reaching his first Major quarterfinal at Wimbledon, losing to Nadal. He also won his first two Masters titles. Federer and Nadal remained the lead rivalry, and the pair met in the final of both the	the	DET	French	ADJ	 French
In total more than 400 servicemen and civilians escaped. Only 11 NGVR soldiers were among them. Many were less fortunate. 160 wounded and sick Australian soldiers, including a number of NGVR personnel, were captured and subsequently murdered by the Japanese at Tol Plantation in Wide	Wide	ADJ	Bay	PROPN	 Bay
Later that day, the depression passed less than 25 miles (40 km) east of West Palm Beach, Florida. Thereafter, the depression curved north northwestward and remained offshore of Florida. At 0600 UTC on August 28, a ship located about 93 miles (	(	PUNCT	150	NUM	150
While her choice was popular among Democratic activists, polls immediately after the announcement showed that only 22 percent of women were excited about Ferraro's selection, versus 18 percent who agreed that it was a " bad idea ". By a three to one margin, voters	voters	NOUN	thought	VERB	 thought
Dravid could not give a definitive answer, saying: " Oh, who knows? " Following indifferent form in 2004 and poor form in 2005, he was dropped from the team in October 2005. Having been nominated and rejected in 2000, when the game suffered	suffered	VERB	a	DET	 a
The pair parted ways as Chadrasekhar went to the US while Balaraju stayed and built a charitable hospital for local people. Abhiram succeeds in winning over family members, and Balaraju understands the truth behind Abhiram and his attempts. The film was officially announced in Hyderabad on 6	6	NUM	February	PROPN	 February
The story of their relationship was the subject of the 1997 movie Mrs. Brown. A painting by Sir Edwin Henry Landseer depicting the Queen with Brown was exhibited at the Royal Academy, and Victoria published a book, Leaves from the Journal of Our Life in the Highlands	Highlands	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
About half of the RNLI's staff work at Poole. Other locations are Dublin, London, Perth, Saltash, St Asaph and Stockton on Tees, while some roles are at lifeboat stations or home based and include operations, estate and financial management, public relations	relations	NOUN	and	CCONJ	 and
In June the Marine Corps launched Operation Alljah to secure Fallujah, Karma, Zaidon, and the Tharthar regions of eastern Anbar. These regions fell under the umbrella of Operation Phantom Thunder, an overall offensive throughout Iraq using US and Iraqi divisions on multiple fronts in an	an	DET	attempt	NOUN	 attempt
He was particularly experimental with the front line, and was willing to use the loan market to bring in fresh talent. On 24 March, it was announced Gannon would leave Peterborough at the end of the season. Unable to avoid relegation despite a vast upturn in	in	ADP	results	NOUN	 results
Heavy fire was exchanged between the Soviet tanks and two companies of a panzergrenadier battalion on the opposite side of the ditch. Peiper's surviving panzergrenadiers engaged the Soviet infantry and attacked the Soviet tanks with magnetic anti tank grenades. Twenty of his battalion's half tracks were	were	AUX	lost	VERB	 lost
Despite the few problems that the game had, GameSpy said that it was worth it to see the humorous parodies. Eurogamer's Tom Bramwell, however, believed that the game's humor could only carry it so far, and suggested that those interested in The Simpsons	Simpsons	PROPN	humor	NOUN	 humor
This meant The Simpsons was the top scripted show among adults aged 18 – 49 that week. The reception of " The D ' oh cial Network " by television critics has been generally mixed. The Guardian reviewer Sam Wollaston called the episode " lovely ", arguing	arguing	VERB	that	SCONJ	 that
Since then, Rosenborg has experienced a significant drop in attendance. The failed Trondheim bid for the 2018 Winter Olympics, launched in 2007, called for Lerkendal to be the Olympic Stadium and host the opening and closing ceremonies. Rosenborg had originally planned to build additional commercial	commercial	ADJ	facilities	NOUN	 facilities
He considered Acanthopholididae to be the sister clade to Stegosauridae, and also stated that it might include Hylaeosaurus, which he found had most of the characteristics of the family. Later, in 1915, he rearranged the species included in it. The genera that were later	later	ADV	included	VERB	 included
Saar was a province formed from parts of Prussia and the Rhenish Palatinate and placed under League control by the Treaty of Versailles. A plebiscite was to be held after fifteen years of League rule to determine whether the province should belong to Germany or France. When the	the	DET	referendum	NOUN	 referendum
By the time of the next production, Keep Fit in 1937, Dean had begun to assemble a special team at Ealing Studios to help develop and produce the Formby films; key among the members were the director Anthony Kimmins, who went on to direct five of	of	ADP	Formby	PROPN	 Formby
It's best known for its green and red chile sauce, Colorado burrito, Southwest (Denver) omelette, breakfast burrito, chiles rellenos, and tamales. Denver is also well known for other types of food such as Rocky Mountain oysters, rainbow trout, and	and	CCONJ	the	DET	 the
Because Germany had resumed unrestricted submarine warfare again on 1 February, Kroonland was laid up for almost two months at the American Line piers in New York, along with sister ship Finland and three other vessels. During this forced downtime, Kroonland was converted from coal burning	burning	NOUN	to	ADP	 to
In 1793, following a survey of coastal defences in the southeast, approval was given for the positioning of infantry and artillery to defend the bay between Beachy Head and Hastings from attack by the French. Fourteen Martello Towers were constructed along the western shore of Pevensey Bay	Bay	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
" The novel began very, very small, and it began with a single image in my head that I simply could not shed, " he relayed. " It was the image of a man walking across the desert and he's pulling a little Radio Flyer	Flyer	PROPN	red	ADJ	 red
Although the brigade was identified as an airborne unit, not all of its subordinate units were airborne qualified — despite the airborne tab as part of the unit patch. Soldiers of the 20th Engineer Brigade provide various supportive duties to other Army units, including construction, engineering	engineering	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
Of course, the problem is, Prospero never actually does any magical acts. Only Ariel does. The magic of Prospero is a matter of language alone. The Tempest can be interpreted as Shakespeare's last treatise on the human soul, in particular the Renaissance conception	conception	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
Unknown to Bakshi, Krantz and producer Al Guest were in the middle of a lawsuit. Failing to reach a settlement with Guest, Krantz told Bakshi to grab the series ' model sheets and return to the United States. When the studio found out, a warrant	warrant	NOUN	for	ADP	 for
After the war, Stewart wrote a history of the New Zealand Division, which was published in 1921 and would be the main reference work for this formation for several decades. He resumed his teaching career at Canterbury College but in 1926 returned to England, as a	a	DET	Professor	PROPN	 Professor
written by Ryohgo Narita and illustrated by Katsumi Enami. Isaac and Miria are a pair of idiotic and eccentric lovers who dress up in costumes and commit strange robberies in Prohibition era United States. In 1930, the duo are two of many characters who mistake an immortality	immortality	NOUN	elixir	NOUN	 elixir
Picard, Anij, and several Ba ' ku are transported as prisoners onto the Son ' a ship. Picard reveals to Dougherty that the Son ' a and the Ba ' ku are the same race and involving the Federation in a blood feud. The Son '	'	PUNCT	a	PRON	 a
Cubitt planned and commanded a series of operations through the winter of 1914 15, destroying several Dervish forts. Shortly after he arrived in Somaliland, the First World War had broken out, and once the winter campaign was over he requested to be transferred to Europe;	;	PUNCT	the	DET	 the
The harbour silted up and fell into disrepair so that in 1604 James I withdrew the town's charter. Control reverted to the Luttrells and a new harbour was built, at a cost of £5,000, further out to sea than the original, which had been	been	AUX	at	ADP	 at
After turning himself in a day later, Kiep declared during his interrogation that he had accepted the money, with Horst Weyrauch present, as a donation for the CDU. This started the CDU donations scandal, in which a system of illegal accounts was uncovered. On	On	ADP	30	NUM	 30
It spent most of its time retreating and fuel withdrawing in the face of Luftwaffe attacks. The German planners had recognised the need to eliminate Fort Eben Emael if their army was to break into the interior of Belgium. It decided to deploy airborne forces (Fallschirmjäger)	)	PUNCT	to	PART	 to
The stones, as smooth as polished marble, were laid without mortar with very tight joints that are sometimes hard to find. The blocks were held together by mortise and tenon joints in some cases, while in others they used dovetails and gravity. The blocks were	were	AUX	presumably	ADV	 presumably
In Re Lim Chor Pee, ex parte Law Society of Singapore (1986), the Court of Appeal endorsed the sufficient interest test for mandatory orders. In that case, the Law Society of Singapore had applied for a mandamus (now known as a mandatory order	order	NOUN	)	PUNCT	)
Benchley had continued to receive positive responses from his performing, and in 1925 he accepted a standing invitation from film producer Jesse L. Lasky for a six week term writing screenplays at $500. While the session did not yield significant results, Benchley did get writing credit	credit	NOUN	for	ADP	 for
The final score was 31 – 14. Graham twisted his knee in the fourth quarter, and Edgar Jones, Parseghian and Bob Gaudio also had injuries. The Browns planned to stay at the hot springs in Boyes, California to recover as they prepared to face the	the	DET	49ers	NOUN	 49ers
The history of breweries in the 21st century has been one of larger breweries absorbing smaller breweries in order to ensure economy of scale. In 2002 South African Breweries bought the North American Miller Brewing Company to found SABMiller, becoming the second largest brewery, after North American	American	ADJ	Anheuser	PROPN	 Anheuser
It lists " attaining full independence of the country " as a political goal. On 2 June 2005, Samir Kassir, a founder and leader of the movement, a prominent Lebanese journalist, and an outspoken critic of Syria was assassinated in a car bombing. DLM	DLM	PROPN	activists	NOUN	 activists
Postumus Agrippa was murdered at his place of exile either shortly before or after the death of Augustus. On 19 August AD 14, Augustus died while visiting Nola where his father had died. Both Tacitus and Cassius Dio wrote that Livia was rumored to have brought about	about	ADP	Augustus	PROPN	 Augustus
An election for the new post was held on 15 November 2012, and Independent candidate George Ferguson became Mayor of Bristol. The Lord Mayor of Bristol, not to be confused with the Mayor of Bristol, is a figurehead elected each May by the city council.	.	PUNCT	Councillor	PROPN	 Councillor
Allemand was ordered to cruise off the southern coast of Cornwall, awaiting the combined fleets of Villeneuve and Ganteaume and their descent into the Channel. If this force did not materialise, Allemand was subsequently ordered to the Bay of Biscay to join up with Villeneuve on his	his	PRON	route	NOUN	 route
In ctenophores, bioluminescence is caused by the activation of calcium activated proteins named photoproteins in cells called photocytes, which are often confined to the meridional canals that underlie the eight comb rows. In the genome of Mnemiopsis leidyi ten genes encode photoproteins. These genes are co	co	AUX	expressed	VERB	 expressed
Set in a universe filled with bio mechanical beings allied with classical element themed tribes, the story follows two friends from the fire based village of Ta Koro on a quest to find the owner of the Mask of Light, a mystical artifact that can potentially defeat Makuta	Makuta	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
Although Beebe's research at Caripito was productive, he felt that the extremity of its wet dry cycle made it impractical as a research station, and the expanding oil operations in the region were in danger of destroying the local environment. For these reasons, Beebe did	did	AUX	not	PART	 not
" What's My Name? ", which features guest vocals by Canadian recording artist Drake, was released as the album's second single; it was sent to US mainstream and rhythmic radios on September 21, 2010. Music critics praised the song as some of	of	ADP	Rihanna	PROPN	 Rihanna
One account of a bigeye sand tiger that had been caught alive noted that it behaved very aggressively, thrashing and snapping violently in and out of the water. Its large eyes and uniformly dark coloration are characteristic traits of a mesopelagic fish. The bigeye sand tiger feeds	feeds	VERB	on	ADP	 on
A south porch was built in 1621 at the behest of Dr Robert Burton, whose arms are carved in the gable above the date. A candelabrum given by Ann Kendall in 1705 hangs in the chancel. The chancel ceiling was decorated with a pattern of gold stars	stars	NOUN	on	ADP	 on
Because of the commercial success of his Autobiography, published in 1947, and the immediate commissioning of a second autobiographical work, Cardus was not under immediate financial pressure. He left Australia again in the spring of 1949, and although he spent the English winter of 1950	1950	NUM	–	PUNCT	 –
It shows various contestants performing their part in front of a plain black background, then shows the 12 finalists together performing the song in front of a screen of photos. Photos and video footage of the finalists at the Great Ormond Street Hospital are shown throughout the video	video	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
His book The Truth Vibrations, inspired by his experience in Peru, was published in May 1991, and he continued to write, turning himself into a popular author and speaker. Between 1992 and 1994 he wrote five books, all published by mainstream publishers, four	four	NUM	in	ADP	 in
On 22 November, Paul Higgins, the group's tour manager who has been with them since its formation, parted ways with the band. The band confirmed at the BBC Music Awards that following the success of Four, they had hopes to continue to go "	"	PUNCT	somewhere	ADV	 somewhere
He pointed out that " most subjects need time for evolution and personal growths, before their stories are ripe enough to put on paper. Madonna was in an ambitious, self involved phase during which nothing mattered more to her than her career. " He picked up	up	ADP	the	DET	 the
" Despite his illnesses, he continued to travel to England in the 1990s to watch cricket and meet up with Compton, Edrich and other war and cricket colleagues on an annual basis, although he became increasingly isolated as he outlasted his friends, both English and Australian	Australian	PROPN	.	PUNCT	.
In some cases, traffickers run " orphanages " or " care facilities " for children that are difficult to distinguish from legitimate organizations. Children may be smuggled across the border by paid traffickers claiming to be their parents and subsequently forced into laboring for begging rings or as	as	ADP	servants	NOUN	 servants
Russell engaged in significant global publishing efforts during his ministry, and by 1912, he was the most distributed Christian author in the United States. Russell moved the Watch Tower Society's headquarters to Brooklyn, New York, in 1909, combining printing and corporate offices with	with	ADP	a	DET	 a
The state highway crosses Deer Creek and passes the access road to the Gladden Farm before leaving the state park. MD 24 continues north through farmland, crossing several branches of Deer Creek and intersecting Holy Cross Road, which leads west to the Col. John Streett House	House	PROPN	and	CCONJ	 and
They had originally intended to call themselves the " Women's Improvising Group ", but at their first engagement they discovered that the organisers had billed them as the " Feminist Improvising Group ". Nicols said that the " political statement of the band's name never even	even	ADV	came	VERB	 came
Critics analysed the depiction of social issues, the use of popular music, and the relevance of the series to contemporary audiences when compared to the big budget BBC costume dramas Vanity Fair (1998) and The Way We Live Now (2001). Mike Bullen's	's	PART	style	NOUN	 style
The feud ended after Helms defeated him to retain the title at Armageddon in December 2006. In 2007, Helms once again feuded with the entire Cruiserweight division on SmackDown!. During this feud, Helms ' reign as Cruiserweight Champion came to an end at No Way	Way	NOUN	Out	ADP	 Out
On October 29, 1945, noting that a blue discharge meant the veteran had not been convicted and yet had been separated from the military without being able to defend himself, he said: " There ought not to be a twilight zone between innocence and guilt.	.	PUNCT	Blue	ADJ	 Blue
Sheet Harbour was the first community in North America to use a lime doser, which sprays limestone in to the water, to lower acid rain levels, starting in September 2005 in the West River. It was successful in stabilizing the pH of the river at 5.5	5.5	NUM	,	PUNCT	,
Whedon allowed some shots to last far longer than is common in a television episode; this cinematic technique allowed the images to take on meaning. Highly stylized lighting is used throughout Xander's dream. In the university hallway the scene is lit with green and orange gels	gels	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
The cathedral is listed as a heritage building in the Russian Federation, and is a protected monument. At the end of the 19th century, only two Catholic churches existed in Moscow: the Saint Louis des Français church for the French population and the St. Peter and	and	CCONJ	Paul	PROPN	 Paul
The grasshopper mouse from dry regions of North America feeds on insects, scorpions, other small mice and only a small part of its diet is plant material. It has a chunky body with short legs and tail, but is agile and can easily overpower prey as	as	ADV	large	ADJ	 large
" As a teen she took part in the Rhenish Carnival and the Largest Fair on the Rhine (Große Rheinkirmes). Her father remembered her calling him excitedly after winning first prize in a beer tent karaoke competition. She attended the St. Ursula Gymnasium in Düsseldorf,	,	PUNCT	finishing	VERB	 finishing
The game was released to positive reviews; praise was given to the game's graphics and gameplay. The game was also commercially successful, selling over 40,000 copies. Blood Money is a horizontal side scrolling shooter that uses 2D computer graphics. Players move through four stages	stages	NOUN	on	ADP	 on
Each day's singing begins and is most intense just before sunrise. The male may sing throughout the day but especially at dusk. The song season is usually over by the end of July. Typically, the female chooses the nest site and builds the nest.	.	PUNCT	However	ADV	 However
For reasons of military secrecy, this result was published only in 1956. Atmospheric curium compounds are poorly soluble in common solvents and mostly adhere to soil particles. Soil analysis revealed about 4,000 times higher concentration of curium at the sandy soil particles than in water present in	in	ADP	the	DET	 the
At its most fundamental level, inheritance in organisms occurs by passing discrete heritable units, called genes, from parents to progeny. This property was first observed by Gregor Mendel, who studied the segregation of heritable traits in pea plants. In his experiments studying the trait	trait	NOUN	for	ADP	 for
In 2008, the Associated Press gave Fey the AP Entertainer of the Year award for her satirical portrayal of Republican vice presidential candidate Sarah Palin in a guest appearance on SNL. In 2010, Fey was awarded the Mark Twain Prize for American Humor, becoming the youngest	youngest	ADJ	ever	ADV	 ever
Storm flooding closed several highways, including Delaware Route 1. Damage was heaviest in Sussex County, although the storm damaged corn and soybean crops in northern Delaware. Monetary damage totaled over $500,000 in the state. In neighboring Pennsylvania, wind gusts reached 56 mph (	(	PUNCT	90	NUM	90
It stars Clint Eastwood, Fred Ward, and Jack Thibeau as Frank Morris, John Anglin, and Clarence Anglin, respectively. Allen West was played by Larry Hankin; his character's name was changed to Charley Butts. The film implied that the escape had been	been	AUX	successful	ADJ	 successful
In September 1901, Wacht was accidentally rammed by the ironclad SMS Sachsen during the annual fleet maneuvers. The collision caused serious damage to Wacht and she quickly sank. Jagd continued in service for another three years, after which she was withdrawn from service and used in	in	ADP	various	ADJ	 various
Before the storm hit the Cuban mainland, it produced wind gusts to 40 mph (65 km / h) in Cayo Largo del Sur. Its primary form of impact was from heavy rainfall in a 24 ‑ hour period, peaking at 6.2 inches (157.5 mm	mm	NOUN	)	PUNCT	)
Given the success students had as early as 1953 in continuing their education after earning a degree from the Extension School, Phelps said, " it would seem, therefore, that the Extension courses and the degree for which they count are each year fulfilling the educational purpose	purpose	NOUN	for	ADP	 for
(Stockhausen Texte, 1: 153) In 1968, the West German government invited Stockhausen to collaborate on the German Pavilion at the 1970 World Fair in Osaka and to create a joint multimedia project for it with artist Otto Piene. Other collaborators on the project included	included	VERB	the	DET	 the
The French rear ships were no less idle, with Entreprenant and Pelletier firing at any British ships in range but refusing to close or participate in the melees on either side. The French rear ship Scipion did not attempt to join the action either, but could not	not	PART	avoid	VERB	 avoid
Trent Fitzgerald of PopCrush described " Don't Wake Me Up " as a " fist pumping club jam " but felt that it is " not as catchy as ' Beautiful People ' ". In a review of Fortune, Barry Walters of Spin magazine wrote that "	"	PUNCT	Do	AUX	 Do
It was also significant in implying that Rylands was not an independent tort, something later concluded in the Transco case. Goff's judgment has been criticised on several points by academics, who highlight flaws in wording which leave parts of the judgment ambiguous and a selective assessment	assessment	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
As Gleason told the story, the key insight of his proof was to apply the fact that monotonic functions are differentiable almost everywhere. On finding the solution, he took a week of leave to write it up, and it was printed in the Annals of Mathematics	Mathematics	PROPN	alongside	ADP	 alongside
" Little Green Men " was, at the time, the highest rated episode of The X Files to air. As the season continued, ratings began to grow. The season hit a high with the fifteenth episode, " Fresh Bones ", which was viewed	viewed	VERB	by	ADP	 by
Sports journalists have articulated the idea with increasing frequency that fighting adds nothing to the sport and should be banned. Among the reasons they cite are that it is unsportsmanlike, is a " knee jerk " reaction that detracts from the skillful aspects of the game, and	and	CCONJ	that	SCONJ	 that
If a sequence <formula> of tilings of a surface is conformal (<formula>) in the above sense, then there is a conformal structure on the surface and a constant <formula> depending only on <formula> in which the classical moduli and	and	CCONJ	approximate	ADJ	 approximate
The additional capital raised by the corporation was used to purchase more land and to build larger refrigeration facilities and a power plant. By 1905, Arbogast & Bastian's revenues exceeded $1 million per year ($26.3 million in 2016 dollars, adjusted for inflation.	.	PUNCT	)	PUNCT	)
The Shawnee in ambuscade surrendered to McDonald in exchange for peace. McDonald's forces continued their march onto the next Wakatomika settlement, where a further ambush ensued resulting in the burning of Shawnee cabins and villages. The ambush also resulted in the destruction of Shawnee plantations and	and	CCONJ	maize	NOUN	 maize
The approximate height measurements are not provided by the Register. Large, six over six paned windows are located in the front and the back of the building on both floors. Similar windows are also located on the south side of the building, but only on the	the	DET	top	ADJ	 top
For example, Haraldr Guðrøðarson is depicted as a usurper and tyrant, in contrast to the legitimate kingship of his cousin, Magnús. In fact, one reason for the chronicle's composition may have been to legitimise the line of Óláfr which, at the time of	of	ADP	the	DET	 the
Coincidentally, Newman's uncle Lionel worked on Hello, Dolly! Newman travelled to London to compose the end credits song " Down to Earth " with Peter Gabriel, who was one of Stanton's favorite musicians. Afterwards, Newman rescored some of the film to include	include	VERB	the	DET	 the
Furthermore, they had also obtained the gold medal at the previous World Championships, just two years before the Olympiad. This, together with the boycott of the silver and bronze medallists from the previous edition, West Germany — who won the silver medal also at the	the	DET	World	PROPN	 World
A life cycle study of one beer brand, including grain production, brewing, bottling, distribution and waste management, shows that the CO2 emissions from a 6 pack of micro brew beer is about 3 kilograms (6.6 pounds). The loss of natural habitat potential	potential	NOUN	from	ADP	 from
Determined to look for a colony for himself and inspired by recent reports from central Africa, Leopold began patronizing a number of leading explorers, including Henry Morton Stanley. Leopold established the International African Association, a charitable organization to oversee the exploration and surveying of a territory	territory	NOUN	based	VERB	 based
Between 1912 and 1913, together with Garegin Nzhdeh, Andranik led a few hundred Armenian volunteers within the Bulgarian army against the Ottomans during the First Balkan War. From the early stages of World War I, Andranik commanded the first Armenian volunteer battalion and led them within	within	ADP	the	DET	 the
On 7 June 2007, German club Bayern Munich announced that they had reached an agreement with Marseille for the transfer of Ribéry, with the player agreeing to a four year deal and Bayern paying Marseille a then club record €25 million. Ribéry was given the number	number	NOUN	7	NUM	 7
Foster argued that Amphicoelias is probably the senior synonym of Diplodocus, and that if further research bears this out, the familiar name Diplodocus would need to be abandoned in favor of Amphicoelias, as was the case with Brontosaurus and its senior synonym Apatosaurus. In 2015,	,	PUNCT	Woodruff	PROPN	 Woodruff
Other names such as " stouts " refer to the wide bodies of the insects and " dun flies " to their sombre colouring. Chrysops species are known as " deer flies ", perhaps because of their abundance on moorland where deer roam, and " buffalo flies	flies	NOUN	"	PUNCT	 "
Ending eighty years of peace between the two states, the powerful Bulgarian tsar Simeon I invaded in 894 but was pushed back by the Byzantines, who used their fleet to sail up the Black Sea to attack the Bulgarian rear, enlisting the support of the Hungarians.	.	PUNCT	The	DET	 The
Film critic Naman Ramachandran called it " one of the all time great comedies of Tamil cinema ". Sify wrote, " [Nagesh's] scenes with Baaliah who played his father has terrific comedy timing and great one liners ". In 2008, M. Suganth of	of	ADP	The	DET	 The
The AI was considered to be insufficient for the game; pathfinding failures meant allies would become stuck on environmental objects or each other during combat, use up their costliest abilities on enemies regardless of their threat, and were poor at staying alive in battle. Enemies were	were	AUX	similarly	ADV	 similarly
Poppaea believes Agrippina. When Claudius arrives at Poppaea's house she denounces what she believes is Otho's treachery. Claudius departs in fury, while Agrippina cynically consoles Poppaea by declaring that their friendship will never be broken by deceit (" Non ho cor che per amarti	amarti	NOUN	"	PUNCT	 "
In 1937, Naismith played a role in the formation of the National Association of Intercollegiate Basketball, which later became the National Association of Intercollegiate Athletics (NAIA). Naismith became Professor Emeritus in Kansas when he retired in 1937 at the age of 76. Including his	his	PRON	years	NOUN	 years
During initial approach, the radio altimeter warning had been activated several times, which indicated less than 750 metres (2,460 ft) from the aircraft to the terrain. During final approach, the ground proximity warning system was activated nine seconds before impact, which lasted until	until	ADP	impact	NOUN	 impact
Two songs from the album were made into music videos. The first music video was the lead single " Y Hubo Alguien " which was filmed in New York City. The second music video was " No Me Conoces " which was directed by Bennny Coral. Filming	Filming	NOUN	took	VERB	 took
With this decision, however, came the issue of reconstructing key sets that were used in the first film. For the exterior of Forks High School, crew members were able to find a parking lot, but the school's steps needed to be filmed with a	a	DET	greenscreen	ADJ	 greenscreen
Johnson spent the rest of his time studying, even over the Christmas vacation. He drafted a " plan of study " called " Adversaria ", which was left unfinished, and used his time to learn French while working on his knowledge of Greek. Although he	he	PRON	later	ADV	 later
Boganda is not only considered the hero and father of his nation but also as one of the great leaders of decolonization in Africa; the historian Georges Chaffard described him after his death as " the most prestigious and the most capable of Equatorial political men, " while	while	SCONJ	political	ADJ	 political
The storm weakened further into a post tropical cyclone on May 31, before emerging off the coast while moving generally east northeastwards. On June 2, Bonnie regenerated into a tropical depression just offshore North Carolina as conditions became slightly more favorable. The next day, despite	despite	SCONJ	increasing	VERB	 increasing
(2009 – 2011) and Shrek the Musical (2011 – 2013). Charlie and the Chocolate Factory the Musical has been playing since 2013 and is booking through January 2017. The Drury Lane is owned and managed by Really Useful Theatres, owned by Andrew Lloyd	Lloyd	PROPN	Webber	PROPN	 Webber
While the central Song court remained politically divided and focused upon its internal affairs, alarming new events to the north in the Liao state finally came to its attention. The Jurchen, a subject tribe of the Liao, rebelled against them and formed their own state,	,	PUNCT	the	DET	 the
The club's response was to redevelop three sides of the ground with entirely new all seater stands created – the Borough Road Stand (now the Johnny King Stand), the Cowshed and the new Kop, in addition to the existing Main Stand. Capacity in the	the	DET	ground	NOUN	 ground
They awaken their Persona abilities, realizing that the murders stem from attacks by Shadows, beings native to the TV world created from repressed emotions, and are able to rescue several would be victims. Yosuke, Chie, Yukiko, Kanji, Rise, and Teddie one	one	NUM	by	ADP	 by
The Reagan Carrier Strike Group performed humanitarian assistance and disaster relief operations in the Philippines in June 2008 after Typhoon Fengshen, which killed hundreds from the central island regions and the main island of Luzon. In January 2010 Vinson operated off Haiti, providing aid and drinking water	water	NOUN	to	ADP	 to
He had already been forced to sever his own nerve cords, but had attached cybernetic tentacles to the tips, effectively giving him extra means of physical manipulation Urun is the leader of the Auriga Tribe and a member of the Hierarchy. He wished to retake Aiur for	for	ADP	the	DET	 the
As time passed the mystification deepened and the legends became more distant from the actual events during his rule. During the Bulgarian National Revival the tales about Ivan Shishman began to increasingly include patriotic elements. Ivan Shishman was married first to a Bulgarian named Kira Maria, who	who	PRON	died	VERB	 died
Beyond this, within five billion years or so Mars's eccentricity may grow to around 0.2, such that it lies on an Earth crossing orbit, leading to a potential collision. In the same timescale, Mercury's eccentricity may grow even further, and a close	close	ADJ	encounter	NOUN	 encounter
Between the two windows on the church's north elevation is an exterior concrete block chimney. The layout of the east facing rear elevation of the church is also symmetrical, and features three nine over six double hung sash wooden windows, with the center window placed above	above	ADV	and	CCONJ	 and
Howard explained that this was " because Cher is very exotic and Gothic looking, " continuing that the singer " definitely was one of the people we looked at visually, as far as what gives you a striking character. " The term passive aggressive has since gone	gone	VERB	on	ADP	 on
AE2 cruised the Sea of Marmara for five days to give the impression of greater numbers and made several attacks against Turkish ships, which failed because of mechanical problems with the torpedoes. On the afternoon of 27 April 1915, the 12 battalions of Mustafa Kemal's 19th	19th	ADJ	Division	PROPN	 Division
He passed Jeff Reardon (367) and Hall of Famer Dennis Eckersley (390) to end the season third on the all time saves list. The new park provide an upgrade over Qualcomm Stadium for " Trevor Time " with a state of the art sound system	system	NOUN	and	CCONJ	 and
Morales came to an agreement with David Añez Pedraza, the leader of a defunct yet still registered party named the Movement for Socialism (MAS); under this agreement, Morales and the Six Federaciónes could take over the party name, with Pendraza stipulating the condition that	that	SCONJ	they	PRON	 they
" The churchyard's stone wall and the sundial have both been given listed building status, at the lower level of Grade II (for " buildings of special interest, which warrant every effort being made to preserve them "). The 19th century writer Samuel Lewis	Lewis	PROPN	said	VERB	 said
While wind damage was minimal, the heavy flooding left many roads across the state under water. In addition, it damaged 340 houses and destroyed 12, most of which were in Collier County. In northwestern Florida, the flooding caused severe damage to the citrus crop	crop	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
" He added, " It's surprisingly cerebral and arty music for a band courting mainstream metal audiences. " Thayil suggested that the album's lyrics are " like reading a novel [about] man's conflict with himself and society, or the government, or	or	CCONJ	his	PRON	 his
Elaborate geometric zellige tilework is a distinctive element in Moroccan architecture. Muqarnas vaults are three dimensional but were designed in two dimensions with drawings of geometrical cells. The Platonic solids and other polyhedra are a recurring theme in Western art. They are found, for instance,	,	PUNCT	in	ADP	 in
" The author does not conceal her dislike for some much used herbs: sage " deadens the food with its musty dried blood scent " and rosemary " acrid taste … the spiky little leaves get stuck between your teeth. " The book was published as the first	first	ADJ	of	ADP	 of
Two years later he established a capital city, Shangjing (上京), which imitated the model of a Chinese capital city. Before his death in 926, Abaoji greatly expanded the areas that the Khitans controlled. At its height, the Liao dynasty encompassed modern day	day	NOUN	Mongolia	PROPN	 Mongolia
Prices for gambier plunged between 1905 and 1906, and many Kangchu abandoned gambier in favour of rubber. Further decline in the number of gambier and pepper plantations was fuelled by the colonial government's suppression of traditional farming methods employed by the Kangchu for planting gambier and pepper	pepper	NOUN	;	PUNCT	;
To gain entry into the University to study primary or secondary education, students must not only meet the University's general entry requirements but also a number of other special course requirements. University students seeking to enter the teaching profession may also become qualified by gaining a postgraduate	postgraduate	ADJ	certificate	NOUN	 certificate
Danny also dropped torrential amounts of rain in Louisiana, peaking at 11.40 in (290 mm) in Buras Triumph. Flooding occurred in portions of the state due to heavy rainfall. The floods and high winds produced by Danny damaged over 300 houses and more than 170	170	NUM	businesses	NOUN	 businesses
The 15 year old King fell seriously ill in February 1553. His sister Mary was invited to visit him, the Council doing " duty and obeisance to her as if she had been Queen of England ". The King recovered somewhat, and in April Northumberland restored	restored	VERB	Mary	PROPN	 Mary
At the far end of the lake complex was the South Mere, 2.25 acres (1 ha) in size, with the South Gate positioned in its eastern corner. A harbour was built south east of the castle, which would originally have been used to receive	receive	VERB	first	ADJ	 first
During the Umayyad period Palmyra was mainly inhabited by the Kalb tribe. Benjamin of Tudela recorded the existence of 2,000 Jews in the city during the twelfth century, Palmyra declined after its destruction by Timur in 1400, and was a village of 6,000 inhabitants at the beginning	beginning	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
" The author observed that " In two minutes and 19 seconds, [the song] gets across just how the position and feelings of the characters have changed. " For instance, " At the beginning of ' Something There, ' Belle admits that she thought	thought	VERB	the	DET	 the
Major General J. Lawton Collins — commander of the 25th Division — assigned his 35th Infantry Regiment to clear the Gifu, secure the rest of Mount Austen, and to capture the Sea Horse. He ordered the 27th Infantry Regiment to seize the Galloping Horse from the north	north	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
Manager Francis said: Jerry knows what the situation is. I think he's done very well for us, considering we plucked him out of non league football at Yeovil. But he is aware that I have been looking for a right back and I will continue	continue	VERB	looking	VERB	 looking
This name is used by both the English language and Malay language press in Singapore. Malaysia formerly referred to the island as Pulau Batu Puteh, which means " white rock island " in Malay, but the Government of Malaysia subsequently decided to drop the word Pulau (	(	PUNCT	"	PUNCT	"
No longer was the Tribune to be a strong abolitionist paper dedicated to a complete Union victory. The new editorial board supported an immediate peace between the Union and the Confederacy in the Civil War in the United States with slavery left intact in the Confederacy. Marx strongly	strongly	ADV	disagreed	VERB	 disagreed
" On March 5, 2009 at the O2 Arena, Jackson announced that he was to perform 10 concerts as part of a comeback. Jackson suggested possible post show retirement by stating: " I just wanted to say that these will be my final show performances in	in	ADP	London	PROPN	 London
He was charged, along with other members of the EBS, with " unlawfully and willfully altering, defacing or destroying a ballot or the initials of the Deputy Returning Officer signed on a ballot contrary to section 167 (2) (a) of the Canada Elections	Elections	PROPN	Act	PROPN	 Act
In 2006, a related copper penannular brooch dating to the 5th or 6th century AD was found in a spring between Brecon Beacons and the Black Mountains in Wales. A gold penannular bracelet was found in the Perry River. Roman coins have been found at Worlebury Camp	Camp	PROPN	since	SCONJ	 since
They must truly be Malayans, and they will have the same rights and privileges as the Malays. " Not long after, in 1952, however, he appeared to contradict himself, and insisted that Malays safeguard their special position: " Malaya is for the Malays	Malays	PROPN	and	CCONJ	 and
In a 2007 interview, he said that he was not a fan of Cold Feet — decrying the depiction of Manchester in the series — and that killing off Rachel was " a privilege ". All episodes of Cold Feet were shot on film stock on locations in	in	ADP	and	CCONJ	 and
In his 1933 Bakerian Lecture, Chadwick estimated that a neutron had a mass of about 1.0067 u. Since a proton and an electron had a combined mass of 1.0078 u, this implied the neutron as a proton – electron composite had a binding energy of about 2 MeV	MeV	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
Members of the Oregon, Illinois Woman's Council started the process by lobbying the Illinois legislature to set aside White Pines Woods as a state park. In 1903 the Illinois legislature appropriated US $30,000 for the purchase of White Pines Woods, the southernmost stand of virgin	virgin	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
" Kelly and The Stormwater Boys recorded it in a bluegrass style as the title track for the 2005 album Foggy Highway. Divinyls ' lead singer Christina Amphlett recorded " Before Too Long " — she was attracted by the lyrics — she interpreted the song's narrator as	as	ADP	being	AUX	 being
Miller's abilities as an all rounder led to enormous success as both batsman and bowler. The ICC player rankings have been applied retrospectively to cricket history and Miller achieved top ten rankings with both bat and ball. As a batsman, he peaked at ninth in the	the	DET	world	NOUN	 world
In his " middle " compositional period after 1901, a change of direction led him to produce three purely instrumental symphonies. The Eighth, marking the end of the middle period, returns to a combination of orchestra and voice in a symphonic context. The structure of	of	ADP	the	DET	 the
Three Rivers Stadium, the Pirates ' home at the time, had been designed for functionality rather than " architecture and aesthetics ". The location of Three Rivers Stadium came to be criticized for being in a hard to access portion of the city, where traffic congestion	congestion	NOUN	occurred	VERB	 occurred
In 1884, she made her professional début as Bella Delmere; she changed her stage name to Marie Lloyd the following year. In 1885, she had success with her song " The Boy I Love Is Up in the Gallery ", and she frequently topped the	the	DET	bill	NOUN	 bill
For his effort, he won the ' Best Male Solo Artist ' award at the 14th Mnet Asian Music Awards and late Record of the Year award for One of a Kind at the 22nd Seoul Music Awards. In January 2013, in support of his album,	,	PUNCT	G	PROPN	 G
Timberlake performed " Cry Me a River " for the first time at the 13th annual Billboard Music Awards, held on December 9, 2002, at the MGM Grand Garden Arena in Las Vegas. He was accompanied by a string section and a 20 member choir.	.	PUNCT	He	PRON	 He
The series returned for a third season, dropping the Nancy Drew character completely and shortening its title to The Hardy Boys. In 1995, a TV show called The Hardy Boys was produced and syndicated by New Line Television, a division of New Line Cinema. The	The	DET	show	NOUN	 show
The tower is in an " L " shape with two parallel tracks. When the ride opened, the entire structure was painted white. After the ride was refurbished, the top third of the structure was painted red, the track was painted yellow and the rest	rest	NOUN	was	AUX	 was
There were three attempts to keep minke whales in captivity in Japan. They were kept in a tidal pool with a sea gate at the Izu Mito Sea Paradise. Another, unsuccessful, attempt was made by the U.S. One stranded humpback whale calf was kept in captivity	captivity	NOUN	for	ADP	 for
They wanted to produce Treehouse of Horror episodes, episodes about Sideshow Bob, Itchy & Scratchy and several " format bending " episodes such as " 22 Short Films About Springfield ", for which Oakley wrote the Principal Skinner and Superintendent Chalmers scene, the latter being his	his	PRON	favorite	ADJ	 favorite
The high thermal conductivity of diamond makes it suitable as a heat sink for integrated circuits in electronics. Approximately 130,000,000 carats (26,000 kg) of diamonds are mined annually, with a total value of nearly US $9 billion, and about 100,000 kg (220,000 lb	lb	PROPN	)	PUNCT	)
In 2008, the band began working on additional material, which resulted in two EPs entitled Down IV – Part I, released in September 2012 and Down IV – Part II, released in May 2014. Down formed in 1991 with vocalist / songwriter Phil Anselmo of	of	ADP	Pantera	PROPN	 Pantera
In this way, it has much in common with the 1964 65 New York World's Fair. In 2007, a new group, Expo 17, was looking to bring a smaller scale — BIE sanctioned — exposition to Montreal for Expo 67's 50th anniversary and	and	CCONJ	Canada	PROPN	 Canada
My Worlds Acoustic was released to iTunes, on February 8, 2011. According to Bieber, he wanted to release the album for the naysayers who critiqued his actual singing ability. The singer said that he wanted to have an acoustic album, to reflect the effect	effect	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
The dichotomy between permanent inhabitants and guests reappears several times, notably in the hotel's motto, " A day or a lifetime ", which Barton notices on the room's stationery. This idea returns at the end of the movie, when Charlie describes Barton as	as	ADP	"	PUNCT	 "
This was then erased from the mix during post production. In addition, the set was actually two bedrooms, both mirror images of each other. The only part that featured any CGI was when Mulder blows on the mirror, producing fog. According to director Kim	Kim	PROPN	Manners	PROPN	 Manners
In the World Championship, he reached the quarter finals, but fell victim to the so called " Crucible Curse " – no first time champion has successfully defended the title at the Crucible Theatre — when he was defeated 7 – 13 by Ebdon. For the next	next	ADJ	season	NOUN	 season
The I SS Panzer Corps commander Sepp Dietrich, ordered his only reserve Schwere SS Panzer Abteilung 101, to move behind the Panzer Lehr and 12th SS Panzer divisions, to cover the open left flank. The 2nd Company, schwere SS Panzer Battalion 101, under the	the	DET	command	NOUN	 command
In the early 19th century Alexander, 10th Duke of Hamilton (1767 – 1852) embarked on a programme of clearances that had a devastating effect on Arran's population. Whole villages were removed and the Gaelic culture of the island dealt a terminal blow. A memorial	memorial	NOUN	to	ADP	 to
The track became their first charting single in Korea since their 2011 single " Laser Beam / Kasuka na Kaori ". Yusuke Tanaka commissioned the accompanying music video for the single, which shows Perfume inside a comic book – style world. Perfume have performed the song in	in	ADP	a	DET	 a
In Smash Hits, the players are challenged by the " God of Rock " to play at venues at various Wonders of the World in order to charge a power artifact; it is revealed later that the God of Rock is actually Lou the Devil in disguise seeking	seeking	VERB	the	DET	 the
The dip of the rock was also steep both on upstream and downstream side of the flat base. Bank to bank, the crest length is 640 feet (200 m). The dam envisaged storage of about 18,000 acre feet (22,000,000 m3) at the full	full	ADJ	reservoir	ADJ	 reservoir
The E 8 group estimated the muzzle velocity of the gun at around 3,000 feet per second (910 m / s), close to the maximum achievable in 1944, and calculated that the pressure in the barrel would be up to 75,000 pounds per square inch (	(	PUNCT	520,000	NUM	520,000
United opened the 1969 – 70 campaign by winning the Charity Shield with a 2 – 1 win over Manchester City, and went on to face realistic possibility of winning the treble – the league, FA Cup and European Cup. However they missed out on all three	three	NUM	trophies	NOUN	 trophies
Attendances began to fall towards the end of the 1960s; this trend continued through the 1970s, though the decade did give Tranmere its largest ever crowd: 24,424 on 5 February 1972, for a fourth round FA Cup match against Stoke City. With today's capacity	capacity	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
Bradman rested Miller for the next game against Oxford University, which Australia won by an innings. In the lead up to the Tests, Australia took on the Marylebone Cricket Club (MCC) at Lord's; it was effectively a dress rehearsal for the Tests,	,	PUNCT	as	SCONJ	 as
Others brought national elements to their style: Spain's Triana introduced flamenco elements, groups such as the Swedish Samla Mammas Manna drew from the folk music styles of their respective nations, and Italian bands such as Il Balletto di Bronzo, Rustichelli & Bordini, leaned toward	toward	ADP	an	DET	 an
Other critics were less positive. The Herald Sun's head reviewer Leigh Paatsch gave the film no stars, claiming the film tried to match the edginess of the 2007 comedy film Juno but was, " way, way off the mark ". He wrote, "	"	PUNCT	If	SCONJ	 If
Following decontamination and the institution of supportive measures, the next priority is inhibition of further ethylene glycol metabolism using antidotes. The antidotes for ethylene glycol poisoning are ethanol and fomepizole. This antidotal treatment forms the mainstay of management of ethylene glycol poisoning. The toxicity of ethylene	ethylene	NOUN	glycol	NOUN	 glycol
They are often used in gourmet dishes. Certain types of cheeses require inoculation of milk curds with fungal species that impart a unique flavor and texture to the cheese. Examples include the blue color in cheeses such as Stilton or Roquefort, which are made by inoculation with	with	ADP	Penicillium	PROPN	 Penicillium
" The performance featured dance routines and dancers wearing " torture bags labelled the words ' Freak ' and ' Queen ' over their heads. " Bruna Nessif for E! Online described the performance as " interesting, " and noted that the theme " to celebrate everyone	everyone	PRON	for	ADP	 for
Lord Claud Hamilton, MP, Chairman of the Great Eastern Railway, denounced the execution as " sheer, brutal murder ". The Mayor of Harwich opened a fund to erect a permanent memorial to Fryatt. A similar fund was opened in the Netherlands. In the	the	DET	United	PROPN	 United
Eventually it crash landed at Leaves Green in Kent after being shot down by No. 111 Squadron Hurricanes. Roth was killed, but Lamberty survived with burns. Of the bombers that evaded the defences and No. 111 Squadron, two ditched into the sea and two	two	NUM	more	ADJ	 more
On championship night, the team members — except for Karofsky — relent just before the half time show, which the team and glee club perform together. Karofsky joins in when he sees the crowd's positive reaction to the start of the half time show, a	a	DET	mashup	NOUN	 mashup
The breed standard does not recognise a Parson Russell with a curly or rough coat. There is a clear outline with only a hint of eyebrows and beard should the dog be broken coated. They possess moderately thick small " V " shaped drop ears with the tip	tip	NOUN	pointed	VERB	 pointed
The money represented the bulk of the K Foundation's funds, earned by Drummond and Cauty as The KLF, one of the United Kingdom's most successful pop groups of the early 1990s. The incineration was recorded on a Hi 8 video camera by K Foundation collaborator	collaborator	NOUN	Gimpo	PROPN	 Gimpo
The French Navy by contrast was riven with the same social divisions that had divided France in the aftermath of the French Revolution four years earlier. This had led to the collapse of the professional officer corps and the elimination of the rank of trained seamen gunners on the	the	DET	grounds	NOUN	 grounds
In 2001 – 2003 an improved multistep procedure was developed using a succinylated derivative of desferrioxamine B (N sucDf) as a bifunctional chelate, and a better way of binding 89Zr to mAbs was reported in 2009. The new method is fast, consists of only two	two	NUM	steps	NOUN	 steps
Wagga Wagga is the seat of a Roman Catholic diocese, with its principal church being St Michael's Cathedral. Wagga attracts people from all over the Riverina and southwestern New South Wales to its shopping facilities. It is the major support city for over 200,000 people who	who	PRON	live	VERB	 live
Although the terms nōgaku and Noh are sometimes used interchangeably, nōgaku encompasses both Noh and kyōgen. Kyōgen is performed in between Noh plays in the same space. Compared to Noh, " kyōgen relies less on the use of masks and is derived from the humorous plays	plays	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
Tossell stated that " without a doubt ", Nintendo strengthened their relationship through trust and respect, despite Nintendo only owning 49% of the company at the time. The game was Rare's final console video game released under Nintendo before the Leicestershire based studio was sold	sold	VERB	and	CCONJ	 and
The specific initiative of those executions is controversial. Chilean historian Vicuña Mackenna indicts San Martín, while J. C. Raffo de la Reta blames O'Higgins instead. Manuel Rodríguez was also imprisoned and then killed in prison; this death may have been decided by the Lautaro lodge.	.	PUNCT	San	PROPN	 San
A bike path also surrounds the lake, and riding, walking or jogging around the lake are a popular activity on the weekends. Fireworks are often held over the lake on New Year's Eve, and a large show called Skyfire has been held at the lake	lake	NOUN	since	SCONJ	 since
Epaminondas, supported by Pelopidas and the Arcadians, then persuaded the other Boeotarchs to invade Laconia itself. Moving south, they crossed the Evrotas River, the frontier of Sparta, which no hostile army had breached in memory. The Spartans, unwilling to engage the massive	massive	ADJ	army	NOUN	 army
Some objects in this second list were more likely eventually to be adopted as ' planets ' than others. Despite what had been claimed in the media, the proposal did not necessarily leave the Solar System with only twelve planets. Mike Brown, the discoverer of Sedna	Sedna	PROPN	and	CCONJ	 and
I'd say we've got about half the music done, though I shouldn't say halfway because who knows how long the next batch of songs will take. But all the material's just kind of coming together, and every week we meet up and assess	assess	VERB	the	DET	 the
Minnesota's location in the Upper Midwest allows it to experience some of the widest variety of weather in the United States, with each of the four seasons having its own distinct characteristics. The areas near Lake Superior in the Minnesota Arrowhead region experience weather unique from the	the	DET	rest	NOUN	 rest
But, working with the FBI, the Select Committee electrified the nation when on February 22, 1957, wiretaps were played in public before a national television audience in which Dio and Hoffa discussed the creation of even more paper locals, including the establishment of a paper	paper	NOUN	local	ADJ	 local
In addition, The Office was the highest rated NBC television program on the night it aired. IGN writer Cindy White criticized the espresso subplot and the episode in general, for the lack of authority in the office, due to Jim, Andy and Pam leaving the	the	DET	office	NOUN	 office
On board, Shadow shows Eggman a superweapon known as the Eclipse Cannon, also created by Gerald Robotnik. Shadow discloses the plan: to charge the Eclipse Cannon with Chaos Emeralds and use it to take over the world. Rouge appears and feigns her allegiance to Shadow	Shadow	PROPN	and	CCONJ	 and
Critics focussed on Moore's age: The Washington Post said " Moore isn't just long in the tooth – he's got tusks, and what looks like an eye job has given him the pie eyed blankness of a zombie. He's not believable anymore in	in	ADP	the	DET	 the
Among viewers between ages 18 and 49, it received a 1.8 rating / 10 share. This means that it was seen by 1.8 percent of all 18- to 49 year olds, and 10 percent of all 18- to 49 year olds watching television at the time of	of	ADP	the	DET	 the
Born in Great Barrington, Massachusetts, Du Bois grew up in a relatively tolerant and integrated community. After completing graduate work at the University of Berlin and Harvard, where he was the first African American to earn a doctorate, he became a professor of history,	,	PUNCT	sociology	NOUN	 sociology
One week later, on October 24, the charges were dropped. Khánh then gave Đức and Phát two months of detention for indiscipline; their subordinates were incarcerated for shorter periods. According to Kahin, Khánh rigged the military trial so that Đức and Phát were acquitted	acquitted	VERB	so	SCONJ	 so
Snake Pass has also been closed for longer periods owing to subsidence in the local area following rain. In January 1932 the road was closed after 200 tonnes of debris fell on it during a heavy rainstorm, covering the surface in as much as 4 feet (1.2	1.2	NUM	m	NUM	 m
" Mind's Eye " marked the rare television appearance of Taylor, who primarily worked on well regarded independent films. In fact, Taylor herself requested to appear in the series. In Wilmington, Delaware, while Marty Glenn (Lili Taylor) is walking around her	her	PRON	apartment	NOUN	 apartment
" In 1999, Finch flew to Rwanda to help launch a new radio soap called Urunana, a programme which is aimed predominantly at women and focuses on health issues, child care and genocide within the country of Rwanda. A decade later, the makers of Urunana	Urunana	PROPN	invited	VERB	 invited
On 30 June 2015, Lewis released a three minute teaser video with snippets of " I Am ", " Ladders, " Power " and " Thunder ". " I Am " was released as the second single from the album and lead single for the United	United	PROPN	Kingdom	PROPN	 Kingdom
A number of sports personalities portray themselves. Jim Lampley, Larry Merchant, and Max Kellerman comprise the ringside broadcast team (all three were commentators for HBO Boxing at the time of the film's release). Sportswriters such as Bert Sugar, Bernard Fernandez and Steve	Steve	PROPN	Springer	PROPN	 Springer
The Han regained its influence over the Turpan Depression after defeating the Xiongnu at the Battle of Jushi in 67 BCE. In 65 BCE Han was able to install a new King of Kucha (a state north of the Taklamakan Desert) who would be agreeable to Han	Han	PROPN	interests	NOUN	 interests
Michael makes jokes about feeling like a human juice box, describing himself as " Type O Cean Spray ", a combination of type O blood and the Ocean Spray juice company, and as " Hawaiian Blood Punch ", a reference to the fruit punch drink Hawaiian	Hawaiian	PROPN	Punch	PROPN	 Punch
His decision to attend Michigan rather than Ohio State was influenced by family ties, including Bob Chappuis, who was Volk's uncle and finished second in the Heisman Trophy voting while playing for the undefeated 1947 Wolverines. Volk noted: " I had all these stories growing	growing	VERB	up	ADP	 up
Von Neumann did some of his best work in noisy, chaotic environments, and once admonished his wife for preparing a quiet study for him to work in. He never used it, preferring the couple's living room with its television playing loudly. Despite being a	a	DET	notoriously	ADV	 notoriously
Whenever I felt I was at the end of my rope, something would come up. Something bad. But for me it was ' work begets work '; that was my motto. " In 1996, she starred alongside Joe Mantegna, Kelly Lynch and J.T.	J.T.	PROPN	Walsh	PROPN	 Walsh
This piece failed to impress the judges, who awarded the prize to Adrien Barthe, the only other entrant. Bizet was discouraged to the extent that he vowed to write no more religious music. His Te Deum remained forgotten and unpublished until 1971. Through the winter	winter	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
Oh, I'd relieve all right, plenty of times, but I went right from the bench to the box, and I'd take a few warm up pitches and be ready. Then I had good control. I aimed to make the batter hit the	the	DET	ball	NOUN	 ball
With a ridge of high pressure to its north, the depression tracked westward. Favorable conditions persisted for several days prior to the arrival of the depression, and as such the depression quickly intensified into Tropical Storm Anita. The storm tracked slowly over warm water temperatures,	,	PUNCT	and	CCONJ	 and
The next night on Raw, Orton defeated Batista to become the number one contender to the title at the Royal Rumble. The following week, after a verbal confrontation between the two in the arena, Triple H ambushed Orton backstage. They fought until Orton tried to	to	PART	use	VERB	 use
Corgan presents himself as one of the last true believers: someone for whom spewing out this much music results in some sort of high art for the ages. He doesn't seem concerned with persistent alterna rock questions of ' selling out ', and good for him	him	PRON	:	PUNCT	:
In 2007, a sequel to Final Fantasy Tactics Advance was released for the Nintendo DS as part of the Ivalice Alliance series, Final Fantasy Tactics A2: Grimoire of the Rift. While the story focuses on different characters than Advance, several characters from the game appear	appear	VERB	in	ADP	 in
The University Church of St Mary the Virgin was used for university ceremonies before the construction of the Sheldonian. Christ Church Cathedral uniquely serves as both a college chapel and as a cathedral. In 2012 – 13, the university built the controversial one hectare (400 m	m	NOUN	×	PROPN	 ×
Some types of abortion in sheep are preventable by vaccinations against these infections. In the case of any such problems, those present at lambing (who may or may not include a veterinarian, most shepherds become accomplished at lambing to some degree) may assist the ewe	ewe	PROPN	in	ADP	 in
The lyrics, which address the value of female friendship over the heterosexual bond, became an iconic symbol of female empowerment and the most emblematic song of the group's Girl Power philosophy. Despite receiving mixed reviews from music critics, the song won for Best British Written	Written	PROPN	Single	PROPN	 Single
" Of the foreign critics who did not care for his music, Eduard Hanslick lambasted the Violin Concerto as a musical composition " whose stink one can hear " and William Forster Abtrop wrote of the Fifth Symphony, " The furious peroration sounds like nothing so much as	as	ADP	a	DET	 a
It reached the two million sales mark week ending December 27, 2009 in the US. Its highest charting was in Australia where it peaked at number three on the Australian ARIA chart and achieved Platinum status in the region. In New Zealand, the UK, Canada	Canada	PROPN	and	CCONJ	 and
The reviewer opined, " The main aim of the film is to attach gods. Along with that, the government and society are overtly and covertly attacked. The embittered and agitated reviewer further claimed, " He [the hero of the film], acting as	as	ADP	a	DET	 a
It stars Tom Kenny, Bill Fagerbakke, Rodger Bumpass, Clancy Brown, Carolyn Lawrence, and Mr. Lawrence. The special originally aired on Nickelodeon in the United States on November 6, 2009, celebrating the tenth anniversary of the American animated television series SpongeBob SquarePants.	.	PUNCT	The	DET	 The
The Church of England also retains the right to draft legislative measures (related to religious administration) through the General Synod that can then be passed into law by Parliament. The Roman Catholic Church in England and Wales is the second largest Christian church with around five million	million	NUM	members	NOUN	 members
McKinley was of the view that equality of opportunity for American trade in China was key to success there, rather than colonial acquisitions; that Hay shared these views was one reason for his appointment as Secretary of State. Many influential Americans, seeing coastal China being divided	divided	VERB	into	ADP	 into
Hsin is brought to the hospital and his daughter is placed on an organ donor list. Chao disappears, awakening in a crematorium oven before he is burned alive. " Hell Money " was written by Jeff Vlaming, making it his second and last script for the	the	DET	show	NOUN	 show
Jonze explained, " [Kaufman] said he wanted to try to write everything he was thinking about in that moment – all the ideas and feelings at that time – and put it into the script. I was very inspired by that, and tried to do	do	VERB	that	PRON	 that
" National Public Radio's pop culture correspondent Linda Holmes noted that CBS officially disavowing such statements while allowing them to continue amounts to a publicity grab for the show and for the network: " This show is meant to get a good part of its attention from the	the	DET	difference	NOUN	 difference
In an article for Al Jazeera in June 2012, he wrote, " Pan Afghan parties don ’ t exist. Afghans of all ethnic groups have stood together for a common cause but they have failed to share a common platform. " With the imminent draw down	down	ADP	of	ADP	 of
Former Creem critic Richard Riegel included " Savoy Truffle " on his 1996 list of the ten most underrated Beatles tracks, saying: " this is a great song by any standard, certainly the most fun George would have in the sensual world for many years to come	come	VERB	.	PUNCT	.
Fernando José da Costa, the prior mayor, now serves as a member of the city council of Loures, a suburb of Lisbon. The Assembleia Municipal (municipal assembly) is the deliberative body of municipal government. The assembly has 33 members. The presidents of	of	ADP	each	PRON	 each
The A.V. Club's Zack Halden evoked similar sentiments; " ' Nebraska ' doesn ’ t entirely rectify this concern, but it ’ s a solid hour of television, and a promising indication of where the series is headed. " Writing for IGN, Eric Goldman	Goldman	PROPN	commended	VERB	 commended
These reports ' main objectives were to accelerate the reform process and strengthen the socialist oriented market economy. The congress allowed existing party members to engage in private ownership. This was a controversial amendment and was a break with the theory of exploitation of man by man.	.	PUNCT	While	SCONJ	 While
Crews also form for other reasons such as theme (Jabbawockeez), gender (ReQuest Dance Crew), ethnicity (Kaba Modern), dance style (Massive Monkeys), and age (Hip Op eration). In 2013, Hip Op eration performed an exhibition	exhibition	NOUN	routine	NOUN	 routine
In November 1970, after a second audition with Caryl fell through, Dave Stopps, owner of Friars club in Aylesbury, suggested they use Mick Barnard of The Farm, who joined the band for their gigs which included Genesis's television debut on BBC's Disco 2	2	NUM	.	PUNCT	.
The Treaty of Trianon was signed in 1920, at the end of World War I, between the Allies of World War I and Hungary as one of the successor states to Austria Hungary. The treaty established the southern border of Hungary along the Drava and Mura rivers	rivers	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
But no one ever calls on me to ' broadcast ' or do a postscript. Yet I suppose I know better than most what is the truth about this ' Nordic ' nonsense. Anyway, I have in this war a burning private grudge... against that ruddy	ruddy	NOUN	little	ADJ	 little
Six players, Gordon Turner, Andy Rennie, Brian Stein, Ernie Simms, Herbert Moody and Steve Howard, have scored more than 100 goals for Luton. The first player to be capped while playing for Luton was left winger Robert Hawkes, who took to the	the	DET	field	NOUN	 field
UB 8 was ordered in October 1914 and was laid down at the AG Weser shipyard in Bremen in November. UB 8 was a little under 28 metres (92 ft) in length and displaced between 127 and 141 tonnes (125 and 139 long tons),	,	PUNCT	depending	VERB	 depending
In the western fringe of Macedonia, which is now part of Albania, Jovan Vladimir was remembered as a saintly ruler, cut down by his father in law, an emperor, who believed some slander that he was a womanizer. The enraged emperor, accompanied by	by	ADP	soldiers	NOUN	 soldiers
In 1688, the members of the community organized the unsuccessful Chiprovtsi Uprising against the Ottoman rule of Bulgaria. The uprising was suppressed due to organizational flaws and the halting of the Austrian offensive against the Ottomans. Around 300 families of the surviving Catholics fled north of the	the	DET	Danube	PROPN	 Danube
The immediate effect on the battalion was significant, with its personnel dropping from around 1,000 to approximately 200, but later it was able to rebuild its numbers to the extent that by 1982 it had a strength of 22 officers and 548 other ranks. In 1984 –	–	PUNCT	85	NUM	 85
Little is known of William's background or family, except that his father Godwin held land in Shipbourne, near Wrotham in Kent, perhaps as a vassal of the Archbishops of Canterbury. William's brother Richard was named as William's deputy in 1207. According to	to	ADP	late	ADJ	 late
In the NME, Tony Tyler began his review by stating that he had long idolised Harrison as " the finest packaged object since frozen pizza ", but he had changed his opinion dramatically in recent years; after the " dire, ennui making " All Things Must	Must	AUX	Pass	PROPN	 Pass
Due to an injury to Roethlisberger, Byron Leftwich took over as quarterback in the second half. Leftwich completed a 50 yard pass to Nate Washington on the opening drive of the third quarter; the Steelers capped the drive with a Willie Parker touchdown run. Pittsburgh extended	extended	VERB	their	PRON	 their
As an eyewitness, the autobiographer brings the historian into contact with almost all kinds of slaves. When the autobiographies are accepted both as records of the unique experiences of each individual author and as eyewitness accounts of several slave communities, they are clearly " representative ".	.	PUNCT	Besides	SCONJ	 Besides
On the night of April 23, 1874, hired thieves opened the safe, using an explosive to make it appear that the safe had been broken into. One of the thieves then took the fake evidence to the house of Columbus Alexander, a citizen who was	was	AUX	active	ADJ	 active
In 1689, the English allied Iroquois attacked Lachine on the Island of Montreal, committing the worst massacre in the history of New France. By the early 18th century, the Sulpician Order was established there. To encourage French settlement, they wanted the Mohawk to move	move	VERB	away	ADV	 away
The line was to extend to Rosebery and Waterloo, with ten stations, linking with the Illawarra Line near Erskineville station. Upon the passing of the City and Suburban Electric Railways (Amendment) Act in 1947, construction finally commenced on a variation of the Bradfield's	's	PART	proposal	NOUN	 proposal
It was recorded in two weeks at several locations in London and Kent during 2008 and was produced by Jacknife Lee and Paul Epworth. Inspired by the release options available in the Internet age, the band members made the album available for purchase on their website as a	a	DET	digital	ADJ	 digital
" Walton's first work for full orchestra, Portsmouth Point (1925), inspired by a Rowlandson print of the same name, depicts a rumbustious dockside scene (in Kennedy's phrase, " the sailors of H.M.S. Pinafore have had a night on the tiles "	"	PUNCT	)	PUNCT	)
Think of it as a music game with a guitar peripheral, but pretend that nothing else has ever been done. " The team brainstormed on what had made the Guitar Hero series fun, and recounted the earlier titles of the series which were designed to enable the	the	DET	player	NOUN	 player
Writers and poets devoted works to him, or used him or his works as inspiration. Painters created works inspired by Sienkiewicz's novels, and their works were gathered in Sienkiewicz themed albums and exhibitions. The names of his characters were given to a variety of products	products	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
From January until November 1903, McCay drew an ongoing proto comic strip for the Enquirer based on poems written by George Randolph Chester called A Tale of the Jungle Imps by Felix Fiddle. Before the last two instalments appeared in print, McCay had moved to New York	York	PROPN	City	PROPN	 City
The exact composition may be determined by spectroscopic studies. Abundances are generally expressed relative to hydrogen, the most abundant element. Different studies generally find varying values for elemental abundances. This is often because spectrographs attached to telescopes do not collect all the light from objects being	being	AUX	observed	VERB	 observed
The ramp from southbound I 95 to southbound DE 1 / DE 7 opened on August 27, 2013 and the ramp from northbound DE 1 / DE 7 to northbound I 95 opened on October 17, 2013, with a ribbon cutting ceremony attended by Governor Jack Markell	Markell	PROPN	and	CCONJ	 and
On 23 April 2011, he made his second consecutive start in the final of the Coupe de la Ligue. Marseille won the match defeating Montpellier 1 – 0 to claim its second straight league cup title. On 1 May, Valbuena scored the team's lone goal	goal	NOUN	in	ADP	 in
The overall deception plan was successful, and affected the German response to the Allied invasion. The phantom division was " disbanded " towards the end of the war. During the Second World War, the divisions of the British Army were divided between " Higher Establishment "	"	PUNCT	and	CCONJ	 and
As a result, the investigator terminated the questioning and the store manager asked Collins to keep the inquiry private. However, Collins reported the interview to her shop steward and other union representatives. As a result, an unfair labor practice proceeding was brought before the National	National	PROPN	Labor	PROPN	 Labor
This is most apparent in the wedding banquet scene, which includes a midget, a hunchback, a woman with buck teeth and a boy on crutches. The wedding guests violently and crudely devour their meal like animals. This scene was unlike any other in films of	of	ADP	that	DET	 that
The overall length of the church was 120 feet (36.6 m), and the breadth of the west front, which also survives, is 64 feet (19.5 m). When Leland visited Reculver in 1540, he noted that the coastline to the north had	had	AUX	receded	VERB	 receded
While Hanuman leaves for Ayodhya with Rama, Trijata gives birth to his son Hanuman Tegangga (Asurapada). The Javanese Wayang golek puppet tradition also portrays Trijata as the wife of Hanuman. Trijata is remembered as a friend and loyal companion of Sita in her time of	of	ADP	need	NOUN	 need
The front teeth meet evenly, the upper lip is usually longer than the lower, and the nostrils are small and crescent shaped. The neck is medium in length, and most of the animals have only five lumbar vertebrae (an anatomical feature common in primitive horses	horses	NOUN	)	PUNCT	)
The Commission subsequently published terms of reference for three ILUC modeling exercises: one using a General Equilibrium model; one using a Partial Equilibrium model and one comparing other global modeling exercises. It also consulted on a limited range of high level options for addressing ILUC to which	which	PRON	17	NUM	 17
The train then rises up into a banked turn to the left. Riders then go through two hills next to the lift hill followed by a turnaround that is positioned over the tunnel at the beginning of the ride. The train then travels over three small hills situated	situated	VERB	next	ADV	 next
About the new costume, Webb explained that he and the crew " wanted a design that would make the body longer and more lithe, more of an acrobat, someone incredibly agile and the legs of the spider [symbol on the chest] were something we used	used	VERB	to	PART	 to
When he played against the Los Angeles Clippers on 30 November 2001, he became the third French player to play in an NBA game, after Tariq Abdul Wahad and Jerome Moiso. Parker increased the Spurs ' game tempo, getting his teammates better looks at the basket	basket	NOUN	whenever	SCONJ	 whenever
For comparison, the figures for hydrogen like bismuth and antimony are expected to be 1.25 and 1.077 respectively. Ununpentium is predicted to be the third member of the 7p series of chemical elements and the heaviest member of group 15 (VA) in the Periodic Table,	,	PUNCT	below	ADP	 below
The two existing episodes are the oldest surviving examples of a multi episodic British drama production, and some of the earliest existing examples of British television drama at all, with only a few earlier one off plays surviving. In November 1953, it was suggested that the	the	DET	existing	VERB	 existing
He is known for playing in the style of an agitator and for his ascension to the NHL from being an undrafted player in the ECHL. After a two year career in the Quebec Major Junior Hockey League (QMJHL), he played in the minor leagues for	for	ADP	three	NUM	 three
In 1879, Black and other citizens of Barbourville purchased stock to fund the start up of a new college in Barbourville. Black insisted that the college be named Union College, because he hoped the college would unify the community. He continued to be involved in the	the	DET	development	NOUN	 development
... In a world with hotshots like Lady Gaga, legends like U2, and even Jay Z and Kanye West's The Throne bodying stages worldwide, is Beyoncé best performer on earth? ". Tickets for the concerts were made available on April 6, 2012,	,	PUNCT	10	NUM	 10
As the price of gold began to rise, Grant became suspicious of gold manipulation and wrote a letter to Secretary Boutwell on September 12, " The fact is, a desperate struggle is now taking place... I write this letter to advise you of what I think	think	VERB	you	PRON	 you
The ground was made all seated by the installation of bucket seats in the East Terrace during 1995. Views of the pitch from this stand were somewhat restricted by supporting pillars. The Easter Road slope, which meant that the north end of the pitch was 6 feet	feet	NOUN	lower	ADJ	 lower
The Chondrostei such as sturgeons also have a swim bladder, but this appears to have evolved separately: other Actinopterygii such as the bowfin and the bichir do not have one, so swim bladders appear to have arisen twice, and the teleost swim bladder is not homologous	homologous	ADJ	with	ADP	 with
Periodic flooding of these rivers covered the surrounding plains with new muddy sediments, creating the Cloverly Formation and burying the remains of many animals, some of which would be fossilized. At the end of Cloverly times, the shallow sea would expand to cover the entire region	region	NOUN	and	CCONJ	 and
The film is directed by Stephen Sommers, produced by Lorenzo di Bonaventura and co written by Stuart Beattie, based on a 1998 screenplay by John Paul Kay. G.I. Joe features an ensemble cast based on the various characters of the franchise. The story follows two American	American	ADJ	soldiers	NOUN	 soldiers
The finale, " Rock Show ", received the best reviews of the season. Several commentators declared that Parks and Recreation had finally found the right tone both generally and for the Leslie Knope character in particular. Several reviewers, even those who did not enjoy the	the	DET	show	NOUN	 show
" Abba Eban with Footnotes ", Journal of Palestine Studies, vol 32. (2003), pp. 74 – 89 " Prospects for Ending the Occupation ", Antipode, 35 (2003) 5, pp. 839 – 45 Contributor to Radicals, Rabbis	Rabbis	PROPN	and	CCONJ	 and
Shortly before this publication it was revealed in The Hague that Dutch law enforcement officers succeeded twice in smuggling a firearm into the parliament buildings and into the guarded headquarters of Wilders ' party. This check was carried out by the Special Security Assignments Brigade BSB, a special	special	ADJ	unit	NOUN	 unit
Some Medics also have the abilities to revive teammates that are incapacitated or killed by the Monster. According to Evolve's concept artist, those playing as Medics should stay back and avoid direct combat with the Monster, and only use their abilities when necessary. Starting from	from	ADP	the	DET	 the
She was converted into a crane ship in 1920, renamed Crane Ship No. 1 in 1941, and sold for scrap in 1955. The Kearsarge class battleships were designed to be used for coastal defense. They had a displacement of 11,540 short tons (10,470 t	t	NOUN	)	PUNCT	)
His initial appearance of the 1914 season was in relief on April 17, a game in which he pitched 42 ⁄ 3 innings, and gave up three runs in 6 – 5 victory over the Reds. He followed that with two consecutive strong games as the starting	starting	ADJ	pitcher	NOUN	 pitcher
The 12 main episodes and two Air in Summer episodes were licensed for North American distribution by ADV Films. The episodes were released on four DVD compilations between August 14 and November 27, 2007. The second DVD volume was sold in two editions, with the difference	difference	NOUN	between	ADP	 between
He criticized the show's lack of continuity, particularly with regard to the Jesse and Rachel storyline. Entertainment Weekly's Tim Stack also observed the lack of continuity in the Jesse storyline, calling it " slightly confusing " and " a little half baked "; continuity	continuity	NOUN	errors	NOUN	 errors
Another councillor (and chair of the Public Safety Committee), Peter Vallone, Jr. vocally criticized the detoxification project and argued that public money should not be spent on it. He accused Monserrate of crossing the line between " cult and state. " The project's	's	PART	publicity	NOUN	 publicity
Greaves scored twice in the 1962 FA Charity Shield, as Spurs secured the trophy with a 5 – 1 win over Ipswich at Portman Road. In the 1962 – 63 season Greaves scored hat tricks in victories over Manchester United, Ipswich Town and Liverpool, as well	well	ADV	as	ADP	 as
The sessions for most of the basic tracks for Living in the Material World took place over October and November 1972, with engineer Phil McDonald, but without Harrison's intended co producer from All Things Must Pass (1970) and The Concert for Bangladesh (1971)	)	PUNCT	,	PUNCT	,
Described as an " emotional barnstormer ", the song begins with Egan singing the lyrics " If there's a prize for rotten judgment I guess I've already won that ", which is followed by " Been there, done that ". Thought Catalog's Chelsea	Chelsea	PROPN	Fagan	PROPN	 Fagan
The album was met with mostly positive reviews from critics. J.D. Considine of Entertainment Weekly gave the album a " B " rating and felt that, while many comedians are unable to translate jokes onto CD, " Yankovic's jokes are eminently listenable. " He concluded	concluded	VERB	that	SCONJ	 that
The " Britannnias ' " footplate was designed around the requirements of the operating crews, with a mock up being constructed at Crewe to test ergonomics and usability. For ease of maintenance, availability of spare parts and increased reliability, two sets of Walschaerts valve gear were	were	AUX	used	VERB	 used
He became the 16th head coach in franchise history. His stark, disciplinarian methods contrasted with the lax style employed by the departed Fassel. The Giants decided that their primary need was a franchise quarterback. Accorsi — who had coveted John Elway when he was Colts general	general	ADJ	manager	NOUN	 manager
In the far east of its range, the pale crag martin always has lighter underparts than the dusky crag martin. Although only slightly larger than the sand martin and brown throated sand martin, the pale crag martin is more robust, has white tail spots, and	and	CCONJ	lacks	VERB	 lacks
Simultaneously, Navarre had been searching for a way to stop the Viet Minh threat to Laos. Colonel Louis Berteil, commander of Mobile Group 7 and Navarre's main planner, formulated the hérisson (" hedgehog ") concept. The French army would establish a fortified	fortified	ADJ	airhead	NOUN	 airhead
Like all actinides, berkelium easily dissolves in various aqueous inorganic acids, liberating gaseous hydrogen and converting into the trivalent oxidation state. This trivalent state is the most stable, especially in aqueous solutions, but tetravalent berkelium compounds are also known. The existence of divalent berkelium	berkelium	NOUN	salts	NOUN	 salts
A poll of young Russians found that they felt Nicholas II had done more good than harm, and all other 20th century Russian leaders more harm than good — except Khrushchev, about whom they were evenly divided. Subsequent polls, however, have found Brezhnev and Lenin	Lenin	PROPN	the	DET	 the
The subspecies of the western interior have the darkest upperparts, and eastern S. c. carolinensis has the palest back. The eastern form also has a thicker bill and broader dark cap stripe than the interior and Pacific races. The calls of the three groups differ, as	as	SCONJ	described	VERB	 described
State Route 59 is the main east – west highway, following East and West Main Streets and Haymaker Parkway. Summit Street is another major east west road mainly on Kent's eastern side, passing through and linking much of the Kent State campus. Fairchild Avenue is	is	AUX	an	DET	 an
It was also a member of Australian Television Facilities, and had a hand in the production of drama series Silent Number. In 1963, NBN won the Logie Award for Enterprising Programming (which was only for country stations), and another Outstanding Contribution by a Regional	Regional	PROPN	Station	PROPN	 Station
Basarab's descendants ruled Wallachia for at least two centuries. The region of Bessarabia, situated between the rivers Dniester and Prut, was named for the Basarab dynasty. Basarab was the son of Thocomerius, according to a charter written by Charles I of Hungary in 1332	1332	NUM	.	PUNCT	.
" Tedder and Clarkson wrote six songs together for inclusion on Clarkson's fourth studio album All I Ever Wanted, and " Already Gone " is one of three of those that appear on the track list. " Already Gone " is a ballad. The music is	is	AUX	described	VERB	 described
" Then it was off to the subsequent run market where the double feature prevailed. At the larger local venues controlled by the majors, movies might turn over on a weekly basis. At the thousands of smaller, independent theaters, programs often changed two or three	three	NUM	times	NOUN	 times
He wrote this cantata for the Fourth Sunday after Trinity. The prescribed readings for the Sunday were from the Epistle to the Romans, " For the earnest expectation of the creature waiteth for the manifestation of the sons of God " (Romans 8: 18 – 23	23	NUM	)	PUNCT	)
At least one of the Mercian bishops of Lichfield is known to have exercised authority there: Wynfrith, who became bishop on Chad's death in 672. In addition it is known that Wulfhere gave land at Barrow upon Humber, in Lindsey, to Chad, for	for	ADP	a	DET	 a
A Pikachu spoof called Ling Ling was a main character in the Comedy Central show Drawn Together. An image of Pikachu has also been featured on the ANA Boeing 747 400 (JA8962). Pikachu has appeared multiple times on The Simpsons. In the 2002 episode "	"	PUNCT	Bart	PROPN	 Bart
Hitler and Braun lived together as husband and wife in the bunker for fewer than 40 hours. By 01: 00 on 30 April General Wilhelm Keitel reported that all forces which Hitler had been depending on to come to the rescue of Berlin had either been encircled or	or	CCONJ	forced	VERB	 forced
The size of the hull was also a problem: a longer hull generally equates to a higher top speed, but requires more armor to protect it. In order to keep a higher top speed on a shorter hull, higher performance machinery is required. Since the	the	DET	South	PROPN	 South
His troops, supported by 4th Panzer Army, entered the city on 12 September. Hand to hand combat and street fighting ensued. The Red Army launched a huge counteroffensive on 19 November, codenamed Operation Uranus, which was designed to encircle the German armies and trap	trap	VERB	them	PRON	 them
The 27th Battalion was re raised in May 1948, and was once again assigned to the 3rd Division, attached to the 9th Brigade. In 1951, the compulsory training scheme was reintroduced and as a result the size of many CMF units swelled. The march,	,	PUNCT	The	DET	 The
The highest point total was seen during Amelia 1978, when 48 inches (1,218 mm) fell upon central Texas. Ivan Ray Tannehill. Hurricanes. Princeton University Press: Princeton, 1942. Herbert Riehl. Tropical Meteorology. McGraw Hill Book Company, Inc.: New	New	PROPN	York	PROPN	 York
Born in Buitenzorg (now Bogor), West Java, Lie received his formal education in missionary schools and by the 1870s was fluent in Sundanese, vernacular Malay, and Dutch, though he was unable to understand Chinese. In the mid 1870s he married and began	began	VERB	working	VERB	 working
Though it was steadily pushed back, South Korean forces increased their resistance further south, hoping to delay North Korean units as much as possible. North and South Korean units sparred for control of several cities, inflicting heavy casualties on one another. The ROK Army defended	defended	VERB	Yongdok	PROPN	 Yongdok
He also claimed the shooting was perpetrated by Lieutenant General Vahan Shirkhanyan, the Deputy Minister of Defense from 1992 to 1999, and the National Security Minister Serzh Sargsyan. He insisted the shooting was assisted by the Russian secret services in order to bring the " Neo Bolshevik	Bolshevik	PROPN	criminal	ADJ	 criminal
All the South Vietnamese civilians and the entire U.S. aircrew died in the crash. With the loss of Bucher and his aircraft, the C 130 Hercules had not completed a successful evacuation, and there were more than 600 people still on the ground. Next in line	line	NOUN	was	AUX	 was
As with many people of Scots descent who sought adventure and success at that time, Tod joined the British East India Company and initially spent some time studying at the Royal Military Academy, Woolwich. He left England for India in 1799 and in doing so followed in	in	ADP	the	DET	 the
According to Swiatek and Breen, " the Association... [was] expecting that the collectors who bought 1926 Philadelphia coins would turn out in similar or greater numbers for the second variety ". Although a few thousand quickly sold, the market for the half dollars proved	proved	VERB	saturated	ADJ	 saturated
Jeter subsequently had brief stints as a solo wrestler with OVW, Raw, SmackDown, and ECW before being released in late 2007. He retired from professional wrestling in 2008. Jeter was trained by Nick Dinsmore and debuted in 2001 in Ohio Valley Wrestling (OVW)	)	PUNCT	.	PUNCT	.
" During the playoffs, Laich had a five game point streak in the Eastern Conference quarter finals against the Philadelphia Flyers. This tied him for the longest point streak during the first round of the playoffs. As a restricted free agent after the season, Laich signed	signed	VERB	a	DET	 a
In 1946, Childe left Edinburgh to take up the position as Director and Professor of European Prehistory at the Institute of Archaeology (IOA) in London. Anxious to return to the capital, he had kept silent over his disapproval of government policies so that he would	would	AUX	not	PART	 not
As each scenario and quest is completed or when new quests are available, the game's map is automatically updated. After selecting a quest, a player chooses one of a number of " familiars ", creatures that aid the player in battle and grant stat boosts	boosts	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
When he did finally arrive in Rome, he was treated as the most important guest to the city and given an apartment at the Belvedere. In the end the portrait was not completed. Probably once the benefice was granted, he no longer felt there was any	any	DET	reason	NOUN	 reason
The stadium was the eighth stadium to host the event. The first sporting event at the stadium was a double header on July 28, 2002, that included both the Sounders Select Women and the men's Seattle Sounders of the USL team. The women defeated the	the	DET	Vancouver	PROPN	 Vancouver
The last through passage was made in 1951 by nb Queen. A group supporting the restoration of the canal had been set up in the early 1950s independently of the Inland Waterways Association, with which it was subsequently merged. In 1955 John Gould, a trader on	on	ADP	the	DET	 the
In recognition of his performance despite a losing effort, Clemson running back C. J. Spiller was named the game's most valuable player. Spiller set several ACC Championship game records: most yards, most yards per carry, most touchdowns, and longest run from scrimmage.	.	PUNCT	Spiller	PROPN	 Spiller
" Silverman also praised the cast, most notably Yuri's voice actors. EGMnow also gave high praise to the animation calling it " beautiful and rich " and said " It is top of the line in artwork, artistic style and coloring. The action sequences,	,	PUNCT	though	SCONJ	 though
The embryo is essentially fully pigmented by a length of 40 cm (16 in), and has assumed its newborn appearance by a length of 58 cm (23 in). By then, its stomach has shrunk enough for the abdominal muscles to close, leaving	leaving	VERB	what	PRON	 what
An equivalent compilation wasn't released in the U.S. until November 1972, when The Best of The Byrds: Greatest Hits, Volume II was issued. On November 17, 1971, less than five months after the release of Byrdmaniax, the Byrds issued their eleventh studio	studio	NOUN	album	NOUN	 album
In the Southern Song, four semi autonomous regional command systems were established based on territorial and military units; this influenced the model of detached service secretariats which became the provincial administrations (sheng) of the Yuan (1279 – 1368), Ming (1368 – 1644	1644	NUM	)	PUNCT	)
" Sewanee won by a narrow margin of 11 to 10. As a witness to the game, in which the Auburn team ran an early version of the hurry up offense, and played exceptionally well on defense, sportswriter Fuzzy Woodruff wrote: Under Heisman's tutelage	tutelage	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
Many say they did not have a good high school experience ". Students, who tend to be individualistic and creative thinkers, are encouraged to ask questions. Shimer has historically averaged 125 students, and enrolled 97 in 2014. Most Shimer alumni go on to graduate	graduate	VERB	studies	NOUN	 studies
The bishop and Calveley had wished to advance into France, but Sir William Elmham, Trivet and some of the other commanders refused to go. The bishop, after entering Picardy for some distance, was obliged to fall back upon Gravelines. It turned out that the	the	DET	French	PROPN	 French
The story takes place in the afterlife and focuses on Otonashi, a boy who lost his memories of his life after dying. He is enrolled into the afterlife school and meets a girl named Yuri who invites him to join the Afterlife Battlefront, an organization she leads	leads	VERB	which	PRON	 which
Having moved south to the town of Haleri in northern Coorg in the disguise of a wandering Jangama monk, he soon began to attract followers; then, with their help, or their acquiescence, he took possession of the town, and in such manner came to	to	PART	rule	VERB	 rule
Esther Ross, the daughter of an Arizona pioneer family, was given the honors of ship sponsor and christening. To acknowledge a ban on alcohol recently passed by the state legislature, the state's governor decided that two bottles would be used: one full of sparkling	sparkling	VERB	wine	NOUN	 wine
A day after making an emergency landing at an American base in England, Lamason was introduced to, shook hands and spoke with Clark Gable. Lamason was not afraid to speak his mind. On the night of 30 / 31 March 1944, when 795 bombers were	were	AUX	sent	VERB	 sent
The courier leads the agents on a pursuit through the airport, but drops the pouch before escaping. The pouch is revealed to carry a seemingly unremarkable rock. Mulder has Krycek confined at the high rise apartment of Assistant Director Walter Skinner before having the rock analyzed at	at	ADP	NASA	PROPN	 NASA
The episode features cultural references to songs such as “ Theme from Shaft ”, “ Gypsies, Tramps & Thieves ”, and " When the Saints Go Marching In ". Since airing, the episode has received mostly positive reviews from television critics. It acquired a	a	DET	Nielsen	PROPN	 Nielsen
After a United Nations Security Council meeting on 23 April convened at Georgia's request, the United States, the United Kingdom, France and Germany issued a statement saying: " We call on the Russian Federation to revoke or not to implement its decision. " However	However	ADV	,	PUNCT	,
' " In 1982, Inseminoid received a minor accolade at the Italian Fantafestival (winning the Best Special Effects prize) and a nomination at the Fantasporto convention in Portugal (for the Best Film award). Recalling how the depiction the female sex in Inseminoid displeased women	women	NOUN	's	PART	's
The connection to Manchester was delayed by Sir Richard Brooke of Norton Priory. Concerned that boatmen might poach his game and wildfowl, Brooke did not want the canal to pass through his land. The Act included several stipulations: the canal should not come within 325 metres	metres	NOUN	(	PUNCT	 (
" Time's James Poniewozik said " while ' Rumours ' had its flaws... the structure allowed the show to serve the stories, rather than feeling like the stories were there to service the songs ", and particularly praised how " the songs were integrated into the	the	DET	drama	NOUN	 drama
She refused to divorce him. The breach between Muriel and Wood also caused his estrangement from their daughters. In 1934 he began a happy relationship with a widowed former pupil, Jessie Linton, who had sung for him frequently in the past under her professional name of	of	ADP	Jessie	PROPN	 Jessie
In Russia, Elevation was released with an additional song, " O Nas S Toboyu ", which was recorded as a duet with Russian singer Max Lorens. Prior to its official release, the album had already been certified double platinum, making it the fastest selling	selling	NOUN	album	NOUN	 album
The aircraft would ignite its rocket engine and adopt a trajectory that would take it over the Soviet Union at speeds of Mach 20 and at an altitude of over 200,000 feet (61 km), before descending over the Pacific Ocean to a landing at Groom Lake,	,	PUNCT	Nevada	PROPN	 Nevada
How upsetting that a man who leaves so much harm in his path is lauded as a comedic genius. " Although Arthur has said she was fired from the show, she told the Associated Press that she left the station. She said that she checked a public	public	ADJ	relations	NOUN	 relations
The most ancient polyadenylating enzyme is polynucleotide phosphorylase. This enzyme is part of both the bacterial degradosome and the archaeal exosome, two closely related complexes that recycle RNA into nucleotides. This enzyme degrades RNA by attacking the bond between the 3 ' -most nucleotides with a phosphate	phosphate	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
The coin was struck every year from 1907 to 1916. During World War I, with gold coins commanding a premium above face value and many gold pieces returning from Europe to pay for war materials, there was little need for new gold coins; coinage of eagles	eagles	NOUN	was	AUX	 was
" Release " earned a Nielsen household rating of 5.1, meaning that it was seen by 5.1% of the nation's estimated households. Jessica Morgan from Television Without Pity gave the episode an A – grade. In a season review, Michelle Kung from Entertainment Weekly	Weekly	PROPN	called	VERB	 called
He adopted the mindset that he was " licensed to be an egomaniac ". He often stayed in character away from the tour stage, including for public appearances and when staying in hotels. He said, " That rather cracked character could say things that I could	could	AUX	n't	PART	n't
After research and testing were done to confirm that the Polled Dorset carried the same characteristics as the Horned Dorset and was able to pass on these traits, the Continental Dorset Club, formed in 1898, registered the very first Polled Dorset sheep in 1956. Livestock scientists	scientists	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
Sloth bears break open mounds to consume the nestmates, while chimpanzees have developed tools to " fish " termites from their nest. Wear pattern analysis of bone tools used by the early hominin Paranthropus robustus suggests that they used these tools to dig into termite mounds. Among	Among	ADP	all	DET	 all
Vincent at first defied him, and considered moving the family out of the city, but in late 1883 he left Sien and the children. Perhaps lack of money pushed Sien back into prostitution; the home became less happy and Van Gogh may have felt family life	life	NOUN	was	AUX	 was
At the demand of Oliver Cromwell, the Treaty of Westminster, which ended the First Anglo Dutch War, had a secret annexe that required the Act of Seclusion, which forbade the province of Holland from appointing a member of the House of Orange as stadtholder. After	After	ADP	the	DET	 the
Although producers Arthur Freed and Mervyn LeRoy had wanted her from the start, studio chief Mayer tried first to borrow Shirley Temple from 20th Century Fox, but they declined. Deanna Durbin was then asked, but was unavailable, resulting in Garland being cast. Garland was	was	AUX	initially	ADV	 initially
The two became associates within New York Republican party circles, eventually rising in the ranks of the conservative branch of the party dominated by Thurlow Weed. In the presidential election of 1864, Arthur and Murphy raised funds from Republicans in New York and attended Abraham Lincoln's	's	PART	inauguration	NOUN	 inauguration
Thus, the British Privy Council, as a whole, ceased to be a body of important confidential advisers to the sovereign; the role passed to a committee of the Council, now known as the Cabinet. According to the Oxford English Dictionary, the definition of	of	ADP	the	DET	 the
Eight sacbe (causeways) have been located around Calakmul. Two of these have been mapped, three have been identified visually on the ground and three more identified with remote sensing. They have been numbered as Sacbe 1 through to Sacbe 7. The causeway network not	not	PART	only	ADV	 only
This loan deal was extended for a second month in November, but after Foster suffered an ankle injury during the last week of the loan, he returned to his parent club in December. He made his last appearance for York in the club's 1 – 0	0	NUM	loss	NOUN	 loss
The CH 47Cs had a crew of four, comprising two pilots, a loadmaster and one other, and could transport up to 33 passengers or 11,129 kilograms (24,535 lb) of cargo. In August 1980, a CH 47 was flown from Amberley to Malaysia,	,	PUNCT	and	CCONJ	 and
At the same time, Quakers and others can relate to Fox's religious experience, and even those who disagree with many of his ideas regard him as a pioneer. Walt Whitman, who was raised by parents inspired by Quaker thought, later wrote: " George	George	PROPN	Fox	PROPN	 Fox
The book was successful in France, Germany, and the United States, but in the United Kingdom it failed to attract an audience and by 1953 was out of print. Its most noteworthy success was in Japan, where it received critical acclaim and sold more than	than	ADP	100,000	NUM	 100,000
The National Board of Review named Dallas Buyers Club one of the top ten independent films of 2013. The characters of Rayon and Dr. Eve Saks were fictional; the writers had interviewed transgender AIDS patients, activists, and doctors for the film and combined these stories to	to	PART	create	VERB	 create
The last Lexcens were built during 1997. This model was also sold as the VS Commodore Royale in New Zealand. Similar in specification to the Calais also sold in New Zealand, the Royale featured a standard VS Commodore body with the front end from the VS Caprice	Caprice	PROPN	and	CCONJ	 and
A 2011 survey by Freedom House suggests that living conditions have improved since the power sharing agreement. The United Nations Office for the Coordination of Humanitarian Affairs states in its 2012 – 2013 planning document that the " humanitarian situation has improved in Zimbabwe since 2009, but conditions	conditions	NOUN	remain	VERB	 remain
These particular days, like other festivals, automatically take precedence over any event on the calendar and sometimes even over other festivals. A good example of this would be in 2005 when Good Friday and the Annunciation fell on the same day (March 25). The	The	DET	Annunciation	PROPN	 Annunciation
By now, continuing injury problems were beginning to plague the ageing bowler's body. He took 3 / 95 in the first Test as Australia reached 424 in reply to England's first innings 411, of which Willis had made 26. Derek Randall's century in	in	ADP	England	PROPN	 England
The band played their final concert on June 29, at Mile High Stadium in Denver (less than two months before Hendrix's iconic solo performance at Woodstock). There were no new album releases from them during 1969. Hendrix's management later stated that concert promoters	promoters	NOUN	were	AUX	 were
" How Many MC's... " features a sample from Grover Washington, Jr. ' s " Hydra ", which was used for earlier hip hop tracks like EPMD's " Underground ". The iconic " Who Got Da Props " heavily utilizes a looped sample from	from	ADP	Ronnie	PROPN	 Ronnie
A few months later, on November 1, 1847, the poem Evangeline was published for the first time. His literary income was increasing considerably: in 1840, he had made $219 from his work but the year 1850 brought him $1,900. On June	June	PROPN	14	NUM	 14
He was nominated for a Golden Globe for Best Supporting Actor for his performance. He also appeared in North and South, Book II, telecast in May 1986. In addition, he was featured in a Lipton Tea commercial, which first aired during the broadcast of	of	ADP	Super	PROPN	 Super
The volva is sac like, white and has a smooth surface. The context is white in the stipe and cap and it does not change when bruised or exposed to air. The smell was recorded as " earthy, fragrant "; the taste was not recorded	recorded	VERB	.	PUNCT	.
The design was based on the American Passaic class monitor, but was modified to suit Russian engines, guns and construction techniques. She was one of two ships of the class to be built in Belgium and assembled in Russia. Spending her entire career with the Baltic	Baltic	PROPN	Fleet	PROPN	 Fleet
On 30 May 2010, the trio of Feng Tianwei, Wang Yuegu and Sun Beibei stunned the reigning champions China 3 – 1 in the Liebherr World Team Table Tennis Championships in Moscow, making Singapore world champion for the first time. On 1 August 2012, Feng	Feng	PROPN	defeated	VERB	 defeated
Commissioned by the conservative Belgian newspaper Le Vingtième Siècle for its children's supplement Le Petit Vingtième, it was serialised weekly from September 1931 to October 1932 before being published in a collected volume by Éditions du Petit Vingtième in 1932. The story tells of young Belgian reporter	reporter	NOUN	Tintin	PROPN	 Tintin
Both Manchester United and Barcelona were also looking for another Champions League title to cap a season in which they had won multiple trophies: Manchester United had already won four out of a possible seven trophies in 2008 – 09 and were playing for the possibility of becoming the	the	DET	third	ADJ	 third
Lau's family was reported to be under police protection. The ICIJ, which had been participating with Ming Pao on the investigations into the assets of China's leaders, said they were not aware of any connection between their investigation and the attack. The paper's	's	PART	editorial	ADJ	 editorial
The victory was his first since being dropped by the Williams team, which won no races that season. Hill finished the year with a last lap move on Frentzen at the Japanese Grand Prix, which earned him fourth place in the race and Jordan fourth position in	in	ADP	that	DET	 that
Thus, with the departure of Khieu Samphan, the Khmer Rouge ’ s participation in the election seemed doubtful. In March 1992, the start of the UNTAC mission in Cambodia was marked by the arrival of 22,000 UN peacekeepers, which included troops from 22 countries,	,	PUNCT	6,000	NUM	 6,000
This they know, and they'll be back again the two weekends before the race, far from the media and officials who will soon bustle here. The passion that drives them is much stronger than the bad weather. It has nothing to do with the current	current	ADJ	storms	NOUN	 storms
Garfield's death in September and Reid's return the following month left Hay again on the outside of political power, looking in. He would spend the next fifteen years in that position. After 1881, Hay did not again hold public office until 1897. Amasa	Amasa	PROPN	Stone	PROPN	 Stone
The Sovetsky Soyuz class ships were provided with aircraft facilities to handle two to four KOR 2 flying boats which would be launched by the two catapults mounted on the stern. Two hangars were built into the after end of the forecastle deck to house two of them and	and	CCONJ	cranes	NOUN	 cranes
On October 16, Michigan was one of five Big Ten schools to begin its season by celebrating Midnight Madness. Following the University of Michigan basketball scandal, the team had completed serving a scholarship probation imposed in 2003 two years earlier. During the probation, the team	team	NOUN	had	AUX	 had
The music of Calling the Wild is straight hard rock and heavy metal, in Doro's words going " from super heavy to super sensitive with good messages ", and leaves behind the experimental twists of her works of the 1990s. The song " Burn It Up	Up	ADP	"	PUNCT	 "
On 31 May, the ship was sealed and a briefing given to the crew about the upcoming invasion. For the invasion, Texas was designated Bombardment Force Flagship for Omaha Beach, in the Western Taskforce. Her firing area of Omaha was the western half, supporting	supporting	VERB	the	DET	 the
" Through a publication... we would keep the homophile world in touch with the progress of our efforts.... " Through self discipline, homophiles would win the confidence and assistance of legal authorities and legislators in understanding the problem: that these authorities should be educated on the	the	DET	futility	NOUN	 futility
Bottlenose dolphins can live for more than 40 years. Their elongated upper and lower jaws form what is called a rostrum, or snout, which gives the animal its common name. The real, functional nose is the blowhole on top of its head; the nasal	nasal	ADJ	septum	PROPN	 septum
His play in four exhibition games convinced Flyers ' coach Mike Keenan to call up Hextall to the NHL, and to play him in the opening game of the season, against the Edmonton Oilers. Hextall conceded a goal from the first shot he faced in the game	game	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
Ocean roughness can be used to estimate wind velocity close to the sea surface over oceans. Geostationary satellite imagery can be used to estimate the winds throughout the atmosphere based upon how far clouds move from one image to the next. Wind engineering describes the study of the	the	DET	effects	NOUN	 effects
The rowing correspondent for The Manchester Guardian noted that the Light Blues were " not quite fast enough and are not particularly well together " yet showed promise. He also noted that while Oxford had improved considerably, Cambridge would most likely start as favourites. The Cambridge crew	crew	NOUN	weighed	VERB	 weighed
The Air Ministry was still opposed to its development on several technical grounds and it took a meeting of the War Cabinet in May (which Terrell attended) to decide in its favour giving it " P plus " priority. A side effect of the meeting was it	it	PRON	focused	VERB	 focused
At the unplanned 15th plenum held 14 – 16 April, which was held due to pressure by Nguyễn Minh Triết, Nguyễn Văn An and Phan Văn Khải, it was decided that delegates at the upcoming congress had the right of self nomination and that there would competing	competing	VERB	elections	NOUN	 elections
After that he took the part of Godfrey Colston in Memento Mori, a television film about a group of elderly friends succumbing to old age, which was adapted for television from the Muriel Spark novel of the same name. The film received excellent notices and Hordern's	's	PART	performance	NOUN	 performance
It isn't fair that a man who has fallen should be beaten. " Later, Nero summoned the Parthian King Vologases I to Rome several times, but when the invitations became burdensome to Vologases I, he sent back a dispatch to this effect: " It	It	PRON	is	AUX	 is
He believed that the existence of goodness allows evil to exist, through the fault of humans. Augustine also influenced John Calvin, who supported Augustine's view that evil is the result of free will and argued that sin corrupts humans, requiring God's grace to give	give	VERB	moral	ADJ	 moral
Here, Dangić and his men launched several attacks against the forces of the Independent State of Croatia (NDH). In August, Dangić's Chetniks captured the town of Srebrenica. Afterwards, they became largely inactive in fighting the Germans, choosing instead to avoid confrontation	confrontation	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
A Danny Reece interception of a Bert Jones pass was called back due to a roughing the passer penalty, and another was dropped by Richard Wood. Cornerback Mike Washington was thrown out of the game for fighting. Cal Peterson and Lee Roy Selmon went out with knee	knee	NOUN	injuries	NOUN	 injuries
The room eventually accommodated 106 representatives from 16 states: the 13 original states as well as the representatives from the new states of Vermont in 1791, Kentucky in 1792, and Tennessee in 1796. The room has been restored to its original appearance in 1796. The	The	DET	second	ADJ	 second
This section was not connected to the rest of NC 102 which had also been extended south of Goldsboro to Newton Grove. By 1931 the two sections of NC 102 were connected with NC 102 running a short concurrency with NC 23 south of Newton Grove. Between 1931	1931	NUM	and	CCONJ	 and
The region includes two sub AVAs, the Red Hill Douglas County, Oregon AVA, a single vineyard AVA, as well as the Elkton, Oregon AVA, which was established in early 2013. The Rogue Valley AVA includes the drainage basin of the Rogue River and	and	CCONJ	several	ADJ	 several
The program is established as an organization by Title 10 of the United States Code and its purposes defined by Title 36. Membership in the organization consists of cadets ranging from 12 to just under 21 years of age, and senior members 18 years of age and up	up	ADV	.	PUNCT	.
These are chunky, bull headed and short tailed birds, blackish blue above with a contrasting white rump, and with white or grey underparts. They have feathering on the toes and tarsi that is characteristic of this genus. The house martins are closely related to other	other	ADJ	swallows	NOUN	 swallows
In February 2010 Mayawati's government approved a plan for a special police force to protect the statues, as she feared that her political opponents might demolish them. In December 2010, her government received permission to continue part of the plan, namely maintenance and completion of	of	ADP	Ambedkar	PROPN	 Ambedkar
As part of the project, archaeological investigations were carried out between 1975 and 1979 by Edward Harris. The part of the 1806 esplanade around the north east bastion was excavated, revealing the lower 16th century stonework of the tower and the east side of the 1859 magazine	magazine	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
Construction started in 1994. An agreement for purchase of sixteen three car electric multiple units was signed with Adtranz on 23 February 1995. Parliament decided on 1 October 1996 that the construction company would also operate the new train service. The trains were delivered between 19 September	September	PROPN	1997	NUM	 1997
Since the Big Ten Conference was its own district, this is equivalent to being named second team All Big Ten by the NABC. Moore was selected by the United States Basketball Writers Association to its 2010 – 11 Men's All District Team. Moore was among the	the	DET	20	NUM	 20
Brazilian Dreams received mixed reviews by critics, some praising the performers and the musical selection, and others being critical about the lack of improvement on the arrangements on the classic songs of the genre included. The album earned D ' Rivera the Latin Grammy Award for Best	Best	PROPN	Latin	PROPN	 Latin
Anna Smith of The News of the World commented on the irony that a drug smuggler was executed by a drug injection, and felt that the public didn't really care " about the human rights of a drug smuggler ". Foreign Ministry Spokeswoman Jiang Yu said,	,	PUNCT	"	PUNCT	 "
The Wiggles ' stage shows were full of action and audience participation. By the group's " New Wiggles " iteration, The Sydney Morning Herald called their shows slick and fast paced, with inside jokes for the adult members of their audience. The bandmembers tended to	to	PART	wander	VERB	 wander
" Another biographer John Collis believes that Morrison's style of jazz singing and repeating phrases preclude his lyrics from being regarded as poetry or as Collis asserts: " he is more likely to repeat a phrase like a mantra, or burst into scat singing. The words	words	NOUN	may	AUX	 may
" In 1930, scouts Bill Essick of the New York Yankees and Art Griggs of the Pittsburgh Pirates came to Fullerton to watch Vaughan and Hershberger play, respectively. Essick took a detour and Griggs ended up signing Vaughan instead, while Essick signed Hershberger to a contract	contract	NOUN	to	PART	 to
The Chief of the General Staff was General Antoine Simon Durrieu. The expeditionary corps was made up of nine infantry regiments: 1st brigade: 8th Line Infantry Regiment, 16th Line Infantry Regiment, 27th Light Infantry Regiment 2nd brigade: 35th Line Infantry Regiment, 46th Line	Line	PROPN	Infantry	PROPN	 Infantry
Ethel secured a comfortable penthouse apartment in Manhattan's Upper East Side, but Wodehouse was not at ease. The New York that he had known before the war was much changed. The magazines that had paid lavishly for his stories were in decline, and those that	that	PRON	remained	VERB	 remained
Texas Tech grew slowly in the early years. During the 1930s, Bradford Knapp, the university's second president, proceeded with an expansion program, which included new dormitories, the first library (now the mathematics building), a golf course, a swimming pool	pool	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
In 1294 Madog ap Llywelyn rebelled against English rule, the first major insurrection since the 1282 campaign. The Welsh appear to have risen up over the introduction of taxation and Madog had considerable popular support. In Glamorgan, Morgan ap Maredudd led the local uprising; Morgan	Morgan	PROPN	had	AUX	 had
The rhyme is thought to refer to the equestrian statue of Charles I (r. 1625 – 49), which was erected after the Restoration in 1660 and was moved in 1675 to the site of the old Charing Cross in central London. The tarnished bronze statue is	is	AUX	largely	ADV	 largely
At the end of July, she led the squadron on a cruise to Spanish waters, and while docked in Cádiz, they rendezvoused with the Brandenburg class battleships returning from East Asian waters. The I Squadron was back in Kiel by 11 August, though the late	late	ADJ	arrival	NOUN	 arrival
The two largest of these were equipped with porcelain in runs and plastic landing slops, allowing for their use during summer. In 1990, the venue was awarded the hosting of the 1995 Nordic World Ski Championships. This required a major upgrade to the infrastructure, including	including	VERB	floodlights	NOUN	 floodlights
" By the end of the novel, although Jake loves Brett, he appears to undergo a transformation in Madrid when he begins to distance himself from her. Reynolds believes that Jake represents the " everyman, " and that in the course of the narrative he loses	loses	VERB	his	PRON	 his
However, the season ends with the revelation that Blair may be pregnant. Amidst the fourth season, the romance between Dan and Blair became a polarizing topic among viewers which also drew significant media interest. Jarett Wieselman of the New York Post applauded the development, feeling	feeling	VERB	that	SCONJ	 that
It had a short neck for a sauropod, with thirteen cervical vertebrae. Nearly all rebbachisaurids had relatively short necks and a length of 10 m (33 ft) or less. The only member of the family that reached the size of larger sauropods was Rebbachisaurus.	.	PUNCT	The	DET	 The
" More than 20 years of soccer. What glorious years. Years that all the money in the world couldn't buy. I have been lucky. I have played with great clubs; I have escaped serious injury; I have played for my country; I	I	PRON	have	AUX	 have
The effect has been described as a " tour de force of symphonic colourism ", and a high point of his blending of red and ochre pigments. Titian uses a variety of brushstrokes. While the pope's robes are painted with very broad strokes, his cape	cape	NOUN	(	PUNCT	 (
Serb rebels, under the leadership of both local Serbs and Montenegrins, attacked police, gendarmerie, Ustaše and Croatian Home Guard forces in the region. In the first few days, the rebels captured gendarmerie posts in several villages, set up roadblocks on the major roads	roads	NOUN	and	CCONJ	 and
He was a star at Crystal City High School, where he scored 3,068 points in his scholastic career, was twice named All American, and was elected to the Missouri Association of Student Councils. He received 75 college scholarship offers, although he applied to only five	five	NUM	schools	NOUN	 schools
This was the first LMP2 victory in a race since 2003 and the first major result for Porsche since the 1998 24 Hours of Le Mans. The results ensure victory for Penske in the LMP2 Championship and also for Sascha Maassen in the drivers ' standings. For 2007	2007	NUM	,	PUNCT	,
A number of out takes from the Rome sessions were used to assemble new material during these rehearsals, though some of it, such as " The Violent Sequence ", later to become " Us and Them ", would not be used for some time. The	The	DET	title	NOUN	 title
With the preservation of the area, emphasis shifted from logging to recreation. The Appalachian Mountain Club converted a logging camp near the height of land into what is now the Pinkham Notch Visitor Center in 1921. The Appalachian Trail was built through the visitor center, making	making	VERB	it	PRON	 it
The highest attendance in the Football League was 10,120, for a Third Division North match against Port Vale on 21 April 1930. The record lowest attendance for a Football League match was 1,735, when York played New Brighton on 25 April 1931 in the Third Division North	North	PROPN	.	PUNCT	.
The new realm he forged, encompassing Egypt and Syria as well as the Jazira and Cilicia, and to a lesser extent the eastern parts of the Maghreb, established a new political zone separated from the Islamic lands further east, restoring in a fashion the frontier that	that	PRON	had	AUX	 had
The line has standard gauge and a minimum curve radius of 130 meters (430 ft), and is the steepest standard gauge railway in Europe. Maximum permitted speed upwards is 40 km / h (25 mph), while it is 30 km / h (	(	PUNCT	19	NUM	19
One explanation for this decision is that Samsung wanted to minimize the time between its launch and availability. The keynote address of the hour long event was delivered by Loesje De Vriese, Marketing Director of Samsung Belgium. Following the launch of the Galaxy S4 in June 2013	2013	NUM	,	PUNCT	,
Uncertainty about the sustainability of the restoration of Şahin Giray, however, led to an increase of support for annexing Crimea, spearheaded by Prince Potemkin. In March 1783, Prince Potemkin made a rhetorical push to encourage Empress Catherine to annex Crimea. Having just returned from	from	ADP	Crimea	PROPN	 Crimea
The plot was praised by television editor Ru Green as being one of the " better storylines " during an otherwise weak year for the show, with media attention at the time profiling Chrissie's dramatic plans for revenge. Commenting on the storyline's climax, a report	report	NOUN	in	ADP	 in
Kongsberg is 1 hour and 20 minutes, and 89 kilometers (55 mi) from Oslo S. Along the East Corridor, Line 400 follows the Trunk Line and makes eleven stops serving suburban areas in Oslo, Lørenskog and Skedsmo before reaching Lillestrøm Station, where the line	line	NOUN	terminates	VERB	 terminates
Usually described as the daughter of Prajapati Daksha, Rati is the female counterpart, the chief consort and the assistant of Kama (Kamadeva), the god of love. A constant companion of Kama, she is often depicted with him in legend and temple sculpture.	.	PUNCT	She	PRON	 She
Tech responded to the loss by reeling off another three wins in succession. That winning streak ended at No. 6 Miami, when Tech lost its second game of the season, a loss that was followed by a season ending defeat to perennial rival Virginia. The	The	DET	Hokies	PROPN	 Hokies
During the flight test program, unlike the YF 23, weapon firings and high (60°) angle of attack (AoA, or high Alpha) flights were carried out on the YF 22. Though not a requirement, the aircraft fired AIM 9 Sidewinder and	and	CCONJ	AIM	PROPN	 AIM
Stanislaus and Joyce had strained relations throughout the time they lived together in Trieste, with most arguments centring on Joyce's drinking habits and frivolity with money. Joyce became frustrated with life in Trieste and moved to Rome in late 1906, having secured employment as a letter	letter	NOUN	writing	VERB	 writing
It is composed in the key of A minor with Gaga's vocals spanning from E3 to D5. The song follows a basic sequence of Am – C – Fmaj7 – C – G / B as its chord progression. Jeff Benajmin from Fuse noted that the song	song	NOUN	contains	VERB	 contains
The design of the present state flag was officially adopted by the West Virginia Legislature on March 7, 1929, by West Virginia Senate Joint Resolution Number 18. According to the joint resolution: The proportions of the flag of the State of West Virginia shall be the	the	DET	same	ADJ	 same
The skull of a dugong is unique. The skull is enlarged with sharply down turned premaxilla, which are stronger in males. The spine has between 57 and 60 vertebrae. Unlike in manatees, the dugong's teeth do not continually grow back via horizontal tooth replacement	replacement	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
The production of the episode did not require extensive use of Duchovny and Anderson on screen. The former's voice is only heard and the latter appears only in archival footage. Davis, who portrayed the title character, was pleased with the episode, although confused with	with	ADP	some	PRON	 some
There were several riots and demonstrations in the provinces, unions opposed the economic policies, and the opposing parties organized the first cacerolazos. Estanislao Esteban Karlic replaced Antonio Quarracino as the head of the Argentine Episcopal Conference, which led to a growing opposition to Menem from the	the	DET	Church	PROPN	 Church
Robert acquired many books for his son, particularly on the subject of art history, with Wheeler loving to both read and paint. In 1899, Wheeler joined Bradford Grammar School shortly before his ninth birthday, where he proceeded straight to the second form. In 1902	1902	NUM	Robert	PROPN	 Robert
He was a key figure in the introduction of the Indian philosophies of Vedanta and Yoga to the Western world and is credited with raising interfaith awareness, bringing Hinduism to the status of a major world religion during the late 19th century. He was a major force in	in	ADP	the	DET	 the
" The tension between the suppression of women present in the poetry of the troubadours and similar themes in the poetry of the trobairitz is a major source of discussion for modern commentators. Trobairitz poetry pertaining to love tended to offer a less idealized conception of the subject than	than	ADP	the	DET	 the
As of April 30, 2012, the agency owed $7.75 million in back rent, a company spokesperson said. The agency disputed the cost, saying the build out of the interior was never completed. SEC officials also said the agency now needed no space at	at	ADV	all	ADV	 all
Cobain agreed to enter drug rehabilitation, but the singer went missing soon afterwards, and on April 8 he was found dead in his Seattle home as the result of suicide by a shotgun blast. The intended third single from In Utero, " Pennyroyal Tea ",	,	PUNCT	was	AUX	 was
Tongkonan are the center of Torajan social life. The rituals associated with the tongkonan are important expressions of Torajan spiritual life, and therefore all family members are impelled to participate, because symbolically the tongkonan represents links to their ancestors and to living and future kin. According	According	VERB	to	ADP	 to
It was preinstalled on 25th Anniversary PAL region red Wii systems, which were first released in Europe on October 29, 2010. In Japan, a download code for the game for Nintendo 3DS Virtual Console was sent to users who purchased New Super Mario Bros. 2 or	or	CCONJ	Brain	PROPN	 Brain
It was during Rembrandt's Leiden period (1625 – 1631) that Lastman's influence was most prominent. It is also likely that at this time Lievens had a strong impact on his work as well. Paintings were rather small, but rich in details (for	for	ADP	example	NOUN	 example
In contrast, military upgrades in non 4X games are sometimes small enough that technologically basic units remain important throughout the game. Combat is an important part of 4X gameplay, because 4X games allow a player to win by exterminating all rival players, or by conquering a	a	DET	threshold	NOUN	 threshold
Since the book's publication, a number of works exploring animals in political theory have been published; these works have been collectively referred to as belonging to the " political turn " in animal ethics / animal rights, or the disciplines of " animal political philosophy "	"	PUNCT	and	CCONJ	 and
Alain Magnan returns from the Lake and orders Morgan to execute his native allies and Sahin as heathens, but Sahin and Lizzie convince Morgan that Alain is actually the leader of the Circle of Ossus. Therefore, the knight, the Turk, and the pirate decide to	to	PART	work	VERB	 work
In addition to warning nearby natives against attacking settlers in the Carolinas, Dobbs also charged Waddell with attempting to keep peace with the Catawba. In one instance, Dobbs instructed Waddell to turn over a settler who had killed a Catawba hunter in order to placate the hunter	hunter	NOUN	's	PART	's
Kimball subsequently repeated his warning at a BYU campus devotional, stating that there were " too many Pharisees among the white [students and faculty]... too many Levites who pull their robes about them and pass by with disdain ". When not touring missions or presiding	presiding	VERB	over	ADP	 over
This resulted in a different crew arrangement, with operations being controlled by an observer rather than the pilot, as well as fitting a search radar. The Royal Navy selected the Sea King to meet a requirement for an anti submarine warfare (ASW) helicopter to replace	replace	VERB	the	DET	 the
The nave and aisles were added 50 years later by Richard Foxe, Bishop of Winchester. The Memorial Chapel at the north east corner of the church was completed in 1921. The ruined Chapel of the Holy Ghost, north of the railway station, has not been	been	AUX	a	DET	 a
Lennon bought the book, went home, took LSD, and followed the instructions exactly as stated in the book. The book held that the " ego death " experienced under the influence of LSD and other psychedelic drugs is essentially similar to the dying process and requires	requires	VERB	similar	ADJ	 similar
The coastal trade passed out of Muslim hands into Portuguese hands. In 1550, the Vijayanagara ruler, Sadashiva Raya, entrusted the work of administering the coastal region of Canara to Sadashiv Nayaka of Keladi. By 1554, he was able to establish political authority over South	South	PROPN	Canara	PROPN	 Canara
Another overhaul at Cape Town followed from 10 February to 16 March. By this time, the situation in East Africa had calmed, and the light cruiser Thetis, which had also been sent to suppress the Maji Maji uprising, was sent back to Germany. Seeadler	Seeadler	PROPN	nevertheless	ADV	 nevertheless
In 1997 General Charles Guthrie became Chief of the Defence Staff the head of the British Armed Forces. Lieutenant General Cedric Delves was appointed Commander of the Field Army and Deputy Commander in Chief NATO Regional Headquarters Allied Forces North in 2002 – 2003. Following the post war	war	NOUN	reconstitution	NOUN	 reconstitution
The release peaked at number 115 on the Billboard 200 in the United States. It received mixed reviews from critics; " Your Honesty " was generally the only song to receive praise. The remix album also marked the closing release under her contract with Maverick Records.	.	PUNCT	In	ADP	 In
As per his contract, Webber started the year in Melbourne with Red Bull Racing. He recorded top six lap times in each of the three practice sessions, and was on his way to the top ten in the qualifying session when the front right brake disc in	in	ADP	his	PRON	 his
Earp's actions did not resolve the dispute, which eventually escalated into the " Pot Ash Wars " of the Mojave Desert. On July 23, 1911, Earp was arrested in Los Angeles and charged with attempting to fleece J. Y. Peterson, a realty broker,	,	PUNCT	in	ADP	 in
I took it. I was broke. " The film gained approval from the Federal Bureau of Narcotics to use the drug references, a standard practice at the time even though the Bureau had no power to censor the films. The film used its plot to push	push	VERB	many	ADJ	 many
The Downpatrick runestone monument marking the site was erected in March 2003 to mark the 900th anniversary of his death. The burial site is largely only accessible via the heritage railway in Downpatrick; a halt overlooking the barrow and runestone has been built by the Downpatrick and County	County	PROPN	Down	PROPN	 Down
The lower Rogue passes through the Southern Oregon Coast Range, where forests include Douglas fir, western hemlock, tanoak, Port Orford cedar, and western redcedar, and at lower elevations Sitka spruce. Coastal forests extending from British Columbia in the north to Oregon (and	and	CCONJ	the	DET	 the
It was 380 mm (15 in) over the rear magazine. The belt armor was carried forward of the magazines at a thickness of 220 mm (8.7 in) and terminated in a steeply sloped (30°) transverse 285 mm (11.2 in) bulkhead	bulkhead	NOUN	that	PRON	 that
Five time champion Eddy Merckx believed the route to be " decapitated. " The Giro began with a 1 km (0.6 mi) prologue that navigated through the streets of Palermo, which was won by Urs Freuler by one second over the second placed finisher. Later	Later	ADV	that	DET	 that
There he met a woman named Christiana Chinwe (Christie) Okoli, who had grown up in the area and joined the NBS staff when he arrived. They first conversed when she brought to his attention a pay discrepancy; a friend of hers found that, although	although	SCONJ	they	PRON	 they
During the 15th century the French kings continued to face threats both from the English and from the rival factions of the Burgundians and the Armagnacs. The Bastille was strategically vital during the period, both because of its role as a royal fortress and safe haven inside the	the	DET	capital	NOUN	 capital
Seizures are treated with anticonvulsants. Hydrocephalus (obstructed flow of CSF) may require insertion of a temporary or long term drainage device, such as a cerebral shunt. Empiric antibiotics (treatment without exact diagnosis) should be started immediately, even before the results of the	the	DET	lumbar	NOUN	 lumbar
At the same time, Jardine held positions of increasing influence in India. He was Perry Professor of Jurisprudence and Roman Law from 1898 to 1902 and then Principal of the Government Law School until 1903. Subsequently, he was Clerk of the Crown, before being appointed	appointed	VERB	Advocate	PROPN	 Advocate
Palace once again could not maintain their seat at the top table, however, and again dropped down a division in spite of the 21 Premiership goals struck by Andrew Johnson, the second highest goalscorer in the division. Palace now held the distinction of being the only	only	ADJ	team	NOUN	 team
Designed by architect Hugh Taylor and interior design by Jac Lessman, it was the fifth resort to open on the Strip. It was situated between Desert Inn Road and Sands Avenue. The Desert Inn opened with 300 rooms and the Sky Room restaurant, headed by a	a	DET	chef	NOUN	 chef
Writing in the January 1840 issue of Knickerbocker, he openly endorsed copyright legislation pending in the U.S. Congress. " We have a young literature ", he wrote, " springing up and daily unfolding itself with wonderful energy and luxuriance, which... deserves all its fostering	fostering	VERB	care	NOUN	 care
Homer and Gibson begin work on the film while the rest of the family explores Hollywood, where they encounter celebrities such as Ellen DeGeneres, Eddie, the dog from Frasier, and also spot Robert Downey Jr in a shoot out with police. When Homer's ideas	ideas	NOUN	prove	VERB	 prove
An 1801 map produced by George Langlands identified nine villages: Kilmory to the north at the head of Glen Kilmory, Samhnan Insir just to the north between Kilmory and Rubha Samhnan Insir, Camas Pliasgiag in the northeast, " Kinlochscresort ", (the modern Kinloch)	)	PUNCT	,	PUNCT	,
In 2003, on Australia Day (26 January), Morris became an Australian citizen and in 2010 she received the Medal of the Order of Australia. Jenny Morris was born in Tokoroa, New Zealand and grew up in Hamilton with three brothers (Alistair, Rhys	Rhys	PROPN	and	CCONJ	 and
In 1933, H.D. traveled to Vienna to undergo analysis with Sigmund Freud. She had an interest in Freud's theories as far back as 1909, when she read some of his works in the original German. H.D. was referred by Bryher's psychoanalyst due to her	her	PRON	apparent	ADJ	 apparent
He had joined the Royal Naval Volunteer Reserve in 1941, and was serving at Combined Operations Headquarters. They married shortly before he was shipped overseas. He was taught Japanese in the United States and went on serve in the Pacific as a translator. The marriage bar	bar	NOUN	was	AUX	 was
" In October 1987, encouraged by Senator Phil Gramm of Texas, McEwen announced he would challenge Senator Howard M. Metzenbaum, a Democrat, in his 1988 bid for re election, but McEwen found he lacked statewide support and would face a strong primary challenger in Cleveland	Cleveland	PROPN	mayor	NOUN	 mayor
For his work on the expedition, Ninnis was awarded the Arctic Medal, and promoted to Fleet Surgeon. He later published a report, Diseases Incidental to the Eskimo Dogs of Smith's Sound: Diagnosis and Treatment, on his findings during the expedition. Ninnis spent	spent	VERB	the	DET	 the
JG 11 was tasked with Reichsverteidigung (Defense of the Reich), and despite officially being banned from flying operational missions Graf managed to down six more aircraft over the next four months. On 29 March 1944 Graf shot down one P 51 Mustang and in the confusion	confusion	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
Elvis Mitchell from The New York Times mentioned the visual similarities between David Dunn on patrol in his poncho and the DC Comics character known as The Spectre. As in comic books, the main characters have their identified color schemes and aliases. David's are green and	and	CCONJ	"	PUNCT	 "
After the news reached the French authorities currently in control of Syria, the report was investigated, and digging on the site was started on December 14, 1933 by archaeologists from the Louvre in Paris. Discoveries came quickly, with the temple of Ishtar being discovered in	in	ADP	the	DET	 the
Shaw's image in this scene was replaced with that of Christensen in the 2004 release. This last attempt to tie the prequel and original trilogies together proved to be possibly the most controversial change in the Star Wars re releases. Although Shaw's unmasking scene lasted only	only	ADV	two	NUM	 two
At the end of World War I the Dutch prime minister did acknowledge the high quality of Muller's work in setting up the camps and bringing and maintaining order and human dignity under very trying circumstances. Apart from his position as member of the Consular Examinations Commission,	,	PUNCT	this	DET	 this
At its peak, the line to pass by Nixon's casket was three miles long with an estimated 42,000 people waiting to pay their respects. John F. Stacks of Time magazine said of Nixon shortly after his death, An outsize energy and determination drove him on to	to	PART	recover	VERB	 recover
On the flight back from Armenia in 2011, after each receiving the Armenian Presidential medal of Honour, Gillan and Iommi decided to form the side project WhoCares for ad hoc recordings (and possible performances) dedicated to raising money for specific causes. On 20 September 2013	2013	NUM	Ian	PROPN	 Ian
Meanwhile, to distract Chris from the Army, Peter takes him to look at extracurricular activities at his school, where he is accepted into a heavy metal band. Chris develops a rebellious and rude attitude after joining the band, and he significantly changes his appearance.	.	PUNCT	Peter	PROPN	 Peter
The money was provided from the royal stannaries of Cornwall. A contemporary poem tells of a vow made by the earl on the eve of the wars – he would not open one of his eyes while fighting in France. The story is probably a satire; the	the	DET	truth	NOUN	 truth
The range in eastern Africa has reduced to 6% of its original range, so that presently it is distributed in an area of 310,586 km2 (119,918 sq mi). In the Horn of Africa, the cheetah occurs in Ethiopia, Kenya, South Sudan,	,	PUNCT	Tanzania	PROPN	 Tanzania
" Her position remained uncertain. The Daily Telegraph's Alan Cochrane wrote that many Labour MPs in Scotland feared losing their seats in the 2015 UK general election without a change of leadership. In the weeks following the referendum, SNP membership increased fourfold, reaching more than	than	ADP	100,000	NUM	 100,000
On her way to the Raccoon City Police Department, Jill runs into fellow team member Brad Vickers, who is killed by a new enemy. This creature, named Nemesis, is a bio organic weapon programmed to target surviving S.T.A.R.S. members, witnesses of Umbrella's experiments	experiments	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
Oxidative phosphorylation works by using energy releasing chemical reactions to drive energy requiring reactions: The two sets of reactions are said to be coupled. This means one can not occur without the other. The flow of electrons through the electron transport chain, from electron donors such	such	ADJ	as	ADP	 as
Roman administration collapsed at the beginning of the 5th century and nothing has been found at the site that is datable after this time. The settlement must have been significant for some time; it is listed in the 9th century Historia Brittonum, and Reno writes " Wall	Wall	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
A conference by Namco on June 9, 2003 revealed the game will be on two disks and its theme song will be " Starry Heavens " by Day After Tomorrow. To celebrate its release in Japan, the game was bundled with a symphonic green Nintendo GameCube.	.	PUNCT	For	ADP	 For
Plug in hybrids eliminate the problem of range anxiety associated to all electric vehicles, because the combustion engine works as a backup when the batteries are depleted, giving PHEVs driving range comparable to other vehicles with gasoline tanks. Several national and local governments have established tax credits	credits	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
Kota attacks the figure, but is driven back and force pushed over the edge with numerous troops. As the figure removes his cowl, Vader tells the dying Starkiller he lied when he said the cloning process had not been perfected, revealing the figure to be a	a	DET	dark	ADJ	 dark
England declared on the last morning of the game, setting Australia a world record 404 runs to win in only 345 minutes on a heavily worn wicket. In partnership with Arthur Morris (182), Bradman reeled off 173 not out and the match was won with	with	ADP	15	NUM	 15
General Freyberg's 2nd New Zealand Division was given the task of defending the coastal pass, while Mackay's 6th Australian Division was to hold the village of Brallos. After the battle Mackay was quoted as saying " I did not dream of evacuation; I thought that	that	SCONJ	we	PRON	 we
At the same time, Henry and his descendants normally followed the will of the courts, despite the fact they were theoretically not bound by judges. William Holdsworth infers that by regularly asking the legal officers of the crown and judiciary for legal advice and consent, Henry	Henry	PROPN	recognised	VERB	 recognised
On election night, it was thought that Playford's long tenure was over, but he did not concede. There was speculation that Playford would let an inexperienced Labor form a minority government as the economic difficulties might make it a poisoned chalice. After a week of	of	ADP	silence	NOUN	 silence
Because the Midland and Great Northern Joint Railway (M & GNJR) line approached Cromer from the west, following the coastal clifftops, it avoided the steep escarpment which had prevented the earlier line from Norwich running all the way into the town. Consequently, it became	became	VERB	possible	ADJ	 possible
The cenotaph outside the town hall was designed by Ashton upon Mersey sculptor Arthur Sherwood Edwards and is a Grade II listed building. It commemorates the 400 men from Sale who died in the First World War and the 300 who died in the Second World War. The	The	DET	memorial	NOUN	 memorial
He previously played for the St. Louis Cardinals, where he received three National League (NL) MVP awards (2005, 2008, 2009) and was a nine time MLB All Star (2001, 2003, 2004, 2005, 2006, 2007, 2008,	,	PUNCT	2009	NUM	 2009
In fact, the narrator is never named in the novel, suggesting, as one critic explains, " that the quest for the dark side of human nature is more universal than specific to a concrete character ". Religion is also a dominant theme of The Historian	Historian	PROPN	.	PUNCT	.
Tigranes also possessed several thousand cataphracts, formidable heavily armored cavalry that were clad in mail armor and armed with lances, spears or bows. The two armies converged toward the Batman Su river slightly to the southwest to Tigranocerta. Tigranes ' army was positioned on the east	east	PROPN	bank	PROPN	 bank
Norwich had qualified for a place in the UEFA Cup, but were denied their first foray into European competition when English club sides were banned, following the Heysel Stadium disaster. City made an immediate return to the top flight by winning the Second Division championship in the	the	DET	1985	NUM	 1985
Matthew Paris, a Benedictine monk and cartographer, drew a map in this manner in the mid thirteenth century and called the " island " Scotia ultra marina. A later medieval Italian map applies this geographical conceptualization to all of Scotland. The Arab geographer al Idrisi,	,	PUNCT	shared	VERB	 shared
The Turks were on the run and the Aus. Div. was after them. We could see the horses jumping the trenches, dust everywhere. As the 4th Light Horse Regiment approached the fortifications directly in front of them, their leading squadron jumped the advance trenches	trenches	NOUN	at	ADP	 at
Therefore, I must point out that it is altogether different from fear and similar concepts that refer to something definite, whereas anxiety is freedom ’ s actuality as the possibility of possibility. For this reason, anxiety is not found in the beast, precisely because by	by	ADP	nature	NOUN	 nature
The Wallingford, Mount Baker, and Crown Hill neighborhoods are technically located on hills as well. Many of the hilliest areas are near the city center, with Capitol Hill, First Hill, and Beacon Hill collectively constituting something of a ridge along an isthmus between Elliott	Elliott	PROPN	Bay	PROPN	 Bay
" She often described herself as a " loner " and a " depressed teenager ". Her only extracurricular activity was occasionally skateboarding with her older brother, and she spent most of her free time in her bedroom: " Mostly I sewed. I had nothing better	better	ADJ	to	PART	 to
Team Saxo Bank's Chris Anker Sørensen won stage 8 on Monte Terminillo after figuring into a morning breakaway, and their time trial specialist Gustav Larsson won the final race against the clock in Verona. Team HTC – Columbia won multiple sprint stages, first with leadout man	man	NOUN	Matthew	PROPN	 Matthew
Peel's wife died in 1933. Peel lived until 1941, when he died at the house of his daughter. Among those who attended his funeral were Hirst and Rhodes. Wisden said that as a bowler, Peel had a " fine length, easy action and	and	CCONJ	splendid	ADJ	 splendid
The X Files ends when Mulder is secretly subjected to a military tribunal for breaking into a Top Secret military facility and viewing plans for alien invasion and colonization of Earth. He is found guilty, but he escapes punishment with the help of the other agents and he	he	PRON	and	CCONJ	 and
The act also required that the dies be destroyed after the coining was done, something numismatists Anthony Swiatek and Walter Breen questioned as duplicating provisions in the Coinage Act of 1873. The designs were prepared in house at the Philadelphia Mint by Chief Engraver Charles E. Barber,	,	PUNCT	who	PRON	 who
Jesus is arrested for his illegal prank and is sent to jail. Peter is asked by Jesus to bail him out. Now in disrepute, Jesus decides that maybe he was not mature enough to return to the world yet and bids farewell to the family. Before	Before	SCONJ	he	PRON	 he
In one game in January 2008, Neilson came off the bench to score four goals for Ware against Tilbury in a 5 – 2 victory. The goals went towards Neilson's total of 23 from 40 games for Ware in the Isthmian League First Division North, helping	helping	VERB	Ware	PROPN	 Ware
Johnson: I would not mislead people. Shand: You did, didn't you — the state bodies, about Barnes? Johnson: Yes. Shand had nearly reduced Johnson to tears, having previously caused a senior police officer to cry during the hearing of a	a	DET	royal	ADJ	 royal
Srihari was cast in his role in the film in early April 2008. Kim Sharma was selected to perform one of the two item numbers in the film in early June 2008. Saloni Aswani made a cameo appearance in the film and shot for three days. She	She	PRON	was	AUX	 was
Through an overheard split, Shep is shown to be reminiscing about the party. The next scene shows Shep back home, lying on his side in apparent despair. His master tries to get Shep to eat some food, but the Collie refuses and turns on his	his	PRON	side	NOUN	 side
In 1913, official rules for Shrine priests — Kankokuheisha ika jinja shinshoku hömu kisoku (官国幣社以下神社神 職奉務規則) — specifically called upon " a duty to observe festivals conforming to the rituals of the state. " Some shrines did adopt State Shinto practice independent of financial support from	from	ADP	the	DET	 the
" In the Sunday Gazette Mail, Chris Vognar called the book " chilling, doggedly reported and researched ". A review in the Rocky Mountain News stated of the book, " Displaying meticulous research, and personalizing the larger story through individual experiences, Blackmon's book	book	NOUN	opens	VERB	 opens
The Nazi Party was banned in Austria around the same time. These events were factors in Eichmann's decision to return to Germany. Like many other National Socialists fleeing Austria in the spring of 1933, Eichmann left for Passau, where he joined Andreas Bolek at his	his	PRON	headquarters	NOUN	 headquarters
Eventually, Lieutenant Colonel J. V. B. Jervis Reid, head of Ops (B), spotted a photograph of Meyrick Clifton James in the News Chronicle. James, an Australian, had spent 25 years as an actor before the war, and at the time was	was	AUX	assigned	VERB	 assigned
" He explained that the process was for the three of them to pitch stories together and work on fleshing them out. Following Coto's appointment as executive producer, he also sought to make changes to the writing team. Judith and Garfield Reeves Stevens joined the team	team	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
McMahon began dating Paul Levesque, better known as Triple H, in 2000 during their scripted romance. They were engaged on Valentine's Day in 2003 and were married on October 25, 2003. In a radio interview with Opie and Anthony in 2004, Levesque claimed	claimed	VERB	he	PRON	 he
Cambridge went into the race as reigning champions, having defeated Oxford by three lengths in the previous year's race, while Oxford led overall with sixteen wins to Cambridge's fourteen. Cambridge were coached by John Graham Chambers (who rowed for Cambridge in the 1862 and	and	CCONJ	1863	NUM	 1863
The Crusade gave him a further opportunity, which he took after the Siege of Antioch, taking possession of the city and establishing the Principality of Antioch. The great French nobles and their trained armies of knights, however, were not the first to undertake the journey	journey	NOUN	towards	ADP	 towards
Forty percent of the students stay at least two hours after school for rehearsals, private lessons, and productions. The program stresses discipline and performance. There are no appreciation courses; the curriculum emphasizes that arts appreciation grows from practicing an art. The interrelation of the	the	DET	arts	NOUN	 arts
Antón noted that modern animals like the hippopotamus are able to achieve a wide gap without tearing tissue by the moderate folding of the orbicularis oris muscle, and such a muscle configuration exists in modern large felids. Antón stated that extant phylogenetic bracketing (where the features of	of	ADP	the	DET	 the
John Knox linked it with the Romantic works of Walter Scott and was one of the first artists to take an interest in the urban landscape of Glasgow. Aberdeen born John Alexander and William Mossman were the leading portrait artists of the first half of the century. Allan	Allan	PROPN	Ramsay	PROPN	 Ramsay
Towards the end of 1894, encouraged by the positive reception of the editing of her husband's autobiography, Lady Gregory turned her attention to another editorial project. She decided to prepare selections from Sir William Gregory's grandfather's correspondence for publication as Mr Gregory's Letter	Letter	PROPN	Box	PROPN	 Box
In 2013 Hannigan contributed vocals to the soundtrack for Alfonso Cuarón's film Gravity. In 2014 Hannigan provided vocals along with John Smith for the Steven Price conducted soundtrack for the Brad Pitt blockbuster ' Fury '. On September 14, Lisa performed in the Roundhouse for the	the	DET	iTunes	PROPN	 iTunes
Generally, fans reacted with confusion as to why the short existed. Bill Oakley and several other writers loved the short so much that they wanted to do more, but time limitations prevented them. As a result, Oakley and Josh Weinstein decided to produce an entire	entire	ADJ	episode	NOUN	 episode
A new gun battery was built at the fort during the Napoleonic Wars, but the fortification then fell into decline and was extensively damaged by the construction of a sea wall along the coast. The remains of the earthworks were excavated by archaeologists between 2002 and 2003.	.	PUNCT	Mersea	PROPN	 Mersea
In the prequel game Before Crisis, Zack supports Shinra in their fight against the eco terrorist group AVALANCHE. During the game, two of his SOLDIER acquaintances are captured and experimented upon, and though Zack is able to bring them back to their senses, he is	is	AUX	unable	ADJ	 unable
By the time they reached 7 – 3 – 1 following a November 3 victory over the New York Rangers, they had taken over the Adams Division lead. The streak included two unbeaten stretches of at least 10 games. They went 9 – 0 – 1 on	on	ADP	a	DET	 a
Gossard recalled that " everyone wasn't on the same page " due to McCready's absence and the familiarization with Cameron. Three instrumentals featured on the Touring Band 2000 DVD (" Thunderclap ", " Foldback ", and " Harmony ") come from the early	early	ADJ	Binaural	ADJ	 Binaural
ABC's entertainment president Steve McPherson denied the rumor, stating: " There is an unbelievable storyline for her this year, which is really central to everything that's going to go on this season ". Speculation resumed, however, when Dean Morgan returned to the	the	DET	show	NOUN	 show
On Blamey's recommendation, Wilton was honoured for the " particularly high standard " of his work on the general staff with appointment as an Officer of the Order of the British Empire (OBE), promulgated on 6 March 1947. Wilton was still only a substantive	substantive	ADJ	captain	NOUN	 captain
" – 50 Cent " In da Club " became 50's first number one. It peaked at # 1 for 9 weeks on the Billboard Hot 100 and remained on the chart for 30 weeks. The track also reached # 1 on the Top 40 Tracks,	,	PUNCT	Hot	PROPN	 Hot
They all had imported engines fitted, but trialled various small improvements for the production aircraft that included cooling vents for the crankcase, introduction of a pitot tube and static vent in the starboard upper wing, a faired headrest for the pilot, and a metal propeller whose	whose	DET	pitch	NOUN	 pitch
Other areas of employment include call centres, the City Council, universities and hospitals. Sheffield is a major retail centre, and is home to many High Street and department stores as well as designer boutiques. The main shopping areas in the city centre are on The	The	DET	Moor	PROPN	 Moor
The crew returned to Universal to shoot Grant's rescue of Tim, using a fifty foot prop with hydraulic wheels for the car fall, and the Brachiosaurus encounter. The crew filmed scenes for the Park's labs and control room, which used animations for the computers	computers	NOUN	lent	VERB	 lent
He was successful in persuading two recently arrived Egyptian bishops, Mikael and Gabriel, into accepting a compromise aimed at restoring harmony with the House of Ewostatewos, as the followers of Ewostatewos were known. At the same time, he made efforts to pacify the House of	of	ADP	Ewostatewos	PROPN	 Ewostatewos
Promoted to the rank of first lieutenant, Dodd was ordered to join the 1st Aero Squadron at Texas City, Texas, on 9 March 1913. In June Dodd, along with his squadron, transferred to the San Diego Signal Corps Aviation School (now known as	as	ADP	Rockwell	PROPN	 Rockwell
This followed being named National Defensive Player of the Year at the end of the previous season. Tech's leading tackler was linebacker Brandon Semones, who accumulated 88 during the season. Free safety Torrian Gray also was a significant presence on the Virginia Tech defense. Gray	Gray	PROPN	ranked	VERB	 ranked
To the west of this lies Waipapa Point, often considered the boundary of the Catlins region, beyond which lies the swampy land around the mouth of the Mataura River at the eastern end of Toetoes Bay. But various people place the western boundary of the Catlins region	region	NOUN	in	ADP	 in
During this period, Ernest becomes entranced with Debba, a woman from a local village, whom the others jokingly refer to as his second wife. From her and the villagers he wants to learn tribal practices and customs. When Mary's lion is finally killed at	at	ADP	the	DET	 the
He started in the 2010 Conference Premier play off Final at Wembley on 16 May, being substituted on 73 minutes, which York lost 3 – 1 to Carruthers ' former club Oxford. He finished the season with 39 appearances and three goals for York. Carruthers made	made	VERB	his	PRON	 his
Upon completion of the modifications on 1 September, Engadine was assigned to the Harwich Force along with the seaplane tenders Empress and Riviera. On Christmas Day 1914, nine aircraft from all three ships took part in the Cuxhaven Raid on hangars housing Zeppelin airships. Seven of	of	ADP	the	DET	 the
In 185 CE, Chinese astronomers recorded the appearance of a bright star in the sky, and observed that it took about eight months to fade from the sky. It was observed to sparkle like a star and did not move across the heavens like a comet.	.	PUNCT	These	DET	 These
Released in 1982, it was widely considered to be one of the worst video games ever made. William Kotzwinkle, author of the film's novelization, wrote a sequel, E.T.: The Book of the Green Planet, which was published in 1985. In the	the	DET	novel	NOUN	 novel
Since 15 August 2013, PewDiePie's channel has been the most subscribed user on YouTube, being surpassed briefly in November and December 2013 by YouTube's Spotlight channel. Holding the position since 22 December 2013, the channel has reached over 46 million subscribers, as of	of	ADP	July	PROPN	 July
Gaza was ruled, destroyed and repopulated by various dynasties, empires, and peoples. Originally a Canaanite settlement, it came under the control of the ancient Egyptians for roughly 350 years before being conquered and becoming one of the Philistines ' principal cities. Gaza fell to	to	ADP	the	DET	 the
Fifty six Catholics with superior hereditary claims were bypassed. The likelihood of any of them converting to Protestantism for the sake of the succession was remote; some had already refused. In August 1701, George was invested with the Order of the Garter and, within six	six	NUM	weeks	NOUN	 weeks
First the roof was blasted, then work started downwards. The first eight months were used for excavation, and 140,000 cubic meters (4,900,000 cu ft) of rock in 29,000 truckloads were removed. 170 tonnes (170 long tons; 190 short tons) of dynamite	dynamite	NOUN	were	AUX	 were
This was done by initially constructing a concrete plate, flat on the ground, which was 5 metres (16 ft) thick and weighed 37,000 tons. It was incrementally raised by hydraulic jacks and then supported by walls which were built underneath it as it was raised	raised	VERB	,	PUNCT	,
Charles Carroll Sawyer m. Henry Tucker When Johnny Comes Marching Home Again, by Louis Lambert & Patrick Gilmore You Are Going to the Wars, Willie Boy!, w.m. John Hill Hewitt The Young Volunteer, w.m. John Hill Hewitt Tramp! Tramp! Tramp!	!	PUNCT	(	PUNCT	 (
Dvořák often adapted Bohemian folklore for his compositions, and his previous four symphonic poems were based on actual poems by the Czech poet Karel Jaromír Erben, especially Erben's collection of ballads Kytice. A Hero's Song broke away from this pattern of programmatic symphonic works,	,	PUNCT	as	SCONJ	 as
While some nudes existed in private collections, England had no tradition of nude painting and the display and distribution of nude material to the public had been suppressed since the 1787 Proclamation for the Discouragement of Vice. Etty was the first British artist to specialise in the nude	nude	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
Some reviewers still felt that Lightning Bolt was not up to the standards set by the band's previous work. Blue Sullivan of Slant Magazine gave the album three out of five stars, saying that the album had a " familiar spark " and was dragged down by	by	ADP	"	PUNCT	 "
The fourth player likewise plays a card following these same rules. When all four cards of the trick are on the table, the pair that played the card with the strongest card wins the hand. The trump suit beats the other three suits, with the ranking	ranking	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
The album cover by Hugh Syme shows mascot Vic Rattlehead breaking out of Mustaine. The album's lead single was " Moto Psycho ", and a video was also made for this song. The song is about people who commute every day to work, spending a	a	DET	lot	NOUN	 lot
In the 1840s, many Irish emigrated to avoid the potato famine and began street selling at Whitechapel Market and along Whitechapel Road. The Jewish community settled on and around Whitechapel Road from the 1850s onwards. In the 1880s, the community expanded rapidly as Ashkenazi Jews fled	fled	VERB	to	ADP	 to
The latter ruled Keserwan until his death without progeny in 1523, after which he was succeeded by Hasan's son Mansur. Mansur had a long reign and was accorded by the Ottomans numerous districts in Mount Lebanon and its environs as tax farms. He eliminated many of	of	ADP	his	PRON	 his
Construction began in the west end of Ottawa in 1967. On October 31, 1969, a short extension to Moodie Drive was completed, including the realignment of that road for continuity north and south of Highway 417. The following year, the freeway was extended to	to	ADP	March	PROPN	 March
The airline fleet consisted of a Puss Moth aircraft and a Leopard Moth. Initial service included weekly airmail service between Karachi and Madras via Ahmedabad and Bombay. In its first year of operation, the airline flew 160,000 miles (260,000 km), carrying 155 passengers and	and	CCONJ	9.72	NUM	 9.72
The spores are non amyloid — unable to take up iodine stain in the chemical test with Melzer's reagent. The spore bearing cells, the basidia, are club shaped and 4 spored, with dimensions of 33.6 – 43.2 by 5.6 – 8 µm. Although this	this	DET	species	NOUN	 species
As part of the R211 subway car order, the MTA is planning to test a train of 10 open gangway experimental prototype cars, which could increase capacity by up to 10% by utilizing the space, that in previous models was the unused space between cars.	.	PUNCT	The	DET	 The
As the flight time from Port Moresby to Cairns was only a few hours, this was considered safe, but since the disease can be fatal if not treated promptly, Fairley was concerned lest the cases be delayed for some reason. Movement Control suggested that a special	special	ADJ	priority	NOUN	 priority
All three groups received the same test. Adjusted for previous SAT scores, subjects in the non diagnostic challenge condition performed significantly better than those in the non diagnostic only condition and those in the diagnostic condition. In the first experiment, the race by condition interaction was	was	AUX	marginally	ADV	 marginally
Numerous insurance claims, reaching $65 million by early November, were made following Hurricane Igor's landfall Over the course of the recovery phase, several complaints, including concerns lodged by church ministers, that relief funds for victims of the storm were not being distributed fast	fast	ADV	enough	ADV	 enough
All the well camouflaged redoubts were eventually located and captured and the Ottoman defenders surrendered in the late afternoon. At the beginning of the First World War, the Egyptian police which had controlled the Sinai Desert were withdrawn, leaving the area largely unprotected. In February 1915	1915	NUM	,	PUNCT	,
In that year he joined three other pianists in recording a CD tribute to Memphis pianist Phineas Newborn, Jr. This group, the Contemporary Piano Ensemble, performed intermittently until 1996, often playing together on four separate pianos. In 1990 Miller traveled to the Soviet Union to	to	PART	appear	VERB	 appear
When Urrea began marching south in mid May, many families from San Patricio who had supported the Mexican army went with him. When Texian troops arrived in early June, they found only 20 families remaining. The area around San Patricio and Refugio suffered a " noticeable	noticeable	ADJ	depopulation	NOUN	 depopulation
Three trusts were established in his will. The first, focused on education related to " the theory of production for use and not for profit ", received half of his estate; the second, aimed at " safeguarding and advancement of the cause of civil liberties	liberties	NOUN	"	PUNCT	 "
, the match was announced to be taking place at Final Resolution. The event featured employees other than the wrestlers involved in the matches. Mike Tenay and Don West were the commentators for the telecast. Jeremy Borash and David Penzer were ring announcers for the event.	.	PUNCT	Andrew	PROPN	 Andrew
On Tanya's hen night, Cora takes a dislike to Vanessa Gold (Zöe Lucker) after Vanessa laughs about them living on a council estate. The next day, Tanya's ex husband, Max, goes to Tanya's house after tearing their daughter Abi Branning	Branning	PROPN	's	PART	's
Stewart led the field on the lap 342 restart, ahead of Mears and Earnhardt. Johnson moved up to fourth place by lap 367; three laps later, Stewart had a 1.1 second lead over Mears and had extended it to 2.7 seconds by the 380th lap.	.	PUNCT	The	DET	 The
The school operates across two sites: one at Westholme, Sleaford, and the other in Ruskington, which approximately 350 pupils attend. The school is co educational and has a maximum capacity of 2,500 pupils; as of January 2014, there are 2,220 pupils on roll	roll	NOUN	:	PUNCT	:
After crossing the Malay Peninsula, Typhoon Gay moved through the Andaman Islands on November 6. As a precautionary measure, all air and sea traffic were suspended to the region. Winds in excess of 120 km / h (75 mph) battered North Andaman Island,	,	PUNCT	causing	VERB	 causing
As their largest operation, supported by Estonian Police Battalions No. 37, 38 and Mauritz Freiherr von Strachwitz's tank squadron, they destroyed the bridgehead of two Soviet divisions and recaptured Kärevere Bridge by 30 August. The operation shifted the entire front back to the southern	southern	ADJ	bank	PROPN	 bank
He is ambivalent whether any believing Christian can become a martyr by virtue of the manner of their death, or whether martyrdom is reserved for those who have lived exceptional lives. Marcionites can not become martyrs, because they do not believe in the divinity of God the	the	DET	Father	PROPN	 Father
Video replay footage can be captured in specific game modes, including Brawl and Target Smash! modes, and sent to friends in the same manner. Snapshots, custom stages and replays can be submitted to Nintendo's " Smash Service " for a chance to get the	the	DET	content	NOUN	 content
His directive ordered all U boats out of the English Channel and the South Western Approaches and required that all submarine activity in the North Sea be conducted strictly along prize regulations. On 20 February 1916, under the command of Kapitänleutnant Karl Neumann, who replaced Becker in	in	ADP	December	PROPN	 December
It was her first extensive work as " a self supporting professional and self proclaimed intellectual ", as scholar Mary Poovey writes, and: took the form that most people would have considered the least appropriate for a woman — the political disquisition. Requiring knowledge of government	government	NOUN	(	PUNCT	 (
By 1900, the congregation had 160 members, and the congregational school, which held classes for two hours once a week, had ten teachers and 150 students. Though the synagogue had undertaken innovations in some areas of Jewish law, it still insisted on strict adherence	adherence	NOUN	in	ADP	 in
The maneuver, according to the command history, " marked the first time a U.S. battleship had operated in the Soviet Navy's backyard. " Following an overhaul at Long Beach which lasted into 1988 New Jersey returned to the Pacific Ocean, this time operating as part	part	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
In Brighton he served as an altar boy, which he enjoyed, but when sent at about fifteen to the nearby Xaverian College, a seminary for trainee priests, he ran away. As a pupil at a series of schools he was uninterested in most subjects and	and	CCONJ	was	AUX	 was
Neil Shubin and Ted Daeschler, the leaders of the team, have been searching Ellesmere Island for fossils since 2000 We're making the hypothesis that this animal was specialized for living in shallow stream systems, perhaps swampy habitats, perhaps even to some of the ponds.	.	PUNCT	And	CCONJ	 And
In her time with The Lady, Gibbons established a reputation as a caustic book reviewer, and was particularly critical of the then fashionable " loam and lovechild " rural novels. Novelists such as Mary Webb and Sheila Kaye Smith had achieved considerable popularity through their depictions of	of	ADP	country	NOUN	 country
The Norman horse Thoroughbred crossbreds produced at these studs were divided into two groups. The first were lighter cavalry horses, and the second were heavier horses, called " cobs ", used for draft work in the region. At this time, there was no breed	breed	NOUN	registry	NOUN	 registry
Fuller was the only woman painter to be represented. A critic writing in The West Australian observed: The work... is essentially Australian in almost every detail. Standing in a sunlit Australian paddock, a lithesome Australian blonde holds her summer hat on against the rude caresses	caresses	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
He was replaced by Keith Johnson, the New South Wales delegate to the Australian Board of Control. Johnson had previously managed the Australian Services team — which included Keith Miller and Lindsay Hassett — in the Victory Tests that took place in 1945 at the conclusion of the	the	DET	Second	PROPN	 Second
The player is able to select one of four difficulty levels which affect the number and complexity of the note patterns they have to hit, and the speed at which the on screen display scrolls. Guitar Hero Live can also be played by two players, both playing	playing	VERB	on	ADP	 on
Neighboring Minnesota, where trappers collected more than 300,000 painted turtles during the 1990s, commissioned a study of painted turtle harvesting. Scientists found that harvested lakes averaged half the painted turtle density of off limit lakes, and population modeling suggested that unrestricted harvests could produce a large	large	ADJ	decline	NOUN	 decline
Religious (ulama) and legal (kadı) officials, important parts of the old Ottoman order, openly declared their antipathy for Şahin. Rebel forces attacked Kaffa on 14 May [O.S. 3 May] 1782. Şahin's forces were swiftly defeated, and he was	was	AUX	forced	VERB	 forced
All of these albums were moderately successful, peaking at 61, 58, 72, and 66 respectively on the Billboard 200. Notably, Webb did not provide any songwriting for In the Company of Angels or Back Home, despite having been a primary songwriter for the	the	DET	band	NOUN	 band
Bear sightings on the trail are uncommon, except in certain sections, especially Shenandoah National Park and portions of New Jersey, New York, Connecticut, and Massachusetts sections, where bear populations have increased steadily since 1980; confrontations are rarer still. Other hazards include venomous	venomous	ADJ	snakes	NOUN	 snakes
Four other songs were hits on the Hot Dance Club Play; " Sandcastle Disco " peaked at number 1, " T.O.N.Y. " at number 1, " I Told You So " at number 5 and " Would've Been the One " at number 3. Sol	Sol	PROPN	Angel	PROPN	 Angel
Immediately to the south of the house is a wide 100 metre (330 ft) long terrace with a stone balustrade. From the centre of this, aligned with the central portico of the house, stone steps descend in three flights over grass covered terraces to an	an	DET	oval	NOUN	 oval
Debris and flooding also impeded and obstructed of parts of the Bruce, Gillies, and Palmerston highways. Rescue and relief work was impeded by overloaded telephone communications, and consequentially, Telecom ceased telephone service between Townsville and Ingham. Nearly 400 mm (16 in) of	of	ADP	rainfall	NOUN	 rainfall
Howe ordered his ships to pursue the enemy rear, and the British line was placed on a tack that was intended to cut through the French line and isolate and capture the ships east of the cut. Captain Anthony Molloy in HMS Caesar was chosen to lead the	the	DET	attack	NOUN	 attack
Official Fellows are those who hold tutorial or administrative appointments in the college. Past Official Fellows include the composer and musicologist John Caldwell, the historians Sir Goronwy Edwards and Niall Ferguson, the philosopher Galen Strawson and the political philosopher John Gray. There are also Senior and	and	CCONJ	Junior	PROPN	 Junior
Reconstitution is done by soaking in hot, but not boiling, water for about twenty minutes; the water used is infused with the mushroom aroma and it too can be used in subsequent cooking. Dried porcini have more protein than most other commonly consumed vegetables apart from	from	ADP	soybeans	NOUN	 soybeans
No satisfactory explanation had been made for the delay and, in the judge's view, the application " was oppressive, and was not brought to protect any legitimate interest. " The judgement was upheld by the Court of Appeal on 22 October. The decision by	by	ADP	Lord	PROPN	 Lord
Historically, Skye was overwhelmingly Gaelic speaking, but this changed between 1921 and 2001. In both the 1901 and 1921 censuses, all Skye parishes were more than 75 per cent Gaelic speaking. By 1971, only Kilmuir parish had more than three quarters Gaelic speakers while	while	SCONJ	the	DET	 the
In his most recent corporate position he was vice president of marketing at NewsEdge until the business was sold to Thomson Corporation in 2002. He says " I didn't plan on becoming a marketing strategist... I came upon it accidentally... " At NewsEdge he and his	his	PRON	team	NOUN	 team
The site is located on federal land adjacent to the Nevada Test Site in Nye County, Nevada, about 80 mi (130 km) northwest of the Las Vegas Valley. The project was approved in 2002 by the United States Congress, but Federal funding for the	the	DET	site	NOUN	 site
One of the earliest foreign references to Bengal is a mention by the Ancient Greeks around 100 BC of a land named Gangaridai, which was located at the mouths of the Ganges. Bengal had overseas trade relations with Suvarnabhumi (Burma, Lower Thailand, Lower Malay Peninsula	Peninsula	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
Described as " confessional " by Robert Copsey of Digital Spy, the song has a " conversational " performance, and Roberts ' vocals were compared to that of singer Kate Bush. The song received positive reviews from music critics. Emily Mackay, writing for NME,	,	PUNCT	described	VERB	 described
The deputies were exchanging gunfire with the miners on Bull Hill. Gen. Brooks quickly moved his troops from the train station to the foot of Bull Hill. As Sheriff Bowers and Gen. Brooks began to argue about what course of action to take next, the deputies took	took	VERB	advantage	NOUN	 advantage
Both men reach for their guns fire at each other. Fung is hit and Costello demands that he put the coat on, which Fung refuses, so Costello shoots him in the leg. Fung then puts the coat on and Costello checks the bullet holes in the	the	DET	coat	NOUN	 coat
Cutter ambushes Black, knocking him down, but before Cutter can escape, the family's dog lunges at him, sending him falling over a mezzanine to his death. Bletcher later tells Black that Cutter's aunt and uncle were tortured to death in front of him	him	PRON	when	SCONJ	 when
To cope with the anticipated increase in demand, it was decided that the line should be increased to twin track. However, the gradient between Pilning and Patchway, 1 in 68, was considered undesirably steep for trains heading up the hill towards Bristol, particularly for	for	ADP	heavy	ADJ	 heavy
Kniaz Pozharsky served as the flagship during the fleet maneuvers of 1884 and she was reviewed by Tsar Alexander III of Russia. The ship was extensively refitted the following year and received new boilers, her propeller was fixed in place and her retractable funnel was replaced by two	two	NUM	fixed	VERB	 fixed
It is the only remaining steel truss bridge with a lift span that crosses the Murray. It was also the second last lift span bridge to be built along the river after the Nyah Bridge opened in 1941. It was built in 1928 by the New South Wales	Wales	PROPN	(	PUNCT	 (
Governor General Sydenham denied a 27 February 1841 petition she sent for her son to take over James's customs position. Sydenham also denied a petition she sent that May for a pension for herself, as James had already received a pension for decades. Possibly with help	help	NOUN	from	ADP	 from
Additionally, the Trofeo Fuga Cervelo rewarded riders who took part in a breakaway at the head of the field, each rider in an escape of ten or fewer riders getting one point for each kilometre that the group stayed clear. Quick Step's Mauro Facci was first	first	ADV	in	ADP	 in
The Bishop of Glasgow intervened in 1244 and determined that a house of Cluniac monks from Paisley should indeed be founded there, that the house should be exempt from the jurisdiction of Paisley save recognition of the common Cluniac Order, but that the Abbot of Paisley could visit	visit	VERB	the	DET	 the
The " elemental " arrived a few days later in the form of Marjorie Cameron, who agreed to participate in Parsons ' rites. Soon afterwards, Parsons, Hubbard and Sara agreed to set up a business partnership, " Allied Enterprises ", in which they invested	invested	VERB	nearly	ADV	 nearly
Only two gates — Bab Tadmor and Bab al Dreib — remain today. The oldest of Homs ' mosques and churches are located in the Old City. Homs consists of several subdivisions outside the Old City. The large neighbourhood of Khaldiyah spreads along its northern edge,	,	PUNCT	while	SCONJ	 while
At sunset on 4 January 1776, Montgomery's remains were put to rest. During his burial, American prisoners acknowledged Montgomery as a " beloved general " with " heroic bravery " and " suavity of manners " who held the " confidence of the whole army.	.	PUNCT	"	PUNCT	 "
It was released as a bonus track to the 12 " copy of the single. In later years, Barson stated that Costello's " Watching the Detectives " was the main influence on the song " My Girl ". For Wonderful in 1999, Ian Dury laid	laid	VERB	down	ADP	 down
Uranium thorium dating is a relatively short range process because of the short half lives of 234U and 230Th relative to the age of the Earth: it is also accompanied by a sister process involving the alpha decay of 235U into 231Th, which very quickly becomes the longer	longer	ADV	lived	VERB	 lived
In 1957, Tashlin cast Mansfield in the film version of the Broadway show Will Success Spoil Rock Hunter? reprising her role of Rita Marlowe alongside co stars Tony Randall and Joan Blondell. Fox launched their new blonde bombshell with a forty day sixteen country tour of Europe	Europe	PROPN	for	ADP	 for
For example, domesticated brown rats are not considered a disease threat, while exposure to wild rat populations could introduce pathogens like Salmonella into the home. Fancy rats experience different health risks from their wild counterparts, and thus are less likely to succumb to many of the	the	DET	same	ADJ	 same
His partnership with Sutcliffe remains in 2016 the most effective for the first wicket, in terms of average partnership, in Test history. Contemporaries rated Hobbs extremely highly, and critics continue to list him among the best batsmen of all time. Hobbs was very close to	to	ADP	Ada	PROPN	 Ada
" In 2007, Larter starred in Marigold as the title character alongside Salman Khan. The movie, released in August 2007, was about an American actress (Larter) who goes to India and gets caught up in the exotic world of Bollywood. Filming took place	place	NOUN	in	ADP	 in
According to these scholars, the Hungarian words of Alanic origin – including asszony (" lady ", originally " noble or royal lady ") – were also borrowed in the same region. The Khazar Khaganate was the dominant power in the steppes between the rivers Dnieper	Dnieper	PROPN	and	CCONJ	 and
Residues of paint have been found on many sculptures and on other parts of the ship. The entire ornamentation was once painted in vivid colors. The sides of the beakhead (the protruding structure below the bowsprit), the bulwarks (the protective railing around the weather	weather	NOUN	deck	NOUN	 deck
The Vizier ambushes them and they barely escape with the Dagger, ending up in a tomb beneath the city. Eventually finding shelter in a mysterious bathhouse, the two rest and consummate their growing feelings for each other. When the Prince wakes up back in the palace	palace	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
In the 13th century however the two titles became clearly distinct: the Grand Domestic was the commander in chief of the entire army and one of the highest offices of state, while the Domestic of the Schools was relegated to a simple dignity without duties, awarded to	to	ADP	provincial	ADJ	 provincial
However, it is possible that not all such chemicals in use have been tested for possible effects on honey bees, and could therefore potentially be contributing to the CCD phenomenon. In 2008 high levels of the pesticides fluvalinate and coumaphos were found in samples of wax from	from	ADP	hives	NOUN	 hives
On 15 August 1943 Graf's unit was renamed to Jagdgeschwader 50 (JG 50 — 50th Fighter Wing). It was expected that JG 50 would be equipped with the Messerschmitt Me 163 rocket fighter. The Me 163 was being tested by Major Wolfgang Späte's test	test	NOUN	unit	NOUN	 unit
Animaniacs featured Rob Paulsen as Yakko, Pinky and Dr. Otto von Scratchansniff, Tress MacNeille as Dot, Jess Harnell as Wakko, Sherri Stoner as Slappy the Squirrel, Maurice LaMarche as the Brain, Squit and the belching segments " The Great Wakkorotti " (Harnell said	said	VERB	that	SCONJ	 that
After one minor shift of ½ ballot, the totals were announced to the delegates. They voted to adjourn for the day, clearing the way for the off site negotiations that would influence the next day's ballot. The delegates assembled the next day, June 24	24	NUM	,	PUNCT	,
However, in 2016, the show, re titled Degrassi: Next Class, will move to Family Channel in Canada and stream on Netflix in the United States as well as all other countries where the service is available (excluding Australia, France, and Canada until	until	ADP	later	ADJ	 later
He was named to the starting lineup for the All Star Game and was the league's leading goal scorer at that point, two ahead of Gretzky. McDonald finished with 66 goals, five short of Gretzky's 71. At that time, only Gretzky, Mike	Mike	PROPN	Bossy	PROPN	 Bossy
Archinard's campaigns were often executed through direct military control, without civilian oversight. As costs increased, the French administration decided to replace Archinard's control over the area with a civilian governor, Louis Albert Grodet. The region was governed under a number of different names	names	NOUN	between	ADP	 between
Twain described her decision to be completely influenced by her desire to " break the music down ", and that Alison Krauss and Union Station were her only choice for the television special. Krauss was apprehensive at first, noting drastic differences between her personal acoustic style and	and	CCONJ	that	PRON	 that
Mac, portrayed by Tina Majorino, was a computer expert befriended by Veronica. Lamb, portrayed by Michael Muhney, was the Balboa County Sheriff who won the office from Keith in the recall election. Rob Thomas originally wrote Veronica Mars as a young adult novel for	for	ADP	publishing	VERB	 publishing
This was followed by the introduction of the My School website; launched in January 2010, the website reports on data from NAPLAN and displays information such as school missions, staffing, financial information, its resources and its students ' characteristics. As Minister for Employment and	and	CCONJ	Workplace	PROPN	 Workplace
One asked him why he did not pray for the King. He answered, " Nay, " says he, " you shall see I can pray for the King: I pray God bless him! " In his final days Vane had made his peace with	with	ADP	God	PROPN	 God
He said the most country part of the song were lyrics that referenced Catholicism with the word " hallelujah ". It is set in common time and has a moderate tempo of 100 beats per minute. It is written in the key of F major and Swift's	's	PART	vocals	NOUN	 vocals
Austin and Triple H formed a tag team called The Power Trip, while The Rock was indefinitely suspended. Johnson used this time off to act in the movie The Mummy Returns. The Rock returned to the WWF in late July 2001, and had to decide whether	whether	SCONJ	to	PART	 to
The following family tree illustrates a synthesis of the relationships of the early theropod groups compiled by Hendrickx et al. in 2015. Cryolophosaurus originally was collected during the 1990 – 91 austral summer on Mount Kirkpatrick in the Beardmore Glacier region of the Transantarctic Mountains. The discovery	discovery	NOUN	was	AUX	 was
This possibility had been foreseen earlier; however, problems with the radio relay between the Canadians and Australians meant that there had been no guarantee that the withdrawing force would not be mistaken for Chinese as they crossed the river. Only D Company — which had been holding	holding	VERB	the	DET	 the
The Confederate army made several other attempts to cross the trench during the night but repeatedly failed. Although the confederates could have deployed their infantry over the whole length of the trench, they were unwilling to engage the Muslims at close quarter as the former regarded the latter	latter	ADJ	as	ADP	 as
Ramprasad waded into the holy river, until the water was neck deep, all the while singing for Kali. As Kali's image was immersed, Ramprasad died — this was believed to be around 1775. However, recent documentary evidence, a Kabulatipatra dated April 1794	1794	NUM	bearing	VERB	 bearing
In addition to Cornwell, the company's corporators included his brother John Jacob, Duncan Sinclar, and his law firm partner Raymond J. Abbaticchio. Cornwell served as president of the HSRC whose track was laid under his leadership beginning in June 1909. The HSRC line was	was	AUX	constructed	VERB	 constructed
Berkelium is a soft, silvery white, radioactive actinide metal. In the periodic table, it is located to the right of the actinide curium, to the left of the actinide californium and below the lanthanide terbium with which it shares many similarities in physical and chemical	chemical	NOUN	properties	NOUN	 properties
As a playable character, he frequently narrates his thoughts through the dramatic device of soliloquy. In Blood Omen and Defiance, his battle cry and catchphrase is Vae victis, a Latin phrase attributed to Brennus meaning " woe to the conquered ". In Blood Omen:	:	PUNCT	Legacy	PROPN	 Legacy
On the way the party stayed with Charles the Bald in Francia, where there were the usual banquets and exchange of gifts. Æthelwulf stayed a year in Rome, and his gifts to St Peter included a gold crown weighing four pounds (1.8 kilograms), two	two	NUM	gold	NOUN	 gold
New Hampshire responded on July 18 by authorizing John Stark to raise a militia for the defense of the people " or the annoyance of the enemy ". Using funds provided by John Langdon, Stark raised 1,500 New Hampshire militiamen in the space of six days, more	more	ADJ	than	ADP	 than
About 50 farm buildings and 423 small businesses were severely damaged or demolished. Three deaths and at least $230 million in damage occurred. In Georgia, the storm damaged about 1,135 homes and obliterated five others. Additionally, 18 trailers suffered major impact, while 43	43	NUM	small	ADJ	 small
Kaské traveled as far south as New Orleans in an effort to enlist French aid against the British. In 1765, the British decided that the occupation of the Illinois Country could only be accomplished by diplomatic means. As Gage commented to one of his officers, he	he	PRON	was	AUX	 was
The storm compromised about 5.4 mi (8.7 km) of roads in the county, and throughout the region many roads were washed out. The intense winds brought down numerous trees, some of them onto adjacent structures. One fallen tree struck a car, killing one	one	NUM	person	NOUN	 person
He also participated in a small number of theatricals as an amateur, including playing John Chodd, Jr. in Robertson's play, Society, at the Gallery of Illustration, in 1868. The after piece was a burlesque, written by Grossmith's father, on the	the	DET	Dickens	PROPN	 Dickens
Narrowly missing automatic promotion in 2004 – 05, Royle again took Ipswich to the play offs, but once more they lost to West Ham United in the semi finals. 2005 – 06 saw Ipswich finish in 15th place — the club's lowest finish since 1966.	.	PUNCT	Joe	PROPN	 Joe
In 1902, Crothers became the first alumnus of Stanford to serve as a member of the university's board of trustees. Crothers became involved in legal action over the estate of his maternal uncle, James Graham Fair. Nettie Craven claimed to have been married to Fair	Fair	PROPN	at	ADP	 at
Tony Sokol from KpopStarz.com listed " Taboo " alongside " Juicy ", " V.I.P. ", " Shake It Up ", and " Lollipop " as her sexiest videos to date. Regarding " Taboo ", Sokol felt that the music video emphasized Koda's self described	described	VERB	style	NOUN	 style
The early Walloon Movement developed in reaction to the perceived discrimination against French language as Dutch was progressively accorded equality. At the same time, the movement called on a " Walloon identity " rather than a Belgian one. In his famous Lettre au roi sur la séparation	séparation	NOUN	de	X	 de
Meanwhile, Sharon left Tasa and headed for Suez City, leaving a single reconnaissance company to hold vital ridges such as Hamadia and Kishuf, but not the hills to the north, such as Hamutal. Instead, Keren's brigade gained responsibility for these areas, but	but	CCONJ	Sharon	PROPN	 Sharon
To make matters worse, the Russian Government which was headed by Ivan Silayev, stopped following Ryzhkov's orders, and Silayev refused to visit the Moscow Kremlin. Ryzhkov's Plan and The 500 Days Programme were broadly similar, with both supporting price liberalisation, decentralisation and	and	CCONJ	privatisation	NOUN	 privatisation
Victoria (Holley Chant), an alcoholic, is killed when Zoltan impales her eye with a wine bottle during an argument. An overly talkative third wife, Leonora (Dana Moody), has her mouth gagged and her neck contorted in a torture device. Finally	Finally	ADV	,	PUNCT	,
Nine miles (14.5 km) later, US 62 becomes a multilane highway and begins a concurrency with SH 6. The two highways travel together into Altus, where they intersect US 283. SH 6 follows US 283 northward out of town, while US 62 heads	heads	NOUN	east	ADV	 east
Watson's speech also called feminism " the belief that men and women should have equal rights and opportunities " and declared that the perception of " man hating " is something that " has to stop ". Watson later said she received threats within 12 hours of making	making	VERB	the	DET	 the
While hypervitaminosis A is the generally accepted medical diagnosis for Mertz's death and Mawson's illness, the theory has its detractors. Law believed it was " completely unproven... The symptoms that were described are exactly the ones you get from cold exposure. You don't	n't	PART	have	VERB	 have
At the commencement of the Early modern period James, 2nd Lord Hamilton became a privy counsellor to his first cousin, James IV of Scotland and helped to arrange his marriage to Princess Margaret Tudor of England. As a reward he was created Earl of Arran in 1503	1503	NUM	.	PUNCT	.
Measurements taken during an individual autumn, late August to late December 2001, were close to zero until November. The largest flows during that season, 19.2 cubic feet per second (0.54 m3 / s), occurred after many days of rain. Solidified lava from	from	ADP	Grande	PROPN	 Grande
It was originally named the " Maytag Zoo ", but was renamed the following year to " Phoenix Zoo " to identify it more closely with the community. The zoo has always been a privately owned, non profit venture. Although the zoo had some financial struggles	struggles	NOUN	in	ADP	 in
Wired cuffs around his wrists and ankles, as well as a harness around his waist, were used to lift him 13 feet into the air in front of a green screen. To his discomfort, the harness slipped, causing its buckle to continuously dig into his	his	PRON	hip	NOUN	 hip
Trusts often sought to purchase or otherwise neutralize their competitors, allowing the conglomerates to raise prices to high levels. In 1890, Congress had passed the Sherman Anti Trust Act, but it was not until the Theodore Roosevelt administration (1901 – 1909) that serious efforts	efforts	NOUN	were	AUX	 were
Mortimer noted that her time was faster than her best able bodied time. In the 100 metre freestyle (her final solo event) Mortimer finished third, 0.69 second behind Pascoe and France's Elodie Lorandi; Canadian Aurelie Rivard finished fourth. Mortimer's bronze was Canada	Canada	PROPN	's	PART	's
Accretion provides the currently favored mechanism called the single degenerate model for Type Ia supernovae. In this model, a carbon – oxygen white dwarf accretes mass and compresses its core by pulling mass from a companion star., p. 14. It is believed that compressional heating	heating	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
The first change to the US 16 routing was made in 1933 when the highway was moved to bypass Farmington, with the old routing retained as a state highway. The next year, in 1934, M 126 was created between Nunica and Muskegon. In 1940,	,	PUNCT	US	PROPN	 US
After leaving Killing Joke in 1986, Paterson met future KLF member Jimmy Cauty and the duo began DJ ing and producing music together under the name The Orb. Paterson and Cauty's first release was a 1988 acid house anthem track, " Tripping on Sunshine ",	,	PUNCT	released	VERB	 released
The raid, in which Tarleton's force rode 120 miles (190 km) in four days, was a failure, since supplies had already been moved. (During this raid, some of Tarleton's men were supposedly in a minor skirmish with Peter Francisco,	,	PUNCT	one	NUM	 one
Santa Cruz scored the equaliser and his second of the match, heading in a cross by David Bentley. In stoppage time, Denilson was sent off for a two footed challenge on Dunn. In spite of playing with one less player, Arsenal regained the lead.	.	PUNCT	Alex	PROPN	 Alex
In golf, shooting three under par on a single hole has recently been termed scoring an " albatross ", as a continuation on the birdie and eagle theme. The Maori used the wing bones of the albatross to carve flutes. Albatrosses are popular birds for birdwatchers	birdwatchers	NOUN	and	CCONJ	 and
The melodies and notes are played with the C and A buttons on the Nintendo 64 controller or the C analog stick on the GameCube controller. The events of Ocarina of Time are set in the fictional kingdom of Hyrule, the setting of most The Legend of Zelda	Zelda	PROPN	games	NOUN	 games
In June 2014 a study by the Woods Hole Oceanographic Institution concluded that emperor penguins are at risk from global warming, which is melting the sea ice. This study predicted that by 2100 all 45 colonies of emperor penguins will be declining in numbers, mostly due to	to	ADP	loss	NOUN	 loss
Amazing's reputation had been for formulaic science fiction almost since it began, but White was able to bring the magazine to a higher standard than any other editor except Cele Goldsmith, and gave Amazing a respectable position in the field. His successors were not able to	to	PART	maintain	VERB	 maintain
The train, containing over 1,600 Jews, was guarded by 16 Germans from the SiPo SD. Resistance members used a lantern covered with red paper (a danger signal) to stop the train, and freed 17 prisoners from one wagon before they were discovered by the	the	DET	Germans	PROPN	 Germans
This gave U boats the impression the aircraft was moving away from it. There was a radical change in 1943 with radar equipment when the ASV Mark III was becoming available. Based on RAF Bomber Command's H2S, it transmitted a much shorter wavelength of 9.1 cm	cm	NOUN	instead	ADV	 instead
For the first time, there are actual backgrounds that appear with the actor names instead of an all black background, some of these images include witches hanging and Santa Muerte. Other elements include a black man with piercing eyes and a disturbing smile as well as voodoo	voodoo	NOUN	dolls	NOUN	 dolls
Australia received a single QF 3 inch 20 cwt (76 mm) anti aircraft (AA) gun on a high angle Mark II mount that was added in March 1915. This had a maximum depression of 10° and a maximum elevation of 90°. It	It	PRON	fired	VERB	 fired
A large mirror with an exquisite gold frame stands between the two windows. The fireplace was added by the Chelsea stonemason Lancelot Edward Wood in 1802, and the ceiling by master builder Benjamin Broadbent of Leicester in 1865. The ceiling in the Yellow Drawing Room, also	also	ADV	known	VERB	 known
Offices opened one hour earlier than usual, added staff and extended their hours to guarantee that all 2,180 cases would be processed. The Philippine consulate also expected a large workload as a result of the rehiring provisions. Chinese newspapers published articles calculating how households could maximise their	their	PRON	benefits	NOUN	 benefits
In this instance, it was because we are gay... Thousands of people walk the streets of America and yes, even Portland, feeling like they are less than human, that their life is not as valued by society as their other, supposedly more " normal	normal	ADJ	"	PUNCT	 "
Party membership was only partly based on ideology; party identification often reflected ethnic and religious background, as well as Civil War loyalties that were still keenly felt by many voters. Most Northern Protestants voted Republican, as did black Southerners. On the other hand, white	white	ADJ	Southerners	PROPN	 Southerners
The game's gameplay is built based on three pillars, access, adapt, and attack. Players are often tasked to do detect, spot, and to learn their enemies ' behaviors and patterns before attacking. With the bow, players are encouraged to play the	the	DET	game	NOUN	 game
Being designed for low level operations, the Tornado required modification to perform in medium level operations that the RAF adopted in the 1990s. The RAF's GR1 fleet was extensively re manufactured as Tornado GR4s. Upgrades on Tornado GR4s included a Forward looking infrared, a wide	wide	ADJ	angle	NOUN	 angle
Symptoms usually go away on their own within months. The question of whether the syndrome is due to structural damage or other factors such as psychological ones, or a combination of these, has long been the subject of debate. Cumulative effects of concussions are poorly understood	understood	VERB	,	PUNCT	,
A mask of Dakota leader Taoyateduta (Little Crow) was placed overlooking the falls in 1992. While the name Minnehaha is often translated as " Laughing Water ", the correct translation is " curling water " or " waterfall ". The name comes from the Dakota	Dakota	PROPN	language	NOUN	 language
The manga ended serialization in Dengeki G's Magazine in the July 2009 issue, and was serialized in Dengeki G's Festival! Comic between October 26, 2009 and April 28, 2014. ASCII Media Works published five volumes for Shaa's Clannad manga under their Dengeki	Dengeki	PROPN	Comics	PROPN	 Comics
It originally aired on Comedy Central in the United States on April 14, 2010. In the episode, Tom Cruise and all other celebrities who have been mocked by residents of South Park in the past plan to file a class action lawsuit against the town, but	but	CCONJ	Cruise	PROPN	 Cruise
Two days later, he landed on the French mainland at Golfe Juan and started heading north. The 5th Regiment was sent to intercept him and made contact just south of Grenoble on 7 March 1815. Napoleon approached the regiment alone, dismounted his horse and, when	when	SCONJ	he	PRON	 he
Some recent and proposed Interstates, some of them out of place in the grid, also violate this: I 41 and US 41 in Wisconsin (which will run concurrently), I 49 and US 49 in Arkansas, I 69 and US 69 in Texas,	,	PUNCT	and	CCONJ	 and
CBC itself was looking for original material, and was enthusiastic about the series because it seemed to stand out among Canadian television productions. Peyton's co producer was Fred Fuchs, who later rose in the CBC staff; one critic believed Fuchs ' promotion to be a	a	DET	reason	NOUN	 reason
The game's story follows a group of adventurers who travel through time to prevent a global catastrophe. Square re released a ported version by Tose in Japan for the PlayStation in 1999, later repackaged with a Final Fantasy IV port as Final Fantasy Chronicles in 2001 for	for	ADP	the	DET	 the
Rihanna began " working on the new sound " for her seventh studio album in March 2012, even though she had not yet begun recording. On September 12, 2012, Def Jam France announced via Twitter that Rihanna would release a new single the upcoming week while	while	SCONJ	her	PRON	 her
The Doll and Pharaoh are available in English versions. The Doll has been translated into sixteen languages, and Pharaoh into twenty. In addition, The Doll has been filmed several times, and been produced as a 1977 television miniseries, Pharaoh was adapted into a 1966	1966	NUM	feature	NOUN	 feature
The Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP), the country's main opposition party, criticised the high security levels, stating that they were reminiscent of the Emergency Era, during which civil liberties were suspended. Police found and arrested some suspects within 24 hours of the crime	crime	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
All lines are light rail except the A, a commuter rail line. FasTracks is a light rail / bus / rail expansion project approved by voters in 2004 which will serve neighboring suburbs and communities. The W line, or West line, opened in April 2013	2013	NUM	serving	VERB	 serving
Predicting opponents ' moves and counter attacking, known as " countering ", is a common element of gameplay. Fighting games also emphasize the difference between the height of blows, ranging from low to jumping attacks. Thus, strategy becomes important as players attempt to predict	predict	VERB	each	DET	 each
His official minder has not heard from him in seven years. " However, on 22 July 2005, The Independent reported that " the 17 year old mouser is alive and well and living in south London. " No further details were given in the text,	,	PUNCT	which	PRON	 which
A cruising stage was built into the casing of each high pressure turbine for economical steaming at low speeds. The turbines had a designed output of 75,000 shaft horsepower (56,000 kW), 5,000 shp (3,700 kW) more than her predecessors. On sea trials in	in	ADP	May	PROPN	 May
In 2002, the first survey of the wreck was done by a team led by James P. Delgado for the Sea Hunters documentary produced by the National Underwater and Marine Agency. The team included the archaeologist Dr. Willi Kramer, the first German to visit the wreck since	since	SCONJ	she	PRON	 she
During the initial stages of its existence, the storm accelerated toward the west northwest in response to the strong high pressure to its north. With a relatively dry environment along its projected path, Emily was expected to strengthen only gradually until its predicted passage through the Greater	Greater	PROPN	Antilles	PROPN	 Antilles
In this case, their Lordships unanimously held that executive action was not immune from judicial review merely because it was carried out in pursuance of a power derived from the common law (or the prerogative) rather than a statutory source. It was the subject matter that	that	PRON	counted	VERB	 counted
As a biblical basis for this teaching, von Balthasar referred to 1 Corinthians 2: 9 10: " these are the things God has revealed to us by his Spirit. The Spirit searches all things, even the deep things of God ".: Christian meditation	meditation	NOUN	is	AUX	 is
In 800, Eric's successor Cadolah of Friuli invaded the Dalmatian Croatia by the order of Charlemagne, but without considerable military success. Still, Tarsatica was burned down. Tarsatica's surviving inhabitants moved to a more protected hill, where they established a new settlement called	called	VERB	Trsat	PROPN	 Trsat
Though officially credited to the production techniques of Teddy Riley, Ripani theorized Riley was influenced by Jackson's 1986 single " Nasty ", which also features a distinctive triplet swing. Jon Pareles observed the album's diversity catered to a wide variety of radio formats, including	including	VERB	pop	NOUN	 pop
Morikawa Kaichirō identifies the subculture as distinctly Japanese, a product of the school system and society. Japanese schools have a class structure which functions as a caste system, but clubs are an exception to the social hierarchy. In these clubs, a student's interests will	will	AUX	be	AUX	 be
The song, which is written in the key of E flat major, features an organ and piano sound. The song starts with a hushed electric organ ballad, including Martin's falsetto. The song then builds with both acoustic guitar and piano. The sound then	then	ADV	shifts	NOUN	 shifts
Dan Woods reprised his role as English teacher Mr. Raditch, now promoted to school principal, and Pat Mastroianni returned to his role as Joey Jeremiah. Amanda Stepto also returned to the franchise to play her character Christine " Spike " Nelson in a recurring role. In	In	ADP	the	DET	 the
Several strands of the Brawley fault zone, to the east of the Imperial fault, ruptured intermittently along a length of 11.1 km (6.9 mi), and just one kilometer of the Rico fault slipped with a maximum vertical displacement of 20 cm (7.9 in)	)	PUNCT	(	PUNCT	 (
This was followed by a return to AGPW, where he held the tag team championship with his brother Bobby Kay. Back in Puerto Rico, Burke defeated Colón again on March 24, 1990, this time to win the WWC Television Championship. Four days later,	,	PUNCT	he	PRON	 he
Moving northwestward, it gradually organized, becoming a depression during by the evening of May 12. After turning more toward the west, the system continued to slowly deepen. On May 14, the S.S. Kampala sailed into the system, encountering 55 km / h (	(	PUNCT	35	NUM	35
In the final level, Kilbaba attempts to escape in a bomber plane armed with nuclear bombs, but the player destroys him and his plane before it leaves the runway. In the ending, the player and co pilot are seen at the White House, where they	they	PRON	are	AUX	 are
The talk, in which Goldman did not advocate violence but expressed understanding for those driven to it, was a great influence on Czolgosz; he later stated that her words burned in his head. He came to see her at her Chicago home in July as she	she	PRON	was	AUX	 was
In October 2008, Grays Athletic announced that players had been asked to take a 50% pay cut due to financial difficulties. During the FA Cup Fourth Round Qualifying tie against AFC Totton, Cogan scored a penalty in the 85th minute after Phil Warner handled a cross	cross	NOUN	from	ADP	 from
Until 2009, the station had two operating furnace lines, which together were capable of burning a total of 250,000 tonnes of waste per year, and generated 20 MW of electricity. However, in May 2009 a third line was brought into operation. The plant currently	currently	ADV	burns	VERB	 burns
No. 1 Squadron was the RAAF's strike squadron, and maintained a nominal strength of 12 F 111s. No. 6 Squadron mainly served as the F 111 operational conversion unit, though it also operated the RF 111 aircraft at times and could serve in the	the	DET	strike	NOUN	 strike
Although he recognized, among other things, Heliade's merits of having removed pretentious boyar discourse from poetry and having favored regular rhyme, Paul Zarifopol accused him and Gheorghe Asachi of " tastelessness " and " literary insecurity ". He elaborated: " Rădulescu was arguably afflicted	afflicted	VERB	with	ADP	 with
Mourinho was later credited with Benzema's transformation, but denied full responsibility and, instead, gave credit to the striker himself. Benzema made his 2011 – 12 competitive debut for Madrid in the first leg of the 2011 Supercopa de España against Barcelona. In the match	match	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
When Julian completed his synthesis, the melting point matched the correct one for natural physostigmine from the calabar bean. Julian also extracted stigmasterol, which took its name from Physostigma venenosum, the west African calabar bean that he hoped could serve as raw material for synthesis of	of	ADP	human	ADJ	 human
At this point, Scheer, who had been warned of the sortie of the Grand Fleet from its base in Scapa Flow, also withdrew to safer German waters. Markgraf was present during the fleet operation that resulted in the Battle of Jutland which took place on 31	31	NUM	May	PROPN	 May
She is best known for her time with World Wrestling Entertainment (WWE), where she is a former WWE Divas Champion and a three time WWE Women's Champion. Kocianski had a successful amateur wrestling career in high school, before being trained by the All Knighters	Knighters	PROPN	.	PUNCT	.
The group called themselves Transistor Revolt, and released a self titled extended play in 2000. The band changed its name to Rise Against in 2001 and released their first album, The Unraveling, via Fat Wreck Chords that same year, produced by veteran punk producer Mass	Mass	PROPN	Giorgini	PROPN	 Giorgini
The UFO that seen flying at the opening of the scene was actually a helicopter, disguised using various techniques. A so called " cloaking effect ", created on a computer and consisting mostly of digital fog and " wiggled lights ", was used to make the	the	DET	"	PUNCT	 "
She reveals that she and Chi merely switched places inside the body, but Chi has shut herself away and Freya can not contact her. Hideki asks why, and Freya explains that Chi discovered there were certain things that humans could do that she could not, leading	leading	VERB	her	PRON	 her
The multi faceted storm system included a tornado outbreak, record snow accumulations, a damaging ice storm, and flooding rains. The storm developed over Texas by December 25 and advanced eastward, spawning over a dozen tornadoes in Louisiana, Georgia, and Florida. Upon reaching	reaching	VERB	the	DET	 the
In a project scheduled for completion in 2030, the line is to be improved to allow a regular hourly Aberdeen to Inverness service, additional commuter trains into Inverness and Aberdeen and new stations at Kintore and Dalcross, near Inverness airport. Heritage and tourist railways also use	use	VERB	the	DET	 the
The strongest winds were confined to the Atlantic coastline, with outer rainbands producing heavy rainfall in Washington, D.C. and Baltimore, Maryland. Fierce winds were observed in Cape Henlopen, Delaware, with the strongest gales occurring after the eye passed over the area. Upon making	making	VERB	landfall	NOUN	 landfall
The Village Municipal Building was built in 1913 and was opened on July 4, 1914. The high school opened in 1928, and in 1946, the People's Caucus party, an organization which calls out interested residents for candidacy, was created. Briarcliff Manor celebrated	celebrated	VERB	its	PRON	 its
On 4 April, JNA artillery began shelling Sarajevo. The JNA and the VRS in Bosnia and Herzegovina faced the Army of the Republic of Bosnia and Herzegovina (ARBiH) and the Croatian Defence Council (HVO), reporting to the Bosniak dominated central government and the	the	DET	Bosnian	PROPN	 Bosnian
A reviewer of her 1941 exhibition at Nierendorf Gallery stated: " We learned the artist is a woman, in time to check our enthusiasm. Had it been otherwise, we might have hailed these sculptural expressions as by surely a great figure among moderns. " Another	Another	DET	review	NOUN	 review
However, it was already too late. Quickly, the Germans achieved considerable success against Soviet defensive positions. The 20 May saw more of the same, with the German forces closing in from the rear. More German divisions were committed to the battle that day,	,	PUNCT	shattering	VERB	 shattering
(1952) Rupert of the Rhine. London: Collins. Irwin, Margaret. (1937) The Stranger Prince: The story of Rupert of the Rhine. New York: Harcourt, Brace. Kitson, Frank. (1994) Prince Rupert: Portrait of	of	ADP	a	DET	 a
The discoverers proposed the name " prometheum " (the spelling was subsequently changed), derived from Prometheus, the Titan in Greek mythology who stole fire from Mount Olympus and brought it down to humans, to symbolize " both the daring and the possible misuse of mankind	mankind	NOUN	's	PART	's
After the American Civil War, Meridian began to grow rapidly and Marion began to decline. As a result, many of Marion's Jews elected to move to Meridian. In 1868, the Jewish community established the first Jewish congregation in Lauderdale County, Beth Israel,	,	PUNCT	and	CCONJ	 and
There is also a very limited edition bundle for the PlayStation 2 at Wal Mart. This bundle comes with the game and two wired Gibson SG guitar controllers as bundled with the original Guitar Hero and its sequel. Guitar Hero: Aerosmith's soundtrack consists of 41 songs	songs	NOUN	;	PUNCT	;
The outplacement firm Challenger, Gray & Christmas from Chicago predicted before the film's release that U.S. companies could lose more than $319 million in productivity due to employees calling in sick and then heading to theaters to see the film. The film premiered as part of	of	ADP	the	DET	 the
" It has 32 voting members who are elected by the General Assembly for four year terms. In 2012, East Carolina was classified by U.S. News & World Report as a National University in its second tier rankings. In 2010, Forbes ranked the school 36th in	in	ADP	its	PRON	 its
Chronic gastritis is likely to underlie H. pylori related diseases. Ulcers in the stomach and duodenum result when the consequences of inflammation allow stomach acid and the digestive enzyme pepsin to overwhelm the mechanisms that protect the stomach and duodenal mucous membranes. The location of colonization of H.	H.	NOUN	pylori	NOUN	 pylori
The episode was the first of the series to run as a " supersized " episode, featuring twenty eight minutes and twenty seconds of content rather than the standard twenty minutes and thirty seconds. In addition, the episode was the first of the series to be written	written	VERB	by	ADP	 by
Late on December 7, the system degenerated into a remnant trough about 110 mi (180 km) south of the Azores. The storm was recognized as a subtropical storm by the National Hurricane Center during its post season analysis. The following names were used for named	named	VERB	storms	NOUN	 storms
While the other detectives sweat and complain about the heat, a calm and comfortable Pembleton (Andre Braugher) wears a tie and drinks hot tea without sweating. Bayliss (Kyle Secor), who acts uncooperative with his partner Pembleton, says he has found the fingerprints	fingerprints	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
The Hindu College was established in 1817. The Scottish Church College, which is the oldest Christian liberal arts college in South Asia, started its journey in 1830. In 1855 the Hindu College was renamed as the Presidency College. In 2010, it was granted university	university	NOUN	status	NOUN	 status
On the 15th, the mob liberated prisoners from the local gaol. Thomas Woodbridge, the Keeper of the Prison, deputized several hundred people to help him quell the mob, but many of these joined in with the rioters themselves. The crowd destroyed John Ryland's	's	PART	home	NOUN	 home
Perry was made a platypus because of the animal's striking appearance and the lack of public knowledge of the animal, which allowed the writers to make things up about the species. Critical reception for the character from both professionals and fans have been considerably positive. Merchandising	Merchandising	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
The club was officially reformed on 15 February 1919 – a key figure in the events was Charles Frederick Watling, future Lord Mayor of Norwich and the father of future club chairman, Geoffrey Watling. When, in May 1920, the Football League formed a third Division	Division	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
To promote the album, McCartney held an online chat party, and the event entered the Guinness Book of World Records for the most people in an online chatroom at once. In the World Tonight, a film about the making of the album, was broadcast in	in	ADP	the	DET	 the
In 1892 the club became a founder member of the Bristol and District League, which three years later was renamed the Western League. In 1897 Eastville Rovers joined the Birmingham and District League, and for two seasons played in both this league and the Western League.	.	PUNCT	At	ADP	 At
The capital, Kolkata, was the workplace of several social reformers, like Raja Ram Mohan Roy, Iswar Chandra Vidyasagar, and Swami Vivekananda. These social reforms have eventually led to a cultural atmosphere where practices like sati, dowry, and caste based discrimination or untouchability	untouchability	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
The rest of the episode was written to lead to that scene. The scene where Oscar tells a story about a date getting a background check on him was based on an actual date that Paul Lieberstein went on. While filming, Steve Carell and Tim Meadows improvised	improvised	VERB	a	DET	 a
Scientists believe that the climatic and geologic conditions 3 to 5 million years ago allowed cutthroat trout from the Snake River to migrate over the divide into the Yellowstone plateau via Two Ocean Pass. There is also evidence that Yellowstone Lake once drained south into the Snake River drainage	drainage	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
, based on footage from the Chile concert, will be made available worldwide on CD, LP, DVD and Blu ray on 26 March, except the United States and Canada (where it was released on 27 March). In addition to the concert footage,	,	PUNCT	the	DET	 the
The historian Fikreta Jelić Butić believes that the idea of an anti Partisan offensive was also discussed at the conference as a potential response to the Zagreb agreement concluded between Italy and the NDH in June. The Zagreb agreement heralded a major drawdown of Italian occupation forces from large	large	ADJ	areas	NOUN	 areas
Gareloi is located on Gareloi Island, and comprises most of its land mass. The island also has two small glaciers which protrude to the northwest and southeast. The volcano is 6 miles (10 km) by 5 miles (8 km) at its base,	,	PUNCT	possessing	VERB	 possessing
Consideration was given to installing similar on street ticket machines and new, advanced machines (capable of reading smartcards and accepting credit / debit cards) were installed in early 2014 at each tram stop. The new ticket machines are the Galexio Plus type supplied by the French	French	PROPN	based	VERB	 based
The group also wants determine if rail service would be possible using the existing tracks and right of way between Erie, Youngstown and Pittsburgh. Union Station serves as the corporate headquarters for Logistics Plus. It was formed in 1996 to manage domestic logistics for GE Transportation,	,	PUNCT	the	DET	 the
This race is (to date) the last French Grand Prix. It was the eighth race of the 2008 Formula One season. The 70 lap race was won by Felipe Massa for the Ferrari team after starting from second position. Kimi Räikkönen, who started from	from	ADP	pole	NOUN	 pole
" Adam Graham of MTV News described the song as a " big ballad ". The song was nominated in the category for Song of the Year at the 22nd Grammy Awards held on February 27, 1980. " Honesty " peaked at number sixteen on the Canadian	Canadian	PROPN	Singles	PROPN	 Singles
The biography of Erik Chisholm, written by John Purser with the foreword by Sir Charles Mackerras, Chasing A Restless Muse: Erik Chisholm, Scottish Modernist (1904 – 1965), was published on 19 June 2009. An official launch was held at the Conservatoire of	of	ADP	Music	PROPN	 Music
Ballantine accepted Kurtzman's proposal on faith, but he had reservations. He suspected it was the Mad brand name that sold books rather than Kurtzman's name, although the artist had been the creative force behind Mad. In January Kurtzman signed a contract with Ballantine that	that	PRON	came	VERB	 came
" He also wrote many homilies relating to the Last Days and the coming of the Antichrist. Age of the Antichrist was a popular theme in Wulfstan's homilies, which also include the issues of death and Judgment Day. Six homilies that illustrate this theme include:	:	PUNCT	Secundum	PROPN	 Secundum
As U.S. Army engineers were few, Casey worked closely with his Australian Army counterpart at General Sir Thomas Blamey's Allied Land Forces headquarters, Major General Clive Steele. Construction activities in Australia were also undertaken by civilians of the Allied Works Council. Casey attempted to coordinate	coordinate	VERB	the	DET	 the
The last chorus following the br]]. At the end of the chorus, the lead singer sings the highest note of the song, holding for four bars, while the backing vocals repeat the chorus. The last line of the chorus is performed slightly off	off	ADP	beat	NOUN	 beat
The video was filmed in three days in Boyle Heights, Los Angeles. The scenes were designed to recreate the parties that the band attended while recording Rock Steady in Jamaica. Young's scene was based on an actual event, where he won US $200 on	on	ADP	a	DET	 a
In 1978, a memorial plaque was erected. The Frank Slide Interpretive Centre, within sight of the mountain, was opened in 1985. A museum and tourist stop document the Frank Slide and the region's coal mining history. The site receives over 100,000 tourist visits	visits	NOUN	annually	ADV	 annually
Although some of his acquaintances later suggested that the use of Mari for Mary was unknown in Wales prior to the Protestant Reformation, he countered these criticisms with the observation that the term Mari was being used in reference to the Virgin in the mid 14th century Black Book	Book	PROPN	of	ADP	 of
When Stevens is diagnosed with stage four metastatic melanoma, Grey convinces Shepherd to return to operate on her. He agrees to perform the surgery, and later proposes to Grey in the hospital elevator. Stevens begins to plan the perfect wedding for a reluctant Grey, but	but	CCONJ	when	SCONJ	 when
As mobile phone technology improved, the development team planned on adding online gameplay. The game was discontinued for download on Japanese mobile phones on April 30, 2013. In May 2010, the new English voice actor for Jiminy Cricket, Phil Snyder, who took over	over	ADP	the	DET	 the
Hurricane force winds cause substantial damage to mobile homes, and begin to structurally damage homes with foundations. Winds of this strength due to downsloped winds off terrain have been known to shatter windows and sandblast paint from cars. Once winds exceed 135 knots (250 km /	/	SYM	h	PROPN	 h
" were it was suggested she was featured to the detriment of other characters. Among fans, she was initially unpopular due to her feelings for Spock, but prior to the 2009 film Star Trek, there was a desire to see her return. Prior to working	working	VERB	on	ADP	 on
It offers the city's best concentration of antique and handicraft shops. The Main Bazaar is part of Kuching's old town, which also includes the Carpenter Street and India Street. The old Courthouse building, which sits in between Carpenter Street and India Street, has	has	AUX	undergone	VERB	 undergone
The story begins where The Immortals of Meluha ended. Shiva, the fabled savior of the land of Meluha, rushes to save his wife Sati from the Naga, the supposed killer of Shiva's friend Brahaspati. The Naga escapes, leaving behind coins with strange engravings	engravings	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
The light characteristic was a fixed white light with a red flash every 15 seconds. In 1972, the light was automated and the Fresnel lens was replaced with a modern optic. The light continues to serve as an active aid to navigation. In 1987, a	a	DET	FA	PROPN	 FA
Even if Heffernan was not engaging in protected speech, he wrote, the discipline against him sent a message to others not to exercise their rights. Justice Clarence Thomas wrote a dissenting opinion in which he was joined by Justice Samuel Alito, where he agreed that Heffnernan	Heffnernan	PROPN	had	AUX	 had
When Bojić was a child, he and his family were frequently visited by his mother's cousin Jovan Sremac, the brother of humourist Stevan Sremac. Jovan is said to have greatly influenced the young Bojić, having introduced him to Serbian folk tales and medieval legends at	at	ADP	an	DET	 an
It also reached No. 17 in Belgium, No. 14 in Finland, and No. 53 in the Netherlands. CD Maxi Kontor 14305 5 (Edel) Billie Jean (Beat Radio Mix) – 4: 00 Billie Jean (Beat Clubb Mix) –	–	PUNCT	6	NUM	 6
Neptune's spear is the trident, which appears on the U.S. Navy's Special Warfare insignia, with the three prongs of the trident representing the operational capacity of SEALs on sea, air and land. The Associated Press reported at the time two U.S. officials as stating	stating	VERB	the	DET	 the
About 2300 BC there was immigration from Finland and later the area was largely used by Skolts for reindeer husbandry. Norwegian immigration started about 1850, and the first land was granted land for farming in 1874, after a road was built along the valley to Svanvatn.	.	PUNCT	This	PRON	 This
Dot Branning (June Brown) takes pity on Rainie and helps her to clean herself up, telling her about drug addict Donna Ludlow (Matilda Ziegler) and giving her a Bible, which makes Rainie decide to change as she finds religion. Rainie apologises to Tanya	Tanya	PROPN	for	ADP	 for
Adams also enjoyed the song's " wobbly guitar ", and Sain's Christie Eliszer approved of the " acoustic strumalong ", but The Advertiser's Michael Duffy said the song was " a familiar piece of yearning guitar indie that is polished but pedestrian "; he	he	PRON	reserved	VERB	 reserved
" My Boo " is a hip hop tinged R & B song with a mid tempo melody. It is composed in the key of D minor, in common time. The lyrics are constructed in verse chorus chorus form. Usher starts the intro, and Keys	Keys	PROPN	followed	VERB	 followed
With both the Canadian and New Zealand Divisions finding progress difficult, it was decided to bring the Indian 21st Infantry Brigade into the attack with orders to seize Caldari. With no river crossing available, the Indian engineers rushed to build a bridge across the Moro which was	was	AUX	completed	VERB	 completed
Their morale improved somewhat when Admiral Bernard Desjean, Baron de Pointis sailed into the bay on 26 February with a force of 18 men of war from Cadiz. Gibraltar's garrison immediately went on alert, expecting a landing at the south end of the peninsula, but	but	CCONJ	this	PRON	 this
The League still penalized the Devils for trying to circumvent the NHL salary cap with a money fine, a third round draft pick in 2011 and one future first round pick within the next four seasons. MacLean led the team to a record of 9 – 22 –	–	SYM	2	NUM	 2
" They soon became equally as interested in the remixes, visuals and interactive elements however. Ciaran has described this process as " not always a nice position to be in " when, for example, they had to reject music videos they weren't happy with.	.	PUNCT	The	DET	 The
On 17 December 1986, the accused, a career criminal named Olaf Dietrich (born 1952), flew from Bangkok, Thailand, to Melbourne Airport. He had imported at least seventy grams of heroin, which he concealed within condoms that he had swallowed. He	He	PRON	was	AUX	 was
The Stiffkey living was highly desirable, with 60 acres (24 ha) of glebe land, a large Georgian rectory, and an income in 1906 of £503 per annum, rising during Davidson's incumbency to £800. Stiffkey, close to the northern Norfolk	Norfolk	PROPN	coast	NOUN	 coast
Thirty four of the competitors petitioned parliament against the selection of Barry, who was a friend of Cust, but their plea was rejected, and the former prime minister Sir Robert Peel defended Barry and the selection process. Barry planned an enfilade, or what Christopher Jones	Jones	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
Executive Producer Robert Goodwin said that the casting of Reilly was the most fun of the episode. " Jose Chung's From Outer Space " received praise from critics as well. Author Phil Farrand rated the episode as his favorite episode of the first four seasons in his	his	PRON	book	NOUN	 book
M 15 continued through Morgan Meadows and crossing the Carp River into the town of Negaunee and connecting with Ishpeming. This road in now known as East Division or " County Road " also former Business M 28. West of Ishpeming in Ishpeming Township, M 15 followed	followed	VERB	Randal	PROPN	 Randal
And no one's grief has ever passed you by. You are relentless, only towards yourself, forever cold and pitiless. But if only you could look upon your own sadness from a distance, just once with a loving soul — Oh, how you would	would	AUX	pity	VERB	 pity
It was first released for the PlayStation 2 on December 28, 2004 as an all ages title, and was followed by an adult version playable on Microsoft Windows and subsequent all ages versions for the PlayStation Portable and PlayStation 3. This deviated from the release history of	of	ADP	the	DET	 the
The ovispermatoduct (a duct that carries both eggs and sperm) is very much twisted. The free oviduct (duct that carries eggs only) is rather long and thin, but without any enlargement. The vas deferens (carries sperm) is very long, complexly	complexly	NOUN	twisted	VERB	 twisted
The fungus was originally described in 1976 as a species of Armillaria when that genus was more inclusive; it received its current name twenty years later. The stout fruit bodies (mushrooms) have moist white to grayish caps (later becoming grayish brown with age),	,	PUNCT	a	DET	 a
Critics said that the network's action would encourage further threats from radical groups. " 201 " was not shown in repeats, has not been made available on the South Park website, and has not been shown in Sweden, Hungary, Australia or the Netherlands.	.	PUNCT	In	ADP	 In
One month after the September release of the LP, Lennon released " Imagine " as a single in the United States; the song peaked at number three on the Billboard Hot 100 and the LP reached number one on the UK chart in November, later becoming the	the	DET	most	ADV	 most
When Flem D. Sampson was elected governor in 1927, he appointed Willis to fill his seat on the Kentucky Court of Appeals. In 1928, Willis was elected to a full four year term representing the Court's Seventh Appellate District. Holding a state level office increased	increased	VERB	his	PRON	 his
The video was promoted through YouTube, and was viewed more than 44,000 times. Peter Dartford, the chief fire officer for Staffordshire Fire and Rescue Service said: We're continually trying new and innovative ways to get the message out there, about the importance of having	having	VERB	smoke	NOUN	 smoke
I only hope you have the same trouble as us. So do us all a favour and take a Rolls and run off Beachy Head and don't come back. The House of Lords effectively nullified Denning's work with the case National Provincial Bank Ltd v Ainsworth	Ainsworth	PROPN	[	PUNCT	 [
Unlike other theropods in their study of specimens found associated with eggs or nests, it had finished growing at the time of its death. Ostrom's description of Deinonychus in 1969 has been described as the most important single discovery of dinosaur paleontology in the mid 20th century	century	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
This area ranges in elevation from sea level to 100 meters (330 ft). The long tailed ground roller does not migrate, though it may disperse across a larger area outside of the breeding season. This species ' prime habitat is spiny forest, a mix	mix	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
He used the games played in Rock Island, other newspapers, and his own memory to determine the first-, second-, and third team All Pro list. Pro Football Reference.com uses this list as the official All Pro list of 1920. Twenty of the players were	were	AUX	from	ADP	 from
Unlike most motion pictures, it was shot in rough chronological order, to facilitate convincing emotional performances from the young cast. Released on June 11, 1982 by Universal Pictures, E.T was a blockbuster, surpassing Star Wars to become the highest grossing film of all time	time	NOUN	—	PUNCT	 —
Withdrawing through the barrage and a number of airstrikes called in to pursue them, the Viet Cong proceeded to drag their dead from the battlefield, having suffered crippling casualties. B Company, 7 RAR was subsequently inserted by helicopter into blocking positions to the north, however	however	ADV	they	PRON	 they
She spent the first 29 years of her working career as a music teacher. After her retirement from education, she dedicated her life to anti war activism, during the course of which her actions led her to be arrested several times. In 2011, after a	a	DET	decline	NOUN	 decline
He then meets his new roommate Bobby and his girlfriend Margie while they are having sex. Erik eventually reunites with his cousin, Dwight Stifler, the leader of the Beta House fraternity, who invites Erik, Cooze, and Bobby to a Beta House party. They	They	PRON	learn	VERB	 learn
Lichtenstein's magnification of his source material made his impersonally drawn motifs seem all the more empty. Busche also says that although a critique of modern industrial America may be read into these images, Lichtenstein " would appear to accept the environment as revealed by his reference material	material	NOUN	as	ADP	 as
Each of the three sides aim to control the Hoover Dam, which is still operational and supplying the Southwest with power and clean, non irradiated water; thus, control of the dam means effective control of the region. It is revealed that Mr. House, a	a	DET	human	NOUN	 human
Diiie is made up of two sections of 38 poems. The 20 poems in the first section, " Where Love is a Scream of Anguish ", center on love. Many of the poems in this section and the next are structured like blues and jazz music	music	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
Flottenabteilung Wulff was sent through the mouth of the Danube and across the Black Sea to Odessa, where it spent several months supporting the Austro Hungarian troops enforcing the peace agreement with Russia. It returned to the Danube at the end of August, and was anchored at	at	ADP	Brăila	PROPN	 Brăila
It was filmed in front of a live audience on November 20. A technique called " Poor Man's Process " was used during the car scene with George and Jerry; one or two crew members would shake the car to give the impression that it was moving	moving	VERB	,	PUNCT	,
The segment from the Mexican border to SR 98 was completed by March 1996 to expressway standards; this cost $9.1 million (about $16.9 million in 2015 dollars) to complete. However, the border crossing was not opened until December 2, 1996, due	due	ADP	to	ADP	 to
The original temple, completed in 1140 to lavish proportions with extensive ornamentation, consisted of a roof measuring 32 feet (9.8 m), much larger than the Abu temple. Its overall dimensions were 300 by 230 feet (91 m × 70 m) with the	the	DET	central	ADJ	 central
In 1959, a study contract was awarded to Hawker Siddeley and Bristol for preliminary designs based on the slender delta concept, which developed as the HSA.1000 and Bristol 198. Armstrong Whitworth also responded with an internal design, the M Wing, for the lower speed shorter	shorter	ADJ	range	NOUN	 range
In April 1942, Major General Edward P. King surrendered his force as they could no longer keep up a sustainable defense. Of the 75,000 that surrendered, about 63,000 were Filipinos, and a thousand were Chinese Filipinos. Forced to march to San Fernando, Pampanga,	,	PUNCT	in	ADP	 in
" He concluded his review: " Here We Go Again isn't perfect by any means, and when compared to someone like Clarkson or Pink, it's obvious the young singer has lots of work ahead of her if she wants to truly cement herself as a	a	DET	serious	ADJ	 serious
Urban sociology involves the analysis of social life and human interaction in metropolitan areas. It is a discipline seeking to provide advice for planning and policy making. After the industrial revolution, works such as Georg Simmel's The Metropolis and Mental Life (1903) focused on	on	ADP	urbanisation	NOUN	 urbanisation
Square Enix had changed its mind, and no longer liked the Nordic style of this spin off game, so a last minute style change was attempted. The game had been such a well guarded secret, and had been through so many changes, that most employees	employees	NOUN	did	AUX	 did
On the other hand, the Old Prussians themselves were at that time being subjected to increasingly forced (including papacy sponsored crusades), but largely ineffective Christianization efforts. The Teutonic Order soon overstepped the authority and moved beyond the area granted them by Konrad (Chełmno Land	Land	PROPN	or	CCONJ	 or
It is a common puffball of the Rocky Mountains and Pacific Coast ranges of western North America. The puffball is more or less round with a diameter of up to 15 cm (6 in), white becoming brownish in age, and covered with shallow pyramid shaped	shaped	VERB	plates	NOUN	 plates
The film follows the lives of several gay and lesbian Orthodox Jews and includes interviews with rabbis and psychotherapists about Orthodox attitudes towards homosexuality. During the film's six year production, DuBowski met hundreds of homosexual Jews, but only a handful agreed to be filmed due to	to	ADP	fear	NOUN	 fear
Some of the properties of the Hortdan include: the ability to transform into an animal, invisibility, and the propensity to drain the vitality of victims via blood loss. Many myths surrounding vampires originated during the medieval period. The 12th century English historians and chroniclers Walter	Walter	PROPN	Map	PROPN	 Map
By the Qing Dynasty, both lapsang souchong and gongfu black tea were well recognized in China and noted in " Records on Yiwu mountain " (武夷山志) by the scholar Dong Tiangong (董天工). Although each type of tea has different taste, smell, and	and	CCONJ	visual	ADJ	 visual
While describing the song's lyrics and message, Houston said the following in an interview with ' Ebony: A powerful ballad; [songwriter] Stephen Schwartz is a genius. You have to be a child of God to understand the depth of this song. Mariah	Mariah	PROPN	and	CCONJ	 and
However, when Disney attempted to take over, Fox exercised its right of first refusal. In October 2006, Fox finally agreed to commit to making Avatar after Ingenious Media agreed to back the film, which reduced Fox's financial exposure to less than half of the	the	DET	film	NOUN	 film
The remora Remora australis and occasionally the amphipod Cyamus balaenopterae can also be found on fin whales, both feeding on the skin. Infestations of the giant nematode Crassicauda boopis can cause inflammation of the renal arteries and potential kidney failure, while the smaller C. crassicauda infects the	the	DET	lower	ADJ	 lower
In June, Hamilton's return to Fort Hamilton with a large group of militia aligned Native Americans coincided with the arrival of one of the survivors of the June 14 Spafford Farm massacre. The survivor, Francis Spencer, arrived at the fort around the same time as	as	SCONJ	Hamilton	PROPN	 Hamilton
After the November 4, 1872 election, Louisiana was a split state. In a controversial election, two candidates were claiming victory as governor. Violence was used to intimidate black Republicans. The fusionist party of Liberal Republicans and Democrats claimed John McEnery as the victor,	,	PUNCT	while	SCONJ	 while
Her relocation to Vancouver and sickness in the family put her on a self confessed personal and professional low. She nevertheless tried to stay true to her character " and not go for the cheap laugh ". After a miscarriage scare during the filming of the first direct	direct	NOUN	to	ADP	 to
Professional female singers perform dirges similar in style to those elsewhere in Europe. Yodeling exists in northern Italy, though it is most commonly associated with the folk musics of other Alpine nations. The Italian Carnival is associated with several song types, especially the Carnival of Bagolino	Bagolino	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
The estimates were for a 90% increase until 2000, given an opening in 2002. A bid for the project was gathered from Selmer – Furuholmen, which gave a maximum price of NOK 55 million, given that construction started in 1989. On 12 December 1989	1989	NUM	,	PUNCT	,
In a letter addressed to Nigeria's military ruler Sani Abacha in 1996, he called for the immediate release of General Olusegun Obasanjo, the former head of state of Nigeria, who had become the first military ruler in Africa to keep his promise to hand over power	power	NOUN	to	ADP	 to
The next highway junction is just over thirteen miles (21 km) east of Camp Houston, and is the northern terminus of SH 14 as signed; however, ODOT documents show SH 14 continuing east along US 64 from this point for slightly less than thirteen miles	miles	NOUN	(	PUNCT	 (
Bell attended these meetings in order to find government ' plants ' in that group. Bell subsequently became involved in a tax dispute with the Internal Revenue Service, which stated that he owed $30,000 to the federal government. From 1995 through early 1996, Bell authored	authored	VERB	an	DET	 an
On 27 August 1310, Archbishop Thomas of Esztergom put the Holy Crown on Charles's head in Székesfehérvár; thus, Charles's third coronation was performed in full accordance with customary law. However, his rule remained nominal in most parts of his kingdom. Matthew Csák	Csák	PROPN	laid	VERB	 laid
They were also successful in their capture of Maj. Gen. Takeo Manjom and his 2,000 soldiers and munitions. Panay las under Col. Macario Peralta helped in the seizing of the Tiring Landing Field and Mandurriao district airfield during the Battle of the Visayas. Major Ingeniero commanded	commanded	VERB	the	DET	 the
Kafka's last lover, Dora Diamant (later, Dymant Lask), also ignored his wishes, secretly keeping 20 notebooks and 35 letters. These were confiscated by the Gestapo in 1933, but scholars continue to search for them. As Brod published the bulk of	of	ADP	the	DET	 the
Smith was an aide to President Harding's U.S. Attorney General Harry Daugherty. While he helped Smith pick up the money from the floor, Smith told him the money was Daugherty's. Forbes said that the ability to buy narcotics was rampant at Atlanta and Leavenworth federal	federal	ADJ	prisons	NOUN	 prisons
Over the field seasons of 1924 and 1925, Wheeler ran excavations of the Roman fort of Y Gaer near Brecon, a project aided by his wife and two archaeological students, Nowell Myres and Christopher Hawkes. During this project, he was visited by the prominent Egyptologist	Egyptologist	PROPN	Sir	PROPN	 Sir
It was the final match of the 2006 – 07 staging of the Football League Cup, and last to be staged at the Millennium Stadium. Chelsea were making their fifth League Cup final appearance to Arsenal's sixth. Each club needed to get past four rounds to	to	PART	reach	VERB	 reach
M. nigrocincta ants are primarily black and orange red in colour. They have mandibles which are either black or yellow depending on where the ants are found. The gaster, head, legs and mesonotum are black while the pronotum, propodeum, petiole and post petiole are	are	AUX	red	ADJ	 red
The system could be configured at US $2299, much more comparable with the former base model dual core G5 at US $1999, although offering considerably more processing power. Post revision, the default configurations for the Mac Pro includes one quad core Xeon 3500 at	at	ADP	2.66	NUM	 2.66
The manuscript is dated palaeographically to the 6th century or 7th century. According to Tischendorf it was written in the 6th century. Probably it was written in Italy. Nothing is known about its early history. In the 12th or 13th century four of its leaves were	were	AUX	used	VERB	 used
Organizers followed the lead of their counterparts in Los Angeles for the 1984 Summer Olympics, attracting a large television contract in the United States and was the first host city to benefit from a change in the IOC's strategy on corporate sponsorship. The Calgary Games attracted support	support	NOUN	from	ADP	 from
El Macho announces his plan to launch rockets full of the mutated Minions into major cities in order to achieve world domination. He makes Gru an offer, proposing that they team up, but Gru leaves without giving an answer. On her flight to Australia, Lucy	Lucy	PROPN	realizes	VERB	 realizes
Tweedy in particular was inspired by the Minutemen, and wrote a song about D. Boon following Boon's death in a van accident. The band has released songs originally performed by Creedence Clearwater Revival, The Carter Family, Lead Belly, Gram Parsons, The Soft Boys	Boys	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
As a result, Backer et al. determined in November 1982 that the source was a pulsar rotating every 1.558 milliseconds, a rate far beyond anything that astronomers studying pulsars had expected. When Backer et al. reported their finding in November 1982, they found that	that	SCONJ	the	DET	 the
By the turn of the 20th century, the difficulty of navigating the Columbia was seen as an impediment to the economic development of the Inland Empire region east of the Cascades. The dredging and dam building that followed would permanently alter the river, disrupting its natural flow	flow	NOUN	but	CCONJ	 but
By 1984, there were four organisations governing classification for the sport: ISOD, ISMGF, IBSA and CP ISRA. Currently, people with physical disabilities and vision impairment are eligible for classification. In 1983, Cerebral Palsy International Sports and Recreation Association (CP ISRA)	)	PUNCT	set	VERB	 set
Another possible site is Lullingstone, in Kent, where a religious site dating to 300 was found underneath an abandoned church. Soon after his arrival, Augustine founded the monastery of Saints Peter and Paul, which later became St Augustine's Abbey, on land donated by	by	ADP	the	DET	 the
As is typical of temperate zones, weather patterns vary by season with occasional extremes in temperature and rainfall. Primarily in the spring and early summer months, the city is subjected to severe thunderstorms containing large hail, damaging winds, and, occasionally, tornadoes, providing	providing	VERB	the	DET	 the
Studies have shown that the basidia develop in four discrete generations. The first generation basidia are the most protuberant, and extend out the greatest distance from the surface of the hymenium. Subsequent generations of basidia have shorter and less protuberant bodies. When a living gill is	is	AUX	viewed	VERB	 viewed
The Melbourne Aces played at the Melbourne Showgrounds, after the Victorian state government announced a A $300,000 upgrade of the grounds. Similarly the Queensland state government announced a A $300,000 upgrade of the Brisbane Exhibition Ground for use by the Brisbane Bandits as their home field	field	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
Now he has become just that person, that he himself was looking for ", he said. Former Chinese diplomat Yang Hengjun described it as a strong signal to the Chinese government to speed up political reform " or you will have a lot of enemies around you	you	PRON	and	CCONJ	 and
Detractors have raised concerns over Lichtenstein's appropriation, in that he directly references imagery from other sources in Whaam! and other works of the period. Some have denigrated it as mere copying, to which others have countered that Lichtenstein altered his sources in significant, creative	creative	ADJ	ways	NOUN	 ways
Thomas Holtz would also note that Tyrannosaurus had proportionately longer feet than the animals it hunted: duck billed dinosaurs and horned dinosaurs. However, Paul and Christiansen (2000) argued that at least the later ceratopsians had upright forelimbs and the larger species may have been as	as	ADV	fast	ADV	 fast
He then moved toward Harrison's Island, learned of the defeat at Ball's Bluff, and quickly asked McClellan for help from McCall, whom he thought nearby but was actually more than twenty miles away. Stone lost about 1,000 men killed, wounded, captured,	,	PUNCT	and	CCONJ	 and
On set, Claudia Black and Michael Shanks decided to make one of their first scenes, a fight sequence, as funny and non machismo as possible to mirror Daniel's non military background. In the meantime, Black tried to transform her day long jetlag and lack	lack	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
However, the reviewers criticized it for its choppy scrolling and sound, of which they said " David Whittaker has already produced much better sound ". Wonder Boy in Monster Land received additional coverage years after its release. A 2004 review from Honest Gamers highly lauded its	its	PRON	gameplay	NOUN	 gameplay
In local competitions, they were eliminated in the semi final of the Birmingham Senior Cup, also by West Bromwich Albion, and lost to Aston Villa in the final of the Mayor of Birmingham's Charity Cup. The committee opted not to compete in the United Counties	Counties	PROPN	League	PROPN	 League
After being the sole survivor in his elimination match, Randy Orton celebrated his victory with his father, " Cowboy " Bob Orton, and wrestlers from the SmackDown! brand. During the celebration, druids brought out a casket and set it up in an upright position	position	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
After six measures, the tenor sings a melody to it that gently rises and falls, and repeats it almost the same way. Then, while the motion in the orchestra stays the same, the key changes to the minor mode, and the Lamb of God	God	PROPN	is	AUX	 is
Porte, however, suffered a mechanical problem in the final 10 kilometres (6.2 mi) and he was unable to regain contact with the main group, despite assistance from his teammates and from Michael Matthews, Porte's fellow Australian. Porte lost over 40 seconds to	to	ADP	the	DET	 the
They charged that he had secretly favored the Compensation Act of 1816 and had worked to pass it, despite his vote against it. In contrast to his rhetoric in favor of a strong, well equipped army and navy, opponents claimed he had actually voted against increasing	increasing	VERB	the	DET	 the
" Vogue " was certified double platinum by the Recording Industry Association of Japan (RIAJ) for shipments of 800,000 units. The single entered at number four on Japan's TBS Count Down TV Chart; it stayed there for two consecutive weeks, and lasted seventeen weeks	weeks	NOUN	in	ADP	 in
Although average precipitation and humidity during summer is low, there are infrequent yet heavy and often violent storms. During spring and autumn, temperatures vary between 13° C (55° F) to 18° C (64° F), and precipitation during this	this	DET	time	NOUN	 time
The largest crowd to attend a Seahawks game at CenturyLink Field was 69,055 vs the Pittsburgh Steelers on November 29, 2015. CenturyLink Field has earned a reputation as one of the loudest stadiums in the NFL. It was, at one point in time, in the	the	DET	Guinness	PROPN	 Guinness
Struthers, John (1871). " On some points in the anatomy of a Great Fin Whale (Balaenoptera musculus) ". Journal of Anatomical Physiology 6: 107 – 125. Struthers, John (1881). " On the bones, articulations and muscles	muscles	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
After the privatisation of British Rail, the locomotives in the 47 / 8 number range were mainly used by Virgin Trains on cross country work until the introduction of their Voyager trains. These duties have kept them maintained in serviceable condition, allowing them to remain operational longer	longer	ADV	than	ADP	 than
" The next year, he was nominated for another Razzie Award for his work on the film. DiCaprio's first film of 2002 was the biographical crime drama film Catch Me If You Can, based on the life of Frank Abagnale Jr., who, before his	his	PRON	19th	ADJ	 19th
This was a blue yellow red tricolor with horizontal stripes and the coat of arms in the center of the yellow field and the inscription “ Republica Democratică Moldovenească şi Independentă ” (“ The Moldavian and Independent Democratic Republic ”) in the center of the blue field.	.	PUNCT	The	DET	 The
" Gabriele Bartz and Eberhard König " In a world where all experience was based in the glorious lost past of Antiquity, he made a new beginning. Michelangelo, more even than Raphael or Leonardo, embodies a standard of artistic genius which reveals a radically changed image	image	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
In her autobiography, she remembered feeling more nervous in an audition where she sight read to Andrew Lloyd Webber an unreleased piece that he had written. On 28 July 2004, Westenra and American tenor James Doing staged Wisconsin concert with Wisconsin Chamber Orchestra and broadcast by Wisconsin	Wisconsin	PROPN	Public	PROPN	 Public
He came in at 6 / 664 and was unable to join in the high scoring, making only nine as the lower order folded quickly, none of the four bowlers reaching double figures. Australia subsequently proceeded to victory by an innings and 451 runs, their biggest	biggest	ADJ	winning	VERB	 winning
Mir's legacy lives on in the station, bringing together five space agencies in the cause of exploration and allowing those space agencies to prepare for their next leap into space, to the Moon, Mars and beyond. Criticism of the program was primarily concerned with the	the	DET	safety	NOUN	 safety
I wull be sold. I wants a change '. " For the husband, the sale released him from his marital duties, including any financial responsibility for his wife. For the purchaser, who was often the wife's lover, the transaction freed him from	from	ADP	the	DET	 the
Kaiser Wilhelm II, the emperor of Germany, believed that a strong navy was necessary for the country to expand its influence outside continental Europe. He initiated a program of naval expansion in the late 1880s; the first battleships built under this program were the four Brandenburg	Brandenburg	PROPN	class	NOUN	 class
" Birthday " has charted at number 191 on the South Korea Gaon International Chart due to high digital downloads. An accompanying music video for the song was released on July 22, 2013, to coincide with Gomez's 21st birthday, and features Gomez and her friends	friends	NOUN	partying	VERB	 partying
His arms became fiercely scarred from improperly shooting heroin and cocaine, leaving permanent abscesses. He spent the next three years holed up in his Hollywood Hills home, the walls of which were badly damaged and covered in graffiti. During this time, his friends Johnny Depp	Depp	PROPN	and	CCONJ	 and
Oxford were coached once again by Sean Bowden, who set their boat up as " tandem rigged " (where two consecutive crew row on the same side of the boat), the first time such a configuration had been used in the Boat Race since 1975.	.	PUNCT	Steve	PROPN	 Steve
They passed the finishing post three and a half lengths ahead, with an eleven second advantage over the Dark Blues. The Light Blues finished in 16 minutes 41 seconds, a time only bettered once before, in 1998. It was the first time since 1936 that	that	PRON	Cambridge	PROPN	 Cambridge
Working extensively with the musicians and his instructional cards — the Oblique Strategies — during the two years working on the album, Eno wrote over one hundred songs. Jim DeRogatis, author of Turn on Your Mind: Four Decades of Great Psychedelic Rock, described the overall	overall	ADJ	sound	NOUN	 sound
Hence the halo region of the Milky Way galaxy, including globular cluster members, are unlikely to host habitable terrestrial planets. In spite of the lower likelihood of giant planet formation, just such an object has been found in the globular cluster Messier 4. This planet	planet	NOUN	was	AUX	 was
Madero had escaped from prison and, while in exile in the US in November 1910, called for an uprising against Díaz. In the northern state of Chihuahua the call was answered by trader, miner and arms smuggler Pascual Orozco and the " social bandit " Pancho	Pancho	PROPN	Villa	PROPN	 Villa
The fourteenth tropical cyclone and named storm of the 2012 Atlantic hurricane season, Nadine developed from a tropical wave west of Cape Verde on September 10. By the following day, it had strengthened into Tropical Storm Nadine. After initially tracking northwestward, Nadine turned northward,	,	PUNCT	well	ADV	 well
Latex condoms also performed better for the consumer: they were stronger and thinner than rubber condoms, and had a shelf life of five years (compared to three months for rubber). Until the twenties, all condoms were individually hand dipped by semi skilled workers.	.	PUNCT	Throughout	ADP	 Throughout
Combs announced, however, that he would serve only until a new election could be held. In April 1951, Governor Wetherby appointed Combs to fill a vacancy on the Kentucky Court of Appeals caused by the death of Judge Roy Helm. Later that year, he	he	PRON	sought	VERB	 sought
In addition to her transgressive appearance, which was described as a " mash up of brazen Seventies punk and spooky Eighties goth with a dash of S & M temptress " by Lynn Hirschberg of W, Mara participated in a formal screening and was filmed by Fincher on	on	ADP	a	DET	 a
The tourists had largely been content to wait for loose deliveries, rather than take risks, and as the Englishmen bowled accurately, the Australians did not score quickly. In the third over after the lunch break, with the score at 87, Bradman was caught for	for	ADP	the	DET	 the
" When a post office was established in 1930 in the unincorporated settlement of Drennan, near the site of some of his mining claims, it was renamed Earp, California in his honor. Arctic explorer Lincoln Ellsworth became fascinated with the Earp legend. Ellsworth completed four	four	NUM	expeditions	NOUN	 expeditions
The first festival at Worthy Farm was the Pilton Pop, Blues & Folk Festival, mounted by Michael Eavis on Saturday 19 September 1970, and attended by 1,500 people. The original headline acts were The Kinks and Wayne Fontana and the Mindbenders but these acts were replaced	replaced	VERB	at	ADP	 at
Roger Ebert of the Chicago Sun Times felt that the reboot provided better reasons for why Peter Parker adopts his superhero role, even if the origin story didn't need to be told once again. He also remarked that it was " probably the second best " of	of	ADP	the	DET	 the
The huia, with the previously endangered saddleback, were the two species of classic bark and wood probers in the arboreal insectivore guild in the New Zealand avifauna. Woodpeckers do not occur east of Wallace's line; their ecological niche is filled by other groups of birds	birds	NOUN	that	PRON	 that
Poet John Milton wrote anonymous pamphlets advocating for ideas such as liberalizing divorce, the establishment of a republic and the importance of free speech. A then anonymous pamphlet in 1738 by Maria Theresa of the Austrian Empire was influential in criticizing the freemasons and advocating for an alliance	alliance	NOUN	between	ADP	 between
As the carrier was designed for a support role, significant anti aircraft weaponry was installed on the vessel: sixteen 12.7 cm (5.0 in) guns, one hundred and twenty five 2.5 cm (0.98 in) anti aircraft guns, and three hundred and thirty six	six	NUM	5	NUM	 5
When the agents confront Ausbury with the accusations, he is shocked, and denies them. Shannon stays after school to make up her assignment of dissecting the pig. Mrs. Paddock takes her bracelet and uses it as part of a spell that causes Shannon to slit her	her	PRON	wrists	NOUN	 wrists
Thereafter, he worked irregularly and attended political and religious meetings, trying to understand the reasons for the economic turmoil of the Panic of 1893. In so doing, he became interested in anarchism. By 1901, this movement was feared in the United States — New	New	PROPN	York	PROPN	 York
In 2009, Activision tripled its Guitar Hero offerings, and in addition to further continuation of the existing main series with Guitar Hero 5 and expansions, they introduced the titles Band Hero, geared towards more family friendly pop music, and DJ Hero, a game based	based	VERB	on	ADP	 on
Mortal Kombat 3 and its updates added a sixth " run " button. Characters in the early Mortal Kombat games play virtually identically to one another, with the only major differences being their special moves. Through the 1990s, the developer and publisher Midway Games would keep	keep	VERB	their	PRON	 their
" Catucci described " SMS (Bangerz) " as a " merry rap off " with pop singer Britney Spears, who appears as a guest vocalist in the second verse. " 4x4 " features hip hop recording artist Nelly, and lyrically discusses the story of a	a	DET	"	PUNCT	 "
However, those who met him found him to possess a quiet and cool demeanor, obvious intelligence, and a dry sense of humour; they also found him boyishly handsome, although of austere appearance. Brod compared Kafka to Heinrich von Kleist, noting that both writers	writers	NOUN	had	VERB	 had
Similarly, if it were too salty, only extreme halophiles could survive in its environment. Evidence suggests the existence of lakes of liquid water entirely encased in Europa's icy outer shell and distinct from a liquid ocean thought to exist farther down beneath the ice shell.	.	PUNCT	If	SCONJ	 If
They also have red eyes. Its diet consists of a variety of crustaceans, mainly krill, as well as small fish and cephalopods; the species consumes more marine life annually than any other species of seabird. These birds moult once a year, spending about three	three	NUM	to	PART	 to
It peaked at number one on the albums chart in Argentina and was certified gold for selling 20,000 units in the country. In Mexico, it debuted at number one on the Mexican Albums Chart. The success of the album in the country was such that it had	had	AUX	shipped	VERB	 shipped
In 1900, the university established the MacLennan Travelling Library. McGill University Waltz composed by Frances C. Robinson, was published in Montréal by W.H. Scroggie, c 1904. In 1885, the university's Board of Governors formally adopted the use of the name " McGill University	University	PROPN	"	PUNCT	 "
Hence, Louisiana has had a bounty to try to reduce nutria numbers. Large alligators, however, feed heavily on nutria, so alligators may not only control nutria populations in Louisiana, but also prevent them spreading east into the Everglades. Since hunting and trapping preferentially	preferentially	ADV	take	VERB	 take
Balotelli scored his first goal of the 2011 – 12 campaign in a 2 – 0 League Cup win against Birmingham City. He followed this up with the opening goal against Everton three days later. On 1 October 2011 he scored his third goal in as many games	games	NOUN	in	ADP	 in
Takeda defined it as a literal anime sweatshop, the building was shutdown at 9: 00 pm and a majority of the staff would be locked inside and working through the night without air conditioning. The Daicon IV film officially credits a production crew of twelve people.	.	PUNCT	Hiroyuki	PROPN	 Hiroyuki
The decision had been taken to have no Territorial Force units in Ireland and so the two yeomanry regiments were disbanded and reconstituted in the Special Reserve as the North Irish Horse and South Irish Horse. The Isle of Man Volunteers and Bermuda Volunteer Rifle Corps remained organised as	as	ADP	Volunteers	NOUN	 Volunteers
An Indian resistance movement against U.S. expansion had been growing through the leadership of the Shawnee brothers, Tecumseh and Tenskwatawa (The Prophet). The conflict became known as Tecumseh's War. Tenskwatawa convinced the native tribes that they would be protected by the Great Spirit and	and	CCONJ	no	DET	 no
" Laws also felt that the speed at which the immigration department operated was " amazingly on the ball ", when in reality many illegal immigrants " slip through the net ". The Daily Mail's Jaci Stephen deemed the storyline one of the worst in EastEnders '	'	PART	history	NOUN	 history
After his army crossed the Euphrates, following a route opened up by Lucullus over a hundred years before, he received envoys from Tiridates and Vologases. At the approach of such a large force, and aware of Corbulo's ability as a general, the two Arsacids	Arsacids	PROPN	were	AUX	 were
" The number of active mills dropped from 250 in 1926 to 81 in 1947 and 24 in 1974, increasingly concentrated in industrial centres. However, the invention of the double weave and light tweeds caused significant growth in demand for Welsh textiles. When Burberry bought the	the	DET	Treorchy	PROPN	 Treorchy
Bates cautioned that, just as one should not attempt to run a marathon without training, one should not immediately look directly at the sun, but he suggested that it could be worked up to. He acknowledged that looking at the sun could have ill effects,	,	PUNCT	but	CCONJ	 but
In 2001 61.6% of people living in Cullompton travelled to work by car or van and 83% of households had at least one car. In October 1969 a bypass was completed but after only five years this was upgraded to form part of the M5. Since	Since	SCONJ	this	DET	 this
Since Hawking's publication, many others have verified the result through various approaches. If Hawking's theory of black hole radiation is correct, then black holes are expected to shrink and evaporate over time as they lose mass by the emission of photons and other particles.	.	PUNCT	The	DET	 The
An uncomfortable Ben tells Leslie they should tell her about their relationship, but Leslie does not want to lose the bubble. Fed up, Ben storms into Marlene's office and tells her that he is dating her daughter and asks her to keep it secret. Marlene	Marlene	ADJ	laughs	VERB	 laughs
Heywood was among those who remained on board. Not all the 25 men who remained on Bounty were mutineers; Bligh's launch was overloaded, and some who stayed with the ship did so under duress. " Never fear, lads, I'll do you justice	justice	NOUN	if	SCONJ	 if
Beyoncé first performed " If I Were a Boy " on November 6, 2008, at the MTV Europe Music Awards. She later performed the song during the sixth series of the British television show Strictly Come Dancing and the 2008 World Music Awards in Monaco on November	November	PROPN	9	NUM	 9
Attempts by the New Jersey Legislature to reform local government and the school systems led to the breakup of most of Bergen County's townships into small boroughs, communities that still balkanize the state's political map. This occurred because of the development of commuter suburbs in New	New	PROPN	Jersey	PROPN	 Jersey
The sultan would write on the same sheet " I have been informed " (manzurum olmuştur) multiple times, followed by the item number to which he is referring. When palace bureaucracy was reorganized after the Tanzimat reforms, the Sultan's decision came to be written	written	VERB	directly	ADV	 directly
The British refused to cooperate in the French plot, and an attack was averted. According to Lambert, however, the prince had indeed been an enthusiastic partner in the bid to end Ranavalona's reign, and his own true feelings about the endeavor had been deliberately	deliberately	ADV	misrepresented	VERB	 misrepresented
At the time of his birth, the standard transcription was " Soeharto " and he preferred the original spelling. The international English language press generally uses the spelling ' Suharto ' while the Indonesian government and media use ' Soeharto '. Suharto's upbringing contrasts with that	that	PRON	of	ADP	 of
I have told the Sec. of War, Mr. Stimson, to use it so that military objectives and soldiers and sailors are the target and not women and children. Even if the Japs are savages, ruthless, merciless and fanatic, we as the leader of	of	ADP	the	DET	 the
" In 1800, Madison was appointed as a trustee of the Kentucky Seminary in Franklin County. On December 5, 1806, he served on a grand jury in the case of Aaron Burr's conduct; they did not find grounds for treason charges. Madison was	was	AUX	appointed	VERB	 appointed
We are committed to working closely with Pakistan and Afghanistan to prevent this from ever happening again. " US Secretary of Defence Leon Panetta said in a separate statement that the US " remains committed to improving our partnership with Pakistan and to working closely together as our two	two	NUM	nations	NOUN	 nations
As of April of the 2010 – 2011 school year, Whitney High School runs forty seven clubs. Many of these clubs, including those pertaining to art, dance, music (the school's band and orchestra), foreign language, and the United States Air	Air	PROPN	Force	PROPN	 Force
During the siege of Stalingrad, Novikov successfully persuaded Marshal Zhukov and in turn, Joseph Stalin that the air force was not ready for a planned counter offensive, an argument to which both commanders eventually conceded. After a substantial period of development, Novikov was able to	to	PART	provide	VERB	 provide
Lyell's theory of uniformitarianism and his interpretation of geologic change as the steady accumulation of minute changes over enormously long spans of time was a central theme in the Principles, and a powerful influence on the young Charles Darwin. (Robert FitzRoy, captain of HMS Beagle	Beagle	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
The people they were sent to rescue refused to leave, so instead the soldiers helped evacuate members of a German field hospital trapped close to the front. For this Eichmann was awarded the Iron Cross, Second Class. Throughout October and November, Eichmann arranged for tens	tens	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
Hammond designed it as the company's flagship product, in response to market competition and to replace the B 3. However, it was considered expensive at $9,795 and it sold poorly. It did not sound like a B 3. Hammond introduced their first integrated	integrated	VERB	circuit	NOUN	 circuit
Became the NATIONAL CHAMPIONS in an event called BAJA STUDENT INDIA in January 2015. The Institute of Electrical and Electronics Engineers (IEEE) operates a student branch in RVCE. It organises many events, some of them being a workshop LabVIEW (Laboratory Virtual Instrumentation Engineering Workbench	Workbench	PROPN	)	PUNCT	)
Monopoly is cited as the board game played most often and most duplicated via hand made copies in the former German Democratic Republic. One official version of the game was printed for the Soviet Union by Parker Brothers in 1988. After the Cold War ended, official editions	editions	NOUN	have	AUX	 have
Additionally, a single player outfit pack was released on Xbox Live. The pack contains the Demolition, Sure Shot and Mountaineer outfits. Tomb Raider was critically acclaimed. In a ' world exclusive ' review, GamesMaster magazine gave the game a score of 90%,	,	PUNCT	as	ADV	 as
At the end of the year, Emotions finished number 35 on the Year End Albums Chart of 1991. To date, the album has been certified quadruple platinum by the Canadian Recording Industry Association (CRIA), denoting shipments of 400,000 units. In Japan, Emotions	Emotions	PROPN	debuted	VERB	 debuted
Tech's Graham Harrell threw a touchdown pass and Texas answered with a rushing touchdown. On the ensuing kick, Texas used a pooch kick which was tipped by a Texas Tech player. The Longhorns ' kickoff team recovered the ball, helping put their offense to rush	rush	VERB	for	ADP	 for
The letters " LTFC " were added in 1935, and this basic design remained until 1947. The club then played without a badge until 1970, when the club began to wear the town crest regularly, having first done so in the 1959 FA Cup Final.	.	PUNCT	In	ADP	 In
Carte later said it was " the scheme of my life " to found a school of high quality, family friendly English comic opera, in contrast to the bawdy burlesques and adaptations of French operettas that dominated the London musical stage at that time. His experience in	in	ADP	writing	VERB	 writing
The Ramayana narrates: Kabandha was born as a gandharva (celestial musician) named Vishvavasu. He was the son of the gandharva Sri Vishvavasu or Sri and was also known as Danu (दनु). Vishvavasu performed penance and got the boon of immortality from the creator	creator	NOUN	god	PROPN	 god
In a meeting in New York, Misholi had the idea of building a business around centralized hardware systems to support voice and fax messaging and selling them to telecommunications companies and other large enterprises, who could then resell the voice and fax services to their customers. The	The	DET	three	NUM	 three
" Yes, I think that can be done ", I said... I had no doubt of its purpose: we thought Don was frightened of sharp rising balls, and we reasoned that if he got a lot of them he would be... intimidated and eventually	eventually	ADV	,	PUNCT	,
His most recognized tunes included the chart topping country / pop hits " King of the Road ", " Dang Me " and " England Swings ", all from the mid 1960s Nashville sound era. After growing up in Oklahoma and serving in the United States Army	Army	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
The request was denied on 15 March, and by the summer of 1991, the JNA came under the control of the Serbian President Slobodan Milošević as the Yugoslav federation started to fall apart. Milošević became de facto commander of the JNA once he secured control over the	the	DET	rump	NOUN	 rump
Beria's proposals were designed to denigrate Stalin and pass the blame for Beria's own crimes to the late leader. One proposal, which was adopted, was an amnesty which eventually led to the freeing of over a million prisoners. Another, which was not,	,	PUNCT	was	AUX	 was
They sued, and in May 1965 the Montana Supreme Court ruled in Siskon's favor. Siskon bought the mine at a sheriff's sale and in turn leased it to a group headed by Arnold Baron, who had a background in gemcutting and jewelry. Baron organized	organized	VERB	German	ADJ	 German
In his minor league career, he batted.289, with a.376 OBP and a.487 slugging percentage in 752 at bats. Davis played in spring training with the Mets in 2010, and led the team with a.480 average as he hit 3 homers. He also sparkled on defense	defense	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
His parents ' only surviving son, he had three older sisters. Gaddafi's upbringing in Bedouin culture influenced his personal tastes for the rest of his life. He repeatedly expressed a preference for the desert over the city and retreated to the desert to meditate. From	From	ADP	childhood	NOUN	 childhood
Not much talent was available as other teams protected young prospects. The players the Senators did select were " journeymen NHLers or players who had good years in minor leagues but no longer were considered prospects. " While side deals during the Draft were not allowed, the	the	DET	team	NOUN	 team
Contribution by Harmony Samuels, Kenneth " Babyface " Edmonds, Patrick " J. Que " Smith and Victorious co star Leon Thomas III, as well as others, handling the production on the album. Grande recorded a number of songs on this album over a three year	year	NOUN	period	NOUN	 period
The reviewer for Edge further praised the art direction, especially with regards to the enemy and armor designs. The gameplay was generally praised by reviewers, who typically found the combat engaging but were split on the repetitive aspects of the game. 1UP.com's Matt Clark said	said	VERB	that	SCONJ	 that
The building was extensively renovated in 1989 to accommodate the needs of Salomon Brothers. This led to the alternative naming of the building as the Salomon Brothers building. Most of three existing floors were removed as tenants continued to occupy other floors, and more than 350 tons	tons	NOUN	(	PUNCT	 (
Handlen had much praise for the second half, which he noted was filled with dark humor, and featured a " bizarre ending ". John Keegan from Critical Myth gave the episode a largely negative review and awarded it a 2 out of 10. He wrote,	,	PUNCT	"	PUNCT	 "
Toriyama designed the game's aesthetic, including characters, monsters, vehicles, and the look of each era. Masato Kato also contributed character ideas and designs. Kato planned to feature Gaspar as a playable character and Toriyama sketched him, but he was cut early in	in	ADP	development	NOUN	 development
In 1887 trains took between 15 and 20 minutes to travel approximately one mile from Wood Siding to Brill, and a little over 1 hour 20 minutes from Wood Siding to the junction station with the main line at Quainton Road. Improvements to the line carried out at	at	ADP	the	DET	 the
" He said that anticommunism had given way to a new, aggressive defense establishment in the United States. In a book titled Militarism U.S.A. (1970), Shoup and Donovan elaborated their criticisms. Shoup said the country was seeking military solutions to issues that could be	be	AUX	resolved	VERB	 resolved
Fraternities began to share the social spotlight with ribbon societies at the university, which were founded in reaction to the fraternities ' social exclusivity. The ribbon societies, such as Eli Banana and T.I.L.K.A., were originally meant to increase social involvement among students, but eventually took	took	VERB	on	ADP	 on
They decided to separate into several sub committees responsible for various aspects of the Games. These committees included housing and maintenance, venue construction, finances, and media and advertising. The local committees worked very closely with the Swiss federal government and the IOC to ensure that	that	SCONJ	the	DET	 the
He directed his followers in " sexual theater ", a form of psychodrama that often involved public and group sex, the making of pornographic movies, and other intensified sexual practices. Drug and alcohol use were often encouraged, and earlier proscriptions against meat and " junk	junk	NOUN	food	NOUN	 food
Lewis Corner from Digital Spy gave the song four out of five stars, stating that its " ear snagging melody revives some of her earlier pop perfection. " Hilary Hughes from Esquire felt that Kelly's guest appearance on the song, improved its quality much more than	than	ADP	the	DET	 the
Junya Nakano was born in Kyoto, Japan. His parents introduced him to music when he was three years old, offering him lessons in the electronic organ through the Yamaha Music Foundation; they also encouraged him to join some brass bands. After playing the 1979 arcade	arcade	NOUN	game	NOUN	 game
It also received nominations for the Satellite Award for Best Animated or Mixed Media Feature, the Chicago Film Critics Association Award for Best Animated Feature, and the Broadcast Film Critics Association Award for Best Animated Feature. Before its release, the film received a nomination at the	the	DET	2007	NUM	 2007
" Describing her as " ultra competent, " Natural Living Today's Emily Nussbaum likened Monica to the fairy tale character Snow White, on whose homemaking skills the five other main characters heavily rely, similar to the relationship between Snow White and the seven dwarfs. Although	Although	SCONJ	Monica	PROPN	 Monica
Mars is scarred by a number of impact craters: a total of 43,000 craters with a diameter of 5 km (3.1 mi) or greater have been found. The largest confirmed of these is the Hellas impact basin, a light albedo feature clearly visible from Earth	Earth	PROPN	.	PUNCT	.
Alan Sepinwall of The Star Ledger wrote that " after an underwhelming pre credits sequence... this sucker moved, and lots of things happened. We met our four new regulars, squeezed in useful flashbacks about [them] and even found out the real reason they're	're	AUX	on	ADP	 on
From late 1974 Holmes took the lead in furthering plans to silence Scott; through various intermediaries he found Andrew Newton, an airline pilot, who said he would dispose of Scott for a fee of between £5,000 and £10,000. Meanwhile, Thorpe procured £20,000	20,000	NUM	from	ADP	 from
In " Under the Hood " (2005), a resurrected Todd tries to force Batman to avenge his death by killing the Joker (who enjoys their conflict more than killing Todd). Batman refuses, arguing that if allows himself to kill the Joker, he	he	PRON	will	AUX	 will
In the winter of 1928 – 29, Hammond toured Australia with the M.C.C. The side was a strong one which overpowered Australia, winning the five match series 4 – 1. Hammond was remarkably successful in his first campaign for The Ashes. Wisden described his batting as	as	ADP	a	DET	 a
Harris suggests that this showed that the journalist " had long ceased operating on a rational wavelength about the diaries ". The circle of those at Gruner + Jahr who knew about the diaries grew in May 1981 when Fischer decided to look into the complicated copyright circumstances surrounding	surrounding	VERB	Hitler	PROPN	 Hitler
During this time the First World War broke out. After recuperating from a bout of phlebitis, Crowley set sail for the United States aboard the RMS Lusitania in October 1914. Arriving in New York City, he moved into a hotel and began earning money writing for	for	ADP	the	DET	 the
It is inspired by the N.W.A biopic Straight Outta Compton and is a compilation style album, featuring a number of frequent collaborators, including Eminem, Snoop Dogg, Kendrick Lamar, Xzibit and The Game, among others. It was released exclusively for iTunes and Apple Music	Music	PROPN	on	ADP	 on
During the war, he aided soldiers by providing supplies and holding rallies for those returning home. In public affairs, he led the Texas War on Drugs Committee in 1979 at the behest of Republican Governor Bill Clements, and was put in charge of the Select Committee	Committee	PROPN	on	ADP	 on
" Tom Sinclair of Entertainment Weekly said she was " in fine voice ", He wrote that " Through the Rain " sinks in its own sodden sentimentality, as do by the numbers efforts like ' Yours ' and ' I Only Wanted ' ", and added	added	VERB	that	SCONJ	 that
It's got a shot that's always stuck with me, when Buzz Lightyear discovers he's a toy. He's sitting on this landing at the top of the staircase and the camera pulls back and he's this tiny little figure. He was this guy	guy	NOUN	with	ADP	 with
The engravings, by Jan Sadeler and Crispijn de Passe, were widely distributed in Scotland, along with those of the deities. Indeed, the image of Prudence is identical to that used by the King's Master of Works William Schaw, in the spectacular display to	to	PART	welcome	VERB	 welcome
The cap tissue is made of narrow cylindrical hyphae that are 4.5 – 9 μm in diameter. They contain granules that have a purple brown pigment. The stipe cuticle is made of loosely arranged, cylindrical hyphae measuring 2 – 7 μm. Clamp connections are absent from	from	ADP	the	DET	 the
Red Headed Woman begins with Harlow seducing her boss Bill LeGendre and intentionally breaking up his marriage. During her seductions, he tries to resist and slaps her, at which point she looks at him deliriously and says " Do it again, I like it! Do	Do	VERB	it	PRON	 it
The festival had the largest attendance since the construction of the security fence, and the largest legitimate attendance to date: ticket allocation was raised by 27,500 to 137,500, which were charged at £145 and sold out in 1 hour 45 minutes. As an extra precaution	precaution	NOUN	against	ADP	 against
The avoidance principle implies that any smooth curve eventually either reaches a singularity (such as a point of infinite curvature) or collapses to a point. For, if a given smooth curve C is surrounded by a circle, both will remain disjoint until one or the	the	DET	other	ADJ	 other
Proceeding onward, the tank completely traversed the Gifu and destroyed five more pillboxes, breaching a gap 200 yd (180 m) wide in the Japanese line. The American infantry surged through the gap and took positions in the middle of the Gifu. That night,	,	PUNCT	around	ADV	 around
Hirschman believed that Nurkse's balanced growth theory wasn't in fact a theory of growth. Growth implies the gradual transformation of an economy from one stage to the chronologically next stage. It entails the series of actions which leads the economy from a stage of infancy to	to	ADP	that	PRON	 that
Section 9 speculates that the project itself created the Puppet Master, who then escaped, and Section 6 now wants him back. Daisuke Aramaki, head of Section 9, suspects that the project and the Puppet Master are tools of the Ministry of Foreign Affairs. The	The	DET	escape	NOUN	 escape
They released an album, Mehliana: Taming the Dragon, in February 2014. Late in 2015, a collection of solo piano recordings from Mehldau's concerts in Europe in the 2004 – 14 period was released, entitled 10 Years Solo Live. Another trio recording with	with	ADP	Grenadier	PROPN	 Grenadier
The first release in this project and the sixth release in the Mana series was announced in September 2005 as Children of Mana for the DS. Children of Mana was developed by Nex Entertainment, who had previously created dungeon crawl games in the Shining series, in collaboration	collaboration	NOUN	with	ADP	 with
All action is unified into one basic plot: Prospero's struggle to regain his dukedom; it is also confined to one place, a fictional island, which many scholars agree is meant to be located in the Mediterranean Sea. Another reading suggests that it takes place	place	NOUN	in	ADP	 in
Phanocles, a near contemporary of Hermesianax, composed an elegiac catalogue of mythological pederastic relationships entitled the Loves or Beautiful Boys in which each story was introduced by the formula ē ' hōs (ἠ ' ὡς), " or like ". Nicaenetus of Samos, a	a	DET	later	ADV	 later
Upon entering the Ellwood House, guests of Isaac or Perry Ellwood would have been greeted or formally welcomed by members of the family. After Perry Ellwood inherited the house in 1910 the entry parlor began to become known as the library. Prominent among the library's features	features	NOUN	is	AUX	 is
Built from brick and stone, the frontage features square Corinthian columns. Still a popular venue, it is today a Grade II listed building. The Bournemouth Eye is a helium filled balloon attached to a steel cable in the town's lower gardens. The spherical balloon	balloon	NOUN	is	AUX	 is
In 1990, the country was reunified. In the 21st century, Germany is a great power and has the world's fourth largest economy by nominal GDP, as well as the fifth largest by PPP. As a global leader in several industrial and technological sectors,	,	PUNCT	it	PRON	 it
When the Miami Seahawks of the new All America Football Conference (AAFC) offered him a $12,000 contract, however, he accepted it and joined the team. The Seahawks won just three games in 1946, the AAFC's first season of play, and Jones	Jones	PROPN	was	AUX	 was
Each forelimb of the horse runs from the scapula or shoulder blade to the navicular bone. In between are the humerus (arm), radius (forearm), elbow joint, ulna (elbow), carpus (knee) bones and joint, large metacarpal (	(	PUNCT	cannon	NOUN	cannon
11.4% had no religion, 0.2% had an alternative religion and 7.4% did not state their religion. This is similar to the rest of the country, although the proportions of Muslims and Jews are nearly twice the national average. It contains the Heaton Park	Park	PROPN	Hebrew	PROPN	 Hebrew
The ships were armed with four 8.8 cm SK L / 30 guns placed in single pivot mounts, two side by side forward, and two side by side aft. The guns were supplied with between 462 and 680 rounds of ammunition, and they had a range	range	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
Following disembarkation, the 2 / 5th concentrated around Tadji airstrip. In December, the Australians began offensive operations against the Japanese forces that were operating in the surrounding areas. For the next seven months until the war ended the 2 / 5th undertook patrols through the Torricelli	Torricelli	PROPN	and	CCONJ	 and
In March 1826, when she was 24, she formed a relationship with the 22 year old William Corder (born 1803). Marten was an attractive woman and relationships with men from the neighbourhood had already resulted in two children. One, the child of William	William	PROPN	's	PART	's
They were effective in battle, but translated into much anti Tutsi sentiment in the local media. It was reported that BM 21 launchers were used against American forces during the 2003 invasion of Iraq. They have also been used in the Afghanistan and Iraq insurgencies. In	In	ADP	Iraq	PROPN	 Iraq
Directed by Harry Winer, with a story by Phil Klemmer, John Enbom, and Joe Voci and a teleplay by Klemmer and Enbom, the episode premiered on The CW on February 20, 2007. The series depicts the adventures of Veronica Mars (Kristen Bell)	)	PUNCT	as	SCONJ	 as
This forced companies to consolidate. In addition, Native American graves had to be relocated and temporary fish ladders had to be constructed. During construction additional problems included landslides and the need to protect newly poured concrete from freezing. Construction on the downstream Grand Coulee Bridge began	began	VERB	in	ADP	 in
In the May 2014 issue of Glamour, she stated, " I associate that name [ScarJo] with, like, pop stars. It sounds tacky. It's lazy and flippant. And there's something kind of violent about it. There's something insulting	insulting	VERB	about	ADP	 about
Frank has partnered with Ron Paul in support of online gambling rights. In 2006, both strongly opposed H.R. 4777, the Internet Gambling Prohibition and Enforcement Act, and H.R. 4411, the Goodlatte Leach Internet Gambling Prohibition Act. To restore online gambling rights, in 2007	2007	NUM	Frank	PROPN	 Frank
Raziel ventures into a large cathedral once inhabited by the humans and finds the Zephonim clan. After ascending into the cathedral's spires, he finds that Zephon is now a large insect like creature whose body has merged into the cathedral spire in which he dwells. Raziel	Raziel	PROPN	kills	VERB	 kills
In her first year in the Swimsuit Issue (1999), she painted Rebecca Romijn, Heidi Klum, Sarah O'Hare, Michelle Behennah, Yamila Díaz Rahi, and Daniela Peštová in a variety of beachware. The first Gair Sports Illustrated body paintings occurred at Richard Branson	Branson	PROPN	's	PART	's
Unsuccessful candidates have their deposits forfeited if they do not receive at least one eighth of the total number of votes polled in the GRC. Critics have noted that the number of walkovers has generally increased since the introduction of GRCs. To date, only one opposition party	party	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
At the height of the fighting, on 17 January 1945, Wallenberg was called to General Malinovsky's headquarters in Debrecen to answer allegations that he was engaged in espionage. Wallenberg's last recorded words were, " I'm going to Malinovsky's... whether as a	a	DET	guest	NOUN	 guest
After they have subsided and sunk below the sea surface such flat top seamounts are called " guyots " or " tablemounts " A total of 9,951 seamounts and 283 guyots, covering a total of 8,796,150 km2 (3,396,210 sq mi) have been mapped but only a few	few	ADJ	have	AUX	 have
At this time, the hurricane watch area was modified to Tampico to Tuxpan, and a hurricane warning was issued from Tampico to Veracruz. The following day, this hurricane warning was changed to a tropical storm warning following Nate's weakening trend. All hurricane watches were	were	AUX	discontinued	VERB	 discontinued
.. systematically manhandles chapters and verses to bring out ' Contradictions, ' ' Absurdities, ' ' Atrocities, ' and ' Obscenities, ' exactly in the manner of Paine's Age of Reason. " The periodical The Freethinker (founded in 1881 by George Foote)	)	PUNCT	argued	VERB	 argued
He was fine with this, saying " as good as today was for Appalachian State, they can take it up there and put it down. I can't wait to get there and see it. " Several students jumped nude into the duck pond behind ASU	ASU	PROPN	's	PART	's
Sound on Sound's Rod Spark, a longtime Hammond enthusiast, said these models were " a matter of taste, of course, but I don't think they're a patch on the old ones ". In 2002, Hammond Suzuki relaunched the B 3 as	as	ADP	the	DET	 the
An additional five Japanese divisions and two mixed brigades were sent to Leyte, and the battle became one of grinding attrition. Able to view his troops in action more often than hitherto, Krueger found much to criticize. He noted that tanks were employed poorly, that	that	SCONJ	the	DET	 the
Mustaine explained that " Loved to Deth " was his " version of a love song " to his girlfriend at the time. The title track was inspired by The Punisher comic book, and tells of a paid serial assassin. The song caused minor media controversy when	when	SCONJ	a	DET	 a
In 2011 the tomb was cleaned of the many lipstick marks left there by admirers, and a glass barrier was installed to prevent further marks or damage. The epitaph is a verse from The Ballad of Reading Gaol: And alien tears will fill for him Pity's	's	PART	long	ADV	 long
Most of the inhabitants deserted Danebury, and groups of bodies were disposed of in charnel pits. The site continued in use, but on a much smaller scale than before. Buildings were left to decay and the interior of the fort became used for grazing. By	By	ADP	the	DET	 the
The North Korean attack spread south and by 1200 North Korean small arms fire fell on G Company, 5th Cavalry Regiment, on Hill 303. Instead of moving east into the mountains as other landings had, this force turned south and headed for Waegwan. Early in	in	ADP	the	DET	 the
And of course the game was written in XNA, so it was a no brainer ". Schatz tried but ultimately failed to port the game to the PlayStation 3. In order to publish the game on Xbox Live, Schatz partnered with video game publishing company Majesco	Majesco	PROPN	.	PUNCT	.
Due to the storm surge, part of Louisiana Highway 82 was closed between Holly Beach and Johnson Bayou. Additionally, Interstate 10 was also flooded by storm surge. Minor flooding from the surge traveled up the Calcasieu River to Lake Charles, where water flooded a local	local	ADJ	yacht	NOUN	 yacht
One reason for Roosevelt's action was his desire to neutralize a potential rival for the presidency: Taft's success in the Philippines had not gone unnoticed in the American press. The following year, Roosevelt asked Taft to become Secretary of War. As the War Department	Department	PROPN	was	AUX	 was
The case notably altered the policy of the French Emperor Napoleon III, who shifted from opposing the movement for Italian unification to actively supporting it. The traditional Italian historiography of unification does not give much prominence to the Mortara case, which by the late 20th century was	was	AUX	remembered	VERB	 remembered
Kahn also decided to end the video with an image of Spears smiling, because " We just needed to tell everybody she's OK ". A censored version of the music video premiered on October 10, 2008 on ABC's 20 / 20 at the end of	of	ADP	their	PRON	 their
The minutes of the commission of The Virgin of the Immaculate Conception (1607 – 1613), which were composed by the personnel of the municipality, describe El Greco as " one of the greatest men in both this kingdom and outside it ". Between 1607 and	and	CCONJ	1608	NUM	 1608
In 1982, the US Mint began minting pennies coated in copper but containing primarily zinc. The new zinc pennies pose a risk of zinc toxicosis, which can be fatal. One reported case of chronic ingestion of 425 pennies (over 1 kg of zinc) resulted	resulted	VERB	in	ADP	 in
I despise them. " As a result, Arndt developed his script lampooning the thought process: " And I thought there's something so wrong with that attitude... I wanted to... attack that idea that in life you're going up or you're going down	down	ADV	...	PUNCT	...
Leo and Grace, however, assure Will that they will have a wedding reception in honor of him, which improves Will's relationship with both Grace and Leo. During the reception, Grace learns many things she did not know about Leo, including that his first	first	ADJ	name	NOUN	 name
By the end of August, the crisis subsided. North Korean attacks on the perimeter had tapered off. While the North Korean force numbered 88,000 troops, Lieutenant General Walton Walker's Eighth Army now numbered 180,000, and he had more tanks and artillery pieces. In	In	ADP	1949	NUM	 1949
Megh formed on November 5, 2015, in the eastern Arabian Sea, and followed a path similar to Chapala. After moving northward, the cyclone turned to the west, and fueled by warm water temperatures, it quickly intensified. On November 7, the storm	storm	NOUN	developed	VERB	 developed
The album contained songs that " Mama (Mana's mother) wants Mana chan to sing ". Her official profile on Universal Music's website was unveiled during the announcement. The single, a lively dance piece with a cheerful rhythm and similar to Maru – Maru	Maru	PROPN	–	PUNCT	 –
Shelley differentiates her travel book from others by presenting her material from what she describes as " a political point of view ". In so doing, she challenges the early nineteenth century convention that it was improper for women to write about politics, following in the tradition	tradition	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
For instance, they suggested building new radars that could be used over land, allowing the fight to continue throughout the raid. A contract for this type of radar had already been sent out in June or July. They suggested that the filter room at RAF Bentley	Bentley	PROPN	Priory	PROPN	 Priory
Assigned to the 9th Brigade, 3rd Division, the Liverpool Scottish occupied trenches in the Kemmel area, five miles south of Ypres. The 1 / 10th suffered its first fatality on 29 November: Captain Arthur Twentyman, killed while attempting to return to British lines.	.	PUNCT	The	DET	 The
" He was considered extremely difficult to work with, often voting against the rest of the board and wanting his own way. Kehoe repeatedly accused Superintendent Emory Huyck of financial mismanagement. He argued with township financial authorities, trying to get the valuation of his property reduced	reduced	VERB	,	PUNCT	,
Upon crossing County Route 657 (CR 657), the road heads into residential areas before crossing a Southern Railroad of New Jersey railroad line and the Fenwick Creek. At the crossing of the latter, Route 45 enters Mannington Township and becomes an unnamed road that passes	passes	VERB	marshland	NOUN	 marshland
It turns out she was placed there by her father, the sorcerer Okba and one of the murderers of Thalaba's family. Okba, old and worn out, comes and asks Thalaba to simply kill him and end his misery. However, Thalaba denies the request	request	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
The 3rd person singular and plural nominative forms, ngonggega and bogo, are labeled ' rare ' because they are gradually becoming disused. Speakers prefer to use non personal pronouns such as gayh- ' that ' or gayh gorden ' those '. Moreover, since the person	person	NOUN	and	CCONJ	 and
; " [it doesn't so much raise] the bar, as balances it on top of Mount Snowdon " going on to state: " From a foundation of ELO guitar cloud swells, Gruff's Elvis Costello in a bubblegum bath voice wraps around tender trombone	trombone	NOUN	parps	NOUN	 parps
Altrincham is in the Roman Catholic Diocese of Shrewsbury, and the Church of England Diocese of Chester. The nearest synagogue, belonging to Hale and District Hebrew Congregation, is on Shay Lane in Hale Barns. Construction of the Manchester South Junction and Altrincham Railway began in	in	ADP	1845	NUM	 1845
The species is found in west southern Canada, and in the United States its distribution forms a crescent from the north mid west through New England and south to Florida. M. inclemens has been able to establish itself in man made structures such as outbuildings or fences.	.	PUNCT	Maevia	PROPN	 Maevia
De Flacourt's " tivouch " led early writers to believe that variants of the bird were found on Madagascar and the Cape of Africa; they were thought to be hoopoes of the Upupa genus, which received names such as Upupa capensis and Upupa madagascariensis. A number	number	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
The larger chain of command, legal framework, discourses, and established practices which resulted in the sinking have not been judicially investigated. The tragedy became part of the Albanian folk song repertoire relating to the migration of Albanians abroad. The leading figures of this practice were	were	AUX	local	ADJ	 local
An archaeological survey of the Citadel of Arbil, in the plain south of the lower course of the Great Zab, has shown that this site was continuously occupied at least from the 6th millennium BCE upward. The earliest historical reference to the region dates to the Ur	Ur	PROPN	III	PROPN	 III
The main turret armour was 290 millimetres (11.4 in) in thickness with a 50 millimetre (2.0 in) roof and the barbettes were protected by 250 mm (9.8 in) of armour. The armour for the secondary turrets ranged from 102 millimetres (4.0 in	in	ADP	)	PUNCT	)
After her homeport was changed to New York in December 1945, she made several more runs to Europe as a hospital ship, then converted to USAT Blanche F. Sigman in April 1946. As a transport, the ship made numerous trips bringing home nurses and military personnel	personnel	NOUN	prior	ADV	 prior
The film is a romance with a storyline focused around a country boy who follows a circus parade to the circus grounds and becomes intent on sneaking into the show. He is discovered, but before he can be ejected, a girl asks her father to buy him	him	PRON	a	DET	 a
In County Cork, Ireland, the county's gun clubs shot over 23,000 hooded crows in two years in the early 1980s. The IUCN Red List does not distinguish the hooded crow from the carrion crow, but the two species together have an extensive range, estimated	estimated	VERB	at	ADP	 at
Allocation of codes for Svalbard and Jan Mayen occurs under Norway's entry in ISO 3166 2, ISO 3166 2: NO. By virtue of the collective ISO 3166 1 code SJ, Svalbard and Jan Mayen were grouped together and allocated the Internet country code top level	level	NOUN	domain	NOUN	 domain
It is a collaborative enterprise between local conservation volunteers and Gateshead Council, seeking to turn two hectares of unattractive wasteland into an urban nature park. Many of the trees were planted by local school children and today the reserve is a large open space offering the same panoramic	panoramic	ADJ	views	NOUN	 views
A week later Jim Gannon returned to Edgeley Park for a third spell as manager, following a successful period at Northwich Victoria. In February 2015, The Stockport County board of directors issued an open statement about the future aspirations of the football club, named as the	the	DET	'	PUNCT	 '
The depression moved briskly westward, and was upgraded to Tropical Storm Dean at 1500 UTC on August 14. The storm's intensity continued to build although dry air and cooler air inflow from the north were slowing structural development. Ragged bands formed on August 15 and the	the	DET	formation	NOUN	 formation
" Black was one of the Associate Justices who held in Brown v. Board of Education that segregation in public schools is unconstitutional. The plaintiffs were represented by Thurgood Marshall. A decade later, on October 2, 1967 Marshall became the first African American to be appointed	appointed	VERB	to	ADP	 to
In one such review, an anonymous critic from the New York Times Book Review noted that the beginning of the novel was " sufficiently well done to lead the reader to expect a novel of possibly a trifle more than average interest and average merit " but ultimately concludes	concludes	VERB	that	SCONJ	 that
By the 14th edition in 1942, the Dewey Decimal Classification index was over 1,900 pages in length and was published in two volumes. The growth of the classification to date had led to significant criticism from medium and large libraries which were too large to use the abridged	abridged	VERB	edition	NOUN	 edition
Recruited by several firms, Romney joined the Boston Consulting Group (BCG), reasoning that working as a management consultant for a variety of companies would better prepare him for a future position as a chief executive. Part of a 1970s wave of top graduates who chose	chose	VERB	to	PART	 to
Roth took on the role of conductor for the series after trying to get the show to be performed by his Chicago Pops orchestra, and hearing that other tour locations were hesitant about putting on the concert. He has said that he tried to add to the concerts	concerts	NOUN	his	PRON	 his
Offshore South Korea, the winds and waves wrecked 28 boats, while one boat went missing with a crew of 10 people. Typhoon Oliwa dissipated on September 19 in northern Pacific Ocean near the International Date Line. The origins of Typhoon Oliwa were from an unusually eastward	eastward	ADJ	extension	NOUN	 extension
Drake has also been critiqued for his expensive, product placement heavy attire, exampled the video for " Hotline Bling ". Drake modeled a $1,500 Moncler Puffer Jacket, a $400 Acne Studios turtleneck, and a pair of limited edition Timberland 6 " Classic Boots	Boots	PROPN	.	PUNCT	.
Louis Antoine de Saint Just was born at Decize in the former Nivernais province of central France. He was the eldest child of Louis Jean de Saint Just de Richebourg (1716 – 1777), a retired French cavalry officer, knight of the Order of Saint Louis	Louis	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
There is widespread agreement among Wilde scholars that the most important influence on the play was W. S. Gilbert's 1877 farce Engaged; Wilde borrowed from Gilbert not only several incidents but, in Russell Jackson's phrase " the gravity of tone demanded by Gilbert of his actors	actors	NOUN	"	PUNCT	 "
The fungus is better cooked before eating, and some authors recommend discarding the glutinous cuticle and tubes before cooking. Moreover, the skin can spoil other fungi with which slippery jacks are collected. Inexpensive powdered S. luteus fruit bodies are sometimes added to the more expensive B.	B.	PROPN	edulis	PROPN	 edulis
The line and hedge were considered to be an infringement on the freedom of Indians and in opposition to free trade policies and were eventually abandoned in 1879 when the tax was applied at point of manufacture. The salt tax itself would remain in place until 1946. When	When	SCONJ	the	DET	 the
At approximately 12: 00 UTC on September 30, a low pressure area developed into a tropical depression while situated about 175 mi (280 km) northeast of Turks and Caicos Islands. The depression moved parallel to the islands of the Bahamas and slowly strengthened, reaching	reaching	VERB	tropical	ADJ	 tropical
, London, 1821. " The book was reprinted in many subsequent versions with a 6th edition in 1826, another in 1832, an 8th edition in 1847, and a royal octavo ' Memorial Edition ' in 1885. A History of British Birds. First Edition	Edition	PROPN	.	PUNCT	.
When the examiner uses color, the imaging is not much improved. A thrombus may not be evident in the scan. Also a vein lumen may show echoes without the presence of a thrombus. The location of the thrombus and its detail will inform of the seriousness	seriousness	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
Manage Lake Okeechobee as an ecological resource to avoid the drastic rise and fall of water levels in the lake that are harmful to aquatic plant and animal life and disturb the lake sediments. Improve water deliveries to estuaries to reduce the rapid discharge of excess water to the	the	DET	Caloosahatchee	PROPN	 Caloosahatchee
Kentrosaurus was by Hennig assigned to the Stegosauridae in 1915. This is confirmed by modern cladistic analyses, although it should be noted that in 1915 Stegosauridae was a far more inclusive concept. A consecutive narrowing down of this concept caused Kentrosaurus, until the 1980s to be	be	AUX	seen	VERB	 seen
In season three's " Relic ", it is revealed Jor El came to Smallville as a " rite of passage " by his own father. It is deduced by Clark that Jor El chose the Kent family to be Clark's adoptive family after having a positive	positive	ADJ	experience	NOUN	 experience
In 1914 the Australian ornithologist Gregory Mathews delineated five species, which remain valid. Analysis of ribosomal and mitochondrial DNA indicated that the five species had diverged from a common ancestor only recently — as little as 1.5 million years ago. There are two species pairs, the	the	DET	great	ADJ	 great
Furthermore, in Asturias (2002), Andalusia (2002) and Extremadura (2003), same sex couples could jointly begin procedures to temporarily or permanently take children in care. These associations also argued that there was no scientific basis for the claim that the parents	parents	NOUN	'	PART	 '
However, Grandison could not marry her, as she demanded that he, an Anglican Protestant, become a Catholic, and he was unwilling to do so. After he left, she grew ill out of despair, and the Porrettas were willing to accept his religion	religion	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
The three major components of peat are humic acid, humins, and fulvic acid. Of these, humins give the most reliable date as they are insoluble in alkali and less likely to contain contaminants from the sample's environment. A particular difficulty with dried peat is	is	AUX	the	DET	 the
According to Billboard and tour producer Arthur Fogel, the tour grossed over US $194.7 million ($228,542,704 in 2016 dollars) from 60 shows and 1.2 million audience, becoming highest grossing tour ever for a female artist and breaking the record previously held by Cher for	for	ADP	her	PRON	 her
The motorway is nationally significant because of its positive economic impact on the cities and towns it connects, and because of its contribution to tourism in Croatia. The importance of the motorway as a transit route will be further increased upon completion of a proposed expansion of the	the	DET	Port	PROPN	 Port
Angel was to have been a mutant experiment by William Stryker, transforming into Archangel. A reference to Dougherty's and Harris ' efforts to include Angel remains in the form of an X ray on display in one of Stryker's labs. Tyler Mane was to reprise	reprise	VERB	as	ADP	 as
In a November 1, 2006 interview, Fey said she had seen the first two episodes of Studio 60. When asked what her impressions were, she jokingly replied, " I can't do impressions of Bradley Whitford and Matthew Perry. " At least five 30	30	NUM	Rock	PROPN	 Rock
The British warship HMS Marlborough rescued the Dowager Empress Marie and some of her family from the Crimea but Grand Duchess Olga and Kulikovsky decided to stay in Russia and travelled to the Caucasus region, where the Bolsheviks had been pushed back by the White Army. During the	the	DET	journey	NOUN	 journey
The only exception is if National Harbor becomes the location for the Prince George's County casino. In May 2016, the Stronach Group purchased Rosecroft Raceway for an undisclosed sum. The purchase was scheduled to close in mid summer, pending approval by the Maryland Racing Commission	Commission	PROPN	.	PUNCT	.
Factories such as those that produce bricks or timber products are located further away from the main city areas. As the principal gateway for tourists to the state, tourism remains as one of economic source for Kuala Terengganu. Transport facilities that are available in Kuala Terengganu include	include	VERB	the	DET	 the
It's really good. " [There] was never even a question of whether or not to put it on the record, or was that a " real " Blink song, or was that the right direction for us to go. Whatever song we write	write	VERB	,	PUNCT	,
In 1827, Lathrop Minor Taylor established a post for Samuel Hanna and Company, in whose records the name St. Joseph's, Indiana was used. By 1829, the town was growing, with Coquillard and Taylor emerging as leaders. They applied for a post office	office	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
" On 12 April, concluding that all was lost, the U.S. evacuated its embassy personnel by helicopter during Operation Eagle Pull. The 276 evacuees included U.S. Ambassador John Gunther Dean, other American diplomatic personnel, Acting President Saukam Khoy, senior Khmer Republic government officials and	and	CCONJ	their	PRON	 their
The word " pullet " itself comes from Middle English pulet, from Old French polet, both from Latin pullus, a young fowl, young animal or chicken. The word " fowl " is of Germanic origin (cf. Old English Fugol, German Vogel,	,	PUNCT	Danish	PROPN	 Danish
Bart King was regarded by many of his contemporaries as an affable person. Ralph Barker called him the Bob Hope of cricket thanks to his quips and stories. King was also noted for making jabs at opponents, but leaving them laughing at themselves. The same held	held	VERB	true	ADJ	 true
According to Kurt and Barbara Aland it agrees with the Byzantine standard text 151 times, and 72 times with the Byzantine when it has the same reading as the original text. It agrees 31 times with the original text against the Byzantine. It has 57 independent or	or	CCONJ	distinctive	ADJ	 distinctive
Chitwood pointed out that Tyler was a logical candidate: as a Southern slaveowner, he both balanced the ticket and assuaged the fears of Southerners who felt Harrison might have abolitionist leanings. Tyler had been a vice presidential candidate in 1836, and having him on the ticket	ticket	NOUN	might	AUX	 might
This right, however, was more than 40 years ago conferred by statute, which, among other things, provides that the Seneca Nation of Indians may maintain any action of ejectment to recover the possession of any part of the Allegany and Cattaraugus reservations unlawfully withheld from	from	ADP	them	PRON	 them
" Jason Alkeny of AllMusic stated that the album would only really be accessible to hardcore Flaming Lips fans, but that " they're in for the musical experience of a lifetime ". Critics who disliked the album cited what they viewed as a ridiculous concept. Salon	Salon	PROPN	remarked	VERB	 remarked
Billy Vaughn covered " Here We Go Again " on his 1967 Ode to Billy Joe instrumental jazz album, as did Dean Martin on his 1970 album My Woman, My Woman, My Wife. Glen Campbell's version appeared on his 1971 album The Last Time I	I	PRON	Saw	VERB	 Saw
At this time, the Rev. Elias van Bunschooten, a Princeton trained minister residing in Sussex County, New Jersey, established funded a trust for assisting indigent young men in pursuing their studies preparing for ministry. In 1823, the Synod paid a significant portion of Queen	Queen	PROPN	's	PART	's
Vettel's car was still suffering from the hydraulics problem and he completed just five laps, again setting the slowest time of the session. Saturday's weather was again dry for the third and final practice session, with ambient temperature between 27 – 29° C (	(	PUNCT	81	NUM	81
He finished his service in the Mediterranean with action at the Battle of Cape St Vincent, and later served in the West Indies before the Peace of Amiens. Macnamara found himself in trouble with the law after killing a man in a duel, but summoned a bevy	bevy	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
However, in 2009 the VH 71 procurement was abruptly terminated following the withdrawal of funding. In 2010, Boeing considered an AW101 submission in the restarted VXX program. In April 2009, India ordered 12 AW101 to serve as executive transport helicopters for the Indian President and	and	CCONJ	Prime	PROPN	 Prime
Chris Redfield, a primary character from the video games, was featured for the first time in the film franchise. Other characters from the games and films who returned are: Claire Redfield, Chris's sister who has lost her memory prior to the film's events	events	NOUN	;	PUNCT	;
Mexico was unable to recover from Australia's high scoring from Merritt, who ultimately scored 14 points with 70 per cent shooting, and Crispin, who scored twelve points with 67 per cent shooting. The two teams went into the quarter time break with the score 21	21	NUM	points	NOUN	 points
After retiring from the military with the rank of wing commander, Plagis returned home to Southern Rhodesia in 1948. A street in the north Salisbury suburb of Alexandra Park had been named after him in recognition of his wartime exploits; he moved into the house at the	the	DET	end	NOUN	 end
" Brian Lowry of Variety concluded that " Lost … approaches its twists with what appears to be a greater degree of intellectual rigor than almost anything else on primetime. Even when it's difficult to keep track of the myriad connections, a sense lingers that somebody knows	knows	VERB	—	PUNCT	 —
Generating Web traffic is a valuable commodity for both individuals and businesses because it indicates notability. With Twitterbots, users are able to create the illusion of " buzz " on their site by obtaining followers from services such as Swenzy and underground suppliers who operate bot farms or	or	CCONJ	click	VERB	 click
To them the Zero did not long remain a mystery plane. Word quickly circulated among the combat pilots as to its particular attributes. Indeed on 6 October while testing the Zero, [Akutan Zero test pilot Frederick M.] Trapnell made a highly revealing statement: '	'	PUNCT	The	DET	 The
In keeping with his ninja persona, his character can interact with the game environment to perform acrobatic feats, such as running along and jumping off walls, swinging from pole to pole, or running across water. The game world is made up of several distinct regions	regions	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
Lieber began 2007 on the DL with a strained right oblique, and when he was activated on April 9, he was placed in the bullpen. After two relief outings, he returned to the rotation on April 20 when Brett Myers was moved to the bullpen.	.	PUNCT	On	ADP	 On
With three days to go, McCain shut down his negative ads against Bush and tried to stress a positive image. But McCain's stressing of campaign finance reform, and how Bush's proposed tax cuts would benefit the wealthy, did not appeal to core Republicans in	in	ADP	the	DET	 the
Fishing is permitted at Colton Point State Park. Anglers must descend the Turkey Path to reach Pine Creek. The species of fish found in Pine Creek are trout, smallmouth bass, and some panfish. There are several small trout streams that are accessible from within the	the	DET	park	NOUN	 park
Starting in 1922, the production of Grodziskie was continued by only one company, Zjednoczone Browary Grodziskie (United Grodzisk Breweries). Between 1929 and 1993, this style had a regionally protected designation put in place by the cabinet of Poland. Production continued under the German	German	ADJ	occupation	NOUN	 occupation
Located at 138 13th Street East, North Vancouver, Smith converted the attic into a temple for Thelemic rituals. Smith also decided to join the Ordo Templi Orientis (O.T.O.), an occult organisation whose British branch, the Mysteria Magica Maxima (MMM), was	was	AUX	run	VERB	 run
In January 1944, the Allies intercepted communications indicating that German commanders were concerned by the possibility of landings in the Bay of Biscay region of France. The next month, German naval and air units undertook anti invasion exercises in the area. Ironside was intended to amplify	amplify	VERB	these	DET	 these
On an even smaller scale, the somatic cells that make up the body of an animal limit their reproduction so they can maintain a stable organism, which then supports a small number of the animal's germ cells to produce offspring. Here, somatic cells respond to	to	ADP	specific	ADJ	 specific
Arizona is under the control of the National Park Service, but the U.S. Navy still retains the title. Arizona retains the right, in perpetuity, to fly the United States flag as if she were an active, commissioned naval vessel. The wreck of Arizona remains	remains	VERB	at	ADP	 at
The Air Force and government eventually concluded that it was too early to make a decision on this matter, and no action was taken. The RAAF accepted all 24 F 111Cs at a ceremony held at Fort Worth, Texas, on 4 September 1968. At this	this	DET	time	NOUN	 time
In mid 1910, the Wrights changed the design of the Wright Flyer, moving the horizontal elevator from the front to the back and adding wheels although keeping the skids as part of the undercarriage unit. It had become apparent by then that a rear elevator would make	make	VERB	an	DET	 an
By early afternoon they had returned to their camp, rested, and were on their way south. M. de Rouilly, the leader of the supply convoy Rogers had intercepted, returned to Carillon and alerted Paul Louis de Lusignan, the fort's commander. According to	to	ADP	Lusignan	PROPN	 Lusignan
It features two slightly different battle systems: in the first the user controls human characters in turn based combat manipulated through the sequencing of learned combos. The second, making use of " gears, " introduces different sets of statistics and abilities for each character. Xenogears	Xenogears	NOUN	features	VERB	 features
An OSRD team had selected the Knoxville, Tennessee, area in April 1942, and in May Arthur Compton, the director of the Metallurgical Laboratory had met with Gordon R. Clapp, the General Manager of the Tennessee Valley Authority (TVA). The Chief Engineer of	of	ADP	the	DET	 the
He sought advice to do so in correspondence with von Kármán; whose advice he followed by enrolling in an evening course in advanced mathematics at USC to bolster his employability in the field — but again he neglected attendance and failed the course. Parsons again resorted to bootlegging	bootlegging	VERB	nitroglycerin	NOUN	 nitroglycerin
In 2009 a dispute over Limbang District was settled with Brunei, which dropped its claim over the territory. Sarawak claimed the James Shoal (Beting Serupai) and Luconia Shoals (Beting Raja Jarum / Patinggi Ali) as part of its exclusive economic zone (EEZ)	)	PUNCT	.	PUNCT	.
In 1953, an extension of the Pennsylvania Turnpike from the mainline near Philadelphia north through Northeastern Pennsylvania to the New York border near Binghamton was proposed. Groundbreaking for the Northeastern Extension occurred on March 25, 1954 in White Haven, with Governor John S. Fine and commission	commission	NOUN	chairman	NOUN	 chairman
Frequently pictured posing by the famous Number 10 front door, Humphrey's primary duties involved catching mice and rats in the maze of Downing Street buildings. The poor quality of the buildings, some of which date from the 16th century, and the nearby St. James's	's	PART	Park	PROPN	 Park
On top of the mountain was a well kept plaza with a fire that was kept permanently lit so travellers could make offerings of copal incense. Another mountain god was called Vatanchu, which translates as " straight god ", who inhabited a peak on the road from	from	ADP	Chulul	PROPN	 Chulul
By 1919, the industry had collapsed due to prohibition, and after prohibition ended fruit wines dominated the industry. The modern era of Oregon wine began in 1961, and the industry cemented its reputation in 1975 by winning a French award. In 2007, wine making	making	NOUN	was	AUX	 was
The initials are difficult to decipher because of partial loss of the gilt Copperplate script. Possibilities include HCA or HA, TCA or FCA over B. Several candidates have been suggested including Henry, 3rd Earl of Bathurst, and Sir Thomas Brisbane, New South Wales Governor in	in	ADP	1821	NUM	 1821
This agreement revived suspicions that the Dauphin may have been the illegitimate product of Isabeau's rumored affair with the late duke of Orléans rather than the son of King Charles VI. Henry V and Charles VI died within two months of each other in 1422, leaving an	an	DET	infant	NOUN	 infant
Later, Leslie and Tom (Aziz Ansari) visit a community garden in the Pawnee pit, where they find what appears to be marijuana. That night, Leslie and Tom don black and watch the pit from a van. Leslie eventually spots Ann and Mark leaving	leaving	VERB	for	ADP	 for
A significant scene in the film is a speech by Gekko to a shareholders ' meeting of Teldar Paper, a company he is planning to take over. Stone uses this scene to give Gekko, and by extension, the Wall Street raiders he personifies, the chance	chance	NOUN	to	PART	 to
Though William's complicity in the lynching has never been proved (and some 19th century Dutch historians have made an effort to disprove that he was an accessory) he thwarted attempts to prosecute the ringleaders, and even rewarded some, like Hendrik Verhoeff, with money,	,	PUNCT	and	CCONJ	 and
During the 1930s, after graduating from RADA, he initially worked in repertory theatre in Rusholme and Cardiff before beginning work on the West End stage in thrillers, such as Blind Man's Bluff. Lee also played comedic roles, such as with Arthur Askey in Ten	Ten	NUM	Minute	PROPN	 Minute
" David Edelstein said that the one sidedness of the film creates a lack of dramatic tension and calls it lazy counterpropaganda. In contrast, LaSalle said that " the picture manages to make a heartfelt statement about the difficulties of growing up gay " and Timothy Shary said	said	VERB	that	SCONJ	 that
British gunnery was very poor during this period, scoring only four hits out of 210 rounds fired. The primary cause was the smoke from the guns and funnels as the British were downwind of the Germans, although one gun of Invincible's ' A ' turret jammed	jammed	VERB	at	ADP	 at
Hutchinsia is found on both sides of the gorge. Bloody crane's bill grows on the Bristol side of the gorge, where it is believed to be native. Little robin occurs on both sides of the gorge. Spiked speedwell grows on both sides of the gorge	gorge	NOUN	:	PUNCT	:
The Dhaka Stock Exchange is one of the largest in South Asia in terms of trading volume and market capitalisation. The city is home to a number of regional and international development organisations, including the permanent secretariat of BIMSTEC. It hosts several major arts festivals, including	including	VERB	the	DET	 the
the only misfortune to Tommy Brock – he had his jacket torn and lost one of his boots. So for a long time he went about with one of his feet bundled up in dirty rags, like an old beggar man. Then he found the boot in	in	ADP	the	DET	 the
However, the bill allowing for the purchase of the former forts, which had been turned back over to private ownership after the war, failed to pass both the House of Representatives and Senate. Despite that failure, in 1925 a similar bill passed both the House	House	PROPN	and	CCONJ	 and
Early in 1988 Jarre met with local officials and members of the community, but Newham Borough Council expressed their fears about the event's safety and delayed their decision on whether to allow the concert to proceed until 12 September eventually rejecting the licence application. The local fire	fire	NOUN	service	NOUN	 service
Brown brought in assistants including Blanton Collier, who had been stationed at Great Lakes and met Brown at Bluejackets practices. The name of the team was at first left up to Brown, who rejected calls for it to be christened the Browns. McBride then held a	a	DET	contest	NOUN	 contest
However, with a week remaining in the regular season, Schneider was two appearances short of the 25 game minimum to qualify for the Jennings (had he not reached the requirement, Luongo would have been awarded the trophy by himself). While head coach Alain Vigneault	Vigneault	PROPN	initially	ADV	 initially
In November 2011, an IEA report entitled Deploying Renewables 2011 said " subsidies in green energy technologies that were not yet competitive are justified in order to give an incentive to investing into technologies with clear environmental and energy security benefits ". The IEA's report disagreed with	with	ADP	claims	NOUN	 claims
While reviewing The Fame, BBC said that the song sounded robotic in the line " I wanna take a ride on your disco stick ", though deemed it a brilliant track which " leaves us awarding Gaga the yearbook title of ' pop star most likely to kill	kill	VERB	'	PUNCT	 '
As a junior, his presence was significant enough that one opposing team practiced with a coach holding a broom in the air to simulate playing against him. He helped his team reach the Class 4A state Region II final. As a junior in baseball, Young threw	threw	VERB	a	DET	 a
Jackson performed a medley of " All for You ", " Rhythm Nation ", and an excerpt of " The Knowledge " before performing " Rock Your Body " alongside surprise guest Justin Timberlake. As Timberlake sang the lyric " I'm gonna have you naked	naked	ADJ	by	ADP	 by
As he did not want to distract the team from the playoff race, Linden asked for the ceremony to be delayed. On November 25, 2002, against the Minnesota Wild, Linden scored his 263rd goal with the Canucks, breaking former captain Stan Smyl's team	team	NOUN	record	NOUN	 record
Deposits found by excavators have been dated to a period between approximately AD 140 to 250, but it is possible that dumping could have begun on the site as early as the 1st century BC. The mound has a roughly triangular shape comprising two distinct platforms, the	the	DET	eastern	ADJ	 eastern
Lupton believes that Angelou's plot construction and character development were influenced by the same mother / child motif as is found in the work of Harlem Renaissance poet Jessie Fauset. For the first five years of her life, Maya thinks of herself as an orphan and finds	finds	VERB	comfort	NOUN	 comfort
The permit allowing La Stazione to operate as a restaurant also required the placement of a sign in the building's parking lot to indicate the presence of the trail. The village allowed La Stazione to place a public picnic table under an overhang by the rail trail,	,	PUNCT	on	ADP	 on
Alcohol was popular with many professional cricketers, and the careers of several Yorkshire players in this period, including Peate, had been ended for this reason. Peel was always known to be a heavy drinker, but his behaviour had been tolerated. His fame, brought	brought	VERB	about	ADP	 about
The five song demo, which included an early build for " Here Comes the Sun ", was finished in February 2008. It was used to gain approval from McCartney, Starr, Ono and Olivia Harrison, effectively bringing them aboard the project as creative partners.	.	PUNCT	The	DET	 The
At this point, it joins SR 49 heading north into the village along Main Street through a primarily residential area. The road arrives at a traffic signal where it meets SR 613 (Townline Street). This highway comes into the intersection from the west, and	and	CCONJ	joins	VERB	 joins
The referee began the 10 count on Edge, who left the ring, but Edge hit the official. Vickie proceeded to call in a new referee to the match; Chavo Guerrero came out as the new referee. Following the events, Batista lifted Vickie to the	the	DET	ring	NOUN	 ring
Liverpool evaded the questions, and the Duke was summoned to Carlton House and castigated by the Prince Regent, who never spoke with his brother again. Despite her isolation, Charlotte found life at Cranbourne Lodge surprisingly agreeable, and slowly became reconciled to her situation. At	At	ADP	the	DET	 the
He worked to protect the rights, lands, and privileges of his diocese and cathedral chapter from encroachment by others, both secular and clerical. On one occasion he threatened to excommunicate the Earl of Arundel or the earl's men for hunting on land the bishop considered	considered	VERB	to	PART	 to
While investigating Claire's past through " Snow White ", the bomber calls her to buy the SUV that she has for sale so he can use it for the bomb. Although he doesn't buy her car, the " Snow White " team now knows exactly	exactly	ADV	where	SCONJ	 where
The Polish naval units trapped in the Baltic were destroyed by Ju 87 operations. Once again, enemy air opposition was light; the Stukawaffe (Stuka force) lost just 31 aircraft during the campaign. Operation Weserübung began on 9 April 1940 with the invasions of Norway	Norway	PROPN	and	CCONJ	 and
The JTWC assessed the storm to have attained similar one minute sustained winds upon peaking; however, this was due to discrepancies between the two warning centers. At this time, Waka displayed a well defined, circular eye roughly 60 km (37 mi) in diameter	diameter	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
In late 1987, Minogue flew to England to record " I Should Be So Lucky ", before returning home to continue with Neighbours. The press speculated that she would soon have to make a decision between acting and singing. Shortly after, Minogue chose to concentrate	concentrate	VERB	on	ADP	 on
Cudjoe recognizes Angelou's reluctance to disclose these events in the text, stating that although they are important in her social development, Angelou does not seem " particularly proud of her activity during those ' few tense years ' ". Angelou has stated that she wrote the	the	DET	book	NOUN	 book
Hockey Hall of Fame coach Scotty Bowman credited St. Louis ' desire to succeed as being his primary attribute: " His long suit is his passion. Small players have to have some special attribute that makes them stand out. He's got great acceleration and hockey sense	sense	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
He was grieved to hear from a friend that lobsters are always slit down the front. The lyricist sent a researcher to a seafood restaurant and heard back that lobsters are always slit down the back. Hammerstein concluded that there is disagreement about which side of a lobster	lobster	NOUN	is	AUX	 is
The main characters were named after Tajiri himself as Satoshi, who is described as Tajiri in his youth, and his long time friend, role model, mentor, and fellow Nintendo developer; Shigeru Miyamoto as Shigeru. Ken Sugimori, artist and longtime friend of Tajiri	Tajiri	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
Meanwhile, at FBI headquarters, an unseen figure slips Wormus ' obituary to Reyes. Scully's baby causes the mobile of his crib to spin without touching it. Scully is shocked, contacts Doggett, and retracts her request, telling him to continue his investigation.	.	PUNCT	Scully	PROPN	 Scully
The 1968 New York City building codes did not require sprinklers for high rise buildings, except for underground spaces. In accordance with building codes, sprinklers were originally installed only in the underground parking structures of the World Trade Center. Following a major fire in February 1975	1975	NUM	,	PUNCT	,
This murder triggered Kristallnacht (Crystal Night), a coordinated attack on Jews and their property throughout Nazi Germany on 9 – 10 November 1938. Tippett hoped that Eliot would provide a libretto for the oratorio, and the poet showed interest. However, when Tippett presented	presented	VERB	him	PRON	 him
These references were originally suggested by David Duchovny for the episodes " Colony " and " End Game " but never made their way into those episodes and were used here. As Carter was writing " Talitha Cumi, " he decided that the episode's main theme would	would	AUX	be	AUX	 be
Slovak met future band mates Anthony Kiedis, Flea, and Jack Irons while attending high school in Los Angeles. He joined the group Anthym along with Irons while attending Fairfax High School; Flea would later join the group, which later changed its name to What Is	Is	AUX	This	PRON	 This
The gameplay of the original Kingdom Hearts was modified to play more like Kingdom Hearts II. Additionally, the collection includes HD cinematic scenes from Kingdom Hearts 358 / 2 Days. It was released in Japan on March 14, 2013, in North America on September 10	10	NUM	,	PUNCT	,
Fordham suggested Will Mackenzie to direct the episode, because of his Broadway experience as Cornelius Hackle in Hello, Dolly! during the show's original Broadway run, opposite Carol Channing. Lance Macdonald, the longtime choreographer of the show, was retained once again for the	the	DET	musical	ADJ	 musical
The continuo, playing throughout, is not shown. The structure of the piece is unusually symmetric. It opens and closes with a duet including a chorale text. Harmonically, the piece begins and ends in C major, and the central movement is in D minor	minor	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
Snow proposes to Serah Farron two days prior to the start of Final Fantasy XIII. During the Purge (a mass exodus of Cocoon citizens after the activation of the Pulse fal ' Cie Anima), Snow and his group NORA engages in a battle with PSICOM,	,	PUNCT	the	DET	 the
Sviatoslav destroyed the Khazar city of Sarkel around 965, possibly sacking (but not occupying) the Khazar city of Kerch on the Crimea as well. At Sarkel he established a Rus ' settlement called Belaya Vyezha (" the white tower " or " the white fortress	fortress	NOUN	"	PUNCT	 "
Behind the dam wall, the south branch of the Canning River joins the main stream, with the impounded water forming a lake which stretches back in three major arms to the east south east and south. The catchment has an area of 804 square kilometres (310	310	NUM	sq	NOUN	 sq
" In July 2006, Body Count released their fourth album, Murder 4 Hire on the indie record label Escapi Music. Its album cover, featuring Uncle Sam holding a cardboard sign reading " Will Kill for Money, " compares the United States military to contract killers	killers	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
Shortly after he assumed the title of Dauphin, Charles negotiated a truce with John in Pouilly. Charles then requested a private meeting with John, on 10 September 1419 at a bridge in Montereau, promising his personal guarantee of protection. The meeting, however, was	was	AUX	a	DET	 a
Similar covers followed with increasing frequency, with readers and editors giving the various heroines the name of " MacGirl ". Science fiction historian Paul Carter, commenting on the change from action scenes to alluring women on the covers, suggests that " surely the war had something	something	PRON	to	PART	 to
Black has followed her, and interrupts the attack; he and Connor struggle, with Black almost being strangled until he is able to hold Connor under the bathwater until he stops fighting. Connor is arrested and charged, while the now cleared Dickerson resumes circling obituaries in	in	ADP	the	DET	 the
Software may be developed by third parties for the Windows Mobile operating system. Developers have several options for deploying mobile applications. These include writing native code with Visual C + +, managed code that works with the. NET Compact Framework, writing code in Tcl Tk	Tk	PROPN	with	ADP	 with
The depression moved west northwestward at approximately 20 mph (32 km / h) under the influence of a well established subtropical ridge, and late on September 3 the system intensified into a tropical storm. At that time, the National Hurricane Center in Miami gave the	the	DET	storm	NOUN	 storm
Mastering took place at West West Side Studios, by Alan Douches. The album features three guesting vocalists: Mike Hranica of The Devil Wears Prada on " I'm Made of Wax, Larry, What Are You Made Of? ", Vincent Bennett of The Acacia	Acacia	PROPN	Strain	PROPN	 Strain
Gabe assigns Michael six hours of counseling with Toby (Paul Lieberstein) after his ' physical assault ' of a fellow employee; Michael is aghast at having to sit down with his archenemy, but under company policies the only alternative is termination. Meanwhile, the rest	rest	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
The single, released in June, had reached No. 4 in the US Singles Chart and No. 2 in Canada and was the main reason of their sudden popularity overseas. The situation was quite the opposite at home, where the band had been heavily criticized	criticized	VERB	by	ADP	 by
Two weeks after the situation began, the Rockets were optimistic. On December 20, White was confirmed to begin practice sessions with a member of the Houston Rockets ' staff within a week. As of December 26, he had not shown up to work with the	the	DET	Rockets	PROPN	 Rockets
" On her Loud Tour, Rihanna performed " Disturbia " as second track, only after the opening song " Only Girl (In the World) ". Rihanna performed the song in a brightly colored sequined bikini, while partially been dragging on a moveable floor.	.	PUNCT	Rob	PROPN	 Rob
Thomas Monds purchased the mill, including 13 acres (5 ha) of attached land, at Auction in 1867 for 2,100 pounds. He then took ownership of the " Carrick Mills " and in early 1868 Monds, his wife and six children moved into the small	small	ADJ	cottage	NOUN	 cottage
The need to attract pollinators has led to the evolution of pollination syndromes, which are defined as groups of " floral traits, including rewards, associated with the attraction and utilization of a specific group of animals as pollinators. " Bees are the most common pollinators of	of	ADP	cacti	ADJ	 cacti
Mount Adams is the second most isolated, in terms of access, stratovolcano in Washington; Glacier Peak is the most isolated. There are only two major highways that pass close to it. Highway 12 passes about 25 miles to the north of Adams as it crosses	crosses	VERB	the	DET	 the
The senior academic honors convocation begins with an invocation, said by the Abbot of Saint Anselm Abbey, and is followed by the conferral of academic awards, read by the Dean of the College. Virtually every academic department has an award to present to a senior of	of	ADP	that	DET	 that
In 1377, Pierre d'Alençon inherited his brother Robert's county of Perche and with it the castle of Bellême. In addition, he gained the fealty of his brother's vassals, including the Carrouges father and son as well as Jacques Le Gris. The younger Carrouges	Carrouges	PROPN	and	CCONJ	 and
Since the crusade had to pass through Constantinople, however, the Emperor had some control over it. He required its leaders to swear to restore to the empire any towns or territories they might reconquer from the Turks on their way to the Holy Land. In return	return	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
The nostrils are preceded by short flaps of skin. The eyes are large and oval in shape, positioned laterally on the head and equipped with a reflective tapetum lucidum that produces a yellow green " eye shine ". The mouth is wide and slightly arched, with	with	ADP	moderately	ADV	 moderately
On March 26, 2012, South Bend passed the Human Rights Ordinance, outlawing discrimination in employment, housing, or other areas against citizens based on “ race, religion, color, sex, disability, national origin, ancestry, sexual orientation or gender identity,	,	PUNCT	or	CCONJ	 or
The team believes the immediate effects of bites from these lizards were caused by mild envenomation. Bites on human digits by a lace monitor (V. varius), a Komodo dragon, and a spotted tree monitor (V. scalaris) all produced similar effects: rapid swelling	swelling	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
In addition to membership, as of 2015 there are 1,267 officially registered fan clubs, called penyes, around the world. The fan clubs promote Barcelona in their locality and receive beneficial offers when visiting Barcelona. Among the best supported teams globally, Barcelona has the highest	highest	ADJ	social	ADJ	 social
Once a patrol was relieved they would transmit details of all they had seen back to Siwa. The LRDG did not lose any men or vehicles when on the road watch, but they did have some close encounters. On 21 March ' R1 ' Patrol was surrounded	surrounded	VERB	by	ADP	 by
Long then knocked out the screen of a window and jumped out of the building. Two floors below, covered in soot, Long had escaped the fire, landing two stories below on a roommate's parked car. Later at the hospital, Long underwent procedures that	that	PRON	required	VERB	 required
In October 1963, Joseph F. Shea was named Apollo Spacecraft Program Office (ASPO) manager, responsible for managing the design and construction of both the CSM and the LM. In a spacecraft review meeting held with Shea on August 19, 1966 (a week before	before	ADP	delivery	NOUN	 delivery
" Before The Ashlee Simpson Show debuted, " Pieces of Me " began picking up substantial airplay on radio, In May 2004, a Los Angeles Times article noted that radio stations were adding the song to their playlists faster than any other songs up to that point	point	NOUN	in	ADP	 in
This early work ultimately led to the Department of Agriculture's establishing four Regional Research Laboratories in 1938 that were devoted to industrial mold fermentations. Thom held his job with the Bureau of Chemistry until 1927, when the position was abolished. He was then appointed Principal Mycologist	Mycologist	PROPN	of	ADP	 of
Brought to the area as a colt, oral histories state that the " Rocky Mountain Horse ", as he was known, possessed the preferred chocolate color and flaxen mane and tail found in the breed today, as well as the single foot gait. He was	was	AUX	used	VERB	 used
The park was also designed with aesthetics in mind, being shaped so that its boundaries stretched beyond the horizon when viewed from the keep, in a similar design to that at Framlingham, Ludgershall and Okehampton Castles. Indeed, while the park would originally have provided the	the	DET	castle	ADJ	 castle
No scholarly, and intellectually provocative, historical novel has been this much fun since The Name of the Rose ". Patrick Ness considers Quicksilver to be " entertaining over an impossible distance. This isn't a book; it's a place to move into and raise	raise	VERB	a	DET	 a
The song did not appear on the official chart of the United States, but it was a success on the US dance charts, where it became Madonna's seventh consecutive number one song on the Hot Dance Airplay chart, the most for any artist. Hard Candy	Candy	PROPN	received	VERB	 received
Fischer also noted that one of the more interesting aspects of the episode was the " you [the audience] finally see Pam and Roy getting along. " She explained that this was because Roy and Pam returned from " a romantic vacation in the Poconos. "	"	PUNCT	Deleted	ADJ	 Deleted
At the time of her sinking, she was in the service of the Italian government but was not carrying any passengers; no casualties from Stampalia were reported in the attack. Three weeks later, Steinbauer and UB 47 scored a triple kill, sinking three ships on	on	ADP	the	DET	 the
By that time, Derfflinger and Von der Tann each had only two guns in operation, Moltke was flooded with 1,000 tons of water, and Seydlitz was severely damaged. Hipper reported: " I Scouting Group was therefore no longer of any value for a serious engagement	engagement	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
Another son of al Muwaffaq, Harun, also participated in the campaigns. He also served as nominal governor of a few provinces, but died young on 7 November 883. The victory over the Zanj was celebrated as a major triumph for al Muwaffaq personally and for	for	ADP	his	PRON	 his
Marni, although she admits that she still loves Karman, insists that she will stay with her new husband; Haji Bakir, Karman's uncle, and Karman's mother have likewise forgiven him. Tini and Haji Bakir's grandson Jabir are betrothed as planned, and	and	CCONJ	,	PUNCT	,
On 11 July 2016, the UK Ministry of Defence confirmed a $2.3 billion order for 50 AH 64Es to be built in Mesa, Arizona. The purchase is via a Foreign Military Sales (FMS) agreement with the US government. Leonardo Helicopters in the UK	UK	PROPN	is	AUX	 is
By 1974, the group had become a prominent act on the New York music scene and generated interest from a number of record labels. Television rehearsed extensively in preparation for Marquee Moon and, after signing to Elektra Records, recorded the album at A & R Recording	Recording	PROPN	in	ADP	 in
However, in 2005, the Court overturned Stanford in Roper v. Simmons and Scalia again dissented, mocking the majority's claims that a national consensus had emerged against the execution of those who killed while underage, and noted that less than half of the states that permitted	permitted	VERB	the	DET	 the
In 1982, the company bought one of the series ' most popular and traditional ones, Darlington Raceway which has been in operation since 1950, as well as Tucson Raceway Park, a.375 miles (0.604 km) dirt oval (since paved) in Arizona. The	The	DET	following	ADJ	 following
Although Tsang called foreign and local domestic workers two distinct labour markets, he said: " Employers of foreign domestic helpers should play a role in helping Hong Kong in... upgrading the local workforce. " According to Government Policy Support and Strategic Planning, the levy would	would	AUX	be	AUX	 be
The brainchild of Carl Fisher, the Lincoln Highway was the first highway to cross the United States, connecting New York City to San Francisco. In Iowa, it was uncertain exactly where the Lincoln Highway would run. As of August 1913, no definite route had	had	AUX	been	AUX	 been
As of 2016, city government consists of mayor Frank Klipsch and a ten person council. One person is elected from each of the eight wards and two at large aldermen are elected to represent the whole city. Nonpartisan elections are held in odd numbered years. The	The	DET	mayor	NOUN	 mayor
Some studies conclude that the animal may have hunted in small family groups, with the main group herding prey in the general direction of an individual waiting in ambush. Trappers reported it as an ambush predator. Little is known of the thylacine's diet and feeding behaviour	behaviour	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
There is, however, very little wind and rain, especially near the center. This is in stark contrast to conditions in the eyewall, which contains the storm's strongest winds. Due to the mechanics of a tropical cyclone, the eye and the air directly	directly	ADV	above	ADP	 above
With dispassionate integrity Leonardo has registered in neat mirror writing the colours of the robes that Baroncelli was wearing when he died. Renaissance humanism recognized no mutually exclusive polarities between the sciences and the arts, and Leonardo's studies in science and engineering are sometimes considered as impressive	impressive	ADJ	and	CCONJ	 and
In his first season in Boston, Quackenbush scored 8 goals and 25 points. He continued to stay out of the penalty box, registering only 4 penalty minutes. However, it marked the first time in three seasons that he was not named to the NHL All	All	DET	Star	PROPN	 Star
In both scenarios, the projected warming will be more pronounced during the summer months. The predicted trend for precipitation is not as clear as the one for temperature. In the northern and central regions, precipitation is predicted to increase while in most of central – western	western	ADJ	Argentina	PROPN	 Argentina
Some lamented the use of poor white Southerners, and one dimensional black victims, and Granville Hicks labeled the book " melodramatic and contrived ". When the book was first released, Southern writer Flannery O'Connor commented, " I think for a child's book it does	does	AUX	all	ADV	 all
" Part 4: Primadonna " served as the music video for the lead single from the record on 12 March 2012. Uploaded on 18 May, the black and white " Part 5: Su Barbie A " is set to the introduction of " Valley of the	the	DET	Dolls	PROPN	 Dolls
The project involved construction of a 13 story office building (now the headquarters of the American Federation of Teachers) and a hotel with a glass atrium (now the Washington Court Hotel). Groundbreaking began in December 1982, by which time another two office buildings (	(	PUNCT	integrated	VERB	integrated
It is about another orphanage abducting Brian Brain in order to exploit him in their plans for world domination. This was followed by " Sammy's Episode ", which is about Sammy taking various medications, as well as shock therapy. The ninth episode is " A	A	DET	Tale	PROPN	 Tale
For this new deception ' A ' Force had strong support from London – in April the famed Operation Mincemeat was used to help bolster Clarke's deceptive thrust toward Crete. By this point ' A ' Force had much expanded beyond the small flat in Cairo, adding	adding	VERB	representatives	NOUN	 representatives
The rear portion of the web forms a funnel like retreat area where the spider and egg sacs are found. This area has vertical, sticky catching threads that run to ground attachments. The vertical strands act as trip wires to initially alert the spider to the presence	presence	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
Originally planned for release in late October 2010, the album was delayed by a few weeks until mid November. The album, which was recorded mainly at The Wade Studios in Ocala, Florida, from May to July 2010, was the first to feature guitarist Kevin	Kevin	PROPN	Skaff	PROPN	 Skaff
In 1823, Michael Faraday, then an assistant in Davy's lab, successfully liquefied chlorine and went on to liquefy all known gaseous elements, with the exception of nitrogen, hydrogen and oxygen. Shortly after, in 1869, Irish chemist Thomas Andrews studied the phase	phase	NOUN	transition	NOUN	 transition
Paul Lester from BBC felt that the song was " generic machine RnB ". Evan Sawdey from PopMatters commented that " Dance in the Dark ", along with " Monster " are a " delightfully dirty retro workout..... to make for one surprisingly effective pop cocktail.	.	PUNCT	"	PUNCT	 "
On 31 October 1961, Polydor released the recording " My Bonnie " (Mein Herz ist bei dir nur / My heart is only for you) which appeared on the German charts under the name " Tony Sheridan and the Beat Brothers " — a generic name used	used	VERB	for	ADP	 for
The staff were concerned over the animation of the characters ' eyes in the episode, as the pupils were larger than normal, making the characters look " stoned ", and the eyeballs were " too round " and large. The animation artists at the animation studio	studio	NOUN	in	ADP	 in
He was a patron of the British Weights and Measures Association. Proudly declaring himself to be English (rather than British) with " not the slightest wish to integrate with anybody ", he stated his admiration for controversial MP Enoch Powell. Moore devoted an entire chapter	chapter	NOUN	(	PUNCT	 (
Before the Championship Scramble match, Punk was attacked by The Legacy (Randy Orton, Cody Rhodes and Ted DiBiase with Manu). Orton finished the assault by punting Punk in the head. Punk could not participate in the match due to the attack and so forfeited	forfeited	VERB	the	DET	 the
Sometimes, as in Mantra and the large orchestral composition with mime soloists, Inori, the simple formula is stated at the outset as an introduction. He continued to use this technique (e.g., in the two related solo clarinet pieces, Harlekin [Harlequin] and	and	CCONJ	Der	PROPN	 Der
At first this work was done to supplement the income of local farmers and their families. The cloth woven in Leigh was fustian, a sort of rough corduroy, and by the end of the 17th century middlemen, fustian masters, were dealing directly with weavers and	and	CCONJ	selling	VERB	 selling
The alluvial gravel deposits that form the Adams river bottom are ideal for the development of salmon roe and alevins. The temperature and neutral Ph of the water is also well suited to the sockeye. Shuswap Lake, below the river, is called a " nursery lake	lake	NOUN	"	PUNCT	 "
Moisture from the remnants of John produced flooding across Texas, which closed a ½ mile (800 m) portion of Interstate 10 in El Paso. In southern New Mexico, the rainfall caused widespread street flooding and some minor damage. Tropical moisture from the storm also	also	ADV	produced	VERB	 produced
It remained on the Combined Hardcover & Paperback Fiction list until the February 19, 2012 list (15 weeks) for the week ending February 4. It remained on both the Hardcover Fiction list and the Combined Print and E Book Fiction list until the February 26 list	list	NOUN	(	PUNCT	 (
Three Ju 52s were shot down for the loss of two Spitfires, both claimed by Wolfgang Tonne of I. / JG 53. The German units reported no losses. The day had been bad for the Luftwaffe. Losses amounted to 18 Ju 52s; four belonged to	to	ADP	III	PROPN	 III
Orangutans do not defend their territory but effectively have this organization. Other systems are known to occur as well. For example, with howler monkeys both the males and females typically transfer from their natal group on reaching sexual maturity, resulting in groups in which neither the	the	DET	males	NOUN	 males
Although vassals, they had their own government. Their state symbol was the white double headed eagle and they minted coins according to the Nemanjić style. Dejan and Teodora had three children: Jovan (ca. 1343 – ca. 1378), despot under Emperor Uroš	Uroš	PROPN	;	PUNCT	;
The book is the sixth novel by Miller and was released on 9 June 2011 in the United Kingdom through Sceptre, an imprint of Hodder & Stoughton. The novel is set in pre revolutionary France and the upcoming turmoil is a consistent theme throughout. It follows an	an	DET	engineer	NOUN	 engineer
This project was completed in 2000. In 2000, the turnpike commission announced plans to build a new bridge, a segmental concrete bridge wider than the original, over the Susquehanna River. In 2004, work began on building the new, six lane bridge which cost	cost	VERB	$	SYM	 $
In spite of all the government did, the agitation of the people at the market of Or San Michele was so great that it was necessary to protect the officials by means of guards fitted out with ax and block to punish rioters on the spot with the loss	loss	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
A rare nocturnal forest creature, the pygmy hippopotamus is a difficult animal to study in the wild. Pygmy hippos were unknown outside West Africa until the 19th century. Introduced to zoos in the early 20th century, they breed well in captivity and the vast majority of	of	ADP	research	NOUN	 research
A compass on the heads up display (HUD) shows both allies and enemies, and objective markers to indicate locations the player must reach, areas to defend, or enemy cannons or tanks that the player must plant explosives on to disable. Emplaced weapons such as	as	ADP	machine	NOUN	 machine
Born in Corbridge, Northumberland, he was a promising schoolboy footballer but was rejected by several professional clubs. He was on the verge of quitting the game altogether when he was offered a trial with Gillingham. Bruce was offered an apprenticeship and went on to play more	more	ADJ	than	ADP	 than
As natural gas supplies in Indiana became depleted, many manufacturers moved or did not survive. The major plants of the American Window Glass successfully changed energy sources from natural gas to gas made from coal. The company also had a technological advantage. Instead of using a	a	DET	glass	NOUN	 glass
Welling talked about why he was interested in the project in an interview with Paul Fischer: " The top three reasons I decided to do this film were, one, Steve Martin, two, Steve Martin and three, Steve Martin. That was the number one	one	NUM	draw	NOUN	 draw
With it Howard set a new World Series record for most strikeouts by a hitter in a single series with a total of 13. After the out, Marte was relieved by the Yankees closer Mariano Rivera in a non save situation. Rivera allowed a double to Ibáñez	Ibáñez	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
Reggie reluctantly accompanies Delsin to keep an eye on him. They reach Seattle and find that it has been put under strict martial law by the D.U.P. in order to find the other escaped Conduits. With Reggie's help, Delsin battles D.U.P. forces and tracks down core	core	NOUN	fragments	NOUN	 fragments
Abandoned and unmaintained after 1994, the Briarcliff Lodge was destroyed between 2003 and 2004. Walter Law hired Pennsylvania architect Guy King to construct the Briarcliff Lodge on the highest point of Law's estate. At its June 26, 1902 opening, the Tudor Revival style building	building	NOUN	was	AUX	 was
By the end of 2004, the game was the 393rd best selling game of the year in Japan, with 24,508 copies sold. By 2009, more than 40,000 copies had been sold across Microsoft Windows and PlayStation 2. At the end of 2009, the PlayStation	PlayStation	PROPN	Portable	PROPN	 Portable
In collaboration with local organizations, GRI published Cultural Inheritance / L.A.: A Resource Directory of Less Visible Archives and Collections in the Los Angeles Region in 1999. In 2000, the L.A. as Subject project was transferred to the University of Southern California, which continues to	to	PART	update	VERB	 update
The President of Croatia and the Government cooperate in the formulation and implementation of Croatia's foreign policy. This provision of the constitution is an occasional source of conflict between the president and the government. The president decides on the establishment of diplomatic missions and consular offices of	of	ADP	the	DET	 the
It was suspected that the Great Barrier Reef is the cap to an oil trap, after a 1923 paper suggested that it had the right rock formation to support " oilfields of great magnitude ". After the Commonwealth Petroleum Search Subsidies Act of 1957, exploration activities increased	increased	VERB	in	ADP	 in
The first people are estimated to have arrived in Virginia over 12,000 years ago. By 5,000 years ago more permanent settlements emerged, and farming began by 900 AD. By 1500, the Algonquian peoples had founded towns such as Werowocomoco in the Tidewater region, which they	they	PRON	referred	VERB	 referred
In 1794, the town's first courthouse was built; it was a wooden structure on Market Square. In 1797, the manufacture of glass began. Commerce continued to be an essential part of the economy of early Pittsburgh, but increasingly, manufacture began to grow	grow	VERB	in	ADP	 in
Despite the role of the militants in leading the uprising, the colonial authorities immediately held MDRM responsible for the movement and responded by targeting the party's members and supporters. The attacks in the east were immediately followed by similar actions in the south of the island before	before	ADP	rapidly	ADV	 rapidly
Parker said, " One of the great advantages of working with contemporary recording techniques is that we can mix onto film in a recording studio with all of the various components and options of modern, multi track recordings. I've always been very mistrustful of conventional scoring	scoring	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
Several lines of evidence point to ongoing volcanic activity on Venus. During the Soviet Venera program, the Venera 9 orbiter obtained spectroscopic evidence of lightning on Venus, and the Venera 12 descent probe obtained additional evidence of lightning and thunder. The European Space Agency's Venus	Venus	PROPN	Express	PROPN	 Express
The loading took six men about twenty five minutes, the unloading ten minutes. On top of this the aircraft required a proper airfield on which to land. However, the T9 was of the correct shape, weight and size to be carried inside a Hamilcar glider	glider	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
Consequently, the need to identify human pathogens was a major impetus for the development of techniques to identify bacteria. The Gram stain, developed in 1884 by Hans Christian Gram, characterises bacteria based on the structural characteristics of their cell walls. The thick layers of peptidoglycan	peptidoglycan	NOUN	in	ADP	 in
In Science Fiction Television: A History, author M. Keith Booker observed that " Pulaski never quite meshed with the rest of the crew ". The events of " Elementary Dear Data " led film professor Zoran Samardžija to suggest that Pulaski may have been inspired by the	the	DET	works	NOUN	 works
The last four torpedo bombers scored two hits (one B5N had its torpedo release gear fail) on Yorktown that damaged three boilers and knocked out all electrical power so that she could not pump fuel oil to starboard to counteract her six degree list to port. Seventeen	Seventeen	NUM	minutes	NOUN	 minutes
In contrast to the President, Callan highlights Miguel Angel Face's association with love. The love that Miguel Angel Face develops for Camila identifies him with love and life, and leads to procreation — the birth of his son. Rosello argues that even before his transformation	transformation	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
Lack of information dissemination and consumer awareness. Higher capital cost of renewable energy technologies compared with conventional energy technologies. Inadequate financing options for renewable energy projects, including insufficient access to affordable financing for project developers, entrepreneurs and consumers. Imperfect capital markets, which includes failure	failure	NOUN	to	PART	 to
The film deals with labor relations when Hal Stephens disguises himself and works in a factory he was given by his father. As a laborer, he falls in love with a young working girl named Lou and protects her against a manager. Lou leads a strike when	when	SCONJ	wages	NOUN	 wages
From the entrance of the fortress, about 3 kilometres (1.9 mi) away is the " Creators of the Bulgarian State " Monument erected in 1981 during the communist regime to commemorate the 1300th anniversary of the Bulgarian state. An information center is 300 metres (980	980	NUM	ft	NOUN	 ft
It crossed the St. Thomas and Eastern Railway just north of Highway 3 before curving to cross the West Catfish Creek, which it meandered alongside into Mapleton. Immediately north of that community, the route curved to the north and was straight for the remainder of its route	route	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
According to casino spokesperson Luis Laos, she also won $237 playing poker on 29 May and it was common for people to know the identities of big winners. Laos stated that van der Sloot did not win any money that night. At 3: 00 a.m.	a.m.	NOUN	on	ADP	 on
During the first verse, they fly in a pink Hummer and move their heads to the beat on the song, while Spears puts the truck on autopilot. The Hummer's dashboard has a Louis Vuitton pattern. They finally arrive to the club and dance in the	the	DET	dancefloor	NOUN	 dancefloor
The number of attending spectators to the ticket paid event was between 2,000 and 2,500, with another 30,000 people watching for free on a giant screen at the nearby Panathinaiko Stadium. The concert lasted just over one hour, after which three encores were played: Chariots of	of	ADP	Fire	PROPN	 Fire
All of her electrical power was generated by three main Curtis 360 kilowatt turbo generators and two 200 kilowatt auxiliary units. Her main armament consisted of twelve Obukhovskii 12 inch Pattern 1907 52 caliber guns mounted in four triple turrets distributed the length of the ship. Her secondary	secondary	ADJ	armament	NOUN	 armament
Killing her, Jaden steals the Scepter only to be confronted by Kyle. Jaden defeats and apparently kills Kyle escaping with the scepter. Kyle is found to have survived the duel by Luke, and laments losing both Rosh and Jaden, vowing to hunt Jaden down.	.	PUNCT	Luke	PROPN	 Luke
The skit, starring his character Willie Lump Lump, called for the character's wife to hire a carpenter to re do the living room in an effort to teach her husband a lesson about his drinking. When Willie wakes up there after a night of drinking,	,	PUNCT	he	PRON	 he
The last adversary standing was Gongsun Shu (公孫述), whose base was at Chengdu in modern Sichuan. Although Guangwu's forces successfully burned down Gongsun's fortified pontoon bridge stretching across the Yangzi River, Guangwu's commanding general Cen Peng (岑彭) was killed in	in	ADP	35	NUM	 35
As holders and participants of the top division, Arsenal entered the FA Cup in the third round, in which they were drawn to play Preston North End of the Second Division. Despite being 2 – 0 down in the first half, Arsenal came back to win	win	VERB	the	DET	 the
This match was the result of Team 3D's feud with the TNA X Division. In October 2007, Team 3D began a storyline in which they were trying to eliminate the X Division. MCMG became their rivals in the thread with MCMG defeating Team 3D at Genesis	Genesis	PROPN	.	PUNCT	.
Whenever a hero gains a level, the player is able to unlock a new ability for them, improve one already learned, or increase their base attributes. Each hero's method of combat is influenced by its primary attribute: strength, intelligence, agility, which	which	PRON	also	ADV	 also
There is little evidence of this distinction in modern Caversham, other than the origins of local street names, several of which reflect the names of English counties and early English settlers. Caversham began largely as a lower middle to working class suburb. Many of the early	early	ADJ	residents	NOUN	 residents
Similarly Thomas Cox wrote in 1794: We may call it almost all London, being chiefly inhabited by the citizens, who fill the towns in it with their country houses, to which they often resort that they may breathe a little sweet air, free from the	the	DET	fogs	NOUN	 fogs
This change was revealed prior to the episode's airing, and a portion of the fandom were critical of the change, comparing it to a " jump the shark " moment for the show, while others considered that it was a significant change of one of the	the	DET	show	NOUN	 show
After her rename, she continued plying the North Atlantic between New York and Bremen, and was involved in a few episodes of note during this time. In June 1922, two years into Prohibition in the United States, President Arthur was raided while at her dock	dock	NOUN	in	ADP	 in
VisuaLive: Persona 4 chronicled the events of the game up until Kanji's inclusion into the party. A second stage production, titled VisuaLive: Persona 4: The Evolution (VISUALIVE 『 ペルソナ4 The Evolution 』, VisuaLive: Perusona Fo The Evolution), chronicled the	the	DET	second	ADJ	 second
This means that it was seen by 2.4 percent of all 18- to 49 year olds, and 6 percent of all 18- to 49 year olds watching television at the time of the broadcast. This marked an increase in the ratings from the previous episode, " Here	Here	ADV	Comes	VERB	 Comes
She served in both World Wars, although she was little used and saw no combat during the former. The ship supported operations during the Corfu Incident in 1923 and spent much of the rest of the decade in reserve. She was rebuilt between 1933 and 1937 with	with	ADP	more	ADV	 more
Seeing that Karamanli had no intention of offering acceptable terms, Sivori decided his best course of action would be to attack Tripoli. Before returning to his squadron Sivori managed to get the British consul to take under his protection what Sardinians remained in Tripoli. Salvori's force	force	NOUN	had	VERB	 had
Bob entered the Canadian province of New Brunswick a few hours later, where it transitioned into an extratropical cyclone. By August 21, the remnants of Bob crossed Newfoundland and re emerged into the open Atlantic Ocean. The remnants traveled a long distance across the northern Atlantic	Atlantic	PROPN	Ocean	PROPN	 Ocean
In the 19th century, the area north of Bow Road became a major railway centre for the North London Railway, with marshalling yards and a maintenance depot serving both the City and the West India docks. Nearby Bow railway station opened in 1850 and was rebuilt in	in	ADP	1870	NUM	 1870
The jury was out for only 35 minutes before returning guilty verdicts against both defendants. On 22 October George Orsborne was sentenced to 18 months ' imprisonment, and James to 12 months. Thirteen years after the trial, in a memoir entitled Master of the Girl Pat	Pat	PROPN	published	VERB	 published
In Jamaica, the threat of the storm forced the country's two airports to close, and also forced two cruise ships to reroute. The Cayman Islands issued a hurricane warning on August 11, a day before the hurricane passed near the archipelago. Cuban government officials	officials	NOUN	issued	VERB	 issued
In the face of enormous debts Hesketh Fleetwood sold his estates at Blackpool, Southport, Meols Hall, and Tulketh Hall. Charles bought the Churchtown estate, where he and his wife had been living, from his brother. In 1844 Hesketh Fleetwood auctioned off his personal	personal	ADJ	possessions	NOUN	 possessions
In Max Payne 2: The Fall of Max Payne, more focus is given to Max and Mona's relationship, and she becomes one of the game's two protagonists. Mona reappears as a suspect in the murder of the U.S. Senator Sebastian Gates. The case	case	NOUN	is	AUX	 is
It all sounds extremely realistic, and makes the game come that much more alive. " Eurogamer said " AoE3... sounds fantastic, " while Game Revolution mentioned that " The ambient sounds, music and voice work all suit the colonial theme. " Reviewers were divided	divided	VERB	about	ADP	 about
He participated in various other plays in Dublin, but finding them " all very over the top, very amateurish, full of people turning up drunk or not turning up at all ", he decided to leave Ireland and pursue art studies in Berlin. However,	,	PUNCT	Behan	PROPN	 Behan
The Guardian's TV and radio blog stated that Friends has impacted the creation of other television shows such as How I Met Your Mother. The similarities between the two consist of both sitcoms taking place in Manhattan, a group of white adults who are funny and have	have	VERB	similar	ADJ	 similar
As of 2013, the BLM is also researching the possibility of spaying some mares to permanently prevent pregnancies, and a new vaccine, the " first single shot, multiyear wildlife contraceptive for use in mammals ", has been approved for use by the Environmental Protection Agency	Agency	PROPN	.	PUNCT	.
The International Federation of the Phonographic Industry (IFPI) certified the single platinum in Denmark and gold in Switzerland. As of December 2012, " Fight for This Love " has sold over 1 million copies in the United Kingdom, making it the best selling single of	of	ADP	Cheryl	PROPN	 Cheryl
Where the river widens between Palatka and Jacksonville, wind becomes a significant factor in navigation, and both whitecap waves and calm surface waters are common. Rain occurs more frequently in late summer and early fall. Tropical storms and nor ' easters are common occurrences along the	the	DET	Atlantic	ADJ	 Atlantic
The generic name, coined by Othniel Charles Marsh in 1878, is a neo Latin term derived from Greek διπλός (diplos) " double " and δοκός (dokos) " beam ", in reference to its double beamed chevron bones located in the underside of the	the	DET	tail	NOUN	 tail
On his high school track team, Hoey won the 60 yard dash at the Central Michigan Relays Invitational indoor meet with a time of 6.3 seconds. He was All State in track at the 1965 Michigan High School Athletic Association Class A track meet. In 1965,	,	PUNCT	Hoey	PROPN	 Hoey
One story reports that Chapman noticed a supporter in the stands wearing a red sleeveless sweater over a white shirt; another was that he was inspired by a similar outfit worn by the cartoonist Tom Webster, with whom Chapman played golf. Regardless of which story is true	true	ADJ	,	PUNCT	,
It is unknown why the hijackers on Flight 93 waited approximately 46 minutes to begin their assault. At 09: 28: 17, First Officer Homer managed to transmit to the ground, shouting, " Mayday! Mayday! Get out! " over the radio amidst	amidst	ADP	sounds	NOUN	 sounds
The franchise was put out to tender, but the process was halted and later scrapped due to the fallout from the collapse of the InterCity West Coast franchise competition. A two year franchise extension until September 2015 was agreed in October 2013, and subsequently extended until March	March	PROPN	2019	NUM	 2019
Four of their albums reached the top 10 on the ARIA Albums Chart, It's a Party (No. 4, July 2000), Boom Boom Beat (No. 3, August 2001), It's a Hi 5 Christmas (No. 4,	,	PUNCT	December	PROPN	 December
In 1970, the proposed visit of a South African team to England was subject of widespread public opposition. The MCC was no longer solely responsible for any decisions, being only a part of the Cricket Council, but Allen pressed the government to intervene and decide whether	whether	SCONJ	the	DET	 the
Each machine was monitored by one technician, who had to hold a pencil within each loop to maintain tension. The four Beatles controlled the faders of the mixing console while Martin varied the stereo panning and Emerick watched the meters. Eight of the tapes were used at	at	ADP	one	NUM	 one
Shelley combined secondary sources with memoir and anecdote and included her own judgments, a biographical style made popular by the 18th century critic Samuel Johnson in his Lives of the Poets (1779 – 81). She describes this technique in her " Life of Metastasio ":	:	PUNCT	It	PRON	 It
San Sebastian Church has two openwork towers and steel vaulting. From its floor, the basilica's nave rises 12 meters (39 ft) to the dome, and 32 meters (105 ft) to the tip of the twin spires. The faux finished interior of	of	ADP	the	DET	 the
134, 191 − 192. On 6 November 1945, Lewis flew the Enola Gay back to the United States, arriving at the 509th's new base at Roswell Army Air Field, New Mexico, on 8 November. On 29 April 1946, Enola Gay left	left	VERB	Roswell	PROPN	 Roswell
On 6 July, Rowley's force rendezvoused with the squadron under Pym, consisting of his frigate HMS Sirius, HMS Iphigenia under Captain Henry Lambert and HMS Magicienne under Captain Lucius Curtis. Rowley's squadron and a number of supporting transport ships reached Île Bonaparte on 7	7	NUM	July	PROPN	 July
However, after completing her first year, Kapoor decided to pursue her interest to become an actress. She began training at an acting institute in Mumbai mentored by Kishore Namit Kapoor, a member of the Film and Television Institute of India (FTII). While training	training	NOUN	at	ADP	 at
Reports indicate Holloway did not appear on any security camera footage from her hotel's lobby during the course of the night; however, Beth Twitty has made varying statements as to whether the cameras were actually working that night. According to an April 19, 2006,	,	PUNCT	statement	NOUN	 statement
For the Baltic Fleet trapped in an eastern bay of the Gulf of Finland, Tallinn was the closest exit to the Baltic Sea. The ejection of the Army Group North from Estonia would have made Finland subject to air and amphibious attacks originating from Estonian bases. The	The	DET	prospect	NOUN	 prospect
Zaprešić's educational facilities range from kindergartens to centers of higher education. The city is home to four elementary schools, one high school, and two universities. The Zaprešić metropolitan area contains six castles that together make up what is known as the " palace path.	.	PUNCT	"	PUNCT	 "
" Nicole continued that this scene had to be shot " three or four times. We kept trying to get faster and faster but we were all laughing [for him]. It was like a Fear Factor episode with no chance of getting money... It was	was	AUX	so	ADV	 so
Chaney was more generously inclined toward " A Little Less Conversation ". She wrote, " Matthew Morrison managed to give his all to this Spanish infused Elvis Presley cover, even though he looked pretty ridiculous in that matador outfit ", and gave it a " B	B	NOUN	"	PUNCT	 "
The ability to open strum the guitar was a feature that was planned for Guitar Hero III but was removed before release, finding that it was too difficult on the guitar tracks. However, they built this feature in from the start of World Tour development for the	the	DET	bass	NOUN	 bass
Damage to the fishing industry was estimated at $266 million. Overall, losses in the state of Louisiana reached approximately $1.56 billion. While Andrew was entering the Gulf of Mexico, oil companies evacuated hundreds of employees from offshore drilling platforms. The storm damaged 240	240	NUM	oil	NOUN	 oil
As part of an overall house cleaning, Reeves released Hostetler and named Simms his starting quarterback. He started all 16 games in 1993, being one of only seven quarterbacks to do so, and led the Giants to a resurgent 11 – 5 season including a victory	victory	NOUN	over	ADP	 over
At least two Orders Pour le Mérite, the Kingdom of Prussia's highest military order, were awarded to German commanders for their actions during the battle: Oberstleutnant Wilhelm von Goerne commander of the 261st Prussian Reserve Infantry Regiment, of the German 79th Reserve Division. General	General	PROPN	of	ADP	 of
Essick also analyzes " Times Square ", stating that the language and rhythm used by the poem's subject, especially the repetitive onomatopoeia (" pow pow ") that punctuates the end of each line, parallels the sound of his work. The shoeshiner relies on	on	ADP	the	DET	 the
He threatened to reject all economic aid from the US if they failed to respond to his demands, a threat he later carried out on 19 November 1963. At the same time, Sihanouk also nationalised the country's entrepot trade, banking sector, and distillery industries	industries	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
As the Yugoslav People's Army (Jugoslovenska narodna armija – JNA) withdrew from Croatia following the acceptance and start of implementation of the Vance plan, its 55,000 officers and soldiers born in Bosnia and Herzegovina were transferred to a new Bosnian Serb army, which was later	later	ADV	renamed	VERB	 renamed
These include the traditional Muslim biographies of Muhammad, and quotes attributed to him (the sira and hadith literature), which provide further information on Muhammad's life. The earliest surviving written sira (biographies of Muhammad and quotes attributed to him) is Ibn Ishaq's	's	PART	Life	PROPN	 Life
On 9 March 1942, he reported to the President, Franklin D. Roosevelt, that it might be possible to produce enough material for a bomb by mid 1943, based on new estimates from Robert Oppenheimer that the critical mass of a sphere of pure uranium 235 was	was	AUX	between	ADP	 between
The First Carrier Division sailed in mid May for Tawi Tawi in the Philippines. The new base was closer to the oil wells in Borneo on which the IJN relied and also to the Palau and western Caroline Islands where the Japanese expected the next American attack; the	the	DET	location	NOUN	 location
When flying, it appears heavy and large tailed, although its flight is rapid and direct. The common wood pigeon had a poorly defined Madeiran subspecies, Columba palumbus maderensis. This was paler than the trocaz pigeon and had white wing patches and a more extensive green	green	ADJ	iridescence	NOUN	 iridescence
It is Hendrix's only original twelve bar blues. Chris Stamp designed the cover of the UK version of Are You Experienced, which featured a picture of Hendrix, Mitchell, and Redding by Bruce Fleming. The image shows Hendrix wearing a long dark cape while standing	standing	VERB	over	ADP	 over
The first set of paired stirrups appeared in China about 322 AD during the Jin Dynasty. Following the invention of paired stirrups, which allowed a rider greater leverage with weapons, as well as both increased stability and mobility while mounted, nomadic groups such as the Mongols	Mongols	PROPN	adopted	VERB	 adopted
The freeway enters Clinton County, and just north of a crossing of the Grand River, I 69 / US 27 turned eastward to separate from I 96. As a part of the larger interchange with I 96, I 69 / US 27 crossed BL I 96	96	NUM	(	PUNCT	 (
Politically, the city votes strongly along liberal Democratic Party lines. A popular tourist destination, San Francisco is known for its cool summers, fog, steep rolling hills, eclectic mix of architecture, and landmarks, including the Golden Gate Bridge, cable cars, the	the	DET	former	ADJ	 former
However, the extent of use of the mill's bakery is debatable due to an inadequate oven draft. The wind powered mill is a type that was rarely built in the United States, where grist mills are usually powered by water. Its wooden gears and nail	nail	VERB	less	ADJ	 less
At the waterline was a turtleback deck of ⅜ -inch (9.5 mm) steel that formed a watertight seal over the lower spaces. The deck had a crown at the level of the waterline and curved downwards to 3 feet (0.91 m) below the waterline at	at	ADP	the	DET	 the
" In 1999, Streep portrayed Roberta Guaspari, a real life New Yorker who found passion and enlightenment teaching violin to the inner city kids of East Harlem, in the music drama Music of the Heart. A departure from director Wes Craven's previous work on films	films	NOUN	like	ADP	 like
The genome of HBV is made of circular DNA, but it is unusual because the DNA is not fully double stranded. One end of the full length strand is linked to the viral DNA polymerase. The genome is 3020 – 3320 nucleotides long (for the full	full	ADJ	length	NOUN	 length
The line as completed turned north at Dodds, and required several cuts and fills to traverse the rolling terrain. At Hempstead, just north of Hempstead Road, the line split. The original route continued north, parallel to Woodman Drive, to the old Dayton and	and	CCONJ	South	PROPN	 South
Martín de Álzaga organized a mutiny on January 1, 1809, and Moreno joined it. Álzaga aspired to replace Viceroy Santiago de Liniers with a government Junta, after learning of the capture of the Spanish King Ferdinand VII during the Peninsular War and the creation of the	the	DET	Junta	PROPN	 Junta
In the United Kingdom, the song peaked at number 7 on the UK Singles Chart, the week of 29 March 1997, and was present on the top 100 for a total of 8 weeks. According to the Official Charts Company, the single had sold 75,233	75,233	NUM	copies	NOUN	 copies
It proved the breeder concept. AEC Chairman Gordon Dean described it as a major milestone in nuclear history. The BORAX Experiments were a series of destructive tests of boiling water reactors conducted by Argonne National Laboratory in Idaho. The BORAX 1 test was conducted under Zinn's	's	PART	supervision	NOUN	 supervision
In September 2014, Vanessa Hudgens covered " I Was Here " during the Voices On Point gala in Los Angeles held in support for LGBTQ students. She covered the song to honor Warren who received a Point Leadership Award at the event. Dutch singer Glennis Grace performed	performed	VERB	the	DET	 the
Individuals who were not familiar with astrology had no such tendency. In 1953, sociologist Theodor W. Adorno conducted a study of the astrology column of a Los Angeles newspaper as part of a project that examined mass culture in capitalist society. Adorno believed that popular astrology,	,	PUNCT	as	ADP	 as
The archaeologists ' efforts at the fort site allowed for the construction of a replica beginning in 1996. Volunteers built the fort, using the same tools and materials settlers would have used. Logs were stripped and split by hand, shingles were split by hand, and	and	CCONJ	a	DET	 a
Symbols for day, month, year, debit, credit, as above, rupee, and numeral are present as well. Tamil also uses several historical fractional signs. Tamil employs agglutinative grammar, where suffixes are used to mark noun class, number, and case	case	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
They also learn Holly is dating one of the Nashua salesmen named A. J. (Rob Huebel). Deeply upset, Michael is at first unable to go forward with the presentation, but Pam tries to comfort him by telling him that she felt the same way when	when	SCONJ	Jim	PROPN	 Jim
This was founded at a prayer meeting later that year where attendees prayed for human trafficking victims. The organization claims that this prayer meeting occurred on the day before the announcement of the 2007 international child pornography investigation, which involved approximately 2,400 human trafficking related arrests in 77	77	NUM	countries	NOUN	 countries
Meyer died on June 25, 2000 after she fell off a ladder and was electrocuted after touching a 7,200 volt wire while working at Golden Era Productions. Golden Era Productions was cited by the California Division of Occupational Safety and Health for improper wiring precautions near a vault	vault	NOUN	where	SCONJ	 where
" Coming Home " is a downtempo hip hop and pop song, that opens with a " simple piano intro " and a " delicate vocal verse from Skylar Grey ". It was written by Diddy, Skylar Grey, Jay Z, J.Cole, and Alex "	"	PUNCT	da	PROPN	 da
As DVD Verdict says about this uncut version, " the language is saucier, the violence a bit more bloody, and the sex more primal. " The disc contains audio commentaries on two episodes: producer Elaine Cameron, writer Steven Moffat and first block director Douglas	Douglas	PROPN	Mackinnon	PROPN	 Mackinnon
In total, twelve missions were launched, ten of which were manned. Following two unmanned test flights, the first manned flight, Gemini 3, was launched on 23 March 1965. The program concluded on 15 November 1966, with the successful recovery of Gemini 12	12	NUM	.	PUNCT	.
In this capacity Oppenheimer became involved in bureaucratic conflict between the Army and Air Force over the types of nuclear weapons the country required, technical conflict between the scientists over the feasibility of the hydrogen bomb, and personal conflict with AEC commissioner Lewis Strauss. The proceedings were	were	AUX	initiated	VERB	 initiated
"), and later apologized after public outcry. This comment embarrassed Pinochet's followers and " reactivated cultural revulsion and human rights sensibilities ". In Reckoning with Pinochet, Stern wrote that the 1991 exhumation led the public to view Pinochet soldiers on trial as criminals.	.	PUNCT	The	DET	 The
Sign Route 41, which followed Legislative Route 125 northeast of Cholame, continued along Route 33 west to the coast. However, Route 125 had still not been paved between Cholame and Atascadero by the 1950s, and so US 466 was moved to the longer but better	better	ADJ	quality	NOUN	 quality
A 277 lb ' light ' shell had a maximum range of 10,330 yards (9,450 m) when fired at an elevation of 15° with smokeless powder. The rate of fire was one round every minute or two. The eight 6 inch (152 mm)	)	PUNCT	Model	PROPN	 Model
In June 1666, they fought the Dutch at the Four Days Battle, one of the longest naval battles in history; the battle saw the new aggressive tactics of Rupert and Monk applied, resulting in " a sight unique till then in sailing ship warfare, the	the	DET	English	PROPN	 English
3Live Kru won the match by pinfall after Konnan slammed Young face first into the mat with his signature Facejam maneuver. The second bout of the show was between two non contracted wrestlers, Austin Aries and Roderick Strong. It lasted 8 minutes even. Aries gained the	the	DET	pinfall	NOUN	 pinfall
The report stated that the " rustic quality " of the bridge is not compatible with roadways larger than two lanes, but that additional width could be facilitated without compromising its historical significance. The National Register of Historic Places nomination states that the Samson Occum Bridge is significant	significant	ADJ	as	ADP	 as
But really exciting, too. " Dissident Gardens was quickly followed up in February 2015 with Lucky Alan and Other Stories, Lethem's fifth short story collection. Lethem's next novel, his tenth, is scheduled for publication in October 2016. Titled A Gambler's	's	PART	Anatomy	PROPN	 Anatomy
Books printed by Evans have been reproduced using some of the original blocks which have " remained in continuous use for over a century ". Critics regard Evans ' most important work to be his prints of children's books with from the latter part of the century with	with	ADP	Walter	PROPN	 Walter
Thus, he went to Prague alone but for his suite and favourite attendant, Giuliano Dami. Gian Gastone's once acclaimed complexion and weight were ruined by the course of dissipation he pursued in Prague, becoming blotchy and bloated respectively. Dami acted as a pimp for	for	ADP	the	DET	 the
Mulder discounts Bocks ' theory that this act is a variation of extraterrestrial cattle mutilation, and suggests they search for a human culprit. Scully is disturbed at the sight of the disheveled corpse. Two more bodies are found exhumed, with their hair cut and fingernails removed	removed	VERB	.	PUNCT	.
Blücher knew that Marmont's Corps was weak and his plan was to destroy it and thus fall upon the rear of Napoleon's main force. Still in pursuit of the debris of the enemy force, late on 13 February, Napoleon received reports that Marmont's Corps	Corps	PROPN	had	AUX	 had
He also participated in the first and second round table conferences. Srinivasa Sastri was a part of the delegation of Indian moderates who visited England in 1919. He was also a part of the Indian delegation to the Imperial Conference (1921) and the Second session of	of	ADP	the	DET	 the
The prefecture level city roughly corresponds to the basin of the Lhasa River, which is the center of Tibet politically, economically and culturally. Chengguan District is also the center of Tibet in terms of transport, communications, education and religion, as well as being the	the	DET	most	ADV	 most
This is important because most applications of SMAW are manual, requiring that an operator hold the torch. Maintaining a suitably steady arc distance is difficult if a constant voltage power source is used instead, since it can cause dramatic heat variations and make welding more difficult.	.	PUNCT	However	ADV	 However
" This was going to be a story in which Spock died, so it was going to be a story about death, and it was only a short hop, skip, and a jump to realize that it was going to be about old age and friendship	friendship	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
While Portland Parks & Recreation maintains the park, in 1988 the Portland Water Bureau assumed responsibility for the fountain. The park, which is known for its accessibility for allowing visitors to stand at the top of the waterfall, is designed according to construction code to prevent	prevent	VERB	children	NOUN	 children
Goldman was charged with violating the Comstock Law. Refusing to pay a $100 fine, Goldman spent two weeks in a prison workhouse, which she saw as an " opportunity " to reconnect with those rejected by society. Although US President Woodrow Wilson was re elected	elected	VERB	in	ADP	 in
Belief in the existence of a soul (54%) and a connection between the worlds of the living and the dead (64.9%) was likewise common. In the early 1990s, a 27 year old Motoki and his friend travelled to India; just before	before	ADP	going	VERB	 going
This caused complications as Campbell allocated too much time for filming in Sydney and not enough in Manchester. As a result, some scenes set in Sydney were filmed in Manchester; the scene where the characters arrive at Sydney Airport was filmed in a hall at the University	University	PROPN	of	ADP	 of
During his tenure in the Court of Appeal he oversaw some of the most significant cases of the era, particularly in contract law, despite his avowed dislike of judicial work. Five of Birkett's cases were dramatised for radio by Caroline and David Stafford and broadcast on	on	ADP	BBC	PROPN	 BBC
On Boxing Day Arsenal recorded a win against Chelsea and two days after, earned three points at home to Middlesbrough, courtesy of a headed winner by Cole. In their first league match of 2002, Arsenal hosted Liverpool at Highbury. The match brought " little but	but	CCONJ	frustration	NOUN	 frustration
Blackrock was developed into a feature film of the same name in 1997. Blackrock is an Australian beachside working class suburb where surfing is popular among youths like Jared. He has his first serious girlfriend, Rachel, who comes from a much wealthier part of the city	city	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
All twenty two cars contested the first part, with seven drivers eliminated from further contention in each of the first two parts of qualifying, leaving eight drivers to compete for pole position in Q3. However, in a change of rules, drivers were now eliminated during	during	ADP	the	DET	 the
The bodies of the Zenbooks are made of aluminium, chosen for its light weight, strength, vibration dampening, appearance and acoustic properties. Both the bodies and lids are CNC milled and brushed for appearance. Reviewers have noted the resulting superior rigidity and complimented the appearance	appearance	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
" Even though the Puritan colonists of New England were supportive of Oliver Cromwell's reign in England, they were not always receptive to Cromwell's suggestions. In response to a proposal by Cromwell that New Englanders migrate to Ireland to increase its Protestant population, the Massachusetts	Massachusetts	PROPN	assembly	NOUN	 assembly
Ivaylo's legacy enjoyed huge popularity beyond the borders of Bulgaria years after his death. At least two " Pseudo Ivaylos " appeared in the Byzantine Empire. In 1284 a Bulgarian who claimed to had been Ivaylo, arrived in Constantinople and offered his services to Emperor Andronikos	Andronikos	PROPN	II	PROPN	 II
Mayweather offers to make a few repairs and upgrades to systems on the ship, but Paul tells him to stop, making him feel uneasy and out of place. Soon afterwards, the ship suddenly comes under attack, and a homing device is placed on the hull	hull	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
The adult Jason (Derek Mears) kidnaps Whitney Miller (Amanda Righetti), a girl who looks like his mother, and holds her prisoner in his underground tunnels. Months later, Whitney's brother Clay (Jared Padalecki) comes to Crystal Lake and rescues her	her	PRON	.	PUNCT	.
Upon release as a single in 2009, it debuted at number 70 on the Hot R & B / Hip Hop Songs chart and eventually peaked at 37. With " Video Phone ", I Am... Sasha Fierce became the first album of the 21st century to	to	PART	have	VERB	 have
Black Americans and Latino Americans created uprock and breaking in New York City. Black Americans in California created locking, roboting, boogaloo, and popping — collectively referred to as the funk styles. All of these dance styles are different stylistically. They share common ground in	in	ADP	their	PRON	 their
It was a chain shift, meaning that each shift triggered a subsequent shift in the vowel system. Mid and open vowels were raised, and close vowels were broken into diphthongs. For example, the word bite was originally pronounced as the word beet is today,	,	PUNCT	and	CCONJ	 and
The Netherlands had one of the largest scenes, sometimes retroactively described as Nederbeat. The Outsiders, from Amsterdam, featured Wally Tax on lead vocals, and recorded three albums and a string of singles which included songs such as " Thinkin ' About Today " " Sun	Sun	PROPN	's	AUX	's
These flights primarily involved transporting cargo, as Chief of the Air Staff Frederick Scherger directed in 1959 that the RAAF would continue to rely on chartered civil airliners to move military personnel on the grounds that these aircraft were better suited to the task and in wartime all the	the	DET	C	PROPN	 C
Newborn rays are smooth skinned; shortly after birth small, blunt tubercles appear in the middle of the back, which in larger adults extends to between the eyes, the " shoulders ", and the base of the tail. Adults also develop recurved thorns along the	the	DET	upper	ADJ	 upper
In 1993, Daniela Federici created an homage with Anna Nicole Smith as Mansfield and New York City DJ Sky Nellor as Loren for a Guess Jeans campaign. Later, Mark Seliger took a picture named Heidi Klum at Romanoff's with Heidi Klum in a reproduction of the	the	DET	restaurant	NOUN	 restaurant
Five Finger Death Punch also occasionally play ballads. Bathory described Five Finger Death Punch as " a straight up heavy metal band with a hint of thrash metal — maybe a hint of the Euro stuff in there " and then said, " that's pretty much what	what	PRON	we	PRON	 we
In 1775 he became involved in the American invasion of Quebec early in the American Revolutionary War, and served with the Continental Army in the 1775 Battle of Quebec. He went on to lead his own regiment (the 2nd Canadian, also known as " Congress '	'	PART	Own	ADJ	 Own
On August 23, 1910, Maeda wrestled Jack Connell in Havana; the result was a draw. During 1911, Maeda and Satake were joined in Cuba by Akitaro Ono and Tokugoro Ito. The four men were known as the ' Four Kings of Cuba. '	'	PUNCT	The	DET	 The
Later, with the aid of Bouvier, Q, and Sanchez's girlfriend Lupe Lamora, Bond frames Krest by planting the $5 million in the Wavekrest. Sanchez kills Krest and admits Bond into his inner circle. Sanchez takes Bond to his base, which is	is	AUX	disguised	VERB	 disguised
In 2002, the rig was upgraded with " e drill ", a drill monitoring system whereby technical personnel based in Houston, Texas, received real time drilling data from the rig and transmitted maintenance and troubleshooting information. Advanced systems played a key role in the rig	rig	NOUN	's	PART	's
Agni reinstates Sita and declares that Rama created the illusionary Sita to bring about Ravana's annihilation and with that purpose served, the true Sita returns to Rama. Inspired by Adhyatma Ramayana, the Ramacharitmanas has a very similar narrative; however, Agni Pariskha narrative is longer	longer	ADJ	and	CCONJ	 and
The Ashland Center of the University of Kentucky became the second University of Kentucky extension center. Details of the planned relationship were contained in the agreement signed by the Ashland Board of Education and the University of Kentucky Board of Trustees. By this agreement the university would provide	provide	VERB	a	DET	 a
The Mk 41 Stable Vertical (also called Gun Director) was a vertical seeking gyroscope. Its function was to establish and maintain a stable earth vertical with its associated horizontal plane. With the horizontal plane established, the Mk 41 continuously measured the angles between the deck	deck	NOUN	and	CCONJ	 and
He was also present at Leicester Square for the premiere of Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix on 3 July 2007. On 12 November 2008, Felton appeared alongside Jack Osbourne on Adrenaline Junkie as he participated in various challenges in South African, including a 200	200	NUM	ft	NOUN	 ft
By 1910, Chance began to groom Fred Luderus as his successor at first base. He rebuilt the team in 1911 after Evers's nervous breakdown and the departure of Harry Steinfeldt, replacing them with Heinie Zimmerman and Jim Doyle respectively. The Cubs returned to the World	World	PROPN	Series	PROPN	 Series
In the opinion of Rasanayagam Mudaliar and Swami Gnanapragasar the Aryacakravarti dynasty was connected to the Eastern Ganga Dynasty through maternal lines. Rasanayagam believes that a Brahmin from the town of Rameswaram married into the surviving family members of the Kalinga Magha, an invader claiming to be from	from	ADP	Kalinga	PROPN	 Kalinga
Immigration studies (migration studies), which examine the change in cancer risk in populations moving between countries with different rates of cancer, show that there is some environmental component to endometrial cancer. These environmental risk factors are not well characterized. Most of the risk factors	factors	NOUN	for	ADP	 for
Tripoli, nominally a subject of the Ottoman Empire, was practically autonomous in conducting her foreign affairs, and would declare war on non Muslim states whose ships sailed in the Mediterranean in order to extract tribute from them. In 1801, the payments demanded by Tripoli from	from	ADP	the	DET	 the
Cornell said, " By the time we were finished, it felt like it had been kind of hard, like it was a long, hard haul. But there was stuff we were discovering. " The band's fifth album, Down on the Upside,	,	PUNCT	was	AUX	 was
The initial event caused a number of wood framed homes in Scotia to come off their foundations while the porches of some other homes became detached. The 25 mW cogeneration plant there that used wood waste products to power both the lumber company and the town suffered damage and	and	CCONJ	both	DET	 both
Although Ross supported the extension, she could not be seen as unable to do her job without O'Reilly's assistance, and hired Frank Leland Howard of the University of Virginia, who had a background in accounting, as O'Reilly's prospective replacement. Roosevelt approved a similar	similar	ADJ	extension	NOUN	 extension
Patch initiated a new offensive just as the 38th Division began to withdraw from the inland ridges and hills that it had occupied. On 20 January, the 25th Infantry Division, under Major General J. Lawton Collins, attacked several hills, designated Hills 87, 88,	,	PUNCT	and	CCONJ	 and
The publishing of the book disturbed the Yugoslav government, which lodged a complaint with the US Department of State. The thrust of the Yugoslav complaint was that the book equated the Partisans with the Chetniks. Roberts denied this, stating that his book did not equate the	the	DET	two	NUM	 two
They blamed the deficiency on a failure to use an altitude correction and that the engines had not been properly adjusted. They went as far as arranging for two more flights between Leningrad and Moscow to prove the MiG 3 could fly 1,000 km (621 mi).	.	PUNCT	Two	NUM	 Two
In 1877 Achilles was rerigged as a barque. Both of her funnels were retractable to reduce wind resistance while under sail alone. The intended armament of Achilles changed no less than five times before it was finally mounted. She received four rifled 110 pounder breech loading guns	guns	NOUN	mounted	VERB	 mounted
In interviews, farmers identified the species as useful for fence posts, live fencing and firewood, and as a food species for wild birds and mammals. Ficus aurea is used as an ornamental tree, an indoor tree and as a bonsai. Like other figs,	,	PUNCT	it	PRON	 it
He originally intended By the Way to be made up of " these punky, rough songs ", drawing inspiration from early punk artists such as the Germs and The Damned. However, this was discouraged by producer Rick Rubin, and he instead built upon Californication's	's	PART	melodically	ADV	 melodically
The game was first released in North America on October 31, 1998, and in PAL regions in November of that same year. Rugrats: Search for Reptar has received generally mixed to positive reviews. It holds an aggregate score of 68.75% at GameRankings based on	on	ADP	four	NUM	 four
Among other commentators discussing the lyrical themes, Mark Hertsgaard writes that Harrison's " response to the fleetingness of time was to affirm and celebrate life: ' make love all day long / make love singing songs ' ", while Robert Rodriguez describes " Love You To	To	ADP	"	PUNCT	 "
Adams gave the episode a C. M. Giant of Television Without Pity awarded the episode a " B ". Roth Cornet of IGN called " Stairmageddon " an " odd one " for feeling like both a standalone episode that utilized the full ensemble, but also " one	one	NUM	of	ADP	 of
In an interview for Toronto Star, she said, " Every time I'm in Canada I feel more Swedish, and every time I'm in Sweden I feel more Canadian. I belong in both places and I love them both equally. " She holds both	both	DET	Swedish	ADJ	 Swedish
The causes for such deterioration have been identified and remedial actions have been initiated. The various fishing nets being used in Dal Lake are cast net (Zaal / Duph), Long line (Walruz), Gill net (Pachi, Shaitan zaal), Rod and	and	CCONJ	line	NOUN	 line
Although not an official twin city, Tampere, Finland is known as " the Manchester of Finland " – or " Manse " for short. Similarly, Osaka is nicknamed as " The Manchester of Japan ", Joinville, Brazil is known as " the Manchester of	of	ADP	Santa	PROPN	 Santa
Its editor is Andrew Anglin, who founded it on July 4, 2013, as a faster paced replacement for his previous website Total Fascism, which he launched the year before. The site has been noted for its use of humor and Internet memes, which have	have	AUX	been	AUX	 been
Anna's children were all canonised. The eldest, Seaxburh, was the wife of Eorcenberht of Kent. She ruled Kent from 664 until her son Ecgberht came of age. Æthelthryth, according to the Anglo Saxon Chronicle, founded the monastery at Ely in 673.	.	PUNCT	Another	DET	 Another
Archaeologists have established human occupation of the rock since at least the Iron Age (2nd century AD), although the nature of the early settlement is unclear. There has been a royal castle on the rock since at least the reign of David I in the 12th	12th	ADJ	century	NOUN	 century
It is named after the ancient Greek mathematician Euclid, who first described it in Euclid's Elements (c. 300 BC). It is an example of an algorithm, a step by step procedure for performing a calculation according to well defined rules, and is one	one	NUM	of	ADP	 of
The story of Bawcock was popularised by Antonia Barber's children's book The Mousehole Cat, which featured the star gazy pie. In 2007 contestant Mark Hix won the BBC's Great British Menu with a variant of the dish. Stargazy pie is a pastry based fish	fish	NOUN	pie	NOUN	 pie
In June 1851, soldiers of the United States Army led by Major Philip Kearny attacked the Takelma near Lower Table Rock, but the Takelma were prepared. One soldier died, and three others were injured. Major Kearny returned with volunteers from Yreka soon after, accompanied	accompanied	VERB	by	ADP	 by
He once wrote to Roger de Meyland, the Bishop of Coventry and Lichfield " These things need your attention, but you have been absent so long that you seem not to care. We therefore order you, on receipt of this letter, to take up residence	residence	NOUN	in	ADP	 in
Meanwhile, The Godfather: The Game and Scarface: The World Is Yours entered the market in 2006, and attempted to apply the Grand Theft Auto formula to popular movie franchises. Still, reviewers continued to measure these games against the standard set by the Grand Theft	Theft	PROPN	Auto	PROPN	 Auto
One element of opposition the report quelled was the discussion of alternatives. All the proposed alternatives — extension of the Alaska Railroad, an alternative route through Canada, establishing a port at Prudhoe Bay, and more — were deemed to pose more environmental risks than construction of	of	ADP	a	DET	 a
Most accounts say Alden was within reach of the gates, only to stop and try to shoot his pursuer, who may have been Joseph Brant. His wet pistol repeatedly misfired and he was killed by a thrown tomahawk hitting him in the forehead. Lt. Col	Col	PROPN	.	PROPN	.
Some atoms on Earth have been artificially generated either deliberately or as by products of nuclear reactors or explosions. Of the transuranic elements — those with atomic numbers greater than 92 — only plutonium and neptunium occur naturally on Earth. Transuranic elements have radioactive lifetimes shorter than the	the	DET	current	ADJ	 current
The airline put its first 737 900ER into service on November 8, 2012 on a flight from Seattle to San Diego. The airline expects to take delivery of the planes between 2012 and 2017. In October 2012 (2012 10), a new order was placed	placed	VERB	by	ADP	 by
But, hey, there's an embarrassment of riches at the Caesar's Pow Wow Indian Casino. You can bet on it! ' Here [...] The Simpsons uses parody with great effect, not only to illustrate how annoyingly and disrespectfully ads infringe on any	any	DET	territory	NOUN	 territory
The section soon came under heavy machine gun and grenade fire from six Japanese posts. Clambering up the cliff face under heavy fire, Derrick held on with one hand while lobbing grenades into the weapon pits with the other, like " a man... shooting for [	[	X	a	X	a
Inside the TV World, the player assembles a party, consisting of the protagonist and up to three other characters, to explore randomly generated dungeons, each tailored around a victim who had been kidnapped. On each floor of a dungeon, the player may find roaming	roaming	VERB	Shadows	NOUN	 Shadows
The New York Times named wii sports as the Game of the year, also The gaming website Gamasutra said that Wii sports was the most important game of 2006. In 2010, the game was included as one of the titles in the book 1001 Video Games You	You	PRON	Must	AUX	 Must
Nri expanded through converts gaining neighboring communities ' allegiance, not by force. Nri's royal founder, Eri, is said to be a ' sky being ' that came down to earth and then established civilization. One of the better known remnants of the Nri civilization	civilization	NOUN	is	AUX	 is
Professor Colin Barrow from Cranfield School of Management described Madonna as " America's smartest businesswoman... who has moved to the top of her industry and stayed there by constantly reinventing herself. " London Business School academics called her a " dynamic entrepreneur " worth copying; they	they	PRON	identified	VERB	 identified
Fitz begins to recover suppressed memories that he once had a wife and a child who have now vanished. This leads him to seek answers about his past and the shadowy forces that seem to be manipulating his world. Fitz suspects there is a sinister conspiracy which appears	appears	VERB	to	PART	 to
Some hockey writers speculated a New Jersey player did not win because there were multiple candidates, resulting in a split vote among the sportswriters who selected the winner. In the 2003 – 04 season, Brodeur won his second consecutive Vezina Trophy and Jennings trophy. He was	was	AUX	also	ADV	 also
The show was also financed by the alfajor manufacturer Jorgito and the bus company Flecha Bus, while the wardrobe was provided by Ona Sáez. Due to the venue's fame for hosting boxing matches, the concerts were conceptualized with boxing elements. Bueno performed dressed in boxing	boxing	VERB	trunks	NOUN	 trunks
Nine men in teams of three would undertake the sledging work. The first stage, hauling over the sea ice to Hut Point, started on 1 September 1915, and was completed without mishap by the end of the month. The second stage, hauling back and	and	CCONJ	forth	ADV	 forth
In the thirteenth century, French flourished as a literary language, and produced the Roman de Fergus, one of the earliest pieces of non Celtic vernacular literature to survive from Scotland. There is no extant literature in the English language in this era. There is some	some	DET	Norse	PROPN	 Norse
Diphtheria was diagnosed the following morning, and soon the disease spread to Alice's children Alix, Marie, Irene and Ernest. Her husband Louis became infected shortly thereafter. Elisabeth was the only child to not fall ill, having been sent away by Alice to the	the	DET	palace	NOUN	 palace
This rationalisation was to become a target of the Counter Reformation. The iconography of the ceiling has had various interpretations in the past, some elements of which have been contradicted by modern scholarship. Others, such as the identity of the figures in the lunettes and spandrels	spandrels	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
It should be able to climb to that altitude in four and a half minutes or less and it should have a range of 500 kilometers (310 mi) at 90% of maximum speed. Two prototypes were to be ready for flight testing on 1 September.	.	PUNCT	According	VERB	 According
The character's initial concept art went through a large number of changes before it was finalized to a much simpler design, so that even very young fans could easily draw it. Yuji Ishihara acted as a primary character artist for the game. Each of the game	game	NOUN	's	PART	's
However, the NTSB determined that V1 was not relevant to this incident because it is only intended to advise pilots on whether they can abort after engine failure, and the first officer believed that his aircraft had been physically damaged and might not be capable of flight.	.	PUNCT	As	ADP	 As
During the 17 August qualification round, Lloyd was placed in the third heat. He completed the race in fifth place, finishing with a time of 20.90 seconds. In doing so, Lloyd defeated Uruguay's Heber Viera (20.93 seconds) but fell behind Slovenia's	's	PART	Matic	PROPN	 Matic
Westenra co wrote four of the fifteen tracks, and the album also features singer Humphrey Berney. The US / Australia / NZ edition followed in March under the name Celtic Treasure. Westenra dedicated the album to her grandmother, Shirley Ireland. Inside the sleeve of the	the	DET	British	ADJ	 British
As a defense measure, the Cuban iguana often makes its home within or near prickly pear cacti. Although the wild population is in decline because of predation by feral animals and habitat loss caused by human agricultural development, the numbers of iguanas have been bolstered as a	a	DET	result	NOUN	 result
The more complete characters profiles in the novel clearly showed the strong relationship between Bond and Leiter. In turn this provides a strengthened motive for Bond to chase Mr Big as revenge for the shark attack on Leiter. Live and Let Die continues the theme Fleming examined in	in	ADP	Casino	PROPN	 Casino
Kirkus Reviews called the book " A gripping recreation of the last ten days in the life of HIJMS Yamato ". It said that Spurr gives the battleship, which " live [s] on as a legend in Japan ", " appropriately big picture treatment "	"	PUNCT	,	PUNCT	,
Panicking, he orders a retreat, abandoning the Acropolis, which was investigating nearby Acheron. While defending the carrier, Faraway shoots down Mason's fighter. Landing where Mason crashed, Faraway engages him in a fistfight and learns the story behind Acheron's devastation. After	After	ADP	Mason	PROPN	 Mason
He attended Christ Church at Oxford University, graduating with a degree in physics in 1961. During his time there he was Secretary of the Oxford Union where his father spoke on two occasions, once with Jeremy Thorpe on the other side. In 1960 Mosley introduced his	his	PRON	father	NOUN	 father
Original drummer Lombardo was also voted " Best Drummer " and the band entered the top five in the categories " Best Band Ever ", " Best Live Band ", " Album of the Year " (for Christ Illusion), and " Band of the Year	Year	PROPN	"	PUNCT	 "
Carl Yastrzemski hit a home run in the second inning, and Jim Rice drove in Rick Burleson with a single in the sixth inning. Meanwhile, the Yankees had been held to two hits through six innings. With one out in the seventh inning, Chris Chambliss	Chambliss	PROPN	and	CCONJ	 and
On August 23, 1991, Armenia became one of the first republics to declare independence from the Soviet Union. Armenia's desire to break away from the Soviet Union largely stemmed from Moscow's intransigence on Karabakh, mishandling of the earthquake relief effort, and the shortcomings	shortcomings	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
Skelley asked Turret Two's gun chief, Senior Chief Reggie Ziegler, if he could use Turret Two for his experiments; Ziegler refused. Skelley then asked Lieutenant Phil Buch, Turret Two's officer in charge, and Buch acquiesced. On April 10, 1989 the	the	DET	battleship	NOUN	 battleship
Moffat stated he felt " tremendous pressure " writing Amy and Rory's ending. He later revealed that he " completely changed " the ending as he was writing it, feeling the emphasis was wrong. During rewrites Moffat went back and forth deciding whether or not Amy	Amy	PROPN	and	CCONJ	 and
" Amanda Dobbins of New York stated that " After viewing the final product, we're guessing [the local officials] probably won't be down with the shower sex, the regular sex, the domestic abuse, the armed robbery, or any of Britney's	's	PART	other	ADJ	 other
Ahead of the official launch, the alliance embarked on an extensive employee communications and training programme, involving virtually all of the 220,000 staff employed by the five member airlines, to ensure they could deliver what the alliance brand promised. At its launch in 1999, Oneworld	Oneworld	PROPN	's	PART	's
Official editions contained three engravings on pages that folded out, interspersed with the text. The first illustrated a stove; the other two, suggested table layouts for the first course and for the second course. Raffald explains in her Directions for a GRAND TABLE that:	:	PUNCT	being	AUX	 being
The nurse tried to make Myrrha suppress the infatuation, but later agreed to help Myrrha into her father's bed if she promised that she would not again try to kill herself. During the Ceres ' festival, the worshiping women (including Cenchreis, Myrrha's mother	mother	NOUN	)	PUNCT	)
It is one of the most visited pilgrimage centres of India, having recorded 1,060,000 visits. The image of the presiding deity worshipped in the temple is a 1 m (3.3 ft) tall, black stone statue of Vishnu in the form of Badrinarayan. The statue	statue	NOUN	is	AUX	 is
" Heaven Bound (I'm Ready) " (another Dennis Linde song) and " Always Have, Always Will, " peaking at numbers 24 and 40, were the last two releases from the album. Jim Ridley gave the album a two and a half	half	ADJ	star	NOUN	 star
" He played electric and acoustic guitar on Pink Floyd tracks using Fender, Martin, Ovation and Washburn guitars. He played electric guitar on the Pink Floyd song " Sheep ", from Animals, and acoustic guitar on several Pink Floyd recordings, such as " Pigs	Pigs	NOUN	on	ADP	 on
By late March, Gravel had almost no fundraising and was only on the ballot in one of the next ten Democratic primaries. On March 25, 2008, Gravel announced that he would leave the Democrats and join the Libertarian Party, saying: " My libertarian views	views	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
In 1911, a Mr Bowker from Shawford successfully applied for the towpath to be diverted, but this was overturned when Rev. J H Du Boulay appealed against the decision. The diversion was sanctioned in 1914, although there have been doubts about the legality of the action	action	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
The mission would later become the Mission to Seafarers, which still provides ministerial services to sailors in over 300 ports. Both Steep Holm and Flat Holm were fortified in the 1860s as a defence against invasion. They form part of a line of defences, known as	as	ADP	Palmerston	PROPN	 Palmerston
Since the 1980s, trapping has again been taken up, and the Governor of Svalbard has one cabin at Austfjordnes that can be rented for a season of trapping. Of the larger fjords on Svalbard, Wijdefjorden is the least affected by humans. During the considerations prior	prior	ADV	to	ADP	 to
Despite the claims of manipulation of the elections and the Constitution itself, there are a few parts of the current constitution approved by key leaders of the Belarusian democratic opposition. In a 2005 interview with Radio Free Europe, presidential candidate Alaksandar Milinkievič stated that Belarus ' stance	stance	NOUN	as	ADP	 as
Ebner's cultural essays about Catalan culture, such as that of Barcelona and Andorra, have been published by the magazines Literatur und Kritik and Zitig. His first collection of short stories, Lose (Destinies), was published in 2007. Of its 45 stories,	,	PUNCT	twenty	NUM	 twenty
The player must use their Keyblade to collect Light and stop the Heartless from conquering every world and spreading Darkness. Chirithy also reveals he has been tasked by the Foreteller to aid the player in his training, and part of that process is the finding of powerful cards	cards	NOUN	called	VERB	 called
Kohli had a slump in form when India toured Bangladesh in June 2015. He contributed only 14 in the one off Test which ended in a draw and averaged 16.33 in the ODI series which Bangladesh won 2 – 1. Kohli ended his streak of low scores by	by	ADP	scoring	VERB	 scoring
" The success of the album also received considerable backlash, with many calling Shakira a " sellout ". This negative response was further heightened by the fact that Shakira, who was a natural brunette, had bleached her hair blonde at the time of the release of	of	ADP	the	DET	 the
The state argued that Aguilar lacked standing to contest the constitutionality of the statute. The state claimed that since Aguilar denied having committing the act that the statute prohibited, he could not contest the constitutionality of it. Justice Robert R. Thomas delivered the opinion of a unanimous	unanimous	ADJ	court	NOUN	 court
These examinations, however, did not take any account of any distinction in colour between populations previously known as I. greensladei and I. purpureus. For example, colonies residing in Western Australia may have lighter heads whereas those living in the eastern states have darker heads. An	An	DET	unpublished	ADJ	 unpublished
The entire 19th Infantry Regiment, reeling from the fight at Chinju and attempting to hold back North Korean advances, fell back to the Notch. The 1st Battalion, 19th Infantry was assigned to hold the Notch and the high ground on the right flank, to the	the	DET	northwest	NOUN	 northwest
Louis Rua was awarded the Bronze Star Medal for " meritorious achievement at sea December 5 – 6, 1944, while serving aboard a U.S. Army large tug en route to the Philippines. His craft went to the rescue of another ship which had been torpedoed by enemy	enemy	NOUN	action	NOUN	 action
It was exactly that. And the principal looked like Weatherbee, and Ms. Grundy was Archana Puran Singh. " Johar also hired Farah Khan to do the choreography, Jatin Lalit to provide the music, Santosh Thundiyil as cinematographer, and Nikhil Advani as his associate director	director	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
All of the competitors were registered as British. Cambridge won the toss and elected to start from the Surrey station, handing the Middlesex side of the river to Oxford. Commencing at 1.15pm, at a high stroke rate Cambridge took an early lead, before settling down	down	ADP	to	ADP	 to
" " [W] hen congress, in exercising exclusive legislation over this territory, enact laws to give or to take away the fees of the justices of the peace, such laws can not be tested by a provision in the constitution, evidently applicable to the	the	DET	judicial	ADJ	 judicial
White was associated with another high profile case, Kitzmiller v. Williams, which involved the belligerent rights of former Confederate soldiers. The case was on appeal from the Supreme Court of Appeals of West Virginia, and White argued the case before the United States Supreme Court,	,	PUNCT	securing	VERB	 securing
Murphy suggested that she showcase her vocal and dancing talent ahead of the December 2010 release of the film Country Strong, in which Paltrow plays a country singer. Murphy said of Paltrow, " Gwyneth is a great singer. She's done it a little bit but	but	CCONJ	I	PRON	 I
The initial broadcast of " Pilot " was watched by approximately seven million viewers, making it the 62nd most watched show of the week. Shortly after the start of class, kindergarten teacher Rebecca Adler (Robin Tunney) becomes dysphasic, falls to the floor, and	and	CCONJ	experiences	VERB	 experiences
Develop's Owain Bennallack further criticized Drake's blandness, doubting whether a player could adequately describe him as a character. Dan Hsu of Bitmob wrote that, though other characters like Master Chief may stand out more, Drake came across as an " old pal ".	.	PUNCT	Drake	PROPN	 Drake
A system acquired enough convection and became organized enough to be considered a tropical depression on November 7. Although the environment was initially favourable and the system was almost upgraded into a tropical storm as was forecast, wind shear kept the cyclone weak. Its convection was eventually	eventually	ADV	destroyed	VERB	 destroyed
Because of their similarities, Holyoak considered all these genera to be closely related. Holyoak provisionally placed the new species in the same genus as the broad billed parrot, naming it Lophopsittacus bensoni; the name honours the English ornithologist Constantine W. Benson, for his work on	on	ADP	birds	NOUN	 birds
Quickly, however, she found herself arguing with Most over her independence. After a momentous speech in Cleveland, she felt as though she had become " a parrot repeating Most's views " and resolved to express herself on the stage. Upon her return in New	New	PROPN	York	PROPN	 York
Surb Karapet translates to " Holy Precursor " and refers to John the Baptist, whose remains are believed to have been stored at the site by Gregory the Illuminator in the early fourth century. The monastery subsequently served as a stronghold of the Mamikonians — the princely house	house	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
Including subsequent damage from Gonzalo, about $2 million was spent on airport repairs, and the storms were later cited as evidence of the need for a newer terminal in a more protected location. Overall, the cyclone's effects were greater than anticipated, with destruction	destruction	NOUN	at	ADP	 at
Several letters even accused former US Attorney General Benjamin R. Civiletti of providing aid to Gov. Romero Barceló during the investigations. Two leaders from the opposing parties, the Popular Democratic Party and the Puerto Rican Independence Party, charged that after a December 1979 meeting between the two	two	NUM	,	PUNCT	,
Since employees handling those letters did not want the writers, mostly young children, to be disappointed at the lack of response, they started answering the letters themselves. The amount of mail sent to Santa Claus increased every Christmas, up to the point that Canada Post	Post	PROPN	established	VERB	 established
The city's walls date from the third century. The high stone walls of the Citadel were built from the sixth to the twelfth century. During this period, Gjirokastër developed into a major commercial center known as Argyropolis (Ancient Greek: Ἀργυρόπολις, meaning " Silver	Silver	PROPN	City	PROPN	 City
The puzzled director then said, " This isn ’ t the dialogue. Who gave it to you? This is a social film, a comedy. Gopu must have done it. He ’ s always pulling a fast one, don ’ t you know?	?	PUNCT	"	PUNCT	 "
Although the concept of distinct ages has older roots in Western esoteric thought, the New Age movement adopted it from Theosophy, despite the fact that such New Age conceptions of ages are often looser and more eclectic than those in Theosophical doctrine. New Age literature often claims	claims	VERB	that	SCONJ	 that
Otherwise, they must rely on material sinking from above, or find another source of energy and nutrition, such as occurs in chemosynthetic archaea found near hydrothermal vents and cold seeps. The aphotic zone can be subdivided into three different vertical regions, based on depth and	and	CCONJ	temperature	NOUN	 temperature
The ship suffered some damage to her rudder, which necessitated temporary repairs at the Kaiserliche Werft (Imperial Shipyard) in Kiel from the end of July to 21 August. She thereafter took part in the autumn maneuvers and the winter cruise in the eastern Baltic and the	the	DET	Skagerrak	PROPN	 Skagerrak
The canoe was built in Kawaihae, Hawaii under the nonprofit organization Nā Kalai Wa ‘ a Moku O Hawai ‘ i. The commitment to build this " gift " for Mau was made by Clay Bertelmann, captain of Makali ‘ i and Hōkūle ‘ a. Maisu was given	given	VERB	to	ADP	 to
Frank rejects the idea. Shortly thereafter, Frank is shot by Lucas Goodwin in an assassination attempt, and falls into a coma. While Frank is in surgery, Claire helps guide Frank's vice president Donald Blythe through diplomatic oil crisis with Russia. While Frank is	is	AUX	receiving	VERB	 receiving
Corbulo retaliated using the same tactics and the use of the Moschoi tribes who raided outlying regions of Armenia. Tiridates I fled from the capital, and Corbulo burned Artaxata to the ground. In the summer, Corbulo began moving towards Tigranocerta through rough terrain and passing through	through	ADP	the	DET	 the
Content is available online from the Wiley Online Library or, after a 12 month embargo, from EBSCOhost. Authors can elect to have accepted articles published as open access. All content is available online for free 24 months after publication. The journal was originally published in	in	ADP	both	PRON	 both
to win the title. Meanwhile, Steiner went on to use the TNA World Heavyweight Feast or Fired Title shot at TNA's Sacrifice PPV event on May 11, 2008, in a losing effort against then champion Samoa Joe and Kaz in a 3 Way Dance.	.	PUNCT	After	ADP	 After
Once the hero defeats the Dragonlord, he triumphantly returns to Tantegel Castle where King Lorik offers his kingdom as a reward. The hero turns down the offer and instead wishes to find his own kingdom. Accompanied by Princess Gwaelin, the hero then sets off in search	search	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
Her party asserted that her income comes from gifts and small contributions made by party workers and supporters. On 3 August 2011 the Delhi High court dismissed the central government's appeal against Mayawati, stating that " she has fully discharged her obligations by disclosing the identities of	of	ADP	all	PRON	 all
The over consisted of four deliveries until the 19th century. The earliest known reference to the wicket is contained in lines written in an old bible in 1680 which invited " All you that do delight in Cricket, come to Marden, pitch your wickets ". Marden	Marden	PROPN	is	AUX	 is
The temperature was now no longer high enough to create new proton – antiproton pairs (similarly for neutrons – antineutrons), so a mass annihilation immediately followed, leaving just one in 1010 of the original protons and neutrons, and none of their antiparticles. A similar	similar	ADJ	process	NOUN	 process
At such times, the reduction in glare from the rings makes the moons easier to observe. Prior to the Voyager missions the view of Enceladus improved little from the dot first observed by Herschel. Only its orbital characteristics were known, with estimations of its mass,	,	PUNCT	density	NOUN	 density
The region of Transoxiana (Arabic: Ma wara ' al nahr) had been conquered by the Umayyad leader Qutayba ibn Muslim in the reign of al Walid I (reigned 705 – 715), following the Muslim conquests of Persia and Khurasan in the mid 7th century	century	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
The rainfall flooded several streets and damaged the city's water line, and 1,921 customers were left without power. When the remnants affected Mississippi a second time, the system dropped heavy rainfall that resulted in flash flooding near Sibley. The system caused about $1 million	million	NUM	in	ADP	 in
In the local streets, the school's conspicuous uniform, including a cloak and tight stockings, attracted unwanted attention. Levin's biographer Bel Mooney writes of this period, " Jeers put iron in his soul ". Among the consolations of Christ's Hospital was its	its	PRON	thriving	VERB	 thriving
" I have to say that it was probably the right decision because look where they are now. All Mr Fayed has to say is ' there's my record '. At the time getting rid of me was a harsh decision. A director at the club	club	NOUN	told	VERB	 told
A Script award was also presented from 1974 to 1978 under the names Best Dramatic Presentation and Best Dramatic Writing and again from 2000 through 2009 as Best Script, but after 2009 it was again removed and replaced by SFWA with the Ray Bradbury Award. Prior to 2009	2009	NUM	,	PUNCT	,
The aircraft used a tricycle undercarriage with the main wheels retracting into the fuselage. Hydraulically actuated air brakes were fitted either side of the rear fuselage. The pilot and gunner / radio operator sat in tandem, back to back in a single pressurized cockpit, protected by	by	ADP	armour	NOUN	 armour
It was established in October 1950 as part of No. 91 (Composite) Wing, which administered RAAF units deployed in the conflict. Apart from No. 391 Squadron, these included No. 77 (Fighter) Squadron, No. 30 Communications Unit (redesignated	redesignated	VERB	No	NOUN	 No
As the years went by and the king became increasingly prone to outbursts of anger, breaking with all his old relationships, it was said that only in Caroline and their sons ' company did Leopold " recapture some of his vitality and Germanic humour ". Caroline was	was	AUX	described	VERB	 described
Juanita labelled the band's new writing as " real organic, real jammy... very melodic, but very raw. " They played new material during their December 2009 Australian tour. One critic described it as " a more rollicking, rock and roll approach. "	"	PUNCT	In	ADP	 In
In her debut episode, she unsuccessfully attempts to hang up a cross in the prison chapel and expresses homophobic views. She has conflict with Alex Vause and Piper Chapman throughout the first season. In the second season, Doggett's storyline revolves around her friendships with Sam	Sam	PROPN	Healy	PROPN	 Healy
On the western side of the airport are runways 1L / 19R and 1R / 19L. 1L / 19R was originally a short runway suited for light aircraft before it was significantly widened and lengthened in 1997. Between the two sets of parallel runways was runway 14 / 32	32	NUM	,	PUNCT	,
The character combined the powers of the comics ' Callisto with another of the Morlocks, Caliban, and was written as someone who could be " beautiful, but with a tough persona ". Ramirez had originally auditioned to play the mutant prostitute Stacy X, and impressed	impressed	VERB	Brett	PROPN	 Brett
Mean Machines agreed, describing the game as " a rollercoater ride from start to finish " and listing Carnival Night as their favorite level, which they described as " probably the most slickly programmed portion of game in Megadrive history ". Humphreys and Mean Machines felt that	that	SCONJ	the	DET	 the
Those whose names are inscribed are said by surviving members to have " failed to beat the clock ". At the suggestion of the then Commanding Officer, Dare Wilson, inscribed on the base of the clock is a verse from The Golden Road to Samarkand by James	James	PROPN	Elroy	PROPN	 Elroy
Believing that vaginal orgasms are " a physiological impossibility " because the vagina has insufficient nerve endings for sexual pleasure or climax, he " concluded that satisfaction from penile penetration [is] mainly psychological or perhaps the result of referred sensation ". Masters and Johnson's research	research	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
Amin began recruiting members of Kakwa, Lugbara, South Sudanese, and other ethnic groups from the West Nile area bordering South Sudan. The South Sudanese had been residents in Uganda since the early 20th century, having come from South Sudan to serve the colonial army.	.	PUNCT	Many	ADJ	 Many
He then took 0 / 18 from eight overs and made 52 in the second innings before being run out while batting with Harvey as the match ended in a draw. In the second innings, Loxton attempted to attack the bowling of Malcolm Hilton — who had troubled	troubled	VERB	Bradman	PROPN	 Bradman
Though the city was first named by European settlers Ville Marie, or " City of Mary, " its current name comes from Mount Royal, the triple peaked hill in the heart of the city. According to one theory, the name derives from mont Réal,	,	PUNCT	(	PUNCT	 (
35.59167° N 84.20222° W ﻿ / 35.59167; -84.20222 Tomotley – located in present day Monroe County, adjacent to Toqua along the Little Tennessee River. Timberlake reported a councilhouse in Tomotley that would sound a " death hallow " to signify the return of a war	war	NOUN	party	NOUN	 party
D & M Publishers. ISBN 978 1 926685 80 9. " Assault Plan ". United States Army Center of Military History. Retrieved 22 March 2015. Schofield, Hugh (13 September 2011). " Hitler's Atlantic Wall: Should France Preserve It?	?	PUNCT	"	PUNCT	 "
In the absence of Cancellara, Trek Factory Racing's squad was led by Stijn Devolder, the only former winner in the peloton, although he was not considered to have the best chances. Etixx – Quick Step's squad featured Niki Terpstra, Zdeněk Štybar, and	and	CCONJ	Stijn	PROPN	 Stijn
In their last game of the League season, away to Sheffield United, Small Heath scored first when Foulkes ' attempted clearance rebounded off his teammate Walter Hill into the net, and Mobley extended the lead after a break down the left by Hands. Although United came	came	VERB	close	ADV	 close
After Alberta's two most prominent Liberals, Peter Talbot and Frank Oliver, made it clear that they were not interested, DeVeber considered himself as a possible candidate. Less than two months before Alberta's formal creation, he wrote to his colleague in the Legislative Assembly	Assembly	PROPN	of	ADP	 of
He subsequently broke off all personal relationships with the band, explaining " I don't want you around when I die. " On March 8, 1973, aged 27 he was found dead of a gastrointestinal hemorrhage at his home in Corte Madera, California by his	his	PRON	landlady	NOUN	 landlady
The remainder financed major projects in terms of planning, right of way acquisition or construction. In terms of winter maintenance, MDOT classifies all state highways into two priority levels for snow removal, authorizing overtime to clear some highways in the state. MDOT assigns the numbers	numbers	NOUN	for	ADP	 for
The form of the name is the person's full Hebrew name and his mother's Hebrew name (e.g. Shmuel ben Chana, " Shmuel the son of Chana "), even if the Rebbe already knows who he is. It is customary to write the kvitel	kvitel	NOUN	on	ADP	 on
Grey has a series of one night stands, including one with O'Malley, who is in love with her. When she cries in the middle of their encounter, their friendship temporarily ends. Grey embarks on a relationship with veterinarian Finn Dandridge (Chris O'Donnell),	,	PUNCT	but	CCONJ	 but
With the water level rising, the group struggle to find a way out of the tunnels before soon using an open manhole to escape. Phelps quickly volunteers to lift Kelso up through the manhole, but upon realising he can not escape the rising water, bids his	his	PRON	comrade	NOUN	 comrade
" Marlon Wayans was cast, and signed for a sequel. The actor had attended a wardrobe fitting, but it was decided to save the character for a third installment. Michael Keaton returned after a significant increase in his salary to $10 million. Annette Bening	Bening	PROPN	was	AUX	 was
The song sold 12.8 million digital copies worldwide in 2010, making it the best selling single of the year, trumping the previous year's song by more than three million downloads. As of 2012, it has sold around 14 million copies worldwide. The music video	video	NOUN	for	ADP	 for
Cody and Goldust are half brothers in real life and were once managed by their father, WWE Hall of Famer " The American Dream " Dusty Rhodes. The tag team was formed when Cody was fired from the WWE after losing to Randy Orton in a match prompted	prompted	VERB	by	ADP	 by
The rainfall caused minor flooding in and around Cabo San Lucas. Along the southern coast of the peninsula, Emilia produced tropical storm force winds; two stations reported sustained winds of 43 mph (69 km / h), with one of those reporting wind gusts to	to	ADP	55	NUM	 55
The expedition ship Scotia was requisitioned during the Great War, and saw service as a freighter. On 18 January 1916 she caught fire, and was burned out on a sandbank in the Bristol Channel. One hundred years after Bruce, a 2003 expedition, in a	a	DET	modern	ADJ	 modern
Another source of trouble was the romantic relationship and ultimate break up of Kumar and Madhubala, who had been dating for nine years. Sohrab Modi's Jhansi Ki Rani (1953) was the first Indian film to be shot in colour, and by 1957, colour	colour	NOUN	production	NOUN	 production
According to Cassidy, Kris becomes an emotional wreck throughout the film. Cassidy described her character's ordeal: " She is literally dragged through hell, having to crawl through dark, claustrophobic tunnels. She's always crying and freaking out as her nightmares of Freddy bleed	bleed	VERB	into	ADP	 into
He made his NHL debut on March 10, 1987, against the Washington Capitals and scored his first NHL goal against goaltender Pete Peeters. He appeared in nine regular season games in the 1986 – 87 NHL season, scoring five goals and one assist, and appeared	appeared	VERB	in	ADP	 in
This image of a barren landscape was then faded into a still image of a poppy field found in the BBC Picture Library. The theme melody was a variation on the Blackadder theme by Howard Goodall over opening title images of Blackadder and George parading their men past Melchett	Melchett	PROPN	and	CCONJ	 and
The Manor of Urmston was rented by a family using the local surname. The earliest known member of the Urmston family is Richard de Urmston, who was recorded in 1193 – 4 as giving 40 shillings " for having the king's good will ". Orme Fitz	Fitz	PROPN	Seward	PROPN	 Seward
Force 134, the occupation force, was composed of Norwegian troops who were stationed in Scotland, as well as a British contingent (initially the 52nd (Lowland) Infantry Division), a few American troops, and some 12,000 Norwegian police troops currently stationed in neutral	neutral	ADJ	Sweden	PROPN	 Sweden
The Folksmen, a mock band featured in the film A Mighty Wind that is also made up of characters played by Shearer, McKean and Guest – was the opening act for the show. Shearer is also known for his prolific work as a voice actor on The	The	DET	Simpsons	PROPN	 Simpsons
Four years later in his biography As Bad As I Wanna Be, he confessed having thought about suicide and described that night as an epiphany: " I decided that instead [of killing myself] I was gonna kill the impostor that was leading Dennis Rodman to	to	ADP	a	DET	 a
The many banded krait was more similar to the Australian elapids, Laticauda and true sea snakes than they were to numerous elapids they were compared to. The many banded krait is a medium to large sized species of snake, averaging 1 to 1.5 m (3.3 to	to	PART	4.9	NUM	 4.9
Aids for the travellers to carry their supplies varied; some had brought dogs, horses, mules or oxen, whereas others had to rely on carrying their equipment on their backs or on sleds pulled by hand. Shortly after the stampede began in 1897, the Canadian	Canadian	ADJ	authorities	NOUN	 authorities
A December 2007 QSR Magazine article about the conflict claimed that Burger King Brands had devised a contingency plan to remove itself from the dispute. Citing internal company documents, the Associated Press stated BK had concerns that such agreements might prove to be a possible violation of anti	anti	ADJ	trust	NOUN	 trust
Like other Liberty Ships, John Burke transported war materials between the United States and the rear areas of the Pacific War, often calling at Pearl Harbor, Australia, Guadalcanal, Hollandia and Manaus. On what would be her final trip, Burke departed Seattle, Washington	Washington	PROPN	for	ADP	 for
Although Tamar was canonized by the Georgian church much later, she was even named as a saint in her lifetime in a bilingual Greco Georgian colophon attached to the manuscript of the Vani Gospels. The idealization of Tamar was further accentuated by the events that took place under	under	ADP	her	PRON	 her
The Fell Knight class is still unique to Gaffgarion. The North American localization of The War of the Lions has full audio voice acting for the video sequences in the game. The slowdown and sound downgrade, though acknowledged by the localizers, was not a priority for	for	SCONJ	them	PRON	 them
In 1999, San Francisco's voters chose to exchange at large elections to the board for the previous district system and Newsom was reelected in 2000 and in 2002 to represent District 2, which includes the Pacific Heights, Marina, Cow Hollow, Sea Cliff, and	and	CCONJ	Laurel	PROPN	 Laurel
Elements of the Superman mythos which originated in the film have since been incorporated into the regular continuity of the DC Comics universe: The crystalline based technology of the planet Krypton. Superman's " S " logo originates as the El family crest. Ursa and Non —	—	PUNCT	characters	NOUN	 characters
' She would fly into town for five or six hours. She'd get on a plane and fly to whatever was the next thing she was doing. One night, Jam and Lewis received a call from Carey's assistant telling them that Carey had an idea	idea	NOUN	for	ADP	 for
" Some New Agers advocate living in a simple and sustainable manner to reduce humanity's impact on the natural resources of Earth; and they shun consumerism. The New Age movement has been centered around rebuilding a sense of community to counter social disintegration; this has been	been	AUX	attempted	VERB	 attempted
Originally from Port Elizabeth, Fuller migrated as a child to Melbourne with her family. There she trained with her uncle Robert Hawker Dowling and teacher Jane Sutherland and took classes at the National Gallery of Victoria Art School, becoming a professional artist in the late 1880s.	.	PUNCT	In	ADP	 In
On 15 May 2003, AgustaWestland signed an agreement with Bell Helicopter to undertake final assembly of the US101 in the U.S. Under the pact, AgustaWestland would produce the main rotor blades and main fuselage sections at its Yeovil, UK, facility. The company would produce other	other	ADJ	components	NOUN	 components
Qandil responded to a query regarding his extensive coverage of the Intifada by saying, " How are news shows expected to react to events such as the Intifada? Are we supposed to keep silent? " Ra ' is el Tahrir later moved to Dream TV, an	an	DET	Egypt	PROPN	 Egypt
A few days before fellow Group member Peter Watts (Terry O'Quinn) investigates a murder in a suburban home, in which occult paraphernalia has been laid out in a disorganized manner. Watts contacts Black for help with the case. However, Black is still recovering from	from	ADP	the	DET	 the
Utica's neighborhoods have historically been defined by their residents, allowing them to develop their own individuality. Racial and ethnic groups, social and economic separation and the development of infrastructure and new means of transportation have shaped neighborhoods, with groups shifting between them as a result	result	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
Shortly before Christmas, he visited the Focke Wulf production site at Bad Eilsen, where he was met by Professor Kurt Tank. The mayor of Vienna, Dipl.-Ing. Hanns Blaschke awarded Nowotny the city's ring of honor on 11 January 1944, the presentation taking place	place	NOUN	a	DET	 a
MPC additionally worked on the disappearing waterfall that serves as Jennifer's grave when she is killed at the beginning of the film. They transformed the mysterious waterfall into a whirlpool. " We came up with an approach that we thought would work because we had a lot	lot	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
' Friends, it doesn't get much better. " Paige Wiser of the Chicago Sun Times called it "... an event not to be missed, " and praised Buscemi in particular, calling his performance " fascinating. " The episode gained a 2.0 / 5	5	NUM	ratings	NOUN	 ratings
It generally allowed wages and salaries to be paid by contractors as they saw fit, subject to limits imposed by wartime national wage and price controls intended to limit inflation. Salaries above $9,000 had to be approved by Patterson and Groves. The War Production Board was	was	AUX	asked	VERB	 asked
The song " The Other Generation " was deleted; " My Best Love ", which had been cut in tryouts in 1958, was restored in its place, and " The Next Time It Happens " was imported from Pipe Dream. New orchestrations were by Don	Don	PROPN	Sebesky	PROPN	 Sebesky
Meanwhile, wealthy industrialist Norman Osborn (Willem Dafoe), the father of Peter's best friend Harry Osborn (James Franco), subjects himself to an experimental performance enhancing serum, which creates a psychotic and murderous split personality. Donning a military battlesuit, Norman becomes	becomes	VERB	a	DET	 a
Multiple concrete jacks were spread in a circle of 50 feet (15 m) diameter. Ultimately, little marine life has been successful in latching onto the man made reef and the majority never even had the opportunity to do so. When deposited, while a few	few	ADJ	tires	NOUN	 tires
The musician reassured the girl that the tale was untrue and condemned it as a " stupid rumor ". The story circulated for many months, during which time Jackson became upset; he was raised in a family where homosexuality was considered sinful. Jackson would continue to	to	PART	deny	VERB	 deny
Abyss contains three inversions including an inline twist enclosed in the ride's show building, as well as an Immelmann loop and a dive loop outdoors. The ride features four trains which each seat riders four abreast in two rows. The theming around the ride was manufactured	manufactured	VERB	in	ADP	 in
The disease may be diagnosed by finding the virus in the feces or detecting antibodies against it in the blood. The disease only occurs naturally in humans. The disease is preventable with the polio vaccine; however, a number of doses are required for it to be	be	AUX	effective	ADJ	 effective
Koenig had broken up with his girlfriend shortly before the release of Contra and subsequently moved out of their shared apartment in New York. Feeling " weird and aimless ", Koenig attempted to stay in Los Angeles but he returned East after four months. By the time	time	NOUN	the	DET	 the
Neither he nor his co driver were injured. Bana appeared on the British motoring show Top Gear on 15 November 2009 as a guest for its " Star in a Reasonably Priced Car " segment. Bana is a prominent fan of Australian rules football. His love of	of	ADP	the	DET	 the
During their first nine months of service, the cadets were protected by regulation from working on the wards for more than 24 hours each week. Junior cadets typically worked between 40 and 48 hours each week, including classes. Senior cadets were free of classes. All	All	DET	State	PROPN	 State
This final block contains his most famous homily, the Sermo Lupi ad Anglos, where Wulfstan rails against the deplorable customs of his time, and sees recent Viking invasions as God's punishment of the English for their lax ways. About 1008 (and again in a	a	DET	revision	NOUN	 revision
In the Nickelodeon animated television series SpongeBob SquarePants, the eponymous character's best friend is a dim witted starfish, Patrick Star. Starfish are widespread in the oceans, but are only occasionally used as food. There may be good reason for this: the bodies of	of	ADP	numerous	ADJ	 numerous
Darren Gilford was approached as the production designer, while David Levy was hired as a concept artist. Levy translated Kosinski's ideas into drawings and other visual designs. " Joe's vision evolved the visuals of the first film, " he stated. " He wanted	wanted	VERB	the	DET	 the
At the 2002 World Equestrian Games, riding Krack C, she finished 11th individually and rode to 5th place with the Dutch team. Her best finish was at the 2006 Games, riding Salinero, where she won an individual gold and two silvers, one individually and	and	CCONJ	one	NUM	 one
The " knitting " version was also included on the 2003 UK single " Happy Xmas (War Is Over) ", released on 8 December that year. Artists who have covered " Instant Karma! " include Toad the Wet Sprocket, Paul Weller, Duran Duran	Duran	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
As of 2009, it aired in several countries, including Japan, Korea, and Italy. In 2003, in response to the epidemic of AIDS in South Africa, the co producers of Takalani Sesame included the first preschool AIDS / HIV curriculum. They created the	the	DET	first	ADJ	 first
Ray and Merv put on an unbeaten partnership of 27 to take Victoria to a nine wicket win. Merv and Ray ended unbeaten on 12 and 22 respectively. The three brothers played together in the next match against Western Australia. Merv captained the team as Hassett was	was	AUX	away	ADV	 away
Caulkins was born in Winona, Minnesota in 1963. She swam for the Westside Victory Swim club and later the Nashville Aquatic Club (NAC) in Nashville, Tennessee, where she was trained by future University of Texas and U.S. Olympic coach Paul Bergen. For her	her	PRON	high	ADJ	 high
He explains that the basic idea set out in the book is that all religious thought is symbolic, and that his influences include Rudolf Otto, especially his Mysticism East and West, and Immanuel Kant. He says he was motivated to write the book in an attempt	attempt	NOUN	to	PART	 to
She reported that she was denied visitors, her telephones were repeatedly down, and complained that even her elderly mother had not been able to get through to her. Visitors were denied entrance to her residential compound, including Norwegian diplomats who had tried to visit her on	on	ADP	12	NUM	 12
Given his level of notoriety, the crimes he committed were unremarkable, especially as the assaults he committed had a clear cause. Carl Sifakais considers Stroud to have been a " brilliant self taught expert on birds, and possibly the best known example of self improvement and	and	CCONJ	rehabilitation	NOUN	 rehabilitation
The game follows Ajay Ghale, a young Kyrati American who returns to his native country of Kyrat (a fictional Himalayan country derived from Kirati, a collection of Himalayan people originating from Tibet) to spread his deceased mother's ashes. Kyrat was once an autonomous state	state	NOUN	in	ADP	 in
In 1935, Heyer's thrillers began following a pair of detectives named Superintendent Hannasyde and Sergeant (later Inspector) Hemingway. The two were never as popular as other contemporary fictional detectives such as Agatha Christie's Hercule Poirot and Dorothy L. Sayers's Lord Peter Wimsey.	.	PUNCT	One	NUM	 One
Each witness provides a different version of the same facts. Within the episode, a thriller novelist, Jose Chung, writes a book about the incident. The episode is a stand alone episode, like most episodes of The X Files, and follows the normal Monster	Monster	PROPN	of	ADP	 of
The Cure began writing and recording material for their thirteenth album in 2006. Smith initially stated it would be a double album. The Cure announced a last minute postponement of their autumn 2007 North American 4Tour in August to continue working on the album, rescheduling the dates	dates	NOUN	for	ADP	 for
Along the Florida Panhandle, the storm's winds impacted power, telephone, and telegraph lines, and inflicted $2,000 worth of damage to a dock warehouse. A man in Cedar Key, Florida, drowned after rough surf overturned his rowboat, and at least two	two	NUM	other	ADJ	 other
The two ships fought each other for two days; by the second day Downman had exhausted his supply of shot, and resorted to firing nails and pieces of iron hoop at his opponent. Having observed his captain's predicament, Marshall secured the Spanish crew below deck	deck	NOUN	and	CCONJ	 and
It was staffed by one Chief Justice and a varying number of puisne justices, who were required to be Serjeants at Law, and until the mid 19th century only Serjeants were allowed to plead there. As one of the two principal common law courts with the King	King	PROPN	's	PART	's
As Premier, his first task was to win a workable majority in the Legislative Assembly of Alberta, which he did in the 1905 provincial election. His second was to provide the apparatus of provincial government: his government established everything from speed limits to a provincial court	court	NOUN	system	NOUN	 system
F. servalina was first described in 1839 by Irish naturalist William Ogilby from Sierra Leone; in 1867, British zoologist John Edward Gray described F. herschelii from an Indian skin, which was probably the same as the servaline cat. In 1907, British zoologist Reginald Innes Pocock	Pocock	PROPN	commented	VERB	 commented
Thompson was sacked in February 2000 after a run of one win from twelve matches during the middle of 1999 – 2000. Former Hull City manager Terry Dolan took over, and York finished the season in twentieth place after conceding only five goals in the last twelve matches	matches	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
Instead of majestic towers and merlons, the walls of new fortresses were thick, angled, and sloped, while towers became low and stout; increasing use was also made of earth and brick in breastworks and redoubts. These new defences became known as " star forts	forts	NOUN	"	PUNCT	 "
Prior to the video's release, Azalea also posted images of her wardrobe on Instagram. The video premiered on Vevo on 6 May 2013. A behind the scenes segment was released on 10 June 2013. The music video received positive reviews from critics and was nominated	nominated	VERB	for	ADP	 for
It therefore appears that the only barrier to hybridisation in undisturbed areas is the different flowering seasons: B. prionotes has usually finished flowering by the end of May, whereas flowering of B. hookeriana usually does not begin until June. In disturbed areas, however, the increased	increased	VERB	runoff	NOUN	 runoff
Gilmour and Shirley also backed Barrett for his one and only live concert during this period. The gig took place on 6 June 1970 at the Olympia Exhibition Hall as part of a Music and Fashion Festival. The trio performed four songs, " Terrapin ", "	"	PUNCT	Gigolo	PROPN	 Gigolo
The Japanese bunkers, actually log and earth pillboxes, proved resistant to artillery fire. As the Japanese on Los Negros ran out of food and ammunition, the fight became increasingly unequal. A last stand by fifty Japanese in the Papitalai Hills on 24 March marked the	the	DET	end	NOUN	 end
Of the main characters, only Otho is not morally contemptible. Agrippina is an unscrupulous schemer; Nero, while not yet the monster he would become, is pampered and hypocritical; Claudius is pompous, complacent, and something of a buffoon, while Poppaea, the	the	DET	first	ADJ	 first
They had both lost all of their equipment in Greece and as a result the 2 / 2nd were thrown into the line as infantry, while the 2 / 3rd were hastily re equipped with 14 captured French and Italian artillery pieces. On 20 May, the Germans	Germans	PROPN	launched	VERB	 launched
Beatty tried to correct the mistake, but he was so far behind the leading battlecruisers that his signals could not be read in the smoke and haze. Beatty transferred to the destroyer Attack at 11: 50 and set off in pursuit of his battlecruisers, reaching them	them	PRON	shortly	ADV	 shortly
Lani Jo confirmed the theater will continue to offer screenings of The Rocky Horror Picture Show and focus on documentary and independent films. Clinton Street Theater offers: " a mixture of grindhouse, music films, political documentaries and experimental films ". The theater has become known	known	VERB	for	ADP	 for
" She argued that a " surreal Twin Peaks style shockfest [...] hardly bears repeating, " especially if it " avoid [s] the ' hugging and learning ' of mainstream television [by serving up] such a steady diet of anguish and dashed hopes	hopes	NOUN	that	SCONJ	 that
Lajoie was considered " the first superstar " to join the newly formed AL. He was also the first player whose yearly salary was for $4,000 ($113,776 in current dollar terms). " The Phillies opened their season and drew 6,000 fans. A week	week	NOUN	later	ADV	 later
All four buildings are registered as Category A (" high value ") heritage structures by Ashburton District Council. St John's Church was mostly paid for by Wason, and construction started in 1876, with the first service held on 8 July 1877 by the vicar	vicar	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
" The observation of prey dying of sepsis would then be explained by the natural instinct of water buffalos, who are not native to the islands where the Komodo dragon lives, to run into water when attacked. The warm, faeces filled water would then cause the	the	DET	infections	NOUN	 infections
The collector's edition contains the game, a book titled The Alan Wake Files, and an exclusive soundtrack CD. It also features a developer commentary, and lends access to virtual items for Xbox 360, such as themes and Avatar clothes. During 2010, two	two	NUM	"	PUNCT	 "
Martin recorded the vocals and piano takes in a studio in Liverpool. When asked about the development of the song, during a track by track reveal, Martin said: " That's just about girls. It's weird that whatever else is on your mind,	,	PUNCT	whether	SCONJ	 whether
After Mr. T won the match, Orton and Piper attacked him, leading to a boxing match at WrestleMania 2 between Piper and Mr. T. At the second annual WrestleMania, Piper was disqualified in the Fourth round. The attendance at the event was 19,121. In addition	addition	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
Bradman rested himself for the next match against Oxford University, which resulted in another innings victory. The next match was against the Marylebone Cricket Club at Lord's in late May. The MCC fielded seven players who would represent England in the Tests, and were basically	basically	ADV	a	DET	 a
The following season under the new management of Graham Westley, Wilson featured regularly in both the full back position and at right midfield. In August 2008, Wilson scored his first ever professional goal in Stevenage's 3 – 1 away win at Barrow, taking advantage of	of	ADP	a	DET	 a
The match was the start of a long on field relationship between the pair, who were to regard one another as the best in the world in their fields. O'Reilly recalled that Bradman " knew what the game was all about ". O'Reilly did not enjoy his	his	PRON	time	NOUN	 time
Kings became nominal heads of their fiefs and collected a portion of tax revenues as their personal incomes. The kingdoms were never entirely abolished and existed throughout the remainder of Western and Eastern Han. To the north of China proper, the nomadic Xiongnu chieftain Modu Chanyu (	(	PUNCT	r.	PROPN	r.
Lawrence Tierney guest starred in the episode as Don Brodka. Since airing, the episode has received mostly positive reviews from fans and television critics. It acquired a Nielsen rating of 9.5, and was the fourth highest rated show on the Fox network the week it aired	aired	VERB	.	PUNCT	.
The ship was assigned as the flagship of Group 2, along with the destroyers Paul Jakobi, Theodor Riedel, Friedrich Eckoldt, and Bruno Heinemann. KzS Heye was given command of Group 2 during the operation. The five ships carried a total of 1,700 Wehrmacht mountain	mountain	NOUN	troops	NOUN	 troops
It is a stunted stela with a badly eroded portrait and a shortened date form that is equivalent to a date either in 899 or 909, probably the latter. Stela 62 was unfinished. It was carved to mark the K ' atun ending ceremony of 751 and	and	CCONJ	bears	VERB	 bears
Fraser's Magazine. XXVII: 557 – 571. Retrieved on 25 July 2008 " No. XV. Sir Murray Maxwell, Knight ". The Annual Biography and Obituary XVI: 220 – 255. 1832. Retrieved on 25 July 2008 " The services of the	the	DET	late	ADJ	 late
He was the longest shot in the field at 61 – 1, and drew the far outside post at number eleven. Ridden by Corey Nakatani, his fifth jockey in five races, Oxbow broke well coming out the gate. He ran close to the front throughout	throughout	ADP	the	DET	 the
However, Prussia was outside the empire, and the Hohenzollerns were fully sovereign over it. The practicability of this plan was doubted by some of his advisors, and in any case the crown was only valuable if recognized by the European nobility, most important the Holy	Holy	PROPN	Roman	PROPN	 Roman
The Masterton junction was an octopus junction, a variation of a clover leaf junction, having six bridges and a 600 ft viaduct. There were fifteen bridges built for this approach road. The northern approach road terminated as the A823 (M) at a roundabout with	with	ADP	the	DET	 the
Makarios, leader of the militant anti British and pro Greek movement, was detained in exile in the Seychelles. Macmillan, with the agreement of Home and most of the cabinet, decided that this imprisonment was doing more harm than good to Britain's position in Cyprus	Cyprus	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
From this position Durkheim helped reform the French school system and introduced the study of social science in its curriculum. However, his controversial beliefs that religion and morality could be explained in terms purely of social interaction earned him many critics. Also in 1887, Durkheim married	married	VERB	Louise	PROPN	 Louise
His father was playing for them at the time and then retired in 1996. Six months later, he became Academy chief manager, a position he retained until 2000, when he became manager. Samaras credits his father highly with helping start his football career. His	His	PRON	influence	NOUN	 influence
During the 12th century, King Henry I was suspicious of Roger de Beaumont, 2nd Earl of Warwick. To counter the earl's influence, Henry bestowed Geoffrey de Clinton with a position of power rivalling that of the earl. The lands he was given included Kenilworth	Kenilworth	PROPN	–	PUNCT	 –
I 695 turns southeast through residential areas past Providence Road and comes to an interchange with MD 542 (Loch Raven Boulevard) and Cromwell Bridge Road. The road continues towards Parkville, where it comes to a cloverleaf interchange with MD 41 (Perring Parkway) within commercial	commercial	ADJ	areas	NOUN	 areas
The Senate had a dim view of Williams's performance at the Justice Department and refused to act on the nomination. Grant stuck to his choice, but after no action Williams asked that his name be withdrawn in January 1874. Fish suggested nominating Hoar again, but	but	CCONJ	Grant	PROPN	 Grant
On July 2, the wave moved over Central America and produced scattered areas of strong convection off the coast of Honduras. Later in the day, the center of the wave became elongated as determined by a QuikSCAT satellite pass. By the afternoon, the wave developed	developed	VERB	into	ADP	 into
Since Maryland competes strictly at the Division I level, the two schools currently meet only in men's and women's lacrosse. The media and both schools have called Johns Hopkins – Maryland the greatest and most historic rivalry in men's lacrosse. Sports Illustrated ranked it	it	PRON	among	ADP	 among
For Zwingli, a sacrament was an initiatory ceremony or a pledge, pointing out that the word was derived from sacramentum meaning an oath. (However, the word is also translated " mystery. ") In his early writings on baptism, he noted that baptism	baptism	NOUN	was	AUX	 was
Kathleen Karlyn, an assistant professor of English at the University of Oregon, also criticized the film's portrayal of gender roles: " In order to even imagine female heroism, we're placing it in the realm of fantasy ". Pam Coats, the producer of	of	ADP	Mulan	PROPN	 Mulan
Fadl was succeeded as emir at Ganja by his eldest son Musa (r. 1031 – 1034) who was in turn murdered by his own son Abu'l Hasan Lashkari (II) (r. 1034 – 1049). Abu'l Aswar Shavur's name is an Arabic – Persian	Persian	ADJ	hybrid	NOUN	 hybrid
After the 1988 season, the Brewers added Bates to their winter roster as the 1989 season approached. However, when 12 year Brewer second baseman Jim Gantner re signed with the club, Bates was demoted to Denver, and the Journal Sentinel predicted that he would remain	remain	VERB	there	ADV	 there
On September 16, Ingrid made landfall just south of La Pesca, Tamaulipas in northeastern Mexico as a strong tropical storm. Early on September 17, the storm weakened to a tropical depression, shortly before degenerating into an area of low pressure. Ingrid struck shortly after	after	ADP	Hurricane	PROPN	 Hurricane
Also, the cars used on the ride were designed to resemble the look of a test car that is used to go through multiple safety tests. Over the course of the construction of Test Track, numerous problems occurred causing delays in the ride opening. One problem	problem	NOUN	that	PRON	 that
MEGA magazine rated the Mega CD version the number five CD game, commenting that though it lacked difficulty, it was a good showcase of the system. Prior to its Mega CD release, Electronic Gaming Monthly praised the use of CD technology and felt it would be	be	AUX	followed	VERB	 followed
His convulsions were possibly symptomatic of meningitis, likely contracted at birth and which resulted in hydrocephalus. As was usual among royalty, Gloucester was placed in the care of a governess, Lady Fitzhardinge, and was suckled by a wet nurse, Mrs. Pack, rather than	than	ADP	his	PRON	 his
However, slow progress by the XLVIII Panzer Corps caused Hoth to shift elements of the II SS Panzer Corps to the west to help the XLVIII Panzer Corps regain its momentum. On 10 July the full effort of the corps was shifted back to its own forward progress	progress	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
On her Moment of Truth World Tour, she participated in the Nelson Mandela 70th Birthday Tribute Concert and performed the song with other seven songs. She also performed the song on " Welcome Home Heroes ", a concert dedicated to the US troops, their families,	,	PUNCT	and	CCONJ	 and
A 1999 study subsequently reclassified Maleevosaurus as a juvenile Tarbosaurus. All research published since 1999 recognizes only a single species, which is either called Tarbosaurus bataar or Tyrannosaurus bataar. After the original Russian Mongolian expeditions in the 1940s, Polish Mongolian joint expeditions to the Gobi Desert	Desert	PROPN	began	VERB	 began
According to de Fivas, Moustache was responsible for the discovery of an Austrian spy in the French camp just prior to the Battle of Austerlitz. The dog is alleged to have leapt to his feet and barked at the Austrian to alert French soldiers. Some sources state	state	VERB	that	SCONJ	 that
Star Shoots can only be grown for a limited amount of time, and their path of growth can be directed by the player. They can be used to carry the player to various floating islands found throughout the game world. Some islands, called " Energy Rocks	Rocks	PROPN	"	PUNCT	 "
" The song was showcased in an event on 13 September in Mumbai, which was transmitted live on the YouTube and Bollywood Hungama websites. " In My City " debuted on 13 September 2012, on the NFL Network's sports programme Thursday Night Football. Chopra filmed	filmed	VERB	a	DET	 a
Lennon subsequently expressed regret that he had not given co writing credit to Ono instead, who actually helped him write the song. In 2002, McCartney released another live album, Back in the U.S. Live 2002, and the 19 Beatles songs included are described as "	"	PUNCT	composed	VERB	 composed
Going into their second round series with the Rangers, Crosby looked to end a long playoff goal drought, which dated back to the 2013 Eastern Conference Finals against the Boston Bruins. After dropping Game 1 at home, Crosby finally broke his goal drought in Game 2	2	NUM	,	PUNCT	,
Thucydides evidently held Themistocles in some esteem, and is uncharacteristically flattering in his praise for him (see above). Diodorus also extensively praises Themistocles, going as far as to offer a rationale for the length at which he discusses him: " Now on the subject	subject	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
American paddlefish are highly mobile and well adapted to living in rivers. They inhabit many types of riverine habitats throughout much of the Mississippi Valley and adjacent Gulf slope drainages. They occur most frequently in deeper, low current areas such as side channels, oxbows, backwater	backwater	ADJ	lakes	NOUN	 lakes
They also afforded the citizens of Jacksonville a pastime to watch competing races. By the 1860s, weekly trips between Jacksonville, Charleston, and Savannah were made to transport tourists, lumber, cotton, and citrus. The soil along the St. Johns was considered especially successful	successful	ADJ	for	ADP	 for
The design was simple: strong horizontal stripes of red, black and white. Players wore white pants and red, white and black striped stockings. The basic design would be used for the rest of the organization's existence, except for one season, 1909 –	–	PUNCT	10	NUM	 10
She was named for the German province of Elsass, now the French region of Alsace. Her sister ships were Braunschweig, Hessen, Preussen and Lothringen. The ship served in the II Squadron of the German fleet after commissioning, though by the outbreak of World War	War	PROPN	I	PROPN	 I
An array of enemy characters from Half Life populate the game, including alien lifeforms such as headcrabs and Vortigaunts, as well as human soldiers sent in to contain the alien threat. The players have access to a limited selection of Half Life's weaponry to assist them	them	PRON	in	ADP	 in
The 28th arrived in Egypt in July and concentrated along with the rest of the 7th Brigade at Abbassia, near Cairo, where they were assigned to the newly formed Australian 2nd Division. Two months of training followed, as the division was readied for action; this	this	DET	process	NOUN	 process
In September, Triumph, together with the destroyer Usk, escorted a convoy carrying British troops for operations against Tsingtao, with Triumph taking part in several bombardments of German positions until the capture of Tsingtao by the Japanese. Triumph was hit by a German shell during a	a	DET	bombardment	NOUN	 bombardment
Below its boiling point of 4.22 kelvins and above the lambda point of 2.1768 kelvins, the isotope helium 4 exists in a normal colorless liquid state, called helium I. Like other cryogenic liquids, helium I boils when it is heated and contracts when its temperature is lowered	lowered	VERB	.	PUNCT	.
The ships then began a peacetime training routine off the east coast of the United States and the Caribbean, including gunnery training off the Virginia Capes, training cruises in the Atlantic, and winter exercises in Cuban waters. In late 1909, Virginia, Georgia, and	and	CCONJ	Rhode	PROPN	 Rhode
These elevations from within the organisation were controversial, because they were neither advertised nor cleared at the top level of the Arts Council. Smith received severe press criticism for his action, and in December 2005 he announced his resignation. In the same week, Caetani's	's	PART	appointment	NOUN	 appointment
By the end of the first minute, the Dark Blues were a few feet ahead but with the bend in the river favouring Cambridge, the crews were level by Craven Steps. Despite a push from Cambridge's stroke M. J. Marshall, the Light Blues could not	not	PART	gain	VERB	 gain
As a result of him losing his leg during the siege, in " It's Only a Paper Moon ", Nog (Aron Eisenberg) keeps playing that song in private upon his return to Deep Space Nine. He goes to the holosuite to play the Fontaine	Fontaine	PROPN	program	NOUN	 program
The Hokies were forced to punt, and Louisville began its first drive of the fourth quarter. The Cardinals ' Harry Douglas ran for 29 yards on their first play of the drive. On the second, Hunter Cantwell completed a 29 yard touchdown pass to Gary Barnidge	Barnidge	PROPN	.	PUNCT	.
The deck was 63 millimeters (2.5 in) thick and the armor protecting the conning tower was 356 millimeters (14.0 in) in thickness. The ships had 30 watertight compartments in their double bottom and an additional 136 or 137 between the bottom and the upper deck	deck	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
Sidelined for 6 weeks, Higgins was limited to 61 games, though still managed to match his previous season's points total with 22 goals and 16 assists. Set to become a restricted free agent in the off season, Montreal re signed Higgins to a two year	year	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
Actress Anne Hathaway presented the award. Going on to find out that everyone is asked to do jury duty, Peter soon seeks to be kicked out, just as he was from the rock band Coldplay once he suggested that they write a song that is " not	not	PART	whiny	ADJ	 whiny
Iron Duke opened fire on the crippled cruiser and nearby destroyers with her secondary battery at 19: 11 at a range of 9,000 to 10,000 yards (8,200 to 9,100 m). Iron Duke's gunners claimed to have sunk one of the destroyers and hit a second	second	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
) In February 2011, as protests continued over Wisconsin Governor Scott Walker's proposal to limit that state's public employee unions ' collective bargaining rights, and similar proposals were made in other states, Solis spoke out strongly and emotionally against such moves, saying " [	[	X	those	DET	those
The legal system depended on a system of oaths, in which the value of different individuals swearing on behalf of the plaintiff or defendant varied according to their social status - the word of a companion of the king, for example, was worth twelve times that of	of	ADP	a	DET	 a
Worldwide the album has sold over 500,000 copies, and it is among the best selling remix albums of all time. On April 15, 2010, The Guardian reported that a number of artists, including Pet Shop Boys, Passion Pit and rock musician Marilyn Manson,	,	PUNCT	have	AUX	 have
The anti Greeley campaign was famously and effectively summed up in the cartoons of Thomas Nast, whom Grant later credited with a major role in his re election. Nast's cartoons showed Greeley giving bail money for Jefferson Davis, throwing mud on Grant, and shaking hands	hands	NOUN	with	ADP	 with
When none of this worked, a Taliban spokesman says they were " forced " to act. In a meeting held in the summer of 2012, Taliban leaders unanimously agreed to kill her. On 9 October 2012, a Taliban gunman shot Yousafzai as she rode home	home	ADV	on	ADP	 on
Arc blow can also cause porosity in the weld, as can joint contamination, high welding speed, and a long welding arc, especially when low hydrogen electrodes are used. Porosity, often not visible without the use of advanced nondestructive testing methods, is a serious	serious	ADJ	concern	NOUN	 concern
He lies to her, telling her that he was alone when he was arrested when, in fact, there was a prostitute in the car (Rachel Brosnahan). Frank meets with Congressman Donald Blythe (Reed Birney), a committed progressive liberal who has long	long	ADV	pushed	VERB	 pushed
The 1997 – 98 season was another injury plagued year for Barkley. He averaged 15.2 points on.485 shooting and 11.7 rebounds per game. The Rockets ended the season with a 41 – 41 record and were eliminated in five games by the Utah Jazz in the first round	round	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
This makes Solo the first ever goalkeeper in history, man or woman, to achieve 100 shutouts in international competition. Parade Magazine All American: 1997, 1998 Washington State Championship: 1998 NSCAA All American: 2000, 2001, 2002 Pac 10 Selection: 1999,	,	PUNCT	2000	NUM	 2000
The elfin woods warbler breeds from March to June. Both parents are involved in the construction of the nest and in feeding the chicks. Nests are built close to the tree trunk within dry aerial leaf litter, usually Cecropia leaves (a material used by no other	other	ADJ	Parulidae	PROPN	 Parulidae
In 1997, observations from Earth were made of Triton's limb as it passed in front of stars. These observations indicated the presence of a denser atmosphere than was deduced from Voyager 2 data. Other observations have shown an increase in temperature by 5% from 1989	1989	NUM	to	ADP	 to
He lost it in the door of the Meldrews ' car. Retrieving the roll after a brief spell in hospital, Trout attempts to leave the Algarve in a taxi but is involved in a car crash. The production of the show was in a conventional sitcom format	format	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
Gustav Kirchhoff himself, in 1847, used graphs as an abstract representation of a network in his loop analysis of resistive circuits. This approach was later generalised to RLC circuits, replacing resistances with impedances. In 1873 James Clerk Maxwell provided the dual of this analysis with	with	ADP	node	ADJ	 node
While the team's penalty kill was ranked fifth in the league, they were tied for the most short handed goals with the Cranes with six goals. Their powerplay was ranked third, and they gave up the second fewest short handed goals. Brock Radunske led the	the	DET	team	NOUN	 team
The bust was dedicated and installed at the park on October 22, 2005. Ernest C. Wong of Site Design Group designed the park. Having designed landscape along Chinatown's Cermak Avenue, Wong was familiar with the community and invited the public to voice their opinions and	and	CCONJ	ideas	NOUN	 ideas
Floyd's rainfall resulted in deadly and extensive flooding that killed two people in New York. Heavy flooding was reported along numerous creeks, including the Esopus, Catskill, and Schoharie. In the Albany area, the Normanskill rose to extremely high levels, and the resultant	resultant	ADJ	flood	NOUN	 flood
Additionally, fan created " bands " were able to audition on stage by playing the game; their performances were recorded and sent to MTV casting directors, who selected two bands to appear on Total Request Live in a " battle of the bands. " The promotional	promotional	ADJ	tour	NOUN	 tour
Though these theories of memory formation are now well established, they were farsighted for their time: late 19th and early 20th century neuroscientists and psychologists were not equipped with the neurophysiological techniques necessary for elucidating the biological underpinnings of learning in animals. These skills would not come	come	VERB	until	ADP	 until
The historian survived, but, according to Georgeta Filitti, the incident " hastened his death ". I. C. Filitti died in September 1945, almost a year after King Michael's Coup broke with the Axis. By his own account, he had published 82 volumes	volumes	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
Following the Potsdam Declaration by the Allies on 26 July 1945 and the refusal of Japan to surrender under its terms, the United States dropped atomic bombs on the Japanese cities of Hiroshima and Nagasaki on 6 August and 9 August respectively. With an invasion of the Japanese	Japanese	ADJ	archipelago	NOUN	 archipelago
The principal focus of the conference is on the development and application of advanced computational methods for biological problems. The conference has been held every year since 1993 and has grown to become one of the largest and most prestigious meetings in these fields, hosting over 2,000 delegates	delegates	NOUN	in	ADP	 in
According to Richards, the production of Watch Me Disappear was a process that contained " a fair bit of friction ". Ammendola was critical of Chiccarelli's style of production and the short amount of time spent in the studio. The recording process also took its toll	toll	NOUN	on	ADP	 on
This also includes contact with the victim's clothing, a rule dating back to 1845 in R v Day. It is not necessary that the victim feels the touching. The required causation may be quite oblique. As well as weaponry held in the hand, weaponry	weaponry	NOUN	thrown	VERB	 thrown
Early on October 30, the Hurricane Hunters confirmed the increase in intensity, reporting winds of 140 mph (225 km / h). The storm's minimum central pressure continued to drop throughout the day, reaching 924 mbar (27.3 inHg) by 1300 UTC;	;	PUNCT	a	DET	 a
All four escape moments before the colony is consumed by the nuclear blast. On the Sulaco, Ripley and Bishop's relief at their escape is interrupted when the Alien queen, stowed away on the dropship's landing gear, tears Bishop in two. The queen advances	advances	VERB	on	ADP	 on
Since the engine was designed to be scalable, it appeared in various displacements throughout the 1950s, including 224, 259, and 289 cubic inch versions. It should be noted the Studebaker 289 was in production in 1956, a full seven years before the Ford Windsor	Windsor	PROPN	289	NUM	 289
Her father allowed her to attend meetings of the council from the age of 14 but never discussed the affairs of state with her. Even though he had spent the last decades of his life securing Maria Theresa's inheritance, Charles always expected a son and never prepared	prepared	VERB	his	PRON	 his
The same mechanism is behind the intense volcanic activity of Jupiter's moon Io. WASP 17b is thought to have a retrograde orbit (with a sky projected inclination of the orbit normal against the stellar spin axis of about 149°, not to be confused with the	the	DET	line	NOUN	 line
The night of the 10th is spent back at Mina. Starting from noon to sunset on the 11 Dhu al Hijjah (and again the following day), the pilgrims again throw seven pebbles at each of the three pillars in Mina. This is commonly known as	as	ADP	the	DET	 the
It was followed in 1991 by The Legend of Zelda: A Link to the Past for the Super Nintendo Entertainment System. The Adventure of Link bears little resemblance to the first game in the series or later games in the series. The Adventure of Link features side	side	NOUN	scrolling	NOUN	 scrolling
The single species, Argentodites coloniensis, is known from a single blade like fourth lower premolar (p4) from the La Colonia Formation, which is mostly or entirely Maastrichtian (latest Cretaceous) in age. The p4 is 4.15 mm long and bears eight cusps on	on	ADP	its	PRON	 its
The song opens with a section of undistorted single strings and harmonics. The clean, arpeggiated main riff is played in alternating 44 and 64 time signatures. The song is structured with alternating somber clean guitars in the verses, and distorted heavy riffing in the choruses,	,	PUNCT	unfolding	VERB	 unfolding
The title refers to the previous year's successful campaign to get Rage Against the Machine's " Killing in the Name " to chart above X Factor winner Joe McElderry. Frequent themes in Madness ' songs included childhood memories (e.g., " Baggy Trousers ", and	and	CCONJ	"	PUNCT	 "
By the 1840s, tribes were trading salmon to the Hudson Bay Company which shipped the fish to New York, Great Britain, and other locations around the world. In the 1850s, the United States government entered into a series of treaties with the American Indian tribes	tribes	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
Arsenal opened the league season away to Sunderland on 18 August 2000. A second half header from Niall Quinn was enough to earn the home team victory, in a match where Arsenal wasted numerous chances to equalise. Patrick Vieira was sent off for swiping his forearm at	at	ADP	defender	NOUN	 defender
Skin testing is available to confirm penicillin allergies, but is not available for other medications. Non immune forms of anaphylaxis can only be determined by history or exposure to the allergen in question, and not by skin or blood testing. It can sometimes be difficult to	to	PART	distinguish	VERB	 distinguish
This made a total of five debuts on the Hot 100. The same two songs also appeared on the Canadian Hot 100: " Man in the Mirror " at number eighty four, and " ABC " at number ninety three, which also totalled five debuts on	on	ADP	that	DET	 that
The only new piece of sound equipment present was a crude mixing console which Mardas had built, which looked (in the words of Martin's assistant, Dave Harries) like " bits of wood and an old oscilloscope ". The console was scrapped after just one	one	NUM	session	NOUN	 session
Other distinguishing features of the order are the presence of protrusible eyes, another adaptation to living on the seabed (benthos), and the extension of the dorsal fin onto the head. Amphistium is a 50 million year old fossil fish identified as an early relative of	of	ADP	the	DET	 the
" Brantley wrote that Lauper's " love- and heat seeking score " wowed with her " trademark... mix of sentimentality and eccentricity ", and that the costumes and boots courtesy of Gregg Barnes made for " big red scene stealers ". He also praised “ Raise	Raise	VERB	You	PRON	 You
These laws were the first issued by an Anglo Saxon king outside Kent. They shed much light on the history of Anglo Saxon society, and reveal Ine's Christian convictions. Trade increased significantly during Ine's reign, with the town of Hamwic (now Southampton)	)	PUNCT	becoming	VERB	 becoming
" 2015 was not only the warmest year on record, it broke the record by the largest margin by which the record has been broken. 2015 was the 39th consecutive year with above average temperatures. Ocean oscillations like El Niño Southern Oscillation (ENSO) can affect	affect	VERB	global	ADJ	 global
In the years following the start of the national commissioning program, local chapters have begun to commission new band works themselves, such as Frank Ticheli's An American Elegy, commissioned by the Alpha Iota chapter in memory of the Columbine High School massacre. The Stillwater Santa	Santa	PROPN	Fe	PROPN	 Fe
Sabathia was named MVP of the ALCS with two wins in the series. The Yankees ' victory in the ALCS earned them their 40th World Series appearance in franchise history, and their first since losing to the Florida Marlins in 2003. The two teams played a three	three	NUM	game	NOUN	 game
Jacobson was the first such person to come before the Court to receive even the slightest empathy from it, and even a few years earlier his case might have been doomed from the start on that basis alone. Jacobson remains the Court's current standard on the issue	issue	NOUN	as	SCONJ	 as
Core collapse can be caused by several different mechanisms: electron capture; exceeding the Chandrasekhar limit; pair instability; or photodisintegration. When a massive star develops an iron core larger than the Chandrasekhar mass it will no longer be able to support itself by electron degeneracy pressure	pressure	NOUN	and	CCONJ	 and
According to a Pakistani intelligence official, raw phone tap data had been transferred to the U.S. without being analyzed by Pakistan. While the U.S. " was concentrating on this " information since September 2010, information regarding bin Laden and the compound's inhabitants had " slipped from	from	ADP	"	PUNCT	 "
It was the 17th NATO summit in which NATO's Heads of State and Governments met to make formal decisions about security topics. In general, the summit is seen as a continuation of the transformation process that began in the 2002 Prague summit, which hoped to create	create	VERB	a	DET	 a
In between National Congresses, the Central Committee is the highest decision making institution. The CCDI is responsible for supervising party's internal anti corruption and ethics system. In between congresses the CCDI is under the authority of the Central Committee. The Central Committee, as the	the	DET	party	NOUN	 party
When the first set of posted routes in New York were assigned in 1924, the portion of legislative Route 18 north of Buffalo became the basis for NY 34, which began at Main Street (NY 5) in Buffalo and followed the path of legislative Route 18	18	NUM	through	ADP	 through
Cornish was the most widely spoken language west of the River Tamar until around the mid 1300s, when Middle English began to be adopted as a common language of the Cornish people. As late as 1542 Andrew Boorde, an English traveller, physician and writer, wrote	wrote	VERB	that	SCONJ	 that
It may act as a recognition factor to regulate the attachment and dispersal of specific cell types in the biofilm; it may contribute to biofilm formation; and it may contribute to the biofilm's physical strength and resistance to biological stress. All the functions of DNA depend	depend	VERB	on	ADP	 on
The EP was recorded during the summer of 2004. Like his previous album, Inspiration, the EP contains a number of cover tracks, mostly Christmas songs, as well as holiday greetings from Hung. The EP was not as commercially successful as his previous album and	and	CCONJ	was	AUX	 was
According to Norway's Aftenposten she received the most media attention of all participants. The final was held on 29 May 2010 at Oslo's Telenor Arena. Appearing fourth from last, Meyer Landrut wore a simple black dress and performed on a bare stage with four backing	backing	NOUN	singers	NOUN	 singers
During the 1920s and 1930s, an Anti Brahmin movement emerged in the Madras Presidency. It was launched by E. V. Ramaswamy Naicker who, unhappy with the principles and policies of the Brahmin leadership of the provincial Congress, left the party to form the Self Respect Movement	Movement	PROPN	.	PUNCT	.
Two strikes and two balls. He has got two home runs and a base on balls so far today. Here it is, and a ball. Three and two. The Babe is waving that wand of his over the plate. Bell is loosing up his	his	PRON	arm	NOUN	 arm
While carrying a full load, Concorde achieved 15.8 passenger miles per gallon of fuel, while the Boeing 707 reached 33.3 pm / g, the Boeing 747 46.4 pm / g, and the McDonnell Douglas DC 10 53.6 pm / g. An emerging trend in the industry	industry	NOUN	in	ADP	 in
It also marks the celebration of the Hindu new year. Every year, on the Purnima day in the Hindu calendar month of Jyestha (June), the triad images of the Jagannatha Temple are ceremonially bathed and decorated on the occasion of Snana Yatra. Water for	for	ADP	the	DET	 the
The track was also able to reach the top ten in Denmark, Ireland, Netherlands, Norway, and Sweden, while attaining top twenty positions in Belgium (Flanders), France, Finland, Germany, Spain, and Switzerland. In Australia, " Boyfriend "	"	PUNCT	debuted	VERB	 debuted
Within six months their substantial stake had run dry, and the Earps left the Murray Eagle district. About 10 years later, after the Fitzimmons Sharkey fight, a reporter hunted up Buzzard and extracted a story from him that accused Wyatt of being the brains behind lot	lot	NOUN	jumping	VERB	 jumping
On 14 September 1939, eleven days after the outbreak of the Second World War, McNicoll was posted to HMS Victory, the flagship of Admiral Sir William James, the Commander in Chief, Portsmouth. In April 1940, McNicoll was transferred to the light cruiser HMS	HMS	PROPN	Fiji	PROPN	 Fiji
Although it will feed on large insects (such as katydids and crickets), gum, snails, small birds, and reptiles, it is primarily frugivorous. Lianas of the flowering plant genus Bauhinia are a commonly used food source. A nocturnal animal, the Bengal	Bengal	ADJ	slow	ADJ	 slow
An Ultra Couture Edition was also produced, containing a copy of the Deluxe Edition of Loud signed by Rihanna, the MP3 download of Loud on street date and all the features of the Couture Edition. The Ultra Couture Edition sold out and is no longer available neither	neither	CCONJ	on	ADP	 on
The 300 seat theater was designed by Charles A. Duke in 1913 and opened in 1915 as The Clinton. Its main entrance faced 26th Avenue until 1922. The venue became known as the 26th Avenue Theatre in 1945 and the Encore in 1969, before reverting to a	a	DET	variation	NOUN	 variation
Garrison's staff also test the single bullet theory by aiming an empty rifle from the window through which Oswald was alleged to have shot Kennedy. They conclude that Oswald was too poor a marksman to make the shots, indicating someone else, or multiple marksmen, were	were	AUX	involved	VERB	 involved
In the aftermath of the battle, Wichita returned to screening for the carriers off Samar. On 28 October, she provided gunfire support to troops ashore on Leyte. Two days later, she defended against a Japanese airstrike on the fleet. On 31 October, Wichita	Wichita	PROPN	left	VERB	 left
while they gave the PlayStation version a 4 / 10, criticizing the gameplay as slow and awkward but praising the presentation as cinematic. A Bug's Land is a section of Disney California Adventure that is inspired by A Bug's Life. One of the main attractions	attractions	NOUN	is	AUX	 is
Team Meat looked into releasing it as a retail Wii game, but were told by all third party publishers they approached that a budget title would not be profitable so late into the Wii's lifecycle. However, after Team Meat hinted it in October 2015, Super	Super	PROPN	Meat	PROPN	 Meat
The earliest parts of the house were built for the prosperous Cheshire landowner William Moreton in about 1504 – 08, and the remainder was constructed in stages by successive generations of the family until about 1610. The building is highly irregular, with three asymmetrical ranges forming a	a	DET	small	ADJ	 small
While Vicki Hyman of The Star Ledger enjoyed the number, she preferred the previous year's offering; Flandez called " Let It Snow " an " admirable job ". Futterman characterized it as " both effortless and full of seasonal spirit ", and Votta said it	it	PRON	was	AUX	 was
Debbage depicts " A Minnesota Snowfall " from Christmas Around the World as taking " a more naked, bare boned ballad approach ". While discussing Classic Christmas, Gerry Grzyb, chairman of the University of Wisconsin – Oshkosh sociology department, states that Joseph's usual approach	approach	NOUN	is	AUX	 is
In the Autumn, Newall was replaced by Portal and Dowding was succeeded by Douglas. Both the new commanders were Trenchard protégés. During the war, the Trenchard family suffered tragedy. Trenchard's elder stepson John was killed in action in Italy and his younger stepson Edward	Edward	PROPN	was	AUX	 was
He was quoted as saying: " This time around, we switched the process up entirely. Previous to Wildlife, we'd always start music first and add vocals later based on the way the song felt. This time around, because we had a more concrete	concrete	ADJ	concept	NOUN	 concept
In the Italian capital, Terlecki continued to defy the establishment. The players were under strict instructions not to associate with the Vatican while in Rome, but Terlecki arranged for them to meet Pope John Paul II, who was himself Polish. Seeing this as a second	second	ADJ	act	NOUN	 act
Later, around 1626, Henry Briggs made a survey of the two rivers and noted that the land between them was level and easy to dig. He proposed a canal to connect them, but following his death in 1630 the plan was dropped. After the English	English	PROPN	Civil	PROPN	 Civil
Here Shackleton, who had travelled on a faster ship, rejoined the expedition. Hurley also came on board, together with Bakewell and the stowaway, Blackborow, while several others left the ship or were discharged. On 26 October the ship sailed for the South Atlantic	Atlantic	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
George and Nico quickly arrive at the power site, which had been located in Glastonbury, as bad storms across the world begin to strike; the town is badly flooded when they reach the area. As Nico confronts Petra, George tries to stop the Grand Master	Master	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
There is no doubt that Wulfstan had a penchant for law; his knowledge of previous Anglo Saxon law (both royal and ecclesiastical), as well as ninth century Carolingian law, was considerable. This surely made him a suitable choice for the king's legal draftsman	draftsman	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
In 1838 he was appointed as architect to what was then called the County Lunatic Asylum (later Lancaster Moor Hospital). Here, in addition to carrying out minor repairs, he added a chapel and six additional wings for the residents. Other duties in this post	post	NOUN	included	VERB	 included
Shortly after the details of the argument became public, Knight publicly disclosed that he was gay. The situation seemed somewhat resolved when Washington issued a statement, apologizing for his " unfortunate use of words during the recent incident on set. " The controversy later resurfaced when	when	SCONJ	the	DET	 the
While his paternal family was from the town of Velletri, approximately 40 kilometres (25 mi) from Rome, Augustus was born in the city of Rome on 23 September 63 BC. He was born at Ox Head, a small property on the Palatine Hill,	,	PUNCT	very	ADV	 very
Legal complications with Welsh electronic music group Hybrid prompted a second name change, thus deciding on " Linkin Park ". Throughout 1999, Linkin Park was a regular act at the Los Angeles club, The Whisky. The music that would ultimately become the Hybrid Theory album	album	NOUN	was	AUX	 was
On July 31, convection began increasing over the center, and it is estimated it intensified into a hurricane later that day while located about 710 miles (1,145 km) southwest of the southern tip of Baja California. Initially, Fefa was forecast to intensify slightly after	after	ADP	reaching	VERB	 reaching
England (and the UK as a whole) has had a considerable influence on the history of the cinema, producing some of the greatest actors, directors and motion pictures of all time, including Alfred Hitchcock, Charlie Chaplin, David Lean, Laurence Olivier, Vivien	Vivien	PROPN	Leigh	PROPN	 Leigh
A report suggested that damage from those two cities reached at least $1 million. The strong winds also hampered telephone and telegraph networks across the state, with losses as a result in excess of $1,000. Power transmission lines belonging to the Florida Power & Light	Light	PROPN	Company	PROPN	 Company
This variety is used in their close familial interactions, in their conversations with their neighbors in the community, in their transactions in the barangay, school meetings, social gatherings, church rituals and in the trade and commerce. However, they are better known for an	an	DET	auxiliary	ADJ	 auxiliary
And the fighters delivered, though in an unanticipated fashion. From early on it was clear that the bad blood would not adversely impact the fight, as both men fought strong technical fights. During the early rounds, Garcia steadily pulled ahead, outboxing Judah throughout.	.	PUNCT	Judah	PROPN	 Judah
In the early 20th century, this corridor featured the Chesapeake and Ohio Canal, the Western Maryland Railway, and the National Pike, which ran between the canal and the railroad. When the Maryland State Roads Commission constructed the state road between Hancock and Licking Creek in	in	ADP	1915	NUM	 1915
Yvon Cormier, competing mainly as The Beast, made his professional wrestling debut in 1963. He has been described as " probably the most travelled " of the brothers, but most of his title victories came in the Maritimes. He held the ESA International Tag Team	Team	PROPN	Championship	PROPN	 Championship
The existing road between the two points via Castorland was designated as NY 410 as part of the 1930 renumbering of state highways in New York; however, it remained an unimproved, locally maintained highway through the mid 1930s. In early 1934, the Kiwanis Club of	of	ADP	nearby	ADJ	 nearby
The route continues northbound for a couple miles, entering the community of Gifford, situated near the Lafayette Township line. The community is moderately developed, with most of the region contained by residential homes and local dirt roads. The major intersection in Gifford along PA 646	646	NUM	is	AUX	 is
In it Moore suggested it was improper that Vizetelly's fate be determined by a jury of twelve tradesmen, explaining it would be preferable to be judged by three novelists. Moore pointed out that the NVA could make the same claims against such books as Madame Bovary and	and	CCONJ	Gautier	PROPN	 Gautier
Melzer also authored " Interpretive Guidance on the Notion of Direct Participation in Hostilities under International Humanitarian Law ", published in 2009 by ICRC. Melzer's research was utilized in Section IX of the ICRC's Interpretive Guidance on the Notion of Direct Participation in Hostilities under International	International	PROPN	Humanitarian	PROPN	 Humanitarian
Since then, London has grown to be the largest Southwestern Ontario municipality and Canada's 11th largest municipality, having annexed many of the smaller communities that surrounded it. London is a regional centre of health care and education, being home to the University of Western Ontario	Ontario	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
In November 2007, the Pui Tak Center won a $100,000 grant from the Partners in Preservation, a program sponsored by American Express and the National Trust for Historic Preservation. Spreading the word via e mail, Facebook, and church sermons, the building led the	the	DET	five	NUM	 five
Third, they see Jerome ’ s allusion to the poem (discussed above) as a reference to a living individual (i.e. Anicia Proba). Fourth, they contend that Faltonia Betitia Proba had actually died during the war between Magnentius and Consantius, a war alluded	alluded	VERB	to	ADP	 to
In 1965, heading the Newport Folk Festival, Dylan performed his first electric set since high school with a pickup group mostly from the Paul Butterfield Blues Band, featuring Mike Bloomfield (guitar), Sam Lay (drums) and Jerome Arnold (bass), plus	plus	CCONJ	Al	PROPN	 Al
Apart from Goloka and Patala, Kamadhenu is also described as residing in the hermitages of the sages Jamadagni and Vashista. Scholar Mani explains the contradicting stories of Kamadhenu's birth and presence in the processions of many gods and sages by stating that while there could be more	more	ADJ	than	ADP	 than
" The recommendations were endorsed by the state cabinet in 1976. Since that time, Dryandra has been managed principally as a nature reserve but also for limited commercial operations related to plantation timber. In 1995, a management plan was prepared by CALM (now known as	as	ADP	the	DET	 the
It faces the Molkenmarkt and is bound by four roads; Jüdenstraße, Klosterstraße, Parochialstraße, and Stralauer Straße. Designed by Ludwig Hoffmann, chief of construction for the city, it was built in 1902 – 11 at a cost of 7 million marks (US $	$	SYM	1,750,000	NUM	1,750,000
During the last lap, Toro Rosso instructed Verstappen to let his teammate Sainz pass him for eighth, but Verstappen refused and stayed in place. Sebastian Vettel crossed the line to win the race, which took the entire allowed span of two hours. At the podium	podium	NOUN	interviews	NOUN	 interviews
In it, she calls Britain to account for the sin of slavery; in harsh tones, she condemns the " Avarice " of a country which is content to allow its wealth and prosperity to be supported by the labour of enslaved human beings. Moreover, she	she	PRON	draws	VERB	 draws
Dickinson went through knee surgery during the offseason, but there was still concern about whether he had a future in the NFL. That was set aside when he was considered to be progressing well in his recovery as of early July 1977. During the Buccaneers ' offseason	offseason	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
Stone explained that the media would not acknowledge Keyes's candidacy, making it difficult to run an effective campaign. Keyes supports an amendment to the Constitution barring same sex marriage. He stated he would not have gone to war in Iraq, but also said that the	the	DET	war	NOUN	 war
Their sound was highly percussive, featured tightly interconnected minimalist instrumentals with industrial noise influences, and often had a metallic edge. It was a new form of progressive rock that de emphasized solos and overt virtuosity, but the music was nevertheless very complex and difficult. Gamelan	Gamelan	PROPN	and	CCONJ	 and
The experience changed Logan's opinion of Monroe, and he later compared her to Charlie Chaplin in her ability to blend comedy and tragedy. Bus Stop became a box office success, grossing $4.25 million, and received mainly favorable reviews. The Saturday Review of Literature	Literature	PROPN	wrote	VERB	 wrote
One of his brothers, St Gredifael, is commemorated in another Anglesey church, St Gredifael's Church, Penmynydd. The present church dates from the time of King Henry VII (ruled 1485 – 1509), when a significant amount of building work took place in	in	ADP	Wales	PROPN	 Wales
He was fired from his teaching position shortly afterwards. The Toronto based photo retoucher Ernst Zündel operated a small press called Samisdat Publishers, which published and distributed Holocaust denial material such as Did Six Million Really Die? by Richard Harwood (a pseudonym of Richard Verrall –	–	PUNCT	a	DET	 a
The Swedes began to deploy inshore flotillas of shallow draft vessels, beginning with smaller versions of the traditional Mediterranean galleys. Most of these new vessels were more akin to galiots and were complemented with gun prams. The disastrous war with Russia (1741 – 43) and	and	CCONJ	the	DET	 the
Antimony can be isolated from the crude antimony sulfide by a reduction with scrap iron: Sb 2S 3 + 3 Fe → 2 Sb + 3 FeS The sulfide is converted to an oxide and advantage is often taken of the volatility of antimony (III) oxide,	,	PUNCT	which	PRON	 which
Not until completion of that line in 1885 did Manitoba and the northwest finally have reliable and efficient access to eastern Canada by a route located entirely on Canadian soil. Today, the international border is firmly established and peaceful; there is a greater sense of Canadian nationality	nationality	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
Mrs. Chotiner had refused to accompany her husband to Washington, stating at trial that she remained because her children were in California schools. Murray Chotiner married again on May 30. In March 1971, Chotiner resigned from his White House job and returned to the private practice	practice	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
Currie pointed out that a find in South Dakota preserved three Tyrannosaurus rex skeletons in close proximity to each other. After using CT scanning, Currie stated that Tyrannosaurus would have been capable of such complex behavior, because its brain size is three times greater than what would	would	AUX	be	AUX	 be
The entire length of the state road connecting Washington, D.C. and Frederick was completed by 1927. In the approved plan for the U.S. Highway System in 1926, US 240 was planned to run from Washington, D.C. to Harrisburg, Pennsylvania via Frederick. In 1927,	,	PUNCT	US	PROPN	 US
The 17 caliber guns weighed 16,300 pounds (7,400 kg) each. The 50 pounder Dahlgren rifles weighed approximately 5,600 pounds (2,500 kg). The small size of the gun ports limited the guns, however, to a maximum elevation of 4.5° which reduced their	their	PRON	range	NOUN	 range
Scully arrives at Kaminsky's apartment and is attacked by Incanto; however, as they struggle, Kaminsky retrieves Scully's gun and fires on her attacker. Later, during questioning, a visibly weakened and deformed Incanto admits to the killings. He claims to have given	given	VERB	his	PRON	 his
Meanwhile, William continued his advancement in the kingdom. In 1169 he visited Rome, possibly to answer accusations made against him by Archbishop Frederick, although if so, the charge is unknown. It is also possible that while Frederick was away on a diplomatic mission in	in	ADP	Europe	PROPN	 Europe
Pyroclastic density currents can also produce ash particles. These are typically produced by lava dome collapse or collapse of the eruption column. Within pyroclastic density currents particle abrasion occurs as particles interact with each other resulting in a reduction in grain size and production of fine grained ash	ash	NOUN	particles	NOUN	 particles
When he refused to stop his singing performance during the debut of his new talk show, Jack Talk, even though the entire set had accidentally been set on fire, his eyebrow was burnt off. Later, Will, Grace, and Jack all decide that it	it	PRON	would	AUX	 would
All the animals in the Pride Lands gather at the foot of Pride Rock to commemorate the birth of Simba, who will eventually succeed to the throne and take his father Mufasa's place as king. Furious by the fact that he is no longer next in line	line	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
The first mainstream US print media outlet to cover the matter was the Chicago Tribune, whose Southwest Bureau Chief, Howard Witt, wrote a piece covering the story on May 20. Witt had received a summary of the situation from Alan Bean, a Texas minister who	who	PRON	had	AUX	 had
He then decided to play the character with the sense that he felt he was doing right by his victims, not harming them. " I wanted to feel this guy was doing the best he could ", Noonan explained, " that he was doing this out	out	ADP	of	ADP	 of
In the meantime, a variety of theories of inheritance (based on pangenesis, orthogenesis, or other mechanisms) were debated and investigated vigorously. Embryology and ecology also became central biological fields, especially as linked to evolution and popularized in the work of Ernst Haeckel.	.	PUNCT	Most	ADJ	 Most
A new DVD and Blu ray release with a 4 K digital restoration was released in 2015 by The Criterion Collection. In addition to the " Death in Venice " and " Looking Back " featurettes which accompanied earlier editions, there is a conversation between editor Graeme Clifford	Clifford	PROPN	and	CCONJ	 and
He said that he wanted to pitch another year or two and then enter the fast food business in Detroit. In late May, the Associated Press reported that López and Detroit reached a " gentleman's agreement " which would allow the pitcher to finish his career in	in	ADP	Detroit	PROPN	 Detroit
" Hard as the Americans worked to incorporate themselves into the Grand Fleet, they had yet to shake a belief among the veteran British that they were amateurs merely playing at war. In writing to his American born wife following the maneuvers, Admiral Beatty noted that,	,	PUNCT	"	PUNCT	 "
The film went on to gross $107.3 million in North America and $130.9 million internationally, coming to a worldwide total of $238.2 million. Warner Bros. acknowledged Batman & Robin's shortcomings in the domestic market but pointed out success overseas. The film received generally	generally	ADV	unfavorable	ADJ	 unfavorable
This is not the first time Scully has been compared to Judas in the show: the previous seventh season episode " The Sixth Extinction II: Amor Fati " — which is heavily based on Nikos Kazantzakis's novel The Last Temptation of Christ — features Scully in a	a	DET	role	NOUN	 role
Other psychedelic numbers followed, such as " Tomorrow Never Knows " (recorded before " Rain "), " Strawberry Fields Forever ", " Lucy in the Sky with Diamonds " and " I Am the Walrus ". The influence of Indian classical music was evident	evident	ADJ	in	ADP	 in
Around 15 – 20 million Si 3N 4 bearing balls were produced in the U.S. in 1996 for machine tools and many other applications. Growth is estimated at 40% per year, but could be even higher if ceramic bearings are selected for consumer applications such as in	in	ADP	line	NOUN	 line
Speaking to MTV News, Reid said, " It was the first time Rihanna actually came to me and said, ' Here's the song I want to put out. ' She played me the song. That was her taking control [...] She understands	understands	VERB	what	PRON	 what
Even though the movie had not so nice graphics, it was started to be applauded for its epic storyline, screenplay and message. For the late acclaim, it was also compared to the Kamal Hassan classic Anbe Sivam. The film was launched in 2007 with Selvaraghavan	Selvaraghavan	PROPN	's	PART	's
This scale view shot of the entire universe was inspired by the short documentary film Powers of Ten (1977). At the time, it was the longest continuous computer generated effect for a live action film, eventually surpassed by the opening sequence from The Day After	After	ADP	Tomorrow	NOUN	 Tomorrow
In 2002, the first survey of the wreck was done by a team led by James P. Delgado for the Sea Hunters documentary produced by the National Underwater and Marine Agency. The team included the archaeologist Dr. Willi Kramer, the first German to visit the wreck since	since	SCONJ	she	PRON	 she
After the inspection was concluded, it was determined to expend Baden as a gunnery target. In January 1921 the first round of gunnery tests was ordered. The gunners at HMS Excellent fired the new armor piercing (AP) shells that had been introduced after the Battle	Battle	PROPN	of	ADP	 of
The film won the Academy Award for Best Sound Editing; it also received nominations for Best Original Score and Best Sound (Ben Burtt, Gary Summers, Shawn Murphy and Tony Dawe), but lost to The Little Mermaid and Glory respectively. Sean Connery received a	a	DET	Golden	PROPN	 Golden
Twenty still exist in varying states of preservation, ten in original condition and ten rebuilds with 11 being named after West country locations and the remaining 9 being named after RAF Squadrons or Figureheads including Prime Minister Winston Churchill. The class has proved to be useful for preservation	preservation	NOUN	societies	NOUN	 societies
) Meanwhile, as he was denied his pension, Metternich was ironically reliant on loans. In mid September the family moved to 42 Brunswick Terrace, Brighton on the south coast of England where tranquillity of life contrasted greatly with the revolutionary Europe left behind. Parliamentary figures	figures	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
After the track shifted further to the south, the watch was replaced with a hurricane warning between Brownsville and just south of Corpus Christi, Texas. An emergency shelter was opened in Brownwood, Texas, and Army trucks were prepared to assist in evacuations. An official	official	NOUN	from	ADP	 from
Romney was referred to as " Billy " until kindergarten, when he indicated a preference for " Mitt ". In 1953, the family moved from Detroit to the affluent suburb of Bloomfield Hills. His father became the chairman and CEO of American Motors the following year	year	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
Dozens of similar streams that once flowed into the slough from the south have all been piped or filled. Many bodies of water in addition to the main slough channel lie within the drainage basin. The area around the middle slough contains several slough arms and small lakes	lakes	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
Scafaria was hired to write the script in 2005, and Sollett signed on to direct the film in 2006. Principal photography took place over 29 days from October to December 2007, primarily in Manhattan and Brooklyn, New York City. The film premiered on September 6	6	NUM	,	PUNCT	,
Yardley led the Englishmen in giving his Australian counterpart three cheers before shaking Bradman's hand. With 6996 Test career runs, he only needed four runs to average 100 in Test cricket. Bradman took guard and played the first ball from Hollies from the back foot.	.	PUNCT	Hollies	NOUN	 Hollies
Thompson remained a resident there until he turned 18 in 1945. Some sources alternatively state Thompson decided to join the United States Army as an opportunity to escape poverty, or that he was drafted. Thompson enlisted in the army in October 1945, and after basic combat	combat	NOUN	training	NOUN	 training
The first dorsal fin is small and somewhat sickle shaped, with a pointed apex and a short, free, rear tip; its origin lies over the free rear tips of the pectoral fins. The second dorsal fin is relatively large, though still less than half	half	DET	the	DET	 the
After years of dismissing the allegations, in its report, the Army acknowledged that the U.S. military had killed " an unknown number " of South Korean refugees at No Gun Ri with " small arms fire, artillery and mortar fire, and strafing. " But it	it	PRON	held	VERB	 held
The gameplay is also lauded for retaining the elements of Tactics Ogre yet offers freedom to players to develop characters as they wish. GameNOW said that the game " lives up to its legacy — and then some ", and called it " easily one of the best	best	ADJ	GBA	PROPN	 GBA
However, unlike elsewhere on the North Circular, the new junctions are not grade separated and have been designed with environmental concerns in mind. The opened scheme is a reduced specification from 1960s plans, which projected this section of the North Circular to be dual carriageway.	.	PUNCT	In	ADP	 In
In the hind wings of most Orthoptera a secondary vena dividens forms a rib in the vannal fold. The vannus is usually triangular in shape, and its veins typically spread out from the third axillary like the ribs of a fan. Some of the vannal veins may	may	AUX	be	AUX	 be
Pyongtaek was a village consisting mostly of wooden huts and muddy roads In the meantime, 3rd Battalion, 34th Infantry was emplaced at Anseong, several miles east. The two battalions were assigned to form a line to block any North Korean advance. Terrain south of the	the	DET	Ansong	PROPN	 Ansong
The colony could provide a base for promoting Christianity among the native peoples as well as a convenient location for attacking the Spanish province of Nueva Vizcaya and gaining control of its lucrative silver mines. He argued that a small number of Frenchmen could successfully invade New Spain by	by	ADP	allying	VERB	 allying
The episode follows Peter (Joshua Jackson) as he continues to stay away from Boston after learning his true parallel universe origins; his travels take him to a small town, where he helps the local police investigate mysterious disappearances. The episode was written by Ashley Edward	Edward	PROPN	Miller	PROPN	 Miller
On the month's first day, Hansen pitched in both games of a doubleheader against Cincinnati, throwing a perfect 1 ⁄ 3 of an inning in the first half, and three scoreless in the second contest. The following day, he blew a save against the	the	DET	Reds	PROPN	 Reds
Written and composed by the band, as well as Peter Kipely, Dan Muckala and Brad Russell, " Here with Me " is a ballad with a musical vibe influenced by worship, pop and rock music; the overall sound has been compared to that of alternative	alternative	ADJ	rock	NOUN	 rock
In 1998, composer and bandleader David Sanford completed his dissertation on Agharta as a doctoral student in composition at Princeton University. In it, he argued that the album demonstrated how jazz has utilized a variety of external influences " to evolve or modernize itself ". In	In	ADP	an	DET	 an
The album was nominated for a Grammy Award for Best Comedy Recording in 1986, though it lost to Whoopi Goldberg's Whoopi: Original Broadway Recording. Dare to Be Stupid was released on June 18, 1985; it was the first album of musical comedy to be	be	AUX	released	VERB	 released
Including revenue from the 2012 reissue, Titanic earned $658,672,302 in North America and $1,526,700,000 in other countries, for a worldwide total of $2,185,372,302. It became the highest grossing film of all time worldwide in 1998, and remained so for twelve years, until	until	ADP	Avatar	PROPN	 Avatar
Under the LA4 driving cycle for city conditions, EPA's rated range is 98 miles (158 km). According to the carmaker, the city range of the 2012 Mitsubishi i was improved as compared to the previous i MiEV versions, through software upgrades and a	a	DET	revamped	VERB	 revamped
" The band's website also describes Nothing as displaying " a very mature and convincing Meshuggah, now focusing on groove and sound... Meshuggah once again divided their fans into the ' ecstatic ' and the ' slightly disappointed ' ". The polyrhythms can make the music	music	NOUN	sound	VERB	 sound
After Špegelj's resignation, command of the ZNG was entrusted to General Anton Tus. In mid September the regional commands were replaced by six operational zones, headquartered in Osijek, Bjelovar, Zagreb, Karlovac, Rijeka and Split. The zones possessed uneven strength; those	those	PRON	in	ADP	 in
The MTA's forecasted opening date for Phase I is December 30, 2016, as of January 2, 2015. Horodniceanu called earlier estimates lacking " the precision required ". On May 2, 2014, it was reported that Phase 1 of the line was 66	66	NUM	%	NOUN	%
He further noted that " shipwrecks on the Oregon Coast are part of our history. There are a lot of ways you could better spend the money here. " Many others argued that the ship should be removed. Louise Solliday, the director of the Oregon Department	Department	PROPN	of	ADP	 of
The demarcation is not clearly defined, but there are a number of possibilities. Historian Will Jacobs suggests the Silver Age ended in April 1970 when the man who had started it, Julius Schwartz, handed over Green Lantern — starring one of the first revived heroes of	of	ADP	the	DET	 the
The cap of A. regalis is 10 to 25 cm (3.9 to 9.8 in) broad, and, depending on the stage of its development, can range in shape from spherical to convex to somewhat flattened. The color is yellowish brown, and it is densely	densely	ADV	covered	VERB	 covered
With Fiji he won silver in 1998 and 2002, and bronze in 2006. Serevi led Fiji to gold in both the 2001 World Games in Japan, and the 2005 World Games in Germany. The following is a list of IRB Sevens tournaments Serevi has participated in	in	ADP	as	ADP	 as
Booth started the tour well, scoring 109 not out in his third match for the summer, against Surrey. He passed 50 three more times before the start of the Tests, when his form waned. Booth failed to pass 20 in the first six innings of	of	ADP	the	DET	 the
He also called for a " stronger and much more autonomous Alberta ", while rejecting calls for separatism. In the 2001 Alberta provincial election, Harper led the NCC in a " Vote Anything but Liberal " campaign. Some articles from this period described him as a	a	DET	possible	ADJ	 possible
The landfall itself occurred in a sparsely populated area of the Costa Maya region of the Mexican state of Quintana Roo near 18.7 N 87.8 W at 0900 UTC August 21 and brought with it a storm surge of 12 – 18 ft (3.7 – 5.5 m).	.	PUNCT	A	DET	 A
These are the ones who meditate, states the text, their focus on their heart, wherein resides the pure one, the griefless, the bliss. The verse 4 references a fragment each from section 3.2 of Mundaka Upanishad, and section 2.8 of the Shvetashvatara Upanishad	Upanishad	PROPN	.	PUNCT	.
Both brothers ' work influenced many later artists by removing the characters from the familiar theatrical setting and placing them in the world of the story. Henry Fuseli would later create one of the more famous portrayals of the Three Witches in 1783, entitled The Weird Sisters or	or	CCONJ	The	DET	 The
Previously, Canadians who were posthumously awarded the British Victoria Cross were given special headstones at their burial sites in Commonwealth War Graves and other cemeteries. To date, no Canadian Victoria Cross has been conferred; Smokey Smith, who died in 2005, was the last Canadian	Canadian	ADJ	recipient	NOUN	 recipient
The primary game designs were conceived by Horii before being handed to Toriyama to re draw under Horii's supervision. When Horii first created Dragon Quest many people doubted that a fantasy series with swords and dungeons, instead of science fiction elements, would become popular in Japan	Japan	PROPN	;	PUNCT	;
Because these traditional conceptions of God make it difficult to describe God, religious language has the potential to be meaningless. Theories of religious language either attempt to demonstrate that such language is meaningless, or attempt to show how religious language can still be meaningful. Statements like	like	ADP	"	PUNCT	 "
Pigs and cows in back yards, noxious trades like boiling tripe, melting tallow, or preparing cat's meat, and slaughter houses, dustheaps, and ' lakes of putrefying night soil ' added to the filth A movement began to clear the slums – with Burdett	Burdett	PROPN	Coutts	PROPN	 Coutts
Keats and Nollette both inform the agents that Roland Fuller was the only one left in the facility at the time of Surnow's death, but do not believe him to be capable of murder. Nevertheless, Mulder and Scully visit the care home where Roland lives.	.	PUNCT	When	SCONJ	 When
When he died, Lindow Man was suffering from slight osteoarthritis and an infestation of whipworm and maw worm. As a result of decalcification of the bones and pressure from the peat under which Lindow Man was buried, his skull was distorted. While some preserved human remains	remains	NOUN	may	AUX	 may
Although the fruit bodies of Geastrum triplex are nonpoisonous, they are tough and fibrous, and of " no alimentary interest ". Mycologist David Arora says that they are reputed to be edible when immature — when the gleba is still white and firm — but adds that	that	SCONJ	they	PRON	 they
) Beato's Japanese photographs include portraits, genre works, landscapes, cityscapes, and a series of photographs documenting the scenery and sites along the Tōkaidō Road, the latter series recalling the ukiyo e of Hiroshige and Hokusai. During this period, foreign access to (	(	PUNCT	and	CCONJ	and
At the Battle of Fish Creek, the outnumbered Métis manage to drive back the Canadians, but at the Battle of Batoche, while Riel is increasingly immersed in religious activities, the Métis finally suffer defeat. In the hope that his trial will provide an opportunity to	to	PART	get	VERB	 get
In 1981, an Order in Council delegated to the lieutenant governor the power to grant royal assent to bills passed by Tynwald. The lieutenant governor must refer any bill to the then Lord Chancellor's Department (now Ministry of Justice) for advice, on which he	he	PRON	is	AUX	 is
Rocksteady began conceiving ideas for a possible sequel, which became Batman: Arkham City, approximately seven months before development of Arkham Asylum was completed. Rocksteady developed ideas for the sequel's story and setting so the games ' narratives could be effectively connected. A secret room	room	NOUN	containing	VERB	 containing
Some of the things the British public were prohibited from doing included loitering under railway bridges, feeding wild animals and discussing naval and military matters. British Summer Time was also introduced. Alcoholic beverages were now to be watered down, pub closing times were brought forward from	from	ADP	12.30	NUM	 12.30
In turn, dangerous situations arose amid preliminary cleanup operations. In Pinellas County, laws were proposed to unify the municipal decisions to accept residents after future disasters. As part of the proposed laws, the county sheriff, as opposed to local officials, would become responsible	responsible	ADJ	for	ADP	 for
He then uses a cartridge to load the mission plan onto the aircraft. " An MPS upgrade is part of the PE upgrade. Pilots will be able to check the status of, and target weapons in flight. " For the maintenance technician, the A /	/	SYM	OA	PROPN	 OA
After the decision to release the EP was made, Sony decided to release Carey's live version of " I'll Be There " as the only single, due to its critical success. The song debuted at number thirteen on the Billboard Hot 100, becoming Carey	Carey	PROPN	's	PART	's
From 1 January 2003, the Levanger – Hokstad Ferry was one of six services which were part of a national test project where the fees for cars were increased, while passengers traveled free. The project included larger discounts for large users. The scheme was terminated in	in	ADP	2006	NUM	 2006
" Then Truscott (Osment) says, " You will never make this up to me. " Montana is being overwhelmed by fans, which proceed to lift her to a stage and perform the song. Throughout most of the video Cyrus ' character performs the song	song	NOUN	with	ADP	 with
Originally, Belle was depicted constantly crying throughout her imprisonment; Woolverton resented this, arguing that the character was much more likely to be either searching for an escape or simply " be intrigued that she was living in an enchanted castle " than crying. " Once everybody	everybody	PRON	realized	VERB	 realized
This era saw a Greco Roman culture prevail with the introduction of Roman law, Roman architecture, aqueducts, sewers, many agricultural items and silk. In the 3rd century, Emperor Septimius Severus died at Eboracum (now York), where Constantine was subsequently proclaimed emperor	emperor	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
The route crosses the Tuckahoe River into Upper Township, Cape May County and intersects the eastern terminus of County Route 548 (Tuckahoe Road), heading to the east. It intersects County Route 632 (Marshallville Road) and then comes to County Route 617 (Woodbine	Woodbine	PROPN	Road	PROPN	 Road
Some viruses that are maintained in birds without lethal effects, such as the West Nile Virus may however be spread by migrating birds. Birds may also have a role in the dispersal of propagules of plants and plankton. Some predators take advantage of the concentration of birds	birds	NOUN	during	ADP	 during
Around this time, he also voiced the part of Squire Beltham in a radio production of The Adventures of Harry Richmond, which the Daily Telegraph said was " remembered with affection ". He lent his voice to several radio performances, both Shakespearean and modern, including	including	VERB	protagonist	NOUN	 protagonist
The tracks " The Size of Our Love " and " Memorize Your Lines " feature violin lines by Seth Warren of Red Stars Theory. The Village Voice described the former song, a ballad about two lovers in trouble, as " the saddest of the sad "	"	PUNCT	.	PUNCT	.
At the time Beth Elohim had approximately 500 member families and 141 children in the preschool. The school opened in 1995, and continued for three years, growing to 38 students, before moving to new premises and becoming independent under the name " Hannah Senesh Community Day	Day	PROPN	School	PROPN	 School
He also learned that it was his father's old school friend Peter Pettigrew who actually betrayed his parents. The book opens with Harry seeing Frank Bryce being killed by Lord Voldemort in a vision, and is awoken by his scar hurting. The Weasleys then take Harry	Harry	PROPN	and	CCONJ	 and
The book was updated significantly both during her life and after her death. Early editions were not illustrated. Some posthumous editions include a decorative frontispiece, with the caption The FAIR, who's Wise and oft consults our BOOK, And thence directions gives her Prudent Cook	Cook	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
Small glaciers with minimal altitude range are most likely to fall into disequilibrium with the climate. Middle latitude glaciers are located either between the Tropic of Cancer and the Arctic Circle, or between the Tropic of Capricorn and the Antarctic Circle. Both areas support glacier ice from	from	ADP	mountain	NOUN	 mountain
In Hartly, the route intersects DE 11, where it becomes Main Street, and passes by homes. It then heads to the east out of Hartly on Hartly Road, passing through more rural areas. The route continues to its eastern terminus at DE 8 near	near	ADP	Pearsons	PROPN	 Pearsons
This is a characteristic shared with other predominantly dun colored breeds, such as the Fjord horse. Purebred Sorraia occasionally have white markings, although they are rare and undesired by the breed's studbook. The relationship between the Sorraia and other breeds remains largely undetermined, as	as	SCONJ	is	AUX	 is
I thought it was important that somebody went to his. " The 1994 Imola layout, which had been in place since 1981, was never again used for a Formula One race. The circuit was heavily modified following the race, including a change at Tamburello —	—	PUNCT	also	ADV	 also
In a recent article for Foreign Policy, titled, “ What went wrong with Afghanistan? ” published in March 2013, Amrullah Saleh mentioned that the key reason for the current problematic situation in Afghanistan was the West's (US and NATO's) mistaken belief that	that	SCONJ	Pakistan	PROPN	 Pakistan
Progress halted as UN aerial and naval bombardment made movement more difficult. At the same time the North Korean units ' supply lines were stretched thin and began to break down, forcing them to conscript South Korean civilians to carry supplies. On July 17, the KPA	KPA	PROPN	's	PART	's
It spans Columbus Drive to connect Maggie Daley Park (formerly, Daley Bicentennial Plaza) with Millennium Park, both parts of the larger Grant Park. Designed by Pritzker Prize winning architect Frank Gehry, it opened along with the rest of Millennium Park on July 16,	,	PUNCT	2004	NUM	 2004
As a result, early cannon proved most useful for defence, particularly against infantry assaults or to fire at the crews of enemy trebuchets. Indeed, early cannons could be quite dangerous to their own soldiers; James II of Scotland was killed besieging Roxburgh Castle in 1460	1460	NUM	when	SCONJ	 when
Vue Weekly writer Darren Zenko stated that the game is addictive, finding himself playing for more than 8 hours in a day. Psychotronic disliked the lack of variety in levels, due to only one island shape being available and no enemies being present. He also highlighted	highlighted	VERB	the	DET	 the
Halos are caused by interaction of the light with hexagonal ice crystals present in the clouds, which, depending on their shape and orientation, can result in a wide variety of white and colored rings, arcs and spots in the sky. Common halo varieties are the	the	DET	22	NUM	 22
Released in October 2010 on Dark Horse Records, it compiles two studio albums originally issued on that label – the long unavailable Shankar Family & Friends (1974) and Ravi Shankar's Music Festival from India (1976) – and Chants of India, first issued on	on	ADP	Angel	PROPN	 Angel
The courthouse joined the Register in 1981 and was included as a contributing property to the historic district in 2006. After initially joining the Register the structure underwent a careful restoration. The courthouse no longer serves as the primary judiciary center for the county; its successor is	is	AUX	located	VERB	 located
The Rigvedic God of storms Rudra presided over the star; this association was linked by 19th century star enthusiast Richard Hinckley Allen to Orion's stormy nature. The constellations in Macedonian folklore represented agricultural items and animals, reflecting their village way of life. To them,	,	PUNCT	Betelgeuse	PROPN	 Betelgeuse
Psychiatrist Julio Arboleda Flórez considers these throffers a form of social engineering, and worries that they have multiple implications in regard to coercive mechanisms from implicit curtailments of freedom to ascription of vulnerability. The former would include threats to personal autonomy, instilling fear in regard to a	a	DET	potential	ADJ	 potential
With the Byzantine Empire in disarray following Alexander's death in June 913, the Bulgarians reached Constantinople unopposed and forced the regency of the infant Constantine VII (r. 913 – 959) to recognize Simeon I as emperor (in Bulgarian, Tsar). Following a palace	palace	NOUN	coup	NOUN	 coup
Greatly concerned by what he perceived to be the degeneracy of British society, Wilberforce was also active in matters of moral reform, lobbying against " the torrent of profaneness that every day makes more rapid advances ", and considered this issue and the abolition of the slave	slave	NOUN	trade	NOUN	 trade
Wind power, as an alternative to burning fossil fuels, is plentiful, renewable, widely distributed, clean, produces no greenhouse gas emissions during operation, uses no water, and uses little land. The net effects on the environment are far less problematic than those	those	PRON	of	ADP	 of
In the last episode of the ninth season, Arizona cheats on Callie with Dr. Lauren Boswell (Hilarie Burton). Callie soon discovers Arizona's infidelity by seeing her wedding ring pinned to Dr. Boswell's scrub top. In the aftermath of discovery, both Callie and	and	CCONJ	Arizona	PROPN	 Arizona
For most of us the images define the songs. In fact it could be argued that Michael is the first artist of the MTV age to have an entire album so intimately connected in the public imagination with its imagery ". Short films like Thriller largely remained unique	unique	ADJ	to	ADP	 to
The player can check on days off if there are any presents fans have sent the idols, which contain in game items. When taking an audition, a judge evaluates the idol over a 30 second period. The judge's interest level continuously decreases in 10%	%	NOUN	increments	NOUN	 increments
Areas not owned by the National Trust have since been taken over by the Forestry Commission. Rare trees include multiple species of Sorbus with at least nine native and four imported species. Bristol rockcress (Arabis scabra) which is unique to the Avon Gorge can be seen	seen	VERB	flowering	VERB	 flowering
Final Fantasy Tactics: The War of the Lions is a PlayStation Portable and iOS port of the original Final Fantasy Tactics game. Final Fantasy Tactics A2: Grimoire of the Rift is a Nintendo DS sequel to Final Fantasy Tactics Advance, albeit set in the actual Ivalice	Ivalice	PROPN	world	NOUN	 world
" To that end we have made a flag, a symbol to show support for personal freedoms. Spread it as far and wide as you can. " Marcotte embedded the secret HD DVD key into the colors of the flag itself, using the flag hex code	code	NOUN	format	NOUN	 format
These consoles had a blue fiberglass casing, and the PDP 11 was housed inside one of the consoles. By the time of its installation, the pair had spent US $65,000 on the project, but were unable to make the game commercially viable. The second	second	ADJ	prototype	NOUN	 prototype
Banksia sphaerocarpa appeared in the second of these, initially called the ' grossa clade ' for its most basal member. As with George's classification, B. grossa and B. micrantha emerged as close relatives of B. sphaerocarpa. This clade became the basis for new subseries Sphaerocarpae	Sphaerocarpae	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
There are three Grade II listed churches in Sale: the Church of St Anne; the Church of St Mary Magdalene; and the Church of St Paul. As of the 2001 UK census, 78.0% of Sale residents reported themselves as Christian, 1.4% Muslim	Muslim	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
Original Digital Download " You're Mine (Eternal) " – 3: 44 Urban Remix Digital Download " You're Mine (Eternal) " [featuring Trey Songz] – 4: 15 Dance Remix Streaming " You're Mine (Eternal) " [Jermaine Dupri	Dupri	PROPN	×	PUNCT	 ×
" He saw America enter a post war period of prosperity, and perceived it as an analogy for possibilities in his life. The album was encouraged by other personal crises as well, such as DeLonge's father's diagnosis of leukemia and his brother's deployment to	to	ADP	Iraq	PROPN	 Iraq
It is unclear why there were so many cheekpieces accompanying the helmet; it is possible that they may all have been used on the same helmet to customise its appearance on different occasions, or alternatively they may have been intended as spares in the event of damage.	.	PUNCT	The	DET	 The
Brown would become a major figure in Canadian comics. As the content of comics matured throughout the 1980s, they became the subject of increasing scrutiny. In 1986, Calgary comic shop Comic Legends was raided and charged with obscenity. In response, Derek McCulloch and Paul	Paul	PROPN	Stockton	PROPN	 Stockton
The proposed tank was to have a primary armament of a 37 millimetre (1.5 in) main gun and secondary armament of a.30 06 Browning M1919A4, and a crew of three. The specification also called for a maximum speed of 40 mph (64 km / h	h	PROPN	)	PUNCT	)
She is worshipped as a local goddess in Varanasi and Ujjain; both in India. While Indian, Javanese and Balinese versions of the Ramayana call her Trijata, she is known as Punukay in the Laotian Phra Lak Phra Lam, Benyaki in the Thai Ramakien and Devi	Devi	PROPN	Seri	PROPN	 Seri
This led to speculation that the syndicated Millionaire would not be returning for a second season, and BVT's concerns over losing its New York affiliate were compounded by the fact that there were not many time slots available for the show in New York outside of the undesirable	undesirable	ADJ	late	ADJ	 late
BeF2 has many similarities to SiO2 (quartz) a mostly covalently bonded network solid. BeF2 has tetrahedrally coordinated metal and forms glasses (is difficult to crystallize). When crystalline, beryllium fluoride has the same room temperature crystal structure as quartz and shares many higher temperature	temperature	NOUN	structures	NOUN	 structures
The EP debuted at number one on both the US Billboard 200 and Soundtracks charts, selling 154,000 copies there. The album became the cast's third number one album on the Billboard 200. Reaching the top of the chart on June 26, 2010, it did	did	VERB	so	ADV	 so
However, he overstated the case in the 1909 book Concealing Coloration in the Animal Kingdom, arguing that " All patterns and colors whatsoever of all animals that ever preyed or are preyed on are under certain normal circumstances obliterative " (that is, cryptic camouflage),	,	PUNCT	and	CCONJ	 and
In the midst of an investigation by the California Attorney General, Munitz resigned in 2006 and was forced to " forgo his severance package of more than $2 million, and reimburse the Getty Trust for $250,000 after alleged improprieties including lavish expense account spending. "	"	PUNCT	On	ADP	 On
Unfolding fossil evidence shows that Mesozoic crocodylomorphs had a much greater diversity of forms than modern crocodilians. Some became small fast moving insectivores, others specialist fish eaters, still others marine and terrestrial carnivores, and a few became herbivores. The earliest stage of crocodilian evolution was	was	AUX	the	DET	 the
The concentration of dissolved oxygen in Darby Creek was measured to range from 7.4 to 12.4 milligrams per liter. The carbon dioxide concentration ranged from 1.9 to 3.4 milligrams per liter and the nitrogen concentration range from 2.1 to 2.2 milligrams per liter. The concentration of organic nitrogen	nitrogen	NOUN	ranged	VERB	 ranged
All the colleges are self governing institutions as part of the university, each controlling its own membership and with its own internal structure and activities. Being a city university, it does not have a main campus; instead, all the buildings and facilities are scattered throughout	throughout	ADP	the	DET	 the
The three cent silver remained in circulation longer than the other silver coins, apparently because the public thought it was still made of debased silver, but by the autumn of 1862, it too was hoarded. With little point to issuing coins that would not circulate,	,	PUNCT	mintage	NOUN	 mintage
Candice retained her title against Melina in a rematch at The Great American Bash as well as debuting a new finisher called the Candywrapper. Beth Phoenix became the number one contender for the Women's Title after winning a Diva battle royal at SummerSlam. At the Unforgiven pay	pay	NOUN	per	ADP	 per
Agathaeromys is characterized mainly on the basis of features of the molar teeth. As usual in muroid rodents, there are three molars on both sides of the upper jaw (referred to as M1, M2, and M3 from front to back) and lower jaw (	(	PUNCT	referred	VERB	referred
Zack Handlen, reviewing the episode for The A.V. Club in May 2010, said that he enjoyed the " time blips " in the episode, but that he wasn't a fan of the romance between Jenice and Picard. He also felt that there wasn't much	much	ADV	follow	VERB	 follow
It sank two ships in Australian waters before returning to Batavia. Considerable Australian and other Allied military resources were devoted to protecting shipping and ports from Axis submarines and warships. For instance, the RAN escorted over 1,100 coastal convoys the Army established coastal defences to protect important	important	ADJ	ports	NOUN	 ports
An alignment is calculated by measuring the azimuth, the angle from north, of the structure and the altitude of the horizon it faces The azimuth is usually measured using a theodolite or a compass. A compass is easier to use, though the deviation of the Earth	Earth	PROPN	's	PART	's
The challenge was to develop an industrial process that could produce it on a large scale. RDX was also mixed with TNT to produce Composition B, which was widely used in various munitions, and torpex, which was used in torpedoes and depth charges. Pilot plants	plants	NOUN	were	AUX	 were
Although red or orange, Trentepohlia is a chlorophyte green alga which can grow abundantly on tree bark or damp soil and rocks, but is also the photosynthetic symbiont or photobiont of many lichens, including some of those abundant on the trees in Changanacherry area. The strong	strong	ADJ	orange	NOUN	 orange
He scored 99 runs, ending his streak of seasons with at least 30 home runs, a.300 average, 100 runs scored, and 100 RBIs at six. He finished ninth in MVP voting, the first year he had finished outside the top five in his career	career	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
To promote Modern Life Is Rubbish, Food released " For Tomorrow " as the album's lead single in the UK in April 1993. The single, which showcased Blur's new sound and attitude, performed moderately well in the charts, reaching number 28. A	A	DET	few	ADJ	 few
One area was Kharkov, where action was originally ordered for March. Early that month, the Stavka issued orders to Southwestern Strategic Direction headquarters for an offensive in the region, after the victories following the Rostov Strategic Offensive Operation and the Barvenkovo – Lozovaya Offensive Operation in	in	ADP	the	DET	 the
Flora The mangroves found on the coastline of St Kilda consist of a single species, Avicennia marina var resinifera. In the upper intertidal zone mangroves are reduced in size landwards and give way to a variety of samphire species, including beaded glasswort (Tecticornia flabelliformis) and	and	CCONJ	blackseed	PROPN	 blackseed
This hour will be known as the ' XXI Corps Zero Hour. ' There will be no preliminary bombardment. " Just as the preliminary attack by the 53rd Division, XX Corps on the Judean Hills front (see Battle of Nablus) was pausing, at 04	04	NUM	:	SYM	:
Mond made a gentlemen's agreement with Solvay to apportion the global markets, with Mond's company having exclusive rights to the United States and to the British Isles. Brunner and Mond decided to build their factory at Winnington, near Northwich, Cheshire on land owned by	by	ADP	Lord	PROPN	 Lord
Out of the six times we shot with the Photo Sonics camera and 35 mm running through it, every single shot was in the movie. " Nolan also chose not to shoot any of the film in 3D as he prefers shooting on film using prime lenses,	,	PUNCT	which	PRON	 which
He renamed the ship the Maria and Margaretha (presumably after Mary and her maid Marguerite) and had the Danish Consulate in Le Havre certify it so that the ship could pass through the British blockade of France (Imlay was a blockade runner). Carrying silver and	and	CCONJ	gold	NOUN	 gold
" The scene is juxtaposed in a montage with Dussander's home being searched and the hobo's corpse being found in the basement. Todd is briefly questioned about his relationship with Dussander, but he manages to convince the police that he knew nothing of the old man	man	NOUN	's	PART	's
All but four of the aircraft were damaged by the corrosive salt water spray system when the fire was doused. She was repaired at Singapore between 15 March and 9 May when the ship sailed for Colombo en route to the Mediterranean, which she reached on 26 May	May	PROPN	.	PUNCT	.
This set of sport icons was named the beauty of seal characters, because of each pictogram's likeness to Chinese seal script. The 2008 Games were the first to be produced and broadcast entirely in high definition by the host broadcaster. In comparison, American broadcaster NBC	NBC	PROPN	broadcast	VERB	 broadcast
" The Tribune is a big, powerful company and they think they can just run roughshod over people. They picked the wrong guy. " The Tribune believed the situation would be settled quickly and was confident enough to begin developing a Dick Tracy live action television series	series	NOUN	with	ADP	 with
Although weakened by his torture, Fawkes managed to jump from the gallows and break his neck, thus avoiding the agony of the gruesome latter part of his execution. Steven Littleton was executed at Stafford. His cousin Humphrey, despite his cooperation with the authorities, met	met	VERB	his	PRON	 his
Lumumba's speech, broadcast live on the radio across the world, denounced colonialism and was interpreted as an affront to Belgium and Baudouin personally. While it was well received within the Congo, it was widely condemned internationally as unnecessarily confrontational and for showing ingratitude at a	a	DET	time	NOUN	 time
The protesters called Hsu a betrayer of the party as he left the party in 1995. They showed their disapproval of the party's choice by burning their party membership cards. The prevention of dengue fever in Taiwan was always most successful in Tainan City. In 2007	2007	NUM	,	PUNCT	,
It is a matter of typographical convention. Since the introduction of movable type printing in Europe, various sentence spacing conventions have been used in languages with a Latin alphabet. These include a normal word space (as between the words in a sentence), a single	single	ADJ	enlarged	ADJ	 enlarged
" (" How much in the clear world / on green Arcadian mountains / will be sung of you? "). More information about the nature of the music and the instrumentation is included in notes within the published libretto. According to Carter, Proserpina rapita	rapita	PROPN	is	AUX	 is
During the legislative process, several high profile political figures attempted to persuade legislators to vote in favor of the bill, including former President Bill Clinton, former Vice President Dick Cheney, Terry McAuliffe, and Ken Mehlman. The House of Delegates passed the bill with a	a	DET	72	NUM	 72
' You know, it still sounds current. It still sounds relevant. That ’ s really gratifying after all of these years. I mean, that record is what — 40, 50 years old? I don ’ t know, but very old. Old	Old	ADJ	like	ADP	 like
Recent attention has made Ampelosaurus one of the most well known dinosaurs known from France. Like most sauropods, Ampelosaurus would have had a long neck and tail, but it also carried armor in the form of osteoderms 25 to 28 centimetres (9.8 to 11.0 in)	)	PUNCT	long	ADV	 long
Once the system moved into the north central Gulf, deep convection began to develop near its center, expanding in intensity and coverage near and after landfall in extreme southeast Mississippi. The small system accelerated rapidly to the north and northeast ahead of an approaching cold front,	,	PUNCT	moving	VERB	 moving
Squab pie has been the subject of poetry. In " The Squab Pie. A Devonshire Tale " published in 1827, John Taylor uses verse to tell of the captain of a ship in Plymouth who forgot to get meat for his trip. A boy on the	the	DET	ship	NOUN	 ship
Lice are obligate parasites, living externally on warm blooded hosts which include every species of bird and mammal, except for monotremes, pangolins, bats and cetaceans. Lice are vectors of diseases such as typhus. Chewing lice live among the hairs or feathers of their host	host	NOUN	and	CCONJ	 and
Another line of debate has been over the nature of the castle's defences, in particular its gunloops. Many castles built around the same time as Raglan appear to have been built with less concern for defences than in the past, their military features more symbolic than	than	ADP	real	ADJ	 real
Buses carried the evacuated citizens to schools temporarily set up as shelters. A hotel in Cabo San Lucas informed its guests of the approaching storm, and organized indoor activities for those that stayed. Several tourists ended their vacations early and left through local airports. The threat	threat	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
Boyd mentions Andrei Șerban's Eugene Onegin (1980) among the successes and Lucian Pintilie's Carmen (1983) and Ruth Berghaus's Don Giovanni (1984) as productions that received more mixed responses. Sir Charles Mackerras, the conductor for Don Giovanni, was open	open	ADJ	in	ADP	 in
Despite being close, however, Washington could not build any momentum, later losing their next three games before closing out the month of February on a three game win streak. Washington continued its inconsistent play into the month of March, losing three games before going on	on	ADP	a	DET	 a
At 5 p.m., hurricane warnings were discontinued south of Manasquan, New Jersey. At 8 p.m., hurricane warnings expired south of Block Island. By 11 p.m. on September 12, all hurricane warnings had been lowered. Hurricane Donna was a very destructive hurricane that caused	caused	VERB	extensive	ADJ	 extensive
Scherzinger was asked why Spears got cut from the video. She said: " I honestly am not so sure. You shoot a lot of things when you do a video. Some things stay in but other things don't make the cut and Britney just did	did	AUX	n't	PART	n't
Shakur admitted to carrying an identification card with the name " Justine Henderson " in her billfold the night of the shootout, but denied using any of the aliases on the long list that Barone proceeded to read. Shakur's defense attorneys were William Kunstler (the chief	chief	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
Two assistants were assigned to keep a constant watch on Laika before launch. Just prior to liftoff on November 3, 1957 from Baikonur Cosmodrome, Laika's fur was sponged in a weak alcohol solution and carefully groomed, while iodine was painted onto the areas where sensors	sensors	NOUN	would	AUX	 would
After scoring three goals in the club's first five matches of the season, Odubade failed to score again until November 2005 – scoring Eastbourne's goal in a 1 – 1 draw against Carshalton Athletic. He also scored and assisted a goal in the club's 3	3	NUM	–	SYM	 –
On several occasions countries were desperately attempting not to cause a devaluation but to prevent one. So states were striving not against other countries but against market forces that were exerting undesirable downwards pressure on their currencies. Examples include Great Britain during Black Wednesday and various tiger economies	economies	NOUN	during	ADP	 during
" Graeme Virtue of The Scotsman called the League's reunion a " coup " for the series: " While Gatiss's American accent was pretty duff, the bickering spark between the three Gentlemen remained. " In her review of the fifth series, Deborah Ross of	of	ADP	the	DET	 the
The American ships responded by shelling Jean Bart, an incomplete French battleship forced to sail from Saint Nazaire in May 1940 to escape advancing Axis forces. When engaged, Jean Bart had only one of her two quadruple turrets installed, the other having its guns lost to	to	PART	torpedo	NOUN	 torpedo
" Andersen biographer Alison Prince believes the tale to be a parable representing the different kinds of love. When the Snowman asks the dog why a young man and woman stroll about the wintry garden hand in hand, the disillusioned old dog tells him the two are engaged	engaged	ADJ	and	CCONJ	 and
According to the International Herald Tribune, merchandise sales in China were expected to increase by 60 percent in 2008. About one third of the traffic received at nba.com comes from their Chinese area (china.nba.com) written in Mandarin built by the Plus Factory, a New York	York	PROPN	City	PROPN	 City
A sufficient interspersion of the wood with the mycelium of the woodwasp is crucial for its hatching, as the fungus prevents the wood from drying out. Without these prerequisites, hatching is not possible. The tree can only ward off the infestation if it floods the boreholes	boreholes	NOUN	with	ADP	 with
On 23 August, he made his debut in a 0 – 1 home loss against the Philadelphia Union, coming on as a substitute for Dilly Duka in the second half. On 5 September, Drogba scored a hat trick on his first MLS start, the first	first	ADJ	player	NOUN	 player
Since two interstates can not have the same designation in the same state, one of the I 280s had to be renumbered. The Omaha I 280 was re designated as I 680 around 1965. In Iowa, Interstate 80N opened to traffic on December 13, 1966	1966	NUM	.	PUNCT	.
He then banked his aircraft and aimed for the second aircraft in the formation, continuing the attack and scoring hits on its fuselage. The pilot bailed out, and the remaining two MiGs fled. Within five minutes of the engagement, Bolt had shot down two of	of	ADP	the	DET	 the
The blue coloured plumage, particularly the ear coverts, of the breeding males is highly iridescent due to the flattened and twisted surface of the barbules. The blue plumage also reflects ultraviolet light strongly, and so may be even more prominent to other fairywrens, whose colour	colour	ADJ	vision	NOUN	 vision
Future construction of buildings for the College of Medicine will include a new space for the Medical Library outside of Green Library, based upon funding and space availability. The Glenn Hubert Library, previously named the ' Biscayne Bay Library ', is the library for the Biscayne	Biscayne	PROPN	Bay	PROPN	 Bay
Bethe, H. A.; Rajaraman, R. " Three body Problem in Nuclear Matter ", University of Southern California Los Angeles, United States Department of Energy (through predecessor agency the Atomic Energy Commission), (1967). Bethe, H. A. " Note on	on	ADP	Inverse	PROPN	 Inverse
It was suggested by Berthe van Regemorter that in the St Cuthbert Gospel this design represents Christ (as the central bud) and the Four Evangelists as the grapes, following John 15: 5, " I am the vine, ye are the branches ", but	but	CCONJ	this	DET	 this
In March 2006, Mills and McCartney travelled to Canada to bring attention to the country's annual seal hunt. Sponsored by the Humane Society of the United States, they complained that the hunt was inhumane, and called on the Canadian government to put an end to	to	ADP	it	PRON	 it
At that time, M 57 designation was originally used in Charlevoix County from Boyne Falls at M 13 (now US 131) through Boyne City and back to then M 13. That highway's number was changed to M 75 in 1926. By the next year	year	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
Quarterback Manuel completed two of those three pass attempts, gaining 37 yards and advancing deep into Virginia Tech territory. A pass interference penalty against Virginia Tech advanced the Seminoles to the Tech 11 yard line, and three rushing plays later, running back Ty Jones crossed the	the	DET	goal	NOUN	 goal
He then retired and took up a television and modelling career in the United States. After returning to Australia, he ran and owned Dunhill Management, one of the largest recruiting firms in the nation, with his brother. In 2001, the Kerry brothers sold Dunhill	Dunhill	PROPN	for	ADP	 for
Anderson was added to the cast in a bid to add more " sex appeal " to the show. She said it was her dream job and relocated to Sydney immediately to accommodate filming. The character made her on screen debut during the episode airing on 6 June	June	PROPN	2008	NUM	 2008
Brundage had been successful in a number of track and field events while at Illinois. In 1910, as a member of the Chicago Athletic Association (CAA), he finished third in the national all around championships (an American predecessor of the decathlon), sponsored	sponsored	VERB	by	ADP	 by
Summers though had travelled to Australia to extend his boxing campaign, and in the spring of 1914 Dyer decided to follow him abroad to challenge for his title. Dyer stopped off en route in South Africa to play music halls in a bid to help pay his fares	fares	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
The structure of the song is complex and, unlike other Malagasy musical styles, parallel thirds are not predominant in the harmony. Other Southern ethnic groups also perform simplified variations of the rija featuring for example a solo musician who strums rather than fiddles his accompanying instrument and	and	CCONJ	sings	NOUN	 sings
He attended the London premiere of Elgar's First Symphony, in 1908, and dined with the composer afterwards. Elgar later wrote to their mutual friend Frank Schuster that Fauré " was such a real gentleman – the highest kind of Frenchman and I admired him greatly.	.	PUNCT	"	PUNCT	 "
Upon returning home, Craig was unable to maintain the level of performances that he displayed in the previous Australian summer. In a season which contained no international cricket, he scored 395 runs at an average of 35.90 in eight matches, placing him 20th in the season	season	NOUN	's	PART	's
Already by 1769 – 71, both Austria and Prussia had annexed some border territories belonging to the Commonwealth. On 19 February 1772, the agreement of partition was signed in Vienna. A previous agreement between Prussia and Russia had been made in Saint Petersburg on 6 February	February	PROPN	1772	NUM	 1772
Saltonstall sent further reinforcements, but Abenaki raids in the area continued until 1727, when Grey Lock apparently tired of continuing the war without outside support. Embassies sent by Indian commissioners in Albany, New York and by eastern Abenaki leaders failed to make contact with the warrior	warrior	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
The temple's traditional identification with Saturn is purely hypothetical and has not generally been accepted. Volubilis also possessed at least three sets of public baths. Some mosaics can still be seen in the Baths of Gallienus, redecorated by that emperor in the 260s to become the	the	DET	city	NOUN	 city
Moving through Saranac Lake, the business and tourism anchor for the area, NY 86 is well marked, but follows local roads to an intersection with NY 3 in the village center. The routes briefly overlap before splitting at the northern edge of Lake Flower. East	East	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
Barbara Broccoli chose David Arnold to score Tomorrow Never Dies on a recommendation from prolific James Bond films composer John Barry. Arnold had come to Barry's attention through his successful cover interpretations in Shaken and Stirred: The David Arnold James Bond Project, which featured major artists	artists	NOUN	performing	VERB	 performing
The statement also criticizes the doctrine for failing to recognize the will of God: God's will should have precedence over the will of man, including their desires for wealth, and Christians should " recognize the sovereignty of God ". The statement further criticizes prosperity theology	theology	NOUN	for	ADP	 for
Midway through the song, Lil Wayne's verse contains a reference to rapper B.G.. Williams is the last artist to sing her solo lines, which were described as " the sexiest " by Rashod Ollisong of The Baltimore Sun. Stephen Thomas Erlewine from the website AllMusic	AllMusic	PROPN	described	VERB	 described
In general, the output of these blocks can not be used as the input unless it is captured by a register or state element which maintains its acyclic properties. Electronic circuit schematics either on paper or in a database are a form of directed acyclic graphs using instances	instances	NOUN	or	CCONJ	 or
At present, The Blyth Academy is one of three high schools in Blyth Valley. Opened on 1 September 2000 as Blyth Community College following the amalgamation of Ridley (formerly Newlands) and Tynedale high schools and built on the site of the latter, it is designed	designed	VERB	to	PART	 to
Other sources, however, define it simply as an inability to read in the context of normal intelligence, and distinguish between developmental dyslexia (a learning disorder) and acquired dyslexia (loss of the ability to read caused by brain damage). ICD 10, the	the	DET	manual	NOUN	 manual
Parliament enacted a series of measures to increase revenue from the colonies. Parliament believed that these acts, such as the Stamp Act of 1765 and the Townshend Acts of 1767, were a legitimate means of having the colonies pay their fair share of the costs to keep	keep	VERB	the	DET	 the
It received mostly positive reviews from critics for its storyline and entertaining cultural references. It was viewed by 9.66 million viewers in its original airing. The episode featured guest performances by Dave Boat, Carrie Fisher, Phil LaMarr, Rachael MacFarlane and Fred Tatasciore, along with	with	ADP	several	ADJ	 several
By converting 27 of 29 save opportunities prior to the All Star break, Nathan was selected as a reserve player for the American League in the 2008 Major League Baseball All Star Game. Nathan finished the year with 39 saves and a career best 1.33 ERA. He	He	PRON	also	ADV	 also
After completing it, she wrote to a friend: " I had put a good deal of my true self in it, as if, I suppose I went away now, the measure of my footprint would be left on earth. " The work discussed the	the	DET	role	NOUN	 role
The Cretaceous – Paleogene extinction event, during which the non avian dinosaurs became extinct, is the most well known, but the earlier Permian – Triassic extinction event was even more severe, with approximately 96% of all marine species driven to extinction. The Holocene extinction	extinction	NOUN	event	NOUN	 event
Irruptions (sudden population increases) can occur in some areas after rain or the movement of floodwaters. The black honeyeater feeds on nectar, probing flowers and foliage with its long fine bill. It is mainly found in the crowns of eucalypts, at clumps of mistletoe	mistletoe	NOUN	or	CCONJ	 or
John V. Orth, writing in the Constitutional Commentary, concurs, saying that " If that were so, why did they not say so? Is it likely that the royal judges, confronting a case involving a statute that had necessarily passed both houses of parliament and	and	CCONJ	received	VERB	 received
Love Händel made a cameo appearance in the season two episode " Thaddeus and Thor. " In this episode, Doofenshmirtz sings about his childhood to the tune of the song " Snuck Your Way into My Heart ", then introduces the band to finish the song.	.	PUNCT	He	PRON	 He
Falling back up to 31 miles (50 km) in some places, they took up positions along a series of heavily fortified, purpose built strong points which the Allies subsequently named the " Hindenburg Line ", which, due to the reduced frontage, enabled them	them	PRON	to	PART	 to
Solutions to this problem included the pop up Picket Hamilton fort — a light pillbox that could be lowered to ground level when the airfield was in use. Another innovation was a mobile pillbox that could be driven out onto the airfield. This was known as the Bison	Bison	PROPN	and	CCONJ	 and
She received her first kiss from him, but her infatuation with him began to wane as she questioned whether her feelings for him were genuine, or resulted from their shared confinement. Anne Frank formed a close bond with each of the helpers, and Otto Frank later	later	ADV	recalled	VERB	 recalled
According to Meguro, the songs " Pursuing My True Self " and " Reach Out to the Truth " were composed to reflect the inner conflicts of the game's main characters; the former song, used as the opening theme, helped to set an understanding of	of	ADP	the	DET	 the
" We had the greatest time in those markets " said Al Joulani. In September 2014, the North American leg of the tour was individually reported to Billboard Boxscore. Beyoncé and Jay Z landed atop of the Hot Tours chart with 19 sold out shows. The	The	DET	most	ADV	 most
In 1961, the city attempted to thwart blockbusting by erecting road barriers in Cascade Heights, countering the efforts of civic and business leaders to foster Atlanta as the " city too busy to hate ". Desegregation of the public sphere came in stages, with public transportation	transportation	NOUN	desegregated	VERB	 desegregated
Mainer took jobs at local radio stations to increase the visibility of his relative's ensemble, recording classics such as Take Me in the Lifeboat. During this time, he appeared on many regional stations including WBT in Charlotte, WPTF in Raleigh, WNOX in Knoxville and	and	CCONJ	WPAQ	PROPN	 WPAQ
Ferguson was zealous in execution of this assignment, raising nearly 1,100 men. However, he angered many colonists by issuing threats to " lay their country waste with fire and sword " if they continued their opposition, and a Patriot militia arose to oppose him. While	While	SCONJ	Ferguson	PROPN	 Ferguson
He also received assistance in collecting sources from a college friend, Middleton, and a Dr. Lembke. In contrast to the lengthy time spent researching the History of Ferdinand and Isabella, Prescott started drafting the History of the Conquest of Mexico in October 1839. However,	,	PUNCT	Prescott	PROPN	 Prescott
Olds himself shot down one of the seven, for which he and the other aircrew were awarded Silver Stars. Follow up interceptions over the next two days by MiGs against RF 4C reconnaissance aircraft led to a similar mission on a smaller scale on January 6, with	with	SCONJ	another	DET	 another
From the late 1930s Kenneth Clark became an unlikely but influential champion of Moore's work, and through his position as member of the Arts Council of Great Britain he secured exhibitions and commissions for the artist. Before the war, Moore had been approached by educator Henry	Henry	PROPN	Morris	PROPN	 Morris
This included a church in Smithfield and the Natural History Museum; in the latter's case, Campbell believed the location was " harking back " to traditional spy films. Filming there was expensive and management of the museum only allowed the crew to film for a few	few	ADJ	hours	NOUN	 hours
Having anticipated this decision, the enraged Strachan had resigned a year earlier to open Trinity College as a private Anglican seminary. University College was created as the nondenominational teaching branch of the University of Toronto. During the American Civil War, the threat of Union blockade on	on	ADP	British	PROPN	 British
The delay allowed another developer to announce an agreement to acquire the property. In March 1999, Chicago based developer the Barton Group announced its plan to build a 37 story, 322 unit luxury residential tower. The Barton Group's plan would also incorporate the PSFS headquarters	headquarters	NOUN	building	NOUN	 building
A full scale, 40 feet (12 m) version of the tower was built in the hangar; this model was used to film Conan and his companion's climb up the structure. The crew filmed several exterior scenes in the countryside near Madrid; the Cimmerian	Cimmerian	ADJ	village	NOUN	 village
In his debut game with the Falcons, Hester caught 5 passes for 99 yards, helping lead the Falcons to a 37 34 overtime victory over the New Orleans Saints. During Week 3, Hester brought back a 62 yard punt for his 20th career touchdown return,	,	PUNCT	breaking	VERB	 breaking
The trail was usable until 1939, due to the continuous recession of the Portage Glacier. The final party to attempt to use the trail that year was forced to climb 3,000 feet (910 m) up the Portage Shoulder to avoid the drop offs and crevasses that	that	PRON	had	AUX	 had
They filed for divorce in September 1981; she would later get all of his Senate pension income. During the 1980s, Gravel was a real estate developer in Anchorage and Kenai, Alaska, a consultant, and a stockbroker. One of his real estate ventures,	,	PUNCT	a	DET	 a
The defensive operation led to the destruction of the SS Volunteer Panzergrenadier Regiment 48 " General Seyffardt " due to tactical errors. The Soviet forces captured Narva on 26 July. The Soviet vanguard 201st and 256th Rifle Divisions attacked the Tannenberg Line and captured part of the Orphanage	Orphanage	PROPN	Hill	PROPN	 Hill
" Spacey also said that the hardest part was not laughing through takes, with Baldwin and Pollak being the worst culprits. Their goal was to get the usually serious Byrne to crack up. They spent all morning trying unsuccessfully to film the scene. At lunch a	a	DET	frustrated	ADJ	 frustrated
The game's first level depicts the protagonist repelling terrorist attacks on Washington, D.C., including the President's limousine. Subsequent levels depict counter attacks on the drug lord's forces, progressing towards his " jungle fortress ". In the game's penultimate level, the	the	DET	player	NOUN	 player
It featured the 2.4 L LE5 Ecotec engine with variable valve timing, making 171 hp at 5,600 rpm and 163 lb ft at 5000 rpm, later upped to 167 lb · ft (226 N · m) at 4500 rpm. The LE5 engine was new for	for	ADP	2006	NUM	 2006
His wife divorced him and he returned to Berlin. In May 1914, two months before war broke out, Lody was approached by German naval intelligence officials. He agreed to their proposal to employ him as a peacetime spy in southern France, but the outbreak of	of	ADP	the	DET	 the
Griffin dropped out of college and became, at the age of 19, the youngest ever member of a presidential staff. He worked as a White House Press Office manager for two years. There, he also acted as White House liaison to the 1995 film The	The	DET	American	ADJ	 American
As a nonprofit shelter, the Refuge is run mainly by volunteers who clean litter boxes, change food and water, wash dishes and blankets, sanitize areas and perform other duties. There are two shifts of at least two volunteers each, early morning and late afternoon	afternoon	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
This performance also earned him the NL Player of the Week honors for the week of July 5 – 11, 2010. In a July 10 game against the Washington Nationals, Posey was inserted into the Giants ' batting order as the clean up hitter, which became	became	VERB	his	PRON	 his
DKP systems were first designed for Everquest in 1999 by Thott as part of the creation of a guild called " Afterlife " and named for two dragons, Lady Vox and Lord Nagafen. Since then, it has been adapted for use in other similar online games,	,	PUNCT	in	ADP	 in
Henderson describes it as " an uncanny piercing tone that takes off, Eastern sounding beyond the range of the guitar " and, according to Shadwick, " gives the impression that the guitar notes are flying off into the ether. " On March 17, 1967,	,	PUNCT	"	PUNCT	 "
After Shepard's squad returns to the Normandy, the team uses the Omega 4 Relay to get to the Collector base, located in the Galactic Center. In the Collectors base, the team rescues any surviving members of the Normandy and fight their way to the central	central	ADJ	chamber	NOUN	 chamber
It is the Saskatchewan section of the Yellowhead Highway, and also the Trans Canada Highway Yellowhead section. The main purpose of this highway is to connect Saskatchewan with Canadian cities such as Edmonton and Winnipeg. The highway runs from the Alberta boundary in Lloydminster (50th Avenue	Avenue	PROPN	or	CCONJ	 or
The TV program was never produced, but in 1985, Simon and Schuster published Contact and Warner moved forward with development of a film adaptation. Coppola sought at least $250,000 in compensatory damages and an injunction against production or distribution of the film. In February 1998	1998	NUM	,	PUNCT	,
Detailed government " Creationism teaching guidance " for schools in England was published on September 18, 2007. It states that " Intelligent design lies wholly outside of science, " has no underpinning scientific principles, or explanations, and is not accepted by the science community as	as	ADP	a	DET	 a
These received similar treatment. It took Cromwell four years to complete the process. In 1539 he moved to the dissolution of the larger monasteries that had escaped earlier. Many houses gave up voluntarily, though some sought exemption by payment. When their houses were closed down	down	ADP	some	DET	 some
In 1998, a statue of Oscar Wilde was built at the junction of Adelaide Street and Duncannon Street, adjoining the western end of the Strand. The church of St Clement Danes is believed to date from the 9th century. The name may have come from Harold	Harold	PROPN	Harefoot	PROPN	 Harefoot
Austria's Brigitte Kindler equalised two minutes later from a penalty stroke, flicking the ball beyond Zimbabwean goalkeeper Sarah English into the top left corner of the goal. With the score 1 – 1 at half time, Brenda Phillips replaced Christine Prinsloo at right half. Urged	Urged	VERB	on	ADP	 on
Their supposed amphibious nature is supported by the discovery of a pregnant Maiacetus, in which the fossilised fetus was positioned for a head first delivery, suggesting that Maiacetus gave birth on land. If they gave birth in the water, the fetus would be positioned for a	a	DET	tail	ADJ	 tail
Two months later he was granted safe conduct out of the country, and flew to exile in Mexico. Immediately after the President announced his resignation, Díaz announced on the radio that he was taking over the presidency, and that the army would continue to fight against	against	ADP	the	DET	 the
The Chevron Corporation discovered the Adar Yale field in 1981, shortly before the start of the Second Sudanese Civil War (1983 – 2005). Soon after Chevron had suspended operations in 1984, Sudanese government troops began attacking civilian settlements in the area, burning the houses	houses	NOUN	and	CCONJ	 and
Alekhine's games have a higher percentage of wins than those of any other World Champion, and his drawn games are on average among the longest of all champions '. His desire to win extended beyond formal chess competition. When Fine beat him in some casual games	games	NOUN	in	ADP	 in
According to the " optimistic " historiographic tradition, Louis continued Casimir the Great's policy of preserving the unity of Poland against the separatist magnates of Greater Poland with the assistance of lords from Lesser Poland. John of Küküllő emphasized that Louis " ruled neither with passion,	,	PUNCT	nor	CCONJ	 nor
Chandler then took his son to see a psychiatrist called Dr. Mathis Abrams, and during the three hour session with the doctor, Jordan Chandler said he had had a sexual relationship with Jackson that went on for several months, and which included incidents of kissing, masturbation	masturbation	NOUN	and	CCONJ	 and
In 1937 – 38 she was reconstructed to serve as a dedicated training ship for naval cadets at the Arsenale di La Spezia: six boilers were removed and the remaining eight were converted to burn fuel oil which reduced her speed to 16 – 17 knots (30 –	–	PUNCT	31	NUM	 31
Although they were eliminated in the Champions League semi finals by the eventual champions, Inter Milan, Messi finished the season as top scorer, with eight goals, for the second consecutive year. As league top scorer in Spain and Europe with 34 goals, again tying	tying	VERB	Ronaldo	PROPN	 Ronaldo
Smyrna provided the main shipyard and base for the Aegean, with a secondary one at Stadeia, while the main base for operations in the Marmara Sea was Holkos, near Lampsakos across the Gallipoli peninsula. Despite their efforts, the Nicaean emperors failed to successfully challenge the	the	DET	Venetian	ADJ	 Venetian
The story primarily concerns the young and mysterious millionaire Jay Gatsby and his quixotic passion and obsession for the beautiful former debutante Daisy Buchanan. Considered to be Fitzgerald's magnum opus, The Great Gatsby explores themes of decadence, idealism, resistance to change, social upheaval,	,	PUNCT	and	CCONJ	 and
Lyell and Hooker agreed that a joint publication putting together Wallace's pages with extracts from Darwin's 1844 Essay and his 1857 letter to Gray should be presented at the Linnean Society, and on 1 July 1858, the papers entitled On the Tendency of Species to form	form	VERB	Varieties	NOUN	 Varieties
In 1954, Shostakovich wrote the Festive Overture, opus 96, that was used as the theme music for the 1980 Summer Olympics. In addition his ' " Theme from the film Pirogov, Opus 76a: Finale " was played as the cauldron was lit at the	the	DET	2004	NUM	 2004
In some areas, it may be an insufficiency of suitable nesting sites that is the factor limiting barn owl numbers. The provision of nest boxes under the eaves of buildings and in other locations can be very successful in increasing the local population. In Malaysia, large	large	ADJ	areas	NOUN	 areas
In addition, the patient should ideally be free of pain, paraesthesia, able to chew and taste and be pleased with the esthetics. The rates of complications vary by implant use and prosthetic type and are listed below: Implant survival: 96.8 percent Crown fracture:	:	PUNCT	a	DET	 a
The Meermin was built for use as a slave ship in the VOC's African trade; between 1658 and 1799 the VOC acquired and transported 63,000 slaves to its Cape Colony, now part of South Africa. The ship began her maiden voyage at Texel, an island	island	NOUN	off	ADP	 off
Marion gave in, and put him in for a home game on May 6 against the Philadelphia Athletics. On a rainy night before a crowd of 2,473 at Sportsman's Park, Holloman threw a no hitter in his first major league start. He had two hits	hits	NOUN	as	ADP	 as
" Ramsey Isler of IGN reiterated his own enjoyment of the premise of the episode, but went on to state, " While I can appreciate the point that good comedy does take a certain degree of wit and cleverness, this just wasn't a very satisfying end	end	NOUN	to	ADP	 to
In the early 21st century the service sector was the country's largest, followed by industry (mining and manufacturing) and agriculture. In 2008 GDP was estimated at $382.3 billion ($842 billion PPP), or $5,470 per capita ($12,800 PPP	PPP	PROPN	)	PUNCT	)
In the United States, DGC issued " Heart Shaped Box " to college, modern rock, and album oriented rock radio stations in early September 1993. There were no plans to release a single for the song domestically. At the time, Geffen Records ' head	head	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
Some of the last built 747 400s were delivered with Dreamliner livery along with the modern Signature interior from the Boeing 777. A total of 694 of the 747 400 series aircraft were delivered. At various times, the largest 747 400 operator has included Singapore Airlines,	,	PUNCT	Japan	PROPN	 Japan
Early on September 17, the JTWC began issuing advisories on Tropical Depression 16W. Located within a weak steering environment, the storm executed a clockwise loop while quickly strengthening. Several hours after the JTWC issued their first advisory, the JMA upgraded the system to a tropical storm	storm	NOUN	and	CCONJ	 and
Abu Ali Iyad refused to do so, however, and he and his Tiger Cubs stayed put in their Ajlun base where they continued to fight the Jordanian Army. On July 12, King Hussein ordered the evacuation of all guerrilla forces from the strategic mountain in the	the	DET	center	NOUN	 center
Christie suggested that even if the entire line were not to be built, the first stage between Cronulla, the Airport and the City would provide " essential capacity relief " for the Illawarra line which would be " severely capacity constrained " within two decades. Both heavy	heavy	ADJ	rail	NOUN	 rail
At the second Bayreuth Festival Parsifal was performed 16 times; at the last performance on 29 August, Wagner himself conducted the final scene. Cosima wrote afterwards of how different the orchestra and singers sounded under Wagner. Overall, she and Wagner were entirely satisfied with the	the	DET	outcome	NOUN	 outcome
But I thought they did it very, very well ". Many critics expressed that because of the episode, they couldn't wait for the following season to begin. IGN's Ramsey Isler rated the episode 9.2 / 10, while website blogger io9 listed " There	There	PRON	's	VERB	's
Of these various incidents, the English's massacring French prisoners at the Battle of Agincourt and the starvation of the people of Rouen during a siege are mentioned. They finally arrive at Chinon where they are able to find the French court. When Joan comes to speak	speak	VERB	with	ADP	 with
Tracking northward, it began to lose tropical characteristics. On September 20, the system affected Britain with high winds and heavy rain as an extratropical cyclone. During Gordon's passage through Britain, 120,000 homes were left without power after winds of 80 mph (130 km	km	NOUN	/	SYM	 /
The video gaming website 1UP.com composed a list of the " Top 5 ' Late to the Party ' Games " showing selected titles that " prove a gaming platform's untapped potential " and were one of the last games released for their respective console. Red and Blue	Blue	PROPN	were	AUX	 were
Behind him a few feet near the corner of C. S. Fly's boarding house was Wyatt. Morgan Earp was standing on Fremont Street to Wyatt's right, and Doc Holliday anchored the end of their line in Fremont Street, a few feet to Morgan's right	right	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
In March 2009, the Navy renewed the contract with Lockheed to build its second LCS, the Fort Worth. Around 1997, the United States Coast Guard (USCG) determined that its fleet of open ocean (" deepwater ") ships and aircraft needed to be	be	AUX	replaced	VERB	 replaced
Some areas of the state resisted the change. Notably, in 1956, when nine black students in Sturgis, Kentucky attempted to enter previously all white Sturgis High School, they were blocked by 500 opponents of integration. On September 4, 1956, Chandler called out	out	ADP	the	DET	 the
They arrange a date, Chandler unsuspecting that it is a plot to get revenge. After convincing him to wear her panties, Susie leaves him wearing nothing but the panties in a bathroom stall in the restaurant where they were having dinner. Meanwhile, Monica (Courteney	Courteney	PROPN	Cox	PROPN	 Cox
To verify these assumptions, the NATD filmed hundreds of takeoffs and landings aboard Akagi in October – November 1938 and decided to move the island over to the starboard side and further forward, about one third of the length from the bow. Shōkaku was the furthest advanced	advanced	VERB	by	ADP	 by
The station is on the South Wales Main Line from London to Swansea, 111 miles 68 chains (180.01 km) from the eastern terminus at London Paddington. It is also on the Cross Country Route from Bristol Temple Meads to York. Just to the west of	of	ADP	the	DET	 the
This rarefaction wave travels back up the tube (image 2). The rarefaction is reflected off the sloping end wall of the clarinet mouthpiece. The opening between the reed and the mouthpiece makes very little difference to the reflection of the rarefaction wave. This is because	because	SCONJ	the	DET	 the
He was 8th in 1962 and runner up in 1963. Clint Castleberry was the only freshman in the history of the Heisman to finish as high as third until Herschel Walker's third place finish in 1980. Castleberry and Walker, however, were both surpassed in 2004	2004	NUM	by	ADP	 by
Hicks had previously decided to send the Staffords on the second lift to join their battalion fighting in Arnhem, while he also sent the 11th Parachute Battalion on the same lift to support 1st Parachute Brigade. The KOSB, until then responsible for defending the landing ground,	,	PUNCT	were	AUX	 were
The Yankees swept the series from Pittsburgh. After pitching a three hit shutout against the Red Sox on August 12, 1928, he missed the remainder of the season, including the 1928 World Series, with an arm injury. His five shutouts and 0.085 home runs	runs	NOUN	per	ADP	 per
In the last instrumental section, Harrison incorporates the conclusion of Lao Tzu's poem, beginning with the line " Arrive without travelling ". The melody conforms to the pitches of Mixolydian mode, or its Indian equivalent, the Khamaj thaat. Musicologist Dominic Pedler writes that	that	SCONJ	the	DET	 the
The newspaper did not publish an edition on 3 April. Al Jamri acknowledged that the reports identified in Bahrain TV show were false, but said he and his staff did not " knowingly [publish] false information ". The ban was lifted a day later after	after	SCONJ	al	PROPN	 al
Two days before the program's approval, Nathaniel Davis, the Assistant Secretary of State, told Henry Kissinger, the Secretary of State, that he believed maintaining the secrecy of IA Feature would be impossible. Davis correctly predicted the Soviet Union would respond by increasing involvement	involvement	NOUN	in	ADP	 in
Fifty women joined the new sorority in the first rush in the fall of 1993. The Kappa Delta Epsilon physical plant was extensively remodeled by the college during the summer of 2003. The remodeled building contains a main meetings room, kitchen, two bedrooms and a back	back	ADJ	porch	NOUN	 porch
Even Swift's satire of Wood's character is based on actual evidence and added very little to what Wood provided the public through his words and actions. Although the Drapier emphasises Wood's involvement and not the king's, glosses of the first letter reveal allusions to	to	ADP	Wood	PROPN	 Wood
These incidents showed that Nakagawa was willing to ignore the laws of war. Following World War II, several searches of the waters around North Stradbroke and Moreton Islands failed to reveal Centaur's location. It was believed that she had sunk off the edge of the continental	continental	ADJ	shelf	NOUN	 shelf
Following the performance, Carey gained heavy media coverage for her apparent weight gain, leading many to suspect her pregnancy with husband Nick Cannon. Aside from the several live televised performances, Carey included " Hero " on the set lists on all of her tours, usually	usually	ADV	serving	VERB	 serving
The feud is also linked to male virility, as the numerous jokes about maidenheads aptly demonstrate. Juliet also submits to a female code of docility by allowing others, such as the Friar, to solve her problems for her. Other critics, such as Dympna Callaghan	Callaghan	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
Part of the first generation raised under French colonization, Rabearivelo grew up impoverished and failed to complete secondary education. His passion for French literature and traditional Malagasy poetry prompted him to read extensively and educate himself on a variety of subjects, including the French language and its	its	PRON	poetic	ADJ	 poetic
Pennsylvania arrived on 24 October only after a torturous journey, which saw the ship lose all but one of its remaining propeller shafts while taking on water through the temporary patch put over the torpedo hole in Guam. With the Japanese surrender on 2 September, the Puget	Puget	PROPN	Sound	PROPN	 Sound
' We booted a gang of them into the human sea. " Bruce also recounts that their set had multiple technical problems, and the audience was not allowed to get close to the stage, which made the duo feel less connected with them. The group's	's	PART	2009	NUM	 2009
She was launched on 22 March 1921 and commissioned on 30 August 1923, Captain R. R. Belknap in command. During her career, Colorado was involved in various ceremonies and fleet exercises, and assisted Long Beach residents following an earthquake there in 1933. In 1937,	,	PUNCT	she	PRON	 she
In March 2001, Aaliyah finished recording the album after having filmed her part in Queen of the Damned for four months, which ultimately delayed the album's release. In Australia, she also did a photo shoot for Aaliyah with photographers Jeff Dunas, Jonathan Mannion,	,	PUNCT	David	PROPN	 David
Mason, who may have been angry that Lee had not been chosen, refused on the ground that he was needed at home, and did not feel he could resign from the General Assembly without permission from his constituents. Lee was elected in his place. This	This	PRON	did	AUX	 did
" The Phillies didn't know the reason for the chants, but in the Mets ' dugout, bench coach Ken Oberkfell told Manager Terry Collins that al Qaeda leader Osama bin Laden, the mastermind of the September 11 attacks, had been killed by United States special	special	ADJ	operations	NOUN	 operations
This must go further than the mere " hope " that the beneficiary (again I believe this should read " trustee " - the beneficiary is the passive party to a trust) of the will will act in accordance with its terms. The requirements for a half	half	ADJ	secret	ADJ	 secret
He entered the 2006 NHL Entry Draft having been ranked 23rd overall among prospects playing in North America by the NHL Central Scouting Bureau. He was chosen 14th overall by the Vancouver Canucks. Grabner was admittedly surprised to be chosen in that position of the draft, as	as	SCONJ	he	PRON	 he
Since then the school has grown to approximately 350 students. The college eschews federal financial aid and is therefore relieved from Department of Education reporting requirements on demographic makeup of its student body and from other federal reporting requirements. The school does not ask for race on applications	applications	NOUN	so	SCONJ	 so
In August 1829, Wellington reported to court diarist Charles Greville that Victoria, then ten years old, had caught Conroy and her mother engaged in " some familiarities ". Victoria told her governess, Baroness Lehzen, who in turn told Madame de Spaeth, one of	of	ADP	the	DET	 the
Gowing was based at Linacre College. Her appointment, Roy MacLeod wrote, " struck a conspicuous blow for modern, as against medieval and early modern, science, and for a reading of history that favoured social, economic and political perspectives, as against the examination	examination	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
More than 16.5 million children are in employment. India was ranked 88 out of 159 countries in 2005, according to the degree to which corruption is perceived to exist among public officials and politicians. The year 1990 – 1991 was declared as the " Year of Social	Social	PROPN	Justice	PROPN	 Justice
Zappa said many years later that Wilson signed the group to a record deal in the belief that they were a white blues band. The album features Zappa on vocals and guitar, along with lead vocalist / tambourine player Ray Collins, bass player / vocalist Roy Estrada	Estrada	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
Max is initially highly defensive of her, but after a stern talking to by Abra, and being implored to do the right thing by Kyla, Max admits to his social worker that his foster mother is frequently neglectful. Kyla is delighted when he finally asks to	to	PART	come	VERB	 come
When the Republicans in June 1896 nominated former Ohio Governor William McKinley for president and passed at his request a platform strongly supporting " sound money " (the gold standard unless modified by international agreement), a number of " Silver Republicans " walked out of the convention	convention	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
Temples in desert areas could be covered by drifts of sand, while those near the Nile, particularly in Lower Egypt, were often completely buried under layers of river borne silt. Thus, some major temple sites like Memphis were reduced to ruin, while many temples	temples	NOUN	far	ADV	 far
A different connection is mentioned in the medieval Life of St. Wigstan, which asserts that the " B " and " W " families were related. Known descendants of Wiglaf include his son, Wigmund, and his grandson, Wigstan, both of whom share the "	"	PUNCT	Wig-	PROPN	 Wig-
The first principal keeper was James Ewing who looked after the light for the next eleven years. Despite the exceptionally adverse conditions faced by the keepers, which resulted in them receiving additional payments in kind, Ewing was not the only one who served the light for a	a	DET	decade	NOUN	 decade
It was Bellerophon's last seagoing service. She was paid off and converted to a prison ship in 1815, and was renamed Captivity in 1824 to free the name for another ship. Moved to Plymouth in 1826, she continued in service until 1834, when the	the	DET	last	ADJ	 last
Homs is also home to several large public heavy industries, such as the oil refinery west of the city which opened in 1959. A fertilizer plant was built in 1971 to process phosphates from their deposits near Palmyra; the fertilizer is for domestic consumption and export.	.	PUNCT	A	DET	 A
Dil Raju acquired the Nizam regional rights for ₹ 140 million, one of the highest prices paid for Nizam rights to a film. Bhopal Reddy acquired the Karnataka regional distribution rights for ₹ 60 million. The film's theatrical rights were sold for a total of ₹	₹	NOUN	540	NUM	 540
In the second quarter, Arizona outscored Nevada 21 10. Taking advantage of two Nevada turnovers, an interception thrown by Cody Fajardo and a fumble by Stefphon Jefferson, Arizona was able to tie the game at 21 with one yard touchdown runs by Matt Scott and Carey	Carey	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
This song's success led to the release of McBride & the Ride's 1991 debut album Burnin ' Up the Road, on which McBride co wrote all but one of the songs. The last single from this album, " Same Old Star, " peaked at	at	ADP	number	NOUN	 number
Although Devis is not the sharpest investigator, his heart is in the right place and he is fiercely loyal to Spring. Overweight, sexist and bigoted, five times married Devis is the series ' main comedy element and frequently gets the best lines. Pal Kenzy (	(	PUNCT	Linda	PROPN	Linda
Suspended between the beams of the bridge were 1 mile (1.6 km) of 30 inch (76 cm) water mains pipes and 0.5 miles (800 m) of 10.5 inch (27 cm) gas and drainage pipes. Footpaths 8 feet (2.4 m)	)	PUNCT	wide	ADV	 wide
They escape Bratislava while being pursued by the KGB, crossing over the border into Austria. Meanwhile, Pushkin meets with arms dealer Brad Whitaker in Tangier, informing him that the KGB is cancelling an arms deal previously arranged between Koskov and Whitaker. During his brief tryst	tryst	NOUN	with	ADP	 with
VAT's positioning in the heavy vehicle market strengthened in 1950 and the company started producing bus chassis. The same year, VAT introduced a new product family — the VK series. Production was disrupted by a three month strike, as a result of which completion of	of	ADP	some	PRON	 some
Building upon Zhu Xi's concept of the " extension of knowledge " (理學 or 格物致知), gaining understanding through careful and rational investigation of things and events, Wang argued that universal concepts would appear in the minds of anyone. Therefore, he claimed that anyone	anyone	PRON	–	PUNCT	 –
In a detailed description of the piece, Us Weekly wrote, " The stunning image — captioned ' Where a world of adventure awaits ' — shows the 23 year old Grammy winner perched on the window ledge of a moss covered stone tower. A pink petticoat peeks	peeks	VERB	out	ADP	 out
The specimen became the first dinosaur skeleton to be mounted for exhibition in a Canadian museum. Gilmore found that his new species compared closely to what he called Thespesius annectens, but left the two apart because of details of the arms and hands. He also noted that	that	SCONJ	his	PRON	 his
Since Aberdeen's re emergence as one of the top teams in Scotland, Aberdeen's rivalry with Celtic has increased both competitively and between supporters. There have been minor incidents at games, mainly relating to political disturbances by Celtic supporters at games between the clubs, including	including	VERB	the	DET	 the
Although the Eighth United States Army's US 24th Infantry Division was in Japan and was available to respond to the situation, cuts in military spending after the end of World War II meant that the overall strength of the US military in the Far East was limited and	and	CCONJ	the	DET	 the
" Pretty on the Inside has had an influence on multiple alternative rock acts, being specifically mentioned by Spinnerette frontwoman Brody Dalle in an interview as a seminal album in the development of her music. British rock band Nine Black Alps also noted the album as a major	major	ADJ	influence	NOUN	 influence
In 1173, more than two years after the murder of Becket, King Henry II of England decided to fill the vacant archbishopric of Canterbury; there were two candidates: Richard, and Odo, prior of Canterbury. Previously, Roger, the abbot of Bec Abbey	Abbey	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
305 – 306), nor anything like it, recorded. " Citing the etymology of her name, 19th century scholar Guðbrandur Vigfússon theorizes that Sif " betokens mother earth with her golden sheaves of grain; she was the goddess of the sanctity of the family and	and	CCONJ	wedlock	NOUN	 wedlock
Soon the Southern Illinois Railway and Power company was bought by the Central Illinois Public Service Company. The inter urban line was abandoned in 1933 after 20 years of service. After the decommission of the Interurban line, Harrisburg opened the Harrisburg Dorrisville Bus Co., which was	was	AUX	a	DET	 a
Kannada writings by Jain authors thus used impressive Sanskrit derived verses interspersed with prose to extol the virtues of their patron kings, who were often compared to heroes from the Hindu epics. While Adikavi Pampa (Pampa Bharata, 941) compared his patron, the feudatory Chalukya	Chalukya	PROPN	King	PROPN	 King
Alonso and Vettel made simultaneous pit stops on the following lap; Alonso retained his lead despite Vettel's pit crew completing their pit stop first; Vettel avoided stalling and drove away in second gear. With newer tyres which provided more grip, Vettel recorded faster lap times	times	NOUN	than	ADP	 than
(Reinforcements from such countries as Australia, Canada, Greece, New Zealand, Turkey, and the United Kingdom took much longer to arrive from overseas.) The goal of American armed forces was to reinforce the remnants of the South Korean Army in fighting back the	the	DET	North	ADJ	 North
A core of around 30 protesters ensured that there were always people staying there (a legal requirement for a squatted home, as well as a defence against eviction). They were finally evicted on 21 June 1995, whereupon, as at Claremont Road, the building	building	NOUN	was	AUX	 was
Losses in this action were 20 Japanese and 3 Marines killed. Small Allied naval convoys arrived at Guadalcanal on 23 August, 29 August, 1 September, and 8 September to provide the Marines at Lunga with more food, ammunition, aircraft fuel, and aircraft technicians	technicians	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
In 2000, the organization investigated the case of Raynard Johnson, who was found hanged by a belt from a tree in front of his home in Kokomo, Mississippi. Jackson labelled it a " lynching ", although two autopsies both concluded that the death was a	a	DET	suicide	NOUN	 suicide
" Vincent Canby of The New York Times called the film " both numbing and impressive. " David Denby of New York magazine felt that the film would not make sense to viewers who had not previously read the book. Denby wrote that the film was too dark	dark	ADJ	and	CCONJ	 and
The entirety of this routing had previously been part of NY 33, which was truncated westward to downtown Rochester as part of NY 441's assignment. NY 441 was cut back to NY 350 in Walworth by 1970. The divided highway that now carries NY 441 through	through	ADP	Brighton	PROPN	 Brighton
Among the Naruto reader base, Gaara has been popular, placing high in several popularity polls, and always making it to the top ten characters. Numerous pieces of merchandise have been released in Gaara's likeness, including plush dolls, key chains and action figures.	.	PUNCT	Naruto	ADJ	 Naruto
The fingerlike pinnae are pinnately divided into short stalked pinnules. However, this interpretation of the frond architecture (pedately divided into pinnae, then pinnately divided into pinnules) presents a problem: no other species of Adiantum, nor any other member of the Polypodiaceae sensu lato	lato	PROPN	(	PUNCT	 (
These large sections were the fuselage, tail assembly, outer left wing, and the inner left wing. The mangled bodies of all 37 deceased were located within the wrecked fuselage that had rolled into a deep ravine. The sides of the ravine were so steep that	that	SCONJ	rescuers	NOUN	 rescuers
Directed by German Expressionist filmmaker Paul Leni, the film stars Laura La Plante as Annabelle West, Forrest Stanley as Charles " Charlie " Wilder, and Creighton Hale as Paul Jones. The plot revolves around the death of Cyrus West, who is Annabelle, Charlie,	,	PUNCT	and	CCONJ	 and
The Kinks embarked on their tour of the US in October 1969. The tour was generally unsuccessful, as the group struggled to find cooperative promoters and interested audiences; many of the scheduled concert dates were cancelled. The band did, however, manage to play a	a	DET	few	ADJ	 few
Rough terrain west of Masan limited the choice of the positions. The mountain group west of Masan was the first readily defensible ground east of the Chinju pass. The 2,000 foot (610 m) mountain ridges of Sobuk san dominated the area and protected the Komam ni	ni	PROPN	Haman	PROPN	 Haman
The Glee take on Bieber's songs was praised, as were the vocals of cast members Amber Riley and Lea Michele in their duet of " Take Me or Leave Me " from Rent, and the confidence and performance of Ashley Fink in " I Know What Boys	Boys	NOUN	Like	ADP	 Like
Nevertheless, Estonian Prime Minister Andrus Ansip said after the summit that he had discussed Georgia's membership with US president Bush on 28 November. He further added that in his view Georgia had " very good chances " to join NATO if the planned reforms would continue and	and	CCONJ	that	SCONJ	 that
Unusually for an aircraft accident investigation, the investigative committee was not provided information as to the identities of the flight crew of the aircraft. The safety record of Adam Air was heavily criticised, especially in the aftermath of Flight 574. Pilots reported repeated and deliberate breaches	breaches	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
They are more likely to charge the enemy and destroy the enemies in the path. They may or may not stop if the charging armies morale drops to losing. More chances they'll stop and stay where they are, or they'll flee back to the ally	ally	NOUN	side	NOUN	 side
When his poem " Night Piece " was attacked by William Kenrick in Kapelion, or Poetical Ordinary, possibly out of a prearranged publicity stunt, Smart used The Midwife in December, 1750, to attack back at Kenrick and promised an Old Woman's Dunciad to be	be	AUX	written	VERB	 written
The Beatles wrote many songs during their visit to Rishikesh: 30 by one count, and " 48 songs in seven weeks " by others. Lennon said: " We wrote about thirty new songs between us. Paul must have done about a dozen. George says	says	VERB	he	PRON	 he
Those earnings were a record that remained unbroken for nineteen years, which is also the longest amount of time that a film has held the record. Its original gross was increased further with re releases during the late 1970s, 1980s, 1990s, and early 2000s.	.	PUNCT	It	PRON	 It
Johnson himself, however, became much more than a friend; she described him in her letters as a father and a brother. While in London, Wollstonecraft pursued a relationship with the artist Henry Fuseli, even though he was already married. She was, she	she	PRON	wrote	VERB	 wrote
His model of Sheridan was eventually cast in 1916 and stands in front of the New York State Capitol. Gutzon Borglum had closely followed the events surrounding Ward's procrastination and firing as the two men had an argumentative past. Borglum was convinced he could do a better	better	ADJ	job	NOUN	 job
For these operations, Barbey was awarded the Navy Distinguished Service Medal. His citation read: The President of the United States of America takes pleasure in presenting the Navy Distinguished Service Medal to Rear Admiral Daniel Edward Barbey (NSN: 0 – 7930), United States	States	PROPN	Navy	PROPN	 Navy
Further inspiration for the album came from Madonna's exploration of other cultures and art, literature, and music, referencing them in the songs. She believed that the tracks should stand on their own, so that one could sing them accompanied with just a guitar.	.	PUNCT	Madonna	PROPN	 Madonna
In 2006, underground cables were installed to form a ‘ mini grid ’ between the farmhouse, workshops and the fog horn keeper's cottage. This was powered with a (13.5 kW) inverter / charger system located at the farmhouse with the farmhouse diesel generator as	as	ADP	back	ADV	 back
Before the 1935 – 36 season, the team had been appointed by a committee and the team was coached by a " secretary " to the committee. The relegation though was largely due a dismal defensive record, they conceded 110 goals, 7 of them coming from	from	ADP	Arsenal	PROPN	 Arsenal
At first they were unenthusiastic, but were persuaded to publish on the recommendation of Fleming's older brother, Peter, an established travel writer whose books they managed. Although Fleming provided no dates within his novels, two writers have identified different timelines based on events and	and	CCONJ	situations	NOUN	 situations
Swedish crews lacked the level of professionalism of Danish and Norwegian sailors, who often had experience from service in the Dutch merchant navy, and the Swedish Navy lacked a core of professional officers while the Danish had seasoned veterans like Cort Adeler and Nils Juel. The Danish	Danish	ADJ	fleet	NOUN	 fleet
Another prefecture, the Jinman Bridle Prefecture, was created for the Chuyue tribes living in the southern Dzungar basin. The Amu Darya valley, the Tarim Basin, and the area beyond the Pamir Mountains, all former suzerains of the Western Turks, were placed under Tang	Tang	PROPN	control	NOUN	 control
I 69 carries the Lake Huron Circle Tour in the Port Huron area and the I 69 Recreational Heritage Route from the Indiana state line north to the Calhoun – Eaton county line. I 69 in Michigan begins at the Indiana state line southeast of Kinderhook and just north	north	ADV	of	ADP	 of
Nickelodeon animation president Brown Johnson said " Over the past decade, SpongeBob has become one of the most beloved characters in television history [...] And we're excited to cap off the year's celebration with this star studded special anniversary event. " Andrew Overtoom,	,	PUNCT	Alan	PROPN	 Alan
The structure of a plant, its branching and leaf arrangement may also be evolved to reduce herbivore impact. The shrubs of New Zealand have evolved special wide branching adaptations believed to be a response to browsing birds such as the moas. Similarly, African Acacias have long	long	ADJ	spines	NOUN	 spines
The liner passes the Statue of Liberty and leaves New York Harbor. After some time, a German submarine cuts through the waters and fires a torpedo at the Lusitania, which billows smoke that builds until it envelops the screen. Passengers scramble to lower lifeboats, some	some	PRON	of	ADP	 of
Another reviewer praised the score, book, direction and, particularly, Porter, before suggesting that, before opening on Broadway, it could use a more effective opening number, better pacing in Act 2 and " the budding romance between Charlie and coworker Lauren... needs	needs	VERB	more	ADJ	 more
This was Zappa's home for the rest of his life. Despite being a success with fans in Europe, the Mothers of Invention were not faring well financially. Their first records were vocally oriented, but Zappa wrote more instrumental jazz and classical oriented music for the	the	DET	band	NOUN	 band
" Despite the tensions on the set, Cooper produced " one of his best performances ", according to Thornton Delehanty of the New York Evening Post. In 1931, after returning to the Western genre in Zane Grey's Fighting Caravans with French actress Lili Damita,	,	PUNCT	Cooper	PROPN	 Cooper
On June 12, 2015, Judge Robert E. Morin set the retrial of Guandique for March 1, 2016 but in March, the trial date was moved to October 11, 2016. In November 2015, prosecutors told a D.C. Superior Court judge that their office failed	failed	VERB	to	PART	 to
The two types of play also feature different arrays of performers. Martial plays predominantly feature young sheng, jing, and chou, while civil plays have a greater need for older roles and dan. In addition to being civil or martial, plays are also classified as	as	ADP	either	PRON	 either
They were required to hire an outside auditor to ensure compliance with the terms of the settlement. In 2006, Cracker Barrel paid a $2 million settlement to end a lawsuit alleging race and sexual harassment at three Illinois restaurants. Cracker Barrel stores subsequently began displaying a	a	DET	sign	NOUN	 sign
To encourage drinking, owners may add electrolytes to the feed, additives to make the water especially palatable (such as apple juice), or, when it is cold, to warm the water so that it is not at a near freezing temperature. Ponies and	and	CCONJ	miniature	ADJ	 miniature
" Rowland debuted " Commander " live at Cathy Guetta's Fuck Me I'm Famous party in Miami, as part of Winter Music Conference on March 27, 2010. Immediately after the performance she said, " I was nervous and anxious, but when I hit	hit	VERB	the	DET	 the
A complicating factor was that the battleships could not traverse the Suez Canal fully laden, so they would have to refuel on the other side. Singapore was to have storage for 1,250,000 long tons (1,270,000 t) of oil. Secret bases were established at Kamaran Bay	Bay	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
It was considered the worst flood in the region since Hurricane Diane in 1955, and was caused partially because falling leaves clogged drains. Damages to boats were severe; hundreds of small boats were destroyed, while many larger boats were damaged. In addition, the lobster	lobster	NOUN	industry	NOUN	 industry
The liver enzymes are normal in 7 – 53%. Late relapses after apparent cure have been reported, but these can be difficult to distinguish from reinfection. Fatty changes to the liver occur in about half of those infected and are usually present before cirrhosis develops.	.	PUNCT	Usually	ADV	 Usually
As a worker of the firm, Crusoe will collect wages, as a shareholder, he will collect profits and as a consumer, he will decide how much of the firm's output to purchase according to his income and the prevailing market prices. Let's assume	assume	VERB	that	SCONJ	 that
They dictate many aspects of student life, including how to greet others (using the official school greeting " Howdy! "), how to act at an A & M sporting event, and often, what words a student may use in conversation. A visible	visible	ADJ	designation	NOUN	 designation
In the Official Centenary History it was noted that " it is too perhaps too much to expect, even from the stoical discipline of old Blues, a unanimous acquiescence in a verdict of " dead heat, " for no conclusion could be more unsatisfactory to the competitors	competitors	NOUN	themselves	PRON	 themselves
Pressure from the public and victims ' families prompted the chief coroner of the province to launch an inquiry, which produced recommendations to improve student transport safety in New Brunswick. The provincial government agreed with the majority of the suggestions and has since enacted many of them.	.	PUNCT	The	DET	 The
" After his retirement, he began abusing drugs on a regular basis. He went through drug rehab twice in 1995, only to later be arrested twice over a three year span for attempting to buy cocaine from undercover police officers. During this period, he lived	lived	VERB	almost	ADV	 almost
Red Flag exercises at Wendover were discontinued after 1986. The U.S. Air Force relinquished the remainder of Decker Field to the town of Wendover in 1992. As of 2015, this former Air Force Base is used as a civil airport, with an unusually long runway for	for	ADP	such	DET	 such
Forming out of a tropical wave on September 1, 1973, Delia gradually strengthened into a tropical storm as it moved north by September 3. After reaching this strength, the storm turned more westward and further intensified, nearly attaining hurricane status the next day. The	The	DET	storm	NOUN	 storm
Already Defense and Foreign Minister, Badr became acting Prime Minister and Interior Minister as well. Despite being Crown Prince, al Badr still needed to be picked by the Ulema in San ' a. Al Badr was not popular with the Ulema due to his association with Nasser	Nasser	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
Later that year, Michelle Davies became Albion's first female director. She, however, has since stepped down from this position. Jeremy Peace announced in June 2008 that he was looking for a major new investor for the club, but no firm proposals were received	received	VERB	by	ADP	 by
The Naval Academy wore maroon socks, caps, and belts, with white pants and jerseys. Both teams also nailed strips of leather to the bottom of their shoes to help deal with slipping. The Naval Academy challenged Johns Hopkins again the next year. By this	this	DET	time	NOUN	 time
It was written by Kesha Sebert, Lukasz Gottwald and Claude Kelly and it was produced by Dr. Luke with vocal editing done by Emily Wright. It was released as the fourth and final single from the album on July 13, 2010. " Take It Off "	"	PUNCT	'	PUNCT	 '
Both names were retained, often in separate genera (Ginglymostoma and Nebrius respectively), until they were synonymized by Leonard Compagno in 1984. Compagno recognized that the tooth shape differences used to separate these species were the result of differences in age, with N. concolor representing	representing	VERB	younger	ADJ	 younger
Veteran voice actor Nolan North, who portrays protagonist Nathan Drake in Naughty Dog's Uncharted series, was chosen to play the role of David in the game. When approached by Druckmann about the role, North immediately accepted the part, appreciating its diversity from his previous	previous	ADJ	acting	NOUN	 acting
On 4 March 1918, company cook Albert Gitchell reported sick at Fort Riley, Kansas. By noon on 11 March 1918, over 100 soldiers were in the hospital. Within days, 522 men at the camp had reported sick. By 11 March 1918 the virus	virus	NOUN	had	AUX	 had
The side judge is positioned twenty yards downfield of the head linesman. He mainly duplicates the functions of the back judge. The line judge is positioned on the end of the line of scrimmage, opposite the head linesman. He supervises player substitutions, the line of	of	ADP	scrimmage	NOUN	 scrimmage
The script serves as a criticism of people who take such works of pop culture too seriously. Although this is demonstrated specifically through literary criticism in the episode, the theme can be extended to film criticism and television criticism as well. The episode suggests people are so	so	ADV	desperate	ADJ	 desperate
Because of the success of both versions, " I Heard It Through the Grapevine " was the first and last number one on the Billboard R & B chart in 1968: the Pips version was the first week of January, the Gaye version the last week of	of	ADP	December	PROPN	 December
A Company continued to attack against heavy opposition and indirect fire, slowly pushing the Chinese defenders back. Later, a platoon was detached to assist C Company consolidate the defence of Maryang San following its capture, while the remaining two platoons were withdrawn rearwards, again under	under	ADP	heavy	ADJ	 heavy
On November 19, BBC Radio 3 reviewed the album on its program " CD Review ", which discusses and recommends new classical music recordings. AllMusic's Mike Brownell awarded the album 4.5 out of 5 stars and wrote that the Symphony " prove [d] they	they	PRON	can	AUX	 can
An iOS (iPad only) port was released on December 15, 2011, and added two features: Complex Gravity (which adds " tilt controls ") and See Thru (which makes the room's elements transparent). It also includes a 20 piece collection	collection	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
Chinese trade was mostly conducted overland through middle men along the Silk Road; Indian trade, however, also occurred by sea from Egyptian ports on the Red Sea. Also traded were olive oil, various foodstuffs, garum (fish sauce), slaves, ore and	and	CCONJ	manufactured	VERB	 manufactured
The Roman invasion, and possibly the preceding period of involvement in the internal affairs of the south of England, was inspired in part by the potential of the Mendip Hills. A great deal of the attraction of the lead mines may have been the potential for the	the	DET	extraction	NOUN	 extraction
Fought by the Parliamentarians, commanded by Sydnam Poyntz, and the Royalists under the personal command of King Charles I, it was a significant defeat for the Royalists, with heavy losses and Charles prevented from relieving the Siege of Chester. Prior to the battle, Charles	Charles	PROPN	had	AUX	 had
Browder was still filming Farscape at that time, but had met several Stargate producers on sci fi conventions. With Richard Dean Anderson's (Jack O'Neill) departure from Stargate SG 1 after season 8 (2005), Ben Browder and the Stargate producers got together as	as	ADV	soon	ADV	 soon
Ben Gerson of Rolling Stone deemed All Things Must Pass " both an intensely personal statement and a grandiose gesture, a triumph over artistic modesty " and referenced the three record set as an " extravaganza of piety and sacrifice and joy, whose sheer magnitude and ambition may	may	AUX	dub	VERB	 dub
Meanwhile, Parker Lee (Julie Gonzalo) ends her relationship with Logan, and Keith Mars (Enrico Colantoni) navigates the issues surrounding his candidacy in the upcoming sheriff's election. Several days prior to airing " The Bitch Is Back ", The CW announced that	that	SCONJ	the	DET	 the
Historically, a number of approaches have been taken to address the problem posed by restriction; these have included choosing another nominee, allowing the desired nominee's elected term of office to expire, ignoring the clause entirely, or reducing the offending emoluments to the level prior	prior	ADV	to	ADP	 to
He moved to São Paulo in 1965 and had a hit single when his song " Louvação " (which later appeared on the album of the same name) was released by Elis Regina. However, his first hit as a solo artist was the 1969 song "	"	PUNCT	Aquele	PROPN	 Aquele
Like her father she played the lute, virginals and (unlike her father) was a fine singer. She brought French musical influences with her, employing lutenists and viol players in her household. James VI was a major patron of the arts in general. He	He	PRON	made	VERB	 made
However, they chose to operate their de Havilland Herons from Trondheim Airport, Lade, just a few kilometers outside of the city center, in days with clear weather. Braathens SAFE moved all services to Værnes in 1956. After World War II, there was only	only	ADV	general	ADJ	 general
New subsidiary legislation published in the Gazette may be viewed for free on line for five days on the Electronic Gazette website. Under regulation 16 of the Environmental Public Health (Public Cleansing) Regulations made under the Environmental Public Health Act, any person who has urinated or	or	CCONJ	defecated	VERB	 defecated
Naem khao is a salad dish in Lao cuisine prepared using Lao fermented pork sausage, rice, coconut, peanuts, mint, cilantro, fish sauce and lemon juice. The naem and rice are formed into balls, deep fried, and then served broken atop the	the	DET	various	ADJ	 various
Although he had close ties to revolutionary socialism, Castro avoided an alliance with the communist PSP, fearing it would frighten away political moderates, but kept in contact with several PSP members, including his brother Raúl. He later related that the Movement's members were simply	simply	ADV	anti	ADJ	 anti
As Rihanna answers, she converses with a male friend, presumably her boyfriend. As she tells him that she needs to do some things before meeting with him, Rihanna hangs up and the screen cuts to a black screen. As a visual of Rihanna driving along	along	ADP	a	DET	 a
" Angels with Dirty Faces " was heavily promoted through Cartoon Network's animated television series The Powerpuff Girls. Merchandise was created to promote the release of the series ' 2002 film of the same name, while Cartoon Network Studios produced the song's music video, a	a	DET	reworking	NOUN	 reworking
In the 2001 – 02 season, his first in the Premier League, Nolan scored eight league goals, including two at Leicester City on the opening day of the season. He also scored Bolton's first goal as they beat Manchester United 2 – 1 at Old	Old	PROPN	Trafford	PROPN	 Trafford
The current building has received several design awards. In 2000, the American Institute of Steel Construction awarded Degenkolb with the I.D.E.A.S. Merit Award for quality structural engineering. Thomas Hacker Architects was presented with the 2002 AIA Regional Honor Award by the Northwest and Pacific Region of the	the	DET	American	PROPN	 American
" Additionally, he has pledged to write a novella set in the game world. On October 16, 2012, Pillars of Eternity's Kickstarter funding campaign concluded with a total of $3,986,929, becoming the most highly funded video game on the Kickstarter platform at the	the	DET	time	NOUN	 time
The Rome treaties were hurried through just before de Gaulle was given emergency powers and proclaimed the Fifth Republic. Despite his efforts to ' chloroform ' the Communities, their fields rapidly expanded and the EEC became the most important tool for political unification, overshadowing the ECSC.	.	PUNCT	Despite	SCONJ	 Despite
Egg tempera was the dominant medium until the 1430s, and while it produces both bright and light colours, it dries quickly and is a difficult medium in which to achieve naturalistic textures or deep shadows. Oil allows smooth, translucent surfaces and can be applied in a	a	DET	range	NOUN	 range
The critically acclaimed episode became the source of the Overlord meme, and features numerous film parodies, mostly of The Right Stuff and 2001: A Space Odyssey. A copy of the episode is available for astronauts to watch at the International Space Station. At the Springfield	Springfield	PROPN	Nuclear	PROPN	 Nuclear
In 2004 the World Bank approved his administration's Poverty Reduction Strategy Paper, entitled Madagascar Naturellement (Madagascar Naturally), in which he enshrined the principle of environmental conservation as inseparable from sustainable economic growth. The negative economic impact of the political crisis was gradually overcome by	by	ADP	Ravalomanana	PROPN	 Ravalomanana
" However, Goss relented, " The voice over tapers off, though, and Levi proves to be a suitably cocky foil to the neurotic love interest. " Meanwhile, critics lauded the character's relationship and chemistry with Rapunzel enthusiastically, likening it to that of	of	ADP	a	DET	 a
The bill failed, but Johnson persisted in re introducing it every year. In 1824, it passed the Senate, but was too late to be acted upon by the House. It passed the Senate a second time in 1828, but again, the House failed	failed	VERB	to	PART	 to
Heavily veiled, in an inconspicuous place among the mourners from France's political and artistic élite, was his widow, Marie Laure, whom he had last seen in 1881. In the early years of the 20th century, the anonymous author of the article on Saint	Saint	PROPN	Saëns	PROPN	 Saëns
After the release of her live album Nina Simone at Town Hall, Simone became a favorite performer in Greenwich Village. By this time, Simone performed pop music only to make money to continue her classical music studies and was indifferent about having a recording contract. She	She	PRON	kept	VERB	 kept
Exports from Asia transported along the Silk Road included fabrics, carpets, furs, weapons, utensils, metals, farm produce, livestock and slaves. Civilisations active in trading during the road's history included Scythia, Ancient and Byzantine Greece, the Han and Tang dynasties	dynasties	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
Its proposals has largely been rejected by the remaining political parties, as well as the mass media. Although the party's immigration policies have been compared to those of the Danish People's Party and the Sweden Democrats, leading party members have rather seen its immigration policies	policies	NOUN	to	PART	 to
It was first released on the PlayStation 2 in North America on October 29, 2001. The game is the fourth main installment (sixth overall) in the Crash Bandicoot video game series. It is the first main installment of the series not to be developed by	by	ADP	Naughty	PROPN	 Naughty
In a 2009 interview for The Atlanta Journal Constitution, Hunt discussed working as an independent artist, stating " Creatively it is certainly liberating, but the rest of it is really not that fun. I wanted a happy medium between the system of recording, marketing and	and	CCONJ	distribution	NOUN	 distribution
The first task of the new air force, the backbone of which was provided by 500 former VVKJ officers and 1,600 NCOs, was the acquisition or salvage of aircraft, weapons, machinery, equipment and fuel that had survived the fighting and had not been confiscated by	by	ADP	the	DET	 the
The frequency and number of head bobs have particular meanings to other iguanas. Green iguanas are hunted by predatory birds and their fear of these is exploited as a ploy to catch them in the wild. The sound of a hawk's whistle or scream makes the iguana	iguana	NOUN	freeze	VERB	 freeze
It further resolved into four subclades, so Thiele and Ladiges split it into four subseries. B. telmatiaea appeared in the third of these: This clade became the basis of B. subser. Leptophyllae, which Thiele defined as containing those species with " indurated and spinescent common	common	ADJ	bracts	NOUN	 bracts
First introduced in Blood Omen: Legacy of Kain in 1996, he was created by Denis Dyack and Silicon Knights, and has appeared in all subsequent Legacy of Kain games under the direction of developer Crystal Dynamics. Between games, he serves as either the central playable	playable	ADJ	character	NOUN	 character
An initial budget of 50,000 Israeli liras was granted for the project, headed by Aryeh Eliav. On 31 January 1961, the final location was chosen (3.5 kilometers (2.2 mi) southwest of Mount Kidod), and plans were approved for roads and water connections	connections	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
Guevara returned to the seaside village of Tarara in June for his honeymoon with Aleida. In total, Guevara would ultimately have five children from his two marriages. The first major political crisis arose over what to do with the captured Batista officials who had been responsible for	for	ADP	the	DET	 the
There is partial evidence indicating that SPT may reduce challenging behaviours. Finally, validation therapy is based on acceptance of the reality and personal truth of another's experience, while sensory integration is based on exercises aimed to stimulate senses. There is no evidence to support the	the	DET	usefulness	NOUN	 usefulness
The Type 96 guns were controlled by six Type 95 directors, one for every pair of mounts. In June 1942, Shōkaku and Zuikaku had their anti aircraft armament augmented with six more triple 25 mm mounts, two each at the bow and stern, and one	one	NUM	each	DET	 each
Launched in 1927, the vessels were named Hrabri (Brave) and Nebojša (Fearless). Their design was based on that of the British L class submarine of World War I, and they were built using parts originally assembled for L class submarines that were never	never	ADV	completed	VERB	 completed
Butterflies protect themselves from predators by a variety of means. Chemical defences are widespread and are mostly based on chemicals of plant origin. In many cases the plants themselves evolved these toxic substances as protection against herbivores. Butterflies have evolved mechanisms to sequester these plant toxins and	and	CCONJ	use	VERB	 use
The song was a commercial success in the United Kingdom, debuting at number one on the UK Singles Chart, becoming Halliwell's first number one solo single in the country. The song also attracted moderate success worldwide. " Mi Chico Latino " ' s accompanying music	music	NOUN	video	NOUN	 video
The 86th Reconnaissance Troop arrived in France on 1 March 1945, acclimated and trained, and then moved to Köln, Germany, and participated in the relief of the 8th Infantry Division in defensive positions near Weiden which is now part of Lindenthal on 28 – 29 March	March	PROPN	1945	NUM	 1945
The town hosts the headquarters of several British companies and the UK offices of foreign multinationals, as well as being a major retail centre. Whilst located close enough to London to be sometimes regarded as part of the London commuter belt, Reading is a net inward destination	destination	NOUN	for	ADP	 for
Surplus weapons were donated to Bolivia, Colombia and Tunisia. Tactically, SAWs are either carried with a maneuvering unit and fired while handheld, or positioned to remain stationary and provide covering fire for other units. The usual load of ammunition carried for the weapon is 1,000	1,000	NUM	rounds	NOUN	 rounds
Instead, they reflect the way we actually think, the links between the images are emotional, and simple everyday objects are charged with psychological associations. Like Alexander Pushkin, who was her model in many ways, Akhmatova was intent on conveying worlds of meaning through precise	precise	ADJ	details	NOUN	 details
Believed to have been written between 1591 and 1595, the play was first published in a quarto version in 1597. The text of the first quarto version was of poor quality, however, and later editions corrected the text to conform more closely with Shakespeare's original	original	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
Innovations to the mechanical clock continued, with miniaturization leading to domestic clocks in the 15th century, and personal watches in the 16th. In the 1580s, the Italian polymath Galileo Galilei investigated the regular swing of the pendulum, and discovered that it could be used to	to	PART	regulate	VERB	 regulate
They were clear of Cambridge by Craven Steps, and by the time the crews passed the Mile Post, were a length ahead. In the headwind along Chiswick Reach, and with the bend in the river in their favour, Cambridge slowly redressed the balance and by	by	ADP	Chiswick	PROPN	 Chiswick
India (2007) and a man with Asperger syndrome in My Name Is Khan (2010). His highest grossing films include the comedies Chennai Express (2013) and Happy New Year (2014). Many of his films display themes of Indian national identity and	and	CCONJ	connections	NOUN	 connections
This was due to the large size of Florence; the overall wind field reached a diameter of 460 miles (745 km), and the radius of maximum winds reached about 110 miles (170 km). By September 6, a well defined cloud swirl became	became	VERB	evident	ADJ	 evident
Drama and fantasy shows are anticipated as are Latin telenovelas, Asianovelas, and anime. Daytime television is dominated by game shows, variety shows, and talk shows such as Eat Bulaga and It's Showtime. Philippine cinema has a long history and is popular domestically,	,	PUNCT	but	CCONJ	 but
He collected numerous league awards, winning the Lady Byng Memorial Trophy in 1990 as the league's most sportsmanlike player, then in 1991, won the Hart Memorial Trophy and Lester B. Pearson Award as the NHL's most valuable player as selected by the league and his	his	PRON	fellow	ADJ	 fellow
The VOC authorities in Cape Town had sent their chief ship's carpenter, Philip van den Berg, with two other ship's carpenters, two pilots, a quartermaster and 20 sailors overland. Carpenters were needed since neither of the Meermin's boats, now onshore,	,	PUNCT	could	AUX	 could
The names, but not the identity, of two of them have been recorded, the Postern of St. Lazarus (πυλίς τοῦ ἁγίου Λαζάρου, pylis tou hagiou Lazarou), and the Small Gate of the Hodegetria (μικρά πύλη τῆς Ὁδηγήτριας, mikra pylē tēs Hodēgētrias	Hodēgētrias	PROPN	)	PUNCT	)
1UP.com complained that as the game progresses " instead of getting more of the things that work [combat], you get more of the things you don't care about [overwrought story] ". Donlan cited the plot as " the future's dumbest soap opera	opera	NOUN	at	ADP	 at
Nearby Ellis Island was made part of the Statue of Liberty National Monument by proclamation of President Lyndon Johnson in 1965. In 1972, the immigration museum, in the statue's base, was finally opened in a ceremony led by President Richard Nixon. The museum's	's	PART	backers	NOUN	 backers
However, historian Peter Hofschröer has written that Wellington and Blücher met at Genappe around 22: 00, signifying the end of the battle. Waterloo cost Wellington around 15,000 dead or wounded and Blücher some 7,000 (810 of which were suffered by just one unit: the	the	DET	18th	PROPN	 18th
Although his protests were to little effect, Bayard continued to voice opposition to the majority party's plans for reconstructing the South. In 1871, he was named to a joint committee sent by Congress to investigate conditions in the South. The committee, like the Congress	Congress	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
The two buildings of the World Financial Center also suffered damage. The Deutsche Bank Building across Liberty Street from the World Trade Center complex was later condemned as uninhabitable because of toxic conditions inside the office tower, and was deconstructed. The Borough of Manhattan Community College's	's	PART	Fiterman	PROPN	 Fiterman
The cast and crew were well aware of the behind the scenes conflicts and David Calder later recalled that there was " uncertainty as to which direction this series should go in ". Chris Boucher has been frequently critical of the way in which the series was realised and	and	CCONJ	has	AUX	 has
Intrada Music Group released a Special Collection limited edition of Newman's full 23 track score on November 3, 2008. As Schwarzenegger only signed on for the film in February and the film was shot so quickly, only six and a half months were available for merchandising	merchandising	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
The Woodward Dream Cruise takes place on Woodward Avenue between Pontiac and Ferndale during August of each year, evoking nostalgia of the 1950s and 1960s, when it was common for young drivers to " cruise " with their cars on Woodward Avenue. The event attracts huge crowds	crowds	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
Despite the lack of a significant theater community at Hampden – Sydney, Colbert's interest in acting escalated during this time. After two years, he transferred to Northwestern University as a theater major to study performance, emboldened by the realization that he loved performing, even	even	ADV	when	SCONJ	 when
With John von Neumann, he contributed an idea of using implosion to ignite the Super. The model of Teller's " classical Super " was so uncertain that Oppenheimer would later say that he wished the Russians were building their own hydrogen bomb based on that design,	,	PUNCT	so	SCONJ	 so
During development of the design, a flame positioned over his head alongside flaming eyes were considered, but were cut from the finished product. Astaroth stands 7 feet 3 inches tall, making him the largest character with a recorded height in the series. In subsequent titles	titles	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
Mysticeti split from Odontoceti (toothed whales) 34 million years ago during the Eocene. Their evolutionary link to archaic toothed cetaceans (Archaeoceti) remained unknown until the extinct Janjucetus hunderi was discovered in the early 1990s in Victoria, Australia. Like a modern baleen whale,	,	PUNCT	Janjucetus	PROPN	 Janjucetus
Towards the end of his reign he supervised the building of at least one royal man of war near his palace at Cardross on the River Clyde. In the late 14th century naval warfare with England was conducted largely by hired Scots, Flemish and French merchantmen and privateers	privateers	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
Mölders was the first of 27 German servicemen to receive this award. The diamonds added to the Knight's Cross were introduced officially on 28 September 1941, more than two months after Mölders earned the award. Mölders was promoted to Oberst on 20 July 1941, effective	effective	ADJ	immediately	ADV	 immediately
It was designated the Stabswache (" Staff Guard "). The Stabswache were issued unique badges, but at this point the Stabswache was still under overall control of the SA, whose membership continued to increase. Schreck resurrected the use of the Totenkopf (" death	death	NOUN	's	PART	's
Witness Vera Alexander described how he sewed two Romani twins together back to back in an attempt to create conjoined twins. The children died of gangrene after several days of suffering. Along with several other Auschwitz doctors, Mengele transferred to Gross Rosen concentration camp in Lower Silesia	Silesia	PROPN	on	ADP	 on
After the furor in Machecoul died down later in the spring, the former pastor at Machecoul, the non juring priest François Priou, refused to celebrate at the now " liberated " church because the schismatic constitutional priest had profaned it. Instead, he said the Mass	Mass	PROPN	outside	ADV	 outside
UB 5 was initially assigned to the Flanders Flotilla in March 1915 and sank five British ships of 996 gross register tons (GRT) under the command of Wilhelm Smiths. The U boat was assigned to the Baltic Flotilla in October 1915, and relegated to a training	training	NOUN	role	NOUN	 role
They eventually concluded that it was all a hoax, outlining in detail the reasons for their verdict, and giving detailed evidence that the Holy Blood authors had not reported comprehensively. They imply that this evidence had been ignored by Lincoln, Baigent, and Leigh to bolster	bolster	VERB	the	DET	 the
The English Liberties (1680, in later versions often British Liberties) by the Whig propagandist Henry Care (d. 1688) was a cheap polemical book that was influential and much reprinted, in the American colonies as well as Britain, and made Magna Carta central to	to	ADP	the	DET	 the
With no funds and no rolling stock of its own the O & ATC was unable to operate the line. On 2 April 1936 the entire infrastructure of the line was sold piecemeal at auction; excluding track, the buildings and structures at Wood Siding fetched a total	total	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
The band was known as Godzilla until 2001. Gojira is composed of vocalist and rhythm guitarist Joe Duplantier, his brother Mario Duplantier on drums, lead guitarist Christian Andreu, and Jean Michel Labadie on bass. They have released six studio albums and three live DVDs.	.	PUNCT	They	PRON	 They
The poems were largely inspired by Lord Byron, including the long title poem " Tamerlane ", which depicts an historical conqueror who laments the loss of his first romance. Like much of Poe's future work, the poems in Tamerlane and Other Poems include themes of	of	ADP	love	NOUN	 love
In Super Smash Bros. Brawl, Ridley, in both normal and Meta Ridley forms, appears as a boss character. Kraid also appeared in Super Smash Bros. Melee as a stage hazard in Brinstar Depths and unlockable trophy. Various other characters such as Metroids, Mother Brain	Brain	PROPN	and	CCONJ	 and
Throughout the whole process, it's been an ever changing target ", he said. The last changes to the project were made on December 27, 2012, to comply with EPA objections, but the DEQ staff working on the permit were sent on vacation rather	rather	ADV	than	ADP	 than
The ultimate aim is to land on, or ideally surpass, a line marked across the hill called the ' K point ', ' critical point ', or ' calculation line '. In order to attain the most points from the style judges, athletes strive	strive	VERB	for	ADP	 for
Between 22 April and 29 May 1943, the 2 / 7th Infantry Battalion, at the end of a long and tenuous supply line, unsuccessfully attacked the southern extremity of Japanese lines, the Mubo area, at features known to the Allies as " The Pimple "	"	PUNCT	and	CCONJ	 and
After the early loss of Laura Newton, Taylor was dismissed for the third duck of her ODI career, and England subsided to a five wicket loss. She finished the tournament as one of the top three batsmen by both runs scored and average, aggregating 265 runs	runs	NOUN	at	ADP	 at
The Marlins acquired him in the 1992 expansion draft, and he pitched in Florida until he was traded to the Padres mid season in 1993 in a deal that sent star Gary Sheffield to the Marlins. Hoffman recorded 20 saves in 1994 in his first season as Padres	Padres	NOUN	closer	ADV	 closer
A nativity scene takes its inspiration from the accounts of the birth of Jesus in the Gospels of Matthew and Luke. Luke's narrative describes an angel announcing the birth of Jesus to shepherds who then visit the humble site where Jesus is found lying in a manger,	,	PUNCT	a	DET	 a
" In other words, according to Yuri Savenko, all professional errors and omissions are presented as untouchable by virtue of the fact that they were infiltrated into the sentence. That is cynicism of administrative resources, cynicism of power, he says. The draft of the	the	DET	application	NOUN	 application
The storm turned to the south, and Hurricane Hunters reported that Able strengthened to hurricane status on May 17 off the coast of Florida. The outer rainbands of Able produced light rainfall and high seas along the Florida coastline. It later moved through the northern Bahamas early	early	ADV	on	ADP	 on
Always tough to play against at the Superdome, the Saints wore down the Detroit defense and New Orleans would go on to a win 45 – 28. In the game, Johnson caught 12 passes for 211 receiving yards and two touchdowns ‍ — ‌ breaking Detroit's	's	PART	playoff	NOUN	 playoff
In Rotterdam, he was defeated by Marcos Baghdatis in the first round. Murray reached the semifinals of the doubles tournament with his brother Jamie. Murray lost to qualifiers in the first rounds at the Masters Series events in Indian Wells and Miami, after which he split	split	VERB	with	ADP	 with
Critical reaction to " Rosebud " was largely positive and in 2003 Entertainment Weekly placed the episode in second place on their list of the 25 best episodes of The Simpsons. Smithers finds Mr. Burns having a nightmare in which he constantly murmurs the name " Bobo ".	.	PUNCT	In	ADP	 In
" He remembered really enjoying the episode as a child, but felt that it didn't hold up on repeat watchings as an adult, and stated that Spiner's " fantastic job creating distinctly different characters in Data and Lore " wasn't enough to remedy the other	other	ADJ	faults	NOUN	 faults
In Brazil, Décio Colla, the Mayor of the City of São Francisco de Paula, Rio Grande do Sul, mobilized the population to prepare for the end of the world by stocking up on food and supplies. In the city of Corguinho, in the Mato	Mato	PROPN	Grosso	PROPN	 Grosso
The task appeared impossible at that time. However, these results also noted that the system might be able to work against longer ranged missiles. Although these traveled at very high speeds, their higher altitude trajectories made detection simpler, and the longer flight times provided more	more	ADJ	time	NOUN	 time
Discussing the storyline, Edmondson commented of his character: " Typically he has been drinking and hasn't warned Ric of his arrival. Abra tells Ric that the surgeon lined up to carry out the op has pulled out. He wants Ric to do it. "	"	PUNCT	Abra	NOUN	 Abra
Much of his recent work includes photographs from Iceland and Greenland, some with stark images of minerals and rocks. While he is extremely attentive to angle, light and exposure, he never manipulates his photographs once they have been taken. He has successfully exhibited across Denmark	Denmark	PROPN	for	ADP	 for
These were not installed because it was estimated that the conversion would delay completion of the ships by 6 to 8 months. The barbettes that held the turrets were also strongly protected. The front portion was 14.7 inches (370 mm), the sides increased to 16	16	NUM	inches	NOUN	 inches
On 28 August, the Japanese launched their offensive. The Australians, who had initially been outnumbered but were now roughly equal in strength, resisted in the face of heavy machine gun fire and hand to hand combat. On 29 August, the Japanese broke through the	the	DET	right	ADJ	 right
" Further, under the U.S. federal tax laws, even if labor were considered " property " the gain or income from " labor property " would be defined as the excess of the amount realized (for example, the money received) by the taxpayer over the	the	DET	amount	NOUN	 amount
During the show, Gaga confirmed via telephone, that she would perform " Born This Way " on February 13, 2011, at the 53rd Grammy Awards. Gaga arrived at the ceremony in a giant incubating vessel that was carried onto the red carpet by numerous fashion	fashion	NOUN	models	NOUN	 models
He was decorated with the Distinguished Flying Cross (DFC) for this exploit, as well as his " untiring efforts " and " high standard of efficiency... under extremely trying conditions "; the award was promulgated in the London Gazette on 13 May. After converting	converting	VERB	to	ADP	 to
These games typically feature special moves that are triggered using rapid sequences of carefully timed button presses and joystick movements. Games traditionally show fighters from a side view, even as the genre has progressed from two dimensional (2D) to three dimensional (3D) graphics.	.	PUNCT	Street	PROPN	 Street
Angelou's poetry has influenced the modern hip hop music community, including artists such as Kanye West, Common, Tupac Shakur, and Nicki Minaj. Reviewer Elsie B. Washington, most likely due to President Clinton's choice of Angelou to recite her poem " On the	the	DET	Pulse	PROPN	 Pulse
Diamonds cut glass, but this does not positively identify a diamond because other materials, such as quartz, also lie above glass on the Mohs scale and can also cut it. Diamonds can scratch other diamonds, but this can result in damage to one or both	both	DET	stones	NOUN	 stones
He was reportedly crushed between his car and a garage door. Despite not taking part in this edition of the Giro, Tondó had taken part in the 2010 edition and was a popular, well liked rider. Race leader and eventual winner Alberto Contador, along with	with	ADP	many	ADJ	 many
" Miller reportedly snapped " So would I — if I had fibrositis "; Bradman had been discharged from the armed services during World War II on health grounds, whereas most of the team had been sent into battle. Miller had crash landed while serving as a	a	DET	fighter	NOUN	 fighter
As a part of the promotion for the show, the cast performed at the Grammy Awards on January 31, 2010 with Green Day. Tom Kitt was the music supervisor and orchestrator for both the Berkeley and Broadway productions. The lead producers for the show were Ira	Ira	PROPN	Pittelman	PROPN	 Pittelman
" They faced league leaders Aston Villa on 13 December 1998, and having taken a 2 – 0 lead, through two goals scored by Bergkamp, had in unprecedented circumstances conceded three goals in the second half to lose the match. Arsenal responded to their third defeat	defeat	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
The valley of the River Hull has been inhabited since the early Neolithic period but there is little evidence of a substantial settlement in the area of the present city. The area was attractive to people because it gave access to a prosperous hinterland and navigable rivers but the	the	DET	site	NOUN	 site
To biographer John Earl Bassett, McGregor represents, in part, the author's disdain and fear for parts of modern American life, "... that America will breed Beaut McGregors — talented, charismatic, romantic, cruel — who will use their powers to achieve frightening	frightening	ADJ	goals	NOUN	 goals
The independent states within the Commonwealth would share the same monarch in a relationship likened to a personal union. George V's death in 1936 was followed by the accession of Edward VIII, who caused a public scandal by announcing his desire to marry the divorced American Wallis	Wallis	PROPN	Simpson	PROPN	 Simpson
When Olga was fifteen, a group of officers aboard the imperial yacht gave her a portrait of Michelangelo's nude David, cut out from a newspaper, as a present for her name day on July 11, 1911. " Olga laughed at it long and hard	hard	ADJ	"	PUNCT	 "
Pi Kappa Alpha was not originally organized as a sectional fraternity; however, by constitutional provision it became so in 1889. It remained a Southern fraternity until the New Orleans Convention in 1909 when Pi Kappa Alpha officially declared itself a national organization. Originally, Pi Kappa	Kappa	PROPN	Alpha	PROPN	 Alpha
" Bach wrote the chorale cantata in his second year as Thomaskantor in Leipzig for the Feast of Purification, as part of his second annual cantata cycle, planned to consist of chorale cantatas. The prescribed readings for the feast day, which is always celebrated on 2	2	NUM	February	PROPN	 February
Avery Coonley was one of seventeen Illinois schools recognized as a Blue Ribbon School by the United States Department of Education in 1987 – 88 for " excellence in student success, school philosophy, curriculum, leadership, and climate ". Over five percent of Avery Coonley graduates	graduates	VERB	since	SCONJ	 since
Their analyses suggest a phylogeny that differs greatly from George's taxonomic arrangement. Banksia canei resolves as an early offshoot within the series Salicinae. Early in 2007, Mast and Thiele rearranged the genus Banksia by merging Dryandra into it, and published B. subg. Spathulatae for	for	ADP	the	DET	 the
Examples of resonant orbits within the scattered disc include 1: 3, 2: 7, 3: 11, 5: 22 and 4: 79. The scattered disc is still poorly understood: no model of the formation of the Kuiper belt and the scattered disc	disc	NOUN	has	AUX	 has
At the second test in Barcelona, Lotus F1 discovered a critical fault in the build of their chassis that forced them to miss four days of running, while both HRT and Marussia were unable to complete any mileage with their 2012 cars after both the HRT F112 and	and	CCONJ	Marussia	PROPN	 Marussia
Bustle also cited the same episode as one of the show's worst, calling it " the most nonsensical idea to ever be. " Contrarily, E! enjoyed Rachel and Joey as a couple because they brought out positive aspects in each other's personalities. Their	Their	PRON	relationship	NOUN	 relationship
A number of other athletes had the potential to win medals by virtue of previous strong finishes in international competition. Switzerland's Maya Pedersen Bieri was the defending Olympic champion. The defending world champion was Germany's Marion Trott, who also won the test event held at	at	ADP	the	DET	 the
The most catastrophic effects of the season were felt on the United States ' Gulf Coast, where a 30 ft (10 m) storm surge from Hurricane Katrina caused devastating flooding that destroyed most structures on the Mississippi coastline; subsequent levee failures in New Orleans, Louisiana	Louisiana	PROPN	caused	VERB	 caused
In total, the buildings of the castle provided around 1,100 square metres (12,000 sq ft) of accommodation. In its form, Tantallon follows on from the 12th century castles of Bothwell and Kildrummy, as a castle of enceinte, or curtain wall castle. It	It	PRON	was	AUX	 was
Mamie, meanwhile, was delighted in being able to use everything they always had in storage, and decorated more for sentimentality than for aesthetics. Cattle were raised at the farm. Eisenhower would often poke the rump of a bull with his shotgun to show what quality	quality	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
Methamphetamine was discovered in 1893 and exists as two enantiomers: levo methamphetamine and dextro methamphetamine. Methamphetamine properly refers to a specific chemical, the racemic free base, which is an equal mixture of levomethamphetamine and dextromethamphetamine in their pure amine forms. It is rarely prescribed due	due	ADP	to	ADP	 to
In the Firth of Clyde, Norse burials have been found on Arran, although not Bute and place name evidence suggests a settlement pattern that was much less well developed than in the Hebrides. On the mainland coast there is cluster of Norse place names around Largs and	and	CCONJ	an	DET	 an
Later versions of the Hunter were fitted with SNEB Pods; these were 68 mm (2.68 in) rocket projectiles in 18 round Matra pods, providing an effective strike capability against ground targets. The Hunter featured a nose mounted ranging radar, providing automatic ranging for aiming	aiming	VERB	various	ADJ	 various
But the voters passed Amendment 64 by a clear majority. That ’ s why we ’ re going to implement it as effectively as we possibly can. " In its independent analysis, the Colorado Center on Law & Policy found that the state could expect a to	to	PART	see	VERB	 see
UB 11's standard complement consisted of one officer and thirteen enlisted men. After work on UB 11 was complete at the Weser yard, she was launched on 2 March. The submarine was commissioned into the German Imperial Navy as SM UB 11 on 4 March 1915	1915	NUM	under	ADP	 under
At the same time in 1988, Disney's started entering into Australia's long standing animation industry, by purchasing Hanna Barbera's Australian studio to start Disney Animation Australia. While Oliver & Company and next feature animation, The Little Mermaid, were in production, Disney	Disney	PROPN	collaborated	VERB	 collaborated
Bono called the track a " sneak preview " of its pending record. On 9 September 2014, U2 announced their thirteenth studio album, Songs of Innocence, at an Apple product launch event, and released it digitally the same day to all iTunes Store customers at	at	ADP	no	DET	 no
This could see the redevelopment of the Arms Park, including a new 15,000 seater stadium at 90 degrees to the existing stadium costing between £20 million and £30 million and surrounded by new offices and apartments. More detailed negotiations will begin with a final approval expected	expected	VERB	early	ADV	 early
At certain points, the player has to answer questions from the judge, the witnesses, or the prosecutor through a multiple choice answer selection, or by presenting evidence that supports Phoenix's claims. On the screen, a number of exclamation marks are shown; if	if	SCONJ	the	DET	 the
Mills told the inquiry that Morgan was " a man that has written nothing but awful things about me for years and would have relished telling the inquiry if I had played a personal voicemail message to him. " In the official findings of his Inquiry, Lord Justice	Justice	PROPN	Leveson	PROPN	 Leveson
Complete lack of psittacin produces blue colouration, whereas reduced psittacin can produce a colour between green and blue called parblue, which corresponds to the colour of the two preserved Newton's parakeet specimens. Julien Tafforet also described what appears to be green Newton's parakeets in his	his	PRON	1726	NUM	 1726
The first official train ran within the modern day suburban area on 9 December 1885, although the line was closed once again between December 1885 and January 1886 to permit testing on the new bridge over the Georges River. The line was originally constructed as double track between	between	ADP	Illawarra	PROPN	 Illawarra
" GameSpy's Bernard Dy wrote that the game failed to live up to the Jane's Combat Simulations pedigree, and he believed that those who enjoyed " the realism of Il 2 Sturmovik will be disappointed. " He disliked its " relaxed flight models " and lack	lack	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
Fronted by chief songwriter and lead vocalist Sean Bonniwell, the band cultivated a characteristically dark and rebellious image reflected in an untamed musical approach. Sometimes it made use of distorted guitar lines and hallucinogenic organ parts, punctuated by Bonniwell's distinctively throaty vocals. Although they only	only	ADV	briefly	ADV	 briefly
As late as the Siege of Charleston in 1780, Loyalists could still believe in their eventual victory, as British troops inflicted heavy defeats on the Continental forces at the Battle of Camden and the Battle of Guilford Court House. In late 1781, the news of Lord	Lord	PROPN	Cornwallis	PROPN	 Cornwallis
Initially, the system had a 12 minute headway on each of the two services. From 3 December this was reduced to 9 minutes, and from 19 December to 6 minutes. Operation of the system was subcontracted to Ansaldo, who again subcontracted it to Metro Service	Service	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
Admiral Hugo von Pohl replaced him as commander of the fleet. Admiral von Pohl conducted a series of fleet advances in 1915 in which König Albert took part; in the first one on 29 – 30 March, the fleet steamed out to the north of Terschelling and	and	CCONJ	returned	VERB	 returned
" Different " (ちがう, Chigau): A girl asks to meet her boyfriend in the park after they have had a fight. She wants to apologize, but she does not know what to say. She wears a kimono instead. When she meets her boyfriend	boyfriend	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
It has a similar buoyant and easy flight. The sexes are identical in appearance although the male averages slightly larger than the female. The juvenile is duller than the adult with a dull yellow bill and brownish legs. The Alpine chough is unlikely to be confused with	with	ADP	any	DET	 any
Sudirman led from the front, wielding a katana. The Allies, whose air support had been cut off when guerrilla soldiers attacked Kalibanteng Airfield in Semarang, were forced onto the defensive and holed up in Willem Fortress. On 12 December Sudirman led a four day siege	siege	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
At Steinitz's insistence the contract said it would be " for the Championship of the World ". After the five games played in New York, Zukertort led by 4 – 1, but in the end Steinitz won decisively by 12 ½ – 7 ½ (ten	ten	NUM	wins	NOUN	 wins
La Ronde, who coincidentally arrived in Boston on 8 June, the same day as Nicholson, was apparently unsuccessful in his attempts to influence British colonial opinion. Nicholson became suspicious of his behaviour and eventually had him arrested. When copies of his secret instructions were found	found	VERB	aboard	ADP	 aboard
The saga relates of how, during an earlier time, Kali Kolsson assisted Haraldr Gille in being recognised as an illegitimate son of the deceased Norwegian king, Magnús ' Barefoot '. In consequence, the reigning king, Sigurðr Magnússon, was Haraldr Gille's half brother	brother	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
Finally, she was glad it was not too " gory " and summarized, " On Body of Proof I'm more interested in the characters than the graphic medical details. Thankfully they continue to give me plenty of what I want ". TV OverMind's Carissa	Carissa	PROPN	Pavlica	PROPN	 Pavlica
" Overall, Gill gave Wonderland 3 out of 5. Local paper the Northamptonshire Evening Telegraph reported that Wonderland was selling well; on Amazon.co.uk's charts, it appeared at number one on the symphonies chart, 13 on easy listening and 95 overall. A spokesman for	for	ADP	the	DET	 the
" Before the Germans could approve this, the Ottomans announced on 11 August that they had purchased the ships for 80 million Marks. In a formal ceremony the two ships were commissioned in the Ottoman Navy on 16 August. On 23 September, Souchon accepted an offer	offer	NOUN	to	PART	 to
The result was the History of a Six Weeks ' Tour, published in November 1817. That autumn, Percy Shelley often lived away from home in London to evade creditors. The threat of a debtor's prison, combined with their ill health and fears of losing	losing	VERB	custody	NOUN	 custody
During the filming of " I Am God ", UPN and Warner Bros. set up a " Veronica Mars Press Day ", on which several members of the press visited the show's set and wrote about their visit. Bloggers had been important to press coverage of	of	ADP	Veronica	PROPN	 Veronica
After ending a 17 game winless run, manager Neil Lennon, who had been investigated by the club due to allegations about his personal life, said that the club had " been through hell ". On 18 January 2016, the club avoided an immediate winding up	up	ADP	order	NOUN	 order
The Commercial Import Program was created in January 1955, immediately upon the transfer of France's remaining direct influence over the State of Vietnam to the chief of state, former Emperor Bảo Đại and his Prime Minister Ngo Dinh Diem. The Americans and Diem feared a communist	communist	ADJ	electoral	ADJ	 electoral
We drank it all night, then headed to the studio – Jeff got on keyboards, Mark starts playing electronic drums that sound like Eighties Prince and I started screaming, ' Moonshine, take us to the stars! ' There were a lot of nights like that	that	PRON	"	PUNCT	 "
The arrival in Edo of American Commodore Matthew Perry in 1853 led to the Convention of Kanagawa in 1854, which opened Japan to the outside world after over two centuries of seclusion. Ukiyo e prints were amongst the items he brought back to the United States. Such	Such	ADJ	prints	NOUN	 prints
The five projects under this initiative are; Golden Gate Bridge in San Francisco, State Route 520 serving downtown Seattle and communities to its east, Interstate 95 between Miami and Ft. Lauderdale, Interstate 35W serving downtown Minneapolis, and a variable rate parking meter system in	in	ADP	Chicago	PROPN	 Chicago
Ewan McGregor as Obi Wan Kenobi: a Jedi Master and general for the Galactic Republic. Natalie Portman as Padmé Amidala: a senator of Naboo and secretly Anakin's wife. Hayden Christensen as Anakin Skywalker / Darth Vader: a recently knighted Jedi hero of the Clone	Clone	PROPN	Wars	PROPN	 Wars
This new road would shorten time between the two communities through Herkimer County. The Paine's Hollow Road opened on October 4, 1921, opening a new road through the dairy country of the Mohawk Valley. The new road had branch alignments toward Oneonta, Cooperstown and	and	CCONJ	Richfield	PROPN	 Richfield
Each software package has a maintainer that may be either one person or a team of Debian developers and non developer maintainers. The maintainer keeps track of upstream releases, and ensures that the package coheres with the rest of the distribution and meets the standards of quality of	of	ADP	Debian	PROPN	 Debian
Gazan was a second lieutenant in the Coast Guard cannoniers of Antibes at the age of fifteen. In 1786, he was appointed to the Royal Life Guards, Company Écossaise. Afterward he also joined the Freemasons. At the outbreak of the French Revolution in 1789,	,	PUNCT	Gazan	PROPN	 Gazan
During the term, Breckinridge lost four cases, won one, and the justices sent one back for retrial in a lower court. Breckinridge returned to Cabell's Dale in early 1806 and fell ill in June. In July, he visited Kentucky's Olympian Springs,	,	PUNCT	hoping	VERB	 hoping
By 1970, what was the US 309 / PA 29 / US 222 freeway had the PA 29 designation removed, US 309 downgraded to PA 309 and US 222 was truncated to end at its current northern terminus. By the 1980s, I 78 became part of	of	ADP	the	DET	 the
It took Stewart a while to enjoy the band's music, as her own tastes ran toward her father's Frank Sinatra and Nat King Cole records. At one point, the pair split up, but soon reunited. The relationship became more serious as she accompanied	accompanied	VERB	him	PRON	 him
According to Imogen's account, her duties included conducting local brass bands, leading hymn singing practice (" fourteen very old women in hats sitting round the edge of a dark, empty hideous tin hut "), and organising sing songs for evacuee children. She	She	PRON	arranged	VERB	 arranged
The veiled nature of the political references was deliberate; it allowed the work to be acceptable to the censors, but accessible to Charles and those close to him. In the event that they rejected the underlying message, it would also be accessible to other prominent and	and	CCONJ	influential	ADJ	 influential
Iginla scored five goals in the tournament to lead the Blazers to a second consecutive national championship. He received the George Parsons Trophy as the most sportsmanlike player of the tournament. The Dallas Stars selected Iginla with their first pick, 11th overall, in the 1995 NHL	NHL	PROPN	Entry	PROPN	 Entry
The outdoors stimulates new ways of thinking and approaching both task- and group related problems. As participants learn they can exceed what they perceive to be their physical limits, they find their mental capacity also grows. White Stag uses the physical environment to tire the individual and	and	CCONJ	open	VERB	 open
Empire magazine voted the films at # 1 on the ' 32 Greatest Film Trilogies '. In addition, six characters and their respective actors made the list of ' The 100 Greatest Movie Characters ', also compiled by Empire, with Viggo Mortensen's portrayal of Aragorn	Aragorn	PROPN	ranking	VERB	 ranking
Southwesterly vertical wind shear impacted Maury, which led to its tilting to the northeast with height. By early on July 19 the wind shear lessened, and the cyclone's structure improved. While approaching China, a strong ridge to its northwest deflected the storm on a	a	DET	more	ADV	 more
In June 2005 SFI went into administration, and sold 98 of its 150 outlets to the Laurel Pub Company, controlled by Robert Tchenguiz, for £80 million. In 2008 Laurel itself collapsed, and the Slug chain became a part of the Bay Restaurant Group,	,	PUNCT	later	ADV	 later
The flier included the phone number (834) -104 7370, which has the area code of Tamaulipas. The administrator responded by saying that " [he was] not playing at being a hero, [and was] doing what [he had] to do	do	VERB	as	ADP	 as
He played a total of 38 times in all competitions during his first season with the club, scoring twice as Wycombe earned promotion to League One after finishing in the third and final automatic promotion place. The following season, he played a further 41 games for the	the	DET	club	NOUN	 club
The Foundation manages the university's endowment, currently amounting to well over half a billion dollars. The endowment helps provide scholarships to students of the university, support for long term university goals and for other specific purposes as designated by the various donors. Seminole Boosters,	,	PUNCT	Inc.	PROPN	 Inc.
A.P. Hill failed to commit any of his reserves to the pursuit of the Seminary defenders, a great missed opportunity. Near the railroad cut, Daniel's Brigade renewed their assault, and almost 500 Union soldiers surrendered and were taken prisoner. Paul's Brigade, under	under	ADP	attack	NOUN	 attack
A few moments later, Guy Lapointe rifled a low shot that again beat Dzurilla, however this goal was also disallowed as the buzzer had sounded to end the first ten minutes of the overtime period one tenth of a second before it crossed the line. International rules	rules	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
Head coach Lloyd Carr noted his disfavor with Graham at the start of the season: " Brandon, he needs to get focused, " Carr said, " and do the things that he's capable of doing. " He was disappointed in Graham's efforts in	in	ADP	practice	NOUN	 practice
Other activities in the area include wildlife viewing, photography, fishing, and visits to the remains of the Childs Irving infrastructure. Restoring the stream has made the area, a two hour drive from Phoenix, highly popular. As recreational use of Fossil Creek increased after	after	ADP	2008	NUM	 2008
The threat of Hurricane Floyd forced schools, malls, and the University of Massachusetts Amherst to close. In Connecticut, the storm caused one casualty: a man drowned after boating in the swollen Quinnipiac River. The storm caused extensive flooding and serious damage. Wind gusts	gusts	NOUN	exceeding	VERB	 exceeding
The battle to recapture Eros results in the discovery of advanced alien technology, including gravity manipulation. Political conflicts on Earth between three ruling parties, the Hegemon, Polemarch, and Strategos, are put aside in the face of the threat from the buggers. Ostensibly in	in	ADP	preparation	NOUN	 preparation
The regenerative brakes were removed in the late 1940s. The two trams ' motors were prone to technical failures, and spent much time in the workshop. They weighed 12.87 tonnes (12.67 long tons; 14.19 short tons). No. 160 was equipped with four	four	NUM	33.5	NUM	 33.5
Following the queen's marriage in 1840, her husband, Prince Albert, concerned himself with a reorganisation of the household offices and staff, and with the design faults of the palace. The problems were all rectified by the close of 1840. However, the builders	builders	NOUN	were	AUX	 were
The next morning, Nancy admits that the two spending the night together was a big deal, as Jack was the first man she slept with after her divorce. At Floyd's wedding, Jack tells Nancy about Avery, and as a result, Nancy threatens to	to	PART	leave	VERB	 leave
He had two assistants; but the dissection was disturbed by John Woods, who admitted the public, for a fee, to watch the dissection in progress, while a military band played in the background. There were snow showers, but Struthers was able to remove	remove	VERB	much	ADJ	 much
This was not the case; the Arnolds and their associates all lived in a small area within southeastern Somerset. While in England William Arnold and his family lived in Ilchester. His parents had come from the village of Northover, scarcely one half mile (0.8 km	km	NOUN	)	PUNCT	)
Colin Williamson (AllGame) said that Killer Instinct Gold was best for players who want " Mortal Kombat on speed " with a " hyperactive Barry White " announcer. Within the fighting game genre, GameSpot considered Gold to be better than the other Nintendo 64 fighting game	game	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
Raëlians routinely advocate sex positive feminism and genetically modified food. They also have protested against wars and the Catholic Church. Pro GMO: On 6 August 2003, the first day of Raëlian year 58 AH, a tech article on the USA Today newspaper mentions an "	"	PUNCT	unlikely	ADJ	 unlikely
He asks, " has the gritty vocal of Bonnie Tyler still got what it takes to make you tingle? The simple answer is YES, " and marks the album as an " impressive return to her country roots ". He also questions that the track "	"	PUNCT	Little	PROPN	 Little
Shankly met his wife, Nessie, in the RAF (she was in the WAAF and stationed at the same camp) and they married in 1944. With the resumption of full League football again in the 1946 – 47 season, Shankly returned to Preston who held	held	VERB	his	PRON	 his
In 1857, his committee persuaded the Senate to authorize twelve sloops of war. These entered the navy beginning in 1858, on the verge of the Civil War. Another innovation that was being considered was that of armor. Mallory was here somewhat ahead of his time	time	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
Similarly, his eldest son, Ibrahim Ismail, was convicted in the 1980s of shooting dead a man in a nightclub during a feud, but was quickly pardoned. In 1987, Sultan Iskandar was accused of causing the death of a golf caddy in Cameron Highlands by	by	ADP	assault	NOUN	 assault
At the 52nd Annual Grammy Awards, Beyoncé received ten nominations, including Album of the Year for I Am... Sasha Fierce, Record of the Year for " Halo ", and Song of the Year for " Single Ladies (Put a Ring on It) "	"	PUNCT	,	PUNCT	,
They were used to improve both the Ardennes and Vladimir Heavy Draft horses, and to create the Spanish Norman breed, a cross between the Andalusian and the Percheron. By the end of the 19th century, Percherons made up the majority of driving horses in Paris.	.	PUNCT	The	DET	 The
The Global Times reported that, as of 28 December 2010, 71 people had been injured, and 36 were still missing. Of the deceased, 57 were identified by DNA tests early on, while one male, from Japan, was still being identified when the	the	DET	official	ADJ	 official
Members of an affected meat ant colony later move to a nearby satellite nest that is placed in a suitable area, while invading banded sugar ants fill nest galleries up with a black resinous material. In rural Australia, meat ants are important to farmers as they place	place	VERB	animal	NOUN	 animal
The spores are ellipsoid, thin walled, smooth, colorless, amyloid, and measure 8 – 9.5 by 4 µm. The basidia (spore bearing cells) are 24 – 31 by 6.5 – 7.5 µm, club shaped, four spored, and have clamps at	at	ADP	the	DET	 the
Vernon Jamadar, Leader of the Opposition in Trinidad and Tobago, praised Sobers ' " calm dignity in response to the primitive savagery of West Indian gutter politicians ". Sobers told the media that he had played in Rhodesia as he felt it would be good for cricket	cricket	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
On the east side of town, M 26 and M 38 meet and join in a concurrency after Ontonagon – Greenland Road meets Plank Road a second time. The two highways run together for just over a mile to the unincorporated community of Lake Mine. There,	,	PUNCT	M	PROPN	 M
Compared with the other grunge bands of the early 1990s, Pearl Jam ’ s style is noticeably less heavy and harkens back to the classic rock music of the 1970s. Pearl Jam has cited many punk rock and classic rock bands as influences, including The Who,	,	PUNCT	Led	PROPN	 Led
Star Trek based comics have been almost continuously published since 1967. They have been offered by several companies, including Marvel, DC, Malibu, Wildstorm, and Gold Key. Tokyopop is publishing an anthology of Next Generation based stories presented in the style of Japanese manga	manga	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
Allison was sacked at the end of the 1975 – 76 campaign, and it was under Terry Venables ' management that Palace were promoted in 1976 – 77 and again in 1978 – 79, the latter saw the club crowned as Division Two champions. That team from	from	ADP	1979	NUM	 1979
Ward then gave details to the press, but no paper would print the story. He also wrote to Wilson, who showed the letter to Macmillan. Although privately disdainful of Wilson's motives, after discussions with Hollis the prime minister was sufficiently concerned about Ward's	's	PART	general	ADJ	 general
Rip It Up's Matt Ruys awarded The Experiment four out of five stars, calling it " arguably one of the best New Zealand male pop records of the new millenium ". The Press ' Vicki Anderson wrote, " This is one experiment that seems to have	have	AUX	worked	VERB	 worked
Griffin's arrest was made two days after those of John Tyndall and several other people, over remarks they had made in the same programme. Following its broadcast on 15 July 2004, the police began an investigation into the programme's contents. The following April he	he	PRON	was	AUX	 was
To prevent further piracy in Britain, Irving paid to have the first four American installments published as a single volume by John Miller in London. Irving appealed to Walter Scott for help procuring a more reputable publisher for the remainder of the book. Scott referred Irving to	to	ADP	his	PRON	 his
McNamara was raised to group captain in 1936, and attended the Imperial Defence College, London, the following year. He was appointed a Commander of the Order of the British Empire (CBE) in the 1938 New Year Honours. When World War II broke out	out	ADP	in	ADP	 in
Each of the main façade's first- and second story windows and the entrance are adorned with white wooden label moldings. The main entrance is composed of a tall double wooden entrance door, with its original handle and locks. Each door consists of four vertical wooden panels	panels	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
In 2001, Railtrack announced that, due to its own financial problems, it would not undertake to purchase section 2, triggering a second restructuring. The 2002 plan agreed that the two sections would have different owners (Railtrack for section 1, LCR for section 2	2	NUM	)	PUNCT	)
Chesma was turned over to the Sevastopol port authorities before being stricken on 14 August 1907. Before she was fully dismantled the Naval Ministry decided to use her hull for full scale armour trials. She was re designated as Stricken Vessel Nr. 4 on 22 April 1912	1912	NUM	before	ADP	 before
The draw had determined that United would play the first leg at home, and after Rooney, Tevez and Ronaldo had early chances, John O'Shea opened the scoring, firing home a Michael Carrick cross after Arsenal had failed to clear a corner. United continued to make	make	VERB	chances	NOUN	 chances
Between 80 and 100 allusions to the Beatles ' story, music and lyrics in the video have been estimated. Although the bird can be heard at the beginning of the video, it is never seen. Neil Aspinall (Apple Records executive at the time) said	said	VERB	that	SCONJ	 that
To pass the time, he read newspapers to stay up to date with the Canadiens as they finished the season. Since his injury, the team had dropped in the standings, causing Morenz to worry. He began to think he would never play hockey again and	and	CCONJ	became	VERB	 became
Zinc oxide nanorod sensors are devices detecting changes in electric current passing through zinc oxide nanowires due to adsorption of gas molecules. Selectivity to hydrogen gas was achieved by sputtering Pd clusters on the nanorod surface. The addition of Pd appears to be effective in the catalytic dissociation	dissociation	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
He had been told to expect at 6: 58: 20 Eastern Time a network announcement for Heidi, after which he was to cut the feed from Burbank, and the Heidi feed from New York would begin. This placed Burbank in effective control of whether the	the	DET	engineer	NOUN	 engineer
Making and maintaining friendships often proves to be difficult for those with autism. For them, the quality of friendships, not the number of friends, predicts how lonely they feel. Functional friendships, such as those resulting in invitations to parties, may affect the quality	quality	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
The IIHF countered by threatening to withdraw hockey from the Games if the AHA were banned. The IOC suggested that both American teams be banned but the SOOC rejected this proposal. The IOC decided to switch hockey to an unofficial event but relented when a compromise was reached	reached	VERB	.	PUNCT	.
It suffered severe pollution and human interference that has diminished the natural order of life in and around the river. In all, 3.5 million people live within the various watersheds that feed into the St. Johns River. The St. Johns, named one of 14 American Heritage	Heritage	PROPN	Rivers	PROPN	 Rivers
Another lookalike is Lactarius thiersii, but it has a smaller cap and stem and has mild tasting flesh and latex. The flesh and latex of Lactarius rufus have a strongly acrid taste, and its fruit bodies are stouter and lack an umbo. Additionally, L. rufus	rufus	NOUN	typically	ADV	 typically
Produced by Allen's manager, Charles H. Joffe, the film stars the director as Alvy " Max " Singer, who tries to figure out the reasons for the failure of his relationship with the film's eponymous female lead, played by Diane Keaton in a role	role	NOUN	written	VERB	 written
The popularity of the daytime series led to a nightly syndicated edition being developed; that series premiered on September 19, 1983 and continues to air to this day. The network version was originally hosted by Chuck Woolery and Susan Stafford, with Charlie O'Donnell as its announcer	announcer	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
Opener Len Hutton was dropped by Hassett on 25, after flicking the ball behind square leg from Loxton ’ s bowling. This proved to be costly, as Hutton reached 81 before falling at 1 / 168. England were 2 / 268 at the end of the	the	DET	first	ADJ	 first
The system formed on February 11, and moved generally towards the south throughout its life. Vaianu ultimately peaked with winds corresponding to Category 1 status on the Saffir Simpson Hurricane Scale, and passed between Fiji and Tonga. Moving into cooler waters, the storm dissipated on	on	ADP	February	PROPN	 February
" Pedro mounted his bay mare and, in front of his entourage and his Guard of Honor, said: " Friends, the Portuguese Cortes wished to enslave and persecute us. As of today our bonds are ended. By my blood, by my honor,	,	PUNCT	by	ADP	 by
American artist Jeff Koons submitted a proposal to erect a permanent 150 foot (46 m) sculpture of a playground slide; his glass and steel design featured an observation deck 90 feet (27 m) above the ground that was accessible via an elevator. The committee	committee	NOUN	chose	VERB	 chose
The spore print is white. Edibility is unknown for this fungus. Spores are thin walled, smooth, and ellipsoidal or oval in shape. Viewed with a microscope, they appear translucent (hyaline), and stain red or blue with Melzer's reagent (in	in	ADP	amyloid	NOUN	 amyloid
He considered that Moreno's animosity was rooted in the aforementioned mutiny of Álzaga, as Moreno took part in it. The victory was celebrated at the barracks of the Patricians, where the officer Anastasio Duarte, who was drunk, made a toast to Saavedra, as	as	SCONJ	if	SCONJ	 if
At least one extrasolar planet, HD 189733 b, has been claimed to have such a weather system, similar to the Great Red Spot but twice as large. Hot Jupiters, due to their extreme proximities to their host stars, have been shown to be losing	losing	VERB	their	PRON	 their
As was customary, she would have remained in her father's household where her husband would have visited her. Nobutaka had been granted more than one governorship, and by the time of his marriage to Murasaki he was probably quite wealthy. Accounts of their marriage vary	vary	VERB	:	PUNCT	:
Levesque was named Executive Vice President, Talent and Live events in 2011. In this role he oversees the talent relations and talent development departments, training of performers and management of worldwide recruitment. Levesque's role within the company has been under much criticism since 2003,	,	PUNCT	as	SCONJ	 as
As part of this role, KDOT surveys traffic on Kansas highways in terms of average annual daily traffic (AADT). In 2011, KDOT calculated that as few as 10,400 vehicles used I 470 daily along the Kansas Turnpike near the I 70 interchange and as many	many	ADJ	as	ADP	 as
IGN's Ramsey Isler called the victims ' method of death in " Immortality " " one of the nastiest in recent memory, " and rated the episode 8.5 / 10. He concluded that he was " quite surprised by this episode. The storyline with the Dr.	Dr.	PROPN	Silva	PROPN	 Silva
An attorney for 20th Century Fox said that the studio would seek an order to delay the release of Watchmen. Producer Lloyd Levin revealed in an open letter that in 2005 both Fox and Warner Bros. were offered the chance to make Watchmen. Fox passed on the project	project	NOUN	while	SCONJ	 while
Things got progressively better for the Volunteers after Manning assumed the starting role, as they won six of their final regular season games. The sole loss was a 13 – 17 defeat at the hands of then No. 10 Alabama in Knoxville. The loss was merely	merely	ADV	a	DET	 a
This article won the journal's second annual Postgraduate Essay Prize, and formed the basis of the third chapter of Animal Rights Without Liberation. Cochrane continued to work on questions of animal rights after the completion of his doctorate, publishing articles on the subject in Utilitas and	and	CCONJ	Political	PROPN	 Political
" Some traditional animation on scraps of brown paper are intermixed into the stop motion. Tibbitt said that the " biggest surprise " for him in the new title sequence was " the treatment of Painty the Pirate in the beginning " as seen in a fortune teller machine	machine	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
The song is an acoustic ballad in a folk music style, beginning with one guitar and a lead vocal, later introducing a guitar with a synthesised effect from the first chorus. Following the Dream Days at the Hotel Existence release, live versions of the song have	have	AUX	been	AUX	 been
The 2,599 man garrison of Namur under Johann Dominik von Moitelle surrendered on 2 December to Valence and Harville after a four week siege. The Austrian defenders included two battalions of the Kinsky Infantry Regiment Nr. 36, one battalion of the Vierset, two companies of the	the	DET	Le	PROPN	 Le
Women were also allowed to join the armed forces in a non combatant role and by the end of the War 80,000 women had joined the armed forces in auxiliary roles such as nursing and cooking. Following the war, millions of returning soldiers were still not entitled to	to	PART	vote	VERB	 vote
He summarized the content of the lyrics, writing " [i] t starts in the past, at the start of a relationship, and then lets us know it ’ s a flashback. They ’ re sitting on the couch reminiscing. It then jumps back	back	ADV	to	ADP	 to
It had four towers and a gatehouse tower along the walls, with a ditch dug out of the rock along two sides, the excavated stone being reused for the building works, and would have been one of the very first masonry castles in England. With its	its	PRON	circular	ADJ	 circular
On February 14, 2015 (Valentine's Day, or 2 / 14; her USWNT jersey number is 2 and Dwyer's is 14), it was announced that she and Dwyer had we d in January 2015 in a private ceremony. On January 25,	,	PUNCT	2016	NUM	 2016
In January 2010, 250 martins were seen at a new location in Bakoumba, and single birds were observed in hirundine flocks near Moanda, at Mounana, and at Lekoni. Despite sightings of large flocks and a population which may exceed 100,000, the species is classed	classed	VERB	by	ADP	 by
In June 1984, at the Grand Theatre, Leeds, the Delius Trust sponsored a commemorative production of A Village Romeo and Juliet by Opera North, to mark the 50th anniversary of Delius's death. Public interest in Delius's life was stimulated in the UK in	in	ADP	1968	NUM	 1968
With a theme of role reversal, it is conceptually similar to the American comedy film Freaky Friday (1976). A video for the Spanish version of the ballad was edited from the original clip. Beyoncé promoted " If I Were a Boy " through live performances	performances	NOUN	at	ADP	 at
Regina Elena had a crew of 742 – 764 officers and enlisted men. As built, the ship was armed with two 12 in (300 mm) 40 caliber guns placed in two single gun turrets, one forward and one aft. The ship was also equipped	equipped	VERB	with	ADP	 with
The watch was upgraded to a tropical storm warning early on June 19. Following the storm's intensification that day, the warning was expanded northward to Tuxpan. Officials dispatched 34,250 workers to set up refugee camps throughout the state. Across Veracruz, approximately 2,000 people sought	sought	VERB	refuge	NOUN	 refuge
It was on Moscow Radio, on 2 June 1945, that the first accusation directly against Pius XII of refusing to speak out against the exterminations in Nazi concentration camps. It was also the first medium to call him " Hitler's Pope ". A former high	high	ADJ	ranking	VERB	 ranking
Nelson gave chase, but after arriving in the Caribbean, spent June in a fruitless search for the fleet. Villeneuve had briefly cruised around the islands before heading back to Europe, in contravention of Napoleon's orders. The returning French fleet was intercepted by a British	British	ADJ	fleet	NOUN	 fleet
Dunmore sent 25 men of the 14th Foot to the bridge, where they erected a small stockade fort they called Fort Murray on the Norfolk side of the bridge. They also removed the bridge planking to make crossing it more difficult. The fort was armed with two	two	NUM	cannons	NOUN	 cannons
The Bayou Music Center stages live concerts, stage plays, and stand up comedy. Space Center Houston is the official visitors ' center of NASA's Lyndon B. Johnson Space Center. The Space Center has many interactive exhibits including moon rocks, a shuttle simulator, and	and	CCONJ	presentations	NOUN	 presentations
Joe Copplestone from PopMatters noted that songs on the album such as " Night of Your Life " and " Titanium ", " recall the power " of Guetta's previous collaborations with Kelly Rowland on " When Love Takes Over " (2009) and " Commander "	"	PUNCT	(	PUNCT	 (
By the time he was AMC chief, he presided over the Detroit Stake, which included not only all of Metro Detroit, Ann Arbor, and the Toledo area of Ohio but also the western edge of Ontario along the Michigan border. In this role, Romney	Romney	PROPN	oversaw	VERB	 oversaw
Horner had written Spock's theme to give the character more dimension: " By putting a theme over Spock, it warms him and he becomes three dimensional rather than a collection of schticks, " he said. The theme was expanded in The Search for Spock to	to	PART	represent	VERB	 represent
Stagg then moved on to coach at the College of the Pacific. Athletic director T. Nelson Metcalf hired Shaughnessy to replace Stagg as head coach in 1933. Shaughnessy inherited a difficult situation at Chicago, and for the most part, lacked good material. He did,	,	PUNCT	however	ADV	 however
The song, with Quincy Jones as its producer, won a Grammy for Best Recording for Children for 1983. More success came with the release of his sixth album, Thriller, in late 1982. The album earned Jackson seven more Grammys and eight American Music Awards	Awards	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
In early July 2005, a Real Canadian Superstore in Coquitlam, British Columbia, Canada, accidentally sold fourteen copies of The Half Blood Prince before the authorised release date. The Canadian publisher, Raincoast Books, obtained an injunction from the Supreme Court of British Columbia prohibiting	prohibiting	VERB	the	DET	 the
Aside from the second round which went through seven games against the Phoenix Suns, the Rockets easily beat their Western Conference contestants during the playoffs to advance to their third finals. The New York Knicks opened a 3 2 advantage, but the Rockets managed to win the	the	DET	last	ADJ	 last
The album's lead single, " Can't Get You Out of My Head ", became the biggest success of her career, reaching number one in more than forty countries and selling over 5 million copies. She won four ARIA Awards including a " Most Outstanding	Outstanding	PROPN	Achievement	PROPN	 Achievement
He caught a train for New York, and when he arrived on 28 April 1918, he found his division at Camp Mills on Long Island, living in tents and awaiting transport. Middleton was given command of the First Battalion, 47th Infantry Regiment, and departed	departed	VERB	New	PROPN	 New
Head and body length is 94 to 119 mm (3.7 to 4.7 in) and body mass is 24 to 46 g (0.85 to 1.62 oz). The tail is scarcely furred. The front part of the skull is flat, short, and broad.	.	PUNCT	The	DET	 The
The company also sought a variety of other markets, including developing countries such as Mexico and China for its Trilogue virtual telephone service. Gradually its product emphasis shifted more from hardware to software. While headquartered in the U.S., nearly all its manufacturing was done in Israel	Israel	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
No political clauses were included. Around 17: 00 Prądzyński and Berg arrived in Warsaw, where Krukowiecki generally agreed with the Russian terms, but considered them too harsh. Berg and Prądzyński then returned to Russian headquarters and Grand Duke Michael agreed to allow the Polish Army	Army	PROPN	free	ADJ	 free
The Norwegians surrendered an hour later, and the German ships landed their soldiers. Karlsruhe then left Kristiansand with three of the torpedo boats as escorts. The British submarine HMS Truant was positioned outside the fjord, and when her crew spotted the German ships, she fired	fired	VERB	a	DET	 a
Zinta's final release of 2003 was Kal Ho Naa Ho, a tear jerking romantic drama set in New York City. It was directed by Nikhil Advani and written by Karan Johar, co starring Jaya Bachchan, Shahrukh Khan and Saif Ali Khan. The film was	was	AUX	received	VERB	 received
It was claimed that on one occasion he was asked to provide the horoscope of a newborn child, but that he refused, stating that " Make the most of the child, you will not have it for long ", after which the child soon died,	,	PUNCT	while	SCONJ	 while
They suspect several inmates, including the assassin Ryōken Hōinbō, but it turns out that prison warden Marī Miwa killed Naitō, believing that Hōinbō had sent him to kill her. Sarushiro is freed, but Mikagami warns Edgeworth that he could lose his prosecutor's badge if	if	SCONJ	he	PRON	 he
The Croatian forces also captured some Serbian prisoners, and the two sides agreed to several prisoner exchanges; most prisoners were freed by the end of 1992. Some infamous prisons included the Sremska Mitrovica camp, the Stajićevo camp, and the Begejci camp in Serbia, and	and	CCONJ	the	DET	 the
" In one of the few generally positive reviews, Eric Mink of the Daily News praised the South Park universe and the " distinct, interesting characters " within it. He singled out Cartman, calling him " the most vibrant of the bunch ", describing him	him	PRON	as	ADP	 as
The 62nd Primetime Emmy Awards again saw Barclay nominated for the " Outstanding Directing for a Comedy Series " award for " Wheels " against Murphy for " Pilot ". O'Malley was also nominated for the " Outstanding Guest Actor in a Comedy Series " award for his role	role	NOUN	in	ADP	 in
Governor Beshear acknowledged that Kentucky would recognize the licenses being issued, but he could not verify the legality of the licenses issued or the means by which the marriage licenses were altered. Bunning ultimately denied the ACLU's separate suit, stating the altered forms were likely legal	legal	ADJ	and	CCONJ	 and
From 1892 through 1908, the school was named the Auburn Female Institute, providing collegiate programs equivalent to an associates degree. Auburn High became Lee County's flagship high school in 1914 as Lee County High School, and gained its present name, Auburn High School,	,	PUNCT	in	ADP	 in
" Cope was well aware of his enemies and was carefree enough to name a species after a combination of " Cope " and " hater ", Anisonchus cophater. Through his years of financial hardship, he was able to continue publishing papers — his most productive years	years	NOUN	were	AUX	 were
His intention was, he claimed, " to formulate something whose motivations can barely be comprehended, and [which caused] unease and terror in a general population. " In an interview with the Slender Nation podcast, Knudsen cited the Tall Man from the film series	series	NOUN	Phantasm	PROPN	 Phantasm
The Province staffs a government agent office in Chetwynd for access to licenses, permits, and government programs. Through the Northern Health Authority the province operates the five bed Chetwynd General Hospital. As part of the Peace River South provincial electoral district, it is represented in	in	ADP	the	DET	 the
Promotion was secured in comfortable fashion, as they finished as runners up to runaway champions York City, ten points above fifth place Aldershot. Building for the 1984 – 85 campaign, Bremner signed former Leeds striker Aiden Butterworth and winger John Buckley (£25,000 from Partick	Partick	PROPN	Thistle	PROPN	 Thistle
His dissatisfaction became a recurring theme throughout his career; he often felt that the quality of performance of his material delivered by orchestras was not commensurate with the money he spent on orchestral concerts and recordings. Later in 1970, Zappa formed a new version of the Mothers	Mothers	PROPN	(	PUNCT	 (
In 1763, there was a revolt in Gaza against the Ottomans. Then, in November 1770, Ali Bey al Kabir, the rebellious Mamluk sultan of Egypt, sent troops to Gaza to aid Zahir al Umar in the Galilee, helping him check the power of	of	ADP	the	DET	 the
The Indianapolis Museum of Art has a permanent collection of over 54,000 works that represent cultures from around the world and span over 5,000 years. Areas of the collection include: European painting and sculpture; American painting and sculpture; prints, drawings, and photographs; Asian	Asian	ADJ	art	NOUN	 art
In RJ67, Hubbard then alludes to the devastating effect of Xenu's genocide: And it is very true that a great catastrophe occurred on this planet and in the other 75 planets which formed this [Galactic] Confederacy 75 million years ago. It has since that	that	DET	time	NOUN	 time
Additional damage and one fatality occurred in Okinawa Prefecture in Japan, where at least ¥ 890 million yen (JPY, $6 million USD) in damage was caused. The tropical disturbance which would eventually intensify to become Typhoon Abe was first noted by the Joint Typhoon	Typhoon	PROPN	Warning	PROPN	 Warning
In her two individual events, she finished seventh in the 50 meter freestyle and eighth in the 100 meter freestyle. Jessica won a gold and two bronze medals at the long course 2013 World Championships in Barcelona, Spain. Her first bronze medal was in the 100	100	NUM	breaststroke	NOUN	 breaststroke
Jovovich had opted to perform in smaller and more intimate settings, turning down a musical appearance on Saturday Night Live. Jovovich has also been collaborating musically with longtime friend and musician Chris Brenner, who co wrote with her on the Divine Comedy Album and who was the	the	DET	musical	ADJ	 musical
The entire Mercedes team travelled to London for his burial. In the rest of the season, Caracciola won the German Grand Prix for the sixth and final time, again in the rain, after starting third on the grid. He finished second behind Lang at the	the	DET	Swiss	ADJ	 Swiss
Von Neumann's hydrogen bomb work was played out in the realm of computing, where he and Stanislaw Ulam developed simulations on von Neumann's digital computers for the hydrodynamic computations. During this time he contributed to the development of the Monte Carlo method, which allowed solutions	solutions	NOUN	to	ADP	 to
He continued inland, travelling northeast through Phyrgia before turning southeast toward Cilicia. After passing the Cilician Gates in October, Alexander was delayed by fever in Tarsus. Darius meanwhile mustered an army of up to 100,000 (some ancient sources posit exaggerated figures of over 600,000)	)	PUNCT	and	CCONJ	 and
" He was nicknamed " Automatic Otto " for his consistency and toughness. With Graham at the helm, the Browns continued to succeed when they joined the NFL in 1950. Graham led the Browns to a 10 – 2 record, which set up a playoff against	against	ADP	the	DET	 the
He wrote to his brother's commanding officer, Sholto Douglas asking for any news but understanding the Major's attention was now fixed on the German Spring Offensive. His death depressed McCudden greatly. The same month he returned home, he was awarded the Victoria Cross,	,	PUNCT	the	DET	 the
" His musical composition piece " Gothic Power " was used in trailers for The Lord of the Rings film series. The debut of the first trailer in theaters was quite popular with fans. Subsequently the piece was utilized by Ben Stiller in a fictional movie trailer for	for	ADP	a	DET	 a
One day, seven years after arriving in Borneo, Oerip returned from patrol to find his home had been burned down. Upon the recommendation of a passing doctor, Oerip went back to Java, via Tarakan and Surabaya, to Cimahi, where he spent several months	months	NOUN	in	ADP	 in
McCool eliminated Hall, and also took her revenge on Ashley by eliminating her, but Kristal was declared the winner after Miz helped her win. On November 3, The Teacher's Pets lost a championship match against London and Kendrick, and after the match, their	their	PRON	feud	NOUN	 feud
She escaped to France with her family. The mansion where Lalaurie lived is a landmark in the French Quarter, in part because of its history and in part because there were relatively few homes of such massive size in the Quarter. Marie Delphine Macarty was born 1780	1780	NUM	,	PUNCT	,
There are several privately produced schematics which are available online or in published form, such as those by Hagstrom Map. Additionally, the New York City subway map has served as the subject of artistic endeavors. Among these are works by Fadeout Design and by Alexander Chen	Chen	PROPN	.	PUNCT	.
He led all National League players in All Star balloting, with an NL record 5.93 million votes, as he garnered more votes than any other NL outfielder for the fourth year in a row. He was voted an NL All Star starter for a franchise record fourth	fourth	ADJ	time	NOUN	 time
This more than doubled the next day, and less than a week later it had over 900,000 total views. BBC News observed that Capaldi's message had become a viral video, and ITV News described response to the video as a global phenomenon. The Guardian and	and	CCONJ	The	DET	 The
By 1830, Sherwood's works had drifted away from evangelicalism and her novels and stories reflected more conventional Victorian plots and themes. For example, Gipsy Babes (1826), perhaps inspired by Walter Scott's Guy Mannering (1815), emphasizes " human affections.	.	PUNCT	"	PUNCT	 "
The squadron patrolled the area between Alexandria, the Aegean Sea and the central Mediterranean from 27 to 30 June 1940 as part of Operation MA3 in support of British convoys from the Greek ports to Port Said and from Alexandria to Malta. Argonauta was probably sunk near Cape	Cape	PROPN	Ras	PROPN	 Ras
1280 – 1305) was a Bulgarian noble of the 13th – 14th century. A member of the Terter dynasty and a younger brother of Tsar George I Terter, Aldimir was an influential local ruler as the despot of Kran. Aldimir rose to that position under his	his	PRON	brother	NOUN	 brother
Captain Ray made detailed plans involving exacting preparations for a movement of major strategic importance and of the most hazardous nature, then executed the mission with marked skill and coolness in the face of greatly superior enemy forces. In Australia, Ray served with MacArthur's General Headquarters	Headquarters	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
Opeth has sold over 1.5 million albums and DVDs worldwide, including 300,000 collective SoundScans of their albums Blackwater Park, Damnation and Deliverance in the United States. Opeth was formed as a death metal band in the autumn of 1990 in Stockholm, Sweden by vocalist David Isberg	Isberg	PROPN	.	PUNCT	.
" In certain regards, Bhattacharyya notes, Shaktism has so infused mainstream Hinduism that it has " ceased to be a sectarian religion, " and presents " no difficulty for anyone to accept its essence. " Shakta oriented temples and pilgrimage sites draw ever growing crowds and	and	CCONJ	recognition	NOUN	 recognition
The class was originally numbered 106, but NSB changed the numbering system in 1956, and the class was renumbered to 66. The units consisted of three cars, given the lettering BFM, B and BS. They were numbered 66.01 – 04, 66.31 – 34	34	NUM	and	CCONJ	 and
Darius spent the winter of 516 515 BCE in Gandhara, preparing to conquer the Indus Valley. Darius conquered the lands surrounding the Indus River in 515 BCE. Darius I controlled the Indus Valley from Gandhara to modern Karachi and appointed the Greek Scylax of Caryanda to explore	explore	VERB	the	DET	 the
He returned to 1953 with an aging national team in decline and despite the loss of the Ashes, commentators felt that Lindwall was at his zenith in terms of his bowling craft. Upon returning to Australia, Lindwall moved north to Queensland due to work commitments and then	then	ADV	suffered	VERB	 suffered
During the off season, Canucks centre Ryan Kesler underwent hip surgery, sidelining him for the start of the 2011 – 12 campaign. With the centre position on the second line vacant, Hodgson competed with the newly acquired Andrew Ebbett to temporarily replace Kesler. After being	being	AUX	cut	VERB	 cut
The JNA barracks in Našice surrendered on 21 September. The JNA Varaždin Corps surrendered the next day, providing the ZNG with a major caché of weapons. In the first few days of the blockade, the Croatian forces also captured several small JNA posts in Split,	,	PUNCT	but	CCONJ	 but
Foals are born with brown and white striping, with the brown stripes darkening as they grow older. Embryological evidence has shown that the zebra's background colour is dark and the white is an addition. The stripes of the zebra may serve to make it look bigger	bigger	ADJ	than	SCONJ	 than
All gardens in the lake periphery and houseboats anchored in the lake are approachable through shikaras. The boats are often navigated by two boatmen dressed in " Phiron " (traditional dress) and carry ' Kangris ' or portable heaters on the boat. A shikara can seat	seat	VERB	about	ADV	 about
The early courtyard was later divided into several smaller patios. The last phase of construction at the Palace dates to the joint reign of Hun Iq ' and Lajuj Noj, by the end of which the palace covered an area of more than 3,000 square metres (32,000	32,000	NUM	sq	NOUN	 sq
Moreover, people can only be guided by the law if judges apply it correctly. Natural justice must be adhered to. For the law to be applied correctly, requirements such as an open and fair hearing and an absence of bias are essential. Courts must have	have	VERB	the	DET	 the
" Furthermore, the king could no longer go to war without the consent of the baronage, nor could he make reforms of the coinage. Additionally, it was decided that parliament should be held at least once a year. Parallel to these decisions were reforms of	of	ADP	the	DET	 the
These features do not allow complete digestion of lignified growth. Individuals may often move into new locations foraging for fresh growth. Like other neotragines, the royal antelope is monogamous, though polygamy has been occasionally observed. Both sexes can become sexually mature by as early as	as	ADP	six	NUM	 six
After a lengthy debate, the fledgling colonial government decided to take over its operation. Rather than disappearing like its three counterparts, the Toronto observatory was upgraded, and its mission was expanded as it became a meteorological station (see Meteorological Service of Canada) under the	the	DET	direction	NOUN	 direction
He called a boycott of the ARU against handling trains with Pullman cars, in what became the nationwide Pullman Strike, affecting most lines west of Detroit, and more than 250,000 workers in 27 states. To keep the mail running, President Grover Cleveland used the United	United	PROPN	States	PROPN	 States
The bus routes are divided into three types of service, numbered according to destination: frequent bus rapid transit on the unnumbered Swift, 24 local routes in the 100s for southern Snohomish County and 200s for northern and eastern Snohomish County, and 22 weekday peak only commuter	commuter	NOUN	express	ADJ	 express
The synagogue was built in 1890. Its architecture is typical of the region, with a square shape and discreet neo romanesque ornaments. Its cupola was destroyed in 1940 by the Nazis and never rebuilt. The Jewish cemetery, located outside the old town, was opened	opened	VERB	in	ADP	 in
Fluor Corporation's predecessor, Rudolph Fluor & Brother, was founded in 1890 by John Simon Fluor and his two brothers in Oshkosh, Wisconsin as a saw and paper mill. John Fluor acted as its president and contributed $100 in personal savings to help the business	business	NOUN	get	AUX	 get
The state expressed similar sentiments in 1949, deeming the stretch unsafe for commercial traffic. By the 1960s, the annual average daily traffic count along NY 117 had grown to 5,000 vehicles per day, far more than the 1,800 that the road had originally been built to	to	PART	serve	VERB	 serve
The X Men films were well received by fans of the comic books, but there was criticism of the large cast, and the limited screentime for all of them. Richard George of IGN praised the depictions of Wolverine, Professor X, Magneto, Jean Grey,	,	PUNCT	Storm	PROPN	 Storm
The historical period for Giselle is not indicated in the story. Paul Lormier, the chief costume designer at the Paris Opéra, probably consulted Gautier on this matter. It is also possible that Pillet had the ballet's budget in mind and decided to use the many	many	ADJ	Renaissance	PROPN	 Renaissance
His religious education was wholly Anglican. At age 10 George took part in a family production of Joseph Addison's play Cato and said in the new prologue: " What, tho ' a boy! It may with truth be said, A boy in England born	born	VERB	,	PUNCT	,
Cassidy's arrangement of " Over the Rainbow " is a popular cover choice by singing competition contestants, with American Idol season 5 runner up Katharine McPhee and The X Factor season 3 winner Leona Lewis among the singers. Her interpretation of " Imagine " has been performed	performed	VERB	by	ADP	 by
The Giants appeared to have a bright future coming off their 1986 championship season as they were one of the younger teams in the league. They struggled the next season however, falling to 6 – 9 in the strike shortened 1987 season. Taylor caused strife in the	the	DET	locker	NOUN	 locker
His wife's new lover was represented in the episode " The Big Finish? " by the character Brian Magboy (Simon Schatzberger), a name inspired by Brian: Maggie's boy. Moffat brought in the character so that all sorts of unfortunate things would happen	happen	VERB	to	ADP	 to
Paton spent the last twenty years of his life in retirement in Jersey in the Channel Islands. In his working life he had visited 48 countries and spent 3152 days abroad. During his career with Gibb and Partners he had grown the company from a 400 employee,	,	PUNCT	home	NOUN	 home
By extortionate taxation, it was claimed, Henry had impoverished the land. He had also infringed the liberties of the Church, violated Magna Carta, and corrupted justice. When Louis IX made his decision on 23 January 1264, it was entirely in favour of Henry	Henry	PROPN	III	PROPN	 III
It was announced that he had a recovery period of about 12 months and would be out for the season. The injury was described as a " devastating blow " to the program by ESPN.com writer Eamonn Brennan. Chambers addressed the situation, saying, " I have	have	VERB	no	DET	 no
It also became Anggun's first French single to chart on the Swiss Singles Chart, peaking at number 58. Released in February 2005, Anggun's third French album, Luminescence, entered the French Albums Chart at number 30 and was later certified gold for selling 100,000	100,000	NUM	copies	NOUN	 copies
On 10 May 2016, an explosion near Damascus International Airport killed top military commander Mustafa Badreddine. Lebanese media sources attributed the attack to an Israeli airstrike. Hezbollah attributed the attack to Syrian opposition. After the September 11, 2001 attacks, Hezbollah condemned al Qaeda for	for	ADP	targeting	VERB	 targeting
In 1938 architect Claude Bragdon reminisced of the excitement he felt when he saw Little Nemo, saying he " had witnessed the birth of a new art ". Nemo appeared on stage and in theaters within the same week, but McCay postponed the theatrical releases of his	his	PRON	next	ADJ	 next
It is the group's 23rd overall release. Mike E. Clark produced much of Insane Clown Posse's discography, as well as working with other groups on Psychopathic Records, until having a falling out with ICP in 2000, after completing ICP's album's Bizaar and	and	CCONJ	Bizzar	PROPN	 Bizzar
He finished his career at South Philadelphia High with 1,186 points. He was on the All State Second Team and the Philadelphia Daily News named him to their All City Team. In addition, Moore participated in the All Star Labor Classic. Hoop Scoop named him the	the	DET	166th	ADJ	 166th
A number of progressive bands released singles that became pop hits. The genre has always had its greatest appeal for white males. Most of the musicians involved were male, as was the case for most rock music of the time, although Curved Air vocalist Sonja Kristina	Kristina	PROPN	and	CCONJ	 and
He also recommended the anarchist literature especially Kropotkin's writings rather than Marx's works, which were most influential in the SPD. The position that the general strike could be used, but only as a last resort, became dominant in the party during the mass strike	strike	NOUN	debate	NOUN	 debate
There is a lesson here for ambitious system architects: the most dangerous enemy of a better solution is an existing codebase that is just good enough. Other factors that contributed to low adoption of Plan 9 include the lack of commercial backup, the low number of end	end	NOUN	user	NOUN	 user
Bolton also defeated top division opposition in the form of Everton (3 – 2) and Aston Villa (1 – 0) that year. Bolton reached the Premiership in 1995 thanks to a 4 – 3 victory over Reading in the Division One play off Final.	.	PUNCT	Reading	NOUN	 Reading
Jack and Joshamee Gibbs discover Barbossa has stolen the Black Pearl again, but Jack planned ahead and cut out Sao Feng's navigational charts, departing from Tortuga alone to track down the mythical Fountain of Youth to become immortal. In a post credits scene, set ten	ten	NUM	years	NOUN	 years
Zenithia, also called Zenith Castle, Zenith, or Tenkū jō (天空城, " Heaven Castle ") in Japanese, is a floating castle that first appears in Dragon Quest IV; it is used as a descriptor for several elements in Dragon Quest IV, V	V	PROPN	and	CCONJ	 and
Their first project was to facilitate the development of a video game by throwing a women only game design contest, whereby five nominees would offer proposals and the winner would see their game developed and released through Steam. The winning entry, Afterlife Empire, was designed and	and	CCONJ	written	VERB	 written
Crawford, who played as an amateur but was not independently wealthy, received an increased expenses allowance during 1908, but other financial dealings with the committee were less successful: they paid his laundry bills in 1905, but refused to do so afterwards; additionally, they	they	PRON	refused	VERB	 refused
George Stephanopoulos, the transition communications director, said that " President elect Clinton has complete confidence in Zoë Baird. " Some in the Clinton inner circle persisted in believing that Baird's offense was akin to a traffic ticket in seriousness, but Democratic senators told them otherwise	otherwise	ADV	;	PUNCT	;
Dorothy gains control of the Flying Monkeys by giving back the group's Magic Biker Cap to Sal Minella. She has Scarecrow and Tin Thing rebuilt by the Flying Monkeys. Then she and her friends travel back to the Emerald City to have their wishes granted. When	When	SCONJ	they	PRON	 they
Shackleton's original intention was to sail down to Cape Town, visiting the main South Atlantic islands on the way. From Cape Town, Quest would head for the Enderby Land coast of Antarctica where, once in the ice, it would explore the coastline towards Coats	Coats	PROPN	Land	PROPN	 Land
In 1920, a Bund Deutscher Tabakgegner in der Tschechoslowakei (Federation of German Tobacco Opponents in Czechoslovakia) was formed in Prague, after Czechoslovakia was separated from Austria at the end of World War I. A Bund Deutscher Tabakgegner in Deutschösterreich (Federation of German Tobacco Opponents in	in	ADP	German	PROPN	 German
Because of the difficulties of navigating past the mill pools, the Conservators of the River Tone decided to buy the mill at Firepool in December 1793 with a view to demolishing it " for the benefit of the navigation ", and they obtained it for just £32	32	NUM	.	PUNCT	.
The first post war project on MD 24 was the reconstruction of the highway from Norris Corner to Van Bibber starting in 1950. By the time the project to resurface the highway in bituminous concrete ended in 1952, MD 24 was extended south through Edgewood, replacing MD	MD	PROPN	408	NUM	 408
The conclusion of Crisis on Infinite Earths changed DC Universe continuity in many ways. Following the reboot, Barbara Gordon is born to Roger and Thelma Gordon, and she is Jim Gordon's niece / adopted daughter in current canon. Post Crisis, Supergirl does not arrive	arrive	VERB	on	ADP	 on
The upper basin generally receives snow and rain during the winter and early spring, while precipitation in the lower basin falls mainly during intense but infrequent summer thunderstorms brought on by the North American Monsoon. As of 2010, approximately 12.7 million people lived in the Colorado River	River	PROPN	basin	NOUN	 basin
If the item did not sell, the scrip had no value. Also in downtown was the Bank of Monte Ne. It was organized by Harvey in 1905 and the building was designed, like many buildings in Monte Ne, by A. O. Clarke. The two	two	NUM	story	NOUN	 story
He recruited a mix of Iroquois and Loyalists estimated to number between two and three hundred by the time he began his campaign in late May. One of his objectives was to acquire provisions for his forces and those of John Butler, who was planning operations in the	the	DET	Susquehanna	PROPN	 Susquehanna
A colleague, recognising that the young man had talent but lacked technique, recommended him to the Royal Academy of Dramatic Art (RADA). Gielgud was awarded a scholarship to the academy and trained there throughout 1923 under Kenneth Barnes, Helen Haye and Claude Rains.	.	PUNCT	The	DET	 The
Teach rallied his men and the two groups fought across the deck, which was already slick with blood from those killed or injured by Teach's broadside. Maynard and Teach fired their flintlocks at each other, then threw them away. Teach drew his cutlass and managed	managed	VERB	to	PART	 to
The group check each other for black nodules and find none, although Mulder reminds Scully that the nodules disappeared from the dog over time. When Mulder finds Murphy in the freezer with his throat cut, the others (including Scully) believe that he has become infected	infected	VERB	and	CCONJ	 and
Duchovny's audition was " terrific ", though he talked rather slowly. While the casting director of the show was very positive toward him, Carter thought that he was not particularly intelligent. He asked Duchovny if he could " please " imagine himself as an FBI	FBI	PROPN	agent	NOUN	 agent
By the time the team departed for Australia in late March they had played 74 matches in Britain, but due to injury Warbrick only appeared in 14; in contrast David Gage featured in 68 matches, and eight other members played more than 50. Joe Warbrick was	was	AUX	not	PART	 not
In addition, they directed some skepticism towards the reuse of scenes and characters, with critical opinion divided on the degree of success in this regard. A point of contention rose between British and American reviewers over the story and setting, exemplified in PC Gamer; whilst	whilst	SCONJ	positive	ADJ	 positive
" Magliocco calls Aradia " the first real text of the 20th century Witchcraft revival ", and it is repeatedly cited as being profoundly influential on the development of Wicca. The text apparently corroborates the thesis of Margaret Murray that early modern and Renaissance witchcraft represented a survival	survival	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
However, the Ministry of Defence announced in March 2007 that this so called " Fix to Field " programme would be cancelled, and instead it would revert the helicopters ' avionics to Chinook Mk2 / 2A specification. The programme was estimated to cost £50 – 60	60	NUM	million	NUM	 million
When the Company relayed this idea south, the South Africans said they were happy to take the Southern Rhodesians, but only if they enlisted independently in existing Union regiments. The Company found itself in the unusual position of having a prospective expeditionary force that nobody wanted.	.	PUNCT	Unwilling	ADJ	 Unwilling
The abandoned hulk of Yūdachi was sunk by Portland, whose guns were still functioning despite other damage to the ship. The tugboat Bobolink motored around Ironbottom Sound throughout the day of 13 November, assisting the damaged U.S. ships and rescuing U.S. survivors from the water. Hiei	Hiei	PROPN	was	AUX	 was
This was due to the Article granting the police force right of access to private property, under the reason of ' safeguarding national security ', without court warrants. Coupled with years of economic hardships and deflation following the Asian Financial Crisis, a mass demonstration broke out	out	ADP	on	ADP	 on
Escher's artistic expression was created from images in his mind, rather than directly from observations and travels to other countries. His interest in the multiple levels of reality in art is seen in works such as Drawing Hands (1948), where two hands are shown	shown	VERB	,	PUNCT	,
Francis, who held the title of " Most Christian King ", also agreed to persuade Henry to relinquish the throne of Navarre in favor of Charles " in order to uproot the errors of the Lutheran sect and the rest of condemned sects ". Francis was released	released	VERB	on	ADP	 on
, in 1988. Shinehead's own appearance on the album bolstered his mainstream exposure as he was receiving American radio airplay with his debut single and performing on an international tour. Rhythm Killers was reissued by Island on 4 June 1990, but eventually became out of print	print	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
He thought the script for Numb3rs was " kinda cool ". However, he decided to audition for the part of Wilson on House, because his character on Numb3rs was in almost every scene of the show. Within the scope of a popular comparison that draws parallels	parallels	NOUN	between	ADP	 between
While Hillenburg, Derek Drymon, and Tim Hill were writing the pilot " Help Wanted ", Hillenburg was also conducting auditions to find voices for the show characters. He had created the character of SpongeBob with Tom Kenny, in which he utilised Kenny's and other	other	ADJ	people	NOUN	 people
She encouraged and supported his entry into local politics and was to be his constant companion, helper and trusted colleague, and to share in full his interests in housing and other political and social activities after his election as an MP. The two had a son and	and	CCONJ	a	DET	 a
Along this stretch, NY 143 has an intersection with County Route 26 (CR 26, named Larry Hill Road) just over 1 mile (1.6 km) from NY 443. After crossing into Albany County, NY 146 turns eastward and heads toward Albany, the	the	DET	capital	NOUN	 capital
Walker was born in Syracuse, New York, and was a high school football All American for Henninger High School in Syracuse. He was also a standout basketball player who averaged over twenty points a game as a sophomore and junior, but abandoned the sport for football	football	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
Ian Sharp, one of Lennon's art school friends, once made a sarcastic remark about Epstein, saying, " Which one of you [Beatles] does he fancy? " Sharp was sent a letter by Epstein's office within 48 hours that demanded a complete	complete	ADJ	apology	NOUN	 apology
In the 1938 – 39 season, the last year of football before the Second World War, the club finished 14th in the First Division. In October 1945, the impending resumption of football led to the managerial appointment of Matt Busby, who demanded an unprecedented level	level	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
Past this point, NY 26 and NY 41 head due north along the river's west bank into the town of Cincinnatus. The overlap comes to an end near the hamlet of Gee Brook, where NY 41 splits from NY 26 and veers northwestward into a rural	rural	ADJ	valley	NOUN	 valley
The Game Informer reviewer hoped to see a more effective implementation of.hack's concept in the future. Japanese magazine Famitsu Weekly gave the.hack games scores in the 29 to 30 out of 40 range, indicating average reviews. However, the Japanese Computer Entertainment Supplier's Association (	(	PUNCT	CESA	PROPN	CESA
Platonic psychology with its divisions of reason, spirit and appetite, also bears resemblance to the three gunas in the Indian philosophy of Samkhya. Based on these common features some scholars, most notably E.J. Urwick and M.L. West, have argued that the Ancient Greek philosophy was	was	AUX	influenced	VERB	 influenced
Also, of course, the League, lacking its own army, could not coerce any state to adhere to its recommendations. Even before Adolf Hitler seized control of Germany in 1933, the problems with the Minority Treaties were evident. Various European governments continued to abuse	abuse	VERB	minorities	NOUN	 minorities
A review of the video also commented " Ms. Spears gives us her best Janet Jackson impression (“ Miss You Much “) with a dizzying chair dance routine. " Spears also referenced and draws inspiration from Janet in several other music videos, including " Don't	n't	PART	Let	VERB	 Let
Afterwards he took contact with County Governor Olav Oksvik and the two started working towards implementing the plans. Along with Engineer Gunnar Tonning, Løvold traveled several times to Oslo to meet with national politicians and authorities. In addition to Torp, he consulted the engineering company Aas	Aas	PROPN	Jakobsen	PROPN	 Jakobsen
The idea was first posed by Mark Hammerstone of Palmer Township, a decanter collector who approached Schultz with the concept in 1978. Schultz brought the idea to the distillery, which chose to base their second annual Christmas decanter on the Peace Candle. They spent $3,500	3,500	NUM	to	PART	 to
But in the tiny micro world of EastEnders, even the three mile odyssey from Walford to the West End is considered an epic journey. So Central America is simply out of the question " with another saying, " Abi was a little girl arranging tearful funerals for	for	ADP	her	PRON	 her
This region formed a part of the K ' iche ' kingdom, and a K ' iche ' army tried unsuccessfully to prevent the Spanish from crossing the river. Once across, the conquistadors ransacked nearby settlements. On 8 February 1524 Alvarado's army fought a battle	battle	NOUN	at	ADP	 at
Musial also had the benefit of learning about baseball from his neighbor Joe Barbao, a former minor league pitcher. When he enrolled in school, his name was formally changed to Stanley Frank Musial. At age 15 Musial joined the Donora Zincs, a semi professional team	team	NOUN	managed	VERB	 managed
" Jay Z expands on the album's overarching theme of self doubt: " And since no good deed go unpunished / I'm not as cool with niggaz as I once was / I once was cool as the Fonz was / But these bright lights turned me	me	PRON	to	ADP	 to
Alternatively, using a type III secretion system, they may insert a hollow tube into the host cell, providing a direct route for proteins to move from the pathogen to the host. These proteins are often used to shut down host defenses. An evasion strategy used	used	VERB	by	ADP	 by
The pleurocystidia (cystidia on the gill face) are scattered, similar to the cheilocystidia in form and size, hyaline, and some have bifurcated or branched necks. The subhymenium (a layer of cells immediately below the hymenium) consists of spherical cells that are interwoven	interwoven	ADJ	with	ADP	 with
While the scientific community had long known of Marsh and Cope's rivalry, the public became aware of the shameful conduct of the two men when the New York Herald published a story with the headline " Scientists Wage Bitter Warfare. " According to author Elizabeth Noble Shor	Shor	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
Other iron from the castle was sent to build siege engines in Hereford. The manufacturing capability of St Briavels Castle gave the king a distinct advantage over potential baronial enemies, with the supply of arms from the castle to Marcher Lords threatened by the Welsh being one of	of	ADP	the	DET	 the
Following peak intensity, the storm's broad wind field and slow forward motion led to significant ocean upwelling. With cooler sea surface temperatures and low ocean heat content, the coverage of deep convection decreased and Nate weakened to a tropical storm at 0600 UTC on September 9	9	NUM	.	PUNCT	.
While working on " The Card Cheat ", the band recorded each part twice to create a " sound as big as possible ". " Lover's Rock " advocates safe sex and planning. The final track, " Train in Vain ", was originally excluded	excluded	VERB	from	ADP	 from
Transferred to the Grand Fleet afterwards she damaged the German battlecruiser Lützow during the Battle of Jutland and watched Invincible explode. She was deemed obsolete after the war and was sold for scrap in 1921. The Invincible class ships were formally known as armoured cruisers until 1911 when	when	SCONJ	they	PRON	 they
In 1997, the age distribution of Bethlehem's inhabitants was 27.4% under the age of 10, 20% from 10 to 19, 17.3% from 20 – 29, 17.7% from 30 to 44, 12.1% from 45 – 64 and 5.3% above	above	ADP	the	DET	 the
For other countries, the percentage of GDP may be even higher, such as the United Kingdom, where is may be as high as 70%. Because this unpaid work is largely done by women and is unreported in economic indicators, it results in these contributions	contributions	NOUN	by	ADP	 by
In July 1941 Japan sent troops to southern Indochina, thus threatening British and Dutch possessions in the Far East. The United States, United Kingdom and other Western governments reacted to this move with a freeze on Japanese assets and a total oil embargo. Since early 1941	1941	NUM	the	DET	 the
Shute was preparing to return to Massachusetts in 1727 when King George I died. King George II chose to give the Massachusetts governorship to William Burnet instead of renewing Shute's commission, and he renewed Dummer's commission as lieutenant governor. The matter of colonial currency arose	arose	VERB	again	ADV	 again
Though the original text has been lost, a reference in Archimedes ' book The Sand Reckoner describes Aristarchus's heliocentric model. Archimedes wrote: (translated into English): " You, King Gelon, are aware the Universe is the name given by most astronomers to the	the	DET	sphere	NOUN	 sphere
While Blackbeard quietly returned to Topsail Inlet, Bonnet stayed in Bath to get a " clearance " to take the Revenge to Denmark's Caribbean colony of St. Thomas, where he planned to buy a letter of marque and go privateering against Spanish shipping. Eden granted Bonnet	Bonnet	PROPN	this	DET	 this
Earned his first bar to the Military Medal at the bloody Battle of Passchendaele. His second bar to the Military Medal came at the battle of The Scarpe, in 1918. Only 37 other Canadian men received the honour of two bars. The 1914 – 15 Star	Star	PROPN	The	DET	 The
The state highway curves east again at an intersection with its old alignment, Postal Road, in Chester shortly before an intersection with MD 552 (Dominion Road). MD 18B continues around the south end of Piney Creek before entering the hamlet of Kent Narrows, where	where	SCONJ	the	DET	 the
In the first round of the tournament, they defeated the number ten seed Providence 92 – 79 making a Big East Tournament record 17 three point shots. They lost to the second seeded Louisville Cardinals, 82 – 71, in double overtime. Their 22 – 9	9	NUM	record	NOUN	 record
At the Lawrence Livermore National Laboratory, Lee was exposed to toxic doses of radiation, which caused a degenerative nerve disorder that prevents him from walking without a wheelchair or Segway. Lee enjoys collecting gadgets and has a collection of old sports cars. He enjoys socialising with	with	ADP	musicians	NOUN	 musicians
Under the Public Health Act 1848 the area of the poor law union became Glendale Rural Sanitary District, which from 1889 formed a second tier of local government under Northumberland County Council. The four townships became civil parishes in their own right, separate from Kirknewton but within	within	ADP	the	DET	 the
Following an unauthorized internet leak, the accompanying music video was officially released on 20 September 2012, four days earlier than the intended release date. Directed by Vaughan Arnell, the clip, which has a camping festival theme, was generally well received by critics, who	who	PRON	commended	VERB	 commended
Her anti aircraft batteries opened up immediately but failed to hit the intruder. On the morning of 8 June, her guns fired on Isigny, then on a shore battery, and finally on Trévières once more. After that, she retired to Plymouth to rearm,	,	PUNCT	returning	VERB	 returning
Gaudí's work is normally classed as modernista, and it belongs to this movement because of its eagerness to renovate without breaking with tradition, its quest for modernity, the ornamental sense applied to works, and the multidisciplinary character of its undertakings, where craftsmanship plays a	a	DET	central	ADJ	 central
However, the remake was officially canceled in July 2015. Since 2009, there has been a Dirty Dancing Festival in Lake Lure, North Carolina. In the summer of 1963, 18 year old Frances " Baby " Houseman (Jennifer Grey) is vacationing with her	her	PRON	affluent	ADJ	 affluent
Malaria was eliminated from most parts of the USA in the early 20th century by such methods, and the use of the pesticide DDT and other means eliminated it from the remaining pockets in the South in the 1950s. (see National Malaria Eradication Program) In Suriname	Suriname	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
Along the journey the train stopped because of air raids throughout the day and night. The German guards made it clear they had disdain for the British airmen. When civilians saw them in the carriages and the stations insults and death threats were shouted at them. Joseph	Joseph	PROPN	Goebbels	PROPN	 Goebbels
The first incarnation of the character was the one created by the first human host to the symbiote, Eddie Brock, and — since 2011 — its current host, Flash Thompson). Beginning with Venom: Lethal Protector, eighteen limited series following Brock's adventures were	were	AUX	published	VERB	 published
Sarah was seen as the driving force behind this bill, creating further ill feeling towards her at court. William responded to the demand by offering the same sum from the Privy Purse, to keep Anne dependent on his generosity. However, Anne, through Sarah,	,	PUNCT	refused	VERB	 refused
" Washington, in a review for Otaku USA, commended that it " is entertaining overall " and has " an overall fun vibe " because of it " smooth " art; he, however, criticized what he called " serious misogynistic tendencies. " Cobra the	the	DET	Animation	NOUN	 Animation
By 1995, the show had won two Peabody Awards and four Parents ' Choice Awards. In addition, it was the subject of retrospectives at the Smithsonian Institution and the Museum of Modern Art. In 2011, puppeteer Kevin Clash was the subject of the documentary Being	Being	AUX	Elmo	PROPN	 Elmo
Spring Creek is a southeast flowing, 9 mile (14 km) long tributary of the Sacramento River, receiving water from approximately 16 square miles (41 km2) of land. The creek begins in the Klamath Mountains above the Sacramento River drainage, and flows in	in	ADP	a	DET	 a
" American paddlefish are filter feeding pelagic fish that require large, free flowing rivers with braided channels, backwater areas, oxbow lakes that are rich in zooplankton, and gravel bars for spawning. Series of dams on rivers such as those constructed on the Missouri River have	have	AUX	impounded	VERB	 impounded
These techniques for sequencing DNA generate shorter fragments than Sanger sequencing; Ion Torrent PGM System and 454 pyrosequencing typically produces ~ 400 bp reads, Illumina MiSeq produces 400 700bp reads (depending on whether paired end options are used), and SOLiD produce 25 75 bp reads	reads	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
At Cyber Sunday, The Miz was voted online by fans to challenge Punk for the ECW Title, though, Punk defeated Miz to retain his title. A Triple Threat match was announced for Survivor Series on the November 13, 2007 episode of ECW on Sci Fi	Fi	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
O'Reilly said Lindwall was playing in the same manner as when he made his maiden Test century in the last Ashes series, but he then played around a straight ball from Bedser, and was bowled for 15 to leave the score at 275 / 8. Tallon kept	kept	VERB	on	ADP	 on
The skin is used to make leather products, the liver oil for vitamins, and the fins for shark fin soup. In the waters of the United States, this species is considered a nuisance bycatch of longlines, gillnets, and trawls. It is also occasionally	occasionally	ADV	caught	VERB	 caught
High concentrations of oxygen also increase the formation of other free radicals, such as nitric oxide, peroxynitrite, and trioxidane, which harm DNA and other biomolecules. Although the body has many antioxidant systems such as glutathione that guard against oxidative stress, these systems are eventually	eventually	ADV	overwhelmed	ADJ	 overwhelmed
On August 7, 2012, a pre recorded album titled Begin was released in the United States. The album consists of cover songs as well as a new original track titled " Broken ". On February 12, 2013, a new song called " Don't	n't	PART	Run	VERB	 Run
For this project he was assisted by his aides Domènec Sugrañes, Joan Rubió and Josep Canaleta. The facade is of Montjuïc sandstone cut to create warped ruled surfaces; the columns are bone shaped with vegetable decoration. Gaudí kept the rectangular shape of the old building's	's	PART	balconies	NOUN	 balconies
Two of them were shot down during the attack. While returning to Japan, Vice Admiral Chūichi Nagumo, commander of the First Air Fleet, ordered that Sōryū and Hiryū be detached on 16 December to attack the defenders of Wake Island who had already defeated the first	first	ADJ	Japanese	ADJ	 Japanese
" It was also reported that of the 50 million viewers who watch it every month, 20 million are adults. The season was well received by media critics and fans. In 2002, the show itself was nominated at the Primetime Emmy Awards for Outstanding Children's	's	PART	Program	PROPN	 Program
Black Sabbath placed at number 73 on their top list. Boris Karloff enjoyed working with Bava on Black Sabbath and he praised his work to both Christopher Lee and Vincent Price who would later go on to work with Bava in The Whip and the Body and Dr. Goldfoot	Goldfoot	PROPN	and	CCONJ	 and
In March of that year, Murray wrote to Commissioner Richard Alton Graham that the Equal Employment Opportunity Commission was not fulfilling its duty in upholding the gendered portion of its mission, leaving only half the black population protected. Later she and Dorothy Kenyon successfully argued White v.	v.	ADP	Crook	PROPN	 Crook
The move raised Hussein's suspicions and prompted him to order Abu Nuwar to withdraw the unit, which he did. Hussein believed the move was a presage to an impending coup. Abu Nuwar sought to allay Hussein's concerns and told him it was a routine exercise	exercise	NOUN	executed	VERB	 executed
However, by this point in time, the aircraft was no longer earmarked for conversion into the SCNA role. Perhaps the most radical of Shed Light's projects were two C 123 K Provider aircraft modified in September 1965 under Project Black Spot. Black Spot had been	been	AUX	in	ADP	 in
Lewisville paid the company $15,000 to come to the city, with a promise of another $5,000 on completion. The company fulfilled the deal by completing the railroad tracks to a point just south of Lewisville on the morning of the deadline, and the line began	began	VERB	running	VERB	 running
Warwick Castle was recognised as Britain's best castle by the Good Britain Guide 2003. Around this time it was getting in excess of half a million visitors a year. The castle is protected against unauthorised change as a Scheduled Ancient Monument in recognition of its status as	as	ADP	a	DET	 a
The state of Florida stockpiled food for those affected by the storm, establishing depots in West Palm Beach, Miami, and Fort Myers, and the Governor of Florida, Spessard Holland, ordered state agencies to prepare for relief work. A detachment of officers from the	the	DET	Florida	PROPN	 Florida
Paesano estimated that each episode has around 25 – 30 minutes of music in it. In approaching the series ' score, Paesano looked to DeKnight, who " had a very clear vision of what he wanted... music you could feel and not necessarily hear. "	"	PUNCT	The	DET	 The
Route 287, after the split with Route 6, heads to the northeast, entering the community of Wellsboro Junction. Wellsboro Junction is mainly fields, with the route heading as the main highway. After passing a few factories, Route 287 turns to the northeast and	and	CCONJ	out	ADP	 out
Outraged, Danny pummels Maxie for the betrayal and helps Ronnie escape him. Maxie sends his henchmen after Danny. Shark and another gang member trap him in an alley. Danny knocks out one of his pursuers. Then Shark stabs Danny, but kills himself in the	the	DET	struggle	NOUN	 struggle
" The final chapters 25, 26 and 27 turn to the insects. Chapter 25 looks at caterpillars, with, as Poulton had earlier noted, convincing examples of countershading. Plate 13 shows caterpillars including the " larger spotted beech leaf edge caterpillar " both in position	position	NOUN	"	PUNCT	 "
Radio services come from Radio Entreolas, Radio Atardecer, Radio Somos Pichilemu (directed by former Mayor Jorge Vargas González and his wife and current Councilor Andrea Aranda), Radio Isla, and Radio Corporación. A television channel, Canal 3 Pichilemu, also broadcasts in the	the	DET	area	NOUN	 area
With Buc starting cornerback Rod Jones injured, Lomax exploited Bobby Futrell throughout the game. Stump Mitchell rushed for 101 yards and a touchdown. at Indianapolis Hoosierdome, Indianapolis, Indiana The Colts ' 24 – 6 victory over the Buccaneers clinched their first playoff berth in 10	10	NUM	years	NOUN	 years
More roads were built with Congressional appropriations in the 1820s and 1830s connecting Detroit to Port Huron, Saginaw, Grand Rapids and Chicago. Townships were given authority to construct roads under the supervision of county commissioners in 1817. This supervision was difficult since in one case,	,	PUNCT	one	NUM	 one
In late 1944, the Australian Government committed twelve Australian Army brigades to replace six US Army divisions which were conducting defensive roles in Bougainville, New Britain and the Aitape – Wewak area in New Guinea in order to free up the American units for operations in the Philippines	Philippines	PROPN	.	PUNCT	.
New wave, present in some of No Doubt's later work, continues to be incorporated into Love. Angel. Music. Baby., drawing comparisons to The Go Go's and Cyndi Lauper. Stefani cited Club Nouveau, Depeche Mode, Lisa Lisa, Prince	Prince	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
Zack appears as a young man with spiky black hair, standing 6 feet 3 inches (191 cm) tall. He wears the SOLDIER 1st class uniform, consisting of a black, sleeveless turtleneck, black boots, and armor. In Crisis Core, Zack has	has	VERB	two	NUM	 two
The shows received positive reviews from music critics. Reviewers were impressed by Gaga's vocals, the choreography, and the overall presentation of the show. The shows were sold out with ticket prices being above the average costs of tickets at the venue. Billboard revealed that	that	SCONJ	the	DET	 the
The tests compared the relative merits of the FN 5.7 × 28 mm cartridge and the HK 4.6 × 30 mm cartridge, which was created by German small arms manufacturer Heckler & Koch as a competitor to the 5.7 × 28 mm. The results of the NATO tests	tests	NOUN	were	AUX	 were
He held that the book's literary merit was irrelevant because a well written obscene book was even more harmful than a poorly written one. The topic in itself was not necessarily unacceptable; a book that depicted the " moral and physical degradation which indulgence in those vices	vices	NOUN	must	AUX	 must
Scott D. Pierce of the Deseret News dubbed Kim " a teenage Powerpuff Girl ", while Betsy Wallace of Common Sense Media also drew further similarities between the character and The Powerpuff Girls, as well as Buffy and Sydney. In review of the film Kim Possible:	:	PUNCT	So	ADV	 So
The cheetah has been classified as Vulnerable by the IUCN; it is listed under Appendix I of the Convention on the Conservation of Migratory Species of Wild Animals (CMS) and Appendix I of CITES (Convention on International Trade in Endangered Species). In 2014 the	the	DET	CITES	PROPN	 CITES
Roger Ebert gave a mixed review. " Preston Tucker lacks an ounce of common sense or any notion of the real odds against him. And since the movie never really deals with that - never really comes to grips with Tucker's character - it begins as a	a	DET	saga	NOUN	 saga
Universities, government agencies such as the National Severe Storms Laboratory, private sector meteorologists, and the National Center for Atmospheric Research are some of the organizations very active in research; with various sources of funding, both private and public, a chief entity being the National	National	PROPN	Science	PROPN	 Science
Flight Data Recorder (FDR) information recovered after the crash and released by Brazilian authorities showed that immediately prior to touchdown, both thrust levers were in CL (or " climb ") position, with engine power being governed by the flight computer's autothrottle system.	.	PUNCT	Two	NUM	 Two
Presto spent millions of U.S. dollars developing the game, using the studio's entire staff to complete the project. Development took two and a half years, of which nine months were spent on design and pre production. Pre rendered environments, like those in the earlier	earlier	ADJ	Myst	PROPN	 Myst
On 27 February of the following year, Chrisye and Yanti had twin sons, Randa Pramasha and Rayinda Prashatya. In 1992 Chrisye recorded a cover single of Koes Plus ' song " Cintamu T'lah Berlalu " (" Your Love has Passed ") with arrangement by Younky	Younky	PROPN	;	PUNCT	;
In India, a solution was proffered by means of a more holistic approach to the constitutional promise of equality. In Maneka Gandhi v. Union of India (1978), the learned Justice Prafullachandra Natwarlal Bhagwati noted that " an essential element of equality pervades Article 14 "	"	PUNCT	,	PUNCT	,
At the time of Bajana's arrival in the Somerset team, the county were struggling to compete in the County Championship, and were making a financial loss. In three of the four years prior to 1912, Somerset had finished bottom of the championship table, and	and	CCONJ	there	PRON	 there
Chris sees through the ruse and tells April she can go back, but that remaining his assistant may provide her career opportunities. He invites her to return with him to Indianapolis and she seems interested, leaving both Ann and Andy stunned and jealous. " Ron &	&	CCONJ	Tammy	PROPN	 Tammy
In May 1955, Eastwood put four hours ' work into the film Never Say Goodbye and had a minor uncredited role as a ranch hand (his first western film) in August 1955 with Law Man, also known as Stars in the Dust. Universal presented him	him	PRON	with	ADP	 with
Through the various games played and hardships endured, Gawain finds his place within the Christian world. Feminist literary critics see the poem as portraying women's ultimate power over men. Morgan le Fay and Bertilak's wife, for example, are the most powerful characters in	in	ADP	the	DET	 the
Alan Sepinwall of The Star Ledger said it was " another strong one ", and said the Leslie character is growing less clueless and more three dimensional. Robert Philpot of the Fort Worth Star Telegram said he believed the show still too closely resembled The Office, but	but	CCONJ	that	SCONJ	 that
Many have analyzed Attack on Titan as representing " the hopelessness felt by young people in today's society. " while writer Mao Yamawaki called it a " coming of age story of the boys and girls at its core, " with a new mystery every episode.	.	PUNCT	It	PRON	 It
However, Warren repeatedly stated that she had no intention of running for president. Warren remained neutral in the 2016 Democratic presidential primaries, endorsing presumptive nominee Hillary Clinton only after all fifty states had voted. On July 7, CNN reported that Warren was on a five	five	NUM	person	NOUN	 person
Jens Haugland noted the scheme of Trasti and Meisdalshagen in his diary, and that this caused Bratteli to keep himself " in the background ". This was a part of a broader schism in the party, where Meisdalshagen was the " strongest man in the group "	"	PUNCT	consisting	VERB	 consisting
A reviewer in The Musical Times commented on potential difficulties in assembling the wholly amateur chorus for performances beyond daily travelling range of their day jobs. By the time of the company's first London season – a week at Sadler's Wells in 1955 – the chorus was	was	AUX	judged	VERB	 judged
A third hallway can be added to the wing which will add 60 beds, and the maternity ward can also be expanded with a second floor to add 12 beds, which means the facility could be expanded to 180 beds. The hospital features a number of inpatient	inpatient	ADJ	support	NOUN	 support
The macaroni penguin's predators consist of birds and aquatic mammals. The leopard seal (Hydrurga leptonyx), Antarctic fur seal (Arctocephalus gazella), Subantarctic fur seal (A. tropicalis), and killer whale (Orcinus orca) sometimes hunt adult macaroni penguins in the	the	DET	water	NOUN	 water
After the casting of stones, animals are slaughtered to commemorate the story of Abraham and Ishmael. Traditionally the pilgrims slaughtered the animal themselves, or oversaw the slaughtering. Today many pilgrims buy a sacrifice voucher in Mecca before the greater Hajj begins, which allows an animal	animal	NOUN	to	PART	 to
Female hyenas are more flexible than males in their social bonding preferences. The higher ranking adult spotted hyenas tend to have higher telomere length, thus are healthier, naturally live longer, and reproduce more. Territory size is highly variable, ranging from less than 40 km2	km2	NOUN	in	ADP	 in
He told King Brian all that he had learned, took baptism, and gathered his men to come to Dublin with Brian's forces a week before Palm Sunday. According to Njal's saga, Bróðir tried by sorcery to predict the outcome of the battle against Brian	Brian	PROPN	.	PUNCT	.
With GTA, we always had the excuse that the gameplay was untethered — you never had to hurt anybody that wasn't a " bad guy " in one of the missions. You could play completely ethically if you wanted, and the game was parody anyway,	,	PUNCT	so	ADV	 so
But they get into trouble at the The Android's Dungeon when, after talking Martin Prince's mom out of selling Martin's rare and invaluable Star Wars items to Comic Book Guy for only five dollars, they are banned for life from Comic Book Guy's store	store	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
His running speed and " health " (the amount of damage that he can endure before dying) decrease every time the monsters grab him. In contrast to the previous installments of the series, which featured various types of monsters, Shattered Memories features only one type	type	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
They advanced quickly along the main road protected by flank guards; the 36th Jacob's Horse, 11th Cavalry Brigade, capturing some German soldiers along the way. About 100 enemy soldiers retreating from the direction of Mount Ephraim were captured during this advance, and while moving	moving	VERB	down	ADP	 down
In 1962 the Esalen Institute was established in Big Sur, California. It was from Esalen and other similar personal growth centers which had developed links to humanistic psychology that the human potential movement emerged, which would also come to exert a strong influence on the New Age	Age	PROPN	movement	NOUN	 movement
The latter was taken from Avatar ($42.0 million). The opening weekend record, when including previews, was surpassed by Titanic 3D ($74.2 million). Dark of the Moon ended its run with $167.95 million, marking the highest grossing film of	of	ADP	2011	NUM	 2011
This gene centric approach emphasizes the functional complement of the community as a whole rather than taxonomic groups, and shows that the functional complements are analogous under similar environmental conditions. Consequently, metadata on the environmental context of the metagenomic sample is especially important in comparative analyses,	,	PUNCT	as	SCONJ	 as
The ship departed on 1 September to refuel, but did not return to the Shanghai area. Accompanied by Ryūjō, she sailed to the South China coast and began operations against Chinese forces near Canton on 21 September. On that day, Hōshō contributed six fighters to	to	PART	escort	VERB	 escort
Though the Phillies batted.182 as a team in the series, Bancroft batted.294. Bancroft batted third in the Phillies ' lineup in 1916. However, he slumped to a.212 batting average that season, the lowest of his career. Despite his offensive struggles, he gained recognition	recognition	NOUN	for	ADP	 for
In fact, although English fishermen had begun setting up seasonal camps in Newfoundland in the 16th Century, they were expressly forbidden by the British government, at the urging of the West Country fishing industry, from establishing permanent settlements along the English controlled coast, hence the	the	DET	town	NOUN	 town
Divya Parameshwaran was appreciated in her debut role, while Pooja Chopra was credited as being " attractive too, but [her] expressions needed some honing ". Though Prashanth's stunt acts were appreciated, Rangarajan pointed out his character flaws, such as minimal expressions which	which	PRON	were	AUX	 were
The submarine had a maximum surface speed of 18.3 knots (33.9 km / h; 21.1 mph) and a maximum submerged speed of 7.3 knots (13.5 km / h; 8.4 mph). When submerged, the boat could operate for 63 nautical miles (117	117	NUM	km	NOUN	 km
US military commanders believed the war in Korea was over, and had ordered a number of other carriers out of the area and were subsequently under prepared at the beginning of the Chosin Reservoir Campaign when the Chinese People's Liberation Army entered the war against the UN.	.	PUNCT	Battlefield	NOUN	 Battlefield
There is, however, a small segment of Churches of Christ who oppose the " located minister " concept (see below). Churches of Christ hold to the priesthood of all believers. No special titles are used for preachers or ministers that would identify them as	as	ADP	"	PUNCT	 "
" Los Angeles Times writer Soren Baker complimented OutKast's " intelligent hip hop " and commented that " musically, the collection supplies some of the lushest tracks ever included on a hip hop record ", noting that the music will " stimulate the mind, touch the	the	DET	soul	NOUN	 soul
Forty three and Seven: A Short Illustrated History of the First Fifty Years of Teacher Education in Armidale: Armidale Teachers ' College, 1928 1971 and Armidale College of Advanced Education 1971 1978. Armidale, New South Wales: Armidale College of Advanced Education. p. 85	85	NUM	.	PUNCT	.
Budgets were really tiny, and we shot for ten days and brought the film in for about 8,000 pounds. " The filming of the adaptations took place at a variety of locations, although East Anglia, where M. R. James set many of his stories, was	was	AUX	the	DET	 the
He mentioned that he loved the show. " Upon his approval, Greiner contacted creator Ellin, who agreed to cast Eminem for a future appearance. The episode was used to promote Recovery, the seventh studio album of Eminem. " Lose Yourself " marks the conclusion	conclusion	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
They are part of the story of African Americans in Los Angeles, and the story of Los Angeles itself writ large. " Until long after the Civil Rights era (1955 – 1968), black travelers in the United States faced major problems to which most whites	whites	NOUN	were	AUX	 were
Realistic humanoid automatons were built by craftsman from every civilization, including Yan Shi, Hero of Alexandria, Al Jazari and Wolfgang von Kempelen. The oldest known automatons were the sacred statues of ancient Egypt and Greece. The faithful believed that craftsman had imbued these figures with	with	ADP	very	ADV	 very
This is the highest heraldic office in England; Garter is chairman of the Chapter of the College of Arms, as well as the King of Arms of the Order of the Garter. Due to his convivial life style, though, Brooke Little was not well suited	suited	ADJ	to	ADP	 to
" Both singles reached the top 10 of the Swedish singles chart, while the album, which was released in Sweden in October 1988, held the No. 1 position for fourteen weeks. Music critic Måns Ivarsson was underwhelmed by the album, " To consist of	of	ADP	two	NUM	 two
He became convinced that " the Die was cast, the Rubicon crossed. " Thomas Paine in Philadelphia had previously thought of the argument between the colonies and the Home Country as " a kind of law suit ", but after news of the battle reached him,	,	PUNCT	he	PRON	 he
In this condition, he acts to " create an international web that will [access] the ins and outs of criminal and corporate operations. " Within virtual reality, the character's augmented intelligence was described as a " fused bicameral mind ", able to maintain	maintain	VERB	a	DET	 a
Though the position of the Church of Scotland was " unalterably " secured, the Universities (Scotland) Act 1853 repealed the requirement that professors declare their faith before assuming a position. In Ireland, the Church of Ireland was entirely disestablished in 1869, though the Articles	Articles	PROPN	of	ADP	 of
For Minority Report however, his entry was delayed due to his work on Star Wars: Episode II – Attack of the Clones, and he joined the film when it was nearly completed, leaving him scant production time. The soundtrack takes inspiration from Bernard Herrmann's	's	PART	work	NOUN	 work
Together, Lenore and Mitt visited all 83 Michigan counties. George was in Washington most of the time and did not publicly campaign for her until the campaign's final day. In the November 3, 1970, general election, Hart handily won a third term with	with	ADP	67	NUM	 67
Laura departs for England, while John stays on to complete the restoration. Under the assumption that Laura is in England, John is shocked when later that day he spots her on a vaporetto that is part of a funeral cortege, accompanied by the two sisters.	.	PUNCT	Concerned	ADJ	 Concerned
Initially, over 2,000,000 acres (8,100 km2) of the California and southwestern coast of Oregon were old growth redwood forest, but by 1910, extensive logging led conservationists and concerned citizens to begin seeking ways to preserve the remaining trees, which they saw being logged at	at	ADP	an	DET	 an
Her name is a play on the two popular automobile brands, the Jordan Motor Car Company and the Baker Motor Vehicle, alluding to Jordan's " fast " reputation and the freedom now presented to Americans, especially women, in the 1920s. George B. Wilson –	–	PUNCT	a	DET	 a
It then massed with several combat engineers and other division elements to form Task Force Rogers. The task force then probed north searching for Chinese concentrations, but did not encounter any Chinese troops. On 19 April, the Chinese conducted a counteroffensive in the 3rd Infantry Division	Division	PROPN	sector	NOUN	 sector
According to Juan Cruz, a former master of ceremonies at the Salon Rosado Benny Moré nightclub in Havana, the club was located " on Calle 41 between 46 and 48 ". When musicians Ry Cooder, Compay Segundo and a film crew attempted to identify the location	location	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
The theatre opened with 660 seats and the largest live performance stage in a cinema west of Winnipeg. It was at the time the only cinema on Edmonton ’ s south side, and would keep that title until the opening of the Garneau Theatre in 1940. Opening	Opening	VERB	night	NOUN	 night
This language permitted the Scots to believe that their ideas would be adopted, while the English could interpret it to mean that English (i.e. Independent) practices could be adopted. The league and covenant were eventually approved by authorities in Scotland, England, and Ireland,	,	PUNCT	and	CCONJ	 and
It's this type of diversity in fighting that makes her attractive to players. " Retro Gamer opined " this female ninja is fast, mobile and can stun opponents quickly. While she loses in a toe to toe brawl against most characters, she has plenty of	of	ADP	trickery	NOUN	 trickery
They advanced through September and October, taking a few weeks for rest after the formation of Second United States Army. On 1 November, the First Army went on a general offensive, pushing north to the Meuse River and the Barricourt Ridge. It was successful,	,	PUNCT	pushing	VERB	 pushing
The Allentown service plaza was rebuilt between September 2007 and May 2008 while the Hickory Run service plaza was rebuilt between January 2009 and November 2010. Originally planned as far back as 1929, the Mid County Expressway was later proposed by the Pennsylvania Turnpike Commission as the "	"	PUNCT	Chester	PROPN	 Chester
The road continues through wooded areas alongside the river before it curves northwest away from it and reaches the community of Laurys Station. PA 145 passes homes and businesses, curving to the north again. The route heads into farmland with some homes, turning to the west	west	NOUN	and	CCONJ	 and
Lukas then shipped Oxbow to Saratoga to prepare him to run in the Grade I, $1 million Haskell Invitational on July 28, 2013, with sportswriters hoping to see him meet up again with Orb and Palace Malice in the Travers Stakes later in the summer.	.	PUNCT	In	ADP	 In
VanDerWerff praised the " nice sense of visual spectacle ", and Hankinson called it " really fantastic " and " something different ". Futterman, after she admitted to her " unabashed love " of the song, noted that the show had " found the trifecta of	of	ADP	a	DET	 a
Most houses in the area date to the pre 20th century; however in recent times numerous farm buildings have been converted to housing and for industrial purposes. According to the parish website, there are now " two significant industrial developments within the parish ". The local	local	ADJ	economy	NOUN	 economy
Fluorine's first ionization energy is third highest among all elements, behind helium and neon, which complicates the removal of electrons from neutral fluorine atoms. It also has a high electron affinity, second only to chlorine, and tends to capture an electron to become isoelectronic	isoelectronic	ADJ	with	ADP	 with
In Red Dead Redemption, players mainly control former outlaw John Marston as he sets out to bring his former gang to justice. The team used motion capture to record the body movements of the characters and hired professional actors to provide voices. Red Dead Redemption features an	an	DET	original	ADJ	 original
Typical seating capacity is 96 passengers in the motor cars and 112 passengers in the end cars. The class was delivered in four versions, named A through D. After the initial delivery of fifteen 69As in 1970 and 1971, twenty 69Bs were delivered in 1974 and 1975	1975	NUM	.	PUNCT	.
That same year, the first KC 135 Stratotanker, christened the " Aroostook Queen ", arrived at Loring. By December, all of the KC 97s had left, and by April 1958, 20 KC 135s had arrived, allowing the 42nd Air Refueling Squadron to	to	PART	reach	VERB	 reach
" The USA Today story was also titled " How many trees did your iPhone bill kill? " According to blogger Muhammad Saleem, Apple's aim to have 10 million iPhone users by the end of 2008 would require the logging of about 74,535 trees annually, assuming	assuming	VERB	an	DET	 an
On the other hand, the queen ant treats the P. rebeli larvae and pupae as if they were rivals, as she is the only one in the colony that recognizes that the P. rebeli larvae is not ant larvae. The most common functions of the queen ant	ant	ADJ	sounds	NOUN	 sounds
RAAF aircrew training expanded dramatically following the outbreak of World War II, in response to Australia's participation in the Empire Air Training Scheme (EATS). The Air Force's pre war flight training facility, No. 1 Flying Training School at RAAF Station Point Cook	Cook	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
Gille decided that his proposed ship would need a top speed of 28 to 29 kn (52 to 54 km / h; 32 to 33 mph) to retain an advantage over foreign battleships, the latest of which had estimated speeds of 22 to 23 kn (	(	PUNCT	41	NUM	41
All four versions were marketed to distinct types of audiences thereby assuring its place as a pop song. Johnny Cash recorded it on his 1975 album Sings Precious Memories, dedicating it to his older brother Jack, who had been killed in a mill accident when they were	were	AUX	boys	NOUN	 boys
The scene then cuts to Kermit the Frog, who has been badly beaten, with Fozzie Bear approaching him about a proposed " Bears in Space " number. Kermit then reveals that the skit has been changed to " Pigs in Space " instead. Returning home,	,	PUNCT	the	DET	 the
Leigh's mother abandoned her efforts to have the case re opened in 1997, citing " exhaustion and survival ". In October 1996, Police Minister Paul Whelan made an announcement in the Parliament of New South Wales, stating that the murder would be reviewed by the	the	DET	New	PROPN	 New
In the " red reality ", Efrem is his newly promoted partner, while Isaiah has been transferred to a different precinct. Michael starts to realize that things can transfer from reality to reality, as the clue " 611 Waverly, " pertaining to a case,	,	PUNCT	is	AUX	 is
At the time of its completion, Central Park was the tallest core stiffened building in Australia. The core stiffening method minimises the sway of the building in winds, which even after the core stiffening is around 30 cm (12 in) at the tower's top	top	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
He also scored Revenant Wings, though it primarily consisted of arrangements of his previous work and has not been released as a separate album, and his work on Tactics was used as the score for the spinoff series Crystal Defenders. Another spin off of the main series	series	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
Transport of cylinders with a combined weight of less than 1000 pounds requires a manifest, the cylinders must have been tested and inspected to federal standards, and the contents marked on each cylinder. Transportation must be done in a safe manner, with the cylinders restrained from	from	ADP	movement	NOUN	 movement
The 767 was the first Boeing wide body to be designed with a two crew digital glass cockpit. Cathode ray tube (CRT) color displays and new electronics replaced the role of the flight engineer by enabling the pilot and co pilot to monitor aircraft systems directly.	.	PUNCT	Despite	SCONJ	 Despite
The character is portrayed as ill tempered, pretentious, and cynical who strongly despises his neighbors for their constant boisterous, noisy behavior. However, the pair are unaware of Squidward's antipathy towards them and see him as a friend. Squidward works as a cashier at	at	ADP	the	DET	 the
In early August 2007, upon rumors of Jorja Fox leaving the show, a grassroots campaign started. Thousands of fans donated to the cause, and they had a plane flying over the Universal Studios of Los Angeles weekly on Tuesdays and Thursdays with a " Keep Jorja	Jorja	PROPN	Fox	PROPN	 Fox
In the 2003 tournament, England came top of their pool. They progressed to the final beating Wales and France in the quarter and semi finals. England won the final with a drop goal in the last minute of extra time. The 2007 defence of the cup	cup	NOUN	in	ADP	 in
Three main sewers ran from Putney, Wandsworth and Norwood until they linked together in Deptford. At that point a pumping station lifted the effluent 21 feet (6.4 m) into the main outflow sewer, which ran to the Crossness Pumping Station on the Erith Marshes,	,	PUNCT	where	SCONJ	 where
Mark Corwin, who had served as associate director under Carson, took over for him upon his retirement at the end of the 1998 – 99 season, and served as such until he himself died in July 2013 (although episodes already taped before his death continued airing	airing	VERB	until	ADP	 until
The album was also included in the book 1001 Albums You Must Hear Before You Die. Along with musicians D ' Angelo and Erykah Badu, Maxwell was credited with helping to shape the " neo soul " movement that rose to prominence during the late 1990s. Along	Along	ADP	with	ADP	 with
By the 1990s the Pont du Gard had become a hugely popular tourist attraction but was congested with traffic – vehicles were still allowed to drive over the 1743 road bridge – and was cluttered with illegally built structures and tourist shops lining the river banks. As the architect	architect	NOUN	Jean	PROPN	 Jean
Raised in Colorado, Marostica is an Army veteran, former high school teacher, and most recently a prominent real estate developer in northern Colorado. After several years serving on the Loveland, Colorado city council, Marostica was elected to the Colorado House of Representatives in 2006	2006	NUM	,	PUNCT	,
Furthermore, seven shelters were opened as a precaution. Due to the threat of high waves, residents were warned to be ready to evacuate from low lying areas. Tropical Storm Gil was the first tropical cyclone to threaten Hawaii since Hurricane Iwa during did the 1982 Pacific	Pacific	PROPN	hurricane	NOUN	 hurricane
The Thanet United era saw a run of generally mediocre seasons in the Southern League Southern Division, with financial problems continuing unabated and a series of managers coming and going. In January 1989 the club came close to relegation to the Kent League and possible total collapse,	,	PUNCT	but	CCONJ	 but
Hornig's comment was probably intended as a criticism of Raymond Palmer's editorial approach at Amazing Stories and Fantastic Adventures, but Ashley points out that the authors Hornig relied on, concealed behind pseudonyms, were generally the same authors that were selling to Palmer. The first	first	ADJ	issue	NOUN	 issue
Hurricane Emily was the costliest storm of the season, causing $80.3 million in damage (1987 USD) as it ravaged the Dominican Republic and Bermuda. Tropical Depression Fourteen was the deadliest storm of the season, causing six deaths as it passed across Jamaica. Of	Of	ADP	the	DET	 the
The University of Miami, which tied the Hokies, was ineligible for post season play due to sanctions imposed as a result of recruiting rules violations. The Hokies played the University of Texas, which finished 10 – 1 – 1 during the regular season en route to	to	ADP	becoming	VERB	 becoming
About 10 hours before landfall, the National Hurricane Center issued another tropical storm warning from Titusville, Florida to Brunswick, Georgia, with a tropical storm watch further south to Sebastian Inlet, Florida. Two days before the storm made landfall, several Florida counties were monitoring	monitoring	VERB	the	DET	 the
In July 2006, she started working with Danja, who contacted songwriters such as Keri Hilson, Jim Beanz, Marcella Araica and Corte Ellis to work with him. The team wrote seven tracks for Spears: " Gimme More ", " Break the Ice ",	,	PUNCT	"	PUNCT	 "
He served as a Boer General during the Boer War, a British General during the First World War and was appointed Field Marshal by King George VI during the Second World War. In addition to various cabinet appointments, he served as Prime Minister of the Union of	of	ADP	South	PROPN	 South
" Direct Action and Democratic Values, " Dissent, vol. 13, no. 1, whole no. 50 (Jan.-Feb. 1966), pp. 22 – 30. " The Riots and the Radicals, " Dissent, vol. 14, no.	.	PROPN	5	NUM	 5
American paddlefish begin their upstream spawning migration sometime during early spring; some begin in late fall. They spawn on silt free gravel bars that would otherwise be exposed to air or covered by very shallow water were it not for the rises in the river from snow melt	melt	NOUN	and	CCONJ	 and
Held annually, the Boat Race is a side by side rowing race between crews from the Universities of Oxford and Cambridge along the River Thames. In a race umpired by the former rower Claude Taylor, Cambridge won by five lengths in a record time of 17 minutes	minutes	NOUN	and	CCONJ	 and
Sources disagree on the house's initial construction date, and no records survive of its construction. There is some archaeological evidence dating parts of the building to the 15th century; William Robinson's History and Antiquities of the Parish of Tottenham (1840) suggests a date	date	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
When the race started, I didn't think we were quite as good as we were yesterday (in practice), but we were able to have really good pit stops. " Logano, who was involved in the biggest accident of the race, " The	The	DET	biggest	ADJ	 biggest
Barrow then bought the Paterson Silk Weavers of the Class A Atlantic League, managing them for the rest of the 1896 season. Barrow discovered Honus Wagner throwing lumps of coal at a railroad station in Pennsylvania, and signed him to his first professional contract. Barrow sold	sold	VERB	Wagner	PROPN	 Wagner
In what follows the dates are as given in the Chronicle, although as noted above, these are earlier than now thought accurate. The first record of a battle fought by Ceawlin is in 556, when he and his father, Cynric, fought the native Britons	Britons	PROPN	at	ADP	 at
Emil's character was derived from a female character named Halua, while Kainé was originally a far more feminine type who hid her violent nature. Yonah's original Japanese name was derived from the Biblical name Jonah: this could not be take verbatim into its localized form	form	NOUN	due	ADP	 due
Continuing to pull away, Cambridge passed the finishing post 21 seconds and seven lengths ahead of Oxford. It was the sixth fastest time in the history of the race. This was Cambridge's first victory in eleven years and took the overall record to 69 – 62	62	NUM	in	ADP	 in
The battleship HMS Warspite and nine destroyers duly appeared on 13 April, although earlier than Commander Bey had expected, and caught the Germans out of position. The five operable destroyers, not including Giese, charged out of Narvik harbor and engaged the British ships. The	The	DET	ship	NOUN	 ship
The Babylonian king Nabonidus, who was defeated and deposed by Cyrus, is denounced as an impious oppressor of the people of Babylonia and his low born origins are implicitly contrasted to Cyrus's kingly heritage. The victorious Cyrus is portrayed as having been chosen by the chief	chief	ADJ	Babylonian	ADJ	 Babylonian
The secondary armament of the Peresvet class ships consisted of eleven 45 caliber, 6 inch Canet Model 1891 quick firing (QF) guns, 10 mounted in casemates on the sides of the hull and one underneath the forecastle as a bow chaser. Each gun was provided	provided	VERB	with	ADP	 with
These are laid in single straight strands on rocks, corals, aquatic plants, submerged branches and other surfaces. At this point, the eggs are 3 mm (0.12 in) in diameter and the egg capsules about 58.2 mm (2.29 in) in length and	and	CCONJ	12.6	NUM	 12.6
The fingers are about one third webbed, and the toes nearly three quarters webbed. The dorsal color depends on the temperature and nature of the environment, ranging from brownish- or greyish green to bright emerald green. The frog occasionally has small, irregularly shaped white spots	spots	NOUN	on	ADP	 on
A dark room is spooky, but add a creaking floorboard and rats skittering in the walls and it becomes really creepy. " Halo 2, unlike its predecessor, was mixed to take full advantage of Dolby 5.1 Digital surround sound. In the summer of 2004,	,	PUNCT	producer	NOUN	 producer
However, both of the Hong Kong and Macau Special Administrative Regions of China have their own special flags. The precise use of the SAR flags are regulated by laws passed by the National People's Congress. The Regional Flag of the Hong Kong Special Administrative Region features	features	VERB	a	DET	 a
Ethnic tensions increased with these threats and with mass migration of people back to their traditional ethnic territories. Many inside the country considered Dahomey to be close to civil war. On 16 April 1970, Ahomadégbé and Maga met in the town of Savé, under French pressure	pressure	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
On 8 April 2007 Sony Pictures Home Entertainment release a Blu ray version. The Portuguese title of the film is Kungfusão, which sounds like Kung Fu and Confusão (confusion). In the same way as Kungfusão, the Italian and Spanish titles were Kung fusion and	and	CCONJ	Kung	PROPN	 Kung
The character was composed of construction paper cutouts and animated using stop motion. When asked three years later by friend Brian Graden to create another short as a video Christmas card that he could send to friends, Parker and Stone created another similarly animated The Spirit of Christmas	Christmas	PROPN	short	ADV	 short
According to Jocelyn Vena of MTV, Spears portrays " a melancholy movie star who wants nothing more than to have a little fun ". The video begins with Spears telling a story about a very famous Hollywood actress named Lucky. Lucky is seen wearing a pink nightgown	nightgown	NOUN	behind	ADP	 behind
Former Church members have said that conditions in the Hole worsened in 2006 after several executives had escaped. Security was tightened to prevent the confined executives from " blowing ". John Brousseau says that he was ordered to fasten steel bars across the doors of the building and	and	CCONJ	the	DET	 the
" Tassi criticized Rocksteady for promising a new character and insisting the identity " would shock and amaze us all " when it turned out to essentially be " a renamed and recostumed version of a character that has already existed for years. " Carter was critical of the	the	DET	Harley	PROPN	 Harley
On Day 56, HouseGuests competed in the " Morphomatic " Power of Veto competition. For this competition, HouseGuests had to correctly figure out which two faces of the HouseGuests made up a set of alien faces. The HouseGuest who finished the competition in the fastest amount	amount	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
In 1986 Peter Isaacson Publications took over the Asher Joel Media Group. Southern Cross was bought by APN News & Media in 1993 and Isaacson became APN's director, serving until 1998. He chaired TW Media from 1997 to 2005. Isaacson married Anne McIntyre in Melbourne	Melbourne	PROPN	on	ADP	 on
It was relegated to secondary roles in 1935 as newer and more powerful Polikarpov fighters entered service. Notably the I 5, I 15, and the I 16. The DI 2 (Russian: ДИ 2) was an enlarged two seat variant. It had an	an	DET	extra	ADJ	 extra
Perhaps the most notable feature of Malcolm's death is the account of Marianus, matched by the silence of the Irish annals, which tells us that Duncan I became king and ruled for five years and nine months. Given that his death in 1040 is described as	as	ADP	being	AUX	 being
They used composite bows and were able to shoot at enemies while riding and facing away from them; this technique, known as the Parthian shot, was a highly effective tactic. The heavy and light cavalry of Parthia proved to be a decisive factor in the Battle	Battle	PROPN	of	ADP	 of
The ground is located just over a mile from York railway station, which is approximately a twenty minute walk. The station lies on the East Coast Main Line between London King's Cross railway station and Edinburgh Waverley railway station, and has direct services from Liverpool,	,	PUNCT	Manchester	PROPN	 Manchester
Then he was appointed principal negotiator for the Treaty of Brétigny, where the English achieved very favourable terms. After returning to England in November 1360, he fell ill early the next year, and died at Leicester Castle on 23 March. It is likely that the	the	DET	cause	NOUN	 cause
It is in binary form and modulates from D major through B minor to B major. The final movement, " Gott ist mein König von altersher " (God is my King from long ago), is a chaconne, a form which is typically constructed over	over	ADP	a	DET	 a
The privileges granted came at a cost: Wiglaf and one ealdorman received life interests in estates, and another ealdorman was paid six hundred shillings in gold. It is perhaps notable that in common with many other Mercian charters of the 9th century, this grant is of	of	ADP	privileges	NOUN	 privileges
He or she must satisfy the Presidential Elections Committee (PEC) that he or she is a person of integrity, good character and reputation. He or she must not be a member of any political party on the date of his or her nomination for election.	.	PUNCT	He	PRON	 He
The new theme park features a SpongeBob themed Gerstlauer Euro Fighter custom roller coaster, the SpongeBob SquarePants Rock Bottom Plunge, which has replaced the Mystery Mine Ride and Olde Time Photo store on the west end of the theme park, which opened March 15, 2008.	.	PUNCT	On	ADP	 On
In short, Chrysippus made the Stoic system what it was. It was said that " without Chrysippus, there would have been no Stoa ". Chrysippus wrote much on the subject of logic and created a system of propositional logic. Aristotle's term logic had been	been	AUX	concerned	VERB	 concerned
Icing maps depict areas where icing can be a hazard for flying. Aviation related maps also show areas of turbulence. Constant pressure charts normally contain plotted values of temperature, humidity, wind, and the vertical height above sea level of the pressure surface. They have	have	VERB	a	DET	 a
During the course of their journey, they discover that Ashnard is provoking the war to try and release the dark deity contained inside the Medallion, using Daein's invasion as a template for his plan. In the final assault, Ike and his mercenaries manage to defeat	defeat	VERB	both	DET	 both
It continues the series ' annual Thanksgiving themed episode tradition, and guest stars cast member Jennifer Aniston's then husband Brad Pitt in the uncredited role of Will Colbert, who reveals that he and Ross (David Schwimmer) were part of an " I hate Rachel "	"	PUNCT	club	NOUN	 club
Despite the solid win, Duquesne made only 47.6% from the free throw line, a trend which haunted the team the rest of the season. The regular season home opener was another victory for the team, as they defeated Nicholls State 85 – 62 on November	November	PROPN	13	NUM	 13
Tweedy justified the inclusion of the song: I know ninety nine percent of our fans won't like that song, they'll say it's a ridiculous indulgence. Even I don't want to listen to it every time I play through the album. But the	the	DET	times	NOUN	 times
The species that Korhonen called EBS B was named A. bulbosa by Helga Marxmüller in 1982, as it was thought to be equivalent to Armillaria mellea var. bulbosa, first described by Joseph Barla in 1887, and later raised to species status by Josef Velenovský in 1927	1927	NUM	.	PUNCT	.
Cathy Rainone of WVIT commented that Beyoncé was " fiercer than ever " during the shows. Glenn Gamboa of Newsday described it as her " most ambitious live show yet " and noted that " the reason for the shows... was to test herself, as a new	new	ADJ	mother	NOUN	 mother
He decides to blow the whistle on the company to Harkin, but as he refuses to appear on camera, Harkin's boss will not allow the piece to air. As the storms approach, early storms knock out the city's primary power generating plant, and	and	CCONJ	Benson	PROPN	 Benson
In June 2005, the 2005 WWE Draft Lottery took place, in which wrestlers were drafted and traded between the Raw and SmackDown! brands. On the June 30 episode of SmackDown!, Batista's tenure on the Raw brand ended, when he was SmackDown!	!	PUNCT	'	PUNCT	 '
Air Asia and other low cost carrier flights do not fly out of KLIA main terminal but from KLIA2 which is two kilometres from KLIA. KLIA2 is served by an extension of the KLIA Ekspres and by buses from KL Sentral. As of 2007, Sultan Abdul Aziz	Aziz	PROPN	Shah	PROPN	 Shah
Since federal funds had been used to produce the show, more segments of the population insisted upon being represented on Sesame Street; for example, the show was criticized by Hispanic groups for the lack of Latino characters in the early years of production. A committee of	of	ADP	Hispanic	ADJ	 Hispanic
The tour ended with two non first class matches against Scotland. Lindwall was rested from the first, which Australia won by an innings. In the second fixture, Lindwall signed off in a low key manner, scoring 15 and taking a total of 0 / 28	28	NUM	from	ADP	 from
On Saturday and Sunday, Neerja had a massive jump and earned ₹ 50 million (US $740,000) and ₹ 66.5 million (US $990,000) respectively, for a total collection of ₹ 501.2 million (US $7.4 million) at the box office.	.	PUNCT	On	ADP	 On
On August 10, Global Force Wrestling (GFW) founder Jeff Jarrett joined Bullet Club, attacking Hiroshi Tanahashi after he had defeated Styles in a non title match. On September 21 at Destruction in Kobe, Fale lost the IWGP Intercontinental Championship back to Shinsuke Nakamura in	in	ADP	his	PRON	 his
The episode was written by Atiha Sen Gupta and Jack Thorne, and was directed by Simon Massey. The episode focuses on the character of Naomi Campbell (Lily Loveless) as she competes against James Cook (Jack O'Connell) in their college's elections for Student President	President	PROPN	.	PUNCT	.
Nkomo was wary of being labelled a " sell out " by his ZANU rivals, particularly Mugabe, so to prevent this from happening he first consulted Kaunda, Machel and Nyerere, the presidents of the Frontline States. Each of the presidents gave his approval to ZAPU	ZAPU	PROPN	's	PART	's
The music video was considered by Spears as " the funnest video I've ever done. " An alternate footage of the video can be found on the DVD of Spears first compilation album Greatest Hits: My Prerogative. Vineyard considered the footage as the one that "	"	PUNCT	makes	VERB	 makes
Huff began the 2001 season with Durham but was called up on April 13 when Ariel Prieto was sent to the minors. He became the starting third baseman on May 11 when Castilla was released. On June 29, he had three RBI in a 7 – 5	5	NUM	loss	NOUN	 loss
The episode was the third most watched program that night, and second most watched on CBS. In Canada, the episode received 3.18 million viewers, making it the most watched episode that week. In the UK, the episode aired on May 17, 2012 and	and	CCONJ	1.83	NUM	 1.83
At this point, maintenance of the route shifts from the city of Gloversville to the New York State Department of Transportation (NYSDOT). Now in the town of Johnstown, the route winds its way northwestward as it follows Cayadutta Creek through an area of hilly terrain	terrain	NOUN	south	ADV	 south
The castle's fourth corner forms its gatehouse. Here the classic Edwardian gatehouse design has been transformed into an asymmetrical structure, with one tower much larger than the other. The gatehouse included portcullises, murder holes and a drawbridge. Beyond the gatehouse lies a large barbican	barbican	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
Kościuszko's first funeral was held on October 19, 1817, at a formerly Jesuit church in Solothurn. As news of his death spread, masses and memorial services were held in partitioned Poland. His embalmed body was deposited in a crypt of the Solothurn church.	.	PUNCT	In	ADP	 In
He is best known for his time with the American professional wrestling promotion WWE, where he performed under the ring name Edge. Copeland was trained by professional wrestlers Sweet Daddy Siki and Ron Hutchinson. Throughout the 1990s, he wrestled in various U.S. independent promotions. During	During	ADP	his	PRON	 his
More than 19,000 acres (77 km2) have been purchased along Lake Apopka to restore its wetlands, and the SJRWMD has removed nearly 15,000,000 pounds (6,800,000 kg) of gizzard shad (Dorosoma cepedianum), a fish species that stores phosphorus and adds to algae problems	problems	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
Weary of constantly being asked for her primary genre, she felt that recording a Christmas album would finally pave a way for her to explore other different genres. She remarked, " I always get asked what genre I'm in: ' Is this country or pop	pop	NOUN	or	CCONJ	 or
Nearly all his claims have now been proven correct, although some were already known. His original and highly unconventional results, such as the Ramanujan prime and the Ramanujan theta function, have inspired a vast amount of further research. The Ramanujan Journal, an international publication	publication	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
Modern cleaning solutions are highly effective and chromium free. Potassium dichromate is a chemical reagent, used as a titrating agent. It is also used as a mordant (i.e., a fixing agent) for dyes in fabric. In the form trivalent chromium, Cr (	(	PUNCT	III	PROPN	III
Laozi was not satisfied by simply being noticed by the guard and demanded an explanation. Yinxi expressed his deep desire to find the Tao and explained that his long study of astrology allowed him to recognize Laozi's approach. Yinxi was accepted by Laozi as a disciple.	.	PUNCT	This	PRON	 This
The catchment area is 2,220 square kilometres (860 sq mi). The name " Avon " is a cognate of the Welsh word afon [ˈavɔn] " river ", both being derived from the Common Brittonic abona, " river ". " River Avon "	"	PUNCT	,	PUNCT	,
In some cases several different solar power stations, with separate owners and contractors, are developed on adjacent sites. This can offer the advantage of the projects sharing the cost and risks of project infrastructure such as grid connections and planning approval. Solar farms can also be	be	AUX	co	VERB	 co
Thirteen episodes were produced by Kyoto Animation: 12 regular episodes, and a final recap episode which summarizes Misuzu's story arc. The anime also follows the game by splitting the series into three parts; Dream (episodes one through seven), Summer (episodes eight	eight	NUM	and	CCONJ	 and
The album contained the song " Coming Up ", the live version of which, recorded in Glasgow, Scotland, in 1979 by Wings, became the group's last number one hit. By 1981, McCartney felt he had accomplished all he could creatively with Wings	Wings	NOUN	and	CCONJ	 and
In spite of the apparent success of the tollway opening, traffic counts and projected toll revenues were initially lower than projected, with an estimated 65,000 motorists per day traveling along the tollway, generating $55,000 – 65,000 (equivalent to $128,000 – 152,000 in 2015)	)	PUNCT	)	PUNCT	)
Claire is also playable in Resident Evil: The Darkside Chronicles (2009), which retells the events of Resident Evil 2 and Code: Veronica, and in Resident Evil: Uprising, a mobile game version of Resident Evil 2. She is a further playable in	in	ADP	the	DET	 the
The parliament carried the traditions of the General Sejmik of Greater Poland, and insisted on using the Polish word sejm in its name. The Sejm met for the first time on 24 December 1827. The second sejm session begun on 30 January 1830. Following the suppression	suppression	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
Ivy's bag shows that she has stolen money from Carol and plans on returning to New York. A later scene shows a positive pregnancy test in a trash can at Blair's bathroom being thrown out by Dorota (Zuzanna Szadkowski). " The Wrong Goodbye "	"	PUNCT	is	AUX	 is
Anderson and series composer Mark Snow worked together in post production; after filming, she sent Snow several CDs of music and asked him for compositions that were similar in style and feel. A certain melody that the two worked on later became " Scully's Theme "	"	PUNCT	,	PUNCT	,
" ComicsAlliance called it " somewhere in the middle " of presenting a better take on the franchise and a reminder that " some intellectual properties got things right (or inherently wrong) the first time ", though called the effect " surprisingly competent " and it both	both	CCONJ	generally	ADV	 generally
Zemeckis quickly replaced Stoltz with Fox whose schedule was now more open with the return of Meredith Baxter. He was considered for the role of Mark Kendall in Once Bitten, but it eventually went to Jim Carrey. During filming, Fox would rehearse for Family Ties from	from	ADP	10	NUM	 10
Tod, James (1829). Annals and Antiquities of Rajast ' han or the Central and Western Rajpoot States of India, Volume 1. London: Smith, Elder. Tod, James (1830). " Observations on a Gold Ring of Hindu Fabrication found	found	VERB	at	ADP	 at
Portions of the present park were used for recreation prior to the park's establishment. Homestead Bayfront Park, still operated by Miami Dade County just south of Convoy Point, established a " blacks only " segregated beach for African Americans at the present site of the Dante	Dante	PROPN	Fascell	PROPN	 Fascell
The war continued until the Battle of Tippecanoe which firmly ended the Native American uprising and allowed the Americans to take full control of all of Indiana. The Battle earned Harrison national fame, and the nickname " Old Tippecanoe ". The war between Tecumseh and Harrison merged	merged	VERB	with	ADP	 with
Little is known about their process apart from that they used Sage IV computers. They also preferred to develop for the ZX Spectrum's Z80 microprocessor and chose to outsource development for other platforms, such as those that ran 6502 microprocessors. After releasing Atic Atac at the	the	DET	end	NOUN	 end
He gave it a rating of four out of ten. Nick Keppler, writing for Nerve.com, listed " The Host " as one of the " gayest " episodes of the franchise and described the twist at the end of the episode with the gender of Odan's	's	PART	new	ADJ	 new
" Samuel Claiborn of IGN rated the " Desperate Escape " DLC seven out of ten: " Despite Desperate Escape's well crafted action sequences, I actually found myself missing the unique vibe of Lost in Nightmares. The dynamic between Jill and Josh isn't particularly thrilling	thrilling	ADJ	,	PUNCT	,
The battle commenced in the early morning with several assaults on the Confederate left flank by the I Corps and the XII Corps. After these failed, the II Corps, including the Irish Brigade, was called upon to assault a position near the Confederate center known as	as	ADP	the	DET	 the
Reznor also appeared in a documentary called " Sound City " directed by Dave Grohl, in addition to co writing and performing the song " Mantra " with Grohl and Josh Homme. This led to further collaboration with Reznor and Homme on the 2013 album from Queens of	of	ADP	the	DET	 the
List's ideas would be transmitted in Germany by a number of prominent right wingers, and adherents to his ideas were among the founders of the Reichshammerbund in Leipzig in 1912, and included individuals who held key positions in the Germanenorden. The Thule Society founded by Rudolf	Rudolf	PROPN	von	PROPN	 von
He gave Ratsimanjaka the fief of Anosiarivo and designated Andriampalimana to rule at Tsirangaina. Andriantsimitoviaminiandriana gave his adoptive son Rakotomavo the capital of Ambohimanga to rule after his death; Rakotomavo succeeded Andriantsimitoviaminiandriana as King Andriambelomasina. Andriantsimitoviaminiandriana was the first to systematically establish a network of defenses around	around	ADP	the	DET	 the
Parliamentarians grew suspicious of monarchist plots and fearful that the group travelling with Fox aimed to overthrow the government: by this time his meetings were regularly attracting crowds of over a thousand. In early 1655 he was arrested at Whetstone, Leicestershire and taken to London under armed	armed	ADJ	guard	NOUN	 guard
" Stir it Up " was later covered by Johnny Nash's band, Rabbit and the Jungles, on their I Can See Clearly Now, peaking at number 11 on the Billboard Hot 100 chart, Rabbit Bundrick played on all songs on numerous keyboards, including on	on	ADP	a	DET	 a
The accompanying music video was directed by Wataru Takeishi. Because the music video was part of the trilogy set with " Vogue " and " Far Away ", only a portion of the song was shot for the video. As a result, the video for "	"	PUNCT	Seasons	NOUN	 Seasons
She didn't lie down under the weight of McCartney's fame and wealth, she continued to plough her own furrow, campaigning for her charities, maintaining a strong individuality. And that, it seems, is the greatest sin of all. Is it any wonder	wonder	NOUN	she	PRON	 she
In this film, he stars as Masamitsu Arima, the father of Sayo and a rich village merchant. The actor Tadanobu Asano made his debut appearance in the 1990 film Batashi Kingyo, another film that this film's director Joji Matsuoka directed. Asano is also the	the	DET	winner	NOUN	 winner
Kellan Miller of XXL felt that the song intended to be " a hit to oliberate all other hits forever and ever amen ", but ultimately was " a fourth quarter Hail Mary pass at best. " In his review, Miller added, " Instead of remaining	remaining	VERB	steadfast	NOUN	 steadfast
By the same time, Sebastian Vettel had moved up into sixth place from thirteenth on the grid. Up front, Kvyat went wide while trying to overtake Rosberg, allowing teammate Ricciardo through into third; Ricciardo in turn made a successful manoeuvre on Rosberg to move up	up	ADP	into	ADP	 into
Robert California (James Spader) challenges office manager Andy Bernard (Ed Helms) to double sales after a rousing motivational speech. After Andy tries unsuccessfully to mine ideas from the office employees, he consults a book on management techniques and decides to try an incentives program	program	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
Scotland Yard investigates the crime and concludes it was committed by a drug addict stealing money. The following day, the murder is in the news. Chris returns the shotgun and he and Chloe announce that she is pregnant with Chris's child. Detective Mike Banner invites	invites	VERB	Chris	PROPN	 Chris
Depp was excited by the possibility of reviving an old Hollywood genre, and found the script met his quirky sensibilities: the crew of the Black Pearl were not in search of treasure but trying to return it to lift a curse on them, and the traditional mutiny	mutiny	NOUN	had	AUX	 had
The garden of evergeens was designed by H. Russell Butler, Jr. On the chapel's south side are an additional door at ground level to the east and an exterior pulpit, designed after one at Magdalen College, Oxford, and named Bright Pulpit, in honor of	of	ADP	John	PROPN	 John
Gibson and Marshall, who succeeded Westbrook and Field, were also sent back in quick succession by Antill. While Gibson could only manage a single before getting bowled, Marshall was caught and bowled by Antill for a duck, making this the first caught and bowled instance	instance	NOUN	in	ADP	 in
Recently, it has been suggested that this gate is actually the Gate of St. Romanus, but the evidence is uncertain. The Gate of St. Romanus (Πόρτα τοῦ Ἁγίου Ρωμάνου) was named so after a nearby church and lies between towers 65 and 66. It	It	PRON	is	AUX	 is
The Sport model received the Sport Direct Shift transmission, also found in the Lexus IS F, with downshift rev matching capability and manual mode. A new interior customization program, " L Select ", also became available for LS customers in Japan. Lexus released an	an	DET	official	ADJ	 official
While they did succeed in getting some supplies through, the French suffered heavy casualties, which convinced Langlais to abandon " Huguette 6 ". Following a failed attempt to link up, on 18 April, the defenders at " Huguette 6 " made a daring break out	out	ADP	,	PUNCT	,
The Brooke government decided on a complete destruction of oilfields and airfields in Miri. Shell company officials received orders to carry out the Denial Scheme on 8 December 1941. In the evening on the same day, the task was completed. All producing oil wells were sealed	sealed	VERB	up	ADP	 up
During that day Daman passed over Rotuma island while gradually intensifying further. At 0600 UTC, on December 6, the JTWC reported that Daman had intensified into a category one tropical cyclone on the Saffir Simpson Hurricane scale. Shortly after this, the cyclone made an abrupt	abrupt	ADJ	turn	NOUN	 turn
Lana avoids Sky for several days, but they eventually make up. Lana finds a note in her locker from someone named George, asking her to the end of year formal dance. During the formal, " George " introduces herself as Georgina Harris (Adrienne Smith	Smith	PROPN	)	PUNCT	)
The first was completed in 2006, when two artificial outdoor football pitches, indoor athletic training facilities, sports science provisions and conferencing rooms were added at a cost of £15 million. The revamped stadium, funded by collaboration between One NorthEast, Sport England and Gateshead	Gateshead	PROPN	College	PROPN	 College
From quite early in his career, Peter was renowned for his learning, his passion for reading, and his discussions with scholars. As a speaker, he was eloquent and persuasive; Procopius calls him " fitted by nature to persuade men ", while Cassiodorus,	,	PUNCT	who	PRON	 who
The first slot was double wide and intended to hold the main video card, arranged with an empty area the width of a normal card beside it to leave room for the large coolers modern cards often use. In most machines, one slot would be blocked by	by	ADP	the	DET	 the
He also believed that southern Chinese displayed a finer degree of cultivation, social order, literacy, and industriousness than those from the north. Choe wrote that while people of the south were well dressed and had plenty to spare, people in the north often lacked supplies	supplies	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
The works, mostly including champlevé enamels of very high quality, include the Stavelot Triptych, a portable altar reliquary for two fragments of the True Cross, c. 1156, (now in te Morgan Library & Museum in New York), the " Stavelot Portable Altar	Altar	PROPN	"	PUNCT	 "
The unpalatability is strongest in the top section, including the lophophore, which is exposed to predators when phoronids feed. When the lophophores were removed in an experiment, the phoronids were more palatable, but this effect reduced over 12 days as the lophophores regenerated. These	These	DET	broadly	ADV	 broadly
He served with the South African Army during the Second World War and was briefly attached to the British 7th Queen's Own Hussars; he saw active service in the Middle East, Italy and Austria. After being demobilised, Van der Byl studied law at Pembroke College	College	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
Traherne served in this post for ten years although he was not ordained priest until after the restoration of the monarchy and the return of King Charles II. He was ordained at Launton near Bicester by Robert Skinner (1591 – 1670), the Bishop of Oxford,	,	PUNCT	on	ADP	 on
Jayma Mays, who plays Emma, one of the directors in that scene, stated in an interview that she thought Kurt was " good ". Kurt finding himself in competition with Blaine was also touched on, but several reviewers were unhappy with the revelation that Blaine	Blaine	PROPN	was	AUX	 was
In 1991, Cardinale featured alongside Richard Berry and Omar Sharif in Henri Verneuil's Mayrig (meaning " mother "), a film about the struggles of an Armenian family that emigrates to Marseilles in France from Turkey after the Armenian Genocide of 1915. Such was the	the	DET	success	NOUN	 success
It was a failure and disappeared after the first issue. The back cover, " The Man from Mars ", by Frank R. Paul, was more successful, and illustrated back covers became a regular feature of the magazine. The next issue contained " The Scientists	Scientists	PROPN	'	PART	 '
In 1995, Slug and Lettuce was rebranded again, this time as a " contemporary English bar ", designed to occupy the middle ground between a continental cafe and a classic English pub. By this time, food constituted 30 per cent of total sales. In	In	ADP	1997	NUM	 1997
It has a recorded forest area of 38,720 km2 (14,950 sq mi) which constitutes 20.19% of the total geographical area of the state. These forests support 25% of the elephant and 10% of the tiger population of India. Many regions of Karnataka are	are	AUX	as	ADV	 as
They worked to create a low powered model that shared the family characteristics and sound. The approach, seemingly against the received wisdom of the time that power and sound quality go hand in hand, remained nevertheless controversial, despite the fact that NAD Electronics had trail blazed	blazed	VERB	five	NUM	 five
These lands (or parts of them — both the Habsburg domains and Hohenzollern Prussia also included territories outside the Empire structures) made up the territory of the Holy Roman Empire, which at times included more than 1,000 entities. Since the 15th century, with few exceptions	exceptions	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
The process of buying a reborn can be done to simulate an adoption process, rather than a prosaic sale of a product. As part of this, the dolls often come with fake birth certificates or adoption certificates. Many women collect reborns as they would a non	non	ADJ	reborn	ADJ	 reborn
Winning the game requires patience and the ability to accurately time Mario's ascent. In addition to presenting the goal of saving Pauline, the game also gives the player a score. Points are awarded for the following: finishing each stage; leaping over obstacles; destroying	destroying	VERB	objects	NOUN	 objects
Two hundred years later, violent storms sank a massive shrine that served as the center of an ocean based civilization, and the Water Orb went dark. The Earth Orb and the Fire Orb followed, plaguing the earth with raging wildfires, and devastating the agricultural town	town	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
Designed by Jesse Hartley and Philip Hardwick, it was opened in 1846, and was the first structure in Britain to be built from cast iron, brick and stone, with no structural wood. As a result, it was the first non combustible warehouse system in	in	ADP	the	DET	 the
It was an almost operatic version of the misunderstood 1948 British film. " In 1976, Chéreau staged Wagner's Der Ring des Nibelungen at the Bayreuth Festival to celebrate the festival's centenary, termed the Jahrhundertring. The production, celebrating 100 years after Wagner's work	work	NOUN	had	AUX	 had
At the time, Audrey had a minimum barometric pressure of 945 mbar (hPa; 27.91 inHg). The hurricane made landfall at the same intensity between the mouth of the Sabine River and Cameron, Louisiana later that day, causing unprecedented destruction across the region.	.	PUNCT	Once	ADV	 Once
" Al Wazir activated every cell he had set up in the territories since the late 1970s in an effort to militarily back the stone throwers who formed the backbone of the Palestinian revolt. He also used the opportunity to reform the PLO. According to author Yezid Sayigh	Sayigh	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
Kronprinz and her sisters fired heavily on the British cruisers, but failed to drive them off. In the ensuing melee, the British armored cruiser Defence was struck by several heavy caliber shells from the German dreadnoughts. One salvo penetrated the ship's ammunition magazines and,	,	PUNCT	in	ADP	 in
By cutting off the corner of the LGV Nord at Lille, it would enable Eurostar trains to save 20 minutes on the journey between Paris and Calais, bringing the London – Paris journey time under 2 hours. In 2008 the French Government announced its future investment plans	plans	NOUN	for	ADP	 for
" Vocally, Bieber's vocals are sung in a lower key compared to previous singles. Referring to the song as a " junior varsity " take on " Man in the Mirror ", Allison Stewart of Washington Post said " as an indicator of the Bieb's	's	PART	awakening	VERB	 awakening
Williams also started on the offensive line that helped reach 273 rushing yards and 530 total offensive yards in Week 17 against the New Orleans Saints, both the second highest values in team history. Prior to the 2013 season, the Panthers released right guard Geoff Hangartner and	and	CCONJ	announced	VERB	 announced
On April 24, 1990, shuttle mission STS 31 saw Discovery launch the telescope successfully into its planned orbit. From its original total cost estimate of about US $400 million, the telescope had by now cost over $2.5 billion to construct. Hubble's cumulative	cumulative	ADJ	costs	NOUN	 costs
" She's Out of My Life " was written for Jones by Tom Bahler three years prior. Jackson heard and enjoyed it, and Jones allowed him to use it on the record. Jones called in Heatwave's keyboardist Rod Temperton to write three songs. The	The	DET	intention	NOUN	 intention
Wormull returned home to join Crawley, on much reduced wages, but he failed his medical examination; the club initially offered him a short term deal while he proved his fitness. At the end of the 2004 – 05 season he agreed a two year contract.	.	PUNCT	He	PRON	 He
Mary Bamber, after a visit to Russia, opined that there were as many true communists in Liverpool as in Moscow. In 1924, increasingly convinced that communist rule would lead to the enslavement rather than the liberation of workers, the entire leadership of the Liverpool CPGB	CPGB	PROPN	branch	NOUN	 branch
There were at least 35 traffic accidents, one fatal, in Grand Falls Windsor due to slick roads. Prior to the storm's formation, there was a record 4.4 in (116 mm) of snowfall across Newfoundland. The storm caused no significant damage in Canada	Canada	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
However, the fledgling breed club held conformation shows, obedience and agility competitions, and entered their dogs in sports including flyball and lure coursing. At the end of 1980, Landmaster Carina was named the first Australian Cattle Dog in Canada to gain both her conformation and	and	CCONJ	obedience	NOUN	 obedience
Maredudd died in 1155 at the age of twenty five and left Rhys as ruler of Deheubarth. Around this time he married Gwenllian ferch Madog, daughter of Madog ap Maredudd, prince of Powys. Shortly after becoming ruler of Deheubarth, Rhys heard rumours that Owain Gwynedd	Gwynedd	PROPN	was	AUX	 was
The episode aired on SCI FI and Space in the United States and Canada respectively on April 4, 2008, and aired on Sky1 in the United Kingdom on April 15, along with the following episode " Six of One ". The episode's title is a	a	DET	reference	NOUN	 reference
The shell did not penetrate the barbette, but it dislodged a piece of the barbette armour that allowed the flame from the shell's detonation to enter the barbette. The propellant charges being hoisted upwards were ignited, and the fireball flashed up into the turret and down	down	ADV	into	ADP	 into
Curtis had the idea of an episode about van Gogh for " a long while " and was interested in the fact that van Gogh never knew he was famous. Gillan noted that there was a different approach and style to the episode, and it was more character	character	NOUN	driven	VERB	 driven
A few days after Colina formed, the ITCZ spawned another area of convection on January 16 in the northeast portion of the basin. The next day, a low pressure area formed between the Chagos Archipelago and Diego Garcia, and on January 19 the system developed into	into	ADP	a	DET	 a
Don't Look Now was produced by Peter Katz through London based Casey Productions and Rome based Eldorado Films. The script based on the short story by Daphne du Maurier was offered to Nicolas Roeg by scriptwriter Allan Scott, who had co written the screenplay with Chris Bryant	Bryant	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
When Disney XD premiered the series, it aired the episode, along with the following two, " Interactions " and " Natural Selection, " on March 23, 2009. " Survival of the Fittest " follows a title scheme given by Weisman that follows " The	The	DET	Education	PROPN	 Education
Principal Figgins (Iqbal Theba) stands by his requirement that glee club must place at Regionals to continue, despite director Will Schuester's (Matthew Morrison) protestation that Sue is attempting to sabotage them. Will turns to guidance counselor Emma Pillsbury (Jayma Mays),	,	PUNCT	who	PRON	 who
The most recently discovered human cancer virus is a polyomavirus (Merkel cell polyomavirus) that causes most cases of a rare form of skin cancer called Merkel cell carcinoma. Hepatitis viruses can develop into a chronic viral infection that leads to liver cancer. Infection by human T	T	PROPN	lymphotropic	NOUN	 lymphotropic
It is found in most of sub Saharan Africa south to the Cape of Good Hope, including southern Morocco, Mauritania, Senegal, Mali, southern Algeria, Guinea, Sierra Leone, Côte d'Ivoire, Ghana, Togo, Benin, Niger, Nigeria, Chad,	,	PUNCT	Sudan	PROPN	 Sudan
It is referred to in John Steinbeck's novel The Grapes of Wrath. More recently, rock musician Bruce Springsteen made a recording. Children's music collections frequently feature the song and it has been covered by children's group The Wiggles with Australian country performer Troy Cassar	Cassar	PROPN	Daley	PROPN	 Daley
They had a flight scheduled the following day, but with filming finishing early, Aaliyah and her entourage were eager to return to the United States and made the decision to leave immediately. The designated airplane was smaller than the Cessna 404 on which they had originally arrived	arrived	VERB	,	PUNCT	,
He says the landing party will consist of himself, Mr. Spock, Dr. McCoy, and " Ensign Ricky " (a redshirt), who, upon being called, cynically says " Oh crap! ", due to the television trope of oft related instances of	of	ADP	redshirt	NOUN	 redshirt
Issue # 1 of " Nothing at the End of the Lane " (July 1999) includes articles about fan made reconstructions of the missing episodes, audio of missing episodes, and the archive status of footage from Seasons 1 3. Issue # 2 (June 2005	2005	NUM	)	PUNCT	)
In addition the tentacles, whose surface area is increased by microvilli (small hairs and pleats), absorb organic compounds dissolved in the water. Unwanted particles may be flicked away by tentacles or shut out by closing the mouth. A study in 2008 showed that both	both	PRON	encrusting	VERB	 encrusting
, which then became the frontrunner. Golub, an international real estate investment company headquartered in Chicago, has closed on the office space portion of the project. Mills eventually sold the retail space rights to Chicago developer Joseph Freed & Associates, who had previously purchased the	the	DET	nearby	ADJ	 nearby
Forced to make a decision on how to improve the scores and the school's overall performance, Principal Shepherd decides to expel the school's " dumbest " student, who is revealed to be Chris Griffin. While talking about Chris's situation with Lois, Peter is	is	AUX	suddenly	ADV	 suddenly
The 6th Division commenced forming in England in February 1917, but was never deployed to France and was broken up in September of that year to provide reinforcements to the other five divisions. The Australian infantry did not have regiments in the British sense, only battalions identified	identified	VERB	by	ADP	 by
After two weeks of hospitalization and a several weeks of convalescence, he seemed to have recovered fully, and in a few months was back at work and skiing vigorously, with only a bald spot on the head to show for the experience. Two years later he	he	PRON	fathered	VERB	 fathered
By 2009, Jenkins was acting as a mentor to Smith. In January 2009 plans were released for Smith to perform with Plácido Domingo, an idea originally suggested by him. In an interview with the Metro, Smith talked about her future plans, insisting that she	she	PRON	did	AUX	 did
The asci – sexual spore bearing cells – have a cylindrical shape, with dimensions of 115 – 125 by 8 – 10 µm. The paraphyses (sterile filamentous cells interspersed among the asci) are cylindrical with slightly swollen tips, and few branches. Ascocoryne cylichnium,	,	PUNCT	another	DET	 another
, which locates it elsewhere, by Shechem / Tel Balāṭa. The Itinerarium Burdigalense (333 CE) notes: ‘ At the foot of the mountain itself, is a place called Sichem. Here is a tomb in which Joseph is laid, in the parcel of	of	ADP	ground	NOUN	 ground
Weldy began the season with the Akron Acorns of the Ohio State League. However, he appeared in only four games for the Acorns. During the 1887 season, racial segregation began to become the official policy in certain minor leagues. Weldy was outraged by a report	report	NOUN	that	SCONJ	 that
Her 17th birthday at the beginning of the game marks her official ascension into the Adlehyde royal family and departure from the school. Before she is able to leave, however, she is contacted by a mysterious voice who beckons her to a hidden library deep within the	the	DET	abbey	NOUN	 abbey
She later buys fake ultrasound scan photos over the internet, but Summer becomes suspicious about them and discovers they are from overseas and are fake. Summer realises that Natasha has been lying about being pregnant and reveals the truth in front of Andrew and Natasha's father,	,	PUNCT	shocking	VERB	 shocking
J. Pat O'Malley as Colonel Hathi the Indian elephant / Buzzie the Vulture Verna Felton as Winifred, Colonel Hathi's wife. Clint Howard as Junior, Colonel Hathi's son. Chad Stuart as Flaps the Vulture Lord Tim Hudson as Dizzie the Vulture John Abbott as Akela	Akela	PROPN	the	DET	 the
Ironically, their win came against the other newly formed team, the Jaguares, a team made up predominantly of the successful Argentine side from the 2015 Rugby World Cup. On 27 June, it was announced that Hammett would be leaving the Japanese side to return to	to	ADP	New	PROPN	 New
Columbus dismissed this notion, stating that with only roughly 200,000 Turbo Man toys being made, the merchandising was far less than the year's other releases, such as Space Jam and 101 Dalmatians. The world premiere was held on November 16, 1996 at the Mall	Mall	PROPN	of	ADP	 of
Despite Joseph's opposition, she insists on returning to the psychiatric unit. Faye left her job on 28 December 2010 and went to live in France, leaving her son, Harry, in the care of Joseph. Within four months of first appearing in Holby City	City	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
In July, Bobby successfully defended his U.S. Junior title, scoring 8 ½ / 9 at San Francisco. As a result of his strong tournament results, Fischer's rating went up to 2298, " making him among the top ten active players in the country "	"	PUNCT	.	PUNCT	.
It was founded by an Italian company, World Editions, which was looking to break into the American market. World Editions hired as editor H. L. Gold, who rapidly made Galaxy the leading science fiction (sf) magazine of its time, focusing on stories about	about	ADP	social	ADJ	 social
Over five years, Raonic compiled a 53 – 30 win – loss record in singles, and a 56 – 24 record in doubles on the ITF Junior Circuit. Except for reaching the semifinals at the 2008 French Open in doubles, Raonic did not advance past the	the	DET	second	ADJ	 second
Although Riefenstahl lived for almost another half century, Tiefland was her last feature film. Riefenstahl tried many times to make more films during the 1950s and 1960s, but was met with resistance, public protests and sharp criticism. Many of her filmmaking peers in Hollywood had	had	AUX	fled	VERB	 fled
In a letter to Katkov written in September 1865, Dostoyevsky explained to him that the work was to be about a young man who yields to " certain strange, ' unfinished ' ideas, yet floating in the air "; he had thus embarked on his plan	plan	NOUN	to	PART	 to
" The multiplayer mode was created by Canadian video game development studio Eidos Montreal, known for making Deus Ex: Human Revolution. In May 2012, it was announced by Darrell Gallagher, the studio head of Crystal Dynamics, that the game has been delayed and would	would	AUX	be	AUX	 be
Two different waterproofing systems were proposed to the owner by Harry S. Peterson Co. The first system called for a rubberized asphalt membrane to be applied over the non composite concrete topping, while the second, one called for no membrane, and simply controlling leaks with a polyurethane	polyurethane	NOUN	sealant	NOUN	 sealant
The tusks were staples of the cabinet of curiosities. European knowledge of the tusk's origin developed gradually during the Age of Exploration, as explorers and naturalists began to visit Arctic regions themselves. The narwhal was one of two possible explanations of the giant sea phenomenon written	written	VERB	by	ADP	 by
Kubrick found that Dr. Strangelove, a $2 million production which employed what became the " first important visual effects crew in the world ", would be impossible to make in the U.S. for various technical and political reasons, forcing him to move production to England.	.	PUNCT	It	PRON	 It
MVP would win the number one contendership for Lashley's TNA World Heavyweight Championship on the February 20 broadcast of Impact Wrestling by last eliminating Kurt Angle in an over the top rope gauntlet match, but would lose to Lashley by pinfall in the ensuing title match the following	following	ADJ	week	NOUN	 week
The Daddies eventually developed a steady following in the San Francisco Bay Area, where they became a staple of the region's thriving third wave ska scene, acting as regular touring support for ska bands like Skankin ' Pickle, Let's Go Bowling, Fishbone and The	The	DET	Mighty	PROPN	 Mighty
As the chorus of the song starts, Kesha and her friends start to run around the motel dancing and jumping off railings. The friends gather around an empty pool and start tearing at each other's clothing; While this is happening it is revealed they that are	are	AUX	on	ADP	 on
By the mid 1980s, a significant shift in lead end use patterns had taken place. Much of this shift was a result of the U.S. lead consumers ' compliance with environmental regulations that significantly reduced or eliminated the use of lead in non battery products, including gasoline	gasoline	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
A few item and character names were adjusted, as in the expansion of " Fenix Down " to " Phoenix Down ". Unlike the PlayStation re release of Final Fantasy IV included in the later Final Fantasy Chronicles compilation, the script was left essentially unchanged. The	The	DET	Game	PROPN	 Game
After all the members of the group had been interrogated, the survivors were separated and sent to other camps in Java or to work as slave labourers in Japan. All the survivors were freed after the end of the war in August 1945. Following the war,	,	PUNCT	the	DET	 the
Urey then wrote his thesis on the ionization states of an ideal gas, which was subsequently published in the Astrophysical Journal. After he received his PhD in 1923, Urey was awarded a fellowship by the American Scandinavian Foundation to study at the Niels Bohr Institute in Copenhagen	Copenhagen	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
Despite labeling some tracks of the record like " Until It's Gone " as cliché, he commented positively on the music and writing of others such as " Drawbar " and " Rebellion ". He further wrote, " Linkin Park certainly know their audience, and	and	CCONJ	here	ADV	 here
But it made a lot of difference to me. " Correspondent and author Warren Moscow wrote that after 1940, Willkie helped Roosevelt, who was always careful not to go too far in front of public opinion, " as a pace setter with the President's blessing	blessing	NOUN	"	PUNCT	 "
On March 13, Kristin Dos Santos of E! confirmed that the series would be a spin off with new characters, and not a remake. In order for the project to be ready for the network's " upfront " presentations to advertisers in May, casting	casting	VERB	began	VERB	 began
Charing Cross Road passes between the National Gallery and the church. London Underground's Charing Cross tube station on the Northern and Bakerloo lines has an exit in the square. The lines had separate stations, of which the Bakerloo line one was called Trafalgar Square until they	they	PRON	were	AUX	 were
In January 1791, Treasury Secretary Alexander Hamilton submitted a report to Congress proposing the establishment of a mint. Hamilton concluded his report: The remedy for errors in the weight and alloy of the coins, must necessarily form a part, in the system of a mint	mint	NOUN	;	PUNCT	;
Tan's other students include the future generals Jin Tai (金台) and Zong Ze (宗澤) and the future Water Margin outlaws Sun Li and Luan Tingyu. As a young man, Zhou catches the attention of Judge Bao Zheng and enlists in the military as	as	ADP	an	DET	 an
After World War II began this was increased to 33 depth charges, delivered by one or two rails and two throwers. The ship was ordered on 15 July 1930 from Vickers Armstrongs, Barrow in Furness under the 1929 Programme. Cygnet was laid down on 1 December	December	PROPN	1930	NUM	 1930
Damon's role on the show made it his second prime time television appearance following his guest spot on Will & Grace — a series that previously aired on NBC — in 2002. When asked if he would return as Carol in the show's fifth season, Damon	Damon	PROPN	said	VERB	 said
At the 2008 World Short Track Speed Skating Championships, Reutter won a bronze medal in the 3000 m with a time of 5: 46.518, finishing behind Zhou Yang and Jung Eun Ju. In February 2009, Reutter completed a 1000 m race in 1: 29.667	29.667	NUM	in	ADP	 in
There is another flashback to the pilot episode showing Monteith's a cappella performance of " Can't Fight This Feeling " by REO Speedwagon. Gloria Estefan makes a special guest appearance as Maribel Lopez, the mother of Santana Lopez (Naya Rivera). Estefan was reported	reported	VERB	to	PART	 to
Gilchrist scored 241 runs at 48.20 with two fifties. In the ensuing ODI tournament, Gilchrist scored 326 runs at 36.22 with a top score of 98 as the Australians won all ten matches. Up to this point, Gilchrist had played in 14 Tests, all in	in	ADP	Australasia	PROPN	 Australasia
The track contains no proper vocals, instead using spoken words played at half speed to invoke images of interstellar space travel. In addition to jazz elements, Unterberger identified Hendrix's use of surf music motifs in the track that are reminiscent of earlier works by the Ventures	Ventures	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
The depression quickly intensified due to low wind shear and became Tropical Storm Isaac early on September 22 as it headed west northwestward. Isaac continued to strengthen and was upgraded to a hurricane on September 23. After reaching a preliminary peak with winds of 120 mph (200	200	NUM	km	NOUN	 km
49 species of fish and 47 species of mammals are registered in the area of the nature reserve, along with 772 species of vascular plants. Every spring over two million waterfowl pass Matsalu, including 10,000 — 20,000 Bewick's swans, 10,000 greater scaups, common goldeneyes	goldeneyes	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
Leng described Harrison's slide guitar solo on Lennon's " How Do You Sleep? " as a departure for " the sweet soloist of ' Something ' ", calling his playing " rightly famed... one of Harrison's greatest guitar statements ". Lennon commented:	:	PUNCT	"	PUNCT	 "
Thus, the two species apparently had widely overlapping ranges. Little is known about the extinction of Plesiorycteropus, but MacPhee assumed it may have happened around 1000 years ago, when the extinction of the rest of the subfossil fauna of Madagascar is thought to have concluded.	.	PUNCT	Nothing	PRON	 Nothing
" The article also states that Keynes was one of the three most important economists who ever lived, and that his General Theory was more influential than the magna opera of other famous economists, like Adam Smith's The Wealth of Nations. Keynesian economics were officially discarded	discarded	VERB	by	ADP	 by
He was since styled, as written in the accounts of the Patriarchate of Constantinople: " How should the Patriarch and the Archbishop write to ruler of Vidin and emperor Kamtsimir (Sratsimir): Most Faithful and Allmighty ruler of Vidin the whole of Bulgaria... " The authority	authority	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
The composer's lifestyle was in marked contrast to his co creators: " I had short hair, a wife, and, at that point, four children, and I lived on Staten Island. " " I never even heard of a hippie when I met	met	VERB	Rado	PROPN	 Rado
Clay Walker has released a total of 11 albums, including a greatest hits package and an album of Christmas music. His first four studio albums all achieved platinum certification in the United States and his greatest hits collection and fifth studio album were each certified gold. He	He	PRON	has	AUX	 has
" After fortifying Belbina, Cleomenes advanced into Arcadia with 3,000 infantry and a few cavalry. However, he was called back by the ephors, and this retreat allowed Aratus to seize Caphyae as soon as Cleomenes returned to Laconia. Once this news reached Sparta, the	the	DET	ephors	NOUN	 ephors
He has been noted as being a stereotypical large character villain in the series, described commonly as " the big brute with the axe ". JIVE Magazine described him as a " total crutch for mediocre players ", due to his strength and attack power. GameDaily	GameDaily	PROPN	named	VERB	 named
The city of Morón, located along the northern coast of Cuba, recorded 6.13 inches (155 mm) of rainfall in the 6 hour period prior to the storm passing the area. Damage was minor, limited to some crop damage in the eastern portion of the	the	DET	island	NOUN	 island
The episode featured recurring guest stars Helms, Creed Bratton, Rashida Jones, Wayne Wilderson, Mike Bruner, and Ursula Burton. According to Nielsen Media Research, an estimated 8.63 million viewers watched " The Merger " on its first broadcast. Critical reception to the episode	episode	NOUN	was	AUX	 was
According to historian Jean Edward Smith, Grant and Garfield had a " guarded relationship ", since Grant promoted Thomas to command of the Army of the Cumberland, rather than Garfield, after Rosecrans was dismissed. While serving in the army in early 1862, Garfield was	was	AUX	approached	VERB	 approached
Along the way, Patricia (Jane McNeill) is killed and Carol Peletier (Melissa McBride) is cornered by the walkers. Lori and Beth Greene (Emily Kinney) are picked up by T Dog while Andrea leaves to help Carol escape her predicament. Rick escapes	escapes	VERB	with	ADP	 with
During the early 20th century, urbanization of the city due to the geographical feature of " Cruesoe's Island " and surrounding coal mining property created a density not seen in many cities of its size. The city at the time with a population nearing 10,000 was forced	forced	VERB	to	PART	 to
Decay begins with Gina Cross and Colette Green arriving at the Anomalous Materials Labs at Black Mesa and reporting to Dr. Keller, who is readying the day's analysis of an unknown specimen. Despite the objections of Dr. Rosenberg to pushing the analysis equipment beyond its design capacities	capacities	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
Nyon is a Tal ' Darim executor who Raynor's Raiders fight in Wings of Liberty for pieces of Xel ' Naga artifacts. He is killed later in the game, when the Raiders destroy his mothership. He was the leader of the Tal'darim who knew the truth	truth	NOUN	behind	ADP	 behind
One unusual specimen, described by Branch and Farrell (1988), from Summer Pride, East London in South Africa, was striped. The pattern consisted of a narrow (1 scale wide) pale yellowish stripe that ran from the crown of the head to the	the	DET	tip	NOUN	 tip
Conway appears as himself. Conway, a comic veteran, is known for his work on The Carol Burnett Show, which has a similar format to The Simpson Family Smile Time Variety Hour. Due to Lisa being substituted for an older teenager in the third segment,	,	PUNCT	Yeardley	PROPN	 Yeardley
After studying law, he embarked on a successful career as a lawyer in Constantinople, which brought him to the attention of Empress Theodora. In 534, on account of his rhetorical skills, he was employed as an imperial envoy to the Ostrogothic court at Ravenna.	.	PUNCT	At	ADP	 At
" Letting Go " was written by series creator Christopher Murphey and Matthew Gross, who is best known for directing episodes of Dirty Sexy Money and Day Break, and films such as Fired Up! and Joe Somebody. Gross later directed the fifth episode of season 1	1	NUM	,	PUNCT	,
It is a Grade II listed building, a national designation given to " buildings of special interest, which warrant every effort being made to preserve them ", in particular because it is a " simple, rural church of Medieval origins. " The date of foundation	foundation	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
... In other parts of Denbighshire, in the south west of Meirionyddshire and Montgomeryshire, the inhabitants have imbibed more of the spirit of industry; and add the profits of manufacture to the value of the raw material... Mill owners were not always men. There are	are	VERB	records	NOUN	 records
When the Scarlet Witch changed reality to one where mutants were the dominant species, Anole was a Junior S.H.I.E.L.D. operative being trained by Northstar. In a dystopic future depicted in the final two issues of Young X Men, an adult Anole is one of only four remaining	remaining	VERB	mutants	NOUN	 mutants
The stronger the mean wind, the less likely other processes will be involved in storm motion. On weather radar, storms are tracked by using a prominent feature and tracking it from scan to scan. Convective rain, or showery precipitation, occurs from cumulonimbus clouds.	.	PUNCT	It	PRON	 It
Another $4.5 million of funding was also devoted to the project from the state of New York. Planning for the project began in mid 2004. In late 2006, the Irondeqout Town Board chose a configuration calling for the number of lanes on NY 590 to be	be	AUX	reduced	VERB	 reduced
Also, the track is filled with sand and gravel to reduce the noise when a train is on the track. Throughout the layout of the roller coaster, there are 5 sets of brakes to control the speed of the trains. The roller coaster operates with seven	seven	NUM	stadium	NOUN	 stadium
Having erupted in 1995, it is expected that Sakurai's Object's final helium flash will be the first well observed one. An International Astronomical Union Circular sent on February 23, 1996 announced the discovery of a " possible ' slow ' nova " of magnitude 11.4	11.4	NUM	by	ADP	 by
Jennifer Cady of E! Online wrote that the bright shiny lights in the video " make [Beyoncé] look like an angel ". Alison Maloney of The Sun praised Beyoncé's " amazing figure ". The video was ranked at number 74 on BET's Notarized	Notarized	PROPN	:	PUNCT	:
A detailed description of Domitian's appearance and character is provided by Suetonius, who devotes a substantial part of his biography to his personality. He was tall of stature, with a modest expression and a high colour. His eyes were large, but his sight was	was	AUX	somewhat	ADV	 somewhat
She dominated the ailing composer, who had no say in the subject matter, the voice types or the balance between solos, duets and ensembles. Nevertheless, critics have noted few signs of a decline in Smetana's powers in these works, while his increasing proficiency	proficiency	NOUN	in	ADP	 in
The hydrodynamic calculations involved were daunting, and ENIAC was used to run a computer simulation of the Super in December 1945 and January 1946. The Polish mathematician Stanislaw Ulam, his wife Francoise Ulam, who performed the calculations, and their collaborator, Cornelius Everett, worked	worked	VERB	on	ADP	 on
Development of Alien Soldier lasted two years and was led by Hideyuki Suganami, who from the start wanted to make the entire game himself. Despite 32 bit fifth generation hardware already on the market, he chose to program the game for the 16 bit Mega Drive,	,	PUNCT	claiming	VERB	 claiming
Abolition continued to be associated in the public consciousness with the French Revolution and with British radical groups, resulting in a decline in public support. In 1795, the Society for Effecting the Abolition of the Slave Trade ceased to meet, and Clarkson retired in ill health	health	NOUN	to	ADP	 to
Duméril did not name any Torpedo species; the first author to do so was probably Charles Lucien Bonaparte, who assigned Linnaeus's Raja torpedo to the genus Torpedo in 1838. Since at the time T. torpedo was the only member of the genus, it became the	the	DET	type	NOUN	 type
The Australian Board of Control's concern that — after losing money on the previous season's tour by the West Indies — the series would be another financial disaster resulted in South Africa offering an indemnity of ₤ 10,000 against any losses. Hassett began the season with two	two	NUM	consecutive	ADJ	 consecutive
These forces are said to be manipulable by the practitioner of LaVeyan Satanism, a trait of the religion that has been compared with Christian Science and Scientology. James Lewis argues that scientific themes are so prevalent in The Satanic Bible because LaVey was appealing to the authority of	of	ADP	science	NOUN	 science
He was a dynamic teacher and administrator, transforming the status of the institutions in which he worked. He was equally passionate about anatomy, enthusiastically seeking out and dissecting the largest and finest specimens, including whales, and troubling his colleagues with his single minded quest for	for	ADP	money	NOUN	 money
Replacement of the present Article 1 of the Dutch constitution, guaranteeing equality under the law, by a clause stating the cultural dominance of the Christian, Jewish and humanist traditions. Reduction of the influence of the European Union, which may no longer be expanded with new	new	ADJ	member	NOUN	 member
These names were contributed to a list of a 140 names submitted by the fourteen members nations and territories of the ESCAP / WMO Typhoon Committee. Two central pacific storms, Hurricane Ele 02C and Hurricane Huko 03C, crossed into this basin. They became Typhoon Ele and	and	CCONJ	Typhoon	PROPN	 Typhoon
Valverde achieved his fourth career stage victory at the Tour, nineteen seconds ahead of Froome and Wiggins, who in turn extended their advantage over the rest of the field. 20 July 2012 — Blagnac to Brive la Gaillarde, 222.5 km (138.3 mi) Despite being	being	AUX	ranked	VERB	 ranked
In 1917, all of the Sarajevo conspirators within Serbia's control were tried at Salonika on false charges, except Ciganović, who even gave evidence against his comrades at the trial. Apis's confession to ordering the assassination of Franz Ferdinand states that Russian Military Attaché Artamonov	Artamonov	PROPN	promised	VERB	 promised
" Thirty Five Thousand Feet of Despair ", the third song, is the tragic story of an airplane pilot who (somehow) hangs himself mid flight. The next song, " A Machine in India ", is about the " dull and depressing, mild	mild	ADJ	insanity	NOUN	 insanity
Ian's actions were revealed when Rainie, depressed after a confrontation with Mick Carter and his family, told Denise about their night together. Cora and Rainie have a heart to heart, but when Cora heads out for a short time, she returns and find Rainie	Rainie	PROPN	gone	VERB	 gone
The circumambulation covers a distance of 14 kilometres (8.7 mi), and is referred as Girivalam. According to Hindu legend, the walk removes sins, fulfils desires and helps achieve freedom from the cycle of birth and rebirth. Offerings are made in a string of	of	ADP	tanks	NOUN	 tanks
He initially worked as a bartender and later started working in recording studios in Philadelphia and later Boston and New York City, where he worked for Skyline Studios. In 1991 Wall left Skyline, and until 1994 worked as an independent music producer and sound engineer in New	New	PROPN	York	PROPN	 York
The most intense witch hunt was in 1661 – 62, which involved 664 named witches in four counties. From this point prosecutions began to decline, as trials were more tightly controlled by the judiciary and government, torture was more sparingly used and standards of evidence were	were	AUX	raised	VERB	 raised
When local television station KDKA TV showed up, Conway gave a short television interview outside the convention hotel. In November 2006 he gave a radio interview to Dublin's 98FM. Anthrocon still retains tight control over media access, not only to the convention grounds but to	to	ADP	the	DET	 the
Now that he was no longer under Kinkaid's command, Christie renewed his push to get Dealey awarded the Medal of Honor, this time by getting the endorsement for the decoration from MacArthur. The general agreed, and Dealey was posthumously awarded the medal. After the	the	DET	war	NOUN	 war
Due to its small size, only a few islands received significant effects from the hurricane. Saint Barthélemy, Saba, Anguilla, Sint Eustatius, and Saint Kitts reported damage from the hurricane, totaling $623,500 (1955 USD, $4.7 million 2006 USD).	.	PUNCT	Damage	NOUN	 Damage
Contestants who are defeated in the Winner's Defense bouts lose all winnings they have accumulated. All other defeated contestants, including those displaced from Winners ' Row by being out scored, may try out again for a chance to win their way back into the Money Chair	Chair	PROPN	.	PUNCT	.
Parsons petitioned the Virginia General Assembly to establish a public ferry across the South Branch Potomac River, thus connecting his property on both sides of the river. In October 1786, the Virginia General Assembly passed an act establishing the public ferry at Parsons ' property near the	the	DET	present	ADJ	 present
PlayStation was the brainchild of Ken Kutaragi, a Sony executive who had just finished managing one of the company's hardware engineering divisions at that time and would later be dubbed as " The Father of the PlayStation ". The console's origins date back to 1988 where	where	SCONJ	it	PRON	 it
In a rare comedy turn, she starred in The Baxter alongside writer / director Michael Showalter. The film received mostly negative reviews, but critics praised Williams. " Only when Williams is around does the movie seem human, true, and funny: Even in her	her	PRON	slapstick	NOUN	 slapstick
Burying dead afterwards is worst of all. " When disheartened he comforted himself with the thought, " This is not so bad as it was at Marlow ". During an engagement early in June 1915 Walpole single handedly rescued a wounded soldier; his Russian comrades refused	refused	VERB	to	PART	 to
In 2007, the new gym was finished. The new gym did not replace the older one, but rather, was an addition. In 2004, Hurricane Charley brought devastation to the Port Charlotte region. Although Port Charlotte High School suffered only minor damage from the	the	DET	hurricane	NOUN	 hurricane
Its introduction has been described as " the most athletic of bassoon lines ". The tenor and alto voices repeat the opening bassoon figure in canon. The work ends with a harmonically complex four part setting of the chorale, " Ach, Herr, laß dein lieb	lieb	PROPN	Engelein	PROPN	 Engelein
Travis Estvold of Boise Weekly wrote that she was " horribly miscast as some sort of undersized, warble voiced crime boss ". Director John Moore defended his choice of Kunis saying, " Mila just bowled us over..... She wasn't an obvious choice, but she	she	PRON	just	ADV	 just
One set was resplendent and new while the other was old and decrepit. The sets were joined to each other by the central mirror, a piece of transparent glass giving the illusion that a single set was reflected and used to create the effect. There were originally	originally	ADV	to	PART	 to
Dixon, unprepared for Rocky's resilience, sends Rocky to one knee in the final round, but the elder fighter pulls himself to his feet for one last assault. The two continue to punish each other until the end. Rocky thanks an appreciative Dixon for the	the	DET	fight	NOUN	 fight
There are 25 – 34 upper and 37 – 43 lower tooth rows; the upper teeth are broad and angled with a smooth leading edge and strongly serrated trailing edge, while the lower teeth are narrow, erect, and smooth edged. The five pairs of gill	gill	ADJ	slits	NOUN	 slits
By the time Mission Control issued the wake up call to the crew for flight day two, the spacecraft was about 98,000 nautical miles (181,000 km) away from the Earth, traveling at about 5,322 ft / s (1,622 m / s). As it	it	PRON	was	AUX	 was
The Mandala / Juliana ice cap disappeared in the 1990s. and the Idenburg glacier on Ngga Pilimsit dried up in 2003. This leaves only the remnants of the once continuous icecap on New Guinea's highest mountain, Mount Carstensz with the 4,884 m (16,024 ft)	)	PUNCT	high	ADJ	 high
That same theme prevented its publication in Communist Party governed China, where it was the only completed adventure not translated by Wang Bingdong and officially published in the early 21st century. In his study of the cultural and literary legacy of Brussels, André De Vries remarked that	that	SCONJ	Tintin	PROPN	 Tintin
Although the dog's life is saved, the family begins to feel the strain of their sacrifices and starts treating him badly, causing him to run away. He ends up in the possession of Mr. Burns, who trains him to become a vicious attack dog.	.	PUNCT	Several	ADJ	 Several
" British company 4dMax employed special 3D scanners to digitize data of the sets and actors which would be used by the effects companies. This allowed for computer generated sets such as the mirrored nuclear reactor where Magneto battles Shaw — for which the effects team used the mirror	mirror	NOUN	maze	NOUN	 maze
David Goldfield writes in Agricultural History that the book was the most impressive and balanced attempt to understand the slave's responses to plantation life to date. Carl N. Degler writes in the Washington Post that Blassingame's study comes " closer than any previous study to answering the	the	DET	question	NOUN	 question
The crown of a King of Arms is silver gilt and consists of sixteen acanthus leaves alternating in height, and inscribed with the words Miserere mei Deus secundum magnam misericordiam tuam (Latin: " Have mercy on me O God according to Thy great mercy ", from	from	ADP	Psalm	PROPN	 Psalm
Although fragmentary, the remains are similar to the western corella and the galah. In Melanesia, subfossil bones of Cacatua species which apparently did not survive early human settlement have been found on New Caledonia and New Ireland. The bearing of these fossils on cockatoo evolution and	and	CCONJ	phylogeny	NOUN	 phylogeny
He added " The notion of a mother being a surrogate for their daughter is something you can't pretend is not controversial. The writers embraced that and showed how Susan's decision divided the community, and has potential to divide the family ". Neighbours ' timeslot	timeslot	NOUN	presented	VERB	 presented
Every motion was perfect.... The man was Dickson; the little movie, approximately three seconds long, is now referred to as Dickson Greeting. On August 24, three detailed patent applications were filed: the first for a " Kinetographic Camera ", the second for	for	ADP	the	DET	 the
Gladys was the strongest storm to threaten the East Coast of the United States since Hurricane Hazel in 1954. Although initially not expected to threaten, meteorologists at the NHC forecast the storm to make landfall along the East Coast of the United States within three days. A	A	DET	hurricane	NOUN	 hurricane
After his graduation from high school, he attended Fresno State University, where he mostly played shortstop. He hit.292 in his first season with Fresno State University, earning second team all league honors. In May 1988, he suffered from mononucleosis and an ankle sprain,	,	PUNCT	slightly	ADV	 slightly
What will be next? Beyoncé's cut off all her hair? Dyed it green? Maybe she's singing the songs in reverse with some hidden subliminal message! The cover art of " Ring the Alarm ", caused controversy because alligators were used during the photography	photography	NOUN	session	NOUN	 session
The theory is now sometimes known as Burnet's clonal selection theory, which overlooks the contributions of Ehrlich, Jerne, Talmage, and the contributions of Lederberg, who conceptualised the genetics of clonal selection. Burnet's work on graft versus host was in collaboration with Lone	Lone	PROPN	Simonsen	PROPN	 Simonsen
They range in size from 30 to 90 cm (0.98 to 2.95 ft) in length and contain 10 – 41 leaflets organised in pairs, with the largest leaves found on vigorous young sprouts. When they emerge in the spring, the leaves are bronze then quickly	quickly	ADV	turn	VERB	 turn
The award is conferred for " exceptional and distinguished service ", without distinction of race, occupation, position, or sex. The criteria include " service in any field including service rendered by Government servants ", but excludes those working with the public sector undertakings,	,	PUNCT	with	ADP	 with
By the middle of the 19th century, a major restoration programme was needed. Under Dean Goodenough, the monuments were moved to the cloisters and the remaining medieval paint and whitewash removed in an operation known as " the great scrape ". Anthony Salvin took charge of	of	ADP	the	DET	 the
Lindemann notified Naval High Command (Oberkommando der Marine), Naval Groups North and West (Marinegruppen Nord und West) and Fleet Command that Bismarck was ready for action. The Chief of Fleet — Admiral Günther Lütjens — and his fleet staff held drills for the first	first	ADJ	time	NOUN	 time
These include: ' Allyn Radiance ' – derived from a prostrate orange and prostrate red forms of G. juniperina. ' Audrey ' – G. juniperina crossed with G. victoriae. Bred in 1957. ' Canberra Gem ' – G. juniperina crossed with G. rosmarinifolia. Registered with	with	ADP	the	DET	 the
User programming of display, variable, and function block parameters is provided to control, protect, and monitor the VFD, motor, and driven equipment. The basic drive controller can be configured to selectively include such optional power components and accessories as follows: Connected upstream	upstream	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
Pigeon post is thought to have Persians roots and was used by the Romans to aid their military. Frontinus said that Julius Caesar used pigeons as messengers in his conquest of Gaul. The Greeks also conveyed the names of the victors at the Olympic Games to various cities	cities	NOUN	using	VERB	 using
This was later followed by the release of " Of Mice and Men ". Additionally, " Kick the Chair " was released as a free promotional download via Megadeth's website in May 2004, several months prior to the album's release. This version of the	the	DET	song	NOUN	 song
Digimon Racing's release fell on April 1, 2004 in Japan; April 30 in Europe; and September 13 in North America. The game received mixed reviews from critics upon release; it has a score of 62% at Metacritic and 63.67% at Game Rankings	Rankings	PROPN	.	PUNCT	.
In the aquatic Belostomatidae, females lay their eggs on the back of the male which guards the eggs. Protection provided by ants is common in the Auchenorrhyncha. Although many species of Hemiptera are significant pests of crops and garden plants, including many species of aphid and	and	CCONJ	scale	NOUN	 scale
In addition to acting, Padukone has written opinion columns and has been involved with women's health and fitness magazines. She has also supported charitable organisations, and has performed for stage shows. In 2009, she was hired by Hindustan Times to write weekly columns for	for	ADP	their	PRON	 their
By 1904 rubber vines within 50 miles of Abir posts had been depleting, leading to violent clashes between rival villages over control of the remaining plants. The entirety of the Lulonga concession, to the west of Abir, produced just 7 tons of rubber in 1905.	.	PUNCT	The	DET	 The
Sporadic fighting and heavy shelling also continued on Hill 111 in the early morning hours, and at 04: 00 another fight developed; by 05: 30 the position was also controlled by the Americans. Four M46 Patton tanks on Boulder City dispersed the Chinese concentrations with	with	ADP	high	ADJ	 high
Electronic Arts designed the game's digital strategy to coexist with their other shooter, Battlefield 4, and the game does not use microtransactions. The free updates include features such as private matches that were left out of the original release for time restrictions. The private match	match	NOUN	feature	NOUN	 feature
These more massive nuclei can not undergo an energy producing fusion reaction that can sustain the hydrostatic equilibrium of a star. The electrons in an atom are attracted to the protons in the nucleus by the electromagnetic force. This force binds the electrons inside an electrostatic potential well	well	ADV	surrounding	VERB	 surrounding
Archaeological investigations failed to find any access stairway through the retaining wall to Group E. Pyramid E1 is located on the east side of the Group E plaza and was the most important building in Group E. The pyramid had three construction phases, the oldest of which was built	built	VERB	from	ADP	 from
Mike Hale of the New York Times did not miss Sue's presence in the episode, and wrote that " Ballad " contained some scenes which were " as honestly emotional as any since this series began, most of them involving Kurt and Finn ". Gerrick D.	D.	PROPN	Kennedy	PROPN	 Kennedy
In 1893 with his wife and young son, he set sail for Durban in South Africa, intending to join Rhodes's pioneers in Matabeleland and Mashonaland. Burnham was trekking the 1,000 miles (1,609 km) north from Durban to Matabeleland with his wife and son,	,	PUNCT	an	DET	 an
Jon Hayward was impressed by the " almost photo realistic " quality of the scenery, particularly in Shinjuku Gyoen. The Managing Editor, Bamboo Dong, described it as " beautifully designed and tenderly animated, it is nature eye candy at its finest. " She was	was	AUX	impressed	VERB	 impressed
This one scored hits on Repulse and she sank at 12: 33. Six aircraft from this wave also attacked Prince of Wales, hitting her with three torpedoes, causing further damage and flooding. Finally, a 500 kilogram (1,100 lb) bomb hit Prince of	of	ADP	Wales	PROPN	 Wales
" While Stanton's daughter, Harriot Stanton Blatch, remembers her grandmother as being fun, affectionate, and lively, Stanton herself did not apparently share such memories. Emotionally devastated by the loss of so many children, Margaret Cady fell into a depression, which kept	kept	VERB	her	PRON	 her
Baden Powell also wore shorts, because he believed that being dressed like a Scout helped to reduce the age imposed distance between adult and youth. Uniform shirts are now frequently blue, orange, red or green and shorts are frequently replaced by long trousers all year or	or	CCONJ	only	ADV	 only
It is the third largest municipal corporation and the third largest urban agglomeration in the state. Located 322 kilometres (200 mi) south of Chennai and 379 kilometres (235 mi) north of Kanyakumari, Tiruchirappalli sits almost at the geographic centre of the state. The	The	DET	Kaveri	PROPN	 Kaveri
Producer Anthony Nelson Keys chose Baker as director because he felt his experience on such films as A Night to Remember gave him the technical expertise to handle the film's significant special effects requirements. Baker, for his part, felt that his background on fact based dramas	dramas	NOUN	such	ADJ	 such
The original compounds used were 5 iodo 2 ' -deoxyuridine, AKA idoxuridine, IUdR, or (IDU) and 1 β D arabinofuranosylcytosine or ara C, later marketed under the name cytosar or cytorabine. The usage expanded to include topical treatment of herpes simplex, zoster	zoster	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
The reasons for using titanium were its exceptional strength to weight ratio and corrosion resistance. Emerson ground the blades of these knives from ATS 34 steel with a Rockwell hardness of 57 – 59 and made them thicker toward the tip, creating a stronger tipped blade than he	he	PRON	had	AUX	 had
His paper, published in the Physical Review in August 1947 was only two pages long and contained just 12 mathematical equations, but was enormously influential. Hitherto, it had been assumed that the infinities meant that QED was fundamentally flawed, and that a new, radical	radical	ADJ	theory	NOUN	 theory
Both series are now available on Hulu and Hulu Plus. It is also available (both complete series) on Channel 4 on Demand and on the LoveFilm instant streaming service run by Amazon in the United Kingdom. Green Wing won the first BAFTA Pioneer Audience Award in	in	ADP	2005	NUM	 2005
Anxiety disorders are common among children with ASD; there are no firm data, but studies have reported prevalences ranging from 11% to 84%. Many anxiety disorders have symptoms that are better explained by ASD itself, or are hard to distinguish from ASD's symptoms	symptoms	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
More care and thought would have made this an admirable offering. " The Mirror ' reviewer stated, " The production leaves the impression of being exceedingly well done, but to the average actor the New York engagement, after forsaking her barnstorming company of players, seems	seems	VERB	somewhat	ADV	 somewhat
Like Kiko, the storm deepened rapidly, and was upgraded into a tropical storm at 1800 UTC that day. Initially moving very slowly, the storm made a sharp turn northwest, parallel to the coast of Mexico. Accelerating, a poorly defined eye first became visible	visible	ADJ	on	ADP	 on
Daring was sunk by the German submarine U 23 on 18 February while escorting a convoy from Norway. Diana and Delight were assigned to convoy escort duties in early 1940, before participating in the Norwegian Campaign in April – June. While attempting to sail through the English	English	PROPN	Channel	PROPN	 Channel
Its portrayal of the conqueror as bisexual was controversial; the film was criticised by some historians for its treatment of the ancient Persians, although others praised it for its accuracy. An ancient history scholar at the University of Nebraska wrote: I would compare [Alexander]	]	X	to	ADP	 to
German Army Group Centre resisted in Prague until 11 May. In the Pacific theatre, American forces accompanied by the forces of the Philippine Commonwealth advanced in the Philippines, clearing Leyte by the end of April 1945. They landed on Luzon in January 1945 and recaptured Manila	Manila	PROPN	in	ADP	 in
By nightfall, he was suffering from a sore throat and chills, followed by a severe headache and a high fever the next day. A physician, Hannes, did not arrive until 27 July. Gloucester was immediately bled, but his condition continued to deteriorate.	.	PUNCT	Over	ADP	 Over
The Nash brothers also owned substantial property in the town, and established a mill on the Eno River, while Francis invested in a local store. From 1764 to 1765, he served his first term in the North Carolina Assembly representing Orange County. In 1770,	,	PUNCT	Nash	PROPN	 Nash
The 19th century Anglesey historian Angharad Llwyd described the church in 1833 as " a small but stately edifice, of lofty proportions and venerable appearance. " The clergyman and antiquarian Harry Longueville Jones visited in 1844, and later wrote that " this little edifice is one of	of	ADP	the	DET	 the
These Wild Card Avatars have special rules in addition to, or replacing, the normal ones. Reviewers rarely focused on the significance of the mentioned Avataric terms and their implied characteristics in the story, despite detailed explanations by Knauf and the later public availability of Carnivàle's	's	PART	Pitch	PROPN	 Pitch
It soon became clear that opinion was split: most of the younger izinDuna were opposed to the idea of any concession whatsoever, while the king himself and many of his older izinDuna were open to considering Rudd's bid. The idea of a mining monopoly in the	the	DET	hands	NOUN	 hands
In the southwest tower was a well, from which water would have been drawn for the household. Along the east wall is a chapel, a hall, and an antechamber. To accommodate the chapel, the curtain wall near the northeast corner projects 9 feet (	(	PUNCT	2.7	NUM	2.7
In a memo dated 1685 a French East India Company official claimed that Singora was finally captured by means of a ruse. Thailand's Ministry of Culture supports this version of events and discusses a spy who tricked his way into the city, enabling Siamese troops to enter	enter	VERB	and	CCONJ	 and
On the morning of September 11, 2001, MacFarlane was scheduled to return to Los Angeles on American Airlines Flight 11 from Boston. Suffering from a hangover after the previous night's celebrations that followed his speech at his alma mater, the Rhode Island School of Design	Design	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
At the time of the announcement, Bethesda had been working on Oblivion for two years (since 2002), just as Bethesda was completing work on Morrowind. Although preliminary reports from Reuters suggested an Oblivion release in tandem with the launch of the Xbox 360 on November	November	PROPN	22	NUM	 22
' I'd like to see Izzie take some culpability. Heigl was nominated for the " Best Supporting Actress in a TV Series " award at the 2007 and 2008 Golden Globe Awards for her role as Izzie. She was named " Favorite Female TV Star " at	at	ADP	the	DET	 the
In Malaysia, Malay is the language of instruction for most subjects while English is a compulsory subject, but as of 2012, English is still the language of instruction for mathematics and the natural sciences for certain schools. Some schools provide Mandarin and Tamil as languages of	of	ADP	instruction	NOUN	 instruction
Due in part to the school's emphasis on undergraduate research, in rankings for 2008 2009, BYU was ranked No. 10 nationally for the number of students who go on to earn PhDs, No. 1 nationally for students who go on to dental school,	,	PUNCT	No	NOUN	 No
Courts have also been split on viewpoint based expression in schools, such as religion. A variety of cases have appeared citing the Hazelwood case, citing whether or not a school should have the ability to regulate student dress or speech that certain ethnic groups might find offensive	offensive	ADJ	.	PUNCT	.
Excerpts from several different takes of " Like a Rolling Stone " appeared on the Highway 61 Interactive CD ROM, released in February 1995. In 2015, Dylan released Volume 12 of his Bootleg Series, The Cutting Edge, in three different formats. The 18 disc	disc	NOUN	Collector	PROPN	 Collector
Above the hypolimnion is a thin layer, known as epilimnion, where fish survive to some degree. The benthal is becoming increasingly thick, causing not only pollution of the lake water, but an increase in the shallow part of the lake. It has been reported	reported	VERB	that	SCONJ	 that
Chaplin's performance of a gibberish song did, however, give the Tramp a voice for the only time on film. After recording the music, Chaplin released Modern Times in February 1936. It was his first feature in 15 years to adopt political references and social	social	ADJ	realism	NOUN	 realism
Glee debuted in America on the Fox network on May 19, 2009. Series creator Ryan Murphy planned to include five to eight musical numbers per episode, and to release accompanying soundtrack albums every few months. In the week prior to the broadcast of the pilot episode	episode	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
The former was his first commercial success since Ishq Vishk. Greater success came to Kapoor later that year when he starred alongside Amrita Rao in Sooraj Barjatya's romantic drama Vivah, a film depicting an arranged marriage. Made on a shoestring budget of ₹ 100 million (	(	PUNCT	US	PROPN	US
Scholars have identified a distinctive form of Celtic Christianity, in which abbots were more significant than bishops, attitudes to clerical celibacy were more relaxed, and there were significant differences in practice with Roman Christianity, particularly the form of tonsure and the method of calculating Easter,	,	PUNCT	although	SCONJ	 although
After Jack sacrifices himself to the released supernatural demon, Gwen maintains a vigil, certain that he will resurrect. As she loses hope, giving Jack a parting kiss, he awakens and thanks her. Shortly afterwards, Jack abandons Torchwood to reunite with the mysterious "	"	PUNCT	Doctor	PROPN	 Doctor
Without a load, the Holt tractor managed a walking pace of 4 miles per hour (6.4 km / h). Towing a load, it could manage 2 miles per hour (3.2 km / h). Most importantly, Holt tractors were readily available in	in	ADP	quantity	NOUN	 quantity
Principal photography began on September 24, 1996, and ended on February 28, 1997. The first shooting took place at the Very Large Array (VLA) near Socorro, New Mexico. " Shooting at the VLA was, of course, spectacular but also one	one	NUM	of	ADP	 of
On 31 December, he presented to Pope Clement VII a roll of petitions — a series of requests — all of which were granted. After the death of King Robert II in 1390, Bishop Thomas along with other prelates of the Scottish kingdom, attended the coronation	coronation	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
Mr. Burns remained largely ignorant of Smithers ' devoted adoration, much to Smithers ' frustration. Mr. Burns himself has been involved with several women and in " A Hunka Hunka Burns in Love ", Smithers is noticeably disgusted when Mr. Burns starts looking for a female companion	companion	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
The album was produced by Kavichandran Alexander, founder of Water Lily Acoustics, and Jayant Shah. It was engineered by Alexander, and was mastered by Kevin Michael Gray and Paul Stubblebine. Cooder and Bhatt are accompanied by Cooder's fourteen year old son Joachim on dumbek	dumbek	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
In the second battle, U 38 fired at Effingham, but the torpedoes malfunctioned, (exploding prematurely). For her fifth patrol, U 38 would again depart from Wilhelmshaven with Heinrich Liebe in command on 6 June 1940. She was to patrol the waters off	off	ADP	southern	ADJ	 southern
Grove made his Major League debut on May 28, 1940. He pitched in two more games for the White Sox that season before being sent back to Oklahoma City. Grove finished 1940 with six innings of major league work over three games, allowing two earned runs	runs	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
Richard Eisenbeis of Kotaku, writing a retrospective on the series, praised the relationship between Spike and Faye, especially the way it evolved through the series without overt verbal expressions of affection. His portrayal in The Movie has also received praise: IGN's Andy Patrizio said	said	VERB	that	SCONJ	 that
In 2005, the average age of oil tankers worldwide was 10 years. Of these, 31.6% were under 4 years old and 14.3% were over 20 years old. In 2005, 475 new oil tankers were built, accounting for 30.7 million DWT. The	The	DET	average	ADJ	 average
In this episode, when rubbings from the spaceship resurface the FBI hides its investigation from the X Files. Meanwhile, Scully is forced to take drastic measures when she discovers a threat to William. " Provenance " introduced the character of the Toothpick Man, played by	by	ADP	Alan	PROPN	 Alan
Ubisoft announced the creation of a new division to create the My Coach series on May 21, 2007, and that Pauline Jacquey, the producer of the Tom Clancy's Ghost Recon and Rayman series, would lead the division. When commenting on the direction of the	the	DET	My	PRON	 My
The final engagement took place right in front of the small Texan town and populace, including the Texas Secretary of the Navy Samuel Rhoads Fisher. The Mexicans not being far behind came within range and Captain Wheelwright ordered his men to engage once more. The shots managed	managed	VERB	to	PART	 to
Of Pandas and People proposes that SETI illustrates an appeal to intelligent design in science. In 2000, philosopher of science Robert T. Pennock suggested the Raëlian UFO religion as a real life example of an extraterrestrial intelligent designer view that " make [s] many of the	the	DET	same	ADJ	 same
Punk has done various work with Nerdist Industries. As part of YouTube Comedy Week in 2013, Punk starred in a series titled CM Punk's Grammar Slam on Nerdist's YouTube channel, explaining grammatical mistakes in messages from wrestling fans and berating them. Later that year	year	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
Coach Graves was convinced, and asked Cade to produce enough of his potion for all Gator games. Gatorade achieved national prominence as a result of the Gators ' first Orange Bowl title over the Georgia Tech Yellow Jackets in January 1967. The Gators reinforced their reputation as	as	ADP	a	DET	 a
The Turgesh had been besieging Samarkand, and its commander, Sawra ibn al Hurr al Abani, sent a request for relief to the newly appointed governor of Khurasan, Junayd ibn Abd al Rahman al Murri. Junayd's army was attacked by the Turgesh in the pass	pass	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
" In March 2016, the company confirmed that the game would be released for the Xbox One video game console. The Nintendo 64 version of Turok 2 was a critical and commercial success, selling more than one million copies in the United States. Next Generation praised	praised	VERB	the	DET	 the
Although Sedna is officially considered a scattered disc object by the MPC, its discoverer Michael E. Brown has suggested that because its perihelion distance of 76 AU is too distant to be affected by the gravitational attraction of the outer planets it should be considered an inner Oort cloud	cloud	NOUN	object	NOUN	 object
In 2006, Parliamentary Monitoring Services owned half of Political Wizard and received GB £1.5 million for this share when Political Wizard was bought by Huveaux subsidiary Dods Parliamentary Communications. Zetter decided in 2006 to sell Parliamentary Monitoring Services to Dods Parliamentary Communications, and its parent Huveaux	Huveaux	PROPN	purchased	VERB	 purchased
The share of Nirvana's publishing was purchased by Primary Wave Music, which was founded by Larry Mestel, a former CEO of Virgin Records. In an accompanying statement, Love sought to assure Nirvana's fanbase that the music would not simply be licensed to the highest	highest	ADJ	bidder	NOUN	 bidder
The infantry battalions were particularly short of mortars, and ammunition for the Boys anti tank rifle was in short supply. To make up for this, O'Connor augmented Brigadier Edmund Herring's 6th Division Artillery with part of the XIII Corps artillery: the 104th (Essex Yeomanry	Yeomanry	PROPN	)	PUNCT	)
The comet would otherwise have gone unnoticed — its sighting during the eclipse was the only observation of it. Photographs of the eclipse revealed that the comet had moved noticeably during the 1m50s eclipse, as would be expected for a comet racing past the Sun at almost 500	500	NUM	km	NOUN	 km
She remained on guard ship duty on the Humber until November 1915. Illustrious paid off at Grimsby on 26 November 1915 to be converted to a disarmed harbour ship; two of her 12 inch (305 mm) guns were re used in the Tyne Turrets. Her	Her	PRON	conversion	NOUN	 conversion
These receptors have been found in various tissues and cell types, including brain and heart Some mitochondrial functions are performed only in specific types of cells. For example, mitochondria in liver cells contain enzymes that allow them to detoxify ammonia, a waste product of protein metabolism	metabolism	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
The band is temporarily on a hiatus that began in January 2016, which is expected to last around 18 months. In 2010, Niall Horan, Zayn Malik, Liam Payne, Harry Styles, and Louis Tomlinson auditioned as solo candidates for the seventh series of the	the	DET	British	ADJ	 British
None of them made references to DNA, fingerprint, or blood samples from the murder scene. Sources close to the Committee to Protect Journalists stated that the samples collected at the crime scene do not match those of any of the criminals listed on the national database.	.	PUNCT	This	PRON	 This
Page 186 Chapter 8: Preserving. Page 209 Chapter 9: Drying and Candying. Page 237 Chapter 10: Creams, Custards, and Cheese Cakes. Page 247 Chapter 11: Cakes. Page 264 Chapter 12: Little Savory Dishes. Page 280 Part III [	[	X	Preserves	NOUN	Preserves
Furthermore, they already knew that he could see their messages; Akira's mother explains that the students have no idea of online privacy, having always had technology like Amie, and assumed that anything they put online might be read by anyone. The game ends with	with	ADP	Rook	PROPN	 Rook
Brooke Smith, interviewed by Michael Ausiello, stated that: Smith explained that the script for her final episode did not involve her character being written out, and that Erica's final scene on the show is " just [her] heading to [her] car	car	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
There were large encyclopedias published in the Tang. The Yiwen Leiju encyclopedia was compiled in 624 by the chief editor Ouyang Xun (557 – 641) as well as Linghu Defen (582 – 666) and Chen Shuda (d. 635). The encyclopedia Treatise on	on	ADP	Astrology	PROPN	 Astrology
Winterfest was first held in 2009 and centers around the town's rich ice skating and ice hockey traditions. Winterfest events are held all over Bowling Green. Many of the on campus events are held at the BGSU Ice Arena, including curling, skating, BGSU ice	ice	NOUN	hockey	NOUN	 hockey
He was eligible for the 1982 NHL Entry Draft, but listed at five feet, nine inches tall by the Central Scouting Bureau, was considered too small for the NHL and went undrafted. Suter established himself as one of the first star players in the USHL's	's	PART	junior	ADJ	 junior
Machine Head accepted the offer on the grounds that the band owns 100% of the music. On April 20, 2004, Through the Ashes of Empires was released in the United States with a bonus track for the Americans ' long wait for the album's release	release	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
This meant the British merchant fleet would not be at Germany's disposal for use in evacuations, and planning for the Madagascar proposal stalled. In late August 1940, Rademacher entreated Ribbentrop to hold a meeting at his ministry to begin drawing up a panel of experts to	to	PART	consolidate	VERB	 consolidate
Some observers have suggested that the film served as an inspiration for Sunset Blvd., noting similarities between the outlines of each film. Michael Almereyda's 1994 film Nadja has been described as an " unofficial remake " of Dracula's Daughter. The lesbian vampire has been	been	AUX	a	DET	 a
Homer discovers Fat Tony is there alongside his henchman, Louie, having been released on bail, and unwittingly made the situation worse when he did what Fat Tony told him to do by planting a kiss on Mayor Quimby, oblivious to the fact that he had given	given	VERB	the	DET	 the
The existing fort is spread over an area of 10 acres (4.0 ha). It was built, in the Indo Saracenic architectural style, as Ranga Rao and his son had probably liked this style during their exile in Hyderabad where they had spent more than a	a	PRON	decade	NOUN	 decade
Recorded combat performance was lower, but still over 80 percent at 1,000 m, in the 60s at 1,500 m and the 40s at 2,000 m. Penetration of armoured plate inclined at 30 degrees was 202 and 132 mm (8.0 and 5.2 in) at 100 m (	(	PUNCT	110	NUM	110
The video opens with a clip of a poster in Gary pointing fans toward Jackson's childhood home, at the corner of 2300 Jackson Street and Jackson Family Boulevard and the sound of a vintage recording of one of Jackson's siblings yelling " Michael " repeatedly. An	An	DET	image	NOUN	 image
The album's most notable track, " Let the Music Do the Talking ", was in fact a cover of a song originally recorded by the Joe Perry Project and released on that band's album of the same name. Nevertheless, the band became a popular	popular	ADJ	concert	NOUN	 concert
Several days later, Kravis, who had originally suggested the idea of the buyout to Johnson, presented a new bid for $20.3 billion ($90 per share) financed with an aggressive debt package. KKR had the support of significant equity co investments from leading	leading	VERB	pension	NOUN	 pension
Snaut tells Kelvin that since they broadcast Kelvin's brainwaves at Solaris, the visitors stopped appearing and islands began forming on the planet's surface. Kelvin debates whether or not to return to Earth or to descend to Solaris in hopes of reconnecting with everything he has loved	loved	VERB	and	CCONJ	 and
Team Sky then took up the reins through recent Volta ao Algarve winner Richie Porte, protecting their overall leader Bradley Wiggins; such was Porte's high tempo that less than twenty riders remained in the lead group as the race reached the final kilometre. Arnold Jeannesson attacked	attacked	VERB	from	ADP	 from
As the player progresses through the game new weapons and upgrades can be obtained. As well as the 20 weapons available to the player, each weapon (apart from the RY3NO) has eight levels of strength, which is different to the previous game's four levels	levels	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
After being caught with one of these pictures at work, Haynes left the accounting firm and moved to Southern California. Leary, at the time one semester shy of his degree, dropped out of college and followed Haynes. After a brief period spent selling homemade clothes	clothes	NOUN	and	CCONJ	 and
Ujung Kulon is managed by the Indonesian Ministry of Forestry. Evidence of at least four baby rhinos was discovered in 2006, the most ever documented for the species. In March 2011, hidden camera video was published showing adults and juveniles, indicating recent matings and breeding	breeding	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
Madlax was produced as a spiritual successor to the studio's earlier project, Noir, and together with El Cazador de la Bruja, these series constitute a trilogy exploring the " girls with guns " genre. The production of Madlax began in 2002 but it wasn't	n't	PART	until	SCONJ	 until
The Sm2 + ions are blood red in aqueous solution. The most stable oxide of samarium is the sesquioxide Sm2O3. As many other samarium compounds, it exists in several crystalline phases. The trigonal form is obtained by slow cooling from the melt. The melting point	point	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
That same year, she played the lead female role in the romance Luv Shuv Tey Chicken Khurana, and followed it with a role in Ek Thi Daayan. She portrayed protagonists in the anthological Shorts (2013), the black comedy Dedh Ishqiya (2014),	,	PUNCT	the	DET	 the
The spore print is white, and individual spores are spherical to ellipsoid, measuring 7.5 – 9 by 7.5 – 9 micrometres. The mushroom may be confused with another New Zealand species, A. australis, but can be distinguished by certain characteristics. Amanita nothofagi is a	a	DET	mycorrhizal	NOUN	 mycorrhizal
In Messiaen's opera Saint François d'Assise, the saint is represented by themes based on the blackcap's song. The genus Sylvia, the typical warblers, forms part of a large family of Old World warblers, the Sylviidae. The blackcap and its nearest relative,	,	PUNCT	the	DET	 the
The sources are quite thin on this ground, but by 1249 he had brought at least one more church into the control of the bishopric. On 23 December 1248, he was also authorised by the Pope to appoint, with the agreement of the Bishop of Glasgow	Glasgow	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
" The title is a tribute to his vision. He had a plan and he saw it through. That was a real eye opener for me. It inspired me to dig out my old Marvin Gaye albums and start writing songs. " In promoting the album	album	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
The Chinese had also penetrated the 38th Infantry Regiment's left flank, blocking the regiment's retreat route in the process. By the morning of November 26, Chinese troops were spotted all around the 38th Infantry Regiment. The Chinese promptly withdrew as the morning came on	on	ADP	November	PROPN	 November
In order to create the beautiful spray of the falls pictured here the city had to open many fire hydrants upstream and out of sight, to feed water to the creek. " The park saw conflict in the 1960s when the highway department planned an elevated freeway between	between	ADP	Minnehaha	PROPN	 Minnehaha
Like Goldwater, Bush strongly opposed civil rights legislation in the name of states rights. Yarborough, a leading Texas liberal, supported the civil rights legislation and was reelected by 56% - 44%. The Republican candidate for governor, Jack Crichton of Dallas, who	who	PRON	often	ADV	 often
Small children with moderate to severe TBI may have some of these symptoms but have difficulty communicating them. Other signs seen in young children include persistent crying, inability to be consoled, listlessness, refusal to nurse or eat, and irritability. The most common causes of	of	ADP	TBI	PROPN	 TBI
Completion was scheduled for June 1805, but construction did not start until late 1804, and by the time it was completed in 1809, invasion was thought to be unlikely. The Rother Levels Acts were two Acts of Parliament which were obtained in 1826 and 1830.	.	PUNCT	The	DET	 The
" The Legion condemned zero films produced by the MPPDA between 1936 and 1943. A coincidental upswing in the fortunes of several studios was publicly explained by Code proponents such as the Motion Picture Herald as proof positive that the code was working. Another fortunate coincidence for Code	Code	PROPN	supporters	NOUN	 supporters
Two songs were removed from the album version: the interrupted " Late Great Johnny Ace ", and the encore reprise of " Late in the Evening ". The album was an international success. It peaked at number six on the Billboard 200 chart, and was	was	AUX	certified	VERB	 certified
Its secondary task was to assist the 9th Division in the capture of Lae. The plan was generally known as Operation POSTERN, although this was actually the GHQ code name for Lae itself. Meanwhile, Major General Stanley Savige's 3rd Division in the Wau area and	and	CCONJ	Major	PROPN	 Major
The following year Macfies were among the Camerons, who were on the right flank at the Jacobite Army at the Battle of Culloden. A well known character in Inverness shire, in the 19th century, was a Ewan Macphee who lived as an outlaw. Described as	as	ADP	Scotland	PROPN	 Scotland
" The word in question was Gilbert's reference to " nigger " (blackface) minstrels, and Carte asked A. P. Herbert to suggest an acceptable revision. " He made several alternative suggestions, one of which we adopted in America, and it seems well to	to	PART	go	VERB	 go
While G Company was trying to escape from Hill 464, the rest of the 2nd Battalion was cut off at the eastern base of Hill 380, to the south. Nist organized all the South Korean carriers he could find before dark and loaded them with water,	,	PUNCT	food	NOUN	 food
As a military commander, Vespasian gained early renown by participating in the Roman invasion of Britain in 43. Nevertheless, ancient sources allege poverty for the Flavian family at the time of Domitian's upbringing, even claiming Vespasian had fallen into disrepute under the emperors Caligula (	(	PUNCT	37	NUM	37
By early 1942, fierce fighting had broken out between the Ustaše, Chetniks and Partisans in NDH territory. Some Ustaše militia units became convinced that the Muslims were communist sympathizers, and burned their villages and murdered many civilians. The Chetniks accused the Muslims of taking part	part	NOUN	in	ADP	 in
He desires to cast Kei in an amateur film he is making for an upcoming film festival. Occupied with thoughts of Kei, he sets out determined to get closer to Kei by becoming better friends with Hiro, Kei's childhood friend. Kei is one year younger	younger	ADJ	than	ADP	 than
These NCO quarters became known as " soap suds row ' because many of the NCO wives were former army laundresses who supplemented their husbands ' income by doing laundry for post personnel. A number of significant buildings were added to the fort from 1893 to 1899 including a	a	DET	10	NUM	 10
A recent strong earthquake in the region was the 1979 Montenegro earthquake, measuring 7.0 on the Richter scale. Historical earthquakes in the area include the 1627 Gargano peninsula and the 1667 Dubrovnik earthquakes, both followed by strong tsunamis. In the last 600 years, fifteen tsunamis	tsunamis	NOUN	have	AUX	 have
Oliphant retired as Professor of Particle Physics in 1964, and was appointed Professor of Ionised Gases. In this chair he produced his first research papers since the 1930s. He was appointed Professor Emeritus in 1967. He was invited by the premier, Don Dunstan, to	to	PART	become	VERB	 become
On New Year's Eve, Lydia discovers Zoe's true reasons for befriending her and decides to murder her at Sarah's grave, before taking her own life. Zoe and Lydia meet in a church to admit their ' relationship ' to Sarah. However, Zoe	Zoe	PROPN	flees	NOUN	 flees
The two siblings played with each other briefly as members of the Florida Panthers, after Valeri was traded there on June 25, 2001, as well as on the Russian national team at Nagano and Salt Lake City in 1998 and 2002, respectively. In addition to	to	ADP	athleticism	NOUN	 athleticism
It is hosted by Miyuki Sawashiro and Asami Sanada, the voice of Shinku and Jun respectively. The second is Suigintou's Night of Ennui, a live radio hosted by Sugintou's voice actress Rie Tanaka during Tokyo Broadcasting System's Anime Festa 2006. Due to positive	positive	ADJ	reception	NOUN	 reception
Cao Đài was outlawed during the Khmer Republic and Khmer Rouge regimes, but regained official recognition in 1985 and has about 2,000 adherents in 2000. The Vietnamese as a whole exhibit varying levels of fluency in the Khmer and Vietnamese languages. Vietnamese that live in self contained	contained	VERB	fishing	NOUN	 fishing
Amphibian engineer scouts from the 2nd Engineer Special Brigade's 532nd Engineer Boat and Shore Regiment (EBSR) accompanied them. The rest of the 20th Infantry Brigade travelled less comfortably in the VII Amphibious Force's LCIs and LSTs. The Fifth Air Force carried out raids on	on	ADP	the	DET	 the
Both sexes contribute to the nest building, though the male also stands guard while the female is building the nest. The eggs vary in shape, but most often are a rounded oval. They are white and lustreless, and sometimes have a pinkish or brownish tinge	tinge	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
The treaty included ₹ 20 lacs as Chauth for Bengal (includes both West Bengal and Bangladesh) and ₹ 12 lacs for Bihar (including Jharkhand). After this, Maratha promised never to cross the boundary of the Nawab of Bengal's territory. Thus, Baji	Baji	PROPN	Rao	PROPN	 Rao
They put layers and layers of different materials on you and you have two straws in your nose so you can breathe. It was so scary! They put so much of it on, you can't see and they put it in your ears so you can	can	AUX	barely	ADV	 barely
Planning for Operation Trio and the associated Operation West Bosnien in the Bosanska Krajina occurred during two Axis conferences in March 1942. During the initial conference at Opatija on 2 – 3 March, the NDH Chief of the General Staff Vladimir Laxa objected to an Italian proposal to	to	PART	involve	VERB	 involve
Chris Carter of Destructoid, conversely was heavily critical of the Riddler challenges and their requirement for the game's full ending, finding many to be " tedious " while others lacked any resemblance of actual riddles, such as the breakable objects. He felt that the puzzles	puzzles	NOUN	driven	VERB	 driven
In his teenage years, Sheen was involved with the West Glamorgan Youth Theatre and, later, the National Youth Theatre of Wales. " It was a brilliant youth theatre ", Sheen has said, " and it taught me not only a lot about acting,	,	PUNCT	but	CCONJ	 but
Several conditions, including Parkinson's disease, diabetes and so called pure autonomic failure, can cause a loss of norepinephrine secreting neurons in the sympathetic nervous system. The symptoms are widespread, the most serious being a reduction in heart rate and an extreme drop in resting	resting	VERB	blood	NOUN	 blood
A poor start in the group stages, with two losses in their first five games, had the club facing elimination. However, a 3 – 1 victory over Greek side Olympiacos eventually ensured their passage to the knock out rounds. Liverpool beat Bayer Leverkusen and Juventus	Juventus	PROPN	to	PART	 to
They were filled with a mixture of argon and carbon dioxide at 4.5 standard atmospheres (460 kPa). Eight chambers were arranged in a tray and connected in parallel; four trays were located in a tetrahedron around the experimental assembly, recording the gamma radiation around the	the	DET	sphere	NOUN	 sphere
JSTOR 458509. Faderman, Lillian (1981). Surpassing the Love of Men. New York: William Morrow & Co. ISBN 0 688 00396 6. Flanner, Janet (1979). Paris was Yesterday: 1925 – 1939. New York: Penguin. ISBN	ISBN	PROPN	0	NUM	 0
Initially, they served as the opening act for Nine Inch Nails on the 2000 Fragility v2.0 tour, but subsequently embarked on a number of headlining tours all over the world, including the Canadian festival, Summersault. As Keenan was well known through his other band,	,	PUNCT	he	PRON	 he
There was little approval among reviewers for the " canary in a cage " metaphor in the scene between Kurt and Blaine at the end of the episode, with Kurt the " canary " in his new Dalton cage; Hankinson characterized it as " super ham fisted "	"	PUNCT	,	PUNCT	,
The fungus promotes growth of the roots and helps protect the trees against predators and pathogens. It can also limit damage done to a tree by pollution as the fungus accumulate heavy metals within its tissues. Fossil evidence shows that roots have been associated with mycorrhizal fungi since	since	SCONJ	the	DET	 the
In the first leg of the semi final against Beograd in Belgrade, Greaves was sent off for violent conduct (his first and only red card) after attempting to punch centre back Blagomir Krivokuća. Greaves served a one match ban and was able to play in the	the	DET	final	ADJ	 final
As midnight approaches, they take the rest of the family into the basement. Sam begs Ruby to teach him how to use his abilities, but she tells him that it is too late. Dean accepts his fate as the clock strikes midnight, but runs from	from	ADP	the	DET	 the
The slower, harmonized Trio version of the Dooley song and other traditional numbers struck Proffitt as a betrayal of " the strange mysterious workings which has made Tom Dooly [sic] live... " As recently as 2006, folk traditionalist and influential banjo master Billy Faier remarked	remarked	VERB	:	PUNCT	:
Despite this, assessors working for the IUCN believe there are no major threats that could result in a range wide decline of the species. In 2011, the British Television Channel ITV1 aired an eight episode miniseries, hosted by popular British comedian Bill Bailey. The series	series	NOUN	followed	VERB	 followed
Jolin spent most of 1918 in Copenhagen, where he showed his paintings at an art gallery at Nikolaiplads. They sold well enough for him to stay in Denmark almost a year. Jolin enjoyed life in the Danish capital, the social life was more spontaneous than in	in	ADP	Stockholm	PROPN	 Stockholm
Principal photography began on 7 June 2013. Scenes focusing on Chaitanya and Samantha were shot at Narayanguda in mid June 2013. The latter completed her part in the schedule and left for Switzerland on 18 June 2013 to work on Attarintiki Daredi (2013). The first	first	ADJ	schedule	NOUN	 schedule
They provided feedback to Sony on what hardware evolutions they would like to see on the PlayStation 4 system. Second Son was considered a fresh start for the series because it features a new protagonist. Delsin Rowe's superpowers were designed to feel fluid and suited to the	the	DET	open	ADJ	 open
His recess appointment by President Jimmy Carter came on July 27 of that year, as part of a midterm restructuring of the Carter administration's cabinet positions. The United States Senate confirmed his appointment on September 21, and he was sworn in on September 24. In	In	ADP	this	DET	 this
Paul is a proponent of Austrian School economics; he has authored six books on the subject, and displays pictures of Austrian School economists Friedrich Hayek, Murray Rothbard, and Ludwig von Mises (as well as of President Grover Cleveland) on his office wall. He	He	PRON	regularly	ADV	 regularly
Her terms accepted, Hepburn was also given the director and co star of her choice, George Stevens and Spencer Tracy. Released in 1942, Woman of the Year was another success. Critics praised the chemistry between the stars, and, says Higham, noted Hepburn	Hepburn	PROPN	's	PART	's
Fruit bodies have small, bright red cups up to 2 cm (0.8 in) wide atop a slender whitish stem that is between 1 to 3 cm (0.4 to 1.2 in) long. A saprobic species, it is found growing on hardwood twigs, particularly	particularly	ADV	those	PRON	 those
The art director for the series is Nobuto Sakamoto. The sound director is Yoshikazu Iwanami, and the soundtrack is composed by Mikiya Katakura. The series was later released by Geneon to seven VHS and DVD compilation volumes from April to October 2004. Most of the production	production	NOUN	staff	NOUN	 staff
They have written two feature film screenplays: The Optimist for New Line Cinema, in which Seann William Scott was slated to star as a man born with no unhappiness gene, and Ruprecht, a Santa Claus related comedy for Disney. Along with Weinstein, Oakley was	was	AUX	to	PART	 to
" XO " managed to appear on many music charts across Europe and Oceania and it peaked at number 45 on the US Billboard Hot 100. A music video for the song directed by Terry Richardson was filmed in Coney Island in late August 2013. It was made	made	VERB	available	ADJ	 available
One such defendant was the Jehovah's Witnesses, who were involved in a large number of Supreme Court cases. Cases that the ACLU supported included Lovell v. City of Griffin (which struck down a city ordinance that required a permit before a person could distribute " literature	literature	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
The 50 50 venture is called Parkwood Topshop Athletic Ltd and is scheduled to launch its first dance, fitness and sports ranges in autumn 2015. The line will launch in April 2016. After Hurricane Katrina in 2005, Beyoncé and Rowland founded the Survivor Foundation to provide	provide	VERB	transitional	ADJ	 transitional
Revere first gave instructions to send a signal to Charlestown using lanterns hung in the steeple of Boston's Old North Church. He then traveled the northern water route, crossing the mouth of the Charles River by rowboat, slipping past the British warship HMS Somerset at anchor	anchor	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
She carried 1,844.5 tonnes (1,815.4 long tons) of coal, and an additional 267.2 tonnes (263.0 long tons) of fuel oil that was to be sprayed on the coal to increase its burn rate. At full capacity, she could steam for 4,200 nautical miles	miles	NOUN	(	PUNCT	 (
It included a clause to ensure that the Selby Canal was maintained with a depth of water of 5 feet (1.5 m), and made provision for extensions to Goole docks. Work started on a new cut at Castleford and on the line to Leeds, but	but	CCONJ	legal	ADJ	 legal
The Dayaks tried to cut through the door of the fort by using axes but they were later defeated by the Brookes. There were 60 wooden shops in Sibu according to Sarawak Gazette published on 24 January 1871. In 1873, the third division of Sarawak was created	created	VERB	with	ADP	 with
This combined complex imagery, incorporating classical themes of the goddess Astraea and the revival of the classical golden age, with the chivalry of the Round Table. The ceremony was followed by a banquet, hunts, feasting, poetry, dance and theatre, cumulating in a	a	DET	staged	VERB	 staged
Ron goes to April's house and convinces her to come back by telling her about Andy's compliments. April then reveals that she knows Ron is Duke Silver, since her mother is a huge fan, and that she recognized him the first time that they met	met	VERB	.	PUNCT	.
Half Life: Decay, however, indicates that Dr. Gina Cross is responsible for this task. Livingston admitted he did not play Decay, and thus was not aware of its storyline. He also stated that the comic takes place in the PC version of the Half	Half	ADJ	life	NOUN	 life
The enemy assault overran 2 tanks, destroyed 1 and forced another to withdraw. Suddenly M / Sgt. Kouma discovered that his tank was the only obstacle in the path of the hostile onslaught. Holding his ground, he gave fire orders to his crew and remained	remained	VERB	in	ADP	 in
In addition to British losses in the explosion at the fort, two men had been killed and one wounded on Nereide. French losses were more severe, Minerve suffering 23 casualties and Ceylon eight. With both sides recognising that further action was inevitable, Willoughby sent a	a	DET	boat	NOUN	 boat
Boys are expected to practice extreme discipline during this period known as brahmacharya. Boys are expected to lead a celibate life, live off alms, consume selected vegetarian saatvic food and observe considerable austerity in behaviour and deeds. Though such practices are not followed in modern times	times	NOUN	by	ADP	 by
" Another characteristic of Smallville ' s Lex Luthor — one that is being developed over the course of the series — is his evilness. Rosenbaum believes that what the audience sees in Lex's dark side in the early seasons is merely a taste of what the character	character	NOUN	is	AUX	 is
The following year the art critic Octave Mirbeau wrote that Van Gogh's suicide was " infinitely sadder loss for art... even though the populace has not crowned to a magnificent funeral, and poor Vincent van Gogh, whose demise means the extinction of a beautiful flame of	of	ADP	genius	NOUN	 genius
Prankster Comets, which were featured in the original game and cause variation and tougher challenges in levels, no longer appear randomly in visited galaxies but instead require the collection of a Comet Medal in that galaxy in order for it to appear. In addition, Prankster Comets	Comets	NOUN	have	AUX	 have
The film began its limited theatrical run in the United States on March 16, 2012. Drafthouse Films acquired distribution rights to The FP on August 1, 2011, one day after its premiere at the Fantasia Festival. Tim League, the founder of Drafthouse Films,	,	PUNCT	attended	VERB	 attended
He also wrote a book with a cardiologist called Jogging, which detailed the medical benefits of jogging, to which many credited its exploding popularity. Bowerman's successor, Bill Dellinger, also authored a number of books regarding running, including Competitive Runner's Training Book,	,	PUNCT	The	DET	 The
The work is integrated into the window bays of the former Nabisco Factory loading dock, as a series of 700 purple and grey colored glass panes. Each color is exactly calibrated to match the center pixel of 700 digital pictures, one taken every minute, of the	the	DET	Hudson	PROPN	 Hudson
To the president's concern that this could create precedent for other veterans to come forward, Toby replies " I can only hope, sir. " Mrs Landingham, who has just told Charlie about losing her twin sons in the Vietnam War, joins Toby and the	the	DET	veteran	NOUN	 veteran
Compounding the effects of the air attacks, Japan's rice crop of 1945 failed. The resulting shortage of rice caused widespread malnutrition, and mass starvation would have occurred had the war continued. In financial terms, the Allied air campaign and attacks on merchant ships destroyed	destroyed	VERB	between	ADP	 between
Hurricane Felix took a similar path as Hurricane Dean, although its effects were not severe; damage on Tobago was estimated at $250,000 (2007 TTD; $40,000 2007 USD, $45.6 thousand 2016 USD). Hurricane Felix made landfall just south of the border	border	NOUN	between	ADP	 between
It also topped the Adult Top 40, and charted at number two on the Mainstream Top 40, number two on the Hot Rock Songs and number two on the Alternative Songs. On the Billboard Hot 100, " Team " peaked at number six, becoming her	her	PRON	second	ADJ	 second
Tupolev initially designed the Tu 95PLO (protivolodochnaya oborona, or ASW), a development of the Tu 95 equipped with sonobuoys, anti submarine mines and torpedoes. It was to carry a 9,000 kg (19,841 lb) payload with a maximum loiter time of 10.5 hours	hours	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
On 10 August 1901, they travelled by train to Versailles. They did not think much of the palace after touring it, so they decided to walk through the gardens to the Petit Trianon. On the way, they reached the Grand Trianon and found it was	was	AUX	closed	VERB	 closed
GCE was leasing the car from the San Antonio Museum Association. Car 300 was the main streetcar on the WST line through the 1994 season, but in 1995 the city of Lake Oswego decided to give the operating contract for the WST instead to the Oregon Electric Railway	Railway	PROPN	Historical	PROPN	 Historical
It has also been hypothesized that vampire legends were influenced by individuals being buried alive because of shortcomings in the medical knowledge of the time. In some cases in which people reported sounds emanating from a specific coffin, it was later dug up and fingernail marks were discovered	discovered	VERB	on	ADP	 on
AMC recommended to narrow the competition to compound helicopters, as they were considered the only helicopter configuration at the time capable of being developed to meet the objectives. In March 1964, the Secretary of the Army advised DDRE that modification of existing aircraft would not approach the	the	DET	required	VERB	 required
Instead, he too was arrested, tried, and sentenced to death, quickly commuted to house arrest. Mundhir remained in Constantinople until the death of Tiberius and the accession of Maurice, when he was exiled to Sicily. It is likely that he is the man	man	NOUN	Pope	PROPN	 Pope
[...] Adding the ability to battle it out with friends via Xbox Live is also really exciting. " The game's water effects received substantial upgrades because of the large role naval battles play in The Battle for Middle earth II. The developers endeavored to make	make	VERB	the	DET	 the
They may also spend money on the work of amateur and professional artists, both directly and at auction. Furry conventions started in mid 1986 with parties at popular science fiction conventions, such as Westercon and BayCon in the San Francisco Bay Area. Over time, these	these	DET	parties	NOUN	 parties
The trial proved successful, and he signed on non contract terms with the club on 18 December 2012. He made his debut on the same day in a 3 – 3 draw against Bury in the Football League Trophy, with Preston progressing following a penalty shoot out	out	ADP	.	PUNCT	.
Operational squadrons during the time of its operation at Loring included: 69th Bombardment Squadron (B 52, 1952 – 1991) 70th Bombardment Squadron (B 52, 1953 – 1966) 75th Bombardment Squadron (B 52, 1953 – 1956) 42d Air Refueling Squadron (	(	PUNCT	KC	PROPN	KC
Substantial variations observed between AADT and ASDT are normally attributed to the fact that the motorway carries significant tourist traffic to Istria and Kvarner Gulf. The seasonal increase in traffic volume ranges from 41% on the Oštrovica – Kikovica section to 69% as measured on the Bosiljevo	Bosiljevo	PROPN	2	NUM	 2
Its organic content varies from 15% to 55%, averaging over 40%. Correspondingly, its mean calorific value is 15 MJ / kg (3,600 kcal / kg). The conversion ratio of its organic content into usable energy (shale oil and oil shale	shale	NOUN	gas	NOUN	 gas
On each face of the head is a dial, and the head is surmounted by a globe on a short stem. It is a scheduled monument and is designated as a Grade II listed building. Also listed Grade II is the red sandstone churchyard boundary wall which	which	PRON	is	AUX	 is
1922), Andrew E. (b. 1927), and Edward L. " Ed " (b. 1930). In 1921, Kimball began employment at the Thatcher branch of the Arizona Trust and Savings Bank, where he was eventually promoted to assistant cashier at $225	225	NUM	per	ADP	 per
The full distribution of Nothomyrmecia has never been assessed, and it is unknown how widespread it really is. If it does favour old growth mallee woodland, it could have the potential for a wider range than is currently known from surveys and museum specimens. In 1998	1998	NUM	,	PUNCT	,
As Peter and Lois are having sex, she yells out George Clooney's name, so Peter realizes that she is imagining him as Clooney to maintain her libido. Lois and Peter decide to take a second honeymoon to enliven their marriage, and leave their anthropomorphic dog	dog	NOUN	Brian	PROPN	 Brian
Eagle rays, smaller sharks, and octopus are occasionally taken. Larger sharks tend to be more sluggish and take more benthic prey. The differently shaped dentition in their upper and lower jaws allows them to tackle large prey, gripping and sawing off chunks of flesh with	with	ADP	violent	ADJ	 violent
NY 3 has had 14 suffixed routes over the years; however, all of them except for one only existed during the 1930s. The only active designation is NY 3A, which is currently assigned to an alternate route of NY 3 in Jefferson County. At least	least	ADV	four	NUM	 four
5. In 2000, he hosted Saturday Night Live. Fellow wrestlers Triple H, The Big Show, and Mick Foley also appeared on the show. Johnson has stated the success of that episode is the reason he began receiving offers from Hollywood studios. Johnson had	had	VERB	guest	NOUN	 guest
Ultimately, during tests conducted by Rolls Royce at Derby, an RM.17.SM (the high altitude version of the Merlin 100 Series) achieved 2,640 horsepower (1,969 kW) at 36 lb boost (103 " Hg) on 150 octane fuel with water injection. With the	the	DET	end	NOUN	 end
Oli Welsh of Eurogamer wrote that the music matched the game's themes of " hidden depth ". Welsh heard influences of 1960s English psychedelia (Pink Floyd, Soft Machine), 1970s Krautrock (Tangerine Dream and Kraftwerk), 1980s synth (Jean Michel Jarre,	,	PUNCT	Vangelis	PROPN	 Vangelis
Examinations of vertebral growth ring count gave a maximum male age of 73 years and a maximum female age of 40 years for the specimens studied. The shark's late sexual maturity, low reproductive rate and slow growth make it vulnerable to pressures such as overfishing and environmental	environmental	ADJ	change	NOUN	 change
During eruptions, these blasts occur as often as every few minutes. The term " Strombolian " has been used indiscriminately to describe a wide variety of volcanic eruptions, varying from small volcanic blasts to large eruptive columns. In reality, true Strombolian eruptions are characterized by	by	ADP	short	ADJ	 short
Melina was body painted by artist Mark Greenawalt for a modeling photo shoot in 2007 where she posed with her WWE Women's Championship belt. Perez began training at Jesse Hernandez's School of Hard Knocks in San Bernardino, California, and made her in ring debut in	in	ADP	April	PROPN	 April
Concussion may be under diagnosed because of the lack of the highly noticeable signs and symptoms while athletes may minimize their injuries to remain in the competition. A retrospective survey in 2005 suggested that more than 88% of concussions are unrecognized. Diagnosis can be complex because concussion	concussion	NOUN	shares	NOUN	 shares
Four trains per hour ran from Putney Bridge to Earl's Court, two continuing to High Street Kensington. From South Harrow there were two trains per hour to Mill Hill Park, and four trains per hour from Hounslow Barracks to Mill Hill Park, two of these	these	PRON	continuing	VERB	 continuing
While time flows automatically and a day cycle repeats about every ten minutes in real time, players can adjust the in game clock to the desired time at any point. Additionally, while the game is about exploration, many areas, called " Landmarks " aid in	in	ADP	traversing	VERB	 traversing
The game is divided into two types of sections: courtroom sessions, where the player cross examines witnesses and tries to uncover contradictions in their testimonies, and investigations, where the player gathers evidence and talks to witnesses. The game was directed and written by Shu Takumi	Takumi	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
He reminded me of a master who gets the whole school to and from a picnic without losing his reason or a boy. Of all the protagonists in that fiercest controversy [bodyline], I should say that he alone came out of it with reputation heightened and	and	CCONJ	personal	ADJ	 personal
Another grant of land was of land at Deverel, Wiltshire to Glastonbury Abbey while he was archbishop. Wulfhelm was buried at Canterbury. He was buried at first the church of St John the Baptist near the Saxon era Canterbury Cathedral. When a new cathedral was constructed	constructed	VERB	under	ADP	 under
They told Polygon that tablets were " inherently social ", " less alienating to new players ", and " possibly the best space for multiplayer play ". Super Evil Megacorp CEO Bo Daly said he saw PC MOBA games as solitary experiences and thought tablets could make	make	VERB	the	DET	 the
) Wells expanded on this by splitting up the phonological category into " systemic " differences (those of inventory) and " structural " differences (those of phonotactics). In addition, Both Wells and Weinreich mention realizational overlap, wherein the same phone (or a	a	DET	nearly	ADV	 nearly
The route intersects MD 911 (First Street) and the Wootton Parkway. MD 355 intersects MD 660 (Dodge Street), which is a short connector to MD 28 (Veirs Mill Road) that the route intersects a short distance later. Past this intersection,	,	PUNCT	MD	PROPN	 MD
The wooden hulled USS Galena's most novel feature was her armor of interlocking iron rails. The New Ironsides was much influenced by the French ironclad Gloire and was the most conservative design of the three, which copied many of the features of the French ship. The	The	DET	well	ADV	 well
Due to a requirement stipulated by the Bhutanese government that all foreign tourists, with the exception of Indian nationals, enter and leave Bhutan by air, the country's tourism industry was brought to a halt, which saw the airline paying hefty penalties to disgruntled tour operators	operators	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
When Gretzky was 14, his family arranged for him to move to and play hockey in Toronto, partly to further his career, and partly to remove him from the uncomfortable pressure he faced in his hometown. The Gretzkys had to legally challenge the Canadian Amateur Hockey	Hockey	PROPN	Association	PROPN	 Association
A marina was started in 1979 by dredging the upper harbour and laying pontoons. Light industry and car parks occupy the adjacent land. More pontoons were completed in 1991 and 1995. The Whitby Marina Facilities Centre was opened in June 2010. By an Act of 1837	1837	NUM	government	NOUN	 government
Scale models, computer generated imagery, and a reconstruction of the Titanic built at Playas de Rosarito in Baja California were used to re create the sinking. The film was partially funded by DreamWorks Pictures and 20th Century Fox. It was the most expensive film made at	at	ADP	that	DET	 that
From 8 December 1944 to 23 February 1945, the division was assigned to XIII Corps and held defensive positions along the Rur and prepared for the next major offensive. The division was reassigned to XIX Corps, and the attack jumped off across the Rur on 23 February	February	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
The Journal of Military History (October 2002). JSTOR 3093261. Neustadt, Richard E. (1954). " Congress and the Fair Deal: A Legislative Balance Sheet ". Public Policy (Boston) 5. reprinted in Hamby 1974, pp. 15 –	–	PUNCT	42	NUM	 42
For instance, the subjective point of view shot during the Empire exhibition speech used a close up of the microphone with a wider lens, similar to the filming technique used for one of the Duke's early consultations with a physician. In The New York Times,	,	PUNCT	Manohla	PROPN	 Manohla
Johnson spent most of the 1980s and 1990s as a keynote speaker, fundraiser and spending time on his hobbies; travelling, fishing, shooting and walking his dogs. Johnson appeared on the long – running British television show This Is Your Life on 8 May 1985,	,	PUNCT	the	DET	 the
The Government had decided that capital allowances would remain, though there would be some reforms, mostly affecting the leasing industry. Other main reforms enacted, include: Relief from tax on chargeable gains on disposals of substantial shareholdings in trading companies and groups (enacted by the	the	DET	Finance	PROPN	 Finance
Canada eventually lost in overtime, earning silver and ending their five year gold medal streak. At the conclusion of the tournament, Eberle finished tied for the tournament lead in goals with André Petersson of Sweden and was second in points to Derek Stepan of the United States	States	PROPN	.	PUNCT	.
Null has been the focus of controversy and a source of debate because of its associated three valued logic (3VL), special requirements for its use in SQL joins, and the special handling required by aggregate functions and SQL grouping operators. Computer science professor Ron van	van	PROPN	der	PROPN	 der
Fort Driant did not fall until after Patton had successfully taken Metz and the majority of forts around Driant. The Third Army's battle around Metz had cost an estimated 47,000 American casualties. This was reflected in the fact that, while in August the Third Army had	had	AUX	advanced	VERB	 advanced
Jo Caroll Dennison commented that he possessed " great inner strength ", and that his energy and drive was " enormous ". A workaholic, he reportedly only slept for four hours a night on average. Throughout his life, Sinatra had mood swings and bouts of	of	ADP	mild	ADJ	 mild
Large team sizes are an additional difficulty, due to the Olympics ' set limit of 10,500 athletes and coaches. American football also has the issue of global visibility. Nigel Melville, the CEO of USA Rugby, noted that " American football is recognized globally as a	a	DET	sport	NOUN	 sport
In a 2015 post on the website Reddit.com, Ming stated that this was not true and that he started playing basketball for fun at age 9. In 2009, Yao provided the voice for a character of a Chinese animated film The Magic Aster, released on June	June	PROPN	19	NUM	 19
Later in May he was replaced as lieutenant of Upper Normandy by John Talbot, Earl of Shrewsbury, and instead received a command between the Seine and Loire rivers. This effectively meant that the two shared the command of Normandy, with Talbot east of the Seine and	and	CCONJ	Arundel	PROPN	 Arundel
Although the proceeds did not cover the loan, Vanderbilt insisted the debt had been paid in full. Grant was left destitute. To restore his family's income, Grant wrote several articles on his Civil War campaigns for The Century Magazine at $500 each. The	The	DET	articles	NOUN	 articles
Since the gentle one, the wall of battle, was slain, Since the earth covered Aneirin, Poetry is now parted from the Gododdin. The second stanza praises an individual hero: In might a man, a youth in years, Of boisterous valour, Swift	Swift	PROPN	long	ADV	 long
Its population peaked at 8,615,245 in 1939 immediately before the outbreak of the Second World War, but had declined to 7,192,091 at the 2001 Census. However, the population then grew by just over a million between the 2001 and 2011 Censuses, to reach 8,173,941 in the	the	DET	latter	ADJ	 latter
For anti torpedo boat defence she carried twenty two 138 millimetre (5.4 in) Mle 1910 guns, which were mounted in casemates. Four 47 millimetre (1.9 in) Modèle 1902 Hotchkiss guns were fitted, two on each beam. She was also armed with four	four	NUM	450	NUM	 450
During his second visit to South Florida, Ponce de León was killed by the Calusa, and the tribe gained a reputation for violence, causing future explorers to avoid them. In the more than 200 years the Calusa had relations with the Spanish, they were able	able	ADJ	to	PART	 to
The Old National Building is located to the immediate south of Literary Hall across West Main Street. Literary Hall stands at an elevation of 820.3 feet (250.0 m) above sea level. The land upon which Literary Hall was established was originally part of the Northern Neck	Neck	PROPN	Proprietary	PROPN	 Proprietary
Along with Hillary Clinton, he was one of the few senators who attempted to pressure the Bush administration to clamp down on regulation of the chemical and nuclear power industries. His efforts helped make New Jersey one of the stricter states in the nation in terms of chemical	chemical	ADJ	plant	NOUN	 plant
During the redevelopment of the Lansdowne Road stadium in 2007 – 10, international rugby and soccer were played there. All GAA players, even at the highest level, are amateurs, receiving no wages, although they are permitted to receive a limited amount of sport related	related	VERB	income	NOUN	 income
Shocked by his words, the other sailors force Dick to listen to Sir Joseph's song before they exit, leaving Ralph alone on deck. Josephine now enters, and Ralph confesses his love in terms surprisingly eloquent for a " common sailor ". Josephine is touched	touched	VERB	,	PUNCT	,
Although no deep friendship developed with either poet, Tippett came to consider Eliot as his " spiritual father ". Ayerst also introduced him to a young artist, Wilfred Franks. By this time Tippett was coming to terms with his homosexuality, while not always at ease	ease	NOUN	with	ADP	 with
Titanic was only designed to float with any two compartments flooded, but it could remain afloat with certain combinations of three or even four compartments (the first four) open to the ocean. With five compartments, the tops of the bulkheads would be submerged and the	the	DET	ship	NOUN	 ship
It was subsequently produced by Seattle Repertory Theatre. In 2012, a revised / reworked version was produced at Arizona Theatre Company and Grand Theatre in London, Ontario, Canada. Gatz by Elevator Repair Service earned the # 1 in the best in 2010 NYC theatre from	from	ADP	The	DET	 The
His position as drummer was filled by Marc Bell, who had been a member of the early 1970s hard rock band Dust, Wayne County and the Backstreet Boys, and the pioneering punk group Richard Hell & the Voidoids. Bell became Marky Ramone. Later that year	year	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
The Avengers become divided, both over how to approach Loki and the revelation that S.H.I.E.L.D. plans to harness the Tesseract to develop weapons as a deterrent against hostile extraterrestrials. As the group argues, Barton and Loki's other possessed agents attack the Helicarrier, disabling its engines	engines	NOUN	in	ADP	 in
The Oscorp Industries website contained puzzles that revealed two in game documents, two video updates featuring Connors and a following cipher that as of July 2012 had yet to be cracked. From there images were then unscrambled, revealing a research project with spiders, a letter from	from	ADP	Mary	PROPN	 Mary
Training partner and friend Wallace Spearmon took first place with 19.91 s — his time and Gay's 19.93 s were the second and third fastest 200 m times in the world that year. The pair teamed up for the 4 x 100 m relay, along with Michael	Michael	PROPN	Grant	PROPN	 Grant
After passing about 50 km (30 mi) north of Juan de Nova island, Ionia progressed southeastward and approached the western Madagascar coastline. The circulation paralleled the coast for about 250 km (160 mi) before moving ashore at Belo on March 4. The storm	storm	NOUN	weakened	VERB	 weakened
In quantitative research, statistics are used to draw inferences from this sample regarding the population as a whole. The process of selecting a sample is referred to as ' sampling '. While it is usually best to sample randomly, concern with differences between specific subpopulations sometimes	sometimes	ADV	calls	VERB	 calls
The Khe Sanh actions would draw North Vietnamese forces away from the offensive into the cities, but Giáp considered them necessary in order to protect his supply lines and divert American attention. Attacks on other U.S. forces were of secondary, or even tertiary importance, since Giáp	Giáp	PROPN	considered	VERB	 considered
Several frames of character sprite animations were removed to reduce the amount of RAM usage. Most notably, the tag team combat was omitted. Instead of being able to switch between characters at will, the second character only comes into play during certain attacks, such as	as	ADP	Variable	PROPN	 Variable
Carboxysomes are bacterial microcompartments that contain enzymes involved in carbon fixation. Magnetosomes are bacterial microcompartments, present in magnetotactic bacteria, that contain magnetic crystals. In most bacteria, a cell wall is present on the outside of the cell membrane. The cell membrane and cell wall	wall	NOUN	comprise	VERB	 comprise
Here Edward was forced to accept severe limitations to his financial and administrative freedom, in return for a grant of taxation. Yet in October the same year, the king repudiated this statute and Archbishop Stratford was politically ostracised. The extraordinary circumstances of the April parliament had	had	AUX	forced	VERB	 forced
On August 18, 2009, the episode was released as part of a DVD set called The Simpsons: The Complete Twelfth Season. Mike Scully, Ian Maxtone Graham, Matt Selman, Tim Long, Yeardley Smith, Mark Kirkland and Michael Marcantel participated in the audio	audio	ADJ	commentary	NOUN	 commentary
Field assumed command of " Milne Force ", a task force which exercised operational control over all Allied air, land and naval forces in the area, but only when an attack was imminent. He reported directly to Blamey's Allied Land Forces in Brisbane rather than	than	ADP	New	PROPN	 New
The non supercharged 2.4 L Cobalt SS also lost its Super Sport designation for the 2008 model year and was renamed " Sport ". However, in fall 2007, a more powerful Cobalt SS was announced for the second quarter of 2008. The car would be equipped	equipped	VERB	with	ADP	 with
This caused downtown to decline. Developers constructed new residential subdivisions both within and outside the town boundaries to the east for access to I 81. The town surveyed its older buildings to establish architectural significance and to determine those that contributed to the town's historic center.	.	PUNCT	The	DET	 The
" In the song, he states that he would " open every cell in Attica / send them to Africa ". The latter is an account on the impact of drugs in Nas's neighborhood. The song contains smooth bass lines and frail drums, and it	it	PRON	features	VERB	 features
The form of the poem is that of progression by association, so that the movement of feeling is at the mercy of words evoked by chance, such words as fade and forlorn, the very words that, like a bell, toll the dreamer back to his	his	PRON	sole	ADJ	 sole
The next day, a submarine sighted an Italian fleet 500 miles (800 km) away; the Allied fleet altered course to intercept. The two fleets sighted each other at 15.00 on 9 July 1940, and a battle that became known as the Battle of Calabria	Calabria	PROPN	began	VERB	 began
Most of the scenes involving cruelty toward animals were simulated. For example, during the Tatar raid of Vladimir a cow is set on fire. In reality the cow had an asbestos covered coat and was not physically harmed; however, one scene depicts the real death	death	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
South east Dorset, including the lower Frome valley and around Poole and Bournemouth, comprises younger Eocene deposits, mainly sands and clays of poor agricultural quality. The soils created from these deposits support a heathland habitat which sustains all six native British reptile species. Most of	of	ADP	the	DET	 the
The British definitively gained control of Canada with the surrender of Montreal in 1760. The fort, which had always been called Ticonderoga by the British (after the place where the fort is located), was held by them through the end of the French and Indian	Indian	PROPN	War	PROPN	 War
His innovations included bringing in more modern tunes, encouraging congregational singing, and accompanying the services with a guitar, rather than the organ. By 2006, Friday night services included a " spirit " service, at which a house band played. During Danziger's tenure	tenure	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
The helmet's creation can be dated to the late 2nd or early 3rd century from the use of a particular type of decorated rivet as well as some of its design features, such as its pierced eyes. There has been much debate about the symbolic meaning of	of	ADP	the	DET	 the
Leibovitz said, " Nobody wanted [Ono] on the cover ". Lennon insisted that both he and his wife be on the cover, and after taking the pictures, Leibovitz left their apartment at 3: 30 p.m. After the photo shoot, Lennon gave what	what	PRON	would	AUX	 would
In 1856, Arthur courted Ellen Herndon, the daughter of William Lewis Herndon, a Virginia naval officer. The two were soon engaged to be married. Later that year, he started a new law partnership with a friend, Henry D. Gardiner, and traveled with	with	ADP	him	PRON	 him
From the time of Constantine on, Roman emperors appointed themselves as the protectors of Christians of Persia. This attitude created intense suspicions of the loyalties of Christians living in Sassanid Iran and often led to Roman – Persian tensions or even military confrontations. A characteristic of the	the	DET	final	ADJ	 final
" Cross Country Canada defines this para Nordic classification as " Impairment in the lower limbs and trunk with minimal trunk muscle activity in flexion and extension and no functional sitting balance. [The] athlete is unable to stand. " A skier in this class " will	will	AUX	have	VERB	 have
This company, under the joint leadership of Arnold and Allen, captured Fort Ticonderoga and Fort Crown Point. They also captured the one large military vessel on Lake Champlain in a raid on Fort Saint Jean. They recovered over 180 cannons, as well as other weaponry	weaponry	NOUN	and	CCONJ	 and
[...] ' Discipline ' evinces Reznor's desire for some sort of framework [...] In relative terms, ' I need your discipline / I need your help ' is sure a long way from the nearly 20 year old ' Head Like a Hole '	'	PUNCT	refrain	NOUN	 refrain
Drowned World Tour 2001 was captured with a 14 camera High Definition shoot. It is presented in an aspect ratio of 1.33: 1 on the single sided, double layered DVD; due to those dimensions, the image was not enhanced for 16: 9 televisions.	.	PUNCT	The	DET	 The
The NASA employees ask Barney to be an astronaut, and when Homer realizes what the proposal entails, he steps in and takes credit for the call. NASA takes both Homer and Barney to Cape Canaveral for training. As only one of them can go into space	space	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
Prior to the 1973 – 74 NHL season, Henderson spoke to John Bassett, owner of the World Hockey Association (WHA) ' s Toronto Toros. Bassett offered Henderson a five year contract worth twice his annual $75,000 salary from the Maple Leafs. The deal	deal	NOUN	included	VERB	 included
After the Washington Conference came the Quebec Conference in August 1943. Once again, Ismay attended along with Churchill. The Quebec Conference was the first time that the Allied leaders discussed the full details of Operation Overlord, so Ismay spent much of his time explaining details of	of	ADP	the	DET	 the
The original stadium was by the contemporary capital press described as having " international proportions ". The venue was planned built in several stages, and the plans called for a main football field with grass turf and a main athletics field. Additional plans called for an outdoor	outdoor	ADJ	swimming	NOUN	 swimming
As the character was never directly referred to by this name, its canonicity is unresolved. Featured in After the death of Judi Dench's M at the end of Skyfall, she is succeeded by Gareth Mallory, played by Ralph Fiennes. Mallory had been the Chairman	Chairman	PROPN	of	ADP	 of
The brand new light cruiser Arethusa had been crippled earlier in the battle and was under fire from the light cruisers Strassburg and Cöln when Beatty's battlecruisers loomed out of the mist at 12: 37 PM. Strassburg was able to duck into the mists and evade fire	fire	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
It includes the US number one single, " I'm Your Angel " (duet with R. Kelly) and the Golden Globe winning song, " The Prayer " (also featured in Quest for Camelot). The album has sold 5.4 million copies in the United	United	PROPN	States	PROPN	 States
He was appointed Minister of Internal Affairs and Justice. The same year he was made a Queen's Counsel and appointed OBE. Two years later, after retaining his seat in the 1948 election with a large majority, he was assigned two more portfolios, those of	of	ADP	Education	PROPN	 Education
Lucas said he originally wanted to use a full time digital Yoda, but the attempts did not work well enough. On the Blu ray release of The Phantom Menace, which was also used for the 3D reissue, a CG Yoda similar to the one from the	the	DET	other	ADJ	 other
Just as in nature, a cultivated plant's ' diet ' may include insects and other prey items, although this is not necessary for successful cultivation. Crickets are recommended for their size and low cost. These can be purchased online or at specialist pet stores.	.	PUNCT	They	PRON	 They
When the episode was originally broadcast in the United States on the WB network on February 27, 2001, it received a Nielsen rating of 3.5 and a share of 5, and was watched by 6 million viewers. The episode placed fifth in its timeslot, and	and	CCONJ	82nd	NOUN	 82nd
Dąbrowski always associated independent Poland with a Polish Army, and offered his services to the new power, which promised to organize such a formation: Russia. He was one of the generals entrusted by the tsar Alexander of Russia with the reorganization of the Duchy's army	army	NOUN	into	ADP	 into
Adair oversaw the abolition of the practice of incarceration for debt, and sanctioned rigorous anti gambling legislation. Legislators also exempted from forced sale the items then considered necessary for making a living — a horse, a plow, a hoe, and an ax. The Kentucky	Kentucky	PROPN	Court	PROPN	 Court
There were no fatalities amongst the 45 passengers and four crew but the aircraft was damaged beyond repair and written off. On 3 March 2016, Jet Airways Flight 354, a Boeing 737 900 (registered VT- JGD) flying on the New Delhi Mumbai route, had	had	VERB	a	DET	 a
As Zollinger climbed up, his feet sank several times through a thin surface crust into a warm layer of powder like sulphur. Some vegetation had reestablished itself and he saw a few trees on the lower slope. A Casuarina forest was noted at 2,200 – 2,550 m	m	NOUN	(	PUNCT	 (
Both parties agreed to seek the direct intervention of the British government, among which, the British Governor of the Straits Settlement, Colonel William Butterworth, and his successor, Edmund Blundell were roped in to act as meditators. The British favoured the prospect of the Temenggong	Temenggong	PROPN	in	ADP	 in
As the highway approaches the lake, it makes a curve to the north. There, it intersects with County Route 48 (Lake Road) and begins to follow the lake shore. The highway passes to the east of the Crown Point State Historic Site and its	its	PRON	campground	NOUN	 campground
Relations between NASA and North American deteriorated over assignment of blame. North American argued unsuccessfully it was not responsible for the fatal error in spacecraft atmosphere design. Finally, Webb contacted Atwood, and demanded either he or Chief Engineer Harrison A. Storms resign. Atwood elected to	to	ADP	fire	NOUN	 fire
At the opposite end of the parish is part of the 580 acre East Malling Research Station. This began in 1913 with 23 acres in response to a need among Kent farmers for assistance with their fruit growing activities. Since fruit was an important part of the Kent	Kent	PROPN	economy	NOUN	 economy
Bloomsbury invested £10 million in an attempt to keep the book's contents secure until 21 July, the release date. Arthur Levine, U.S. editor of the Harry Potter series, denied distributing any copies of Deathly Hallows in advance for press review, but two U.S.	U.S.	PROPN	papers	NOUN	 papers
In the fifteenth century university colleges had been founded at St John's College, St Andrews (1418) and St Salvator's College was added in 1450. Glasgow was founded in 1451 and King's College, Aberdeen in 1495. St Leonard's College was added	added	VERB	at	ADP	 at
Unlike the United States military, the ADF does not class cyberwarfare as being a separate sphere of warfare. The Australian military has been an all volunteer force since the abolition of conscription in 1972. Both women and men can enlist in the ADF, although there are	are	VERB	some	DET	 some
As the Soviets approached Berlin, Hitler's efforts to organize the defence of the city became ever more meaningless and futile. His last birthday, celebrated at the Führerbunker in Berlin on 20 April 1945, was the occasion for leave taking for many top Nazis, Göring	Göring	PROPN	included	VERB	 included
In 1813, Louis XVIII issued another declaration while at Hartwell. " The Declaration of Hartwell " was even more liberal than his " Declaration of 1805 ", asserting that all those who served Napoleon or the Republic would not suffer repercussions for their acts, and that	that	SCONJ	the	DET	 the
Highway 35 begins at a trumpet interchange with Highway 401, and is concurrent with Highway 115 for 18.9 km (11.7 mi) to Enterprise Hill. For the length of this concurrency, it is a divided four lane expressway with no left turns, known as right	right	ADV	in	ADP	 in
Opportunities for female employees of the Fair were limited, and she found the work unrewarding compared to her reporting days. Hickok primarily worked on promoting the fair to young people, including arranging class trips. Because Hickok rented both a country home and an apartment, she	she	PRON	often	ADV	 often
Tourette's was classified by the fourth version of the Diagnostic and Statistical Manual of Mental Disorders (DSM IV TR) as one of several tic disorders " usually first diagnosed in infancy, childhood, or adolescence " according to type (motor or phonic tics) and	and	CCONJ	duration	NOUN	 duration
Its final version was released on February 9, 2015, with " Hold Tight " and " Joan of Arc ", on the iTunes store. A trap influenced EDM song, " Iconic " features in its instrumentation " ice cold " synths, marching drums and	and	CCONJ	"	PUNCT	 "
WGBH had never made a theatrical film before, but " decided to try its luck on the big screen ". Sony Pictures Classics saw a cut of the adaptation and requested permission to show it in American cinemas, releasing it on 27 September 1995. There,	,	PUNCT	it	PRON	 it
It's right there in the title, so you'd think they'd realize what they lost when they killed him off in Saw III. But it's been downhill ever since, and we hit bottom today ". She admitted that the performances have become "	"	PUNCT	painfully	ADV	 painfully
U. inflata's ability to thrive in a variety of locations that it has been introduced to represents an ability to tolerate a much larger range of habitats than most carnivorous plant species. U. inflata is one of the many Utricularia species that is cultivated by carnivorous plant enthusiasts	enthusiasts	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
Izsha reunited with Kerrigan following the latter's de infestation and subsequent return to the Swarm. She served as an advisor, recalling memories from Kerrigan's time as the Queen of Blades, and helping her to reclaim the Swarm while remaining attached to her queen's leviathan	leviathan	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
During this time he was involved in a dispute in which Equity threatened to expel Laurence Olivier as a member due to comments he made in a newspaper feature about the possibility of forming a breakaway union. The union also suffered from financial problems, and Morell continued to	to	PART	warn	VERB	 warn
Tom Felton as Draco Malfoy, a Death Eater and son of Lucius and Narcissa Malfoy (Helen McCrory). Ralph Fiennes as Lord Voldemort, a twisted, evil, power hungry powerful wizard, and the founder and supreme leader of the Death Eaters. Michael Gambon	Gambon	PROPN	as	ADP	 as
The meeting paved the way for the ban on the NSDAP to be lifted on 16 February. Hitler was barred from public speaking by the Bavarian authorities, a ban that remained in place until 1927. To advance his political ambitions in spite of the ban, Hitler	Hitler	PROPN	appointed	VERB	 appointed
He also noted that Kills ' personality, although similar to that of Pink and Lady Gaga, was " enough [...] to keep your attention ". Writing in Idolator, Sam Lansky highlighted Bhasker's production, which he credited with making the album cohesive.	.	PUNCT	Lansky	PROPN	 Lansky
The reappearance of these vampires forces Marceline, Bubblegum, Finn, Jake, and Peppermint Butler (voiced by Steve Little) to stake them one by one, although the Vampire King is neutralized through a scientific process that removes the vampiric essence from his body. The	The	DET	gender	NOUN	 gender
Statutory emergency fire and rescue services are provided by the West Sussex Fire and Rescue Service which operates a fire station in the town centre. The South East Coast Ambulance Service is responsible for ambulance and paramedic services. Crawley Hospital in West Green is operated by West Sussex	Sussex	PROPN	Primary	PROPN	 Primary
Meanwhile, the Democrats settled on their nominee, Major General Winfield Scott Hancock of Pennsylvania, a career military officer. Hancock and the Democrats expected to carry the Solid South, while much of the North was considered safe territory for Garfield and the Republicans; most of	of	ADP	the	DET	 the
The knives Arthur throws were actually shot out of a nitrogen gun; James did throw them in a separate shot, but against a cloth that he still missed. Fake fruit was made for the stocks scene, but it was deemed too fake looking and was replaced	replaced	VERB	with	ADP	 with
Bart's best friend Milhouse Van Houten has a crush on her, but despite dropping unsubtle hints about his feelings, he has been unsuccessful in winning her affection. Lisa is the second most intellectual member of the Simpson family (IQ 156), and many episodes	episodes	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
It was adopted by the crew of Royal Australian Navy frigate HMAS Canberra as their ' anthem ' in 1993, playing it whenever they left port. Hoodoo Gurus played a concert, including " 1000 Miles Away ", on board HMAS Canberra during its last voyage prior	prior	ADV	to	ADP	 to
Sabina then followed her into the road and was hit by a Volkswagen Polo travelling at high speed; both survived. Ursula was immobilised as the lorry had crushed her legs. Sabina spent fifteen minutes unconscious. The pair were treated by paramedics; however both women resisted	resisted	VERB	medical	ADJ	 medical
St Hill possessed a presence which compelled attention when he was batting. James wrote: " Fires burned in St Hill and you could always see them glow. " When playing for Shannon, he insisted on the highest standards, and even though he was not captain	captain	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
Today, ancient Taoist thought incorporated into the ancient Chinese religion is one of five religions officially recognized in the People's Republic of China (PRC) as well as Taiwan, and although it does not travel readily from its East Asian roots, claims adherents in a	a	DET	number	NOUN	 number
" To promote Enema of the State, MCA Records released three singles in support: " What's My Age Again? ", " All the Small Things ", and " Adam's Song ". The singles were bigger than anyone in the band expected,	,	PUNCT	crossing	VERB	 crossing
The only such motherboard the ASTRA group could find at that time was the MSI K9A2 Platinum, which has four such slots. In 2009, the Asus P6T7 WS Supercomputer motherboard, which the Fastra II uses, was released, which has seven PCI Express x16 slots	slots	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
In the semi finals, Al Talaba met Al Zawra ' a for the third time in a row and won 3 – 1. In the final, they faced Al Quwa Al Jawiya for the second time and defeated them 2 – 1 at the Al Shaab Stadium	Stadium	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
A new command center was established at the city of Kratié and the timing of the move was propitious. President Nixon was of the opinion that: " We need a bold move in Cambodia to show that we stand with Lon Nol... something symbolic... for the	the	DET	only	ADJ	 only
When he died at the age of 78, the Daily Telegraph, Guardian and Times published his obituary, and the Museum of London added his pamphlets and placards to their collection. In 2006 his biography was included in the Oxford Dictionary of National Biography. Green was	was	AUX	born	VERB	 born
The couple had two children, but Fanny Workman was not a motherly type; they left their children in schools and with nurses, and Workman saw herself as a New Woman who could equal any man. The Workmans began their travels with bicycle tours of Switzerland,	,	PUNCT	France	PROPN	 France
Plans to develop new buildings and road links to the site were challenged by residents four years later; they believed it would lead to increased traffic and noise pollution in the area. In March 2006, The Daily Telegraph noted Arsenal's failure to develop young English players	players	NOUN	following	VERB	 following
Climate change has reduced the number and size of glaciers around the world. Many Yosemite glaciers, including Merced Glacier, which was discovered by John Muir in 1871 and bolstered his glacial origins theory of the Yosemite area, have disappeared and most of the others have lost	lost	VERB	up	ADP	 up
Two series were announced: StarCraft: Frontline, which is a series of short story anthologies that spanned four volumes, and StarCraft: Ghost Academy, which was written by Keith R.A. DeCandido and follows several characters, such as Nova, during their training as the psychic	psychic	ADJ	assassins	NOUN	 assassins
Following the war, he devoted more time to Republican politics and quickly rose in the political machine run by New York Senator Roscoe Conkling. Appointed by President Ulysses S. Grant to the lucrative and politically powerful post of Collector of the Port of New York in 1871,	,	PUNCT	Arthur	PROPN	 Arthur
" Team deathmatch " follows the same principle, albeit grouping the players into teams to do so. Capture the flag involves two teams of players attempting to retrieve a flag within the other team's base and returning it to their own to score. The Elite Force	Force	PROPN	expansion	NOUN	 expansion
Their debut album, Talk, followed in March 1981, which reached No. 44 on the Kent Music Report Albums Chart. Late in 1981 Paul Kelly and the Dots recorded their second album, Manila, in the Philippines ' capital. It was issued in August	August	PROPN	1982	NUM	 1982
Affeldt spent the entire 2007 season in the bullpen, where he was used as a lefty specialist. Affeldt had a 2.15 ERA through his first fifty – six games of the year. He did not give up a home run until Pete Laforest hit one off of	of	ADP	him	PRON	 him
Shiva learns that the potion which made his throat turn blue was actually undiluted Somras, which can be lethal when taken in its pure form. However, Shiva was unaffected, which was the first sign that he was the Neelkanth. He also learns that Somras was	was	AUX	the	DET	 the
October began with a 1 – 1 draw with Chelsea at Stamford Bridge, after which the team recorded four straight wins throughout the remainder of the month. Burnley achieved home and away victories against Bradford (Park Avenue), before repeating the feat in the next two	two	NUM	matches	NOUN	 matches
However, he criticises it for its episodic content being a " tease ". In relation to the story and writing, critics felt that the overall plot was ineffectual. Al Giovetti of JustAdventure felt the plot was lacking, while Burke considered the episodic nature to be	be	AUX	detrimental	ADJ	 detrimental
Humphrey Carpenter's sprawling narrative, a " complete life ", built on what Stock began; unlike Stock, Carpenter had the benefit of working without intervention from Pound's relatives. In 2007 David Moody published the first of his multi volume biography, combining narrative with	with	ADP	literary	ADJ	 literary
In 1685 Louis revoked the Edict of Nantes, which had previously granted various rights to French Protestants; the subsequent royal crackdown was driven by the king's strongly anti Protestant views. The Bastille was used to investigate and break up Protestant networks by imprisoning and questioning the	the	DET	more	ADV	 more
Genevieve Koski of The A.V. Club commented that " 4 sees [Beyoncé] stretching out vocally, particularly on the heart rending ' I Care '. " Rich Juzwiak of The Village Voice commented that " I Care " is one of several four songs in which "	"	PUNCT	deceptive	ADJ	 deceptive
The emperor was engaged in a harsh campaign to assert his claim over lands contested by Wilhelm, Duke of Jülich Cleves Berg. Bucer was forced to return to Strasbourg shortly afterwards. When the anti reformist Cologne cathedral chapter and the University of Cologne appealed to both emperor	emperor	NOUN	and	CCONJ	 and
The 18th century Enlightenment values of reason and science coupled with new voyages to distant lands instigating another phase of encyclopaedic plant identification, nomenclature, description and illustration, " flower painting " possibly at its best in this period of history. Plant trophies from distant lands decorated	decorated	VERB	the	DET	 the
The local school where she studied in 1931 – 35 has a commemorative plate. In Arkhangelsk, regular shooting competitions were organized among members of the paramilitary DOSAAF sport organisation for the Roza Shanina Prize, while Novodvinsk organized an open shooting sports championship in her memory. The	The	DET	village	NOUN	 village
In addition to domestic surveillance, the 610 Office is allegedly involved in foreign intelligence. Hao Fengjun, the former 610 officer turned defector from Tianjin, testified that his job at the 610 Office involved collating and analyzing intelligence reports on overseas Falun Gong populations, including in	in	ADP	the	DET	 the
Home Secretary Kenneth Baker welcomed the Woolf Report and pledged to end " slopping out " by 1994, and also accepted Woolf's recommendations for more visits, home leave and telephone calls. In contrast to his proposed reforms, Baker also proposed the introduction of a new	new	ADJ	offence	NOUN	 offence
With many 9th century Tang era merchants avoiding the weight and bulk of so many copper coins in each transaction, this led them to using trading receipts from deposit shops where goods or money were left previously. Merchants would deposit copper currency into the stores of wealthy families	families	NOUN	and	CCONJ	 and
The coastal plain of the Atlantic seaboard gives way further inland to deciduous forests and the rolling hills of the Piedmont. The Appalachian Mountains divide the eastern seaboard from the Great Lakes and the grasslands of the Midwest. The Mississippi – Missouri River, the world's fourth	fourth	ADJ	longest	ADJ	 longest
Later another North Korean T 34 tank and supporting infantry pressed to within 10 metres (33 ft) of the B Company headquarters, before stopping and taking up a position between the ridges still unaware of the location of the Australians. An attempt by the Australian infantrymen	infantrymen	NOUN	to	PART	 to
Of the whole length from Egersund to Flekkefjord, there are 46 tunnels, totaling 8.8 km (5.5 mi). The most prominent was Ravnejuret Tunnel which is 1,174 m (3,852 ft) long. Just before Flekkefjord, a 71 metre (233 ft) bridge	bridge	NOUN	was	AUX	 was
Casualties were heavy throughout the squadron, Hannibal suffering more than 140 men killed and wounded and the rest made prisoner, Pompée more than 80 casualties and none of the other ships less than 30. The French had suffered higher casualties, with 161 killed, including Captains	Captains	PROPN	Moncousu	PROPN	 Moncousu
In another world, Willie attempts to help Homer, but is again struck in the back with an axe, this time by a James Earl Jones voiced Maggie. When Homer returns to the prehistoric times again, he furiously smashes everything in sight with a baseball bat	bat	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
According to the 11th century architectural treatise, Yingzao Fashi, the Great East Hall closely corresponds to a seventh rank building in a system of eight ranks. The high rank of the Great East Hall indicates that even in the Tang Dynasty it was an important building,	,	PUNCT	and	CCONJ	 and
Its skeleton suggests it was a deliberate climber that visited the ground to travel. The diet of Archaeoindris was mostly leaves, and its habitat — prior to human arrival — was a mix of woodlands, bushlands, and savanna, rich in lemur diversity. Today,	,	PUNCT	the	DET	 the
He returned from the DL on April 6, allowing four runs (three earned) in four plus innings and earning the loss as Detroit won 8 – 4. On May 15 against the Seattle Mariners, Hughes only lasted 2 ⁄ 3 of an inning after giving	giving	VERB	up	ADP	 up
Mizuta's favorite song from the soundtrack that he wrote is " Caius's Theme ", which he rewrote four times over the course of a month. Suzuki's favorite is " Historia Crux ", which he wrote as several tunes mixing into one as a metaphor	metaphor	NOUN	for	ADP	 for
In April, Murray parted acrimoniously from his coach Pato Alvarez, complaining about his negative attitude. Murray then reached the semifinals of the boys ' French Open where he lost in straight sets to Marin Čilić. Mark Petchey agreed to coach Murray for 4 weeks till the	the	DET	end	NOUN	 end
Changeling sits with other late period Eastwood films in which parenting — and, the search for family — is a theme. It makes literal the parental struggle to communicate with children. It can also be seen as a variation of the Eastwood " revenge movie " ethic	ethic	ADJ	;	PUNCT	;
During Darwin's lifetime, many geographical features were given his name. An expanse of water adjoining the Beagle Channel was named Darwin Sound by Robert FitzRoy after Darwin's prompt action, along with two or three of the men, saved them from being marooned on a	a	DET	nearby	ADJ	 nearby
There were no normal people in it. Everyone you met was a screwball and since that time I learned my lesson and don't intend ever again to make everybody crazy ". The director went on to work with RKO on three films over the next decade.	.	PUNCT	Long	ADV	 Long
Word of this change did not reach the Prime Minister. Whitlam announced the request for a half Senate election to his caucus, which approved it. After hearing from Whitlam, Kerr called Fraser. According to Fraser, Kerr asked him whether he, if commissioned Prime	Prime	PROPN	Minister	PROPN	 Minister
While the federal government declined to act, in 1913 the privy council found that the provincial legislature did not have the authority to confiscate money that had been raised from investors from outside of the province. In its objective of smoothing over Liberal divisions, Sifton's succession	succession	NOUN	was	AUX	 was
Free body diagrams can be used as a convenient way to keep track of forces acting on a system. Ideally, these diagrams are drawn with the angles and relative magnitudes of the force vectors preserved so that graphical vector addition can be done to determine the net force	force	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
Researcher Vincenzo Puppo, who, while agreeing that the clitoris is the center of female sexual pleasure and believing that there is no anatomical evidence of the vaginal orgasm, disagrees with O'Connell and other researchers ' terminological and anatomical descriptions of the clitoris (such as referring to	to	ADP	the	DET	 the
The history class is presided over by Kirana, a radical feminist lecturer who questions everything about Muslim society. Budur becomes close to Kirana who opens her eyes to the injustices that women face and how they can seek emancipation and liberation (the two have a brief affair	affair	NOUN	)	PUNCT	)
Shooting test, which requires specific scores dependent on the category of license applied for: For the B and C category license it is 25 m on rifle target (A4 sheet sized) with 4 out of 5 rounds hitting the target sheet shooting from a rifle (	(	PUNCT	2	NUM	2
He was not assisted in his musical development by Bud, his older and better known brother, but both played predominantly in the bebop style. After early work around Philadelphia and New York City, Richie Powell played in the bands of Paul Williams (1951 – 52	52	NUM	)	PUNCT	)
This system formed as a non tropical low within a pre existing area of heavy thunderstorms along a stationary front on September 19 off the coast of Brownsville, Texas. The low appeared to the northwest of Tropical Storm Henri in the Gulf of Mexico and to the east	east	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
This planet is currently the closest extrasolar planet to its star ever photographed: the observed separation is roughly the same as the distance between Saturn and the Sun. Beta Pictoris is a star in the southern constellation of Pictor, the Easel, and is located to the	the	DET	west	NOUN	 west
Just as a right hand does not fit easily into a left handed glove, a right handed phospholipid generally can not be used or made by enzymes adapted for the left handed form. This suggests that archaea use entirely different enzymes for synthesizing phospholipids than do bacteria and	and	CCONJ	eukaryotes	NOUN	 eukaryotes
... Moreover, Jaws whet corporate appetites for big profits quickly, which is to say, studios wanted every film to be Jaws. " Scholar Thomas Schatz writes that it " recalibrated the profit potential of the Hollywood hit, and redefined its status as a marketable commodity	commodity	NOUN	and	CCONJ	 and
Raynolds sited and oversaw the installation of dozens of lighthouses in the Great Lakes area, where he served as the superintending engineer from 1864 to 1870. Raynolds was promoted to permanent rank of lieutenant colonel in the Corps of Engineers on March 7, 1867. He then	then	ADV	supervised	VERB	 supervised
The game was shown on Fox Sports World in the United States. In Turkey, the match was broadcast on the public television channel TRT 1. Arsenal started the match through kick off Henry. There minutes into the match, captain Tony Adams attempted to clear the	the	DET	ball	NOUN	 ball
Singer Ajeesh also performed " Yen Iniya Pon Nilavae " live, at the Puthuyugam TV music show " Yugam Unplugged " in March 2014. Tracklist Moodu Pani was released on 6 November 1980 and was commercially successful, running for 250 days in theatres. The film received	received	VERB	critical	ADJ	 critical
As evidence, he cited the inexplicability of alterations to the theorized roots of both names (represented in the addition of -d- to tamar and -ra- to palame). According to this theory, " Tadmor " derives from the Hurrian word tad (" to love "	"	PUNCT	)	PUNCT	)
However, brick and concrete structured dwellings received little damage. A number of three story business buildings collapsed during the storm. Almost all roads were left impassable, while communications were nearly wiped out. Overall, 27 deaths occurred in Okeechobee County. Along the southwestern shore	shore	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
The highest wind gust was 89 mph (143 km / h), reported in Chincoteague, Virginia. The cost of the lost beach near Ocean City, Maryland was estimated at over $10 million (1992 USD). In the city, the storm destroyed	destroyed	VERB	the	DET	 the
He taught there as a professor of psychology until he retired in 1979, and was Emeritus until 1996. Asch also had visiting posts at Harvard and MIT. Asch was interested in how humans form impressions of other human beings. He was intrigued how we are able	able	ADJ	to	PART	 to
The Writers Guild of Canada has awarded its Canadian Screenwriting Awards to the writers of two episodes. In 2004, Aaron Martin, James Hurst and Shelley Scarrow won the " Best Youth Script Award " for " Pride ". The following year, the Scarrow penned episode	episode	NOUN	"	PUNCT	 "
" There have been many alternate versions of this event. One version, which was later portrayed in The Babe Ruth Story, claims that Ruth went to Sylvester's hospital bed and promised him in person that he would hit a home run for him. On October	October	PROPN	9	NUM	 9
According to the December 1904 issue of The Baptist Home Mission Monthly, the Baptist Little Cacapon Church contributed one dollar to the general fund of Capon Chapel, demonstrating that the Baptist community still continued to operate from or associate with the church in 1904. In addition to	to	ADP	the	DET	 the
In the case, Mr. Earl was arguing that because he and his wife, in the year 1901, had made a legally valid assignment agreement (for state law purposes) to have his then current and after acquired income (which was earned solely by him)	)	PUNCT	be	AUX	 be
Commentators expressed concern about the country's increasing surveillance. In August 2004, the information commissioner, Richard Thomas, drawing a parallel with the way that governments in Eastern Europe and Spain gained too much power and information in the 20th century, expressed concern over this and	and	CCONJ	other	ADJ	 other
Based on this, a Tropical Cyclone Formation Alert was issued by the JTWC at 0600 UTC. The first warning was issued a day later when the amount of deep convection near the centre increased as the depression neared the Philippines. While over the Philippine islands, a	a	DET	large	ADJ	 large
" He then proposed a plan to tackle crime that included wiretapping, legislation to reverse previous Supreme Court decisions, and the formation of a congressional committee targeting crime and reforms to the criminal justice system. He did not connect crime to racial rioting, drawing praise from	from	ADP	Civil	ADJ	 Civil
Tourists can take a walking tour of downtown and locate 17 mermaids while others can be found further afield. Norfolk is an independent city with services that both counties and cities in Virginia provide, such as a sheriff, social services, and a court system. Norfolk	Norfolk	PROPN	operates	VERB	 operates
He became part of its Syrian regional branch, and actively participated in party strikes, marches and parades. Atrash wrote regularly for the party newspaper al Ba ' ath. He was the only prominent Druze member in the Ba ' ath Party who hailed from a major	major	ADJ	clan	NOUN	 clan
Early molybdenum steel alloys showed great promise of increased hardness, but efforts to manufacture the alloys on a large scale were hampered with inconsistent results, a tendency toward brittleness, and recrystallization. In 1906, William D. Coolidge filed a patent for rendering molybdenum ductile, leading	leading	VERB	to	ADP	 to
In November 2011, music blog This Must Be Pop predicted the song as a post Christmas UK hit. John Watson, who co manages Gotye with Danny Rogers, said of the single's success: " We've never seen any song make a deeper or more	more	ADJ	immediate	ADJ	 immediate
They chose Gillings as the editor, and his fanzine, which had been retitled Science Fantasy Review in 1949, was incorporated in the new magazine as a department. The first issue was dated Summer 1950, but printing disputes meant that the second issue was delayed until	until	ADP	winter	NOUN	 winter
The governor claimed that the castle also lacked a suitable water supply and accommodation for soldiers, and thus was unable to resist prolonged sieges. Unlike his predecessor Urtarte, who requested financing to supply and improve San Antonio, Angulo y Sandoval decided to build a new castle	castle	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
This sacrament, known as Anointing of the Sick, is believed to give comfort, peace, courage and, if the sick person is unable to make a confession, even forgiveness of sins. The sacrament is also referred to as Unction, and in the past	past	NOUN	as	ADP	 as
The major US contribution came from the work of Henry Nehrling and Theodore Mead, whose hybrids crossed with Dutch stock have produced some modern hybrids, although not matching the European strains. In 1946, two Dutch growers moved to South Africa and began cultivation there. Although	Although	SCONJ	most	ADJ	 most
From 1943 to 1951 Robinson went on a 91 fight unbeaten streak, the third longest in professional boxing history. Robinson held the world welterweight title from 1946 to 1951, and won the world middleweight title in the latter year. He retired in 1952, only to	to	PART	come	VERB	 come
The film closes with their wedding. Hadas Yaron as Shira Mendelman Chaim Sharir as Aharon Mendelman Ido Samuel as Yossi Mendelman Irit Sheleg as Rivka Mendelman Yiftach Klein as Yochay Goldberg Hila Feldman as Freida Razia Israeli as Aunt Hanna Renana Raz as Esther Goldberg Yael Tal as Shiffi	Shiffi	PROPN	Michael	PROPN	 Michael
" That Billie does not survive the ordeal, however, can be seen as an antithesis to Darwinism in that the only person to not survive was in fact the strongest physically. " The Open Boat " directly references Lady Caroline Norton's 1883 poem " Bingen on	on	ADP	the	DET	 the
She writes that the leading proponents of intelligent design are closely allied with the ultra conservative Christian Reconstructionism movement. She lists connections of (current and former) Discovery Institute Fellows Phillip E. Johnson, Charles B. Thaxton, Michael Behe, Richard Weikart, Jonathan Wells and Francis	Francis	PROPN	J.	PROPN	 J.
Later in the decade this style, which contained a mix of grunge, punk, metal, rap and turntable scratching, spawned a wave of successful bands like Linkin Park, P.O.D. and Staind, who were often classified as rap metal or nu metal, the first	first	ADJ	of	ADP	 of
At about the same time Noether's father retired and her brother joined the German Army to serve in World War I. She returned to Erlangen for several weeks, mostly to care for her aging father. During her first years teaching at Göttingen she did not have an	an	DET	official	ADJ	 official
The game was released in North America and Europe on March 4, 2016; in Australia on March 5, 2016; and in Japan on March 10, 2016. Certain bundles of the game contain a Wolf Link Amiibo figurine, which unlocks a Wii U exclusive	exclusive	ADJ	dungeon	NOUN	 dungeon
Władysław's secretary, Zbigniew Oleśnicki, saved the king's life, gaining royal favor and becoming one of the most influential people in Poland. At that time the reorganized Lithuanians returned to the battle, attacking von Jungingen from the rear. The Teutonic forces were by	by	ADP	then	ADV	 then
He was held in poor conditions for 54 days. Following the fall of Fort St. Jean, the British withdrew from Montreal, transporting prisoners on one of the many ships used in the evacuation. Most of this British fleet was captured by the Americans, who released	released	VERB	Hazen	PROPN	 Hazen
The chapel is considered by historian John Robinson to be " one of the supreme achievements of English Perpendicular Gothic " design. At the east end of St George's Chapel is the Lady Chapel, originally built by Henry III in the 13th century and converted into the	the	DET	Albert	PROPN	 Albert
Further complicating the situation, potholes in the Kuito airport strip slowed aid deliveries. Overall chaos reduced the amount of available oil to the point at which the UN had to import its jet fuel. Government troops captured and destroyed UNITA's Epongoloko base in Benguela province and	and	CCONJ	Mufumbo	PROPN	 Mufumbo
Her design was heavily modified by the Soviets and she was completed in 1932. During World War II she supported Soviet troops during the Siege of Odessa, Siege of Sevastopol, and the Kerch Feodosiya Operation in the winter of 1941 — 42. She was awarded the	the	DET	Guards	PROPN	 Guards
In 2011, non Hispanic whites were involved in 72.3 percent of all the births. Minnesota's growing minority groups, however, still form a smaller percentage of the population than in the nation as a whole. The principal ancestries of Minnesota's residents in 2010 were	were	AUX	surveyed	VERB	 surveyed
On 13 September she shelled Ottoman troops near the ruins of ancient Tripoli. The following month, the Ottomans agreed to surrender, ending the war. In September 1914, Etna was withdrawn from service as a training ship and used instead as a floating headquarters. Italy	Italy	PROPN	entered	VERB	 entered
Cymdeithas yr Iaith Gymraeg (The Welsh Language Society) was formed in 1962, in response to fears that the language might soon die out. Nationalist sentiment grew following the flooding of the Tryweryn valley in 1965 to create a reservoir supplying water to the English city of	of	ADP	Liverpool	PROPN	 Liverpool
Contador, meanwhile, described himself as " very happy with how I'm feeling ", though he described it as a " pity " that he had lost Paris – Nice by four seconds and the Volta a Catalunya by seven. He suggested that he could have	have	AUX	won	VERB	 won
Two 12 inch shells pierced her armoured deck and exploded in an ammunition room at 10: 35. This started a fire amidships that destroyed her two port 21 cm (8.3 in) turrets and the concussion damaged her engines so that her speed had dropped to 17	17	NUM	knots	NOUN	 knots
Set fifty years after Simon Belmont vanquished Dracula's curse, Harmony of Dissonance focuses on his grandson Juste Belmont and his quest to rescue a kidnapped childhood friend. Koji Igarashi produced Harmony of Dissonance with the intent of " creat [ing] a game that was similar	similar	ADJ	to	ADP	 to
The writers found that they had to adjust the characters they had written to suit the actors, and the discovery process of the characters occurred throughout the first season. Kauffman acknowledged that Joey's character became " this whole new being ", and that " it was	was	AUX	n't	PART	n't
Mongrels has attracted anger from production company Fit2Fill which claimed the BBC " ripped off " their 2001 Channel 4 sitcom Pets. Fit2Fill claimed they received 30 emails from people saying the series were similar, and they once pitched the idea of Pets to then BBC head of	of	ADP	comedy	NOUN	 comedy
According to Lewis and Kahn, Icke set about consolidating all conspiracy theories into one project with unlimited explanatory power. His books sold 140,000 copies between 1998 and 2011, at a value of over £2 million. Thirty thousand copies of The Biggest Secret (1999)	)	PUNCT	were	AUX	 were
The Times commented on the effectiveness of Mold: " Mold preserves all his pace and break in bowling, and his success on the hard wickets was phenomenal. " Although Mold appeared for the North against the Australians, who toured again in 1896, he did not	not	PART	play	VERB	 play
To ensure the snakes attack the passengers without being provoked, he has one of his henchmen disguised as an airport ground employee spray the passengers ' leis with a special pheromone which makes the snakes highly aggressive. The crate opens midway through the flight and the snakes make	make	VERB	their	PRON	 their
Shortz was the first guest star the producers of The Simpsons approached. Long later asked Reagle to make puzzles for the episode. Reagle recorded his lines in a studio near his home. Reagle told the Arizona Daily Wildcat that " for me, to be such a	a	DET	total	ADJ	 total
The presence of the nitrogen fixing bacteria and the annual accumulation of leaf litter from the trees also alters the nutrient status of the soil. It also increases the availability of phosphorus in the ground, and the tree's dense network of roots can cause increased sedimentation in	in	ADP	pools	NOUN	 pools
On June 8, 1893, LaBelle and French provided the county commissioners with a complete plan for the new courthouse. The architects designed a monumental stone courthouse in the Richardsonian Romanesque architectural style that was popular in the United States at that time. The four story building	building	NOUN	measured	VERB	 measured
" A documentary about the development of Mojang and Minecraft was released in December 2012. Titled Minecraft: The Story of Mojang, the film was produced by 2 Player Productions. The second episode of the seventeenth season of the animated television series South Park titled " Informative	Informative	ADJ	Murder	NOUN	 Murder
Of the original land, 230,000 acres (93,000 ha) of prime timberland remained under the tribe's control, while the remaining land was transferred to the Mahican and Lenape (the latter also known as the Delaware or Munsee) tribes. During this period, the	the	DET	Menominee	PROPN	 Menominee
A team of five people was formed on September 1998, including Matsuno and the principal persons in charge of graphics and decorations, to realize the game's setting. Development of the game began in January 1998, spanning two years with manpower that steadily increased from 20	20	NUM	to	ADP	 to
Both were released as singles, peaking at No. 1 and No. 3 respectively on country charts; both fared well on the Billboard Hot 100 reaching No. 7 and No. 9. The songs transformed Miller's career, although the former was penned by	by	ADP	Miller	PROPN	 Miller
In April 1903, Roosevelt and Burroughs explored Yellowstone National Park and its surrounding areas together. In late 1905, Roosevelt received a copy of Long's book Northern Trails from the publisher. Based upon the author's travels in Canada, most of the stories involved a	a	DET	noble	ADJ	 noble
IGN's Matt Risley rated " Dinosaurs on a Spaceship " 7 out of 10, noting that it " isn't going to win any awards for scriptwriting or pathos, but it certainly succeeded on a family friendly level full of whimsy ". Though he wrote that	that	SCONJ	Brian	PROPN	 Brian
" Furthermore, Aleksander Myshlayevsky published a " List of how many shots were fired from mortars and cannon at Viborg from 21 March to 9 April, and how many of them hit the city. " There, it claims that shelling began on 29 March, when	when	SCONJ	150	NUM	 150
A prime goal was the building of a reservoir — supplied from the river — on Armidale hill overlooking the town. To defray costs and gain council acceptance, a large part of the work was performed by volunteers. This scheme began supplying the town on 17 February	February	PROPN	1961	NUM	 1961
The creek's source is just under 1,840 feet (560 m) above sea level. There are 14 coal seams in the Solomon Creek watershed. The deepest seam is the Bottom Red Ash. Other seams included the Middle Red Ash, the Top Red Ash,	,	PUNCT	the	DET	 the
In another match, Triple H defeated Ric Flair in a Last Man Standing match. The event's card consisted of six professional wrestling involving wrestlers from either Raw or SmackDown, WWE's two brand divisions. The main leading rivalry leading into the event was between the	the	DET	Raw	PROPN	 Raw
Burger King accredited the reintroduction of the Big King as helping the company regain a limited domestic same store comparable sales rise of.1% in 2014 over a.9% loss the previous fiscal year. At the same time the company's total sales were up 2%, with	with	ADP	adjusted	VERB	 adjusted
Saumarez publicly represented the battle as a victory, declaring that he had " compleatly [sic] succeeded in disabling the Enemy's ships ", although in private he acknowledged the defeat. Historian Richard Gardiner commented that " The well trained and led French had fought hard	hard	ADV	and	CCONJ	 and
" He had " preset notions " about successful development because of the team's good experience with Mega Man 2 and found that his new superior " didn't really understand Mega Man the way his predecessor did ". During the game's production, the developers lost	lost	VERB	the	DET	 the
Its Digital Library section supports a database with more than 25,000 dissertations presented in the university, as well access to the largest electronic libraries of academic journals in the world. It also includes several historical libraries and media archives focused on specific authors and topics, such as	as	ADP	the	DET	 the
Warner Bros. Records hastily wanted to save the album from dropping off the charts, and decided to release " Hollywood ", believing the song to have commercial success potential. " Hollywood " was produced by Madonna, along with Ahmadzaï. The recording sessions for American Life	Life	PROPN	started	VERB	 started
After filing complaints, in collaboration with the Center for Women's Law Studies and Legal Services of Beijing University, the women received 170,000 Yuan in back wages and compensation. Relations between workers and employers represent both the immediate need of manufacturing plants for large quantities of low	low	ADJ	wage	NOUN	 wage
Perutz's work, inspired by Geoffrey Pyke and part of Project Habakkuk, was meant to test the viability of pykrete as a material to construct floating airstrips in the Atlantic to allow refuelling of cargo planes in support of Admiral the Earl Mountbatten's operations. The experiments	experiments	NOUN	were	AUX	 were
Mining land in various stages of reclamation also occurs to the south of the stream, on McCauley Mountain. Scotch Run flows over Leck Kill soil, a deep and well drained fine loamy soil for its entire length. However, the northern and southern edges of the	the	DET	watershed	NOUN	 watershed
Developed under the name " Project Mercury ", the Game Gear was first released in Japan on October 6, 1990, in North America and Europe in 1991, and in Australia in 1992. Originally retailing at JP ¥ 19,800 in Japan, US $149.99 in	in	ADP	North	PROPN	 North
More " militant " variants of Cornish nationalism however claim that because of historical constitutional peculiarities regarding the status of Cornwall, the law of the European Union does or should not have jurisdiction over Cornwall until Cornish sovereignty is recognised. Popularisation of Cornish nationalism is attributed to a	a	DET	Celtic	ADJ	 Celtic
No. 486 Squadron was disbanded in October 1998, having transferred its C 130 maintenance functions to Nos. 36 and 37 Squadrons. No. 37 Squadron began re equipping with new model C 130J Hercules in September 1999. Its aircraft formed part of a detachment of	of	ADP	C	PROPN	 C
This, however, was not able to cope with the shortage of small arms; 1.5 million infantry weapons were required to arm the new volksgrenadiers. Ammunition was in dire need, as well, and ultimately the rail system was forced to stop troop movements in favor	favor	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
Cox served as the Director of the National Tropical Botanical Garden (NTBG) for seven years, and as of 2011, he is the Executive Director of the Institute for Ethnomedicine, which is affiliated with the NTBG. His research interests include island plant ecology and ethnobotany	ethnobotany	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
When Noel subsequently took his turn to record his vocals for " Don't Look Back in Anger ", Liam went to a local pub and came back accompanied by a crowd of people, including music journalist John Robb who was producing the band Cable in nearby studio	studio	NOUN	Monnow	PROPN	 Monnow
Mary Shelley was born as Mary Wollstonecraft Godwin in Somers Town, London, in 1797. She was the second child of the feminist philosopher, educator, and writer Mary Wollstonecraft, and the first child of the philosopher, novelist, and journalist William Godwin. Wollstonecraft	Wollstonecraft	PROPN	died	VERB	 died
Gonzaga University and Law School were founded by the Italian born priest Joseph Cataldo and the Jesuits in 1887. Whitworth, founded in 1890, is affiliated with the Presbyterian Church, and had 2,500 students studying in 53 different undergraduate and degree programs as of 2011. While	While	SCONJ	Spokane	PROPN	 Spokane
If the Hipparcos estimate were accurate, some astronomers contend, then stars in the cluster would have to be fainter than Sun like stars — a notion that would challenge some of the fundamental precepts of stellar structure. Interferometric measurements taken in 2004 by the Hubble Telescope's	's	PART	Fine	PROPN	 Fine
" Leonard Maltin gave the film two and a half out of four stars, calling it " three quarters of a really good movie that doesn't know when to quit. " The Guardian's Andrew Pulver was less enthusiastic, calling the film a mix of "	"	PUNCT	wafer	VERB	 wafer
It is distinctively easier to get around using Armenian than Georgian in this region; indeed, foreign visitors claim that at first they had difficulties determining which country they are in. " Generally, Javakheti Armenians live in " reasonable inter ethnic harmony " within Georgia, although	although	SCONJ	there	PRON	 there
The ambience of the place presented it as place to relax and enjoy the scenic view of the environs. The inclined path around the monument was a walkway leading to the apartments of the Sultan. Two large openings in the living rooms of the floor were inferred as	as	ADP	leading	VERB	 leading
In 2011, 88% of Year 11 students achieved 5 A * - C passes, and 73% including English and Maths. In 2012 98% of students passed their A level exams with 10% reaching grade A and 67% at grade C. The school	school	NOUN	has	VERB	 has
Brian Posehn, Ashley Johnson, Scott Porter, Martha Plimpton, Dave Fennoy, Corey Feldman, Billy West and Paul Reubens portray the rest of the cast. In January 2016, Microsoft announced a new tool for education, called Minecraft: Education Edition or MinecraftEDU,	,	PUNCT	planned	VERB	 planned
The series ended on March 25, 2010 with a total of 201 episodes. In Japan, Aniplex distributes the anime in DVD format. A total of thirteen volumes were released for the first season, between July 26, 2006 and June 26, 2007. The	The	DET	second	ADJ	 second
Apte had tried making a film based on the story but was not successful. Sachin Khedekar had seen the play and came across the story again in 2007. He showed the story to Girish Joshi (screenplay writer of the film) who then developed a complete adapted	adapted	VERB	screenplay	NOUN	 screenplay
When President Kennedy first chartered the Moon landing program, a preliminary cost estimate of $7 billion was generated, but this proved an extremely unrealistic guess of what could not possibly be determined precisely, and James Webb used his judgment as administrator to change the estimate to	to	ADP	$	SYM	 $
Subsequently, they talked " to the directors and writers of the other Phase 3 movies on an almost weekly basis, to make sure everything lines up right. " In July 2015, Marvel Studios and Google began a viral marketing campaign to promote Ant Man, centering	centering	VERB	on	ADP	 on
Fort Risban, located on the coast on the Avenue Raymond Poincaré at the port entrance, was built by the English to prevent supplies reaching Calais by sea during the siege in November 1346 and continued to be occupied by them until 1558 when Calais was restored to France	France	PROPN	.	PUNCT	.
Band members Richard Wright and David Gilmour have each cited Wish You Were Here as their favourite Pink Floyd album. During 1974, Pink Floyd sketched out three new compositions, " Raving and Drooling ", " You Got ta Be Crazy " and " Shine On You	You	PRON	Crazy	PROPN	 Crazy
The same scenario was proposed for type II DCS recorded after sawtooth diving profiles or multiple repetitive dives. The arterial bubble assumption also provides an explanation for the criticality of the initial ascent phase. Bubbles associated with symptoms are not necessarily generated on site. There is a	a	DET	growth	NOUN	 growth
Arriving in London, Irving joined the staff of American Minister Louis McLane. McLane immediately assigned the daily secretary work to another man and tapped Irving to fill the role of aide de camp. The two worked over the next year to negotiate a trade agreement between the	the	DET	United	PROPN	 United
In order to compete on the coast the HBC had to take large, long term financial losses. The main advantage the HBC had over the Americans was that it could take such losses. As a vast corporation with a large amount of capital, the company was	was	AUX	able	ADJ	 able
At the centre of this suite is the Bow Room, through which thousands of guests pass annually to the Queen's Garden Parties in the Gardens. The Queen and Prince Philip use a smaller suite of rooms in the north wing. Between 1847 and 1850, when	when	SCONJ	Blore	PROPN	 Blore
Nearly detached from the Gulf of Mexico by barrier islands, San Antonio Bay does not support a large shipping industry. The only port of merit on the bay is Seadrift, where a shipping channel has been dredged to the Gulf Intracoastal Waterway. Most inhabitants near the	the	DET	bay	NOUN	 bay
" Anarchist scholar Vernon Richards speculates that were it not for the desire of Freedom editor Thomas Keell (himself staunchly anti war) to give the supporters of the war a fair hearing from the start, they might have found themselves politically isolated far earlier. Historian Paul	Paul	PROPN	Avrich	PROPN	 Avrich
Gikow stated that the episode they created was an example of the writers and producers ' skills as educators as well as entertainers. Before the episode aired, the CTW conducted a series of studies to guide the writers and producers in creating the episode. Their goal was	was	AUX	to	PART	 to
In the earliest section of the first Finnhorse studbook, 105 of the stallions listed were chestnut and only 8 were bay. There were stallions of other colours as well, but they were not included in the first book. At one point, chestnuts made up more	more	ADJ	than	ADP	 than
Other scientists caution that this new study has not been confirmed, and point out that Martian climate models have not yet shown that the planet was warm enough in the past to support bodies of liquid water. Mars has two permanent polar ice caps. During a pole	pole	NOUN	's	PART	's
Unlike the television series, it would not be produced by ABC Studios (known then as " Touchstone Television ") and would star non Screen Actors Guild members; however it would be produced under the oversight of Damon Lindelof and Carlton Cuse, like the television series	series	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
Then I would work back to the script and the story and make the movie. " The script was written by Frank Ray Perilli and Franne Schacht. Elements of the story were inspired by science fiction films, such as Star Wars (1977), and Close	Close	PROPN	Encounters	PROPN	 Encounters
20th century artists born or active in the region are Romolo Venucci, Jakov Smokvina, Vladimir Udatny, Antun Haller, Ivo Kalina, Vjekoslav Vojo Radoičić, and many others. Churches and monasteries in the region treasure a great number of works of art. These include	include	VERB	a	DET	 a
Webber remained in third, and Hamilton's retirement meant he slipped to fourth. In the World Constructors ' Championship Red Bull extended their lead to 65 points from McLaren, with Ferrari a further 85 points behind. At over four hours the race set the record as	as	ADP	the	DET	 the
He has taken part in a number of charity football matches, most notably captaining the winning Soccer Aid 2010 team at Wembley Stadium, as well as appearing in the 2012 and 2014 matches. He is a patron of the British Independent Film Awards, an ambassador for	for	ADP	the	DET	 the
Wright coins the term " progress trap " to describe the phenomenon of turning " cleverness into recklessness. " Comparisons have been made between this book and Jared Diamond's Collapse: How Societies Choose to Fail or Succeed which both cover similar subject matter with " a cautious	cautious	ADJ	problem	NOUN	 problem
Nydalen also serves as a bus hub. Storo opened as a tram station as part of the Grünerløkka – Torshov Line on 28 November 1902. It is located about 200 meters from Grefsen Station of the Gjøvik Line. The Norwegian National Rail Administration is planning to move	move	VERB	the	DET	 the
From the Jagdfliegerschule in Werneuchen, he detached two squadrons and placed them under the command of Jagdgruppe 20 based at Strausberg. At the end of October 1939, a change in command of I. Gruppe (1st group) of Jagdgeschwader 3 (JG 3 — 3rd Fighter	Fighter	PROPN	Wing	PROPN	 Wing
Shortly before Monteux took up the conductorship the autocratic founder and proprietor of the orchestra, Henry Lee Higginson, died. He had steadfastly resisted unionisation, and after his death a substantial minority of the players resumed the struggle for union recognition. More than thirty players,	,	PUNCT	including	VERB	 including
Beth attempts suicide by using a shard of broken mirror to cut her wrist, but Maggie and Lori manage to pry the bathroom door open in time to save Beth, who is bleeding profusely but relatively okay. Andrea returns to the house to check on Beth and	and	CCONJ	is	AUX	 is
The Rock endorsed Reigns ' eventual victory, but the crowd still booed both him and Reigns. The Rock appeared at WrestleMania 31 alongside Ronda Rousey, getting into an in ring altercation with Triple H and Stephanie McMahon (The Authority). Rock and Rousey prevailed after	after	SCONJ	he	PRON	 he
The battle clearly showed the difference between galleons and galleys, the transition in warfare, along with the introduction of much cheaper cast iron guns in the 1580s, proved the " death knell " for the war galley as a significant military vessel. Mansell was rewarded for	for	ADP	his	PRON	 his
He encourages her to go through clearing, and she gets a position doing a similar course at the University of Bolton. Jay decides to go with Abi, which Max at first is opposed to, but he comes around eventually. Ben returns from prison and reunites	reunites	NOUN	Jay	PROPN	 Jay
Jerzy Radziwiłowicz as Julien Müller. Anne Brochet as Madame X. Bettina Kee as Adrienne, the sister of Madame X. Olivier Cruveiller as Vincent Lehmann, L ' éditeur, Marie's old boss. Mathias Jung as Le concierge, the desk clerk at Marie's apartment.	.	PUNCT	Nicole	PROPN	 Nicole
She descenced into the aisle and took off the robe to reveal the bodysuit. After being lifted from the tank of water, Pink kept twirling and spreading water into all directions, before finally descending to the main stage. The audience greeted her with a standing ovation	ovation	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
On May 16, 1926, he replaced Bughouse Fables with Parlor, Bedroom & Sink Starring Bunky, a strip that was popular enough on its own to survive until 1948. According to later Barney Google and Snuffy Smith scripter Brian Walker, DeBeck had become " one	one	NUM	of	ADP	 of
Who's just a jerk, and a kind of a loud one. But a fun character. Nice. It was fun. Very, very enjoyable, just with Shia, Rosie a little bit, and with John Turturro. So, for me, it	it	PRON	was	AUX	 was
Martin and Hewlett have since spoken negatively of their experiences creating the film. Talalay blamed some of the film's negative reception on studio edits over which she had no control. Despite the negative critical reception and box office failure of the film, it has been cited	cited	VERB	as	ADP	 as
She considers classical music training as an asset in playback since it " keeps one's voice fit and fresh ". On 5 February 2015, Ghoshal married her childhood friend Shiladitya Mukhopadhyaya in a traditional Bengali ceremony. Music director Jeet Gannguli, singers Javed Ali, Palak	Palak	PROPN	Muchhal	PROPN	 Muchhal
For example, working with a United States based software engineer, RNC produced the T3 (Talking Tactile Tablet), a touch sensitive device for interpreting tactile images such as diagrams, charts and maps. The device is connected to a computer and run with a programme	programme	NOUN	CD	NOUN	 CD
In his third season with the Canadiens, Olmstead won the Stanley Cup for the first time. Earning 45 points in 69 games, he was named to the Second All Star Team. On the last game of the season, Olmstead bodychecked Gordie Howe, stopping him	him	PRON	from	ADP	 from
It was written by co executive producers Edward Kitsis and Adam Horowitz and directed by supervising producer Stephen Williams. The episode first aired on May 16, 2007, on ABC in the United States and on CTV in Canada. " Greatest Hits " was viewed by 12	12	NUM	million	NUM	 million
Humans exposed to as little as 0.01 mg / m3 or less in air exude a foul garlic like odor known as " tellurium breath. " This is caused from the tellurium being metabolized by the body, converting it from any oxidation state to dimethyl telluride, (	(	PUNCT	CH3	PROPN	CH3
Production on the second season of Enterprise began on June 24, 2002, on a location shoot for the second episode of the season, " Carbon Creek ". Once production on that episode was complete, the crew moved onto the second part of " Shockwave "	"	PUNCT	,	PUNCT	,
In 1915 Muñoz Rivera proposed granting Puerto Rico greater autonomy without requesting independence from the United States, and equal rights without becoming a state. His proposal was greeted by opposition from many members of his party including José de Diego. Still in the end, his party	party	NOUN	agreed	VERB	 agreed
He hoped to finish in the top five. Astana turned in their strongest team time trial performance in the Vuelta, finishing fourth of the 22 teams. Kiserlovski commented after the ride that the team was well pleased with fourth place and the small time gap to the	the	DET	stage	NOUN	 stage
Beharall's pre season preparations were ruined by an injury which made him miss the start of Carlisle's season, but the MRI scan revealed he had not suffered a tear to any of the major knee ligaments. When he returned from injury in October 2005, Beharall	Beharall	PROPN	played	VERB	 played
Heather Phares of Allmusic commented that Breakout's title expresses its " purpose nicely " though the music was not drastically different from Hannah Montana's, adding, " only a handful of songs truly break out from the Montana mold ". Though not being impressed by "	"	PUNCT	nothing	PRON	 nothing
Koubek also helped co design Metropolitan Square, a 12 story hotel and office building complex that occupies the entire block between F and G Streets NW and 14th and 15th Streets NW (due east across the street from the Treasury Building). In November 1977, developer	developer	NOUN	Oliver	PROPN	 Oliver
Von Kármán put Parsons in touch with Herbert T. Rosenfeld, President of the Southern Californian chapter of the American Technion Society — a Zionist group dedicated to supporting the newly created State of Israel. Rosenfeld offered Parsons a job with the Israeli rocket program and hired him to	to	PART	produce	VERB	 produce
American Gangster grossed over $266.5 million worldwide at the box office, with international grosses making up 51 percent ($136.3 million). It ranked as the 19th highest grossing film of 2007 both domestically and worldwide. American Gangster was released in DVD and HD DVD	DVD	NOUN	format	NOUN	 format
In response to the U.S. forces, the British sent a force of three warships and 1000 men. The British commander demanded that Pickett and his men leave. Pickett declined, and the British officer returned to his frigate, threatening to land his own men. Pickett	Pickett	PROPN	with	ADP	 with
Speaking upon the change in musical direction, Ewen clarified: " What I'm now doing now is really me, [sic] so if people don't like it I'm going to take it more personally. " " My Man " opens with electro and	and	CCONJ	bass	NOUN	 bass
The filmmakers went to the Drug Enforcement Administration (DEA) and U.S. Customs early on with the script and told them that they were trying to present as detailed and accurate a picture of the current drug war as possible. The DEA and Customs pointed out inaccuracies in	in	ADP	the	DET	 the
Only Karofsky refuses to participate, but when he sees the positive reaction the crowd has to the routine, he joins in himself. Beiste welcomes the football players back, and they go on to win the game by intimidating the opposing side, dressed as zombies from	from	ADP	the	DET	 the
" Hearst had never previously accepted roles where she was asked to play herself, stating that it was a " pathetic attempt to get attention " when other celebrities played themselves or characters similar to themselves. Hearst had heard of Veronica Mars and seen several episodes prior to	to	ADP	her	PRON	 her
However, such private schools were often necessary given the large populations and scale of some parishes. They were often tacitly accepted by the church and local authorities and may have been particularly important to girls and the children of the poor. Outside of the established burgh schools	schools	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
However, Croyle's high school career ended abruptly in the first game of his senior season against Glencoe High School after a hit by an opposing player tore Croyle's anterior cruciate ligament, causing him to miss the remainder of his final year. When he graduated,	,	PUNCT	he	PRON	 he
Priscus, however, also negotiated with and assisted Heraclius in the overthrow of Phocas, and was entrusted with command against the Persians in 611 – 612. After the failure of this campaign, he was dismissed and tonsured. He died shortly after. Priscus first appears	appears	VERB	in	ADP	 in
, was the son of Newark merchant and churchwarden. Ogden began to serve in northwestern New Jersey in 1770 and, in addition to Newton, covered an area of 2,000 square miles including St James Episcopal Church in Knowlton Township, New Jersey (founded in 1769)	)	PUNCT	.	PUNCT	.
When UB 5 joined the flotilla, Germany was in the midst of its first submarine offensive, begun in February. During this campaign, enemy vessels in the German defined war zone (German: Kriegsgebiet), which encompassed all waters around the United Kingdom (including	including	VERB	the	DET	 the
The stand runs along the Borough Road side of the pitch, and is a low rise seated stand with a capacity of 2,414. The Cowshed houses away fans at Prenton Park, and has a capacity of 2,500. It has a slanted seating arrangement, caused by	by	ADP	the	DET	 the
For instance, if a line consists of two identical wires that have a resistance of 25 mΩ / m each, the loop resistance is double that, 50 mΩ / m. Because the values of the constants are quite small, it is common for manufacturers to quote	quote	VERB	them	PRON	 them
In feral sheep, rams may fight during the rut to determine which individuals may mate with ewes. Rams, especially unfamiliar ones, will also fight outside the breeding period to establish dominance; rams can kill one another if allowed to mix freely. During the rut	rut	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
Eventually Ashley tells David that he wants to die, and David agrees to carry out the killing. The film premiered on 25 March 2010 at the London Lesbian and Gay Film Festival held in the BFI Southbank in central London. Reviews were mixed, but the film	film	NOUN	won	VERB	 won
Artists moved from department to department, such as Rodchenko from painting to metalworking. Gustav Klutsis, who was head of a workshop on colour theory, also moved from painting and sculptural works to exhibition stands and kiosks. El Lissitzky, who had trained as an architect	architect	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
Injury to the cervical trachea usually affects the anterior (front) part of the trachea. Certain medical procedures can also injure the airways; these include tracheal intubation, bronchoscopy, and tracheotomy. The back of the trachea may be damaged during tracheotomy. TBI resulting from	from	ADP	tracheal	NOUN	 tracheal
Víðarr does so, and then Loki toasts the Æsir before beginning his flyting. Víðarr is referenced in the Prose Edda books Gylfaginning and Skáldskaparmál: Víðarr is referenced in the book Gylfaginning in chapters 29, 51, and 53. In chapter 29, Víðarr is introduced	introduced	VERB	by	ADP	 by
An abridged version was presented Off Off Broadway in 1978 by Equity Library Theatre. In March 1994 a staged concert version was presented by New York City Center Encores!, with a cast that included Stephen Bogardus (Joseph Taylor, Jr.), Karen Ziemba and Jonathan	Jonathan	PROPN	Hadary	PROPN	 Hadary
Troubles emerged soon after Abu Bakr's succession, when several Arab tribes openly revolted against Abu Bakr, who declared war against the rebels. In what became known as the Ridda wars (Arabic for the Wars of Apostasy, 632 – 33), Abu Bakr managed	managed	VERB	to	PART	 to
The fossil genus Nycticeboides lacks the rounded lingual face of the protocone seen in? N. linglom and possesses additional cuspules. However,? N. linglom strongly resembles the Bengal slow loris (Nycticebus bengalensis), from which it is distinguished by its smaller size and fused roots	roots	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
Of the 56 persons aboard both coaches, 28 were killed, including both drivers. May 13, 1972: Near Bean Station, Tennessee, between Knoxville and Bristol, a Greyhound Scenicruiser on a scheduled trip from Memphis to New York City collided head on with a	a	DET	tractor	NOUN	 tractor
In February 2002 Fantastic Light was voted the Eclipse Award for American Champion Male Turf Horse in the Eclipse Awards, beating Val Royal and With Anticipation in the voting. Retired at the end of the 2001 racing season, Fantastic Light stood for the Darley Stud stud at	at	ADP	Dalham	PROPN	 Dalham
In addition to the main game itself, there is also a competitive battling mode accessible from the menu screen, where players can enter their currently developed team from their saved game files into an arena where they can battle increasingly difficult CPU controlled enemies or other players head	head	VERB	to	PART	 to
Interrogation and beatings resumed in the hospital; McCain gave the North Vietnamese his ship's name, squadron's name, and the attack's intended target. This information, along with personal details of McCain's life and purported statements by McCain about the war's progress	progress	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
The Chongzhen Emperor (r. 1627 – 44) had Wei dismissed from court, which led to Wei's suicide shortly after. During the last years of the Wanli era and those of his two successors, an economic crisis developed that was centered on a sudden widespread	widespread	ADJ	lack	NOUN	 lack
Cycling Weekly expected that the race would be dominated by " punchy all rounders ". The riders expected to perform strongly over the three days included Ben Swift (Team Sky), Moreno Hofland and Steven Kruijswijk (both LottoNL – Jumbo), Greg Van Avermaet (	(	PUNCT	BMC	PROPN	BMC
During the 1960s, it was converted into a freeway in stages. Afterwards, it was extended to end at M 85 (Fort Street) before a change in the 1980s gave the trunkline its present termini. M 39 begins at Lafayette Boulevard a block east of	of	ADP	its	PRON	 its
Nora was the fourteenth named tropical cyclone and seventh hurricane of the 1997 Pacific hurricane season. The September storm formed off the Pacific coast of Mexico, and aided by waters warmed by El Niño, eventually peaked at Category 4 intensity on the Saffir Simpson Hurricane Scale.	.	PUNCT	Nora	PROPN	 Nora
Glasgow emerged as the focus of the tobacco trade, re exporting particularly to France. The merchants dealing in this lucrative business became the wealthy tobacco lords, who dominated the city for most of the century. Other burghs also benefited. Greenock enlarged its port in 1710	1710	NUM	and	CCONJ	 and
Hassett and Australia were in difficulty in the Third Test at Old Trafford. Hassett made 38 as Australia scored 221 in reply to 363. In England's second innings, Hassett twice dropped Cyril Washbrook in the same position from the same shot. After the third day	day	NOUN	's	PART	's
In the second round, Wanderers and Oxford both scored six goals, defeating Southall and 105th Regiment respectively. In the third round, Wanderers beat Pilgrims 3 – 0 and Oxford again progressed without playing when their scheduled opponents, the leading Scottish club Queen's Park,	,	PUNCT	withdrew	VERB	 withdrew
Religious and cultural sentiments were cited as the reason. Microsoft stated, " Microsoft constantly endeavors to bring the best games to Indian consumers in sync with their international release. However, in light of cultural sensitivities in India, we have made the business decision to not	not	PART	bring	VERB	 bring
Two films featuring Olivier were released in 1960. The first — filmed in 1959 — was Spartacus, in which he portrayed the Roman general, Marcus Licinius Crassus. His second was The Entertainer, shot while he was appearing in Coriolanus; the film was well received	received	VERB	by	ADP	 by
The teams then move to a backstage area, and are permitted 10 minutes to study the Bible for information based on that category. In Season 2, while backstage, the teams also have the option to use the YouVersion App of the Bible on an electronic tablet	tablet	NOUN	along	ADP	 along
This applies particularly to acidic or nutrient poor soils. Other mycorrhizal associates include Leccinum scabrum and Cantharellus cibarius. It has been shown that, as well as mycorrhiza, the presence of microfauna in the soil assists the growth of the tree, as it enhances the mobilization	mobilization	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
Contemporary writers credited Bertram Bracken as director, as do some modern sources, including the American Film Institute. Others consider the film the directorial debut of J. Gordon Edwards. Both men subsequently had long careers directing for Fox Film. Balboa highlighted the film's production value	value	NOUN	and	CCONJ	 and
She was further dismayed when James refused to help when the Catholic King of France, Louis XIV, invaded Orange and persecuted Huguenot refugees there. In an attempt to damage William, James encouraged his daughter's staff to inform her that William was having an affair with	with	ADP	Elizabeth	PROPN	 Elizabeth
The album's third and final single was the jazz funk number " Evidence ", released on May 8, 1995. The band had made an appearance the previous month on the Australian variety show Hey Hey It's Saturday to perform the song, which eventually peaked	peaked	VERB	at	ADP	 at
The depression was the first tropical cyclone threat to south Florida since Hurricane Andrew nine months prior, although officials noted the depression's winds were no cause for concern. The precursor to the disturbance brought locally heavy rainfall to the Yucatán Peninsula, with a maximum of 7.09	7.09	NUM	inches	NOUN	 inches
Gautama reduces the curse on his " faithful wife " and she is redeemed when she joins the Gautami (Godavari) river as a stream. Indra is cursed to carry his shame in the form of a thousand vulvae on his body, but the vulvae turn into	into	ADP	eyes	NOUN	 eyes
Grim Fandango is an adventure game, in which the player controls Manuel " Manny " Calavera (calavera being Spanish for ' skull ') as he follows Mercedes " Meche " Colomar in the Underworld. The game uses the GrimE engine, pre rendering static backgrounds from	from	ADP	3D	ADJ	 3D
He became president of the Norwegian League of Nations Society, and although the Scandinavian nations with their traditions of neutrality initially held themselves aloof, his advocacy helped to ensure that Norway became a full member of the League in 1920, and he became one of its three	three	NUM	delegates	NOUN	 delegates
This task was essentially consistent with the line expected to be reached by the main thrust of the JNA advancing from eastern Slavonia in about a week. The linkup was designed to facilitate a further advance west to Zagreb and Varaždin. The JNA was stopped by the Croatian	Croatian	PROPN	National	PROPN	 National
Service 415 links the Cowhill and Nimble Nook areas of Chadderton with Middleton and Oldham, while services 81 and 81a operate through South Chadderton providing services to Manchester via Moston and to Oldham, Holts and Derker. Service 149 also links South Chadderton with Oldham and to Manchester	Manchester	PROPN	via	ADP	 via
The next month, he spoke in favor of a bill calling for an increase in the money supply by allowing the unlimited coinage of silver, but the bill was easily defeated. Weaver's oratorical skill drew praise, but he had no luck in advancing Greenback policy	policy	NOUN	ideas	NOUN	 ideas
Despite the injury, Bure was allowed to play the next night against the Sharks. He had to be helped off the ice after his first shift because he re injured his groin. As a result of the injury, Bure's production the following two months declined	declined	VERB	substantially	ADV	 substantially
This was to be used in larger aircraft such as the Avro Manchester. Although the Peregrine appeared to be a satisfactory design, it was never allowed to mature since Rolls Royce's priority was refining the Merlin. As a result, the Peregrine saw use in only	only	ADV	two	NUM	 two
Producer Kevin Feige first publicly mentioned Guardians of the Galaxy as a potential film in 2010 and Marvel Studios announced it was in active development at the San Diego Comic Con International in July 2012. Gunn was hired to write and direct the film that September. In February	February	PROPN	2013	NUM	 2013
" Konjam Neram " was shot in segments in Ephesus and Pamukkale. Shooting in Ephesus took six hours. The segment in Pamukkale was filmed in an amphitheatre in the ancient city of Hierapolis, which is located close to Pamukkale. The last segment was shot in the	the	DET	Cappadoccia	PROPN	 Cappadoccia
Micheľ's first UEFA Champions League matches came in the 1998 – 99 season, including Manchester United's 5 – 0 win over Brøndby in the group stage. Up to the 2008 final, he refereed 55 Champions League matches (including qualifying), notably the second	second	ADJ	leg	NOUN	 leg
Teller was one of the first prominent people to raise the danger of climate change, driven by the burning of fossil fuels. At an address to the membership of the American Chemical Society in December 1957, Teller warned that the large amount of carbon based fuel that	that	PRON	had	AUX	 had
How players perform in each mission is ranked at the conclusion of the level as a grade from " A " to " F ". This score is based on each player's accuracy with weapons, the number of kills they acquired and the amount damage they sustained	sustained	VERB	during	ADP	 during
Gertie the Dinosaur first appeared as part of McCay's vaudeville act in early 1914. It appeared in movie theaters in an edition with a live action prologue, distributed by William Fox's Box Office Attractions Company from December 28. Dinosaurs were still new to the public	public	ADJ	imagination	NOUN	 imagination
In October 2012, the music video for Coldplay's song " Hurts Like Heaven " was released. The video was based on the story of Mylo Xyloto, a boy who grew up in tyranny ran by Major Minus. The fictional comics entitled Mylo Xyloto continued on	on	ADP	the	DET	 the
The list was re opened between 1957 and 1961, when 44 applications were received, of which 15 were accepted. There were therefore 179 direct grant grammar schools, alongside over 1200 maintained grammar schools. Beside the Direct Grant Scheme, the Act also made provision for	for	ADP	LEAs	PROPN	 LEAs
Adrenarche is independent of ACTH or gonadotropins and correlates with a progressive thickening of the zona reticularis layer of the cortex. Functionally, adrenarche provides a source of androgens for the development of axillary and pubic hair before the beginning of puberty. The adrenal medulla is derived from	from	ADP	neural	ADJ	 neural
Records of flocks from further south near Mahabalipuram have been questioned. In the 1800s, adjutant storks were extremely common within the city of Calcutta during the summer and rainy season. These aggregations along the Ghats of Calcutta however declined and vanished altogether by the early 1900s.	.	PUNCT	Improved	ADJ	 Improved
Although he enjoyed college life, he did not find it easy: his Western clothing and accent made him stand out; he was not well prepared academically and was often sick. Hay gained a reputation as a star student, and became a part of Providence's	's	PART	literary	ADJ	 literary
When Comedy Central committed to sixteen new episodes, it was decided that four straight to DVD films — Bender's Big Score (2007), The Beast with a Billion Backs (2008), Bender's Game (2008) and Into the Wild Green Yonder (	(	PUNCT	2009	NUM	2009
Such effects are removed by homogenization from the raw climate record by comparing urban stations with surrounding stations. While the " heat island " warming is an important local effect, there is no evidence that it biases trends in the homogenized historical temperature record. For example,	,	PUNCT	urban	ADJ	 urban
Turkic soldiers were later promoted to higher ranks as commanders and generals. The surname of Li, belonging to the royal family of Li Shimin, was awarded to Han and non Han officers for their service. Tang relationship with the Turks may have further deepened had the	the	DET	crown	NOUN	 crown
76Ge is the least common with a natural abundance of approximately 7%. When bombarded with alpha particles, the isotope 72Ge will generate stable 77Se, releasing high energy electrons in the process. Because of this, it is used in combination with radon for nuclear batteries	batteries	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
Norris denied his guilt and swore that Queen Anne was innocent; one of the most damaging pieces of evidence against Norris was an overheard conversation with Anne at the end of April, where she accused him of coming often to her chambers not to pay court to her	her	PRON	lady	NOUN	 lady
Though the term derives from the humorous (or comic) work that predominated in early American newspaper comic strips, it has become standard also for non humorous works. It is common in English to refer to the comics of different cultures by the terms used in their	their	PRON	original	ADJ	 original
I 295 was built between the Big Timber Creek and Route 42 in 1958. In 1960, the section of the interstate between Route 42 and Warwick Road was finished. The highway was built between US 130 and Route 45 in 1960 and was extended east to the	the	DET	Big	PROPN	 Big
After this point, their mother suckles them with decreasing frequency; they are usually weaned by 16 weeks. In the fall, after their mother has shown them dens and feeding grounds, the juvenile group splits up. While many females will stay close to the home	home	NOUN	range	NOUN	 range
The resulting thirty seconds of footage took weeks to render; the department used every spare computer they could find to help in the processing chores. ILM's stage, optical, and matte departments collaborated to complete other shots for the dream sequence. The shot of a	a	DET	man	NOUN	 man
McCain got the Indian Economic Development Act of 1985 signed into law, and the following year worked on early attempts at legislation regarding Indian gaming. He took moderate stands on the environment and on social issues, and applauded Jack Kemp's concerns for African Americans and other	other	ADJ	underprivileged	ADJ	 underprivileged
The fastest time from either sessions counted towards their final grid position. Schumacher clinched his tenth career pole position, in his Benetton B195, with a time of 1: 38.023. He was joined on the front row by Alesi, who was eight tenths of a	a	DET	second	ADJ	 second
Caught up in the conflict were Caim and Angelus, a human and a dragon who had made a pact (a magical ritual that linked their souls), and fought to try to keep both the Seals and the Goddess safe. Though they ultimately failed, Angelus	Angelus	PROPN	became	VERB	 became
This total includes a full complement of 20 essential and nonessential amino acids. Analysis of the free amino acids (that is, those not bound up in protein) revealed glutamine and alanine to be the principal amino acids (each about 25% of total compounds)	)	PUNCT	;	PUNCT	;
The site is also the burial ground of many who died of cholera during the gold rush years. Chimney Rock (718 miles (1,156 km) west) — Chimney Rock is perhaps the most significant landmark on the Mormon Trail. Emigrants commented in their diaries that	that	SCONJ	the	DET	 the
Ultimately, 43 different organizations and people donated $29,000 (USD) to the Vietnam Red Cross. The country's Ministry of Labour, Invalids and Social Affairs presented an award to the Vietnam News Agency in June 2006 for its charitable donations, which included the distribution	distribution	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
On 13 September a token force including a troop from No. 4 Commando was dispatched to West Africa. The troop was based in Sierra Leone and Nigeria until returning to Britain in February 1942, after the cancellation of the operation. While this was happening a new	new	ADJ	second	NOUN	 second
Since 1966 the Games have been held each year on the Friday after Spring Bank Holiday. Events have included the tug of war, gymkhana, shin kicking, dwile flonking, motorcycle scrambling, judo, piano smashing, and morris dancing. The British Olympic Association has	has	AUX	recognised	VERB	 recognised
He has been characterized, according to historian Edward G. Lengel, in many different ways: " charismatic hero, master of guerrilla warfare, incompetent or infallible battlefield commander, strategic genius, nationalist visionary, fanatical micromanager, and lucky dog ". Although he has frequently	frequently	ADV	been	AUX	 been
The largest stunt sequence in the film was the tank chase, which took around six weeks to film, partly on location in St. Petersburg and partly at Leavesden. A Russian T 54 / 55 tank, on loan from the East England Military Museum, was modified	modified	VERB	with	ADP	 with
They travel to Germany to investigate the murder of a Dr. Schlossburg, whose lab is found to house a mummified body. The two are arrested by German police, but when the police realize they have apprehended fellow investigators they promise cooperation. However, the pair learn	learn	VERB	that	SCONJ	 that
Diệm's political career began in July 1954, when he was appointed the Prime Minister of the State of Vietnam by former Emperor Bảo Đại, who was Head of State. At the time, Vietnam had been partitioned at the Geneva Conference after the defeat of the	the	DET	French	PROPN	 French
The mansion's stone walls are 2 feet (0.6 m) thick; the individual building stones are " field sandstone about 17 inches square, of various thicknesses " (17 inches is 43 cm). There is a basement below the original house. The lower	lower	ADJ	part	NOUN	 part
By 1995, Metrovías took over the Subte under a $395 million plan. Discussions on the need to build an underground transportation system in Buenos Aires began in the late nineteenth century, alongside the tramway system, which was one of the most extensive in the world	world	NOUN	at	ADP	 at
Gopal says the woman is an impostor, but she and her uncle produce evidence which convinces even Gopal's police officer friend Kumar (O. A. K. Thevar). Gopal's engagement with Latha is cancelled. Chitra and Rangan become disruptive and Gopal gets frustrated, fearing	fearing	VERB	that	SCONJ	 that
Anglo American law generally requires a corporate body to seek official government sanction, usually in the form of a charter, in order to operate. Such chartered bodies normally authenticate their official acts by marking them with a distinctive seal. The seal's design is usually complicated	complicated	ADJ	to	PART	 to
" In March 2008, McCain credited the surge strategy with reducing violence in Iraq, as he made his eighth trip to that country since the war began. McCain formally announced his intention to run for President of the United States on April 25, 2007 in Portsmouth	Portsmouth	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
Meanwhile, pop singer songwriter Cher encounters her biggest fan: Jack (Sean Hayes); and Karen (Megan Mullally) frowns on Grace's new employee (Romanus) at the design firm. One of the aspects of the episode focused on Jack carrying a Cher	Cher	PROPN	doll	NOUN	 doll
After two appearances the evening of June 28, 1967, Mansfield, her lover Sam Brody, their driver Ronnie Harrison (age 20), and three of Mansfield's children – Miklós, Zoltán and Mariska – departed Biloxi after midnight in Stevens ' 1966 Buick Electra	Electra	PROPN	225	NUM	 225
The team finished with a record of 87 wins and 36 losses, but finished in second place behind the Chicago White Stockings by 2 1 ⁄ 2 games. During the off season, on November 11, 1886, The Executive Council of the Brotherhood of Professional Base	Base	PROPN	Ball	PROPN	 Ball
Np (V) is also readily absorbed by concrete, which because of the element's radioactivity is a consideration that must be addressed when building nuclear waste storage facilities. When absorbed in concrete, it is reduced to Np (IV) in a relatively short period	period	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
The film also began a revival of the historical epic genre with films such as Troy, The Alamo, King Arthur, Alexander, 300, Kingdom of Heaven and Robin Hood (the last two were also directed by Scott). The character of Maximus was placed	placed	VERB	12th	NOUN	 12th
Surtr is attested in the Poetic Edda, compiled in the 13th century from earlier traditional sources, and the Prose Edda, written in the 13th century by Snorri Sturluson. In both sources, Surtr is foretold as being a major figure during the events of Ragnarök;	;	PUNCT	carrying	VERB	 carrying
It was officially opened to the public as Deptford Park on 7 June 1897. In 1886 he dedicated an acre and a half of the Sayes Court recreation ground in perpetuity to the public and a permanent provision was made for the Evelyn estate to cover the expense of	of	ADP	maintenance	NOUN	 maintenance
The Democrats ' success continued down the ballot. They elected a county sheriff, William M. Lennox; clerk of courts, Joseph A. Scanlon; and recorder of deeds, Marshall L. Shepard. In the race for county commissioners, each party nominates two candidates and the	the	DET	top	ADJ	 top
Apart from telecom, BSNL also provides broadband internet service. There are two government hospitals, 34 private hospitals & clinics and numerous medical shops catering to the healthcare need of the town. The Raja Veda Padasala, established by Govinda Dikshitar during 1542 in Kumbakonam, teaches	teaches	VERB	Sanskrit	PROPN	 Sanskrit
After graduating from Oregon Normal School (now known as Western Oregon University) in 1932, she spent some time working as a teacher in a single room school located in Clarno, Oregon. She returned to Portland, married Lloyd Barker (who was also an instructor	instructor	NOUN	)	PUNCT	)
Crudup plays Osterman in flashbacks as a human and is replaced for his post accident scenes with a motion capture CG version of himself. During filming, Crudup acted opposite his co stars, wearing a white suit covered in blue LEDs, so he would give off an	an	DET	otherworldly	ADV	 otherworldly
The electors of Cardinal Rolando, immediately after proclaiming him Pope, attempted to place upon him the purple mantle which symbolized the assumption of the papal office, but then the election entered the tumultuous stage. Cardinal Ottaviano Monticelli snatched the mantle from Alexander ’ s back and	and	CCONJ	his	PRON	 his
It received a 3.9 / 7 rating / share in the key adults 18 – 49 demographic. The director's cut version of the episode attained 4.2 million viewers, and a 1.8 / 5 rating / share in the 18 – 49 demographic. The episode was the	the	DET	nineteenth	ADJ	 nineteenth
Ocean produced most of Channel Orange and was assisted by Malay, who also played guitar, bass, keyboards, and brass instruments. He described his own contributions as " behind the scenes " to Ocean's " diligent " work ethic. Ocean wanted to experiment sonically	sonically	ADV	and	CCONJ	 and
On 19 June 2013, Wizkid and his management were invited by men from the Nigerian Police Force for questioning. Duping charges were levelled against them by a group of Unilag students. The students claimed that Wizkid agreed to perform at the UNILAG Sports Centre on 21 May	May	PROPN	2013	NUM	 2013
Actor Tom Wright explained the episode's popularity saying it resounded with viewers because it had no outright moralizations or specific good and evil characters; the episode deals with a no win scenario. Writer Thomas Richards concurred with Wright in agreeing that the episode's frank depiction without	without	ADP	any	DET	 any
Salvatori became acquainted with O'Donnell in college; when O'Donnell was given a job offer to score a colleague's film, Salvatori and O'Donnell formed a partnership and eventually created their own production company, TotalAudio. Salvatori continued to manage TotalAudio and worked on his own music for	for	ADP	clients	NOUN	 clients
Yar's death in the episode was the result of Crosby asking to be released from her contract, although her last filmed episode was actually " Symbiosis " as it was filmed subsequent to " Skin of Evil ". The manner of her death was intended to be	be	AUX	typical	ADJ	 typical
As with electricity, the natural gas distribution network is also now all island, with a pipeline linking Gormanston, County Meath, and Ballyclare, County Antrim completed in 2007. Most of Ireland's gas comes through interconnectors between Twynholm in Scotland and Ballylumford, County Antrim	Antrim	PROPN	and	CCONJ	 and
Havelock continued to write about politics, however, and his political and academic work came together in his ideas about education; he argued for the necessity of an understanding of rhetoric for the resistance to corporate persuasiveness. At the same time that he was becoming increasingly vocal	vocal	ADJ	and	CCONJ	 and
EastEnders: E20 was conceived by executive producer Diederick Santer as part of EastEnders ' 25th anniversary celebrations. Described as the " naughty little brother or sister to the main show ", it was devised in a bid to target younger viewers and to develop and nurture new	new	ADJ	talent	NOUN	 talent
Foreign policy: Brown remained committed to the Iraq War, but said that he would " learn the lessons " from mistakes made in Iraq. He remained supportive of American policies but said that he wanted a " solid but not slavish " relationship with the US.	.	PUNCT	SOCPA	NOUN	 SOCPA
Disney chairman Jeffrey Katzenberg commissioned Beauty and the Beast as an animated musical with a strong heroine, and hired first time screenwriter Linda Woolverton to write it. Basing her on the heroine of Jeanne Marie Leprince de Beaumont's fairy tale " Beauty and the Beast ",	,	PUNCT	Woolverton	PROPN	 Woolverton
A shot of a military commander on horseback addressing his troops appears before the second chorus which again features a guitarist singing along as he walks down spiral stairs. After brief footage of a tank driving across a desert landscape a baby is shown playing with a paper aeroplane	aeroplane	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
Lashley was selected to compete against Vince's representative, Umaga, in Hair vs. Hair match, a match in which the loser or the loser's representative would have to get his head shaved bald. At WrestleMania, Lashley defeated Umaga, and after the match,	,	PUNCT	Trump	PROPN	 Trump
While this was going on, she was being flung between two male hoofers, proving, if nothing else, that pop stars who claim they can't dance and sing simultaneously just aren't trying ". Dixon has often cited Madonna as an influence, saying "	"	PUNCT	Madonna	PROPN	 Madonna
Aristagoras therefore openly declared his revolt against Darius, abdicated from his role as tyrant, and declared Miletus to be a democracy. Herodotus has no doubt that this was only a pretence on Aristagoras's part of giving up power. Rather it was designed to make the	the	DET	Milesians	PROPN	 Milesians
Consequently, the carts were poorly constructed of green wood, and the teams were driven by civilians who were at a higher risk of desertion. On June 13, 1777, Burgoyne and Carleton reviewed the assembled forces at St. John's on the Richelieu River, just	just	ADV	north	ADV	 north
The first body was found when several people on board a sailboat, crossing under the Sunshine Skyway, saw an object in the water. The second body was seen floating off the pier in St. Petersburg, two miles north from the first. While the Coast Guard	Guard	PROPN	went	VERB	 went
It had not fully filled with water when it sank and the increasing water pressure caused trapped air pockets to implode, tearing apart the hull. Data from a sonar map made during a 2010 expedition showed that the stern section rotated like a helicopter blade as it sank	sank	VERB	.	PUNCT	.
A large French assault at the end of November broke the allied lines, forcing a general retreat towards Genoa. Nelson's forces were able to cover the withdrawing army and prevent them from being surrounded, but he had too few ships and men to materially alter the	the	DET	strategic	ADJ	 strategic
Williams said she knew the rape scene in particular would be controversial, but she felt it was essential to the plot because it was a turning point that made Adrienne realize something was deeply wrong with Don. She felt the rest of the story " would make no	no	DET	sense	NOUN	 sense
In 2001, sociologist Dean Rojek estimated that detainees generally worked six days a week, " in total silence. " Much of the labor done by re education through labor detainees is geared towards agriculture or producing goods, many of which are sold internationally, since re	re	ADP	education	NOUN	 education
The First Test was played on Collins's home ground, the Sydney Cricket Ground and Collins had reason to feel at home, scoring 70 and 104. Collins was only the fifth Australian to make a century on Test début. Collins scored another century in the Third	Third	PROPN	Test	PROPN	 Test
" Jackson's brothers Jackie, Tito, Jermaine and Marlon (credited as The Jacksons) are featured as background vocals throughout the song. Background music includes fingersnaps, a " soaring chorus, " big build strings and " bubbly guitars. " The song is played	played	VERB	in	ADP	 in
Items that were produced by the company are known as " Duncan glass " or " Duncan Miller glass. " The company was founded in 1865 by George Duncan with his two sons and son in law in the South Side neighborhood of Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania. By 1890	1890	NUM	,	PUNCT	,
He states the ride is " too intense to take back to back trips. It rattles our nerves, in a good way. " Arthur Levine of About.com gave the ride 9 out of 10 stars. Levine describes the ride as " both terrifying and exhilarating "	"	PUNCT	and	CCONJ	 and
However, beginning in 2005 Square Enix produced a collection of media centered on the game and world of Final Fantasy VII entitled the Compilation of Final Fantasy VII. This collection has produced five additional soundtrack albums, each for a different game or animation. The soundtrack of	of	ADP	Final	PROPN	 Final
Hubworlds operate differently depending on the version of the game being played; the Xbox 360 and PlayStation 3 versions feature fully interactive, explorable 3D hubworlds, similar to those in Sonic 2006 and Sonic Adventure, in which townspeople may be interacted with and side quests may be	be	AUX	undertaken	VERB	 undertaken
On September 3, 2003, Take Two officially announced a release date of October 15, 2003 for the game. Originally modeled in Max Payne after the game's writer Sam Lake, Max's appearance was remodeled after professional actor Timothy Gibbs for Max Payne 2;	;	PUNCT	James	PROPN	 James
In " The Substitute ", Terri returns to take care of a sick Will. They have sex, but the next day when she sees Will's substitute, Holly Holliday (Gwyneth Paltrow) at his apartment having a beer with him, she becomes suspicious and	and	CCONJ	makes	VERB	 makes
C. pallidus can biodegrade the explosive compound RDX (hexahydro 1,3,5 trinitro 1,3,5 triazine), suggesting it might be used to decontaminate munitions contaminated soils. Cyathus olla has been investigated for its ability to accelerate the decomposition of stubble left in the field after harvest, effectively reducing	reducing	VERB	pathogen	NOUN	 pathogen
The article came to the attention of Charles Kuralt of the CBS TV program On the Road with Charles Kuralt. In 1976, the fire department moved to Fire Station # 6 with the bulb; the bulb's cord was severed for fear that unscrewing it could damage	damage	VERB	it	PRON	 it
There was also a notable group of war poets who wrote about their own experiences of war, which caught the public attention. Some died on active service, most famously Rupert Brooke, Isaac Rosenberg, and Wilfred Owen, while some, such as Siegfried Sassoon survived	survived	VERB	.	PUNCT	.
Alucard is also the protagonist of the DLC Revelations, taking place shortly prior to the events of the game. Alucard has received praise and criticism from several video game publications, primarily concentrating on his role in Symphony of the Night. GameSpot featured him in their article	article	NOUN	"	PUNCT	 "
These units had been disbanded soon after the war as part of the demobilisation of the Australian military; however, after observing the operations of the British Special Air Service during the Malayan Emergency in the 1950s the Australian Army decided to raise its own SAS unit. The	The	DET	1st	ADJ	 1st
According to New York, a new painting for the album, " The Priest ", was completed by Condo, who described it as an attempt to bring depictions of religious figures into the modern world. My Beautiful Dark Twisted Fantasy debuted at number one on the	the	DET	Billboard	PROPN	 Billboard
By February 1895, the courthouse contractor considered the courthouse finished. On February 27, 1895, county officials began moving into the new courthouse. Total cost for the new courthouse was $129,337. Most of that expense was paid to the contractor, Boseker and Son	Son	PROPN	.	PUNCT	.
He had been interested in the Ottawa job in 1991, but he chose not to wait for the Senators to make him an offer, and he joined the Sabres organization. In 2002 – 03, off ice problems dominated the headlines. The Senators filed for bankruptcy	bankruptcy	NOUN	on	ADP	 on
" Several neighborhood associations opposed rezoning the building, expressing concern that the new building would be used as a hotel. Sommer denied that there were plans to use the building as a hotel or an office building. Several covenants were proposed. One would require that the	the	DET	new	ADJ	 new
It also included reconstructions of some of the archaeological discoveries, including a number of Iron Age round houses and the world's oldest engineered highway, the Sweet Track. From time to time the centre offered courses in a number of ancient technologies in subjects including textiles,	,	PUNCT	clothing	NOUN	 clothing
In acute liver failure, it is unclear whether lactulose is beneficial. Furthermore, it may lead to bloating and as such interfere with a liver transplant procedure if required. The antibiotic rifaximin is typically recommended. It is a nonabsorbable antibiotic from the rifamycin class. This	This	PRON	is	AUX	 is
After its perihelion passage, it reappeared in the morning sky, and developed an extremely long tail. It extended about 45° across the sky on March 11 and was more than 2° wide; the tail was calculated to be more than 300 million kilometers (	(	PUNCT	2	NUM	2
The tributary Little Mahanoy Creek starts in Frackville and its watershed has an area of 11.6 square miles. No mining has been done in this watershed. There are large quantities of dissolved iron and aluminum in the waters of Mahanoy Creek. Additionally, there are trace amounts	amounts	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
She has been a finalist in the National Aboriginal & Torres Strait Islander Art Awards on at least four occasions, and in the Blake Prize (a religious art competition) at least three times. Her works are held by numerous galleries including the National Gallery of Australia	Australia	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
Usher goes and dances with her during the chorus. In the beginning of the second verse, the laser scene with Usher dancing now shows both blue and green lasers. Usher and the woman are still dancing, with the woman further attempting to seduce him. In	In	ADP	the	DET	 the
Several times the mysterious Boo makes gestures of affection to the children, but, to their disappointment, he never appears in person. Judge Taylor appoints Atticus to defend Tom Robinson, a black man who has been accused of raping a young white woman, Mayella Ewell	Ewell	PROPN	.	PUNCT	.
The globe, however, almost certainly spent many years in the Tower before its transfer to Petworth House, where Northumberland was confined upon his release in 1621. The Petworth House globe, now in the North Gallery, is the only Molyneux terrestrial globe preserved in its	its	PRON	original	ADJ	 original
Volleyball, athletics, table tennis and other sports were also popular. The club with most members was PKS Polonia Karwina, associating some 1,000 members. Its football branch was the best Polish football club of Zaolzie. After World War II many Polish sport clubs resumed slowly	slowly	ADV	their	PRON	 their
They had a beam of 22.4 m (73 ft) and a draft of 7.91 to 8.58 m (26.0 to 28.1 ft). They displaced 12,550 to 12,658 long tons (12,751 to 12,861 t) at normal loading and up to 13,771 to 13,914 long tons	tons	NOUN	(	PUNCT	 (
She derided the show's need to place The X Files logo in the teaser, but ultimately concluded that the episode was a " decent [one] to recap ". John Keegan from Critical Myth wrote that the episode " ranks right in the mediocre range "	"	PUNCT	and	CCONJ	 and
The day after the final Arsenal and Chelsea submitted claims for wrongful dismissal of Adebayor and Mikel, respectively, to The Football Association (FA). The FA denied both appeals and clarified their penalties. Eboué was charged with violent conduct for striking Bridge, whereas Adebayor	Adebayor	PROPN	was	AUX	 was
Mount Hood is Oregon's highest point and a prominent landmark visible up to 100 miles (160 km) away. It has convenient access and a minimum of technical climbing challenges. About 10,000 people attempt to climb Mount Hood each year. There are no trails to	to	ADP	the	DET	 the
When you're working with someone for the first time, there's a kind of shyness that everybody has, so with Benny it was more challenging because of that but we figured it out and by the end I felt like I knew him very well. A	A	DET	day	NOUN	 day
First touched upon by actress Mila Kunis at the 2009 Comic Con in San Diego, the episode was written by Alex Carter and Andrew Goldberg, and directed by former King of the Hill director Cyndi Tang Loveland, before the conclusion of the eighth production season, in	in	ADP	her	PRON	 her
Kiedis felt that as a musician, he was becoming somewhat lackluster. The short European leg ended in early November, and the U.S. portion was scheduled to begin 10 days later; however, it was postponed until early February. A few shows into the commencement of	of	ADP	the	DET	 the
The book was first published on 8 May 2007. The book is a biographical monologue by Lois Griffin discussing her memories of growing up and to her attempted run for mayor in the town of Quahog. Though the book primarily consists of a loose narrative monologue by Lois	Lois	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
Jo and Ellen team up with the Winchesters again in " Abandon All Hope... ", where they help the brothers reacquire the Colt — a mystical gun rumored to be capable of killing anything — in order to kill Lucifer. Upon tracking his location to an abandoned	abandoned	VERB	town	NOUN	 town
In the intervening years of 1975 – 2001, subtropical storms were either named from the traditional list and considered tropical in real time, or used a separate numbering system. Between 1992 and 2001, two different numbers were given to subtropical depressions or subtropical storms, one	one	NUM	for	ADP	 for
The victory against Charlton was to spark a 13 game unbeaten run for Westley's Stevenage, and a 6 – 1 away victory at Colchester United on Boxing Day 2011 meant the club were sat in sixth place, the final play off position. After managing Stevenage for	for	ADP	three	NUM	 three
In the 2013 – 14 season, Dover reached the play off final for the second successive season and defeated Ebbsfleet United to return to the Conference Premier after a twelve year absence. The team usually wear white shirts and are consequently nicknamed the Whites. They have played	played	VERB	at	ADP	 at
" ACT UP / DC asked Mason to resign his post if he failed to meet their demands to restore access to cannabis. Brownies were served at the protest in honor of Rathbun, who had been arrested the month before and was now facing felony possession charges for	for	ADP	distributing	VERB	 distributing
Replying to the inquiries, MacVeagh wrote that there would be no change in the diameter, thickness, or weight of the nickel. This satisfied most firms. However, Clarence Hobbs of the Hobbs Manufacturing Company, of Worcester, Massachusetts requested further information. According to	to	ADP	Hobbs	PROPN	 Hobbs
Despite this temporary halt in hostilities, Henry's seizure of the Vexin proved to be a second long running dispute between him and the kings of France. Henry controlled more of France than any ruler since the Carolingians; these lands, combined with his possessions in England	England	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
The " All Africa " record of man eating generally is considered to be not Tsavo, but incidents in the early 1930s through the late 1940s in what was then Tanganyika (now Tanzania). George Rushby, game warden and professional hunter, eventually dispatched the pride	pride	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
Combined with 36 assists, his 94 points came within two of Art Ross Trophy winner Jaromír Jágr as the league's leading point scorer. His 58 goals and 94 points both set franchise records. Bure helped Florida to a fifth place finish in the Eastern Conference to	to	PART	earn	VERB	 earn
Media in the Eastern Bloc was an organ of the state, completely reliant on and subservient to the communist party, with radio and television organizations being state owned, while print media was usually owned by political organizations, mostly by the local communist party. Soviet propaganda	propaganda	NOUN	used	VERB	 used
This was too large to fit in the Pupin Physics Laboratories. Fermi recalled that: We went to Dean Pegram, who was then the man who could carry out magic around the University, and we explained to him that we needed a big room. He scouted	scouted	VERB	around	ADP	 around
Tor's first three novels sold more than one million copies by April 2009. Overall, the Halo series has been very well received by critics. Halo: Combat Evolved has received numerous Game of the Year awards. In March 2007, IGN listed it as the	the	DET	top	ADJ	 top
During his presidency, Argentina aligned with the United States, and had special relations with the country. Menem had a positive relation with US president George H. W. Bush, and maintained it with his successor Bill Clinton. The country left the Non Aligned Movement, and	and	CCONJ	the	DET	 the
The player character automatically moves to the right of the screen through procedurally generated landscapes. The player taps the screen to jump and perform tricks, and works towards goals, competitive high scores, and upgrades. Snowman, a Toronto based, three person indie development team	team	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
After the loss in New Hampshire, Goldwater focused his efforts on California, remarking that it was " the only primary [he was] interested in. " He traveled to the state to vie for the endorsement of the 14,000 member California GOP at the party's	's	PART	annual	ADJ	 annual
Despite being designed to fire at trajectories with a steep angle of descent, howitzers can be fired directly, as was done by the 11th Marine Regiment at the Battle of Chosin Reservoir, during the Korean War. Two field batteries fired directly upon a battalion of Chinese	Chinese	ADJ	infantry	NOUN	 infantry
In mid September, the V Squadron was transferred to the Baltic, under the command of Prince Heinrich. He initially planned to launch a major amphibious assault against the Russians at Windau, but a shortage of transports forced a revision of the plan. Instead, the	the	DET	V	PROPN	 V
On 17 August, the French capitulated, and were permitted by the Emperor to leave the city with banners flying; their resistance for 41 days had broken the Imperial offensive. Some of Charles's advisers suggested withdrawing, but he was unwilling to lose face and continued	continued	VERB	to	PART	 to
He was also a member of Canada's gold medal winning team at the 2002 Winter Olympics. Joseph has the most career wins (454) of any goaltender in NHL history who never played on a Stanley Cup winning team, and also the first goaltender to have	have	VERB	30	NUM	 30
In 1758, Carl Linnaeus gave the great white shark its first scientific name, Squalus carcharias. Later, Sir Andrew Smith gave it Carcharodon as its generic name in 1833, and also in 1873. The generic name was identified with Linnaeus ' specific name and the	the	DET	current	ADJ	 current
Turkey hosts two of the Seven Wonders of the Ancient World: the Mausoleum in Halicarnassus and the Temple of Artemis in Ephesus. In 2013 there were 98 airports in Turkey, including 22 international airports. As of 2015, Istanbul Atatürk Airport is the 11th busiest airport	airport	NOUN	in	ADP	 in
In 1975, Dr. William H. Cade discovered that the parasitic tachinid fly Ormia ochracea is attracted to the song of the cricket, and uses it to locate the male to deposit her larvae on him. It was the first known example of a natural enemy that locates	locates	VERB	its	PRON	 its
Conyngham was laid down by the William Cramp and Sons of Philadelphia, in July 1914 and launched in July of the following year. The ship was a little more than 315 feet (96 m) in length, just over 30 feet (9.1 m) abeam	abeam	ADJ	,	PUNCT	,
Later on September 29, Norman degenerated into a remnant low pressure area. In anticipation of the storm, a tropical storm warning was issued for a portion of the Pacific coast of Mexico. Additionally, orange, yellow, green, and blue alerts were posted for	for	ADP	several	ADJ	 several
At this time, the China Meteorological Administration assessed Lucille to have been a stronger system, attaining typhoon status with two minute sustained winds estimated at 125 km / h (78 mph). Around 1700 UTC on May 31, the storm tracked approximately 65 km (	(	PUNCT	40	NUM	40
He was arrested after the Nazis came to power in 1933 and is believed to have been executed in April, but not buried until September that same year. Erhard Heiden was born on 23 February 1901 in Weiler Simmerberg, a mostly Catholic city in Bavaria. In	In	ADP	1917	NUM	 1917
In January 2007, M. L. Narasimham of The Hindu included Malliswari on a list of films that have had an impact on society and Telugu cinema along with Mala Pilla (1938), Raithu Bidda (1939), Vara Vikrayam (1939), Bhakta Potana (	(	PUNCT	1942	NUM	1942
The council was to meet at the Inn or at Ferguson's home right up until December 1869, when the first council chambers were built. However, it was still able to operate and fulfill its obligations under the Local Government Act 1852. These included the management	management	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
Moreover, many officers considered America's oil embargo an unspoken declaration of war. With the harsh oil sanctions imposed by the United States, the Japanese leadership was now even more determined to remain in China. Germany had refused to sell Japan the blueprints to make synthetic	synthetic	ADJ	oil	NOUN	 oil
This is perhaps most strongly manifested in his apparent ambivalence regarding the vow of celibacy required of Catholic priests. As Father John goes deeper into the red light district and the seedier aspects of Minneapolis, he appears to face temptations from the prostitution and overt sexuality surrounding him	him	PRON	.	PUNCT	.
In the 1774 version, the scene ends with the " Dance of the Furies " (No. 28). The second scene opens in Elysium. The brief ballet of 1762 became the four movement " Dance of the Blessed Spirits " (with a prominent part	part	NOUN	for	ADP	 for
" St Michael's Church is set in a churchyard in the countryside of Anglesey, north Wales, about 1.4 kilometres (0.87 mi) from the village of Gaerwen. A footpath leads to the church from the nearest road, 200 metres (660 ft) away	away	ADV	.	PUNCT	.
The sound mixing process was supervised by A. Krishnan and Siva Ram. It was processed by N. C. Sen Gupta and was orchestrated by A. Krishnamurthy. The songs were composed using Mohana, Bhimpalasi and Sindhu Bhairavi ragas, with " Prema Kosamai Valalo Padene " and "	"	PUNCT	Kanugona	PROPN	 Kanugona
The bow and arrow is another weapon that was used by the ancient Maya for both war and hunting. Although present in the Maya region during the Classic period, its use as a weapon of war was not favoured; it did not become a common weapon until	until	ADP	the	DET	 the
The investment in creative and cultural industries are considered a significant component of EU growth in the Lisbon Strategy and the Europe 2020 strategy; and designers are increasingly involved in innovation issues. To better understand the value of design and its role in innovation, the EU holds	holds	VERB	a	DET	 a
In Hindu mythology, Mount Kailāsa is conceived as resembling a Linga, representing the center of the universe. Gaṇa: The Gaṇas are attendants of Shiva and live in Kailash. They are often referred to as the bhutaganas, or ghostly hosts, on account of their	their	PRON	nature	NOUN	 nature
Widely distributed across Europe, A. phalloides forms ectomycorrhizas with various broadleaved trees. In some cases, the death cap has been introduced to new regions with the cultivation of non native species of oak, chestnut, and pine. The large fruiting bodies (mushrooms) appear	appear	VERB	in	ADP	 in
Spain had claimed ownership of the territory, which comprised part of the present day U.S. state of Texas, including the land north of the Medina and Nueces Rivers, but did not attempt to colonize the area until after locating evidence of the failed French colony of Fort	Fort	PROPN	Saint	PROPN	 Saint
Type Ia and Ib diamonds absorb in both the infrared and ultraviolet region of the electromagnetic spectrum, from 320 nm. They also have a characteristic fluorescence and visible absorption spectrum (see Optical properties). Type II diamonds have very few if any nitrogen impurities. Pure	Pure	ADJ	(	PUNCT	 (
In her final episode, " Preemptive Strike ", Ro returns to the Enterprise as a Lieutenant after spending a year at Starfleet Advanced Tactical Training. During the course of the training, her commanding officer, Lieutenant Commander Chakotay, resigned from Starfleet to join the Marquis	Marquis	PROPN	when	SCONJ	 when
This last segment in Michigan between M 239 and the state line opened when Indiana completed an 18 mile (29 km) segment of freeway in their state. On August 16, 1987, Northwest Airlines Flight 255 crashed after attempting to take off from Detroit Metropolitan Wayne	Wayne	PROPN	County	PROPN	 County
" Flop Starz " carried several references to the music industry and several genres (the title itself is as well a spoof of the phrase " pop stars "), as well as to the talent competition American Idol. The episode was well received by critics and	and	CCONJ	fans	NOUN	 fans
Littleton's artwork is in the collections of museums worldwide, including the Metropolitan Museum of Art and the Museum of Modern Art in New York City; Corning Museum of Glass, Detroit Institute of Arts, Indianapolis Museum of Art, Los Angeles County Museum of Art,	,	PUNCT	Milwaukee	PROPN	 Milwaukee
These clumps have around two to 30 eggs each with no larvae present. With this said, certain Myrmecia species do not lay their eggs singly and will form clumps of eggs instead. The larvae are capable of crawling short distances without the assistance from adult workers,	,	PUNCT	and	CCONJ	 and
The Germans were able to slow the British advance and then launched an armoured riposte. This initially gained ground but was stalled when British armour moved up and the two sides duelled in the confined terrain. Informed during the afternoon that a big British offensive was under way	way	NOUN	further	ADJ	 further
Released in early 1997, the song " Eye ", which appeared on the soundtrack to David Lynch's Lost Highway, relied almost exclusively on electronic instruments and signaled a drastic shift from the Pumpkins ' previous musical styles. At the time, Corgan stated his "	"	PUNCT	idea	NOUN	 idea
Ottman used a sample of Wolfgang Amadeus Mozart's Requiem as the basis for the music in scenes featuring Nightcrawler. As well as the music on the album, tracks by Conjure One and ' N Sync also featured in the film. On July 19, 2012,	,	PUNCT	La	PROPN	 La
Perhaps the most obvious housing incarnation of this era has been the council house. These have been a subject of some controversy since they were built. On the one hand some people argue they vastly improved Britain's housing stock, and provided their occupants with modern luxuries	luxuries	NOUN	such	ADJ	 such
Hill attached ' R ' Company to the French forces to ensure the bridge was not captured. German forces soon arrived at the bridge, and their commanding officer demanded that they be allowed to take control of the bridge and cross it to attack the British positions.	.	PUNCT	The	DET	 The
In 1955, having shot three films, Cagney bought a 120 acre (0.49 km2) farm in Stanfordville, Dutchess County, New York, for $100,000. Cagney named it Verney Farm, taking the first syllable from Billie's maiden name and the second from	from	ADP	his	PRON	 his
The whole project evidently had Russian connivance, if not actual support, since its success would conduce to the elimination of British authority in a vital area of the Middle East. A correspondent reported that Morgan made " casual observations based on what he saw... but the	the	DET	controversial	ADJ	 controversial
The latter was presented at UCLA's Royce Hall. Copeland's role was modified especially for her, and included ethnic dances. During this period, Copeland received far more personal attention from the Bradley family than her mother could give each of her six children, even	even	ADV	attending	VERB	 attending
However, in 991, Pietro II Orseolo became the Doge and spent his reign pushing the boundaries of the Republic further east down the western coast of the Balkan Peninsula with his conquests in Dalmatia in 1000. This strengthened the commercial bonds with the empires of the east	east	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
Penguin Putnam wanted to delay publishing the novel in order to release it concurrent with the anticipated film release. Warner Bros. hired Monahan to write the screenplay adaptation of Light House. In 2000, Light House: A Trifle was finally published in hardcover, and then,	,	PUNCT	the	DET	 the
In addition, Laurent won a number of accolades for her portrayal of Shosana including Austin Film Critics Association Award for Best Actress and Online Film Critics Society Award for Best Actress, and nominations at the Detroit Film Critics Society Awards, Empire Award for Best Actress, and	and	CCONJ	Saturn	PROPN	 Saturn
However, populations have been declining in many parts of the world. These declines were first noticed in North America, where they were initially attributed to the spread of the house finch, but have been most severe in Western Europe. Declines have not been universal,	,	PUNCT	as	SCONJ	 as
He was appalled to find that the Armored Force's tanks were armed with nothing heavier than a 37 mm gun. A new medium tank was beginning to come off the production line: the M3 Lee. Devers observed testing of one just days after taking command,	,	PUNCT	and	CCONJ	 and
In addition to Mad Max and Just Cause 3, " a standalone expansion of theHunter featuring dinosaurs, titled theHunter: Primal, was released on Steam's early access on 15 December 2014. The full game was launched on 31 March 2015. The company also released	released	VERB	their	PRON	 their
The Royal Adelaide Hospital runs a small scale program that desensitises patients to the ants venom. Patients are given an injection of venom under the skin in small amounts. During immunotherapy, the first dose is small, but will gradually increase per injection. This sort of	of	ADP	immunotherapy	NOUN	 immunotherapy
The expedition lacked governmental or institutional support, and relied on private loans and individual contributions. It was beset by financial problems and its preparations were hurried. Its ship, Nimrod, was less than half of the size of Robert Falcon Scott's 1901 – 04 expedition	expedition	NOUN	ship	NOUN	 ship
In 2011, the theatre won a British Construction Industry Award Conservation Award. The theatre itself is said to be haunted by several ghosts including the Grey Lady, who was an actress centuries ago. She has been seen watching productions in the Grey Lady Box, and	and	CCONJ	she	PRON	 she
Because what is very clear is that legislation in the name of " gender equality " does not actually make men and women the same. " In response to falling test scores in American public elementary, middle, and high schools, particularly among young boys, IWF	IWF	PROPN	created	VERB	 created
While there's an interesting story which is told really well, you will be left with the lingering feeling that it could have been a lot better ". Sify too gave Kanche 3 stars out of 5 and called it a film that is " [s]	]	PUNCT	uitable	ADJ	 uitable
The highest position it reached was third, which occurred in its fifth week of release. The largest number of theaters the film appeared in was 1,602. Internationally, the film earned over $5 million in Australia, $3 million in Germany, $4 million	million	NUM	in	ADP	 in
He struggled and found the ripcord and deployed his parachute. Exhausted, he landed in a garden and lay there before being recovered. MacLachlan probably was hit by a Bf 109 flown by Müncheberg himself — the German fighter leader had reported his 26th victory as a Hurricane	Hurricane	NOUN	with	ADP	 with
His tenure as the first Veterans ' Bureau director was characterized by corruption and scandal. Forbes was considered the " dashing playboy " of Washington and a favorite of President Harding. Having returned to the United States after fleeing to Europe in 1923, he was convicted of	of	ADP	conspiracy	NOUN	 conspiracy
Some evidence of this has been observed in specific eurozone markets. Low levels of inflation are the hallmark of stable and modern economies. Because a high level of inflation acts as a tax (seigniorage) and theoretically discourages investment, it is generally viewed as undesirable.	.	PUNCT	In	ADP	 In
In 1995, her mother filed for divorce. The following year Dunst began attending Notre Dame High School, a private Roman Catholic high school in Los Angeles. After graduating from Notre Dame High School in 2000, Dunst continued the acting career that she had begun.	.	PUNCT	As	ADP	 As
The PlayStation 3 and Xbox 360 versions of the game have sold 1.4 million units. Following the release of Marvel vs. Capcom 2: New Age of Heroes, Capcom was unable to retain the Marvel Comics license due to legal issues over copyright, placing the series on	on	ADP	indefinite	ADJ	 indefinite
(1981). Al imārāt al ʻarabīya as šāmila fi Jazīrat al ʻarab. (1983). Mudakkirāt: siǧill ḥāfil bi masīrat al ḥaraka al ʻarabīya wa- ' l qaḍīya al filasṭīnīya hilal qarn min az zaman: 1305 1404 hijra, 1887 1984. (1993	1993	NUM	)	PUNCT	)
To counter the effects of his several aches and pains, Pinfold has taken to dosing himself with a powerful sedative of chloral and bromide. He conceals this practice from his doctor. Pinfold is very protective of his privacy, but uncharacteristically agrees to be interviewed on BBC	BBC	PROPN	radio	NOUN	 radio
Compounding the loss of men to reinforce 21st Army Group, on 3 July the 115th Infantry Brigade was withdrawn from the division. The brigade was earmarked for an operation to liberate the Channel Islands and was re designated Force 135. Ultimately such an operation did not take	take	VERB	place	NOUN	 place
During December 1914, O'Leary saw heavy fighting with the Irish Guards and was Mentioned in Despatches and subsequently promoted to Lance Corporal on 5 January 1915. Three weeks later, on 30 January, the Irish Guards were ordered to prepare for an attack on German positions near	near	ADP	Cuinchy	PROPN	 Cuinchy
The French Pierre Joseph Proudhon is regarded as the first self proclaimed anarchist, a label he adopted in his groundbreaking work, What is Property?, published in 1840. It is for this reason that some claim Proudhon as the founder of modern anarchist theory. He	He	PRON	developed	VERB	 developed
Peart attributes her death to the result of a " broken heart " and called it " a slow suicide by apathy. She just didn't care. " In his book Ghost Rider: Travels on the Healing Road, Peart writes that he told his bandmates at	at	ADP	Selena	PROPN	 Selena
He took over Luo Castle from his cousin Liu Zhang after the people pleaded for his guidance (although he lost Pang Tong), and also unified Jing Province after defeating Han Xuan of Changsha, Liu Du of Lingling, Zhao Fan of Guiyang, and Jin Xuan	Xuan	PROPN	of	ADP	 of
Part of the description includes a series of toasts. The toasts begin with Odin's toasts, described as for victory and power for the king, followed by Njörðr and Freyr's toast, intended for good harvests and peace. Following this, a beaker is drank	drank	VERB	for	ADP	 for
Sambandar refers the town as " Kazhi " in his verses. It was called Shiyali during British rule, and after Independence, it was renamed " Sirkazhi ". The earliest mention of Sirkazhi is found in the history of the Chola king Kocengannan from the Sangam Age	Age	PROPN	(	PUNCT	 (
Females typically give birth to litters of one to six pups in shallow nursery areas, such as coastal bays or mangrove swamps; one known nursery area is Bulls Bay off South Carolina. There is no relationship between female size and the number of young. The newborns	newborns	NOUN	measure	VERB	 measure
After announcing pre tax loss of £22.3 m for the financial year 2001 – 02, the club formulated plans to reduce their wage bills in order to continue with the stadium work. Investment bank NM Rothschild and Sons was appointed to examine the financial situation at the	the	DET	club	NOUN	 club
Marquis also houses regularly themed events and contests. Gilbert's Cafe, a coffeehouse located on the ground floor of Kirby House, was opened in 1999 to provide a late night hangout and food for students. Simon's, a sandwich shop is located in the ground	ground	NOUN	floor	NOUN	 floor
The 2008 Lethal Lockdown match was the seventh bout on the card, between Team Cage (Christian Cage, Matt Morgan, Kevin Nash, Rhino, and Sting) and Team Tomko (Tomko, A.J. Styles, James Storm, and Team 3D). The duration	duration	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
At this point, it was clear that nurses could not be trained quickly enough to keep abreast of both civilian and military needs. The need for additional federal aid for the recruitment of nurses became apparent when the U.S. Army and Navy called for 2,500 new nurses each	each	DET	month	NOUN	 month
Most of the team at Blizzard Entertainment responsible for StarCraft returned to work on Brood War. Development on Brood War began shortly after StarCraft's release, and Blizzard Entertainment were assisted by members of Saffire, who were contracted for a variety of tasks consisting of programming and	and	CCONJ	design	NOUN	 design
She forbade heavy tilting of the sort that led to the death of her husband in 1559; and she developed and increased the prominence of dance in the shows that climaxed each series of entertainments. As a result, the ballets de cour, a distinctive new art	art	NOUN	form	NOUN	 form
For Smallville's ninth season, Welling served as a co executive producer. He returned as Clark Kent for the show's tenth and final season in Fall 2010 and became a full executive producer, as credited in a May 20, 2010 press release by the CW	CW	PROPN	.	PUNCT	.
He also enjoyed seeing Tom succeed with his concert, and claimed the Li'l Sebastian funeral scene was surprisingly powerful. Rick Porter of Zap2it said Parks was at the " top of its game ". Porter praised that the final scenes presented so many changes for the characters	characters	NOUN	but	CCONJ	 but
He returned to the stage for a final time in 1745 as Cardinal Pandulph in his play Papal Tyranny in the Reign of King John. Cibber's comedy Love's Last Shift (1696) is an early herald of a massive shift in audience taste, away from	from	ADP	the	DET	 the
Garrick also opened the temple and garden to the public on special occasions. Each May Day, seated on the chair noted by Mrs Delany and accompanied by his wife, he would give the poor children of Hampton money and cakes. A woman who attended one such	such	ADJ	May	PROPN	 May
It was decided that vampires and their clothes would turn to dust after they died. This was done for practical storytelling reasons, so the characters would not have to spend time cleaning up bodies. This episode introduced with the idea that vampires ' clothes would resemble the	the	DET	era	NOUN	 era
In addition to Stratocasters, Hendrix also used Fender Jazzmasters, Duosonics, two different Gibson Flying Vs, a Gibson Les Paul, three Gibson SGs, a Gretsch Corvette, and a Fender Jaguar. He used a white Gibson SG Custom for his performances on The Dick	Dick	PROPN	Cavett	PROPN	 Cavett
Gorman also attended the following year's meeting of the NHA owners in which the final vote to suspend the league was made. The Senators first season in the NHL, 1917 – 18, did not go well. Salary squabbles delayed the home opener as players protested	protested	VERB	that	SCONJ	 that
The change of command ceremony took place on July 9, 2007, at the Tampa Convention Center. It was presided over by Secretary of Defense Robert Gates. During the ceremony, Gates said, " He came to this post four years ago determined to improve the	the	DET	way	NOUN	 way
The film would reportedly feature a scene with Kumar watching a cricket match, but whether the match was between India and Pakistan at the Sharjah Cricket Association Stadium during the 1980s was unconfirmed. The trailer premiered in Mumbai, where many of the film's outdoor scenes were	were	AUX	shot	VERB	 shot
Many passengers associated with the gold diggings were unwilling to let go of their gold and money belts, as it was probably their life savings, insisted on keeping them tied and once overboard reportedly drowned very quickly. By morning of the 25 February, only the masts	masts	NOUN	were	AUX	 were
The letter describes a council to be held at Brentford to mediate between the kings of the East and West Saxons. In the view of the historian Frank Stenton, the letter illuminates the " confused relations of the southern English at a moment when they had no common	common	ADJ	overlord	ADV	 overlord
" Despite a lopsided start in the early 20th century, the Terps and Midshipmen were evenly matched for most of the history of the series. Between 1931 and 1965, Navy won six and Maryland five games. In the 2005 season opener, Navy was coming off	off	ADP	one	NUM	 one
An introduction to Jamaica was made in 1844 in an attempt to reduce the rat population. Despite its failure to control the rodents, the cane toad was introduced to Puerto Rico in the early 20th century in the hope that it would counter a beetle infestation ravaging the	the	DET	sugarcane	ADJ	 sugarcane
Harbaugh told him that it was Smith's call to make. Smith chose to play, and finished the game with 6 receptions for 127 yards and two touchdowns in a 31 30 win over the New England Patriots. In March 2013, Smith worked as an intern	intern	NOUN	for	ADP	 for
South Pacific countries and dependencies that are more than 10 percent Mormon include American Samoa, the Cook Islands, Kiribati, Niue, Samoa, and Tonga. Isolation in Utah had allowed Mormons to create a culture of their own. As the faith spread around the world	world	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
Informed in advance of the speech but not (until one hour before) the content, Khrushchev and his advisors feared an invasion of Cuba. Even before Kennedy's speech, they ordered Soviet commanders in Cuba that they could use all weapons against an attack — except	except	SCONJ	atomic	ADJ	 atomic
Despite their efforts to appease the Egyptians, the Ptolemies were challenged by native rebellion, bitter family rivalries, and the powerful mob of Alexandria that formed after the death of Ptolemy IV. In addition, as Rome relied more heavily on imports of grain from Egypt,	,	PUNCT	the	DET	 the
This left the Hokies available for the Gator Bowl, which picked them on the next day. The Clemson Tigers entered the 2000 – 2001 college football season after a 6 – 6 season in 1999 under first year head coach Tommy Bowden. Fans and college football analysts	analysts	NOUN	predicted	VERB	 predicted
Seeing his mediocre shooting percentages (at that point, Parker only hit 65% of his free throws, and only 27.6% of his three point shots), he let him train extra sessions with Spurs shooting coach Chip Engelland. Engelland forbade Parker to shoot any	any	DET	three	NUM	 three
The iliac blades are short and wide, the sacrum is wide and positioned directly behind the hip joint, and there is clear evidence of a strong attachment for the knee extensors, implying an upright posture. While the pelvis is not entirely like that of a human	human	NOUN	(	PUNCT	 (
Johnson dedicated the championship victory to his best friend Reggie Chastine, who was killed in a car accident the previous summer. He gave Chastine much of the credit for his development as a basketball player and as a person, saying years later, " I doubted myself	myself	PRON	back	ADV	 back
" The performance took place in a run down warehouse on the university campus and employed multimedia projection to create visual impact. The show premiered in February 2015 in Delhi. In 2014 the movie was released in a 4 K resolution restoration. The premiere of this version	version	NOUN	in	ADP	 in
After more than 15 years of off and on development, and approximately $6 million spent in 18 unused scripts from more than a dozen screenwriters, New Line finally produced a Freddy and Jason crossover for 2003. One of the biggest hurdles for the film was developing	developing	VERB	a	DET	 a
HD 2039 does not have a common, collaquial name that is characteristic of stars like Sirius, Procyon, and Aldebaran. HD 2039 is a stable G type star, meaning it shines with white light that can be seen in the Sun. In terms of mass	mass	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
There, a local merchant named Sa'Sani intervenes on the party's behalf, revealing herself to be the recipient of the goods traveling aboard the waylaid Vigilant. She subsequently recruits the party to investigate the ship's demise and the whereabouts of Captain Kassireh. After rescuing the	the	DET	captain	NOUN	 captain
In June 2013, the Belgian national team's first ever Fan Day attracted over 20,000 supporters; a second was held after the 2014 World Cup. On the days of Belgium's 2014 World Cup group matches, large dance events titled Dance with the Devils (a	a	DET	pun	NOUN	 pun
The practice of using names to identify tropical cyclones goes back many years, with systems named after places or things they hit before the formal start of naming. The system currently used provides positive identification of severe weather systems in a brief form, that is readily understood	understood	VERB	and	CCONJ	 and
The technique is extremely useful in current laboratory practice because it provides a rapid and inexpensive access to custom made oligonucleotides of the desired sequence. Whereas enzymes synthesize DNA and RNA only in a 5 ' to 3 ' direction, chemical oligonucleotide synthesis does not have this limitation	limitation	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
It was demolished in 1929. For a thirty year period, the previously popular glacier was mostly unvisited. In 1962, the new Trans Canada Highway was completed and its route closely followed that of the original CPR line. Once again, Illecillewaet was joined with a	a	DET	major	ADJ	 major
The.hack games are set in an alternate timeline of Earth, in the year 2010. After a computer virus called " Pluto's Kiss " crashes nearly every computer in the world, access to the Internet is closed to the general public to address security concerns. After	After	ADP	two	NUM	 two
Barattes nickname is " Bêche ", which is French for " Spade ", a reference to his career. Armand – the church's flamboyant and alcoholic organist; and close friend to Baratte; with links to " the party of the future ". Héloïse Goddard	Goddard	PROPN	–	PUNCT	 –
Sumiyoshi was informed by Hyakutake's staff of the postponement of the offensive to 24 October, but was unable to contact his troops to inform them of the delay. Thus, at dusk on 23 October, two battalions of the 4th Infantry Regiment and the nine tanks	tanks	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
" Many people praised the film's beginning while criticizing the ending. James Berardinelli praised the acting and considered that focusing the narrative on the struggle of one character made the film more effective, but described the ending as weak, even though Spielberg " does the best	best	ADJ	he	PRON	 he
Overall, 36 homes were destroyed and 638 others suffered serious impact, while 45 buildings were demolished and 50 others experienced damage. Total losses in Florida reached $5.5 million, which included $3.5 million to property, $1.5 million to crops, $400,000 to	to	ADP	electricity	NOUN	 electricity
Bridges trialled at a number of clubs before the start of the 2004 – 05 season, most notably Chesterfield and Northampton Town, without successfully securing a deal. He also spent the majority of the close season in America training with two professional American football clubs, before	before	ADP	realising	VERB	 realising
This was out of use for many years following the transfer of Royal Mail's activities to the West of England Mail Centre at Filton and the opening of the short lived Railnet Hub next to Bristol Parkway station in May 2000. It was finally dismantled in stages and	and	CCONJ	removed	VERB	 removed
Other threatened and endangered species found in the region include grizzled giant squirrel, grey slender loris, sloth bear, nilgiri tahr, nilgiri langur, lion tailed macaque, and Indian leopard. As per the 2011 census of India, the estimated population of South India is	is	AUX	252	NUM	 252
Travelling to the Montana Territory, he became a trader and interpreter in the area surrounding Fort Benton. Observing rampant alcoholism and its detrimental impact on the Native American and Métis people, he engaged in an unsuccessful attempt to curtail the whisky trade. In 1881, he	he	PRON	married	VERB	 married
This stonework includes fieldstones not usually associated with Michigan highway bridges. The crossing has remained in service since construction without alteration. Seven memorial designations have been applied to sections of US 41. Some of these designations follow other highways that run concurrently with US 41. Most	Most	ADJ	of	ADP	 of
He claimed his 20th victory on the night of 23 / 24 September 1943. He added two more victories and on 17 October 1943 received the German Cross in Gold (Deutsches Kreuz in Gold). The next day his aircraft was hit by German anti aircraft artillery	artillery	NOUN	and	CCONJ	 and
Also working with Eminem on the video included Dennis Dennehy and Chris Clancy for marketing. The final scene filmed on the first day was where Eminem would try to escape from a dark basement; shooting in Newark also continued. The second day of shooting focused on Eminem	Eminem	PROPN	as	SCONJ	 as
It is a puzzle as there are no epigraphic records that ascribe any date for its construction. Considering the huge size of the structures it was believed that the temple was built under major rulers of the area and was not the work of any local chieftains. The	The	DET	area	NOUN	 area
In 1935, the Alaska Road Commission tried to force shippers to use the railroad, and raised the toll at the Tanana ferry crossing to almost 10 dollars a ton. The truckers rebelled at this, with some violent skirmishes. Pirate ferry operations were started, lasting	lasting	VERB	until	ADP	 until
Lately, a monster who is believed by the town's population to be this specter has been attacking the village during the middle of the night, destroying homes and buildings. Misthallery is a watery town in which traveling via gondola to move about the town's canals	canals	NOUN	is	AUX	 is
Spring and autumn are both short and highly variable. Edmonton's growing season is from May 9 to September 22; Edmonton averages 135 140 frost free days a year. At the summer solstice, Edmonton receives seventeen hours and three minutes of daylight, with an hour	hour	NOUN	and	CCONJ	 and
As with previous Talbot and Chrysler Europe models, styling of the T15 was the responsibility of the British design centre in Whitley, Coventry. The stylists were limited by the need to retain the entire body structure of the 104, and allegedly were given Peugeot's own	own	ADJ	proposal	NOUN	 proposal
Banksia canei seed requires stratification — storing at 5° C (41° F) for 60 days — before it germinates, which takes a further 6 to 25 days. Salkin proposed this was necessary so that seed released in a summer or autumn bushfire would lie	lie	VERB	dormant	ADJ	 dormant
Around 1952, the family was taken by the government's Native Affairs Branch to a new settlement called Lajamanu, in the central desert west of Tennant Creek, Northern Territory. There, Peggy Rockman was required to work full time in the settlement's kitchens, being	being	AUX	paid	VERB	 paid
The European shows were a success, and the reformed line up of Bloom, Roeser, Lanier, Jon Rogers and drummer Ron Riddle worked very well together on stage. Blue Öyster Cult returned to the road in 1987 and 1988 with renewed enthusiasm, but without a	a	DET	new	ADJ	 new
In its decision, the Supreme Court overturned the Appellate Court and found that Florida does have jurisdiction in the case. The Court concluded that the defendants, Rudzewicz and MacShara, sought out their franchise in the state of Florida and were availed of the protections of that	that	DET	state	NOUN	 state
At the end of the third season, this team disbands. Rejoined by Foreman, House gradually selects three new team members: Dr. Remy " Thirteen " Hadley (Olivia Wilde), Dr. Chris Taub (Peter Jacobson), and Dr. Lawrence Kutner (Kal Penn	Penn	PROPN	)	PUNCT	)
The popularity of his work on Sam and Friends in the late fifties led to a series of guest appearances on network talk and variety shows. Henson himself appeared as a guest on many shows, including The Steve Allen Show, The Jack Paar Program and The Ed	Ed	PROPN	Sullivan	PROPN	 Sullivan
When the battle started, the British infantry captured all but one of their objectives, but as the brigade started to move out, a Turkish counter attack regained their previous positions, so the brigade's advance was called off. However, by the night of 6	6	NUM	/	SYM	 /
The Sunday Times ranked Carre's 101st (49th amongst state schools) in the Midlands and 750th nationally based on A Level and GCSE performance in 2012; it recorded that 48.7% of A Levels were at A * – B grade and 42.5% of GCSE grades	grades	NOUN	were	AUX	 were
Although similar individual multi episode DVDs were released, it is now exclusively available as part of The Twilight Zone – The Definitive Edition, the first volume of which was released December 24, 2004. Included is an audio only interview with Burgess Meredith as well as the	the	DET	clip	NOUN	 clip
It finally arrived from Paris in December. Chopin wrote to Pleyel in January 1839: " I am sending you my Preludes [(Op. 28)]. I finished them on your little piano, which arrived in the best possible condition in spite of the	the	DET	sea	NOUN	 sea
He concluded that Sirius was receding from the Solar System at about 40 km / s. Compared to the modern value of − 5.5 km / s, this both was an overestimate and had the wrong sign; the minus means it is approaching the Sun. However,	,	PUNCT	it	PRON	 it
Merriam, a University of California paleontologist who had led expeditions to the region in 1899 and 1900, encouraged the State of Oregon to protect the area. In the early 1930s the state began to buy land for state parks at Picture Gorge, the Painted Hills,	,	PUNCT	and	CCONJ	 and
It is the eighth film produced by Pixar, and was co written and directed by Brad Bird, who took over from Jan Pinkava in 2005. The title refers to a French dish, " ratatouille ", which is served at the end of the film,	,	PUNCT	and	CCONJ	 and
The etymology of the Lexus name has been attributed to the combination of the words " luxury " and " elegance, " and another theory claims it is an acronym for " luxury exports to the U.S. " According to Team One interviews, the brand name has no	no	DET	specific	ADJ	 specific
There was also a prevailing concept of fairness, in which practicing or training was considered tantamount to cheating. Those who practiced a sport professionally were considered to have an unfair advantage over those who practiced it merely as a hobby. The exclusion of professionals caused several controversies	controversies	NOUN	throughout	ADP	 throughout
Of this, 34 million pesos (US $2 million) were allocated for affected persons. On October 27, Rafael Pacchiano Alamán announced an initial fund of 5.3 million pesos (US $318,000) through the Temporary Employment Program (Programa de Empleo Temporal) to	to	PART	help	VERB	 help
Although they progress through the stages in the same order, individuals in different cultures seem to do so at different rates. Kohlberg has responded by saying that although different cultures do indeed inculcate different beliefs, his stages correspond to underlying modes of reasoning, rather than to	to	ADP	those	DET	 those
As a child, Harvey was teased for his protruding ears, big nose, and oversized feet, and tended to grab attention as a class clown. He played football in school, and developed a passion for opera; in his teens, he acknowledged his homosexuality	homosexuality	NOUN	to	ADP	 to
Manche Ch ' ol men grew their hair long; they were forced to cut it short upon their evangelisation and this caused much ill feeling. The Manche Ch ' ol practised polygamy; converted Manche men were forced to give up all their wives except one. This	This	PRON	was	AUX	 was
Uematsu has stated that he is a big fan of Celtic and Irish music, and some of his work contains elements from these musical styles. Uematsu's Final Fantasy scores vary from upbeat, to dark and angry, to melancholic in nature. For instance, the	the	DET	music	NOUN	 music
A study of 300 plants on Barro Colorado Island found that the heterozygosity at 5 microsatellite loci varied between 0.12 and 0.75. 8 out of the 50 alleles scored occurred in only one plant. Individuals do not typically reproduce until they have a trunk diameter of 30 cm	cm	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
Molotov and Kaganovich replaced their launchers with the more modern 1 N mount during the war. A total of 96 KB or 164 Model 1912 mines could be carried by the first pair of ships. A pair of depth charge racks were mounted as well as four BMB	BMB	PROPN	1	NUM	 1
These pleats assist with evacuating water from the mouth after lunge feeding (see feeding below). The dorsal fin is small; its height averages about 28 centimetres (11 in), and usually ranges between 20 cm (8 in) and 40 cm (16	16	NUM	in	ADP	 in
" On March 21, 2012, a resolution " condemning Joseph Kony and his ruthless guerrilla group for a 26 year campaign of terror " was put forward by Senators Jim Inhofe and Chris Coons. The resolution stated that it would back " the effort of Uganda,	,	PUNCT	the	DET	 the
Released on February 4, 2010 via Pitchfork Media, the video made extensive use of fur and taxidermy, which were noted by ChartAttack as qualities PETA would not approve of: " I can hear Ingrid Newkirk screaming right now. " The video features the band members	members	NOUN	performing	VERB	 performing
J. H. Dillon of the Firestone Tire and Rubber Company had patented a process in which the lead oxide was dissolved in hydrochloric acid: PbO 2 + 4 HCl → PbCl 2 + Cl 2 + 2H 2O The polonium could then be deposited on copper or nickel sheets	sheets	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
Brailsford has commented that this dissipation in his personal life was at odds with his cautious, calculated approach when in the prize ring. Johnson was a clear favourite to win the match, which took place on 17 January 1791 and attracted even more spectators than had been	been	AUX	present	ADJ	 present
The Cubs traded Evers to the Braves in 1914; that season, Evers led the Braves to victory in the World Series, and was named the league's Most Valuable Player. Evers continued to play for the Braves and Phillies through 1917. He then became a	a	DET	coach	NOUN	 coach
The mean flow as measured at Frenchay is 60 cubic feet per second (1.7 m3 / s), with a peak on 10 July 1968 of 2,474 cubic feet per second (70.1 m3 / s) and a minimum on 9 August 1976 of 2.8 cubic feet	feet	NOUN	per	ADP	 per
Chief Justice Fred M. Vinson authored a dissenting opinion, which was joined by Associate Justices Hugo Black and Harold H. Burton. The dissent concluded that " for over two years, [Kawakita] was consistently demonstrating his allegiance to Japan, not the United States. As	As	ADP	a	DET	 a
" The book has been compared to economic and political pamphlets of the 17th century, which were frequently used to quickly get ideas about current affairs into circulation. The Economist welcomed The Great Stagnation as " an important [book] that will have a profound impact on	on	ADP	the	DET	 the
This became known as the " 30 per cent solution " setting the " Bumiputra quota " for many items, including new public share listings and new private housing schemes. Certain commentators alleged that this fostered " a close to ' zero sum ' attitude chiefly between the	the	DET	Malays	PROPN	 Malays
Hardenbergh's design was described as employing both Gothic elements and classical forms that preceded the extreme eclecticism that was to mark a later Victorian Gothic Revival period. The original plans called for the building to be constructed out of red brick, but the final execution was mostly	mostly	ADV	in	ADP	 in
The network was expanded by the opening of the Stainforth and Keadby Canal in 1802, linking to the River Trent, the Dearne and Dove Canal in 1804, linking to Barnsley, and the Sheffield Canal in 1819, which provided better access to Sheffield. All three	three	NUM	were	AUX	 were
Mohnke arranged for a court martial panel, which consisted of generals Wilhelm Burgdorf, Hans Krebs, SS Gruppenführer Johann Rattenhuber, and himself. Fegelein, still drunk, refused to accept that he had to answer to Hitler, and stated that he was responsible only to	to	ADP	Himmler	PROPN	 Himmler
Walters was awarded the Air Force Cross for his " very active part in all operations " and for training his unit to " a particularly high standard "; the honour was gazetted in the 1941 King's Birthday Honours. He succeeded Frank Lukis as commanding officer of	of	ADP	RAAF	PROPN	 RAAF
A corrected location was later transmitted as 41° 46′ N 50° 14′ W, but this too was inaccurate, by 13.2 miles (21.2 km). Titanic is in two main pieces 370 miles (600 km) south east of Mistaken Point, Newfoundland.	.	PUNCT	The	DET	 The
It should be noted, however, that Shilts himself never claimed that Dugas was the first. In early 1991 Greyson was given a development grant for the script from the Canadian Film Centre, of which Greyson is an alumnus. Over the next year Greyson, in	in	ADP	collaboration	NOUN	 collaboration
He remained on the staff when Hlinka was fired one year later, under replacement Rick Kehoe, then Ed Olczyk. Mullen was removed from his role midway through the 2005 – 06 NHL season when the Penguins fired Olczyk and his entire staff. He was retained by	by	ADP	the	DET	 the
The York class cruisers lacked a full length waterline armour belt. The sides of Exeter's boiler and engine rooms and the sides of the magazines were protected by 3 inches (76 mm) of armour. The transverse bulkheads at the end of her machinery rooms were	were	AUX	3.5	NUM	 3.5
As of the Census of 2010, the population of Cooper was 1,969 people. Five hundred families were residing in 771 households spread across 897 housing units across the city. The total showed an increase of 56.6% from 2000. As of 2010, the racial makeup	makeup	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
Lisa is anxious to hear what the talking Malibu Stacy has to say, but is disappointed with her sexist phrases (such as " Don't ask me, I'm just a girl " and " Thinking too much gives you wrinkles "). Lisa is angry	angry	ADJ	that	SCONJ	 that
On December 9, however, Bradburn's superior, commandant general Manuel Mier y Teran, ordered Bradburn to dismantle the town and establish the ayuntamiento at Anahuac. The Mexican government had granted specific tariff exemptions to the first group of immigrants to Texas. Known as the	the	DET	Old	PROPN	 Old
It may have arrived on its island on rafting vegetation from southwestern Africa via the Benguela Current and the South Equatorial Current, which passes Fernando de Noronha. This possibility was first suggested by Alfred Russel Wallace before 1888. Mausfeld and coworkers calculated that the journey from Africa	Africa	PROPN	to	ADP	 to
Author Walt Morey owned an estate in Wilsonville and after his death in 1992, his widow sold the property to a developer. The housing development built on that property, Morey's Landing, bears his name as does the children's section of the Wilsonville Public Library	Library	PROPN	.	PUNCT	.
Over the course of the game, a scientific body called the Academy becomes a new technocratic government. While the game starts off in the year 3 AF (' AF ' being a new timescale set up after the fall of Cocoon), the story of XIII	XIII	PROPN	2	NUM	 2
She was raised as a Roman Catholic in their farmhouse in East Wickham with her older brothers, John and Paddy. Bush came from an artistic background: her mother was an accomplished traditional Irish dancer, her father was an accomplished pianist, Paddy worked as a musical	musical	ADJ	instrument	NOUN	 instrument
A 39 point season in 1940 – 41 with only two PIM earned Bauer his third consecutive appearance on the All Star Team and a second Lady Byng Trophy. In the playoffs, the Bruins reached the 1941 Stanley Cup Finals where they defeated the Detroit Red Wings in	in	ADP	four	NUM	 four
Arthur gradually strengthened and peaked as a 60 mph (97 km / h) tropical storm on the following day. However, cooler waters and upper level shear caused it to weaken. By July 17, Arthur had become extratropical, and moved north over Newfoundland.	.	PUNCT	It	PRON	 It
South Vietnam's Buddhist majority had long been discontented with Diệm's strong favoritism towards Catholics. Public servants and army officers had long been promoted on the basis of religious preference, and government contracts, U.S. economic assistance, business favors and tax concessions were preferentially given to	to	ADP	Catholics	PROPN	 Catholics
Even with its traditional pop culture references and flashbacks, this week's episode could not simply keep me tuned in. I'll admit, I did manage to laugh at times, but as in previous times, Family Guy simply fell short again. " Steve Heisler	Heisler	PROPN	from	ADP	 from
Here, DE 896 turns north to form a concurrency with US 301 / DE 71 on Summit Bridge Road, a four lane divided highway. The road heads between the Summit Airport to the west and housing developments to the east. US 301 / DE 71 /	/	SYM	DE	PROPN	 DE
When he was eventually promoted air marshal in 1948 the RAAF was made up of approximately 8,000 staff, compared to 175,000 — the world's fourth largest air force — he had commanded in 1945 as air vice marshal. Believing that wastage was reaching a critical point,	,	PUNCT	Jones	PROPN	 Jones
Collectively, the pre – Spirit Lake stages are known as the " ancestral stages ". The ancestral and modern stages differ primarily in the composition of the erupted lavas; ancestral lavas consisted of a characteristic mixture of dacite and andesite, while modern lava is very diverse	diverse	ADJ	(	PUNCT	 (
While appearing at a neighborhood festival, Clash was discovered by Baltimore television personality Stu Kerr, who became Clash's first mentor and hired him to perform in the children's show Caboose at Channel 2. Clash also built puppets for the Romper Room franchise. When he	he	PRON	was	AUX	 was
" Dannemann later stated that Hendrix had taken nine of her prescribed Vesparax sleeping tablets. Intended to be taken in half tablet doses, nine tablets of the powerful sedative amounted to 18 times the recommended amount. After Hendrix's body had been embalmed by Desmond Henley,	,	PUNCT	it	PRON	 it
The BSD project was founded in 1976 by Bill Joy. But since BSD contained code from AT & T Unix, all recipients had to get a license from AT & T first in order to use BSD. In June 1989, " Networking Release 1 " or	or	CCONJ	simply	ADV	 simply
Inscriptions from the temple indicate Thiruvarur as the capital of Kulothunga Chola I (1070 – 1120 CE), during which the town emerged a centre of saivism. After the fall of Cholas during the reign of Rajendra Chola II in the 13th century CE, the town	town	NOUN	was	AUX	 was
On Nihil, the guitars were mixed in last. Durante had recently purchased a triple neck Fender steel guitar in Houston, and used it during recording sessions, but added a significant amount of distortion to it, making it sound like a " regular " guitar but	but	CCONJ	giving	VERB	 giving
Since 1980, most Texas voters have supported Republican presidential candidates. In 2000 and 2004, Republican George W. Bush won Texas with 60.1 percent of the vote, partly due to his " favorite son " status as a former governor of the state. John McCain won	won	VERB	the	DET	 the
He made 41 appearances during the campaign but was not deemed a first choice player by new manager Eddie Howe, and in July 2011 he joined his hometown club Preston North End on loan for the duration of the 2011 – 12 season. Carlisle made his Preston debut	debut	NOUN	in	ADP	 in
A new service was started on 27 March 2008, with two direct services to Oslo, using larger Boeing 737 800 aircraft. but again the route was terminated later the same year. As of 2014, Norwegian is again flying to Svalbard from Oslo. Finnair announced	announced	VERB	to	PART	 to
Roma's matches were all close affairs, winning their ties up to the semi final by two goal margins. They beat Dundee United 3 – 2 on aggregate in the semi finals, although it was later revealed that Roma had bribed the referee in the second leg	leg	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
Several months later, his doctor confirms that he is cancer free. During the season finale, he is approached by Blaine who wants his permission to marry Kurt. Burt tells him that he while he does understand why he wants to get married, he believes that	that	SCONJ	both	DET	 both
Cox set up royalty agreements to ensure that the Samoans will share in the revenue. In 1988, his research was threatened when the Samoan government pressured the village of Falealupo to pay $65,000 for a new school, warning that if the village did not provide a	a	DET	new	ADJ	 new
At first, Magruder's units were behind Stonewall Jackson's column while marching down the Long Bridge Road, which led to Malvern Hill. Along this road were several adjoining pathways. One such road, called the Willis Church Road by some locals and the Quaker Road	Road	PROPN	by	ADP	 by
Gibraltar is largely self governed, with its own parliament and government, though the UK maintains responsibility for defence and foreign policy. Its economic success has made it one of the wealthiest areas of the European Union. The history of Gibraltar has been driven by its strategic	strategic	ADJ	position	NOUN	 position
Coastal damages due to storm surge amounted to $10,000, and overall the storm caused $52,000 in damages across the southeastern United States. An ill defined tropical wave was first identified in the Caribbean Sea on June 20, and moved westward into the Bay of Campeche	Campeche	PROPN	.	PUNCT	.
I 69). Additional segments of I 69 north of Lansing were finished in 1984 and 1987. I 69 was routed over I 96 and the new freeway north of Lansing, and the business loop was designated along M 43 and the former Temp. I 69	69	NUM	in	ADP	 in
He and Meredith are both lost, both lonely, both former screw ups who got their acts together. In another lifetime, they would be really good friends. So throughout the season, we watch them pause from time to time to look at each other and	and	CCONJ	see	VERB	 see
A rare case of character development taking center stage. " Keegan also wrote positively of the conversation sequence, writing that the " isolation caused by the sinking of the boat [...] forces Mulder and Scully to actually discuss their issues. " Robert Shearman and Lars	Lars	PROPN	Pearson	PROPN	 Pearson
Pulling away from his surrendered opponent, Féretier then fired on Lord Keith, whose captain, Peter Campbell, realised that his ship stood no chance against the frigate and turned eastward, running before the wind to escape despite suffering severe damage to Lord Keith ' rigging as	as	SCONJ	he	PRON	 he
Only a few months later, on 14 December 1861, Albert died at Windsor Castle. During his final illness, Alice remained at his bedside. Alice sent for the Prince of Wales by telegram, without the knowledge of the Queen, who refused to notify him	him	PRON	because	SCONJ	 because
Reviewers were more critical concerning the game's sound. Although the musical score was appreciated for its overall quality, both RPGFan and RPGamer found that there were too few adequately long tracks, with mediocre ambient sound effects to fill the dead time. Critics were mixed on	on	ADP	the	DET	 the
Triumph received a brief refit at Chatham Dockyard in October 1908 and was transferred to the Mediterranean Fleet on 26 April 1909. The ship returned to the Home Fleet in May 1912. She was transferred to the China Station on 28 August 1913 and was placed in reserve	reserve	NOUN	at	ADP	 at
An exception to the usual European qualification system happened in 2005, after Liverpool won the Champions League the year before, but did not finish in a Champions League qualification place in the Premier League that season. UEFA gave special dispensation for Liverpool to enter the Champions League	League	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
" Gene Lees, writing for High Fidelity, claimed that John Lennon found it " dull ", and he wrote, " I do not know any musician who thinks it's good. " The score had many more songs than were typical of Broadway shows of	of	ADP	the	DET	 the
The Western Ganga Dynasty, contemporaries of the Kadambas, came to power from Kolar but in the late 4th century - early 5th century moved their capital to Talakad in modern Mysore district. They ruled the region historically known as Gangavadi comprising most of the modern southern districts	districts	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
It publishes news, video, opinion, reviews, events and style. It is known for music charts, including the Billboard Hot 100 and Billboard 200, tracking the most popular songs and albums in different genres. It also hosts events, owns a publishing firm	firm	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
The ship was protected by a 100 millimeter (3.9 in) armored belt consisting of Krupp cemented armor, along with an armored deck that was 40 to 80 mm (1.6 to 3.1 in) thick. Her main battery turrets had faces 150 mm (5.9 in	in	ADV	)	PUNCT	)
The Stone is aligned with an aperture in the roof of the Sanctuary so that a ray of sunlight falls on the word LOVE on the Stone of Remembrance at exactly 11 a.m. on 11 November, marking the hour and day of the Armistice which ended World War I.	I.	PROPN	Since	SCONJ	 Since
" The English variety of plum cake also exists on the European mainland, although " plum cake " there more usually refers to baked cakes made with fresh, rather than dried fruit. In French cooking, plums are an ingredients in a significant tradition of cake making	making	NOUN	:	PUNCT	:
In terms of total earnings, the United Kingdom ($35.3 million), South Korea ($33.6 million), Australia ($16.57 million) and Germany ($16 million) are the top markets. In South Korea, it became Fox's third	third	ADV	highest	ADJ	 highest
The selection of Førde was tied to its central location within Sogn og Fjordane, as it was within a two hour drive from nearly the entire county. Immediately after the appointment, the Industrial Development Corporation of Norway started establishing an industrial facility at Øyrane. An industrial	industrial	ADJ	park	NOUN	 park
During the afternoon of September 13, Octave intensified into a major hurricane, a storm with sustained winds of at least 111 mph (178 km / h). Early the next day, the hurricane attained peak intensity as Category 4 hurricane, based on the Dvorak	Dvorak	PROPN	technique	NOUN	 technique
The episodes collected in the release form the beginning of the series ' mythology, and are centred on alien abduction at the hands of " colonists ". Several of the elements introduced in the collected episodes arose through necessity during production, as working around the pregnancy of	of	ADP	lead	NOUN	 lead
The nightly menu on board included oyster fritters, diamondback terrapin, duck, and turkey. The company built a new terminal and headquarters in Baltimore on Light Street in 1898 to accommodate the increasing traffic. Rebuilt after the Great Baltimore Fire of 1904, the building with	with	ADP	its	PRON	 its
" Angwin used the same strategy as the Miami campaign, tapping the resources of Bryant, Green, and their pastor in Miami. Jerry Falwell held a rally where Bryant was advertised to appear, but Green replaced her at the last minute. At the rally Angwin	Angwin	PROPN	told	VERB	 told
Early on August 16, the eye became better defined, although the feature diminished within a few hours, and the NHC was on the verge of downgrading Felix to tropical storm status. A break in the ridge allowed Felix to turn to the north, bringing it	it	PRON	about	ADV	 about
The posterior cricoarytenoid muscles, the only muscles that can open the vocal cords, are innervated by this nerve. The recurrent laryngeal nerves are the nerves of the sixth pharyngeal arch. The existence of the recurrent laryngeal nerve was first documented by the physician Galen. The	The	DET	recurrent	ADJ	 recurrent
These versions will be able to transfer Pokémon to the upcoming Pokémon Sun and Moon via the Pokémon Bank application. There is also a special bundle along with the Nintendo 2DS with each console matching the corresponding color of the game version which was released in Japan, Europe	Europe	PROPN	and	CCONJ	 and
The game's soundtrack is best known for " Melodies of Life, " the theme song of the game, performed by Emiko Shiratori in Japanese and English. The song was released as a single by King Records in 2000. The soundtrack was based around a theme	theme	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
These genera are more distantly related to the other nesomyine genera and even more distantly to the other subfamilies of the family Nesomyidae, which occur in mainland Africa. Voalavo is a small rodent resembling a mouse with gray fur. Species of the genus are among the smallest	smallest	ADJ	known	VERB	 known
She had a beam of 18 m (59 ft) and a draft of 6.28 m (20.6 ft) forward and 6.30 m (20.7 ft) aft. At the designed displacement, the vessel displaced 5,249 metric tons (5,166 long tons; 5,786 short tons	tons	NOUN	)	PUNCT	)
The election was to fill the vacancy caused by Willis D. Gradison's resignation to become a lobbyist for the insurance industry on January 31, 1993, three months after his re election. " It's important that we have an experienced person to fight for jobs for	for	ADP	Southwest	PROPN	 Southwest
School attendance in Cameroon is also affected by child labor. Indeed, the U.S. Department of Labor Findings on the Worst Forms of Child Labor reported that 56% of children aged 5 to 14 were working children and that almost 53% of children aged 7 to 14	14	NUM	combined	VERB	 combined
Halogens and chalcogens can also form halochalcogenate anions. Alcohols, phenols and other similar compounds contain oxygen. However, in thiols, selenols and tellurols; sulfur, selenium, and tellurium replace oxygen. Thiols are better known than selenols or tellurols. Thiols are the most	most	ADV	stable	ADJ	 stable
As built, the ship was armed with four 12 in (305 mm) 40 caliber guns placed in two twin gun turrets, one forward and one aft. The ship was also equipped with four 8 in (203 mm) 40 cal. guns in casemates	casemates	NOUN	in	ADP	 in
They are all essentially identical. To address a complaint from Lycia and Pamphylia about the " detestable pursuits of the atheists [Christians] ", Maximinus promised the provincials whatever they wanted — perhaps an exemption from the poll tax. When Maximinus received notice that Constantine had	had	AUX	succeeded	VERB	 succeeded
Two Serbian monks, Damjan Ljubibratić and Pavle, were dispatched by Patriarch Jovan Kantul to Pope Clement VIII in 1597. Patriarch Jovan assured the pope of his " loyalty and obedience " to the Church of Rome, and sought help " to liberate the Serb people from	from	ADP	the	DET	 the
Bush signed the Immigration Act of 1990, which led to a 40 percent increase in legal immigration to the United States. Bush became a life member of the National Rifle Association early in 1988 and had campaigned as a " pro gun " candidate with the NRA's	's	PART	endorsement	NOUN	 endorsement
Thus, the novel pits evolutionary biology against free will. Eugenides sought to find a compromise between these two views. Explaining that gender is a " very American concept ", he believes that " humans are freer than we realize. Less genetically encumbered ". Raised	Raised	VERB	as	ADP	 as
It was released on August 13, 2008, under Vives ' label Gaira Música Local. The album came into fruition when Rafael Pombo Foundation president Juanita Santos asked Vives to craft a musical that uses Pombo's most iconic poems and fables he created. Its music incorporates	incorporates	VERB	a	DET	 a
Juster feels that his book still has relevance today, although children's lives have changed since 1961: When I grew up I still felt like that puzzled kid — disconnected, disinterested and confused. There was no rhyme or reason in his life. My thoughts focused	focused	VERB	on	ADP	 on
The bar was refurbished in 1979. It was designed by Alberto Pinto with bleached wood, Provençale blue and white ceramic picture panels, and a mirrored ceiling. As of 2012, the bar is curved and is furnished with rich " blacks, browns and aubergine –	–	PUNCT	combined	VERB	 combined
The designs were then shipped to " pre visualization " to create moving CGI versions known as " animatics ". Ben Burtt would edit these scenes with Lucas in order to previsualize what the film would look like before the scenes were even filmed. The pre visualization footage	footage	NOUN	featured	VERB	 featured
Umpire Frank Chester, who was also known for his flamboyance and penchant for making himself visible, at one point held up proceedings momentarily when Barnes feigned to put his foot on the surface as the bowler was preparing to deliver the ball. England and MCC captain Norman	Norman	PROPN	Yardley	PROPN	 Yardley
Devotional art before the Reformation included books and images commissioned in the Netherlands. Before the Reformation in the mid sixteenth century the interiors of Scottish churches were often elaborate and colourful, with sacrament houses and monumental effigies. Scotland's ecclesiastical art paid a heavy toll as a	a	DET	result	NOUN	 result
Most of the treatment of his film's are like documentaries. Haider was co written by journalist writer Bhasharat Peer, who was an eye witness of the Kashmir conflict. He evolves his script till the filming. Bhardwaj is influenced by the film making styles of Satyajit	Satyajit	PROPN	Ray	PROPN	 Ray
He was temporarily succeeded by Trường Chinh, who was deposed and replaced by Nguyễn Văn Linh at the December 6th National Congress. Lê Duẩn was a nationalist and during the war he claimed that the " nation and socialism were one ". He stressed the importance of	of	ADP	building	VERB	 building
Most scales are lamellar (blade like) and attached with a pedicel, while other forms may be hair like or specialised as secondary sexual characteristics. The lumen, or surface of the lamella, has a complex structure. It gives colour either due to the pigments	pigments	NOUN	contained	VERB	 contained
Together with the incisor shaped (incisiform) lower canines (c1), which are slightly larger and also procumbent, form a structure called a toothcomb, a trait unique to nearly all strepsirrhine primates. The toothcomb is used during oral grooming, which involves licking and	and	CCONJ	tooth	NOUN	 tooth
The Twilight Saga: New Moon set records for advance ticket sales, causing some theaters to add additional showings. The film set records as the biggest midnight opening in domestic (United States and Canada) box office history, grossing an estimated $26.3 million in 3,514	3,514	NUM	theatres	NOUN	 theatres
After three days of intense fighting, the battle ended in a North Korean victory. The United States Army's 21st Infantry Regiment, 24th Infantry Division was assigned to delay two advancing North Korean People's Army divisions following communist victories at Osan, Pyongtaek, and Chonan	Chonan	PROPN	earlier	ADV	 earlier
As it neared Marw, Harith's army had swelled to some 60,000 men as the mawali flocked to his banner, according to the report of al Tabari. Asim's force was considerably smaller, and less eager: he had to pay them extra money in order	order	NOUN	to	PART	 to
South of the house is a 17th century sundial base decorated with foliage, grotesque heads and festoons. John Selby, a " gentleman dwelling at Pawston ", was killed in 1596 while defending his home against Scottish marauders. Pawston Hill has the remains of an Iron	Iron	PROPN	Age	PROPN	 Age
Although he played 26 times for Grays in the 2002 – 03 season, scoring six goals, he was made available for transfer at the end of the season. He joined Gravesend & Northfleet in September 2003, but played just four games for the club before moving	moving	VERB	on	ADP	 on
Five shipyards submitted bids to build one of the two planned ships. Three were privately run corporations: Bethlehem Shipbuilding, New York Shipbuilding and Newport News Shipbuilding. The other two, the New York Naval Shipyard and Philadelphia Naval Shipyard, were run by the government.	.	PUNCT	When	SCONJ	 When
Of greater concern, Gunson says, is the " deliberate blurring of responsibility for the coup ". The film presents the idea that the military commanders dispersed, " leaving a total power vacuum ". However, the high command's senior figure, General Lucas Rincón	Rincón	PROPN	(	PUNCT	 (
During the New X Men story arc " The Quest for Magik, " Anole and his classmates are sucked down into the dimension of Limbo by the demon Belasco. They are soon attacked by a large group of demons, and Anole takes charge, rallying the students	students	NOUN	around	ADP	 around
This percentage is based on the total amount paid including the tax ($23 out of every $100 spent in total). This would be equivalent to a 30% traditional U.S. sales tax ($23 on top of every $77 spent — $100	100	NUM	total	NOUN	 total
The Sullivan Trail later became known as the Easton and Wilkes Barre Turnpike, a turnpike that connected Easton and Wilkes Barre between 1815 and the 1850s. PA 115 was designated in 1928 to run from Montoursville east to Swiftwater; the route was designated PA 15 for a	a	DET	year	NOUN	 year
And this is just an example, Tolkien points out, of a minor challenge to the translator. A second issue (in his view) is the compactness of Old English words, which often have no modern equivalents, and phrases which are " inevitably weakened even	even	ADV	in	ADP	 in
" For these reasons he relied first on his assistants August Conradi and Joachim Raff to fill the gaps in his knowledge and find his " orchestral voice ". Raff, " a gifted composer with an imaginative grasp of the orchestra ", offered close assistance to Liszt	Liszt	PROPN	.	PUNCT	.
It is not enthusiastic about pursuing insects, but very good at catching those it pursues, as the performance table above shows: 424, 432, 434 While pursuits by the Queensland variant typically take 26 minutes, those of the Northern Territory variant typically take 3 to	to	PART	5	NUM	 5
In turn, 1st Canadian Division commander Arthur Currie was promoted to Lieutenant General and assumed command of the Canadian Corps. Currie regarded control of either Hill 70 or Sallaumines Hill as tactically more important than control of the city of Lens. Merely to occupy the city while	while	SCONJ	the	DET	 the
This was known only by Jill, who delivered a package to him at the hospital, a videotape in which Kramer asked him to watch over Jill and take action if anything happened to her. To this end, Gordon has Hoffman brought to the disused bathroom and	and	CCONJ	shackled	VERB	 shackled
Income is affected by the reliability of equipment within the plant and also by the availability of the grid network to which it is exporting. Some connection contracts allow the transmission system operator to constrain the output of a solar park, for example at times of low demand	demand	NOUN	or	CCONJ	 or
According to journalist Martin Popoff, the album was less melodic than its predecessors because of its frequent tempo changes, unusual song structures and layered guitars. He argued that the album is more of a progressive metal record because of its intricately performed music and bleak sound.	.	PUNCT	Music	NOUN	 Music
Simon & Garfunkel first burst onto the national scene when their hit single " The Sound of Silence " made waves on radio in 1965, during a period in which the duo had broken up due to the failure of their debut release, Wednesday Morning, 3 AM	AM	PROPN	(	PUNCT	 (
Pairs may indulge in spectacular displays of calling in unison and posturing. These include " dancing " movements that are performed both during and outside the breeding season and involve a short series of jumping and bowing movements made as one of the pair circles around the other.	.	PUNCT	Dancing	NOUN	 Dancing
Its huge range means that the barn swallow is not endangered, although there may be local population declines due to specific threats. The barn swallow is a bird of open country that normally uses man made structures to breed and consequently has spread with human expansion. It	It	PRON	builds	VERB	 builds
Today some thirty seven individual panels are attributed to him with confidence. Less is known of his life. Art historians associating the Dombild Master with the historical Stefan Lochner believe he was born in Meersburg in south west Germany around 1410, and that he spent some of	of	ADP	his	PRON	 his
After the match, Goldust called Stardust " Cody " and Stardust responded by telling Goldust to never refer to him by that name again. On the February 16 episode of Raw, Stardust hit Cross Rhodes on Goldust after a tag match, dissolving the team. He	He	PRON	then	ADV	 then
This process was aided by switching code to languages with better data typing, including object oriented and scripting languages, and cleaning up and modularizing the code so that contributors can better follow where changes can be made. While there are some direct variants of Rogue, such	such	ADJ	as	ADP	 as
He jumps back in the same window when Flanders tells him the PTA has not disbanded. The episode was directed by Swinton O. Scott III. In the opening shot of the episode, the bus that the children travel in to the field trip had to vibrate up	up	ADP	and	CCONJ	 and
The first production versions of the AMX 30, named AMX 30B to distinguish them from the AMX 30A prototypes, were completed in June 1966, manufactured with a welded and cast hull and a fully cast turret. The production version of the tank had a combat weight	weight	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
Tammany Hall regularly threw beefsteaks as political fundraisers, often enough that it was a large portion of beefsteak business in New York and " when Tammany Hall [got] a setback, beefsteaks [got] a setback ". Sophie Tucker and Bill Robinson had beefsteaks thrown	thrown	VERB	for	ADP	 for
Alex Singleton lost a yard on first down, but ran it in for a 2 yard touchdown on second down putting Tulsa in the lead 21 17, a lead they would not give up for the remainder of the game. The next two drives each ended in	in	ADP	a	DET	 a
However, the Malayan Internal Security Act 1960 (" ISA ") was passed in place of the PPSO with much of the same powers. During parliamentary debates on the Act, Malayan Prime Minister Tunku Abdul Rahman stated that the ISA would only be applied against only	only	ADV	the	DET	 the
Prolonged rain, though not typically life threatening, can undermine stamina and ruin supplies. In March 2015, a hiker was killed on the trail in Maryland when a large tree blew over and fell onto him. Violent crime, including murder, has occurred on the	the	DET	trail	NOUN	 trail
He supervised the school's gamelan and gardening programs and became the chief editor of Swaratama. Soegijapranata wrote editorials that covered a variety of topics, including condemnations of communism and discussions of various aspects of poverty. After two years at Xaverius, in August 1928, Soegija	Soegija	PROPN	returned	VERB	 returned
" Carol Cooper of The Village Voice called Discipline " the most cohesive deep groove album from La Jackson since Control. " NOW Magazine reviewer Bryan Borzykowski called it " her most modern and club friendly " album, and commented saying " Jackson wouldn't want us to	to	PART	call	VERB	 call
With the atomic number 115 in the periodic table the synthetic element is also known as element 115, or eka bismuth. In December 2015, it was recognized as one of four new elements by the Joint Working Party of international scientific bodies IUPAC and IUPAP. In	In	ADP	June	PROPN	 June
The 10th Sikh guru, Guru Govind Singh (1666 – 1708), is said to have recited the Sikh sacred text Guru Granth Sahib on the banks of the lake. During the Mughal rule, there was a short break in the lake's importance due to	to	ADP	the	DET	 the
" Instead he tried to ensure a peaceful transition. In return, the resistance offered full trials for all accused Nasjonal Samling members after the war and its leadership agreed he could be incarcerated in a house rather than a prison complex. The civil leadership of the resistance	resistance	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
He made a habit of placing secessionist flags at prominent locations, looking to start fights with pro Union forces. He would eventually be indicted for arson and treason but managed to escape back into Kentucky. Once back to Lexington, Kentucky, Duke married Henrietta Hunt Morgan	Morgan	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
There is continued debate over the missions of Palladius and Patrick but the consensus is that they both took place and that the older druid tradition collapsed in the face of the new religion. Irish Christian scholars excelled in the study of Latin and Greek learning and Christian theology	theology	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
He has stated a similar inability to distinguish between the sexes, claiming to only " see an American. " This comes in contradiction of his at times sexist behavior, for instance, calling only on men during an open discussion with his audience on women's issues	issues	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
In 2012, an estimated 14 wolf packs were living in Germany (mostly in the east) and a pack with pups has been sighted within 15 miles of Berlin. The gray wolf is protected in Slovakia, though an exception is made for wolves killing livestock.	.	PUNCT	A	DET	 A
The cap surface is smooth, slimy to the touch, often opaque when young but becomes partially translucent so that the outlines of the gills underneath the cap may be seen nearly to the center, before fading. It is often somewhat wrinkled or has the radial gill	gill	NOUN	grooves	NOUN	 grooves
Closing to investigate, the ships were discovered to be a Batavian squadron of two frigates and a small cutter. In the face of the larger British squadron the Batavian force turned away, sailing southeast along the Norwegian coast with the British approaching from the south in an	an	DET	effort	NOUN	 effort
It was written by D. C. Fontana and Gene Roddenberry and directed by Corey Allen. Roddenberry was the creator of Star Trek, and Fontana was a writer on the original series. The series follows the adventures of the crew of the Starfleet starship Enterprise. In this	this	DET	episode	NOUN	 episode
Total tuition / fees: $20,660 for in state and $33,446 for out of state Law School (night) $506.77 per credit hour for in state students, and $851.40 per credit hour for out of state students. Total tuition / fees: $	$	SYM	15,593	NUM	15,593
This system of single use equipment is replaced in Reach by reusable and persistent armor abilities that remain with a character until they are replaced. The abilities are a jetpack; active camouflage; sprint; hologram, which creates a facsimile of the player running towards a target	target	NOUN	point	NOUN	 point
Fangraphs ranked him as the 56th best baserunner in baseball history. In November 2013, Kinsler was traded to the Detroit Tigers for Prince Fielder in a one for one trade of All Stars, with the Tigers sending Texas $30 million to cover part of the difference	difference	NOUN	in	ADP	 in
In September 2005, it was announced by Billboard that the remix would serve as the music for the ad campaign behind Spears ' fragrance, Fantasy. The Junkie XL Remix was released as promotional single from B in the Mix: The Remixes on October 31, 2005	2005	NUM	in	ADP	 in
After a series of night engagements between the leading battleships and British destroyers, the High Seas Fleet punched through the British light forces and reached Horns Reef by 04: 00 on 1 June. The German fleet reached Wilhelmshaven a few hours later; the I Squadron battleships	battleships	NOUN	took	VERB	 took
Released by his colleagues on New Year's Eve, Tracy interrogates Mumbles and arrives at a shootout outside Big Boy's club where his men are killed by the police and Tracy. Abandoning his crew, Big Boy flees to a drawbridge and ties Tess to the gears	gears	NOUN	before	SCONJ	 before
In Illmatic, you find the meaning not just of hip hop, but of music itself: the struggle of youth to retain its freedom, which is ultimately the struggle of man to retain his own essence. Illmatic has been included in numerous publications ' " best	best	ADJ	album	NOUN	 album
At the time, Moorer was serving as Commander Carrier Division Six which included the carriers Essex and Saratoga. Triton completed its first overseas deployment with a port visit to Bremerhaven, West Germany, the first by a nuclear powered ship to a European port, from 2	2	NUM	–	PUNCT	 –
" The band eventually signed a record deal with Geffen Records. When Geffen Records re released the album, the label refused to release the song " Yellow Fever " because of its graphic lyrical content. As such, the song was removed from Geffen pressings of the	the	DET	album	NOUN	 album
Whether detention is necessary is a matter solely for the executive's judgment. However, the courts can still review the decision in terms of whether the exercise of discretion fell within the scope of section 8. The law relating to justiciability was discussed comprehensively by Judicial Commissioner	Commissioner	PROPN	Sundaresh	PROPN	 Sundaresh
Out of the five types of living beings, a householder is forbidden to kill, or destroy, intentionally, all except the lowest (the one sensed, such as vegetables, herbs, cereals, etc., which are endowed with only the sense of touch	touch	NOUN	)	PUNCT	)
He does a great job of bringing forth these unknown facts. " Ward Triplet of the Kansas City Star felt that although the book is " an eerie, but compelling day by day account of Madonna, and how she became who she is, sometimes Taraborrelli feels	feels	VERB	like	ADP	 like
A complex character, Barnes, "... rarely forgave a slight or forgot a good turn. Stocky, with blue eyes and powerful wrists, he had a passion for physical fitness, and was an enthusiastic big game fisherman and golfer ". Barnes married a schoolteacher	schoolteacher	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
However, when Mountbatten proposed to Jinnah that, in all the princely States where the ruler did not accede to a Dominion corresponding to the majority population (which would have included Junagadh, Hyderabad as well Kashmir), the accession should be decided by an ` impartial	impartial	ADJ	reference	NOUN	 reference
Summoned again in March 1628, on 26 May Parliament adopted a Petition of Right, calling upon the king to acknowledge that he could not levy taxes without Parliament's consent, not impose martial law on civilians, not imprison them without due process, and not quarter	quarter	VERB	troops	NOUN	 troops
They are exposed in cliffs compassing the falls with a narrow sequence of gravel lying above the oldest lava unit. These lava flows are interpreted to have been exposed by erosion during a period of catastrophic flooding and the valley these lavas are located in is significantly larger than	than	ADP	the	DET	 the
According to Supreme Allied Commander Europe (SACEUR) General James L. Jones it was not the lack of combat troops and the caveats were the problem, but the lack of adequate helicopters and military intelligence to support airlift and on the ground operations. While the NATO countries	countries	NOUN	in	ADP	 in
On hearing the news of Magnus's death, Harald quickly gathered the local leaders in Norway and declared himself king of Norway as well as of Denmark. Although Magnus had appointed Sweyn his successor as king of Denmark, Harald immediately announced his plans to gather an army	army	NOUN	and	CCONJ	 and
The generic name probably comes from the combination of the New Latin word cephal, meaning head, and the Greek word lophos, meaning crest. The specific name dorsalis is a Latin word referring to the back surface of an object. The common name " duiker "	"	PUNCT	comes	VERB	 comes
Álmos, according to Gesta Hungarorum, was freely elected by the heads of the seven Hungarian tribes as their " leader and master ". Anonymus adds that to ratify Álmos's election, the seven chiefs " swore an oath, confirmed in pagan manner with their own	own	ADJ	blood	NOUN	 blood
The sea was turbulent due to a strong gale from the northwest and the chase continued into the evening before Captain William Granger was able to fire ranging shot at the French ship. Lhermitte responded with his sternchasers. Granger rapidly gained on the damaged Preneuse but the state	state	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
Under Boyd's purview, the Engineering Experiment Station gained many electronics related contracts, to the extent that an Electronics Division was created in 1959; it would focus on radar and communications. Boyd championed the establishment of research facilities. In 1955, Georgia Tech president Blake	Blake	PROPN	Van	PROPN	 Van
The NA 236 shared some similarities with the XF 108, although the most obvious differences were the additions of two finlets at the midspan of the horizontal stabilizers, and canards. Political and budgetary difficulties led to the cancellation of the program on 9 May 1956. After	After	ADP	considerable	ADJ	 considerable
Judges and judicial officers are appointed non politically and under strict rules regarding tenure to help maintain constitutional independence from the government. This theoretically allows the judiciary to interpret the law based solely on the legislation enacted by Parliament without other influences on their decisions. The Superintendent of	of	ADP	Police	PROPN	 Police
The collection was very successful, debuting at number 1 on the US Billboard Top Music Video chart. The album was also successful on the other DVD and albums charts across the world. The live performance of " Halo " during the show, which is featured on	on	ADP	the	DET	 the
Johnson maintained his lead at the lap 371 restart and was followed by Earnhardt, Hamlin, Kurt Busch and Gordon (who made a pit stop for an air pressure adjustment during the caution). Hamlin passed Earnhardt for second place ten laps later. The thirteenth caution	caution	NOUN	was	AUX	 was
On Frederick's death in 1250, Innocent started to look for a new ruler, one more amenable to the Papacy. Henry saw Sicily as both a valuable prize for his son and as an excellent base for his crusading plans in the east. With minimal consultation	consultation	NOUN	within	ADP	 within
The calf nurses for three years, although lactation usually lasts longer, allowing for extensive mother calf bonds. Short finned pilot whale females will go though menopause, but this is not as common in females of long finned pilot whales. Postreproductive females possibly play important roles	roles	NOUN	in	ADP	 in
The " fraud " referred to is the denial of the existence of the trust by the intended trustee of the will, thus allowing him to apply it for his own purposes. Thus in McCormick v Grogan, Lord Westbury justified secret trusts, saying: the court	court	NOUN	has	VERB	 has
Furthermore, the crew was not otherwise well prepared for close action, lacking axes, lances, and other tools useful for a boarding action. Pollock instructed Pickles to harass British military shipping on the lake, which had recently increased in activity. Pickles sailed from New	New	PROPN	Orleans	PROPN	 Orleans
Hardy lived on his own until 2004 when his legs weakened and he found it almost impossible to walk. He was placed in a rest home, but was still able to feed himself and pass the days watching The Oprah Winfrey Show and The Price Is Right.	.	PUNCT	At	ADP	 At
The three episodes of series two were the three most watched programmes on iPlayer, the BBC's video on demand service, between January and April 2012. Its opening episode, " A Scandal in Belgravia ", attracted controversy from the tabloid newspaper Daily Mail, which	which	PRON	reported	VERB	 reported
He stated in an interview that he began thinking of " when was it that I felt I was really myself? And I remember it was when I put on my skates and my Eaton catalogues on my legs, and I stood up, and I was taller	taller	ADJ	than	ADP	 than
Fleming also used historical references for some of his names and Marc Ange Draco's name is based upon that of El Draco, the Spanish nickname for Sir Francis Drake, a fact also used by J. K. Rowling for the naming of her character Draco Malfoy. For	For	ADP	Tracy	PROPN	 Tracy
In the end, Sorkin apologized to Cleveland. Cleveland and Sorkin also won the Writers Guild of America Award for best episodic drama at the February 2001 ceremony for " In Excelsis Deo ". In 2001, after wrapping up the second season of The West Wing,	,	PUNCT	Sorkin	PROPN	 Sorkin
MDOT was seeking to rebuild the streets to improve the downtown area around the State Capitol, adding decorative sidewalks, lighting and planting new trees. The city planned to upgrade the sewer system at the same time as part of a 30 year project to separate the storm	storm	NOUN	and	CCONJ	 and
By 1636, under the leadership of the Arminian Archbishop of Canterbury William Laud, the English church was trying to use 5 November to denounce all seditious practices, and not just popery. Puritans went on the defensive, some pressing for further reformation of the Church.	.	PUNCT	Bonfire	PROPN	 Bonfire
On Hitler's behalf, Himmler formed the Einsatzgruppen and built extermination camps. As facilitator and overseer of the concentration camps, Himmler directed the killing of some six million Jews, between 200,000 and 500,000 Romani people, and other victims; the total number of civilians killed	killed	VERB	by	ADP	 by
Fishing grew in importance on the island during this time, with numerous fish weirs being installed. During the 16th and 17th centuries, Dutch and French settlers arrived on the island. Some locals supplemented their income from the oyster trade by smuggling, which remained popular until	until	ADP	the	DET	 the
The ship saw extensive service during the First World War; she was present at the Battle of Heligoland Bight in August 1914, but did not engage British warships. She also saw action in the Baltic Sea against Russian forces, and was badly damaged by a Russian	Russian	ADJ	mine	NOUN	 mine
Fourth Amendment case law deals with three central questions: what government activities constitute " search " and " seizure "; what constitutes probable cause for these actions; and how violations of Fourth Amendment rights should be addressed. Early court decisions limited the amendment's scope to	to	ADP	a	DET	 a
Fruit bodies of S. coccinea may grow either solitarily, scattered or grouped together on sticks, twigs, and fragments of dead wood, usually somewhat decomposed and partially buried in the top 5 cm (2.0 in) of soil and forest litter. It prefers soil that	that	PRON	is	AUX	 is
The specific epithet vulpinus is derived from the Latin vulpes meaning " fox ", and in some older literature the species name was given incorrectly as Alopias vulpes. " Fox shark " is the earliest known English name for this species and is rooted in classical antiquity,	,	PUNCT	from	ADP	 from
The titles made their debut on 18 March 2010. A new set of opening titles made their debut on 15 April 2013, along with a new version of the theme tune. Visual Playground once again created and produced the titles. The titles depict the Ramsay Street	Street	PROPN	residents	NOUN	 residents
The unit was in action on D Day over Pointe du Hoc and, later, clearing a corridor for Allied troops advancing up the Cherbourg peninsula. On the night of 4 / 5 July, Nos. 463 and 467 Squadrons bombed supply depots for V weapons near	near	ADP	Saint	PROPN	 Saint
Two days later, Keith was suspended five games for his hit by the League. Sidelined for the remainder of the regular season, Daniel finished 2011 – 12 with 30 goals and 67 points over 72 games, a drop off from his League leading total from the	the	DET	previous	ADJ	 previous
In 1932 at the Julien Levy Gallery in New York, the price of Kertész's proofs was set at US $20 ($347 in 2016), a large sum of money during the Great Depression. Kertész and other Hungarian artists formed a synergistic circle;	;	PUNCT	he	PRON	 he
Lam's name appears as part of the title of the original video. Contrary to reports in Western media, the word " Uncle " (阿叔) was not used. On 28 May 2006, this incident was mentioned on the main evening news on TVB,	,	PUNCT	as	ADV	 as
While mindful of tyranny, delegates of the Constitutional Convention thought that the single executive would be more effective in responding to national disturbances. Federalists cited the rebellion as an example of the confederation government's weaknesses, while opponents such as Elbridge Gerry thought that a federal response	response	NOUN	to	ADP	 to
" Concluding that " Villains are often the most memorable characters in a Disney animated film, " Roger Ebert described Scar " one of the great ones. " James Berardinelli of ReelViews reviewed, " Gone is the buffoonery that has marked the recent trio of Ursula,	,	PUNCT	Gaston	PROPN	 Gaston
In 2011, WSDOT calculated that the busiest section of SR 513 was within the University of Washington campus, serving 41,000 vehicles, while the least busiest section was its northern terminus at Magnuson Park, serving 14,000 vehicles. The entire route of SR 513 is part of	of	ADP	the	DET	 the
Leslie Crusher was considered as a boy named Wesley prior to the casting call; the gender change was later made permanent. Geordi La Forge was named for a quadriplegic fan named George La Forge who had died in 1975, while Macha would evolve over time to eventually	eventually	ADV	become	VERB	 become
In 1793 Bashō was deified by the Shinto bureaucracy, and for a time criticizing his poetry was literally blasphemous. In the late 19th century, this period of unanimous passion for Bashō's poems came to an end. Masaoka Shiki, arguably Bashō's most famous critic	critic	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
The route has been progressively widened and extended south since then. During the 1980s, the freeway was extended to South Street in Murdoch, and in June 2001, it reached Safety Bay Road in Baldivis. The final extension began as the New Perth Bunbury Highway project	project	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
Sometime after Edinorog was completed, an armored ring, 5 inches (127 mm) thick and 15 inches (381 mm) tall, was fitted around the base of the turret to prevent splinters from jamming it. Later, an armored, outward curving bulwark was	was	AUX	fitted	VERB	 fitted
A first, quick look by scientists indicates that this specimen might represent a new species of Archaeopteryx. It was found in a limestone bed that was a few hundred thousand years younger than the other finds. Another fragmentary fossil was found in 2000. It is in	in	ADP	private	ADJ	 private
He resigned in 1990, saying he wasn't earning his keep, but most observers blamed it on his uneasy relationship with manager Tommy Lasorda. Koufax returned to the Dodger organization in 2004 when the Dodgers were sold to Frank McCourt. In 1999, The Sporting News	News	PROPN	placed	VERB	 placed
Throughout October 25, banding features developed and the upper level outflow became better established. In response to a ridge to the east, the depression tracked in a general west northwest direction. Intensification was likely as the system was forecast to remain within an environment characterized by	by	ADP	low	ADJ	 low
He kept religious tracts in his shirt pocket where he had previously kept his rabbit's foot, and he often gave these tracts to people he met. He also kept a card in his pocket with Philippians 4: 13 on it in order to give himself courage	courage	NOUN	in	ADP	 in
They concluded a truce, which was to last " from the feast of St Martin until the feast of St George ", from 11 November 1073 until 24 April 1074. However, Solomon chose to attack his cousin as soon as the German troops sent by his	his	PRON	brother	NOUN	 brother
Figs. 8, 9, 10 and 39 show White tailed Ptarmigans, of the Rocky Mountains, in winter and transitional plumages... Supremely beautiful and potent is the grass pattern of this same species in summer plumage... This pattern... is achieved by light brown marginal	marginal	ADJ	bands	NOUN	 bands
Downtown Cleveland is centered on Public Square and includes a wide range of diversified districts. Downtown Cleveland is home to the traditional Financial District and Civic Center, as well as the distinct Cleveland Theater District, which is home to Playhouse Square Center. Mixed use neighborhoods such	such	ADJ	as	ADP	 as
The unusually long text, of four lines for the A section and two for the B section, results in Bach's solution to repeat the end of the first line (my eternal good) after all text of A, and then after the middle section B	B	NOUN	repeat	NOUN	 repeat
Patton would command the Seventh Army in the Sicily landings during the summer, and the 45th would be the only combat loaded division coming from the United States. With the division scheduled to sail from Norfolk on 5 June, Middleton left beforehand to complete the planning for	for	ADP	the	DET	 the
Heavy rainfall on Saint Lucia destroyed about 15% of its yearly banana crop. Damage was heaviest on Martinique, where seven casualties occurred and 1,500 people were left homeless as the heavy rainfall caused severe flooding on the island, resulting in some landslides. The remnant moisture	moisture	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
First made downloadable on 20 February 2008, the series of podgrams is a collection of Fry's writings, speeches and collective thoughts. The podgrams vary in length and are not released at any set date. The podgrams are one of the most downloaded podcast series on	on	ADP	the	DET	 the
In 2015, Racz held the designation of Professor and Chairman Emeritus, Director of Pain Services for Texas Tech University Health Sciences Center. Throughout his career, Racz has also conducted research and co authored articles with other experts in pain management to improve diagnosis and treatment of	of	ADP	complex	ADJ	 complex
The British Olympic Association, in its successful bid for the 2012 Olympic Games in London, recognised Dover's Games as " the first stirrings of Britain's Olympic beginnings ". Writing in 1972, the athletics coach and sports journalist Ron Pickering said: The influence of	of	ADP	English	ADJ	 English
The reactor required an enormous amount of graphite blocks and uranium pellets. At the time, there was a limited source of pure uranium. Frank Spedding of Iowa State University were able to produce only two short tons of pure uranium. Additional three short tons of uranium	uranium	NOUN	metal	NOUN	 metal
" Jenny Valentish from Time Out awarded the show in Melbourne five stars, calling Gaga " a phenomenal singer with an immense voice (...) who could try her hand at any genre ", also praising her live band and the costume changes. The National critic	critic	NOUN	Saeed	PROPN	 Saeed
Although it lost usefulness for average and long distances, the National Roads system has acquired municipal interest: EN13 that cuts the city in half, in a north south direction, is used by commuters originating from the northern suburbs and from the city of Vila do Conde	Conde	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
The American robin begins to breed shortly after returning to its summer range. It is one of the first North American bird species to lay eggs, and normally has two to three broods per breeding season, which lasts from April to July. The nest is most	most	ADV	commonly	ADV	 commonly
The fort housed a garrison of 250 soldiers, and was the residence of the governor of the Province of Cumaná. On 22 November 1668, Don Juan de Urtarte (governor of the province from 9 June 1668 to 26 July 1669) wrote a memorandum to the	the	DET	King	PROPN	 King
Many similar experiments were pursued by Dziga Vertov in his 1931 Entuziazm and by Chaplin in Modern Times, a half decade later. A few innovative commercial directors immediately saw the ways in which sound could be employed as an integral part of cinematic storytelling, beyond the obvious	obvious	ADJ	function	NOUN	 function
Although the ontological argument may have been implicit in the works of Greek philosophers such as Plato and the Neoplatonists, the mainstream view is that the ontological argument was first clearly stated and developed by Anselm of Canterbury. Some scholars argued that the Islamic philosopher Avicenna (Ibn	Ibn	PROPN	Sina	PROPN	 Sina
The story then shifts to one of Ippo's sempai, Masaru Aoki, who has been boxing for a number of years before Ippo. He enters the Class A Tournament, but loses. Afterward, he begins his comeback and rises through the Lightweight division to win	win	VERB	the	DET	 the
" Total Film observed, " Hidden sounds lead to haunted rooms and tedious occult mythology ". Blackburn directed the 2008 film Donkey Punch, which he co wrote with David Bloom. His total budget for the film was £1 million. Blackburn's production team went	went	VERB	through	ADP	 through
Southsea Common was bought by Portsmouth City Council in 1922 and turned into a park, while the west battery was disarmed in 1927. During the Second World War, the Hampshire Heavy Regiment, Royal Artillery (Territorial Army), occupied the castle, which was used	used	VERB	as	ADP	 as
In search of broader support, Paraná appointed as ministers politicians who had few, or no, links to the saquaremas. Caxias himself was a saquarema, but according to Needell, he " was first and foremost a military man. Personal fealty to the Empire came	came	VERB	before	ADP	 before
Odubade signed for Conference Premier side Stevenage on a free transfer in May 2009. He made his debut for the club as a substitute in Stevenage's 1 – 1 draw with Tamworth in the opening game of the 2009 – 10 season. He scored his first goal	goal	NOUN	for	ADP	 for
Later, destroyer Meade approached and opened fire on the beached transports and surrounding area. These attacks set the transports afire and destroyed any equipment on them that the Japanese had not managed to unload. Only 2,000 to 3,000 of the embarked troops made it to Guadalcanal,	,	PUNCT	and	CCONJ	 and
Following the loss of much of Japan's aircraft carrier fleet by 1943, a proposal was floated that would have converted both vessels into hybrid battleship carriers. Work was scheduled to commence in June 1943, but the plan was cancelled and the two Ise class battleships were	were	AUX	converted	VERB	 converted
For years, Carey's albums had consisted of slow and meaningful ballads, devoid of any guest appearances or hip hop. In January 1995, as she recorded Daydream, Carey began taking more control over her musical style and genre influences. She enlisted the production skills	skills	NOUN	and	CCONJ	 and
Feudal obligations, by which knights held castles and estates in exchange for service, provided troops on a 40 day basis. By the second half of the 14th century money contracts of bonds or bands of manrent, similar to English indentures of the same period, were	were	AUX	being	AUX	 being
He had become disgusted by the massive loss of life during the war and was unable to reconcile to it. Stephen Adams writes that, just as Eliot denied he was Prufrock, so Pound denied he was Mauberley, but the work can nevertheless be read as autobiographical	autobiographical	ADJ	.	PUNCT	.
Młynarczyk was in such bad shape that he was unable to carry his own bags; Smolarek took them for him. Next to the team bus, one of Kulesza's assistants, Bernard Blaut, confronted Smolarek and told him that Młynarczyk was to stay behind. Smolarek	Smolarek	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
During next days, Madonna performed " Hung Up " on TV shows such as Wetten, dass..? in Germany, Parkinson in England and Star Academy in France, as well as on the Children in Need 2005 telethon in London. She opened her concerts at	at	ADP	Koko	PROPN	 Koko
The highways head due east from the state line for seven miles (11 km) before coming to an intersection with US 283. US 283 follows US 60 and SH 51 into Arnett, where they serve as the southern terminus for SH 46. East of Arnett	Arnett	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
Morison signed a new 2 ½ year contract with Millwall on 5 February 2011, ending transfer speculation about his long term commitment to the club, he stated " I'm looking forward to playing my part in the future success of Millwall ". After a run of	of	ADP	six	NUM	 six
Later attacks got so close that the artillery could not fire without hitting British positions. A platoon was overrun and a counter attack with tanks and infantry then forced the Germans back. The Germans subjected the box to harassing fire and attacked from two sides later in the	the	DET	day	NOUN	 day
Chrono Trigger was also ported to mobile phones, Virtual Console, the PlayStation Network, iOS devices, and Android devices. Chrono Trigger features standard role playing video game gameplay. The player controls the protagonist and his companions in the game's two dimensional fictional world,	,	PUNCT	consisting	VERB	 consisting
The first Jewish newspaper published in Cincinnati was the English language The Israelite, established on July 15, 1854. It was also among the first Jewish publications in the nation. It was founded by Rabbi Isaac Mayer Wise, who became known as the father of Reform	Reform	PROPN	Judaism	PROPN	 Judaism
Barry dissipated on June 2. In Florida, the rainfall resulted in slick roads, which caused two traffic related deaths, and a woman was killed after being injured by rough surf. An area of low pressure formed near the Bahamas on July 28 and gradually began	began	VERB	to	PART	 to
Brachiopods have a lophophore, a coiled, rigid cartilaginous internal apparatus adapted for filter feeding, a feature shared with two other major groups of marine invertebrates, the bryozoans and the phoronids. Brachiopod shells are often made of calcium phosphate as well as calcium carbonate, whereas	whereas	SCONJ	bivalve	ADJ	 bivalve
Each of these plates is flanked by a pair of mesenteries. The septa are secreted by the mesenteries, and are therefore added in the same order as the mesenteries are. As a result, septa of different ages are adjacent to one another, and the symmetry	symmetry	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
Unfortunately, the final script doesn ’ t seem to be a true horror story or the whimsical character study that it clearly wants to be, and so it fails to satisfy on either account. There are some great character moments, but it ’ s not enough	enough	ADJ	to	PART	 to
The NME also placed the track at number 33 in their single of the year list for 2000. Yahoo! Music described the track as a " playground free for all... frazzled and psychedelic ". Art Sperl, writing for Rock's Backpages in December 2000,	,	PUNCT	was	AUX	 was
Over oxidation of this cysteine residue in peroxiredoxins inactivates these enzymes, but this can be reversed by the action of sulfiredoxin. Peroxiredoxins seem to be important in antioxidant metabolism, as mice lacking peroxiredoxin 1 or 2 have shortened lifespan and suffer from hemolytic anaemia, while plants	plants	NOUN	use	VERB	 use
The battle was militarily insignificant, but had an enormous political impact. Travis had succeeded in buying time for the Convention of 1836, scheduled for March 1, to meet. If Santa Anna had not paused in Béxar for two weeks, he would have reached San	San	PROPN	Felipe	PROPN	 Felipe
For their support for the Church and local communities, as well as for their philanthropic efforts, Pope John Paul II referred to the Order as a " strong right arm of the Church. " In 2014, the Order gave over US $173 million directly to	to	ADP	charity	NOUN	 charity
She visited many schools, hospitals and gaols and encouraged both Indian and British colonial administrators to improve and fund these. She was particularly concerned that the lack of good female education led to a shortage of women teachers, nurses and prison attendants. The Mary Carpenter Hall	Hall	PROPN	at	ADP	 at
He contrasted the retro, fan made After the Sequel with Sega's efforts to create high quality 3D titles, lamenting that, fifteen years after the release of Sonic Adventure, Sega was " only now starting to get the hang of the third dimension. " John	John	PROPN	Polson	PROPN	 Polson
The Boangi and Likeli peoples were forcibly resettled closer to the post at Bosow and in 1903 Abir troops intervened to stop the emigration of the Lika people and villagers near Samba. To stop small scale emigration Abir instigated a permit system for people wishing to visit another village	village	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
He was tasked with conducting the ship's shakedown cruise, which lasted from 26 March to the middle of July. She officially joined the fleet on 12 July. The ship then departed for Asia, though Hipper left the ship and went on to command the I	I	PROPN	Torpedo	PROPN	 Torpedo
The offensive struggles continued into the second half with neither team scoring any points in the third quarter. In the fourth, the Crimson team took a 14 – 10 lead after Ha'Sean Clinton Dix recovered a Brian Vogler fumble and returned it 55 yards for a touchdown.	.	PUNCT	The	DET	 The
If Betelgeuse were at the center of the Solar System, its surface would extend past the asteroid belt, possibly to the orbit of Jupiter and beyond, wholly engulfing Mercury, Venus, Earth and Mars. Estimates of its mass are poorly constrained, but range from	from	ADP	5	NUM	 5
Pik Wan Road and Lin Tak Road were also built in 1992 to facilitate transport to newly built areas higher up Lam Tin Hill. Because it hangs off a precipice and carries only two lanes, Lin Tak Road was surrounded by both questions of convenience and concerns about	about	ADP	its	PRON	 its
The main camp was located at Castle Mountain, and was moved to Cave and Basin during winter. Much early infrastructure and road construction was done by men of various Slavic origins although Ukrainians constituted a majority of those held in Banff. Historical plaques and a statue erected	erected	VERB	by	ADP	 by
The album, her first studio release since 2004's It's About Time, was released by Island Records on May 16, 2006 in the United States. Unlike previous records, which had contributions from many producers, Milian wrote and produced So Amazin ' primarily with	with	ADP	hip	NOUN	 hip
Sony Computer Entertainment published The Last of Us on June 14, 2013 for the PlayStation 3. The three year development, led by studio Naughty Dog, was kept secret for the majority of development. In the game, players assume control of Joel, tasked with	with	ADP	escorting	VERB	 escorting
According to the sheet music published on Musicnotes.com by Sony / ATV Music Publishing, the song is written in the time signature of common time, and is composed in the key of C minor with a tempo of 131 beats per minute. Gaga's voice ranges from	from	ADP	the	DET	 the
Cinematics are used to show Samus ' memories to move the story forward and to keep the plot open for interpretation. Sakamoto claimed that this was intended to expand the original story while retaining some mystery. The game is the first Metroid game to let the player choose	choose	VERB	a	DET	 a
Dain and Jessica are instantly attracted to the other, though each seeks to hide their feelings. Dain has developed a hard, sarcastic personality; he is hostile to noblewomen, as he believes they care only for money. Jessica, a 27 year old beautiful,	,	PUNCT	strong	ADJ	 strong
By 1940, Leslie decided his prototype was ready to market, and went to the Hammond Organ Company to demonstrate it. Laurens Hammond, however, was not impressed with Leslie's attempt to better his own organ design, and declined to market it. The company	company	NOUN	even	ADV	 even
Teller made valuable contributions to bomb research, especially in the elucidation of the implosion mechanism. He was the first to propose the solid pit design that was eventually successful. This design became known as a " Christy pit ", after the physicist Robert F. Christy who	who	PRON	made	VERB	 made
Although contained within a single stage set, the production was lavish, with 300 men employed to manipulate the stage machinery. Follino's report described the set as " a wild rocky place in the midst of the waves, which in the furthest part of the prospect	prospect	NOUN	could	AUX	 could
It was initially thought that the depression would become a tropical storm before landfall but the winds failed to increase above 35 mph (55 km / h). The depression made a turn towards the north northwest and made landfall on July 7. It dissipated shortly after	after	ADP	landfall	NOUN	 landfall
S. Saraswathi of Rediff gave the film 3 stars out of 5 and concluded, " Velaiyilla Pattathari [sic] is two hours of pure entertainment, definitely worth a watch ". Haricharan Pudipeddi of IANS gave the film 3 stars out 5 and stated, " While	While	SCONJ	VIP	NOUN	 VIP
On June 18, 1913 a fire burned down most of the building, forcing a new building to be rebuilt. A new building was built over the destroyed one and was completed in 1914. Later additions were added in 1921, 1923 and 1939. In 1963	1963	NUM	it	PRON	 it
Although she had published in many fields, her expertise was in bankruptcy. In the field of bankruptcy and commercial law, only Douglas Baird of Chicago, Alan Schwartz of Yale, and Bob Scott of Columbia have citation rates comparable to that of Warren. In 1995	1995	NUM	,	PUNCT	,
Victoria disliked the trips; the constant round of public appearances made her tired and ill, and there was little time for her to rest. She objected on the grounds of the King's disapproval, but her mother dismissed his complaints as motivated by jealousy, and	and	CCONJ	forced	VERB	 forced
Only the Federal government has the authority to limit the powers of a tribal government, and a non Indian's consent is not needed (by contract or otherwise) to exercise its sovereignty, to the contrary, the tribe may set conditions and limits on the non	non	ADJ	Indian	PROPN	 Indian
Moss was twice widowed, most recently to General William Henry Ashley. Moss was Crittenden's wife until his death. Crittenden served as attorney general until the expiration of Fillmore's term in 1853. Following his service as attorney general, he returned to private life.	.	PUNCT	He	PRON	 He
The structure factor is a complex number containing information relating to both the amplitude and phase of a wave. In order to obtain an interpretable electron density map, both amplitude and phase must be known (an electron density map allows a crystallographer to build a starting model	model	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
During this time he met Florencio Varela and Domingo Faustino Sarmiento. During the 1848 revolution, San Martin left Paris and moved to Boulogne sur Mer, a small city in northern France. He was almost blind and had many health problems because of his advanced age,	,	PUNCT	but	CCONJ	 but
However, the pitch was slightly slower than others in the series, and Larwood was suffering from problems with his boots which reduced his effectiveness. Meanwhile, Woodfull was being encouraged to retaliate to the short pitched English attack, not least by members of his own side	side	NOUN	such	ADJ	 such
The house was looted and burned when the Royalist left and marched south towards Oxford; meeting parliamentary forces at the Battle of Naseby. Cavendish House was never repaired. The Cavendish family sold the abbey in 1733, at which point, with Cavendish House in ruins,	,	PUNCT	the	DET	 the
The magnetic field in the barrier reaches up to 40 nT. The magnetotail continues up to ten radiuses from the planet. It is the most active part of the Venusian magnetosphere. There are reconnection events and particle acceleration in the tail. The energies of electrons and ions	ions	NOUN	in	ADP	 in
Freuchen accompanied the production not only as an actor, but as an interpreter as well. The start of production is not clear. A commercial transport ship, the Victoria, took the cast and crew from Seattle, Washington, to Nome, Alaska. There,	,	PUNCT	the	DET	 the
The Royal Horse Artillery employed the 13 pounder, while the Royal Field Artillery used the 18 pounder gun. By 1918, the situation had changed; the artillery were the dominant force on the battlefield. Between 1914 and 1918, the Royal Field Artillery had increased from	from	ADP	45	NUM	 45
The Beau Brummels had taken their name from a term for an excessively well dressed person. The group liked that the name sounded British, and knew that following the Beatles so closely in the alphabet would likely result in the bands ' records being placed next to each	each	DET	other	ADJ	 other
The remnants of the powerful typhoon eventually dissipated on October 26. Thousands of people evacuated from northern areas of the Philippines as Ivan approached. Power was shut off prior to the storm to reduce the risk of electrocution. Four flights were cancelled in Taiwan, Hong Kong	Kong	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
" We needed someone to play keyboards for a song I did with Gavin Christopher. We called someone and he couldn't come, so by accident we stumbled on Ben. Ben came to the session, and he can't really play keyboards very well he's	's	AUX	really	ADV	 really
Rolling Stone critic Peter Travers gave Begin Again three out of four stars, praising the " subtle magic " of the lead actors ' performances and Carney's creation of " surreal, enchanting loveliness " without being overly sentimental. Ian Freer of Empire awarded the film four	four	NUM	out	ADP	 out
While carrying a Tellarite Ambassador to a conference on Babel One, the ship is diverted due to attacks on several nearby vessels. It is discovered to be a Romulan vessel which uses holograms to change its appearance. The attacks are explained in " The Aenar " as	as	ADP	being	AUX	 being
The video game Myst tells the story of a special book which serves as a link to a world known as Myst. Myst is the home of an explorer named Atrus, who lives on the island with his wife Catherine and two sons, Sirrus and Achenar.	.	PUNCT	An	DET	 An
Immigrating to the United States in 1885, he eventually settled in Palm Springs, California in 1903. With an extensive knowledge of the Sonoran Desert, Eytel traveled with author George Wharton James as he wrote the successful Wonders of the Colorado Desert, and contributed over 300	300	NUM	drawings	NOUN	 drawings
As NASA notes in its news article on the June 2010 findings: " To date, methane based life forms are only hypothetical. Scientists have not yet detected this form of life anywhere. " As the NASA statement also says: " some scientists believe these chemical	chemical	ADJ	signatures	NOUN	 signatures
" Enter Sandman " was acclaimed by critics. Chris True of Allmusic declared it " one of Metallica ’ s best moments " and a " burst of stadium level metal that, once away from the buildup intro, never lets up ". According to him,	,	PUNCT	the	DET	 the
In the book, Cochrane considers justice for animals to be " about recognising that the treatment of animals is a matter for political communities to enforce " and " recognising that the treatment of animals is something that political communities ought to enforce for the sake of animals themselves	themselves	PRON	"	PUNCT	 "
Only 500 ghilman under Bishara the Ikhshidid remained steadfast and held firm against the assault, while the Banu Kilab simply abandoned the fight and began looting the battlefield. At that point, a Kurdish rider, named Abu'l Hajar Ahmad ibn al Dahhak al Salil by Ibn al	al	PROPN	Athir	PROPN	 Athir
The proposal for US 666 would extend to Richfield via upgrades to State Route 95 and State Route 24. UDOT submitted the proposal for US 666 to AASHTO, which was rejected. AASHTO cited that the route was not direct, and SR 24 was not built to	to	ADP	U.S.	PROPN	 U.S.
The ceiling of the chancel consists of a stone lierne vault with almost 70 carved bosses dating from the 14th century. The eastern bosses depict the life of Mary and the western ones Christ's Passion and Resurrection. Over each choirstall is a carved wooden triple arched canopy	canopy	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
Red Dead Redemption (2010) inspired the team to add more vegetation to " break up the hard edges [and] straight lines " of the open world. The original version's vegetation was replaced with more detailed equivalents in the enhanced version. An upgraded weather	weather	NOUN	system	NOUN	 system
Murray was later asked to account for his role in this adventure - but steadfastly claimed (as did Muselier) that he had no part in it. Nevertheless, in 1946 Murray was awarded the Legion d'Honneur by the Government of France, for " eminent services rendered	rendered	VERB	to	ADP	 to
The colony was formally called French Sudan from 1890 until 1899 and then again from 1921 until 1958, and had a variety of different names over the course of its existence. The colony was initially established largely as a military project led by French troops, but in	in	ADP	the	DET	 the
An athletic all rounder with devastating bowling analyses, he was regarded as one of the finest young cricketers in England. Returning to Victoria in 1856, Wills achieved Australia wide stardom as a cricketer, captaining the Victorian team to repeated victories in intercolonial matches. He played	played	VERB	for	ADP	 for
MythBusters also pointed out that conventional weaponry, such as flaming arrows or bolts from a catapult, would have been a far easier way of setting a ship on fire at short distances. In December 2010, MythBusters again looked at the heat ray story in a special	special	ADJ	edition	NOUN	 edition
The stunt also commemorated the 75th anniversary of the incandescent light bulb. Pennsylvania steam locomotive 1361 was placed at the park inside the Horseshoe Curve on June 8, 1957. It is one of 425 K4s class engines, the principal passenger locomotives on the Pennsylvania Railroad that	that	PRON	regularly	ADV	 regularly
Empire magazine ranked The X Files ninth best TV show in history, further claiming that the best episode was the third season entry " Jose Chung's From Outer Space ". According to The Guardian, MediaDNA research discovered that The X Files was on top of the	the	DET	list	NOUN	 list
Parts of the Outer Banks received 2 – 5 inches (50 – 125 mm) of rain and winds of up to 50 mph (80 km / h), and the Coast Guard station at Cape Hatteras reported a wind gust of 78 mph (125 km	km	NOUN	/	SYM	 /
Both factions, with groups aiming at major supremacy, collaborated with the corresponding political forces in Russia, deepening the split in the nation. As a consequence of the unbalanced social development and the labour movement's continuous position in the political opposition, the Social Democratic Party	Party	PROPN	had	AUX	 had
NY 36 was extended again, this time southwestward to Andover, in the early 1940s, but was realigned just a decade later to continue southeast from Hornell to the Pennsylvania state line. NY 36 begins at the Pennsylvania state line in Troupsburg, where it continues south	south	ADV	into	ADP	 into
In 1865 Spruyt was declared insolvent, and he subsequently moved back to the Transvaal. Here the government of the South African Republic appointed him State Secretary in November 1866 on the advice of State President Pretorius. This appointment lasted till 1869. In 1870 Spruyt returned to	to	ADP	the	DET	 the
Roberts scored 53 points in 1999 – 2000 before leaving Carolina as a free agent. Returning to Canada, Roberts signed a three year contract with the Toronto Maple Leafs worth $8 million. He chose his hometown Maple Leafs because he felt they had a better opportunity	opportunity	NOUN	to	PART	 to
In the first days of his presidency, De la Rúa sent a bill to the Congress to request a federal intervention in Corrientes Province. The province had a high level of debt, and organizations of piqueteros blocked roads to make demonstrations. There were two interim governors	governors	NOUN	disputing	VERB	 disputing
The outside wall of the peridium, the ectoperidium, is covered with tufts of fungal hyphae that resembles shaggy, untidy hair. However, in older specimens this outer layer of hair (technically a tomentum) may be completely worn off. The internal wall of the	the	DET	cup	NOUN	 cup
Crush and other physical injuries cause damage to muscle cells directly or interfere with blood supply, while non physical causes interfere with muscle cell metabolism. When damaged, muscle tissue rapidly fills with fluid from the bloodstream, including sodium ions. The swelling itself may lead to	to	ADP	destruction	NOUN	 destruction
Edward was born and raised in a large stone house called " Fairfield ", whose location is now within the boundaries of Philadelphia. The 8 acres (3.2 ha) of pristine and exotic gardens of the house offered a landscape that Edward was able to explore.	.	PUNCT	The	DET	 The
The team was formed in August 1995 when Scott Antol signed a WCW contract and was placed with " tag team specialist " Marcus Alexander Bagwell. In the process, both men changed their ring names, Antol changing his last name to " Riggs " and Bagwell shortening	shortening	VERB	his	PRON	 his
The WFDB consists of independent diamond bourses in major cutting centers such as Tel Aviv, Antwerp, Johannesburg and other cities across the USA, Europe and Asia. In 2000, the WFDB and The International Diamond Manufacturers Association established the World Diamond Council to prevent the trading	trading	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
He further offered to halt shooting if Söderbaum became ill. Harlan later reported that Söderbaum was so upset by the entire affair that she considered fleeing back to her native Sweden to avoid having to play the part of Dorothea. In the end, however, she decided	decided	VERB	to	PART	 to
For example, the European Union has prescribed an indicative renewable energy target of 12 per cent of the total EU energy mix and 22 per cent of electricity consumption by 2010. National targets for individual EU Member States have also been set to meet the overall target.	.	PUNCT	Other	ADJ	 Other
In January 2010 it was announced that Sorensen had quit the role of Declan and the decision to recast was taken, with Mullally making his first on screen appearance on 3 May 2010. In October 2010, it was announced the character was to leave Neighbours and he	he	PRON	made	VERB	 made
The variable parts of an antibody are its V regions, and the constant part is its C region. The Ig monomer is a " Y " -shaped molecule that consists of four polypeptide chains; two identical heavy chains and two identical light chains connected by disulfide bonds	bonds	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
With the hurricane situated to the southwest of the Hawaiian Islands, Hurricane Hunters conducted several weather reconnaissance missions into the storm. On September 2, they found maximum surface winds of 125 mph (205 km / h) and a minimum barometric pressure of 957 mbar (	(	PUNCT	hPa	PROPN	hPa
In addition, 150 Australians served with the Balkan Air Force, principally in No. 148 Squadron RAF. This special duties squadron dropped men and supplies to guerrillas in Yugoslavia and attempted to supply the Polish Home Army during the Warsaw Uprising in 1944. While the majority	majority	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
The video was shot in July 1986 and was released in December 1986. It was produced by David Naylor. The video was nominated for three MTV Video Music Awards in 1987. In the Best Female Video category, " Open Your Heart " lost to another Madonna	Madonna	PROPN	video	NOUN	 video
Emulating his Russian idols, Berkman tried to make a bomb, but when that failed, he went to Pittsburgh with the plan to use a handgun. Arriving in Pittsburgh on July 14, Berkman sought out anarchists Henry Bauer and Carl Nold. They were followers of	of	ADP	Most	ADJ	 Most
Pongsona produced a storm surge of up to 6 m (20 ft) at some locations, with 3 – 4 m (9 – 13 ft) recorded near the eyewall. Considerable storm surge flooding occurred from Tumon southward to Piti, leaving some buildings on the	the	DET	west	PROPN	 west
Reviewers have also cited Iori as one of the best characters from the games, labeling him as a veteran character and praising his appearance as one of the best creations by SNK. A variety of collectibles based on Iori's likeness have been created, including key chains	chains	NOUN	and	CCONJ	 and
Close relatives of the human malaria parasites remain common in chimpanzees. Some evidence suggests that the P. falciparum malaria may have originated in gorillas. References to the unique periodic fevers of malaria are found throughout recorded history. Hippocrates described periodic fevers, labelling them tertian, quartan	quartan	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
... It seems likely what they're doing is putting a very cautious interpretation of strong data. " On 26 December 2013, a team of Russian scientists released a report saying they had found no trace of radioactive poisoning — a finding that comes after the French report	report	NOUN	found	VERB	 found
Eggs are laid about 14 days after mating. In the northern population, breeding takes place during the dry season between August and October. A floating nest composed of vegetation is made in a shallow water location such as in an overgrown channel, at the edge of	of	ADP	a	DET	 a
The alert advised included residents to " go to shelter immediately ". Localities elsewhere between Broome and Whim Creek were on Yellow Alert, while a Blue Alert was issued between Whim Creek and Dampier, to the west of the Yellow Alert area. Work at multiple oil	oil	NOUN	fields	NOUN	 fields
Such a demanding schedule, coupled with poor food and little sleep, likely doomed Juba to his early death. Playbills tell us, broadly, what Juba did during his performances. No known description of Juba's dancing by a contemporary was written by anyone of his	his	PRON	own	ADJ	 own
Their shells felt short and the two ships turned to port in pursuit, cutting in front of the battlecruiser HMS Lion, which was forced to turn away to avoid a collision. Shortly afterwards they spotted the disabled German light cruiser SMS Wiesbaden and closed to engage.	.	PUNCT	When	SCONJ	 When
WSDOT widened SR 18 to four lanes and added new interchanges between SR 167 and the Green River within Auburn. The Washington State Legislature briefly planned to toll the new SR 18 freeway in January 1995 to pay off loans for re construction, but the plan was protested	protested	VERB	by	ADP	 by
Shell broaches cost more initially, but save the cost overall if the broach must be replaced often because the pilots are on the mandrel and do not have to be reproduced with each replacement. Modular broaches are commonly used for large internal broaching applications. They are similar	similar	ADJ	to	PART	 to
Elwood began a large scale trial of aspirin as a preventive drug for heart attacks. Nicholas Laboratories agreed to provide aspirin tablets, and Elwood enlisted heart attack survivors in a double blind controlled study — heart attack survivors were statistically more likely to suffer a second attack,	,	PUNCT	greatly	ADV	 greatly
", a reference to the British singer. Brad Bird, an American director who has worked as executive consultant and director on The Simpsons, can briefly be seen in the crowd that complains to Mayor Quimby. One of the signs outside the citizenship exam reads "	"	PUNCT	Homer	PROPN	 Homer
In the general election against Democratic opponent Howard J. McMurray, McCarthy won 61.2% to Democrat McMurray's 37.3%, and thus joined Senator Wiley, whom he had challenged unsuccessfully two years earlier, in the Senate. Senator McCarthy's first three years in the Senate	Senate	PROPN	were	AUX	 were
There is an intersection with a local road, and the highway begins to turn to the northwest. The elevation along SR 313 fluctuates for several miles, until intersecting with Long Canyon Road. Long Canyon Road is a connector that heads through Long Canyon and intersects with	with	ADP	SR	PROPN	 SR
It has sold 800,000 copies as of May 2014. The Windows PC version has sold over 150,000 copies according to SteamSpy. It has received mixed reviews: while the main praise went to the game's battle system, opinions were more mixed for the graphics, time	time	NOUN	limit	NOUN	 limit
Since the nuclear pores are located in an area of high traffic, they play an important role in the physiology of cells. The space between the outer and inner membranes is called the perinuclear space and is joined with the lumen of the rough ER. The nuclear	nuclear	ADJ	envelope	NOUN	 envelope
For Murray, the episode was " saved " by its small touches, such as when Alice is finally convinced the ghost is not her husband when he mentions " the girls miss you ". In her 2011 book Into the Looking Glass: Exploring the Worlds of	of	ADP	Fringe	PROPN	 Fringe
West said in an interview that all of the album's songs had already been written and the title " Something to Say " had already been decided " months before I found out that I was going to have nothing to say. " The first radio single released	released	VERB	from	ADP	 from
ESPN, NBADraft.net, and DraftExpress.com projected him to be a possible mid to late second round selection. He worked out with the Washington Wizards, Phoenix Suns, Milwaukee Bucks, Charlotte Bobcats, and Indiana Pacers. Dave Te ' Thomas of CBS Sports said that Rolle	Rolle	PROPN	had	VERB	 had
On 12 May 1926, aboard the airship Norge with Lincoln Ellsworth and Umberto Nobile, Amundsen flew over the North Pole. He and Wisting, also on the airship, were the first men to see both poles. In 1928, while attempting to rescue a later	later	ADJ	Nobile	PROPN	 Nobile
" My film 10 is a couple of years old now, " explains Kiarostami to film students, " and today I'm not so fascinated by digital technology. [...] recently it has become clear to me just how few people actually know how to use	use	VERB	it	PRON	 it
The 1993 budget contained similar provisions, ruling out the possibility of an income tax, as suggested by one of Antigua's major trade unions. This was accompanied by a programme of fiscal reforms, including " expenditure control, improved revenue collection, external debt management,	,	PUNCT	proper	ADJ	 proper
The rest of Bruxner's parliamentary career was to be on the opposition benches, due largely to the disintegration of the larger opposition party, the UAP, after the 1943 Federal election. A large number of former UAP members then formed the Democratic Party in New South	South	PROPN	Wales	PROPN	 Wales
Following the match against Paris Saint Germain, he was demoted back to amateur level where he played concurrently with the reserve team in the fourth division and the under 18 team in the Coupe Gambardella. On 17 May 2008, he scored his first amateur goal in a	a	DET	3	NUM	 3
The Opel Ampera is eligible to several subsidies and tax breaks available for plug in electric vehicles in several European countries. In the UK, the Vauxhall Ampera starts at GB £37,250 (US $60,400 in May 2012) before discounting the GB £5,000 Plug in	in	ADP	Car	NOUN	 Car
The context that prompted McKellen's decision – overriding any concerns about a possible negative effect on his career – was that the controversial Section 28 of the Local Government Bill, known simply as Section 28, was then under consideration in the British Parliament. Section 28 proposed	proposed	VERB	prohibiting	VERB	 prohibiting
He later changed his stance on pacifism and joined the British Army, and as a 2Lt. of the 8th Royal Fusiliers died at Aprilia, between Anzio and Rome in Italy, on 18 February 1944, when Roger was five months old. On 19 February 2014	2014	NUM	,	PUNCT	,
This change was approved by the Highway Commission on August 19, 1952. On July 6, 1964, the Oklahoma State Highway Commission approved a realignment to US 59's route through Poteau. Another change, further north, was approved on March 4, 1968.	.	PUNCT	This	PRON	 This
It is only calculated for full advisories on tropical systems at or exceeding 39 mph (63 km / h), which is tropical storm strength. The first storm of the season formed early on July 22 about 200 miles (320 km) east of the island	island	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
The Mendip district was formed on 1 April 1974 under the Local Government Act 1972 and the district council is responsible for local planning and building control, local roads, council housing, environmental health, markets and fairs, refuse collection and recycling, cemeteries and crematoria,	,	PUNCT	leisure	NOUN	 leisure
Later in the year he also scored in victories over Norway and Ireland. He played in all four games of 1939, scoring against Scotland and Italy; the goal against Scotland secured a 2 – 1 win in front of 149,269 spectators at Hampden Park. Newly appointed	appointed	VERB	England	PROPN	 England
The standardisation measures undertaken by both Urie and Maunsell were soon vindicated by the fact that tenders and other parts were swapped with those of other classes on the Southern Railway when locomotives were under overhaul. The benefits gained by Maunsell's modifications showed in the improved performance of	of	ADP	the	DET	 the
Detention orders must be reviewed at least once every 12 months by an advisory board which thereafter makes its recommendation to the Minister. If an advisory board recommends the release of a detainee and the Minister disagrees, the President may exercise personal discretion to order the release.	.	PUNCT	The	DET	 The
In the last verse, Yankovic substitutes the term " penis " with euphemisms like " wiener " and " Mr. Happy ". Yankovic later joked that he " wanted to write a song about these people because [he didn't] think they're getting quite enough	enough	ADJ	media	NOUN	 media
He also carried out studies on education and on human behavior, in a social science tradition. Some of his views and theories made him a precursor of evolutionism in the natural and social sciences. In his essays on human nature, he declared for the primacy of	of	ADP	science	NOUN	 science
Woods also related how Hewett would chew on a toothpick, which he always had in his mouth when fielding, when his team was losing. As evidenced by the manner in which Hewett left Somerset and walked off during the Scarborough Festival of 1895, he possessed a	a	DET	short	ADJ	 short
On the June 16 episode of Raw, Cena defeated Kane in a stretcher match to qualify for the ladder match for the vacant WWE World Heavyweight Championship at Money in the Bank, where Cena won his 15th world championship. Cena then retained the title at Battleground in	in	ADP	a	DET	 a
" In 2005, Pitchfork Media ranked the album the 84th best of 2000 2004. Herren was overwhelmed with the positive reception the album received, exclaiming that " Most of it was so positive, but I'd also get a really strong reaction from people- some that	that	PRON	want	VERB	 want
Ruyl also translated Matthew in 1612 to Malay language (first Bible translation to non European language, only a year after King James Version was published), which was printed in the Netherlands in 1629. Then he translated Mark which was published in 1638. The government	government	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
Barry N. Malzberg (December 1968 – April 1969). Ted White (June 1969 – January 1979) Elinor Mavor (April 1979 – October 1980) The title changed multiple times, and was frequently inconsistently given between the cover, spine, indicia, and masthead	masthead	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
The science fictions of Shonku are presented as a diary discovered after the scientist had mysteriously disappeared. Ray also wrote a collection of nonsense verse named Today Bandha Ghorar Dim, which includes a translation of Lewis Carroll's " Jabberwocky ". He wrote a collection of humorous	humorous	ADJ	stories	NOUN	 stories
The only primordial elements rarer than thorium are thulium, lutetium, tantalum, and rhenium, the odd numbered elements just before the third peak of r process abundances around the heavy platinum group metals. However, on Earth, thorium is much more abundant: with an	an	DET	abundance	NOUN	 abundance
In 1919 the ground became the home of Manchester's oldest rugby club, Manchester Football Club. When Manchester F.C. moved in 1968 they were replaced briefly by Langworthy Juniors and then Salford City F.C., who still lease the ground today. As one of the largest open	open	ADJ	spaces	NOUN	 spaces
Sometimes entire stuffed birds were used to make hats. Numbers largely recovered early in the twentieth century mainly due to legislation and the work of conservation organizations. Although some Eurasian populations are stable, numbers in North America have fallen by more than 70% in the last	last	ADJ	40	NUM	 40
A ship with its main battery placed along the center of the ship can focus the same amount of fire to port or starboard during a broadside. This is juxtaposed against wing turrets, which had significant shortcomings: their location on the left or right of a ship	ship	NOUN	's	PART	's
He was promoted to lieutenant in January 1907 and in October 1913 began the three year officer training programme at the Prussian War Academy. However, Manstein only completed the first year of the programme, as when the First World War began in August 1914 all students of	of	ADP	the	DET	 the
" John R. Lott has argued that " gun control laws have failed to deliver as promised, " noting that the murder rate in Jamaica was lower before the introduction of stricter gun control: it rose from 11.5 to 19.5 per 100,000 between 1973 and 1977, and	and	CCONJ	reached	VERB	 reached
After two trials, the defendants were found not guilty in 1883. In his first year in office, Hayes was faced with the United States ' largest labor disturbance to date, the Great Railroad Strike of 1877. In order to make up for financial losses suffered	suffered	VERB	since	SCONJ	 since
The first intersection with another highway that US 412 comes to is with US 281 at Bouse Junction. East of here, US 412 skirts the northern edge of the Glass Mountains (also known as the Gloss Mountains), turning southeast before returning to a due east	east	NOUN	course	NOUN	 course
Having learned the truth about Dexter's identity, Arthur (John Lithgow) confronts Dexter (Michael C. Hall) at the police station, where nobody else knows Arthur is the Trinity Killer. He warns Dexter to leave him alone from now on. When he leaves	leaves	VERB	,	PUNCT	,
Two of the five movements, in the same hand that had copied the score of " Climbing over rocky mountain ", were found together with the surviving performance materials for Sullivan's 1864 ballet, L ' Île Enchantée. Another section was found in the material for	for	ADP	his	PRON	 his
The highway was later straightened in segments in the late 1950s by the Department of Highways before becoming SR 305 and being re codified in 1970. SR 305 was extended north to the newly built SR 3 freeway and east on the Seattle – Winslow Ferry to Seattle in	in	ADP	1994	NUM	 1994
Daniel Ricciardo produced a clean lap to qualify between the two Ferraris in fourth place, behind Sebastian Vettel. Behind them, Bottas edged out Daniil Kvyat for sixth, while the second Williams of Felipe Massa qualified eighth on the grid. Hamilton was delighted with his performance	performance	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
However, when club management heard of this change, they threatened to cancel the group's appearance if Ballard was replaced, as they saw Ballard's banter with her group mates as a major part of their act's success. As Ross became the focal point of	of	ADP	the	DET	 the
In his last years, he published a book on a topic of especial interest to him, The History of the Jews in the Latin Kingdom of Jerusalem, which examined the tightly knit isolated Jewish communities of the Levant, the Jewish philosophical feuds they engaged in,	,	PUNCT	and	CCONJ	 and
In 1954, the sitios of Mahaba, Angomon, Solocan, Kapanranan, and Yabawon were consolidated into the barangay known as Yabawon. As part of Romblon, Banton is classified under Type III of the Corona climatic classification system. This type of climate is described as	as	ADP	having	VERB	 having
" 14.Qc1 Here, Soltis writes that Black could maintain equality by keeping the symmetry: 14... Qc8 15.Bh6 Bh3. Instead, he plays to prove that White's queen is misplaced. 14... Rc8! 15.Bh6 Nd4! Threatening 16... Nxe2 +. 16.Nxd4 Bxh6	Bxh6	NOUN	17.Qxh6	PROPN	 17.Qxh6
The Glamis road opened in August 1958, and the road from Glamis to Palo Verde was under construction at that time; the part of the road that was already open was dedicated in October. In 1959, the rest of the current routing of SR 78 between	between	ADP	Brawley	PROPN	 Brawley
The windows still have their clear leaded glass but are now boarded up. There are no windows on the south side, which is the most exposed side. There is an empty bellcote on the roof at the west end of the nave. The entrance is also	also	ADV	at	ADP	 at
Due to her love for him, Otae willingly joins Gonbe despite being a pure soul. However, due to the punishment demons being overworked and Gonbe complaining to Enma, he is banished with his comrades and Otae back to the living world, where they get a	a	DET	chance	NOUN	 chance
The woman's husband is of a jealous nature and when Ellen gives him the money, he asks if it came from the other man. She hastily denies it, and says that her uncle was the one. The husband takes the money, and later finds	finds	VERB	that	SCONJ	 that
Gygax learned about H. G. Wells ' Little Wars book for play of military miniatures wargames and Fletcher Pratt's Naval Wargame book. Gygax later looked for innovative ways to generate random numbers, and he used not only common, six sided dice, but dice of all	all	DET	five	NUM	 five
GQ subsequently issued an apology. In 2007, she won a libel suit against Grazia magazine after it claimed that she had visited a diet doctor. She won another libel suit in 2009 against the British tabloid The Daily Mail after it printed that she had lied about	about	ADP	her	PRON	 her
Success instead came in the Inter Cities Fairs Cup, as Leeds knocked out Sarpsborg (Norway), Dynamo Dresden (East Germany), Sparta Prague (Czechoslovakia), Vitória (Portugal) and Liverpool to reach the final with Juventus (Italy). Bremner recovered	recovered	VERB	from	ADP	 from
The switch in positioning is made just east of the state line, where VT 346 crosses over the waterway. The route continues eastward, intersecting Indian Massacre Road, the continuation of CR 96, and crossing a Pan Am Railways owned railroad line on its way to	to	ADP	a	DET	 a
Whatever the case, the ecclesiastical activities of his immediate descendants, especially the foundations and endowments of Ragnall himself, reveal that the meic Somairle were not averse to such continental orders. During his career, Somairle waged war upon the Scots and perished in an invasion of	of	ADP	Scotland	PROPN	 Scotland
" It is also alleged that the real reason behind the Nazi denouncement was due to the high ranking members (i.e. Goebbels, again) who lived on those sections of the game board given the highest property values, and not wanting to be associated with a game	game	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
Other of Azazel's psychic children introduced in the episode were the heart stopping Lily, portrayed by Jessica Harmon, and the super strong Jake Talley, who is played in both episodes by Aldis Hodge. Actor Jim Beaver also guest starred in both parts as recurring character	character	NOUN	Bobby	PROPN	 Bobby
In a retrospective review for AllMusic, Erlewine — the website's senior editor — claimed that New York Dolls was a more quintessential proto punk album than any of the Stooges ' releases because of how it " plunders history while celebrating it, creating a sleazy urban mythology	mythology	NOUN	along	ADP	 along
Since the publication of Cullen's and Farson's books, other Ripper authors have argued that their theories are based solely on flawed circumstantial evidence, and have attempted to provide Druitt with alibis for the times of the murders. On 1 September, the day after the	the	DET	murder	NOUN	 murder
Drake pursues Lazarevic and then discovers the key to Shambhala, but the train they are traveling on explodes, leaving Drake stranded. Drake loses consciousness after finding the key (a Kīla) and awakens in a Tibetan village. Here, he finds Karl Schäfer, an	an	DET	SS	PROPN	 SS
In 2014, the Parties to the Convention for the Protection and Development of the Marine Environment of the Wider Caribbean Region (Cartagena Convention) included queen conch in Annex III of its Protocol Concerning Specially Protected Areas and Wildlife (SPAW Protocol). Species included in the	the	DET	Annex	PROPN	 Annex
Other passengers ripped the door of a nearby railway storeroom from its hinges, to serve as a makeshift stretcher. Huskisson was lifted onto the door, shaking his head and saying " Where is Mrs Huskisson? I have met my death, God forgive me. "	"	PUNCT	(	PUNCT	 (
Doyle imitated a didgeridoo by playing guitar with a wah wah pedal. Tony Catterall of The Canberra Times praised " Big Red Rock ", saying that it " suggests the huge expanse of the outback, then takes you [...] to the Aboriginal secrets [...	...	X	]	PUNCT	]
She is a vegetarian, feminist, environmentalist and a supporter of gay rights, and the Free Tibet movement. In a special Christmas message for the UK in 2004 Lisa showed her support for Cornish nationalism, even speaking the Cornish language to get her message across.	.	PUNCT	While	SCONJ	 While
The F 4N (updated F 4Bs) with smokeless engines and F 4J aerodynamic improvements started in 1972 under a U.S. Navy initiated refurbishment program called " Project Bee Line " with 228 converted by 1978. The F 4S model resulted from the refurbishment of 265 F 4Js	4Js	NUM	with	ADP	 with
His rapping ability has been noted as " polarizing ", and has contributed to him being named one of the most divisive rappers of his generation by multiple critics and media publications. The lyrical content that Drake is most known for is considered to be emotional or boastful	boastful	ADJ	.	PUNCT	.
However, owing to the same problems which plagued the release of the album (namely, Taylor's inability to promote it due to his hospitalization for drug addiction), the single's original release reached only No. 118 on US pop charts and failed to chart	chart	VERB	in	ADP	 in
Scarlett is widowed when Charles dies from a bout of pneumonia and measles while serving in the Confederate Army. Scarlett's mother sends her to the Hamilton home in Atlanta to cheer her up, although the O'Haras ' outspoken housemaid Mammy tells Scarlett she knows she is going	going	VERB	there	ADV	 there
Based on Tracy Letts's Pulitzer Prize winning play of the same name, Streep received positive reviews for her portrayal of the family's strong willed and contentious matriarch, who is suffering from oral cancer and an addiction to narcotics, and was subsequently nominated for another Golden	Golden	PROPN	Globe	PROPN	 Globe
Due to this, " Gangnam Style " soared from number 20 to number one on the October 20, 2012 chart. The song spent eight consecutive weeks atop the chart before being overtaken by Flo Rida's " I Cry ". After four weeks of his reign	reign	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
The Protomateria is eventually ripped from his body by Rosso the Crimson, leading to Vincent being unable to control Chaos. Eventually he confronts the Deepground leader, Weiss the Immaculate, who is possessed by the digitalized mind of Hojo. Hojo reveals that his plan is to	to	PART	awaken	VERB	 awaken
According to Muslim tradition, Muhammad's wife Khadija was the first to believe he was a prophet. She was followed by Muhammad's ten year old cousin Ali ibn Abi Talib, close friend Abu Bakr, and adopted son Zaid. Around 613, Muhammad began to	to	PART	preach	VERB	 preach
The RNLAF Apaches are equipped with the Apache Modular Aircraft Survivability Equipment (AMASE) self protection system to counter infrared (IR) missile threats. The RNLAF Apaches ' first deployment was in 2001 to Djibouti, Africa. They were also deployed alongside U.S. AH 64s in	in	ADP	support	NOUN	 support
Smith and Combs operated the newspaper until 1858, when they sold it to James Parsons; he in turn sold it to his younger brother William Miller Parsons in 1859. After a few months of ownership and experience, Parsons sold the newspaper to Alexander W. Monroe,	,	PUNCT	a	DET	 a
Cox sold his remaining interests to the Alloa Shipbuilding Company, (later Metal Industries Group) and retired as the " man who bought a navy ". The latter company went on to raise a further five cruisers, battlecruisers, and battleships, before the outbreak of	of	ADP	the	DET	 the
Calves are born precocial, needing to be able to swim to the surface at the moment of their birth. Most rorquals mate in warm waters in winter to give birth almost a year later. A 7 to 11 month lactation period is normally followed by a year	year	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
On her outward voyage in August 1913, Karluk, a brigantine formerly used as a whaler, became trapped in the Arctic ice while sailing to a rendezvous point at Herschel Island. After a long drift across the Beaufort and Chukchi seas, the ship was crushed and	and	CCONJ	sunk	VERB	 sunk
There are football teams in the valley including Chew Valley Football Club and Bishop Sutton F.C.. The rugby club is based next to the leisure centre. The Bishop Sutton Tennis club is the largest in the valley, and there is also a tennis club at East Harptree	Harptree	PROPN	.	PUNCT	.
Morris's article provoked a strong reaction from its readers; letters of support flooded into his home. Morris envisioned a character called Lex Christian, " a tough, fighting parson in the slums of the East End of London ", whose adventures would be told in	in	ADP	strip	PROPN	 strip
It was reported in a Japanese newspaper that he had lost all his money on the Yokohama silver exchange. From 1884 to 1885 Beato was the official photographer of the expeditionary forces led by Baron (later Viscount) G.J. Wolseley to Khartoum, Sudan, in relief of	of	ADP	General	PROPN	 General
A notice beneath the picture read: The ex Kaiser tried to force German Kultur on the world. This attempt cost millions of human lives. Mr. Montagu Norman is the British head of the international financial system which tried to impose the pre War gold parity on Britain	Britain	PROPN	.	PUNCT	.
" American scholar Deborah Burton contends that Franchetti gave it up simply because he saw little merit in it and could not feel the music in the play. Franchetti surrendered the rights in May 1895, and in August Puccini signed a contract to resume control of the project	project	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
Preceded by a two day bombardment that included support from naval vessels and Hawker Typhoons, the assault was designed to threaten Caen from the west and push back the 10th SS Panzer Division. This would secure the British Second Army an avenue for future offensives. The 43rd	43rd	ADJ	Wessex	PROPN	 Wessex
Implementing the deception operation did not go through entirely without incident. Initially the Soviets were kept in the dark about Egyptian intentions to go to war. Instead, on October 2, they were told that an Israeli raid was expected. Over the next two days the	the	DET	director	NOUN	 director
Associated Press contributor Gene Bright wrote a positive review of the album but was disappointed with James ' cover of " Miss You ", writing " the song just can't be slowed and manipulated with any success ". People magazine contributors felt that the motorcycle introduction was	was	AUX	unnecessary	ADJ	 unnecessary
When Jim picks up his things to leave for the day, he " accidentally " drops a piece of paper. Pam picks it up and sees Jim's personal winners and losers list: Pam, Cece and their new baby are on the left, and the	the	DET	words	NOUN	 words
Euridice takes this to be a sign that he no longer loves her, and refuses to continue, concluding that death would be preferable. She sings of her grief at Orfeo's supposed infidelity in the aria " Che fiero momento " / " Fortune ennemie " (	(	PUNCT	in	ADP	in
He is widely regarded as one of the greatest fast bowlers of all time. He also played top flight rugby league football with St. George, appearing in two grand finals for the club before retiring to fully concentrate on Test cricket. A right arm fast bowler of	of	ADP	express	ADJ	 express
Strong later claimed that Christopher Eccleston took a dislike to him, and outside of their scenes together the pair did not speak for the entire period that Our Friends in the North was filming. Among the supporting roles, one of the highest profile pieces of casting was	was	AUX	Malcolm	PROPN	 Malcolm
It was the most popular song from Amor Prohibido on Mexican radio. " No Me Queda Más " was the Song of the Year at the 1995 Broadcast Music Awards, while Vela received the Songwriter of the Year award in 1996. Its video was honored Music Video	Video	PROPN	of	ADP	 of
She established her reputation with her first novel, Cold Comfort Farm (1932), which won the literary Prix Femina Étranger and has been reprinted many times. Although she was active as a writer for half a century, none of her later 22 novels or other	other	ADJ	literary	ADJ	 literary
Freeman received numerous awards over his long career. In 1980, Freeman received the Burrows Award, the premier award of the Inorganic Chemistry Division of the RACI. He was also awarded the 1999 Leighton Memorial Medal which is " the RACI's most prestigious medal and is	is	AUX	awarded	VERB	 awarded
Returning features unique to this version include Special Smash, allowing for unique rules, Stage Builder and Photo mode, which allow players to create personalized stages and dioramas (with a compatible SD card), and demo versions of classic games in a " Masterpieces " gallery	gallery	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
The nearby town of Wentworth was an important river port from which wool was shipped to the coast, and as such there was a variety of traffic in the area. In the 1890s, irrigated farming greatly expanded in Sunraysia region which is known for its fruit production	production	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
Thirumavalavan, founder of the Dalit Panthers of India (DPI), and Dravidar Kazhagam's K. Veeramani. Other political figures influenced by Periyar were former Congress minister K. Kamaraj, former Chief Minister of Uttar Pradesh Mayawati. Periyar's life and teachings have also influenced writers	writers	NOUN	and	CCONJ	 and
Blum found his performance in the movie one of his most difficult from an emotional standpoint, as there were scenes where Spike was portrayed quite differently from the version he had been playing in the series. Spike's character has been well received in Japan. He won	won	VERB	first	ADJ	 first
Reuters reported that SWAPO demanded the right to establish bases in Namibia. The large size of the PLAN forces and the very small number of deployed UN forces (less than 1,000 at the time) meant that the UN had very little intelligence, and was unable to	to	PART	respond	VERB	 respond
But Trotter found another printer and continued publishing the Guardian despite the setback. In the early months of 1905, Booker T. Washington sought to create an umbrella organization to represent all the major African American leaders of the day. Du Bois and Grimké were the two most	most	ADV	radical	ADJ	 radical
From 1880 Māori MPs in parliament were keen that Māori should be taught in English rather than Māori. At that time missionary schools still taught Māori. This trend was further enforced by the Young Maori Party of the early 20th century which consisted of highly qualified Western educated	educated	VERB	Māori	PROPN	 Māori
On 5 March 1940, pursuant to a note to Joseph Stalin from Beria, six members of the Soviet Politburo — Stalin, Vyacheslav Molotov, Lazar Kaganovich, Kliment Voroshilov, Anastas Mikoyan, and Mikhail Kalinin — signed an order to execute 25,700 Polish " nationalists and	and	CCONJ	counterrevolutionaries	NOUN	 counterrevolutionaries
These dams and reservoirs limit the recovery of upriver salmon runs to Idaho's Salmon and Clearwater rivers. Historically, the Snake produced over 1.5 million spring and summer Chinook salmon, a number that has dwindled to several thousand in recent years. Idaho Power Company's Hells	Hells	PROPN	Canyon	PROPN	 Canyon
It's now my favorite song on the record. Crappy relationships [make for] a good song. " " Behind These Hazel Eyes " was written by Clarkson, Max Martin, and Dr. Luke and was produced by the latter two. According to the sheet	sheet	NOUN	music	NOUN	 music
Aware of a Death Note — a book that allows anyone to murder individuals just by knowing their faces and names — in Japanese police's possession, Mello abducts its director; Kira, however, kills the director. Afterwards, Mello proceeds to kidnap Sayu Yagami,	,	PUNCT	the	DET	 the
Once you're up around the 190s, what's two miles an hour? I don't see what the big deal is. The speed average is up because the corner speed remains better with the new asphalt. As far as running in a straight line,	,	PUNCT	we	PRON	 we
The breeding range includes the United States and Canada east of the Rocky Mountains, but has been occasionally spotted West of the Rockies. The increase in trees throughout the Great Plains during the past century due to fire suppression and tree planting facilitated a westward range expansion of	of	ADP	the	DET	 the
Between 1989 and 1992, he was an editorial adviser to the Nigerian Medical Journal and in 1997, he became a member of editorial board of the Nigerian Journal of Medicine. He is currently serving as a member of oncology clinical reviews. He his also a member	member	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
After failing to locate Cortés, the Alvarados returned to Guatemala. In 1525 Pedro de Alvarado sent a small company to conquer Mixco Viejo (Chinautla Viejo), the capital of the Poqomam. The Spanish attempted an approach through a narrow pass but were forced back with	with	ADP	heavy	ADJ	 heavy
They all sat until a female teacher voice started calling their names. After the teacher called Spears, she emerged at the top of the staircase in a cloud of smoke, wearing a top and white stretch pants, to perform a short dance mix of "...	...	PUNCT	Baby	NOUN	 Baby
The only way to " cure " the Arab nations was, according to Aflaq, through a revolutionary movement. Aflaq was influenced by Marxism in that he saw the need for a vanguard party to rule the Arab Nation for an indefinite period of time (the period	period	NOUN	would	AUX	 would
A revamped version of Tyrant also existed in Resident Evil 5 during the game's development, but not in the finished product. Tyrants have been consistently depicted as grotesque and brutally violent creatures, but their intelligence has varied. The first two Tyrants in Resident Evil Zero	Zero	PROPN	and	CCONJ	 and
Genetic and morphological differences seem to suggest that they are cryptic species, but there is still debate whether these merit full species status or should be regarded as subspecies of previously identified, " core " species. Both brown lemurs and mouse lemurs were initially divided into a	a	DET	small	ADJ	 small
She enjoyed her visit, and was impressed with the unusual combinations of foods that worked together saying " the sheer expertise of taking a food with a range of flavours, and knowing it's in peak condition to meet four others... it really is something ".	.	PUNCT	John	PROPN	 John
The ship was sent to the Malta Dockyard under sail for repair, but they could only make temporary repairs that would enable her to reach home. Upon arrival at Plymouth, Lord Clyde was paid off and a new engine was built for her at Devonport Dockyard.	.	PUNCT	In	ADP	 In
His steals established a then professional baseball single season record, surpassing the previous minor league mark of 116 set by Allan Lewis in 1966, as well as Lou Brock's major league record of 118 in 1974. Wiggins caught the eye of San Diego Padres general manager	manager	NOUN	Jack	PROPN	 Jack
She was built by the American William Cramp and Sons because Russian shipyards were already at full capacity. Named after a Swedish ship of the line that was captured during the battle of Vyborg Bay in 1790 (Swedish: Rättvisan, meaning both fairness and justice),	,	PUNCT	Retvizan	PROPN	 Retvizan
Both groups of Warriors travel the split world in search of each other. As they travel, they retrieve the fragments of the crystal, which grant them new abilities and gradually cause the world to reform. They also encounter the Avalon Empire and their four Generals:	:	PUNCT	Vata	PROPN	 Vata
Before the outbreak of war, the USAAF had planned to bomb Japan from Wake Island, Guam, the Philippines and coastal areas in China. However, these areas were rapidly captured by Japanese forces, and the USAAF heavy bomber force in the Philippines was largely destroyed	destroyed	VERB	when	SCONJ	 when
Two months later, without referring directly to these remarks, Judge of Appeal V.K. Rajah wrote in a judgment that such comments could undermine confidence in the courts ' verdicts and the criminal justice system, which was based on the doctrine of the presumption of innocence. The	The	DET	Minister	PROPN	 Minister
Many of those who survived (monks and common people) this onslaught by the Chinese fled to India, under severe winter weather conditions, across the Himalayas. Following this mass exodus of people from Tibet (including, a few hundred Sera Jey lamas, geshes and	and	CCONJ	monks	NOUN	 monks
From November 1914 to August 1915, Andranik took part in the Caucasus Campaign as the head commander of the first Armenian battalion of about 1,200 volunteers within the Imperial Russian Army. Andranik's battalion particularly stood out at the Battle of Dilman in April 1915. By the	the	DET	victory	NOUN	 victory
The relationship between the town and college were strong enough that the citizens of Washington offered a $50,000 donation in 1869 to the college in a successful attempt to lure the Washington & Jefferson College trustees to select Washington over nearby Canonsburg as the consolidated location of the college	college	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
These involved rules ending a game in extra time early, either when the first goal in extra time was scored (golden goal), or if one team held a lead at the end of the first period of extra time (silver goal). Golden goal	goal	NOUN	was	AUX	 was
The ELR was released to retail customers in the U.S. in December 2013. Volt MPV5 At the 2010 Auto China show General Motors unveiled the Chevrolet Volt MPV5 Concept. The Volt MPV5 is a plug in crossover hybrid and has a top speed of 100 mph (160	160	NUM	km	NOUN	 km
Rather, Jovanović depicts all the town's inhabitants intermingling with ease. Such a depiction was intended to counter claims of animosity between the locals, despite a past marred by inter ethnic and inter religious violence. Filipovitch Robinson describes the painting as an optimistic work and draws	draws	VERB	parallels	NOUN	 parallels
This was Metallica's second gig. Metallica recorded its first demo, Power Metal, a name inspired by Quintana's early business cards in early 1982. The term " thrash metal " was coined by Kerrang! ' s journalist Malcolm Dome in reference to Anthrax's	's	PART	song	NOUN	 song
The city of Charleston, South Carolina is credited with beginning the modern day historic districts movement. In 1931 Charleston enacted an ordinance which designated an " Old and Historic District " administered by a Board of Architectural Review. Charleston's early ordinance reflected the strong protection that	that	SCONJ	local	ADJ	 local
The selenium cell was used in the photophone developed by Alexander Graham Bell in 1879. Selenium transmits an electric current proportional to the amount of light falling on its surface. This phenomenon was used in the design of light meters and similar devices. Selenium's semiconductor properties	properties	NOUN	found	VERB	 found
The performances were reviewed favorably for the most part, the notable exception being Toby Keith's " Red Solo Cup ", which was given a mixed reception. The episode as a whole was also given a mixed reception, with some reviewers criticizing the ease and rapidity	rapidity	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
All of the appointed voting directors serve one-, two-, or three year terms and one year terms thereafter, as determined by the university president. Other voting directors are elected by majority votes of present voting directors and serve three year terms and may be re elected	elected	VERB	for	ADP	 for
As Nico arrives to congratulate him, Petra dying from the dragon's death, George tosses the sword into the floodwaters, as the pair wonder how things will be in the future. Revolution first discussed the idea for the game in 2000. At first, The	The	DET	Sleeping	PROPN	 Sleeping
Later still, the poet Alfred Tennyson left his own tribute on the flyleaf of a copy of Bewick's History of British Birds found in Lord Ravenscroft's library: A gate and field half ploughed, A solitary cow, A child with a broken slate, And	And	CCONJ	a	DET	 a
Morrowind's soundtrack was composed by Jeremy Soule, a video game composer whose previous soundtracks for Total Annihilation and Icewind Dale had earned some acclaim from the gaming press. In a Bethesda press release, Soule stated that the " epic quality " of the Elder Scrolls series	series	NOUN	was	AUX	 was
Some essays are directed to describing the best sights in the area, such as " Flowery January in Florida ", " Picnicking up Julington ", " The Grand Tour up River ", and " St. Augustine ". A more personal touch is included in chapters	chapters	NOUN	entitled	VERB	 entitled
It was subsequently disbanded in August 1946. The 26th Battalion was originally raised in April 1915 as part of the all volunteer Australian Imperial Force (AIF). Drawing recruits from Tasmania and Queensland, the battalion concentrated at Enoggera, Queensland, where it formed part of	of	ADP	the	DET	 the
Following the spill, Alyeska created a rapid response force that is paid for by the oil companies, including ExxonMobil, which was found liable for the spill. An explosion on July 8, 1977, Pump Station No. 8, killed one worker, injured five	five	NUM	others	NOUN	 others
In early 1912, most of the fleet had withdrawn to Italy for repairs and refit, leaving only a small force of cruisers and light craft to patrol the North African coast. In March 1914, Regina Elena was involved in experiments with wireless telegraphy in Syracuse,	,	PUNCT	Sicily	PROPN	 Sicily
Another study, performed at the Myakka City Lemur Reserve, suggests that this species along with several other closely related lemur species understand simple arithmetic operations. Since tool use is considered to be a key feature of primate intelligence, the apparent lack of this behavior in wild	wild	ADJ	lemurs	NOUN	 lemurs
The $1.3 billion Center opened to the public on December 16, 1997 and is well known for its architecture, gardens, and views overlooking Los Angeles. The Center sits atop a hill connected to a visitors ' parking garage at the bottom of the hill by	by	ADP	a	DET	 a
Nazi propaganda often used Kaufman's pamphlet as a justification for the persecution of Jews. When the Nazis required German Jews to wear a yellow badge on their clothing on September 1, 1941, they published a flyer explaining to the German people that those individuals wearing the	the	DET	star	NOUN	 star
Near the end of her 22 month pregnancy, veterinarians discovered that the calf was dead. Ruby's uterus had ruptured, and the calf had slipped out and into Ruby's abdomen. Due to complications during the surgery to remove the 320 pound fetus, Ruby had	had	VERB	to	PART	 to
By 2005 and 2006, McCain was pushing for amendments to the Indian Gaming Regulatory Act that would limit creation of off reservation casinos, as well as limiting the movement of tribes across state lines to build casinos. Owing to his time as a POW, McCain has	has	AUX	been	AUX	 been
Downtown Dayton is also a large area that encompasses several neighborhoods itself, and has seen a recent uplift and revival. Dayton's suburbs with a population of 10,000 or more include Beavercreek, Centerville, Clayton, Englewood, Fairborn, Harrison Township, Huber Heights, Kettering	Kettering	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
After initially moving eastward, a ridge turned it to the west, and on March 7, the system crossed 90° E into the south west Indian Ocean as a developing tropical depression. The next day, MFR upgraded it to Tropical Storm Litanne. For much	much	ADJ	of	ADP	 of
Scully meets with Frank Briggs, the detective who investigated Tooms ' 1933 murders. Briggs claims that the body of one of the victims from that spree was never discovered. Scully and Briggs visit a chemical plant where a piece of the victim's liver was found,	,	PUNCT	ultimately	ADV	 ultimately
Licensed to Bristol, Virginia, the station serves the twin cities of Bristol in Virginia and in Tennessee. The Birthplace of Country Music owns and operates WBCM LP. The station, a working exhibit inside of the museum, went on the air for the first time	time	NOUN	in	ADP	 in
The two German battlecruisers were stationed in the Mediterranean Sea and were attempting to break out of the strait of Messina, which was surrounded by British troops and vessels, and make their way to Turkey. After the Germans successfully escaped the strait, the Austro Hungarian Navy	Navy	PROPN	was	AUX	 was
They were auctioned off in Los Angeles for $6,000 (£3,700). Hitchcock's notebooks were also found which documented his journey to Obergurgl, by train, horse and cart, and by foot. Both The Pleasure Garden and The Mountain Eagle were produced in	in	ADP	co	PROPN	 co
The present track is now 600 mm (1 ft 11 5 ⁄ 8 in) narrow gauge. Following the opening of the Devon and Somerset Railway to Barnstaple, there were calls for an extension to serve the twin villages of Lynton and Lynmouth, which were popular	popular	ADJ	with	ADP	 with
Their mission was to secure the left flank of the invasion zone, by occupying and dominating the high ground between the River Orne and the River Dives. Despite the parachute troops being widely scattered, they managed to complete all of their objectives. After six days of	of	ADP	counter	NOUN	 counter
In the Mediterranean, they are strongly associated with schools of frigate mackerel (Auxis rochei), suggesting that these sharks follow concentrations of their prey from place to place. It is said that the bigeye thresher uses its long tail to smack down birds. Like other	other	ADJ	mackerel	PROPN	 mackerel
In June of that year, a shed to house cricket equipment was constructed at the cost of £13 / 10s. It was soon decided that there was a need for more " wholesome " surroundings, and it was generally accepted that south Tonbridge would be more	more	ADV	suitable	ADJ	 suitable
Rochester Castle was torpedoed but escaped at 13 knots (15 mph) and caught up with the main body by 05: 30, by when Charybdis, Eskimo and Somali had arrived, increasing the escort to two cruisers and seven destroyers escorting Rochester Castle, Waimarama and	and	CCONJ	Melbourne	PROPN	 Melbourne
Drivers in Alaska can drive up to 15 hours within a 20 hour period. Drivers in Hawaii are not required to maintain log books, provided their employer keeps an accurate record of their driving time. Drivers in California are allowed up to 12 driving hours and 16	16	NUM	on	ADP	 on
After a 65 yard run by Bush, White scored for the Trojans, who missed on a two – point conversion attempt. A Danelo field goal gave the Trojans a 50 – 42 lead, and the Trojans won after intercepting Pinegar with a minute left in the	the	DET	game	NOUN	 game
Children aged between seven and fourteen were able to vote for their favourite television show from a choice also featuring Blue Peter, Dani's House, Newsround, Prank Patrol, The Sarah Jane Adventures, Hannah Montana, Phineas & Ferb, iCarly, and SpongeBob SquarePants.	.	PUNCT	The	DET	 The
The production of S. spraguei fruit bodies averaged about one per square meter, without much variance during the four year study period. The mushrooms appeared mostly from August to November, tended to grow in clumps, and the spatial distribution of clumps was random — the location	location	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
These guiding principles lasted throughout his career. He was president of the University Musical Club for the year 1910, but his interests were not wholly confined to music: he was a keen rower, stroking his college boat at Henley, and all his life he remained	remained	VERB	a	DET	 a
A third and final amendment was passed in May 1912 represented a compromise between Tirpitz and moderates in parliament. The amendment authorized three new battleships and two light cruisers. The amendment called for the High Seas Fleet to be equipped with three squadrons of eight battleships each,	,	PUNCT	one	NUM	 one
The stained glass window of the chapel, with the Spencer crest, dates to 1588, and was brought to Althorp from Wormleigton. The organ on the other hand is far more recent, acquired from the parish of Meriden in the 1990s. A number of earlier	earlier	ADJ	occupants	NOUN	 occupants
Kirk Miller of Rolling Stone said that " ' My Immortal ' lets Lee wail about her personal demons over simple piano and some symphonic dressings — it's a power ballad that P.O.D. and Tori Amos fans could both appreciate. " Chris Harris of the same publication found	found	VERB	it	PRON	 it
Recent measurements of the cosmic background radiation have resulted in the first evidence for this scenario. However, there is a bewildering variety of possible inflationary scenarios, which can not be restricted by current observations. An even larger question is the physics of the earliest universe,	,	PUNCT	prior	ADV	 prior
In her fourth autobiography, The Heart of a Woman, she downplays her singing career and assigns little importance to Miss Calypso. In 1995, the album was re released as a CD during a period of customer interest in 1950s exotica. Its artistry was re examined	examined	VERB	in	ADP	 in
In Leipzig, he supplied a simple four part setting. The original autograph parts are kept in the Bach Archiv Leipzig. They were copied from the lost autograph score by six scribes, four of them known by name, including the composer. A manuscript score by	by	ADP	Franz	PROPN	 Franz
It ’ s not quite as wonderful an episode as its immediate predecessor, but it ’ s strong nonetheless. Much of the humor comes from Homer ’ s newfound power and abuse of it. If nothing else, it ’ s a great program due to Homer	Homer	PROPN	’	PUNCT	 ’
They were thus left to fight as individuals without direction. More dangerously, by stopping Re d'Italia, he allowed a significant gap to open up between Vacca's three ships and the rest of the fleet. Principe di Carignano opened fire first at 10: 43,	,	PUNCT	at	ADP	 at
After much discussion with the other senior commanders, Eisenhower decided that the invasion should go ahead on the 6th. A major storm battered the Normandy coast from 19 to 22 June, which would have made the beach landings impossible. Allied control of the Atlantic meant German	German	ADJ	meteorologists	NOUN	 meteorologists
Green lauded Naylor for her " excellent portrayal of Marty's introspection and superb storytelling in the area's vernacular ". The Booklist's Ellen Mandel extolled the novel for its " moving and powerful look " at the virtues and vices of human nature and the murky moral	moral	ADJ	choices	NOUN	 choices
It houses nearly 235 sick and elderly and provides residential, rehabilitation, and day care services. The home is open to all regardless of age, gender, race or religion. It regularly organises in house activities such as cooking, hand craft, karaoke, and	and	CCONJ	games	NOUN	 games
An armed resistance movement of ' forest brothers ' was active until the mass deportations. A total of 30,000 participated or supported the movement; 2,000 were killed. The Soviet authorities fighting the forest brothers suffered also hundreds of deaths. Among those killed on both sides were	were	AUX	innocent	ADJ	 innocent
Clearly in the novel, this is not the case, however throughout, the reader witnesses the Garcia family assimilate into American society. Although their Hispanic roots are reflected in their personalities, it is evident that the stories which focus on the four daughters depict many problems	problems	NOUN	that	PRON	 that
The same month, the Bidens ' daughter Ashley, a social worker and staffer at the Delaware Department of Services for Children, Youth, and Their Families, was married. In the 2012 U.S. presidential election, in which her husband was running for re election as	as	ADP	vice	NOUN	 vice
NIU President John G. Peters said that he had " a very good academic record, no record of trouble. " Kazmierczak was Vice President of the NIU chapter of the American Correctional Association; he had also written about the U.S. correctional system, specifically prisons. In	In	ADP	2006	NUM	 2006
Giving chase Braham found himself under attack by a Bf 109 — his presence clearly detected by German radar. His Mosquito was hit in the port wing and the fuel line were ruptured. The Bf 109 then disappeared. Ignoring the damage he closed on the Fw 190	190	NUM	.	PUNCT	.
Al MacInnis scored on the play as the Kings vehemently protested the goal should have been disallowed because Murray was on the ice. The goal stood and ended up the winning goal in an 8 – 3 victory. The Chicago Blackhawks were the Flames ' opponents in the	the	DET	Campbell	PROPN	 Campbell
When Mortimer called a parliament to make his new powers and estates permanent with the title of Earl of March in 1328, Henry led the opposition and held a counter meeting. In response, Mortimer ravaged the lands of Lancaster and checked the revolt. Edward III was	was	AUX	able	ADJ	 able
With similar properties and lower cost than rhodium, electric contacts are a major use of ruthenium. The plate is applied to the base by electroplating or sputtering. Ruthenium dioxide with lead and bismuth ruthenates are used in thick film chip resistors. These two electronic applications account	account	VERB	for	ADP	 for
The idea was conceived to answer the question, " What is the largest space colony that can be built? " However, most of the volume is not habitable and there is no power source. Theoretically, any gas giant could be enclosed in a solid shell	shell	NOUN	;	PUNCT	;
After studying at Konstfack, Stockholm in 1906 and at the Konstnärsförbundet målarskola (the Artists Association Art School), Jolin and his friend Isaac Grünewald went to Paris for further studies at Henri Matisse's academy from 1908 to 1914. He painted portraits, still lifes and	and	CCONJ	cityscapes	NOUN	 cityscapes
The song also peaked at number sixty two on Billboard's Digital Songs chart on July 11, 2009. The song re entered the United Kingdom Singles Chart on July 4, charting at number ninety seven. The following week the song charted at its peak position,	,	PUNCT	number	NOUN	 number
The opening scenes were filmed at the festival. Also starring as an older fellow traveller and sage was Larry (Bernard Hill). Weisz started her film career with a minor role in the 1994 film Death Machine, but her first major role came in the 1996	1996	NUM	film	NOUN	 film
It is named after the Hindu saint Baba Maneknath. Parts of Ahmedabad are known for their folk art. The artisans of Rangeela pol make tie dyed bandhinis, while the cobbler shops of Madhupura sell traditional mojdi (also known as mojri) footwear. Idols of Ganesha	Ganesha	PROPN	and	CCONJ	 and
In 1948, Moore won the International Sculpture Prize at the Venice Biennale. He turned down a knighthood in 1951 because he felt that the bestowal would lead to a perception of him as an establishment figure and that " such a title might tend to cut me off	off	ADP	from	ADP	 from
In 2016, it again retained its two star rating as one of five restaurants in the city with such a rating. The original plan was to have a partial opening of three of the hotel's floors on December 3, 2007, with a grand opening to	to	PART	follow	VERB	 follow
But still faced with heavy artillery and machine gun fire, by 16: 00 the regiment had only managed to advance five hundred yards (460 m) onto the lower slopes of Hill 3039. The position there was untenable and the regiment was forced to withdraw to	to	ADP	a	DET	 a
When the Hungarian Second Army was disbanded on 1 December 1944 due to a lack of equipment and personnel, the remaining units of the Second Army, including Bánáthy's, were transferred to the Third Army. The Siege of Budapest began when the city was encircled on	on	ADP	29	NUM	 29
Hobart was instrumental in securing the ratification of the Treaty of Paris, which ended the war; according to McKinley biographer H. Wayne Morgan, Hobart was " almost the president's alter ego, [turning] every screw with his legendary politeness ". One post which	which	PRON	Hobart	PROPN	 Hobart
She offered readers the first representation of a female genius. The masculinity, particularly the " energy and decisiveness ", that characterizes Mary is therefore portrayed positively and contrasted with the " passivity and sickliness " of the feminized Ann and Henry. It is Mary's "	"	PUNCT	strong	ADJ	 strong
However, the economic impact of the Korean War, which broke out in June 1950, led to budget cuts. The plans were cancelled, and Ziff Davis never revived the idea. Browne's interest in Amazing declined when the project to turn it into a slick	slick	ADJ	magazine	NOUN	 magazine
Bralirwa manufactures soft drink products from The Coca Cola Company, under license, including Coca Cola, Fanta, and Sprite, and a range of beers including Primus, Mützig, Amstel, and Turbo King. In 2009 a new brewery, Brasseries des Mille Collines (	(	PUNCT	BMC	PROPN	BMC
Lead white oil colour was the main white of oil painters until superseded by compounds containing zinc or titanium in the mid 20th century. It is speculated that the painter Caravaggio and possibly Francisco Goya and Vincent Van Gogh had lead poisoning due to overexposure or carelessness when handling	handling	VERB	this	DET	 this
Read by Kristoffer Tabori, the audiobook has 28 sides, each side having a unique style of introductory music that complements the atmosphere and plot of the saga. In 2003, the audiobook received an Audie Award in the " unabridged fiction " category. Some critics were	were	AUX	dissatisfied	ADJ	 dissatisfied
Prior to winning the 2009 city council election, Chin had run and lost in the Democratic Party primary election for the District 1 seat in 1991, 1993, and 2001. In a primary that had a small turn out, she won the Democratic nomination with 39	39	NUM	%	NOUN	%
The incident, in which he fell face first to the ice and had to be stretchered off the ice, renewed the debate over the place of fighting in hockey. McGrattan married his wife Michelle in 2012. His nickname is " Big Ern ", after the	the	DET	Bill	PROPN	 Bill
The soundtrack also contains the songs " Longing " and " Redemption " by Japanese musician and actor Gackt, and was released through the artist's ex label, Nippon Crown. The album contains a mix of orchestral and rock tracks, with some orchestral performances of slow	slow	ADJ	compositions	NOUN	 compositions
In September 2014, Hamasaki released two recut singles from Colours: " Terminal " and " XOXO " on the PlugAir platform. The single was released under Machine Shop Records for the American release. On October 18, 2014, Hamasaki performed as the closing act in	in	ADP	the	DET	 the
The " M " was considered a suitable replacement for the Etendard IV but the Aeronavale would only be able to purchase 60 instead of 100 aircraft. Furthermore, the Jaguar M was expensive, limiting the size of the force the French Navy could afford. In 1971	1971	NUM	,	PUNCT	,
More had received far less scholarly attention than Marbury. " The timing and the ground of decision may explain why historians of the battle over repeal have ignored More. " " In a doctrinal summary of constitutional law, More stands only for the proposition that an affirmative	affirmative	ADJ	grant	NOUN	 grant
On 14 June, Westenra staged a concert with RTÉ Concert Orchestra and David Brophy at National Concert Hall in Dublin. On 21 June, Westenra performed at Greek tenor Mario Frangoulis ' Boston Symphony Hall concert accompanying by Boston Pops Orchestra. On November, Westenra was a	a	DET	guest	NOUN	 guest
Shawn and Gus find a book written by Earl Wyndam; in Peaks, Windom Earle was a psychopathic ex FBI agent. The " Dual Spires enhanced " video at the Psych website lists further references to Twin Peaks. Shawn's name for Gus in this episode is	is	AUX	"	PUNCT	 "
He would test her ability to keep secrets by telling her that his life was in danger and she should tell no one. To increase her resistance to the cold, Day instructed Sabrina to wade into Stowe Pool until the water reached her neck, then lie in	in	ADP	the	DET	 the
Evaluated against the Douglas B 18 Bolo, it was found to be considerably more expensive than the rival aircraft, and despite the ordering of a small number of evaluation aircraft, only the prototype was ever built. North American Aviation's first twin engined military aircraft,	,	PUNCT	the	DET	 the
Burns, nicknamed " Oyster " because he sold shellfish in the off season, was described as a " loudmouth " and having " an irritating voice and personality ". Nevertheless, Burns led the Bridegrooms to an American Association championship in 1889 and a National League pennant	pennant	NOUN	in	ADP	 in
As such, the Calgary Stampede is known around the world. The Stampede draws foreign visitors primarily from the United States, the United Kingdom and Australia, and is experiencing growing attendance by tourists from Asia and South America. Stampede officials estimated in 2009 that the city	city	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
Wilson, after seeing an early screening of Dustbin Baby, said that it was the best film adaptation of any of her works. Haig said that the film was his favourite of his summer projects, saying " it was a terrific story and very touchingly done.	.	PUNCT	I	PRON	 I
Priyavrata set off to the cremation grounds with the corpse of his son. On his way, he saw a celestial woman dressed in white silk and jewels, riding in a heavenly chariot. She declared to Priyavrata that she was Devasena, the daughter of Brahma and	and	CCONJ	wife	NOUN	 wife
It is available for download only with no physical release, and as the servers are in Europe, the payment is listed in euros. On April 26, 2013, MangaGamer released an English translation of its sequel Tick! Tack!. Written by and illustrated by	by	ADP	Shiroi	PROPN	 Shiroi
Additionally, a collection of piano arrangements composed by Nobuo Uematsu and played by Toshiyuki Mori titled Piano Collections Final Fantasy IV was released by NTT Publishing. The music was overall well received; reviewers have praised the quality of the original composition despite the limitations of the medium	medium	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
Typically multiple word pairs across a number of categories, say 48 items divided equally into 8 categories, are used. Among several others, participants might study word pairs such as the following: METAL – iron TREE – birch METAL – silver TREE – elm A subset	subset	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
The nearly broke Manders is told to apply for the post of a nurse to an elderly invalid, who then reveals himself to be Raffles, who, as Manders describes, had " aged twenty years; he looked fifty at the very least. His hair was	was	AUX	white	ADJ	 white
While ministering at a Salvation Army church in Ohio in 1926, Hensley met Irene Klunzinger. He married her in 1927, although he was about 25 years her senior. After the wedding, they moved to Washingtonville, Ohio, near one of Hensley's brothers.	.	PUNCT	There	ADV	 There
Louis was welcomed by Eleanor's uncle Raymond of Poitiers. Raymond expected him to help defend against the Turks and to accompany him on an expedition against Aleppo, the Muslim city that was the gateway to Edessa, but Louis refused, preferring instead to finish his pilgrimage	pilgrimage	NOUN	to	ADP	 to
Voice over Internet Protocol (VoIP) allows data packets to be used for synchronous voice communications. The data packets are marked as voice type packets and can be prioritized by the network administrators so that the real time, synchronous conversation is less subject to contention with other	other	ADJ	types	NOUN	 types
These include 11 collections, which form a complete archive of the newspaper strips, except for a single daily strip from November 25, 1985. (The collections do contain a strip for this date, but it is not the same strip that appeared in some newspapers	newspapers	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
In 1964, construction began on I 70 from the western end of the existing highway to the Pennsylvania state line. This project happened concurrently with the construction of what is now I 68 west from I 70 to MD 144 west of Hancock; both projects were completed	completed	VERB	in	ADP	 in
Meanwhile, Vera was seen emerging from her den for the first time; her single cub, helpless at only four weeks old, appeared to be in good health. A couple of days after the media backlash that followed Vilma's missing cubs, Vera began displaying	displaying	VERB	strange	ADJ	 strange
Airey had the light cavalry engage in reconnaissance and screening while the rest of the force moved off the transports, and they were fully ashore by the 18th. On the 19th, they began marching to Sevastopol - still without the Heavy Brigade. The force reached the	the	DET	Bulganak	PROPN	 Bulganak
According to Bendis, this gives Miles cause to wonder if the traits that lead to criminal behavior are hardwired into his DNA, leading him to question whether he is essentially a good person or not, and what his future holds for him. These issues further haunt	haunt	VERB	Miles	PROPN	 Miles
" Dark Horse " made a strong impact as a single, authors Chip Madinger and Mark Easter write, reaching the US top 20 " with ease ". It then peaked at a relatively low number 15 on the Billboard Hot 100, however, on 11 January	January	PROPN	1975	NUM	 1975
The American alligator was first classified by French zoologist François Marie Daudin as Crocodilus mississipiensis in 1801. In 1807 Georges Cuvier created the genus Alligator; the American alligator shares this genus with the Chinese alligator. They are grouped in the family Alligatoridae with the caimans. The	The	DET	superfamily	ADJ	 superfamily
They used Field's family members and friends in the early years: former Cockroaches such as Field's brothers and Cockroach drummer Tony Henry (Wiggles character Henry the Octopus was named after him) for musical support; Field's nieces and nephews to perform in their inexpensive	inexpensive	ADJ	videos	NOUN	 videos
The park is once again a major centre of employment in Trafford, and its regeneration has led to a high start up rate for businesses and low rates of unemployment in the area. As of 2008, there were 1,400 companies within the park employing an estimated 35,000	35,000	NUM	people	NOUN	 people
Four decades later the battle was among the actions recognised by a clasp attached to the Naval General Service Medal, awarded upon application to all British participants still living in 1847. Amethyst had been severely damaged in the engagement and repairs took 71 days to complete at Plymouth	Plymouth	PROPN	.	PUNCT	.
The team never trailed in the contest. For averaging 23.0 points, 6.5 assists, 4.5 rebounds and 2.0 steals with only 1.0 turnover in the games against Binghamton and West Virginia, Burke earned Player of the Week on December 17. On December 20, the team	team	NOUN	became	VERB	 became
Lloyd represented the United States at the under 21 level before making the jump to the senior team at the age of 23. As a member of the under 21 team, she played at the Nordic Cup four times winning consecutive titles from 2002 to 2005 in Finland	Finland	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
Following the adjournment of the 2nd United States Congress, and the completion of his term in 1793, White retired from public life and went to his estate, " Woodville ", in Frederick County near Winchester. On May 18, 1795, White was appointed by	by	ADP	United	PROPN	 United
One of his flaws was his defective education; he was too proud to avoid exhibiting his ignorance. He was particularly noted for using Latin incorrectly, leading George III to say " My Lord... it would be well if you would stick to your good law and	and	CCONJ	leave	VERB	 leave
An eventful race saw a safety car period and several mistakes from both Mercedes drivers, leading to Hamilton and Rosberg finishing sixth and eighth, while the two Red Bull drivers scored the team's first podium positions of the season. As a result, Hamilton extended his	his	PRON	lead	NOUN	 lead
In the early 1950s, rock and roll, whose performers initially topped music hall bills, attracted a young audience who had little interest in the music hall acts while driving the older audience away. The final demise was competition from television, which grew very popular after	after	SCONJ	the	DET	 the
Maniakes and his army conducted a brutally successful campaign, but before it could be concluded he was recalled to Constantinople. Angered by a series of outrages against his wife and property by one of his rivals, he was proclaimed emperor by his troops, and led them	them	PRON	across	ADP	 across
After performing his song " Bawitdaba ", Kid Rock tells the audience that he is going to pour out forty gallons of malt liquor on the curb as a way of showing respect to his homies that could not make it to the concert. When Homer hears this	this	PRON	he	PRON	 he
Arranging a sleep environment that is quiet, very dark, and cool is recommended. Noises, light, and uncomfortable temperatures have been shown to disrupt continuous sleep. Other recommendations that are frequently made, though less studied, include selecting comfortable mattresses, bedding, and	and	CCONJ	pillows	NOUN	 pillows
Neither William nor the citation itself gives a date, but the letter has been assigned to Wilfrid's exile under Aldfrith in the 690s. During his stay in Mercia Wilfrid acted as bishop with the consent of King Æthelred. Information on Wilfrid's life at this time	time	NOUN	is	AUX	 is
In 1620 the Pilgrims established the English imperial venture of Plymouth Colony, beginning " a remarkable acceleration of permanent emigration from England " with over 60% of trans Atlantic English migrants settling in the New England Colonies. During the 17th century an estimated 350,000 English and Welsh	Welsh	PROPN	migrants	NOUN	 migrants
Heavy winds and rainfall knocked down billboards and trees in the capital, but no injuries were reported in the city. The storm dropped 10 inches (250 mm) of rainfall in Matamoros, flooding 120 colonias, and leaving six of the 120 underwater. About 400	400	NUM	neighborhoods	NOUN	 neighborhoods
Actress Robyn Lively, the half sister of Blake Lively, guest starred in " Reunion " as Kelsey Winthrop, a former classmate of Liz's. In this episode, Liz says the line " I want to go to there ", twice, which according to	to	ADP	series	NOUN	 series
Romeo (Daniel Tripett), Montague's only son, is depressed, wishing to fall in love with someone. His humorous friend, Mercutio (Chip Albers), urges him and another of his friends, Benvolio (Sam Gold), to go to a	a	DET	Capulet	PROPN	 Capulet
His subjects were varied and included the Mission San José de Tumacácori, in the Tumacácori National Historical Park near Nogales, Arizona (pre restoration), and California Mission San Gabriel Arcángel and Mission San Juan Capistrano Spanish missions. His drawings for Cone bearing Trees of the	the	DET	California	PROPN	 California
Romney campaigned intensively on economic issues and the burgeoning subprime mortgage crisis, while McCain attacked Romney regarding Iraq policy and benefited from endorsements from Florida officeholders. McCain won a 5 percentage point victory on January 29. Although many Republican officials were now lining up behind McCain,	,	PUNCT	Romney	PROPN	 Romney
They came away satisfied that he was actually imbibing and regurgitating the material and objects as claimed, but remained " mystified over his extraordinary performance. " According to an article appearing in the Naugatuck Daily News, " Physicians of three continents have puzzled over the gastronomical mechanism	mechanism	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
The Labour Party said that it had received letters from a small number of MPs asking why no nomination papers had been released. David Miliband continued to show his support for Brown in the face of the challenge in September, as did Business Secretary John Hutton, Environment	Environment	PROPN	Secretary	PROPN	 Secretary
It was also voted as one of Newsweek's favorite technology Web sites and rated in Yahoo! ' s Top 100 Web sites as the " Best Geek Hangout " (2001). The main antagonists in the 2004 novel Century Rain, by Alastair Reynolds – The	The	DET	Slashers	NOUN	 Slashers
Owen Lattimore concluded that the whole project relied upon military power to enforce agriculture on a land more suited for herding, resulting in " the anti historical paradox of attempting two mutually exclusive forms of development simultaneously " that was doomed to fail. In 202 BC, the	the	DET	former	ADJ	 former
His tutor was an Italian priest, Bernard. Nicholas, Archbishop of Esztergom, crowned the eight year old Emeric king on 16 May 1182, which confirmed Emeric's right to succeed his father. Emeric was betrothed to a daughter of Holy Roman Emperor Frederick I,	,	PUNCT	but	CCONJ	 but
John von Neumann consulted for the Army's Ballistic Research Laboratory, most notably on the ENIAC project, as a member of its Scientific Advisory Committee. The electronics of the new ENIAC ran at one sixth the speed, but this in no way degraded the ENIAC's	's	PART	performance	NOUN	 performance
The loss of Corfe by one of des Roches ' primary supporters would have weakened des Roches ' standing and power. In July Peter des Roches returned to England and in late July was instrumental in the clearing of Maulay from the charges of treason. Maulay was not	not	PART	given	VERB	 given
Moralists frowned on breaking the overnight fast too early, and members of the church and cultivated gentry avoided it. For practical reasons, breakfast was still eaten by working men, and was tolerated for young children, women, the elderly and the sick. Because the	the	DET	church	NOUN	 church
In his book The Technology Edge, published in 1983, O'Neill wrote about economic competition with Japan. He argued that the United States had to develop six industries to compete: microengineering, robotics, genetic engineering, magnetic flight, family aircraft, and space science.	.	PUNCT	He	PRON	 He
By 1086 he held 29 manors in Shropshire, along with other lands in Staffordshire and Warwickshire. When Roger's son Robert de Bellême became Earl of Shrewsbury in 1098, Pantulf was once more deprived of those lands he held as a vassal of the Earl. In	In	ADP	1102	NUM	 1102
The episode was directed by series regular Rainn Wilson, who portrays Dwight Schrute. This episode marked his third directing credit to the series, after the sixth season's " The Cover Up ", the seventh season's " Classy Christmas ". The episode marks the	the	DET	sixth	ADJ	 sixth
PBS expressed interest in obtaining the show. Although ABC asserted rights to the name " Our World, " Ellerbee said " We never liked that title to begin with " and stated that the name " Your World " was under consideration. Ellerbee planned to co produce	produce	VERB	the	DET	 the
The Missouri was the last of the four Iowa class battleships to be completed. She was ordered 12 June 1940, laid down 6 January 1941, launched 29 January 1944, and commissioned 11 June 1944. Missouri conducted her trials off New York with shakedown and battle	battle	NOUN	practice	NOUN	 practice
Produced on a budget of $4 million, the film was a massive success, finishing 1967 as the fourth highest grossing movie of the year. The Jungle Book was re released theatrically in North America three times, 1978, 1984, and 1990, and also	also	ADV	in	ADP	 in
The Dockworkers sing with Joe in all the versions of " Ol ' Man River ". The Gals back up Frank and Ellie in most of their songs, including " I Might Fall Back on You ". The Flappers back up Kim during " Why Do I	I	PRON	Love	VERB	 Love
Leiva and Lezica requested that someone who could act as spokesman for the people should join them inside the hall and explain the people's desires. Beruti, Chiclana, French and Grela were allowed to pass. Leiva attempted to discourage the rioter Pancho Planes, but he	he	PRON	entered	VERB	 entered
He decided to base his story on a radical idea that all Gods were once human beings; it was their deeds in the human life that made them famous as Gods. After finishing writing The Immortals of Meluha, Tripathi faced rejection from many publication houses. Ultimately	Ultimately	ADV	when	SCONJ	 when
One regional study examined a year of pre teen fluoride poisoning reports totaling 87 cases, including one death from ingesting insecticide. Most had no symptoms, but about 30% had stomach pains. A larger study across the U.S. had similar findings: 80% of cases	cases	NOUN	involved	VERB	 involved
This core is similar in composition to the Earth, but more dense. Examination of Saturn's gravitational moment, in combination with physical models of the interior, allowed French astronomers Didier Saumon and Tristan Guillot to place constraints on the mass of Saturn's core. In	In	ADP	2004	NUM	 2004
But this had previously been proposed by Lucretius and Simon Stevin. Cristiano Banti's Salviati also held it could be experimentally demonstrated by the comparison of pendulum motions in air with bobs of lead and of cork which had different weight but which were otherwise similar. Galileo proposed	proposed	VERB	that	SCONJ	 that
In total, Fast Five earned $86.2 million during its opening weekend, an average of $23,655 per theater, with IMAX showings contributing over $8 million. It thus set an opening weekend record for the Fast and Furious series, for Universal, (both	both	DET	records	NOUN	 records
There remains some uncertainty whether the source test or nature test ought to be the determining test. It appears, though, that the impact of Datafin remains qualified in the light of other decisions where the source of the power was held to be the determining factor.	.	PUNCT	It	PRON	 It
Atheists make up around 4% of the population, although this number may include people who practice traditional African religions. Malawi has central hospitals, regional and private facilities. The public sector offers free health services and medicines, while non government organisations offers services and medicines	medicines	NOUN	for	ADP	 for
The post war years were also a period of major bridge building in the state. The Mackinac Bridge opened on November 1, 1957, the Portage Lake Lift Bridge, the largest double deck lift bridge was completed in August 1959, and the International Bridge opened across	across	ADP	the	DET	 the
As with the Plastic Ono Band's previous singles, " Give Peace a Chance " and " Cold Turkey ", Lennon and Ono recorded an Ono composition as a B side. Produced by Lennon, " Who Has Seen the Wind? " was recorded at Trident	Trident	PROPN	Studios	PROPN	 Studios
The brighter component is a close eclipsing binary (specifically, a rotating ellipsoidal variable), with a minor dip of magnitude (0.1). Both are hot blue stars of spectral types O7III V and O9.5V, respectively, and are estimated to have around 22 and	and	CCONJ	12	NUM	 12
Following the peaceful resolution of the incident, Andrea Doria visited Spain. On 16 January 1925, Andrea Doria visited Lisbon to participate in the 400th anniversary of the death of Vasco de Gama. She thereafter went to La Spezia for a refit, which began on 7	7	NUM	February	PROPN	 February
Gonçalves had been encouraged by Rosas to rebel against the Brazilian government in 1835, with the ultimate aim of enabling Argentina to annex the province of Rio Grande do Sul. Together, Lavalleja and Gonçalves initiated a military campaign in Uruguay which was characterized by extensive violence and	and	CCONJ	pillage	NOUN	 pillage
More specifically, Danforth says: From the Greek nationalist perspective there can not be a Macedonian nation since there has never been an independent Macedonian state: the Macedonian nation is an " artificial creation ", an " invention ", of Tito, who " baptized "	"	PUNCT	a	DET	 a
Thus, no force is required to keep the cannonball moving at the constant forward velocity. Moreover, any object traveling at a constant velocity must be subject to zero net force (resultant force). This is the definition of dynamic equilibrium: when all the forces	forces	NOUN	on	ADP	 on
In 1972, NJDOT wanted to provide adequate access to the Cape May Peninsula by extending the freeway southeast from the current terminus to the Garden State Parkway in Middle Township. NJDOT conducted an environmental study on this proposal in 1975. The route was projected to cost $	$	SYM	155	NUM	155
Researchers R. A. Fox and Thom Hatch say that Wooden Leg retracted the claim in later life; this would have been in extreme old age, as he had still not recanted at the age of 73 when the book was written, other than to say it was	was	AUX	whisky	ADJ	 whisky
It debuted at number five on the New Zealand albums chart, and was certified platinum by Recorded Music NZ (RMNZ) for shipment of 15,000 copies. The same peak position was attained on the Oricon charts in Japan, where the album was certified double platinum for	for	ADP	shipment	NOUN	 shipment
The couple were married on 16 February 1904, after which they rented a house in Graham Street in West London. Bowles provided his son in law with a job, as business manager of The Lady magazine. David had little interest in reading and knew nothing of	of	ADP	business	NOUN	 business
Greater Boston has more than 100 colleges and universities, with 250,000 students enrolled in Boston and Cambridge alone. Its largest private universities include Boston University (the city's fourth largest employer), with its main campus along Commonwealth Avenue and a medical campus in the South	South	PROPN	End	NOUN	 End
Accounts of Wright's subsequent departure from the band differ. In his autobiography, Inside Out, Mason says that Waters called O'Rourke, who was travelling to the US on the QE2, and told him to have Wright out of the band by the time Waters arrived	arrived	VERB	in	ADP	 in
Mountain nyala are endemic to the Ethiopian highlands east of the Rift Valley, between 6° N and 10° N. Their former range was from Mount Gara Muleta in the east to Shashamene and the northern Bale Zone to the south. Up to half of the total	total	ADJ	population	NOUN	 population
The Highlanders continued under Cooper in 2006. After losing their first match of 2006 to the Crusaders, they then won their next three. After only won two of their last six games, they finished the season ranked ninth. The 2007 ended with a similar result	result	NOUN	to	ADP	 to
Hermine developed from a tropical wave that emerged from the west coast of Africa on September 5. The wave moved westward across the Atlantic Ocean, and on entering the northwest Caribbean interacted with other weather systems. The resultant system was declared a tropical depression on September 17	17	NUM	in	ADP	 in
Djajakusuma collapsed on 28 October 1987 while giving a speech in commemoration of the Youth Pledge at the IKJ, striking his head on a stone step. After being rushed to Cikini General Hospital, he was declared dead at 10: 05 a.m. local time (UTC +	+	PROPN	7	NUM	 7
Sennacherib instated Ittobaal on the throne of Sidon and reimposed the annual tribute. When Abdi Milkutti ascended to Sidon's throne in 680 BC, he also rebelled against the Assyrians. In response, the Assyrian king Esarhaddon laid siege to the city. Abdi Milkutti was captured	captured	VERB	and	CCONJ	 and
(H2O is about half of the molecular weight of the other two main constituents of the atmosphere — Oxygen, O2, and Nitrogen, N2.) Many of the features of Highs may be understood in context of middle- or meso scale and relatively enduring dynamics of	of	ADP	a	DET	 a
Despite a strong performance, he was cut from Team USA when the roster was trimmed to its twelve player limit. Coach Mike Krzyzewski cited the experience of the remaining players as the deciding factor in making the cut. Durant was finally selected to the national team at	at	ADP	the	DET	 the
According to Section 23 of the Czech Firearms Act, an applicant may not be granted a license if he has committed more than one misdemeanor against public order in the previous three years. Similarly, the law further makes gun license unaccessible to people with mental illnesses.	.	PUNCT	The	DET	 The
At that point, his empire stretched from the Adriatic Sea to the Indus River. Seeking to reach the " ends of the world and the Great Outer Sea ", he invaded India in 326 BC, but was eventually forced to turn back at the demand of	of	ADP	his	PRON	 his
The inaugural European Council, as it became known, was held in Dublin on 10 and 11 March 1975 during Ireland's first Presidency of the Council of Ministers. In 1987, it was included in the treaties for the first time (the Single European Act)	)	PUNCT	and	CCONJ	 and
MTV News commented that the song contains a theme that is " getting plenty of traction these days – beware the high cost of fame. " Meanwhile, group member Melody Thornton said of the song's concept: " If you strive for higher and bigger things –	–	PUNCT	along	ADP	 along
Hughes was also the model for " Old Craw " in John le Carré's The Honourable Schoolboy. The novel contains a fictional obituary of Bond, purportedly published in The Times, which provided details of Bond's early life, although many of these were Fleming's	's	PART	own	ADJ	 own
The wood thrush has become a symbol of the decline of Neotropical songbirds of eastern North America, having declined by approximately 50% since 1966. Along with many other species, this thrush faces threats both to its North American breeding grounds and Central American wintering grounds.	.	PUNCT	Forest	NOUN	 Forest
The Karankawa continued to cause difficulties for the Spanish, and in 1785 the interim commandant general, Joseph Antonio Rengel, noted that they were unable to explore in the Matagorda Bay region as long as the Karankawa held it. The Spanish again arranged for their coastline to	to	PART	be	AUX	 be
In October 1990, Metallica entered One on One Recording's studio in North Hollywood to record its next album. Bob Rock, who had worked with Aerosmith, The Cult, Bon Jovi, and Mötley Crüe, was hired as the producer. Metallica — also known	known	VERB	as	ADP	 as
Sandia theorized that the overram may have occurred due to inadequate training of some members of the center gun crew; a poorly conceived, briefed, and executed firing plan that contributed to confusion; and — possibly — a malfunction of the rammer. Sandia's report concluded	concluded	VERB	that	SCONJ	 that
Such furnaces required several metric tons of wood each day. The baths would have been in operation 24 hours a day, using an estimated 850,000 litres (190,000 imp gal) of water each day. The water was supplied from the springs in Boughton through underground lead	lead	ADJ	pipes	NOUN	 pipes
Reggie Smith was also named to the Jim Thorpe Award watch list. Nearly all major sports publications had the Sooners in the preseason Top 10. Some had the Sooners as the preseason No. 1 pick including Athlon, Phil Steele and Gold Sheet. The team had	had	VERB	a	DET	 a
" In a separate publishing from The New York Times, David Browne criticized the song's overuse of processed vocals, writing that: " As heard on her current single ' We R Who We R ' from her new mini album, ' Cannibal, ' Kesha	Kesha	PROPN	has	VERB	 has
All of Audioslave's lyrics were written by Cornell, while all four members — as a band — were credited with writing the music. Their songwriting process was described by Wilk as " more collaborative " and " satisfying " than Rage Against the Machine's, which	which	PRON	was	AUX	 was
A meze of fresh and cooked vegetable salads, pickled cucumbers and other vegetables, hummus, ful, tahini and amba dips, labneh cheese with olive oil, and ikra is served at festive meals and in restaurants. Salads include Turkish salad (a piquant salad of	of	ADP	finely	ADV	 finely
Ikata is known for its mikans and mikan juice. More than 20 different varieties of mikan are grown in Ikata. Old Ikata also has a very old sake brewing tradition that dates back to the Edo Period, with several tōji brewmasters in the local area. There	There	PRON	is	VERB	 is
In marrying a little Presbyterian parson, who keeps an infant boarding school, so that all her employment now is, ' To suckle fools, and chronicle small beer. ' She tells the children ' This is a cat, and that is a dog, with	with	ADP	four	NUM	 four
Photographs of the production showing Rihanna wearing a cream bra and gray skirt were leaked on the same day. The video premiered on September 24, 2007, and was digitally released September 27, 2008 on iTunes. The video's opening scene shows the sun rising and	and	CCONJ	Rihanna	PROPN	 Rihanna
Printed pattern books were not easily obtainable, and a sampler or embroidered record of stitches and patterns was the most common form of reference. 16th century English samplers were stitched on a narrow band of fabric and totally covered with stitches. These band samplers were highly valued	valued	VERB	,	PUNCT	,
Infants are protected while foraging by either leaving them in the nest or by stashing them in a hidden location, where the infant remains immobile in the absence of the parent. Diurnal lemurs are visible during the day, so many live in groups, where the increased	increased	VERB	number	NOUN	 number
He led the conference in sacks during the regular season, and finished with 14. Cornerback Loren Johnson was named to the first team All Big East team with Pierson Prioleau, who had 61 tackles and returned a blocked field goal 52 yards in Tech's game against	against	ADP	East	PROPN	 East
The doctors of both Dual Spires and Twin Peaks have coconuts in their offices. Both Paula's and Laura's diaries described meetings with " J ". Sheriff Jackson tells Bob he needs to be strong for his wife. Dr Hayward says the same thing to Leland	Leland	PROPN	Palmer	PROPN	 Palmer
The episode also ranked at first in its time slot. While Andy (Ed Helms) is having a meeting with Jim (John Krasinski) in his office, Robert California (James Spader) appears at the window and frantically says that his wife Susan (Maura	Maura	PROPN	Tierney	PROPN	 Tierney
To the south and west, the Hamilton Group grades laterally into the Millboro Shale formation in southern West Virginia and Virginia, which grades into the lower part of the Chattanooga Shale of Tennessee. The Milboro is gradational with the underlying Needmore Formation shale. South of the	the	DET	Mason	PROPN	 Mason
Journalist Kembrew McLeod called the music " both agitprop and pop, mixing politics with the live wire thrill of the popular music experience ", adding that the Bomb Squad " took sampling to the level of high art while keeping intact hip hop's populist heart. They	They	PRON	would	AUX	 would
In Canada, " I Can't Go for That " / " You Make My Dreams " debuted at number seventy four, " You and I " / " You and I " at number ninety three, and " Hit Me with Your Best Shot " /	/	SYM	"	PUNCT	 "
Beginning on 19 August, various units of the 17th Army began to arrive on Guadalcanal with the goal of driving Allied forces from the island. Because of the threat by CAF aircraft based at Henderson Field, the Japanese were unable to use large, slow transport ships	ships	NOUN	to	PART	 to
Under the Treaty of San Stefano that ended the Russo Turkish War, 1877 – 78 the entire region, except Thessaloniki, was included in the borders of Bulgaria, but after the Congress of Berlin in 1878 the region was returned to the Ottoman Empire. The armies	armies	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
Hearts decided to sell tickets using their loyalty points system, while Hibs connected their allocation to sales of season tickets and memberships. Due to high demand, Hearts tightened the criteria needed for a ticket during the sales process. Regular tickets cost £35 or £28	28	NUM	for	ADP	 for
Huge numbers of towns across the country were effectively off limits to African Americans. By the end of the 1960s, there were at least 10,000 sundown towns across the U.S. – including large suburbs such as Glendale, California (population 60,000 at the time); Levittown	Levittown	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
In May 1986, Ireland won the Iceland Triangular Tournament at Laugardalsvöllur, in Iceland's capital of Reykjavík, with a 2 – 1 victory over Iceland and a 1 – 0 win over Czechoslovakia. By this time Charlton had developed his tactics, which were based on	on	ADP	the	DET	 the
In 1888, a posse from Kentucky entered West Virginia and killed a leader of the Hatfield clan in the Hatfield McCoy feud. This caused a political conflict between Buckner and Governor Emanuel Willis Wilson of West Virginia, who complained that the raid was illegal. The matter	matter	NOUN	was	AUX	 was
Other court clerks in the U.S. have also refused to issue marriage licenses to same sex couples. The probate judges of several counties in Alabama have stopped issuing marriage licenses to anyone. Probate Judge Nick Williams of Washington County, Alabama, said he stopped issuing licenses altogether	altogether	ADV	to	PART	 to
The British consolidated their hold on New York City and Long Island during the winter months of early 1777, while the Continental Army established a land blockade around the city in New Jersey, southern New York, and southwestern Connecticut. In the spring of 1777 Lieutenant General	General	PROPN	William	PROPN	 William
Convection gradually increased, and the system intensified into Tropical Storm Itelle on April 9. An eye developed the next day, signaling that the storm had strengthened into a tropical cyclone as it turned more to the west southwest. Developing a large 90 km (56 mi	mi	ADJ	)	PUNCT	)
The orchestra Shire assembled consisted of musicians from the San Francisco Opera and S.F. ballet. Shire said, " There are 12 signs of the Zodiac and there is a way of using atonal and tonal music. So we used 12 tones, never repeating any of them	them	PRON	but	CCONJ	 but
The National Association for Stock Car Auto Racing (NASCAR) is the second most popular spectator sports in the United States behind the National Football League (NFL). It was incorporated on February 21, 1948 by Bill France, Sr. and built its roots in	in	ADP	the	DET	 the
" The origins of the breed are not fully documented, but some evidence points to the ancestors of the Jutland being used by the Vikings during the early 9th century. Images from the time show Viking raiders in what is now Great Britain riding horses similar in appearance	appearance	NOUN	to	ADP	 to
From there, Congress and many other ships were ordered back to the United States. She arrived at Newport, Rhode Island, remained there shortly, and proceeded to Boston where she decommissioned in December and assigned to ordinary. In June 1816 Charles Morris again commanded Congress	Congress	PROPN	and	CCONJ	 and
Due to the popularity of her main blog, Xiaxue has earned jobs in mainstream media, notably as a columnist for national newspapers TODAY and The New Paper, Maxim magazine and Snag magazine. In addition, she has served as an editor for blog aggregator Tomorrow.sg,	,	PUNCT	a	DET	 a
Due to having failed to come to terms on a contract before October 1, 1998, Luongo was not allowed to be called up to the Islanders from junior over the course of the subsequent season. He started the season with Val d'Or but was traded to the	the	DET	Acadie	PROPN	 Acadie
Plans exist to build a military base close to the Henoko reef, and military activity also adds the threats of noise pollution, chemical pollution, soil erosion, and exposure to depleted uranium. The military base plans have been fought in US courts by some Okinawans,	,	PUNCT	whose	DET	 whose
The song peaked at number three for three non consecutive weeks during the same month. It was certified triple platinum by the Australian Recording Industry Association (ARIA) for selling over 210,000 copies. " If I Were a Boy " debuted at number eight in New Zealand	Zealand	PROPN	on	ADP	 on
On the back of his popularity, he evidently decided to run for this office and was elected Archon Eponymous, the highest government office in the following year (493 BC). Themistocles's archonship saw the beginnings of a major theme in his career; the advancement	advancement	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
Sheheen's campaign has raised $33,000 as of January 2009, while Ford's campaign raised $6,000. On June 8, 2010, Ford finished in third place in the primary election with 18 percent of the vote. South Carolina State Senator, 42nd Senatorial District	District	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
By 1930 it had been performed by various ethnic Chinese troupes to popular acclaim and pioneered a body of work by authors such as Lauw Giok Lan, Tio Ie Soei, and Tjoa Tjien Mo. In 2006 the script for the play, which continues to be performed,	,	PUNCT	was	AUX	 was
Unfortunately, all of the ship's equipment fails for no reason and the Enterprise's systems break down. Suddenly, Dr. Leonard McCoy, played by Dan Aykroyd, runs onto the bridge saying that the aliens are on the ship. He says they did not beam	beam	VERB	aboard	ADV	 aboard
The maple leaf was later added to the Canadian coat of arms in 1921. From 1876 until 1901, the leaf appeared on all Canadian coins and remained on the penny after 1901. The use of the maple leaf by the Royal Canadian Regiment as a regimental symbol	symbol	NOUN	extended	VERB	 extended
The Trinity Railway Express (TRE) commuter rail service, which connects Fort Worth and Dallas, is provided by the Fort Worth Transportation Authority (the T) and DART. In the Austin area, Capital Metropolitan Transportation Authority operates a commuter rail service known as Capital	Capital	PROPN	MetroRail	PROPN	 MetroRail
Wez, one of the characters from the 1981 film Mad Max 2: The Road Warrior, is seen in the Australian mob that chases Bart and Homer to the American Embassy. In its original American broadcast, " Bart vs. Australia " finished 56th in the ratings	ratings	NOUN	for	ADP	 for
This is the about same as the annual occupational dose limit in practice at many modern U.S. nuclear facilities. Experts believed at the time that this radiation dose could be tolerated by individuals for long periods without any harmful effects. The maximum accumulated dose of 3.72 R was	was	AUX	received	VERB	 received
The producers spent a lot of time talking with Malick about his vision of the film. Geisler said, " Malick's Guadalcanal would be a Paradise Lost, an Eden, raped by the green poison, as Terry used to call it, of war. Much	Much	ADJ	of	ADP	 of
The chapels in the south transept had tiles with symbols of Edward the Confessor and the Virgin Mary. The windows of the church were filled with painted glass, six panels of which have been discovered. They show scenes from the life of the Virgin Mary, the	the	DET	Crucifixion	PROPN	 Crucifixion
The race was first held in 1829, and since 1845 has taken place on the 4.2 mile (6.8 km) Championship Course on the River Thames in southwest London. Cambridge went into the race as reigning champions, having defeated Oxford by seven and a half lengths	lengths	NOUN	in	ADP	 in
Rwanda has low corruption levels relative to most other African countries; in 2014, Transparency International ranked Rwanda as the fifth cleanest out of 47 countries in Sub Saharan Africa and 55th cleanest out of 175 in the world. The constitution provides for an Ombudsman, whose duties	duties	NOUN	include	VERB	 include
Hundreds of livestock drowned, and telephone and telegraph services were disrupted in many areas. The storm became disorganized while moving across the southern coast of Cuba and weakened to a tropical storm by later on September 2. Ella reached the Gulf of Mexico on September 4 and	and	CCONJ	briefly	ADV	 briefly
In the mid 1990s, Parks Canada responded by initiating a two year study, which resulted in management recommendations, and new policies that aim to preserve ecological integrity. Banff National Park has a subarctic climate with three ecoregions, including montane, subalpine, and alpine.	.	PUNCT	The	DET	 The
He ended his season with 197 in an innings victory over Western Australia. Overall, he totalled 710 runs at 59.16, as New South Wales won their eighth successive Shield. After a successful campaign, he reversed his decision and made himself available for the 1961 tour	tour	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
Between 1049 and 1067 he was the eighth Shaddadid ruler of Arran (today in western Azerbaijan) from Ganja. Prior to that, he ruled the city of Dvin (in what is now Armenia and northeastern Turkey) from 1022 as an autonomous lord. A capable	capable	ADJ	warrior	NOUN	 warrior
They held their first meeting in July, naming themselves the Western Association of Writers. At the meeting Maurice Thompson was named president, and Riley vice president. The association never succeeded in its goals of creating a powerful advertising force, but became a social club and	and	CCONJ	a	DET	 a
He divorced Hildegard in 1942 and married Irma E. Shuler in 1945. They were divorced in 1962, and he married Elaine Mahoney. In 1957, during the Eisenhower Administration, Kistiakowsky was appointed to the President's Science Advisory Committee, and succeeded James R. Killian as	as	ADP	chairman	NOUN	 chairman
Homer bets with Washington, while the others go with Buffalo. As a nervous Homer watches the game at Moe's Tavern, Washington scores at the last second to win the game. Homer becomes happy at this blessing and Bart tells Lisa that she still loves Homer	Homer	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
" The main reasons for the extinction of the passenger pigeon were the massive scale of hunting, the rapid loss of habitat, and the extremely social lifestyle of the bird, which made it highly vulnerable to the former factors. Deforestation was driven by the need to	to	PART	free	VERB	 free
Meanwhile, Jack Donaghy (Alec Baldwin) must deal with a visit from his mother Colleen Donaghy (Stritch) who begins to meddle in his relationships with Avery Jessup (Banks) and Nancy Donovan (Julianne Moore). " The Moms " received generally positive reviews	reviews	NOUN	from	ADP	 from
Between 1593 and 1595, James was romantically linked with Anne Murray, later Lady Glamis, whom he addressed in verse as " my mistress and my love "; and Anne herself was also occasionally the subject of scandalous rumours. In Basilikon Doron, written 1597 –	–	PUNCT	1598	NUM	 1598
When he attempted a canonical visitation, he had to avoid locations where a resident conservative bishop might make an embarrassing personal challenge to his authority. In 1535, Cranmer had difficult encounters with several bishops, John Stokesley, John Longland, and Stephen Gardiner among others.	.	PUNCT	They	PRON	 They
Winds of 65 mph (100 km / h) was reported on the southwest coast of Newfoundland. In addition, a weather office on the island reported rainfall at 2.1 in (53 mm). The 1984 season's first named storm occurred later than usual,	,	PUNCT	forming	VERB	 forming
Ó Siadhail & Wigger (1975: 89 – 90) argue that the fortis sonorant is tense (a term only vaguely defined phonetically) and that this tenseness is transferred to the vowel, where it is realized phonetically as vowel length and / or diphthongization. Ní	Ní	PROPN	Chiosáin	PROPN	 Chiosáin
With the death of his mother in January 1933, Hordern decided to pursue a professional acting career. He briefly took a job at a prep school but fell ill with poliomyelitis and had to leave. Upon his recuperation, he was offered a job as a travelling	travelling	VERB	salesman	NOUN	 salesman
Templeton Secondary School was used for Smallville High's interior. During season one, the production team repainted most of Templeton in Smallville High's red and yellow and distributed large Smallville High Crows logos; so much of the school was painted that it adopted red and yellow	yellow	ADJ	as	ADP	 as
On his 500th league appearance, Heskey scored his first goal for Wigan in a 1 – 0 Premier League victory over Reading on 26 August. He scored eight goals in 36 appearances during the 2006 – 07 season, as Wigan avoided relegation on goal difference over Sheffield	Sheffield	PROPN	United	PROPN	 United
In 1921 Shackleton went back to Antarctica, leading the Shackleton – Rowett Expedition. On 5 January 1922 he died suddenly of a heart attack, while the expedition ’ s ship Quest was moored at South Georgia. Later that year John Quiller Rowett, who had financed	financed	VERB	this	DET	 this
28,000 years ago. The glacial landscape is well developed, especially on the southern slopes of Mount Tymfi, across the Astraka Gamila plateau, and in the upland terrain above the villages of Skamneli and Tsepelovo, where lateral and terminal moraines form major landscape features. Additional	Additional	ADJ	forms	NOUN	 forms
On 26 March 2005 Nea Salamina played a friendly against the Turkish Cypriot Yenicami at Ammochostos Stadium, defeating them 6 – 0; it was the first match between Greek and Turkish Cypriot clubs in 50 years. About 2,500 fans sat together in the stands, and the	the	DET	match	NOUN	 match
In this little ballet, scantily clad nuns rise from their graves to dance wantonly in the moonlight. The public loved this little supernatural ballet. In March 1832, the ballet La Sylphide debuted in Paris. This ballet is about a beautiful sylph who loves James,	,	PUNCT	a	DET	 a
The heralds are appointed by the British Sovereign and are delegated authority to act on behalf of the Crown in all matters of heraldry, the granting of new coats of arms, genealogical research and the recording of pedigrees. The College is also the official body responsible for	for	ADP	matters	NOUN	 matters
General of Division Georges Joseph Dufour, the new French commander, pre empted what would have been a costly attack, by offering to surrender the bridge. On 5 February, Fürstenberg finally took possession of the bridgehead. Francis II, the Holy Roman Emperor, appointed	appointed	VERB	him	PRON	 him
The reproductive system has some unusual features. The gonads of adult snails are not inside the shell; they are in the head foot region on the right side of the body. Adults possess both testis and ovary in different levels of development. The testis is placed	placed	VERB	ventrally	ADV	 ventrally
She added that anyone who watched the video for " Justify My Love ", " knows that a hotel corridor is an excellent place to film a video " and went on to praise Beyoncé's looks and outfits. Kitty Empire of The Observer stated, " Less	Less	ADV	originally	ADV	 originally
Later, in September, the battalion was transferred to the north to construct defensive positions near Tripoli in Lebanon. In December 1941, following the Japanese attacks on Pearl Harbor and in Malaya, the decision was made to bring the 6th and 7th Divisions back to Australia	Australia	PROPN	.	PUNCT	.
During the course of the 19th century, Spain would recognize each of the new states. Only Cuba and Puerto Rico remained under Spanish rule, until the Spanish – American War in 1898. The nearly decade and a half of wars greatly weakened the Spanish American economies	economies	NOUN	and	CCONJ	 and
That evening, Olivia has a vision of Peter; the vision tries to break Olivia from the conditioning, explaining that her lack of knowledge of the parallel universe saved her life. In late March 2010, Brothers & Sisters showrunners Monica Owusu Breen and Alison Schapker were	were	AUX	hired	VERB	 hired
On a broader scale, the Cook Islands Sports & Olympic Association, Rarotonga Amateur Athletics Association, Tauvaine Sports & Cultural Association, and Tupapa Maraerena Sports Association are notable associations. The Cook Islands Fisherman's Association, Cook Islands Game Fishing Club, and the Ngatangiia Fishermen	Fishermen	PROPN	's	PART	's
Facing a hopeless situation, the Marquess surrendered the castle on 19 August on relatively generous terms for the garrison. The Marquess himself was arrested and sent to Windsor Castle, where he died shortly afterwards. Fairfax ordered the castle to be totally destroyed under the supervision of	of	ADP	Henry	PROPN	 Henry
Whilst trying to retrieve it, Bart gets trapped in the well. Still smarting from his prank, the town leaves him down there. Eventually Homer decides to rescue Bart by himself. The episode was written by Jon Vitti and directed by Carlos Baeza. Musician Sting	Sting	PROPN	guest	NOUN	 guest
Historians such as Sidney Toy and Charles Peers published work on the sites, and research continued under Arnold Taylor, who joined the Office of Works as an assistant inspector in 1935. Major academic reports were published in the 1950s, adding to the sites ' reputation.	.	PUNCT	Taylor	PROPN	 Taylor
In 2013, he was ranked the third best player in the league by ESPN and Sports Illustrated. Paul prefers playing in the half court versus playing up tempo. He creates scoring opportunities by constantly changing speeds; upon beating his defender one on one or shedding him	him	PRON	in	ADP	 in
" The Guardian also gave the album three out of five stars, stating that Pearl Jam " are dignified, musicianly, sincere... and a teensy bit dull " and observing that " Vedder's affecting vocal angst drowns in a sea of pessimistic riffola. " The	The	DET	review	NOUN	 review
In a counterattack after daylight, K Company and tanks had partially regained control of the ridges overlooking Haman, but not completely. Large numbers of North Koreans were behind the battle positions of the 35th Infantry as far as the Chirwon ni and Chung ni areas, 6	6	NUM	miles	NOUN	 miles
Other forms of mimicry have a reproductive component, such as Vavilovian mimicry involving seeds, and brood parasitism, which can also involve aggressive mimicry. Bakerian mimicry, named after Herbert G. Baker, is a form of automimicry where female flowers mimic male flowers of their own	own	ADJ	species	NOUN	 species
She displaced 1,078 metric tons (1,061 long tons; 1,188 short tons) at full combat load. Her propulsion system consisted of two vertical 3 cylinder triple expansion engines. Steam for the engines was provided by four coal fired locomotive boilers. The ship's propulsion system	system	NOUN	provided	VERB	 provided
Considered one of the " Hawaiʻi Sons of the Civil War ", he was among a group of more than one hundred documented Native Hawaiian and Hawaii born combatants who fought in the American Civil War while the Kingdom of Hawaiʻi was still an independent nation. Born and	and	CCONJ	raised	VERB	 raised
Principal photography was initially set to begin in Miami, but the idea was abandoned due to budget constraints. The first phase of filming began in Goa on 21 March 2010 and continued until May. The second and third phases took place in London with the entire cast	cast	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
Following a succession of poor performances at the start of the 2011 – 12 season, Cooper and his assistant Richard Dryden were sacked by the club on 24 October 2011. A little more than two months later, Singh placed the club into administration for a third time	time	NOUN	in	ADP	 in
The proposed cuts targeted a program to fund development of fuel efficient automobiles as well as the program that had guaranteed a loan to the recently bankrupt Solyndra corporation. The Senate rejection of the House bill on September 23, 2011 raised the possibility of a government shutdown on	on	ADP	October	PROPN	 October
It had a slightly larger wingspan, increased takeoff weight and improved armament. The prototype was tested in December 1943, but did not enter production. Soviet Union VVS (Russian: Voyenno Vozdooshnyye Seely — Soviet Air Forces) ADD (Russian: Aviahtsiya Dahl ' nevo	nevo	ADJ	Deystviya	PROPN	 Deystviya
The death of his predecessor caused Peale to write " a frantic letter " to the new Mint Director (Patterson had retired), George N. Eckert, stating that he urgently needed an assistant. McCulloh's campaign had continued; on August 1, 1851, he	he	PRON	wrote	VERB	 wrote
Breyer argues that these sources are necessary, however, and in the former case (purpose), can in fact provide greater objectivity in legal interpretation than looking merely at what is often ambiguous statutory text. With the latter (consequences), Breyer argues that considering	considering	VERB	the	DET	 the
At the National September 11 Memorial, the names of the Pentagon victims are inscribed on the South Pool, on Panels S 1 and S 72 – S 76. The Pentagon Memorial, located just southwest of The Pentagon in Arlington County, Virginia, is a permanent	permanent	ADJ	outdoor	ADJ	 outdoor
The Complete Confection was also promoted through the feature film Katy Perry: Part of Me (2012), which followed Perry during her California Dreams Tour. A golden ticket to attend the premiere of the film was placed inside one American copy and one Canadian copy of	of	ADP	the	DET	 the
A spider bites him on the back of his neck, giving him spider powers. He becomes Spider Man. Garfield described Parker as someone he can relate to and stated that the character had been an important influence on him since he was little. Garfield drew from	from	ADP	his	PRON	 his
The second approach, a feminist counterculture, embodies feminine writing to investigate a specifically feminine cinematic language. Some recent criticism of ' feminist film ' approaches has centered around a Swedish rating system called the Bechdel test. During the 1930s 1950s heyday of the big Hollywood studios	studios	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
Abathur accepts that the Overmind's instinctive desire for " true perfection " is impossible for the zerg swarm to achieve, yet reasoned that "... chasing perfection was tactically sound regardless. " Instead, Abathur believed it is " purpose " which makes the zerg strong.	.	PUNCT	Abathur	PROPN	 Abathur
A funeral was conducted two days later at his home on 121 High Street, and his body was buried in the nearby Grove Street Cemetery. In May, Yale organized a memorial meeting at the Sloane Laboratory. The eminent British physicist J. J. Thomson was in attendance	attendance	NOUN	and	CCONJ	 and
Temporary repairs were effected in Nouméa in New Caledonia. Cormoran finally arrived in Hong Kong on 3 May; by 15 July, she had returned to Apia. She was thereafter joined by her sister Condor, the armored cruiser Scharnhorst and the light cruisers Emden and Nürnberg	Nürnberg	PROPN	from	ADP	 from
" A regional schools tour was organised to tie in with the launch of the series, with pupils writing short scenes based on scenarios tying in with the PSHE curriculum, which were performed, filmed and edited. Sarah Miller, BBC Learning commissioner and executive producer of	of	ADP	series	NOUN	 series
The main event was a standard match for the NWA World Heavyweight Championship, in which then champion Jeff Jarrett defended the title against A.J. Styles with Tito Ortiz as Special Guest Referee. During the bout, Jarrett tried to use his signature guitar as a weapon, however	however	ADV	was	AUX	 was
The importance of the Battle of Bardia, lay in the challenge it might represent to the wider field of Australian military history and its historians, " when national mythology meets military history ". An estimated 36,000 Italian soldiers were captured at Bardia, 1,703 (including 44	44	NUM	officers	NOUN	 officers
By contrast, Arsenal won seven previous Shields (1930, 1931, 1933, 1934, 1938, 1948, 1953), shared one with Tottenham Hotspur in 1991 and lost four (1935, 1936, 1979, 1989). Both clubs had only once met	met	VERB	before	ADV	 before
For the opening scene, a " special kind of blood " was placed in and around the actors ' eyes to simulate their brains boiling. For the scene in which the actress is pushed up against a glass door, the special effects department created a device wearing	wearing	VERB	a	DET	 a
Sirius A is about twice as massive as the Sun (M ☉) and has an absolute visual magnitude of 1.42. It is 25 times more luminous than the Sun but has a significantly lower luminosity than other bright stars such as Canopus or Rigel. The system	system	NOUN	is	AUX	 is
On July 8, 2014, 2 K Games released a DRM free version of BioShock on the Humble 2 K Bundle, and then re released on the Humble Store. In response to the game's high sales and critical acclaim, Take Two chairman Strauss Zelnick revealed	revealed	VERB	in	ADP	 in
At the 1000 Lakes in Finland, Mouton finished the first day in seventh place after setting two top five stage times. Her car later caught on fire, but she was able to continue in the event by following Mikkola's advice and driving into a lake.	.	PUNCT	With	ADP	 With
Yeezus was noted as one of the most anticipated releases of 2013 by major publications, but the lack of a major radio single was regarded as a risky move. Regardless, radio stations have still played tracks from Yeezus on air, despite it being a departure from	from	ADP	the	DET	 the
The court noted that the vehicle was traveling on an " undivided two lane road, thus raising the risk of a collision with oncoming traffic, which poses a particular risk to human life and limb. " However, the court also held that the " anonymous tip	tip	NOUN	itself	PRON	 itself
According to the New York Times obituary, " it was estimated after Mr. Rockefeller retired from business that he had accumulated close to $1,500,000,000 out of the earnings of the Standard Oil trust and out of his other investments. This was probably the greatest amount of wealth	wealth	NOUN	that	PRON	 that
Congress, seeking to take some initiative and to capitalize on the capture of Ticonderoga, authorized an invasion of Canada, after several letters to the inhabitants of Canada were rejected by the French speaking and British colonists there. In September, Benedict Arnold led 1,100 troops on	on	ADP	an	DET	 an
Though she thoroughly enjoyed the experience, she found it difficult to reconcile performing in London with raising two young children in Manchester. Two weeks after finishing her run in Blood Brothers, Lancashire auditioned for the role of new Coronation Street character Raquel Wolstenhulme, a colleague of	of	ADP	supermarket	NOUN	 supermarket
On the most difficult portion, between Cresta and Rock Creek, three tunnels had to be built at Arch Rock, Grizzly Dome, and Elephant Butte; at the former two, surveyors had to hang out on rope over steep granite slopes, and rockslides repeatedly caused	caused	VERB	delays	NOUN	 delays
SR 52 is not part of the National Highway System, a network of roads that are important to the country's economy, defense, and mobility. The entire route is known as both the Soledad Freeway and the San Clemente Canyon Freeway. In 2013, SR	SR	PROPN	52	NUM	 52
From here, the highway becomes a surface road that continues past more businesses and homes, angling northeast as it comes to an exit for Main Street. Immediately past this point, the road turns east and encounters a complex interchange with I 95, the eastern terminus	terminus	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
The album was distributed by Sony Music Entertainment Visual Works. The last song of the CD, " ICO -You Were There- ", includes vocals sung by former Libera member Steven Geraghty. Ico received strong reviews, becoming a cult hit among gamers. The game has	has	VERB	an	DET	 an
The other four are: Tockwotten Hill at Fox Point, Smith Hill (where the State House is located), Christian Hill at Hoyle Square (junction of Cranston & Westminster Streets), and Weybosset Hill at the lower end of Weybosset Street, which was leveled	leveled	VERB	in	ADP	 in
He scored his first Stevenage goal on his return to the first team in a 3 – 0 win against Ebbsfleet United, and also provided the assist for Stevenage's second in a 2 – 0 victory over Eastbourne Borough. Byrom scored his second goal for Stevenage in	in	ADP	a	DET	 a
Users of 4chan helped to track him down by finding the perpetrator's father's name in the Exif data of a photograph he took, and contacted the police. He was arrested before school began that day. The incident turned out to be a hoax; the	the	DET	"	PUNCT	 "
" Coolbrith was commissioned to write a poem for the Exposition, and in October 1893 she brought with her to Chicago the poem " Isabella of Spain " to help dedicate Harriet Hosmer's sculpture Queen Isabella which stood before the Pampas Plume Palace within the California Pavilion.	.	PUNCT	Listening	VERB	 Listening
The ability of a large number of protein structural motifs to catalyze relevant chemical reactions has played a significant role in the elaboration of repair mechanisms during evolution. For an extremely detailed review of hypotheses relating to the evolution of DNA repair, see. The fossil record indicates	indicates	VERB	that	SCONJ	 that
The following day, a team of archaeologists from the Suffolk Archaeological Unit carried out an emergency excavation of the site. The entire hoard was excavated in a single day, with the removal of several large blocks of unbroken material for laboratory excavation. The area within a	a	DET	radius	NOUN	 radius
As a result, the station was declared a heritage site in 1980, when the Secretary of State for the Environment, Michael Heseltine, awarded the building Grade II listed status. (This was upgraded to Grade II * listed in 2007.) On 31 October	October	PROPN	1983	NUM	 1983
Furious, Triton confronts Ariel in her grotto, where she and Flounder store human artifacts, and destroys the objects with his trident to her dismay. After Triton leaves, two eels named Flotsam and Jetsam convince Ariel to visit Ursula the sea witch. Ursula makes a	a	DET	deal	NOUN	 deal
In six home Tests against the West Indies and South Africa in 2005 – 06, Gilchrist managed only 190 runs at 23.75, but Australia was unhindered, winning 3 – 0 and 2 – 0 respectively. His one day form also began to suffer, scoring only	only	ADV	11	NUM	 11
This was supported by the Labor Party and the right winged Conservative Party and Progress Party. The plans from the EU indicated that international routes within EU should be deregulated from 1 January 1993, with Norway and Sweden joining from 1 July. Full, domestic liberalization should	should	AUX	be	AUX	 be
A M18 Claymore mine then exploded in front of Alpha Company's command element, killing the radio operator and severely wounding both George and his Forward Artillery Observer. At around 10: 40 am gunfire had died down, but Alpha Company was virtually destroyed during 30 minutes	minutes	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
A field study on the southern sandplains revealed an average count of around 286 individual flowers on each spike. The white flower is covered in grey or pale brown fur, and there is little variation in colour. The style is generally scarlet, but can be dark	dark	ADJ	red	ADJ	 red
However, in the 1870s Cunard fell behind its rivals, the White Star Line and the Inman Line. To meet this competition, in 1879 the firm was reorganized as Cunard Steamship Company, Ltd to raise capital. In 1902, White Star joined the American owned	owned	VERB	International	PROPN	 International
The line is single track, and was electrified in 1954 64. The Bergen Line is owned and maintained by the Norwegian National Rail Administration, and served with passenger trains by Norwegian State Railways (NSB) and freight trains by CargoNet. The Flåm Line remains as	as	ADP	the	DET	 the
Tim Green went on to help create The Fucking Champs, a mostly instrumental progressive hard rock / math metal trio with indie pop appeal out of San Francisco, and later Concentrick, a solo project with a focus on ambient music. Nation of Ulysses was known for	for	ADP	their	PRON	 their
It would later be suggested that Roger Tichborne had this same defect, but this could not be established beyond speculation and hearsay. Many people were impressed by the Claimant's seeming ability to recall small details of Roger Tichborne's early life, such as the fly fishing	fishing	NOUN	tackle	NOUN	 tackle
Tony Way as Gary, Destiny's owner. Ruth Bratt – various incidental characters. The show took five years to make. The idea was first suggested between the creator and director of Mongrels, Adam Miller, and the show's head puppeteer, Andy Heath,	,	PUNCT	when	SCONJ	 when
Through publications on its website including staff reviews, (non peer reviewed) research reports, and web based newsletters, the Council proclaims television programs or other entertainment products to be beneficial or harmful to the development of children and actively works to ensure broadcasters and content producers	producers	NOUN	conform	VERB	 conform
The secondary companion is a yellow main sequence star of spectral type G5V that is a little smaller (0.9 times) the diameter of the Sun. Lying 75 ± 0.5 light years from Earth, Alphekka is believed to be a member of the Ursa Major Moving Group	Group	PROPN	of	ADP	 of
Eustis was elected to the Massachusetts General Court (the state legislature) from 1788 to 1794, which he left because he was " sick of " the political gamesmanship in the body. He was thereafter chosen to serve on the Governor's Council for two years.	.	PUNCT	In	ADP	 In
Bianco called the episode a " heady, sometimes too rich mix of song and dance magic, high school musical spoof and overall excess ", and concluded: " It's a mess, but it's the kind of joyous mess that makes you think order can	can	AUX	be	AUX	 be
Rice also introduced legislation to exempt some school fundraisers from sales tax, a measure which he placed on hold pending consideration of a broader measure by Rep. Jerry Sonnenberg. Rice and Sonnenberg ultimately combined their efforts and integrated the two bills, both of which became law.	.	PUNCT	Rice	NOUN	 Rice
On a domestic scale, the spade, fork and hoe are the tools of choice while on commercial farms a range of mechanical equipment is available. Besides tractors, these include ploughs, harrows, drills, transplanters, cultivators, irrigation equipment and harvesters. New techniques	techniques	NOUN	are	AUX	 are
Studies have shown that the fungus is sensitive to low concentrations of sulphite (SO32 −), a byproduct of sulphur dioxide pollution, suggesting that this pollution can be toxic to the growth of the fungus (and the subsequent decomposition of leaf litter) at environmentally relevant	relevant	ADJ	concentrations	NOUN	 concentrations
In 1996, Maguire Thomas Partners split up, leaving the ownership of Commerce Square to Thomas Properties Group Inc. alone. After the split, Thomas Properties renegotiated mortgage financing of the Commerce Square towers. Thomas Properties Group successfully renegotiated the debt for Two Commerce Square with Bank	Bank	PROPN	of	ADP	 of
Cystic fibrosis (CF), a progressive multi system lung disease, has been considered in the search for a genetic cause of DPB. This is for a number of reasons. CF, like DPB, causes severe lung inflammation, abundant mucus production, infection,	,	PUNCT	and	CCONJ	 and
Zainab and Masood have been married for 28 years and they're mad about each other - for someone to come and destroy that slightly, it's exciting. It's exciting for us to play. " Bhatti's departure was not announced. When a fire was	was	AUX	reported	VERB	 reported
Town and Davis was awarded the contract to construct the building, and completed it ahead of schedule in 1835. The statehouse was built of blue limestone, two stories high. The governor and the Supreme Court occupied the lower floor, and the legislature occupied the upper	upper	ADJ	floor	NOUN	 floor
The following season he helped the club to its highest ever league finish of fifth position. In 1987, he was chosen to captain the England B team in a match against the full national team of Malta, but it was to be his only appearance in an	an	DET	England	PROPN	 England
Niyama (The five " observances "): Śauca (purity, clearness of mind, speech and body), Santosha (contentment, acceptance of others and of one's circumstances), Tapas (persistent meditation, perseverance, austerity), Svādhyāya (study of self	self	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
They participated in Music Station Super Live 2014 on New Year's Eve, marking their first television appearance in seventeen years, the last being on Kōhaku Uta Gassen in 1997. In June 2015, Yoshiki announced their sixth and first studio album in 20 years would be	be	AUX	released	VERB	 released
By the end of the decade, Lexus ranked as the fourth largest premium car make in the world by volume, and was the number one selling premium car marque in the U.S. for ten consecutive years. In 2010, Lexus underwent a gradual sales recovery in North	North	PROPN	America	PROPN	 America
The station, which had stayed on the air via temporary licenses, went off the air on May 30, 1949. (The station returned in October 1950, under new ownership.) Lafount died in Detroit, Michigan, on October 21, 1952, at	at	ADP	age	NOUN	 age
She was not considered to have been placed in reserve at this time, however, as it was not possible for the RAN to provide a trained complement at short notice. Australia returned to Sydney in November 1921, and was paid off into reserve in December.	.	PUNCT	By	ADP	 By
B.J., who has already arrived, cuts Cokely's respirator tubes and attacks him with a razor. When the agents arrive B.J. attacks Mulder but when Cokely finally dies she stops. B.J. is placed in Shamrock Women's Prison Psychiatric Ward where she is put on suicide	suicide	NOUN	watch	NOUN	 watch
It caused widespread damage to a large part of the structure, including the two oldest rooms in the school, School Room and Big School. The main concern was to prevent the books contained within the chained library from being damaged, either by fire or water from	from	ADP	the	DET	 the
With the completion of the new zoo, The Dairy Farmhouse, sheep paddock, and Menagerie were demolished and the sheep flock was replaced with mechanical mowers. The site of the old Menagerie has since been allowed to revert to forest land. For the next fifty years	years	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
In December 1958, during a process of purifying plutonium at Los Alamos, a critical mass was formed in a mixing vessel, which resulted in the death of a chemical operator named Cecil Kelley. Other nuclear accidents have occurred in the Soviet Union, Japan, the	the	DET	United	PROPN	 United
The final song on the album was " Outside, " a ballad that was written by Carey, Afanasieff and Rooney, about Carey's experience being biracial. Richard Harrington from The Washington Post described the album's subtle inclusion of both pop and R & B genres	genres	NOUN	:	PUNCT	:
They had a lot to do with our success ", Lemon said after being winning the award. Lemon was fired the following season on June 30, 1978, by Veeck after Chicago posted a 34 – 40 record in the first half of the 1978 season.	.	PUNCT	He	PRON	 He
During World War II, he made many personal appearances to advance the war effort, including his last appearance as a player at Yankee Stadium, in a 1943 exhibition for the Army – Navy Relief Fund. He hit a long fly ball off Walter Johnson; the	the	DET	blast	NOUN	 blast
The launch of a fourth monthly title in 1990, the " adjectiveless " Spider Man (with the storyline " Torment "), written and drawn by popular artist Todd McFarlane, debuted with several different covers, all with the same interior content. The various versions	versions	NOUN	combined	VERB	 combined
Gulls have more generalised bills that reflect their more opportunistic lifestyle. Pursuit diving exerts greater pressures (both evolutionary and physiological) on seabirds, but the reward is a greater area in which to feed than is available to surface feeders. Propulsion underwater can be provided by	by	ADP	wings	NOUN	 wings
Congress responded to rampant discrimination against racial minorities in public accommodations and government services by passing the Civil Rights Act of 1964. The Act included some voting rights protections; it required registrars to equally administer literacy tests in writing to each voter and to accept applications that contained	contained	VERB	minor	ADJ	 minor
Domnall's rise to power in the Kingdom of Dublin took place in 1075, after the expulsion of the reigning Gofraid mac Amlaíb meic Ragnaill, King of Dublin by the latter's overlord, Toirdelbach Ua Briain, King of Munster. The circumstances surrounding Domnall's accession	accession	NOUN	are	AUX	 are
Brown and Donewald spoke at the church, urging them to stop protesting at the strip club and saying, " It's not our job to tell these women that it's time to get out of there... Just love them. Let the Holy Spirit draw them	them	PRON	out	ADP	 out
" In their articles, the champions of each state argued that Pike's account of his route supported their site, and entirely ruled out the other. Both sides also argued that Pike's description of the local topography matched their site and differed significantly from the other	other	ADJ	.	PUNCT	.
At 08: 00, nearing the top of Hill 464, it surprised and killed three North Korean soldiers. Soon after, North Korean automatic weapons and small arms fire struck the company. All day G Company maneuvered around the hill but never gained its crest.	.	PUNCT	At	ADP	 At
" Whitney Matheson wrote for USA Today that " Mole Hunt " was " crude and offbeat " but " also very funny and a welcome addition to [her] DVR queue. " Maureen Ryan, writing for the Chicago Tribune, applauded both the voice cast and	and	CCONJ	the	DET	 the
Regardless, speculation arose that Nintendo was instead using the event as an excuse to limit shipment and keep the demand high. As a precursor to the North American release, Gold and Silver were displayed for audiences to interact with at the 2000 American International Toy Fair in	in	ADP	New	PROPN	 New
" Although the sound designers insisted that Bakshi needed to re record the dialogue in the studio, Bakshi persisted on their inclusion. Almost all of the film's dialogue, except for that of a few of the main characters, was recorded entirely on the streets of	of	ADP	New	PROPN	 New
About 65 species of medium to large thrushes are in the genus Turdus, characterised by rounded heads, longish, pointed wings, and usually melodious songs. The common blackbird seems to be closest in evolutionary terms to the island thrush (T. poliocephalus) of Southeast Asia	Asia	PROPN	and	CCONJ	 and
There was a weak center that had good outflow. On October 25, the IMD classified the system as a depression about 925 km (575 mi) southeast of Kolkata. The system moved to the northwest and developed more convection close to the center, although the	the	DET	thunderstorms	NOUN	 thunderstorms
They form a " Hero Team " along with Benimaru Nikaido and Shingo Yabuki. The Hero Team is taken to a NESTS base, where they meet NESTS ' agent Krizalid, who claims that K ' was cloned from him; both are ignorant of the fact that	that	SCONJ	K′	PROPN	 K′
The test comes back negative, but while looking through her medical records, Dr Hartman discovers that Lois ' mother is a Jewish Holocaust survivor, making Lois and her children Jewish by heritage. Barbara confirms her heritage, and Carter admits he kept it a family secret	secret	NOUN	so	SCONJ	 so
It became a must have book for middle class parents in China. The popularity of Harvard Girl made Liu a " national superstar " and an " idol " for Chinese parents, and she frequently received fan mail and drew large crowds at book signings in mainland China	China	PROPN	.	PUNCT	.
This air sac leaves distinctive marks or opening on the bones, including a distinct opening in the upper arm bone (humerus). While extensive air sac systems are a unique characteristic of saurischian dinosaurs, the clavicular air sac necessary to vocalize does not appear in the	the	DET	fossil	NOUN	 fossil
Fisichella retired with further brake problems on lap 32. Häkkinen set the fastest lap of the race, a 1: 20.028 on lap 33, as he continued to stretch his lead over Michael Schumacher. Coulthard, who was on fresh tyres, gradually began to close	close	VERB	the	DET	 the
They were supposedly relegated to training duties once the Germans began to deliver Panzerkampfwagen IV medium tanks in 1944, but apparently remained in service into the Fifties. But Kliment and Francev claim that the T 11s participated in the fighting in Yugoslavia and ended the war south of	of	ADP	Vienna	PROPN	 Vienna
Within hours of UDI, the UN General Assembly passed a condemnatory resolution, by 107 to two — South Africa and Portugal voted against, and France abstained — decrying Rhodesia's actions and calling on Britain to end " the rebellion by the unlawful authorities in Salisbury "	"	PUNCT	.	PUNCT	.
He said that he discovered this force by reading Creative Mind by Ernest Holmes. However, in August 2011, Zito became a Christian, saying he " committed to Jesus Christ as his Lord and Savior. " Zito explained that God got his attention through his being	being	AUX	left	VERB	 left
The 30th Brigade concentrated west of Selfit in preparation of a follow up advance through the 29th Brigade when it reached Quza on the Damascus road. A strong Ottoman rearguard at Rujib, 2 miles (3.2 km) south of Nablus, delayed the infantry attack for "	"	PUNCT	no	PRON	 no
In this episode, as a rebel alien race secretly attacks several groups of former alien abductees, the agents meet Cassandra Spender (Veronica Cartwright), a woman who claims to be a multiple abductee and wants to deliver a positive message about aliens. Agent Mulder,	,	PUNCT	now	ADV	 now
Pleased with his achievements, he greets Death as an old friend and chooses to leave with him as equals. Sotheby's deputy director Dr. Philip W. Errington described the handmade edition as " one of the most exciting pieces of children's literature " to have passed through	through	ADP	the	DET	 the
Within a month of the Hogwarts Express ' opening, one million riders had ridden the attraction. It had taken approximately two and a half years to develop. Theme park guests may use the Hogwarts Express to travel between Hogsmeade and King's Cross in London, close	close	ADJ	to	ADP	 to
A recording of " Severed Hand, " a song that later appeared on the band's next studio album Pearl Jam, was attempted during the recording sessions; however the band only spent a few hours on the song before it was shelved. " Last Soldier,	,	PUNCT	"	PUNCT	 "
This census reported 1.23 million self identified ethnic Chinese living in the colony, representing 2.03 percent of the total population, and was perceived to be an accurate account of the group's population. Ethnic information would not be collected again until the 2000 census and so was	was	AUX	deduced	VERB	 deduced
The scattered disc, however, is dynamically active, and is far more likely to be the place of origin for comets. Comets pass from the scattered disc into the realm of the outer planets, becoming what are known as centaurs. These centaurs are then sent	sent	VERB	farther	ADV	 farther
The Tadcaster brewery was substantially redeveloped and expanded throughout 1974. Courage closed down the Barnsley brewery in 1976 with the loss of 200 jobs, and the 200 Barnsley public houses were supplied from Tadcaster. Courage argued that modernization of the Barnsley site would have required " massive	massive	ADJ	"	PUNCT	 "
All five series of the original show, plus the " Scary (Halloween) Special ", " Ridiculous Romance " & the " Frightful First World War Special " and " Horrible Christmas " have been released on Region 2 DVD by 2entertain for the BBC, both	both	CCONJ	individually	ADV	 individually
Construction on the highway began in 1928, which involved the boring of three tunnels. Previously, the road was signed as U.S. Route 40 Alternate, crossing the Sierra Nevada at a lower elevation than Donner Pass on US 40, now Interstate 80 (I 80)	)	PUNCT	.	PUNCT	.
Historian Lise Hull has suggested that the creation of castles in Scotland was " less to do with conquest " and more to do with " establishing a governing system ". These were primarily wooden motte and bailey constructions, of a raised mount or motte, surmounted by	by	ADP	a	DET	 a
The typical cap of peasants from the Šumadija region of Serbia, the šajkača eventually acquired a dual purpose: during times of peace it was worn in the countryside, and in wartime it became part of the standard Serbian military uniform. During World War I, the	the	DET	cap	NOUN	 cap
He and several other Cuban gay activists participated in a radio call in show to hear people say homosexuals should be deported, forced into concentration camps, or executed. Ramos shot himself a few days later after telling a friend, " I didn't know they hated	hated	VERB	us	PRON	 us
A New York Times profile at the time said that McCain seemed " poised to emerge as a significant figure in national politics ". At the same time, McCain's increasing involvement in Arizona state party politics caused resentment on the part of some other Republicans. This	This	PRON	led	VERB	 led
It quickly degenerated into a remnant low, which itself moved slowly southwestward over Texas. The low eventually dissipated on September 11 over northeastern Mexico. The storm brought heavy rainfall in Mexico and Texas. The storm also caused six tornadoes, up to 20 in (510	510	NUM	mm	NUM	 mm
They are mostly built from the same carboniferous limestone used at the castle. The eight towers along the wall are mostly " gap backed ", lacking walls on the inside of the towers, and originally included removable wooden bridges to allow sections of the walls to be	be	AUX	sealed	VERB	 sealed
Brantford further inducted Gretzky into its " Walk of Fame " in 2004. On May 10, 2010, he was awarded The Ambassador Award of Excellence by the LA Sports & Entertainment Commission. Almost immediately after retirement, several NHL teams approached him about an ownership role	role	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
A player may not distract or annoy another player by any means, including repeatedly offering a draw (Schiller 2003: 30 – 31,49 – 52). Due to increasing concerns about the use of chess engines and outside communication, in 2014 FIDE banned all mobile phones	phones	NOUN	from	ADP	 from
The first verse follows on 38 seconds with Rhys accompanied by a basic 4 / 4 beat provided by drummer Dafydd Ieuan, sparse bass guitar and a melody line played by Huw Bunford on guitar. The first chorus enters at 1 minute 4 seconds with Rhys singing the	the	DET	words	NOUN	 words
This replica is on display at Dorset County Museum in Dorchester. It is taken from the museum twice a year, on May Day and St. George's Day, when it is used by the Wessex Morris Men as part of their seasonal festivities. In 2005,	,	PUNCT	a	DET	 a
Two hours later, at 5 am, Jadid launched his coup. Not long after, the attack on al Hafiz's private residence began, led by Salim Hatum and Rifaat al Assad, and supported by a squadron of tank units led by Izzad Jadid. Despite	Despite	SCONJ	a	DET	 a
During the Albanian National Awakening (1831 – 1912), the city was a major centre of the movement, and some groups in the city were reported to carry portraits of Skanderbeg, the national hero of the Albanians during this period. Given its large Greek population	population	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
Solemnity does not suit them and fanatical monomanias are unimaginable in this context. An ecstatically nationalist Mitică is a contradiction in terms, since his formula in life is accommodation, adaption to the situations. " The character and his counterparts have been understood as purveyors and exponents	exponents	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
It is a Grade II * listed building, and scheduled monument. The cylindrical stone dovecote has a cone shaped roof. It contains over 300 nest boxes. The pigeons would have been domesticated for food, possibly by Montacute Priory or by the local lord of the	the	DET	manor	NOUN	 manor
One of the difficulties he faced in acquiring the best continental art was that the War of the Spanish Succession (1701 – 1714), which was a key factor in his great wealth, also made it more difficult to import art directly from Italy. Even so	so	ADV	,	PUNCT	,
Just as with its land counterpart, the exact size of the Byzantine navy and its units is a matter of considerable debate, owing to the scantness and ambiguous nature of the primary sources. One exception are the numbers for the late 9th and early 10th century,	,	PUNCT	for	ADP	 for
The player monitors phone calls as part of a government surveillance program to find public threats. The player unlocks chains of emails by completing a series of puzzles wherein a beam is reflected around a room to a set destination. TouchTone's core concept grew from a two	two	NUM	day	NOUN	 day
Back in Crowborough, after several months ' hard application under the guidance of his tutor, the future Lord Justice Pearson, Driberg won a classics scholarship to Christ Church, Oxford. Oxford in 1924 featured an avant garde aesthetic movement in which personalities such as Harold Acton	Acton	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
The resulting radius can be roughly approximated (within 2% of exact value) by: <formula> where <formula> is the approximate radius, <formula> is the wheelbase, <formula> is the lean angle, <formula> is the steering	steering	NOUN	angle	NOUN	 angle
The plan called for protection of the German ships at all costs. The crews were told that if they ran out of ammunition they must ram the enemy aircraft. To the relief of the night fighters they were assigned to the first line reserves. The operation,	,	PUNCT	which	PRON	 which
11). The walls of the nave are now very low or even at foundation level, except one section in the south wall which is near its original height. This section has windows that appear to have been built in the 15th century to replace the 13th	13th	ADJ	century	NOUN	 century
The game propounds the conspiracy theory that all of human history is a lie and the human race's development and evolution were aided by extra terrestrials. The player attempts to uncover the truth through the course of the game by traveling to a variety of different worlds,	,	PUNCT	interacting	VERB	 interacting
Of this total, $1.5 million went to Hildale. The United States Department of Agriculture also provided $100,000 through the Emergency Watershed Protection program. The second flash flood incident occurred in Keyhole Canyon at Zion National Park after 0.63 in (16 mm) of rain	rain	NOUN	fell	VERB	 fell
He succeeded his father in 1910. He was the only Emperor of India to be present at his own Delhi Durbar. His reign saw the rise of socialism, communism, fascism, Irish republicanism, and the Indian independence movement, all of which radically changed the	the	DET	political	ADJ	 political
To comply with local railway regulations it was fitted with: a cowcatcher, bell, buckeye couplings, American style whistle, air brakes, and high intensity headlamp. Starting in Boston, Massachusetts, the tour ran into immediate problems, with some states increasing costs by	by	ADP	requiring	VERB	 requiring
In 1892, the City University of New York gave Shepard a Master of Laws degree and the University of Omaha gave him a Doctor of Laws degree. On January 11, 1893, Shepard addressed the House Committee on the Columbian Exposition in an effort to convince the	the	DET	committee	NOUN	 committee
When cities attempt to renovate neighborhoods, fans have called attempts to demolish iconic settings from cult films " cultural vandalism ". Cult films can also drive tourism, even when it is unwanted. As far back as the 1970s, Attack of the Killer Tomatoes (1978	1978	NUM	)	PUNCT	)
In Portugal, the album reached # 2 in the charts and attained silver certification for over 10,000 sales. The album reached # 46 in Germany and # 75 in Switzerland and remained in the charts for several weeks. A remixed version of " Movement 1 " is	is	AUX	included	VERB	 included
" If, " he said, " beginning one year from now, we were to cut military spending by 25 percent from its projected levels, we would still be immeasurably stronger than any combination of nations with whom we might be engaged. " Frank supports having	having	VERB	fewer	ADJ	 fewer
Although it surprised jazz listeners upon its release in 1977, Goin ' Home was praised by music critics for its reverent tone and stylistic deviation from Shepp's previous free jazz works. Shepp and Parlan were artistically satisfied with the album and subsequently recorded another album together,	,	PUNCT	Trouble	NOUN	 Trouble
Besides Christianity, ancestral worship is the most practised non Christian religion, involving spiritual intercession; the Mbira Dza Vadzimu, which means " Voice of the Ancestors ", an instrument related to many lamellophones ubiquitous throughout Africa, is central to many ceremonial proceedings. Mwari simply	simply	ADV	means	VERB	 means
Later, this battalion was also amalgamated with the 5th and 8th Battalions, to form the 2nd Brigade Battalion. During the war the 6th Battalion lost 1,066 killed and 2,017 wounded. Members of the battalion received the following decorations: one Victoria Cross, one Order of	of	ADP	St	PROPN	 St
It is a coincidence that his regnal number (III) was the same for both Orange and England. As King of Scotland, he is known as William II. He is informally known by sections of the population in Northern Ireland and Scotland as " King Billy	Billy	PROPN	"	PUNCT	 "
On August 26, 2010, on the anniversary of the signing of the Hawaiian Neutrality Proclamation, a bronze plaque was erected along the memorial pathway at the National Memorial Cemetery of the Pacific in Honolulu recognizing these " Hawaiʻi Sons of the Civil War ", the more	more	ADJ	than	ADP	 than
Only 18% of the population lives in areas where the power supply is more dependent on burning carbon, and the greenhouse gas emissions will be equivalent to a car rated at a combined fuel economy of 31 to 40 mpg US (7.6 to 5.9 L / 100	100	NUM	km	NOUN	 km
Founded in 1885, it is nicknamed " the Hatters " and affiliated to the Bedfordshire County Football Association. Its first team is contesting the fourth tier of English football, League Two, during the 2016 – 17 season. The club's history includes major trophy wins	wins	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
In addition, its interaction with the main belt of the Westerlies, by means of merging with a nearby frontal zone, can cause tropical cyclones to evolve into extratropical cyclones. This transition can take 1 – 3 days. Even after a tropical cyclone is said to	to	PART	be	AUX	 be
He justified the slowness of the process by saying that he was not simply trying to capture the Williams Wynn sisters ' appearance, but " to make a fine work of Art as well as a resemblance ". I can only regret I had it not in my	my	PRON	power	NOUN	 power
He received an M.A. in history in 1949. McGovern then returned to his alma mater, Dakota Wesleyan, and became a professor of history and political science. With the assistance of a Hearst fellowship for 1949 – 1950, he continued pursuing graduate studies during summers and	and	CCONJ	other	ADJ	 other
Joseph Priestley's sons Harry and Joseph chose to leave England for America in August 1793. Finally Priestley himself followed with his wife, boarding the Sansom at Gravesend on 7 April 1793. Five weeks after Priestley left, William Pitt's administration began arresting radicals for seditious	seditious	ADJ	libel	NOUN	 libel
" Charlie Don't Surf " featured several notable guest stars, including Matt Czuchry, Ryan Eggold, and San Giacomo, who plays Harmony Chase, a romantic interest for Keith. Actor Enrico Colantoni, who plays Keith, wanted San Giacomo to play the role of	of	ADP	Harmony	PROPN	 Harmony
" Disturbia " became Rihanna's fourth number one single on the Hot 100, which tied her at the time with Beyoncé Knowles and Mariah Carey for the most number one hits in the decade of 2000 – 2010. Notes ^ a denotes a vocal producer ^ b	b	PROPN	denotes	VERB	 denotes
Although supporters and their opponents closely linked the two movements, temperance received a broader hearing than the efforts toward equal suffrage. While the congregations of Protestant churches in Indiana supported temperance, few provided a forum for discussions on women's voting rights. The drive for woman	woman	NOUN	suffrage	NOUN	 suffrage
In his first trips abroad, Elgar visited Paris in 1880 and Leipzig in 1882. He heard Saint Saëns play the organ at the Madeleine and attended concerts by first rate orchestras. In 1882 he wrote, " I got pretty well dosed with Schumann (my ideal	ideal	NOUN	!	PUNCT	!
1973 was the fifth of nine consecutive seasons that Simpson led the team in rushing yards. It was also the first time Simpson would lead the NFL in rushing touchdowns, first time he would lead the league in yards from scrimmage and the second time he would lead	lead	VERB	the	DET	 the
Retrieved 16 February 2007. United States Air Force (2000). " Brigadier General Douglas J. " Doug " Richardson ". Air Force Link. Archived from the original on 19 March 2007. Retrieved 16 February 2007. United States Air Force (1998).	.	PUNCT	"	PUNCT	 "
From humble beginnings in a farming family in Ayrshire, he became a successful merchant and politician; he was a relation of Robert Burns and used his wealth to support Burns's orphaned children. As Lord Mayor of London, he led the funeral procession of Lord Nelson	Nelson	PROPN	in	ADP	 in
Although warm sea surface temperatures of 30° C (86° F) in the region favored development of a tropical cyclone, the southern trough developed substantially slower than the northern one. On December 19, the southern component was classified as Tropical Depression 03F by the	the	DET	Regional	PROPN	 Regional
Critics consider this new approach to heavy metal the greatest musical accomplishment of the NWOBHM and an important evolutionary step for the genre. A style more melodic and more akin to the hard rock of bands like Rainbow, Magnum, UFO, Thin Lizzy and Whitesnake was equally	equally	ADV	represented	VERB	 represented
He had included moments of comedy even in his tragic operas, for example in Un ballo in maschera and La forza del destino. For a comic subject Verdi considered Cervantes's Don Quixote and plays by Goldoni, Molière and Labiche, but found none of them wholly	wholly	ADV	suitable	ADJ	 suitable
The N114 road (EN 114), in the centre and southeast of the municipality, goes to Peniche, Rio Maior and Santarém. The N114 1 road (EN 114 1), in the centre and east of the municipality, connects the city centre to	to	ADP	N114	PROPN	 N114
The K – Pg boundary record of dinoflagellates is not as well understood, mainly because only microbial cysts provide a fossil record, and not all dinoflagellate species have cyst forming stages, thereby likely causing diversity to be underestimated. Recent studies indicate that there were no major	major	ADJ	shifts	NOUN	 shifts
He is once more seen performing a pregnancy scan on Amy which, as before, can not come to a conclusion to whether she is pregnant. The " Eye Patch Lady " also makes another brief appearance to Amy, similar to those in " Day of the	the	DET	Moon	PROPN	 Moon
In early September, the city hosts an annual event, Route 66 Days, to highlight its connection to the famous highway. There are no major league professional sports teams based in Flagstaff. However, from 1988 to 2012 (with the exception of the 2005 season	season	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
The album achieved worldwide sales of over 2.5 million copies. Four singles were commission in promotion of the album. The album's lead single, " Touch My Body ", became Carey's eighteenth chart topper on the Billboard Hot 100, making her the solo artist	artist	NOUN	with	ADP	 with
Cast member David Duchovny collaborated with Howard Gordon and Chris Carter for two episodes receiving story credit. New writers in the third season included story editor Jeffrey Vlaming who wrote two episodes, supervising producer Charles Grant Craig who wrote a single episode, Kim Newtown who wrote two	two	NUM	episodes	NOUN	 episodes
In the Tokyo area, the storm caused widespread power outages and severely disrupted the transportation system. During the storm, communications were severed with the Izu Peninsula, where damage was heaviest. Across the country, more than 520,000 homes were flooded, which is the most	most	ADJ	on	ADP	 on
Later that month, Dahl and several thousand Cohos occupied a teen disco in the Chicago suburbs. At the end of June, Dahl urged his listeners to throw marshmallows at a WDAI promotional van, which was at a shopping mall where a teen disco had been built	built	VERB	.	PUNCT	.
During these years, the secondary market transitioned from a niche sub category in which the majority of sellers were distressed to an active market with ample supply of assets and numerous market participants. By 2006 active portfolio management had become far more common in the increasingly developed secondary	secondary	ADJ	market	NOUN	 market
NY 228 begins at an intersection with NY 224 in Odessa. It progresses northward from NY 224 as the two lane Mecklenburg Road, crossing nearby railroad tracks and entering a more pronounced rural area north of town. The road gradually curves to the northeast, passing by	by	ADP	brief	ADJ	 brief
At school she had a tough time, since some girls bullied her because they envied her voice. To solve that problem, Dimov organized projects outside school. At fifteen, Turunen had her first major appearance as a soloist at a church concert in front of a	a	DET	thousand	NUM	 thousand
Resident killer whales swim with porpoises, other dolphins, seals, and sea lions, which are common prey for transient killer whales. Killer whales are notable for their complex societies. Only elephants and higher primates, such as humans, live in comparably complex social structures	structures	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
BT commented it was Capaldi's best contribution as the character of the Doctor to date. The video had a positive impact on those with mental health problems. Autism Daily Newscast reported favourably on Capaldi's actions. The Hollywood Reporter observed that as his character the Doctor	Doctor	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
Frequent brownouts resulting from the overtaxed national power grid produce power cuts to the THB breweries that have negatively affected the volume and cost effectiveness of production since the early 2000s. Star Breweries distributes THB through a network of regional wholesalers, who provide the product to local vendors	vendors	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
According to Viktor Mölders, his brother had saved Georg Küch, one of Werner Mölders ' closest friends, who had been classified as a half Jew by the Nuremberg Laws, from death in the concentration camps. Mölders ' and Küch's friendship dated to their school	school	NOUN	days	NOUN	 days
Although never intended for the low level role, the B 52's flexibility allowed it to outlast several intended successors as the nature of aerial warfare changed. The B 52's large airframe enabled the addition of multiple design improvements, new equipment, and other adaptations over	over	ADP	its	PRON	 its
Blind from an early age and self taught in the law, Chen is frequently described as a " barefoot lawyer " who advocates for women's rights, land rights, and the welfare of the poor. He is best known for accusing people of abuses in official	official	ADJ	family	NOUN	 family
The two merge and run north into Benzonia, following Michigan Avenue in town. Near the south shore of Crystal Lake, M 115 turns westward toward Frankfort and US 31 follows Michigan Avenue into Beulah, running around the eastern end of the lake. Near the eastern	eastern	ADJ	end	NOUN	 end
The Maple Leafs hosted the Ace Bailey All Star Benefit Game, which raised over $20,000 for Bailey and his family. While Conn Smythe was able to successfully build a new arena, numerous other teams experienced financial difficulties. With the folding of the Philadelphia Quakers (	(	PUNCT	originally	ADV	originally
The city's defenders ran out of water on May 8 (according to a report later submitted by Madero himself) and were confined to only a few buildings in the center of the city. Most of the fighting at this point was at close quarters; as	as	ADP	a	DET	 a
New York Times, Books Section (August 8, 1999) Can Civilizations Clash? American Philosophical Society Proceedings vol. 143, 3 (September, 1999) The Dreamer: The World According to Gorbachev Foreign Affairs (January / February 2000) The Nowhere Nation,	,	PUNCT	The	DET	 The
In Canada, " Work " debuted on the Canadian Hot 100 at number 98 for the week ending 27 September 2014, and reached a peak of number 87. It was certified gold by Music Canada (MC) for selling more than 40,000 copies. The accompanying	accompanying	VERB	music	NOUN	 music
Until 2014, the contest was conducted as part of the Henley Boat Races, but as of the 2015 race, it is held on the River Thames, on the same day as the men's main and reserve races. It was the first year of the	the	DET	reserve	NOUN	 reserve
During his final four seasons in the NHL, Conacher lived in Midland, Ontario. He remained in the community with his wife Fran and children Roy Jr., Mark and Candace. Keeping active in hockey, he coached Midland's junior C team to a provincial championship	championship	NOUN	and	CCONJ	 and
He took 12 catches in the Tests. In recognition of his performances, Tallon was named as one of the five Wisden Cricketers of the Year in 1949. Tallon's form as Australia's wicket keeper since World War II saw him selected for the 1948 Ashes tour	tour	NOUN	as	ADP	 as
The show was the creation of producer Robert Maxwell and animal trainer Rudd Weatherwax and was televised from September 12, 1954, to March 25, 1973. The fourth longest running U.S. primetime television series after The Simpsons, Gunsmoke, and Law & Order, the show	show	NOUN	chalked	VERB	 chalked
Fearing for Mulder's life, Deep Throat helped Scully gain access to a high containment facility, where she managed to secretly remove a cryogenically preserved alien fetus for use as collateral in saving Mulder. In the subsequent meeting between the operatives and Deep Throat, he was	was	AUX	gunned	VERB	 gunned
The episode was the highest rated show on the Fox network that week. Since airing, the episode has received mostly positive reviews from television critics. In 2003, it was placed tenth on Entertainment Weekly's top 25 The Simpsons episode list, and The Daily Telegraph	Telegraph	PROPN	characterized	VERB	 characterized
Kirk sessions, however, continued to meet largely unhindered, neither sanctioned nor recognised by the Commonwealth. The legal functions of the Privy Council and Court of Session were taken over by seven commissioners, four Englishmen and three Scots. These proved more impartial than previous judges	judges	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
In a 2000 phone interview for The New York Times, D ' Angelo maintained a neutral attitude towards general viewer opinion of the video, stating " With men, if there's any negative reaction, I'm not really going to get an honest feedback... women	women	NOUN	love	VERB	 love
Richard W. Thompson gave spoke in support of Washington as replies at the Second Baptist Lyceum on January 25 and Jesse Lawson did the same on February 3. In 1999, Jacqueline M. Moore argued that Thompson's paper failed to hold his ground against Ferris, who was	was	AUX	present	ADJ	 present
Horii liked the scenario of the grandfather paradox surrounding Marle. Concerning story planning, Horii commented, " If there's a fairground, I just write that there's a fairground; I don't write down any of the details. Then the staff brainstorm and come	come	VERB	up	ADP	 up
However, surface roots can be large and intrusive and the thin bark readily damaged when struck. Tolerant of acid or alkaline soils, it is hardy to US Hardiness Zones 10B and 11, reaching 10 m (35 ft) high in 30 years. Planting trees	trees	NOUN	8	NUM	 8
" The Beatles ' producer, George Martin, tells how Lennon " had an inborn dislike of his own voice which I could never understand. He was always saying to me: ' DO something with my voice!... put something on it... Make it different	different	ADJ	.	PUNCT	.
The games were played on October 1 and October 3, 1946, between the St. Louis Cardinals and Brooklyn Dodgers. It was necessary after both teams finished the season with identical win – loss records of 96 – 58. This was the first ever tie breaker series	series	NOUN	in	ADP	 in
Irons lends a tribal drum sound on the songs " Who You Are " and " In My Tree ". Irons stated, " To turn my drum music into a song is pretty challenging, but the guys have been really supportive of me doing it, and	and	CCONJ	we	PRON	 we
The Duke of Clarence referred to Conroy as " King John ", while the Duchess of Clarence wrote to the Duchess of Kent to advise that she was increasingly isolating herself from the Royal Family and that she must not grant Conroy too much power. The Duke of	of	ADP	Clarence	PROPN	 Clarence
Whitlock is the son of Raymond and Genny Whitlock. Whitlock was originally going to be named Sergio Nehemiah Whitlock, but his grandmother did not like the name. His father, who worked for Yellow Pages, opened up a phone book to a random page and put	put	VERB	his	PRON	 his
These three singles were also R & B Top Ten hits, with " Stoned Love " becoming their last No.1 R & B hit in December 1970. Songwriting / production team Nickolas Ashford & Valerie Simpson produced another Top 20 hit for the group, a Supremes /	/	SYM	Four	PROPN	 Four
In December 1776 General John Burgoyne met with Lord Germain, the British Secretary of State for the Colonies and the government official responsible for managing the war, to set strategy for 1777. There were two main armies in North America to work with: General Guy Carleton	Carleton	PROPN	's	PART	's
Mini games to unlock doors, extend bridges, or elevate platforms appear in most levels. On the desolate planet of Quartu, a mysterious factory is busy churning out mechanical soldiers. A flaw in the manufacturing instructions produces XJ 0461, a small, self aware robot	robot	NOUN	who	PRON	 who
These undeniable and documented facts did not coincide with the official published biography that the church had promulgated. During the trial's four weeks of testimony, the court heard evidence from Thomas S. Moulton, Hubbard's second in command aboard the USS PC 815. Moulton testified	testified	VERB	that	SCONJ	 that
The loop was also removed during this time. After another major incident occurred in 2009, it was announced that Son of Beast would be closed indefinitely. References to Son of Beast were removed from the park's website and map in early 2010. All signage,	,	PUNCT	including	VERB	 including
" Other kudos for the actors were provided by Respers France, who highlighted the " further great acting " seen during " Finn and Quinn's moment in his truck ", and E! Online's Jenna Mullins, who called the scene where Finn and Kurt help	help	VERB	Sue	PROPN	 Sue
The graduate students at Syracuse University are represented by the Graduate Student Organization (GSO) while the law students at Syracuse University are represented by the Law Student Senate. Each of the three organizations elects students to serve in the Syracuse University Senate, which also includes faculty	faculty	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
The New York Times ran a front page story repeating Jordan's charges. The Western Conference's eligibility rules had been at the center of Michigan's dispute with the conference for more than a year. Unlike the Western Conference, the eastern schools had looser eligibility standards	standards	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
During the era of steam locomotives, the town's primary industry was servicing trains for the Denver and Rio Grande Western Railroad (often shortened to D & RG, D & RGW, or Rio Grande). The fortunes of the town were closely linked with those	those	PRON	of	ADP	 of
Knight, a notorious strongman and intimidator, was able to have Eazy E release Young from his contract and, using Dr. Dre as his flagship artist, founded Death Row Records. In 1992 Young released his first single, the title track to the film Deep Cover	Cover	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
Farlotta became a finished spade bit horse who won both stock horse (reining) and western pleasure championships. Although loved and cared for by Varian, the mare had been neglected in her first two years prior to being purchased by Varian, and as a result of	of	ADP	underlying	ADJ	 underlying
The British lost five tanks destroyed and a further 13 were damaged but the tank regiments suffered no losses in personnel. Total casualties amounted to at least 206 men. The 1st Durham Light Infantry suffered the most during the operation losing 196 men killed, wounded or captured	captured	VERB	.	PUNCT	.
Among the seven passengers was John Bozeman. The freight wagons were carrying $80,000 in gold dust and $1500 in treasury notes. While camped on Blacktail Deer Creek, road agents " Dutch John " Wagner and Steve Marshland entered the camp, armed and ready to	to	PART	rob	VERB	 rob
The group that ate only white rice documented 161 crew members with beriberi and 25 deaths, while the latter group had only 14 cases of beriberi and no deaths. This convinced Takaki and the Japanese Navy that diet was the cause of beriberi, but they mistakenly believed	believed	VERB	that	SCONJ	 that
The Cure's " oppressively dispirited " albums Seventeen Seconds (1980), Faith (1981), Pornography (1982) and their opus Disintegration (1989) cemented that group's stature in that style and laid the foundation for its large cult following. The key	key	ADJ	British	ADJ	 British
Henry I refused to allow him to make the journey, but even without a personal appeal from Thurstan, Paschal decided against Canterbury. At the Council of Salisbury in 1116 the English king ordered Thurstan to submit to Canterbury, but instead Thurstan publicly resigned the archibishopric.	.	PUNCT	On	ADP	 On
The designer began with the bridge, which had nearly been completed. Michelson first removed Chekov's new weapons station, a semicircular plastic bubble grafted onto one side of the bridge wall. The idea for Phase II was that Chekov would have looked out toward space while	while	SCONJ	crosshairs	NOUN	 crosshairs
It was extremely hard work and not very well paid, but it attracted many Maori and European settlers, including women and children. There were many Dalmatians, who had first come to work the South Island goldfields in the 1860s. They were transient workers, rather	rather	ADV	than	ADP	 than
The law has been described as an attempt " to legislate against the law of supply and demand ", which made it doomed to fail. Nevertheless, the labour shortage had created a community of interest between the smaller landowners of the House of Commons and the greater	greater	ADJ	landowners	NOUN	 landowners
He had seen the way landladies in seaside resorts would, sometimes literally, push families out of the lodgings between meals, regardless of the weather. Butlin toyed with the idea of providing holiday accommodation that encouraged holiday makers to stay on the site and even provided entertainment	entertainment	NOUN	for	ADP	 for
One was located forward, and two were placed in a superfiring pair aft, all on the centerline. They were supplied with between 1,080 and 1,500 rounds of ammunition, for between 120 and 166 shells per gun. As built, the ship was also equipped with	with	ADP	two	NUM	 two
This would require a navigational error of at least 10°, and a complete revision of Morrell's timeline after leaving the South Sandwich Islands. Assuming that Morrell did not invent the experience, a possible explanation is that he witnessed a superior mirage. On March 19	19	NUM	Morrell	PROPN	 Morrell
However, continuous production of the amount of dust observed over the course of Vega's lifetime would require an enormous starting mass — estimated as hundreds of times the mass of Jupiter. Hence it is more likely to have been produced as the result of a relatively recent	recent	ADJ	breakup	NOUN	 breakup
Marlborough's two lines of cavalry had now moved to the front of the Duke's line of battle, with the two supporting lines of infantry behind them. Mérode Westerloo attempted to extricate some French infantry crowded in Blenheim, but Clérambault ordered the troops back into the	the	DET	village	NOUN	 village
Had the injury occurred a couple of years later he would have been able to have pioneering keyhole surgery, which could potentially have saved his career. After a seven month lay off and a further operation to remove cartilage, he returned to fitness in January 1982.	.	PUNCT	He	PRON	 He
Krause used the tooth as evidence that marsupials were present on the southern continents (Gondwana) as early as the late Cretaceous and Averianov and colleagues proposed that the tooth represented another example of faunal exchange between Africa and Europe at the time. UA 8699 was discovered in	in	ADP	a	DET	 a
He sat round and talked for a bit but he wasn't really there. " Waters was reportedly reduced to tears by the sight of his former bandmate, who was asked by fellow visitor Andrew King how he had managed to gain so much weight. Barrett said	said	VERB	he	PRON	 he
However, no damage reports were received there. In southern Baja California, a fisherman slipped off rocks due to strong seas, while an American tourist was swept out to sea due to rough surf; both were killed. Two others were killed in Sinaloa when their	their	PRON	truck	NOUN	 truck
393 – c. 457) mentions that in his time, the Qedar lived near Babylon. There are brief references to the Qedar in the writings of Western travellers to the Levant in the 19th century. Drawing on biblical motfis, comparisons are made between the Bedouins and	and	CCONJ	the	DET	 the
But the movie blows it. " It praised the directing of Jonathan Frakes and the computer generated special effects and gave the film two and a half stars overall. The Daily Herald also gave the film two and a half stars, describing it as a " slickly	slickly	ADV	made	VERB	 made
The bridge of the song features the repetition of the hook " You know you like it like this, " with Minogue's voice being vocoded. Chris True from AllMusic felt that through the lyrics, Minogue was admitting that releasing Impossible Princess in 1997 was not the	the	DET	best	ADJ	 best
Cohen also functioned as storyboard director, and Springer worked as storyboard artist. The episode originally aired on Nickelodeon in the United States on August 14, 1999. Series creator Stephen Hillenburg's original idea for the series pitch was that the writers would write a storyboard for	for	ADP	a	DET	 a
With Goku being Sun Wukong, Bulma as Xuanzang, Oolong as Zhu Bajie and Yamcha being Sha Wujing, he originally thought it would last about a year or end once the Dragon Balls were collected. Toriyama stated that although the stories are purposefully easy to understand,	,	PUNCT	he	PRON	 he
In all, Felix killed at least 130 people, and damage in Nicaragua totaled C $869.3 million (2007 NIO; $46.7 million 2007 USD, $53.3 thousand 2016 USD). A cold front that moved off the southeastern coast of the United States on	on	ADP	September	PROPN	 September
While many celebrated Carey's continued musical departure from her adult contemporary past, some felt the album was not as strong or as distinct as Butterfly. The album debuted at number two on the Billboard 200, with first week sales of 323,000. It was her first	first	ADJ	album	NOUN	 album
Here, the names of Tintin and Milou were retained, although the characters of Dupond and Dupont were renamed Thomson and Thompson; the latter two names would be adopted by translators Leslie Lonsdale Cooper and Michael Turner when they translated the series into English for Methuen Publishing in	in	ADP	1958	NUM	 1958
The A.V. Club's Myles McNutt stated that " ' Dwight K. Schrute, (Acting) Manager ' demonstrated that the show is perfectly capable of being funny without Carell ", but criticized the episode for not featuring more " subtle " humor. He ultimately gave the	the	DET	episode	NOUN	 episode
The venue consists of three hills, each tailor made for aerials, moguls and ski ballet, respectively. Above the Olympic hills is a 1 kilometer (0.6 mi) long tobogganing hill which uses the competitive area as a finish. At the base of the hill	hill	NOUN	is	AUX	 is
His remaining first class matches were low profile games against Oxford and Cambridge Universities; he played 13 games in his final three seasons. In his last first class game, in 1939, he captained MCC against Oxford, scoring 12 and 0. In all first class	class	NOUN	cricket	NOUN	 cricket
The dilapidated monastery was returned to the Church in the 1990s. The restoration of its church and other buildings was completed in 2005. Since around 1995 the relics have been kept in the Orthodox cathedral of Tirana, the capital of Albania, and are brought back to	to	ADP	the	DET	 the
The reanalysis added a previously undetected tropical storm in late October to the Atlantic hurricane database (HURDAT). Reanalysis also resulted in the eighth cyclone being downgraded from a Category 2 hurricane to a tropical storm. Nearly all of the season's 10 tropical cyclones impacted land	land	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
In the 1988 playoffs, the Lakers survived two 4 – 3 series against the Utah Jazz and the Dallas Mavericks to reach the Finals and face Thomas and the Detroit Pistons, known as the " Bad Boys " for their physical style of play. Johnson and Thomas	Thomas	PROPN	greeted	VERB	 greeted
It was General von Stulpnagel's lot to revive one of the most gruesome deeds. The world will rightfully be upset over so much inhumanity, and a hate will burn that can never be extinguished... How long will this reign of terror continue? Perhaps the single	single	ADJ	most	ADV	 most
The 14 (or possibly 15) peaks over 3,000 feet (914 m), all in Snowdonia, are known collectively as the Welsh 3000s. The Cambrian Mountains run from northeast to southwest and occupy most of the central part of the country. These are more	more	ADV	rounded	ADJ	 rounded
It offers over 50 higher educations, taught in Danish or sometimes in English, with vocational education and it participates in various research and development projects. Aarhus School of Architecture (Arkitektskolen Aarhus) was founded in 1965. Along with the Royal Danish Academy of Fine Arts	Arts	PROPN	of	ADP	 of
The jet, already several hours behind schedule, then suffered further delays taxiing to the runway. The weather had created heavy ground traffic at LaGuardia, and it was reported that there were queues of aircraft waiting for permission for takeoff. Investigators estimated that the plane took	took	VERB	between	ADP	 between
Several computer games based on the film were released, but not until several years after its theatrical run. An initial screening of Alien for 20th Century Fox representatives in St. Louis suffered from poor sound in the theater. A subsequent screening in a newer theater in Dallas	Dallas	PROPN	went	VERB	 went
Ryan McCaffrey of IGN also noted the new enemies as " some of the best " designs and concepts in the history of the franchise. Hollander Cooper of GamesRadar praised the improvements to the controls over its predecessor, stating that the game had an emphasis placed on fluidity	fluidity	NOUN	and	CCONJ	 and
The city government recognizes 63 neighborhood associations. The city's most dense commercial areas are primarily located along Interstate 70, U.S. Route 63, Stadium Boulevard, Grindstone Parkway, and the downtown area. As of the census of 2010, there were 108,500 people, 43,065	43,065	NUM	households	NOUN	 households
Identification of candidates for a type Ia supernova explosion is much more speculative. Any binary with an accreting white dwarf might produce a supernova although the exact mechanism and timescale is still debated. These systems are faint and difficult to identify, but the novae and recurrent novae	novae	NOUN	are	AUX	 are
For 2007, the university expanded its purchase of wind power to 132 million kilowatt hours. As a result, the EPA ranked NYU as one of the greenest colleges in the country in its annual College & University Green Power Challenge. NYU consistently ranks as one of	of	ADP	the	DET	 the
The center turned to the north northwest, and early on June 30 Bret dissipated inland over Mexico. Tropical Storm Bret produced heavy rainfall along its path, with a peak 24 ‑ hour rainfall total of 266 mm (10.47 inches) recorded in El Raudal, Veracruz	Veracruz	PROPN	;	PUNCT	;
This pyramid was most likely the burial place for Itzam K ' an Ahk II, and — seeing as how Ha ' K ' in Xook, Yo ' nal Ahk III, and K ' inich Yat Ahk II all revered the site as a dynastic shrine —	—	PUNCT	it	PRON	 it
In The Red Badge of Courage, the main character both longs for the heroics of battle but ultimately fears it, demonstrating the dichotomy of courage and cowardice. He experiences the threat of death, misery and a loss of self. Extreme isolation from society and community	community	NOUN	is	AUX	 is
Of the students graduating, 50% gained first class or 2: 1 degrees, which is below the national average of about 55%. The city of Salford is served by nine railway stations on four routes. Eccles and Patricroft are on the northern route of	of	ADP	the	DET	 the
The neckerchief is often worn with the Gilwell woggle. The axe and log logo was conceived by the first Camp Chief, Francis Gidney, in the early 1920s to distinguish Gilwell Park from the Scout Headquarters. Gidney wanted to associate Gilwell Park with the outdoors and Scoutcraft	Scoutcraft	NOUN	rather	ADV	 rather
If the wood is crosscut, the red rot is vertically positioned, on which bleached, infested areas contrast with intact wood. Symptoms of infestion by the symbiotic partner — wood wasps — include circular exit holes in the crust and acute stress through dryness, common in	in	ADP	hanging	VERB	 hanging
Bowfin prefer vegetated sloughs, lowland rivers and lakes, swamps, backwater areas, and are occasionally found in brackish water. They are well camouflaged, and not easy to spot in slow water with abundant vegetation. They often seek shelter under roots, and submerged logs	logs	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
It also has an 18 bed psychiatric area. In 1995, the hospital completed a multimillion dollar expansion and renovation program. There are 25 nursing homes in the Harrisburg and southeastern Illinois area. Three are located within the city. Harrisburg also has several clinics and specialized	specialized	ADJ	physicians	NOUN	 physicians
The soundtrack was released after the film's release and was acclaimed for " bringing an authentic and subtle flavour to the period of the film. " Kishore Kadam was also appreciated for writing lyrics which suitably noted the traditions followed by women during the period. Kaksparsh was	was	AUX	released	VERB	 released
Kempelen was inspired to build the Turk following his attendance at the court of Maria Theresa of Austria at Schönbrunn Palace, where François Pelletier was performing an illusion act. An exchange afterward resulted in Kempelen promising to return to the Palace with an invention that would top the	the	DET	illusions	NOUN	 illusions
On 3 March 1975 Amphibious Ready Group Alpha (Task Group 76.4), and the 31st Marine Amphibious Unit (Task Group 79.4) embarked and arrived at the designated station off Kampong Som in the Gulf of Thailand, the force comprised: Task Group 76.4 (Movement	Movement	PROPN	Transport	PROPN	 Transport
Born in 1926, Harper Lee grew up in the Southern town of Monroeville, Alabama, where she became close friends with soon to be famous writer Truman Capote. She attended Huntingdon College in Montgomery (1944 – 45), and then studied law at the University	University	PROPN	of	ADP	 of
Black finds her home, accompanied by paramedics who take her away. She gives Black the envelope — containing a phial of vaccine — and he thanks her, unable to discover what happened to Watts. Black takes his family to the woodland cabin, where he and	and	CCONJ	Catherine	PROPN	 Catherine
The Order waged a number of successful campaigns and posed a great danger to the Lithuanian territories. The Order's progress was halted by its defeat at the Battle of Saule in 1236, after which it almost collapsed. The following year, it merged into the Teutonic	Teutonic	PROPN	Knights	PROPN	 Knights
This was the first time that the name " Humberto " was used as it replaced Hugo (it was retired in 1989). It was a Cape Verde type hurricane that never approached land as it tracked across the central Atlantic Ocean. The storm developed west of	of	ADP	the	DET	 the
In 1930 he played three Five Nations ' matches, missing the England game, and did not score any tries. He did play all four matches in 1931, and scored his only tries of the Championship in the game against England. This was the fourth time	time	NOUN	he	PRON	 he
The label owes itself to the S III's use of the Android OS — the chief rival of Apple's iOS — as well as its design and features that rival the iPhone 4S such as Smart Stay, a large display, a quad core processor, Android	Android	PROPN	customizability	NOUN	 customizability
Lady is significant as Disney's first widescreen animated feature, produced in the CinemaScope process, and was the first Disney animated feature to be released by Disney's own distribution company, Buena Vista Distribution. By the mid 1950s, with Walt Disney's attention primarily set	set	VERB	on	ADP	 on
The Invasion of Normandy, which started on the early morning of 6 June 1944, was in full swing by the time Waldmann's Staffel arrived in France. The Western Allies were already breaking out of Normandy in what was codenamed Operation Cobra. II. / JG	JG	PROPN	3	NUM	 3
" According to music journalist Charles Shaar Murray, the album " completely changed notions of what a guitar could sound like, or indeed, what music could sound like ", while The Miami Herald credited Are You Experienced with introducing acid rock, classic rock, and	and	CCONJ	the	DET	 the
The Dude meets his bowling friends, the timid Donny (Steve Buscemi) and the temperamental Vietnam veteran Walter Sobchak (John Goodman). Encouraged by Walter, the Dude approaches the other Jeffrey Lebowski (David Huddleston), the eponymous " Big Lebowski ", a	a	DET	cantankerous	ADJ	 cantankerous
In 2000, construction began on several new duplexes to fill land that was unused, resulting in housing for several dozen additional students. The duplexes housed six students per side, for a total of 12 students each. In 2003, the university continued the project by	by	ADP	tearing	VERB	 tearing
Staff writers of TV.com called this character progression for " seemingly one note characters " a strength of the show, as similarly applied to the Ice King. Writing in DVD Talk, Adam Tyner described the episode as showing Finn at his most embarrassing. In memoriam of	of	ADP	Piper	PROPN	 Piper
They confront each other, then sing a barbed version of the duet " I Don't Want to Know " as their glee club assignment. Quinn then gives an ultimatum: if Finn wants their relationship to continue, he can not sing any more duets with Rachel	Rachel	PROPN	.	PUNCT	.
" Treatment of uric acid gravel by phosphate of soda ", Medical Gazette, p. 689, 23 August 1844. " Infantile syphilis ", Guy's Hospital Reports, p. 130, April 1845. " Treatment of disease by moist air ", Medical Gazette,	,	PUNCT	p.	PROPN	 p.
The Krittivasi Ramayana, possibly influenced by Jain narratives, portrays Trijata appealing to Sita to we d Ravana and rule as the queen of Lanka; it is Sarama who functions as Sita's friend in this version. Numerous Ramayana adaptations record the gratitude of Sita and Rama	Rama	PROPN	who	PRON	 who
Before 1812, while Illinois had a first grade territorial status, Edwards had vast powers to appoint county and local officials; however, he made it his practice to consider local opinion as much as he could when making appointments, often giving weight to petitions signed by	by	ADP	local	ADJ	 local
A fourth Beta process building, 9204 4, was authorized on 2 April 1945 and was completed by 1 December 1945. A new group of Alpha chemistry buildings known as the 9207 group was commenced in June 1944, but work was halted in June 1945 before they	they	PRON	were	AUX	 were
These alternatives may reduce the rate of weight loss of bears when on land. One scientist found that 71% of the Hudson Bay bears had fed on seaweed (marine algae) and that about half were feeding on birds like sea ducks, especially the oldsquaw (	(	PUNCT	53	NUM	53
The TGS with Tracy Jordan crew have finished taping their fiftieth episode and decide to celebrate. Their boss, Vice President of East Coast Television and Microwave Oven Programming for General Electric, Jack Donaghy (Alec Baldwin), goes to the writers ' room and tells the	the	DET	show	NOUN	 show
At the same time, the later part of the century saw the emergence of specialisation and a number of masters focused on detailing landscape, most notably Konrad Witz in the mid 15th century, and later Joachim Patinir. Most innovations in this format came from artists living	living	VERB	in	ADP	 in
NY 63 briefly overlaps the east – west trunk road before resuming a northerly, downhill alignment toward the town of Yates. The route passes through the village of Lyndonville as Main Street, crossing over Johnson Creek in the center of the community before intersecting NY 18 about	about	ADV	1.5	NUM	 1.5
A cornerstone of the genre. " Sputnikmusic calls it " a classic in the world of metal ", while BBC Music praised the record's complex arrangements, stating " Whereas even some of the venerable HM institutions (think Black Sabbath) would struggle to make material	material	NOUN	that	PRON	 that
Kuhn played guard on the basketball team and was a shortstop on the baseball team which won a 1921 conference championship. He was known as a streaky hitter but a star defensive player and was selected All Southern in 1921 and 1922. Kuhn moved to Tampa after graduation	graduation	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
In the absence of suitable plants, the eggs may also be deposited on leaf litter, stones, or even plastic bags. In the northern crested newt, a female takes around five minutes for the deposition of one egg. Crested newt females usually lay around 200	200	NUM	eggs	NOUN	 eggs
On 1 March 1546, he was burnt at the stake in the presence of Cardinal Beaton. Knox had avoided being arrested by Lord Bothwell through Wishart's advice to return to tutoring. He took shelter with Douglas in Longniddry. Several months later he was still in	in	ADP	charge	NOUN	 charge
Being eager for knowledge, Faramir learned much from Gandalf about the history of the realm and about the death of Isildur. Gondor had long been threatened by the nearby realm of Mordor, and in 3018 the Dark Lord Sauron began the War of the Ring, attacking	attacking	VERB	the	DET	 the
With three singles successfully released, the band decided to abandon their initial plans of issuing " Don't Panic " as the fourth single of the album, deemed enough for a single album in the United Kingdom. " Don't Panic ", however, was eventually	eventually	ADV	released	VERB	 released
Nevertheless, Seward was pleased that both nations would not meet with Confederate commissioners or recognize the South as a nation. Britain did not challenge the Union blockade of Confederate ports, and Seward wrote that if Britain continued to avoid interfering in the war, he would not	not	PART	be	AUX	 be
As simple ultra vires concerns the exact powers conferred upon government ministers and statutory bodies, statutory interpretation is arguably the most important exercise the courts need to engage in to determine the scope of powers laid out in the statute. Hence, the cases decided are fact specific	specific	ADJ	and	CCONJ	 and
While only P. fimbriata (in Queensland) captures cursorial spiders in their nests, all Portia species steal eggs from empty nests of cursorial spiders.: 448 The venom of Portia is unusually powerful against spiders.: 491 When a Portia stabs a small to medium spider	spider	NOUN	(	PUNCT	 (
" The song had a huge impact on Bruce Springsteen, who was 15 years old when he first heard it. Springsteen described the moment during his speech inducting Dylan into the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame in 1988 and also assessed the long term significance of "	"	PUNCT	Like	ADP	 Like
According to Wicaksono Adi, in his review for Kompas, Adjeng's writing is her therapy, as it entails constant reconstruction and deconstruction of her troubled past; he posits that this ultimately allows Adjeng to fight back against the authority figures who had troubled her since she	she	PRON	was	AUX	 was
Elsewhere in the lyrics to " Circles ", Harrison contemplates the changing nature of friendship as, over the course of lifetimes, according to Inglis, " our enemies become our companions, affections turn into hatred ". Lindsay Planer of AllMusic writes that Harrison carried out	out	ADP	"	PUNCT	 "
After the declaration of independence for the Republic of Macedonia in 1991, several private universities were brought to existance. The largest private universities in Skopje are currently European University with 7 departments and FON University with 9 departments respectively. Skopje is the largest media center in Macedonia	Macedonia	PROPN	.	PUNCT	.
Republicans nominated Judge Edward C. O'Rear to oppose McCreary. There were few differences between the two men's stands on the issues. Both supported progressive reforms such as the direct election of senators, a non partisan judiciary, and the creation of a public utilities commission.	.	PUNCT	McCreary	PROPN	 McCreary
In the 56th minute, Cogan had a shot from the edge of the penalty area after out muscling defenders Steve McNulty and Paul Jones. In Grays ' next match against Canvey Island in the Essex Senior Cup on 23 December, Cogan scored a late penalty in the	the	DET	90th	ADJ	 90th
It is about the relationship between three men: Dominic Baciagalupo, an Italian American cook with " the look of a man long resigned to his fate ", his son Daniel (Danny), who grows up to be a famous novelist, and Ketchum, a	a	DET	"	PUNCT	 "
In the closing days of December 1958, Guevara's task was to cut the island in half by taking Las Villas province. In a matter of days he executed a series of " brilliant tactical victories " that gave him control of all but the province's capital	capital	NOUN	city	NOUN	 city
Kellex's technical director, Percival C. Keith, disagreed, arguing that his company could get it ready and produce it more quickly than the Norris Adler barrier. Groves listened to the British experts before he formally adopted the Kellex barrier on 5 January 1944. The United	United	PROPN	States	PROPN	 States
Thus, they serve to emphasis the welfare state model of the Constitution and emphasise the positive duty of the State to promote the welfare of the people by affirming social, economic and political justice, as well as to fight income inequality and ensure individual dignity, as	as	SCONJ	mandated	VERB	 mandated
The original Nancy Drew Mystery Stories series started in 1930, and ended in 2004. Launched that same year, the Girl Detective series features Nancy driving a hybrid electric vehicle and using a cell phone. In 2013, the Girl Detective series ended, and a new	new	ADJ	current	ADJ	 current
" Lichtenstein once said of his technique: " I take a cliche and try to organize its forms to make it monumental. " The painting was, for the most part, well received by art critics when first exhibited. A November 1963 Art Magazine review by	by	ADP	Donald	PROPN	 Donald
" In addition, Fonda told The New York Times in 1973, " I'm quite sure that there were incidents of torture... but the pilots who were saying it was the policy of the Vietnamese and that it was systematic, I believe that's a lie	lie	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
The intake design for Concorde's engines was especially critical. The intakes had to provide low distortion levels (to prevent engine surge) and high efficiency for all likely ambient temperatures to be met in cruise. They had to provide adequate subsonic performance for diversion cruise and	and	CCONJ	low	ADJ	 low
" Usually, the boys and / or other characters ponder over what has transpired during an episode and convey the important lesson taken from it with a short monologue. During earlier seasons, this speech would commonly begin with a variation of the phrase " You know,	,	PUNCT	I	PRON	 I
Instead it carried the picture of a train station and an engine. " Holiday " was later remixed in dub and groove versions for the 1987 remix album You Can Dance It also appeared in her first greatest hits compilation, The Immaculate Collection, in a remixed and	and	CCONJ	shortened	VERB	 shortened
Conroy was the subject of numerous discussions Victoria had with Stockmar on the first day of her reign. At the same time, Conroy created a list of demands to give to Stockmar with the intent that he pass them on to Prime Minister, Lord Melbourne. Conroy	Conroy	PROPN	demanded	VERB	 demanded
Postcranial remains of Palaeopropithecus had previously been paired with Megaladapis by Guillaume Grandidier, who viewed it as a giant tree sloth, which he named Bradytherium. Standing's aquatic theory was supported by Italian paleontologist Giuseppe Sera, who reconstructed Palaeopropithecus as an " arboreal aquatic acrobat "	"	PUNCT	that	SCONJ	 that
I think the feeling in the dressing room was that the game had been a bit of a cock up. " England toured India and Sri Lanka that winter, and Agnew was included in the tour party. However, he failed to be selected for a Test	Test	NOUN	match	NOUN	 match
When he gets there, he makes small talk with Svea, who owns the boarding house where he stays when there and whom he now may never see again. Back in Oslo, his colleagues throw him a farewell party, but Odd — a timid man —	—	PUNCT	is	AUX	 is
There is an ancient tree, the Birnam Oak, standing a few hundred metres from the centre of Birnam. It may well have been part of Birnam Wood at the time of the battle 900 years ago, and remains part of the legend. Research into the	the	DET	possible	ADJ	 possible
Nelson featured arrangements of acoustic guitar, accompanied by piano, played by his sister, Bobbie, as well complementary arrangements of drums, harmonica and mandolin. The sparsely instrumented acoustic arrangements caused Columbia directors to doubt the wisdom of releasing the album as presented, feeling it	it	PRON	was	AUX	 was
Naruto Shippūden: Gekitou Ninja Taisen EX 2 marks the first appearance of Orochimaru in a video game set in Part II, with the second one being Naruto Shippūden: Narutimate Accel. Orochimaru has been featured consistently in the Weekly Shonen Jump popularity polls, commonly placing in	in	ADP	the	DET	 the
In the 1950s and 1960s, a proposal was made to construct a freeway in western Nassau County. The Western Nassau Expressway, as it was known, would have extended from NY 27 to NY 101 and utilized the NY 101 corridor north of NY 25A. The proposal	proposal	NOUN	was	AUX	 was
Among his earliest memories were folk songs she sang to him. The household was not rich, but the family was comfortable, and the two boys had happy childhoods. Ravel senior delighted in taking his sons to factories to see the latest mechanical devices, but he	he	PRON	also	ADV	 also
Frank and Roo decide to get married because she is pregnant. Downing said that the serial was approaching sex before marriage in a liberal way. The writers dealt with it " sensibly " because Frank and Roo make up their own minds. She added that it was	was	AUX	important	ADJ	 important
" In 2007, Rowling described her religious background in an interview with the Dutch newspaper De Volkskrant: " I was officially raised in the Church of England, but I was actually more of a freak in my family. We didn't talk about religion in our	our	PRON	home	NOUN	 home
Following Napoleon's defeat in 1814, the islands were ceded to the British in the Treaty of Paris, who administered them as a dependency of the Colony of Mauritius. Although the slaves were given their freedom in 1835, many remained on the Chagos Islands as contract	contract	NOUN	workers	NOUN	 workers
At the New South Wales Championships in January 1997, Thorpe's time of 3 min 59.43 s in the 400 m was eight seconds faster than his previous personal best; it made him the first 14 year old to cover the distance in less than four minutes on	on	ADP	Australian	ADJ	 Australian
The finds included a moderately large villa at Chew Park, where wooden writing tablets (the first in the UK) with ink writing were found. There is also evidence from the Pagans Hill Roman Temple at Chew Stoke. In October 2001 the West Bagborough Hoard of	of	ADP	4th	ADJ	 4th
There are bastions on the north west and north east corners, and two triangular spurs, originally equipped with cannons, project from the defences on the west and east sides, with assembly points for infantry soldiers on the inside. A replica wooden bridge runs from the	the	DET	outer	ADJ	 outer
Two high schools in Wales were used for filming: Fitzalan High School in Leckwith was used on 23 August and 24 August 2005, for filming the first conversation between the Doctor and Finch, and for the playground, kitchen, and cafeteria scenes, and Duffryn High	High	PROPN	School	PROPN	 School
" Shantayaé Grant of The Jamaica Observer wrote that " acting is spectacular, the emotions are real and this story of black triumph is simply phenomenal. " New York Press critic affirmed that Akeelah and the Bee " resurrects a nearly lost idea of what an art movie	movie	NOUN	really	ADV	 really
The fruit bodies are typically found growing in large numbers, sometimes in clumps, though solitary specimens are occasionally encountered. Several bodies can be connected at their bases, or younger bodies can grow out of the bases of older ones. The youngest fruit bodies are conical	conical	ADJ	in	ADP	 in
These correspond to the 28 basic and two intercalary nights of the old Rapa Nui lunar calendar. These thirty nights, starting with the new moon, are divided into eight groups by a " heralding sequence " of four glyphs (above, and colored purple on the	the	DET	tablet	NOUN	 tablet
Æthelstan sent his half sister Eadhild to be Hugh's wife. Æthelstan's most important European alliance was with the new Liudolfing dynasty in East Francia. The Carolingian dynasty of East Francia had died out in the early tenth century, and its new Liudolfing king, Henry	Henry	PROPN	the	DET	 the
She later toured the region, helping to establish more than 75 chapters, and organized events to raise money for political prisoners. In 1984, Sagan was elected the honorary chair of Amnesty International USA. US President Bill Clinton awarded her the Presidential Medal of Freedom in	in	ADP	1996	NUM	 1996
In the 3 game November 21 – 23 2011 Maui Invitational Tournament, the team defeated the # 8 Memphis Tigers 73 – 61, lost to the # 6 Duke Blue Devils 82 – 75, and defeated the 2011 – 12 Pac 12 season favorite UCLA Bruins 79	79	NUM	–	PUNCT	 –
He was awarded a benefit year in 2008, following on from successful surgery on an injured metatarsal. He remains firm, however, on his decision to stay out of the England team for the sake of his health. On 15 March 2008, Somerset announced that	that	SCONJ	Trescothick	PROPN	 Trescothick
The 1992 ceremony at the memorial was attended by Canadian Prime Minister Brian Mulroney and at least 5,000 people. Subsequent smaller scale ceremonies were held at the memorial in 1997 and 2002. By the end of the century, the large number of repairs undertaken since the memorial	memorial	NOUN	's	PART	's
It is a small island which has a circumference of one mile (1.6 km) only. Once called " Paris of the East " for its exciting social life and tropical forests, the island was devastated by the invading army of the Japanese and also by an	an	DET	earthquake	NOUN	 earthquake
In early March the following year, Speedy, under the command of Thomas Elphinstone, joined a squadron cruising off Oneglia, Italy, under Commodore Horatio Nelson, consisting of the 64 gun ships HMS Agamemnon and HMS Diadem, the 32 gun frigates HMS Meleager and HMS	HMS	PROPN	Blanche	PROPN	 Blanche
After shooting Tom, Holliday tossed the shotgun aside, pulled out his nickel plated revolver, and continued to fire at Frank McLaury and Billy Clanton. Ike Clanton runs Wyatt told the court afterward that Ike Clanton had bragged that he would kill the Earps or Doc Holliday	Holliday	PROPN	at	ADP	 at
According to Dickinson, the band originally approached actor Vincent Price to record the passage, but asked Clayton after Price insisted on a fee of £25,000. Although the liner notes state that the passage is from Revelations 13: 18, the first line comes from 12	12	NUM	:	SYM	:
Cinematic director Jake Hughes independently combined the game's cut scenes into a two and a half hour film titled Anachronox: The Movie, released as 13 MPEG files on Machinima.com. The work was considered machinima's first feature length production (incorrectly: the longer film The	The	DET	Seal	PROPN	 Seal
" [A] ppropriate consideration for the vitality of our federal system and for a rational allocation of functions belies any easy inference that Congress intended to deprive the States of their ability to retain jurisdiction over such matters. " O'Connor then rejected the appellate court's reading	reading	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
She got revenge by convincing him to go skinny dipping and nicking his clothes. " Carolyn Stewart writing for TV Week felt it was unrealistic for Ruby and Nicole to be best friends after she has " actively pursued two of Nicole's ex boyfriends. " She criticised	criticised	VERB	Bianca	PROPN	 Bianca
Frusciante and Beinhorn fought frequently over guitar tone and layering, and Beinhorn's idea ultimately prevailed as Frusciante felt pressured by the producer's much greater knowledge of the studio. Kiedis recalls that " [Beinhorn] wanted John to have a big, crunching, almost metal	metal	NOUN	sounding	VERB	 sounding
In that Game 7, both centers were marvelous: Chamberlain scored 30 points and 32 rebounds, and Russell logged 16 points, 27 rebounds and eight assists. In the final minute, Chamberlain hit two clutch free throws and slam dunked on Russell, bringing Boston's	's	PART	lead	NOUN	 lead
On another occasion, he is said to have cut his way through a squadron of five hundred Turks, without receiving a wound; he had previously posted an ambuscade in a wood and was accompanied only by his brother and Axouch. Manuel had two wives. His	His	PRON	first	ADJ	 first
On 26 January 2015, a Greek F 16D crashed while performing a NATO training exercise in Albacete, Spain. Both crew members and nine French soldiers on the ground died when it crashed in the flight line, destroying or damaging two Italian AMXs, two French Alpha	Alpha	NOUN	jets	NOUN	 jets
Other countries have different thresholds according local sensitivity to hail; for instance grape growing areas could be adversely impacted by smaller hailstones. Hailstones can be very large or very small, depending on how strong the updraft is: weaker hailstorms produce smaller hailstones than stronger hailstorms (	(	PUNCT	such	ADJ	such
He said he was " physically exhausted and emotionally drained " after 25 years of coaching and needed a break. His last game was Notre Dame's 13 – 11 win in a rematch against Alabama in the Orange Bowl. He was succeeded by Dan Devine after 11	11	NUM	seasons	NOUN	 seasons
The winning couple are escorted away in a grand ceremony with " trompets, tabourets, and other manoir of mynstralcie ". Although this is a valuable prize, it does not seem to have been claimed very often. Horace Walpole, who visited Whichnoure in 1760,	,	PUNCT	reported	VERB	 reported
The highway was added to the state highway system in late October 1914. In 1916, construction began on an upgrade of Mitchell Street in Ithaca, again partially paid for by the state of New York. All of Mitchell Street was accepted into the state highway system	system	NOUN	on	ADP	 on
In a media statement published on the band's MySpace web page, lead singer Bernard Fanning, who originally wrote the song, said the inspiration came to him after " a trip that I took last year to Uluru ". He said it discussed the issue of	of	ADP	people	NOUN	 people
Darwin concluded: Finally, it may not be a logical deduction, but to my imagination it is far more satisfactory to look at such instincts as the young cuckoo ejecting its foster brothers, — ants making slaves, — the larvæ of ichneumonidæ feeding within the live	live	ADJ	bodies	NOUN	 bodies
In 2010, OSI signed with Metal Blade Records. The label reissued Office of Strategic Influence on September 28, 2010. Written and recorded throughout most of 2011, OSI's fourth album " Fire Make Thunder " was released on March 27, 2012. Gavin Harrison	Harrison	PROPN	of	ADP	 of
The original speech was written by Soviet officers. Cho entered North Korea with the Red army that year. Immediately after the liberation of Korea, Soviet authorities sent Cho, who was fluent in both Korean and Russian, to North Korea in order to shape the country	country	NOUN	's	PART	's
In the early 20th century, the local textile industry began to decline, which had a significant impact on the local economy. The boll weevil adversely affected southern cotton crops in this period. During the late 1940s, air conditioned mills opened in the southern United States	States	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
The parallel T beam bridges that carry I 15 over SR 161 at its northern terminus were constructed in 1966 along with the construction of I 15 though the area. The bridges carrying I 70 over SR 161 were constructed in 1973. The current route, codified into	into	ADP	Utah	PROPN	 Utah
A year later, in 1881, he met Scottish born millionaire Andrew Carnegie, and formed a syndicate with him to set up new newspapers and buy up others. Among those purchased were the Wolverhampton Express and Star, the Northern Daily Mail in Hartlepool and the Portsmouth	Portsmouth	PROPN	Evening	PROPN	 Evening
Readings from the Williamsport stream gauge, 24 miles (39 km) miles below Lock Haven on the West Branch of the Susquehanna, showed major flooding between 1889 and 1972 in the same years as the Harrisburg station; in addition, a large flood occurred on the	the	DET	West	PROPN	 West
Headed by Darryl Philbin (Craig Robinson), a group of employees write and perform a jingle for the commercial, which Michael ultimately rejects. Andy Bernard (Ed Helms), meanwhile, struggles throughout the day to recall the product name from an advertising jingle that	that	PRON	contains	VERB	 contains
Its upperparts and sides are grey, but elongated grey feathers with black central stripes are draped across the back from the shoulder area. The vent area is yellow, contrasting with the black underside of the tail, which has the central feathers elongated to as much as	as	ADP	10	NUM	 10
In the same weekend in territories outside North America, the film was on 14,725 screens. With approximately 5.1 million admissions, it grossed $37.3 million. China, Russia, and South Korea respectively had the film's largest weekend grosses among the territories. In South	South	PROPN	Korea	PROPN	 Korea
In 1896, Savage sued his publisher for $12,000 in unpaid royalties. The publisher, Frank Tennyson Neely, who had filed for bankruptcy five years earlier before accepting Savage as a client, argued that he did not owe Savage anything, instead, Savage owed him	him	PRON	.	PUNCT	.
In 2012, after the cancellation of their Psychoville, writers Steve Pemberton and Reece Shearsmith were commissioned to produce two series for the BBC by controllers Janice Hadlow and Cheryl Taylor, partially in response to Sky beginning to produce comedy. At the time, it was unclear	unclear	ADJ	whether	SCONJ	 whether
Baseball America rated Mottola as the 71st best prospect in baseball before the 1993 season. Playing a full season for the first time in 1993, he batted.280 for the Winston Salem Spirits with 21 home runs and led the Class A Advanced Carolina League with 91 RBIs.	.	PUNCT	He	PRON	 He
Multi channel, multi octave multiplexers were investigated by Harold Schumacher at Microphase Corporation, and his results were published in 1976. The principle that multiplexer filters may be matched when joined together by modifying the first few elements, thus doing away with the compensating resonators, was	was	AUX	discovered	VERB	 discovered
In total, " Trouble " spent four weeks within the top 100. Elsewhere, song made a brief appearance Swiss Singles Chart, where it peaked at number seventy five for one week before dropping off the chart, and at number ninety three on the South Korea	Korea	PROPN	Gaon	PROPN	 Gaon
Although Milian was a songwriter since her teenagers years, she only felt real growth during the production sessions when Dre told her, " there are no rules ". Previously, Milian would write songs that followed rules, where she would have a hook, a verse	verse	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
In order to bolster his defences and provide an increased offensive capability, on 21 May Dunstan ordered the Centurion tanks from C Squadron, 1st Armoured Regiment to redeploy the 120 kilometres (75 mi) from Nui Dat. Under the command of Major Peter Badman, the	the	DET	slow	ADJ	 slow
Brief Teaching Edition of Volume A, Space group Symmetry (4th ed.). Dordrecht: Kluwer Academic Publishers, for the International Union of Crystallography. ISBN 0 7923 4252 6. Charles W. Carter; Robert M. Sweet., eds. (1997).	.	PUNCT	Macromolecular	PROPN	 Macromolecular
The deposits often show layers starting with the least soluble at the bottom and the most soluble on top. Deposits of niter (potassium nitrate) are formed by decomposition of organic material in contact with atmosphere, mostly in caves; because of the good water solubility of	of	ADP	niter	NOUN	 niter
David Van Reybrouck praised the speech as " memorable ", but argued that it damaged Lumumba's own legacy. Since Lumumba and his party represented only a third of Congolese popular opinion, Van Reybrouck accused Lumumba's claim to speak for all Congolese people " divisive "	"	PUNCT	and	CCONJ	 and
Her publisher, Random House, placed the poems in Oh Pray in her first collection of poetry, The Complete Collected Poems of Maya Angelou (1994), perhaps to capitalize on her popularity following her reading of her poem " On the Pulse of Morning " at	at	ADP	President	PROPN	 President
Controversial to an older generation of readers, Konrad Wallenrod was seen by the young as a call to arms and was praised as such by an Uprising leader, poet Ludwik Nabielak. Miłosz describes Konrad Wallenrod (named for its protagonist) as " the most committed politically	politically	ADV	of	ADP	 of
The oxazolidinones are protein synthesis inhibitors: they stop the growth and reproduction of bacteria by disrupting translation of messenger RNA (mRNA) into proteins in the ribosome. Although its mechanism of action is not fully understood, linezolid appears to work on the first step of protein	protein	NOUN	synthesis	NOUN	 synthesis
He afterwards focused on literature, and, during the late 1920s and early 1930s, published most of his prose texts in the magazine Gândirea. The illegitimate and rebellious child of influential playwright Ion Luca Caragiale, he was the half brother of Luca Caragiale, an avant	avant	ADJ	garde	ADJ	 garde
Only 10 French tanks, out of 40, remained. In the two pitched battles the 7th Tank Battalion fought that day they lost 10 from 13. Delays on the right flank meant the 205th Infantry Regiment and 4th Tank Battalion did not reach their starting line until	until	ADP	10	NUM	 10
Later, Stewart and Colbert announced that their shows, The Daily Show and The Colbert Report, would also return without writers on January 7, 2008. To show respect to the picketing writers, The Daily Show was renamed, for the duration of the strike,	,	PUNCT	A	DET	 A
In 1939, Hitler and Mussolini resolved the problem of self determination of Germans and maintaining the Brenner Pass frontier by an agreement in which German South Tyroleans were given the choice of either assimilation into Italian culture, or leave South Tyrol for Germany; most opted to leave	leave	VERB	for	ADP	 for
Among the cut footage is a scene featuring Coulson as the infant's midwife, another of a man torturing two women — one again played by Coulson — with a car battery, and one of Spencer toying with a dead cat. The soundtrack to Eraserhead was released	released	VERB	by	ADP	 by
Brazilian midfielder Sylvinho made his debut for Arsenal, while Ukrainian defender Oleh Luzhny was named on the substitutes ' bench. Manchester United goalkeeper Mark Bosnich, signed as a replacement for Peter Schmeichel during the summer, made the first appearance of his second spell with the club	club	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
In his review of the seventh volume, he concluded: " this series takes the hoariest elements of the romance / drama / cooking genres and still manages to come up with something greater than the sum of its parts. " Reviews of the light novel varied.	.	PUNCT	Draper	PROPN	 Draper
On 27 May 1961, Tunku Abdul Rahman, the prime minister of the Federation of Malaya, announced a plan to form a greater federation together with Singapore, Sarawak, Sabah and Brunei, to be called Malaysia. This plan caused the local leaders in Sarawak to	to	PART	be	AUX	 be
He must have performed his duties with diligence as his salary was raised by £10 a year and after 1862 he received an allowance towards his rent. Stainer was also conductor of the Magdalen Madrigal Society, which gave concerts in the College Hall, and the Magdalen	Magdalen	PROPN	Vagabonds	PROPN	 Vagabonds
During the breeding season, the tits prefer to feed protein rich caterpillars to their young. A study published in 2007 found that great tits helped to reduce caterpillar damage in apple orchards by as much as 50%. Nestlings also undergo a period in their early development	development	NOUN	where	SCONJ	 where
She sank with the loss of 711 officers and enlisted men of the 1,103 aboard. The loss of Sōryū and three other IJN carriers at Midway was a crucial strategic defeat for Japan and contributed significantly to the Allies ' ultimate victory in the Pacific. Sōryū was one	one	NUM	of	ADP	 of
The watershed is a roughly rectangular area of about 54 square miles (140 km2). The topography of the watershed varies greatly from the high point of about 1,100 feet (335 m) above sea level in the Boring Hills near the creek's source to the	the	DET	low	ADJ	 low
The shop featured many of the collaborative products created as tie ins with the film from brands such as Oakley, Hurley and Adidas. The space was decorated in theme and the adjacent cafe had a tie in menu with Tron inspired dishes. The shop remained open until	until	ADP	December	PROPN	 December
This attack included Franco British forces, and was spearheaded by Australian and Canadian troops, along with 600 tanks and supported by 800 aircraft. The assault proved highly successful, leading Hindenburg to name 8 August as the " Black Day of the German Army ". The	The	DET	Italian	ADJ	 Italian
A writer from the Western Mail said that Abi's relationship with Jay Brown (Jamie Borthwick) is " Walford's answer to Romeo and Juliet ". However, some critics have been less positive, with one saying in 2012 that the audience are " not nearly	nearly	ADV	"	PUNCT	 "
On May 7, Clarós issued an open letter to the City of Halifax and the fans of the Rainmen. In a paragraph about the forfeit, he wrote, " At this time, we don't know what the future holds. But there is one thing	thing	NOUN	we	PRON	 we
At the 14th Screen Actors Guild Awards, the film received two nominations, of which Dee won the award for Outstanding Performance by a Female Actor in a Supporting Role, and the cast's overall performances earned the nomination for Outstanding Performance by a Cast. At the	the	DET	12th	ADJ	 12th
Tripur was the 39th descendant of Druhyu, who belonged to the lineage of Yayati, a king of the Lunar Dynasty. One of the Puranas, the text about the " exploits of Shiva ", tells the story of the " sack of Tripura ". (	(	PUNCT	Carl	PROPN	Carl
The 16 point loss was the largest loss to Minnesota since 1977 and the largest to Minnesota at home since 1962. On September 30, Michigan athletic director Dave Brandon revealed that Morris suffered a concussion during the game but still played after showing signs of a concussion.	.	PUNCT	This	DET	 This
Huhanye Chanyu and his successors were encouraged to pay further trips of homage to the Han court due to the increasing amount of gifts showered on them after each visit; this was a cause for complaint by some ministers in 3 BCE, yet the financial consequence of pampering	pampering	VERB	their	PRON	 their
Later the business evolved into machine knitted garments. A leat runs to the east of the town's main street but it is uncertain when it was first constructed. By the early seventeenth century the southern end of the leat and one mill are shown on a map	map	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
The current floors are Victorian in origin, having been built after the fire of 1830, but the tower remains unglazed, as in the 13th century, with shutters at the windows providing protection in winter. The basement was originally only accessible from the first floor,	,	PUNCT	and	CCONJ	 and
" Macdonald's biographers note his contribution to establishing Canada as a nation. He was not an innovator; instead he adopted ideas such as Confederation, the CPR, and the protective tariff and focused the political forces in Canada to make them realities. Swainson suggests that	that	SCONJ	Macdonald	PROPN	 Macdonald
The Mongols seized the opportunity, organized a new invasion of Syria, and in September 1280 occupied Bagras and Darbsak, followed by Aleppo on October 20. The Mongol leader Abaqa, taking advantage of his momentum, sent envoys to Edward I of England, the Franks	Franks	PROPN	of	ADP	 of
In the same year, his opera Die beiden Kalifen (The Two Caliphs), a version of Wirth und Gast, was a disastrous failure in Vienna. Realizing that a full understanding of Italian opera was essential for his musical development, he went to study in	in	ADP	Italy	PROPN	 Italy
As of October 2013 the FDA has made determinations on the formulations from some manufacturers not being bioequivalent. In 2012, the U.S. Justice Department announced that GlaxoSmithKline had agreed to plead guilty and pay a $3 billion fine, in part for promoting the unapproved use of	of	ADP	Wellbutrin	PROPN	 Wellbutrin
He grew up in Mississippi and rose to fame as the bass singer for the American pop boy band NSYNC. NSYNC's success led Bass to work in film and television. He starred in the 2001 film On the Line, which his company, Bacon & Eggs	Eggs	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
This union between democrats of a republic and wealthy aristocratic subjects of a monarchy could not be formed without reserving to themselves the right of allegiance to their respective governments. Political jealousy and strong party feeling have tended to thwart and render impotent the acts of a government,	,	PUNCT	from	ADP	 from
In addition to its appearance on the Younger Than Yesterday album, The Byrds ' original version of " My Back Pages " appears on several of the band's compilations, including The Byrds ' Greatest Hits, History of The Byrds, The Byrds Play Dylan, The	The	DET	Original	PROPN	 Original
" A category of stage close seats called " The Red Zone " was created to be sold by an auction process, at prices estimated at up to €1,000 ($1,300). All proceeds are to be donated by U2 members to charity, with The	The	DET	Global	PROPN	 Global
In 2006, Q ranked Remain in Light at number 27 in its list of the 40 Best Albums of the 80s. In 2012, Slant listed the album at number six on its list of the " Best Albums of the 1980s ". All songs written by	by	ADP	David	PROPN	 David
In the courtroom, Peter exaggerates the story. The judge is not convinced, and even recalls his own prostate exam being uneventful. However, after further prompting from Peter, the judge " remembers " being abused and declares Hartman guilty, revoking his license. As	As	SCONJ	Peter	PROPN	 Peter
Peresvet and Pobeda were transferred to the Pacific Squadron upon completion and based at Port Arthur from 1901 and 1903, respectively. All three ships were lost by the Russians in the Russo Japanese War of 1904 – 05; Peresvet and Pobeda participated in the Battles of Port	Port	PROPN	Arthur	PROPN	 Arthur
Lucas moved back to Miami where he built a studio and is continuing to write songs and jingles. In 2010, Lucas wrote the song " Inside my Heart ", which was sung by actress Kyra Sedgwick for The Miracle Project of Hollywood to benefit autism. Also	Also	ADV	an	DET	 an
Produced by Tearce Kizzo, it is her first album where she co wrote all the songs. The album was originally recorded as her demo which was sent out to record labels in the United States in order to secure a deal for her international debut. Although all	all	DET	songs	NOUN	 songs
Damien Leith made several appearances in the week after Where We Land was released. On 19 August 2007, Leith performed songs from the album at the Warringah Mall Center Stage in Brookvale, and on 23 August, he performed songs at the Robina Town Centre in Robina	Robina	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
At that time, the Rockets set an NBA record for best record by a team with no All Stars. The Rockets would also finish ninth in the Western Conference for the following two seasons, with Yao Ming getting a season ending injury seven games into the 2010	2010	NUM	–	PUNCT	 –
The other segment of NY 128, and the majority of the current road, was designated as SH 50, running from School Street in Armonk to the current triangle junction with NY 117 in Mount Kisco was also contracted on July 22, 1901. This segment,	,	PUNCT	4.44	NUM	 4.44
The Mary Rose participated in the escort transport of troops in June 1522, and by 1 July the Breton port of Morlaix was captured. The fleet sailed home and the Mary Rose berthed for the winter in Dartmouth. The war raged on until 1525 and saw the	the	DET	Scots	PROPN	 Scots
After armed bands exchanged fire and one Mormon and two non Mormons were killed, the old settlers brutally expelled the Mormons from the county. Smith ended the communitarian experiment and changed the name of the church to the " Church of Latter Day Saints " before leading a	a	DET	small	ADJ	 small
Only a very few cases are truly the result of unprovoked attacks by abnormal individuals, which lost their fear towards humans. Volcanic activity, earthquakes, loss of habitat, fire, loss of prey due to poaching, tourism, and illegal poaching of the dragons themselves	themselves	PRON	have	AUX	 have
Other ways of indicating depth included the Chinese tripartite composition method used in Buddhist pictures, where a large form is placed in the foreground, a smaller in the midground, and yet a smaller in the background; this can be seen in Hokusai's Great Wave,	,	PUNCT	with	ADP	 with
Violence quickly enveloped the city in late December 1990, during the Somali Civil War, and on 1 January 1991, the ambassador contacted the State Department to request the closure and evacuation of the embassy. Approval was given the following day, but violence and the collapse	collapse	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
The school identified transportation, steel, iron ore, and electric power as key economic industries. Wilson termed this doctrine " industrial web theory ". The formulators of industrial web theory were relatively young junior officers, nearly all of them former reservists commissioned during or immediately	immediately	ADV	after	ADP	 after
The following day a reconnaissance plane from RAF Coastal Command spotted the ship, and a raid by twelve Hudson bombers took place on 11 June. The Hudsons dropped thirty six 227 lb (103 kg) armor piercing bombs, which all missed. The Royal Navy joined	joined	VERB	in	ADP	 in
The reign of Pedro II thus came to an unusual end — he was overthrown while highly regarded by the people and at the pinnacle of his popularity, and some of his accomplishments were soon brought to naught as Brazil slipped into a long period of weak governments,	,	PUNCT	dictatorships	NOUN	 dictatorships
Duplicated segments of the LMO1 gene within neuroblastoma tumor cells have been shown to increase the risk of developing an aggressive form of the cancer. Neuroblastoma has been linked to copy number variation within the NBPF10 gene, which results in the 1q21.1 deletion syndrome or 1q21.1 duplication syndrome	syndrome	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
Cecil stated that he is flattered by this sentiment, but that he would never claim so himself due to the threat of Brown's " very serious " lawyers. Joao Diniz Sanches of Pocket Gamer said Broken Sword's story is a " tale, some would argue	argue	VERB	,	PUNCT	,
The premiere of the fifth season of the series became the second most watched telecast in the network's history, only behind the premiere episode of the previous season, which was watched by 6.13 million viewers. The show was subsequently renewed for another season; John Landgraf	Landgraf	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
Other support facilities include a shared Childcare Center, a student Wellness Center and a multi service Student Union. The campus also offers a rich and varied program of student activities provided by the Division of Student Affairs. Students have all of the services they require for career	career	NOUN	counseling	NOUN	 counseling
Inland, the storm rapidly weakened, and the National Hurricane Center discontinued advisories early on June 6. Shortly after being downgraded to a tropical depression, surface observations showed an elongated circulation with a poorly defined center, which had reformed closer to the deep convection. The	The	DET	depression	NOUN	 depression
A submarine landed further supplies and evacuated 50 sick personnel on 3 and 13 October. As part of the preparations for the attack on Buna and Gona, the 2 / 12th Infantry Battalion was assigned responsibility for securing Goodenough Island on 19 October. The battalion landed on	on	ADP	the	DET	 the
It was laid out in 1670 and is named after the contemporary Leicester House, itself named after Robert Sidney, 2nd Earl of Leicester. The square was originally a gentrified residential area, with tenants including Frederick, Prince of Wales and artists William Hogarth and Joshua Reynolds	Reynolds	PROPN	.	PUNCT	.
Since 1990, Pacino's stage work has included revivals of Eugene O'Neill's Hughie, Oscar Wilde's Salome and in 2005 Lyle Kessler's Orphans. Pacino made his return to the stage in summer 2010, as Shylock in a Shakespeare in the Park production of The	The	DET	Merchant	PROPN	 Merchant
In 115 games for Toledo, Torres batted.266, tying Nick Punto for the league lead with 42 stolen bases, tying Omar Infante for fourth in the league in triples (eight), and finishing fourth in the league with 80 runs scored. The Tigers initially chose	chose	VERB	not	PART	 not
Saint Thomas Christians include Syro Malabar Catholic, Syro Malankara Catholic, Malankara Orthodox Syrian, Jacobite Syrian, Marthoma Syrian, the Syrian Anglicans in the CSI and several Pentecostal and evangelical denominations. The origin of the Latin Catholic Christians in Kerala is the result of the missionary	missionary	ADJ	endeavours	NOUN	 endeavours
Isaiah recalls their warrior activities and skill with the bow. (21: 16f) Ezekiel associates, " Arabia and all the princes of Kedar, " and indicates that they engaged in sheep / goat trading with the Phoenicians. The three books list the flocks of	of	ADP	the	DET	 the
Nikolai Dementiev (Николай Дементьев) – A self sacrificial painter and sectarian who admits to the murder, since his sect holds it to be supremely virtuous to suffer for another person's crime. Polina Mikhailovna Marmeladova (Полина Михайловна Мармеладова) – Ten year old adopted daughter	daughter	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
It starts at 31 m and finishes at 34 m. It begins with a gentle rise and finishes with a gentle fall. The Trouée d'Arenberg, Tranchée d'Arenberg, (Trench of Arenberg), Trouee de Wallers Arenberg, has become the symbol of Paris – Roubaix.	.	PUNCT	Officially	ADV	 Officially
General Motors also noted that actual production of the Volt depended on further battery development, because the required rechargeable batteries needed to make the Volt a viable vehicle did not exist in the market and had yet to be developed. The concept car was actually powered by two	two	NUM	12	NUM	 12
(John Jay, a Federalist who had given up the Supreme Court to be Governor of New York, wrote on the back of the letter the words, " Proposing a measure for party purposes which it would not become me to adopt, " and declined to	to	PART	reply	VERB	 reply
As jazz quickly assumed a major role in the musical background of films, so did Manne assume a major role as a drummer and percussionist on those soundtracks. A notable early example was 1955's The Man with the Golden Arm; Manne not only played drums throughout	throughout	ADV	but	CCONJ	 but
We are told later in the film that her ailing father does not approve of how she only runs with the " Populars " in school. Charlotte makes a vow to forsake the populars and run with the geekier teens like Will and Sa5 m in hopes that this	this	DET	good	ADJ	 good
Undaunted, they amended their suggestion to: " On the grounds of sanitation, education, and other matters of common interest it is desirable that the parliamentary borough of Stoke upon Trent should be formed into one municipal borough on some equitable basis, and that the other	other	ADJ	authorities	NOUN	 authorities
On 21 September 1993, the Cambodian Constituent Assembly approved a new Constitution and Ranariddh became First Prime Minister, and he appointed Hun Sen as the Second Prime Minister. On 23 September 1993, the constitutional monarchy was restored with Norodom Sihanouk as the head of state.	.	PUNCT	In	ADP	 In
The game borrows gameplay and graphical elements from Guitar Hero: Metallica, including the " Expert + " difficulty level using two bass drum pedals and the rearrangement of on screen meters for band mode. Smash Hits includes a Music Studio creation mode and is compatible with the	the	DET	"	PUNCT	 "
The Marsh was between Stratford Langthorne and Stratford at Bow. Little remains from pre history, but the names suggest that the two settlements lay at either end of a stone causeway across the marsh. Remains of a stone causeway have been found, but no traces of	of	ADP	an	DET	 an
This change solved the problem; quarters from 1925 and after are more common and cheaper in lower grades as they have survived with their dates intact. This action was among the last acts of the Engraver's Department under Morgan, who died on January 4, 1925	1925	NUM	and	CCONJ	 and
Since the church where the proclamation took place had long since been destroyed, he was forced to find an alternative, ultimately deciding to model it after the Visoki Dečani monastery given the similarities in their design. By his own admission, the hardest task Jovanović faced was	was	AUX	achieving	VERB	 achieving
As of the 2001 UK census, 68.5% of Ashton residents reported themselves as being Christian, 6.1% Muslim, 5.0% Hindu, and 0.2% Buddhist. The census recorded that 11.4% had no religion, 0.2% had an alternative religion, and 8.7	8.7	NUM	%	NOUN	%
Hunt had to resist the strong arguments of Hancock, who demanded Union fire to lift the spirits of the infantrymen pinned down by Alexander's bombardment. Even Meade was affected by the artillery — the Leister house was a victim of frequent overshots, and he had to	to	PART	evacuate	VERB	 evacuate
Kenny is killed after attempting autoerotic asphyxiation while in a Batman suit, while Kyle and Butters are sent to attend a therapy session for sex addicts consisting of Michael Douglas, Michael Jordan, Ben Roethlisberger, David Duchovny, Charlie Sheen, David Letterman, Bill Clinton,	,	PUNCT	Billy	PROPN	 Billy
A public beta test of the game's online multiplayer features, as well as saved films and file share, took place four months before the full release. Players required a Crackdown disc to play the beta. AI behavior was enhanced and improved; the behavior of	of	ADP	enemy	NOUN	 enemy
In 1942, Jeffrey was posted to the South West Pacific, where he helped organise No. 75 Squadron for the defence of Port Moresby, and No. 76 Squadron prior to the Battle of Milne Bay. He served two stints in charge of No. 2	2	NUM	Operational	PROPN	 Operational
I think that she thinks about nothing else but what she's doing. " The film was controversial among feminists, but it was a role which film critic Stephen Farber believed displayed Streep's " own emotional intensity ", writing that she was one of the "	"	PUNCT	rare	ADJ	 rare
The Bossons Glacier is known to respond first, then the Argentière and the Trient Glaciers respond some four to seven years later, with the Mer de Glace reacting last — between eleven and fifteen years after changes are first observed in the movement of ice in the Bossons	Bossons	PROPN	Glacier	PROPN	 Glacier
The Ostrogoths were soon reunited under the command of King Totila and captured Rome in 546. Belisarius, who had been sent back to Italy in 544, was eventually recalled to Constantinople in 549. The arrival of the Armenian eunuch Narses in Italy (late 551)	)	PUNCT	with	ADP	 with
They incorporated carefree rock and roll and Brill Building pop influences in the album's hard rock songs, while the lyrics were written mostly by lead singer David Johansen and touched on themes such as urban youth, teen alienation, adolescent romance, and authenticity. New York	York	PROPN	Dolls	PROPN	 Dolls
On August 6, D. J. Wilson was sidelined for 4 – 6 weeks following surgery on his pinky finger. This announcement came prior to the team's August 15 departure for its summer trip to Italy. The team participated in a four game exhibition tour of Italy	Italy	PROPN	that	PRON	 that
In January 1889, they moved to Dundee. The following month, he strangled his wife with a rope, stabbed her dead body with a penknife, and hid the corpse in a box in their room. A few days later, he presented himself to the	the	DET	local	ADJ	 local
Roberts immediately launched an attack on Fort Mackinac with a scratch force of regulars, fur traders and First Nations warriors. On 17 July, the American garrison was taken by surprise (not being aware that war had been declared) and surrendered. This victory immediately encouraged	encouraged	VERB	many	ADJ	 many
Helmut Lent is officially credited with 110 victories in 507 flights. The total includes 103 victories at night, during which he destroyed 59 four engine bombers and one Mosquito, among other types. Lent received a posthumous promotion to Oberst (Colonel). Pilot's Badge	Badge	PROPN	(	PUNCT	 (
From May 1 to May 17, he had five multi home run games and his first five RBI game on May 12. With 28 home runs by mid season, he started the first 1959 All Star Game and was a reserve in the second. Killebrew attracted	attracted	VERB	so	ADV	 so
McDonald was impressed by the intimate quality and use of silence on the demos, which both he and the band felt may have challenged other producers who wanted to incorporate their individual tastes: " They'd worked with about four other producers before then that had — and	and	CCONJ	no	DET	 no
Monti attempted to crawl back towards cover. He is reported by comrades to have made his peace with God and asked Sgt. Cunningham to tell his parents he loved them. Monti died moments later. At about the same time, the artillery and air support for	for	ADP	which	PRON	 which
Due to its nature, the swap was not a transaction that would require the intervention of the FCC, aside from the changing of call signs. The three stations were then folded into a shared news operation branded as Hawaii News Now. An estimated 68 positions from	from	ADP	a	DET	 a
Approximately 900,000 families were left without power and 100,000 telephone lines lost service. More than 20,000 trees were uprooted. Across the country, five people were killed. Affecting a country already inundated by summer rains, Typhoon Nelson brought additional flooding and significant damage to much of	of	ADP	Southern	PROPN	 Southern
But if Peter's right, and all these stand alones are also detailing a series of steps taken by the Big Bads in preparation for something... well, that's an exciting idea. " She gave it " two out of four Expendable Gerbils. " io9	io9	PROPN	's	PART	's
At its peak, 104 persons were engaged in the work of the committee, including 34 field investigators. Another 58 staffers were delegated to the committee by the Government Accounting Office and worked in Detroit, Chicago, New York City, and southern Florida. To accommodate	accommodate	VERB	the	DET	 the
The second species described from the McAbee Fossil Beds is A. mastax which, unlike A. elongatus, is known from two specimens. The holotype and paratype are both included in the Thompson Rivers University, Kamloops collections as UCCIPRL 18 F 850 and UCCIPRL 18 F 929 respectively	respectively	ADV	.	PUNCT	.
Rick Fulton of the Daily Record positively reviewed the song, awarding it three out of five stars. Fulton deemed the song as " feisty electro fun " and " a bit harder than ' Wings ' ". He also added, " it seems Little Mix have	have	VERB	big	ADJ	 big
His wife put this up with her own money for her wonderful spouse. " Nevertheless, the gladiators themselves were prone to boast: A graffito at Pompeii shows the retiarius Antigonus, who claims a ridiculous 2,112 victories, facing a challenger called Superbus, who has won	won	VERB	but	CCONJ	 but
Lead Belly) – 2: 21 Disc 1 bonus tracks " Left in the Dark " (Ken Draznik) – 3: 09 " Won't Forget " – 2: 51 " I Got Drunk (A Side) " – 2: 26 " Sin City	City	PROPN	(	PUNCT	 (
According to an article in contemporary women's magazine The Lady's Realm, the Countess lived a very quiet life. In 1897, the magazine reported that she had lived in retirement in Brighton for the past thirty five years. Her attachment to the city, the	the	DET	article	NOUN	 article
In the female, the ear opening averages 31.7 mm (1.25 in) on the right and 27.4 mm (1.08 in) on the left and, in males, averages 26.8 mm (1.06 in) on the right and 24.4 mm (0.96 in) on	on	ADP	the	DET	 the
The mason John Mylne and the wright (carpenter) John Scott strengthened the Flodden and Telfer walls and constructed artillery emplacements in 1650. Further emplacements were built by Captain Theodore Dury in 1715, in response to the Jacobite rising of that year. In 1736, the	the	DET	lynching	NOUN	 lynching
Theme Park Insider rated the ride a 9 out of 10, based on 250 reviews. In April 2004, just three months after the ride opened at Universal Studios Japan, Amusement Business reported the park was " benefiting greatly from the addition of the ride ".	.	PUNCT	Figures	NOUN	 Figures
The single's music video was directed by Jake Nava, who also directed Carey's video for " Shake It Off ". It was filmed in Los Angeles on September 1 and 2, 2005 and features Jermaine Dupri as the video's secondary artist, while Michael	Michael	PROPN	Ealy	PROPN	 Ealy
On 11 March 1966, the appearance of unidentified troops around Merdeka Palace during a cabinet meeting (which Suharto had not attended) forced Sukarno to flee to Bogor Palace (60 km away) by helicopter. Three Suhartoist generals, Major General Basuki Rahmat, Brigadier General	General	PROPN	M	PROPN	 M
Batchelor spoke of building a new stadium at Clifton Moor, and Persimmon, who held ten percent of the shares in BCH, submitted planning applications for ninety three homes on the site of Bootham Crescent. In March 2003 York extended their lease of the ground to May	May	PROPN	2004	NUM	 2004
Although princes served no organ of state administration, the princes, consorts of the imperial princesses, and ennobled relatives did staff the Imperial Clan Court, which supervised the imperial genealogy. Like scholar officials, military generals were ranked in a hierarchic grading system and were given	given	VERB	merit	NOUN	 merit
Further back, Irvine passed Verstappen for twelfth position. The positions at the front were the same for the next sixteen laps with the gap between Michael Schumacher and Häkkinen fluctated from 1.6 seconds to 3.4 seconds while Coulthard and Barrichello battled Ralf Schumacher for third position. Button	Button	PROPN	became	VERB	 became
Thuận appeared to be astounded and asked Trueheart what blister gas was. Trueheart explained that the symptoms of the victims were consistent with those of mustard gas and passed on the US threat to denounce the regime for the chemical attacks. Thuan started an inquiry into the usage	usage	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
The land on White Station Road was sold, and a 30 acre (12 ha) property on East Massey Road was purchased; the congregation moved into the new building in September 1976. The old synagogue was sold to Mid America Baptist Theological Seminary, which would	would	AUX	occupy	VERB	 occupy
The Los Angeles Kings, Minnesota North Stars, California Seals, Philadelphia Flyers, Pittsburgh Penguins and St. Louis Blues began play in the 1967 – 68 season. They formed the newly created West Division, and the existing teams were grouped into the East Division. The	The	DET	playoff	NOUN	 playoff
1540: " His genius was so rare and universal that it can be said that nature worked a miracle on his behalf... ". The 19th century brought a particular admiration for Leonardo's genius, causing Henry Fuseli to write in 1801: " Such was the	the	DET	dawn	NOUN	 dawn
Talbot visited the US to promote the album, appearing on national television. Connie Talbot raised to prominence after reaching the final of the first series of Britain's Got Talent. After briefly recording with Sony BMG, Talbot was signed to Rainbow Recording Company, an offshoot	offshoot	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
He worked on other projects at the same time as Cold Feet: After watching the 1997 docusoap Holiday Reps, he became interested in what happens in the personal lives of holiday representatives while in foreign countries. Out of this idea he developed Sunburn for BBC One.	.	PUNCT	Sunburn	PROPN	 Sunburn
This, and perennial problems in royal finance, led to several debasements of the coinage, with the amount of silver in a penny being cut to almost a fifth between the late 14th century and the late 15th century. The heavily debased " black money " introduced	introduced	VERB	in	ADP	 in
Beauregard caused considerable historical controversy with his decision to halt the assault at dusk. Braxton Bragg and Albert Sidney Johnston's son, Col. William Preston Johnston, were among those who bemoaned the so called " lost opportunity at Shiloh. " Beauregard did not come to	to	ADP	the	DET	 the
Other compositions included the Eighth Symphony of American composer William Schuman, an Overture Philharmonique by French composer Darius Milhaud and " Andromache's Farewell " for soprano and orchestra by American composer Samuel Barber. It would also be Copland's first purely symphonic piece since his Third Symphony	Symphony	PROPN	of	ADP	 of
The Passchendaele attack, scheduled for 12 October, would likewise be hampered by limited preparation time and boggy terrain. The attack was to involve the New Zealand Division's 2nd and Rifle Brigades, with 4th Brigade in reserve, attacking along Belluvue Spur and onto Goudberg Spur	Spur	PROPN	while	SCONJ	 while
by Sheldon Kopp) from Peter that he had originally ordered for Olivia's doppelgänger from the parallel universe. " The Firefly " was co written by co showrunners J.H. Wyman and Jeff Pinkner, while being directed by Supernatural veteran Charles Beeson. On October 20, 2010	2010	NUM	,	PUNCT	,
Some time between 1230 and 1250 a new channel was constructed westwards into Meare Pool north of Meare, and further westwards to Mark Moor. The Brue Valley Living Landscape is a conservation project based on the Somerset Levels and Moors and managed by the Somerset Wildlife Trust.	.	PUNCT	The	DET	 The
It was viewed by 17.63 million viewers. " Folie à Deux " received largely positive reviews from critics. Francis Dass of New Straits Times was positive toward the episode, considering it " highly watchable ". Todd VanDerWerff of The A.V. Club gave the episode a glowing	glowing	VERB	review	NOUN	 review
In a 1989 reform of the education guidelines, the LDP controlled government first demanded that the flag must be used in school ceremonies and that proper respect must be given to it and to Kimigayo. Punishments for school officials who did not follow this order were also enacted	enacted	VERB	with	ADP	 with
Craven has said McAdams was the only actress he considered for the part. She was drawn to the relatable qualities of her character: " She was not some sweaty, tank top wearing, Uzi carrying super woman ". Variety found her " increasingly impressive " while	while	SCONJ	Roger	PROPN	 Roger
Publishers Weekly's report in December 2001 on cumulative sales of children's fiction placed Harry Potter and the Sorcerer's Stone 19th among hardbacks (over 5 million copies) and 7th among paperbacks (over 6.6 million copies). In May 2008, Scholastic announced the creation	creation	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
It continues to the northeast, where Route 41 ends at the end of state maintenance and Kings Highway continues northeast as County Route 611. Route 41 was legislated in 1927 to run from Route 47 in Fairview in Deptford Township to Route 38 in Moorestown along its current	current	ADJ	alignment	NOUN	 alignment
A general mounted attack commenced at 14: 30. By 15: 30, the New Zealand Mounted Rifles Brigade and the 1st and 2nd Light Horse Brigades were advancing at the gallop on Katia. When they had reached the edge of the white gypsum, the light	light	ADJ	horse	NOUN	 horse
Lewis continued, " To me, it's a big step in a different direction... and to be able to sink into the vocal take while the band was playing was a very liberating experience for me. " Lewis told The A.V. Club, " We played	played	VERB	them	PRON	 them
Truman's life inspires audiences around the world, meaning their lives are controlled by his. Bishop commented, " In the end, the power of the media is affirmed rather than challenged. In the spirit of Antonio Gramsci's concept of hegemony, these films and	and	CCONJ	television	NOUN	 television
It is the only mammalian species to lack an external vaginal opening. The spotted hyena is the most social of the Carnivora in that it has the largest group sizes and most complex social behaviours. Its social organisation is unlike that of any other carnivore, bearing closer	closer	ADJ	resemblance	NOUN	 resemblance
" He also praised Leslie's birthday surprise for Ron, claiming it " sets Parks & Rec even more ahead of its competitors. Us Weekly writer John Griffiths gave the episode three and a half out of four stars, and called it one of the show's	's	PART	"	PUNCT	 "
The German forces were soon overcome, and thirty troops subsequently surrendered. While his men were clearing up the remaining German positions, Ingram scouted ahead in search of machine gun nests in the village. He soon located one positioned in a house, which had been firing	firing	VERB	through	ADP	 through
For the week of December 30, 2013, " XO " debuted at number 44 on the Australian Singles Chart and number 5 on the Australian Urban Singles Chart. On January 26, 2014, it set a peak of number 16 on the singles chart and was	was	AUX	certified	VERB	 certified
It was one of the original 30 aircraft ordered by the RAF in 1978 and has been in service ever since. It has been upgraded several times in its history, now being designated as an HC4 airframe. It has seen action in every major operation involving the	the	DET	RAF	PROPN	 RAF
The following year, he won at Madrid (March 1945), tied for second place with Antonio Medina at Gijón (July 1945; the event was won by Antonio Rico), won at Sabadell (August 1945), he tied for first with F. López	López	PROPN	Núñez	PROPN	 Núñez
On 28 November 2010, a Rafale from the carrier Charles de Gaulle crashed in the Arabian Sea. This aircraft was supporting Allied operations in Afghanistan. The pilot ejected safely and was recovered by a rescue helicopter from the carrier. Later reports said the engine stopped after	after	ADP	being	AUX	 being
They diverge to a greater degree than some distinct wasp species, yet form a monophyletic group; this indicates that the wasp lineages have split without a change of host. Fertilised female wasps enter the receptive ' fig ' (the syconium) through a tiny hole at	at	ADP	the	DET	 the
Flooding washed out several bridges and roads, covering one highway with 6 ft (1.8 m) of water, and entered the basements of houses. In New Brunswick, the storm damaged or destroyed 72 bridges. One man was struck by a car due to poor	poor	ADJ	visibility	NOUN	 visibility
However, Peacock's translation as Dean of Ely three years later meant that he was largely absent from his chair, which he was severely criticised for retaining. Lax was admitted a Fellow of the Royal Society on 5 April 1796. He was nominated by the Astronomer	Astronomer	PROPN	Royal	PROPN	 Royal
Other tasks and clues led to passwords that could be used to log in to these Aperture Science screens. These provided players with compressed archives of pictures that consisted of Portal 2 artwork, including photographs from around Seattle (where Valve is based) embedded in their alpha	alpha	NOUN	channels	NOUN	 channels
After their previous band, The Reactionaries, disbanded in 1979, the pair continued to write new material and formed the band with drummer Frank Tonche a year later. Minutemen signed to the Californian independent record label SST Records following their second gig. George Hurley, the	the	DET	former	ADJ	 former
During a ring plane crossing event in 2007 the rings disappeared, which means they are geometrically thin like the ε ring and devoid of dust. However, the same event revealed a thick and optically thin dust band just outside the β ring, which was also observed	observed	VERB	earlier	ADV	 earlier
Hogg described the team's working relationship as informal and their decision making as fully collaborative, particularly in the feel of the game world. For instance, Hogg would give unplanned drawings to Haggett, who would work the art into the game, or Haggett would envision	envision	VERB	something	PRON	 something
Anastasius then appointed as magister militum per Thracias an officer called Cyril, who proceeded to attack Vitalian's forces. After a few inconclusive skirmishes, Vitalian managed to bribe his army's entry into Odessus, Cyril's base, at night. Cyril was captured at his	his	PRON	residence	NOUN	 residence
Soon afterwards the band split up. After leaving school with A levels in English, History and Economics, Dickinson confessed, " I didn't really know what I wanted to do. " The first thing he did was join the Territorial Army for six months.	.	PUNCT	Although	SCONJ	 Although
In the 18th and 19th centuries, he was accepted as Scotland's " Universal Architect ", and at the end of the 19th century, MacGibbon and Ross suggested in The Castellated and Domestic Architecture of Scotland that William was " at least " the equal in talent	talent	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
This concept was based on the Kenyan Council of State which was established in 1958 during its phase of transition to African majority rule. The idea of an advisory body which could not significantly impede the legislative agenda was viewed by lawmakers as a promising innovation. In addition	addition	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
There was some confusion upon its release in North America: on the day of release, while it was available through Nintendo's online store, multiple online retailers did not have it stocked. While Nintendo was fairly non committal on the incident, they did state that	that	PRON	due	ADP	 due
Nearly a century later, during the crash of the Mississippi Company and the South Sea Company in about 1720, tulip mania appeared in satires of these manias. When Johann Beckmann first described tulip mania in the 1780s, he compared it to the failing lotteries of the	the	DET	time	NOUN	 time
And once they've created a vaccine, they don't have to use Eisenhower era technology to manufacture it in bulk. " Paul Offit, a pediatrician and vaccination expert, stated that " typically when movies take on science, they tend to sacrifice the science in	in	ADP	favor	NOUN	 favor
The ship's crew consisted of ten officers and 122 enlisted men. She carried a number of smaller boats, including two pinnaces, two cutters, and one dinghy. Arminius was not a particularly successful design; she suffered from severe, fast rolling, especially in	in	ADP	heavier	ADJ	 heavier
Although these original three studies were all fast battleships, the General Board was not definitively committed to the higher maximum speeds. It posed questions to the Naval War College, asking for their opinion as to whether the new class should be a " conventional " 23 knot	knot	NOUN	(	PUNCT	 (
I think the real idea of the video is in a moment like that — in a private moment like that, she can never be by herself... This song is not about someone who feels those emotions, it's about Beyoncé feeling those emotions. It's	's	AUX	personal	ADJ	 personal
Bruce publicly accepted responsibility for the team's poor run and admitted that he feared for his job, but the team responded with a 1 – 0 victory over Derby County, and then recorded a further five consecutive league victories to be joint leaders of the league table	table	NOUN	by	ADP	 by
However, the females of most nocturnal species, including almost all moth species, use pheromones to attract males, sometimes from long distances. Some species engage in a form of acoustic courtship, or attract mates using sound or vibration such as the polka dot wasp moth	moth	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
During the following tour, the band headlined the Monsters of Rock festival at Donington Park for the first time on 20 August 1988, playing to the largest crowd in the festival's history (107,000). Also included on the bill were Kiss, David Lee Roth	Roth	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
There are several pieces by Stoddart in Glasgow's Merchant City quarter. Italia, a 2.6 metre, glass re in forced polymer statue on top of Ingram Street represents the contribution of Italian traders to the area. Classical in style, the female form is swathed in	in	ADP	a	DET	 a
Meanwhile, Restac has killed Malohkeh for his betrayal and awakened other members of the warrior caste, intending to stage a coup against Eldane. When Rory and the others arrive with Alaya's corpse, Restac becomes furious and orders the humans ' death; the Doctor disables	disables	VERB	their	PRON	 their
This road led to a watermill near Old Fields on the South Branch Potomac River. Due to the location of Caudy's settlement along the Winchester – Moorefield route, his residence served as an overnight stopping point for George Washington and George William Fairfax in April 1748.	.	PUNCT	Washington	PROPN	 Washington
Bhawana Somaaya rated the film 4 stars out of 5, stating that film was not solely a medium for entertainment and that the main purpose of Mary Kom was to depict courage, stability, truth and innocence. The Economic Times gave a rating of 4 stars out	out	ADP	of	ADP	 of
The team plays league games on a Saturday at Dukes Meadows. Chiswick's cricket club, formely known as Turnham Green and Polytechnic, plays at Riverside Drive. On Chiswick Common is the Rocks Lane Multi Sports Centre, where there are tennis, five a side football	football	NOUN	and	CCONJ	 and
During their first season in the League, Hull wore black and amber striped shirts and black shorts, which they continued to wear until the Second World War with the exception of the 1935 – 36 season, in which they wore sky blue shirts. Following the end	end	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
In early 1894 he won the All India Rifle Championship. After his success at shooting, Trenchard set about establishing a battalion polo team. Being of the infantry, his regiment had no history of playing polo and there were many obstacles for Trenchard to overcome. However	However	ADV	,	PUNCT	,
There are a number of risk factors for fungal meningitis, including the use of immunosuppressants (such as after organ transplantation), HIV / AIDS, and the loss of immunity associated with aging. It is uncommon in those with a normal immune system but has occurred	occurred	VERB	with	ADP	 with
" Like his character, Quarshie is native to Ghana, though moved to the United Kingdom when he was three years old. His background had some influence on the episode's plot. While the end of the episode sees Ric choose to stay in Ghana, Quarshie	Quarshie	PROPN	remained	VERB	 remained
At night, a network of 4,000 low voltage tungsten halogen bulbs illuminate the bridge. In 1993 the innovative use of long life low energy lighting was commended by Mary Archer, at the time Chairwoman of the National Energy Foundation. Its distinctive and striking current appearance has	has	AUX	led	VERB	 led
The theme song, and the identity of its singer, was kept secret, but rumours of Adele's involvement still emerged. Adele first mentioned recording a " special project " in September 2011 in an interview on The Jonathan Ross Show, leading to speculation in the	the	DET	media	NOUN	 media
1858 – 1900. Coprolites are phosphate rich fossils found 2 and 10 feet (0.61 and 3.05 m) below the surface in 33 feet (10 m) deep by rarely more than 5 miles (8.0 km) wide Gault clay beds. When mixed with sulphuric	sulphuric	PROPN	acid	PROPN	 acid
In 1875, rugby was introduced to South Africa by British soldiers garrisoned in Cape Town. During the late 19th and early 20th century, the sport in Africa was spread by settlers and colonials who often adopted a " whites only " policy to playing the game.	.	PUNCT	This	PRON	 This
The rainfall supports extensive forestation. The western (leeward) side has a much drier climate. At higher elevations, the amount of precipitation decreases, and skies are very often clear. Very low temperatures mean that precipitation often occurs in the form of snow, and	and	CCONJ	the	DET	 the
Some time in the latter half of 1940, De La Rue was seeing dinner guests off the base at RAAF Richmond, and attempted to re enter the perimeter via the main gate. Wearing civilian clothes and without his security pass, he was challenged and then locked	locked	VERB	up	ADP	 up
San Francisco has significantly higher rates of pedestrian and bicyclist traffic deaths than the USA on average. In 2013, 21 pedestrians were killed in vehicle collisions, the highest since 2001, which is 2.5 deaths per 100,000 population – 70% higher than the national average of	of	ADP	1.5	NUM	 1.5
The Fall of Singapore in February 1942 led him to offer his services to John Madsen, the Professor of Electrical Engineering at the University of Sydney, and the head of the Radiophysics Laboratory at the Council for Scientific and Industrial Research, which was responsible for developing radar	radar	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
The district also serves an unincorporated portion of the town of Mount Pleasant. Parts of Briarcliff Manor not covered by the school district include Scarborough and Chilmark; these areas (about 28 percent of Briarcliff Manor) are part of the Ossining Union Free School District. In	In	ADP	the	DET	 the
Layouts portray the character partially nude, in bikinis, and in revealing cocktail dresses, though Tomb Raider: Underworld's creative director Eric Lindstrom criticized such poses as out of character. He further stated that they conflict with Croft's popular strengths, and felt that fans	fans	NOUN	respond	VERB	 respond
" Finale " received critical acclaim from critics and fans, with many critics complimenting the writers for wrapping up storylines for most of the ensemble cast. Critics also gave praise to Carell's cameo in the episode, with many arguing that it was perfectly executed. This	This	DET	episode	NOUN	 episode
The couple settled at Tittenhurst Park at Sunninghill in Berkshire. After Ono was injured in a car accident, Lennon arranged for a king sized bed to be brought to the recording studio as he worked on the Beatles ' last album, Abbey Road. To escape the	the	DET	acrimony	NOUN	 acrimony
Peru have since had contracts with Penalty (1981 – 82), Adidas (1983 – 85), Calvo Sportwear (1987), Power (1989 – 91), Diadora (1991 – 92), local manufacturer Polmer (1993 – 95), Umbro	Umbro	PROPN	(	PUNCT	 (
Another review from The New York Times said of the show, " The most imaginative show on television has finally reached the limits of its imagination. " The A.V. Club listed the ninth season and the 2008 film The X Files: I Want to Believe as the	the	DET	"	PUNCT	 "
A simple way to describe the people of the city is " orang KK ", where orang means " person " or " people " in Malay. The terms " K.K ites " and " K.K ians " have also been used to a limited extent. People	People	NOUN	from	ADP	 from
This type of grassland — once common in the Tees lowland — is becoming increasingly rare with its associated species also becoming scarce. Whitton Bridge Pasture is one of only two remaining examples of this habitat in the Tees lowland area. The other example is Briarcroft Pasture,	,	PUNCT	an	DET	 an
By noon on 27 July, the 9th Infantry Division of VII Corps was also clear of any organized German resistance, and was advancing rapidly. By 28 July, the German defenses across the U.S. front had largely collapsed under the full weight of VII and VIII Corps	Corps	PROPN	'	PART	 '
" Once control shifted to the Democrats, Frank was able to help guide both the Federal Housing Reform Act (H.R. 1427) and the Mortgage Reform and Anti Predatory Lending Act (H.R. 3915) to passage in 2007. Frank also said that the Republican led Gramm	Gramm	PROPN	–	PUNCT	 –
By the time Crease left again for Canada in April 1858, he had married Sarah Lindley and had three young daughters, Susan, Mary, and Barbara. Sarah was the daughter of the famous botanist, John Lindley. She was also a talented amateur artist,	,	PUNCT	and	CCONJ	 and
On 1 July 1933 the Metropolitan Railway, along with London's other underground railways except for the small Waterloo & City Railway, was taken into public ownership as part of the newly formed London Passenger Transport Board (LPTB). Thus, despite it being 45 miles	miles	NOUN	(	PUNCT	 (
SR 40 continues through St. Marys along Osborne Road, which is a five lane road with center turn lane until after it passes to the south of St. Marys Airport. SR 40 reduces to four lanes and then two as it curves south onto Osborne Street in the	the	DET	center	NOUN	 center
For Bayer, remaking A Nightmare on Elm Street was about bringing that feeling to a new generation, with a new spin on the character and story. Fuller and Form likened the new Nightmare film to their 2003 remake of The Texas Chain Saw Massacre, and retracted	retracted	VERB	an	DET	 an
In order to consolidate support for the emperor in the two Yellow Banners (which had belonged to the Qing monarch since Hong Taiji) and to gain followers in Dorgon's Plain White Banner, Jirgalang named them the " Upper Three Banners " (shang san qi 上三旗	上三旗	PROPN	;	PUNCT	;
We agreed it was monstrous and must be prevented. Chester said he is determined, when he got home, to expose the matter. " Author Farley Mowat has suggested the officers were contemplating faking a journey to the Pole, or at least to a very high	high	ADJ	latitude	NOUN	 latitude
When the airline arranged to buy new DC8, they decided to create a new official logo for the inauguration of their jet service worldwide. In the creation of the logo, Huff was inspired by the personal crests of Samurai families. In a book he ’ d	d	ADV	been	AUX	 been
On May 17, 2014, an official video in a faux movie trailer style starring Beyoncé and Jay Z was released entitled " Run ", featuring " Part II (On the Run) " serving as background music. The video, which features multiple celebrity cameos	cameos	NOUN	including	VERB	 including
Two Pakistanis were arrested in Brescia, Italy (East of Milan), on 21 November 2009, after being accused of providing logistical support to the attacks and transferring more than US $200 to Internet accounts using a false ID. They had Red Corner Notices issued	issued	VERB	against	ADP	 against
As the battle began, several of Nelson's ships ran aground on shoals in the harbour, and a new plan of attack had to be improvised. As Nelson's ships of the line engaged their Danish counterparts, Riou took his frigates in to harass the Tre	Tre	PROPN	Kroner	PROPN	 Kroner
It was certified six times platinum on 16 May 1997, and by 2004 has sold an estimated 13 million copies worldwide. " Have a Cigar " was chosen by Columbia as their first single, with " Welcome to the Machine " on the B side in the	the	DET	US	PROPN	 US
Lafayette, who had earned the court's indebtedness, convinced the king to address the crowd. When the two men stepped out on a balcony an unexpected cry went up: " Vive le Roi! " The relieved king briefly conveyed his willingness to return to Paris	Paris	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
" He also appears as a playable hero in E.A. ' s The Battle for Middle earth, and The Battle for Middle earth II as well as its expansion pack, The Rise of the Witch king. Faramir has the unique ability within the game to change between	between	ADP	three	NUM	 three
They company aimed for a 15 – 20% domestic market share and was named Color Air. The company launched tickets down to NOK 500 each way, and sold cheap tickets without demanding that the traveler be away during a weekend. From 1 April, a new	new	ADJ	NOK	PROPN	 NOK
The annual planting has been continued by their children. A bench known as " Poet's seat " is located at the north end of Pembroke Lodge Gardens, in a spot called Poet's Corner. Sculpted by Richard Farrington, it was based on an idea by	by	ADP	Jane	PROPN	 Jane
In Chateaubriand's work, the grand conspiracy behind the massacre implausibly included native tribes from all across North America. Chateaubriand saw the Natchez Massacre as the defining moment in the history of the Louisiana colony, a position consistent with the views of other 18th century historians,	,	PUNCT	such	ADJ	 such
The whole reason for the entire damn show was lost. " He noted that reviews from indoor shows (where the set and lighting were more effective) were quite positive. The US media seemed kinder, with papers in Orlando, Florida and Boston, Massachusetts writing	writing	VERB	positive	ADJ	 positive
Fortresses, bridges, and ultimately churches and manors were built with stone and masonry. These structures followed the European styles of their time. Possibly more than 1000 stave churches were built in Norway during the Middle Ages, most of them during the 12th and 13th centuries	centuries	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
He was officially discharged on 2 May 1946. Employed by Australian National Airways (ANA) after leaving the Air Force, Lukis become airfield manager at Essendon, Melbourne. He took over the airline's Canberra office in 1952, before joining a stockbroking firm in 1957	1957	NUM	,	PUNCT	,
Since then the title has traditionally been held by the eldest son of the monarch. According to a famous legend, the king had promised the Welsh that he would name " a prince born in Wales, who did not speak a word of English " and then	then	ADV	produced	VERB	 produced
In the autumn quarter of 2015, the university enrolled 3,588 graduate students: 438 in the Biological Sciences Division, 801 in the Humanities Division, 1,102 in the Physical Sciences Division, 1,165 in the Social Sciences Division, and 52 in the Institute for Molecular Engineering.	.	PUNCT	The	DET	 The
It is known that he was wealthy, and possessed estates in Paphlagonia, possibly adjacent or part of the Komnenos family estates in the same region. Michael Dokeianos is first mentioned in 1040, as protospatharios and doux, when he was sent to southern Italy to assume	assume	VERB	command	NOUN	 command
Nonetheless, an article in the British tabloid The Sun (later republished in the New York Post) conflated the three ideas of Nibiru, Planet Nine and Whitmire's planet to suggest that not only had Planet Nine been found, but that it would collide with Earth	Earth	PROPN	at	ADP	 at
During the same year, Friedman was approached by the Free To Choose Network and asked to create a television program presenting his economic and social philosophy. The Friedmans worked on this project for the next three years, and during 1980, the ten part series, titled	titled	VERB	Free	ADJ	 Free
Tyler agreed to this arrangement, and to this day all carriages on the Talyllyn have doors on one side only, an unusual feature for a public railway which is shared (albeit for different reasons) with the neighbouring Corris Railway. Tyler also required that improvements be	be	AUX	made	VERB	 made
His reputation for " strong medicine " developed as he continued to evade the European Americans. After the January 1st ultimatum of 1876, when the US Army began to track down as hostiles those Sioux and others living off the reservation, Native Americans gathered at Sitting Bull	Bull	PROPN	's	PART	's
The episode was written by George Meyer and directed by David Silverman. Executive producer Sam Simon and writers Al Jean and Mike Reiss came up with the idea for the episode. A co worker had recently needed a blood transfusion and the writers thought it would be funny	funny	ADJ	if	SCONJ	 if
Late in 1942, more Volksdeutsche from the Banat and Romania were combined with the SS Cavalry Brigade to form the SS Kavallerie Division. On 24 November 1942, the Chief of the Gestapo, Heinrich Müller advised Himmler of a proposal he had received from Berger that a	a	DET	Hungarian	ADJ	 Hungarian
In Round the Horne, as well as acting as link man, Horne also played other character roles in the film and melodrama spoofs, but always sounded exactly like Kenneth Horne. Referring to his ability with voices, he commented that " between them Betty, Ken	Ken	PROPN	W.	PROPN	 W.
Admiral James Somerville's surface ships fired over a thousand shells at the port, and aircraft of the carrier HMS Ark Royal dropped magnetic mines in the harbor. Five ships were sunk, but Caio Duilio was not hit in the attack. During the attack, Caio	Caio	PROPN	Duilio	PROPN	 Duilio
Reynardine had been in love with Antimony's mother, Surma, and had used his power to steal a young man's body and woo Surma; the man died, however, and Reynardine was imprisoned in Gunnerkrigg Court until the events surrounding his first meeting with Antimony	Antimony	PROPN	.	PUNCT	.
The Great Salt Lake differs in elevation between the south and north parts. The causeway for the Lucin Cutoff divides the lake into two parts. The water surface elevation of the south part of the lake is usually 0.5 to 2 feet (15 – 61 cm)	)	PUNCT	higher	ADJ	 higher
Based on his liquid drop model of the nucleus, he theorized that it was the uranium 235 isotope and not the more abundant uranium 238 that was primarily responsible for fission with thermal neutrons. To verify this Alfred O. C. Nier at the University of Minnesota used a	a	DET	mass	ADJ	 mass
The 1979 Conservative Budget of Geoffrey Howe cut the small companies ' rate to 40%, followed by a further cut in the 1982 Budget to 38%. The Budgets of 1983 – 1988 saw sharp cuts in both main and small companies ' rates, falling to	to	ADP	35	NUM	 35
Mayor Michael Bloomberg's December 12, 2006, address to the New York League of Conservation Voters noted that in November 2006, the government began issuing bonds to fund the extension of the 7 subway to Eleventh Avenue and 34th Street. The $2.4 billion extension was	was	AUX	funded	VERB	 funded
It differed both from the more segmentary modes of preceding regimes and the more absolutist modes of succeeding ones — the latter achieved through direct tax collection from citizens. Another common feature of these regimes is the fragmentary historiography devoted to them, making broad generalizations difficult. The	The	DET	last	ADJ	 last
Mason said it felt " politically incorrect to take ideas from advertising, but it seemed a very relevant piece. " At the end of the album Gilmour's stepson Charlie is heard hanging up the telephone receiver on Pink Floyd manager Steve O'Rourke, who had pleaded to	to	PART	be	AUX	 be
She was named MVP of the finals series. In all, the Hornets won eight straight championships from 2002 to 2009, before changing their name to the Sydney University Flames in 2010, and claiming a ninth title that year. Hill made her national team debut in	in	ADP	2005	NUM	 2005
The episode was directed by Stephen Williams and written by Steven Maeda and Leonard Dick. It first aired on September 28, 2005, on the American Broadcasting Company. In the episode, flashbacks depict Michael Dawson's struggles for the custody of his son Walt Lloyd.	.	PUNCT	The	DET	 The
" 1 + 1 " is set in 12 / 8 time with a slow tempo of 50 beats per minute and was written in the key of G♭ major. Beyoncé's voice spans from the low note of F # 3 to the high note of C6	C6	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
Andrew introduced a new grants policy, the so called " new institutions ", giving away money and royal estates to his partisans despite the loss of royal revenues. He was the first Hungarian monarch to adopt the title of " King of Halych and Lodomeria ".	.	PUNCT	He	PRON	 He
Questioning of all three guests ensures that everyone says something about each donation. The programme's pilot episode was recorded on 16 April 2007 and was the entitled The Professor of Curiosity. The guests for this episode were Alastair Fothergill, Victoria Finlay and Simon Munnery. This	This	DET	pilot	NOUN	 pilot
After several weeks of retreat, the Texian Army commanded by Sam Houston attacked and defeated Santa Anna's forces at the Battle of San Jacinto. Santa Anna was captured and forced to sign the Treaties of Velasco, ending the war. While Texas had won its independence	independence	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
It strongly supported Darwin's theory of sexual selection, arguing that the obvious differences between male and female birds such as the Argus pheasant were selected by the females, pointing out that bright male plumage was found only in species " which court by day ". The	The	DET	book	NOUN	 book
Hyacinthe caused heavy damage to crops and damaged or destroyed 2,000 houses. Losses from the storm totaled $167 million (1980 USD, 676 million francs), and 25 people were killed. In the middle of January 1980, the Intertropical Convergence Zone persisted along 10	10	NUM	°	NUM	°
As Antoinism, Dorism was criticized by some Catholic clergy members. The illiterate wife of Louis Antoine, Catherine (born 26 May 1850, Jemeppe sur Meuse – died 3 November 1940, Jemeppe sur Meuse), called " The Mother " by the followers, was	was	AUX	designated	VERB	 designated
Hancock's young family accompanied him to his new posting, where Allie Hancock was the only woman on the post. Hancock's tour in Florida coincided with the end of the Third Seminole War. His duties were primarily those of a quartermaster, and he did not	not	PART	see	VERB	 see
In July, Starr became involved in " # peacerocks ", an anti violence campaign started by fashion designer John Varvatos, in conjunction with the David Lynch Foundation. In September 2014, Starr won at the GQ Men of the Year Awards for his humanitarian work with	with	ADP	the	DET	 the
Rickey was especially interested in making sure his eventual signee could withstand the inevitable racial abuse that would be directed at him. In a famous three hour exchange on August 28, 1945, Rickey asked Robinson if he could face the racial animus without taking the bait and	and	CCONJ	reacting	VERB	 reacting
Sheppard was considered as foreign as Lapsley and even acquired the nickname " Mundele N'dom ", or " black white man ". Despite being of African descent, Sheppard believed in many of the stereotypes of the time regarding Africa and its inhabitants, such as the idea	idea	NOUN	that	SCONJ	 that
Richard III made only a brief use of Windsor Castle before his defeat at the Battle of Bosworth Field in 1485, but had the body of Henry VI moved from Chertsey Abbey in Surrey to the castle to allow it to be visited by pilgrims more easily. Henry	Henry	PROPN	VII	PROPN	 VII
He was taken to New York Hospital – Cornell Medical Center in Manhattan, initially alert but unable to speak or to move his right arm or leg. Damage to the brain caused swelling (cerebral edema), and Nixon slipped into a deep coma. He died	died	VERB	at	ADP	 at
" The two radio operators went in opposite directions, Phillips aft and Bride forward towards collapsible lifeboat B. Archibald Gracie was also heading aft, but as he made his way towards the stern he found his path blocked by " a mass of humanity several lines deep,	,	PUNCT	covering	VERB	 covering
Santos fought Ahmed Kotiev for the World Boxing Organization's welterweight championship on November 27, 1999. Kotiev retained the championship by split decision. The scores of the judges were 115 113 and 115 113 in favor of Kotiev and 117 111 in favor of Santos. The	The	DET	fight	NOUN	 fight
The same song was played over and over for the whole day, but each time with a different video made by the finalists. Author Lisa A. Lewis said that this event emphasized the effect Madonna had on different kind of audiences due to the popularity and response to	to	ADP	the	DET	 the
Second, those clearly identified by the statute as considerations to which regard must not be had. Third, those to which the decision maker may have regard if in his judgment and discretion he thinks it right to do so. The first and third types of consideration	consideration	NOUN	may	AUX	 may
It is also the second highest grossing 2004 animated film behind Shrek 2 ($919.8 million). The film received a 97% approval rating at review aggregator Rotten Tomatoes, which, as of October 2015, makes it the 14th highest rated animated film of all	all	DET	time	NOUN	 time
According to British journalist Robert Fisk, the Battle of Maysalun was " a struggle which every Syrian learns at school but about which almost every Westerner is ignorant ". Historian Tareq Y. Ismael wrote that following the battle, the " Syrian resistance at Khan Maysalun soon took	took	VERB	on	ADP	 on
The producer is credited for an SREC for every 1,000 kWh of electricity produced. If the utility buys this SREC and retires it, they avoid paying the ACP. In principle this system delivers the cheapest renewable energy, since the all solar facilities are eligible and can	can	AUX	be	AUX	 be
Thus, the acropolis, palace, and ballcourt all lie at the southern end of the Great Plaza. The ceremonial centre is laid out around three plazas, the northernmost is the Great Plaza. This plaza measures 325 m (1,066 ft) from north to south	south	PROPN	and	CCONJ	 and
I sometimes feel like everything to him is a sort of scientific experiment and he is interested in a dispassionate way in how the experiment runs its course. I think some day if we ever find out what his parentage is, that his parents were people of science	science	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
Together with Afanasieff, they toned down the song's arrangement, making it a bit glossy, especially in comparison to the " raw and powerful ' One Sweet Day. ' " Additionally, with the help of her background singers, Carey added a touch of gospel	gospel	NOUN	to	ADP	 to
Meanwhile, large numbers of refugees continued to move south, causing the British and Australians further concern given the possibility that they might be used by the Chinese to cover the infiltration of their positions. At 08: 00 on 5 November a group of around 200 Chinese	Chinese	PROPN	attacked	VERB	 attacked
They threatened vague, but serious, consequences if anything should happen to the royal family. By 1792, the French republican position had become increasingly difficult. Compounding internal economic and social problems, French émigrés agitated abroad for support of a counter revolution that would restore an	an	DET	absolute	ADJ	 absolute
After the WTO phased out quantitative quotas on textile in 2004 under the Agreement on Textile and Clothing (ATC). Egyptian textile and garment producers feared that their industry would be threatened by global competition from China and India. The flood of similar articles from these two	two	NUM	nations	NOUN	 nations
Given the name Victor, the storm intensified to a peak of 120 km / h (75 mph) before weakening steadily due to increased wind shear. On February 14, the storm weakened to tropical depression status. Victor crossed into the south west Indian Ocean on	on	ADP	February	PROPN	 February
RNAs are produced (transcribed) from a DNA template. By convention, RNA sequences are written in a 5 ' to 3 ' direction. The 5 ' end is the part of the RNA molecule that is transcribed first, and the 3 ' end is transcribed	transcribed	VERB	last	ADJ	 last
In this phase, water vapor condenses on various nuclei present in the air, forming the cumulus cloud. This creates the characteristic flat bottomed puffy shape associated with cumulus clouds. The size of the cloud depends on the temperature profile of the atmosphere and the presence of	of	ADP	any	DET	 any
As a consequence of deindustrialisation, the unemployment rate was exceptionally high, especially among working class youth. It continued to rise in the early 1980s, peaking in February 1983. The discontent of so many people caused social unrest with frequent strikes, and culminated in a	a	DET	series	NOUN	 series
During the Second World War, York played in regional competitions, before the Football League restored its usual competitions in 1946 – 47. After fourteen seasons in the Football League, the club was required to apply for re election for the first time because they finished 1949	1949	NUM	–	PUNCT	 –
His support came primarily from his own state, together with some votes from Nebraska (Bryan's adopted state). On the fortieth ballot he again received 33 votes, putting him in fourth place. The Oklahoma delegates remained loyal until on the forty fourth ballot Owen	Owen	PROPN	released	VERB	 released
The Guides were disbanded in January 1862 after the Confederate government of Kentucky fled Bowling Green, as Hines did not want to fight anywhere except in Kentucky. He traveled to Richmond, Virginia, and missed the Battle of Shiloh as a result. In April, he	he	PRON	decided	VERB	 decided
West of I 87, the route crosses the Blue Line of Catskill Park and becomes the Onteora Trail. Although still four lanes wide, the route is no longer a limited access highway as it has an at grade intersection with Modica Lane, a local dead end	end	NOUN	street	NOUN	 street
For a mid February game against UNC, some of the most eager students might even begin tenting before spring classes begin. The total number of participating tents is capped at 100 (each tent can have up to 12 occupants), though interest is such that it	it	PRON	could	AUX	 could
There were some positive aspects of the third season's ratings however. Among adults aged 18 to 49, Fringe placed first in its Friday timeslot. Total viewers, as well as the ratings share for adults and teenagers, surpassed Fox's average for that same timeslot	timeslot	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
Under the new constitution, Southern Rhodesia became a self governing British colony, subsequent to a 1922 referendum. Rhodesians of all races served on behalf of the United Kingdom during the two World Wars. Proportional to the white population, Southern Rhodesia contributed more per capita to	to	ADP	both	DET	 both
Several people attempted to restart mining operations in 1898, 1909, 1916, and 1950, but none of these attempts were successful. After Silver Reef's mines were closed, many of the buildings were purchased for their lumber and building stone. One buyer dismantled the	the	DET	building	NOUN	 building
" GamePro gave the Tetris & Dr. Mario compilation a rave review. They praised the Mixed Match mode and the SNES enhanced graphics and sounds, and concluded " Sharp controls and absorbing action are what make these two classics even better as a pair than they were alone	alone	ADJ	.	PUNCT	.
During the war, he served for four years with the Royal Australian Air Force. Upon his return, he immediately hit form for South Australia against New South Wales where he hit 74 not out and 75 in a match starting 14 December 1945. He then scored	scored	VERB	56	NUM	 56
The PVA 38th Corps, on the other hand, was marching towards the Kunu ri — Sunchon road virtually unopposed. On 7 a.m. at November 28, the PVA 113th Division of the 38th Corps occupied the town of Samo ri, placing it right in the path	path	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
As a caisson descended, the chain coiled up at the bottom of the lift. The small amount of energy was created by ensuring that the ascending caisson was a little too low by the time the descending one reached the bottom. Thus it would hold a greater	greater	ADJ	depth	NOUN	 depth
On a 2nd and 5 from the Buffalo 15 yard line, Tyler Lorenzen scored his second rushing touchdown of the game. UConn's lead was extended to 31 – 20 with less than five minutes left in the game. Receiving the ball at their own 8 yard	yard	NOUN	line	NOUN	 line
This was recognised by a pay raise to $10,000 per annum in 1954. Christy joined Oppenheimer, Lauritsen and Robert Bacher, who joined the faculty at Caltech in 1949, in Project Vista, a detailed 1951 study on how Western Europe could be defended against the	the	DET	Soviet	PROPN	 Soviet
SDSS has recorded redshifts for galaxies as high as 0.8, and has been involved in the detection of quasars beyond z = 6. The DEEP2 Redshift Survey uses the Keck telescopes with the new " DEIMOS " spectrograph; a follow up to the pilot program DEEP1,	,	PUNCT	DEEP2	PROPN	 DEEP2
The Frigates, An Account of the Lighter Warships of the Napoleonic Wars 1793 – 1815. Leo Cooper. ISBN 0 85052 432 6. James, William (2002) [1827]. The Naval History of Great Britain, 1793 – 1827. Conway Maritime Press	Press	PROPN	.	PUNCT	.
These were some of the first new songs played on the radio after the release of " Pumps " and both were slated to appear on her second album. The 11 track album, completed in five months, was produced entirely by Salaam Remi and Ronson, with	with	ADP	the	DET	 the
Anna encounters them, and they confide in her (" Hello, Young Lovers ", reprise). The play (" Small House of Uncle Thomas ", narrated ballet) is presented in a Siamese ballet inspired dance. Tuptim is the narrator, and she	she	PRON	tells	VERB	 tells
She was visited by King Charles XV of Sweden on one occasion when visiting one of Sweden's west coast ports in the early 1870s. Mjølner was reconstructed in 1897: her turret was converted to a barbette and her main guns were replaced by a pair of Cockerill	Cockerill	PROPN	120	NUM	 120
ProtoGalaxy is presented from a 2.5D perspective; the 2D playing field employs 3D graphics. ProtoGalaxy incorporates elements of a variety of gaming genres, such as adventure, arcade, shooter, puzzle, and role playing genres. In the game's back story, a species	species	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
Held annually, the Boat Race is a side by side rowing race between crews from the Universities of Oxford and Cambridge along the River Thames. Cambridge were reigning champions, having won the previous year's race, and more than half their crew had already participated in	in	ADP	the	DET	 the
Though the northern section of Route 7 begins a few blocks south, it is not readily recognized (minimal signing). As CR 506 runs concurrently with it here, and then turns down Rutgers for the short distance that bridges the gap between the two Route 7	7	NUM	sections	NOUN	 sections
In 2001, Trevor was one of five finalists for the Tewaaraton Trophy as the outstanding male player in college lacrosse. In the 2001 semifinal 12 – 11 victory over Towson State, he made game saving last minute point blank saves to secure the victory. Tierney was	was	AUX	drafted	VERB	 drafted
Franklin urged Congress to accommodate Lafayette, and also keep him safe and out of the action lest his death harm the American cause. Congress dutifully voted in July 1777 to commission Lafayette as a major general, and sent him to meet Washington. The two men formed	formed	VERB	a	DET	 a
While in California, Washington authored the novel, A Tale to be Told Some Fifty Years Hence, which was published in 1853. Washington then relocated east to Missouri in the 1850s, where he remained for a few years and fought as a Border Ruffian during the	the	DET	Bleeding	PROPN	 Bleeding
The fourth (skewed) wheel is a backup in case one of the other three wheels fails. Each wheel weighs 10 kg (22 lb) and can be spun as fast as 100 Hz or 6,000 rpm. In order to determine the spacecraft's orbit and	and	CCONJ	facilitate	NOUN	 facilitate
" However, the reviewer said her themes of gender and religion, " rendered artfully and gracefully in [The Mists of Avalon], becomes tiresome with repetition. " Bradley said that some readers would take umbrage at her changes to the Trojan legend; she said	said	VERB	,	PUNCT	,
There are records of migrant house martins staying to breed in Namibia and South Africa instead of returning north. As would be expected for a long distance migrant, it has occurred as a vagrant eastwards to Alaska and west to Newfoundland, Bermuda and the Azores. The	The	DET	common	ADJ	 common
With a black and minority ethnic population of 3% in 2001, Cranham and Upminster wards have the lowest Simpson index for ethnic diversity in London. The level of home ownership is atypically high compared to the rest of London and England, with over 90% of	of	ADP	housing	NOUN	 housing
Jacques started her run in ITMA in September 1947, at the beginning of series eleven, which ran for 38 episodes, and was paid ten guineas per episode. For much of 1948 Jacques continued to record episodes of ITMA for half the week, while spending evenings	evenings	NOUN	in	ADP	 in
It was his 19th ODI century and his fifth in Bangladesh, making him the batsman with most ODI centuries in Bangladesh. India were knocked out of the tournament after narrow losses against Sri Lanka and Pakistan, in which Kohli scored 48 and 5 respectively. Dhoni returned	returned	VERB	from	ADP	 from
Toward the end of season five, House begins to hallucinate; after eliminating other possible diagnoses, Wilson and he determine that his Vicodin addiction is the most likely cause. House goes into denial about this for a brief time, but at the close of the season	season	NOUN	finale	NOUN	 finale
Revolver Entertainment licensed it in January 2008 and was released on DVD in the United Kingdom on February 25. In September 2008, Funimation announced that it had acquired the distribution rights of the film to North America. A Blu Ray version was released in Japan on February	February	PROPN	20	NUM	 20
While Titanfall has no offline, single player, or local splitscreen modes, it supports system link over a local area network (LAN). Respawn founder Vince Zampella described the game as bringing " scale, verticality, and story " to the first person shooter genre	genre	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
Though his stellar play had Cardinals ' fans chanting " M V P! " during home games as early as June, Pujols again finished second to Bonds in MVP voting. He won his second Silver Slugger Award in 2003. He also won the Sporting News Player	Player	PROPN	of	ADP	 of
The ship, part of the US Navy's Battleship Division Nine, under the command of Rear Admiral Hugh Rodman, arrived on 7 December and was assigned to the 6th Battle Squadron of the Grand Fleet. Following training exercises with the British fleet, 6th Battle Squadron	Squadron	PROPN	was	AUX	 was
Educational programs were also given emphasis by the embassy in the years after independence, and there was a sizable Peace Corps presence. The US became the protecting power for the United Kingdom in Somalia after Somalia severed diplomatic relations with the United Kingdom in 1963, due to	to	ADP	a	DET	 a
' " On behalf of USA Today, Patrick Ryan labelled the track as a hybrid of " anthemic " sound of " XO " and " Caribbean vibes " of " Standing on the Sun " and " Grown Woman ". Lindsay Zoladz, a reviewer from Vulture	Vulture	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
Many of the investigations centered on the country ’ s history under communism, especially in the instance of the Joseph Stalin period. In another television appearance, Goldstucker presented both doctored and undoctored photographs of former communist leaders who had been purged, imprisoned, or executed and	and	CCONJ	thus	ADV	 thus
McCoy spent the 2012 season backing up Browns ' rookie first round pick Brandon Weeden. When Weeden was injured against the Denver Broncos, McCoy completed 9 out of his 17 pass attempts for 79 yards. On April 1, 2013 the Browns traded McCoy and a 2013	2013	NUM	6th	ADJ	 6th
145) in the old Hellenistic city of Pergamon and the so called " Round Temple " at Ostia (c. 230 – 240), which may have been related to the Imperial cult. The Pergamon dome was about 80 Roman feet wide, versus about 150 for	for	ADP	the	DET	 the
Following the success of his corps at the Battle of Broodseinde on 4 October 1917, Godley believed the morale of the Germans was low, and pushed for further attacks to secure the Passchendaele Ridge. This was in concert with the preference of Field Marshal Douglas Haig,	,	PUNCT	the	DET	 the
With their timeframe extended, the development team added extra attacks for the ten characters, day – night transition interactions, in game scores and leaderboards, a cooperative multiplayer splitscreen mode, and a post release update that extends the cooperative mode over online and local network.	.	PUNCT	The	DET	 The
The music was received with somewhat more favor than the episode itself, especially " Candyman ", sung by the newly constituted Troubletones. All five song covers performed in the episode were released as singles, available for download, and one of them, " Last Friday	Friday	PROPN	Night	PROPN	 Night
In 1988 the Kilham estate was divided into three separate farms: Kilham, Longknowe and Thompson's Walls. Longknowe Farm now specialises in breeding and rearing sheep and suckler cows, while Kilham Farm is leased to a neighbouring farmer at Thornington, and some of the buildings	buildings	NOUN	have	AUX	 have
As in real life, it is the Red Baron, Germany's ace pilot and war hero, who initiates the truce with the fictitious Snoopy. The 1969 film Oh! What a Lovely War includes a scene of a Christmas truce with British and German soldiers sharing	sharing	VERB	jokes	NOUN	 jokes
Previously, it was believed that the background color had been blue and that all sculptures had been almost entirely gilded, and this is reflected in many paintings of Vasa from the 1970s to the early ' 90s, such as the lively and dramatic drawings of Björn Landström	Landström	PROPN	or	CCONJ	 or
Aubrey was so despondent at losing his job Stanton feared he would kill himself. Wall Street took the news badly as well: CBS stock plunged nine points over the following week. The stock tumble " puts my net value to the network at $20 million,	,	PUNCT	"	PUNCT	 "
In any event, he soon decided against making a run. In March 2015, her book Whatever You Choose to Be: 8 Tips for the Road Ahead was published, based upon a commencement address she gave the year before at Southern Utah University. This was	was	AUX	followed	VERB	 followed
Erik Adams of The A.V. Club awarded the episode an " A – " and wrote that " the quality of this series finale is found in the way it functions right now, in the afterglow of a TV show to which many devoted more than 100 hours of	of	ADP	their	PRON	 their
Known parasites of this species include the copepod Trebius latifurcatus, which infests the skin, the myxosporidian Chloromyxum levigatum, which infests the gall bladder, and the tapeworm Paraberrapex manifestus, which infests the spiral valve intestine. The leech Branchellion lobata may be attached around this shark	shark	NOUN	's	PART	's
By negotiating the Hay – Pauncefote Treaty with the United Kingdom, the (ultimately unratified) Hay – Herrán Treaty with Colombia, and finally the Hay – Bunau Varilla Treaty with the newly independent Republic of Panama, Hay also cleared the way for the building of the	the	DET	Panama	PROPN	 Panama
The preface of Wilhelmina Rawson's Queensland Cookery and Poultry Book (1878), published in Australia, observes that: " Mrs Lance Rawson's Cookery Book... is written entirely for the Colonies, and for the middle classes, and for those people who can not	not	PART	afford	VERB	 afford
Olly warns Stevie not to attend a party later but Naz says they should go anyway, and on the way there, Stevie meets Masood Ahmed (Nitin Ganatra), but assumes he is a suicide bomber. At the party, Asher poses as Stevie's new	new	ADJ	boyfriend	NOUN	 boyfriend
Edward Teller wrote that " Nobody knows all science, not even von Neumann did. But as for mathematics, he contributed to every part of it except number theory and topology. That is, I think, something unique. " Beginning in the late 1930s,	,	PUNCT	von	PROPN	 von
Emma said that the very first time she ever became aware of a polygamy revelation being attributed to Smith by Mormons was when she read about it in Orson Pratt's periodical The Seer in 1853. Emma campaigned publicly against polygamy, and was the main signatory of a	a	DET	petition	NOUN	 petition
The album's songs are primarily guitar based and contain jagged, rumbling rhythms, loose guitar riffs, funk licks, and studio effects, including an adundant use of reverb. Their musical structures are characterized by eccentric arrangements, shifting melodies, and rhythms that vary at	at	ADP	offbeat	ADJ	 offbeat
The historical paradigm that all globular clusters consist of stars born at exactly the same time, or sharing exactly the same chemical abundance, has likewise been overturned (e.g., NGC 2808). Further, the morphology of the cluster stars in a color magnitude diagram,	,	PUNCT	and	CCONJ	 and
Kasavin summarized it as " a short, uninspired game that's yet another would be imitator of Capcom's own Devil May Cry. " Matt Casamassina of IGN wrote that players will " want to like " the game, but that its " design flaws and sloppy	sloppy	ADJ	execution	NOUN	 execution
Barnes made only 12 and 15, jeopardising his place, but what Wisden termed " another of his dour, determined but faultless innings for top score " in the New South Wales game against South Australia ensured a second chance. In the fourth Test at Adelaide he	he	PRON	made	VERB	 made
He ended up winning the stage by fifty seconds over Bugno, thereby extending his lead over the rest of his competitors. The final stage culminated with a bunch sprint that was won by Cipollini. Chioccioli had won the Giro d'Italia for the first time by almost four	four	NUM	minutes	NOUN	 minutes
New South Wales won another Sheffield Shield title under Craig's leadership. In one match against arch rivals Victoria, Craig was ill with tonsillitis, but came out to bat with his team struggling at 7 / 70 while chasing a low total of 161. Craig made	made	VERB	24	NUM	 24
On the Illinois side of the bridge, US 150 began at the state line. During the 1950s, as today's highway system was beginning to take shape, Iowa 150 was rerouted a couple times in Cedar Rapids. The first adjustment happened in 1954, when	when	SCONJ	US	PROPN	 US
These were top grossing Bollywood productions, and both earned her Best Supporting Actress nominations at the Filmfare Awards. Koechlin co wrote the screenplay for the crime thriller That Girl in Yellow Boots (2011), in which she also played the lead role. She won the	the	DET	National	PROPN	 National
Miller later explained that he wanted the production to avoid the mistakes typically made in movie tie in games involved a lack of time devoted to the production, and excluding the people working on the film from work on the game. Miller hoped that they had rectified these	these	DET	issues	NOUN	 issues
Shrewsbury's monastic gathering was disbanded with the Dissolution of the Monasteries and as such the Abbey was closed in 1540. However, it is believed that Henry VIII thereafter intended to make Shrewsbury a cathedral city after the formation of the Church of England, but the citizens	citizens	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
Ernest funneled his political thoughts into the private sphere, preferring to write covertly sponsored articles in the Coburg press that became increasingly embittered against England. In 1886, Ernest published Co Regents and Foreign Influence in Germany, a pamphlet that greatly angered his family; though produced	produced	VERB	anonymously	ADV	 anonymously
The new word cultivar was promoted as " euphonious " and " free from ambiguity ". It serves a purpose. Its use was subsequently recommended by the first Cultivated Plant Code, which was published in 1953, and by 1960 it had achieved wide international acceptance.	.	PUNCT	The	DET	 The
These modern admissions of ignorance are a relatively recent trend; earlier generations of historians were less sceptical. The historian John Morris made the putative reign of Arthur the organising principle of his history of sub Roman Britain and Ireland, The Age of Arthur (1973).	.	PUNCT	Even	ADV	 Even
The law students defined themselves as " patriots " and wore tricolour cockades to signal they were insipred by Jacobin revolutionary ideals, but modified them to distinguish themselves from the French. The chosen colours were white and red since those are the colours of the flag of Bologna	Bologna	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
The 8.12 inch (206 mm) 68 pounder weighed 10,640 pound (4,826.2 kg) and had a range of 3,200 yards (2,900 m) with solid shot. During construction the armament was changed to include six (Defence) or eight (Resistance) rifled 110	110	NUM	pounder	NOUN	 pounder
Later, Streisand dons a disguise and visits the boys again, offering them a monetary reward for the triangle. Stan, Kenny and Kyle are suspicious, but Cartman insists they go along for the money. Streisand takes them to her condo in the mountains, where	where	SCONJ	she	PRON	 she
In his book Maestro Mario: How Nintendo Transformed Videogame Music into an Art, videogame scholar Andrew Schartmann notes the possible influence of Jerry Goldsmith's Alien score on Tanaka's music — a hypothesis supported by Sakamoto's acknowledgement of Alien's influence on the game's development	development	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
To further secure the foundation, workers drilled 660 – 880 ft (200 – 270 m) holes into the granite and filled any fissures with grout, creating a grout curtain. At times, excavated areas collapsed from overburden. In order to secure these areas from	from	ADP	further	ADJ	 further
She was also a great believer in the beneficial effects of fresh air, insisting that her horses ' top stable doors were permanently left open. She was vehemently opposed to the vaccination of horses against equine influenza, and challenged a Jockey Club decision to make vaccination compulsory	compulsory	ADJ	.	PUNCT	.
Indeed, a general strengthening of resistance along the Wadi Sukereir line was concentrated around Qastina, towards which the 2nd Light Horse Brigade advanced, capturing a refugee column between Suafir and Qastina. The series of engagements leading up to the Battle of Mughar Ridge began on 10	10	NUM	November	PROPN	 November
Ivan Pavlovsky, the Commander of the Soviet Ground Forces, visited Kabul in mid August to study the situation in Afghanistan. Amin, in a speech just a few days after Pavlovsky's arrival, said that he wanted closer relations between Afghanistan and the People's Republic	Republic	PROPN	of	ADP	 of
Gladys Noon Spellman was an educator in Prince George's County and chairperson of the National Mental Health Study Center before becoming the first woman to serve on the county ’ s Board of Commissioners. She suffered a heart attack that ended her congressional career on October 13,	,	PUNCT	1980	NUM	 1980
The city was also under latent danger of attack by the Venetians. For centuries the people of Dubrovnik were able to preserve their city republic by skillful maneuvering between East and West. A strategic treaty with Turkey protracted Ragusa ’ s liberty and maintained the opportunity for a	a	DET	major	ADJ	 major
Northern Paiutes or their ancestors, who were hunter gatherers, have lived in the region for thousands of years. Since the arrival of Euro Americans in the 19th century, cattle ranching and other forms of agriculture have dominated land use in the area. In 1930,	,	PUNCT	logging	VERB	 logging
Ratified by the British government on 12 January 1921, by the Japanese government on 25 January 1921 and by the Italian government on 3 March 1921. Registered in League of Nations Treaty Series on 21 July 1921. The Minority Treaties were the basis of the League's	's	PART	system	NOUN	 system
" Outside New Zealand and France, the focus was on the fact that, as in 1999, France had pulled off what The Guardian described as another " incredible triumph against the odds. " In 2011, New Zealand hosted the Rugby World Cup. Unusually,	,	PUNCT	France	PROPN	 France
The completed work, titled Kadosh, included a candlelight vigil, and dancers tearing their clothes and shouting questions at Broude that reframed the classic question about God and The Holocaust in terms of the Vietnam War: " How can there be a God if He allows all	all	DET	the	DET	 the
Mayer feigned madness to avoid military service during the war, which led him to intense examinations from a military psychiatrist. The experience left him distrustful of authority, and the psychiatrist served as a model for the Dr. Caligari character. Janowitz and Mayer were introduced in June	June	PROPN	1918	NUM	 1918
Its conjugate base is acetate (CH3COO −). A 1.0 M solution (about the concentration of domestic vinegar) has a pH of 2.4, indicating that merely 0.4% of the acetic acid molecules are dissociated. In solid acetic acid, the molecules form pairs	pairs	NOUN	(	PUNCT	 (
He was usually placed near the bottom of the Yankees lineup, which was given the nickname " Murderers ' Row ". Many sports analysts, baseball writers and fans consider the 1927 team the greatest baseball team of all time. Although Collins was labelled an " offensive	offensive	ADJ	afterthought	NOUN	 afterthought
After industrial activity declined in the late 20th century, land reclamation and post war residential developments have altered the landscape and encouraged economic activity along Elliott Street — Tyldesley's central commercial area and main thoroughfare. Tyldesley meaning " Tilwald's clearing " is derived from the Old	Old	PROPN	English	PROPN	 English
Herd numbers fluctuate between 160 and 360 animals, with numbers changing based on weather severity. The population is split into numerous smaller herds, ranging from 40 to 50 in number, each ranging over approximately 3 square kilometres (1.2 sq mi). Due to the	the	DET	lack	NOUN	 lack
She has attacks of hysteria and, despite Nemo's attempts to save their marriage, ultimately leaves him to pursue Stefano. Alternatively, after being rejected by Elise, Nemo resolves to marry the first girl who will dance with him at the school prom. That night	night	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
Utility damage was estimated at $3 million. Businesses sustained $1.9 million in damage. Dolphin also caused $1.2 million worth of crop damage. The typhoon damaged over 7,000 banana trees as well as 39 of the endangered ironwood trees. Rough waves sank a boat	boat	NOUN	at	ADP	 at
The division left its training area in Austria over the period 1 – 12 May 1943, travelling by train via the route Vienna – Graz – Marburg – Zagreb. It was known as the " Tiger Division " (Croatian: Tigar Divizija), and was subordinated	subordinated	VERB	to	ADP	 to
It could be argued that the creation of a Quistclose trust is not based on the recovery of the original interest, but the creation of a new one. Doubts have also been raised about the Twinsectra case in general, in that the facts of the case did	did	AUX	not	PART	 not
" In 1935 a copy of the book listed for sale by Philip Duschnes, a New York bookseller, contained a photostat of an editor's note identifying Cather as the author. David Stouck, professor emeritus of English at Simon Fraser University, writes that the Christian	Christian	PROPN	Science	PROPN	 Science
John Carpenter produced a ballet on the theme. Paul Frankl designed a range of popular " skyscraper furniture ". Much of this commentary was positive, reflecting an optimism about technology and the direction of urban life in general. Skyscrapers were seen as an expression of rational	rational	ADJ	engineering	NOUN	 engineering
The wall was built facing inland, showing that the people living in the village were more afraid of attacks from the land than from the sea. In around 700 BC, the Phoenicians founded and fortified the city of Maleth on one of the highest points of the	the	DET	island	NOUN	 island
The Canucks went on to win in double overtime, advancing to the Stanley Cup Finals. Having suffered a torn labrum on the play, Kesler required cortisone shots to continue playing for the remainder of the playoffs (his injury was not revealed until the off season,	,	PUNCT	however	ADV	 however
In addition to the box office and critical success of the film itself, the Mermaid soundtrack album earned two awards at the 33rd Grammy Awards in 1991: the Grammy Award for Best Album for Children and the Grammy Award for Best Score Soundtrack Album for a Motion Picture	Picture	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
The conidia produced are thin and curved with a whip like shape. They have 13 – 20 septa, measure 65 – 135 by 2 – 3.5 μm, and usually have a single branch (typically about 45 μm long) that appears before cells are released.	.	PUNCT	There	PRON	 There
He believed that Merrick, who had to sleep sitting up because of the weight of his head, had been attempting to sleep lying down to " be like other people ". The exact cause of Merrick's deformities is unclear. The dominant theory throughout much of	of	ADP	the	DET	 the
The second version project was approved by the city on August 4, 2005. Before construction of One Rincon Hill, the clock tower was razed to make way for the construction of the towers. Three months after San Francisco approved the project, construction began on the	the	DET	South	PROPN	 South
By the 19th century, they were found performing light draft work, as well as riding and driving duties. Cornelius Krieghoff, a 19th century Canadian painter, was known for his works featuring the Canadian horse, who he usually showed in association with the French habitants	habitants	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
The opening round of the season, which was the 1000 km of Catalunya, saw Bruneau, partnered by Moseley and Nigel Greensall, finishing tenth overall, and fourth in the LM P2 category. At the 1000 km of Spa, Tim Greaves and Jonathon Coleman replaced	replaced	VERB	Moseley	PROPN	 Moseley
All four Australian heavy bomber squadrons participated in the next major attack, which took place on the night of 7 / 8 August to support Operation Totalize, but cloud and smoke again prevented many of the bombers from attacking the target area. The four squadrons also attacked	attacked	VERB	German	ADJ	 German
The east approach to the bridge features an abandoned gas station and the ghost town of Dewey. The west approach has been converted to a rest area and park. On April 6, 2008, a seven year old boy accidentally started a fire in a nearby campground	campground	NOUN	while	SCONJ	 while
Adams composed the game's flamenco inspired music. A z axis was introduced in the 2008 release because he felt the limitations with a single plane increasing; the feature of making various constructions like walls was also added at this time. In the earlier version, players	players	NOUN	could	AUX	 could
In the first round, Carlsen, surprisingly, conceded a draw to his classmate Brede Hagen (rated 2034) after having a lost position at one point. A game which attracted some attention was his sixth round win over his father, Henrik Carlsen. Carlsen reached	reached	VERB	the	DET	 the
He was wary of allowing his Catholic elder half sister Mary to succeed, and therefore drew up a will designating Lady Jane Grey as his heiress. Jane's reign, however, lasted only nine days; with tremendous popular support, Mary deposed her and declared herself	herself	PRON	the	DET	 the
Harry planned to produce a jazz newspaper called Storyville / 52nd Street and contacted Sam Leach, the owner of a club called Storyville. Leach promised to fund the newspaper, but failed to turn up for three meetings with Harry, leaving him no other option but to	to	PART	find	VERB	 find
Last updated: France v Scotland, 4 June 2016. Statistics include official FIFA recognised matches only. The Scottish Football Association includes a match against a Hong Kong League XI played on 23 May 2002 in its statistical totals. Kenny Dalglish holds the record for Scotland appearances	appearances	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
Earlier in the year, the long standing containment strategy toward the U.S.S.R. had been modified by Matlock's predecessor Richard Pipes to include bringing internal pressure on the Soviets while conducting negotiations in the mutual interest. In following years, discussions with the Soviets were conducted under Matlock	Matlock	PROPN	's	PART	's
He sought and found the cursed sword Soul Edge, only to be pulled into the dimension that the sword's spirit inhabits. Escaping the dimension with his body drastically mutated, his memories and sanity initially lost, he now wields various forms of energy as weapons,	,	PUNCT	while	SCONJ	 while
The earliest known person to perform the bicycle kick is the defender Ramón Unzaga, a Basque athlete born in Spain and naturalized Chilean, and he is sometimes credited as its inventor. His first bicycle kick is dated as occurring either in 1914 or in 1916. According	According	VERB	to	ADP	 to
These are by far the longest migrations known in the animal kingdom. The Arctic tern flies as well as glides through the air, performing almost all of its tasks in the air. It nests once every one to three years (depending on its mating cycle)	)	PUNCT	;	PUNCT	;
With Task Force 61, Cushing took part in the bitterly contested Battle of Santa Cruz in October 1942. Outnumbered, the force stalled the Japanese from their advance toward Guadalcanal. At the Battle of Guadalcanal, Cushing was perhaps the first US ship to strike the enemy	enemy	NOUN	on	ADP	 on
There are also meteorologists assigned to data acquisition responsibilities, staff in this position are responsible for monitoring weather balloons, river stage observations, operation of the NOAA weather radio system and operations of the cooperative observer network. During times of Severe Weather NWS Lincoln divides its covered	covered	VERB	area	NOUN	 area
In March, two additional processing keys were posted: C8 72 94 CE 84 F9 CC EB 59 84 B5 47 EE C1 8D 66, for MKB v9 45 2F 6E 40 3C DF 10 71 4E 41 DF AA 25 7D 31 3F, for MKB v10	v10	NOUN	While	SCONJ	 While
Analysis of these RNAs has revealed that they are highly structured. Unlike DNA, their structures do not consist of long double helices, but rather collections of short helices packed together into structures akin to proteins. In this fashion, RNAs can achieve chemical catalysis, like	like	ADP	enzymes	NOUN	 enzymes
He went on to join Gerry Mulligan's quartet and, with Benny Golson, to co found the Jazztet. Continuing to develop his own sound, Farmer switched from trumpet to the warmer flugelhorn in the early 1960s, and he helped to establish the flugelhorn as a	a	DET	soloist	NOUN	 soloist
However, once the decision was taken to send a corps size field force to fight in the South African War, the system began to show a strain. Three divisions were earmarked for deployment in October 1899, and 25,000 men were mobilised from the reserve to reinforce	reinforce	VERB	them	PRON	 them
In the Champions League, Benzema scored an important double against Rangers at Ibrox Stadium on the last match day of the group stage. The 3 – 0 victory assured Lyon progression to the knockout rounds. In the knockout rounds, Lyon faced Manchester United and Benzema continued	continued	VERB	to	PART	 to
" As improvements crept in despite Eckfeldt's caution, the Chief Coiner saw their value and became more enthusiastic, noting the savings in working time afforded by the Contamin lathe, which had been imported from France after being seen by Peale there. To help deal with	with	ADP	the	DET	 the
He had it removed in February 2002, but it grew back later that season, and he missed the entire year while undergoing a second surgery. Hennessey began 2003 in extended spring training but pitched for the Hagerstown Suns of the Single A South Atlantic League from June	June	PROPN	14	NUM	 14
State law requires that wards be compact and contiguous and that the largest ward may not exceed the population of the smallest by more than 10% of the average ward size. Ward boundaries are redrawn, as needed, by a board of ward commissioners consisting of two	two	NUM	Democrats	PROPN	 Democrats
Although the Wehrmacht (German Armed Forces) was keeping the Allied forces contained along the Siegfried Line, the campaign had cost the Wehrmacht nearly 750,000 casualties, mostly irreplaceable. However, the rapid advance of the Allied armies in August and September after Operation Overlord had created	created	VERB	a	DET	 a
The element <formula>, conversely, is the clamped electrical impedance, that is, the impedance presented to the electrical side when the mechanical side is clamped and prevented from moving (velocity is zero). The remaining two elements, <formula> and <	<	PROPN	formula	NOUN	formula
During the player's turn, three cards are randomly drawn from a deck of nine, each resulting in an attack. If the cards ' combined strength and attached skills are insufficient to exhaust the enemy's HP, the heartless will counterattack. If the player survives	survives	VERB	this	DET	 this
It was added to the front page of tism.com.au on 29 April 2011, the third anniversary of Tokin's passing, prior to the site being revamped and relaunched. In March 2010, TISM released on iTunes, a " 21st century mix " of their single Shut	Shut	PROPN	Up	ADP	 Up
It is considered by some to be the Great American Novel. The 50th anniversary of the novel's release was met with celebrations and reflections on its impact. Eric Zorn of the Chicago Tribune praises Lee's " rich use of language " but writes that the central	central	ADJ	lesson	NOUN	 lesson
The gap in the state highway within East New Market was closed in 1917. The segment of highway between Preston and Grove was surfaced by 1915. MD 16 between Grove and Bureau was under construction by 1919 and finished around 1920. The state highway was constructed from	from	ADP	the	DET	 the
The golden yellow inflorescences appear in summer and autumn (January to April) and are 8 – 20 cm (3 – 8 in) high and 6.5 cm (2.6 in) wide. The smooth pistils are 3 – 3.5 cm long and hooked at the end	end	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
The actress also gave a speech in which she thanked Gorbachev, saying that when she and her family left the Soviet Union in 1980 they were sadly sure that they would never see their relatives again and that thanks to him they have been reunited. Jovovich was born	born	VERB	in	ADP	 in
Capture and destruction of the canal bridge would be signalled using the codeword ' Jack '; ' Lard ' would be used if a similar fate befell the river bridge. The Ranville bridge spans the River Orne and the Bénouville bridge crosses the Caen Canal to the west	west	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
In this speech, which was subsequently published under the title of " Doing your Will ", he examined the Thelemite concept of True Will, writing that: The mainspring of an individual is his creative Will. This Will is the sum of his tendencies, his	his	PRON	destiny	NOUN	 destiny
In the absence of radar guns, however, it is impossible to say just how hard Young actually threw. Young continued to perform at a high level during the 1890 season. On the last day of the season, Young won both games of a doubleheader.	.	PUNCT	In	ADP	 In
He scored three points in the first round robin game against the Czech Republic, an 8 – 1 win, and was named Player of the Game. In the final round robin game against the United States, Tavares scored a hat trick for his 12th career goal	goal	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
In 1952 the primary school had an attendance of 194 pupils, including children from the War Department housing estate. In the latter part of the 20th century the school was moved to new premises and was renamed Five Acres Primary School. The 1876 school building is now	now	ADV	the	DET	 the
The Nicaean Empire struggled to survive the next few decades, however, and by the mid 13th century it had lost much of southern Anatolia. The weakening of the Sultanate of Rûm following the Mongol invasion in 1242 – 43 allowed many beyliks and ghazis to set up	up	ADP	their	PRON	 their
Bye Bye " on his cell phone display. Scully calls out to Mulder but he is speechless. The genesis for " Blood " was Glen Morgan's own hematophobia, combined with the controversy over malathion spraying in Southern California and a note between writers Morgan and Wong	Wong	PROPN	that	PRON	 that
Tillman proposed a " maximum battleship " in a Senate resolution in July 1912, which was adopted unanimously: Resolved: That the Committee on Naval Affairs [is] instructed to investigate and report to the Senate... the object being to find out from official sources the	the	DET	maximum	ADJ	 maximum
Rick returns Shane's pistol and tells Shane he needs to follow Rick's command from then on if he wants to remain part of the group. Shane reluctantly agrees. At the farmhouse, Lori, Maggie, and Andrea (Laurie Holden) are taking care of	of	ADP	Maggie	PROPN	 Maggie
The plutonium was then chemically separated from the uranium. The gun type design proved impractical to use with plutonium so the implosion type weapon was developed in a concerted design and construction effort at the project's principal research and design laboratory in Los Alamos, New Mexico.	.	PUNCT	The	DET	 The
The episode was written by the series co creator, show runner and executive producer Damon Lindelof and supervising producer Drew Goddard, and directed by Jack Bender. It first aired in the United States on February 14, 2007, on the American Broadcasting Company. The episode	episode	NOUN	received	VERB	 received
In her book, Folklore, Horror Stories, and the Slender Man: The Development of an Internet Mythology, Professor Shira Chess of the University of Georgia connected the Slender Man to ancient folklore about fairies. Like fairies, Slender Man is otherworldly, with motives that	that	PRON	are	AUX	 are
Some cats can develop a compulsive behavior known as psychogenic alopecia, or excessive grooming. Among domestic cats, males are more likely to fight than females. Among feral cats, the most common reason for cat fighting is competition between two males to mate with a female	female	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
The Catechism states that, with the help of God's grace, men and women are required to overcome lust and bodily desires " for sinful relationships with another person's spouse. " In Theology of the Body, a series of lectures given by Pope John Paul	Paul	PROPN	II	PROPN	 II
He portrayed himself as a victim of public opinion, claiming that " a mournful accident was swelled up into a bloody midnight murder, and how it has been brought about that my unfortunate name has been branded, not simply through the United Kingdom, but through the	the	DET	civilised	ADJ	 civilised
Rowan Atkinson said that the scene involving Darling's " ghastly realisation " of his commission was " very sad "; Lloyd commented " I love the fact that Captain Darling does have some compassion; he's not just a bureaucrat ". They noted that " all	all	DET	the	DET	 the
Devotees can first complete a ritual circumambulation on the jagati starting from the main entrance by walking in a clockwise direction (towards the left) before entering the mantapa, following the sculptural clockwise sequenced reliefs on the outer temple walls depicting a sequence of epic scenes from the	the	DET	Hindu	PROPN	 Hindu
Nevertheless, the residents of Chincoteague, along with those on Tangier Island (part of Accomack) in the Chesapeake Bay, chose not to leave the Union, in Chincoteague's case by a vote of 134 or 135 to 1 or 2 — sources differ as to	to	ADP	the	DET	 the
The latter interpretation is used in the following description. It is almost square, but at the front it is slightly narrower than at the back. The labial side of the tooth is taller and less worn than the lingual side. There are two rows of cusps	cusps	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
While the terms of the sale allow Hilton to run the hotel for the next 100 years, they also call for " a major renovation " that the officials say has raised eyebrows in the US Government because of concerns about Chinese eavesdropping and cyber espionage. Carlos P.	P.	PROPN	Romulo	PROPN	 Romulo
A week before the show, the venue's box office told the Leicester Mercury that the concert was " probably about half full. There's good availability ". In December 2011, the Femme Fatale Tour was number 19 on Billboard's Top 25 Tours of 2011	2011	NUM	.	PUNCT	.
Diefenbaker was relieved both that Trudeau had been humbled and that Stanfield had been denied power. Trudeau regained his majority two years later in an election that saw Diefenbaker, by then the only living former Prime Minister, have his personal majority grow to 11,000 votes. In	In	ADP	the	DET	 the
On September 18, 96, Domitian was assassinated by court officials, and with him the Flavian dynasty came to an end. The same day, he was succeeded by his friend and advisor Nerva, who founded the long lasting Nervan Antonian dynasty. Domitian's memory	memory	NOUN	was	AUX	 was
He scored 11 goals in 16 league matches as the club finished third. Đurić returned to Australia at the end of the season and obtained Australian citizenship in the hope of representing the Socceroos. He played for Sydney based Marconi Stallions, reverting to his left midfield position	position	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
Bruce Harwood, who portrayed Byers, noted that the action sequences in the episode were a challenge. He explained, " It's pretty difficult on a set when the stuntmen come up to you and go, ' Don't worry, you'll be safe,	,	PUNCT	Nothing	PRON	 Nothing
In the 2011 census, for people travelling to work from this suburb, 34% travelled in a car as the driver, 34% took the train, 5% walked, 4% took the bus and train and 3% took the bus. Summer Hill	Hill	PROPN	is	AUX	 is
The Wong Kim Ark court's affirmation of jus soli as the primary rule determining United States citizenship has been cited in several Supreme Court decisions affirming the citizenship of U.S.-born individuals of Chinese or Japanese ancestry. The court's holding that the language of the Constitution should be	be	AUX	understood	VERB	 understood
The part instead went to Eric McCormack, who revealed that taking the role was not difficult because he liked the concept of a gay show not being about the " issues " of being gay. Having played gay characters several times in his career, McCormack did not	not	PART	have	VERB	 have
We were just two completely incompatible people. " She appeared in five films that year, beginning with the drama From Hell to Heaven and continuing with Supernatural, her only horror vehicle. After a small role in The Eagle and the Hawk, a war film starring	starring	VERB	Fredric	PROPN	 Fredric
When repairs were complete, Barlow turned his ships towards nearby Gibraltar, but in the face of a westerly breeze progress was slow and after fours days he abandoned the attempt and turned back to Minorca, concerned for the state of the wounded men and the large number	number	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
It was originally set up to be a normal convention with 157 delegates in a non election year, but because of mounting antagonism between a traditionalist and a libertarian faction, it became clear some months before the conventions that personal positions could be at stake. The party	party	NOUN	leader	NOUN	 leader
It's our moment to try all the things I wanted to and couldn't, so I started messing with it in Protools. Terry wrote some riffs and turned it into this awesome metal epic. " According to the sheet music published by Alfred Publishing on musicnotes.com	musicnotes.com	X	,	PUNCT	,
By retort orientation: " Ex situ " technologies are sometimes classified as vertical or horizontal. Vertical retorts are usually shaft kilns where a bed of shale moves from top to bottom by gravity. Horizontal retorts are usually horizontal rotating drums or screws where shale moves from one	one	NUM	end	NOUN	 end
Besides the advent of swifter communication among Italian polities, his extensive building of roads throughout Italy also allowed Rome's armies to march swiftly and at an unprecedented pace across the country. In the year 6 Augustus established the aerarium militare, donating 170 million sesterces to the	the	DET	new	ADJ	 new
Even some academic research was carried out (for example, by Władysław Tatarkiewicz, a leading Polish philosopher, and Zenon Klemensiewicz, a linguist). Nearly 1,000 Polish scientists received funds from the Underground State, enabling them to continue their research. The German attitude to	to	ADP	underground	ADJ	 underground
Fields of fire had been cleared, perimeters set and patrolling had been maintained. Nevertheless, the Australians had also failed to seize opportunities as they arose, for after the battle they did not follow up their success immediately. After the failure of the final assault,	,	PUNCT	the	DET	 the
He began to learn to play the piano, becoming interested in it after hearing piano music coming from a classroom he passed by daily with his mother. He was also interested in Electone music, but was discouraged from learning it by a piano teacher. By the	the	DET	time	NOUN	 time
Neither is such rank specified in any authentic Tenjin Shin ' yō ryū archival documents. While under Iso's tutelage, Kanō witnessed a demonstration by the Yōshin ryū jūjutsu teacher Totsuka Hikosuke and later took part in randori with members of Totsuka's school. Kanō was impressed	impressed	VERB	by	ADP	 by
This chamber is where the eggs are brooded, development being direct in most cases. The abdomen has six segments, the first five of which bear pleopods, although these may be absent or vestigial in females. The fourth pleopod is longer than the others in males	males	NOUN	and	CCONJ	 and
It is the prototype GG1 and was originally numbered 4899. Built by General Electric in 1934, the locomotive competed against a prototype, the R1, built by rival company Westinghouse. 4800 was kept in service by the Pennsylvania Railroad and its successors, Penn Central and	and	CCONJ	Conrail	PROPN	 Conrail
In early 2009, Milian began working with The Dream, Tricky Stewart, and L.O.S. Da Maestro, which led to her signing a deal with Radio Killa Records. Milian revealed that aside from " Us Against the World ", The Dream and Tricky Stewart would be	be	AUX	producing	VERB	 producing
" Saint Maur swiftly corrected him, albeit " admiring his spirit ". The family took up residence at the Palazzo Borghese in Rome. Pauline, being " family minded ", welcomed her brother Lucien, who had been living in exile at the Villa Rufinella in	in	ADP	Frascati	PROPN	 Frascati
This cumbersome arrangement contributed to his slowness in attacking and crossing what is now called " Burnside's Bridge " on the southern flank of the Union line. Burnside did not perform an adequate reconnaissance of the area, and instead of taking advantage of several easy fording sites	sites	NOUN	out	ADP	 out
Debating the 1854 Kansas – Nebraska Act, he explained, " The right to establish [slavery in a territory by government sanction] involves the correlative right to prohibit; and, denying both, I would vote for neither. " Davis notes that Breckinridge's December	December	PROPN	21	NUM	 21
Smith graduated from Deptford Township High School in 1964 and went to work in a factory. She gave birth to her first child, a daughter, on April 26, 1967, and chose to place her for adoption. In 1967, she left Glassboro State College	College	PROPN	(	PUNCT	 (
This strength of design ensures that a Shakespeare play can survive translation, cutting and wide interpretation without loss to its core drama. As Shakespeare's mastery grew, he gave his characters clearer and more varied motivations and distinctive patterns of speech. He preserved aspects of his	his	PRON	earlier	ADJ	 earlier
The bell is dated 1647. Internally, the south range includes three 16th- or early 17th century stone fireplaces that have probably been reused from the earlier house. The north room of the attic floor and principal room on the first floor include 16th- or early 17th century	century	NOUN	timber	NOUN	 timber
Debuting at No. 1 on the ARIA Albums Chart – their fourth to do so consecutively – it broke the Australian digital sales record with over 3000 copies sold online. Generally reviewers did not rate it as highly as its predecessor, Vulture Street, with Cameron Adams	Adams	PROPN	of	ADP	 of
In 31 games with the Giants, he had a 2 – 0 record, a 3.74 ERA, 44 strikeouts, and 27 walks in 33 2 ⁄ 3 innings. In 19 games with Fresno, he had a 3 – 2 record, a 3.18 ERA,	,	PUNCT	28	NUM	 28
She progressed to the 19 August second round and was placed in Heat 1, which included Jamaica's Veronica Campbell and the Bahamas ' Debbie Ferguson. Mothersill ranked fourth of eight, earning a time of 22.83 seconds. She fell behind Ferguson by 0.06 seconds, and	and	CCONJ	placed	VERB	 placed
Armor plates were provided in front and behind the pilot's seat and for the oil cooler. The first XFR 1 made its first flight on 25 June 1944 without its jet engine, but that was installed shortly afterward. The second prototype first flew on 20 September	September	PROPN	1944	NUM	 1944
The AT & T release occurred on the 26th of that month. A special " Team Canada " edition of the Bold 9700 was also given to Future Shop employees once they reached a certain number of sales. The smartphone considerably reduces its predecessor's sizes, measuring	measuring	VERB	4.3	NUM	 4.3
The ARBiH 502nd Mountain Brigade also moved north, flanking the APWB capital of Velika Kladuša from the west, and capturing the town by the end of the day. The TG2 advanced to Petrinja at about 7 a.m. after a heavy artillery preparation. The 12th Home Guard	Guard	PROPN	Regiment	PROPN	 Regiment
The music for its 2001 sequel Parasite Eve II was composed by Naoshi Mizuta and arranged by Hiroshi Nakajima. The 2010 spin off title The 3rd Birthday was composed for by Shimomura, Mitsuto Suzuki and Tsuyoshi Sekito. Shimomura's work was described by herself as experimental,	,	PUNCT	and	CCONJ	 and
The particles that make ice nuclei are very rare compared to nuclei upon which liquid cloud droplets form; however, it is not understood what makes them efficient. Clays, desert dust and biological particles may be effective, although to what extent is unclear. Artificial nuclei	nuclei	NOUN	include	VERB	 include
The song was co written by Swift and Liz Rose and produced by Nathan Chapman with Swift's aid. It was released on April 18, 2009, by Big Machine Records as the third single from Swift's second studio album, Fearless (2008). Swift	Swift	PROPN	was	AUX	 was
He explained: " She asked Kathleen Battle and Public Enemy's Chuck D to contribute — an opera diva and a hardcore rapper, two artists one would not associate with Janet — and somehow pulled if off. Beyond Jam and Lewis, there's now a recognizable	recognizable	ADJ	Janet	PROPN	 Janet
The design of the photographer was based on American portrait photographer Annie Leibovitz. The song that plays during the photographing scenes is " I'm Too Sexy " by English pop trio Right Said Fred. During the rules and regulations announcement, Comic Book Guy declares that sexual	sexual	ADJ	intercourse	NOUN	 intercourse
At the start of the competition, Somerset played with aggressive batting tactics, opening the innings with Kieswetter and Trescothick for the first six matches. This opening pair only passed 20 runs together on one occasion, against Glamorgan, and for the rest of the tournament,	,	PUNCT	Kieswetter	PROPN	 Kieswetter
It portrays Jinnah (played by Alyque Padamsee) in an unflattering light, who seems to act out of jealousy of Gandhi. Padamsee later stated that his portrayal was not historically accurate. In a journal article on Pakistan's first governor general, historian R. J. Moore	Moore	PROPN	wrote	VERB	 wrote
Bede also says that the Sussex area had been experiencing a drought for three years before Wilfrid's arrival, but miraculously when Wilfrid arrived, and started baptising converts, rain began to fall. Wilfrid worked with Bishop Erkenwald of London, helping to set up the church	church	NOUN	in	ADP	 in
One of the islands is based on the United States, and has geographical replications of famous landmarks including the Statue of Liberty and Mount Rushmore and major cities such as Los Angeles, Chicago, and New York City. Representations of Nintendo characters and many other interesting quirks	quirks	NOUN	can	AUX	 can
Neil Drumming of Entertainment Weekly found Beyoncé's singing " not quite convincingly a naughty girl ". This was echoed by Kelefa Sanneh of The New York Times who said it was fun to hear Beyoncé mimicking " the pizzicato line " in " Naughty Girl ", and	and	CCONJ	that	SCONJ	 that
During this early period, the Junta worked united against the royalist threats. Mariano Moreno, the secretary of war, drafted the decrees and regulations to deal with royalists. First, a decree ordered punishment for anyone attempting to generate disputes, and for those concealing conspiracies	conspiracies	NOUN	against	ADP	 against
In 2012, The New York Times reported that " the income gap in Manhattan, already wider than almost anywhere else in the country, rivaled disparities in sub Saharan Africa.... The wealthiest fifth of Manhattanites made more than 40 times what the lowest fifth reported, a	a	DET	widening	VERB	 widening
Of those aged 16 – 74, 37.0% had no academic qualifications, similar to that of 35.2% in all of Tameside but significantly higher than the 28.9% in all of England, and 11.9% had an educational qualification such as first degree, higher degree	degree	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
According to Thompson, " Many parents think that stores won ’ t sell an M rated game to someone under 17. We know that's not true, and, in fact, kids roughly 50 percent of that time, all the studies show, are able	able	ADJ	to	PART	 to
In 2012, Nickelodeon teamed up again with SimEx Iwerks Entertainment and Super 78 to produce SpongeBob SquarePants 4 D: The Great Jelly Rescue. The attraction opened in early 2013 at the Mystic Aquarium & Institute for Exploration. The attraction was also released at the Nickelodeon Suites	Suites	PROPN	Resort	PROPN	 Resort
The Arab Israeli conflict significantly impacted the quarter's politically uninvolved Armenian population. A 1992 article published by the Catholic Near East Welfare Association stated that " Armenians in Jerusalem try to maintain good relations with Arabs and Israelis, but they do not deny that their community has	has	AUX	been	AUX	 been
He was also active in local politics. When a group of Islamic organisations formed the Indonesian Islamic Assembly in 1937, Fakih became treasurer. He continued to be involved in politics and Islamic groups during the Japanese occupation and ensuing national revolution. While serving as minister of	of	ADP	religious	ADJ	 religious
From April 2011 all private ambulance services in the UK must be Care Quality Commission (CQC) registered. Private services in Canada operate non emergency patient transfers or for private functions only. Combined Emergency Service – these are full service emergency service agencies, which may be	be	AUX	found	VERB	 found
On July 30, 2014, Bosh re signed with the Heat after LeBron James announced he was leaving Miami to sign with the Cleveland Cavaliers. After averaging 21.6 points, 8.2 rebounds, 2.1 assists and 1.1 steals over the first 23 games of the 2014 – 15	15	NUM	season	NOUN	 season
McBride had been called in 1950 to testify before the Kefauver Committee, a congressional body investigating organized crime, which partly exposed his ties to mafia figures but did not result in any charges. While McBride never said so, the Kefauver hearings and the growing public association	association	NOUN	between	ADP	 between
In 1816 the Kingdom of Illyria — an Austrian crown land — was carved out of the former French possession. The territory originally included Carinthia, Carniola, Gorizia and Gradisca, Trieste, Istria, Rijeka, and Civil Croatia south of the Sava River, corresponding to	to	ADP	present	ADJ	 present
All lyrics written by Robert Smith, all music composed by Smith, Simon Gallup, Roger O'Donnell, Porl Thompson, Boris Williams, and (officially, in credits) Lol Tolhurst. Original cd and cassette copies of Disintegration listed " Last Dance " and " Homesick	Homesick	PROPN	"	PUNCT	 "
In 2014, the center's reconstructed building design earned Scott Edwards Architecture an Award of Merit (also known as the Building Industry Community Spirit award) at the Gold Nugget Awards, which recognize " design excellence of U.S. and international projects submitted by builders, developers,	,	PUNCT	architects	NOUN	 architects
Abi later discovers that Max used Ben to sign over part of Phil's businesses to him. In February 2015, Abi is accused by Max of killing Lucy. Abi did not kill Lucy, but it is revealed that on the night Lucy died, Abi had	had	VERB	a	DET	 a
She's having a rest, we'll be going on soon. There's no hurry you see, we have all the time in the world..... " Bond starts to cry, and cradle Tracy's body. George Lazenby as James Bond – MI6 agent,	,	PUNCT	codename	PROPN	 codename
Keamy is introduced in the fifth episode of the fourth season as a crew member aboard the freighter called the Kahana that is offshore the island where most of Lost takes place. In the second half of the season, Keamy served as the primary antagonist. He is	is	AUX	the	DET	 the
In contrast with 1999's Guerrilla, which featured songs with " self consciously disposable, happy " lyrics, the tracks on Rings Around the World are, according to Rhys, " broodier and more revealing ". The track " No Sympathy " was originally written for	for	ADP	a	DET	 a
Instrumentation of the song was provided for by multiple musicians: Shkreli was appointed head of sound design, and was also a drum programmer along with Freesh and Trent Mazour. The guitarist enlisted for the song was Mazour, while Freesh served as the bassist. The pair	pair	NOUN	also	ADV	 also
Ainsworth aided the reinstitution by himself donating two flitches for the first of the revived ceremonies in 1855. They have been held ever since in one form or another except for a gap caused by the World Wars. The first ceremony after World War II was held in	in	ADP	1949	NUM	 1949
" " Suga Mama " is a moderate R & B and soul song that displays influences of the 1960s as well as 1970s funk and rock music. It also song contains limited elements of the 1980s go go and sounds more closely resembling live music than Knowles '	'	PART	previous	ADJ	 previous
In Montenegrin Littoral, each should be adorned with leaved bay laurel, olive, juniper, and rosemary twigs, which are tied to the trunk's top, middle, and base with ivy or red silken or woolen threads. In parts of eastern Serbia and Kosovo	Kosovo	PROPN	the	DET	 the
All federal and state highways in Texas are paved. Texas has 730 airports, second most of any state in the nation. Largest in Texas by size and passengers served, Dallas / Fort Worth International Airport (DFW) is the second largest by area in the	the	DET	United	PROPN	 United
He was consecrated on 20 December 1153, by Pope Anastasius IV. Hugh was enthroned, or ceremonially installed as bishop in his cathedral, at Durham on 2 May 1154. King Stephen granted to Puiset as bishop of Durham, the mineral rights at Weardale, which	which	PRON	included	VERB	 included
Näslund scored a goal in the deciding game to help the Canucks advance. Against the Minnesota Wild in the next round, the Canucks were eliminated by relinquishing a three to one series lead of their own. Näslund finished the playoffs with a career high 14 points in	in	ADP	14	NUM	 14
The oldest star yet discovered, HD 140283, nicknamed Methuselah star, is an estimated 14.46 ± 0.8 billion years old. (Due to the uncertainty in the value, this age for the star does not conflict with the age of the Universe, determined by the	the	DET	Planck	PROPN	 Planck
The very next pitch, Revere struck out swinging. He attacked a garbage can with his bat in frustration in the dugout, and the Blue Jays would end up losing the game 3 4, eliminating them from further postseason contention. In 11 postseason games, Revere	Revere	VERB	batted.256	ADJ	 batted.256
McMillan became an assistant Professor in 1936, and an associate Professor in 1941. With Samuel Ruben, he also discovered the isotope beryllium 10 in 1940. This was both interesting and difficult to isolate due to its extraordinarily long half life, about 1.39 million years.	.	PUNCT	Following	VERB	 Following
From each team's point of view, the one nearest its own goal is its defensive area, then the midfield area, followed by the attack or offensive area. These trisecting lines are called " restraining lines. " A right angle line is marked 10 yards	yards	NOUN	(	PUNCT	 (
There's no sense of the elbow in rib, tongue in cheek aesthetic that so permeates the rest of American culture – including kids ' shows like the Rugrats. I think what's subversive about it is it's so incredibly naive – deliberately. Because there's	's	VERB	nothing	PRON	 nothing
When the governor reluctantly did so, he said that " the propaganda in [Mooney's] behalf following the plan outlined by Berkman has been so effective as to become world wide. " Billings and Mooney both were pardoned in 1939. In 1917 the U.S. entered	entered	VERB	World	PROPN	 World
By running over these coins, a kart collects them and increases its top speed. Having coins also helps players when their kart is hit by another: instead of spinning and losing control, they lose a coin. Coins are also lost when karts are struck by	by	ADP	power	NOUN	 power
Imperator Aleksandr II served in the Baltic Fleet and represented Russia, along with the cruiser Rurik, at the opening of the Kiel Canal in June 1895. She ran aground in Vyborg Bay later that year, but suffered little damage. Joining the Mediterranean Squadron in August	August	PROPN	1896	NUM	 1896
Narayan became frustrated with his supporting role for vocalists and moved to Mumbai in 1949 to work independently in film music and recording. He recorded three solo 78 rpm gramophone records for the British HMV Group in 1950 and an early ten inch LP album in Mumbai in 1951	1951	NUM	,	PUNCT	,
On May 20, 2015 it was announced that two of the three ownership partners of MLSE, Bell Canada and Tanenbaum's Kilmer Group, had acquired ownership of the Argos, with the deal to close at the end of the year, and would move the team	team	NOUN	to	ADP	 to
The Budolfi Church and the old town hall line Gammeltorv, the old market square. The main shopping streets are Algade and Bispengade, the latter lying inbetween the modern Vesterbro thoroughfare and Nytorv square. Østerågade, once the old harbor, is noted for its merchants '	'	PART	mansions	NOUN	 mansions
Mary Shelley's last years were blighted by illness. From 1839, she suffered from headaches and bouts of paralysis in parts of her body, which sometimes prevented her from reading and writing. On 1 February 1851, at Chester Square, she died at the age	age	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
In 2011, Murray became only the seventh player in the Open Era to reach the semifinals of all four Grand Slam tournaments in one year. After reaching the final of the 2016 French Open, Murray became the tenth player in the Open Era to reach the final	final	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
It was directed by Beth McCarthy Miller, and co written by series creator Tina Fey and co showrunner and executive producer Robert Carlock. The episode originally aired live on the NBC television network in the United States on October 14, 2010, with separate tapings for the	the	DET	East	PROPN	 East
Significant releases from the dam have drawn opposition from people such as Oklahoma State Representative Doug Cox. He argues that the large releases effect the state's economy as an off road recreational rock park is flooded downstream. Inconsistent releases are blamed for the overall problem and a	a	DET	better	ADJ	 better
Except where prefixed with a letter, postmiles were measured on the road as it was in 1964, based on the alignment that existed at the time, and do not necessarily reflect current mileage. R reflects a realignment in the route since then, M indicates a	a	DET	second	ADJ	 second
The song Life Story by the band Crash Anthem was used as the official theme for the show. Destination X featured eight professional wrestling matches and one match prior to the event that involved different wrestlers from pre existing scripted feuds and storylines. Wrestlers portrayed villains, heroes	heroes	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
Hassett (139) and Bradman (128) then put on 231, Bradman making his sixth century of the tour. However, the Australians lost wickets steadily thereafter to be all out for 389. Surrey made 289 in their second innings, with McCool taking 6	6	NUM	/	SYM	 /
The city has two official slogans or mottos: " The City of Flowers ", meant to encourage the planting of flowers to beautify the city, and " The City of Goodwill ", adopted prior to the 1990 Goodwill Games. Seattle residents are known as Seattleites	Seattleites	PROPN	.	PUNCT	.
The subspecies Mycobacterium tuberculosis, though, is rarely present in wild animals. An effort to eradicate bovine tuberculosis caused by Mycobacterium bovis from the cattle and deer herds of New Zealand has been relatively successful. Efforts in Great Britain have been less successful. As of 2015	2015	NUM	,	PUNCT	,
His appointment ended in May 1835 when President Antonio López de Santa Anna abolished the Coahuila y Tejas government and ordered the arrest of all Texans (including Bowie) doing business in Monclova. Bowie was forced to flee Monclova and return to the Anglo areas of Texas.	.	PUNCT	The	DET	 The
" Rob Babcock was named General Manager on June 7, 2004, alongside the appointments of Wayne Embry as senior advisor and Alex English as director of player development. Sam Mitchell, a former NBA forward and assistant coach of the Milwaukee Bucks was hired as new head	head	NOUN	coach	NOUN	 coach
Eventually, the bad press leads the authorities to brand him an outlaw. Ironically, Peter finally lands a job as a photographer for Jameson's Daily Bugle. The mid 1960s stories reflected the political tensions of the time, as early 1960s Marvel stories had often dealt	dealt	VERB	with	ADP	 with
They sold the hotel in 1977. Pope Hennessy stayed in Banagher from March 1970 to April 1971 and largely completed his study of Trollope during this time. The finished biography, Anthony Trollope, won the Whitbread Award for Biography in 1972 and is largely regarded as Pope	Pope	PROPN	Hennessy	PROPN	 Hennessy
The party regards the family to be a natural, necessary and basic element in a free society. It regards the family to be a carrier of traditions and culture, and to have a role in raising and caring for children. The party also wants all children	children	NOUN	to	PART	 to
These 5 " / 40 caliber guns could fire between 8 and 14 rounds per minute, with a barrel life of 800 to 1,500 rounds. The 5 " / 40 had the widest variety of shot types of Haruna's guns, being designed to fire antiaircraft,	,	PUNCT	antiship	NOUN	 antiship
From 1993 to 2000 he was acting Hon. Consul of Mozambique in United States, and Consul from 2000 to 2006. Presently he heads the Barony of Fulwood Foundation and The Brazilian Art Exchange Foundation, The Florida Bureau of Mediation, Breeze Broadcast Group, and Camax	Camax	PROPN	Communication	PROPN	 Communication
The " chrome bumper " NAIT 2 was designed to be factory modified to work as a preamp only unit. The upgrade path is assured by partnering with Naim's own stereo power amplifiers – in particular, the NAP 90 and NAP 140, both of whose in	in	ADP	built	VERB	 built
Sullivan also conducted the 1889 benefit for Barrington. At the Nellie Farren benefit, many of the performers listed below sat in the jury or the gallery, and Trial by Jury was followed by a six hour long concert. Performances were given by Henry Irving, Ellaline	Ellaline	PROPN	Terriss	PROPN	 Terriss
However, a unique feature to this game is the addition of a second series of scenarios after the player has completed the main story that focuses more on the individual characters themselves. Animated sequences also accompany certain story segments. The game features a variation of the series	series	NOUN	'	PART	 '
The Centre for the Living Arts is an organization that operates the historic Saenger Theatre and Space 301, a contemporary art gallery. The Saenger Theatre opened in 1927 as a movie palace. Today it is a performing arts center and serves as a small concert venue for	for	ADP	the	DET	 the
By 2007, Hsu's status within Hillary Rodham Clinton's 2008 presidential campaign had risen to the level where he was a " HillRaiser ", someone who had " bundled " more than $100,000 for her campaign, and to where he co hosted a $1	1	NUM	million	NUM	 million
The Morning Call's Len Righi criticized " Bizounce " for being indicative of a negative trend in R & B music, where " the plaintive human voice in the throes of transcendent ecstasy or bottomless hurt is not nearly as important as the right attitude, hip hop	hop	NOUN	production	NOUN	 production
The flashlight has dual " True Tone " flashes, consisting of an amber LED and a white LED, which are variably used based on the color temperature of the photo to improve color balancing. The camera also includes automatic image stabilization, dynamic tone mapping, 10	10	NUM	fps	NOUN	 fps
The mine extracted iron ore, silver, gold, copper sulfide ore, and pyrite from a rock formation dating to approximately 780,000 years ago. The potential of a mine at the site was discovered in 1860, when two men, surveyor William Magee and settler Charles	Charles	PROPN	Camden	PROPN	 Camden
The estimate of 101 enemy dead officially provided by the U.S. military was likely much inflated to emphasize the scale of the ' American victory '. For retired U.S. Army Brigadier General James E. Shelton, who was then a major and served as an Operations Officer with the	the	DET	2nd	PROPN	 2nd
In Maine, the high rainfall caused widespread flooding, while the high winds destroyed at least 90 houses. The hurricane quickly weakened over land, and after turning northeastward into Atlantic Canada dissipated on October 5 near the Gulf of St. Lawrence. The hurricane was referred as	as	ADP	Saxby	PROPN	 Saxby
The price they paid per gram varied from A $16 to $320. Europol noted they became aware of it in 2008, after it was found in Denmark, Finland and the UK. The Drug Enforcement Administration noted it was present in the United States in	in	ADP	July	PROPN	 July
He turned his attention to land law, arguably the most well developed and complex parts of the common law, and sought to reform it to further his aims. This was well aimed, since it was uses that were destroying his income; the royal revenue was	was	AUX	traditionally	ADV	 traditionally
The detective obtained a 64 page confession from Orchard in which the suspect took responsibility for a string of crimes and at least seventeen murders. Writer Peter Carlson charged that McParland then used perjured extradition papers, which falsely stated that WFM leaders had been at the scene of	of	ADP	the	DET	 the
Broughton formally claimed the river, its drainage basin, and the nearby coast for Britain. In contrast, Gray had not made any formal claims on behalf of the United States. Because the Columbia was at the same latitude as the headwaters of the Missouri River,	,	PUNCT	there	PRON	 there
" Cooties ", a solo for Amber in the stage musical, is present in this film as an instrumental during the Miss Teenage Hairspray dance off. As with " Mama, I'm a Big Girl Now ", a version of " Cooties ", performed	performed	VERB	in	ADP	 in
However, many have noted Christian allegories apparent in Deathly Hallows. For example, Harry dies and then comes back to life to save mankind, like Christ. The location where this occurs is King's Cross. Harry also urges Voldemort to show remorse, to restore	restore	VERB	his	PRON	 his
Banners hanging from the towers show the college motto of " Juncta Juvant. " The creation of the seal is unknown, with the first known use occurring during the 1902 centennial celebration of Jefferson College's founding. The seal is used in official documents, including diplomas	diplomas	NOUN	and	CCONJ	 and
His father was a solicitor with " somewhat seedy clients ", and the family were repeatedly bankrupted. Despite financial difficulties, there was enough money in the family to send Hastings to a private preparatory school in 1890 and to Charterhouse School in 1894. Hastings disliked school	school	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
The White Stockings met the St. Louis Browns following the season and agreed to play a best of seven " World Series " for the second consecutive year. The Browns won the series, four games to two, and Williamson's statistics for the series did not improve	improve	VERB	.	PUNCT	.
In their free time, Oakley and Weinstein wrote for local comedy groups, such as Gross National Product. In 1989, they moved to New York City after being hired to write for a game show on Ha!, before writing for a variety show on the	the	DET	network	NOUN	 network
As Route 12 climbs into the Hunterdon Plateau, it heads through a mix of woods and farms with intermittent residences, narrowing to one lane in each direction at the top of the plateau before crossing CR 519 in Baptistown. Route 12 continues southeast through rural areas,	,	PUNCT	crossing	VERB	 crossing
The following day, on August 6, 1945, the Enola Gay, a Boeing B 29 Superfortress bomber, drops an atomic bomb on Hiroshima. After the mission, Nixon returns home to break the news of her husband's death to Cochran's wife. The	The	DET	idea	NOUN	 idea
He made his second debut for Cambridge in a 1 – 0 defeat at Forest Green Rovers, and scored in the following two games against both Hereford United and Accrington Stanley respectively. He also scored in the club's 3 – 0 win in the Football League Trophy	Trophy	PROPN	against	ADP	 against
He stated that the tribe intended to ask the Confederacy for hostages, ostensibly in return for cooperation, but really to hand over to Muhammad. Thus the Confederacy should not give a single man as hostage. Nuaym repeated the same message to other tribes in the Confederacy	Confederacy	PROPN	.	PUNCT	.
One of his anthologies, Readings in American Poetry for the Use of Schools, was created specifically for that purpose. His knowledge in American poetry was emphasized by his claim that he had read every American poem published before 1850 — an estimated 500 volumes. " He	He	PRON	has	VERB	 has
He later said that David appeared obsessed and shared the similar dynamic he had with previous girlfriend Tina McIntyre (Michelle Keegan). He concluded: " I think he's keener on her than she is on him. " David fools Kylie into believing he owns a	a	DET	salon	NOUN	 salon
Mike Wass for Idolator praised Aguilera for having fun on the song and not letting her " I'm back, bitches! agenda " take over. Wass continued to write that " Red Hot Kinda Love " is Lotus ' answer to her Back to Basics (2006	2006	NUM	)	PUNCT	)
Each half line had exactly six syllables, and each line ended in a trochee. The arrangement of dróttkvætts followed far less rigid rules than the construction of the individual dróttkvætts. Even before the advent of printing, the visual appearance of poetry often added meaning or depth	depth	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
The National Socialist German Workers ' Party (NSDAP; Nazi Party) was one of several far right political parties active in Germany at the time. The party platform included removal of the Weimar Republic, rejection of the terms of the Treaty of Versailles, radical antisemitism	antisemitism	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
Haber visited Holmes in Herbertshöhe on 15 September, signing terms two days later. All military resistance subsequently ceased and the remaining 40 German soldiers and 110 Melanesians surrendered on 21 September, leaving no effective opposition to the Australian occupation of the territory. The German colony at	at	ADP	Madang	PROPN	 Madang
During the Great Depression, the Works Progress Administration chose to make Clark State Forest a training center for the Civilian Conservation Corps, and also made it Indiana's largest CCC cantonment in November 1933. They created artificial lakes within Clark State Forest, and built many bridges	bridges	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
However, the end of gladiatorial games in the Empire may have been more the result of the difficulty and expense that came with procuring gladiators to fight in the games, than the influence of Christianity in Byzantium. The Olympic Games were eventually ended by Emperor Theodosius I	I	PRON	(	PUNCT	 (
The Left Hand of Darkness is set in the fictional Hainish universe, which Le Guin introduced in her first novel Rocannon's World, published in 1966. In this alternative history, human beings did not evolve on earth, but on Hain. The people of Hain	Hain	PROPN	colonized	VERB	 colonized
Falco continued, " The audience knows what Gothel wants with Rapunzel, but the fact that we are unable to protect the naïve princess results in further hatred for the witch. " Falco also concluded that Gothel's " sinister reprise at the end of Tangled allows for	for	SCONJ	these	DET	 these
It took place in Baku, Azerbaijan, following Ell & Nikki's win at the 2011 contest in Düsseldorf, Germany with the song " Running Scared " — marking the first time that the country had won the contest. The contest was held at the newly constructed	constructed	VERB	Baku	PROPN	 Baku
Meyer Landrut grew fond of singing and appeared as an extra in a number of German television series; however she never received any formal acting or vocal training. In June 2010 she graduated from IGS Roderbruch Hannover, a comprehensive school, receiving her Abitur diploma. Meyer	Meyer	PROPN	Landrut	PROPN	 Landrut
The episode was written by Jeff Martin and directed by Wes Archer. Characters making their first appearance on the show in the episode are Comic Book Guy, Mrs. Glick, Radioactive Man, Fallout Boy, and Bartman. Although many suggestions state that Comic Book Guy was	was	AUX	inspired	VERB	 inspired
The fulfillment of these obligations is referred to as the " improvement " of one's baptism. Reformed Christians see baptism as a replacement of circumcision in the Old Testament. Baptism does everything for New Testament Christians that circumcision did for Jews in the Old Testament. Circumcision	Circumcision	NOUN	is	AUX	 is
He then recorded a few demos with Erdal Kızılçay before working on the album with the full band. For the first time since his Scary Monsters album, Bowie played instruments on the record in addition to singing. For some tracks on the album, Bowie played keyboards	keyboards	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
The Karanga speaking Shona people are found around Great Zimbabwe in the modern day province of Masvingo. Archaeologist Peter Garlake claims that " Zimbabwe " is a contracted form of dzimba hwe which means " venerated houses " in the Zezuru dialect of Shona, and is usually applied	applied	VERB	to	ADP	 to
He missed the game against England after suffering his third serious head knock against Ireland. Despite his injury concerns, McCaw was shortlisted for the 2005 IRB International Player of the Year, which was won by All Black team mate Dan Carter. McCaw led the Crusaders to	to	ADP	the	DET	 the
The Reverend Thomas Weld wrote, " The Lord heard our groans to heaven, and freed us from our great and sore affliction... I never heard that the Indians in those parts did ever before this commit the like outrage upon any one family or families; and	and	CCONJ	therefore	ADV	 therefore
Toshack ended with 5 / 40 from 20.1 overs with Miller unable to bowl due to injury. During the second innings performance, Toshack employed two short legs and a silly mid off. Arlott said that while Toshack had the best figures, Lindwall was the pivotal figure	figure	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
The elongated church (51.4081° N 3.4878° W ﻿ / 51.4081; -3.4878), a conglomeration of distinct buildings, is divided into two areas by a wall, a 13th century monastery church, and the Norman parish church. The eastern section contains interesting medieval	medieval	ADJ	wall	NOUN	 wall
Though Henriette refuses her drink, Maloin buys her an expensive mink stole. They return home to the consternation of Camélia, who can not comprehend why Maloin has ruined Henriette's chances of a job and spent what little savings the family had on the extravagant stole.	.	PUNCT	During	ADP	 During
Designed by comic book artist and toy designer Todd McFarlane through a collaboration with Namco, the character first appeared in console ports of Soulcalibur II and later as part of an action figure set created by McFarlane Productions. Though designed and named by McFarlane, Necrid's concept	concept	NOUN	and	CCONJ	 and
This victory was one of the contributing factors to her getting a call up to the junior national team. In 2008, she represented New South Wales as a member of the U20 team at the national championships. Her team took home gold after a 9 – 6	6	NUM	victory	NOUN	 victory
Palace kept their place, changed the kit back to white shirts and black shorts, and finished seventh the following season. They followed this up with another bottom place and re election in 1951, with the unwanted record of scoring the lowest number of goals in a	a	DET	Division	PROPN	 Division
From February 19 to 28, at least one event final was held each day. † The numeral indicates the number of event finals for each sport held that day. The lack of facilities prior to the Olympics gave organizers freedom to tailor the layout of the venues	venues	NOUN	to	PART	 to
Doom Kounty Electric Chair gave the song a " dark rock " feel with their cover, released in 2004. Italian rock band Absinth Effect recorded a cover version of " Frozen " for their debut album in 2009. In May 2013, contestant Olympe sang the song	song	NOUN	on	ADP	 on
The large circulation of the hurricane produced strong winds across the area, including maximum sustained winds of 52 mph (84 km / h) and a gust of 66 mph (106 km / h) in Cambridge. Tidal flooding from the storm surge forced residents to	to	PART	evacuate	VERB	 evacuate
Other neurotransmitters such as acetylcholine and dopamine have multiple sources in the brain, but are not as ubiquitously distributed as glutamate and GABA. As a side effect of the electrochemical processes used by neurons for signaling, brain tissue generates electric fields when it is active. When	When	SCONJ	large	ADJ	 large
The musical elements associated with the Rhinemaidens in this scene have not previously been heard; Holman describes them as alluding to the maidens ' seductive nature, as well as conveying a sense of nostalgia and detachment, as the drama approaches its conclusion. From the first complete	complete	ADJ	production	NOUN	 production
Icebergs are most commonly seen in the waters off Newfoundland in the spring and early summer. Despite their size, the icebergs of Newfoundland move an average of 17 kilometers (11 mi) a day. The average mass of icebergs in the Grand Banks area is between	between	ADP	one	NUM	 one
The California Central had consolidated with the Los Angeles and San Gabriel Valley Railroad in 1887, giving it ROW through the San Gabriel Valley. The Santa Fe finally purchased outright the holdings of the Southern California railroad on January 17, 1906, ending the railway's subsidiary	subsidiary	NOUN	status	NOUN	 status
They purchased their first 8 track recorder at this time, and used it to record two songs later used on the A side of Cream Corn from the Socket of Davis. Reportedly unhappy with life in the band, Malcolm quit in mid 1985. A friend of	of	ADP	the	DET	 the
As the 1982 season got underway, Herzog's newly assembled team won 12 games in a row during the month of April, and finished the season atop the National League East division. Herzog would later say of Smith's contributions that, " If he saved two	two	NUM	runs	NOUN	 runs
The integration of former princely states with other provinces to form new states has also given rise to some issues. The Telangana region, comprising the Telugu speaking districts of the former Hyderabad State, were in many ways different from the Telugu speaking areas of British India with	with	ADP	which	PRON	 which
A separate 2008 study from Western Michigan University found that hybrids and conventional vehicles are equally safe when travelling more than about 20 miles per hour (32 km / h), because tire and wind noise generate most of the audible cues at those speeds. Hybrid cars	cars	NOUN	were	AUX	 were
By 1100, the civilian population within the city walls was 1,050,000; the army stationed there brought the total to 1.4 million. Hangzhou, the capital during the Southern Song (1127 – 1279), had more than 400,000 inhabitants during the late 12th century, primarily	primarily	ADV	due	ADJ	 due
The Rose Bowl included Roy Riegels ' wrong way run. On October 12, 1929, Yale lost to Georgia in Sanford Stadium in its first trip to the south. Wade's Alabama again won a national championship and Rose Bowl in 1930. In the early 1930s	1930s	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
After, he hikes up a hill and rests at a burned stump. While smoking a cigarette, he discovers an ash blackened grasshopper crawling on his sock, and detaches it. His first spoken words in the story are " Go on, hopper.... Fly away	away	ADV	somewhere	ADV	 somewhere
The main antagonist of the game is Uka Uka, the evil twin brother of Aku Aku. Uka Uka was previously locked away by Aku Aku to protect the world from his villainy, but has been freed because of the bumblings of Doctor Neo Cortex, the antagonist	antagonist	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
The French Navy entered talks regarding the purchase of second hand F / A 18s with Australia, Canada and the US, after the decision was made not to upgrade the Crusaders. The US Navy agreed to supply two F / A 18s to the French Navy for	for	ADP	"	PUNCT	 "
Successful over a wide range of climate and soil conditions, it has since become popular and widely planted. Several cultivars have been developed, differing primarily in leaf shape and overall height; ' Blue Spire ' is the most common. This variation has been widely used	used	VERB	in	ADP	 in
Midford. Sealed proposals reqd. on embanking & excavation with the masonry; or each separately – send to sub committee, Waldegrave Arms, Radstock 20 Jul Plans & specs. on appl. " For further Newspaper articles see here: - s: Bath Georgian Newspaper	Newspaper	PROPN	-	PUNCT	 -
As a result of this episode, many of the Oliviers ' friends learned of her problems. David Niven said she had been " quite, quite mad ". Noël Coward expressed surprise in his diary that " things had been bad and getting worse since 1948 or	or	CCONJ	thereabouts	VERB	 thereabouts
" Her mother Janis published Loving Amy: A Mother's Story, in 2014. Winehouse is the subject of Amy (2015), a documentary directed by Asif Kapadia and produced by James Gay Rees, Kapadia, and Universal Music. Kapadia and Gay Rees introduced	introduced	VERB	the	DET	 the
Until 1952, many of the Communist countries of Eastern Europe had participated in Worker's Olympics or Spartakiads. The Soviet Union emerged from international isolation by eschewing the Spartakiad and participating in the 1952 Summer Olympics in Helsinki; they made their Winter Olympics debut at the Cortina	Cortina	PROPN	Games	PROPN	 Games
This designation also listed the property in the National Register of Historic Places. A National Historic Landmark is a site deemed to have " exceptional value to the nation. " In the late 1980s, Taliesin and Taliesin West were together nominated as a World Heritage Site,	,	PUNCT	a	DET	 a
Jennifer Aniston, Richard Belzer, Natasha Henstridge, Norman Lear, and Peter Serafinowicz have guest starred as other speaking characters. During South Park's earliest seasons, several high profile celebrities inquired about guest starring on the show. As a joke, Parker and Stone responded	responded	VERB	by	ADP	 by
Heavy rains also accompanied the system, with accumulations exceeding 100 mm (3.9 in) across much of Pilbara, breaking December records at the time; two day accumulations exceeded 200 mm (7.9 in) in some locations. The rainfall was mostly beneficial to the region	region	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
She was laid down at the AG Weser shipyard in 1895, launched in March 1897, and commissioned into the German fleet in February 1899. She was named after Princess Victoria Louise, the daughter of Kaiser Wilhelm II. The ship was armed with a battery of	of	ADP	two	NUM	 two
" You Belong to Me " was Stafford's biggest hit, topping the charts in the United States and the United Kingdom. In the U.K., it was the first song by a female singer to top the chart. The record first appeared on U.S. charts on	on	ADP	August	PROPN	 August
They typically live in compact colonies of many identical individual polyps. The group includes the important reef builders that inhabit tropical oceans and secrete calcium carbonate to form a hard skeleton. A coral " group " is a colony of myriad genetically identical polyps. Each polyp is	is	AUX	a	DET	 a
In the accompanying material of the ILO's Maritime Labour Convention of 2006, the International Labour Organization estimated that at that time there were approximately 1,200,000 working seafarers across the world. This document goes on to say that when working aboard ships flagged to states that do not	not	PART	"	PUNCT	 "
The objective of Project BATON was the analysis of the life history of thunderstorms. A Department of Defense research activity supported by the Advanced Research Project Agency, Project BATON sought to expand understanding of storm physics as an aid to weather forecasting, fire prevention, and,	,	PUNCT	possibly	ADV	 possibly
The offensive was continued northwards, past Seoul, and across the 38th Parallel on 1 October. The momentum of the attack was maintained, and the race to the North Korean capitol, Pyongyang, ended on 19 October when elements of the South Korean 1st Infantry Division	Division	PROPN	and	CCONJ	 and
" Outrageous " was also scrapped as the theme song from Catwoman. A 45 second music video composed of the scenes that were shot was released in the 2004 DVD Greatest Hits: My Prerogative. The video begins with Snoop Dogg and a group of men playing basketball	basketball	NOUN	in	ADP	 in
The supply ships were protected by two task groups — commanded by Rear Admirals Daniel J. Callaghan and Norman Scott — and aircraft from Henderson Field on Guadalcanal. The transport ships were attacked several times on 11 and 12 November near Guadalcanal by Japanese aircraft based at Buin,	,	PUNCT	Bougainville	PROPN	 Bougainville
About six miles (9.7 km) into Huron County, the highway turns to the northeast. Near Bad Axe, Van Dyke Road curves again, turning due east into town where it becomes Huron Street. At downtown, M 53 turns north on Port Crescent Street	Street	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
At bedtime, Granpa tells Emily the story of The Three Knights, of which was imagined on a bed covers. Though as he reads, he begins to slow up as he begins to drop off. So he end it with his own version, just as	as	SCONJ	Emily	PROPN	 Emily
In Australia, Rosebery chose to indulge his habit of solitude, installing his wife in a hotel in Sydney, while he went off alone to tour the outback. Rosebery's frequent absences from his wife fuelled gossip that he was a secret homosexual. It has been	been	AUX	claimed	VERB	 claimed
He went on to score nine times in 23 appearances during the five month loan spell, including two goals in a 4 – 1 FA Cup victory over Barrow that ensured Macclesfield progressed to the third round of the competition. Holroyd returned to Preston in January 2013,	,	PUNCT	and	CCONJ	 and
The brawl may have been provoked by the Beaumonts, for Alan was often associated with them. At a court held at Oxford in June 1139, Stephen required Roger of Salisbury, Alexander of Lincoln, and Nigel to surrender their castles as a consequence of the brawl	brawl	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
The cap is 8 – 20 cm (3.1 – 7.9 in) wide, initially convex but becoming depressed to funnel shaped in maturity. The cap margin is initially rolled inward, then becomes uplifted as the cap expands. The cap surface is sticky to slimy,	,	PUNCT	and	CCONJ	 and
There are connections to other places, via the Transport of Rockland Route 93 and Short Line Bus Routes 17 M and 17MD. However, these are not accessible at the station, but at the nearby State Route 17 (also known as Orange Turnpike). There	There	PRON	is	VERB	 is
Trails in the wilderness pass through dry east side and moist west side forests, offering spectacular views of Mt. Adams and its glaciers, tumbling streams, open alpine forests, parklands, and a variety of wildflowers speckled among lava flows and rimrocks. A Cascades Volcano Pass	Pass	PROPN	from	ADP	 from
At No Mercy, Batista defeated JBL to become number one contender for the World Heavyweight Championship, and Chris Jericho defeated Shawn Michaels to retain the World Heavyweight Championship. On the September 12 episode of SmackDown, a standard wrestling match involving four wrestlers was held between Jeff	Jeff	PROPN	Hardy	PROPN	 Hardy
Discussion was later raised whether " Rainbow Warrior " was a reference to homosexuality or Parsons ' favorite auto racing team. Parsons chose to die by lethal injection, and he shunned attention, describing himself as " Utah's forgotten inmate ". His 1999 execution at Utah	Utah	PROPN	State	PROPN	 State
The study, " Competitiveness of state and local business taxes on new investment, " provides a state by state comparison of tax liabilities. The top five states ranked with the lowest effective tax rate on new investment are: (1) Maine (3.0%)	)	PUNCT	;	PUNCT	;
At the same time she also became a member of another, more extreme far right group, the Northern League. However, she allowed her membership of the National Front to lapse, sending a letter to her local branch stating that although she respected its leader John	John	PROPN	Tyndall	PROPN	 Tyndall
His exile supports the stepson theory, if Rædwald was protecting Eorpwald's succession against a possible claim by a son who was not of the Wuffingas line. Whilst living in Gaul as an exile, Sigeberht was converted and baptized and became a devout Christian and a man	man	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
Traffic studies have attributed congestion in the southbound lanes to the number of lanes merging from Highways 401 and 404 into the parkway and the lane changing that results from merging traffic from Highway 401 clashing with exiting traffic to the nearby York Mills exit. Congestion in the northbound	northbound	PROPN	lanes	NOUN	 lanes
The foundation walls were built on the limestone that creates a canyon along the river valley. Further excavation work showed that the walls stretched to the west, as well from the Old Castle to the bastions of the new one. The support footings for the old castle	castle	ADJ	bridge	NOUN	 bridge
He also served as the president of the KCCA. Hussain was a good seamer with pace who played a lot of club cricket. He made his single first class appearance, during the 1969 – 70 Quaid i Azam Trophy for Kalat against Quetta. Captaining his team	team	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
Four years before this, Mojo placed it 7th in a similar list of the Beatles ' best songs. Among the song's many cover versions, Welsh singer Shirley Bassey recorded a successful version of " Something ". It was released in 1970 as the title track	track	NOUN	to	ADP	 to
Originally used for hunting stags, it is today used for hare and drag hunting. The general appearance of the Beagle is very nice and resembles a miniature Foxhound, but the head is broader and the muzzle shorter, the expression completely different and the legs shorter in	in	ADP	proportion	NOUN	 proportion
Yardley lofted Toshack into the on side and the hands of Johnson at forward square leg to fall for 22 with the score at 6 / 141. Toshack's defensive bowling had caused the English skipper to lose patience and his departure for 22 left the score on 141	141	NUM	/	SYM	 /
The council was presided over by Berhtwald, the new Archbishop of Canterbury, and the decision of the council was that Wilfrid should be deprived of all his monasteries but Ripon, and that he should cease to perform episcopal functions. When Wilfrid continued his appeal to the	the	DET	papacy	NOUN	 papacy
While the Americans held the field of battle, they retreated because of the heavy casualties they suffered, including the mortal wounding of their leader, General Nicholas Herkimer. Warriors from Iroquois nations fought on both sides of the battle, marking the beginning of a civil war	war	NOUN	within	ADP	 within
Fall also included a duet with Freddy Fender, the first duet of Walker's career, on a cover of Fender's debut single " Before the Next Teardrop Falls. " Walker and Fender recorded this duet in early 2006; Fender died of lung cancer in October	October	PROPN	of	ADP	 of
By the end of its first week, the film collected ₹ 350.5 million at the Andhra Pradesh and Nizam regions and ₹ 50 million from other states. The film grossed ₹ 10.8 million in its first weekend and ₹ 14.5 million in its first week with a net	net	ADJ	collection	NOUN	 collection
As a result of these renovations, the height was extended to 135 feet (41 m) high. A plaque affixed to the monument above the entrance reads: " THIS MONUMENT WAS ERECTED UNDER THE PATRONAGE OF THE STATE OF CONNECTICUT, A.D. 1830, AND IN	IN	ADP	THE	DET	 THE
According to Billboard, the tour grossed $22 million from 37 shows, 20 of which sold out. A video album of the concert titled Harajuku Lovers Live was released on DVD on December 4, 2006. " What You Waiting For? " was released as	as	ADP	the	DET	 the
By August Bolívar was in control of Bogotá and its treasury, and gained the support of many in New Granada, which still resented the harsh reconquest carried out under Morillo. Nevertheless, Santander found it necessary to continue the policy of the " war to the death	death	NOUN	"	PUNCT	 "
105 Test matches have been played, with West Indies winning 43 times, England 28 times, and 34 matches being drawn. Brian Lara is the top scorer in the Wisden Trophy series with 2983 runs, while Curtly Ambrose is the leading wicket taker with 164 wickets	wickets	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
Aisea Tohi was its sole track athlete, Ana Po ' uhila was its sole field and only female athlete, and Maamaloa Lolohea was its only weightlifter. At 21 years old, Tohi was the youngest member of the delegation; Lolohea, at 40, was the	the	DET	oldest	ADJ	 oldest
The strand attracted comment and debate for several of its productions, such as Cathy Come Home, a Tony Garnett production of a Jeremy Sandford script, which dealt with the issue of homelessness. There were also problems caused by Newman bringing in freelance directors to work on	on	ADP	the	DET	 the
A few moments later, Savage pinned Jarrett after a punch to the jaw. The main event was a Six Sides of Steel cage match contested between America's Most Wanted (Chris Harris and James Storm) and Triple X (Christopher Daniels and Elix Skipper),	,	PUNCT	with	ADP	 with
Both Grenada and Saint Vincent remained in French hands until the end of the war, when they were returned to Britain under the terms of the 1783 Treaty of Paris. Admiral George Brydges Rodney made an attempt to recover Saint Vincent in December 1780. Arriving in the	the	DET	Caribbean	PROPN	 Caribbean
The types of dwelling varied from tent rings made of the hides of hunted mammals, to stone hearths, with no evidence of communal living in larger structures. In contrast, there is evidence for reindeer hunting as a coordinated effort of either villagers or groups of more	more	ADV	loosely	ADV	 loosely
The bassline in the track is also generated by a moog synthesizer. On 11 June 2016, Disclosure premiered " Boss " at the United Kingdom Wildlife Festival, leading to an estatic reception from the audience according to NME. On 14 June 2016, " Moog for	for	ADP	Love	PROPN	 Love
Lonely, Lisa considers going home, but decides to see it through. As the school year comes to a close, the Commandant reveals the final test for the students: the " Eliminator ", a hand over hand crawl across a rope suspended high above thorn	thorn	ADJ	bushes	NOUN	 bushes
At the 2015 San Diego Comic Con International, Whedon announced Twist, which was described as a comic book about " a Victorian female Batman ". Early in his career, Whedon sold two spec scripts that weren't produced, Suspension and Afterlife. He sold Suspension	Suspension	NOUN	for	ADP	 for
When Bart disagrees, the bullies make fun of him which upsets Bart. Bart is conflicted and asks Homer whether it is okay to compromise your beliefs to be popular. Homer tells Bart that popularity is the most important thing in the world, as long as Bart	Bart	PROPN	is	AUX	 is
Furthermore, a section of the bow immediately forward of ' A ' turret is missing, which has led historian and former Dartmouth lecturer Eric J. Grove and expedition leader David Mearns to believe that " either just before or just after leaving the surface, the bow suffered	suffered	VERB	massive	ADJ	 massive
In 1931, when he was aged nineteen, Winckel started working as a quartermaster on the freighter Pallau, which sailed between the Netherlands and Java. After his work on the ship he went to the island of Borneo to work on oil rigs. By 1935 he	he	PRON	returned	VERB	 returned
Three films were produced by the company in 2013; the first was Runner Runner, an ensemble crime thriller, which The Guardian's Xan Brooks described as " a lazy, trashy film that barely goes through the motions ". The thriller Out of the Furnace,	,	PUNCT	the	DET	 the
Both indoor and outdoor air quality can be improved, which may prevent COPD or slow the worsening of existing disease. This may be achieved by public policy efforts, cultural changes, and personal involvement. A number of developed countries have successfully improved outdoor air quality through	through	ADP	regulations	NOUN	 regulations
Goalkeeper George Hollis, backs Arthur Littleford, Bernard Pumfrey and George Short, half backs Ted Devey, Caesar Jenkyns, Teddy Jolley and Billy Ollis, and forwards Jack Hallam, Tommy Hands, Frank Mobley, Billy Walton and Fred Wheldon all remained with the club.	.	PUNCT	Newcomers	NOUN	 Newcomers
Juniper also received $2.5 million from Qwest and other investments from AT & T. Juniper had $3.8 million in annual revenue in 1998. By the following year, its only product, the M40 router, was being used by 50 telecommunications companies. Juniper signed agreements	agreements	NOUN	with	ADP	 with
Miller then attacked the local captain Wilf Wooller, hitting him over the sightscreen with straight drives from consecutive balls and lofting a third six over long off. He was finally dismissed while attempting another six; Australia's first innings was washed out at 3 / 215.	.	PUNCT	Miller	PROPN	 Miller
On 6 August 1966, the review in Ananda Vikatan described Anbe Vaa as an English film in Tamil, and felt that though it did not have any story, one could spend three hours in an entertaining manner with the film. Randor Guy, in his review	review	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
Regino of Prüm states that the Hungarians " roamed the wildernesses of the Pannonians and the Avars and sought their daily food by hunting and fishing " following their arrival in the Carpathian Basin. Their advance towards the Danube seems to have stimulated Arnulf who was crowned emperor to	to	PART	entrust	VERB	 entrust
This was done after a careful historical review of documents related to the historical features that existed before it was damaged. The other three watchtowers forming the northern, eastern and western gates of the wall were also examined during the planning phase of the modifications done for the	the	DET	South	PROPN	 South
Here, they ambushed the Dutch SS Wach Battalion as it headed toward Arnhem from Ede. Units of the Airlanding Artillery and Divisional HQ headed into Wolfheze and Oosterbeek where medical officers set up a Regimental Aid Post at the home of Kate ter Horst. The Allied advance	advance	NOUN	was	AUX	 was
Kubrick also cited David Lynch's Eraserhead (1977) as one of his favorite films and used it as a creative reference during the directing of The Shining. Kubrick's films typically involve expressions of an inner struggle, examined from different perspectives. He was very careful	careful	ADJ	not	PART	 not
Himmler mentions the " Judenevakuierung " or " evacuation of the Jews ", which he uses synonymously with their extermination. At one point in the speech, Himmler says: " elimination of the Jews, extermination, we're doing it ", briefly pausing in the	the	DET	middle	NOUN	 middle
Her husband, Mike Delfino (James Denton), suspects that she is unhappy in their marriage. Susan wants to tell Mike about the cover up, but Bree and Gabrielle discourage her, warning her that Mike could be implicated if they are ever caught. Lynette	Lynette	PROPN	and	CCONJ	 and
The next four games were drawn, despite fierce play from both players. In the sixth Schlechter managed to draw a game being a pawn down. In the seventh Lasker nearly lost because of a beautiful exchange sacrifice from Schlechter. In the ninth only a blunder from	from	ADP	Lasker	PROPN	 Lasker
Further, the screenplay also gives the impression that the successful original production of Show Boat, which Ziegfeld produced, closed because of the Great Depression. In fact Show Boat ended its original 1927 run in the spring of 1929 and the stock market crash did not occur	occur	VERB	until	ADP	 until
Nemo keeps her ashes, having promised her to spread them on Mars. In a far future, Nemo carries Elise's ash to Mars and spreads them on the planet's surface. Aboard the spacecraft traveling back to Earth, he meets Anna. Before they can	can	AUX	say	VERB	 say
The exterior of the oil pipeline was filmed in Cwm Dyli, Snowdonia, Wales, while the production teams shot the oil pipeline explosion in Hankley Common, Elstead, Surrey. Istanbul, Turkey, was indeed used in the film and Elektra King's Baku villa was	was	AUX	actually	ADV	 actually
Late on October 7, the storm was last observed to the south of Newfoundland. The storm was the only one in the season not to attain hurricane status. As the previous storm was moving along the coastline of the southeastern United States, a new hurricane was	was	AUX	observed	VERB	 observed
They arrived at Abu Simbel on November 26, the site had been visited by Bankes and Belzoni in 1815 and 1817 respectively, but the sand that they had cleared from the entrance had now returned. On January 1, 1829 they reached Wadi Halfa and returned north	north	ADV	.	PUNCT	.
Karim and Setu had still 23,000 men between them but such a force was no match for the armies that surrounded them. In whatever direction they turned they were met by British forces. Defeat followed defeat. One gang made their escape to the south, leaving all	all	DET	their	PRON	 their
After failing to gain United Australia Party preselection for the Victorian Legislative Assembly seat of Prahran in 1931, he ran as an unendorsed candidate (i.e. one lacking formal political endorsement) for the seat of Brighton in 1936. He gained 12,258 votes, losing by just 528	528	NUM	.	PUNCT	.
On October 26, 2010, a deluxe edition of the photo book was released, including the hardcover edition " encased in a Swarovski crystal monogrammed clamshell " alongside a print with an image from " Rude Boy " ' s music video shoot, signed by Rihanna.	.	PUNCT	Imported	VERB	 Imported
Nelvana followed the first film with another two theatrical instalments, Care Bears Movie II: A New Generation (1986) and The Care Bears Adventure in Wonderland (1987); neither made as much of a critical or commercial impact. A New Generation, released by	by	ADP	Columbia	PROPN	 Columbia
It is also seen as B. spinulosa ' prostrate '. Propagated by Gondwana Nursery, this is a relatively new release. B. s. var. spinulosa ' Honey Pots ' is a form with all gold flowers to 20 cm high (taller than forms listed above)	)	PUNCT	,	PUNCT	,
After studying at Christ's College, Cambridge, Fuller became a barrister of Gray's Inn. His legal career there began prosperously — he was employed by the Privy Council to examine witnesses — but was hampered later by his representation of The Puritans, a religious group	group	NOUN	which	PRON	 which
Wood's choice of wording, that the Irish would be " obliged " to accept the coin, was criticised by the Drapier who then accused Wood of " perfect High Treason " for obliging the people to take any copper coin when the king lacked the constitutional authority	authority	NOUN	to	PART	 to
The team worked in this direction to find a personality for Saints Row: The Third, which it found in its signature " dildo bat ". The idea started as one off mission specific weapon and the artists ran with the concept. Their design mantra became "	"	PUNCT	Embrace	PROPN	 Embrace
Article 16 guarantees equality of opportunity in matters of public employment and prevents the State from discriminating against anyone in matters of employment on the grounds only of religion, race, caste, sex, descent, place of birth, place of residence or any of them.	.	PUNCT	It	PRON	 It
This was slightly below the average for the month at that time (1.49 inches), but the year to date rainfall total was still one and two thirds inches above normal. The next day, July 28, 1.14 inches of rain fell in Fairbanks, setting	setting	VERB	a	DET	 a
The group performed " One Thing " on televised programmes and four major concert tours: Up All Night Tour (2011 – 12), Take Me Home Tour (2013), Where We Are Tour (2014) and On the Road Again Tour (2015)	)	PUNCT	.	PUNCT	.
If I don ’ t make this team, I plan to still be a champion. " He entered the competition ranked fourth in the 100 meter butterfly, fifth in the 200 meter butterfly, and also qualified in the 100 meter and 200 meter freestyle. He	He	PRON	chose	VERB	 chose
The main islands are Ceann Ear, Ceann Iar and Shivinish, which are all linked at low tide and have a combined area of 357 hectares (880 acres). The islands are low lying and fertile, and their population in the 18th century may have been	been	AUX	about	ADV	 about
The train then enters a 180 degree curve, going through the last bunny hop and entering the brake run. One cycle of the ride takes approximately 1 minute and 57 seconds. After leaving the station, the train made a slight turn to the right, climbing	climbing	VERB	the	DET	 the
Dodd participated in the Iowa Caucus on January 3, 2008. After receiving a disappointing total of 0% of the vote he ended his campaign. In his final words on the trail, He reflected on the joy he had in running for president. The Dodd	Dodd	PROPN	campaign	NOUN	 campaign
There were also three book review columns: two by Gillings, writing under pseudonyms, and one by John Aiken, the son of poet Conrad Aiken. When Carnell took over, he planned to distinguish Science Fantasy from its sister magazine, New Worlds, by adding	adding	VERB	more	ADJ	 more
" It was followed by Joseph Warren Beach's The Making of the Auden Canon (1957), a disapproving account of Auden's revisions of his earlier work. The first systematic critical account was Monroe K. Spears ' The Poetry of W. H. Auden: The Disenchanted	Disenchanted	PROPN	Island	PROPN	 Island
Interbreeding between the two takes place in the Nairobi National Park owing to extensive overlapping of habitats. Not many fossils of the waterbuck have been found. Fossils were scarce in the Cradle of Humankind, occurring only in a few pockets of the Swartkrans. On the basis	basis	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
From the arming halls, they would be moved to either end of the building through pivoting doors 18 metres (59 ft) high. They would exit through the south face of the building and would be moved on tracks to the launch pads. There were no	no	DET	doors	NOUN	 doors
Herc's first soundsystem consisted of two turntables connected to two amplifiers and a Shure " Vocal Master " PA system with 2 amazing speakers columns, on which he played records such as James Brown's " Give It Up Or Turnit A Loose ", The Jimmy Castor	Castor	PROPN	Bunch	PROPN	 Bunch
The Grants left from England by ship, sailing through the Suez Canal to India. They visited cities throughout the Raj, welcomed by colonial officials. After India, they toured Burma, Siam (where Grant met with King Chulalongkorn), Singapore, and Cochinchina (	(	PUNCT	Vietnam	PROPN	Vietnam
Eggs vary greatly in size, shape and markings, but are generally elongated ovals; white to cream or pinkish or buff coloured; freckled, spotted or blotched with reddish brown to chestnut or a purplish red, sometimes with underlying markings of violet or purplish grey.	.	PUNCT	The	DET	 The
Đurišić said he was willing to do this, and once the Partisans were defeated he said he would be ready to fight alongside the Germans on the Russian Front. During the meeting, Đurišić told Heinz that Mihailović had left Kolašin at the end of 1942 and that	that	SCONJ	he	PRON	 he
Yusef and Zainab then marry. After Zainab and Jane argue in the street Zainab and Yusef return home. Zainab slaps Yusef after he says Kamil will be an outcast to him but Yusef slaps Zainab back. Yusef then hastily arranges a flight for himself, Zainab and	and	CCONJ	Kamil	PROPN	 Kamil
The smallest dwarf galaxies of the Milky Way are only 500 light years in diameter. These include Carina Dwarf, Draco Dwarf, and Leo II Dwarf. There may still be undetected dwarf galaxies that are dynamically bound to the Milky Way, which is supported by the	the	DET	detection	NOUN	 detection
Latin and Greek each cost $5 additional per quarter. Boarding at the school cost $3 per week; however, laundry, fuel, and lighting were not included in this fee. Music lessons were also taught " at Professor's charges ". In 1866	1866	NUM	William	PROPN	 William
It shows reluctance to acquire " the high positive oxidation numbers characteristic of nonmetals ". It can form cyclic polycations (such as Se2 + 8) when dissolved in oleums (an attribute it shares with sulfur and tellurium), and a hydrolysed cationic salt in the form	form	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
Anne Hutchinson, a theologically astute midwife who had the ear of many of the colony's women, became outspoken during gatherings, or conventicles, held at her house. She strongly supported Cotton's " covenant of grace " ideas, and condemned the " covenant of	of	ADP	works	NOUN	 works
Most generally, State Shinto refers to any use of Shinto practices incorporated into the national ideology during the Meiji period starting in 1868. It is often described as any state supported, Shinto inspired ideology or practice intended to inspire national integration, unity, and loyalty.	.	PUNCT	State	PROPN	 State
In the summer of 1956, Childe retired as IOA Director a year prematurely. European archaeology had rapidly expanded during the 1950s, leading to increasing specialisation and making the synthesising that Childe was known for increasingly difficult. That year, the Institute was moving to Gordon Square	Square	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
Werner Krauss was banned from performing on stage and in films in Germany. He was required to undergo a de Nazification process from 1947 to 1948. Ultimately, he was rehabilitated to the extent of being invited to German film festivals. In 1954, he was awarded	awarded	VERB	the	DET	 the
According to government figures Southampton has a higher crime rate than the national average. There is some controversy regarding comparative crime statisitics due to inconsistencies between different police forces recording methodologies. For example, in Hampshire all reported incidents are recorded and all records then retained. However	However	ADV	,	PUNCT	,
On February 9 and 11, 1960, the newly formed AFL agreed to " no tampering " policies with the NFL and CFL respectively, protecting each league's players. Players like Kemp, with modest NFL experience, were often signed by the AFL at the time	time	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
The merger created Penn Central, which went bankrupt and was taken over by the federal government in 1976, as part of the merger that created Conrail. The second track from the inside at the Horseshoe Curve was removed by Conrail in 1981. The K4s 1361 was	was	AUX	removed	VERB	 removed
His friends, family, and others would be sacrificed or be caught in the crossfire, many of them dead or have left him. John tries his best to make something good in his life, but most of it leading to failure. Over the two decades	decades	NOUN	that	SCONJ	 that
She displaced 4,268 t (4,201 long tons) at full combat load. Her propulsion system consisted of two Parsons steam turbines, designed to give 14,794 shp (11,032 kW) for a top speed of 24 knots (44 km / h; 28 mph).	.	PUNCT	The	DET	 The
Of course, the film seems more consistent, but that may be because we've already traveled this maze once. While leaving, we might remain calmer, but still amazed by the mixture of exuberant invention and puerility. " A positive review came from L '	'	PUNCT	Express	PROPN	 Express
The eggs are vulnerable during the incubation period, and often fall prey to mammals and birds. In addition, eggs may be jeopardized by flooding, frost, or various developmental problems. It is unknown how gender is determined in bog turtles. Baby bog turtles are	are	AUX	about	ADV	 about
She was considered less pretty than her sisters Maria and Tatiana, though her appearance improved as she grew older. " As a child she was plain, at fifteen she was beautiful ", wrote her mother's friend Lili Dehn. " She was slightly above the	the	DET	medium	ADJ	 medium
Dubai's politicians and wealthy elite downplayed the situation before evacuating secretly, leaving countless Emiratis and foreign migrant workers behind. Colonel John Konrad (Bruce Boxleitner), the decorated but post traumatic stress disorder troubled commander of the fictional " Damned 33rd " Infantry Battalion of the	the	DET	United	PROPN	 United
Prior to his television career, Jones worked as a bank clerk, a telephone hotline officer and as a research assistant and spent three months as a builder laying house foundations. He subsequently joined Welsh channel S4C as a presenter of children's programmes such as Popty (	(	PUNCT	the	DET	the
After escaping the planet with an ancient vessel, the Spear of Adun, Artanis reclaims the artifact as Zeratul suggested and gathers allies among the many Protoss tribes scattered across the galaxy in order to remake his army and launch another assault on Aiur. Using the artifact,	,	PUNCT	Artanis	PROPN	 Artanis
Comedy Central hosted a satirical television series named Straight Plan for the Gay Man, which featured four heterosexual men teaching homosexual men how to be more (stereotypically) straight, redecorating their homes with neon beer signs and teaching them about sports. South Park spoofed the show	show	NOUN	and	CCONJ	 and
Another tornado was reported north of West Palm Beach, although it affected a sparsely populated area; total damage statewide totaled $1,656,000. Late on June 18, it is estimated the depression intensified into a tropical storm, and that day the Miami Hurricane Center issued its	its	PRON	last	ADJ	 last
He stated also that he had lost his patience with the questionable, according to his opinion, refereeing in Greece: " I will make my decisions but believe me, I ’ ve had enough. I can ’ t go on under these conditions. " One	One	NUM	month	NOUN	 month
There Gelimer planned to ambush and encircle them, using a force under his brother Ammatas to block their advance and engage them, while 2,000 men under his nephew Gibamund would attack their left flank, and Gelimer himself with the main army would attack from the rear and	and	CCONJ	completely	ADV	 completely
It uses several methods to mark its territorial boundaries, including claw marks and deposits of urine or feces. The bobcat breeds from winter into spring and has a gestation period of about two months. Although bobcats have been hunted extensively by humans, both for sport and	and	CCONJ	fur	NOUN	 fur
In both cases Tange took Western ideas and adapted them to meet Japanese requirements. The gymnasium has a capacity of approximately 16,000 and the smaller building can accommodate up 5,300 depending on the events that are taking place. At the time it was built, the gymnasium had	had	VERB	the	DET	 the
What did you find in existence worth as much as this human nature? What price did you put on rationality? How many obols did you reckon the equivalent of the likeness of God? How many staters did you get for selling that being shaped by God?	?	PUNCT	God	PROPN	 God
Errol Fuller has also cast the 1662 " dodo " sighting in doubt, as the reaction to distress cries of the birds mentioned matches what was described for the red rail. Milne Edwards suggested that early travellers may have confused young dodos with red rails. 230 years	years	NOUN	before	ADP	 before
In college, he was a catcher. He has played for the Cleveland Indians, the San Francisco Giants, and the Texas Rangers in Major League Baseball as well as the Samsung Lions in the Korea Baseball Organization. Garko is seen by former ESPN reporter John Sickels	Sickels	PROPN	as	ADP	 as
It dispensed with the membrane keyboard and used a case similar to that of the ZX Spectrum, incorporating 16 KB of on board memory. It was effectively a stopgap between the ZX81 and Spectrum. However, it was unsuccessful due to increased competition from rival US machines	machines	NOUN	and	CCONJ	 and
The antibody recognizes a unique molecule of the harmful agent, called an antigen, via the variable region. Each tip of the " Y " of an antibody contains a paratope (analogous to a lock) that is specific for one particular epitope (similarly analogous to	to	ADP	a	DET	 a
Lat's success with The Kampung Boy created new opportunities for him. He set up his own company — Kampung Boy Sendirian Berhad (Village Boy private limited) — to handle the merchandising of his cartoon characters and occasional publishing of his books. Kampung Boy is partnering	partnering	VERB	with	ADP	 with
The plaintiffs believed that the damage occurred because the company opened the flood gates of the Lake Lynn Dam. The power company attempted to move the case to the United States District Court for the Western District of Pennsylvania in March 1986, citing the Federal Power Act's	's	PART	provision	NOUN	 provision
Other reports stated that O'Sullivan was suffering from depression. He reached the quarter finals of the Masters, but lost 2 – 6 to Doherty. At the World Championship, he reached his third semi final in four years, but was again denied a place in the	the	DET	final	ADJ	 final
Liman von Sanders ordered the remainder of the Asia Corps to reinforce the XXII Corps by attacking westwards towards Tulkarm. Von Oppen had already ordered the German 701st Battalion and a German cavalry squadron to move through Jiyus to Felamiye, with a reserve battalion of the Ottoman 72nd	72nd	NOUN	Regiment	PROPN	 Regiment
Two scenes were cut from the segment; one of them would serve as an extension of Montymort and Slithers plotting their scheme, followed by a scene showing Bart combing his hair, while the other scene would show Groundskeeper Willie riding an enchanted lawn mower. The latter	latter	ADJ	scene	NOUN	 scene
In 1408 English forces under the command of the future Henry V placed Harlech and its commander, Edmund Mortimer, under siege, conducting a bombardment with cannon, probably destroying the south and east parts of the outer walls. When this failed to take the castle,	,	PUNCT	Henry	PROPN	 Henry
In the first Test Windon harassed the New Zealand fly half with his aggressive defence, and pounced on a loose ball to score a try after the ball was dropped following a mistimed All Blacks ' back line move. The New Zealanders adjusted to Australia's tactics to	to	PART	win	VERB	 win
Thus the range of numbers that could be held in each 40 bit word was − 239 to + 239 − 1 (decimal: -549,755,813,888 to + 549,755,813,887). The first realistic program to be run on the Mark 1 was a search for Mersenne primes, in	in	ADP	early	ADJ	 early
The Enterprise arrives late, just after Malik fires the torpedo, but Enterprise destroys it, saving the Klingon colony. Soong helps disable the Klingon ship, hoping to save some of the Augments. However, Malik scuttles the Klingon ship, killing the remaining Augments and	and	CCONJ	the	DET	 the
One of three highways within Essex County, Highway 77 serves to interconnect Highway 3 near Leamington with Highway 401 near Tilbury. Prior to 1998, the highway extended south into Leamington, ending at the former routing of Highway 3 and Highway 18. This section was turned	turned	VERB	over	ADP	 over
Denver is a consolidated city county with a mayor elected on a nonpartisan ballot, a 13 member city council and an auditor. The Denver City Council is elected from 11 districts with two at large council members and is responsible for passing and changing all laws, resolutions	resolutions	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
It was one of the highest grossing Bollywood films of 2011 in India and internationally. The film was declared a super hit in India and Overseas territories. Zindagi Na Milegi Dobara grossed ₹ 120 million (US $1.8 million) overseas in three days, which made	made	VERB	it	PRON	 it
The sculpture is part of the City of Portland and Multnomah County Public Art Collection courtesy of the Regional Arts & Culture Council. It is one of many works of art generated by Portland's Percent for Art program. In July 1995, the sculpture was removed from	from	ADP	its	PRON	 its
David was the latter's " greatest protégé ", one of Henry's " new men ". His hostility to Stephen can be interpreted as an effort to uphold the intended inheritance of Henry I, the succession of his daughter, Matilda, the former Empress of	of	ADP	the	DET	 the
On 6 April 1941, Yugoslavia was invaded from all sides by the Axis powers, led by German forces. Stojanović was assigned as a physician to an infantry battalion based in Banja Luka. For several days after the invasion this battalion moved toward Dalmatia, before it	it	PRON	completely	ADV	 completely
However Garran is perhaps best remembered as an expert on constitutional law, more so than for his other contributions to public service. On his experience of Federation and the Constitution, Garran was always enthusiastic: " I'm often asked ' has federation turned out as you	you	PRON	expected	VERB	 expected
It is also the largest city in the Texas Panhandle, and the seat of Potter County. A portion of the city extends into Randall County. The population was 190,695 at the 2010 census (105,486 in Potter County, and 85,209 in Randall). The Amarillo	Amarillo	PROPN	metropolitan	ADJ	 metropolitan
" The film used the fake working title of Corporate Headquarters. Some of the few outside of the production allowed to visit the set included Rod Roddenberry, Ronald D. Moore, Jonathan Frakes, Walter Koenig, Nichelle Nichols, Ben Stiller, Tom Cruise and Steven Spielberg	Spielberg	PROPN	(	PUNCT	 (
Soon after Orme took over the lead, but began to hang left. In the final furlong Medicis passed La Fleche and began to challenge Orme, but could not get on terms and Orme won by half a length, with La Fleche a further three lengths back	back	ADV	in	ADP	 in
An informal statistical census suggests that as of September 2012, there are between 7 and 12.4 million people in the United States that would identify themselves as bronies. A more detailed study, " The Brony Study ", is currently being conducted by Dr. Patrick Edwards,	,	PUNCT	a	DET	 a
Here, the two routes cross the right of way of the former Putnam Division of the New York Central Railroad and pass by the site of Millwood's station, which was demolished in May 2012 after years of neglect. Just after the railroad right of way,	,	PUNCT	NY	PROPN	 NY
Hypocritically, Buffon replied that he believed firmly in the biblical account of creation, and was able to continue printing his book, and remain in position as the leader of the ' old school ', complete with his job as director of the royal botanical garden.	.	PUNCT	On	ADP	 On
The Americans planned to have the K 25 plant in full production by June or July 1945. Having taken two years to get the prototype stages working, the British experts regarded this as incredibly optimistic, and felt that, barring a miracle, it would be unlikely	unlikely	ADJ	to	PART	 to
The organ, which had been installed in 1827, was moved to the space of the southern vestry, and the pulpit and reading desk place in front of it where they could be seen from all parts of the church. The holy table continued to be located	located	VERB	at	ADP	 at
They will also wipe their tails between their forearms and then engage in " stink fights " by waving their tail at their opponents. Lemurs (and strepsirrhines in general) are considered to be less visually oriented than the higher primates, since they rely so heavily on	on	ADP	their	PRON	 their
The Outer Harbor Crossing over the Patapsco River, which was dedicated to Francis Scott Key, who wrote The Star Spangled Banner, and its approaches were finished in 1977, completing the route around Baltimore. The approaches to the bridge were originally two lanes to accommodate a	a	DET	tunnel	NOUN	 tunnel
Alpha Tau Omega was founded at Dartmouth College in 1915 as the local fraternity Sigma Tau Omega. In 1924, the local fraternity was granted a charter to become the Delta Sigma chapter of national fraternity Alpha Tau Omega. The Dartmouth chapter dissolved in 1936, at the	the	DET	height	NOUN	 height
After causing a collision with Bruno Senna in Spain, Schumacher received a five place grid penalty for the Monaco Grand Prix. Schumacher was fastest in qualifying in Monaco; but started sixth owing to his penalty. He later retired from seventh place in the race. At	At	ADP	the	DET	 the
McDonald announced his retirement as a player on August 28, 1989, stating in a press conference that he made the determination before the 1988 – 89 season began that it would be his last. He also revealed that he had received an offer from another, unnamed	unnamed	ADJ	,	PUNCT	,
It ultimately became apparent that the Super design would not work, but the development of the Teller Ulam design provided a new path to high yield thermonuclear weapons. For his services as Director of Military Applications, McCormack was awarded the Army Distinguished Service Medal. McCormack transferred	transferred	VERB	to	ADP	 to
" Though most of the media reception of the musical was positive, New York Church of Scientology President John Carmichael did not have kind words for the production. Carmichael asserted that L. Ron Hubbard was portrayed in the play as " an authoritarian demagogue whose methods create emotionless	emotionless	NOUN	followers	NOUN	 followers
The Special Service Brigade was quickly expanded to 12 units which became known as Commandos. Each Commando had a lieutenant colonel as the commanding officer and numbered around 450 men (divided into 75 man troops that were further divided into 15 man sections). Technically these men	men	NOUN	were	AUX	 were
Based on its spectrum, HD 154672 is not a very active star. The apparent magnitude (v) of HD 154672 is 8.22, which means that it is not visible to the naked eye. It is slightly dimmer than Neptune, which has an apparent magnitude	magnitude	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
A preparatory drawing in the Uffizi with the same static scene is the primary clue to the appearance of the original fresco, in which Hawkwood was apparently more armored, taller, and — along with his horse — in a more militaristic stance. The Hawkwood thus both	both	PRON	participated	VERB	 participated
In contrast to other U2 tours, each of the Zoo TV shows opened with six to eight consecutive new songs before older material was played. Comprising five legs and 157 shows, the tour began in Lakeland, Florida, on 29 February 1992 and finished in Tokyo	Tokyo	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
Orton's time was later beaten by Daniel Bryan, thus earning him the title match. On the following Raw SuperShow, Orton was brogue kicked by tag team partner Sheamus during their match against Chris Jericho and Alberto Del Rio, costing them the match. After the	the	DET	match	NOUN	 match
The work (running to 456 pages in three volumes) relies upon archive documents held by the university, the colleges and the city of Oxford, as well as material from three Oxfordshire abbeys and the works of Homer, Aristotle, Cicero, and other classical authors	authors	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
This segment was recorded by the astronauts on 26 June 2009. In an interview with BBC Radio, Bono stated that a second video piece had been recorded where the astronauts aboard the International Space Station sang " Your Blue Room ". A NASA press release revealed that	that	SCONJ	crewmember	NOUN	 crewmember
Primrose Hill Farm was demolished to make way for housing in 1965. Field End Farm, covering 50 acres (20 ha) at the junction of Wood Lane and West End Road, was demolished in 1966. The farm house had been owned by the manor of	of	ADP	Northolt	PROPN	 Northolt
The game was officially announced on May 15, 2014, and the first gameplay footage was revealed during Electronic Entertainment Expo 2014. The game's cover art, which shows the light skinned Pagan Min resting his hand on a dark skinned person, caused controversy and accusation	accusation	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
In the Central and South American cougar range, the ratio of deer in the diet declines. Small to mid sized mammals are preferred, including large rodents such as the capybara. Ungulates accounted for only 35% of prey items in one survey, about half that	that	DET	of	ADP	 of
" Shortly after the PC release, Blow released resources for a level editor for Braid that allow users to import new graphics into the game. Upon its release to Xbox Live Arcade, Braid was met with nearly unanimously positive reviews, with an aggregate review score of	of	ADP	93	NUM	 93
In 1936, Burnham enlisted the Arizona Boy Scouts in a campaign to save the Desert Bighorn Sheep from probable extinction. Several other prominent Arizonans and environmental groups joined the movement and a " save the bighorns " poster contest was started in schools throughout the state. Burnham	Burnham	PROPN	provided	VERB	 provided
Records of IRBC assessed rarities were included in BBRC annual reports for many years, although this ceased in 2002 at the request of IRBC. Although the British Ornithologists ' Union Records Committee does not regard records from the Isle of Man as contributing towards their British list,	,	PUNCT	BBRC	PROPN	 BBRC
While the bridge scenes were shot early, trouble with filming the transporter room scene delayed further work. Crew working on the transporter platform found their footwear melting on the lighted grid while shooting tests. Issues with the wormhole sequences caused further delays. The footage for the	the	DET	scene	NOUN	 scene
Hubbard was far more interested in extracurricular activities, particularly writing and participating in the university flying club. He wrote for the George Washington University student newspaper, The University Hatchet, as a reporter for a few months in 1931. According to official biographies, " he	he	PRON	earned	VERB	 earned
At the start of the season Pinkner believed they had found a " good rhythm " between the two, as the mythology " really [started to] affect the characters, to the point where even the standalone [episodes] advance mythology ". After the season	season	NOUN	ended	VERB	 ended
Following the 1992 regular season, Zosky played for the Tucson Javelinas in the newly formed Arizona Fall League, hitting.326. As early as January 1993, Zosky was expected to be the Toronto Blue Jays ' starting shortstop for the 1993 regular season. However, later that	that	DET	month	NOUN	 month
Florey said this was useful in " giving the scenes the rhythms which we thought they required ". Skyscrapers in the sets were oblong cubes that were shot from an angle that exaggerated their height. To create the effect of sunlight glimmering off the buildings, one person	person	NOUN	would	AUX	 would
In Wainwright's words: " The grassy western slope trodden by the multitudes is of little interest, but the fell should not be judged accordingly: it is made of sterner stuff. From the east, Nethermost Pike is magnificent, hardly less so than Helvellyn.	.	PUNCT	"	PUNCT	 "
The total for the Stork Club was $181,000. Billingsley, out of town with his family, was notified. The club's employees refused to turn anything over to the officials, who were intent on closing it. Upon his return, Billingsley firmly protested that	that	SCONJ	the	DET	 the
" Listen " entered and left the UK Singles Chart on three separate occasions, In February 2007, it entered at number 60 and peaked at number 16 on March 3, 2007 before leaving the chart on March 24, 2007. On December 4, 2008,	,	PUNCT	Alexandra	PROPN	 Alexandra
The head brewer Edward " Ted " Collins first produced Stones Bitter at the Cannon Brewery in 1948. It was designed for the steelworkers of Sheffield's Lower Don Valley. The product was formulated as the working classes began to favour bitter over the dark mild style of	of	ADP	beer	NOUN	 beer
Chatwin provided different reasons to his doctors as to how he might have contracted HIV, including from a gang rape in Dahomey or possibly from Sam Wagstaff, the patron and lover of Robert Mapplethorpe. Chatwin's case was unusual as he had a fungal infection, Penicillium	Penicillium	PROPN	marneffei	PROPN	 marneffei
The first game ended with an 8 – 8 tie in the eleventh inning, but the Reds defeated the Expos, by a score of 5 – 3, in the second game of the series. Three major league exhibitions were to take place at Greer prior to	to	ADP	the	DET	 the
Kapadia was noted for her " deglamourised role ", but most of the praise went to the performance of Patekar himself. Kapadia starred alongside Amitabh Bachchan in Shashi Kapoor's fantasy Ajooba, an Indo Russian co production based on Arabian mythology and set in the Afghan kingdom	kingdom	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
At Getzville, NY 270 joined its modern alignment and followed it to Saunders Settlement Road (now NY 31), where it turned northeast onto Saunders Settlement Road for a short distance to Upper Mountain Road, where it ended at NY 3 outside of Lockport. Both	Both	DET	extents	NOUN	 extents
Ball studied at the Lenton Church School, Grantham Grammar School and Nottingham High School before transferring to Trent College in January 1911, at the age of 14. As a student he displayed only average ability, but was able to develop his curiosity for things mechanical.	.	PUNCT	His	PRON	 His
When Wright designed the Heller House in 1896, it marked his move away from styles that were popular into an era of geometric and highly modern designs. Wright's design exhibits the influence of Wright's mentor, Louis Sullivan, and demonstrates Wright's move towards Prairie	Prairie	PROPN	School	PROPN	 School
Domestic industry was not capable of building such large guns and they were not able to purchase the guns from any foreign company. Other ideas were examined for the three less complete ships. These included converting the hulls to cargo ships, passenger liners, or 22,000 long	long	ADJ	ton	NOUN	 ton
In the key March 18 primary in Illinois, Kennedy failed to gain support of Catholic voters, and Carter crushed him, winning 155 of 169 delegates. With little mathematical hope of winning the nomination, and polls showing another likely defeat in the New York primary,	,	PUNCT	Kennedy	PROPN	 Kennedy
The first known inhabitants of the banks of the Jordan River were members of the Desert Archaic Culture, a group of nomadic hunter gatherers. A 3,000 year old archaeological site, called the Soo ' nkahni Village, was uncovered next to the Jordan River and over 30,000	30,000	NUM	artifacts	NOUN	 artifacts
Upon hearing this, Ann decides to drive up to Indianapolis to confront Chris. To Ron's horror, Charles Mulligan's has been shut down by the health department, so Chris invites everyone back to his place for food. To Ron's further horror, Chris	Chris	PROPN	prepares	VERB	 prepares
They were also equipped with a pair of 50 cm (19.7 in) torpedo tubes mounted on the deck. The ships could also carry 120 mines. Since they had been ordered and designed for the Russian Navy, the ships did not possess a waterline armored belt	belt	NOUN	like	ADP	 like
In Anthozoa (anemones, corals, etc.) and Scyphozoa (jellyfish), the mesoglea also contains some muscle cells. Cnidocytes, the harpoon like " nettle cells " that give the phylum Cnidaria its name. These appear between or sometimes on top of the	the	DET	muscle	NOUN	 muscle
It was released on June 26, 2012 in North America and June 29, 2012 internationally for Microsoft Windows, as well as the Xbox 360, and PlayStation 3 consoles. It was later released for OS X and Linux in 2013 and 2015, respectively. It	It	PRON	is	AUX	 is
BEST!, a comedy play written by Liverpool playwright Fred Lawless, was staged at the Liverpool Everyman Theatre and the Dublin Theatre Festival in 1995 and 1996. The play, which was mainly fiction, showed a scenario where after Pete Best's sacking, he went	went	VERB	on	ADP	 on
His mother, Leah (born Aletta Ferreira; c. 1865 – 1918), was a ninth generation Afrikaner of Dutch ancestry. His parents, for whom Raphael or " Roy " was the 13th child, kept a " poor white " boarding house. Welensky's	's	PART	mother	NOUN	 mother
Both complained strongly when told that their resignations were expected, pointing out that they had both wanted to sack Heidemann in 1981. A settlement of 3.5 million DMs (c. $1 million) was provided to each of them as part of the severance package. The	The	DET	staff	NOUN	 staff
Today, these are the Beijing Labouring People's Cultural Hall and Zhongshan Park (commemorating Sun Yat sen) respectively. To the south, two nearly identical gatehouses stand along the main axis. They are the Upright Gate (Chinese: 端门; pinyin: Duānmén)	)	PUNCT	and	CCONJ	 and
In 1803, Secretary of War Henry Dearborn appointed Scott and Governor James Garrard to evaluate sites in Kentucky on which to construct a replacement for Fort Washington. Garrard, a central Kentucky native, insisted that the fort should be built at Frankfort. Scott disagreed, contending	contending	VERB	that	SCONJ	 that
If they are able to procreate as soon as they take over a pride, potentially, they may have more offspring reaching maturity before they also are displaced. A lioness often will attempt to defend her cubs fiercely from a usurping male, but such actions are rarely	rarely	ADV	successful	ADJ	 successful
Mao's habits were heavily influenced by his peasant background; biographer Stuart Schram suggested that this took the form of a " lack of social graces and of a concern either for comfort or appearances. " In later life, Mao would never become accustomed to the use	use	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
After meeting with Lockwood, Christie met with MacArthur and related the events of Dealey's fifth war patrol to the general. MacArthur then decided to award Dealey a Distinguished Service Cross, and Christie the Silver Star. Additionally at this meeting, Christie found out his earlier	earlier	ADJ	recommendation	NOUN	 recommendation
Mary McNamara of the Los Angeles Times highlighted the performances of the cast, especially Michael Weston as detective Lucas Douglas, calling him a " delightful addition ". She concluded, " So different is the premiere that the savvy House (and Fox) viewer may expect	expect	VERB	the	DET	 the
Three offshoots have thus far been launched, which include Mangaloreans Worldwide – An International Directory (1999), Distinguished Mangalorean Catholics (2000), and The Mangalorean Catholic Community – A Professional History / Directory (2002). William Robert da Silva translated the first complete	complete	ADJ	Bible	PROPN	 Bible
The decline of the Pax Mongolica resulted in a decline of eased trade between East and West. The Mongol Empire, near the time of its decline, consisted of many different territories that varied from one to another. Each territory was defined as a " khanate "	"	PUNCT	.	PUNCT	.
At first, all the data on the map was not taken at exactly the same time in the early days of these analyses because of a lack of time standardization. The first attempts at time standardization took hold in the Great Britain by 1855. However, in	in	ADP	the	DET	 the
It was released by Sire Records as the lead single from the album on March 3, 1989. Written and produced by Madonna and Patrick Leonard, " Like a Prayer " denoted a more artistic and personal approach to songwriting for Madonna, who felt she needed to	to	PART	cater	VERB	 cater
Because of misunderstandings and poorly coordinated signaling, the Swedish fleet attempted to turn and engage the allied fleet before they had sailed past the northern end of Öland, which had been agreed on before the battle. Sharp turns in rough weather were known to be perilous,	,	PUNCT	especially	ADV	 especially
Kitchener had received intelligence on their location and he hoped to damage the morale of Boer commandos at large by sending a small group of men to capture the Boer Government. Trenchard was accompanied by a column of so called loyalist Boers whose motives he suspected. Also with	with	ADP	Trenchard	PROPN	 Trenchard
His primary objective was to " see her explode ", and he cast her as a morphine addicted wife. Moore said that it was a particularly difficult role, but she was rewarded with a SAG nomination. She was subsequently named Best Supporting Actress of 1999 by	by	ADP	the	DET	 the
I didn't want to contribute to these fame seeking journalists and opportunists looking to fill their churches or to get elected [during the US general election of 2000] because of their self righteous finger pointing. They want to blame entertainment? Isn't religion the first	first	ADJ	real	ADJ	 real
However, only a few weeks later, they withdrew their application because it was felt their team wasn't strong enough to enter the league. The league also revised the limits on the number of imports some teams were allowed to have. Halla and the Ice Bucks	Bucks	PROPN	were	AUX	 were
Born in Antigua, resident in Taunton while playing for Somerset 1974 – 1986. Andy Robinson – former England rugby union international and head coach. Now head coach of Scotland. Born in Taunton 3 April 1964 Miranda Shearer – Author. Born in Taunton 11 May 1982	1982	NUM	,	PUNCT	,
Originally drafted by Stasov in 1868 for Hector Berlioz as a sequel to that composer's Harold en Italie, the program had since been in Balakirev's care. Tchaikovsky declined the project at first, saying the subject left him cold. Balakirev persisted. " You must	must	AUX	,	PUNCT	,
Al Jarrah followed up his success by capturing Tiflis and bringing Caucasian Iberia and the lands of the Alans under Muslim suzerainty, becoming the first Muslim commander to campaign through the Darial Pass in the process. This secured the Muslims ' own flank against a possible Khazar attack	attack	NOUN	through	ADP	 through
RMS Titanic Inc. has attracted considerable controversy for its approach to Titanic. Two rival camps have formed following the wreck's discovery: the " conservationists ", championed by RMS Titanic Inc. ' s George Tulloch (who died in 2004), and the " protectionists "	"	PUNCT	,	PUNCT	,
Farmiga said that she loved Violet " immediately " and that " she had spunk to her, she had attitude. " Ryan Murphy has described Tate as the " true monster " of the series, adding: " To Evan's great credit and the credit of	of	ADP	the	DET	 the
The garden's entrance door, also covered in bronze, is decorated with a relief of the Madonna and Child. As elsewhere, Burges incorporated earlier designs, the bronze doors echoing those at Cork Cathedral, and the maze floor recalling an earlier ceiling at Burges's	's	PART	office	NOUN	 office
Swank earned $75 per day for her work on Boys Don't Cry, totaling $3,000. Her earnings were so low that she did not qualify for health insurance. For the role of Brandon's girlfriend, Lana Tisdel, Peirce had envisioned a young Jodie	Jodie	PROPN	Foster	PROPN	 Foster
This ensures that foals are born neither too early (before the spring grass is coming through), nor too late (as the colder weather is setting in and the grazing and browsing on the Forest is dying back) in the following year. Colts are assessed	assessed	VERB	in	ADP	 in
Appleyard, instead of giving answers, retracted all his statements; he had also requested to see the coroner's report and, after studying it in his cell, wrote that it fully satisfied him and had dispelled his concerns. From the early 1560s there was a	a	DET	tradition	NOUN	 tradition
In 1981 Terry Hughes proposed that the region around Pine Island Bay may be a " weak underbelly " of the West Antarctic Ice Sheet. This is based on the fact that, unlike the majority of the large West Antarctic ice streams, those flowing into the Amundsen	Amundsen	PROPN	Sea	PROPN	 Sea
He returns as a battle hardened, disturbed teenager who has been raised to hate Angel. His consequent violent and estranged relationship with his father and increasing internal conflict making him shift alliances between protagonists and antagonists forms the storyline for his character. Towards the end of season	season	NOUN	four	NUM	 four
The chorus and orchestra of the new company were much smaller than those of the old company: the chorus was reduced from 32 (or more) to 20, and the orchestra from 38 generally to 24. For a 1998 production of Pirates at the Queen's	's	PART	Theatre	PROPN	 Theatre
In Tuscany this art can be found at the Centro per l ' arte contemporanea Luigi Pecci at Prato, a city about 15 km (9 mi) from Florence. The Silver Museum, sometimes called " The Medici Treasury ", contains a collection of priceless silver	silver	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
As the storm moved northward over the Yellow Sea, atmospheric conditions became increasingly hostile, with significantly lower sea surface temperatures and high wind shear. During the overnight of August 27 – 28, the typhoon brushed South Korea as a weakening cyclone. Convection on the west	west	ADJ	side	NOUN	 side
Paul W. Fairman replaced Browne as editor in September 1956. Early in Fairman's tenure, Bernard Davis decided to try issuing a companion series of novels, titled Amazing Stories Science Fiction Novels. Readers ' letters in Amazing had indicated a desire for novels, which Amazing	Amazing	PROPN	did	AUX	 did
Futures reached $66.48, the highest intraday price since April 30. The contract was at $65.95 a barrel, down 26 cents, in after hours electronic trading at 9: 43 a.m. Tuesday in Singapore. Tom Kloza, chief oil analyst at the Oil Price	Price	PROPN	Information	PROPN	 Information
On 8 May 1915, on the eve of the Battle of Aubers Ridge, Gleeson addressed the assembled battalion at a roadside shrine and gave the general absolution. The battalion suffered heavily in the battle and when paraded again afterwards only 200 men were assembled. Gleeson's	's	PART	absolution	NOUN	 absolution
The family converted the building into a hotel, and in the late 1940s, the underground floor was remodeled and made a clandestine casino. Twenty years later, in the late 1960s, Gustavo González Pérez, then a pilot in the Chilean Air Force, along with	with	ADP	another	DET	 another
Zazula had a hard time finding a distributor for the record, but he eventually convinced Relativity Records to distribute the album in the US and Canada, and Music for Nations in Europe. The band initially intended to title the album Metal Up Your Ass with the cover	cover	NOUN	featuring	VERB	 featuring
The other lawsuit involved Bloet's attempt to hold a manor free of dues owed to Westminster Abbey, which was settled in the Abbey's favour, although Bloet continued to hold the land. Nor is there any lessening of the rate of Bloet's witnessing to royal	royal	ADJ	documents	NOUN	 documents
Holly accepts. Everyone then begins to congratulate Michael. However, Michael announces he is moving to Colorado with Holly. The scene ends with his employees in shock. Meanwhile, Dunder Mifflin Scranton's warehouse and crew host a public garage sale. Dwight attempts to walk	walk	VERB	away	ADV	 away
The player then hears Pokémon cries from outside, which turn out to belong to a Pikachu and two other creatures: the reptilian Treecko and the avian Torchic. While the others run off, the Pikachu stays and the player adopts it. Oak decides to allow Pikachu	Pikachu	PROPN	to	PART	 to
Rumors that white racists were responsible for his father's death were widely circulated, and were very disturbing to Malcolm X as a child. As an adult, he expressed conflicting beliefs on the question. After a dispute with creditors, Louise received a life insurance benefit	benefit	NOUN	(	PUNCT	 (
By virtue of his failures, Adam becomes " the companion that proves the worth of all of the other companions ". In their book Who is the Doctor, Graeme Burk and Robert Smith described Adam in " Dalek " as " somewhat annoying ". Burk referred	referred	VERB	to	ADP	 to
For the invasion of the Soviet Union, 6th Panzer Division had 160 Pz. Kpfw. 35 (t) s. to support 4th Panzer Group's drive on Leningrad. By 10 September 1941, the division had only 102 operational Pz. Kpfw. 35 (t	t	PROPN	)	PUNCT	)
Morton was personally opposed to slavery, but did not often let it inform his political decisions until later in life; he preferred instead to focus his efforts on other priorities. Despite this, his written statements on slavery were to become a matter of contentious debate when	when	SCONJ	party	NOUN	 party
After three months, the pup begins to eat solid food and is fully weaned by ten months. The mother grooms her offspring during rest periods lasting up to an hour. Grooming peaks during the first three months and declines as the young reaches nine months of age	age	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
This brings a world of the Maya marketplace to vibrant life for archaeologists. Another highly beneficial resource to Maya archaeological understanding at Calakmul is the ceramic remains. The composition of the ceramic materials identifies the region or more specifically the polity that produced them. Ceramics with the	the	DET	snake	NOUN	 snake
Strong currents make submersible diving hazardous in the region. The researchers were continually met by clouds of sulfide and sulfate. The sudden collapse of Pele's Vents caused a large discharge of hydrothermal material. The presence of certain indicator minerals in the mixture suggested temperatures exceeded 250	250	NUM	°	NUM	°
Designed by Tetsuya Nomura, she was first introduced in the 1997 role playing video game Final Fantasy VII as a young female ninja princess and thief. She can become one of the game's player characters after finishing a special sidequest. Yuffie reappears in the Compilation of	of	ADP	Final	PROPN	 Final
A central room, measuring 6 m (20 ft) square, was surrounded by a 3 m (9.8 ft) passageway, similar to many Romano Celtic temples found in the south of England. Nearby were two other buildings: a rectangular building 7.9 m ×	×	PROPN	5.5	NUM	 5.5
Beatty ordered New Zealand to rejoin the squadron and turned west for Scarborough. The British forces split going around the shallow Southwest Patch of the Dogger Bank; Beatty's ships passed to the north, while Warrender passed to the south as they headed west to block the	the	DET	main	ADJ	 main
For a short time, General Grant made his military headquarters in the Halliday hotel in Cairo, Illinois. During the war, Halliday and Grant became close friends. Grant commandeered one of Halliday's wharfboats for use in the Union Commissary Department, and soon after the	the	DET	boat	NOUN	 boat
According to sportswriter Ed Fitzgerald in SPORT magazine, " [w] omen wept unashamed and the entire courtroom burst into spontaneous, prolonged applause. " Landis had been a lawyer with a corporate practice; upon his elevation to the bench, corporate litigants expected him to	to	PART	favor	VERB	 favor
British record producer Ken Nelson and Coldplay produced the track for their debut album Parachutes. Vocalist Chris Martin admitted that " Shiver " was written for a specific woman, from whom the media has generated several speculations. The song contains influences attributed to American singer songwriter Jeff	Jeff	PROPN	Buckley	PROPN	 Buckley
His career began in 1963, when he joined the Foreign Service as a clerical officer. Two years into his career, he was posted to the British embassy in Bonn, West Germany, and two years after that to Nigeria. From 1970 to 1972, Penfold	Penfold	PROPN	served	VERB	 served
The statue was founded by Robert Wood & Company, whose other works in Washington, D.C. include Major General Nathanael Greene, Major General James B. McPherson and General John A. Rawlins. The architect selected to design the base is disputed. Historian James M. Goode, author	author	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
James Caudy was born in 1707 in the Netherlands. He possibly arrived in the Thirteen Colonies through Prince George's County in the Province of Maryland in the 1730s. While in Prince George's County, Caudy married his first wife, Mary Hutchinson. Around 1738,	,	PUNCT	Caudy	PROPN	 Caudy
" Janet Hirshenson, the film's casting director, felt that Jeff Goldblum would be the right choice to play Ian Malcolm after reading the novel. Jim Carrey also auditioned for the role. According to Hirshenson, Carrey " was terrific, too, but I think	think	VERB	pretty	ADV	 pretty
Aletta developed from an area of disturbed weather located south southwest of the Mexican port of Acapulco, Guerrero. It gradually gained organized convection and was classified as a tropical depression early on May 27, and became a tropical storm later that morning, the first of 2006	2006	NUM	in	ADP	 in
Helgoland had a mean draft of 4.6 meters (15 ft 1 in) and displaced 3,500 metric tons (3,400 long tons) at normal load. At deep load, she displaced 4,017 metric tons (3,954 long tons). Her propulsion system consisted of two sets	sets	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
Feige also stated that shooting was slated to begin sometime in 2014, and that casting would begin towards the end of 2013. In July 2013, Wright said that he and Cornish had completed the script for the film and that Marvel allowed him to delay its production	production	NOUN	so	SCONJ	 so
At the 2014 Soul Train Music Awards, " Say Yes " is currently nominated in the category for Best Gospel / Inspirational Song. In the United States, " Say Yes " entered the top ten of the Billboard Hot Gospel Songs chart at number five in its	its	PRON	second	ADJ	 second
With its seven domestic gates, the terminal also eases congestion at Terminal 1. In August 2015, the airport announced plans to convert seven gates in the D Gates to international gates. A fourth line of the people mover system is under construction between those gates and	and	CCONJ	the	DET	 the
Lofton earned a degree in studio production at the University of Arizona while playing minor league baseball for the Houston Astros. He credits his post MLB success, as owner of FilmPool, Inc., to that education. Lofton is also a member of Kappa Alpha Psi fraternity	fraternity	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
Coolidge was quite frugal when it came to securing a home. They rented. Coolidge did not like to be beholden to bankers or anyone else, for that matter. Independence was his way of protecting his freedom to do what was right. The same impulse caused	caused	VERB	him	PRON	 him
She died in December 1975 in St. Luke's Hospital, Denver, at the age of 75. A year before her death, in December 1974, McConnell received an award from the University of Colorado Medical School which recognized her as a 50 year graduate of the	the	DET	school	NOUN	 school
He published what now is known as the " Charcot Triad ", consisting in nystagmus, intention tremor, and telegraphic speech (scanning speech) Charcot also observed cognition changes, describing his patients as having a " marked enfeeblement of the memory " and " conceptions that	that	PRON	formed	VERB	 formed
Dot's relationship with her wayward son Nick (John Altman), has been a feature of the character's narrative since her inception. Unlike Dot, Nick is scripted as a semi regular character, one who comes and goes sporadically and, as authors Jill Marshall	Marshall	PROPN	and	CCONJ	 and
However, 79% of the housing in the city is between 100 and 200 metres (330 and 660 ft) above sea level. Estimated to contain over two million trees, Sheffield has more trees per person than any other city in Europe, and according to	to	ADP	Sheffield	PROPN	 Sheffield
Shortly after the release of Duke Nukem 3D in 1996, i d Software released the much anticipated Quake. Like Doom, Quake was influential and genre defining, featuring fast paced, gory gameplay, but used 3D polygons instead of sprites. It was centered on online	online	ADJ	gaming	NOUN	 gaming
Initially only eight mounts were planned when the ships began construction, but two more were added later, probably in January 1941, one on each side of the forward superstructure. Each mount was fully enclosed to protect the crew from the muzzle blast of the larger guns	guns	NOUN	and	CCONJ	 and
While training, Corbin added 15 to 20 pounds (6.8 to 9.1 kg). Competing for the Chipola Indians, who play in the Panhandle Conference of the Florida State College Activities Association (FSCAA), a member of the National Junior College Athletic Association (NJCAA	NJCAA	PROPN	)	PUNCT	)
Odin took Nótt and her son Dagr, placed them into the sky with a chariot and a horse each, and they ride around the earth every 24 hours. Nótt rides before Dagr, and foam from her horse Hrímfaxi's bit sprinkles the earth. However,	,	PUNCT	scholar	NOUN	 scholar
The ship's interior was made of six pieces that could be rearranged to create a different room. The Romulan actors had three prosthetics applied to their ears and foreheads, while Bana had a fourth prosthetic for the bitemark on his ear that extends to the back of	of	ADP	his	PRON	 his
The ST took control over the club in March 2003 after the Inland Revenue accepted an offer of £100,000 as payment for £160,000 owed in tax. Steve Beck became the new chairman. Batchelor had diverted almost all of the £400,000 Persimmon sponsorship money away from	from	ADP	York	PROPN	 York
A longer dance segment intercalates with all the scenes during the whole video. " Born to Make You Happy " has been performed by Spears on four tours. On her first tour,... Baby One More Time Tour, she sang the song seated on a staircase	staircase	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
At the Saturn Awards, the film was nominated for Best Fantasy Film (lost to Babe), Make up (lost to Seven), Special Effects (lost to Jumanji) and Costume Design (lost to 12 Monkeys). Composer Elliot Goldenthal was given a	a	DET	Grammy	PROPN	 Grammy
In 1933 Tippett arranged the staging of a shortened version of John Gay's The Beggar's Opera, with locals playing the main parts, and the following year he provided the music for a new folk opera, Robin Hood, with words by Ayerst, himself and	and	CCONJ	Ruth	PROPN	 Ruth
Wheeler became part of the DuPont design staff. He worked closely with its engineers, commuting between Chicago and Wilmington, Delaware, where DuPont had its headquarters. He moved his family to Wilmington in March 1943. DuPont's task was not just to build nuclear reactors	reactors	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
" On Metacritic, season one has a score of 87 out of 100, based on 41 critics, indicating " universal acclaim ". The Daily Telegraph critic Chris Harvey declared True Detective " the most ambitious TV drama for a long time ". Tim Goodman,	,	PUNCT	writing	VERB	 writing
He has also ridden at the Badminton Horse Trials, where he is one of only two Americans to win that event, and he also holds the honor of having the most wins at the Rolex Three Day Event with six victories. Through his 1974 World Championship victory	victory	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
He drew cheers from the crowd on the road as well, with some writers attributing the attention to the unique story of a successful Asian American basketball player. Nevertheless, Lin played more relaxed on the road, where he felt less scrutiny and pressure to perform.	.	PUNCT	Lin	PROPN	 Lin
" Likewise, Marc Saltzman of The Cincinnati Enquirer gave it four stars out of five and stated that, " One of the game's greatest assets is its intuitive control scheme. Novice and seasoned players will be able to pick up and play with little trouble.	.	PUNCT	There	PRON	 There
Lucidi said repeatedly that he was only following Feletti's orders. He reported afterwards that he " would have a thousand times preferred to be exposed to much more serious dangers in performing my duties than to have to witness such a painful scene. " Lucidi offered to	to	PART	let	VERB	 let
For instance, he voted in favor of the Court's ruling that the states could not use religious tests as qualifications for public office in Torcaso v. Watkins. He joined in Engel v. Vitale, which declared that it was unconstitutional for states to require the recitation of	of	ADP	official	ADJ	 official
Anoop Gantayat of IGN called the Dreamcast version " possibly the finest looking 2D game ever, thanks to the high res graphics, mega ultra special effects and smooth animation. " According to T.J. Deci of AllGame, the PS2 is " notable for smooth, refined graphics	graphics	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
Governor Woodrow Wilson was the Democratic nominee. Seeing Roosevelt as the greater electoral threat, Wilson spent little time attacking Taft, arguing that Roosevelt had been lukewarm in opposing the trusts during his presidency, and that Wilson was the true reformer. Reverting to the pre Roosevelt	Roosevelt	PROPN	custom	NOUN	 custom
The Army Corps of Engineers commenced work on The Dalles Dam in 1952 and completed it five years later. On March 10, 1957, hundreds of observers looked on as a rising Lake Celilo rapidly silenced the falls, submerged fishing platforms, and consumed the village of	of	ADP	Celilo	PROPN	 Celilo
The Foch Line had two major modifications compared to the June 18 line: first, the entire line was moved west to give extra protection to the strategic Warsaw – Saint Petersburg Railway and second, the Suwałki Region, including the towns of Sejny, Suwałki, Puńsk	Puńsk	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
A passing cold front increased convection further on January 12, which split off a cutoff low pressure area. Two days later, a subtropical disturbance formed offshore Beira, Mozambique, classified due to the extratropical origins and lack of centralized convection. The system remained nearly stationary	stationary	ADJ	,	PUNCT	,
In 1525 Pedro de Alvarado sent a small company to conquer Mixco Viejo (Chinautla Viejo), the capital of the Poqomam. At the Spanish approach, the inhabitants remained enclosed in the fortified city. The Spanish attempted an approach from the west through a narrow pass	pass	NOUN	but	CCONJ	 but
One of his brothers (accounts differ between Abd al Rahman and Abdallah) was left as governor, and orders were given prohibiting any non Muslim access to the city citadel. Ghurak and his retinue left the city and founded a new town, Farankath, further to	to	ADP	the	DET	 the
During the invasion, Sora obtains a weapon called the Keyblade that allows him to fight the Heartless. He soon arrives in another world, Traverse Town, where he meets Donald Duck and Goofy, two emissaries from Disney Castle sent by King Mickey to find the wielder	wielder	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
The exit of the first high speed turn leads directly into a 183 foot tall (56 m) camelback, followed by a 147 foot tall (45 m), 115 degree hammerhead turn. Both of these elements are located above the guest parking lot and in	in	ADP	front	NOUN	 front
" Production was scheduled to commence in late May, but was delayed until early June. A small crew flew to Miami with Hall and, according to producer Sara Colleton, filmed " a lot of pieces — not just Dexter walking in and out of his door	door	NOUN	or	CCONJ	 or
The size of the yolk sac remains mostly constant until around an embryonic length of 40 cm (16 in), whereupon it begins to shrink, mostly or completely disappearing by an embryonic length of 50 cm (20 in). The embryonic growth rate averages 1.4	1.4	NUM	cm	NOUN	 cm
Cyan, Myst and Riven's developer, set down " a certain number of rules " that Ubisoft had to follow, according to Lord, but otherwise the team was free to develop new ideas, keeping in the spirit of Myst lore. Ubisoft's development of	of	ADP	Revelation	PROPN	 Revelation
The strong English team defeated Australia three – two, retrieving the Ashes. Armstrong did not have a good series. He was tormented by Rhodes, who dismissed him eight times in ten meetings for Victoria and Australia that summer. As a result, he was dropped	dropped	VERB	from	ADP	 from
As a result, local citizens decided to change the course of the Colorado River in 1934 to bypass Matagorda Bay into the Gulf of Mexico, the dredging from this project causing the split and forming the isolated East Matagorda Bay. In 1992, the river was diverted	diverted	VERB	back	ADV	 back
" The authorities were very quick to respond to Japan and issued an arrest warrant for the protection of sharks... however, when it comes to a horrible murder of a compassionate conservationist, the government does nothing. " Later in June, Watson announced that his organization	organization	NOUN	's	PART	's
A journalist for The Wichita Eagle wrote that Jackson " shines on the sincere ballads " such as " Cry ", " Heartbreaker " and " Speechless ". Pop music critic Thor Christensen of the Dallas Morning News described the single as being the musician's " latest	latest	ADJ	batch	NOUN	 batch
The Sun's heliopause is estimated at about 100 AU, so the size of this outer shell would be almost fourteen times the size of the Solar System. Betelgeuse is travelling supersonically through the interstellar medium at a speed of 30 km per second (i.e. ~ 6.3	6.3	NUM	AU	PROPN	 AU
The ending, where Alejandro and Eléna are happily married with their infant son, was added three months after filming had ended. On January 24, 2001, Sony Pictures Entertainment filed a lawsuit in United States District Court, Central District of California, Western Division,	,	PUNCT	against	ADP	 against
According to poet Edwin Thumboo, an emeritus professor of the National University of Singapore, Shelley " was a sensitive and acute observer of life. Because he started writing late, the material that generated his fiction was well digested. He brought to bear on it all	all	DET	the	DET	 the
Some items such as the new 3.5 inch rocket were still being carried largely by airlift, 900 of them being scheduled daily for air delivery to Korea during August. The new 5 inch " shaped charge " rockets for Navy fighter planes, developed at the Navy's	's	PART	Inyokern	PROPN	 Inyokern
Both actors and crew slept in the same caravan in which the film was set. Ryder later commented on the extreme cold and the crowded nature of the caravan, which had eight people inside it during filming; he felt that it was " quite hectic but [	[	X	had	AUX	had
Its flow is regulated by the 33 metre tall (108 ft) Scrivener Dam, designed to handle floods that occur once in 5,000 years. In times of drought, water levels can be maintained through the release of water from Googong Dam, located on an upstream	upstream	ADJ	tributary	NOUN	 tributary
Under Yuri Andropov the state security service (in the form of the KGB) regained some of the powers it had enjoyed under Stalin, although there was no return to the purges of the 1930s and 1940s, and Stalin's legacy remained largely discredited among the Soviet	Soviet	ADJ	intelligentsia	NOUN	 intelligentsia
Coolidge was shocked when Oliphant informed him that the British had predicted that only ten kilograms of uranium 235 would be efficient to supply a chain reaction effected by fast moving neutrons. While in America, Oliphant discovered that the chairman of the OSRD S 1 Uranium Committee,	,	PUNCT	Lyman	PROPN	 Lyman
Griffin says that he is " the happiest guy in the world because he's got a girl and is 290 years away from the films of Kevin Smith ". A clip is shown of Madonna celebrating her sixteenth birthday, suggesting she is over 300 years old.	.	PUNCT	During	ADP	 During
Individuals in the northwestern Atlantic population have a larger body size and reach sexual maturation later than those in the Gulf of Mexico population; males in the two populations grow at similar rates, but northwestern Atlantic females grow more slowly than Gulf of Mexico females. In the	the	DET	northwestern	ADJ	 northwestern
Its distribution includes east Asia, Europe, and eastern North America, extending south into Mexico and Central America. A mycorrhizal species, it grows in deciduous and coniferous woodland, often fruiting under beech and oak. Its fruit bodies have convex to flat caps that are	are	AUX	some	DET	 some
She was diagnosed with ADHD, learning disorder, borderline personality disorder and narcissistic personality traits. She was discharged several days early from the Centre for unruly and disruptive behaviour and returned to the New Brunswick Youth Centre (NBYC). Smith was remanded to the NBYC multiple	multiple	ADJ	times	NOUN	 times
The chairs in that set were a problem, as the set designers wanted 24 matching chairs and decided that folding ones wouldn't do. John M. Dwyer sourced them from a local company, but the numbers required meant that they had to be pulled out of showrooms	showrooms	NOUN	from	ADP	 from
One depth charge rail and two throwers were originally fitted, but this was increased to 3 sets of rails and eight throwers while fitting out. The ship's load of depth charges was increased from 20 to 110 as well. Javary was ordered by Brazil on 8	8	NUM	December	PROPN	 December
At the start of the second half Alabama received the kickoff, took possession at its own 19, and started getting the ball to Mark Ingram. On the drive, Ingram was responsible for a 12 yard reception from Greg McElroy and rushes of 4, 12,	,	PUNCT	12	NUM	 12
Eventually the play simply became a version of An Evening with Orson Welles, which would often include a question and answer section with the audience and Welles's solo performance of Moby Dick — Rehearsed or the works of Isak Dinesen. Welles continued to adjust the play throughout	throughout	ADP	its	PRON	 its
The species was first officially described by Swedish botanist Carl Linnaeus in 1758. In the two centuries since then, numerous subspecies have been identified, but later classified as merely regional variants of the same species. Using nuclear and mitochondrial DNA sequence data to explore the phylogenic	phylogenic	ADJ	history	NOUN	 history
In Game 6, Curt Schilling, who tore a tendon sheath in his right ankle during the American League Divisional Series against Anaheim, pitched seven innings of one run ball. 4 innings in and the Yankees had still yet to get a hit off Schilling. Schilling	Schilling	PROPN	's	PART	's
On the date with Ta (" I Enjoy Being a Girl "), Linda lies to Ta about her career and family. Ta, knowing that Chinese Americans with college degrees find it hard to get a job befitting their education, plans to go to law	law	NOUN	school	NOUN	 school
There are also several community operated stations. A DAB + digital radio trial is also currently in operation, it simulcasts some of the AM / FM stations, and also provides several digital only stations (DAB + Trial Listing). Five free to air television stations	stations	NOUN	service	NOUN	 service
While negotiations for the city's surrender took place, Carleton fled down the St. Lawrence River in a small flotilla of ships. The city surrendered on November 13, and Montgomery and his army marched into the city without a shot being fired. On November 19,	,	PUNCT	the	DET	 the
The fifth song and the third single " Missä muruseni on " (Where My Sweetheart Is) was written by Mariska who got the inspiration for the song while reading Indian erotic literature on her balcony on a hot summer's day. The song is a ballad where	where	SCONJ	the	DET	 the
The Americans began to compress the pocket while subjecting it to constant bombardment by artillery, mortars, and aircraft. A gap, however, existed by way of a swampy creek in the southern side of the American lines, which 2 / 164 was supposed to have	have	AUX	closed	VERB	 closed
Although the primary mission of the order was military, relatively few members were combatants. The others acted in support positions to assist the knights and to manage the financial infrastructure. The Templar Order, though its members were sworn to individual poverty, was given control of	of	ADP	wealth	NOUN	 wealth
Before the prime book selling season, their book had sold 250,000 copies in Britain. The book was at one point selling 45,000 copies each week and sold 300,000 copies in just fifteen weeks, eventually making sales worth £8.7 million. Other success with the book includes	includes	VERB	winning	VERB	 winning
The grey currawong is unlikely to be confused with other species apart from other currawongs. It is immediately distinguishable from crows and ravens as they have wholly black plumage, a stockier build and white (rather than yellow) eyes. However, it can be encountered in	in	ADP	mixed	ADJ	 mixed
Out of the three states that the western portion of I 84 passes through, the 119.77 mile long (192.75 km) segment in Utah is the shortest. By comparison, the longest stretch of western I 84 through a single state is the 375.17 mile long (	(	PUNCT	603.78	NUM	603.78
NASA astronaut Rex J. Walheim marched in the parade carrying an American flag and wearing a prototype of NASA's next generation spacesuit. Astronaut Michael L. Gernhardt drove a prototype lunar rover in the parade. In addition to Astronauts Walheim and Gernhardt, the crew of the STS	STS	PROPN	126	NUM	 126
1822), Man and Woman Contemplating the Moon (c. 1833), and Willow Bush under a Setting Sun (c. 1835), are recurring elements of Friedrich's paintings, symbolizing death. Countering the sense of despair are Friedrich's symbols for redemption: the	the	DET	cross	NOUN	 cross
Guest stars in " Skin of Evil " included Walker Boone as Leland T. Lynch, Brad Zerbst as a nurse and Raymond Forchion as Ben Prieto. Even though this episode marked the death of Yar, Crosby would be credited for the remaining three first season episodes.	.	PUNCT	Armus	PROPN	 Armus
Help from above is always welcome, but Emancipation sounds like it just might do fine all on its own. " Jennifer Vineyard of MTV News considered the album's title to be influenced by Janet Jackson's Damita Jo, which was also based on an alternate persona	persona	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
In Gortyn, in Crete, according to a code engraved in stone dating to the 6th century BC, slaves (doulos or oikeus) found themselves in a state of great dependence. Their children belonged to the master. The master was responsible for all their offences	offences	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
Richard Maibaum was once again the scriptwriter for the story, assisted by Michael G. Wilson. According to Wilson, the ideas could have come from anyone as a committee that could include Broccoli, Maibaum, Wilson, Glen and stunt coordinators worked on the outlines. Much	Much	ADJ	of	ADP	 of
In 2013 – 14, a new Seoul based team, Daemyung Sangmu, joined the league, and prior to the 2014 – 15 season a team from Yuzhno Sakhalinsk, HC Sakhalin, was affiliated to the league. Since its foundation in 2004, 14 different clubs	clubs	NOUN	have	AUX	 have
Frank's response was that the additional defaults — 2.2% more of the total portfolio in 2009 than the year before — were worth the economic stabilization of the broader policy, noting " It was an effort to keep prices from falling too fast. " In that	that	DET	context	NOUN	 context
In a little under a month after Boyd had assumed the vice chancellorship, then Georgia Tech president Arthur G. Hansen resigned. Chancellor George L. Simpson appointed Boyd as Acting President of the Georgia Institute of Technology, a post he held from May 1971 to March 1972.	.	PUNCT	Simpson	PROPN	 Simpson
Instead, Hogarth proceeded to create the engravings himself and announced the publication of the prints, along with that of Beer Street and Gin Lane, in the London Evening Post over three days from 14 – 16 February 1751. The prints themselves were published on 21 February	February	PROPN	1751	NUM	 1751
He is a Democrat who represented the state's 6th district, which includes the state's North Shore and Cape Ann. Born and raised in Salem, Massachusetts, Tierney graduated from Salem State College and Suffolk University Law School. He worked in private law and served	served	VERB	on	ADP	 on
Since 1960 technological advances have made it possible to address various weaknesses in SI, notably the dependence on an artifact to define the kilogram. During the early years of the French Revolution, the leaders of the French National Constituent Assembly decided to introduce a completely new system	system	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
He used the work of biosystematists Clausen, Keck, Hiesey, and Turesson to show that it was possible to distinguish between genotypic and phenotypic variation — that is, genetically identical plants could have different phenotypes in different environments. One of the book's most original chapters	chapters	NOUN	used	VERB	 used
Army Chief of Staff, Major General Leonard Wood, took up the matter with Secretary of War Henry L. Stimson, who arranged for MacArthur to be posted to the Office of the Chief of Staff in 1912. On 21 April 1914, President Woodrow Wilson ordered the	the	DET	occupation	NOUN	 occupation
The Care Bears Movie received mixed reviews from the outset; critics raised concern over its potential as a full length advertisement for the title characters, among many other aspects. It went on to earn US $23 million domestically; as Canada's highest grossing film during	during	ADP	1985	NUM	 1985
The episode also acquired a 5.2 rating in the 18 – 49 demographic, beating The Simpsons, The Cleveland Show and American Dad!, in addition to edging out all three shows in total viewership. The episode's ratings were Family Guy's highest since the airing	airing	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
Despite the warlike customs of the Vikings, there was an element of fear surrounding death and what belonged to it. If the deceased was not buried and provided for properly, he might not find peace in the afterlife. The dead person could then visit the bereaved	bereaved	ADJ	as	ADP	 as
Like other species of fairy wrens, splendid fairywrens may use a ' rodent run ' display to distract predators from nests with young birds. While doing this, the head, neck and tail of the bird are lowered, the wings are held out and the feathers	feathers	NOUN	are	AUX	 are
Andrew Mitchell, also from the Corpus Christi Caller Times, called the song " happy " and said that it was " only natural to want to know the meaning of [the song], not just memorize [the] lyrics to sing along. Music can	can	AUX	teach	VERB	 teach
They displaced 27,320 long tons (27,760 t) at standard load and 32,220 long tons (32,740 t) at deep load. While 90 feet (27.4 m) longer than their predecessor, Tiger, they displaced 2,780 long tons (2,820 t) less than the	the	DET	older	ADJ	 older
The road crossed the Vermont Piedmont — rolling hills and valleys with isolated mountains. On June 22 it was reported that Hazen with half his men were within 40 miles (64 km) of St. John's. The regiment was recalled to the New York area in	in	ADP	August	PROPN	 August
After a resting period of 1.3 days, Kepler began a nonstop 33.5 day period in which it observed 150000 targets uninterrupted until June 15, 2009, when the collected data was downloaded and tested for false positives. Kepler 7's candidate was not found to be one	one	NUM	of	ADP	 of
While he enjoyed the tour, Regehr stated that he was not interested in joining the many other NHL players who signed on with European teams during the lockout. He was also critical of the position of the league in the lockout, and took on a greater role	role	NOUN	within	ADP	 within
… What a gift! It's like Siegfried understanding the woodbird. " McMaster resigned in 1991, having led the company to international status, with performances at La Scala, Milan; the Metropolitan Opera, New York; and in Tokyo. One of the last	last	ADJ	legacies	NOUN	 legacies
Bass is also able to double jump (jump a second time in mid air) and dash along the ground. Performing both simultaneously lets him cross great distances by doing a dash jump. The stage structure is different from other games in the series. After the	the	DET	introduction	NOUN	 introduction
After the end of the war, Pillau was ceded to Italy as a war prize in 1920. Renamed Bari, she was commissioned in the Regia Marina (Royal Navy) in January 1924. She was modified and rebuilt several times over the next two decades.	.	PUNCT	In	ADP	 In
Geoffrey Chaucer makes reference to the Serjeants in the Canterbury Tales, writing: A serjeant of the law, ware and wise, That often hadde ben at the parvis, Ther was also, full rich of excellence. Discreet he was and of great reverence, He	He	PRON	sened	VERB	 sened
Its reliance on large animals has been proposed as the cause of its extinction, along with climate change and competition with other species, but the exact cause is unknown. During the 1830s, Danish naturalist Peter Wilhelm Lund and his assistants collected fossils in the calcareous caves	caves	NOUN	near	ADP	 near
The use of zinc white (zinc oxide) as a pigment in oil painting started in the middle of 18th century. It has partly replaced the poisonous lead white and was used by painters such as Böcklin, Van Gogh, Manet, Munch and others. It	It	PRON	is	AUX	 is
In February 2009, Saab submitted a tender for 36 Gripen NGs. On 5 January 2010, reports claimed that the Brazilian Air Force's final evaluation report placed the Gripen ahead of other contenders; the decisive factor was reportedly lower unit cost and operational costs. Amid	Amid	ADP	delays	NOUN	 delays
The painting has created an image of Stańczyk that has become iconic, and has been repeated in other works such as the play Wesele (1901) of Stanisław Wyspiański. Matejko's most famous paintings are usually large, group scenes; individual scenes are less common in	in	ADP	his	PRON	 his
The site is known in oral histories of the Iroquois nations as " A Place of Great Sadness. " The site has been designated as a National Historic Landmark and is marked by a battle monument at the Oriskany Battlefield State Historic Site. In June 1777, the	the	DET	British	PROPN	 British
Surviving a series of dangers, including a near capsizing, the boat reached the southern coast of South Georgia after a voyage lasting 16 days. Shackleton and two companions then crossed the island's mountainous interior to reach a whaling station on the northern side. Here he	he	PRON	was	AUX	 was
None were interested except for a European financing company. McQuarrie and Singer had a difficult time getting the film made because of the non linear story, the large amount of dialogue and the lack of cast attached to the project. Financiers wanted established stars, and offers	offers	VERB	for	ADP	 for
A dozen of the Mount Adams middle school students were accepted into the new program, along with the 140 other fourth through sixth grade pupils selected from schools around the city by audition. By 1974, SCPA had 332 students, with 500 on the waiting list,	,	PUNCT	and	CCONJ	 and
Finishing moves: People's Elbow / Corporate Elbow (Running delayed high impact elbow drop, with theatrics) – usually preceded by a spinebuster; 1997 – present - innovated Rock Bottom (Falling side slam) – 1997 – present Running shoulderbreaker – 1996 Signature moves:	:	PUNCT	Float	VERB	 Float
Tens of thousands of others emigrated to Canada or the United States, finding opportunities there to own and farm their own land. Improvement continued in the nineteenth century. Innovations included the first working reaping machine, developed by Patrick Bell in 1828. His rival James Smith	Smith	PROPN	turned	VERB	 turned
By mid February, unrest spread throughout Syria and the authorities clashed with Syrian protesters in several cities. The commander of the French Army of the Levant declared martial law and forbade public assemblies. Al Bakri was arrested and deported on 11 February. He went on to	to	PART	win	VERB	 win
The 2 / 5th Battalion received the following battle honours for its service during World War II: North Africa, Bardia 1941, Capture of Tobruk, Syria 1941, Merjayun, Damour, Greece 1941, South West Pacific 1942 – 1945, Wau, Bobdubi II,	,	PUNCT	Mubo	PROPN	 Mubo
Glorious was launched on 20 April 1916 and completed on 14 October 1916. During her sea trials in November 1916, Courageous sustained structural damage while running at full speed in a rough head sea and had the damaged areas stiffened shortly afterwards to prevent a recurrence. Glorious	Glorious	ADJ	did	AUX	 did
He said that they think players will feel a connection with Edgeworth and understand his character. As examples of this, Eshiro cited the ability to directly control Edgeworth, and the possibility to see inside his head: the game's logic system was created because the development	development	NOUN	team	NOUN	 team
" Canning rated the episode an 8.4 out of 10. Alan Sepinwall of The Star Ledger said that the episode was " structurally and tonally ", but disliked the way the show featured Jon Hamm, as he believed the show was not giving him enough to do	do	VERB	besides	SCONJ	 besides
The Bourne Free carnival is held in the town each year during the summer. Initially a gay pride festival, it has become a celebration of diversity and inclusion. Since 2008, Bournemouth has held its own air festival over four days in August. This has featured	featured	VERB	displays	NOUN	 displays
He further elaborated that what " ' Hung Up ' amounts to is a big gushy love note to Madonna's core fans, those club kids who pack the floor every time they hear the pounding beats of a Madonna classic and the dj's who can't get	get	VERB	enough	ADJ	 enough
While most stingrays propel themselves by undulating their disc margins, this species swims by oscillating (flapping) its pectoral fins in a manner approaching the " underwater flying " employed by eagle rays. Oscillatory fin motions generate lift, thus improving cruising efficiency in open water at	at	ADP	a	DET	 a
Like other main games in the Dragon Quest series, Yuji Horii wrote the story for Dragon Quest II, Akira Toriyama did the artwork, and Koichi Sugiyama composed the music. Co creator Koichi Nakamura, Chunsoft's president, directed the game and did half of the	the	DET	programming	NOUN	 programming
As the captives were beaten, they were also stripped of their personal belongings, money and jewelry. Over the course of the day, the JNA military police failed to prevent soldiers of the Croatian Serb TO and Serbian paramilitaries from beating the prisoners in the storage building	building	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
A looping 45 minute soundtrack is played throughout the area. A " South Pole " is in the center of the area, and penguin carvings decorate the surrounding walls. The Expedition Cafe, South Pole Beverages and Glacial Collections sell food, drinks and souvenirs. Antarctica	Antarctica	PROPN	:	PUNCT	:
There is the beauty and beast effect when taking this pathway. The creative beauty allows the viewers to see the continued growth of its characters. The beastly aspect of this exploration is the Hollywood exploitation of an almost guaranteed return on its investment with no regard for its	its	PRON	creative	ADJ	 creative
Braithwaite volunteered for the New Zealand Expeditionary Force (NZEF) following the outbreak of the First World War in August 1914. He left for the Middle East as the staff officer responsible for the operational planning of the NZEF. His wife, Gwendolen, whom he married	married	VERB	in	ADP	 in
This was a flat tax, a levy on production with a maximum rate of one percent. Given that the European Community countries are now experiencing the longest period of peace in more than seventy years, this has been described as the cheapest tax for peace in history	history	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
Also, similarly to HRS, pre renal kidney failure causes the formation of urine that has a very low sodium concentration. In contrast to HRS, however, pre renal kidney failure usually responds to treatment with intravenous fluids, resulting in reduction in serum creatinine and increased	increased	VERB	excretion	NOUN	 excretion
In its succeeding week, revenues for Never Let Me Go saw an 117% increase, making about US $241,000, with an average of nearly US $9,500 per theatre. It was the 28th top grossing film at the box office for that week. By	By	ADP	its	PRON	 its
Defending the Ottoman front line against the attacks by the 3rd (Lahore), 7th (Meerut) and 75th Divisions were four divisions of the Ottoman Eighth Army: the 7th, 20th and 46th Infantry Divisions of the Ottoman XXII Corps and the 19th Division of the	the	DET	German	PROPN	 German
With it, he broke Kariya's franchise record of 669. Selänne returned to the Ducks in 2008 – 09 and signed a two year contract. He missed several weeks of the season due to a quad muscle injury suffered when he was cut by his own skate	skate	NOUN	following	VERB	 following
He later banned unauthorised performances of his music, but it remains unclear when he did so; Paul Rapoport has argued that it was probably in 1938 or 1939, but Sorabji's first announcement of it dates from 1944. Although the ban was not legally enforceable,	,	PUNCT	Sorabji	PROPN	 Sorabji
On 30 March 1805, the French Mediterranean Fleet under Vice Admiral Pierre Charles Villeneuve successfully broke out of Toulon harbour, avoiding the British blockade fleet under Vice Admiral Lord Nelson and sailing westwards out of the Mediterranean and into the Atlantic, Nelson following several days behind.	.	PUNCT	Villeneuve	PROPN	 Villeneuve
This convention is entirely a matter of aesthetics and formatting practicality; a rarely used wide formatted periodic table inserts the lanthanide and actinide series in their proper places, as parts of the table's sixth and seventh rows (periods). Like the lanthanides, the actinides	actinides	NOUN	form	VERB	 form
It was important we played our game for 90 minutes. Accordingly, the Germans cut theatrics from their goal celebrations; arms were raised but there was no jumping or screaming after scoring. Coach Joachim Löw stated his team had " a clear, persistent game plan "	"	PUNCT	,	PUNCT	,
In August 1898 a temporary wooden bridge was moved into place alongside the existing bridge, and the demolition of the old bridge began. Sir Alexander Binnie, the resident engineer of the London County Council (LCC), submitted a design for a steel bridge, which	which	PRON	proved	VERB	 proved
Rollins got the win with a backside pin, and Orton completed his face turn by attacking The Authority before being Curb Stomped by Rollins. He was then carried on a stretcher after he sustained a scripted injury so he could start filming The Condemned 2: Desert Prey	Prey	PROPN	.	PUNCT	.
On 29 September 1986, in a case related to custody of a six year old child, the Tribunal de Grande Instance de Besançon left the child with his father (who was not a member of the church) rather than with his mother (then a fervent	fervent	NOUN	member	NOUN	 member
This view was widely promoted in speeches at a number of political picnics, held across Ontario during the summer of 1876. Macdonald's proposals struck a chord with the public, and the Conservatives began to win a string of by elections. By the end of 1876	1876	NUM	,	PUNCT	,
It is a rectangular bicolour with a field unevenly divided into green on the hoist, and red on the fly. The lesser version of the national coat of arms (i.e. armillary sphere and Portuguese shield) is centred over the colour boundary at equal distance from the	the	DET	upper	ADJ	 upper
At Rhodes, however, the Byzantine fleet, encouraged by the soldiers of the Opsician Theme, rebelled, killed their commander John the Deacon and sailed north to Adramyttium. There, they acclaimed a reluctant tax collector, Theodosius, as emperor. Anastasios crossed into Bithynia	Bithynia	PROPN	in	ADP	 in
Whatever was wrong he fought with all his might. " Marlborough School paid tribute to James through a poem by Charles Larcom Graves. One stanza was later quoted in the obituary of James published by The Times: Chamberlain said that James had had a " remarkable scholastic	scholastic	ADJ	career	NOUN	 career
It was not until October 1944, that it became widely accepted to give crews refresher training on new types of aircraft, that this practice became policy. Even so, one conversion course was all that was afforded to any crew. Increasing the training hours from 72	72	NUM	to	PART	 to
Whereas in periods of decreased acetylcholine release the skeletal muscle in the external urethral sphincter relaxes, allowing voiding of the bladder to occur. (Clarification: Unlike the internal sphincter muscle, the external sphincter is made of skeletal muscle, therefore it is under voluntary control of	of	ADP	the	DET	 the
For defense against torpedo boats, the ship carried fourteen QF 57 mm (2.2 in) Hotchkiss guns and eight QF 37 mm (1.5 in) Hotchkiss guns. The ship was also equipped with four 450 mm (17.7 in) torpedo tubes. Carlo Alberto was	was	AUX	protected	VERB	 protected
Spondylus was used in elite rituals, and the effective redistribution of it had political effect in the Andes during the pre Hispanic times. The Silk road was one of the first trade routes to join the Eastern and the Western worlds. According to Vadime Elisseeff (2000	2000	NUM	):	PUNCT	):
For those in Sicily who wanted to change their life for the better in those days, there were only two alternatives: rebel or emigrate. After the failure of the rebellion many peasants had no choice but to vote with their feet and opted for emigration. Others	Others	NOUN	remained	VERB	 remained
For this battle, the British Prime Minister — David Lloyd George — had placed Haig and the BEF under the orders of new French Commander in Chief (Robert Nivelle), who planned a major French Army offensive in Champagne. When the battle officially ended on 16	16	NUM	May	PROPN	 May
[It] feels tailor made for George Clooney, who is very good. But the stakes remain frustratingly low and it's one of those contemporary middlebrow projects that asks us to root for a genial, shallow individual as he learns to be a little less the	the	DET	man	NOUN	 man
" A Rugrats Passover " and " A Rugrats Chanukah " are two of the most popular episodes in the series broadcast run. The Passover special achieved a Nielsen Rating of 3.1 with a 4.8% share of American viewers, making it the sixth most watched American telecast	telecast	NOUN	that	DET	 that
Elsewhere in Guerrero, the coastal highway between Acapulco and Zihuatanejo received heavy damage, which later hampered relief efforts; the highway was a priority for storm repairs, with crews working continuously for several days to restore the vital link. Many deaths were reported in coastal towns	towns	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
In 2012, a better specimen was described, showing that the lower arm was robust, though short, and that the hand contained four metatarsals and four, probably inflexible and very reduced, fingers, with small claws on the second and third finger. The phalanx	phalanx	ADJ	formula	NOUN	 formula
They flew from the aircraft carrier over Afghanistan, but the F1 standard precluded air to ground missions and the Rafale did not see any action. In June 2002, while Charles de Gaulle was in the Arabian Sea, Rafales conducted several patrols near the India Pakistan border	border	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
" 3 " received positive reviews from contemporary music critics. Monica Herrera of Billboard commented that the song " builds to a climax of wildly pulsing bass that summons fans to the dancefloor " and added that " [it] will be another notch in this pop provocateur	provocateur	NOUN	's	PART	's
He earned third place finishes in both the 100 meter dash (10.95 s) and the 200 meter dash (21.90 s) at the 5A state finals. Regarded as a three star recruit by Rivals.com, Lockett was ranked as the No. 16 wide receiver in	in	ADP	the	DET	 the
In 2009 Mehldau began a two year period as curator of London's Wigmore Hall jazz series, which included a performance with von Otter in the second year. In 2009 Mehldau also recorded Highway Rider, an album that combined his usual trio with guest musicians and a	a	DET	28	NUM	 28
Each of the five known manuscript copies of the Gettysburg Address is named for the person who received it from Lincoln. Lincoln gave copies to his private secretaries, John Nicolay and John Hay. Both of these drafts were written around the time of his November 19 address	address	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
The resulting constitution expanded the one term limit that had applied to the governor since 1800 to all statewide elected officials. The legislature and voters adopted a two term limit for such officials in 1992. Despite the General Assembly's offer of $5,000 for information leading to	to	ADP	Tate	PROPN	 Tate
In 1905, the government announced plans to hold an international exhibition to celebrate the Entente cordiale signed by France and Britain in 1904. The location of the Franco British Exhibition's White City site was across Wood Lane from the CLR's depot. To exploit the opportunity	opportunity	NOUN	to	PART	 to
Her motto was " Free to be Faithful ". She entered Georgetown University and earned a doctorate in Biochemistry in 1964. Regarding a harmful side effect of the use of chloroquine in the treatment of malaria, dangerous to the eyes, she co authored The Ocular Deposition	Deposition	PROPN	of	ADP	 of
" Cautious, however, not to attribute the start of gay activism to the Stonewall riots, Nestle writes, I certainly don't see gay and lesbian history starting with Stonewall... and I don't see resistance starting with Stonewall. What I do see is a	a	DET	historical	ADJ	 historical
" At the end of June, the Kinks released the single " Days ", which provided a minor, but only momentary, comeback for the group. " I remember playing it when I was at Fortis Green the first time I had a tape of it	it	PRON	,	PUNCT	,
Demon's Run was filmed in a military base and hangar in Cardiff. Steam was added to the set to give it a more spaceship like feel. The army of clerics was made larger with visual effects. The set used for the chamber Amy was kept in	in	ADP	was	AUX	 was
Grey reef sharks often do so if they are followed or cornered by divers to indicate they perceive a threat. This species has been responsible for a number of attacks on humans, so should be treated with caution, especially if they begin to display. They are	are	AUX	caught	VERB	 caught
Soon thereafter, the Permanent Subcommittee on Investigations of the U.S. Senate Committee on Government Operations, under the leadership of Democratic Senator John L. McClellan (chair of the committee and subcommittee), began holding hearings into labor racketeering. Much of the Permanent Subcommittee's work focused	focused	VERB	on	ADP	 on
The transfer of command took place on 4 November, but Field Marshal Ferdinand Foch's promise to reinforce the existing forces in the area with at least 32 infantry battalions, 20 cavalry squadrons and 14 artillery batteries went unfulfilled. The French units were thus deprived of armored	armored	ADJ	cars	NOUN	 cars
The section of the expressway between the Scajaquada and Harlem Road (NY 240) just outside the city limit is the busiest on all of NY 33, handling in excess of 100,000 vehicles per day in areas. East of NY 198, the road becomes more open	open	ADJ	as	SCONJ	 as
" From the opening games, England followed a strategy of accumulating large totals. For the first Test, to strengthen the team's batting, Chapman and the tour selection committee chose only three specialist bowlers; as the Tests were " timeless " — played to a	a	DET	finish	NOUN	 finish
The Longsight Hotel, built in 1851 and demolished in 1985, was a part of the entrance. The Lake Hotel, built in 1876, had facilities for the free stabling of horses belonging to Belle Vue's visitors. It was extended in 1929 and then again	again	ADV	in	ADP	 in
Lasseter's intention with a sequel was to respect the original film and create that world again. The story originated with him wondering what a toy would find upsetting, how a toy would feel if it were not played with by a child or, worse, a	a	DET	child	NOUN	 child
Today, these paintings are discovered as far away as California. By the latter part of the 19th century, landscape images, such as Mount Washington, had lost their appeal with the public. Newer images, such as those of the Rocky Mountains, were outweighing	outweighing	VERB	interest	NOUN	 interest
However, there is a letter from Cantor's brother Louis to their mother, stating: Mögen wir zehnmal von Juden abstammen und ich i m Princip noch so sehr für Gleichberechtigung der Hebräer sein, i m socialen Leben sind mir Christen lieber... (" Even if	if	SCONJ	we	PRON	 we
Some of his works have, in recent years, been taken up again internationally, but the music continues to be played more in Britain than elsewhere. Elgar has been described as the first composer to take the gramophone seriously. Between 1914 and 1925, he conducted	conducted	VERB	a	DET	 a
However, the medical evidence was not conclusive; Professor Martin Roth observed in evidence that he felt Forbes ' condition was closer to that of a transsexual, and Professor John Strong described the medical tests involved as " not wholly conclusive ". The judge ruled in favour	favour	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
Scribes A and B more often used nomina sacra in contracted forms (ΠΝΕΥΜΑ contracted in all occurrences, ΚΥΡΙΟΣ contracted except in 2 occurrences), scribe D more often used forms uncontracted. D distinguished between sacral and nonsacral using of ΚΥΡΙΟΣ. His errors are the substitution	substitution	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
Myrmecia is one of the best known genera of ants. Myrmecia ants usually display defensive behavior only around their nests, and are more timid while foraging. However, most species are extremely aggressive towards intruders; a few, such as M. tarsata, are timid,	,	PUNCT	and	CCONJ	 and
This means that it was seen by 2.3 percent of all 18- to 49 year olds, and 6 percent of all 18- to 49 year olds watching television at the time of the broadcast. This marked a significant increase, of almost one million viewers, in the	the	DET	ratings	NOUN	 ratings
Working conditions for forced workers in Germany were notoriously poor. Workers were paid little and worked long hours, and those in German towns were particularly vulnerable to Allied aerial bombing. Following the introduction of compulsory deportation 200,000 Belgian workers (dubbed réfractaires) went into hiding for	for	ADP	fear	NOUN	 fear
It was commissioned for St Matthew's Church, Northampton and first performed on 21 September 1946, St Matthew's Day, three days after its composition. It uses a theme from a motet by the Spanish composer Vittoria, both in the prelude (where it is	is	AUX	played	VERB	 played
Visual effects supervisor Matt Johnson added that for the lighting of the digital interior of Cerebro, " keeping with the ' 60s vibe, we put in some old school elements such as lens flare and chromatic aberration and edge fringing. " The aesthetics of the decade were	were	AUX	also	ADV	 also
Pahoehoe lava can sometimes become A ' a lava due to increasing viscosity or increasing rate of shear, but A ' a lava never turns into pahoehoe flow. Hawaiian eruptions are responsible for several unique volcanological objects. Small volcanic particles are carried and formed by the wind	wind	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
In January 1937, Voorhis's first legislative initiative was to propose a dramatic increase in spending for the Works Progress Administration in order to increase employment. While this effort was unsuccessful, Congress, faced with an economic downturn the following year, increased WPA spending beyond the	the	DET	level	NOUN	 level
Selective breeding for traits including an ability to form a cooperative relationship with humans created a horse breed that is good natured, quick to learn, and willing to please. The Arabian also developed the high spirit and alertness needed in a horse used for raiding and war	war	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
His parents were named Edward Murrell and Hannah Murrell, née Dockrell. According to the investigations of the journalist Arthur Morrison, Murrell was the seventh son of a seventh son. After completing school, Murrell entered into an apprenticeship with the surveyor G. Emans, who operated	operated	VERB	from	ADP	 from
The world returns to normal, though the memories of the past year related to the Dark Hour are lost to the members of SEES. However, Aigis and the Protagonist do remember. On Graduation Day, the two go to the roof of the school, where	where	SCONJ	the	DET	 the
For the next two and a half centuries, Io remained an unresolved, 5th magnitude point of light in astronomers ' telescopes. During the 17th century, Io and the other Galilean satellites served a variety of purposes, including early methods to determine longitude, validating Kepler	Kepler	PROPN	's	PART	's
However, Reitz did go to London, and finished his studies successfully. He was called to the bar at Westminster on 11 June 1867. During his time in England Reitz became interested in politics, and regularly attended sessions of the House of Commons. Before returning	returning	VERB	to	ADP	 to
" RPGFan's Ken Chu, despite finding the camera's movement speed awkward and disliking some aspects of the graphics, found the characters " reasonably strong " and generally praised the gameplay. He rounded off the review by saying that, because if its difficulty, it	it	PRON	may	AUX	 may
Shortly after Sinlaku become a typhoon, the JMA estimated it attained peak 10 minute maximum sustained winds of 150 km / h (90 mph). Also on August 31, the JTWC estimated peak 1 minute winds of 205 km / h (125 mph).	.	PUNCT	On	ADP	 On
It was played at the Hubert H. Humphrey Metrodome in Minneapolis, Minnesota, on October 6, 2009. The Twins won the game 6 – 5 in extra innings and advanced to the 2009 AL Division Series where they were swept by the New York Yankees; the	the	DET	Tigers	PROPN	 Tigers
Apache Rifles in 1964 was another formula Murphy western. He stayed at Universal for a few more years, then left to work at Columbia and Allied Artists before making several films in Europe. In 1966, he made Trunk to Cairo in Israel. He felt the	the	DET	film	NOUN	 film
In the latter but not the former case the reference to non charitable activities will deprive the trust of its charitable status. Severance refers to the separation of charitable and non charitable purposes, dividing the funds between them. This allows the charitable element to take effect.	.	PUNCT	This	PRON	 This
There is considerable size variation across the subspecies with a typical specimen measuring about 33 to 39 cm (13 to 15 in) in overall length, with a wingspan of some 80 to 95 cm (31 to 37 in). Adult body mass is also variable	variable	ADJ	with	ADP	 with
John Sartain believed in equal opportunities for women and encouraged his daughter to pursue a career. He mortgaged his house and gave her a " gentleman's education " in fine art by taking her on a Grand Tour of Europe beginning the summer of 1862. They started	started	VERB	in	ADP	 in
An anti Cromwellian pamphlet published in 1660, The English devil, said that the nation had been " compelled to submit to this Tyrant Nol or be cut off by him; nothing but a word and a blow, his Will was his Law; tell him of	of	ADP	Magna	PROPN	 Magna
Chalkwell Coaches also serve Sheerness and the local area, going from Sheerness to Warden Bay via Minster On Sheppey. The A249 road terminates at Sheerness, running from Maidstone via Sittingbourne. The road crosses the M2 motorway near Sittingbourne, and the M20 motorway near Maidstone.	.	PUNCT	Coach	PROPN	 Coach
This placement was not challenged until a 2003 paper by Russian palaeoentomologists G.M. Dlussky and K.S. Perfilieva, who moved the genus again, this time to the primitive Subfamily Myrmeciinae based on the close similarity between Archimyrmex and Prionomyrmex. In 1957, an additional species of fossil ant	ant	NOUN	was	AUX	 was
In December 1915, the much depleted New Zealand and Australian Division was evacuated from Gallipoli, and was placed in reserve near the Suez Canal. Although there were concerns that the Turks might attack the canal, it was envisaged that the division would soon be called upon	upon	SCONJ	to	PART	 to
Maria slipped away from the group with Ivan Skorokhodov for a private moment and they were discovered together in a compromising position when two of his superiors conducted a surprise inspection of the house. Skorokhodov was removed from his position after his actions and friendliness towards the grand duchess	duchess	NOUN	were	AUX	 were
" The combination of the effects of the Holocaust and postwar antisemitism led to a dramatic mass emigration of Polish Jewry in the immediate postwar years. Of the estimated 240,000 Jews in Poland in 1946 (of whom 136,000 were refugees from the Soviet Union, most on their	their	PRON	way	NOUN	 way
Brett Alan Weiss of Allgame and Mike Bevan of Retro Gamer attributed the poor numbers to an industry slump in the mid 1980s. Joust 2 arcade cabinets have since become fairly rare among collectors. Weiss negatively compared the game to its predecessor, calling Joust more popular and	and	CCONJ	enjoyable	ADJ	 enjoyable
In that article titled " On the Relativity Principle and the Conclusions Drawn from It ", he argued that free fall is really inertial motion, and that for a free falling observer the rules of special relativity must apply. This argument is called the equivalence principle.	.	PUNCT	In	ADP	 In
After walking to the B stage in a conveyor belt, Spears puts on a white trench coat and a satin fedora to perform " 3 ". She then goes into " Piece of Me " while floating above the stage in a platform. This is followed by	by	ADP	a	DET	 a
A master backing track with bass, acoustic guitar, and drums was made during that same month, with overdubs following. Dave Davies later claimed that the recording was completed on the day after an intense argument with brother Ray. Also completed that month was " Do	Do	AUX	n't	PART	n't
At the height of World War II, over 40,000 people lived or worked on the island. Beginning in the 1930s, Imperial Japan attempted to expand its territory into China. Opposed to these aggressive actions, the United States, Britain, and the Netherlands froze Japanese	Japanese	ADJ	assets	NOUN	 assets
DY Persei is a variable star that is the prototype of DY Persei variables, which are carbon rich R Coronae Borealis variables that exhibit the variability of asymptotic giant branch stars. DY Persei itself is a carbon star that is too dim to see through binoculars, with	with	ADP	an	DET	 an
The Commandment Keepers believe they are descendants of Solomon and the Queen of Sheba. Matthew taught that " the Black man is a Jew " and " all genuine Jews are Black men ", but he valued non black Jews as those who had preserved Judaism over the	the	DET	centuries	NOUN	 centuries
Apart from a few irregularities, GC can be read equally well in any of those dialects, and several others besides. Qur ' anic Arabic uses a diaphonemic writing system that indicates both the pronunciation in Mecca, the western dialect the Qur ' an was written in	in	ADP	,	PUNCT	,
Miller was prominent with the ball and in the field, taking 5 / 46 and two catches for his fellow bowlers. In reply, Australia were already 184 / 1 at stumps, with Brown heading for a consecutive century. He put on 176 for the second	second	ADJ	wicket	NOUN	 wicket
The album was released in the United States on April 22, 2003 and eight months later, Warner Music France released a box set version containing both the album and the remix collection, Remixed & Revisited, in a cardboard sleeve entitled Édition Spéciale 2CDs: American Life	Life	PROPN	+	CCONJ	 +
White completed his law studies during the French and Indian War. White returned to Virginia in 1765, where he began practicing law and became a prominent lawyer in the Shenandoah Valley region. White served as deputy King's attorney for Frederick County in 1772. He engaged	engaged	VERB	in	ADP	 in
The fact that the novel's title character, the President, is never named gives him a mythological dimension, rather than the personality of a specific Guatemalan dictator. Literary scholar Kevin Bauman notes that readers are not let into the mind of the President; instead his	his	PRON	appearance	NOUN	 appearance
As was standard for capital ships of the period, she carried a pair of 21 inch (533 mm) torpedo tubes, submerged in her hull on the broadside. The main armored belt was 11 in (279 mm) thick, while the armored deck was	was	AUX	1.5	NUM	 1.5
Jardine had a top score of just 38 in the series, but only batted four times and was not out in three of the innings. At the beginning of the following season, Wisden's editor believed that, as Jardine had failed to impress (unspecified)	)	PUNCT	people	NOUN	 people
" Flu Shot " was written by Jon Pollack and directed by Don Scardino. This was Pollack's second writing credit, having written season two episode " Greenzo ". This was Scardino's seventeenth directed episode. " Flu Shot " originally aired on NBC as the	the	DET	eighth	ADJ	 eighth
Pleading with them that they can not just leave him there, Jordan replies to Foster using his own words, " It's already done, " and as he shouts insults at them locks the door, avenges Leah's death and leaves. Screenwriter Richard D '	'	PUNCT	Ovidio	PROPN	 Ovidio
He worked with the service for nearly two years, from November 1945 through July 1947, as a Search Officer in Denmark, Norway, and as a Section Leader in the American Zone of Germany. Brooks and a colleague sailed a fishing smack around Cape Nordkinn in	in	ADP	the	DET	 the
Anyone detect a theme emerging? " Shelley has, however, also deemed Maddy to be one of Holby City's " few really good, realistic, characters ". The 17 November 2006 Children in Need charity telethon included a segment featuring the Holby City cast performing	performing	VERB	a	DET	 a
About two thirds of cases run in families. Changing hormone levels may also play a role, as migraines affect slightly more boys than girls before puberty and two to three times more women than men. The risk of migraines usually decreases during pregnancy. The underlying mechanisms	mechanisms	NOUN	are	AUX	 are
James L. Cheeseman had responded to the 1860 ice famine by moving his ice trading business from the Hudson northwards into Maine, bringing with him the latest technology and techniques; Cheeseman went on to win valuable contracts with the Union Army during the war years. Carré ice	ice	NOUN	machines	NOUN	 machines
He could face a sentence of up to 45 years in prison. The Complaint cites to statements from three " victims " and two " witnesses " as well as a confession by Hsu to an FBI agent. On 27 November 2007, a federal grand jury sitting	sitting	VERB	in	ADP	 in
The revolt was repressed and the Han annexed Dongyue in the last months of 111 BC, conquering the remaining territory of the former Minyue. Sima Qian records that the entire population of Dongyue was exiled, a claim that is implausible. In the 110s BC, Jiushi	Jiushi	PROPN	(	PUNCT	 (
Ikrimah covered the retreat of the Muslims with his four hundred cavalry by attacking the Byzantine front, while the other armies reorganized themselves to counterattack and regain their lost positions. All of Ikrimah's men were either seriously injured or dead that day. Ikrimah, a childhood	childhood	NOUN	friend	NOUN	 friend
Returning again at the end of April 2011, Robson's best performance to date came at the $50,000 tournament at Indian Harbor Beach, Florida, where she reached the semifinal. Robson split from Mouratoglou just before Wimbledon. Robson then won her first match at a	a	DET	Grand	PROPN	 Grand
Hall, who had converted to the Roman Catholic Church in 1912, was devoutly religious. She was also a believer in communication with the dead who had once hoped to become a medium – a fact that brought her into conflict with the church, which condemned spiritualism	spiritualism	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
Originally, the game was known as Populous: The Third Coming, but the name was changed by the time the game was shown in a fully playable beta form in late 1998. The game was the first in the series to be made without Populous creator Peter	Peter	PROPN	Molyneux	PROPN	 Molyneux
The jaguar has an exceptionally powerful bite, even relative to the other big cats. This allows it to pierce the shells of armored reptiles and to employ an unusual killing method: it bites directly through the skull of prey between the ears to deliver a fatal bite	bite	NOUN	to	ADP	 to
The Defense Reorganization Act of 1958 was signed by Eisenhower in August 1958. It increased the authority of the Secretary of Defense, who was authorized to establish such defense agencies as he thought necessary " to provide for more effective, efficient and economical administration and operation "	"	PUNCT	.	PUNCT	.
The court's report found that " [t] he retreat of the Kentucky militia, which, considering their position, the deficiency of their arms, and other causes, may be excusable, " and that the formation of the troops on the west bank was	was	AUX	"	PUNCT	 "
Samuel and his son Gabriel Radomir immediately headed to the east from their headquarters in the Strumitsa fortress to aid their army, but in desperate fighting near the village of Mokrievo (present day Republic of Macedonia) they were overwhelmed by the quickly advancing enemy. Many Bulgarian	Bulgarian	ADJ	soldiers	NOUN	 soldiers
' " The Pentecostal Holiness Church specifically rejects absolute perfection, angelic perfection, and sinless perfection — terms that imply that it is impossible for a sanctified believer to commit sin. As a Pentecostal church, the PHC believes the " baptism with the Holy Ghost and fire	fire	NOUN	is	AUX	 is
Ramírez Treviño and El Gringo vied for the control of the drug trade operations in Reynosa, but the former had taken the overall command of the Gulf Cartel and had committed himself to kill anyone that he considered his enemy, which included El Gringo. In order to	to	PART	put	VERB	 put
After the September 11, 2001 terrorist attacks, government scrutiny of train and airplane passengers substantially increased, but bus passengers are largely free of it. Baggage is seldom inspected, and cash customers do not require identification. Greyhound says that security wands have been deployed on	on	ADP	buses	NOUN	 buses
Humeral vein – The hind wing of most butterflies has the humeral vein, except Lycaenidae There is the enlargement of the humeral area of the hind wing which is overlapped with the fore wing. The humeral vein strengthened the hind wing overlapped area so that the two wings	wings	NOUN	coupling	VERB	 coupling
In October 1840, the first specifically revolutionary secret society of the period was repressed by Prince Ghica. Among those arrested and taken into confinement were the high ranking boyar Mitică Filipescu, the young radical Nicolae Bălcescu, and the much older Dimitrie Macedonski, who had taken	taken	VERB	part	NOUN	 part
Dark of the Moon has been found to contain recycled footage from an earlier film directed by Michael Bay — The Island (2005). Bay similarly recycled footage from his film Pearl Harbor (2001) in the 2007 film Transformers. Filming was temporarily delayed on September	September	PROPN	2	NUM	 2
The freeway circles the western lakehead of Lake Ontario, cutting through Niagara Falls, St. Catharines, Hamilton, Burlington, Oakville and Mississauga en route. A 22 km (14 mi) portion of the freeway is signed concurrently with Highway 403. Unlike other provincial highways	highways	NOUN	in	ADP	 in
Months later, West and fiancée Alexis Phifer ended their engagement and their long term intermittent relationship, which had begun in 2002. The events profoundly affected West, who set off for his 2008 Glow in the Dark Tour shortly thereafter. Purportedly because his emotions could not	not	PART	be	AUX	 be
The Sketch went so far as to claim the rivers of Poyais contained " globules of pure gold ". This was almost all fiction, but MacGregor's calculation that official looking documents and the printed word would convince many people proved correct. The meticulous detail in the	the	DET	leather	NOUN	 leather
The army needed a thorough reorganization with new commanders and fresh troops, but these changes were not made until Grant appeared on the scene in March 1864. " Joseph T. Glatthaar wrote that " Lost opportunities and near successes plagued the Army of Northern Virginia during its Northern	Northern	ADJ	invasion	NOUN	 invasion
The party defeat him and return to Chronopolis. They notice the planet's Gates are closing again, and depart to their homes, promising to stay in touch. Belthasar meanwhile reveals he has the Frozen Flame, which activates and informs him that Lavos is still alive	alive	ADJ	and	CCONJ	 and
The week following the Maryland game, Middle Tennessee nearly upset Kentucky. The Blue Raiders lost that game, 20 – 14, after wide receiver Eldred King caught a 61 yard pass only to be ankle tackled at the Kentucky one yard line as time expired. After	After	ADP	receiving	VERB	 receiving
Harmetz argues that they " brought to a dozen small roles in Casablanca an understanding and a desperation that could never have come from Central Casting ". They were frequently cast as Nazis in war films, even though many were Jewish. The comedian Jack Benny may have	have	AUX	had	VERB	 had
Quenya does not tolerate triconsonantal (or longer) combinations, except c (k), h, g followed by w, or h, t, þ, d followed by y. So, Quenya permits the following 12 triconsonantal groups only: nqu (ñqu)	)	PUNCT	[	X	 [
There are six species, sometimes referred to as " blackfish ", that are dolphins commonly misconceived as whales: the killer whale, the melon headed whale, the pygmy killer whale, the false killer whale, and the two species of pilot whales, all of	of	ADP	which	PRON	 which
He remained a Christian Scientist at least into his twenties when he would teach Sunday School but fifteen years before he died he wrote to a Christian Science church to inform them he was no longer a practicing member. In 1954, while attending Northwestern High School, he	he	PRON	began	VERB	 began
Conversely, he stated that such criticism was unfair because the hardware could not properly emulate the arcade game. Goodman further said that the port is a challenging maze game in its own right, and it would have been a success if fans had not expected to play	play	VERB	a	DET	 a
" Why Don't You Love Me " also made number nine in Rap Up's Best Videos of 2010. In February 2012, Kat George of VH1 placed the video at number one on her list of " The 6 Best Sets of Devastated Raccoon Eyes in Music	Music	PROPN	Video	PROPN	 Video
The episode's title is itself a parody of the famous line " Hell is other people " from Jean Paul Sartre's one act play No Exit, though the episode has no other resemblance to the play. The punishments in Robot Hell are similar to the levels	levels	NOUN	and	CCONJ	 and
GameDaily ranked him sixth on their list of the " Top 25 Gaming Hunks ", stating that while critics described the character as a " jerk ", his character design, notably his scar, made him visually appealing. Arnold Katayev of PSXextreme praised Squall's redesign	redesign	NOUN	in	ADP	 in
For both Gebhard and Ernst, as for the Spanish commanders in the nearby Lowlands, winning the war meant not only mobilizing enough men to encircle a seemingly endless cycle of enemy artillery fortresses, but also maintaining the army one had and defending all one's own possessions	possessions	NOUN	as	SCONJ	 as
She was one of the class of five roughly similar battleships built in the 1890s, including Masséna, Bouvet, Carnot, and Charles Martel; Jauréguiberry and the latter two are sometimes erroneously referenced as a single class. She was named after Admiral Bernard Jauréguiberry. Jauréguiberry	Jauréguiberry	PROPN	was	AUX	 was
After playing in four games for the Sox, his last coming on May 7, Seerey was sent to the Los Angeles Angels of the Pacific Coast League, ending his major league career. He played for four minor league teams in 1949: Los Angeles, the	the	DET	Newark	PROPN	 Newark
Like spot welding, seam welding relies on two electrodes to apply pressure and current to join metal sheets. However, instead of pointed electrodes, wheel shaped electrodes roll along and often feed the workpiece, making it possible to make long continuous welds. In the past	past	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
The remainder was sold to the Connecticut Land Company in 1795. Moses Cleaveland was a surveyor, a lawyer, and one of the company's directors. In 1796, he set out a townsite along Lake Erie, that came to bear his name. In 1830	1830	NUM	,	PUNCT	,
Burton also told Cochran that he needed to repay a disputed debt of $70,000. Finally, Mahaney testified that, on the day he personally paid Burton $500, Burton advised Rialto to destroy its correspondence with him and that two such letters were destroyed. Thereafter	Thereafter	ADV	,	PUNCT	,
Following the kick and a short return, the Hoosiers began work at their 41 yard line. After being stopped for no gain on two consecutive plays, Paci completed a long pass to Tech's 40 yard line for the Hoosiers ' first first down of the second	second	ADJ	half	NOUN	 half
The White Star Line chartered the cable ship Mackay Bennett from Halifax, Nova Scotia to retrieve bodies. Three other ships followed in the search: the cable ship Minia, the lighthouse supply ship Montmagny and the sealing vessel Algerine. Each ship left with embalming supplies,	,	PUNCT	undertakers	NOUN	 undertakers
A less visible duty of the MER was its role in the coordination of Soviet intelligence operations abroad. Exit visas were issued by the federal MER, but also by its all union foreign affairs ministries and by the Ministry of Internal Affairs. The same was true for	for	ADP	the	DET	 the
By 1934, the executive branch consisted of sixty nine boards, commissions, and agencies in addition to the constitutional officers, although the members of these commissions were often the constitutional officers themselves. Governor Ruby Laffoon proposed the Administrative Reorganization Act of 1934 to organize these boards	boards	NOUN	and	CCONJ	 and
On 4 December that year, Parsons heard of President Dwight Eisenhower's " blank wall " directive, blocking Oppenheimer from access to classified material. Parsons became visibly upset, and that night began experiencing severe chest pains. The next morning, he went to Bethesda Naval	Naval	PROPN	Hospital	PROPN	 Hospital
Its broach spire dates from the mid 19th century. The tower was given substantial diagonal buttresses with sandstone quoins. Also at this time, the exterior underwent complete restoration with some rebuilding work. The only other changes made before the 19th century was the addition of a	a	DET	porch	NOUN	 porch
Webster appealed the length of his prison term to the New South Wales Court of Criminal Appeal, where Justices Gleeson, Lee and Allen dismissed his appeal in July 1992. In their view the crime was " so gross that nothing less of a very severe sentence would	would	AUX	accord	VERB	 accord
It is inherited in an autosomal dominant fashion, meaning that a deficiency of 50% of the normal enzyme activity is enough to cause symptoms. As reproductive fitness is not impacted, homozygous affected individuals have been reported. Along with other acute porphyrias HCP demonstrates reduced penetrance	penetrance	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
Selwood attended Catholic College Bendigo and played junior football with the Sandhurst Football Club, until he was chosen to play for the Bendigo Pioneers in the TAC Cup competition throughout 2005. Although his age made him ineligible to enter the 2005 AFL Draft, Selwood's accomplishments during	during	ADP	the	DET	 the
It was later rumoured that a " ghostly nun " could be seen hovering over the place where Thomas had been buried. To the surprise and disappointment of Elliott O'Donnell, there was no sign that her house was haunted, and Guy Logan noted that the " neat	neat	ADJ	and	CCONJ	 and
The campaign ended in success and Hartman was inducted to the Walk of Fame on September 22, 2012, with Paul accepting the award on his late brother's behalf. Hartman was also awarded the Cineplex Legends Award. In June 2013, it was announced that Hartman	Hartman	PROPN	would	AUX	 would
This new station, called Teatralna, would be located in between the Khreshchatyk and Universytet stations, and would serve as a transfer to the future Zoloti Vorota station. Although the Kominternivska station was never built, some of its architectural designs were preserved and used in the	the	DET	creation	NOUN	 creation
". Upon its release, Summer Trip received garnered positive reviews from music critics. Many critics commended the tracks individually for its composition and its song writing. Summer Trip debuted at number six on the Japanese Singles Chart, and sold over 20,000 units. " Lalalalala	Lalalalala	PROPN	"	PUNCT	 "
The expansion and constant growth of the competition led to the decline of the Cup Winners ' Cup, abolished in 1999 and by which point instigated proposals for a European Super League. Arsène Wenger has, on numerous occasions predicted the latter, arguing the pressure of television	television	NOUN	companies	NOUN	 companies
Last Exile was well received in North America, and the series was licensed for the English language by Geneon Entertainment (then Pioneer Entertainment) in June 2003, two months after the first episode aired in Japan. Funimation Entertainment began licensing the series after Geneon ceased production	production	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
" Aside from several televised performances, Carey included " Fly Like a Bird " on the set lists of all her tours following its release. During Carey's The Adventures of Mimi Tour (2006) stop at Madison Square Garden, the song was dedicated to Ol	Ol	PROPN	'	PUNCT	 '
Thomas Dadford was asked to survey a course, and he was assisted by his father and brother. He proposed a route which required 22 locks, part of which was a conventional canal, while other parts used the River Neath. Dadford costed the project at £	£	SYM	25,716	NUM	25,716
In " The Curse of Mr. Bean " and " Mr. Bean Goes to Town ", the character is simply credited as " the girlfriend ". She is treated relatively inconsiderately by Bean, who appears to regard her more as a friend and companion than as a	a	DET	love	NOUN	 love
Accompanied by an orchestral synth, string and brass instrumental, Alex Camp of Slant Magazine described " Infinity " as a " welcome throwback to Mariah's early ballads ". Andrew Unterberger of Spin likened the intro to the work of Just Blaze, and finishes the song	song	NOUN	with	ADP	 with
As a reward for his role, the Emperor granted Honório Hermeto the title of Visconde de Paraná (Viscount of Paraná) in July 1852. The title was derived from the Paraná River, a tributary of the Río de la Plata, upon which free passage rights	rights	NOUN	for	ADP	 for
NBC's Mike Halford echoed Campbell's statement when discussing the benching of Semin, commenting that it was a " bold move " and the latest in a series of messages sent by Boudreau. Halford further questioned if the new stance would eventually cost Boudreau his job.	.	PUNCT	The	DET	 The
Jamaica spent the late 1940s in the Far East and on the North America and West Indies Station. When the Korean War began in 1950 she was ordered, in cooperation with the United States Navy, to bombard North Korean troops as they advanced down the eastern coast	coast	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
Robert Payne rejects the idea of any satiric content; he notes that satire began in The Double. A similar view was held by Belinsky, who also stated that " Dostoyevsky's talent is... not descriptive, but to the highest degree creative. " Victor Terras	Terras	PROPN	thought	VERB	 thought
Other accomplishments during Brittain's administration included a doubling of Georgia Tech's enrollment, the first ROTC unit in the Southern United States, accreditation for the Institute by the Southern Association of Colleges and Secondary Schools, and the creation of a new ceramic engineering department, building	building	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
There are other types of ambulance, with the most common being the patient transport ambulance (sometimes called an ambulette). These vehicles are not usually (although there are exceptions) equipped with life support equipment, and are usually crewed by staff with fewer qualifications than	than	ADP	the	DET	 the
A notable feature of the party was its thousands of gold and black helium balloons which reportedly took three days to inflate, and a grand firework display at the end which was reported to have been seen on Majorca. 350 bottles of Moet & Chandon champagne, and	and	CCONJ	a	DET	 a
" The Aria of the Soul " would become a mainstay in future Persona titles. For the PSP re release, Meguro composed new music alongside remixing original tracks. While he kept the original atmosphere, he also used the experience and musical techniques gained from his work	work	NOUN	on	ADP	 on
It was only a matter of design, development, and arrangements for manufacture. " The first heavy wooden prototype was made in 1941 by Jasper Maskelyne, who gave it the name Sunshield. 12 men were needed to lift it, and it disintegrated on its first	first	ADJ	trial	NOUN	 trial
At the 2011 Gold Cup, El Salvador was drawn into a group with Costa Rica, Cuba, and powerhouses Mexico. Despite losing 5 – 0 to Mexico, a dramatic 1 – 1 draw with Costa Rica (where Rodolfo Zelaya scored a 25 yard free kick	kick	NOUN	opener	NOUN	 opener
Two of these hands (usually the left) are holding a sword and a severed head. The sword signifies divine knowledge and the human head signifies human ego which must be slain by divine knowledge in order to attain moksha. The other two hands (usually the	the	DET	right	NOUN	 right
Similar to the Experimental College, the Integrated Liberal Studies started in the late 1940s was a great books, liberal arts, tutorial curriculum. It was developed in part by Agard, the Classics professor and former Experimental College adviser. An English professor described ILS's ambience	ambience	NOUN	as	ADP	 as
The increasing ferocity of those Israeli reprisals directed at Jordanians (not Palestinians) for fedayeen raids into Israel became a growing cause of concern for the Jordanian authorities. One such Israeli reprisal was in the Jordanian town of Karameh, home to the headquarters of an emerging fedayeen	fedayeen	NUM	group	NOUN	 group
" Seth Gabel was also happy with Wyman's direction, as the two were able to discuss themes in the script as well as how Wyman planned to shoot certain scenes. Gabel remarked that the director " wanted to do this fun thing that actually related to Lincoln	Lincoln	PROPN	's	PART	's
The house was insured in 1857 for £10,000 (£900 thousand today); the contents at that time included books and wines (insured for £2,250), mathematical and musical instruments (£250), and pictures (£1,000). The art	art	NOUN	collection	NOUN	 collection
Following a nearby earthquake and the discovery of a seismic fault that underlay the dam site, work on the project was halted for fears that the dam's design would not allow it to survive a major quake on the same fault zone. Although the dam was redesigned	redesigned	VERB	and	CCONJ	 and
The music video for the song premièred on August 26, 2010 on Vevo, and was directed by Hiro Murai. The video begins in a club environment, with misplaced furniture and a shattered glass bottle. The scene goes in reverse motion, people instantly appear,	,	PUNCT	frozen	VERB	 frozen
Also aboard her were Major General Julian C. Smith, commander of 2nd Marine Division, General " Howling Mad " Smith, commander of the Marine landing forces, and Colonel Evans Carlson, commander of Carlson's Raiders. Maryland returned to Efate Island staging area, where	where	SCONJ	she	PRON	 she
As of 2008, there were a total of 28 notified slums, with 12,275 comprising 19.97% of the total population residing in those. Mannargudi has three prominent Hindu temples, namely, Jayamgondanatha temple, Rajathi Rajeswara temple and Raja Gopalaswamy temple. Rajagopalaswamy temple is the	the	DET	most	ADV	 most
By tradition, Welsh Law was compiled during an assembly held at Whitland circa 930 by Hywel Dda, king of most of Wales between 942 and his death in 950. The ' law of Hywel Dda ' (Welsh: Cyfraith Hywel), as it became known	known	VERB	,	PUNCT	,
Shortly thereafter, a Hurricane Hunter aircraft measured winds of 130 km / h (80 mph). Early on August 29, the JMA estimated that Faye attained winds of 105 km / h (65 mph), its secondary peak intensity. At 1500 UTC,	,	PUNCT	the	DET	 the
This artistic censorship, which ultimately came from Stalin personally, was to some degree prevalent over the whole Eastern bloc, and was reinforced by the 1948 Zhdanov decree. By 1948, the ZKP was taken over by musicians willing to follow the party line on musical matters	matters	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
He is then seen strangely happy, and in full colour, leaving the street. Sednaoui operated the camera for the whole shoot. To capture the victim's struggle, Sednaoui positioned the camera at ground level facing upwards towards Garbage, who were standing on a rotating	rotating	VERB	platform	NOUN	 platform
The game uses a free to play gaming model: while the game can be downloaded and played for free, players have the option of spending money on in game items. The characters ' base is a room in a small village: in the room, players	players	NOUN	can	AUX	 can
College Hall contained classrooms, offices, laboratories, a library / museum, and a multifunctional lecture hall / chapel. It was also one of the first buildings in America to be used for the teaching of scientific agriculture. Since the college was founded in a sparsely	sparsely	ADV	populated	ADJ	 populated
After the album's release drummer Snowy Shaw was replaced by Bjarne T. Holm for the Time Tour. Holm had originally been asked to join Mercyful Fate back in 1981, but had declined due to prior commitments. The band spent January through February 1996 recording and mixing	mixing	VERB	the	DET	 the
Throughout the game, the player can procure various weapons, including melee weapons, pistols, shotguns, and alien weapons. Non melee weapons degrade with use and will break if they are not regularly repaired with maintenance tools. There are a variety of ammunition types,	,	PUNCT	each	PRON	 each
It was given this status on 30 January 1968 and has been listed because it is considered to be " a good essay in a simple Romanesque revival style ". Cadw (the Welsh Government body responsible for the built heritage of Wales and the inclusion of Welsh buildings	buildings	NOUN	on	ADP	 on
It was founded around 2000 by Laurent Amouric and Maxime Allorge. Most of its nine lemur species are free ranging within the park, which also contains more than 70 of Madagascar's endemic plant species. The park is open to the public, offering guided tours as	as	ADV	well	ADV	 well
Although the skirmish had little military significance, it marked a clear break between the colonists and the Mexican government and is considered to have been the start of the Texas Revolution. News of the skirmish spread throughout the United States, where it was often referred to as	as	ADP	the	DET	 the
Born at Saint Swithun's Priory on 20 September 1486 at about 1 am, Arthur was Henry and Elizabeth's eldest child. Arthur's birth was anticipated by French and Italian humanists eager for the start of a " Virgilian golden age ". Sir Francis Bacon wrote	wrote	VERB	that	SCONJ	 that
The scenes in the synagogue were actually filmed at Shaughnessy Heights United Church. The church was chosen because it possessed a " gothic interior " and " stained glass windows " that " resembled many New York synagogues ". The church was booked for two weeks so that	that	SCONJ	the	DET	 the
König named the disease " osteochondritis dissecans ", describing it as a subchondral inflammatory process of the knee, resulting in a loose fragment of cartilage from the femoral condyle. In 1922, Kappis described this process in the ankle joint. On review of all literature describing	describing	VERB	transchondral	ADJ	 transchondral
When faced with a court order to finally begin desegregation in 1959 the county board of supervisors stopped appropriating money for public schools, which remained closed for five years, from 1959 to 1964. White students in the county were given assistance to attend white only " private	private	ADJ	academies	NOUN	 academies
This initiated the new field of comparative morphology which, largely through the combined work of William Farlow (1844 – 1919), Nathanael Pringsheim (1823 – 1894), Frederick Bower, Eduard Strasburger and others, established that an " alternation of generations " occurs throughout	throughout	ADP	the	DET	 the
In former times, up to about the early 20th century, it was more likely that the reverse analogy would be used; mechanical analogies were formed of the then little understood electrical phenomena. Electrical systems are commonly described by means of a circuit diagram. These are	are	AUX	network	NOUN	 network
Green was initially held in a Missouri jail, then extradited to Johnson County Adult Detention Center in Kansas, on $3,000,000 bond, the highest bail ever asked for in Johnson County. A pretrial show cause hearing in the Green case began in January 1996, with	with	ADP	Green	PROPN	 Green
Consequently, the economy grew at an average annual rate of seven per cent throughout his presidency. Under his administration, hundreds of kilometers of roads were paved in formerly isolated rural areas. Dramatic improvements in education and health were also achieved under his administration. During Ravalomanana	Ravalomanana	PROPN	's	PART	's
Although this document can be considered separate, it formally is part of the Social Contract. The Debian Constitution describes the organizational structure for formal decision making within the project, and enumerates the powers and responsibilities of the Project Leader, the Secretary and other roles. Debian	Debian	ADJ	developers	NOUN	 developers
In 2001, John Young in Hike Pennsylvania: An Atlas of Pennsylvania's Greatest Hiking Adventures wrote of the Falls Trail: " This is not only the most magnificent hike in the state, but it ranks up there with the top hikes in the East. "	"	PUNCT	In	ADP	 In
Clark's ultimate goal during the Revolutionary War was to seize British held Detroit, but he could never recruit enough men to make the attempt. The Kentucky militiamen generally preferred to defend their homes by staying closer to Kentucky rather than making a long and potentially perilous expedition	expedition	NOUN	to	ADP	 to
Alvarado was ultimately to prove successful. In Montejo the Elder's absence, first in central Mexico, and then in Honduras, Montejo the Younger acted as lieutenant governor and captain general in Tabasco. The Franciscan friar Jacobo de Testera arrived in Champoton in 1535 to attempt	attempt	VERB	the	DET	 the
Mu Mu and one of the bikers (John Amos) are killed. After his escape from the bikers ' hangout, a white man sympathetic to Sweetback's cause agrees to switch clothes with him, allowing the usually velour clad Sweetback to blend in. The police	police	NOUN	find	VERB	 find
The International Crane Foundation, a conservation organisation located in Baraboo, Wisconsin, began a captive breeding programme with three pairs of wild brolga captured in Australia in 1972. In 1984 they imported twelve fertile eggs for further breeding. When first described by the naturalist George Perry	Perry	PROPN	in	ADP	 in
Both players share a score, rock meter, star power meter, and streak multiplier. Cooperative mode is the only multiplayer mode in which a song can be failed. Star power can only be activated by both players simultaneously. Face Off This is the same multiplayer	multiplayer	NOUN	mode	NOUN	 mode
Floodlights allow athletics events to be held at night. The inner track area, which is floodlit, is an IAAF standard sized grass surface used for athletics field events, rugby and football. When used for the latter, the pitch dimensions are 100 by 64 metres	metres	NOUN	(	PUNCT	 (
His slogan was " taking on the challenge ". Reinfeldt immediately requested the European Union to do more to combat climate change. Days earlier, he had been interviewed by Reuters and said he spoke of his worry about increased European public debt. He spoke of his	his	PRON	wish	NOUN	 wish
" Full Measure " ended with Jesse's pulling a gun on Gale and firing directly into the screen, with Gale's death not visibly revealed on screen. This led to wide speculation among fans and reviewers that Jesse did not actually kill Gale, but rather aimed	aimed	VERB	away	ADV	 away
In February, Tim Robbins joined the cast as Senator Hammond. The following month, New Zealanders Temuera Morrison and Taika Waititi had joined the cast as Abin Sur and Tom Kalmaku, respectively. With a production budget of $200 million, Green Lantern was initially scheduled	scheduled	VERB	to	PART	 to
His various best jumps were Canadian records from 1916 to 1932. During the 1925 Winter Carnival Tournament, Nelsen, sick with influenza, set a world record at the Big Hill. Jumping 73 meters (240 ft), the record remained until it was broken by	by	ADP	Adolph	PROPN	 Adolph
He graduated in 1986 with a degree in psychology. Fuller was later inducted into UNC's sports hall of fame, and selected as a member of the ACC's 50th Anniversary Football Team in 2002. Fuller was selected by the Philadelphia Stars of the USFL in the	the	DET	1984	NUM	 1984
The tour name is a nod to the difficult economic situation that Russia was facing at the time. Limp Bizkit was leading ShipRocked 2015 cruise from February 2 to 6. Other bands present were Chevelle, Black Label Society, P.O.D., Sevendust among others. But some	some	DET	days	NOUN	 days
The reviews of Bigipedia have been mainly positive. Before the series began, Scott Matthewman in The Stage compared Bigipedia to The Sunday Format, saying: " Indeed, the comparison even makes it into the BBC's own press notes. Will this version, which takes	takes	VERB	the	DET	 the
Techniques to gather this data include surveys, in depth interviews, diaries, and participant observation. Proponents of time use diaries believe that this method " generate [s] more detailed information and tend [s] to capture greater variation than predetermined questions. " However	However	ADV	,	PUNCT	,
Originally, ketchup in the United Kingdom was prepared with mushrooms as a primary ingredient, instead of tomato, the main ingredient in contemporary preparations. Historical preparations involved packing whole mushrooms into containers with salt. It is used as a condiment and may be used as an	an	DET	ingredient	NOUN	 ingredient
" This statement was in line with the Retroversion of the sovereignty to the people, a political concept formulated by Castelli, stating that in the absence of the rightful governor the sovereignty returned to the peoples, who had then the power to give it to someone else	else	ADV	.	PUNCT	.
The character of Walter goes through much development during the first season. Stuart believed that he changes the most out of the main cast, and his return to St. Claire's reflects this progression. Actor John Noble explained his character's evolution in a November 2008 interview	interview	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
The city and suburbs are relatively easy to negotiate by car. Kuala Terengganu is connected to other towns via a good network of roads that are accessible from many major towns and cities in Peninsula Malaysia. The East Coast Expressway (LPT) E8, which starts from	from	ADP	Gombak	PROPN	 Gombak
The highway was extended south to MD 333 in 1966. The remainder of the highway south to US 50 was completed in 1970. The MD 322 designation was originally applied to the southern part of the parkway as well as Bay Street. MD 33 and MD 322	322	NUM	were	AUX	 were
The Turkish force, now back in control of the northern river bank, made no attempt to force a crossing. Despite the nature of the battle, with the regiment withdrawing in daylight, their casualties were again rather light at two dead and four wounded. The	The	DET	British	PROPN	 British
Mills explained, " After you've made three records and you've written several songs and they've gotten better and better lyrically the next step would be to have somebody question you and say, are you saying anything? And Michael had the confidence at that point	point	NOUN	to	PART	 to
They sent the Phoenician ships away (Herodotus does not explain why), and then sailed to the shore near Mount Mycale. Xerxes had left an army there, under the command of Tigranes, to guard Ionia. The Persians beached their ships, built a palisade	palisade	NOUN	around	ADP	 around
My Bloody Valentine are known for their " legendarily high " volume concerts, and Sunn O))) are described as surpassing them. The sound levels at Sunn O))) concerts are intentionally loud enough that they are noted for having physical effects on their	their	PRON	audience	NOUN	 audience
Booth Clarke's memoir was published after her death. Terry Alford, a college history professor and a leading authority on Booth's life, has stated, " Asia Booth Clarke's memoir of her brother John Wilkes Booth has been recognized as the single most important document	document	NOUN	available	ADJ	 available
A radial fanlight filled the lunette above the transom. In each of the spandrels to the left and right of the arch, Dance set a carving of a lyre inside a ribboned wreath. Above all this ran a panelled band course dividing the lower storey from the	the	DET	upper	ADJ	 upper
In conjunction, the Queensland Flood Warning Centre initiated flood warnings along the Tully, Herbert, Bulloo, Barcoo, Thomson, Diamantina, and Cooper waterways. The BoM also imposed a gale warning stretching from Cooktown to Cardwell, accompanied a strong wind warning between Cape Melville	Melville	PROPN	and	CCONJ	 and
Because of its low mass, the interior of the star is completely convective, causing energy to be transferred to the exterior by the physical movement of plasma rather than through radiative processes. This convection means that the helium ash left over from the thermonuclear fusion of hydrogen	hydrogen	NOUN	does	AUX	 does
After Garrett escapes the mansion, he seeks help from the Order of the Hammer. However, he finds that the Trickster has attacked the Hammerite temple. In a refuge beneath the temple, he finds Hammerite survivors who provide him with a booby trapped replica of The	The	DET	Eye	PROPN	 Eye
During their meeting, an agreement was concluded to launch a propaganda campaign funded by the Turks against the French occupation. The campaign began in Aleppo in December 1920. Although an urban revolt in Aleppo did not take place in the aftermath of the city's occupation by	by	ADP	French	ADJ	 French
" Escape from the Citadel " featured the introduction of Finn's father, Martin is voiced by Stephen Root. Root had previously voiced the characters Grimby and the Royal Tart Toter in the second season episode " The Other Tarts ". Ethan Maher voiced the baby version	version	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
Jackson's clothes, a black leather suit with a pink shirt and a red bow tie, were copied by children around the US. Imitation became so severe that, despite pupil protests, Bound Brook High School banned students from wearing a single white glove like Jackson	Jackson	PROPN	had	VERB	 had
The virulent text notably accused the church officials of being his enemies on account of his " independence, sincerity, honesty " in supporting the cause of " human dignity ". After the gesture of defiance, the court recommended his defrocking, its decision being soon after	after	SCONJ	confirmed	VERB	 confirmed
The next morning at 08: 30 they arrived at Deir El Belah, where the division was now located. Casualties during the battle had again been rather light, at one dead and nineteen wounded. They had captured 197 prisoners, as well as the guns and	and	CCONJ	field	NOUN	 field
I think we would have expected a lot of drama, and the truth is, she is probably the most down to earth person. It was endearing. She was friendly and kind.... I think, for us, we're so excited to have someone of	of	ADP	her	PRON	 her
In December 1939, Turing solved the essential part of the naval indicator system, which was more complex than the indicator systems used by the other services. That same night, he also conceived of the idea of Banburismus, a sequential statistical technique (what Abraham Wald	Wald	PROPN	later	ADV	 later
' God, you must be a couple of pansies, ' said Thesiger. " Outside magazine includes A Short Walk among its " 25 essential books for the well read explorer ". Margalit Fox, writing Newby's obituary in the New York Times, notes that	that	SCONJ	the	DET	 the
In December 2005, Madonna told Rolling Stone: [My relationship with Guy] came off as peculiar [in the documentary]. Not a typical relationship. A lot of macho men see the movie and like Guy's character, because he doesn't give me	me	PRON	any	DET	 any
He scored 1,535 runs at an average of 35.69, with a century and 11 fifties, and took 101 wickets at an average of 23.22. These performances were good enough to earn him selection for the Players against the Gentlemen in the prestigious matches at The Oval and	and	CCONJ	Lord	PROPN	 Lord
Some, like Mayall, continued to play a " pure " form of the blues, but largely outside of mainstream notice. The structure of clubs, venues and festivals that had grown up in the late 1950s and early 1960s in Britain virtually disappeared in the 1970s	1970s	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
She was met two days later by the schooner Yankton, which took the admiral to a hospital. Connecticut traveled back south to rejoin the fleet, and Rear Admiral Charles M. Thomas took Evans's place on Connecticut as the commander of the fleet, which continued its	its	PRON	journey	NOUN	 journey
" The cathedral's external appearance has been described as " austere ", " ascetic ", " unostentatious ", and as " a massive cube surmounted by a faceted cone on a simple cylinder. " Robert H. Hewsen writes that it is " neither the largest	largest	ADJ	nor	CCONJ	 nor
We want to keep control of the whole mad thing. " However, the extent that Ignition were willing to go to control access to the album generated more hype than could normally have been expected, and served to alienate members of both the print and broadcast media	media	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
In addition to this marginal science fiction magazine, in 1937 the Goodmans began publishing several " weird menace " pulps. These were a genre of pulp magazine known for incorporating " sex and sadism ", with story lines that placed women in danger, usually because of	of	ADP	a	DET	 a
In December 2005, Buena left the Sugababes due to " personal reasons ", and was replaced by Amelle Berrabah in the same month. Some tracks on Taller in More Ways were subsequently re recorded to feature Berrabah's vocals in replacement of Buena's; these included	included	VERB	"	PUNCT	 "
The National Theatre's largest auditorium is named in his honour, and he is commemorated in the Laurence Olivier Awards, given annually by the Society of London Theatre. He was married three times, to the actresses Jill Esmond from 1930 to 1940, Vivien Leigh from	from	ADP	1940	NUM	 1940
Despite dominion secretary Edward Randolph's repeated attempts to stop him (including pressing criminal charges), Mather was clandestinely spirited aboard a ship bound for England in April 1688. He and other Massachusetts agents were received by James, who promised in October 1688 that the colony	colony	NOUN	's	PART	's
" Park Safety " was written by Aisha Muharrar and directed by Michael Trim. It featured a guest appearance by comedian Andy Samberg as Carl, the park ranger. Samberg and Parks and Recreation star Amy Poehler previously appeared together as regular cast members in the NBC sketch	sketch	NOUN	comedy	NOUN	 comedy
It is closely related to the Inuit languages in Canada such as Inuktitut. The main variety, Kalaallisut or West Greenlandic, has been the official language of the Greenlandic autonomous territory since June 2009; this is a move by the Naalakkersuisut (government of Greenland) to	to	PART	strengthen	VERB	 strengthen
So I kind of like to keep it open for people's imaginations. It evokes something different depending on who listens to it and at what time. " Don't Forget About Us " could give you a good, happy memory, or you could be miserable	miserable	ADJ	,	PUNCT	,
" I would love that. Let him try it, " he said — " It would give me the chance to tell the world the truth about this gangster... I will give him the date and time of arrival of my plane so he can meet me	me	PRON	at	ADP	 at
He was deposed and executed by the Ottoman authorities in 1663, after which his brother Musa Pasha was appointed to the post, serving the office until 1679. The last Ridwan governor of Gaza was Musa Pasha's son Ahmad Pasha whose governorship ended in 1690. The	The	DET	Ridwan	PROPN	 Ridwan
Though the program received widespread support in Congress, Treasury officials opposed it. In a letter, Treasury secretary W. Michael Blumenthal wrote, " I do not believe the U.S. Government should permit the erroneous impression to be created that it can not or will not take the	the	DET	necessary	ADJ	 necessary
Obergefreiter Hans Küsters of II. / StG 2 was also killed. A further I. / StG 1 Ju 87 returned badly damaged with a dead gunner. Frustrated at exhausting his ammunition he landed. After the Hurricanes had been refuelled he was scrambled again to intercept an	an	DET	enemy	NOUN	 enemy
Morris was worried about edging the ball to the slips cordon and had become fidgety and shuffled across the crease. After being rested for the eight wicket win over Hampshire, Morris rectified his technical problem, and success followed against Sussex. After the hosts had been rolled	rolled	VERB	for	ADP	 for
" He regularly paid the Ottoman authorities their financial dues, ensuring a degree of stability in his relationship with the sultanate. When Zahir conquered Acre, he transformed it from a decaying village into a fortified market hub for Palestinian products, including silk, wheat, olive	olive	ADJ	oil	NOUN	 oil
Later in the war, they took part in the seizure of Rhodes and the Dodecanese. Italy initially remained neutral during World War I, but by 1915, had been convinced by the Triple Entente to enter the war against Germany and Austria Hungary. Both the Italians	Italians	PROPN	and	CCONJ	 and
The plan was for the island to be attacked from two directions, with the Commandos coming by sea and the Canadian 2nd Division and the 52nd (Lowland) Division attacking across the causeway. No. 4 Commando landed at Flushing and No. 41 and 48 at	at	ADP	Westkapelle	PROPN	 Westkapelle
It is protected under UK law as a Grade II listed building and as a Scheduled Monument. Sutton Valence Castle occupied a spur of the Chart Hills, adjacent to the village of Sutton Valence, and probably comprised an inner and an outer bailey and a protective barbican	barbican	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
The dinosaur scenes are reminiscent of Jurassic Park, and the floor morphing into a television screen is a reference to similar scenes in both Terminator 2: Judgment Day and Time Bandits. The title of the third segment Nightmare Cafeteria, is a reference to the television series	series	NOUN	Nightmare	PROPN	 Nightmare
Ford said he was motivated to form the caucus after seeing the work done by Mississippi Representative Sonny Montgomery with the National Guard Association and the National Guard Bureau. Ford co chaired the caucus with Bond until Ford's retirement from the Senate in 1999. The Kentucky Army	Army	PROPN	Guard	PROPN	 Guard
Zeno's paradoxes, particularly the paradox of the runner, are reminiscent of the apparent paradox that 0.999 … and 1 are equal. The runner paradox can be mathematically modelled and then, like 0.999 …, resolved using a geometric series. However, it is not	not	PART	clear	ADJ	 clear
In some cases, limbs had to be amputated without anesthetics (avoided because of its potential to cause a deadly coma) in order to free those trapped under rubble. Periodically the scene had to be evacuated after police received tips claiming that other bombs had been planted	planted	VERB	in	ADP	 in
In March 2012, Retro Gamer listed the hamster incident as one of the " 100 Classic Gaming Moments ". Maniac Mansion enthusiasts have drawn fan art of its characters, participated in tentacle themed cosplay and produced a trailer for a fictitious film adaptation of the game.	.	PUNCT	German	ADJ	 German
Different lighting schemes were used to simulate different decks of the ship with the same length of corridor. Aluminum panels on the walls outside Kirk's and Ilia's quarters were covered with an orange ultrasuede to represent the living area of the ship. The transporter had originally	originally	ADV	been	AUX	 been
With colleague Vin Moore, Smith directed actor Oliver Hardy in the 1920 film Distilled Love. Smith directed the Marx Brothers in 1921 in their first film, titled Humor Risk, which has since been lost. In 1925, Smith's directing work included films starring Bert	Bert	PROPN	Roach	PROPN	 Roach
Operation Commando finally ended on 15 October with the US I Corps having successfully seized the Jamestown Line and destroying elements of the 42nd, 47th, 64th and 65th Chinese Armies. Chinese losses were estimated at 21,000 casualties, while UN losses were 4,000 — the majority of	of	ADP	them	PRON	 them
Candy company Haribo released a raspberry flavored gummy bear sweet called Cuddly Knut beginning in April 2007. They pledged to donate ten cents to the zoo for every tub of Knut sweets it sold. The gummy bears sold so well that the Bonn based company had to expand	expand	VERB	production	NOUN	 production
Wet and windy weather was seen across the region during the day, with a wintry mix of precipitation falling across northern sections of Britain. Within the area of wintry mix, the wind combined with the ongoing snowfall led to blizzards across most of Scotland. Precipitation became	became	VERB	more	ADV	 more
Once relentlessly hunted by commercial industries for these products, cetaceans are now protected by international law. However, the North Atlantic right whale is ranked critically endangered by the International Union for Conservation of Nature. Besides hunting, baleen whales also face threats from marine pollution and	and	CCONJ	ocean	NOUN	 ocean
The Dal Sasso et al. estimates were criticized because the skull length estimate was uncertain, and (assuming that body mass increases as the cube of body length) scaling Suchomimus which was 11 meters (36 ft) long and 3.8 tonnes (4.2 short tons)	)	PUNCT	in	ADP	 in
On June 3, 2016, the film was made available for free in the United States on YouTube by Paramount Studios. The film took the number one spot at the weekend box office in North America, garnering ticket sales of $7.5 million from 1,052 screens.	.	PUNCT	However	ADV	 However
Dixon then released a second album, entitled The Alesha Show, in 2008, which received platinum certification from BPI in the UK and spawned four singles including " The Boy Does Nothing " and " Breathe Slow ", the latter of which became her highest charting single	single	NOUN	and	CCONJ	 and
The tour was held to promote her second studio album Breakout (2008) and first extended play (EP) The Time of Our Lives (2009). It began in September 2009 and concluded in December 29, visiting cities in the United States and United Kingdom	Kingdom	PROPN	;	PUNCT	;
In the second match, McCool took 3 / 31 as the hosts made 178 after batting first. He opened the innings with the bat and made 108 in three hours, with 13 fours. Australia declared at 6 / 407 and McCool took 0 / 19 in	in	ADP	seven	NUM	 seven
The result was that the bomb was carried by Bockscar, but flown by the crew C 15 of The Great Artiste. During pre flight inspection of Bockscar, the flight engineer notified Sweeney that an inoperative fuel transfer pump made it impossible to use 640 US gallons (	(	PUNCT	2,400	NUM	2,400
" Sigerson compared the track to material by James Brown, whose " It's a Man's Man's Man's World " is openly referenced by the four chromatic note brass introduction to the song. Lyrically, " Bad " pertains to proving to people that you	you	PRON	are	AUX	 are
For the autumn 1961 issue of Folklore, the society published a festschrift to Murray to commemorate her 98th birthday. The issue contained contributions from various scholars paying tribute to her – with papers dealing with archaeology, fairies, Near Eastern religious symbols, Greek folk songs –	–	PUNCT	but	CCONJ	 but
All the major laws were made and countersigned by me. " He inaugurated his career as a legislator under Prince Ghica. On December 22, 1855, legislation he drafted with Petre Mavrogheni regarding the abolition of slavery was passed by the Boyar Divan. This involved the	the	DET	freeing	NOUN	 freeing
This consequently created difficulties with scheduling and put an added strain on the actors. Destiny 2 was announced in February 2002 at a special conference about future developments and games for the platform. It was the first Tales title to receive a numbered designation in Japan. As	As	ADP	with	ADP	 with
Khánh did not want his rival taking power, so he and the Americans convinced the HNC to dilute the powers of the position to make it unappealing to Minh, who was then sent on an overseas diplomatic goodwill tour to remove him from the political scene. However	However	ADV	,	PUNCT	,
By the turn of the first quarter of the century, Óláfr managed to put aside the wife that Rögnvaldr Guðrøðarson had assigned him; and afterwards married Cristina, thereby gaining her father's military assistance. As time wore on, Óláfr gained the upper hand in the	the	DET	struggle	NOUN	 struggle
The Concord Pike was originally chartered as the Wilmington and Great Valley Turnpike in 1811, a turnpike that was to connect Wilmington to Great Valley, Pennsylvania. The Concord Pike between US 13 in Wilmington and the Pennsylvania border became a part of US 122 in 1926.	.	PUNCT	By	ADP	 By
His first solo effort involved his contribution to the Richard " Wolfie " Wolf mix of Love Kills on the 1984 album (the song also used as the end title theme for National Lampoon's Loaded Weapon 1) and new soundtrack to the 1927 Fritz Lang film Metropolis	Metropolis	PROPN	.	PUNCT	.
In 1735 he married Elizabeth " Tetty " Porter, a widow 20 years older than himself, and the responsibilities of this marriage made him determined to succeed as an educator. He established his own school, but the venture was unsuccessful. Thereafter, leaving his wife	wife	NOUN	behind	ADV	 behind
Van Deusen concluded his biography of Greeley: More significant still was the service that Greeley performed as a result of his faith in his country and his countrymen, his belief in infinite American progress. For all his faults and shortcomings, Greeley symbolized an America that,	,	PUNCT	though	SCONJ	 though
During the march, lead units engaged skirmishers east of Sudley's Ford with artillery in the early dawn. McDowell had divided his three divisions, sending Heintzelman to the north, sweeping down to cover the Union right, and thus his was the last division to engage	engage	VERB	.	PUNCT	.
In 2012, it reached a peak of number 27. It remained on the chart for a total of 10 weeks. The music video for " You da One " was filmed on November 30, 2011 at MC Motors in Dalston, East London. It was	was	AUX	directed	VERB	 directed
" Gethin Anthony plays the king's youngest brother Renly Baratheon, and veteran actor Julian Glover, well known to science fiction and fantasy fans after appearing in films such as The Empire Strikes Back and Indiana Jones and the Last Crusade, was cast as Grand Maester Pycelle	Pycelle	PROPN	after	SCONJ	 after
The tenor sings the chorale melody unadorned as a cantus firmus, but the oboes d'amore play with " the urgent surging of semi quaver activity ". Dürr sees the expression of " Kampf und Sieg des Gottessohnes " (fight and victory of the Son of God)	)	PUNCT	over	ADP	 over
She recommended Webster on the basis of the latter's temporary work for her. When Thomas met Webster, she engaged her on the spot, though she did not appear to have made any inquiries about Webster's character or past. After Webster was taken on by	by	ADP	Thomas	PROPN	 Thomas
This phylum includes morels, a few mushrooms and truffles, unicellular yeasts (e.g., of the genera Saccharomyces, Kluyveromyces, Pichia, and Candida), and many filamentous fungi living as saprotrophs, parasites, and mutualistic symbionts. Prominent and important genera of filamentous ascomycetes	ascomycetes	NOUN	include	VERB	 include
Then it won't. " The album was ranked number 41 in NME's critics ' poll of 1996, and Jim Farber of the New York Daily News named it the sixth best album of 1996. German based magazine Spex ranked it number four on its "	"	PUNCT	End	NOUN	 End
A fleet renewal started in the early 2000s, with the incorporation of the Boeing 737 – 700 and the Boeing 767 300ER; The airline discontinued its service to Newark in favour of serving Washington in 2004. In the late 2000s the airline announced it would be the	the	DET	launch	NOUN	 launch
The houses are deemed to be among the most sophisticated dwellings of their time. Oak frames were used for the walls, and the roofs were probably thatched. Viking ring houses, such as those at Trelleborg, near Slagelse on the Danish island of Zealand, have	have	VERB	a	DET	 a
In the second season of this arrangement, 1935 – 36, Margate reached the third round proper of the FA Cup for the first time, losing 3 – 1 to Blackpool after defeating Queens Park Rangers and Crystal Palace in the earlier rounds, but shortly after this	this	PRON	the	DET	 the
" as the others walk away. The following day, Audrina rejects an invitation to Frankie's birthday party when she realizes that Kristin will be in attendance. Lo and Stephanie are shocked that Justin tells Kristin that he and Audrina were not officially a couple, but	but	CCONJ	decide	VERB	 decide
The Japanese requested that the French advisers be given judgement in France; however, due to popular support in France for their actions, the former French advisers in Japan were not punished for their actions. Enomoto had resolved to fight to the end, and had sent	sent	VERB	his	PRON	 his
Once the site was cleared, the initial redevelopment plan fell through, as did several subsequent plans, leaving the block vacant and undeveloped for nearly a generation. The Mills Corporation has itself been in financial difficulty in the past. This reputation and changing financial climate caused	caused	VERB	a	DET	 a
Observed and noted in the initial description of the syndrome as a cleft lip and palate, facial clefting is identified by clefts in the bones, muscles and tissues of the face, including the lips and palate. The forms of cleft lip and palate typically seen with	with	ADP	Malpuech	PROPN	 Malpuech
The COW system circulates part of the cargo through the fixed tank cleaning system to remove wax and asphaltic deposits. Tanks that carry less viscous cargoes are washed with water. Fixed and portable automated tank cleaning machines, which clean tanks with high pressure water jets, are	are	AUX	widely	ADV	 widely
At 15 / 2, Compton came in, and together with Edrich, they took the score to 46 before left arm paceman Johnston bowled the latter. Two balls later, Johnston removed Hardstaff without scoring, leaving England at 46 / 4. Two runs later,	,	PUNCT	Compton	PROPN	 Compton
She stated: " The script often says, ' Becky slaps Steve ' but we try to find a different way to do it. I always think she wouldn't slap, she would punch " Kelly was behind other violent scenes featuring her character, adding "	"	PUNCT	The	DET	 The
A metal plate was embedded in her leg to immobilize the bone during the healing process, and van Grunsven recovered, winning the 2003 Dutch Dressage Championships in June. In September, she underwent a second surgery to have the plate removed. In 2004, she became	became	VERB	the	DET	 the
It's about love and sex. What the hell. Some things don't have to change. " Entertainment Weekly said " some of these songs last a little too long and could have benefited from a trimming ", though they credited Kiedis for sounding " nearly	nearly	ADV	spiritual	ADJ	 spiritual
Occupancy rates at many apartment complexes increased; for instance, Napoleon Square's rate increased from 60% around 1996 to over 95% in 2001. Mike McMahon, the co founder of the Gulfton Area Neighborhood Organization (GANO), said that increased census worker efforts	efforts	NOUN	to	PART	 to
By 18 June, Hitler and Ribbentrop spoke of the Plan with Italian leader Benito Mussolini as a possibility that could be pursued after the defeat of France. Once he learned of the plan, SS Obergruppenführer Reinhard Heydrich, chief of the Reich Main Security Office (RSHA	RSHA	PROPN	)	PUNCT	)
He was listed on the Timbers ' roster as a forward. Johnson was a late substitute for Jorge Perlaza in the Timbers ' first MLS home game and fourth in all, as they defeated Chicago Fire 4 – 2 on 15 April 2011. Johnson announced his retirement	retirement	NOUN	on	ADP	 on
On April 5, in a win over the Utah Jazz, he became the third player with 1,000 victories in the regular season, following Kareem Abdul Jabbar and Robert Parish. Duncan extended his mark as the NBA's career leader in victories with one team. On	On	ADP	April	PROPN	 April
Finally, they consulted vocal coach Diane Sheets, a friend of Johnson's son in law. She determined that Roe was over compensating for a small degree of hearing loss typical of musicians who have performed live for long periods of time, thus tightening muscles in his	his	PRON	throat	NOUN	 throat
Dream Theater's drummer Mike Portnoy observed that Kill ' Em All surpassed the NWOBHM bands in terms of sheer velocity and cited Burton's bass solo as the album's peak. Guitarist Ulf Cederlund of Swedish black metal band Morbid cited " Motorbreath " and " Metal Militia	Militia	PROPN	"	PUNCT	 "
" Later, in the song " In My Time Of Dying ", Robert Plant even pleaded to Jesus: " Meet me Jesus, meet me; Meet me in the middle of the air; if my wings should fail me Lord, please meet me with	with	ADP	another	DET	 another
Saladin sent his envoys to Guy of Lusignan, who accepted his demands. However, Raynald refused to obey the king, stating that " he was lord of his land, just as Guy was lord of his, and he had no truces with the Saracens "	"	PUNCT	.	PUNCT	.
Around 1760, with the popularization of the Linnaean system, botany became much more widespread among educated women who painted plants, attended classes on plant classification, and collected herbarium specimens although emphasis was on the healing properties of plants rather than plant reproduction which had overtones of	of	ADP	sexuality	NOUN	 sexuality
Conceived by Looking Glass after the completion of their first game, Ultima Underworld: The Stygian Abyss, Terra Nova was subject to a long and difficult development process, caused in part by the production of its full motion video cutscenes. The game's engine can render	render	VERB	3D	ADJ	 3D
" I was about 21 at the time and it was an excuse for me to take her somewhere because I wanted to hang out with her, " said DeLonge. The track was written as a summary of neurotic teen angst and awkwardness. " Happy Holidays,	,	PUNCT	You	PROPN	 You
As head of the mint beginning in 1316, he collected its earlier records and created a register of all the coins struck in Florence. In 1321, he was again chosen prior, and in 1324 was deputed to inspect the rebuilding of the city walls. He	He	PRON	went	VERB	 went
Numerous offshoots of Chinese food, such as Hong Kong cuisine and American Chinese food, have emerged in the nations that play host to the Chinese diaspora. China has become a prime sports destination worldwide. The country gained the hosting rights for several major global sports tournaments	tournaments	NOUN	including	VERB	 including
The Wolves joined them in the ring and challenged them to a match for the TNA World Tag Team Championship at Impact Wrestling: Destination X, which the Hardys agreed to. At Destination X, the Hardys lost against the Wolves, but shook hands after the match	match	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
Reviewing Nuclear Strike 64, the website noted that the graphics ably handled numerous explosions and enemies. The reviewer praised the detail, colours and fluid motion. He also acknowledged the use of N64 Expansion Pak, but said " the game still moves and looks very nice	nice	ADJ	"	PUNCT	 "
Next came the assembly of a team of producers who were to organize the festival's events. Notably Kyle Gibson, an Emmy Award winning former producer of Nightline with Ted Koppel, joined the festival as senior program producer, while production of the Youth and Family Program	Program	PROPN	was	AUX	 was
Smith wrote its pieces intermittently for 34 years, beginning in 1977, before performing them live in November 2011 at the Colburn School's Zipper Hall in Los Angeles. He was accompanied by the nine piece Southwest Chamber Music ensemble and his own jazz quartet, featuring drummers	drummers	NOUN	Pheeroan	PROPN	 Pheeroan
During the Gorbachev Era, Brezhnev's rule was considered less successful than that of Joseph Stalin; in an opinion measurement poll only 7 percent chose the Brezhnev Era as good, while 10 percent picked the Stalin Era as good. Following the dissolution of the Soviet Union	Union	PROPN	and	CCONJ	 and
The Western Chalukyas, the southern Kalachuris, the Seuna Yadavas of Devagiri and the Silharas of Kolhapur are some of the ruling families who enthusiastically used Kannada in inscriptions and promoted its literature. Writers bilingual in Kannada and Telugu gained popularity which caused interaction between the two languages	languages	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
The book concludes with Mont Blanc, a 144 line poem by Percy Shelley, written whilst in Chamonix and which was inspired by the river Arve, the snow covered summits, the chaotic glaciers and the forests that he experienced during their visit. Amongst many other notable	notable	ADJ	visitors	NOUN	 visitors
One of the variations on the BLT is the club sandwich, a two layered sandwich in which one layer is a BLT. The other layer can be almost any sort of sliced meat, normally chicken or turkey. The BLT has been deconstructed into a number of	of	ADP	forms	NOUN	 forms
The Allied screen consisted of eight cruisers and fifteen destroyers under British Rear Admiral Victor Crutchley VC, but only five cruisers and seven destroyers were involved in the battle. In a night action, Mikawa thoroughly surprised and routed the Allied force, sinking one Australian and three	three	NUM	American	ADJ	 American
New park entrances are to be added at the eastern end of Westminster Dr. (off Piedmont Ave.), the northern end of Dutch Valley Pl., and at 1514 Monroe just south of Piedmont Ave., on the site of Agnes & Muriel's restaurant	restaurant	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
Due to its remoteness, Sangay hosts a significant biological community with fauna such as mountain tapirs, giant otters, cocks of the rock, and king vultures. Since 1983, its ecological community has been protected as part of the Sangay National Park. Although climbing the	the	DET	mountain	NOUN	 mountain
On April 16, Jay Bookman of The Atlanta Journal Constitution wrote " It wasn't quite the firing on Fort Sumter that launched the Civil War. But on April 1, your Georgia Senate did threaten by a vote of 43 – 1 to secede from and even	even	ADV	disband	VERB	 disband
While no detailed statistical information is available, most of the followers of Swaminarayan share a belief that Swaminarayan is the complete manifestation of Narayana or Purushottam Narayana - the Supreme Being and superior to other avatars. A Swaminarayan sectarian legend tells how Narayana from the Nara Narayana pair	pair	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
The latter involved the connection of various drainage schemes into a new hand dug channel connected to the clyse at Dunball – the King's Sedgemoor Drain. Further drainage improvements were needed in the 19th century, which involved the use of mechanical pumping engines, originally steam powered	powered	ADJ	but	CCONJ	 but
" Gordon later compared the television series to The Good Wife: " The Good Wife has so many procedural aspects that they have to decide which format to use each week... Why is this an Awake episode? " He and Killen served as executive producers (with	with	ADP	David	PROPN	 David
It was Tolkien's genius to reinvent the traditional epic fantasy by making the central character neither God nor hero, but a simple man in search of a way to do the right thing.... I was impressed enough by how it had changed the face of epic fantasy	fantasy	NOUN	that	PRON	 that
Without such an order, and not knowing of Goodman's approval, Cline made the decision that Heidi would start on time. The television audience saw Smith return Turner's kickoff out of the end zone to the Oakland 22 yard line with 1: 01 remaining.	.	PUNCT	Burbank	PROPN	 Burbank
Minibuses are the most common type of public transportation in Mogadishu. The next most frequently used public vehicles in the city are auto rickshaws (bajaj). They number around 3,000 units and come in various designs. The auto rickshaws represent a lower cost alternative to taxis	taxis	NOUN	and	CCONJ	 and
Different colours therefore appear at different angles. In animals such as on the feathers of birds and the scales of butterflies, interference is created by a range of photonic mechanisms, including diffraction gratings, selective mirrors, photonic crystals, crystal fibres, matrices of nanochannels and	and	CCONJ	proteins	NOUN	 proteins
By the end of October 2007 CPI (LG Chem) delivered their finished battery pack prototypes, and A123 delivered theirs by January 2008. General Motors testing process was conducted at the laboratory the carmaker had created for the GM EV1 program. The battery packs included monitoring	monitoring	NOUN	systems	NOUN	 systems
That day the American carriers raided the Gilbert Islands and were gone by the time the Japanese reached Eniwetok on 20 September. On 30 November, Zuihō, together with the escort carriers Chūyō and Unyō, departed Truk for Japan, escorted by four destroyers. The Americans	Americans	PROPN	had	AUX	 had
Antlia contains many faint galaxies, the brightest of which is NGC 2997 at magnitude 10.6. It is a loosely wound face on spiral galaxy of type Sc. Though nondescript in most amateur telescopes, it presents bright clusters of young stars and many dark dust lanes in	in	ADP	photographs	NOUN	 photographs
She tells him she is moving to Miami to start over with her life and to pursue her retail management career, and they say goodbye. The episode was written by series co creator Ryan Murphy and directed by Bradley Buecker. Two months before it aired, Murphy	Murphy	PROPN	confirmed	VERB	 confirmed
Balaji Sakthivel's Samurai was his next release featuring him as a vigilante Robin Hood esque figure who kidnapped corrupt politicians. Vikram had signed the film in early 2000 and the film was on hold during production leading to a two year delay and the film finally opened to	to	PART	average	VERB	 average
A warning against damage can still be seen on the milestone at the Surrey end of the bridge. Richmond Bridge was a commercial success, generating £1,300 per annum in tolls (about £83,190 in 2016) in 1810. By 1822, the company had accumulated	accumulated	VERB	a	DET	 a
South Korea has argued that this resolution is relevant to the debate about the Sea of Japan and implies that both names should be used; Japan, however, argues that the resolution does not apply to the Sea of Japan, because it does not specify this body	body	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
The nominate subspecies D. n. nipalense breeds in the Himalayas from Garhwal east through Nepal, northeastern India and Bangladesh as far as western Burma. The race D. n. cuttingi is found in northern Burma, along Burma's border with Chinese Yunnan and in northern Tonkin, Vietnam	Vietnam	PROPN	.	PUNCT	.
A fundamental factor in these molecular structures is the existence of electron pairs. These are electrons with opposed spins, allowing them to occupy the same molecular orbital without violating the Pauli exclusion principle (much like in atoms). Different molecular orbitals have different spatial distribution of	of	ADP	the	DET	 the
It also states that the AVAS may have a pause switch to stop its operation temporarily. On 6 February 2013, the European Parliament approved a draft law to tighten noise limits for cars to protect public health, and also to add alerting sounds to ensure the audibility	audibility	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
She then embarked on the " Reggaeton Tour 2004 " which also featured other artist such as Aldo Ranks and La Factoria. The tour touched upon various South American countries, including her first in Ecuador, where she performed songs such as " Papi Te Quiero " and	and	CCONJ	"	PUNCT	 "
Four Douglas A 1 Skyraiders (Sandys 01, 02, 05, and 06) prepared the area around the survivors with extensive bombing and strafing. They were assisted by two HH53C helicopters (Jolly Green 67 and Jolly Green 60) from the 37th Air Rescue Squadron	Squadron	PROPN	.	PUNCT	.
Both Seward and President Van Buren gave several speeches across New York State that summer. Henry Clay, one of the hopefuls for the Whig nomination for president, spent part of the summer in Upstate New York, and the two men met by chance on a ferry	ferry	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
The high density of the caesium formate brine (up to 2.3 g · cm − 3, or 19.2 pounds per gallon), coupled with the relatively benign nature of most caesium compounds, reduces the requirement for toxic high density suspended solids in the drilling fluid —	—	PUNCT	a	DET	 a
Bermuda dispatched six athletes in total to the Beijing Olympics. Of the delegation, two of the athletes (Roy Allen Burch and Tyrone Smith) were men and four of the athletes (Flora Duffy, Kiera Aitken, Arantxa King, and Jill Terceira) were women	women	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
While the river here has been stocked with rainbows since 1964, the implementation of a more stable flow regime at Glen Canyon Dam in 1991 has somewhat reduced the average size of fish caught there due to the increased survival rate of young fish and the resulting competition.	.	PUNCT	Lees	PROPN	 Lees
He formed an alliance of pirates and blockaded the port of Charleston, South Carolina. After successfully ransoming its inhabitants, he ran Queen Anne's Revenge aground on a sandbar near Beaufort, North Carolina. He parted company with Bonnet and settled in Bath Town, where	where	SCONJ	he	PRON	 he
He felt that the album highlights are the " lush ballads ' Morning Sun ' and ' You Know Me ', the intricate wordplay of ' Blasphemy ' and the 1980s sound of ' Last Days of Disco ' ", while also noting that " a confident sounding	sounding	VERB	Williams	PROPN	 Williams
MRO has two rechargeable nickel hydrogen batteries used to power the spacecraft when it is not facing the Sun. Each battery has an energy storage capacity of 50 ampere hours (180 kC). The full range of the batteries can not be used due to voltage constraints	constraints	NOUN	on	ADP	 on
Newcomb considers this publication the exemplar of the ladies ' signature musical style. In 1584, Alessandro Striggio, responding to requests from Francesco I de ' Medici, Grand Duke of Tuscany, described the ladies and composed pieces imitating their style so that Francesco could start his	his	PRON	own	ADJ	 own
Rivoli's launch was therefore seen by the French Navy as an opportunity to reverse these defeats, as the new ship of the line outgunned the British frigates that operated within the Adriatic and would be able to operate in the Adriatic without the threat of attack by the	the	DET	frigate	PROPN	 frigate
The cruisers replied with a shot of their own and raised the German colors, signaling the town to surrender. The French refused the German demands, and von Spee's vessels began to shell the shore batteries and town from a distance of 6,000 m (6,600 yd	yd	NOUN	)	PUNCT	)
Sims had noticed that boxing audiences reacted positively to the way he would dance in the rosin box before getting into the ring, and especially to the distinctive sound his dancing made moving the rosin granules around the wooden box. He began to consider dancing as a career	career	NOUN	alternative	NOUN	 alternative
Under Guardiola and subsequent managers, he most often played in a false nine role; positioned as a centre forward or lone striker, he would roam the centre, often moving deep into midfield and drawing defenders with him, in order to create and exploit spaces for	for	ADP	passes	NOUN	 passes
Joe Rivers No Ripcord praised " I Am Your Leader " along with " Beez in the Trap " for being " thrilling " and making " good use of cameos ". Stephen Deusner of Paste Magazine said that " On the nursery rhyming “ I Am Your Leader	Leader	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
Although Azeem Ahmad noted " Hustler's Ambition " to be more musically diverse that 50 Cent's previous work in his review of the song for musicOMH, he also wrote that " it's hardly inspiring to those expecting a slice of raw hip hop ", although	although	SCONJ	he	PRON	 he
To create the scene, the crew used two externally identical cars; one was drivable, and the other was a shell of car, and was hooked to a cable rig. After taking a week to get everything set up, the crew used a nitrogen cannon	cannon	NOUN	to	PART	 to
The first part of the house was built by Robert Rudston circa 1567 – 75 on the site of an earlier manor house. It has been modified a number of times during its history achieving its present form in 1819. It has been a home to a number	number	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
During their dance competition, Andy does a dance involving a chair from the music video of the Madonna song " Vogue ", and Kelly does a reenactment of the silhouette chair dance from the 1983 romance film Flashdance, which inspired elements of a dance done by actress	actress	NOUN	Vanessa	PROPN	 Vanessa
When he was later added to the team following an injury to another player, Vorster said that the MCC would not be welcome and the tour was cancelled. Some of the events leading up to D ' Oliveira's exclusion became public knowledge the following year; the	the	DET	MCC	PROPN	 MCC
In addition, actor James G. Snitzer was a member of the 104th and died in combat in 1945. NFL Player Bob Shaw also served with the 104th and was awarded the Bronze Star during World War II. In addition, two soldiers from this division were awarded	awarded	VERB	the	DET	 the
Although he played 15 seasons in the major leagues, almost entirely for four American League teams, Berg was never more than an average player, usually used as a backup catcher, and was better known for being " the brainiest guy in baseball " than for anything	anything	PRON	he	PRON	 he
Amalia, who at that time was under the protective wing of Isabel de Borbón, Princess of Asturias, and sister of the King of Spain, Alfonso XII, was taking singing classes under Napoleon Verger. In 1884, Amalia helped Paoli to obtain two scholarships from	from	ADP	her	PRON	 her
Haywood criticized labor officials who were, in his view, insufficiently supportive of Labor militants. For example, he recalled with disdain the opening remarks of Samuel Gompers when the AFL leader appeared before Illinois Governor Richard Oglesby on behalf of the Haymarket prisoners: I have differed	differed	VERB	all	DET	 all
Jan Magnussen was drafted into the McLaren team to replace Mika Häkkinen because of the Finn's operation for appendicitis. The third driver change was Ukyo Katayama's return to Tyrrell after missing the European Grand Prix due to a crash at the Portuguese Grand Prix. Gianni Morbidelli	Morbidelli	PROPN	returned	VERB	 returned
In 1959, Como moved to Wednesday nights, hosting Perry Como's Kraft Music Hall weekly for the next eight years; the last four seasons from 1963 to 1967 were done as monthly specials alternating with Kraft Suspense Theatre, The Andy Williams Show, and finally The	The	DET	Road	PROPN	 Road
In 1980, Jackson won three awards at the American Music Awards for his solo efforts: Favorite Soul / R & B Album, Favorite Male Soul / R & B Artist and Favorite Soul / R & B Single (for " Don't Stop ' Til You	You	PRON	Get	VERB	 Get
In the end, however, Villa kept his cool, Madero convinced common soldiers to support him and Orozco did not have the nerve to go through with it. Orozco remained unsatisfied with the political positions he was offered in the Madero government. He became even more	more	ADV	angry	ADJ	 angry
A dejected Mayil confesses this to Guruvammal, who quickly plans to betroth her to someone else. The village ruffian Parattaiyan, alias Parattai (Rajinikanth) — who lusts for Mayil — spreads rumours about her relationship with Sathyajith. Because of this, Mayil's engagement plans	plans	NOUN	are	AUX	 are
Dr. Halsey also introduces John to the artificial intelligence Cortana, who would assist the Spartans by residing in their MJOLNIR armor. Before the mission can begin, however, Reach is attacked by a massive Covenant fleet. John and Cortana reach the Pillar of Autumn, but	but	CCONJ	most	ADJ	 most
Most of its known compounds resemble those of iodine, which is a halogen and a nonmetal. Such compounds include astatides (XAt), astatates (XAtO3), and monovalent interhalogen compounds. Restrepo et al. reported that astatine appeared to be more polonium like than	than	ADP	halogen	PROPN	 halogen
During preproduction, however, Stiller had a falling out with Savoy over budget disputes — among them was how Savoy ’ s reported $4 million offer to Nicolas Cage would affect the film ’ s budget. Stiller explained, ” The problem was Savoy. I don	don	VERB	’	PUNCT	 ’
After Tarkovsky completed this first version, it would be five years before the film was widely released in the Soviet Union. The ministry's demands for cuts first resulted in a 190 minute version. Despite Tarkovsky's objections expressed in a letter to Alexey Romanov, the	the	DET	chairman	NOUN	 chairman
66) is an Act of Parliament of the United Kingdom Parliament that significantly reformed the law related to obscenity in England and Wales. Prior to the passage of the Act, the law on publishing obscene materials was governed by the common law case of R v Hicklin	Hicklin	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
Maxwell Scott also called Shand Kydd at his country house near Leighton Buzzard and told him about the letters, prompting the latter to immediately drive to London to collect them. After reading them, and noting that they were bloodstained, he took them to Ranson. When	When	SCONJ	asked	VERB	 asked
She flatlines at the hospital, and awakens in an " afterlife ", where she interacts with deceased former acquaintances. Ellis dies in the interim, and Grey meets with her mother, who tells her that she is anything but ordinary and urges her to wake up	up	ADP	.	PUNCT	.
Heavy rainfall, peaking at 1,090 mm (43 in), was documented in Taiwan. Agricultural damage in Taiwan alone reached NT $670 million (US $20.8 million). Similar effects were felt in Japan, where the remnants of Nanmadol produced record breaking rainfall	rainfall	NOUN	and	CCONJ	 and
" (Quincy Jones, Nickolas Ashford and Valerie Simpson) - Dorothy " Tornado " / " Glinda's Theme " (instrumental) " He's the Wizard " - Miss One and Chorus " Soon As I Get Home " / " Home " - Dorothy "	"	PUNCT	You	PRON	 You
" We set out to reclaim our throne as the most incredible live punk band from you know who, " said Cool. Cool contended that " we heard they were going to quit the tour because they were getting smoked so badly... We didn't want them	them	PRON	to	PART	 to
Pluto has a tenuous atmosphere consisting of nitrogen (N2), methane (CH4), and carbon monoxide (CO), which are in equilibrium with their ices on Pluto's surface. According to the measurements by New Horizons, the surface pressure is about 1	1	NUM	Pa	PROPN	 Pa
Made on a budget of ₹ 1.5 billion (US $22 million) — " India's most expensive film " at the time — the film follows the story of a London based videogame designer creating a villainous character who escapes into the real world. Despite negative	negative	ADJ	media	NOUN	 media
" Saadiq's studio integrated modern equipment such as a Pro Tools digital workstation and an SSL 9000 mixing console, and featured various vintage gear, including Saadiq's 1960s Ludwig drum kit and a kick drum mic purchased from Abbey Road Studios. In the studio, Saadiq	Saadiq	PROPN	and	CCONJ	 and
If we don't have a car that doesn't stop us, because we'll take the bus. If we can't afford drinks, we'll bring a bottle in our purse. It's just about not letting anything bring you down. " Tik Tok	Tok	PROPN	"	PUNCT	 "
– The Album was re released by Jive in 1987 with extra tracks including " Parkside 5 2 ", " Housing the Joint " and " Get N ' Paid ". These three tracks were originally intended for Weaver's next album Smoke Some Kill. Weaver was	was	AUX	upset	ADJ	 upset
MD 16 crosses the Warwick River and Cabin Creek before meeting MD 331 (Waddells Corner Road) at Waddells Corner. MD 16 joins MD 331 in a concurrency that crosses Gravel Creek and passes Beulah Road, the old alignment of MD 16 and MD 331 through Ellwood	Ellwood	PROPN	.	PUNCT	.
Considering a profession in the discipline, he won a studentship that had been established jointly by the University of London and the Society of Antiquaries in memory of Augustus Wollaston Franks. The prominent archaeologist Sir Arthur Evans doubled the amount of money that went with the studentship.	.	PUNCT	Wheeler	NOUN	 Wheeler
He also played a full 90 minutes in the second group match, away to China. The new campaign has also seen Bresciano change squad numbers, wearing ' 18 ' in the two qualifiers, as opposed to his traditional ' 23 ' which he has worn for	for	ADP	the	DET	 the
A 16 by 4 metres (52 by 13 ft) stucco sculpture rising from the fourth to fifth terraces depicts a skeletal death god carrying the severed head of a lord of Palenque in one hand. A frieze on the fifth terrace probably displayed Toniná's most distinguished	distinguished	ADJ	victims	NOUN	 victims
The white tailed ptarmigan has feathers located on its feet to serve as protection from the extreme cold often experienced in the alpine tundra environment. In addition, these birds have feathers around their nostrils to warm the air prior to entry into the respiratory tract. The most	most	ADV	obvious	ADJ	 obvious
The Church was responsible for the system of tithes, a levy of 10% on " all agrarian produce... other natural products gained via labour... wages received by servants and labourers, and to the profits of rural merchants ". Tithes gathered in the form of	of	ADP	produce	NOUN	 produce
Bach parodied the first movement of this cantata for the Cum Sancto Spiritu fugue in his 1738 Missa in F major, BWV 233. For the festive occasion, the cantata is scored for three vocal soloists — alto, tenor and bass — a four part choir,	,	PUNCT	two	NUM	 two
She only reluctantly agreed to interrupt training and participate in the summer event, which is contested on roller ski, however she went on to win gold in all three competitions (sprint, pursuit and mixed relay). Neuner missed the first World Cup of the 2009	2009	NUM	–	PUNCT	 –
The pulse of these songs is provided by the repeated rhythm coming from the rhythm box. These instrumental pieces and others like " Little Fishes " have been described as " highly imagistic, like paintings done in sound that actually resemble their titles ". To create the	the	DET	lyrics	NOUN	 lyrics
While some of his homonyms are gratuitous word play, many others have not only double meaning but a double edge. " Lennon was not only surprised by the positive reception, but that the book was reviewed at all, and suggested that readers " took the book	book	NOUN	more	ADV	 more
The setting, despite various fantasy, dark fantasy and steampunk elements, mostly displays oriental inspired esthetics. All games involve collecting new powers and items, which vary from game to game, to strengthen Shantae and unlock access to new areas. Although releasing to strong reviews	reviews	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
Immerwhar described his lyrics as expressing feelings of alienation and banality. When he was asked regarding the lyrics on Barely Real and The White Birch, Immerwhar said he preferred the lyrics on latter album where he desired to " have more writerly songs ", where he found	found	VERB	"	PUNCT	 "
The distribution of workers between the main nest and satellite is very important because they are needed for the establishment of the satellite and for the continued running of the main nest. Although, after several months the main nest can become abandoned. If not enough workers follow	follow	VERB	the	DET	 the
The success of Dónde Están los Ladrones? prompted American singer Gloria Estefan, whose husband Emilio Estefan was managing Shakira at that time, to persuade Shakira to attempt to crossover into the mainstream pop industry. However, Shakira was initially hesitant to record songs in English as	as	SCONJ	it	PRON	 it
Notions that the British " constituted an Island race, and that it stood for democracy were reinforced during the war and they were circulated in the country through Winston Churchill's speeches, history books and newspapers ". At its international zenith, " Britishness joined peoples around	around	ADP	the	DET	 the
In those matches, Australia fielded its first choice team and as a result, Brown played out of position in the middle order while Morris and Barnes opened. An occasional leg spin bowler, Barnes delivered only 65.4 overs during the first class matches, five of which	which	PRON	were	AUX	 were
It became a live staple and a fan favorite, with lyrics changing practically every performance. Although it was recorded live on No Sleep ' till Bedtime, and on the For Those Aboot to Rock DVD, a studio version was not recorded until 2006 during The New	New	PROPN	Black	PROPN	 Black
Though Chibás lost the election, Castro remained committed to working on his behalf. Student violence escalated after Grau employed gang leaders as police officers, and Castro soon received a death threat urging him to leave the university; refusing, he began carrying a gun and surrounding	surrounding	VERB	himself	PRON	 himself
" All four episodes were directed by Lee Salisbury, who learned three weeks before filming that he would be working on the episodes, and said he was " a bit dumbstruck " to discover he would be directing the fire episodes and Windsor's departure, but that	that	SCONJ	he	PRON	 he
When their temperature rises above about 39° C, they suck excess sap from the food plants and extrude the excess water through pores in the tergum at a modest cost in energy. Such a rapid loss of water can be sustained only by feeding on water rich	rich	ADJ	xylem	PROPN	 xylem
Although Hamasaki initially supported the exploitation of her popularity for commercial purposes, saying that it was " necessary that [she is] viewed as a product ", she eventually opposed Avex's decision to market her as a " product rather than a person ". Hamasaki	Hamasaki	PROPN	launched	VERB	 launched
FSU's freshman retention rate is 93%. Florida State University has one of the highest retention rates in the United States. The university has a 79.1% six year graduation rate compared to the national average six year graduation rate of 59%. Florida State University	University	PROPN	receives	VERB	 receives
Four of its C 130Hs were equipped with Electronic Warfare Self Protection packs, including radar and missile warning systems, and countermeasures such as chaff and flares, in 1994. Later in the decade, one of the C 130Hs was fitted with signals intelligence equipment and crewed	crewed	VERB	by	ADP	 by
' Glyn said ' Yes ' and he was laughing. He gave Cliff his lighter back. " Capper had not died immediately as her murderers believed, and after they left she managed to scramble back up the embankment and stagger along the lane for approximately a quarter	quarter	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
Where sand does occur, it is usually in large quantities in the form of sand sheets or extensive areas of dunes. A sand sheet is a near level, firm expanse of partially consolidated particles in a layer that varies from a few centimeters to a few meters	meters	NOUN	thick	ADJ	 thick
Enrichment was performed at Oak Ridge, Tennessee, where the electromagnetic separation plant, known as Y 12, became fully operational in March 1944. The first shipments of highly enriched uranium were sent to the Los Alamos Laboratory in June 1944. Most of the uranium necessary	necessary	ADJ	for	ADP	 for
In Bloemfontein Spruyt worked as clerk of the Landdrost (1854 – 1855), and in that capacity he acted as secretary of the Volksraad on two occasions (September 1854 and February 1855), also filling in as Government Secretary. On the strength of his capacities	capacities	NOUN	Spruyt	PROPN	 Spruyt
The pleurocystidia (cystidia on the face of a gill) are 42 – 47 by 8 12 µm, swollen and beaked, slightly capitate. They are abundant, arising from the subhymenium, projecting 19.3 – 29.6 µm above the hymenial palisade, thin walled, hyaline	hyaline	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
The latter thematic obsession was described by his friend and fellow author, Bruce Sterling, in the introduction of Gibson's short story collection Burning Chrome, as " Gibson's classic one two combination of lowlife and high tech. " Beginning in 1981, Gibson's stories	stories	NOUN	appeared	VERB	 appeared
It was described by Lundgren as " an old school, kick ass action movie where people are fighting with knives and shooting at each other. " This was his first American theatrical release film since 1995's Johnny Mnemonic, (although The Inquiry (The Final Inquiry	Inquiry	PROPN	)	PUNCT	)
The bridge is known for its aesthetics, and Gehry's style is seen in its biomorphic allusions and extensive sculptural use of stainless steel plates to express abstraction. The bridge is referred to as snakelike in character due to its curving form. The bridge's design,	,	PUNCT	which	PRON	 which
The library's heating and cooling needs are supplied by the nearby dining hall, which Kahn built at the same time as the library, but which is considered to be of less architectural significance. The building committee's document specified that the new library should be "	"	PUNCT	unpretentious	ADJ	 unpretentious
However, despite frequent requests from the community, no plan for a larger scale theatre or community hall made it past the planning stages. By the 1970s, calls from the community and District Council for an entertainment venue increased. In 1972, a working party was	was	AUX	formed	VERB	 formed
Adams is home to a fairly wide variety of animal species. Several hoofed mammals call the mountain home: mountain goats, Roosevelt elk, black tailed deer, and mule deer. Large carnivores include cougar, black bear, coyote, bobcat, and the Cascade mountain	mountain	NOUN	fox	NOUN	 fox
Take Me Home was written in groups and has an average of just under five songwriters per track. Savan Kotecha, Rami Yacoub, and Carl Falk, who composed One Direction's hits " What Makes You Beautiful " and " One Thing ", spent six months	months	NOUN	in	ADP	 in
She was powered by two vertical triple expansion steam engines, which developed a total of 4,000 indicated horsepower (3,000 kW) from four Yarrow watertube boilers and gave a maximum speed of 12 knots (22 km / h; 14 mph). She was armed with	with	ADP	two	NUM	 two
He considered the animal to be most closely related to Nectomys russulus, a species he had himself described in 1897 and which is now recognized as a synonym of Sigmodontomys alfari. In his 1941 review The Families and Genera of Living Rodents, Sir John Ellerman retained N.	N.	PROPN	hammondi	NOUN	 hammondi
It was the first time Pinot had finished in the top ten of a Monument. Dan Martin, who had been unable to follow the leading riders on the Muro di Sormano, finished the race in order to repay his team's faith in him following his injury	injury	NOUN	earlier	ADV	 earlier
Governments such as the Netherlands and New Zealand have responded to the public's concerns by outlawing invasive experiments on certain classes of non human primates, particularly the great apes. In 2015, captive chimpanzees in the U.S. were added to the Endangered Species Act adding new road	road	NOUN	blocks	NOUN	 blocks
The powdered coal from ten pulverisers is blasted into each boiler through burners, which are ignited by propane. In 2003 the original burners were replaced by low nitrogen oxide burners. Each of the six boilers feed steam to a steam turbine set, consisting of one high	high	ADJ	pressure	NOUN	 pressure
Knox moved to Geneva and then to Frankfurt. In Geneva he met John Calvin, from whom he gained experience and knowledge of Reformed theology and Presbyterian polity. He created a new order of service, which was eventually adopted by the reformed church in Scotland. He	He	PRON	left	VERB	 left
However, numerous structural problems led to the 184 ft. sculpture being dismantled in 2009 for safety reasons. In 2014, money recovered by the Manchester City Council as a result of lengthy legal battles consequent to this debacle was used to fund a new £341,000 public	public	ADJ	sculpture	NOUN	 sculpture
Kazushige Nojima, who had written the script for the game, was brought on to write a 20 minute script, and he decided to write " a story about Cloud and Tifa and the kids ". The film was developed as a part of the Compilation of	of	ADP	Final	PROPN	 Final
Critics were divided on the video; although some of them praised the choreography, others criticized Usher's emotions. The singer performed the song during his American Express show on June 11, 2012 in London and at the 2012 American Music Awards. Usher co wrote "	"	PUNCT	Numb	PROPN	 Numb
He was selected as Australia's flag bearer for the opening ceremony. In competition, he earned a silver medal in the men's downhill standing event, finished 24th in the Super G, was disqualified from the slalom, and failed to finish in the giant slalom	slalom	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
He is an NHL All Star and Olympic gold medalist. He began his career as a distinguished junior ice hockey player, named to the Western Hockey League (WHL) West Second All Star Team and the Western Conference roster for the 1998 WHL All Star Game (	(	PUNCT	although	SCONJ	although
During the song, she repeatedly labels an ex's bad behavior as " bullshit " and tells him, " fuck you ". In another part, she mocks, " When we did it, I'll admit it, wasn't satisfied. " In the	the	DET	chorus	NOUN	 chorus
In the late regency of Empress Zoe Karbonopsina (914 – 919) for her infant son Constantine VII (r. 913 – 959), Kourkouas was appointed as the commander of the Vigla palace guard regiment, probably through the machinations of the fellow Armenian, admiral Romanos	Romanos	PROPN	Lekapenos	PROPN	 Lekapenos
Pasumarthi Krishnamurthy choreographed the songs. Narasimha Reddy incorporated a few of his childhood incidents in the film, and according to Bhanumathi, the pranks between Malliswari and Nagaraju and the sequence before the song " Kothi Bavaku Pellanta " were inspired by his childhood experiences. Apart from	from	ADP	designing	VERB	 designing
The contract will keep Braun locked up through his age 31 season. It was the largest contract in Brewers ' history, surpassing Jeff Suppan's. It was also the largest contract in baseball history given to a player with less than three years ' experience. Braun	Braun	PROPN	's	PART	's
" The Hollywood Reporter thought the revival was, " while not perfect, an exhilarating accomplishment ". Variety called it " a bold theatrical operation, an artistic success ". Critics reviewing the New York production generally gave it poor reviews. Ben Brantley of The New	New	PROPN	York	PROPN	 York
" Moore explained that a traditional soundtrack needs to convey the mood of the scene and advance the film's storyline, but that he did not have to do that with Graveyard Mountain Home " because the director's not around ". " I thought, well what	what	PRON	would	AUX	 would
O'Sullivan ended the season by defending his Premier League title. Having finished first after the league stage, O'Sullivan defeated Jimmy White 6 – 2 in the semi final, and John Higgins 9 – 4 in the final. He began the 2002 / 2003 season ranked number	number	NOUN	1	NUM	 1
Like most of the tracks on the album, the beat is reinforced by the Roland TR 808 drum machine, while the song also features a heavy bass. " Upgrade U " samples Betty Wright's 1968 song " Girls Can't Do What the Guys Do "	"	PUNCT	,	PUNCT	,
On April 4, he started against the Lotte Giants. He pitched 7 innings, while allowing 3 earned runs, but no run support and poor defence caused him to take the loss. During the rest of April, Hacker had a lot of trouble in dealing	dealing	VERB	with	ADP	 with
Combined with this interchange is a partial Y Interchange with Charles Street. The southbound entrance ramp merges with, and northbound exit ramp diverges from, the Graham Farmer Freeway ramps. There is a traffic light controlled intersection with Newcastle Street at the northern end of these ramps	ramps	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
In November 1917, Lenin and his wife took a two room flat within the Smolny Institute, although the following month left for a brief holiday in Halia, Finland. In January 1918, he survived an assassination attempt in Petrograd; Fritz Platten, who was with	with	ADP	Lenin	PROPN	 Lenin
Although initially intended for released in 2009, Mondo Cane was released on May 4, 2010 through Patton's record label, Ipecac Recordings. The album was released on both compact disc and vinyl record. The album's cover feature a die cut design based on poster	poster	NOUN	artwork	NOUN	 artwork
Since Robert Bartlett's pioneering work, The Making of Europe: Conquest, Colonization and Cultural Change, 950 – 1350 (1993), reinforced by Moore's The First European Revolution, c.970 – 1215 (2000), it has become increasingly apparent that better understanding	understanding	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
On 17 August 1950 the RIS and its member states became a unified republic. Hasyim was kept on as minister of religious affairs, with Fakih appointed director of religious education. Meanwhile, the different factions in Masyumi were in conflict over the path the party was taking	taking	VERB	;	PUNCT	;
In the first half of the 2011 – 12 season, Salo suffered a minor groin injury that sidelined him on two separate occasions, costing him three games and one game, respectively. In January 2012, the Canucks and Bruins played against each other for the first	first	ADJ	time	NOUN	 time
Moving to the west due to a ridge to the north, it slowly organized, forming into a tropical depression on September 9 in the South China Sea. As it approached southeastern China, the depression intensified into Tropical Storm Hagupit and reached peak winds of 85 km	km	NOUN	/	SYM	 /
The same year, William Lloyd Garrison's anti slavery publication The Liberator reprinted a Boston abolitionist pamphlet containing a poem entitled " The Liberty Bell ", which noted that, at that time, despite its inscription, the bell did not proclaim liberty to all the inhabitants	inhabitants	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
While one child may be mature enough to babysit, it is not certain that the other kids accept the babysitters authority. According to Alan S. Brown and Chris Logan, the writers of the book The Psychology of the Simpsons: D ’ oh!, the episode	episode	NOUN	is	AUX	 is
She commented to the St. Petersburg Times of Florida about the thought process she underwent after leaving the organization, " When you get out and you get the whole thing, you're like, ' What was I thinking? '. I know the people inside are	are	AUX	brainwashed	VERB	 brainwashed
In 2000, Metallica was among a number of artists who filed a lawsuit against Napster for sharing the band's copyright protected material for free without consent from any band member. A settlement was reached and Napster became a pay to use service. The release of St.	St.	PROPN	Anger	PROPN	 Anger
Their eponymous first album The Boxmasters was released on June 10, 2008 with Vanguard Records. It received a mostly poor review from Allmusic, which stated that " The Boxmasters might work live because there will be visuals; but merely as a listening exercise, it's	's	AUX	best	ADV	 best
After the departure of group member Baria Qureshi, the xx exclusively played live concerts throughout 2010, including several high profile summer music festivals, and garnered a growing fanbase. The band's popularity grew further when their songs featured in television shows and commercials, and they	they	PRON	were	AUX	 were
Christian tradition and imagery inspired and permeated much of Abu Shabaki's work, which abounds in biblical images, mirroring the experiences of a Christian who felt deeply about the teachings of the Catholic Church. In 1930, Abu Shabaki along with Michel Abou Shahla, Khalil Takieddin	Takieddin	PROPN	and	CCONJ	 and
From 1944 to 1947, the Bulgarian Anarchist Communist Federation reemerged as part of a factory and workplace committee movement, but was repressed by the new Communist regime. In 1945 in France the Fédération Anarchiste and the anarchosyndicalist trade union Confédération nationale du travail was established in the	the	DET	next	ADJ	 next
For the scene where WALL E runs from falling shopping carts, Burtt and his daughter went to a supermarket and placed a recorder in their cart. They crashed it around the parking lot and then let it tumble down a hill. To create Hal (WALL E	E	PROPN	's	PART	's
Although unexpected, it turns out to be the most abundant constituent of Betelgeuse's atmosphere. " This alters our basic understanding of red supergiant star atmospheres ", explained Jeremy Lim, the team's leader. " Instead of the star's atmosphere expanding uniformly due to	to	ADP	gas	NOUN	 gas
After another Penn State drive stalled, Michigan drove down the field, and was faced with a third and short before a freshman offensive lineman committed a dead ball unsportsmanlike conduct penalty to back up Michigan to face a third and long; on that play Olaniyan recorded his	his	PRON	third	ADJ	 third
The student was then considered an " inner barrister ", and would study in private, take part in the moots and listen to the readings and other lectures. After serving from six to nine years as an " inner barrister, " the student was called to	to	ADP	the	DET	 the
In October 2011, Bass debuted his own boy band called Heart2Heart. In August 2013, Bass became an executive producer of the documentary film Kidnapped for Christ along with Mike C. Manning. The film sheds light on controversial behavior modification methods used on children, sent there	there	ADV	by	ADP	 by
Along with Turks, Turkmens and Uzbeks, Azerbaijanis also celebrate the Epic of Koroglu (from Azerbaijani: kor oğlu for blind man's son), a legendary folk hero. Several documented versions of Koroglu epic remain at the Institute for Manuscripts of the National Academy of	of	ADP	Sciences	PROPN	 Sciences
Coming into the game, Penn State had sustained injuries two of their top tight ends, Matt Lehman and Kyle Carter. Lehman suffered a knee injury against Syracuse and was out for the season, while Carter was " day to day " with an arm injury,	,	PUNCT	but	CCONJ	 but
Stojanović wrote poems, and read the works of Petar Kočić, Aleksa Šantić, Vladislav Petković Dis, Sima Pandurović, Milan Rakić, and later the works of Russian authors. In his final years at the gymnasium, he read Plato, Aristotle, Rousseau, Bakunin	Bakunin	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
It still stands some 14 m (46 ft) high and 30 m (98 ft) long. The black staircase that leads from the Great Hall to the Senior Common Room dates from 1662, and is another of the older sections of the college still in	in	ADP	use	NOUN	 use
If they elect to play the game, however, they can not walk away until that level is complete or they have exhausted all three of their lives. Episodes featuring celebrity contestants competing for charities and teams of two contestants tweak these rules slightly. In celebrity episodes	episodes	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
In the Ionian Islands, P. fluviatile is known to occur at only one site on Corfu, as well as on Kefalonia, Lefkada and Zakynthos. In the Aegean Islands, it is found on Skiathos and Skopelos (Sporades), on Euboea and Skyros, and	and	CCONJ	at	ADP	 at
The Rear Admiral William S. Parsons Award for Scientific and Technical Progress was established by the Navy in his memory. It is awarded " to a Navy or Marine Corps officer, enlisted person, or civilian who has made an outstanding contribution in any field of science that	that	PRON	has	AUX	 has
Mark Northover as Burglekutt, the leader of the Nelwyn village council who maintains a running enmity with Willow. Phil Fondacaro as Vohnkar, a Nelwyn warrior who also accompanies Willow partway on his journey. In the film's novelization, Vohnkar is portrayed as far travelled and	and	CCONJ	worldly	ADV	 worldly
As of March 31, 2014, KKR had completed fund raising for approximately 23 traditional investment funds in the US, Europe and Asia with total committed capital of approximately US $80 billion: Source: SEC Filings KKR Financial (NYSE: KFN) is a real	real	ADJ	estate	NOUN	 estate
By the time it was released, a " near hysterical buzz " on the internet had created " slavish anticipation " for the album. Despite this, M.I.A. claimed in late 2005 that she had little comprehension of her prior popularity with music bloggers, stating that she	she	PRON	did	AUX	 did
Morales was first sent to Cámus's unit, the 3rd Regiment of the Line, which was at the front of Chile's campaigns during much of the war. Although she officially was not a soldier and was not supposed to participate in combat, this did not	not	PART	deter	VERB	 deter
So the Auckland Mounted Rifles moved forward to assault Hill 288 instead. These galloped forward and captured Hill 288, forcing the Turks to withdraw, and the Wellingtons occupied Hill 306. Turkish artillery bombarded the hill, while their troops retired to the east. Holding an	an	DET	observation	NOUN	 observation
The Maya civilization developed in an area that encompasses southeastern Mexico, all of Guatemala and Belize, and the western portions of Honduras and El Salvador. This region consists of the northern lowlands encompassing the Yucatán Peninsula, and the highlands of the Sierra Madre, running from	from	ADP	the	DET	 the
In October 2009, IGN ranked The Guardian Legend as # 87 on its " Top 100 NES Games of All Time " list and deemed it " one of the most influential games in the history of the gaming industry ". In March 2008, Game Informer editors	editors	NOUN	referred	VERB	 referred
/ pol / is 4chan's political discussion board, titled " Politically Incorrect ". A stickied thread on its front page states that the board's intended purpose is " discussion of news, world events, political issues, and other related topics ". / pol	pol	PROPN	/	PUNCT	 /
But we wanted to get out there and drive and put on a show. Delaying it every half an hour was the way it had to be. " During the waiting period on Saturday, many teams had engaged in tomfoolery in the paddock to entertain the crowds	crowds	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
Poole is located on the shore of the English Channel and lies on the northern and eastern edges of Poole Harbour, 179 kilometres (111 mi) west southwest of London, at 50.72° N 1.98° W ﻿ / 50.72; -1.98. The oldest part of	of	ADP	the	DET	 the
In 1888, Indiana Senator Benjamin Harrison, grandson of territorial Governor William Henry Harrison, was elected President after an intense battle that attracted more than 300,000 partisans to Indianapolis to hear him speak from his famous front porch. Fort Benjamin Harrison was named in his honor.	.	PUNCT	Five	NUM	 Five
In 1998, Youngblood's final year with the team, the club won its first Arena League championship, defeating the favored Tampa Bay Storm. In 1999 he began to work for the AFL office as a liaison to the National Football League and served as a special	special	ADJ	consultant	NOUN	 consultant
The third day was followed by a rest day on Sunday and play resumed on the fourth morning, a Monday, with England still 223 runs in arrears. Before the start of play, the Nottinghamshire County Cricket Club (NCCC) secretary, H. A. Brown,	,	PUNCT	broadcast	VERB	 broadcast
As a result of this popularity, Geoffrey's Historia Regum Britanniae was enormously influential on the later medieval development of the Arthurian legend. While it was by no means the only creative force behind Arthurian romance, many of its elements were borrowed and developed (e.g.,	,	PUNCT	Merlin	PROPN	 Merlin
Professors of Indonesian culture Krishna Sen and David T. Hill suggest that Noer's creative input was minimal. Instead, " for all intents and purposes " the film was the work of its producer, Brigadier General Gufran Dwipayana, then the head of PPFN and a member	member	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
The cover featuring Elsa Benítez used the caption " Goddess of the Mediterranean ". Gair contributed to this theme by body painting the models as statues of goddess: Klum (Athena), Díaz Rahi (Thalia), Veronika Vařeková (Aphrodite, Venus), Molly	Molly	PROPN	Sims	PROPN	 Sims
Late on October 16, Forrest intensified into a typhoon. The next day, the typhoon reached its peak intensity of 100 knots (190 km / h) and passed near the island of Agrihan where one building was left standing and communications were eliminated. Forrest then	then	ADV	recurved	VERB	 recurved
Zimbabwe has a centralised government and is divided into eight provinces and two cities with provincial status, for administrative purposes. Each province has a provincial capital from where official business is usually carried out. The names of most of the provinces were generated from the Mashonaland and	and	CCONJ	Matabeleland	PROPN	 Matabeleland
Taki soon after married a man named Wasaburō. The wealthy Siebold left Taki and Ine with a stockpile of valuable sugar to support themselves and arranged for his associates to watch over them. He sent Ine books of Dutch grammar, important for Western studies at the time	time	NOUN	in	ADP	 in
As tensions mounted between the Indians in the Northwest Territory and settlers on the Kentucky frontier, President Washington began sanctioning joint operations between federal army troops and local frontier militia against the Indians. In April 1790, Scott raised a contingent of volunteers from Bourbon and Fayette counties	counties	NOUN	to	PART	 to
The expedition had been an enormous success, both in accomplishing the goal it had set out to accomplish, and by generating worldwide press coverage for the company and its product. The venture was reported on as far away as India. In 1979, Oslo Marketing Association	Association	PROPN	commemorated	VERB	 commemorated
A Neolithic polished flint axe (4000 – 2201 BC) was found in the village in 1984 at Bedwell Hey Farm. Fourteen pre Roman flints of various finishes were also discovered in 1998 at the same site. A more substantial Bronze Age settlement is known to have	have	AUX	existed	VERB	 existed
The constitution was presented in April 1881, and several months later Reitz became the chairman of the Bond. His overt political activities earned Reitz criticism from those who feared a breakdown of relations with the British. It is obvious, however, that a wind of change	change	NOUN	was	AUX	 was
Churchill's conclusions were ignored by most leading Tories — except Diefenbaker. Diefenbaker's successful leadership race had been run by Allister Grosart, an executive for McKim Advertising Ltd. Soon after taking the leadership, Diefenbaker got Grosart to help out at Tory headquarters, and soon appointed	appointed	VERB	him	PRON	 him
In the 1999 FX Thanksgiving Marathon, containing fan selected episodes, " The Post Modern Prometheus " was presented as the " Best Stand Alone Episode ". Connie Ogle from The Miami Herald named The Great Mutato one of " the greatest monsters " that were featured on	on	ADP	The	DET	 The
Os Mutantes also played a central role in the short lived but revolutionary Brazilian aesthetic movement Tropicália, also known as ' Tropicalismo ' (Tropicalism), an anti authoritarian artistic reaction to the repressive military junta that seized power in Brazil in 1964. Encompassing visual art,	,	PUNCT	theatre	NOUN	 theatre
The main soils include the Chenango Pope Holly soil, the Lackawanna Arnot Morris soil, the Udorthents Urban Land Volusia soil, and the Volusia Mardin Lordstown soil. Abrahams Creek is named after a historic Mohican chief of a village in the area. The creek's watershed	watershed	NOUN	was	AUX	 was
After creating their band, characters, and logo, the players can begin playing concerts in small venues in their hometown until they unlock vans, tour buses and private jets, which unlock other cities and continents. Successful performances also earn the band fans, stars,	,	PUNCT	and	CCONJ	 and
In gratitude for Lang's heroism, Paxton covers for Lang to keep him out of prison. Seeing that Lang survived and returned from the quantum realm, Pym wonders if his wife is alive as well. Later, Lang meets up with Luis, who tells him	him	PRON	that	SCONJ	 that
Winters within subarctic climates usually include up to six months of temperatures averaging below 0° C (32° F). Tundra occurs in the far Northern Hemisphere, north of the taiga belt, including vast areas of northern Russia and Canada. A polar ice cap	cap	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
They also praised the game for its sound, voice acting and music. In a review for The Entertainment Depot, Tim McGowan complimented Emerson Johnson's soundtrack as " being quite excellent and listenable on its own ", and IGN's Alex Van Zelfdendate described it as	as	ADP	a	DET	 a
The episode " T.A.H.I.T.I. " introduces the Kree alien race to the MCU, members of which play a significant role in Guardians of the Galaxy. This begins a storyline that recurs throughout the series, and introduces Inhumans to the MCU, with Jed Whedon saying that it	it	PRON	was	AUX	 was
Green Day went into the studio to begin recording songs for a new album on February 14, 2012. Eventually, the band announced the release of albums ¡ Uno!, ¡ Dos!, and ¡ Tré!. The official confirmation of the song came with	with	ADP	the	DET	 the
" It is not clear which one of these two accounts is the accurate one, however it is clear that Edwards ' latest attempted to build a bridge cross the River Taff had yet again ended in failure. The single arch bridge was rebuilt and was actually finished	finished	VERB	.	PUNCT	.
At halftime, the score was 17 – 10 in Louisville's favor. In the second half, Virginia Tech's offense began to have success. Tech earned the only points of the third quarter — a 28 yard field goal from kicker Brandon Pace — to narrow	narrow	VERB	Louisville	PROPN	 Louisville
Entirely freeway, it runs for 22.250 miles (35.808 km) to connect Ann Arbor with Detroit by way of a connection with Interstate 96 (I 96). The western terminus is at a partial interchange with I 94 west of Ann Arbor. From there,	,	PUNCT	the	DET	 the
He makes a deal with the sirens to lure Sora and Shiro in an attempt to have one of the two races enslave humanity. Sora and Shiro deduce his deception but decide to save both races regardless. LN 5.4 Since then, Sora and Shiro have Plum accompany	accompany	VERB	them	PRON	 them
Despite being the favorite in the 200 meter breaststroke, Soni went out too fast in the first half of the race and faded in the final meters, ultimately placing fourth. In the 50 meter breaststroke, Soni was narrowly beaten for the gold and the world record	record	NOUN	by	ADP	 by
Wanting to produce works faithful to her visions, Hamasaki took control of most aspects of her artistry. I Am... is representative of this stage in Hamasaki's career; she directed the production of its songs, videos, and artwork. She began to compose less	less	ADJ	after	SCONJ	 after
In 1957, a schism resulted in Valiente and her followers leaving Gardner to form their own short lived coven. After investigating the Wiccan tradition of Charles Cardell, in 1953 she was initiated into Raymond Howard's Coven of Atho. In 1964 she then went to work	work	VERB	with	ADP	 with
" Her performance in the episode impressed NBC so much that she was offered her own sitcom, Suddenly Susan, for the network's 1996 fall lineup. In discussion of Shields performance, Joanne Ostrow of The Denver Post noted that she " did a nice turn to	to	PART	help	VERB	 help
It lasted two weeks on top before being replaced by Hopkin's " Those Were the Days ", which was produced by McCartney. " Hey Jude " was certified gold by the Recording Industry Association of America (RIAA) on 13 September; that same week,	,	PUNCT	NME	PROPN	 NME
A foundry worker who lived with his parents, he shot eight people in the English Midlands towns of West Bromwich and Nuneaton in the space of little over an hour on 26 October 1978, killing five. Following a high speed car chase, he was arrested and	and	CCONJ	in	ADP	 in
When she returned to Texas, she established and managed the Houston Symphony Orchestra and served as president of the Symphony Society. The discovery of oil on her family's plantation made Hogg very wealthy, and she used this income to benefit the people of Texas. In	In	ADP	1929	NUM	 1929
One of the couriers was wounded in the thigh as the riders quickly made for the protection of the nearby stockade. Fred ed Dixon rode ahead to warn some 70 settlers of the approaching Sauk and Fox, thus saving their lives. The small company of militia at	at	ADP	the	DET	 the
As Gikow stated, " The expansion of the Sesame Street brand into films, videos, and television specials was a natural ". There have been two full length films produced: Sesame Street Presents Follow That Bird (1985) and The Adventures of Elmo in Grouchland	Grouchland	PROPN	(	PUNCT	 (
One of the first newspaper pieces about the K Foundation appeared in The Guardian the following Monday, correctly pointing out that the shortlist and exhibition were actually for the 1993 Turner Prize, the controversial £20,000 annual award given by the UK art establishment to the best young	young	ADJ	contemporary	ADJ	 contemporary
Following his audition, Jack (Sean Hayes) receives a call back and is informed that he has become a finalist for the Manhattan Gay Men's Chorus. At the final auditions for the chorus, Jack is informed by the choral director that he will have a	a	DET	solo	NOUN	 solo
Part of the trigonid is broken off. YGSP 32152, a very worn m1 in a piece of jaw, represents the unnamed large Indraloris. Vasishat suggested in 1985 that these teeth were instead p4s corresponding to molars referable to Sivaladapis, but this hypothesis has been disproven	disproven	VERB	by	ADP	 by
Due to lack of funds, however, the home was soon turned over to Princess Alice. Pankhurst herself adopted four children, whom she renamed Kathleen King, Flora Mary Gordon, Joan Pembridge and Elizabeth Tudor. They lived in London, where – for the first	first	ADJ	time	NOUN	 time
Larry Fitzmaurice of Spin accused EMI of planning to " issue and re issue [Radiohead's] discography until the cash stops rolling in ", and Pitchfork's Ryan Dombal said it was " hard to look at these reissues as anything other than a cash grab for	for	ADP	EMI	PROPN	 EMI
The majority of fatalities, from both the war and the epidemic, were among young adults. The deaths caused by the flu may have been overlooked due to the large numbers of deaths of young men in the war or as a result of injuries. When people	people	NOUN	read	VERB	 read
At the latter tournament, he had also taken gold in the horizontal bar, the pommel horse, the vault, and the team event. In London his best event was the vault, where he finished 12th. He was 52nd in the horizontal bar, 56th	56th	ADJ	in	ADP	 in
The language of the Byzantine Greeks since the age of Constantine had been Greek, although Latin was the language of the administration. From the reign of Emperor Heraclius (reigned 610 – 641), Greek was the predominant language amongst the populace and also replaced Latin in	in	ADP	administration	NOUN	 administration
It then travels over a 182 foot (55 m) parabolic hill, which provides a moment of zero gravity as it passes over a lagoon and down onto Adventure Island. While on Adventure Island, the train passes by the Dinosaurs Alive! attraction several times.	.	PUNCT	It	PRON	 It
When Count Pierre moved his court to Argentan, Le Gris lent him 3,000 livres and, in reward, was confirmed as Seigneur of Exmes and given a valuable estate at Arnou le Faucon. As Le Gris rose in his lord's esteem, the poorer Carrouges was	was	AUX	frequently	ADV	 frequently
It operated Bristol Bulldog single seat fighters. Along with Seaplane Squadron, Fighter Squadron was a component of No. 1 Flying Training School, based at RAAF Point Cook, Victoria. As well as participating in training exercises, Fighter Squadron was frequently employed for aerobatic displays	displays	NOUN	and	CCONJ	 and
Since its original release, Mr. Nobody has become a cult film, noted for its philosophy and cinematography, personal characters and Pierre Van Dormael's soundtrack. In 2092, humanity has conquered mortality through the endless renewal of cells. The world watches in fascination as the	the	DET	118	NUM	 118
After he was taken down from the stage, he commented " Look, I know I am not supposed to be up here but let's be honest, neither is Donald Trump. " Colbert also dressed as the character on his show before the stunt to announce	announce	VERB	the	DET	 the
Then at Shine 12 on August 23, 2013 she defeated Mercedes Martinez in a singles match. On September 27, 2013 Kong and Jessicka Havok were in a losing effort against Allysin Kay and Ivelisse. On October 25, 2013 she defeated Madison Eagles in a singles	singles	NOUN	match	NOUN	 match
It was the threesome's directorial debut. She said: Vespertine is an album made by a character who's very introvert. (sic) And it's about the universe inside every person. This time around, I wanted to make sure that the scenery of	of	ADP	the	DET	 the
Topaz Lake is where US 395 leaves California, to serve the Reno and Carson City metropolitan areas. The highway runs for 87 miles (140 km) in Nevada. While in Nevada, the highway crosses one more pass, Simee Dimeh Summit, before exiting the	the	DET	mountains	NOUN	 mountains
Consistent with a role in male male aggression, adult male mice secrete significantly more Mups into their urine than females, juveniles or castrated male mice. The precise mechanism driving this difference between the sexes is complex, but at least three hormones — testosterone, growth hormone	hormone	NOUN	and	CCONJ	 and
Final Fantasy games were absent from Nintendo consoles, specifically the Nintendo 64, for seven years. Critics attribute the switch of strong third party titles like the Final Fantasy and Dragon Quest games to Sony's PlayStation, and away from the Nintendo 64, as one of	of	ADP	the	DET	 the
Much public attention has focused on Opus Dei's practice of mortification — the voluntary offering up of discomfort or pain to God; this includes fasting, or in some circumstances self inflicted pain such as self flagellation. Mortification has a long history in many world religions,	,	PUNCT	including	VERB	 including
However, the French had a small armed fleet, which would first need to be neutralized. The time needed to capture and effect some repairs to the two forts, as well as the need to build ships for use on Lake Champlain, delayed Amherst's forces	forces	NOUN	further	ADV	 further
The discontent of this period crystallized into nationwide non violent movements of non cooperation and civil disobedience, led by Mohandas Karamchand Gandhi. During the 1930s, reform was gradually legislated by the British; Congress won victories in the resulting elections. The next decade was beset with	with	ADP	political	ADJ	 political
Liz has received a gift of chocolate covered cherries and flowers from a supposed secret admirer. The " admirer " turns out to be " a law stylist ", (Jason Sudeikis) and the gifts turn out to be for his girlfriend, Liz Lemler, who	who	PRON	works	VERB	 works
The NA 16 was later augmented by the purchase of the more advanced North American NA 33, which was licensed and built in Australia by the Commonwealth Aircraft Corporation as the CAC Wirraway. No. 1 AD's commanding officers during this decade included Wing Commanders Frank McNamara	McNamara	PROPN	(	PUNCT	 (
Adjacent to the studios are the ramps from eastbound I 96 to southbound US 131 and from northbound US 131 to westbound I 96. These ramps mark the northern end of I 296, an unsigned auxiliary Interstate Highway designation applied to them and the US 131 freeway south	south	ADV	to	ADP	 to
Additionally, in November 2010, the government approved a US $300 billion program to make factories and buildings more energy efficient; it also announced plans to construct eight energy efficient lamp production plants, promote recycling and support the construction of a hybrid car plant. Medvedev	Medvedev	PROPN	announced	VERB	 announced
The final single from Rainbow, " Against All Odds (Take a Look at Me Now) ", was given a limited release as well. After performing moderately around the world, a new version of the song, featuring Westlife, was released in Ireland and	and	CCONJ	the	DET	 the
Other popular sites in the city are: Japanese Friendship Garden, Historic Heritage Square, Phoenix Mountains Park, Pueblo Grande Museum, Tovrea Castle, Camelback Mountain, Hole in the Rock, Mystery Castle, St. Mary's Basilica, Taliesin West, and the Wrigley Mansion	Mansion	PROPN	.	PUNCT	.
Since most people have at least one social identity which is negatively stereotyped, most people are vulnerable to stereotype threat if they encounter a situation in which the stereotype is relevant. Situational factors that increase stereotype threat can include the difficulty of the task, the belief that	that	SCONJ	the	DET	 the
Later that month, command capabilities were formally transferred to SAC, ending an almost six year command by the Army Corps of Engineers. Furthermore, personnel of the 4215th Base Service Squadron were reassigned to the 42d Bombardment Wing, which was reactivated and assigned to the 8th	8th	ADJ	Air	PROPN	 Air
In his dream Maximus had seen a fort, " the fairest that man ever saw ", within a city at the mouth of a river in a mountainous country and opposite an island. Edward interpreted this to mean Segontium was the city of Maximus ' dream and	and	CCONJ	drew	VERB	 drew
In an interview with The Times of India, Charan said, " When I met Anil Kapoor some time back, he told me I will ask Boney Kapoor to remake Magadheera with you in Hindi. But I said I don't know if I would want to	to	PART	do	VERB	 do
But, around the fourth season, Homer became more of the focus. According to Matt Groening, this was because " With Homer, there's just a wider range of jokes you can do. And there are far more drastic consequences to Homer's stupidity.	.	PUNCT	There	PRON	 There
The case was therefore brought before Judge Robert W. Warren, a judge in the Eastern District of Wisconsin, and heard by Warren in Milwaukee. Lawyers for The Progressive voluntarily underwent security reviews and were granted Q clearances that allowed them to access restricted nuclear information. Morland	Morland	PROPN	and	CCONJ	 and
It was released as the group's second single in October 1983 on the independent record label Rough Trade. The song is defined by Marr's jangle pop guitar riff and Morrissey's characteristically morose lyrics, which revolve around the recurrent Smiths themes of sexual ambiguity and lust	lust	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
Cheney's record as CEO was subject to some dispute among Wall Street analysts. A 1998 merger between Halliburton and Dresser Industries attracted the criticism of some Dresser executives for Halliburton's lack of accounting transparency. Although Cheney is not named as an individual defendant in the suit	suit	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
Whether injury is then caused to other living beings or not, it is immaterial. " The second main principle of Jainism is anekāntavāda (non absolutism). For Jains, non absolutism means maintaining open mindedness. This includes the recognition of all perspectives and a humble	humble	ADJ	respect	NOUN	 respect
Herschel discovered the planet Uranus, which he at first named Georgium Sidus (George's Star) after the King, in 1781. George III hoped that " the tongue of malice may not paint my intentions in those colours she admires, nor the sycophant extoll me	me	PRON	beyond	ADP	 beyond
In the majority of experiments that are specifically about consciousness, the subjects are human, and the criterion used is verbal report: in other words, subjects are asked to describe their experiences, and their descriptions are treated as observations of the contents of consciousness. For	For	ADP	example	NOUN	 example
Æthelstan's victory prevented the dissolution of England's unity. The historian Æthelweard, perhaps writing sometime around 975, said that " [t] he fields of Britain were consolidated into one, there was peace everywhere, and abundance of all things ". The battle	battle	NOUN	has	AUX	 has
What he will be remembered for is the nightmare he put the country through in his second term and for his resignation. " Irwin Gellman, who chronicled Nixon's congressional career, suggests that " he was remarkable among his congressional peers, a success story in a	a	DET	troubled	ADJ	 troubled
Massa and Räikkönen said the performance of the Ferrari F2007 car would not be compromised in any way by the required modifications. Tyre markings The Malaysian race was the first at which the tyre compounds used on the cars were differentiated by a white stripe painted in the tyre	tyre	PROPN	treads	NOUN	 treads
Almost single handedly, Sgt. Gonzalez neutralized the enemy with a barrage of LAW rockets. When it became quiet, it was thought that all of the Viet Cong inside the church had been killed. However, one had survived, and he shot and killed Sgt	Sgt	PROPN	.	PUNCT	.
He selected the name Hyde Park to associate the area with the elite neighborhood of Hyde Park in New York as well as the famous royal park in London. By 1855 he began acquiring large land tracts, which he would subdivide into lots for sale in the 1870s	1870s	NUM	.	PUNCT	.
In the First Division, Kinkladze frequently had two or even three opposing players assigned to man mark him. Several teams chose to combat Kinkladze's playmaking skill with robust tackles; in one such match on 11 January 1997, against Crystal Palace, Kinkladze had to be	be	AUX	stretchered	VERB	 stretchered
Federer finished the season having reached all four Major finals for the third time in his career following 2006 and 2007. Following Nadal's injuries, Murray and Djokovic made up further grounds in the rankings, although neither of them were able to make a Major final in	in	ADP	2009	NUM	 2009
Crombie completed his final patrol with No. 176 Squadron on 28 April 1943, before moving to Air Headquarters, Bengal four days later. Later that month, Crombie carried out two raids over Akyab, Burma, the first a strafing attack on Japanese troops in the	the	DET	area	NOUN	 area
Although the gameplay was praised by several reviewers, some found the game to be unnecessarily long, repetitive and unforgiving. In a mixed review, McCaffrey felt that the game does not offer many options of survival, requiring players to spend most of their time hiding in	in	ADP	lockers	NOUN	 lockers
Canada, Australia and New Zealand have rates of about 14 – 15%. From 2000 to 2010, the average cost per asthma related hospital stay in the United States for children remained relatively stable at about $3,600, whereas the average cost per asthma related hospital	hospital	NOUN	stay	NOUN	 stay
In 1953, the police commissioner, Walter L. Johnston, under pressure from local citizens groups concerned about moral decline and high rates of venereal disease, shut down the red light district. However, the mayoral victory of George Roy Clough, a supporter of regulated vice	vice	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
While he praised Scarlioni's costume and the mask, he felt that more could have been done with using Paris as a filming location. However, Doctor Who fandom's initial response to the serial was not so positive; John Peel, writing in the fanzine TARDIS	TARDIS	PROPN	in	ADP	 in
Stallion premiums were awarded first by the Board of Agriculture, and later by the War Office, to ensure that stallions displaying the best of the breed characteristics were used for breeding. Members of the breed served with the British army in Europe during the First World War	War	PROPN	.	PUNCT	.
However, the game also generated controversy, with criticism directed at the depiction of violence and sexual content. Grand Theft Auto III became the best selling video game of 2001, and has sold over 17 million copies. Considered one of the most significant titles of the	the	DET	sixth	ADJ	 sixth
" While Sugar was pitching the song, she played her songs but her omnichord started to lose power. Sugar and the crew realized that the sound of the omnichord losing power fit with the mood of the episode. For the eponymous song, Sugar noted that it	it	PRON	"	PUNCT	 "
At Highland Avenue, NY 32 turns east, following Highland past Quaker Road (NY 254) to Dix Avenue, where it merges east onto Dix. NY 32 remains on Dix into Hudson Falls, intersecting US 4 one last time north of the village before continuing	continuing	VERB	through	ADP	 through
At the launch of the Iraq War dozens of 12 member Special Forces teams infiltrated southern and western Iraq to hunt for Scud missiles and pinpoint bombing targets. Scores of Navy SEALs seized oil terminals and pumping stations on the southern coast. Air Force combat controllers flew combat	combat	NOUN	missions	NOUN	 missions
He is known by the epithet " father of modern taxonomy ". Many of his writings were in Latin, and his name is rendered in Latin as Carolus Linnæus (after 1761 Carolus a Linné). Linnaeus was born in the countryside of Småland, in southern	southern	ADJ	Sweden	PROPN	 Sweden
The show was intended as a benefit for the so called " Persons Unknown ", a group of anarchists facing conspiracy charges. During the performance Socialist Workers Party supporters and other anti fascists attacked British Movement neo Nazis, triggering violence. Crass afterwards argued that the leftists	leftists	NOUN	were	AUX	 were
", which presents a female only society after the extinction of men from disease. The society lacks stereotypically " male " problems such as war, but is stagnant. The women reproduce via cloning and consider men to be comical. Tiptree was a closeted bisexual woman	woman	NOUN	writing	VERB	 writing
The odour of decaying corpses could be smelled up to 10 kilometres (6.2 miles) away. Oskar Berger, a Jewish eyewitness who escaped during the 1943 uprising, told of the camp's state when he arrived there in August 1942: When we were unloaded,	,	PUNCT	we	PRON	 we
Hickling joined the Colonial Legal Service, and in 1950 was posted to Sarawak, then a British colony, as assistant attorney general and, as he put it, " cheerfully assisted in the dissolution of Empire ". In 1954, he spent two months in the	the	DET	sultanate	NOUN	 sultanate
He also put through a bill to hold a referendum on whether to make daylight saving a permanent fixture in New South Wales, following trials that had commenced in 1971. Described by one of his parliamentary colleagues as a " mixture of bon vivant and conservatism ",	,	PUNCT	Waddy	PROPN	 Waddy
He further alleges that the majority Sinhalese government was responsible for these problems, adding that the only alternative left for Tamil youths was a " revolutionary armed struggle for the independence of their nation ". Only five of the militant groups — People's Liberation Organisation of Tamil	Tamil	PROPN	Eelam	PROPN	 Eelam
The fourth day of the assault, 20 November, brought no forward movement for the Australians at the 2,200 feature as the 80th Infantry Regiment's 2nd Battalion fought tenaciously to prevent the 2 / 24th from moving forward. Nevertheless, it was a different story for the	the	DET	Australians	PROPN	 Australians
It is a saprobic species, deriving nutrients by breaking down organic matter. It has a widespread distribution, and has been found in Australia, New Zealand, North America, South America, and Asia (including Brunei, India, and Korea). In North	North	PROPN	America	PROPN	 America
He was informed of the relatively new work on stealth aircraft that had started in 1975, and he decided that this was a better avenue of approach than the B 1. Pentagon officials also stated that the AGM 86 Air Launched Cruise Missile (ALCM) launched from	from	ADP	the	DET	 the
Late on the evening of 17 / 18 February the Viet Cong and North Vietnamese Army launched an assault on FSB Andersen. The first attack was preceded by a heavy rocket and mortar barrage in the early hours of the morning, followed by two waves of infantry each	each	PRON	of	ADP	 of
" The Sunday Times remarked " Homer is good because, above all, he is capable of great love. When the chips are down, he always does the right thing by his children — he is never unfaithful in spite of several opportunities. " Homer Simpson	Simpson	PROPN	is	AUX	 is
" It Girl " was made available as a CD single in Germany on November 25, 2011. On February 29, 2012, the official remix of " It Girl " premiered online, which features Derulo's former girlfriend Jordin Sparks. The remix has a slower	slower	ADJ	tempo	NOUN	 tempo
Tavares was born on September 20, 1990 in Mississauga, Ontario, to Barbara and Joe Tavares, who are of Polish and Portuguese descent, respectively. His maternal grandparents Bolesław and Josephine Kowal immigrated from Poland to Sudbury, Ontario, and his paternal grandparents Manuel and	and	CCONJ	Dorotea	PROPN	 Dorotea
At even lower temperatures ammonia clouds form, resulting in the highest albedos at most optical and near infrared wavelengths. In 2014, a magnetic field around HD 209458 b was inferred from the way hydrogen was evaporating from the planet. It is the first (indirect)	)	PUNCT	detection	NOUN	 detection
An assessment by scholar Michael Chenoweth in 2006 indicated this storm was the same as the next hurricane, with it continuing northwestward and ultimately reaching the Gulf of Mexico. Due to not being considered the same cyclone in the official hurricane database, this hurricane and the following	following	VERB	hurricane	NOUN	 hurricane
He had become engaged in these operations after the death of his friend Colonel John Laurens, taking over Laurens ' intelligence network in the area. He commanded two cavalry squadrons and an infantry unit, and his last known battlefield command of the war occurred at James Island	Island	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
After assuring producer Michael Butler that commencing previews by April 3, 1968 would assure eligibility for consideration for the 1968 Tonys, the New York Theatre League ruled Hair ineligible, moving the cutoff date to March 19. The producers brought suit but were unable to force the	the	DET	League	PROPN	 League
We feel we have a share in him. He is more than Australian. He is a world batsman. " Haigh opined that " perhaps no touring cricketer... has been as feted as Bradman in that northern summer ". The Australians were invariably greeted by record	record	NOUN	crowds	NOUN	 crowds
The Housing and Regeneration Act 2008 created a new Homes and Communities Agency tasked with improving the supply and quality of housing in England. The Concessionary Bus Travel Act 2007 entitled disabled people and those past retirement age to free travel on local buses at off peak times anywhere	anywhere	ADV	in	ADP	 in
He secretly ordered that, if he was arrested, Vitale was to be " taken down " - demoted or killed. Until 2002, the Bonannos had been the only family in the modern history of the New York Mafia (i. e., since the Castellammarese War	War	PROPN	)	PUNCT	)
It connects the hamlet of Gulph in the town of Frankfort to the village of Frankfort by way of the Frankfort Gorge. Its western end is at the junction of County Route 145 (CR 145) and CR 185 southeast of Gulph. The eastern end is 5.69	5.69	NUM	miles	NOUN	 miles
She was sold to R. C. Ellerman on 18 October, renamed Anita I, and registered under the Panamanian flag. Under the management of the Compania de Navigation Ellanita, the ship sailed from Cardiff to Antwerp in October 1947 to begin conversion to a freighter. The	The	DET	work	NOUN	 work
Flying at an estimated altitude of 3,000 meters (9,800 ft), Kaga's aircraft bombed Arizona from amidships to stern. Soon after, Hiryu's bombers hit the bow area. The aircraft scored four hits and three near misses on and around Arizona. The near	near	ADV	miss	VERB	 miss
The Borders Railway bill was debated in September 2005 and a motion supporting it was passed with 102 in favour, none against and one abstention. On 9 May 2006, the bill committee published its final report supporting the project with two recommendations: a station had to	to	PART	be	AUX	 be
The most recent All American Council (16th) was held in November 2012, at which time Metropolitan Tikhon (Mollard) was elected. The Metropolitan Council is the permanent executive body of the Church's administration. It is tasked with implementing the decisions of the All	All	DET	American	PROPN	 American
Athens ' modern contributions to the field of bluegrass include the Packway Handle Band and BlueBilly Grit. Athens ' local country scene has never been as significant as the profusion of indie rock bands; however, modern Athens rock takes many elements from the folk, bluegrass and	and	CCONJ	country	NOUN	 country
The centre of the Unilever campaign is a 75 second spot produced by Ogilvy & Mather in Toronto, Canada. The piece was first displayed online on 6 October 2006, and was later broadcast as a television and cinema spot in the Netherlands and the Middle East.	.	PUNCT	The	DET	 The
This was the 38th annual Division I NCAA Men's Lacrosse Championship tournament. Sixteen NCAA Division I college men's lacrosse teams met after having played their way through a regular season, and for some, a conference tournament. The first round of the single elimination tournament	tournament	NOUN	was	AUX	 was
Each Kangchu was given responsibilities to oversee the operations of the plantations under his jurisdiction and the welfare of the coolies living there. In 1875, the British promulgated a set of laws which defined the roles and responsibilities of the Kangchu; they were modelled very closely to	to	ADP	the	DET	 the
Hundreds of thousands of tons of toxic debris containing more than 2,500 contaminants, including known carcinogens, were spread across Lower Manhattan due to the collapse of the Twin Towers. Exposure to the toxins in the debris is alleged to have contributed to fatal or debilitating illnesses among	among	ADP	people	NOUN	 people
However, the goals then dried up with Samaras failing to score again in 2010. He then produced a match winning performance against Rangers at Ibrox on 2 January 2011. He was selected as a lone striker and scored both Celtic goals in a 2 – 0 victory	victory	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
When the movie was launched last year, director Rajamouli dared to reveal the central theme of the story. He has succeeded in his attempt, as he was able to keep the screenplay and narration gripping from start to finish. The second half has the soul in	in	ADP	it	PRON	 it
The twinning committee also arranges Boules tournaments and social events throughout the summer. Several notable people are associated with Radyr. The children's author Roald Dahl (1916 – 90) lived in the 1920s at a house called Tŷ Mynydd in Radyr (which was demolished in	in	ADP	1967	NUM	 1967
Martin (see above) deemed Best's drumming to be inadequate for a recording. As stated in Bob Spitz's 2005 biography: " All Pete could do was play ' Fours ' ", a style of drumming that uses kick drum notes on every quarter note	note	VERB	to	PART	 to
In what has been called " a brief moment of remarkable creativity ", in 2000 Sega restructured its arcade and console development teams into nine semi autonomous studios headed by the company's top designers. Studios included United Game Artists (UGA) (headed by former Sega	Sega	PROPN	Rally	PROPN	 Rally
Wittenberg established a garrison in Poznań (Posen). On the northern front, Prince Janusz Radziwiłł signed the Treaty of Kėdainiai with Sweden on 17 August 1655, placing the Grand Duchy of Lithuania under Swedish protection. Though Radziwiłł had been negotiating with Sweden before, during	during	ADP	his	PRON	 his
Slight flooding was quickly stopped, though the shock disabled the center turbine. The ship stopped for less than 30 minutes before resuming the voyage; by 03: 50, Gneisenau and two destroyers reached Helgoland. After being joined there by Prinz Eugen, the ships left	left	VERB	for	ADP	 for
The scenes of blonde Spears were cut. Becky Bain of Idolator said that " Neither the deleted nor added parts add or subtract anything from the experience. This video was kind of doomed no matter how it was edited together. " After days of media speculation,	,	PUNCT	it	PRON	 it
In the Senate, the repeal of silver coinage was equally contentious. Cleveland, forced against his better judgment to lobby the Congress for repeal, convinced enough Democrats – and along with eastern Republicans, they formed a 48 – 37 majority for repeal. Depletion of the	the	DET	Treasury	PROPN	 Treasury
In November 2005, Cobb and Edwards put the card up for sale on eBay. They had to shut down the sale, however, because Connelly only agreed to appraise the card if his report was printed in its entirety at the eBay card listing. A few	few	ADJ	months	NOUN	 months
In 1864, following the capture of Chattanooga, the Union Army moved southward and began its invasion of north Georgia. The region surrounding Atlanta was the location of several major army battles, culminating with the Battle of Atlanta and a four month long siege of the city	city	NOUN	by	ADP	 by
Hurst Castle is an artillery fort established by Henry VIII on the Hurst Spit in Hampshire, between 1541 and 1544. It formed part of the King's Device programme to protect against invasion from France and the Holy Roman Empire, and defended the western entrance to the	the	DET	Solent	ADJ	 Solent
However, in their native habitats, it has been observed that they can survive salinities as low as 11 psu. They are also sensitive to exposure to air, and will die within an hour if taken out of the water. C. mutica reproduce all throughout the	the	DET	year	NOUN	 year
In mid July, the fleet conducted its annual summer cruise to Norway, which lasted until mid August. During the cruise, Friedrich der Grosse visited Balholmen, Norway. The autumn maneuvers followed after the fleet returned; they lasted from 31 August to 9 September.	.	PUNCT	Unit	NOUN	 Unit
These areas reported significant power outages and minor structural damage; vinyl siding was peeled off, windows were shattered, and roof shingles were torn off in some localized locations. The most severe damage was in Gaultois, where several roofs were torn off and trees were uprooted	uprooted	VERB	.	PUNCT	.
Moore came from a Roman Catholic landed family who lived at Moore Hall in Carra, County Mayo. He originally wanted to be a painter, and studied art in Paris during the 1870s. There, he befriended many of the leading French artists and writers of the	the	DET	day	NOUN	 day
Two older taxa – Charles Eugène Bertrand's Myxomycetes mangini and Bretonia hardingheni from 1892 – are now considered dubious and are today often disregarded. Friedrich Walter Domke described in 1952 a 35 to 40 million year old find in Baltic amber of Stemonitis splendens, an extant species	species	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
There were many ways of arranging the fissile material into a critical mass. The simplest was shooting a " cylindrical plug " into a sphere of " active material " with a " tamper " — dense material that would focus neutrons inward and keep the reacting mass together	together	ADV	to	PART	 to
For their debut tour, 2005's What Will the Neighbours Say? Live, the group performed the song in schoolgirl uniforms. For 2006's Chemistry Tour, it was performed as part of a medley alongside Chemistry album track " Wild Horses ". It was also	also	ADV	performed	VERB	 performed
The probabilities issued were accurate during Alicia, indicating that Galveston and surrounding portions of the upper Texas coast were the most likely area to be struck. The season's activity was reflected with a low cumulative accumulated cyclone energy (ACE) rating of 17, which is	is	AUX	classified	VERB	 classified
In the third week of the month, an upper level cutoff low developed along one of these troughs, located southeast of the United States and removed from the Westerlies. The origins of Alpha were from a surface low northeast of Florida, associated with the larger scale	scale	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
Attempting to return too quickly, he endured poor health which limited his subsequent appearances and effectiveness; by the middle of August he had scored a total of just 73 runs. A century against Middlesex led to run of bigger scores, and his contribution to Yorkshire's	's	PART	County	PROPN	 County
" McKinnon said the song is a " more personal song [...] It discusses how the choices I've made to put my best foot forward in my career, in a sense, have really done damage to my personal life. " Both " You Be	Be	VERB	Tails	PROPN	 Tails
No subspecies are recognised, although plants in the southern part of its range from Bargo River to Braidwood have longer leaves. Lambertia formosa grows as a spreading shrub to 2 m (7 ft) tall, with one or more stems arising from a woody base known	known	VERB	as	ADP	 as
You think, ' Are they going to garnish my wages, are they going to sue me? ' You don't know, " said Headley. The book was self published November 5, 2009, and was made available through the author's website at www.blownforgood.com	www.blownforgood.com	PROPN	and	CCONJ	 and
Her unexpected death on December 8, 2000 at age 57 was attributed to a massive stroke. Ann Bowling (née Trommershausen) was born June 1, 1943 in Portland, Oregon, to Claire Bowen and William Ernest Trommershausen, who worked for the Bonneville Power Administration	Administration	PROPN	.	PUNCT	.
Carthage, the second largest city in the empire, was lost along with much of North Africa in 439 AD to the Vandals, and the fate of Rome seemed sealed. By 476 AD, what remained of the Empire was completely in the hands of federated Germanic	Germanic	ADJ	troops	NOUN	 troops
Four years later, on 9 March 2014, his survival was confirmed. Mexican authorities located him again, this time in the town of Tumbiscatío, Michoacán, and attempted to apprehend him. A gunfight ensued resulting in Moreno González's death. Subsequent forensic examination confirmed	confirmed	VERB	his	PRON	 his
On 3 November, Yorck participated in the first offensive operation of the war conducted by the German fleet. She augmented the forces assigned to the I Scouting Group, which primarily consisted of the battlecruisers Seydlitz, Moltke, and Von der Tann and the large armored cruiser	cruiser	NOUN	Blücher	PROPN	 Blücher
It peaked at number 10 the following week. In Switzerland, the song debuted at number eight on the week of September 4, 2005. On September 9, 2005, the song debuted in the Danish Singles Chart at number 11. The following week, it	it	PRON	peaked	VERB	 peaked
Obama was again honored with the award in May 2015, accepting with Jill Biden. In November 2013, a Politico article by Michelle Cottle accusing Obama of being a " feminist nightmare " for not using her position and education to advocate for women's issues was sharply	sharply	ADV	criticized	VERB	 criticized
However, their 24 cm guns were insufficient to dislodge the French artillery batteries, and so Radetzky was sent to assist them. On October 21, the ship arrived, and the gunfire from her 30.5 cm guns forced the French to abandon the position. On May	May	PROPN	24	NUM	 24
At approximately the same time, Posen accidentally rammed the light cruiser Elbing and holed her below the waterline. Elbing was damaged so severely that her engine room was completely flooded and she was unable to move; the captain of the ship ordered Elbing be scuttled to prevent	prevent	VERB	her	PRON	 her
Originally, Beauty and the Beast, under the direction of Richard Purdum, was not intended to be a musical. Then studio chief Jeffrey Katzenberg made the decision to turn the film into a Broadway style musical similar to The Little Mermaid (1989), Disney's	's	PART	previous	ADJ	 previous
Launched in 1918, she undertook training exercises off the East Coast of the United States sporadically for several years. In 1919, she escorted a major transatlantic flight of Curtiss NC seaplane. Later that year, she was selected to be converted into a seaplane tender,	,	PUNCT	and	CCONJ	 and
Lincoln led his nation; Davis failed to rally the South. There were many factors that led to Union victory over the Confederacy, and Davis recognized from the start that the South was at a distinct disadvantage; but in the end, Lincoln helped to achieve victory	victory	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
On the Danish Singles Chart, " When I Was Your Man " debuted at number 23 on February 15, 2013. The song reached a high point of number 4 on March 8, 2013, and on March 22, 2013, it was certified double platinum	platinum	NOUN	by	ADP	 by
The sixth tropical depression, fourth named storm, second hurricane, and first major hurricane of the season, Danielle developed as a typical Cape Verde type hurricane from a tropical wave on August 21. Quickly intensifying, the new tropical depression became a tropical storm eighteen hours	hours	NOUN	after	ADP	 after
He also identified several posts which could be used for training potential governors, including the one he occupied and deputy governor posts such as that in Bermuda. The government accepted Penfold's recommendations, to the extent that he was appointed Governor of the British Virgin Islands in	in	ADP	1991	NUM	 1991
For example, it included an oscillating turret, mounted on trunnions, which was the first of its kind. The oscillating turret consisted of two parts, one of which was mounted on the trunnions of the lower part, attached to the turret ring. The main	main	ADJ	gun	NOUN	 gun
After a series of unsuccessful ceasefires, the United Nations Protection Force (UNPROFOR) was deployed to Croatia to supervise and maintain the agreement. A stalemate developed as the conflict evolved into static trench warfare, and the JNA soon retreated from Croatia into Bosnia and Herzegovina,	,	PUNCT	where	SCONJ	 where
Much like many of their early heavy metal contemporaries, the band received virtually no airplay on rock radio. As the band's primary songwriter, Tony Iommi wrote the majority of Black Sabbath's music, while Osbourne would write vocal melodies, and bassist Geezer Butler would	would	AUX	write	VERB	 write
Despite Mega Man 4 receiving positive critical reviews during its early 1990s release, the game is widely regarded today to represent a downward shift from the quality of the first three games in the series. The Mega Buster itself has been considered an overused mechanic by several sources	sources	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
Book Four, The Alchemist, takes place in Samarkand, in the 17th century. An alchemist named Khalid, attempts to fool the Khan into believing that he has discovered the Philosopher's stone (which supposedly can turn Lead into Gold), but his fraud is	is	AUX	uncovered	VERB	 uncovered
I 24 was forced to return a day later when an explosion in her midget submarine's battery compartment killed the midget's navigator and injured the commander. The midget submarine intended for I 28 replaced the damaged midget. The naval officer in charge of Sydney Harbour at	at	ADP	the	DET	 the
Again, interception and decryption of German wireless signals played an important role. Although they were unaware of the exact plans, the cryptographers of Room 40 were able to deduce that Hipper would be conducting an operation in the Dogger Bank area. Vice Admiral Beatty was again	again	ADV	tasked	VERB	 tasked
Supplemental magnesium treatment has been shown to reduce amphetamine self administration (i.e., doses given to oneself) in humans, but it is not an effective monotherapy for amphetamine addiction. Cognitive behavioral therapy is currently the most effective clinical treatment for psychostimulant addictions. Additionally, research	research	NOUN	on	ADP	 on
Anticipation of the execution became so great that Roney was besieged with requests to attend. Roney issued 500 invitation cards, some examples of which survive. You's hanging proceeded as planned inside the courthouse of the county seat, South Bend, on the morning of January	January	PROPN	31	NUM	 31
The 2000 grand final between the Sydney Roosters and the Brisbane Broncos attracted 94,277 spectators to the Olympic Stadium. In 2000, the Sydney Roosters named their " Team of the Century ", which included players from 1908 to 2000. The official team is listed below along	along	ADP	with	ADP	 with
By the end of the Middle Ages grammar schools could be found in all the main burghs and some small towns. Early examples including the High School of Glasgow in 1124 and the High School of Dundee in 1239. There were also petty schools, more common in	in	ADP	rural	ADJ	 rural
By December, they topped the Tories, leading with 39 percent support according to an Angus Reid poll, while the Conservatives had fallen into a second place tie with the Liberals at 25 percent. The party revealed at the same time that it had grown to over	over	ADP	13,000	NUM	 13,000
Until the Gaza Report they failed to condemn the firing of rockets and mortars at Israeli civilian centers. " The report, released on 15 September 2009, concluded that both sides had committed violations of the laws of war. It stated that Israel had used disproportionate force	force	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
Simpson moved up to 16th after finishing 5th in stage 14b – a short time trial. As the race reached the Alps, he decided to make his move. During stage sixteen he attacked on the descent of the first of three cols, the Croix de Fer	Fer	PROPN	.	PUNCT	.
At the time of the attack, none aboard Centaur witnessed what had attacked the ship. Due to the ship's position, the distance from shore, and the depth, it was concluded that she was torpedoed by one of the Japanese submarines known to be operating	operating	VERB	off	ADP	 off
The name change was controversial, with most residents still referring to both the freeway and the landmark peak as Squaw Peak. US 60 enters the Valley of the Sun within Pinal County borders in Apache Junction. After crossing into Maricopa County and into east Mesa, a	a	DET	four	NUM	 four
Dot was also voted the 46th best television character in a television poll entitled The 100 Greatest Television Characters. At the time of the 2005 general election, Labour chiefs feared that an episode of EastEnders in which Dot learned to drive could distract viewers from voting. In	In	ADP	the	DET	 the
During Amalfi's return from that mission, she was torpedoed by Austria Hungarian submarine U 26 (in fact SM UB 14 flying the Austro Hungarian flag, since Germany and Italy were not yet at war) and sunk with the loss of 67 men. Amalfi's	's	PART	loss	NOUN	 loss
The experience of trying to push Czas.. through the censors was one of the major reasons Lem decided to focus on the less censored genre of science fiction. Nonetheless, most of Lem's works published in the 1950s also contain — forced upon him by the censors	censors	NOUN	and	CCONJ	 and
On the Top R & B / Hip Hop Albums, the EP made its entry at number forty one on September 15, 2007, and lasted five weeks. Irreemplazable performed better on the Latin charts, debuting at number three on the Top Latin Albums and number	number	NOUN	two	NUM	 two
They believed that there was little basis for cooperation with the Soviet Union, even against potential adversaries. Meanwhile, Kennan studied Stalin's Great Purge, which would affect his opinion of the internal dynamics of the Soviet regime for the rest of his life. Kennan found	found	VERB	himself	PRON	 himself
A short distance from Mysore city is the Krishnarajasagar Dam and the adjoining Brindavan Gardens, where a musical fountain show is held every evening. Places of historic importance close to Mysore are Srirangapatna, Somanathapura and Talakad. B R Hills, Himavad Gopalaswamy Betta hill and the	the	DET	hill	NOUN	 hill
After the 30 days were over, MGM claimed that the period during which negotiations were suspended did not count and their exclusive period was still open. Halcyon asked a court for an injunction allowing them to approach other distributors. Later, the lawsuit was settled and MGM	MGM	PROPN	got	VERB	 got
It is largely unknown how sound is received by baleen whales. Unlike in toothed whales, sound does not pass through the lower jaw. The auditory meatus is blocked by connective tissue and an ear plug, which connects to the eardrum. The inner ear bones are	are	AUX	contained	VERB	 contained
In France the action was greeted with celebration, and it became the only naval battle commemorated on the Arc de Triomphe. The British response was despondent, although all four captains were subsequently cleared and praised at their courts martial inquiring into the loss of their ships.	.	PUNCT	The	DET	 The
Anna tries to explain to him the Western customs of courtship and tells him what it is like for a young woman at a formal dance (" Shall We Dance? "). He demands that she teach him the dance. She does, and in that	that	DET	dance	NOUN	 dance
" As a whole, the lyrical arrangements are about sexual desire and not holding back. The clean version of " The Way You Love Me " garnered generally positive reviews from music critics who noted the effective melding of the intense vocal delivery of Hilson with the rapid	rapid	ADJ	pace	NOUN	 pace
The band began talking to several labels after this and pushed the release of their debut to late 2005 or early 2006. The album was recorded at Undercity Recordings, with production duties handled by former Machine Head and Soulfly guitarist Logan Mader, and co production handled by	by	ADP	his	PRON	 his
The Kingdom of England — which after 1284 included Wales — ceased being a separate sovereign state on 1 May 1707, when the Acts of Union put into effect the terms agreed in the Treaty of Union the previous year, resulting in a political union with the Kingdom	Kingdom	PROPN	of	ADP	 of
Although the two have generally been considered separate species, the close similarities of their DNA sequences has led some, such as the Australian ornithologists Les Christidis and Walter Boles, to treat the royal as a subspecies of the macaroni. The two species are very similar in	in	ADP	appearance	NOUN	 appearance
The defending champion was Richie Porte (BMC Racing Team) who had won the 2015 Paris – Nice after winning the individual time trial on the final day; he had also won the 2013 edition. Since his 2015 victory, Porte had moved from Team Sky to	to	ADP	BMC	PROPN	 BMC
Kyle Busch was leading the race with forty four laps remaining, giving the lead to Hamlin who maintained it to win the race. There were seven cautions in the race, as well as eighteen lead changes among ten different drivers. The race was Hamlin's fourth	fourth	ADJ	win	NOUN	 win
Nobody seems to be as hip as me is what I was saying. Therefore, I must be crazy or a genius – ' I mean it must be high or low ' ", and explaining that the song was " psycho analysis set to music ".	.	PUNCT	Lennon	PROPN	 Lennon
He was named Big 12 Freshman of the Year by Sporting News. In the NBA, he has had a modest role for most of his first two seasons. He began to get regular playing time midway through his second season and in the final weeks of his	his	PRON	second	ADJ	 second
This property earns them the name " non competitive " because their effects can not be negated, no matter how much agonist is present. In functional assays of non competitive antagonists, depression of the maximal response of agonist dose response curves, and in some cases,	,	PUNCT	rightward	ADJ	 rightward
" In particular, Richardson is referring to novels of Fielding, his literary rival. This note was published with the final volume of Grandison in March 1754, a few months before Fielding left for Lisbon. Before Fielding died in Lisbon, he included a response to	to	ADP	Richardson	PROPN	 Richardson
Mindomys hammondi is a large rice rat; all other rats within its range are smaller. The fur is relatively short and woolly and is buffy with a grayish tone above and much paler — yellow or white — below, with the bases of the hairs grey.	.	PUNCT	It	PRON	 It
More generally, the battle made apparent the decisive role of small arms on the battlefield. Although the full capabilities of the arquebus would not be demonstrated until the Battle of the Sesia (where arquebusiers would prevail against heavy cavalry on open ground) two years later,	,	PUNCT	the	DET	 the
The second, entitled Paint Jump: Art of Eyeshield 21, was released on December 19, 2008. Eyeshield 21 Official Databook: Chou Senshu Retsuden Ballers High, a databook, was published on October 4, 2005. A pair of light novels were launched;	;	PUNCT	the	DET	 the
The Yangbajain Geothermal Station was established in 1977 to exploit the Yangbajain Geothermal Field in Damxung. It is the first geothermal power station to be built in Tibet and is the largest geothermal steam power plant in China. 4,000 kW of electricity from Yangbajain began to be delivered	delivered	VERB	to	ADP	 to
Streets had back to back 100 yard games in October: He posted 117 yards on eight receptions in the October 24 homecoming game against Indiana, and he had a career high 192 yards against Minnesota on October 31. Against Ohio State, he caught Michigan's only	only	ADJ	touchdown	NOUN	 touchdown
Average Ending: The player saved Honey, but did not get all five Honey hearts. Bad Ending: The player failed to save Honey. In the Game Boy Advance re release, the developers added 11 new levels and four unlockable mini games, as well as	as	ADP	a	DET	 a
He successfully defended the western front, but was unable to advance further because of local uprisings in the area. The Jin tried to extort an indemnity from the Song but never received it. In the last of the three campaigns, in early 1221, the Jin	Jin	PROPN	captured	VERB	 captured
Many of the Earth's deserts lie near the average latitude of the subtropical ridge, where descent reduces the relative humidity of the air mass. The strongest winds are in the mid latitudes where cold polar air meets warm air from the tropics. The trade winds (	(	PUNCT	also	ADV	also
Ida is the only Gilbert and Sullivan work with dialogue entirely in blank verse and is also the only one of their works in three acts. Lillian Russell had been engaged to create the title role, but Gilbert did not believe that she was dedicated enough, and	and	CCONJ	when	SCONJ	 when
In October 1994, Ranariddh and Hun Sen dropped Sam Rainsy as Finance Minister during a cabinet reshuffle. Rainsy had been appointed by Ranariddh in 1993, but both prime ministers became uncomfortable working with Rainsy, because of his pursuit of allegations of government corruption. Rainsy's	's	PART	dismissal	NOUN	 dismissal
In general, species of Cyathus have a worldwide distribution, but are only rarely found in the arctic and subarctic. One of the best known species, C. striatus has a circumpolar distribution and is commonly found throughout temperate locations, while the morphologically similar C. poeppigii is	is	AUX	widely	ADV	 widely
It was Parsons and not Tibbetts, the pilot, who was in charge of the mission. He approved the choice of Hiroshima as the target, and gave the final approval for the bomb to be released. For his part in the mission, Parsons was awarded	awarded	VERB	the	DET	 the
On their way they have to kill the Chaos Hero and fight Yuriko, who turns out to be the demon Lilith in disguise; she calls the Hero " Adam ", and says she wanted to create a new age and live with him forever, which is	is	AUX	why	SCONJ	 why
It was transferred to its current genus, Daedaleopsis, by German mycologist Joseph Schröter in 1888. D. confragosa is the type species of the genus Daedaleopsis. Several varieties have been described. L. Ljubarskii published var. bulliardi and var. rubecens in 1975. Both of	of	ADP	these	DET	 these
In July 2006, Mojo placed " Hey Jude " at number 12 on its list of " The 101 Greatest Beatles Songs " (between " Eleanor Rigby " and " Come Together "). On a similar list compiled four years later, Rolling Stone ranked the	the	DET	song	NOUN	 song
The world — having suffered a past cataclysm — was riven into a collection of five floating islands. A god rules over each realm, seeking to impose his or her own agenda. The rivalries among the gods are aggravated by Mithras's prophecy of a traitor amongst	amongst	ADP	them	PRON	 them
This was a three day exercise in the counties of Gloucestershire, Oxfordshire and Wiltshire, during which the entire 6th Airborne Division was landed by air. Unknown to the troops involved, the exercise was a full scale rehearsal for the division's involvement in the imminent invasion	invasion	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
Writing an article in defence of Collins in 2010, Gary Mills of The Quietus described the album as " determined dross " which Collins did not deserve to have his career judged by. In 2013, music critic Tom Service of The Guardian was similarly scathing, saying	saying	VERB	the	DET	 the
It featured iconic twin steeples at its facade. However, the Victoria Harbour waterfront district where the church was situated became more overcrowded with the rapid growth of Hong Kong at the time, and it became apparent that a permanent and larger cathedral was necessary. As a	a	DET	result	NOUN	 result
50% of respondents generally approved of how Brown had handled his new position. On March 30, 2011, the Democratic Senate Campaign Committee released a poll showing that Brown remained the " most popular politician in the Commonwealth of Massachusetts, with an approval rating of 73	73	NUM	percent	NOUN	 percent
Increasingly isolated, Aguirre hoped that the foreign powers could intervene, but when, on 11 January, he asked the diplomatic corps in Montevideo whether they would provide military assistance to him and his government, none responded positively. João Propício Mena Barreto sailed from Fray Bentos	Bentos	PROPN	on	ADP	 on
The aircraft was accepted by the United States Army Air Forces (USAAF) on 18 May 1945 and assigned to the 393d Bombardment Squadron, Heavy, 509th Composite Group. Crew B 9, commanded by Captain Robert A. Lewis, took delivery of the bomber and flew	flew	VERB	it	PRON	 it
He then says his goodbyes and disappears just before the children's mother walks in. Geisel created the book in response to a debate in the United States about literacy in early childhood and the ineffectiveness of traditional primers such as those featuring Dick and Jane. Geisel was	was	AUX	asked	VERB	 asked
In December 1917, Norman Chamberlain was reported missing in action during the Battle of Cambrai, and in February 1918, Norman's body was found — a great blow to Neville Chamberlain, who described Norman as " the most intimate friend I had ". Through the	the	DET	rest	NOUN	 rest
System 6 included support for the Apple ImageWriter LQ and other PostScript laser printers. New software drivers allowed the ImageWriter LQ to be used on AppleTalk local area networks and supports use of tabloid, or B, size paper (11 in × 17 in (280 mm	mm	NUM	×	PROPN	 ×
For Halo's music, O'Donnell created " frozen " arrangements that represented an approximation of a play through of the games. The Halo Original Soundtrack sold over 40,000 copies, and was followed by two different releases of the music to Halo 2. The two volumes of	of	ADP	the	DET	 the
Additional garnishes can include dill, carrot leaves, grated, minced or diced carrot, chives, other fresh, chopped herbs, croutons, and toast squares, among others. Carrot soup can be prepared as a vegan food, and can also be prepared as a	a	DET	bisque	NOUN	 bisque
It is not yet clear, however, whether the epilepsy is usually caused by hippocampal abnormalities or whether the hippocampus is damaged by cumulative effects of seizures. In experimental settings where repetitive seizures are artificially induced in animals, hippocampal damage is a frequent result. This may	may	AUX	be	AUX	 be
A CT scan confirmed Wildung's findings; Thutmose had added gypsum under the cheeks and eyes in an attempt to perfect his sculpture, Wildung explained. The CT scan in 2006, led by Alexander Huppertz, the director of the Imaging Science Institute in Berlin, revealed	revealed	VERB	a	DET	 a
He has also played in the National Basketball Association (NBA) for the Milwaukee Bucks, New Jersey Nets, Washington Wizards, and Dallas Mavericks. Yi joined the Guangdong Southern Tigers beginning with the 2002 03 season, and subsequently won the CBA Rookie of the Year	Year	PROPN	award	NOUN	 award
Mạnh worked closely with the Head of the Commission for Organization and Personnel to prepare a list of nominees for the election of the Central Committee at the upcoming congress. The 12th plenum of the 9th Central Committee, held in July 2005, laid down the principles for	for	ADP	the	DET	 the
We're surprised he didn't try something more challenging for his debut. If not much else, Schwimmer has encouraged his actors to intense their energy levels and comic timing at all costs ". The New York Post, however, noted that Schwimmer " knows a	a	DET	thing	NOUN	 thing
The cultivar epithet is enclosed by single quotes; it should not be italicized if the botanical name is italicized; and each of the words within the epithet is capitalized (with some permitted exceptions such as conjunctions). It is permissible to place a cultivar epithet after	after	SCONJ	a	DET	 a
Unfortunately for the Byzantine emperor, Conrad died in 1152, and despite repeated attempts, Manuel could not reach an agreement with his successor, Frederick I Barbarossa. Manuel's attention was again drawn to Antioch in 1156, when Raynald of Châtillon, the new Prince of	of	ADP	Antioch	PROPN	 Antioch
Because of these coincidences, several elements of the episode were changed so that it would be more sensitive in the wake of the suicides. Chris Turner's book Planet Simpson: How a Cartoon Masterpiece Defined a Generation describes the Movementarians as a cross between the Church of	of	ADP	Scientology	PROPN	 Scientology
He had the upbringing of a Gaelic noble on the Stewart lands in Bute, Clydeside, and in Renfrew. In 1315 parliament removed Marjorie's right as heir to her father in favour of her uncle, Edward Bruce. Edward was killed at the Battle of Faughart	Faughart	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
The WAAC was divided into four sections: cookery; mechanical; clerical and miscellaneous. Most stayed on the Home Front, but around 9,000 served in France. In 1914, no serving British officer of the British Expeditionary Force (BEF) had controlled a formation larger	larger	ADJ	than	ADP	 than
After La Russa retired as manager of the Cardinals in 2011, Smith became active in the organization again, starting with his stint as a special instructor for the team's 2012 spring training camp. On January 8, 2002 Smith learned via a phone call he had	had	AUX	been	AUX	 been
The Stadium is built on the site of two large chemical works opened in 1827 and 1834. These works initially thrived, but by the early part of the 20th century both were in terminal decline, and were demolished in 1932 to leave behind a 2 million tonne	tonne	NOUN	heap	NOUN	 heap
In support of his " buffalo back " hypothesis, Bailey argued that in Spinosaurus, Ouranosaurus, and other dinosaurs with long neural spines, the spines were relatively shorter and thicker than the spines of pelycosaurs (which were known to have sails); instead, the	the	DET	dinosaurs	NOUN	 dinosaurs
More specifically, for Descartes, in contrast to Buridan, movement and stasis are two states of the same thing, not different things. Although there is much ambiguity in Descartes ' notion of conatus, one can see here the beginnings of a move away from the	the	DET	attribution	NOUN	 attribution
One match provoked a public row between MacLaren and Lord's. MacLaren captained Lancashire against Middlesex at Lord's in July; rain restricted play on the first day of the three day game, and at the start of the second day, the umpires ruled that the	the	DET	waterlogged	VERB	 waterlogged
This angered many fans and led to resentment by the other gaming companies. Although TSR took legal action against several publishers in an attempt to restrict third party usage, it never brought any court cases to completion, instead settling out of court in every instance. TSR	TSR	PROPN	itself	PRON	 itself
Literary critic Jacqueline Doyle has described Cisneros's passion for hearing the personal stories that people tell and her commitment to expressing the voices of marginalized people through her work, such as the " thousands of silent women " whose struggles are portrayed in The House on Mango Street	Street	PROPN	.	PUNCT	.
In dried form it is called copra and is used to manufacture oil. The coconut husk, called coir, is used to make rope. Leaves are used to make huts, fans, mats. Palm sugar is made from budding flower. The dried midrib is	is	AUX	used	VERB	 used
Hitler, who had forbidden an Atlantic sortie after the loss of Bismarck, agreed to the proposal. The ship was taken into dock for modifications for the deployment. The ship's antiaircraft battery was strengthened, and the 10.5 cm guns on the superstructure next to the	the	DET	catapult	NOUN	 catapult
" Furthermore, he praised many of her lines and her acting ability. Damon Houx of ScreenCrush said that the episode was a " surprisingly strong Erin episode " and that " Dwight acting crazy was also well used ". Dan Forcella of TV Fanatic awarded the episode	episode	NOUN	three	NUM	 three
Zamoyski was the subject of several paintings and drawings. Most notably, he is one of the characters in two large paintings by Jan Matejko, featured on the Skarga's Sermon and Batory at Pskov. Having control of both the Chancellorship and the Grand Hetman office,	,	PUNCT	Zamoyski	PROPN	 Zamoyski
The two then fought and Tipton threatened to leave the team, but they buried the hatchet a short time later. He played in 67 games during the season, and ended the year with a.204 batting average and three triples. On October 19, 1949, the	the	DET	White	PROPN	 White
Two weeks later, Guerrero defeated Mysterio in an " I Quit " match forcing him to quit after hitting his left knee repeatedly with a steel chair. During the match, Mysterio suffered a real injury — an ACL and patella tendon tear in his left knee.	.	PUNCT	Ten	NUM	 Ten
The PHC believes that " provision was made in the atonement for the healing of our bodies ". Congregations will pray for the healing of sick people and church elders will lay hands on and anoint the person being prayed over. While in its early years the Pentecostal	Pentecostal	PROPN	Holiness	PROPN	 Holiness
In the 1880s Ezra Asher Osborn and Elnathan T. Field of New Jersey started an enterprise to develop the Florida coast from Key Biscayne to Jupiter by clearing native vegetation, leveling Indian midden mounds and beach dunes, and planting coconuts. Osborn and Field imported 300,000 unhusked coconuts	coconuts	NOUN	from	ADP	 from
Each episode opens with a tongue in cheek disclaimer: " All characters and events in this show — even those based on real people — are entirely fictional. All celebrity voices are impersonated..... poorly. The following program contains coarse language and due to its content it	it	PRON	should	AUX	 should
Almost twenty years earlier, Atrus ' two sons nearly destroyed all of his linking books and were imprisoned; Atrus now wishes to see if his sons ' imprisonment has reformed them. The player ends up traveling to each brother's prison, in an effort to recover	recover	VERB	Atrus	PROPN	 Atrus
Over the course of his career, he played in two games, completed 2 of 19 passes for 67 yards, threw no touchdowns and three interceptions, and finished his career with a passer rating of 2.2. Gault played college football at Hofstra University where he set	set	VERB	many	ADJ	 many
The Carpet from Bagdad was released on 3 May 1915, to generally positive reviews. Variety described it as a more interesting film than its title might imply, with " perfect direction and faultless acting ". Peter Milne of Motion Picture News approved of Campbell's attention	attention	NOUN	to	ADP	 to
On that day, the Ustaše students in Trebinje shot nine Serbs and arrested another fifteen, apparently due to their links to the inter war Chetnik Association. Differences began to appear between the brutal treatment of Serbs by the Ustaše and the more careful approach of the other	other	ADJ	NDH	PROPN	 NDH
Love on the Run (1936), a romantic comedy directed by W.S. Van Dyke, was her seventh film co starring Clark Gable. It was, at the time of its release, called " a lot of happy nonsense " by critics, but a financial	financial	ADJ	success	NOUN	 success
A 1994 river otter study reported findings of beaver remains in 27 of 1,191 scats analyzed. However, many other studies did not report any findings of beaver remains in the scat sampled. The otter has few natural predators when in water. Aquatic predators include the alligator	alligator	NOUN	(	PUNCT	 (
The I Division participated in several fleet maneuvers in 1891, where they typically served as the German side in the war games. Siegfried did not participate in the 1892 maneuvers, having been replaced in the I Division by her recently commissioned sister ship Beowulf. Over the	the	DET	winter	NOUN	 winter
Shruti is unhappy with her marriage and she and Barfi rekindle their friendship, much to the chagrin of the lovestruck Jhilmil, who then goes missing. Shruti files a missing person report for Jhilmil. The Darjeeling police learn about the report, resume their pursuit of Barfi	Barfi	PROPN	and	CCONJ	 and
" The two large chambers of the Baisha tomb also feature conical shaped roofs. Flanking the avenues leading to these tombs are lines of Song dynasty stone statues of officials, tomb guardians, animals, and mythological creatures. In addition to the Song gentry's antiquarian pursuits	pursuits	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
Churchill later wrote: I now intervened to settle this dispute, at one moment quite heated. I told the fire brigade officer on my authority as Home Secretary that the house was to be allowed to burn down and that he was to stand by in readiness to	to	PART	prevent	VERB	 prevent
Edith produced flooding in a few towns in the southern portion of the country, with some buildings damaged. Heavy damage was reported near Monkey River Town. Impact in Mexico, if any, is unknown. Two stations in Texas recorded sustained tropical force winds, and	and	CCONJ	Galveston	PROPN	 Galveston
In 1891, Yeats published " John Sherman " and " Dhoya ", one a novella, the other a story. The family returned to London in 1887. In March 1890 Yeats joined the Hermetic Order of the Golden Dawn. That same year Yeats and Ernest	Ernest	PROPN	Rhys	PROPN	 Rhys
However, they declined Bradman's incentive and decided to bat in a low risk manner, favouring straight batted shots. After 80 minutes of batting, England's openers reached 50, the first time they had put on a half century in the series. Hutton and	and	CCONJ	Washbrook	PROPN	 Washbrook
According to the Patria of Constantinople, it traced its antecedents to a series of charitable establishments founded in the reign of Constans II (ruled 337 – 361) by the patrikios and protovestiarios Zotikos, for which the latter was canonized by the Church. According to a	a	DET	novel	NOUN	 novel
A map published by Faithorne in 1658 describes the street as " the way from Knightsbridge to Piccadilly Hall ". A nearby gaming house, known as Shaver's Hall and nicknamed " Tart Hall " or " Pickadell Hall ", was popular with the gentry of London	London	PROPN	.	PUNCT	.
The two escape in a fighter and witness the ring's destruction. Cortana appears next in Halo 2 at an awards ceremony for the heroes of Halo: Combat Evolved on the Earth defense platform Cairo Station. A Covenant fleet arrives, and Cortana takes control of the	the	DET	Cairo	PROPN	 Cairo
In a blog post, Rowling explained that an open letter from Scottish medical professionals raised problems with First Minister Alex Salmond's plans for a common research funding. Rowling compared some Scottish Nationalists with the Death Eaters, characters from Harry Potter who are scornful of those without	without	ADP	pure	ADJ	 pure
However, he died suddenly on 8 September 1950, and representation of his faction was taken over by his flamboyant but unreliable brother Geoffrey who spent much of the company's money on ventures such as the manufacture of mouth organs and ovens, which failed. Geoffrey Hawkes	Hawkes	PROPN	also	ADV	 also
Zähringen was laid down at the Germaniawerft dockyard in Kiel under the provisional name " E " in 1899. She was launched on 12 June 1901 and commissioned into the fleet on 25 October 1902. In 1900, Schwaben followed Wittelsbach at the Kaiserliche Werft Wilhelmshaven, under	under	ADP	the	DET	 the
The prosperity of the stockyards was due to both the concentration of railroads and the evolution of refrigerated railroad cars. Its decline was due to further advances in post World War II transportation and distribution. Direct sales of livestock from breeders to packers, facilitated by advancement in	in	ADP	interstate	ADJ	 interstate
Foreign observers described this as " the largest and most wretched single exodus " of the Bosnian War. Upon their arrival in Travnik, the refugees were attended to by UNHCR staff assisted by UNPROFOR troops. At least seven died at the Travnik hospital, while about 60	60	NUM	were	AUX	 were
A one stringed, bowed fiddle called the torototela, is common in the northeast of the country. The largely German speaking area of South Tyrol is known for the zither, and the ghironda (hurdy gurdy) is found in Emilia, Piedmont and Lombardy. Existing	Existing	VERB	,	PUNCT	,
In January 1943 it moved to Fort Pickett, Virginia, for its final training. The division moved to the Hampton Roads Port of Embarkation embarkation's Camp Patrick Henry to await combat loading on the transports. The division's two combat commands, the 89th and 90th	90th	ADJ	Brigades	PROPN	 Brigades
A scene in the episode shows Homer buying new tires for his car. The scene was written by Brian Scully, who had been scammed by a Firestone Tire and Rubber Company dealer. The episode's subplot was the result of the Simpsons writers trying to find activities	activities	NOUN	for	SCONJ	 for
He worked as design lead on the 2014 video game Destiny. Jones became interested in programming in high school, and learned Applesoft BASIC and 6502 Assembly on an Apple II series computer. When Apple released its Macintosh line, Jones's family purchased a Macintosh 128 K	K	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
A chapel also continued to be run on the island. In 1913, just before the outbreak of World War I, Carabane suffered a fire which caused its business to decline. People gradually left the island in search of work in Ziguinchor and even Dakar. On	On	ADP	December	PROPN	 December
The actual battlefield command of the 100 Royal Marines brigaded with the 85th Foot went to a less senior officer, Major Thomas Benjamin Adair, commanding officer of the Marine detachment on HMS Vengeur. Nicolls embarked HMS Erebus on 12 January at Cat Island Roads, and disembarked	disembarked	VERB	at	ADP	 at
This design choice is not only intended to foster feelings of apprehension and fear within the player, but also to create a more threatening game environment in which the player is less likely to see attacking enemies. This aspect is further enhanced by the fact that the player	player	NOUN	must	AUX	 must
C SPAN has been described by media observers as a " window into the world of Washington politics " and it characterizes its own mission as being " to provide public access to the political process ". The networks cover U.S. political campaigns, including the Republican, Democratic	Democratic	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
As Dunster falls within the Exmoor National Park, some functions normally administered by district or county councils have, since 1997, fallen under the Exmoor National Park Authority, which is known as a ' single purpose ' authority, whose purpose is to " conserve and enhance	enhance	VERB	the	DET	 the
The site of Köllnischer Park was just outside Cölln in the Middle Ages. Until the mid 17th century, it was undeveloped low lying, swampy land prone to flooding by the Spree. Following the decision by Frederick William, the ' Great Elector ' to encircle Berlin	Berlin	PROPN	with	ADP	 with
Nevertheless, he was relieved that the race passed without any major incident and said the reason why the majority of the drivers supported Michael Schumacher was that he " behaved like a perfect leader ". Villeneuve said to British television station ITV that he felt discussing a no	no	DET	overtaking	VERB	 overtaking
These jets might play a crucial role in the resulting supernova explosion. (A similar model is now favored for explaining long gamma ray bursts.) Initial asymmetries have also been confirmed in Type Ia supernova explosions through observation. This result may mean that the initial luminosity	luminosity	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
The absolute numbers did not matter to the German troops who were freezing with no winter clothing, and whose equipment was not designed for such severe weather. More than 130,000 cases of frostbite were reported among German soldiers. Frozen grease had to be removed from every loaded	loaded	VERB	shell	NOUN	 shell
Despite their efforts, she foundered later that morning after Forester and the flotilla leader Faulknor took off the survivors. A month later Forester was one of the escorts for Force H during Operation Hurry, a mission to fly off fighter aircraft for Malta and conduct an airstrike	airstrike	NOUN	on	ADP	 on
Bagramyan, however, commented that he had had a frictional relationship with Chibisov and instead nominated Lieutenant General K. N. Galitsky. Stalin, belatedly realizing that Bagramyan was implying that the two would be unable to coordinate harmoniously due to a conflict of holding the same rank,	,	PUNCT	agreed	VERB	 agreed
In particular, Poland was in no position to resume Piłsudski's effort to build an Intermarum federation of Poland and some of its neighbors; and a " Promethean " endeavor to " break up the Russian state into its main constituents and emancipate the countries that have been	been	AUX	forcibly	ADV	 forcibly
All three parts were built by two groups of German Jews expelled from Berlin and imprisoned at the Warsaw Ghetto (a total of 238 men from 17 to 35 years of age). Hauptsturmführer Richard Thomalla, the head of construction, brought in German Jews because they	they	PRON	could	AUX	 could
The rule of the sector is mostly split among four houses, each named after the sleeper ship that brought them to the system. Each house exhibits the culture of its terrestrial ancestor: Liberty of 1920s United States, Bretonia of Victorian era United Kingdom, Kusari of	of	ADP	Shogunate	PROPN	 Shogunate
Courageous also was temporarily fitted as a minelayer in April 1917, but never actually laid any mines. In mid 1917 both ships received a dozen torpedo tubes in pairs: one mount on each side of the mainmast on the upper deck and two mounts on each side	side	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
The first relief of the siege came in the spring of 1780 when Admiral George Rodney captured a Spanish convoy off Cape Finesterre and defeated a Spanish fleet at the Battle of Cape St. Vincent, delivering reinforcements of 1,052 men and an abundance of supplies. The British defenders	defenders	NOUN	continued	VERB	 continued
In addition to the dedication, the tollway authority sponsored a Charity Walk / Run / Roll and " Roll the Tollway ", a charity pre opening bicycle ride on the highway's south extension. After noting the success of the festival, a tollway spokesman announced plans	plans	NOUN	to	PART	 to
Originally it was supposed to use a theremin, but one could not be found that could hit all the necessary notes. Usually when the producers submit an episode for the Primetime Emmy Award for " Outstanding Individual Achievement in Music Composition for a Series (Dramatic Underscore)	)	PUNCT	"	PUNCT	 "
Their initial impact would have been enough to establish the Beatles as one of their era's most influential cultural forces, but they didn't stop there. Although their initial style was a highly original, irresistibly catchy synthesis of early American rock and roll and R &	&	CCONJ	B	PROPN	 B
Clingman was offended by the tone of Yancey ’ s speech and afterwards Yancey refused to clarify that he had not intended to impugn Clingman ’ s honor. Clingman challenged Yancey to a duel, and he accepted. The exchange of pistol fire occurred in nearby Beltsville,	,	PUNCT	Maryland	PROPN	 Maryland
He dedicated the book to Cumberland, to whom he had presented a manuscript of the work in 1592, stating in the preface it was through Cumberland that he " was first moved, and received maintenance to divert my mathematical studies, from a theorical speculation in the	the	DET	Universitie	PROPN	 Universitie
By the turn of the century, however, the violence of Free State officials against indigenous Congolese and the ruthless system of economic extraction had led to intense diplomatic pressure on Belgium to take official control of the country, which it did in 1908, creating the Belgian	Belgian	PROPN	Congo	PROPN	 Congo
VanDerWerff felt that episode's first half was " bland " and " fairly staid ", but that its second half compensated for this, becoming " one of the best episodes of horror TV I ’ ve ever seen ". Bill Gibron, writing for DVD Talk	Talk	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
" Book XXXIV covers the base metals, their uses and their extraction. Copper mining is mentioned, using a variety of ores including copper pyrites and marcasite, some of the mining being underground, some on the surface. Iron mining is covered, followed by lead	lead	NOUN	and	CCONJ	 and
As the game's theme was the use of the sword, and the sword most associated with the series was the Master Sword, the team decided to make it an origin story for the weapon. An early element was whether to incorporate the creation of Hyrule,	,	PUNCT	while	SCONJ	 while
The show's dominance began to be challenged throughout the decade by other television shows for preschoolers such as Barney & Friends, by the growth of the children's home video industry, and by the increase of thirty minute children's shows on cable. Sesame Street's	's	PART	ratings	NOUN	 ratings
Jack's original appearances in Doctor Who were conceived with the intention of forming a character arc in which Jack is transformed from a coward to a hero, and John Barrowman consciously minded this in his portrayal of the character. Following on that arc, the character's	's	PART	debut	NOUN	 debut
The Cavalry Headquarters are at Armageddon, at the present moment. Chetwode ordered the continuation of the XX Corps ' attacks; the 10th Division was to capture Nablus, the 53rd Division was to advance towards the high ground north and north east of Nablus, in the	the	DET	direction	NOUN	 direction
New York's censor board was more thorough than that of any other state, missing only around 50 of the country's 1,000 to 1,300 annual releases. In 1927 – 28 the violent scenes removed were all of those in which a gun was pointed at the camera	camera	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
Richard Brereton later married Dorothy Egerton, and upon his death the estates passed into the Egerton family. In 1617 John Egerton, son of Sir Thomas Egerton, became Earl of Bridgewater. The Egerton family was descended from Sir Richard Egerton of Ridley, Cheshire. His	His	PRON	illegitimate	ADJ	 illegitimate
These chemical signals may include proteins from invading bacteria, clotting system peptides, complement products, and cytokines that have been given off by macrophages located in the tissue near the infection site. Another group of chemical attractants are cytokines that recruit neutrophils and monocytes from the blood	blood	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
The maximum useful range of the traditional Arabian bow was about 150 m (490 ft). Early Muslim archers, while being infantry archers without the mobility of horseback archer regiments, proved to be very effective in defending against light and unarmored cavalry attacks. A few	few	ADJ	days	NOUN	 days
Two, he's effective in combat... and three, he's a dog that stays with you through thick and thin. I don't think there's a deeper ' awww ' sentiment than people have in their hearts for their pets. " Kotaku's Owen	Owen	PROPN	Good	PROPN	 Good
A letter was then sent to Le Soir in which an individual alleging to be the thief stated that the item would be returned if Hergé returned to the scene of the crime at a certain time with a copy of the book under his right arm. Hergé did	did	VERB	so	ADV	 so
Douglas, in her concession speech, declined to congratulate Nixon. Marcantonio was also defeated in his New York district. A week after the election, Downey announced that he was resigning for health reasons. Warren appointed Nixon to the short remainder of Downey's term;	;	PUNCT	under	ADP	 under
McGillis also felt that the content of the Goosebumps series is " thin in the extreme ". Stine's books have a reputation for getting children excited about reading, which the writer is very proud of. James Carter, writing in Talking Books: Children's Authors	Authors	PROPN	Talk	VERB	 Talk
It was equipped with two Bofors 40 mm (1.6 in) guns. It was produced by Cadillac near the end of 1944. The M19 was developed from the T65 which was based on the M5 light tank chassis. The original design was improved upon and designated	designated	VERB	the	DET	 the
The light puck also has the ability to magnify Neku and his partner's attacks as long as when they hold the puck, they are not attacked by an enemy and can continue this in a volley. The player controls Neku by performing touchscreen actions based on the	the	DET	currently	ADV	 currently
With 16,000 employees, the Glasgow factory was one of the largest industrial operations in Scotland. Unlike the Derby and Crewe plants which relied significantly on external subcontractors, it produced almost all the Merlin's components itself. Engines began to leave the production line in November 1940	1940	NUM	,	PUNCT	,
In his 1877 monograph on North American rodents, Elliott Coues mentioned two specimens of Oryzomys from Jamaica in the collections of the United States National Museum (USNM). According to Coues, the specimens were similar to the marsh rice rat (Oryzomys palustris) of the	the	DET	United	PROPN	 United
After several hundred years of no permanent habitation, the second wave of migration arrived from Canada, bringing the Dorset people to western Greenland. The first wave of immigrants, known as Dorset I, arrived around 500 BCE, inhabiting the region for the next 700 years	years	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
Pettibone had to keep things moving as fast as possible as he did not want Madonna to lose interest in the music. At this point, as far as the music went, it was getting a little melancholy. However, as Pettibone explained, Madonna's stories	stories	NOUN	directed	VERB	 directed
The last taxonomic delineation of the jaguar subspecies was performed by Pocock in 1939. Based on geographic origins and skull morphology, he recognized eight subspecies. However, he did not have access to sufficient specimens to critically evaluate all subspecies, and he expressed doubt about the	the	DET	status	NOUN	 status
One other crater also appears to have been formed at about the time of the K – Pg boundary. Other crater like topographic features have also been proposed as impact craters formed in connection with Creaceous Paleogene extinction. This suggests to some the possibility of near simultaneous multiple	multiple	ADJ	impacts	NOUN	 impacts
Iron County prosecutor Scott Burns stated that he had witnesses from three different states and crime scenes in three different counties. While awaiting trial in the county jail, Parsons became afflicted with a severe case of crab lice. Lieutenant Matt Yengich told investigators that Parsons likely contracted	contracted	VERB	the	DET	 the
It was located at Wolf Point in the present day Loop community area at the intersection of the north, south and main branches of the Chicago River. The location at West Lake Street and North Wacker Drive (formerly Market Street) was designated a Chicago Landmark on	on	ADP	November	PROPN	 November
The first known specimens of Banksia coccinea were collected in December 1801, during the visit to King George Sound of HMS Investigator under the command of Matthew Flinders. On board were botanist Robert Brown, botanical artist Ferdinand Bauer, and gardener Peter Good. All three men	men	NOUN	gathered	VERB	 gathered
The author hoped to launch the series in another form but plans for a television adaptation are on hold as production moves forward on the film. As the film adaptation of Morpheus ' story were being planned, DC and Fox discussed in September about a possible TV series	series	NOUN	based	VERB	 based
The United States established the temporary Plateau Station in 1966. In 1948, the newly created Norwegian Polar Institute was assigned the administration of Norwegian territories in the Arctic and Antarctic, including Queen Maud Land. Norway sent two major expeditions to the territory in the 1940s and	and	CCONJ	1950s	NUM	 1950s
They did not achieve a three game sweep against any team in the opening month, nor were they swept. By winning at least one game in each series, the Phillies were able to achieve their first winning April in several seasons, and only their fourth since	since	SCONJ	their	PRON	 their
For example, " 1P / 1982 U1, 1986 III, 1982i " indicates that for the perihelion in 1986, Halley was the first period comet known (designated 1P) and this apparition was the first seen in half month U (the second half of October	October	PROPN	)	PUNCT	)
Manchester Liners established regular sailings by large ocean going vessels. In late 1898 the Manchester City, at 7,698 gross tons, became the largest vessel to reach the terminal docks. Carrying cattle and general cargo, it was met by the Lord Mayor of Manchester and a	a	DET	large	ADJ	 large
In August 1996, breeder Fernand Leredde, of the " Haras des Rouges " stud farm, developed the idea of the Cheval de Sport Anglo Normand (CSAN, or Anglo Norman Sport Horse), to preserve the genetic heritage of four generations of Anglo Norman horses	horses	NOUN	still	ADV	 still
He returned to the major league Phillies as a September callup, and on September 7, 2013, he compiled four hits including a game winning home run against the Atlanta Braves. Overall, 19 at second base, 14 at third base, 10 in left field	field	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
" Beautiful " has been embraced by the LGBT community as an anthem. On October 5, 2010, several hundred people gathered in front of the Massachusetts State House and sang " Beautiful " as a tribute to the teenagers who had committed suicide due to anti gay	gay	ADJ	bullying	NOUN	 bullying
Riders received time bonuses for finishing in the first three places on each stage (excluding the team time trial and individual time trial). The rider with the lowest cumulative time was awarded the pink jersey (the maglia rosa) and was considered the winner of the	the	DET	Giro	PROPN	 Giro
Though his invasion was successful, his overall efforts failed and the dynasty was ended by the Seuna rulers who drove Someshvara IV into exile in Banavasi in 1189. Though these turbulent events caused a setback to the Veerashaiva gatherings and creation of poems, the movement had set	set	VERB	roots	NOUN	 roots
In 1947, Eugene Wigner, the director of the Oak Ridge National Laboratory (ORNL), asked the Atomic Energy Commission for permission to use the Beta calutrons to produce isotopes for physics experiments. This was granted, and a wide range of isotopes was produced.	.	PUNCT	Lithium	NOUN	 Lithium
The New York Times. 5 October 1989. Retrieved 9 May 2007. Rogers, J. David. " Development of the World's Fastest Battleships " (PDF). Retrieved 22 December 2008. Rosenthal, Andrew (26 May 1989). " Pentagon Transferring Crewman	Crewman	PROPN	Under	PROPN	 Under
The second of these theories is the genocide hypothesis, which asserts that the aboriginal populations of the Northern and Western Isles were eradicated and replaced wholesale with settlers of Scandinavian stock. The strength of this argument is the almost total replacement of pre existing place names by those	those	PRON	of	ADP	 of
The western subspecies is found in western North America, including parts of Mexico. The Panamanian subspecies is located in Central America. The Clarion Island subspecies is found only on Clarion Island, just off the Pacific coast of Mexico. The mourning dove is sometimes called the	the	DET	"	PUNCT	 "
The CKP was built to enable ore and coal to be brought together at steel foundries in both counties. The line opened for goods traffic in 1864, and the following year it began to carry passengers. Fares varied, but holidaymakers could buy excursion tickets at discounted	discounted	VERB	prices	NOUN	 prices
" Twentieth century critics favoured the view that Smart suffered from some kind of mental distress when writing his poems. A review by " Mathews " titled " Thin Partitions ", in 30 March 1901 The Academy, claimed that: Now Christopher Smart was a very beggarly	beggarly	ADV	poet	NOUN	 poet
Hugging Leona, a smitten Letterman caught her by surprise by asking: ' Anything you want to talk about? ' As Leona looked bemused Letterman cheekily added: ' Let's go up to the house and we'll talk about it. ' " Smith concluded her	her	PRON	review	NOUN	 review
The roller coaster has continuously ranked high in worldwide polls and, as of 2007, featured queues in excess of an hour due to its popularity. More than 50 million people have ridden Nemesis since opening. In Amusement Today's annual Golden Ticket Awards, Nemesis has	has	AUX	consistently	ADV	 consistently
The dog conch lives on muddy sand bottoms among algae and seagrass beds on insular and continental shores. It usually prefers major islands and continental coasts rather than the shores of small islands, although this is not an absolute rule. L. canarium prefers areas of mixed seagrasses	seagrasses	NOUN	(	PUNCT	 (
Boxleiter wrote most of the script, which is over 20,000 words. It was his first effort at professional writing, and it took him five months. He and Wohlwend would conference after each chapter for coherency. Boxleiter wanted the story to explore the " questions...	...	PUNCT	floating	VERB	 floating
However, Fanning said he hoped that the EP ’ s chart success would open doors for Powderfinger to play at renowned concerts such as the Big Day Out. " Reap What You Sow ", the opening track on Transfusion, received some air time on Triple M	M	PROPN	in	ADP	 in
It premiered on the Fox network on February 6, 1998. The episode was written by Michael R. Perry and directed Roderick J. Pridy. " The Mikado " featured a guest appearance by Allan Zinyk as Brian Roedecker. After a group of boys witness a murder via	via	ADP	a	DET	 a
Hobart was an attractive candidate as he was from a swing state, and the Griggs victory showed that Republicans could hope to win New Jersey's electoral votes, which they had not done since 1872. Another reason for a Hobart selection was his wealth; he could	could	AUX	be	AUX	 be
" The Beast's verse reads, " when we touched she didn't shudder at my paw. " According to Laurence E. MacDonald, author of the book The Invisible Art of Film Music: A Comprehensive History, Benson " shocked many filmgoers with his richly resonant	resonant	ADJ	baritone	NOUN	 baritone
Simpson's selection of Boyd as interim president was influenced by Boyd's previous experience as an academic administrator, his experience as director of the Engineering Experiment Station, and his ongoing position on the station's board of directors. The chancellor hoped this combination would help resolve	resolve	VERB	a	DET	 a
Along with most of the JG 52 personnel, Graf was handed over by the Americans to the Soviets shortly after his surrender on 15 May 1945. Having become famous via the Nazi propaganda machine and as the Commander of JG 52, Graf was singled out for attention	attention	NOUN	by	ADP	 by
Steven Culp and William Daniels play Dr. Parker and Dr. Craig Thomas, respectively. Dr. Parker is Chief of Cardiothoracic Surgery and Dr. Craig Thomas (William Daniels) is an attending cardiothoracic surgeon at Mayo Clinic, where Cristina worked temporarily. Dr. Alana Cahill (Constance Zimmer	Zimmer	PROPN	)	PUNCT	)
In general, the proteasome is not required for apoptosis, although inhibiting it is pro apoptotic in most cell types that have been studied. Apoptosis is mediated through disrupting the regulated degradation of pro growth cell cycle proteins. However, some cell lines — in particular,	,	PUNCT	primary	ADJ	 primary
The final findings of the National Commission, issued April 19, included a statement that the public generally desired an economic partnership with Canada. Fearing Bouchard and Dumont would further dilute their position as the referendum wore on, Parizeau agreed to negotiate a broader approach, and	and	CCONJ	would	AUX	 would
250 and 262 had moquette seating. 263 284 had wooden seating fitted. From October 1953, a number of F and F1 type trams were repainted from Tuscan and Cream livery into Carnation Red and Silver. The trams repainted were 201 204, 213, 216,	,	PUNCT	218	NUM	 218
It becomes a big, tall monster. It's almost like this big gorilla looking down at you. If he smacks you, he kills you. His fingers are the size of your body. That's kinda what we're doing. We're facing this	this	DET	big	ADJ	 big
These secondary growths typically number between four and seven; some may be aborted as the nutrients from the pine cone substrate are depleted, resulting in stems lacking caps. In one instance, a complete secondary proliferation was noted (i.e., growing from a primary proliferation)	)	PUNCT	that	PRON	 that
It is accessible from NY 97 in Lumberland on the New York side and two dead end local roads, Flagstone Road (State Route 1011) and Rosa Road on the Pennsylvania side. The bridge was built in 1903 by the Oswego Bridge Company to replace an old	old	ADJ	suspension	NOUN	 suspension
In the final 67 second clip, Clark helps Darryl out with Power Point. The cold opening for the episode features Andy showing the office various sports bloopers that he edited to make look funnier than they actually are, a reference to the popular " Fail " internet	internet	NOUN	memes	NOUN	 memes
I would guess that the effects of the est training are substantial for a large proportion of people. ” In the latter portion of the book Fenwick discusses comparisons of the est training to brainwashing and psychotherapy, potential harmful effects of the course, and the extent that	that	SCONJ	positive	ADJ	 positive
He traveled on a Persian passport because he had given up writing as well as speaking and would not sign the forms required by the British government of India. On his first trip to England in 1931 he traveled on the SS Rajputana, the same ship that was	was	AUX	carrying	VERB	 carrying
In an attempt to keep his remarks apolitical, Washington defended his policy by framing it as generic guidance for the future and did not mention the French by name: The great rule of conduct for us, in regard to foreign nations, is in extending our commercial	commercial	ADJ	relations	NOUN	 relations
By two days after the storm, Pennsylvania Power and Light restored power to about 80% of its impacted customers, with about 93% restored by two nights after the storm. By five days after Isabel, most power outages in southeastern Pennsylvania were repaired, with	with	ADP	all	DET	 all
The screenplay by Horton Foote focuses on Mac Sledge, a recovering alcoholic country music singer who seeks to turn his life around through his relationship with a young widow and her son in rural Texas. Robert Duvall plays the role of Mac; the supporting cast includes Tess	Tess	PROPN	Harper	PROPN	 Harper
The piano is believed to have been carried up for charity by removal men from Dundee over 20 years earlier. The view from the UK's highest point is extensive. Under ideal conditions, it can extend to over 190 kilometres (120 mi), including such	such	ADJ	mountains	NOUN	 mountains
Point Welcome was patrolling Area 1A1 immediately south of the DMZ in the early morning hours of 11 August 1966. At 03: 40 the cutter was illuminated by an U.S. Air Force forward air controller (FAC) who mistook her for an enemy vessel. The FAC	FAC	PROPN	called	VERB	 called
Similarly heartbroken when her favourite daughter Anne died in 1716, Sarah kept her favourite cup, a lock of her hair, and adopted the Sunderlands ' youngest child, Lady Diana, who would later become her favourite granddaughter. John Churchill died at Windsor in 1722,	,	PUNCT	and	CCONJ	 and
In one notable action, German submarine U 47 sank the battleship HMS Royal Oak at Scapa Flow in October 1939, with the loss of 786 crew. As a consequence the Admiralty pressed for the RAF's efforts to concentrate on RAF Coastal Command rather than a strategic	strategic	ADJ	striking	ADJ	 striking
He received rave reviews for his performance — Variety called it a " crackling good guest stint " — and he reprised the role in the show's 2007 season. In the fall of 2006, Whitaker started a multi episode story arc on ER as Curtis Ames,	,	PUNCT	a	DET	 a
Morgan later explained, “ I always wanted to do something with the SETI background. Hope that kids at school check out SETI, because it was factual as to what exists. ” " Little Green Men " premiered on the Fox network on September 16, 1994	1994	NUM	,	PUNCT	,
Administration of the preserve was outlined in a management plan for the sustainable development of the island prepared by the NSW National Parks and Wildlife Service, which has a ranger stationed on the island. The Island was cited under the UNESCO World Heritage List in 1982. Offshore	Offshore	ADJ	environmental	ADJ	 environmental
His stay on Köln was occasionally interrupted to attend further training courses at Wilhelmshaven and Kiel Wik. During this assignment on 30 January 1933, the Nazi Party, under the leadership of Adolf Hitler, came to power in Germany, and began to rearm the navy.	.	PUNCT	In	ADP	 In
At 12: 00 on 25 September at 49° 30′ N 09° 00′ W, Armide, an outlying frigate from Allemand's squadron, spotted sails to the southeast. Closing to investigate, these sails were identified as a small British convoy, not the expected	expected	VERB	force	NOUN	 force
Some dubstep artists have also incorporated a variety of outside influences, from dub influenced techno such as Basic Channel to classical music or heavy metal. Dubstep rhythms are usually syncopated, and often shuffled or incorporating tuplets. The tempo is nearly always in the range of 138	138	NUM	–	PUNCT	 –
That same month, Olympia Press published the SCUM Manifesto with essays by Girodias and Krassner. In January, 1969, Solanas underwent psychiatric evaluation and was diagnosed with chronic paranoid schizophrenia. In June, she was finally deemed fit to stand trial. She represented herself without	without	ADP	an	DET	 an
In May 2016, the Beijing city legislature announced it will consider to start levying traffic congestion charges by 2020 as part of a package of measures to reform the vehicle quota system. As of June 2016, the city's environmental and transport departments are working together on	on	ADP	a	DET	 a
The successful comic operas with Sullivan continued to appear every year or two, several of them being among the longest running productions up to that point in the history of the musical stage. After Pinafore came The Pirates of Penzance (1879), Patience (1881)	)	PUNCT	,	PUNCT	,
An inquest into Lynott's death was held at Birmingham Coroner's Court in January 2003. The hearing was told that marks found on her back and an arm may have been bruising, but the pathologist who conducted the original post mortem could not be sure how she	she	PRON	had	AUX	 had
On February 5, a tropical disturbance formed north of St. Brandon, and quickly intensified into Tropical Storm Gabrielle by the next day. Moving to the southwest, the storm attained peak winds of 80 km / h (50 mph). On February 6, Gabrielle	Gabrielle	PROPN	passed	VERB	 passed
This idea was initially suggested by Paul Heyman and was chosen as his name because it is the middle name of WWE Chairman Vince McMahon. Kennedy defeated Funaki once again in his SmackDown! debut on August 25, 2005. Kennedy also created an ongoing mini feud with	with	ADP	SmackDown	PROPN	 SmackDown
Opeth returned home in 2004 to start writing new material for its eighth album, and by the end of the year, they had finished writing it. Opeth's European label, Music for Nations, closed its doors in 2005, and after negotiations with various labels	labels	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
Four 1804 dated eagles were struck in 1834 for inclusion in sets of US coins to be given to foreign potentates. These 1804 " Plain 4 " coins differ from the eagles actually struck in 1804 in the way the " 4 " in the date is styled,	,	PUNCT	and	CCONJ	 and
The state would build this section of road for the USACE. The bridge over the Kinzua Creek was advanced to the review stage by September 1964, and construction of the new road between Red Bridge and PA 59 was scheduled to be built starting in 1965. By	By	ADP	November	PROPN	 November
The laws also deprived so called " non Aryans " of the benefits of German citizenship. These laws were among the first race based measures instituted by the Third Reich. Himmler and Heydrich wanted to extend the power of the SS; thus, they urged Hitler to	to	PART	form	VERB	 form
Large animals, due to the relatively small ratio of surface area of their body compared to the overall volume (Haldane's principle), face far greater problems of dissipating excess heat at higher temperatures than gaining it at lower. Sails of large dinosaurs added considerably to	to	ADP	the	DET	 the
, which began construction on the dam in early 1931. Such a large concrete structure had never been built before, and some of the techniques were unproven. The torrid summer weather and lack of facilities near the site also presented difficulties. Nevertheless, Six Companies turned	turned	VERB	over	ADP	 over
Sports, Jason Clevett and Kenai Andrews, with Andrews providing a live attendance review. Clevett rated the entire event a 3 out of 10, which was lower than the 7 out of 10 given to the 2007 edition by Chris Sokol. 7 out of 10 was	was	AUX	also	ADV	 also
The two branches of the family produced many voivodes, Transylvanian princes and a king, (Stefan Batory of Poland). Báthory belonged to the powerful family of Gutkeled, of the Ecsed branch. The name Báthory and the family coat of arms were granted in 1325	1325	NUM	.	PUNCT	.
This was the first time in history that a world power had guaranteed the survival of the Jewish people, religion, customs and culture. " Before the release of 300, Warner Bros. expressed concerns about the political aspects of the film's theme. Snyder relates that	that	SCONJ	there	PRON	 there
On July 14, 1931, Assistant Mint Director Mary Margaret O'Reilly wrote to Moore, asking the Commission's advice on a design competition for the new quarter. Moore replied, stating that as Fraser had won the competition for the medal, she should adapt her design	design	NOUN	for	ADP	 for
He accepted the role and returned to New Zealand in September 1941. Puttick's focus was on ensuring the manpower of the 2NZEF in North Africa was adequately maintained by reinforcements. In the face of the increasing threat of the Japanese Empire in the Pacific, he also	also	ADV	put	VERB	 put
According to the sheet music published at SheetMusicPlus.com, the song is set in the time signature of common time, with a tempo of 100 beats per minute. It is set in the key of F major with Madonna's voice spanning from the notes of C5 to	to	ADP	B	PROPN	 B
They soon reached their positions with the brigade, between the 2nd Light Horse and 22nd Mounted Brigades, and waited for the infantry divisions to assault the town. At 14: 00, as the infantry were having problems, the brigade were ordered to attack. The	The	DET	regiment	NOUN	 regiment
Spain commissioned three ships of the España class, with the first laid down in 1909. The three ships were the smallest dreadnoughts ever built. They were built in Spain, with assistance; construction on the third ship, Jaime I, took nine years from its	its	PRON	laying	VERB	 laying
The girl says " ok, that's good ", after which she turns to face the boy, revealing her facial morph into her true identity; a vampire. She then bites the boy's neck. She is later revealed to be Darla. Buffy Summers	Summers	PROPN	(	PUNCT	 (
This account of a boating excursion on the Thames had appeared in 1875. For the first issue of the B.O.P., Reed wrote a school story, " My First Football Match " which, accompanied by a half page illustration, appeared on the front page " by	by	ADP	An	DET	 An
The single became a commercial success, peaking at number eight on the US Billboard Hot 100, becoming the first single by Furler to appear on the chart as a lead artist. " Chandelier " also peaked within the top five of record charts in Europe and Oceania	Oceania	PROPN	countries	NOUN	 countries
As commander of the Baltic Front, he participated in the offensives which pushed German forces out of the Baltic republics. He did not immediately join the Communist Party after the consolidation of the October Revolution, becoming a member only in 1941, a move atypical for a	a	DET	Soviet	ADJ	 Soviet
Producer James Jacks recalled that Woo was not " the most powerful person on the set but as far as I was concerned, he was certainly the most respected ". The weapon fire on the set was considered dangerous, which led the crew to build a new	new	ADJ	bulletproof	NOUN	 bulletproof
East Branch Fishing Creek is a tributary that starts on North Mountain in Sullivan County and is approximately 4.4 miles (7.1 km) long. Huntington Creek starts in State Game Lands number 57 and heads southwest through Luzerne County until it reaches the north side of Knob Mountain	Mountain	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
Due to UEFA regulations on stadium sponsors, during European matches the stadium is not officially referred to as Emirates Stadium, as Emirates are not an official sponsor of the Champions League competition; other stadia, such as the Allianz Arena in Munich, have fallen foul of	of	ADP	this	DET	 this
Players assume control of Miles Kilo, an augmented agent working for EuroCorp in a corrupted, deceitful world in which corporations compete with each other for power. Players can run, jump, slide, hide behind covers, and carry two weapons and grenades to defeat enemies	enemies	NOUN	and	CCONJ	 and
Chapter 24 mentions that some terrestrial salamanders " are rather brightly pied with black and whitish, or yellow ", while other amphibians " are extremely gaudy — wearing much bright blue, green, purple and sometimes red. " It suggests that some of these markings are	are	AUX	"	PUNCT	 "
The flugelhorn replaced the trumpet of the traditional brass section because it is " mellower [and] less assertive ". The bass clarinet was included for several reasons. It had doubled the jazz bass parts in the two study works for the opera. It was an	an	DET	instrument	NOUN	 instrument
In New York, many Puerto Ricans joined the 369th Infantry Regiment which was mostly composed of Afro Americans. They were not allowed to fight alongside their white counterparts; however, they were permitted to fight as members of a French unit in French uniforms. They fought	fought	VERB	along	ADP	 along
" In one incident, " Upon the attempt to enforce the execution of an award against Francis Weston made by eight men orderly chosen, Gorton, with many of his followers, assailed the representatives of law and order making a tumultuous hubbub. " In a petition	petition	NOUN	that	PRON	 that
I don't like pictures that don't have information in them. I want pictures that you have to read, that you have to decode, that take time, that you can get lost in. Otherwise what's the point? Bechdel wrote and illustrated Fun	Fun	PROPN	Home	PROPN	 Home
Oil paintings on wood contain scenes from physician saints, and are attributed to painter Sebastian Lopez Davalos, during the second half of the 17th century. The chapel contains one small altarpiece which came from the Franciscan church in Zinacantepec, to the west of Mexico City,	,	PUNCT	and	CCONJ	 and
So different in style is the first part from what follows that some critics regard it as an entirely separate work, or " the ' true ' novel ". Olivero's quest in the underground world is written as a reversal of Plato's allegory of the cave	cave	NOUN	as	SCONJ	 as
Bradman's career Test batting average of 99.94 is often cited as the greatest achievement by any sportsman in any major sport. The story that the young Bradman practised alone with a cricket stump and a golf ball is part of Australian folklore. Bradman's meteoric rise from	from	ADP	bush	PROPN	 bush
Towards the end of the song, Carey belts out the climax. Sarah Rodman from The Boston Herald described it as fascinating and wrote, " it sounds as though Carey is singing in falsetto while still in her chest voice. " " Clown " drew strong media	media	NOUN	attention	NOUN	 attention
Some small bookstores hit back by buying their stock from the supermarkets rather than their wholesalers. Asda attempted to counter this by imposing a limit of two copies per customer to prevent bulk purchases. Philip Wicks, a spokesman for the UK Booksellers Association, said, "	"	PUNCT	It	PRON	 It
After an initially frosty meeting, Chris ' conditions are agreed on, but with the requirement that he stay in place at Shorn through the end of the current conflict in Cambodia, in which Shorn is backing a rebel leader. As the conflict in Columbia tilts in	in	ADP	favour	NOUN	 favour
The four Sachsens were to be replaced by the Nassau class. The second pair of ships in the Nassau class, Posen and Rheinland, were ordered under the 1907 – 08 building program. The ships were 146.1 m (479 ft 4 in) long, 26.9	26.9	NUM	m	NOUN	 m
The primary contributors to the recording were Homme, Troy van Leeuwen, Joey Castillo, Johannes and Goss. We basically started a year ago. And like I said, we didn ’ t really have anything written. So it was a long process. It was	was	AUX	the	DET	 the
Despite fielding what coach Graham Henry described as his best team, the All Blacks achieved a less notable 23 – 11 victory. The next year France visited New Zealand for a two Test series. The final rounds of the 2006 – 07 Top 14 season conflicted with	with	ADP	the	DET	 the
SR 500 begins at an intersection with county maintained State Line Road and Paulding Road on the Indiana state line in western Benton Township. The highway heads northeast as a two lane highway passing through farmland, with a few houses. The route turns east, then bends	bends	VERB	back	ADV	 back
The Red Guards were defeated within three days. The ship remained in Helsingfors until 30 April, by which time the White government had been installed firmly in power. Following the operation, Westfalen returned to the North Sea where she rejoined the I Battle Squadron. On	On	ADP	11	NUM	 11
At issue are restrictions imposed by the design of iOS, namely DRM intended to lock purchased media to Apple's platform, the development model (requiring a yearly subscription to distribute apps developed for the iOS), the centralized approval process for apps, as well as	as	ADP	Apple	PROPN	 Apple
Edler was largely unknown during his NHL Draft year, unranked by the NHL Central Scouting Bureau the entire season. He was brought to the attention of the Vancouver Canucks by the team's head scout in Sweden, Thomas Gradin, who saw Edler playing with Jämtlands HF	HF	PROPN	.	PUNCT	.
Katsuro, as the front part of the centipede, can only speak Japanese and therefore can not speak with either the doctor or Jenny and Lindsay. Secondly, Katsuro's position in the centipede sets up the opportunity for the doctor and the male victim of the centipede	centipede	NOUN	to	PART	 to
The site's consensus reads, " Grindhouse delivers exhilarating exploitation fare with wit and panache, improving upon its source material with feral intelligence. " At the website Metacritic, which utilizes a normalized rating system, the film earned a favorable rating of 77 / 100 based	based	VERB	on	ADP	 on
The Virgin Mary is a more likely candidate for a namesake, and she was also associated with the mystic rose. The name of the sister ship of the Mary Rose, the Peter Pomegranate, is believed to have been named in honour of Saint Peter, and	and	CCONJ	the	DET	 the
The movie was filmed in a process known as " MGM Camera 65 ". 1957's Raintree County was the first MGM film to use the process. The MGM Camera 65 used special 65 mm Eastmancolor film stock with a 2.76: 1 aspect ratio. 70 mm	mm	NUM	anamorphic	ADJ	 anamorphic
In October 1956, the NTA Film Network also announced provisional plans to telecast live sporting and special events (using network relays) by the 1959 – 1960 television season. Below is a timeline showing the airdates of the NTA Film Network's programs and later NTA offerings	offerings	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
At the start of the 20th century, 83% of the workforce were involved in agriculture, but by the end, less than 1% remained so. Only one brewery, McMullens, is still open and there are no remaining commercial maltings or mills. Nowadays	Nowadays	ADV	,	PUNCT	,
The following month, Knox recommended a women's branch as part of the Naval Reserve. The director of the Bureau of the budget said no, but would agree to the Navy adapting legislation similar to the WAAC – where women were with, but not in the	the	DET	Navy	PROPN	 Navy
These are punctured with vertical slots which allow light to radiate along the curved interior walls. Born in 1889 in Cannes to Swiss French parents, Noémi moved to New York in 1900, and later studied Fine Art and Philosophy at Columbia Teachers College. Here, she	she	PRON	was	AUX	 was
In 1941, separate dyes were introduced for the armor piercing shells of the four Kongō class battleships to assist with targeting, with Kongō's armor piercing shells using red dye. The secondary battery of Kongō originally consisted of sixteen 6 inch (15 cm) 50 caliber	caliber	NOUN	guns	NOUN	 guns
Consequently, under the National Lake Conservation Plan of the Ministry of Environment and Forests of the Government of India, funds to the extent Rs 2987.6 million were sanctioned in September 2005 for the conservation of the lake. The restoration and rehabilitation measures envisaged under the " Conservation	Conservation	PROPN	and	CCONJ	 and
Seventeen months later, Ichigo becomes a senior in high school. The start of the Lost Agent arc describes Ichigo's life after he loses his Soul Reaper powers. One day, he meets Kūgo Ginjō, a Fullbringer from the group Xcution. Ginjo offers to replenish	replenish	VERB	Ichigo	PROPN	 Ichigo
Short of government funding of such research, Evans also attempted to create in the aftermath of the Steam Engineer's Guide what he called ' The Experiment Company ', which would be a private research consortium to conduct reliable experiments and gather data for the benefits of subscribed	subscribed	VERB	members	NOUN	 members
However, NHL players were allowed to compete starting in 1998. The format of the tournament was adjusted to accommodate the NHL schedule; a preliminary round was played without NHL players or the top six teams — Canada, the Czech Republic, Finland, Russia, Sweden	Sweden	PROPN	and	CCONJ	 and
Johor then sends those he has successfully " converted " to spread the word among other Natives, and soon isolated communities begin to return to the pre Shikastan days. But without the SOWF and Shammat's influence over the Natives, Canopus is fighting a losing battle and	and	CCONJ	the	DET	 the
" The farm was put into the script and also inspired Mankiewicz to name the film's villain after Kananga. Broccoli and Saltzman tried to convince Sean Connery to return as 007, but he declined. The two producers then approached Clint Eastwood, who was fresh from	from	ADP	his	PRON	 his
In the area around the Stable Court are further structures listed at Grade II. To the north is the Coachhouse Court, which consists of a coach house, a covered court and a riding school. These were designed in the 1870s for the 1st Duke. To	To	ADP	the	DET	 the
The letter indicated that Prince of Wales had a crew of 100 men, many more than she needed to sail her, suggesting that Tarleton intended her to sail as a privateer. Prince of Wales departed on a cruise and on 7 April she captured the French merchant	merchant	NOUN	vessel	NOUN	 vessel
The years in Dorpat were very fruitful for Abovian who studied social and natural sciences, European literature and philosophy, and mastered German, Russian, French and Latin. At this time Abovian fell under the influence of German Romanticism. In addition, Abovian established numerous contacts	contacts	NOUN	with	ADP	 with
He remained an informal adviser to Nixon until he died in Washington, D.C., following an auto accident in January 1974, and Nixon mourned the loss of a man he described as a counselor and friend. Chotiner was born on October 4, 1909, in Pittsburgh	Pittsburgh	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
" These Are Special Times debuted at number four on the US Billboard 200, selling 126,000 copies. The next week, it became a greatest gainer, jumping to number three and selling 163,000 units. In its third week, despite selling 210,000 copies, These Are	Are	AUX	Special	PROPN	 Special
Perone found the song to have " small hints " of music found in Jamacia, Cuba, and Trinidad and Tobago. BuzzFeed contributor Brian Galindo, called the song " upbeat and dancy ". Written in the key of D minor, the beat is set in	in	ADP	common	ADJ	 common
" The Christmas Song " became Aguilera's third top twenty hit on the Billboard Hot 100, peaking at number 18 on the chart. It also charted at number 22 in Canada. By the end of 2000, My Kind of Christmas was the second best selling	selling	VERB	holiday	NOUN	 holiday
On August 23, 2008, almost a year after Fossett went missing, twenty eight friends and admirers conducted a foot search based on new clues gathered by the team. That search concluded on September 10. On May 1, 2008, the Las Vegas Review Journal	Journal	PROPN	attributed	VERB	 attributed
Writing for Catholic News Agency, Robert Barron said, " I don ’ t think it is the least bit accidental that Waters (Gus ’ s last name) and Grace (Hazel ’ s middle name) met in the sacred heart of Christ and thereby,	,	PUNCT	despite	SCONJ	 despite
The Levels are divided into two by the Polden Hills; land to the south is drained by the River Parrett while land to the north is drained by the River Axe and the River Brue. The total area of the Levels amounts to about 647.5 square kilometres (	(	PUNCT	160,000	NUM	160,000
In 1963 Waldron had a major breakdown caused by a heroin overdose. He recounted in 1998 that a lot of musicians in the 1950s and 1960s felt that taking drugs was necessary for career progression. The police assumed they were all doing it, according to Waldron:	:	PUNCT	The	DET	 The
Martha is diagnosed with breast cancer and is told she needs a termination for her own health. She decides not to and Jack is angry because it means she might die. Jack and Martha decide to get married again. Martha collapses and has to be resuscitated.	.	PUNCT	She	PRON	 She
As Lee explained in 2010, " I think I had Jack sketch out a cover for it because I always had a lot of confidence in Jack's covers. " In an early recollection of the character's creation, Ditko described his and Lee's contributions in	in	ADP	a	DET	 a
The temperature is generally between 21.1 and − 11.1° C (70.0 and 12.0° F) in Stanley, but can vary to 9° C (48° F) early in the year and − 1° C (30° F) in July.	.	PUNCT	Strong	ADJ	 Strong
She was the first woman with whom he had sex; he later wrote of this initial encounter that he had experienced " an overpowering landslide " of feeling, and that " I thought I was about to die. If I remember correctly, I only experienced fear	fear	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
The lack of discernible biological material from the mushroom seen in the SEM study was confirmed in the TEM analysis. A final section of the fossil was selected to attempt DNA sequencing. A small sample of the fossil was extracted at the AMNH and sent to the Peabody	Peabody	PROPN	Museum	PROPN	 Museum
Alderney in the Channel Islands reported 52 mph (84 km / h) winds, with gusts to 90 mph (144 km / h). Swansea in Wales reported gusts of 92 mph (148 km / h), leaving thousands of houses without power in	in	ADP	the	DET	 the
The issue also laid the foundations for the 2009 event Blackest Night, something the creators had been working towards since early 2007. Altogether, " Sinestro Corps War " turned Green Lantern into one of DC Comics ' most profitable titles. Green Lantern: Sinestro Corps Special	Special	PROPN	#	NOUN	 #
In May 1917, U 5 hit a mine and sank with the loss of six men. She was raised, rebuilt, and recommissioned, but sank no more ships. At the end of the war, U 5 was ceded to Italy as a war reparation	reparation	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
He possesses blue blood, also called Vitae Divina. The next in line is the Ascendant Prince. Any additional Avatara within the House are Princes ranked by generation. Although Avatara form blood dynasties from father to son, House affiliations can be mixed within a dynasty.	.	PUNCT	If	SCONJ	 If
Exhibitions of this type were particularly popular in Dublin; an exhibition in Plymouth in the 1880s was less successful, and a disbelieving mob pulled the wig and hat from a " Pig faced Lady " in her tent and proceeded to attack the showmen. The fate of	of	ADP	the	DET	 the
The Normans themselves originated from Scandinavia and had settled in Normandy in the late 9th and early 10th centuries. This conquest led to the almost total dispossession of the English elite and its replacement by a new French speaking aristocracy, whose speech had a profound and permanent effect	effect	NOUN	on	ADP	 on
The Ortiz team also checked with the Minor Planet Center (MPC), which had no record of this object. Wanting to establish priority, they emailed the MPC with their discovery on the night of July 27, 2005, titled " Big TNO discovery, urgent	urgent	ADJ	"	PUNCT	 "
The idea of reintroducing older, possibly discontinued products is appealing to companies such as Burger King and McDonald's because it is operationally easier than launching a completely new product. In many cases the reintroduction allows these companies to utilize older advertising along with its existing supply chain	chain	NOUN	which	PRON	 which
Cranmer ’ s vision of reform through careful steps under the authority of the government was maintained. Cranmer ’ s role in politics was diminishing when on 16 October 1551 Seymour was arrested on charges of treason. In December he was put on trial and although acquitted of	of	ADP	treason	NOUN	 treason
In 1999, he scored a major hit with Jay Z and rap group UGK with the hit " Big Pimpin ' ". He also fully produced Missy's second album in 1999, Da Real World. Still Timbaland in this period produced primarily for R & B	B	PROPN	artists	NOUN	 artists
To the south, Hamelin and Dornal de Guy reunited with their prizes on 6 December and also determined to return to Île de France as the cyclone season, in which any ship in the Indian Ocean would be at serious risk of destruction by a sudden tropical cyclone	cyclone	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
Rolling Stone ranked it the best song of 2009 and the 36th best song of the decade, calling it " The most devastating ballad U2 — or anyone — has delivered since ' One. ' " In Rolling Stone's voting for the decade's best song,	,	PUNCT	Metallica	PROPN	 Metallica
A separate building was built by the state in 1914 to house the Supreme Court, and this is now the oldest building on the Capitol Mall after the second capitol building burned down on April 25, 1935. In addition to holding court in the Supreme Court Building	Building	PROPN	's	PART	's
Consequently, Roman Catholic armies repeatedly ravaged Brandenburg and other Hohenzollern lands. During the Thirty Years ' War, George William was succeeded by Frederick William, born 1620, who became known as " The Great Elector " (Der Große Kurfürst). The character of the	the	DET	young	ADJ	 young
The primary cash crop in the EAA is sugarcane, though sod, beans, lettuce, celery, and rice are also grown. Sugarcane became more consolidated an industry than did any other crop; in 1940 the coalition of farms was renamed U.S. Sugar and this produced	produced	VERB	86	NUM	 86
When he finally did attack, his forces proved unable to cross the Saranac River bridge, which was held by a small group of American regulars under the command of the recently promoted John E. Wool. Despite a heavy advantage in manpower, Prevost finally retreated upon hearing	hearing	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
In the semifinals of Wimbledon 2012, Federer beat defending champion and world No. 1 Djokovic in four sets. The two met again during the finals of the 2014 Wimbledon Championships with Djokovic emerging victorious after 5 sets. Federer also ended Djokovic's 28 straight wins in	in	ADP	China	PROPN	 China
Other songs included in the set were: " Fever " – Walters, vocals (written by Eddie Cooley and John Davenport — a pseudonym for Otis Blackwell); " Let It Be Me " – Walters, vocals (Gilbert Bécaud); " Summertime " –	–	PUNCT	Walters	PROPN	 Walters
Sadly, the waitstaff lapses... " The National Geographic's website's Chicago Walking Tour: Millennium and Grant Parks recommends the Park Grill as it " allows you to admire the surrounding architecture passively. " The restaurant was noted as one of the " 99 Best of	of	ADP	Chicago	PROPN	 Chicago
The design was taken from the Dan Ryan Expressway in Chicago, which was widened into a similar configuration around the same time. Construction began immediately. While the plan initially called for construction to end in 1967, it continued for nearly a decade. At least four	four	NUM	lanes	NOUN	 lanes
As Carey, now dry and clothed, is shown in another scenario following the dressing scene, a still of Carey and Miller in the video for " It's like That " is shown, during the lyrics " I can't sleep at night / When you	you	PRON	are	AUX	 are
Dominance is enforced by lunging, chasing, cuffing, grabbing and biting. Young females do not always inherit their mother's rank and young males leave the troop between three and five years of age. Both sexes have separate dominance hierarchies; females have a distinct hierarchy	hierarchy	NOUN	while	SCONJ	 while
To create the scenes depicting how Quicksilver views the world, scenes were shot with an ultra high speed camera and later combined with shots of Taylor Johnson moving through the same scene at normal speed. In June 2014, the IMAX Corporation announced that the IMAX release of	of	ADP	the	DET	 the
At the time, the Port of Boston had been closed by one of the Intolerable Acts, specifically the Boston Port Act, which was in reaction to the Boston Tea Party and other protests against the Tea Act. When the First Provincial Congress convened on August 25	25	NUM	,	PUNCT	,
The 70 pdr gun had a maximum elevation of 15°, but the larger gun's elevation was reduced because of its longer barrel. Both guns had a similar maximum range of 5,540 meters (6,060 yd). The 70 pdr gun weighed 8,582 pounds (3,892.7	3,892.7	NUM	kg	NOUN	 kg
Alcohol is also cross tolerant with benzodiazepines and more toxic and thus caution is needed to avoid replacing one dependence with another. During withdrawal, fluoroquinolone based antibiotics are best avoided if possible; they displace benzodiazepines from their binding site and reduce GABA function and, thus,	,	PUNCT	may	AUX	 may
A year after the move, Louis Antoine's father died leaving his mother with the three children. She saved diligently for her only son's education, and in 1779 he was sent to the Oratorian school at Soissons. After a promising start, Saint Just acquired	acquired	VERB	a	DET	 a
She was followed by the three ships of the James River Squadron. They found their course blocked, however, by the newly arrived Monitor. At first, Jones believed the strange craft — which one Confederate sailor mocked as " a cheese on a raft " —	—	PUNCT	to	PART	 to
These songs have been traced back to late nineteenth century work songs. Author Linda Dahl suggests a connection to a song with the same title by Mary Williams Johnson in the late 1920s and early 1930s. However, Johnson, who was married to jazz influenced blues guitarist	guitarist	VERB	Lonnie	PROPN	 Lonnie
Robert, Raoul the Huguenot, Jean the prophet, and the defiant Vasco da Gama in L ' Africaine are all ' outsiders '. It has been suggested that ' Meyerbeer's choice of these topics is not accidental; they reflect his own sense of living in	in	ADP	a	DET	 a
The fatality rate for flat type is 90 percent or greater and nearly 100 percent is observed in cases of hemorrhagic smallpox. The case fatality rate for variola minor is 1 percent or less. There is no evidence of chronic or recurrent infection with variola virus. In	In	ADP	fatal	ADJ	 fatal
In 1976, the tax code was altered to provide tax incentives that promote preservation of income producing historic properties. The National Park Service was given the responsibility to ensure that only rehabilitations that preserved the historic character of a building would qualify for federal tax incentives. A	A	DET	qualifying	NOUN	 qualifying
It was published in 2005 as part of the first set of books in the Canongate Myth Series where contemporary authors rewrite ancient myths. In The Penelopiad, Penelope reminisces on the events during the Odyssey, life in Hades, Odysseus, Helen, and her relationships with	with	ADP	her	PRON	 her
This he did, and could see another house, just below his own, and that all the farm's slops went down the chimney of the invisible house. The stranger asked if the farmer would move his door to the other side of the house, which	which	PRON	the	DET	 the
Another escapee used an air mattress to escape across the Baltic in 1987. Mass escapes were rare. One of the few that succeeded took place on 2 October 1961, when 53 people from the border village of Böseckendorf – a quarter of the village's population –	–	PUNCT	escaped	VERB	 escaped
The special was broadcast in Canada on Space on 26 December and in Australia on ABC1 on the same day, where it had overnight ratings of 880,000 viewers. The episode received generally positive reviews. Dan Martin of The Guardian described the episode as a " sumptuous triumph	triumph	NOUN	"	PUNCT	 "
Nagesh, then a struggling actor whose breakthrough role was in Sridhar's Nenjil Or Aalayam (1962), was selected to play Viswanathan's son Chellappa. V. S. Raghavan was cast as the father of Muthuraman's character. The screenplay and dialogues were co written by	by	ADP	Sridhar	PROPN	 Sridhar
He usurped the throne from Ardashir III, and was killed by Sasanian nobles after forty days. Before usurping the Sasanian throne he was a general (spahbed) under Khosrau II (590 – 628). He is furthermore noted for his important role during the climactic	climactic	ADJ	Byzantine	PROPN	 Byzantine
Although there are no public golf courses in Briarcliff Manor, the village has two large country clubs: Sleepy Hollow Country Club in Scarborough and Trump National Golf Club, owned by Donald Trump. The Trump property has been home to several golf clubs since the early 20th	20th	ADJ	century	NOUN	 century
In addition, ministers are permitted to depute other persons to exercise certain powers or perform certain duties on their behalf. In the context of Westminster systems of government, all legal power conferred on the executive by legislation is " inevitably discretionary to a greater or lesser extent	extent	NOUN	"	PUNCT	 "
As a result, writes the historian Antony Carr, the reason for the " distant community " of Augustinians in Beddgelert possessing Llanidan and three other churches in Anglesey can not now be discovered. Carr notes that the priory also controlled two churches on the other side of	of	ADP	the	DET	 the
In " Goodbye Stranger, " Castiel has been completely brainwashed by Naomi and has killed thousands of copies of Dean ruthlessly. Castiel is sent to find the angel tablet and tortures and kills the demons also looking for it, drawing Sam and Dean's attention. Sam	Sam	PROPN	and	CCONJ	 and
Bart first appears in the second level of the game " Bartman Begins ". He can turn into Bartman, allowing him to use zip lines, climb certain walls, glide over long distances, and do other acrobatic feats. Bart's special power is releasing a	a	DET	flood	NOUN	 flood
" At a time when often a third of the class left before graduation, Pickett persisted, working off his demerits and doing enough in his studies to graduate, ranking last out of the 59 surviving students in the Class of 1846. It is a position held	held	VERB	with	ADP	 with
It was released on May 10, 2004 by Jive Records as the third single from the album. After her relationship with American singer Justin Timberlake ended in 2002, she made friends with her backing vocalist Annet Artani. They started writing songs together at Spears's house	house	NOUN	in	ADP	 in
It was released on March 29, 1948, as a single by Capitol Records, and later appeared on the album, The Nat King Cole Story. The song was written in 1947 by eden ahbez and is partly autobiographical. It is a tribute to ahbez's	's	PART	mentor	NOUN	 mentor
Agathiphaga queenslandensis and Agathiphaga vitiensis, being found along the north eastern coast of Queensland, Australia, and in Fiji to Vanuatu and the Solomon Islands, respectively. Heterobathmiina was first described by Kristensen and Nielsen in 1979. There are about 10 species, which are day	day	NOUN	flying	VERB	 flying
While in Damascus, al Hajj Muhammad raised funds and purchased weapons for the revolt. He also began working with Syrian and Lebanese nationalists to smuggle the arms into Palestine. Al Hajj Muhammad later left Damascus for the Lebanese mountain village of Qarnayel east of Beirut. From	From	ADP	there	ADV	 there
Although Garrett's Miss Pawhuska's official record with the American Quarter Horse Association (or AQHA) is six starts and six wins, the early records are not all entered into the AQHA's computers and the official charts published in the 1940s show she lost a match	match	NOUN	race	NOUN	 race
The 1893 definitions of the ampere and the ohm by the IEC led to the joule as being defined in accordance with the IEC resolutions being 0.02% larger than the joule as defined in accordance with the artefacts helds by the BIPM. In 1908, the IEC prefixed	prefixed	VERB	the	DET	 the
" Von Neumann made foundational contributions to ergodic theory, in a series of articles published in 1932. Of the 1932 papers on ergodic theory, Paul Halmos writes that even " if von Neumann had never done anything else, they would have been sufficient to guarantee him	him	PRON	mathematical	ADJ	 mathematical
It mounted a heavy bombardment of the JNA's access routes to Vukovar and a tank attack on JNA lines. JNA General Mladen Bratić was killed on 4 November when his tank was hit by a shell, but the JNA's advantage in artillery and rockets enabled it	it	PRON	to	PART	 to
Many aspects of the Sam & Max comics were influenced by Purcell's own experiences. Rats and cockroaches are common throughout the franchise, the former inspired by Purcell's pet rat. In another example, Sam and Max are occasionally shown playing a game called " fizzball	fizzball	NOUN	"	PUNCT	 "
The primary airborne formation in existence by this time was No. 11 Special Air Service Battalion, which numbered approximately 350 officers and other ranks, and had been formed from No. 2 Commando, a Commando unit which had been selected for conversion into an airborne unit	unit	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
The Queen was ushered in by her four sons, acting as a living screen blocking her from view, and took her place in an armchair near the altar. Alice was given away by her uncle, Albert's brother Ernest II, Duke of Saxe Coburg and	and	CCONJ	Gotha	PROPN	 Gotha
Guest stars in this episode include Geoff Pierson, C. S. Lee, Mark Pellegrino, Christian Camargo, Judith Scott and Scott Atkinson. Rudy's apartment was set in Miami, Florida, however filming took place in Long Beach, California. The apartment was a brown	brown	ADJ	,	PUNCT	,
Richard D. P. Jones notes in his book The Creative Development of Johann Sebastian Bach that " technical novelties " suggest that the cantata was also composed in 1716, according to a recent study. In his first year as Thomaskantor in Leipzig, Bach composed a new cantata	cantata	NOUN	for	ADP	 for
In this third tour in Korea, Philippine Sea focused primarily on interdiction attacks against rail and communication lines in North Korea, hoping to limit supplies to the front lines. The North Korean offensive, begun at the same time truce talks began at Panmunjom, marked the	the	DET	beginning	NOUN	 beginning
She also made a note of the use of frontal camera angles in order to ensure that the " spectators eye travels throughout the interior expanse ". Writer Sangita Gopal analysed the " intensification of the aesthetic effects of Hindi cinema " in the narrative scheme of the film	film	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
Pat Harney, spokeswoman for the Church of Scientology in Clearwater, Florida told the St. Petersburg Times: " We are dealing with a worldwide threat... This is not a light matter. " In preparation for the February 10, 2008 protests outside Scientology's spiritual headquarters	headquarters	NOUN	in	ADP	 in
Independently of this drift having been identified, the Avogadro project and development of the Watt balance promised methods of indirectly measuring mass with a very high precision. These projects provided tools that would enable alternative means of redefining the kilogram. A report published in 2007 by the	the	DET	Consultative	PROPN	 Consultative
Two years after his retirement, in May 1964, Governor John J. McKeithen came to his office hoping that Middleton would accept a job on a commission that he was forming. The governor was wanting to ease the state's growing racial tensions by creating a biracial commission	commission	NOUN	composed	VERB	 composed
Modern HPLC instruments are capable of detecting and resolving substances whose concentrations are as low as parts per trillion. One of the most important advancements in forensic chemistry came in 1955 with the invention of the gas chromatography mass spectrometry (GC MS) by Fred McLafferty and Roland	Roland	PROPN	Gohlke	PROPN	 Gohlke
The top two teams advanced to the final round (The Hexagonal). El Salvador finished third and crashed out. This is identified as the start of a decline in Salvadoran football. The same format as the 1997 and 1999 editions was used at the 2001 UNCAF	UNCAF	PROPN	Nations	PROPN	 Nations
The brigade's glider infantry battalions consisted of 806 men in four rifle companies, each with four platoons along with a support company consisting of two Anti tank platoons each with four 6 pounder guns, two mortar platoons armed with six 3 inch mortars, and two Vickers	Vickers	PROPN	machine	NOUN	 machine
Elsewhere, sporadic instances of public disorder persisted late into the 20th century, accompanied by large numbers of firework related accidents, but a national Firework Code and improved public safety has in most cases brought an end to such things. One notable aspect of the Victorians '	'	PART	commemoration	NOUN	 commemoration
During the second week of January 2008, Universal Parks & Resorts filed a Notice of Commencement with Orange County, Florida indicating that they were to construct a ride system that they had code named " Project Rumble. " The notice also stated that the contractor was "	"	PUNCT	Maurer	PROPN	 Maurer
No changes have been made since. Winners were presented with the H. P. Lovecraft bust through the 2015 awards; at that ceremony the presenters announced that future ceremonies will no longer use the trophy. Although controversy had arisen in recent years over Lovecraft's history of racism	racism	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
It originally aired on the Fox network on March 17, 2002. It was written by Steven Maeda and directed by Kim Manners. The episode is a " monster of the week " episode, a stand alone plot which is unconnected to the mythology, or overarching	overarching	VERB	fictional	ADJ	 fictional
As such, fake tattoos were created. These tattoos were decals designed by art department staffer Kristina Lyne and altered by makeup artist Laverne Basham. The Bettie Page tattoo was inspired by " Brooklyn Joe " Lieber, a tattoo artist from San Francisco. " Never Again	Again	ADV	"	PUNCT	 "
He stated in his blog: Immediately after the Alves fight, Hughes stated that he had " one more fight " left in him, and that he wanted to fight Matt Serra. Their rivalry stemmed from the time when Serra was a contestant on The Ultimate Fighter	Fighter	PROPN	and	CCONJ	 and
Critics also claimed that wherever in the region a new power station were to be built, County Durham coal would be used in it, and that despite NESCo's claims, there may be more suitable sites elsewhere. The critics claimed that Durham's functioning as a	a	DET	cultural	ADJ	 cultural
Digital Spy's Dek Hogan stated that production values had increased from the classic series, and praised the acting and characters of Eccleston, Piper, and Clarke. However, he felt that some of the humour — such as the wheelie bin burping after it consumes Mickey	Mickey	PROPN	—	PUNCT	 —
The Admiralstab (the Navy High Command) planned an operation to seize the Baltic island of Ösel, and specifically the Russian gun batteries on the Sworbe peninsula. On 18 September, the order was issued for a joint operation with the army to capture Ösel and Moon	Moon	PROPN	islands	NOUN	 islands
They died only weeks after Seward's wife Frances, who never recovered from the shock of the assassination attempt. In the first months of the new Johnson administration, Seward did not work much with the president. Seward was at first recovering from his injuries, and	and	CCONJ	Johnson	PROPN	 Johnson
The request was subsequently approved, although the Australians only agreed on the basis that one of their battalions — 3rd Battalion, Royal Australian Regiment (3 RAR) — would remain at Nui Dat to secure it in case of attack. On 24 January 1968, 1	1	NUM	ATF	ADJ	 ATF
These attributes are impossible to achieve via capture, while the gaseous nature of the primaries also make formation from collision debris unlikely. The outer moons of the giant planets tend to be small and have eccentric orbits with arbitrary inclinations. These are the characteristics expected of captured	captured	VERB	bodies	NOUN	 bodies
Between 1918 and 1922, over 350 Percherons were imported to Britain from France and, combined with stock from the US and Canada, were used as breeding stock to establish the breed in the country. In 1918, the British Percheron Horse Society was formed. British	British	ADJ	breeders	NOUN	 breeders
Field reported that many of their key products were launched " during a brief pause in an Xbox game on our tour bus ". They answered to no one but themselves, with no executive board or shareholders. As Field stated, they made business decisions based upon	upon	SCONJ	their	PRON	 their
Shipments to Romania began on 1 September with 27 shipped before the Munich Crisis forced the Czechs to hold all remaining tanks in case they were needed. 5 finished tanks and 6 almost finished tanks were appropriated and shipped to Slovakia although they were quickly returned after the Munich	Munich	PROPN	Agreement	PROPN	 Agreement
After the intersection with East Campbell Avenue, NY 394 leaves Westfield and heads into rural regions of Chautauqua County. After leaving Westfield, NY 394 heads to the southeast towards Mayville through predominantly farmland and open fields. Here, NY 394 is known as South Portage Road	Road	PROPN	as	SCONJ	 as
It is built to withstand vacuum, rather than pressure, abrasion, and heat. In the United States, it is standard equipment according to the National Fire Protection Association standards for fire engines. It is used in both structural and wildland firefighting throughout the world,	,	PUNCT	and	CCONJ	 and
North Carolina's humidity is lowest in the Spring. North Carolina experiences high summer temperatures. Sometimes, cool, dry air from the north will invade North Carolina for brief periods of time, with temperatures quickly rebounding. It remains colder at high elevations, with the	the	DET	average	ADJ	 average
Bacon's treatment of his lover in these canvasses emphasises his subject's physicality while remaining uncharacteristically tender. More than any other of the artist's close friends portrayed during this period, Dyer came to feel inseparable from his effigies. The paintings gave him stature, a	a	DET	raison	NOUN	 raison
Not surprisingly, the state government was dominated by this merchant class. When the Revolutionary War ended in 1783, the European business partners of Massachusetts merchants refused to extend lines of credit to them and insisted that they pay for goods with hard currency. Despite the continent	continent	NOUN	wide	ADJ	 wide
". He went on to keep a clean sheet in the 1995 FA Charity Shield, as Everton beat Blackburn Rovers 1 – 0. He remained an ever present in the 1995 – 96 season, though Royle then tried to sign Crystal Palace goalkeeper Nigel Martyn.	.	PUNCT	He	PRON	 He
The Grenadier Regiment Gnesen (an ad hoc regiment formed from replacement army units in Poland) was sent from Germany and arrived on 11 February. Three days later, the 214th Infantry Division was transferred from Norway. Over the next two weeks various units were added to	to	ADP	the	DET	 the
Most of the followers of the clan were tenants, who supplied labour to the clan heads and sometimes acted as soldiers. In the early modern era they usually took the clan name as their surname, turning it into a massive, if often fictive, kin group	group	PROPN	.	PUNCT	.
" John Serba of The Grand Rapids Press was split on " Save the Last One "; while asserting that it was " imminently watchable ", he felt that the episode was unbalanced as a whole and criticized the dialogue. Serba wrote: " The show continues	continues	VERB	to	PART	 to
Some distributed Soviet disinformation for idealistic reasons; others were paying off an old " debt " to the KGB or, on the contrary, expected some new reward or service; others simply did not know what they were doing.... The examples are endlessly varied. This	This	PRON	applied	VERB	 applied
Adams said: " I'm not expecting to produce a miracle, I'm still working with the same group of players ". In July 2002 he appointed Alan Cork as his number two. Losing just one of their opening eleven games, his side made an	an	DET	excellent	ADJ	 excellent
While generally successful with his race horses, his goal of winning the Kentucky Derby eluded him several times, including three second place finishes, until his win with American Pharoah. He also filed Chapter 11 bankruptcy proceedings in 2010 when a bank called a note due and	and	CCONJ	tried	VERB	 tried
However, Greene's contribution to this critical battle have never been widely heralded, principally because of a dispute between Meade and Slocum over the filing of their official reports. But a member of Greene's brigade wrote: Had the breastworks not been built, and had	had	AUX	there	PRON	 there
Since then, strict fishery management has kept the whiskery shark population stable or increasing, resulting in its listing under Least Concern by the International Union for Conservation of Nature (IUCN). Australian ichthyologist Gilbert Percy Whitley described the whiskery shark as a new genus and species	species	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
The OVA was included in the North American " Limited Edition Collector's Set " of Advent Children, released by Sony Pictures Home Entertainment on February 20, 2007. The North America release did not come with an English dub and the OVA is subtitled. Last Order	Order	NOUN	was	AUX	 was
His club retired his shirt number of 31. An inquest into the accident ruled that had Jones survived, he would have faced charges of death by dangerous driving for the deaths of his two passengers. Born in East Ham, London, Jones was rejected as a	a	DET	youth	NOUN	 youth
TASL differs from ASL in that signs are produced by touching the palms, and there are some grammatical differences from standard ASL in order to compensate for the lack of non manual signing. In 2013 the White House published a response to a petition that gained over 37,000	37,000	NUM	signatures	NOUN	 signatures
The flooring has been replaced as needed. The home's basement, once the main living area, has since been converted several times for other uses. On the first floor of the home the rooms remain much the same as they were when Glidden lived in the	the	DET	house	NOUN	 house
The Sugababes repeatedly sing the line " Cause I'm cooler than the red dress " during the beginning of the song and in the first chorus. Ross Hoffman of AllMusic noted that " Red Dress " is evocative of Xenomania's " frisky " productions for British girl	girl	NOUN	group	NOUN	 group
This meant that the permanently excited photons were scattered by the protons and electrons too often to travel very far in straight lines. During the recombination epoch, the universe cooled rapidly as free electrons were captured by atomic nuclei; atoms formed from their constituent parts and the	the	DET	universe	NOUN	 universe
Paul Schrodt of Slant Magazine was more critical in his review, though he gave it a 2.5 star (out of 4) rating. While he positively called Gaga's performances outrageous and " occasionally fierce ", he questioned Gaga's authenticity, both on stage and	and	CCONJ	in	ADP	 in
McCartney soon met Asher's family: Margaret, her mother was a music teacher, and Asher's father Richard was a physician. Her brother, Peter, was a member of Peter and Gordon, and her younger sister, Clare, was also an actress.	.	PUNCT	McCartney	PROPN	 McCartney
The Bay Area contains parks and landmarks. One of the oldest landmarks is the San Jacinto Battleground State Historic Site in La Porte which marks the site of the Battle of San Jacinto and holds the San Jacinto Monument and the USS Texas. Nearby, the Sterling Mansion	Mansion	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
Maximin (r. 235 – 38) targeted Christian leaders. Decius (r. 249 – 51), demanding a show of support for the faith, proclaimed that all inhabitants of the empire must sacrifice to the gods, eat sacrificial meat, and testify to these acts	acts	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
It is located at 123 South High Street. The Historic Landmarks Foundation of Indiana has also identified five properties within the Courthouse Square Historic District that are above average in importance. After further research, these properties may have enough historic or architectural significance to be listed in	in	ADP	the	DET	 the
BCCI was closed in July 1991 by banking regulators in six countries after evidence emerged of widespread fraud. Abu Nidal himself was said to have visited London using the name Shakar Farhan; a BCCI branch manager, who passed information about the ANO accounts to MI5, reportedly	reportedly	ADV	drove	VERB	 drove
as a Blu ray Disc as part of a limited edition bundle. The mechanics of Shiny Festa were later ported to the PlayStation 3 as The Idolmaster Shiny TV as a high definition remastered rhythm game. Shiny TV was released as part of the Imas Channel app on	on	ADP	October	PROPN	 October
The canal was mainly used for the haulage of coal until it fell into disuse for commercial traffic in the 1930s. It included four aqueducts and a two rise lock staircase. Oldham Roughyeds Rugby League Club was established in 1876 as Oldham Football Club, and Oldham Athletic	Athletic	PROPN	Football	PROPN	 Football
Thirty Seconds to Mars included the song in the setlist of their Love, Lust, Faith and Dreams Tour and the subsequent Carnivores Tour. " Conquistador " was written by lead vocalist Jared Leto, who also produced the song with Steve Lillywhite. The latter had previously	previously	ADV	worked	VERB	 worked
The peak is home to 12 named glaciers and snowfields. It is the highest point in Oregon and the fourth highest in the Cascade Range. Mount Hood is considered the Oregon volcano most likely to erupt, though based on its history, an explosive eruption is unlikely	unlikely	ADJ	.	PUNCT	.
He is best noted for recording the fastest hat trick in NHL history. In a 1952 game against the New York Rangers, Mosienko scored three goals in 21 seconds. In the NHL, Mosienko won the Lady Byng Memorial Trophy in 1945 as the most gentlemanly player	player	NOUN	in	ADP	 in
A 26.8 m (88 ft) male was verified by Japanese scientists in the 1947 48 whaling season. The longest reported in the North Pacific was a 27.1 metres (89 ft) female taken by Japanese whalers in 1959, and the longest reported in the North	North	PROPN	Atlantic	PROPN	 Atlantic
This form of gate (vavahady in the Malagasy language), typical of most walled royal villages of Imerina built between 1525 and 1897, protected the villagers from marauders. The gateway is topped by an observation post. The second main entrance, called Andakana, is	is	AUX	situated	VERB	 situated
Twelve days of filming in Chile began on 24 March at Antofagasta. There was shooting in Cobija, the Paranal Observatory, and other locations in the Atacama Desert. Forster chose the desert and the observatory's ESO Hotel to represent Bond's rigid emotions, and being	being	AUX	on	ADP	 on
Harrison now wanted to fuse the messages of the Christian and Gaudiya Vaishnava faiths into what musical biographer Simon Leng terms " gospel incantation with a Vedic chant ". The Copenhagen stopover marked the end of the Delaney & Bonnie tour, with a three night residency at the	the	DET	Falkoner	PROPN	 Falkoner
De Dondi's clock was a seven faced construction with 107 moving parts, showing the positions of the Sun, Moon, and five planets, as well as religious feast days. Around this period, mechanical clocks were introduced into abbeys and monasteries to mark important events	events	NOUN	and	CCONJ	 and
Males mature sexually at about 2.6 m (8.5 ft) long, while female maturation size is unknown. No data is available on growth and aging. Given the depths at which it lives, the goblin shark poses no danger to humans. A few specimens have	have	AUX	been	AUX	 been
The city subsequently became the center of the Latin Empire, created by Catholic crusaders to replace the Orthodox Byzantine Empire. Hagia Sophia was converted to a catholic church in 1204. The Byzantine Empire was restored, albeit weakened, in 1261. Constantinople's churches, defenses	defenses	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
Bert Blyleven had been the last pitcher to pitch a no hitter in his final start with the team that traded him; after pitching a no hitter for the Rangers in his final start of the 1977 season, he was traded to the Pittsburgh Pirates that offseason.	.	PUNCT	With	ADP	 With
In June 2001, Douglas Wick said a Gladiator prequel was in development. The following year, Wick, Walter Parkes, David Franzoni, and John Logan switched direction to a sequel set fifteen years later; the Praetorian Guards rule Rome and an older Lucius is trying	trying	VERB	to	PART	 to
Born in South Dallas, and raised in Texas and South Florida, Ice released his debut album, Hooked, in 1989 on Ichiban Records, before signing a contract with SBK Records, a record label of the EMI Group which released a reformatted version of the album	album	NOUN	under	ADP	 under
The social repression of the 1950s resulted in a cultural revolution in Greenwich Village. A cohort of poets, later named the Beat poets, wrote about the evils of the social organization at the time, glorifying anarchy, drugs, and hedonistic pleasures over unquestioning social compliance	compliance	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
Stained glass windows telling the story of the Book of Job are set into the walls of the staircases between the narthex and the gallery. Friend was known for delivering popular lectures on Job, and Milliner speculates that Friend had these windows included to address the problem of	of	ADP	evil	NOUN	 evil
Repairs to Giulio Cesare were completed by the end of August and both ships unsuccessfully attempted to intercept British convoys to Malta in August and September. On the night of 11 November 1940, Conte di Cavour and Giulio Cesare were at anchor in Taranto harbor when they were	were	AUX	attacked	VERB	 attacked
It lies near Grimwith Reservoir and Grassington, in Wharfedale in the Yorkshire Dales National Park. In 2011 it had a population of 230. Hebden has a church, a chapel, a hotel and public house, a tea room, a community hall, a small	small	ADJ	general	ADJ	 general
The 2013 Leaf is covered by a " State Of Health " clause which covers gradual capacity loss. This provision allows for the battery pack to either be repaired or replaced if the battery life reduces quicker than anticipated over the eight years warranty period. Costs Each battery	battery	NOUN	pack	NOUN	 pack
The airfield had been abandoned by the Germans, and the landing for the battalion was scattered but unopposed, although it incurred seven casualties during the drop, one of which was fatal. The airfield was secured after the battalion had rallied; a platoon from ' C	C	PROPN	'	PUNCT	 '
The flowers are catkins and the light, winged seed get widely scattered by the wind. The silver birch is a hardy tree, a pioneer species, and one of the first trees to appear on bare or fire swept land. Many species of birds and animals	animals	NOUN	are	AUX	 are
The second goal came during an advance by Arsenal, where the Newcastle goalkeeper, Norman Tapken, cleared the ball directly to Arsenal midfielder Pat Beasley, who shot the ball into the back of an empty net. The final goal was another penalty, caused when Bastin	Bastin	PROPN	was	AUX	 was
This song transitions into Lennon's " Sun King " which, like " Because ", showcases Lennon, McCartney and Harrison's triple tracked harmonies. Following it are Lennon's " Mean Mr. Mustard " (written during the Beatles ' 1968 trip to India) and	and	CCONJ	"	PUNCT	 "
They built a chapel nearby in 1802, which was replaced in 1823; it housed the congregation until 1848 when a larger one was built on North Street. It was demolished and replaced by another on the same site in 1972. A Baptist chapel was built in	in	ADP	Old	PROPN	 Old
Allen Evans of the NME found the " deep, rich rhythm " of the tabla " most appealing ", although he bemoaned that it was difficult to decipher the lyrics " because they merge with the sitar music so closely ". According to the Beatles ' official	official	ADJ	biographer	NOUN	 biographer
Kajaani paper mill, established in 1907 by Kajaani Oy (ex Kajaanin Puutavara Osakeyhtio), was the largest private employer in Kajaani. The factories are on the river bank, at Tihisenniemi. They built a new paper machine in the town in 1980 which was projected	projected	VERB	to	PART	 to
The scene in the cafeteria, in which the four boys are annoyed by Pip, is a cut scene from the original version of the South Park pilot, " Cartman Gets an Anal Probe "; as such, the animation in that individual scene is actually traditional	traditional	ADJ	paper	NOUN	 paper
However, the use of V.A.T.S. also eliminates most of the first person shooter elements of the game; aiming is taken over by the computer, and the player is unable to move as a means of avoiding attacks. Each body part has a percentage of hit chance	chance	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
During breaks in the proceedings, Göring tried to dominate the other defendants, and he was eventually placed in solitary confinement when he attempted to influence their testimony. Captain Gustave Gilbert, a German speaking American intelligence officer and psychologist, interviewed Göring and the others in prison	prison	NOUN	during	ADP	 during
With both discharged from their jobs, Liliom is discontented and contemplates leaving Julie, but decides not to do so on learning that she is pregnant. A subplot involves Julie's friend Marie, who has fallen in love with Wolf Biefeld, a hotel porter — after	after	ADP	the	DET	 the
Brazil, China, and India were considered among the overseas locations where land use change would occur as a result of diverting U.S. corn cropland, and it was assumed that new cropland in each of these regions correspond to different types of forest, savanna or grassland based	based	VERB	on	ADP	 on
It therefore re embarked for Brisbane, where it was disbanded. Chauvel remained in South Africa for a few weeks in order to tour the battlefields. On returning to Australia he became Staff Officer, Northern Military District once more. He was promoted to the brevet rank	rank	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
At the beginning of the year the club announced its intention to return to the Wessex League for 1999 – 2000, a decision taken because it was felt it would be better to play in a league in which it could compete financially and successfully. The next few	few	ADJ	years	NOUN	 years
KzS Richard Engel replaced Hopman in 1911 and commanded the ship until August 1915. That month, he left the ship and KzS Heinrich Rohardt was given command of Rheinland. He served for over a year, until December 1916, when he was replaced by Korvettenkapitän Theodor	Theodor	PROPN	von	PROPN	 von
The safety car was brought out on lap 20 due to the intensity of the rain, and Vettel, Webber, Massa and Buemi, who had not changed tyres, went to the pitlane for fresh full wets. After six laps under the safety car, the	the	DET	conditions	NOUN	 conditions
Despite discoveries such as Sedna, the region between the Kuiper belt and the Oort cloud, an area tens of thousands of AU in radius, is still virtually unmapped. There are also ongoing studies of the region between Mercury and the Sun. Objects may yet be	be	AUX	discovered	VERB	 discovered
Because she was a woman who wrote amusingly, she was classified as " middlebrow "; furthermore, she was published by Longmans, a non literary publisher. Her lampooning of the literary establishment in the spoof dedication of Cold Comfort Farm to one " Anthony Pookworthy "	"	PUNCT	did	AUX	 did
During his second term, he becomes infatuated with Kotonoha Katsura, a soft spoken schoolmate who shares train rides with him to and from campus. When his homeroom seating plan is rearranged, he becomes acquaintances with Sekai Saionji, an upbeat girl who takes a special interest	interest	NOUN	in	ADP	 in
Having fled his native Burundi as a child, he received political asylum in Birmingham, and credits football with helping him integrate into English society. Berahino joined West Bromwich Albion at the age of 11 and turned professional seven years later. He spent time out on loan	loan	NOUN	at	ADP	 at
He holds numerous records at Servite High School, including the single season records in, triples (6), home runs (8), RBIs (52), and the career records in, games played (101), at bats (314), hits	hits	NOUN	(	PUNCT	 (
Infrastructure and businesses along the border benefited from substantial state investment. East Germany's communities had a much harder time, because the country was poorer and their government imposed severe restrictions on them. The border region was progressively depopulated through the clearance of numerous villages and the	the	DET	forced	VERB	 forced
In the preface to this he announced the intended publication of the first terrestrial globe made in England by Emery Molyneux. Between 1598 and 1600 appeared the final, reconstructed and greatly enlarged edition of The Principal Navigations, Voiages, Traffiques and Discoueries of the English Nation in	in	ADP	three	NUM	 three
The brigade was dispersed throughout the east of the country, with units operating in Kunar, Paktika, and Laghman Provinces. The 173rd ABCT officially relieved the 3rd Brigade Combat Team, 10th Mountain Division on 6 June 2007. The 173rd participated in various operations with the	the	DET	objective	NOUN	 objective
The tholins are probably responsible for the red color of the visible spectrum. Although evidence exists for the presence of nitrogen ice on its surface, at least mixed with other ices, there is nowhere near the same level of nitrogen as on Pluto and Triton, where	where	SCONJ	it	PRON	 it
Of the 359 people arrested in connection with the inquiry in 1985 and 1986, just 94 were interviewed in the presence of a lawyer. Many of the confessions that resulted, whether directly about the murder, or about having taken part in the rioting, were made	made	VERB	before	SCONJ	 before
Another pair of early nineteenth century bridges, built of coursed limestone with ashlar dressings, carry the road over the northernmost channel. The bridge at Deeping Gate carries the date 1651, and is a Grade II * listed stone structure with three round arches. After the	the	DET	remains	NOUN	 remains
The mid to late 1960s shows little growth and serves as evidence of the near drought conditions of New England. Haley Farm State Park is a rare habitat that " squeezes a great variety of biological diversity into a very small space. " The growth and composition of	of	ADP	the	DET	 the
According to the 2001 UK census, the industry of employment of residents in Altrincham was 18.4 per cent property and business services, 16.0 per cent retail and wholesale, 12.1 per cent manufacturing, 10.7 per cent health and social work, 8.3 per cent education, 8.3	8.3	NUM	per	ADP	 per
In order to rank players, FIDE, ICCF, and national chess organizations use the Elo rating system developed by Arpad Elo. Elo is a statistical system based on the assumption that the chess performance of each player in their games is a random variable. Arpad Elo	Elo	PROPN	thought	VERB	 thought
Out of all sixteen teams participating in the event, the Bahamian team ranked second. The Bahamas ' relay proceeded to the final round on 23 August. During the final round, the Bahamian relay replaced Avard Moncur and Ramon Miller with Chris Brown and Andretti Bain.	.	PUNCT	Chris	PROPN	 Chris
The European version of the game is censored to keep the PEGI rating at 16 instead of 18. Two changes were made amounting to 5 – 10 seconds of gameplay. Immediately after the game was released, nude images of Jodie, actress Ellen Page, surfaced on	on	ADP	the	DET	 the
In addition to these three big names there was also Harry Carey, still a major star when he made several films for the studio in 1922 – 23. The other cowboy stars of FBO included Bob Custer, Bob Steele, and teenager Buzz Barton. One of	of	ADP	the	DET	 the
" The 2014 Australian art prize the Bald Archy was awarded to Judy Nadin for Wrecking Balls Ashes to Ashes, parodying cricketer Mitchell Johnson as Cyrus. On September 21, 2013, Cyrus performed " Wrecking Ball " for the first time during the iHeartRadio Music Festival in	in	ADP	Las	PROPN	 Las
However, Hillman and Crosby have both expressed an interest in working with McGuinn again on future Byrds projects, but the lead guitarist and head Byrd remains adamant that he is not interested in another reunion. During an interview with music journalist John Nork, McGuinn replied "	"	PUNCT	absolutely	ADV	 absolutely
" Although the Church has not determined officially when human life actually begins, it has taken the course of maintaining that human life is present from the moment of conception or fertilization "; respect for life at all stages, even potential life, is generally the context	context	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
The rivalry is a major point of honour between the two universities and followed throughout the United Kingdom and worldwide. Cambridge went into the race as reigning champions, having won the 1920 race by four lengths; Oxford led overall with 39 victories to Cambridge's 32 (	(	PUNCT	excluding	VERB	excluding
In August 2012, Whedon signed a deal to develop the Marvel TV show Agents of S.H.I.E.L.D. for ABC. The series focuses on the secret military law enforcement agency featured throughout the Marvel Cinematic Universe. Created by Whedon, Jed Whedon and Maurissa Tancharoen, the show involves	involves	VERB	individuals	NOUN	 individuals
Parker's court had final jurisdiction over the Indian Territory from 1875 until 1889, as there was no court available for appeals. The legal systems and governments of the Five Civilized Tribes and other Native American tribes in the Indian Territory covered their own citizens, and federal	federal	ADJ	law	NOUN	 law
The survivors reached Goliad on February 29. After filling out an official report on the battle, Johnson, Toler, and Love left the army and went to San Felipe. The remaining survivors joined Fannin's troops and were later killed in the Goliad Massacre. Eleven	Eleven	PROPN	Texians	PROPN	 Texians
Beth gives the murder article a vampire theme, using the puncture wounds as inspiration. The article makes Josef, a 400 year old vampire friend of Mick's, concerned for the safety of vampires. To get more information on the murder, Mick goes to the	the	DET	morgue	PROPN	 morgue
Carey also has played on the World Poker Tour in the Hollywood Home games for the Cleveland Public Library charity. In June 2007, Carey offered to donate up to $100,000 (in $10,000 increments) to the Mooch Myernick Memorial Fund if anybody could beat him	him	PRON	at	ADP	 at
In the week of July 11, 2013, the song entered the top 10 of radio and extended Mars ' streak on Radio Songs. All of his 11 first entries reached the top 10 of the chart, tying with T Pain among males and within one of	of	ADP	tying	VERB	 tying
My life. My decision. " He also wanted to avoid a " media circus ". Although some perceive the settlement as an admission of guilt, the settlement agreement specifically stated that Jackson admitted no wrongdoing and no liability and legally, a settlement can not be	be	AUX	used	VERB	 used
In 2015, a clone of Manta opened at Nagashima Spa Land under the name of Acrobat. Manta features a dual station configuration, which allows two trains to be loaded at the same time, thus increasing the ride's capacity. After departing from the station,	,	PUNCT	the	DET	 the
Kyle admits that he has been in love with Sarah since John gave him a photograph of her. Sarah reciprocates Kyle's feelings and they have sex. The Terminator tracks them to the motel and Kyle and Sarah escape in a pickup truck. In the ensuing chase	chase	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
Under the section, the Minister had power to direct that a complaint be considered by the Committee of Investigation but he refused to exercise the statutory power and provided no reasons for his refusal. The farmers alleged misconduct on Minister's part. The House of Lords held	held	VERB	that	SCONJ	 that
This approach essentially meant that local Serbs wanted the NDH authorities to leave them alone and not impose on their lives. According to the historian Davor Marijan, this was a poor choice that gave the Ustaše an excuse to take radical action. The response of the NDH	NDH	PROPN	authorities	NOUN	 authorities
The following year, Boyd was instrumental in helping Peterborough to promotion to League One, scoring 15 times in 53 games. During the season, he scored his second professional hat – trick in an 8 – 2 win against Accrington Stanley. As a result, he	he	PRON	was	AUX	 was
On April 5, 2012, in a 2 – 1 win over the Detroit Red Wings, he reached his 14th 30 win season, again the most of any NHL goaltender. On March 14, 2009, Brodeur recorded his 551st career win against the Montreal Canadiens	Canadiens	PROPN	at	ADP	 at
For instance during decomposition, bacteria modify the chemically unusual mid gut glands of some organisms into the durable mineral phosphate. This change happens extremely quickly, before the corpse is compressed, and leaves a three dimensional mold of the tissues. Gills can also be preserved in	in	ADP	something	PRON	 something
The problem, Aretaeus believed, was a lack of heat in the stomach necessary to digest the food and a reduced ability to distribute the digestive products throughout the body, this incomplete digestion resulting in the diarrhoea. He regarded this as an affliction of the old and	and	CCONJ	more	ADV	 more
Tongue was admitted to the Oregon State Bar in 1870 and began private legal practice in Hillsboro. While practicing law he was also a farmer and raised livestock while a member of the Knights of Pythias and Odd Fellows. Also a member of the Masonic Order, he	he	PRON	served	VERB	 served
Written by Stefani and English pianist Tim Rice Oxley, the song was released in Europe as the album's fifth and final single on January 18, 2008 by Interscope Records. Musically, " Early Winter " is a soft rock and synthpop ballad with new wave influences	influences	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
Obama's goal for his Inaugural speech was to stir the following response among Americans: " This is why I want to go into public service and be a better politician. This is why I want to go home and be a better parent, better worker,	,	PUNCT	better	ADJ	 better
In addition to mollusk shells, various other natural history specimens are susceptible to this form of decay, including eggshells and some fossils and mineral samples that are composed of calcium carbonate. This condition is of concern for museum scientists, and also for anyone who has a	a	DET	private	ADJ	 private
In January 2011, IndiGo received a license to operate international flights after completing five years of operations. IndiGo's first international service was launched between New Delhi and Dubai on 1 September 2011. International services were later expanded to serve Bangkok, Singapore, Muscat and Kathmandu	Kathmandu	PROPN	.	PUNCT	.
The couple begins to flirt and kiss, only to abruptly end after Carol Lynne discovers a bunny outfit of a coworker. Infuriated, she ends her relationship with Dalton and calls for her things; she finds Maureen hiding in her closet. Carol Lynne immediately leaves Dalton	Dalton	PROPN	's	PART	's
To promote the album, she embarked on The Virgin Tour, which had shows in cities of North America only. Like a Virgin has attained significance as a cultural artifact of the 1980s. Madonna proved that she was not a one hit wonder and was able to	to	PART	provide	VERB	 provide
" Music and culture writer Julianne Escobedo Shepherd wrote that with Cobain's style of dress “ [n] ot only did he make it okay to be a freak, he made it desirable. " Even though the grunge movement died down in 1994 after the death	death	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
James Montgomery of MTV News said that the " gnarly low end " sounds like Jackson's song " Beat It " (1983). Nick Levine of Digital Spy noted that the electronic bassline is similar to those used in Jackson's songs " Thriller " (1983	1983	NUM	)	PUNCT	)
Shari Puterman, television columnist with the Asbury Park Press, felt the sister wives had issues with jealousy and self worth, and she compared Kody to a cult leader. Puterman added, " I can't speak for everyone, but I believe in the sanctity of	of	ADP	marriage	NOUN	 marriage
Jeffrey remarked, " If ever there is an award for the worst taste album cover it must go to this ". Responding to public pressure, Track later replaced it with a photograph of Hendrix performing at the August 1970 Isle of Wight Festival. By the time	time	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
The Battle of Porton Plantation ended in defeat for the Australians, as the landing was repulsed and the Japanese remained in possession of the beachhead. Amidst a campaign where largely the Australians dominated – it was the only defeat – the battle represented a shift in momentum in	in	ADP	the	DET	 the
The second series was published under the katakana for Rozen MaidenKK, and is a sequel to the first series. The series has been localized in other languages such as Italian, French, and Chinese. Peach Pit also published a one shot in the October 2013 issue	issue	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
Mulligan began filming Steve McQueen's sex addiction drama Shame alongside Michael Fassbender in New York in January 2011. Drive debuted at 2011 Cannes Film Festival and Shame debuted at 2011 Venice Film Festival, both to good reviews. Of her performance in Shame, Rolling Stone film	film	NOUN	critic	NOUN	 critic
Marianne later learns that he is engaged to the wealthy Miss Grey and becomes inconsolable. Brandon calls on the Dashwoods and explains to Elinor that Willoughby seduced then abandoned his young ward, Eliza Williams, who has given birth to his child. Mrs. Ferrars (Jean Marsh	Marsh	PROPN	)	PUNCT	)
The Shapley – Folkman lemma has encouraged the use of methods of convex minimization on other applications with sums of many functions. Convex sets are often studied with probability theory. Each point in the convex hull of a (non empty) subset Q of a finite dimensional	dimensional	ADJ	space	NOUN	 space
Since then, the keeping of chickens has spread around the world for the production of food with the domestic fowl being a valuable source of both eggs and meat. Since their domestication, a large number of breeds of chickens have been established, but with the exception	exception	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
The preservation of different body parts in different ways may sometimes help palaeontologists, by suggesting whether a body part was fairly tough like an arthropod limb (preserved as flat film) or very soft and chemically active, like a part of the gut (preserved as a	a	DET	solid	ADJ	 solid
As if the honor of helping to compile the Shin Kokinshū and of having a remarkable 46 of his poems (including three from the Shoji hyakushu) included were not enough, Teika would later be appointed in 1232 by the Retired Emperor Go Horikawa to compile – by	by	ADP	himself	PRON	 himself
However the 1883 FA Cup Final saw the first victory by a working class team, Blackburn Olympic. At this time professionalism was not permitted. Clubs from urban areas in the north were strong advocates of the practice, but the southern amateur teams and the FA authorities	authorities	NOUN	were	AUX	 were
The law will continue to chase Marston unless he pays his bounty at a telegraph station or presents a pardon letter. When arrested, Marston pays off his bounty and is then released. If the player does not have enough money to pay back the bounty, the	the	DET	law	NOUN	 law
Held annually, the Boat Race is a side by side rowing race between crews from the Universities of Oxford and Cambridge along the River Thames. It was won by Oxford who passed the finishing post five and a half lengths ahead of Cambridge, in a winning time	time	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
Acting on reports from airmen that there were no signs of enemy activity and the islands might have been evacuated, General Douglas MacArthur accelerated his timetable for capturing the Admiralties and ordered an immediate reconnaissance in force. The campaign began on 29 February 1944 when a force landed	landed	VERB	on	ADP	 on
She also briefly dates Kurt Hummel (Chris Colfer) in the episode " Laryngitis " as he wants to appear more masculine to impress his father and he is the only guy she has not made out with in the school. In the second season episode " Duets	Duets	NOUN	"	PUNCT	 "
At the north end of the gallery was a drawing room linked to the north range. The gallery could also be accessed from the Silver House to the south, which incorporated a broad stairway with a treasury above. The basement of the north range incorporates kitchens and	and	CCONJ	stores	NOUN	 stores
Holkham also has good examples of sand dunes, and the pines planted on the dunes have provided shelter for other trees and shrubs to become established, making this the only substantial area of woodland in the North Norfolk Coast SSSI. The dunes are created and altered by	by	ADP	the	DET	 the
Scientists and U.S. courts have rejected this objection on the grounds that science is not based on appeals to popularity, but on evidence. The scientific consensus of biologists, not popular opinion or fairness, determines what is considered acceptable science, and although evolution is controversial in	in	ADP	the	DET	 the
A longer palace structure lies to the north, facing southwards and the ballcourt to the southwest. This K ' iche ' layout was somewhat distorted by the reuse of the earlier architecture, because the typical Mam settlement layout was built along an axis running from southeast to	to	ADP	northwest	NOUN	 northwest
Nila, now living in Paris, is unhappy for much of her life, taking up a number of lovers and beginning to refer to the plain and practical Pari as her " punishment ". She commits suicide in 1974 after giving a detailed interview about her early	early	ADJ	life	NOUN	 life
Fish received a Canadian government loan to open Polytron Corporation as a startup company and began full time work on Fez. In July 2009, Polytron announced that Fez would launch in early 2010 as an Xbox Live Arcade exclusive. Development continued with an experimental spirit until the	the	DET	company	NOUN	 company
Having taken six wickets, the match was then washed out, and O'Reilly then had his pay deducted, much to his chagrin. O'Reilly was selected for the New South Wales practice squad based on his performance in a single match for North Sydney against Gordon in 1927	1927	NUM	–	PUNCT	 –
Before they could take the proposal further, the Franco Prussian War broke out. Saint Saëns served in the National Guard during the war. During the brief but bloody Paris Commune that followed, his superior at the Madeleine, the Abbé Deguerry, was murdered by rebels	rebels	NOUN	;	PUNCT	;
The mythos of Final Fantasy XII revolves around a character known as Dynast King Raithwall, a man who once united Ivalice to create the Galtean Alliance in ages past. In Dalmasca's capital city of Rabanastre, Princess Ashe of Dalmasca and Prince Rasler of Nabradia have just	just	ADV	we	PRON	 we
However, this would be the only reported example of horns being used as hunting weapons in animals. Analysis of the jaw design of Carnotaurus by Mazzetta and colleagues (1998, 2004, 2009) suggests that the animal was capable of quick bites, but not strong	strong	ADJ	ones	NOUN	 ones
In late 1221 Maulay agreed to go on crusade with Peter des Roches and Falkes de Breauté, another of des Roches supporters. The loss of Damietta in September meant that the three men postponed their departure, and in November 1221 Maulay was replaced as sheriff. In	In	ADP	return	NOUN	 return
Many of the officers in the companies were wounded but refused evacuation and simply continued the attack. Fifteen minutes after the air strike, the 3rd Battalion resumed its attack toward the crest. As it neared it the North Koreans came out of their positions in a violent	violent	ADJ	counterattack	NOUN	 counterattack
The film focuses on May Smalley and Jack, who loves her, who attend a traveling show that comes to their little town. The show consists of a hypnotist and a Hindu magician and proves to be a popular show, but the hypnotist who is becomes interest	interest	NOUN	in	ADP	 in
The production crew included Daniel Yun as executive producer, Chan Pui Yin and Seah Saw Yan as producers, Ardy Lam as cinematographer and Mo Ju Li as sound editor. Besides writing and directing, Neo starred as Mr. Yeo and composed the theme song, which was	was	AUX	sung	VERB	 sung
Among these scientists was paleontologist David W. Krause of Stony Brook. The first expedition turned up hundreds of theropod teeth identical to those of Majungasaurus, some of which were attached to an isolated premaxilla that was described in 1996. The following seven expeditions would turn up tens	tens	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
The male flowers may be high up in the tree, often in the form of dangling catkins. The female flowers may be lower down the tree. The pollen of pine trees contains air sacs which give it buoyancy and it has been known to travel as far	far	ADV	as	ADP	 as
Despite this, Berryman implemented an effective artillery plan. In the final stage of the battle, Berryman, without authority, ordered Lieutenant Colonel Denzil MacArthur Onslow of the 2 / 6th Cavalry Regiment to pursue the retreating French forces, but was overruled by Savige and Allen	Allen	PROPN	.	PUNCT	.
In the final, hosts and pre tournament favourites Uruguay defeated Argentina 4 – 2 in front of a crowd of 93,000 people, and became the first nation to win the World Cup. Italy, Sweden, the Netherlands, Spain, Hungary and Uruguay all lodged applications	applications	NOUN	to	PART	 to
The lemur dentition is heterodont (having multiple tooth morphologies) and derives from an ancestral primate permanent dentition of 2.1.3.32.1.3.3. Indriids, sportive lemurs, the aye aye, and the extinct sloth lemurs, monkey lemurs, and koala lemurs have reduced dentitions, having lost incisors	incisors	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
Megan Fox as Jennifer Check: Fox was in negotiations to star as Jennifer Check since the film was announced in 2007, and was officially cast in October 2007. Fox said the reason she agreed to the role was her love for the script. " I think	think	VERB	what	PRON	 what
An almost unexpected by product of the parallel investigation of vertebrate and invertebrate nervous systems that is explored in this article is the emergent view of an intricate web of evolutionary homology and convergence exhibited in the structure and function of the nervous systems of these two large, paraphyletic	paraphyletic	ADJ	groups	NOUN	 groups
Vickers Cemented was used in the construction of the Kongō, while the original armour of the other three was constructed of a variation of Krupp Cemented Armour, designed by the German Krupp Arms Works. Subsequent developments of Japanese armour technology relied upon a hybrid design of the	the	DET	two	NUM	 two
For instance, binary subdivision has one tile type and one edge type: Since the only tile type is a quadrilateral, binary subdivision can only subdivide tilings made up of quadrilaterals. This means that the only subdivision complexes are tilings by quadrilaterals. The tiling can be	be	AUX	regular	ADJ	 regular
The 2010 remake holds the record for widest Nightmare on Elm Street release, beating out Freddy vs. Jason by 318 theaters. A Nightmare on Elm Street was released on DVD and Blu ray on October 5, 2010. The DVD's only feature is a featurette,	,	PUNCT	"	PUNCT	 "
The album was a commercial success but was widely panned by some critics. Lester Bangs dismissed it in a Rolling Stone review as " discordant jams with bass and guitar reeling like velocitised speedfreaks all over each other's musical perimeters, yet never quite finding synch ".	.	PUNCT	It	PRON	 It
Pantnagar Airport, located in Pantnagar of the Kumaon region have 1 daily air service to delhi and return too. There government is planning to develop Naini Saini Airport in Pithoragarh, Bharkot Airport in Chinyalisaur in Uttarkashi district and Gauchar Airport in Gauchar, Chamoli district. There	There	PRON	are	VERB	 are
Before Thriller, Jackson struggled to receive coverage on MTV, allegedly because he was African American. Pressure from CBS Records persuaded MTV to start showing " Billie Jean " and later " Beat It ", leading to a lengthy partnership with Jackson, also helping other black	black	ADJ	music	NOUN	 music
The Town Hall occupies the lower part of the Victoria Hall in the Market Square. The Hamstone building was rebuilt around 1742, altered in 1836, when a south piazza was added after the demolition of the shambles. In 1848 9 it became a museum, reading	reading	VERB	room	NOUN	 room
A similar establishment was opened in light of the new railway on the corner of Sharps Lane, known as The Orchard Bungalow. It was eventually expanded and became The Orchard Hotel. The new urban district was formed on 30 September 1904, covering the parish, which	which	PRON	had	AUX	 had
His injury problems started as early as 1980, when he was 15 years old and saw Glentoran's physio Bobby McGregor to resolve a groin strain; Whiteside said that the highly physical massage he was subjected to damaged his pelvis and robbed him of his natural pace.	.	PUNCT	His	PRON	 His
" Conversely, The Chicago Tribune's Maureen Ryan disliked Weston's character, calling him " An unwelcome distraction... an irritating pipsqueak ". She continued saying " House used to be one of the best shows on TV, but it's gone seriously off the rails	rails	NOUN	"	PUNCT	 "
" With militants in different rooms, firing from behind pillars, and then going into basements and clearing it, you can understand the difficulties, " Arshad told journalists. Nineteen bodies were burned beyond recognition, but none of them appeared to be women or children,	,	PUNCT	according	VERB	 according
The Eleventh Five Year Plan (1981 – 85; spanned through the rules of Leonid Brezhnev, Yuri Andropov and Konstantin Chernenko) called for the construction of an additional 80,000 km hardcore surfaced roads, but this was far from adequate in solving the serious shortage, and	and	CCONJ	the	DET	 the
As they made their way downhill, they saw a group of soldiers in American uniforms. It had been 23 days since Smith and Bill set off from Piancastagna. They called to the soldiers and, once the Americans had been satisfied that they were who they claimed	claimed	VERB	,	PUNCT	,
Windows Mobile 6, formerly codenamed " Crossbow ", was released on February 12, 2007 at the 3GSM World Congress 2007. It comes in three different versions: " Windows Mobile 6 Standard " for Smartphones (phones without touchscreens), " Windows Mobile 6 Professional	Professional	PROPN	"	PUNCT	 "
In November he accompanied Oppenheimer on a trip to New Mexico on which the Los Alamos Ranch School was selected as the site of the project's weapons research laboratory, which became the Los Alamos Laboratory. With Oppenheimer and John H. Manley, he drew up the specifications	specifications	NOUN	for	ADP	 for
The Japanese resistance was overwhelmed and by midday the Australians entered Kuanko. Exploiting beyond the village in the afternoon, the lead Australian company took fire from a ridge line to the north west and the advance was halted for the day. The next morning the Australians sent	sent	VERB	out	ADP	 out
The spore print is white to creamy yellow. The mushroom is edible, with a mild taste and a slight odor of maple syrup. American author David Arora suggests that the fruit bodies may be used in a manner similar to the candy cap mushrooms, despite being	being	AUX	not	PART	 not
Kagan believes that Cimon adapted himself to the new conditions and promoted a political marriage between Periclean liberals and Cimonian conservatives. In the mid 450s the Athenians launched an unsuccessful attempt to aid an Egyptian revolt against Persia, which led to a prolonged siege of a Persian fortress	fortress	NOUN	in	ADP	 in
The club ended the campaign as FA Cup winners, but failed to retain their Premier League title as they finished second to Chelsea. In the UEFA Champions League, Arsenal made an exit in the knockout stages to Bayern Munich. In the transfer window Arsenal purchased goalkeeper	goalkeeper	NOUN	Manuel	PROPN	 Manuel
As in the finished game, Cloud would later realize that he is the real Cloud, and that the reason Sephiroth could control his mind and body was because of his weakened will and Shinra's experiments. Additionally, Cloud would have scarred Tifa prior to the game	game	NOUN	's	PART	's
). Potential food items (arthropods) for Tatuidris were taken from soil samples and Winkler samples collected at the site where Tatuidris was a priori determined to be present. Further observations suggest that Tatuidris may be a sit and wait predator. Delsinne observed that " both	both	DET	workers	NOUN	 workers
A small cyclone, a burst of deep convection formed at around the same time, and was said could have produced tropical storm force winds. Continuing its slow, northwestward track under the weal steering currents of a weak mid level ridge to its north, and a	a	DET	broad	ADJ	 broad
In Riviera, seven mobile homes were blown over by winds up to 80 mph (130 km / h), resulting in four injuries. North of Mohave Valley, mudslides destroyed two homes and damaged twenty five others, resulting in roughly $600,000 in losses.	.	PUNCT	Heavy	ADJ	 Heavy
Shortly after takeoff from the airport at Veszprém Jutas on the afternoon of 12 April, the command plane, code E 101, crashed with the loss of 20 or 23 lives, including 19 paratroopers. This was the heaviest single loss suffered by the Hungarians during the	the	DET	Yugoslav	ADJ	 Yugoslav
Herodotus, who evidently has a rather negative view of him, suggests that Aristagoras simply lost his nerve and fled. By the sixth year of the revolt (494 BC), the Persian forces had regrouped. The available land forces were gathered into one army,	,	PUNCT	and	CCONJ	 and
Manned by Continental Army soldiers, she was part of a fleet under the command of General Benedict Arnold that fought the 11 October 1776 Battle of Valcour Island against a larger Royal Navy fleet on Lake Champlain. Although many of the American boats in the battle were damaged	damaged	VERB	in	ADP	 in
This success guaranteed production of a second film, which was in consideration by May 1985. As with the original, production took place at Nelvana's facilities and Taiwan's Wang Film Productions; the Canadian studio also hired South Korean personnel to handle inking and painting.	.	PUNCT	This	DET	 This
It originally aired on October 30, 2011 in the United States on Fox. The episode follows Griffin family neighbor Glenn Quagmire's sister, Brenda, as she struggles with physical and mental abuse at the hands of her boyfriend, and eventual fiancé, Jeff. Quagmire	Quagmire	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
Blair pursues her career as head of Waldorf Designs, with several mishaps, before staging a successful line. In the penultimate episode, Bart falls to his death while trying to attack Chuck atop a building. Afterward, Blair and Chuck depart together. In the series	series	NOUN	finale	NOUN	 finale
After numerous problems encountered during the construction of the ride, Test Track soft opened on December 19, 1998 but didn't officially open until March 17, 1999, nearly 2 years after the original scheduled opening date. After World of Motion had closed on January 2	2	NUM	,	PUNCT	,
Under orders from Dr. Luther Gulick, head of Springfield YMCA Physical Education, Naismith was given 14 days to create an indoor game that would provide an " athletic distraction ": Gulick demanded that it would not take up much room, could help its track athletes to	to	PART	keep	VERB	 keep
Though historically unfounded, the popular perception of the building of the ship as a botched and disorganized affair (dubbed " the Vasa syndrome ") has been used by many authors of management literature as an educational example of how not to organize a successful business. The	The	DET	Vasa	PROPN	 Vasa
Later, Tracy goes to Jenna with his suspicions that Kenneth might be a murderer. Jenna tells Tracy that she has knowledge when it comes to serial killers after playing a criminal profiler — named Jill St. Ferrari — in an original Lifetime miniseries Hushed Rapings. When Tracy	Tracy	PROPN	and	CCONJ	 and
Sanctuary's first worship leader was Stryper's vocalist Michael Sweet and later Barren Cross ' bass player Jim LaVerde. Sanctuary sponsored the first Christian metal festival, The Metal Mardi Gras, held in 1987 in Los Angeles. This proved influential and soon Christian metal festivals were	were	AUX	organized	VERB	 organized
Rolling Stone's Peter Travers called the film " the work of a humanist ready to banish cynicism for compassion ", saying that del Toro " drives the action with a heartbeat ". Keith Uhlich of Time Out called the film " pure, pleasurable comic book absurdity	absurdity	NOUN	"	PUNCT	 "
English and other European languages, he said in 1986, were " part of the neo colonial structures that repress progressive ideas ". Achebe chose to write in English. In his essay " The African Writer and the English Language ", he discusses how the process	process	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
The Oxford scenes were shot at St. Andrew's Cathedral in Honolulu. In 1996, Desmond has short hair and no facial hair and in 2004, Desmond sports long and untamed hair with a full beard. Cusick did not cut his hair; it was hidden underneath	underneath	ADP	a	DET	 a
The added burden of combat operations made this situation untenable after the squadron went into action in Korea, leading to the formation of No. 391 (Base) Squadron at Iwakuni, at the same time as No. 91 Wing headquarters. RAAF base squadrons were responsible	responsible	ADJ	for	ADP	 for
She was fitted with two above water quadruple torpedo tube mounts for 21 inch (533 mm) torpedoes. One depth charge rail and two throwers were fitted; 20 depth charges were originally carried, but this increased to 35 shortly after the war began. Grafton was	was	AUX	laid	VERB	 laid
The final episode, Polarized, was commended for having offered a " fitting conclusion " to the coming of age story of Max Caulfield and the relationship between the two leads was similarly noted as having been carried out successfully. One stealth sequence was described as " tedious	tedious	ADJ	"	PUNCT	 "
He would go on to campaign for the Conservatives in the 1921 election. On the other side, Ezra Riley, a leader of the insurgency, resigned his seat in protest of Cushing's exclusion from the new administration; he was defeated in the ensuing by election	election	NOUN	by	ADP	 by
Zelda's name served as inspiration for Princess Zelda, the eponymous character of the The Legend of Zelda series of video games. Series co creator Shigeru Miyamoto explained, " [Fitzgerald] was a famous and beautiful woman from all accounts, and I liked the sound	sound	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
It is the exhibition of what passes in the minds and hearts of characters that brings an audience into closer sympathy with them and makes tense interest possible when melodrama merely brings a laugh. The double exposures are timed with such skill in this instance that all concerned in	in	ADP	their	PRON	 their
At this time, Yiddish theater in London meant amateur clubs. The arrival of professional Yiddish actors from Russia worked great changes, bringing Yiddish theater in London to a new level and allowing a modest professionalism, though never at much more than a poverty wage. Adler	Adler	PROPN	's	PART	's
The discovery of the new elements, and the new data on neutron capture, was initially kept secret on the orders of the U.S. military until 1955 due to Cold War tensions. Nevertheless, the Berkeley team were able to prepare elements 99 and 100 by civilian means	means	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
Two mixed trains each day were introduced in each direction, and the line was renamed the Brill Tramway. The Duke bought two Aveling and Porter traction engines modified to work as locomotives for the line, each with a top speed of 8 miles per hour (13	13	NUM	km	NOUN	 km
East of the Jackson Lake Lodge lies Emma Matilda and Two Ocean Lakes. South of Jackson Lake, Leigh, Jenny, Bradley, Taggart and Phelps Lakes rest at the outlets of the canyons which lead into the Teton Range. Within the Teton Range, small alpine	alpine	NOUN	lakes	NOUN	 lakes
The two other offices are concerned with fiscal policy: the city treasurer and the commissioner of the revenue. Virginia Beach is located in the Virginia's 2nd congressional district, served by U.S. Representative Scott Rigell (Republican). According to the U.S. Census, 28.1%	%	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
Alexander revived The Importance in a small theatre in Notting Hill, outside the West End, in 1901; in the same year he presented the piece on tour, playing Jack Worthing with a cast including the young Lilian Braithwaite as Cecily. The play returned to the	the	DET	West	ADJ	 West
A five year moratorium on the founding of new mosques and Islamic schools; a permanent ban on preaching in any language other than Dutch. Foreign imams will not be allowed to preach. Radical mosques will be closed and radical Muslims will be expelled. Restoration of educational	educational	ADJ	standards	NOUN	 standards
The act also appointed commissioners, and corrected a misprint that defined the southeast corner of the new county. Over the next two years, a political " battle " continued over the location of the county seat. The tiny community of Hartford was repeatedly selected by the	the	DET	commissioners	NOUN	 commissioners
" Churchill, like many others, was looking for an opportune time to desert James. William landed at Torbay on 5 November 1688 (O.S.); from there, he moved his army to Exeter. James's forces – once again commanded by Lord Feversham –	–	PUNCT	moved	VERB	 moved
By 1937, Stuart's band had achieved a modicum of fame, and had appeared in several film shorts, including 1938's Twenty Girls and a Band. After the creation of his band, Stuart would only sporadically appear in films over the next 20 years.	.	PUNCT	In	ADP	 In
But even in their lowest points, humor is easy to find. " Jeremy Roebuck of KVUE named this episode, along with " Bart Sells His Soul ", " Homer the Heretic ", " Simpsons Bible Stories ", and " She of Little Faith "	"	PUNCT	,	PUNCT	,
The next morning at the Magic Box, Buffy's friends reveal that they also sang that evening. Led by Giles, the gang theorizes about the cause of the singing, sensing no immediate danger but agreeing that by working together they can overcome anything (" I	I	PRON	've	AUX	've
Joining Gorham was original drummer Brian Downey, long standing keyboardist Darren Wharton, Def Leppard guitarist Vivian Campbell, and singer Ricky Warwick from The Almighty, while Marco Mendoza returned to fill the bass guitar role. Ex Lizzy guitarist Brian Robertson was asked if he wanted to	to	PART	participate	VERB	 participate
In 1787, Swedish part time chemist Carl Axel Arrhenius found a heavy black rock near the Swedish village of Ytterby, Sweden (part of the Stockholm Archipelago). Thinking that it was an unknown mineral containing the newly discovered element tungsten, he named it ytterbite.	.	PUNCT	Finnish	ADJ	 Finnish
With plush carpeting, a large Art Deco style oval bar, and plate glass windows on all sides, the Sky Room provided a panoramic view of the city. Architect & Engineer wrote of the luxurious bar in April, 1938, that it " has no prototype	prototype	NOUN	west	NOUN	 west
" Steve Huey, writing for AllMusic, gave high marks to Tucker and Brownstein's guitar interplay as well as Weiss ' backing vocals, stating that the band " makes full use of that extra instrument, packing the tracks with lilting three part harmonies. " The	The	DET	Southland	PROPN	 Southland
A white cockatoo and a sulphur crested cockatoo were found to be infected with the protozoon Haemoproteus and another sulphur crested cockatoo had the malaria parasite Plasmodium on analysis of faecal samples at Almuñecar ornithological garden in Granada in Spain. Like amazon parrots and macaws, cockatoos frequently develop	develop	VERB	cloacal	ADJ	 cloacal
He failed to win the Super Prestige Pernod International, a competition where riders were awarded points for their placements in certain professional races, for the first time since 1968. In the first two months of his off season, Merckx spent the majority of his time lying	lying	VERB	down	ADP	 down
Breckinridge's communication with his supporters between the meetings indicated greater willingness to become a candidate, but he instructed Clay to nominate him only if his support exceeded Guthrie's. Many believed that Buchanan supported Breckinridge, but Breckinridge wrote to Beck that " The President is not	not	PART	for	ADP	 for
In early 1991, the ADOC coalition began to unravel as Endara, Arias, and Ford publicly criticized one another. On April 8, accusing Arias's Christian Democratic Party of not rallying to his support during an impeachment vote, Endara dismissed Arias from the cabinet.	.	PUNCT	Arias	PROPN	 Arias
The World War I war cemeteries represented important memorials sites to the conflict and typically incorporated specific monuments commemorating the dead. Under the Treaty of Versailles, each country was made officially responsible for maintaining the military graves inside their territories, but the relevant countries of the fallen	fallen	VERB	soldiers	NOUN	 soldiers
Hall had sat out four straight games, including the previous Boston College match, after suffering a broken forearm and wrist. ESPN named Hall and Xavier Adibi, Tech's other senior linebacker, the " best linebacker duo in the country ". On Virginia Tech's	's	PART	defensive	ADJ	 defensive
Those who had been trained by Kingsley fetched a much higher price at sale, on average 50 percent higher than market price. A 2006 excavation sponsored by the University of Florida uncovered artifacts from the slave cabins, such as the tools the slaves used. In one	one	NUM	cabin	NOUN	 cabin
It premiered on the Fox network on January 26, 1997. It was written by Vince Gilligan, John Shiban, and Frank Spotnitz, directed by Kim Manners, and featured a guest appearance by Paul McCrane as Leonard Betts / Albert Tanner. The episode is a	a	DET	"	PUNCT	 "
A citizen left the library a Currier and Ives lithograph collection which contains 46 Currier and Ives lithographs and 14 lithographs by Nathaniel Currier. The two collections have been appraised at over $700,000. In addition to the substantial historical art collection held by the library gallery the	the	DET	collection	NOUN	 collection
In the last decade, searchers have been expanding their area to include farther east, into the Atlantic Ocean, but the remains of Flight 19 have still never been confirmed found. In the mid 1960s near Sebastian, Florida, wreckage was found of a warplane with	with	ADP	two	NUM	 two
When Arnold Johnson (a friend of Topping and Yankees general manager George Weiss) became the owner of the Kansas City Athletics in 1955, his new team made many transactions with the Yankees. From 1956 to 1960, the Athletics traded many young players to the Yankees	Yankees	PROPN	for	ADP	 for
Medieval machines and inventions, such as the treadwheel crane, became indispensable during construction, and techniques of building wooden scaffolding were improved upon from Antiquity. When building in stone a prominent concern of medieval builders was to have quarries close at hand. There are examples of	of	ADP	some	DET	 some
Adults facilitate more than lead, and rarely intervene in the meetings, which are intended to teach " mediation and compromise ". The school prioritizes self expression, " honesty, and emotions ". One teacher explained the " free " in " free school " to	to	PART	represent	VERB	 represent
For the first time in the party's history, competing elections were held for offices of power. 1,176 delegates participated at the 10th Congress. These candidates were accepted on the basis of the Working Regulations of the party. 146 (12.37 percent) of the delegates	delegates	NOUN	were	AUX	 were
The episode contains numerous references to popular culture. The title is a play on both the jazz standard ' Round Midnight by Thelonious Monk and the similarly named film also about an unappreciated jazz musician. When a deceased Bleeding Gums Murphy appears to Lisa in a cloud near	near	ADP	the	DET	 the
Hence, over the land surface, Wild et al. and Pinker et al. disagree. A 2007 NASA sponsored satellite based study sheds light on the puzzling observations by other scientists that the amount of sunlight reaching Earth's surface had been steadily declining in recent decades	decades	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
With 2: 12 remaining in the third quarter and Michigan holding a 13 – 7 lead, Woodson made a leaping, one handed interception, with his left foot landing just inside the sideline. His second interception, on the next Spartan possession, led to a	a	DET	touchdown	NOUN	 touchdown
Bridges and pavement were repaired on a rotating basis, to stagger the cost of needed repairs. The bridge over the Kansas River was widened and replaced after 1973. As economic conditions improved for the Authority, equipment was slowly replaced, and workers were given pay increases	increases	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
At about the same time, the Muslim army in Asia Minor, under the command of Sufyan ibn ' Awf, was defeated by the Byzantine army under the generals Phloros, Petron and Cyprian, losing 30,000 men according to Theophanes. These defeats forced the Arabs to	to	PART	abandon	VERB	 abandon
Severely affected by the unknown fate of his son's body, Joshua Jeffries set out for Belgium in 1920 in an attempt to discover his son's " lost grave ". He returned to Australia disappointed, only to learn in January 1921 that Clarence's body had	had	AUX	been	AUX	 been
She plied international trade routes for twelve years, calling at ports as far away as Sydney. On 27 September 1875, the ship wrecked in the mouth of the Mersey River at Liverpool during a hurricane strength storm. Shore based lifeboats crewed mainly by volunteers set out	out	ADP	from	ADP	 from
The ship was modernized in 1934 – 36 with improvements to her armor and machinery, and a rebuilt superstructure in the pagoda mast style. Other than participating in the Battle of Midway and the Battle of the Eastern Solomons in 1942, where she did not see any	any	DET	significant	ADJ	 significant
In 1887 – 88, Fauré composed the first version of the work, which he called " un petit Requiem " with five movements (Introit and Kyrie, Sanctus, Pie Jesu, Agnus Dei and In Paradisum), but did not include his Libera me.	.	PUNCT	This	DET	 This
With these two goals, Villa equalled the record he set last year of most goals scored in one calendar year by a Spanish international. Spain's first match in 2010 came on 3 March, against France at the Stade de France; Villa scored the opening goal	goal	NOUN	in	ADP	 in
With the series tied 1 – 1, Bure was ejected in game three after delivering a high stick to Rangers defenceman Jay Wells. Bure's stick caught Wells beneath the eye, drawing blood and resulting in a five minute major and a game misconduct. With Bure	Bure	PROPN	out	ADP	 out
However, these suddenly ceased, an event that Anna blamed Honora Sneyd's father for. During a temporary absence of Edgeworth on business in Ireland in the spring of 1779, Honora Sneyd fell ill with a fever, just as he was summoning her to let the	the	DET	house	NOUN	 house
After many repetitions, Aaron, forearmed with knowledge of the party's events, stops the gunman, becoming a local hero. Abe and Aaron ultimately part ways; Aaron considers a new life in foreign countries where he can tamper more broadly for personal gain, while	while	SCONJ	Abe	PROPN	 Abe
However, according to the game's designer, this balanced mix of units was not quite right in the first edition; the second edition sped up heavy tanks, slowed down G.E.V.s, and changed the defender's purchasing from " attack factors " to " armor units	units	NOUN	"	PUNCT	 "
The highway runs through agricultural land and turns north to follow Old US 27 / 17 Mile Road. At Division Drive, M 227 passes into Marshall on Kalamazoo Avenue. The highway runs past the Brooks Field airport and the Alwin Downs Golf Course. Kalamazoo Avenue crosses	crosses	VERB	the	DET	 the
In 200 BCE, writings from the Hippocratic school of medicine described the visual aura that can precede the headache and a partial relief occurring through vomiting. A second century description by Aretaeus of Cappadocia divided headaches into three types: cephalalgia, cephalea, and heterocrania. Galen	Galen	PROPN	of	ADP	 of
Following his win, he added, " No way around it, we got lucky. We were able to just beat the 31 car [leader Jeff Burton] to the scoring line by about half a car length or we would have been a lap down.	.	PUNCT	"	PUNCT	 "
" interlude. Along with a performance of " Bad, " the song was performed at Live Aid in July 1985. As U2 reached new levels of fame in 1987 with The Joshua Tree, " Sunday Bloody Sunday " continued to be a focal point of concerts	concerts	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
On the same day, he ordered some young men to be castrated, sent three virgins to brothels, and imprisoned a number of others, including Pamphilus of Caesarea, a priest, scholar, and defender of the theologian Origen. Soon after, and for unknown	unknown	ADJ	reasons	NOUN	 reasons
As she backed off the beach again, she was holed by a mortar round and began taking on water. Meanwhile, the damaged PT had reported what had happened and a bomber was sent to investigate. Flying low, it spotted the men in the water,	,	PUNCT	and	CCONJ	 and
One afternoon, O'Malley observes smoke rising from the arsenal's chimney. When he asks Kerndon about the building's purpose, Kerndon (who can not see the smoke) tells him it is only a storehouse. O'Malley slips away to investigate. He discovers Christine burning	burning	VERB	what	PRON	 what
When Pileggi auditioned for Walter Skinner, he had been in a grumpy mood and had allowed his small amount of hair to grow. His attitude fit well with Skinner's character, causing Carter to assume that the actor was only pretending to be grumpy. Pileggi later	later	ADV	realized	VERB	 realized
Jackson continued his negative comments towards the champion, and directed his latest insult at Silva's training camp at the time, the Chute Boxe Academy. These insults culminated in an altercation between the two on March 16, 2003, at Pride 25. Following a victory	victory	NOUN	over	ADP	 over
Prior to the 1120s there is very little evidence of castles having existed in Scotland, which had remained less politically centralised than in England with the north still ruled by the kings of Norway. David I of Scotland (r. 1124 – 53) spent time at the	the	DET	court	NOUN	 court
Bob Dylan attended the performance and offered Redding an altered version of one of his songs, " Just Like a Woman ". In late 1966, Redding returned to the Stax studio and recorded several tracks, including " Try a Little Tenderness ", written by Jimmy	Jimmy	PROPN	Campbell	PROPN	 Campbell
Around 1977, according to two accused rapists known in the area were the " Blade " rapist, the " Beer Belly " rapist, and the " Jumper Cable " rapist. Much of the crime in the 1970s was because Gulfton was predominantly inhabited with white single	single	ADJ	young	ADJ	 young
According to Adarsh, the film collected ₹ 54.7 million at the Andhra Pradesh and Nizam regions. The film collected ₹ 227.1 million at the Andhra Pradesh and Nizam regions, ₹ 30 million together in Tamil Nadu and Karnataka and ₹ 16.6 million in the rest of India	India	PROPN	by	ADP	 by
When one of the marines who supported the mutiny was placed in irons for drunken behaviour and insolence, a crowd formed on deck and tried to free him. The officers resisted these attempts and as sailors began to push and threaten them, Campbell gave the order for	for	SCONJ	the	DET	 the
" In the episode, Bart appears on the talk show Late Night with Conan O'Brien. Conan O'Brien was a writer for The Simpsons during the fourth and early part of the fifth seasons. During the production of the episode, he received an audition to replace David	David	PROPN	Letterman	PROPN	 Letterman
In the United States, its range extends northward to Michigan and New England. Typically found growing solitary, in groups or in clusters under hardwood trees, the fungus produces fruit bodies in the summer and autumn. In the New England area of the United States,	,	PUNCT	mycologist	NOUN	 mycologist
Struggling with hearing loss, Collier retired after the 1970 season, although he remained a scout and quarterbacks coach for several more years. He was diagnosed with prostate cancer in 1976 and retired to Texas, where he died in 1983. Collier was well liked by players	players	NOUN	and	CCONJ	 and
Tony and Pulitzer Prize – winning playwright Howard Sackler was in Los Angeles when the filmmakers began looking for another writer and offered to do an uncredited rewrite; since the producers and Spielberg were unhappy with Benchley's drafts, they quickly agreed. At the suggestion of Spielberg	Spielberg	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
An estimate book compiled by him, and now in the Victoria and Albert Museum, contains the names of the individuals and companies that worked at the house. Thomas Nicholls was responsible for the stone carving, including the capitals, corbels and the chimneypieces. The mosaic	mosaic	ADJ	and	CCONJ	 and
It was co produced by famed reggae artist Lee " Scratch " Perry, though Foote was summoned to " ground things " a bit and the result was pure punk rock. Released in September 1977 — NME noted how CBS allowed the group to " bait their masters	masters	NOUN	"	PUNCT	 "
Frontex is an agency of the EU established to manage the cooperation between national border guards securing its external borders. It aims to detect and stop illegal immigration, human trafficking and terrorist infiltration. In December 2015 the European Commission presented its proposal for a new European Border	Border	PROPN	and	CCONJ	 and
The station was located about 2 miles (3 km) outside of town and was situated on the bank of the Connecticut River. One newspaper travel writer, Bill Rice, described the 13 miles (21 km) trip from Riverside to Chester: " The trip	trip	NOUN	to	ADP	 to
The Athenians then decided to take advantage of the Spartan discomfiture, holding a conference in Athens, in which the peace terms proposed earlier in 371 BC were ratified by all cities (except Elis); and this time, the treaty explicitly made the Peloponnesian cities,	,	PUNCT	formerly	ADV	 formerly
The game's seven police interviews were filmed roughly in chronological order over five days, in a process that Barlow called " natural ". Barlow travelled to Seifert's home county of Cornwall to film. He felt that finding the locations for the interrogation rooms was the	the	DET	simplest	ADJ	 simplest
The term he coined was " prehension ", which comes from the Latin prehensio, meaning " to seize. " The term is meant to indicate a kind of perception that can be conscious or unconscious, applying to people as well as electrons. It is also	also	ADV	intended	VERB	 intended
Brits top scored for the South Africans in the first of four ODIs with 48, but an unbeaten century from West Indies opener Stafanie Taylor helped the tourists to chase down the total and win with 51 balls remaining. Brits made 31 in the second match as South	South	PROPN	Africa	PROPN	 Africa
The English Defence League (EDL) published an online review of the documentary authored by Pyrus, a member of their LGBT division. Labelling Holland " ludicrously deferential " for praying to Allah alongside the " toothless old bedouins ", they thought that Channel 4 had been	been	AUX	far	ADV	 far
However, during the struggle, a shelf was knocked down, dumping various ingredients into the patty batter, creating the Krabby Patty recipe, which Krabs is left with. The two go their separate ways, each trying to open their own establishment. Mr. Krabs '	'	PART	"	PUNCT	 "
Jones did not think Paich's songs were right for the album, but enjoyed the rough demo of " Human Nature " at the end of the cassette. Jones explained, " All of a sudden, at the end, there was all this silence, there	there	PRON	was	VERB	 was
Due to the provisions of the Defence Act, which precluded the five existing Militia divisions from serving overseas, the government decided to raise an all volunteer force known as the 2nd AIF. The 6th Division was the first division formed within the 2nd AIF, being raised	raised	VERB	on	ADP	 on
The S III comes with a multitude of pre installed applications, including Google Apps like Google Play, YouTube, Google +, Gmail, Google Maps, Voice Search and Calendar, in addition to Samsung specific apps such as ChatON, Game Hub, Music Hub,	,	PUNCT	Video	PROPN	 Video
Boeing states that the 777 fleet has a dispatch reliability (rate of departure from the gate with no more than 15 minutes delay due to technical issues) above 99 percent. After the original model, Boeing developed an increased gross weight variant of the 777 200 with	with	ADP	greater	ADJ	 greater
The " OMG " performance was accompanied by red laser lights, making an illusion as if the stage disappeared. The lights spelled out " O.M.G " as well as " Usher ", as dancers lowered from the ceiling. Jayson Rodrgiguez of MTV News commented, "	"	PUNCT	The	DET	 The
It redeveloped back into a tropical depression on September 10, and intensified into Tropical Storm Felix the next day while tracking generally northward. By September 13, it intensified into a hurricane, and subsequently it underwent rapid deepening, becoming a major hurricane on September 14 with	with	ADP	peak	NOUN	 peak
King summarized the philosophy of the Birmingham campaign when he said: " The purpose of... direct action is to create a situation so crisis packed that it will inevitably open the door to negotiation ". A significant factor in the success of the Birmingham campaign was the	the	DET	structure	NOUN	 structure
He raises his hand over the king's head. In the group of people gathered below the king, in another acknowledgement of the burghers ' importance, is burgher Jan Kiliński (24), one of the leaders of the Kościuszko Uprising. To his right,	,	PUNCT	at	ADP	 at
Darnell Bing – Bronko Nagurski Trophy, Lott Trophy, and Jim Thorpe Award Reggie Bush – Maxwell Award Dwayne Jarrett – Maxwell Award Ryan Kalil – Rimington Trophy Matt Leinart – Maxwell Award Steve Smith – Maxwell Award LenDale White – Maxwell Award In addition to the awards,	,	PUNCT	six	NUM	 six
Grand Theft Auto IV broke industry sales records and became the fastest selling entertainment product in history at the time, earning US $310 million in its first day and US $500 million in its first week. Considered one of the most significant titles of the seventh	seventh	ADJ	generation	NOUN	 generation
The subsystem translates Linux system calls that Ubuntu uses to those of the Windows NT kernel. This allows the Bash and other 64 bit Ubuntu command line apps to run within the Windows console; however, Bash can not run Windows software and Windows can not run Linux	Linux	PROPN	software	NOUN	 software
The alto recitative, " Der Schluß ist schon gemacht " (The end has already come), is accompanied by all instruments, creating the images of sleep (in a downward movement, ending in long notes), the waking up (in fast movement upwards	upwards	ADV	)	PUNCT	)
Long serving coach Carles Rexach was appointed as his replacement, initially on a temporary basis, and managed to at least steer the club to the last Champions League spot on the final day of the season. Despite better form in La Liga and a good run to	to	ADP	the	DET	 the
This fork in the river is historically important in the development of early Chicago. This was the location of Chicago's first three taverns, its first hotel, Sauganash Hotel, its first ferry, its first drug store, its first church, and the first bridges	bridges	NOUN	across	ADP	 across
The 64 team field started in 1985, which guaranteed that a championship team had to win six games. In 10 * (9) National Invitation Tournament appearances, Michigan is 25 * – 7 (20 – 7) overall all time and 3 * – 1	1	NUM	(	PUNCT	 (
The attack was put in just before midnight on 23 July and was a costly success. Amidst heavy casualties, the 11th Battalion took the forward German trenches and amidst the confusion of the fighting advanced beyond their limit of exploitation, entering Pozières and moving beyond where they	they	PRON	became	AUX	 became
He was charged with filing more than $36 million in fraudulent federal income tax refund claims. On January 2, 2013, a federal prosecutor asserted in a court hearing for Unger that Unger was a danger to the community and that Unger had stated that he would	would	AUX	rather	ADV	 rather
He scored 133 runs at 21.83. In the lead up to the 1960 – 61 home Tests series against the West Indies, O'Neill scored 156 not to set up an innings win for his state over the tourists. He then struck 181 in the first innings of	of	ADP	the	DET	 the
Meanwhile, an alive and young adult Simba is visited by Mufasa's ghost, who encourages him to return to the Pride Lands and take his rightful place as king. Aided by his friends Nala, Timon and Pumbaa, Simba arrives at Pride Rock and witnesses Scar	Scar	PROPN	striking	VERB	 striking
Hans Gerhardt attempted to follow the pair but his German citizenship barred him from entering the United States. Regina and Hans Gerhardt had separated in Moscow, although they did not officially divorce until 1945. At the time of her son's birth, Regina was " homeless	homeless	ADJ	"	PUNCT	 "
Sesame Street has been used to test the attention span of infants and toddlers. In 2004, children from three months to two years were shown Sesame Street clips and a group of computer generated black and white patterns. Their attention spans, as determined by the duration	duration	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
His athletic career was not entirely on hold as an upperclassman, and he was able to get some low minor league experience before completing his degree at Princeton in politics in June 2002 and becoming a full time professional athlete. He played in the class A minor leagues	leagues	NOUN	after	ADP	 after
The team then worked on the finer details of his appearance. During the concepting process of Halo 4, O'Connor decided it would be best for the franchise to explore the Forerunner fiction of the Halo universe, which had remained largely a mystery before 343 Industries ' involvement	involvement	NOUN	in	ADP	 in
The following day, rebels entered the city through a sally port in Despuig Bastion and massacred the garrison of 65 men. These events marked the beginning of a two year uprising and blockade, which ended in 1800 with Malta becoming a British protectorate. Mdina's fortifications	fortifications	NOUN	remained	VERB	 remained
This may be supplemented with the secretions of formic acid from ants, which birds receive through a behaviour known as anting, to remove feather parasites. The scales of birds are composed of the same keratin as beaks, claws, and spurs. They are found mainly	mainly	ADV	on	ADP	 on
Returning to his flat, he gave away many of his treasured possessions and wrote his will. Having lost a lot of weight and unable to walk easily, he attended the Castro's 1988 Gay Freedom Parade in a wheelchair, being pushed along by Mckenna in front	front	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
’ [Lev. 10: 9] So true is it, that such as shall have ministered in the Church, being not sober, shall ‘ die. ’ Thus, too, in recent times He upbraids Israel: ‘ And ye used to give my	my	PRON	sanctified	VERB	 sanctified
Various religious conservatives have claimed that the books promote witchcraft and religions such as Wicca and are therefore unsuitable for children, while a number of critics have criticised the books for promoting various political agendas. The books also aroused controversies in the literary and publishing worlds. In	In	ADP	1997	NUM	 1997
Held annually, the Boat Race is a side by side rowing race between crews from the Universities of Oxford and Cambridge along the River Thames. Oxford, the reigning champions and leading overall, went into the race with a marginally heavier crew than Cambridge. They won	won	VERB	"	PUNCT	 "
In 1779, Carl Wilhelm Scheele showed that graphite, which had been thought of as a form of lead, was instead identical with charcoal but with a small admixture of iron, and that it gave " aerial acid " (his name for carbon dioxide) when	when	SCONJ	oxidized	VERB	 oxidized
Dan Curry created the bat'leth in 1990 for Worf, a character played by Michael Dorn in Star Trek: The Next Generation after receiving approval from producer Rick Berman. Curry based it on the " Chinese fighting crescent ". Curry — a martial artist — also developed	developed	VERB	a	DET	 a
Similar winds occurred in North Carolina, and lesser readings were recorded throughout the northeastern United States, excluding a 174 mph (280 km / h) wind gust on Mount Washington in New Hampshire. In addition, David dropped heavy rainfall along its path, peaking at	at	ADP	10.73	NUM	 10.73
Prior to the conception and advent of his cutter, he briefly threw a two seam fastball around 2008 and 2009, before debuting his cutter in 2010. Once he attained a " feel " for how to effectively utilize his cutter, it helped him increase his groundball	groundball	NOUN	rate	NOUN	 rate
From 30 October 1960, the route for the Ekeberg Line trams in the city changed, so they instead followed the route Schweigaards gate – Vognmannsgata – Jernbanetorget – Kirkeristen to Stortorvet instead of the old route via Grønland and Brugata. From 1963, the route terminated at	at	ADP	Jernbanetorget	PROPN	 Jernbanetorget
Sales in 2014 were led by the Outlander P HEV with 7,666 units, followed by Volvo V60 Plug in Hybrid with 3,126 units, and Tesla Model S with 1,465 units sold. The top 5 best selling plug in electric cars in 2015 were all plug in hybrids	hybrids	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
They are mixed with spruces, Swiss stone pines, and more rarely silver firs. Maple and lime forests are found in gulleys. These forests are only present in isolated areas and are at risk of extinction. Downy oak woods are more common in the Aosta Valley	Valley	PROPN	area	NOUN	 area
Other contemporary underground cartoonists were soon to incorporate confessional autobiography into their work. Robert Crumb followed the same year with " The Confessions of R. Crumb " and continued with numerous other such strips. Art Spiegelman, who had seen Binky Brown in mid creation in 1971,	,	PUNCT	went	VERB	 went
I can't find the door to get out. My grandfather got out of it. He got right out of it. He left it behind him and he didn't look back. He got that absolutely right. And I'd like to make one further	further	ADJ	interjection	NOUN	 interjection
He also welcomed anti doping authorities to test him to prove that he was clean, stating, " We work hard and we perform well and we know we're clean ". I was slowing down long before the finish and wasn't tired at all. I	I	PRON	could	AUX	 could
Its music video, directed by Jared Leto under the pseudonym of Bartholomew Cubbins, received a largely positive response and numerous accolades, including an MTV Video Music Award. In October 2006, the band began their Welcome to the Universe Tour, sponsored by MTV2, and	and	CCONJ	were	AUX	 were
Tacitus claimed that Tiridates I was also interested in all things Roman. Public festivities continued for some time after the coronation ceremony. The interior of the Theatre of Pompey and every piece of its furniture was entirely gilded for the occasion; for this reason, Rome thenceforth	thenceforth	NOUN	recalled	VERB	 recalled
The government of Tasmania published a monochromatic reproduction of the same image in 1934, the author Louisa Anne Meredith also copied it for Tasmanian Friends and Foes (1881). The thylacine has been used extensively as a symbol of Tasmania. The animal is featured on the	the	DET	official	ADJ	 official
Gas metal arc welding (GMAW), also known as metal inert gas or MIG welding, is a semi automatic or automatic process that uses a continuous wire feed as an electrode and an inert or semi inert gas mixture to protect the weld from contamination. Since	Since	SCONJ	the	DET	 the
" The Departed has a score of 92% on Rotten Tomatoes, and critical reception was very good. According to Forbes in August 2007, Damon was the most bankable star of the actors reviewed, his last three films at that time averaged US $29 at	at	ADP	the	DET	 the
The last captive birth for these species in North America was in 2001 in San Diego. Pygmy slow lorises are doing better in North American zoos; from the late 1980s (when they were imported) to 2008, the population grew to 74 animals, with most	most	ADJ	of	ADP	 of
Edwards was born on 1 October 1936 at 23 Malvern Crescent in the Woodside district of Dudley, which at the time was part of the county of Worcestershire. He was the first child of Gladstone and Sarah Anne Edwards and their only child to survive to adulthood,	,	PUNCT	his	PRON	 his
The triggers for precipitation of uric acid are not well understood. While it may crystallize at normal levels, it is more likely to do so as levels increase. Other triggers believed to be important in acute episodes of arthritis include cool temperatures, rapid changes in uric	uric	ADJ	acid	NOUN	 acid
" Elsewhere, he had indicated: " In An Unforgettable Summer the Bulgarian peasants have no consciousness of ethnic difference: they are executed simply because examples must be set. " The Macedonian brigands are a mysterious presence throughout the film, and their actual ethnicity, unlike	unlike	ADP	their	PRON	 their
The major diving accident and fatality research studies that have been conducted globally including work by the Divers Alert Network, the Diving Incident Monitoring Study, and Project Stickybeak have each identified cases where the mortality was associated with the diving cylinder. Some recorded accidents associated with diving	diving	NOUN	cylinders	NOUN	 cylinders
During this period, Barley entered none of these works in the Stationers ' Register (by entering a title into the register, a publisher recorded their rights to the work). This is probably due to the Stationers ' feud with the Drapers '; the Stationers	Stationers	PROPN	'	PART	 '
Rosy is terrified; it was her testimony that sent Frank to prison. Rosy phones Mary (Lydia Alfonsi) for solace. The women have been estranged, but Rosy is certain that only Mary can help her. Mary agrees to come over that night. Seconds	Seconds	NOUN	later	ADV	 later
After every match here, the substitutes come and visit me. " Another of his challenges at PSV was handling the Brazilian international Romário. Robson became frustrated with the Brazilian's work ethic, although admitted "... in some matches he would be scintillating. " Robson	Robson	PROPN	arranged	VERB	 arranged
The Mascarene Islands (Mauritius, Réunion, and Rodrigues), are of volcanic origin and are less than 10 million years old. Therefore, the ancestors of both birds probably remained capable of flight for a considerable time after the separation of their lineage. The Nicobar	Nicobar	PROPN	and	CCONJ	 and
Britney Jean debuted at number 34 on the UK Albums Chart, selling 12,959 copies in its first week. In doing so, it became Spears's lowest charting and lowest selling album in the country. " Work Bitch " was released as the lead single from Britney	Britney	PROPN	Jean	PROPN	 Jean
In 2005, the western terminus of SR 290 was moved southeast to an exit with I 90, replacing the spur route. The entire highway is in Spokane County. Washington State Route 290 Spur was a 0.67 mile (1.08 km) long spur route of SR	SR	PROPN	290	NUM	 290
" The Observer's Kitty Empire highlighted the art direction of the show as " nothing short of breathtaking, making awesome and repeated use of silhouette, of great white blocks of video screens, of live dancers interacting with video ". She praised the singer's "	"	PUNCT	fierce	ADJ	 fierce
Group 14 is the best fit in terms of thermodynamic properties such as ionization energy and electron affinity, but none of the three placements are entirely satisfactory. As an example of hydrogen's unorthodox properties stemming from its unusual electron configuration and small size, the hydrogen ion	ion	NOUN	is	AUX	 is
The closest major relative of Tamil is Malayalam; the two began diverging around the 9th century CE. Although many of the differences between Tamil and Malayalam demonstrate a pre historic split of the western dialect, the process of separation into a distinct language, Malayalam, was	was	AUX	not	PART	 not
" Later, Ayumi Mizukoshi argued that early audiences did not support " Ode to Psyche " because it " turned out to be too reflexive and internalised to be enjoyed as a mythological picture. For the same reason, the " Ode on a Grecian Urn " drew	drew	VERB	neither	CCONJ	 neither
Glasgow departed Coronel at 09: 15 after having picked up the squadron's mail, and rendezvoused with the rest of the squadron four hours later. Cradock ordered his ships to form line abreast with a distance of 15 nautical miles (28 km; 17 mi)	)	PUNCT	between	ADP	 between
Two months later, the Daily Star's Susan Hill announced that Ruby decides to leave Summer Bay after she makes " an emotional visit " to her mother's grave. She then realises that she needs to move on from recent events and the only way she can	can	AUX	do	VERB	 do
From November 2006 - January 2007, an exhibition called ' Sur les Traces ' at Trolley Gallery, London, featured polaroid prints taken by Patti Smith and donated to Trolley to raise awareness and funds for the publication of Double Blind, a book on the war in	in	ADP	Lebanon	PROPN	 Lebanon
The first of the poems was written in Paris, where she and Mr. Pinter traveled soon after they met. More than three decades later the two are rarely apart, and Mr. Pinter turns soft, even cozy, when he talks about his wife. " In	In	ADP	that	DET	 that
They claimed that in 2001, they had sent Fox their manuscript which was based on their own experiences of a prison break at a juvenile facility. In the 1960s, Donald Hughes planned and successfully executed a prison escape for his brother, Robert Hughes, who was	was	AUX	wrongfully	ADV	 wrongfully
This book was an influential one; the Chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff at the time, General Hugh Shelton, gave copies to every four star officer in the military. On the one hand, the relief of MacArthur established a precedent that generals and admirals	admirals	NOUN	could	AUX	 could
Due to these actions, and due to Muslims, especially those in eastern Bosnia, being branded by the Chetniks as " Turks " and " Ustaše cronies, " the Chetniks found few Muslim recruits. In late 1942, a Muslim Chetnik militia known as the Muslim	Muslim	PROPN	People	PROPN	 People
This dust is then transported inward past the orbit of Epsilon Eridani b. When collisions between the dust grains are taken into account, the dust will reproduce the observed infrared spectrum and brightness. Outside the radius of ice sublimation, located beyond 10 AU from Epsilon Eridani where	where	SCONJ	the	DET	 the
Badajoz is located in the southwest of the Iberian Peninsula on the bank of the Guadiana River on the border with Portugal. It is the capital city of the province of the same name. It is 61 kilometres (38 mi) from Mérida, 89 kilometres (	(	PUNCT	55	NUM	55
She was commissioned in 1870 to participate in the Franco Prussian War and was assigned to the Baltic Squadron that unsuccessfully attempted to blockade Prussian ports in the Baltic Sea. The ship later served in both the Northern and Mediterranean Squadrons before being discarded in 1894. The Océan	Océan	PROPN	class	NOUN	 class
To challenge himself, Santaolalla used a variety of unique instruments he was unfamiliar with, giving a sense of danger and innocence. For The Last of Us, he used a detuned guitar, producing deep noise. To produce unique tunes, Santaolalla recorded in various rooms	rooms	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
Bower later revealed that two thirds of the boys who auditioned for the role of Chris backed out when they discovered the character was gay, which she said was " disappointing, but not surprising. " Mason said that he was " really excited to get an opportunity	opportunity	NOUN	like	ADP	 like
The main chemical reaction producing the molten iron is: Fe2O3 + 3CO → 2Fe + 3CO2 This reaction might be divided into multiple steps, with the first being that preheated blast air blown into the furnace reacts with the carbon in the form of coke to produce carbon	carbon	NOUN	monoxide	NOUN	 monoxide
Distraught by the ruthless execution of the Lazurian commander, Forsythe, Brenner and the 12th Battalion break the Lazurian prisoners out of an NRA internment camp before they can be executed. While the group escapes, Brenner stays behind and hides in an abandoned city to buy them	them	PRON	some	DET	 some
There is hardly filler here, no scenes to drag out the running time or to fill some gaps in between other climaxes. Every scene matters and every scene is made to look like it matters. The director uses all means to his disposal to keep the viewer	viewer	NOUN	engaged	VERB	 engaged
Following a highly publicised appeal for information on her whereabouts and intensive police enquiries, her body was discovered on 25 December 2010 in Failand, North Somerset. A post mortem examination determined that she had been strangled. The murder inquiry, codenamed Operation Braid, was one	one	NUM	of	ADP	 of
" It was a brave decision, and a good one ", said reporter and British Tintin expert Michael Farr. " Few problems, psychological included, are solved by abandoning them. " Thompson noted, " It was ironic, but not perhaps unpredictable, that	that	PRON	faced	VERB	 faced
" In defense of his actions, Clinton has said that DOMA was an attempt to " head off an attempt to send a constitutional amendment banning gay marriage to the states ", a possibility he described as highly likely in the context of a " very reactionary Congress	Congress	PROPN	.	PUNCT	.
Effects were worst on Réunion, where wind gusts were around 130 – 150 km / h (80 – 90 mph) along the coast. The storm also dropped torrential rainfall, peaking at 800 mm (31 in) at a volcano in Cilaos. The winds	winds	NOUN	and	CCONJ	 and
Also, contrary to common belief, David Lindberg writes, " the late medieval scholar rarely experienced the coercive power of the church and would have regarded himself as free (particularly in the natural sciences) to follow reason and observation wherever they led ". The caricature	caricature	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
The fortress also had a psychological aspect, in that its mere existence kept a firm grip of peoples ' minds — essentially functioning as a morale booster — during times when Sweden was in the shadow of war. Degerberget Fort (Degerbergsfortet) was planned and constructed on	on	ADP	Degerberget	PROPN	 Degerberget
John Farkas was a resistance fighter during World War II and was the last man claiming to have seen Wallenberg alive. Farkas ' son has stated that there have been sightings of Wallenberg " up into the 1980s in Russian prisons and psychiatric hospitals. " Raoul Wallenberg's	's	PART	half	ADJ	 half
The documents relating to this dispute, which dragged on into the archbishopric of Hubert Walter, are published in one whole volume of the Rolls Series, which was edited by the Victorian historian William Stubbs. Baldwin's long running dispute with his cathedral chapter caused the chronicler	chronicler	NOUN	Gervase	PROPN	 Gervase
White and his team created upwards of 1,000 prosthetic makeup applications and 2,000 molds of different colored aliens. For the specific aesthetic look to the film, Gunn wanted to create " a colorful science fiction world ", and include elements of 1950s and 60s pulp movies,	,	PUNCT	citing	VERB	 citing
This type of classification, however, is based on a somewhat romanticized nationalist view of ethnicity and language. The idea that only rural variants of Swedish should be considered " genuine " is not generally accepted by modern scholars. No dialects, no matter how remote or	or	CCONJ	obscure	ADJ	 obscure
On behalf of his men Laforey brought a legal challenge against the ruling to the High Court of Admiralty to determine the status of Castor. The judge, Sir James Marriott, heard evidence from a number of parties, including a deposition by Captain L ' Huillier that	that	PRON	described	VERB	 described
Cobb solves the problem of evil by denying God ’ s omnipotence, stressing instead that God ’ s power is persuasive rather than coercive, that God can influence creatures but not determine what they become or do. For Cobb, God ’ s role is to liberate	liberate	VERB	and	CCONJ	 and
" The melodrama was screened in the Special Presentations section of the 2015 Toronto International Film Festival, where it garnered generally negative reviews for its weepie story line. Cruz however was praised for her " aces performance, " which earned her an eighth Goya nomination at the	the	DET	30th	ADJ	 30th
With the exception of Mr Justice Wiles, the court unanimously declared that Erskine's arguments were incorrect, and that the jury had no such role; accordingly, his appeal was denied. Shipley was, however, later freed when the King's Bench held that the	the	DET	initial	ADJ	 initial
But the producers thought it did not work after the emotional scenes between Desmond and Penny, and decided to finish with Faraday reading his diary. In its original American broadcast, " The Constant " was watched by 12.893 million viewers, ranking Lost eighth in weekly ratings	ratings	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
Near Flamingo, 234 campsites with some services are also available. Recreational vehicle camping is available at these sites, although not with all necessary services. Backcountry permits are required for campsites along the Wilderness Waterway, Gulf Coast sites, and sites in the various keys.	.	PUNCT	Several	ADJ	 Several
Madonna performed " Joan of Arc " in an acoustic version for the first time during her week on The Ellen DeGeneres Show on March 18, 2015. Madonna was dressed in a sequined heart blouse, with the performed track being " slightly slower than the studio version	version	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
He also attacked Specter for previously backing President George W. Bush's economic policies and said, " Pennsylvania workers need a Senator they can count on to be there when they need him, not only when he needs them during an election. " The Philadelphia Inquirer writer	writer	NOUN	Thomas	PROPN	 Thomas
No charges were laid against Macsyna King. Kahui's lawyer has threatened to lodge a complaint with the Police Complaints Authority over Police handling of the prosecution of her client for the murder of Chris and Cru Kahui. Coroner Gary Evans released a report into the deaths of	of	ADP	the	DET	 the
Next it crosses the equally long Geitøysund Bridge to Geitøya, which features a viewpoint and parking. It then runs across Eldhusøya and Lyngholmen, before reaching Ildhusøya, where there are a resting place, parking and a viewpoint. Next is Storseisundet Bridge, a cantilever bridge	bridge	NOUN	260	NUM	 260
On the Billboard issue dated August 21, 2010, " Dance in the Dark " debuted on the Bubbling Under Hot 100 Singles chart at number 22, and on the Hot Dance / Electronic Digital Songs at number nine, on the issue dated October 9, 2010	2010	NUM	.	PUNCT	.
The 11th Armoured Division had lost nearly 40 tanks on its slopes by the end of the day and was surrounded on three sides but troops managed to reach and reinforce the position. With the weather improving over the United Kingdom and Normandy, Hausser's preparations for his	his	PRON	counter	NOUN	 counter
A colony with less than 100 workers is not considered a mature colony. M. dispar colonies have around 15 to 329 ants, M. nigrocincta have over 1,000, M. pyriformis have from 200 to over 1,400 and M. gulosa have nearly 1,600. A colony can last for	for	ADP	a	DET	 a
Armored forces later extricated the paratroopers. The Egyptians attempted to restore their defenses to their initial dispositions with an armored attack on October 17. It initially succeeded, but was pushed back by Israeli counterattacks in an armored battle lasting the entire day. Seriously depleted by the	the	DET	continuous	ADJ	 continuous
The RAAF's force of twelve C 130A Hercules was augmented by twelve C 130Es commencing in February 1966. No. 37 Squadron, disbanded in 1948, was re formed at Richmond to operate the new models. No. 486 Squadron was also re formed to provide	provide	VERB	maintenance	NOUN	 maintenance
The Act mentioned 1,000 inhabitants in three wards. The wealth of adjoining stands of timber, the discovery of oil in nearby Oil Springs in 1858 by James Miller Williams, and the arrival of the Great Western Railway in 1858 and the Grand Trunk Railway in 1859 all	all	PRON	stimulated	VERB	 stimulated
Director Rod Lurie insisted on having the prisoners ' cells face each other, but this is not the case at the Tennessee State Prison. To solve the problem, production designer Kirk Petruccelli created cells in a warehouse near the prison. To show the balance of power	power	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
Arizona, admitted to statehood in 1912, chose its first two Senators by advisory popular vote. Alaska, and Hawaii, admitted to statehood in 1959, have never chosen a U.S. Senator legislatively. The first direct elections to the Senate following the Seventeenth Amendment being adopted	adopted	VERB	were	AUX	 were
Whereas the phaser blast noises from the television series were derived from The War of the Worlds (1953), Burtt made his phaser sounds more like his blasters from Star Wars, because Abrams ' depiction of phasers were closer to the blasters ' bullet like fire,	,	PUNCT	rather	ADV	 rather
The coldest month is January with temperatures usually at 7° C (45° F). Rain is scarce and generally falls between November and March, with annual precipitation rates approximately at 4.57 inches (116 mm). According to Ottoman tax records in 1557,	,	PUNCT	Gaza	PROPN	 Gaza
" Quagmire " premiered on the Fox network in the United States on May 3, 1996. The episode earned a Nielsen rating of 10.2, with an 18 share, meaning that roughly 10.2 percent of all television equipped households, and 18 percent of households watching television	television	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
Deviations from common customs regarding gender were especially pronounced in the imperial family. The empress was able to give orders to her male relatives (even her father) and if they disobeyed her, she could publicly reprimand and humiliate them. Certain occupations were traditionally reserved for	for	ADP	women	NOUN	 women
Dr. Dre was the executive producer of Eminem ’ s 2002 release, The Eminem Show. He produced three songs on the album, one of which was released as a single, and he appeared in the award winning video for “ Without Me ”. He also	also	ADV	produced	VERB	 produced
French mycologist Pierre Bulliard described Boletus aereus in 1789. The species epithet is the Latin adjective aerěus, meaning " made with bronze or copper ". His countryman Lucien Quélet transferred the species to the now obsolete genus Dictyopus in 1886, which resulted in the synonym Dictyopus	Dictyopus	PROPN	aereus	NOUN	 aereus
In the Stockholm från Söders höjder (Stockholm from the heights of Söder) 1938, elements from Oriental art are present in the naked, branches of the trees and the red buoys looking like Chinese lanterns hanging in the trees. These paintings are defined by swift,	,	PUNCT	flowing	VERB	 flowing
Arriva runs bus services connecting Whitby to Scarborough and Middlesbrough. The nearest airport, about 45 miles (72 km) from Whitby, is Durham Tees Valley Airport, which has a regular service from Amsterdam, Schiphol airport. The town is served by Whitby railway station	station	NOUN	which	PRON	 which
Another highway, extending from Lind to Wilbur, became SSH 4B. In 1964, PSH 4 was split into SR 20 and SR 21 while SSH 2A and SSH 2B also became SR 21. In 1983, a road between Lind and Kahlotus became part of SR 21	21	NUM	.	PUNCT	.
The top layer is a soft fill taken from the grading projects that had leveled portions of Seattle's hills. To account for the soft soil, the complex sits on over 2,200 pilings driven 50 to 70 ft (15 to 21 m) below the ground to	to	PART	form	VERB	 form
The batting cage was destroyed; the bases were pulled up and stolen. Among those taking the field was 21 year old aspiring actor Michael Clarke Duncan; during the melee, Duncan slid into third base, had a silver belt buckle stolen, and went home with	with	ADP	a	DET	 a
Just as with mercury, the formation of a metal metal bond results in a diamagnetic compound in which there are no unpaired electrons; thus, making the species very reactive. Zinc (I) is known only in the gas phase, in such compounds as linear	linear	ADJ	Zn2Cl2	PROPN	 Zn2Cl2
It has been suggested that the immune reaction to the cancer cells suppresses their growth and improves the prognosis from the cancer. The diagnosis is usually made on electromyography (EMG), which is one of the standard tests in the investigation of otherwise unexplained muscle weakness.	.	PUNCT	This	PRON	 This
As an adult, Jackson used his fame and wealth to promote various causes. In 1985, he co wrote the charity single " We Are the World " with Lionel Richie, which was released worldwide to aid the poor in Africa and the US. The single	single	ADJ	became	VERB	 became
The question presented to the Court was whether the Connick test ought be applied to what the employer thought was said or what was actually said. The case revolved around a nurse dismissed for a conversation she had with a coworker. There was a discrepancy between what she	she	PRON	argued	VERB	 argued
She assisted her husband in both his unsuccessful 1960 presidential campaign and later in his successful 1968 presidential campaign. As First Lady, Pat Nixon promoted a number of charitable causes, including volunteerism. She oversaw the collection of more than 600 pieces of historic art and furnishings	furnishings	NOUN	for	ADP	 for
The brand new light cruiser HMS Arethusa had been crippled earlier in the battle and was under fire from the German light cruisers SMS Strassburg and SMS Cöln when Beatty's battlecruisers loomed out of the mist at 12: 37 p.m. By this time, New Zealand had fallen	fallen	VERB	behind	ADP	 behind
Back when I first started, at the very beginning, I was always trying to be old and grumpy and important — like you do, when you're young. And then I was you. And it was all dashing about and playing cricket and my voice	voice	NOUN	going	VERB	 going
The teams moved to Headingley for the Fourth Test at Leeds. Hutton had been recalled and the home team batted first. England tallied 496 and Miller took 1 / 43. In reply, Australia were struggling at 3 / 68 in reply on the third morning.	.	PUNCT	Neil	PROPN	 Neil
In 2001, Han was the founding President of the Sculpture Society (Singapore) and remains its Honorary President. She was the first artist in residence at the Society's Sculpture Pavilion at Fort Canning Park in 2009, where she worked on sculptures made from the trunks	trunks	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
Once the company greenlights a localization project, a period of brainstorming starts in which glossary, style, naming schemes and fonts are chosen. During the translation phase, voiced sections are translated first. Text files are cross checked by multiple translators and editors. The text	text	NOUN	is	AUX	 is
Koufax jammed his pitching arm in August while diving back to second base to beat a pick off throw. He managed to pitch and win two more games. However, the morning after his 19th win, a shutout in which he struck out 13 batters, he	he	PRON	could	AUX	 could
In the early 2000s, the Single Regeneration Budget of £15 million granted to Sleaford improved the town centre and funded development of the Hub (since 2011, the National Centre for Craft & Design) in the old Navigation wharves area. Sleaford is the principal market	market	NOUN	town	NOUN	 town
The " double slash " symbol in the game's logo was inspired by the Japanese dakuten mark, and the bad grammar of the phrase " Perfect Dark " alludes in some degree to Hollis ' affection for the way the Japanese use English words in their own games	games	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
It runs from U.S. Route 1 / 9 in Ridgefield east down the New Jersey Palisades to end at County Route 505 (River Road) at the Hudson River in Edgewater. The route is a two- to four lane undivided highway its entire length, passing mostly through	through	ADP	wooded	ADJ	 wooded
It will be available in 20 milligram and 50 milligram vials. Combination therapy experiments with sirolimus (rapamycin) and doxorubicin have shown promise in treating Akt positive lymphomas in mice. Recent animal research coupling a murine monoclonal antibody with doxorubicin has created an immunoconjugate that was able	able	ADJ	to	PART	 to
Tatum called a time out. On third down with one yard to go, Calame faked a handoff to Ging and executed an option run to the left. He pitched to Grigg and threw a block. Grigg was tackled at the goal line but managed to extend	extend	VERB	his	PRON	 his
The castle was originally approached from the south, via a bridge and 3.4 metre (11 ft) drawbridge, across a 15 metre (49 ft) wide ditch. In the 16th century, steps were built to access the Ruthven lodging from the west. The	The	DET	keep	NOUN	 keep
In April 1949, Northwest Airlines sued the Glenn L. Martin Company, manufacturers of the Martin 2 0 2, for $725,000. The lawsuit claimed that the company had sold the airline five defective aircraft, including the aircraft lost in Flight 421. Glenn Martin,	,	PUNCT	president	NOUN	 president
After a string of films in which she was cast to add glamour, Kaif appeared in Kabir Khan's terrorism drama New York (2009). Featuring John Abraham and Neil Nitin Mukesh in lead roles, the film tells the story of how three friends ' lives	lives	NOUN	are	AUX	 are
In October 1920, the battleship King George V arrived to replace Marlborough in the Mediterranean Fleet. Marlborough then returned to Devonport, where she was paid off for a major refit that took place between February 1921 and January 1922. During the refit, range dials were	were	AUX	installed	VERB	 installed
Originally there was a defensive ditch along the outside of the walls. The walls include several towers, not all of them dating from the medieval period; the semicircular tower near the gatehouse is a 19th century reconstruction. The walls and towers were used for the abbey	abbey	NOUN	's	PART	's
By the early 12th century, the amount of banknotes issued in a single year amounted to an annual rate of 26 million strings of cash coins. By the 1120s the central government officially stepped in and produced their own state issued paper money (using woodblock printing)	)	PUNCT	.	PUNCT	.
For lead guitar, the singer recruited Michael Bloomfield of the Paul Butterfield Blues Band. The musicians began the June 15 session by recording a fast version of " It Takes a Lot to Laugh, It Takes a Train to Cry " and the song " Sitting on	on	ADP	a	DET	 a
She voiced Heather, a Virginia opossum, in the animated film Over the Hedge in 2006. That same year, she made her on screen feature film debut in Fast Food Nation. In 2008, Lavigne introduced her clothing line, Abbey Dawn, and in 2009	2009	NUM	she	PRON	 she
On 1 June 1873, the third division of Sarawak (present day Sibu Division) was created under Brooke administration. The division was later named after the native rambutan fruit which can be found abundantly at the region. Rambutan is known as " Buah Sibau " in	in	ADP	the	DET	 the
(The plotting in Will Schuester ’ s love life is the one place where the show attempts to have even a modicum of continuity, for whatever reason.) Anyway, Carl is necessarily upset about this, and he ’ s also upset when Holly Holliday gets	gets	VERB	Emma	PROPN	 Emma
Following the completion of Literary Hall in 1870, the Clinton Lodge Masons regularly utilized the first floor of the building as a meeting space, while the Romney Literary Society maintained its use of the second floor as a library. Between its various periods of dormancy, the	the	DET	Clinton	PROPN	 Clinton
At the junction with CR 5, here named North Main Street but known as Moira – St. Regis Falls Road north of Adirondack Park, the highway turns south to follow South Main Street out of the community. NY 458 continues southeast through Waverly to the hamlet known	known	VERB	as	ADP	 as
Following his apprenticeship he opened a print shop with a partner in Boston, but a few years later opened his own business in Charlestown. In 1807 he was elected as a member of the Ancient and Honorable Artillery Company of Massachusetts. He was elected as the first	first	ADJ	sergeant	NOUN	 sergeant
A writer from Fact wrote that the song " build [s] from Robyn style melodrama into fist pumping stadium fare ". Since its release, the song has received widespread critical acclaim. Eve Barlow from NME claimed that it was " worth the 12 year wait	wait	NOUN	"	PUNCT	 "
The applicant has the initial burden of showing that he or she has a prima facie case that should be considered by the Court. Once this has been done, it is for the executive to justify the legality of the detention. One commentator has said that the	the	DET	applicant	NOUN	 applicant
He claimed that the circle of stars was based on the iconographic tradition of showing the Blessed Virgin Mary as the Woman of the Apocalypse, wearing a " crown of twelve stars ". The French satirical magazine Le Canard enchaîné reacted to Heitz's statement with an article	article	NOUN	entitled	VERB	 entitled
In January 2009 the remains of a seat from the air tractor were found in rocks near the hut, about 200 metres (660 ft) from where the team believes the frame to be buried. On 1 January 2010, a day of unusually low tide,	,	PUNCT	4	NUM	 4
Dreaming of You helped Selena to become the first solo artist to debut a posthumous album at number one. The recording was among the top ten best selling debuts for a musician, and was the best selling debut by a female act. Dreaming of You joined five	five	NUM	of	ADP	 of
In the Shiva Purana, the Bhagavata Purana, and the Vishnu Purana, the rakshasa disguises himself as a Brahmin cook and gains entry to the king's kitchen. When Vashishtha arrives in Ayodhya on the king's invitation for a Shraddha ceremony, or simply dinner,	,	PUNCT	the	DET	 the
For the session, various members of the Goodtimers have been mentioned, including guitarist Ronald Alonzo Miller (also suggested as the bassist), backup singer George " King " Clemons, bassist Horace " Ace " Hall, drummer Bernard Purdie, guitarist Bob Bushnell, guitarist	guitarist	VERB	Jimmy	PROPN	 Jimmy
The airmen drew up a " great circle " (shortest distance on the surface of a globe) flight plan that used the jet stream as a tailwind to help them get farther with less fuel, though the tailwind was not absolutely required. The plan was for	for	SCONJ	each	DET	 each
Following Mao's death in 1976, a power struggle between CPC General Secretary Hua Guofeng and Deng Xiaoping erupted. Deng won the struggle, and became the " paramount leader ". Deng, alongside Chen Yun and Li Xiannian, spearheaded the Reform and opening policy,	,	PUNCT	and	CCONJ	 and
The majority of modern Bengal is inhabited by Bengali people who speak the Bengali language. The early Sultans of Bengal ruled until 1282 which was followed by the rule of several successive dynasties. Ilyas Shah founder of the Ilyas Shahi dynasty, took complete charge of the then	then	ADV	Bengal	PROPN	 Bengal
Large German immigrant populations in Newark and Jersey City led to the establishment of a healthy brewing industry in the 19th and early 20th centuries. Brewing beer became the fourth largest industry in Newark, with names like Kruger, Hensler, and Feigenspan among the leading industrial families	families	NOUN	in	ADP	 in
Chair Heflin was upset by the leaks and two investigations into them were held, one by the General Accounting Office acting on behalf of the committee and one by the Senate's Temporary Special Independent Counsel. Neither report reached a conclusive finding or directly implicated anyone in the	the	DET	leaks	NOUN	 leaks
As well, ordinary middle class Dutch people began buying art for the first time, creating a high demand for paintings of all kinds. This demand was met by enormous painter guilds. Master painters set up studios to produce large numbers of paintings quickly. Under the	the	DET	master	NOUN	 master
As one prophecy writer put it, " The holocaust of atomic war would fulfill the prophecies. " Criticisms of New World Order conspiracy theorists also come from within their own community. Despite believing themselves to be " freedom fighters ", many right wing populist conspiracy theorists	theorists	NOUN	hold	VERB	 hold
The epilogue details that further information about the two can be found in the (now lost) work Káruljóð. In the prose introduction to the poem Sigrdrífumál, the hero Sigurd rides up to Hindarfell and heads south towards " the land of the Franks ". On	On	ADP	the	DET	 the
In the fall of 1914, Sledd resigned the presidency of Southern University and returned to Emory College, by then renamed Emory University and relocated to its new main campus in northeast Atlanta, as the first Professor of Greek and New Testament Literature at the Candler School of	of	ADP	Theology	PROPN	 Theology
Writer Darin Morgan had pieces of the script for a long time, drawing inspiration from research he had done on hypnosis and a book on government coverups and UFOs that theorized that UFOs are a phenomenon that manipulate space and time, but are not piloted by aliens.	.	PUNCT	Morgan	PROPN	 Morgan
The derogatory allusions to Cibber in consecutive versions of Pope's mock heroic Dunciad, from 1728 to 1743, became more elaborate as the conflict between the two men escalated, until, in the final version of the poem, Pope crowned Cibber King of Dunces. From	From	ADP	being	AUX	 being
Members of the 8th Infantry Regiment of the 4th Infantry Division were the first to land, arriving at 06: 30. Their landing craft were pushed to the south by strong currents, and they found themselves about 2,000 yards (1.8 km) from their intended landing	landing	NOUN	zone	NOUN	 zone
On the other hand, Stephen protected the Archbishop of Esztergom's rights against the conditional nobles of the archbishopric who attempted to get rid of their obligations. Ban Joachim Gutkeled kidnapped Stephen's ten year old son and heir, Ladislaus and imprisoned him in the castle of	of	ADP	Koprivnica	PROPN	 Koprivnica
" She received nominations for a Golden Globe Award and a Screen Actors Guild Award. Jolie also played a shape shifting seductress, Grendel's mother, in the epic Beowulf (2007), created through motion capture. The film was critically and commercially well received,	,	PUNCT	taking	VERB	 taking
In the end there was no time for interrogations, as Soviet forces were advancing into the area. SS Hauptsturmfuhrer Friedrich Warzok, the new camp commandant, rounded up the remaining prisoners and transported them to Przemyśl, 135 miles (217 km) west of Lvov,	,	PUNCT	where	SCONJ	 where
The first single from the album is " Bandz a Make Her Dance ", which was released on September 11, 2012. The single version features 2 Chainz and Lil Wayne. It was created in a hotel room in Washington, D.C.. The song has peaked	peaked	VERB	at	ADP	 at
They proceeded to confiscate, nationalize and redistribute private and state owned Polish property. In the process, they banned political parties and public associations and imprisoned or executed their leaders as " enemies of the people ". In line with Soviet anti religious policy, churches and	and	CCONJ	religious	ADJ	 religious
The Liber Eliensis names Hereswith, the sister of Hild, abbess of Whitby, as Anna's wife and the mother of Sæthryth, Seaxburh of Ely and Æthelthryth. However, the Liber Eliensis is regarded with caution by historians: Rosalind Love says that the mediaeval writers	writers	NOUN	who	PRON	 who
The company's purpose was to mine and manufacture iron and other metals, with the stated purpose of supplying railroads. Also at this time, Halliday, Hurd, Safford, and others served on the transportation committee of the Illinois Central Railroad. During the Civil War	War	PROPN	Halliday	PROPN	 Halliday
He also in 1867 made modifications to the design of the copper nickel five cent piece, or nickel as it was coming to be known. In 1865, Longacre engaged British born engraver William Barber as assistant; William H. Key was also made an assistant in 1864	1864	NUM	and	CCONJ	 and
The next week, it fell to number 15 and sold an additional 16,752 copies. It stayed on the chart's top 100 for total of eight weeks. The song debuted at number 54 on the Billboard Hot 100, and peaked at number 10, making Overexposed	Overexposed	PROPN	Maroon	PROPN	 Maroon
Gibson was committed to Transformers: Dark of the Moon at the time he signed on to Fast Five, so he flew between Puerto Rico and Atlanta to accommodate both films. Chris Bridges as Tej Parker Brian's and Roman's friend from Miami. Ludacris confirmed his	his	PRON	involvement	NOUN	 involvement
She continued to serve throughout the Napoleonic Wars and on 29 November 1811, she led a British squadron that captured a French military convoy bound for Trieste, and in doing so, possibly changed the course of the war. In 1814 she was converted to a troopship	troopship	NOUN	and	CCONJ	 and
To resolve the dispute, they relied on a legend that venomous animals would thrive in Caithness but die in Orkney. Some venomous snakes were duly imported to Stroma and survived there, " proving " that the island did in fact belong to Caithness and not Orkney.	.	PUNCT	It	PRON	 It
This version, RM1 (Remix in Mono # 1) of Take 20, runs to 10 minutes 46 seconds (at the correct speed) and was created at the end of the 4 June session, with a copy taken away by Lennon. It was an	an	DET	attempt	NOUN	 attempt
It was followed by " A Little Bit ", which failed to chart in the US, but reached a peak position of number sixty two in Australia. Simpson performed songs from Irresistible on a number of occasions. In 2001 she embarked on her first headlining tour	tour	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
It revived interest in the bolero genre and was the first record by a Spanish speaking artist to be certified gold in Brazil, Taiwan, and the United States. In spite of Romance's success, Miguel did not want to release an immediate follow up to the	the	DET	album	NOUN	 album
The player assumes the role of Kotarou Tennouji, the protagonist of Rewrite. He is a second year high school student who has a bright personality and is sociable to others. Kotarou is a superhuman with two powers called Rewrite and Aurora. Rewrite enables him to permanently	permanently	ADV	restructure	VERB	 restructure
Steiger also performed on Joni Mitchell's 1985 album Dog Eat Dog, where he provided the voice of an evangelist in the song " Tax Free ". Steiger appeared in the Argentine American film Catch the Heat (1987), a martial arts picture about a Brazilian	Brazilian	ADJ	drug	NOUN	 drug
With Steve Cooke, he argues that it is theoretically acceptable — drawing upon Simon Caney's account of just war — for states to go to war to protect nonhuman animals. Nonetheless, the pair argue that it will almost never be acceptable in practice. Cochrane is	is	AUX	critical	ADJ	 critical
In the spring of 1863, Lincoln was optimistic about upcoming military campaigns to the point of thinking the end of the war could be near if a string of victories could be put together; these plans included Hooker's attack on Lee north of Richmond, Rosecrans '	'	PUNCT	on	ADP	 on
He then accompanied Richard to Sicily as the king began the Third Crusade, but events in England prompted Richard to send the archbishop back to England to mediate between William Longchamp, the justiciar whom Richard had left in charge of the kingdom, and Prince John, Richard	Richard	PROPN	's	PART	's
" Lavigne's second album, Under My Skin, had deeper personal themes underlying each song, saying that " I've gone through so much, so that's what I talk about... Like boys, like dating or relationships ". In contrast, her third	third	ADJ	album	NOUN	 album
I have worked too hard and I am tired. I will go rest then. " He and his family were sent into exile in Europe on 17 November. Teresa Cristina died three weeks after their arrival in Europe, and Isabel and her family moved to another	another	DET	place	NOUN	 place
It is the only bridge in Western Australia to have spanned both a waterway and railway, the Clackline Brook and the former Eastern Railway alignment. The mainly timber bridge has a unique curved and sloped design, due to the difficult topography and the route of the former	former	ADJ	railway	NOUN	 railway
Two series, both written by Steven Moffat, were broadcast on BBC1 in 1997. Like Moffat's earlier sitcom Joking Apart, Chalk was produced by Andre Ptaszynski for Pola Jones. The series focuses upon deputy headteacher Eric Slatt (David Bamber), permanently stressed over	over	ADP	the	DET	 the
This stone has two petrosomatoglyphs on it, the prints of two right feet, said to be of Saint Columba. In the 11th century Arran became part of the Sodor (Old Norse: ' Suðr eyjar '), or South Isles of the Kingdom of Mann	Mann	PROPN	and	CCONJ	 and
Thereafter, Anonymus continued, the Magyar army marched towards the Timiș and " encamped beside the ford of Foeni " where they wanted to cross the river. However, Glad and his large army awaited them on the other bank. A day later, Zovárd " enjoined	enjoined	VERB	his	PRON	 his
The Chiefs of Staff Committee supported the decision. A directorate of Tube Alloys was established as part of Appleton's Department of Scientific and Industrial Research, and Wallace Akers, the research director of Imperial Chemical Industries (ICI), was chosen as its head. Anderson	Anderson	PROPN	and	CCONJ	 and
The Countryside Act 1968 provided a framework for such action, and a visit in 1971 to see the work being done on the Monmouthshire and Brecon Canal as part of the creation of the Brecon Beacons National Park convinced the Council of the wisdom of such a course of	of	ADP	action	NOUN	 action
The findings were never made public. In 1974 the commission was reopened and issued a supplementary report, which remained classified for 25 years until published by the magazine India Today. The report said that 26,000 people were killed, rapes numbered in the hundreds, and that	that	SCONJ	the	DET	 the
A newsletter circulated a week after the battle reported that 28,000 died on the battlefield. Contemporary accounts described Henry VI as peaceful and pious, not suited for the violent dynastic civil wars, such as the War of the Roses. He had periods of insanity while his	his	PRON	inherent	ADJ	 inherent
Morgan told Carter that the two of them would rejoin, but only for four episodes, and only if they could use members from the cast of Space: Above and Beyond, so that " the world can finally see them ". Carter accepted this condition,	,	PUNCT	and	CCONJ	 and
The IAU further decided that bodies that, like Pluto, meet criteria 1 and 2 but do not meet criterion 3 would be called dwarf planets. On September 13, 2006, the IAU included Pluto, and Eris and its moon Dysnomia, in their Minor Planet	Planet	PROPN	Catalogue	PROPN	 Catalogue
They ambush Owen and throw him into the pool. Jimmy says that if Owen can hold his breath underwater for three minutes, he will only be cut on the cheek, otherwise Jimmy will poke out one of Owen's eyes. Owen is forced underwater by Jimmy	Jimmy	PROPN	.	PUNCT	.
Felton made an appearance in the episode " Hide and Seek " of Second Sight 2 followed in 2000. The Guildford Cathedral Choir also offered him a position. By autumn 2001, Felton had become known internationally for his portrayal of Draco Malfoy, the bully, enemy	enemy	NOUN	and	CCONJ	 and
Although the second and third generation are by and large quite nice people from what I saw, they still live under the influence of their Gramps. " Apart from their protests, Theroux found them to be quite kind, and commented, " It shows you what	what	DET	strange	ADJ	 strange
At first, such analogies were used in reverse to help explain electrical phenomena in familiar mechanical terms. James Clerk Maxwell introduced analogies of this sort in the 19th century. However, as electrical network analysis matured it was found that certain mechanical problems could more easily be	be	AUX	solved	VERB	 solved
On 21 April, the Grand Fleet conducted a demonstration off Horns Reef to distract the Germans while the Russian Navy relaid its defensive minefields in the Baltic Sea. The fleet returned to Scapa Flow on 24 April and refuelled before proceeding south in response to intelligence reports that	that	SCONJ	the	DET	 the
Breed's Hill, at a height of 62 feet (19 m), was more southerly and nearer to Boston. The town of Charlestown occupied flats at the southern end of the peninsula. At its closest approach, less than 1,000 feet (305 m)	)	PUNCT	separated	VERB	 separated
Carter's use of continuous takes in " Triangle " was modeled on Hitchcock's Rope. In addition, episodes written by Darin Morgan often referred to or referenced other films. Duchovny had worked in Los Angeles for three years prior to The X Files; at first	first	ADV	he	PRON	 he
Real life crime series Cops, Crime 360, and The First 48 regularly film in Cleveland and other U.S. cities. Hot in Cleveland, a comedy airing on TV Land, premiered on June 16, 2010. The American modernist poet Hart Crane was born in nearby	nearby	ADJ	Garrettsville	PROPN	 Garrettsville
At full power, Three Gorges reduces coal consumption by 31 million tonnes per year, avoiding 100 million tonnes of greenhouse gas emissions, millions of tonnes of dust, one million tonnes of sulfur dioxide, 370,000 tonnes of nitric oxide, 10,000 tonnes of carbon monoxide,	,	PUNCT	and	CCONJ	 and
He eventually won the punt return job as well as the third cornerback job beating out C. J. Wilson and Sherrod Martin for the job by the end of September. On November 30, Munnerlyn suffered a concussion against the New York Jets but said days later that he	he	PRON	planned	VERB	 planned
Shuey played for the Dodgers through the end of the 2003 season. During spring training prior to the 2004 season, he tore a ligament in his thumb and reinjured his hip while fielding a bunt during his rehabilitation. Shuey spent the entire season on the disabled list	list	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
Barr's candidacy was criticized by Libertarians who opposed his efforts in Congress, which included a vote in favor of the USA PATRIOT Act and authorization of the War in Iraq, but he was supported by others who accepted his regret for the votes. Barr won the	the	DET	party	NOUN	 party
In 1856, Helm married Emilie Todd, a half sister of Mary Todd Lincoln. In 1860, he was appointed assistant inspector general of the Kentucky State Guard, which he was active in organizing. Kentucky remained officially neutral in the American Civil War, but his	his	PRON	brother	NOUN	 brother
Established around 1713, the Kinne Cemetery is one of eighteen family cemeteries in Griswold. It rests upon the land of Joseph Kinne, who came to Griswold from Salem, Massachusetts in 1704 and includes the land of Thomas Kinne, also came from Salem in 1714.	.	PUNCT	The	DET	 The
It underwent several construction phases from in the Late to Terminal Classic. The pyramid was topped by a three room temple that possessed a tall stucco covered roof comb. A patolli game board was carved into the floor of the outermost room of the temple. Structure 8	8	NUM	(	PUNCT	 (
In the 1930s the Whiggish view of the English economy was challenged by a group of scholars at the University of Cambridge, led by Eileen Power. Power and her colleagues widened the focus of study from legal and government documents to include " agrarian, archaeological, demographic	demographic	ADJ	,	PUNCT	,
In any case, it is known that Baybars issued a diploma confirming Isa as amir al ʿarab and recognizing his iqtaʿat (fiefs) in 1260 / 61. Among his iqta ' at were half of Salamiyah, which was separated from the iqtaʿ of Hama, and	and	CCONJ	Sarmin	PROPN	 Sarmin
This campaign included shops in nearby Ballinrobe refusing to serve him, and the withdrawal of services. Some were threatened with violence to ensure compliance. The campaign against Boycott became a cause célèbre in the British press after he wrote a letter to The Times. Newspapers sent	sent	VERB	correspondents	NOUN	 correspondents
The new Mint director, George Roberts, who had replaced Andrew, initially favored a design featuring assassinated President Abraham Lincoln, but Fraser soon developed a design featuring a Native American on one side and a bison on the other. Andrew and Roberts recommended Fraser to MacVeagh	MacVeagh	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
The Col de la Croix de Fer was the highest point reached in the Alps in the 2012 Tour, so the leader across the summit would win the Souvenir Henri Desgrange. The finish was a first category climb of 18 km (11.2 mi) at an average	average	ADJ	gradient	NOUN	 gradient
An incident took place during the 1941 Harvard – Navy lacrosse game, when the Harvard Crimson men's lacrosse team attempted to field a player of African American descent. The Navy Midshipmen men's lacrosse team's coach then refused to field his team. Harvard's athletic	athletic	ADJ	director	NOUN	 director
Miller dropped Hutton from Lindwall's bowling before he had scored and played and missed multiple times. Hutton and Washbrook took the score to 42, England's highest opening partnership of the series thus far, before Hutton edged Lindwall to Johnson and was out for 13.	.	PUNCT	Edrich	PROPN	 Edrich
The Formula One Constructors ' Association (FOCA) was created in 1974 by Ecclestone, Colin Chapman, Teddy Mayer, Mosley, Ken Tyrrell and Frank Williams. FOCA would represent the commercial interests of the teams at meetings with the Fédération Internationale du Sport Automobile (FISA	FISA	PROPN	)	PUNCT	)
After enrolling into Magic University, her twin sisters, Kasumi and Izumi Saegusa, enroll into First High. LN 12.6 Mayumi is voiced by Kana Hanazawa. Two people worked alongside Mayumi during the year. The first is Mari Watanabe who is the leader of the Disciplinary	Disciplinary	PROPN	Committee	PROPN	 Committee
Benjamin Ryan Tillman was born on August 11, 1847, on the family plantation " Chester ", near Trenton, in the Edgefield District, sometimes considered part of upcountry South Carolina. His parents, Benjamin Ryan Tillman, Sr. and the former Sophia Hancock,	,	PUNCT	were	AUX	 were
The Air Force remained fully committed to finding and bringing back every downed air man, regardless of the cost. Air crew's morale depended on it. Search and rescue was based on the premise that it was necessary " to secure the safety of pilots as valuable	valuable	ADJ	military	ADJ	 military
The Sea King was also adapted to meet the Royal Navy's requirement for a ship based airborne early warning platform. As of 2014, the WS 61 Sea King remains in operation in Britain, as well as several export customers: Germany, Norway, Egypt and	and	CCONJ	India	PROPN	 India
SFX journalist Ian Berriman echoed analogous sentiments, inevitably issuing " 18 Miles Out " a four and a half star rating. He called it the season's best episode, and wrote that it was filled with " action, explosive arguments, [and] difficult decisions	decisions	NOUN	"	PUNCT	 "
The next year, Letcher was re elected to the post without opposition. The Whigs ' state nominating convention was held in Harrodsburg on August 26, 1839. Four candidates were initially put forward for the office of governor, but two withdrew from consideration, leaving the	the	DET	contest	NOUN	 contest
Saskatoon, Saskatchewan's Dave Geary and Vancouver, BC's Rand Holmes were key figures, Holmes being the creator of the Harold Hedd comic strip. Humour magazine Fuddle Duddle, named after a famous euphemism by then Prime Minister Pierre Trudeau, was a short lived attempt	attempt	NOUN	at	ADP	 at
Others came under the influence of Renaissance humanism, turning towards secular narrative cycles, as biblical imagery was blended with mythological themes. A full break from the mid 15th century style and subject matter was not seen until the development of Northern Mannerism around 1590. There was	was	VERB	considerable	ADJ	 considerable
It can be used, for example, to trace the flow of gases within the lungs. Because xenon is soluble in water and also in hydrophobic solvents, it can be used to image various soft living tissues. Because of the xenon atom's large, flexible	flexible	ADJ	outer	ADJ	 outer
This can take place anywhere from fifteen to hundreds of kilometers (ten to a few hundred miles) outside the inner eye. The storm then develops two concentric eyewalls, or an " eye within an eye ". In most cases, the outer eyewall begins to	to	PART	contract	VERB	 contract
No summary can do it justice. " The Observer ' s Paris correspondent, Jason Burke, praised the book as an " extraordinary Holocaust novel asks what it is that turns normal people into mass killers, " adding that " notwithstanding the controversial subject matter, this	this	PRON	is	AUX	 is
Operation Olympic was to be followed in March 1946 by Operation Coronet, the capture of the Kantō Plain, near Tokyo on the main Japanese island of Honshū by the U.S. First, Eighth and Tenth Armies, as well as a Commonwealth Corps made up of Australian,	,	PUNCT	British	ADJ	 British
" From this Pächt views the perspective as deliberately lacking cohesion, as " the relationship between the parts of the building is not shown in full... The transition from foreground to background is ingeniously masked by the figure of the Madonna herself, who obscures the crossing pier	pier	NOUN	;	PUNCT	;
On June 6, federal judge Richard Paul Matsch ruled the documents would not prove McVeigh innocent and ordered the execution to proceed. After President George W. Bush approved the execution (McVeigh was a federal inmate and federal law dictates that the President must approve the execution of	of	ADP	federal	ADJ	 federal
The Guests ' Hall and its adjoining Porch Room occupy the space above the entrance to the courtyard and the Gatehouse. They can be accessed either through a doorway from the adjacent Prayer Room or via a staircase at the south end of the courtyard leading to the Long	Long	PROPN	Gallery	PROPN	 Gallery
In April 2012, in the midst of a debate about the nature of political party funding, Miliband called on David Cameron to institute a £5,000 cap on donations from individuals and organisations to political parties, after it had been suggested that the government favoured a cap	cap	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
The CIWS emplacements were part of the upgrades that Protecteur received before deploying to the Persian Gulf region. Her former 3 " / 50 guns were temporarily fitted, together with two Bofors 40 mm guns, six 0.5 inch (12.7 mm) machine guns, as well	well	ADV	as	ADP	 as
The tunnel runs between Asker Station and Solstad and was built as part of the first stage of the Asker Line, between Asker and Sandvika. Construction started in February 2002 and the tunnel opened on 27 August 2005. The tunnel was built by Mika for the Norwegian	Norwegian	PROPN	National	PROPN	 National
The ability to analyze general linear models was also added as was the FORMAT procedure, which allowed developers to customize the appearance of data. In 1979, SAS 79 added support for the CMS operating system and introduced the DATASETS procedure. Three years later, SAS 82	82	NUM	introduced	VERB	 introduced
Army Group B was commanded by Fedor von Bock. It was allocated 26 infantry and three Panzer divisions for the invasion of the Netherlands and Belgium. Of the three Panzer Divisions, the 3rd and 4th were to operate in Belgium under the command of the 6th Army	Army	PROPN	's	PART	's
They go to Corky's apartment and have sex. The next morning, Violet tells Corky that Caesar is a money launderer for the Mafia and they have been together for five years. Later, Violet overhears Caesar and his Mafia associates beating and torturing Shelly (Barry	Barry	PROPN	Kivel	PROPN	 Kivel
It's easy for me to match my voice. And then if I'm going to use other background singers, I'll let them go on top of mine. " Always Be My Baby " is a ballad, which incorporates pop and contemporary R & B	B	PROPN	genres	NOUN	 genres
Likewise, if a non player character is visible on the screen, they can be tapped to initiate a conversation. Initiating a conversation or investigating an object in the main game will often lead to the player being asked to solve a puzzle. If the plot progresses	progresses	VERB	to	ADP	 to
" Suraya Attas from The Straits Times described Carey's voice as husky, and felt it " exploited her vocal range to the fullest. " In 2003, The Daily Record named " Anytime You Need a Friend " one of the " World's Greatest First Dance	Dance	PROPN	Songs	PROPN	 Songs
At the exit for Route 34, I 195 ends and Route 138 begins, but the highway and exit numbering continue onto Route 138, marking the interchange with the Garden State Parkway as Exit 36. Past this interchange, Route 138 continues east to Belmar on the	the	DET	Jersey	PROPN	 Jersey
The creek was named because " a white deer is said to have been killed at an early day in a low hole or pond of water that once existed where my father built his mill ". The hole was " a large circular basin of low ground of	of	ADP	some	DET	 some
Meanwhile, news producer Alan J. Weiss from WABC TV had been waiting to be treated in the emergency room at Roosevelt Hospital due to having been involved in an accident earlier that evening while riding his motorcycle. Weiss recalled in an interview for the CNN series Crimes of	of	ADP	the	DET	 the
It is the third installment in The Elder Scrolls series of games, following The Elder Scrolls II: Daggerfall, and preceding The Elder Scrolls IV: Oblivion. It was released in North America in 2002 for Microsoft Windows and the Xbox. Well received publicly and critically	critically	ADV	,	PUNCT	,
Jane, Dinah's aunt, shares her name with LeGrow's sister. Edaniel takes his name from the name Daniel in a middle school yearbook which LeGrow picked at random; she noted that the editors let her keep him in the story although he appeared a risky	risky	ADJ	character	NOUN	 character
The cricket writer Ray Robinson said of Trumble: " El Greco, with his lengthening touch would have liked to draw Trumble. Hugh's lantern shaped head set on a column of a neck would have given the Spaniard a halfway start. " English cricketer and author	author	NOUN	Plum	PROPN	 Plum
Most of the Kardashian sisters ' significant others have appeared on the reality series. Kim's relationship with football player Reggie Bush was featured on the show when they were dating; after the breakup, Bush commented on appearing on the show saying that he never felt comfortable	comfortable	ADJ	being	AUX	 being
Guests at the party included Adolf Hitler, party chairman Martin Borman, Hitler's deputy and Commander in Chief of the Luftwaffe, Hermann Göring, head of the SS, Heinrich Himmler and Reich Minister of Propaganda Joseph Goebbels. After impressing with a display of piano play	play	NOUN	for	ADP	 for
Following MacArthur's directive to secure the airfields at Lae and Finschhafen, the Commander in Chief Allied Forces, South West Pacific Area, General Thomas Blamey, an Australian, ordered the capture of the Huon Peninsula. The 9th Division under Major General George Wootten was tasked	tasked	VERB	with	ADP	 with
Beyond NY 29's eastern terminus at Greenwich Junction, Route 22 heads eastward again through 18 miles (29 km) of countryside until, just before reaching Granville, it comes within 0.5 miles (800 m) of the state line, the closest it has come	come	VERB	to	ADP	 to
About us ran and skipped, appeared and disappeared, round this tree and that, the conscientious wielder of a cinema. The thing got more and more on the Prince's nerves until the irritation was irrepressible, and he turned to me and said with a sort	sort	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
When Cornwallis reached Hanover Court House he stopped the chase, and instead detached Tarleton and John Graves Simcoe on two separate raiding expeditions. Tarleton he sent to raid Charlottesville, where the Virginia legislature was meeting, while he sent Simcoe to Point of Fork, where Baron	Baron	PROPN	von	PROPN	 von
The band performed the song eight days ahead of its release at a secret show held at the Echoplex on August 6, 2012. BBC Radio 1 presenter Zane Lowe played the censored version of " Kill the DJ " on August 13, 2012. The next day	day	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
The scandal started during a house party in September 1890, when Sir William Gordon Cumming, a decorated lieutenant colonel in the Scots Guards, was accused of cheating at baccarat. Edward had been invited to stay at Tranby Croft, Yorkshire, the home of Arthur Wilson	Wilson	PROPN	and	CCONJ	 and
During the interwar period, a sorcerer named Chem Keo claimed to be Long's reincarnation. During World War II, Huỳnh Phú Sổ claimed to be a living Buddha and quickly gathered more than a million supporters. He raised a large peasant army and battled both the	the	DET	French	PROPN	 French
After his behaviour had featured in Osborne's initial dispatch, Smith challenged his account and Osborne demanded a court martial held to investigate. This panel decided that Smith's behaviour was unacceptable and he was dismissed from the Navy, by which time he had lost Diomede,	,	PUNCT	wrecked	VERB	 wrecked
The lower station is located beside an OHSU facility in the South Waterfront neighborhood, adjacent to a stop on the Portland Streetcar line, which connects the South Waterfront neighborhood with downtown Portland. The upper station is located adjacent to OHSU Hospital, on the university's Marquam	Marquam	PROPN	Hill	PROPN	 Hill
While preparing, Young expressed his pleasure in the fact that the producers decided to keep Victor's robotic parts internal, as opposed to the comic version, where half of Cyborg's visible body is covered in metal. According to Gough, Justin Hartley was the producers	producers	NOUN	'	PART	 '
Leasing companies and financial intermediaries may also receive loans from the IFC. Though loans have traditionally been denominated in hard currencies, the IFC has endeavored to structure loan products in local currencies. Its disbursement portfolio included loans denominated in 25 local currencies in 2010, and 45	45	NUM	local	ADJ	 local
Later that same year, Walsh criticised the Cameron government again, suggesting that the London Olympics ought to have been followed up with greater infrastructure spending to tackle unemployment. In May 2013, Walsh announced that he would be stepping down as the chief of Diageo in September	September	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
He promised to withhold fire if the town swore an oath of allegiance to King George. They must also surrender all their small arms and powder, along with their gun carriages. In response, the people of Falmouth began to move out of the town. No	No	DET	oaths	NOUN	 oaths
As the war in Europe escalated, Kingsbury and Avery made up their minds to enlist. Despite his parents ' disapproval, Kingsbury signed up to the Australian Imperial Force on 29 May 1940. Kingsbury was originally assigned to the 2 / 2nd Pioneer Battalion, but requested	requested	VERB	a	DET	 a
I always want to go one way, and George goes another way, but we each took turns trading off, giving and taking. George tends to be very action oriented and he cuts dialogue quite tight; I tend to cut looser, and go for more	more	ADV	lyrical	ADJ	 lyrical
The earthquake was initially measured at 6.0 on the moment magnitude scale, although later analysis suggests a slightly lower value of 5.8. The epicenter was near the village of Gavarzin in central Qeshm, and a hypocentral depth of 10 kilometers (6 mi) was estimated.	.	PUNCT	The	DET	 The
The first portion of MD 528 to be expanded to a divided highway was around the intersection with MD 90; the highway between 60th and 63rd Streets was reconstructed by 1978. Two sections of six lane divided highway were completed around 1989: from 25th Street to 65th	65th	ADJ	Street	PROPN	 Street
While supernatural and urban legends inspired many episodes, some storyline aspects were influenced by popular culture. The inspiration for the wendigo's appearance in " Wendigo " came from the creature featured in the music video for the Aphex Twin song " Come to Daddy ". Human	Human	ADJ	features	NOUN	 features
The radioisotope iridium 192 is one of the two most important sources of energy for use in industrial γ radiography for non destructive testing of metals. Additionally, 192Ir is used as a source of gamma radiation for the treatment of cancer using brachytherapy, a form of radiotherapy	radiotherapy	NOUN	where	SCONJ	 where
If you recycle even your own sets, and use them again, that's going to save money. You don't have to buy new lumber. So there are cost savings, absolutely. " Additionally, the production team aims to reduce vehicle idling, which	which	PRON	decreases	VERB	 decreases
" Lifesong " ranked at number twelve on the 2005 year end Hot Christian Songs and Hot Christian AC charts and at number nineteen on the 2005 year end Radio & Records Christian AC chart. It ranked at number sixteen on the 2006 year end Hot Christian Songs chart	chart	NOUN	and	CCONJ	 and
Chandler, who went on to win the governorship, had promised that he would not need to raise taxes to meet the state's financial obligations, but, ultimately, he did so. This damaged Chandler's credibility and left Combs looking courageous and honest in the	the	DET	eyes	NOUN	 eyes
These monks allegedly translated the Sutra of Forty two Chapters from Sanskrit into Chinese, although it is now proven that this text was not translated into Chinese until the 2nd century CE. Besides his divorcing Guo Shengtong in 41 CE to install his original wife Empress Yin Lihua	Lihua	PROPN	as	ADP	 as
Hutton contributed few runs, but Cowdrey and Peter May made large scores and Tyson took seven wickets as Australia were bowled out for 111 in their second innings, giving England a 128 run victory. The fourth Test was crucial, and Hutton's innings of 80 runs	runs	NOUN	in	ADP	 in
Arjona commented that he was happy about collaborating with Moreno, stating that " we had the possibilites to record this song with very well known people, but the possibilities of doing it with her, for me, is a celebration. " He further said that Moreno	Moreno	PROPN	was	AUX	 was
The mushroom is also used as a food source by several species of mushroom flies, as well as other insects and their larvae. An unidentified species of virus was reported to have infected specimens found in the Netherlands and in Italy; fruit bodies affected by the virus	virus	NOUN	had	VERB	 had
In the Yellow Submarine film, the song appears during a scene when the submarine carrying the Beatles travels through the Sea of Science, one of the seven seas around Pepperland. Referring to the psychedelic imagery in the animation, author Stephen Glynn considers that this segment "	"	PUNCT	only	ADV	 only
The soldiers ' weapons were taken away for examination and, the following day, the soldiers themselves were interviewed at length by the police at the regiment's base in Hereford. There was controversy over the deaths of two terrorists in the telex room, where the male	male	ADJ	hostages	NOUN	 hostages
The Earl Marischal, as Marischal of Scotland, had formal responsibility for the honours, and in June the Privy Council duly decided to place them at Dunnottar. They were brought to the castle by Katherine Drummond, hidden in sacks of wool. Sir George Ogilvie (	(	PUNCT	or	CCONJ	or
The government of Bosnia and Herzegovina issued its approval for the route in Bihać region in the same year. Construction of the motorway was initiated by a fundraising effort — a public loan. The funds gathered initially through the public loan were sufficient for construction of 20 kilometers	kilometers	NOUN	(	PUNCT	 (
In the eleven matches that Somerset played under his captaincy though, only one resulted in a victory. Seamer claimed that some of his best friends at the club were among the professionals, who he praised for their team spirit, despite the strained leadership changes. His	His	PRON	friendship	NOUN	 friendship
Over the years both trade and rivalry continued to grow with each company offering reduced freight charges or special rates and concessions to gain business from the other. The most important cargo carried was raw cotton from Liverpool to Manchester but timber, dyewoods, pig iron, lead	lead	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
The replica was launched with a ground based winch. It flew several times in 1986 and was filmed as part of the Smithsonian's IMAX film On the Wing. However, the model was not anatomically correct and embodied vertical and horizontal tail stabilizers that pterosaurs did not	not	PART	have	VERB	 have
Disney said the " nice, mysterious, heavy stuff " from both works was not what he aimed for, instead going for a " lightness, a Disney touch ". Disney frequently brought the composers to the storyline sessions. He asked them to " find scary	scary	ADJ	places	NOUN	 places
Like all boats of the class, UB 3 was rated to a diving depth of 50 metres (160 ft), and could completely submerge in 33 seconds. UB 3 was armed with two 45 centimeter (17.7 in) torpedoes in two bow torpedo tubes.	.	PUNCT	She	PRON	 She
Out of sadness, Arachne soon hanged herself. Taking pity on her, Athena brought her back to life transformed as a spider, using the poison aconite; " — and ever since, Arachne, as a spider, weaves her web. " The scholar Robert	Robert	PROPN	Graves	PROPN	 Graves
Kaiser was built by the Imperial Dockyard at Kiel, launched on 22 March 1911 and commissioned on 1 August 1912. The ship was equipped with ten 30.5 centimeter (12.0 in) guns in five twin turrets, and had a top speed of 23.4 knots (43.3	43.3	NUM	km	NOUN	 km
The speakers were self powered with amplifiers also built by Meyer Sounds. There were 24 HP700 subwoofers positioned all over the arena floor, and the Simm and Galileo were used to time align. Spears used a Crown CM 311AE headset microphone wearing the mic's beltpack (	(	PUNCT	usually	ADV	usually
In the episode " Princesses To The Rescue, " Mulan reminds Sofia and her friends Amber and Jun they are " Stronger Than They Know " in song. Mulan is the 7th Disney princess to appear on the show. Mulan appears as a playable character in Disney	Disney	PROPN	's	PART	's
Mota had a 1.49 ERA over his first 32 games of the year, but a 15.00 ERA over his next six games brought his ERA for the season to 3.40. However, he collected a 1.38 ERA over his final 12 games to bring his ERA for the	the	DET	season	NOUN	 season
To extend this to every frail Individual of the Sex, is to carry it too far; but if it be confined to those who are become infamous by public Prostitution, no Maxim, I believe, hath a greater Foundation in Truth, or will be more	more	ADV	strongly	ADV	 strongly
" Neighborhood Watch " received mostly positive reviews, with many complimenting Thiessen's performance. After Peter Burke (Tim DeKay) leaves a scanner at home, Elizabeth overhears plans for a robbery. Peter visits the scene of the alleged crime, but finds nothing to suggest	suggest	VERB	that	SCONJ	 that
In general, their bicycling tour narratives were better received than those about their mountaineering exploits. Fanny wrote the majority of these travel books herself, and in them she commented extensively on the plight of women wherever she traveled. Stephanie Tingley writes, in her encyclopedia entry	entry	NOUN	on	ADP	 on
His quick footwork enabled him to alter his position if necessary to play the ball on the off side. He also eliminated from his strokes a risky cover drive he had developed on Caribbean pitches. During the third Test at Brisbane, Headley made his first substantial contribution	contribution	NOUN	to	ADP	 to
Bramwell was " desperate " for the freedom to experiment without forced guidance. " The game ", he wrote, " hardly ever stops telling you what to do. " Clayman (IGN) agreed that there was too much help but alternatively appreciated the continual challenge	challenge	NOUN	and	CCONJ	 and
He also witnessed some miracles at the gravesite of Edward the Martyr at Shaftesbury Abbey, helping to lead to Edward's sainthood. A story was told that Ælfric introduced monks into the cathedral church of Christ Church, Canterbury, replacing the secular clerks that had taken over	over	ADP	the	DET	 the
" Heylin also takes exception to Robertson's passing off the Band's songs as originating from the basement sessions. By including eight Band recordings to Dylan's sixteen, he says, " Robertson sought to imply that the alliance between Dylan and the Band was far more	more	ADV	equal	ADJ	 equal
His score remained the same in the final round on August 12, and he remained in 17th place. Men Daniel Velez represented Puerto Rico as one of its two male swimmers at the Beijing Olympics. He was born in December 1983, making him 24 at the	the	DET	time	NOUN	 time
He is married to Tina and has four children: Chris, Chloe, Leah and Lexie Brooke. In October 2008, Horsfield was diagnosed with testicular cancer, and advised that his playing career was over. As the disease was discovered in its early stages, no	no	DET	chemotherapy	NOUN	 chemotherapy
After Worf reverses the course through the fissure, he and all the versions of the Enterprise are returned to their respective universes. Braga intended to focus the " Parallels " on Jean Luc Picard (Patrick Stewart), but this was changed to Worf. The change	change	NOUN	was	AUX	 was
Star Trek was the series ' biggest grossing film at the domestic box office in the United States, resulting in a sequel being greenlit by the studio and Kurtzman and Orci being asked to write it. The studio set aside a larger budget for the sequel, which	which	PRON	was	AUX	 was
Floyd later wrote: " At this moment [1828] came the direful struggle between the great parties in Congress founded upon the claim which the majority... from the north of the Potomac made to the right to lay any tax upon the importations into the United States	States	PROPN	which	PRON	 which
Kesselring's main operational task during this time was the support of the Condor Legion in the Spanish Civil War. However, his tenure was marred by personal and professional conflicts with his superior, General der Flieger Erhard Milch, and Kesselring asked to be relieved. The	The	DET	head	NOUN	 head
He wrote, " The Black Eyed Peas may be the ones who earn the shout out here. But every other element of ' Bass Down Low ' feels custom made for squeezing 15 extra minutes off that ' Tik Tok ' clock. " Masley praised the spoken	spoken	ADJ	word	NOUN	 word
In this episode, Scully is kidnapped by an alien bounty hunter and Mulder offers his sister Samantha (Leitch) forward as ransom. However, Samantha is merely one of several clones created as part of a human alien hybrid project, leading Mulder to pursue the bounty	bounty	NOUN	hunter	NOUN	 hunter
The memo was eventually obtained by LaRouche's attorneys and submitted as an exhibit in the 1987 trial of LaRouche and co defendants in Boston. In August 1982, former Secretary of State Henry Kissinger sent a memo to Webster requesting an investigation of the LaRouche movement due to	to	ADP	their	PRON	 their
In 2001, Jackson had a chili recipe published in " The Barking Gourmet, " the St. Albans School family cookbook. Early in Jackson's political career she served as press secretary for United States Congressman Mickey Leland. After the 1988 Democratic National Convention, she began	began	VERB	working	VERB	 working
Also attempting to capture Sydney is Romeo Guildenstern of the Crimson Blades, whose mission was undertaken without the approval of the VKP. Ashley is a Riskbreaker, a militant division of the VKP responsible for upholding state security and law. Although Callo accompanies him, Ashley does	does	AUX	not	PART	 not
Initially the government was run by eight commissioners and adopted a policy of undermining the political power of the nobility in favour of the " meaner sort ". From 1655 it was replaced by a new Council of Scotland, headed by Irish peer Lord Broghill, and began	began	VERB	attempts	NOUN	 attempts
Though such claims have been repeated frequently, scholars have dismissed them as fantasies, and refer to indisputable proof of the Prince's innocence. For example, on 30 September 1888, when Elizabeth Stride and Catherine Eddowes were murdered in London, Albert Victor was over 500	500	NUM	miles	NOUN	 miles
New York's performance declined in 1905, as numerous pitchers dealt with arm injuries and conditioning issues. After losing 18 of 25 games in May, the Highlanders ended the season in sixth. In its 1906 season, New York again contended for the AL championship.	.	PUNCT	With	SCONJ	 With
IGN praised Sora's resilient character noting how such an ordinary " youngster " could face up to his challenges during his adventures for the sake of friendship, while RPGFan's Nicole Monet Kirk labelled him as an " extremely likable hero ". Furthermore, in the book	book	NOUN	"	PUNCT	 "
.. I can't let myself get worked up thinking about that game. I don't want to take a chance of being unprepared for any of the first 11 games. The week that game gets here, it will be my primary focus. " By then	then	ADV	,	PUNCT	,
The products of the area's industries and farms could for the first time be shipped cheaply to the markets of London, and London newspapers arrived each morning at 7.28 am, in time for delivery. The station at Chalfont Road was built with almost all facilities on	on	ADP	the	DET	 the
" Adam's Song " is generally considered one of the band's more serious songs, one " that hints at the emotional maturity they'd show on later releases, " particularly their eponymous 2003 release. Richard Harrington of The Washington Post deemed the song " a	a	DET	powerful	ADJ	 powerful
In December 2012 General Motors reported, based on data collected through its OnStar telematics system since Volt deliveries began, that Volt owners drive around 900 mi (1,400 km), or a month and a half, between fill ups. By mid June 2014, GM	GM	PROPN	reported	VERB	 reported
However those inside the 610 Loop did not want to lose access to Pershing, a full service middle school that was about 40% White. An attendance boundary committee for at HISD met from December 1992 to March 1993. McAdams wrote that the committee was " an	an	DET	all	PRON	 all
The Arcade version was released in 2003 alongside its Gamecube counterpart. When F Zero GX was released, the game was well received overall by reviewers; the title has an 89% average on aggregate websites Metacritic and Game Rankings with some considering it as one of the	the	DET	best	ADJ	 best
They reached the west coast of the Cotentin on 17 June, cutting off Cherbourg. The 9th Division, joined by the 4th and 79th Infantry Divisions, took control of the peninsula in fierce fighting from 19 June, and Cherbourg was captured on 26 June. By	By	ADP	this	DET	 this
Burton filmed all the dramatic hospital scenes and most of those involving Finney first, before moving on to the McGregor section of Bloom's life. Although McGregor was on set from the beginning of filming, Burton chose to shoot all Finney's scenes first. Location filming	filming	VERB	in	ADP	 in
Since 1987, Providence / Stoughton Line service has run through Readville without making a station stop, even though there are platforms in place to allow such use. The 1898 built bridge over the Northeast Corridor, now used by Franklin Line trains running via Fairmount, is	is	AUX	planned	VERB	 planned
The Saturn IB was an upgraded version of the Saturn I. The S IB first stage increased the thrust to 1,600,000 pounds force (7,120 kN) by uprating the H 1 engine. The second stage replaced the S IV with the S IVB 200, powered by a	a	DET	single	ADJ	 single
It sourced its milk, butter, eggs, and vegetables from Briarcliff Farms. The kitchen's trash was frozen to prevent odors before its eventual removal; the lodge also had an ice producing plant that used sterilized well water. John Clark Udall oversaw construction of the	the	DET	north	NOUN	 north
" This in turn led to an offer to appear in Casey, a gay pornographic film in which Culver played the title role, a gay man who is visited by his fairy godmother Wanda (Culver playing a dual role in drag), and is granted a	a	DET	series	NOUN	 series
During her career she worked on over 130 commissions, including dozens of major estate gardens. Among her most notable creations were the gardens of Gibraltar in Wilmington, Delaware, the campus plan of the University of Delaware, the gardens of the Caumsett estate (now Caumsett	Caumsett	PROPN	State	PROPN	 State
In 1633, the Court of Exchequer Chamber of Charles I decreed the rights of the public to two thirds of the lands on the Malvern Hills, and rights of Sir Cornelius Vermuyden and his descendants, and the Crown, to one third (quoted in the preamble	preamble	NOUN	to	ADP	 to
By November 1939, all eight submarines had been fully constructed and commissioned into the Kriegsmarine. The Type IXA submarines were the first German submarines to have a double hull. This allowed for a greater chance of survival in the event of an attack and gave them better	better	ADJ	seaworthiness	NOUN	 seaworthiness
A sympathetic jury ignores the law to find him not guilty. Sleeny wins Maud's hand in marriage, and Farnham and Alice Belding are to be we d. John Hay was born in Indiana in 1838, and grew up in frontier Illinois. During his apprenticeship to	to	PART	become	VERB	 become
They are the elves who have basically lost their planet and their race to another race, the Asgardians. Here is a man / alien who places a noble objective beyond his own life and I think there is something extremely inspiring about that because he looks at the	the	DET	bigger	ADJ	 bigger
That year, Tarwater set his first conference record by swimming the 200 yard butterfly in 1: 43.46 en route to the Big Ten title. He was part of the university's 4 × 200 meter freestyle team that took first place at the NCAA Championships. The	The	DET	group	NOUN	 group
Kvinneakt was one of 11 sculptures selected for the Portland Transit Mall from more than 500 entries entered in a juried competition. The works were purchased through a budget of $250,000; Kvinneakt was commissioned at a cost of $6,500. Funding sources for the project included	included	VERB	Tri	PROPN	 Tri
He was occasionally vulnerable to left arm bowlers, either due to his inability to adjust his line of stroke or because during his career there were few fast left hand bowlers for him to practise against in the nets. Boycott himself disputes this. In spite of that	that	PRON	,	PUNCT	,
The breed became popular with cattlemen for their smooth gaits and ability to work with cattle. In 1948, the Missouri Fox Trotting Horse Breed Association (MFTHBA) was founded in Ava, Missouri, with an open stud book that registered all horses with the fox trot	trot	NOUN	gait	NOUN	 gait
Drafted by the Pittsburgh Pirates in 1998, Furniss played in their minor league system through 2000. He played for the Oakland Athletics organization in 2001 and the Texas Rangers organization in 2002. Unable to advance beyond Class AA, Furniss decided to retire from baseball and attend	attend	VERB	medical	ADJ	 medical
On 4th and 10, Stephen Flint was tackled nine yards behind the line of scrimmage, returning the ball to UConn on loss of downs. The two teams traded punts until halftime; Connecticut still held a 13 – 0 lead. The Huskies received the ball to	to	PART	start	VERB	 start
Varaha states in verse 2.4 that the truly blessed are those who know Brahman and Atman and have thus become one with them. Ribhu then asks Varaha, " Taking birth as a human, that is also a male and a Brahmin is difficult, a yogi who	who	PRON	has	AUX	 has
Patriarchy is just one of the hierarchies. Relational hierarchies between women within the same family are more adverse. Here women are pitted against one another. Not all women are powerless at all times. There have been intense debates within the Indian women's movements about the	the	DET	relationship	NOUN	 relationship
" The album was the band's first to primarily feature dropped tuning, as featured on the lead track, " Bitter Peace ", making use of the tritone interval referred to in the Middle Ages as the Devil's interval. Slayer teamed up with digital hardcore	hardcore	NOUN	group	NOUN	 group
Other collaborators included John Hill, Sam Endicott, and Timbaland. Shakira later said that her collaboration with Williams helped her learn a lot, noting " When collaborating you always try and capture something from the other person and I learnt a lot from his method ".	.	PUNCT	The	DET	 The
Upon finishing Codename: Gordon, a new bonus game is unlocked, called " Crow Chase ", in which the player has to try and gather as many points as possible, within a given time limit, by chasing crows, in an attempt to keep them	them	PRON	in	ADP	 in
Posey had created a rift in the politics of the territory by supporting slavery, much to the chagrin of opponents like Jennings, Dennis Pennington, and others who dominated the Territorial Legislature and who sought to use the bid for statehood to permanently end slavery in the territory	territory	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
This rumor proved to false, but the Russians had decided that they should continue the design process for the time when the Ottomans did procure dreadnoughts of their own. Preliminary specifications were issued on 12 August 1910 for a design based on that of the Gangut class battleships	battleships	NOUN	then	ADV	 then
The British Institution, founded in 1805 by a group of aristocratic connoisseurs, attempted to address this situation. The members lent works to exhibitions that changed annually, while an art school was held in the summer months. However, as the paintings that were lent were	were	AUX	often	ADV	 often
The Creative Assembly also outlined the features of the game, including the game covering the medieval era from the 11th to 15th century, with players being able to participate in various historical scenarios of the time, such as the Hundred Years ' War. Media releases over	over	ADP	the	DET	 the
Throughout an acting career spanning from 1948 to 1969, Murphy made more than 40 feature films and one television series. When actor and producer James Cagney saw 16 July 1945 issue of Life magazine depicting Murphy as the " most decorated soldier ", he brought him to	to	ADP	Hollywood	PROPN	 Hollywood
Due to the production of the event, however, the capacity of the arena was set at a lower standard, and as a result the arena reached its maximum capacity. This was confirmed by the ticket sales and by WWE's official website on August 28,	,	PUNCT	2007	NUM	 2007
Shankly formed a special bond with the Liverpool supporters and, at the end of the 1961 – 62 season when Liverpool won the Second Division championship, he told the Liverpool Echo: " In all sincerity, I can say that they are the greatest crowd of supporters	supporters	NOUN	in	ADP	 in
The British government's response to the crisis, and the successful use of force to end it, strengthened the Conservative government of the day and boosted Thatcher's personal credibility. McNee believed that the conclusion of siege exemplified the British government's policy of refusing to give	give	VERB	in	ADP	 in
However, in actual humans, bupropion is extensively converted in the body into several active metabolites with differing activity and influence on the effects of bupropion during first pass metabolism. These metabolites are present in significantly higher levels in the body compared to bupropion itself. The most	most	ADV	important	ADJ	 important
Night is the first in a trilogy — Night, Dawn, Day — marking Wiesel's transition during and after the Holocaust from darkness to light, according to the Jewish tradition of beginning a new day at nightfall. " In Night, " he said, "	"	PUNCT	I	PRON	 I
Marine and fishing operations were suspended, while schools in Benito Juárez were closed on June 28. In response to Arlene's formation, the government of Mexico issued a tropical storm warning for coastal areas from Barra de Nautla northward to Bahia Algodones on June 29. Later	Later	ADV	that	DET	 that
The group performed " Stop " without Halliwell in Modena, Italy; for the annually hosted Pavarotti and Friends charity concert in June 1998. In October 1997, the group performed it as the ninth song of their first live concert at the Abdi Ipekçi Arena in Istanbul	Istanbul	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
The castle briefly reverted to the Crown again, but in 1247 passed by marriage to William de Valence, half brother to Henry III. De Valence was a French nobleman from Poitiers and a noted soldier who spent most of his life fighting in military campaigns; Henry	Henry	PROPN	arranged	VERB	 arranged
He moreover aimed for significant improvement in the Champions League, a competition where the club failed to reach higher than the quarter finals. Such was Arsenal's impressive form in late summer, Wenger commented that his team could go the entire season undefeated. Arsenal's kit	kit	NOUN	sponsorship	NOUN	 sponsorship
These plants include herbs, grasses, sedges, flowers and mistletoes; among these are Deschampsia caespitosa (a very rare tussock grass), Peraxilla tetrapetala (a vulnerable mistletoe) and Libertia peregrinans (a possibly locally extinct sand iris). The 2009 culling of the	the	DET	population	NOUN	 population
During the three year siege of Gaza, the city's Jewish community fought alongside the Byzantine garrison. In the summer of 637, Amr's forces broke the siege and captured Gaza, killing its Byzantine garrison, but not attacking its inhabitants. Amr's victory is	is	AUX	attributed	VERB	 attributed
For example, to move in a direction, the cursor changes to point in the intended direction. If players can view an item in greater detail, the cursor changes to a hand holding a magnifying glass. By clicking and dragging the cursor, the player performs	performs	VERB	actions	NOUN	 actions
The couple married in August the following year at Wigan Registry Office, although this marriage was bigamous because of his union two years previously with Salter. In the months after their marriage, Eliza persuaded Formby to join the Roman Catholic Church, which helped her parents overcome	overcome	VERB	their	PRON	 their
This provides an incentive for players to remain in the social system (the guild) longer than they might otherwise. Within the guild, DKP may stand in for competence — high level items (Krista Lee Malone mentions a specific item from World of Warcraft, the	the	DET	"	PUNCT	 "
Russia's mobilization set off full Austro Hungarian and German mobilizations. Soon all the Great Powers except Italy had chosen sides and gone to war. Princip's weapon, along with the car in which the Archduke was riding, his bloodstained uniform and the chaise longue on	on	ADP	which	PRON	 which
The single reached the top ten on the charts in Hungary, Netherlands and the United Kingdom. It also peaked within the top forty on the charts in Australia, Austria, Germany, Ireland and Switzerland. Matthew Rolston directed the song's music video, which was	was	AUX	filmed	VERB	 filmed
A strong negotiator in the early years of valleys ' unionism, as a moderate he lost ground to more radical leaders in his later years. Thomas was the born in Port Talbot but raised in Trealaw near Tonypandy. He was a Member of Parliament for Cardiff for	for	ADP	38	NUM	 38
Trijata is recused of her duties and Sita is transferred to an iron castle, guarded by an army commanded by one of Ravana's ministers. While Trijata is generally portrayed in a positive light, the early Jain versions of the Ramayana either ignore her or demonize her	her	PRON	as	ADP	 as
The rain in New York caused delays in the play at the 2006 U.S. Open, and washed out a whole day's play. The extratropical remnants of Ernesto moved across southern Ontario, dropping moderate rainfall of up to 2.1 inches (54 mm). Wind gusts	gusts	NOUN	reached	VERB	 reached
” Jean Lorrah described the Darla Angel Connor Jasmine arc as " surely one of the most ambitious story arcs any television show has ever attempted “ Stacey Abbott of PopMatters called the Darla Angel Connor storyline " provocative " and " pure family melodrama ". Cityofangels.com's Tara	Tara	PROPN	DiLullo	PROPN	 DiLullo
Actress Carole Bouquet reportedly had a pre existing health condition that prevented her from performing actual underwater stunt work. Actual aquatic scenes were done by a team lead by Al Giddings, who had previously worked on The Deep, and filmed in either Pinewood's tank on the	the	DET	007	NUM	 007
As per Leon, during this time, he became inspired by Jurassic Park after watching the film and decided to pursue his career in the technologies used in its making. After completing the master's degree at Arizona State University in 1996, Leon worked for a short	short	ADJ	time	NOUN	 time
The weather conditions on the grid were dry before the race; the air temperature was 28° C (82° F) and the track temperature 32° C (90° F). The race started at 14: 00 local time. A total of	of	ADP	approximately	ADV	 approximately
As of November 2013, the song has sold a total of 150,000 copies in the United States. On September 30, 2013, Perry performed " Walking on Air " during her headlining set of the 2013 iTunes Festival at the Roundhouse. For the performance, she	she	PRON	wore	VERB	 wore
The street was torn up to dig the tunnel below before being rebuilt from above. Traffic on the street above would be interrupted due to the digging up of the street. Temporary steel and wooden bridges carried surface traffic above the construction. Contractors in this type of	of	ADP	construction	NOUN	 construction
I think when he saw Brian at that time, to Bon it was ' Well he's a guy that knows what rock and roll is all about. ' He mentioned that to us in Australia. I suppose when we decided to continue, Brian was the	the	DET	first	ADJ	 first
The dispute is over whether or not syphilis was also present elsewhere in the world at that time. One of the two primary hypotheses proposes that syphilis was carried from the Americas to Europe by the returning crewmen from Christopher Columbus's voyage to the Americas. The other	other	ADJ	hypothesis	NOUN	 hypothesis
Driberg's campaign slogan was " A Candid Friend For Churchill ", personally supportive but critical of many of the prime minister's circle. The lacklustre campaign of his right wing Conservative opponent helped to secure Driberg a wide range of support, from moderate Conservatives, Liberals	Liberals	PROPN	and	CCONJ	 and
Woo desired to make a film about honour, friendship and the relationship of two seemingly opposite people. After finishing filming, Woo referred to The Killer as a tribute to directors Jean Pierre Melville and Martin Scorsese. The Killer was not an immediate success in Hong Kong	Kong	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
The population density was 1,592.8 people per square mile (615.0 / km²). There were 35,916 housing units at an average density of 676.8 per square mile (261.3 / km²). The racial makeup of the city was 81.54% White, 10.85% Black or	or	CCONJ	African	PROPN	 African
A continuation of the scorched earth policy practiced in Northern Norway was particularly feared. Gjems Onstad and Lark were not to lead the defence, but rather to organise it and train new recruits. In November he authorised the creation of the illegal newspaper For Friheten by his	his	PRON	own	ADJ	 own
The river then enters the city of South Jordan where it merges with Midas Creek from the west. Upon leaving South Jordan, the river forms the border between the cities of West Jordan on the west and Sandy and Midvale on the east. From the west,	,	PUNCT	Bingham	PROPN	 Bingham
The group selected to die, about three quarters of the total, included almost all children, women with small children, all the elderly, and all those who appeared on brief and superficial inspection by an SS doctor not to be completely fit. After the selection	selection	NOUN	process	NOUN	 process
Hinson concluded his review saying that the film is " accomplished but uninspiring, The Little Mermaid has enough to please any kid. All that's missing is the magic. " Empire gave a positive review of the film, stating that " [The Little Mermaid is	is	AUX	]	PUNCT	]
His confidants knew this and in many situations took advantage of Grant's presidential authority. Having the ability to pardon, accept resignations, and even vouch for an associate in a deposition, created an environment difficult, though not impossible, for reformers in and outside of	of	ADP	the	DET	 the
, 1966) Skull Session (Flying Dutchman, 1975) Stolen Moments (East Wind, 1975) With Art Pepper Popo (Xanadu, 1951 [1980]) with Shorty Rogers Living Legend (Contemporary, 1975) With André Previn Pal Joey (Contemporary, 1957	1957	NUM	)	PUNCT	)
In 1986 IDOT struck a deal with Swain, agreeing to reroute the road and take only 40 acres (16 hectares) of land, ending the lawsuit and resuming construction activities. A portion of the road from I 55 to Hartsburg opened on December 15, 1989	1989	NUM	,	PUNCT	,
His next film roles were in a series of independent features: Another Day in Paradise (1997), part of an ensemble cast that included James Woods, Melanie Griffith, Vincent Kartheiser, and Natasha Gregson Wagner, and In Desert Blue (1998), where	where	SCONJ	he	PRON	 he
Three singles were released from Title TK: " Off You ", " Huffer ", and " Son of Three "; " Off You " reached number 25 on the Canadian Digital Songs chart, and " Son of Three " number 72 on the UK Singles	Singles	PROPN	Chart	PROPN	 Chart
Koch told her that Cho was involved in an earlier stalking incident and that, " i think he is schizophrenic " [sic]. After Koch's encouragement, the young woman contacted the campus police, who again warned Cho against further unwanted contact. After that	that	DET	warning	NOUN	 warning
The sphere was covered in stockinette which was coated with a liberal amount of birdlime, an extremely adhesive substance from which the nickname ' sticky bomb ' was derived. A casing made out of thin sheet metal, and formed of two halves, was then placed around	around	ADP	the	DET	 the
She released her debut album Sevin Sins on April 13, 2010 on iTunes. Kanellis was born in Ottawa, Illinois. She has two younger siblings; a brother and sister named Bill and Janny, respectively. Kanellis grew up with an interest in playing sports,	,	PUNCT	particularly	ADV	 particularly
Johnston ended with 4 / 49. This was followed by a drawn match against Yorkshire, in which Johnston scored an unbeaten 15, before bowling almost unchanged in the home side's first innings. Johnston bowled 41.1 out of 90.1 overs and ended with 3 / 101	101	NUM	,	PUNCT	,
Minneapolis ' name is attributed to Charles Hoag, the city's first schoolteacher, who combined mni, a Dakota Sioux word for water, and polis, the Greek word for city. Dakota Sioux had long been the region's sole residents when French explorers arrived around	around	ADP	1680	NUM	 1680
The Bridgwater and Taunton Canal opened in 1827, which provided an easier route than the river, and protracted legal battles followed over ownership of the river and water rights for the canal. These were not finally resolved until 1832, when the Canal Company formally took over	over	ADP	the	DET	 the
Peter glimpses Mary Jane sadly leaving the party. The guests all toast to a " Brand New Day. " One More Day was panned by fans and critics. IGN reviewer Jesse Schedeen described Amazing Spider Man # 545 as " undoubtedly the worst comic Marvel published in	in	ADP	2007	NUM	 2007
The overriding law of the empire was the Shari ' ah, or Sacred Law, which as the divine law of Islam was outside of the Sultan's powers to change. Yet an area of distinct law known as the Kanuns (قانون, canonical legislation) was	was	AUX	dependent	ADJ	 dependent
It took command of the 1st Cavalry Division, 24th Infantry Division, and South Korean 1st Infantry Division, along with the 27th British Commonwealth Brigade, defending the Naktong River area against attacking North Korean units. Amphibious landings at Inchon by X Corps hit North Korean forces	forces	NOUN	from	ADP	 from
The landfalling Arlene interacted with a passing cold front which helped to produce showers further northeast, though damage in those locales was comparatively less severe. In total, Arlene caused 26 deaths and at least US $60.8 million in damage. The precursor to Arlene was first	first	ADV	identified	VERB	 identified
A drop of ammonium hydroxide solution turns the cap cuticle a reddish color or is unreactive, and yellow or unreactive on the flesh. A drop of dilute potassium hydroxide (KOH) turns the cap surface red, and the flesh yellowish to orangish. Application of iron	iron	NOUN	(	PUNCT	 (
The probe photographed pale hills with dark " rivers " running down to a dark plain. Current understanding is that the hills (also referred to as highlands) are composed mainly of water ice. Dark organic compounds, created in the upper atmosphere by the ultraviolet radiation	radiation	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
During the period 1558 – 1578, Russia dominated the region with early military successes at Dorpat (Tartu) and Narva. Russian dissolution of the Livonian Confederation brought Poland – Lithuania into the conflict while Sweden and Denmark both intervened between 1559 and 1561. Swedish Estonia was	was	AUX	established	VERB	 established
Jeff Joniak believed that to counter the Legion of Boom, the Bears had to balance the rushing and passing attacks, while watching for a blitz that pressured Aaron Rodgers 19 times in week two. On defense, the Bears had to watch for quarterback Russell Wilson,	,	PUNCT	though	SCONJ	 though
He shared his exile with Tell and Magheru, as well as with Nicolae Rusu Locusteanu. It was during his time in Paris that he met with Pierre Joseph Proudhon, the anarchist philosopher who had come to advance a moderate small scale property project (to counter both	both	DET	economic	ADJ	 economic
An assessment covering eight domains of psychopathology – such as whether hallucination or mania is experienced – is recommended to help clinical decision making. The ICD 10 criteria are typically used in European countries, while the DSM criteria are used in the United States and to varying degrees	degrees	NOUN	around	ADP	 around
He made his debut in their first ever I League match on 22 September against Mohun Bagan, playing the entirety of a 1 – 1 draw. In their next match against Rangdajied United F.C., he scored his first goal in India, opening a 3 – 0	0	NUM	victory	NOUN	 victory
On his first overseas trip, McCabe struggled badly in his first four weeks in England. In six matches in that time, he scored only 51 runs at 7.28 and failed to take a wicket after being asked to bowl only 18 overs. After being dismissed in	in	ADP	the	DET	 the
negative figure " - Tuisto is described as being " celebrated " (celebrant) by the early Germanic peoples in song, with Tacitus reporting nothing negative about Tuisto. Jacob (2005) attempts to establish a genealogical relationship between Tuisto and Ymir based on etymology and a	a	DET	comparison	NOUN	 comparison
However, early in the following season, he missed three months because of a knee injury. He returned from injury on 17 December 2011. On 20 June 2012, Colbeck signed a two year deal with Grimsby Town. Colbeck scored his first goal for Grimsby on	on	ADP	27	NUM	 27
Gateshead football club have played their home games at the stadium since 1970. Gateshead International Stadium was home to the Gateshead Thunder rugby league club during their spell in the Super League and the replacement Gateshead Thunder club played home games in the main arena, which was known	known	VERB	as	ADP	 as
Domitian, ultimately, was a tyrant with the character which always makes tyranny repulsive, and this derived in part from his own paranoia, which itself was a consequence of the fact that he had no son, and thus no obvious heir. In September 96,	,	PUNCT	Domitian	PROPN	 Domitian
Lincoln expanded on the conspiracy theories, writing his own books on the subject, and inspiring and presenting three BBC Two Chronicle documentaries between 1972 and 1979 about the alleged mysteries of the Rennes le Château area. In response to a tip from Gérard de Sède, Lincoln	Lincoln	PROPN	claims	VERB	 claims
In late April, Presley began a two week residency at the New Frontier Hotel and Casino on the Las Vegas Strip. The shows were poorly received by the conservative, middle aged hotel guests — " like a jug of corn liquor at a champagne party, "	"	PUNCT	wrote	VERB	 wrote
With Kubisch manning the movable machine gun, Lent negotiated the capitulation with the Norwegian ground forces and the airfield was in German hands. At 18: 50 the same day, Lent and his Staffelkapitän Werner Hansen took off again from Fornebu in undamaged Bf 110s. During	During	ADP	the	DET	 the
I can be patient but it gives us a lot of headaches. " In 2010 the airline switched its Boeing 787 order from the – 8 to the – 9 model, stating that 787 8s did not meet all the requirements Boeing initially promised; it is expected	expected	VERB	the	DET	 the
In " Four Months Ago... ", Elle admits to being diagnosed as a sociopath and previous to that, she had displayed sadistic behavior as a result of testing done to her as a child. Bell explains, " Bodies are not able to take that much	much	ADJ	electricity	NOUN	 electricity
They also refer to Morrison and Janet Planet's life at the time: " We were finally, really living in a dreamland — believe it or not — it was a magical time ", Planet recalled. " I'll Be Your Lover, Too " was	was	AUX	inspired	VERB	 inspired
(The rest of Route 87 became part of Sign Route 24, which turned east at Oroville along present State Route 70, in 1934.) In the 1950s and 1960s, about three quarters of the Oroville Chico Highway was absorbed by other routes. A new	new	ADJ	two	NUM	 two
The following season, Yeovil won the Conference and promotion into The Football League, although Stansfield was ruled out with a broken leg in the first game. In 2004, he transferred to Hereford United, where he won promotion to The Football League via the 2006 play	play	NOUN	offs	NOUN	 offs
However, he was obliged to request help when, as Aurora neared New Zealand in stormy weather on 31 March, it was in danger of being driven on the rocks. Two days later the tug Dunedin reached the ship and a towline was secured. On the	the	DET	following	ADJ	 following
The group existed as a casual collective formed by Crow and musicians Bill Bottrell, David Baerwald, Kevin Gilbert, Brian MacLeod, David Ricketts, and Dan Schwartz. The album was a commercial success and produced several hit singles, including " All I Wanna Do "	"	PUNCT	,	PUNCT	,
Thessaloniki was taken after a long battle with three Greek divisions under the command of General Bakopoulos, and was followed by the surrender of the Greek Eastern Macedonia Army Section, taking effect at 13: 00 on 10 April. In the three days it took the Germans	Germans	PROPN	to	PART	 to
Ted Abenheim, event chair of Prism Comics said in 2008, “ We ’ re in our sixth year of exhibiting at Comic Con, presenting a larger booth and more panels and events than ever before. ” A number of websites dedicated to LGBT comic book fandom	fandom	ADV	and	CCONJ	 and
At the end of September, Cradock made his first fruitless search of the Tierra del Fuego area and later detached three of his ships to search up the Chilean coast, reaching Valparaiso on 15 October, while Good Hope returned to Port Stanley, in the Falkland Islands	Islands	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
With her colleagues, she clarified the taxonomy of Indonesian white eyes, establishing the specific status of the Sangihe white eye Zosterops nehrkorni and the Seram white eye Z. stalkeri and confirmed the identity of the Serendib scops owl which had originally been discovered in Sri Lanka by local	local	ADJ	ornithologist	NOUN	 ornithologist
Marrakesh is known by a variety of nicknames, including the " Red City ", the " Ochre City " and " the Daughter of the Desert ", and has been the focus of poetic analogies such as one comparing the city to " a drum that beats	beats	VERB	an	DET	 an
He stopped reviewing a majority of the Season 8 episodes since " Pam's Replacement ", due to his distaste for the series. Time writer James Poniewozik agreed with Sepinwall and said that Jim should have been named manager so the series could be more ensemble oriented.	.	PUNCT	New	PROPN	 New
Campbell was a London science fiction fan; he had been brought on by Hulton Press (publisher of the very successful comic the Eagle) to create a science fiction magazine, but the project had been abandoned before seeing print. By the start of 1951, Hamilton	Hamilton	PROPN	's	PART	's
In February 1978, the new jetliner received the 767 model designation, and three variants were planned: a 767 100 with 190 seats, a 767 200 with 210 seats, and a trijet 767MR / LR version with 200 seats intended for intercontinental routes. The 767MR	767MR	PROPN	/	SYM	 /
She often worked at night, wearing jeans and a plaid shirt – not the usual attire for a woman at the time. Following the war, in 1947, Anderson left Los Alamos and returned to teaching at Milwaukee Downer College, but her involvement in atomic physics	physics	NOUN	led	VERB	 led
Brown presented his plans for the development during subsequent tours by top state leaders, including future New York State Governors Eliot Spitzer and David Paterson. Erie Canal Harbor eventually opened on July 2, 2008. In early 2006, the Seneca Nation filed with the Securities and	and	CCONJ	Exchange	PROPN	 Exchange
In his next start, against the Philadelphia Phillies on August 13, he allowed four unearned runs in five innings, got his first career hit (against Brian Powell), and earned his first career win in a 16 – 6 victory. After another start,	,	PUNCT	he	PRON	 he
Marie Thérèse even sold a diamond necklace that the Emperor Paul had given her as a wedding gift. Marie Thérèse persuaded Queen Louise of Prussia to give her family refuge in Prussian territory. Louise consented, but the Bourbons were forced to assume pseudonyms. With Louis XVIII	XVIII	PROPN	using	VERB	 using
A third film, Lois Weber's Hypocrites, portrayed " The Naked Truth " (an uncredited Margaret Edwards) in a manner similar to Chabas's model. Several songs inspired by September Morn were likewise released. Musicians Frank Black and Bobby Heath penned a song,	,	PUNCT	"	PUNCT	 "
Graham was also named MVP of the 2010 Senior Bowl. In high school, he was a highly decorated and highly rated linebacker who served as captain for the 2006 U.S. Army All American Bowl. He was listed on numerous All American lists and was a finalists for	for	ADP	some	PRON	 some
The destroyer HMS Grenville and six merchant ships totalling 21,617 GRT were lost to this minefield as well and another ship was damaged as well. The ship was under repairs during Operation Weserübung in April and did not leave the dockyard until May when she began working up as	as	ADP	part	NOUN	 part
I am very grateful for this opportunity! " Another remix by Sick Individuals, which consist of Dutch duo Rinze " Ray " Hofstee and Joep " Jim " Smeele, was released exclusively to Billboard. The remixes were first released on June 15, 2015, in	in	ADP	Australia	PROPN	 Australia
Route 23 continues north with frontage roads serving businesses, coming to an interchange with U.S. Route 202 and County Route 511 Alternate, forming a concurrency with U.S. Route 202. The road interchanges with County Route 670 (Alps Road) and then with County Route 683,	,	PUNCT	where	SCONJ	 where
Each time, the concert lasted for two and a half hours and featured songs sung by Lia, Rita, Chata, and Tomoe Tamiyasu who have previously sung songs for singles and albums released under Key Sounds Label. Another concert called KSL Live World 2010: Way	Way	NOUN	to	ADP	 to
In 1951, UUCA minister Ross Allen Weston founded the Community Council for Social Progress, an interracial, interfaith group that promoted " full development of democratic principles in human relationship ". UUCA's members were active during the Civil Rights Movement of the 1950s and 1960s,	,	PUNCT	protesting	VERB	 protesting
One of these was Daws Butler, known for voicing characters such as Huckleberry Hound, Snagglepuss, Elroy Jetson and Yogi Bear. Cartwright called him, and left a message in a Cockney accent on his answering machine. Butler immediately called her back and agreed to be	be	AUX	her	PRON	 her
" Mine Again " is an " old school ' 70s smooth soul ", and neo soul ballad. The lyrics revolve around the protagonist wishing for a second chance at a seemingly failed relationship. " Mine Again " is written in the key of B flat major	major	NOUN	and	CCONJ	 and
The initial reaction of some fans was dismay, as there were concerns that The Next Generation would continue to lift stories from The Original Series. Staff writer Maurice Hurley said of " The Naked Now, " " I didn't like that show at all. It	It	PRON	just	ADV	 just
He played drums without quantizing them and referred to the personal library of samples he had amassed over his career while producing the album. He recorded the song " Dream to Me " the day after purchasing a microKORG synthesizer. He ultimately recorded over 60 songs for the	the	DET	album	NOUN	 album
It originally aired on NBC in the United States on March 10, 1993. In the episode, Pembleton and Bayliss investigate the murder of a police dog, Crosetti helps his friend adjust after a serious injury, and Felton and Howard suspect a drug dealer for a	a	DET	brutal	ADJ	 brutal
Men's bikinis can have high or low side panels, and string sides or tie sides. Most lack a button or flap front. Unlike swim briefs, bikinis are not designed for drag reduction and generally lack a visible waistband. Suits less than 1.5 inches wide	wide	ADJ	at	ADP	 at
In 1916 Rika Wallen traveled to Valdez, reportedly " because she thought Alaska would be like Sweden ". After jobs cooking at the Kennecott copper mine and for a Fairbanks boarding house, Rika Wallen made her way to Big Delta. In 1917, or 1918,	,	PUNCT	she	PRON	 she
Andy Bell cites Bush as an influence on Erasure. In addition to those artists who state that Bush has been a direct influence on their own careers, other artists have been quoted expressing admiration for her work including Annie Lennox, Björk, Little Boots, Dido,	,	PUNCT	Sky	PROPN	 Sky
[...] This, right here, is the kind of sequence the show needs. There ’ s too little sense of danger right now. " Verne Gay of Newsday described the sequence as " violent ", and ultimately summated that DeMunn's absence will be	be	AUX	felt	VERB	 felt
Some sources state that it does not exist, or at least has never been observed, while other sources assert or imply its existence. Despite this controversy, many properties of diatomic astatine have been predicted; for example, its bond length would be 300 ± 10	10	NUM	pm	NOUN	 pm
One follows the protagonist Shea Ohmsford on his quest to obtain the Sword of Shannara and confront the Warlock Lord (the antagonist) with it. The other plot shadows Prince Balinor Buckhannah's attempt to oust his insane brother Palance from the throne of Callahorn while the country	country	NOUN	and	CCONJ	 and
Classical Cynics followed this philosophy to the extent of neglecting everything not furthering their perfection of virtue and attainment of happiness, thus, the title of Cynic, derived from the Greek word κύων (meaning " dog ") because they allegedly neglected society, hygiene, family	family	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
Migg emerges from the bathroom as Gerri leaves the house, and encourages Tom to call in sick. It is revealed that Tom had promised Migg some of his clothes, and Migg makes breakfast. Later, Migg and Tom play Risk and drink wine. Tom is	is	AUX	concerned	ADJ	 concerned
While recovering, the Panthers dealt him to the Detroit Red Wings at the trade deadline in exchange for forward prospect Shawn Matthias and conditional draft picks. Bertuzzi was in the last year of his contract with no guarantee he would re sign with Florida in the off season	season	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
(often referred to as Treats, Treats!, Treats Magazine or Treats! Magazine) is a limited edition erotica and fine arts magazine that is primarily available by subscription. The magazine, which debuted in 2011, is described as a quarterly although it was initially	initially	ADV	only	ADV	 only
Irreconcilably alienated from his wife, Austin fell in love in 1882 with Mabel Loomis Todd, an Amherst College faculty wife who had recently moved to the area. Todd never met Dickinson but was intrigued by her, referring to her as " a lady whom the people	people	NOUN	call	VERB	 call
In late 1332, coinciding with the appointment of Emir Taynal al Ashrafi as governor, some of the provincial privileges of Gaza, such as the governor's direct subordination to the sultan in Cairo, were removed by an Nasir Muhammad's decree. From then, and	and	CCONJ	until	ADP	 until
The resulting Grand Canyon Supergroup of sedimentary units is composed of nine varied geologic formations that were laid down from 1.2 billion and 740 million years ago in this sea. Good exposures of the supergroup can be seen in eastern Grand Canyon in the Inner Gorge and from Desert	Desert	PROPN	View	PROPN	 View
At the time most of the bosses faced by the players were dragons, hence the name. While not transferable outside of a particular guild, DKP are often treated in a manner similar to currency by guilds. They are paid out at a specified rate and redeemed	redeemed	VERB	in	ADP	 in
On 16 August 1961, when the Berlin Wall crisis was unfolding, several United States Air Force Reserve units were notified of their pending recall to active duty. On 1 October the wing and its three squadrons, the 101st, 131st and 138th were placed on active	active	ADJ	duty	NOUN	 duty
" other Zelda "), with new dungeon locations / layouts, different item placements, and stronger enemies. Although this more difficult " replay " was not unique to Zelda, few games offered entirely different levels to complete on the second playthrough. The Second Quest	Quest	PROPN	can	AUX	 can
To prepare for the operations of the Su 27 K and the rival MiG 29 K on board the new carrier, work proceeded on the development of the steam catapult, arresting gear, optical and radio landing systems. The pilots were trained at a new establishment in	in	ADP	Crimea	PROPN	 Crimea
In 1984, his company merged with the larger Spectrum 7, and Bush became chairman. The company was hurt by decreased oil prices, and it folded into HKN, Inc. Bush served on the board of directors for HKN. Questions of possible insider trading involving HKN	HKN	PROPN	arose	VERB	 arose
Movistar's Andrey Amador moved up into third. Stage 15 was the final stage of the second week and was the climb to Madonna di Campiglio. Landa won the stage after Astana rode hard on the final climb; he finished five seconds ahead of Contador and moved	moved	VERB	back	ADV	 back
For example, Roman water clocks had different scales for different months of the year: at Rome's latitude the third hour from sunrise, hora tertia, started by modern standards at 09: 02 solar time and lasted 44 minutes at the winter solstice, but at	at	ADP	the	DET	 the
The special drew over 9 million viewers, and was the most watched television program of the night. For the week of his death, World News Tonight placed number one in the ratings race for the first time since June 2004. Jennings's widow, Kayce Freed	Freed	VERB	,	PUNCT	,
With its long lifespan of 70 years or more, and slow rate of reproduction, the dugong is especially vulnerable to extinction. The word " dugong " derives from the Tagalog term dugong which was in turn adopted from the Malay duyung, both meaning " lady of	of	ADP	the	DET	 the
His business involved braiding dog hairs around fishhooks, the result of which could be sold as trout flies. He began tying the fly fishing lures in his bedroom, then he moved the business into his parents ' basement. In time, he got space above a	a	DET	grocery	NOUN	 grocery
" Maureen Ryan described the chemistry between Black and Michael Shanks as " sparky " and " one of the most diverting parts of the latter seasons of the show ". According to Ultimate DVD, the scenes between Vala and Daniel as the object of her affection resulted	resulted	VERB	in	ADP	 in
Gaga's performance was frequently mentioned in the critiques. Idolator's Becky Bain, Tracy Gilchrist of SheWired, and Caroline Westbrook of Metro issued favorable assessments of her acting: the latter affirmed that Gaga had many memorable moments throughout the episode. " The series did make	make	VERB	good	ADJ	 good
In November 1863, Irataba traveled with Moss to San Pedro, Los Angeles, where they boarded the steamship Senator, bound for San Francisco. In San Francisco, he stayed at the Occidental Hotel and created a storm as he walked down Jackson Street, dressed in	in	ADP	clothing	NOUN	 clothing
In 1602, after discovering that Anne had smuggled Beatrix Ruthven into Holyrood, James carried out a cross examination of the entire household; in 1603, he finally decided to grant Beatrix Ruthven a pension of £200. A briefer confrontation occurred in 1613 when Anne shot	shot	VERB	and	CCONJ	 and
Having been undefeated in their matches up to this point, the Australians maintained their streak in the remaining fixtures, gaining them the sobriquet of The Invincibles. After the first four Tests, Australia led the series 3 – 0, having won all but the Third Test	Test	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
The Grand Duchess was already married to Duke Peter Alexandrovich of Oldenburg, who was covertly believed by his friends and family to be homosexual. A few days after her brief meeting with Kulikovsky, Olga asked Oldenburg for a divorce, which he refused with the qualification that	that	PRON	he	PRON	 he
They both competed in the Money in the Bank ladder match at the same event, but the match was won by Mr. Kennedy. Finally, they faced off in a fatal four way for the title against Cena and Michaels at Backlash, however Cena retained the title	title	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
The cost to repair the statue and buildings on the island was about $100,000. The narrow ascent to the torch was closed for public safety reasons, and it has remained closed ever since. That same year, Ralph Pulitzer, who had succeeded his father Joseph	Joseph	PROPN	as	ADP	 as
Reich discovered a technique known as phasing, in which two musical activities begin simultaneously and are repeated, gradually drifting out of sync, creating a natural sense of development. Reich was also very interested in non Western music, incorporating African rhythmic techniques in his compositions.	.	PUNCT	Recent	ADJ	 Recent
The Hall of Heroes accessory for the second edition of Advanced Dungeons & Dragons, published in 1989, features a four page description and game statistics for Drizzt and Guenhwyvar, written by R. A. Salvatore. The Heroes ' Lorebook accessory, published in 1996 and written by	by	ADP	Dale	PROPN	 Dale
Because of this, anhydrous salts containing alkali metal cations are often used as desiccants. Alkali metals also readily form complexes with crown ethers (e.g. 12 crown 4 for Li +, 15 crown 5 for Na +, and 18 crown 6 for K +) and	and	CCONJ	cryptands	NOUN	 cryptands
In 1996, a large video display was added center stage, which was then upgraded in 2003 as the show began the transition into high definition broadcasting. In the mid 1990s, the show began a long standing tradition of nearly every week coming with its own unique	unique	ADJ	theme	NOUN	 theme
This would see HCI partnering a top local school for exchange and mutual learning programmes. Incorporated within HCI are the high school (junior high) section and college (senior high) section, each caring for different cohorts of students separated by age group. Secondary 1	1	NUM	(	PUNCT	 (
Fifty five years after the fact, a journalist writing for the Guardian newspaper stated unequivocally, though without offering any fresh evidence, that Simon Stockhausen was killed in Hungary in 1945 (O ' Mahony 2001). From 1947 to 1951, Stockhausen studied music pedagogy and	and	CCONJ	piano	NOUN	 piano
In Annamalaiyar temple, Shiva is said to have manifested himself as a massive column of fire, whose crown and feet could not be found by the Hindu gods, Brahma and Vishnu. The main lingam in the shrine is referred as Agni Lingam, and represents duty	duty	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
TV Guide listed the character of SpongeBob SquarePants at No. 9 for its " 50 Greatest Cartoon Characters of All Time ". In 2013, the publication ranked SpongeBob SquarePants the eighth " Greatest TV Cartoon of All Time ". In June 2010, Entertainment Weekly named	named	VERB	SpongeBob	PROPN	 SpongeBob
After his return to Canada in 1970, Newman was appointed Acting Director of the Broadcast Programs Branch for the Canadian Radio and Television Commission (CRTC) and then head of the National Film Board of Canada (NFB). He also occupied senior positions at the Canadian	Canadian	PROPN	Film	PROPN	 Film
The brave but doomed defense of Bataan had captured the imagination of the American public, who saw MacArthur as the only Allied general who knew how to fight the Japanese. Walter R. Borneman noted that: in a fragile period of the American psyche when the general American	American	ADJ	public	NOUN	 public
I do care. " Because of the number of " Obamacare " search engine queries, the Department of Health and Human Services purchased Google advertisements, triggered by the term, to direct people to the official HHS site. In March 2012, the Obama reelection campaign	campaign	NOUN	embraced	VERB	 embraced
He had stated that the recording was from him testing the microphone setup in studio, but he liked the sound too much not to include it. It was released as a promotional single in December 1994 and reached the Top 20 on the Billboard Modern Rock Tracks chart	chart	VERB	.	PUNCT	.
Albert Bouchard had been completely excluded from the retooling of the album for contractual reasons, but hoped to have his long work rewarded with a credit as co producer, and to be paid accordingly. After the disbandment of Blue Öyster Cult, he contacted the other band	band	NOUN	members	NOUN	 members
Although winds were strong, the majority of damage was limited to broken windows, removed sheet metal, broken gutters, and removed siding. The most severe damage took place in exposed areas at higher elevations or where tunneling of the wind occurred. Heavy rains produced by	by	ADP	Dina	PROPN	 Dina
He agrees to Lord Caldlow's terms, and writes down the secrets to all his tricks. When Caldlow visits, Borden recognizes him as Angier. Baffled by Angier's return, Borden begs for his life, but Angier ignores Borden's pleas. Borden is hanged	hanged	VERB	and	CCONJ	 and
" In addition to a quote from Internet Bookwatch, Columbia University Press advertised Animal Rights Without Liberation with quotes from several academics working in the area of animal ethics. Philosophers Peter Singer and Paula Casal praised work for exposing a false dichotomy of animal rights versus animal welfare	welfare	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
I tried to score. I never missed on purpose. It just happened, it was a bad penalty. " Fowler was part of a group of Liverpool players from the mid 1990s who were dubbed " The Spice Boys " by the press following a series of	of	ADP	off	ADJ	 off
The only Egyptian to win a bout in London was Hesham Yehia, in the flyweight division, who defeated Benson Gicharu of Kenya before losing to Jasurbek Latipov of Uzbekistan in the round of 16. Yehia's most successful major international tournament had been the 2011 Pan Arab	Arab	PROPN	Games	PROPN	 Games
" Bad Day " received a three times platinum certification from the Recording Industry Association of America (RIAA) for digital sales of over 3 million in September 2009. It was the seventh most played song on the American radio in 2006, and was the number one	one	NUM	song	NOUN	 song
Thereafter, Motion records, she disappeared, " to be mentioned only fleetingly in later accounts of his university life... She ended up as an occasional comic reminder of lost youth ". The works which Larkin attributed to Brunette Coleman comprise a short piece of supposed autobiography	autobiography	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
Some post 1991 revelations suggest that prisoners were also executed in the same manner at the NKVD headquarters in Smolensk, though judging by the way that the corpses were stacked, some captives may have been shot while standing on the edge of the mass graves. This procedure	procedure	NOUN	went	VERB	 went
Across the country, local, state, and the Supreme Councils offered rewards to anyone who could prove that the widely circulated oath was authentic. No one could, but that did not stop the Klan from continuing to publish and distribute copies. Numerous state councils and	and	CCONJ	the	DET	 the
Possessing a photographic memory, top athletic ability, and proficiency with most firearms, he has little difficulty distinguishing himself as a member of the NSS. Assuming the codename " TK1 " during operations, he is frequently paired with his brother and colleague Jin Sa woo.	.	PUNCT	Kim	PROPN	 Kim
This arrangement was not permanent, and Longchamp outmanoeuvered Hugh to become sole justiciar by the middle of 1190. Longchamp arrested Hugh for overstepping his authority and made him surrender his castle, his earldom and hostages, although the real cause wasn't overstepping authority but Longchamp's	's	PART	animosity	NOUN	 animosity
It replaced an earlier church on the spot which was originally built in 1656 and destroyed by the Russians in 1716 at the time when Kajaani castle was destroyed. The second church was built 1734 35 which served the parish for 160 years until replaced with Ahrenberg's new	new	ADJ	church	NOUN	 church
The ceilings of the drawing room and library are the most elaborate in the house. The plaster frieze in the library also displays fine workmanship; 1 foot 7 inches (0.48 m) wide, it is designed in a striking arabesque pattern, with an evident Florentine	Florentine	PROPN	influence	NOUN	 influence
At the local level, NFL games were the highest ranked shows in NFL markets 92% of the time. Super Bowls account for the 22 most watched programs (based on total audience) in US history, including a record 167 million people that watched Super Bowl	Bowl	PROPN	XLVIII	PROPN	 XLVIII
The western ridgeline of the Metacomet Ridge begins in New Haven, Connecticut, as West Rock Ridge and continues as Sleeping Giant, Mount Sanford, Peck Mountain, and Prospect Ridge, for a distance of 16 miles (26 km) before diminishing into a series of	of	ADP	low	ADJ	 low
A smoking arquebus was discovered in a window, but the culprit had made his escape from the rear of the building on a waiting horse. Coligny was carried to his lodgings at the Hôtel de Béthisy, where the surgeon Ambroise Paré removed a bullet from his elbow	elbow	NOUN	and	CCONJ	 and
The Roe family and its descendants of Withdean are also represented. William Roe and his son William Thomas Roe were closely involved with the former Board of Customs (now Her Majesty's Customs and Excise); William Roe was its chairman for 14 years. William Thomas	Thomas	PROPN	Roe	PROPN	 Roe
Coyne defended his position by giving public speeches, to the dismay of the government. The Cabinet was also angered when it learned that Coyne and his board had passed amendments to the bank's pension scheme which greatly increased Coyne's pension, without publishing the amendments in	in	ADP	the	DET	 the
Wiggins was wearing the rainbow jersey of the world time trial champion in a race for the first time and was riding a road bike with modifications for better aerodynamics. The first fast time was set by Lars Boom, who took 14 ' 33 " to complete the	the	DET	course	NOUN	 course
MTV said that " Miles Away ", the third single from the album, was the most deceptively simple track because although it appeared straightforward on the surface, it had a lot of technical tricks underneath it. The song departs from the dance theme of the album	album	NOUN	and	CCONJ	 and
" Having been a success in London for nearly a year, Little Tich travelled to Scotland to appear in pantomime for the first time during the 1885 – 86 Christmas season. Robinson Crusoe opened at the Royal Princess Theatre in Glasgow and he appeared in the small role	role	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
The Great Wall was designated as a UNESCO World Heritage Site in 1987. However, while tourism boomed over the years, slipshod restoration methods have left sections of the Great Wall near Beijing " looking like a Hollywood set " in the words of the National Geographic News	News	PROPN	.	PUNCT	.
Other units at Horn Island included No. 28 Operational Base Unit, which had been located there since being formed in May 1942; No. 112 Mobile Fighter Sector Headquarters (formerly No. 12 Mobile Fighter Sector Headquarters); and a detachment of No. 7	7	NUM	Squadron	PROPN	 Squadron
Because of this, no one was allowed to mock, kill, or eat one. There are also widespread fady about indri and sifakas. They are often protected from hunting and consumption because of their resemblance to humans and their ancestors, mostly due to their large	large	ADJ	size	NOUN	 size
The volcano is basaltic andesitic in composition. It is a modest stratovolcano, rising no more than 1,683 feet (513 m) above sea level. The volcanic crater is distinct, and has erupted in historical times, only " blocky " lava flows. Charles Wood	Wood	PROPN	and	CCONJ	 and
He spends much of his fortune bribing Nazi officials and buying shell casings from other companies; his factory does not produce any usable armaments during its seven months of operation. Schindler runs out of money in 1945, just as Germany surrenders, ending the war in Europe	Europe	PROPN	.	PUNCT	.
In Division I and Division III National Collegiate Athletic Association (NCAA) hockey, the fighters are given a Game Disqualification, which is an ejection from the game and a suspension for as many games as the player has accrued Game Disqualifications during the course of a season	season	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
Each team sent a squad of nine riders, which meant that the race started with a peloton of 180 cyclists. The presentation of the teams – where each team's roster and manager are introduced in front the media and local dignitaries – took place at the Verona	Verona	PROPN	Arena	PROPN	 Arena
Hall of Fame received generally positive reviews from critics. At Metacritic, the album received an average score of 72, based on 14 reviews. The album debuted at number 3 on the US Billboard 200, selling 72,000 copies in its first week. As of February	February	PROPN	2015	NUM	 2015
Antonucci went on to found a.k.a Cartoon, Inc., with which he would create The Brothers Grunt and the Cartoon Network classic Ed, Edd n Eddy. Upon its release, Lupo the Butcher was a successful short and has earned itself a cult following. Eric Fogel	Fogel	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
The investigation uncovered a September 25, 1984, invoice from the American Type Culture Collection of microbes, showing an order received by the Rajneeshpuram laboratory for Salmonella typhi, the bacterium that causes the life threatening illness typhoid fever. According to a 1994 study published in the	the	DET	journal	NOUN	 journal
Ryan was born in Lincoln, Nebraska. Throughout his early life, his family moved frequently through Illinois, Florida, New York, Wisconsin, and Massachusetts. He graduated from Campion Jesuit High School in Prairie du Chien, Wisconsin, in 1943. He then received	received	VERB	V	PROPN	 V
Hearing a rumour that customs officers were waiting in Sydney for him, Barnes disembarked at Melbourne and travelled to Sydney by train. The move worked and he sold his stock at a substantial profit, conservatively estimated to be equal to his tour fee. Upon returning to	to	ADP	Australia	PROPN	 Australia
The width of a given wall was determined by its place in a structure. The first story of a two story wall is always wider than the second. Chacoan walls are often called core and veneer, but only the widest walls had cores. The Chacoans tried	tried	VERB	to	PART	 to
However the Byrds ' recording of the song does not appear in the film, instead an acoustic version credited to McGuinn alone was used. However the Byrds ' song " Wasn't Born to Follow " from The Notorious Byrd Brothers album was featured in Easy Rider and	and	CCONJ	also	ADV	 also
Whitby grew significantly as a port as a result of the alum trade and by importing coal from the Durham coalfield to process it. Whitby grew in size and wealth, extending its activities to include shipbuilding using local oak timber. In 1790 – 91 Whitby built 11,754	11,754	NUM	tons	NOUN	 tons
All elements of the skeleton are now known. The finds by Sole differ from the neotype in details of the armour and might represent a separate taxon or reflect sexual dimorphism. Scelidosaurus harrisonii, named and described by Owen, is currently the only recognized species, based	based	VERB	on	ADP	 on
They reported that the " lines of accountability were complex and insufficiently clear ", that no project costs were obtained by the National Assembly, independent of RRP, until December 2000, and that the project " was highly susceptible to cost over runs ". The report	report	NOUN	recommended	VERB	 recommended
The complex formed by lead (II) nitrate, lead (II) perchlorate and a bithiazole bidentate N donor ligand is binuclear, with a nitrate group bridging the lead atoms with coordination number of 5 and 6. One interesting aspect of this type of complexes is	is	AUX	the	DET	 the
Her transformation from the cocky and unabashed prostitute to a sensitive and warm person is amazingly believable. " In 2002, Zinta collaborated once again with director Kundan Shah, as the protagonist in the family drama Dil Hai Tumhaara, alongside Rekha, Mahima Chaudhry and Arjun Rampal	Rampal	PROPN	.	PUNCT	.
In the 21st century it is managed by English Heritage and operated as a tourist attraction, receiving 22,207 visitors in 2010. Historic England consider the castle to form " one of the best preserved and best known examples " of King Henry's forts. Portland Castle was	was	AUX	built	VERB	 built
This film also expresses nostalgia through the longing of nature and the natural world, as it is the sight and feeling of soil, and the plant brought back to the space ship by EVE, that make the captain decide it is time for humans to move back	back	ADV	to	ADP	 to
During their attack at Arras, the British lost 316 air crews and the Canadians lost 114 compared to 44 lost by the Germans. This became known to the RFC as Bloody April. The same month, French General Robert Nivelle ordered a new offensive against the German	German	ADJ	trenches	NOUN	 trenches
Among Nieuwendyk's decisions in his first two seasons as general manager was to allow popular former captain Mike Modano to leave the organization after 22 years with the franchise in 2010. Nieuwendyk stated such moves were difficult, as he played with Modano and considered him a friend	friend	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
Cal Poly Pomona students who wish to change majors to an impacted program must meet supplemental requirements required for that major. Requesting a change to an impacted majors must be received by the end of the initial filing period for the term for which new majors are being accepted	accepted	VERB	(	PUNCT	 (
It is recommended that opioids and barbiturates not be used due to questionable efficacy and the risk of rebound headache. Ibuprofen improves pain in children with migraines. Paracetamol does not appear to be effective in providing pain relief. Triptans are effective, though there is a risk	risk	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
It was launched in support of her studio albums... Baby One More Time (1999) and Oops!... I Did It Again (2000). The tour was designed as a continuation of the... Baby One More Time Tour and a prelude to the Oops	Oops	PROPN	!	PUNCT	!
Nolan uses multi camera for stunts and single camera for all the dramatic action, from which he will then watch dailies every night; " Shooting single camera means I've already seen every frame as it's gone through the gate because my attention isn't divided to	to	PART	multi	VERB	 multi
The state highway runs 23.72 miles (38.17 km) from U.S. Route 50 Business (US 50 Business) in Salisbury east to US 50 in Berlin. MD 346 is the old alignment of US 50 between Salisbury and Berlin, connecting those cities with Parsonsburg, Pittsville	Pittsville	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
The formula also predicts that when the contact angle is 0°, the liquid will spread out into a micro thin layer over the surface. Such a surface is said to be fully wettable by the liquid. In day to day life all of us observe that	that	SCONJ	a	DET	 a
He made his second debut for the club four days later, scoring with a header in the 80th minute to ensure Cheltenham picked up their first win of the 2008 – 09 season with a 2 – 0 win against Swindon Town. Myrie Williams made five appearances for	for	ADP	Cheltenham	PROPN	 Cheltenham
Bukovsky was among the first 34 signatories of " Putin must go ", an online anti Putin manifesto published on 10 March 2010. In May 2012 Vladimir Putin began his third term as president of the Russian Federation after serving four years as the country's prime minister	minister	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
Victoria dreaded the long Russian winter with its short days, and she traveled abroad frequently visiting her sister Marie in Romania and her mother in the south of France or in Coburg. Victoria and her husband had a close relationship with their daughters, Maria and Kira.	.	PUNCT	The	DET	 The
" When the spear point was withdrawn, Epaminondas quickly expired. In accordance with Greek custom, he was buried on the battlefield. In matters of character, Epaminondas was above reproach in the eyes of the ancient historians who recorded his deeds. Contemporaries praised him for	for	ADP	disdaining	VERB	 disdaining
Mark Wright of The Stage gave a favourable review of the episode. He referred to his review of " Midnight ", when he said that it was Davies ' best script so far and wondered if Davies would better it with the last three episodes, and wrote	wrote	VERB	that	SCONJ	 that
Where these two freeways merge is the busiest portion of I 70 in the state, with an annual average daily traffic of 183,000 vehicles per day. While State Highway 470 and E 470 are not officially branches of I 70, they are remnants of plans for an	an	DET	I	PROPN	 I
" On 3 February 1852, in the Battle of Caseros, they faced Rosas and his army. The allies were victorious, Rosas fled to the United Kingdom, and Marques de Sousa acquired his carriage as a war trophy. On 3 March 1852, Marques de	de	PROPN	Sousa	PROPN	 Sousa
In 1983 the Manpower Services Commission, which had a remit to co ordinate employment and training services in the United Kingdom, agreed to employ 50 men on work that included restoration of Aldermaston Lock, its adjacent wharf, and Widmead Lock. The restoration of the Dundas	Dundas	PROPN	Aqueduct	PROPN	 Aqueduct
Dreadnot (Dana Snyder) is a teacher at Harry S. Apocalypse who finds joy in torturing and invoking pain into his students. Their principal, Thunderbite (also voiced by Snyder), is an oversized, skull shaped robot who, when not causing pain, acts	acts	VERB	sweet	ADJ	 sweet
Georgia Tech's 2006 season began with a tough game against No. 2 Notre Dame. Though the Yellow Jackets lost 14 10, they took an early 10 0 lead over heavily favored Notre Dame until the Fighting Irish scored 14 unanswered points to win the game.	.	PUNCT	Tech	NOUN	 Tech
Angelina attempted to seduce Kevin, making Chloe hate her. Angelo put Kevin in charge of keeping Angelina safe from her dangerous ex boyfriend Carmine Basco (Marco Dapper). Devon found out that Angelina sang well only if staring into Kevin's eyes. At Kevin and	and	CCONJ	Chloe	PROPN	 Chloe
The first ultraviolet spectrum of the Sun was obtained in 1946, and the National Aeronautics and Space Administration (NASA) launched the Orbiting Solar Observatory (OSO) to obtain UV, X ray, and gamma ray spectra in 1962. An orbiting solar telescope was launched	launched	VERB	in	ADP	 in
He declined, and the appointment went to Francis Beaufort on Heywood's recommendation. After a brief period ashore in 1805 – 6 Heywood was appointed flag captain to Rear Admiral Sir George Murray, aboard HMS Polyphemus. In March 1802 Murray's squadron was employed in the	the	DET	transportation	NOUN	 transportation
Posing for the photographer, Madonna looks towards the camera with challenge in her eyes thus depicting sexual aggression. At one moment in the video, she starts spraying graffiti over some lifeless classical statues thus portraying herself as a transgressor who breaks rules and attempts at innovation.	.	PUNCT	With	ADP	 With
In that interview, he said, " The entire state of Idaho was threatening to shut down the Parks department, and Idaho is essentially just one large park. " That line, almost verbatim, was used in the script when Ben explained to Leslie the seriousness	seriousness	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
In contrast, M. ingens has a weaker, dark brown tuft. Macrotarsomys petteri has a large and robust skull with well developed zygomatic arches (cheekbones). The interorbital region of the skull (between the eyes) is smooth, as in M. ingens, and	and	CCONJ	lacks	VERB	 lacks
Some consider these first two novels little more than apprentice works, while others see them in light of the later works, removed from their historical and social context. Critics have been divided on whether Barth identified with the narrator's beliefs; this appeared probable to John	John	PROPN	Gardner	PROPN	 Gardner
The game revolves around the player tending to a neglected garden in Piñata Island, in which different variations of piñatas must be bred whilst fending off disruptive interlopers. The project was headed by Gregg Mayles and the team behind the Banjo Kazooie series, based on an idea	idea	NOUN	from	ADP	 from
A report into the experience of refugees resettled in Brighton and Hove under the scheme between October 2006 and October 2007 was published by the Sussex Centre for Migration Research at the University of Sussex in December 2007. The report found that the refugees had struggled to gain employment	employment	NOUN	and	CCONJ	 and
Sullivan's old collaborator on Cox and Box (later the editor of Punch magazine), F. C. Burnand, wrote to the composer: " Magnificento!... I envy you and W.S.G. being able to place a piece like this on the stage in so complete a	a	DET	fashion	NOUN	 fashion
It was a runner up in the RPG category for IGN's Best of E3 Awards at the Electronic Entertainment Expo video game convention in 2008. Reviewers were in favor of Storm of Zehir's focus on exploration and the ability to postpone or ignore the game's main	main	ADJ	storyline	NOUN	 storyline
" Dylan's two previous albums, The Times They Are A Changin ' and Another Side of Bob Dylan both ended with a farewell song, " Restless Farewell " and " It Ain't Me, Babe " respectively. " It's All Over Now, Baby	Baby	PROPN	Blue	PROPN	 Blue
As part of the fiscal year 1990 budget, Cheney assessed the requests from each of the branches of the armed services for such expensive programs as the Avenger II Naval attack aircraft, the B 2 stealth bomber, the V 22 Osprey tilt wing helicopter, the Aegis	Aegis	PROPN	destroyer	NOUN	 destroyer
The Order of the Liberator General San Martín (Orden del Libertador General San Martín), created in his honor, is the highest decoration conferred by the Argentine government. José de San Martín was the fifth and last son of Juan de San Martín, an unsuccessful	unsuccessful	ADJ	Spanish	ADJ	 Spanish
The event opened with a ten bell salute to Chris Candido while a photo of Candido, a pair of boots, and one half of the NWA World Tag Team Championship positioned on a steel chair sat in the center of the ring. The first match to take	take	VERB	place	NOUN	 place
More assertive criticism was directed toward Stowe's portrayals of the local Mandarin blacks. Cambridge Introduction to Literature author Sarah Robbins called it " downright offensive " and declared that Stowe negated her own attempts to persuade her readers that emancipated slaves were industrious and could assist in rebuilding	rebuilding	VERB	the	DET	 the
Despite the acclaim from many contemporary reviewers, modern scholars of the silent film era would not consider The Carpet from Bagdad a masterpiece, according to the British Film Institute's Clyde Jeavons. Like many films from the silent era, The Carpet from Bagdad was believed completely	completely	ADV	lost	VERB	 lost
" Invisible " is ballad describing loneliness and heartache of going unnoticed. Sean Dooley of About.com writes, the " piano driven song [...] perfectly captures the awkward teenage angst we all endure — or have endured — at one time or another. " While recording	recording	VERB	her	PRON	 her
Other official promotional partners included Burger King, Dr. Pepper, 7 Eleven, and Visa. In May 2011 Marvel Entertainment's President of Print, Animation and Digital, Dan Buckley, and Marvel Comics Editor In Chief, Axel Alonso, rang the NYSE closing bell in	in	ADP	celebration	NOUN	 celebration
In 1908 artist Harry Pettit produced a romantic interpretation of a future New York, filled with giant skyscrapers supporting aerial bridges and receiving dirigibles from around the globe. Amongst the architectural community, the Exposition in Chicago inspired many in America to champion designing cities that had a	a	DET	unified	ADJ	 unified
The decision by the Waffen SS to form and train the division outside Bosnia was contrary to advice given by the NDH's German plenipotentiary general, Edmund Glaise von Horstenau. This advice soon proved prophetic. On 9 August 1943, Oberst Karl Gustav Sauberzweig took command of	of	ADP	the	DET	 the
Television columnist Alan Sepinwall of The Star Ledger opined that this episode " made the best use yet of Cheyenne Jackson's Danny ", and that he for once enjoyed " Jenna's narcissism and self delusion " subplot, and her " late attempt " to seem young	young	ADJ	.	PUNCT	.
In addition, Michigan participates in the Great Lakes Circle Tour program, signing tours along the state maintained highway closest to Michigan's Great Lakes shorelines. The Michigan Heritage Route System was created in 1993 to highlight trunklines with historic, recreational or scenic qualities; the name	name	NOUN	was	AUX	 was
In February 2013, the S III won the " Best Smartphone " award from the GSMA at Mobile World Congress. On 5 June 2012, Apple filed for preliminary injunctions in the United States District Court for the Northern District of California against Samsung Electronics, claiming the	the	DET	S	PROPN	 S
Eventually the courts ruled in favor of the network. Several of the show's original writers who had worked on The Simpsons since the first season had left following the completion of season four. David Mirkin took over as showrunner and executive producer for the fifth and sixth	sixth	ADJ	season	NOUN	 season
Visually, Marceline has long, dark hair. She rarely walks on the ground, generally preferring to float when she travels, moves, and sleeps. Marceline, unlike many of the other characters, wears varying outfits in most of her appearances. According to Ward	Ward	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
They had applied again and were expected to enter the league that season. As well another new team, the Nordic Vikings, was expected to join the league. The Nordic Vikings were a Swedish Chinese joint venture that saw the team based in Beijing. As part	part	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
Hot Jupiters are expected to be quite dark due to sodium and potassium in their atmospheres but it is not known why TrES 2b is so dark — it could be due to an unknown chemical. For gas giants, geometric albedo generally decreases with increasing metallicity or atmospheric	atmospheric	ADJ	temperature	NOUN	 temperature
This anger contributed to the severity of the actions when a joint British Seneca Mohawk force attacked Cherry Valley, and were reported to massacre 30 noncombatants. The severity of the frontier war in 1778 led to calls by the Continental Congress for a response. In 1779 General	General	PROPN	Washington	PROPN	 Washington
Certain events can take place while managing the tower. For example, terrorists may phone the player to let them know that they have hidden a bomb in the building, and that they demand a ransom. If the ransom is not paid, then security services must	must	AUX	find	VERB	 find
Ryan Reed from Billboard echoed this sentiment, praising the sonic variety of the song. Emily Zemler, also writing for Billboard, cited the track as the best showcase for the " expansively epic tone " of the album. Chris Maguire of AltSounds regarded " Up in	in	ADP	the	DET	 the
In the control room of Project Purity, the Lone Wanderer confronts Colonel Autumn, and has the choice to persuade him to give up or kill him. Dr. Li informs the Wanderer that the purifier is ready to be activated, but the activation code must be input	input	NOUN	manually	ADV	 manually
A similar update in August 2013 as part of YouTube's " Geek Week " added two easter eggs, one that would cause ponies to cross the screen on searching for " bronies ", and a second that, if searching on a number of different pony names	names	NOUN	like	ADP	 like
This is also where it passes the intersection of the western terminus of IL 60 and then narrows down to two lanes. The road then runs past the Baxter Healthcare facility and proceeds into the Round Lake area where it goes by the Nippersink Forest Preserve on the north	north	NOUN	and	CCONJ	 and
According to the National Weather service, Erie was just ahead of Syracuse, NY by 6 inches of snow. As of the 2010 United States Census, there were 101,786 people, 40,913 households, and 22,915 families residing in the city. There were 44,790 housing units	units	NOUN	at	ADP	 at
An upper level low connected to a trough weakened the ridge over China, allowing Kammuri to move slowly northward. Continued wind shear initially prevented the thunderstorms from being located over the center, although the shear gradually decreased, allowing the convection to organize. Kammuri quickly intensified	intensified	VERB	into	ADP	 into
Close analysis of the soil immediately below the skeleton revealed that the man had been infested with roundworm parasites at the time of his death. The excavators found an iron object under the skeleton's vertebrae and speculated it might be an arrowhead that had been embedded in its	its	PRON	back	NOUN	 back
Malta lay across their lines of communication and, despite being under siege for two and a half years, it remained an active base for Allied naval and air forces to interdict Axis supply lines for much of this period. Yet Rommel failed to apply enough pressure on	on	ADP	the	DET	 the
In many baboon species, immigrant alpha males often practice infanticide upon arrival in a new troop. By killing unrelated infants, the new male shortens the time until he can mate with the females of the troop. A female with dependent offspring generally does not become sexually	sexually	ADV	receptive	ADJ	 receptive
The final go ahead, eventually supported by the Foreign Office, was not given until 6 January 1942, on the grounds that suspicion of British involvement in the raid was inevitable; what counted was the avoidance of any tangible proof. As a safeguard the Admiralty also	also	ADV	dispatched	VERB	 dispatched
In 1977, ALDOT publicly unveiled the final routing of the route and presented it at a series of public meetings in August 1977. The selected route resulted in the slight relocation of 35th Street, the construction of a bridge along 31st Street over the freeway and the	the	DET	construction	NOUN	 construction
The changeover period during which the former currencies ' notes and coins were exchanged for those of the euro lasted about two months, going from 1 January 2002 until 28 February 2002. The official date on which the national currencies ceased to be legal tender varied from member	member	NOUN	state	NOUN	 state
The engines were rated at 2,000 indicated horsepower (1,500 kW), but only managed to reach 1,807 ihp (1,347 kW) at maximum power. With the new boilers, the engines reached 2,376 ihp (1,772 kW). Her top speed as designed was to	to	PART	have	AUX	 have
On 20 October, Müller decided it was time to move to a new area of operations. Müller decided his next course of action would be a surprise attack on Penang in British Malaya. Emden coaled in the Nicobar Islands and departed for Penang on the night of	of	ADP	27	NUM	 27
The rocket lands in the Hipparchus Crater, with Tintin being the first human to step on the Moon. Three days later, Haddock, Wolff and Tintin take the battery powered tank to explore some stalactite caves in the direction of the Ptolemaeus Crater; inside a cave	cave	NOUN	Snowy	PROPN	 Snowy
It inhabits most oceans and adjoining seas, and prefers deep offshore waters. It avoids polar and tropical waters and semi enclosed bodies of water. The sei whale migrates annually from cool and subpolar waters in summer to winter in temperate and subtropical waters. Reaching 19.5 metres	metres	NOUN	(	PUNCT	 (
Ernst and Zug et al. 1996 list a value of 0.225 mg / kg SC. According to Brown and Fry of the Australian Venom and Toxin Database, the murine intraperitoneal LD50 value is 0.324 mg / kg. The average venom yield per bite is 571 mg	mg	NOUN	and	CCONJ	 and
Using Mendeleev's nomenclature for unnamed and undiscovered elements, livermorium is sometimes called eka polonium. In 1979 IUPAC recommended that the placeholder systematic element name ununhexium (with the corresponding symbol of Uuh) be used until the discovery of the element was confirmed and a name was	was	AUX	decided	VERB	 decided
Ventrally, the antorbital fossa was bounded by a prominent bony ridge, to which the animal's fleshy cheek would have been attached. The proportionally large lower temporal fenestra was egg shaped and tilted back, and located behind the eye opening. The elliptical upper temporal fenestra	fenestra	NOUN	was	AUX	 was
Most of the interchanges in Toronto were reconstructed as partial cloverleafs and a continuous lighting system was installed. On January 11, 1965, at the dinner celebration of Sir John A. Macdonald's 150th birthday, John Robarts designated Highway 401 the Macdonald – Cartier Freeway to honour	honour	VERB	Macdonald	PROPN	 Macdonald
Kenneth Tompkins Bainbridge was born in Cooperstown, New York, the second of three sons of William Warin Bainbridge and Mary Grinnell Tompkins. He was educated at Horace Mann School in New York. While at high school he developed an interest in ham radio which inspired him	him	PRON	to	PART	 to
Makemake, however, is a member of the " dynamically hot " class of classical KBOs, meaning that it has a high inclination compared to others in its population. Makemake is, probably coincidentally, near the 11: 6 resonance with Neptune. Makemake is currently	currently	ADV	visually	ADV	 visually
Other requirements were a weight of up to 1,000 lb (450 kg), a length of up to 144 in (3.7 m), and a diameter up to 28 in (710 mm) (the same as Red Beard). However, a ministerial	ministerial	ADJ	ruling	NOUN	 ruling
The same agency made 22 other counties, including Broward, eligible for loans due to their proximity to the disaster areas. As an extratropical storm, Leslie produced winds of around 40 mph (65 km / h) while making landfall in Newfoundland. It also caused	caused	VERB	waves	NOUN	 waves
Markets outside North America Outside North America, the film opened with $88.0 million from 7,173 theaters in just 17 markets. It was in first place at the box office outside North America for four consecutive weekends. Its three largest markets are the UK, Ireland and	and	CCONJ	Malta	PROPN	 Malta
The curse it issued before leaving – " Sair back and sair banes / Drivin ' the Laird o ' Morphies's stanes, / The Laird o ' Morphie'll never thrive / As lang's the kelpy is alive " – was popularly believed to have resulted in the	the	DET	extinction	NOUN	 extinction
Falklands ' 82 is a turn based strategy game focusing on land battles during the Falklands War. The player commands the British Task Force against the Argentine ground forces, who are occupying the islands. The game begins by allocating fifteen Royal Navy ships for the task force	force	NOUN	;	PUNCT	;
" If McClelland had ruled Holliday had not touched the plate during his slide Barrett would have had the chance to tag out Holliday, preventing the winning run. Colorado's win clinched the team's second post season berth in franchise history, and the first for their	their	PRON	first	ADJ	 first
" However, some critics felt that the band was excessive in its attempts to create a diverse work. Margaret Wappler of the Los Angeles Times believed that " Folie à Deux imagines itself in the stadium. [...] It's not that FOB can't have	have	VERB	grandiosity	NOUN	 grandiosity
Critics often considered the record as showcasing the potential high quality of remix albums, although some reviewers treated it as disjunct and a poor marketing decision. Bloc Party's critically acclaimed debut album Silent Alarm charted in 18 countries on four continents by the end of April 2005	2005	NUM	.	PUNCT	.
All genotypes appear to have the same risk of transmission. HCV infection is frequently found in children who have previously been presumed to have non A, non B hepatitis and cryptogenic liver disease. The presentation in childhood may be asymptomatic or with elevated liver function tests.	.	PUNCT	While	SCONJ	 While
This extension was designed to connect the southern and northern segments of CR 492 severed by traffic flow changes along US 41 / M 28. Traffic wishing to cross between the two segments needs to follow US 41 / M 28 to a median turn around in a maneuver	maneuver	NOUN	similar	ADJ	 similar
The resulting Battle of Fromelles was an unmitigated disaster. In one night, the 5th Division sustained 5,533 casualties, while the 61st Division lost 1,547. Haking was principally responsible but McCay bore some of the blame. He made tactical errors; his order to vacate the	the	DET	first	ADJ	 first
Boris stormed Hungary and took the fortress of Pressburg (present day Bratislava in Slovakia). The royal forces soon imposed a blockade on the fortress and convinced Boris's mercenaries to surrender without resistance in exchange for compensation. The Hungarians blamed Conrad III for Boris's attack	attack	NOUN	and	CCONJ	 and
Archeologist Stephen H. Lekson believes Chetro Ketl was a palace inhabited by Chacoan royalty, and the scale of its construction was motivated by what architects call " massing ": building imposing structures with the intent to impress onlookers. The building has deteriorated significantly since its rediscovery in	in	ADP	the	DET	 the
Macmillan's stated goal was to delay ratification of the Hague Convention, and to make certain that a woman's nationality would not change without her consent, and that the nationality of a couple's children would not be more influenced by the father's nationality. The	The	DET	new	ADJ	 new
The gaol gradually slowed its operations, and demolished portions of the original site between 1880 and 1924. In 1924, the gaol was finally closed. However, in March 1927, the Old Melbourne Gaol was integrated into part of the new Emily McPherson College, and	and	CCONJ	was	AUX	 was
It is located along George Street near the corner with Hamilton Street at the side of the car park to Kirkpatrick Chapel, to the northwest of Old Queens and Geology Hall. The two story Greek Revival building of the observatory was designed by architect Willard Smith after the	the	DET	Tower	PROPN	 Tower
HBO released an abridged soundtrack album, featuring 14 tracks from True Detective's first two seasons, on August 14, 2015 through physical media and iTunes. Commentators noted the appearance of masculinity within True Detective, especially as it pertains to its portrayal of women. Christopher	Christopher	PROPN	Lirette	PROPN	 Lirette
It opened again at another cinema, where it ran for seven weeks. A delay in subtitling led to the postponement of the UK release until December 1957. It went on to achieve great success in the US in 1958, running for eight months at the Fifth	Fifth	PROPN	Avenue	PROPN	 Avenue
' I helped title the movie, but that's it. " Of the car chases, Tarantino stated, " CGI for car stunts doesn't make any sense to me — how is that supposed to be impressive? [...] I don't think there	there	PRON	have	AUX	 have
Garfield advocated agricultural technology, an educated electorate, and civil rights for African Americans. He also proposed substantial civil service reform, eventually passed by Congress in 1883 and signed into law by his successor, Chester A. Arthur, as the Pendleton Civil Service Reform Act.	.	PUNCT	With	SCONJ	 With
It was designed with the Xbox 360 controller in mind; for example, the A button is used for selecting units. A single tap of the button selects one unit, while a double tap selects all units of the same type. The d pad navigates to	to	ADP	current	ADJ	 current
" Time Capsule " received generally positive reviews. Alex Strachan of the Montreal Gazette called it a " near perfect episode " featuring brisk timing, laugh out loud jokes and heartwarming moments of civic unity. Strachan praised Michael Schur's script for being " funny without being	being	AUX	hurtful	ADJ	 hurtful
Myers described how the controlling could be done remotely by transmitting waves of light from a distance. Myers and his wife did the first balloon ascension on the Fair grounds on July 4 to race the aeronaut Tracy A. Tisdell to draw crowds. A second ascension was done	done	VERB	by	ADP	 by
The episode was written by Graham Wagner. It was directed by Jon Favreau. It originally aired on NBC on February 14, 2013. The episode guest stars Bob Odenkirk, Mary Gillis, Collette Wolfe, and Andy Buckley. The episode also features the return of	of	ADP	former	ADJ	 former
The area is served by Stagecoach Cumbria service, 7A and X7 as well as various school services. There are plans to construct a crossing over the Duddon between Askam and Millom to reduce the long journey times between Furness and Copeland, due to the circuitous route of	of	ADP	the	DET	 the
The clip was made available at iTunes Stores as part of the album's release on December 13, 2013. The video was positively reviewed by critics who complimented Beyoncé's acting and the cohesion between the clip and the song's message. It won in the categories	categories	NOUN	for	ADP	 for
" Kenny Gattison, the Charlotte Hornets ' player representative, went so far as to blame the entire lockout on Falk. " I think this whole thing has been manufactured by David Falk ", Gattison told The Charlotte Observer Friday night. " The guys he used	used	VERB	to	PART	 to
Madness played two dates in December 2008, firstly in Manchester on 18 December, and secondly a return gig to The O2 in London on the 19th. In December 2008 the band also announced that for their 30th anniversary in 2009, they would be staging a fifth	fifth	ADJ	Madstock	PROPN	 Madstock
The Courier must also enter Oliver's compound where they have the choice to either convince him to retreat for the sake of his men, or they can kill him. The Legion seizes Hoover Dam, forcing the NCR to retreat, allowing Caesar's Legion to gain	gain	VERB	control	NOUN	 control
The producers felt that her impression sounded out of place so she ended up using a more normal sounding voice. It was Gewirtz who in this episode gave Milhouse his last name, Van Houten, which he got from one of his wife's friends. Director Mark	Mark	PROPN	Kirkland	PROPN	 Kirkland
Cheerleading coach Sue Sylvester (Jane Lynch) observes that head cheerleader Quinn Fabray's (Dianna Agron) performance standards are slipping. When Quinn blames her tiredness on her glee club participation, Sue renews her resolve to destroy the club, planning to sabotage Will's personal	personal	ADJ	life	NOUN	 life
In 2001, the Blade was purchased by Window Media LLC, a group of gay oriented newspapers circulated throughout the United States with a staff composed of professional journalists, becoming a leading source of news for the readers both in Washington and around the nation. The paper	paper	NOUN	publishes	VERB	 publishes
Rhodes was offered a new contract by new Brentford manager Terry Butcher but turned it down and left the club on 25 June 2007. He played 65 games in all competitions for Brentford, but two thirds of those were as substitute, scoring just six goals. After	After	ADP	trials	NOUN	 trials
This one took a bit longer to find the lane. " Despite the album's long gestation period, McCoy was able to write some of the songs at a very rapid pace. The song " After Midnight " was written, recorded, and mixed in less	less	ADJ	than	ADP	 than
England had agreed to make a new ball available after every 55 overs, more often than the usual regulations at the time, thereby allowing the pair more frequent use of a shiny ball that swung at high pace. Bradman gave the duo lighter workloads in the tour	tour	NOUN	matches	NOUN	 matches
He was the third child, and first son, of František Smetana and his third wife Barbora Lynková. František had fathered eight children in two earlier marriages, five daughters surviving infancy; he and Barbora had ten more children, of whom seven reached adulthood. At	At	ADP	this	DET	 this
Averaging 19.0 points, 6.5 assists, and 3.1 rebounds, Lillard was unanimously named Rookie of the Year, joining Ralph Sampson, David Robinson, and Blake Griffin as the only unanimous selections in NBA history. Going into the 2013 NBA draft, the Trail Blazers held	held	VERB	four	NUM	 four
He used the concept to define the microcanonical, canonical, and grand canonical ensembles, thus obtaining a more general formulation of the statistical properties of many particle systems than Maxwell and Boltzmann had achieved before him. According to Henri Poincaré, writing in 1904, even though	though	SCONJ	Maxwell	PROPN	 Maxwell
Greg Kot of the Chicago Tribune said that the sweetness of Usher's falsetto balanced out the album's " boilerplate swagger. " Fraser McAlpine of BBC Music thought that the song recalled Usher's past slow jams, coining it, " a sumptuous deep pile carpet of	of	ADP	seductive	ADJ	 seductive
On 16 December 1944, Germany made a last attempt on the Western Front by using most of its remaining reserves to launch a massive counter offensive in the Ardennes to split the Western Allies, encircle large portions of Western Allied troops and capture their primary supply port at	at	ADP	Antwerp	PROPN	 Antwerp
Trickett claimed a considerable shortfall in gate money from spectator ships, and a public benefit concert was held for him by actor George Darrell. Others spoke up for Rush as a major financial loser from his endeavour. Most histories of professional Australian sculling commence with this event	event	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
Some accounts state that Stigand did appear at the council which deposed him, but nothing is recorded of any defence that he attempted. The charges against his brother are nowhere stated, leading to a belief that the depositions were mainly political. That spring he had deposited	deposited	VERB	his	PRON	 his
For the album, Anthony built a studio near his home. Around that time, he was involved in the production of Paul Simon's musical play The Capeman and had to record the album in three weeks. Anthony chose nine songs out of 1,300 samples. He	He	PRON	sent	VERB	 sent
Under the name piping shrike, the white backed magpie was declared the official emblem of the Government of South Australia in 1901 by Governor Tennyson, and has featured on the South Australian flag since 1904. The magpie is a commonly used emblem of sporting teams in Australia	Australia	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
In 1992, Dennis quit the role because he no longer felt challenged as an actor, he stated: " I was literally walking through it, I thought ' this is not good for acting, this doesn't keep me fresh at all, time to move	move	VERB	on	ADP	 on
This move also allowed for the fan conspiracy theories surrounding a possible real Stargate in the underground Cheyenne Mountain Complex to continue. The option to end the series with a two parter was considered but rejected, as Cooper felt this would have made the ending less special.	.	PUNCT	The	DET	 The
The Sum of All Fears received ambivalent reviews, but was a commercial success, earning $193 million at the box office. Her next role was as a CIA trainee in The Recruit (2003). The movie was not well received, with Mike Clark of	of	ADP	USA	PROPN	 USA
Running back Michael Bush was predicted to return to form after suffering a foot injury that kept him out of two games in November. Bush ran for 121 yards and three touchdowns against Connecticut, his first game back from the injury. Heading into the Gator Bowl,	,	PUNCT	Bush	PROPN	 Bush
Volunteer " assistants " or " contact persons " coordinate local activities, but they do not hold authority over other practitioners, regardless of how long they have practiced Falun Gong; they can not collect money, conduct healings, or teach or interpret doctrine for others.	.	PUNCT	Falun	PROPN	 Falun
Dollery's bat was about to start its downward swing by the time Lindwall's outswinger had passed him and hit the stumps. O'Reilly said that Dollery's inability to deal with Lindwall was typical of English cricket's lack of answers to express pace bowling. This was	was	AUX	part	NOUN	 part
Despite the uncertainly surrounding the inception of his reign, the chronicle reveals that Lagmann faced continued opposition from within his own family, in the form of an ongoing rebellion by his brother, Aralt. Lagmann eventually overcame Aralt, however, and is stated to have had	had	VERB	the	DET	 the
" The coffin was loaded on a hearse and carried to a gathering at Fairfield; much of the gathering was spent in silence. After the coffin was removed, the assembled began talking. Frazer recalled that each person remembered Cope differently, and " Few men succeeded	succeeded	VERB	so	ADV	 so
In administrative law, the two principles of natural justice, which constitute a framework for common law procedural rights, are the rule against bias (nemo iudex in causa sua, or " no man a judge in his own cause ") and the right to be	be	AUX	heard	VERB	 heard
The Nivelle Offensive in April and May had failed to achieve its more ambitious aims, led to the demoralisation of French troops and the dislocation of the Anglo French strategy for 1917. The offensive at Messines forced the Germans to move reserves to Flanders from the Arras and	and	CCONJ	Aisne	ADJ	 Aisne
The 2008 ball was only used once, and was placed on display at the Times Square Visitors Center following the event. For 2009, a larger version of the fifth ball was introduced — an icosahedral geodesic sphere lit by 32,256 LED lamps. Its diameter is twice	twice	ADV	as	ADV	 as
German aerial reconnaissance spotted Iron Duke and two decoy battleships in the harbour, and erroneously identified them as active units of the Home Fleet; under the mistaken impression that the heavy units of the Home Fleet were still in port, the German fleet commander, Günther Lütjens	Lütjens	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
In 1997, Pason called auto insurance " a regressive tax against working people ". Moore was also vocal of his support for public healthcare and socialized medicine. Moore believes that capitalism is a system based on both exploitation and selfishness, which operates to serve the interests	interests	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
As soon as the heaviest attacks subsided against the 25th Division, Walker ordered it to release the 5th Regimental Combat Team on September 7 to move to other engagements along the Pusan Perimeter. The continuing fighting north of Taegu made it necessary to move reserves there. That	That	DET	evening	NOUN	 evening
In some areas of Nayarit, flooding destroyed several areas of agriculture. Near Culiacán, 1,200 head of cattle were killed, and a 150 foot (46 m) television tower was blown over. Utility poles, snapped trees and branches, and shredded billboards littered strreets	strreets	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
He accumulated five fifties and four centuries; with the ball he took 10 or more wickets in four matches and had 14 five wicket hauls. His performance in 1904 earned him selection as one of Wisden's Cricketers of the Year; the citation noted he was more	more	ADV	likely	ADJ	 likely
Being a subjective term, it gives no firm information about its actual height or weight, but since the average horse of the time was 12 to 14 hands (48 to 56 inches, 122 to 142 cm), thus a " great horse " by medieval	medieval	ADJ	standards	NOUN	 standards
Segments therefore are distinguished by their distinct sounds which are a result of their different articulations, and they can be either vowels or consonants. Suprasegmental phenomena encompass such elements as stress, phonation type, voice timbre, and prosody or intonation, all of which may have	have	VERB	effects	NOUN	 effects
It was initially commanded by Captain Francis Grant and his deputy, and garrisoned with a porter, two soldiers and four gunners, equipped with up to five artillery pieces including a demi cannon and sakers. The invasion threat passed and in 1553 all of the blockhouses were	were	AUX	ordered	VERB	 ordered
Roberts ' detectives witness Frank Lucas ' cousin and driver shoot a woman and then use the threat of a long sentence to get him to wear a wire. The gathered information allows Roberts and his task force to identify and search one of the last planes carrying Lucas	Lucas	PROPN	'	PART	 '
In late September, Müller decided to bombard Madras. Müller believed the attack would demonstrate his freedom of maneuver and decrease British prestige with the local population. At around 20: 00 on 22 September, Emden entered the port, which was completely illuminated, despite the	the	DET	blackout	ADJ	 blackout
Following the re establishment at Richmond of No. 37 Squadron in February 1966, flying C 130E Hercules, No. 486 Squadron was re formed to provide maintenance for both Hercules squadrons. As No. 36 Squadron's tasking was mainly tactical and No. 37 Squadron	Squadron	PROPN	's	PART	's
(The word " tangent " derives from the Latin present participle, tangens, meaning " touching ".) In practice, two distinct circles are tangent if they intersect at only one point; if they intersect at zero or two points, they are not tangent	tangent	ADJ	.	PUNCT	.
The forecasts include weekly and monthly changes in significant factors that help determine the number of tropical storms, hurricanes, and major hurricanes within a particular year. According to NOAA and CSU, the average Atlantic hurricane season between 1981 and 2010 contained roughly 12 tropical storms,	,	PUNCT	six	NUM	 six
Sarah Rodman of The Boston Globe called it " a good start in the effort to refocus attention on Aguilera's skills ", but observed " several tracks that sound mindlessly repetitive as sedentary listening experiences ". Q called it " generic " and felt that " nothing	nothing	PRON	really	ADV	 really
The remaining cannons, meantime, continued firing at the fragile walls of the town. On 4 August, Barbarossa ordered an assault against the ruins of the fort, which was now completely shattered, with its casemates ruined. As a major point of the defense,	,	PUNCT	Sarmiento	PROPN	 Sarmiento
In 1998, an area (Lately Common) was further ceded to the Warrington borough – one of the few parts of England to have been in three different counties since the mid 20th century: Lancashire, then Greater Manchester, then Cheshire. Leigh's MP is	is	AUX	Andy	PROPN	 Andy
The 2 / 7th Infantry Battalion, however, still detached to the 15th Brigade, continued on with them and as a result remained in the thick of it until the end when Salamaua fell on 20 September. Meanwhile, the rest of the 17th Brigade was on	on	ADP	its	PRON	 its
While moving rapidly westward, the depression began disorganizing due to southwesterly wind shear. The depression degenerated into an open tropical wave on August 10, after a Hurricane Hunters flight failed to locate a closed circulation. Thus, the depression degenerated into an open tropical wave.	.	PUNCT	The	DET	 The
" Under instructions from the Admiralty, Curtis and the other officers judging the case found in Gambier's favour and the trial inevitably ended with the court pronouncing that Gambier's behaviour " was marked by zeal, judgement, ability, and an anxious attention to the welfare	welfare	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
Pedro Caro, 3rd Marquis of la Romana, died at Badajoz on 23 January 1811 in a fit of apoplexy, seized at the moment when he was leaving his house to concert a plan of military operations with Lord Wellington. In the Siege of Badajoz, a	a	DET	detachment	NOUN	 detachment
His children scattered his ashes on the Chatsworth estate in Derbyshire. The only memorial was a bench dedicated to him at his favourite fishing spot on the estate; the inscription reads " In Memory of a Fisherman ". Johnson's wartime record was 515 sorties flown,	,	PUNCT	34	NUM	 34
Both broached the side protection system — allowing 1,008 and 726 long tons (1,024 and 738 t) of water, respectively, to enter the ship — showing that the usual three compartment, all void system used in most Japanese battleships was an insufficient defense against modern	modern	ADJ	torpedoes	NOUN	 torpedoes
Combinations of various aromatic herbs, berries, and even ingredients like wormwood would be combined into a mixture known as gruit and used as hops are now used. Some beers today, such as Fraoch ' by the Scottish Heather Ales company and Cervoise Lancelot by the French	French	PROPN	Brasserie	PROPN	 Brasserie
33.1% of all households were made up of individuals and 6.5% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.26 and the average family size was 2.92. In the city the population was spread out with 19.7	19.7	NUM	%	NOUN	%
Brian Blessed, Andy Secombe, and Lewis MacLeod voice, respectively, Boss Nass, the leader of the Gungan tribe who allies with the Naboo, Watto, a junk dealer on Tatooine who owns Anakin and his mother as slaves, and Sebulba, an aggressive,	,	PUNCT	scheming	VERB	 scheming
North of Malibu, one structure fell into the ocean. The Los Angeles County Fire Department assisted with over 115 ocean rescues on August 26. More than 170 rescues were made the following day, including 73 at the famous surfing spot " The Wedge " in Newport	Newport	PROPN	Beach	PROPN	 Beach
" The author summarizes Karen Blixen's short story " Babette's Feast ", which was adapted into a 1987 Danish film. The story is set in a fishing village where the inhabitants avoid all pleasure for religious reasons. Two sisters take in Babette, a Parisian	Parisian	ADJ	refugee	NOUN	 refugee
Synthesizer sounds were added by producer Brian Eno on a Yamaha DX7 keyboard, including a " squishy, mad synth sound " that connected the different segments of the soundcheck. The Edge later added guitar tracks, as well as additional sounds to the song using an EMS	EMS	PROPN	Synthi	PROPN	 Synthi
He may instead have based his account on other sources or even hearsay. If Hahn's account is disregarded, the Mascarene parrot probably became extinct prior to 1800. The last account of wild specimens on Réunion is from the 1770s. It is thought that the Mascarene	Mascarene	PROPN	parrot	ADV	 parrot
In early March 1846 the party was halted for 10 days by heavy rain at a wooded area known as Richardson's Point. Some of the first deaths of the pioneers occurred at this location. Chariton River Crossing (80 miles (129 km) west) —	—	PUNCT	The	DET	 The
When part of a lava dome collapses while it still contains molten rock and gases, it can produce a pyroclastic flow, a super heated mix of gas, ash, and pumice. Characteristics of lava dome eruptions include shallow, long period and hybrid seismic activity,	,	PUNCT	which	PRON	 which
As it is part of the UCI World Tour, the 17 UCI WorldTeams were automatically invited and obliged to send a team to Liège – Bastogne – Liège. The race organisers (ASO, which also organises the Tour de France) also made eight wildcard invitations to	to	ADP	UCI	PROPN	 UCI
Together with the ditch's profile, which is U shaped rather than the V shape typically used in military ditches and defences, this suggests that the purpose of the earthwork was to mark a territorial boundary. The conclusion of the project was that the ditch was probably	probably	ADV	a	DET	 a
Penmon has some interesting buildings with histories to match. These buildings (the Priory and church, the dovecot and the well) are close together on the site of the old monastery. There is also an island of note nearby, Puffin Island. The monastery (	(	PUNCT	called	VERB	called
As of 2015, Capon Chapel remains a Methodist church, now a part of the United Methodist Church, holding Methodist services twice a month. Capon Chapel's cemetery is surrounded by a wrought iron fence made by Stewart Iron Works, and contains the remains of John	John	PROPN	Monroe	PROPN	 Monroe
He engaged in a debate with opponents of the issue that was published in Bingham's Courier Journal as well as the Louisville Herald and Louisville Post, two papers owned by James B. Brown. Ultimately, the issue was approved by the General Assembly, which was considered	considered	VERB	a	DET	 a
Their participation marked their sixth Olympic appearance, and included the smallest number of athletes that had ever represented Aruba in its history. Two Arubans competed in the Olympic games: Jan Roodzant participated as a swimmer, and Fiderd Vis participated in judo. The Aruban delegation arrived	arrived	VERB	in	ADP	 in
" Labyrinth " was composed by Hiromi and contains elements from " My Favorite Things " with a " funky touch ". " Sonny Rollins " is a Caribbean flavored tribute to saxophonist Sonny Rollins featuring Bob Sheppard on tenor sax and vocals by Cheryl Bentyne. John Fordham	Fordham	PROPN	of	ADP	 of
..] he rule [d] over a country where human and civil rights are honored only in their breach. " Literary critic Todd Garth argues that I, the Supreme is influenced by twentieth century Argentine writer Macedonio Fernández, as well as other avant garde artists	artists	NOUN	such	ADJ	 such
The kingdom reached the height of its military power and dominion in the latter half of the 18th century under the de facto rulers Hyder Ali and his son Tipu Sultan. The latter demolished parts of Mysore to remove legacies of the Wodeyar dynasty. During this time,	,	PUNCT	Mysore	PROPN	 Mysore
Christ's death is compared to Abraham Zapruder's film of the assassination of John F. Kennedy, which Manson called " the only thing that's happened in modern times to equal the crucifixion ". He sarcastically described the historic home movie as a " good clip of	of	ADP	mankind	NOUN	 mankind
In Colchester, fires caused by hand grenades (the weapon was called " wildfire " by the combatants) were extinguished using wet clothes saturated in milk and vinegar. Lit torches (burning sticks) were likely the earliest form of incendiary device. They were followed by	by	ADP	incendiary	ADJ	 incendiary
In 1926, the bank made plans to move again, this time constructing a new six story location at 165 Broadway, on the corner of Broadway and Cortlandt Street, closer to the Financial District. Chemical moved into its new headquarters in 1928, after completion of	of	ADP	the	DET	 the
Up! Live from Chicago received favorable critic reviews. Matt Bjorke of About.com reviewed the home release of Up! Close and Personal. He had not attended a Shania concert, nor seen the television special, and was surprised by the singer's stage presence. He	He	PRON	believed	VERB	 believed
Major Andrew McClary was technically the highest ranking colonial officer to die in the battle; he was hit by cannon fire on Charlestown Neck, the last person to be killed in the battle. He was later commemorated by the dedication of Fort McClary in Kittery, Maine	Maine	PROPN	.	PUNCT	.
The nasal mite Ptilonyssus philemoni has been isolated from the noisy friarbird (Philemon corniculatus) and blue faced honeyeater. The blue faced honeyeater generally forages in the branches and foliage of trees, in small groups of up to seven birds. Occasionally larger flocks of up to	to	PART	30	NUM	 30
Media related to Connecticut Huskies at Michigan Wolverines, Sep 4, 2010 at Wikimedia Commons Following their win against Connecticut, the Wolverines traveled to South Bend, Indiana to take on their long time rivals, the Notre Dame Fighting Irish, in their first road game of	of	ADP	the	DET	 the
After serving as an assistant coach for 22 years, Ryan attained his first head coaching job in the NFL with the New York Jets in 2009. He is the son of former head coach Buddy Ryan and is the fraternal twin brother of Rob Ryan. From a	a	DET	young	ADJ	 young
The Giants could afford to pay a 21st round pick that much because their higher picks had signed quickly for routine bonuses. Ishikawa began his career playing for the rookie league Arizona League Giants in 2002. He batted.279 with 10 runs scored, 19 hits, one home	home	NOUN	run	NOUN	 run
The construction of the pier and bridges cost $119,980. The basin was located where the Erie Canal, constructed between 1818 and 1825, met the Hudson River. The basin could accommodate 1,000 canal boats and 50 steamboat moorings. Along the Erie Canal within the city	city	NOUN	's	PART	's
" Cameron wanted to push the boundary of special effects with his film, and enlisted Digital Domain to continue the developments in digital technology which the director pioneered while working on The Abyss and Terminator 2: Judgment Day. Many previous films about the RMS Titanic shot water	water	NOUN	in	ADP	 in
Through stereotypical images, dialogue and action, it is easy for the audience to make the distinction between good characters and bad characters. Good characters " have big eyes and round cheeks and are drawn in curves, smooth, round, soft bright and with European features	features	NOUN	"	PUNCT	 "
Tallon then scored 88 in Queensland's reply. Bradman opined that he had a " clean hitting crisp style... attacking, positive, and with a technique to rival most first class batsmen ". Despite this, Queensland fell to defeat by an innings and 226 runs	runs	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
It is one of four living species of the order Sirenia, which also includes three species of manatees. It is the only living representative of the once diverse family Dugongidae; its closest modern relative, Steller's sea cow (Hydrodamalis gigas), was hunted to	to	ADP	extinction	NOUN	 extinction
Milner supported his hometown club Leeds United from a young age. His earliest memory of the team was watching them win the FA Youth Cup in 1993. He and his parents, Peter and Lesley, were season ticket holders and Milner later became a ball boy for	for	ADP	the	DET	 the
The Mill also made three different types of holograms. The projection from Jack's wriststrap device was coloured blue to match earlier appearances, John's wriststrap projected a flashier, full colour image due to specifications in the script, and the golden hue in the projection of	of	ADP	John	PROPN	 John
In a 1988 Sydney Morning Herald review, Judith Whelan writes that Harris is more serious in the film than he was when performing " Jake the Peg ". According to Whelan, the film " would best be seen by children in a group, with an adult	adult	NOUN	(	PUNCT	 (
The film, titled A Liar's Autobiography: The Untrue Story of Monty Python's Graham Chapman, was shown at the Toronto International Film Festival in September 2012 and premiered in the UK the following month as part of the BFI London Film Festival. The voices of	of	ADP	Cleese	PROPN	 Cleese
The declaration allocated federal funding to assist in paying for debris removal and the rebuilding of public infrastructure damaged by Ernesto's flooding, including roads, parks, and government buildings. The city of Newport News and four additional counties were added later in the areas eligible for	for	ADP	federal	ADJ	 federal
In this game, they were used in a way to allow the enemies to enter and exit the stage through them to avoid getting enemies piled up on the bottom of the stage. The green coloring of the pipes, which Nintendo late president Satoru Iwata called an	an	DET	uncommon	ADJ	 uncommon
Their wedding took place at St Michael's Church at Tokyngton, Middlesex, after which they moved to St. Peter's Square, Hammersmith. They went on to have two daughters and a son. In August 1941, during Britain's involvement in World War II,	,	PUNCT	Hollamby	PROPN	 Hollamby
The first of these is a play on " Do I Make You Proud " by Taylor Hicks, in which a singer addresses the object of his affection and stalking; the song was also Yankovic's jab at American Idol, a musical competition show that Hicks had	had	AUX	won	VERB	 won
This leaves US non governmental entities, such as utilities, without any designated long term storage site for the high level radioactive waste stored on site at various nuclear facilities around the country. The US government disposes of its waste at WIPP in New Mexico, in rooms	rooms	NOUN	2,150	NUM	 2,150
By 1945, the KMT had three times more soldiers under its command than the CPC, and because of it, it looked early on like it was winning. With the cooperation of the Americans and the Japanese, the KMT was able to retake major parts of	of	ADP	the	DET	 the
In 1998, Irwin continued, working with director Mark Strickson, to present The Ten Deadliest Snakes in the World. He appeared on several episodes of The Tonight Show with Jay Leno. A 2000 FedEx commercial with Irwin lightheartedly dealt with the possibility of occupational death from	from	ADP	snakebite	ADJ	 snakebite
It samples the trademark lyric, " I'm too sexy for my shirt, too sexy for my shirt, so sexy it hurts ", but replaces " for my shirt " with " in this club ". According to Digital Spy, in an interview with	with	ADP	Teletext	PROPN	 Teletext
These were ' U ' -shaped beams that extended from the side of the flight deck into which aircraft tailwheels were placed. The aircraft were pushed back until the main wheels were near the edge of the flight deck to allow more aircraft to be stored on the deck	deck	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
Within a few days, however, Fisher increased the number of guns to six and added two torpedo tubes. Minor revisions in the initial estimate were made until 26 December and a preliminary design was completed on 30 December. During the following week the DNC's department	department	NOUN	examined	VERB	 examined
Gioia points to " a characteristic streak of obstinacy " in Beiderbecke that provokes " this chronic disregard of the tried and true. " He argues that this stubbornness was behind Beiderbecke's decision not to switch from cornet to trumpet when many other musicians, including Armstrong,	,	PUNCT	did	VERB	 did
Early examples include presentations to the Castle of Gallifa in 1986, and the Castle of St. Ferran in Berga in 1992 (along with a sapling of the Tree of Guernica). The practice gained momentum following the February 2014 presentation of a young tree to the town	town	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
Estrada Cabrera was eventually forced out of office as a result of popular disturbances and the intervention of U.S. and other foreign diplomats. Rather than go into exile, however, the ex president opted to defend himself against criminal charges. In the ensuing trial, Asturias served	served	VERB	as	ADP	 as
Catalogue entries for a large number of the illuminated manuscript collections are available online, with selected images of pages or miniatures from a growing number of them, and there is a database of significant bookbindings. British Library Sounds provides free online access to over 60,000 sound recordings	recordings	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
In the US, bootlegs had been a grey area in legality, but the 1976 Copyright Act extended copyright protection to all recordings, including " all misappropriated recordings, both counterfeit and pirate ". This meant bootleggers would take a much greater risk, and several were	were	AUX	arrested	VERB	 arrested
Although the suit was briefly seen through a reflection in Clark's eyes in the season nine finale, the suit that appeared in the season ten premiere was a different design. The producers, working alongside Warner Bros. and DC Comics, procured the costume worn by Brandon	Brandon	PROPN	Routh	PROPN	 Routh
The Vijayan dynasty existed until Vasabha of the Lambakanna clan seized power in 66 AD. His ascension to the throne saw the start of the first Lambakanna dynasty, which ruled the country for more than three centuries. A new dynasty began with Dhatusena in 455. Named	Named	VERB	the	DET	 the
, 1857, in Manchester ". Staunton's team adopts a Hippopotamus formation, opens the center to start a queenside attack, and uses a couple of small sacrificial combinations to halt Anderssen's kingside attack and gain a decisive material advantage. Sources: Sources: Notes	Notes	NOUN	:	PUNCT	:
Angle signed with Bellator MMA on October 28, 2015. He attended a fan convention on November 6, the eve of Bellator 145, then joined the commentary booth the next night, during the Bobby Lashley vs James Thompson match, where he teased possibly fighting for	for	ADP	the	DET	 the
Near this city, the traffic volume jumps to 2,750 vpd, with the heaviest day of the week being Friday, and the highest volume occurring between April and October during daylight hours. Ochre River is located at the junction of MB PTH 10 and MB PR 582	582	NUM	south	NOUN	 south
The Han continued their expansion northward, and annexed the territory near Shu. Due to the Han – Xiongnu War on the north, the rising cost of administration in the distant state led to the Han abandoning the commandery. A group of Chinese explorers were captured by	by	ADP	the	DET	 the
The accident report found that " the first officer said that they seemed to agree that the airplane was not going to fly and that their control inputs were in unison. " Rachuba and Majure continued to try to hold the nose up to impact in a flat attitude	attitude	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
In 2009 another molecular phylogeny study, using a combination of genes from mitochondria and the cell nucleus, concluded that Bryozoa is a monophyletic phylum, in other words includes all the descendants of a common ancestor that is itself a bryozoan. The analysis also concluded that the	the	DET	classes	NOUN	 classes
262 survivors in boats were taken aboard the captured Saint Antoine and 38 on Superb, while a handful managed to reach the rest of the Franco Spanish squadron, but the enormous loss of life in this incident was one of the worst maritime disasters to that time.	.	PUNCT	While	SCONJ	 While
Final Fantasy VII: Advent Children, the first title conceived for the Compilation, the second to be released, and a direct to DVD sequel to VII. It was released in Japan on September 14, 2005, and on April 24 and 25, 2006 for	for	ADP	Europe	PROPN	 Europe
These operations often encountered fierce opposition, and German Fw 190 fighters proved superior to the Spitfire Mark Vs that No. 457 Squadron was equipped with. The squadron scored its last victory over Europe on 29 April, though fighter sweeps over France continued until almost the end	end	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
It was not renewed by the club. Kisnorbo joined Leicester City in April 2005 after leaving Hearts, signing a pre contract agreement in January. He followed former Hearts boss Craig Levein, teammates Mark de Vries and Alan Maybury across the border to the Midlands club.	.	PUNCT	Kisnorbo	PROPN	 Kisnorbo
Varahi was installed in Sri Maha Muthu Mariamman temple Lunas, Kedah on 21 February 2014. That is the only Varahi Amman temple in the Malaysia. Vajravarahi (" vajra hog " or Buddhist Varahi), the most common form of the Buddhist goddess Vajrayogini, originated	originated	VERB	from	ADP	 from
The cliché ' makes them his own ' certainly applies here: He sings them as they've never been sung before or since, which is quite a feat considering their age and popularity. Hardened from endless touring into a tough, tight roadhouse revue, Nelson's	's	PART	band	NOUN	 band
At the 1894 Sorbonne congress, a large roster of sports were suggested for the program in Athens. The first official announcements regarding the sporting events to be held featured sports such as football and cricket, but these plans were never finalised, and these sports did not	not	PART	make	VERB	 make
Children and infants may absorb about 50% of ingested lead, but little is known about absorption rates in children. The main body compartments that store lead are the blood, soft tissues, and bone; the half life of lead in these tissues is measured in	in	ADP	weeks	NOUN	 weeks
Immediately afterward, Sheamus eliminated Kingston by pinfall, before being eliminated himself by Triple H at approximately 29 minutes, leaving only Cena and Triple H in the match. Cena used a submission hold, the STF on Triple H to eliminate him from the match via submission	submission	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
Prior to the 2008 Contest, Greece had participated in the Eurovision Song Contest twenty eight times since its first entry in 1974, winning it in 2005 with the song " My Number One " performed by Elena Paparizou, and being placed third twice: in 2001 with	with	ADP	the	DET	 the
Several of these rights regulate pre trial procedure: access to a non excessive bail, the right to indictment by a grand jury, the right to an information (charging document), the right to a speedy trial, and the right to be tried in a	a	DET	specific	ADJ	 specific
The top or altissimo register consists of the notes above the written C two octaves above middle C (C6). All three registers have characteristically different sounds. The chalumeau register is rich and dark. The clarion register is brighter and sweet, like a trumpet (	(	PUNCT	clarion	NOUN	clarion
On the cover of the book, however, we see Riel standing alone in the wilderness, staring into the sky, leaving open the question of whether what he witnessed was real. In 1995, Brown published the anti psychiatry comics essay " My Mom was a	a	DET	Schizophrenic	ADJ	 Schizophrenic
, Erwin Knoll, Samuel Day, Jr., and Howard Morland, 467 F. Supp. 990 (W.D. Wis. 1979), was a lawsuit brought against The Progressive magazine by the United States Department of Energy (DOE) in 1979. A temporary injunction was granted	granted	VERB	against	ADP	 against
David researched her recipes thoroughly, and whenever several supposedly classic and mutually contradictory recipes existed she " knew how to reduce a recipe to its bare essentials, and then reconstruct it ". By the 1960s, she was described in the British press as " the most	most	ADV	revered	ADJ	 revered
From the 1820s, a ship was sent annually to New South Wales, and occasionally to New Zealand. In 1848, an Australian Division of the East Indies Station was established, and in 1859 the British Admiralty established an independent command, the Australia Station, under	under	ADP	the	DET	 the
On November 24, 2004 (the day before Thanksgiving), 2,000 Teamsters Union employees went on the first strike in the turnpike's history after contract negotiations failed. Since this is usually one of the busiest travel days in the United States, to avoid traffic jams	jams	NOUN	tolls	NOUN	 tolls
Although King Henry might have been amenable to letting him live, this all changed when it was revealed that the earls of Huntingdon, Kent and Salisbury and Lord Despenser, and possibly also the Earl of Rutland – all now demoted from the ranks they had been given	given	VERB	by	ADP	 by
After being named the system accelerated towards the south southeast and an area of increasing vertical wind shear, as it passed near the west coast of Futuna Island. The system also crossed the 180th meridian during that day, which prompted the JTWC to pass the responsibility for	for	ADP	warning	VERB	 warning
Andreacarus voalavo was named in 2007 by Ashley Dowling, Andre Bochkov, and Barry OConnor on the basis of 15 specimens found on an individual of the rodent Voalavo gymnocaudus that was collected in 1994 in the Anjanaharibe Sud Reserve in northern Madagascar. The specific name, voalavo	voalavo	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
The statue has not been moved from its original location, but the " significance of the work is not dependent upon its setting but is encompassed within the object itself. " Columbus was added to the National Register of Historic Places on October 19, 2001. Though	Though	SCONJ	it	PRON	 it
In 726, Ine abdicated, with no obvious heir and, according to Bede, left his kingdom to " younger men " in order to travel, with his wife Æthelburg, to Rome where they both died; his predecessor, Cædwalla, had also abdicated to	to	PART	go	VERB	 go
It has the distinction of being the work Johnson considered his greatest failure. Since his death, the critical consensus has been that he was right to think so. Irene was Johnson's only play, and was first performed on 6 February 1749 in a production by	by	ADP	his	PRON	 his
Wiggins finished the Vuelta in third place – his first podium finish in a Grand Tour. In September he competed in the road world championships in Copenhagen, he won the silver medal in the 46.3 km (28.8 mi) time trial, finishing one minute and fifteen	fifteen	NUM	seconds	NOUN	 seconds
In order to " recover " these " missing " Germanic elements, they had to be made conscious of their Germanic ancestry through the process of Germanization (the term used by the Nazis for this process was Umvolkung, " restoration to the race "). If	If	SCONJ	the	DET	 the
Archer then decides not to destroy the kemocite mining complex as he doesn't want the Xindi to think of them as aggressors. On the planet, Gralik explains that Degra told him that the kemocite was for research, and explains how the Avian race were assumed to	to	PART	be	AUX	 be
Another witness said they heard a " faint voice of someone over a loudspeaker in the distance but could not make out what the speaker was saying ". Most protesters ran after hearing gunshots and a helicopter chased them. After shooting stopped, protesters regrouped. One youth	youth	NOUN	picked	VERB	 picked
Referred to as " Willox's Ball and Bridle ", it had magical powers of healing; a spell was made by placing the items in water while chanting " In the name of the Father, the Son and of the Holy Ghost "; the water could	could	AUX	then	ADV	 then
Nikita Moiseevich Zotov; IPA: [nʲ ' kʲta moɨ'sʲɛɪvʲɪt ͡ ɕ ' zotv]) (1644 – December 1717) was a childhood tutor and lifelong friend of Russian Tsar Peter the Great. Historians disagree on the quality of Zotov's tutoring. Robert K. Massie	Massie	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
The library was predated by a freeholders ' library in the 1860s, which eventually gave way to a reading room that was organized and funded by a women's ' group in 1901. With a grant for $15,000, among other funds, a new library for	for	ADP	the	DET	 the
In some countries such as New Zealand, the term " fitch " has taken on a wider use to refer to related creatures such as ferrets, especially when farmed for their fur. A 2002 article in The Mammal Society's Mammal Review contested the European polecat's	's	PART	status	NOUN	 status
Production of both floorcloth and linoleum occupied seven factories in the town by 1883, employing 1,300. A further expansion of the harbour was completed between 1906 and 1908, for another increase in linoleum and coal. The expansion of the town led in 1876 to the extension	extension	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
After his departure from the band, Castro became a presenter at the annual OTI Festival where he performed the song " 16 Diciembres " (" 16 Decembers "). Castro could not afford to record a studio album with his own finances. His friend, Alejandro	Alejandro	PROPN	Zepeda	PROPN	 Zepeda
Early critics often had difficulty separating Irving the man from Irving the writer — " The life of Washington Irving was one of the brightest ever led by an author ", wrote Richard Henry Stoddard, an early Irving biographer — but as years passed and Irving's celebrity	celebrity	NOUN	personality	NOUN	 personality
Hogarth was quite surprised when " this figure stalked forwards to where he and Mr. Richardson were sitting and all at once took up the argument... [with] such a power of eloquence, that Hogarth looked at him with astonishment, and actually imagined that this ideot	ideot	ADV	had	AUX	 had
The album was heavily promoted, released in several editions and supported by the Get Loose Tour, which is the subject of the concert DVD Loose: The Concert. " Loose " debuted at number one, making it Furtado's first album to top the chart along	along	ADV	with	ADP	 with
The film grossed ₹ 525 million (US $7.8 million) in its opening three day weekend, including ₹ 73.9 million (US $1.1 million) its first day, and a net total of ₹ 265 million (US $3.9 million) on the third	third	ADJ	day	NOUN	 day
Following the success of the Joker in The Dark Knight, studio executives wished for the Riddler to be included as the primary villain as he was considered a similar character and encouraged the casting of Leonardo DiCaprio. However, Nolan wanted the antagonist to be vastly different from	from	ADP	the	DET	 the
Deans Garden Herbaceous and woody plants, many uncommon in the Ithaca area, such as Vancouveria hexanra and Stuartia pseudocamellia. Decorative Arts Flower Garden A wide variety of flowers including sunflower, carnation, rose, poppy, peony, iris, lily, chrysanthemum, daisy,	,	PUNCT	and	CCONJ	 and
In May 1944, 2. Staffel was transferred to augment III. Gruppe (3rd group) of JG 54 fighting on the Western Front to provide air defense for the Reich amidst increasing Allied aerial attacks. In August 1944, a new 2. Staffel was formed	formed	VERB	from	ADP	 from
Special tribunals were set up, pronouncing sentences of stoning, amputation, or death by hanging against those who were considered enemies, or who contravened a strict interpretation of the Sharia. Four men are known to have been hanged as spies during this period. The Taliban	Taliban	PROPN	also	ADV	 also
" Vitaris, however, did note that the episode's " saving grace " was Vince Gilligan's satiric writing tone; she called the scene featuring Roberts hallucinating that the burgers he was frying were actually brains " sick, but hilarious ". Other reviews were more	more	ADV	negative	ADJ	 negative
In Mottstown, he is arrested and jailed, then moved to Jefferson. His grandparents arrive in town and visit Gail Hightower, the disgraced former minister of the town and friend of Byron Bunch. Bunch tries to convince Hightower to give the imprisoned Joe Christmas an alibi	alibi	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
Over winter hit and run attacks on Soviet Army supply routes were the unit's main focus and in spring, Trautmann was promoted to Unteroffizier (corporal). Gains were made in 1942, but the Soviet counter offensive hit Trautmann's unit hard, and by the	the	DET	time	NOUN	 time
A fan of Jane Austen since she was fourteen, Hathaway immediately began rereading Austen's books, conducting historical research including perusing the author's letters, and also learned sign language, calligraphy, dance choreography, and playing the piano. She moved to England a month	month	NOUN	before	SCONJ	 before
In common with Glasgow, Edinburgh shares an international exchange link with McGill through Universitas 21. In the arts, McGill students include three Pulitzer Prize winners, Templeton Prize winner Charles Taylor, essayist and novelist John Ralston Saul, a Companion of the Order of Canada along	along	ADP	with	ADP	 with
Vaughan Williams, who thought of himself as a complete Londoner, was sorry to leave the capital, but his wife was anxious to live in the country, and Dorking was within reasonably convenient reach of town. In 1932 Vaughan Williams was elected president of the English	English	PROPN	Folk	PROPN	 Folk
Between the loss of the column rear and those killed or wounded in the initial volleys, only about one half of Herkimer's men were likely still fighting thirty minutes into the battle. Some of the attackers, notably those not armed with muskets, waited for the	the	DET	flash	NOUN	 flash
That part of the A7 motorway carries a 20,100 vehicle annual average daily traffic (AADT), and a 31,700 vehicle average summer daily traffic (ASDT) figure. Substantial variations observed between AADT and ASDT are normally attributed to the fact that the motorway carries significant tourist	tourist	NOUN	traffic	NOUN	 traffic
The DVD game ranked as the most sold DVDi for the first half of 2011, and forty seventh most from November 26 to December 27. Cross Days for the PSP additionally ranked as the fifteenth most sold UMD game during that time as well. Based on the	the	DET	story	NOUN	 story
The first non permanent members were Belgium, Brazil, Greece, and Spain. The composition of the Council was changed a number of times. The number of non permanent members was first increased to six on 22 September 1922 and to nine on 8 September 1926.	.	PUNCT	Werner	PROPN	 Werner
As a result of Yancey ’ s political activities, he was appointed editor of the Greenville (South Carolina) Mountaineer in November 1834. As editor, he attacked both nullification and the chief architect of nullification, John C. Calhoun. Yancey compared Calhoun to Aaron Burr	Burr	PROPN	and	CCONJ	 and
" After appearing in minor roles in Fall and Home Alone 3 in 1997, Johansson garnered widely spread attention for her performance in the 1998 film The Horse Whisperer, directed by Robert Redford. She received a nomination for the Chicago Film Critics Association Award for Most Promising	Promising	VERB	Actress	PROPN	 Actress
Radar consisted of a FMG G (gO) " Seetakt " set; Admiral Graf Spee was the first German warship to be equipped with radar equipment. Admiral Graf Spee was ordered by the Reichsmarine from the Reichsmarinewerft shipyard in Wilhelmshaven. Ordered as Ersatz Braunschweig, Admiral	Admiral	PROPN	Graf	PROPN	 Graf
The challenge concluded with a black tie dinner and auction to raise funds. Webber said he was driven to organise the event after the death of his grandfather to cancer, as well as his experiences with friends whose children had battled the disease. With Webber's switch	switch	NOUN	from	ADP	 from
Following Armageddon, Orton entered the 2006 Royal Rumble match as the thirtieth and final wrestler, but he was eliminated by Rey Mysterio. Mysterio won the match and a title shot, and Orton urged him to put the title shot at stake in a match at No	No	DET	Way	NOUN	 Way
Viet Cong combat engineers were required to break through the wire fences which protected the U.S. facility at Camp Holloway, and protect the attack forces ’ route of retreat using land mines. Meanwhile, the Gia Lai local force company had to set up ambush positions around the	the	DET	U.S.	PROPN	 U.S.
Despite this, Camacho was unable to close the distance to Porto, who finished 11 points ahead. The season was also the last that Benfica played in the original Estádio da Luz, before a new version was built ahead of UEFA Euro 2004. Their final game	game	NOUN	was	AUX	 was
The coin's obverse was designed by Mint Chief Engraver Charles E. Barber, and the reverse by his assistant, George T. Morgan. As McKinley had appeared on a version of the 1903 dated Louisiana Purchase Exposition dollar, the 1916 release made him the first person to	to	PART	appear	VERB	 appear
Krichell signed Borowy from Fordham University for $8,500 and the player later became the ace for the Yankees during the wartime era. Krichell supposedly discovered Allen by a chance encounter when Allen worked as a desk clerk at a Sanford hotel. The story said he recognized Krichell	Krichell	PROPN	as	ADP	 as
The three brightest stars, Alpha, Beta and Gamma, make up the triangle. Readily identified by its orange hue, Alpha Trianguli Australis is a bright giant star of spectral type K2 IIb IIIa with an apparent magnitude of + 1.91 that is the 42nd brightest star	star	NOUN	in	ADP	 in
" The album has since been ranked one of the best of all time by publications including Rolling Stone, Time, Pitchfork, the Times and the Guardian. Radiohead's fifth album, Amnesiac, was released in June 2001. It comprised additional tracks from the Kid	Kid	PROPN	A	DET	 A
It is the second installment of the The Force Unleashed multimedia project, and the sequel to Star Wars: The Force Unleashed (2008). The game was released in the United States on October 26, 2010, and throughout Europe on October 29 for the PlayStation	PlayStation	PROPN	3	NUM	 3
The goddess Vajrayogini also appeared in this form and danced with them. Another story recalls how princess Lakshminkara, who was a previous incarnation of a devotee of Padmasambhava, cut off her head as a punishment from the king and roamed with it in the city, where	where	SCONJ	citizens	NOUN	 citizens
UB 2, UB 5, and UB 10 soon followed with patrols in the Channel. Even though none of the boats sank any ships, by successfully completing their voyages they helped further prove the feasibility of defeating the British countermeasures in the Straits of Dover. On	On	ADP	28	NUM	 28
Flights of eight hours were not uncommon. One Spitfire reached Gdynia, searching for the German battleship Tirpitz. Tactics needed to vary to avoid Spitfires being intercepted by German patrols at heights of 30,000 ft. Constant trips alerted the Germans to the British operations, but the	the	DET	Admiralty	PROPN	 Admiralty
The videos were created from video content filmed for the " Weeping Willow " episode, most of which was ultimately not used in the episode. The producers originally also established a mirror site, WeepingWillow17.com, but it is no longer active. The WeepingWillow17 videos in the	the	DET	episode	NOUN	 episode
Instructions upon spaces depicting virtues move the player closer to The Mansion of Happiness while spaces depicting vices send the player back to the pillory, the House of Correction, or prison, and thus, further from The Mansion of Happiness. Sabbath breakers are sent to the	the	DET	whipping	ADJ	 whipping
It intersects MD 289 (Cross Street) in the downtown area and turns north onto Washington Avenue at the intersection with Spring Avenue. Washington Avenue carries MD 213 north through residential neighborhoods and passes by Washington College. Past the college, the route continues past businesses and	and	CCONJ	intersects	VERB	 intersects
During the 2006 – 07 and 2007 – 08 curling seasons, Martin and his team won an unprecedented five consecutive Grand Slams, three in the 2006 – 07 season and two in the 2007 – 08 season. The team won their second straight provincials in 2008,	,	PUNCT	sending	VERB	 sending
Swanberg found the process of editing Digging for Fire more difficult than for his previous films, since there were many different possibilities of how to integrate the separate storylines involving Tim and Lee. He dedicated the film to Paul Mazursky, who died in 2014, because of	of	ADP	the	DET	 the
Romerson fought with the 5th USCC until the end of the war. Illness prevented him from continuing with his regiment's reassignment to Clarksville, Texas, and he was mustered out in 1865. After the war, like many former USCT veterans, he fought in the	the	DET	frontier	NOUN	 frontier
His ship was required to make 15 knots (28 km / h; 17 mph) in still water and she was to be armed with four 15 inch (381 mm) Dahlgren guns in two gun turrets, each protected by 11 inches (279 mm)	)	PUNCT	of	ADP	 of
He is the fourth (consecutive) Emperor of Japan to be a Stranger Knight. The first non Christian ruler to be admitted to the Order was Abdülmecid I, Sultan of the Ottoman Empire, in 1856 as a Stranger Knight. The first, and to date	date	NOUN	only	ADV	 only
While Favre's importance had initially sprung from his influence with the native tribes, particularly the Choctaws, as the power of these people declined he became much more important as an intermediary during the turbulent times of transition from Spanish to American rule in West Florida. During	During	ADP	this	DET	 this
On one side, it shows the dynastic founder K ' inich Yax K ' uk ' Mo ' transferring power to Yax Pasaj. Interestingly, Tatiana Proskouriakoff first discovered the inscription on the West Side of Altar Q that tells us the date of the inauguration of Yax	Yax	PROPN	Pasaj	PROPN	 Pasaj
It carries the double tracked Asker Line between Jong and Åstad. The tunnel runs mostly through Cambrian Silurian sedimentary slate, nodular limestone and shale, with local occurrences of Permian igneous rock. There is also a 400 meter long (1,300 ft) section of less stable	stable	ADJ	sedimentary	ADJ	 sedimentary
The building of the steel frame began in October 1930. Once completed, the construction of the brick cladding began, in March 1931. Until the construction of the B Station, the eastern wall of the boiler house was clad in corrugated metal sheeting as a temporary	temporary	ADJ	enclosure	NOUN	 enclosure
The pass gained much importance during the later dynasties, when the capital was set in Beijing, a mere 300 kilometres (190 mi) away. In addition to the Shanhai Pass, a handful of mountain passes also provide access from Manchuria into China through the Yan	Yan	PROPN	Mountains	PROPN	 Mountains
Construction on the new building began in 1980. In late 1977, Koubek also completed the Camden Yards Sports Complex master site plan, which laid out projected baseball and football stadiums, museums, restaurants, and retail shopping buildings in an attempt to revitalized the economically depressed	depressed	ADJ	Camden	PROPN	 Camden
In 1999, he was appointed Aurora's director of community services and organizational development, which was his last position before running for public office. He resigned from this position in February 2004 during the city's water contamination crisis. The city's residents were under a	a	DET	boil	NOUN	 boil
His concerns about the state treasury proved valid: When Buckner ordered an audit of the treasurer's books in 1888, Treasurer James " Honest Dick " Tate fled with $250,000 from the state treasury. He was never found. In 1888, Bradley's name was	was	AUX	again	ADV	 again
At The Dalles, where river passage was available to Portland, the Meeker party found a motley crowd of emigrants. With the money earned at the ferry, they booked passage downriver. Oliver Meeker brought the livestock ahead overland, and met Ezra and his family on	on	ADP	their	PRON	 their
Rapid MetroRail Gurgaon which opened in 2013, whilst linked to Delhi Metro by the Yellow Line is a separate metro system (with a different owner / operator than the Delhi Metro), although tokens and cards from the Delhi Metro can be used in its network.	.	PUNCT	The	DET	 The
As an example, Pidduck discusses Anne's stay in a gated residence in Bath, where she gazes out of an upper story window in search for Wentworth on the streets below. To her, Wentworth and the sea represent freedom and possibility. Persuasion premiered on 16	16	NUM	April	PROPN	 April
Cheryl catches Gilly looking at an engagement ring, which Fernando has bought for Steph. She assumes the ring is for her and tells everyone in The Dog in the Pond that she and Gilly are getting married. Gilly reluctantly goes along, not wanting to hurt her	her	PRON	feelings	NOUN	 feelings
When Tom Welling auditioned for the role he was not sure how to prepare. While waiting for his turn, he realized that the character is one thing above all else: "... a high school kid.... " To Welling, simply acting like he was a	a	DET	normal	ADJ	 normal
A few months later, it released The 11th Hour, a documentary about global warming. The film featured 50 experts on environmental issues and the solutions, and won the Earthwatch Environmental Film Award through the National Geographic Channel in March 2008. DiCaprio wrote a three season	season	NOUN	television	NOUN	 television
A year later, Wenger was charged for post match comments made about referee Damir Skomina, in Arsenal's defeat to Milan in the Champions League. He was fined £33,000 and handed a three match touchline ban in the competition. At Arsenal, Wenger has enjoyed	enjoyed	VERB	a	DET	 a
Following a DB 3 bomber claimed on 7 July, Lützow was credited with four aerial victories on 10 July, consisting of one Vultee V 11 attack aircraft and three I 153s. The next day he claimed an II 16. On 15 July he shot down two	two	NUM	further	ADJ	 further
Outside video games, he has composed the main theme for the 2000 animated film Ah! My Goddess: The Movie and co composed the anime Final Fantasy: Unlimited (2001) with Final Fantasy orchestrator Shirō Hamaguchi. He also inspired the Ten Plants concept albums,	,	PUNCT	and	CCONJ	 and
It stipulated instead that if an ecclesiastical prince converted to Protestantism, he would resign from his position rather than force the conversion of his subjects. In December 1582, Gebhard Truchsess von Waldburg, the Prince elector of Cologne, converted to Protestantism. The principle of ecclesiastical	ecclesiastical	ADJ	reservation	NOUN	 reservation
This decision was in part influenced by the fall of the socialist states in the Soviet Union and Eastern Bloc during the early 1990s. In contrast, China was developing rapidly within a " socialist market economy " and Mandela began to quote Deng Xiaoping's aphorism, "	"	PUNCT	It	PRON	 It
The dam has a crest width of 35 feet (11 m) and a base width of 1,514 feet (461 m). The reservoir created by the dam, Lake Pleasant, has a capacity of 1,108,600 acre feet (1.3674 × 109 m3) at its	its	PRON	maximum	ADJ	 maximum
The same day, a coastal artillery battery on the Žirje Island was captured by Croatian forces, after JNA Senior Sergeant Željko Baltić, battery commanding officer, switched his allegiance. The battery consisted of twelve Ansaldo 90 / 53 guns which were once armament of the Italian	Italian	ADJ	battleship	NOUN	 battleship
Chicago earned a general score of 7.0 during the Applicant phase, after a detailed study of the Applicant Files received by the IOC Working Group on January 14, 2008. Between April 4 and April 7, 2009, the IOC Evaluation Commission, led by Nawal El	El	PROPN	Moutawakel	PROPN	 Moutawakel
John Charles Olmsted, the stepson of Frederick Law Olmsted, spent May 1903 in Portland. The Olmsted Report, received in December, emphasized creation of a system of parks and linking parkways that would take advantage of natural scenery. It proposed a formal square for Union	Union	PROPN	Station	PROPN	 Station
Sulfur (which borders the diatomic nonmetals), is the least metallic of the polyatomic nonmetals but even here shows some discernible metal like character (discussed below). Of the diatomic nonmetals, iodine is the most metallic. Its number of nearest neighbours is sometimes described	described	VERB	as	ADP	 as
Usually a little boy, he then pets the horse but his hand sticks to its neck. In some variations the lad cuts off his fingers or hand to free himself; he survives but the other children are carried off and drowned, with only some of their	their	PRON	entrails	NOUN	 entrails
According to legend, any child that happens upon her ghost is pulled into the river and drowned. The real Woman Hollering Creek, a body of water just off Interstate 10 in Texas, is the river which Cisneros mentions in her story. The protagonist in "	"	PUNCT	Woman	PROPN	 Woman
For several days, Allied troops played an important part in containing the German advance on the Thermopylae position, allowing ships to be prepared to evacuate the units defending Greece. The German Army reached the capital, Athens, on 27 April and Greece's southern shore on	on	ADP	30	NUM	 30
It benefited from human activities during the Middle Ages as woodland was cleared, but changes in farming methods and industrialisation saw it decline and disappear from parts of Europe in the 19th and early 20th centuries. Conservation and reintroduction programs across Europe have resulted in the white stork	stork	NOUN	resuming	VERB	 resuming
Khan said — when reminded on 27 March 1971 that he was in charge of a majority province — " I will reduce this majority to a minority ". Bina D ' Costa believes an anecdote used by Khan is significant, in that it provides proof of the	the	DET	mass	NOUN	 mass
In the 1990s, Jabba the Hutt starred in his own comic book series collectively titled Jabba the Hutt: The Art of the Deal. Jabba's role in popular culture extends beyond the Star Wars universe and its fans. In Mel Brooks ' Star Wars spoof Spaceballs	Spaceballs	PROPN	(	PUNCT	 (
Shankly summarised Keegan as " the inspiration of the new team ". In Keegan's first season, 1971 – 72, Liverpool missed out on winning the League Championship by a single point, the title going to Brian Clough's Derby County. Shankly maintained that Liverpool	Liverpool	PROPN	were	AUX	 were
The Family Guy orchestra sung and recorded a song for a sequence which showed several Quahog citizens learning and talking about Peter being declared as retarded. However, this was removed from the episode because broadcasting standards believed it used the word " retarded " too many times.	.	PUNCT	After	SCONJ	 After
Between January and March 1916, Townshend launched several attacks in an attempt to lift the siege. In sequence, the attacks took place at the Battle of Sheikh Sa ' ad, the Battle of the Wadi, the Battle of Hanna, and the Battle of Dujaila	Dujaila	PROPN	Redoubt	PROPN	 Redoubt
And second, it would have dulled his attack on Constantine by disentangling the potent alignment between imperial disaster, Christianity, and the traditional cult. The last emperor to celebrate the games was also the first emperor to embrace Christianity. The incongruity of this fact proved too	too	ADV	much	ADJ	 much
Several weeks later, Hamels was placed on the 15 day disabled list (DL) with a mild left elbow strain. After the Phillies activated him from the DL, on September 28, he helped the Phillies take over first place in the National League East by	by	ADP	striking	VERB	 striking
A member of an Anglo Norman noble family, he was the son of a bishop, and was educated in Italy. He was a household clerk for Thomas Becket, but by 1167 he was serving King Henry II of England. He was also a favourite of	of	ADP	King	PROPN	 King
The three pounder gun fired 3.2 pound (1.5 kg) projectiles at a muzzle velocity of 1,927 ft / s (587 m / s) while the 2.5 pounder fired 2.5 pound (1.1 kg) shells at a muzzle velocity of 1,420 ft / s (430	430	NUM	m	PROPN	 m
Upon ratification of the Treaty of Paris, the British Crown confirmed the French awards of arms. Between 1763 and 1867, the year of Canadian Confederation, there is little evidence of much heraldic activity. After Confederation, however, heraldry in Canada became more widespread,	,	PUNCT	including	VERB	 including
The University of Florida in Lake City was just one of the four existing institutions that were to be merged to form the new university, and there were other possible candidates for the presidency. Albert A. Murphree, president of Florida State College in Tallahassee, was the	the	DET	favorite	NOUN	 favorite
This was the first time such an artistic intervention occurred within a standard jewel case, and at first glance had the possibility of being viewed as a mis manufactured copy. McCartney on the CD case / album artwork: " I really wanted to make the CD a	a	DET	desirable	ADJ	 desirable
They have attracted the attention of numerous celebrities, who have become breeders and exhibitors, and purebred and partbred American Saddlebreds have appeared in several films, especially during the Golden Age of Hollywood. Saddlebreds are mainly known for their performance in the show ring, but can	can	AUX	also	ADV	 also
The Mach 2 capable F 105 conducted the majority of strike bombing missions during the early years of the Vietnam War; it was the only U.S. aircraft to have been removed from combat due to high loss rates. Originally designed as a single seat, nuclear attack aircraft	aircraft	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
Furthermore, the derivative is a linear transformation, a different type of object from both the numerator and denominator. To make precise the idea that f′ (a) is the best linear approximation, it is necessary to adapt a different formula for the one variable derivative	derivative	NOUN	in	ADP	 in
Several publications included Rounds on " best albums of the decade " lists. In May 2013, on the tenth anniversary of its release, Domino reissued Rounds with a bonus disc including a 2004 live performance. After being a member of Fridge since 1995, Kieran Hebden	Hebden	PROPN	began	VERB	 began
For the first as the top seed, due to Serena Williams and Safina's withdrawal at the BNP Paribas Open, she was upset by Carla Suárez Navarro in the second round after receiving a first round bye. Kuznetsova was seeded, for the sixth and last time	time	NOUN	to	ADP	 to
Encouraged by the UMHK, the Belgian government provided military support to Katanga and ordered its civil servants in the region to remain in their posts. Tshombe also engaged mercenaries, mainly whites from South Africa and the Rhodesias, to supplement and command Katangese troops. Although supported	supported	VERB	by	ADP	 by
In Asia, the car's role is much narrower, being a high end luxury car. On 9 February 2006, Toyota Australia unveiled the Aurion alongside the Aurion Sportivo concept at the Melbourne International Motor Show at an official press conference. Toyota dropped the Avalon tag	tag	NOUN	for	ADP	 for
Additionally, Nalia Kabeer discusses the impacts of a social clause that would enforce global labor standards through international trade agreements, drawing on fieldwork from Bangladesh. She argues that although these jobs may appear exploitative, for many workers in those areas they present opportunities and ways to	to	PART	avoid	VERB	 avoid
In addition, she will feature in three upcoming biographical films — she will star as the country singer Tammy Wynette opposite Josh Brolin's George Jones in a biopic of Jones, entitled No Show Jones, as the 19th century activist Caroline Weldon, who was an adviser	adviser	NOUN	to	ADP	 to
In 2013 the Tax Policy Center projected total federal effective tax rates of 35.5% for the top 1%, 27.2% for the top quintile, 13.8% for the middle quintile, and − 2.7% for the bottom quintile. The incidence of corporate income tax	tax	NOUN	has	AUX	 has
Before the performance of " Shut Up and Drive ", the back up singers run through the stage carrying finish racing flags. As Rihanna enters the stage, the dancers also come together with chairs which are set to represent vehicle seats. Rihanna performs " Question Existing	Existing	VERB	"	PUNCT	 "
A more detailed guidebook, Mobile Suit Gundam SEED Perfect Archive Series (僕たちの好きなガンダムSEED PERFECT ARCHIVE SERIES), featuring articles on the characters, technology and universe was published in March 2006. An artbook titled Mobile Suit Gundam SEED RGB Illustrations (機動戦士ガンダムSEED RGB ILLUSTRATIONS) was released	released	VERB	on	ADP	 on
The fruit pulp of some species, such as C. foetidissima, can be used as a soap or detergent. Cucurbita have been used in various cultures as folk remedies. Pumpkins have been used by Native Americans to treat intestinal worms and urinary ailments. This Native American	American	ADJ	remedy	NOUN	 remedy
Topping off is a very dangerous time in handling oil, and the procedure is handled particularly carefully. Tank gauging equipment is used to tell the person in charge how much space is left in the tank, and all tankers have at least two independent methods for tank	tank	NOUN	gauging	NOUN	 gauging
Upon leaving a location, players enter the World Map, which can be navigated, or used to select a destination. The world may be fully explored from the beginning of the game without restrictions, although story progress unlocks more gameplay content and forms of transport to	to	PART	navigate	VERB	 navigate
The conning tower, casemates, and gun turrets were also protected by 150 millimeter armor. Her protective deck armor was 37 millimeters (1.5 in) thick and the 152 millimeter guns on the upper deck were protected by gun shields 50 millimeters (2.0 in) thick	thick	ADJ	.	PUNCT	.
Other possible basal theropods, Alwalkeria from the Late Triassic Maleri Formation of India, and Teyuwasu, known from very fragmentary remains from the Late Triassic of Brazil, might be related. Paul (1988) noted that it had been incorrectly suggested that Staurikosaurus pricei was a	a	DET	juvenile	ADJ	 juvenile
The League of Nations failed to prevent the secession of the Memel region to Germany. With League oversight, the Sanjak of Alexandretta in the French Mandate of Syria was given autonomy in 1937. Renamed Hatay, its parliament declared independence as the Republic of Hatay in September	September	PROPN	1938	NUM	 1938
Noting that images of the entire planet recur several times in A Space Odyssey, Jacobs writes the most dramatic use of the icon was in the film's conclusion. In this scene... Bowman is reborn as the Star Child... depicted as a fetus floating in space	space	NOUN	in	ADP	 in
Beginning in 1934, Stalin began a campaign of political repression known as the Great Purge, during which millions of people were executed or sent to the Gulag. Central to this campaign were Moscow Trials, a series of show trials of the purged top leaders of the	the	DET	party	NOUN	 party
Shortly after her death, the family erected a stone seat there, from which walkers can enjoy views over the Surrey countryside. The Octavia Hill Society was set up in 1992 " to promote awareness of the ideas and ideals of Octavia Hill, her family, fellow	fellow	ADJ	workers	NOUN	 workers
It soon became apparent that cosmic ray intensity from the West was significantly larger than that from the East. This meant that there was a larger influx of positive primary particles than of negative ones. At the time, this result was surprising, because most investigators held	held	VERB	the	DET	 the
The interior packaging of the album also features Hunt's photography, including a kaleidoscopic collage of photographed subjects in the fold out CD booklet. In each of the months leading up to its release, Hunt promoted the album by releasing new songs as free downloads. They	They	PRON	were	AUX	 were
Morris also pointed out the outwardly flaring premaxilla (which would have given it a wide beak) and large palpebrals. This skull was recognized as an unnamed hypsilophodont for many years, until Galton made it the type specimen of new genus and species Bugenasaura infernalis ("	"	PUNCT	large	ADJ	 large
The Ehoie of Mestra, for example, ultimately serves to reintroduce the family of Sisyphus, Mestra's great granduncle who hoped to win her as bride for his son Glaucus. Although that marriage does not take place, the descendants of Sisyphus are soon presented. According	According	VERB	to	ADP	 to
The statue's image was also used on the ten shilling coin produced for 1966. The 1916 1966 Survivors Medal and the Military Star for the Irish Defence Forces all have the image of Cú Chulainn on their Obverse. A statue of Cú Chulainn carrying the body of	of	ADP	Fer	PROPN	 Fer
Presto runs toward Alec, but instead is poked in the eye by his own hand. Presto drops his hat, and when he grabs the wizard hat, he accidentally strips his slacks down to underwear, much to Alec's amusement. Furious, Presto tries to	to	PART	attack	VERB	 attack
By March 1944, there were some 1,500 people working at X 10. Supervised by Compton, Whitaker and Fermi, the reactor went critical on 4 November 1943 with about 30 short tons (27 t) of uranium. A week later the load was increased to	to	ADP	36	NUM	 36
In late February 2007, Jupiter was visited by the New Horizons probe, which used Jupiter's gravity to increase its speed and bend its trajectory en route to Pluto. The latest probe to visit the planet is Juno, which entered into orbit around Jupiter on July	July	PROPN	4	NUM	 4
Marko is said to be shown here as the king chosen by God to lead his people through the crisis following the Battle of Maritsa. Marko minted his own money, in common with his father and other Serbian nobles of the time. His silver coins weighed 1.11	1.11	NUM	grams	NOUN	 grams
In recent times, Tipu's Tiger has formed an essential part of museum exhibitions exploring the historical interface between Eastern and Western civilisation, colonialism, ethnic histories and other subjects, one such being held at the Victoria and Albert Museum itself in autumn 2004 titled " Encounters	Encounters	NOUN	:	PUNCT	:
Buses to Niah National Park, Lambir Hills National Park, Bintulu, Sibu, Kuching, and Pontianak, Indonesia depart from the long distance bus station. Local taxi services are also provided in the city with the main taxi stand at China Road in the city centre	centre	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
Mark is furious and tries to win Lexie back, but shortly after Callie is involved in a car accident and Lexie consoles Mark. The next episode, Lexie explains that she will go back to Mark if he continues to pursue her, despite her belief that they	they	PRON	are	AUX	 are
The original NY 32A in Saratoga County — which was redundant to US 4 — was supplanted at this time by a rerouted NY 32. The Bemis Heights – Schuylerville portion of the overlap between US 4 and NY 32 was eliminated in the 1950s when the original routing	routing	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
Dresden then joined the reconnaissance force for the High Seas Fleet; the following two years consisted of the peacetime routine of squadron exercises, training cruises, and annual fleet exercises. On 16 February 1910, she collided with the light cruiser Königsberg. The collision caused significant	significant	ADJ	damage	NOUN	 damage
The metropolis is also the hub of many international media corporations, with many news channels and print publications having a major presence. The national television broadcaster, Doordarshan, provides two free terrestrial channels, while three main cable networks serve most households. The wide range of	of	ADP	cable	NOUN	 cable
The new Companion Wheel offers command execution by selecting commands that are presented in a radial menu. Game director Josh Sawyer has stated that the Companion Wheel offers ease of companion interaction. Examples of companion commands include setting and changing combat tactics, default behavior towards foes and	and	CCONJ	usage	NOUN	 usage
As a result, the inhabitants of Soconusco were less likely to be rounded up into new reducción settlements, where the planting of a new cacao crop would have required five years to mature. Spanish jurisdiction over the province of Soconusco was subject to frequent changes. Immediately	Immediately	ADV	after	ADP	 after
Griffith, Samuel B. (1963). The Battle for Guadalcanal. Champaign, Illinois, USA: University of Illinois Press. ISBN 0 252 06891 2. Jersey, Stanley Coleman (2008). Hell's Islands: The Untold Story of Guadalcanal. College Station	Station	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
West of Haman the North Koreans and US troops faced each other during the night without further battle, but the North Koreans kept flares over their position. In the rear areas, North Korean mortar fire on the 24th Regiment command post caused Champney to move it still	still	ADV	farther	ADV	 farther
They believed that the forces leaving the city were too large for the sole task of arresting two men and that Concord was the main target. The Lexington men dispatched riders to the surrounding towns, and Revere and Dawes continued along the road to Concord accompanied by Samuel	Samuel	PROPN	Prescott	PROPN	 Prescott
Later, when talking to his ex girlfriend Elaine, she tries to provide Jerry with a list of excuses to help him avoid Horneck. He later discovers that Horneck took Kramer to the game and that Horneck is in the building. When Horneck meets Jerry and Elaine	Elaine	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
Though former councillor William Harold Clark was urged to run by a group of citizens, Armstrong would be the only nominated mayoral candidate when nomination deadline day came, and thus he was acclaimed mayor; the first occurrence since Kenneth W. MacKenzie was acclaimed in 1900. Amongst	Amongst	ADP	his	PRON	 his
The Grand Council of the Crees in Northern Quebec was particularly vocal and prominent in its resistance to the idea of being included in an independent Quebec. Grand Chief Matthew Coon Come issued a legal paper, titled Sovereign Injustice, which sought to affirm the Cree right to	to	PART	self	NOUN	 self
Between 1878 and 1884, Ipswich Town played at two grounds in the town, Broom Hill and Brook's Hall, but in 1884, the club moved to Portman Road and have played there ever since. At their new home, Ipswich became one of the first	first	ADJ	clubs	NOUN	 clubs
Einstein refused surgery, saying: " I want to go when I want. It is tasteless to prolong life artificially. I have done my share, it is time to go. I will do it elegantly. " He died in Princeton Hospital early the next	next	ADJ	morning	NOUN	 morning
On March 30, 1994, Yakko, Wakko, and Dot first theatrically appeared in the animated short, " I'm Mad ", which opened nationwide alongside the full length animated feature, Thumbelina. The musical short featured Yakko, Wakko, and Dot bickering during	during	ADP	a	DET	 a
Although reduced, its range remains large. Given its historical distribution, the jaguar has featured prominently in the mythology of numerous indigenous American cultures, including those of the Maya and Aztec. The word ' jaguar ' comes to English from one of the Tupi – Guarani	Guarani	PROPN	languages	NOUN	 languages
" Jan Hooks reprised her role as Manjula in the episode. In a scene in the episode, Apu and Manjula are arguing in an Indian language. During the scene, both characters speak the language accurately, as both Hooks and Hank Azaria (the voice of	of	ADP	Apu	PROPN	 Apu
Most were of famous sites, including theatres, temples, and teahouses. Toyoharu's were not the first uki e — Okumura Masanobu had made such works since the early 1740s, and claimed the genre's origin for himself. Toyoharu's were the first uki e	e	PROPN	in	ADP	 in
Later that day, she was transferred to Taranto, escorted by the destroyers Ascari and Carabiniere, where she joined the 9th Division of the Italian fleet. The following month, Italy joined the war against Britain and France, though it wasn't until 2 August that	that	SCONJ	Vittorio	PROPN	 Vittorio
Experiments using synthetic radio labelled forms of the polypeptide demonstrated that it was able to travel systemically through the plant and induce PI production in unwounded leaves. Because of the systemic nature of the wounding signal, it was named systemin, it was the first polypeptide found to	to	PART	function	VERB	 function
The animals were typically hunted using slingshots, with dogs, or most commonly, by placing snare traps on animal paths. Near Ranomafana National Park, the fossa, along with several of its smaller cousins and the introduced small Indian civet (Viverricula indica), are	are	AUX	known	VERB	 known
WCLG was officially granted its broadcast license by the FCC on January 18, 1955. Throughout its existence, WCLG's studios have been at 343 High Street in Morgantown. On March 10, 1955, WCLG filed an application to increase its power to 1,000 watts,	,	PUNCT	proposing	VERB	 proposing
Their movement became more radical, going beyond the initially purely fiscal demands. The Huttwil League considered itself a political entity equal to and independent from the city authorities, and it assumed full military and political sovereignty in its territories. The peasants laid siege on Bern and	and	CCONJ	Lucerne	PROPN	 Lucerne
Bones thought to belong to them were discovered in 1674 when the 12th century forebuilding at the entrance to the White Tower was demolished; however, the reputed level at which the bones were found (10 ft or 3 m) would put the bones at a depth	depth	NOUN	similar	ADJ	 similar
In 1913, a second much larger mission hall was opened nearby, named the Walsham How Mission Hall after William Walsham How, leader of the Shropshire Mission to East London. The Shropshire Hall, built by the Shropshire Mission in Gladstone Avenue, is now the Noel	Noel	PROPN	Park	PROPN	 Park
The Olympic bronze medal was Dix's first medal at a major international competition. A few days later, he finished fifth in the 200 m final with a time of 19.98 seconds, some distance off the winner Usain Bolt who had broken the world record. However	However	ADV	,	PUNCT	,
The host range of some bacteriophages is limited to a single strain of bacteria and they can be used to trace the source of outbreaks of infections by a method called phage typing. Classification seeks to describe the diversity of viruses by naming and grouping them on the basis	basis	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
Kelley moved back to the infield, becoming the regular first baseman in 1901. After the 1901 season, Kelley denied reports that he would jump from the Superbas to the Detroit Tigers of the American League (AL), the former Western League which had decided to	to	PART	compete	VERB	 compete
The only two major differences between contemporary times and the early 1900s are the retreat of the glacier and the presence of the Trans Canada Highway. Thus, he saw trees that were observed by his grandfather from the same perspective, and there is little difference " except	except	SCONJ	for	ADP	 for
The D ' ni language was the language presented in various games and novels of the Myst franchise, created by Richard A. Watson. Several online D ' ni dictionaries have been developed as part of the ongoing fan based culture associated with the game. The music for	for	ADP	each	DET	 each
After a promising 4 – 1 start to the season, including an upset road victory over No. 11 Maryland, WVU lost five of its final six games. The Mountaineers finished 2 9 in 1978, being outscored 364 – 167. It was later revealed that	that	SCONJ	Cignetti	PROPN	 Cignetti
" For the 1906 edition of the book, The Illustrated London News's reviewer considered the work " a formidable body of domestic doctrine ", and thought that " the book is almost of the first magnitude ". Samuel's business decisions from 1861 were unproductive and	and	CCONJ	included	VERB	 included
Montluc, returning to Italy, brought with him nearly a hundred volunteers from among the young noblemen of the court, including the young Gaspard de Coligny. D ' Avalos, having waited for the arrival a large body of landsknechts dispatched by Holy Roman Emperor Charles V	V	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
As such, it was advertised by Cartoon Network as a " half hour special ". The episode was watched by 2.6 million viewers, and received a 0.6 rating in the 18 – 49 demographic. This means that it was seen by 0.6 percent of all 18-	18-	NUM	to	PART	 to
The evaporator is inside the HVAC control. Use of the air conditioning system can significantly reduce range. To alleviate this, the car can be set to " precool " whilst on charge. A remote control / timer device is provided that controls the preheat function,	,	PUNCT	air	NOUN	 air
After his playing career, West was head coach of the Lakers for three years, leading Los Angeles into the playoffs each year and earning a Western Conference Finals berth once. Working as a player scout for three years, West was named general manager of the Lakers	Lakers	NOUN	prior	ADV	 prior
There are many notable graduates, non graduate former students and current students of Georgia Tech. Georgia Tech alumni are known as Yellow Jackets. According to the Georgia Tech Alumni Association: [the status of " alumni "] is open to all graduates of Georgia Tech	Tech	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
Yancey continued to support the most radical Southern positions and is generally included as one of a group of southerners referred to as " fire eaters. " Historian Emory Thomas notes that Yancey, along with Edmund Ruffin and Robert Barnwell Rhett, " remained in the secessionist forefront	forefront	NOUN	longest	ADJ	 longest
", and as the man draws a spoon from his pocket he says: " This is a knife. " The scene is a reference to a famous scene from Crocodile Dundee in which Mick Dundee is threatened by some thugs with a switchblade, and Mick takes	takes	VERB	out	ADP	 out
With the Ordainers ready to present their programme of reform, Edward had to summon a parliament. In late July he appointed Gaveston Lieutenant of Scotland, and departed for London. Bruce still evaded the English successfully, in early August even staging a raid into northern England	England	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
This he deemed " one of the greatest blessings of my life. " By 1920 he was distributing £47,000 out of his annual income of £50,000. In 1917 Ferens purchased a plot of land in Queen Victoria Square in Hull city centre. The land was	was	AUX	the	DET	 the
The northern continent is punctuated by a series of mountain ranges and contains many of the locations accessible to the player. Most of the southern continent has been taken over by the Empire, while the eastern continent is home to a large patch of land called the Veldt	Veldt	PROPN	where	SCONJ	 where
It may no longer be feasible to reinstate the original locks 16, 17, 18 and 19 structures for this section. At Upper Midford the canal is blocked entirely at the Accommodation bridge [1] by the 40 ft high embankment of the railway that crosses it	it	PRON	.	PUNCT	.
The Court dwelt at length on the defendants ' claim. The Court held that: [Federal jury selectors] must not allow the desire for competent jurors to lead them into selections which do not comport with the concept of the jury as a cross section of the	the	DET	community	NOUN	 community
He was assisted by his friend James Howard, with whom he developed a modified version of living mathematics, " supreme mathematics ", and an accompanying doctrine about letters, the " supreme alphabet ". The development of these systems, considered a " divine science "	"	PUNCT	by	ADP	 by
She is buried beside her husband in the nave of St George's Chapel, Windsor Castle. Sir Henry " Chips " Channon wrote that she was " above politics... magnificent, humorous, worldly, in fact nearly sublime, though cold and hard. But what	what	PRON	a	DET	 a
The CSPI suit sought to require the company to place large heath warnings on Burger King's food packaging that explained the dangers of trans fat and the levels of trans fat contained in its products. Burger King sought to move the case to the Federal courts and have	have	VERB	the	DET	 the
Synonyms include names derived from generic transfers to Androsaceus by Narcisse Théophile Patouillard in 1887, and to Chamaeceras by Otto Kuntze in 1898; both of these genera are now obsolete and have since been sunk back into Marasmius. In his 1821 A Natural Arrangement of British Plants	Plants	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
If no agreement exists between Bank 1 and Bank 2 to exchange check images and data, Bank 1 must provide either the original check or the legal equivalent of the substitute check to Bank 2. As the paying bank, Bank 2 uses check image and MICR data	data	NOUN	or	CCONJ	 or
With a record eight steals in five games, he was named MVP of the American League Championship Series; he hit.400 while scoring eight runs and delivering two home runs, five runs batted in (RBI), seven walks and a 1.000 slugging percentage. Leading the	the	DET	A	NOUN	 A
The missionaries refused to allow the unruly soldiers to remain near the missions, and when de León returned to Mexico later that year, only 3 of his initial 110 soldiers remained to assist the monks. Father Damián Massanet, the priest in charge of the mission,	,	PUNCT	left	VERB	 left
Debra Akins of Gospel Music Channel regarded the song as a highlight of the album. Roger Gelwicks of Jesus Freak Hideout, while describing the song as " interesting ", felt that it wasn't much of an improvement over the rest of the album. " Joyful	Joyful	ADJ	,	PUNCT	,
However, this is not the actual intersection where the accident occurred, contrary to popular belief. The accident scene is approximately 100 feet to the south of the current intersection, where the road use to be. The California Department of Transportation (Caltrans) carried out	out	ADP	an	DET	 an
" In The Speaker, A. B. Walkley admired the play and was one of few to see it as the culmination of Wilde's dramatic career. He denied the term " farce " was derogatory, or even lacking in seriousness, and said " It is of	of	ADP	nonsense	NOUN	 nonsense
DMRC is also looking at raising the station walls and railings for the safety of passengers. For the convenience of customers, Delhi Metro commuters have three choices for ticket purchase. The RFID tokens are valid only for a single journey on the day of purchase and the	the	DET	value	NOUN	 value
On 13 December 1995, the SARL officially launched the ' Adelaide Rams ', the tenth and final team to join the Super League competition. In early March, the ARL were successful in gaining a federal court injunction, a legal ruling that prevented the Super League	League	PROPN	from	ADP	 from
Ohlin interprets the guidelines of the ICRC to include reliance upon a military system of identification of combatants. " Can Just War Theory Justify Targeted Killing " by professor Daniel Statman is an analysis of three thought processes used to discuss targeted killing rules: " contractualist ",	,	PUNCT	"	PUNCT	 "
In Calgary, two new teams began play at Foothills Stadium. The Calgary Outlaws of the independent Canadian Baseball League lasted only a half season before the entire league folded. The Calgary Dawgs of the Western Major Baseball League operated as a college summer league team. The	The	DET	Calgary	PROPN	 Calgary
The game contains fifty five offensive plays and seventy one defensive plays, such as screen and play action passes, blitzes and man to man defense. During a down, the player may control one team member at a time or allow the entire team to execute a	a	DET	play	NOUN	 play
He won promotion from League One in 2013 and the Championship two years later, making over 200 appearances for the club. Pugh has played and scored in all five of England's nationwide football divisions. Pugh started his career with First Division club Burnley where, at	at	ADP	a	DET	 a
The band toured the US with Exodus and Europe with Diamond Head and Dungeon. In June 2005, Capitol released a greatest hits compilation, Greatest Hits: Back to the Start, featuring remixed and remastered versions of songs chosen by fans from Megadeth's Capitol albums.	.	PUNCT	In	ADP	 In
The JNA did not have sufficient troops in the area to secure all its facilities, but it was possible that the 5th (Banja Luka) Corps units deployed to Okučani might attempt to relieve some of the garrisons. A part of the 265th Mechanised Brigade was deployed	deployed	VERB	to	ADP	 to
The birds commonly move in flocks of 10 to 100 birds, but occasionally in larger groups of up to 1,000 or more birds. The groups can include other species such as the white naped honeyeater, fuscous honeyeater, noisy friarbird and silvereye. They move in successive	successive	ADJ	flocks	NOUN	 flocks
" However, Noelle Howey, writing for Mother Jones, wrote that despite the critical acclaim, relatively few critics understood what she perceived as the main point of the film — Brandon being a victim of trans bashing. Howey said, " Even a cursory glance at	at	ADP	reviews	NOUN	 reviews
It was hoped that the new campaign would serve to boost sales within the UK and prompt higher brand engagement from the public. Much effort was put into making the first advertisement of the new marketing strategy a hit. The creative idea was " founded upon the notion	notion	NOUN	that	SCONJ	 that
' There are a thousand reasons why that wouldn't work. ' " In January 2007, the Federal Way (Washington State) School Board voted to require an approval by the principal and the superintendent for teachers to show the film to students and that the teachers	teachers	NOUN	must	AUX	 must
Hydrochloric acid is used for a large number of small scale applications, such as leather processing, purification of common salt, household cleaning, and building construction. Oil production may be stimulated by injecting hydrochloric acid into the rock formation of an oil well, dissolving a	a	DET	portion	NOUN	 portion
The military arm of the East India Company was directed during the Seven Years ' War and the Second Anglo Mysore War by General Eyre Coote, who died in 1783 during the later stages of the war with Mysore. Company policy, as implemented by Hastings, had	had	AUX	involved	VERB	 involved
It contains " slow breaks ", that according to Jamil Ahmad of musicOMH, " wrap this record round you like walking into an exclusive club with a million dollar sound system – you know you are going to have one of those nights ". The pace of	of	ADP	the	DET	 the
Intermarriages are allowed between the Karnatak Brahmans and the Deshasthas and so the classification of the Southern India Brahmans into the Maharashtra, the Andhra (Telugu) and the Karnatic are in this respect, more of a provincial or linguistic character than an ethnographic one. The Golak	Golak	PROPN	or	CCONJ	 or
Nansen was enthusiastic, and made arrangements through a recent acquaintance, Captain Axel Krefting, commander of the sealer Viking. The voyage began on 11 March 1882 and extended over the following five months. In the weeks before sealing started, Nansen was able to concentrate on	on	ADP	scientific	ADJ	 scientific
Alternatively, he might also have had his own ship burial nearby. By the beginning of the 7th century, southern England was almost entirely under the control of the Anglo Saxons. These peoples, who are known to have included Angles, Saxons, Jutes and Frisians	Frisians	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
There is also a possibility that he did this to protect himself from the legal ramifications of his experiment as well as societal gossip. The trio travelled over 600 miles to Avignon, renting a house in le quartier des fusteries. The girls could speak no French and	and	CCONJ	Day	PROPN	 Day
However, it was not until 18 March 1968 – after production had ended – that the case against them was heard at Aylesbury Crown Court. The jury viewed the final cut of Thunderbird 6 and found both defendants not guilty on 20 March. Reported in the Daily	Daily	PROPN	Express	PROPN	 Express
The floor had a map of the world in mosaic. The sculpture was created by Thomas Nicholls. As the rest of the castle was developed, work progressed along the rest of the 18th century range including the construction of the Guest Tower, the Arab Room,	,	PUNCT	the	DET	 the
" However, he rejected the idea of referring to the music as " computerized ", on the grounds that nothing was done for the album that couldn't have been done with standard recording equipment, and that the computer had simply sped up and simplified the creative	creative	ADJ	process	NOUN	 process
UK Sport considered whether to target 3rd place in the 2012 Games, which was hosted by the United Kingdom in London. Because London was the host city of the 2012 Summer Olympics, a segment of their culture was performed during the closing ceremony. The following British	British	ADJ	competitors	NOUN	 competitors
Shortly thereafter, an inland tropical storm warning was issued for Pearl River, Walthall, and Pike counties in Mississippi and Washington Parish in Louisiana. Additionally, the New Orleans National Weather Service issued a coastal flood watch for four parishes in southeastern Louisiana. In Mississippi,	,	PUNCT	Governor	PROPN	 Governor
He was officially credited with 10 ¼ aerial victories, although his score is often reported as 12, including two shared. Gibbes was also credited with five aircraft probably destroyed, and a further 16 damaged. He commanded No. 3 Squadron in North Africa from February	February	PROPN	1942	NUM	 1942
Dom and Brian are captured and brought to crime lord Hernan Reyes, the owner of the cars and Zizi's boss. Reyes orders the pair be interrogated to discover the location of the car, but they manage to escape and retreat to their safehouse. While Brian	Brian	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
By early November, only Florida was not in quarantine, and Arkansas had 259 cases, with 11 deaths. Though the situation in the North Sea in late 1918 remained much as it had been for the previous four years — with the Grand Fleet maintaining its endless	endless	ADJ	watch	NOUN	 watch
That same year, he illustrated the pro occupation book Zóó zag Brussel de Dietsche Militanten under the pen name Kaproen. In the 1970s Willy denied rumors, based on drawing style, that he had been the real artist behind Kaproen, but in 2010 these allegations were	were	AUX	confirmed	VERB	 confirmed
Australia comfortably won the second Test, and on his first appearance of the season, MacLaren scored 4 runs opening the innings on the first day. In the second innings, he moved down the order to number six, but he came in to bat when England	England	PROPN	trailed	VERB	 trailed
This measure was vehemently opposed by the Arab settlers of Khurasan, but according to Khalid Yahya Blankinship " it may have helped to discourage the Turks for a couple of years by keeping the Transoxianans on the Muslims ' side ". Despite Asad's efforts and his good	good	ADJ	relations	NOUN	 relations
A review in TV Guide by Adam Mersel said "... Fey and the gang live up to the challenge, and produce [' Argus '] a hilarious, quite snotty episode that holds up to any comedy around. " Meredith Blake, writing for the Los	Los	PROPN	Angeles	PROPN	 Angeles
The Scott / Logan version of I Am Legend was a mix of sci fi and psychological thriller, without dialogue in the first hour and with a sombre ending. The creatures in Logan's version were similar to the Darkseekers of the finished film in their animalistic,	,	PUNCT	barbaric	ADJ	 barbaric
Elementary Lessons in Heat (2 ed.). Philadelphia, Pennsylvania: J.B. Lippincott. p. 160. Retrieved April 25, 2009. Tillman, Samuel E. (1893). " Fossil Forests of the Yellowstone ". The Popular science monthly 43 (New York	York	PROPN	:	PUNCT	:
Developed in response to a requirement for a mobile anti aircraft (AA) vehicle, the vehicle was produced by the White Motor Company between July 1942 and May 1943. The only time it was ever used in combat was when the Americans landed at Anzio in January	January	PROPN	1944	NUM	 1944
Robert Campbell replaced him. From 1886 until 1898, Sunderland's home ground was in Newcastle Road. In 1898, the club moved to what would become their home for almost a century, Roker Park. Initially the ground had a capacity of 30,000. However,	,	PUNCT	over	ADP	 over
Construction of the freeway section of SR 3 began in 1963 between SR 304 in Navy Yard City and Silverdale west of Bremerton and was opened in February 1968. The freeway was extended north to Poulsbo in late 1973, and further north to Naval Submarine Base Bangor in	in	ADP	1977	NUM	 1977
Within 48 hours of its release, The Last of Us generated more than the £3 million earned by Man of Steel in the same period. The game also topped the charts in the United States, France, Ireland, Italy, the Netherlands, Sweden,	,	PUNCT	Finland	PROPN	 Finland
Thérèse of Lisieux. Joan of Arc has remained a popular figure in literature, painting, sculpture, and other cultural works since the time of her death, and many famous writers, filmmakers and composers have created works about her. Cultural depictions of her have continued	continued	VERB	in	ADP	 in
However, I thought it could be used in horror if I drew it a different way. " The story in which Kirie's hair is cursed by the spiral reflects a recurring theme in Ito's work in which a heroine's hair has a life of its	its	PRON	own	ADJ	 own
Blacktip sharks from these two regions differ in morphology, coloration, and life history characteristics, and the eastern Atlantic lineage may merit species status. Fossil teeth belonging to this species have been found in Early Miocene (23 – 16 Ma) deposits in Delaware and Florida	Florida	PROPN	.	PUNCT	.
To enhance the plot twist, all the flashbacks were shot in a way that disguised the presence of a wheelchair. In the scene where Locke is sitting in his bed, the paralysis is alluded by the electromedical nerve stimulation machine on his nightstand. Lindelof also created	created	VERB	a	DET	 a
In Lille's final match before the winter break, Hazard tied his career high for league goals in a season by scoring the team's third goal in a 4 – 4 draw with Nice. After scoring the goal, Hazard celebrated by paying tribute to Molami Bokoto	Bokoto	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
Despite Stewart's insistence to the contrary, news reports cast the rally as a spoof of Glenn Beck's Restoring Honor rally and Al Sharpton's Reclaim the Dream rally. On August 28, 2010, the Fox News Channel's Glenn Beck held a " Restoring Honor	Honor	PROPN	"	PUNCT	 "
Its origins remain obscure; the tune may have come from oral tradition, and the words may have been written by songwriter and performer Dan Emmett. The blackface troupe the Virginia Minstrels popularized " Old Dan Tucker " in 1843, and it quickly became a minstrel hit	hit	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
Sociologist Anne Cécile Bégot considered the Antoinist healing of the first decades a form of protest against (1) the efficiency of medicine, (2) the traditional representation of disease — the real healing can be attained only through a new approach to the disease, which	which	PRON	is	AUX	 is
In 1967, he signed a 10 year contract with NBC for US $1 million ($7,097,000 today) to be a broadcaster on the Saturday Game of the Week. He quit after six years, just prior to the start of the 1973 season. Koufax	Koufax	PROPN	married	VERB	 married
The buildings were located more closely together and reflected deepening religious celebration. Towers were built near kivas and likely used for lookouts. Pottery became more versatile, including pitchers, ladles, bowls, jars and dishware for food and drink. White pottery with black designs emerged	emerged	VERB	,	PUNCT	,
Writing for NPR, Ann Powers found it altogether contemplative, joyful, and mythological. Jonathan Bogart of The Atlantic wrote that, with her Tolkien inspired lyrics, Richard " remains true to the oldest and most important standards of R & B, which, more than	than	ADP	any	DET	 any
The Hardy Bottling Company facility was also damaged, which released 120,000 pounds (54,500 kg) of anhydrous ammonia into the atmosphere, although no public health impacts were reported. Electricity supply to about 65,000 customers was briefly cut. The National Weather Service office in Memphis rated	rated	VERB	the	DET	 the
" Flynn thought " this whole record is like holding up a mirror to ourselves. It's talking about things that are going on now, but it's not necessarily specific to this time. " Three special editions of The Blackening were released: a two LP	LP	PROPN	gatefold	NOUN	 gatefold
The film has also been dubbed into Hindi as Indian Soldier Never on Holiday by Goldmines Telefilms. Jagadish (Vijay), a captain in the Indian Army, returns to Mumbai from Kashmir. On his arrival, his parents and younger sisters force him to see Nisha	Nisha	PROPN	(	PUNCT	 (
Although most of this decoration has since been lost, two caryatid statues can still be seen on the walls of the Long Galley, modelled on a work by the French artist Hugues Sambin. The west side of the Fountain Court comprises the apartments, with a number	number	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
In December 2009, Nicholas suffered serious spinal injuries in a horse riding accident. He crushed his vertebrae in the fall. While he experienced initial paralysis necessitating the use of a wheelchair, physical therapy has helped restore his health to the point where he is able to	to	PART	walk	VERB	 walk
All populations are migratory, wintering in sub Saharan Africa as far south as South Africa. Birds from central Europe initially migrate to the southwest, reorientating to the south or southeast once in Africa, although Scandinavian migrants may head south through the Alps and across the Mediterranean	Mediterranean	PROPN	Sea	PROPN	 Sea
The war found its origins in dissatisfaction among many nobles and young samurai with the shogunate's handling of foreigners following the opening of Japan during the prior decade. Increasing Western influence in the economy led to a decline similar to other Asian countries at the time. An	An	DET	alliance	NOUN	 alliance
Herm's harbour is on its west coast. There are several buildings of note in the vicinity including the White House, St Tugual's Chapel, Fisherman's Cottage, " The Mermaid " pub and restaurant, and a small primary school with about eight children.	.	PUNCT	During	ADP	 During
The Guardian judged Richardson " indisputably our most poetic actor ". For The Times, he " was ideally equipped to make an ordinary character seem extraordinary or an extraordinary one seem ordinary ". He himself touched on this dichotomy in his variously reported comments that acting was	was	AUX	"	PUNCT	 "
Henry Raeburn (1756 – 1823) was the most significant artist of the eighteenth century to pursue his entire career in Scotland, and from this point Scottish painters would be able to be professionals in their homeland, often supplying the nobility and lairds with works to fill	fill	VERB	the	DET	 the
This was replicated, and managed to greatly increase the amount of bugs that could be found and fixed. The development team's enthusiasm was also high, which enabled the problems during development to be overcome. During the aftermath of E3, the team considered release The	The	DET	Sands	PROPN	 Sands
Appeals from cases brought in the Eastern District of Missouri are heard by the United States Court of Appeals for the Eighth Circuit (except for patent claims and claims against the U.S. government under the Tucker Act, which are appealed to the Federal Circuit). These cases	cases	NOUN	can	AUX	 can
They signed to Triple Crown Records just after their second ever show. Brand New's debut studio album Your Favorite Weapon was produced by friend of the band Mike Sapone. The album has been described as being " bitter about ex girlfriends ", with an excessive concentration	concentration	NOUN	on	ADP	 on
Brodie considered “ Nixon the perpetrator of an assault on her privacy. ” Although neither Bernard nor her publisher were enthusiastic about her choice, Brodie began to work on her new project. She resigned her professorship at UCLA in 1977 to devote herself to research, including	including	VERB	,	PUNCT	,
On the Thursday of the British Grand Prix weekend, it was announced that Webber had agreed to a one year extension to his contract at Red Bull Racing, leaving him contracted there until the end of the 2009 season. During qualifying for the Grand Prix, Webber	Webber	PROPN	equalled	VERB	 equalled
Dooku overpowers Obi Wan and Anakin, but then Yoda arrives and engages the Count in a duel. Finding he is unable to defeat Yoda, Dooku flees. Arriving at Coruscant, he delivers blueprints for a superweapon to his Sith master, Darth Sidious, who confirms	confirms	VERB	that	SCONJ	 that
Both teams wound up losing in the 2005 ALDS, the Yankees to the Los Angeles Angels of Anaheim and the Red Sox to the eventual World Series champion that year, the Chicago White Sox. The Red Sox acquired starting pitcher Josh Beckett, who pitched a complete	complete	ADJ	game	NOUN	 game
Seven laps later, Stewart moved into eighth after passing Newman, and passed Bowyer for seventh on the 262nd lap. On lap 272, Johnson's lead of 3.5 seconds was reduced to nothing when the pace car moved on track. During the caution, which was	was	AUX	caused	VERB	 caused
Atkins played a more patient innings than Taylor, and scored the most runs for her side, accruing 40 from 85 balls. Claire Taylor came to the crease upon Sarah Taylor's dismissal and played with a similar attacking intent, striking four boundaries during her 21 runs	runs	NOUN	before	SCONJ	 before
Like all ships of her class, Habsburg was 113.11 m (371 ft) long at the waterline and was 114.55 m (375 ft 10 in) in overall length. She had a beam of 19.8 m (65 ft) and a draft of 7.5 m	m	NOUN	(	PUNCT	 (
Mr. Bean often seems unaware of basic aspects of the way the world works, and the programme usually features his attempts at what would normally be considered simple tasks, such as going swimming, using a television set, redecorating, or going to church. The humour	humour	NOUN	largely	ADV	 largely
The tower of the historic Lyttelton Timeball Station, which sustained damage from the February 2011 earthquake, collapsed after plans to dismantle the building had been initiated. Lyttelton Port, a major harbour in the region, suffered additional damage from the tremors and opted to initiate full	full	ADJ	engineering	NOUN	 engineering
He played most of his MLB career for the New York Giants (1915 – 1917, 1919 – 1926), but also played for the Pittsburgh Pirates (1917), Cincinnati Reds (1927 – 1930), Chicago Cubs (1930), and Brooklyn Dodgers	Dodgers	PROPN	(	PUNCT	 (
Gaelic continued to exist as a spoken language in the southern Hebrides throughout the Norse settlement period, but place name evidence suggests it had a lowly status. The obliteration of pre Norse names is almost total. There is little continuity of style between Pictish pottery in the	the	DET	north	NOUN	 north
A flood control bill in 1988 involving the Auburn Dam was also defeated. In 1992 and 1996, plans for restarting the Auburn project appeared in various water projects bills. However, even though the project was now leaning towards purely flood control instead of the original expensive	expensive	ADJ	multipurpose	NOUN	 multipurpose
They remained in contact after the couple left on a journey to Wales and Ireland. In April 1814, Hogg went to Ireland in an attempt to cheer up Percy Shelley, who had complained of poor spirits in a letter. The Shelleys did not receive Hogg's	's	PART	last	ADJ	 last
Rødovre Town Hall, completed in 1956, shows how well Jacobsen combined the use of different materials: sandstone, two types of glass, painted metalwork and stainless steel. Following in Jacobsen's footsteps, Denmark had some outstanding successes in 20th century architecture. Most notably	notably	ADV	,	PUNCT	,
Unaware that the deadline had been extended to the 23rd, Reuter ordered the ships to be sunk at the next opportunity. On the morning of 21 June, the British fleet left Scapa Flow to conduct training maneuvers, and at 11: 20 Reuter transmitted the order	order	NOUN	to	ADP	 to
The decision was also made with an eye on finances; Como earned around $125 per week from his barber shop while the job with Carlone paid $28 per week. Roselle was willing to travel with her husband and the band, but the salary was not	not	PART	enough	ADJ	 enough
Is it because they're both married now? Just growing up? Whatever, it's the opposite of Blair and Serena's annoyingly fickle frenemy status on Gossip Girl, and I can ’ t get enough. " New York Magazine praised the abortion storyline, saying	saying	VERB	that	SCONJ	 that
Lily Rothman from Time magazine compared the video for " Team " to Miley Cyrus ' " We Can't Stop " music video for their same " mythical settings " – a party (" We Can't Stop ") and an island (" Team ")	)	PUNCT	.	PUNCT	.
In 2003, Frank began contributing regularly to Overlawyered, a legal weblog edited by Walter Olson that advocates tort reform; he continued there through 2010. Frank joined the American Enterprise Institute in 2005 when AEI offered him a fellowship to research the effects of the Class Action	Action	PROPN	Fairness	PROPN	 Fairness
Of the city's population, 140,848 were enrolled in schools (39.8% in elementary school, 33.8% in secondary school, and 26.4% in high school). About 11,134 people received bachelor diplomas or higher diplomas. In 2006, there were 210 schools in	in	ADP	Gaza	PROPN	 Gaza
The IDA's stated aim is to assist the poorest nations in growing more quickly, equitably, and sustainably to reduce poverty. The IDA is the single largest provider of funds to economic and human development projects in the world's poorest nations. From 2000 to 2010	2010	NUM	,	PUNCT	,
Barcelona made an indifferent start to the 2000 – 01 season and by February 2001, journalist Sid Lowe commented it looked improbable that Lorenzo Serra Ferrer would remain as manager of the club. Wenger was touted as his replacement after reportedly meeting with Gaspart. Overmars believed his	his	PRON	former	ADJ	 former
He vanished into the jungles of Central India in 1819 and was killed by a tiger. On the orders of Elphinstone, General Smith arrived in Yerwada near Pune on 13 November at the site of the present Deccan College. Smith and his troops crossed the river on	on	ADP	15	NUM	 15
After the 1990 German reunification, Mölders ' grave was rebuilt and rededicated on 11 October 1991 by Mölders ' school friend and Domherr of the St. Hedwig's Cathedral, Heribert Rosal. The ceremony was witnessed by guests from the United States, Great Britain, Austria,	,	PUNCT	Spain	PROPN	 Spain
Bethesda's Oblivion was released simultaneously for console and PC, but was considered a major launch title for the Xbox 360 and PlayStation 3. The change of focus from the PC platform to console systems has been criticized, due to the concessions required to adapt games to	to	ADP	the	DET	 the
At the time of Dōsei's production, Tactics ' first game, four of Key's original staff worked on the game: Itaru Hinoue as art director, Shinji Orito as musical composer, and Miracle Mikipon and Shinory contributing to the computer graphics. After Dōsei,	,	PUNCT	the	DET	 the
His late dates and early morning parties were the talk of several towns. " Paley ordered Stanton to fire Aubrey, and he did so on February 27, 1965, though the announcement was delayed until the following afternoon, a Sunday. Stanton's statement declared:	:	PUNCT	Jim	PROPN	 Jim
It was the first time in school history that the team defeated three consecutive AP Poll top 10 opponents, and the first time since the 2006 – 07 Florida Gators that any team — and the first time since the 1986 – 87 Iowa Hawkeyes that a Big Ten	Ten	NUM	team	NOUN	 team
When MacArthur was recalled from retirement in July 1941 to become commander of United States Army Forces in the Far East (USAFFE) at the age of 61, he united the Philippine and United States Armies under one command. In getting the Philippine Army ready for war	war	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
Northern Ireland, consisting of six of the 32 Irish counties which had been established as a devolved region under the 1920 Government of Ireland Act, immediately exercised its option under the treaty to retain its existing status within the United Kingdom. A similar struggle began in India	India	PROPN	when	SCONJ	 when
The rhyme does not explicitly state that the subject is an egg, possibly because it may have been originally posed as a riddle. There are also various theories of an original " Humpty Dumpty ". One, advanced by Katherine Elwes Thomas in 1930 and adopted by	by	ADP	Robert	PROPN	 Robert
India legalised abortion through legislation in the early 1970s. However, access remains limited to cities. Less than 20 percent of health care centres are able to provide the necessary services for an abortion. The current lack of access is attributed to a shortage of physicians and	and	CCONJ	lack	NOUN	 lack
He started drinking, and relationships between him and the rest of the band became strained, particularly with Blackmore. On 6 November 1971, he collapsed with hepatitis while waiting to board a plane in Chicago, cancelling the remainder of a US tour. By December 1972	1972	NUM	,	PUNCT	,
In Canada, it lives in New Brunswick and Nova Scotia but not in Quebec or Prince Edward Island. To the south it is not found in the coastal lowlands of southern North Carolina, South Carolina, or Georgia, or in southern Georgia in general or at	at	ADV	all	ADV	 all
Raptor involves players controlling raptors to feed a baby dinosaur, while others play as cavemen that have to steal dinosaur eggs. Heist engrosses players in the robbery of a bank, where the goal is to retrieve a cash bag from the center of the level and run	run	VERB	with	ADP	 with
The 3.1 refers to 3.1% of all 18- to 49 year olds in the U.S. and the 8 refers to 8% of all 18- to 49 year olds watching television at the time of the broadcast, in the U.S. This episode also ranked in first place in	in	ADP	the	DET	 the
The FN pursued interventionist policies with regards to the new cultural complexion of their towns by directly influencing artistic events, cinema schedules, and library holdings, as well as cutting or halting subsidies for multicultural associations. The party won Vitrolles, its fourth town, in a	a	DET	1997	NUM	 1997
The album entered the Billboard 200 at number twenty two, and was certified 4x platinum by the RIAA in 2001 after being initially certified gold in 1999. The album sold well despite being initially pulled from the shelves in some stores due to concerns over some of its	its	PRON	lyrical	ADJ	 lyrical
Instead, the XLVIII Panzer Corps held a line along the Chir River, beating off successive Soviet attacks. General Hermann Balck used the 11th Panzer Division to counterattack Soviet salients. On the verge of collapse, the German units were able to hold the line, but	but	CCONJ	the	DET	 the
. The Star Ledger dismissed the performance, writing that " paper dolls have more depth. " The film, with its revenues totalling $145 million, allowed Grant to mock disposable pop stardom and fleeting celebrity through its washed up lead character. According to the San	San	PROPN	Francisco	PROPN	 Francisco
He suffered from chronic stomach problems as well as knock knees, for which he was forced to wear painful corrective splints. Queen Victoria died on 22 January 1901, and the Prince of Wales succeeded her as King Edward VII. Prince Albert moved up to third in	in	ADP	line	NOUN	 line
After a stay in Jamaica, Fox's first landfall on the North American continent was at Maryland, where he participated in a four day meeting of local Quakers. He remained there while various of his English companions travelled to the other colonies, because he wished to	to	PART	meet	VERB	 meet
The best agricultural land is in the broad Tywi Valley, especially its lower reaches. With its fertile land and agricultural produce, Carmarthenshire is known as the " Garden of Wales ". The lowest bridge over the river is at Carmarthen, and the Towi Estuary cuts	cuts	VERB	the	DET	 the
" Thomas's widow, Frances, gave Ward photographs of her husband and lent him Thomas ' uniform and saddle to help with the design. After he finished the plaster model in 1879, Ward invited Thomas ' family, Society officers, and members of the press	press	NOUN	to	ADP	 to
An earthen ring at Parracombe is believed to be a Neolithic henge dating from 5000 – 4000 BC, and Cow Castle, which is where White Water meets the River Barle, is an Iron Age fort at the top of a conical hill. Tarr Steps are a	a	DET	prehistoric	ADJ	 prehistoric
Selected as the lead single of Wanderlust, the song was released as a standalone digital download on 21 November of that year. A CD single of the track was sent to radio stations in that month, including the album version of it as well as a radio	radio	NOUN	edit	NOUN	 edit
" Fuse writer Jeff Benjamin described the song as being reminiscent of 1960s girl group The Ronettes but with a more modern feel for 2015 radio, highlighting the line " They try to romance me but you got that nasty and that's what I want " as an	an	DET	example	NOUN	 example
He said it was " most visible and aesthetically enticing after dark ", while its " unique, idiosyncratic form appears somewhat less enticing " during the day. During the NCPC meeting in 2007 giving final approval to the building, a National Park Service representative said "	"	PUNCT	This	DET	 This
He was promoted to First Sergeant only six weeks later, a development that Atack attributes to the fact that the unit he joined – the 20th Marine Corps Reserve – was actually a training unit connected with George Washington University. His character was rated " excellent " but	but	CCONJ	on	ADP	 on
The building features 270 one - three bedroom condominiums and penthouses that range between 890 square feet (83 m2) to 2,045 square feet (190 m2). The condominiums and penthouses range in price from US $550,00 to US $12 million. The building's	's	PART	amenities	NOUN	 amenities
He still had no driver, and had his wagon pulled to Tenino by horses, with the oxen trailing behind. He appealed to a local quarry for a suitable stone, which was carved and was dedicated in Tenino at a ceremony on the 21st. He had	had	VERB	less	ADJ	 less
Both the Soviet Union and the United States obtained valuable Arabian bloodlines as spoils of war, which they used to strengthen their breeding programs. The Soviets had taken steps to protect their breeding stock at Tersk Stud, and by utilizing horses captured in Poland they were able	able	ADJ	to	PART	 to
After he was unable to get the episode pulled, he decided to go public with his concerns shortly before the episode aired. He stated that his reasons for doing so were that he hoped Brooks would have a change of heart and pull the episode, and that	that	SCONJ	"	PUNCT	 "
Then, after integration, comes an explosive expansion of the culture conquest.... Then a withering of the mother culture, and the rebellious rise of young cultures. " The third part, " Fiat Voluntas Tua ", includes a debate between future Church and state stances	stances	NOUN	on	ADP	 on
It was an opportunity that was taken in the Second World War when the highly successful Double Cross System was implemented. The court martial was held over three days between Friday 30 October and Monday 2 November. Lody was charged with two offences of war treason concerning the	the	DET	two	NUM	 two
Most kont storytellers work with local traditions, such as legends and history, and provide an ethical or moral message. A one line theme song, often based around a duet between two characters, recurs throughout most kont performances. Unlike most Dominican folk songs, children	children	NOUN	's	PART	's
Mahan was built by United Dry Docks (successor to the Morse Dry Dock and Repair Company) in Staten Island, New York. Her keel was laid down on 12 June 1934 and she was launched on 15 October 1935, sponsored by Kathleen H. Mahan (the	the	DET	admiral	NOUN	 admiral
Appleby added that fundamentalism blames public schools and its associated state apparatus as both a manufacturer enemy needed to feed its " sense of crisis " and for creating " unsafe " areas unregulated by " Christian truth ". Sociologist Susan Rose " broadens the base " of God	God	PROPN	's	PART	's
Academic Tricia Jenkins, meanwhile, sees that Bond as " hyperheterosexual ", as he is " more masculine, more sexually desirable, more heterosexual than the others around him ". Bond girls became a major theme in many Bond film posters, beginning with Dr. No	No	PROPN	;	PUNCT	;
The Syndicat du Cheval de Trait Auxois (Auxois Draft Horse Association) is the national registry, managing the stud book, breed standard and promotion of the breed. An annual breed competition is held in September in Semur en Auxois. The Burgandy region continues to celebrate	celebrate	VERB	the	DET	 the
" God Help the Outcasts " was written by composer Alan Menken and lyricist Stephen Schwartz, both songwriters who had just recently collaborated on writing the music for Disney's Pocahontas (1995). Upon completing " God Help the Outcasts ", Menken and Schwartz composed "	"	PUNCT	Someday	NOUN	 Someday
And in a country where we teach our children that everyone is equal under the law, discriminating against same sex couples just isn't right. It's as simple as that. " At the 2012 DNC Michelle said, " Barack knows the American Dream because he	he	PRON	's	AUX	's
In central Orleans County, NY 18 meets the Lake Ontario State Parkway at the Lakeside Beach State Park. The parkway then becomes the lakeside road, and NY 18 veers south to follow a more inland routing. NY 18 begins at a junction with NY 104 south	south	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
Shearer had previously had talks about, but never been offered, a full time manager's role at Newcastle until his appointment on 1 April 2009. In a surprise move, late on 1 April 2009, it was announced that Shearer would become the manager of his	his	PRON	former	ADJ	 former
The government had indicated that stronger military action would be implemented if the talks failed. Negotiations collapsed after the execution of 23 Pakistani Frontier Corps soldiers by the Taliban on 17 February 2014. The soldiers had been held by the insurgents since 2010, and on 17 April	April	PROPN	2014	NUM	 2014
His first start for Trinidad was in a 3 – 0 defeat to Northern Ireland on 6 June 2004. He played in three 2006 FIFA World Cup qualifiers for Trinidad, playing against Saint Kitts and Nevis once and Mexico twice. Boucaud was called up by Trinidad for	for	ADP	the	DET	 the
The lower two thirds are dominated by heavy red and white pigments; browns and whites are prominent in the upper right hand section. This division is delineated by a diagonal reaching from the upper edge of the curtain down to Ottavio's leggings in the right mid ground	ground	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
In October 2013, Michaels won a fan poll to become special guest referee for the Hell in a Cell match between Daniel Bryan and Randy Orton for the vacant WWE Championship. There, he superkicked Bryan, allowing Orton to pick up the win. The next night	night	NOUN	on	ADP	 on
On July 9, 2002, the day after the White House Medal of Honor ceremony, Secretary of the Army Thomas E. White and Army Chief of Staff General Eric K. Shinseki inducted Versace into the Pentagon Hall of Heroes. In 2003, he was inducted into the	the	DET	Military	PROPN	 Military
, and is a scenic route from either SR 238 or SR 262 (CalTrans's designation is unclear; just defines it as Mission Blvd.) to the Contra Costa county line, and from the Alameda county line to SR 24. It's routed legislatively as	as	ADP	(	PUNCT	 (
However, the Half King seemed to have lost confidence in the British cause, and he and his followers soon abandoned the British camp. This complete loss of Indian support prompted Washington to withdraw his work crews back to Fort Necessity. Not long afterward, a force	force	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
I had some experience of successful mounted surprise attacks on the Boer camps in the South African war. When the possibility of a charge by mounted infantry riding home, was raised in the Australian Mounted Division's Preliminary Instruction No. 1 (dated 26 October 1917)	)	PUNCT	;	PUNCT	;
Jardine threatened to withdraw his team from the Fourth and Fifth Tests unless the Australian Board retracted the accusation of unsporting behaviour. The MCC responded angrily to the accusations of unsporting conduct, played down the Australian claims about the danger of Bodyline and threatened to call off the	the	DET	tour	NOUN	 tour
The original plan called for the use of Junkers Ju 52 transport aircraft, but the short landing capability of the Fi 156 (27 metres) saw 200 of these aircraft used in the assault. The operational mission was to: 1. Cut signal communications and message	message	NOUN	links	NOUN	 links
On 9 June, she and Guam bombarded Oki Daitō. TG 38.4 then steamed to San Pedro Bay in the Leyte Gulf for rest and maintenance; the ship remained there from 13 June until 13 July, when she was assigned to Cruiser Task Force 95 along with	with	ADP	her	PRON	 her
" Her ninth album Body Language was quite different from her musical experiments in the past as it was a " successful " attempt at broadening her sound with electro and hip hop for instance. Incorporating styles of dance music with funk, disco and R & B,	,	PUNCT	the	DET	 the
A conference in Haguenau began on 12 June 1540, but during a month's discussion the two sides failed to agree on a common starting point. They decided to reconvene in Worms. Melanchthon led the Protestants, with Bucer a major influence behind the scenes. When	When	SCONJ	the	DET	 the
At the time, Kiedis was very uncomfortable with his singing voice, and felt that the new style was " sappy ". Kiedis also observed that guitarist Hillel Slovak's playing evolved during his time away from the group in What Is This?, and that Slovak	Slovak	PROPN	had	AUX	 had
Rovio complained that Microsoft had not asked permission to make such a statement, noting that at that time it had not committed to design a Windows Phone version. Although Rovio asked Microsoft to revise its site to remove references to the game, a Windows Phone version was	was	AUX	ultimately	ADV	 ultimately
That same year, the Ottoman forces took Vrana, while Nadin and Perušić fell in 1538. Months after the fall of Klis, the Ottoman – Venetian War of 1537 1540 started, and in that war, as well as the Ottoman – Venetian War of 1570	1570	NUM	1573	NUM	 1573
The song was released as the first single from the remix album, Blood on the Dance Floor: HIStory in the Mix. Jackson and Teddy Riley created the track in time for the 1991 release of Dangerous. However, it did not appear on that record and	and	CCONJ	was	AUX	 was
After obtaining the better of the two endings with Jonathan and Charlotte, the player will unlock a prologue to the main story, " Sisters Mode ", and additional stages in the Boss Rush Mode. Completing the game also gives the player the option to increase the	the	DET	difficulty	NOUN	 difficulty
Shortly after its release, the album sold over 500,000 copies in its first five months, eventually selling over 1 million copies by 1988, according to the Recording Industry Association of America. Radio peaked at number 6 on the Top R & B / Hip Hop Albums	Albums	PROPN	chart	NOUN	 chart
The player is rewarded with treasures that include magical weapons, armor items, and potions. Players can code their own features into the game. While a computer science student at Purdue University, Daniel Lawrence wrote several hobbyist computer games for the university's PDP 11 RSTS	RSTS	NOUN	/	SYM	 /
Despite Honda alluding to running the engine at its peak performance at the Hungarian Grand Prix, the former driver and Sky Sports commentator Martin Brundle opined that he felt McLaren were pursuing a research and development programme rather than a pure racing programme, and so were looking for	for	ADP	different	ADJ	 different
Balfe's collaborator Hans Zimmer joined him as producer in August 2013. On 27 April 2013, five months before the game's debut, Quantic Dream released a new trailer and demonstrated 35 minutes of the game at the 2013 Tribeca Film Festival, with both Page and	and	CCONJ	Cage	PROPN	 Cage
" Khalid Mohamed of Deccan Chronicle gave the film 2.5 stars and wrote, " board Chennai Express at your own risk ". Rajeev Masand of CNN IBN gave the film 2 / 5 rating and said the film was a " big, fat " bore. He	He	PRON	commented	VERB	 commented
They were able to berth over 300 sailing vessels simultaneously, but by 1971 they closed, no longer able to accommodate modern shipping. The most central docks, St Katharine Docks, were built in 1828 to accommodate luxury goods, clearing the slums that lay in the	the	DET	area	NOUN	 area
The cyclotron's 50 ton magnet was manufactured in Trafford Park by Metropolitan Vickers, which also made the vacuum chamber. The cyclotron was completely installed and running in July 1939. The total cost of £5,184 was more than Chadwick had received from the University and the	the	DET	Royal	PROPN	 Royal
Jake and a county prosecutor tell Keith that they will get a judge's order and will return to prosecute Veronica. The supercomputer processes the names of all the Castle members just as Keith hands over the surveillance tape to the county prosecutor. Logan tries to apologize to	to	ADP	Veronica	PROPN	 Veronica
Both HDMI and DVI use TMDS to send 10 bit characters that are encoded using 8b / 10b encoding that differs from the original IBM form for the Video Data Period and 2b / 10b encoding for the Control Period. HDMI adds the ability to send audio and auxiliary	auxiliary	ADJ	data	NOUN	 data
In the video games, Pikachu is a low level Pokémon, which has appeared in all of the games except Black and White naturally without having to trade. The game Pokémon Yellow features a Pikachu as the only available Starter Pokémon. Based on the Pikachu from the	the	DET	Pokémon	PROPN	 Pokémon
This early split between Boodontia and Aegodontia has been attributed to the continental divide between these land masses. When these continents were later rejoined, this barrier was removed, and either group expanded into the territory of the other. The tribes Bovini and Tragelaphini diverged in the	the	DET	early	ADJ	 early
On October 29, 2010, the nighttime show World of Color at Disney California Adventure Park began soft openings after its second show of a Tron: Legacy themed encore using a Daft Punk music piece titled " The Game Has Changed " from the film soundtrack, using	using	VERB	new	ADJ	 new
Thrice posted a poll for fans to vote for which song from Beggars to use for a music video. " All the World is Mad ", " The Weight ", " Circles " and " In Exile " were the choices for the poll, with "	"	PUNCT	In	ADP	 In
The struggle over land resources was one source of conflict. Large areas of the western plain were subject to large land rents called Huan Da Zu (番大租 — literally, " Barbarian Big Rent "), a category which remained until the period of Japanese colonization.	.	PUNCT	The	DET	 The
But still, the film holds, and hold us with it. " Manjusha Radhakrishnan of Gulf News rated the film 4 out of 5 stars; while he criticized the terrorists ' lack of depth and weak points in Neerja's second half, he wrote that "	"	PUNCT	the	DET	 the
During her time at Missouri, McClintock expanded her research on the effect of X rays on maize cytogenetics. McClintock observed the breakage and fusion of chromosomes in irradiated maize cells. She was also able to show that, in some plants, spontaneous chromosome breakage occurred in	in	ADP	the	DET	 the
The antecedent might be seen in the name of an Edomite king: Ḳaus gabri or Kauš Gabr, found on an inscription of Tiglathpileser III. The Romans gave it a Greek name, Eleutheropolis (Ἐλευθερόπολις), meaning " City of the Free ". In the	the	DET	Peutinger	PROPN	 Peutinger
It received a nomination for Best Song to Dance To at the 2014 Radio Disney Music Awards, losing to Selena Gomez's " Birthday ". In 2015, " Wings " was voted the favourite girl group single by Billboard magazine readers, ahead of the Spice Girls	Girls	PROPN	'	PART	 '
The evidence indicates the cave was occupied from at least 7280 BC to 1580 AD. Besides projectile points, the cave also produced well preserved feathers, animal hides and other usually perishable materials. Additionally, the mummified remains of an individual buried inside a rock cairn were	were	AUX	unearthed	VERB	 unearthed
Vertu and Régénerée passed undetected into the Atlantic until they halted at the Îles de Los on 24 April. There they were discovered by the 32 gun frigate HMS Pearl under Captain Samuel James Ballard. Sailing to investigate Ballard came under fire from the French ships and was	was	AUX	forced	VERB	 forced
The panel included the experts on Islamic geometric pattern Carol Bier, Jay Bonner, Eric Broug, Hacali Necefoğlu and Reza Sarhangi. In Britain, The Prince's School of Traditional Arts runs a range of courses in Islamic art including geometry, calligraphy, and arabesque (	(	PUNCT	vegetal	ADJ	vegetal
Music journalist Aidin Vaziri criticized the song, stating, " [the] Black Eyed Peas rapper completely erases Paul McCartney's vocal track from the original duet to make room for himself spouting nonsense such as, ' I call her mommy and she call me papa /	/	PUNCT	I	PRON	 I
Many of the parks are located along the Niagara Escarpment, which runs from Tobermory at the tip of the Bruce Peninsula in the north, to Queenston at the Niagara River in the south, and provides views of the cities and towns at the western end of Lake	Lake	PROPN	Ontario	PROPN	 Ontario
His academic career was interrupted by war service during which he suffered severe wounds; after his return to Oxford in 1919 he became dean of Hertford, and in 1930, principal of the college. It was during his tenure as dean that the feud with Waugh developed	developed	VERB	while	SCONJ	 while
Overpeck County Park, along the shores of Overpeck Creek, a tributary of the Hackensack River, is more than 800 acres (3.2 km2) in size, of which about 500 were donated by Teaneck, and which is also in portions of Englewood, Leonia,	,	PUNCT	Ridgefield	PROPN	 Ridgefield
In 1928, he founded the Voorhis School for Boys and became its headmaster. He retained the post into his congressional career. In the House of Representatives, Voorhis was a loyal supporter of the New Deal and compiled a liberal voting record. His major legislative achievement	achievement	NOUN	was	AUX	 was
The Australians were behind on the first innings for the first time on the tour and the match remained in the balance until the third afternoon. On a drying pitch, the hosts reached 116 / 3 before losing their remaining wickets for 79 to be all out for	for	ADP	195	NUM	 195
A major benefit of biodiesel is lower carbon emissions, although the energy balance of liquid biofuels is a matter of controversy. Research is being undertaken into converting rapeseed oil into biodiesel, and the European biofuels directive intends to ensure that 5.75% Europe's transport fuel comes	comes	VERB	from	ADP	 from
Liverpool's participation in the UEFA Champions League in the 2001 – 02 season saw the club reach the quarter finals, where they were eliminated by German team Bayer Leverkusen 4 – 3 on aggregate. The season was Liverpool's best in the league in recent years,	,	PUNCT	as	SCONJ	 as
" " Superstar " was released as a promotional single in Brazil on December 3, 2012. Readers of Brazilian newspaper Folha de S.Paulo received a free copy of the single together with their newspaper. The single features the original album version along with a remixed version by	by	ADP	DJ	PROPN	 DJ
Markham retired from his post in 1877, his 22 years of service entitling him to a pension. Meanwhile, the main expedition, under the command of Captain George Nares, had proceeded north with the two ships HMS Discovery and HMS Alert. On 1 September 1875	1875	NUM	they	PRON	 they
In the eastern Pacific, hawksbills are known to occur from the Baja Peninsula in Mexico south along the coast to southern Peru. Nonetheless, as recently as 2007, the species had been considered largely extirpated in the region. Important remnant nesting and foraging sites have since	since	SCONJ	been	AUX	 been
After finishing Yuka, Haruka, Saki, and Kurumi's routes, the player gets access to the Izumi Cure route, in which Makoto learns that Izumi and Okuhiko had deceived him into thinking that his premonitions were true. Makoto confronts Izumi, after which both he	he	PRON	and	CCONJ	 and
The proposed definition of the second is effectively the same as the current definition, the only difference being that the conditions under which the measurements are made are more rigorously defined. Current definition: The second is the duration of 9192631770 periods of the radiation corresponding to the	the	DET	transition	NOUN	 transition
As he grows up he aspires to emulate Les ' criminal dealings. Pippa and Tom take Frank in as their first foster child. Upon moving to Summer Bay, Frank tries to get a job in Alf Stewart's (Ray Meagher) shop where he meets Roo	Roo	PROPN	.	PUNCT	.
Czarniecki is remembered as one of the most able Polish commanders of all times. Podhorecki called him the greatest Polish military expert in " hit and run tactics ", and notes that he was the longest serving of the major Polish military commanders of his era, that	that	SCONJ	he	PRON	 he
They attend a party where several people ask Sol for drugs, leaving him annoyed. Naz sells them fake drugs, but when they complain, Sol gives their money back and they leave. Back in Walford, Naz kisses Sol to avoid being seen by Ekin Beg	Beg	PROPN	(	PUNCT	 (
Stalin also recognized that with a strong civil aviation sector he could supply necessary equipment and materials to prisoners in the Gulag, increasing their efficiency and production output. By 1933, Soviet aviation delegations and engineers, some for as long as six months at a time,	,	PUNCT	were	AUX	 were
These are some of the Thiele / Small parameters which can either be measured or found with the driver specifications. After the introduction of Sensurround, movie theater owners began installing permanent subwoofer systems. Dolby Stereo 70 mm Six Track was a six channel film sound format introduced	introduced	VERB	in	ADP	 in
Miller was the keynote speaker at the first convention of the Association for Psychological Science in 1989. He was a Fulbright research fellow at Oxford University in 1964 – 65, and in 1991, received the National Medal of Science. In his later years, Miller enjoyed	enjoyed	VERB	playing	VERB	 playing
In addition, there were several colonial enclaves controlled by France and Portugal. The political integration of these territories into India was a declared objective of the Indian National Congress, and the Government of India pursued this over the next decade. Through a combination of factors,	,	PUNCT	Sardar	PROPN	 Sardar
Even with these drawbacks, Koei went on to release two expansions for Dynasty Warriors 4 Xtreme Legends and Dynasty Warriors 4 Empires. It had also been ported to the Xbox and to the PC as a Hyper edition. Armchair Empire commented that when there is a lot	lot	NOUN	happening	VERB	 happening
He was serving as NGA chair at the time the Tina Conner scandal broke, and planned to resign his chairmanship in November 2002. Nevertheless, the other governors rallied around him, convincing him to remain in the position. Together with his Republican vice chair, Idaho	Idaho	PROPN	's	PART	's
Following a protest from Force India, Hülkenberg was issued a 20 second time penalty after the stewards deemed him to have gained an advantage by corner cutting. This ruling meant Hülkenberg was demoted to tenth while Massa moved up to eighth and Sutil inherited ninth. Force India	India	PROPN	withdrew	VERB	 withdrew
Menahem ben Saruq explains that the word is derived from the Hebrew Ve ' hateif and Tatifoo, both expressions meaning " speech ", " for when one sees the tefillin it causes him to remember and speak about The Exodus from Egypt. " The first texts to	to	PART	use	VERB	 use
Critics singled out the track the one that resonates the Wall of Sound the most. The second track, " Underneath the Tree ", was written by Clarkson and Kurstin, making it the first time they had co written a track together. Clarkson remarked, "	"	PUNCT	Greg	PROPN	 Greg
Druckmann felt that players, specifically parents, would be able to relate to Joel's character and his bonding with Ellie. Baker believes that Joel discovers morality throughout the game's narrative, working out the difference between loss and sacrifice, and his true personality begins to	to	PART	show	VERB	 show
By 1988 South Glamorgan County Council had agreed to change the design of the link road, despite having already spent 6 years of design work on the link road meant that a tunnel had to be built instead. The cost of the Butetown Link Road was estimated to	to	PART	cost	VERB	 cost
The storm turned northward on September 9 and accelerated toward the northern Gulf Coast under the influence of a mid- to upper level trough. Florence became a hurricane just hours before landfall on the western Mississippi Delta. The storm rapidly weakened over southeastern Louisiana and lost all its	its	PRON	deep	ADJ	 deep
Before the report could be voted on by the Assembly, Japan announced its intention to push further into China. The report passed 42 – 1 in the Assembly in 1933 (only Japan voting against), but instead of removing its troops from China, Japan withdrew	withdrew	VERB	from	ADP	 from
As noted by Neil McGreevy of the BBC, LocoRoco " is the best game Nintendo never made. " A common complaint for the game reviewers was the repetitive nature of the game, as no new gameplay mechanics are introduced after the player learns to roll and jump	jump	VERB	,	PUNCT	,
" Private Paul G. Bennett, 21, of C Battery, U.S. 17th Field Artillery Regiment, 1st Infantry Division, was a four year veteran of the U.S. Army, and had served in the division since March 1943. Records show he had no medical history until	until	ADP	6	NUM	 6
He was quickly asked for his ID, ordered to face the wall, and then handcuffed. Abath believed the arrest was a misunderstanding, until he realized he hadn't been frisked before being cuffed, and one officer's mustache was made of wax. The second	second	ADJ	security	NOUN	 security
It took place from 7 – 9 August 1942 on the Solomon Islands, during the initial Allied landings in the Guadalcanal campaign. In the battle, U.S. Marines, under the overall command of U.S. Major General Alexander Vandegrift, successfully landed and captured the islands of Tulagi	Tulagi	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
One notable example is Dale Pendell's work " Pharmako / Poeia — Plant Powers, Poisons, and Herbcraft ", which won the 1996 Firecracker Alternative Book Award and has a chapter dedicated to Salvia divinorum. It includes some experience accounts: It's very intense,	,	PUNCT	I	PRON	 I
The same day, Selena and Saldívar argued by telephone; Selena hung up and told Pérez she could no longer trust Saldívar. According to Quintanilla, Jr., there were four attempts to murder Selena. Selena removed Saldívar's name from the boutique's bank account on	on	ADP	March	PROPN	 March
On 10 December 1907 1,000 medical students marched through central London waving effigies of the brown dog on sticks, clashing with suffragettes, trade unionists and 400 police officers, one of a series of battles known as the Brown Dog riots. In March 1910, tired of	of	ADP	the	DET	 the
However, it appears that Yamamoto may have been more angry over the loss of one of his battleships (Hiei) than he was over the abandonment of the supply mission and failure to completely destroy the U.S. force. Shortly before noon, Yamamoto ordered Vice Admiral Nobutake	Nobutake	PROPN	Kondō	PROPN	 Kondō
A waiter brought champagne to Eugenides, and Greek women started kissing him. When journalists called Eugenides, he declined to take their calls, saying in an interview later that he wanted to " celebrate the moment instead of leaping immediately into the media maelstrom ". The	The	DET	novel	NOUN	 novel
Initially, he planned on taking over the family farm in Engelsdorf and following graduation attended the agriculture school in Wurzen. Aged 15, he became a glider pilot, joining the glider club on the " Schwarzer Berg " (Black Mountain) at Taucha. Bär then	then	ADV	wanted	VERB	 wanted
Grüner Hockey uses the hockey rink, with their main men's team playing in the First Division. The club house is used by Sportsklubben av 1909, Grüner IL and Fighter Kickboxingklubb. The first speed skating competition took place on 24 January 1917, and the stadium	stadium	NOUN	remained	VERB	 remained
Gwen's work begins to take a toll on her personal life in series one (2006), but her marriage to Rhys (Kai Owen) keeps her grounded, even as her responsibilities increase in series two (2008). In Children of Earth (2009	2009	NUM	)	PUNCT	)
Larger groups of startled guinea pigs " stampede ", running in haphazard directions as a means of confusing predators. When excited, guinea pigs may repeatedly perform little hops in the air (known as " popcorning "), a movement analogous to the ferret's war	war	NOUN	dance	NOUN	 dance
Texas Band The Toadies covered A Forest for their 2008 album No Deliverance. This version was an iTunes exclusive bonus track. Sophie Barker released a recording on her double A side single " A Forest / Say Goodbye " which was released on 31 October 2011. Ror	Ror	PROPN	Shak	PROPN	 Shak
Workers from the World Health Organization and Médecins Sans Frontières (Doctors Without Borders) provided medical assistance to residents in Toamasina during the storm. Damaged roads contributed to economic contraction, after trucks were unable to use roads and bridges in the eastern portion of the country.	.	PUNCT	By	ADP	 By
" Like Ice T's gangsta rap albums, Body Count's material focused on various social and political issues, with songs focusing on topics ranging from police brutality to drug abuse. According to Ernie C, " Everybody writes about whatever they learned growing up, and	and	CCONJ	we	PRON	 we
In addition, 29 metastable states have been characterized. The most stable of these is 120m1Sb with a half life of 5.76 days. Isotopes that are lighter than the stable 123Sb tend to decay by β + decay, and those that are heavier tend to decay by	by	ADP	β	DET	 β
In 2001, the Hergé Foundation demanded the recall of the Chinese translation of the work, which had been released with the title Tintin in Chinese Tibet. The work was subsequently published with the correct translation of the title. Accepting on behalf of the Hergé Foundation,	,	PUNCT	Hergé	PROPN	 Hergé
Persians use the Anti Arab racial slur " Arabe malakh khor " (عرب ملخ خور) (Arab locust eater) against Arabs. The Iranian rap artist Behzad Pax released a song in 2015 called " Arab Kosh " (عرب كش) (Kill Arabs) which	which	PRON	was	AUX	 was
She also thought " [Juliet has] this kind of wonderful mind, and I think that Ben probably has a tremendous respect for that. It's not because Juliet is so enticing, it's just the fact that she's got this amazing mind, she	she	PRON	has	VERB	 has
On the French release, The New York Times wrote that " It is the French version of Fritz Lang's production, " Le Testament du Dr. Mabuse " (" Dr. Mabuse's Will "). It is a hallucinating and horrifying story, depicted with great	great	ADJ	power	NOUN	 power
It was released to Radio Disney on January 19, 2009 as promotion for Hannah Montana: The Movie and its soundtrack. The song is also included on the Hannah Montana 3 soundtrack. A karaoke version is available in Disney's Karaoke Series: Hannah Montana 3.	.	PUNCT	The	DET	 The
She knows instinctively what to do on those occasions. She doesn't rise to being heckled at all; she just pretends it must be an oversight on the part of the people doing it. The way she reacted not only showed her presence of mind, but	but	CCONJ	was	AUX	 was
Fusō served as a troop transport in 1943, while Yamashiro was relegated to training duty in the Inland Sea. Both underwent upgrades to their anti aircraft suite in 1944 before transferring to Singapore in August 1944. Fusō and Yamashiro were the only two Japanese battleships at the	the	DET	Battle	PROPN	 Battle
As the Luftwaffe meteorological centre in Paris had predicted two weeks of stormy weather, some Wehrmacht commanders were away from the front attending war games in Rennes, and many soldiers had been given leave. On D Day, Rommel was in Germany for his wife's birthday	birthday	NOUN	and	CCONJ	 and
The working title was Captain Scarlet – The New Millennium. Produced in London by the Moving Picture Company, the film features Francis Matthews and Ed Bishop reprising the roles of Captains Scarlet and Blue. Made using a combination of Maya 3D computer graphics software and motion capture	capture	NOUN	technology	NOUN	 technology
Augsburg and Albatross were intercepted by a powerful Russian squadron commanded by Rear Admiral Bakhirev, consisting of three armored and two light cruisers. Commodore Johannes von Karpf, the flotilla commander, ordered the slower Albatross to steam for neutral Swedish waters and recalled Roon and Lübeck.	.	PUNCT	Albatross	PROPN	 Albatross
Of the song R & B writer Nelson George proclaimed, " [It] became a Jackson signature similar to the way " My Way " served Frank Sinatra. The vulnerability, verging on fragility that would become embedded in Michael's persona found, perhaps, its	its	PRON	richest	ADJ	 richest
Passengers, pedestrians, bicycles, motorcyclists and mopeds are free. As of 2011, the fees are NOK 85 for cars and NOK 270 for trucks. Frequent travelers can prepay for at least 40 passings to the toll company, and receive a 40 percent discount.	.	PUNCT	It	PRON	 It
In terms of concert goers, it is the busiest indoor arena in the world ahead of Madison Square Garden in New York and The O2 Arena in London, the second and third busiest respectively. Other major venues include the Manchester Apollo, Albert Hall and the Manchester	Manchester	PROPN	Academy	PROPN	 Academy
' " That year, Roger Corman took AIP down a new road: " When they asked me to make two ten day black and white horror films to play as a double feature, I convinced them instead to finance one horror film in color. " The	The	DET	resulting	VERB	 resulting
Murdoch was seconded to the Department of Defence in January 1956 as Deputy Secretary (Military). By February 1958, he had been made a substantive air vice marshal and appointed Deputy Chief of the Air Staff. In October 1959, Murdoch was posted to London as	as	ADP	Head	PROPN	 Head
Local rivals Manchester United were the opposition in the semi finals. Neither side was able to score in a fiery match at Hillsborough, which The Guardian referred to as " a sordid shambles that would have been flattered by being played on an ashpit. " The match	match	NOUN	was	AUX	 was
After the 1972 World Chess Championship, Fischer did not play a competitive game in public for nearly 20 years. In 1977 in Cambridge, Massachusetts, he played three games against the MIT Greenblatt computer program, winning them all. On May 26, 1981, while	while	SCONJ	walking	VERB	 walking
" Patrick also criticised Jack's personality throughout the episode, stating " we wanted a spinoff series about him because he was cocky, cool and downright entertaining - Buzz Lightyear meets Ace Rimmer meets James Bond. We didn't want some grumpy immortal bastard with a chip	chip	NOUN	on	ADP	 on
" Jordan's new car, the EJ10B, was also introduced that weekend; the team had used their primary 2000 car, the EJ10, for the previous ten races. Originally due to be introduced at the previous race in Austria, the car was required to	to	PART	undergo	VERB	 undergo
Indeed, says Granger, the themes of love triumphing over death and choosing what is right instead of what is easy are very compatible with Christianity. In 2000, the Dean of Canterbury Cathedral refused to allow his church to be filmed as part of Hogwarts in the	the	DET	Harry	PROPN	 Harry
Archaeoacoustics in the tell beneath the Temple of Bel indicated traces of cultic activity dated to 2300 BC. Palmyra entered the historical record during the Bronze Age around 2000 BC, when Puzur Ishtar the Tadmorean (Palmyrene) agreed to a contract at an Assyrian trading colony in	in	ADP	Kultepe	PROPN	 Kultepe
Some people, such as ones who are walking around New York or wearing Yankee emblems, have their faces shown or blurred out. Keys and Jay Z, both wearing sunglasses at night, are then shown performing the song together as the video continues to be intercut	intercut	VERB	with	ADP	 with
In the 1984 – 85 season, he found his first team opportunities limited, being given just three starts. He spent the last two months of the season out on loan at struggling Cardiff City, who were eventually relegated to the Football League Third Division in May	May	PROPN	1985	NUM	 1985
He is the son of retired National Football League quarterback Randall Cunningham and nephew of retired NFL fullback Sam Cunningham. During his freshman year at USC, he became an All American by placing 8th in the year end National Collegiate Athletic Association (NCAA) outdoor championships.	.	PUNCT	During	ADP	 During
The efficient performance of the German top detachments contrasted strikingly with that of the demoralized Russian troops. The final blow to the cause of the Finnish Reds was dealt when the Bolsheviks broke off the peace negotiations at Brest Litovsk, leading to the German eastern offensive in February	February	PROPN	1918	NUM	 1918
According to Huntford, Scott " disappears from naval records " for eight months, from mid August 1889 until 26 March 1890. Huntford hints at involvement with a married American woman, a cover up, and protection by senior officers. Biographer David Crane reduces the missing	missing	ADJ	period	NOUN	 period
Notably, the arcade hit Street Fighter II by Capcom initially skipped the Genesis, instead only being released on the SNES. However, as the Genesis continued to grow in popularity, Capcom eventually ported a version of Street Fighter II to the system known as Street Fighter	Fighter	PROPN	II′	NOUN	 II′
Holt immediately sued, claiming breach of contract and infringement because as owner of the Best Manufacturing Company, he believed he also owned the " Best " name. Holt did not prevail and Best continued to produce tractors that directly competed with Holt's models. Holt continued	continued	VERB	to	PART	 to
James and Doctor Li lead a team of Rivet City scientists to the memorial with intent to restart the project, but the memorial is invaded by the Enclave, a powerful military organization formed from the remnants of the pre War United States government. James floods the project	project	NOUN	's	PART	's
In addition to the part of Maitreya, several stuntmen were needed for the episode, including doubles for Mulder and Maitreya for their martial art fight scene. Experienced gymnast Dana Heath was hired for several scenes that required Maitreya to execute a series of handstands. Fourteen stuntmen	stuntmen	NOUN	were	AUX	 were
Stone made a handshake deal with Warner Bros. whereby the studio would get all the rights to the film and put up $20 million for the budget. The director did this so that the screenplay wouldn't be widely read and bid on, and he also knew	knew	VERB	that	SCONJ	 that
The earliest reliable history of P. semilanceata intoxication dates back to 1799 in London, and in the 1960s the mushroom was the first European species confirmed to contain psilocybin. The possession or sale of psilocybin mushrooms is illegal in many countries. The species was first described by	by	ADP	Elias	PROPN	 Elias
After leaving the Brooklyn area, the road returns to a rural environment as it cuts through agricultural fields. Before passing through Tipton, M 50 passes the entrance to Hidden Lake Gardens, a botanical garden and arboretum operated by Michigan State University. After passing Hidden Lake	Lake	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
His first opportunity to play organized baseball came as a student at Browning Home Mather Academy, a private school affiliated with the Methodist church. Richard Dubose, who had managed Doby's father and was known locally in African American circles for his baseball expertise, gave Doby	Doby	PROPN	some	PRON	 some
She visited Greece to take footage of the route of the inaugural torch relay and the games ' original site at Olympia, where she was aided by Greek photographer Nelly's. This material became Olympia, a hugely successful film which has since been widely noted for its	its	PRON	technical	ADJ	 technical
They note that at the same time, the Mongol Prince Punala, who had inherited his position as ruler of areas of Tibet, went to Nanjing in 1371 to pay tribute and show his allegiance to the Ming court, bringing with him the seal of authority issued	issued	VERB	by	ADP	 by
As experience was gained by the Vietnamese crew members, new junior personnel reported in pairs replacing Coast Guardsmen that were then assigned ashore to assist with the VECTOR phase of training. The first transfer of Squadron One cutters occurred at the RVN Base in Saigon during joint decommissioning	decommissioning	NOUN	and	CCONJ	 and
She died on 1 November 1973 in Herzliya, Israel and was buried in the Mount of Olives Jewish Cemetery near Jerusalem. In 1951 Silverman was honored as Jewish Mother of the Year by the Jewish National Fund, which established a forest in Israel bearing her name.	.	PUNCT	In	ADP	 In
After landfall, rapid weakening occurred, and when the storm entered the South China Sea on December 26, the JTWC reduced the winds of Lee to 70 km / h (45 mph). Despite this, data from the JMA suggests that system was stronger,	,	PUNCT	with	ADP	 with
The original soundtrack was released in physical and digital formats. Customers who purchased the physical compact disc received a free download voucher for remixes and additional music that are not included in the soundtrack but featured in game. A limited edition two disc box set was also released	released	VERB	featuring	VERB	 featuring
The Spring 2008 volume featured student poetry, short stories, original art, and an interview with writer Andrei Codrescu. The class of 2006 was the subject of an online documentary called Yearbook 2006, created by bluecadet interactive and produced by Josh Goldblum, Josh Cogan,	,	PUNCT	and	CCONJ	 and
A 1985 review in the book The Motion Picture Guide said, " The film tries to balance horror against morality but ends up shaky at best ". The review described the special effects as " all right, but not nearly as gruesome as the film pretends they	they	PRON	are	AUX	 are
The back judge is positioned deep in the defensive backfield, behind the umpire. He ensures that the defensive team has no more than 11 players on the field and determines whether catches are legal, whether field goal or extra point attempts are good, and whether a	a	DET	pass	NOUN	 pass
The 2012 book Rising Above the Gathering Storm by the National Academies of Sciences, Engineering, and Medicine noted the White House Astronomy Night indicated an emphasis by the Obama Administration towards support for education in the fields of Science, Technology, Engineering, and Mathematics (STEM	STEM	PROPN	fields	NOUN	 fields
On 8 March 1797 Napoleon ordered that Zajączek should be recognized as an active brigade general of the French army. That year he published a brochure on his experiences of the 1794 war, Histoire de la révolution de Pologne en 1794, in which he tried to justify	justify	VERB	his	PRON	 his
It is estimated that one million vehicles transit Caracas daily, causing a collapse of the transportation network. Automobiles travel at an average speed of 15 km / h (9 mph) on the streets and highways of Caracas. There are numerous factors contributing to the traffic	traffic	NOUN	problem	NOUN	 problem
The Giants had made $49,000 in gate revenue, $50,000 in radio receipts, and $108,000 in television receipts in 1952. Although the Giants were no longer the league's top draw by 1955, falling to ninth in attendance and being one of three teams	teams	NOUN	which	PRON	 which
The skirmish took place at present day Blues Beach where a wire bridge carried the Moorefield and North Branch Turnpike across the South Branch Potomac River at the Lower Hanging Rocks. Monroe also led 300 soldiers of the 114th Regiment in the Battle of Blue's Gap on January	January	PROPN	7	NUM	 7
The chart in this section shows some frequent DNA damaging agents, examples of DNA lesions they cause, and the pathways that deal with these DNA damages. At least 169 enzymes are either directly employed in DNA repair or influence DNA repair processes. Of these, 83	83	NUM	are	AUX	 are
Guardians of the Galaxy had the most successful August opening weekend ever and became 2014's top grossing film domestically. These accomplishments led industry observers to reconsider whether they should be so dismissive of August, a trend that had been building even before that year. Cary Carling	Carling	PROPN	noted	VERB	 noted
These protests were soon dispersed. Following considerable criticism for downplaying the impact of the typhoon, Prime Minister Chatichai Choonhavan delayed his visit to the United States to personally oversee relief efforts. By November 15, the United States pledged to donate $25,000 for recovery operations.	.	PUNCT	Telephone	NOUN	 Telephone
The good run of results continued though, as they beat fifth placed Barnsley 1 – 0 at Oakwell through a Hayward goal. On Christmas Day and Boxing Day Vale recorded two 1 – 0 wins over Chester, with Hayward again the only player to find the net	net	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
The ridge to the south rebuilt, forcing the cyclone to slow and turn to the west. Increasing wind shear caused rapid weakening; within 30 hours, the winds decreased from tropical cyclone to tropical depression status on November 25. That day, the JTWC discontinued advisories	advisories	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
January is the coldest month with mean minimum temperatures between 1° C (33.8° F) and 2° C (35.6° F). July and August are the warmest months in the region with mean daily maxima around 22° C (71.60° F	F	PROPN	)	PUNCT	)
He was recommended for the Distinguished Flying Cross (DFC) on 8 September. The award, promulgated in The London Gazette on 3 December, cited his " gallant and valuable service in bombing and attacking with machine gun fire enemy billets, trains, troops etc "	"	PUNCT	,	PUNCT	,
A reviewer from Game Revolution noted that the game " keeps the emphasis on gameplay ", particularly appreciating the attention to detail, however noted inconveniences in the camera. Lauren Fielder of GameSpot felt that the game's puzzles were very simple to decipher, but noted that	that	SCONJ	the	DET	 the
Leighton suggested that Druitt could have been murdered, either out of greed by his elder brother William or, as previously suggested by Howells and Skinner, out of fear of exposure by Harry Wilson's homosexual cronies. The propensity of theorists to associate Ripper suspects with homosexuality	homosexuality	NOUN	has	AUX	 has
Adapted to foraging on land, they have lost the ability possessed by their wetland relatives to accurately correct for light refraction by water. This species gives a quiet, throaty rick rack call at the breeding colony, but is otherwise largely silent. The cattle egret has	has	AUX	undergone	VERB	 undergone
Burtt is also credited for the voice of M O (Microbe Obliterator), as well as most of the other robots. M O is a tiny, obsessively clean maintenance robot with rollers for hands who keeps Axiom clean. Elissa Knight as EVE (Extraterrestrial Vegetation	Vegetation	PROPN	Evaluator	PROPN	 Evaluator
" " We R Who We R " is an uptempo dance pop song that uses a synth heavy backing; the song incorporates techno and electropop styles. Opening with a synth infused backing and sounds interpreted as hand claps, Kesha opens the song by proclaiming, "	"	PUNCT	Hot	ADJ	 Hot
and one of Carey's previous Christmas songs " All I Want for Christmas Is You ", titled " Oh Santa! All I Want for Christmas Is You (Holiday Mashup) ", was released on December 17. " Oh Santa! " is an up	up	ADJ	tempo	NOUN	 tempo
In the province of Africa, Libyco Berber and Punic were used in inscriptions and for legends on coins during the time of Tiberius (1st century AD). Libyco Berber and Punic inscriptions appear on public buildings into the 2nd century, some bilingual with Latin. In	In	ADP	Syria	PROPN	 Syria
The anger, the hatred, the bigotry that goes on in this country is getting to be outrageous. " He believed that Arizona had unfortunately become " the capital " of such feelings. " We have become the mecca for prejudice and bigotry, " he said	said	VERB	.	PUNCT	.
It was selected as recommended viewing by The Guardian, with the comment: " it's a fascinating look at the real life New Directions, and it's equally as crackers as its TV champion. " The newspaper's Lucy Mangan reviewed the documentary positively, writing	writing	VERB	:	PUNCT	:
James F. McGrath of the religious website Patheos found that " A Town Called Mercy " had strong religious themes and moral messages, writing that it " really is about mercy, about forgiveness, about war crimes, about vengeance, and about justice ". He interpreted	interpreted	VERB	Amy	PROPN	 Amy
Albert Whitlock created the film's visual special effects, while Stan Winston served as the head makeup artist. Quincy Jones was the musical supervisor and music producer for the film. He later wrote that he initially did not want to work on the film, but did	did	VERB	it	PRON	 it
Despite this, all were busy with prior commitments to pursue music: Owen still in high school, Cook working for Western Electric, and Gentry laying carpets full time. The band grew further inactive when Cook went to college and Owen into the military. The group	group	NOUN	became	VERB	 became
When " Everybody " became a dance hit, Sire Records decided to follow up with an album for her. However, Madonna chose not to work with either Bray or Kamins, opting instead for Warner Brothers producer Reggie Lucas. Michael Rosenblatt, the A & R	R	PROPN	director	NOUN	 director
At that time, she was the only woman to be given recognition publicly in Hyderabad State. In addition, she was appointed to the omarah, the highest nobility. Mah Laqa was frequently consulted by the rulers of the state on policy matters. As a pride	pride	NOUN	among	ADP	 among
Some boxes contain a Witch Doctor's Mask, which shields Crash from one enemy's attack while it is in his possession. If three of these masks are collected in a row, Crash is given temporary invulnerability from all minor dangers. If jumped upon, boxes	boxes	NOUN	with	ADP	 with
Henson was consecrated bishop in Westminster Abbey on 4 February 1918 by Davidson, assisted by twelve supporting bishops. He was enthroned at Hereford Cathedral eight days later. Although Henson's elevation was controversial chiefly among factions of the clergy – in general lay people supported his appointment	appointment	NOUN	–	PUNCT	 –
Following the episode's broadcast, as well as the home video release of thirteenth season of The Simpsons, “ The Parent Rap " received generally mixed reviews from critics. Writing for NY Daily News, Eric Mink gave the episode a mixed review. " To be	be	AUX	sure	ADJ	 sure
Two children at a time were brought into the laboratory and shown an episode on a television monitor and a slide show next to it. The slides would change every seven seconds; researchers recorded when the children's attention was diverted from the episode. They were able	able	ADJ	to	PART	 to
Another writer whose first story appeared in Unknown was James H. Schmitz, whose " Greenface " appeared in the August 1943 issue. Other notable stories that appeared in Unknown include Jack Williamson's " Darker Than You Think " (December 1940), which provides a scientific	scientific	ADJ	basis	NOUN	 basis
In the 1960s, PA 997 was rerouted to bypass Scotland to the northeast, with the former alignment now unnumbered Main Street. In 1977, PA 997 was moved off its alignment on Mont Alto Road, Main Street and Mount Pleasant Road and shifted east onto its	its	PRON	current	ADJ	 current
Mosley also commented on the weight issue surrounding Schumacher saying that " it is a pity that it became a matter for public discussion, whether he drank a huge amount of water, didn't go to the loo or had a heavy helmet. It is just a	a	DET	pity	NOUN	 pity
Going inside the room, Mulder reports to Scully that Fellig died of a single gunshot wound, while the doctors are amazed at her own rapid recovery. " Tithonus " was written by Vince Gilligan, who based aspects of it on three real aspects of history.	.	PUNCT	The	DET	 The
In 1992, FIDE canceled these exceptions and restored the fifty move rule to its original standing. Thus a tablebase may identify a position as won or lost, when it is in fact drawn by the fifty move rule. In 2013, ICCF changed the rules for	for	ADP	correspondence	NOUN	 correspondence
Northumbria had been united with the West Saxon English kingdom only in the 950s, by King Eadred, and subsequent control was exerted through the agency of at least two ealdormen, one to the north and one to the south of the River Tees. The former is	is	AUX	associated	VERB	 associated
Numerous officers and non commissioned officers attempted to get the men back into line, but they would not follow these orders. In one instance South Korean troops killed their own company commander when he tried to stop them from escaping. Shortly after the North Korean attack started	started	VERB	most	ADJ	 most
The Proclamation aimed to divert colonial expansion to the north (to Nova Scotia) and to the south (Florida). The Proclamation Line did not bother the majority of settled farmers, but it was unpopular with a vocal minority and ultimately contributed to conflict between the	the	DET	colonists	NOUN	 colonists
With much of the pre canal trade and communications between Britain and India passing through the Ottoman Empire, Britain had done its best to prop up the Ottomans against the threat that Russia would take Constantinople, cutting those communications, and giving Russian ships unfettered access to the	the	DET	Mediterranean	PROPN	 Mediterranean
The bearded seal, on the other hand, can be nearly the same size as the bear itself, averaging 270 kg (600 lb). Adult male bearded seals, at 350 to 500 kg (770 to 1,100 lb) are too large for a female	female	ADJ	bear	NOUN	 bear
The book continues with accounts of his family's history, starting with his paternal grandparents in their home village and ending with his father's funeral. These accounts cover the conception of Cal, his teenage years, and the discovery of his intersex condition. Throughout the	the	DET	book	NOUN	 book
In a war of nerves between the IRA leadership and the British government, with McKenna lapsing in and out of a coma and on the brink of death, the government appeared to concede the essence of the prisoners ' five demands with a thirty page document detailing a	a	DET	proposed	VERB	 proposed
Shinnok sees this as an opportunity to covertly monitor the events unfolding in Earthrealm and so he allows her to return to life. After Kahn is defeated, Mileena is summoned back to the Netherealm. In Mortal Kombat Gold (1999), she assists in Shinnok's	's	PART	invasion	NOUN	 invasion
In the second innings, McCool did the bulk of the damage, taking four of the five first wickets — two of whom were stumped by Tallon — to leave the hosts at 5 / 122 before Australia completed an innings victory. McCool had been the most successful	successful	ADJ	bowler	NOUN	 bowler
The Blues challenged for the league title for most of the season, but ultimately had to settle for the runners up spot for the second successive season, behind champions Crusaders. One positive for the season was the team's record in the four " Big Two "	"	PUNCT	league	NOUN	 league
There isn't anything there to report. " As a federal judge, she is entitled to a pension equal to her full salary upon retirement. Upon joining the Supreme Court, she took up residence in Washington but sorely missed the faster paced life of New York	York	PROPN	.	PUNCT	.
Subsequent systems could change states based upon the presence of control strands, allowing multiple devices to be independently operated in solution. Some examples of such systems are a " molecular tweezers " design that has an open and a closed state, a device that could switch from	from	ADP	a	DET	 a
Retrieved June 23, 2013. Ox Team Days on the Oregon Trail. Pioneer life series. Revised and edited by Howard R. Driggs, illustrated with drawings by F.N. Wilson. Yonkers on Hudson, NY: World Book Co. 1922. OCLC 53229256, 746979402, 681269138	681269138	NUM	.	PUNCT	.
The rear window is similar to that of the Ferrari 512S, the side vents are similar to the Ferrari 330 P3 and the nose is similar to that of the Ferrari 333 SP which improves cooling and the car's frontal crash safety. The butterfly doors (similar	similar	ADJ	to	ADP	 to
The l ' Cie are not explicitly told their Focus, but are instead given visions that they must interpret. Several hundred years before the events of the game, a battle known as the War of Transgression took place between Pulse and Cocoon. During the battle,	,	PUNCT	l	NOUN	 l
The check was so vicious that Bailey was given the last rites before being transported to the hospital in Boston. Neurosurgeons operated throughout the night to save his life; however, Bailey's prognosis was so grim that morning papers printed his death notice. Bailey survived,	,	PUNCT	but	CCONJ	 but
They include the surf movies of the early 1960s. In 1960, Brian Hyland's song " Itsy Bitsy Teenie Weenie Yellow Polka Dot Bikini " inspired a bikini buying spree. By 1963, the movie Beach Party, starring Annette Funicello and Frankie Avalon, followed by	by	ADP	Muscle	PROPN	 Muscle
Having presented their demands they returned below decks and resumed the usual shipboard routine as much as they could. Alarmed by the actions of the Temeraire's crew, Campbell met with Vice Admiral Sir Andrew Mitchell the following day and informed him of the mutineers ' demands.	.	PUNCT	Mitchell	PROPN	 Mitchell
In response to criticism from Western fans regarding Vaan's design executive producer Akitoshi Kawazu noted that while several members from the development team were not feeling Vaan was the right main character owing to his young age, it was common for Japanese RPG to start with an inexperienced	inexperienced	ADJ	characters	NOUN	 characters
The episode was viewed by 8.4 million viewers, and retained 88 percent of its lead in My Name Is Earl audience. An encore presentation of the episode on August 15 received a 1.9 rating / 6 percent share and was viewed by over 4.6 million viewers and retained	retained	VERB	100	NUM	 100
" CAB inspectors had inspected units at a Teterboro, New Jersey, Bendix Corporation plant and discovered workers using tweezers to bind up bundles of wires, thereby damaging them. The Bendix Corporation issued denials, stating that the units underwent 61 inspections during manufacturing, in addition	addition	NOUN	to	ADP	 to
It manages to re establish the original timeline. Max and Chloe continue their investigation and obtain clues that lead them to an abandoned barn owned by the influential Prescott family. They discover a bunker hidden underneath that contains pictures of Kate and Rachel tied up and intoxicated —	—	PUNCT	Rachel	PROPN	 Rachel
Permanent disability is thought to occur in 10% of mild injuries, 66% of moderate injuries, and 100% of severe injuries. Most mild TBI is completely resolved within three weeks, and almost all people with mild TBI are able to live independently and return	return	VERB	to	ADP	 to
" The United Nations community celebrated Prince Sadruddin's life at a memorial ceremony held in his honour at its headquarters in New York on 28 October 2003. He was remembered for representing the moral and compassionate side of the international community. Then United Nations Secretary General Kofi	Kofi	PROPN	Annan	PROPN	 Annan
" Jean and Reiss served as show runners until the end of the fourth season in 1993. Since the show had already established itself in the first two seasons, they were able to give it more depth during their tenure. Jean believes this is one of the	the	DET	reasons	NOUN	 reasons
The same year, Aivazovsky was invited to Constantinople by Sultan Abdülaziz who subsequently bestowed upon him the Turkish Order of Osmanieh. In 1876, he was made a member of the Academy of Arts in Florence and became the second Russian artist (after Orest Kiprensky) to	to	PART	paint	VERB	 paint
The greatest decline in bats was on Utula ' aina Island at 95.7%; A ' a Island sustained a complete loss of food bearing plants. Six months after the storm, the bat population in Vava ' u was still only 20% of the pre storm	storm	NOUN	level	NOUN	 level
4: Bob Dylan Live 1966, The " Royal Albert Hall " Concert (recorded May 17, 1966; same recording also available on The Bootleg Series Vol. 7: No Direction Home: The Soundtrack), and The Band's 2001 reissue of Rock of	of	ADP	Ages	PROPN	 Ages
Throughout the duration of the match, Bearer was locked on a chair inside a glass crypt with the pump of cement truck above him. After a match evenly controlled by The Undertaker and The Dudleys, Undertaker pinned D Von following a Tombstone Piledriver to win. After	After	ADP	the	DET	 the
" Disposing of Arthur's body on his boat afterwards, Dexter comes to realize that his love for his family is starting to outweigh his need to kill, and he begins to hope for a future without killing. But upon returning home, he finds a message	message	NOUN	from	ADP	 from
Arnold was injured early in the attack, and Morgan led the assault in his place before he became trapped in the lower city and was forced to surrender. Arnold and the Americans maintained an ineffectual blockade of the city until spring, when British reinforcements arrived. In	In	ADP	the	DET	 the
A chain driven Case was the first gasoline power buggy driven in Paynton by Eddie Langier followed by Alex McKay's McLaughlin automobile.... when this was a Local Improvement District... men worked out the taxes by building up the road with pick and shovel and a team of	of	ADP	horses	NOUN	 horses
The video earned Brown and Taberez a nomination for Video Director of the Year at the 2012 BET Awards. It won Best Male Video and Best Choreography at the 2012 MTV Video Music Awards. On September 19, 2012, the video received a nomination at the 2012	2012	NUM	Soul	PROPN	 Soul
These processes, which include alterations in cerebral blood flow and the pressure within the skull, contribute substantially to the damage from the initial injury. TBI can cause a host of physical, cognitive, social, emotional, and behavioral effects, and outcome can range from	from	ADP	complete	ADJ	 complete
Bart is visited by Ermon Millwood, whose company makes films out of web cartoon series. Millwood offers Bart a chance to make a film adaptation of the web cartoon Angry Dad. Bart accepts, and Millwood takes him to film studio animators. Homer is soon offered	offered	VERB	the	DET	 the
On 39, Compton aimed a hard cut shot from Johnston's bowling, which flew into Lindwall's left hand at second slip. Hutton managed to continue resisting the Australians before Miller struck Crapp in the head with a bouncer. Hutton then edged Miller to Tallon and	and	CCONJ	was	AUX	 was
The success of these shows provided a valuable source of revenue, and complemented the efforts of volunteers, so that the museum applied for the permanent transfer of the entire site to its use. Permission was received in February 1976 and Duxford became the first outstation of the	the	DET	Imperial	PROPN	 Imperial
The latter song was promoted by Giant's parent company, Warner Bros. Records Nashville, as Giant had closed in late 2001. Walker co produced the album with veteran producers Byron Gallimore and Blake Mevis, and session guitarist Brent Mason. The album also included a song	song	NOUN	that	PRON	 that
Actors playing two of the crewmen who died on screen later appeared in other episodes of Star Trek. Michael Zaslow, seen in " The Man Trap " as Darnell, appeared in " I, Mudd ", and later had a long running role in the soap	soap	NOUN	opera	NOUN	 opera
Such evil can be created by a person's hatred and pride. Poe imitates many traditional " Germanic " elements in this tale. The most obvious example is the gloomy old castle, typical of Gothic fiction. The story also includes typical Gothic themes, which scholar	scholar	NOUN	Dawn	PROPN	 Dawn
Later, talking with Isaac, Hazel learns that Augustus had asked Van Houten to help him write a eulogy for her. She retrieves the crumpled paper and reads Augustus ' words, which state his acceptance of death and his love for Hazel. Hazel lies on her	her	PRON	back	ADV	 back
The towns of the Transvaal were becoming increasingly British in character as immigration and trade gathered apace, and the idea of annexation was gaining support both locally and in the British government. In late 1876 Lord Carnarvon, Colonial Secretary under Benjamin Disraeli, gave Sir Theophilus Shepstone	Shepstone	PROPN	of	ADP	 of
The construction removed a gap filled by the canal between the two stations — filling up the canal in the process. Instead the 92 metres (302 ft) Skansen Bridge was built on the west side of the station, along with a double track to Marienborg where	where	SCONJ	the	DET	 the
The poem deals with Harun al Rashid and a group of sorcerers at Domdaniel that live under the sea. It was foretold that Thalaba, a Muslim, would be God's champion and conquer the sorcerers. To pre empt the prophecy, the sorcerers kill the Hodeirah	Hodeirah	PROPN	family	NOUN	 family
You can not ignore her contribution to the music video art form. " Tim Sendra from Allmusic gave the DVD four and a half stars out of five, and commented that " it is indeed a celebration of Madonna's career and some of the most celebratory and	and	CCONJ	thrilling	ADJ	 thrilling
Engle commented that it was " not a pastiche or nostalgia exercise as much as modern SF with the entertainment, inspirational value, and excitement of the golden age ". A second volume appeared in 2009. Six months after the debut of Thrilling Wonder Stories, its	its	PRON	June	PROPN	 June
Pamela Rasmussen is married to Dr Michael D. Gottfried, who is Curator of Paleontology, Associate Professor of Geology, and Director of the Center for Integrative Studies in General Science at MSU. Rasmussen ’ s early work was largely focused on studies of the systematics, ecology	ecology	NOUN	and	CCONJ	 and
" The official website launched in May 2011, introducing a viral marketing campaign similar to the one used to promote The Dark Knight. The website streamed an encrypted audio file described by users as chanting. Users decrypted the audio to the Twitter hashtag, " # TheFireRises	TheFireRises	NOUN	"	PUNCT	 "
Galvanization is used on chain link fencing, guard rails, suspension bridges, lightposts, metal roofs, heat exchangers, and car bodies. The relative reactivity of zinc and its ability to attract oxidation to itself makes it an efficient sacrificial anode in cathodic protection (CP	CP	PROPN	)	PUNCT	)
Six months later, a race of villainous robots known as the Metarex attempt to steal the Emeralds from Sonic, but he scatters them across the galaxy. Meanwhile, on Earth, where six years have passed and Chris is now eighteen, Chris builds another device to	to	PART	return	VERB	 return
It was the sixteenth roller coaster built at the park since the Blue Streak in 1964. When built in 2003, it was the first full circuit roller coaster to exceed 400 feet (120 m) in height, and was the tallest roller coaster in the world	world	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
" A BBC Music critic, however, called it " upbeat but not particularly tuneful ". According to research carried out for Nokia in 2006, " Love Machine " is the second " most exhilarating " song ever, after " Song 2 " by Blur.	.	PUNCT	On	ADP	 On
However, with Cherbourg's seizure by Collins ' VII Corps on 27 June, Montgomery's initial timetable was soon outdated and the thrust from Caumont was never adopted. Following the conclusion of Operation Charnwood and the cancellation of First Army's offensive towards Saint Lô, Montgomery	Montgomery	PROPN	met	VERB	 met
Warner reportedly accused Rossen of incorporating Communist propaganda in scripts and claimed this was why he had fired him, though in fact the real reason for Warner's enmity with Rossen were his writer's union activities. Rossen was one of 19 " unfriendly witnesses " subpoenaed in	in	ADP	October	PROPN	 October
Parks later said when she did not get up and move to the rear of the bus, " I thought of Emmett Till and I just couldn't go back. " According to author Clayborne Carson, Till's death and the widespread coverage of the students integrating	integrating	VERB	Little	PROPN	 Little
After scoring 66 times in 112 games for Basingstoke Town, he moved to the Conference National outfit Stevenage on a bosman transfer in May 2004. He made his debut for Stevenage as a substitute, as they beat Crawley Town, 1 – 0. After struggling to	to	PART	get	VERB	 get
Although most of the damage to homes consisted of shingle damage, several homes lost gutters and had portions of their siding blown off. In Pottstown, a large portion of the roof of a four story building was blown off, forcing residents to evacuate the building.	.	PUNCT	An	DET	 An
In union with Lord Shiva, she creates and destroys worlds. Her appearance also takes a different turn, befitting her role as ruler of the world and object of meditation. In contrast to her terrible aspects, she takes on hints of a more benign dimension.	.	PUNCT	She	PRON	 She
In 1801 Yusuf Karamanli of Tripoli, dissatisfied with the amount of tribute in comparison to that paid to Algiers, demanded an immediate payment of $250,000. Thomas Jefferson responded by sending a squadron of warships to protect American merchant ships in the Mediterranean and to pursue peace	peace	NOUN	with	ADP	 with
An area business would purchase a horse statue and a local artist paints on it. Two of the Amarillo area's higher education institutions have at least one museum in their campuses. The Amarillo Art Center [1], opened in 1972, is a building complex	complex	NOUN	with	ADP	 with
Inland, the system produced heavy rainfall over North Carolina, peaking at 14.8 inches (380 mm) in Rockingham, North Carolina in the period covering September 13 through September 18. This rain led to saturated grounds, allowing new water to spill into streams. Many	Many	ADJ	crop	NOUN	 crop
Accordingly, in Róna Tas's view, Árpád succeeded Levedi as sacred ruler or kende, which enabled his father to preserve his own position of the actual leader of the Hungarians or gyula. The earliest reliable source of Árpád's life is an early 10th century document	document	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
Bill Panzer said that Tessa became popular with the program's audience. Rob Lineberger called Tessa "... beautiful and spirited, " and said that "... she is the perfect mortal foil for MacLeod's heavy concerns. She lightens and strengthens him. " Reviewer Abbie	Abbie	PROPN	Bernstein	PROPN	 Bernstein
– to be available. The review also recommended the development of shorter looped walks off the Wicklow Way and improving parking facilities. The Wicklow Way is waymarked in both directions and can be started at Marlay Park or Clonegal. The trail is marked with square black posts	posts	NOUN	with	ADP	 with
This combination became his main electric guitar recording setup for subsequent albums. Although intended as a demo recording, the end result sounded so good to the band and Johns, they decided to use it as the final take. Overdubs, including an acoustic guitar part played	played	VERB	by	ADP	 by
Wright only paid sanctioning fees for the WBC belt, while Taylor paid fees to the WBC and WBO. Taylor did not pay the fees to the WBA amid controversy of the organization removing him from their rankings after questions of whether Taylor followed all procedures for the WBA	WBA	PROPN	before	ADP	 before
The balustrade on the roof of the Robillon wing is broken by heavy segmental pediments adorned with reclining statuary figures; the balustrade itself is also adorned with flambeaux, statuary and heavy armorial trophies (see illustration below). The Robillon wing contains an entrance to the palace	palace	NOUN	reached	VERB	 reached
Fey said that Lasit " really outdid himself ", and noted that Reubens was kneeling in the wheelchair in the seat built over the top of him. In addition, Reubens wore prosthetic teeth and a wig to accommodate his character's look. According to Fey,	,	PUNCT	in	ADP	 in
When Saito asked to develop a second, the business refused because it was not a video game company. He left the company to personally produce the second game, which built on ideas he conceived while working on his first: elevators and towers. Saito teamed up	up	ADP	with	ADP	 with
The following year, Felt Mountain was shortlisted for the Mercury Prize, an annual music prize awarded for the best British or Irish album from the previous year. In 2006, the album was included in Robert Dimery's book 1001 Albums You Must Hear Before You Die	Die	VERB	.	PUNCT	.
Legally free people of color, Eston Hemings and his family moved to Madison, Wisconsin to be further away from slave catchers. There he changed his name to " Eston H. Jefferson " to acknowledge his paternity, and all the family adopted the surname. From then	then	ADV	on	ADP	 on
Precise measurements of glacial areas started with the Vaux family and A.O. Wheeler in the 1900s. Modern measurements using satellite imagery began with Simon Ommaney's work in the 1980s. Regular inventories of the parks glaciers have been performed since, with the latest collating data up to	to	ADP	2011	NUM	 2011
Boyd spent 30 months writing the novel. The journal style, with its gaps, false starts and contradictions, reinforces the theme of the changing self in the novel. Many plot points simply fade away. The novel received mixed reviews from critics on publication, but	but	CCONJ	has	AUX	 has
Costa made his debut under an assumed name; his father still had hopes of him becoming an opera singer, and he did not want his parents to find out that he was wrestling. He came up with the name " Al Costello ", thinking it sounded	sounded	VERB	tough	ADJ	 tough
Known only from a lower jaw and some teeth, it was a relative of the tiger quoll. The first species described, the eastern quoll, was originally placed in the American opossum genus Didelphis by an anonymous author, and named Didelphis maculata. This name is	is	AUX	no	ADV	 no
The second Sikorsky was bought from Helilift in March 1978 and also operated by Offshore Helicopters. Helikopter Service merged with Offshore Helicopters in 1980, and the new Helikopter Service took over the route. They introduced an eleven seat Bell 212 helicopters from 1 January 1982 because of	of	ADP	the	DET	 the
Despite this, 7 Eleven reported that many of its Indian employees have reacted positively to the idea, although it was noted that it was " not a 100 percent endorsement. " On October 17, 2007, a gift shop that was modeled after a Kwik E	E	PROPN	Mart	PROPN	 Mart
The first day of term coincided with the 1926 General Strike in Britain, but he was so determined to attend that he rode his bicycle unaccompanied 60 miles (97 km) from Southampton to Sherborne, stopping overnight at an inn. Turing's natural inclination towards mathematics	mathematics	NOUN	and	CCONJ	 and
After returning from a foreign voyage to seek aid with the deadly plague ravaging the city, Corvo Attano travels to the tower of Dunwall and meets with the Empress. After delivering a message, they are attacked by teleporting assassins led by Daud; they magically restrain Corvo	Corvo	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
Of those athletes, Avard Moncur and Ramon Miller participated only in the qualification round alongside Michael Mathieu and Andrae Williams. In the qualification round, which took place on 22 August, the Bahamian team participated on the second heat against the British, Jamaican, Trinidadian,	,	PUNCT	Japanese	PROPN	 Japanese
Major bays, peninsulas, river systems and mountain ranges are typically oriented southwest to northeast, parallel to the Appalachians. The eastern part of the island, (the Avalon Peninsula and Burin Peninsula), is mostly folded sedimentary rocks with some intrusions of igneous rock and	and	CCONJ	was	AUX	 was
Jim DeRogatis of the Chicago Sun Times criticized " Mmm Papi " as the " most disturbing [song] of [Circus]. " Cameron Adams of the Herald Sun called " Mmm Papi " " an attempt at Gwen Stefani's new wave sound that doesn't	n't	PART	work	VERB	 work
The novel also won an Oppenheim Toy Portfolio Platinum Award for one of the best books, who claimed it was " more intense than the first three books ". In addition, Entertainment Weekly listed Goblet of Fire in second place on their list of The New Classics	Classics	NOUN	:	PUNCT	:
He was discharged from the army on 4 December 1915, and was eligible for the Silver War Badge to show that he had served honourably. He later also received the 1914 15 Star, British War Medal and Victory Medal. After leaving the army, Middlesex paid	paid	VERB	for	SCONJ	 for
To the south of the canal is the old city, one of the few English cities which retains nearly all of its city walls, the cathedral much of which dates from 1092, and the King Charles ' Tower, which overshadows the canal. After rising 33	33	NUM	feet	NOUN	 feet
His departure from Boston was delayed by militia recruiting issues and the need to deal with the aftermath of a major fire in the city, and he did not leave until June 1760. Although he held the governorship of South Carolina, he never actually went there.	.	PUNCT	He	PRON	 He
It stars Leonard Rossiter, Tony Vogel, Suzanne Neve and Brian Cox. It was directed by Michael Elliott. The writer was Nigel Kneale, best known as the creator of Quatermass. Influenced by concerns about overpopulation, the counterculture of the 1960s and the societal effects	effects	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
In its early years as the Little Room, the group was described as " an exclusive organization consisting of creative individuals of like temperament joined together for relaxation. " Pond served as president of the Cliff Dwellers from 1934 to 1935. In recognition of his contributions to	to	ADP	architecture	NOUN	 architecture
As a pair of World War II Spitfire aircraft had been booked to fly over the crowd during their entrance, the band were not able to delay their set. The result was that a power supply problem pushed Wright's keyboards completely out of tune, damaging the	the	DET	band	NOUN	 band
Epiphone Casino Gibson ES 355 Vintage Model – Since 2001, this has become Gallagher's main stage guitar. In the early days of Oasis, Gallagher did not use pedals: " I used to just turn up the amps as full as I could get them "	"	PUNCT	.	PUNCT	.
In the 1937 – 38 refit a HACS Mark III director replaced the Mk I in the spotting top and another was added to the torpedo control tower aft. By 1942, a Type 279 air warning radar, a Type 273 surface search radar, a Type 284	284	NUM	gunnery	NOUN	 gunnery
However, despite Muluzi's efforts, HIV prevalence was already significantly influencing national agricultural productivity during this period, and Malawi experienced an AIDS related nationwide famine in 2002. Malawians gained access to antiretroviral drugs in 2003, and, with a donation from the Global Fund to	to	PART	Fight	VERB	 Fight
An extensive demobilisation plan was then developed by an inter service committee following further consultation with trade unions, employers and returned servicemen. This plan was accepted as the basis for planning by the War Cabinet on 6 March 1945. The rate at which personnel were to be	be	AUX	discharged	VERB	 discharged
Despite Azaria mounting a campaign on Twitter to save it, the series was canceled after four episodes due to low ratings. In 2014, Azaria had a recurring role in the second season of Showtime's Ray Donovan, playing FBI agent Ed Cochran. Azaria made his	his	PRON	film	NOUN	 film
Of these, " The Miracle of the Lily " has been reprinted the most and praised by many critics, with Richard Lupoff saying the story would have " won the Hugo Award for best short story, if the award had existed then. " Lupoff also wrote	wrote	VERB	that	SCONJ	 that
As General Barnard would say in a December 24, 1862 report, " It is seldom necessary to keep these infantry supports attached to the works. " However, this plan only applied to men manning the walls of the fort, not the artillerymen who would be	be	AUX	serving	VERB	 serving
Prior to his son's presidency, he was known simply as George Bush or President Bush. Bush was born in Milton, Massachusetts, to Prescott Bush and Dorothy Walker Bush. Following the attack on Pearl Harbor in 1941, Bush postponed college, enlisted in the	the	DET	U.S.	PROPN	 U.S.
The Nyethang Drolma Temple is southwest of Lhasa, 36 kilometres (22 mi) from the county seat and 33 kilometres (21 mi) from Lhasa. It is in Nyétang, Qüxü County. Some sources say that Atiśa (980 – 1054) built the monastery	monastery	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
Dysley's ultimate goal is summon back the Maker, a term for a creator god associated with Bhunivelze who created Lindzei, back into their world. This plan involved using the l ' Cie forged beast Ragnarok to destroy Cocoon with the countless deaths from the crash to	to	PART	cause	VERB	 cause
The Trilogy went through many translations; With Fire and Sword saw at least 26 in his lifetime. Quo Vadis became extremely popular, in at least 40 different language translations, including English language editions totaling a million copies. The American translator Jeremiah Curtin has been credited	credited	VERB	with	ADP	 with
The second level is set in the Sea of Azov: the player must battle the elements of the Black Sea Fleet which is preparing to invade Europe. The mission also involves the rescue of guerrilla fighter Amad. STRIKE's victory in the Black Sea leads them to	to	ADP	the	DET	 the
Working in secret while the rest of the staff finished the remaining Oswalds on contract, Disney and his head animator Ub Iwerks led a small handful of loyal staffers in producing cartoons starring a new character named Mickey Mouse. The first two Mickey Mouse cartoons, Plane Crazy	Crazy	PROPN	and	CCONJ	 and
As in Britain, some Southern Rhodesian women during the war presented men not wearing military uniform with white feathers (symbolising cowardice). This campaign often went awry, as many of the men presented with the feathers were not in fact shirking from service. In 1916	1916	NUM	,	PUNCT	,
In fact, many commentators cite the Pantheon as an example of the revolutionary possibilities for monolithic architecture provided by the use of Roman pozzolana concrete. However, vertical cracks seem to have developed very early, such that in practice the dome acts as an array of arches	arches	NOUN	with	ADP	 with
Elias is considered a cornerstone in modern Arabic poetry in Lebanon and one of the greatest Arab poets; he is also one of the leading Lebanese figures of Arabic romanticism. His revival of the romantic school, long dormant in the Occident, was pursed by a large	large	ADJ	following	NOUN	 following
During World War I he served in several staff roles and later headed the First Australian Imperial Force's (AIF) record keeping unit. From 1920 Treloar played an important role in establishing the AWM as its director. He headed an Australian Government department during the first	first	ADJ	years	NOUN	 years
The angular cells form pyramidal warts on the outer surface. The medullary excipulum (the inner fleshy layer of tissue underneath the ectal excipulum) is almost gelatinous, composed of interwoven hyphae 10 µm in diameter. Several structural components are involved in spore discharge in W. americana	americana	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
The group often shared the same sparse living conditions and K rations as the troops. Cooper met with the servicemen and women, visited military hospitals, introduced his attractive colleagues, and participated in occasional skits. The shows concluded with Cooper's moving recitation of Lou Gehrig	Gehrig	PROPN	's	PART	's
The primary naval opponent for the duration of the war was the Austro Hungarian Navy; the Naval Chief of Staff, Admiral Paolo Thaon di Revel, planned a distant blockade with the battle fleet, while smaller vessels, such as the MAS boats conducted raids. The	The	DET	heavy	ADJ	 heavy
These treatments also appear to be a useful adjunct to lithotripsy. Extracorporeal shock wave lithotripsy (ESWL) is a noninvasive technique for the removal of kidney stones. Most ESWL is carried out when the stone is present near the renal pelvis. ESWL involves the use of	of	ADP	a	DET	 a
During the design process, there were many weight increases due to growth in the size of the citadel, armor thickness, additions to the ammunition stores, and the rearrangement of the boiler system. It was originally planned to build only one ship of the new design	design	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
Some scholars identify Halfdan Ragnarsson as another brother. This identification is contingent upon Ímar being identical to Ivar the Boneless: Halfdan and Ivar are named as brothers in the Anglo Saxon Chronicle. According to the Annals of Ulster Amlaíb's son Oistin was slain in battle by	by	ADP	"	PUNCT	 "
The distance to M87 has been estimated using several independent techniques. These include measuring the luminosity of planetary nebulae, comparison with nearby galaxies whose distance has been estimated using standard candles such as cepheid variables, the linear size distribution of globular clusters, and the tip of	of	ADP	the	DET	 the
On September 16, 2007, Favre and the Packers defeated the New York Giants to give Favre his record setting 149th win, passing John Elway. On September 30, Favre threw a 16 yard touchdown pass to Greg Jennings in a game against the Vikings. This	This	PRON	was	AUX	 was
The most significant effects were in Veracruz where hundreds of homes were inundated. Record breaking rains in Mexico City, falling at rates of 3.3 in (84 mm) per hour, caused significant flooding. Many streets were inundated, paralyzing traffic and prompting water rescues.	.	PUNCT	An	DET	 An
While David West also offers a defense of the use of " his, " his reasoning differs greatly from Booth. West contends that Shakespeare used his for a variety of reasons, among his reasons being to avoid " the embarrassment of comparing [his lover] to	to	ADP	a	DET	 a
It later produced sporadic rainfall in the southwestern United States, leading to some traffic accidents. In addition to Isis, Tropical Storm Javier moved ashore the coast of Jalisco in Mexico; the nation experienced indirect effects from four other storms, all of which remained offshore.	.	PUNCT	One	NUM	 One
The last 747 combi flight was conducted on January 5, 2015 as BR868 from Hong Kong to Taipei, ending its 22 year service. After the release of Airbus A330neo, Eva air puts its A330 renewal plans on hold. Eva air also considers ordering more A321	A321	PROPN	(	PUNCT	 (
In 2002, the city of Nijmegen, Netherlands, named a street after her, the Nina Simone straat; she had lived in Nijmegen between 1988 and 1990. On August 29, 2005, the city of Nijmegen, concert hall De Vereeniging, and more than	than	ADP	fifty	NUM	 fifty
In 1885 and 1886 the Canterbury Acclimatization Society brought in 442 queens, of which 93 survived and quickly multiplied. As planned, red clover was soon being produced from locally grown seed. Bumblebees are also reared commercially to pollinate tomatoes grown in greenhouses. The New Zealand	Zealand	PROPN	population	NOUN	 population
In school he began to compose anthems and songs. In 1856, he received the first Mendelssohn Scholarship and studied at the Royal Academy of Music and then at Leipzig, where he also took up conducting. His graduation piece, completed in 1861, was a suite	suite	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
By late 1991, the group had invested more money into production than was covered by returns. They decided that their gangsta rap style was the cause of the problem: Most emcees at the time used similar styles, making it difficult for Inner City Posse to distinguish	distinguish	VERB	itself	PRON	 itself
Ashlawn is listed under the National Register of Historic Places as an example of Georgian architecture and locally important for its connection with the Perkins family. It was added to the National Register of Historic Places on June 4, 1979. The land upon which Ashlawn stands was	was	AUX	originally	ADV	 originally
The following names were used for named storms that formed in the north Atlantic in 1980. The names not retired from this list were used again in the 1986 season. It was the first use for all of these names since the post 1978 naming change, except	except	SCONJ	for	ADP	 for
They are the highest clouds discovered over the surface of a planet. Like noctilucent clouds on Earth, they can be observed only when the Sun is below the horizon. Research published in the journal Geophysical Research Letters in June 2009 suggests that noctilucent clouds observed following the	the	DET	Tunguska	PROPN	 Tunguska
A small weir made of boulders was built at the base of the ladder, creating a 9 inch (20 cm) jump between the creek and the ladder; however, the boulders were washed away in a severe storm just three months later, making the distance	distance	NOUN	between	ADP	 between
White worked hard to increase the circulation despite Cohen's lack of support, but met with limited success. One of his first changes was to reduce the typeface to increase the amount of fiction in the magazine. To pay for this he increased the price of both	both	CCONJ	Fantastic	ADJ	 Fantastic
For example, the verbal form tzahtzi means " he / she / it shouts ", and with the second person prefix titzahtzi it means " you shout ". Nouns are inflected in the same way: the noun " conētl " means not just " child "	"	PUNCT	,	PUNCT	,
Madge, using the limited flying skills taught to her by Reg, directs the walker to the lighthouse and safely reunites with her children as the acid rain starts. The wood creatures identify her as " strong ", and the Doctor realises they consider her the "	"	PUNCT	mothership	NOUN	 mothership
By 1793, two further mills were added for printing and bleaching. The Strutts estimated that by 1789 they had invested £37,000 (£4,000,000) in theirs mills at Belper and Milford (£26,000 at Belper and £11,000 at Milford), and had a	a	DET	return	NOUN	 return
Jim and Pam marry and have a baby named Cecelia Marie Halpert. Meanwhile, Andy and Erin develop mutual interest in one another, but find their inherent awkwardness inhibits his attempts to ask her out on a date. Rumors of bankruptcy begin to surround Dunder Mifflin.	.	PUNCT	By	ADP	 By
The pipe roll for 1155 – 1156 has several entries which declare that Nigel was making decisions about monetary affairs and issuing writs, but later pipe rolls do not contain any such entries. It appears likely that after the initial reorganization of the Exchequer, Nigel's involvement	involvement	NOUN	lessened	VERB	 lessened
This included about 180 casualties it suffered during the First Battle of Naktong Bulge the previous month. American forces were continually repulsed but able to prevent the North Koreans from breaking the Pusan Perimeter. The division had numbered 17,498 on September 1, but was in excellent position	position	NOUN	to	PART	 to
She finally achieved her aim of full adult female suffrage in 1928, and along the way she alleviated some of the poverty and misery, and improved social conditions for all in the East End. The alleviation of widespread unemployment and hunger in Poplar had to be funded	funded	VERB	from	ADP	 from
Another wave of demonstrations occurred on August 31, 1982, on the first anniversary of the Gdańsk Agreement (see August 31, 1982 demonstrations in Poland). Altogether, on that day six demonstrators were killed – three in Lubin, one in Kielce, one in	in	ADP	Wrocław	PROPN	 Wrocław
The song was additionally sung on the fifth season of the UK TV show The X Factor, by the British boy band JLS. Their performance received praise from all four judges, who commented how it was an " impossibly hard song to sing " because it was	was	AUX	a	DET	 a
The residents may have been further dismayed by the failure of the Afghan president, Hamid Karzai, to address the concerns of a delegation of elders and maliks in Kabul two days previously. Coalition troops had noticed other warning signs. The day before the attack, the	the	DET	"	PUNCT	 "
Connecticut, Massachusetts, and Virginia also granted him citizenship. Through the next years, Lafayette made his house, the Hôtel de La Fayette in Paris's rue de Bourbon, the headquarters of Americans there. Benjamin Franklin, John and Sarah Jay, and John and	and	CCONJ	Abigail	PROPN	 Abigail
This would be followed up by supporting infantry who would try and use the holes to gain entry to the houses. During the day men from Lonsdale Force and the 21st Independent Company stalked and destroyed two SP guns then engaged the supporting infantry. South of the river	river	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
Smith was encouraged to restart her mainstream career in 1985 with a new recording contract to Epic Records. The label released two singles over the course of two years. The first single, " A Far Cry from You " (1985), was written by Alternative	Alternative	ADJ	country	NOUN	 country
The second floor of the monastery on the west called the Zelre Lhakhang provided an overview of the main Hayagriva image in the floor below, and also a small image of Nine headed Hayagriva along with images of Padmasambhava, the 5th Dalai Lama and the protector deities.	.	PUNCT	One	NUM	 One
The first section between Cawthra Road and Highway 401 was opened August 18, 1980. This was followed by a short section from Highway 5 (Dundas Street) south to the QEW at Ford Drive, which opened in mid 1981. Later that year, an extension	extension	NOUN	to	ADP	 to
Brown was brought up there with his elder brother John and younger brother Andrew Brown in a manse. In common with many other notable Scots, he is therefore often referred to as a " son of the manse ". Brown was educated first at Kirkcaldy West Primary	Primary	PROPN	School	PROPN	 School
Fears are drowned, let open in the sky and finally at the mercy of raging bulls ", he wrote, giving it 3 stars. Rajeev Masand of CNN IBN stated, " Zindagi Na Milegi Dobara takes the light hearted tone of a fun, all boys	boys	NOUN	road	NOUN	 road
The first division of the county occurred in 1814 when the northern portion of the county was separated to become Washington County. The county was again divided in 1818 with the western part of the county being separated to become Crawford County. A third division occurred in 1819	1819	NUM	when	SCONJ	 when
Albrecht established a career high with 6 assists as Michigan defeated Houston Baptist by 54 points on December 7, 2013. On January 22, 2014, against (# 10 AP Poll / Coaches ' Poll) Iowa, Albrecht made his first career start, posting new	new	ADJ	career	NOUN	 career
Leicester's first ever Football League game was a 4 – 3 defeat at Grimsby Town, with a first League win the following week, against Rotherham United at Filbert Street. The same season also saw the club's largest win to date, a 13 – 0	0	NUM	victory	NOUN	 victory
The Javan rhinoceros does not appear to often use its horn for fighting, but instead uses it to scrape mud away in wallows, to pull down plants for eating, and to open paths through thick vegetation. Similar to the other browsing species of rhino (the	the	DET	black	NOUN	 black
A historian of the Queen's Hall, Robert Elkin, writes, " At this period the standard of orchestral playing in London was distinctly low, and the well drilled efficiency of the Berliners under their dynamic conductor came as something of a revelation. " These,	,	PUNCT	and	CCONJ	 and
" On approaching rape and trauma in the series, Rosenberg wanted to avoid actually showing rape, which she called " lazy storytelling " and often a way to " spice up " male characters, and preferred to just make the trauma a part of the characters '	'	PART	everyday	ADJ	 everyday
The song served as a revenge song against " that type of evil, materialistic woman. " " Funky Crime " was reflective of a conversation between the band and George Clinton while writing and recording Freaky Styley. Kiedis described the song as a lyrical description of the	the	DET	conversation	NOUN	 conversation
They are most commonly between six and nine individuals in size but can have more than twenty. Unlike orcas, sperm whales within a social unit show no significant tendency to associate with their genetic relatives. Females and calves spend about three quarters of their time foraging and	and	CCONJ	a	DET	 a
The bacterium produces proteins that, when ingested, kill lepidopteran caterpillars. The gene encoding for these highly toxic proteins, when introduced into the host plant genome, confers resistance against caterpillars, when the same toxic proteins are produced within the plant. This approach is controversial	controversial	ADJ	,	PUNCT	,
The community of Orthodox Jews in Oak Park wanted the freeway to pass to the north of their suburb. When this was deemed to be futile, the community asked for changes to the design that would mitigate the impact of the freeway to the pedestrian dependent community.	.	PUNCT	Final	ADJ	 Final
He started the next league match, against Coventry City, but was shown a red card late on in the 2 – 1 victory at Highfield Road. After his return from suspension, he was dropped from the team, making just a handful of substitute appearances in	in	ADP	the	DET	 the
The building is a popular sightseeing attraction and location for shooting movies, and its owners and management have won awards for efforts to preserve the building and for office management. On April 3, 1848, the Board of Trade opened for business at 101 South Water Street	Street	PROPN	.	PUNCT	.
The exception being Dragon Ball Z: Battle of Gods and Dragon Ball Z: Resurrection ' F ' released in 2013 and 2015 respectively, these films being the first to have original creator Akira Toriyama deeply involved in their production. An unofficial live action Mandarin Chinese film	film	NOUN	adaptation	NOUN	 adaptation
After traveling the world for several years to seek the means to fight injustice, he returns to Gotham. At night, Bruce becomes Batman, Gotham City's secret vigilante protector. Mark Hamill as Joker; Batman's most famous nemesis, who was once an assassin	assassin	NOUN	for	ADP	 for
" She added, " My mom called me and I was very depressed. I was on tour and I couldn't leave, so I went into the studio and I wrote this song ' Speechless, ' and it's about these phone calls. My dad	dad	NOUN	used	VERB	 used
Nevelson's distinct and eccentric image has been documented by photographers such as Robert Mapplethorpe, Richard Avedon, Hans Namuth and Pedro E. Guerrero. Nevelson is listed on the Heritage Floor, among other famous women, in Judy Chicago's 1974 – 1979 masterpiece The Dinner Party	Party	PROPN	.	PUNCT	.
China's leading athlete was Zhu Xiaolin, who despite being an established marathon runner had less experience over the half distance. Although Japan lacked a leading figure individually, their overall consistency (which had brought them team medals in the last five editions) demonstrated their team	team	NOUN	pedigree	NOUN	 pedigree
Amenartas – an ancient Egyptian priestess and ancestress of the Vincey family. As a priestess of Isis, she was protected from the power of She. When Ayesha slew Kallikrates, she expelled Amenartas from her realm. Amenartas gave birth to Kallikrates ' son, beginning the	the	DET	line	NOUN	 line
John Balliol was pronounced king in the Great Hall of Berwick Castle on 17 November 1292 and inaugurated at Scone on 30 November, St. Andrew's Day. Edward I, who had coerced recognition as Lord Paramount of Scotland, the feudal superior of the realm, steadily	steadily	ADV	undermined	VERB	 undermined
" The songs employ a wide variety of samples, including from older blues and gospel recordings. " Love Is Eternal Sacred Light " contains a harmonica sample from Sonny Terry, and " Love and Blessings " lifts from The Golden Gate Jubilee Quartet. Simon did not	not	PART	want	VERB	 want
Flooding from the breaches put the majority of the city under water for days, in many places for weeks. Many roads and buildings were damaged by Hurricane Katrina. In a June 2006 report on the disaster, the U.S. Army Corps of Engineers admitted that faulty design	design	NOUN	specifications	NOUN	 specifications
Palpatine issues an order for the clone troopers to kill their Jedi commanders and dispatches Vader and a legion of clones to kill everyone in the Jedi Temple. Vader massacres the remaining Separatist leaders hiding on the volcanic planet Mustafar, while Palpatine addresses the Senate, transforming the	the	DET	Republic	PROPN	 Republic
Jews constituted close to one half of Vilnius's population, according to the German census of 1916, and many victims of fighting and subsequent repression in Vilnius were Jews. Henry Morgenthau, Sr. counted 65, Joseph W. Bendersky counted over a hundred. There was	was	VERB	a	DET	 a
Sinatra's last major film role was opposite Faye Dunaway in Brian G. Hutton's The First Deadly Sin (1980). Santopietro noted that as a troubled New York City homicide cop, Sinatra gave an " extraordinarily rich ", heavily layered characterization, one which "	"	PUNCT	made	VERB	 made
Excited and yet overwhelmed by what they viewed as a dramatic increase in human knowledge, encyclopedists of the era aimed to organize and classify all of this new knowledge using a new reference system: the encyclopedia. The Analytical Review was part of this project and its editors	editors	NOUN	believed	VERB	 believed
Bajar dengan Djiwa follows the interactions of several groups of people. Husband and wife Basuki (Zonder) and Suryati (Nji Soelastri) clash because of their different personalities: the former is a thinker concerned with the state of society, while the latter only thinks of	of	ADP	herself	PRON	 herself
On lap 17, Massa and Hamilton were given drive through penalties, Massa for colliding with Hamilton and Hamilton for forcing Räikkönen off the track into turn one. Hamilton took his penalty immediately. Massa pitted for fuel and tyres on the next lap, before coming into	into	ADP	the	DET	 the
By 1855 there five services a day over the 43 1 ⁄ 4 mile (69.6 km) long line, taking between 1 hour 50 minutes and 2 1 ⁄ 2 hours. The Royal Family used the line from 1853 to travel to Balmoral Castle; in September	September	PROPN	1866	NUM	 1866
The husband probably had day to day control of the property and administered it, but was responsible for the management to the epikleros ' heirs when they came of age. The position of the husband of an epikleros was closest to that of an epitropos, or the	the	DET	guardian	NOUN	 guardian
Originally, Victorian style townhomes occupied the triangular area bounded by K Street NW, New York Avenue NW, and 10th Street NW on Mount Vernon Square. The neighborhood was originally a vibrant business district with sizeable Victorian homes, but the area went into a steep decline	decline	NOUN	in	ADP	 in
In the meantime, he was promoted to lieutenant colonel on 1 August 1935. In 1935, Somervell was appointed as head of the Works Project Administration in New York City. Over the next three and a half years he spent $10,000,000 a month on Great Depression	Depression	PROPN	relief	NOUN	 relief
In the end, both galleys succeeded in reaching the safety of Niewpoort. Another galley managed to evade the Dutch and English long enough but it too ended up being wrecked on the French coast near Calais. The galley San Luis, which bore Spinola himself and his	his	PRON	thirty	NUM	 thirty
In 2014, it was estimated that the population of Stephens City had risen to 1,921. Founded by Peter Stephens in the 1730s, the colonial town was chartered and named for Lewis Stephens in October 1758. It was originally settled by German Protestants from Heidelberg. Stephens	Stephens	PROPN	City	PROPN	 City
Sumaji's defence initially prepared a legal case for wrongful imprisonment, but the driver chose not to pursue it. He was unable to work for three years due to the infamy he had acquired from the case, but by 2000 was driving a public bus near Mount	Mount	PROPN	Merapi	PROPN	 Merapi
Fownes Luttrell died in 1780, and his eldest son succeeded to his estates. Henry Fownes was born about 1722 or 1723, the eldest son of John Fownes of Kittery Court, Kingswear, Devon, Member of Parliament for Dartmouth, and his wife Anne Maddock,	,	PUNCT	daughter	NOUN	 daughter
The geographic location as a link between the two regions has characterised the relationship " between the people of Pakistan and those of Central Asia in the field of culture, language, literature, food, dress, furniture and folklore ". The first Muslim student of Banaras	Banaras	PROPN	Hindu	PROPN	 Hindu
The Hardys earned a rematch at Vengeance: Night of Champions but were defeated. In the midst of feuding with Umaga, who defeated Hardy at The Great American Bash to retain the Intercontinental Championship in late July, Hardy was abruptly taken off WWE programming. He posted	posted	VERB	on	ADP	 on
Some people reported intense shaking that lasted for 15 to 30 seconds; tremors were felt as far south as the San Francisco Bay Area and as far north as Salem, Oregon. In the epicentral area, items were knocked off shelves and furniture was displaced, but	but	CCONJ	damage	NOUN	 damage
Discovered in 1655 by the Dutch astronomer Christiaan Huygens, Titan was the first known moon of Saturn, and the sixth known planetary satellite. Titan is primarily composed of water ice and rocky material. Much as with Venus before the Space Age, the dense opaque atmosphere	atmosphere	NOUN	prevented	VERB	 prevented
Wind gusts peaked at 59 mph (95 km / h) causing several hundred trees to uproot or snap, damaging a total of 21 homes and businesses. In Southaven, 40 homes were flooded and 200 were left homeless as a result of the heavy rainfall.	.	PUNCT	A	DET	 A
In the 1970s, the World Hockey Association sought to challenge for the Cup – the Trustees denied them the opportunity to do so. However, notwithstanding the aforementioned legal obligation, the NHL quietly discontinued calling its champions the " world champions " during this time, largely	largely	ADV	in	ADP	 in
The earliest demonstrations of DNA polyhedra were very work intensive, requiring multiple ligations and solid phase synthesis steps to create catenated polyhedra. Subsequent work yielded polyhedra whose synthesis was much easier. These include a DNA octahedron made from a long single strand designed to fold into the	the	DET	correct	ADJ	 correct
" She added that during the three months when Morisi worked for her in late 1857, the servant had been summoned to San Domenico four or five times, and had said that the inquisitor had promised her a dowry. Bussolari's denial that she had discussed any	any	DET	baptism	NOUN	 baptism
Devlet, aware of his impending defeat, abdicated and fled to Constantinople. Şahin was installed as a puppet Khan, infuriating the Muslim population of the peninsula. When he heard this news, Ottoman Sultan Abdul Hamid I noted " Şahin Giray is a tool. The	The	DET	aim	NOUN	 aim
An analogue controller, known as the Saturn 3D controller, was designed alongside the game and was included with some retail copies sold. Nights into Dreams... received positive reviews upon release; critics praised the graphics, gameplay, soundtrack, and atmosphere. It has been	been	AUX	included	VERB	 included
Commercial U.S. production began in January 2013, at Nissan's manufacturing facility in Smyrna, Tennessee. This plant was modified with a US $1.4 billion loan granted by the US Department of Energy to allow the manufacturing plant to produce the Nissan Leaf and its advanced batteries	batteries	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
The shell hood over the doorway (which Pevsner and Casson both called " beautiful ") was added at some point between 1670 and 1740; Pevsner dates it to about 1700. It is elaborately carved on the inside with a decorated cartouche and a cherub head.	.	PUNCT	Casson	PROPN	 Casson
At this point, US 9 Truck heads south along US 113 / DE 404 Truck to bypass Georgetown to the south. Following US 113, the route continues northeast on West Market Street through residential areas. US 9 enters downtown Georgetown and intersects DE 18 / DE	DE	PROPN	404	NUM	 404
Equivalently, f is both one to one (injective) and onto (surjective). If there exists an isomorphism between V and W, the two spaces are said to be isomorphic; they are then essentially identical as vector spaces, since all identities holding in	in	ADP	V	PROPN	 V
Larry Geller from The Advocate gave a positive review, saying that " Who's That Girl will be the soundtrack album of the summer. " Stephen Holden from The New York Times gave an equally positive review, saying that the " soundtrack album is full of engaging	engaging	VERB	pop	NOUN	 pop
Unlike Katanga, however, South Kasai's secession did not explicitly mean the rejection of its position within the Republic of the Congo. Rather, it resembled the self declared local governments in Équateur Province. The " Autonomous State " title was chosen in order to re	re	AUX	enforce	VERB	 enforce
And we weren't trying to depress people, hell, they were living it, they already knew but we were trying to describe it and were certainly not alone... we felt as though a part of it was the folks in charge of the political structure.	.	PUNCT	They	PRON	 They
Author Margaret Kohn recommended Free Speech, " The People's Darling Privilege " as a resource, " for extensive examples of the courts ' willingness to countenance restrictions on speech ", in her book Brave New Neighborhoods: The Privatization of Public Space. In Free Expression	Expression	PROPN	and	CCONJ	 and
Biggs played in two more internationals for Wales, both in the 1894 Championship and both resulted in losses. The first game of the 1894 Championship was against England, and Wales suffered a heavy defeat, losing 24 – 3. In an after match interview Biggs was	was	AUX	asked	VERB	 asked
The Arabs, however, indignantly refused to hear him and hurled abuses at him. As H.A.R. Gibb writes, the presence of Khosrau " might be taken as an indication that the rebels were receiving encouragement from China also, though the Chinese records are silent on this	this	DET	expedition	NOUN	 expedition
The director, Roy Ward Baker, was chosen because of his experience with technically demanding productions such as A Night to Remember; this was the first of six films that he directed for Hammer. Andrew Keir, playing Quatermass, found making the film an unhappy experience	experience	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
All of the Beatles wrote many letters to Kirchherr: " I only have a couple from George [Harrison], which I'll never show anyone, but he wrote so many. So did the others. I probably threw them away. You do that when	when	SCONJ	you	PRON	 you
According to Kempers, " [t] here is no clear consensus on how much the tribes gained or lost in the final negotiations. " But, in Kempers ' view, " [i] n the final analysis, however, the settlement negotiations appear to	to	PART	have	AUX	 have
The pump operated until 1951, by which time the local drainage system had been linked into King's Sedgemoor Drain, which discharged further down the River Parrett; the water levels dropped and the pump was unable to draw the water from the rhyne. Additionally, the	the	DET	Parrett	PROPN	 Parrett
However, on the next day, an Advanced Scatterometer (ASCAT) pass revealed that the circulation center had become sufficiently defined, and the National Hurricane Center (NHC) initiated advisories on Tropical Depression Four at 1200 UTC on August 2. Further organization occurred as the	the	DET	depression	NOUN	 depression
While State Street continued north toward the Delaware State Capitol, US 113 Alternate joined US 13 in a concurrency. The U.S. Highways crossed the St. Jones River before meeting Court Street (now Martin Luther King, Jr. Boulevard), which was used to access the Delaware	Delaware	PROPN	State	PROPN	 State
In topology, mathematicians study the properties of objects that remain invariant even under deformation, properties such as their connectedness. A common joke is that a topologist can not distinguish a donut from a coffee mug, since they can be continuously deformed into one another. Noether	Noether	PROPN	is	AUX	 is
Journalists criticized the Rangers for promoting Clyde too soon, and after an uneventful 1974 campaign, he developed shoulder trouble and was sent down to the minor leagues in 1975, where he pitched three seasons. He was traded to the Cleveland Indians in 1978, and played	played	VERB	two	NUM	 two
On the same song he reveals his opinion of the pro choice debate: ' I believe a woman's temple, gives her the right to choose / But baby don't abort. ' " He obliquely " announces his support of a woman's right to choose	choose	VERB	and	CCONJ	 and
GSA reported in June 2012 that Constitution Center held too little space to house the entire FTC, and it was too costly to do so (after accounting for moving expenses and rental prices). GSA instead proposed that the FTC lease additional space at 601 New Jersey	Jersey	PROPN	Avenue	PROPN	 Avenue
The stubborn Christians were given the most menial tasks, and made to work in the paddy fields. They were underfed, and immediately imprisoned for fighting. Completely isolated from any women, the idea was for the captive men to die of old age without creating any	any	DET	progeny	NOUN	 progeny
A Vancouver official told The Oregonian that it was " the ultimate in bicycle stations ", and would be natural for bicycle friendly cities to emulate. The Exelon Pavilions are a set of four solar energy generating structures in Millennium Park. The pavilions provide sufficient energy to	to	PART	power	VERB	 power
" After the episode was complete, Fleder said he and Zakrzewski settled their differences and were both happy with the final result. Fleder also asked for stylistic touches on the episode which were inconsistent with the show's typical emphasis on documentary style realism. For example,	,	PUNCT	he	PRON	 he
Since 1995, there have been over fifty documented disease cases in North America and Europe, of which only nine have been successfully cured. Those affected are mostly young animals born in captivity, though a small number of older wild born adults held in zoos have died	died	VERB	,	PUNCT	,
Shi (simplified Chinese: 诗; traditional Chinese: 詩; pinyin: shī; Wade – Giles: shih) Is the main type of Classical Chinese poetry. Within this form of poetry the most important variations are " folk song " styled verse (yuefu)	)	PUNCT	,	PUNCT	,
Until 1991, A. viridimontanum was grouped with the western maidenhair fern, A. aleuticum, which grows both in western North America and as a disjunct on serpentine outcrops in eastern North America. At one time, A. aleuticum itself was classified as a variety (A. pedatum	pedatum	PROPN	var	PROPN	 var
Debierne, who is now considered by the vast majority of historians as the discoverer, lost interest in the element and left the topic. Giesel, on the other hand, can rightfully be credited with the first preparation of radiochemically pure actinium and with the identification of	of	ADP	its	PRON	 its
Many towns such as Punta Gorda and Port Charlotte were leveled by the hurricane. Trees were downed and trailer parks were obliterated as far as Ormond Beach. Charley also caused considerable damage in the central and eastern parts of the state. Several possible tornadoes occurred, with	with	ADP	severe	ADJ	 severe
Wilde argued that only rabid fans of the themes incorporated in Project Sylpheed would be interested in the game. His colleague, Geson Hatchett, felt the game would have been better as a rail shooter with 3D graphics. The general sentiment among reviewers was that Project Sylpheed	Sylpheed	PROPN	could	AUX	 could
On March 14, 2009, he recorded his first multi point (two assists) game in an 8 – 6 win against the Calgary Flames. The NHL named Schenn to the 2008 – 09 All Rookie Team on June 18, 2009, along with fellow 2008	2008	NUM	draftee	NOUN	 draftee
Winston Churchill thought him maimed by her death, and later said of her " she was a remarkable woman on whom Rosebery leaned, she was ever a pacifying and composing element in his life which he was never able to find again because he could never give full	full	ADJ	confidence	NOUN	 confidence
In December 2012, TV Guide named Quinn's cover one of Glee's worst performances. Blair Baldwin of Zap2it stated: " While it didn't have the poignant vocals of previous episodes, it was fresh and fun... a nice change of pace for the series	series	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
Volin lamented that the almost six month gap between the February Revolution and the launch of Golos Truda in Russia as " a long and irreparable delay " for the anarchists; they now faced a difficult task, with the majority of the workers having been won over by	by	ADP	the	DET	 the
Before the decision to keep the Sky Cabin at Knott's Berry Farm and to place its WindSeeker elsewhere, their WindSeeker was to have the same color scheme as others. Also, instead of there being the red " UFO " on the top of the tower,	,	PUNCT	original	ADJ	 original
Nearby the town is the 130 hectare (320 acre) Lobster Rivulet Forest Reserve, which contains a series of scenic waterfalls. Trowunna Wildlife Park is a 65 acre (26 ha) private sanctuary a short distance on the main road towards Mole Creek. The park	park	NOUN	contains	VERB	 contains
The fire caused an estimated $20 million in damage, and killed ten store employees. The store was closed for nearly a year in order to rebuild. In early 1979, Des Moines fire officials announced that a hydrogen buildup caused by alkaline water leaking from the	the	DET	store	NOUN	 store
and Kalifornia). In addition, Pitt had a much publicized romance and engagement to his Seven co star Gwyneth Paltrow, whom he dated from 1994 to 1997. Pitt met Friends actress Jennifer Aniston in 1998 and married her in a private wedding ceremony in Malibu on	on	ADP	July	PROPN	 July
The passionate vigour with which Asturias evokes the terror and distrust which poisoned the social atmosphere of the time makes his work a challenge and an invaluable aesthetic gesture. Asturias's home country celebrated his international recognition. In Guatemala his face soon adorned postage stamps, a street	street	NOUN	was	AUX	 was
" (There is in fact a " Museum of Vaginal Imagination " in Rotterdam in the Netherlands.) For many years, the museum sought to obtain a human penis. Sigurður was able to obtain human testicles and a foreskin from two separate donors; the foreskin	foreskin	NOUN	was	AUX	 was
While lighter weight classes are regularly ignored in wrestling promotions in the United States, with most emphasis placed on " heavyweights ", more emphasis is placed on the lighter classes in Mexican companies. The official definition of the Middleweight division in Mexico is a person between 82	82	NUM	kg	NOUN	 kg
1929), when he claimed, " It is in the Lucy poems that the notion of spirit of place, and particularly English spirit of place, reaches its purest form. " Writer and poet Meena Alexander (b. 1951) believed that the character of Lucy	Lucy	PROPN	"	PUNCT	 "
The figure of seven million within and one million outside the Roman world in the mid first century became widely accepted, including by Louis Feldman. However, contemporary scholars now accept that Bar Hebraeus based his figure on a census of total Roman citizens. The figure of	of	ADP	6,944,000	NUM	 6,944,000
After bending northward, the road enters rural areas, while following the course of a small, man made drainage creek. The roadway continues northwest, bordered by marsh and brushland to the east and several resorts and apartment complexes to the west. It bends northeast and	and	CCONJ	proceeds	VERB	 proceeds
The school took the name Auburn Female College, despite admitting both boys and girls. Through the 1870s the town's economic condition was poor, and the school, still run by the Methodist Episcopal Church, South, closed at least once more before reopening permanently in	in	ADP	1877	NUM	 1877
Stage 4: Dissemination of tumor to distant lymph nodes, bone marrow, bone, liver, or other organs except as defined by Stage 4S. Stage 4S: Age <1 year old with localized primary tumor as defined in Stage 1 or 2, with dissemination limited	limited	VERB	to	ADP	 to
Extensive studies of such a fort at Finavon Hill near Forfar in Angus, suggest dates for the destruction of the site in either the last two centuries BCE, or the mid first millennium CE. Excavations at Dunnideer, Aberdeenshire indicate a date for its destruction in the	the	DET	period	NOUN	 period
New wave bands tended to be less hostile toward progressive rock than were the punks, and there were crossovers, such as Robert Fripp's and Brian Eno's involvement with Talking Heads, and Yes ' replacement of Rick Wakeman and Jon Anderson with the pop duo the	the	DET	Buggles	PROPN	 Buggles
In 1921, Sheffield Corporation built a coal fired power station on spare land at the south west corner of Blackburn Meadows. At the time there was no national grid, and the steelworks which occupied much of the Lower Don Valley needed additional electrical power. The chosen	chosen	VERB	site	NOUN	 site
In 1864, the overcrowded school began accepting female students only. To ensure the seminary's long term survival, in 1896 Frances Shimer reached an agreement with the University of Chicago in which the school became the Frances Shimer Academy of the University of Chicago and was loosely	loosely	ADV	affiliated	VERB	 affiliated
Michael Jan Friedman was later engaged to expand the work but it went unpublished. The God Thing has been compared to the film Star Trek V: The Final Frontier that dealt with similar religious concepts. NBC canceled Star Trek following the third season in 1969, but	but	CCONJ	the	DET	 the
Engaging the lead ship, HMS Monarch under Captain Richard Lee, Soleil ordered his frigates to target her rigging in the hope of slowing Monarch's advance and escaping. Monarch was damaged in the battle, but remained in contact with the French long enough that Hood's	's	PART	flagship	NOUN	 flagship
He has been the manager of Arsenal since 1996, where he has since become the club's longest serving manager and most successful in terms of major titles won. Football pundits give Wenger credit for his contribution to the revolutionising of football in England in the late 1990s	1990s	NOUN	through	ADP	 through
" Sean Connery, Michael G. Wilson, Barbara Broccoli, Timothy Dalton and Daniel Craig also consider this their favourite Bond film. Albert Broccoli listed it with Goldfinger and The Spy Who Loved Me as one of his top three favourites, explaining that he felt " it	it	PRON	was	AUX	 was
He ordered that " the wives and sons and all the property of all those who had followed " his nephew to Germany " should be protected and kept safe and sound ", which induced many of Solomon's partisans to reconcile themselves to Béla's rule and return	return	VERB	to	ADP	 to
In June 1816, a constitutional convention was held and a state government was formed. The territory was dissolved on December 11, 1816, by an act of Congress granting statehood to Indiana. The original boundaries of the Indiana Territory included the area of the Northwest Territory	Territory	PROPN	west	NOUN	 west
The song received mostly positive reviews from music critics, with many of them complimenting the Motown influences and production. " Stop " was performed by the group in a number of live appearances in Europe and North America including their three tours. Released as the album's	's	PART	third	ADJ	 third
Emanuel Lasker answered these criticisms by creating an even more impressive playing record. Before World War I broke out his most serious " setbacks " were third place at Hastings 1895 (where he may have been suffering from the after effects of typhoid fever), a tie	tie	NOUN	for	ADP	 for
Overall the main threat to this species is the potential for a widespread disease epidemic. Although frogs have lungs, they absorb oxygen through their skin; and for this to occur efficiently, the skin must be moist. A disadvantage of moist skin is that pathogens such	such	ADJ	as	ADP	 as
These communal latrines may have up to 100 droppings in them. The quoll is a mostly solitary creature, limiting contact with others to mating or other social activities such as using the latrines. The quoll is mostly carnivorous; the smaller quolls primarily eat insects, birds	birds	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
As of August 25, 2007, the album has sold 1,169,697 copies in the U.S. " Welcome to the Black Parade ", a single from " The Black Parade " became My Chemical Romance's first and only top 10 single in the United States. At Metacritic	Metacritic	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
The scene at the beginning of the episode, in which the people of Springfield mob the Kwik E Mart, is based on the events of the 1992 Los Angeles riots. Todd is wearing a Butthole Surfers shirt; however the censors only allowed " Buttho Surfers "	"	PUNCT	.	PUNCT	.
At the beginning of the enterprise, reactions were generally positive. The Public Advertiser wrote on 6 May 1789: " the pictures in general give a mirror of the poet... [The Shakespeare Gallery] bids fair to form such an epoch in the History of the	the	DET	Fine	PROPN	 Fine
The only song performed at the concert that does not appear in the remastered film is " I Fall Down " — played between " Cry / The Electric Co. " and " October " — which was omitted because of a camera malfunction. The DVD features a PCM	PCM	PROPN	stereo	NOUN	 stereo
Vignettes in this vein include " people talking about everything from love, art, war, the state of the music industry, and the world. " Participants include Irving Azoff, Bob Lefsetz, technologist Daniel Ek (founder of music streaming service Spotify), Bob	Bob	PROPN	Ezrin	PROPN	 Ezrin
The commitment was, as Adams put it, " independence itself ". A Committee of Five was charged with drafting the Declaration, and included Adams, along with Thomas Jefferson, Benjamin Franklin, Robert R. Livingston and Roger Sherman. The Committee, after discussing the	the	DET	general	ADJ	 general
Newell had Washington watch tapes of Paul Silas, who was a rebounding forward for the Boston Celtics, and convinced him to have more confidence in his offensive game. He reworked Washington's game from the ground up, and in so doing established a name for himself	himself	PRON	as	ADP	 as
The Gilbert unions were exempt from the Poor Law Amendment Act 1834 but disbanded in 1862 and after that Middleton became part of the Kirkstall Poor Law Union until 1869 when it joined the Hunslet Poor Law Union until 1920, the same year it was incorporated into the City	City	PROPN	of	ADP	 of
The episode was also submitted in the " Outstanding Comedy Series " category although ultimately it was not nominated. Springfield is hit by a blizzard, so Marge calls Homer at Moe's Tavern and tells him to come home. While on the way home, Homer's	's	PART	view	NOUN	 view
" He was also critical of her reinterpretation of Lady Macbeth in 1955, saying that her performance was insubstantial and lacked the necessary fury demanded of the role. After her death, however, Tynan revised his opinion, describing his earlier criticism as " one of the	the	DET	worst	ADJ	 worst
Meanwhile, Liz Lemon (Tina Fey) accidentally outs her cousin, Randy (Jeffery Self) to his family at a New Year's Eve party, so he comes to live with her in New York. At the same time, Jenna Maroney (Jane Krakowski	Krakowski	PROPN	)	PUNCT	)
Process philosophy is even more difficult to pin down than process theology. In practice, the two fields can not be neatly separated. The 32 volume State University of New York series in constructive postmodern thought edited by process philosopher and theologian David Ray Griffin displays the range	range	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
The dimensions of a Book of the Dead could vary widely; the longest is 40 m long while some are as short as 1 m. They are composed of sheets of papyrus joined together, the individual papyri varying in width from 15 cm to 45 cm. The	The	DET	scribes	NOUN	 scribes
MD 32 starts as a pair of two lane flyover ramps that split west from northbound I 97 and join southbound I 97; the MD 32 ramps head northwest while I 97 curves to the northeast and settles into the wide median of the northern end of MD 3	3	NUM	.	PUNCT	.
In January 1944, No. 77 Squadron took part in the two largest raids mounted by the RAAF to that time, each involving over seventy aircraft attacking targets in New Britain. It was subsequently assigned to Los Negros in the Admiralty Islands, under the control of	of	ADP	No	PROPN	 No
However, Swiss mercenaries from individual cantons of the federation continued to participate in the Italian Wars well beyond (until the middle of the 16th century) in the service of various parties and, following that peace with France, in particular in the service of the French	French	ADJ	king	NOUN	 king
On the march which would lead to San Jacinto, moving the heavy artillery across rain soaked terrain slowed down the army's progress. The army had previously been assisted in moving the Twin Sisters with oxen borrowed from refugee Pamela Martin when she believed the army was fleeing	fleeing	VERB	towards	ADP	 towards
As Williams saw similarities between Jaws and pirate movies, at other points in the score he evoked " pirate music ", which he called " primal, but fun and entertaining ". Calling for rapid, percussive string playing, the score contains echoes of La mer	mer	PROPN	by	ADP	 by
Campione and Evans interpreted these results as strongly suggesting that the shape of Edmontosaurus skulls changed dramatically as they grew. This has led to several apparent mistakes in classification in the past. The Campanian species Thespesius edmontoni, previously considered a synonym of E. annectens due to its	its	PRON	small	ADJ	 small
The precise date of Mindaugas ' baptism is not known. His wife, two sons, and members of his court were baptized; Pope Innocent wrote later that a multitude of Mindaugas ' subjects also received Christianity. The process of coronation and the establishment of Christian institutions	institutions	NOUN	would	AUX	 would
He re signed for Corby Town on 9 June 2015 following their promotion into the National League North. Having made 14 appearances for Corby, he was allowed to leave to seek regular football, and joined Southern League Premier Division team Kettering on dual registration on 13 November	November	PROPN	2015	NUM	 2015
It reached number eighty eight on the US Pop 100 chart. The song also received heavy rotation from the urban radio stations in the United States. " Get Me Bodied " was ranked at number 26 on the US Hot R & B / Hip Hop Songs year	year	NOUN	end	VERB	 end
Environmental data from the area around the White Horse Stone supports the idea that the area was still largely forested in the Early Neolithic, covered by a woodland of oak, ash, hazel / alder and Maloideae. Across Western Europe, the Early Neolithic marked the first	first	ADJ	period	NOUN	 period
The " Volume 1 " DVD release features bonus material including " Bubble Burst Trivia " for " Friend or Foe " and " The Krusty Sponge ". The remaining 21 segment episodes of the season were also released under the title " Volume 2 " in the United	United	PROPN	States	PROPN	 States
Just 4 kilometres (2.5 mi) north of Bladworth are the Black & Silver Lakes waterfowl nesting areas. The distance between Bladworth and Kenaston is 19.5 kilometres (12.1 mi). Bonnington Springs Campground is located at Kenaston. Kenaston was originally named Bonnington Springs and is	is	AUX	located	VERB	 located
To promote the album, the band launched a viral campaign based around a Big Brother type organization named " Citizens For Our Betterment " (CFOB) and embarked on an extensive tour schedule. Folie à Deux was released in the United States on December 16, 2008	2008	NUM	,	PUNCT	,
While providing a moderately positive review that praised Valve's product stability, Fredrik Åslund from the Swedish division of Gamereactor described his first match of Dota 2 as one of the most humiliating and inhospitable experiences of his gaming career, citing the learning curve and players ' attitudes	attitudes	NOUN	as	ADP	 as
This is different from other field theories such as electromagnetism, which do not have any friction or resistivity at the microscopic level, because they are time reversible. Because a black hole eventually achieves a stable state with only three parameters, there is no way to avoid	avoid	VERB	losing	VERB	 losing
A jury of French composers and playwrights including Daniel Auber, Fromental Halévy, Ambroise Thomas, Charles Gounod and Eugène Scribe considered 78 entries; the five short listed entrants were all asked to set a libretto, Le docteur miracle, written by Ludovic Halévy and Léon Battu	Battu	PROPN	.	PUNCT	.
Finally, the last gate of the Golden Horn wall was the Gate of Eugenius (Πόρτα τοῦ Ἐυγενίου, Porta tou Eugeniou), leading to the Prosphorion harbour. In close proximity was the 4th century Tower of Eugenius or Kentenarion, where the great chain that closed	closed	VERB	the	DET	 the
While the Eighth Army was advancing, the PVA 13th Army was hiding in the mountains with the 50th and 66th Corps to the west, the 39th and the 40th Corps in the center and the 38th and 42nd Corps to the east. Anticipating the UN advances,	,	PUNCT	the	DET	 the
" Director Michael Rymer, who helmed " Revelations, " and Nankin agreed that all Earth sequences should be reminiscent of the work of film director Ingmar Bergman, so wide camera lenses were used, the color was desaturated, and long rather than short takes were used	used	VERB	.	PUNCT	.
Jill and Parker reach the ship's antenna to request evacuation, but learn that a satellite attack on the Queen Zenobia has been activated by FBC director Morgan Lansdale. Despite their attempts to confuse the satellite's system and cause a misfire on the ship, the attack	attack	NOUN	floods	VERB	 floods
This emblem occupied the shield of the royal coat of arms of the ancient Kingdom of Scotland which, together with a royal banner displaying the same, was used by the King of Scots until the Union of the Crowns in 1603, when James VI acceded to the	the	DET	thrones	NOUN	 thrones
In a three candidate primary race for the Democratic nomination, Ferraro faced two better known rivals, the party organization candidate, City Councilman Thomas J. Manton and Patrick Deignan. Her main issues were law and order, support for the elderly, and neighborhood preservation. She	She	PRON	labeled	VERB	 labeled
Drizzt was created by author R. A. Salvatore as a supporting character in the Icewind Dale Trilogy. Salvatore created him on a whim when his publisher needed to replace another character in Salvatore's first novel, The Crystal Shard. Drizzt has since become a popular heroic character	character	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
Though the time and place of his return to Japan had been kept secret by the military, reporters quickly caught wind of his return and soon Matsui was being greeted everywhere he went by cheering crowds. Later that year Matsui bought a new home in Atami in Shizuoka	Shizuoka	PROPN	Prefecture	PROPN	 Prefecture
It's as if Ryan didn't trust that the audience would get behind Will and the saga of his ragtag glee club and so saw fit to give the teacher the shrewish, nagging wife from hell. " In contrast, Tom Shales for The Washington Post criticized	criticized	VERB	Morrison	PROPN	 Morrison
Their work shed light on the mathematical structure of M theory and suggested possible ways of connecting M theory to real world physics. Initially, some physicists suggested that the new theory was a fundamental theory of membranes, but Witten was skeptical of the role of membranes in	in	ADP	the	DET	 the
Another celebrated image of Washington is the Lansdowne portrait, a large portrait with one version hanging in the East Room of the White House. This painting was saved during the burning of Washington by British troops in the War of 1812 through the intervention of First Lady Dolley	Dolley	PROPN	Madison	PROPN	 Madison
President Reagan received his own Presidential Medal of Freedom in January 1993. Reagan and her husband were jointly awarded the Congressional Gold Medal on May 16, 2002, at the United States Capitol building, and were only the third President and First Lady to receive it;	;	PUNCT	she	PRON	 she
When a doctor explains auto erotic asphyxiation to Kenny, Kyle and Butters, he refers to the deaths of actor David Carradine and INXS singer Michael Hutchence. Michael Hutchence is referred to a second time later in the episode at Kenny's funeral where Butters exclaims " There	There	ADV	!	PUNCT	!
The Russians did attempt to intervene with a force of four cruisers: Admiral Makarov, Bayan, Oleg, and Bogatyr. The Russian ships briefly engaged München, but both sides were unsure of the others ' strength, and so both disengaged. Shortly after the bombardment	bombardment	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
Though Selänne led the tournament with eight goals, Finland lost their quarterfinal match against Sweden and finished fifth overall. The 2004 World Cup of Hockey was played after Selänne's difficult NHL season with Colorado. For Selänne, the tournament was about recovering his joy at playing	playing	VERB	hockey	NOUN	 hockey
He was one of five finalists flown out to Los Angeles for the announcement of the Wooden Award along with eventual winner Evan Turner, John Wall, Wesley Johnson and Da'Sean Butler. Collins went undrafted in the 2010 NBA Draft. After going undrafted in the 2010 NBA	NBA	PROPN	draft	NOUN	 draft
The left leaning politics of the area is still reflected to some extent in local political views. The Dunedin South electorate, of which Caversham is a part, tends to return New Zealand Labour Party Members of Parliament and support this and other left of centre parties.	.	PUNCT	In	ADP	 In
Here he delivered three talks, each garnering an attendance in the thousands, based not only on his views of Christianity and homosexuality, but also on human sexuality in general and the rights of LGBT members of society. The three talks were entitled " Homosexuality: What	What	PRON	the	DET	 the
At age 18, she left home to be on her own and moved to Philadelphia. Gittings began to hitchhike on weekends to New York City, dressed as a man, to visit gay bars since she knew of none in Philadelphia, and knew of no other	other	ADJ	places	NOUN	 places
TV Scoop praised Woodburne's performance during the MS storyline. They said, " Susan's real life alter ego, Jackie Woodburne got to show off her excellent acting. As Susan's vision went, and later as she was put into the MRI scanner, Woodburne	Woodburne	PROPN	portrayed	VERB	 portrayed
Achaea was now in turmoil, and some cities were close to revolt; many residents were angered at Aratus ' decision to invite the Macedonians into the Peloponnese. Some also hoped that Cleomenes would introduce constitutional changes in their cities. Encouraged by this development, Cleomenes invaded	invaded	VERB	Achaea	PROPN	 Achaea
When I finally realized the connection of the identities of Kid and Magil near the final stage of development, I even amazed myself, saying, ' So, that's who they were!? ' (laughs) Also, since there were issues with the media	media	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
He says that if you are in Lhasa airport and someone is fiddling with your luggage, yelling " fuck off " will effectively communicate that they should stop and leave. Morissette says, " The f word is special. Everybody uses the word ' breakfast ',	,	PUNCT	but	CCONJ	 but
Nowa Cerekiew was a major Celtic trade and political centre, one of the very few in central Europe, a source of great profits and northernmost of their Amber Road stations. Among the most significant Celtic finds in Lesser Poland are the extensive and wealthy settlement in Podłęże	Podłęże	PROPN	and	CCONJ	 and
The ferry gave rise to the community of Boones Landing, which eventually grew into Wilsonville. Originally, the area was part of what became Yamhill County, but was transferred to the current Clackamas County in 1855. The first post office was established in 1876 with the	the	DET	name	NOUN	 name
The exact date of human arrival is unknown, although a radius (arm bone) of a Palaeopropithecus ingens with distinct cut marks from the removal of flesh with sharp objects dates to approximately 2325 ± 43 BP (2366 – 2315 cal yr BP). Based on	on	ADP	this	DET	 this
However, GameSpy stated the game's artificial intelligence for " managing the individual movements of units and citizens... [was] strategically brain dead. " Their review explained that the wide range of upgrades, units, and technology research in different buildings requires micromanagement and the	the	DET	use	NOUN	 use
Tillman, however, called the settlement a " great victory ", saying, " we didn't admit to anything, all the charges were dropped, we're not paying anything (in damages), and we preserve our rights to pursue efforts to have our	our	PRON	legal	ADJ	 legal
The ship had one horizontal two cylinder trunk steam engine driving a single propeller using steam provided by four Martin boilers. The engine produced a total of 996 indicated horsepower (743 kW) and the ship had a maximum speed of 8.8 knots (16.3 km / h	h	PROPN	;	PUNCT	;
" 300 was also warmly received by websites focusing on comics and video games. Comic Book Resources ' Mark Cronan found the film compelling, leaving him " with a feeling of power, from having been witness to something grand. " IGN's Todd Gilchrist acclaimed Zack	Zack	PROPN	Snyder	PROPN	 Snyder
Widerøe commenced flights to Bodø and Trondheim with their de Havilland Canada DHC 6 Twin Otters the following day. The first year of operation saw 6,157 passengers, dropping to 5,543 in 1969. Originally there were two southbound and two northbound flights per day in the summer and	and	CCONJ	one	NUM	 one
Absorption of nutrients takes place in the ileum and any undigested residue is passed on to the colon. Here water is absorbed and the residue becomes solid. After storage in the rectum, the faeces are expelled as small dry pellets. Grasshoppers have a typical insect nervous	nervous	ADJ	system	NOUN	 system
However, zones of abrupt change led him to split these into more subspecies, and to note that the differences between New South Wales and Queensland populations needed investigation. Six subspecies are recognized: M. c. cyaneus, the nominate subspecies described in 1782, is found throughout	throughout	ADP	Tasmania	PROPN	 Tasmania
Like swifts they are able to spend the night on the wing, but they will also return to an island to roost on trees or cliffs. Field observations in the Mozambique Channel found that great frigatebirds could remain on the wing for up to 12 days while foraging	foraging	VERB	.	PUNCT	.
Overnight, a large amount of snow had accumulated on the Gavia, but the roads were cleared in time for the riders. Despite the cold and adverse weather forecast, the patron, Vincenzo Torriani, decided to go ahead with the stage. As snow fell on	on	ADP	the	DET	 the
Re puddling was a long process, so experiments with the use of heavy gauge polythene to line the canal were undertaken. The Avoncliff Aqueduct was lined with a concrete " cradle " and made water tight in 1980. Further works continued during the 1980s. The County	County	PROPN	Council	PROPN	 Council
Inside Man is Ejiofor's second film with Lee, after She Hate Me (2004). He first learned of the film after meeting with Lee: " He said he wanted me to read the script and see if I wanted to be involved. Spike asks	asks	VERB	so	ADV	 so
" Stephen Hulse refers to Joe 90 as " clearly the most child oriented of the latter Anderson Supermarionation series " and " technically accomplished ", but " one of the Anderson stable's lesser series ". However, its spy fi theme led on to the final	final	ADJ	Supermarionation	PROPN	 Supermarionation
The Indonesian confrontation did not directly affect Johor Bahru as the main Indonesian landing point in Johor was in Labis. There is only one active Indonesian spy organisation in the town, known as Gerakan Ekonomi Melayu Indonesia (GEMI). They frequently engaged with the Indonesian communities	communities	NOUN	living	VERB	 living
The windows in the nave have two lights (sections of window separated by mullions), save for one to the west of the porch, which has one light. The east end of the chancel has three adjoining lancet windows, the tallest in the middle.	.	PUNCT	Internally	ADV	 Internally
A conflict developed between the two groups for supremacy, which the oral histories of other Malagasy groups describe as a battle between two giants. The conflict evolved as additional Arab settlers arrived and joined with their fellow newcomers to become Antemoro themselves. Around 1550 the mounting conflict	conflict	NOUN	seems	VERB	 seems
Canterbury retained the sees in the south and southeast. Hygeberht, already Bishop of Lichfield, was the new archdiocese's first and only archbishop. Two versions of the events that led to the creation of the new archdiocese appear in the form of an exchange of letters	letters	NOUN	in	ADP	 in
New Jersey's state parks and forests prohibit the possession or consumption of alcoholic beverages except at pre approved events. There is no state law against public consumption of alcohol in other locations, but most municipalities have open container laws prohibiting or restricting public consumption. The fine	fine	NOUN	for	ADP	 for
After rejecting the suit of the nominal King of Spain, Archduke Charles of Austria, she married George Augustus, the third in line to the British throne and heir apparent to the Electorate of Hanover. They had eight children, seven of whom grew to adulthood.	.	PUNCT	Caroline	PROPN	 Caroline
Becky experiences turmoil in her living situation and moves in with Billy and Mindy and develops a family of her own with them, while also developing a closer relationship with Luke. With Vince leading the Lions, along with Luke Cafferty, new recruit Hastings Ruckle, and	and	CCONJ	the	DET	 the
All singles charted on the Billboard Hot 100 and Canadian Hot 100. With seven new entries, it marked the series ' one week debut high in the US. The best performing single was " I Want to Hold Your Hand ", which reached number 21 in	in	ADP	Canada	PROPN	 Canada
In college, he occasionally drank wine. His anti alcohol views did not take root until he attended Asbury Theological Seminary in Kentucky in 1966, and learned about temperance leader and preacher Billy Sunday. Amondson estimated that after divinity school, he drank beer about twice a	a	DET	year	NOUN	 year
The writers, finding the script to be easily divisible, ended the first episode with William Bell and Olivia meeting outside Fauxlivia's apartment, and began the second with Bell helping Walter escape from the hospital. Pinkner and Wyman brought back the " Cortexiphan kids ",	,	PUNCT	introduced	VERB	 introduced
The changes included the replacement of Fantasy Times, a fan department by James Taurasi, with Futurian Times, a similar department from a rival group of fans, the Futurians, to which Lowndes belonged. Initially Silberkleit kept tighter control on Lowndes ' editorial selections than he	he	PRON	had	AUX	 had
The task of seeing this work through to production was assigned to the BBC's Douglas Cleverdon, who had been responsible for casting Thomas in ' Paradise Lost '. Despite Cleverdon's urges, the script slipped from Thomas's priorities and in early 1951 he took a	a	DET	trip	NOUN	 trip
Batman can run, jump, climb, crouch, glide from heights using his cape, and use his grapple gun to climb low structures or escape to higher ledges. The player can use " Detective Vision " — a visual mode which provides contextual information, tinting	tinting	VERB	the	DET	 the
Three brunette wigs were made to cover Ehle's short, blonde hair and one wig for Alison Steadman (Mrs. Bennet) because of her thick, heavy hair. Susannah Harker's (Jane) hair was slightly lightened to contrast with Elizabeth's and was arranged in	in	ADP	a	DET	 a
In Canada, the song reached the top of the RPM Singles Chart in its ninth week. It was present on the chart for 16 weeks and was the top selling Canadian single for 1989. In Australia, " Like a Prayer " debuted on the ARIA Singles	Singles	PROPN	Chart	PROPN	 Chart
Leaving Hainesville, the road continues into Montague Township. Near the community of Montague, CR 521 splits from US 206 by heading to the northeast. Meanwhile, US 206 turns to the northwest to run through wooded areas of the Delaware Water Gap National Recreation Area,	,	PUNCT	where	SCONJ	 where
On February 13, 2011, the song won the Grammy Award for Best Male Pop Vocal Performance. The single was nominated for several awards at 2011 Billboard Music Awards, but it ended up by winning only the category Top Radio Song. It was nominated for Choice	Choice	PROPN	Music	PROPN	 Music
There he met his future wife, Siti Hasnah. After graduation, Soeman found employment at HIS Siak Sri Indrapura, a Dutch language school for indigenous students in Siak Sri Indrapura, Aceh. Soeman worked as a Malay language teacher there for seven years, until 1930	1930	NUM	,	PUNCT	,
It will reach people that scientists will never reach. " John Nielsen Gammon from Texas A & M University said the " main scientific argument presented in the movie is for the most part consistent with the weight of scientific evidence, but with some of the main points	points	NOUN	needing	VERB	 needing
The Judiciary Act of 1789 also placed the responsibility for prosecuting federal crimes in the United States Attorney for each federal judicial district. The Act provided that " there shall be appointed in each district " a " person learned in the law to act as attorney for the	the	DET	United	PROPN	 United
The opening televised debate, Vincent Browne's Big Presidential Debate on TV3, saw moderator Vincent Browne challenge Sinn Féin candidate Martin McGuinness on the post 1974 membership of the Irish Republican Army (IRA), that McGuinness repeatedly denied, by producing eight books from under his	his	PRON	desk	NOUN	 desk
Christopher Plummer played the title role. A film version was released in 2012, with Plummer again taking the main role. Barrymore had been a friend and drinking companion of Fields. In the 1976 film W.C. Fields and Me, Barrymore was played by Jack Cassidy.	.	PUNCT	Barrymore	PROPN	 Barrymore
Byron Lee & the Dragonaires appeared in the film and performed some of the music on the later soundtrack album. Lee and other Jamaican musicians who appear in the soundtrack, including Ernest Ranglin and Carlos Malcolm, were introduced to Norman by Chris Blackwell, the owner of	of	ADP	then	ADV	 then
Heterodimeric antibodies have a greater range in shapes they can take and the drugs that are attached to the arms don ’ t have to be the same on each arm, allowing for different combinations of drugs to be used in cancer treatment. Pharmaceuticals are able to produce	produce	VERB	highly	ADV	 highly
Instrumental rock was particularly significant in continental Europe, allowing bands like Kraftwerk, Tangerine Dream, Can, and Faust to circumvent the language barrier. Their synthesiser heavy " krautrock ", along with the work of Brian Eno (for a time the keyboard player with Roxy	Roxy	PROPN	Music	PROPN	 Music
The media reported that Fingleton had quarrelled with Woodfull and several teammates told him that his apparent rebuff of the national captain would prejudice his chances of selection, and the NSWCA made an inquiry into the matter; Fingleton failed to respond. During the same innings, Bradman	Bradman	PROPN	also	ADV	 also
Parker considers the novel possibly Fleming's best, as it has a tight plot and is well paced throughout; he thinks the book " establishes the winning formula " for the stories that follow. Savoye, comparing the structure of Live and Let Die with Casino Royale	Royale	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
Since then, she has released several novels, as well as numerous short stories (including one anthology) and twenty one children's books, and some collections of fairytales. Ng, who is a stay at home mother, writes in her spare time at home	home	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
It was also the first film script to be serialised in Vijayachitra magazine. During the film's screening in the United States, a few universities requested the film's script as a part of their film study curriculum. Narasimha Reddy considered Malliswari his best work as a	a	DET	filmmaker	NOUN	 filmmaker
Along the North Carolina coastline, state troopers were deployed to assist residents in evacuating and preparing for the hurricane. South Carolina governor Mike Daniel declared a state of emergency and placed the national guard on standby. Schools throughout the Carolinas and Georgia were closed. Most beaches	beaches	NOUN	were	AUX	 were
Henry had already replaced him with Roger of Salisbury an able financier who was infinitely more acceptable to the nation. Although some historians have theorized that Ranulf's time in Normandy was as an agent of Henry, it appears that Ranulf was mainly looking out for his own	own	ADJ	interests	NOUN	 interests
Therefore, every graph with a topological ordering is acyclic. Conversely, every directed acyclic graph has a topological ordering. Therefore, this property can be used as an alternative definition of the directed acyclic graphs: they are exactly the graphs that have topological orderings. The	The	DET	reachability	NOUN	 reachability
The adjective Angevin is especially used in English history to refer to the kings who were also counts of Anjou — beginning with Henry II — descended from Geoffrey and Matilda; their characteristics, descendants and the period of history which they covered from the mid twelfth to early	early	ADJ	thirteenth	ADJ	 thirteenth
Depicting female figures carrying flowers, they are the oldest surviving paintings of the Anuradhapura period. Various theories exist as to who are shown in these paintings. Some suggest that they are apsaras (celestial nymphs), others suggest that they are the ladies of the king	king	NOUN	's	PART	's
Raccoons are thought to be color blind or at least poorly able to distinguish color, though their eyes are well adapted for sensing green light. Although their accommodation of 11 dioptre is comparable to that of humans and they see well in twilight because of the tapetum lucidum	lucidum	NOUN	behind	ADP	 behind
While this could be partially resolved if P1 had its own black hole to stabilize it, the distribution of stars in P1 does not suggest that there is a black hole at its center. Apparently, by late 1968, no X rays had been detected from the	the	DET	Andromeda	PROPN	 Andromeda
Dan Jolin of Empire magazine commented that it was " Bond without the style and Team America without the bellylaughs ". The Daily Telegraph reviewer said, " The taint of cruddiness extends everywhere in this joyless stinker. " James Berardinelli said the characters were " as plastic	plastic	NOUN	as	ADP	 as
The new aircraft would take advantage of improvements in radar technology which allowed airborne radars to " look down " and detect low flying aircraft (see Look down / shoot down), even over land, which was previously impractical due to ground clutter Contracts were issued to	to	ADP	Boeing	PROPN	 Boeing
Equivalently (for book embeddings in which each edge is drawn as a monotonic curve), it is the maximum size of a subset of edges within a single page such that the intervals defined on the spine by pairs of endpoints of the edges all intersect each other	other	ADJ	.	PUNCT	.
During the 1980s, Magic Johnson (Los Angeles Lakers) had triple double streaks of three games each against Houston, Philadelphia, and Denver. This three game triple double streak against the same team has also been accomplished by Chris Webber (Washington Bullets) against Golden	Golden	PROPN	State	PROPN	 State
The building's design was based on St Mary's parish church, Lutterworth, England. It was designed in an early English style with blue ironstone walls, and freestone dressing and reliefs. The nave was 37.5 feet (11.4 m) long, the chancel 17	17	NUM	x	SYM	 x
Not all reception has been positive. Todd VanDerWerff wrote for Vox that, " Quite a few of the items basically invite participants to pester — or even harass — the famous and semi famous on Twitter, Tumblr, and Facebook. " A 2014 challenge asked hunters	hunters	NOUN	to	PART	 to
Henry of Grosmont, 1st Duke of Lancaster, had no male heir so Edward married his son John to Henry's heiress daughter and John's third cousin Blanche of Lancaster. This gave John the vast wealth of the House of Lancaster. Their son Henry usurped the	the	DET	throne	NOUN	 throne
Despite his illness, Lenin remained keenly interested in political developments. When the Socialist Revolutionary Party's leadership was found guilty of conspiring against the government in a trial held between June and August 1922, Lenin called for their execution; they were instead imprisoned indefinitely, only	only	ADV	being	AUX	 being
Over the next two years she continued her training cruises, but it soon became apparent that her overhaul in 1876 had been of poor quality, and she was determined to be unfit for service in 1881. As funds were lacking for another overhaul, she was decommissioned	decommissioned	VERB	,	PUNCT	,
The estimated cost of the loops was £800,000 (approximately £78.1 million today), most of which was for the eastern loop with its costly wayleaves. The CLR bill was one of more than a dozen tube railway bills submitted to Parliament for the 1901 session	session	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
or What Is Anarchism?). Anarchist Stuart Christie wrote that Now and After is " among the best introductions to the ideas of anarchism in the English language " and historian Paul Avrich described it as " the clearest exposition of communist anarchism in English or any other	other	ADJ	language	NOUN	 language
On 8 January 1942, Heydrich sent new invitations to a meeting to be held on 20 January. The venue for the rescheduled conference was a villa at 56 – 58 Am Großen Wannsee, overlooking the Großer Wannsee. The villa had been purchased from Friedrich Minoux in	in	ADP	1940	NUM	 1940
The modest success of Thoughts and Johnson's encouragement emboldened Wollstonecraft to embark on a career as a professional writer, a precarious and somewhat disreputable profession for women during the 18th century. She wrote to her sister that she was going to become the " first of a	a	DET	new	ADJ	 new
He was granted the Order of Labor the following year, and promoted to titular member of the Academy in 1955. On the occasion of his 80th birthday in 1962, he was also awarded the Order of the Star of the Romanian People's Republic, first class	class	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
He remained a life long amateur painter. After taking private lessons from the musicologist Ebenezer Prout, Wood entered the Royal Academy of Music at the age of seventeen, studying harmony and composition with Prout, organ with Charles Steggall, and piano with Walter Macfarren. It	It	PRON	is	AUX	 is
The following month, Louisiana was used to test Arthur Pollen's Argo Clock, the first fire control system to use an analog computer to calculate firing solutions. From late 1918, the ships were used to escort convoys part way across the Atlantic. In late September	September	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
On meeting Barbey for the first time, MacArthur had only one question: " are you a lucky officer? " The VII Amphibious Force inherited the Royal Australian Navy amphibious training center HMAS Assault at Port Stephens, New South Wales and a Combined Training School at Bribie	Bribie	PROPN	Island	PROPN	 Island
Australian and New Zealand English are most closely related to British English, and both have similarly non rhotic accents, aside from some accents in the South Island of New Zealand. They stand out, however, for their innovative vowels: many short vowels are fronted or	or	CCONJ	raised	VERB	 raised
It is relatively large for a sportive lemur, and is difficult to visually distinguish from the weasel sportive lemur. The species weighs between 0.9 and 1.2 kg (2.0 and 2.6 lb) and measures 55 to 64 cm (22 to 25 in) from head to	to	ADP	tail	VERB	 tail
Farrell recalled watching the company try new online initiatives and seeing them all be unsuccessful. The talking head interview wherein Michael compares Holly to a baker came after what the writers call " blitzes ", in which all the writers write a talking head on a specific topic	topic	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
460 BC – ca. 370 BC), it was Aristotle (384 BC – 322 BC) who contributed most extensively to the development of biology. Especially important are his History of Animals and other works where he showed naturalist leanings, and later more empirical works	works	NOUN	that	PRON	 that
In June 1737, Frederick informed his parents that Augusta was pregnant, and due to give birth in October. In fact, Augusta's due date was earlier and a peculiar episode followed in July in which the prince, on discovering that his wife had gone into	into	ADP	labour	NOUN	 labour
Many compared it, unfavorably, to the Michael Scott Paper Company fifth season story arc. Dyanamaria Leifsson from TV Equals wrote " Instead [of Andy making a mention to the Michael Scott Paper Company] the similarities were ignored and we were expected to treat this as	as	ADP	a	DET	 a
Bell and Olivia hold off the assault while Peter and Walter set up the dimensional device to enable their return home. Lacking a fuel source for the device, Bell sacrifices himself to create a nuclear reaction, using his body's unstable molecular state. Close to death	death	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
While recording, he immersed himself in a composite character of classic soul singers from videos he watched, including Al Green, Gladys Knight & the Pips, the Four Tops, and the Temptations. He recorded his vocals with only Brungardt present in the studio, a	a	DET	preference	NOUN	 preference
Commissioners were appointed, with powers to erect piers and to cut a new channel to the sea through a sand bar. The Act allowed them to charge tolls for use of the facilities, and once the initial costs had been repaid, one half of the tolls	tolls	NOUN	were	AUX	 were
In it, he argued that the scramble for Africa was at the root of World War I. He also anticipated later Communist doctrine, by suggesting that wealthy capitalists had pacified white workers by giving them just enough wealth to prevent them from revolting, and by threatening them	them	PRON	with	ADP	 with
But that's why we can still make things happen. Our best and worst qualities are contrary. To put it simply, he's more organized and stable, I'm more complicated and abstract. " In late 1995, close friend and president of Chicago's	's	PART	Wax	PROPN	 Wax
It is approximately 500 kilometers (310 mi) in diameter, about a tenth of that of Saturn's largest moon, Titan. Enceladus is mostly covered by fresh, clean ice, reflecting almost all the sunlight that strikes it, making its surface temperature at noon	noon	NOUN	reach	VERB	 reach
The winning candidate, Charles McDonald, did not hold the seat long, resigning it to open a place for the Prime Minister, William Lyon Mackenzie King, who had been defeated in his Ontario riding. The Tories ran no candidate against Mackenzie King in the by	by	ADP	election	NOUN	 election
Sissoi Veliky went into action with new rangefinders, searchlights and small calibre guns, but her damaged internal decks were never mended. Manuil Ozerov, the captain of Sissoi Veliky, expressed concern about her stability, but on at least three occasions Birilev suppressed his reports,	,	PUNCT	arguing	VERB	 arguing
It was one of those things that we do at Pixar where we knew going in that it had to be done, but we had no idea how to do it. " Technical director Lisa Forsell explained that to enhance the richness and beauty of the desert landscapes	landscapes	NOUN	surrounding	VERB	 surrounding
Also in adjoining parts of Katanga Province in Congo (Kinshasa). East African Defassa Waterbuck K. e. adolfi friderici Matschie, 1906 (including K. e. fulvifrons, K. e. nzoiae and K. e. raineyi) (northeastern Tanzania west of the Rift Wall, and north into	into	ADP	Kenya	PROPN	 Kenya
In late September, The International Festival is held in the city. Founded in 1979, the event showcases the many different culture, arts, and music of the community. Lawton has three public museums. The Museum of the Great Plains is dedicated to natural history	history	NOUN	and	CCONJ	 and
Uranium (VI) compounds are weak oxidants. Most of them contain the linear " uranyl " group, UO2 + 2. Between 4 and 6 ligands can be accommodated in an equatorial plane perpendicular to the uranyl group. The uranyl group acts as a hard acid	acid	NOUN	and	CCONJ	 and
A week after the album's release, the official Nine Inch Nails site reported over 750,000 purchase and download transactions, amassing over $1.6 million in sales. Pre orders of the $300 " Ultra Deluxe Limited Edition " sold out in less than 30 hours of	of	ADP	its	PRON	 its
His mentor and friend is Angeal Hewley, a 1st class SOLDIER who is also friends with fellow SOLDIER members Sephiroth and Genesis, who ultimately becomes the game's primary antagonist. The SOLDIER operatives work under Director Lazard, the illegitimate son of President Shinra. Zack is	is	AUX	also	ADV	 also
" My Happiness " was put on heavy rotation by Los Angeles radio station KROQ FM two months prior to its United States release, and Powderfinger signed a contract with United States label Republic as a result of the song's early success. Beat journalist Jayson Argall joked	joked	VERB	the	DET	 the
Usher stated his reasons for releasing a live album in an interview with MTV, " I really like the sound of a band, that's one, just for myself, but there were so many people who didn't get a chance to see the concert,	,	PUNCT	so	ADV	 so
ISBN 0 444 50156 8. Handbook of Monetary Economics, Elsevier. Friedman, Benjamin M., and Frank H. Hahn, ed., 1990. v. 1 links for description & contents and chapter outline previews _ _ _ _ _, 1990. v. 2 links	links	NOUN	for	ADP	 for
It has no distinctive odor, and a mild to slightly bitter taste. On the cap underside, the pore surface is dark chocolate brown to purple brown, and stains dark brown where bruised. The nearly circular pores number up to 3 per millimeter, and the	the	DET	tubes	NOUN	 tubes
The Iranian government also named a street running alongside the British embassy in Tehran after Bobby Sands, which was formerly called Winston Churchill Street. A memorial to the men who died in the Irish Rebellion of 1798, the Easter Rising and the hunger strike stands in Waverley	Waverley	PROPN	Cemetery	PROPN	 Cemetery
While mafic lava flows appear to merge laterally with the less silicon undersaturated lavas of the Chilcotin Group surrounding the Anahim Volcanic Belt, the particular nature and connection between the Anahim hotspot and the Chilcotin Group is unknown. Volcanic chemistry and isotopic composition of the Anahim Volcanic Belt	Belt	PROPN	do	AUX	 do
Captain Michael Brezas, USAAF fighter ace, arrived in Lucera, Italy during the summer of 1944, joining the 48th Fighter Squadron of the 14th Fighter Group. Flying the P 38 aircraft, Lt. Brezas downed 12 enemy planes within two months. He received the	the	DET	Silver	PROPN	 Silver
Driberg and Knight were long standing acquaintances who met frequently and, among other things, shared a mutual interest in the works of Aleister Crowley. Driberg's mother had died in July 1939. With his share of her money and the help of a substantial mortgage,	,	PUNCT	he	PRON	 he
He called it " another solid record to add to the collection; just the right nostalgic blend of parodies, gross out songs and polka. " Specifically, he selected " White & Nerdy ", " Polkarama! ", and " Weasel Stomping Day " as	as	SCONJ	the	DET	 the
The text " Pendolino S220 " was written on the units according to the train's original branding. On later units, VR's logo was fully painted (the same happened with the Sr2) and " S220 " dropped. Since 2009, VR has been repainting	repainting	VERB	its	PRON	 its
Baldwin, a horse breeder and racer, also owned the Santa Anita racetrack in Los Angeles, which Wyatt — a long time horse aficionado — frequented when he was in town. Earp's relationship with Josephine Marcus was at times tempestuous. He had a mischievous sense	sense	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
It was with the Reds that Bauer as right wing, Schmidt at centre and Dumart, who moved up to left wing, were first placed together as a line. Owing to their shared German heritage, the trio were initially called the " Sauerkrauts " by Providence	Providence	PROPN	coach	NOUN	 coach
Beginning in the Monashee Mountains to the north, the Upper Adams River flows mainly southward and eventually reaches Adams Lake. The Lower Adams River begins at the southern end of the lake and flows into the extreme western end of Shuswap Lake. The river is one of	of	ADP	the	DET	 the
" Even with the departure of Martin Walkyier in 2001, Skyclad remains an active folk metal group today after nearly two decades since their formation. In contrast, the Portuguese band Moonspell had a brief tenure in the genre. Their first release was the 1994 Under the	the	DET	Moonspell	PROPN	 Moonspell
Ben has a vision from his previous life during Desmond's beating. Ben believes him and relays Locke this information. When Alex sees how badly Ben was beaten, she invites him to her house where her mother, Danielle, fixes him supper. Danielle tells Ben	Ben	PROPN	that	SCONJ	 that
There was a 5.1 meter (17 foot) storm surge and a 200 m (660 ft) incursion of seawater inland at Ras al Hadd; other areas along the coast had similar levels. Strong winds knocked out power and telephone lines across the eastern region of	of	ADP	the	DET	 the
This building led onto the two platforms, lined with waiting rooms and a ticket office. During the Second World War Waterloo station and the nearby Thames bridges were a significant target for Axis bombing, and there were several near misses on the station during the London Blitz	Blitz	PROPN	of	ADP	 of
The deal had provisions that allowed some of the nine installments to be converted into longer term notes or mortgages. The final cost of Montanan, including financing costs, was $73.62 per deadweight ton, which came out to just over $692,000. Montanan (Maryland	Maryland	PROPN	Steel	PROPN	 Steel
As they share many cross platform games and compete for the same audience as their predecessors, frequent comparisons are made between the Xbox 360 and PlayStation 3. The PS3 uses the Blu ray format, while the Xbox 360 uses a standard DVD9. The Xbox 360 is	is	AUX	less	ADV	 less
Such index fossils must be distinctive, be globally distributed and have a short time range to be useful. However, misleading results are produced if the index fossils turn out to have longer fossil ranges than first thought. Stratigraphy and biostratigraphy can in general provide only relative	relative	ADJ	dating	NOUN	 dating
Founded in 1628, it was an organization of Puritan businessmen that organized and established the Massachusetts Bay Colony. Although he never even visited the colony, he owned property and businesses there, and he acted on its behalf in London. His business and trading empire encompassed	encompassed	VERB	at	ADP	 at
Reluctant at first to tell Joyce her darkest secret, she soon reveals that she was in a porn film when she was in college in the early 1980s, before she met Peter. Expecting Joyce will keep it a secret, as she promised, she is shocked	shocked	VERB	when	SCONJ	 when
" However, Elan concluded her review saying that although she appears not to know the legacy of the song, Lewis sounds " pretty ". Katherine St. Asaph for PopDust described Lewis's interpretation of " Hurt " as being formulaic like a " template ", writing	writing	VERB	that	SCONJ	 that
Designer Harvey Smith suggested a streamlined plot that removed the Mexican invasion to make development easier and the narrative more personal. While finished assets were repurposed, entire parts of the game were abandoned, including Texas and the Denver airport. Environments such as a flooded city became	became	VERB	a	DET	 a
Ken Banks with the Florida DEP estimated the project to take three to five years, and while that timeline won't allow for the removal of all two million tires, it should mitigate the majority of the damage they're causing to the corals and coastline, though	though	SCONJ	Banks	NOUN	 Banks
Following reports that two of the people he posed for pictures with had been responsible for the kidnapping of eleven Lebanese Shiite pilgrims the year before, McCain disputed one of the identifications and said he had not met directly with the other. Following the 2013 Ghouta chemical weapons	weapons	NOUN	attack	NOUN	 attack
The River Street Bakery, also in the Mill Works Building and now owned by the Co op, claims to have the only wood fired brick oven in commercial use in Washtenaw County. Originally called the Depot Town Sourdough Bakery, the bakery was founded by Tom Kinney	Kinney	PROPN	as	ADP	 as
After the Great Fire of London, many children were sent to Hertfordshire: 62 were sent to Ware, and 56 to Hertford. A few years later the mayor and people of Hertford petitioned King Charles II to confirm, amend and expand the town's charters.	.	PUNCT	Enquiries	NOUN	 Enquiries
Unterseebootsflottile, sinking 21 merchant ships for a total of 117,036 GRT, damaging one ship of 10,350 GRT and another of 9,131 GRT, enough for it to be declared a total loss. U 43 was sunk on 30 July 1943 southwest of the Azores by a torpedo	torpedo	NOUN	dropped	VERB	 dropped
Schiavo shut down the PAC later that year. The Schindlers continued operation of the Terri Schindler Schiavo Foundation, with a new goal of helping individuals in situations similar to Terri's. In April 2010, Michael Schiavo charged that the Schindlers were improperly using Terri's name	name	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
According to Allen, she has become a celebrity among Christian activists, an unusual instance when cases of discrimination against Christian minorities typically receive little attention in the press. A number of campaigns have been organized to protest her imprisonment through online petitions, Twitter trends, and	and	CCONJ	concerts	NOUN	 concerts
The final selection had Moore wearing only a diamond ring. Joanne Gair worked on make up for the shoot. Samuel Irving Newhouse, Jr., chairman of Conde Nast Publications, was very supportive of the chosen cover despite the potential for lost sales. Tina Brown,	,	PUNCT	Vanity	PROPN	 Vanity
" Following her husband's death in 1888, when an equestrian sculpture of her husband was being planned, Irene Sheridan insisted the horse be as " proud and courageous as its rider. " On March 2, 1889, Congress authorized the erection of a memorial to	to	ADP	Sheridan	PROPN	 Sheridan
The magazine said positive factors for its performance included the continued sales of Weir's novel, Scott's success with past science fiction films, and the positive reception of prior space based films Gravity (2013) and Interstellar (2014). The magazine said negative factors	factors	NOUN	included	VERB	 included
However, the bear and actors never appear together in the same frame, rather a man in a bear suit takes over the role when the actors must interact with the bear. Critics heavily panned the film, feeling its plot, script, characters, and special	special	ADJ	effects	NOUN	 effects
Miyamoto led teams at Nintendo and Square, who spent over a year developing the graphics. The story takes place in a newly rendered Mushroom Kingdom based on the Super Mario Bros. series. Square reported that the game was about 70% complete in October 1995. The	The	DET	developers	NOUN	 developers
State and federal agencies are in the process of replacing the Tappan Zee Bridge over New York's Hudson River. The original Tappan Zee bridge is a cantilever bridge built during 1952 – 55. The bridge is three miles (4.8 km) long and spans the Hudson	Hudson	PROPN	at	ADP	 at
Two hot beverages that Palestinians consume is coffee — served in the morning and throughout the day — and tea which is often sipped in the evening. Tea is usually flavored with na ' ana (mint) or maramiyyeh (sage). The coffee of choice is	is	AUX	usually	ADV	 usually
In 1576 and 1579, he produced the two volume Les Plus Excellents Bastiments de France, a beautiful publication dedicated to Catherine. His work is an invaluable record of buildings that were never finished or were later substantially altered. Catherine spent ruinous sums of money on buildings	buildings	NOUN	at	ADP	 at
Despite playing only thirteen games for the Broncos in 2007, he received the Broncos award for Best Back. Over the 2008 pre season Hunt recovered from his hamstring injury and played in his first match since being injured in a 23 February 2008 trial match against Canberra.	.	PUNCT	After	ADP	 After
A private screening for a youth assembly was held at the United Nations. Revolver Entertainment acquired the distributor rights of the film for North American region in September 2014. The worldwide sales rights were acquired by GFM Films. The film's United States release was scheduled for	for	ADP	7	NUM	 7
The Cathedral was reconstructed last and decorated with a set of wooden baroque icons, copies of former mosaics and frescoes, and new works of art by Ukrainian artists. The newly rebuilt St. Michael's Golden Domed Cathedral was officially opened on May 30, 1999. However	However	ADV	,	PUNCT	,
Both were stockholders in a Vicksburg based railroad that planned to build a link to Texas to join up with the southern route. Davis argued that the southern route would have an important military application in the likely event of future troubles with Mexico. On March 21,	,	PUNCT	1853	NUM	 1853
As an ongoing work, empty blocks were installed, to be filled with items chosen by the 88 graduating classes following its installation, up through 2080. The installation received the Award for Excellence in Design from the Art Commission of the City of New York. Stuyvesant	Stuyvesant	ADJ	students	NOUN	 students
Barbara then moved across the Isthmus of Tehuantepec and dissipated within the mountainous terrain of Sierra Madre de Chiapas on May 30. The precursor of Hurricane Barbara brought light to moderate rainfall to El Salvador. Many homes were damaged, roads were flooded, and several trees were	were	AUX	downed	VERB	 downed
Eventually, he confronts and defeats Jerec, avenging his father's death. However, Katarn still does not join the Jedi Order, instead using his powers for the New Republic, and taking on an apprentice with a similar history to himself; Mara Jade. During	During	ADP	this	DET	 this
The prevalent force of Alchemy in Weyard's ancient past enabled the development of great civilizations. However, this thriving period eventually gave way to worldwide conflict that subsided only with the sealing away of Alchemy. The keys to unlocking Alchemy, the four Elemental Stars which hold	hold	VERB	the	DET	 the
During his presidency there were conflicts, not only with Brazil and Buenos Aires, but also the United States: the USS Water Witch affair of 1855 in which the fort of Itapirú fired upon an American warship, which led to a US naval expedition against Paraguay in	in	ADP	1858	NUM	 1858
Southern Oregon is higher, and its climate is often warmer, than better known wine producing valleys such as Napa Valley to the south and Willamette Valley and Columbia Valley to the north. The Illinois Valley has dry warm summers and cold nights, which make it well	well	ADV	suited	ADJ	 suited
Wallace wrote on other social and political topics including his support for women's suffrage, and repeatedly on the dangers and wastefulness of militarism. In an essay published in 1899 Wallace called for popular opinion to be rallied against warfare by showing people: "... that all	all	DET	modern	ADJ	 modern
The day after having sex with Tammy, Ron comes to work wearing a red shirt and black pants, which prompts Tom to observe that Ron always dresses like golf pro Tiger Woods after having sex. This joke was written before the story of Woods ' extramarital affairs	affairs	NOUN	scandal	NOUN	 scandal
She portrayed Sally, a woman who has a troubled marriage with author Roy (played by Josh Brolin). Antonio Banderas, Freida Pinto, Lucy Punch and Anthony Hopkins also co starred in the film, which received mixed reviews from critics and grossed over US $	$	SYM	26	NUM	26
The castle site is now approximately 110 by 100 metres (360 by 330 ft) across. As of 2015, the derelict, roofless parts of the castle are in a poor structural condition and infested with ivy, with other parts suffering from death watch beetle.	.	PUNCT	None	NOUN	 None
It was employed by the Canadian Expeditionary Force from 1914 until the American Expeditionary Force entered the war in 1917, and all production was shifted toward American military use. New, smaller producers also sprung up to meet the incredible level of demand from the Army, which	which	PRON	in	ADP	 in
Maysak affected Yap and Chuuk in the Federated States of Micronesia, as well as the Philippines. The storm was responsible for four deaths in the Federated States of Micronesia alongside 10 injuries. Damage was estimated at $8.5 million (2015 USD). Estimates from the	the	DET	Red	PROPN	 Red
Critics noted the track as one of the better songs from Last Train to Paris, particularly for Danja's production, but criticized the lyrics for being superficial and for lacking substance. " Hello Good Morning " was promoted with several live television performances including on season nine	nine	NUM	of	ADP	 of
August 8, 1964) is an Austrian writer, essayist, poet, and translator. Born and raised in Vienna, he began writing at an early age. He started submitting stories to magazines in the 1980s, and also published articles and books on software topics	topics	NOUN	after	ADP	 after
Some features introduced in certain games have proven popular enough to remain in future installments like " Free Running " (the ability for a character to freely roam the battlefield). Elements of turn based combat are also present, though to a lesser degree: an example	example	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
These operations, which were generally conducted at night, cost the unit three aircraft. The only interruption to No. 464 Squadron's attacks on transportation came on the night of 14 / 15 July, when four aircraft piloted by highly experienced airmen conducted a successful precision	precision	NOUN	strike	NOUN	 strike
Diana first wrote the story of FernGully 15 years prior to the film's release. Wayne said the couple planned a film adaptation for five years, then spent " seven years of dreaming and hustling, followed by another three years of production ". Wayne stated their	their	PRON	dream	NOUN	 dream
Following the success in addressing the UN, the " Return Our Land " movement evolved into the Aboriginal Constitution Movement, in which the aboriginal representatives demanded appropriate wording in the ROC Constitution to ensure indigenous Taiwanese " dignity and justice " in the form of enhanced legal protection	protection	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
" In June 2010, Silver was less optimistic about the film happening; " we analyzed all these areas about it. I talked to the home video people, because a movie like that would be driven by video. The [season DVDs] didn't do	do	VERB	that	PRON	 that
For the performances in Handel's lifetime and in the decades following his death, the musical forces used in the Foundling Hospital performance of 1754 are thought by Burrows to be typical. A fashion for large scale performances began in 1784, in a series of commemorative concerts	concerts	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
A 99 ft 6 in (30.33 m) train, painted yellow, was also able to carry 108 passengers, but had two extra driver's cabs in the centre, allowing it to be split into two separate 49 ft 9 in (15.16 m) trains	trains	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
Each ICRA produces an annual report and its reappointment is considered every four years. The main task is to maintain a register of the names within the group of interest and where possible this is published and placed in the public domain. One major aim is to prevent	prevent	VERB	the	DET	 the
He trained at the Royal Military Academy Sandhurst in intake 963, and was commissioned into the Life Guards, a reconnaissance regiment. He rose to the rank of Captain. The Life Guards, part of the Household Cavalry Regiment, were primarily based in Combermere Barracks.	.	PUNCT	Blunt	PROPN	 Blunt
And I did! It's so awesome! " Swerling called it " the longest and possibly most difficult episode of the season " to create. As with other Fringe episodes, Fox released a science lesson plan for grade school children focusing on the science seen in	in	ADP	"	PUNCT	 "
I figured if we were gonna be doing this professionally, on a major label, I wanted my rent and utilities paid. " To continue with the tour, Slayer enlisted Tony Scaglione of Whiplash. However, Lombardo was convinced by his wife to return in	in	ADP	1987	NUM	 1987
Reynosa also reported several shootings between the Mexican Army and organized crime on the highway that connects the city with the border town of Matamoros. In the municipalities of San Fernando, Río Bravo, Jaumave, Díaz Ordaz, Nuevo Laredo, Ciudad Mier, Guerrero, Miguel	Miguel	PROPN	Alemán	PROPN	 Alemán
Edwards and John scored all the points in the encounter, Edwards with a try, John a try and a penalty goal. This was Wales ' first Grand Slam since 1952 and the 1971 squad is seen as the greatest ever to be fielded by Wales. In	In	ADP	1971	NUM	 1971
Furthermore, the member states agreed to send military assistance to any government threatened by unrest. Prince Wrede led half of the Bavarian army to the Palatinate to " subdue " the province. Several hapless Hambach speakers were arrested, tried and imprisoned; one, Karl Heinrich	Heinrich	PROPN	Brüggemann	PROPN	 Brüggemann
It was brought in after the platform move onto the PSP, but while the game was still titled Agito XIII. While looking for inspiration, the band was able to see in development screenshots of the game, samples of the script, and character illustrations. The	The	DET	band	NOUN	 band
The episode's third act features many references to the 1967 science fiction series The Prisoner. The episode features Patrick McGoohan as Number Six, the main character from The Prisoner. In its original broadcast, the episode was seen by approximately 9.1 million viewers, finishing in	in	ADP	28th	ADJ	 28th
It was written and produced by Max Martin, Dr. Luke and Billboard, with additional writing by Bonnie McKee. Luke explained that he wanted " Hold It Against Me " to sound unlike his previous productions. The song was originally offered to Katy Perry, but Luke	Luke	PROPN	and	CCONJ	 and
During the coldest part of this Ice age period, 20,000 to 15,000 BCE, humans did not inhabit Poland. The latter, warmer part, after the climatic discontinuity and the reappearance of humans, is considered the Late Paleolithic. Upper Paleolithic people specialized in organized,	,	PUNCT	group	NOUN	 group
The Đakovo – Vukovar loess plain, extending eastward from Dilj and representing the watershed between the Vuka and Bosut rivers, gradually rises to the Fruška Gora south of Ilok. The largest rivers in Slavonia are found along or near its borders — the Danube, Sava and	and	CCONJ	Drava	PROPN	 Drava
The rest of eastern Hamersley was built over the next few years, and by 1981 development was essentially complete. The community hall was redeveloped into a full fledged community centre, which officially opened in 1990. Despite Hamersley's stability in the years since 1981 and its	its	PRON	relatively	ADV	 relatively
This project beautified and protected the city, exhibited its glory, and gave work to the people. Pericles also fostered Athenian democracy to such an extent that critics call him a populist. Pericles was born c. 495 BC, in Athens, Greece. He was the	the	DET	son	NOUN	 son
Little is known about its ecology, which is probably comparable to that of the white cheeked nuthatch. It was given the rank of full species (separate from the white cheeked nuthatch) in 2005 in Pamela C. Rasmussen's Birds of South Asia. The Ripley Guide	Guide	PROPN	.	PUNCT	.
After the Test matches were over, Headley had an operation to remove a sebaceous cyst from his forehead and missed several games, before returning for an end of season festival match in which he scored 167 against an England XI. When the tour concluded, Headley had	had	AUX	scored	VERB	 scored
The house quickly burned and Hannah Lee, being pregnant with her fourth child, had to be thrown from her chamber window on the second floor. This resulted in Hannah's miscarriage of a son (they named him John). also injured in the fire was	was	AUX	a	DET	 a
UPD began to have financial difficulties in the early 1970s, and when Judy Lynn del Rey (formerly Judy Lynn Benjamin) left in May 1973 to work at Ballantine Books, Jakobsson's workload increased greatly. He resigned less than a year later, citing overwork and	and	CCONJ	other	ADJ	 other
However, by September 23, the storm had become disorganized and sprawling. Later that day, Inga weakened back into a tropical depression. The depression continued west northwestward, passing north of the Leeward Islands, before drifting northwestward. It once again attained tropical storm status	status	NOUN	on	ADP	 on
In May 1970, the division was among U.S. units participating in the Cambodian Incursion, withdrawing from Cambodia on 29 June. The division thereafter took a defensive posture while the withdrawal of U.S. troops from Vietnam continued. The bulk of the division was withdrawn on 29 April	April	PROPN	1971	NUM	 1971
This is in fact only true for genes that do not reside on the same chromosome, or are located very far from one another on the same chromosome. The closer two genes lie on the same chromosome, the more closely they will be associated in gametes and	and	CCONJ	the	DET	 the
These are up to 4 cm (1 1 ⁄ 2 in) in diameter. The individual flowers arise out of the central woody globe in a spiral pattern, and are around 1.2 cm (1 ⁄ 2 in) long. They are straight stalkless structures that	that	PRON	originate	VERB	 originate
The following list refers to the 1860 edition. Acton's book is divided into chapters with brief, often single word titles such as " Fish ". In a marked departure from eighteenth century English cookery books like Hannah Glasse's The Art of Cookery, these are	are	AUX	written	VERB	 written
In 1687 the governor of New France, the Marquis de Denonville, launched an attack against Seneca villages in what is now western New York. His objective was to disrupt trade between the English at Albany and the Iroquois confederation, to which the Seneca belonged, and	and	CCONJ	to	PART	 to
The reports by Anonymus, Simon of Kéza and other Hungarian chroniclers of the Bár Kalán, Csák and other 13th century noble families descending from Hungarian chieftains suggest that other native families were also involved in the process. Stephen set up a territory based administrative system, establishing	establishing	VERB	counties	NOUN	 counties
The first attested instance of strong resistance to Alboin's migration took place at the town of Ticinum (Pavia), which he started to besiege in 569 and captured only after three years. The town was of strategic importance, sitting at the confluence of the rivers	rivers	NOUN	Po	PROPN	 Po
Two other birds (from the Isles of Scilly in 2001, and Glamorgan in 2002 have been accepted (by the BOURC) as belonging to one or other of these two species, while a bird from Dorset in 1996 remains under consideration. In 1996, Alan	Alan	PROPN	Vittery	PROPN	 Vittery
Haynes was tasked with coordinating area defense and offensive destruction of the enemy, the emphasis on the former. For the first two months, Haynes was given fewer officers and men than he deemed necessary, and the AAABC made little headway in its mission. In mid	mid	ADJ	August	PROPN	 August
I was the one who denounced those crimes at the time of the dictatorship. " In 2006, he supported a project to widen the canal, calling it " historical suicide " not to do so. Arias opposed the 2011 extradition of Noriega from France to Panama	Panama	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
The socially withdrawn Little Tich was forced to adapt to much busier surroundings; day trippers, holidaymakers and fishermen often frequented the streets and occupied the plethora of public houses which adorned the port and neighbouring roads. He resumed his education, this time at Christ Church School	School	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
He cancels Ludachristmas and makes the staff sit through a talk, led by himself and Reverend Gary (John F Mooney), about the meaning of Christmas. This inspires the cast and writers to run outside of 30 Rock and tear down the big Christmas tree which	which	PRON	is	AUX	 is
The team bivouacked on the summit for eight days, erecting small crosses and a stone shelter. The ascent is described by François Rabelais in his Quart Livre. This was the first recorded climb of any technical difficulty, and has been said to mark the beginning of	of	ADP	mountaineering	VERB	 mountaineering
The central tower, rising to 127 feet (39 m), is a “ lantern tower ” with large windows letting light into the crossing. Its external appearance has been altered by the addition of four battlemented turrets by George Gilbert Scott in the 19th century.	.	PUNCT	The	DET	 The
It was probably bred for its seeds, which are large and high in oil and protein, but its flesh is of poorer quality than that of C. moschata and C. pepo. It is grown in a wide altitudinal range: from sea level to as high as	as	ADP	1,800	NUM	 1,800
Lazenby is that man, and his performance is superb. " Fairbanks also thought On Her Majesty's Secret Service to be " not only the best Bond, it is also the last truly great film in the series. In fact, had the decision been made	made	VERB	to	PART	 to
" Bolt and his teammates won the 4x100 relay in 37.58 seconds; a Commonwealth Games record. In August 2014 Bolt set the indoor 100 m world record in Warsaw with a time of 9.98 seconds. Soon afterwards he ended his season early in order to be fit	fit	ADJ	for	ADP	 for
As for shellfish, there are Dungeness crabs, scallops, shrimp and clams. Salmon are very important food of bears, particularly in the late summer and fall. In the southern part of the bay, there are streams which abound in salmon. They are also	also	ADV	seen	VERB	 seen
Together, elements of the Viet Cong 261st and 514th Battalions in Ap Tan Thoi and Ap Bac formed a ' composite battalion ', which was placed under the command of Colonel Hai Hoang. Previously, leadership of the 261st Battalion alternated between Hoang, a South Vietnamese	Vietnamese	ADJ	revolutionary	NOUN	 revolutionary
Other species joining I. maculata in the Maculata clade include I. cookei, I. quietiodor, I. rhodiola, I. adaequata, and I. erubescens. Inocybe maculata has no generally recognised synonyms. However, there has been some debate about its status as a single species; due	due	ADP	to	ADP	 to
As " one of the reasons for the lamentable record in malaria control in 1942 and early 1943 was the absence of medical authority at the level of the theatre commander's headquarters ", Fairley suggested that there be a body responsible for co ordinating the activities of all	all	DET	allied	VERB	 allied
Steven Moffat, head writer of the new series, said before broadcast that this would be one of the darkest openers to a series ever done for Doctor Who. Director Toby Haynes believed that the darker episodes like " The Impossible Astronaut " and " Day of the	the	DET	Moon	PROPN	 Moon
He pressed for greater use of active day time tactical training rather than evening indoors drill, which he felt was key for a part time volunteer force, and for a greater emphasis on the training and standards of officers. By the end of his second year in	in	ADP	office	NOUN	 office
Certain taxonomic authorities have collapsed both designations into the North American cougar, with Eastern or Florida subspecies not recognized, while a subspecies designation remains recognized by some conservation scientists. In 2003 the documented count for the Florida sub population was 87 individuals. In March 2011,	,	PUNCT	the	DET	 the
On 27 October 2009, Continental Airlines became the 25th member of Star Alliance after leaving SkyTeam three days earlier. According to alliance CEO Jaan Albrecht, " Bringing Continental Airlines into Star Alliance has been a truly unique experience. This is the first time an airline has	has	AUX	moved	VERB	 moved
She tells Belle Dingle (Eden Taylor Draper) about her condition but insists that Belle keep it secret, scared of Cain's reaction if he finds out. Amy later gives birth to a baby boy in the church graveyard. Thinking he is dead, Amy wraps	wraps	VERB	him	PRON	 him
When originally proposed as the Fordham Spire in July 2005, the design had 116 stories and would have included a hotel and condominiums and been topped with a broadcast antenna mast. The design was by Spanish architect Santiago Calatrava, and Chicago developer Christopher T. Carley of the	the	DET	Fordham	PROPN	 Fordham
" McGovern also stated, " Mars might still be locked out of heaven, but it sounds like he's getting closer to the angels. " Story Gilmore of Neon Limelight also praised the performance, commenting that " Bruno served nothing but flawless vocals during the performance	performance	NOUN	just	ADV	 just
Some units of the Polish infantry were still armed with hunting rifles or war scythes, but contrary to common misconception the scythe wielding kosynierzy were but a small minority of Polish forces. The artillery used by both sides was mostly 6 pounder and 12 pounder licornes; heavier	heavier	ADJ	artillery	NOUN	 artillery
The path to the afterlife as laid out in the Book of the Dead was a difficult one. The deceased was required to pass a series of gates, caverns and mounds guarded by supernatural creatures. These terrifying entities were armed with enormous knives and are illustrated in	in	ADP	grotesque	ADJ	 grotesque
The dragon's neck stretched out vertically due to NES hardware sprite limitations horizontally. The animation of the eagle (the " Eagle King ") that transports Kuros to the Wind Elemental was one of Ste Pickford's first graphics which he drew for the NES. It	It	PRON	was	AUX	 was
Just before his visit to the Libyan capital, Goukouni had sent two of his commanders to Libya for consultations; at Tripoli, Goukouni learned from Gaddafi that they had been assassinated by " Libyan dissidents ", and that if Goukouni did not want to risk losing Libyan	Libyan	ADJ	favour	NOUN	 favour
In 1915, he began training with the Landshut Cadet Corps. His father used his connections with the royal family to get Himmler accepted as an officer candidate, and he enlisted with the reserve battalion of the 11th Bavarian Regiment in December 1917. His brother, Gebhard	Gebhard	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
Oxford's cox, 19 year old Abbie Chapman, became the ninth female cox in the history of the contest, and as a result of her diminutive stature, standing 4 ft 10 in (1.47 m) tall, her seat was raised to afford her the	the	DET	visibility	NOUN	 visibility
Instead, after confirming " Runway two two ", Captain Jeffrey Clay taxied onto Runway 26, an unlit secondary runway only 3,500 feet (1,100 m) long, and turned the controls over to First Officer James Polehinke for takeoff. The air traffic controller was not	not	PART	required	VERB	 required
If the office of President becomes vacant before the incumbent's term expires, a poll for an election must be held within six months. In other cases, an election can take place any time from three months before the expiry of the incumbent's term of office	office	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
It was built between 1720 and 1750 for Robert Blundell, the lord of the manor, and was designed by Henry Sephton, a local mason architect. Robert's son, Henry, was a collector of paintings and antiquities, and he built impressive structures in the	the	DET	grounds	NOUN	 grounds
The burning of unearthed corpses continued at full speed until the end of July. The Treblinka II conspirators became increasingly concerned about their future as the amount of work for them began to decline. With fewer transports arriving, they realised " they were next in line for	for	ADP	the	DET	 the
From October through May, the MCA hosts monthly Family Days, which feature artistic activities for all ages. Each summer, the museum hosts Tuesdays on the Terrace, a jazz performance series; Summer Studios, designed for families to experience the creative process; and a	a	DET	Farmers	PROPN	 Farmers
A new type of music hall entertainment had arrived, in the form of variety, and many music hall performers failed to make the transition. Deemed old fashioned and with the closure of many halls, music hall entertainment ceased and the modern day variety began. Music	Music	NOUN	hall	NOUN	 hall
From this time until 1990, Kritosaurus would be composed of at least the type species K. navajovius, K. incurvimanus, and K. notabilis, the former type species of Gryposaurus. The poorly known species Hadrosaurus breviceps (Marsh, 1889), known from a dentary from	from	ADP	the	DET	 the
In 1957 it constructed its current building on Cloverdale Road, and joined the United Synagogue of Conservative Judaism, though it subsequently hired several Orthodox rabbis. Cynthia " Cyndie " Culpeper became Agudath Israel's rabbi in 1995, the first Conservative woman rabbi in Alabama, but	but	CCONJ	left	VERB	 left
Per Li Shimin's plan, the Tang troops did not come forth to deploy for battle; instead they remained in their strong defensive positions, waiting for the Xia army to tire and begin its withdrawal. Then the Tang, according to Graff, " would rush	rush	VERB	out	ADP	 out
For Lawson, Inside No. 9 was able to overcome these problems through the " pleasing coherence " offered by the fact each episode was set in a number 9, and " the wit and inventiveness " of the opening episodes, which could sufficiently engage viewers.	.	PUNCT	Pemberton	PROPN	 Pemberton
In 1570 he moved to Rome, where he opened a workshop and executed a series of works. During his stay in Italy, El Greco enriched his style with elements of Mannerism and of the Venetian Renaissance. In 1577, he moved to Toledo, Spain,	,	PUNCT	where	SCONJ	 where
The monarchy was also dynastic: the princes were to be elected by boyars from among the members of the ruling family, the Basarabs. The boyars were the members of the privileged landed aristocracy. However, the origin of the Romanian boyar class is problematic: it	it	PRON	may	AUX	 may
In addition, women are more likely than men to mention the dangers of HIV / AIDS when they suspect that their spouses are engaging in extramarital sexual relations. According to a 2003 study by Eliya Msiyaphazi Zulu and Gloria Chepngeno, although higher levels of education do correspond	correspond	VERB	to	ADP	 to
It was also revealed that the film included new characters from the video game series, such as Jill Valentine, Claire Redfield, Carlos Olivera, Dr. William Birkin and Nemesis. In April 2003, it was confirmed that the story began minutes after the end of the	the	DET	first	ADJ	 first
Aigis, unable to defeat the Shadow, sealed it inside the Protagonist, who was a child at the time. By defeating the twelve greater Shadows, the Death Shadow was recreated. Its purpose is to usher Nyx into the world, who will bring about the	the	DET	extinction	NOUN	 extinction
Native to Indonesia and Malaysia, orangutans are currently found in only the rainforests of Borneo and Sumatra. Classified in the genus Pongo, orangutans were considered to be one species. Since 1996, they have been divided into two species: the Bornean orangutan (P. pygmaeus	pygmaeus	NOUN	)	PUNCT	)
He tossed hoodlums who had been bothering women through a plate glass window, one by one, and then arrested them for malicious destruction of property, for which they were sentenced to 30 days in jail. He also disarmed a man who was robbing a crowded restaurant	restaurant	NOUN	at	ADP	 at
" To him, Brown is a " strange guy " with " zero " emotional intelligence. Having been elected as leader Blair moves the Labour Party to the political centre ground, repackaging it as " New Labour ", and goes on to win the 1997 general	general	ADJ	election	NOUN	 election
Four General Electric turbo generators powered each propeller shaft and each was rated at 35,200 kilowatts (47,200 hp), 5000 volts and 4620 amps of direct current (DC). Each of the four AC alternators produced 40,000 kVA. Sixteen water tube boilers, each in	in	ADP	their	PRON	 their
Rollins said: How great would that be? A World Series here, us against the Yankees? … We've proved we can put on a pretty good show. The Yankees defeated the Phillies, four games to two, to win the franchise's record 27th	27th	NOUN	World	PROPN	 World
They come across a strange train hauling tanker trucks and they follow it to a large cornfield surrounding two glowing domes. They enter the domes, only to find them empty. Suddenly, grates leading to an underground area open in the floor and a swarm of bees	bees	NOUN	chases	VERB	 chases
Early drainage work on the Somerset Levels was carried out in the later years of the 12th century, with the responsibility for maintaining all the watercourses between Glastonbury and the sea being placed on named individuals among whom were Ralph de Sancta Barbara of Brentmarsh. In 1129,	,	PUNCT	the	DET	 the
Tarkovsky's adaptation is a " drama of grief and partial recovery " concentrated upon the thoughts and the consciences of the cosmonaut scientists studying Solaris ' mysterious ocean. In loyalty to the novel's complex and slow paced narrative, Tarkovsky wanted to bring a new emotional and	and	CCONJ	intellectual	ADJ	 intellectual
During shooting in Ooty, Ramachandran personally bought sweaters for the entire cast and crew. The Government Botanical Gardens in Ooty were also used as a shooting location. The production unit, composed of 20 crew members, along with Tirulokchandar, M. G. Ramachandran, Saroja Devi	Devi	PROPN	and	CCONJ	 and
The University of Pennsylvania bought part of Cope's ethnological artifact collection for $5,500. The Academy of Natural Sciences, Philadelphia's foremost museum, did not bid on any of Cope's sales due to bad blood between Cope and the museum's leaders; as a	a	DET	result	NOUN	 result
In 2011 Lauren Redniss published Radioactive: Marie and Pierre Curie, a Tale of Love and Fallout. Greer Garson and Walter Pidgeon starred in the 1943 U.S. Oscar nominated film, Madame Curie, based on her life. More recently, in 1997, a French film	film	NOUN	about	ADP	 about
Fizeau used a special interferometer arrangement to measure the effect of movement of a medium upon the speed of light. According to the theories prevailing at the time, light traveling through a moving medium would be dragged along by the medium, so that the measured speed of	of	ADP	the	DET	 the
The NBC premiere lineup on September 30, 1982 consisted of (beginning at 8: 00 pm Eastern and Pacific Time) Fame, Cheers, Taxi and Hill Street Blues. Cheers debuted at 9: 00 pm against the two hour season premiere of Magnum, P.I.	P.I.	PROPN	and	CCONJ	 and
Later, in November 2013, Digital Extremes creative director Stephen Sinclair said to IGN that he was " kind of surprised [...] to see one of the most awesome, popular and successful film directors working today slagging on that project ". Video game insiders linked	linked	VERB	the	DET	 the
No move materialised, and he continued to progress through the youth system at Home Park, and was offered a professional contract at the age of 17 by manager Tony Pulis in February 2006. During his time as an apprentice, Laird lived in a hotel " just	just	ADV	for	ADP	 for
The new propellant powders, known as surface coated double base (SCDB) propellants, allow the DM63 to be used in many climates with consistent results. The new ammunition has been accepted into service with the Dutch and Swiss, as well as German, armies.	.	PUNCT	The	DET	 The
It was the third highest rated show on the Fox network that week, following World's Wildest Police Videos and Melrose Place. Since airing, the episode has received mixed reviews from television critics. The authors of the book I Can't Believe It's a Bigger	Bigger	ADJ	and	CCONJ	 and
He tied individual officers to him by controlling their promotion and the flow of money for payrolls. Researchers working from the 1990s have concluded that money was directly funnelled to the army by the U.S. Central Intelligence Agency, the UN, and Belgium. Despite this, by	by	ADP	September	PROPN	 September
Never adopted by the kirk, they nevertheless remained popular and were reprinted from the 1540s to the 1620s. Later the Calvinism that came to dominate the Scottish Reformation was much more hostile to Catholic musical tradition and popular music, placing an emphasis on what was biblical,	,	PUNCT	which	PRON	 which
Usher found, after following the success of DJ Hero, that the game was " very interesting " as a means of connecting younger gamers to music such as his that they would not be able to experience live at a club, leading to his desire to be	be	AUX	a	DET	 a
Despite the loss of dominance, Egbert's military successes fundamentally changed the political landscape of Anglo Saxon England. Wessex retained control of the south eastern kingdoms, with the possible exception of Essex, and Mercia did not regain control of East Anglia. Egbert's victories marked	marked	VERB	the	DET	 the
His conditions were quite exorbitant – a 3000 ruble annual salary, a pension for his wife, and the promise of high ranking appointments for his sons. All of these requests were granted. He spent the rest of his life in Russia. However, his second	second	ADJ	stay	NOUN	 stay
(April 2012). Scott Standard Postage Stamp Catalog 1. Sidney, OH: Scott Publishing Co. ISBN 978 0 89487 460 4. Lenczowski, George (1990). American Presidents and the Middle East. Durham, NC: Duke University Press. ISBN 978	978	NUM	0	NUM	 0
Bertuzzi was released from his professional tryout offer with Binghamton on January 21, 2015, after posting no points and a minus 3 rating in his 2 games played with the Senators. He subsequently retired that year. Bertuzzi debuted internationally for Team Canada at the 1998 World	World	PROPN	Championships	PROPN	 Championships
Villano derives from the Medieval Latin villanus, meaning a " farmhand ". The etymology of the word relates to the fact that the form's initial distinguishing feature was the pastoral subject. The villanelle originated as a simple ballad like song — in imitation of peasant songs	songs	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
In 1841, Passavant attributed the diptych jointly to Hubert and Jan van Eyck; by 1853, he had revised his opinion and gave attribution exclusively to Jan. Gustav Waagen, the first director of the Gemäldegalerie, Berlin, attributed them to Petrus Christus in the mid 19th	19th	ADJ	century	NOUN	 century
An underwater power cable brought electricity from the mainland and floodlights were placed along the walls of Fort Wood. Gutzon Borglum, who later sculpted Mount Rushmore, redesigned the torch, replacing much of the original copper with stained glass. On December 2, 1916, President	President	PROPN	Woodrow	PROPN	 Woodrow
After becoming the focus of a television documentary, the building — in a serious state of disrepair — was purchased by a Dutch housing corporation. Aided by photographs taken by the Frank family and descriptions in letters written by Anne Frank, it was restored to its 1930s	1930s	NUM	appearance	NOUN	 appearance
In the kingdom of the Valley of the Wind, a prophecy predicts a saviour " clothed in blue robes, descending onto a golden field, to join bonds with the great Earth and guide the people to the pure lands at last ". Nausicaä, the princess	princess	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
The third phase received the least consideration, but naval planners were aware that Singapore was too far from Japan to provide an adequate base for operations close to Japan. Moreover, the further the fleet proceeded from Singapore, the weaker it would become. If American assistance	assistance	NOUN	was	AUX	 was
At the time of release in Denmark in 1886, the daily newspapers were generally enthusiastic about Ved Vejen. Writing in Politiken, Edvard Brandes, after referring to the novel's " outrageous style ", welcomed it as a " quite excellent novel " which was "	"	PUNCT	so	ADV	 so
The city of Santee faced problems in the construction of the freeway from SR 125 to SR 67. As early as 1995, it was clear that the environmental impact report was delayed and that there would be funding difficulties. SANDAG allocated $23 million dollars (about	about	ADV	$	SYM	 $
They ruled the Jaffna kingdom from the 13th until the 17th century, when the last of the dynasty, Cankili II, was ousted by the Portuguese. The origins of the Aryacakravarti are claimed in contemporary court chronicles; modern historians offer some competing theories. From the	the	DET	thirteenth	ADJ	 thirteenth
It was during this festival that the core structure of the event was finalised following a meeting with committee members. These principles of the event are to promote the languages, musical talents and cultures within the six territories recognised as Celtic nations. Eligibility to compete at the	the	DET	Pan	PROPN	 Pan
" Enomoto surrendered on June 27, 1869, accepting the Meiji Emperor's rule, and the Ezo Republic ceased to exist. Following victory, the new government proceeded with unifying the country under a single, legitimate and powerful rule by the imperial court. The emperor	emperor	NOUN	's	PART	's
At the end of the episode. Harry has Osbourne assassinated. Bill Watson receives photographs of the dead refugees washed up on a beach, presumably sent by MI5, along with a note reading " are you happy with your wash? " The episode's storyline,	,	PUNCT	including	VERB	 including
Cubbie Roo, the best known Orcadian giant, has a presence on Shapinsay. He was originally based on the historical figure Kolbein Hrúga, who built Cubbie Roo's Castle in 1150 on the isle of Wyre, which is possibly the oldest castle in Scotland, and	and	CCONJ	was	AUX	 was
Leading a " Special Column ", the battalion reached the Toba Plateau, some 8,000 feet (2,400 m) high, but the war was concluded before the battalion could engage Afghan forces. Those personnel who remained after the majority demobilised in 1920 joined the Sudan garrison	garrison	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
The flora of the continent largely consists of bryophytes. There are about 100 species of mosses and 25 species of liverworts, but only three species of flowering plants, all of which are found in the Antarctic Peninsula: Deschampsia antarctica (Antarctic hair grass), Colobanthus	Colobanthus	PROPN	quitensis	NOUN	 quitensis
Their numbers were greatly reduced by disease and warfare with the Five Nations of the Iroquois, and by 1675 they had died out, moved away, or been assimilated into other tribes. The West Branch Susquehanna River valley was subsequently under the nominal control of the Iroquois	Iroquois	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
The estimated half life of lead in bone is 20 to 30 years, and bone can introduce lead into the bloodstream long after the initial exposure is gone. The half life of lead in the blood in men is about 40 days, but it may be longer	longer	ADJ	in	ADP	 in
He felt the work was an example of what he described as " good bad poetry "; verse which is essentially vulgar, yet undeniably seductive and " a sign of the emotional overlap between the intellectual and the ordinary man. " The Barrack Room Ballads, as	as	SCONJ	the	DET	 the
The game was originally planned as having third person perspective gameplay, but after Miyamoto intervened this was changed to first person perspective and almost everything already developed was scrapped. The change from third person perspective was prompted by camera problems experienced by Rare Ltd., which was developing	developing	VERB	Jet	PROPN	 Jet
On October 25, 1788 Jones ' team began their survey of Grimsby Township; it was completed November 13, 1788. Saltfleet Township was surveyed from November 14, 1788 to December 25, 1788 and Binbrook Township was surveyed from December 24, 1788 until February 12	12	NUM	,	PUNCT	,
Initially the Britons of Somerset seem to have continued much as under the Romans but without the imperial taxation and markets. There was then a period of civil war in Britain though it is not known how this affected Somerset. The Western Wandsdyke may have been constructed in	in	ADP	this	DET	 this
After months of negotiations, Odlum was dismissed as Deputy Prime Minister, and the ensuing government weakness and infighting led to its defeat in the 1982 election. In opposition, Odlum was made Ambassador to the United Nations, resigning in 1996. When the Labour Party came	came	VERB	to	ADP	 to
Another 27 Serbs from the village were killed between this massacre and 9 June, and over 5,000 head of livestock were stolen and distributed to Muslim villages in the Gacko area for the exclusive use of the Ustaše. The estimated number of Serbs killed at Korita vary from	from	ADP	133	NUM	 133
The University of Sydney appointed Mackay an honorary Esquire Bedell in 1950 and awarded him an honorary degree of Doctor of Laws in 1952. When Blamey died in 1951, Mackay rushed to Melbourne to be one of his pallbearers. Mackay visited Greece in 1952 for the unveiling	unveiling	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
Around 2 pm, the British barges carrying artillery floated down the La Chute River, and, contrary to plan, came down a channel between an island in the La Chute and the shore. This brought them within range of the French left and some of the	the	DET	fort	NOUN	 fort
" The length of " From the Ages " was also criticized by Exclaim! reviewer Trystan MacDonald who cited it as the record's " only flaw " and rated the album overall 8 out of 10. eMusic contributor Dan Epstein rated the album 4.5 stars out of	of	ADP	5	NUM	 5
Director Chris Buck later stated, " [Anna's] secret weapon is love, " while head of story Paul Briggs commented that she is " a character who is willing to stand beside you and stand up for what's right. Her sister was born with	with	ADP	a	DET	 a
Following the outbreak of the English Civil War in 1642, the castle was held by forces loyal to Charles I, holding out until 1646 when it surrendered to the Parliamentary armies. In the aftermath the castle was partially slighted by Parliament to prevent it being used in	in	ADP	any	DET	 any
Compsognathus longipes is one of the few dinosaur species for which diet is known with certainty: the remains of small, agile lizards are preserved in the bellies of both specimens. Teeth discovered in Portugal may be further fossil remains of the genus. Although not recognized as	as	ADP	such	ADJ	 such
Lee and Bynoe had worked together in Boston years earlier, and Bynoe thought of Lee as a mentor. They had kept in touch, and were involved in several real estate dealings together. But the Nuggets deal was problematic from the start. In fact, it	it	PRON	almost	ADV	 almost
Ben Rawson Jones of Digital Spy gave the episode three stars out of five. His opening said " Fantastic effects and a well developed moral dilemma bolster ' The Fires Of Pompeii ', although the episode fails to erupt. " Rawson Jones felt that Moran's script	script	NOUN	took	VERB	 took
He sent Godinot's infantry brigade, flanked by Briche's light cavalry and supported by artillery, across the bridge towards the village. Four platoons of Vistulan Lancers also crossed the river, but they were driven back by the 3rd Dragoon Guards. A Portuguese gun battery	battery	NOUN	had	AUX	 had
The film was also included and ranked 57th on Hollywood's 100 Favorite Films, a list compiled by The Hollywood Reporter, surveying " Studio chiefs, Oscar winners and TV royalty ". The Dark Knight ranked 96th on BBC's " 100 Greatest American Films " list	list	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
The Burger King v. Hoots trademark dispute and its resulting decision went beyond the original case, it established a major legal precedent in the United States in regards to the Lanham Act. The ruling states that while the senior user of the state service mark or trademark has	has	VERB	prior	ADJ	 prior
However, from 1942 to 1946, during the Second World War, members of the class under overhaul were turned out in unlined black livery as a wartime economy measure, with green shaded sunshine yellow lettering. The final Southern livery used from 1946 reverted to malachite green	green	ADJ	,	PUNCT	,
In 724, immediately after the rise of Hisham ibn Abd al Malik (r. 724 – 743) to the throne, Asad's brother Khalid al Qasri was appointed to the important post of governor of Iraq, with responsibility over the entire Islamic East, which he	he	PRON	held	VERB	 held
In early September, an indignant letter to the Rhodesia Herald from Colonel Raleigh Grey, a major figure in local business, politics and military matters, accused the Company of bringing " a slur on a British country " by doing so little. A few days after	after	SCONJ	the	DET	 the
A mostly white dog, he ran briefly with a hunting kennel before becoming a show dog, most notably with a victory at the show which popularised the Fox Terrier. His main show rivalry was with a dog named Tartar, and along with a dog named Trap	Trap	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
Haggard was greatly interested in the ruins discovered at Zimbabwe in the 1870s. In 1896, he provided the preface to a monograph that detailed a history of the site, declaring: Haggard was strongly influenced by archaeology and evolutionary theories, especially ideas about the " racialisation	racialisation	NOUN	"	PUNCT	 "
The show originally aired on November 12, 2006. The plot follows Peter losing his fingers after an accident while holding fireworks. Behind on his work and threatened with the possibility of dismissal, he asks Lois to catch up on his work for him, to which	which	PRON	she	PRON	 she
Hanada holes up in Misako's apartment and Number One begins an extended siege, taunting Hanada with threatening phone calls and forbidding him to leave the apartment. Eventually, Number One moves in with the now exhausted and inebriated Hanada under the pretext that he is deciding how	how	SCONJ	to	PART	 to
Patients are subject to constant itching and pain, as within minutes of the initial exposure to UV radiation a rash will appear. The urticarial reaction begins in the form of pruritus, later progressing to erythema and edema in the exposed areas of the skin. If vast	vast	ADJ	areas	NOUN	 areas
Stewart, who has been acclaimed in his own riding of Sedgewick, announced that he would resign as Premier as soon as the UFA had selected somebody to replace him. Once it selected Herbert Greenfield, Stewart made good on his pledge, and Greenfield replaced him August	August	PROPN	13	NUM	 13
Flight arrangements were made with Roger Peterson, a 21 year old local pilot described as a " young married man who built his life around flying ". The flying service charged a fee of $36 per passenger for the flight on the 1947 single engined, V	V	PROPN	tailed	VERB	 tailed
The mothering nature of Janeway on Kim has been described by reviewers, with the crew forming a type of family network which has Kim as a surrogate son. His separation from his nuclear family at a young age is described as cruel, and Janeway, Chakotay and	and	CCONJ	Tuvok	PROPN	 Tuvok
Stamps on tegulae indicate that Mamucium had administrative links not only with Castleshaw, but also with Ardotalia, the nearest fort (12 miles), Slack and Ebchester; all the forts probably got the tegulae from the same place in Grimescar Wood near Huddersfield. The area	area	NOUN	around	ADP	 around
When he was caught, at the 30 km (19 mi) to go mark, the Farnese Vini – Neri Sottoli team took to the front of the field to try to set up an attack by their leader Giovanni Visconti. Visconti never had much of an	an	DET	advantage	NOUN	 advantage
She served with the screens for both the battlecruisers of the I Scouting Group during operations against the British coast and the Battle of Dogger Bank. She was assigned to the screen for the battle fleet during the Battle of Jutland on 31 May – 1 June 1916.	.	PUNCT	She	PRON	 She
In 1989, Rolling Stone ranked it as the best album of the 1980s. In 1999, Q magazine named London Calling the fourth greatest British album of all time, and wrote that it is " the best Clash album and therefore among the very best albums ever	ever	ADV	recorded	VERB	 recorded
The ships ' engines were rated at 132,000 shaft horsepower (98,000 kW) for a top speed of 32 knots (59 km / h; 37 mph). They carried 1,420 to 1,460 t (1,400 to 1,440 long tons; 1,570 to 1,610 short tons)	)	PUNCT	of	ADP	 of
The ice was used to allow goods to be brought to market. Cincinnati and Chicago began to use ice to help the packing of pork in the summer, John L. Schooley developing the first refrigerated packing room. Fruit began to be stored in the central Illinois using	using	VERB	refrigerators	NOUN	 refrigerators
Strong winds buffeted the Florida Panhandle, accompanied by one tornado and several funnel clouds. In Panama City, wind gusts reached 78 mph (126 km / h), damaging two houses, a motel, and a fishing pier. The winds were strong enough to	to	PART	remove	VERB	 remove
In 1936, Murphy was selected to join Wackett on a mission to investigate aircraft production overseas with a view to setting up local construction plants. The team determined that the North American NA 16 was most suitable for Australian conditions and manufacture; following testing of a prototype	prototype	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
The name of the team was at first left up to Brown, who rejected calls for it to be christened the Browns. McBride then held a contest to name the team in May 1945; " Cleveland Panthers " was the most popular choice, but Brown rejected	rejected	VERB	it	PRON	 it
Following the election of 2004, Maryland politicians started announcing their intentions for the 2006 elections. Among them was three term County Executive Doug Duncan, who was in the early stages of a run for governor. In December 2004, Leggett left his position as Chair of	of	ADP	the	DET	 the
Her career choice as a librarian is speculated to be due in part to the fact that it works as a convincing cover for her much more dangerous work as Batgirl. In an effort to conceal her identity from not only her enemies, but her father, Commissioner	Commissioner	PROPN	Gordon	PROPN	 Gordon
Their early albums included both instrumental surf rock (among them covers of music by Dick Dale) and vocal songs, drawing on rock and roll and doo wop and the close harmonies of vocal pop acts like the Four Freshmen. Their first chart hit, " Surfin	Surfin	PROPN	'	PUNCT	 '
The storm quickly became better organized based on satellite data and ship reports. Almost immediately after emerging into the Gulf of Mexico on July 30, the cloud pattern of system quickly became better organized. Later after emerging into the Gulf of Mexico, ships and satellite images	images	NOUN	confirmed	VERB	 confirmed
Informed of their approach, the Byzantine commander vacated the camp and placed his troops in ambush. Finding the enemy encampment deserted, the Fatimid troops began to plunder it, heedless of anything else. At that moment, Nicholas launched a surprise attack from all sides and	and	CCONJ	the	DET	 the
The Indian government has approved the construction of a 12 km (7.5 mi) stone masonry wall on the southern boundary of the reserve where it comes in direct contact with agricultural fields. In April 2008, the National Conservation Tiger Authority (NCTA) expressed serious concern	concern	NOUN	that	SCONJ	 that
By 1973 the Bizarre and Straight labels were discontinued. In their place, Zappa and Cohen created DiscReet Records, also distributed by Warner Bros. Zappa continued a high rate of production through the first half of the 1970s, including the solo album Apostrophe (') (	(	PUNCT	1974	NUM	1974
By 1872, under the direction of Jamāl al Dīn al Afghānī, European philosophy was also added to the study program. Following the French withdrawal, Ali, the wāli (governor) and self declared khedive (viceroy) of Egypt, sought to consolidate his newfound	newfound	ADJ	control	NOUN	 control
John Howard becomes leader of the Opposition, presenting a new threat to Keating. Howard describes his intense desire for power and his thirst for revenge against the petty humiliations put on him as a child in a menacing minor key march (" Power "). However	However	ADV	,	PUNCT	,
Other government positions included Recorder, Treasurer, Attorney, and Sheriff. The recorder position would later become the position of Secretary of State. Over the course of nearly six years under the provisional government, the settlers passed numerous laws. One law allowed people to claim	claim	VERB	640	NUM	 640
Liverpool in the late 19th century suffered extremes of poverty, and had the highest infant mortality rate in the country. Mary became a trade union organiser and campaigner against poverty, and established a reputation as an outstanding platform speaker. She was the dominant early influence on	on	ADP	her	PRON	 her
Psyche begins to search after Cupid, and Aphrodite forces her to perform various tasks before she could be united with her love. After nearly dying from one of the tasks, Cupid asks Zeus to transform Psyche into a goddess so the two can be together. The	The	DET	action	NOUN	 action
The king of Samarkand, Ghurak, who had unto this moment remained ostensibly loyal to the Arabs — although, ever careful to hedge his bets, he had sent his son Mukhtar to the khagan — now switched sides. Exhausted by thirst, the Arab vanguard was	was	AUX	almost	ADV	 almost
" Judicial Watch followed its FOIA request with a FOIA lawsuit on June 8, 2011, and by January 31, 2014, obtained some of the documents Admiral William McRaven had tried to withhold. The most important of these is an email written by McRaven on Friday	Friday	PROPN	13	NUM	 13
Major streams include Black Creek, two tributaries named Little Nescopeck Creek, Oley Creek, Creasy Creek, and Long Run. There are 13 named streams in the Nescopeck Creek watershed. The portion of Nescopeck Creek from its mouth upstream to the mouth of Black Creek has	has	VERB	a	DET	 a
Operation Poll Gallop was the name given to the largely logistic operation to support the Namibian elections. Activities began with 1ASC from May 1989 onward, but became the primary task for 2ASC: Service support: Support was provided to approximately 500 electoral centres and police stations through	through	ADP	the	DET	 the
Two years later, on 7 December 1941, the Japanese attack on Pearl Harbor sank Arizona in a tremendous explosion and slightly damaged Pennsylvania, which was in dry dock at the time. Pennsylvania came back into service more quickly than many of the other battleships present during	during	ADP	the	DET	 the
Batwoman appears as a member of an all female team of heroes created by Wonder Woman to repel a faux alien invasion of Washington DC masterminded by Professor Ivo. After the battle is over, Kate asks Wonder Woman if she'd like to accompany Kate and the other	other	ADJ	heroines	NOUN	 heroines
When switching to become a Democrat, he voted 69% with his new party initially, until Joe Sestak entered the Democratic primary and Specter started to vote 97% of the time. Specter stated that he was " personally opposed to abortion, " but was "	"	PUNCT	a	DET	 a
The dossier consists of two folders; a " personal file " containing 90 pages of documents, including a handwritten commitment to cooperate with the secret police dated 21 December 1970, and signed Lech Wałęsa - Bolek with a pledge he would never admit his collaboration with secret	secret	ADJ	police	NOUN	 police
After the duo moved to Jacksonville, they began to put together large jam sessions. Dickey Betts had played in Oakley ’ s previous band, the Second Coming, and became the group ’ s second lead guitarist, while Butch Trucks, with whom Duane and Gregg	Gregg	PROPN	had	AUX	 had
" Warren Martyn and Adrian Wood, the authors of the book I Can't Believe It's a Bigger and Better Updated Unofficial Simpsons Guide, said: " A surprisingly traditional episode. The flashback to 1993 seems a bit odd, but this is a good example	example	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
India's two island territories, Lakshadweep and the Andaman and Nicobar Islands, are also subject to this climate. Characterised by moderate to high year round temperatures, even in the foothills, its rainfall is seasonal but heavy — typically above 2,000 mm (79 in)	)	PUNCT	per	ADP	 per
Conditions improved after his discharge and transfer to a prisoner of war camp. On his way to the camp, Horrocks befriended his German escort — he attributed their rapport to the mutual respect that front line troops share. He was promoted to lieutenant on 18 December 1914	1914	NUM	,	PUNCT	,
The badge belonging to the Sovereign consists of a jewelled, 18 carat gold crown of rubies, emeralds, and sapphires, from which is suspended a white, enamelled, hexagonal snowflake design, with six equal leaves and diamonds between each. At the centre is a	a	DET	disc	NOUN	 disc
This change also included having the name of the Metro section be called New York outside of the Tri State Area. The presses used by The New York Times allow four sections to be printed simultaneously; as the paper had included more than four sections all days except	except	SCONJ	Saturday	PROPN	 Saturday
He was elected to the Tennessee Senate in 1841, where he served a two year term. He had achieved financial success in his tailoring business, but sold it to concentrate on politics. He had also acquired additional real estate, including a larger home and a	a	DET	farm	NOUN	 farm
The abolition of peine forte et dure as a way to avoid the forfeiture of land was also proposed. For legal system reform, the Commission suggested the creation of county courts led by the Westminster judges with jurisdiction over civil actions, and small claims courts for amounts	amounts	NOUN	under	ADP	 under
War broke out the next year, and in 1588, the year of the Spanish Armada, a Jesuit priest called Father Darbysher, and Roger Walton, a spy in the pay of the Spanish, made plans to hand over the castle to an invading force of	of	ADP	French	ADJ	 French
DisplayPort uses a self clocking, micro packet based protocol that allows for a variable number of differential lanes as well as flexible allocation of bandwidth between audio and video, and allows encapsulating multichannel compressed audio formats in the audio stream. DisplayPort ports can be made so that	that	SCONJ	they	PRON	 they
A total of 623 Frenchmen had died, along with around 182 of the Zaian. French losses amounted to 218 Algerian or Tunisian Tirailleurs, 210 French soldiers and 33 French officers, 125 Senegalese Tirailleurs and 37 Moroccan Goums killed. The French officers suffered the highest casualty	casualty	NOUN	rate	NOUN	 rate
For the next 2.5 miles (4.0 km), the route passes by open fields as it overlooks the lake to the east. The route gradually descends back into the valley as it heads further northward into the town of Fleming. Once in Fleming, NY 38	38	NUM	runs	NOUN	 runs
Young officers like Marshall who had not served overseas during the war were sent on battlefield tours. From 20 June to 30 August 1919, he toured the battlefields of World War I, visiting Britain, France, Belgium and Germany, before returning to Camp A. A.	A.	NOUN	Humphreys	PROPN	 Humphreys
He pushed the development of a number of new weapons systems, including the Lockheed P 3 Orion and the nuclear powered aircraft carrier USS Enterprise. Between 1959 and 1961, Defense expenditure on research and development grew from $525 million (roughly equivalent to $4.26 billion	billion	NUM	in	ADP	 in
It was probably discovered in China before 2800 BC, in Central America perhaps around 600 AD, and in West Africa about the 9th or 10th century AD. Investment casting was invented in 4500 – 4000 BC in Southeast Asia and carbon dating has established mining at Alderley	Alderley	PROPN	Edge	PROPN	 Edge
Other historical poems also expanded on the ideal of a single Romanian state, while presenting the 1848 generation as a model for future Romanian politicians. Throughout the 1860s, one of Heliade's main interests was an investigation into the issues involving Romanian history during the origin of	of	ADP	the	DET	 the
In total, the Russians fielded 155,200 troops. There were 10,000 Cossacks as well as 33,000 Russian militiamen in the area who did not participate in the battle. After the battle the militia units were broken up to provide reinforcements to depleted regular infantry battalions. Of the	the	DET	637	NUM	 637
Fruit clusters are collected exclusively by the men. Supported by a strap, the harvester climbs the tree, cuts the bud, and holds out a funnel which allows the resulting fluid to flow drip by drip into an elongated calabash or, more recently, a bottle	bottle	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
From the north of the hall are two further approaches. The Eccleston Approach goes to the village of Eccleston, and slightly to the west, the Chester Approach bypasses the village, going through Eccleston Hill. Associated with these approaches are further listed buildings. Of these	these	PRON	,	PUNCT	,
Krebs and Leber invited Columbia Records President Clive Davis to see the band at Max's Kansas City in New York City. Aerosmith was not originally scheduled to play that night at the club, but they paid from their own pockets to secure a place on the bill	bill	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
The game has attained a rating of 86% on GameRankings and an 85% rating on Metacritic. The game was re released as a high definition port for the PlayStation 3 and PlayStation Vita in 2013, together with Final Fantasy X, under the title Final Fantasy	Fantasy	PROPN	X	PROPN	 X
The saddleback carapace probably evolved independently several times in dry habitats, since genetic similarity between populations does not correspond to carapace shape. Saddleback tortoises are, therefore, not necessarily more closely related to each other than to their domed counterparts, as shape is not determined by	by	ADP	a	DET	 a
As there was space at Lillie Bridge Depot after the District had moved to Mill Hill Park, the GNP & BR took over part of the site for its depot. Barons Court opened 9 October 1905 and the tube railway opened as the Piccadilly line on 15 December	December	PROPN	1906	NUM	 1906
In September 1801 he married Margaret Cradock (11 June 1776 – 20 January 1854) at the church in Gilling West in the North Riding of Yorkshire. Margaret was the eldest daughter of Sheldon Cradock of Hartforth who was the lord of the manor of Lax's home	home	NOUN	village	NOUN	 village
In 2001, " Rock Bottom " and " Arrgh! " also won the Golden Reel Awards for Best Sound Editing in Television Animation — Sound, while " Fools in April " and " Neptune's Spatula " were nominated for Best Sound Editing in Television Animation —	—	PUNCT	Music	PROPN	 Music
He added that developers should not attempt to force their technology to perform in ways it was not intended, and should find a balance between perfection and pragmatism. The soundtrack of Deus Ex, composed by Alexander Brandon (primary contributor, including main theme), Dan	Dan	PROPN	Gardopée	PROPN	 Gardopée
Areas of Tulsa west of the Arkansas River are called West Tulsa, and are marked by large parks, wilderness reserves, and large oil refineries. The northern tier of the city is home to OSU Tulsa, Gilcrease Museum, Tulsa International Airport, the Tulsa Zoo	Zoo	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
After the occupation of Poland, all Jews living in the General Government were confined to ghettos, and those who were physically fit were required to perform compulsory labour. In 1941 Hitler decided to destroy the Polish nation completely. He planned that within 10 to 20 years	years	NOUN	the	DET	 the
The away section is small for most Allsvenskan matches, with the most notable exceptions being matches against Helsingborgs IF, AIK, Djurgårdens IF, and IFK Göteborg. These matches tend to draw larger away attendances, and the away area is therefore accordingly expanded across the entire	entire	ADJ	lower	ADJ	 lower
By July 2005, the band was not yet signed to a record label. Howling Bells toured for ten months prior to the release of the album. They played sporadically in clubs in Australia and North America, and they toured Europe and the UK with Editors.	.	PUNCT	The	DET	 The
He attacked the dogmas of religion and rejected Islam. He was equally sarcastic towards the religions of Jews, Christians and Zoroastrians. He advocated social justice, and lived a secluded, ascetic lifestyle. He was a strict vegetarian, writing " do not desire as food	food	NOUN	the	DET	 the
Station 3's utilization decreased from 43 percent in 2001 to 11.2 percent in 2005. As of 2009, the power station was used as a peaking power plant operating in the summer, with two operational natural gas steam electric generating units with a combined 210 MW capacity	capacity	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
Another reference frame is provided by the cosmic microwave background (CMB). The Milky Way is moving at 552 ± 6 km / s with respect to the photons of the CMB, toward 10.5 right ascension, − 24° declination (J2000 epoch, near the	the	DET	center	NOUN	 center
He regarded his time in the Sahara as " the most peaceful and contented years " of his life. He was considered amongst the most distinguished British writers on the Sahara. After leaving the Sahara, Bodley spent three months in Java working on a tea plantation,	,	PUNCT	before	ADP	 before
Strassburg was able to duck into the mists and evade fire, but Cöln remained visible and was quickly crippled by fire from the squadron. Beatty, however, was distracted from the task of finishing her off by the sudden appearance of the elderly light cruiser SMS Ariadne	Ariadne	PROPN	directly	ADV	 directly
He finished the 2013 – 14 season with five league goals, in addition to nine assists. He failed to make it into the Bundesliga Team of the Season, but was included in a list of the Best Defenders for the 2013 – 14 campaign. Rodríguez's	's	PART	nine	NUM	 nine
As one of the world's leading international financial centres, Hong Kong has a major capitalist service economy characterised by low taxation and free trade. The currency, Hong Kong dollar, is the eighth most traded currency in the world as of 2010. Hong Kong was	was	AUX	once	ADV	 once
Several other regional Memoranda Of Understanding have been established based on the Paris model, including the " Memorandum of Understanding on Port State Control in the Asia Pacific Region ", typically referred to as the " Tokyo MOU ", and organizations for the Black Sea, the	the	DET	Caribbean	PROPN	 Caribbean
There is a large Rolls Royce industrial area to the west of the station, while the area to the north and east is primarily residential. To the south is a large amount of railway land, including the Filton Triangle depot. The station is on the South	South	PROPN	Wales	PROPN	 Wales
The pay per view buyrate was 0.82, down from 1.4 the previous year, and was the lowest buyrate in Survivor Series history to that point. The event has been rated by several sources. Adam Gutschmidt, writing for Online Onslaught, stated that " many of	of	ADP	the	DET	 the
Although the Metropolitan Interments Act 1850 authorised Chadwick's scheme to proceed, the Metropolitan Interment Amendment Act 1852 repealed the authorisation. An area of ground so distant as to be beyond any possible future extension of the Capital, sufficiently large to allow of its sub division,	,	PUNCT	not	PART	 not
They carried 3,500 long tons (3,556 t) of coal, and an additional 1,135 long tons (1,153 t) of fuel oil that was to be sprayed on the coal to increase its burn rate. At full capacity, they could steam for 5,610 nautical miles	miles	NOUN	(	PUNCT	 (
Deinonychus fossils have been uncovered in small groups near the remains of the herbivore Tenontosaurus, a larger ornithischian dinosaur. This had been interpreted as evidence that these dromaeosaurids hunted in coordinated packs like some modern mammals. However, not all paleontologists found the evidence conclusive, and	and	CCONJ	a	DET	 a
The town was granted a Royal Charter in 1414, which allowed it to hold a fair twice a year, and a market on every Monday, making the settlement a market town. According to popular tradition, Sir Ralph de Assheton, who was lord of the	the	DET	manor	NOUN	 manor
Overall, over 400 wind reports in the US alone, were reported on both October 17 and 18 across the Midwest, Gulf Coast and Great Lakes with several reports of damage but there were no direct non tornadic fatalities. In Chicago, an eleven year old boy	boy	NOUN	was	AUX	 was
Moving northwestward, Alice strengthened rapidly as it neared the Mexican coastline, becoming a hurricane early the next day. By midday on June 25, the hurricane reached peak winds of 110 miles per hour (177 km / h) before moving inland well south of the	the	DET	U.S.	PROPN	 U.S.
Sega decided to cancel the game three weeks later without inspecting the demo. The cancellation was officially confirmed in June of that year. At around the same time, Atari again approached Obsidian, this time to revive Baldur's Gate III. Obsidian requested a large budget	budget	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
After being diagnosed with schizophrenia, she was increasingly confined to specialist clinics, and the couple were living apart when Scott died suddenly in 1940. Zelda died later in a fire at her hospital in Asheville, North Carolina. Recent writers and scholars have portrayed Zelda as	as	ADP	a	DET	 a
The mud was so thick and viscous it was nicknamed " gumbo ". To show travelers the obvious benefits of paved roads, the Lincoln Highway Association began the process of creating seedling miles of paved roads. The idea, according to Henry B. Joy, then president	president	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
It has been restored by the owners of the adjoining house, Plas Llanidan, and is occasionally open to the public. The remaining parts of the church are a Grade II * listed building, a national designation given to " particularly important buildings of more than special	special	ADJ	interest	NOUN	 interest
None was ever reinstated, with Landis telling a group of Weaver supporters that his presence at the meetings with the gamblers was sufficient to bar him. Even today, long after the deaths of all three men, efforts are periodically made to reinstate Jackson (which would	would	AUX	make	VERB	 make
From 1 April 2003, the West Coast routes, which had been on contract with Norwegian Air Shuttle, were taken over by SAS Commuter. On 24 April 2002, SAS announced that all handling services operated by Braathens would be taken over by SAS Ground Services.	.	PUNCT	All	DET	 All
At the same time, they announced an eight team tournament to crown a new trios champion. The top half of the bracket took place on December 22, 2009 and the bottom half of the bracket took place on December 29. In the top bracket the team	team	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
In the middle is a jumble of roulette and craps tables and 21 layouts. " The casino, of substantial size, was accessed by three sets of terrazzo stairs, and was lit by low hanging chandeliers. The bar featured bas reliefs with a Western theme,	,	PUNCT	including	VERB	 including
No specific treatment is often needed. Initial measures consists of increasing fiber intake, drinking fluids to maintain hydration, NSAIDs to help with pain, and rest. Medicated creams applied to the area are poorly supported by evidence. A number of minor procedures may be performed	performed	VERB	if	SCONJ	 if
He moved there in January 1942, joining Eugene Wigner's group, which was studying nuclear reactor design. He co wrote a paper with Robert F. Christy on " Chain Reaction of Pure Fissionable Materials in Solution ", which was important in the plutonium purification process.	.	PUNCT	It	PRON	 It
On 31 August, CTF 69 was renamed Operational Development Force, United States Fleet. Wyoming continued in this unit through the end of the war, and began to be used to test new fire control equipment. In the summer of 1946, then Ensign Jimmy Carter	Carter	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
The following month he became secretly engaged to Louise Brewer. After a month of classroom instruction in aviation, Shepard was posted to a destroyer, USS Cogswell, it being the US Navy's policy that aviation candidates should first have some service at sea. At the	the	DET	time	NOUN	 time
The application process took three hours, meaning that the actress had to arrive on set earlier than other cast members. Initially there was no character biography created for Miss Rosa and it was Rosenblat who implemented a Hispanic background and accent. The character is respected amongst fellow	fellow	ADJ	inmates	NOUN	 inmates
Super Metroid's co developer Intelligent Systems considered continuing the series on the Game Boy Color, but the idea was dropped due to the handheld's technical limitations. In 2002, two new Metroid games were released by Nintendo, marking the return of the series after an	an	DET	eight	NUM	 eight
Between 1315 and 1322 the central tower was heightened and topped by a spire, which caused the piers that supported it to show signs of stress. In 1338 the mason William Joy employed an unorthodox solution by inserting low arches topped by inverted arches of similar dimensions,	,	PUNCT	forming	VERB	 forming
Lake Malawi is sometimes called the Calendar Lake as it is about 365 miles (587 km) long and 52 miles (84 km) wide. The Shire River flows from the south end of the lake and joins the Zambezi River 250 miles (400 km)	)	PUNCT	farther	ADV	 farther
He has been called the new young adult star that can " both woo the girls with his intensity and impress the boys with his rugged agility. " According to Mickey Rapkin of GQ, the use of Lautner's physique in films has been compared to Megan Fox	Fox	PROPN	in	ADP	 in
This puts Seattle Grace conveniently close to the Space Needle, which is directly across the street from Fisher Plaza, the Seattle Monorail, and other local landmarks. However, the hospital used for most other exterior and many interior shots is not in Seattle, are shot	shot	VERB	at	ADP	 at
A radio drama adaptation of the film was written by Brian Daley with additional material contributed by John Whitman and was produced for and broadcast on National Public Radio in 1996. It was based on characters and situations created by George Lucas and on the screenplay by Lawrence Kasdan	Kasdan	PROPN	and	CCONJ	 and
On several occasions in the 1970s Margate had discussed a merger with neighbours Ramsgate to form a new team representing the whole Isle of Thanet, which was seen as the solution to the financial problems being experienced by both clubs. The negotiations floundered, however, and Ramsgate	Ramsgate	PROPN	ultimately	ADV	 ultimately
During the War of 1812, White enlisted in the United States Army as a soldier and was promoted to the military rank of ensign. In 1815, White was qualified as Clerk of Court for both the county and circuit courts of Hampshire County, Virginia (now	now	ADV	West	PROPN	 West
Located in downtown Portland, City Hall sits on an entire city block along Fourth and Fifth avenues at Madison and Jefferson Streets. To the south is the Wells Fargo Center, and to the north is the Portland Building. Terry Schrunk Plaza (named for a former	former	ADJ	mayor	NOUN	 mayor
In eukaryotes, the absence of the phosphorolytic activity is compensated by the presence of the hydrolytic enzymes, which are responsible for the ribonuclease activity of the exosome in such organisms. As stated above, the hydrolytic proteins Rrp6 and Rrp44 are associated with the exosome in yeast	yeast	NOUN	and	CCONJ	 and
The game was originally intended to include an online multi player offering, but that was later canceled. Since the game was in early development stages at the time, no further details were released. On September 17, 2009, Konami released the full list of Xbox	Xbox	PROPN	Live	ADJ	 Live
Until recently the ground rollers, cuckoo roller, and rollers were all placed in a single family, Coraciidae, in which each of the three groups formed a subfamily. In 1971, Joel Cracraft proposed a separate family for the ground rollers based on significant differences in	in	ADP	behavior	NOUN	 behavior
A partnership between the IWM, the Museums, Libraries and Archives Council, and Scottish, Northern Irish and Welsh museum authorities, phase one included a touring exhibition seen by more than two million people, overseas educational visits and further activities run by local authorities. A	A	DET	second	ADJ	 second
Three books based on Bizenghast have been released. On 13 February 2007, Tokyopop also released a 72 page limited edition art book, Bizenghast: Falling into Fear (ISBN 978 1 59816 748 1), which included stickers and pinup pages. Running Press published a	a	DET	coloring	VERB	 coloring
Slave trade was also beneficial to the trade voyages, because the constant sailing allowed investors to buy small shares of many ships at the same time. Hopkin states that many scholars, him among them, argue that slave trade was essential to the wealth of many nations	nations	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
It was recorded by Chris " Tex " O'Ryan and Brian Garten The Boom Boom Room in Burbank and Honeywest Studios in New York City. They were assisted by Luis Navarro and Keith Gretlein. It was mixed by Jaycen Joshua Fowler (for Penua Project / Innersound Management	Management	PROPN	)	PUNCT	)
Even more similar is the very rare Lactarius semisanguifluus. Its milk also discolours within 5 to 8 minutes to maroon. The cap of older fruit bodies is nearly completely greenish. It is also common under pines. The most similar and also the most closely related fungus	fungus	NOUN	is	AUX	 is
According to Nielsen ratings, it was viewed in 9.93 million homes in its original airing. The episode featured guest performances by Ellen Albertini Dow, Dave Boat, Phil LaMarr, Kevin Michael Richardson and Anne Michelle Seiler, along with several recurring guest voice actors for the	the	DET	series	NOUN	 series
Only minor injuries were reported, including the hospitalization of several people reporting chest pains related to the stress of the experience. Fallen chimneys and other structural damage to buildings was also reported in Louisa, the county seat. The Gilboa Christian Church, in Cuckoo, was	was	AUX	heavily	ADV	 heavily
The Verizon Wireless model of the G2 offers support for Qi wireless charging. Unlike the models released in other countries, South Korean models of the G2 have a removable back cover, a MicroSD card slot for expanded storage, and a removable 2610 mAh battery. The	The	DET	G2	ADJ	 G2
Chris Charles from BBC News commented that " Mi Chico Latino " could be mistaken with " Spice Up Your Life ", Halliwell's previous hit with the Spice Girls. For Russell Baillie from The New Zealand Herald, Halliwell spends time on the album " flashing her	her	PRON	eyelashes	NOUN	 eyelashes
Ultima Underworld II is set in the fantasy world of the Ultima franchise. It takes place across multiple parallel dimensions, the first being Britannia, the traditional setting of Ultima games. The protagonist is the Avatar, the main character of the series. Chronologically, the	the	DET	events	NOUN	 events
" Recording Recorded at Crave Studios, New York City; The Hit Factory, New York City. Mixed at Gateway Mastering, Portland, ME. Personnel Lyrics – Mariah Carey Music – Mariah Carey, Walter Afanasieff Production – Mariah Carey, Walter Afanasieff Arranging – Mariah	Mariah	PROPN	Carey	PROPN	 Carey
Soon the song was on the airwaves across the US — even on mainstream AM radio — and peaked at number 21 on the charts. The success of the single convinced Warner to contract Richardson to produce Love It to Death — one of the first times an American	American	ADJ	producer	NOUN	 producer
" A South Park review in the Pittsburgh Post Gazette said about the series that " [i] n the midst of all this potty mouthed humor, there are moments that are downright touching ", and particularly highlighted the ending of " Ike's Wee Wee "	"	PUNCT	as	ADP	 as
I. salicis is rare in Nordic countries, and is typically collected from dunes. Of the other two listed by Vauras and Kokkonen, the spores of I. dunensis are distinctly larger and of a different shape to those of I. saliceticola, and the cystidia are shorter.	.	PUNCT	While	SCONJ	 While
In February 1864, Pickett commanded the Confederate forces at the Battle of New Bern, and ordered the execution of 22 Confederate deserters found to be fighting amongst the U.S. troops. On April 1, 1865, he was defeated while in overall command of Confederate troops at	at	ADP	the	DET	 the
Fagan's second season in charge was less successful, as Liverpool failed to win trophy for the first time in nine years. The defence of their League championship was all but over in October 1984 when Liverpool were in the relegation places. The club's form picked	picked	VERB	up	ADP	 up
Another proposed spacecraft, the Gemini Lunar Surface Survival Shelter, was designed to be sent to the Moon ahead of an Apollo mission. It would have landed close to the planned Apollo landing site, and if the Apollo Lunar Module's ascent stage failed to ignite,	,	PUNCT	the	DET	 the
" Feige also said that while Loki has a part, " there will be a different villain, another big villain ". In May 2012, Mads Mikkelsen began talks to play one of the villains in the film and Anthony Hopkins, who played Odin in the	the	DET	first	ADJ	 first
The Greens were also absent during the speech, choosing instead to visit Auschwitz. A year later, the Green politician Petra Kelly called the speech " correct, but not more than self evident ", pointing to speeches president Gustav Heinemann had made during his presidency.	.	PUNCT	The	DET	 The
Since its publication in 1869 it has never been out of print. Wallace had financial difficulties throughout much of his life. His Amazon and Far Eastern trips were supported by the sale of specimens he collected and, after he lost most of the considerable money he made	made	VERB	from	ADP	 from
The clock can be analog or digital though a digital clock is highly preferred under both USCF and FIDE rulesets. This is since most tournaments now include either a time delay (a countdown to when a clock starts again) or add (extra time being added prior	prior	ADV	or	CCONJ	 or
The storm's threat also prompted the cancellation or delay of flights along the coast. While passing northwest of Spain, the remnants of Gordon produced strong wind gusts, reaching 114 mph (183 km / h) at Punta Candieira in Galicia on the country's northwest	northwest	ADJ	coast	NOUN	 coast
This affair does not seem to have hurt Zaoutzes's own standing with Basil or his career, for by the end of Basil's reign he was protospatharios and megas hetaireiarches (senior commander of the hetaireia). Leo spent three years in prison, until released and	and	CCONJ	restored	VERB	 restored
Since loss of consciousness is thought to occur in less than 10% of concussions, the CDC estimate is likely lower than the real number. Sports in which concussion is particularly common include football and boxing (a boxer aims to " knock out ", i.e. give	give	VERB	a	DET	 a
The six issue monthly miniseries, written once again by Tomasi with art by Alisson Borges, was released starting in August 2015. Aggregating review website Metacritic calculated an average score of 87 out of 100 based on 89 reviews for the PlayStation 4 version, 85 out of	of	ADP	100	NUM	 100
" He expressed his hope that the book shines light on the " shades of grey " between the man and his female persona, portraying a " warts and all " picture. The book was criticized by Divine's mother, Frances Milstead, who accused Jay of	of	ADP	writing	VERB	 writing
Cho Min ho took the award for Young Guy of the Year. Anyang city won the award for Best Hockey Town for the second time for their spirit and sell out crowds. Anyang Halla defeated High1 by a score of 5 – 2 to win the semi finals	finals	NOUN	three	NUM	 three
Grant later turns up dead on the beach and Charlie and Ruby are in the frame for his murder, until Ross later admits he did it. Ruby starts to have feelings for Geoff Campbell (Lincoln Lewis), Xavier is jealous and they drift apart. She	She	PRON	tries	VERB	 tries
The 82 acre (33 ha) preserve protects " the largest remaining remnant of the vast maple forest that became Downers Grove ", and has been categorized a globally endangered ecosystem. Its black maple and upland sugar maple communities are host to many threatened and endangered plant	plant	NOUN	species	NOUN	 species
The sole sighting of the Negros fruit dove involved a pair of birds seen eating at a fruiting tree. No other information is known about its behavior. The species has not been recorded since the original pair of Negros fruit doves were shot in May 1953 at Mt	Mt	PROPN	Kanlaon	PROPN	 Kanlaon
On the museum of television Troy walks by posters of spin offs, such as The Ropers (spun off from Three's Company), Laverne & Shirley (spun off from Happy Days), Rhoda, a show that Julie Kavner, the voice of Marge,	,	PUNCT	once	ADV	 once
Protests in Birmingham began with a boycott led by Shuttlesworth meant to pressure business leaders to open employment to people of all races, and end segregation in public facilities, restaurants, schools, and stores. When local business and governmental leaders resisted the boycott, SCLC agreed	agreed	VERB	to	PART	 to
The bridge and the resulting traffic continued to be a hotly debated issue in the early 1980s. A plan in 1981 to convert Fourth Street into an expressway leading to the naval station was strongly opposed by the public due to the required demolition of structures and a lack	lack	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
It heads through the picturesque downtown area, where many shops and even the street on which US 67 uses, Cody Road, pay homage to the Le Claire area's most famous son, Buffalo Bill Cody. Between Le Claire and Princeton, US 67 continues to	to	PART	closely	ADV	 closely
The troops began to have some success around 15: 00 with the arrival of an AVRE tank of 82nd Assault Squadron. The tank fired two petards into the sanatorium, where most of the defenders were located. The German soldiers fled into fortified houses in Le Hamel	Hamel	PROPN	and	CCONJ	 and
Growing interest, space, and attention in the architecture sector are directed to environmental issues according to the principles of green building. Mineral, vegetable, or animal materials such as perlite, vermiculite, rock wool, glass wool, cork, plant fibers (cotton,	,	PUNCT	flax	PROPN	 flax
When the initial request was refused, Ugartechea sent 100 dragoons to retrieve the cannon. The soldiers neared Gonzales on September 29, but the colonists used a variety of excuses to keep them from the town, while secretly sending messengers to request assistance from nearby communities.	.	PUNCT	Within	ADP	 Within
This distraction allows Cash to work his way through the garden and mansion, killing members of the Cerberus along the way. He finally reaches the upper levels of the mansion, where he and Piggsy stalk one another. Cash triumphs after luring Piggsy onto a grate that	that	PRON	collapses	VERB	 collapses
" The next year, Nicklaus won his third green jacket in a grueling 18 hole playoff against Tommy Jacobs and Gay Brewer. This made Nicklaus the first player to win consecutive Masters. He won again in 1972 by three strokes. In 1975, Nicklaus won by	by	ADP	one	NUM	 one
Commander of the Afrika Korps Field Marshal Erwin Rommel promised the co operation of his corps in these assignments. In an agreement signed in July 1942 between the two groups, Rommel promised logistical support for Einsatzgruppe Egypt, which was to serve under command of the Wehrmacht.	.	PUNCT	The	DET	 The
There's no one else in the universe quite like him, he's been created by these guys to be a mean ass fighting machine. " Gunn also based the character on himself. Describing Rocket in relation to the rest of the Guardians, Cooper said,	,	PUNCT	"	PUNCT	 "
The editorial succession at Science Fantasy was as follows: Walter Gillings: Summer 1950 – Winter 1950. John Carnell: Winter 1951 – 1952 – April 1964. Kyril Bonfiglioli: June – July 1964 – September 1966. Harry Harrison and Keith Roberts: October 1966 –	–	PUNCT	February	PROPN	 February
These women would sit at long narrow tables, filing the planchets down to the proper weight, wearing special aprons with pouches attached to the sleeves and the waist to catch the excess dust. Five women served as counters and packers before the coins were shipped to Washington	Washington	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
Japan has not seen another such genius. " Keene writes that The Tale of Genji continues to captivate, because, in the story, her characters and their concerns are universal. In the 1920s, when Waley's translation was published, reviewers compared Genji to Austen	Austen	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
The government declared Stann Creek and Toledo districts as disaster areas, and officials declared a nighttime curfew. By the day after the storm struck, the airport in Belize City had been reopened, and transportation in all but the southern portion of the country returned to normal	normal	ADJ	.	PUNCT	.
During this engagement Kongō and Haruna bombarded Henderson Field with 430 14 inch and 33 6 inch shells on 13 October 1942. Following armament and armour upgrades in late 1943 and early 1944, Kongō sailed as part of Admiral Jisaburō Ozawa's Mobile Fleet during the Battle of	of	ADP	the	DET	 the
The Tylenol Crisis was a criminal act of product tampering; Legionnaire's Disease was a public health emergency. Twenty nine members of the American Legion died in 1976 at a convention in Philadelphia. The National Institute of Health spent $34,841 per death of Legionnaire's Disease	Disease	PROPN	.	PUNCT	.
Blažeković held the post of commander of the USS and commander of the Ustaše Youth until January 1945, when he was named Commissioner at the State Directorate for Physical Education and Sports (Croatian: Državno vodstvo za tjelesni odgoj i šport, DVTOŠ) in the NDH.	.	PUNCT	Upon	SCONJ	 Upon
While he presided in the Senate, emotions sometimes ran high, including during a debate on the Mexican border crisis in 1916. During that debate Marshall threatened to expel certain senators from the chamber for their raucous behavior, but did not carry through on the threat.	.	PUNCT	On	ADP	 On
Winslet won an AACTA Award for Best Actress, for her performance in the film. Winslet's only release of 2016 was John Hillcoat's crime thriller Triple 9, in which she appears as a Russian Israeli mafia moll, described by Hillcoat as " a really glamorous	glamorous	ADJ	,	PUNCT	,
U.S. President Caldwell assigns Fisher, his colleague Charlie Cole, CIA agent Isaac Briggs and Anna Grímsdóttir to Fourth Echelon, a new special ops and counter terrorism unit. Charged with stopping the Engineers, the group uses the cargo plane Paladin as its command center. Fourth	Fourth	ADJ	Echelon	PROPN	 Echelon
He was excited about it and he was like, ' We should re release the album. I agreed because were trying to figure out what to do with the song because we loved it so much, and we didn't want to wait until the next album	album	NOUN	to	PART	 to
On the northwestern and southern flanks, lava emission from one emission area down steep slopes form the San Antonio synthem (unconformity bounded unit), with lava flows up to 30 metres (98 ft) thick. These San Antonio stage lavas have been cut by a	a	DET	1.25	NUM	 1.25
Around the same time, the Nevadan orogeny built the Nevadan mountain range (also called the Ancestral Sierra Nevada) to a height of 15,000 feet (4,600 m). This was directly part of the creation of the Sierra Nevada Batholith, and the resulting rocks were	were	AUX	mostly	ADV	 mostly
Another possibility would have been Oklahoma making it to the National Championship game and Texas being selected for an at large Bowl Championship Series bid. " The game against Baylor was played in Floyd Casey Stadium in Waco, Texas, approximately 100 miles (161 km) north	north	NOUN	on	ADP	 on
Tunnelling began in 1988, and the 50.5 kilometre (31.4 mi) tunnel was officially opened by the British sovereign Queen Elizabeth II and the French President François Mitterrand at a ceremony in Calais on 6 May 1994. It is owned by Eurotunnel, which charges a significant	significant	ADJ	toll	NOUN	 toll
At its peak intensity as it was making landfall, it had maximum sustained winds of 80 mph (130 km / h) and a barometric pressure estimated at 983 mbar (hPa; 29.03 inHg). With this intensity, Barbara made landfall on the coast of	of	ADP	Tonalá	PROPN	 Tonalá
They led overall with 53 victories to Oxford's 43 (excluding the " dead heat " of 1877). Oxford's coaches were A. J. M. Durand (who had rowed for the Dark Blues in the 1920 race), Hugh " Jumbo " Edwards (who	who	PRON	rowed	VERB	 rowed
Expansion work by the railway companies, such as the London and Blackwall Railway and Great Eastern Railway, caused large areas of slum housing to be demolished. The " Working Classes Dwellings Act " in 1890 placed a new responsibility to house the displaced residents and this led	led	VERB	to	ADP	 to
High quality timber including sal, garjan, teak and gamar are found abundantly in the forests of Tripura. Tata Trusts signed a pact with Government of Tripura in July, 2015 to improve fisheries and dairy in the state. The industrial sector of the state continues to	to	PART	be	AUX	 be
Cited by Valerie Briginshaw as a symbol of American pride and " the ultimate sign of American phallic power ", it was inaugurated on 31 May 1931. Designed in the Art Deco style, it has a roof height of 1,250 feet (381 meters), and	and	CCONJ	with	SCONJ	 with
It is likely that cost cutting was also a consideration, as Lasser was paid $65 per week, a substantial salary in those days. Soon after Lasser was let go, Gernsback received a fanzine, The Fantasy Fan, from a reader, Charles Hornig.	.	PUNCT	Gernsback	PROPN	 Gernsback
If the tribes rejected the settlement, Gunter proposed that Congress extinguish all aboriginal title to privately held lands (more than 95% of the claim area), and allow the tribes to litigate their claims only to 5,000 acres (20 km2) owned by the state	state	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
He made his last bet, 4: 1 on High Chancellor, at the Sheepshead Bay racetrack during the summer of 1904 and won $2,000. In October 1904, Smith traveled to the Winyah Sanitarium in Asheville, North Carolina for treatment of his worsening cough,	,	PUNCT	a	DET	 a
Peck resided in an art colony in Leonia, New Jersey with her collaborator and husband, artist John Scott Williams. In the 1940s, Peck contributed to Catholic comic books distributed to parochial schools. She focused on watercolor painting in the 1950s and her work was exhibited	exhibited	VERB	in	ADP	 in
Upon her arrival Minotaur became flagship of the Cape of Good Hope Station under the command of Vice Admiral Herbert King Hall and escorted a South African troop convoy to Luderitz Bay in German South West Africa. The ship was near Table Bay, South Africa when the East	East	PROPN	Asia	PROPN	 Asia
Liddell recalled being inundated with requests from friends, family, and Liverpudlians in general. Some 100,000 spectators witnessed Arsenal defeat Liverpool 2 – 0 on 29 April. Constant marking by Alex Forbes contained Liddell for much of the 90 minutes, and a tackle executed early in	in	ADP	the	DET	 the
The Swiss considered the Dassault Rafale, Dassault Mirage 2000, the IAI Lavi, the Northrop F 20 Tigershark, and the BAE Systems / Saab JAS 39 Gripen fighters before choosing the McDonnell Douglas F / A 18 Hornet and General Dynamics F 16 Fighting Falcon for a	a	DET	fly	NOUN	 fly
Empathy is distinguished from sympathy and active listening, pointing out how the word empathy is often confused in the literature by using it interchangeably with these other two terms. They also examine stage theories of the development of empathy as well as constructive developmental theories related to empathy	empathy	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
The structure of the outer magnetosphere shows some features of a solar wind driven magnetosphere, including a significant dawn – dusk asymmetry. In particular, magnetic field lines in the dusk sector are bent in the opposite direction to those in the dawn sector. In addition,	,	PUNCT	the	DET	 the
He undertook it with a freshness that belied his years and revealed, as nothing else could, the vitality of his inspiration. Few men in America have ever had such understanding of the spiritual quality of the American scene, and fewer still the voice to go with	with	ADP	it	PRON	 it
They completed their end of year tour unbeaten, with record away wins over France, England and Wales. New Zealand were named 2006 IRB Team of the Year and were nominated for the Laureus World Sports Award for the second time, while flanker Richie McCaw was named	named	VERB	IRB	PROPN	 IRB
She wrote a series of pamphlets in 1887 called Over the River, in which she appealed for funds for the parish of St. Stephens in Southwark, south London. She also wrote a number of short stories in the years 1890 and 1891, although these also never	never	ADV	appeared	VERB	 appeared
The consensus is: " Tim Burton's Alice sacrifices the book's minimal narrative coherence — and much of its heart — but it's an undeniable visual treat ". Metacritic rated it 53 / 100 based on 38 reviews. Todd McCarthy of Variety praised it for	for	ADP	its	PRON	 its
He joined Queens Park Rangers in January 2009 and was released at the end of the 2008 – 09 season. Miller joined Hibernian at the start of the 2009 – 10 Scottish Premier League season on a free transfer. He moved to Australian A League club Perth Glory	Glory	PROPN	in	ADP	 in
Hasselbaink was on the verge of joining Championship side Leicester City in August 2007, but the club later withdrew their offer. Instead Cardiff City chairman Peter Ridsdale, who worked with Hasselbaink at Leeds United, brought him to Cardiff on a one year deal, putting him	him	PRON	in	ADP	 in
Karthik made only seven as India were skittled for 169. He ended the tournament with 163 runs at 32.60. He then scored two half centuries on an India A tour to Zimbabwe, making 96 and 52 against Zimbabwe Select XI. Karthik was selected for his first	first	ADJ	Indian	ADJ	 Indian
" 33 " first aired in the United Kingdom on October 18, 2004 (2004 10 18), and in the United States on January 14, 2005 (2005 01 14), almost three months later. UK viewers obliged US Battlestar Galactica fans by illegally	illegally	ADV	copying	VERB	 copying
" In regards to the story, Salon columnist Andrew O'Hehir avouched that the " crisp " and succinct narrative matched up to the " beautifully composed " visuals of the film. Todd McCarthy of The Hollywood Reporter proclaimed that Soderbergh and Burns effectively created anxiety in the "	"	PUNCT	shrewd	ADJ	 shrewd
Saavedra spoke to the crowd, and then moved on to the Fort, among salvos of artillery and the ringing of bells. Meanwhile, Cisneros dispatched a post rider to Córdoba, Argentina, to warn Santiago de Liniers about what had happened in Buenos Aires and to	to	PART	request	VERB	 request
In other speeches and essays, Lenin referred to Kropotkin in the early years of the war as a " bourgeoisie ", demoting him in the following months to " petit bourgeoisie ". Throughout 1915 and 1916, Kropotkin, who lived in Brighton, England, was	was	AUX	often	ADV	 often
Sherman spoke in positive terms of the horse's finish, stating " My horse ran his eyeballs out. He was right there, right down to the money. I thought it was a great effort. He came back strong. " Espinoza was less enthusiastic:	:	PUNCT	"	PUNCT	 "
He was replaced by George Meade, who followed Lee into Pennsylvania for the Gettysburg Campaign, which was a victory for the Union, though Lee's army avoided capture. At the same time, after initial setbacks, Grant laid siege to Vicksburg and the Union navy	navy	NOUN	attained	VERB	 attained
Sensing that Lexie is still in love with Mark, Jackson calls off their relationship. Lexie begins working with Derek's service and becomes increasingly proficient in neurosurgery, helping Derek with a set of " hopeless cases " - high risk surgeries for patients who had otherwise run	run	VERB	out	ADP	 out
A state of civil disorder existed in the island's mountainous region after the invasion of the United States. The local Criollo, who now found themselves unemployed and felt that they had been exploited by their former employers, formed bands called ' Partidas ". The Partidas	Partidas	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
M 121 was also used as the designation along two other roadways. In 1933, it was used for a former routing of US 2 in the Upper Peninsula. In 1935, this route was redesignated as a portion of a new M 5 and the M 121	121	NUM	designation	NOUN	 designation
At TLC on December 14, Ziggler defeated Harper in a ladder match to capture his fourth Intercontinental Championship. On the December 16 episode of SmackDown, Ziggler finally defeated Seth Rollins in a singles match after failing numerous times previously. Three days later, Rolling Stone named	named	VERB	Ziggler	PROPN	 Ziggler
Finch called David " a sexist pig " and said he resented Ruth's presence almost immediately. However, Ruth had noticed his ruggedness and she was attracted to the way he helped the sickly animals. After David noticed his brother flirting with Ruth, he realised that	that	SCONJ	he	PRON	 he
Many homes and businesses were lost, along with numerous vehicles; in the aftermath, looters entered on boats to access the devastated cities. The floodgates at the Rocky Gorge Dam in Laural were opened, forcing 500 residents downstream to leave their homes. The consequences of	of	ADP	the	DET	 the
For the background sounds, the group did things like roll screws on the floor while Schulz played piano. The first track on the album, " Power ", was featured on the " Wax Trax! Summer Swindle ", a cassette sampler included with 45,000 issues	issues	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
Fortunatus criticised Augustine's theodicy by proposing that if God gave free will to the human soul, then he must be implicated in human sin (a problem that Augustine had himself considered four years earlier, in Free Will). Quoting the New Testament, Fortunatus proposed	proposed	VERB	that	SCONJ	 that
He discussed the idea with Bohr, who was visiting Columbia at the time, and had independently conceived the same idea, and had, about a month after Rainwater's submission, submitted for publication a paper that discussed the same problem, but along more general lines	lines	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
For one section of the run it reached a speed of 112.5 mph (181 km / h), just short of the then US land speed record of 115 mph (185 km / h). The historic dash inspired a 1934 film and the train's	's	PART	nickname	NOUN	 nickname
Purnell helped coordinate its activities with those of the Navy. In 1945, he travelled to Tinian as the representative of the Military Policy Committee, and coordinated preparations for the atomic bombing of Hiroshima and Nagasaki with senior Army and Navy commanders in the Pacific. He retired	retired	VERB	from	ADP	 from
By the early 1960s, the Giants were receiving $175,000 a game under the NFL's television contract with CBS — four times as much as small market Green Bay, which was one of the most successful teams of the era. However, in the league's	's	PART	new	ADJ	 new
Worthington recalled Cameron told him " the Terminator to make is the one with the war ". Worthington tore his intercostal muscles during the first weeks of filming, but nevertheless insisted on performing his own stunts. McG once expressed interest in casting Christian Bale, Daniel Day	Day	PROPN	Lewis	PROPN	 Lewis
Regina says that she is not in the business of making deals with him anymore, and Gold acknowledges that she had made a deal with him in the past to procure Henry. He asks Regina how she chose the name Henry; she does not answer. She	She	PRON	questions	VERB	 questions
In the field of organometallic chemistry, the X ray structure of ferrocene initiated scientific studies of sandwich compounds, while that of Zeise's salt stimulated research into " back bonding " and metal pi complexes. Finally, X ray crystallography had a pioneering role in the development	development	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
During November 1889, the tour was forced to cancel several shows after Riley became severely inebriated at a stop in Madison, Wisconsin. Walker began monitoring Riley and denying him access to liquor, but Riley found ways to evade Walker. At a stop at the Masonic	Masonic	PROPN	Temple	PROPN	 Temple
Tufts University, whose main campus is north of the city in Somerville and Medford, locates its medical and dental school in Boston's Chinatown at Tufts Medical Center, a 451 bed academic medical institution that is home to both a full service hospital for adults and the	the	DET	Floating	VERB	 Floating
A grace period can be granted between when the pledge is made and when someone goes to the Eternal World. Once the process has started, nothing can prevent someone from going to the Eternal World, and returning to the real world is difficult. Someone about to	to	PART	leave	VERB	 leave
Queensland responded soon after with an unconverted try, and then, after some fast play, scored a second try, this one converted to put the visitors ahead 4 – 8. Verge then kicked a penalty goal to bring the difference to one point. The second	second	ADJ	half	NOUN	 half
Several of the alternate version tracks appeared in the game during specific scenes, or were cut towards the end of development. Hamauzu feels that the album represents how large of an undertaking the Final Fantasy XIII project was, in that even the outtakes were enough to fill	fill	VERB	an	DET	 an
Strikes among mill workers began to break out during the early 1850s and Grimshaw one of the leaders, along with George Cowell, of the strike in Preston in 1853. The strikers were fruitless in their demands for a ten per cent wage increase, and Grimshaw found	found	VERB	himself	PRON	 himself
Part of a condominium boom occurring in the city, the Murano was announced in 2005 and was developed jointly by Thomas Properties Group and P & A Associates. The building, named after Murano, Italy, was completed in 2008 at a cost of US $165	165	NUM	million	NUM	 million
The winds knocked trees and tree branches into power lines, leaving 224,000 residents without power. The storm dropped moderate to heavy amounts of precipitation, peaking at 10.2 inches (259 mm) at a location 6 miles (9.6 km) south of Folsom. The rainfall	rainfall	NOUN	led	VERB	 led
When the transport started, announcements of information including arriving stations were made in British English and in Cantonese. Since 2004, in order to accommodate Mainland Chinese visitors under the Individual Visit Scheme, Standard Mandarin Chinese has been added to the repertory. Unlike many other metro	metro	NOUN	systems	NOUN	 systems
The fires burned discontinuously, leaping from one patch to another, leaving intervening areas untouched. Large firestorms swept through some regions, burning everything in their paths. Tens of millions of trees and countless plants were killed by the wildfires, and some regions were left looking	looking	VERB	blackened	VERB	 blackened
To accomplish this task, Jetman must take the bomb to the alien base — either in his space suit or using the rover — and then fly over the base and drop the bomb. After several bases have been destroyed in succession, new and increasingly hazardous varieties	varieties	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
Or, equivalently, it may be constructed as the intersection of three disks centered at the vertices of T, with radius equal to the side length of T. The most basic property of the Reuleaux triangle is that it has constant width, meaning that for every pair	pair	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
In May 1993 the City of London Police confirmed a planned security cordon for the City, conceived by its commissioner Owen Kelly, and on 3 July 1993 the ' ring of steel ' was introduced. Most routes into the City were closed or made exit only,	,	PUNCT	and	CCONJ	 and
" Mallory said the books carry " evil themes, witchcraft, demonic activity, murder, evil blood sacrifice, spells and teaching children all of this. " Mallory, who is a Christian missionary, said that she believed the books encouraged children to practice religious witchcraft	witchcraft	NOUN	or	CCONJ	 or
Holland's men attacked and robbed various supporters of Lancaster at Windley including Hugh de Audley and Lancaster's wife Alice de Lacy to the value of £1000. He also ordered the men raised in Cheshire to march towards Burton and prevent the escape of Lancaster's troops	troops	NOUN	to	ADP	 to
The album sold quite well in Europe, but it had limited success in the US, lurking at the bottom of the Billboard 200 chart. Following the tour to promote Force Majeure, the final Warlock line up disbanded and Doro concentrated on her solo career. She	She	PRON	decided	VERB	 decided
In 1322 Lancaster was defeated at the Battle of Boroughbridge, and executed. Pembroke was among the Earls behind the conviction. Also in 1322, Pembroke founded a leper hospital in Gravesend. After Boroughbridge Pembroke found himself in a difficult situation. The opponents of Hugh Despenser	Despenser	PROPN	and	CCONJ	 and
The casting process for the lead roles was exhaustive and intense; Craig faced scheduling conflicts, and a number of actresses were sought for the role of Lisbeth Salander. The script took over six months to write, which included three months of analyzing the novel. Pre	Pre	ADJ	release	NOUN	 release
Civilizations conduct business using currency like the one dollar coin known as a " loonie ", while several people collect MysTech — shards of rock with markings, believed to be dormant weapons or art pieces created by an extinct alien race. MysTech were first found three hundred	hundred	NUM	years	NOUN	 years
The safety measures fail and a runaway reaction follows. The faulty tanks cause the gas to start leaking, and an attempt to contain the leak fails. The gas escapes to the surroundings and is carried east by the wind. Motwani rushes to alert the people in	in	ADP	the	DET	 the
With the deadline approaching, the producers traveled to Johnson's home to record his lines. According to the San Jose Mercury News, the recording equipment brought to his home did not work at first and " almost doomed the guest spot. " Lakers sportscaster Chick Hearn	Hearn	PROPN	also	ADV	 also
Due to technical problems, little of the concert footage was usable, although an edited " Hear My Train A Comin ' " is included in the movie (although none of the performances from the film appear on the so called Rainbow Bridge soundtrack album). The	The	DET	complete	ADJ	 complete
By bribing deputies to exercise their vetoes, Poland's neighbours could derail any measures not to their liking. The Commonwealth deteriorated from a European power into a state of anarchy. Only a few Sejms were able to meet during the reign of the House of Saxony in	in	ADP	Poland	PROPN	 Poland
Initially, the organization focused on evangelizing to strippers and erotic dancers, but later began to engage with women in other areas of the sex industry, such as softcore pornographic models and call girls. The organization also diversified to support people with pornography addiction. Members of	of	ADP	the	DET	 the
The twenty fifth named storm and fourteenth typhoon of the 1981 Pacific typhoon season, Irma originated from an active monsoon trough to the east of the Philippines. The cyclone slowly developed as it moved westward. Following an increase in organization, the system was first classified on	on	ADP	November	PROPN	 November
Primarily arranged by the French and British governments, important members of the committee also included the Soviet Union, Fascist Italy and Nazi Germany. Ultimately, the committee had the support of 24 nations. A plan to control materials coming into the country was put forward in	in	ADP	early	ADJ	 early
Twentieth Century Zoo, from Phoenix, evolved out of the Bittersweets and specialized in the style of psychedelic proto punk display in " You Don't Remember ", in addition to their more " far out " excursions. The Grodes, from Tucson, Arizona, recorded	recorded	VERB	the	DET	 the
Ivaylo is remembered as a heroic ruler and a tragic figure who represented the ideal of the " Good Tsar ". The rebellion of Ivaylo is among the most popular and recognizable Bulgarian historical events with numerous pieces of art dedicated to it. The 1959 opera " Ivaylo	Ivaylo	PROPN	"	PUNCT	 "
Home never directly asked for money, although he lived very well on gifts, donations and lodging from wealthy admirers. He felt that he was on a " mission to demonstrate immortality ", and wished to interact with his clients as one gentleman to another, rather	rather	ADV	than	ADP	 than
Mary's erotic relationships with both Ann and Henry challenge traditional conceptions of the marriage plot. Most of Mary's positive attributes, such as her rationality, her ability to reject convention, and her sexuality would have been read in the 18th century as masculine traits.	.	PUNCT	Eliza	PROPN	 Eliza
An offence is committed under section 44, if this is done with intent to do the same; under section 45 if it is done " believing that the offence will be committed and that the act will encourage or assist its commission "; or under section 46	46	NUM	where	SCONJ	 where
With the transfer of equipment, the 76th was notionally raised to the " Higher Establishment " and assigned to reinforce the 21st Army Group. As a deception unit, the division was assigned to the bogus Operation Trolleycar. Trolleycar was initially envisioned as a fictitious amphibious assault	assault	NOUN	upon	SCONJ	 upon
A concept called " mashing to mastery " was introduced in Ryse, in which the game's combat was designed to be accessible for newcomers and be challenging for hardcore players. In order to achieve the " mashing to mastery " mechanic, the team introduced the execution	execution	NOUN	mechanic	NOUN	 mechanic
Many of these dealt with subjects that Egyptological journals would not publish, such as the " Sa " sign for the uterus, and thus were published in Man, the journal of the Royal Anthropological Institute. It was at Seligman's recommendation that she was invited to	to	PART	become	VERB	 become
Rolling Stone was of the opinion that Jackson was now singing in a " fully adult voice " that was " tinged by sadness ". " P.Y.T. (Pretty Young Thing) ", credited to James Ingram and Quincy Jones and " The Lady in My Life "	"	PUNCT	by	ADP	 by
Warehouses, homes, and mills were steadily added until 1861, when a fire destroyed several of the buildings. Efforts at rebuilding the small town entirely ceased when the Great Flood of 1862 struck, wiping out the remaining buildings. Another such ill fated settlement was Canemah	Canemah	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
As part of that process, all new university buildings and facilities are required to achieve a minimum of Leadership in Energy and Environmental Design (LEED) Silver certification. While planning the stadium's construction, the university consulted HKS, Inc. to design it to meet a	a	DET	number	NOUN	 number
Boumédienne must also have offered Carlos asylum at this time and possibly financial compensation for failing to complete his assignment. Carlos expressed his regret at not being able to murder Yamani and Amuzegar, then he and his comrades left the plane. All the hostages and terrorists walked	walked	VERB	away	ADV	 away
Columban Murphy, a Catholic lay brother from the United Kingdom, visited King Kamehameha III in 1835 and discussed the possibility of Bachelot's return. Finding King Kamehameha III amenable to the idea, Murphy traveled to California to relay the news. He was unable, however	however	ADV	,	PUNCT	,
By 1970, the system was supplemented by the Grorud- and Furuset Lines. They only operated to the eastern suburbs. In 1987, the system was expanded to connect to the western network, that remained a suburban tramway with overhead wires, two car platforms and an	an	DET	inferior	ADJ	 inferior
Emmerson joined Northern League Division One club Billingham Town on a one month loan. A second defeat of the season came after Gareth Taylor scored for Wrexham in a 1 – 0 away defeat. Pacquette scored the equalising goal for York in a 1 – 1 away draw	draw	NOUN	with	ADP	 with
In many instances ropes were tied to the bodies of the Chinamen and they were dragged through the streets by men on horseback. In another instance a Chinaman was pulled to pieces in the street by horses hitched to his arms and legs. " The mob finally reached	reached	VERB	the	DET	 the
The Peak District National Park Authority directly owns around 5%, and other major landowners include several water companies. The Peak District is formed almost exclusively from sedimentary rocks dating from the Carboniferous period. They comprise the Carboniferous Limestone, the overlying Gritstone and finally the Coal	Coal	PROPN	Measures	PROPN	 Measures
In the wake of the Hokies's defeat, Virginia Tech chose to start a new quarterback and a new offensive plan. Behind freshman Tyrod Taylor, the Hokies rolled to five straight victories, including a win over No. 22 Clemson by 18 points. During the	the	DET	winning	VERB	 winning
The ears have thick fur on both the inside and outside. The back fur colour varies from light grey to chocolate brown. The belly fur is whitish; on the rump it is dappled whitish, and darker at the back. The koala has the most effective	effective	ADJ	insulating	VERB	 insulating
However, in the parallel poem The Greene Knight, the lace is white, not green, and is considered the origin of the collar worn by the knights of the Bath, not the Order of the Garter. The motto on the poem was probably written by	by	ADP	a	DET	 a
In recent years, he co starred in the comedy horror film Fright Night (2011) and the sci fi action film Total Recall (2012), both remakes, and McDonagh's second feature, the black comedy crime film Seven Psychopaths (2012). Farrell	Farrell	PROPN	also	ADV	 also
If the player chooses to fulfill the promise, aside from several dream sequences, gameplay at first appears to continue normally until the in game date is 2 September. The player's perspective then switches from the protagonist to the protagonist's best friend, and the events	events	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
The motets that use canon can be roughly divided into two groups: those in which the canon is plainly designed to be heard and appreciated as such, and another group in which a canon is present, but almost impossible to hear, and seemingly written to be	be	AUX	appreciated	VERB	 appreciated
He considered the game's most serious flaw to be its low number of missions. Although Atkin found the air to air combat " generally fun ", citing " good pilot AI " and " decent " flight physics, he believed that the game's bombing runs	runs	NOUN	were	AUX	 were
Increased levels of catecholamines and cortisol can cause a hypermetabolic state that can last for years. This is associated with increased cardiac output, metabolism, a fast heart rate, and poor immune function. Burns can be classified by depth, mechanism of injury, extent,	,	PUNCT	and	CCONJ	 and
After a three month siege of the fortress of Dorostolon, Sviatoslav agreed to terms with the Byzantines and withdrew from Bulgaria. Tzimiskes formally annexed Eastern Bulgaria to the Byzantine Empire. However, most of the country in the central and western Balkans remained in effect outside imperial	imperial	ADJ	control	NOUN	 control
His early major works for the voice included The Masque at Kenilworth (1864); an oratorio, The Prodigal Son (1869); and a dramatic cantata, On Shore and Sea (1871). He composed a ballet, L ' Île Enchantée (1864	1864	NUM	)	PUNCT	)
Masahiro, Ushiroshoji, interviewer (1999), Fast moving Asian contemporary art: Tang Da Wu and his works (PDF), Asian Month, retrieved 20 October 2008. Yeo, Alicia Kay Ling (7 August 2008), Information on Singapore artist Tang Da	Da	PROPN	Wu	PROPN	 Wu
He settled in McComb, Mississippi and attended McComb High School, where he played football, baseball, and basketball and ran track. His father Kalil, who ran a local general store, was initially against his son playing sports. " It was an old Lebanese	Lebanese	ADJ	custom	NOUN	 custom
Hergé however was unhappy with this publication due to errors throughout, most egregiously that the front cover omitted his name. The inclusion of a television in the original version would have surprised many readers. The BBC had only introduced television to Britain in the late 1930s (	(	PUNCT	suspended	VERB	suspended
In 1987, two other American zoologists, Robert Hershler from the National Museum of Natural History and Fred Gilbert Thompson from the Florida State Museum (now the Florida Museum of Natural History) assigned members of the genus Fontelicella, including F. neomexicana, to the genus Pyrgulopsis	Pyrgulopsis	PROPN	.	PUNCT	.
On 13 October, he commanded part of Count Clerfayt's Corps of Observation, totaling close to 8,000 men. On 10 October, a portion of the Corps of Observation had surprised the French at Hochst; Jourdan was withdrawing his force from the blockade of Mainz.	.	PUNCT	Nauendorf	PROPN	 Nauendorf
The image has a bejeweled crown, cover around its shoulder, a diamond on its forehead and wears a pearl studded garment. The Buddha is seated in a lotus position on a three tiered lotus throne, with his left hand on his lap and his right hand	hand	NOUN	touching	VERB	 touching
The numerous tattoos on Lucas's torso were actually transfers planted on Armitage, and took a couple of hours to apply. However, he was often told not to move much, as they could rub off quite easily. Armitage was also one of only two actors	actors	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
Johnston returned as Australia crushed Essex by an innings and 451 runs, their largest winning margin for the summer. After setting a world record for the most number of first class runs in one day ’ s play (721), of which Johnston contributed nine,	,	PUNCT	Bradman	PROPN	 Bradman
The quartet was broadcast by the BBC on 20 March 1929, but for her, the achievement was overshadowed by the news that month of the premature death of her early mentor Jane Joseph. In the winter of 1929 Imogen made her first visit to Canada and the	the	DET	United	PROPN	 United
Chapter III of Part III of the ISA creates a number of criminal offences relating to security areas. It is an offence to carry, or have in one's possession or under one's control in a security area without lawful excuse, any firearm, ammunition or	or	CCONJ	explosive	NOUN	 explosive
It's fine for the artist to read and enjoy, but for accountants it was probably a very different proposition. But that's David Lynch all over in a lot of ways ". The Guardian's Danny Leigh has compared the script's reputation among film fans	fans	NOUN	to	ADP	 to
The shots of male bondage are unexplained, and function as symbols of male disempowerment, just as the rest of the clip serves to assert the power and fighting abilities of the women. At the end the group captures a confused icecream man who appears in his pick	pick	VERB	up	ADP	 up
Richard missed over 20 games of the 1951 – 52 season due to injury, but overcame another ailment in the playoffs. In the seventh and deciding game of the semi final against Boston, Richard was checked by Leo Labine and briefly knocked unconscious after he fell and	and	CCONJ	struck	VERB	 struck
Upon rising to power, Rajoelina dissolved the Senate and National Assembly and transferred their powers to a variety of new governance structures he made responsible for overseeing the transition toward a new constitutional authority. These administrative structures repeatedly conflicted with the internationally mediated process to establish a transitional	transitional	ADJ	government	NOUN	 government
The bones have been intensively studied by forensic pathologists; DNA evidence showed that many of the deaths were caused by typhus. Most of the remains were re interred in Antakalnis Cemetery. Other findings included buttons stamped with Napoleon ’ s image, crucifixes, wedding rings,	,	PUNCT	belt	NOUN	 belt
Beyond this point to the west, much of the city takes on a suburban nature. Many neighborhoods have been developed, some around a number of former small towns. Miles of waterfront along the James River, and tributaries such as Deep Creek and Lucas Creek,	,	PUNCT	are	AUX	 are
His Fourth Symphony was premiered in Helsinki on 3 April 1911 by the Philharmonia Society, with Sibelius conducting. It was written while Sibelius was undergoing a series of operations to remove a tumour from his throat. Its grimness can perhaps be explained as a reaction from his	his	PRON	(	PUNCT	 (
In his document Edward provided, in case of " lack of issue of my body ", for the succession of male heirs only, that is, Jane Grey's mother's male heirs, Jane's or her sisters '. As his death approached and possibly	possibly	ADV	persuaded	VERB	 persuaded
Lee gave strict orders for his army to minimize any negative impacts on the civilian population. Food, horses, and other supplies were generally not seized outright, although quartermasters reimbursing Northern farmers and merchants with Confederate money were not well received. Various towns, most notably	notably	ADV	York	PROPN	 York
Bush therefore nominated New Hampshire Supreme Court judge David Souter instead. The selection of Thomas to instead replace Marshall preserved the existing racial composition of the court. The words " Latino " and " Hispanic " are sometimes given distinct meanings, with " Latino " referring to	to	ADP	persons	NOUN	 persons
He also took " Get Happy " from the set and performed the tune " Summer Stock " -style during part of his Release the Stars tour to mimic the look of Garland during her performance (pictured on right). Overall, reception of the album was positive	positive	ADJ	.	PUNCT	.
From the 4th century through to the 6th century the use of talud tablero architecture became notable in the Mundo Perdido. In the 5th century the talud tablero form was applied to Structures 5C 51 and 5C 52 at the western limit of the complex, and 6C 24	24	NUM	on	ADP	 on
He was one of the founders and for nearly twenty years an editorial contributor of the New York Independent, a Congregationalist newspaper, and from 1861 till 1863 was its editor. His contributions to this were signed with an asterisk, and many of them were afterward collected	collected	VERB	and	CCONJ	 and
The new engine and boilers were slightly lighter than their predecessors and the ship now displaced 10,105 long tons (10,267 t). Immediately after her sea trials the ship departed Scotland for a Mediterranean cruise. Petr Veliky made port visits at Algiers, Athens, Corfu,	,	PUNCT	Naples	PROPN	 Naples
After her January 1914 commissioning, she assisted her sister ship Aylwin when that ship suffered an explosion in one of her fire rooms in April. After a period in reserve, Benham served on Neutrality Patrol duty. As a part of that duty in October 1916,	,	PUNCT	she	PRON	 she
Such flows will overlap one another and typically move less than a few meters per hour. Lava flows with high to intermediate levels of silica rarely extend more than 8 km (5 mi) from their source; for example, Garibaldi's 20 km (12 mi	mi	NOUN	)	PUNCT	)
Bach scored the cantata for four vocal soloists (soprano, alto, tenor, bass), a four part choir and a Baroque instrumental ensemble of natural horn, enforcing the soprano in the hymn tune, two oboes d'amore, strings and basso continuo. Bach wrote	wrote	VERB	the	DET	 the
None of the annual issues of Jane's All the World's Aircraft ever mentioned the Coandă 1910 or its turbo propulseur powerplant. As well, the Soviet engineer Nikolai Rynin made no mention of Coandă at all in his exhaustive nine volume encyclopaedia on jet and rocket engines	engines	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
Bede, in his Historia ecclesiastica gentis Anglorum, says of Penda that he was " a most warlike man of the royal race of the Mercians " and that, following Edwin of Northumbria's defeat in 633 (see below), he ruled the Mercians for 22	22	NUM	years	NOUN	 years
Plants convert carbon dioxide into biomass and emit oxygen into the atmosphere. By approximately 350 million years ago (the end of the Devonian period), photosynthesis had brought the concentration of atmospheric oxygen above 17%, which allowed combustion to occur. Fire releases CO2 and	and	CCONJ	converts	NOUN	 converts
The International Union for Conservation of Nature (IUCN) has assessed the bowmouth guitarfish as Vulnerable. It is threatened by fishing and by habitat destruction and degradation, particularly from blast fishing, coral bleaching, and siltation. Its numbers are known to have declined substantially in	in	ADP	Indonesian	ADJ	 Indonesian
The Cure paid tribute to Paul McCartney on the album titled The Art of McCartney, which was released on 18 November 2014. The Cure covered the Beatles ' song " Hello, Goodbye " which featured guest vocals and keyboards from Paul's son, James McCartney.	.	PUNCT	A	DET	 A
After talks on October 9 and 10, the two sides were unable to reach a deal and Stern subsequently canceled the first two weeks of regular season games, which were originally scheduled to begin on November 1. BRI remained the main issue, but other differences included	included	VERB	luxury	NOUN	 luxury
In order to qualify, the Blue Jays won tournaments in the Olympic years to represent the United States. The 1948 games featured an exhibition by an " All England " team organized by the English Lacrosse Union and the collegiate lacrosse team from Rensselaer Polytechnic Institute representing the	the	DET	United	PROPN	 United
She is actually recording the song in a booth as a track, but the song also reveals Deena's growing disgust at being considered merely Curtis ' property. Used in the film as a last minute recording by Deena before leaving Curtis " to find her own voice	voice	NOUN	as	ADP	 as
As he had done with the prior two Adventures, Wallez organised a publicity stunt to mark the culmination of Tintin in America, in which an actor portraying Tintin arrived in Brussels. It proved the most popular yet. In 1932, the series was collected and published	published	VERB	in	ADP	 in
North of the interchange with the Jeffries Freeway, the combined I 96 / I 275 curves to the east into Livonia, running parallel to Haggerty Road and continuing through suburban areas. The freeway has interchanges with 6 Mile and 7 Mile roads in the northwest corner of	of	ADP	Livonia	PROPN	 Livonia
The lyrics are heavily influenced by the short story Nyarlathotep by American horror fiction writer H.P. Lovecraft, even borrowing a lot of specific phrases from this story. The song contains an improvised continuum solo, performed by Rudess while the drum tracks were being recorded; the band	band	NOUN	members	NOUN	 members
That year, an estimated $2 million had gone to the refugees via UNICEF before the IRS audit of Apple got under way; finally, in 1981, $8.8 million was added to that total following the audit. By June 1985, according to an article	article	NOUN	in	ADP	 in
In 1947 Avon Books launched the Avon Fantasy Reader, a series of fantasy anthologies in digest format, edited by Donald A. Wollheim. Two years later, Joseph Meyers, Avon's president, decided to launch a science fiction magazine, and Wollheim purchased six stories for	for	ADP	it	PRON	 it
After a suggestion made by the wife of the film's producer, Dassin cast Carl Möhner as Jo the Swede. Dassin would use Möhner again in his next film He Who Must Die. Dassin himself played the role of the Italian safecracker César the Milanese. Dassin	Dassin	PROPN	explained	VERB	 explained
Located near the Principality's capital of Andravida and the chief port of Glarentza, Chlemoutsi played a central role in the Principality's history, but was never actually besieged. After coming under Byzantine rule in 1427, it was captured in 1460 by the Ottoman Empire,	,	PUNCT	along	ADP	 along
The opening credits of the episode saw the series ' usual tagline of " The truth is out there " replaced with " E pur si muove ". The phrase, Italian for " and yet, it moves ", is attributed to astronomer Galileo Galilei, when	when	SCONJ	forced	VERB	 forced
The third generation iPad is compatible with iOS 7, which was released in 2013. Although complete support, some newer features such as AirDrop that were released to newer models were not supported. This is the similar support that was also given on the iPhone 4S. iOS	iOS	NOUN	8	NUM	 8
Adelaide's population was set to increase to 1.3 million and the MATS plan and water storage schemes were in planning to accommodate this. These were summarily rejected by the Dunstan Government, which planned to build a new city 83 kilometres from Adelaide, near Murray Bridge.	.	PUNCT	The	DET	 The
In the same month, Pećanac sought permission from the Italians for his forces to move into eastern Montenegro, but was refused over Italian concerns that the Chetniks would move into the Sandžak. In April 1942, the German Commanding General in Serbia, General der Artillerie (	(	PUNCT	General	PROPN	General
He also advocated the player's option to freely choose their own party member classes at the beginning of the game as he feels " the fun in an RPG begins when you create a character ". The scenario was written by freelance writer Kenji Terada, based on	on	ADP	a	DET	 a
The nineteenth century British naturalist Alfred Russel Wallace described its flesh as " a rich custard highly flavoured with almonds ". The flesh can be consumed at various stages of ripeness, and it is used to flavour a wide variety of savoury and sweet edibles in Southeast Asian	Asian	ADJ	cuisines	NOUN	 cuisines
The main highway of the Gaza Strip, Salah al Din Road (the modern Via Maris) runs through the middle of Gaza City, connecting it with Deir al Balah, Khan Yunis, and Rafah in the south and Jabalia and Beit Hanoun in the north.	.	PUNCT	The	DET	 The
McKechnie never publicly revealed what Willard Hershberger said to him during their meeting the day before: " It had nothing to do with anybody on the team ", he told reporters. " He told it to me in confidence, and I will not utter it to	to	ADP	anyone	PRON	 anyone
" Historian Harold Schonberg argues that " the exoticisms of the Bohemian musical language were not in the Western musical consciousness until Smetana appeared. " Smetana's musical language is, on the whole, one of happiness, expressing joy, dancing and festivals. The mood of	of	ADP	the	DET	 the
I mean, like a real person, with real feelings, such as self pity and a desperate urge for self preservation. Brown conveyed the seedy gloom of it all beautifully, as well. " Conversely, Tim Teeman posed the question in The Times: "	"	PUNCT	I	PRON	 I
When Montgomery was 13, he played drums in his parents ' band, Harold Montgomery and the Country River Express. In 1990, Montgomery founded the band Early Tymz, which included his younger brother, John Michael Montgomery, and Troy Gentry. After Early Tymz broke	broke	VERB	up	ADP	 up
After the collapse of Han, a period of disunion known as the period of the Three Kingdoms followed. The brief unification of the Jin dynasty was broken by the uprising of the Five Barbarians. In 581 CE, China was reunited under the Sui. However,	,	PUNCT	the	DET	 the
The Big Four ultimately chose to withdraw from the AAHA, and operated as an independent league in 1920 – 21. The Tigers ' inaugural game was played at home on December 29, 1920 as 2,500 fans saw them defeat the Edmonton Dominions 6 – 1 on the	the	DET	strength	NOUN	 strength
Filming took place in Los Angeles in January 2006. The action is set in the present day, across the world; various scenes take place in Africa, China, Chicago, and New York City. Each scene is a few seconds long, depicting a young	young	ADJ	basketball	NOUN	 basketball
Jason Birchmeier commented that " while only a couple of the new versions depart stylistically from the originals, the contemporary productions breathe new life into these songs, which should be well known by longtime fans "; and reaching double Platinum in Argentina and the United States,	,	PUNCT	and	CCONJ	 and
In 1982 Boycott and Graham Stevenson added a record 149 runs for Yorkshire's tenth wicket against Warwickshire, Stevenson scoring 115 of these runs. On 3 October 1983 the friction between Boycott and the committee culminated in a unanimous decision not to offer Boycott a contract for the	the	DET	next	ADJ	 next
The Hutchinsons had been friendly to them but, following their mistreatment by the Dutch, these natives ravaged the New Netherland colony in a series of incidents known as Kieft's War. The fate of the Hutchinson family was aptly summarised by LaPlante: The Siwanoy warriors stampeded	stampeded	VERB	into	ADP	 into
The Western Chalukya era was one of substantial literary activity in the native Kannada, and Sanskrit. In a golden age of Kannada literature, Jain scholars wrote about the life of Tirthankaras and Virashaiva poets expressed their closeness to God through pithy poems called Vachanas. Nearly three	three	NUM	hundred	NUM	 hundred
On December 1, 2015, the PMDT announced it would cease further development of Project M, effective immediately, in favor of beginning development on an original project. The development team denied allegations that legal threats from Nintendo were the cause of the project's termination.	.	PUNCT	According	VERB	 According
This also relocated the Boston and White Plains Post roads to a new alignment along Third Avenue and Boston Road. The White Plains Post Road separated from the Boston Post Road in Bronxdale, with the road to Boston heading east and the road to White Plains heading north	north	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
At this critical juncture, the Meccan cavalry led by Khalid ibn al Walid exploited this move and attacked the remaining minority of Muslim archers who refused to disobey Muhammad's orders and were still positioned on the hill. From there, the Meccans were then able to target	target	VERB	and	CCONJ	 and
Other popular sports are field hockey, badminton, tennis, squash and golf. Ahmedabad currently has three golf courses. Mithakhali Multi Sports Complex is being developed by the AMC to promote various indoor sports. Recently Ahmedabad hosted national level games for roller skating and table tennis	tennis	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
The Cassin class, the first of the thousand tonners, displaced about a third more than the preceding Paulding class. The introduction of the thousand tonners led to the Pauldings and other older, smaller displacement destroyers of previous classes to be dismissively called " flivvers ",	,	PUNCT	a	DET	 a
Helms responded by slapping Lawler, who hit Helms back. This confrontation led to Lawler defeating Helms in a match at New Year's Revolution. At the 2006 Royal Rumble, Helms participated in an Open Invitational match for the Cruiserweight Championship and won, even though he	he	PRON	was	AUX	 was
Against Sussex, each of Middlesex's top four batsmen scored centuries; in addition to Lee's 119 runs, Pelham Warner scored 139, Nigel Haig 131, and Hearne remained 116 not out when the side declared. This was the first time the feat had been	been	AUX	achieved	VERB	 achieved
Due to winter temperatures, the water soon froze. Despite the conditions, the paper was produced on time the next day. In 1964, the largest earthquake ever recorded in the United States struck Anchorage and southern Alaska, cutting communications to the outside world. The	The	DET	quake	NOUN	 quake
Tilden was ambiguous about his willingness to participate in another campaign, leading some delegates to defect to other candidates, while others stayed loyal to their old standard bearer. Tilden did tell some of his close supporters that, if he did not run, Payne would be	be	AUX	his	PRON	 his
Richard's supporters reacted angrily to Campbell: he received several death threats and, upon taking his customary seat at the next Canadiens game, unruly fans pelted him with vegetables, eggs and other debris. One fan threw a tear gas bomb at Campbell, which resulted	resulted	VERB	in	ADP	 in
Around the same time, Pinto began going to auditions for films and television shows. She was chosen to host Full Circle, an international travel show that aired on Zee International Asia Pacific between 2006 and 2008. The show took her to countries all over the world	world	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
" The interior of the Prometheus was built across a two level structure, fronted by a large, faceted, wrap around windscreen. Theron's quarters were designed to represent her high status in the crew, and were furnished with modern and futuristic items, including Swarovski	Swarovski	PROPN	chandeliers	NOUN	 chandeliers
According to Ratnam, the film was " memorable for its script, high standard and realism. " The magazine South Scope included Kamal's performance on its list of " Kamal's best performances " in July 2010. S. Shiva Kumar of The Hindu included the film	film	NOUN	on	ADP	 on
The Jesuits were stopped by the hostile Payaguá and Guaycuru tribes, and by the impenetrable swamps of Jarayes. In 1715, de Arce, the co founder of the first mission in San Xavier, set out from Asunción on the Paraguay River with the Flemish priest Fr	Fr	PROPN	.	PUNCT	.
At around 07: 00, Exeter returned to the engagement, firing from her stern turret. Admiral Graf Spee fired on her again, scored more hits, and forced Exeter to withdraw again, this time with a list to port. At 07: 25,	,	PUNCT	Admiral	PROPN	 Admiral
The plan spanned 3 years, and cost no less than one percent of the province or municipality's budget. In 2012, vice governor Wei Hong announced that the restoration and reconstruction are completed: Wei said that 99.5 percent of the budget, or 865.8 billion yuan	yuan	NOUN	(	PUNCT	 (
The primary method of transmission reflects the prevalence of chronic HBV infection in a given area. In low prevalence areas such as the continental United States and Western Europe, injection drug abuse and unprotected sex are the primary methods, although other factors may also be important.	.	PUNCT	In	ADP	 In
Elsa has become very popular in the cosplaying community. One of the best cosplayers currently, Anna Faith, is well known for cosplaying as Elsa at charities, comic cons, and other events. The character of Elsa was widely praised by reviewers for her multifaceted,	,	PUNCT	evolving	VERB	 evolving
He won the Pulitzer Prize in Poetry for his 1947 long poem The Age of Anxiety, the title of which became a popular phrase describing the modern era. In 1956 – 61 he was Professor of Poetry at Oxford; his lectures were popular with students and faculty	faculty	NOUN	and	CCONJ	 and
After a trial that lasted for three days, the jury deliberated for 8 hours before returning a not guilty verdict, acquitting Hendrix of both charges. The incident proved stressful for Hendrix, and it weighed heavily on his mind during the seven months that he awaited trial	trial	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
The theater, which is largely underground due to Grant Park related height restrictions, was named for its primary benefactors, Joan and Irving Harris. It serves as the park's indoor performing venue, a complement to Jay Pritzker Pavilion, which hosts the park's outdoor	outdoor	ADJ	performances	NOUN	 performances
Any (lunatic) person found wandering at large or not under proper care and control could be brought before two justices who could order the person's removal to an asylum. The police were usually responsible for bringing the person before the two justices. Any prisoner of	of	ADP	the	DET	 the
Their first EP was released in December 2010 on Planet Mu Records. In an interview with Blare Magazine Omar Rodriguez Lopez, when asked about possible future collaborations with John, stated: " Maybe in the future, but John ’ s in a different place right now	now	ADV	.	PUNCT	.
Following her friends in Kensington society, Olivia opened her home once a week for a salon, beginning an important period in her life. When Yeats returned to London that year, Olivia became the centre of a blossoming literary movement. Yeats held a Monday evening salon	salon	NOUN	;	PUNCT	;
The entire grade of the city was raised some 17 feet (5 m) behind the wall to several feet near the Bay (1904 – 1910). Despite attempts to draw new investment to the city after the hurricane, Galveston has never fully returned to its	its	PRON	previous	ADJ	 previous
Like many morel species, the ecological mode of Morchella populiphila is not known with certainty, but it is suspected of being both saprobic (obtaining its nourishment from nonliving or decaying organic matter) and mycorrhizal (symbiotic with trees) at different stages in its life cycle	cycle	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
Although local religious practices were not interrupted, the fact that Latin Christians were in power tended to favor Latin Christianity (Roman Catholicism). Bishops of the Eastern Orthodox rite were obliged to recognize the claims of the Latin Church in Sicily, while Muslim communities were no	no	ADV	longer	ADV	 longer
1665, which depicts a primeval scene with broken birches and oaks, and branches reaching for the sky amidst an overgrown pond. During Ruisdael's last period he began to depict mountain scenes, such as Mountainous and Wooded Landscape with a River, dateable to the late	late	ADJ	1670s	NOUN	 1670s
However, he felt that the similarity between several songs — including " Mirage ", " Ace of Hz " and " Ritual ", all written in the key of D minor — left the album feeling " almost barren ". Michael Hann, writing for The	The	DET	Guardian	PROPN	 Guardian
The police restrain him and Homer is admitted to the hospital. At the hospital, Marge tells Bart she is disappointed in him for aggravating Homer's rage with his prank, because of the $10 million in damages his father has caused with his rage, and	and	CCONJ	she	PRON	 she
It was written by Steve Robson, Claude Kelly and Wayne Hector and was produced by Robson. " Just a Fool " was sent to contemporary hit and hot adult contemporary radio stations in the United States by RCA Records as the second and final single from the album	album	NOUN	on	ADP	 on
While he fought for the adoption of many Rugby School customs — such as a free kick for marking, the use of an oval shaped ball, and (unsuccessfully) a crossbar — he improvised on the field and devised innovative tactics and strategies, pushing the game	game	NOUN	in	ADP	 in
In five years, global sales of highway legal light duty plug in electric vehicles have increased more than ten fold, totaling more than 565,00 units in 2015. Plug in sales in 2015 increased about 80% from 2014, driven mainly by China and Europe. Both	Both	DET	markets	NOUN	 markets
ERT received 229,368 televotes and SMS texts of which 152,269 votes came in for the song " My Number One ", which made the song the clear winner. " OK " received around 73,500 votes and " Let's Get Wild " got around 20,500. The nine	nine	NUM	jury	NOUN	 jury
Students from the SAIC protested on Columbus Drive the next day, holding signs that asked drivers to " honk for free speech ". Student leaders began to consult attorneys to file a lawsuit against the Chicago Police Department and the aldermen. Other groups of students planned a	a	DET	"	PUNCT	 "
During the following lap, while both drivers were lapping Zonta, Häkkinen moved to the outside lane to pass Schumacher for the lead. He kept the lead for the rest of the race, crossing the finish line on lap 44 for his fourth victory of the season	season	NOUN	in	ADP	 in
I Am America is considered a pure extension of the Report; the written medium allowed the writers to employ different styles, such as long format arguments, that they could not have used on television. " You can actually spend 20 pages talking about religion whereas in	in	ADP	the	DET	 the
After graduating from high school in 1998, she enrolled in both a professional wrestling school and Canisius College in Buffalo, New York. Her first choice for wrestling school was Stu Hart's Dungeon, but because of the location, she decided on a more local school	school	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
It was first published in hardcover on December 16, 2004 by Oxford University Press. Taylor reviews the history of the term brainwashing, from its usage in 1950 by journalist Edward Hunter to its application to cults, marketing, influence, thought reform, torture and reeducation	reeducation	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
The State Government approved the plans in November 1987 and the construction contract was awarded to Multiplex. Construction on the tower started in 1988, with South Perth firm Bruechle Gilchrist & Evans as the project engineers. The building was constructed in a modular method, whereby floor	floor	NOUN	slabs	NOUN	 slabs
Dram shop and social host litigation may involve both compensatory and punitive damages. There is a 2 year statute of limitations for such lawsuits, but the time limit may be extended if the victim is a juvenile. Social hosts are given more liability protection than licensed businesses	businesses	NOUN	in	ADP	 in
Kautilya (c. 370 – 283 BCE), in his Sanskrit work Arthashastra, mentions the “ easy to travel " trade route to the South and the products of the Pandya kingdom, including some special varieties of pearls. He refers to the city of Madurai and	and	CCONJ	the	DET	 the
When Homer finds out about this, he decides to get rich by group writing a fantasy novel. He recruits a team consisting of Bart, Principal Skinner, Patty Bouvier, Moe Szyslak, and Professor Frink, all of whom have personal attributes or experiences that will	will	AUX	help	VERB	 help
Pretorius stepped down as President in November 1871. In the 1872 election Kruger's preferred candidate, William Robinson, was decisively defeated by the Reverend Thomas François Burgers, a church minister from the Cape who was noted for his eloquent preaching but controversial for some because of	of	ADP	his	PRON	 his
Because what is very clear is that legislation in the name of " gender equality " does not actually make men and women the same. " In response to falling test scores in American public elementary, middle, and high schools, particularly among young boys, IWF	IWF	PROPN	created	VERB	 created
In 1998, he was made Chevalier (Knight) of the Légion d'honneur, France's highest decoration. Henry was a member of France's UEFA Euro 2000 squad, again scoring three goals in the tournament, including the equaliser against Portugal in the semi final,	,	PUNCT	and	CCONJ	 and
Users often do so by accessing their NetNavis via a " PET (PErsonal information Terminal) " device. The plot of Mega Man Battle Network follows one such pair, Lan Hikari and his NetNavi MegaMan. EXE. Lan is a fifth grader in the town of	of	ADP	ACDC	PROPN	 ACDC
The cruise lasted from mid August 1913 to mid March 1914. Hertha had a short career during World War I. At the outbreak of hostilities, she was briefly mobilized into the 5th Scouting Group, which was tasked with training cadets in the Baltic Sea. By the	the	DET	end	NOUN	 end
He said it also enabled them to work at their own pace, hence the four year gap between releases. They released a DVD, Drones & Vapid Ditties, containing live performances and music videos, in mid 2004. The band's upcoming album, according to	to	ADP	Triple	PROPN	 Triple
The aerosols built up caused a cooling effect in the Northern Hemisphere. The consequences for Iceland were catastrophic, with approximately 25 33% of the population dying in the famine of 1783 and 1784. Around 80% of sheep, 50% of cattle, and 50	50	NUM	%	NOUN	%
In 1143, Nigel became involved in a quarrel with the powerful Henry of Blois. Charges of depriving a priest of a church, giving church property to laymen, and encouraging sedition were brought against Nigel, and he was forced to go to Rome to defend himself	himself	PRON	,	PUNCT	,
" Archaeological testing at a number of sites in the Norte Chico region of the north central coast provides a broad range of empirical data on the production, processing, and consumption of maize. New data drawn from coprolites, pollen records, and stone tool residues,	,	PUNCT	combined	VERB	 combined
Tankersley later described herself as a friend of Senator Joseph McCarthy, and in 1952 she advocated for the removal of Guy Gabrielson as chair of the Republican National Committee. Tankersley's politics shifted dramatically during her life. Noting her earlier strong affiliation with the Republican party and	and	CCONJ	conservative	ADJ	 conservative
Undergraduate admission is determined by the University of the Philippines College Admission Test (UPCAT). Examinees that select UPLB as their preferred campus and garner a University Predicted Grade (UPG) within the standard cut off are automatically eligible for admission. Those who do not automatically	automatically	ADV	qualify	VERB	 qualify
In August 1970, Kennedy introduced a bipartisan bill for universal national health insurance with no cost sharing, paid for by payroll taxes and general federal revenue. Kennedy easily won re election to another term in the Senate in November 1970 with 62 percent of the vote against	against	ADP	underfunded	ADJ	 underfunded
The songs parodied during the third segment are: " I Want Candy " by The Strangeloves, performed by the Simpson family. " Peppermint Twist " by Joey Dee and the Starliters, performed by Bart, Lisa and Maggie. " Lollipop " by Ronald & Ruby	Ruby	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
The restricted nature of the CDC campus meant that producers were only allowed to shoot exterior scenes of the area, as well as within the parking garage and reception area for the CDC's museum onsite. Principal photography then proceeded into Atlanta's central business district and Decatur	Decatur	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
Thomas was an immensely powerful English baron, the second richest man in England after the King, with major land holdings across the kingdom. He had a turbulent relationship with his cousin, King Edward II, and had been a ringleader in the capture and killing of	of	ADP	Edward	PROPN	 Edward
The stipe attachment is adnate or arcuate, but later develops a pronounced decurrent tooth. The decurrent tooth occasionally separates from the stipe and forms a collar around it. The stipe is 2 – 5 cm (0.8 – 2.0 in) long, 1 – 2.5 mm	mm	NOUN	(	PUNCT	 (
Headquarters were established in Washington, D.C. and a campaign was launched to help inform players of their rights. The NFLPA challenged the so called " Rozelle Rule " as a violation of federal antitrust laws in a lawsuit filed by president John Mackey and allied union leaders in	in	ADP	1971	NUM	 1971
Kishi had proposed a new " visual combat system " to be employed in the film rather than the one used for Persona 4: The Animation since he felt that the darker themes of Persona 3 required such a change. At the same time, script writer Jun	Jun	PROPN	Kumagai	PROPN	 Kumagai
Their trips were made without the benefit of modern lightweight equipment, freeze dried foods, sunblock, or radios. On each expedition, they explored, surveyed, and photographed, ultimately reporting on their findings and creating maps. The couple shared and alternated responsibilities; one	one	NUM	year	NOUN	 year
Beyond this, there is a junction with IKEA and the Neasden temple to the southeast, and the road runs across empty land past the Welsh Harp Reservoir. Beyond the reservoir, there is a large interchange with the Edgware Road (A5) and junction 1 of	of	ADP	the	DET	 the
People who have one abnormal copy (are heterozygous) of the LDLR gene may develop cardiovascular disease prematurely at the age of 30 to 40. Having two abnormal copies (being homozygous) may cause severe cardiovascular disease in childhood. Heterozygous FH is a common genetic disorder	disorder	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
The execution of Antequera disheartened some of the leading citizens of Asunción, because not only was Antequera executed, but also one of his allies who had been considerably less involved, perhaps implying a forthcoming purge of any of Antequera's supporters. Settler Jesuit relations now collapsed	collapsed	VERB	again	ADV	 again
Green Creek rises near Waller and heads roughly south to Rohrsburg and on to Orangeville, where it joins Fishing Creek. It drains the central part of the Fishing Creek watershed. Little Fishing Creek starts just in Lycoming County near the Columbia County Line. It winds through	through	ADP	rural	ADJ	 rural
He said that he could " tailor the frequency responses and dynamics within each song with optimum equalizer at every pitch and level. " For the Afanasieff tracks, the background vocals and overdubs were accomplished on the Oxford console at his Wally World Studio B, at San	San	PROPN	Rafael	PROPN	 Rafael
The idea of exclusive care or exclusive attachment to a preferred figure, rather than a hierarchy (subsequently thought to be the case within developments of attachment theory) had not been borne out by research and this view placed too high an emotional burden on the mother.	.	PUNCT	Secondly	ADV	 Secondly
The 22nd Armoured Brigade (the armoured component of the 7th Armoured Division) was scheduled to land during the evening of 6 June, but it was unable to land until the next day. The bulk of the division landed from 9 – 10 June, with some	some	DET	elements	NOUN	 elements
" According to Atack, these occurrences are not mentioned in the diary that Hubbard kept of his trip. Many years later, Hubbard said that " I was a harum scarum kid; I wasn't thinking about deep philosophic problems. " As on his previous trip	trip	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
Bill O'Reilly, another former Australian player working as a journalist, said Hutton seemed to be struggling with concentration and was a shadow of his former self. Following his struggles at Lord's, Hutton was omitted from the team for the third Test. Observers had noticed	noticed	VERB	Hutton	PROPN	 Hutton
The procedure is somewhat similar to an epidural and is used when conventional methods have failed. The Racz procedure may employ the use of a wire bound catheter to mechanically break up or dissolve scar tissue, also called epidural adhesions or fibrosis, which have formed around the	the	DET	nerve	NOUN	 nerve
Episodes are finished in California, where they are edited and have music added. Every season, character designs are updated or modified to solve technical issues in the animation. During the first season, the series used cel animation. A shift was made the following year	year	NOUN	to	ADP	 to
Rebecca Anderson competed with a platform of " American Red Cross: Red for Life " and a vocal performance of " Astonishing " from the musical Little Women in the talent portion of the competition. She was named third runner up to winner Allison Cook. On April	April	PROPN	26	NUM	 26
Unicorn joined the escort carriers of Force V in August at Gibraltar before they moved forward to the Central Mediterranean for intensive training prior to the commencement of the amphibious landing on 9 September. The ship's Seafires flew 75 sorties on the first day of operations and 60	60	NUM	on	ADP	 on
Walt Disney himself first attempted to adapt the fairy tale " Rapunzel " into a feature length animated film during the 1940s. However, the filmmaker's efforts were never fully realized because the fairy tale was considered too " small ". In 2008, co directors Nathan	Nathan	PROPN	Greno	PROPN	 Greno
One of the shots in the April Air Force Base was filmed at a sound stage in Los Angeles. The scene at the restaurant was shot in a location on Sepulveda Boulevard, at a hotel that had been standing there for 30 to 40 years. During filming	filming	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
The single's cover showed the torso and thighs of an animated character resembling Tank Girl and featured the tracks " Ripper Sole " and " Girl U Want " from the album. In the United States it peaked at No. 27 on the Mainstream Rock chart and	and	CCONJ	No	NOUN	 No
Oliver was displeased by the news, but Chrissie had no expectations that he should provide for her. Her father, nursing consultant Mark Williams (Robert Powell), urged him to " stand up to the mark and be a proper man ". However, soon	soon	ADV	after	ADP	 after
On the city's north side the Youngstown Steel Heritage Foundation is constructing the Tod Engine Heritage Park, featuring a collection of steel industry equipment and artifacts. The main exhibit is a 1914 William Tod Co. rolling mill steam engine that was built in Youngstown and used at	at	ADP	the	DET	 the
Critics praised the film, and Photoplay's reviewer stated that Lombard had reaffirmed her talent for the genre. It is remembered as one of her best films, and the pairing of Lombard and MacMurray proved so successful, that they made three more pictures together. Lombard	Lombard	PROPN	's	PART	's
The nearest commercial airline service for the city is operated out of Houston through William P. Hobby Airport and George Bush Intercontinental Airport. The University of Texas Medical Branch has two heliports, one for Ewing Hall and one for its emergency room. The Galveston Railway, originally	originally	ADV	established	VERB	 established
Between the galaxy and the observer, light travels through vast regions of expanding space. As a result, all wavelengths of the light are stretched by the expansion of space. It is as simple as that... " Steven Weinberg clarified, " The increase of wavelength	wavelength	NOUN	from	ADP	 from
It was established in 2009 following the death of Neda Agha Soltan, an Iranian philosophy student, in the street protests that followed the disputed Iranian presidential election in 2009. The college received offers from two anonymous donors to establish a scholarship, followed by many individual donations	donations	NOUN	from	ADP	 from
In addition, the suspension of the Indian Hockey Federation in April 2008 also indicated the film's influence. India Today used the title to label the event in two articles, titled " Operation Chak De impact: Jothikumaran resigns " and " Operation Chak de impact:	:	PUNCT	Furore	NOUN	 Furore
Eastwood responded to critics of American Sniper by saying his film was " the biggest anti war statement any film can make " and that " the fact of what [war] does to the family and the people who have to go back into civilian life like Chris	Chris	PROPN	Kyle	PROPN	 Kyle
Magnesium was not commonly used by battery manufacturers of the time due to its very high price (unlike today) compared to zinc. However, a cell made with magnesium in place of zinc produces around twice the voltage. More importantly for Pulvermacher, the cell would	would	AUX	still	ADV	 still
Training camp rosters are allowed to swell to 68. The current team is led at quarterback by Ricky Ray, who had three statistically brilliant seasons between 2012 and 2014, earning eastern Most Outstanding Player nominations in the latter two years. Injuries have begun to take a	a	DET	toll	NOUN	 toll
In 1446 much of this work was damaged when the spire was struck by lightning, and fell, causing damage to the interior; however the angle of the falling masonry and the extent of the damage is unclear. Although the spire was to remain damaged for the	the	DET	next	ADJ	 next
Following the comic reboot, Cheese continued to accompany Cream while Chocola was revealed to live with her mother Vanilla and Gemerl (from Sonic Advance 3). The heroes would also discover a Chao Garden hidden in an undersea cavern whose inhabitants included an ancient Chao named Aquarius	Aquarius	PROPN	and	CCONJ	 and
While still at sea, the storm produced high waves along the Pacific coast in the Baja California Peninsula; Cabo San Lucas reported waves 3 ft (0.91 m) high. The outer rainband's of Hurricane Ramon brought scattered showers to the region. The remnants of	of	ADP	this	DET	 this
A long running series regular, Mavis appeared in the show for 26 years from 1971 to 1997. Introduced for a one off cameo appearance, she proved popular with producers and viewers and subsequently became a regular. Mavis was portrayed as moralising, repressed, and dithering	dithering	VERB	,	PUNCT	,
Around 70 people attended the meeting and Rolt proposed the formation of a committee to look into the acquisition of the railway. With the support of the meeting, the committee met for the first time on 23 October and immediately entered into negotiation with Haydn Jones ' executors	executors	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
In the 1980s Bulgaria was known as the " Silicon Valley of the Eastern Bloc " because of its large scale computing technology exports to COMECON states. The ICT sector generates 10 per cent of GDP and employs the third largest contingent of ICT specialists in the world.	.	PUNCT	A	DET	 A
As Caroline largely profited off the income from the colony, she became known as La reine du Congo (“ the Queen of Congo ”). She and Leopold married in a religious ceremony five days before his death, though their failure to perform a civil ceremony	ceremony	NOUN	rendered	VERB	 rendered
Treatment depends on the infectious agent and generally involves the use of antibiotic therapy. If there is no improvement within two to three days, the patient is typically advised to seek further medical attention. Hospitalization sometimes becomes necessary if there are other complications. Treating sexual partners	partners	NOUN	for	ADP	 for
The Assembly published a protest, provoking the Commons to charge it with breach of privilege and to submit nine questions to the divines on the matter. Votes were to be included with the answers, an attempt to force the divines associated with the protest petition to reveal	reveal	VERB	themselves	PRON	 themselves
Inadvertently straying into Kazon Ogla space, he is attacked by a young Kazon (Aron Eisenberg as Kar) on his first mission. Destroying the Kazon's vessel, Chakotay beams the young Kar aboard. Captured by a Kazon vessel soon thereafter, Chakotay learns from Kar	Kar	PROPN	that	SCONJ	 that
As with Mariah Carey the previous year, Carey did not embark on a tour to promote the album, due to the long travel times and strenuous schedules on her voice. However, while not touring the world, Carey promoted Emotions through an array of television and	and	CCONJ	award	NOUN	 award
Palmer ultimately left Barney's side for Greece and eventually married Angelos Sikelianos. Their relationship did not survive this turn of events, Barney took a dim view of Angelos and heated letters were exchanged. Later in their lives the friendship was repaired and both took a mature	mature	ADJ	view	NOUN	 view
The central government, frustrated with Cabo Rojo's inefficiency, demanded the pirates ' capture and western Puerto Rico military commander José Rivas was ordered to exert pressure on local authorities. Although Cofresí was tracked to the beach in Peñones, near his brothers ' homes in Guaniquilla	Guaniquilla	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
Under Wilhelm II, Germany, like other European powers, took an imperialistic course, leading to friction with neighbouring countries. Most alliances in which Germany had previously been involved were not renewed. This resulted in creation of a dual alliance with the multinational realm of Austria	Austria	PROPN	Hungary	PROPN	 Hungary
In September 1935, he moved to the Sheffield Repertory Theatre to appear in Mary, Mary, Quite Contrary, and also played Malvolio in Shakespeare's Twelfth Night. Le Mesurier later commented on the slow progress of his career: " had I known it was going	going	VERB	to	PART	 to
The FTC did not impose any sanctions. As of 2014, it has 81 million viewers and is broadcast in 33 countries, in ten languages. In 2013, former ABC Network President Steven McPherson and Rich Frank, the former chairman of Disney Channel became investors and	and	CCONJ	board	NOUN	 board
Historian John Fiske suggests that Philip's purpose was not to draw the Iroquois into the conflict, but instead to draw the Mahicans into the conflict with a view toward attacking Albany. An offer by Andros to send New York troops into Massachusetts to attack Philip was rebuffed	rebuffed	VERB	,	PUNCT	,
Her ears are ugly and rough; her breasts hang down. In one of her trembling hands, she holds a winnowing basket, while the other makes a boon conferring gesture (varada mudra) or knowledge giving gesture (cinmudra). She rides in a horseless	horseless	ADJ	chariot	NOUN	 chariot
Whiteside appeared in eight games, batting.120. He was designated for assignment on June 22 when Castillo returned from the disabled list, and sent outright to the Iowa Cubs on June 25. Whiteside elected free agency in October 2014. He signed a minor league contract with	with	ADP	the	DET	 the
However, there were also other groups like Groupe G which, though without an obvious political affiliation, recruited only from very specific demographics. Belgium's strategic location meant that it constituted an important supply hub for the whole German army in Northern Europe and particularly northern France	France	PROPN	.	PUNCT	.
Walker is the Nuclear Regulatory Commission's historian and his book is the first detailed historical analysis since the accident. The 1979 accident at Three Mile Island Nuclear Power Station in Pennsylvania was " the single most important event in the fifty year history of nuclear power regulation in	in	ADP	the	DET	 the
" Stories about cow tipping tend to be second hand, he says, told by someone who does not claim to have tipped a cow but who knows someone else who says he or she did. Cattle may need to be deliberately thrown or tipped over for certain	certain	ADJ	types	NOUN	 types
" The cover's art direction was handled by Cudi himself. In December 2013, it would be named the sixteenth best album cover of 2013 by Complex. Later that day, Cudi appeared on Jimmy Kimmel Live! and performed the album's lead singles; "	"	PUNCT	Just	ADV	 Just
Structure 6 (or Structure VI) is on the west side of the Central Plaza and, together with Structures 4a, 4b and 4c, forms an E Group astronomical complex. In 1989 observations verified that on March 21, the vernal equinox, the sun rose	rose	VERB	behind	ADP	 behind
Several of these recording sessions have been preserved, and were reissued in 1998. For the complete list see List of compositions by Leoš Janáček. Leoš Janáček counts among the first opera composers who used prose for his libretti, not verse. He even wrote his own	own	ADJ	libretti	PROPN	 libretti
) He added that, " In blackening Stalin, the enemies are not concerned about him as a person, but their aim is to discredit the Soviet Union, the socialist system, and the international communist movement, consequently, to undermine the workers ' faith in	in	ADP	socialism	NOUN	 socialism
It was released on October 4, 2013, by RCA Records. Opting to re establish her music career instead of focusing on her film career as originally planned, Cyrus began planning the project in 2012. Work continued into 2013, at which time she left her	her	PRON	previous	ADJ	 previous
A separate business within the same company manufactures salt from brine transported by pipeline from the saltfields of central Cheshire. The former ICI offices and laboratories now comprise the Heath Business and Technical Park, which provides office, laboratory, conference, and leisure facilities. To the	the	DET	east	NOUN	 east
" The style of music played by Catatonia changed slightly over time. Adrian Thrills of the Daily Mail said that Way Beyond Blue was " guitar dominated " and showed them to be a " talented but typical alternative rock outfit ". But the songs on International Velvet	Velvet	PROPN	showed	VERB	 showed
Lasance said he was glad Aden was not killed off because it was a " realisation of his potential ". While he had no immediate plans to return, he also said he would like to return one day to " see what Aden's up to ".	.	PUNCT	When	SCONJ	 When
The name " Turtle Rock " derived from the name of a neighbourhood where Booth lived. The team eventually expanded the studio and rented an office, and continued the development of Condition Zero. The game was officially released in 2004. Satisfied with the work done by	by	ADP	Turtle	PROPN	 Turtle
France and the United Kingdom were the only countries to develop fleets of wooden steam screw battleships, although several other navies operated small numbers of screw battleships, including Russia (9), Turkey (3), Sweden (2), Naples (1),	,	PUNCT	Denmark	PROPN	 Denmark
It has also been suggested that Ölvir may be an ancestor of the MacLeods. Until quite recently, it was commonly believed by historians that the eponymous ancestor of the MacLeods, Leod, was the son of Olaf the Black, King of Mann and the Isles.	.	PUNCT	In	ADP	 In
These exceptions were included as a result of lobbying by the publishing industry, and the fear that the need to name the author of a current events report could interfere with its speedy delivery, and undermine the image of the news as objective and neutral. Under Section	Section	NOUN	79	NUM	 79
In 1562 many Székelys took up arms against John II Sigismund, but they were defeated. The Saxon towns continued to develop even in the years of upheaval. Their population, however, increased slowly, mainly as a consequence of the Saxons ' traditional desire for segregation	segregation	NOUN	:	PUNCT	:
This caused the game to receive much hype from the media and fans. Having won two games in a row, the Pacers came into the game with a 6 – 2 record, while the Pistons, the defending champions, began their season 4 – 3.	.	PUNCT	The	DET	 The
On the return voyage to Germany, Admiral Scheer stopped at Gibraltar on the morning of 25 August 1936. Marschall, Lindemann and other officers met with the British Governor and Rear Admiral James Somerville. After Lindemann returned to Germany, he was promoted to commander on 1	1	NUM	October	PROPN	 October
R Aurigae, with a period of 457.5 days, ranges in magnitude from a minimum of 13.9 to a maximum of 6.7. UV Aurigae, with a period of 394.4 days, ranges in magnitude from a minimum of 10.6 to a maximum of 7.4. U Aurigae	Aurigae	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
It can be an idea or a task, but is more likely to be one of the activities or events that have developed over thousands of years specifically for the purpose of keeping an audience's attention. Although people's attention is held by different things, because	because	SCONJ	individuals	NOUN	 individuals
In 1923, pre 1927 Route 18S was created along the current alignment of US 40 east of the Route 48 intersection, running from Penns Grove to Atlantic City. When the U.S. Highway System was established in 1926, the alignment of US 40 in New Jersey ran	ran	VERB	from	ADP	 from
[For them], Kali is a symbol of wholeness and healing, associated especially with repressed female power and sexuality. [However, such interpretations often exhibit] confusion and misrepresentation, stemming from a lack of knowledge of Hindu history among these authors, [who	who	PRON	only	ADV	 only
" The memberships of the eight AKAs who filed the complaint were revoked by the sorority but later forced to be reinstated by a judge. In February 2010, the Superior Court of the District of Columbia dismissed the lawsuit. On August 18, 2011, the District	District	PROPN	of	ADP	 of
A caution for the spin, minimized the time Sullivan would lose to Andretti by pitting to replace 20 laps later Sullivan took the lead for good when he passed Andretti without incident. Andretti dominated the 1987 Indianapolis 500, leading 170 of the first 177 laps of the	the	DET	race	NOUN	 race
Bishop Walter attended at least five meetings of the Scottish national parliament during his episcopate. He was present at the Scone parliament of 27 September 1367, which discussed royal revenues and relations with the English crown. He was also present at the Scone parliament of June 1368	1368	NUM	,	PUNCT	,
This will be the second episode to highlight Gaga's music, the first one being season one's " Theatricality ". According to Monteith, the focus of " Born This Way " is the characters " embracing the things about [them] selves that [they	they	PRON	]	X	]
" In early August, the Ürümqi government announced that 83 individuals had been " officially " arrested in connection with the riots. China Daily reported in late August that over 200 people were being charged and that trials would begin by the end of August. Although this	this	PRON	was	AUX	 was
On December 19, 1910, Tenney signed a two year contract with the Boston Rustlers. For the 1911 season, Tenney hit.263 over 102 games. He was released by the Braves on March 20, 1912, after 44 – 107 record in one season; Tenney	Tenney	PROPN	was	AUX	 was
Peregrines defending their nests have managed to kill raptors as large as golden eagles and bald eagles (both of which they normally avoid as potential predators) that have come too close to the nest by ambushing them in a full stoop. In one instance, when a	a	DET	snowy	ADJ	 snowy
The film received positive reviews from Toronto Star and Variety following its 56 minute premiere at the 2007 Cannes Film Festival when the final 85 minute cut was months away from completion. Critics from publications such as the Irish Independent, The New Zealand Herald, Reno News &	&	CCONJ	Review	PROPN	 Review
He focused on solo albums such as White City: A Novel (1985), The Iron Man (1989, featuring Daltrey and Entwistle and two songs credited to the Who), and Psychoderelict (1993). In July 1985, the Who performed at Live	Live	ADJ	Aid	NOUN	 Aid
Charles Tallman, an End who achieved All American status with the Mountaineers in 1923 with the Mountaineers, replaced Neale in 1934 and produced immediate results as the program posted 6 – 4 records in 1934 and 1936. Although West Virginia posted a 3 – 4 – 2	2	NUM	record	NOUN	 record
For that reason, it uses a separate contracting entity, the Georgia Tech Applied Research Corporation (GTARC). Although GTARC is the contracting entity, the Georgia Tech Research Corporation (GTRC) owns the intellectual property created by all Georgia Tech researchers and manages technology protection	protection	NOUN	and	CCONJ	 and
This station was to have additional platforms on the new branch line which would head west under Knightsbridge, Kensington Road and Kensington High Street, with stations at the Royal Albert Hall, the DR's High Street Kensington station and Addison Road. The tunnels were then to	to	PART	follow	VERB	 follow
An alternative interpretation is that " Beinn Nibheis " derives from " beinn nèamh bhathais ", from " nèamh " " heavens, clouds " and " bathais " " top of a man's head ". One translation would therefore be " the mountain with its head	head	NOUN	in	ADP	 in
Since the emergence of Peter Crouch in the England squad, the possibility of a recall receded further. Heskey's international appearances under manager Steve McClaren were limited, although he was recalled to the England squad in September 2007 for the UEFA Euro 2008 qualifiers as cover for	for	ADP	the	DET	 the
The game's release has been regarded as important in the history of the console RPG. Kohler noted that Toriyama's and Sugiyama's contributions to the game " made Dragon Quest as visually and aurally exciting as the game play was unique and sophisticated. " GameSpot named	named	VERB	it	PRON	 it
Yardley then brought on the part time left arm unorthodox spin of Compton, and himself, in an attempt to stem Barnes ' hitting. The Australian finally fell for 141, caught by Washbrook on the boundary from Yardley. The ball would have gone for another six	six	NUM	had	AUX	 had
Back on the Titanic, Captain Hardaker dismisses the ship's officers from the bridge. Citing regulations, that require at least two officers remain on the bridge at all times, Midshipman Alonso Frame stays. After the group returns from their excursion, Hardaker drops the vessel	vessel	NOUN	's	PART	's
After 15: 00 an airstrike was called in to dislodge the surviving Chinese in front of D Company. However, the attack by two US Marine Corps F4U Corsairs was mistakenly directed at the Australians themselves after their positions were wrongly marked by the spotter plane. Two	Two	NUM	men	NOUN	 men
MDNA (2012) largely focused in electronic dance music, which she has embraced since Ray of Light. Possessing a mezzo soprano vocal range, Madonna has always been self conscious about her voice, especially in comparison to her vocal idols such as Ella Fitzgerald, Prince	Prince	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
There is also a Capture the Flag mode. All modes are team based and there are no free for alls. Completing challenges unlocks new abilities, weapons, customization opportunities, and burn cards: single use, single life power ups that bestow a temporary gain,	,	PUNCT	such	ADJ	 such
Poland's neighbors were preoccupied with wars and unable to intervene forcibly in Polish affairs. Russian Empire and Archduchy of Austria were engaged in hostilities with the Ottoman Empire (the Russo – Turkish War, 1787 – 1792 and the Austro Turkish War, 1787 – 1791)	)	PUNCT	;	PUNCT	;
By 14: 00 the 4th Parachute Brigade was no further forward. With casualties mounting, Brigadier Hackett asked General Urquhart's permission to withdraw south of the railway line. His intention was to move through Wolfheze and into Oosterbeek where the division's support units waited.	.	PUNCT	The	DET	 The
Trooper Robertson returned to Wilson with Borrow, giving the patrol a total of 37 men, including its officers. Wilson conferred with his officers, none of whom was particularly optimistic about their prospects: " This is the end " said one. British soldier and historian	historian	NOUN	Roger	PROPN	 Roger
Ahead of the 2008 – 09 season, Stevenage manager Graham Westley sent Morison to a training camp whereby he would work on his pace, and later said " he is improving all the time ". He also described him as a player that " no defender would	would	AUX	want	VERB	 want
The soundtrack was recorded at Air Studios in London and released by Walt Disney Records on July 19, 2011. The world premiere of Captain America: The First Avenger was held on July 19, 2011, at the El Capitan Theatre in Hollywood, California. The	The	DET	film	NOUN	 film
Upon forming, the depression possessed a small, tight low level circulation beneath a well defined mid level circulation. Easterly wind shear initially restricted upper level outflow as the cyclone moved to the west, a motion due to a subtropical ridge to its north. The cloud	cloud	ADJ	pattern	NOUN	 pattern
Rose is re united with the Doctor near the climax of " The Stolen Earth ". Director Graeme Harper insisted that the scene appear " mystical " because the characters ' reunion was " the most magical moment " in the entire episode and Ernie Vincze, the Director	Director	PROPN	of	ADP	 of
Rare then developed Diddy Kong Racing, their first self published game. Originally intended as a real time strategy game involving cavemen, the game was re imagined into a racing game prior to its release in 1997. It was one of the fastest selling games at the	the	DET	time	NOUN	 time
One of these adaptations is a " rete mirabile " (Latin for " wonderful net "). This close web like structure of veins and arteries, located along each lateral side of the shark, conserves heat by warming the cooler arterial blood with the venous blood	blood	NOUN	that	PRON	 that
At the time, it was the largest majority obtained by any candidate in a Kentucky election. Post war Kentucky Democrats had split into two factions — the more conservative Bourbon Democrats and the more progressive New Departure Democrats. Stevenson governed moderately, giving concessions to both sides	sides	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
Further stones were removed in the 17th century, so that by the beginning of the 18th century the abbey was described as a ruin. The only building to survive intact is the Abbot's Kitchen, which served as a Quaker meeting house. Early in the 19th	19th	ADJ	century	NOUN	 century
Matt Conner of CCM Magazine gave Revelation four and a half out of five stars, opining that " The production on Revelation showcases a seasoned band working with a new yet veteran producer in Howard Benson... And the results are perhaps the band's best work to date	date	NOUN	"	PUNCT	 "
Martino haughtily rejected the demands and accelerated construction, but now his deposed brother Benedetto lodged a complaint with the emperor claiming the one half share of the island's revenues that was his due. With these events as an excuse, in autumn 1329 Andronikos III assembled a	a	DET	fleet	NOUN	 fleet
The building's southern elevation has wooden windows with 12 over 12 double hung sashes on brick window sills. Its basement level has one entrance, flanked by wooden double hung sash windows and four casement windows. The northeastern elevation has three stained glass windows on the main	main	ADJ	level	NOUN	 level
Heading into his junior year, Latos improved his training regimen and diet. He pitched to a 7 – 4 record with a 0.76 ERA as a junior with 128 strikeouts and 17 walks in 83 innings. Eleven of his thirteen starts were complete games. Coconut Creek	Creek	PROPN	reached	VERB	 reached
On 1 January 1939, the Germans made military Enigma even more difficult to break by increasing the number of plugboard connections from between five and eight, to between seven and ten. When World War II broke out on 1 September 1939, Leśniak and his colleagues had	had	AUX	been	AUX	 been
On economic issues, he supports long term deficit reduction efforts to ensure economic prosperity, Cap and Trade taxation to combat climate change, and increased funding for education. Booker is a supporter of the DREAM Act and the Patriot Act, stating the abolition of the latter	latter	ADJ	would	AUX	 would
The book agitated him. " The Diary of a Seducer " he regarded as the fancies of an unclean imagination. Things were not like that in real life. Moreover John was no sybarite, but on the contrary inclined to asceticism and self torment. Such egotistic	egotistic	ADJ	sensuality	NOUN	 sensuality
The producers chose the latter and paid Malick $250,000 to write a screenplay. Malick began adapting The Thin Red Line on January 1, 1989. Five months later, the producers received his first draft, which was 300 pages long. According to an article in	in	ADP	Entertainment	PROPN	 Entertainment
A cycling legend says that he decided to stop, entered a bar and ordered a bottle of wine, and drank it almost completely. When he saw the first other cyclists passing by, Pottier mounted his bicycle again, went after them, and won the stage	stage	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
Added to their already weak political position, Arab leaders reached a consensus in 1972 that a diplomatic solution to the conflict was hopeless. American mediation steadily declined, ceasing entirely by mid 1973. By 1972 the United States and the Soviet Union were focused on détente.	.	PUNCT	The	DET	 The
On January 14, 2008, the seven Applicant cities returned documents, known as the Application Files, containing the answers and guarantees requested by the 2016 Candidature Acceptance Procedure, which provided to the IOC an overview of each city's project. The responses were studied by	by	ADP	the	DET	 the
This may be compared with galactic hydroxyl masers in star forming regions, where the 1665 MHz line is typically strongest, and hydroxyl masers around evolved stars, in which the 1612 MHz line is often strongest, and of the main lines, 1667 MHz emission is frequently	frequently	ADV	stronger	ADJ	 stronger
Further online tie ins were launched, including an online game and a competition to win a gorilla suit, a purple drum kit and a year's supply of bananas and Cadbury chocolate bars. The advertisement premiered on New Zealand television on Monday, 30 June 2008.	.	PUNCT	The	DET	 The
In 2011 Alex Paterson teamed up with electronic producer Gaudi and vocalist Chester for the creation of their experimental and ongoing collaborative project SCREEN, releasing the album " We are Screen " by Malicious Damage Records. In 2012 the Orb worked with dub musician Lee " Scratch "	"	PUNCT	Perry	PROPN	 Perry
He was runner up in the fourth event on the UK tour for the 1997 / 1998 season and, for the 2000 / 2001 season, won the third and fourth events on the Challenge Tour, topping the Order of Merit rankings. In 2000, he received	received	VERB	the	DET	 the
The existence of gods is not rejected, but may be designated unnecessary or useless; gods neither provide purpose to life, nor influence everyday life, according to this view. A form of practical atheism with implications for the scientific community is methodological naturalism — the "	"	PUNCT	tacit	ADJ	 tacit
The fort gave its name to today's Fort Road, and it used to stand on the grounds of the present Katong Park. Fort Tanjong Katong, the only one of its kind on the eastern side of the island, was part of a series of defensive	defensive	ADJ	batteries	NOUN	 batteries
Leningrad citizens who could not fit into the hall gathered around open windows and loudspeakers. The musicians onstage were " dressed like cabbages " in multiple layers to prevent starvation induced shivering. Shortly before the concert started, the electric lights above the stage were turned on for	for	ADP	the	DET	 the
Although many Democratic Klan members initially supported the 1932 presidential campaign of Franklin D. Roosevelt, the Klan later officially turned against him because of his acceptance of endorsements from minorities and labor unions. After Roosevelt's election, Evans fiercely opposed the New Deal, describing it as	as	ADP	a	DET	 a
DeMeritt actually walked on his hands and played all scenes where he walked awkwardly or fell over. The head was placed above that of the actors, and the actors could see through slits in its chest. Caprice Roth, a professional mime, filled prosthetics to play	play	VERB	E.T.	PROPN	 E.T.
Patronage of the parish subsequently transferred through a number of landholding families, vesting by the 17th century with the prominent Kent family of Sir Charles Sedley, which at times held the barony of Aylesford. During this period the Tylden (or Tilden) family, believed to	to	PART	have	AUX	 have
As of 2014, Ahmedabad's estimated gross domestic product was $119 billion. Ahmedabad has been selected as one of the hundred Indian cities to be developed as a smart city under PM Narendra Modi's flagship Smart Cities Mission. The area around Ahmedabad has been inhabited	inhabited	VERB	since	SCONJ	 since
The highway was named in 1976 for Truth in honor of her local connections to the area. Part of the much longer highway, I 194 starts when M 66 widens out to a full freeway just south of I 94 near Beckley Road. The start of I	I	PROPN	194	NUM	 194
In late April, Architects supported The Devil Wears Prada and Whitechapel on a six day tour of South America. Architects began promoting Daybreaker by playing several large European festivals throughout June and July 2013, before embarking on tour legs in south east Asia, Australasia, North	North	PROPN	America	PROPN	 America
Named for the West African river, she was built before the outbreak of World War II and was the penultimate contre torpilleur built by the French Navy. Along with her sister ship Mogador, Volta was designed in an effort to build a ship capable of out fighting	fighting	VERB	every	DET	 every
Poppy decides to spend the rest of Christmas with her family, and while she is gone, Fatboy buys food and gifts, but gives them to a homeless man who tells him Christmas is about love, not material things. As Poppy is about to leave with	with	ADP	her	PRON	 her
The performance earned unanimous praise from the assembled press: " Words are wanting to express the exquisite delight it afforded to the admiring and crouded Audience ". A Dublin clergyman, Rev. Delaney, was so overcome by Susanna Cibber's rendering of " He was despised "	"	PUNCT	that	SCONJ	 that
Squires and Musgrave praised the variability between running, swinging, climbing and free falling; the former stated, " The result is a game that continues to feel fresh long after the hundredth play ". Musgrave commented, " the art style does sometimes hinder the gameplay	gameplay	NOUN	"	PUNCT	 "
(e.g. Tamura, Atsumori) Katsura mono (鬘物, wig plays) or onna mono (女物, woman plays) depict the shite in a female role and feature some of the most refined songs and dances in all of Noh, reflecting the smooth and flowing	flowing	VERB	movements	NOUN	 movements
Phillips and Lloyd were thought of as a pair, both playing along similar lines and sharing the work of scrum half and outside half. While Lloyd was a smarter runner, Phillips was a better kick, but both of them could drop goals, and were remarkable	remarkable	ADJ	in	ADP	 in
He was not complimentary of the B sides that accompanied it. Stephen Thomas Erlewine, also of Allmusic, had a negative reaction to the record. He described " Blood on the Dance Floor " as a " bleak reworking of ' Jam ' and ' Scream '	'	PUNCT	"	PUNCT	 "
They are currently found in twenty two states in the U.S., and those populations are protected under state, federal and international laws. American paddlefish are closely related to sturgeons in the order Acipenseriformes, an order of basal ray finned fishes that includes sturgeon and paddlefish,	,	PUNCT	several	ADJ	 several
All of the German ships proved to be very low on fuel after their journey and fuel oil was transferred to Eckoldt from Theodor Riedel and Heinemann. Admiral Hipper and Eckoldt attempted to leave on the night of 10 April, but the smaller ship proved to be unable	unable	ADJ	to	PART	 to
" He found the self referential ending " fails to become clever and instead just seems silly. " However, he wrote that the episode " includes a few goods bits, especially the phone call in which Homer convinces Lenny to go to the game. " Jake	Jake	PROPN	McNeill	PROPN	 McNeill
Pearson and Morant argued in the 1930s that the originally understood position — traditionally, Bradshaw's head was in the middle, with Cromwell to the right and Ireton to the left — could be disputed, as they reveal in their study. Although they upheld the originally	originally	ADV	understood	VERB	 understood
Hermann: Giving the exact date and time of the attack. Dorothea: Indicating a delay in the attack. Spätlese: Cancelling of the attack after formations are airborne. Allied intelligence failed to detect the German intention. In Ultra transcripts, there are only a few	few	ADJ	indications	NOUN	 indications
With Mrs. Midnight, Smart challenges the traditional social order found in 18th century England. However, some, like Lance Bertelsen, claim that the Mrs. Midnight persona reveals Smart's schizophrenia in which he is torn between masculine and feminine roles. Fraser Easton claims that the	the	DET	existence	NOUN	 existence
In 2014, the song re entered the Spanish Charts two years after its first appearance and reached a new peak of 26. It also made its debut on the Danish Charts at number 34. In Australia, " Marry You " debuted at number 50 on the	the	DET	ARIA	PROPN	 ARIA
The club ended the campaign second in the league, 18 points behind Manchester United. Arsenal exited both domestic cup competitions on penalties, being eliminated by Leicester City in a FA Cup fourth round replay and by Middlesbrough at the same stage of the Football League Cup.	.	PUNCT	For	ADP	 For
Continual strikes activate the change for a Fatal Strike, which kills normal enemies and heavily damages bosses. Landing successive Fatal Strikes grants bonuses at the end of the battle. During battle, landing successive strikes without taking hits fill an Over Limit meter. Once the meter	meter	NOUN	is	AUX	 is
The building work proved very expensive, however, and despite the mayor and bailiffs enforcing contributions and assistance from the citizens, Parliament had to be asked several times in the 1370s to assist by remitting arrears of taxes owed by Southampton. In 1370 the French made a	a	DET	successful	ADJ	 successful
Killebrew also had defensive difficulties at third base, where he played behind veteran Eddie Yost. When Killebrew's bonus period expired in 1956, he was sent to the Senators ' minor league affiliate in Charlotte of the South Atlantic League. He returned to the majors in	in	ADP	early	ADJ	 early
Barney's attitudes during World War II have been controversial. In 1937, Una, Lady Troubridge had complained that Barney " talked a lot of half baked nonsense about the tyranny of fascism ". Barney herself was one quarter Jewish, and since she spent the war	war	NOUN	in	ADP	 in
Allmusic's Eduardo Rivadavia mentioned that the album was full of " bite sized songs " which are combination of " extremely melodic chorus sections " and " depths of hell Cookie Monster growling ". Rivadavia went on to say the album is not " better or worse than	than	ADP	a	DET	 a
The family moved into a house on Varadi Avenue in Brantford seven months after Wayne was born, chosen partly because its yard was flat enough to make an ice rink on every winter. Wayne was joined by a sister, Kim (b. 1963), and brothers	brothers	NOUN	Keith	PROPN	 Keith
Joseph increased her teaching commitments by often deputising for Holst, both at James Allen's and at SPGS. She also continued in her role of the composer's amanuensis, and was invited to attend the private premiere of The Planets, on 29 September 1918 at the	the	DET	Queen	PROPN	 Queen
Generally, treatment is not diagnostic or curative, although the patient may choose some treatment options intended to prolong life, such as CPR. Most hospice services are covered by Medicare or other providers, and many hospices can provide access to charitable resources for patients lacking such	such	ADJ	coverage	NOUN	 coverage
The seventh named storm of the 2006 Pacific typhoon season, Maria formed out of a tropical depression over the open waters of the western Pacific Ocean. On August 5, the Japan Meteorological Agency (JMA) classified the depression as a tropical storm while the Joint Typhoon	Typhoon	PROPN	Warning	PROPN	 Warning
In 1997, only two years after winning their second consecutive division title, the Flames missed the playoffs and would not return for seven years. The low point came in the 1997 – 98 season, in which the Flames finished with only 67 points, the second	second	ADJ	lowest	ADJ	 lowest
" Poet John Greenleaf Whittier, in his work Journal of Margaret Smith, called Bradstreet " so wrought up that she was fain to take to her bed, refusing to be comforted, and counting it the heaviest day of her life. " Bradstreet was the daughter	daughter	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
He opened one of Orlando's first bars after the end of Prohibition. He also returned to baseball. Tinker scouted the Philadelphia Athletics ' hitters for the Cubs prior to the 1929 World Series. During the 1930 season, Tinker returned to baseball as a coach for	for	ADP	the	DET	 the
Internationally, " My First Kiss " entered the Australian charts at number twenty five. After steadily ascending the charts for seven weeks, the single reached a peak of thirteen where it stayed for two weeks. The song was listed on the chart for a total of	of	ADP	seventeen	NUM	 seventeen
This contrasts with another couple on the opposite panel who face Hell; the woman is hunched over as the man raises his hand in vain to beseech God for mercy. Heaven is represented by an entrance to the Heavenly City, which is in a contemporary Gothic style	style	NOUN	illuminated	VERB	 illuminated
Two popular link protocols for local area networks (LANs) also appeared in the 1970s. A patent for the token ring protocol was filed by Olof Soderblom on 29 October 1974 and a paper on the Ethernet protocol was published by Robert Metcalfe and David Boggs in the	the	DET	July	PROPN	 July
By 1967, the group spent time in St. Louis, where a Los Angeles based recording executive discovered them; they consequently moved out West and were renamed the Hour Glass, cutting two unsuccessful albums for Liberty Records. Duane moved back to pursue a career as a	a	DET	session	NOUN	 session
Lazenby's voice is more suave than sexy sinister and he could pass for the other fellow's twin on the shady side of the casino. Bond is now definitely all set for the Seventies ". Judith Crist of New York Magazine commented that, " This time	time	NOUN	around	ADP	 around
Andy Kellman of AllMusic selected the song as one of the album's highlights, noting that it has " a wide theatrical scope akin to that of The Dream's own ' Nikki, Pt. 2 / Abyss. ' " He further analysed: " Over a	a	DET	swelling	NOUN	 swelling
On 21 April that year, Rejtan, in a dramatic gesture at the Sejm, is said to have bared his chest and laid himself down in a doorway, blocking the way with his own body in a dramatic attempt to stop the other members from leaving the	the	DET	chamber	NOUN	 chamber
French composer Claude Debussy drew inspiration for his music from the prints of Hokusai and Horoshige, most prominently in La mer (1905). Imagist poets such as Amy Lowell and Ezra Pound found inspiration in ukiyo e prints; Lowell published a book of poetry called Pictures	Pictures	PROPN	of	ADP	 of
It had a huge but poorly performing asset portfolio, associated with a depressed share price. The stock market value of Gulf started to drop below the break up value of its assets. Such a situation was bound to attract the interest of corporate raiders, although a	a	DET	corporation	NOUN	 corporation
After its inclusion on her second remix album as a bonus acoustic track on Enamorada de Ti (2012), critics gave a mixed review. The song won the Tejano Crossover Song of the Year award posthumously at the 1997 Tejano Music Awards. It peaked at number	number	NOUN	six	NUM	 six
It is awarded for gallantry " in the face of the enemy " to members of the British armed forces. It may be awarded posthumously. It was previously awarded to Commonwealth countries, most of which have established their own honours systems and no longer recommend British honours	honours	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
As Cousy put it: " We would get tired in the end and could not get the ball. " As a result, Auerbach sought a defensive big man who could both get easy rebounds, initiate fast breaks, and close out games. Before the 1956	1956	NUM	NBA	PROPN	 NBA
James contrasted the temple's biblically epic destruction with the more effective and quiet conversation between the Joneses at the film's end. James noted that Indiana's mother does not appear in the prologue, being portrayed as already having died before the film's events began.	.	PUNCT	The	DET	 The
In 1868 / 1869 Edward Drinker Cope proposed a family Scelidosauridae in a double lecture but this was only published in December 1871; therefore it was Thomas Henry Huxley who validly named the Scelidosauridae in 1869. In the nineteenth century almost any armoured dinosaur then known has been	been	AUX	considered	VERB	 considered
These included a number of medieval theological teachings, but most importantly the physical treatises of Aristotle. The investigations of these teachings were conducted by the Bishops of Paris. The Condemnations of 1277 are traditionally linked to an investigation requested by Pope John XXI, although whether he	he	PRON	actually	ADV	 actually
The inquiry found contradictory information in the NSPCC's files. One file said that Climbié's case was " accepted for ongoing service ", whilst another computer record, made after Climbié's death, said that " no further action " was to be taken, suggesting	suggesting	VERB	the	DET	 the
As Bailey's description more closely matched Dixon's findings (that these variants were only partly and not completely hairless), Dixon retained Bailey's name and reclassified it as Ficus rubiginosa forma glabrescens in 2001 as it differed only in the lack of hairs on new growth	growth	NOUN	from	ADP	 from
It is also possible that Desmatosuchus was present in Africa, as fossils have been found from the Zarzaitine Series in Algeria that were referred to the genus. South American aetosaurs have been found from Argentina, Brazil, and Chile. In Argentina, they are known from	from	ADP	the	DET	 the
The promotional EP Big Bright Cherry was released in 1994 and included three tracks from the Hot Boxing recording sessions as well as three self produced songs. In 1995, the McNair and the band parted ways, with neither party giving a definitive rationale. Hopper explained "	"	PUNCT	We	PRON	 We
The pleurocystidia (cystidia on the gill face) are 40 – 85 by 6 – 8 µm and end abruptly in a sharp point. Russula parvovirescens, found in the eastern United States, can be distinguished from R. virescens by its smaller stature, with caps measuring	measuring	VERB	4	NUM	 4
Critic Will Hermes views Jamie xx as a more prominent contributor on Coexist than on xx and comments that " the beats and musical backdrops are more varied and command more attention. " The songs are also spatially arranged and experiment with tension, including listeners ' expectations for	for	ADP	a	DET	 a
I 87 veers slightly westward to avoid the village, and in doing so it meets US 11 at exit 42, a diamond interchange just west of the village limits. I 87 takes a northerly track from US 11, crossing the Great Chazy River and briefly entering	entering	VERB	the	DET	 the
His whistling throws, which seemed to clear the grass by no more than half a foot, never seemed to lose more than an inch or two. " Alfred Henry Spink, who saw Dunlap play, wrote that Dunlap could chase down a ball in the outfield	outfield	NOUN	and	CCONJ	 and
Rommel believed that the Normandy coast could be a possible landing point for the invasion, so he ordered the construction of extensive defensive works along that shore. In addition to concrete gun emplacements at strategic points along the coast, he ordered wooden stakes, metal tripods,	,	PUNCT	mines	NOUN	 mines
Sites in eastern Iowa appeared to nucleate, vacating much of the hinterlands. Western Iowa appears to have been not directly involved in this exchange network, and the Havana Hopewell flourishing did not extend much above the Kansas City area of the Missouri River. The Late Woodland	Woodland	PROPN	Period	PROPN	 Period
Due to its inaccessibility and the distance from Pitcairn Island, Ducie is rarely visited today. The island was discovered by a Spanish expedition led by Portuguese sailor Pedro Fernandes de Queirós on 26 January 1606, during an expedition that began in Callao, Peru. Supported by	by	ADP	Pope	PROPN	 Pope
As the weather precluded a landing on the island, it was decided that Komet and Kulmerland would go to Ailinglaplap in the Marshall Islands where Komet would refuel while Orion operated north west of Nauru. Following this the ships would meet off the island and make another attempt	attempt	NOUN	to	PART	 to
Despite the accompanying economic growth and rise in living standards, Bo's tenure in Dalian has sometimes been criticized as having been too focused on aesthetic development projects such as expansive boulevards, monuments, and large public parks. To make way for his large scale projects,	,	PUNCT	Bo	PROPN	 Bo
This deep thrust completely separated Fröhlich from the rest of the Army of the Upper Rhine. Latour and Sztáray tried to hold a position behind the Murg River but Desaix attacked them in the Battle of Rastatt on 5 July. To assist in this operation, Moreau directed	directed	VERB	Saint	PROPN	 Saint
The phalangeal formula, which states the number of finger bones in each finger starting from the first, was 2 3 4 3 2. The hindlimbs were long, slender, and ended in four toes, the first of which (the hallux) did not contact	contact	VERB	the	DET	 the
Another mite, Aceria pseudoplatani causes a ' sycamore felt gall ' on the underside of leaves of both sycamore and Norway maple (Acer platanoides). The sycamore aphid Drepanosiphum platanoidis sucks sap from buds and foliage, producing large quantities of sticky honeydew that contaminate foliage,	,	PUNCT	cars	NOUN	 cars
" Because of its role as a specialist court, circuit splits rarely exist between the Federal Circuit and other circuit courts of appeal. In his opinion in Markman v. Westview Instruments, Inc., Justice David Souter observed that avoiding conflicting rulings among circuit courts in patent law	law	NOUN	cases	NOUN	 cases
" In early October 2011, TV Guide reported that actor Brad Dourif would be making a guest appearance as a " beggar who befriends evil Rumpelstiltskin. " Other guest stars included Meghan Ory as Ruby, Patti Allan as Miss Ginger, Beverley Elliott as Granny, Giancarlo	Giancarlo	PROPN	Esposito	PROPN	 Esposito
A bull can only be registered in the Herd book if it has no other white than the belt. The dun color is caused by a mutation in the PMEL gene, the same mutation that causes dun and silver dun in Highland cattle. Bulls weigh from 1,700	1,700	NUM	pounds	NOUN	 pounds
By the time you get to ' Like a Virgin ' and ' 4 Minutes ', the songs sound overproduced and melodramatic, more show tune than disco. " In its first week of release in the United States, Glee: The Music, The Power of	of	ADP	Madonna	PROPN	 Madonna
The Sa ' iqa were assigned the objective of hampering reserves en route from Israel. The helicopters left the range of friendly SAMs and were not assigned air cover, resulting in a number of them being shot down. At 18: 00 Egyptian armor and anti tank	tank	NOUN	units	NOUN	 units
The music video for " Give It Away " was made by French fashion photographer and director Stéphane Sednaoui. Kiedis wanted the video to be visually distinct and readily identifiable but disliked much of the material Warner Bros. sent for him to choose from: " I started viewing	viewing	VERB	reels	NOUN	 reels
They were successful, but narrowly, as Cornell was nominated for governor by a vote of 234 – 216. Arthur and Conkling campaigned vigorously for the Stalwart ticket and, owing partly to a splintering of the Democratic vote, were victorious. Arthur and the machine had	had	AUX	rebuked	VERB	 rebuked
Peter Gabriel performed the song during the 2006 Winter Olympics opening ceremony. Since 2005, " Imagine " has been played prior to the New Year's Eve ball drop at New York City's Times Square. Beginning in 2010, the song has been performed live;	;	PUNCT	first	ADV	 first
American fans online began calling Gretzky a " crybaby "; defenders said he was merely borrowing a page from former coach Glen Sather to take the pressure off his players. Gretzky addressed those comments by saying he spoke out to protect the Canadian players, and the tirade	tirade	NOUN	was	AUX	 was
This culminated in Blackmore calling a rehearsal session without Gillan. After an acrimonious argument, Glover told Gillan, " Ian, you've gone too far this time, " and he was fired, to be replaced by former Rainbow vocalist Joe Lynn Turner for one Deep	Deep	PROPN	Purple	PROPN	 Purple
Mandela's administration was also perceived as having failed to deal with the problem of corruption. Further problems were caused by the exodus of thousands of skilled white South Africans from the country, who were escaping the increasing crime rates, higher taxes, and the impact of	of	ADP	positive	ADJ	 positive
Before leaving the United Kingdom, she was present at the Fleet Review at Spithead for the Diamond Jubilee of Queen Victoria on 26 June 1897. She moved to the Mediterranean where she relieved the battleship Anson. In February 1898 Victorious was detached from the Mediterranean Fleet for	for	ADP	service	NOUN	 service
Veelers set a time of 7 ' 47 " for the course – which was near identical to the 2004 prologue held in the city, won by then Fassa Bortolo rider Fabian Cancellara, over a 6.1 km (3.8 mi) parcours – but this was immediately beaten	beaten	VERB	by	ADP	 by
Luger was eventually entered into the match, although The Great Kabuki and Genichiro Tenryu were also entered, on Mr. Fuji's behalf, to attempt to prevent Luger from winning. Kabuki and Tenryu were unsuccessful, however, as Luger won the match and gained a match	match	NOUN	for	ADP	 for
The most distinguished Byzantine admiral of the period was Himerios, the logothetēs tou dromou. Appointed admiral in 904, he was unable to prevent the sack of Thessalonica, but he scored a first victory in 905 or 906, and in 910, he led a successful	successful	ADJ	attack	NOUN	 attack
However, he decided to play the song to American R & B singer Keyshia Cole, who liked the beat, but not the whole track. She eventually declined to record the song, but later said she would sing the song, however, this time Beyoncé	Beyoncé	PROPN	also	ADV	 also
In the 1973 state election, the LM largely ran a separate campaign from the LCL as a whole. The majority of the LCL's metropolitan candidates were also within the LM, and it was hoped that enough seats would be gained so that not only would the	the	DET	LCL	PROPN	 LCL
In mid April 1991, Gojko Šušak, a Croatian government minister and hardline nationalist, personally fired three Armbrust shoulder launched anti tank missiles at houses inhabited by Serbs in Borovo Selo. There were no casualties, but the attack aggravated and deepened ethnic tensions. On 2	2	NUM	May	PROPN	 May
After a one year rest, the headquarters of the 10th Mountain Division was deployed to Iraq for the first time in April 2008, along with the 4th Brigade Combat Team. The division headquarters served as the command element for southern Baghdad, while the 4th BCT operated	operated	VERB	in	ADP	 in
Losing sight of the squadron, Johnson and his wingman proceeded inland at 3,000 feet after spotting three aircraft. Turning in behind them, he identified them as Bf 109Fs. Johnson dived so as to come up and underneath into the enemy's blind spot. Closing to	to	ADP	15	NUM	 15
Additionally, on April 1, 2011, Square Enix published a vinyl record version of the album. This version contains six tracks, corresponding to tracks 1, 3, 4, 8, 12, and 13 from the full album. It has a length of	of	ADP	28	NUM	 28
The rest of song is identical to the album version although it does not include the brief keyboard noises at the very end. Reaction to the track was generally positive with several critics hailing " Lazer Beam " as a " return to form " including BBC Wales who	who	PRON	claimed	VERB	 claimed
The only effort expended is in the turns at the top and bottom of every such loop. This maneuver allows the bird to cover almost a thousand kilometres a day without flapping its wings. Slope soaring uses the rising air on the windward side of large waves.	.	PUNCT	Albatross	PROPN	 Albatross
Most of the damage resulting from Alice was caused by heavy rain in the inland areas of Texas, Tamaulipas and Coahuila; damage was exacerbated in these areas by drought conditions that rendered the soil especially vulnerable to erosion. Estimates of peak rainfall within 12 hours vary from	from	ADP	22	NUM	 22
They did not teach the Greek that was fundamental to the new Humanist scholarship, focusing on metaphysics, and putting a largely unquestioning faith in the works of Aristotle, whose authority would be challenged in the Renaissance. They provided only basic degrees. Those wanting to study	study	VERB	for	ADP	 for
Burke's final title victory came in the summer of 1990, when he defeated Ron Starr to win the AGPW International Heavyweight Championship for a fifth time. After retiring from full time wrestling, he went to Calgary in the early 1992. His old rival and real	real	ADJ	life	NOUN	 life
At the end of 2009 Federer, Nadal, Djokovic and Murray finished as the ATP's top four players for the second consecutive year with only Nadal and Federer changing positions from the 2008 final rankings list. During the 2010 season, the Big Four began to dominate	dominate	VERB	the	DET	 the
They departed Iceland, taking " a great deal of money abroad with him ", and reached Norway in the autumn. They stayed in Thrandheim for the winter, while King Olaf II was wintering in the east in Sarpsborg. Bolli soon became highly thought of in	in	ADP	Norway	PROPN	 Norway
Redding follows the chord changes mostly by playing the root with occasional passing notes, while Mitchell heightens the tension with drum flourishes that accentuate Hendrix's vocal and guitar. Biographer David Henderson describes Hendrix's guitar tone as " at the razor edge of distort ". However	However	ADV	,	PUNCT	,
Her three bladed propellers were 10 feet 6 inches (3.20 m) in diameter on the inner shafts while the outer propellers were 9 feet 6 inches (2.90 m) in diameter. The turbines were powered by thirty one Yarrow water tube boilers in four boiler rooms	rooms	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
From 2013, the league generates €2.2 billion per year in domestic and international television rights. Premier League clubs agreed in principle in December 2012, to radical new cost controls. The two proposals consist of a break even rule and a cap on the amount clubs	clubs	NOUN	can	AUX	 can
Gold and additional secondary items can be found by defeating enemies and opening treasure chests. With gold, players can buy additional items and better equipment in shops and restore their life meter in hospitals. Shops are normally designated as doors with windows on them, located in	in	ADP	town	NOUN	 town
Former CBS executive Mike Dann left commercial television to become vice president of the CTW and Cooney's assistant, and began what Charlotte Cole, vice president for the CTW's International Research department in 2001, called the " globalization " of Sesame Street by arranging what came	came	VERB	to	PART	 to
By chance he ordered cockles for lunch and the smell brought back a memory of the seaside town of Morecambe: this gave him " the idea of a faded North Country accent and the suggestion of a scrappy moustache ". So important was the voice as the starting	starting	NOUN	point	NOUN	 point
On January 12, the group stumbled into a Miwok camp looking so deteriorated that the Native Americans initially fled. The Miwoks gave them what they had to eat: acorns, grass, and pine nuts. After a few days, Eddy continued on with the help	help	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
He was a lifelong pious Methodist. In 1852, the family moved from Niles to Poland, Ohio so that their children could attend the better school there. Graduating in 1859, he enrolled the following year at Allegheny College in Meadville, Pennsylvania. He remained at	at	ADP	Allegheny	PROPN	 Allegheny
" Gilmour and Waters repeatedly said that they had no plans to reunite with the surviving former members. Barrett died on 7 July 2006, at his home in Cambridge, aged 60. His family interred him at Cambridge Crematorium on 18 July 2006; no Pink Floyd	Floyd	PROPN	members	NOUN	 members
As stipulated, the IOC granted them the right to use the Olympic rings on their candidature emblem, together with a label identifying each as a Candidate City. By 15 November 2004, all candidates had submitted their candidature files to the IOC. After a period of	of	ADP	analysis	NOUN	 analysis
The council was not reconstituted before the District of Keewatin was ceded back to the Northwest Territories in 1905. All matters of administration were handled by the Government of Canada and the Lieutenant Governor of Manitoba. The new district of Keewatin was separate from the North West Territories	Territories	PROPN	.	PUNCT	.
It was followed by " Starlight " and " Supermassive Black Hole ". " Starlight " was their most popular single in the U.S. at that point, reaching number two on the Modern Rock Tracks. The album became Muse's first top ten entry in the U.S.	U.S.	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
Rabid wolves usually act alone, travelling large distances and often biting large numbers of people and domestic animals. Most rabid wolf attacks occur in the spring and autumn periods. Unlike with predatory attacks, the victims of rabid wolves are not eaten, and the attacks generally	generally	ADV	only	ADV	 only
The drink's anonymity outside Canada has come in spite of concerted marketing efforts. Producers of clam tomato juices have speculated that their beverages have been hampered by what they describe as the " clam barrier ". They have found that consumers in the United States fear that	that	SCONJ	there	PRON	 there
" Small Victories " and the SG 1 season 4 finale " Exodus " were nominated for a 2001 Emmy in the category " Outstanding Special Visual Effects for a Series ", but they lost to Star Trek: Voyager's " Endgame ". " Small Victories "	"	PUNCT	was	AUX	 was
This study also indicated that the location of the garden shown on the maps is in a dry and rocky environment which does not fit he description of the French... The stone layout found in 2002 is probably an uncompleted structure associated with the late 19th and early 20th	20th	ADJ	century	NOUN	 century
On 16 February, he was sent off for the first time in his career after seeing two yellow cards in United's 3 – 2 win over A.C. Milan at the San Siro. The midfielder was shown a second yellow card in injury time after flicking the ball	ball	NOUN	away	ADV	 away
It was serialized in Weekly Shōnen Magazine from October 21, 1998 to October 31, 2001, with the chapters collected into 14 tankōbon volumes by Kodansha. The series tells the story of Keitarō Urashima and his attempts to find the girl with whom he made a childhood	childhood	NOUN	promise	NOUN	 promise
Similar to the previous game, Dan's health is determined by a single health bar, which reduces when Dan is hit. It also depletes completely if he drowns or falls from a great height. If Dan completely runs out of health, the game restarts from	from	ADP	the	DET	 the
On September 11, 2007, Harper visited Australia and addressed its parliament. On January 20, 2014, Harper addressed the Israeli Knesset in Givat Ram, Jerusalem. During mid 2015, Harper repeatedly voiced his opinion that Russia should be excluded from association with the G7	G7	PROPN	group	NOUN	 group
D.C. United won the MLS Cup in three of the league's first four seasons. The league added its first two expansion teams in 1998 — the Miami Fusion and the Chicago Fire; the Chicago Fire won its first title in its inaugural season. After its first	first	ADJ	season	NOUN	 season
In 2005, a DualDisc release included the original album, a digital remastering in 5.1 Surround Sound and LPCM Stereo, and a 25 minute documentary Made in Heaven about the making and influence of Kind of Blue. Kind of Blue has also been re released on a	a	DET	rare	ADJ	 rare
Shortly after the events of Baldur's Gate, the hero and companions are overcome and taken captive. When the game opens, the hero awakens in a cage, and is shortly thereafter experimented upon by a wizard named Jon Irenicus. Irenicus is distracted as his complex	complex	NOUN	is	AUX	 is
The idea came directly from his aversion to seeing the Hollywood formula of " the little blonde girl who goes into a dark alley and gets killed in every horror movie ". Whedon said he wanted to subvert the idea and create someone who was a hero. This	This	DET	conception	NOUN	 conception
A reviewer for Billboard noted that with this album, Higgins was trying to broaden her market and said that On a Clear Night would appeal to fans of KT Tunstall and the " Grey's Anatomy soundtrack crowd ". They said that " Steer " was a highlight	highlight	NOUN	and	CCONJ	 and
ARCHER did not locate Mr. Fossett, but was instrumental in uncovering eight previously uncharted crash sites in the high desert area of Nevada, some decades old. Col. Alexa described the system to the press in 2007: " The human eye sees basically three bands of	of	ADP	light	NOUN	 light
That summer, he saw fast bowler Michael Holding take 14 wickets in the 1976 Oval Test match, a performance of pace bowling referred to as " devastating " by cricket writer Norman Preston, which made a lasting impression on Agnew. More than 30 years later he	he	PRON	wrote	VERB	 wrote
A fourth repetition is, rather radically for its time, spared by showing the kidnapper's return to her room followed by a shot of the reunited family. With its form and structure in consideration, Rescued by Rover shows a growing understanding among directors of how stories	stories	NOUN	can	AUX	 can
On his return to Britain, Le Mesurier returned to acting, although he initially struggled for work, finding only a few minor roles. In February 1948 he made his film debut in the second feature comedy short Death in the Hand, which starred Esme Percy and	and	CCONJ	Ernest	PROPN	 Ernest
Indeed, Van Dijk did not reach the podium in any event. In spite of her disappointing performance in Pruszków, Van Dijk was approached by, and soon agreed to join, the professional road cycling team Team Columbia – High Road Women. Although the name of	of	ADP	the	DET	 the
That's one thing. Number two, why was this person, this one of the six around to commit this hideous crime? He was out because he had a 31 count indictment for the rape of a child, and he was out on $15,000 bail	bail	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
The Florida Marlins signed Bautista on June 21, 2000, and assigned him to the Gulf Coast Marlins, their rookie level minor league affiliate. He started 11 games for the Marlins, posting a 6 – 2 win – loss record with an earned run average (	(	PUNCT	ERA	PROPN	ERA
Interpretation of this figure varies; while some suggest that he express his interest and support for the Constitution, which he sees as a promise of further reforms that will improve the situation of the Jews — the Constitution had not addressed them in any significant way — others	others	NOUN	put	VERB	 put
Her work has earned her several awards and nominations, including one Grammy Award, one MOBO Awards, one Stellar Awards, and one Gospel Touch Music Awards, winning in total 10 international awards from 28 worldwide nomination as a solo artist. Williams also transitioned into theater	theater	NOUN	acting	NOUN	 acting
On 13 November 2010, they played their last concert, signifying their disbandment. In November the following year, Dino Scatena, a rock music journalist, and the band, published a biography, Footprints: the inside story of Australia's best loved band. Powderfinger	Powderfinger	PROPN	were	AUX	 were
In October 2009, the final action scenes of the climax involving Karthi and Milind Soman were filmed in Mumbai and its suburbs in a ten day schedule, following which a rain song (" Adada Mazhaida "), featuring Karthi and Tamannaah, was shot at the	the	DET	Athirappilly	PROPN	 Athirappilly
DiCaprio's performance in The Departed was applauded by critics and earned him a Satellite Award for Best Supporting Actor. The same year, both the Golden Globes and the Screen Actors Guild nominated DiCaprio twice in the Best Actor category for both of his 2006 features, and	and	CCONJ	in	ADP	 in
In its review of Nothing, Allmusic describes Meshuggah as " masterminds of cosmic calculus metal — call it Einstein metal if you want ". Meshuggah's early output was also considered alternative metal. Meshuggah creates a recognizable sonic imprint and distinct style. Trademarks and characteristics that	that	PRON	define	VERB	 define
James said he " put himself in harms way " to save Nicole. In 2009, James told Inside Soap that Nicole and Geoff had a strong friendship underneath their romance. She also described their compatibility stating: " They're complete opposites, which works well for	for	ADP	them	PRON	 them
This classification is still used, except that the bamboo lemurs were moved back to Lemuridae. From the 1970s to the 1990s, there have been suggestions that the ruffed lemurs might be related to indriids or a sister group to Lemuridae and Indriidae and that the bamboo lemurs	lemurs	NOUN	are	AUX	 are
Megan Hilty and original Broadway standby Eden Espinosa were Glinda and Elphaba respectively while Carol Kane was Madame Morrible, Timothy Britten Parker was Doctor Dillamond, Jenna Leigh Green was Nessarose, Adam Wylie was Boq, Kristoffer Cusick was Fiyero, and John Rubinstein was the Wizard.	.	PUNCT	The	DET	 The
One of his main achievements was ensuring Barça acquire its own stadium and thus generate a stable income. On 14 March 1909 the team moved into the Camp de la Indústria, a stadium with a capacity of 8,000. To celebrate their new surroundings, the club conducted	conducted	VERB	a	DET	 a
To conclude the season, Washington, then number 13, upset the Texas Longhorns 14 – 7 with Tyler rushing 19 times for 70 yards. Going into his senior season, Tyler, wearing a jersey number of 45, was the school's seventh leading rusher.	.	PUNCT	Tyler	PROPN	 Tyler
It was briefly revived through reprints in 1955, and all six issues were reprinted in a hardcover edition by Marvel Comics in 1991 with an introduction by Jim Simon. Western style adventures involving boys in ranch settings were already present in American popular culture with the juvenile fiction	fiction	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
Lennon initially resisted his attempts to encourage the band to present a professional appearance, but eventually complied, saying, " I'll wear a bloody balloon if somebody's going to pay me ". McCartney took over on bass after Sutcliffe decided to stay in Hamburg,	,	PUNCT	and	CCONJ	 and
Although the theoretical membership of the council was relatively large, at around 30 persons, most of the business was carried out by an informal inner group, consisting mainly of the officers of state. Before 1610 the council was presided over by the Lord Chancellor, but	but	CCONJ	in	ADP	 in
Russia plans to set up an overall solar capacity of 150 MW by 2020. Plans for the construction of a new solar plant on the Black Sea have been announced and the plant is expected to begin operations by 2012. This plant, which will have a capacity	capacity	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
" Daredevil received mixed reviews from critics. The review aggregation website Rotten Tomatoes reported that 44% of critics gave the film positive feedback, based on 221 reviews, with the critical consensus reading, " While Ben Affleck fits the role and the story is sporadically interesting	interesting	ADJ	,	PUNCT	,
QinetiQ, TRE's successor company, remains the town's largest local employer. Malvern is the largest place in the parliamentary constituency of West Worcestershire and the district of Malvern Hills, being also the district's administrative seat. It lies adjacent to the Malvern Hills Area	Area	PROPN	of	ADP	 of
Eventually, the crowd joined in; the film was edited to disguise the fact that the singing was organised. The concert was first broadcast on 8, 9 and 10 July 1983 on NBC's radio network The Source under the title War Is Declared. The broadcast	broadcast	NOUN	was	AUX	 was
The architecture of Kuala Lumpur is a mixture of old colonial influences, Asian traditions, Malay Islamic inspirations, modern, and postmodern architecture mix. Being a relatively young city compared with other Southeast Asian capitals such as Bangkok, Jakarta and Manila, most of Kuala Lumpur	Lumpur	PROPN	's	PART	's
" So Seductive " was nominated for best " Club Banger " at the 2005 Vibe Awards, but lost to " 1 Thing " by Amerie. On December 31, 2002, G Unit rappers Tony Yayo and 50 Cent were arrested for illegal weapon possession. Following	Following	VERB	a	DET	 a
When Mary started to cry again, he said, " Madam, in God's presence I speak: I never delighted in the weeping of any of God's creatures; yea I can scarcely well abide the tears of my own boys whom my own hand corrects	corrects	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
" His cricketing talent was encouraged at school; he first attended Barrett Street School and then St. Thomas's School in Portman Square. Both schools had headmasters who were sports enthusiasts, and at St. Thomas's the headmaster, Mr. Despicht, offered a penny to any	any	DET	schoolboy	NOUN	 schoolboy
She often concluded memoranda with personal good wishes, and Woolley reciprocated. After Woolley resigned in August 1916, O'Reilly served as acting director for part of the time until Woolley's successor Friedrich Johannes Hugo von Engelken took office the next month, though Adjuster of the Bureau	Bureau	PROPN	of	ADP	 of
From here north, M 129 follows the Michigan Meridian on Meridian Road. The highway forms part of the north – south Mackinac – Chippewa county line as it approaches the community of Pickford. South of Pickford, M 129 and M 48 merge along Meridian Road at	at	ADP	26	NUM	 26
On the other side of the debate, those in favor of animal testing held that experiments on animals were necessary to advance medical and biological knowledge. Claude Bernard — who is sometimes known as the " prince of vivisectors " and the father of physiology, and whose	whose	DET	wife	NOUN	 wife
Under Article XXXI of the Armistice the Germans were not permitted to destroy their ships. Both Admirals Beatty and Madden had approved plans to seize the German ships in case scuttling was attempted; Admirals Keyes and Leveson recommended that the ships be seized anyway and the crews interned	interned	VERB	ashore	ADV	 ashore
Inspired, David assembled a team, including producer Lawrence Bender and former president of eBay Jeffrey Skoll, who met with Gore about the possibility of making the slide show into a movie. It took some convincing. The slide show, she says, " was his	his	PRON	baby	NOUN	 baby
The reviewer also compared the hairstyle of Spears during the housewife scenes to Marilyn Monroe. Spears performed the song during 2009's The Circus Starring Britney Spears. After a performance of " Boys " from Britney, Spears performed a military drill with her male dancers, which	which	PRON	ended	VERB	 ended
In August 1919, he became private secretary and speech writer to politician John Storey, a prominent member of the centre left Australian Labor Party then in opposition to New South Wales ' Nationalist government. Representing the Sydney suburb of Balmain on the New South Wales Legislative Assembly	Assembly	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
The bushy tail reaches the heel, and is 20 – 25 cm (7.9 – 9.8 in) long. The sensitive ears are large and lined with white hair. The coat is grey to brown, marked with two to five poorly defined white strips extending from	from	ADP	the	DET	 the
Lou Lumenick of the New York Post named it the ninth best film of 2007. Ebert gave the film 3.5 stars out of 4, saying that there was " a lot of craft and slyness lurking beneath the circa 1960s goofiness, " also stating that " The	The	DET	point	NOUN	 point
Stations include classic rock formats of KOOL FM and KSLX FM, to pop stations like KYOT FM and alternative stations like KDKB FM, to the talk radio of KFYI AM, the Christian programming of KZZP FM and KALV FM, and the country sounds of KMLE FM	FM	PROPN	.	PUNCT	.
Excavation of the second bore began on 26 September 2012 and finished on 25 February 2013. The 730,000 m3 (26,000,000 cu ft) of earth excavated during tunneling was used to construct embankments in nearby sections of the LGV Est line. In total, 30,960 precast concrete	concrete	ADJ	lining	NOUN	 lining
Beating him again and again many cried. When he once sat without moving his body many cut his flesh, tore his hair under pain, or covered him with dust. Throwing him up they let him fall, or disturbed him in his religious postures; abandoning	abandoning	VERB	the	DET	 the
He was 39, an early retirement age for the period. He played one further match in 1957 for MCC against Lancashire, and two matches in 1960 for MCC and L. C. Stevens ' XI. In all first class cricket, he scored 40,140 runs at an	an	DET	average	NOUN	 average
The planet's orbital inclination is 89.65º, or almost edge on with respect to Earth and to Kepler 10. Transits have been observed at points where Kepler 10c has crossed in front of its host star. Kepler 10c has a mass of 15 – 19 Earth masses	masses	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
To the south is the historic area of Wolf Point at the confluence of the main stem of the Chicago River with the north and south branches, and to the east is 350 West Mart Center and Merchandise Mart. The railroad track across the bridge is a spur	spur	NOUN	line	NOUN	 line
" Roger Ebert of the Chicago Sun Times gave the film four out of four stars, saying " A lot of animated movies have inspired sequels, notably Shrek, but Brad Bird's Ratatouille is the first one that made me positively desire one. " Peter Howell	Howell	PROPN	of	ADP	 of
Another major reason is the lack of evapotranspiration (for example, through lack of vegetation) in urban areas. With a decreased amount of vegetation, cities also lose the shade and cooling effect of trees, and the removal of carbon dioxide. Other causes of a	a	DET	UHI	PROPN	 UHI
Despite the tag " Complete and Unabridged " on the cover, books so labeled were sometimes still abridged. Some important titles in the early D series novels are D 15, which features William S. Burroughs's first novel, Junkie (written under the pseudonym " William	William	PROPN	Lee	PROPN	 Lee
" The priest sends Carrier to the church to pray for forgiveness, where Carrier instead asks God to send " a hundred million moths " to eat his Toronto Maple Leafs sweater. Carrier wrote the story in French, and it first appeared in 1979 under the title	title	NOUN	"	PUNCT	 "
At Victoria Terrace stands Felling post office; a two story course sandstone building with quoins and a Welsh slate roof. Close by is the Imperial Bingo Club, built as a dance hall in 1927 and converted to a bingo hall in 1930, at Victoria Square.	.	PUNCT	Both	PRON	 Both
Tegetthoff immediately ordered his crew to lower boats to pick up the men in the water, but with San Martino fast approaching, he could not leave his ship a stationary target. He instead ordered the small aviso Kaiserin Elizabeth to pick up the Italian survivors, but	but	CCONJ	she	PRON	 she
In English, the question on the ballot asked: Do you agree that Quebec should become sovereign after having made a formal offer to Canada for a new economic and political partnership within the scope of the bill respecting the future of Quebec and of the agreement signed on	on	ADP	June	PROPN	 June
By now the mass of people had grown to over sixty thousand, and the return trip took about nine hours. The procession could seem merry at times, as guardsmen hoisted up loaves of bread stuck on the tips of their bayonets, and some of the market	market	NOUN	women	NOUN	 women
The overall top goalscorer in Recopa Sudamericana history is Rodrigo Palacio, scorer of five goals. Leandro Damião is second with 3 goals. Rodrigo Palacio and Leandro Damião hold the record for the most goals scored in a single Recopa Sudamericana. Each of their three goals was	was	AUX	scored	VERB	 scored
In 1810, he returned to Grenoble to take up a seat as joint professor of Ancient History at the newly reopened Grenoble University. His salary as an assistant professor at Grenoble was fixed at 750 francs, a quarter of the salary received by full professors. Never	Never	ADV	well	ADV	 well
For the ceremony, sailors from HMCS Saguenay provided the guard of honour. Also present were The Royal Canadian Horse Artillery Band, French army engineers, and French Moroccan cavalry who had fought on the site during the Second Battle of Artois. The ceremony itself was broadcast	broadcast	VERB	live	ADV	 live
During winter in captivity, an average red tail will eat about 135 g (4.8 oz) daily. The red tailed hawk commonly employs one of two hunting techniques. Often, they scan for prey activity from an elevated perch site, swooping down from the perch	perch	NOUN	to	PART	 to
In their " Best and Worst of 1989 ", it received awards for " Best Game of the Year " for the NES and " Best Ending in a Video Game " for all consoles. The staff said that Ninja Gaiden " proved to be an instant winner	winner	NOUN	"	PUNCT	 "
It serves as an extension of the freeway portion of Route 42 in Turnersville (which is itself an extension of Interstate 76) southeast to Atlantic City. It connects the Philadelphia metropolitan area with Atlantic City and other Jersey Shore resorts. In addition to providing a route	route	NOUN	between	ADP	 between
Cohen continued saying, " All of our shows [are] heavily color based — everything is rich in color. There is a lot of layering that is not confusing so the purity comes through ". Young programmed the show on a Flying Pig Systems Wholehog II	II	PROPN	console	NOUN	 console
Also the state's proximity to the Roaring forties means there are high quality wind resources for wind farms to exploit. In mid 2009, RenewablesSA was established by the South Australian Government to encourage further investment in renewable energy in the state. The load factor (or	or	CCONJ	capacity	NOUN	 capacity
She was also featured in a one shot special entitled Kitana and Mileena: Sister Act, which explained their past: Mileena is a creation ordered by Shao Kahn, though he would never let her replace Kitana. In Jerome Preisler's novelization of Annihilation, based off	off	ADP	an	DET	 an
He is a patron of The Street League, a UK based charity which organises football matches for homeless people, refugees and asylum seekers. In June 2003, Gilberto travelled to Brazil on tour with 17 Street League players. The tour included a visit to his home	home	NOUN	town	NOUN	 town
(The name Kathy Duquesne is a thinly veiled reference to Kate Kane. In the DVD and Blu ray special features, the producers explain that DC didn't want the filmmakers to use Kate Kane in a family friendly movie due to the violence associated with her character	character	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
Once the Folly had been constructed, he built an all atom brass model of RNase S quite rapidly. This was the method of choice for building protein crystallographic models into electron density until the late 1970s, when it was superseded by molecular computer graphics programs such as	as	ADP	Grip	PROPN	 Grip
MD 382 was removed from Charles County in 1989. That same year, MD 205 was assigned to the westernmost portion of Poplar Hill Road in Beantown and north along two lane Mattawoman – Beantown Road to US 301 and MD 5 at Mattawoman. The route was expanded	expanded	VERB	to	ADP	 to
Certain script material, however, was provided by series co founder Loren Bouchard, who also directed the episode. The pilot also utilized the " Squigglevision " style of animation which was used to produce the show for the entirety of its first season. In its original	original	ADJ	broadcast	NOUN	 broadcast
As there is insufficient evidence to prove Milhouse ate all the food, he is acquitted. The other students are not happy with this verdict and attempt to kill Milhouse, along with Bart and Lisa, who tried to intervene. The other students end up chasing them	them	PRON	into	ADP	 into
Once elected, the mayor serves a four year term; the elected trustees serve four year terms that are staggered. It is the responsibility of the mayor to appoint a village manager, although the manager can not take office until the board has approved the mayor's	's	PART	choice	NOUN	 choice
Released on 23 July 2001 by Epic Records in the United Kingdom, it was the first album by any artist to be simultaneously released on both audio CD and DVD. The record reached number 3 in the UK Albums Chart and includes the singles " Juxtapozed with U	U	PROPN	"	PUNCT	 "
He characterises the alto solos as brief and unremarkable; however, the tenor solo role in Part II is both extensive and demanding, requiring on several occasions to be heard over the choruses. The wide melodic leaps in the Pater Profundus role present particular challenges to the	the	DET	bass	NOUN	 bass
For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 89.1 males. The median income for a household in the city was $33,729, and the median income for a family was $52,288. Males had a median income of $34,710 versus $26,694 for	for	ADP	females	NOUN	 females
Jackson had been studying Centaur for some time, and believed that the wreck was actually another, much smaller ship, the 55 metre long (180 ft) MV Kyogle, a lime freighter purchased by the Royal Australian Air Force and sunk during bombing practice on 12	12	NUM	May	PROPN	 May
The primary goal of peer to peer supervision is to strengthen party members ' subjective responsibility by making them feel collectively responsible for the Party as a whole. This system is supervised by the party committee and the CDI at the next higher level. The jurisdiction of the	the	DET	party	NOUN	 party
Ivan Alexander demanded the extradition of his cousin Šišman, one of the sons of Michael Asen III, threatening the Byzantine government with war. Ivan Alexander's show of force backfired, as the Byzantines managed to see through his intentions and sent against him the fleet of	of	ADP	their	PRON	 their
A 1644 letter from Badoaro to Michelangelo Torcigliani contains the statement " Il ritorno d'Ulisse in patria was embellished with the music of Claudio Monteverdi, a man of great fame and enduring name ". Finally, a 1640 booklet entitled Le Glorie della Musica indicates the Badoaro Monteverdi	Monteverdi	PROPN	pairing	VERB	 pairing
McCain was also up for re election as senator, in 2004. He defeated little known Democratic schoolteacher Stuart Starky with his biggest margin of victory, garnering 77 percent of the vote. In May 2005, McCain led the so called Gang of 14 in the Senate	Senate	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
Under perfect dark sky conditions where all light pollution is absent it might be visible to an experienced observer without the use of a telescope or binoculars. Vesta came to opposition again on 5 August 2011, in the constellation of Capricornus at about magnitude 5.6. Vesta was	was	AUX	at	ADP	 at
Their mystery attacker then ceases fire and reveals herself to be Lana, who has discovered Archer's assignment and decided to put a stop to it. Despite Cyril's concern about being caught with a dead hooker, Lana reveals she is only upset he felt the need	need	NOUN	to	PART	 to
So I was exposed to all these very compassionate musicians at a very young age, and that's always remained in me and seems to surface more as I get older. I think the way we are as we get older is a result of what we knew	knew	VERB	when	SCONJ	 when
The regiment then attacked Massa Lombarda in preparation for a crossing of the Sillaro river, boarding Kangaroo APCs and moving forward. Tiger tanks forced the regiment to dismount and dig in before the Tigers were knocked out by Allied artillery. A and C Squadrons supported the 22nd	22nd	PROPN	Battalion	PROPN	 Battalion
Raimi wanted another villain, and Ben Kingsley was involved in negotiations to play the Vulture before the character was cut. Producer Avi Arad convinced Raimi to include Venom, a character whose perceived " lack of humanity " had initially been criticized by Sam Raimi. Venom's	's	PART	alter	PROPN	 alter
In Gammond's view, the Viennese composer most influenced by Offenbach was Franz von Suppé, who studied Offenbach's works carefully and wrote many successful operettas using them as a model. In his 1957 article, Lubbock wrote, " Offenbach is undoubtedly the most significant figure	figure	NOUN	in	ADP	 in
Before the repairs could be completed, British cruisers located Königsberg, and, unable to steam into the river to destroy her, set up a blockade. After several attempts to sink the ship during the Battle of Rufiji Delta, the British sent two monitors, Mersey	Mersey	PROPN	and	CCONJ	 and
The Dakota called Minnehaha Creek " Wakpa Cistinna ", meaning " Little River ". According to information provided by the National Park Service, an early missionary who had learned the Dakota language wrote: " The Indian name, ' Little Waterfall, ' is given...	...	PUNCT	in	ADP	 in
An editor from the Arizona Daily Star believed " I Could Fall in Love " was targeted more towards adult contemporary radios than R & B and top 40 radio formats that were successful for Gloria Estefan. " I Could Fall in Love " was released as a maxi	maxi	NOUN	single	NOUN	 single
The race came just days after Ballan was again named in the ongoing Mantova doping investigation as a rider who may have perpetrated blood doping while riding for his former team Lampre. Unlike in 2010, when these accusations broke, BMC chose not to suspend Ballan from competition	competition	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
He retired from the Air Force in December 1969, and died in 1984. Alister Murdoch was born on 9 December 1912 in Elsternwick, Victoria, the son of engineer Thomas Murdoch and his wife Kathleen. A lieutenant in the Commonwealth Military Forces at the time of	of	ADP	Alister	PROPN	 Alister
In addition to the games, four manga series and one novelization have been released in the Mana franchise. The Mana series reception has been very uneven, with early games rated higher by critics than more recent titles. Secret of Mana and Seiken Densetsu 3 have been	been	AUX	regarded	VERB	 regarded
He suggests that the Tribal Hidage may have been a tribute list drawn up by Edwin of Northumbria in the 620s, and that it probably originated before 685, after which no Northumbrian king exercised imperium over the Southumbrian kingdoms. According to Higham, the values assigned to	to	ADP	each	DET	 each
Later, with Frederick C. Chromey, Alvarez and Rossi patented a " Vertical Determination Device ", which made use of cosmic ray telescopes. In Eritrea, Rossi discovered another phenomenon that would become a principal theme of his postwar cosmic ray research: extensive cosmic ray air	air	NOUN	showers	NOUN	 showers
In the bombers, this translated to several miles inland, detonating some landmines that were planted by the Germans, but having no real effect on the coastal defenses. Another issue was the equipping of contact fuse bombs instead of time delay fuses in a tradeoff between more	more	ADJ	craters	NOUN	 craters
Galbraith, Eide and Kerestedjiants agreed to deliver the plan to Croatia and the RSK on 21 October, opposed by Owen and Stoltenberg. Owen also asked Vitaly Churkin to instruct his envoy to oppose the delivery. As instructed by Moscow, Kerestedjiants pulled out of the move	move	NOUN	and	CCONJ	 and
With a loss of lateral support across nine floors, column 79 buckled – pulling the east penthouse and nearby columns down with it. With the buckling of these critical columns, the collapse then progressed east to west across the core, ultimately overloading the perimeter support,	,	PUNCT	which	PRON	 which
On Manitoulin Island, where the population is predominantly of Ottawa origin, the language is called " Ottawa ", and has features that set it off from other communities that have significant populations of Southwestern Ojibwe (Chippewa) and Potawatomi descent. In the latter communities the	the	DET	language	NOUN	 language
The demand for workers meant that, in addition to people from other areas of the United Kingdom, large numbers of workers came from other countries. Initially these were Irish but from the late 1880s significant numbers arrived from Poland and Lithuania who were fleeing from persecution and	and	CCONJ	poverty	NOUN	 poverty
Art historian Cornelius Vermeule tied the appearance of the obverse to neoclassicism, noting the resemblance of Gobrecht's Liberty to the marble statues of ancient Rome. The neoclassical school was popular in the first half of the 19th century, and not only among official artists; Vermeule	Vermeule	PROPN	noted	VERB	 noted
An armistice between Germany and the Bolshevik regime came into force on 6 December and peace negotiations began on 22 December 1917 at Brest Litovsk. November 1917 saw the second turning point in the 1917 – 1918 rivalry for the leadership of Finland. After the dissolution of the	the	DET	Finnish	PROPN	 Finnish
Lurking around the house in the rain, throwing a rock through her window, being a peeping Tom, getting revenge and doing stuff that's not really what a nice guy does. " The music video for " Cry Me a River " was released onto the	the	DET	iTunes	PROPN	 iTunes
So someone came and helped me. This is a lot of floor space you know. " Fire Station No. 23 was closed in November 1960 as the Los Angeles Fire Department began replacing older stations with newer stations with modern facilities. At the time of its	its	PRON	closure	NOUN	 closure
On 19 May 1809, 3,000 Serbian revolutionaries led by commander (Serbian: vojvoda, вoјвода) Stevan Sinđelić were attacked by a large Turkish force on Čegar Hill, located close to the city of Niš. Owing to a lack of coordination between Serb commanders, the	the	DET	revolutionaries	NOUN	 revolutionaries
In 2010 a copy of the first edition of Household Management in " top condition " was stated to be worth more than £1,000. In 1863 a revised edition was issued. In 1866, a year after Isabella's death, Samuel was in debt due to	to	ADP	the	DET	 the
During the 2014 spring training, Wacha showed increased confidence in the pitch after finding a consistent grip. Depending on the source, Wacha shows a wide range of potential. Scouting reports initially projected him for a potential of two plus plus pitches (fastball and changeup)	)	PUNCT	with	ADP	 with
The monument is sited in the center of Logan Circle, a traffic circle and public park in the Logan Circle neighborhood. The statue was sculpted by artist Franklin Simmons, whose other prominent works include the Peace Monument and statues in the National Statuary Hall Collection. The	The	DET	architect	NOUN	 architect
Timmy's school teacher, Mr. Denzel Crocker, who has an obsession with proving that fairies are real, is voiced by Carlos Alazraqui. The rock band Kiss made a guest appearance in the trilogy. The band plays the role of the galactic guardians of the white	white	PROPN	wand	PROPN	 wand
The trend toward a coequal legislature continued under the administrations of Brown's two immediate successors, Martha Layne Collins and Wallace Wilkinson, neither of whom was considered a strong executive. The governor is also the most visible state officer and is the center of political attention in	in	ADP	the	DET	 the
Game designers have come up with a variety of navigational aids to solve this problem. A mini map feature is common, while Saints Row and Grand Theft Auto IV go so far as to offer a GPS service. Games without these navigation tools are sometimes criticized as	as	ADP	confusing	ADJ	 confusing
It originally aired on Comedy Central in the United States on February 4, 1998. In the episode, the boys ' class is joined by a new student named Damien, who has been sent by his father Satan to find Jesus and arrange a boxing match between	between	ADP	the	DET	 the
Two styles of watermark were used though the overprinted issues came with the watermarks of the British stamps provided for overprinting by the British Post Office. Oifig an Phoist, the Irish Post Office, was the section of the Department of Posts and Telegraphs which issued all Irish	Irish	ADJ	stamps	NOUN	 stamps
Subsequently, as Weinstein commented to the Washington Post, " for seven months, the only impression people had of the show was based on a two minute tape that looked terrible. Six major publications panned it before they even saw it. " The pilot garnered largely	largely	ADV	negative	ADJ	 negative
Dan can utilise a variety of weapons, including close range weapons such as swords and axes to long ranged weapons such as throwing knives and crossbows. If Dan defeats enough enemies to collect the Chalice of Souls hidden throughout each level, he will be able to travel	travel	VERB	to	ADP	 to
He signed free agent Tony Massenburg for US $1.5 million, just to sign Isaac Austin for US $5.5 million and leave Massenburg on the bench. Griffiths retrospectively stated that the draft conditions from the NBA did not allow the franchise to build a winning team in	in	ADP	years	NOUN	 years
But, people perceive person B as a " problem, whose abilities are hampered by his serious difficulties ". The meaning of the other words in this list also change in the majority of subjects between list A and list B. Words such as " impulsive " and	and	CCONJ	"	PUNCT	 "
A few days after the jirga, Karzai had summoned Atmar and Saleh to discuss the attack against the jirga. After the meeting both men officially resigned because of the failure to stop the attack on the jirga. CNSNews writes: " Saleh told reporters he had submitted	submitted	VERB	his	PRON	 his
Active in the day as well as at night, servals tend to be solitary with minimal social interaction. Both sexes establish highly overlapping home ranges of 10 to 32 square kilometres (3.9 to 12.4 sq mi), and mark them with excrement and saliva. Servals	Servals	NOUN	are	AUX	 are
Rovelstad agreed to allow the coin dealer to purchase 250 pieces at $1 each; he was still selling them in 1948. Other dealers were uninterested in large purchases as the direct sale to collectors meant that few who wanted and could afford the Elgin coin lacked it	it	PRON	.	PUNCT	.
" Tonight's the Night " was later used as the title song for the 1961 album Tonight's the Night, which also included " Will You Love Me Tomorrow " and " Dedicated to the One I Love ". After the success of their singles, the	the	DET	Shirelles	PROPN	 Shirelles
Colbert has made conflicting statements regarding his middle name, which he has at different times stated to be Tyrone (Colbert's actual middle name), Tiberius (like that of Captain James T. Kirk), Lee Harvey, and Qxyzzy. The character has said he	he	PRON	was	AUX	 was
As a free agent, Bako signed with the Los Angeles Dodgers for the 2005 season. He batted.250 for the Dodgers in 13 games with two doubles and four RBIs. He backed up both Jason Phillips and Dioner Navarro in 2005, but underwent season ending surgery on	on	ADP	his	PRON	 his
The idea for the album came from Sangram Surve, CEO of Tripathi's advertisement agency, Think WhyNot. The album had nine songs dedicated to Lord Shiva with several Bollywood singers lending their voices, and was inspired by the different sections and storyline in the books.	.	PUNCT	Titled	VERB	 Titled
In 1909, at the age of forty six, Fetter was awarded an honorary LL.D. from Colgate University, and he was made president of the American Economic Association in 1913. Additional honorary doctoral degrees were conferred on Fetter by Occidental College in 1930 and Indiana University in	in	ADP	1934	NUM	 1934
The ships arrived in Pagan on 12 August. The next day, Spee learned that Japan would enter the war on the side of the Triple Entente and had dispatched a fleet to track his squadron down. Spee therefore decided to take the East Asia Squadron to South	South	PROPN	America	PROPN	 America
Plouffe and David Axelrod had interviewed the finalists and Plouffe said that Bayh's answers were " substantively close to perfect, if cautiously so. " He recalled that at the time of the interview he thought to himself, " there's no way this guy will color	color	VERB	outside	ADP	 outside
The teams dominated the Negro National League in the 1930s and 1940s. Pittsburgh was a Republican stronghold starting in the 1880s, and the Republican governments provided jobs and assistance for the new immigrants in return for their votes. But the Great Depression starting in 1929 ruined the	the	DET	GOP	PROPN	 GOP
Conversely, models of the Solar System's formation predict a collective mass for the Kuiper belt of 30 Earth masses. This missing> 99% of the mass can hardly be dismissed, because it is required for the accretion of any KBOs larger than 100 km (	(	PUNCT	62	NUM	62
Gilbert requested that they cut out the gag, and Grossmith replied: " but I get an enormous laugh by it ". Replied Gilbert: " So you would if you sat on a pork pie. " The actor, famously jittery on opening nights, is	is	AUX	depicted	VERB	 depicted
Both girls played organized hockey in Markham, Ontario. Hodgson grew up in Haliburton, Ontario, with his family until they moved to Markham, Ontario, in 1998. The family would return in the summers to their cottage on Haliburton Lake. Hodgson began playing organized	organized	ADJ	hockey	NOUN	 hockey
Bart discovers that Duncan is a fast runner and suggests that he should be a racehorse. Homer enters Duncan at the Springfield Downs race track, with Bart as the jockey. However, a frightened Duncan loses his first race as he refuses to leave the stall until	until	SCONJ	all	DET	 all
Hardy was berthed in Palma, Majorca on 23 May 1937 when that port was bombed by the Spanish Republican Air Force, but was not damaged. After the end of the Spanish Civil War in 1939, she began a refit in Devonport Dockyard between 2 June and	and	CCONJ	29	NUM	 29
" The book was highlighted among the 100 Notable Books of the Year of The New York Times. Alice McDermott was born in Brooklyn, New York on June 27, 1953. In 1975, McDermott received her B.A. from the State University of New York and her	her	PRON	M.A	PROPN	 M.A
CDOT noted that prior to the retrofit, about 20,000 vehicles per year tripped the alarm. The trucking industry argued that many of these trucks were under the height requirement but tripped the alarm due to their air suspensions (which can be manually lowered for the duration of	of	ADP	the	DET	 the
A gustnado, or gust front tornado, is a small, vertical swirl associated with a gust front or downburst. Because they are not connected with a cloud base, there is some debate as to whether or not gustnadoes are tornadoes. They are formed when fast	fast	ADJ	moving	VERB	 moving
Near Mu is Lambda Muscae, the third brightest star in the constellation and a white main sequence star of spectral type A7V around 128 light years distant from Earth. Located near Alpha is R Muscae, a Classical Cepheid variable ranging from apparent magnitude 5.93 to 6.73 over	over	ADP	7.5	NUM	 7.5
He was making more appearances for the Marylebone Cricket Club (MCC), collecting runs and wickets regularly, but not prolifically. In 1911, when a number of the Middlesex side were missing due to trial matches for England selection, Lee was invited to join the	the	DET	team	NOUN	 team
The battalion arrived at the hill without incident and began to prepare for the attack; however, just prior to the beginning of the attack there were several loud explosions from the rear of the hill. The anti tank grenades carried by the sappers had accidentally detonated,	,	PUNCT	killing	VERB	 killing
It is possible that Santubong was an important seaport in Sarawak during the period, but its importance declined during the Yuan dynasty, and the port was deserted during Ming dynasty. Other archaeological sites in Sarawak include the Kapit, Song, Serian, and Bau districts.	.	PUNCT	During	ADP	 During
The gum was used mainly for varnish. The term may be a source for the nickname " Digger " given to New Zealand soldiers in World War I. In 1898, a gum digger described " the life of a gum digger " as " wretched, and one	one	NUM	of	ADP	 of
He was set to work on this project with Pulitzer Prize winning author Michael Chabon and his wife Ayelet Waldman. In June, 2013, it was announced that HBO had dropped the show and Aronofsky had pulled out, as well. It was also announced that Aronofsky	Aronofsky	PROPN	will	AUX	 will
Some 14 aircraft were destroyed: five Blackburn Sharks, five Fairey Swordfish, and two Fairey Albacore. A further 26 aircraft were damaged but repairable. As well as petrol and oil installations, two hangars, the motor transport hangar, two stores buildings, the ratings	ratings	NOUN	'	PUNCT	 '
Alien Emergencies (2002) contains Ambulance Ship, Sector General and Star Healer. General Practice (2003) contains Code Blue - Emergency and The Genocidal Healer. Tales of Sector General (1999) contains The Galactic Gourmet, Final Diagnosis, and Mind Changer. Notes	Notes	NOUN	:	PUNCT	:
According to The Washington Post, Thriller paved the way for other African American artists to achieve mainstream recognition, such as Prince. " The Girl Is Mine " was credited for getting interracial love on the radio. Time noted, " Jackson is the biggest thing since	since	SCONJ	the	DET	 the
They escaped unscathed, largely because Latour Maubourg ignored them and instead launched his cavalry against the Spanish infantry line. The engagement of the Spanish right flank was not as immediately decisive. Because the fog had lifted, the Spaniards could see the numerical weakness of the opposing	opposing	VERB	force	NOUN	 force
The firebed (grate) air inlet dampers had not been built to the drawings; they were too small, resulting in poor air supply and inefficient combustion. These errors were corrected and the opportunity taken to incorporate some other improvements, including the previously recommended Kylchap exhaust	exhaust	NOUN	system	NOUN	 system
Wiltse pitched on, winning 1 – 0 in ten innings, with the hit batsman the only lapse separating him from a perfect game. On tagging first base after Cabrera's relay, Galarraga began celebrating his accomplishment. His immediate reaction to Joyce's on field ruling	ruling	NOUN	was	AUX	 was
Hoffmann, Hilmar (1997). The Triumph of Propaganda: Film and National Socialism, 1933 – 1945. Berghahn Books. ISBN 978 1 57181 122 6. Kershaw, Ian (2000). Hitler: 1936 – 1945: Nemesis. Norton Publishing. ISBN	ISBN	NOUN	978	NUM	 978
The Dog Beneath the Skin (London, New York, 1935; play, with Christopher Isherwood) (dedicated to Robert Moody). The Ascent of F6 (London, 1936; 2nd edn., 1937; New York, 1937; play, with Christopher	Christopher	PROPN	Isherwood	PROPN	 Isherwood
An account of one such torture and execution at Baroda in 1814 has been preserved in The Percy Anecdotes: The man was a slave, and two days before had murdered his master, brother to a native chieftain, called Ameer Sahib. About eleven o ' clock	clock	NOUN	the	DET	 the
In addition, the governor sent in the 74th and 65th regiments of the New York State Militia, which had not been in federal service, and a section of the 20th Independent Battery, New York Volunteer Artillery from Fort Schuyler in Throgs Neck. The NYSM units	units	NOUN	were	AUX	 were
Several transient features were observed, such as a lava spine nicknamed the " whaleback, " which comprised long shafts of solidified magma being extruded by the pressure of magma beneath. These features were fragile and broke down soon after they were formed. On July 2,	,	PUNCT	2005	NUM	 2005
This work exemplifies Lichtenstein's theme relating to vision. Lichtenstein uses a " mechanical viewing device " to present his depiction of technically aided vision. The depicted mechanical device, a periscope in this case, forces the vision into a monocular format. In some of his	his	PRON	works	NOUN	 works
Puerto Rico won its group, defeating Panama in semifinals and the Dominican Republic in the final to win the gold medal. Barea had averages of 13.8 points per game and led CentroBasket in assists per game with 7.0, earning him inclusion in the tournament's All Star	Star	PROPN	Team	PROPN	 Team
Around this time, Sihanouk made two trips to Saumur, France where he attended military training at the Armoured Cavalry Branch Training School in 1946, and again in 1948. He was made a reserve captain for the French army. In early 1949 Sihanouk traveled to Paris	Paris	PROPN	with	SCONJ	 with
On 1 September she hosted No. 4 Squadron and No. 860 Squadrons, Royal Netherlands Naval Aviation Service (RNNAS) for training, as well as 824 Squadron. Between the three squadrons they had 20 Fireflies and 8 Sea Furies when they participated in the major	major	ADJ	NATO	PROPN	 NATO
Especially retracted (at least on a vowel), e.g. [ø ̠ ̠], though, depending on the font, on a consonant this could be confused with alveolar or alveolarized notation from the extIPA. The transcription of strident and harsh voice as extra creaky	creaky	NOUN	/	PUNCT	 /
The other, White Azaleas, is a more sexually charged nude study of a woman reclining on a couch in Brooks's studio. Contemporary reviews compared it to Francisco de Goya's La maja desnuda and Édouard Manet's Olympia. Unlike the women in those paintings,	,	PUNCT	the	DET	 the
On 18 September 1944, the provisional government formed by the National Committee of the Republic of Estonia in Tallinn re declared the independence of Estonia. Estonian military units clashed with German troops in Tallinn, seizing the state offices at Toompea. The government appealed to the Soviet	Soviet	PROPN	Union	PROPN	 Union
The game was televised on ESPN and drew a television rating of 2.1 for an estimated 3,039,000 viewers. It was a 218% increase in television viewers from the previous season's game. The game started with Maryland receiving the kickoff, which Kenny Tate returned 17 yards	yards	NOUN	to	ADP	 to
However, the single only managed to spend a measly fifteen weeks on the Hot 100, and therefore was ranked at as low as # 92 in the Year End in 2008. " 7 Things " also peaked at number 14 on the now canceled Pop 100 chart	chart	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
Hans Rønning's assignment to officiate the game was viewed by other on ice officials as a nod to organizers from Lillehammer, Norway, who had just won the right to host the 1994 Winter Olympics and were observing the game. At age 38, Rønning expected the	the	DET	1987	NUM	 1987
It had to be a strong willed person, and we felt that Emily's work on Revenge was a great test tube for what this character could be. She's obviously very credible with physicality, she holds the screen really well, and she even looks like	like	ADP	the	DET	 the
The MoD issued a press release with more details later in the day. Several decorations were awarded to the personnel who took part in Operation Barras, including two Conspicuous Gallantry Crosses, five Military Crosses (one of which was awarded to Matthews, who took command of	of	ADP	the	DET	 the
Hershey lost the next day to the Penguins, falling 2 – 1 in overtime after allowing a power play goal with 10.8 seconds left in overtime. In a 3 – 2 shootout win against the Lake Erie Monsters on February 5, Sabourin made 35 saves and the	the	DET	Bears	PROPN	 Bears
Howe also owned a plantation called " Mount Misery " in what was Bladen County. His grandmother had provided Howe with slaves and money with which Howe was intended to build his fortune. Around 1755, Howe captained a militia company in Bladen County, and was appointed	appointed	VERB	a	DET	 a
, with poor staff retention. On November 17, 2011, the Board of Trustees for UNC CH recommended a 15.6 percent increase in tuition tuition increase, a historically larges increase. The budget cuts in 2011 greatly affected the university and set this increased tuition plan in	in	ADP	motion	NOUN	 motion
Robert later recounted in detail, in a charter of December 13, 1335, how one " Nicholas, son of " Radoslav ", saved his life by defending him from the swords of five Wallachian warriors, giving him enough time to escape. Most of the	the	DET	Hungarian	ADJ	 Hungarian
Owing to the interaction of the major Pacific and Australia Plates, much of the regional plate boundary along central South Island is characterised by land deformation. The earthquake was a direct result of strike slip faulting at the eastern end of the rupture zone of another strong magnitude	magnitude	NOUN	6.3	NUM	 6.3
In the US, forensic tools are subjected to the Daubert standard, where the judge is responsible for ensuring that the processes and software used were acceptable. In a 2003 paper Brian Carrier argued that the Daubert guidelines required the code of forensic tools to be published and	and	CCONJ	peer	NOUN	 peer
Powderfinger's band manager, Paul Piticco, stated that Fanning had confirmed that a line in the song was related to the case. However, he added that the lyric in question could refer to " a watchhouse in The Bahamas or something ". In June 2007	2007	NUM	,	PUNCT	,
Hate it or love it, you certainly won't ignore it. " Planet Bollywood gave it 8 of 10 stars, calling " Suraj Hua Maddham " the best song, and the best reason to buy the album. In 2002, Sony released another album titled	titled	VERB	Klub	PROPN	 Klub
Two years later, he challenged incumbent John Hoeppel for the 12th district Democratic nomination. Hoeppel was weakened by a recent conviction for attempting to sell a nomination to West Point and Voorhis won the Democratic nomination, with Hoeppel finishing in third place. Running as a "	"	PUNCT	Progressive	PROPN	 Progressive
An R & B song, " If It's Lovin ' that You Want " is a song about a girl telling a boy that he should make her his girl, because she has what the boy wants. A remix of the song entitled " If It	It	PRON	's	AUX	's
LeDuc departed the AWA in September 1976. Wrestling in Tennessee in 1977, LeDuc teamed with Bob Armstrong to win the NWA Southeast Tag Team Championship in September. They were put over Bob Orton, Jr. and Mr. Knoxville for the belts but lost them in a rematch	rematch	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
Sheppard was imprisoned in Newgate Prison pending his trial at the next Assize of oyer and terminer. He was prosecuted on three charges of theft at the Old Bailey, but was acquitted on the first two due to lack of evidence. Kneebone, Wild and Field gave	gave	VERB	evidence	NOUN	 evidence
In later years, a file of unknown authorship regarding Barnes's behaviour was deposited in the NSWCA library. It accused Barnes of allowing young spectators to enter the playing arena to field the ball instead of doing so himself, and of denigrating umpires by cupping his hands	hands	NOUN	over	ADP	 over
In 1950, a 21 SAS squadron was raised to fight in the Korean War. After three months of training in England, it was informed that the squadron would no longer be required in Korea and so it instead volunteered to fight in the Malayan Emergency. Upon	Upon	SCONJ	arrival	NOUN	 arrival
By 2007, the student population was predominantly middle lower and lower class with 42% and 35% from each background respectively. 42% of the students are between 19 and 22 years of age, 25% between 23 and 25 years, and 17% between	between	ADP	15	NUM	 15
Box Office Mojo estimates that the film sold over 49 million tickets in North America. Frozen is the ninth highest grossing film, the highest grossing animated film, and the highest grossing 2013 film. It is the highest grossing animated film in South Korea, Denmark,	,	PUNCT	and	CCONJ	 and
In January 2009, Ubisoft announced that it had signed a licensing agreement with ABC Studios to develop a video game based on Grey's Anatomy. Designed for the Wii, Nintendo DS, and PC, Grey's Anatomy: The Video Game was released on March 10	10	NUM	,	PUNCT	,
Outlying communities began to depopulate and, by the end of the century, the buildings in the central canyon had been neatly sealed and abandoned. Some scholars suggest that violence and warfare, perhaps involving cannibalism, impelled the evacuations. Hints of such include dismembered bodies —	—	PUNCT	dating	VERB	 dating
Nonetheless, many MacIntyres were in the clan regiment of Stewart of Appin in the campaign of 1745 – 46, but they did not serve as an independent body. At some unknown date the symbolic snowball and calf tokens owed to the Campbells were commuted to payment of	of	ADP	money	NOUN	 money
The Communist Party established the People's Republic of China in Beijing on 1 October 1949, while the ROC government relocated to Taiwan with its present capital in Taipei. Both the ROC and PRC continue to claim to be the legitimate government of all China. China had	had	VERB	the	DET	 the
These new settlements generally lacked justice systems found in populated portions of the territory, such as in the territorial capital in Lewiston, Idaho. In 1863, gold was the preferred form of currency in western frontier communities and had a value, fixed and guaranteed by the	the	DET	U.S.	PROPN	 U.S.
Bob Boilen of NPR wrote, " I simply couldn't believe my eyes and ears. Seeing Jackie Evancho sing for the first time is nearly beyond belief. " He called her voice " beyond beautiful " when she performed " for a stunned audience at the NPR	NPR	PROPN	Music	PROPN	 Music
Earmarking may also be specified in relation to the types of participants covered (e.g. a limit on how many participants a recipient can provide assistance to). This section establishes the fact that, although recipients may receive various federal awards during their lifespan, the individual federal	federal	ADJ	grants	NOUN	 grants
It's a changing time on television because five or ten years ago you wouldn't have a major network show where half of the cast were not white. " Oh's original contract with the show expired after season eight, however, E! Online reported in	in	ADP	May	PROPN	 May
In 1642, at the commencement of the English Civil War, the Royalists took control of the entire county apart from Poole and Lyme Regis. However, within three years their gains had been almost entirely reversed by the Parliamentarians. An uprising of Clubmen — vigilantes weary	weary	ADJ	of	ADP	 of
In the two outer frames his figure is shadowed by arrows, pictorial devices that Bacon often used to place a sense of energy into his paintings. In this work, the arrows point to a man about to die, and according to Tóibín they scream " Here	Here	ADV	!	PUNCT	!
This transition would require military aircraft to file flight plans and obey civilian air traffic controllers. Shortly after the collision, on June 21, 1971, the Airline Pilots Association and Professional Air Traffic Controllers Organization issued a joint statement asking the FAA for a series of safety	safety	NOUN	regulations	NOUN	 regulations
, or, if the " conductivity " of the tube is unknown or unimportant, as E11, E22, etc. Crossover transitions c1 − v2, c2 − v1, etc., are dipole forbidden and thus are extremely weak, but they were possibly observed	observed	VERB	using	VERB	 using
As the character approaches the mountain, they find remnants of a once thriving civilization, eroded by sand over time. Scattered throughout the ruins at the end of each area are stones at which the traveler rests; these stones give the traveler the vision of meeting a	a	DET	larger	ADJ	 larger
It was completed on 8 February 1902, and the LSWR viaduct was widened to serve a greatly enlarged Waterloo station, destroying all traces of the original LNC terminus. The new building was designed for attractiveness and modernity to contrast with the traditional gloomy decor associated with the	the	DET	funeral	NOUN	 funeral
A pair exhibits strong mate and site fidelity once a bond is established. The bulky nest is composed of roots and stems of heather, furze or other plants, and is lined with wool or hair; in central Asia, the hair may be taken from live	live	ADJ	Himalayan	PROPN	 Himalayan
Born in Ujung Pandang, he took up table tennis at the age of ten and rose quickly through national tournaments. He was training to play internationally by 2000, and in 2001 he won his first gold medal, at the SEATTA Games in Singapore. Since 2010	2010	NUM	he	PRON	 he
In a 60 Minutes interview on March 31, 2005, Fonda reiterated that she had no regrets about her trip to North Vietnam in 1972, with the exception of the anti aircraft gun photo. She stated that the incident was a " betrayal " of American forces	forces	NOUN	and	CCONJ	 and
The prison barge was temporarily closed in August 1995 due to less crowded city jails, caused by a decline in arrests and inmate transfers. In late 1996, the prison was slated for reopening due to the rise in arrests from a campaign targeting drugs and drug dealers	dealers	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
MD 410 is county maintained for 0.35 miles (0.56 km) from the Baltimore – Washington Parkway to its turn onto Veterans Parkway in East Riverdale. The highway is a part of the National Highway System as a principal arterial for its entire length except for between US	US	PROPN	50	NUM	 50
John attended Grafton High School, where he attained his leaving certificate. Considered by family to be a " loner ", " a clear thinker ", and a " quite, determined, achiever ", he entered the Royal Military College, Duntroon, in February	February	PROPN	1927	NUM	 1927
At his draft hearing, he honestly informed interviewers that his intention in life was to sample every mind altering substance in existence. Gibson has observed that he " did not literally evade the draft, as they never bothered drafting me "; after the hearing he went	went	VERB	home	ADV	 home
Francique earned a time of 46.15 seconds, which was 1.19 seconds slower than American runner Lashawn Merritt, the first place runner in the heat, who would later earn gold in the event. Overall, Francique ranked 35th of 55 athletes. He did not progress to	to	ADP	quarterfinals	NOUN	 quarterfinals
In 1877, Marsh named two species of Nanosaurus in separate publications, based on partial remains from the Morrison Formation of Garden Park, Colorado. One paper described N. agilis, based on YPM 1913, with remains including impressions of a dentary, and postcranial bits including	including	VERB	an	DET	 an
The New Zealand tour was regarded as a test of Craig as a leader. Wicket keeper Barry Jarman said that Craig " had to do it himself... Iwasn't so dumb that I couldn't see the senior players didn't give him much support ". The senior	senior	ADJ	players	NOUN	 players
Human Rights Watch has stated that the " re education through labor " system violates international law, specifically Article 9 (4.) of the International Covenant on Civil and Political Rights (ICCPR), which provides that " Anyone who is deprived of his liberty by	by	ADP	arrest	NOUN	 arrest
Pentafluorides continue this trend with their linear polymers and oligomeric complexes. Thirteen metal hexafluorides are known, all octahedral, and are mostly volatile solids but for liquid MoF 6 and ReF 6, and gaseous WF 6. Rhenium heptafluoride, the only characterized metal heptafluoride, is	is	AUX	a	DET	 a
The majority of contemporary US reviews were lukewarm towards Revolver, however, in reaction to the publication of Lennon's statement that the Beatles had become more popular than Christ. An exception was New York critic Richard Goldstein, who praised the album as " a revolutionary record	record	NOUN	"	PUNCT	 "
Artist Harvey Cohen, one of the first ISKCON followers, designed a Stanley Mouse inspired promotional poster with a picture of Prabhupada, details of the event, and a request to " bring cushions, drums, bells, cymbals. " To generate interest among members of	of	ADP	the	DET	 the
Bannon has said that he uses his lyrics and Converge to " vent about things in a healthy way so I'm not a person that walks around with a lot of negative energy. " The opening track, " Dark Horse, " was written about the passing	passing	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
According to Klock, his civilian form " visually suggests an impotent, middle aged Clark Kent. " Adrian Veidt / Ozymandias Drawing inspiration from Alexander the Great, Veidt was once the superhero Ozymandias, but has since retired to devote his attention to the running of his	his	PRON	own	ADJ	 own
The idea of conscription ran contrary to British political tradition, but the sheer scale of the Western Front led to its institution in Britain in January 1916. The Rhodesia Herald and Bulawayo Chronicle newspapers broadcast the news in special editions. While some settlers supported the extension of	of	ADP	the	DET	 the
" With this theme of a loss of pleasure and inevitable death, the poem, according to Claude Finney, describes " the inadequacy of the romantic escape from the world of reality to the world of ideal beauty ". Earl Wasserman essentially agrees with Finney, but	but	CCONJ	he	PRON	 he
In a study in Egypt, a species of Hyalomma was dominant in dromedaries, comprising 95.6% of the adult ticks isolated from the camels. In Israel, the number of ticks per camel ranged from 20 to 105. Nine camels in the date palm plantations in	in	ADP	Arava	PROPN	 Arava
Sasha Frere Jones believed the record " isn't so much hip hop as it is a reorganization of the historical flotsam and jetsam that were recycled and turned into hip hop. " Lyrically, New Amerykah Part One is an esoteric concept album with sociopolitical themes and mostly	mostly	ADV	downbeat	ADJ	 downbeat
Sulley's eventual sidekick, Mike Wazowski, had not yet been added. Between 1996 and 2000, the lead monster and child went through radical changes as the story evolved. As the story continued to develop, the child varied in age and gender. Ultimately,	,	PUNCT	the	DET	 the
In classical Japanese, kitsu ne means come and sleep, and ki tsune means always comes. Kitsune are believed to possess superior intelligence, long life, and magical powers. They are a type of yōkai, or spiritual entity, and the word kitsune is often	often	ADV	translated	VERB	 translated
The armour continued forward and aft of the citadel at the lower deck level. Forward it tapered in steps from five inches down to 2.5 inches (64 mm) near the bow. Aft, it protected the steering gear and propeller shafts with 4.5 – 5 inches	inches	NOUN	(	PUNCT	 (
Although Bradman claimed the exchange had been amicable, others disputed this. Teammate Barnes later asserted that Miller had retorted by suggesting Bradman — a very occasional slower bowler — bowl himself. Barnes said the captain " was as wild as a battery stung brumby " and warned	warned	VERB	his	PRON	 his
The odd one out is Jupiter, called צדק Tzedeq or " justice. " Steiglitz suggests that this may be a euphemism for the original name of כוכב בעל Kokhav Ba ' al or " Baal's planet, " seen as idolatrous and euphemized in a similar manner	manner	NOUN	to	ADP	 to
Later, it was occupied by officers from the airfield at Lasham; one commander kept an aircraft in a field towards New Copse and used it as transport to Lasham Airfield. From 1942 – 44 Thedden Grange was used as a prisoner of war camp. During the	the	DET	war	NOUN	 war
This can lead to decreased immune system function. Australian Andrew Biggs of the Bangkok Post wrote that in the past, the phrase was heard exclusively in Hollywood movies and American soap operas. He lamented that by the 1970s, Aussie teenagers were compelled to tell customers to	to	PART	"	PUNCT	 "
Marie: Julien visits Marie and Simon's old apartment, where the letting agent shows him a room that Julien chillingly recognises — it is identical to the room Marie has prepared. This is where Marie hanged herself, trying to frame Simon in revenge after a terrible	terrible	ADJ	row	NOUN	 row
Traffic for 1832 included 7,394 chaldrons of coal, 18,173 quarters of wheat, 7,745 quarters of oats, 19,396 quarters of barley and 4,555 sacks of flour. An additional 1,564 quarters of wheat and 8,194 sacks of flour were carried to or from Foston Mill, reached from	from	ADP	Frodingham	PROPN	 Frodingham
The anti smoking campaign undertaken by the Nazis also included health education. In June 1939, a Bureau against the Hazards of Alcohol and Tobacco was formed and the Reichsstelle für Rauschgiftbekämpfung (Reich Office for Drug Control) also helped in the anti tobacco campaign. Articles advocating	advocating	VERB	nonsmoking	NOUN	 nonsmoking
He met with the Chetnik leader Kerović and arranged for the return of the equipment in exchange for small arms ammunition and boxes of hand grenades. Throughout the remainder of June 1944 and into the first week of July, the division was engaged in fighting off attempted Partisan	Partisan	PROPN	incursions	NOUN	 incursions
Troy could take $50 and I wouldn't regret it. " The following year, Bana co starred with Daniel Craig and Geoffrey Rush in Steven Spielberg's controversial film Munich. Bana played Avner, a Mossad agent, who is ordered to track down and kill	kill	VERB	the	DET	 the
They make it back in time to stop Franklin (Mark Burgess), the member carrying the dialing remote, but the other two make it through. Rush is vehemently against the idea of exploring the other addresses, believing that the ship locked them out for a	a	DET	reason	NOUN	 reason
The seeds of S. amara are dispersed by vertebrates, mainly large birds and mammals, including chachalacas, flycatchers, motmots, thrushes, howler monkeys, tamarins and spider monkeys. Leaf cutter ants have also been observed to disperse the seeds and dense seedling carpets form in	in	ADP	areas	NOUN	 areas
Eight months after the sale, Warner quipped, " Who would ever have thought that a butcher boy from Youngstown, Ohio, would end up with twenty four million smackers in his pocket? " At the time of the sale, Warner had earned the distinction of	of	ADP	being	AUX	 being
The regiment sustained losses of 325 killed and over 2,000 wounded in Vietnam. With the withdrawal of the battalion serving in Singapore as part of the Far East Strategic Reserve, 1973 finally saw all units of the regiment stationed in Australia for the first time. Thus began	began	VERB	a	DET	 a
The breed takes the first part of its name from the county of Suffolk in East Anglia, and the name " Punch " from its solid appearance and strength. It is a heavy draught horse which is always chestnut in colour, traditionally spelled " chesnut " by	by	ADP	the	DET	 the
' ' Were the junior Senator from Wisconsin in the pay of the communists, he could not have done a better job for them. ' ' This is a colossal innocence, indeed. ' " On June 11, 1954, Flanders introduced a resolution charging McCarthy	McCarthy	PROPN	“	PUNCT	 “
Terraced gardens were built along the south side of the castle overlooking the estuary, probably including vineyards. De Burgh finally fell out of favour with Henry III; he was imprisoned and then finally stripped of Hadleigh Castle in 1239. For the rest of the century,	,	PUNCT	Hadleigh	PROPN	 Hadleigh
Hurricane One also caused moderate damage in Texas. The season's activity was reflected with a low accumulated cyclone energy (ACE) rating of 31. ACE is, broadly speaking, a measure of the power of the hurricane multiplied by the length of time it existed	existed	VERB	,	PUNCT	,
The production earned a 38.1 rating in Buffalo and 17.7 rating in Pittsburgh, to lead all markets. Westwood One carried a nationwide radio broadcast of the game, as did each team's local announcing team for local networks (Rick Jeanneret and Harry Neale for Buffalo,	,	PUNCT	Mike	PROPN	 Mike
The 3rd Duke of Buckingham chaired the Aylesbury and Buckingham Railway but its management regarded the Tramway as a nuisance. In the 1870s it charged disproportionately high fees for through traffic between the Tramway and the main line with the intention of forcing the Tramway out of business.	.	PUNCT	Relations	NOUN	 Relations
His skill, his perseverance, his address all fit him for the errand. " Peale was willing to go, writing, " a variety of circumstances render me very desirous of vacating the situation that I have held for many years as Manager of the Phila Museum	Museum	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
The most notable of all these revolts was the Babylonian revolt which was led by Nebuchadnezzar III. This revolt occurred when Otanes withdrew much of the army from Babylon to aid Darius in suppressing other revolts. Darius felt that the Babylonian people had taken advantage of him and	and	CCONJ	deceived	VERB	 deceived
According to the descriptive text found in the Atlas database of the exhibited works of art at the Louvre, the women also are wearing a kekryphalos, a hairnet in the Greco Roman hairstyle, and appear to hold a type of flower, perhaps poppy or pomegranate.	.	PUNCT	One	NUM	 One
1,150 t (1,130 long tons) of fuel oil was carried which was originally calculated to provide an endurance of 7,770 nmi (14,390 km; 8,940 mi) at 14 kn (26 km / h; 16 mph), but it was revised downwards to 4,510	4,510	NUM	nmi	NOUN	 nmi
Three graves are claimed as Hasekura's. The most likely is in the outskirts of Osato town (大郷町) in Miyagi. Another is visible in the Buddhist temple of Enfukuji (円長山円福寺) in Miyagi. Another is clearly marked (along with a memorial to PSotelo	PSotelo	PROPN	)	PUNCT	)
In September 1977, the McCartneys had a third child, a son they named James. In November, the Wings song " Mull of Kintyre ", co written with Laine, was quickly becoming one of the best selling singles in UK chart history. The most	most	ADV	successful	ADJ	 successful
For Easter, Sundays are considered to be another part of the festival. For the Ascension which, falling on fortieth day of Easter, will always be on a Thursday, the festival is sometimes transferred to the Seventh Sunday of Easter in addition to or in place	place	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
As a supporter of free speech Spiegelman is opposed to hate speech laws. He wrote a critique in Harper's on the controversial Muhammad cartoons in the Jyllands Posten in 2006; the issue was banned from Indigo – Chapters stores in Canada. Spiegelman criticized American media for	for	ADP	refusing	VERB	 refusing
Working westwards from Paddington, the line crosses the valley of the River Brent on Wharncliffe Viaduct and the River Thames on Maidenhead Railway Bridge, which at the time of construction was the largest span achieved by a brick arch bridge. The line then continues through Sonning Cutting	Cutting	PROPN	before	ADP	 before
On 16 November 1787 he became a member of the Middle Temple, transferring to the Inner Temple in 1793, and worked for two years under Sir George Wood as a special pleader; it was said that he had finished his work as a special pleader faster than	than	ADP	"	PUNCT	 "
In the process he must climb the north face of the Eiger in Switzerland under perilous conditions. Mike Hoover taught Eastwood how to climb during several weeks of preparation at Yosemite in the summer of 1974 before filming commenced in Grindelwald, Switzerland on August 12, 1974.	.	PUNCT	Despite	SCONJ	 Despite
The final selection test is arguably the most gruelling: resistance to interrogation (RTI), lasting for 36 hours. Typically, 15 – 20% of candidates make it through the hill phase selection process. From the approximately 200 candidates, most will drop out within	within	ADP	the	DET	 the
An SD card slot is located behind the cover on the front of the console. The Wii launch package includes the console; a stand to allow the console to be placed vertically; a round, clear stabilizer for the main stand; a Wii Remote; a	a	DET	Nunchuk	PROPN	 Nunchuk
The prison cells typically measured 9 feet (2.7 m) by 5 feet (1.5 m) and 7 feet (2.1 m) high. The cells were primitive and lacked privacy, with a bed, a desk and a washbasin and toilet on the back wall	wall	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
In September 1645 a Parliamentary army under the command of Lord Fairfax and Oliver Cromwell advanced into Somerset, taking Sherborne, Cary and Shepton Mallet before turning to Nunney. Two regiments of soldiers with cannons surrounded the castle on 18 September; when Richard Prater refused to surrender	surrender	VERB	,	PUNCT	,
Schleswig Holstein was the flagship of the fleet until 1932 when she was taken in for another reconstruction that converted her into a training vessel. As a result, Schlesien held the position of fleet flagship afterward. In 1932, Wilhelm Canaris took command of the ship,	,	PUNCT	a	DET	 a
Under Admiral Beatty's direction, the fleet divided into two opposing forces, with " Blue Fleet " representing the German High Seas Fleet, and the " Red Fleet " including the Sixth Battle Squadron, playing the role of the Royal Navy. At a prearranged point	point	NOUN	in	ADP	 in
The ship was en route from Bristol to Waterford and sank within fifteen minutes. The Mate, John Outridge, and two sailors made off in the only lifeboat. Fifteen survivors were later rescued, having clung to the ship's rigging, but fifty four other passengers	passengers	NOUN	were	AUX	 were
Cosima seems to have made little impression on him; in his memoirs he merely recorded that both girls were very shy. As his daughters approached womanhood, Liszt felt that a change in their lives was called for and in 1855 he arranged (over their mother's	's	PART	bitter	ADJ	 bitter
The FAHViewer function, modeled after the PS3's viewer, displays a real time 3 D rendering, if available, of the protein currently being processed. In 2014, a client for the Google Chrome and Chromium web browsers was released, allowing users to run Folding	Folding	VERB	@	ADP	 @
Rachel Brodsky of MTV gave a positive review towards the song, writing " It's true -- we're not totally used to hearing Kelly exploring her country side (though she is from Texas, so go figure), but judging by the vocals on " Do	Do	AUX	n't	PART	n't
De Broc was also accused of seizing a cargo of the archbishop's wine and destroying the ship carrying it. Later in 1170, de Broc was involved in an attempt to keep Becket from returning to England. Working with de Broc were Roger de Pont L '	'	PUNCT	Évêque	PROPN	 Évêque
Matters were not helped by Richard's sale of many royal properties in 1189, and taxation played a much smaller role in royal income than in later centuries. English kings had widespread feudal rights which could be used to generate income, including the scutage system, in	in	ADP	which	PRON	 which
This second scenario appears to produce a dispersion of velocities for the fragments that is more closely matched to the measured velocity dispersion of the family members. The presence of the collisional family could imply that Haumea and its " offspring " might have originated in the scattered disc	disc	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
Forked near the stem, the gills are initially whitish before becoming pale ochraceous buff. There are many lamellulae — small gills that do not extend completely to the stem. The stem is 3 – 6 cm (1.2 – 2.4 in) long and 2 – 3	3	NUM	cm	NOUN	 cm
He won his first indoor NCAA title in the 200 m and was runner up in the 60 m, having set a personal best of 6.59 seconds in the heats. His time of 20.27 seconds in the 200 m final was the fastest indoor run in the world	world	NOUN	that	DET	 that
1765) and his wife Maria Antonia, Max Joseph's sister. In 1769, the reigning Saxon elector, Frederick Augustus III, had married Charles August's sister. Charles August, sometimes called duc de Deux Ponts (a French translation of Zweibrücken, or two	two	NUM	bridges	NOUN	 bridges
The GameCube, GBA, and DS versions were the first, second, and fifth best selling of January 2007 for their respective platforms. By 2 May 2009, the game's worldwide sales had surpassed 8.2 million. It has been certified as part of the budget	budget	NOUN	lines	NOUN	 lines
The perianth is finely furred on the outside, while the pistil is smooth; it is 1.5 – 2.7 cm (5 ⁄ 8 – 1 1 ⁄ 8 in) long. Flowering is followed by the development of seed pods, each capsule is 10 – 18	18	NUM	mm	NOUN	 mm
Stropharia caerulea was officially described by mycologist Hanns Kreisel in 1979 from collections made near Woldegk, Germany. Machiel Noordeloos transferred the species to Psilocybe in 1995, but today this genus is mostly reserved for species that contain the psychoactive compounds psilocybin and psilocin. Although psilocybin had	had	AUX	once	ADV	 once
Worldwide, it is the fifth highest grossing 2009 film and the fifth highest grossing film distributed by Sony / Columbia, behind Sam Raimi's Spider Man trilogy and Skyfall. It is also the second highest grossing film directed by Roland Emmerich, behind Independence Day (1996	1996	NUM	)	PUNCT	)
During the second half, Ono took to the microphone and performed an avant garde set along with the band, finishing with music that consisted mainly of feedback, while she screamed and sang. Ono released her first solo album, Yoko Ono / Plastic Ono Band,	,	PUNCT	in	ADP	 in
The film received positive response from critics and the performances of Nagesh and Balaiah were particularly praised. The Tamil magazine Ananda Vikatan wrote in its review, " Tamil cinema has not witnessed a film like this so far, which did not bore the audience for two and	and	CCONJ	a	DET	 a
Asif added that internally displaced persons would be assisted by the federal and Khyber Pakhtunkhwa governments: " We will try to ensure that the displaced do not have to stay away from their homes for too long. " The combat troops encircled militant bases in the towns of	of	ADP	Mirali	PROPN	 Mirali
The architect, Henry Bacon, wanted to use Colorado Yule marble, while southern Democrats urged using Georgia marble. Taft lobbied for the western stone, and the matter was submitted to the Commission of Fine Arts, which supported Taft and Bacon. The project went forward	forward	ADV	;	PUNCT	;
Comedian and actor Ian Roberts, who worked with Amy Poehler on the Upright Citizens Brigade sketch comedy troupe, also made a cameo at the public meeting as Ian Winston, a man complaining about cursing at the park. During filming, guest star Chris Pratt said Poehler	Poehler	PROPN	"	PUNCT	 "
For the release of the mini album Come On Pilgrim, Thompson adopted the alias " Black Francis ", a name inspired by his father: " he had been saving that name in case he had another son ". In 1988, the Pixies recorded their debut	debut	NOUN	album	NOUN	 album
She would later claim that Jackson had tried to kidnap and kill her. The rest of the family disowned her, and in subsequent years she would insist that she was forced to make the allegations by her then husband for financial gain. Just prior to making the	the	DET	allegations	NOUN	 allegations
The tracks were left in the soft and wet mud of shallow or freshly dried up points along a river and subsequently filled up with sand. Today only the sand infill remains, with the encasing mudstone having been eroded away. The best preserved footprint measures 63 cm	cm	NOUN	(	PUNCT	 (
Impressed by the group's rendition, Dylan enthusiastically commented " Wow, man! You can dance to that! ", and his ringing endorsement erased any lingering doubts that the band had over the song's suitability. Soon after, inspired by the Beatles ' film	film	NOUN	A	DET	 A
For season three, Mack wanted the character to be given a major obstacle to overcome, something that would help the character mature. The obstacle in question became Lionel's control over Chloe, after she made a deal to spy on Clark. Allison Mack believes that	that	SCONJ	Chloe	PROPN	 Chloe
Rainfall rates of over 210 millimetres (8.3 in) occurred over 3 hours in a 40 km (25 mi) stretch of land. Along a 60 km (37 mi) portion of the coast, 3.7 m (12 ft) waves accompanied a 2 m	m	NOUN	(	PUNCT	 (
" Reaction among Vietnamese Americans to McCain's use of this term was mixed although supportive of McCain himself, and exit polls in the primary in California showed that they strongly supported him. This was not the first or the last example of controversial remarks by McCain.	.	PUNCT	A	DET	 A
On 17 February 2015, in his 100th Champions League appearance, Alonso was sent off for a second bookable offense in a 0 – 0 draw against Shakhtar Donetsk. Alonso was suspended for the return leg of the fixture, which Bayern won 7 – 0. Alonso	Alonso	PROPN	would	AUX	 would
Leschi also has a 55 foot (17 m) telescoping crane with ladder and fire line for use against container ship fires and the ship is able to douse itself with a cooling fog to allow for operation directly adjacent to a major fire. In addition to marine	marine	PROPN	firefighting	PROPN	 firefighting
Neither pilot aboard Flight 159 initially saw how close DAL 379 was to the runway. As Flight 159 sped down the runway, the captain observed that the DC 9 was " off the runway " by only " five, six, seven feet or something of that	that	DET	nature	NOUN	 nature
David Frith wrote of Bill Brown's memories of Barnes as a person, and his controversial fielding: ' Bagga ' Barnes was also Bill's room mate, and his affection for his late lamented pal, a lovable rogue, was obvious. He recalled the furore	furore	NOUN	over	ADP	 over
Asperger was investigating an ASD now known as Asperger syndrome, though for various reasons it was not widely recognized as a separate diagnosis until 1981. Leo Kanner of the Johns Hopkins Hospital first used autism in its modern sense in English when he introduced the label early infantile	infantile	ADJ	autism	NOUN	 autism
These lobes are smaller toward the petiole and apex of the leaf. In the Margaret River region, Banksia ilicifolia has been confused with Banksia sessilis var. cordata as both have prickly foliage and domed flowerheads. However, the former grows on deep sand while the latter	latter	ADJ	grows	VERB	 grows
There, Lautrec was reinforced by the arrival of fresh Swiss mercenaries; but, having no money available to pay them, he gave in to their demands to engage the Imperial forces immediately. On 27 April 1522, he attacked Colonna's combined Imperial and Papal army	army	NOUN	near	ADP	 near
Objections to all these procedures have been raised by animal rights groups, but farmers defend them by saying they solve many practical and veterinary problems, and inflict only temporary pain. Sheep may fall victim to poisons, infectious diseases, and physical injuries. As a prey	prey	NOUN	species	NOUN	 species
Jack Fingleton said that he had never " known a more enjoyable hour " of " delectable cricket ". The momentum swung and Australia finished at 457 on the fourth day, having added almost 396 in one day's play. Miller took 1 / 53 in the	the	DET	second	ADJ	 second
On January 11, 2013, it was announced that guitarist Jon Donais would be joining Anthrax on their upcoming Metal Alliance Tour and on August 13, 2013 Donais was confirmed as a full Anthrax member. On June 28, 2014, Shadows Fall performed with the bands	bands	NOUN	Black	PROPN	 Black
The single was made available for digital download on 20 August 2014. " Give Me Your Everything " was written by Stan, Serban Cazan, LeAnna James, Naz Tokio and Andrei Mihai, while production was handled by Cazan alone. A music video for the song	song	NOUN	was	AUX	 was
Martinique, like nearby Guadeloupe, was a major threat to British trade in the Caribbean, providing a sheltered base from which privateers and French Navy warships could raid British shipping and disrupt the trade routes that maintained the British economy. The islands also provided a focus for	for	ADP	larger	ADJ	 larger
For most of the five series, each book concerns Tom's latest invention, and its role either in solving a problem or mystery, or in assisting Tom in feats of exploration or rescue. Often Tom must protect his new invention from villains " intent on stealing	stealing	VERB	Tom	PROPN	 Tom
Bist du keusch? "), but she can not resist his power. Klingsor observes that Parsifal is approaching and summons his enchanted knights to fight the boy. Klingsor watches as Parsifal overcomes his knights, and they flee. Klingsor wishes destruction on their whole race	race	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
Excavations within the walls also revealed a section of the early medieval town. Today, many artefacts found at Volubilis can be seen on display in the Rabat Archaeological Museum. UNESCO listed Volubilis as a World Heritage Site in 1997. In the 1980s, the International Council	Council	PROPN	on	ADP	 on
Although dietary antioxidants have been investigated for potential effects on neurodegenerative diseases such as Alzheimer's disease, Parkinson's disease, and amyotrophic lateral sclerosis, these studies have been inconclusive. Tirilazad is an antioxidant steroid derivative that inhibits the lipid peroxidation that is believed to play a	a	DET	key	NOUN	 key
Both of these observations are used to estimate the intensity of tropical cyclones via Dvorak analysis. Eyewalls are typically circular; however, distinctly polygonal shapes ranging from triangles to hexagons occasionally occur. While typical mature storms have eyes that are a few dozen miles across, rapidly	rapidly	ADV	intensifying	VERB	 intensifying
The new brass is marketed under the name EnviroBrass. Like lead and sulfur, selenium improves the machinability of steel at concentrations around 0.15%. Selenium produces the same machinability improvement in copper alloys. Copper indium gallium selenide is a material used in solar cells. Small	Small	ADJ	amounts	NOUN	 amounts
Resurrected, he returns to Earth and defeats the four Kryptonians. The script ends with Superman flying off to Krypton in a spaceship. Brett Ratner was hired to direct in September 2002, originally expressing an interest in casting an unknown for the lead role, while filming	filming	NOUN	was	AUX	 was
" In chapter 49, High describes the death of the god Baldr. Hermóðr agrees to ride to Hel to offer a ransom for Baldr's return, and so " then Odin's horse Sleipnir was fetched and led forward. " Hermóðr mounts Sleipnir and rides away	away	ADV	.	PUNCT	.
This improved the track layout and extended the original office building to provide covered accommodation for passengers and a shop. As passenger numbers continued to grow during the late 1960s it became clear that further motive power was needed, especially as the rebuilt No. 1 was not	not	PART	performing	VERB	 performing
He arranged for the 1915 publication of Eliot's " The Love Song of J. Alfred Prufrock " and the serialization from 1918 of Joyce's Ulysses. Hemingway wrote of him in 1925: " He defends [his friends] when they are attacked, he gets them	them	PRON	into	ADP	 into
In late 1941, the Japanese entered the war, attacking Pearl Harbor and launching an invasion of Malaya. Faced with a threat closer to home, the Australian government pressed for the return of its troops from the Middle East, and so in early 1942 the 7th	7th	PROPN	Division	PROPN	 Division
He is taken away, with the possibility that he will be euthanised, but Gus and Deano Wicks (Matt Di Angelo) launch a campaign to save him, under the moniker " Walford One Owed Freedom " (WOOF). When Wellard is put on trial	trial	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
Because the episode involved an abnormal, Egan wanted the boy to draw much faster. In writing " Warriors ", Egan wanted to reintroduce Magnus ' father Gregory Magnus from the webisodes; there were plans to introduce him in " Fata Morgana ", but the idea	idea	NOUN	did	AUX	 did
The last issue was dated Winter 1955, and the title was then merged with Startling Stories, another of Pines ' science fiction magazines. Startling itself lasted only to the end of 1955 before finally succumbing to the decline of the pulp magazine industry. The editors under	under	ADP	Gernsback	PROPN	 Gernsback
His mastaba tomb is located close to Nepherhetepes's pyramid in Saqqara. Ptahshepses: probably born during the reign of Menkaure, Ptahshepses was high priest of Ptah and royal manicure, later promoted to vizier under king Nyuserre Ini. Sekhemkare: royal prince, son of Khafre	Khafre	PROPN	and	CCONJ	 and
The oceanic microbiome plays a significant role in the ecological biogeochemistry of the planet's oceans. The largest scale of ecological organization is the biosphere: the total sum of ecosystems on the planet. Ecological relationships regulate the flux of energy, nutrients, and climate all the	the	DET	way	NOUN	 way
" New Year's Eve " received mostly positive reviews from critics. According to the Nielsen Media Research, " New Year's Eve " drew 4.28 million viewers and received a 2.0 rating / 5% share in the 18 – 49 demographic, marking a 5%	%	NOUN	rise	NOUN	 rise
He died in December 1166, probably on the 27th, and was buried in Lincoln Cathedral. After Henry I's death in 1135, the succession was disputed as the king's only legitimate son, William, had died in 1120. The main contenders were the	the	DET	king	NOUN	 king
Lenin disliked Paris, lambasting it as " a foul hole ", and while there he sued a motorist who knocked him off his bike. He revived his polemics against the Mensheviks, who objected to his advocacy of violent expropriations and thefts such as the 1907 Tiflis	Tiflis	PROPN	bank	NOUN	 bank
Canada's Walk of Fame accepts nominations for potential inductees from the public year round, culminating with their National Nomination Promotion during the month of April. In 2000, prior to the introduction of the online voting system, over 30,000 nominations were received via letters, fax	fax	NOUN	and	CCONJ	 and
The sailor makes no move to help the drowning Jacques, and Candide is in a state of despair until Pangloss explains to him that Lisbon harbor was created in order for Jacques to drown. Only Pangloss, Candide, and the " brutish sailor " who let Jacques	Jacques	PROPN	drown	INTJ	 drown
He retired and became the Director General of the Royal Tour of Queen Elizabeth II in 1954. He was Chief Executive Officer of the Royal Agricultural Society of New South Wales from 1954 to 1961. Frank Horton Berryman was born in Geelong, Victoria, on 11 April	April	PROPN	1894	NUM	 1894
The band chose Rogerio because of his " MAD Magazine like drawing style. " The cover art specifically features individual elements that correspond with each of the album's twelve songs. Eugene Chadbourne, reviewer for Allmusic, felt that while " Weird Al " Yankovic was a	a	DET	detailed	ADJ	 detailed
H 63 ends on the south side of Sault Ste. Marie. H 63 starts a winding trail at Business Loop I 75 (BL I 75) north of St. Ignace in rural Mackinac County. From there, the highway heads northward towards the Kewadin Casino.	.	PUNCT	The	DET	 The
Gilbert's lyrics served as a model for such 20th century Broadway lyricists as Cole Porter, Ira Gershwin, and Lorenz Hart. Noël Coward wrote: " I was born into a generation that still took light music seriously. The lyrics and melodies of Gilbert and Sullivan	Sullivan	PROPN	were	AUX	 were
" Nothing Fails " began as a humble track that musician producer Guy Sigsworth wrote for his wife. He asked singer Jem Archer to collaborate with him and during their first collaborative session, they wrote a song called " Silly Thing ", inspired by Sigsworth's wife	wife	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
With the release of WWE SmackDown! vs. Raw 2006 was the inclusion of a stamina system, which was a measure of the superstars ' stamina. The stamina system was measured by a meter on the HUD; the meter decreased when performing a variety of moves.	.	PUNCT	The	DET	 The
The original version of the game was released for the Game Boy Advance in Japan on October 12, 2001. The Nintendo DS port, which was titled Gyakuten Saiban: Yomigaeru Gyakuten (逆転裁判 蘇る逆転, " Turnabout Trial: Revived Turnabout "), was released in	in	ADP	Japan	PROPN	 Japan
Each card has a number value determining its attack strength, with multiple cards combining to increase the overall value. The player whose attack value is greater than their opponent's gets to attack with their Spirit. A slowly replenishing meter determines how many cards the player can	can	AUX	send	VERB	 send
When members of the trio died, the poem was often used to memorialize them. All three players were inducted into the National Baseball Hall of Fame in 1946. Their inductions have been credited to the fame generated by Adams ' poem. Andy Coakley, a teammate	teammate	NOUN	with	ADP	 with
On the next play, Alabama committed a five yard false start penalty. Alexander was stopped for no gain on a running play after the penalty, then he picked up nine yards on a running play to the right. On third down, Alexander gained a first	first	ADJ	down	ADP	 down
The ability of an animal's leg to withstand those forces limits its top speed. The running adaptations of Carnotaurus would have been better than those of a human, although not nearly as good as those of an ostrich. Scientists calculate that Carnotaurus had a top speed	speed	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
Cheryl has ditched her street dance gear for a gown fit for a diva along with suitably styled big hair... But as she teams up with Black Eyed Peas rapper will.i.am is sporting a more feminine look. The net result is, sorry to say it, very	very	ADV	regal	ADJ	 regal
In 1514 thousands of peasants who had been summoned to Buda (now Budapest, in modern Hungary) to join the crusade proclaimed by Pope Leo X against the Ottomans turned the weapons against their masters. The rebels, led by the Székely George Dózsa, occupied several	several	ADJ	towns	NOUN	 towns
McMahon served in the Union army during the American Civil War, during which he gained notoriety as a wrestler. On July 22, 1873, McMahon defeated Thomas Copeland to become recognized as the champion of the United States and Canada. The following month, he also	also	ADV	defeated	VERB	 defeated
Steve Jones of USA Today wrote that while the other ballads on the album were not as strong, " ' Unfaithful ', in which [Rihanna] deals with the consequences of her own cheating heart, shows depth ". Celia San Miguel from Vibe magazine praised	praised	VERB	"	PUNCT	 "
The aliens explain that the toys are able to walk and talk due to a request from Giga Robo to the aliens to give them life, and to give all Giga Robos infinite battery power to prevent their energy consumption. The aliens could not do the latter at	at	ADP	the	DET	 the
She is shown performing on a smoky stage in a long, white sequined gown with a group of sailors dancing around her. Victoria Beckham is shown in a missile silo next to a smoking rocket, clad in a black catsuit and with a long ponytail; she	she	PRON	is	AUX	 is
She had to be beached at the island of Bozcaada (Tenedos) to prevent her sinking, as she had taken in some 1,600 long tons (1,600 t) of water, but she was temporarily repaired with a cofferdam over the 30 by 26 feet (9.1	9.1	NUM	m	NOUN	 m
Introduced to hockey by family friends, Bégin began playing at age six and was an offensively minded player in his minor hockey years. He wore second hand equipment as his father struggled to pay the costs of hockey, but from a young age expressed his confidence he	he	PRON	would	AUX	 would
Without hope of relief, and under the agreement that no Scottish soldiers were to be quartered in the city, the garrison surrendered on honourable terms on 16 July. Once York surrendered, the allied army soon dispersed. Leven took his troops north to besiege Newcastle upon	upon	SCONJ	Tyne	PROPN	 Tyne
The Grand River Road, precursor to the modern Grand River Avenue was named by Benjamin Williams, cofounder of Owosso. The original Native American name for the river was Wash ten ong sibi meaning " the river that extends far off ", or " far into the	the	DET	interior	ADJ	 interior
At the same time as their feud with DX and their alignment with McMahon, the team also wrestled other teams in Raw's tag division over the World Tag Team Championship. The group successfully defended the tag team championship against the teams of Jim Duggan and Eugene,	,	PUNCT	Charlie	PROPN	 Charlie
Fitness Sports Instructor Course develops cadets to become a specialist with the skills and subject matter knowledge required to perform the role of a fitness and sports instructor and team leader for fitness and sports activities conducted at the squadron, during regionally directed activities and / or as a	a	DET	Staff	PROPN	 Staff
During the same year, he also received a Commonwealth Scholarship to carry out his doctoral studies at the University of Oxford. Verma completed his D.Phil. in medical oncology at the University of Oxford in 2007, and in January 2008 returned to India to continue his work	work	NOUN	at	ADP	 at
" The Dow Law imposed an annual tax on businesses in the alcohol trade; most of the proceeds would go for poor relief and to the police fund. With Foraker's support, the remaining laws that allowed racial discrimination in Ohio were repealed. Foraker became popular	popular	ADJ	during	ADP	 during
This was done, and Tarquin formed combined units of Roman and Latin troops. Tarquin next began a war against the Volsci. He took the wealthy town of Suessa Pometia, with the spoils of which he commenced the erection of the Temple of Jupiter Optimus Maximus which	which	PRON	his	PRON	 his
Perry first performed " Dark Horse " three days later at the iHeartRadio Music Festival. " Walking on Air " was released as the second promotional single on September 30. The album was released on October 18, 2013. Its album cover, unveiled in a Jumbotron	Jumbotron	PROPN	during	ADP	 during
Scharnhorst took on a list of one degree and was down by the bows by a meter. While the ship was immobilized, Admiral Ciliax transferred to Z29. The engine room crews managed to restart the first turbine at 15: 49, nearly twenty minutes after the	the	DET	mine	NOUN	 mine
Two examples are when the crew of Apollo 12 observed the Earth eclipse the Sun in 1969 and when the Cassini probe observed Saturn eclipsing the Sun in 2006. The Moon's orbit around the Earth is an ellipse, as is the Earth's orbit around the Sun	Sun	PROPN	.	PUNCT	.
News of a move from Bridge Street to Pennywell, Sunderland, was also announced during the anniversary celebrations. The old newspaper building has since been replaced by a modern apartment block. The Echo name still lives on, however, as the project as been named Echo24	Echo24	PROPN	.	PUNCT	.
Where Hergé showed his talent, Peeters thought, was in conveying movement, and in utilising language in a " constantly imaginative " way. He considered the story's " absurdity " to be its best feature, rejecting plausible scenarios in favour of the " joyously bizarre	bizarre	ADJ	"	PUNCT	 "
There are two ways that the two pairs of power conjugate variables can be associated with each other in the analogy. For instance the associations F with v and u with i can be made. However, the alternative associations u with v and F with i are	are	AUX	also	ADV	 also
He reasoned, " You totally destroy your credibility if you show the literal process by which Bruce Wayne becomes Batman. " Hamm replaced Silver St. Cloud with Vicki Vale and Rupert Thorne with his own creation, Carl Grissom. He completed his script in October 1986,	,	PUNCT	which	PRON	 which
The preparations were interrupted at 09: 18 when the first American carrier aircraft to attack were sighted. These consisted of fifteen Douglas TBD Devastator torpedo bombers of VT 8, led by Lieutenant Commander John C. Waldron from the Hornet. The three airborne CAP Zeros were landing	landing	VERB	aboard	ADV	 aboard
When they return home, Zhou begins to drill all of his students in the military arts — eighteen weapons of war, archery, and hand to hand combat. After three years of practice, Zhou enters them into a preliminary military examination in Tangyin in which sixteen	sixteen	NUM	year	NOUN	 year
The hotel's long time operator, Loews Hotels, was replaced by Crestline Hotels & Resorts in 2005, which was in turn replaced by the Davidson Hotel Company in 2010. The L ' Enfant Plaza Hotel features 372 guest rooms, 36 larger " Executive Rooms "	"	PUNCT	,	PUNCT	,
Although Sargsyan criticized the post Soviet privatization by the Ter Petrosyan government, he admitted Armenia had no alternative, and that his government had an enormous amount of work to do. In his speech on 28 July, Sargsyan described the economic situation in Armenia as " extremely	extremely	ADV	difficult	ADJ	 difficult
Global Energías Renovables operates the largest Jatropha farm in the Americas. On August 1, 2011 Aeromexico, Boeing, and the Mexican Government participated in the first biojet powered transcontinental flight in aviation history. The flight from Mexico City to Madrid used a blend of 70 percent	percent	NOUN	traditional	ADJ	 traditional
" Still in use, this trust is generally considered to be the oldest educational trust fund in the United States. Ironically, the trust undermined some of the principles that Clarke cherished, particularly the separation between church and state. While the trust was used to support	support	VERB	ministries	NOUN	 ministries
The Mario Carvajal Library, which was created under the technical advise of the Rockefeller Foundation, is one of the largest university libraries in the country with 18,000 m2 (4.4 acres) of constructed space. The following is a summary of the University of Valle rankings:	:	PUNCT	^	X	 ^
This section of I 194 carries 26,300 vehicles on an average day according to annual average daily traffic surveys done by the Michigan Department of Transportation (MDOT) in 2007. Of these vehicles, 1,200 trucks were included in the totals. After crossing Golden Avenue, I	I	PRON	194	NUM	 194
After completing her schooling in the early 1920s, she got an admission from the Royal Academy of Dramatic Art (RADA) and the Royal Academy of Music in London to study acting and music. She followed that with a course in architecture, textile and decor design	design	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
Plastic guttering and other modern additions were covered up or removed. The churchyard had several gravestones added, including the large box tomb which is a focus of several scenes. Several members of the local community were used as extras in the film, and local children were	were	AUX	recruited	VERB	 recruited
This squadron carried out bombing, offensive patrols and strategic reconnaissances, while the Handley – Page bomber piloted by Ross Smith bombed the central telephone exchange at Afulah, before the artillery bombardment signalled the beginning of battle. Although aircraft flying over the Jisr ed Damieh to Beisan	Beisan	PROPN	road	NOUN	 road
Some lake dwelling forms may become planktonic feeders. In rivers and streams populated with other salmonid species, rainbow trout eat varied fish eggs, including those of salmon, brown and cutthroat trout, mountain whitefish and the eggs of other rainbow trout. Rainbows also consume decomposing	decomposing	VERB	flesh	NOUN	 flesh
' Colin Smythe, his long term friend and agent, donated some pieces of meteoric iron – ' thunderbolt iron ' has a special place in magic and we put that in the smelt, and I remember when we sawed the iron apart it looked like silver.	.	PUNCT	Everything	PRON	 Everything
The call is considered the most reliable means of identification in areas where the forest raven's range overlaps with other corvids. It is a deep and husky " korr korr korr korr " with a similarly drawn out last note to the Australian raven. It can also	also	ADV	utter	VERB	 utter
The majority of original queens are dead by July, “ well before eggs that became autumn reproductive were laid, ” as reproductives emerged from late August through September. Thus, queens must remain alive post June in order to birth future reproductives, and if they are	are	AUX	not	PART	 not
The survivors of the disastrous Pickett's Charge returned under the tune Nearer My God to Thee. At the Battle of Five Forks, Union musicians under orders from Sheridan played Stephen Foster's minstrel song Nelly Bly while being shot at on the front lines. Samuel P.	P.	PROPN	Heintzelman	PROPN	 Heintzelman
The striking appearance, large colourful bill, waddling gait and behaviour of this bird have given rise to nicknames such as " clown of the sea " and " sea parrot ". It is the official bird symbol for the Canadian province of Newfoundland and Labrador. The	The	DET	Atlantic	PROPN	 Atlantic
He noted that, together, both episodes come together to make " a dense première that evokes nearly all aspects of this series. " He was appreciative of the fact that " Jake the Dog " focused " on humor and relationships ", and had various "	"	PUNCT	irreverent	ADJ	 irreverent
During the 1930s Wodehouse's theatrical work tailed off. He wrote or adapted four plays for the West End; Leave it to Psmith (1930), which he adapted in collaboration with Ian Hay, was the only one to have a long run. The reviewer	reviewer	NOUN	in	ADP	 in
In 1893 the congregation sold its building at 4th and Jefferson, and constructed a new one at First and Jefferson. Wise again assisted with the dedication. Wertheimer's wife died young, leaving him with two small children. This tragedy made him question his faith;	;	PUNCT	in	ADP	 in
Writing in 1986, Danny Peary noted, " It's hard to believe that in 1967 we actually waited in anticipation for this so called James Bond spoof. It was a disappointment then; it's a curio today, but just as hard to get through.	.	PUNCT	"	PUNCT	 "
This was more than three times the average for England and Wales (2.5%), and it is expected to grow by a further 16% to 52,100 by 2028. Between 1999 and 2006 there was a net gain of 4,200 people from migration alone (i.e.	i.e.	X	excluding	VERB	 excluding
The Loft Theatre, also located downtown, is the home of the Human Race Theatre Company. The Dayton Playhouse, in West Dayton, is the site of numerous plays and theatrical productions. Between 1957 and 1995, the Kenley Players presented live theater productions in Dayton	Dayton	PROPN	.	PUNCT	.
Prior to europium, the color TV red phosphor was very weak, and the other phosphor colors had to be muted, to maintain color balance. With the brilliant red europium phosphor, it was no longer necessary to mute the other colors, and a much brighter	brighter	ADJ	color	NOUN	 color
He also had environmentalist issues crop up, especially in " The Fear Machine " (issues # 15 22), where John fell in with a travelling community of environmental activists. Indeed, editor Karen Berger noted on Delano's departure the irony that his final issue	issue	NOUN	was	AUX	 was
The names of the family, Regulidae, and its only genus, Regulus, are derived from the Latin regulus, a diminutive of rex, " a king ", and refer to the characteristic orange or yellow crests of adult kinglets. The species name madeirensis is	is	AUX	derived	VERB	 derived
He was named by Newsweek as one of their fifty most powerful people globally in 2008, and his wealth has been estimated at US $400 – 600 million. Khan owns several properties in India and abroad, including a GB £20 million apartment in London,	,	PUNCT	and	CCONJ	 and
The swamp forests contain trees such as Symphonia globulifera, raffia palms and Mitragyna species, and the riverbanks are often lined with arrowroot. This specialised habitat is shared with two other restricted range birds, the Congo sunbird and the Congo martin. The main coastal breeding area	area	NOUN	in	ADP	 in
Approximately 80,000 items on 6,000 sheets may be viewed in 1,000 display frames; 2,400 sheets are from the Tapling Collection. All other material, which covers the whole world, is available to students and researchers. As well as these collections, the library actively acquires literature	literature	NOUN	on	ADP	 on
It deals with the depredations of London Bridge and attempts, realistic or fanciful, to repair it. It may date back to bridge rhymes and games of the late Middle Ages, but the earliest records of the rhyme in English are from the seventeenth century. The	The	DET	lyrics	NOUN	 lyrics
Mulder and Scully head to Virginia to question the Right Hand's leader, Denny Markham (Larry Musser). A search of his fenced off cabin uncovers ammunition and a photograph showing him in the company of a Sergeant Nathaniel Teager (Peter LaCroix). After being	being	AUX	arrested	VERB	 arrested
After selling Max for twenty thousand pounds, Kylie travels abroad, but later reappears during the serial's live episode. She demands more money, which Becky has to steal. In late 2010 Jack P. Shepherd, who plays fellow character David Platt, revealed his desire	desire	NOUN	for	ADP	 for
After a series of night engagements between the leading battleships and British destroyers, the High Seas Fleet punched through the British light forces and reached Horns Reef by 04: 00 on 1 June. The German fleet reached Wilhelmshaven a few hours later; the I Squadron battleships	battleships	NOUN	took	VERB	 took
In the last level, Conan has retrieved all of his armor and returns to Parad Isle to rescue A ' kanna from her father. After a long boss fight and several button pressing sequences, Conan slays the wizard at the bottom of the ocean. Graven's	's	PART	defeat	NOUN	 defeat
" Angels Brought Me Here " peaked at number one on the ARIA Singles Chart. It was the first of 12 top ten and six number one singles for Sebastian in Australia. " Angels Brought Me Here " ' s first week sales were at the time the	the	DET	highest	ADJ	 highest
They then moved to Shandia, a Quechua mission station deep in the Ecuadorian jungle. There they worked under the supervision of a Christian Missions in Many Lands missionary, Wilfred Tidmarsh, and began exposing themselves to the culture and studying the Quechua language. Another team member	member	NOUN	was	AUX	 was
By sheer chance Fitzroy Kelly and Alexander Cockburn, Lord Chief Baron of the Exchequer and Lord Chief Justice of England respectively both died in 1880, allowing the merger of the common law divisions of the Supreme Court into a single division, the Queen's Bench Division,	,	PUNCT	under	ADP	 under
Though the researchers had not intended to perform destructive analysis on the sample, this fracturing warranted the sacrifice of some parts of the specimen for structural and molecular study. Small pieces of the specimen were mounted directly on scanning electron microscopy (SEM) stubs and sputter coated	coated	VERB	with	ADP	 with
Madonna performed " Oh Father " on her 1990 Blond Ambition World Tour with " Live to Tell ", during the second segment of the show. As the performance of " Like a Prayer " ended, Madonna, who was dressed in a clergyman's robe with	with	ADP	a	DET	 a
Cohen's initial vision for Poochie was that he would be annoying to fans because he was wealthy, aloof and unlikeable. In the episode's DVD commentary he read his script for the first cartoon featuring Itchy, Scratchy, and Poochie: As with other episodes centering	centering	VERB	on	ADP	 on
Alumni of the University of Miami include a number of prominent people, including entertainers such as actors and musicians; athletes from Major League Baseball, the National Football League, the National Basketball Association, and the Olympic Games; chief executive officers of various companies; former	former	ADJ	Mayors	PROPN	 Mayors
In the original series, Tom Swift lives in fictional Shopton, New York. He is the son of Barton Swift, the founder of the Swift Construction Company. Tom's mother is deceased, but the housekeeper, Mrs. Baggert, functions as a surrogate mother.	.	PUNCT	Tom	PROPN	 Tom
Less commonly, an aura can occur without a headache, or with a nonmigraine headache. Two other varieties are familial hemiplegic migraine and sporadic hemiplegic migraine, in which a person has migraines with aura and with accompanying motor weakness. If a close relative has had the	the	DET	same	ADJ	 same
Jabara was able to see the first aircraft explode from his gunfire, but he only saw his second victory go into a tailspin as he was avoiding being targeted by another MiG. His fifth and sixth victories made Jabara the first American in history to use jet aircraft to	to	PART	become	VERB	 become
Socialist intellectuals like Otto Neurath had realised that in a completely socialised economy, prices would not exist and central planners would have to resort to in kind (rather than monetary) economic calculation. According to Weber, this type of coordination would be inefficient, especially because	because	SCONJ	it	PRON	 it
Evan Rytlewski of Paste observes unconventional applications of jazz throughout A Love Surreal, but characterizes it as a neo soul album due to its " heady, post Dilla hip hop thump and periodic psychedelic drift ". The songs are interspersed with long instrumental sections during which Bilal	Bilal	PROPN	croons	VERB	 croons
It made its premiere during the June 17, 2010 results show of the seventh season of So You Think You Can Dance, and was introduced by Usher after his performance of " OMG ". It later premiered that night on VEVO and on June 18, 2010	2010	NUM	on	ADP	 on
Dacko told the attaché that he had not been given anything to read for more than two years; the attaché negotiated with the prison head to get Dacko some books. However, Dacko's living conditions failed to improve, and in June 1969, Dacko sent a	a	DET	letter	NOUN	 letter
For lower takeoff speeds the thrust vector is greater. The reaction control system involves a thrusters at key points in the aircraft's fuselage and nose, also the wingtips. Thrust from the engine can be temporarily syphoned to control and correct the aircraft's pitch and roll	roll	NOUN	during	ADP	 during
Banded archerfish are fairly common in the Indo Pacific and are not currently endangered. They have a minor commercial role in fisheries and may be sold fresh in markets or collected for the aquarium trade. Banded archerfish are threatened by the destruction of their mangrove swamp habitat and	and	CCONJ	by	ADP	 by
Throughout his political career Roosevelt championed the cause of human rights. In his annual State of the Union address to Congress of January 6, 1941, which was delivered at a time when Nazi Germany occupied much of Western Europe, he asked the American citizens to support	support	VERB	war	NOUN	 war
On Montserrat, very little damage was reported. A few minor landslides occurred in rural areas; no impact was caused by them. On Nevis there was relatively little damage although the beachfront part of the Four Seasons Resort was severely damaged and was subsequently closed for an	an	DET	extended	ADJ	 extended
At one point, when Leroy Harris was gang tackled following a short reception, the entire Buccaneer defense was penalized for unnecessary roughing. The Buccaneers ' hard hitting play intimidated the Eagles ' receivers into dropping 10 passes. Going into the matchup, the Eagles were expected	expected	VERB	to	PART	 to
He was identified as a candidate at two schools: Syracuse and Auburn. In neither case was Gill hired; Syracuse opted for New Orleans Saints offensive coordinator Doug Marrone, while Auburn passed him over in favor of Iowa State head coach Gene Chizik, a move that	that	PRON	prominent	ADJ	 prominent
Since sunlight illuminates only the upper layers, the major part of the ocean exists in permanent darkness. As the different depth and temperature zones each provide habitat for a unique set of species, the marine environment as a whole encompasses an immense diversity of life. Marine	Marine	ADJ	habitats	NOUN	 habitats
Engineers had determined that during high winds, the bridge's center of gravity could shift, putting weight onto only one side of the bridge and causing it to fail. An Ohio based bridge construction and repair company had already started work on restoring the Kinzua Bridge in	in	ADP	February	PROPN	 February
" In addition to re dubbing it, Babb re edited and re titled it The Prince of Peace; it was so successful that the New York Daily News called it " the Miracle of Broadway. " Another film, Karamoja, was marketed as a shocking portrayal	portrayal	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
" The single was released in September 1970 and reached number four on the UK charts, remaining Black Sabbath's only top ten hit. The album followed in the UK in October 1970, where, pushed by the success of the " Paranoid " single, it	it	PRON	made	VERB	 made
These had been outfitted with rams and some iron plating. By late April, the new ironclads USRC E. A. Stevens and USS Galena and had also joined the blockade. Each side considered how best to eliminate the threat posed by its opponent, and after Virginia returned	returned	VERB	each	DET	 each
In his review, Rowan Shaeffer stated the track was a specific highlight, but said that the change in style was " at odds with the rest of the material " on the album. In 2003, Stone Sour's first single from the album, " Get	Get	VERB	Inside	ADP	 Inside
The consensus is that espionage saved the Soviets one or two years of effort. In addition to developing the atomic bomb, the Manhattan Project was charged with gathering intelligence on the German nuclear energy project. It was believed that the Japanese nuclear weapons program was not far	far	ADV	advanced	ADJ	 advanced
" The episode is popular among fans of the series. It appeared on one of the first region 1 " best of " DVD releases and is one of the two episodes to feature an audio commentary on the region 1 DVD release of the complete second season.	.	PUNCT	In	ADP	 In
Cambridge were coached by F. E. Hellyer (who rowed for the Light Blues in the 1910 and 1911 races), Kenneth Payne (who rowed for Cambridge in the 1932 and 1934 races), Harold Rickett (a Light Blue three times between 1930 and 1932)	)	PUNCT	and	CCONJ	 and
The Scottish members of parliament managed to see off an attempt to impose an export duty on linen and from 1727 it received subsidies of £2,750 a year for six years, resulting in a considerable expansion of the trade. Paisley adopted Dutch methods and became a major	major	ADJ	centre	NOUN	 centre
In intense fighting, the flanks of Burgoyne's force were exposed, while the Brunswickers at the center held against Learned's determined attack. General Fraser was mortally wounded in this phase of the battle. While frequently claimed to be the work of Timothy Murphy, one	one	NUM	of	ADP	 of
Several different types of nerve fibers carry out the transmission of the electrical signal from the transducing cell to the posterior horn of spinal cord, from there to the brain stem, and then from the brain stem to the various parts of the brain such as the thalamus	thalamus	NOUN	and	CCONJ	 and
Filling the hole with her hair would drive her off. Corpses had their mouths filled with glass beads, eggs under each armpit, and needles in their palms to prevent them from becoming langsuir. In Cambodia, the Ab (Khmer: អ ឵ ប),	,	PUNCT	similar	ADJ	 similar
For the first month after the defeat at Osan, the 24th Infantry were repeatedly pushed back and forced southeastward by larger numbers of North Korean troops equipped with rugged Soviet made T 34 tanks. (The heavily armored T 34 had been a primary Soviet weapon against the	the	DET	Nazi	ADJ	 Nazi
After playing a season and a half in the minor leagues, the right handed infielder began his major league career for the Pittsburgh Pirates. He played three seasons in Pittsburgh, from 1896 to 1898, before playing one season for the Washington Senators in 1899. He	He	PRON	returned	VERB	 returned
Human head and body lice (genus Pediculus) share a common ancestor with chimpanzee lice, while pubic lice (genus Phthirus) share a common ancestor with gorilla lice. Using phylogenetic and cophylogenetic analysis, Reed et al. hypothesized that Pediculus and Phthirus are sister taxa	taxa	NOUN	and	CCONJ	 and
Washington refused his resignation and ordered him north to assist with the defense there. Arnold arrived in Schuyler's camp at Fort Edward, New York on July 24. On August 13, Schuyler dispatched him with a force of 900 to relieve the siege of Fort Stanwix	Stanwix	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
She was criticised for her influence with the queen, particularly from those who disliked German influences at court. Pamphlets, many released by the Tory party, complained of the " stranger harboured in our country " and the " evil counsellors " surrounding Victoria. One in	in	ADP	particular	ADJ	 particular
Trafford has the lowest number of unemployment benefit claimants compared to all the other boroughs in Greater Manchester (3.7%). In 2001, of 99,146 residents of Trafford in employment, the industry of employment was 17.1% property and business services, 16.5% retail and	and	CCONJ	wholesale	ADJ	 wholesale
One of Garland's most successful films for MGM was Meet Me in St. Louis (1944), in which she introduced three standards: " The Trolley Song ", " The Boy Next Door ", and " Have Yourself a Merry Little Christmas ". Vincente	Vincente	PROPN	Minnelli	PROPN	 Minnelli
The design featured " a huge globe in the distinctive horizon blue of Oneworld, painted on the centre of the aircraft, with a stylised motif to symbolise the convenience, comfort, value and choice available to passengers throughout the alliance's comprehensive global network ". The	The	DET	new	ADJ	 new
Chapels built following the construction of these two resembled parish churches more than the former style. The chapel replaced the Mosley Street Chapel (built 1789, demolished 1836) upon its completion for baptisms, burials and marriages. It was originally constructed for the Unitarians. The	The	DET	chapel	NOUN	 chapel
He was an avid outdoorsman who enjoyed canoeing and hiking in the Edmonton North Saskatchewan River Valley. Along with his wife Elizabeth, he was an early member of the Presbyterian church in Edmonton, attending First Presbyterian Church, where he was an elder. Though he served	served	VERB	as	ADP	 as
The episode was met with generally positive reviews from television critics. Dan Martin of The Guardian praised the episode for its " action, tension, horror and River Song in a business suit, " but felt it " sags a little around the middle. " Martin	Martin	PROPN	believed	VERB	 believed
Clint Benedict was the first goaltender to wear facial protection, donning it in 1930 to protect a broken nose. He quickly abandoned his mask as its design interfered with his vision. Twenty nine years later, on November 1, 1959, in a game against New	New	PROPN	York	PROPN	 York
The fighting around " Thompson's Post " between 1 and 3 November was some of the fiercest Rhodesians took part in during the war. Hoping to knock out the Allied anti tank guns before counter attacking, the Germans concentrated intense artillery fire on the Australian and Rhodesian	Rhodesian	ADJ	guns	NOUN	 guns
By the 8th century, large tanks such as Padaviya, Naccaduva, Kantale and Giritale had come into existence, further expanding the irrgiation network. However, from the 8th century to the end of the Anuradhapura Kingdom, there wasn't much activity in construction of irrigation	irrigation	NOUN	works	NOUN	 works
It gets its name from a local saint, Senara. Zennor Head was mined for copper and tin in the Victorian Era. There is no longer any residential or commercial occupancy on the headland, but it is occupied by a variety of coastal animals and plants,	,	PUNCT	such	ADJ	 such
Before custodial interrogations, police are required to give suspects a Miranda warning that informs suspects of their legal rights during interrogation. However, Alvarado was not given a Miranda warning at any time during questioning. This would form part of the basis for Alvarado's legal defense	defense	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
Vast swarms of comet like bodies are thought to orbit the Sun in these distant regions in roughly circular orbits. Occasionally the gravitational influence of the outer planets (in the case of Kuiper belt objects) or nearby stars (in the case of Oort cloud objects)	)	PUNCT	may	AUX	 may
By the end of the 1930s, the MSHD under the leadership of future governor Murray Van Wagoner had shifted emphasis to a program of road improvements designed to make the state's roads " safer and smoother for burgeoning traffic volumes. " In 1940, a new roadway	roadway	NOUN	was	AUX	 was
Purported evidence, as before, included several contradictions in the diary, that the prose style and handwriting were not those of a teenager, and that hiding in the Achterhuis would have been impossible. In December 1993 the Anne Frank House in Amsterdam and the Anne Frank	Frank	PROPN	Funds	PROPN	 Funds
The following is a table outlining the population change of the town since 1801, which demonstrates a trend of rapid population growth in the 19th century and, after peaking at 147,483 people in 1911, a trend of general decline in population size during the 20th century.	.	PUNCT	In	ADP	 In
The tanks, too, would be openly displayed, far behind the battle front. When the enemy saw that nothing seemed to be happening, the trucks would be replaced by tanks, masquerading as trucks. That meant that the tanks, too, would have to	to	PART	be	AUX	 be
It is one of Fauré's most substantial works for solo piano, but is better known in a version for piano and orchestra that he made in 1881 at Liszt's suggestion. Playing for a little over 14 minutes, it is second in length only to the	the	DET	Thème	PROPN	 Thème
The regiment advanced northward, reaching its position on the Aliakmon Line near Katerini on 26 March. Its mission was to destroy the Aliakmon River bridges, delaying the German advance. Two troops of artillery, consisting of four 25 pounder and four 2 pounder guns, were	were	AUX	attached	VERB	 attached
The more gas they held onto, the larger they became; the larger they became, the more gas they held onto until a critical point was reached, and their size began to increase exponentially. The ice giants, with only a few Earth masses of nebular	nebular	ADJ	gas	NOUN	 gas
At the end of the session, a new system — designed to limit the cars ' speeds in potentially hazardous situations — was tested. In the third practice session, again held in dry conditions, Renault continued their strong practice performance with Piquet leading the final practice	practice	NOUN	session	NOUN	 session
Direct current with a positively charged electrode (DCEP) is less common, and is used primarily for shallow welds since less heat is generated in the base material. Instead of flowing from the electrode to the base material, as in DCEN, electrons go the other	other	ADJ	direction	NOUN	 direction
He quickly earned a formidable reputation as a wall breaker, taking stronghold after stronghold from his enemies. Regions which had been lost to the empire since Manzikert were recovered and garrisoned. Yet resistance, particularly from the Danishmends of the north east, was strong, and	and	CCONJ	the	DET	 the
On 2 August 2013, the sequel was officially confirmed for release in August 2014. The series ' Facebook page revealed on 15 March 2014 that the sequel would be released on 6 August 2014. On 9 May 2014, a teaser trailer was released, in which	which	PRON	the	DET	 the
He said, " The people at UMBC have been good to me, and this is my home... these are my kids and I recruited them. I just didn't think this was the right time to move. " UMBC granted Zimmerman a contract extension through	through	ADP	the	DET	 the
Lincoln retorted that it was " becoming a running joke that people arrive on set ready for the day and then they are battered and beaten up by the weather. " Despite such assertions, he opined that it added to the episode's overall emotion. " There	There	PRON	's	VERB	's
Krantz responded, " The picture didn't make any money, Ralph. It's just a lot of noise. " Bakshi found Krantz's claims dubious, as the producer had recently purchased a new BMW and a mansion in Beverly Hills. Bakshi did not have	have	VERB	a	DET	 a
A new 50 metre (160 ft) moat was dug beyond the castle's new limits; it was originally 4.5 metres (15 ft) deeper in the middle than it is today. With the addition of a new curtain wall, the old main entrance to	to	ADP	the	DET	 the
At the same time, in Sonora, another 50 were evacuated from a fishing camp in Guaymas. Meanwhile, the SMN issued tropical storm warnings along the Baja California coast, as well as hurricane watches and warnings around the entire Gulf of California between Santa Rosalía,	,	PUNCT	Baja	PROPN	 Baja
However, Jean now refused to fly any further, so MacArthur asked for a motorcade to take them to the nearest railway station, which was at Alice Springs, 1,000 miles (1,600 km) away. Sutherland had received word of an incoming Japanese air raid,	,	PUNCT	and	CCONJ	 and
" Conran acknowledged his debt to German Expressionism, which was particularly evident in the opening scenes in New York City: " Early German cinema was born of just a completely different aesthetic than what we see nowadays. One of the last things I watched before starting this	this	DET	project	NOUN	 project
Although bicycle centers were already common throughout Europe, Long Beach, California is credited with pioneering commuter biking hubs offering valet parking, showers and repair services in the United States. As the concept grew, public agencies and private groups in other cities followed suit. The	The	DET	development	NOUN	 development
She was then returned to American Hawaiian. Leslie White, later a noted American anthropologist, was a crewman aboard USS Minnesotan. Minnesotan resumed cargo service with American Hawaiian after her return from World War I service. Though the company had abandoned its original Hawaiian sugar routes	routes	NOUN	by	ADP	 by
Tancredi reveals he is Scaroth, the last of the Jagaroth race, stranded on Earth and fragmented through time due to an explosion of their spacecraft on Earth 400 million years ago. Seeking to restore himself and his race, Scaroth has aided human technological advancement, while	while	SCONJ	remaining	VERB	 remaining
On May 12, he had four hits in a 7 – 5 loss to Cincinnati. He hit a three run game winning home run on May 22 in a 7 – 2 victory over the Baltimore Orioles. He won another Player of the Week Award that day	day	NOUN	after	SCONJ	 after
The dive bombers were supported by 157 Bf 109s; 70 from JG 27; 32 from JG 53 acting as close escort; and 55 from JG 2 which was to sweep the Portsmouth area in advance of the main raid independently. The Ju 87s were based around	around	ADP	Caen	PROPN	 Caen
In the end, Finn is able to convince Marceline, and she promptly attacks her chauvinistic ex boyfriend. In " What Was Missing ", past animosity between Marceline and Princess Bubblegum is explored when Finn, Jake, Princess Bubblegum, BMO, and Marceline form a	a	DET	band	NOUN	 band
At the time of the 1920 United States Census, Wistert's family lived at 5647 Waveland Avenue in Chicago's 27th Ward and consisted of parents, Kazimir and Josephine, and five children: Josephine (age 11), Isabelle (age 10), Francis (	(	PUNCT	age	NOUN	age
In the film, Che muses while in an empty bar following the lavish funeral procession for Eva Perón, and then on the streets of Buenos Aires as the community mourns and later riots. Eva's lyrics come during a pan over her funeral casket and is not	not	PART	sung	VERB	 sung
The Canada based The Wireless Set No. 19 Group, with members virtually world wide, caters to those who collect, restore and / or operate vintage military communications equipment, with emphasis on the World War II Wireless Set No. 19 radio. Many members are	are	AUX	Amateur	PROPN	 Amateur
Lennon and McCartney wrote the song in one night, basing the lyrics on a birthday card sent to his young son Julian, and it went on to win a Grammy for Best Performance by a Vocal Group. The film was titled Yeah Yeah Yeah in Germany,	,	PUNCT	Tutti	PROPN	 Tutti
The cyclone tracked slightly north of due west in response to a small ridge to the north. Moderate wind shear initially displaced convective activity to the west. Several hours after being classified, the NHC upgraded the depression to Tropical Storm Fred; this was the first use	use	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
980) in the north of Jutland were 28.5 metres long, 5 metres wide (93.5 ft × 16.4 ft wide) at the ends and 7.5 m in the middle, the long walls curving slightly outwards. The walls consisted of double rows of posts with planks	planks	NOUN	wedged	VERB	 wedged
In 1993, when Larry King switched his radio show to the daytime a year before giving it up, the late night call in slot went to WCFL alumnus Jim Bohannon; within a few years, it was a Westwood One – branded show. Westwood One was	was	AUX	itself	PRON	 itself
The combination of this fine asteroid dust, as well as ejected cometary material, produces the zodiacal light. This faint auroral glow can be viewed at night extending from the direction of the Sun along the plane of the ecliptic. Asteroid particles that produce the visible zodiacal	zodiacal	ADJ	light	NOUN	 light
The Detroit Times described audiences laughing until they cried, and " [going] home feeling that [they] had seen one of the best programs " in the theater's history. The paper called the film " a marvelous arrangement of colored drawings ", referring	referring	VERB	to	ADP	 to
Scanning meter can often show the basic or fundamental pattern underlying a verse, but does not show the varying degrees of stress, as well as the differing pitches and lengths of syllables. There is debate over how useful a multiplicity of different " feet " is in	in	ADP	describing	VERB	 describing
The song's accompanying music video was arranged from clips from various Hannah Montana episodes. " He Could Be the One " was co written by Kara DioGuardi, who composed a total of four songs on Hannah Montana 3, and Mitch Allan, who composed a total	total	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
Malaysian investigators set up an international working group — the Joint Investigation Team (JIT) — consisting of various agencies with experience in aircraft performance and satellite communications, to further analyse the signals between Flight 370 and the ground station, especially the signal at 08: 19	19	NUM	.	PUNCT	.
On June 26, 2007, Maxwell Football Club president Ron Jaworski announced that McCoy had been named to the preseason watch list for the Maxwell Award. The initial list includes 64 players. The winner turned out to be Tim Tebow. In their 2007 season preview magazine	magazine	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
Michigan's three quarterbacks combined to complete 23 of 26 passes (88.5 percent) for 255 yards. This marked the first time Michigan had won its first four games in back to back seasons since the 1996 and 1997 teams. To open Big Ten play, Michigan	Michigan	PROPN	traveled	VERB	 traveled
Rhodes and DiBiase defeated DX at the following pay per view, Breaking Point in a submissions count anywhere match, but were defeated in a Hell in a Cell match at the Hell in a Cell pay per view in October, when Rhodes was pinned following a sledgehammer	sledgehammer	NOUN	shot	VERB	 shot
" Jelly Jelly " was the final song recorded for Brothers and Sisters, credited to Gregg Allman. The song actually contained lyrics from Bobby Bland's song of the same name, albeit with a very different melody and arrangement. Brothers and Sisters concludes with another country	country	NOUN	inspired	VERB	 inspired
The librarians cited nine Discworld novels published from 1983 to 2004 and observed that " Pratchett's tales of Discworld have won over generations of teen readers with intelligence, heart, and undeniable wit. Comic adventures that fondly mock the fantasy genre, the Discworld novels expose the	the	DET	hypocrisies	NOUN	 hypocrisies
Again taking advantage from the flat terrain, Grouchy was able to advance rapidly and fall onto the rear of the Coalition infantry squares, which were now slowly withdrawing in echelon and efficiently using the terrain to take shelter from the artillery bombardment. With night approaching and their	their	PRON	retreat	NOUN	 retreat
By the end of 1985, Madonna achieved up another record with the song, becoming the first female artist to have eight UK top ten singles in one calendar year. The song was certified silver by the British Phonographic Industry (BPI) for shipment of 250,000 copies	copies	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
The Queen told Dame Thora Hird during a 2001 meeting that Last of the Summer Wine was her favourite television programme. A 2003 survey by Radio Times found that Last of the Summer Wine was the programme readers most wanted to see cancelled. With nearly 12,000 votes in	in	ADP	the	DET	 the
In its developmental stages near the Lesser Antilles, Janet caused significant damage to the island chain, resulting in 189 deaths and $7.8 million in damages in the Grenadines and Barbados. While Janet was in the central Caribbean Sea, a reconnaissance aircraft flew into the storm	storm	NOUN	and	CCONJ	 and
The series was a departure from his trend of experimental social commentary; it was instead designed to be a mainstream comedy that utilised Welsh actors: Davies and Red Productions even planned a cameo appearance by Academy Award winning Swansea born Catherine Zeta Jones. Because the series was	was	AUX	centred	VERB	 centred
Parts of the theming are caged off with crime scene signs. Throughout the queue, guests are able to hear the sound of buzzsaws as well as several warnings to not go any further and to escape while they can. Large circular saws (a.k.a. buzzsaws)	)	PUNCT	are	AUX	 are
Between June and mid July 2008, the band performed in several festivals, including appearances at the Pinkpop Festival, Rock am Ring and Rock i m Park, Download Festival, Graspop Metal Meeting, Eurockéennes, among others. The band then returned to the United States	States	PROPN	for	ADP	 for
Lamb's last words were " I smell bread "; Muhney explained that it was a reference to a minor character death on M * A * S * H. He stated that it was an in joke among the crew and that the words had " no significance	significance	NOUN	within	ADP	 within
INDEX is an annual fair conducted by students at the Colvin Taluqdars ' college grounds, attended by the general public of the city. Game stalls are set up at the fair to carry out disguised market research. Samvit, the annual leadership summit of IIM Lucknow witnesses	witnesses	VERB	some	PRON	 some
Poe admired Byron both for his poetry and for his rebellious personality. John Allan blamed Poe's interest in Byron for his licentiousness. Some biographers suggest that Poe's wandering to Boston and joining the Army represent a need to live like an outcast inspired by Byron.	.	PUNCT	The	DET	 The
His surrender, says historian Edmund Morgan, " was a great turning point of the war, because it won for Americans the foreign assistance which was the last element needed for victory. Burgoyne's strategy to divide New England from the southern colonies had started well,	,	PUNCT	but	CCONJ	 but
Between Washington Street and North Main Street, NY 394 is concurrent with NY 60, with NY 60 south overlapping NY 394 west on Sixth Street and NY 60 north overlapping NY 394 east on Fifth. The one way pair remains intact through downtown to Prendergast Avenue,	,	PUNCT	where	SCONJ	 where
Vincent died of a heart attack in 1955. The United States Air Force (USAF) named an air base after him in 1956: the Vincent Air Force Base in Yuma, Arizona. The airfield was turned over to the Marines in 1962, and is today	today	NOUN	the	DET	 the
Their results are shown below: Patagosaurus was uncovered in the Middle Jurassic Cañadon Asfalto Formation, which preserves a large variety of flora and fauna. In fact, Escapa et al. noted that " the fossil record of this formation represents the most completely known biota from	from	ADP	the	DET	 the
Not all critics liked the episode. Oscar Dahl of BuddyTV felt that this episode did not live up to the show's potential. San Francisco Chronicle's Tim Goodman lamented that " the original [episode] was funnier " than the one that aired. Tom Shales	Shales	PROPN	of	ADP	 of
It runs from Marlay Park in the southern suburbs of Dublin through County Wicklow and ends in the village of Clonegal in County Carlow. It is designated as a National Waymarked Trail by the Irish Sports Council and is waymarked by posts with a yellow " walking man "	"	PUNCT	symbol	NOUN	 symbol
The assembly further enacted another legislative act on December 12, 1846, authorizing the Romney Literary Society to " establish at or near the town of Romney a Seminary of Learning for the instruction of youth in various branches of science and literature; and the Society map appropriate	appropriate	ADJ	to	ADP	 to
Its range with full payload is 3,850 nautical miles (7,130 km). Although designed for short and medium length routes, the 757 200 has since been used in a variety of roles ranging from high frequency shuttle services to transatlantic routes. In 1992, after gaining	gaining	VERB	ETOPS	PROPN	 ETOPS
The First Minister emphasised that he was keen to see an increase in the specialist skills of civil servants, in order for them to be able to administer projects of such magnitude in the future. John Elvidge, the most senior civil servant in Scotland, admitted that	that	SCONJ	best	ADJ	 best
Traditionally the Crown had left coastal defences to the local lords and communities, only taking a modest role in building and maintaining fortifications, and while France and the Empire remained in conflict with one another, maritime raids were common but an actual invasion of England seemed unlikely	unlikely	ADJ	.	PUNCT	.
A council was, in fact, subsequently held at Clovesho (the location of which is now lost); Æthelbald attended and perhaps presided. The council was concerned with the relationship between the church and the secular world, and it condemned many excesses on the part	part	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
The South Office Building was renamed the K. Leroy Irvis Office Building on December 20, 2002, in recognition of former Speaker K. Leroy Irvis. The State Museum and State Archives buildings were constructed in 1964. A 640 by 320 foot (200 by 100 m)	)	PUNCT	addition	NOUN	 addition
By late 2009, smartphone manufacturers announced they would be using Snapdragon semiconductors in the Acer Liquid Metal, HTC HD2, Toshiba TG01 and the Sony Ericsson Xperia X10. Lenovo announced the first netbook product using Snapdragon SoCs that December. According to PC World, mobile devices	devices	NOUN	using	VERB	 using
German fighters claimed three Spitfires. One of the two actual victims was Wing Commander Ian " Widge " Gleed of No. 244 Wing RAF. Gleed was possibly the victim of a Leutnant Ernst Wilhelm Reinert of 4 Staffel JG 77. At the time of his death	death	NOUN	Gleed	PROPN	 Gleed
As the surviving men fell back through the 11th Battalion's positions, Major Gilchrist (A Company, 11th Battalion) met Cain, who told him that " The tanks are coming, give me a PIAT ". Gilchrist was unable to oblige and so the Staffords	Staffords	PROPN	regrouped	VERB	 regrouped
He returned to the room he had just left, but the students had locked the door; Lépine failed to unlock it with three shots fired into the door. Moving along the corridor he shot at others, wounding one, before moving towards the financial services office	office	NOUN	where	SCONJ	 where
" The British gave Arnold a brigadier general's commission with an annual income of several hundred pounds, but paid him only £6,315 plus an annual pension of £360 because his plot had failed. In December 1780, Arnold led a force of 1,600 troops into	into	ADP	Virginia	PROPN	 Virginia
" Run to You " was released as the debut single from Reckless on 18 October 1984 in Canada and the U.S. and became one of the most successful songs from the album on the American rock charts; it would become arguably one of Adams ' most recognizable and	and	CCONJ	popular	ADJ	 popular
The experienced Kippax replaced the struggling youngster Len Darling in the middle order, for what proved to be his last Test. The way the game unfolded, Kippax had little responsibility with the bat. A record partnership of 451 between Bill Ponsford and Don Bradman meant that	that	SCONJ	Australia	PROPN	 Australia
Asked in Filmfare about their break up, she spoke of " Very, very fond memories of the times we were together and I'd like to keep it to that ". Zinta dated the Bombay Dyeing heir, businessman Ness Wadia from February 2005 until May 2009	2009	NUM	.	PUNCT	.
Still unable to make the club pay, Wheldon sold it to the Kumar brothers, owners of a clothing chain. Debt was still increasing when matters came to a head; the collapse of the Bank of Credit and Commerce International (BCCI) put the Kumars '	'	PART	businesses	NOUN	 businesses
Diocletian's reduction of the Praetorian Guards to the level of a simple city garrison for Rome lessened the military powers of the prefect – although a prefect like Asclepiodotus, the conqueror of the British Empire, was still a trained general – but the office retained much civil	civil	ADJ	authority	NOUN	 authority
Bach composed the chorale cantata in Leipzig and first performed it on 8 April 1731. It is based on the hymn by Wolfgang Meuslin, a paraphrase of Psalm 23 written in 1530, sung to a melody by Nikolaus Decius. Bach, the Thomaskantor in Leipzig from	from	ADP	May	PROPN	 May
In the case of Richard II, the display of his body in such a public place was to counter rumours that he was not deceased. The walls were lined with the tombs of mediaeval bishops and nobility. In addition to the shrine of Erkenwald, two Anglo	Anglo	PROPN	Saxon	PROPN	 Saxon
Pegloticase was approved in the USA to treat gout in 2010. It is an option for the 3% of people who are intolerant to other medications. Pegloticase is administered as an intravenous infusion every two weeks, and reduces uric acid levels. It is likely useful	useful	ADJ	for	ADP	 for
The proposed highway was added to the New York State Highway Law as follows, with annotations in brackets:... Seaford – Oyster Bay expressway, beginning at a point on the Wantagh parkway in the vicinity of the hamlet of Wantagh, thence running generally through or near	near	ADP	the	DET	 the
In August 2003, the game was released as freeware with its assembly language source code by Revolution Software. The source code availability made it possible for the ScummVM project to support the game, which allows the game to be played on Windows, OS X, Linux	Linux	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
They are, however, rare in zoos because they are susceptible to infection and parasitic disease if captured from the wild, and do not readily reproduce. As of May 2009, there were 13 European, 2 African, 35 North American, 1 Singaporean, and	and	CCONJ	2	NUM	 2
Stephany reportedly kept this money in her car, but a police search found no money in it. After Flores Ramírez's family reported her missing, police retrieved the hotel surveillance tape and obtained van der Sloot's name and national identification number. Her brother's wife	wife	NOUN	discovered	VERB	 discovered
The first few (1 – 3 in Ayt Ayache and Ayt Ndhir) cardinal numerals have native Berber and borrowed Arabic forms. All higher cardinals are borrowed from Arabic, consistent with the linguistic universals that the numbers 1 – 3 are much more likely to be retained	retained	VERB	,	PUNCT	,
The Sharpshooter companies wore a dark green Prussian style coatee and a tall hat of Austrian origin with an elongated brim turned up at one side. In the Peninsular War, the polrock was replaced by a short black koller or cavalry style tunic. Equipment and badges of	of	ADP	rank	NOUN	 rank
There was a similar opposition during the 1799 election of delegates to the Buenos Aires Cabildo: Castelli was elected as third Regidor, but was rejected by merchants associated with the port of Cádiz. The conflict lasted a year, until the prominent local merchant Cornelio Saavedra wrote	wrote	VERB	a	DET	 a
" and bleached her hair blonde to better fit a role in that episode. The change of color caused Roddenberry to believe that NBC executives might not notice that Barrett had returned against their wishes. The executives immediately recognized Barrett. The character was featured in several episodes	episodes	NOUN	covering	VERB	 covering
The most significant problem that faces reports of transient lunar phenomena is that the vast majority of these were made either by a single observer or at a single location on Earth (or both). The multitude of reports for transient phenomena occurring at the same place on	on	ADP	the	DET	 the
On June 10 Bundy broke into a camping trailer on Maroon Lake, 10 miles (16 km) south of Aspen, taking food and a ski parka; but instead of continuing southward he walked back north toward Aspen, eluding roadblocks and search parties. Three days	days	NOUN	later	ADV	 later
ISBN 9780941423694. Dworkin, Andrea (1977). Marx and Gandhi were liberals: feminism and the " radical " left. East Palo Alto, California: Frog in the Well. OCLC 6189987. Dworkin, Andrea (1978). Why so called radical men	men	NOUN	love	VERB	 love
This shows that their growth is normally limited by both above ground competition for light and by below ground competition for nutrients and water. Competition for light is normally more important, as shown by the growth rate increasing by almost 7 times and mortality decreasing, when seedlings	seedlings	NOUN	were	AUX	 were
The Mountaineers came away with another 38 – 35 victory, winning consecutive bowl games for the first time since the 1983 and 1984 seasons. Additionally, center Dan Mozes and running back Steve Slaton earned Consensus All American honors. Slaton's 1,744 yards rushing set the WVU	WVU	PROPN	single	ADJ	 single
Elle is chained to the floor in a metal room, still in pain from her ability. She repeatedly attacks him, furious at Sylar for her father's murder, eventually begging him to kill her so that her pain will go away. He forgives her for	for	ADP	turning	VERB	 turning
In addition to the German delegation, the international fleet consisted of warships from Great Britain, Japan, Austria Hungary, France, Italy, and several other nations. In 1908, Roon was serving as the flagship for Rear Admiral Jacobsen, in the Second Group of	of	ADP	the	DET	 the
The song ascended to number four the following week, and was awarded with the Airplay Gainer honor again. It has so far reached a peak of number two. It debuted at number 63 on the US Billboard Hot 100 on the chart issue dated March 10,	,	PUNCT	2012	NUM	 2012
Although the amount of overbooked buses has been sharply reduced with this new system, Greyhound still does not explicitly guarantee a seat to everyone with a ticket (except on Greyhound Express routes). The next major change made by FirstGroup was the launch of a brand of	of	ADP	premium	ADJ	 premium
It hunts for a range of prey including fish, rodents, frogs and insects, either stalking them or standing waiting in ambush. Purple herons are colonial breeders and build a bulky nest out of dead reeds or sticks close to the water ' edge among reeds or	or	CCONJ	in	ADP	 in
It initially aired on AMC in the United States on October 23, 2011. The episode was written by Glen Mazzara and directed by Ernest Dickerson. In this episode, Rick Grimes (Andrew Lincoln) and Shane Walsh (Jon Bernthal) rush to save the life	life	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
In a 2012 interview, Bure admitted having sustained a head injury on the Simpson hit and that " he should not have played through it. " In the off season, the Canucks made another significant move, signing Rangers captain Mark Messier during free agency on July	July	PROPN	26	NUM	 26
Singer Shontelle and production duo Rock City wrote the song with its main producer, Sham. They wrote it during a writing camp, in Los Angeles of March 2010, held by Rihanna's record label to gather compositions for possible inclusion on the then untitled album.	.	PUNCT	Rock	PROPN	 Rock
More German troops had arrived and engaged the 22nd Armoured Brigade group along the road back to Livry. Tanks of the Panzer Lehr Division arrived to seal off the north and west exits from Villers Bocage but were ambushed by British anti tank guns and several were disabled,	,	PUNCT	before	SCONJ	 before
Recurring characters in this episode include glee club members Mike Chang (Shum) and Sam Evans (Overstreet), school bullies Dave Karofsky (Max Adler) and Azimio (James Earl), Stamos as Howell, and Criss as Blaine Anderson, lead singer of the	the	DET	Warblers	PROPN	 Warblers
However, due to the financial strain of paying off the AOL deal, Tel Save lost $221 million in 1999, and Borislow sold his stock for a reported $200 to $300 million and retired. In his brief retirement, he focused on his horse	horse	NOUN	racing	NOUN	 racing
This 3,000 m (150 chain) double track extension was inaugurated on 27 August 1907. The same year, diesel electric locomotives (whose " terrible noise " frightened the horses, to the chagrin of their owners) were replaced by electromotive traction. Two Orenstein &	&	CCONJ	Koppel	PROPN	 Koppel
However, a remix of " Get Me Bodied " was available only on the individual release of Irreemplazable. Beyoncé appeared on Tr3s ' television show Mi TRL on August 2, 2007 and showed a behind the scenes special, " Making of the Spanish EP ".	.	PUNCT	The	DET	 The
The thousands of double eagles and other coins on board were salvaged beginning in 1996, and once litigation concluded, many mint state double eagles came on the market. The word " LIBERTY " on double eagles between 1850 and 1858 was originally spelled " LLBERTY " by	by	ADP	Longacre	PROPN	 Longacre
However, he is distracted by a car crash and goes to save the victims. Later, Jack visits the memorial service for the person he read about and finds himself to be the only attendee. In the last of the flashes, Kate appears and Jack discusses	discusses	VERB	the	DET	 the
Following the concert, President Izetbegović presented Bono with an honorary Bosnian passport, in recognition of his humanitarian efforts during the war. The peaceful nature of the U2 concert was fleeting, as violence flared up in the region the following year with the Kosovo War. NATO	NATO	PROPN	troops	NOUN	 troops
The company was incorporated in May 1924, and produced over 20 films between 1925 and 1927. Briskin gave his brother, Irving, his start in the film industry, as an auditor for Banner. Irving would go on to be a film producer in his own	own	ADJ	right	NOUN	 right
In 1966 Mansfield was cast in Single Room Furnished, directed by then husband Matt Cimber. The film required Mansfield to portray three different characters, and was her first starring dramatic role in several years. It was briefly released in 1966, but did not enjoy a	a	DET	full	ADJ	 full
[E] ach constant point had to be perforated as many as four times. [...] When the sheets were superposed and moved in the proper sequence and the proper manner with respect to each other, in accordance with a [precisely] defined program,	,	PUNCT	the	DET	 the
Hitler viewed the church as an important politically conservative influence on society, and he adopted a strategic relationship with it that " suited his immediate political purposes ". In public, Hitler often praised Christian heritage and German Christian culture, though professing a belief in an "	"	PUNCT	Aryan	PROPN	 Aryan
After several interruptions, Sir Joseph urged her to be quiet, eliciting the response " Crushed again! " Gilbert would later re use this passage for Lady Jane in Patience. Hebe was also assigned several lines of dialogue after No. 18 (" Carefully on tiptoe	tiptoe	NOUN	stealing	VERB	 stealing
However, the problem of the Moon's motion is dauntingly complex, and Newton never published an accurate gravitational model of the Moon's apsidal precession. After a more accurate model by Clairaut in 1747, analytical models of the Moon's motion were developed in the late	late	ADJ	19th	ADJ	 19th
) In July 1736, Linnaeus travelled to England, at Clifford's expense. He went to London to visit Sir Hans Sloane, a collector of natural history, and to see his cabinet, as well as to visit the Chelsea Physic Garden and its keeper,	,	PUNCT	Philip	PROPN	 Philip
Following the births of George (b. 1967) and Camilla (b. 1970), she struggled with post natal depression. Lucan became increasingly involved in her mental well being and in 1971 took her for treatment at a psychiatric clinic in Hampstead, although she refused to	to	PART	be	AUX	 be
Their goal is an independent Skyrim free from Imperial interference. The Imperial Legion, led by General Tullius, is the military of the Empire that opposes the Stormcloaks and seeks to reunite and pacify the province. The main story begins with the imprisoned player being led to	to	ADP	an	DET	 an
Geisel gave varying accounts of how he created The Cat in the Hat, but in the version he told most often he was so frustrated with the word list from which he could choose words to write his story that he decided to scan the list and create a	a	DET	story	NOUN	 story
A 1959 revolt in East Timor against the Portuguese was not endorsed by the Indonesian government. A 1962 United Nations document notes: " the government of Indonesia has declared that it maintains friendly relations with Portugal and has no claim to Portuguese Timor... ". These assurances	assurances	NOUN	continued	VERB	 continued
This may be achieved by comparing the ingroup to the outgroup on some new dimension, changing the values assigned to the attributes of the group, and choosing an alternative outgroup by which to compare the ingroup. Here an ingroup seeks positive distinctiveness via direct competition with the	the	DET	outgroup	NOUN	 outgroup
Water was drawn from a well in the eponymous Well Tower. Caernarfon's appearance differs from that of other Edwardian castles through the use of banded coloured stone in the walls and in its polygonal, rather than round, towers. There has been extensive academic debate over	over	ADP	the	DET	 the
Wallace William Wade's 1925 Alabama team won the 1926 Rose Bowl after receiving its first national title and William Alexander's 1928 Georgia Tech team defeated California in the 1929 Rose Bowl. College football quickly became the most popular spectator sport in the South. Several major modern	modern	ADJ	college	NOUN	 college
According to Dassault, the IMA greatly assists combat operations via data fusion, the continuous integration and analysis of the various sensor systems throughout the aircraft, and has been designed for the incorporation of new systems and avionics throughout the Rafale's service life. The Rafale features	features	VERB	an	DET	 an
The Chinook became a vital transit tool during the 1991 Gulf War in Iraq. They were used for moving troops into the region at the start of the conflict; a Chinook was used on 22 January 1991 to transport a Special Air Service (SAS) patrol on	on	ADP	the	DET	 the
In 1975, Amotz Zahavi proposed a verbal model for how signal costs could constrain cheating and stabilize an " honest " correlation between observed signals and unobservable qualities, based on an analogy to sports handicapping systems. He called this idea the handicap principle. The purpose of	of	ADP	a	DET	 a
While he has a danger loving, fearless nature and loves a good fight, he prefers relaxing in the sun and rarely seeks out trouble deliberately. Crash has an extremely limited vocabulary, preferring to speak in unintelligible gibberish; the few English words he is capable of	of	ADP	speaking	VERB	 speaking
Nasser cut relations with the US following the war, and, according to Aburish, his policy of " playing the superpowers against each other " ended. In November, Nasser accepted UN Resolution 242, which called for Israel's withdrawal from territories acquired in the war	war	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
Mueller, who scored 1290 out of 1600 on his SAT and a 31 on his ACT, was a highly recruited high school basketball player. However, by early March 1987, he had not signed a National Letter of Intent as a commitment to any school.	.	PUNCT	At	ADP	 At
Thompson has called Aurobindo's teaching on spirituality a " radical anarchism " and a " post religious approach " and regards their work as having "... reached back into the Goddess culture of prehistory, and, in Marshall McLuhan ’ s terms, ' culturally retrieved '	'	PUNCT	the	DET	 the
At Breakdown: In Your House, The Rock defeated Ken Shamrock and Mankind in a triple threat steel cage match to become the number one contender for the WWF Championship. He then feuded with fellow Nation member Mark Henry, effectively breaking up the stable. The Rock	Rock	PROPN	's	PART	's
As of 1973, Monson was one of four members of the church's Missionary Executive Committee. From 1965 to 1968, Monson had the responsibility of overseeing church operations in the South Pacific and Australia. During this time he organized the first LDS stake in Tonga.	.	PUNCT	Monson	PROPN	 Monson
The scene was instead shown in the first part of " Scorpion ". One link remained in the " Unity " script: Riley Frazier was stated to have been abducted by the Borg while she was on the USS Roosevelt during the battle. " Unity " was	was	AUX	first	ADV	 first
After the Reformation, a separate parish likewise dedicated to St Bartholomew was granted in favour of St Bartholomew's Hospital — named St Bartholomew the Less, it remained under the hospital's patronage, unique in the Church of England, until 1948 when the hospital was nationalized	nationalized	VERB	in	ADP	 in
While waiting for the bateaux to be completed, Arnold received word from scouts Colburn had sent out to reconnoiter the proposed route. Their reports included rumors of a large Mohawk force near the southernmost French settlements on the Chaudière River. The source of these rumors was Natanis	Natanis	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
With these capitulations, the French controlled the Rhine crossings at Düsseldorf and at the junction of the Rhine and the Main rivers. To maintain contact with the forces on their flanks, the Austrian commanders, outraged at this fait accompli, had to withdraw across the Main	Main	ADJ	river	NOUN	 river
Speer surrounded the site with 130 anti aircraft searchlights. Speer described this as his most beautiful work, and as the only one that stood the test of time. Nürnberg was to be the site of many more official Nazi buildings, most of which were never built	built	VERB	;	PUNCT	;
The Saturn has a dual CPU architecture and eight processors. Its games are in CD ROM format, and its game library contains several arcade ports as well as original titles. Development of the Saturn began in 1992, the same year Sega's groundbreaking 3D Model 1	1	NUM	arcade	NOUN	 arcade
Both ' Ming ' Flanagan and McGrath had previously pledged their support to Norris. In order to secure a nomination, a number of non party politicians sought the support of either 20 members of the Oireachtas or four city or county councils. David Norris, a Senator	Senator	PROPN	since	SCONJ	 since
Units of the 17th Army began to arrive on Guadalcanal on August 19 to drive Allied forces from the island. Because of the threat by CAF aircraft based at Henderson Field, the Japanese were rarely able to use large, slow transport ships to deliver troops and supplies	supplies	NOUN	to	ADP	 to
10.08% in Upminster and 10.46% in Cranham report having no religion, compared to 13.18% in Havering, 15.76% in London and 14.59% in England. With a black and minority ethnic population of 3% in 2001, Cranham and Upminster wards have the	the	DET	lowest	ADJ	 lowest
I've always wanted to be involved in something he's making. Basically, I never thought I would because it didn't seem like his stories or subject matter were ever going to include me. So, I'm just as excited as I can be.	.	PUNCT	"	PUNCT	 "
The nebulous emission comes primarily from photoionized gas on the back surface of the cavity. The H II region is surrounded by an irregular, concave bay of more neutral, high density cloud, with clumps of neutral gas lying outside the bay area. This in turn	turn	NOUN	lies	VERB	 lies
The royal prerogative is in much use in the realm of foreign affairs. It is the monarch who recognises foreign states (although several statutes regulate the immunities enjoyed by their heads and diplomatic representatives), issues declarations of war and peace, and forms international treaties.	.	PUNCT	The	DET	 The
He feels no pain and nothing can kill him, so therefore he's essentially a story device for action sequences. " James Berardinelli gave Wolverine two and a half stars out of four, calling the action scenes competently executed but not memorable, and considering that when	when	SCONJ	dealing	VERB	 dealing
The fruit bodies are 6 – 14 cm (2.4 – 5.5 in) high. The conical cap is 3.5 – 8 cm (1.4 – 3.1 in) high and 3 – 5 cm (1.2 – 2.0 in) wide at the widest point. The cap	cap	NOUN	surface	NOUN	 surface
A magnetic stripe card is needed to enter the F Zero AX Internet Ranking system. Similarly to GX, players receive a password after completing a Time Attack race to enter on the official F Zero website's ranking system. Nintendo GameCube memory cards, on which saved	saved	VERB	games	NOUN	 games
He also appeared on It's On with Alexa Chung, The Ellen DeGeneres Show, Good Morning America, Lopez Tonight, Chelsea Lately, The Wendy Williams Show, and 106 and Park throughout November. Bieber also held a guest role on the Nickelodeon television series True	True	PROPN	Jackson	PROPN	 Jackson
The 2,500 strong Japanese force met the 39th and 53rd Infantry Battalions, at the town of Isurava. As the battle was beginning to develop, on 26 August, members of the 2 / 14th, including Kingsbury, arrived at Isurava to reinforce the exhausted 39th Battalion	Battalion	PROPN	.	PUNCT	.
Reach Records released five music videos for the album: " Lord Have Mercy ", featuring Tedashii along with No Malice of Clipse, on August 1, 2012, " Tell the World ", featuring Mali Music, on October 19, 2012, " Mayday "	"	PUNCT	,	PUNCT	,
Warner Bros. promoted 300 by sponsoring the Ultimate Fighting Championship's light heavyweight champion Chuck Liddell, who made personal appearances and participated in other promotional activities. The studio also joined with the National Hockey League to produce a 30 second TV spot promoting the film in tandem with	with	ADP	the	DET	 the
A transport fleet protected by warships was organised; sixty ships sailed in all. Equipment, victuals, munitions and 1,300 horses had to be brought over, as well as arms, munitions and money for the Greek provisional government of John Capodistria. France wished to support	support	VERB	free	ADJ	 free
The great bulk of Russian supplies for North Korea in the early part of the war came in at Wonsan, and from the beginning it was considered a major military target. By July 27, the FEAF Bomber Command had a comprehensive rail interdiction plan ready. This	This	DET	plan	NOUN	 plan
Both lower holds can be equipped with a telescoping baggage system to load custom fitted cargo modules. When equipped for extended range transatlantic operations, UPS 757 200PFs feature an upgraded auxiliary power unit, additional cargo bay fire suppression equipment, enhanced avionics, and an optional supplemental	supplemental	ADJ	fuel	NOUN	 fuel
The species in Queensland has declined rapidly and is now absent from the Brisbane region. Important strongholds for the population occur in the Blackall / Conondale ranges, Main Range, Lamington Plateau and the McPherson and Border ranges. The northern quoll (D. hallucatus) could be	be	AUX	found	VERB	 found
Twelve were ordered for the opening of the first line, seven passenger and five goods. They were all fitted with Clark's patent smoke preventing system that improved fuel economy and painted green with black borders, and red buffer beams. There was no protection for the	the	DET	driver	NOUN	 driver
This was seen as a sign of support of Hamburg's population for former chancellor Helmut Schmidt (born in Hamburg), who had been replaced in a constructive vote of no confidence by the CDU in October. Kiep served as federal treasurer of the CDU from 1971	1971	NUM	to	ADP	 to
But they will not. " In the 1843 election Morton was set against George N. Briggs, a Whig lawyer from rural Berkshire County, who was chosen to counter Morton's appeal to rural voters. The Liberty candidate again won enough votes to deny either Briggs (	(	PUNCT	who	PRON	who
His friendship with Karev is further strained when the two become trapped in an elevator with a patient who begins to bleed out. Karev freezes, and O'Malley is able to save the patient single handedly. He goes on to admit his feelings to Meredith, and the	the	DET	two	NUM	 two
In some cases, such as that of the 22nd Panzer Division, their equipment was no better than that of the First Romanian Armored Division. German formations were also overextended along large stretches of front; the XI Army Corps, for example, had to defend a	a	DET	front	NOUN	 front
At 10: 04, the Ottoman ships completed a 16 point turn, which reversed their course, and steamed for the safety of the straits in a disorganized withdrawal. Within an hour, the routed Ottoman ships had withdrawn into the Dardanelles. The Naval Battle of	of	ADP	Lemnos	PROPN	 Lemnos
Thus, she symbolises the aspect of the goddess as a giver, like Annapurna, the goddess of food, and Shakambhari, the goddess of vegetables, or a maternal aspect. The element of self sacrifice is the symbol of " divine reciprocation " by the deity	deity	NOUN	to	ADP	 to
A number of covered railway carriages " resembling the most luxurious of road coaches ", with cushioned seating and cloth linings and each capable of carrying between 12 and 24 passengers, were provided for the more important persons among those attending. More basic open carriages, described	described	VERB	by	ADP	 by
" The women added the phrase " and women " to make "... all men and women are created equal... " A list of grievances was composed to form the second part of the Declaration. Between July 16 and July 19, at home on her own	own	ADJ	writing	NOUN	 writing
". The Doctor is able to avoid the choice when one of Gharman's followers reveals that Davros appears to have succumbed to their demands and will stop his research, on the condition of a vote among the councillors. While Davros pleads his case the Doctor recovers	recovers	VERB	their	PRON	 their
The episode's premise was based on an extinct type of beetle, which caused trouble for guest actor Kirk Acevedo, as he had a fear of bugs. Pinkner commented in an interview that Acevedo " has a primal fear of bugs and had to act with a	a	DET	bunch	NOUN	 bunch
Kamimura's ships engaged her for five minutes before she disappeared back into the mists. Later in the day, Kamimura led his division in a fruitless pursuit of some of the Russian cruisers around 17: 30. He abandoned his chase around 18: 03 and encountered	encountered	VERB	the	DET	 the
The following day, Prime minister Khalifa ibn Salman Al Khalifa praised the king's speech and shared his regret and condolences. On the other hand, Al Wefaq, the country's largest opposition party suspended their participation in the Parliament on 15 February and threatened to resign	resign	VERB	,	PUNCT	,
Heinz was at the forefront of reform efforts to improve food purity, working conditions, hours, and wages, but the company bitterly opposed the formation of an independent labor union. As a manufacturing center, Pittsburgh also became an arena for intense labor strife. During	During	ADP	the	DET	 the
Dunn, who portrayed Duncan Kane, left the series midway through the season, although was credited as a main cast member for the remainder of the season. Thomas explained that the Logan Veronica Duncan love triangle had run its course, and to keep the series fresh	fresh	ADJ	,	PUNCT	,
In the autumn of 2009 he joined the Brown University faculty as the David and Marianna Fisher University Professor of Africana Studies. In October 2005, the London Financial Times reported that Achebe was planning to write a novella for the Canongate Myth Series, a series of short	short	ADJ	novels	NOUN	 novels
Along with Thomas Cromwell, he supported the principle of Royal Supremacy, in which the king was considered sovereign over the Church within his realm. During Cranmer's tenure as Archbishop of Canterbury, he was responsible for establishing the first doctrinal and liturgical structures of the reformed	reformed	VERB	Church	PROPN	 Church
He was an organizing committee member of the American Association of Physical Anthropologists along with its founder Aleš Hrdlička. Hooton's students created some of the first doctoral programs in physical anthropology during the early 20th century. In addition to physical anthropology, Hooton was a proponent of	of	ADP	criminal	ADJ	 criminal
The writer implicates himself in the story, portraying himself as his character's good friend and a main target for such remarks — for instance, he recounts that, soon after New Years ' Eve 1900, Mitică pretended not to have recognized him because " it's	's	AUX	been	AUX	 been
Writing for Allmusic, David Jeffres called the EP's four songs a " sparse effort that leans towards pop " and drew attention to " the man ’ s songwriting ". He also deemed the album a " short set of easy, breezy tunes ", which	which	PRON	does	AUX	 does
Li Long's fighting style in Soul Edge has been described as accessible to novices of the game, while also usable by experienced players. His Reverse Scales attack consists of three swift horizontal attacks one after another, while his Flaming Fangs attack is similar, only vertical	vertical	ADJ	,	PUNCT	,
The Hamshenis who were deported by Stalin to Kazakhstan began petitioning for the government to move them to the Armenian SSR. This move was denied by the Soviet government because of fears that the Muslim Hamshenis might spark ethnic conflicts with their Christian Armenian cousins. However, another	another	DET	event	NOUN	 event
Sayyid Abd al Rahman responded by telling the British that Sayyid Ali al Mirghani was pro Italian due to his family commitments in Eritrea, but this was not accepted by the British. The government had promulgated the Powers of Nomad Shiekhs Ordinance in 1922, and had recognized	recognized	VERB	and	CCONJ	 and
Today, such copies are valued between £16,000 and £25,000. Five months later, the book won its first award, a Nestlé Smarties Book Prize. In February, the novel won the British Book Award for Children's Book of the Year, and later	later	ADV	,	PUNCT	,
" Taylor bemoaned the fact that the generals had shown no second thoughts about ignoring US policy recommendations, particularly in disregarding his explicit advice to maintain stable civilian rule, at least at a nominal level. Taylor issued a thinly disguised threat to cut aid, releasing a	a	DET	public	ADJ	 public
THX 1138 was released in March 1971 and Lucas was offered opportunities to direct Lady Ice (1973), Tommy (1975) or Hair (1979). He turned down those offers, determined to pursue his own projects despite his urgent desire to find another film	film	NOUN	to	PART	 to
Afflictions such as disease and poison can reduce the player's attributes. When players reach 25, 50, 75, or 100 points in a single skill, they unlock new abilities related to the skill. The game's 21 skills fall evenly under the categories of	of	ADP	combat	NOUN	 combat
The summer of 1938 saw ten down and eight up trains for passengers, with eleven each way on Saturdays. A dam was built across the Cefni river north of Llangefni in the late 1940s to increase the water supply available to the island. The new reservoir,	,	PUNCT	Llyn	PROPN	 Llyn
” Together with Paul Beatty ’ s seminal collection of poems, Joker Joker Deuce (1994) Coval cites the release of Illmatic as a " generational moment " that marked the development of hip hop poetry. Just as hip hop poetics were being written and published for	for	ADP	the	DET	 the
The extratropical remnants of Carrie skirted eastern New England before making landfall in Maine on September 4 and dissipating over the Gulf of Saint Lawrence during the next two days. Carrie had a minimal impact on the East Coast south of New England, limited to increased swells,	,	PUNCT	gusty	NOUN	 gusty
The 82nd Airborne captured its primary objective at Sainte Mère Église and worked to protect the western flank. Its failure to capture the river crossings at the River Merderet resulted in a delay in sealing off the Cotentin Peninsula. The 101st Airborne helped protect the southern flank and	and	CCONJ	captured	VERB	 captured
He also collaborated with colorist Adrian Delude in changing the exposure for all cameras used which, according to Schliessler, " would have been more difficult when shooting on film. " Digital imaging technician Jeff Tomcho was tasked with ensuring that the Red Epic cameras were properly set	set	VERB	up	ADP	 up
C. mutica are poor swimmers and move around predominantly in an undulating inchworm like fashion, using their posterior pereopods and gnathopods. They are generally reluctant to let go of their substrates and will only do so if agitated. Different populations in different substrates are known to exhibit	exhibit	VERB	different	ADJ	 different
Greater productivity was recorded in summer (65.96 g / m2) than winter (15.76 g / m2). Variation of productivity of annuals and perennials were noted according to seasons and type of phumdis. The largest of all the phumdis in the lake is situated in	in	ADP	the	DET	 the
" I hope our nurse will be nice to our friend now. " Tyutcheva was eventually fired. She took her story to other members of the family. While Rasputin's visits to the children were, by all accounts, completely innocent in nature, the family	family	NOUN	was	AUX	 was
It is one of the best known American tobacco advertising campaigns. In 1999, Advertising Age ranked the jingle eighth best out of all the radio and television jingles that aired in the United States in the 20th century. The deliberate use of " like " rather than	than	ADP	"	PUNCT	 "
His string of election wins was enabled by a system of a malapportionment gerrymander that bore his name, the ' Playmander ' − which saw the Australian Labor Party win clear majorities of the statewide two party vote whilst failing to form government in 1944, 1953, 1962	1962	NUM	and	CCONJ	 and
Oregon has several different growing regions within the state's borders that are well suited to the cultivation of grapes; additional regions straddle the border between Oregon and the states of Washington and Idaho. Wine making dates back to pioneer times in the 1840s, with commercial production	production	NOUN	beginning	VERB	 beginning
These clubs and organizations run the gamut from sailing to Ultimate Frisbee, from varsity and club sports and a jazz group to a pottery guild, from political organizations to chess and video game clubs. These organizations are funded by student tuition, from which $10.00 per	per	ADP	credit	NOUN	 credit
Also in 1950, a ski flying hill was built at Kulm in Tauplitz / Bad Mitterndorf, Austria. Peter Lesser first equalled the world record there in 1962, improving it three years later to 145 m (476 ft). Another hill entered the scene in	in	ADP	1966	NUM	 1966
On October 29, 1987, Stone announced he had joined the Republican Party and expressed his intention to run for Recorder. " I can no longer be part of a party that punishes law abiding, tax paying citizens and communities ", Stone said, adding that	that	SCONJ	he	PRON	 he
In the spin off title Mega Man Xtreme, he is an assistant character but becomes playable in the sequel, Mega Man Xtreme 2. He is also playable during the prologue and the last chapters from the role playing video game Mega Man X: Command Mission.	.	PUNCT	The	DET	 The
Homer3 later became a segment in IMAX's CyberWorld 3D. " Treehouse of Horror VI " was the first of two Treehouse of Horror episodes to be executive produced by Bill Oakley and Josh Weinstein. The episode was " so long " because, according to Oakley, "	"	PUNCT	all	DET	 all
The parish is part of the North Somerset county constituency of the House of Commons. It has been represented since 1992 by Liam Fox, a member of the Conservative Party, who was Secretary of State for Defence. Six electoral wards exist in Portishead. Their area	area	NOUN	and	CCONJ	 and
Development of the game began in 2003 with the original intention of releasing the game for the PlayStation 2. Sony Computer Entertainment Europe commissioned SCE Cambridge Studio to develop a launch title for the PlayStation Portable. Due to time constraints, the Cambridge studio was given only a	a	PRON	year	NOUN	 year
The island reopened at the end of 2001, while the pedestal and statue remained off limits. The pedestal reopened in August 2004, but the National Park Service announced that visitors could not safely be given access to the statue due to the difficulty of evacuation in an	an	DET	emergency	NOUN	 emergency
Site clearing and foundation work would have been scheduled to begin after completion of the diversion work in the seventh year of the project. The first pouring of concrete was scheduled for the project's eighth year, and work on the powerhouse would have begun in the 11th	11th	ADJ	year	NOUN	 year
In the two weeks following the first significant U.S. ground troop engagement on July 5, the U.S. Army estimated that 380,000 South Korean civilians fled south, passing through the retreating U.S. and South Korean lines. With gaps in their lines, U.S. forces were attacked from the	the	DET	rear	NOUN	 rear
The Korean ship Ishlin Glory sank in the Korea Strait on July 29, which led to one death and 11 others declared missing. The launch of the weather satellite GMS 3 was delayed by this typhoon's passage nearby Japan. The tail end of a trough extending	extending	VERB	southwest	NOUN	 southwest
Kirk is beamed aboard the Klingon ship, where Spock and the Klingon General Korrd force Klaa to stand down. The Enterprise and Klingon crews celebrate a new détente, and Kirk, Spock, and McCoy resume their vacation at Yosemite. William Shatner as James T. Kirk	Kirk	PROPN	.	PUNCT	.
" As their careers progressed, the Sedins have worked on their strength, improving their puck possession and allowing them to play more effectively. Henrik is married to Johanna Sedin; they have two sons: Valter, who was born in 2006 in Vancouver and Harry,	,	PUNCT	who	PRON	 who
Drama Queen received a Latin Grammy nomination for Best Urban Music Album at the 2011 Latin Grammy Awards (which was won by Calle 13 for Entren Los Que Quieran). It earned Queen two nominations at the 2011 Latin Billboard Music Awards for Hot Latin Songs Artist of	of	ADP	the	DET	 the
Jolie's reputation began to change positively after she, at age 26, became a Goodwill Ambassador for the United Nations High Commissioner for Refugees, later commenting, " In my early 20s I was fighting with myself. Now I take that punk in me to Washington	Washington	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
The second thrust consisted of a battalion group from the division, which was to set out at 5 am on 25 May from Lapac and drive east through Kulen Vakuf to capture the crossroads at Vrtoče. If necessary, they were then to advance north west towards Bihać	Bihać	PROPN	to	PART	 to
Homer buys the meat, eats it, and contracts food poisoning. After recovering, Homer returns to the Kwik E Mart to complain, and Apu gives him two five pound buckets of expired shrimp to placate him. Homer eats the shrimp and gets the same symptoms	symptoms	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
Despite its short duration, the war itself cost Prussia thirty three million florins. For the Austrians, the cost was higher: sixty five million florins, for a state with an annual revenue of fifty million. Joseph himself described war as " a horrible thing...	...	PUNCT	the	DET	 the
As of 2011, the category name has not changed since 2005. For the 45th Grammy Awards (2003), Best Male Rap Solo Performance nominees included: Eminem for " Without Me ", Jay Z for " Song Cry ", Ludacris for " Rollout (	(	PUNCT	My	PRON	My
The venue was kept secret until the performance, although it was revealed to be a prominent landmark in Los Angeles. The single peaked at number one on the Billboard Rock Songs and Alternative Songs charts, and on the UK Rock Chart. The single also peaked at	at	ADP	number	NOUN	 number
After retirement from the Air Force in 1946, he became a manager with Australian National Airways, and was active in veterans ' associations. He died in 1966 at the age of sixty nine. Born on 27 July 1896 in Balingup, Western Australia, Frank Lukis	Lukis	PROPN	was	AUX	 was
While doing so, the Hero meets his double in Real Weaver's Peak, who gets spooked, and speaks ' Y You. Y You're m m me! ', and says that he must prove himself to be faithful to his family if he is	is	AUX	to	PART	 to
He also noted that the series was different from his other works, and was unsure of how the audience would respond to it. Free Collars Kingdom is licensed for English language release in the United States by Del Rey, which released the series in 2007, and	and	CCONJ	in	ADP	 in
The parish of St Bartholomew the Great was designated as a Liberty, responsible for the upkeep and security of its fabric and the land within its boundaries. With the advent of street lighting, mains water and sewerage during the Victorian era, maintenance of such an ancient	ancient	ADJ	parish	NOUN	 parish
Heavier aircraft stand on the floor of the building, which covers 6,500 m2 (70,000 sq ft). Construction began with the building of abutments in October 1995 and the roof was completed in September 1996. The building won the 1998 Stirling Prize for Foster and Partners	Partners	PROPN	and	CCONJ	 and
In Weymouth the coast path runs along Weymouth Harbour and the Wey Estuary up to Radipole Lake, through the town centre to the Esplanade on the shore of Weymouth Bay, and on to Ringstead Bay, with White Nothe at its eastern end, near the village of	of	ADP	Osmington	PROPN	 Osmington
The Illuminated Chronicle relates that the childless Stephen "... so ordered the succession to the throne that after his death the son of his sister Sophia, by name Saul, should reign. " The chronicle does not specify the date of this event, but Ferenc Makk	Makk	PROPN	says	VERB	 says
The electrostatic units of measure are now known as the statampere, the statvolt, the statcoulomb and so on. Gaussian system of units The Gaussian system of units was based on Heinrich Hertz realization, made in 1888 while verifying Maxwell's Equations, that the CGS system	system	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
However, as the construction of a new Vestfold Line was put on hold, an intermediate solution was found to reopen Råstad Station, and offer a shuttle bus to the airport. On 16 May 2007, Vestfold County Municipality announced that they would forward the investment costs	costs	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
Impero was to be fitted with a catapult on her stern and equipped with three IMAM Ro.43 reconnaissance float planes or Reggiane Re.2000 fighters. Authorized to be built by Ansaldo of Genoa, the new battleship's keel was laid down on 14 May 1938 and launched on 15	15	NUM	November	PROPN	 November
At 2008 World Series of Poker she again had three in the money finishes. She placed 57 of 605 in Event 38, $2000 Pot Limit Hold 'em, placed 44 of 2693 in Event 52, $1500 No Limit Hold 'em, and 625 of 6844	6844	NUM	in	ADP	 in
For several days, the Hurricane Hunters reported similar winds, along with gusts up to 140 mph (230 km / h). With a large anticyclone located over the Ohio Valley, Baker turned to the northeast on September 5, passing about halfway between Bermuda and	and	CCONJ	North	PROPN	 North
Sean S. Cunningham explained, " With a new television series on the horizon and plans announced for the thirteenth installment of the film franchise, we felt the timing was right to finally explore Jason, Camp Crystal Lake, and the rest of the Friday the 13th story	story	NOUN	in	ADP	 in
" The first was written when Timmons was first with Blakey; the others were composed when he was with Adderley. " This Here " (sometimes " Dis Here ") was a surprise commercial success for Adderley: recorded in concert in 1959, it was released	released	VERB	as	ADP	 as
Faced with the reality of Nazi oversight, Hergé abandoned the overt political themes that had pervaded much of his earlier work, instead adopting a policy of neutrality. Without the need to satirise political types, entertainment producer and author Harry Thompson observed that " Hergé was now	now	ADV	concentrating	VERB	 concentrating
Parker and Stone offered Seinfeld the throwaway background part of one of the turkeys, but Seinfeld's agent was " a bit put off " by the offer and did not accept. The episode was partially inspired by the commercials for the Christian Children's Fund, in	in	ADP	which	PRON	 which
Alabama did not play SEC Eastern Division opponents Georgia, Kentucky, South Carolina, Florida or Vanderbilt as part of the regular season. Alabama also played four non conference games: Michigan of the Big Ten Conference, Western Kentucky University (WKU) and Florida Atlantic of	of	ADP	the	DET	 the
The technology of blast furnace may have either been transferred from China, or may have been an indigenous innovation. Al Qazvini in the 13th century and other travellers subsequently noted an iron industry in the Alburz Mountains to the south of the Caspian Sea. This is close	close	ADJ	to	ADP	 to
He died of a heart attack the following year. The bell captain of the Desert Inn, Jack Butler, remembered Clark: " Wilbur was the greatest guy. Without him this town never would've got off the ground. Everyone came into the club just to	to	PART	see	VERB	 see
He was awarded received an honorary Doctorate of Laws by the University of Edinburgh in 1884. Stokvis also chaired the 1883 International Colonial Medicine Congress in Amsterdam. He was one of the founders (in 1896) of Janus, an international journal for the history of medicine	medicine	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
The Mauritius government later evacuated residents to structures that were not destroyed. Following the storm, various countries donated to the country to assist, including France who sent crews from Réunion to set up shelter and provide care for the residents. The island was largely rebuilt after	after	ADP	about	ADV	 about
The first combat capable Block 3.0 aircraft first flew in 2001. Increment 2, the first F 22 upgrade program, was implemented in 2005 and enables the aircraft to employ Joint Direct Attack Munitions (JDAM). Increment 3.1 provides improved ground attack capability through synthetic aperture	aperture	NOUN	radar	NOUN	 radar
Zubir is primarily remembered for composing Singapore's national anthem, " Majulah Singapura " (" Onward Singapore "). The Malay lyrics exhort Singaporeans to " progress towards happiness together " (" Sama sama menuju bahagia ") so that their " noble aspiration [s	s	X	]	X	]
However, the lame duck Republican controlled city council approved routing I 95 along Adams and Jackson streets in 1957. The demolition of homes began in January 1959. A year later, construction began on overpasses and ramps at the Farnhurst interchange. The same year, suggestions	suggestions	NOUN	were	AUX	 were
The 125th day commemorative celebrations were held in the presence of C. N. Annadurai, the then Chief Minister of Tamil Nadu. This was also the last function which Annadurai attended before his death. G. Dhananjayan appreciated the performances of the cast and the quality of Javar Seetharaman	Seetharaman	PROPN	's	PART	's
A marked change in Irving's reputation can be seen in the surveys of the historiography of the Third Reich produced by Ian Kershaw. In the first edition of Kershaw's book The Nazi Dictatorship in 1985, Irving was called a " maverick " historian working outside the	the	DET	mainstream	NOUN	 mainstream
Nearly all the fighting was outside of the state's boundaries. Only one significant conflict, known as Morgan's Raid, occurred on Indiana soil during the war. The raid, which caused a brief panic in Indianapolis and southern Indiana, was preceded by two minor	minor	ADJ	incursions	NOUN	 incursions
The club came close to folding in 1986 after experiencing severe financial difficulties before it was saved by a consortium led by then board member and later chairman Steve Gibson. Middlesbrough were deducted three points for failing to fulfil a fixture against Blackburn Rovers in the 1996 – 97	97	NUM	Premier	PROPN	 Premier
According to an interview with Joypad, a French gaming magazine, in 2004, Yasumi Matsuno claimed during its development that Ivalice, the game world he created when he joined Square in 1995, is a complex world with a very long history and the stories of Vagrant	Vagrant	PROPN	Story	PROPN	 Story
An acquaintance of Kent's, Stephen Aldrich, Rector of St John Clerkenwell, reassured her that she would be forgiven for her sins. She died on 2 February. As sole executor of Fanny's will, Kent ordered a coffin, but fearful of being prosecuted	prosecuted	VERB	should	AUX	 should
The growth of cervical loop cells into the deeper tissues forms Hertwig's Epithelial Root Sheath, which determines a tooth's root shape. The dental papilla contains cells that develop into odontoblasts, which are dentin forming cells. Additionally, the junction between the dental papilla and	and	CCONJ	inner	ADJ	 inner
He was given a secret identity of Ed Tilden. He was irked at being passed over as its head; the job was instead given to Hans Bethe. Oppenheimer had him investigate unusual approaches to building fission weapons, such as autocatalysis, in which the efficiency of	of	ADP	the	DET	 the
In addition to the catacombs, a separate graveyard was established, located south of East Street on Back of the Walls (another Southampton street). This location was technically outside of the All Saints ' parish boundary. The first rector of the new church was Richard	Richard	PROPN	Mant	PROPN	 Mant
Mariano Prunes of AllMusic compared the track to the work of Spanish singer Jeanette on the song " Porque Te Vas ". Lafourcade decided upon the album's title between the songs " Hasta la Raíz " and " Palomas Blancas "; the latter was written in Las	Las	PROPN	Vegas	PROPN	 Vegas
M 212 was assigned on December 29, 1937, from the intersection with Second Street to an intersection with US Highway 23 (US 23). In 1940, the state of Michigan rerouted US 23 and replaced it with M 33. M 212 begins at an	an	DET	intersection	NOUN	 intersection
The song fades out " to implicate that the music went to infinity. " Hebden recorded the album between August 2014 and February 2015, using a laptop running the digital audio workstation Ableton Live to control VST synthesizers and manipulate found sounds. Hebden announced Morning / Evening	Evening	PROPN	on	ADP	 on
' ". Guy Pearce as Peter Weyland: Weyland is the billionaire founder and CEO of Weyland Corp. Lindelof described him as having a massive ego and suffering from a god complex. Applying the necessary prosthetics and make up to transform Pearce into the elderly Weyland took five	five	NUM	hours	NOUN	 hours
Sir Nicholas Fury: The Queen's intelligence officer (referred to as the " intelligencer ") and responsible for foiling many past plots against the monarch. Seemingly killed when he carries an unconscious Rojhaz into the dimensional rift. Doctor Stephen Strange: The Queen's Physician	Physician	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
The coastline here forms part of the " key on land Palaeocene site in the London Basin ", and is the only location in the Woolwich Beds to contain wood. The foreshore displays a " rich invertebrate and vertebrate fossil fauna... and the section has been extensively	extensively	ADV	studied	VERB	 studied
The line opened on 1 January 1869, the L & SWR running services from Waterloo and Ludgate Hill via Addison Road, and the L & NWR running services from Broad Street to Richmond from a link at Brentford Road to the North London Line at South Action.	.	PUNCT	Stations	NOUN	 Stations
" Children's Literature reviewer Claudia Mills gave generally positive comments, calling the novel " engrossing and engaging ". The website Kidsreads compared the book to classic mysteries such as The Westing Game and said, " Chasing Vermeer deserves a spot alongside many well loved children's	's	PART	books	NOUN	 books
World War I caused several changes at the school. During the conflict and for some time afterwards, Georgia Tech hosted a school for cadet aviators, supply officers, and army technicians. Tech also started a Reserve Officer Training Corps unit; the first in the Southern	Southern	PROPN	United	PROPN	 United
Johnsen, who produced the demo tape, shopped it to a few labels, with no success. Eventually the tape was screened by Epic Records, who purchased the masters and agreed to fund the recording of a full album. One of the conditions, however,	,	PUNCT	was	AUX	 was
SAS has an annual employee turnover of three to five percent, while the software industry's average is 20 to 25 percent. According to USA Today, the workplace culture has created " intensely loyal " staff who care about the company's well being. Even though	though	SCONJ	there	PRON	 there
Holmes spent the next six years drafting legislation and gaining support for his cause, and in 1855, the Michigan state governor signed a bill establishing the Agricultural College of the State of Michigan. Holmes was keenly involved with the details of the Agricultural College, influencing everything	everything	PRON	from	ADP	 from
Entwistle's " Success Story " gave a humorous look at the music industry, and " Squeeze Box " was a hit single. The group toured from October, playing little new material and few Quadrophenia numbers, and reintroducing several from Tommy. On 6 December 1975	1975	NUM	,	PUNCT	,
Ukraine's relationship with NATO and Europe has been politically divisive, and contributed to " Euromaidan " protests that saw the ousting of pro Russian President Viktor Yanukovych in 2014. In March 2014, Prime Minister Arseniy Yatsenyuk reiterated the government's stance that Ukraine is not seeking	seeking	VERB	NATO	PROPN	 NATO
The job of the radar pickets was to warn the fleet of incoming kamikazes; but because they were often the first ships sighted by incoming Japanese aircraft, they were also the most likely ships to be attacked. Cogswell performed this duty from 27 May 1945 until 26	26	NUM	June	PROPN	 June
In the subproblem to which the widest path problem applies, two images have already been transformed into a common coordinate system; the remaining task is to select a seam, a curve that passes through the region of overlap and divides one of the two images from the	the	DET	other	ADJ	 other
Dawes eventually became Comptroller of the Currency; he recorded in his published diary that he had strongly urged McKinley to appoint as secretary the successful candidate, Lyman J. Gage, president of the First National Bank of Chicago and a Gold Democrat. The Navy Department was offered	offered	VERB	to	ADP	 to
Thus, Walker went on to wear # 4 at Michigan. Walker played football at Michigan from the 1998 NCAA Division I A football season through the 2001 season, finishing his career with 176 receptions for 2,269 yards and 17 touchdowns. During his career he played on	on	ADP	two	NUM	 two
The sleeve artwork for Achtung Baby was designed by Steve Averill, who had created the majority of U2's album covers, along with Shaughn McGrath. To parallel the band's change in musical direction, Averill and McGrath devised sleeve concepts that used multiple color images to	to	PART	contrast	VERB	 contrast
Part Three starts with the prefectural tournament still in progress. After another win by Seishu, Akane is hospitalized due to an unspecified illness. Initially, Akaishi's play is affected by worrying about Akane's condition. Ko continues to perform well and promises Akane to go	go	VERB	on	ADP	 on
Live performances of the song are included on the expanded edition of The Byrds ' (Untitled) album and on Live at Royal Albert Hall 1971. The British beat group Unit 4 + 2 released a recording of " You Ain't Goin ' Nowhere " as a	a	DET	single	ADJ	 single
The demands of combat during World War II led to changes in the composition of Army units. The success of German mechanised units during the invasions of Poland and France convinced Australian defence planners that the Army required armoured units, and these began to be raised in 1941	1941	NUM	when	SCONJ	 when
Victor Child Villiers, 7th Earl of Jersey, leased the castle to the Corporation of Rochester in 1870 for use as a public park; when it opened to the public in 1872, Rochester Castle was presented as a picturesque ruin, with trees planted in the enclosure	enclosure	NOUN	and	CCONJ	 and
He adopted a plan to capture a hill where republican guns could dominate the city's harbour and force the British to evacuate. The assault on the position led to the capture of the city, but during it Bonaparte was wounded in the thigh. He was promoted	promoted	VERB	to	ADP	 to
Toyoharu's works helped pioneer the landscape as an ukiyo e subject, rather than merely a background for human figures or events, as in Masanobu's works. Toyoharu's earliest uki e can not be reliably dated, but are assumed to have appeared before 1772:	:	PUNCT	early	ADV	 early
However, within the space of five years, the large crowds disappeared from Irish football stadia and combined with the demise of Drumcondra and Cork Hibs, the decline in fortunes of a number of top clubs and the lack of action by the FAI, the League of	of	ADP	Ireland	PROPN	 Ireland
Maureece Rice, who scored 2,681, and Wilt Chamberlain, who scored 2,206, were the only players who had accumulated more points in their high school careers in the league. Maurice Watson, from the Boys ' Latin of Philadelphia Charter School, broke both Chamberlain's	's	PART	and	CCONJ	 and
As a result, Rusli's orally influenced story telling technique, often wandering from the plot to describe something " at the whim of the author ", comes across as " lacking ". Sitti Nurbaya includes pantuns (Malay poetic forms) and " clichéd descriptions "	"	PUNCT	,	PUNCT	,
Lennon contributed piano to the recording and while most of the part was removed, traces of it remain in the final cut, notably on the middle eight, prior to Harrison's guitar solo. The song was issued as a double A side single with " Come	Come	VERB	Together	ADV	 Together
Kondracki added that while she wanted to be optimistic and hoped that the screening would " lead to genuine discussion and thought about the UN's involvement in sex trafficking and other crimes ", she worried that it might not have the desired lasting impact: " I know	know	VERB	we	PRON	 we
Besides the Belmont, Springbok won the 1874 and 1875 Saratoga Cup and the 1874 Citizens Stakes. During the 1870s, the Saratoga Cup was a 2 1 ⁄ 4 miles (3,600 m) race. In 1874, Springbok won the race while carrying 108 pounds (	(	PUNCT	49	NUM	49
The Cape sparrow has three subspecies. The nominate subspecies Passer melanurus melanurus is found in eastern South Africa, east to the western part of Free State. The subspecies vicinus, which is sometimes included in subspecies melanurus, occurs from Free State east to Eastern Cape and	and	CCONJ	Lesotho	PROPN	 Lesotho
The album charted for 41 weeks on the Billboard 200, serving as the longest chart run of Saadiq's career. By May 2011, it had sold 282,000 copies, according to Nielsen SoundScan. The Way I See It received generally positive reviews from critics. At	At	ADP	Metacritic	PROPN	 Metacritic
This was the official report of Shen Kuo on his reforms of the Chinese calendar, which were only partially adopted by the Song court's official calendar system. During his years of retirement from governmental service, Shen Kuo compiled a formulary known as the Liang Fang (	(	PUNCT	良方	PROPN	良方
He served the 1975 – 76 season on a one year extension. His contract was not renewed. Ramsay had guided the Braves to the playoffs three years in a row after enduring a 21 – 61 season, accumulating a 158 – 170 overall record. Local reports	reports	NOUN	noted	VERB	 noted
According to Webber, Serra "... was obsessed with reproducing the amazing use of light by the artists of that period, and most particularly Vermeer's use of it. " To reflect the " magical luminosity " of Vermeer's artwork, Serra employed diffused lighting and	and	CCONJ	different	ADJ	 different
Between 1934 and the mid 1940s, several variants of the Panzer I were designed, especially during the later years of its combat history. Because they were obsolescent from their introduction, incapable of defeating foreign armor, and outclassed by newer German tanks, the Panzer I	I	PROPN	chassis	NOUN	 chassis
Idunn said: I'm not saying words of blame to Loki, in Ægir's hall I quietened Bragi, made talkative with beer; and all living things love him. In this exchange, Loki has accused Iðunn of having slept with the killer of her brother	brother	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
This mobile class of people are differentiating urban areas in terms of values, culture, economic specialization, and other factors, and businesses are following the most talented people to these cities despite high land prices and labor costs. Florida also insists that a disproportionate amount of	of	ADP	wealth	NOUN	 wealth
Although points are not awarded in the game and the murder of police officers is discouraged to the player, the game often suggests to players that police officers must be killed in order to advance in the game's main story without difficulty. As a response, Jason	Jason	PROPN	Della	PROPN	 Della
In real life, he's an incredibly interesting guy, and at the very least, it's much easier to play an interesting guy when you're an interesting guy. " Offerman said his own sense of humor fuels much of the character, along with those	those	PRON	of	ADP	 of
Several ships on each side were damaged by the time the engagement was broken off. As a result of the attacks the drifter line of the Barrage was moved farther south and maintained only during the day, a success for the Central Powers. U 27 did not	not	PART	take	VERB	 take
The Rams failed to cross midfield at all in the second half, and were held to only 97 yards passing on 35 attempts. McKay, familiar with Rams quarterback Pat Haden from having coached him at USC, tailored the defensive gameplan towards him. September 30,	,	PUNCT	1979	NUM	 1979
Out of all fifty six athletes participating in the event, Chris Brown ranked first; Michael Mathieu tied Australia's Sean Wroe for tenth; and Bain ranked thirty first. All three advanced to semifinals, which took place on 19 August. During the course of semifinals	semifinals	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
He died on January 24, 1861. Robert Perkins Letcher was born in Goochland County, Virginia, on February 10, 1788. He was seventh of twelve children born to Stephen Giles and Betsy (Perkins) Letcher. The family moved to Kentucky about 1800,	,	PUNCT	first	ADV	 first
From the 13th century onward, the region was controlled by the Bengal Sultanate, Hindu kings and Baro Bhuyan landlords under the suzerainty of the Mughal Empire, until the British East India company took control of the region from the Mughals in the late 18th century. The	The	DET	company	NOUN	 company
At the outbreak of war he was stationed on the German – Franco border flying uneventful patrols. Serving as a flight instructor, he was stationed in Romania as part of a German military mission training Romanian pilots. Graf flew a few ground support missions in the closing	closing	NOUN	days	NOUN	 days
According to the Hampshire Review, the only serious injury sustained was a broken wooden leg. Following the collapse of the eastern Whipple truss span, a temporary wooden span was hastily constructed between the western truss span and the eastern abutment, so that traffic was uninterrupted until	until	SCONJ	the	DET	 the
So it can't be done? " Despite the call, Belding still would not let Showell play. Upon hearing that the answer was still " No " over 1000 frustrated Lafayette students marched to the Centre Square in downtown Easton and held a protest rally against racial	racial	ADJ	intolerance	NOUN	 intolerance
The physician Hua Tuo (d. 208 CE) was nominated for office while another became Prefect of the Gentlemen of the Palace (郎中令). Those who practiced occult arts of Chinese alchemy and mediumship were often employed by the government to conduct religious sacrifices, while on	on	ADP	rare	ADJ	 rare
For the 2015 season, the NFL adopted a rule on extra points that stated the placekick must be kicked at the 15 yard line, however for a two point conversion teams were still eligible to scrimmage from the two yard line. No points are awarded on a	a	DET	failed	VERB	 failed
He was sworn in to represent the federal government before the Supreme Court when it convened – about a week late because of the illness of several justices – on February 12, 1806. He was spared the awkwardness of practicing before a judge he had voted to impeach	impeach	VERB	because	SCONJ	 because
The magistrate also made a survey of the spared parts of town from which it appears that 8,749 former residents of the parts touched by fire had found new lodgings. It is estimated that as many as 15,000 had become homeless. This is about 20% of the	the	DET	population	NOUN	 population
When the pregnant woman is isolated during childbirth in the lying in chamber, a cow dung figure of the goddess is traditionally kept in the room. The birth of a living child is considered the blessing of Shashthi, while the birth of a stillborn infant or the	the	DET	early	ADJ	 early
Milian received writing credit for seven songs on the album, often basing them on personal experiences. The musical style of It's About Time is primarily urban pop, compared to the teen pop styling of Milian's previous album. The style and sound of the album	album	NOUN	was	AUX	 was
Also within the earth shard, a separate gallery accommodates a programme of temporary exhibitions. These have included the Witness series of art exhibitions from the museum's collection, examining First and Second World War art, and the work of female war artists. The WaterWay,	,	PUNCT	a	DET	 a
Cold Fusion Video felt that although the film was entertaining, it lacked the heart and wit of Jim Henson's Muppet films. Bryan Pope of DVD Verdict said that the film drained the Muppets of their spirit and was slightly gratuitous. Techtite TV reviews felt that the	the	DET	film	NOUN	 film
Sarah ends up in an oubliette where she reunites with Hoggle. After they confront Jareth and escape one of his traps, the two encounter a large beast named Ludo. Hoggle flees while Sarah befriends Ludo. After another riddle, she loses him in a forest.	.	PUNCT	Hoggle	PROPN	 Hoggle
" The review additionally argued that the remake hampered the game, citing that battles that would take " mere seconds to scroll through " were now " lengthened to nearly a minute. " Another complaint was in the game's presentation on the Nintendo DS, noting that	that	SCONJ	the	DET	 the
Go back to your Apollo data, go back to your computer, do whatever you have to, but make up your mind. Don't come to our conference unless you have something to say about the Moon's birth. " At the 1984 conference at Kona	Kona	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
The battalion commenced operations in late June 1965 and initially focussed on defeating the Viet Cong's wet season offensive. During this time US 173rd Brigade, including 1 RAR, conducted a number of operations into War Zone D — a major communist base area at the junction	junction	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
The Elites initially had simple mouths, which developed into pairs of split mandibles substituting for the lower jaws. Bungie concept artist Shi Kai Wang noted that project lead Jason Jones had, at one point, been insistent on giving the Elites a tail. While Wang thought	thought	VERB	it	PRON	 it
The latter have an " L " suffix in their textual representation. The Decimal type / class in module decimal (since version 2.4) provides decimal floating point numbers to arbitrary precision and several rounding modes. The Fraction type in module fractions (since version 2.6)	)	PUNCT	provides	VERB	 provides
To promote the single, Minogue performed the song on several televised shows. Minogue debuted the single live on the Australian morning TV show Hey Hey, It's Saturday. She received the opportunity to perform the single on MTV (Music Television) on 4 October 1997	1997	NUM	.	PUNCT	.
Epaminondas ' acceptance of the Achaean oligarchies roused protests by both the Arcadians and his political rivals, and his settlement was thus shortly reversed: democracies were set up, and the oligarchs exiled. These democratic governments were short lived, since the pro Spartan aristocrats from all	all	DET	the	DET	 the
By mid August the army, then under the command of Major General Philip Schuyler, was encamped south of Stillwater, New York. On August 19, Major General Horatio Gates assumed command from Schuyler, whose political fortunes had fallen over the loss of Ticonderoga and the	the	DET	ensuing	VERB	 ensuing
" The Huffington Post writer Baggers described it as " pop at its best: instant, euphoric, joyful and impossible to get out of your head ". Bradley Stern of MuuMuse gave the song a positive review and concluded, " Is it a solid start?	?	PUNCT	I	PRON	 I
Universal, Sony and Lionsgate, and CBS Films had been some of the interested companies. According to sources close to Schwarzenegger, he had only wanted to commit fully if a good script could be created. It was reported on May 13, 2011, that Megan	Megan	PROPN	Ellison	PROPN	 Ellison
Communication impairments are partly attributed to memory deficits, and AAC intervention may be used to compensate for deficits and to capitalize on the person's strengths, such as the ability to recognize material they can not recall. Low tech devices are generally preferred, such as memory	memory	NOUN	books	NOUN	 books
Lyrically, " Live to Tell " portrays the complexity of deceit and mistrust. The song is also about childhood scars and had an extreme emotional pitch. According to the book The Heart of Rock & Soul by Dave Marsh, the archetype of songs like " Live	Live	ADJ	to	PART	 to
Parker and Matt Stone originally considered doing a full length Queef Sisters episode in the style of the second season premiere " Terrance and Phillip in Not Without My Anus ", but they decided against it based on the negative fan reaction to that episode. The episode received	received	VERB	generally	ADV	 generally
Other items that Murrell used in his magical practices were a copper charm with which he would allegedly distinguish whether an individual was lying or not, and a " trick " telescope that supposedly enabled him " to see through brick walls ". The latter device was examined	examined	VERB	by	ADP	 by
The game features 51 missions that involve exterminations, retrieval of objects, and rearguard actions. A campaign, comprising 21 of these missions played in sequence, centres around a story about a Space Marine investigation of a distress beacon in a region of space threatened by Genestealers	Genestealers	PROPN	.	PUNCT	.
According to historian Barry Werth, " it was standard gossip that ' Beecher preaches to seven or eight of his mistresses every Sunday evening. ' " In a highly publicized scandal, Beecher was tried on charges that he had committed adultery with a friend's wife,	,	PUNCT	Elizabeth	PROPN	 Elizabeth
The details of her fate are unknown, but presumably she was sold and scrapped. The Norwegians had built one monitor type ship of their own, Skorpionen, in 1865, and laid down several others, but the Norwegian Parliament authorized construction of Mjølner in 1867 in	in	ADP	Sweden	PROPN	 Sweden
Because Sarah was frequently absent from home, and often detained overnight at the local police station, Formby was regularly forced to sleep outside. As a result he developed asthma and became susceptible to bronchitis. In his later years he recalled that his " childhood was the	the	DET	most	ADV	 most
Destruction was greatest near the shore and on islands such as Cedar Key and Dog Island, though tornadoes spawned by the hurricane swept through communities and mobile home parks well inland. The hurricane devastated the Apalachicola Bay shellfish industry, killing large quantities of oysters, destroying their	their	PRON	reefs	NOUN	 reefs
These included Germans who had collaborated with Germany before the war, but also those who considered themselves German but had been neutral; those who were partially " Polonized " but " Germanizable "; and Germans who were of Polish nationality. Himmler ordered that those who refused	refused	VERB	to	PART	 to
The Eurasian eagle owl has a very wide range across much of Europe and Asia, estimated to be about 32,000,000 square kilometres (12,000,000 sq mi). In Europe there are estimated to be between 19,000 and 38,000 breeding pairs and in the whole world around 250,000 to	to	PART	2,500,000	NUM	 2,500,000
In 1166, Baldwin was the addressee of a work by John of Salisbury, Expectiatione longa, which was one of the tracts written during the Becket controversy. It was probably at this time that Baldwin wrote De sacramento altaris. In 1175 he served with his old	old	ADJ	bishop	NOUN	 bishop
Though the kiss is " informed by the fact that Dax was a man in her past life ", once it occurs, it can " never be taken back ", and remains the queer image of two women kissing. Nonetheless, " Rejoined " was still	still	ADV	considered	VERB	 considered
" This was echoed by several writers, and sportswriter television personality Michael Wilbon said that " NBA players have endured more scrutiny, pertaining to image, than any other professional athletes in America. " Martin Luther King III called for a meeting to end the violence in	in	ADP	the	DET	 the
This made the hi hat sound more " crisp and clean ", with higher quality sound in the back row than previously experienced in such large venues. Throughout Jackson's years with him, Springsteen maintained his interest in delivering high quality sound to every seat, and	and	CCONJ	the	DET	 the
When a tornado hits Erinsborough, Susan waits it out in Harold's Store with Lou Carpenter (Tom Oliver). When the roof collapses, Lou is trapped by a beam and he chokes on a piece of food. Guided by Karl over the phone, Susan	Susan	PROPN	performs	VERB	 performs
The house which was his birthplace at 62 Carver Street no longer exists; also, the street has since been renamed " Charles Street South ". A " square " at the intersection of Broadway, Fayette, and Carver Streets had once been named in his honor	honor	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
A total of over 1,132 plant species have been identified parkwide. The predominantly coniferous forest is home to various species of trees such as the Engelmann spruce, Douglas fir, subalpine fir, limber pine and western larch, which is a deciduous conifer, producing cones but	but	CCONJ	losing	VERB	 losing
Despite eating, writing, and throwing a football right handed, Hilliard shoots left handed. As a freshman, he measured 6 ' 1. His parents split up after his freshman year, and he developed a unique bond with Liberty assistant coach Mike Bachman. As	As	ADP	a	DET	 a
June was almost as bad; although the team had 12 wins and 17 losses, the bullpen improved to one of the best in the NL. In the 2014 Major League Baseball draft that month the Phillies selected Aaron Nola as their first round pick, encouraging optimism	optimism	NOUN	from	ADP	 from
The pirates were sent to San Juan, Puerto Rico, where a brief military tribunal found them guilty and sentenced them to death. On March 29, 1825, Cofresí and most of his crew were executed by firing squad. The pirate inspired stories and myths after	after	ADP	his	PRON	 his
After defending the Canal in early 1915 from Ottoman attacks, the ship was then transferred to the Dardanelles in February and saw action in the Dardanelles Campaign bombarding Ottoman fortifications. Swiftsure was assigned to convoy escort duties in the Atlantic from early 1916 until she was paid off	off	ADP	in	ADP	 in
After the defeat at Battle of Buxar and grant of the Diwani (revenue collection) of Bengal by the then Mughal Emperor Shah Alam II, to the British East India Company in August 1765 and the appointment of Warren Hastings by the East India Company as their first	first	ADJ	Governor	PROPN	 Governor
At first, the Allied offensive was planned just for Tulagi and the Santa Cruz Islands, omitting Guadalcanal. However, after Allied reconnaissance discovered the Japanese airfield construction efforts on Guadalcanal, capture of that airfield was added to the plan and the Santa Cruz operation was dropped	dropped	VERB	.	PUNCT	.
The Ten or More Plan, established by UNHCR in 1973 and administered in the UK by the British Red Cross, is for refugees requiring medical attention not available in their current location. During the 1990s, 2,620 refugees were settled in the UK through these two programmes	programmes	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
The popular Italian repertoire remained the core of the annual seasons, mostly directed by the head of production, John Moody. Leading roles were taken by rising stars such as John Shirley Quirk, Gwyneth Jones, Thomas Allen, Josephine Barstow and Margaret Price, the last	last	ADJ	of	ADP	 of
After Gladys entered the Gulf of Mexico, the NHC issued hurricane warnings for the Florida Keys to Cedar Key, with a watch to St. Marks. Later, hurricane warnings were issued from Charleston, South Carolina to Hatteras, North Carolina. Before Gladys made landfall in	in	ADP	Florida	PROPN	 Florida
Whilst travelling back home on the train she was approached by another scout who was forming a band and asked if she was interested. Dixon's career began in 1999 when she met Sabrina Washington as they both joined a dance school in Fulham, south west London.	.	PUNCT	Together	ADV	 Together
According to Kristin Veitch of TV Guide, representatives from the WB Television Network (the WB) released a statement indicating the possibility of Kyra being promoted to star billing. In August 2004, Carpenter was set to star in a UPN mid season replacement comedy called Like	Like	ADP	Cats	PROPN	 Cats
They visit the hotel, where Shawn gets keys to every room. Shawn becomes involved with the ceremony, and finds out everything that has been happening leading up to the wedding. While investigating, they discover the dead body of a suspect. During the ceremony,	,	PUNCT	Shawn	PROPN	 Shawn
The Mighty Ducks returned Getzlaf to the Hitmen for the 2003 – 04 season. He recorded 75 points in just 49 games and was named to the WHL's first all star team. Due to the 2004 – 05 NHL lockout, Getzlaf was again returned to Calgary	Calgary	PROPN	for	ADP	 for
She admitted she had a " father complex ", explaining it by saying, " Having been brought up without him and then coming back and finding him so sympathetic had a powerful effect ". Regardless of her dedication to the preservation of the Everglades, Douglas admitted	admitted	VERB	the	DET	 the
The battle's impact on the American Revolutionary War in the southern theater was minor, but the failure of Patriot militia to significantly stall Cornwallis at Cowan's Ford and Torrence's Tavern caused Greene to hasten his retreat towards his ultimate goal, Guilford Courthouse, where he	he	PRON	determined	VERB	 determined
The compound is a dinucleotide, because it consists of two nucleotides joined through their phosphate groups. One nucleotide contains an adenine base and the other nicotinamide. Nicotinamide adenine dinucleotide exists in two forms, an oxidized and reduced form abbreviated as NAD + and NADH respectively.	.	PUNCT	In	ADP	 In
In an interview with UpVenue, bassist Jonathan Gallant announced that the Canadian tour would begin in winter 2010 but would be an extensive one. Their fourth album, Billy Talent III was released on July 14, 2009. On September 22, 2009, it was released	released	VERB	in	ADP	 in
At the same time, psychedelia was making strides in the hedonistic swinging London society, where bands like Pink Floyd, The Pretty Things, The Jimi Hendrix Experience, Traffic and Cream experimented with different forms of drug induced rock music, in line with the hippie subculture	subculture	NOUN	coming	VERB	 coming
The Glass like motif returns for the song ’ s finale. Parsons characterizes this same song as " a concept piece that begins with an intense and intriguing theme for cello or viola and strings. Building as it evolves, it never takes a breath until near the	the	DET	end	NOUN	 end
In response, Burgundian winemakers hired physician Jean Baptiste de Salins, dean of the medical school in Beaune, to speak to a packed auditorium at the Paris Faculty of Medicine. Salins spoke favorably of Burgundy wine's deep color and robust nature and compared it to the	the	DET	pale	ADJ	 pale
The first Welsh football game at the stadium was played against Finland in 2000, and drew a then record home crowd for Welsh football of over 66,000. This has since been beaten on several occasions. However, since 2011, the majority of home games have been	been	AUX	played	VERB	 played
Thus the voivodes were never autonomous, but remained provincial officials. The voivodes were heads of Fehér County from 1201, which may indicate that their position had its origin in the office of that county's ispán. Two royal charters issued in 1111 and 1113 mention one	one	NUM	Mercurius	PROPN	 Mercurius
His soldiers managed to free the horse from the mud and to bring him to the Blachernae alive. Saktikios was laid in the Church of St. Mary of Blachernae, where he died the following night. After the victory Simeon I sent letters to the Ecumenical Patriarch Nicholas	Nicholas	PROPN	Mystikos	PROPN	 Mystikos
Due to its development delays, Phantasmagoria was released after other interactive movie games like Wing Commander III and Under a Killing Moon, so it did not receive as much credit for heralding that gaming subgenre as the other titles. Harley Jebens of the Austin American Statesman said	said	VERB	by	ADP	 by
Main belt comets may have been a major source of the Earth's oceans, because the deuterium – hydrogen ratio is too low for classical comets to have been the principal source. Most asteroids within the asteroid belt have orbital eccentricities of less than 0.4, and an	an	DET	inclination	NOUN	 inclination
Detailed observations reveal a large disk of dust and gas orbiting the star, which was the first debris disk to be imaged around another star. In addition to the presence of several planetesimal belts and cometary activity, there are indications that planets have formed within this disk	disk	NOUN	and	CCONJ	 and
After several days camped on his lawn as practice for the trip, and then in other nearby locales, Meeker set out from Olympia on February 19, 1906. According to Larsen in his book on Meeker's journey east, It's easy to assume Ezra Meeker	Meeker	PROPN	's	PART	's
Otherwise it would not be necessary in criminal statutes that are intended to punish buyers as well as sellers of illegal substances to specify the former group expressly. It would be enough that selling is proscribed and that a purchaser bought the illicit product. Under the district court	court	NOUN	's	PART	's
" And I said, " OK, what kind of car? " He says, " Just put the first car you guys ever toured in on the cover. " The vehicle in the cover image is a Plymouth Grand Voyager similar to the navy blue one	one	NOUN	that	SCONJ	 that
Similarly, using a topical retinoid with an antibiotic clears acne lesions faster than the use of antibiotics alone. Frequently used combinations include the following: antibiotic + benzoyl peroxide, antibiotic + topical retinoid, or topical retinoid + benzoyl peroxide. The pairing of benzoyl peroxide with	with	ADP	a	DET	 a
" In October 2011, Pascu returned to Cluj Napoca as a celebrity host for the inauguration of Cluj Arena, home ground of the soccer club Universitatea. He traveled to Seattle and performed at a fund raiser for a new Romanian Orthodox cultural center in America. In	In	ADP	early	ADJ	 early
On Day 12 he was nominated for eviction along with Cairon and on Day 16, with 26.84%, he survived his second public vote. On Day 21, in a special live nominations show, he was nominated for the third time, surviving with 19%	%	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
The game is the fourth installment to the Devil May Cry series. It later on generated a handheld version released on iOS, titled Devil May Cry 4: Refrain. Chronologically, the game is set between the original Devil May Cry and Devil May Cry 2.	.	PUNCT	The	DET	 The
On 23 February 1517, the day of Saint Lazarus, another city was spotted and named San Lázaro by the Spanish – it is now known by its original Maya name, Campeche. A large contingent put ashore in the brigantine and the ships ' boats to fill	fill	VERB	their	PRON	 their
" Additionally, he said: " I had two ideas that did not fit the song. She said no even though I had a very clear idea of how she would look in the video. I worked up on another idea and brought together a featured band	band	NOUN	for	SCONJ	 for
Haas defeated Benjamin in the ensuing match. Haas continued to wrestle on the lower midcard spot, becoming a regular fixture on Heat. On the June 5, 2006 episode of Raw, Haas inadvertently knocked Lilian Garcia off the ring apron as he was entering the ring	ring	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
Cyrus promoted the song with several live performances. The first, at the Kids Inaugural: " We Are the Future " event on January 19, 2009, was the first time the song had ever been publicly heard. Cyrus also performed the song as the closing	closing	NOUN	number	NOUN	 number
Combined with other demands on the limited resource pool, this resulted in the Third Army exhausting its fuel supplies. Patton believed his forces were close enough to the Siegfried Line that he remarked to Bradley that with 400,000 gallons of gasoline he could be in Germany within two	two	NUM	days	NOUN	 days
Dukovac left Italy in 1946 and became a captain in the Syrian Air Force. During the 1948 Arab – Israeli War, he flew combat missions against Israel in an American T 6 Texan. Following the war, he emigrated to Canada and started a family there.	.	PUNCT	He	PRON	 He
It is a matter of debate to what extent this move was locally motivated and to what degree the Milošević led Serbian government was involved. In any event, the SAO Krajina was declared, which consisted of any Croatian territory with a substantial Serb population. The Croatian	Croatian	ADJ	government	NOUN	 government
On its initial November 12, 2009 broadcast in the United States, " Of Human Action " was watched by an estimated 5.89 million viewers, and earned a 2.2 ratings share among adults 18 – 49, tying the season average. This was a 29 percent increase	increase	NOUN	from	ADP	 from
Patton graduated from the Interlochen Arts Academy and acted in Shakespeare plays such as Much Ado About Nothing and Romeo and Juliet before he replaced Steve Burns as Joe, the host of Nickelodeon's children's television program Blue's Clues in 2002. On Patton's acting,	,	PUNCT	series	NOUN	 series
From the state line, DE 11 heads northeast on two lane, undivided Arthursville Road through a mix of woods and farms, with occasional residences. The road enters the town of Hartly, where it passes several homes. In the center of town, the route	route	NOUN	crosses	VERB	 crosses
However, also according to Chadbourne, " Ricky " lacks the comedic connection Yankovic cultivates in later albums, and the original songs " may not seem like they were written in ten minutes, but the ideas behind them don't seem to involve that much contemplation.	.	PUNCT	[	X	 [
In Drosophila and C. elegans, miRNA and siRNA are processed by distinct argonaute proteins and dicer enzymes. Three prime untranslated regions (3'UTRs) of messenger RNAs (mRNAs) often contain regulatory sequences that post transcriptionally cause RNA interference. Such 3 ' -UTRs often contain both	both	DET	binding	VERB	 binding
This proposal was cancelled on December 1, 2006, after the New Jersey Turnpike Authority decided to use funds to widen the mainline turnpike instead. By the 1990s, many traffic lights along the segment of US 1 in West Windsor and Plainsboro were removed and replaced with	with	ADP	exit	NOUN	 exit
Benigno gave the song an " A − ", and called it a " rafter raiser ". The remaining songs were reviewed less widely. " Jar of Hearts " was praised by Mullins as an " absolutely beautiful performance ", and Fallon said it was "	"	PUNCT	haunting	VERB	 haunting
Several other systems brought minor impacts to land. Overall, storms during this season caused about $59.8 million in damage and 26 fatalities. The Atlantic hurricane season officially began on June 15, 1949. However, tropical cyclogenesis did not begin until August 21, over	over	ADP	two	NUM	 two
While it was possible to repair her, the ship was not thought worth the time or expense. Her hulk was used as a gunnery target before it was sold for scrap in 1912. Iéna was designed at the request of the Board of Construction (French:	:	PUNCT	Conseil	PROPN	 Conseil
Andrew's first wife, Fenenna of Kuyavia, gave birth to a daughter, Elizabeth, in 1291 or 1292, but died in 1295. Elizabeth became engaged to Wenceslaus, the heir to Wenceslaus II of Bohemia, in 1298, but the betrothal was broken in	in	ADP	1305	NUM	 1305
The combat at Latrun also carries a symbolic significance because of the participation of Holocaust survivors. Today, the battleground site has an Israeli military museum dedicated to the Israeli Armored Corps and a memorial to the Israeli War of Independence. After the adoption of the United Nations	Nations	PROPN	Partition	PROPN	 Partition
Poe had drawn attention to it as a novelty over four months in the Philadelphia publication Alexander's Weekly Messenger in 1840. He had asked readers to submit their own substitution ciphers, boasting he could solve all of them with little effort. The challenge brought about,	,	PUNCT	as	SCONJ	 as
Cyrus is seen in a black T shirt tossing rocks at the ocean and looking at a picture of a blond woman. The woman is portrayed by Melora Hardin, who plays Lorelai, Robby Ray's love interest in Hannah Montana: The Movie. As the video	video	NOUN	progresses	NOUN	 progresses
In early October, they were invited by MTV to join the Campus Invasion Tour, playing ten dates in Canada alongside I Mother Earth, Billy Talent, and Pepper Sands. The band was also scheduled to open a spring tour for Adema but was forced to withdraw	withdraw	VERB	due	ADP	 due
The album marked a more mature approach for the band. With the departure of Cattermole, S Club released their fourth and final album, Seeing Double which contained many songs with styles not yet explored by the group. The group released " Alive " which was a	a	DET	"	PUNCT	 "
He made his National Hockey League (NHL) debut on October 7, 1995 against the Calgary Flames. Langkow appeared in four games with the Lightning before he was returned to Tri City. He scored 91 points in 48 games with the Americans and was named to	to	ADP	the	DET	 the
The key danger posed by climate change is malnutrition or starvation due to habitat loss. Polar bears hunt seals from a platform of sea ice. Rising temperatures cause the sea ice to melt earlier in the year, driving the bears to shore before they have built sufficient	sufficient	ADJ	fat	ADJ	 fat
Aspects of Confucianism, Taoism, and Buddhism were consciously synthesized in the Neo Confucian school, which eventually became Imperial orthodoxy for state bureaucratic purposes under the Ming (1368 – 1644). The Qing Dynasty (1644 – 1912), however, much favored Confucian classics	classics	NOUN	over	ADP	 over
As the population of German settlers in the region began to increase, the desire for Lutheran religious services and education also grew. Ministers, including Henry Muhlenberg disciple Christian Streit, began to establish congregations in the largest communities of western Virginia. Muhlenberg was a German pastor	pastor	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
At this point, NY 64 turns west onto US 20 and NY 5. The three routes head westward across mostly open fields, meeting the southern terminus of NY 444 south of the former village of Holcomb. Past the junction, which once served as the eastern	eastern	ADJ	terminus	NOUN	 terminus
When he finally made his speech to the assembly, he failed to respond to the political aspects of the dispute, and called for national unity in dealing with outside interests. His warnings to Jefferson on the nature of the contentious disputes going on in the state were	were	AUX	attributed	VERB	 attributed
In July 2016, The Hindu included Mullum Malarum in its list of " roles that defined Rajinikanth the actor ", commenting, " Rajini played the role of the quick tempered, lovable brother with ease, and Kali is surely one of his most revered roles.	.	PUNCT	"	PUNCT	 "
Woodford was disappointed by their silence, but acknowledged that even had he won a shareholder vote to become chief executive, the antipathy towards him of major shareholders and creditors, and the within the company about his decision to publicly disclose the accounting irregularities, would have made	made	VERB	running	VERB	 running
Shiva Purana describes Sharabha as thousand armed, lion faced and with matted hair, wings and eight feet. Sharabha Upanishad portrays Sharabha with two heads, two wings, eight legs of the lion with sharp claws and a long tail. Kalika Purana describes Sharabha as black	black	ADJ	in	ADP	 in
It had strong quill knobs on the ulna, indicating that the secondary remiges were well developed. One coracoid measured 27.5 mm (1.08 in) in length, and one carpometacarpus was 22.5 mm (0.89 in) long. The leg and feet had the same proportions	proportions	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
As the remaining Polish forces repelled the assault, their tanks were forced to use the last of their ammunition. At approximately 12: 00, the last SS remnants launched a final assault on the positions of the 9th Battalion. Polish forces defeated them at point blank	blank	ADJ	range	NOUN	 range
The proceedings were televised by the international media, but broadcast signals of CNN and BBC inside China were reportedly blocked. Images of and references to ' empty chair ' also became the target of official censorship. After the ceremony, the official Chinese news agency, Xinhua	Xinhua	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
" Robert Copsey of Digital Spy gave the song four out of five stars, commenting that although she sings through the verses in her " usual speak sing fashion ", the chorus is " joyously irresistible ". He also brands the song a " bubblegum electro stomper	stomper	NOUN	"	PUNCT	 "
The station was staffed by a single porter, responsible for opening the gates of a nearby level crossing and for loading and unloading freight (mainly milk); a small, unheated hut was provided for his use. While the original Aveling & Porter locomotive was slow	slow	ADJ	and	CCONJ	 and
Former Premier of Newfoundland Joey Smallwood declined appointment as a Companion because he felt that, as a self proclaimed Father of Confederation, he deserved a knighthood. Smallwood was never knighted and later accepted induction as a Companion. Resignations from the order can take place only through	through	ADP	the	DET	 the
The star is part of the Helmi stream, a former dwarf galaxy that merged with the Milky Way between six and nine billion years ago. As a result, HIP 13044 circles the galactic center at a highly irregular orbit with respect to the galactic plane. HIP	HIP	NOUN	13044	NUM	 13044
Dudley's mother was descended from Henry II of England through her Purefoy ancestors, and like many other young men of good birth Thomas Dudley became a page, in his case in the household of William, Baron Compton at nearby Castle Ashby. Later he raised a	a	DET	company	NOUN	 company
460 – c. 370 BC), also known as Hippocrates II, was a Greek physician of the Age of Pericles (Classical Greece), and is considered one of the most outstanding figures in the history of medicine. He is referred to as the " Father	Father	PROPN	of	ADP	 of
The Chief fights Covenant and Flood to the Captain, but finds out he is too late — the Captain has been assimilated into the parasite. The Chief retrieves the implants and leaves the Truth for the Autumn. While the Chief and Cortana head to the Autumn,	,	PUNCT	Alpha	PROPN	 Alpha
After church Homer takes Bart and Lisa to the Springfield dump to dispose of their old Christmas tree, where they find a box of Japanese dishwasher detergent known as Mr. Sparkle. The face of the character on the box of the detergent strongly resembles Homer. Meanwhile,	,	PUNCT	Marge	PROPN	 Marge
Conversely, some shortfall in return on euro deposits must be offset by some expected gain from appreciation of the euro against the dollar. The following equation represents the uncovered interest rate parity approximation. <formula> where <formula> is the change in the expected future	future	ADJ	spot	NOUN	 spot
The first distinct cracks began to appear in the spring, 1943. Galland suggested that the fighter forces defending Germany should limit the number interceptions flown to allow sufficient time for re grouping and to conserve air strength. Only by conserving its strength and its precious resources —	—	PUNCT	the	DET	 the
The next day the 1st Battalion captured Chungam ni, and the 2nd Battalion captured the long ridge line running northwest from it to the Nam River. Meanwhile, the North Koreans still held strongly against the division left where the 27th Infantry had heavy fighting in trying to	to	PART	move	VERB	 move
Black and tan markings are known as " King Charles ", while " Prince Charles " is tricoloured, " Blenheim " is red and white, and " Ruby " is a single coloured solid rich red. The " King Charles " black and tan markings typically	typically	ADV	consist	VERB	 consist
Mary Balfour (1817 – 93), a noted watercolour artist who married Henry Arthur Herbert, owner of the Muckross estate in County Kerry, and Chief Secretary for Ireland 1857 – 58 Anna Balfour (1825 – 57), who married Lord Augustus Fitzroy, later	later	ADJ	7th	ADJ	 7th
Bush woke up twenty minutes later, but did not resume his presidential powers and duties until 9: 24 a.m. EDT after the president's doctor, Richard Tubb, conducted an overall examination. Tubb said he recommended the additional time to make sure the sedative had no	no	PRON	after	ADP	 after
It is an understory plant in sclerophyll forests, associated with Eucalyptus signata and Banksia spinulosa var. collina. Both subspecies occur throughout the range. However, George rejected the varieties, stating the variability was continuous. Banksia robur and B. oblongifolia hybrids have been recorded at	at	ADP	several	ADJ	 several
Batik Jogja typically has white background and is preserved by the Yogyakarta Sultanate and Pakualaman Court. Coastal batik is produced in several areas of northern Java and Madura. In contrast to inland batik, coastal batiks have vibrant colours and patterns inspired by a wide range of cultures	cultures	NOUN	as	ADP	 as
Seismic activity around Adams is very low and it is one of the quietest volcanoes in Oregon and Washington. It is monitored by the Pacific Northwest Seismic Network and the Cascades Volcano Observatory via a seismic station on the southwest flank of the mountain. Like many other Cascade	Cascade	PROPN	volcanoes	NOUN	 volcanoes
Delegate C.W. Cleaton introduced a bill to prohibit school districts from raising private money to operate integrated schools, Senator Eugene Snydor introduced a bill to allow residents to vote on whether integrated schools should be closed and whether closed schools should be reopened as segregated, and Delegate Griffith	Griffith	PROPN	Purcell	PROPN	 Purcell
BrightSource Energy received a $1.6 billion loan guarantee from the United States Department of Energy to build the project, which deploys 347,000 heliostat mirrors focusing solar energy on boilers located on centralized solar power towers. In February 2012, Ivanpah was awarded the CSP (Concentrating Solar	Solar	PROPN	Power	PROPN	 Power
" Opposing closer Jason Isringhausen said, " ' Hells Bells ' in San Diego is Trevor. It's like when you go there, you want to [win] two out of three so you can hear it once. " The initial introduction of Hoffman's	's	PART	entrance	NOUN	 entrance
In Vižinada, the route turns south once more as it reaches the Ž5042 intersection connecting Višnjan after another five kilometres (3.1 mi), and the village of Baderna 20.5 kilometres (12.7 miles) south of the Mirna River crossing. At Baderna, D21 connects with	with	ADP	D302	PROPN	 D302
The design incorporated the principles of power and reliability established by George Churchward, using a Belpaire firebox that sloped downwards towards the cab instead of a round topped version, a regulator located in the smokebox, long travel valves for free running at high speeds, a sharply	sharply	ADV	tapered	VERB	 tapered
Boise National Forest contains 75 percent of the known populations of Sacajawea's bitterroot, a flowering plant endemic to Idaho. The Shoshone people occupied the forest before European settlers arrived in the early 1800s. Many of the early settlers were trappers and prospectors before gold was discovered	discovered	VERB	in	ADP	 in
James Longstreet eventually rode after Magruder, and persuaded him to reverse course. This incident delayed Magruder's arrival to the battlefield for three hours. Huger, worried about clashing with Union forces while marching towards Malvern Hill, had also failed to manage his division effectively.	.	PUNCT	He	PRON	 He
At the base, the tooth is broadest on the lower end. The tooth is slightly curved upward towards the tip. Measured on the lower side, the tooth is 11.76 mm long, but breakage means the true length is probably larger. The depth of the	the	DET	tooth	NOUN	 tooth
By 2000, Merle Hay Mall attracted an average of 35,000 shoppers per day. In a 1994 interview with The Des Moines Register, Iowa State University economist Kenneth Stone stated that Merle Hay Mall successfully adapted to the changing lifestyles of the 1960s and 1970s by offering longer	longer	ADV	shopping	VERB	 shopping
] I suspect the writers are aware that ultimately what all of us want for the Dunder Mifflin employees is love. " CliqueClack wrote positively of the episode, praising the ensemble acting, and wrote, " Overall, another solid ensemble episode. Way to go,	,	PUNCT	The	DET	 The
Initially these institutions were designed for the training of clerics, but they would increasingly be used by laymen who would begin to challenge the clerical monopoly of administrative post in the government and law. Scottish scholars continued to visit the continent for their second degrees and this international	international	ADJ	contact	NOUN	 contact
He wrote a book on experimental psychology and its methods and scope; published articles on the studies at his labs on perception, and on reviews of studies in the field; served on several psychological committees during and after World War I; and served as advisor to	to	ADP	doctoral	ADJ	 doctoral
It was the last in a series of three cyclones that impacted Madagascar during the year. Hudah first developed as a disturbance embedded within the monsoon trough on March 22, within the Australian region cyclone basin. Moving westward as the result of a strong subtropical ridge to	to	ADP	its	PRON	 its
" Traum durch die Dämmerung " appeared also in English in a translation by John Bernhoff and Nelia Fabretto, in transpositions for low and high voice, and with an orchestral arrangement by Robert Heger. Strauss quoted the music, as several other early works, in the	the	DET	fifth	ADJ	 fifth
During this time, Cigarette Smoking Man would often visit him in his office. Kersh assigned Mulder and Scully mostly to menial tasks, such as terrorist details and Federal background checks. Kersh was largely antagonistic to Mulder and Scully, but in " The Truth " somewhat	somewhat	ADV	redeemed	VERB	 redeemed
The red ruffed lemur was downgraded to endangered status from critically endangered status by the IUCN in 2008. The justification given includes its limited range, its restriction to only the Masoala Peninsula, and its risk from ongoing habitat loss and hunting. This species occupies a range	range	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
I no sooner received this message by him, than I rightly conceived your meaning; and if, as you say, confessing a truth indeed may procure my safety, I shall with all willingness and duty perform your demand. But let not your Grace ever imagine	imagine	VERB	,	PUNCT	,
The stadium hosted the opening ceremony followed by the opening match between Brazil and Croatia, three other group stage matches, a Round 16 match and a semi final. Due to the request of at least 65,000 seats for the World Cup opening match, temporary seats were	were	AUX	added	VERB	 added
/ Jagdgeschwader 77 (JG 77) commanded by Hilmer von Bülow Bothkamp II. / Trägergruppe 186 (Carrier Air Group 186; TrGr 186) which was officially attached to Zerstörergeschwader 1 (Destroyer Wing 1; ZG 1) but placed under Stab. / JG 1	1	NUM	for	ADP	 for
The euro was founded on 1 January 1999, when it became the currency of over 300 million people in Europe. For the first three years of its existence it was an invisible currency, only used in accountancy. Euro cash was not introduced until 1 January 2002	2002	NUM	,	PUNCT	,
Brachytherapy is commonly used as an effective treatment for cervical, prostate, breast, and skin cancer and can also be used to treat tumours in many other body sites. Treatment results have demonstrated that the cancer cure rates of brachytherapy are either comparable to surgery and EBRT	EBRT	PROPN	or	CCONJ	 or
The maximum size is subject to debate because some reports are rough estimations or speculations performed under questionable circumstances. Among living cartilaginous fish, only the whale shark (Rhincodon typus), the basking shark (Cetorhinus maximus) and the giant manta ray (Manta birostris)	)	PUNCT	,	PUNCT	,
Brogger otherwise accepted the sound as " enough [...] to get by ", but that nothing would be missed if it were turned off. Harris comparably stated that " the standard Japanese tunage could have been given a bit more variety ". The reviewers gave	gave	VERB	mixed	ADJ	 mixed
Wright then beat Miller with three consecutive leg breaks, before the batsman struck back against Bedser with consecutive boundaries for four. Together with McCool, Miller saw Australia to the target without further loss. Australia had taken the series 3 – 0, Miller scoring 384 runs	runs	NOUN	at	ADP	 at
By the next day, Homer has lost all his hair and, bald again, arrives at the meeting. His fears are alleviated when Karl appears with a pre written speech for him, but Homer is still convinced he is incapable of accomplishing anything without his hair	hair	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
Chandler in response asks a female nurse to go out on a date with him; she declines immediately, adding to his embarrassment. After Phoebe gives birth, Chandler approaches Monica in a hallway to ask if she is really going to date Dan. She replies to	to	ADP	him	PRON	 him
In the 1930 renumbering of state highways in New York, NY 30 was reassigned elsewhere while US 4 was rerouted to bypass Glens Falls to the east. As a result, Lower Warren Street and River Street became part of NY 32B. The NY 32B designation remained in	in	ADP	place	NOUN	 place
Banner agrees that it may not be a coincidence that Monroe launched a trend of platinum blonde actresses during the Civil Rights Movement, but has also criticized Dyer, pointing out that in her highly publicized private life Monroe associated with people who were seen as " white ethnics	ethnics	NOUN	"	PUNCT	 "
Cædwalla's military successes may be the reason that at about this time the term " West Saxon " starts to be used in contemporary sources, instead of " Gewisse ". It is from this time that the West Saxons began to rule over other Anglo Saxon peoples	peoples	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
Lakshmi dotes on Gundamma's daughter Saroja, an arrogant woman who loves Lakshmi. The film's centrepiece is formed by the way Lakshmi's suitor Anjaneya " Anji " Prasad and Saroja's lover Raja bring a change to Gundamma's life after the couples ' marriages.	.	PUNCT	The	DET	 The
Malcolm Allison had a strong recent record as a coach, having won trophies with Manchester City as an assistant to Joe Mercer. Allison, or ' Big Mal ' as he was nicknamed in the press, had a flamboyant personality which was something of a change for	for	ADP	the	DET	 the
Critical reception towards the video was favourable, with many critics enjoying its concept and imagery. The music video was banned in several Asian countries due to its sexual nature. For additional promotion, Minogue performed the song on various television shows, such as Germany's Next	Next	PROPN	Topmodel	PROPN	 Topmodel
Filmed shortly after the Bolshevik victory in the Russian Civil War of 1917 – 22, with the derelict battleship Dvenadsat Apostolov standing in for the broken up Potemkin, Eisenstein recast the mutiny into a predecessor of the November Revolution of 1917 that swept the Bolsheviks to power.	.	PUNCT	He	PRON	 He
The giant otter is an especially noisy animal, with a complex repertoire of vocalizations. All otters produce vocalizations, but by frequency and volume, the giant otter may be the most vocal. Duplaix identified nine distinct sounds, with further subdivisions possible, depending on context	context	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
Whiting and Magruder's erroneous reports led Lee to send a draft of orders to Magruder via Dickinson: " General Lee expects you to advance rapidly ", wrote Dickinson. " He says it is reported that the enemy is [retreating]. Press forward your whole	whole	ADJ	line	NOUN	 line
She explained, " I wouldn't ordinarily have gone. I didn't care so much about the idea of prints at that time but I desperately needed to get out of town and all of my expenses were paid. " At Tamarind, Nevelson made twenty six	six	NUM	lithographs	NOUN	 lithographs
Back in his laboratory in the basement of his house, Neville treats the female without success. The next day, he is ensnared in a trap similar to the one he used to capture the female, and by the time he manages to escape, the sun	sun	NOUN	is	AUX	 is
The system was first noted within the South Pacific convergence zone as a small tropical depression on November 13, to the northeast of the Solomon Islands. Over the next few days the system gradually developed further within an area of light winds in the upper troposphere, before	before	SCONJ	it	PRON	 it
" Andrew Lincoln as Rick Grimes: The series ' protagonist and a former sheriff's deputy who is the leader of the main group of survivors. He becomes a more cold and calculating leader over the course of the series. (seasons 1 – present) Jon	Jon	PROPN	Bernthal	PROPN	 Bernthal
A variety of signs accompany concussion including somatic (such as headache), cognitive (such as feeling in a fog), emotional (such as emotional changeability), physical signs (such as loss of consciousness or amnesia), behavioral changes (such as irritability	irritability	NOUN	)	PUNCT	)
In languages other than English, its name also reflects the action it resembles. Sports journalist Alejandro Cisternas, from Chilean newspaper El Mercurio, compiled a list of these names. In most cases, they either refer to the kick's scissor like motion, such as	as	ADP	the	DET	 the
The road contains several significant buildings including the Wellcome Library, the British Library and the St. Pancras Renaissance London Hotel. The road starts as a continuation of the A501, a major road through Central London, at its junction with Marylebone Road and Great Portland Street.	.	PUNCT	It	PRON	 It
One of the most notable story lines for Martha was her secret life as a pole dancer and subsequent road into alcoholism. This was a result of her abortion and failed relationships with Jack and Ash Nader (Ben Geurens) along with her new relationship with Cameron "	"	PUNCT	Cam	PROPN	 Cam
It often forms fairy rings or arcs but also sometimes fruits as isolated specimens. It has been found growing in the same lawn as Chlorophyllum molybdites. Analysis using stable carbon isotopes has proved that this mushroom is saprotrophic in nature, unlike the other mycorrhizal Amanitas. The	The	DET	fruit	NOUN	 fruit
Diverse and complex faulting and geologic instability have shaped the Santa Ana River watershed. The San Andreas Fault runs across the northern section of the watershed and is responsible for causing the uplift of the San Bernardino Mountains, part of the Transverse Ranges of Southern California. The	The	DET	Elsinore	PROPN	 Elsinore
Mary Schiavo was raised in Williams County, Ohio, and received her pilot's license while studying in her first two years of college at Ohio State University (OSU). She obtained a bachelor's degree from Harvard University, and a master's degree in public	public	ADJ	administration	NOUN	 administration
In July 2007 Siobhan Dillon started in the role of Patty Simcox in the musical Grease and later went on to play the lead role of Sandy in January 2010. Fellow finalist Helena Blackman played Nellie Forbush in a UK tour of South Pacific. Mulholland originated the role	role	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
The same night, Paterson was also inspired while listening to Cluster's Grosses Wasser and found that the steel works ' " huge metal arms were crushing molten rocks in time to the music ", which was something he'd " never seen, or heard, anything	anything	PRON	like	ADP	 like
Leonard worked on the chord changes for the verses and the chorus. He hired guitarist Bruce Gaitsch and bass guitar player Guy Pratt as musicians for " Like a Prayer ". Pratt had in turn hired some additional drummers who were supposed to reach Jonny Yuma in the	the	DET	morning	NOUN	 morning
We're in a cinema, and we expect something epic. " He opined that " in the great arc that is the history of The Simpsons, this film will come to be seen as oddity rather than apotheosis. " More negative reception came from the magazine	magazine	NOUN	Empire	PROPN	 Empire
On the basis of this agreement, New York public health commissioner Mark Green, with support of Mayor David Dinkins, proposed legislation that would require all fast food restaurants to display nutritional data as well. In response to the 2006 introduction of the BK XXL product line	line	NOUN	in	ADP	 in
Taiwan also decided to boycott these Games because the People's Republic of China (PRC) exerted pressure on the Montreal organizing committee to keep the delegation from the Republic of China (ROC) from competing under that name. The ROC refused a proposed compromise that would	would	AUX	have	AUX	 have
In any event, McNicoll experienced a particularly demanding tenure as Fleet Commander since the RAN was in the process of a complete overhaul of its order of battle and, as a consequence, he had to manage the introduction and deployment into service of six Ton class minesweepers	minesweepers	NOUN	acquired	VERB	 acquired
On May 31, 2014 Kai appeared on West Coast Wrestling Connection, slapping Kylie Sutton for allegedly implying that she was old. The following week, Kai was scheduled to face Sutton in a match. After refusing to participate, she forced her manager Jonny Fairplay to	to	PART	take	VERB	 take
Restoration of the reserve was assisted by Natural England, and the removal of salt was helped by natural freshwater springs. As of 2015, the reserve was fully restored and functioning. Although the financial benefits from the recreational value of the reserve currently outweigh the costs of	of	ADP	maintaining	VERB	 maintaining
The change was approved; however, the toll road was dissolved anyway three years later on March 30, 1838. At that time, maintenance of the Port Kent – Hopkinton highway was transferred to the towns it ran through. The Theodore Roosevelt International Highway, a	a	DET	transcontinental	ADJ	 transcontinental
" All but two of the accused – Allen and Larkin – claimed that they had witnesses who would testify that they were elsewhere when the police van was attacked. The defence argued that " the rescue was not illegal as the prisoners [Kelly and Deasy] were	were	AUX	wrongly	ADV	 wrongly
In the Southern Hemisphere, they feed almost exclusively on euphausiids (mainly the genera Euphausia and Thysanoessa), as well as taking small amounts of amphipods (e.g. Themisto gaudichaudii) and various species of fish. Of the more than 16,000 fin whales caught by the Japanese	Japanese	ADJ	whaling	VERB	 whaling
The Luftwaffe played only a minor role on D Day. At Gold, several small groups of bombers that arrived at sunset caused Allied casualties at Le Hamel and damaged a road near Ver sur Mer. At 06: 00 on 7 June, the operations room of	of	ADP	HMS	PROPN	 HMS
In 1996, the last of the IAF's Hunters were phased out of service, the remaining single squadron operating the Hunter converting to the newer Sukhoi Su 30MKI. In the early 1950s, the Swedish Air Force saw the need for an interceptor that could reach enemy	enemy	NOUN	bombers	NOUN	 bombers
They all have hydration rinds but no native sulfur deposits. This stage generated Aucanquilcha's only pyroclastic flow during a lava dome collapse as occurred on Merapi in Indonesia. The total volume of this stage is 0.7 cubic kilometres (0.17 cu mi), indicating a flux	flux	NOUN	rate	NOUN	 rate
The beginning of venous thrombosis is thought to be caused by tissue factor, which leads to conversion of prothrombin to thrombin, followed by fibrin deposition. Red blood cells and fibrin are the main components of venous thrombi, and the fibrin appears to attach to the blood	blood	NOUN	vessel	NOUN	 vessel
Intrigued by the often heard phrase " life as we know it ", Anderson wanted to set the aliens of his new series apart from the conventional extraterrestrials of 1960s television and cinema. He therefore worked from a basis of " life as we don't know it	it	PRON	"	PUNCT	 "
First Stanley Cup finals in the capital in 80 years The 2006 – 07 Senators thus became the first Ottawa team to be in the Stanley Cup final since 1927 and the city was swept up in the excitement. Businesses along all of the main streets posted large hand	hand	NOUN	drawn	VERB	 drawn
Kitty, George Sr. ' s former assistant and mistress, tries to blackmail the company. She is caught in the Bluth family yacht's explosion, as used in one of Gob's magic acts, but survives with a cooler full of damning evidence labeled "	"	PUNCT	H	PROPN	 H
The first mention of Guilllaume de Dole after the Middle Ages is found in the work of Claude Fauchet, who is generally considered to have studied the Vatican Regina manuscript (instead of another, now lost, manuscript). In 1844, Adelbert Keller published extracts of	of	ADP	the	DET	 the
Fellow teammate and luger Levan Gureshidize who was to compete with Nodar withdrew after the crash telling teammates that he " couldn't go on " and went home to attend the funeral. In the early morning on February 17, 2010, Kumaritashvili's body arrived in Tbilisi	Tbilisi	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
A glossy stripe, situated at the back of the note, showing the value numeral and the euro symbol. A hologram, used on the note which appears to see the hologram image change between the value and a window or doorway, but in the background,	,	PUNCT	it	PRON	 it
Several radio interviews and television stations issued information on the expected storm. Many residents believed they were insufficiently warned, though it is acknowledged that emergency managers and citizens pay less attention to gale warnings then they do for tropical cyclone warnings. On October 12, as the	the	DET	storm	NOUN	 storm
While sitting out, Brendon spots Erik and Paula engaging in meaningless and casual flirtation in the bleachers, which Brendon interprets as another possible relationship. " Get Away From My Mom " was the first episode of Home Movies, which was created by Brendon Small and Loren	Loren	PROPN	Bouchard	PROPN	 Bouchard
Beijinhos das Caldas (" little kisses ") are similar, but are smaller and spherical. Other local sweets include trouxas de ovos (poached eggs), lampreias de ovos (egg lampreys), and pão de ló do Landal (Landal sponge cake).	.	PUNCT	Savory	ADJ	 Savory
" During the 1920s professors from Boston and Harvard Universities left the confines of their campuses and traveled to teach courses offsite. While they were primarily aimed at teachers, courses were offered wherever 40 or more students expressed an interest. Professors traveled on a weekly basis to	to	ADP	places	NOUN	 places
Angle, however, decided to take his name out of the running for a title shot and vowed to fight his way through the top 10 and earn his spot at the top of the company. At Slammiversary VIII Angle started his climb back to the top by	by	ADP	defeating	VERB	 defeating
The Football Association, particularly Ted Croker, were impressed with Revie's personality and ideas. He was a popular appointment with the press and supporters, noted journalist Brian Glanville wrote that " Revie was the obvious choice ". Revie attempted to build a relationship with the	the	DET	media	NOUN	 media
The second round plays almost exactly the same as the first round; however, the questions were asked to men who belong to a specific group (e.g., married men, African American men, or men under the age of 25). Each correct prediction is	is	AUX	worth	ADJ	 worth
” The world of All That Glitters had always been female dominated but Lear also used the series to comment on changing sex roles in the United States in the 1970s. Former Major League Baseball player Wes Parker almost literally walked into his role. He was doing play	play	NOUN	by	ADP	 by
E. H. Gary, president of U. S. Steel, agreed in principle to this transaction, yet argued that without careful political maneuvering the deal would be seen by Congress as an effort to create a monopoly and thereby encounter troublesome federal anti trust litigation. Morgan himself had	had	AUX	been	AUX	 been
Drum begins with the central character, sportswriter Henry Nxumalo, reporting on a boxing match with Nelson Mandela. Nxumalo leaves his wife Florence at home while going out into his community's night life and has an affair with a female singer. He works for Drum magazine	magazine	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
The couple also had six daughters, five of whom survived infancy, and one other son, who died as an infant. Bradley's sister, Catherine Virginia (Bradley) Morrow, married Judge Thomas Z. Morrow, who made an unsuccessful run for the governorship of	of	ADP	Kentucky	PROPN	 Kentucky
Tonelli was driving the powerboat when he did a U turn that resulted in his teammate being thrown off his skis and into the water. The boat's propellor then struck the man, who died due to severe cuts and blood loss. Tonelli graduated, returned to	to	ADP	Australia	PROPN	 Australia
The song is an electro, R & B and dancehall track. Aguilera's vocals are distorted in parts. " Woohoo " contains a sample from the Hungarian song " Add már uram az esőt ", originally sung by the Hungarian singer Kati Kovács in 1972.	.	PUNCT	The	DET	 The
The game counted as a regular season game in baseball statistics. As a result, Dom DiMaggio and Vern Stephens led the league with 155 games played, which could not have been equaled by any team other than the Red Sox or Indians. DiMaggio's four at	at	ADP	bats	NOUN	 bats
After that he contacted other spiritual figures, who, along with Babajan, he later said were the five " Perfect Masters " of the age: Tajuddin Baba, Narayan Maharaj, Sai Baba of Shirdi, and Upasni Maharaj. Upasni Maharaj, he later said,	,	PUNCT	helped	VERB	 helped
After spending seven consecutive weeks atop the Hot Latin Songs chart, " Fotos y Recuerdos " was displaced by Mexican group Los Bukis ' single " Te Amo Mama ". " Fotos y Recuerdos " ended 1995 as the second most successful Latin single. Billboard magazine began	began	VERB	monitoring	VERB	 monitoring
When Lois wipes off Stewie's fake pencil mustache, Stewie compares the saliva being cleaned on his upper lip to the time he had dinner with Martin Landau. A cutaway shows Martin Landau having a distinct speech pattern by not chewing up his food as he speaks.	.	PUNCT	When	SCONJ	 When
The Immigration and Refugee Protection Act, was passed by the Parliament of Canada in 2001 as Bill C 11, which replaced the Immigration Act of 1976 as the primary federal legislation regulating immigration. Prior to the conferring of legal status on Canadian citizenship, Canada's naturalization	naturalization	NOUN	laws	NOUN	 laws
Esther Drummond, a Central Intelligence Agency (CIA) watch analyst, makes her first appearance in Torchwood: Miracle Day's premiere episode " The New World " in which she informs colleague Rex Matheson (Mekhi Phifer) about a mysterious message containing the single word "	"	PUNCT	Torchwood	PROPN	 Torchwood
The Japanese defences were well prepared though, and machine gun and mortar fire from well sited positions soon pinned down two platoons from ' B ' Company. In order to regain momentum, a flanking move to the left was undertaken by ' D ' Company, but	but	CCONJ	after	ADP	 after
For the remaining years of his life he lived with his long time mistress, the actress Peggy Primrose, whom Bottomley, in his years of riches, had vainly tried to promote to stardom. Bottomley's last public venture was an engagement at the Windmill Theatre in	in	ADP	September	PROPN	 September
Borsinger then rejoined the ICRC convoy that was moving towards the hospital to evacuate it. The hospital was also toured by French reporter Agnès Vahramian that day, and there she recorded an interview with Jean Michel Nicolier, a wounded Frenchman who fought alongside Croatian forces in Vukovar	Vukovar	PROPN	.	PUNCT	.
The review also goes on to say that the album " is no hip hop classic, but rather the breath of fresh air rap needs. " Jeff Weiss of The Los Angeles Times gave the album three stars, commenting that the album " is a catchy and	and	CCONJ	charismatic	ADJ	 charismatic
Showalter points out that Ophelia has become the symbol of the distraught and hysterical woman in modern culture. See also Literary influence of Hamlet Hamlet is one of the most quoted works in the English language, and is often included on lists of the world's greatest literature	literature	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
Smith cites the segregation of his native Mississippi and playwright August Wilson's The Pittsburgh Cycle as inspirations behind the work. Ten Freedom Summers received widespread critical acclaim and was named a finalist for the Pulitzer Prize for Music in 2013. Smith started Ten Freedom Summers in 1977	1977	NUM	,	PUNCT	,
It was drafted by Peter W. Galbraith, Leonid Kerestedjiants and Geert Hinrich Ahrens on behalf of a mini Contact Group comprising United Nations envoys and diplomats from the United States, Russia and the European Union. The co chairs of the International Conference on the Former Yugoslavia,	,	PUNCT	David	PROPN	 David
House of Pain spent 10 days working on " Gangstas iz Genocide ". Alba digitally photographed images of buildings near the Marcy Houses in Brooklyn, New York. Portions of the sequence were pre visualized in 3D Studio Max, while stills were imported as texture maps and	and	CCONJ	added	VERB	 added
Beginning in 1975 these included a plush Miss Moppet, which was discontinued in 2001 when Eden Toys went out of business. As of 2010, all 23 of Potter's small format books, including Miss Moppet, remain in print, and are available as a complete	complete	ADJ	set	NOUN	 set
Victoria herself is popularly said to have detested the fashion, inspiring a song in Punch that started: " Long live our gracious Queen / Who won't wear crinoline! " Gernsheim has noted that the Queen was often photographed in crinolines, and suggests that this misapprehension	misapprehension	NOUN	came	VERB	 came
The song's lyrics were inspired by a surrealistic story about Berlin from World War II that lead vocalist Bono heard, when overnight bombing damaged the zoo and allowed animals to escape and wander around the city's rubble. Bono was also inspired by the city's Berlin	Berlin	PROPN	Zoologischer	PROPN	 Zoologischer
A report for the Department of Health in California described the mega doses of vitamins as " hazardous " and " in some cases lethal. " Scientology's own literature reports dehydration, electrolyte disturbances including hyponatremia (low sodium level) and hypokalemia (low potassium level)	)	PUNCT	,	PUNCT	,
Later in the meeting he finished second to the two year old Energy in the Great Challenge Stakes. At the end of October, Tristan ran twice at the Newmarket Houghton meeting without reproducing his best form. In the Cambridgeshire Handicap he carried top weight of 130 pounds	pounds	NOUN	and	CCONJ	 and
It also creates a cooling effect and this may have partially masked the effect of greenhouse gases on global warming. Water covers 71% of the Earth's surface. Of this, 97.5% is the salty water of the oceans and only 2.5% freshwater, most	most	ADJ	of	ADP	 of
A Eurostar train set a new British speed record of 334.7 km / h (208.0 mph) on the first section of High Speed 1 on 30 July 2003, two months before services began running upon the first section of High Speed 1. On 16 May 2006	2006	NUM	Eurostar	PROPN	 Eurostar
Pylaiella gardneri is an obligate epiphyte to Postelsia. As with all epiphytes, these algae are not harmful to Postelsia, and merely use the larger alga as a substrate to grow upon. The blades (and less often, the stipes) of Postelsia are sometimes used	used	VERB	in	ADP	 in
" In a review for The Immaculate Collection compilation album, David Browne of Entertainment Weekly wrote that the " frothier " texture of the song added poignancy to its spiritual lyrics. Sal Cinquemani from Slant Magazine was impressed with the track, saying " ' Like a Prayer	Prayer	PROPN	'	PUNCT	 '
John (c. 1362 / 1364) — died as an infant. Elizabeth (1364 – 1426) — married John Hastings, 3rd Earl of Pembroke, John Holland, 1st Duke of Exeter, and John Cornwall, 1st Baron Fanhope, respectively. Edward of Lancaster	Lancaster	PROPN	(	PUNCT	 (
(This rule suggests that once the king has left the konakis, he can never return.) If the king is captured, the Swedes are conquered and the Muscovites victorious. Several problems of gameplay are left woefully ambiguous or completely untouched in Linnaeus ' notes,	,	PUNCT	and	CCONJ	 and
' " The dark, ironic lyrics of " Today ", describing a day when Corgan was feeling depressed and suicidal, contrast with the instrumentation. Michael Snyder of the San Francisco Chronicle said that the song is " downright pretty as rock ballads go " but that	that	SCONJ	"	PUNCT	 "
The latter was immediately replaced by a series of other curtain raisers. Arthur Sullivan conducted the first night's performance, and the theatre's music director, B. Simmons, conducted thereafter. The composer's brother, Fred Sullivan, starred as the Learned Judge, with	with	ADP	Nellie	PROPN	 Nellie
The 7th brigade was sent to the northern front. In a first phase, between 9 and 13 July, the Israelis took Lydda and Ramle and reasserted the area around Latrun by taking Salbit, but the forces are exhausted and the High Command renounced to the objective	objective	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
Garfield's accomplishments as president included a resurgence of presidential authority against senatorial courtesy in executive appointments, energizing American naval power, and purging corruption in the Post Office, all during his extremely short time in office. Garfield made notable diplomatic and judiciary appointments, including a	a	DET	U.S.	PROPN	 U.S.
However, it was most likely in recognition of his administrative ability. Symeon of Durham stated that St Calais was chosen as a bishop for this reason, describing him as " very well versed in sacred and secular learning, very conscientious in matters of divine and worldly	worldly	ADJ	business	NOUN	 business
The Witches then vanish. The Three Witches represent evil, darkness, chaos, and conflict, while their role is as agents and witnesses. Their presence communicates treason and impending doom. During Shakespeare's day, witches were seen as worse than rebels, " the	the	DET	most	ADV	 most
It has reddish brown fur, a long, shaggy tail, and a waddling gait due to its shorter front legs, and is slightly larger than a domestic cat. It is arboreal, feeds mainly on bamboo, but also eats eggs, birds, and insects	insects	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
The screenplay for the sequel was written by Eric Roth in 2001. It is based on the original novel's sequel, Gump and Co. written by Winston Groom in 1995. Roth's script begins with Forrest sitting on a bench waiting for his son to return from	from	ADP	school	NOUN	 school
The film's most difficult character to develop, Gothel's exotic appearance, whose beauty, dark curly hair and voluptuous figure were deliberately drawn to serve as a foil to Rapunzel's, was inspired by both Murphy and American singer Cher. Mother Gothel has been mostly	mostly	ADV	well	ADV	 well
The film explored the social class system in Edwardian England, with Thompson playing an idealistic, intellectual, forward looking woman who comes into association with a privileged and deeply conservative family. She actively pursued the role by writing to director James Ivory, who agreed to an	an	DET	audition	NOUN	 audition
, drums by John " J.R. " Robinson, and lyrics performed by Daft Punk using vocoders. The song reflects the duo's goal to create a light yet polished and elegant record. As stated by NME, the album begins with " a stupendously vast rock intro	intro	NOUN	that	PRON	 that
The game was never released to western markets, despite plans to do so. Dirge of Cerberus: Final Fantasy VII is an action game featuring both first and third person shooter elements. There was originally a multiplayer mode, but this was removed in the western version	version	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
With the formation of an eye, the chances of rapid intensification reached 62%, and the storm could possibly become a major hurricane — a hurricane with winds of 111 mph (178 km / h) or higher — before landfall. Beta continued to intensify as	as	ADP	convection	NOUN	 convection
Damages were greater than had been expected, with an estimated damage total of about T $18.2 million Tongan Pa ' anga (US $15.2 million) reported. A post disaster survey attributed the greater damages to higher than expected wind gusts caused by either a low	low	ADJ	level	NOUN	 level
Steam for the turbines was provided by three Admiralty 3 drum boilers. Beagle carried a maximum of 390 long tons (400 t) of fuel oil that gave her a range of 4,800 nautical miles (8,900 km; 5,500 mi) at 15 knots (28 km	km	NOUN	/	SYM	 /
The arena opened in 1939 and can seat 2,600 people. It was home to the Seton Hall University Pirates men's basketball team before they moved to Continental Airlines Arena and then the Prudential Center. Currently, the arena hosts the women's basketball and volleyball teams,	,	PUNCT	and	CCONJ	 and
Heavy rain fell across much of Pinar del Río Province. In Cape San Antonio, 4.85 in (123 mm) of rain fell by the morning of October 14. In some areas of western Cuba, the heavy precipitation was beneficial to reservoirs, grain crops,	,	PUNCT	tubers	NOUN	 tubers
What Separates Me from You received generally favorable reviews. James Christopher Monger of Allmusic said, " [It] is whiney, petulant, immature, hopeless, and thoroughly addicting, as the ten songs contained within the gatefold packaging [...] are as immaculately crafted	crafted	VERB	and	CCONJ	 and
The River Brue and its tributaries support a population of European eels (Anguilla anguilla). Reptiles found include the European adder (Vipera berus) and Grass snake (Natrix natrix). Multiple bird species include Bewick's swan (Cygnus columbianus bewickii), Eurasian bittern	bittern	NOUN	(	PUNCT	 (
He also found a morphine filled syringe at the scene, indicating that Parsons was narcotized. The police saw insufficient evidence to continue the investigation and closed the case as an accidental death. Both Wolfe and Smith suggested that Parsons ' death had been suicide, stating that	that	SCONJ	he	PRON	 he
The distributor share of Dabangg was declared to be ₹ 770 million (US $11 million) — the second highest in Bollywood. Dabangg collected ₹ 160 million (US $2.4 million) during the third week and ₹ 60 million (US $890,000) in	in	ADP	its	PRON	 its
The Saddledome is also the home of the Calgary Roughnecks of the National Lacrosse League (NLL) and hosted the 2005 NLL All Star Game. It has twice hosted the NLL Champion's Cup game: 2004 and 2009, both Calgary victories. The stadium was one	one	NUM	of	ADP	 of
Eventually Joan is tried and executed for heresy. Besson's previous film, The Fifth Element, which also starred Jovovich, was a critical and financial success, and it had a positive influence on both their careers. The Messenger was intended to follow up that success	success	NOUN	and	CCONJ	 and
Finally, a revived Anti Masonic Party nominated John W. Phelps, another Civil War general, on a platform of opposition to Freemasonry. Political prognosticators gave Weaver little chance of victory, and Dow and Phelps none at all. James Abram Garfield was raised in humble circumstances	circumstances	NOUN	on	ADP	 on
* * * * * * BLC Basic Leadership has been changed to BDCC Basic Drill and Ceremonial Course, LCIC Leadership Ceremonial Instructor Course has been changed to, DCIC Drill and Ceremonial Instructor Course. Throughout the spring and fall approximately 22,000 air cadets participate in familiarization gliding	gliding	VERB	at	ADP	 at
Each fruit contains one seed, which can be white, yellow, gray or brown depending on the variety of lettuce. The domestication of lettuce over the centuries has resulted in several changes through selective breeding: delayed bolting, larger seeds, larger leaves and heads,	,	PUNCT	better	ADJ	 better
” The writers considered including Hawkeye, but " he didn ’ t have enough to do and suddenly it seemed like we were giving him short shrift ", leading all of his parts to be fulfilled by Black Widow, and Joe Russo adding that Jeremy Renner's	's	PART	schedule	NOUN	 schedule
Experts disagree on its exact origin, although they do agree that it is an ancient breed, possibly developed from either the Tibetan pony or a cross between the Mongolian Wild Horse and the Arabian. First mentioned in written chronicles in 1584, Manipuri ponies were used as	as	ADP	cavalry	NOUN	 cavalry
Allingham was awarded four medals, two of which were medals from the First World War. The Gold Medal of Saint Omer was awarded to Allingham on 11 September 2004 when he was given the Freedom of the Town of Saint Omer. He was also awarded France's	's	PART	highest	ADJ	 highest
Chelsea Mize of Bustle wrote that Monica and Ross ' " wacky quirks become all the more understandable after... seeing them with their parents. " Encyclopedia of Television Shows, 1925 through 2010 author Vincent Terrance believes that Monica's competitiveness originates from having grown up with Ross	Ross	PROPN	as	ADP	 as
Henderson was released having fallen out of the reckoning for a first team place. York were knocked out of the Conference League Cup following a 3 – 1 away defeat by Barrow in the Northern section fourth round. Midfielder Levi Mackin was signed on loan from Wrexham until	until	ADP	the	DET	 the
Hensley's sister and brother in law traveled to Chattanooga to care for her. Hensley had five children with his second wife, Irene. She was from a prosperous Lutheran family of German descent but believed that she was suffering a curse. She and her family had	had	AUX	hoped	VERB	 hoped
During the interview, Carey addressed rumors of her breakdown and its cause, as well as of the album and its inspiration, followed by a question and answer with fans. During the album's month of release, Carey appeared on several television talk shows, launching	launching	VERB	her	PRON	 her
His fourth victory was over a North American P 51 Mustang, shot down at 20: 35 near Charleval. On 25 July 1944, the Gruppe was again tasked with a combat air patrol mission in the greater Caen area. Weissenberger received the order to take off	off	ADP	at	ADP	 at
The storm then passed through the Azores, but lost tropical characteristics by 1200 UTC on October 1. The remnant extratropical cyclone struck Portugal on October 4 and became unidentifiable over Spain later that day. A non tropical low pressure system was first noted on the coast of	of	ADP	the	DET	 the
Document authentication relates to detecting and identifying falsification of such details. One major limitation to a forensic investigation is the use of encryption; this disrupts initial examination where pertinent evidence might be located using keywords. Laws to compel individuals to disclose encryption keys are still relatively new	new	ADJ	and	CCONJ	 and
After reading the script, Jackman expressed interest in playing the part. Christopher Nolan discovered Jackman was interested in the script, and after meeting him, saw that Jackman possessed the qualities of stage showmanship that Nolan was looking for in the role of Angier. Nolan explained	explained	VERB	that	SCONJ	 that
The institute was short lived, lasting from 1860 until 1864. In 1862, Porto Alegre was among the Liberals who, along with dissident Conservatives, founded the Liga Progressista (Progressive League), which replaced the Liberal Party. He became Minister of War on 24	24	NUM	May	PROPN	 May
The Japanese bombardment, coupled with a direct order from Tsar Nicholas II, forced Vitgeft to make an attempt to reach Vladivostok. The squadron sortied in an attempt to escape to Vladivostok in the morning of 10 August. At 12: 25, it was spotted by	by	ADP	Japanese	ADJ	 Japanese
In 2001 Groves opined that there were three species (N. coucang, N. pygmaeus, and N. bengalensis), and that N. coucang itself had three subspecies (Nycticebus coucang coucang, N. c. menagensis, and N. c. javanicus). These three subspecies were promoted in	in	ADP	2010	NUM	 2010
On the front of the memorial (north side), a bronze sculpture representing the Goddess of Masonry rests halfway down the base. With her right hand, she holds the banner of the Scottish Rite on a staff. She is wearing a long Greek robe and	and	CCONJ	facing	VERB	 facing
Call it, if you will, Parliamentary Marxism. It was a Marxian analysis of economics and a parliamentary approach to politics. And if David were forced to choose, he would have chosen Parliamentary over Marxism. Lewis was a prominent figure in the British Labour Party	Party	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
After the Seventh Test in the 1970 71 Ashes series Lillee asked Keith Miller for Lindwall's address as " He might just be able to teach me how to bowl ". He published two books, Flying Stumps in 1954 and The Challenging Tests in 1961. Lindwall	Lindwall	PROPN	died	VERB	 died
In late 2008, the Southern Poverty Law Center (SPLC) described as black supremacist what it called " the extremist fringe of the Hebrew Israelite movement ". It wrote that the members of such groups " believe that Jews are devilish impostors and... openly condemn whites	whites	NOUN	as	SCONJ	 as
The show centers on FBI special agents Fox Mulder (David Duchovny) and Dana Scully (Gillian Anderson) who work on cases linked to the paranormal, called X Files. In this episode, Mulder is found near death on a Navajo reservation, and is nursed	nursed	VERB	back	ADV	 back
He soon established himself as a quality printer, and in 1551, he reprinted an elaborate edition of the Bible that he had previously produced with Seres. The next year, he secured a valuable patent to print the works of John Ponet and Thomas Beccon. This	This	PRON	enraged	VERB	 enraged
Teammate Darrius Heyward Bey said, " He's like a sponge. He's taking it all in, asking a lot of questions — and that's good for a receiver. " In December, he practiced with the first team after Isaiah Williams suffered an injury	injury	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
In the first version Nikola Jurišić rejected the offer to surrender on favourable terms, and in the second version, the city was offered terms for a nominal surrender. Suleiman, having been delayed nearly four weeks, withdrew at the arrival of the August rains, and	and	CCONJ	did	AUX	 did
In January 2014, ABC Entertainment Group president Paul Lee confirmed that the show was in development, and revealed that Tara Butters and Michele Fazekas would act as the series ' showrunners. Chris Dingess also serves as a showrunner. In March 2014, Christopher Markus & Stephen	Stephen	PROPN	McFeely	PROPN	 McFeely
A supertanker's routes are generally long, requiring it to stay at sea for extended periods, up to and beyond seventy days at a time. The act of hiring a ship to carry cargo is called chartering. Tankers are hired by four types of charter agreements	agreements	NOUN	:	PUNCT	:
" Overprotected " was performed next with Spears (dressed in a futuristic version of one of Elvis Presley's jumpsuit) surrounded by laser lights. The video backdrop showed images of a bald Spears, with her hair growing as the song went along. In the next	next	ADJ	section	NOUN	 section
" Robert Copsey from Digital Spy awarded " Beautiful People " five out of five stars, and called it a " dancehall thumper about equality and believing in yourself. " Nick Levine from BBC Music wrote that Brown is at his most ingratiating when he unites with Benassi	Benassi	PROPN	"	PUNCT	 "
Ryanair, easyJet, Thomson Airways and Palmair operate from the airport and provide scheduled services to destinations in the UK and Europe. Poole has sixteen first schooleight a few junior school, middle schools, seven combined schools, eight secondary and grammar schools, five special schools	schools	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
, fish Macrouridae genus and sp., unidentified Nemertea, and unidentified Platyhelminthes. The Longqi vent field is in a depth of 2,780 m (9,120 ft). Chrysomallon squamiferum was densely populated in the areas immediately surrounding the diffuse flow venting. The Longqi hydrothermal vent	vent	NOUN	community	NOUN	 community
The rightist members of the Army are unaware of this upcoming coup, living happily with their families. By the time they realise that something is amiss, it is too late. On the night of 30 September – 1 October, seven units are sent to kidnap	kidnap	VERB	the	DET	 the
Madonna also signed a contract with Callaway Arts & Entertainment to be the author of five children's books. The first of these books, titled The English Roses, was published in September 2003. The story was about four English schoolgirls and their envy and jealousy of	of	ADP	each	DET	 each
In an attempt to divert the attention of Brazil from the siege of the capital, the Blanco government ordered the " Vanguard Army of the Republic of Uruguay ", composed of 1,500 men under General Basilio Muñoz, to invade Brazilian soil. On 27 January 1865,	,	PUNCT	Muñoz	PROPN	 Muñoz
Zhukov learned what was happening, and hurried back to Moscow, only to be formally notified of his dismissal. At a Central Committee meeting several weeks later, not a word was said in Zhukov's defense. Khrushchev completed the consolidation of power by arranging for Bulganin	Bulganin	PROPN	's	PART	's
!! " The music video to " Fly on the Wall " was first seen on December 5, 2008 on MTV's FNMTV. The video is inspired by Michael Jackson's iconic music video, " Thriller ", but trades zombies for paparazzi. MTV also	also	ADV	compared	VERB	 compared
Her forecastle was raised one deck and her bow was remodeled with more flare to make her less wet forward. After these modifications, her beam and draft increased to 20.78 meters (68 ft 2 in) and 7.08 meters (23 ft 3 in) respectively.	.	PUNCT	Her	PRON	 Her
Most of the railway tracks in metropolitan Bombay were left underwater, paralyzing the city and forcing businesses to close for several days. The city's stock exchange remained open, though only sparse trading was observed. Flood waters isolated 46 villages in the region, prompting the	the	DET	deployment	NOUN	 deployment
This " thing " may be mind, matter or a combination of both. Over the millennia, many different definitions and treatments have been formulated. Seventeenth century philosophers René Descartes, Baruch Spinoza, Gottfried Leibniz, and Thomas Hobbes made important contributions. The conatus may	may	AUX	refer	VERB	 refer
In early 1927, FDR sold the Larocco, leaving LeHand distraught by the disruption of their life together; she had a nervous breakdown, and was briefly hospitalized and placed under suicide watch. She recovered and returned to work in November. LeHand opposed FDR's proposed	proposed	VERB	plan	NOUN	 plan
" After discovering that the Portsea offer was still open, he decided to accept, though with some misgiving. Portsea, covering much of the town of Portsmouth, was a dockside parish of around 40,000 inhabitants with a mixture of housing ranging from neat terraces to squalid	squalid	ADJ	slums	NOUN	 slums
In Vs mode, the player races on a track of their choosing either against computer controlled opponents or in local multiplayer. The mode can be played either individually or in teams, which separates racers into a blue team and a red team; in multiplayer, players	players	NOUN	can	AUX	 can
" What Now " received generally positive reviews from music critics, with many calling it an emotional, stand out song on the album and praising Rihanna's vocals. Following the release of Unapologetic, " What Now " made appearances on various charts around the world.	.	PUNCT	Following	VERB	 Following
The charges were dropped several days later. In 1983, on a twelve hour family road trip, he placed the family's dog in a windshield equipped carrier on the roof of their car, and then washed the car and carrier after the dog suffered a bout	bout	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
It is known that Hill met Fielding for legal business between 26 and 28 December 1751 after Hill was robbed. Before Hill had revealed this information, he attacked Fielding's Amelia in the London Daily Advertiser on 8 January 1752. The book's title character, Amelia	Amelia	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
Critics such as Neil Sinyard have described similarities to Henrik Ibsen's play An Enemy of the People. Gottlieb himself said he and Spielberg referred to Jaws as " Moby Dick meets Enemy of the People ". The Ibsen work features a doctor who discovers that a seaside	seaside	NOUN	town	NOUN	 town
U.S. President Theodore Roosevelt believed that the U.S. should be the main beneficiary of production in Central America. The U.S. enforced this hegemony with armed interventions in Nicaragua (1912 – 33), and Haiti (1915 – 34). The U.S. did not need to use	use	VERB	its	PRON	 its
They temporarily lost Barcarrota after a tiff with the Portuguese but soon regained control. Fernán Sánchez's grandson of the same name, son of Garci Sánchez de Badajoz, was both lord of Barcarrota and Mayor of Badajoz in 1434. Garci Sánchez de Badajoz, probably his	his	PRON	son	NOUN	 son
Gitter played the album for other Roadrunner employees and stated " The feeling was this was something that touched upon classic metal, pulls it up through hardcore, and creates something fairly new and completely exciting. When their music started circulating around the office, there was an	an	DET	immediate	ADJ	 immediate
Burke was both a preseason John R. Wooden Award top 50 selection and a preseason Naismith Award top 50 selection. Burke was suspended for the exhibition opener for " violation of team standards. " In his second game of the season, Burke tied his career high with	with	ADP	9	NUM	 9
This leads Mathiesen to conclude that Leland was working from an extant Italian language original that he describes as " authentic, but not representative " of any larger folk tradition. Anthropologist Sabina Magliocco examines the " option one " possibility, that Leland's manuscript represented a folk	folk	NOUN	tradition	NOUN	 tradition
Following the events of Batman's disappearance, Cassandra, acting under her mentor's orders in the event of his death, handed over the Batgirl mantle to Stephanie Brown, the former Spoiler and Robin. After declining an offer from Tim Drake to reclaim the Batgirl mantle	mantle	NOUN	from	ADP	 from
It's one of those big Aerosmith or Black Sabbath kind of songs. It's like an opus, with the choir and the rock and the programming. I love that song. " However, the release of " Imaginary " was scrapped and " Everybody's	's	PART	Fool	NOUN	 Fool
In May 2014 Prime Minister Shinzō Abe said Japan wanted to shed the passiveness it has maintained since the end of World War II and take more responsibility for regional security. He said Japan wanted to play a key role and offered neighboring countries Japan's support. Japan	Japan	PROPN	consists	VERB	 consists
Cases brought by Comair against the airport authority and the FAA, arguing each should share in the compensation payments, are now resolved. The case against the airport authority was dismissed on sovereign immunity grounds, and this ruling was upheld by the Kentucky Supreme Court on October	October	PROPN	1	NUM	 1
Plant species in the refuge include bulrushes, wapato, water plantain, as Oregon grape, wild trillium, camas, iris, snowberry, cattails, wild millet, wild rose, thimbleberry, and others. Wildflowers include blue chicory, Douglas spirea, and purple crocuses	crocuses	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
Mark Lawson of The Guardian noted that the cause of Cal's hermaphroditic condition is an inherited recessive gene. According to UC Riverside psychology professor Sonja Lyubomirsky, the novel examines how an individual's traits are due neither solely to nature nor solely to nurture. Similarly,	,	PUNCT	Cal	PROPN	 Cal
Promethium forms only one stable oxidation state, + 3, in the form of ions; this is in line with other lanthanides. According to its position in the periodic table, the element can not be expected to form stable + 4 or + 2 oxidation states	states	NOUN	;	PUNCT	;
Episode writer and executive show producer Danny Smith has written all Family Guy episodes to date to feature Francis; the first was " Holy Crap ". After Francis puts up the Christian cross on the Griffins ' dining table, Stewie's line, " Yeah, nothing	nothing	PRON	says	VERB	 says
When Dick tries to leave the organisation behind, he knows he can not because of the " Hypnos " implanted in his brain which allow him to hypnotise others and disguise his appearance, but also permit Spyral to monitor him always. Kathy, face disguised by hypnos	hypnos	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
Eight hours later, Rudyard Kipling's crew were allowed to re enter their lifeboats to row the remaining 5 nmi (9.3 km; 5.8 mi) to Ireland. The destroyers HMS Fortune and HMS Faulknor (who sank U 39 six days earlier), had been	been	AUX	part	NOUN	 part
However, most Antiochene lords remained hostile to the idea of a female ruler and sent envoys to Baldwin II's successor, Fulk of Anjou, who was Alice's brother in law. Alice made an alliance with Joscelin II, Count of Edessa, and Pons,	,	PUNCT	Count	PROPN	 Count
The first plans to restore the fortifications of Valletta, Birgu, Mdina and the Cittadella were made in 2006. In 2008, restoration began in Mdina, Birgu and the Cittadella. In Mdina, some of the bastions had started to slip down the clay slopes,	,	PUNCT	and	CCONJ	 and
Against the captain's wishes, the crew of the Penguin turns back to search for and rescue both Augustus and Pym. After they are safely back on land, they decide to keep this episode a secret from their parents. His first ocean misadventure does not dissuade	dissuade	VERB	Pym	PROPN	 Pym
She felt that the disease itself caused the character to grow a " backbone " as he had rarely asserted himself previously to the Captain. Kim has been used to show the multiculturalism of Star Trek: Voyager. One scene was described in " Faces " by Elisabeth	Elisabeth	PROPN	Anne	PROPN	 Anne
In 2009, it was announced that AgustaWestland was also integrating new external fuel tanks with ballistic protection. Some of the internal fuel tanks can be removed, Apaches in Afghanistan may have these removed to allow for extra ammunition for the cannon to be fitted. It has	has	AUX	been	AUX	 been
At a memorial service in Sioux Falls, Vice President Joe Biden eulogized McGovern, addressing McGovern's World War II service and his opposition to the Vietnam War in saying to his family, " Your father was a genuine hero.... Had your father not been in the	the	DET	Senate	PROPN	 Senate
The government apparently offered Coke a peerage, which he refused, and primarily focused on the abolition of slavery, which was accomplished only after the death of Fox on 13 September 1806. Fox's death made Parliament lose some of its appeal to Coke, as they	they	PRON	had	AUX	 had
At his death, Carte passed the opera company and hotels to his only surviving child, Bridget D ' Oyly Carte. The Gilbert and Sullivan operas, nurtured by Carte and his family for over a century, continue to be produced frequently today throughout the English speaking	speaking	VERB	world	NOUN	 world
She was the third member of the Etna class, which included three sister ships. Named for the volcano Mount Vesuvius, the ship's keel was laid down in July 1883. She was launched in March 1886 and was commissioned into the fleet in March 1888.	.	PUNCT	She	PRON	 She
The trains remain operated by the Norwegian State Railways (NSB), while the line itself is owned and operated by the Norwegian National Rail Administration. The Flåm Line runs from Myrdal on the Bergen Line to Flåm. Myrdal Station is located in a mountain pass at	at	ADP	863.6	NUM	 863.6
" Furthermore, VanDerWerff felt that " the more Scott and Wollaeger try to continue explaining this and tie it into the idea of child abuse, the less it attains any of the power or tragedy they want it to have. " Starpulse, in a run down	down	ADP	of	ADP	 of
Marengo again remained beyond the sandbars that marked the entrance. The boatloads of sepoys, who were still en route to Princess Charlotte, turned about and rowed back to shore to avoid capture. Sémillante took possession of the merchant ship while Marengo and Atalante engaged Centurion,	,	PUNCT	which	PRON	 which
The design for the Bussard class was prepared in 1888. The ships were significantly larger and faster than the Schwalbe class, but mounted the same battery of guns — though only Bussard carried the same type of guns — the rest carried a newer, quick firing model	model	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
For this act she was imprisoned. During the 1974 May Day meetings held at different places in Tamil Nadu, a resolution urging the Government to preserve 80 percent of jobs for Tamils was passed. Soon after this, a camp was held at Periyar Mansion in Tiruchirapalli	Tiruchirapalli	PROPN	to	PART	 to
He next scored Lands of Lore III and Command & Conquer: Red Alert 2. Klepacki defined Red Alert 2's style with heavy metal guitar and fast paced beats. Klepacki scored the game with a Korg TR Rack, Novation Nova desktop, and Roland XV 5080	5080	NUM	.	PUNCT	.
Mayer Amschel de Rothschild died in 1874, leaving his daughter not only Mentmore (with its priceless art collection), his London mansion, and innumerable investments, but also the sum of two million pounds sterling in cash (equivalent to £167 million in present day	day	NOUN	terms	NOUN	 terms
She has a difficult life with a criminal husband, Charlie, and their son Nick, who appeared in the first episode. Charlie comes and goes, always treating Dot badly and stealing from her, until he dies in a lorry accident. Nick is also a	a	DET	criminal	NOUN	 criminal
She took an active role in promoting the Girl Guide movement, the Voluntary Aid Detachment (VAD), the Land Girls and in 1918, she took a nursing course and went to work at Great Ormond Street Hospital. The first Defence of the Realm Act (	(	PUNCT	DORA	PROPN	DORA
She found that the termites bit onto the grass with their jaws. The chimpanzee had been using the grass as a tool to “ fish ” or " dip " for termites. There are more limited reports of the closely related bonobo using tools in the wild;	;	PUNCT	it	PRON	 it
Australian rules football is the most popular sport in Nauru – it and weightlifting are considered the country's national sports. There is a football league with eight teams. Other sports popular in Nauru include volleyball, netball, fishing and tennis. Nauru participates in the Commonwealth	Commonwealth	PROPN	Games	PROPN	 Games
Using his own funds, Marré paid the costs of starting the organization and covered its administrative costs for the first three years. Together with his assistant, Marré helped advertise Seacology by giving lectures at schools and universities, visiting other island nations, and writing articles about	about	ADP	the	DET	 the
Dean had been one of the preeminent pitchers in the National League until the injury to his toe eventually led to the end of his baseball playing career. Hartnett ended the 1937 season with a career high.354 batting average and finished second to Joe Medwick in voting for the	the	DET	National	PROPN	 National
However, before the legislative session, the Democrats allied with a number of Republicans, mostly from the Foraker faction, hoping to take control of the legislature and defeat Hanna. The coalition was successful in taking control of both houses of the legislature; with the Senate	Senate	PROPN	election	NOUN	 election
In general, the passage of cold fronts is more common in the south than in the north, and occurs more in winter than in summer. The movement of warm, subtropical air into the region occurs frequently in summer up to 46oS. When warm subtropical air arrives	arrives	VERB	in	ADP	 in
One important reason for BCal's interest in Concorde was that the British Government's 1976 aviation policy review had opened the possibility of BA setting up supersonic services in competition with BCal's established sphere of influence. To counteract this potential threat, BCal considered their own independent	independent	ADJ	Concorde	PROPN	 Concorde
Fame carried a maximum of 470 long tons (480 t) of fuel oil that gave her a range of 6,350 nautical miles (11,760 km; 7,310 mi) at 15 knots (28 km / h; 17 mph). The ships ' complement was 145	145	NUM	officers	NOUN	 officers
Delegate Houston appeared in support of his bill, and to the surprise of committee members, had gotten a statement from Treasury Secretary Andrew Mellon, stating that Mellon did not oppose the bill. Usually, when a commemorative coin was proposed, Mellon argued that a medal	medal	NOUN	should	AUX	 should
Serpinopathies therefore cause pathologies similarly to other proteopathies (e.g. prion diseases) via two main mechanisms. First, the lack of active serpin results in uncontrolled protease activity and tissue destruction. Second, the hyperstable polymers themselves clog up the endoplasmic reticulum of cells that synthesize serpins	serpins	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
This was widely reported as both a policy shift and a message to the US. However, Downing Street's spokesman strongly denied the suggestion that Alexander was trying to distance Britain from US foreign policy and show that Britain would not necessarily, in Tony Blair's words	words	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
Damage and deaths include totals while the storm was extratropical, a wave, or a low, and all of the damage figures are in 1988 USD. The following names were used for named storms that formed in the eastern Pacific in 1988. The names not retired	retired	VERB	from	ADP	 from
Being influenced by altitude, snowfall is also greater at higher elevations. As such, 234 cm (92 in) of snow falls on average each year in the Banff townsite, while 304 cm (120 in) falls in Lake Louise, which is located at	at	ADP	a	DET	 a
The ear canal ends at the external surface of the eardrum. Two sets of muscles are associated with the outer ear: the intrinsic and extrinsic muscles. In some mammals, these muscles can adjust the direction of the pinna. In humans, these muscles have little	little	ADJ	or	CCONJ	 or
Most fires in the park are deliberately lit and the park is regarded as a " hotspot " for arson. Arson in the park is not a recent phenomenon; an early record comes from an 1869 coronial inquiry. The park has more than one arson attack,	,	PUNCT	on	ADP	 on
Such an end to an advertised demonstration of power would be much worse than if the attempt had not been made. It was now evident that when the time came for the bombs to be used we should have only one of them available, followed afterwards by others	others	NOUN	at	ADV	 at
Early in the spring, war between the United States and Spain erupted over conditions in Cuba and the supposed Spanish destruction of the battleship Maine in Havana harbor in February 1898. By 18 May, under the command of Captain J. W. Philip, Texas was at Key	Key	PROPN	West	PROPN	 West
English wicket keeper Godfrey Evans said that the tourists " were absolutely livid " and he sympathised with them, saying that " they were right " in claiming that Bailey's bowling was " the worst kind of negative cricket " and that he had " cheated [them	them	PRON	]	X	]
Esch said " There was a lot of negative energy between Sascha and Günter Schulz and myself and we all decided on the phone to call the band quits. " Adios was released three months later, and reached No. 189 on the Billboard 200. Its title	title	NOUN	track	NOUN	 track
" Although he enjoyed most episodes of the thirteenth season, Colin Jacobson of DVD Movie Guide wrote that " Half Decent Proposal " and " The Bart Wants What It Wants " " forces [him] to rethink that opinion. " He continued, " Like '	'	PUNCT	Proposal	NOUN	 Proposal
Norton was a strong supporter of former New York State Governor Eliot Spitzer. Norton is a member of the board of trustees of Enterprise Community Partners, a non profit developer of affordable housing based in his hometown. He is also well known for his support for environmental	environmental	ADJ	causes	NOUN	 causes
In addition, Jutland rises sufficiently in the centre to lift air to higher, colder altitudes contributing to increased precipitation in eastern Jutland. Combined these factors make east and south Jutland comparatively wetter than other parts of the country. Average temperature over the year is 8.43°	°	NOUN	C	PROPN	 C
" Higgins was co editor of The Quotable Paul Johnson (1994), a book of collected quotations from the popular historian. Before Higgins ' 1991 entry into the non profit sector, she worked as a Wall Street portfolio manager for seven years, eventually attaining the	the	DET	position	NOUN	 position
General Howe then paused to consolidate his gains, and the brothers decided to make a diplomatic overture. During the battle they had captured several high ranking Continental Army officers, including Major General John Sullivan. The Howes managed to convince Sullivan that a conference with members of	of	ADP	the	DET	 the
Rattlesnakes and insects plagued early explorers and settlers in the region. The virgin forests cooled the land and streams, and centuries of accumulated organic matter in the forest soil caused slow percolation of rainfall into the creeks and runs so that they flowed more evenly year round.	.	PUNCT	Pine	PROPN	 Pine
Reedy, Bunn and Miker first ventured out on their own as DecembeRadio after a stint as touring band for evangelist Billy Wayne Arrington. After a year of gigging, DecembeRadio released two independent albums in early 2005. Following their signing with Slanted Records and the addition of	of	ADP	Daughdrill	PROPN	 Daughdrill
Within two days they had passed nearly 500 nautical miles (930 km) into the Atlantic Ocean and had encountered a British merchant convoy, Willaumez detaching in pursuit. The convoy was sailing to Britain from Gibraltar, escorted by the 64 gun HMS Polyphemus under Captain Robert	Robert	PROPN	Redmill	PROPN	 Redmill
" In a letter to Lord Sackville, Maxwell wrote that the election campaign involved " a great deal of smoking, some drinking, and kissing some hundreds of women. " Maxwell travelled down to Taunton in August to contest the seat, and the vacancy was nationally	nationally	ADV	advertised	VERB	 advertised
The need to raise the standards of hygiene and husbandry in the Birecik aviaries was reiterated, and the prevalence of skin problems in a number of zoos reinforced the view that no zoo birds should be used for any free flying trials. In future captive breeding and releasing	releasing	VERB	programmes	NOUN	 programmes
Since their inception, the band has consisted of Svein Berge and Torbjørn Brundtland. Berge and Brundtland were introduced to each other through a mutual friend in Tromsø, Norway. They both enjoyed the same films and music, and both shared an interest in electronics. The	The	DET	two	NUM	 two
Damage was heaviest at Busan where the storm struck. The port there sustained over $100,000 in damage, and nearby American military bases had over $900,000 in damage. Coastal floods washed away or damaged 15,379 homes in the Busan area, leaving 25,834 people homeless.	.	PUNCT	The	DET	 The
He grew up surrounded by music, as the town band was composed almost entirely of his uncles. After a few informal lessons on the cimbalom from his aunt, he received his first lessons on the violin from his Uncle Bernat at the age of six. Szigeti	Szigeti	PROPN	quickly	ADV	 quickly
As bronze working developed from about 2000 BCE, there was a decline in the building of large new structures, which, with a reduction of the total area under cultivation, suggests a fall in population. From the Early and Middle Bronze Age there is evidence of	of	ADP	cellular	ADJ	 cellular
The House with Chimaeras was designed by the architect Vladislav Gorodetsky in 1901 – 1902. Gorodetsky was born in 1863 into a prosperous Polish szlachta family in the Podillia region. After finishing the Imperial Academy of Arts in Saint Petersburg in 1890, he moved to Kiev,	,	PUNCT	where	SCONJ	 where
The race attracted 5.60 million television viewers. Homestead Miami Speedway is one of ten intermediate tracks to hold NASCAR races, the others being Atlanta Motor Speedway, Kansas Speedway, Chicagoland Speedway, Darlington Raceway, Texas Motor Speedway, New Hampshire Motor Speedway, Kentucky Speedway,	,	PUNCT	Las	PROPN	 Las
Drugs were another significant topic Frusciante based Niandra Lades and Usually Just a T Shirt on. According to Frusciante, he " was stoned for every single note [he] played on the album. " He increased his drug use to cope with worsening depression that was	was	AUX	caused	VERB	 caused
The city's two main museums are the Moncton Museum at Resurgo Place on Mountain Road and the Musée acadien at Université de Moncton. The Moncton Museum reopened following major renovations and an expansion to include the Transportation Discovery Centre. The Discovery Centre includes many hands on exhibits	exhibits	NOUN	highlighting	VERB	 highlighting
He won the pot and pocketed the money, before hurriedly running onto the ground late. When he was on the field and approaching the centre, Miller pulled the money out of his pockets. He brandished the notes to the crowd and taunted his English colleagues.	.	PUNCT	The	DET	 The
While Li Mi sought refuge in the rival Tang court, Wang consolidated his control over Henan and eventually deposed the Sui puppet ruler Yang Tong and declared himself as Emperor of the new Zheng dynasty. Wang's power lasted until his surrender to the Tang prince Li Shimin	Shimin	PROPN	in	ADP	 in
On 1 September 1921, Yakumo was re designated as a 1st class coast defense ship and used primarily for training duties in long distance oceanic navigation and officer training for cadets in the Imperial Japanese Navy Academy. In this capacity, she participated in 13 more voyages in	in	ADP	the	DET	 the
Moore was one of only five North Carolinians to achieve the rank of brigadier general or higher in the Continental Army. As a brigadier, he served under General Charles Lee, commander of the army's Southern Department, and was tasked with guarding Wilmington from attacks by	by	ADP	British	ADJ	 British
The race started at 9: 35 P.M. EST and televised live on Speed, while being broadcast on radio by Motor Racing Network. Krista Voda hosted Speed's prerace show, while Rick Allen, Phil Parsons and Michael Waltrip called the race from the booth; the	the	DET	network	NOUN	 network
The highway passes several large ranches and farms along this course and intersects with several county routes and private roads. For this stretch of the route, RM 187 is heading in a northeast direction. The highway turns north about two miles (3 km) south of	of	ADP	an	DET	 an
It includes one level that will take the player around 5 – 15 minutes to complete, depending on the number of secret areas the player encounters. A special Halloween themed demo was released for download on October 26, 2006, It featured some exclusive graphics and objects	objects	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
It reached number 14 on the Irish Singles Chart. The single peaked at number 22 on the Polish Dance Top 50 chart. " About a Girl " charted at number 43 on the Croatian Airplay Radio Chart, and number 69 on the Slovakian Singles Chart. The	The	DET	single	ADJ	 single
Despite the criticism, she was nominated for Choice Movie Actress – Comedy at the 2015 Teen Choice Awards. As of April 2016, Stone is filming her third film with Ryan Gosling ‍ — ‌ Damien Chazelle's musical comedy drama La La Land, in which she	she	PRON	plays	VERB	 plays
This geologic diversity contrasts with the ancient, heavily cratered surface of Mimas, another moon of Saturn slightly smaller than Enceladus. The geologically youthful terrains came as a great surprise to the scientific community, because no theory was then able to predict that such a small (	(	PUNCT	and	CCONJ	and
A feud quickly developed between Sanchez and the Davises, with Sanchez demanding a division of the property, and the Davises refusing to acknowledge that Sanchez had any claim to the island. The Davises had hoped that a restored lighthouse would be the centerpiece of their town,	,	PUNCT	but	CCONJ	 but
" Bragg's men continued northward to Bardstown where they rested and sought supplies and recruits. Meanwhile, Maj. Gen. Don Carlos Buell's Army of the Ohio, the main Union force in the state, was pressing toward Louisville. Bragg left his army and met	met	VERB	Kirby	PROPN	 Kirby
" Japanese broadcasters reversed viewer dislike of the series by focusing marketing of the show on Lisa. Lisa's well intended but ill fated struggles to be a voice of reason and a force of good in her family and community struck a chord with Japanese audiences. Mario	Mario	PROPN	D	PROPN	 D
By the end of his reign, Diocletian had secured the entire length of the Danube, provided it with forts, bridgeheads, highways, and walled towns, and sent fifteen or more legions to patrol the region; an inscription at Sexaginta Prista on the Lower Danube	Danube	PROPN	extolled	VERB	 extolled
This assessment is not universally accepted, possibly because it falls within the range of morphological variation shown by the main variety. L. volemus var. asiaticus was named in 2004 based on Vietnamese specimens; associating with Khasi pine (Pinus khasya), it has small,	,	PUNCT	dull	ADJ	 dull
The production closed on January 25, 2009, after over 1,500 performances. The touring production returned to Chicago for a special engagement at the Cadillac Palace Theatre from December 1, 2010 to January 23, 2011. In celebration of the musical's 10th anniversary, the	the	DET	tour	NOUN	 tour
It consists of beet sour or beet juice blended with sour cream, buttermilk, soured milk, kefir and / or yogurt, and is refrigerated. The mixture has a distinctive pink or magenta color. It is typically served over finely chopped beetroot, cucumbers, radishes	radishes	NOUN	and	CCONJ	 and
In the same speech in which he threatened to bring down the government on the supply motion, Blue attacked the trip as an extravagance that depression ridden Alberta could ill afford. Faced with a political insurgency at home, Aberhart reluctantly decided at the end of March to	to	PART	cancel	VERB	 cancel
Jiang was initially sentenced to eight years in prison on trumped up charges, for which Bo was criticized, but was released after five years under international pressure. Yang Rong, the former chief executive of Brilliance China Automotive who fled to the United States after getting embroiled	embroiled	VERB	in	ADP	 in
" In 2016, The Guardian compared West to the late David Bowie within the " modern mainstream ", arguing that " there is nobody else who can sell as many records as West does [...] while remaining so resolutely experimental and capable of stirring things up	up	ADP	culturally	ADV	 culturally
Conductor Nikolaus Harnoncourt, a leading Monteverdi interpreter, refers to the contemporary practice of leaving much of a score open, to allow for differing local performance conditions. Another convention made it unnecessary to write down detail that performers would take for granted. Neither Venice nor Naples	Naples	PROPN	score	NOUN	 score
Then the conspirators marched towards the Great Palace. Avoiding the Chalke Gate, which was held by the feared Varangian Guard, they made for the imperial box in the Hippodrome, the kathisma, which was connected to the palace precinct. John's supporters indeed managed to	to	PART	drive	VERB	 drive
In larger case series, the mortality was 1.6% overall. In the group of patients who were unwell enough to require surgery, the mortality was 1.9%, with no deaths in those who could be treated conservatively. After an episode of pituitary apoplexy, 80	80	NUM	%	NOUN	%
Brittan was succeeded by James Somerville Turnbull, who was elected unopposed. William Wilson, who later became the first Mayor of Christchurch, publicly thanked Brittan at Turnbull's nomination meeting for the years of service that he had given. In mid 1863, Brittan was appointed	appointed	VERB	resident	ADJ	 resident
A 1995 study of the occurrence of British Sarcoscypha (including S. coccinea and S. austriaca) concluded that S. coccinea was becoming very rare in Great Britain. All species of Sarcoscypha, including S. coccinea, are Red Listed in Europe. In Turkey, it is considered	considered	VERB	critically	ADV	 critically
" This is someone that I grew up with and loved. Now I feel like I didn't know this person, " she said in the statement issued through a North Carolinian attorney. " We never could have envisioned that he was capable of so much violence	violence	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
" West Coast " received critical acclaim from contemporary music critics. Michael Nelson of Stereogum commented, " This is just a haunting, hypnotic piece of music that sends chills up and down my entire skeleton, especially when the tempo shifts downward on the chorus ".	.	PUNCT	Nylon	NOUN	 Nylon
Leonardo made over 240 detailed drawings and wrote about 13,000 words towards a treatise on anatomy. These papers were left to his heir, Francesco Melzi, for publication, a task of overwhelming difficulty because of its scope and Leonardo's idiosyncratic writing. It was left incomplete	incomplete	ADJ	at	ADP	 at
In regards to bringing in P.A.Works as the animation studio, Toba had taken notice of the company from back when they provided in between animation and production assistance for Fullmetal Alchemist (2003 – 4) and Darker than Black (2007), respectively; Aniplex helped produce	produce	VERB	both	DET	 both
Four different attachment classifications have been identified in children: secure attachment, anxious ambivalent attachment, anxious avoidant attachment, and disorganized attachment. Attachment theory has become the dominant theory used today in the study of infant and toddler behavior and in the fields of infant mental health	health	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
D ' Ambrosio did not qualify after failing to set a time within 107% in the first qualifying session. However the stewards allowed him to race, having considered he was using a new chassis after an accident in Friday practice, where he had set faster lap	lap	NOUN	times	NOUN	 times
The other road segment had been upgraded to a metal surface. In addition, a new bridge had been constructed along the RM 2134 portion, and it had been straightened generally along the present location of RE 11. In 1985, plans were approved for the construction	construction	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
The second game took place on 30 December 1953 when Midlands Counties played another New Zealand side on their 1953 – 54 tour of United Kingdom, Ireland, France and North America. The Midlands side lost 18 – 3. On 26 August 1985, it played host	host	NOUN	to	ADP	 to
Games in the genre typically focus on dance or the simulated performance of musical instruments, and require players to press buttons in a sequence dictated on the screen. Doing so causes the game's protagonist or avatar to dance or to play their instrument correctly, which increases	increases	VERB	the	DET	 the
Boston won the series in seven games however, and earned their 11th NBA Championship in 13 seasons. West was named the first ever Finals MVP; this remains the only time that a member of the losing team has won the award. In 1970, West won	won	VERB	his	PRON	 his
Then, it essentially costs the Government nothing whatever to render this mark of tribute and assistance. " The committee reported the bill favorably on January 18, amending the bill to allow for the 100,000 gold dollars, to be purchased by the Association at par and sold	sold	VERB	at	ADP	 at
In addition, his foot speed relative to his size allows him to run the fast break and finish effectively. He is also a skilled passer for a big man, earning 3.3 assists per game over his career. Defensively, he is an above average shot blocker	blocker	NOUN	with	ADP	 with
The time between one perigee and the next is slightly longer than the sidereal month and known as the anomalistic month. The Moon's orbit intersects with the ecliptic at the two nodes that are 180 degrees apart. Therefore, the new moon occurs close to the nodes	nodes	NOUN	at	ADP	 at
One of them included a 10 inning shutout effort that led to a 16 inning 1 – 0 Astros victory against the Dodgers. By the end of May, however, Richard was sitting even with a 5 – 5 record, loser of four straight decisions. He	He	PRON	closed	VERB	 closed
A tattoo on his right shoulder of the Cobra Command logo, G.I. Joe's enemy. Punk is well known for his love of comic books, considering them along with jazz and professional wrestling as three of the original arts that America has given to the world.	.	PUNCT	A	DET	 A
While UMB, the International Olympic Committee recognized world carom billiards authority, technically permits balls as small as 61 mm (2.4 in), no major manufacturer produces such balls any longer, and the de facto standard is 61.5 mm (2.42 in). The three	three	NUM	standard	ADJ	 standard
In the rebellion, separate risings occurred simultaneously in Bodmin in Corwall, and Sampford Courtenay in Devon — which would both converge at Exeter, laying siege to the region's largest Protestant city. However, the rebellion was suppressed thanks largely to the aid of foreign mercenaries	mercenaries	NOUN	in	ADP	 in
Under television rules at the time, the Jets – Raiders game was blacked out within 90 miles of Oakland even though it was a sellout, leaving then NBC affiliate KRON TV (channel 4) and other NBC affiliates in nearby markets unable to show the game.	.	PUNCT	Heidi	PROPN	 Heidi
Furthermore, the genitive pronouns may take a further case suffix, as in the example: gorun nganing gin ba house my ALL'to my house ' This would be prohibited by the restriction against case stacking in Wagiman if the genitive -gin were a case suffix. Verbs are	are	AUX	a	DET	 a
This has resulted in the targeting of student activists by criminal and paramilitary groups. On October 4, 2006, a student of Technology of Prehospital Attention and representative at the Academic Council, Julian Andrés Hurtado, was killed by hitmen. In his honor, the Government	Government	PROPN	of	ADP	 of
Within Coronosauria, three groups are generally recognized, although the membership of these groups varies somewhat from study to study and some animals may not fit in any of them. One group can be called Protoceratopsidae and includes Protoceratops and its closest relatives, all Asian. Another	Another	DET	group	NOUN	 group
" Menachem wrote, " She may be reaching a new level with a poised vocal performance, as she too is looking to be taken seriously. " Joey Guerra of The Houston Chronicle called the track an " age appropriate blueprint laid out by Hilary Duff and [	[	X	Miley	PROPN	Miley
Charity credited the dialogue as " bitingly smart, funny teen speak... along with sharp pop culture references ". Mary Pols of Time magazine called the film entertaining and reasoned " [t] here is a lot of intelligent camp here, and some sharply observed characterizations	characterizations	NOUN	"	PUNCT	 "
Stephen prepared for the Angevin invasion by creating a number of additional earldoms. Only a handful of earldoms had existed under Henry I and these had been largely symbolic in nature. Stephen created many more, filling them with men he considered to be loyal, capable military	military	ADJ	commanders	NOUN	 commanders
Upon his arrival he learned that the Ethiopian detachment intended for the diversion was not in the fort. They had been dispatched on a routine deployment to another nearby crossing, and Dunmore had failed to send orders ensuring their availability for the operation. Leslie decided to proceed	proceed	VERB	with	ADP	 with
SvalSat merged with TSS in 2002 to form KSAT. The first proposals for a telemetry station in Tromsø were made in early 1964. The concept was to build a real time telemetry station which would allow for simultaneous observations of the ionosphere from both satellites and sounding rockets	rockets	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
Keef's cousin and fellow rapper, Fredo Santana, Keef's uncle Alonzo Carter, and Anthony H. Dade, owned the remaining 20% of GBE. Various associates of Keef's would be signed with the label, such as rappers Lil Reese, Fredo Santana and	and	CCONJ	producer	NOUN	 producer
Jainism is perhaps the only religion in the world that requires all its adherents to follow a strict vegetarian diet. Vegetarian food that also involves more harm to the living beings such as roots, bulbs, multi seeded vegetables etc. are avoided by strict Jains. The	The	DET	importance	NOUN	 importance
Screenshots were taken as a reference, with designers keeping the same color schemes when creating the 3D worlds. Programmers had to reverse engineer the original gameplay to accurately reproduce it. They had to " measure how fast the arm goes out, how fast you swing back	back	ADV	and	CCONJ	 and
The British had planned an attempt on Louisbourg but the operation was called off, and they sailed instead for winter quarters in New York. In 1758, the 17th Foot was sent back to Halifax, once again with the goal of taking Louisbourg. The British commanders	commanders	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
With his combination of grades and basketball skills, Bosh was on a number of college recruiting lists. The University of Florida and the University of Memphis made serious attempts, but it was Paul Hewitt, coach of Georgia Tech, who made the best impression. Bosh	Bosh	PROPN	felt	VERB	 felt
Law and Politics Book Review concluded " Beyond the First Amendment is an intriguing and important contribution to the literature on free speech ". Samuel Peter Nelson graduated from Northwestern University with a Bachelor of Arts degree. He subsequently obtained a PhD from the University of Wisconsin Madison	Madison	PROPN	.	PUNCT	.
Bob Ezrin, producer for Pink Floyd, Kiss, Alice Cooper, and Peter Gabriel, described Reznor in 2007 as a " true visionary " and advised aspiring artists to take note of his no compromise attitude. Nine Inch Nails has been credited by music journalists for	for	ADP	popularizing	VERB	 popularizing
Polly shows little regard for her personal safety as she photographs the action from the street. Meanwhile, Joe engages the robots with his highly modified Curtiss P 40 pursuit fighter and eventually manages to disable one robot. The rest of the robots leave soon after. News	News	NOUN	reports	NOUN	 reports
On February 11, 2001, she embarked on a promotional tour leading up to the album's release on May 15, 2001. Olivia received mixed reviews from music critics. A reviewer in Honey praised the album, saying: " Hip Hop Soul has a real	real	ADJ	voice	NOUN	 voice
" The Seattle Times gave House three out of four stars, stating that what the film " lacks in technical wizardry it more than makes up for in playful ingenuity, injecting cheesy effects into outrageously stylized set pieces. " Slant Magazine gave the film three stars out	out	ADP	of	ADP	 of
Since 2002 he has maintained a close friendship with his longtime tag team partner Shelton Benjamin, who he often refers to as his brother. Benjamin also served as Haas's best man at his wedding to Jackie Gayda. His grandfather, Hugh Devore, was an assistant	assistant	NOUN	with	ADP	 with
He previously played in the NHL for the Montreal Canadiens, Carolina Hurricanes, Vancouver Canucks, San Jose Sharks, Columbus Blue Jackets, Dallas Stars and the New York Rangers. Malhotra is known as a two way forward and for his faceoff proficiency. Malhotra was drafted	drafted	VERB	in	ADP	 in
In 1936, local businessman Leonard P. Thompson threatened to lead a breakaway from the amateur club to create an entirely separate professional club, Ipswich United. John Murray Cobbold, the club President, called together rival factions for a meeting at the Town Hall on 1 May	May	PROPN	1936	NUM	 1936
The adverts received much criticism. Writing in The Guardian, Charlie Brooker claimed that the use of Mitchell and Webb in the adverts was a curious choice. He compared the characters of PC and Mac in the adverts to those of Mark and Jeremy in Peep Show,	,	PUNCT	stating	VERB	 stating
When Shōji reached the 17th Army positions west of the Matanikau, only 700 800 survivors were still with him. Survivors from Shōji's force later participated in the Battle of Mount Austen, the Galloping Horse, and the Sea Horse in December 1942 and January 1943.	.	PUNCT	During	ADP	 During
300 won both the Best Dramatic Film and Best Action Film honors in the 2006 – 2007 Golden Icon Awards presented by Travolta Family Entertainment. In December 2007, 300 won IGN's Movie of the Year 2007, along with Best Comic Book Adaptation and King Leonidas as	as	ADP	Favorite	PROPN	 Favorite
In fewer than 15 minutes, 13 – 14 tanks, two anti tank guns and 13 – 15 transport vehicles had been destroyed by the 2nd Company, schwere SS Panzer Abteilung, many by Wittmann. Wittmann and the crew made their way to the Panzer Lehr Division	Division	PROPN	headquarters	NOUN	 headquarters
Tantor Media published the 10.5 hour long, unabridged audiobook on April 1, 2004 and re released it on January 1, 2005. Voiced by Shelly Frasier, it was criticized by John Adams of Locus as being pleasant but with distracting dialects. The audiobook is available	available	ADJ	as	ADP	 as
He was aided by preferences from the Democratic Labor Party (DLP), which had broken away from the ALP during the 1950s, claiming that it was too soft towards communism; fears of left wing influence was causing great concern in Australian society at the time.	.	PUNCT	Loxton	PROPN	 Loxton
The first land claim in Lafayette County was made in tandem by Omri Spafford and Francis Spencer in 1830. The location that become known as Spafford Farm, was located near the junction of the Spafford's Branch and the Pecatonica River. The pair made many improvements on	on	ADP	the	DET	 the
Walters left the RAAF on 16 May 1962, after completing his posting at Headquarters Support Command. His pending retirement and succession by Air Vice Marshal Douglas Candy had been announced the previous November. Walters followed horse racing in private life. Survived by his wife and daughter	daughter	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
It is Beck's first solo recording and has been described as " one of the great rock instrumentals, epic in scope, harmonically and rhythmically ambitious yet infused with primal energy ". " Beck's Bolero " features a prominent melody with multiple guitar parts propelled by	by	ADP	a	DET	 a
At the end of each World Cup, awards are presented to the players and teams for accomplishments other than their final team positions in the tournament. There are currently six awards: The Golden Ball for the best player, determined by a vote of media members (	(	PUNCT	first	ADV	first
” Another reporter described Heikkinen as “ Michigan ’ s 182 pound dynamo, ” who was “ fast as a halfback, and possessing the quickest charge his coach, Fritz Crisler, has seen. ” In addition to the All American honors, Heikkinen finished second in	in	ADP	voting	NOUN	 voting
" In the lead up to the final, the South Wales Echo reported that many tickets were being sold on the black market, for " 20 times " the face value price. Nine days before the final, the two clubs faced each other in a league	league	NOUN	match	NOUN	 match
The reorganisation meant the number of appliances was reduced, until only three remained at the station. The control room at London Road closed in 1979, replaced by a single computerised control room at brigade headquarters in Swinton. In the same year, following the establishment of	of	ADP	Greater	PROPN	 Greater
While helping in the reduction of Corsica, Downman cut out a French gunboat from under the guns of a battery at St Fiorenzo, and later led a party of 100 seamen and marines in scaling a cliff to place a gun overlooking the enemy's defences. For	For	ADP	these	DET	 these
While the producers and development executive Larry Wilson sought a writer for Alien II, Wilson came across James Cameron's screenplay for The Terminator, and passed the script to Giler feeling Cameron was apt for the job. Giler then approached Cameron, who was completing pre production	production	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
The epiphytes include benthic diatoms, forams, bacteria, bryozoans, sponges and algae. The foram Cibicides refulgens lives parasitically on the scallop's shell and also grazes on the algae and bacteria growing there. In a research study, 10 different species of demosponge were found	found	VERB	growing	VERB	 growing
" He did not complete the score of the new opera until August 1970. Owen Wingrave was first broadcast in Britain in May 1971, when it was also televised in Austria, Belgium, Denmark, France, Germany, Ireland, the Netherlands, Norway, Sweden	Sweden	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
It was released on September 11, 2015, by Sony Music Latin. After the success of her previous live album, Primera Fila (2013) and its promotional tour, Guzmán recorded the album with original songs, composed and produced by her and Argentinian musician José	José	PROPN	Luis	PROPN	 Luis
As he was only given three days of work per month by the BBC, he continued to freelance and volunteer for the Sherman Theatre. In 1986, he was approached by the Sunday Sport before its launch to provide a football themed daily strip; he declined because	because	SCONJ	he	PRON	 he
The club won the First Division title for the first time in 1937, but were relegated the following season, despite scoring more goals than any other team in the division. Twenty years later, a City team inspired by a tactical system known as the Revie Plan	Plan	PROPN	reached	VERB	 reached
Bang! Pow! Boom! peaked at number four in the Billboard Top 200. Critics praised Clark's production and the return to the Dark Carnival concept. In 2010, Psychopathic Records released a " Nuclear Edition " of the album, which featured previously unreleased material	material	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
At the time, the precious metal in a silver dollar was worth about $0.53, and under such proposals, silver worth that much would be returned to depositors as a one dollar coin, " free " — that is, without a charge for the Mint	Mint	PROPN	's	PART	's
In April 1881, Gladstone introduced the Land Law (Ireland) Act 1881, in which the principle of the dual ownership of the land between landlords and tenants was established, and the three Fs introduced. The act set up the Irish Land Commission, a judicial	judicial	ADJ	body	NOUN	 body
The participants are then given a pile of additional cards and are asked to match each one to one of the previous cards. Typically, children between ages nine and eleven demonstrate the cognitive flexibility needed for this test. The Stroop Test is also known as the Color	Color	PROPN	word	NOUN	 word
Notable grammatical characteristics marked with inflectional prefixes and suffixes include: A distinction between obviative and proximate third person, marked on both verbs and nouns. Extensive marking on verbs of inflectional information concerning person. Number (singular and plural). Tense. Modality. Evidentiality.	.	PUNCT	Negation	NOUN	 Negation
The upper level environment ahead of the storm was very favorable, and the oceanic heat content was very high. Just ten months after the destructive Hurricane Michelle, Hurricane Isidore threatened to cause similar effects in Cuba. In preparation for the storm, about 292,000 people and	and	CCONJ	thousands	NOUN	 thousands
Within days she was back performing in London music halls. From the start of the new century, music hall artistes and theatre managers had been in dispute over working conditions, a reduction in pay and perks, and an increased number of matinée performances. The first	first	ADJ	significant	ADJ	 significant
In practice, however, the vagueness of Pancasila was exploited by Suharto's government to justify their actions and to condemn their opponents as " anti Pancasila ". The New Order also implemented the Dwifungsi (" Dual Function ") policy enabled the military to have an	an	DET	active	ADJ	 active
His 1413 wins as a manager ranks 23rd all time (as of the start of the 2012 season). He learned his managerial strategy by observing Hanlon and Bresnahan. His managerial style at first emphasized speed, base stealing, hit- and run plays and " slap	slap	NOUN	"	PUNCT	 "
The family survived The Holocaust and was reunited in Berlin after the war. Franklin decided to study science because she went to school during a time when the teaching of history was censored. " I remember a real subversive pleasure, " she told an interviewer many years	years	NOUN	later	ADV	 later
Officials gave Frank a hazard rating of intense for the Mexican Pacific, and strong for Baja California Sur. In Guerrero, Michoacán, and Jalisco, alerts were issued due to the threat of torrential rainfall. Forecasters also noted the possibility of the storm affecting Sinaloa,	,	PUNCT	with	ADP	 with
Moreover, Guelph aristocrats continued to be regularly elected over the Ghibellines, and began to make the Republic far less democratic. Carlo Gonzaga, Captain of the People, lived luxuriously as an autocrat with his will as law. He was supported by Giovanni Appiani and Giovanni	Giovanni	PROPN	Ossona	PROPN	 Ossona
Columbuthurai, which connected the Peninsula with the mainland at Poonakari with its boat services, was one of the chief port, and there were customs check posts at the sand passes of Pachilaippalai. Elephants from the southern Sinhalese kingdoms and the Vanni region were brought to Jaffna	Jaffna	PROPN	to	PART	 to
Orcas (Orcinus orca), mostly take adult birds, although they will attack penguins of any age in or near water. Emperor penguins are able to breed at around three years of age, and usually commence breeding around one to three years later. The yearly	yearly	ADJ	reproductive	ADJ	 reproductive
While the above model of E LTP describes entirely postsynaptic mechanisms for induction, maintenance, and expression, an additional component of expression may occur presynaptically. One hypothesis of this presynaptic facilitation is that persistent CaMKII activity in the postsynaptic cell during E LTP may lead to the	the	DET	synthesis	NOUN	 synthesis
Upon receiving objections from the cabinet, the General Assembly and the Council of State, Pedro II pronounced: " If they can prevent me from going as an Emperor, they can not prevent me from abdicating and going as a Fatherland Volunteer " — an allusion to	to	ADP	those	DET	 those
Back at the office, Dwight is left in charge. Everyone leaves except his ex girlfriend Angela, leading to an awkward day. After Ryan Howard (B. J. Novak) gives Jim Halpert (John Krasinski) a warning about his job performance, Jim tries to	to	PART	land	VERB	 land
The campaign drew in some high level supporters, among whom was George Hammond Whalley, a controversial anti Catholic who was MP for Peterborough. He and Onslow were sometimes incautious in their speeches; after a meeting in St James's Hall, London, on 11 December	December	PROPN	1872	NUM	 1872
The specific spacecraft systems would also be evaluated and tested, and the worldwide tracking and communications network would be tested to see how well it would stand up in an extended mission. The flight control experiments included manually turning the spacecraft around, yaw and pitch manoeuvres to	to	PART	determine	VERB	 determine
I played a small theater in Seattle, and the girls had flap skirts on and the tights cut off below their knees and lace gloves and rosaries and bows in their hair and big hoop earrings. I was like, ' This is insane! ' After Seattle	Seattle	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
Over time intervals of hundreds of millions of years, random celestial events pose a global risk to the biosphere, which can result in mass extinctions. These include impacts by comets or asteroids with diameters of 5 – 10 km (3.1 – 6.2 mi) or more	more	ADJ	,	PUNCT	,
Pinnipeds may move further inland and rest in sand dunes or vegetation, and may even climb cliffs. Polar living species haul out on to both fast ice and pack ice. Pinnipeds have an amphibious lifestyle; they spend most of their lives in the water, but	but	CCONJ	haul	VERB	 haul
" Time Out noted: " The weight watchers script sensibly dispenses with several characters to serve a brew that's enjoyably spicy but low on substance. So much story is squeezed into 131 minutes that little time's left for analysis or characterization. " Producer Dino De	De	PROPN	Laurentiis	PROPN	 Laurentiis
The game was released in February 2006 in Japan and in February 2007 in North America. The game takes place in a world where monsters and human beings once lived in harmony. The monsters were hunted and many of them were eventually imprisoned in devices called " jewels	jewels	NOUN	"	PUNCT	 "
The second idea of the verse, Et sanctum nomen eius (And holy is his name), builds similarly. The alto begins, marked " dolce and tranquillo " (sweet and calm) a melody of ten measures, beginning like the first motiv but more	more	ADJ	flowing	VERB	 flowing
' That's how the idea of the Celestial Brush was born ". Original concepts for enemies included the use of dinosaurs, but the designs settled onto more demon like characters. Amaterasu's initial designs were aimed to avoid having the character look like " your pet	pet	NOUN	wearing	VERB	 wearing
It transferred its C 130Hs to No. 37 Squadron on 17 November 2006, prior to relocating to Amberley. Also on 17 November, Wing Commander Linda Corbould took command of the unit, becoming the first woman to lead an RAAF flying squadron. Corbould was responsible	responsible	ADJ	for	ADP	 for
From the Albanian perspective, adopted also by Italian and Austrian sources of that time, the Northern Epirote movement was directly supported by the Greek state, with the help of a minority of inhabitants in the region, resulting in chaos and political instability in all of Albania	Albania	PROPN	.	PUNCT	.
Colbert appeared in a small supporting role in the 2005 film adaptation of Bewitched. He has made guest appearances on the television series Curb Your Enthusiasm, Spin City, and Law & Order: Criminal Intent, and on the first season of the US improvisational comedy show	show	NOUN	Whose	DET	 Whose
Mounting a main armament of eight 30.5 cm (12 in) guns, Derfflinger was the largest and most powerful German battlecruiser at the time. The ship's armament was rounded out by twelve 15 cm (5.9 in) guns in single casemate mounts and eight 8.8	8.8	NUM	cm	NOUN	 cm
If they made any mistakes during such performances, the entire group was beaten with bamboo canes. Schools with less harsh training methods began to appear in 1930, but all schools were closed down in 1931 after the Japanese invasion. New schools were not opened until 1952	1952	NUM	.	PUNCT	.
He was loaned out to Second Division side Peterborough United until the end of the 2002 – 03 season on 27 March 2003 and he made his debut two days later as an 85th minute substitute in a 5 – 1 victory at Mansfield Town. He finished the season	season	NOUN	with	ADP	 with
In August 2005, Smith gave a literary lecture about the poems of Arthur Rimbaud and William Blake. On October 15, 2006, Patti Smith performed at the CBGB nightclub, with a 3 ½ -hour tour de force to close out Manhattan's music venue. She	She	PRON	took	VERB	 took
Indeed, one of his major supporters, the eminent Metropolitan of Naupaktos, John Apokaukos, in a letter to the Patriarch in 1222 declared that the Epirotes already regarded Theodore as their " God sent regent and emperor ", and later wrote to Theodore's wife expressing	expressing	VERB	the	DET	 the
The Congress proposed the Twenty fifth Amendment on July 6, 1965, and the amendment was ratified by the following states: The following states have not ratified the amendment: North Dakota Georgia South Carolina Just six days after its submission, Nebraska and Wisconsin were the first	first	ADJ	states	NOUN	 states
In the experiment, the frog's leg was almost completely severed from its body, leaving only the sciatic nerve connected, and electric current was then applied from the body to the leg. Convulsions of the leg were seen when the muscle was stimulated. Reversing the	the	DET	current	NOUN	 current
Development of Jedi Knight was led by Justin Chin, who had also worked on the previous game. The most significant developments for Jedi Knight are the use of The Force and the lightsaber. The Force plays an integral role in how the player plays the game and	and	CCONJ	shapes	VERB	 shapes
Concern has been expressed, as the ongoing spread of the red maple is changing the nature of eastern forests by reducing the number of oaks, hickorys and pines that would otherwise dominate. Extensive use of red maple in landscaping has also contributed to the surge in the	the	DET	species	NOUN	 species
Atholl's elder son, David had been one of the hostages sent to England as a condition of James's release and had died there in 1434 — his younger son, Alan died in the king's service at the Battle of Inverlochy in 1431. David's	's	PART	son	NOUN	 son
He scored to put Brazil 3 – 2 up in their eventual 5 – 2 win in the final over France. After missing the 2014 FIFA World Cup on home soil, Marquinhos returned to the senior side in September 2014 under new manager Dunga. He featured in	in	ADP	friendly	ADJ	 friendly
She therefore supported herself through medical school by working as a musician in local bars and theaters, as a tutor, and as a laboratory assistant. In November 1925, she married David L. Mills, a lawyer, and gave birth to a daughter the year after	after	ADV	.	PUNCT	.
Corum's legacy went well beyond wins and losses, however, as he integrated WVU football in 1963 with the program's first African American recruits in Roger Alford and Dick Leftridge. Following the 1965 season, Jim Carlen took over for Corum as head coach. After	After	ADP	a	DET	 a
Andrée being Sweden's first balloonist, no national had the requisite knowledge to second guess him about buoyancy or drag ropes; but both Germany and France had long ballooning traditions and several of their more experienced balloonists expressed skepticism about Andrée's methods and inventions. However,	,	PUNCT	just	ADV	 just
He was, therefore, buried in an unmarked grave which was purchased cheaply from Benjamin Howland, a local carpenter. The Boston Athenæum held a benefit exhibition of his works in August 1828 in an effort to provide financial aid for Stuart's family. Over 250 portraits	portraits	NOUN	were	AUX	 were
The session, which produced recordings of " Long Black Limousine ", " Wearin ' That Loved On Look " and several non album songs, continued until 5: 00 am. After the first day's recording, Moman and his colleagues expressed discomfort with the size	size	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
The U.S., featuring many players new to the sport of rugby, caused a shock by winning the only match eight points to zero, all points being scored in the second half. One of the U.S. team members, Morris Kirksey, took home two more medals	medals	NOUN	from	ADP	 from
Black's love of history was rooted in a lifelong love of books, which led him to the belief that historical study was necessary for one to prevent repeating society's past mistakes. Black wrote in 1968 that " power corrupts, and unrestricted power will tempt Supreme	Supreme	PROPN	Court	PROPN	 Court
Lucas is able to turn Kachimov by forging evidence that he is an MI5 mole. They both go to the Russian embassy and find the submarine's location, after which Malcolm launches the counterattack with seconds to spare. Kachimov is later arrested. Lucas visits Elizabeta at	at	ADP	her	PRON	 her
The game remained in Virginia's favor through the third quarter, prior to the Orange fourth quarter comeback. Syracuse's Mike Leveille scored five goals, including a goal with 3: 00 remaining in the game to send the game into overtime, and the eventual game	game	NOUN	winner	NOUN	 winner
A public site at the Zaners Bridge in Zaner 2.5 miles (4.0 km) downstream from Stillwater covers 31 acres (12.5 ha) along about 1000 feet (300 meters) of the creek and contains an abandoned railroad grade. The Grassmere Park Campground was established in	in	ADP	the	DET	 the
Basketball: Sternstunden. Copress Verl. ISBN 3 7679 0456 X. (German) Blatt, Howard (1996). Magic! Against The Odds. New York: Pocket Books. ISBN 0 671 00301 1. Rosner, Mark (1999). Michael MacCambridge,	,	PUNCT	ed	PROPN	 ed
Grimley comments that it was in keeping with Henson's usual impulsiveness that he proposed within four days of meeting her. The marriage was lifelong; there were no children. From his pulpit, Henson spoke against the view that ecumenism was, in W E Gladstone's	's	PART	words	NOUN	 words
Dreadnoughts were significantly larger — and correspondingly more expensive — than the old pre dreadnought battleships. As a result, the funds that had been appropriated for the Navy in 1906 were going to be used up before they were scheduled to be replenished in 1911. Along with	with	ADP	the	DET	 the
The bombardment of specific strongpoints in the towns along the coast was inconsistent; the North Shore Regiment reported that the strongpoint near Saint Aubin " appeared not to have been touched " by bombardment, while the strongpoints facing the Canadian Scottish Regiment had been eliminated by naval bombardment	bombardment	NOUN	before	ADP	 before
Like the European version, these scenes were replaced with a placeholder card with an explanation of what was removed on a background image of a koala crying. Discussing the situation, Stone said he had been told changes were required for the game to be released and that	that	SCONJ	he	PRON	 he
Pickings were scarce and No. 4 Squadron's only success came on the second day when King and his flight collectively destroyed a two seat Albatros. On 16 August 1918, King participated in a major assault against the German airfield at Haubourdin, near Lille, that	that	PRON	resulted	VERB	 resulted
Roberts communicated these concerns to Saint Gaudens, who requested casts of the dies used to strike the new pieces, which were sent to his house in Cornish, New Hampshire on July 28. Saint Gaudens died there of cancer on August 3, 1907, and Roosevelt	Roosevelt	PROPN	wrote	VERB	 wrote
The reviewer was able to see Angelou's " gracious spirit " and found the book " satisfying ", although he considered it a " sometimes flat account " that lacked " the spiritual tone of Angelou's essays, the openness of her poetry and the drama of	of	ADP	her	PRON	 her
In the immune system dopamine acts upon receptors present on immune cells, especially lymphocytes. Dopamine can also affect immune cells in the spleen, bone marrow, and circulatory system. In addition, dopamine can be synthesized and released by immune cells themselves. The main effect	effect	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
The Decepticon scientist Shockwave begins the secretive Operation: Regenesis — seeding Energon on various planets, including Earth. While stabilizing Earth's seeding, the Dynobots attack Shockwave, and they are all buried in molten lava for thousands of years. Bludgeon is assigned by Megatron to	to	PART	investigate	VERB	 investigate
The Simpsons have dinner with Aunt Selma and her new boyfriend, Sideshow Bob, Bart's arch enemy. According to Bob, while he was in prison he spent every moment planning his revenge on Bart for exposing his plan to frame Krusty the Clown; after receiving	receiving	VERB	Selma	PROPN	 Selma
Lethal won the encounter after jumping off of a turnbuckle to drive his elbow into Dutt's chest and followed with the pin. The fifth match on the card was a New Jersey Street Fight pitting the team of Christian Cage and Rhino against Team 3D (Brother Devon	Devon	PROPN	and	CCONJ	 and
The meat dress was later displayed at the National Museum of Women in the Arts, and entered the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame in September 2015. As Gaga appeared at the 87th Academy Awards and subsequent events, she changed her style and fashion, transforming into	into	ADP	a	DET	 a
Robinson noted that the running game would remain an option even in passing situations, adding, " If nobody's open, the broken play is probably the hardest play to stop in college football – in any football. " In Michigan's 2011 season opener against Western	Western	PROPN	Michigan	PROPN	 Michigan
She became a fan favorite during the Invasion storyline when her character began an on screen romance with Tajiri. This new romance caused Keibler to turn against Wilson, and as a result of this, Wilson defected to the company. Wilson defeated Keibler in the first ever	ever	ADV	lingerie	NOUN	 lingerie
According to the historian Nicholas Goodrick Clarke, 1902 marked " a fundamental change in the character of [List's] ideas: occult ideas now entered his fantasy of the ancient Germanic faith. " This began when he received an operation to remove a cataract from his	his	PRON	eye	NOUN	 eye
GECF joined as an eighth partner in 2014, enabling JODI also to cover nearly 90 percent of the global market for natural gas. Since 2007, OPEC has published the " World Oil Outlook " (WOO) annually, in which it presents a comprehensive analysis of	of	ADP	the	DET	 the
It also praised the game's soundtrack as " excellent, especially the battle music ". The game's setting garnered mixed reactions. IGN labeled Persona 4 as " a murder mystery set against the backdrop of familiar Persona 3 elements ", and while this element adds	adds	VERB	"	PUNCT	 "
This characteristic chemical reaction is shared with A. ocreata and A. virosa, although some authors have expressed doubt about the identity of North American A. virosa, suggesting those collections may represent four spored A. bisporigera. Tulloss suggests that reports of A. bisporigera that do not turn yellow	yellow	ADJ	with	ADP	 with
The fan obliged, without taking Pete Townshend's advice that " the quickest way " to extinguish a joint is " up your fucking arse ". Townshend considered himself less technical than guitarists such as Eric Clapton and Jeff Beck and wanted to stand out visually instead.	.	PUNCT	His	PRON	 His
Department of Justice worker Judith Coplon had been sentenced to 15 years in prison for stealing and attempting to pass on defense information. In 1950, her appeal came before a Second Circuit panel that included Learned Hand. It rested on her claim that her rights under the	the	DET	Fourth	PROPN	 Fourth
". On 6 August 2003, the first day of Raëlian year 58 AH, a tech article on the USA Today newspaper mentions an " unlikely ally " of the Monsanto Company, the Raëlian Movement of Brazil. The movement gave vocal support in response to the	the	DET	company	NOUN	 company
Also utilizing the name, the Minnesota Zephyr was a dinner train located in the historic city of Stillwater, Minnesota, although it was not directly associated with the historic Burlington Zephyr fleet. Dorney Park & Wildwater Kingdom in Allentown, Pennsylvania has a miniature replica train ride	ride	NOUN	called	VERB	 called
With the delivery of the new Deutschland class Panzerschiffe (armored ships) beginning in 1933, the older battleships were gradually withdrawn from front line service. In May 1935, the Reichsmarine was reorganized as the Kriegsmarine by the reforms instituted by Adolf Hitler that created the Wehrmacht	Wehrmacht	PROPN	.	PUNCT	.
In the early 1260s, the Byzantine navy was still weak, and depended still greatly on Genoese aid. Even so, the allies were not able to stand up to Venice in a direct confrontation, as evidenced by the defeat of a combined Byzantine – Genoese fleet	fleet	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
U.S. government files, leaked by Wikileaks, disclosed that American diplomats had been told that Pakistani security services were tipping off bin Laden every time U.S. forces approached. Pakistan's Inter Services Intelligence (ISI), also helped smuggle al Qaeda militants into Afghanistan to fight NATO	NATO	PROPN	troops	NOUN	 troops
The stability of the dsDNA form depends not only on the GC content (% G, C basepairs) but also on sequence (since stacking is sequence specific) and also length (longer molecules are more stable). The stability can be measured in various ways	ways	NOUN	;	PUNCT	;
The Red Feather Inn was built in the 1840s and remains in use as a restaurant and for accommodation. A gaol from the same time reflects Tasmania's convict past. The Uniting Church building dates back over 150 years, originally as a Wesleyan chapel, and the	the	DET	Anglican	PROPN	 Anglican
The development of the series began with the production pilot episode, written by Graham Duff and produced by Baby Cow Productions in March 2003. The episode, which eventually became " Night of the Vegetarians ", featured much of the final cast, but with a number	number	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
He hit two sixes in one over, and, according to Cardus, played " great and beautiful cricket ". Leyland's best bowling performance that year came for the Players against the Gentlemen at Lord's, when he took seven for 94 in the first innings	innings	NOUN	and	CCONJ	 and
In July 2006, they moved into the Emirates Stadium, after 93 years at Highbury. Arsenal reached the final of the 2007 and 2011 League Cups, losing 2 – 1 to Chelsea and Birmingham City respectively. The club had not gained a major trophy since the	the	DET	2005	NUM	 2005
A weaker than normal high pressure system controlled the movement of the depression, and the system moved slowly to the west through its duration. The depression strengthened into Tropical Storm Marie on September 8, and into a hurricane on September 9, while 522 mi (840	840	NUM	km	NOUN	 km
No reliable image of a mantle plume extending down to the core – mantle boundary has been obtained. The most heavily challenged element of Wilson's theory is whether or not hotspots are indeed fixed relative to the overlying tectonic plates. Drill samples, collected by scientists as	as	ADV	far	ADV	 far
Australia and New Zealand were built with a different arrangement. The spotting top on the main mast was deleted and an armoured spotting tower was built instead into the conning tower where it was better protected, had an improved field of vision and direct access to the primary	primary	ADJ	conning	VERB	 conning
Townshend had written it as a slow blues, but after several abortive attempts, it was turned into a more powerful song with a bass solo from Entwistle. The song used gimmicks such as a vocal stutter to simulate the speech of a mod on amphetamines, and	and	CCONJ	two	NUM	 two
As Metcalfe remarks, " not only does this show the extent of Christian military success against the Aghlabids in eastern Sicily, but it may also have been deliberately aimed at exacerbating tensions within the Muslim army by playing off one faction against another in negotiating their staggered release	release	NOUN	"	PUNCT	 "
They performed the single in July 2008 at the Oxegen Festival. A journalist from NME magazine wrote that it drew " one of the biggest crowds " at the event. A rock version was performed at the 2008 V Festival in Essex, England. The group played	played	VERB	the	DET	 the
Arthur Ransome wrote that Wilde " read something of himself into Shakespeare's sonnets " and became fascinated with the " Willie Hughes theory " despite the lack of biographical evidence for the historical William Hughes ' existence. Instead of writing a short but serious essay on the question	question	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
A very organized character with a signature Type A personality who enjoys being in charge, Monica is known for being a " neat freak " obsessed with cleanliness – especially when it comes to maintaining the impeccable condition of her apartment – neurotic, extremely obsessive compulsive and competitive	competitive	ADJ	in	ADP	 in
The southern flank of the main assault would once again be the responsibility of the 4th Canadian Division, which planned to attack with the 12th Canadian Infantry Brigade. The northern flank remained the responsibility of the 3rd Canadian Division, which would advance with the 7th and 8th	8th	ADJ	Canadian	PROPN	 Canadian
During a game on November 1, 2008, Brodeur suffered a " bruised elbow " which would later be diagnosed as a torn distal biceps tendon, the first major injury in his career. Following surgery on November 6, he would miss 16 weeks of the season	season	NOUN	before	ADP	 before
The legend states that whilst engaged in prayer on the eve of battle, Óengus vowed that if granted victory he would appoint Saint Andrew as the Patron Saint of Scotland; Andrew then appeared to Óengus that night in a dream and assured him of victory. On the	the	DET	morning	NOUN	 morning
In June, he joined with Senator Kerry in offering a resolution that would have authorized the military intervention, and said: " The administration's disregard for the elected representatives of the American people on this matter has been troubling and counterproductive. " In August, McCain	McCain	PROPN	voted	VERB	 voted
Only three stuffed specimens exist today, and only one bird was ever depicted when alive. The species is thought to have become extinct in the 1830s due to deforestation and predation. The first record of the Mauritius blue pigeon is two sketches in the 1601 – 1603	1603	NUM	journal	NOUN	 journal
In the Archaic period (before 2000 BCE), a number of loanwords from Mixe – Zoquean languages seem to have entered the proto Mayan language. This has led to hypotheses that the early Maya were dominated by speakers of Mixe – Zoquean languages, possibly the Olmec	Olmec	PROPN	.	PUNCT	.
Three years later, an attempt was made to kill Henry III by a man who later confessed to being an agent of the Marisco family. William de Marisco fled to Lundy where he lived as a virtual king. He built a stronghold in the area now known	known	VERB	as	ADP	 as
With a nearly full slate of division rivals in the final month, the Phillies opened by dropping series to the Nationals and Marlins, with a 2 – 1 series win over division leaders New York between the two losses. However, they pushed back into contention on	on	ADP	the	DET	 the
Later in the clip, during the second verse, Diddy sits in a burned out building singing to himself. Outside, a burned out vehicle is parked. Then during the song's bridge, red smoke surrounds Diddy as the helicopter, from the opening scene,	,	PUNCT	comes	VERB	 comes
Some began reporting having expended stocks of critical medical supplies such as antibiotics by 17 January. The border was reinforced by Dominican soldiers, and the government of the Dominican Republic asserted that all Haitians who crossed the border for medical assistance would be allowed to stay only temporarily	temporarily	ADV	.	PUNCT	.
Allosaurus coexisted with fellow large theropods Ceratosaurus and Torvosaurus in both the United States and Portugal. The three appear to have had different ecological niches, based on anatomy and the location of fossils. Ceratosaurs and torvosaurs may have preferred to be active around waterways, and had	had	VERB	lower	ADJ	 lower
In Bologna, Michelangelo saw the relief sculptures of Jacopo della Quercia around the doors of the cathedral. In Michelangelo's depiction of the Creation of Eve the whole composition, the form of the figures and the relatively conservative concept of the relationship between Eve and her Creator	Creator	NOUN	adheres	NOUN	 adheres
He was among the second group of players elected to the Hall of Fame in 1937 and was later inducted on June 12, 1939, when the Hall opened that same year. Lajoie obtained the greatest number of votes as he led induction mates Tris Speaker (165	165	NUM	votes	NOUN	 votes
Aguilera also explained that she wanted to bring something novel to her album, which has 24 songs on it. She wanted to try to evolve as an artist and a visionary. As a result, Back to Basics, Aguilera's fifth studio album, is made	made	VERB	up	ADP	 up
Former Real Salt Lake general manager Garth Lagerwey was hired by the club in January 2015, replacing Adrian Hanauer. Seattle was unable to repeat their successes in the 2014 season. The season started successfully, with several key wins that saw the team at the top of	of	ADP	the	DET	 the
It was also stated that the present incomplete sequence will be followed by a scene in which Lili is taken to a hospital and there it will be definitely established that she has been attacked by a vampire. The whole sequence will be treated in such a way as	as	SCONJ	to	PART	 to
News of the Qurayzah's supposed renunciation of the pact with Muhammad leaked out, and Umar promptly informed Muhammad. Such suspicions were reinforced by the movement of enemy troops towards the strongholds of the Qurayza. Muhammad became anxious about their conduct, and realised the grave potential	potential	ADJ	danger	NOUN	 danger
" Jason Anderson of CBC News compares the etymology of neo soul to that of " new wave " and comments: " As imperfect as the term may be, neo soul is still an effective tag to describe the mix of chic modernity and time honoured tradition that	that	PRON	distinguished	VERB	 distinguished
Amy Robsart grew up at her mother's house, Stanfield Hall, and, like her future husband, in a firmly Protestant household. She received a good education and wrote in a fine hand. Three days before her 18th birthday she married Robert Dudley, a	a	DET	younger	ADJ	 younger
After his first training session with the senior squad, Barça's new star player, Ronaldinho, told his teammates that he believed the 16 year old would become an even better player than himself. Ronaldinho soon befriended Messi, whom he called " little brother, "	"	PUNCT	which	PRON	 which
" Apollo 11 was the second all veteran multi person crew (the first being Apollo 10) in human spaceflight history. A previous solo veteran flight had been made on Soyuz 1 in 1967 by Soviet cosmonaut Vladimir Komarov. Collins was originally slated to be the Command	Command	PROPN	Module	PROPN	 Module
Members of President Eisenhower ’ s cabinet passed along the message that Flanders should “ lay off. ” The Times Argus newspaper of Randolph, Vermont reported: " The speech was a sensation, and the next day Vonda Bergman reported to the Herald that Flanders was unable	unable	ADJ	to	PART	 to
" Jon Caramanica, writing in The New York Times, considered the album " far more mechanical " than their debut album, although noted that it is sonically and lyrically similar. The album's lyricism speaks of falling in love, unrequited love, the insistence that	that	SCONJ	flaws	NOUN	 flaws
The film will be named How a Mosquito Operates. " McCay made the 6 000 drawings on translucent rice paper. The film came before the development of cel animation, in which animators draw on clear sheets of celluloid and lay them over static backgrounds. Thus,	,	PUNCT	on	ADP	 on
Much to her dismay, Sue has disbanded all arts from McKinley and Rachel approaches the Superintendent to reboot the glee club with her remaining TV money to fund it. He agrees as long as she runs the club. With the help of the newly broken up Kurt	Kurt	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
The game's Challenge Tower mode has Mileena develop unrequited feelings for Scorpion, while Kitana's uncanonical ending shows her as being unusually sympathetic towards Mileena. Mileena returned as a playable character in Mortal Kombat X (2015). Though she became empress of Outworld after Shao	Shao	PROPN	Kahn	PROPN	 Kahn
In 2009 the Ministry of Defence announced that it is willing to donate three Una class submarines to former SFR Yugoslav republics of Slovenia, Croatia and Serbia. Although the " Submariner " society from Pula was interested in accepting the donation and exhibiting it in a museum,	,	PUNCT	the	DET	 the
The episode was written by Mike Sussman and André Bormanis, and directed by David Straiton. " Babel One " was the first of a three part story which continued in the episodes " United " and " The Aenar ". The arc was intended to precede the	the	DET	Romulan	PROPN	 Romulan
James is a character in the novel The Man Who Laughs by Victor Hugo. He was portrayed by Josef Moser in the 1921 Austrian silent film The Grinning Face and by Sam De Grasse in the 1928 silent film The Man Who Laughs. He has also been portrayed	portrayed	VERB	by	ADP	 by
As Mega Man defeats Enker and obtains his mirror buster ability, Wily retreats to a space station. Mega Man gives chase and, using the mirror buster, destroys Wily's newly built, final weapon. After putting a stop to his nemesis once again, Mega	Mega	PROPN	Man	PROPN	 Man
A basin, with its former connection to the Don, is now used as moorings by Thorne Cruising Club. This first section is now generally considered to be part of the Stainforth and Keadby Canal, although it was originally part of the Don Navigation as far as	as	ADP	Stainforth	PROPN	 Stainforth
The cords run horizontally across the spine, and are thicker than the threads that hold the pages together. They are attached, typically by lacing through holes or glue, to the two boards of the cover, and the threads holding the gatherings are knotted to them	them	PRON	,	PUNCT	,
So the claim that a tax deprives someone of " property " or a " right " is pretty much meaningless. Fifth Amendment due process arguments by tax protesters were rejected by the United States Court of Appeals for the Third Circuit in Kahn v. United States, by	by	ADP	the	DET	 the
The team also studied virtual globe models of the city, census data and documentaries to recreate the geographical and demographic spread of Los Angeles. Reproducing Los Angeles as a play space required the team to condense the city's spread into an area that the player could comfortably	comfortably	ADV	traverse	VERB	 traverse
The signal was received at Goldstone in the United States but with better fidelity by Honeysuckle Creek Tracking Station in Australia. Minutes later the feed was switched to the more sensitive Parkes radio telescope in Australia. Despite some technical and weather difficulties, ghostly black and white images	images	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
NBC had tried appealing to audiences in their 20s through several comedies, but those efforts proved unsuccessful and the network decided to focus on high quality dramas like Homicide. NBC Entertainment president Warren Littlefield considered it the most promising new series of the season. Paul Attanasio was	was	AUX	billed	VERB	 billed
" He continued to criticize Carey for being too " desperate ", writing: Inspired by street lingo — " thirsty " for the unaware, is someone who is eager, verging on desperate — it seems laughable that Carey opted to pen such a gimmicky tune.	.	PUNCT	She	PRON	 She
The seven compromissarii were the dean (name not known), Maurice, Abbot of Inchaffray, William, Abbot of Lindores, Michael, Abbot of Cambuskenneth, William de Eaglesham, Henry de Stirling, and Nicholas de Balmyle. They were instructed to elect from among	among	ADP	themselves	PRON	 themselves
Since taste and aroma compounds are often detectable by humans in minute concentrations, sea salt may have a more complex flavor than pure sodium chloride when sprinkled on top of food. When salt is added during cooking however, these flavors would likely be overwhelmed by those of	of	ADP	the	DET	 the
Meanwhile, in the parallel civil war for the Crown in Tarnovo Skopje bolyar and grandson to Stefan Nemanja Constantine Tikh gained the upper hand and ruled until Europe's only successful peasant revolt the Uprising of Ivaylo deposed him. In 1282 Skopje was captured by Serbian king Milutin	Milutin	PROPN	.	PUNCT	.
In January 2016, Mephisto returned to NJPW to take part in the Fantastica Mania 2016 tour, during which no reference was made to his previous association with Bullet Club. In the main event of the final show, Mephisto unsuccessfully challenged Volador Jr. for the NWA World	World	PROPN	Historic	PROPN	 Historic
Beginning in 1987, Ward Elliott, who was sympathetic to the Oxfordian theory, and Robert J. Valenza supervised a continuing stylometric study that used computer programs to compare Shakespeare's stylistic habits to the works of 37 authors who had been proposed as the true author. The	The	DET	study	NOUN	 study
It is currently the only planet known to exist in this star system. Kepler 14b is 8.4 times the mass of Jupiter and has a radius 1.14 times that of Jupiter, and it orbits its host star every 6.79 days. It was discovered by NASA led Kepler	Kepler	PROPN	mission	NOUN	 mission
A fourth wicket partnership of 167, dominated by powerful hitting from Kieswetter in which he scored a " superb century " according to ESPNcricinfo's Andrew McGlashan, helped Somerset to recover to make 285 / 8, but Sussex chased the total down in the final over to	to	PART	eliminate	VERB	 eliminate
He also played flumpet, a trumpet – flugelhorn combination specially designed for him. He and his identical twin brother, double bassist Addison Farmer, started playing professionally while in high school. Art gained greater attention after the release of a recording of his composition " Farmer	Farmer	PROPN	's	PART	's
When the seasons overlap, the wedge tailed shearwaters will kill young Bonin petrels in order to use their burrows. Many seabirds show remarkable site fidelity, returning to the same burrow, nest or site for many years, and they will defend that site from rivals with	with	ADP	great	ADJ	 great
Smart Covers have a microfiber bottom that cleans the front of the iPad, and wakes up the unit when the cover is removed. It comes in five colors of both polyurethane and the more expensive leather. Apple offers several other accessories, most of which are adapters	adapters	NOUN	for	ADP	 for
Donna is hurt and humiliated when he leaves her alone. Donna eventually confesses to Elle Robinson (Pippa Black) that Matt has left and Donna moves in with Elle, who later becomes her guardian. At the end of 2008, Donna's younger brother and sister	sister	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
It is a voluntary controlled school for children aged 4 – 11. There is a choice of nearby senior schools for older Navenby pupils, although none are within the village. Lincolnshire County Council operates a preference system for parents, which allows them to choose a preferred	preferred	ADJ	school	NOUN	 school
When a group of French musicians led by Saint Saëns tried to organise a boycott of German music during the First World War, Fauré and Messager dissociated themselves from the idea, though the disagreement did not affect their friendship with their old teacher. They were privately concerned	concerned	ADJ	that	SCONJ	 that
After Leinart threw his second touchdown of the game to start the second half, Brennan was able to answer with his own touchdown pass to keep the deficit to 18, however, before the end of the quarter Leinart threw his third touchdown, Bush rushed for his	his	PRON	second	ADJ	 second
Jaenberht had been a supporter of Ecgberht II of Kent, which may have led to conflict in the 760s when Offa is known to have intervened in Kent. Offa rescinded grants made to Canterbury by Egbert, and it is also known that Jaenberht claimed the monastery of	of	ADP	Cookham	PROPN	 Cookham
Johnson stated that " eating his mother's cooking " and being " healthy " were the main reasons for his improvement. He signed a three year contract with the Packers at $450,000 a year. It led to a lawsuit against his former agency Bradcor Sports Servicing	Servicing	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
Gastrointestinal effects In a series of 500 consecutive obstetric patients, Boisvert and Hudon observed vomiting in 12 (4.8%) patients during or after administration of methoxyflurane anesthesia. These findings compared favorably with those reported for cyclopropane (42%), trichloroethylene (28%)	)	PUNCT	and	CCONJ	 and
William " Green Bar " Hillcourt, Scoutmaster of the first U.S. Wood Badge course in 1948, felt very strongly that the traditional teaching of Scoutcraft skills should be retained. Hillcourt had recently formally retired, but his opinion still held considerable weight. Nonetheless, Chief Scout	Scout	PROPN	Joseph	PROPN	 Joseph
Seismic data suggest that these volcanoes still contain active magma chambers, indicating possible future eruptive activity. Although the available data do not allow a clear conclusion, these observations are indications that some of Canada's volcanoes may be active, with significant potential dangers. This seismic	seismic	ADJ	activity	NOUN	 activity
The new Polish authorities appointed people from Poland to various key positions from which locals were fired. The Polish language became the sole official language. Using Czech (or German) by Czechs (or Germans) in public was prohibited and Czechs and Germans were being forced	forced	VERB	to	PART	 to
" Alex Billington felt the third film " almost makes the second film in the series obsolete or dulls it down enough that we can accept it in our trilogy DVD collections without ever watching it. " Dead Man's Chest earned $423,315,812 in the North America and	and	CCONJ	$	SYM	 $
Garlic, onions, ginger, tomatoes, mild curry, and salt are the most common ingredients used to flavor dishes, and in coastal areas other ingredients such as coconut milk, vanilla, cloves or turmeric may also be used. A variety of condiments are served	served	VERB	on	ADP	 on
Many of the male islanders utilised their knowledge of the Firth's currents to hire themselves out to passing vessels as maritime pilots. Their expertise was the product of a lifetime's experience on the waters of the Firth; as it was said, they had been "	"	PUNCT	dabbling	VERB	 dabbling
Ealdred encouraged Folcard, a monk of Canterbury, to write the Life Saint John of Beverley. This was part of Ealdred's promotion of the cult of Saint John, who had only been canonised in 1037. Along with the Pontificale, Ealdred may have brought back	back	ADV	from	ADP	 from
The following week the challenge was accepted by Sting, a former WCW and TNA world heavyweight champion commonly known as " The Icon ". When Colón was preparing to finish the match with the Back Stabber, a masked wrestler known as Rey Fénix intervened and costed him	him	PRON	the	DET	 the
" I know that it has been my tag. I am definitely proud of it. But it was definitely a team effort. You had to see some of the things my teammates did to get me the ball... It was almost like a circus out there	there	ADV	for	ADP	 for
Boston University political science professor later said, " She definitely hurt him in that race. " Asked following her husband's loss if she would be involved in future campaigns, Ann said, " Never. You couldn't pay me to do this again. "	"	PUNCT	She	PRON	 She
During 1963, the Philippine Weather Bureau adopted four sets of female Filipino nicknames ending in " ng " from A to Y for use in its self defined area of responsibility. Following the international practise of naming tropical cyclones, the Australian Bureau of Meteorology decided at a	a	DET	conference	NOUN	 conference
Twenty years later Solti said, " I'm sure it's a terrible record, because the orchestra was not very good at that time and I was so excited. It is horrible, surely horrible – but by now it has vanished. " He had to	to	PART	wait	VERB	 wait
General anesthesia is often administered without tracheal intubation in selected cases where the procedure is brief in duration, or procedures where the depth of anesthesia is not sufficient to cause significant compromise in ventilatory function. Even for longer duration or more invasive procedures, a general anesthetic may	may	AUX	be	AUX	 be
However, Ben Sisario of Blender wrote, " For every killer raise your hands hook there is a snoozer of an SWV esque torch ballad, and she can't seem to tell the difference. " He went on to say, " Almost half the songs are	are	AUX	treacly	ADV	 treacly
The cast and crew would have a camera rehearsal followed by a dress run. After a supper, the cast were introduced to the studio audience. The studio audience responded very positively to the show during recordings. However, Moffat reflects that the show's style was	was	AUX	not	PART	 not
Set in Los Angeles, it was the first Indian film to be shot at Universal Studios and featured cameo appearances by Hollywood actors. The film was poorly received by critics but became an economic success, earning over ₹ 840 million (US $12 million) worldwide	worldwide	ADV	;	PUNCT	;
" It Is ' He ' (Jai Sri Krishna) " continued Harrison's fusion of the Hindu bhajan tradition with Western pop and rock. The song failed to gain the favourable reception afforded his earlier productions in that style, however, such as " My Sweet	Sweet	PROPN	Lord	PROPN	 Lord
Segal wrote that it is a " disappointing " song that when " looked at in the sober light of day, it's nothing but a lachrymose slur through the Big Noel Book Of Emotional Cliches and some truly shameless piano, but you just know that come closing	closing	NOUN	time	NOUN	 time
In all these texts, the renouncer is accepted to be one who, in pursuit of spirituality, was " no longer part of the social world and is indifferent to its mores ". A test or marker of this state of existence is where " right and	and	CCONJ	wrong	ADJ	 wrong
Before reaching the city, the water is pumped through a settling pond, two storage ponds, and a treatment plant where it is flocculated, filtered, and chlorinated. The city also provides drinking water for Pouce Coupe and rural residents. Sewage is processed by a	a	DET	lagoon	NOUN	 lagoon
On April 20, 2008, it peaked at number fifteen. The song also had moderate success through Europe, reaching the top ten in Belgium (Flanders and Wallonia) and Finland, and the top twenty in Denmark and Sweden. In Denmark, it was certified	certified	VERB	gold	NOUN	 gold
Chesterfield again finished just one place above the relegation zone, and Brandon left in July 2004 to sign for Huddersfield Town under manager Peter Jackson on a free transfer. Huddersfield had been one of the teams relegated below Chesterfield in 2002 – 03, but had been immediately	immediately	ADV	promoted	VERB	 promoted
They were married on July 11th, 2015, according to another autobiographical tweet. Finnessey announced the June 10, 2016, home birth of her son Finn Arthur Higgins via Instagram. Finnessey authored an award winning children's book. Her book, which was published on	on	ADP	August	PROPN	 August
On June 1, the system transitioned into an extratropical cyclone as it turned west northwestward and continued over open waters. The remnants of Lucille were last noted by the JMA on June 4 as it crossed the International Date Line. Prior to transitioning into an extratropical cyclone	cyclone	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
She declined in order to care for her husband, and Debbie Reynolds played the part. During her Hollywood career, Davis dated many actors, including Clark Gable, Robert Stack, and Peter Lawford; she later called Gable the nicest of the stars she had met	met	VERB	.	PUNCT	.
Respiratory organisms use chemical compounds as a source of energy by taking electrons from the reduced substrate and transferring them to a terminal electron acceptor in a redox reaction. This reaction releases energy that can be used to synthesise ATP and drive metabolism. In aerobic organisms, oxygen	oxygen	NOUN	is	AUX	 is
An earlier attribution of the work had been to Antonio Lotti. Bach's Magnificat consists of eleven movements for the text of Luke 1: 46 – 55, concluded by a twelfth doxology movement. Each verse of the canticle is assigned to one movement, except verse	verse	NOUN	48	NUM	 48
In 1899, Urania was assigned to the 2nd Division of the main fleet, which consisted of the ironclads Affondatore, Castelfidardo, and Sicilia and her sister ship Partenope. The 2nd Division was usually kept in reserve, which amounted to three months of active service per	per	ADP	year	NOUN	 year
The most severe deviation of the response from that predicted occurs in the passband close to cut off. The reason for this is twofold. Further into the passband the impedance match progressively improves, thus limiting the error. On the other hand, waves in the stopband	stopband	NOUN	are	AUX	 are
The Commission hesitate to approve the Liberty Bell as shown with the crack in the bell visible; to show this might lead to puns and to statements derogatory to United States coinage. The Commission disapprove the designs. Numismatist Paul Green later noted, " Over the years	years	NOUN	there	PRON	 there
" The text describes the owl as having " a highly developed forest vista pattern ". Chapter 7 similarly argues for grass and heather patterns on " terrestrial " (as opposed to arboreal) birds. The disruptively patterned white tailed ptarmigan is shown in " a very	very	ADV	remarkable	ADJ	 remarkable
" As of May 2016, ReactOS is considered alpha software, feature incomplete but with many Windows applications already working (e.g. Adobe Reader 6.0, OpenOffice etc), and therefore recommended by the developers only for evaluation and testing purposes. ReactOS is primarily written in C	C	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
The plans were approved by the Malta Environment and Planning Authority in October of the same year, but they were placed on hold since a tender appeal had to be sorted out. In April 2013, the tender was awarded to Vaults Ltd instead of V & C	C	PROPN	Contractors	PROPN	 Contractors
The film also was the recipient of twelve nominations at the 49th British Academy Film Awards, including Best Film, Best Actress in a Leading Role (for Thompson), and Best Actress in a Supporting Role (for Winslet). In addition, the film won	won	VERB	the	DET	 the
The band released the album Dead Silence on September 4, 2012 on their SoundCloud account. The band embarked on a Canadian tour with Sum 41, Hollerado and Indian Handcrafts. On August 22, 2014, the band announced a release of Hits, a " greatest	greatest	ADJ	hits	NOUN	 hits
Comparisons between the scleral rings of Psittacosaurus and modern birds and reptiles suggest that it may have been cathemeral, active throughout the day and for short intervals at night. Ford and Martin (2010) proposed that Psittacosaurus was semi aquatic, swimming with its tail like a	a	DET	crocodile	NOUN	 crocodile
For a moment there was hope of a conservative restoration in some quarters. However, Dudley and Cranmer secured the Reformed agenda by persuading Edward to appoint additional Reformed minded members to the Council and Privy Chamber. In December 1549 Southampton tried to regain predominance by charging Dudley	Dudley	PROPN	with	ADP	 with
The Staffel first relocated to Greece at the end of May. The ground personnel were shipped from Catania to Piraeus and then to the airfield at Molaoi on the southern tip of the Peloponnese region. The original intent was to participate in the Battle of Crete. The	The	DET	relatively	ADV	 relatively
Through analysis of the questionnaires, the IOC gave a weighted average score to each city based on the scores obtained in each of the questionnaire's eleven themes: political and social support, general infrastructure, sports venues, Olympic Village, environment, accommodation, transport,	,	PUNCT	security	NOUN	 security
The North Korean People's Army was able to maintain transport to its front lines over long lines of communications despite heavy and constant air attacks. The United Nations air effort failed to halt military rail transport. Ammunition and motor fuel, which took precedence over all other	other	ADJ	types	NOUN	 types
Additionally, more fuel can be burnt at high speed. Beyond Mach 5.5, the air would become unusably hot despite the cooling, so the air inlet closes and the engine relies solely on on board liquid oxygen and hydrogen fuel as in a normal rocket. The	The	DET	fuselage	NOUN	 fuselage
The number of medals won was an increase on the 94 medals and 35 golds in Athens. The team was the most successful in two decades, with 80 different athletes winning at least one medal. The United Kingdom was the next host of the Summer Paralympics,	,	PUNCT	holding	VERB	 holding
Nasri impressed at the tournament and Assolen was jokingly told by a Milan scout that " he (Nasri) stays here, you leave him. " After returning to France, Marseille officials organized a meeting with the player's father and the group agreed to allow Nasri	Nasri	PROPN	insertion	NOUN	 insertion
With thousands of lakes, over 14,000 kilometres (8,700 mi) of fish bearing rivers and over 3,700 kilometres (2,300 mi) of coastline, Ireland is a popular angling destination. The temperate Irish climate is suited to sport angling. While salmon and trout fishing remain	remain	VERB	popular	ADJ	 popular
He was one of seven children, six of whom left England and settled in New England. Other than the parish records of his baptism, and those of his siblings, no definitive record has been found concerning his life in England. That Clarke was highly educated	educated	VERB	is	AUX	 is
Josephine accelerated to the northeast while maintaining peak winds, and it made landfall in Taylor County, Florida at 0330 UTC on October 8. By that time, Josephine was losing tropical characteristics, and shortly thereafter the storm transitioned into an extratropical cyclone as it moved over	over	ADP	Georgia	PROPN	 Georgia
Several months after Booth's October 2009 concussion, Boston Bruins forward Marc Savard was hit by Matt Cooke in a similar fashion on March 7. Later that month, on March 25, the NHL Board of Governors and NHL Players ' Association's executive board voted in	in	ADP	favour	NOUN	 favour
Gestation lasts for eight to nine months, after which a single calf is born. The lifespan of a mountain nyala is around 15 to 20 years. The typical habitat for the mountain nyala is composed of montane woodlands at an altitude of 3,000 – 3,400 m (	(	PUNCT	9,800	NUM	9,800
Months after recording the song, on April 28, 2011, when it leaked onto the Internet, Supa Dups was impressed by the finished version, " I was like, ' Damn, this record is crazy. ' " He was impressed by the song,	,	PUNCT	lyrically	ADV	 lyrically
One round of protests came from Italian American organizations, which called for delay in enforcing it. Enforcement raised their cost of living and threatened the jobs of their relatives in nearby bituminous coal mines. Despite dislike of the smoke abatement program, Italian Americans strongly supported the	the	DET	reelection	NOUN	 reelection
Another similarly named tree is Pi de les Tres Branques de Freixinet, located near the village of Freixinet in the municipality of Riner in central Catalonia. This tree is also protected by the Catalan government, since 1988, but was killed in a forest fire in 1998	1998	NUM	.	PUNCT	.
The loss brought Alabama's all time record against the Aggies to 3 – 2. In the final non conference game the 2012 season, Alabama shut out the Western Carolina Catamounts 49 – 0 in Tuscaloosa. The Crimson Tide scored three touchdowns in each of the first	first	ADJ	two	NUM	 two
Schwartz writes that the false potto differs from pottos and angwantibos in lacking a bifid (two tipped) spine on the second cervical vertebra, but Sarmiento found this feature in 3 out of 11 potto specimens he examined. The ulnar styloid process (a projection on the	the	DET	ulna	ADJ	 ulna
The archaeological excavations that have been undertaken since 1998 are funded by Stockport Metropolitan Borough Council and grants from the Heritage Lottery Fund, and have received news coverage. The site is used as a training excavation for students and a community dig to introduce people to ancient history	history	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
Rolling Stone placed the album at number 23 on its list of the 100 Best Albums of the Decade, stating " The decade's most magnificent R & B record was also its most inventive — so far ahead of its time that it still sounds radical ".	.	PUNCT	AllMusic	PROPN	 AllMusic
Released in 1991, it centers on the titular ToeJam and Earl — alien rappers who have crash landed on Earth. As they attempt to escape the planet, players assume the role of either character and collect pieces of their wrecked spacecraft. ToeJam & Earl's design	design	NOUN	was	AUX	 was
It was created from cellulose, water and green food coloring. It proved difficult to make, and several attempts were made before the right consistency was achieved. To create the appearance of it coming out of actress V. Joy Lee's mouth, an eight foot long	long	ADJ	hose	NOUN	 hose
When Howard first read the script to Hereafter, she was hooked on it, having been attracted to its central character (Damon) – a reclusive man with the ability to speak to the deceased. " It's personal for me because a lot of my family	family	NOUN	members	NOUN	 members
The mid 2000s saw several underground bands achieve some mainstream prominence. Artists such as Ty Segall, Thee Oh Sees, Black Lips and Jay Reatard, who initially released their records on traditionally garage punk labels such as In the Red Records, began signing to larger,	,	PUNCT	more	ADV	 more
To further strengthen the Allied ranks, a force of Spanish irregulars under General Antonio Begines de los Ríos had been ordered to come down from the Ronda mountains by 23 February and join the main Anglo Portuguese and Spanish force. Unaware of the delays in sailing, Begines	Begines	PROPN	had	AUX	 had
The text editing environment in Emacs uses a double space following a period to identify the end of sentences unambiguously; the double space convention prevents confusion with periods within sentences that signify abbreviations. How Emacs recognizes the end of a sentence is controlled by the settings sentence end	end	VERB	double	ADJ	 double
For a long period, many composers were inclined to align themselves with or against Wagner's music. Anton Bruckner and Hugo Wolf were greatly indebted to him, as were César Franck, Henri Duparc, Ernest Chausson, Jules Massenet, Richard Strauss, Alexander von Zemlinsky	Zemlinsky	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
To prepare for the 2009 – 10 season, Bosh worked out under Ken Roberson, looking to add 20 pounds and bring his weight up to 250. Following the failure of the 2008 – 09 campaign, Colangelo knew that he had to shake up the roster to	to	PART	persuade	VERB	 persuade
The cost of collecting this fee was so high that SAS and Braathens SAFE announced it was cheaper to continue to fly to the unprofitable airports. Braathens SAFE stated that their routes Haugesund – Bergen and Oslo – Røros – Trondheim were not profitable. To meet the free	free	ADJ	market	NOUN	 market
Tara's death directly after reconciliatory sex with Willow caused an outcry among the LGBT community, who saw it as a " homophobic cliché ". Andrew Wells, a recurring villain and eventual ally, was strongly implied to be gay, although closeted. The series was	was	AUX	influential	ADJ	 influential
" Justice Story — in his opinions for the Court — cautioned against the too frequent use of certificates of division in criminal cases. In United States v. Gooding (1827), for the Court, Justice Story wrote: We take this opportunity of expressing our anxiety	anxiety	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
Peregrine falcons have been successfully bred in captivity, both for falconry and for release back into the wild. Until 2004 nearly all peregrines used for falconry in the US were captive bred from the progeny of falcons taken before the US Endangered Species Act was enacted and from	from	ADP	those	DET	 those
Recording sessions for the album took place during 2002 and 2003 at the Function 8 record label's studio in San Francisco, California. Production, instrumentation and songwriting was primarily handled by Guerrero, with contributions from producers Gadget and Monte Vallier. The album consists mostly of	of	ADP	downtempo	PROPN	 downtempo
The Mongols, led by Genghis Khan (r. 1206 – 1227), initially invaded the Jin dynasty in 1205 and 1209, engaging in large raids across its borders, and in 1211 an enormous Mongol army was assembled to invade the Jin. The Jin dynasty was	was	AUX	forced	VERB	 forced
Gabriel intends to defeat the three factions of the Lords of Shadow in order to obtain the pieces of the God Mask and bring back his deceased wife. Gabriel is sent by the Brotherhood of Light to the Lake of Oblivion, where his deceased wife, Marie,	,	PUNCT	tells	VERB	 tells
He subsequently identified his attorney as " God and Saint Olaf. " Haakon was notably the first Norwegian king to receive formal education at a school. From the late civil war era, the government administration relied increasingly on written communication, which in turn demanded literate leaders	leaders	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
Hydrothermal alteration has affected some lavas and pyroclastics from Tres Monos, and the western side has lateral and terminal moraines. The Aucanquilcha platform (3.6 – 2.7 mya) sits underneath the main Aucanquilcha volcano, and its lava mostly flowed north. Its southern side is a	a	DET	4,500	NUM	 4,500
Several studios wanted to turn Larabee's character into a white character but Atchison felt " it was important that Akeelah's mentor be someone that comes from her neighborhood, that looks like her. " Lionsgate's President of Production Michael Paseornek agreed that Atchison should direct the	the	DET	script	NOUN	 script
Suetsune and Teika were bitter enemies; just a few months before, Teika had humiliated Suetsune by calling him " that fake poet " and publicly refusing to participate in a poetry competition with Suetsune. His revenge was well done; Teika was furious, writing in his	his	PRON	Meigetsuki	PROPN	 Meigetsuki
Variations in local rainfall create three major geographical zones. The Sahara lies in the country's northern third. Yearly precipitations throughout this belt are under 50 millimetres (2.0 in); only the occasional spontaneous palm grove survives, and the only ones to do so are	are	AUX	south	ADJ	 south
Sinatra came to consider Riddle " the greatest arranger in the world ", and Riddle, who considered Sinatra " a perfectionist ", offered equal praise of the singer, observing, " It's not only that his intuitions as to tempi, phrasing, and even	even	ADV	configuration	NOUN	 configuration
Neither party had taken a position on the divisive question during the campaign, but selecting a permanent capital was high on the list of the new legislature's orders of business. Calgary's case was made most enthusiastically by Minister of Public Works Cushing, Edmonton's by	by	ADP	Attorney	PROPN	 Attorney
In July 1939 Olin R. Moyle, legal counsel for the Society, wrote an open letter of resignation to the president, in which he complained about behavior of some members of the Watch Tower Society, including Rutherford himself, that he considered excessive and inappropriate. Moyle	Moyle	PROPN	mentioned	VERB	 mentioned
Old flower parts usually persist for a long time, giving the infructescence a hairy appearance. In Central and North Queensland, old cones of both var. spinulosa and var. collina are generally bare. The first known specimens of B. spinulosa were collected near Sydney by	by	ADP	John	PROPN	 John
He developed a working relationship with Toronto Mayor David Miller soon after his appointment, and was present for the announcement of a comprehensive new waterfront strategy in June 2006. Ontario cabinet minister David Caplan described Baird as a champion of waterfront renewal and Miller described him as an	an	DET	ally	NOUN	 ally
Small spontaneous pneumothoraces typically resolve without treatment and require only monitoring. This approach may be most appropriate in subjects who have no significant underlying lung disease. In larger pneumothoraces, or when there are marked symptoms, the air may be extracted with a syringe or a chest	chest	NOUN	tube	NOUN	 tube
" The Proposal was released in the United States on June 19, 2009. On its opening day, the film grossed an estimated $12.7 million in 3,056 theaters, becoming the highest grossing film of the day. It later went on to gross over $34	34	NUM	million	NUM	 million
It's not clear if their marriage will survive Yusef's meddling. [...] Yusef obviously wants [Zainab] back and will do anything he can to drive a wedge between Masood and Zainab. " Ganatra said that Yusef will turn " very manipulative and very	very	ADV	nasty	ADJ	 nasty
The ship is lying in three pieces, all upside down, at a depth of about 40 to 50 metres (130 to 160 ft). Although the wreck was severely damaged during the sinking and is now covered in silt, a number of details such as	as	ADP	a	DET	 a
These services operated virtually unchanged until 6 November 2011, when the 347 was replaced with the present day 387, and the 457 and weekday evening services were withdrawn. On 31 January 2016, the 449 was also withdrawn, leaving Hamersley without weekend bus services. Hamersley	Hamersley	PROPN	has	AUX	 has
Of the more than two dozen operas in the Verdi canon, Beecham conducted eight during his long career: Il trovatore, La traviata, Aida, Don Carlos, Rigoletto, Un ballo in maschera, Otello and Falstaff. As early as 1904, Beecham met Puccini	Puccini	PROPN	through	ADP	 through
It also imposed an additional two years of probation and docked the school one scholarship a year from 2004 – 2005 until 2007 – 2008. It also ordered the school to disassociate itself from Traylor (who has since died), Taylor and Bullock until 2012, and	and	CCONJ	Webber	PROPN	 Webber
The earthwork from the Føyno side was transported by bardge to Austevoll and used to build the Austevoll Bridge. The earthwork from the Sveio side was used to build roads and a golf course in the area. In average, the tunnel was built at a speed of	of	ADP	55	NUM	 55
Empress Wu's rise to power was achieved through cruel and calculating tactics: a popular conspiracy theory stated that she killed her own baby girl and blamed it on Gaozong's empress so that the empress would be demoted. Emperor Gaozong suffered a stroke in 655, and	and	CCONJ	Wu	PROPN	 Wu
Of the 40 Avery Coonley students who took Le Grand Concours, 32 placed in the top ten in the nation at their grade level. Avery Coonley third group students " won highest honors in the WordMasters Challenge, a national language arts competition " in 2007, placing	placing	VERB	eighth	ADV	 eighth
Helicoverpa zea is the most common and destructive pest of soybean growth in Virginia. About one third of Virginia acreage is treated annually with pounds of insecticide, costing farmers around 2 million dollars. The degree of damage varies on the size of the pest infestation, the	the	DET	timing	NOUN	 timing
The game's puzzle design has been praised for creating a rewarding experience for players who work through challenges on their own; Kristen Reed of Eurogamer, for example, said that " you quietly, logically, willingly proceed, and the illusion is perfect: the game	game	NOUN	never	ADV	 never
The inspiration for the Slime came to Yuji Horii, the creator of Dragon Quest, from a role playing game called Wizardry. " I was really hooked on ' Wizardy, ' the PC game,... There's... slime looking characters..., so I got	got	VERB	the	DET	 the
200), known for being the first king to involve Axum in the affairs of what is now Yemen. He is known primarily from inscriptions in South Arabia that mention him and his son BYGT (also vocalized as " Beyga " or " Beygat ").	.	PUNCT	GDRT	PROPN	 GDRT
By daylight, a North Korean force of 300 to 400 had penetrated to Wich ' on dong and 2nd Battalion's H Company engaged it in close combat. In a grenade and automatic weapons attack, the North Koreans overran the advance positions of the company, the	the	DET	mortar	NOUN	 mortar
After finally revealing their relationship to their friends, who are delighted by the news, Monica proposes to Chandler, and they marry. After several failed attempts to conceive a child of their own, Monica and Chandler discover that they are both infertile, and ultimately settle	settle	VERB	upon	SCONJ	 upon
She also appeared on The Oprah Winfrey Show in and performed " Ray of Light " and " Little Star ". During the 1998 MTV Video Music Awards Madonna started performing " Shanti / Ashtangi ", sporting black hair and wearing an Indian sari. Lenny Kravitz then	then	ADV	appeared	VERB	 appeared
Built by Bombardier Transportation and Vossloh Kiepe, the initial eight M5000s were ordered to allow services to be increased. They are part of the Flexity Swift range of light rail vehicles, and have a design similar to the K5000 vehicle used on the Cologne Stadtbahn. With	With	ADP	the	DET	 the
US 83 and westbound US 270 continue north from this junction toward Liberal, while US 64 and US 270 eastbound form a concurrency heading due east. Passing north of Floris, the highways proceed east for about 18 1 ⁄ 2 miles (29.8 km) without any	any	DET	curves	NOUN	 curves
The Allied Tripartite Commission allocated Ihn to the Soviet Union at the end of 1945. By this time she had developed some problems with her boilers and the British proposed to swap her for Theodor Reidel to avoid forcing the Soviets to wait for her to be repaired.	.	PUNCT	They	PRON	 They
Don't you ever try to fuck me. " Cartman eventually betrays Billy by telling Billy's mother that he got an F on his social studies test, and takes over the cartel after Billy is grounded. The Colonel assigns Cartman the task of assassinating Oliver to	to	PART	prevent	VERB	 prevent
A sheriff and his officers were called upon to disperse the crowd, but by the time the mob left, the Royal Street property had sustained major damage, with " scarcely any thing [remaining] but the walls. " The tortured slaves were taken to a	a	DET	local	ADJ	 local
The calving rate estimated by number of yearlings is considerably high... (which could mean that) more than 55% of the tamaraws are giving birth. In Mount Iglit Baco National Park, the official count of the animal was 263 in 2006, 239 in 2007	2007	NUM	and	CCONJ	 and
The odor is not distinctive, and the taste mild or faintly acrid. The latex is copious, white on exposure, unchanging, slowly staining flesh and gills vinaceous. The spore print is yellowish. The edibility of the mushroom has not been officially documented. The	The	DET	species	NOUN	 species
Since its release, the film has received better than average reviews for a straight to DVD franchise sequel, with film critic Brian Orndorf giving the film a B, calling it " moody, pleasingly quick draw, and knows when to quit, making the Universal Soldier	Soldier	PROPN	brand	NOUN	 brand
On the other hand, Elliot sees it as an evolution of the normal runic letter by straightening the left branching stroke and mirroring the letter. No.21 ᛞ is written in a unique form with the two diagonal crossbars forming a triangle rather than crossing in the middle.	.	PUNCT	This	PRON	 This
The older trade unionist based members of the Labor Party vehemently opposed changing the status quo. However, the " New Guard " of the party, of which Dunstan was a part, were determined to bring about its end. Attempts in 1959 and 1961 failed,	,	PUNCT	with	ADP	 with
Wrapped in Red's second single, the title track, was serviced to radio airplay on November 25, 2014. On the week ending December 28, 2014, it debuted on the Billboard Adult Contemporary chart at number 11 on the week ending December 13, 2014	2014	NUM	.	PUNCT	.
" This vision is a cold, dark, damp one, and even the romance between Willis and Stowe feels desperate rather than joyous. All of this is done very well, and the more you know about movies (especially the technical side), the more	more	ADV	you	PRON	 you
" Some Enchanted Evening " was the first full length episode produced, but it did not broadcast until May 1990, as the last episode of the first season, because of animation problems. The series quickly became a worldwide phenomenon, to the surprise of many.	.	PUNCT	Groening	NOUN	 Groening
He proposed to instead concentrate on training white Rhodesians for leadership roles and specialist units, and to disperse the colony's men across the forces in small groups. These ideas met with approval in both Salisbury and London and were adopted. Southern Rhodesia would be automatically included	included	VERB	in	ADP	 in
As reported by the Byzantine chronicler Theophanes the Confessor, the Arab attack was methodical: in 672 – 673 Arab fleets secured bases along the coasts of Asia Minor, and then proceeded to install a loose blockade around Constantinople. They used the peninsula of Cyzicus near the	the	DET	city	NOUN	 city
During the 1980s, Jean Marie Le Pen complained about the rising number of " social parasites ", and called for deregulation, tax cuts, and the phasing out of the welfare state. As the party gained growing support from the economically vulnerable, it converted towards	towards	ADP	politics	NOUN	 politics
The series follows Adrian Monk (Tony Shalhoub), a private detective with obsessive – compulsive disorder and multiple phobias, and his assistant Natalie Teeger (Traylor Howard). In this episode, Dr. Charles Kroger (Stanley Kamel), Monk's psychiatrist, retires after	after	ADP	blaming	VERB	 blaming
The nature of the contest fractured in the next few days. Several remarks by Bill Clinton and other surrogates, and a remark by Hillary Clinton concerning Martin Luther King, Jr. and Lyndon B. Johnson, were perceived by many as, accidentally or intentionally, limiting Obama	Obama	PROPN	as	ADP	 as
His successor Michele Acquarone was also upset by the decision, believing that damage had been done to the Giro and noting that RCS Sport would need to commission a new trophy to award to Scarponi. Scarponi, as well as John Gadret, the rider elevated onto the	the	DET	podium	NOUN	 podium
In 1436 he authorized the town to use its own coat of arms. The Kingdom of Hungary was defeated by the Ottoman Empire in the Battle of Mohács in 1526. The Turks besieged and damaged Pressburg, but failed to conquer it. Owing to Ottoman advances into	into	ADP	Hungarian	ADJ	 Hungarian
Those who obtain the ball may be able to extract a promise from the kitsune to help them in exchange for its return. For example, a 12th century tale describes a man using a fox's hoshi no tama to secure a favor: " Confound you!	!	PUNCT	"	PUNCT	 "
These twin victories completed the Allied triumph, and ended the Persian threat to Greece. Whatever the cause of Themistocles's unpopularity in 479 BC, it obviously did not last long. Both Diodorus and Plutarch suggest he was quickly restored to the favour of the Athenians.	.	PUNCT	Indeed	ADV	 Indeed
While writing Celebrity Skin, Love was mainly influenced by Neil Young and My Bloody Valentine. She also cited her contemporary PJ Harvey as an influence, saying, " The one rock star that makes me know I'm shit is Polly Harvey. I'm nothing next	next	ADJ	to	ADP	 to
On his feet were placed clogs, or wooden shoes, and he was then put into the poena cullei, a sack made of ox leather. Placed along with him into the sack was also an assortment of live animals, arguably the most famous combination being that	that	PRON	of	ADP	 of
On arrival, a team from the Department for International Development (DfID) was based on board the ship to assist the crew's efforts. Peter Penfold, the British High Commissioner — who had been evacuated to Guinea — temporarily lived on the ship before it was	was	AUX	deemed	VERB	 deemed
Zhang Heng's writing confirms the size of the imperial hunting park in the suburbs of Chang ' an, as his estimate for the circumference of the park's encircling wall agrees with the historian Ban Gu's estimate of roughly 400 li (one li in Han times	times	NOUN	was	AUX	 was
This was Horizon House (1101 N. Calvert Street) in Baltimore, Maryland, an 18 story apartment building with rooftop pool and ground floor retail area in the historic Mount Vernon neighborhood. In March 1963, he created a design for 1050 31st Street NW, a	a	DET	spare	NOUN	 spare
Characters such as Benimaru Nikaido and Chang Koehan were added to have an off beat variety to the cast, which he has previously deemed to be too serious. SNK artist C.A.C Yamasaki commented that although the lead programmer thought the game would not sell well, he believed	believed	VERB	it	PRON	 it
For instance, the turbo trainers provide a speed burst to reach a certain destination on time. Banjo and Kazooie are occasionally aided by their friend Mumbo Jumbo, a shaman who can use magical powers to transform them into several creatures like a termite, a pumpkin,	,	PUNCT	a	DET	 a
The Anglo Norman was developed in the early 19th century, and along with Thoroughbred and local Norman blood, influences were seen from other breeds, including British and Russian trotting horses. By the mid 19th century, the Anglo Norman was a popular breed throughout France,	,	PUNCT	and	CCONJ	 and
" Another claim is that " Albert Einstein's work had nothing to do with the development of the atomic bomb ", and that Einstein was only a minor contributor to the theory of relativity. The Guardian of the United Kingdom has referred to Conservapedia's politics as	as	ADP	"	PUNCT	 "
He tended to go into the studio after the rest of the band had recorded and finished the backing tracks, particularly for Who Do We Think We Are, to lay down his vocals separately. He had been continually at loggerheads with Blackmore, disagreeing about music regularly	regularly	ADV	,	PUNCT	,
On 22 August 1947, just after a week of becoming governor general Jinnah dissolved the elected government of Dr. Khan Abdul Jabbar Khan. Later on, Abdul Qayyum Khan was put in place by Jinnah in the Pukhtoon dominated province despite him being a Kashmiri. On 12	12	NUM	August	PROPN	 August
This was followed by the first human spaceflight in 1961, when Yuri Gagarin was sent into orbit on Vostok 1. The first humans to escape Earth orbit were Frank Borman, Jim Lovell and William Anders in 1968 on board the U.S. Apollo 8, which achieved lunar	lunar	ADJ	orbit	NOUN	 orbit
Mr. Finch propositions the Doctor a second time, tempting him with the ability to save the Time Lords and override human mortality. With Sarah Jane's counseling, the Doctor refuses, and they run from Mr. Finch. After Kenny (a student who had not eaten	eaten	VERB	the	DET	 the
He described aurora phenomena as, " shimmering fingers of green light reaching up from the dark ocean, an arc of light around the South Magnetic Pole ". June English provides contextual information about Jones ' mission. Mission: Earth, Voyage to the Home Planet received	received	VERB	a	DET	 a
The SAO SBWS was declared an autonomous territory in eastern Croatia following the Battle of Borovo Selo just to the south of Dalj. After the attack, the non Serb civilian population in the village and the surrounding area was persecuted. They were forced to flee their homes	homes	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
After the war, the American army occupied Mexico City and the surrounding region. During the occupation, Raynolds and others set out to map and explore nearby mountains. Raynolds's party is credited with being the first confirmed to climb to the summit of Pico de Orizaba	Orizaba	PROPN	(	PUNCT	 (
Luge was contested in three events at the 1994 Winter Olympics. Singles was contested over four heats in two days, while doubles was contested in two heats on one day. Men's singles took place on 13 and 14 February, women's singles took place on	on	ADP	15	NUM	 15
In April 2014, after much speculation, Beyoncé and Jay Z officially announced their On the Run Tour. It served as the couple's first co headlining stadium tour together. On August 24, 2014, she received the Video Vanguard Award at the 2014 MTV Video	Video	PROPN	Music	PROPN	 Music
Boyd was promoted to professor of physics in 1948. Around 1950, under the authority of his rank of commander in the U.S. Navy Reserve, Boyd created a U.S. Navy Research Reserve Unit at Georgia Tech that included officers from both Georgia Tech and the Atlanta metropolitan area	area	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
It was written by Donovan Bennett, Paul, K. Ford and Rihanna, while production was handled by Don Corleon. The song was released on November 13, 2006, as the album's fourth and final single. " Break It Off " is a futuristic pop	pop	NOUN	dancehall	NOUN	 dancehall
He was later convinced by the band that this was not the case. Following the completion of the album, Velvet Revolver performed for and inducted Van Halen into the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame, with Weiland and Slash speaking on the band's behalf, on	on	ADP	March	PROPN	 March
The outbreak of the Spanish Civil War in July 1936 presented Gibraltar with major security concerns, as it was initially on the front lines of the conflict. The ultimately successful rebellion led by General Francisco Franco broke out across the Strait in Morocco, and the Spanish Republican	Republican	ADJ	government	NOUN	 government
Burtt also used, as he did in many of his films, the ubiquitous Wilhelm scream when a Nazi falls from a truck. In addition to his use of such time honored foley work, Burtt also demonstrated the modern expertise honed during his award winning work on	on	ADP	Star	PROPN	 Star
Though happy about their return, he expresses his displeasure at seeing Juliet. Hugo " Hurley " Reyes (Jorge Garcia) engages Juliet in casual conversation. Juliet guesses that Hurley was sent to keep an eye on her. He tells her the last Other who came	came	VERB	over	ADP	 over
According to Hofschröer, the best Dutch troops were at Halle and he questions the reasons for their placement. The Prussian army was in the throes of reorganisation. In 1815, the former Reserve regiments, Legions, and Freikorps volunteer formations from the wars of 1813 –	–	PUNCT	1814	NUM	 1814
After Principal Skinner catches her, Marge suggests that Lisa try to go until midnight without calling the hotline; if she can do so, she will have conquered her addiction. Although tempted throughout the rest of the day, Lisa beats her addiction. " Brother from	from	ADP	the	DET	 the
The largest creditors were Sparebanken Nord, who was owed 13 million and had collateral in two aircraft, Sparebanken Nordland, who were owed NOK 11 million and had collateral in one aircraft, and Kredittkassen / Fiskernes Bank, who were owed NOK 1.9 million. The banks	banks	NOUN	estimated	VERB	 estimated
Denham and the FBI arrest Josh and the crew (except Slide) as they walk outside the Tower. Miss Iovenko arrives, telling the FBI that she passed her bar exam three days ago and is acting as Josh's attorney. She shows them Shaw's ledger	ledger	NOUN	and	CCONJ	 and
In 1987's Blasteroids, Ed Rotberg added " power ups, ship morphing, branching levels, bosses, and the ability to dock your ships in multiplayer for added firepower. " Blasteroids uses raster graphics instead of vectors. Asteroids has been ported to multiple platforms,	,	PUNCT	including	VERB	 including
Wason also used confirmation bias to explain the results of his selection task experiment. In this task, participants are given partial information about a set of objects, and have to specify what further information they would need to tell whether or not a conditional rule ("	"	PUNCT	If	SCONJ	 If
In the spring of 1123 the two sides finally set the terms of the first Song – Jin treaty. Only seven prefectures (including Yanjing) would be returned to the Song, and the Song would pay an annual indemnity of 300,000 packs of silk and 200,000 taels	taels	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
Porter edited the Constellation, a newspaper in New York City that published humorous stories. Porter became interested in sports, and concentrated on the emerging sports journalism field. In December 1831, Porter published the first issue of a new newspaper devoted to covering sports and other	other	ADJ	recreational	ADJ	 recreational
At first, Bradman did not appear concerned by the partnership between the two bowlers from Surrey — it was thought the Australian captain may have been happy for England to continue batting so his top order would not have to bat in fading light towards the end of the	the	DET	afternoon	NOUN	 afternoon
Second, Warren recalled that Kennedy had visited Israel twice, the first time in 1939 when it was still part of the British Mandate, and the second time in 1951. Speaking in 1951 of the differences between the people he witnessed during those two visits, he	he	PRON	said	VERB	 said
Meanwhile, a mutual friend introduced them to Chad Channing, and the three musicians agreed to jam together. Channing continued to jam with Cobain and Novoselic, although the drummer noted, " They never actually said ' okay, you're in, ' " and Channing	Channing	NOUN	played	VERB	 played
The report in response to the legislation declared that there is no material that would reduce the one cent coin's manufacturing cost to below one cent, so it was removed from consideration. The report requested additional time to study the issue, ensuring the continuation, for	for	ADP	the	DET	 the
The singles " Digital Love " and " Harder, Better, Faster, Stronger " were also very successful in the UK and on the United States dance chart. " Digital Love " was subsequently covered by the bands Kodaline and Hellogoodbye. The song " Face to	to	ADP	Face	PROPN	 Face
Upset that his contract was not extended, Chandler resigned effective July 15, 1951. In an interview with The Sporting News in August 1951, Chandler cited his decision to void a trade between the New York Yankees and Chicago White Sox for outfielder Dick Wakefield as a	a	DET	major	ADJ	 major
Heisman, however, was seeking vengeance for a 22 – 0 baseball loss to Cumberland in the spring of 1916, a game in which Heisman suspected Cumberland of hiring professional players to pose as Cumberland students. Heisman refused the game's cancellation and Cumberland mustered up a	a	DET	group	NOUN	 group
The highway connected US Highway 2 (US 2) to the State Highway Ferry Dock used before the Mackinac Bridge was built. It was retired and the road returned to local control in 1957. Prior to the opening of the Mackinac Bridge, travelers wishing to venture	venture	VERB	from	ADP	 from
In a season that was fraught with lengthy injuries to a number of his team mates (such as T.J. Ford and Chris Bosh), he managed to play in all 82 regular season games and ensured that Toronto made the 2008 NBA Playoffs, albeit as the sixth	sixth	ADJ	seed	NOUN	 seed
It is an A type main sequence star of spectral class A1 V, which lies 180 light years (55 parsecs) away. Located outside the triangle near Beta, Delta Trianguli Australis is the fourth brightest star at apparent magnitude + 3.8. It is a yellow	yellow	ADJ	giant	NOUN	 giant
On September 23, 1846, Johann Gottfried Galle located a new planet, later named Neptune, at nearly the position predicted by Le Verrier. The rotational period of the interior of Uranus is 17 hours, 14 minutes. As on all the giant planets, its	its	PRON	upper	ADJ	 upper
Zoë Bell, Michael Bowen, Robert Carradine, Jake Garber, Ted Neeley, James Parks, and Tom Savini play Candyland trackers, while Michael Parks and John Jarratt, alongside Tarantino himself in a cameo appearance as Robert, play the LeQuint Dickey Mining Company employees.	.	PUNCT	In	ADP	 In
Managed by Mike Guerrero, the Sounds finished the 2012 season in second place with a losing 67 – 77 record, sixteen games behind first place Omaha. Nashville set a franchise record low win – loss record in 2013. The 57 – 87 season eclipsed the previous	previous	ADJ	franchise	NOUN	 franchise
This character could be interpreted as Faramir. In the Lord of the Rings movie trilogy directed by Peter Jackson, Faramir is played by David Wenham. The actor jokes that he got the role because he and Sean Bean, who played Boromir, both had large noses	noses	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
" Ken Tucker summarized Hartman's comedic style: " He could momentarily fool audiences into thinking he was the straight man, but then he'd cock an eyebrow and give his voice an ironic lilt that delivered a punchline like a fast slider — you barely saw it	it	PRON	coming	VERB	 coming
Instead of attempting to faithfully reproduce texts, almost all of Johnson's translators followed the 18th century practice of freely adapting their texts, for example by substituting " British " counterparts of " German " examples. Johnson's first periodicals, Gospel Magazine (1766 –?	?	PUNCT	)	PUNCT	)
Maya Natsume (棗 真夜, Natsume Maya) A third year student and the current leader of the Juken Club. She is very skilled in various martial arts, but does not possess the Dragon's Eye like her siblings. For this reason her father entrusted her	her	PRON	with	ADP	 with
Sei whales are rorquals (family Balaenopteridae), baleen whales that include the humpback whale, the blue whale, the Bryde's whale, the fin whale, and the minke whale. Rorquals take their name from the Norwegian word røyrkval, meaning " furrow whale "	"	PUNCT	,	PUNCT	,
Members of the third batch (70045 – 70054) were equipped with another tender design, the BR1D, which had 9 tons of coal and 4,750 gallons of water, due to the fact that they were intended for use on longer runs in the north of the	the	DET	railway	NOUN	 railway
In 2013, his son Piotr Ząbecki wrote an article about him for Życie Siedleckie that revised the number to 1,297,000. Ząbecki's daily records of transports to the camp, and demographic information regarding the number of people deported from each ghetto to Treblinka, were the two	two	NUM	main	ADJ	 main
In an effort to eradicate the infestation that has claimed 3 percent of the human population, the World Health Organization of the United Nations establish a secret internal organization, the Committee of the Universal Resolution of Ecocatastrophe (CURE) in 2002 with several international branches, and	and	CCONJ	creates	VERB	 creates
Bresnahan caught a career high 138 games in 1908, batting.283 and leading the NL in walks. Bresnahan also developed the first batting helmet. He was hit in the head with a pitch by Andy Coakley of the Cincinnati Reds on June 18, 1907. Bresnahan was	was	AUX	unconscious	ADJ	 unconscious
This was particularly evident at Cannes, where the film was nominated for the Palme d'Or and Jarmusch was commended for the festival's Best Artistic Achievement. It was nominated in six categories at the 1989 Independent Spirit Awards: Best Picture, Best Screenplay (Jim Jarmusch)	)	PUNCT	,	PUNCT	,
They are the Eurasian crag martin (P. rupestris), the pale crag martin (P. obsoleta), the rock martin (P. fuligula) and the dusky crag martin (P. concolor). They are closely related to each other, and have formerly sometimes been	been	AUX	considered	VERB	 considered
Karl becomes determined to tell her the truth about her condition, while her nephew, Darcy (Mark Raffety), insists they treat her " with kid gloves. " Woodburne revealed " Susan keeps asking when she's going to be allowed home to see her parents	parents	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
Initially tuition at the school was free, funded by various endowments and rents obtained from lands the most significant arising from the Abolition of the Chantries Acts, and the re appropriation of funds to the school. In 1944 under the Education Act education remained free, however	however	ADV	the	DET	 the
Apart from the 19 archaeological sites identified by the Archaeological Survey of India, some of the prominent places of interest are the Aghor Peeth, the Alamgir Mosque, the Ashoka Pillar, the Bharat Kala Bhawan (Art Museum), the Bharat Mata Temple, the Central	Central	PROPN	University	PROPN	 University
Both streams are intermittent in their upper reaches. The western shore mimics the shape of the east. As it moves south of the Carancahua Creek mouth, Weedhaven is formed, south of which, the shore counters Cape Carancahua and heads northeast past several oil wells to	to	ADP	a	DET	 a
Richard Godwin remarked: " At a time when the economy teeters towards a double dip and their immediate peers are taking to the streets to rage against rising costs of education, a hopeless jobs market and dim prospects of affording a home, one set is partying like	like	SCONJ	there	PRON	 there
The " Young " sympathized with the Social Democrats of the Kingdom of Poland and Lithuania and believed that priority should be given to co operation with Russian revolutionaries in toppling the Tsarist regime and creating a socialist utopia that would facilitate negotiations for independence. Piłsudski and his supporters	supporters	NOUN	in	ADP	 in
It was serialized in Kodansha's Weekly Shōnen Magazine between May 2008 and February 2014. The series was licensed for Crunchyroll Manga in October 2013. The plot follows the daily life of Haruto Kirishima as he becomes enamored with Yuzuki Eba. A story arc from A Town	Town	PROPN	Where	SCONJ	 Where
He then overcame another Turkish force that arrived to exact retribution near the fortress of Peritheorion (also known as Burugrad), and plundered several cities in the area that refused to surrender. Afterwards, Momchil along with 1,000 horsemen attacked Kantakouzenos, who had set camp near	near	ADP	Komotini	PROPN	 Komotini
Although there is no written ban on women driving cars, a Saudi driving license is required by law and these are not issued to women. Thus, it is effectively illegal for women to drive, and the ban is enforced by the mutawa. In 2013,	,	PUNCT	Saudi	PROPN	 Saudi
The band members, whom the host refers to as " thoroughly all right and decent fellas ", perform dressed in Beach Boys style outfits; Cobain wears glasses that blurred his vision, while Novoselic cut his hair short and liked it so much he kept it that	that	DET	way	NOUN	 way
Play resumed after a brief delay, once it was certain the Australian captain was fit to carry on, and since Larwood's over had ended, Woodfull did not have to face the bowling of Allen in the next over. However, when Larwood was ready to	to	PART	bowl	VERB	 bowl
However, under new manager Denis Smith, promotion was gained at the first attempt; Sunderland returned to the Second Division as Third Division champions in 1988. Two years later, Sunderland reached the Second Division play off final, after beating Newcastle United in the semi final	final	ADJ	.	PUNCT	.
In later years, Plymouth Governor William Bradford called him " a bitter enemy unto Plymouth upon all occasions. " The primary purpose of Weston's new colony was profit, rather than the religious reasons of the Plymouth settlers, and this dictated how the colony would be	be	AUX	assembled	VERB	 assembled
Early in 2014, the Nittany Lions hired James Franklin to replace O'Brien as head coach for the 2014 season. Graduate assistants Offense - Bartley Webb, Steven Williams Defense - Tim Kelly, Will Lawing Despite NCAA sanctions including limited scholarships and a bowl ban, Penn State	State	PROPN	retained	VERB	 retained
You shake off anything unpleasant like a poodle shaking off the water when it comes to the sea – natures like yours are the happiest in themselves, but they are not made to help, comfort and advise others, nor to share with others the heat of life	life	NOUN	's	PART	's
Over the next few days, the 33rd Division pursued the Germans to the River Selle and launched a bloody assault on the defended eastern bank during the opening stages of the Battle of the Selle. While a bridgehead was secured, it was abandoned due to losses and	and	CCONJ	the	DET	 the
During the argument that occurred when deciding which to use, opponents of Franklin's invention accused supporters of being American allies rather than being British, and the debate eventually led to the resignation of the society's president, Sir John Pringle. During the same time period	period	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
The public service German television channel ZDF called Valkyrie " neither scandalously bad nor the event of the century... Neither is it the action thriller we feared, but it is a well made and serious film. " The newspaper Kölner Stadt Anzeiger reported that any fear that	that	SCONJ	the	DET	 the
The first series issues do not reflect the expansion of the European Union: Cyprus is not depicted on those notes as the map does not extend far enough east; Malta is also missing as it does not meet the first series ' minimum size for depiction. Since	Since	SCONJ	the	DET	 the
However, the finished product, released in March 1982, was critically panned for its poor gameplay, and although it became the console's best selling title after shipping 7 million units, it still left Atari with over 5 million unsold cartridges — a problem compounded by	by	ADP	the	DET	 the
Samarium is not found free in nature, but, like other rare earth elements, is contained in many minerals, including monazite, bastnäsite, cerite, gadolinite and samarskite; monazite (in which samarium occurs at concentrations of up to 2.8%) and bastnäsite are	are	AUX	mostly	ADV	 mostly
The Malayan Emergency, as it was called, began in 1948 and lasted until 1960, but by 1957, Britain felt confident enough to grant independence to the Federation of Malaya within the Commonwealth. In 1963, the 11 states of the federation together with Singapore,	,	PUNCT	Sarawak	PROPN	 Sarawak
During Simeon's reign, the monastery was completely walled and separated from the city of Vagharshapat. Catholicos Ghukas (Lukas) continued the renovations in 1784 – 86. The Russian influence gradually penetrated into the region by the early 19th century. The Erivan Khanate, in	in	ADP	which	PRON	 which
Then the judge, Fray Domingo de Soto, summarised the arguments. Sepúlveda addressed Las Casas's arguments with twelve refutations, which were again countered by Las Casas. The judges then deliberated on the arguments presented for several months before coming to a verdict. The verdict	verdict	NOUN	was	AUX	 was
The composer's " Sabre Dance " (from Gayane) is also used when the boy is the first to try the hula hoop. " Prologue " (Khachaturian) – 3: 20 " Norville Suite " – 3: 53 " Waring's Descent " –	–	PUNCT	0	NUM	 0
Fingleton stood his ground and was hit several times. He then made a defiant four hour innings to top score with 83 in the first innings of Australia's only win of the series in the Second Test in Melbourne, although he did run out his batting partner	partner	NOUN	Leo	PROPN	 Leo
He reunited briefly with Weems, then settled in the St. Petersburg, Florida area in Treasure Island. In 1959, Tanner began working as a disc jockey on radio station WILZ in St. Pete Beach, Florida, a position which lasted several years. During this time	time	NOUN	he	PRON	 he
Lágrimas Cálidas was produced by Jose Gaviria and Andres Munera. It was recorded at Crescent Moon Studios and Big Dog Studios in Miami, New World Studios in Bogota and Promix Estudios in Medellin. The genre of the album is defined as Tropipop, because it mixes tropical	tropical	ADJ	genres	NOUN	 genres
The rear view mirror was added primarily with the two player link up mode in mind. The music was mostly taken from Ridge Racer 2, and as a result, the sound was finished more quickly than the game. Soundtrack composition involved four musicians, who composed	composed	VERB	for	ADP	 for
While he too was unable to break away from the group, his attack did cause Nibali to lose contact and reduced the group to ten riders. Giampaolo Caruso led the group into Ans and towards the climb to the finish. At the foot of the climb,	,	PUNCT	Daniel	PROPN	 Daniel
The film starred Hadidjah and Mohamad Mochtar, who had first acted together in JIF's Alang Alang (Grass; 1939) and were promoted as a celebrity couple in competition with Raden Mochtar and Roekiah of Tan's Film. It also featured Bissoe, Tan Tjeng Bok	Bok	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
The double exponential growth of the Sylvester sequence is unsurprising if one compares it to the sequence of Fermat numbers Fn; the Fermat numbers are usually defined by a doubly exponential formula, <formula>, but they can also be defined by a product formula very similar	similar	ADJ	to	ADP	 to
They joined a Congregationalist church in the U.S., and Stossel was raised Protestant. He grew up on Chicago's affluent North Shore and graduated from New Trier High School. Stossel characterizes his older brother, Tom, as " the superstar of the family ", commenting	commenting	VERB	,	PUNCT	,
" Lundgren received his first lead role as the mighty He Man in Masters of the Universe (1987), based on the popular children's toyline and cartoon. He starred alongside Frank Langella, Meg Foster, Chelsea Field, Billy Barty and Courteney Cox. Lundgren	Lundgren	PROPN	weighed	VERB	 weighed
Post War Borneo, 1945 – 1950: Nationalism, Empire and State Building. London: Routledge. ISBN 0 415 55959 6. Hutchinson, Garrie (2006). Pilgrimage: A Traveller's Guide to Australia's Battlefields. Melbourne: Black Inc. ISBN 1 86395	86395	NUM	387	NUM	 387
The Eastern Han, also known as the Later Han, formally began on 5 August 25, when Liu Xiu became Emperor Guangwu of Han. During the widespread rebellion against Wang Mang, the state of Goguryeo was free to raid Han's Korean commanderies; Han did	did	AUX	not	PART	 not
Bernier became a Member of the Legislative Assembly in the 2013 provincial election with 46% support. Before Bernier and Lekstrom, Peace River South was represented by Dawson Creek resident Jack Weisgerber. Weisgerber was first elected in 1986 as a member of the Social Credit Party and	and	CCONJ	served	VERB	 served
In 1905, Bedale suggested Birkett should go to Cambridge University to study history and theology. Birkett liked the idea, having previously conversed with A. C. Benson, the Master of Magdalene College, and applied to Emmanuel College, Cambridge. The college offered him a place	place	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
Weston is within the South West England constituency of the European Parliament which elects six MEPs using the d'Hondt method of party list proportional representation. The mainly flat landscape of Weston is dominated by Worlebury Hill, 109 metres (357 ft), which borders the entire northern	northern	ADJ	edge	NOUN	 edge
In Austria, Frederick was in conflict first with his brother Albert and then faced the pressure of Matthias Corvinus, who even drove him from Vienna and forced Frederick's court to assume an itinerant lifestyle. In the empire, Frederick faced the opposition of the Bavarian Wittelsbach	Wittelsbach	PROPN	dynasty	NOUN	 dynasty
Atari's stated reason for the burial was that it was changing from Atari 2600 to Atari 5200 games, but this was later contradicted by a worker who claimed that this was not the case. Atari official Bruce Enten stated that Atari was mostly sending broken and returned	returned	VERB	material	NOUN	 material
This wall has blocked up windows extending to a low level above ground, indicating that it was an external wall and proving that the eastern limb then had no aisle (Fig. 5). The south transept's southern wall is nearly complete, displaying the fine	fine	ADJ	workmanship	NOUN	 workmanship
Rolling Stone's Matthew Perpetua wrote " You know you're in for a great video when the very first thing you see is a disclaimer reading " No mythological creatures were harmed in the making of this video. " Perpetua wrote that " Blow " had it all	all	PRON	,	PUNCT	,
This NPC appears again in their remakes, but does not perform this function. In the main game series, many trainers use Abra, Kadabra, and Alakazam in their teams. Notable trainers include Saffron City Gym Leader Sabrina; Blue, the player's rival in	in	ADP	Pokémon	PROPN	 Pokémon
On his first Wilde Sau intercept mission against Allied bombers on the night of 22 September 1943, Welter shot down two Allied four engine bombers. He shot down a further two on his third mission on the night of 3 October 1943. By the beginning of April	April	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
In 1972, George Koltanowski wrote that, " his style was very pleasing to spectators because he was always looking for dangerous continuations and quite often he found them! " His name is associated with three chess opening variations: Milner Barry Variation of the Nimzo Indian Defence	Defence	PROPN	(	PUNCT	 (
This eight minute flight came four months after the maiden flight of the contemporary Hurricane. K5054 was fitted with a new propeller, and Summers flew the aircraft on 10 March 1936; during this flight the undercarriage was retracted for the first time. After the fourth flight	flight	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
They're super artist friendly. They let us make our record the way we wanted to make it. It's the best label we could be on. " In an interview with MTV Radio, Wade explained the message behind " Sick Cycle Carousel " and said	said	VERB	,	PUNCT	,
The Cincinnati Bearcats ended the 2007 college football season with a 10 – 2 record, including a win in the 2007 PapaJohns.com Bowl over Southern Miss, 31 – 21. It was only the second time in school history that Cincinnati had won 10 games in a season	season	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
Invertebrate predators include crabs, starfish and octopuses. Crabs crack the shells with their pincers and starfish use their water vascular system to force the valves apart and then insert part of their stomach between the valves to digest the bivalve's body. It has been found experimentally	experimentally	ADV	that	SCONJ	 that
It has been an annual tradition since 1983. Jazz in June is a music festival held the last full weekend in June at various venues across Norman. The festival features both jazz and blues musical performances as well as jazz educational clinics taught by professional musicians appearing in	in	ADP	the	DET	 the
After usually 63 to 65 days of gestation (although anywhere from 54 to 70 days is possible), a litter of typically two to five young is born. The average litter size varies widely with habitat, ranging from 2.5 in Alabama to 4.8 in North Dakota	Dakota	PROPN	.	PUNCT	.
The song received widespread acclaim from music critics. In the Rolling Stone review of the album, critic Kelefa Sanneh wrote: " One of the best is ' Fix You ', an unabashedly sentimental song where Martin delivers words of encouragement in a gentle falsetto [...	...	X	]	X	]
Professor Anspach assigned the Anti Monopoly trademark back to Parker Brothers, and Hasbro now owns it. Anspach's game remains in print. The previous publishers were a company called Talicor, but the game is currently distributed and sold by University Games worldwide. Various patents have	have	AUX	existed	VERB	 existed
The house's namesake is its first owner, Joshua Perkins, a farmer and son of the prominent Captain Matthew Perkins, a farmer and founding member of the Hanover Society. Ashlawn's main house has a five bay front facade with pilasters supporting broken base pediments.	.	PUNCT	The	DET	 The
The deal, when broken, meant that Anna had to be Rumplestiltskin's slave — but, alas, Anna gets control of the dagger that controls him, and orders him to never harm her or her sister, and to send her back home with Rumplestiltskin's	's	PART	weapon	NOUN	 weapon
No combativity awards were given for the time trials and the final stage. The winner wore a red number bib the following stage. At the conclusion of the Tour, Romain Bardet won the overall super combativity award. A total of €2,030,150 was awarded in cash	cash	NOUN	prizes	NOUN	 prizes
The penalty of excommunication for joining the Masonic Lodge was explicit in the 1917 code of canon law (canon 2335), and it is implicit in the 1983 code (canon 1374). Because the revised code of canon law is not explicit on this point,	,	PUNCT	some	PRON	 some
Thorpe began his athletic career at Carlisle in 1907 when he walked past the track and beat all the school's high jumpers with an impromptu 5 ft 9 in jump still in street clothes. His earliest recorded track and field results come from 1907. He also competed	competed	VERB	in	ADP	 in
The team is governed by the Sierra Leone Football Association and is part of the Confederation of African Football. Sierra Leone has played only four FIFA recognised matches, two in 1994 and two in 2010. The country has under 17 and under 20 women's national sides	sides	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
British troops were better trained than their French counterparts and were required to repeatedly practice firing with live rounds before encountering combat. Napoleon only personally campaigned in Spain once, between October 1808 and January 1809, taking most of his Guard and many élite troops with him when	when	SCONJ	he	PRON	 he
In November 2012 the consulting firm Edelman began work for Yousafzai on a pro bono basis, which according to the firm " involves providing a press office function for Malala. " The office employs five people, and is headed by speechwriter Jamie Lundie. McKinsey also continues	continues	VERB	to	PART	 to
Beverly Bryan of The Village Voice stated that the album " casts a spell with deep feeling, and melodies and lyrics that linger in the mind. Elegantly adorned with subtle strings and velvety production, it has the kind of warmth people are always saying they can hear	hear	VERB	on	ADP	 on
Putnam announced at a press conference that he was trying to raise the funds to pay the team's debts. He reported that the team had taken in about $2.3 million in gate receipts to that point, which left him " only $300,000 short of operating	operating	VERB	the	DET	 the
These Swedish settlers were Lutheran. The Gloria Dei (Old Swedes ’) Church was completed in 1700. Colonization extended to present day Trenton. German settlers began arriving in North America in the mid seventeenth century. They were particularly attracted by William Penn's promise of	of	ADP	religious	ADJ	 religious
All I really want is [to] just be me and that's what I should have done in the first place... I don't say this much but guess what, I don't take care of myself. " Following the quick removal of the messages	messages	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
This was mainly because its support was confined to rural areas. The Wildrose only won two seats in Calgary (while losing the two seats it held there at dissolution) and were completely shut out of Edmonton. Nonetheless, it tallied 34.3 percent of the popular vote	vote	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
The software package PRRN / PRRP uses a hill climbing algorithm to optimize its MSA alignment score and iteratively corrects both alignment weights and locally divergent or " gappy " regions of the growing MSA. PRRP performs best when refining an alignment previously constructed by a faster method.	.	PUNCT	Another	DET	 Another
All Things Must Pass was number 1 on the UK's official albums chart for eight weeks, although until 2006, chart records incorrectly stated that it had peaked at number 4. On Melody Maker's national chart, the album was also number 1 for eight weeks	weeks	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
Next he met and defeated the great mare Flight at even weights in the Tattersalls NSW Tramway Handicap. His win in the STC Hill Stakes made him the favourite for the AJC Epsom Handicap. After a good race, Shannon was the winner by a neck from Melhero	Melhero	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
White had an idea of a " bored through " revolver cylinder to allow the use of metallic cartridges in a handgun. After Colt fired White for suggesting an improvement to his revolver, White took his idea to Colt's competitor, Smith & Wesson, who patented	patented	VERB	his	PRON	 his
" She was also listed on GameDaily's list of " hottest " blondes in video games, described as both one of Nintendo's most famous protagonists as well as a " curvaceous, drop dead gorgeous woman, " and used to illustrate the " smart and sexy	sexy	ADJ	heroine	NOUN	 heroine
Although the bill was never resurrected, Pankhurst considered it a successful demonstration of militancy's power to capture attention. Pankhurst declared in 1906: " We are at last recognized as a political party; we are now in the swim of politics, and are a political	political	ADJ	force	NOUN	 force
Another fourth year reasoned " 1 is odd and if I go down it's even. " The interviews also revealed the misconceptions behind incorrect responses. A second year was " quite convinced " that zero was odd, on the basis that " it is the first	first	ADJ	number	NOUN	 number
Circe granted the soldiers magical weapons to aid them on their journey, and suggested that they see the Oracle of Delphi to discover whether the general had any weaknesses. During this time, the warrior vowed loyalty to Poseidon and to protect his men. After traveling through	through	ADP	Delphi	PROPN	 Delphi
The sixth solo song was the non album single " Bangla Desh ", released in 1971. Aside from the financial benefits of repackaging Beatles era songs, part of the reason for Capitol reducing Harrison's mostly successful solo years thus far to six album tracks was due	due	ADJ	to	ADP	 to
He was additionally given the task of drafting Labour's manifesto for the 2010 general election. On 3 October 2008, Miliband was promoted to become Secretary of State for the newly created Department of Energy and Climate Change in a Cabinet reshuffle. On 16 October, Miliband	Miliband	PROPN	announced	VERB	 announced
According to the director of the video for " Pork and Beans ", the song is about " the idea of being yourself, of being happy with who you are ". In the album notes, Cuomo compares this to Timbaland's music, " It actually	actually	ADV	sounds	VERB	 sounds
He was given a loud ovation by the fans who immediately embraced him as a local hero, even though it took him seven games before he scored his first goal as a member of the Flames. He scored 34 goals in Calgary, and combined with the 6	6	NUM	scored	VERB	 scored
" Mrs. California " aired on NBC in the United States on December 1, 2011. The episode was written by consulting producer Dan Greaney, marking his first writing credit for the series, and was directed by Charlie Grandy. The series — presented as if it	it	PRON	were	AUX	 were
This constituted an implicit condemnation of the British government's policy. Soon after, during the Battle of the Imjin River, Robertson was consulted by the Americans about the possible consequences of the loss of the 1st Battalion, the Gloucestershire Regiment, and he advised them not	not	PART	to	PART	 to
Any hope of resistance was centered on two young princes, Emperor Gong's brothers. The older boy, Zhao Shi, who was nine years old, was declared emperor on June 14, 1276, in Fuzhou. The court sought refuge in Quanzhou, seeking an	an	DET	alliance	NOUN	 alliance
The route crosses into Clinton Township and it features ramps connecting to Interstate 78 / U.S. Route 22, with access from westbound Route 173 to westbound Interstate 78 / U.S. Route 22 and from eastbound Interstate 78 / U.S. Route 22 to eastbound Route 173. Route 173 turns	turns	VERB	north	ADV	 north
Thus the phenomenon may occur in diving injuries. Trauma to parts of the respiratory system other than the lungs, such as rupture of a bronchial tube, may also cause subcutaneous emphysema. Air may travel upward to the neck from a pneumomediastinum that results from a bronchial	bronchial	ADJ	rupture	NOUN	 rupture
The A380 requires service vehicles with lifts capable of reaching the upper deck, as well as tractors capable of handling the A380's maximum ramp weight. When using two jetway bridges the boarding time is 45 min, and when using an extra jetway to the upper deck	deck	NOUN	it	PRON	 it
It was divided on the Syrian military presence in the country and on the use of arms to resolve the Shebaa farms dispute. Later, in December 2004 and again in February 2005, the movement was among an agglomeration of opposition parties to gather at Beirut's Le	Le	PROPN	Bristol	PROPN	 Bristol
The pyjama shark is commonly encountered in very shallow intertidal and littoral waters no more than 5 m (16 ft) deep, though in and around Algoa Bay it occurs at depths of 50 – 100 m (160 – 330 ft) and has been reported to	to	ADP	108	NUM	 108
Allmusic long time contributor Stephen Thomas Erlewine considered it the highlight of My December, along with " Never Again " and " Irvine ", writing that the song " give this album some much needed spark. " Clarkson first performed " One Minute " at Daytona 500	500	NUM	on	ADP	 on
In foreign policy matters Koht and Nygaardsvold usually made decisions without consulting the other ministers, merely informing the rest of the cabinet of the decisions that had been made. After the League of Nations failed as an effective international body, Koht again favoured the strict neutrality policy	policy	NOUN	to	PART	 to
Hardboiled had no specific goal for the Allies, other than to convince the Germans of an imminent invasion threat against Norway. Clarke had already established that deception operations should have a clear idea of what the enemy was supposed to do (rather than what they were expected	expected	VERB	to	PART	 to
A thunderstorm cell formed south of Long Island around 10: 20 am, and became a supercell sometime later after interacting with a surface low pressure center. It turned north as a left moving supercell, meaning it moved left with respect to the mean atmospheric flow.	.	PUNCT	Left	VERB	 Left
In revenge, Thorolf killed Thord's seven- or eight year old son Olaf, to the disgust of Thorolf's wife and kinsmen. Thorolf fled and eventually secured the protection of Thorvald Hjaltasson, a prominent leader who lived at Hjaltadal. After Christmas, Thorvald secured for	for	ADP	him	PRON	 him
" According to Scientology publications, he served as a " Commodore of Corvette squadrons " in " all five theaters of World War II " and was awarded " twenty one medals and palms " for his service. He was " severely wounded and was taken crippled and	and	CCONJ	blinded	VERB	 blinded
Tecumseh informed Harrison that he had threatened to kill the chiefs who signed the treaty if they carried out its terms, and that his confederation of tribes was growing rapidly. Harrison said the Miami were the owners of the land and could sell it if they so chose	chose	VERB	.	PUNCT	.
The allied armies around York were separated from each other by rivers, and if Rupert attacked them in their siege lines he could destroy any one army before the other two could come to its aid. Therefore, they abandoned the siege on the night of 30 June	June	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
About 20% of children on the ketogenic diet achieve freedom from seizures, and many are able to reduce the use of anticonvulsant drugs or eliminate them altogether. Commonly, at around two years on the diet, or after six months of being seizure free, the	the	DET	diet	NOUN	 diet
" He challenged Priestley to " clear himself of the accusation " or face prosecution. " Barely a month later, in November and December 1799, Priestley stepped forward in his own defence, with his Letters to the inhabitants of Northumberland. Priestley ’ s son,	,	PUNCT	William	PROPN	 William
Howe successfully forced Washington out of the New York area in the 28 October Battle of White Plains, and then turned his attention to consolidate British hold on Manhattan. In November he attacked the remaining Continental Army stronghold in the Battle of Fort Washington, taking several thousand	thousand	NUM	prisoners	NOUN	 prisoners
" While a number of scientists wrote in support of Roosevelt and his position, Long produced several witnesses to prove his claims; to combat one of Roosevelt's specific complaints, Long provided a statement from " a full blooded Sioux Indian " who declared that wolves in	in	ADP	the	DET	 the
A year later, Garfield entered politics as a Republican. He married Lucretia Rudolph in 1858, and served as a member of the Ohio State Senate (1859 – 1861). Garfield opposed Confederate secession, served as a major general in the Union Army during the	the	DET	American	PROPN	 American
When the Second World War broke out, the decision was made to raise several machine gun battalions within the 2nd AIF, allocated at a rate of one per division. The 2 / 2nd Machine Gun Battalion was formed on 2 May 1940, in Sydney, New	New	PROPN	South	PROPN	 South
The noble gases up to xenon have multiple stable isotopes. Radon has no stable isotopes; its longest lived isotope, 222Rn, has a half life of 3.8 days and decays to form helium and polonium, which ultimately decays to lead. Melting and boiling points generally	generally	ADV	increase	VERB	 increase
Tetsuo Hiraga from Hot Express commended the tracks. Regarding " July 1st " and " Independent ", Hiraga praised the songs for showing positive messages and having more personality drawn towards the songs and said the songs had shown more " respect. " Regarding " Hanabi "	"	PUNCT	,	PUNCT	,
The Archbishop's curse had no discernible effect, either on Urse's career or the castle. Other chroniclers record that Urse stole monastic lands, including some from Evesham Abbey. Urse gained a reputation for greed and avarice, especially with regard to church lands. Great	Great	ADJ	Malvern	PROPN	 Malvern
A crater 1 km (0.6 mi) across and 300 m (1,000 ft) deep formed out of the rubble. The event involved the movement of 100 million cubic meters of volcanic material. A region of 10 to 13 km2 (4 to 5 sq mi	mi	PROPN	)	PUNCT	)
Next came a career as chief purser on cargo and passenger ships travelling to South America, Europe, and Asia. In the 1930s, German and British passengers expressed fears about the Nazis, and military officers told him that Germany was equipping for war. Buckles witnessed	witnessed	VERB	antisemitism	NOUN	 antisemitism
Re writes on " Home Soil " continued throughout shooting, with Corey Allen receiving pages on the day before filming, something that Allen described as a " struggle ". Of the story in general, The Next Generation writer and producer Maurice Hurley said it was "	"	PUNCT	An	DET	 An
The hull survived and, renamed the Prama Hydra and armed with four cannons, was stationed at the mouth of the Lido's port where it served as a coastal battery. Subsequently, the ship was returned to the Arsenale and used as a prison ship until it	it	PRON	was	AUX	 was
The southern black bream is golden brown or bronze coloured on the back and sides, with greenish reflections when fresh, while the belly and chin are white. The fins are all dusky in colour, with the caudal fin often a dusky olive brown. The species	species	NOUN	has	AUX	 has
The bill had been written by Bob Bartlett, the Congressional Delegate from the Alaska Territory who later became a U.S. Senator. Senator Richard L. Neuberger (D Oregon) sponsored an equivalent bill, S. 2518, in the Senate. The Alaska Mental Health Bill's stated	stated	VERB	purpose	NOUN	 purpose
Prawirowihardjo took to raising the boy as his own, which provided Suharto a father figure and a stable home in Wuryantoro. In 1931, he moved to the town of Wonogiri to attend the primary school, living first with Prawirohardjo's son Sulardi, and later with	with	ADP	his	PRON	 his
In the past the show was also syndicated on TVtropolis (now DTour) and on Adult Swim from July 4, 2012. The show also airs in Ireland on 3e, and in New Zealand on Four. In the United Kingdom, Family Guy premiered in September	September	PROPN	1999	NUM	 1999
After the rematch, in which Hardy was forced to tap out, MVP attacked Hardy, repeatedly targeting his knee. It was later confirmed by WWE.com that Hardy had suffered an injury at his former partner's hands and that he might not be able to compete at	at	ADP	Survivor	PROPN	 Survivor
Berger was beset with injuries throughout his career and received specialist treatment in the United States. He retired on 6 January 2010 due to knee injuries. Berger was born in Prague, Czechoslovakia. His uncle is the Czech footballer Jan Berger. He married wife Jaroslava,	,	PUNCT	and	CCONJ	 and
These monks brought many rare Buddhist scriptures with them. In 1962, the permanent closure of the Jelep Pass after the Sino Indian War disrupted trade between Tibet and India, and led to a slowdown in Kalimpong's economy. In 1976, the visiting Dalai Lama consecrated	consecrated	VERB	the	DET	 the
By the 1990s the hotel was beginning to lose it reputation and a slow decline in popularity began which would culminate in tragedy for Tony Pike. In 1998, Pike had put the hotel up for sale. A deal was set up for the sale which turned out	out	ADP	to	PART	 to
" In response to such criticisms, Transition published essays throughout the late 1920s, defending and explaining Joyce's work. In 1929, these essays (along with a few others written for the occasion) were collected under the title Our Exagmination Round His Factification for Incamination	Incamination	PROPN	of	ADP	 of
The puffball Disciseda pila was named for its external resemblance to B. pila. Found in Texas and Argentina, it has much larger, warted spores that measure 7.9 – 9.4 μm. Bovista pila is found in corrals, stables, roadsides, pastures and open woods.	.	PUNCT	The	DET	 The
She was coached for a short period by Loïc Courteau after trying unsuccessfully to convince Mauresmo to coach her. Her next coach was for a short time the former Spanish tennis player Carlos Cuadrado, until he was replaced with her former coach Neiland. After the loss in	in	ADP	the	DET	 the
A memorial service is held for Krusty at which Bob Newhart offers condolences. While everyone assumes that Krusty is dead, Bart believes otherwise when he begins to see a Krusty look alike all over town. With Lisa's help, he soon discovers that Krusty has gone	gone	VERB	into	ADP	 into
Born in London, he emigrated to New Zealand after leaving school, where he worked as a surveyor. He joined a volunteer militia unit in 1893, and went to South Africa as an officer with the first New Zealand contingent sent to the Boer War in 1899	1899	NUM	.	PUNCT	.
A distinct Greek political identity re emerged in the 11th century in educated circles and became more forceful after the fall of Constantinople to the Crusaders of the Fourth Crusade in 1204, so that when the empire was revived in 1261, it became in many ways a Greek	Greek	ADJ	national	ADJ	 national
Background vocals continue repeating words over a horn, playing in B♭ minor. The drums and the percussion start again and the chorus is sung twice, before fading out. According to the sheet music published by Alfred Publishing Co. Inc., " Cherish " is composed	composed	VERB	in	ADP	 in
" Anthony Lane of The New Yorker criticised the more imperfect and self aware depiction of the character, saying, " Even James Bond, in other words, wants to be 007. " Though American radio personality Michael Medved gave the film three stars out of four	four	NUM	,	PUNCT	,
They were married on January 28, 1956, at the Congregational Church in Wilmette, Illinois. When he moved to Edwards Air Force Base, he lived in the bachelor quarters of the base, while Janet lived in the Westwood district of Los Angeles. After one	one	NUM	semester	NOUN	 semester
Their exercising of these three habits is stiff and formal to begin with, and becomes increasingly snarky as the day goes on. Despite this, as Jim leaves the office to return to his business, he confesses to Pam that he thinks the three habits are helping	helping	VERB	and	CCONJ	 and
At the same time, Barcelona experienced an eruption in skinheads, who often identified with a right wing separatism. The skinheads slowly transferred the Boixos Nois ' ideology from liberalism to fascism, which caused division within the group and a sudden support for Núñez's presidency.	.	PUNCT	Inspired	VERB	 Inspired
In Plaplaya, the storm damaged 215 homes. In Trujillo, a number of buildings suffered damage. At Limón, nine houses were destroyed and eighteen more were left uninhabitable. Serious damage also occurred in Gracias a Dios Department, where hundreds of people were left homeless	homeless	ADJ	.	PUNCT	.
When stars form in the present Milky Way galaxy they are composed of about 71% hydrogen and 27% helium, as measured by mass, with a small fraction of heavier elements. Typically the portion of heavy elements is measured in terms of the iron content of	of	ADP	the	DET	 the
Agincourt had an overall length of 671 ft 6 in (204.7 m), a beam of 89 feet (27 m), and a draught of 29 feet 10 inches (9.1 m) at deep load. She displaced 27,850 long tons (28,297 t)	)	PUNCT	at	ADP	 at
Horses were used extensively for military trains. They were used to pull ambulances, carry supplies and ordnance. At the beginning of the war, the German army depended upon horses to pull its field kitchens, as well as the ammunition wagons for artillery brigades. The	The	DET	Royal	PROPN	 Royal
In Worcester, murage was raised to support work on the walls during three main phases, 1224 to 1239, 1252 to 1310 and 1364 to 1411. Worcester was attacked again during the Second Barons ' War in the 1260s, and the records suggest that some of	of	ADP	the	DET	 the
Surface analysis remains a manual and partially subjective exercise, whether it be via hand and paper, or via a workstation. The use of weather charts in a modern sense began in the middle portion of the 19th century. Weather map pioneers include William Charles Redfield,	,	PUNCT	William	PROPN	 William
There is also a discussion of the history of early children's television; specifically, Captain Kangaroo and The Howdy Doody Show. Davis emphasizes the coincidence that many involved with the show had first names that started with the letter J: Joan Cooney, Jon Stone,	,	PUNCT	Jim	PROPN	 Jim
Shackleton (2000) adjusted the time scale of the Vostok ice core δ18O record to fit the assumed orbital forcing and used spectral analysis to identify and subtract the component of the record that in this interpretation could be attributed to a linear (directly proportional) response to	to	ADP	the	DET	 the
Harrison had shown some favor to the free silver cause, but his party largely supported the hard money gold standard; Cleveland was solidly for gold, but his running mate, Adlai Stevenson of Illinois, was a silverite. Against these, the Populist Party stood alone	alone	ADJ	as	ADP	 as
Given the mountainous terrains of much of the territory, it is obvious that isolated peoples would develop cultural, educational, linguistic, and religious differences over such a lengthy time period. Germany, or the Germanies, of the nineteenth century enjoyed transportation and communications improvements tying	tying	VERB	the	DET	 the
Years later, after he fell out with Orozco, Villa wrote in his memoirs that the whole episode was a set up by Orozco, who had been paid 50,000 pesos by Díaz's agents to get him to kill Madero. While Katz and other scholars consider this	this	DET	assessment	NOUN	 assessment
Though male pigeons are usually larger than females, there is no direct evidence for the largest specimens actually being the males of the species, and this has only been assumed based on early works. Though the male was probably largest, this can only be confirmed by	by	ADP	molecular	ADJ	 molecular
The width of the track of a central eclipse varies according to the relative apparent diameters of the Sun and Moon. In the most favourable circumstances, when a total eclipse occurs very close to perigee, the track can be up to 267 km (166 mi)	)	PUNCT	wide	ADJ	 wide
In certain other species, the skin at the top of the head is compacted and the connective tissue of the dermis is co ossified with the bones of the skull (exostosis). Camouflage is a common defensive mechanism in frogs. Most camouflaged frogs are nocturnal;	;	PUNCT	during	ADP	 during
" In late 1863, Solano López was mobilizing his army and was in talks with Urquiza, the leader of the dissident Argentine Federalists, to convince him to join the proposed Paraguayan – Uruguayan alliance. The developments in Uruguay were closely watched by the Empire of Brazil	Brazil	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
Each time period is a scenario which presents a series of threats that must be avoided or confronted. Successfully navigating the sequences allows the player to progress to another period. The player uses a joystick and button to input commands, though home versions use a game controller	controller	NOUN	with	ADP	 with
In 1900, the South Road David Street Forbury Corner area was home to over 50 businesses. Today, the suburb is mainly residential, though it has areas of retail and light industrial businesses. The main retail area is on South Road between the start of the	the	DET	rise	NOUN	 rise
The kidney was examined by Dr Thomas Openshaw of the London Hospital, who determined that it was human and from the left side, but (contrary to false newspaper reports) he could not determine any other biological characteristics. Openshaw subsequently also received a letter signed "	"	PUNCT	Jack	PROPN	 Jack
The series is set in England during the reign of Queen Elizabeth I (1558 – 1603), and sees the principal character, Edmund, Lord Blackadder, as a Tudor courtier attempting to win the favour of the Queen while avoiding execution by decapitation, a fate	fate	NOUN	that	PRON	 that
Union artillery chief Brig. Gen. Henry J. Hunt had only about 80 guns available to conduct counter battery fire; the geographic features of the Union line had limited areas for effective gun emplacement. He also ordered that firing cease to conserve ammunition, but to fool Alexander	Alexander	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
To assess their identity, IFF (Identification Friend or Foe) could, by means of a distinctive blip on radar screens, distinguish German and British aircraft. The radar technology was not flawless. It struggled to gauge heights of incoming formations above 25,000 feet and could	could	AUX	not	PART	 not
They claim that people who have made a deal with the Devil to gain wealth and power have become pawns in a supernatural chess game to move humanity into accepting a utopian world government that rests on the spiritual foundations of a syncretic messianic world religion, which will later	later	ADV	reveal	VERB	 reveal
English is unusual among world languages in how many of its users are not native speakers but speakers of English as a second or foreign language. Many users of English in the expanding circle use it to communicate with other people from the expanding circle, so that interaction	interaction	NOUN	with	ADP	 with
In some species, eggs go through four moulting stages while nymphs go through three. Nymphs first moult into workers, and then some workers go through further moulting and become soldiers or alates; workers become alates only by moulting into alate nymphs. The development of nymphs	nymphs	NOUN	into	ADP	 into
After recording the first batch of originals in 1990, Yankovic focused his attention on parodies. By early 1991, only three parodies had been recorded. Two of them, the cookie inspired New Kids on the Block parody " The White Stuff " and the television centric	centric	NOUN	MC	PROPN	 MC
However, he wrote that as a hypothetical scenario, to describe the strength of a Constitution, not as a likely possibility. Moreno issued several decrees during his first days in government. He ordered punishment for anyone attempting to generate disputes, and for those concealing conspiracies	conspiracies	NOUN	against	ADP	 against
In short, her energy and vitality made her the center of attention in any social gathering. " Henry VIII's biographer J. J. Scarisbrick adds that Anne " revelled in " the attention she received from her admirers. During this time, Anne was courted by Henry	Henry	PROPN	Percy	PROPN	 Percy
In February 1945, Prince Fumimaro Konoe gave Emperor Hirohito a memorandum analyzing the situation, and told him that if the war continued, the imperial family might be in greater danger from an internal revolution than from defeat. According to the diary of Grand Chamberlain Hisanori Fujita	Fujita	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
Plans and the Structure of Behavior. Adams Bannister Cox Pubs. ISBN 0937431001. — (1987). Spontaneous Apprentices: Children and Language (Tree of Life). Seabury Press. ISBN 978 0816493302. — (1987). Language and Speech. W H	H	PROPN	Freeman	PROPN	 Freeman
It also gave prominent attention to his officiating of the Fitzsimmons Sharkey fight. Like his brothers, Wyatt Earp was a physically imposing figure for his day: 6 feet (1.8 m) tall, when most men were about 5 feet 6 inches (1.68 m)	)	PUNCT	.	PUNCT	.
Attempts to generalize ordinary quantum field theories, used in elementary particle physics to describe fundamental interactions, so as to include gravity have led to serious problems. Some have argued that at low energies, this approach proves successful, in that it results in an acceptable effective	effective	ADJ	(	PUNCT	 (
The meat packing industry is a major employer in Amarillo; about one quarter of the United States ' beef supply is processed in the area. The city is also the location of headquarters for the Texas Cattle Feeders Association. Petroleum extraction is also a major industry.	.	PUNCT	The	DET	 The
The production was compared by Spin's Brandon Soderberg to the work of The Dream. It revolves around about partying with alcohol and drugs with the central hook " I love this shit ", and references the vodka Ciroc, yet there is an element of sorrow to	to	ADP	Alsina	PROPN	 Alsina
During 1940, he published four more papers with Born on The Mass Centre in Relativity, Reciprocity, Part II: Scalar Wave Functions, Reciprocity, Part III: Reciprocal Wave Functions and Reciprocity, Part IV: Spinor Wave Functions, and one by himself, On	On	ADP	the	DET	 the
Baronet Press, a small New York publishing house, agreed to publish A Contract with God, which bears the credit " Produced by Poorhouse Press " of " White Plains, N.Y. " on its indicia page. Eisner had originally intended to call the book Tenement Stories	Stories	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
The parody received radio play on country music stations in the United States. The proceeds from the track were donated to United Cerebral Palsy, as both Cyrus and Yankovic felt that the song was " a little bit [...] mean spirited ". " Livin '	'	PUNCT	in	ADP	 in
Their debut album, When Fish Ride Bicycles, was released July 12, 2011. Their song " A Little Bit Cooler " was used in a " Most Valuable Puppets " commercial from Nike with LeBron James and Kobe Bryant entitled " Mrs. Lewis ". A new	new	ADJ	mixtape	NOUN	 mixtape
Now in the present day, there are more employed Chinese women. They receive the same amount of money for the same amount of work that they do. The Chinese government has made great efforts to achieve a high level of economic status for women. Since 1949	1949	NUM	,	PUNCT	,
At the year end charts of ARIA, " Ray of Light " was the 57th best selling Australian single of 1998. In New Zealand, " Ray of Light " also debuted at its peak position of number nine on the RIANZ Singles Chart, and reached a	a	DET	peak	NOUN	 peak
He became a public figure with a national reputation and, known as an arbiter of taste, he helped establish the National Institute of Literature, Art, and Science in 1869. In his later years, he began suffering frequent illnesses, including a bout with influenza	influenza	NOUN	in	ADP	 in
A few days later, Dalila passed offshore the coastline of southwestern Mexico, killing 11 and causing minimal damage. Hurricane Flossie followed a similar track to Cosme in mid August, producing gusty winds and light precipitation in Hawaii. Hurricane Henriette in early September produced torrential rainfall	rainfall	NOUN	in	ADP	 in
However, he jokingly showed willingness to change his mind if he was offered $20 million. Duncan suggested that the character is portrayed to have been training a lot in jail in order to become faster in combat against Daredevil, also working as a way to fit	fit	VERB	his	PRON	 his
Plans have been unveiled to lengthen the Mavis Road overpass and add ramps to the 401 / 403 / 410 interchange to prepare for the ' ultimate widening ' of Highway 401 between the Credit River and Highway 410. Within Toronto, some projects have been completed during overnight	overnight	ADJ	construction	NOUN	 construction
This was just north of the modern U.S. Route 411 bridge. Mooney believed Mialoquo might have been the village of Nilaque, which the naturalist John Bartram recorded visiting. The term " Mialoquo " means " Great Island. " 35.61534° N 84.24048° W ﻿ /	/	SYM	35.61534	NUM	 35.61534
The ship was armed with ten 10.5 cm SK L / 40 guns in single mounts. Two were placed side by side forward on the forecastle, six were located amidships, three on either side, and two were placed side by side aft. The guns could	could	AUX	engage	VERB	 engage
To the west of the Bucoleon Palace lies the Church of SS. Sergius and Bacchus, and the first of the harbours of the city's southern shore, that of the Sophiae, named after the wife of Emperor Justin II (r. 565 – 578) and	and	CCONJ	known	VERB	 known
Throughout July and into August, Admiral Halsey's airmen visited destruction upon the Japanese, the last instance being against Tokyo on 13 August. Two days later, the Japanese surrendered, ending World War II. Wisconsin, as part of the occupying force, arrived at	at	ADP	Tokyo	PROPN	 Tokyo
He achieves this by calculating the value of a geometric series that sums to infinity with the ratio 1 / 4. (O) stomachion This is a dissection puzzle similar to a Tangram, and the treatise describing it was found in more complete form in the Archimedes	Archimedes	PROPN	Palimpsest	PROPN	 Palimpsest
A review of American and Pacific golden plover records was begun in 1991, with the purpose of evaluating whether any individuals previously accepted as " either American or Pacific " could now be definitely assigned to one species or the other (and vice versa). The results	results	NOUN	(	PUNCT	 (
Planning for both was underway by 1958, and construction began in 1960. The bridge was built at the same time as the freeway, though it opened several months earlier on November 1, 1962. Highway 405 was completed in August 1963 and officially opened to the	the	DET	public	NOUN	 public
The farmhouse has six fireplaces, with those on the first floor are made of cut granite blocks also with granite hearthstones and the second floor are made of brick with granite lintels with brick hearths. The house has had modernization throughout the years, including modernizing the kitchen	kitchen	NOUN	and	CCONJ	 and
The writer discussed the problem with editor Tom Congdon at a restaurant in New York: We can not agree on a word that we like, let alone a title that we like. In fact, the only word that even means anything, that even says anything	anything	PRON	,	PUNCT	,
Continuing the search, they follow Merle's trail of blood through the building; the group encounter two walkers that Merle had previously dispatched single handedly and a gas stove where he had cauterized the stump of his hand. Back at camp, Jim (Andrew Rothenberg)	)	PUNCT	begins	VERB	 begins
The Thing from Another World (1951), a science fiction drama coproduced with Howard Hawks's Winchester Pictures, is seen as a classic of the genre. In 1952, RKO put out two films directed by Fritz Lang, Rancho Notorious and Clash by Night.	.	PUNCT	The	DET	 The
The USCG had proposed rules for watertight bulkheads in Great Lakes vessels as early as the sinking of Daniel J. Morrell in 1966 and did so again after the sinking of Fitzgerald, arguing that this would allow ships to make it to refuge or at least allow crew members	members	NOUN	to	PART	 to
Cortisol is not evenly released during the day – its concentrations in the blood are highest in the early morning and lowest in the evening as a result of the circadian rhythm of ACTH secretion. Cortisone is an inactive product of the action of the enzyme 11β HSD on	on	ADP	cortisol	NOUN	 cortisol
The former detects high frequencies and the latter low frequencies. Because the cochlea is short, frogs use electrical tuning to extend their range of audible frequencies and help discriminate different sounds. This arrangement enables detection of the territorial and breeding calls of their conspecifics. In some	some	DET	species	NOUN	 species
Burgundian troops surrounded the rear guard, and she was pulled off her horse by an archer. She agreed to surrender to a pro Burgundian nobleman named Lionel of Wandomme, a member of Jean de Luxembourg's unit. Joan was imprisoned by the Burgundians at Beaurevoir Castle	Castle	PROPN	.	PUNCT	.
Manchester is well known for being a city of sport. Two Premier League football clubs bear the city name – Manchester United and Manchester City. Manchester United play its home games at Old Trafford, in the neighbouring Greater Manchester borough of Trafford, the largest club football	football	NOUN	ground	NOUN	 ground
In July 1988, Harvey became a member of Automatic Dlamini, a band based in Bristol with whom she gained extensive ensemble playing experience. Formed by John Parish in 1983, the band consisted of a rotating line up that at various times included Rob Ellis and Ian	Ian	PROPN	Oliver	PROPN	 Oliver
" Paragraph 4 provides for a rule of construction that words such as " person " and all pronouns include both sexes. Paragraph 5 provides that the effective date of the Constitution is January 1, 1948, " except as herein otherwise provided. " Article XI,	,	PUNCT	the	DET	 the
The man was carrying a satchel and on his way from New York to Chicago. According to Deluse, the stranger was interested in the labor situation in Chicago, repeatedly pointed to his satchel and said, " You will hear of some trouble there very soon.	.	PUNCT	"	PUNCT	 "
French botanist Jacques Labillardière collected the species in 1793 and described it in 1805. Four forms have been identified, but no subspecies are recognised. Growing in heathland, shrubland or open forest, it is generally a small shrub around 0.5 to 1 m (1 ft	ft	NOUN	8	NUM	 8
The convention center's president (who was there with a small group of convention center employees at this time) addressed the crowd near dark, informing them that there was no food, water, medical care, or other services. By late on the evening of	of	ADP	the	DET	 the
Office and administrative accommodation in support of the Parliament were provided in buildings leased from the City of Edinburgh Council. The new Scottish Parliament Building brought together these different elements into one purpose built parliamentary complex, housing 129 MSPs and more than 1,000 staff and civil servants.	.	PUNCT	From	ADP	 From
Adams ' first opera, it was inspired by U.S. President Richard Nixon's visit to China in 1972. The work premiered at the Houston Grand Opera on October 22, 1987, in a production by Peter Sellars with choreography by Mark Morris. When Sellars approached Adams	Adams	PROPN	with	ADP	 with
Following the accident, passengers reported fires in the forward left and aft portions of the airplane, including many small fires on the water. Passengers stated that they escaped through large holes in the cabin. The lead flight attendant and first officer escaped through a hole in	in	ADP	the	DET	 the
He played 41 games for Timrå IK, recording five shutouts and a 2.14 GAA. He remained a top goaltender for Calgary when NHL play resumed in 2005 – 06, breaking Mike Vernon's franchise record when he recorded his 40th win of the season against the Minnesota	Minnesota	PROPN	Wild	PROPN	 Wild
In the coming winter, wanting to do anything for his daughter, Tomoya takes her on a trip, but she dies shortly after. Tomoya's psychology is developed in his dreams of a bleak world, called the Illusionary World (幻想世界, Gensō Sekai),	,	PUNCT	where	SCONJ	 where
Roberts became President of the Oxford University Conservative Association in 1946. She was influenced at university by political works such as Friedrich Hayek's The Road to Serfdom (1944), which condemned economic intervention by government as a precursor to an authoritarian state. After graduating,	,	PUNCT	Roberts	PROPN	 Roberts
Meanwhile, Dwight Schrute (Rainn Wilson) " investigates " Oscar Martinez's (Oscar Nunez) claimed sick day from work, learning that the co worker is actually taking time off to ice skate. Dwight blackmails Oscar, threatening to reveal his unauthorized leave taking.	.	PUNCT	He	PRON	 He
On the anniversary of Congressman Ryan's death, Jackie Speier and Patricia Ryan, his daughter and friend, visit his grave at the Golden Gate National Cemetery. For the 30th anniversary, US Congresswoman Jackie Speier sponsored a bill to designate the United States Postal Service facility	facility	NOUN	at	ADP	 at
Most virologists believe that HIV originated in sub Saharan Africa during the 20th century, and over 70 million individuals have been infected by the virus. By 2011, an estimated 35 million had died from AIDS, making it one of the most destructive epidemics in recorded history	history	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
Murder, theft, and terrorism, no crime is beyond the Joker, and his exploits are a theatrical performance that are funny to him alone. Spectacle is more important than success for the Joker, and if it is not spectacular it is boring. Although the	the	DET	Joker	PROPN	 Joker
It features Williams ' former Destiny's Child groupmates Beyoncé and Kelly Rowland. The song was written by Williams, Carmen Reece, Al Sherrod Lambert and Harmony Samuels who also produced it. E1 Music released " Say Yes " as the album's third single on June	June	PROPN	2	NUM	 2
Electromagnetics and lightning have little or nothing to do directly with what drives tornadoes (tornadoes are basically a thermodynamic phenomenon), although there are likely connections with the storm and environment affecting both phenomena. Luminosity has been reported in the past and is probably due to misidentification	misidentification	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
Based on the calculations the committee made, the ethnic structure of the 3,570,000 population would have been: 49% Muslims (Turks, Kurds, Tartar Azerbaijanis, and others), 40% Armenians, 5% Lazes, 4% Greeks, and 1% others	others	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
It was also revealed that Jackson originally wanted to finish King Kong before The Lord of the Rings began. But due to location problems, he decided to start with The Lord of the Rings franchise instead. When Universal cancelled King Kong in 1997, Jackson and Walsh	Walsh	PROPN	immediately	ADV	 immediately
Kaufman and Price were present; they all thought she had " great character ". Manz was so convincing that everyone assumed she was a real member of a street gang. Because of this, the character Peewee was specifically written for her. Many of the film	film	NOUN	's	PART	's
The souls balanced in the scales are naked. The blessed look towards Christ, the banished look downwards. Both groups are tilted in the direction of Christ's hands. Reinforcing this, inscriptions around the groupings read VIRTUTES (Virtues) and PECCATA (sins).	.	PUNCT	The	DET	 The
The effect of mercury took some time – the latent period between ingestion and the first symptoms (typically paresthesia – numbness in the extremities) was between 16 and 38 days. Paresthesia was the predominant symptom in less serious cases. Worse cases included ataxia (typically loss	loss	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
Another observation by Vernallis was about the power struggle it showed in the video, with Madonna gradually losing and relegated to one corner of the room. The " Take a Bow " video was a source of inspiration for Justin Timberlake's music video for his 2006 single	single	ADJ	,	PUNCT	,
Copper forms a rich variety of compounds, usually with oxidation states + 1 and + 2, which are often called cuprous and cupric, respectively. As with other elements, the simplest compounds of copper are binary compounds, i.e. those containing only two elements, the	the	DET	principal	ADJ	 principal
Non specific symptoms, caused by similar injuries such as sprains and strains, can delay a definitive diagnosis. Physical examination typically reveals fluid in the joint, tenderness, and crepitus. The tenderness may initially spread, but often reverts to a well defined focal point as	as	SCONJ	the	DET	 the
Tech also received the Hesburgh Award for support of undergraduate teaching and learning, and the Institute's U.S. News & World Report rankings steadily improved. Clough's tenure was especially focused on a dramatic expansion of the Institute; more than $1 billion was spent on projects	projects	NOUN	to	PART	 to
He was the founder, songwriter, vocalist, and guitarist in extreme metal band Strapping Young Lad from 1994 to 2007 and has an extensive career as a solo artist. After performing in a number of heavy metal bands in high school, Townsend was discovered by a	a	DET	record	NOUN	 record
The comprehensive rehabilitation process for patients with multiple sclerosis is generally managed by physiatrists. Allied treatments such as physiotherapy, speech and language therapy or occupational therapy can also help to manage some symptoms and maintain quality of life. Treatment of neuropsychiatric symptoms such as emotional distress and	and	CCONJ	clinical	ADJ	 clinical
In 1976, a smuggled research manuscript that he had published in the Netherlands drew him international attention in the growing field of material dynamics. After years of government refusal, Israeli Prime Minister Menachem Begin personally intervened to get the Librescu family an emigration permit by directly asking	asking	VERB	Romanian	ADJ	 Romanian
The guns fired 33 lb (15 kg) armor piercing projectiles at 2,900 ft / s (880 m / s). At an elevation of 20°, the guns had a range of 15,920 yd (14,560 m). Winslow was also equipped with eight	eight	NUM	21	NUM	 21
In old times, the population attributed legends, magical virtues or therapeutic effects to several springs. In Navais, there is the very ancient Moura Encontada Fountain, associated with Moura — a feminine water deity and guardian of enchanted treasures. Junqueira is Póvoa de Varzim's	's	PART	busiest	ADJ	 busiest
Winston Churchill and his British delegation were given temporary residence within the Vorontsov Palace. Within two weeks, construction workers had restored 22 rooms in the main palace, 23 rooms in the Shuvalov wing, and even replanted the palace gardens. The palace's English inspired architectural	architectural	ADJ	style	NOUN	 style
The Taurus Littrow site was selected with the prediction that the crew would be able to obtain samples of old highland material from the remnants of a landslide event that occurred on the south wall of the valley and the possibility of relatively young, explosive volcanic activity in the	the	DET	area	NOUN	 area
The British judoka Sarah Mayer wrote " People don ’ t seem to think he will live much longer " to her friends in London. Nevertheless, Kanō continued attending important Kodokan events such as kagami biraki (New Years ' ceremonies) whenever he could, and he	he	PRON	continued	VERB	 continued
In a biography of Gray, it is suggested that the instrumental character of the soundtrack is emulated by later Anderson TV series, such as Thunderbirds. To secure a family friendly U certificate from the British Board of Film Classification, Elliott dubbed over expletives such as "	"	PUNCT	bloody	ADJ	 bloody
The work was first published in London in 1644. At the time of its publication there was much discussion about the nature of church governance, and the Westminster Assembly of Divines had recently begun to meet. The evidence it presented was seen by supporters of Congregationalism as	as	ADP	evidence	NOUN	 evidence
M is another character who is more fully realised than in the previous novels, and for the first time in the series he is shown outside a work setting at the Blades club. It is never explained how he received or could afford his membership of the club	club	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
The following month, the band signed a deal with Doom Patrol to release The North Stands for Nothing in Japan on 22 December 2010. In February 2011, the album was given away in its entirety as a free CD in an issue of Metal Hammer magazine.	.	PUNCT	When	SCONJ	 When
Seen from the north, where the main road carrying the general public made its way past, the castle had what Oliver Creighton terms a " martial facade " of traditional military defences, with narrow windows and towering defences. Seen from the deer park on the south	south	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
A cingulum (shelf) is present on the buccal margin of the tooth, but this cingulum is rather weak in the Pakistani fossil. On the M2, smaller cusps, the paraconule and metaconule, are present on the lingual sides of the paracone and metacone,	,	PUNCT	but	CCONJ	 but
He also said the kickabout games the children played helped to improve his dribbling, and prepared the children for future life by giving them " a focus, a purpose, discipline, and in many respects an escape ". At home he also spent " countless hours	hours	NOUN	"	PUNCT	 "
Bruce's comments were denounced by legislators on both sides of the aisle, as well the Mexican consulate in Denver. Bruce proudly defended his remarks as being factually accurate, citing dictionary definitions of " illiterate " and " peasant. " Legislators responded to Bruce's propensity	propensity	NOUN	for	ADP	 for
Smith concluded his review by describing it as " a movie about an irrelevant skirmish that ended in near total catastrophe, during a war we are not winning. " Film critic Steven Boone, writing for Roger Ebert's website, compared the film's violence to that	that	PRON	of	ADP	 of
The Way crosses a saddle between Two Rock mountain and Kilmashogue before descending from a broad ridge between Two Rock and Tibradden Mountain into the valley of Glencullen where it follows the R116 road to the hamlet of Boranaraltry. The road is flanked by hedgerow bordered farmland. Ascending	Ascending	VERB	from	ADP	 from
" Contestants started with the " B " row (the only row without wrecking balls) and selected a number in that row. After each selection, the contestants could leave the game with the money already won or risk their winnings and continue with a selection in	in	ADP	the	DET	 the
After observing the unpredictability of the Joker, Maroni informs the Joker's location to commissioner Gordon. The Joker sets fire to the mob's money, burning Lau alive in the process and kills the Chechen. He then threatens to destroy a hospital unless someone kills Reese	Reese	PROPN	.	PUNCT	.
With Rocket approaching, there was not time to fetch the movable steps. With Rocket 80 feet (24 m) away, only Holmes, Huskisson and Esterházy remained on the tracks. Edward Littleton MP, a passenger in the Duke's carriage, reached out to	to	ADP	Esterházy	NOUN	 Esterházy
For budget reasons, the ships were built on docks, with only six days spent in the open sea for the battle between the Black Pearl and the Interceptor. The Dauntless and the Black Pearl were built on barges, with computer generated imagery finishing the structures.	.	PUNCT	The	DET	 The
Fletcher replaced Karl Duguid as the team captain, and Romain Larrieu was named club captain. Sir Roy Gardner was confirmed as the club's new chairman in July, replacing Paul Stapleton who remained on the new board as vice chairman. The club added to their squad	squad	NOUN	that	DET	 that
In 1795, the Prince acquiesced; and they were married on 8 April 1795 at the Chapel Royal, St James's Palace. The marriage, however, was disastrous; each party was unsuited to the other. The two were formally separated after the birth of	of	ADP	their	PRON	 their
The next station is Jomfrubråten, which is located 2.0 kilometers (1.2 mi) from Oslo Hospital and at 115.0 meters (377.3 ft) AMSL. This is where the Simensbråten Line previously branched off. Past Jomfrubråten, the Simenbråten Line, while it existed, ran	ran	VERB	under	ADP	 under
During 1957 Gielgud directed Berlioz's The Trojans at Covent Garden and played Prospero at Drury Lane, but the production central to his career over the late 1950s and into the 1960s was his one man show The Ages of Man. He first appeared in this in 1956	1956	NUM	and	CCONJ	 and
Lennon continued to call Baird until 1976, when the calls stopped. Jackie worked as a shop assistant during the 1970s, but battled against a heroin addiction. In the 1980s, and fully recovered, Jackie gave birth to her son, John, later working as	as	ADP	a	DET	 a
It was announced that the band would precede the June 13 date with an appearance at the Sweden Rock Festival on June 10 in Sölvesborg. During the Donington show, Perry celebrated Tyler's position as frontman, dubbing him " the best lead singer on the planet "	"	PUNCT	.	PUNCT	.
The Shrewsbury building was not completed until 1765, so in the meantime Sabrina and another foundling were cared for by a nurse, Ann Casewell, at Casewell's home. Thomas Day was a bachelor who had inherited his fortune from his father when he was an infant	infant	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
The classical inscriptions can be arranged in two groups according to the height of the lines (10 – 12 mm vs. 15 mm); this corresponds to the natural disposition of the veins on the banana stem (on average 10 mm in the lower part of a	a	DET	medium	ADJ	 medium
He worriedly compares it to the real thing. Aside from the damage, they appear identical. Writer Chris Chibnall was contracted by executive producers Steven Moffat and Piers Wenger to write a two part Doctor Who episode about Silurians and a drill. Chibnall had previously written the	the	DET	Doctor	NOUN	 Doctor
On the year's Valentine's Day, she appeared as the guest artist at Lara Fabian's concert special on MTV Lebanon, where they sang the duet " Tu es mon autre ". Anggun with Schiller also toured 10 cities in Germany in late 2012. In	In	ADP	2013	NUM	 2013
The American forces were ultimately unsuccessful in this battle and Morris was taken as a prisoner of war on October 4, 1776. The early part of Morris's confinement were the most trying. He was taken to the " New Jail " in Philadelphia where he "	"	PUNCT	was	AUX	 was
Commissioner Curtis later praised the State Guards ' performance in his Annual Report: " The whole community is now aware of the effectiveness with which the Massachusetts State Guard worked when it came into the city. I can not add anything to the universal chorus of commendation that	that	PRON	has	AUX	 has
After two years there, Charlton returned to Lambton and became an official in the Colliery Employees ' Federation, becoming treasurer in 1901. While occupying that position, Charlton also prepared arbitration cases. Battling for an improvement in mine workers ' conditions, he attended a trade	trade	NOUN	union	NOUN	 union
He also had his own signature shoe line with Nike. His outspoken and aggressive play, however, also caused a few scandals; notoriously a fight with Detroit Pistons center Bill Laimbeer in 1990, an event which drew a record total $162,500 fine, and the	the	DET	infamous	ADJ	 infamous
Noel Murray from The A.V. Club graded the episode with an A-, explaining it was " full of just about everything I look for from the show, " as it had a sequence focused on weird science, a great performance by Noble, and a " heartbreaking	heartbreaking	ADJ	"	PUNCT	 "
After a swift progression to Senior Casualty Officer, he began to work as a general practitioner in Alford, Aberdeenshire in 1945. In addition to the normal work of a rural doctor, he was called upon to act as a medical officer for a large number of	of	ADP	German	ADJ	 German
After being assessed the paupers were separated and allocated to the appropriate ward for their category: boys under 14, able bodied men between 14 and 60, men over 60, girls under 14, able bodied women between 14 and 60, and women over 60.	.	PUNCT	Children	NOUN	 Children
An online flyer from around this time encapsulated the Forward>> sound as " b lines to make your chest cavity shudder. " Forward>> also ran a radio show on east London pirate station Rinse FM, hosted by Kode9. The original Forward>>	>	X	line	NOUN	 line
The vastus muscle flexes the hind leg and runs from stifle to hip, while the gluteal muscles, the large muscles in the hip, extend the femur. Forward motion and flexion of the hind legs is achieved through the movement of the quadriceps group of muscles on	on	ADP	the	DET	 the
In many cases, the only evidence that a hurricane existed was reports from ships in its path, and judging by the direction of winds experienced by ships, and their location in relation to the storm, it is possible to roughly pinpoint the storm's center of	of	ADP	circulation	NOUN	 circulation
Rosebery's possible homosexuality has been much discussed in recent times. Nothing conclusive has ever been found one way or the other, but it is possible that he had homosexual experiences while in the care of a paedophile housemaster at Eton in his youth. No evidence exists	exists	VERB	that	SCONJ	 that
In August, the last of the 2,892 stages commenced operation. K 25 and K 27 achieved their full potential in the early postwar period, when they eclipsed the other production plants and became the prototypes for a new generation of plants. The thermal diffusion process was	was	AUX	based	VERB	 based
In areas of high rainfall, a perennial watercourse often took the place of the reservoir. Inland fishing was widespread during the Anuradhapura Kingdom period because of the numerous reservoirs. Although not entirely absent, sea fishing was not common during this period mainly because of the rudimentary	rudimentary	ADJ	nature	NOUN	 nature
But with the help of Kisuke Urahara, Hitsugaya retrieves his bankai from Cang Du and defeat him. However, the battle took its toll on Hitsugaya as he ends up a zombie under the Sternritter Giselle Gewelle. Hitsugaya appears along with a zomified Rangiku as they,	,	PUNCT	Kensei	PROPN	 Kensei
The songs range from mechanized dance rhythms to soft balladry, giving it appeal across multiple radio formats. It became the singer's second consecutive album to reach number one on the Billboard 200 albums chart in the United States. It also topped the ARIA Charts in Australia	Australia	PROPN	and	CCONJ	 and
Critics of Pericles ' strategy, however, have been just as numerous as its supporters. A common criticism is that Pericles was always a better politician and orator than strategist. Donald Kagan called the Periclean strategy " a form of wishful thinking that failed ", Barry	Barry	PROPN	S.	PROPN	 S.
The deployment of an Australian destroyer to Vietnam became permanent, with the ships operating on a six month rotation. To McNicoll's satisfaction, the RAN contribution to the theatre was further bolstered in 1967 with the formation of the RAN Helicopter Flight Vietnam and the dispatch of	of	ADP	naval	ADJ	 naval
In 1953 James Watson and Francis Crick, building on the work of Maurice Wilkins and Rosalind Franklin, suggested that the structure of DNA was a double helix. In their famous paper " Molecular structure of Nucleic Acids ", Watson and Crick noted coyly, " It	It	PRON	has	AUX	 has
In an overview of the PC Engine, VideoGames & Computer Entertainment referred to the game as " characteristic of the PC Engine's advanced sound, graphics and game play ". A later preview from the same magazine said that it was one of the console's better	better	ADJ	games	NOUN	 games
The 4th Infantry Brigade with Puttick, promoted to temporary brigadier, as its commander was to be the first brigade of the newly formed 2nd New Zealand Division, under the overall command of Major General Bernard Freyberg. The brigade duly departed for the Middle East in January	January	PROPN	1940	NUM	 1940
In many cases of selenium poisoning, selenous acid is formed in the body. Hydrogen selenide (H2Se) is highly toxic. Exposure to tellurium can produce unpleasant side effects. As little as 10 micrograms of tellurium per cubic meter of air can cause notoriously unpleasant breath	breath	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
He wanted them to appear relatable to the audience as they were humans who deserved rights. Moffat suggested that the avatars work in a factory; attempting to make it different from other factories featured in Doctor Who, Graham proposed to set the story in a monastery,	,	PUNCT	an	DET	 an
The four singles competitors, Omar Assar, El sayed Lashin, Nadeen El Dawlatly, and Dina Meshref, all qualified based on their achievements at the 2011 All Africa Games. At this tournament, Assar won the singles event, was part of the victorious Egyptian team	team	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
" Numerous video games based on the series have been produced. Some of the early games include Legend of the Lost Spatula (2001) and SpongeBob SquarePants: Battle for Bikini Bottom (2003). The 2003 video game was added to the Greatest Hits by Sony	Sony	PROPN	.	PUNCT	.
Crewkerne railway station is served by South West Trains on the main south western railway line. Trains operate to London Waterloo (two and a half hours away) via Salisbury (70 minutes), and in the opposite direction to Exeter St Davids (under an hour	hour	NOUN	)	PUNCT	)
A total of fifty significant archaeological sites have been identified in the park. Juan Ponce de León explored the area in 1513, discovering the Florida Keys and encountering the Tequesta on the mainland. Other Spanish explorers arrived later in the 16th century and Florida came under Spanish	Spanish	ADJ	rule	NOUN	 rule
This circular architectural style is seemingly mirrored in the many circular shaft tomb tableau scenes. Known primarily from this architecture, the Teuchitlán tradition rises at roughly the same time as the shaft tomb tradition, 300 BCE, but lasts until 900 CE, many centuries after the	the	DET	end	NOUN	 end
Bradman then hooked two boundaries, but suffered a fibrositis attack, which put him in significant pain. Drinks were taken during a delay for treatment, and Morris had to shield Bradman from the strike until the skipper ’ s pain had subsided. Australia reached 250 shortly	shortly	ADV	before	ADP	 before
" Gliding on tiptoes is fundamental to this dance. While watching a jookin ' battle in Jackson, Tennessee, dance critic Alastair Macaulay observed that " the most evidently sensational feature of jookin is the extensive use of what a ballet observer is bound to call pointwork:	:	PUNCT	the	DET	 the
Turner also helped Maryland secure an appearance in the Emerald Bowl. At the start of the 2008 season, he was relegated to backup status, but soon regained the starting position. That year, he led Maryland in wins over four of their five ranked opponents and	and	CCONJ	to	ADP	 to
A second, 5,979 foot long (1,822 m) Tacoma Narrows Bridge was constructed between 1948 and 1951, officially opening to traffic on October 14, 1950. The bridge was designed to let wind pass through the structure with perforated girders and open grating in the deck	deck	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
On the issue dated December 20, 2008, " Miles Away " debuted and peaked at number 99 on the Pop 100 chart but dropped off it the following week. The song debuted at number 90 on the Canadian Hot 100. The next week it dropped out	out	ADP	of	ADP	 of
Walpole's debt to Henry James is discernible in The Duchess of Wrexe (1914) and The Green Mirror (1917), but in the view of J B Priestley the two most potent influences on Walpole were the highly contrasting ones of Trollope and Dostoyevsky. Other	Other	ADJ	critics	NOUN	 critics
He is known for starring in the animated television sitcom The Simpsons (1989 – present), voicing Moe Szyslak, Apu Nahasapeemapetilon, Chief Wiggum, Comic Book Guy, Carl Carlson and numerous others. After attending Tufts University, Azaria joined the series with little voice	voice	NOUN	acting	NOUN	 acting
Moreover, this source of energy when properly handled is almost nonpolluting. Whereas fossil fuel burners emit oxides of carbon, nitrogen, and sulfur... there is no intrinsic reason why nuclear systems must emit any pollutant except heat and traces of radioactivity. But the price that	that	PRON	we	PRON	 we
He died in 1995 in Beijing, aged 88. Ye Qianyu was married three times. At age 23, he married Luo Caiyun (罗彩云), who was from a prominent family in his hometown Tonglu. It was a loveless marriage arranged by their parents.	.	PUNCT	She	PRON	 She
The Henry Art Gallery opened in 1927, the first public art museum in Washington. The Seattle Art Museum (SAM) opened in 1933; SAM opened a museum downtown in 1991 (expanded and reopened 2007); since 1991, the 1933 building has been SAM	SAM	PROPN	's	PART	's
Distraught and enraged, Delsin climbs back up onto the platform and battles Augustine, destroying the entire island. Augustine flees back to the D.U.P. headquarters. Delsin tracks Hank down to the docks, where he is fleeing from D.U.P. forces. Hank begs for forgiveness, saying	saying	VERB	that	SCONJ	 that
As of 2007, 58% of Americans age 18 and over were married, 6% were widowed, 10% were divorced, and 25% had never been married. Women now work mostly outside the home and receive a majority of bachelor's degrees. The	The	DET	U.S.	PROPN	 U.S.
Rick Mitchell of the Houston Chronicle stated his opinion that The Hard Way " clever wordplay is no substitute for heartfelt emotion ". Shortly after his music career took off, began receiving offers for acting roles. He turned down every request until 1994, when he was	was	AUX	offered	VERB	 offered
Cleveland is among the top recipients of investment for biotech start ups and research. Case Western Reserve, the Clinic, and University Hospitals have recently announced plans to build a large biotechnology research center and incubator on the site of the former Mt. Sinai Medical Center, creating	creating	VERB	a	DET	 a
The Sultan and his troops then sailed to Brăila and burned it to the ground before retreating to Adrianople. Both sides would claim victory: while Pope Pius II proclaimed Vlad Ţepeş ' campaign a victory for Christianity, Mehmed II's forces returned home with many captured slaves	slaves	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
She recorded the theme song " Fa presto, fa piano " (" Works Quickly, Works Quietly ") for the film La sculacciata, issued in 1974. Mina's last live TV appearance was the final episode of the Milleluci series on 16 March 1974.	.	PUNCT	Mina	PROPN	 Mina
MacFarlane co created — alongside Mike Henry and Richard Appel — the Family Guy spin off The Cleveland Show, which premiered September 27, 2009. They began discussing the project in 2007. Appel and Henry served as the show's executive producers and showrunners, handling the	the	DET	day	NOUN	 day
Ground based observations of coma brightness suggested that Halley's rotation period was about 7.4 days. Images taken by the various spacecraft, along with observations of the jets and shell, suggested a period of 52 hours. Given the irregular shape of the nucleus, Halley's	's	PART	rotation	NOUN	 rotation
She was re elected to a full six year term in 2012 with 72% of the vote, the highest margin for any statewide candidate in New York. A member of the Democratic Party's relatively conservative Blue Dog faction while in the House, Gillibrand has been	been	AUX	seen	VERB	 seen
The Bearded Man demands that Fassl kill Fain, beating him up when he doesn't comply. As she tends to Fassl, Fain first sees the Bearded Man in his place. While staking out Fain's house, the agents see the Bearded Man flee. Doggett	Doggett	PROPN	pursues	VERB	 pursues
Others argue that the color may have been adopted because the violet was the flower associated with Athens, the center of learning in ancient Greece. Washington Square and Greenwich Village have been hubs of cultural life in New York City since the early 19th century. Much of	of	ADP	this	DET	 this
When Nintendo declined, they reverse engineered the console and made a demo, Slalom to show the company. Nintendo was astonished at their effort, and made Rare its first Western developer, beginning a long and close collaboration between Rare and Nintendo of America founder and president	president	NOUN	Minoru	PROPN	 Minoru
" Yankee outfielder Bob Cerv recalled of the rivalry, " I always remember the games when Pierce and Ford would lock up. Those were great ballgames – 2 – 1, 3 – 2. Usually, if they'd get beat, Mantle would hit a home	home	NOUN	run	NOUN	 run
The court recessed until 2 pm, when Mrs. Electa Lecte and Elizabeth Leete, the mother and sister of Jonathan Leete respectively, appeared. The women identified the Leetes ' effects, testified to their relationship with Jackalow, and stated that they had never known him to	to	PART	carry	VERB	 carry
Apart from the more conventional ironclads, which the Brazilian navy could order from Britain or France, as noted the Americans had invented the monitor, an armoured, shallow draft, turreted vessel that presented little superstructure to enemy fire; monitors could be and were built in	in	ADP	Brazil	PROPN	 Brazil
Clozapine is an effective treatment for those who respond poorly to other drugs (" treatment resistant " or " refractory " schizophrenia), but it has the potentially serious side effect of agranulocytosis (lowered white blood cell count) in less than 4% of people.	.	PUNCT	Most	ADJ	 Most
After a third business journey to Africa in 1890, now to Liberia and the Gold Coast, for Hendrik Muller & Co., he returned home seriously ill, and had to convalesce for months. In this period he fell out with his father and younger brother Abram	Abram	PROPN	Muller	PROPN	 Muller
The segment between Kingston and Marion was completed in 1915. The state road was completed when the final section was completed between Hopewell and Marion by 1920. MD 413 received its number in the original assignment of state route numbers in 1927. Within the city of Crisfield	Crisfield	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
Remarking on the contrast between the dying figures in the foreground and the figures in the mid ground waving towards the approaching rescue ship, the French art historian Georges Antoine Borias wrote that Géricault's painting represents, " on the one hand, desolation and death. On	On	ADP	the	DET	 the
The Council voted in favour of a cycle route motion in October 2007, and Network Rail informed ACR (2006) Ltd that the lease was on hold due to the council's reversal of policy. The motion's proposer stated that " high level negotiations " were	were	AUX	taking	VERB	 taking
" The opening prelude introduces two important leitmotifs, generally referred to as the Communion theme and the theme of the Grail. These two, and Parsifal's own motif, are repeated during the course of the opera. Other characters, especially Klingsor, Amfortas, and	and	CCONJ	"	PUNCT	 "
The population has been steadily rising, from 1,547 in 1998 to 3,000 in 2006. Gorillas are also reported to abundant; there are an estimated 6,000 adults in Nki. The park is also home to diurnal primates, such as the threatened crested monkey, De Brazza	Brazza	PROPN	monkey	NOUN	 monkey
In third was Williams, another 129 points behind. Per the regulations for the 2015 season, three practice sessions were held, two 90 minute sessions on Friday and another one hour session before qualifying on Saturday. However, all three sessions were disrupted and little running	running	NOUN	took	VERB	 took
It is found dissolved in sea water (which is 0.04% potassium by weight), and is part of many minerals. Naturally occurring potassium is composed of three isotopes, of which 40 K is radioactive. Traces of 40 K are found in all potassium,	,	PUNCT	and	CCONJ	 and
The novel eventually was hailed for its groundbreaking portrayal of a woman's views of sexuality. As of 2008, it has been translated into six languages and won several awards, including the 1998 Jakarta Arts Council Novel Competition and the 2000 Prince Claus Award. A film	film	NOUN	adaptation	NOUN	 adaptation
Uru was released in November 2003, while the multiplayer portion was delayed. Small groups of players were allowed to come online to test the multiplayer part of the game, and journalists were told they would be invited to play soon after, but Uru Live was canceled	canceled	VERB	before	ADP	 before
The same hills are the locale of the sources of the River Wylye and the Dorset Stour which flow south to the English Channel. It descends quickly in a narrow valley to a point just beyond Bruton where it is joined by the River Pitt. Here it takes	takes	VERB	a	DET	 a
Their fast music, the renunciation of technical virtuosity in favour of sheer loudness, and their uncompromising attitude were welcomed equally by punks and heavy metal fans. Motörhead were supported by many NWOBHM bands on tour, and they also shared the stage with Lemmy's friends punk	punk	VERB	band	NOUN	 band
Representatives of the WMC and the FEPC had reached a similar conclusion about the need for the President's intervention the day before. The Roosevelt administration felt that it needed to act quickly to stop the strike. War plants in Philadelphia reported debilitating absentee rates in their workforce	workforce	NOUN	due	ADP	 due
" Erlewine went on to praise Disintegration for being " darkly seductive ", and " a hypnotic, mesmerizing record ". Pitchfork praised the record, admitting " Disintegration stands unquestionably as Robert Smith's magnum opus. " Writer Chris Ott noted that " scant few albums	albums	NOUN	released	VERB	 released
The county's grain industry generated $1 million (the 35th highest of Pennsylvania counties). The county is the fourth most prolific poultry producing county in Pennsylvania. In addition to the aforementioned industries, there are also small scale clothing manufacturing businesses in the county.	.	PUNCT	There	PRON	 There
You trivialize the actions of two murderers and the lives of the innocent. " One victim of the shooting played the game and voiced reserved support, remarking that " It probably sounds a bit odd for someone like me to say, but I appreciate the fact at	at	ADP	least	ADJ	 least
There had been some confusion with the new pyrotechnics setup, which resulted in Hetfield walking into a 12 foot (3.7 m) flame during " Fade to Black ". Newsted said Hetfield's skin was " bubbling like on The Toxic Avenger ". Guitar technician John	John	PROPN	Marshall	PROPN	 Marshall
With far fewer burial contracts with London parishes than had been anticipated, by the time Brookwood Cemetery opened in November 1854 the LNC was on the verge of bankruptcy. Recognising their financial predicament, the LNC lobbied Parliament for a new Act of Parliament to allow the venture	venture	NOUN	to	PART	 to
Most of the collapsing mass collected in the center, forming the Sun, while the rest flattened into a protoplanetary disk out of which the planets, moons, asteroids, and other small Solar System bodies formed. This model, known as the nebular hypothesis, was	was	AUX	first	ADV	 first
(" Cambridge ", while sufficient for a commuter rail station, would have been confusing for a rapid transit station, because the Red Line has multiple stations — six in total — in the City of Cambridge.) The Red Line platforms were built in a	a	DET	deep	ADJ	 deep
Julian's birth, like his mother Cynthia's marriage to Lennon, was kept secret because Epstein was convinced public knowledge of such things would threaten the Beatles ' commercial success. Julian recalls how some four years later, as a small child in Weybridge, " I	I	PRON	was	AUX	 was
She will often hunt by herself while the cubs are still helpless, staying relatively close to the thicket or den where the cubs are kept. The cubs themselves are born blind – their eyes do not open until roughly a week after birth. They weigh 1.2 –	–	PUNCT	2.1	NUM	 2.1
As painters such as Pablo Picasso and Henri Matisse were reinventing art in the Bohemian districts of Montparnasse and Montmartre, Brooks took an apartment in the fashionable 16th arrondissement, mingled in elite social circles, and painted portraits of wealthy and titled women. This included her current	current	ADJ	lover	NOUN	 lover
Additional credit of a predetermined value may also be automatically credited into the card when the card value runs low via an automatic recharge service provided by Interbank GIRO or credit card. An Adult Monthly Travel Card for unlimited travel on MRT, LRT and buses may also be	be	AUX	purchased	VERB	 purchased
She received the reply that although the government was agreeable to having the hill listed there were no funds available for its purchase; the beacon and surrounding mounds were subsequently designated an ancient monument. The beacon itself, and 960 acres (390 ha) of surrounding land	land	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
" Supermarionation historian Stephen La Rivière suggests that the film also faced competition on its release in 1966 from other new family films such as Leslie H. Martinson's Batman and James Hill's Born Free. Reviews were, in general, turning less positive: although the Slough	Slough	PROPN	Observer	PROPN	 Observer
Yuriko was the choreographic " reconstruction assistant ". RichCrest Animation Studios and Morgan Creek Productions released a 1999 animated film adaptation of the musical. Except for using some of the songs and characters, the story is unrelated to the Rodgers and Hammerstein version. Geared towards children	children	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
However, the Tower is still home to the ceremonial regimental headquarters of the Royal Regiment of Fusiliers, and the museum dedicated to it and its predecessor, the Royal Fusiliers. Also, a detachment of the unit providing the Queen's Guard at Buckingham Palace still mounts	mounts	VERB	a	DET	 a
The Times announced this production as the first known use in Britain of the opera's English libretto. The stage designs for this production, which was directed by Basil Coleman, were by John Piper. In the early 1970s, Arthur Hammond orchestrated the sections of the	the	DET	neglected	VERB	 neglected
During this time, they forage for food together, and the train often changes composition, as some males leave and other join the pursuit. In cooler parts of their range, such as Tasmania, females may mate within a few hours of arousal from hibernation.	.	PUNCT	Before	ADP	 Before
Pam and Jim are still adjusting to parenthood as Angela starts dating the Senator. After Michael's replacement (Will Ferrell) is seriously injured, Jo creates a search committee to interview candidates and choose a new manager for the office. The eighth season consists of 24	24	NUM	episodes	NOUN	 episodes
" Diamonds " was well received by most critics, some of whom complimented Rihanna's different musical direction, while others criticized the song's production. The single topped music charts in over twenty countries, including the United States, where it became Rihanna's twelfth number	number	NOUN	one	NUM	 one
Paulhan repeated the journey in April 1950, the fortieth anniversary of the original flight, this time as a passenger aboard a British jet fighter. On 17 November 1906 the Daily Mail newspaper offered a £10,000 prize for the first aviator to fly the 185 miles (	(	PUNCT	298	NUM	298
John Marriott of the Radio Times believed that Annie Hall was the film where Allen " found his own singular voice, a voice that echoes across events with a mixture of exuberance and introspection ", referring to the " comic delight " derived from the " spirited playing	playing	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
While Fidel was married to Mirta, he had an affair with Natalia " Naty " Revuelta Clews, who gave birth to his daughter, Alina Fernández Revuelta. Alina left Cuba in 1993, disguised as a Spanish tourist, and sought asylum in the U.S., from	from	ADP	where	SCONJ	 where
He was educated at Wellington College, Berkshire and then as a cadet at Royal Military College Sandhurst. On 3 July 1939, Waddy was commissioned into the Somerset Light Infantry as a second lieutenant and sent to India two months later with the 1st Battalion. After travelling	travelling	VERB	from	ADP	 from
On the evening of 15 December, the German battle fleet of some twelve dreadnoughts and eight pre dreadnoughts came to within 10 nmi (19 km; 12 mi) of an isolated squadron of six British battleships. However, skirmishes between the rival destroyer screens in the	the	DET	darkness	NOUN	 darkness
At FBI headquarters, Scully meets a man who appears to be Smith, who has come to turn himself in. During an interview with Scully and Skinner, he claims to have no memory of the shooting or of healing anyone. Meanwhile, the Smoking Man interrogates	interrogates	VERB	the	DET	 the
The impact of these delays is that we will now be unable to deliver a stadium opening for the start of the 2005 – 06 season. " The cost of building the stadium, forecasted at £400 million, had risen by a £100 million during that	that	DET	period	NOUN	 period
The album was recorded over a 12 month period from March 2008, with the band announcing in April 2009 that they had commenced mixing with Dave Sardy and that they hoped to release their fourth studio album in the summer of 2009, with potentially, a summer tour	tour	NOUN	to	PART	 to
They aren't that good. The material they've chosen to record, or rather, the way they perform the material, is simple, relaxed and folky. It's not pretentious, it's pretty. The musician ship is excellent. " Gifford added that	that	SCONJ	"	PUNCT	 "
In 1944, when the United States landed on the Philippines to recapture it, orders had been sent out by the Japanese high command to kill the POWs in order to avoid them being rescued by liberating forces. One method of the execution was to round the prisoners	prisoners	NOUN	up	ADP	 up
Speer's name was included on the list of members of a post Hitler government drawn up by the conspirators behind the July 1944 assassination plot to kill Hitler. The list had a question mark and the annotation " to be won over " by his name, which	which	PRON	likely	ADV	 likely
While moored in the town of Salale, the ship was heavily camouflaged and defensive arrangements were erected. These included positioning soldiers and field guns to defend the approaches to the cruiser and establishing a network of coast watchers and telegraph lines to watch for hostile ships. An	An	DET	improvised	ADJ	 improvised
However, Jim Shelley of the Daily Mirror was highly critical of Chrissie, calling her " the ludicrous Lady MacBeth wannabe ", and felt her departure was ennabling EastEnders to move forward. In contrast, the TV editor of the Telegraph hailed Chrissie as " helping revive	revive	VERB	the	DET	 the
They depicted animals and people, in both abstract and realistic forms, in single works and more elaborate panels. A common subject was the hunchbacked flute player that the Hopi call Kokopelli. By 500, CE atlatls were being supplanted by the bow and arrow and baskets	baskets	NOUN	by	ADP	 by
Andoria Kaya Tranka Fam Forturio (アンドリア ・ カヤ ・ トランカ ・ ファム ・ フォーチュリオ), often simply called " Queen Andoria ", is the ruler of Concordia. In an effort to stop the war, she evokes the Fabula Pact, forcing a ceasefire. During	During	ADP	the	DET	 the
Author Carol Clerk wrote that " during her career, Madonna has transcended the term ' pop star ' to become a global cultural icon. " Rolling Stone of Spain wrote that " She became the first viral Master of Pop in history, years before the Internet was	was	AUX	massively	ADV	 massively
The latter flood was caused by the same storm system that caused the Johnstown Flood, which killed over 2,200 people. In 1885, the Williamsport and North Branch Railroad line along Muncy Creek reached Sonestown, passing just east of the bridge. The railroad carried lumber,	,	PUNCT	coal	NOUN	 coal
Mishawaka, Indiana, is adjacent to South Bend's east side. South Bend has a humid continental climate, with a Köppen climate classification of Dfa. Lake Michigan exerts a great influence on the climate of South Bend, including lake effect snow in winter and a	a	DET	tendency	NOUN	 tendency
" Emanuel sent a dead fish in a box to a pollster who was late delivering polling results. On the night after the 1992 election, angry at Democrats and Republicans who " betrayed " them in the 1992 election, Emanuel stood up at a celebratory dinner with	with	ADP	colleagues	NOUN	 colleagues
The voice also asked him to build a temple, on the name of his daughter Champavati, if he wanted to avoid further familial calamities. The king ordered the construction of the Champavati Temple. Now, the temple is under the Archaeological Survey of India, for	for	ADP	its	PRON	 its
It was also ranked # 6 by Kerrang!, # 21 by The Guardian, # 58 by PopMatters and # 34 by The Village Voice. Paramore Hayley Williams – lead vocals, keyboards, piano Jeremy Davis – bass guitar, keyboards, backing vocals Taylor York	York	PROPN	–	PUNCT	 –
Suffering significant casualties, the Chinese offensive was finally halted the next day due to logistic difficulties. The Royal Australian Regiment and Argyll and Sutherland Highlanders were later granted the battle honour " Pakchon ". The Chinese and North Koreans were temporarily forced to withdraw north, while	while	SCONJ	Walker	PROPN	 Walker
One has been awarded to a woman: Mary Edwards Walker. The first Medals of Honor (Army) were awarded by and presented to six " Andrews Raiders " on March 25, 1863, by Secretary of War Edwin Stanton, in his office in the War	War	PROPN	Department	PROPN	 Department
To offset fan expectation that Spock would die, Meyer had the character " killed " in the Kobayashi Maru simulator in the opening scene. The effects company required a completed script in just 12 days. Meyer wrote the screenplay uncredited and for no pay before the deadline	deadline	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
However, Chen believes that there is no reason for the company to commercially produce such games, as they would not be creating new ideas that justified the cost of remaining an independent studio, as opposed to working for existing game developers. Similarly, Chen does not	not	PART	intend	VERB	 intend
When she asks why he is always so positive, he explains he was expected to die as a baby due to a blood disorder, so he now feels fortunate to be alive every day. Leslie crashes the date to help Ann persuade Chris to increase the parks	parks	NOUN	budget	NOUN	 budget
On the October 1 episode of Impact!, The Beautiful People apologized to the TNA fans and Knockouts for their behavior, blaming their past actions on Love. They invited the Knockouts Tag Team Champions, Taylor Wilde and Sarita, down to the ring to prove their	their	PRON	apology	NOUN	 apology
This makes Batman's journey through Arkham's finest nutters appear too easy – more of a stroll through a fairground haunted house with a few old chums than a serious battle for his life. Coupled with an anti climatic ending, there's little feeling of impending disaster	disaster	NOUN	–	PUNCT	 –
Wasteland Angel received average reviews upon release, garnering a rating of 55% on the review aggregation website GameRankings. Gamers Daily News ' Jeff Lindsey appreciated the perspective change accompanying the bonus level, stating, " To be perfectly honest, I squealed with delight when I	I	PRON	got	VERB	 got
As a Lord Mayor in wartime, Chamberlain had a huge burden of work and he insisted that his councillors and officials work equally hard. He halved the Lord Mayor's expense allowance and cut back on the number of civic functions expected of the incumbent. In 1915	1915	NUM	Chamberlain	PROPN	 Chamberlain
After Tosca has left, Angelotti reappears and discusses with the painter his plan to flee disguised as a woman, using clothes left in the chapel by his sister. Cavaradossi gives Angelotti a key to his villa, suggesting that he hide in a disused well in the	the	DET	garden	NOUN	 garden
Hamels was named the 2008 World Series MVP. Subsequently, Jayson Stark wrote, The names on the list are the names who have carved their legends in the month of October... We know their names because October was their kind of month, and they belong on	on	ADP	that	DET	 that
He had long been deeply involved in the affairs of his own Duchy of Gascony. In 1278 he assigned an investigating commission to his trusted associates Otto de Grandson and the chancellor Robert Burnell, which caused the replacement of the seneschal Luke de Tany. In 1286,	,	PUNCT	Edward	PROPN	 Edward
They also had an Internet centered feud with Raw's Cryme Tyme (Shad Gaspard and JTG) based on which WWE.com online show was better: the Dirt Sheet or Cryme Tyme's Word Up. Morrison and The Miz won a match between the two teams at Cyber	Cyber	PROPN	Sunday	PROPN	 Sunday
With the Twins, Nevin stopped worrying about his statistics and enjoyed playing in a pennant race. Nevin appeared in the MLB postseason for the first time in his career with the Twins in 2006. The Twins were swept by the Oakland Athletics in three games; Nevin	Nevin	PROPN	appeared	VERB	 appeared
" Brad Steirn from MuuMuse named it a " filler, including the noisy, childish chant. " Greg Kot of Chicago Tribune commented that " it's the kind of trite glitter disco might've dispensed ", while comparing it to Spice Girls ' songs. Eric	Eric	PROPN	Henderson	PROPN	 Henderson
James Thompson criticised what he described as the anaesthetised " mélange of disconnected picture postcard gift calendar perfect scenes, " in which little connection is made between " individual subjects and the land that supports them. " Andrew Higson argued that while Sense and Sensibility includes commentary on	on	ADP	sex	NOUN	 sex
During the late spring, the most active of the French frigates was Caroline, which intercepted a convoy of East Indiamen in the Action of 31 May 1809. Due to a brief but determined resistance by the larger vessels, one of the East Indiamen was able to	to	PART	escape	VERB	 escape
On the other hand, the lower class also despise the aristocracy for their monopoly on resources. This tension extends to the accessibility of clean water, which varies in price according to purity grades. In the larger story, the advanced Guild society is portrayed as degenerate	degenerate	ADJ	and	CCONJ	 and
Although they had long planned to feature Mr. Hankey in the show, they did not decide to make him a Christmas character until halfway through the filming of " Damien ", during which time they decided to make " Mr. Hankey, the Christmas Poo " the holiday	holiday	NOUN	episode	NOUN	 episode
These, in combination with migraine headaches, led her to miss several shooting days in a row. After being advised by her doctor that she would only be able to work in four- to five day increments with extended rest periods between, MGM executive Arthur Freed made	made	VERB	the	DET	 the
". On 3 August, the court granted her the restraining order. In 2013, Ouellet got engaged to longtime boyfriend and fellow wrestler Mike Mizanin, best known by his ring name The Miz, and were married in the Bahamas on February 20, 2014.	.	PUNCT	The	DET	 The
Within Eastern Prussia, they were re deployed to three forward bases; Heiligenbeil, Schippenbeil and Arys Rostken. I. / JG 1 had negligible involvement and no enemy aircraft were downed. The only casualty was a pilot of 2. / JG 1 injured by friendly flak	flak	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
The Rangers established counter guerrilla patrols around the regiment's main aid station and headquarters. They first saw combat at 02: 00 on 7 January, driving off 20 North Korean guerrillas who had inadvertently run into one of their roadblocks. They then repulsed a company sized	sized	VERB	second	ADJ	 second
Tampa's defense also excelled in the run and passing games; in the former, the Bucs allowed the second fewest average yards per carry with 3.3, while being ranked fifth in yards allowed after the catch. The Bucs also ranked eighth in yards per play.	.	PUNCT	However	ADV	 However
Because the position of Teplickzky's observed radiant and the 1935 radiant were close to the position of Comet Kiess, the comet was confirmed as the source of the Aurigid meteor stream. The Aurigids had a spectacular outburst in 1994, when many grazing meteors — those that	that	PRON	have	VERB	 have
The sides of the turrets were 10 inches (254 mm) thick and their roofs were 2.5 inches (64 mm) thick. Above the casemate, the bases of the turrets were protected by 10 inches of armour; inside the casemate, only five inches of	of	ADP	armour	NOUN	 armour
The Stephen Crane House in Asbury Park, New Jersey, where the author lived with his siblings for nine years, is operated as a museum dedicated to his life and work. Syracuse University has an annual Stephen Crane Lecture Series which is sponsored by the Dikaia Foundation	Foundation	PROPN	.	PUNCT	.
A multitap can not be used to expand the number of controller ports, limiting the game to two guitars, one drum set and one microphone. The fifth main entry to the Guitar Hero series was announced in December 2008, with confirmation of its release by the	the	DET	end	NOUN	 end
The ' April Cross ' is a giant white radish hybrid that bolts very slowly. ' Bunny Tail ' is an heirloom variety from Italy, where it is known as Rosso Tondo A Piccola Punta Bianca. It is slightly oblong, mostly red, with a white	white	ADJ	tip	NOUN	 tip
In 2011, the species was definitively recorded there on the basis of two bats caught in the far southwest of the country in 2009. United Kingdom Myotis alcathoe has been recorded in England since 2003, and is known from two swarming sites in the south and a	a	DET	third	ADJ	 third
The 2009 Lisbon Treaty brought nearly all policy areas (including the budget) under the codecision procedure (renamed " ordinary legislative procedure "), hence increasing the power of the Parliament. The rules for the distribution of seats in the parliament were also changed to a	a	DET	formula	NOUN	 formula
At Subic Bay in the Philippines, the cargo and troops were transferred to the USS Princeton, which arrived and unloaded off the coast of Da Nang the following month. From 1961 onwards, the Card and the USNS Core regularly docked in Saigon to unload heavy artillery	artillery	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
However, he was recalled to the national side after the appointment of Ivan Hašek as head coach. On 12 August 2009, he marked his return to international duty with a goal from the penalty spot in the 3 – 1 home win against Belgium in a friendly	friendly	ADJ	match	NOUN	 match
In 1948 Charteris gave birth to Fleming's daughter, Mary, who was stillborn; Charteris and Fleming became engaged shortly in 1951. Fleming had previously mentioned to friends that he wanted to write a spy novel, but it was not until early 1952, to distract	distract	VERB	himself	PRON	 himself
The Sustainable Development Goals (SDGs) replace the eight Millennium Development Goals (MDGs), which expired at the end of 2015. The MDGs were established in 2000 following the Millennium Summit of the United Nations. Adopted by the 189 United Nations member states at the	the	DET	time	NOUN	 time
Hitler ruled Germany autocratically by asserting the Führerprinzip (leader principle), which called for absolute obedience of all subordinates. He viewed the government structure as a pyramid, with himself — the infallible leader — at the apex. Rank in the party was not determined by	by	ADP	elections	NOUN	 elections
Rubalcaba reiterated the " pre historic, caveman, dry & mysterious wasteland feel " that inspired the title. The song expanded constantly during rehearsals and evolved after its debut on Live at Roadburn. From the Ages was released on October 8, 2013, by Tee Pee	Pee	PROPN	Records	PROPN	 Records
El Hatillo has a land size of 114 square kilometres (44 sq mi) – the third largest municipality in the capital. The municipality's natural southern boundary is the Turgua range, spanning east to west and separating El Hatillo from the Baruta and Paz Castillo municipalities	municipalities	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
Chatterjee and Datta explain that our understanding of Cārvāka philosophy is fragmentary, based largely on criticism of the ideas by other schools, and that it is not a living tradition: " Though materialism in some form or other has always been present in India, and occasional	occasional	ADJ	references	NOUN	 references
It continually expands its repertoire during its life, though it pales in comparison to mimids such as the brown thrasher. There are four recognized calls for the mockingbird: the nest relief call, hew call, chat or chatburst, and the begging call. The hew	hew	NOUN	call	NOUN	 call
" They have entertained as part of the Royal Variety Performance for England's Prince Charles — sharing the bill with Tony Bennett and the cast of Riverdance, among others — and also have been " guest performers " at the White House. The Passing Zone performs regularly	regularly	ADV	for	ADP	 for
While most games tended to consist of normal game mechanics underneath a bizarre concept, Wired said that their inability to deliver on their promise was the jam's " most Molyneuxian touch ". Later that year, Capone created a trailer for one of Molyneux's upcoming games	games	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
This is a classic problem of cartels, and thus NIRA codes failed as small business abandoned the cartels. Studies of the steel, automobile manufacturing, lumber, textile, and rubber industries and the level and source of support for the NIRA tend to support this conclusion	conclusion	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
In the late 1970s WNO combined with the Cardiff based Welsh Drama Company, becoming the Welsh National Opera and Drama Company. The work of the drama company came under continued criticism, the Welsh Arts Council cut its grant, and the partnership ended in 1979 with the	the	DET	formal	ADJ	 formal
North of here, the highway curves to the west, intersects the eastern terminus of K 146, and turns back to the north. K 3 crosses a branch of the Walnut Creek and continues north and cuts through Hepler. The route then enters Bourbon County.	.	PUNCT	North	NOUN	 North
The first floor gives visitors their first view of the interior of the rotunda. Below the cast iron dome, the ceiling displays eight muses painted in 1886. For more than a century, the muses ' artist remained anonymous; it is now known that it was	was	AUX	Tommaso	PROPN	 Tommaso
This project would later become Brain Age: Train Your Brain in Minutes a Day!, released in May 2005. Iwata personally oversaw development of the Brain Age series, even foregoing a public appearance on the day of the Nintendo DS's release in Japan on December	December	PROPN	2	NUM	 2
Thompson guided the paper through tough economic times as the gold near Fairbanks was mined out. During this period, the News Miner absorbed Fairbanks ' other newspapers and became the sole publication in Fairbanks. During the 1920s, the News Miner experimented with aerial delivery to remote	remote	ADJ	mining	NOUN	 mining
Shanks had an interest in playing Jimmy because of the edgeness of the character. Shanks also suggested Aleks Paunovic, actor and part time boxer, for the part as the diacon Duke; being a boxer fit into the character's violent nature. Paul McGillion returns as	as	ADP	Wexford	PROPN	 Wexford
The release was followed by " Shakermaker ". This song would become the subject of a plagiarism suit, with Oasis paying $500,000 in damages. Their third single, " Live Forever ", was their first to enter the top ten of the UK charts.	.	PUNCT	After	ADP	 After
In a September 2011 interview with G4 TV, Hayashi clarified that the story was " definitely the product of Mr. Sakamoto at Nintendo. We definitely worked with them on the project, but that was all him. " Nintendo Treehouse producer Nate Bihldorff stated that the scene	scene	NOUN	depicting	VERB	 depicting
McCrum, writing in 2004, observes, " Wodehouse is more popular today than on the day he died ", and " his comic vision has an absolutely secure place in the English literary imagination. " Voorhees, while acknowledging that Wodehouse's antecedents in literature range	range	NOUN	from	ADP	 from
In the valley areas, temporary lakes were formed and small dams were overtopped. The cities of Chigwell, Enfield, Exeter, Leamington, and New Market were all submerged during the flooding. New Market was inundated with as much as 80 ft (24 m)	)	PUNCT	of	ADP	 of
In the second half of the 1980s, Rajinikanth acted in commercially successful films like Naan Sigappu Manithan (1985), Padikkathavan (1985), Mr. Bharath (1986), Velaikaran (1987), Guru Sishyan (1988) and Dharmathin Thalaivan (1988).	.	PUNCT	In	ADP	 In
On the DVD commentary, Weinstein considers this episode one of the most controversial of the seasons he ran, as it involves sharp observational humor which many fans " didn't get. " Weinstein talks about a " generation gap " — the episode was originally panned by	by	ADP	viewers	NOUN	 viewers
The North Stand is the only part of the stadium built after the Commonwealth Games, during the stadium's conversion. The temporary unroofed north stand it replaced had been dubbed the New Gene Kelly Stand by supporters, a reference to the unroofed corner between the Kippax and	and	CCONJ	the	DET	 the
The minimization of this side effect may allow for one for one substitution with doxorubicin in the same treatment regimen, thereby improving safety with no loss of efficacy. Like Doxil, the liposomal encapsulation of the doxorubicin limits the cardiotoxicity. In theory, by limiting the cardiotoxicity	cardiotoxicity	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
In New York, he crossed the Brooklyn Bridge. In 1910, he and his oxen participated in the Tournament of Roses Parade in Pasadena. In the succeeding years, he traveled the route by oxcart, automobile, and, at age 93 in 1924, airplane	airplane	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
Instead, the playwright said enthusiastically, " What you have done is so beautiful. And you know what I like best? The ending! " Hammerstein wrote that Molnár became a regular attendee at rehearsals after that. Like most of the pair's works, Carousel	Carousel	PROPN	contains	VERB	 contains
Bombers and night fighters were often black, while maritime reconnaissance planes were usually white, to avoid appearing as dark shapes against the sky. For ships, dazzle camouflage was mainly replaced with plain grey in the Second World War, though experimentation with colour schemes continued.	.	PUNCT	As	ADP	 As
To develop fight and sword choreography for the series, the filmmakers employed Hollywood sword master Bob Anderson. Anderson worked directly with the talent including Viggo Mortensen and Karl Urban to develop the film's many sword fights and stunts. Bob Anderson's role in The Lord of	of	ADP	the	DET	 the
However, it remained unstable in pitch, and exhibited a strong nose up trim. NASA engineers attempted to modify this with a T tail, but this proved to sit within the airflow of the turborotor and did not help. Frost's team considered two new designs	designs	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
My feeling is, you get two or three names on that poster, you're fine. Our Hoodwinked poster has like a paragraph of names on it. After a certain point, I don't think you need more than two, three celebrities – give it	it	PRON	to	ADP	 to
Gary Stringer, lead singer of Reef, was a local along with other members of the band, as are the band Flipron. The juggler Haggis McLeod and his late wife, Arabella Churchill, one of the founders of the Glastonbury Festival, lived in the town	town	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
The song was performed during promotion for American Life in 2003 and on the Re Invention World Tour (2004). " American Life " was written and produced by Madonna and Mirwais Ahmadzaï. " I could be having a guitar lesson and something will just come to	to	ADP	me	PRON	 me
Trains, with CBTC, can then operate closer together. With the new system, signals and interlockings aren't needed, their job being done better by trackside controllers, controllers on the train, and a control center. The location of the train is also used	used	VERB	to	PART	 to
Hollywood Cemetery quickly agreed to permit LaSalle's interment at Hollywood, but this did not immediately occur for reasons which are not clear, and LaSalle was cremated and buried at Abbey Mausoleum in Arlington County, Virginia. Originally a mausoleum for the wealthy, it went bankrupt	bankrupt	ADJ	in	ADP	 in
He lost the use of his speech, and fell into a state of stupor, which lasted for forty eight hours. After taking an emetic he threw up a fragment of the mushroom, with two worms, and mucus, tinged with blood. Milk, oil	oil	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
The castle was constructed in stone, with six towers, inner buildings and gates. It was abandoned in the 14th century and stripped of its stone and metalwork. Only earthworks remain in the 21st century. The village of Mere was a small and unimportant settlement in	in	ADP	the	DET	 the
He also scored 50 goals in 39 games, the fastest any player had reached the total in a single season. Gretzky scored his 1,000th NHL point in his 424th game, breaking Guy Lafleur's old record of 720 games. Gretzky's teammates set records of their	their	PRON	own	ADJ	 own
Danton described Lewis's vocals as " delicate " and that " take flight on the chorus ". It garnered a mixed response from music critics. Nate Chinen for The New York Times was complimentary of Lewis's cover, and praised her " powerhouse vocals ".	.	PUNCT	Matt	PROPN	 Matt
The operation began on 12 October, when the Kaiser class battleships engaged the batteries on the Sworbe peninsula. Simultaneously, Moltke, Bayern, and the Königs began firing on the Russian shore batteries at Tagga Bay. Stiff Russian resistance in the Kassar Wick, the entrance	entrance	NOUN	to	ADP	 to
Within a quarter of a mile, Cambridge held a half length lead but the Dark Blues began to draw back into contention and took the lead just before Craven Cottage. A spurt at the Mile Post from the Light Blues kept them in touch but Oxford rowed away	away	ADV	from	ADP	 from
In the video games, the Master Chief is rarely seen without his armor. In game cutscenes tease the character's face, but never reveal it; for example, at the end of Halo: Combat Evolved, the Chief removes his helmet, but camera movement	movement	NOUN	hides	VERB	 hides
Ventris's discovery of an archaic Greek dialect in the Linear B tablets demonstrated that Mycenaean Greek was " the oldest known Greek dialect, elements of which survived in Homer ’ s language as a result of a long oral tradition of epic poetry. " In the 8th	8th	ADJ	century	NOUN	 century
The aforementioned 2013 study noted that the western and southern CFR were separated by biogeographical barriers, such as the Cape Fold Belt and afromontane forests. A 2011 study suggested that low sea levels facilitated migrations for large mammals; therefore the rise in sea levels with the beginning	beginning	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
The course was abruptly terminated and Somervell, along with hundreds of other junior officers, was ordered to appear before an examination board that would determine his fitness for promotion. Following a favorable report from the board, Somervell was promoted to captain on 15 May 1917.	.	PUNCT	He	PRON	 He
His memoirs, published as The Navy from Within in 1939, were a vitriolic indictment of the Navy's practices. Dewar was born in Queensferry on 21 September 1879, the son of Dr. James and Mrs. Flora Dewar. In July, 1893 he was nominated as	as	ADP	a	DET	 a
She is then introduced to her brother under and assumed name and is in the apartment when Bryant Harding returns. A fight breaks out and Harding nearly kills Carleton and knocks Fenshaw unconscious and shoots at his daughter, but misses. Alerted by the shot, the District	District	PROPN	Attorney	PROPN	 Attorney
The episode was written by Ken Levine and David Isaacs, and directed by Jim Reardon. The inspiration for it originated from a line in " Itchy & Scratchy & Marge ", a previous episode in which Marge bans Bart and Lisa from watching their favorite cartoon,	,	PUNCT	The	DET	 The
Unlike the trunk lobes of modern elephants, the upper " finger " at the tip of the trunk had a long pointed lobe and was 10 cm (3.9 in) long, while the lower " thumb " was 5 cm (2.0 in) and was broader	broader	ADJ	.	PUNCT	.
As Wollstonecraft scholar Janet Todd writes, " the vision of society revealed [in] A Vindication of the Rights of Men was one of talents, where entrepreneurial, unprivileged children could compete on equal terms with the now wrongly privileged. " Wollstonecraft emphasizes the benefits of	of	ADP	hard	ADJ	 hard
Jared Taylor of American Renaissance criticized The Daily Stormer's " extremely harsh, dismissive and insulting tone toward blacks ", which he called unhelpful. The Daily Stormer orchestrates what it calls a " Troll Army ", involved in Internet trolling. It came to attention in	in	ADP	October	PROPN	 October
These four conditions closely mirror the original three conditions that the Nation Defense Authorization Act of 1996 laid out for the maintenance of Wisconsin while she was in the Mothball Fleet. It was unlikely that these conditions would impede a plan to turn Wisconsin into a permanent museum ship	ship	NOUN	at	ADP	 at
The work is extant in just one surviving manuscript, British Museum Cotton Vespasian A XIV, folios 175v to 177v. This is an 11th century copy done for Wulfstan II, Archbishop of York. At the death of King Eadred of England in 955, Oda was	was	AUX	one	NUM	 one
The authorities are empowered to close an entertainment or exhibition operated in breach of any condition, or kept open in contravention of an order by the Minister. To enable the Minister to determine whether an entertainment or exhibition should be banned or allowed to be held subject to	to	ADP	conditions	NOUN	 conditions
" In a bid to involve their fans for This Is War, Thirty Seconds to Mars held an event, called The Summit, at the Avalon Club in Los Angeles, where they invited fans to provide backing vocals and percussion. After the success of the initial	initial	ADJ	Summit	PROPN	 Summit
He noted that the sentences would have been even longer but for the students ' exposure to " the evil influence of some members of the university ". There were few, if any, examples of serious violence at student demonstrations in the years which followed the trial	trial	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
Himmler and Potthast confessed their love for each other at Christmastime in 1938. At first they tried to keep it platonic, but they fell into an adulterous relationship. Himmler's wife since 1928 and mother of their daughter, Margarete Himmler, found out about Himmler's	's	PART	relationship	NOUN	 relationship
... the towering young Smith, centre half in the England Intermediate (Under 23) XI, is flanked by two men, Boyd and Warhurst, who keep the ball flowing forward quickly all the time. There are no superfluous frills about them. Their accent is	is	AUX	on	ADP	 on
The race was first held in 1829, and since 1845 has taken place on the 4.2 mile (6.8 km) Championship Course on the River Thames in southwest London. The rivalry is a major point of honour between the two universities; it is followed throughout the	the	DET	United	PROPN	 United
The BBC took these threats seriously enough to assign him bodyguards. Cartier appeared live on television himself to defend the production in a studio debate, and eventually the Board of Governors of the BBC voted that the second performance should go ahead as planned. The production had	had	AUX	by	ADP	 by
One worker was killed during the demolition work, in May 2001, crushed underneath an electrical connection box which fell from a wall. On 31 October 2001, the ash silo which stood at the ash dock was toppled using explosives to demolish the stilts the structure stood	stood	VERB	on	ADP	 on
Modern visitors to the castle enter the complex through the Bailey from the south, which also contains the modern car park for the castle. The Inner Court, or the Castle, lies beyond the Bailey across the 15th century bridge that replaced the earlier drawbridge on the	the	DET	site	NOUN	 site
OMNH juvenile material is from at least two different age groups and based on overlapping bones likely comes from more than three individuals. The specimens exhibit features that distinguish Apatosaurus from its relatives, and thus likely belong to the genus. Juvenile sauropods tend to have proportionally shorter	shorter	ADJ	necks	NOUN	 necks
The old Great White Hall buildings were demolished around 1620 and replaced, and a kitchen and buttery were constructed. Work also started on building the hall and the chapel under Powell; both were completed after his death in 1620. Sir Eubule Thelwall, who became principal	principal	ADJ	in	ADP	 in
Burke and Zeller were named Co Big Ten Freshmen of the Year by the Sporting News. He was selected by the U.S. Basketball Writers Association to its 10 man 2011 – 12 Men's All District V (OH, IN, IL, MI, MN, WI	WI	PROPN	)	PUNCT	)
On 25 June, Hermann Schoemann began a lengthy refit that lasted until 15 February 1941, although her machinery continued to be problematic. She was declared operational in June and transferred to Kirkenes, Norway, the following month. However, continued machinery problems forced her return	return	NOUN	to	ADP	 to
Brett Tomko, who played with Bako in the minors in 1996 as a member of the Lookouts and in 1997 with Indianapolis, recalled one of their mound conversations: Bako: Are you really trying out here? Tomko: What do you mean? Bako: Because	Because	SCONJ	your	PRON	 your
It was conceived as an unofficial installment in the Chrono series, set between the events of Chrono Trigger and its sequel Chrono Cross. The game, as a ROM hack, runs on the Chrono Trigger game engine and has gameplay similar to the original. It is	is	AUX	based	VERB	 based
The couple formally announced their separation on October 29, 1953, through MGM. Gardner filed for divorce in June 1954, at a time when she was dating matador Luis Miguel Dominguín, but the divorce was not settled until 1957. Sinatra continued to feel very strongly	strongly	ADV	for	ADP	 for
Bonita quickly weakened into a tropical storm while crossing the country, but re intensified slightly after reaching the Mozambique Channel on January 12. Late on January 13, Bonita made a second landfall in eastern Mozambique between Pebane and Quelimane. Although the MFR ceased issuing advisories on	on	ADP	January	PROPN	 January
For example, it may automatically detect records belonging to the same person or address, even if the information is formatted differently in each record in different data sets. The software has a spreadsheet based user interface. Patterns and anomalies in the data are color coded in	in	ADP	the	DET	 the
It also heralded Nas ’ s mainstream popularity and followed the success of other mafioso rap albums such as Raekwon's Only Built 4 Cuban Linx … (1995). However, his stylistic changes and increased mainstream success fostered accusations of selling out within the hip hop community	community	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
Specifically, these include things such as workload, overtime hours, shift decisions, and even accepting a promotion or a transfer. In these situations, the man is forced to make major choices that will affect the entire family, which brings on more stress. The	The	DET	effects	NOUN	 effects
On 1 September 1965, OPEC moved to Vienna, Austria, after Switzerland declined to extend diplomatic privileges. During 1961 – 1975, the five founding nations were joined by Qatar (1961), Indonesia (1962 – 2008, rejoined 2016), Libya (1962	1962	NUM	)	PUNCT	)
Captain Peune, who had commanded the bomb ship chartered to ferry Thompson and his staff from Corfu to Trieste, wrote a letter to answer the charges of pillage. He stated that the 30 men French prize crew was unarmed, having had to swim to Leander because	because	SCONJ	all	DET	 all
After receiving an enthusiastic response to his speech of 30 January 1943 on the topic, Goebbels believed he had the support of the German people in his call for total war. His next speech, the Sportpalast speech of 18 February 1943, was a passionate demand for	for	ADP	his	PRON	 his
Tiruchirappalli is internationally known for a brand of cheroot known as the Trichinopoly cigar, which was exported in large quantities to the United Kingdom during the 19th century. A major road and railway hub in the state, the city is served by an international airport which operates	operates	VERB	flights	NOUN	 flights
A freelancer, Klein designed logos and title headers for various comics, while at other times created lettering for many of the decades most prominent titles. Klein would also create the lettering for Alan Grant's run on Detective Comics, where he would work together with Grant	Grant	PROPN	and	CCONJ	 and
The two dated throughout high school and were married in 1960. They had two children: Wallace Glenn Wilkinson, Jr. (b. 1970) and Andrew Stafford Wilkinson (b. 1972). Wilkinson was a member of the freshman basketball team at Liberty High School. Using	Using	VERB	profits	NOUN	 profits
The songs " Listen to the Lion " and " Almost Independence Day " are each over ten minutes long and employ the type of poetic imagery not heard since Astral Weeks. It was his highest charting album in the US until his Top Ten debut on Billboard 200	200	NUM	in	ADP	 in
It did not live in Arctic Canada, which was inhabited by woolly mammoths. Fossils of woolly and Columbian mammoths have been found in the same place in a few areas of North America where their ranges overlapped, including the Hot Springs Site. It is unknown whether	whether	SCONJ	the	DET	 the
After a day of fighting and the death of one of their commanders, members of the detachment began to retreat. In the end, the Partisans suffered four killed in action and 25 taken prisoner, while 13 managed to escape. All but three of the prisoners	prisoners	NOUN	were	AUX	 were
The rivalry intensified after the 1989 San Marino Grand Prix, where the two drivers had an agreement that neither would get in each other's way to the first corner (cf. 1982 San Marino Grand Prix). At the start, Senna got away in the	the	DET	lead	NOUN	 lead
We were screaming back and forth at each other, and trying to match pitches and stuff. Then, hearing the after product of both of our voices blended together was pretty fun. " " Return to the Nightosphere " and " Daddy's Little Monster " first	first	ADV	aired	VERB	 aired
12% of the money from the FIFA Financial Assistance Programme (FAP) is targeted at the technical development of the game, which includes women's football, sport medicine and futsal. This compares to 11% specifically set aside for men's competitions and 10%	%	NOUN	set	VERB	 set
That April, Ezra, Eliza Jane, Oliver, and Marion Meeker set out to journey to Oregon, some 2,000 miles (3,200 km) in all. With their wagon, they had two yokes of oxen, one of cows and an extra cow. They	They	PRON	were	AUX	 were
After the birth of each child, Cadron Jetté would take the newborn to be baptised at Montreal's Notre Dame church, and stand as godmother for the child. In 1845, in response to growing demand brought about by Montreal's burgeoning population, Bourget began an	an	DET	organised	VERB	 organised
After entering the Caribbean, Inez briefly weakened before restrengthening, attaining peak sustained winds of 150 mph (240 km / h) on September 28. That day a Hurricane Hunters flight reported a gust of 197 mph (317 km / h), which was the	the	DET	highest	ADJ	 highest
The Empress believed that Bei's openness to Chinese culture detracted from his leadership ability as a Khitan, and she instead favored Emperor Taizu's more traditionalist second son, Yelü Deguang. Deguang enjoyed not only the support of his mother, but also of the Khitan nobility	nobility	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
He once said: " Do not praise me when I have taken 8 for 20 on a sticky wicket, but when I have got 2 for 100 on a perfect wicket. " At times, Verity almost seemed bored when bowling and performed less effectively, particularly	particularly	ADV	if	SCONJ	 if
It was canceled on October 1, 2009, without reason. Several songs from the album were performed by West during his live VH1 Storytellers performance, such as " Heartless ", " Amazing " and " Say You Will. " In the interim, director Nabil	Nabil	PROPN	Elderkin	PROPN	 Elderkin
Objections to " Church Romanization " are that some non Christians and some secular writing use it. One commentator observes that POJ " today is largely disassociated from its former religious purposes. " The term " romanization " is also disliked by some, who see it as	as	ADP	belittling	VERB	 belittling
This cautious approach was well advised, but still the numerous incidents of covert and open hostility between the Franks and the Greeks on their line of march, for which it seems both sides were to blame, precipitated conflict between Manuel and his guests. Manuel took the	the	DET	precaution	NOUN	 precaution
Due to disappointing performances, Emanuel Steward was fired as Taylor's trainer and replaced with Ozell Nelson. Fighting at the MGM Grand in Las Vegas on February 16, 2008, Taylor lost the rematch to Pavlik by unanimous decision. After the two losses to Pavlik,	,	PUNCT	Taylor	PROPN	 Taylor
Construction of the runway cost 1.3 million Norwegian krone and the first aircraft landed on the strip on 14 July 1970. Scheduled services commenced on 1 July 1971, the same day as Florø Airport, Sogndal Airport, Haukåsen and Ørsta Volda Airport, Hovden opened. From	From	ADP	before	ADP	 before
That same year Pierre Curie entered her life; it was their mutual interest in natural sciences that drew them together. Pierre was an instructor at the School of Physics and Chemistry, the École supérieure de physique et de chimie industrielles de la ville de Paris (ESPCI	ESPCI	PROPN	)	PUNCT	)
The communist elites used the " Jews as Zionists " allegations to push for a purge of Jews from scientific and cultural institutions, publishing houses, and national television and radio stations. Ultimately, the communist government sponsored an antisemitic campaign that resulted in most remaining Jews being	being	AUX	forced	VERB	 forced
The Daily Telegraph's Phil Rothfield compared the " far brighter and more radiant " appearance of Johns in his first show to the " broken down wreck " seen on A Current Affair in May 2009 in the context of the sex scandal. Towards the end of the	the	DET	2010	NUM	 2010
Bradley, Fern Marshall; Ellis, Barbara W.; Martin, Deborah L., eds. (2009). The Organic Gardener's Handbook of Natural Pest and Disease Control. Rodale. ISBN 978 1 60529 677 7. Davey, M. R.; Anthony, P.	P.	PROPN	;	PUNCT	;
When hearing about the devastation, Mehmed — who was busy besieging a fortress in Corinth — sent his grand vizier, Mahmud, with an army of 18,000 to destroy the Wallachian port of Brăila. Vlad Ţepeş turned back and defeated the army, and according to the	the	DET	Italian	ADJ	 Italian
After Victor's gaslighting of Sharon is exposed, Sharon becomes drawn to Mariah; inviting her to live with her family and having Nick hire her for a job at his club. Sharon throws Mariah out after realizing that Mariah has been trying to seduce Nick away from	from	ADP	her	PRON	 her
As it has a long half life of just over 2 million years, the alpha emitter 237Np is one of the major isotopes of the minor actinides separated from spent nuclear fuel. Many separation methods have been used to separate out the neptunium, operating on small and	and	CCONJ	large	ADJ	 large
Alabama did not have players participate in the Casino del Sol College All Star Game or the NFLPA Collegiate Bowl. In the weeks following the conclusion of the season, several changes were made to the Alabama coaching staff. On December 13 offensive coordinator Jim McElwain was introduced	introduced	VERB	as	ADP	 as
Lamu Fort was turned into a prison in 1910 by the British colonial administration. In the 1950s Mau Mau detainees were held in the fort. The fort continued to be used as a prison after the independence of Kenya until 1984. It was then given to the	the	DET	National	PROPN	 National
Other ornithischians included Camptosaurus, Gargoyleosaurus, Dryosaurus, Othnielosaurus and Drinker. Stegosaurus is commonly found at the same sites as Allosaurus, Apatosaurus, Camarasaurus, and Diplodocus. One of the most recognizable of all dinosaurs, Stegosaurus has been depicted on film, in cartoons and	and	CCONJ	comics	NOUN	 comics
After completing his tour in Thailand, McNamara served as air staff officer at RAAF Base Richmond, New South Wales, until 1968, before being appointed Director General Organisation at the Department of Air. Promoted to air commodore, in April 1971, McNamara became the last	last	ADJ	Commander	PROPN	 Commander
Critically and commercially unsuccessful. Rediff.com criticised her decision to star in the film, writing that she " gets no support from the way her character is written ". Greater success came for her portrayal of Roshni Shekhawat, a mother who has lost her only child in	in	ADP	a	DET	 a
MD 24 received its first relocation in Edgewood in the mid 1950s after assuming all of MD 408. After another relocation due to the construction of I 95 in the early 1960s, the state highway was placed on a new alignment through Edgewood in the late 1960s and	and	CCONJ	early	ADJ	 early
The castle continued to fulfil several other local functions. During the outbreak of plague in 1666, the castle was used as an isolation ward for infected patients, and during the Napoleonic Wars the castle was used to hold the equipment and stores of the local Framlingham Volunteer	Volunteer	PROPN	regiment	NOUN	 regiment
The following sections describe several hypotheses: Some pertain to the composition of the infectious agent (protein only, protein with other components, virus, or other), while others pertain to its mechanism of reproduction. Prior to the discovery of prions, it was thought	thought	VERB	that	SCONJ	 that
" Abnormal sensitivity " is where the claimant's damaged property is particularly sensitive to damage by the defendant's actions. In Robinson v Kilvert, it was established that if the action of the defendant would not have caused damage were it not for this abnormal sensitivity,	,	PUNCT	the	DET	 the
The choir section lost 75 of its 99 seats as well a painting by Juan Correa along with many stored books. The two cathedral organs were severely damaged with the partial melting of their pipes. Paintings by Rafael Jimeno y Planas, Juan Correa and Juan Rodriguez Juarez	Juarez	PROPN	were	AUX	 were
As a result, German shells pounded the British ships while the German ships remained untouched for the first 10 minutes of the engagement. During this stage of the battle Lion was hit by nine shells from SMS Lützow. One shell at 16: 00 struck the right	right	ADJ	upper	ADJ	 upper
Shortly after, her boyfriend finds her and tries to resuscitate her. Meanwhile, it is revealed that in the close up scenes Spears is actually inside a hospital hallway. The video continues with scenes of her being carried into an ambulance and surrounded by photographers, as	as	ADV	well	ADV	 well
With the Matrix now emptied of all its power, Optimus decides to go by his old name of Orion Pax, and agrees to leave Cybertron forever in exchange for the Autobots being allowed to stay. Rodimus, being given half of the Matrix, decides to lead	lead	VERB	a	DET	 a
The website stated it was Metallica's best because it " built upon and perfected everything they had experimented with prior " and that " all the pieces come together in glorious cohesion ". Music journalist Martin Popoff also ranked it the best heavy metal album. The album	album	NOUN	was	AUX	 was
A reconceptualized version of the song was recorded by D ' Angelo and guest artists on the charity album Red Hot + Riot (2002). Audio engineer Russell Elevado, who recorded and mixed Voodoo, along with Erykah Badu's Mama's Gun and Common's Like	Like	ADP	Water	NOUN	 Water
To make room for Burnett on the roster, the Phillies designated former first round draft pick Joe Savery for assignment; Savery was later claimed from waivers by the Oakland Athletics. Shortly before opening day, the team acquired infielder Jayson Nix (younger brother of Laynce Nix	Nix	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
Repulsed at what Butters is doing, Stan and Kyle try to persuade him to stop, but Butters ignores them, paying Clyde to keep Stan away from him, and brushing off Kyle's protests in an almost threatening manner. As his workforce expands, Butters starts	starts	VERB	offering	VERB	 offering
In 2015, " Heartbreak Hotel " was named as The # 2 Song of the Rock Era in the book The Top 500 Songs of the Rock Era: 1955 2015. Radio humorist Stan Freberg parodied " Heartbreak Hotel " immediately after its release, because the vocals	vocals	NOUN	on	ADP	 on
The Augusti would not meet again until 303. Some time after his return, and before 293, Diocletian transferred command of the war against Carausius from Maximian to Flavius Constantius, a former Governor of Dalmatia and a man of military experience stretching back to Aurelian's campaigns	campaigns	NOUN	against	ADP	 against
A possible explanation for this lies in the fact that its paper thin shell is characteristic of bivalves living in stable, deep water areas with little water movement. The shallower locations in which it now thrives are characterised by being protected bays or by having extensive sea ice	ice	NOUN	coverage	NOUN	 coverage
The third race, D. d. nigrimentalis, breeds in southeastern China and southern Siberia. Its wintering grounds are unknown, but birds in Taiwan just move to lower altitudes in winter. Non breeding Asian house martin have been recorded as far west as the United Arab Emirates	Emirates	PROPN	.	PUNCT	.
Monumental columns, or " pillars of victory ", were uncommon in Ireland at the time; the Cumberland Column in Birr, County Offaly, erected in 1747, was a rare exception. From the entries submitted, the Nelson committee's choice was that of a	a	DET	young	ADJ	 young
Arriving in an open top Mercedes convertible, Bowie waved to the crowd in a gesture that some alleged was a Nazi salute, which was captured on camera and published in NME. Bowie said the photographer simply caught him in mid wave. He later blamed his pro	pro	ADJ	fascism	NOUN	 fascism
It runs 14.08 mi (22.66 km) from the five way intersection of Route 47 (Delsea Drive), County Route 603 (Fairview Sewell Road / Blackswood Barnsboro Road), and County Route 630 (Egg Harbor Road), also known as Five Points,	,	PUNCT	in	ADP	 in
Due to the large number of good close fielders in the side, Jardine did not field in the slips, his usual position for Surrey, but next to the crowd on the boundary. There, he was roundly abused and mocked, particularly when chasing the ball	ball	NOUN	:	PUNCT	:
Just prior to his departure, at 7 p.m. on the evening of May 17, 13 ½ hours before the eruption, Glicken took the famous photograph of Johnston sitting by the observation post trailer with a notebook on his lap, smiling. The following morning, May	May	PROPN	18	NUM	 18
The substance of the story by itself is not objectionable. The plot is interesting and the story has a powerful moral appeal, namely that there will be ups and downs in a man's life and that chastity is the most precious jewel of womanhood. Parasakthi acquired	acquired	VERB	cult	NOUN	 cult
It was extended northeast to Burke via Westville after the state acquired ownership of the Westville – Burke highway in 1980, and truncated to begin in Westville about 10 years later. Modern NY 122 follows what was originally designated New York State Route 188 during the 1930s.	.	PUNCT	NY	NOUN	 NY
It was last appeared on the chart on July 21, 1996, at number thirty seven. To date, " Ironic " is her best charting song on the country. The song was generally well received throughout Europe. In the United Kingdom " Ironic " debuted	debuted	VERB	and	CCONJ	 and
In his first year, Olmstead and the Moose Jaw Canucks challenged for the Memorial Cup, after finishing the playoffs with a 15 – 1 record. They were unsuccessful in the series against the St. Michael's Majors. Olmstead had 10 goals and eight assists in the	the	DET	17	NUM	 17
The show may not be the best sitcom on TV now, but it's definitely the best work of NBC criticism. " In regards to the main plot, he said it " could have done even more with the premise of the Jaypocalypse re enacted with janitors	janitors	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
He was twice expelled from the PNL, in 1938 and 1944, creating instead his own group, the National Liberal Party Tătărescu, and representing it inside the Communist endorsed Petru Groza cabinet. In 1946 1947, he was also the President of the Romanian Delegation to	to	ADP	the	DET	 the
Coquitlam is also home to Coquitlam Little League, which has been part of Little League International since 1955; Coquitlam finished 3rd at the 1984 Little League World Series. In 2008, Coquitlam hosted the Junior League Canadian Championships. Basketball - Coquitlam is home to the Tri	Tri	PROPN	City	PROPN	 City
On 1 April 1921 Sikorski replaced general Tadeusz Jordan Rozwadowski as the chief of the Polish General Staff. Between 1922 and 1925 he held a number of high government offices. Based on his analysis, the Polish Council of Ministers adopted new foreign policy that would remain roughly	roughly	ADV	unchanged	ADJ	 unchanged
The song lyrics are mostly told from the point of view of characters and deal with the socio political issues in the United States at the period, such as the War on Terror. Pearl Jam was critically well received and was a commercial success, debuting at number	number	NOUN	two	NUM	 two
By this date, the Army Corps of Engineers reported that 964,170 cubic yards (737,160 cubic meters), roughly 58%, of the 1.65 million cubic yards (1.26 million cubic meters) of debris had been removed. Assistance for farmers and ranchers who suffered severe	severe	ADJ	losses	NOUN	 losses
Enamorada de Ti debuted and peaked at number one on the US Billboard Top Latin Albums and Latin Pop Albums charts. It remained at number one on the latter for two consecutive weeks. After debuting and peaking at number 135 on the Billboard 200 chart, the recording	recording	NOUN	slipped	VERB	 slipped
The disappointed Eddie leaves, just as the real Mulder shows up. Realizing that Eddie just visited Nelligan in his guise, Mulder searches for him down the hospital corridors. He finds the fertility doctor and a security guard nearby and handcuffs them to each other, believing	believing	VERB	one	NUM	 one
Darlington created new roadway approaches (Lackawanna Road and Ferry Lane) to the bridge and even two buildings on the New Jersey side of the span. One building was for toll collecting while the other was for living quarters. These quarters were soon occupied by Edward McCracken	McCracken	PROPN	and	CCONJ	 and
Deutschland was powered by one 2 cylinder single expansion engine, which was supplied with steam by eight coal fired trunk boilers. The ship's top speed was 14.6 knots (27.0 km / h; 16.8 mph), at 5,779 indicated horsepower (4,309 kW).	.	PUNCT	She	PRON	 She
This species was larger than the two other members of the genus, so it is unlikely that it represents the same species as the spotted green pigeon. The possibility that the spotted green pigeon was a hybrid between other species can also be disregarded based on the genetic	genetic	ADJ	results	NOUN	 results
When Sedna was discovered it was 89.6 AU from the Sun approaching perihelion, and was the most distant object in the Solar System observed. Eris was later detected by the same survey near aphelion at 97 AU. Only the orbits of some long period comets extend farther	farther	ADV	than	ADP	 than
Longchamp was deposed and exiled, largely because Coutances had a royal document ordering the magnates to obey Coutances ' if the archbishop's advice was resisted by Longchamp, which it had been. Although the medieval chronicler Richard of Devizes accused Coutances of duplicity, and of trying	trying	VERB	to	PART	 to
In his 1884 book Woodcraft he wrote of the Pine Creek watershed where A huge tannery... poisons and blackens the stream with chemicals, bark and ooze.... The once fine covers and thickets are converted into fields thickly dotted with blackened stumps. And, to crown the	the	DET	desolation	NOUN	 desolation
Cassaundra Baber of Observer Dispatch listed the song on list of " Horrible holiday hits ", criticising it for being " sexualized " and calling it " not for the kids ". The song was described as " porn tastic " in a review for Now! Christmas	Christmas	PROPN	4	NUM	 4
The group was aided by the FBI and have since been working underground, aiding the US government; for instance, Langly mentions that he was responsible for the Stuxnet virus in 2010. Mulder later makes reference to The Lone Gunmen's survival in the tenth season episode	episode	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
It is uncertain as to when the poem was actually completed, but Keats sent the poem to his brother on 3 May 1819 with an attached letter saying, " The following poem, the last I have written, is the first and only one with which I	I	PRON	have	AUX	 have
There seemed to be one after the other of them, and we became very interested in sort of the characters who were a part of those scandals. " After co starring on 2004's fourth season of The Shield on cable network FX, Close told network president	president	PROPN	John	PROPN	 John
By the time the race reached the Paterberg, the gap was around half a minute. On the climb, Cancellara attacked from the chasing group, with Štybar on his wheel; meanwhile, a ten man group broke away from the leaders. After the Paterberg and	and	CCONJ	the	DET	 the
" Jeffrey M. Anderson reviewed Snow White for the Combustible Celluloid website, awarding it three stars out of four. Remarking that Thompson " completely eradicates " the Disney interpretation of the folktale, he praised her directorial debut, noting the influence of Tim Burton but claiming that	that	SCONJ	she	PRON	 she
Olivia continues to play along, explaining to Nina that her Cortexiphan abilities could only be induced by being near Peter; Nina fakes illness to be extracted from the room, where she explains to a complicit Jones that they need to abduct Peter. Following Olivia's disappearance	disappearance	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
Monti had two siblings, a sister, Nicole and a brother, Timothy. After enlisting in the Army in March 1993, he completed basic training and forward observer training at Fort Sill, Oklahoma and continued his training as a paratrooper with the 82nd Airborne Division.	.	PUNCT	Monti	PROPN	 Monti
It called for the expansion of the 67 kilometres of track in 1995 to 360 in 2030. It was expected that daily ridership in 2030 would grow to 6.0 million from the 1.4 million passengers at that time The following table lists Mass Rapid Transit lines and stations that	that	PRON	are	AUX	 are
The strictest forms of Jain diet are practised by the monastic ascetics. It also excludes potatoes and other root vegetables. The scrupulous and thorough way of applying nonviolence to everyday activities, and especially to food, shapes their entire lives and is the most significant hallmark of	of	ADP	Jain	PROPN	 Jain
In April 1948, Vickers also received authority to proceed with their Type 660 which, although falling short of the B.35 / 46 Specification, being of a more conventional design would be available sooner; this plane entered service as the Valiant. As Avro had no flight	flight	NOUN	experience	NOUN	 experience
In the Relic Race, the player must race through a track alone and complete three laps in the fastest time possible. To aid the player, " Time Crates " are spread throughout the track. When the player drives the character through a Time Crate, the	the	DET	clock	NOUN	 clock
The battle between Homer and General Sherman is also reminiscent of Captain Ahab's battle with the white whale Moby Dick in the novel Moby Dick. As Homer triumphantly returns with the captured General Sherman, he sings Queen's " We Are The Champions " (1977)	)	PUNCT	,	PUNCT	,
On 16 and 23 February 2008, he presented the National Lottery Draw. On 1 March 2008, Barrowman appeared as a panellist of the Eurovision Song Contest selection show, Eurovision: Your Decision on BBC 1 with Carrie Grant and Terry Wogan. From 29 April to	to	ADP	1	NUM	 1
Devereux and the 19th Massachusetts played a significant role in the Battle of Gettysburg on July 3, 1863. Confederate forces attempted a massive frontal assault on the Union position known as Pickett's Charge. The attack only managed to breach Union lines in one small place along	along	ADP	Cemetery	PROPN	 Cemetery
A number of accidents occurred, resulting in the deaths of four pilots. Richmond's base commander, Group Captain Paddy Heffernan, found that the veterans of the European theatre of operations " tended to consider themselves invincible ", and reacted with disdain when he warned them	them	PRON	that	SCONJ	 that
The ships were barque rigged to supplement the steam engine; Principe Amedeo and her sister were the last rigged ironclad to be built by Italy. The ships ' sail area were 36,738 square feet (3,413.1 m2) for Principe Amedeo and 37,361 sq ft (3,471.0 m2	m2	PROPN	)	PUNCT	)
A collection of German states intended to serve as a buffer zone between France and Central Europe, the creation of the Confederation spelled the end of the Holy Roman Empire and significantly alarmed the Prussians. The brazen reorganization of German territory by the French risked threatening Prussian influence	influence	NOUN	in	ADP	 in
It was extended to its present length by the following year and realigned to serve Harford later in the decade. NY 200 was assigned in the 1940s. NY 221 begins at an intersection with NY 38 in the town of Harford. The route progresses northward through a	a	DET	small	ADJ	 small
Today these are the only remaining buildings which at one time belonged to Tewkesbury Abbey. There is a plaque on the gatehouse, telling of its history. The Old Place (51.407665° N 3.489745° W ﻿ / 51.407665; -3.489745) is a ruin of an	an	DET	Elizabethan	PROPN	 Elizabethan
They are depicted with normal proportions, suggesting that they did not inherit their father's condition. The sculpture's roughly cubical arrangement cleverly ensures that the overall composition retains a harmonious equilibrium. It is lightened by the artist dispensing with a back slab and incorporating negative space	space	NOUN	into	ADP	 into
The rangefinder above the conning tower was replaced by a duplex unit carrying two 4.57 m rangefinders and another 4.57 m rangefinder was added in an armoured hood next to the main mast. Two directors for the secondary guns were added on the navigation bridge, each with a	a	DET	2	NUM	 2
At this time, chocolate still only existed in the bitter drink invented by the Mayas. Sweet hot chocolate and bar chocolate were yet to be invented. After its introduction to Europe, the drink slowly gained popularity. The court of King Charles V soon adopted the	the	DET	drink	NOUN	 drink
The major events, characters and circumstances are explained by reference to their past lives, with examples of specific actions of particular intensity in one life determining events in the next. Jain texts narrate how even Māhavīra, one of the most popular propagators of Jainism and the	the	DET	24th	ADJ	 24th
His mother finally decided to give him up to foster care, due in part because of what she called " mental problems " from the abuse he had suffered, and because he did not accept her as his mother. Brashear lived in two different foster homes that	that	PRON	sent	VERB	 sent
Boris explains that he felt bad about yelling at Minka, and had gone to look for her mother's wine glasses, but had become locked inside when the door closed behind him (it can't open from the inside). Angelica tests the door, and	and	CCONJ	inadvertently	ADV	 inadvertently
The game has had a positive reception, earning scores of 80% and 80 / 100 respectively from aggregate sites GameRankings and Metacritic. Famitsu gave the game a score of 36 points out of 40, noted by IGN as being the highest score given by the magazine	magazine	NOUN	to	ADP	 to
This has become possible thanks to precision observations of binary pulsars. In such a star system, two highly compact neutron stars orbit each other. At least one of them is a pulsar – an astronomical object that emits a tight beam of radiowaves. These beams strike	strike	VERB	the	DET	 the
Calculating a circuit now reduces to multiplying matrices. Matrices have a long history of application in solving linear equations but they were known as arrays until the 1800s. The Chinese text The Nine Chapters on the Mathematical Art written in 10th – 2nd century BCE is the first	first	ADJ	example	NOUN	 example
The expanding population of Scandinavia led to a shortage of available resources and arable land there and led to a period of Viking expansion, the Norse gradually shifting their attention from plundering to invasion. Shetland was colonised during the late 8th and 9th centuries, the fate of	of	ADP	the	DET	 the
The West Indies secured a 1: 0 series victory. Willis had marked his improved form with 14 wickets at 29.07, and had fared better in the County Championship that year, taking 27 wickets at 31.70. He had also taken 23 one day wickets that season	season	NOUN	at	ADP	 at
They look like bird like creatures or raptors. This particular species did not come into the Covenant in the same way as other species. They work as mercenaries, as their culture is based on piracy and do not follow the religious beliefs like the other species.	.	PUNCT	In	ADP	 In
The development team planned to make use of mobile phones communication abilities to facilitate interaction between players. Coded was developed with 3D and 2D graphics to have the game available on a range of mobile phones for distribution overseas. The game was designed around hardware that was more	more	ADV	powerful	ADJ	 powerful
Jifna has local traditions and legends relating to the Holy Family, and to the village water spring. It is also locally known for its apricot harvest festival; each year, during the late Spring period, hundreds travel to the village to harvest the fruit during its	its	PRON	brief	ADJ	 brief
Lee and Mathews won the Academy Award for Best Makeup, although Mathews had a budget of only $250. The film received two Screen Actors Guild Awards, for Best Actor (McConaughey) and Best Supporting Actor (Leto); it was also nominated for Best	Best	PROPN	Cast	PROPN	 Cast
" Catch Thirtythree is one 47 minute song divided into 13 sections. It is more mid tempo guitar riff based, and a more straightforward and experimental full length album than Chaosphere or Nothing. Nick Terry of Decibel Magazine describes the album as a four movement symphony.	.	PUNCT	Some	DET	 Some
He had very long finger nails, and kept his money in a purse of sacking ". He also noted that he had worked as a farm labourer and that he was a widower with two sons. The first printed account of Pickingill that described him as a	a	DET	cunning	ADJ	 cunning
She cut one fifth of the play — about 120 lines — for this version, deleting some of the stories from the first act, including Percy's poem " Arethusa ", and rewrote individual lines. (She included " Arethusa " in her collection of Posthumous	Posthumous	PROPN	Poems	PROPN	 Poems
F 16s also patrolled the no fly zones in Iraq during Operations Northern Watch and Southern Watch and served during the wars in Afghanistan (Operation Enduring Freedom) and Iraq (Operation Iraqi Freedom) from 2001 and 2003 respectively. In 2011, Air Force F 16s took	took	VERB	part	NOUN	 part
Finding the Tequesta unwelcoming, he left to make contact with the Calusa. Menéndez met the Tequesta in 1565 and maintained a friendly relationship with them, building some houses and setting up a mission. He also took the chief's nephew to Havana to be educated,	,	PUNCT	and	CCONJ	 and
The twelfth tropical cyclone, tenth named storm and sixth hurricane of the season, Hernan originated from a tropical wave that formed in the Atlantic Ocean and crossed to the Pacific Ocean. The wave spawned a low pressure system which organized into a tropical depression on August 30	30	NUM	,	PUNCT	,
An article published in Richmond's Enquirer newspaper claimed that Melvin had been caught in bed with " a blushing bride " by McNeill's men during his capture; however, Wheeling's Daily Intelligencer newspaper reminded its readers that the story was baseless, as Melvin was unmarried	unmarried	ADJ	.	PUNCT	.
A Beautiful Lie was released on August 30, 2005 in the United States. It has since been certified platinum by the Recording Industry Association of America (RIAA), and has reached platinum and gold status in several countries, with a sales total of over four	four	NUM	million	NUM	 million
It was replaced by a number of other surfaces including AstroTurf. It had a dirt skin infield on the basepaths for baseball through 1972, until converted to " sliding pits " at the bases for 1973. Renovations for the start of the 1983 baseball season included the	the	DET	initial	ADJ	 initial
" In an instance, a girl was unable to undergo a surgery she needed due to monetary issues, so she sold her tickets to a show of the tour for enough money to pay for the surgery. Debra Rathwell, senior vice president of AEG Live said	said	VERB	the	DET	 the
The World Science Fiction Society established the annual John W. Campbell Award for Best New Writer. All three memorials became effective in 1973. The Science Fiction and Fantasy Hall of Fame inducted Campbell in 1996, in its inaugural class of two deceased and two living persons.	.	PUNCT	Campbell	PROPN	 Campbell
Prisoners from these ships gave Howe the information that the French fleet was only a short distance ahead, but that it had been joined by an additional ship from Nielly's squadron as well as several frigates. By now satisfied that Montagu was safely to the southwest,	,	PUNCT	Howe	PROPN	 Howe
To reach Los Angeles, the Santa Fe leased trackage rights over the Southern Pacific from San Bernardino on November 29, 1885, at $1,200 per mile per year. Naturally, the Santa Fe sought ways to reduce the fees. On November 20, 1886,	,	PUNCT	the	DET	 the
Box Office Mojo estimates that the film sold over 84.8 million tickets in the US in its initial theatrical run. At that time, the film was the third highest grossing film in North America behind Titanic and Star Wars (1977), and the second highest grossing	grossing	NOUN	film	NOUN	 film
As with Murray's witch cult, Wicca's practitioners entered via an initiation ceremony; Murray's claims that witches wrote down their spells in a book may have been an influence on Wicca's Book of Shadows. Wicca's early system of seasonal festivities were also based	based	VERB	on	ADP	 on
The total remaining area covered just 1,700 km², and compacted military and civilians alike, of which the latter numbered some 3 million people. Under these circumstances Leopold deemed further resistance useless. On the evening of 27 May, he requested an armistice. Churchill sent a	a	DET	message	NOUN	 message
The new motorway was completed and opened on 10 July 1980, and passes east – west between Radyr and Morganstown. Later this section was widened to three lanes in each direction at a cost of over £71 million, being completed in December 2009. Radyr has	has	VERB	no	DET	 no
" This design was later used as model for a DC Collectibles figure, released as part of a series based on villains featured in the game. In the years that followed the creation of Anarky, both Norm Breyfogle and Alan Grant experienced changes in their personal and	and	CCONJ	professional	ADJ	 professional
On 14 August 2010, Given was dropped from the Manchester City starting XI for their opening league game against Tottenham and replaced by Joe Hart. Hart became City's permanent first choice keeper, although Given played enough during the season to receive an FA Cup winners '	'	PART	medal	NOUN	 medal
It became the most popular race record of 1949 and reportedly sold " several hundred thousand " to one million copies. In an experience similar to Muddy Waters ' 1950 hit " Rollin ' Stone ", the song's popularity allowed Hooker to give up his factory job	job	NOUN	and	CCONJ	 and
The show features a competition in which contestants solve word puzzles, similar to those used in Hangman, to win cash and prizes determined by spinning a giant carnival wheel. Wheel premiered as a daytime series on NBC on January 6, 1975, and continued to air	air	VERB	on	ADP	 on
A month later, Caltrans and the California Highway Patrol agreed to take more efforts to educate the public about the safety issues. Signs were installed in 2010 to encourage drivers to practice safe driving habits; from January 2007 to early December 2010, twenty four people died	died	VERB	from	ADP	 from
Nedvěd and Lazio began the 1998 – 99 season with a victory in the Supercoppa Italiana, Nedvěd scoring as the club defeated Juventus 2 – 1. He played a role in Lazio's road to the last ever Cup Winners ' Cup, scoring against Lausanne in the	the	DET	first	ADJ	 first
Both wrestlers were wearing identical costumes, but Bearer's Undertaker wore purple while DiBiase's wore grey. Bearer's Undertaker kicked his opponent out of the ring, where DiBiase's Undertaker tried to attack Bearer. DiBiase's Undertaker attempted to perform an arm twist ropewalk chop	chop	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
Whatever his reasons, he was soundly defeated. In the 1949 federal election, Lewis ran again in the Hamilton area, in the riding of Wentworth. He lost again, placing a relatively distant third. The 1945 defeats were partially the result of an alliance between	between	ADP	the	DET	 the
It represents an animal variously identified as a toad and a jaguar. The body of the animal was sculptured to form a hollow 85 centimetres (33 in) across and 26 centimetres (10 in) deep. The sculpture was broken into three pieces. Altar 3	3	NUM	is	AUX	 is
The show announced the album's actual release date and vendor, Universal Music Group, who made it available on July 10 as a digital download on iTunes. Ocean said at the time, " I haven't even held one in my hands... The [CDs	CDs	NOUN	]	PUNCT	]
It has a freezing point of − 38.83° C and a boiling point of 356.73° C, both exceptionally low for a metal. In addition, mercury's boiling point of 629.88 K (356.73° C) is the lowest of any metal. Upon freezing	freezing	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
The British government, fearing an uprising similar to the French Revolution, took even more drastic steps to quash the radicals: they made ever more political arrests and infiltrated radical groups; they threatened to " revoke the licences of publicans who continued to host politicised debating societies	societies	NOUN	and	CCONJ	 and
This involved measuring the frequency of oscillation of the radius of a water jet. Bohr conducted a series of experiments using his father's laboratory in the university; the university itself had no physics laboratory. To complete his experiments, he had to make his own glassware	glassware	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
They finished at the top of the Second Division, but as at that time there was no automatic promotion to the First Division, they were entered into the test match system. This involved a knockout match with the bottom team in the First Division, Newton Heath	Heath	PROPN	(	PUNCT	 (
Our trade is to grow as never before. Our people are to resume their old place as traders on the seven seas. We are to know other people better and make them all more and more our friends, working with them as mutually dependent factors in the	the	DET	growth	NOUN	 growth
The Battle of Tabsor began with an intense creeping bombardment, during which three infantry divisions of the XXI Corps attacked the Tabsor defences; the only continuous trench and redoubt system on the Ottoman front line. As they advanced, their left flank was protected by the 60th	60th	ADJ	Division	PROPN	 Division
Eleven laps later, Coulthard entered the pit lane, triggering the second round of pit stops. Ralf Schumacher and Barrichello made a pit stop on the following lap and rejoined behind Coulthard. Michael Schumacher and Häkkinen both made their pit stops on the 41st lap, with	with	ADP	Häkkinen	PROPN	 Häkkinen
McCain's capture and subsequent imprisonment began on October 26, 1967. He was flying his 23rd bombing mission over North Vietnam when his A 4E Skyhawk was shot down by a missile over Hanoi. McCain fractured both arms and a leg ejecting from the aircraft, and	and	CCONJ	nearly	ADV	 nearly
Urban renewal efforts in the 1970s transformed downtown Lawton. A number of buildings dating to the city's founding were demolished to build an enclosed shopping mall. On June 23, 1998, the city expanded when Lawton annexed neighboring Fort Sill. With the advent of the	the	DET	Base	PROPN	 Base
I did my best to disrupt every friend's home... Partly out of envy that I didn't have this so called home... but I did... There were five women that were my family. Five strong, intelligent, beautiful women, five sisters. One	One	PRON	happened	VERB	 happened
These are the oldest trains built for the system; they were introduced in 1987 and are still in operation. Sixty six trainsets consisting of six cars each and a single money trainset consisting of four cars were purchased. These trains are operated by SMRT Trains. These	These	DET	trains	NOUN	 trains
In much the same way that airpower transformed the battlefield of World War II, cyberspace has fractured the physical barriers that shield a nation from attacks on its commerce and communication. The field of digital forensics still faces unresolved issues. A 2009 paper, " Digital Forensic	Forensic	PROPN	Research	PROPN	 Research
" He added, " I asked the producer if we could leave out some of the big notes. We left them until the end and I was actually a bit scared by the noise that came out of me - I didn't know I could sound that	that	ADV	loud	ADJ	 loud
O'Reilly was reported to have become visibly enraged; he bowled Hardstaff next ball and then removed Hammond for a golden duck. This precipitated an English collapse to 123 all out, and O'Reilly ended with 5 / 56 and a total of 10 / 122. O'Reilly effort	effort	NOUN	proved	VERB	 proved
The shooting guard's offensive output was also erratic throughout the season, and the Raptors all but fell out of the playoffs picture by March. The Raptors eventually concluded the regular season with only 33 wins, with Parker suffering a significant drop in his numbers (shooting	shooting	VERB	percentage	NOUN	 percentage
Seoul was also the focal point of Korea's highway network. It also had several crucial connection points to the Soviet Union and China, but it was not designed for military traffic and the weather conditions made travel on the roads difficult. Overall the roads into Korea	Korea	PROPN	provided	VERB	 provided
Elsewhere, their main successes in 2009 were in small stage races, with Contador winning the Volta ao Algarve and the Vuelta al País Vasco as well as two stages in Paris – Nice, and Leipheimer winning the Tour of California and the Vuelta a Castilla y León	León	PROPN	.	PUNCT	.
Mina's repertoire at the beginning of her career included clumsy imitations of British and American rock and jazz songs, while her extra loud and syncopated version of the song " Nessuno " showcased her excellent sense of rhythm. Earlier in 1958, Domenico Modugno had caused astonishment	astonishment	NOUN	by	ADP	 by
Like the rest of the Alamogordo Bombing Range, it had been acquired by the government in 1942. The patented land had been condemned and grazing rights suspended. Scientists used this as a laboratory for testing bomb components. Bainbridge and Davalos drew up plans for a base	base	NOUN	camp	NOUN	 camp
The records of his auditions survive in the Archives Nationales in Paris. At his solfège audition on 3 July 1819, when he was just over 5 years 7 months, the examiners noted Alkan (who is referred to even at this early date as " Alkan (	(	PUNCT	Valentin	PROPN	Valentin
Unlike many other castles of the period, Beeston does not have a keep as its last line of defence. Instead the natural features of the land together with massive walls, strong gatehouses, and carefully positioned towers made the baileys themselves the stronghold. The defences consisted	consisted	VERB	of	ADP	 of
To seek to prevent any misappropriation of the charism of Antoine within the movement after his death, the Antoinist journal L ' Unitif published articles which presented Catherine as the legitimate successor and also redefined precisely the limits of the healers ' role. To avoid a succession crisis	crisis	NOUN	and	CCONJ	 and
Wells Fargo is the main tenant, occupying almost half the building. The former banking space at street level was converted to retail and restaurant space in 2000. Containing 465,000 square feet (43,000 m2) of space, One South Broad features a three story gallery lobby	lobby	NOUN	that	PRON	 that
(Augusta and Athens have excluded one or more small, incorporated towns within their consolidated boundaries, while Macon has excluded a small unincorporated area; Columbus eventually absorbed all smaller incorporated entities within its consolidated boundaries.) The small town of Cusseta adopted a consolidated city county	county	NOUN	government	NOUN	 government
Visually, the interior of the brain consists of areas of so called grey matter, with a dark color, separated by areas of white matter, with a lighter color. Further information can be gained by staining slices of brain tissue with a variety of chemicals that	that	PRON	bring	VERB	 bring
According to the Illuminated Chronicle, at " an assembly of the realm near Arad " in early to mid 1131, Queen Helena ordered the slaughter of all noblemen who were accused of having suggested the blinding of her husband to King Coloman. Béla distributed the goods of	of	ADP	the	DET	 the
A subsequent attempt to broker an agreement for the two nations to walk together during the March of Nations failed as well, despite their having done so during the 2000 and 2004 Games. On July 24, 2008, the International Olympic Committee (IOC) banned Iraq	Iraq	PROPN	from	ADP	 from
Tolkien also acknowledged several non Germanic influences or sources for some of his stories and ideas. Sophocles ' play Oedipus the King he cited as inspiring elements of The Silmarillion and The Children of Húrin. In addition, Tolkien first read William Forsell Kirby's translation of the	the	DET	Finnish	ADJ	 Finnish
In addition to this, the team felt limited by the previous generation's hardware. In response, they decided to make the next flagship installment on next generation hardware. At the time when a platform was chosen, the PlayStation 3 had yet to be shown to	to	ADP	the	DET	 the
Ex. ", or " the Wilkes Expedition "), an expedition sailed from Sydney, Australia, into the Antarctic Ocean, as it was then known, and reported the discovery " of an Antarctic continent west of the Balleny Islands " on 25 January 1840	1840	NUM	.	PUNCT	.
Written and produced by the singer and her frequent collaborator Lester Mendez, " Antes de las Seis " is one of the " romantic " songs from the album and is musically a Latin pop ballad. It features a simple piano and acoustic guitar supplemented beat over which	which	PRON	Shakira	PROPN	 Shakira
They concluded that while the song was " one of the album's most staunchly non commercial moments, but endlessly listenable just the same ". Nick Catucci from Entertainment Weekly chose " Haunted " as one of the best songs from the album, describing it as a	a	DET	"	PUNCT	 "
By July 2009, Scott was contracted to direct the film, and screenwriter Jon Spaihts was hired to write the script based on his pitched idea for a direct Alien prequel. With the director and writer in place, and pleased with Spaihts's pitch, Fox scheduled	scheduled	VERB	a	DET	 a
The road was engineered by Thomas Telford and opened in 1821. The pass carries the A57 road between Manchester and Sheffield, but it is no longer the main signposted route between those two cities. Like several other roads that cross the Pennines, Snake Pass has a	a	DET	poor	ADJ	 poor
He also described Satya's " slick, often mesmerizing " portrayal of the Mumbai underworld, which included gritty and realistic " brutality and urban violence, " directly influenced the portrayal of the Mumbai underworld in Slumdog Millionaire. Kashyap serves as the Member of board of the	the	DET	NGO	PROPN	 NGO
The design team was one of the recipients of the Innovation Award at the 5th annual Game Developers Choice Awards. I Love Bees was also announced as the winner of a Webby Award in the Game Related category, presented by the International Academy of Digital Arts and Sciences	Sciences	PROPN	.	PUNCT	.
In 2008, sustained exit temperatures of up to 407° C were recorded at one of these vents, with a peak recorded temperature of up to 464° C. These thermodynamic conditions exceed the critical point of seawater, and are the highest temperatures recorded to date from	from	ADP	the	DET	 the
After Thorne's death in 1948, the farm changed hands several times; in 1968 it became Stockbriar Farm, a beef feeding operation. Stockbriar sold the farmland to its current owners in 1979. The farm combined a practical American business model with the concept of a	a	DET	European	ADJ	 European
The museum also has a sculptured garden, an ice café and a teddy bear shop. Special events are arranged at Easter and Christmas. The Skagen Odde Nature Centre located close to the northern tip of the peninsula is a museum specially built to allow visitors to see	see	VERB	,	PUNCT	,
In 2003, it was reported that of the 54 farms on the moss, occupying 3,000 acres (1,214 ha), almost half the area of the bog, only three were growing vegetables. Others had turned to arable farming, turf growing or horse livery instead	instead	ADV	of	ADP	 of
Looking for a new headquarters Comcast asked Arden Group and Mariner Commercial Properties to work together and combine the properties into one building. The two developers briefly held discussions about combining the two sites, but by 2001 no agreement was reached and both developers had decided to move	move	VERB	on	ADP	 on
Ahsan Haque of IGN rated " Stewie Kills Lois " a 9 / 10, while rating " Lois Kills Stewie " a 9.4 / 10, saying " For the hundredth episode of Family Guy, Seth McFarlane and friends tackle the subject of one of Stewie Griffin's	's	PART	greatest	ADJ	 greatest
He took the role of Captain T. G. Culpeper in Kramer's comedy It's a Mad, Mad, Mad, Mad World (1963), a small but key part that he was able to complete in nine days. Tracy's name topped the list of	of	ADP	performers	NOUN	 performers
This group fully understand that the casual is not enough... This is one of the greatest singles of the year, a poor compliment. Unique and indispensable, like ' Blue Monday ' and ' Karma Chameleon ' – that's better! " A contemporary review in	in	ADP	The	DET	 The
The proposed freeway would cost $60 million. By 1970, construction took place on the route between CR 539 near Allentown and CR 527 in Jackson Township. The portion of I 195 between the New Jersey Turnpike and CR 527 was opened by 1973 and construction on	on	ADP	the	DET	 the
In total, 1,758 acceptable silver dollars were produced in 1794. Those which were deemed unsuitable for circulation were either melted or restruck in 1795. The 1,758 coins that were officially delivered by Chief Coiner Henry Voight, though acceptable, struck poorly due to the press that	that	PRON	was	AUX	 was
The Michigan Department of Transportation (MDOT) maintains M 45 like all other parts of the state trunkline highway system. As part of these responsibilities, the department tracks the volume of the traffic using its roadways which is expressed using a metric called average annual daily traffic	traffic	NOUN	(	PUNCT	 (
The final between India and England at Birmingham was reduced to 20 overs after a rain delay. India batted first and Kohli top scored with 43 from 34 balls, sharing a sixth wicket partnership of 47 runs off 33 balls with Ravindra Jadeja and helping India reach 129	129	NUM	/	SYM	 /
Heinz Field served as the home field of the Gotham Rogues in the 2012 film The Dark Knight Rises. An estimated 15,000 unpaid extras filled the stadium during shooting on August 6, 2011. On August 4, 2012, Heinz Field will host the Women's Football	Football	PROPN	Alliance	PROPN	 Alliance
But in contrast to this lack of development, the neurosciences are a rapidly progressing science complex that, in their view, can explain many cognitive processes that folk psychology can not. Folk psychology retains characteristics of now obsolete theories or legends from the past. Ancient societies	societies	NOUN	tried	VERB	 tried
On November 12, 2011, She made her first appearance in Singapore at Anime Festival Asia, Southeast Asia's largest anime and pop culture convention. She released her first solo single " Oath Sign " on November 23, 2011, which was used as the opening	opening	NOUN	theme	NOUN	 theme
Following the episode, the Ayn Rand Society called Groening to say they were amazed at the references to Rand. They also asked him if the show was making fun of them. In 1993, " A Streetcar Named Marge " and " Mr. Plow " were submitted	submitted	VERB	for	ADP	 for
Gurovich continues to identify them as Ferugliotherium on the basis of their size and provenance and other similarities between Ferugliotherium and multituberculates. Five putative lower molariforms of Ferugliotherium are known from the Los Alamitos Formation (MACN Pv RN 20, 174, 175, and 253 and MLP	MLP	PROPN	88	NUM	 88
A three part comic book adaptation with script by Chuck Dixon and Sean Deming and illustrated by David Wenzel was published by Eclipse Comics in 1989. In 1990 a one volume edition was released by Unwin Paperbacks. The cover was artwork by the original illustrator David Wenzel.	.	PUNCT	A	DET	 A
Estimates based on English records suggest that by the end of the Middle Ages, the Black Death and subsequent recurring outbreaks of the plague, may have caused the population of Scotland to fall as low as half a million people. Price inflation, which generally reflects growing	growing	VERB	demand	NOUN	 demand
Many who supported temperance in the colonies also supported the production of American wine at this time since the colonial form of temperance at the time was to drink only wine or beer instead of hard spirits. The Quartering Act of 1765, probably more than anything else,	,	PUNCT	stripped	VERB	 stripped
Cornell had lobbied the Illinois General Assembly to establish the South Park Commission. After his efforts succeeded in 1869, the South Park Board of Commissioners identified more than 1,000 acres (4.0 km2) south of Chicago for a large park and boulevards that would connect it with	with	ADP	downtown	NOUN	 downtown
In this tale, Vishnu assumes his female form (the name " Mohini " is not used) and charms Bhasmasura. The female Vishnu asks Bhasmasura to promise never to leave her by placing his hand on his head as per the usual practice to swear on one	one	PRON	's	PART	's
At the time, Wotton became one of 17 defendants, all males, charged in the Palm Island riots and was alleged to be the riot ringleader. At the Townsville Magistrate Court on 29 November, Wotton was charged with " arson (two counts), serious	serious	ADJ	assault	NOUN	 assault
Several ovules of a given individual often fail to produce seeds. One contributing factor is pollen limitation, and one study showed that open pollinated plants had 56% of their ovules produce seeds, while in hand pollinated individuals the figure was 66%. Plants with reduced	reduced	VERB	exposure	NOUN	 exposure
The Senate refused to ratify the Versailles pact. During the 1920 election campaign, Taft supported the Republican ticket, Harding (by then a senator) and Massachusetts Governor Calvin Coolidge; they were elected. Taft was among those asked to come to the president elect's	's	PART	home	NOUN	 home
Several hours after being named, the storm attained its initial peak intensity with winds of 75 km / h (45 mph 10 minute sustained) and a barometric pressure of 990 hPa (mbar). Around the same time, the JTWC upgraded the system to a	a	DET	tropical	ADJ	 tropical
She is voiced by Kana Hanazawa in Japanese and Maggie Flecknoe in English. Takao's mother Takao's 47 year old mother is divorced from Takao's father, and is focused more on her love life than her family life. She is voiced by Fumi Hirano in	in	ADP	Japanese	ADJ	 Japanese
With Bono and his wife Ali Hewson, the couple co own a 20 room villa in Èze in the Alpes Maritimes in the South of France, where they often meet with other celebrities. By 2010, Morleigh and Edge altogether had residences in Dublin, New York	York	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
The Washington Post stated that " no matter how they dressed it up, the Republicans ' opposition boiled down to old fashioned prejudice. " Dahlia Lithwick of Slate wrote that if Thorne Begland's previous advocacy for gay rights disqualified him from the bench, Thurgood Marshall's	's	PART	advocacy	NOUN	 advocacy
Taking this into consideration, he realized that a world record time would be needed to beat both Bolt and Powell at the Olympics; Gay aimed to run below 9.70 s. With athletes running such quick times, the US Anti Doping Agency (USADA) sought to counter	counter	VERB	claims	NOUN	 claims
The details of the interview were not released until after Ford's death, as he requested. Ford suffered two minor strokes at the 2000 Republican National Convention, but made a quick recovery after being admitted to Hahnemann University Hospital. In January 2006, he spent 11	11	NUM	days	NOUN	 days
" He puts his head between his legs once again as the credits roll. Similar to what they had done with other social issues and in developing their curriculum, the CTW researched the topic of death and how preschoolers understand it. The first step in their research	research	NOUN	process	NOUN	 process
In return for his cooperation, she promises to save his brother Dean from the Faustian deal he had made to resurrect Sam in the second season finale " All Hell Breaks Loose: Part 2 ". However, she refuses to tell Sam her motives. Though he	he	PRON	distrusts	VERB	 distrusts
Galactic habitable zone theory, however, has been criticized due to an inability to quantify accurately the factors making a region of the galaxy good for the emergence of life. In addition, computer simulations suggest that stars may change their orbits around the galactic center significantly,	,	PUNCT	therefore	ADV	 therefore
There is no seating behind the south end zone, but the area includes a 47 by 27 foot (14.3 m × 8.2 m) scoreboard and a 5 foot (1.5 m) bronze bust of an eagle. The bust is named " Spiriki ", and	and	CCONJ	was	AUX	 was
The BBC hailed Mitchell's performance in the series, citing that " As Mark Corrigan, David reached out to all those middle aged men in a twentysomething's body, who believe drugs are boring and systems are necessary if society is to function at all. "	"	PUNCT	Mitchell	PROPN	 Mitchell
The rainfall caused drainage and traffic problems. Damage in Massachusetts totaled to $400,000 (2001 USD, $520,000 2012 USD). Within weeks of the disaster, President George W. Bush declared 75 counties in Texas, southern Louisiana, southern Mississippi, northwestern Florida,	,	PUNCT	and	CCONJ	 and
Reports in the news media of dinosaur finds and dinosaur science are often inaccurate and sensationalistic, and popular dinosaur books usually lag scientific understanding. Dinosaur toys and models are often inaccurate, packaged indiscriminately with other prehistoric animals, or have fictitious additions like the large sharp teeth	teeth	NOUN	in	ADP	 in
In total, the project cost for 22 vessels and associated support was A $155.25 million. The RAN never operated the Pacific class patrol boat (PPB), although the project has given the RAN a number of advantages in the Pacific region. The introduction of	of	ADP	self	NOUN	 self
) at midnight on 1 January 1999, when the national currencies of participating countries (the eurozone) ceased to exist independently. Their exchange rates were locked at fixed rates against each other. The euro thus became the successor to the European Currency Unit (ECU)	)	PUNCT	.	PUNCT	.
In June 2013, Ferreira starred in the short film IRL playing Angel, which has been described as " an eye opening look into the reality of young life in New York ". That month, she again renamed her debut studio album I Will, and stated	stated	VERB	that	SCONJ	 that
Players " earn " and " spend " DKP, bidding in a system of auctions for an item which holds some value for them. DKP are referred to as " currency " a guild leader pays his " employees ". Despite these analogies, DKP remain a	a	DET	kind	NOUN	 kind
The exterior sculptures created by Sala were made out of cement. Production of the cement was by the « For » company of which Gorodetsky was the co director. Cement was used exclusively as the primary building material by the request of the company's head director,	,	PUNCT	Richter	PROPN	 Richter
The marriage of her parents was unhappy. The Duke was taciturn, unfaithful, prone to drinking and emotionally detached from his family. Victoria's mother was independent minded and cultured. Although she was unsentimental and strict, the Duchess was a devoted mother and the most	most	ADV	important	ADJ	 important
Henri Fleisch noticed an Upper Paleolithic level with further finds including polished Neolithic pieces, primitive potsherds, burned bones and end scrapers. Jacques Cauvin noted similarities in these finds to the Néolithique Moyen period of Byblos. Evidence of later occupation included a Chalcolithic tripod pot found by	by	ADP	Father	PROPN	 Father
By mid afternoon, close to 10,000 German troops had escaped through the corridor. Despite being overwhelmed by strong counterattacks, Polish forces continued to hold the high ground on Mont Ormel, which they referred to as " The Mace " (Maczuga), exacting a deadly	deadly	ADJ	toll	NOUN	 toll
She was also a great believer in the beneficial effects of fresh air, insisting that her horses ' top stable doors were permanently left open. She was vehemently opposed to the vaccination of horses against equine influenza, and challenged a Jockey Club decision to make vaccination compulsory	compulsory	ADJ	.	PUNCT	.
One of the first analyses using cladistic methods found it to be linked with Anatosaurus (= Anatotitan) and Shantungosaurus in an informal " edmontosaur " clade, which was paired with the spike crested " saurolophs " and more distantly related to the " brachylophosaurs " and arch snouted	snouted	VERB	"	PUNCT	 "
For comparison, Neptune's mass equals 17 Earth masses, Jupiter has 318 Earth masses, and the 13 Jupiter mass limit used in the IAU's working definition of an exoplanet equals approximately 4000 Earth masses. Another way of forming massive solid planets is when a white	white	ADJ	dwarf	NOUN	 dwarf
The cycle is biennial off Aldabra, where intense competition within and between species for food may constrain females to only bearing young every other year. Earlier accounts from the Indian Ocean by Johnson (1978), Madagascar by Fourmanoir (1961), and the Red Sea	Sea	PROPN	by	ADP	 by
Despite this, some Kelowna residents choose the Kamloops Airport over their local airport. The airport is located on 3035 Airport Road in the Brocklehurst neighbourhood of north Kamloops, 5 nautical miles (9 km; 6 mi) west northwest of city centre and Selkirk Mountains,	,	PUNCT	situated	VERB	 situated
Their sound was originally defined by mainstream country, bluegrass, and rock influences, but later albums drew more influence from Christian country music and country pop. In 1982, Matt Davenport and Danny Gregg founded a band at Opryland USA, a former country music based amusement	amusement	NOUN	park	NOUN	 park
To prevent the tainted name " Archaeoraptor " from entering paleornithological literature, this redescription assigned the name to that part of the chimeric specimen least likely to be classified under Aves, rather than to the portion which was later shown to represent a true bird species. Olson	Olson	PROPN	presumed	VERB	 presumed
Heavy equipment was prepared, and crews prepared to go to work after Hickel gave permission and the snow melted. Before Hickel could act, however, several Alaska Native and conservation groups asked a judge in Washington, D.C. to issue an injunction against the project continuing.	.	PUNCT	Several	ADJ	 Several
An aspect that worried Fujisaka during the early stages was the decision to have the characters able to change their clothing: their original appearances had been designed in relation to their lines, and while designing extra outfits proved difficult, he ultimately enjoyed the experience. Fujisaka also	also	ADV	worked	VERB	 worked
Spears designed a limited edition clothing line for Candie's, which was released in stores in July 2010. In September 2010, she made a cameo appearance on a Spears themed tribute episode of American TV show Glee, titled " Britney / Brittany ". The episode	episode	NOUN	drew	VERB	 drew
Calves are born with only a thin layer of blubber, but some species compensate for this with lanugos. Porpoises have a two chambered stomach that is similar in structure to those of terrestrial carnivores. They have fundic and pyloric chambers. Porpoises have two flippers on the	the	DET	front	NOUN	 front
Traveling north, US 395 traversed much of the path of modern SR 163 and I 15 to Poway Road, where it routed to the east along much of today's Pomerado Road to Lake Hodges, with various realignments over the years. Portions of Pomerado Road today	today	NOUN	are	AUX	 are
A Halo based character, SPARTAN Nicole 458, appeared in Dead or Alive 4, a product of the collaboration between Tecmo's Team Ninja and Microsoft's Bungie Studios. The Halo theme tune was also available as downloadable content for Guitar Hero III: Legends of Rock	Rock	PROPN	.	PUNCT	.
" The Music Journal described the album as " certainly brash, lively and down to earth. Thoroughly infectious too. " Regarding the composition of the songs, Stereo Review wrote: " Billy Joe Shaver songs have [Jennings] in a corral if not in a	a	DET	box	NOUN	 box
As well as delays for the ferry, traffic could also be held due to bridges with the Royal Albert and King George V Docks. The road was originally planned to be a continuation of the M11, but the standard of road was dropped in design to a	a	DET	basic	ADJ	 basic
This cuisine is based on fresh vegetables, fish (especially salmon, trout, oysters, mussels and other shellfish), as well as traditional soda breads and the wide range of hand made cheeses that are now being produced across the country. The potato remains however	however	ADV	a	DET	 a
Due to limited access to victims and labour camp facilities, however, many specific reports of abuses are difficult to independently corroborate. China has had an organ transplantation programme since the 1960s. It is one of the largest organ transplant programmes in the world, peaking at	at	ADP	over	ADP	 over
It was formed under the command of Generalmajor (Brigadier) Emil Zellner, with the Knight's Cross of the Iron Cross recipient Oberst (Colonel) Alois Windisch commanding the 383rd (Croatian) Grenadier Regiment and Oberst Boicetta commanding the 384th (Croatian) Grenadier Regiment.	.	PUNCT	All	DET	 All
Grossmith also wrote, composed, and performed in several one man drawing room sketches, short comic operas or monologues that were given at the Opera Comique or the Savoy Theatre in place of the companion pieces when shorter matinee programmes were playing. These works included Beauties on	on	ADP	the	DET	 the
Gordon chooses not to pursue Batman, believing he can help the city. In a radio interview during the credits, Quincy Sharp says he will lobby to reopen Arkham Asylum to house the city's worst criminals; after the credits, an imprisoned Deathstroke is approached by	by	ADP	Amanda	PROPN	 Amanda
The Armstrong Drug Store would later go through multiple owners until its closing on December 10, 1993. Armstrong married Margaret Irene McFarlane in 1893 at Greenock (Bruce County), Ontario. They had one daughter, Helen Laverne Armstrong. After Margaret died, George remarried	remarried	VERB	to	ADP	 to
At 9: 35 Beatty signalled " Engage the corresponding ships in the enemy's line ", but Captain Pelly, believing that Indomitable was already engaging Blücher, fired at Seydlitz, as did Lion, which left Moltke free to continue attacking Lion without risk. In	In	ADP	the	DET	 the
Communications throughout the affected area was disrupted or rendered impossible. The total amount of damage was $2 million (1939 USD, $26.2 million 2005 USD). The tropical storm was credited with at least one beneficial effect: it ended a vicious heat wave that	that	PRON	had	AUX	 had
Most commonly the grey currawong probes the ground for prey, but sometimes chases more mobile animals. It has been recorded removing insects from parked cars, as well as employing the zirkeln method, where it inserts its bill in a crack or under a rock and uses	uses	VERB	it	PRON	 it
The pair lived together until 1975. They appeared in other films together, including Martin Scorsese's Boxcar Bertha. In 1972, they appeared together in a nude Playboy spread, recreating some sex scenes from Boxcar Bertha. That year, Hershey gave birth to their son	son	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
(See Map 7.) Similarly, in addition to allegedly receiving a signet ring and a Royal State Sword or Sword of State, a consequence of the diplomatic mission sent to Aurangzeb in 1700 was formal subordination to Mughal authority and a requirement to pay annual taxes	taxes	NOUN	;	PUNCT	;
The album spent its first six weeks in the top ten, out of a total of fifty two chart weeks. Infinity on High also opened at number one on Billboard's Rock Albums, Tastemaker Albums, and Digital Albums charts, with over 27,000 digital sales making	making	VERB	up	ADP	 up
Nadal and Federer faced each other five times in 2007, and Federer won three of their matches. For the second straight year, Federer and Nadal played in three finals on clay. Nadal won the first meeting in straight sets, winning his third consecutive Monte Carlo	Carlo	PROPN	title	NOUN	 title
1800 BC), the lector priest Unasemsaf and his family were involved in the cult of Unas. In spite of this, Unas ' funerary complex was partially dismantled and its materials reemployed for the construction of Amenemhat I and Senusret I own pyramid complexes. In addition	addition	NOUN	to	ADP	 to
He was criticised by the Magistrate for the way he conducted his case and for " rudely interrupting " Mrs Moore's barrister. According to Boycott, Moore had grown angry when he refused to marry her, stating that " he was not the marrying kind " and	and	CCONJ	had	AUX	 had
During the day, individuals sometimes lie up in burrows but at other times rest on piles of rocks or sun themselves while lying, facing the sun, in shallow water with their backs exposed. Cuvier's dwarf caiman is mainly nocturnal. Adults feed on fish,	,	PUNCT	amphibians	NOUN	 amphibians
Following the release of a version excluding the content, the rating was reverted to M. In May 2006, The Elder Scrolls IV: Oblivion had its rating changed from T to M due to " more detailed depictions of blood and gore than were considered in the original	original	ADJ	rating	NOUN	 rating
The two inner tracks not next to either platform are used by express trains; Track 1 is usually used by northbound express trains, while Track 2 is usually used by southbound express trains. All of the tracks are powered with a third rail, except Track 1	1	NUM	.	PUNCT	.
The song impacted modern rock radio in the United States on June 3, 2014. A remix by Dan Heath — who produced Del Rey's " Blue Jeans " (2012) — was premiered by Vice on May 19, 2014. A shorter mix by Auerbach	Auerbach	PROPN	which	PRON	 which
They intermarried with local people, resulting in formation of the Muslim Mappila community. In the 4th century, some Christians also migrated from Persia and joined the early Syrian Christian community who trace their origins to the evangelistic activity of Thomas the Apostle in the 1st century.	.	PUNCT	Mappila	PROPN	 Mappila
Cinquemani later went on to say: " It's a step up from bras that shoot whipped cream and fireworks, but this is ultimately Sigimondi's vision, and it's far from her finest five minutes. " At the 2011 MTV Video Music Awards, the	the	DET	video	NOUN	 video
I was just hoping for the best. I never got an extraordinary reaction from the public but it was everywhere, so constant recognition. It was pretty amazing but I never saw it the way he sees it but I can see his point of view. I	I	PRON	never	ADV	 never
In 1997, Oakland Avenue in Dallas, Texas, was renamed Malcolm X Boulevard. Main Street in Lansing, Michigan, was renamed Malcolm X Street in 2010. Dozens of schools have been named after Malcolm X, including Malcolm X Shabazz High School in Newark,	,	PUNCT	New	PROPN	 New
Valdez, whose mother immigrated from the Dominican Republic, was a communications specialist. Valdez's most significant work was with Division's Counter Improvised Explosive Device Working Group. The success of the tests conducted by CIEDWG was in a large part attributed to Valdez's knowledge of	of	ADP	single	ADJ	 single
Smaller reintroductions have been done elsewhere and the current breeding population in Sweden is believed to be primarily the result of a series of reintroductions. Conversely to numerous threats and declines incurred by Eurasian eagle owls, areas where human dependent non native prey species such as brown rats	rats	NOUN	(	PUNCT	 (
An article in FACTA underlined the sceptics ' views, saying " The fact that the company picked a bottom ranking foreign executive director with virtually no significant responsibilities from amongst a total pool of 25 potential candidates, including the vice president who was responsible for medical instruments...	...	PUNCT	set	VERB	 set
In addition he preached as the imam of the Ibrahim Ibn Adham Mosque. Following his return to Jableh, al Qassam commenced a program of Islamic revival based on moral reforms which included the encouragement of maintaining regular salaah (prayer) and the sawm (fasting) during	during	ADP	Ramadan	PROPN	 Ramadan
In a similar effort, the Ducks additionally acquired enforcers Stu Grimson and Jim McKenzie during the off season. During his recovery, Kariya was outspoken regarding the culture of the league regarding excessive physicality, as well as the lack of deterrence. In an article from the	the	DET	Sporting	PROPN	 Sporting
Microsoft also partnered with Pizza Hut branches in the United Kingdom; people who entered the contest via an official website had a chance of winning Halo 4 themed prizes. The contest was open from October 22, 2012, until December 30, 2012; entering participants also	also	ADV	received	VERB	 received
Gilbert designated the Nice specimen as the lectotype that would define S. tudes, having priority over the Cayenne specimen (the paralectotype). This was meant to stabilize the name but had the opposite effect. In 1981, Jean Cadenat and Jacques Blache revisited the type specimens	specimens	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
The short coda maintains the tonic key and mainly soft dynamics, achieving a resolution of the movement's conflicts and ending pianissimo. Slow second movement, in a key different from the tonic, and in A – B – A (ternary) or A – B	B	NOUN	–	PUNCT	 –
Other invasive species also have affected the Santa Ana River. One of the most prominent is the brown headed cowbird, which feeds off parasites and insects identified with cattle, which were brought to Southern California during the Spanish Rancho period. The brown headed cowbird is a	a	DET	"	PUNCT	 "
A selection of enemies from Half Life populate the game, including alien creatures such as headcrabs and Vortigaunts. A variety of new alien non player characters, labelled " Race X ", appear in the game as well, often engaging in combat with the aliens from	from	ADP	Xen	PROPN	 Xen
In his will, Chetham left over £8,000 from his estate (which was worth about £14,000 in total) to establish a hospital school for 40 poor local boys, between the ages of six and ten from " honest " families, who should be taught	taught	VERB	and	CCONJ	 and
It has not succeeded in capitalizing on the renewed interest in socialism and does not operate as a cohesive entity in the manner of the prior internationals. The FI suffered a major split in 1940 and an even more significant split in 1953. A partial reunification occurred in	in	ADP	1963	NUM	 1963
However, Nobel laureate Rabindranath Tagore (1861 – 1941), focusing on the literal meaning of " unploughed, " interpreted Ahalya as a symbol of stone like, infertile land that was made cultivable by Rama. Delhi University professor Bharati Jhaveri concurs with Tagore, interpreting	interpreting	VERB	Ahalya	PROPN	 Ahalya
Aspects of Schopenhauerian doctrine found their way into Wagner's subsequent libretti. A second source of inspiration was Wagner's infatuation with the poet writer Mathilde Wesendonck, the wife of the silk merchant Otto Wesendonck. Wagner met the Wesendoncks, who were both great admirers of his	his	PRON	music	NOUN	 music
Finally, Durkheim's own son, André, died on the war front in December 1915 — a loss from which Durkheim never recovered. Emotionally devastated, Durkheim collapsed of a stroke in Paris on November 15, 1917. He was buried at the Montparnasse Cemetery in	in	ADP	Paris	PROPN	 Paris
Peter Travers of Rolling Stone wrote that Hugh Jackman heavily improved his performance, concluding " X2 is a summer firecracker. It's also a tribute to outcasts, teens, gays, minorities, even Dixie Chicks. " Empire called X2 the best comic book movie of	of	ADP	all	DET	 all
Because of its severe damage on Vanuatu, the name Ivy was retired following its usage. In the middle of February 2004, a monsoon trough formed in the southwest Pacific Ocean during the middle of a Madden – Julian oscillation pulse. A low pressure area developed along	along	ADP	the	DET	 the
Fortier agreed to testify against McVeigh and Nichols in exchange for a reduced sentence and immunity for his wife. He was sentenced on May 27, 1998 to twelve years in prison and fined $75,000 for failing to warn authorities about the attack. On January 20,	,	PUNCT	2006	NUM	 2006
The key part of the master plan is to refurbish and change the use of the Listed Building as a conference facility. " The application stated that this would replace the University's conference centre at Chilworth Manor. To pay for the demolition of the 1960s extension,	,	PUNCT	the	DET	 the
She asked the school board to administer all 12 of her examinations at once, and she received her high school diploma that same day. When the Germans arrived, they took her to an assembly point for Amsterdam Jews, but she managed to enter the building without	without	ADP	being	AUX	 being
Lions received mixed reviews; although the overall sound of the album generally garnered praise, a frequent complaint was the lack of " memorable " songs. The critics who rated Lions lowest considered it a poor imitation of the band's influences, such as Led Zeppelin.	.	PUNCT	The	DET	 The
Ideally, it should embrace all the peoples of the Earth who, ideally, should all be members of the one true Christian Church, its own Orthodox Church. Just as man was made in God's image, so man's kingdom on Earth was made in	in	ADP	the	DET	 the
It grows to a carapace width of 110 mm (4.3 in) on Ascension Island, where it is the largest native land animal. It exists in two distinct colour morphs, one yellow and one purple, with few intermediates. The yellow morph dominates on Ascension	Ascension	PROPN	Island	PROPN	 Island
A strong force under Muraviev and Nostitz occupied positions on both sides of the road towards Cracow, near Rakowiec. The screening force included the Grenadier Brigade (ca. 1700 infantry, 16 guns), Cuirasseur Brigade (ca. 1300 cavalry, 16 guns),	,	PUNCT	Guard	PROPN	 Guard
The autograph of the resulting 1900 version does not survive, and critics have speculated whether Fauré, who was not greatly interested in orchestration, delegated some or all of the revision to one of his pupils. Many details of the augmented score differ from Fauré's own	own	ADJ	earlier	ADJ	 earlier
The decision to sell the franchise came on the same day that Joy filed a $25 million claim against Hugh's estate. Hugh had paid $16 million for the franchise, which was now valued at $142 million. With Barnett Bank filing claims for $	$	SYM	20.8	NUM	20.8
Meg's minimalistic drumming style was a prominent part of the band's sound. Meg never had formal drum lessons. She played Ludwig Drums with Paiste cymbals, and says her pre show warm up consisted of " whiskey and Red Bull. " Jack downplayed criticisms of	of	ADP	her	PRON	 her
He tied with Diamond for the league lead in losses, ranked sixth in the league in walks, led the league in runs allowed (103), and ranked third in the league in earned runs allowed (92, behind Thad Weber's 95 and Corey Kluber	Kluber	PROPN	's	PART	's
However, in 2009, Mups were shown to be associated with the regulation of energy expenditure in mice. Scientists found that genetically induced obese, diabetic mice produce thirty times less Mup RNA than their lean siblings. When they delivered Mup protein directly into the bloodstream of	of	ADP	these	DET	 these
He initially served as an observer and later as pilot in Kampfgeschwader 1 (KG 1) and Kampfgeschwader 51 (KG 51). With these units he fought in the Battle of France, Battle of Britain and Operation Barbarossa, the German invasion of the Soviet Union	Union	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
" i09 later named the scene one of " The Best Television Moments of 2011 ". John Farrier from Neatorama wrote, " It ’ s hard for Bronies to get respect from some quarters, but [the closing Star Wars parody] scene alone says much in	in	ADP	favor	NOUN	 favor
Angle brackets, 〈 〉, indicate that there is a sequence of runes that can not be interpreted with certainty. Other special signs are þ and ð, where the first one is the thorn letter which represents a voiceless dental fricative as th in English thing.	.	PUNCT	The	DET	 The
It also did well internationally, earning over ₹ 1.08 billion (US $16 million), the second biggest Bollywood success ever in the overseas market. The Deccan Herald opined that Kapoor " brings a dollop of sunshine and feminine grace to an otherwise masculine tale.	.	PUNCT	She	PRON	 She
In addition to taxes, officials who had fallen into disrepute were likely to have their land and property confiscated by the Sultan. Education was another important area for the Sultan. Schools attached to mosques and funded by religious foundations provided a largely free education to Muslim boys	boys	NOUN	in	ADP	 in
Such restrictions had their origins dating back to colonial times, and were found throughout the United States. After the end of legal slavery in the North and then later in the South after the Civil War, most freedmen continued to live at little more than a subsistence	subsistence	NOUN	level	NOUN	 level
Trains on this line used the western platforms, and often operated loop services to and from Bristol Temple Meads via Clifton Down. From 1928, trains could also run loop services via Clifton Down, Severn Beach and Patchway. As well as being useful for passengers changing	changing	VERB	trains	NOUN	 trains
In the 1920s, the Fergusons sold the home to the Pearson family, and it served as the Pearson Funeral Home until the mid 1970s. The house also provided the headquarters for John Y. Brown, Jr. ' s successful 1979 gubernatorial campaign. In 1986, the	the	DET	mansion	NOUN	 mansion
On a trip to the US in May 1953 Fleming used his five day travelling time on RMS Queen Elizabeth to correct the proofs of the novel. Fleming intended the book to have a more serious tone than his debut novel, and he initially considered making the story	story	NOUN	a	DET	 a
Hurricane force gusts affected Rhode Island, peaking at 92 mph (148 km / h) in Westerly. The winds uprooted thousands of trees and caused widespread roof damage. About 300,000 people statewide lost power, the greatest since the Northeast blackout of 1965. Coastal flooding	flooding	NOUN	was	AUX	 was
" Stay as far away from special effects and explosives as you can. " Minutes later confusion among the crew over the word " Vaya! " resulted in a premature explosion that could have killed Wallach. I wanted to play it with an economy of words and	and	CCONJ	create	VERB	 create
Diarra was a regular within the team playing alongside the likes of Owen Hargreaves, Philip Lahm, Bastian Schweinsteiger, and Zvjezdan Misimović. In his first season with the reserve team, he appeared in 28 matches scoring four goals. Diarra's influence in the team was	was	AUX	immediate	ADJ	 immediate
This delineation is inadequate (as they note) over the age of the Solar System, since bodies " trapped in resonances " could " pass from a scattering phase to a non scattering phase (and vice versa) numerous times ". That is, trans Neptunian	Neptunian	ADJ	objects	NOUN	 objects
Sebaceous glands are also found in hairless areas (glabrous skin) of the eyelids, nose, penis, labia minora, the inner mucosal membrane of the cheek, and nipples. Some sebaceous glands have unique names. Sebaceous glands on the lip and mucosa of the	the	DET	cheek	NOUN	 cheek
They comprise the extant families Odobenidae (whose only living member is the walrus), Otariidae (the eared seals: sea lions and fur seals), and Phocidae (the earless seals, or true seals). There are 33 extant species of pinnipeds, and	and	CCONJ	more	ADJ	 more
" At 21 years old, the now famous Hill was still living at home with her parents. She had been enrolled at Columbia University during this period, and considered majoring in history as she became a sophomore, but left after about a year of total studies	studies	NOUN	once	SCONJ	 once
The station carries a news, talk, and sports format. WINC serves Winchester along with Frederick and Clarke counties in Virginia. Launched on June 26, 1941, by Richard Field Lewis, Jr., WINC was Winchester's first radio station. It remained in the	the	DET	hands	NOUN	 hands
Other services that are available include assistance from Nissan dealers to customers in the installation of charging facilities in their homes. Nissan committed to install 200 volt regular chargers at 2,200 Nissan dealers nationwide before December 2010; about 200 dealers would also have quick charging facilities that provide	provide	VERB	80	NUM	 80
Apple claims copyright interests in multiple products and processes and owns and licenses patents of various types as well and, while it states it generally does not license its patent portfolio, it does work with third parties having an interest in product interoperability. Steve Jobs alone was	was	AUX	a	DET	 a
The colonial settlement of large numbers of Scottish American, English American and Scotch Irish Americans in the mountains and piedmont, and coastal settlement by some English Americans and African Americans, have strongly influenced the state's culture in food, language and music. The concentration of	of	ADP	Africans	PROPN	 Africans
Head coach José Maria Pedroto oversaw Porto's victory over Braga in the 1977 Portuguese Cup final, which ensured the club's participation in the 1977 – 78 Cup Winners ' Cup. After overcoming Köln in the first round, Porto met Manchester United for the first time	time	NOUN	in	ADP	 in
In its original American broadcast on May 19, 2002, " The Frying Game " received a 6.2 rating, according to Nielsen Media Research, translating to approximately 6.5 million viewers. The episode finished in 46th place in the ratings for the week of May 13 –	–	PUNCT	19	NUM	 19
Throughout the United Kingdom, Easter and Christmas, the " two most important events in the Christian calendar ", are recognised as public holidays. Christianity remains the major religion of the population of the United Kingdom in the 21st century, followed by Islam, Hinduism,	,	PUNCT	Sikhism	PROPN	 Sikhism
The ship was found to have been approximately as efficient as the British Revenge class battleships. The ship's armor system was extensively investigated; the British team concluded that the ship had not been modified to incorporate the lessons from the Battle of Jutland of 31 May –	–	PUNCT	1	NUM	 1
A right handed batsman, he is best known for captaining the English team during the 1932 – 33 Ashes tour of Australia. During that series, England employed " Bodyline " tactics against the Australian batsmen, wherein bowlers pitched the ball short on the line of leg	leg	NOUN	stump	NOUN	 stump
The test is believed to have taken place at Mantapsan in the vicinity of P ’ unggyeri (Korean: 풍계리), which was the site of the nuclear test held in 2006. Analysts have generally agreed that the nuclear test was successful, despite uncertainty of the	the	DET	exact	ADJ	 exact
When the royal charter arrived from England in 1663, Benedict Arnold became the first Governor of the colony, and served as either president or governor for a total of 11 years. The third child and youngest daughter, Joanna (1617 – after 11 February 1693)	)	PUNCT	,	PUNCT	,
Richard sparked the Richard Riot in March 1955 when he was suspended for attacking a linesman. The incident highlighted growing tensions between French Quebec and English Canada, and is regarded as one of the first manifestations of Quebec's Quiet Revolution. In 1959, Jacques Plante revolutionized	revolutionized	VERB	the	DET	 the
While a student, he was commissioned to draw a series of preparatory sketches for the bell tower of his hometown's main church. From 1877 to 1882, Jovanović honed his artistic skills at Vienna's Academy of Fine Arts, studying under Christian Griepenkerl and Leopold Müller	Müller	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
After Lips is reported missing, Tracy interrogates his three hired guns Flattop, Itchy, and Mumbles, then goes to the club to arrest Big Boy for Lips ' murder. Breathless is the only witness. Instead of providing testimony, she unsuccessfully attempts to seduce Tracy	Tracy	PROPN	.	PUNCT	.
During the operation, Ostfriesland was the lead ship in I Squadron's I Division and the ninth ship in the line, directly astern of the fleet flagship Friedrich der Grosse and ahead of her sister Thüringen. I Squadron was the center of the German line, behind	behind	ADP	the	DET	 the
[...] this Court recognized long ago that, whatever else they may have encompassed, the badges and incidents of slavery -- its " burdens and disabilities " -- included restraints upon " those fundamental rights which are the essence of civil freedom, namely, the same	same	ADJ	right	NOUN	 right
" He died of a heart attack, aged 58, during a visit to Germany in July 1964, telling an interviewer shortly before his death: " An accident of life placed the fate of one million human beings on my shoulders. I eat and sleep and	and	CCONJ	think	VERB	 think
" There are, however, significant differences between author and character. Haley is both an academic and a writer of fiction, while McEwan has been a professional author for his entire career. The intelligence agency plot is also completely fictional; there was never a scheme	scheme	NOUN	such	ADJ	 such
Thousands of officials in the province oversaw flood preparations. Public transportation across Fujian Province was temporarily suspended as well. The local airport in Xiamen shut down late on October 2 as rain bands from the storm began impacting the area. Throughout Fujian, more than 120 flights	flights	NOUN	were	AUX	 were
" Six vaccines (MMR, varicella, influenza, hepatitis B, tetanus, meningococcal) are recognized as a cause for anaphylaxis, and HPV may cause anaphylaxis as well. Many foods can trigger anaphylaxis; this may occur upon the first known ingestion. Common triggering	triggering	VERB	foods	NOUN	 foods
This version was used as the audio sound to the film San Francisco, which was made by a friend of Barrett's, Anthony Stern. While film maker Peter Whitehead and his secondhand Stern were having a discussion, the topic about Pink Floyd was brought about by	by	ADP	Stern	PROPN	 Stern
It lives in slow moving fresh waters, from southern Canada to Louisiana and northern Mexico, and from the Atlantic to the Pacific. The turtle is the only species of the genus Chrysemys, which is part of the pond turtle family Emydidae. Fossils show that the	the	DET	painted	VERB	 painted
Construction on the modern Niagara Parkway began in 1908; it was completed from Lake Erie to Lake Ontario in 1931 as a scenic road with gardens and manicured lawns throughout its length. The parkway was referred to by Sir Winston Churchill, having been driven down it,	,	PUNCT	as	ADP	 as
Confusion with another edible lookalike, Pleurotus ostreatus, common in the Northern Hemisphere and cultivated commercially, has been the source for at least one case of poisoning reported in the literature. Omphalotus nidiformis occurs in two disjunct ranges in southern Australia. In southwest Western Australia,	,	PUNCT	it	PRON	 it
This may have been a letter from Pope Adeodatus I, commanding Laurence to stay in Kent. Kirby goes on to argue that it was Justus, not Laurence, who converted Eadbald, and this while Justus was archbishop, sometime around 624. Not all historians agree	agree	VERB	with	ADP	 with
In its original broadcast, " The Two Mrs. Nahasapeemapetilons " finished 22nd in ratings for the week of November 10 16, 1997, with a Nielsen rating of 11.6, equivalent to approximately 11.4 million viewing households. It was the third highest rated show on the Fox	Fox	PROPN	network	NOUN	 network
Growing homesick at Hancock, he walked 12 miles (19 km) back to his home one Sunday. His father fed him dinner and drove him part of the distance back to school before kicking him out of the carriage and ordering him to walk the rest of	of	ADP	the	DET	 the
870. Hugh Kennedy sums up the arrangement thus: " al Muwaffaq assured their status and their position as the army of the caliphate and al Muwaffaq's role in the civil administration meant that they received their pay ". Al Muwaffaq's close personal relationship with the	the	DET	Turkish	ADJ	 Turkish
The play of such visual metaphors throughout gives the film a world class feel, the kind of stuff you usually see in Iranian cinema. " Another review from The Telegraph says: " Sudeep Chatterjee's cinematography is excellent. He composes and constructs stylised but simple images	images	NOUN	which	PRON	 which
It has been argued that St Edmund's story was informed by common Celtic and Germanic notions of sacred kingship. Comparable kings who also embodied theories of divinely ordained rule, rightful sovereignty and the binding links between king, land and society, include: Conaire Mór,	,	PUNCT	Cormac	PROPN	 Cormac
Bassist Dee Dee Ramone wrote of Spector's obsessive recording techniques: " Phil would sit in the control room and would listen through the headphones to Marky hit one note on the drum, hour after hour, after hour, after hour. " During the recording of	of	ADP	"	PUNCT	 "
For these reasons, the nature test was satisfied. The Court of Appeal clarified in Manjit Singh s / o Kirpal Singh v. Attorney General (2013) that if the power exercised by a body has a legislative source, this will " ordinarily mean that it is	is	AUX	amenable	ADJ	 amenable
From the 1770s, following the example of the French and Spanish, amateur collectors were supplemented by official horticultural and botanical plant hunters. This was the great era of European, and especially British, imperialism which was " the means by which ideas, knowledge, styles	styles	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
" It was reported in the media that Davis put his wife's overcoat over his shoulders while fleeing. This led to the persistent rumor that he attempted to flee in women's clothes, inspiring caricatures that portrayed him as such. Over 40 years later, an	an	DET	article	NOUN	 article
In 2001, the park was visited by a total of 2.1 million people. In Amusement Today's annual Golden Ticket Awards, Wildfire ranked in the top 50 steel roller coasters three times. In 2003 it debuted at position 40, before dropping to 46 in 2004	2004	NUM	and	CCONJ	 and
This edition of the Third Saturday in October was a defensive struggle with a surprise finish as the Crimson Tide defeated the Tennessee Volunteers 12 – 10. In a defensive struggle for both teams, Leigh Tiffin was 4 for 4 on field goals and accounted for all of	of	ADP	Alabama	PROPN	 Alabama
Genetics experiments on even simpler systems like tobacco mosaic virus and bacteriophage, aided by the new technologies of electron microscopy and ultracentrifugation, forced scientists to re evaluate the literal meaning of life; virus heredity and reproducing nucleoprotein cell structures outside the nucleus (" plasmagenes ")	)	PUNCT	complicated	VERB	 complicated
This district is fully contained within Ohio's 1st congressional district. It is also (along with districts 32 and 33) part of Ohio Senate district 9, which encompasses the south central portion of Hamilton County. Driehaus did not have an opponent in any of his	his	PRON	Democratic	ADJ	 Democratic
The Montgomery Police Commissioner, L. B. Sullivan, sued the Times for libel, stating that the advertisement damaged his reputation. The Supreme Court unanimously reversed the $500,000 judgment against the Times. Justice Brennan suggested that public officials may sue for libel only if the publisher	publisher	NOUN	published	VERB	 published
After the election, Arthur worked in vain to persuade Garfield to fill certain positions with his fellow New York Stalwarts — especially that of the Secretary of the Treasury; the Stalwart machine received a further rebuke when Garfield appointed Blaine, Conkling's arch enemy, as Secretary	Secretary	PROPN	of	ADP	 of
Trade and warfare Owing to the scarcity of evidence dating to Unas ' reign, we know very little about his activities. Existing trade relations with foreign countries and cities, in particular Byblos, seem to have continued during Unas ' time on the throne. Reliefs from	from	ADP	the	DET	 the
Captive raccoons douse their food more frequently when a watering hole with a layout similar to a stream is not farther away than 3 m (10 ft). The widely accepted theory is that dousing in captive raccoons is a fixed action pattern from the dabbling behavior performed	performed	VERB	when	SCONJ	 when
" or " Can you help me find my car keys? ". Another approach to rate enhancement is Dasher, which uses language models and arithmetic coding to present alternative letter targets on the screen with size relative to their likelihood given the history. The rate of	of	ADP	words	NOUN	 words
This was done while a temporary connecting To I 75 designation between Bay City and Grayling followed a different path along US 10 and US 127. Starting in 1968 through the early 1970s, M 76 was rebuilt to Interstate standards in stages. The first freeway segment completed	completed	VERB	was	AUX	 was
With a lower mass bound of 4.2 times the mass of the Earth, HD 40307 b is presumably too small to be a jovian planet. This concept was challenged in a 2009 study, which stated that if HD 40307 b is terrestrial, the planet would be	be	AUX	highly	ADV	 highly
A revised version of the script eliminated the trials encountered by the explorers as they navigated the underground caves to Atlantis. This gave the film a faster pace, because Atlantis is discovered earlier in the story. The character of Milo J. Thatch was originally supposed to be	be	AUX	a	DET	 a
There, the " National Bocialist " party wish to unite Minehead and Taunton in a manner similar to the Anschluss between Germany and Austria in 1938. One popular ancient local tradition involves the Hobby Horse, or Obby Oss, which takes to the streets on the eve	eve	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
" I personally don't want anyone coming to Canada who will come here and advocate violence against women, " he said. Flaherty said he was " disgusted " when he read the lyrics of " Kill You ", which includes the lines " Slut, you	you	PRON	think	VERB	 think
The Indefatigable class of battlecruisers were based heavily on the preceding Invincible class. The main difference was that the Indefatigable's design was enlarged to give the ships ' two wing turrets a wider arc of fire. As a result, the Indefatigable class was not a significant	significant	ADJ	improvement	NOUN	 improvement
Forster said he created the Camille character as a strong female counterpart to Bond rather than a casual love interest: she openly shows emotions similar to those which Bond experiences but is unable to express. Haggis located his draft's climax in the Swiss Alps, but Forster	Forster	PROPN	wanted	VERB	 wanted
The work was completed in Kiel by January 1944, after which she remained in the Baltic Sea to conduct training cruises for new naval personnel. On 13 April 1945, twenty four Avro Lancaster bombers attacked Lützow and Prinz Eugen without success due to cloud cover. The	The	DET	RAF	PROPN	 RAF
Graham is also in a very raw emotional place because he's clearly conflicted and it's this cauldron of emotions that leads to the kiss. " Kitsis added that, " We're really excited that the kiss that you've seen is really just the jumping off	off	ADP	point	NOUN	 point
The video was shot during the summer of 2011 during a two day shoot. Hogben and West had brainstorming sessions deciding what the video was going to be conceptually, finally deciding something that would aesthetically fit the song the best. About collaborating with West, Hogben commented	commented	VERB	that	SCONJ	 that
The Polish educated class suffered greatly. A large proportion of the country's pre war social and political elite perished and a large proportion were dispersed. Poland suffered catastrophic damage to its infrastructure during the war, which caused it to lag even further behind the West in	in	ADP	its	PRON	 its
His tasks included finding experts to examine and report on his collections from the voyage. Darwin proposed to edit these reports, writing his own forewords and notes, and used his contacts to lobby for government sponsorship of publication of these findings as a large book. When	When	SCONJ	a	DET	 a
The names of the previous winners are engraved on the base of the trophy, with space for a total of twenty inscriptions. The ICC keeps the original trophy. A replica differing only in the inscriptions is permanently awarded to the winning team. The tournament is the	the	DET	world	NOUN	 world
To further undermine Forgy, Patton reminded voters of the budget cuts by Congressional Republicans to programs affecting the elderly. These issues ultimately delivered a Patton victory of 500,787 votes to 479,227. It was the closest Kentucky gubernatorial election in 32 years, and marked the first time	time	NOUN	an	DET	 an
In March 1850, Isabella Macdonald gave birth to another boy, Hugh John Macdonald, and his father wrote, " We have got Johnny back again, almost his image. " Macdonald began to drink heavily around this time, both in public and in private,	,	PUNCT	which	PRON	 which
Cyclops is captured and brainwashed by Stryker. He is engaged to Jean. Rebecca Romijn Stamos as Raven Darkhölme / Mystique Magneto's mutant henchwoman, who is a shapeshifter. Mystique is blue, naked and covered in scales, and she acts as a spy. She	She	PRON	injects	VERB	 injects
Bass has said that he did not know how to dance before he joined NSYNC, and therefore found much of the group's choreography difficult to learn. According to an episode of VH1's Driven, Jan Boltz, president of BMG's German division, offered NSYNC	NSYNC	PROPN	a	DET	 a
The championship game was a back and forth affair. Ottawa held 4 – 1 and 6 – 5 leads, while Calgary led 5 – 4 at one point and tied the game late to send it to overtime. The Hitmen fell short of winning the title however	however	ADV	,	PUNCT	,
" A long term local effect of the impact was the creation of the Yucatán sedimentary basin which " ultimately produced favorable conditions for human settlement in a region where surface water is scarce. " In their 1991 paper, Hildebrand, Penfield, and company described the geology	geology	NOUN	and	CCONJ	 and
The musical score for Viewtiful Joe was co composed by Masakazu Sugimori and Masami Ueda. It was released alongside the score for Viewtiful Joe 2 on a double album titled Viewtiful Joe + Viewtiful Joe 2 Original Soundtrack in Japan on 22 December 2004 by Suleputer. A music	music	NOUN	video	NOUN	 video
The older woman (about thirty years old) acted as a self appointed chaperone. The men gave them several gifts, including a model plane, and the visitors soon relaxed and began conversing freely, apparently not realizing that the men's language skills were weak.	.	PUNCT	Nankiwi	PROPN	 Nankiwi
" She explained that in developing the relationship between the two: " we wanted it to be real – not some stunt to get people talking. We wanted to see what would happen if a woman suddenly had feelings for another woman. " The two characters shared	shared	VERB	a	DET	 a
Early in October, a low pressure system began to organize to the west of the Mexican coast, and on October 9 it developed into Tropical Depression Fifteen E. It strengthened into a tropical storm the next day, but strong wind shear and low sea surface temperatures hindered	hindered	VERB	development	NOUN	 development
The writers tried to create parallels between the characters to emphasize this more, like Victor's fear of telling his girlfriend the truth about what LuthorCorp did to his body, and Clark's fear of Lana Lang discovering he is an alien. Writer Tracy Bellomo characterized Oliver	Oliver	PROPN	as	ADP	 as
The tendency to migrate is often attributed to cannibalism practised by larger frogs on those that are still developing. After metamorphosis is complete, the frog is around the same length. The juveniles initially grow rapidly, reaching 45 mm within two months, 50 – 60 mm	mm	NOUN	within	ADP	 within
These guns could fire at 4 – 5 shells per minute. She was built with face hardened chrome nickel steel. The main armored belt was 220 mm (8.7 in) in the central portion of the ship, where the ammunition magazines, machinery spaces, and	and	CCONJ	other	ADJ	 other
According to The Official Charts Company, the song has sold 250,000 copies there. In Ireland, the song debuted at number twenty seven on the Irish Singles Chart December 20, 2007. On January 10, 2008, it peaked at number one and stayed in the	the	DET	position	NOUN	 position
At 02: 16 Mikawa conferred with his staff about whether they should turn to continue the battle with the surviving Allied warships and try to sink the Allied transports in the two anchorages. Several factors influenced his ultimate decision. His ships were scattered and would take some	some	DET	time	NOUN	 time
There, the legendary U.S. Army Special Forces veteran known as Big Boss noticed her extroardinary abilities and brought her with him to the United States, where she received counselling and deprogramming to remove her Iraqi brainwashing, leaving only her fighting abilities with her. Extremely grateful,	,	PUNCT	she	PRON	 she
According to the International Monetary Fund (IMF), the Indian economy in 2015 was nominally worth US $2.183 trillion; it is the 7th largest economy by market exchange rates, and is, at US $8.027 trillion, the third largest by purchasing power parity	parity	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
Hakim presented 14 Indonesian films at the Nantes Three Continents Festival in November 1983; she had acted in half of them. Two years later she became an observer at the Cannes Film Festival, striking up a working relationship with Pierre Risient, who later assisted her in	in	ADP	bringing	VERB	 bringing
The Arab garrisons were withdrawn from their bases on the Byzantine coastlands, including Rhodes, in 679 – 680. Constantine IV used the peace to proceed against the mounting Bulgar menace in the Balkans, but his huge army, comprising all the available forces of the Empire	Empire	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
It has larger inflorescences than var. sessilis, as well as larger dark green rather than blue green leaves. It is found in the state's far southwest, between Capes Leeuwin and Naturaliste, and east to Walpole, and grows on sandy soils over limestone.	.	PUNCT	B.	PROPN	 B.
If nevertheless file data or metadata becomes corrupt, the file can be deleted without taking the whole volume offline. As a result of built in resiliency, administrators do not need to periodically run error checking tools such as CHKDSK when using ReFS. Compatibility with existing APIs	APIs	NOUN	and	CCONJ	 and
Mo ' Nique as Mary Lee Johnston, Precious's verbally and physically abusive mother. Mo ' Nique and Daniels had previously worked together in Shadowboxer (in which her character was named Precious). Paula Patton as Ms. Blu Rain, Precious's alternative school teacher.	.	PUNCT	Patton	PROPN	 Patton
Some of the evidence submitted by the prosecution took the form of depositions made by leading Nazis. The defence demanded that the men should be brought to Israel so that the defence's right to cross examination would not be abrogated. But Hausner, in his role as	as	ADP	Attorney	PROPN	 Attorney
Four large stained glass windows are found in the main sanctuary. The Great East Window, " The Love of Christ ": Milbank Choir. Due to Charles Connick, it is richly decorated with scenes from the life of Christ, culminating with an image of the	the	DET	Crucifixion	PROPN	 Crucifixion
In 2009 he published a book detailing his weight loss methods. The Hanada family had generally received very positive press coverage while Takanohana and Wakanohana were active wrestlers, with the press holding them up as the ideal Japanese family and tending to ignore any splits between them.	.	PUNCT	Their	PRON	 Their
Alexander was a supporter of Gilbert of Sempringham's new monastic order of the Gilbertines, and he was also known as a patron of literature. He commissioned Geoffrey of Monmouth to compose the Prophecies of Merlin, which Geoffrey dedicated to him. Alexander was a patron of	of	ADP	the	DET	 the
" The U.S. government also became an intermediary for BYU as 154 members of Congress issued a letter to the Knesset in support of the BYU Jerusalem Center. In 1986, the Knesset approved the completion of the center. Students moved into the center on May 8,	,	PUNCT	1987	NUM	 1987
According to Béland, every player choice is gray and there are no right or wrong choices. However, the game demo has an interactive torture scene in which players can decide how deeply a knife penetrates a person's shoulder. After a mixed to negative response,	,	PUNCT	Ubisoft	PROPN	 Ubisoft
MITS had announced a new computer based on the Motorola 6800 microprocessor in November 1975, the Altair 680. The machines were supposed to ship in January 1976, but hardware design problems delayed shipment until May. Paul Allen rewrote their 8080 simulator to support the 6800 microprocessor	microprocessor	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
The lyrical content is about the finishing and separation of a relationship between lovers. Upon its release, " Together When... " received positive reviews from most music critics. Some of them selected the track as the best song from the album, while complimenting the composition	composition	NOUN	and	CCONJ	 and
Valérian is Mézières ' best known work, translated into at least thirteen languages: the last album, L ' Ouvre Temps, was published in January 2010. It is one of publisher Dargaud's top five best selling comics series. Various attempts were made from the	the	DET	late	ADJ	 late
He had two full brothers: Alhfrith, who is not mentioned after 664, and Ælfwine, who was killed at the battle on the Trent in 679. Hence the succession in Northumbria was unclear for some years before Ecgfrith's death. Bede's Life of Cuthbert	Cuthbert	PROPN	recounts	VERB	 recounts
Although sales never fully recovered, the improved Comet 2 and the prototype Comet 3 culminated in the redesigned Comet 4 series which debuted in 1958 and had a productive career of over 30 years. The Comet was adapted for a variety of military roles such as VIP,	,	PUNCT	medical	ADJ	 medical
" In a review focusing solely on " The Moth ", Chris Carabott of IGN gave the episode a 9 / 10, writing that the episode " does a great job of utilizing screen time for most the major characters on the show ", and that "	"	PUNCT	Locke	PROPN	 Locke
Keyboardist Ruslan Sirota is from Israel, Clarke has compared him to Chick Corea and George Duke. Pianist Hiromi is from Japan, Clarke has said that she " plays the piano like a tornado ". Hiromi also played on Clarke's 2009 album Jazz in the Garden	Garden	PROPN	.	PUNCT	.
They wanted to wait for the movie to be made. I got a little hostile. When I was in Spain on Kingdom, I realized I could buy it back. It was an empty, damaging gesture. " In an interview with Collider.com he stated that	that	SCONJ	,	PUNCT	,
Crewe Alexandra were beaten in the play off final at Wembley Stadium, with a 5 – 3 penalty shoot out victory following a 1 – 1 extra time draw. York reached the Second Division play offs at the first attempt, but lost 1 – 0 on aggregate	aggregate	NOUN	to	ADP	 to
He singled out the game's writing, characters and plot structure as its best elements. Amiga Power's Mark Ramshaw wrote, " With The Secret of Monkey Island, the mouse controlled, graphic adventure comes of age. " He lauded its comedic elements, which	which	PRON	he	PRON	 he
Little is said about Satyavati in the Mahabharata; however, later texts - the Harivamsa and the Devi Bhagavata Purana – elaborate her legend. Satyavati is known by numerous names in the Mahabharata, among them Daseyi, Gandhakali, Gandhavati, Kali, Matysyagandha, Satya,	,	PUNCT	Vasavi	PROPN	 Vasavi
A stationary motor such as a winch is easily provided with a supply of power, but a motor that moves with its application, such as an electric vehicle, is obliged to either carry along a power source such as a battery, or to collect current from	from	ADP	a	DET	 a
He admitted to smoking marijuana, but defended his actions as being legal under Hawaii law. Supporters in Australia — including future Prime Minister Bob Hawke — launched a petition for the reinstatement of the trio. They gathered thousands of signatures to no avail. Tonelli returned to	to	ADP	the	DET	 the
The album was re released in a fortieth anniversary edition on 31 October 2011. The release contains a new stereo and 5.1 surround remix of the album by British musician and producer Steven Wilson, and comes in two different editions — a " collector's edition " containing	containing	VERB	the	DET	 the
Jill has received favorable critical reception, having been described as " a classic example " of a female horror game character, and featuring on numerous top character lists. She is also widely regarded as one of the most attractive female protagonists in video games, and has	has	AUX	sparked	VERB	 sparked
He was later Coordinator for United Nations Humanitarian and Economic Assistance Programmes Relating to the People of Afghanistan and Executive Delegate of the Secretary General for a United Nations Inter Agency Humanitarian Programme, which dealt with problems of Iraq's border areas. His appointment in September 1990 as	as	ADP	Personal	PROPN	 Personal
The types of clothes worn by peasants and commoners were largely uniform in appearance (with color standard of black and white), and so was the case for the upper class and elite. In fact, wealthy and leading members of society followed accepted guidelines and ritual	ritual	ADJ	requirements	NOUN	 requirements
On 6 January 2016, recording Barcelona's first goal of the new year, Messi scored two goals and assisted the other two in a 4 – 1 derby win over Espanyol at the Camp Nou, in the first leg of the Round of 16 of the 2015	2015	NUM	–	PUNCT	 –
Those prisoners who were not involved in the fighting hid under the dining hall tables to escape possible gunfire. An inmate register reveals that there were 1,576 prisoners in total held at Alcatraz during its time as a Federal Penitentiary, although figures reported have varied and some have	have	AUX	stated	VERB	 stated
A few years after Suitcase's inception, Annie left the band when " the other members wanted to make trip hop. " Annie attended secondary school until around 1997, when she began to DJ around Bergen, getting acquainted with members of the Bergen music scene.	.	PUNCT	During	ADP	 During
To achieve this objective, the German Third and Fourth Panzer Groups needed to concentrate their forces between the Volga Reservoir and Mozhaysk, then proceed past the Soviet 30th Army to Klin and Solnechnogorsk, encircling the capital from the north. In the south, the Second Panzer	Panzer	PROPN	Group	PROPN	 Group
On the ascent of the Galibier, Voeckler told Rolland not to work for him any further and to ride his own race, and Rolland rode at or near the front of the race the rest of the day. Together with Spaniards Alberto Contador and Samuel Sánchez as	as	ADP	the	DET	 the
Communities include a discussion board, accomplishments and game clips shared by other members, plus the ability to join group chat and launch cooperative games. Sony stated that " communities are a good way to socialize with like minded players ", particularly when " you want to	to	PART	tackle	VERB	 tackle
At that hearing, Maines was removed from the case and Tapson was appointed defense counsel for Nancy. In addition, bail, in the amount of US $20 million, was set for Nancy. At a press conference on February 28, 2011, Tapson said	said	VERB	that	SCONJ	 that
The programs aired have included Angel Heart, Genji Monogatari Sennenki and Hellsing. Starting in 2004, Mahiro Maeda directed a multi episode anime adaptation of Alexandre Dumas ' novel as Gankutsuou: The Count of Monte Cristo. It was aired on Animax in Asia, and FUNimation	FUNimation	PROPN	in	ADP	 in
It also shifted airfields from Veurne in Belgium to Chipilly in France, leaving behind RNAS control by transferring to No. 14 Wing, 4th Brigade of the RFC. Formation flying became the order of the day, as the practice of fighter pilots soloing into combat dwindled	dwindled	VERB	.	PUNCT	.
A week later, Drain scored for the third successive league match but City lost 3 – 2 to Burnley. Bradford played six games during December, with the first two ending in draws against Preston North End and Stockport County. On 19 December, City defeated Leicester	Leicester	PROPN	Fosse	PROPN	 Fosse
As part of his desire to bring back the divine language to poetry and science, he creates an " Ark of Salvation " in order to describe a prophetic and apocalyptic future which emphasises the importance of Christ and England. Along with being prophetic, the poem itself	itself	PRON	is	AUX	 is
Taft had, after McKinley's election, urged the appointment of Roosevelt as Assistant Secretary of the Navy, and watched as Roosevelt became a war hero, Governor of New York, and Vice President of the United States. They met again when Taft went to Washington	Washington	PROPN	in	ADP	 in
Gyeongju emerged as a railroad junction in the later years of the Japanese Occupation, as the Donghae Nambu Line and Jungang Line were established to prepare for Second Sino Japanese War and to exploit rich resources of the eastern Korean peninsula. Following liberation in 1945, Korea was	was	AUX	plunged	VERB	 plunged
Leisure and recreational locations include a rose garden which dates back to the Kellogg horse ranch years; the Kellogg House designed by Los Angeles based architects Charles Gibbs Adams, Myron Hunt and Harold Coulson Chambers in the 1920s; and a 1.3 acres (0.53 ha) Japanese	Japanese	ADJ	garden	NOUN	 garden
She received $17,000 in 2011 / 12 and 2010 / 11 and $5,571.42 in 2009 / 10. Wearing jersey number 14, Merritt started playing top level club wheelchair basketball in Australia for the Perth Western Stars in the Women's National Wheelchair Basketball League in 2008	2008	NUM	.	PUNCT	.
The British historian Sir John Wheeler Bennett, who knew Schleicher and his circle well, wrote that Bredow displayed a " lack of discretion " that was " terrifying " as he went about showing the list of the proposed cabinet to anyone who was interested. Although Schleicher	Schleicher	PROPN	was	AUX	 was
There are two recognized subspecies: A. v. vittata is the nominate and only extant subspecies, inhabiting Puerto Rico and formerly nearby Vieques Island and Mona Island. A. v. gracilipes inhabited Culebra Island and is now extinct. It is unclear whether it was substantially different from the	the	DET	nominate	ADJ	 nominate
Snow DVD ROM charted again at number thirty one during mid February, whilst the CD ROM release had low enough sales to not chart. Finally, both the Snow CD ROM and Snow DVD ROM releases made their final charting appearances at number thirty three and forty six	six	NUM	at	ADP	 at
She later obtained a masters and doctoral degree from Drew University, submitting a masters thesis on Henry David Thoreau's Walden, and a doctoral dissertation on the works of Willa Cather. For several years, Barbara Caspersen has served on the university's board of trustees and	and	CCONJ	currently	ADV	 currently
" Shortly after arriving at Corfu, Bojić was recruited to work for Serbian military intelligence. In mid 1916, he was transferred to Thessaloniki. Upon reaching Thessaloniki, Bojić spent much of his spare time reading the works of French authors and writing poetry. In August	August	PROPN	1916	NUM	 1916
However, as the series progressed, the production team chose to emphasise contradictory aspects to her character by having Gwen make ethically dubious decisions. As the show progresses, and even after becoming a mother, Gwen evolves into a more militant action heroine and finds herself willing	willing	ADJ	to	PART	 to
As third songwriter to Lennon and McCartney, George Harrison had written about his experiences regarding the disharmonious atmosphere within the Beatles during the late 1960s, in compositions such as " Not Guilty ", " I Me Mine ", " Wah Wah " and " Run of	of	ADP	the	DET	 the
One of the arguments to do so is that these impressive objects deserve better than uninspired codes. For instance, Bodifee and Berger propose the informal, descriptive name Callimorphus Ursae Majoris for the well formed barred galaxy Messier 109 in Ursa Major. The realization that we live	live	VERB	in	ADP	 in
Following this, Polly and Molly were the first mammals to be simultaneously cloned and transgenic. As of 2008, the sheep genome has not been fully sequenced, although a detailed genetic map has been published, and a draft version of the complete genome produced by assembling	assembling	VERB	sheep	NOUN	 sheep
Matter accumulated in the densest regions, forming clouds of gas and the earliest stars, the Population III stars. These massive stars triggered the reionization process and are believed to have created many of the heavy elements in the early Universe, which, through nuclear decay,	,	PUNCT	create	VERB	 create
The Hamiltonian variables are also called the energy variables. The integrand of a power conjugate variable with respect to a Hamiltonian variable is a measure of energy. For instance, <formula> and, <formula> are both expressions of energy. They can also be	be	AUX	called	VERB	 called
Released firstly in the United Kingdom on 9 March 2007 and in other countries later in the year, Becoming Jane earned approximately $37 million worldwide. The film received mixed reviews from critics. Hathaway's performance received mixed critical reception, with some reviewers negatively focusing on	on	ADP	her	PRON	 her
I think that everyone should have the chance to be equally miserable, if they want ", adding that his " overall look on things is a lot more mature than it used to be ". Several years later, Eminem was accused yet again of using homophobic	homophobic	ADJ	words	NOUN	 words
Wilson signed the Mothers to the Verve division of MGM, which had built up a strong reputation for its releases of modern jazz recordings in the 1940s and 1950s, but was attempting to diversify into pop and rock audiences. Verve insisted that the band officially rename themselves	themselves	PRON	the	DET	 the
She therefore turned hard to port to avoid Grosser Kurfürst, but the action was not taken quickly enough, and König Wilhelm found herself pointed directly at Grosser Kurfürst. König Wilhelm's ram bow tore a hole in Grosser Kurfürst. A failure to adequately seal the watertight	watertight	NOUN	bulkheads	NOUN	 bulkheads
While lions do not usually hunt people, some (usually males) seem to seek out human prey; one well publicised case includes the Tsavo maneaters, where 28 officially recorded railway workers building the Kenya Uganda Railway were taken by lions over nine months during the construction	construction	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
Thomas Kymer began mining at Pwll y Llygod and Great Forest (near Carway) in 1760, and sought parliamentary approval to construct a canal at his own expense in early 1766. The Act of Parliament was granted on 19 February 1766. The canal was to run	run	VERB	from	ADP	 from
This was recognised as early as 1992, when it was noted that winter rainfall in the Quairading region had been falling by about 4% per decade, and that a continuation of this trend may reduce the species ' distribution. Recently, a more thorough assessment of	of	ADP	the	DET	 the
The rest of the squadron was ordered to provide ship's boats to attempt to tow Hannibal off the shoal but the attempt failed, Caesar's pinnace sinking in the process after being struck by a cannonball. Ultimately, Hannibal was left stranded as the last of the	the	DET	seabreeze	NOUN	 seabreeze
For this campaign, Robertson was made a Commander of the Order of the British Empire (CBE), but later that month he was hospitalised for varicose veins in the leg he had broken in 1917. He was replaced as commander of the 19th Infantry Brigade by	by	ADP	Alan	PROPN	 Alan
There is about an equal division of the sexes with 47% of the population in the age group 25 – 54 and 92% holding Australian citizenship. Official control of Lord Howe Island lay initially with the British Crown until it passed to New South Wales in 1855	1855	NUM	,	PUNCT	,
The basic unit of the OA is the lodge, which is chartered to a local BSA council. The lodge chief is the elected youth leader, the lodge adviser is a BSA adult volunteer appointed by the Scout executive, and the lodge staff adviser is the council	council	NOUN	Scout	PROPN	 Scout
His political goals included the overthrow of the myth of the Golden Freedoms and the reform of the backwards culture of sarmatism, and many of his artistic projects aimed to eradicate the negative qualities he associated with them. The " Thursday Dinners " he hosted were considered the	the	DET	most	ADV	 most
Rejabhad, a well respected cartoonist, was Lat's mentor, and imbued the junior cartoonist with a preference to be sensitive to the subjects of his works. Lat's attention to details gained him popularity, endearing his works to the masses who find them believable and	and	CCONJ	unbiased	ADJ	 unbiased
Discussing Mateiu Caragiale's originality, Călinescu saw in him " a promoter (maybe the first) of literary Balkanism, that greasy mix of obscene phrases, lascivious impulses, awareness of an adventurous and fuzzy genealogy, everything purified and seen from above by a superior intelligence	intelligence	NOUN	"	PUNCT	 "
In particular, ants that prey on termites usually have a negative impact on arboreal nesting species. Most termites are blind, so communication primarily occurs through chemical, mechanical and pheromonal cues. These methods of communication are used in a variety of activities, including foraging,	,	PUNCT	locating	VERB	 locating
These decisions were agreed upon during the Chief Ministers ' meeting which was held on 24 February. The three language formula was not strictly enforced either in South or Hindi speaking areas. The changes to public services exams were impractical and not well received by government officials.	.	PUNCT	The	DET	 The
They interviewed mutiny convict Joe Small, his defense lawyer Gerald Veltmann, as well as Percy Robinson, a seaman who returned to loading ammunition after the first work stoppage, and Robert Routh, Jr., a seaman who was blinded in the blast. Danny Glover provided	provided	VERB	narration	NOUN	 narration
The teeth of plankton feeders such as the basking shark are small and non functional. Shark skeletons are very different from those of bony fish and terrestrial vertebrates. Sharks and other cartilaginous fish (skates and rays) have skeletons made of cartilage and connective tissue. Cartilage	Cartilage	NOUN	is	AUX	 is
At its founding, it comprised only three members: Sakimoto, Iwata, and Manabu Namiki. Through Basiscape, Sakimoto continued to compose for several different companies, including Square — now Square Enix — with Final Fantasy Tactics Advance. The company expanded in 2005 with the	the	DET	addition	NOUN	 addition
His mother and one sister, identified alternatively as Maria or Anastasia, were carriers. Therefore, had Anastasia lived to have children of her own, they may have been afflicted by the disease as well. Alexei's hemophilia was chronic and incurable; his frequent attacks	attacks	NOUN	caused	VERB	 caused
Neither of them thought the other was interested in dating and they drifted apart. After meeting again on separate holidays in New York, they began dating and married in October 2001 in a ceremony in Tuscany, Italy. Ripley gave birth to the couple's first child	child	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
" Chad Grischow from IGN noted that Kesha's " ' broke and proud of it ' attitude is a refreshing change for the money flaunting pop landscape ". Gary Graff wrote for Billboard that " the addition of producer Bangladesh for the martial " Sleazy " lets Ke	Ke	PROPN	$	SYM	 $
Harvey had played what many observers thought was the greatest innings of his life, a defiant, unbeaten 92, exactly half of the Australian innings of 184 in which no other batsmen reached 15. From there on, Harvey's series was unproductive, failing to pass	pass	VERB	31	NUM	 31
It made me feel like I wasn't even in the room. " On April, 2013 during a cover story for GQ magazine, Mars confessed that he changed his last name due to people from the music industry who took him as another Latino artist, and	and	CCONJ	even	ADV	 even
He finished his career at Kentucky with 45 games played and 39 starts. Williams was eligible for the 2009 NFL Draft but went undrafted. He was later signed by the Carolina Panthers as a free agent, and was the only undrafted rookie to make the active roster	roster	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
The show maintained its position as a top ten series and became the eighth most watched program in the season, with an average of 19.220 million viewers per episode. The highest rated episode of the season was the seventeenth, the highly anticipated conclusion of a three story	story	NOUN	arc	NOUN	 arc
Following the folding of Mapei – Quick Step at the end of the 2002 season, Cancellara joined Fassa Bortolo to work as a lead out man for Alessandro Petacchi in 2003. Cancellara's first victory came Tour Méditerranéen; he helped lead the Fassa Bortolo squad to victory	victory	NOUN	in	ADP	 in
Players can also link Metroid Fusion to Metroid: Zero Mission to unlock a Metroid Fusion picture gallery, which includes additional concept art and extra images from the Japanese version of Metroid Fusion which chronicle Samus's early years. Bounty hunter Samus Aran, the protagonist, explores	explores	VERB	the	DET	 the
Hairway to Steven did not have song titles when first released, and instead represented each track with an absurdist, often scatological, cartoon. The band traveled widely in support of the album over the next year, including a very successful tour of Europe (helped in	in	ADP	part	NOUN	 part
Vivek, who was added to the cast in May 2014, stated during a press meet of the film that he initially rejected the role and as a result, Dhanush decided to make someone else play the role. Vivek then accepted the role for Dhanush's sake	sake	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
By 1938 Pah Wongso had married and opened a school for poor children, particularly those of mixed Chinese descent, in Gang Patikee; it was funded by donations. He was also a member of the Indies branch of the Red Cross, and recognized for his humanitarian	humanitarian	ADJ	work	NOUN	 work
Cancellara continued his success in the time trial with a victory in the Swiss national time trial. Cancellara won the prologue of the Tour de France in London, defeating Andreas Kloden of Astana by thirteen seconds. During stage two, he was caught up in a very	very	ADV	large	ADJ	 large
As time passed, the Spanish foragers were forced to look for victuals two or three leagues far away from their camp. Maurice took the opportunity to plan a mock ambush on Mondragón's foraging convoy aiming to lure him into a general action in which he could destroy	destroy	VERB	the	DET	 the
The original serialization sold poorly, which made the book's success a surprise. The comic book and the collection both came with an extensive appendix, and the collection came with a bibliography and an index, all hand lettered by Brown. The collection's appendix came	came	VERB	to	ADP	 to
The modern Hebrew alphabet, also known as the Assyrian or Square script, is a descendant of the Aramaic alphabet. The Phoenician script had dropped five characters by the 12th century BCE, reflecting the language's twenty two consonantal phonemes. As a result, the 22	22	NUM	letters	NOUN	 letters
" Gomez further elaborated on the concept of the song on an interview with Just Jared Jr., saying, It's basically about Hollywood and what people think about it and essentially how plastic it is sometimes. It's fun and I think girls can relate to it	it	PRON	somewhat	ADV	 somewhat
Though he stands five feet, nine inches tall, Cammalleri's teammates have argued his small stature is not a drawback. While at Michigan, teammate Craig Murray said that " a lot of people look at his size and they hold it against him, but there	there	PRON	's	VERB	's
In his remaining years he brought significant innovation and change to typography, exhibition design, photomontage, and book design, producing critically respected works and winning international acclaim for his exhibition design. This continued until his deathbed, where in 1941 he produced one of his last	last	ADJ	works	NOUN	 works
Gussignies: CPIE Bocage de l ' Avesnois. p. 141. Haouat, Safia (2013). Proposition d'évaluation du plan de gestion 2008 – 2012 de la Réserve Naturelle Régionale de la carrière des Nerviens dans le cadre du renouvellement de son plan de gestion [Assessment	Assessment	NOUN	proposal	NOUN	 proposal
The Minister of Defense Ricardo López Murphy became the new Minister of Economy. During the election camapain, De la Rúa had promised not to appoint him to that ministry, but with the ongoing crisis he did not want to risk problems caused by a temporary lack of	of	ADP	minister	NOUN	 minister
Further studies are needed to clarify its range and relationship with other sportive lemurs in southeastern Madagascar. The species inhabits dense rainforest. A preliminary study at Ranomafana National Park in 1995 indicated the small toothed sportive lemur may avoid competing with woolly lemurs for food (interspecific competition	competition	NOUN	)	PUNCT	)
The two are now considered distinct species, with the fork tailed drongo restricted to Africa and separated from the Asian range of the black drongo. Seven subspecies have been named but the largely contiguous populations show clinal variation and intergrade with each other. Individuals from northern India	India	PROPN	(	PUNCT	 (
None of the leaders elected to make pit stops. Montoya maintained his lead at the restart, followed by Stewart and Hamlin. On lap 92, Stewart fell to fifth after contact with Hamlin, allowing Kurt Busch to move into second position one lap later. On	On	ADP	lap	NOUN	 lap
In 1952, Fisher was also appointed by President Harry S. Truman as an original commissioner to the President's Commission on Immigration and Naturalization. The Commission was established in the Executive Office of the President by Executive Order 10392 " Establishing the President's Commission on Immigration and	and	CCONJ	Naturalization	PROPN	 Naturalization
China Tang is owned by the businessman David Tang and was opened in 2005. The restaurant is luxuriously designed, with an art deco lounge bar reminiscent of 1930s Shanghai. The Spatisserie is an informal restaurant, which specialises in light snacks and afternoon tea, serving cakes	cakes	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
Within two days of the Japanese landing at Lingayen Gulf, MacArthur had reverted to pre July 1941 plan of attempting to hold only Bataan while waiting for a relief force to come. Most of the American and some of the Filipino troops were able to retreat back to	to	ADP	Baatan	PROPN	 Baatan
The depression moved to the northwest and transitioned into a tropical storm on June 6; it was named Andrew about 258 mi (415 km) southeast of Charleston, South Carolina. The tropical storm approached the South Carolina coast within 115 mi (185 km) before	before	ADP	recurving	VERB	 recurving
The teeth of the upper jaw would grind against the teeth of the lower jaw like rasps, processing plant material trapped between them. Such a motion would parallel the effects of mastication in mammals, although accomplishing the effects in a completely different way. Work in the	the	DET	early	ADJ	 early
Stalin, like Hitler, worked to eliminate Polish society. The Soviet authorities sought to remove all trace of the Polish history of the area now under their control. The name " Poland " was banned. Polish monuments were torn down. All institutions of the dismantled	dismantled	VERB	Polish	ADJ	 Polish
Adams in 1765 authored the " Braintree Instructions ", a letter sent to the representatives of Braintree in the Massachusetts legislature, which served as a model for other towns ' instructions. In the piece he explained that the Stamp Act should be opposed since it denied two	two	NUM	fundamental	ADJ	 fundamental
" His humor appealed to FDR and Skelton became the master of ceremonies for Roosevelt's official birthday celebration for many years afterward. Skelton's first contact with Hollywood came in the form of a failed 1932 screen test. In 1938 he made his film debut for RKO	RKO	PROPN	Pictures	PROPN	 Pictures
Together these three hills formed a naturally strong defensive position, well suited to blocking a major advance. Regardless, the brigade position suffered from a number of deficiencies, being exposed without flank protection, while the central sector was not occupied because the Middlesex were away to	to	ADP	the	DET	 the
His IFOR command in Bosnia was indirectly criticised by Richard Holbrooke for his refusal to use his authority to also perform nonmilitary implementation tasks, including arresting indicted war criminals: Based on Shalikashvili's statement at White House meetings, Christopher and I had assumed that the IFOR commander	commander	NOUN	would	AUX	 would
During 1930 football season, Alexander sent his line coach, Mac Tharpe, to scout future opponent North Carolina, playing Tennessee in Knoxville. Tharpe's car broke down and by the time he reached Knoxville, the game was over. Tharpe asked Tennessee head coach Bob	Bob	PROPN	Neyland	PROPN	 Neyland
By the end of the day, the Bosnian Serb TO force in Gornji Malovan was besieged. The JNA instructed the Yugoslav Air Force to attack after it received reports that 15 HV tanks had appeared on the battlefield. The 30th Partisan Division staff amended the plans formulated	formulated	VERB	the	DET	 the
The earliest record of diplomatic contact between present day Malaysia and Vietnam dates back to 1469. Soldiers of Vietnamese Later Le dynasty had captured a Malaccan tributary mission en route to the Chinese Ming dynasty, killing some of them, and castrating and enslaving the survivors. Tonkin	Tonkin	PROPN	expressed	VERB	 expressed
This was achieved by using a " split world aspect ", which divided the game's into two areas, each with a different artstyle. The team added details and aesthetics to the game's three syndicates in the upper zone so they would easily be recognized and	and	CCONJ	be	AUX	 be
The significant Freedom Party of Austria (FPÖ) refused to join the efforts, as Jörg Haider sought to distance himself from Le Pen, and later attempted to build a separate group. In 2009, the FN joined the Alliance of European National Movements, it left	left	VERB	the	DET	 the
The Amiga conversion was released as sequel Urban Strike was published for the Mega Drive in 1994. Jungle Strike was followed by three further sequels: Urban Strike, Soviet Strike, and Nuclear Strike. As the series moved to more advanced consoles, series creator Mike Posehn	Posehn	PROPN	became	VERB	 became
" The review compared the album negatively to other rappers, noting that they " construct complex hip hop concertos for voice, beat box and borrowed sounds, Schooly's best known work is little more than a beat accompanying his foul mouthed, ill tempered rants ".	.	PUNCT	The	DET	 The
" Participants could send as many designs as they wanted, as far as it included the name of the commune and the date of its creation, 21 December 1891. Authors could add a motto and an inscription to their coat of arms if they wanted to.	.	PUNCT	An	DET	 An
DJ Shadow's trademark drum chopping is juxtaposed with several other diverse sampled parts, including string movements, comedy routines, film soundtracks, and blues music. Andy Kellman of AllMusic describes it as a " suite of often melancholy music, a piece that consistently refuses to	to	PART	be	AUX	 be
There is no evidence to suggest that Kitley had any connection to Ireland, or even that he visited it, but his connection to Earl of Ormonde is interesting. Kitley was succeeded by Thomas Collyer, who had previously served as Clarenceux King of Arms and Lancaster Herald	Herald	PROPN	of	ADP	 of
Since the band has very limited funds, Murray constructs the robot costumes himself and films the video using a cell phone. The third and final song featured is " Not Crying ". The song begins as Sally breaks up with Jemaine. Jemaine denies that he is	is	AUX	crying	VERB	 crying
Giese and Koellner were very low on fuel and all three were running low on ammunition, so Commander Bey decided not to continue the pursuit of the British ships since they were being engaged by the last two destroyers of Group 1. Commander Bey was ordered during the	the	DET	afternoon	NOUN	 afternoon
The campaign served multiple purposes, most notably the suppression of protests, which were branded as inspired by a " fifth column " of Zionists; it was also used as a tactic in a political struggle between Gomułka and Moczar, both of whom played the Jewish card	card	NOUN	in	ADP	 in
Havelock eventually came to the conclusion that the poetic aspects of early philosophy " were matters not of style but of substance, " and that such thinkers as Heraclitus and Empedocles actually have more in common even on an intellectual level with Homer than they do with Plato and	and	CCONJ	Aristotle	PROPN	 Aristotle
At 09: 45, Regensburg and three torpedo boats turned around to rendezvous with the torpedo boats carrying the crew of the scuttled battlecruiser Lützow. In the course of the battle, Regensburg had fired 372 rounds of 10.5 cm ammunition and emerged completely unscathed. By 1917	1917	NUM	,	PUNCT	,
According to the tradition, a Jew that lived in Jifna had visited Jerusalem during the Passion. Seeing Jesus rise from the dead, the man immediately converted and told his wife what he saw. His wife refused to believe him unless the rooster she had just killed	killed	VERB	would	AUX	 would
In June 2013, Pusha T had been set to turn in the album to Def Jam for mastering, however, Kanye West was shortly given by him with three new beats, in which resulted him to go back to the studio to continued recording. In early	early	ADJ	stages	NOUN	 stages
The Station Hotel was used as an admiralty administrative centre, and reopened in 1950 after refurbishment. Britain's railways were nationalised on 1 January 1948 and the former Great North of Scotland Railway lines were placed under the control of the Scottish Region of British Railways. To	To	PART	reduce	VERB	 reduce
Desserts include cannoli, frappe, pizelles, biscotti and gelato One parishioner explained, " I like seeing everyone from town, but the food is always an attraction. " Within the congregation, there are many organizations that specialize in various activities, all of which strive	strive	VERB	to	PART	 to
The freeway passes near some homes before US 130 splits from I 295 at an interchange that also has access to CR 642. The median of I 295 becomes wider again and it continues east through woods, coming to a southbound exit and northbound entrance with Route 45	45	NUM	.	PUNCT	.
Both Sukhoi and Mikoyan modified their prototypes to validate the takeoff ramp. Three Sukhoi T10s (− 3, − 24 and − 25), along with an Su 27UB, were used for takeoffs from the simulated ramp. The first of these tests were undertaken by	by	ADP	Nikolai	PROPN	 Nikolai
This section of the county line also forms the southern boundary of the Huron National Forest. M 18 curves to the northeast off the county line into the national forest territory where it meets F 97 for a second time. At this junction, F 97 merges with	with	ADP	M	PROPN	 M
In order to keep up pressure on the whole front, the 19th Indian Brigade was ordered to attack Villa Grande and exploit any gains as far as the Arielli river which ran from the mountains through Tollo to the Adriatic. The attack went in at 05: 30	30	NUM	on	ADP	 on
The Giants won the game, with a score of 5 – 4. Reliable information on the Zanesville club's overall performance is currently unavailable, but an Associated Press report indicated the team had disbanded by late July 1913. At Zanesville, Hogan signed future Cleveland Indians	Indians	PROPN	pitcher	VERB	 pitcher
Beginning in 1895, Congress passed a number of resolutions calling for Cuban independence. Although Cleveland pursued a policy of neutrality, his Secretary of State, Richard Olney, warned Spain that the patience of the United States was not inexhaustible. Sherman, then a senator,	,	PUNCT	favored	VERB	 favored
The western terminus of the route is at an intersection with NY 37 in the town of Westville. Its eastern terminus is at a junction with U.S. Route 11 (US 11) in the town of Burke. Near its midpoint, NY 122 has a short overlap	overlap	NOUN	with	ADP	 with
Gross wrote that " Dark Horse " " brings back memories of The White Album, as Chuck Findlay, Jim Horn and Scott dart through the intricate melody on flutes ". In Melody Maker, Brian Harrigan found Harrison's gruff vocal a bonus, writing that he	he	PRON	"	PUNCT	 "
Despite this, the situation remained bleak as the supply issue was becoming a serious problem for the Australians and the reinforcements that had arrived were also in a state of disarray having been committed to the battle in a piecemeal fashion and suffering badly from hunger and disease.	.	PUNCT	Although	SCONJ	 Although
He played for only a few months with Chelmsford. He was still struggling with alcoholism and delirium tremens and sought out help from Alcoholics Anonymous. He was also hospitalised in the alcoholics ' ward of Warley Psychiatric Hospital. In August 1977 and still coping with alcoholism,	,	PUNCT	Greaves	PROPN	 Greaves
Those books, still popular, played an important role in popularizing Polish history among several generations of readers. Jasienica became an outspoken critic of the censorship in the People's Republic of Poland, and as a notable dissident, he was persecuted by the government. He	He	PRON	was	AUX	 was
The municipality maintains a bus stand that accommodates local as well as long distance buses. Bus is the primary mode of public transport from the town. There was a railway branch line connecting Vedaranyam to Mayiladuthurai via Thiruthuriapoondi and ending at Agastiyampalli. The line was opened to	to	ADP	passenger	NOUN	 passenger
When a 7.2 magnitude earthquake struck Bohol and other parts of Central Visayas in 2013, the church building sustained major damage. The Jesuits, the first evangelizers of the Baclayon, planted the first seed of Christianity in Bohol upon the request of Doña Catalina de Bolaños,	,	PUNCT	mother	NOUN	 mother
She took that photo of me, but she was just like, ‘ I can ’ t talk to you because you ’ re crazy and you ’ re a terrorist. And I ’ m like, ‘ I ’ m not. I ’ m a Tamil	Tamil	PROPN	and	CCONJ	 and
This changes in different ways after the accident. Terra was officially announced as a part of the cast in March 2002. Jennifer Garner as Elektra Natchios The daughter of billionaire Nikolas Natchios and the love interest of Matt Murdock. At a very young age, she witnessed	witnessed	VERB	the	DET	 the
Chelsea entered the match as favourites and were undefeated against Arsenal in all competitions since 2004. Watched by a crowd of 70,073, Arsenal took the lead in the 12th minute when Theo Walcott scored. Chelsea equalised moments later through Didier Drogba, who also scored the match	match	NOUN	winner	NOUN	 winner
He was released two days later. The following month, he was forced to formally cease to be a monk after several monasteries refused him membership, which he said was due to their fear of government reprisals if they were to allow him to enter. He then	then	ADV	returned	VERB	 returned
A preliminary enquiry into Magdalena's was held at Rio de Janeiro by the British Consul General, who sent a report to the Minister of Transport, who ordered that a Court of Formal Investigation be held. The enquiry was held at the Royal Courts of Justice,	,	PUNCT	London	PROPN	 London
Oliphant used electromagnetic separation to separate the isotopes of lithium. He was the first to experimentally demonstrate nuclear fusion. He found that when deuterons reacted with nuclei of Helium 3, tritium or with other deuterons, the particles that were released had far more energy than they	they	PRON	started	VERB	 started
It is contested between the winners of the CFL's East and West Divisional playoffs and is one of Canadian television's largest annual sporting events. The Toronto Argonauts have 16 championships, more than any other team. The latest, the 103rd Grey Cup, took place	place	NOUN	in	ADP	 in
Zachary Houle of PopMatters called the song a " nice get up and go dance number. " Ailbhe Malone of NME commended the song's appeal to the teenage audience and its chord progression for being " simple enough to be played on an acoustic guitar at a house	house	NOUN	party	NOUN	 party
The Piper at the Gates of Dawn was reissued in the UK in 1979 as a stereo vinyl album, and on CD in the UK and US in 1985. A digitally remastered stereo CD, with new artwork, was released in the US in 1994, and	and	CCONJ	in	ADP	 in
Conversely, his previous experience enabled Takahashi to easily plan the structure and scheduling for the game. During the initial writing stages, Takahashi did not give precise instructions to Takeda: he instead gave a rough outline that they worked on together, then they passed the developing	developing	VERB	script	NOUN	 script
Advancing up the ridge they had just abandoned, Browne's battalion came under intense fire from Ruffin's emplaced infantry and artillery. Within a few salvoes, half the battalion was gone and, unable to continue, Browne's men scattered amongst the cover provided by the	the	DET	slope	NOUN	 slope
They've always been close. " Frank later begins a relationship with Bobby; Papps thought that his character's romance with Bobby was more genuine than the one he shared with Roo. Dickson told Catherine Maloney from TV Guide that she was nervous about Bobby and Frank	Frank	PROPN	's	PART	's
In the week following her first Playboy appearance, Mansfield caught Hollywood and media attention by dropping her bikini top at a press junket for the Jane Russell film Underwater! (RKO, 1955). Mansfield's first film part was a supporting role in Female Jungle,	,	PUNCT	a	DET	 a
On 9 May, Boban, Josip Manolić, Tuđman's aide and previously the Croatian Prime Minister, and Radovan Karadžić, president of the self proclaimed Republika Srpska, secretly met in Graz and formed an agreement on the division of Bosnia and Herzegovina, the Graz agreement	agreement	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
Following his graduation from the University of Michigan, Wheatley was selected by the New York Giants of the NFL in the first round of the 1995 NFL Draft. As a running back for the Giants, he was the team's all purpose yards leader in 1996 and	and	CCONJ	their	PRON	 their
The quotations from the Talmud were also researched, and two rabbis, Lavi Meier and Harold M. Schulweis, were credited as " special technical consultants ". Schulweis was asked to take a look at a draft of the script. While not a fan of the show	show	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
They quickly signed licensing deals with two record labels to release The Habit of Fire in 2007. The album was received very well and was named CD of the Month by UK's music technology magazine Sound on Sound, as well as being nominated as The Best Avantgarde	Avantgarde	PROPN	Metal	PROPN	 Metal
In 2010, Patti Smith's book, Just Kids, a memoir of her time in 1970s Manhattan and her relationship with Robert Mapplethorpe, was published; it later won the National Book Award for Nonfiction. On April 30, 2010, Patti Smith headlined a benefit	benefit	NOUN	concert	NOUN	 concert
Flowers and Confederate flags are also placed at each of the Confederate headstones. The decorations are usually placed at the memorial and upon the Confederate gravestones by reenactors. Invited speakers address participants. A roll of honor is recited at the memorial, followed by a musket salute	salute	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
" The production was given at the Théâtre du Châtelet, Paris, a few weeks afterwards. McMaster was followed as chief executive by Matthew Epstein, whose three years in charge (1991 – 94) were described in a 2006 study by Paul Atkinson as " a	a	DET	less	ADV	 less
In 1608, Sir Aulay MacAulay of Ardincaple was a Shire Commissioner for Dumbartonshire (prior to the Acts of Union 1707, a Shire Commissioner was the equivalent of the English office of Member of Parliament). Sir Aulay was one of two commissioners who were tasked with	with	ADP	regulating	VERB	 regulating
Particularly at that moment in time, the economy was really struggling and there were a lot of very tough conversations going on with clients. " Reilly said that " the advertisers know what they ’ re getting " with Family Guy, and he thought that the episode	episode	NOUN	handled	VERB	 handled
Work on a Nintendo DS version of Guitar Hero started in early 2007 according to Vicarious Visions CEO, Karthik Bala. Bala stated that the inspiration for the game was to " see if it was even possible to do a really good music rhythm game on a handheld	handheld	NOUN	"	PUNCT	 "
The hill fort was built in and used throughout the Iron Age, as demonstrated by finds from the site which span the period. Occupants lived in roundhouses, and habitation of the site was spread over a long period. In common with many other hill forts,	,	PUNCT	the	DET	 the
Piemonte was fitted with two heavy military masts and had a partial double bottom. The large sponsons extended down to about a foot (305 millimeters) of the water and proved to be very wet in service. She proved to be rather overgunned for her size and	and	CCONJ	her	PRON	 her
Employing citizens in construction and repairing works was done in ancient Sri Lanka as a form of tax payment. Such labour may also have been used in the construction of the Polonnaruwa Vatadage. However, the quality of the works indicate that most of the task may have	have	AUX	been	AUX	 been
" Templeton pointed out that Columbus had a black navigator and that Africans were seen by Europeans as being culturally advanced in the 15th century. William E. Hoskins, director of the museum, said that very few people know the story of Queen Califia. He said,	,	PUNCT	"	PUNCT	 "
Passengers on Raptor may not bring any loose articles onto the train and are required to wear shirts and footwear. Headphones must be removed before boarding. Passengers are advised that they must not ride Raptor if they have " a history of recent surgery, heart trouble /	/	SYM	high	ADJ	 high
Later that year, McGuinn, Crosby and Hillman entered Treasure Isle Recorders in Nashville to record four new Byrds tracks for inclusion on the forthcoming The Byrds box set. On January 16, 1991, the five original members of the Byrds put aside their differences to appear	appear	VERB	together	ADV	 together
Arawe was substituted, and the size of the whole operation was scaled back. Krueger hoped to observe the 1st Marine Division's landing at Cape Gloucester in December 1943, but was unable to do so until the planning for the January 1944 landing at Saidor was complete	complete	ADJ	.	PUNCT	.
The market was listed on the District of Columbia Inventory of Historic Sites in 1968 and the National Register of Historic Places in 1995. The most distinctive architectural element of the Gothic Revival building is its corner tower on 7th and O Streets. For decades, the market	market	NOUN	was	AUX	 was
Dick Bundy and his partners became fascinated with the history and legacy of the building; they arranged a partnership with Marvin Groves Electric, another local business, to purchase the building. In December 2000, the city council voted to allow the WCHS to sell the building	building	NOUN	to	ADP	 to
[...] The dialog it has obviously generated — if not the box office obstacles — seems joltingly healthy. " Bakshi called Coonskin his best film. After production concluded on Harlem Nights, Bakshi wanted to distinguish himself artistically by producing a film in which live action	action	NOUN	and	CCONJ	 and
Main Battle Tanks: 30 x Type 59, 30 x T 55, 100 x T 72 Reconnaissance vehicles: 40 + Type 62 light tanks, 40 + Panhard AML armoured cars Infantry Fighting Vehicles: 20 BMP 1 Armoured Personnel Carriers: IISS reports M 113,	,	PUNCT	Type	PROPN	 Type
Originally this was reported as native FLOPS: the raw performance from each given type of processing hardware. In March 2009 Folding @ home began reporting the performance in native and x86 FLOPS, the latter being an estimation of how many FLOPS the calculation would take on a	a	DET	standard	ADJ	 standard
However, when she sees the knife used to cut the parachute, Charlotte realises Lydia was responsible for Sarah's death. After she confesses, Lydia tells Charlotte if she goes to prison, she will kill herself. Zoe is found not guilty of Sarah's murder	murder	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
The venue also features a 370 meters (1,210 ft) long running track. The cooling and heating systems for Håkons Hall and Kristins Hall are connected, allowing them to function as energy reserves for each other. The Norwegian Olympic Museum is located at Håkons Hall.	.	PUNCT	The	DET	 The
Paul MacLean once suggested, as part of his triune brain theory, that the limbic structures comprise the neural basis of emotion. Some neuroscientists no longer believe that the concept of a unified " limbic system " is valid, however. Yet, the hippocampus is anatomically	anatomically	ADV	connected	VERB	 connected
She rejoined TransDiv 47, TransRon 16, at San Pedro Bay, Leyte Gulf, on 16 July and sailed with the rest of the division to Iloilo, on the island of Panay, to conduct amphibious training exercises with the United States Army's 43rd Infantry Division	Division	PROPN	.	PUNCT	.
The gateway is temporarily opened, releasing hundreds of other demons into the world, before Bobby and Ellen Harvelle close it again. Bobby assists the Winchesters throughout the third season in their war against the recently escaped demons, starting with helping them defeat the Seven Deadly Sins	Sins	PROPN	in	ADP	 in
Giordano finished the 2003 – 04 season with 49 points. After graduating from junior hockey, Giordano enrolled at York University and planned to study at its school of business when he received a late invitation from the Calgary Flames to attend their summer camp. Former Flames coach	coach	NOUN	Jim	PROPN	 Jim
She also felt The Stunt Man was an important transition for her, from playing girls to playing women. Some of the " women roles " that followed The Stunt Man included the horror movie The Entity (1982); Philip Kaufman's The Right Stuff (1983	1983	NUM	)	PUNCT	)
The following year Bourgmont led an expedition to enlist Comanche support against the Spanish, who continued to show interest in taking over the Missouri. In 1725 Bourgmont brought the chiefs of several Missouri River tribes to visit France. There he was raised to the rank of nobility	nobility	NOUN	and	CCONJ	 and
Barrett then made the decision to attack the soldiers holding the bridge. Davis's company had taken their designated position at the left of the provincial line. This would have placed the Acton company in the rear of the attack when the line advanced. The company in	in	ADP	the	DET	 the
Star News Online named " Smithers ' fey way " as one of the four hundred reasons why they loved The Simpsons. In a 2003 article, Entertainment Weekly named the " Who Shot Mr. Burns? " duo of episodes, in which Smithers was prominently featured,	,	PUNCT	the	DET	 the
Subsequent productions include one by Kansas City's Starlight Theatre in 1955. Equity Library Theatre produced it in New York in 1970; it returned to that city, though not to Broadway, in 2002 with the York Theatre. A London production was presented by the Finborough	Finborough	PROPN	Theatre	PROPN	 Theatre
Town records list expenditures for repair and placement. For many decades the current West Cornwall bridge was believed to have been constructed in 1841, as a replacement for an earlier bridge that washed away in the flood of 1837. The 1841 date was even included on the	the	DET	National	PROPN	 National
This changed after the television series Extra aired a three part profile on her acting career and work with animals. It attempted to find a series that would write a role for her as " an actor's piece ", rather than a cameo. Kripke, a	a	DET	fan	NOUN	 fan
Officers removed the front door to Yeates ' flat to check for clothing fibres and DNA evidence, with investigators examining the possibility that the perpetrator had entered the flat before Yeates returned home. Senior officers from the investigation asked for assistance from the National Policing Improvement Agency,	,	PUNCT	which	PRON	 which
One example of the use of song to maintain tone is when Thorin and Company are kidnapped by goblins, who, when marching them into the underworld, sing: Clap! Snap! the black crack! Grip, grab! Pinch, nab! And down down	down	ADV	to	ADP	 to
He was commissioned shortly before the outbreak of World War I, and served with Austro Hungarian forces on the Eastern and Italian Fronts as company commander in the Imperial Royal Mountain Troops. During World War I he was decorated several times for bravery and leadership, and was	was	AUX	wounded	VERB	 wounded
DeLonge joked that, " We'll probably actually drive it to the (Geffen) president's house at two in the morning and hand it through his bedroom window at the last possible minute. " The band, as a whole, only entered the studio for	for	ADP	"	PUNCT	 "
Both the English and scientific names of this species mean " wandering falcon ", referring to the migratory habits of many northern populations. Experts recognize 17 to 19 subspecies which vary in appearance and range; there is disagreement over whether the distinctive Barbary falcon is represented by	by	ADP	two	NUM	 two
Tropical Storm Beryl continued to track to the northwest toward the Rio Grande Valley area in the southern portion of the U.S. state of Texas. The storm made landfall early on August 15 along the Mexican coast about 105 mi (165 km) south of Brownsville, Texas	Texas	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
Popular rides included the 60 mph (97 km / h) Bobs roller coaster and the Scenic Railway. Other entertainments included grand firework displays from 1852 and an annual Christmas circus from 1922. Music and dancing were popular attractions in Belle Vue's various ballrooms. The	The	DET	Kings	PROPN	 Kings
In 1928, when he was 14, he composed an orchestral cycle, Quatre chansons françaises, setting words by Victor Hugo and Paul Verlaine. Brett comments that though the work is much influenced by Wagner on the one hand and French mannerisms on the other, "	"	PUNCT	the	DET	 the
He is also remembered for performing as a drag queen at the Black Cat Bar and as the founder of the Imperial Court System. Sarria was born to Julio Sarria and Maria Dolores Maldonado. His parents did not marry and his father showed no interest in his son	son	NOUN	's	PART	's
There he took part in what the authorities viewed as a revolt: after one of the inmates had insulted a guard and refused to apologize, he and other political prisoners were beaten by the guards for their defiance; Piłsudski lost two teeth and took part in a	a	DET	subsequent	ADJ	 subsequent
The victims ' bodies were taken to the nearby town of Slatina for forensic examination on 17 December. Mackley contacted Croatian authorities and obtained permission to document the autopsies of the victims, but was denied access by authorities in Slatina. Mackley telephoned Croatian Defence Minister Gojko Šušak	Šušak	PROPN	asking	VERB	 asking
It was in this climate of military failure that the discontent among broad sections of the Sicilian Muslim population, hitherto kept in check by successful raiding, erupted into open rebellion. In the later narrative sources, this conflict between the ruling elite and the lower classes is	is	AUX	often	ADV	 often
Track listing All songs written and composed by James Newton Howard. The film's marketing campaign included a panel at the San Diego Comic Con on July 22 2010, and an episodic advergame titled " Day X Exists ", where players watched webisodes and performed missions to	to	PART	unveil	VERB	 unveil
July 18, 1833). Maria Ursula, her parents, and both children died in September 1833 from cholera. Shortly after his marriage Bowie became fascinated with the story of the " lost " Los Almagres Mine (also known as the lost San Saba Mine and	and	CCONJ	the	DET	 the
This came as a result of sophisticated Soviet defense networks, which used surveillance radars and radar guided surface to air missiles (SAM) and anti aircraft artillery to seek and eliminate enemy aircraft. Consequently, the Defense Advanced Research Project Agency (DARPA) started a study	study	NOUN	on	ADP	 on
Hersey had sold some writing to the pulps but his editorial experience was limited to no more than a year's work on several little magazines. He met with Ralston in early 1919 and was immediately hired on the basis of the interview. It is possible that Eugene	Eugene	PROPN	A.	NOUN	 A.
From then on, Kouao kept Climbié away from hospitals, turning instead to churches. Kouao said to the pastors that she was the mother and that demons were inside Climbié. The pastor at the Mission Ensemble Pour Christ, Pascal Orome, offered prayers for Climbié to	to	PART	cast	VERB	 cast
That same night, Hardy gave Anderson a match for the TNA World Heavyweight Championship, immediately following Anderson's victory in a number one contender's match. Despite Matt, Flair, and Bischoff interfering in an attempt to help Hardy, Anderson defeated Hardy for the championship	championship	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
Instead of champagne, red, white, and blue water was sprayed on the aircraft. The 747 entered service on January 22, 1970, on Pan Am's New York – London route; the flight had been planned for the evening of January 21, but	but	CCONJ	engine	NOUN	 engine
Shiva grabs Mohini's hand and embraces her, but Mohini frees herself and runs further. Finally, Shiva grabs her and their " violent coupling " leads to discharge of Shiva's seed which falls " short of its goal, " suggesting the act was not consummated	consummated	VERB	.	PUNCT	.
PA 997 was extended north from Green Village to PA 233 in McCrea, replacing the entire length of PA 333, PA 433 between Lurgan and Roxbury, and PA 944 between Roxbury and McCrea. The route was shifted east to its current alignment between Mont Alto and	and	CCONJ	north	NOUN	 north
This theme is featured in various forms throughout the first section. Following this, a slow section is marked by quiet music which symbolizes the hero's grief. It includes a funeral march, a musical form Dvořák also used in his Requiem, Stabat Mater, and	and	CCONJ	Piano	PROPN	 Piano
The longest measured by Macintosh and Wheeler (1929) was a female 28.5 m (93.5 ft), while the largest male was 26.45 m (87 ft), although one of the same authors later found a male of 26.65 m (87.5 ft) and	and	CCONJ	stated	VERB	 stated
Lange's husband Maynard Dixon had his studio next door, and the Stackpole and Dixon families were close — both men were members of the Bohemian Club. Throughout the 1930s, Stackpole worked frequently with architect Timothy Pflueger on various commissions. Beginning in 1929 when the two	two	NUM	men	NOUN	 men
By April 70, Jerusalem was under siege by four legions, and even after the city walls were overcome, the defenders held out in the Temple. Alexander, the offspring of a pious Jewish family, whose own father had donated the gold and silver for the	the	DET	Temple	PROPN	 Temple
Steam turbines gave the design 30,500 shaft horsepower (22,700 kW) and 21 knots, while the main armor belt was 13.5 inches tapering to 8 inches (203 mm) at the ends. This design was further refined and emerged in a completed state in September.	.	PUNCT	The	DET	 The
" They also drink Vernors ginger ale, a soft drink very popular in Indiana. Windell D. Middlebrooks makes a guest appearance as Brian, one of the men attending the during the courtyard party. Middlebrooks was cast simply based on his work on Miller High Life commercials	commercials	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
Its large campus features an eclectic mix of buildings, ranging from nineteenth century Romanesque Revival structures to contemporary buildings. SU is organized into 13 schools and colleges, with nationally recognized programs in information studies and library science, architecture, communications, business administration, inclusive education	education	NOUN	and	CCONJ	 and
As he departed other members of his Geschwader (Wing) dived on the Squadron and an inconclusive dogfight ensued. Schöpfel's victims were Donald McKay and Pilot Officers J.W Bland, Kenneth Lee and F. Kozlowski. Bland was the only one killed. Both the Do 17s	17s	NOUN	and	CCONJ	 and
Analyzing this film helped the director deal with the large cast and working in many different locations for Traffic. Half of the first day's footage came out overexposed and unusable. Before the financiers or studio bosses knew about the problem, Soderbergh was already doing reshoots.	.	PUNCT	The	DET	 The
! " have been called " wonderful ". The introduction of Ryō as a cross dressing idol has been praised by one reviewer who called him the cutest out of the three playable idols because of both his appearance and his personality. Miyokawa suggested that Ryō may have	have	AUX	been	AUX	 been
The ground's inauguration game was played several months before, on 13 April 2009, against Örgryte IS. Malmö FF won the game 3 – 0, and the first goal was scored by midfielder Labinot Harbuzi. All facilities related to football were completed by this time	time	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
Following his graduation, Griffin became a political worker at the National Front headquarters. As a teenager he had accompanied his father to a National Front meeting, and by 1978, he was a national organiser for the party. He helped set up the White Noise Music	Music	PROPN	Club	PROPN	 Club
He describes the spiral of Archimedes before moving on to the logarithmic spiral, which has the property of never changing its shape: it is equiangular and is continually self similar. Shells as diverse as Haliotis, Triton, Terebra and Nautilus (illustrated with a halved shell	shell	NOUN	and	CCONJ	 and
Saints were believed to have an active power after death, and the reformers made great efforts to transfer saints ' remains and relics from obscure minsters to their own new establishments. Characteristically, Æthelwold showed great energy in this. Gifts of land and other possessions to a	a	DET	church	NOUN	 church
The highway turns northwest at the South Hill Mall onto 31st Avenue and intersects the SR 512 freeway in a partial cloverleaf interchange, beginning a 3.41 mile long (5.49 km) concurrency. SR 161 and SR 512 travel north on a freeway in Puyallup, intersecting Meridian	Meridian	PROPN	Street	PROPN	 Street
Before the end of the half, Hyypiä had a chance to score after running past Scaloni and Harewood, but his shot went wide of the West Ham goal. Just after the start of the second half of extra time, Liverpool had the first chance. Kromkamp	Kromkamp	PROPN	advanced	VERB	 advanced
As one walked into the tunnel, there is an enlarged chamber allowing for two way human traffic. This was important since the walkways in the tunnel tend to be very narrow. The tunnel then splits into two. One leads to the cartridge storeroom and hoist area	area	NOUN	while	SCONJ	 while
Burges remodelled the castle in a Gothic revival style, lavishing money and attention on the main range. The resulting interior designs are considered to be amongst " the most magnificent that the gothic revival ever achieved ". The grounds were re landscaped and, following the discovery	discovery	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
Shortly thereafter, Kariya played in his 500th career NHL game, against the Philadelphia Flyers, a contest in which he recorded a hat trick to lead his team to a 5 – 4 win. Though he finished with a team leading 57 points over 82 games,	,	PUNCT	the	DET	 the
Against the background of a deteriorating communist shortage economy and unwillingness to negotiate seriously with Solidarity, it became increasingly clear that the Communist government would eventually have to suppress the Solidarity movement as the only way out of the impasse, or face a truly revolutionary situation. The	The	DET	atmosphere	NOUN	 atmosphere
On the week ending September 11, 2009, " Supergirl " debuted and peaked at number fifty eight on the Austrian Singles Chart, marking Cyrus ' first appearance in the country as Montana; it also dropped from the Austrian Singles Chart after one week. Along with	with	ADP	its	PRON	 its
For taxation purposes, the whole was assessed at two geld units. Filwood Park, in the southern part of the area was part of the parish of Whitchurch until incorporated into Bristol in 1930. In Anglo Saxon times Filwood Chase was part of the royal hunting estate	estate	NOUN	known	VERB	 known
Townshend became inspired by " Long Live Rock – Rock Is Dead " ' s theme and in autumn 1972 began writing material, while the group put out unreleased recordings including " Join Together " and " Relay " to keep themselves in the public eye. In the	the	DET	meantime	NOUN	 meantime
The following day the division improved its position. Strong point " Lion ", to the south west of " Tiger ", was captured, but an attempt to capture the remaining sections of " Tugun " was repelled. As a result of the fighting, the	the	DET	division	NOUN	 division
She was then sent to Cherbourg in December. In late March 1945, Lorraine left Cherbourg to participate in her final wartime operations, codenamed Vénérable and Vermeille. In the operations, which took place in April, the French Navy focused on eliminating a pocket of German	German	ADJ	resistance	NOUN	 resistance
Many sought to vest Hamilton with command authority over the army, and they also resisted giving prominent Democratic Republicans positions in the army, which Adams wanted to do in order to gain bipartisan support. By building a large standing army, Hamilton's supporters raised popular alarms	alarms	NOUN	and	CCONJ	 and
West Carnifax (Southwestern Shipbuilding No. 1) was laid down on 17 July as the first ship of the new Southwestern Shipbuilding shipyard. She was launched at 09: 30 on 19 October 1918 by sponsor Marcoreta Hellman, the six year old daughter of yard superintendent	superintendent	NOUN	Marco	PROPN	 Marco
Instead he advocated hard work, family values, integrity, and self discipline. Biographer Leycester Coltman described Castro as " fiercely hard working, dedicated [,] loyal... generous and magnanimous " but noted that he could be " vindictive and unforgiving ". He asserted	asserted	VERB	that	SCONJ	 that
If Fireforce were available, it would arrive and engage the cadres; if not, the stick in the field would have to handle the situation itself. At first, men from 7 Independent Company were sent out in sticks mixed with the Territorials, but problems soon	soon	ADV	arose	VERB	 arose
He oversaw a 1 – 0 win over Rochdale at Belle Vue in his first match in charge. Results fluctuated during the 1978 – 79 season, demonstrated by a 7 – 1 defeat to struggling Bournemouth punctuating a run of five wins in six games. Rovers ended	ended	VERB	the	DET	 the
The nickname is sometimes more loosely used to refer to the Electric Company Offense for the Bills offensive unit or the Electric Company Buffalo Bills for the teams of this era. During these years, Simpson established NFL records for single season rushing yards (1973), single	single	ADJ	season	NOUN	 season
He described the work as an " erotic love story which is full of sexual yearning ". While directing, Michell sought to emphasise contrasts in Austen's story, seen for instance between " the chilly formality of Kellynch Hall and the warm, wet feel of Uppercross	Uppercross	PROPN	"	PUNCT	 "
The lower deck, level with the edge of the chasm, would convey passengers and carriages, and the upper deck, 18 feet (5.5 m) above, would allow fully laden trains to continue their journeys non stop, albeit at a speed of 5 miles	miles	NOUN	per	ADP	 per
Bootlegs began to increase in size, with multi CD packages being common. In 1999, a 4 CD set was released containing three and a half hours of recording sessions for the Beach Boys ' " Good Vibrations ", spanning seven months. The tightening of laws	laws	NOUN	and	CCONJ	 and
Wakefield's replacement as resident agent in Nelson for the New Zealand Company, William Fox, was a keen advocate of expansion for settlement in the area around Nelson. Fox authorised Heaphy and a surveyor to scout south west to the Buller River in November 1843. In	In	ADP	December	PROPN	 December
[...] The best thing for me is that I enjoy going to work every day and have some great friends there, including the crew. It's awesome to do something you love every single day. " Before she entered Neighbours, Natasha was described as	as	ADP	being	AUX	 being
Today, the majority of all subway delays are caused by signal problems. Whenever a signal stops working, all of the signals behind of it turn red, as it is uncertain whether there is a train in that section. In the late 1990s and early 2000s	2000s	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
After leaving the family home at the age of 13, Sanders passed through several professions, with mixed success. In 1930, he took over a Shell filling station on US Route 25 just outside North Corbin, Kentucky, a small town on the edge of the	the	DET	Appalachian	PROPN	 Appalachian
And this morning we honor his memory and we take strength from his example. Librescu received many academic honors during his work in the Engineering Science and Mechanics Department at Virginia Tech, serving as chair or invited as a keynote speaker of several International Congresses on Thermal Stresses	Stresses	PROPN	and	CCONJ	 and
That section, from Crestwood to Boulevard, was to begin construction soon after the $3 million (about $40 million in 2015 dollars) contract was given out in January 1966. The coming of the freeway from both west and east of Jacumba was projected to	to	PART	be	AUX	 be
Hurricane Fox killed at least 40 people across the island, causing severe crop damages in rural areas. The hurricane also ruined 30 percent of the tomato crops on Eleuthera in the Bahamas. Across the archipelago, Fox produced wind gusts in excess of 110 mph (175	175	NUM	km	NOUN	 km
The most significant event of the tour occurred in late July 1954. Chinese airplanes had shot down a Douglas DC 4 passenger aircraft operated by Cathay Pacific Airways near Hainan Island off the Chinese coast. The Chinese military had believed it to be a Taiwanese military airplane.	.	PUNCT	Philippine	PROPN	 Philippine
The restoration of his traction engine was almost complete; later that year, however, Dibnah had another checkup at Christie Hospital and was told that a large tumour had been found on his bladder. Dibnah had another course of chemotherapy, but this time the treatment was	was	AUX	unsuccessful	ADJ	 unsuccessful
In 1730, Vaccarini arrived in Catania as the appointed city architect and immediately impressed on the architecture the Roman Baroque style. The pilasters lose their rustication and support Roman type cornices and entablatures, or curved pediments, and free standing columns support balconies. Vaccarini also exploited	exploited	VERB	the	DET	 the
Based on satellite imagery, it is estimated the system developed into Tropical Depression One E early on June 1, about 345 miles (555 km) south of the Gulf of Tehuantepec. The tropical cyclone was never well organized, and after its formation, the convection	convection	NOUN	became	AUX	 became
The review enjoyed the way the episode set the stage for the apparent death, resurrection, and de aging for Princess Bubblegum, which became a major plot point in the next season. Matt Fowler of IGN praised both " Mortal Folly " and " Mortal Recoil "	"	PUNCT	,	PUNCT	,
During his first gig, Taylor did not perform wearing a mask; however, for his second show nearly a month later, Corey wore a mask that resembles his debut album mask. Taylor's current mask was described by MTV's Chris Harris as looking " as	as	SCONJ	though	SCONJ	 though
In February 2008, Kemp was associated with a group called " Defense of Democracies " that was advocating an electronic surveillance bill that failed in the House of Representatives. The group's television ad caused such controversy that some of its advisors, including Schumer and Donna Brazile	Brazile	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
In the second round St Johnstone faced the defending champions Ross County, also away from home, at Victoria Park. Kenny Deuchar scored the first goal for St Johnstone in the 14th minute before Andy Jackson scored the game's only other goal in the 49th minute to	to	PART	secure	VERB	 secure
The radicalism of the East End contributed to the formation of the Labour Party, and Sylvia Pankhurst based campaigns for women's votes in the area and organised the first Communist Party in England here. Official attempts to address the overcrowded housing began at the beginning of the	the	DET	20th	ADJ	 20th
Ayola said of the relationship at the time: " It's love! Well, she loves him but I think he loves moving around the world more. He's a drifter. I wouldn't put any money on a happy ending for them. He's	's	AUX	such	DET	 such
On 19 July 2008, being the 92nd anniversary of the Battle of Fromelles, a replica of the 1998 sculpture by Peter Corlett in the Australian Memorial Park, Fromelles was unveiled. This depicts Sergeant Simon Fraser, 57th Battalion, (a farmer from Byaduk, Victoria	Victoria	PROPN	)	PUNCT	)
Over 80 bands were due to perform that day, including Damon Albarn's The Good, the Bad and the Queen. The cancellation increased the pressure on the already strained finances of the festival. On Friday 20 July 2007 Bristol Community Festival Ltd, the not for	for	ADP	profit	NOUN	 profit
A film adaptation is being developed, and will be produced by and star Nicole Kidman. Cleave spent his early childhood in West Africa, which he credits for having partially inspired The Other Hand. Further inspiration came from Cleaves's temporary employment while studying experimental psychology at	at	ADP	the	DET	 the
This force was designated No. 79 Squadron while at Tengah Air Base in Singapore on 29 May. (I) The squadron arrived at Ubon Air Base in the Ubon Ratchathani Province of eastern Thailand on 1 June 1962 and flew its first operational patrol four days later	later	ADV	.	PUNCT	.
Disgusted with what he perceived as the government's lack of trust in the military, Oerip tendered his resignation, although he continued to serve as an advisor to the Minister of Defence, Vice President Hatta. After several months of growing steadily weaker and undergoing treatment from	from	ADP	Dr	PROPN	 Dr
While he did not acquire much playing time during his second year, his stepbrother, Demetris McDaniel, was the star of the team. Wade grew four inches in the summer before his junior year and saw an increase in playing time, averaging 20.7 points and 7.6	7.6	NUM	rebounds	NOUN	 rebounds
Vishvavasu tells Rama to seek the help of Sugriva, who would know where Ravana stays. Kabandha also assured Rama that he would definitely meet Sita again. In the Mahavira charita, the divine person that leaves the funeral pyre informs Rama that he is Danu and a	a	DET	curse	NOUN	 curse
Most dysprosium compounds are soluble in water, though dysprosium carbonate tetrahydrate (Dy2 (CO3) 3 · 4H2O) and dysprosium oxalate decahydrate (Dy2 (C2O4) 3 · 10H2O) are both insoluble in water. Two of the most abundant dysprosium carbonates, tengerite- (	(	PUNCT	Dy	PROPN	Dy
When writing music, Vinnie claimed; " we put no boundaries on it... we wanted it to be very diverse ", and Darrell said " We wanted to stretch out and expand our capabilities to their fullest. " The band changed its name to Damageplan and	and	CCONJ	decided	VERB	 decided
Mega Man 5 carries over the same graphical style and action platforming gameplay as the four preceding chapters in the series. The game introduces a new character, Beat, a robotic bird that the player can use as a weapon once a series of eight collectable letters are	are	AUX	found	VERB	 found
The US introduced the threshold concept to the Soviets at the Geneva arms control conference in January 1960 and the Soviets, in March, responded favorably, suggesting a threshold of a given seismic magnitude. Talks broke down as a result of the U 2 Crisis of 1960	1960	NUM	in	ADP	 in
Compared to other skiers in the class, the skier with cerebral palsy may tire more quickly. In teaching skiers with cerebral palsy, instructors are encouraged to delay the introduction ski poles as skiers may overgrip them. Use of a ski bra is also encourage as it	it	PRON	helps	VERB	 helps
There is no agreement among modern scholars on how to interpret this: " Aduluald " might be intended as a representation of " Æthelwald ", and hence this may be an indication of another king, perhaps a subking of west Kent; or it may be merely	merely	ADV	a	DET	 a
Richardson envisioned a large auditorium of thousands of people performing the calculations and passing them to others. However, the sheer number of calculations required was too large to be completed without the use of computers, and the size of the grid and time steps led to unrealistic	unrealistic	ADJ	results	NOUN	 results
Instead of retreating to the third line of defences, the Poles remained outside the town, hoping to retake it the following day. News of the defeat at Radzymin reached Warsaw the same day, causing panic among both the government and ordinary people. The following day	day	NOUN	the	DET	 the
Ochetellus ants are omnivores that feed primarily on arthropods, but they show a preference for fluids and sweets when they enter human houses. Workers will prey on Ornithoptera richmondia eggs, fruit fly pupae, Plutella larvae and attack wasp nests. Honeydew, nectar, Pacific reef	reef	NOUN	heron	NOUN	 heron
Details of the other hands are difficult to make out on the statue shown. In the standard configuration, Ganesha typically holds an axe or a goad in one upper arm and a pasha (noose) in the other upper arm. In rare instances, he may	may	AUX	be	AUX	 be
Marmots warm their bodies about every ten days. Olympic marmots lose 50% of their body mass over the seven to eight months of winter hibernation. Hibernation is the most dangerous time for the Olympic marmot as, in years of light snowfall, as many as 50	50	NUM	%	NOUN	%
The developers contacted casting agencies, and asked their friends and families if they would like to appear as extras in the game. Over 75 people were scanned in a three day period. They were seated in chairs and told not to move or smile, and a	a	DET	high	ADJ	 high
Zack Handlen of The A.V. Club awarded the episode a " B + " and wrote that the episode, " finds Duchovny back on his feet and ready for action, and he brings a new energy to the part. " He enjoyed the way the show presented	presented	VERB	the	DET	 the
In 1983 the telescope was named after Edwin Hubble, who made one of the greatest scientific breakthroughs of the 20th century when he discovered that the universe is expanding. Once the Space Telescope project had been given the go ahead, work on the program was divided among	among	ADP	many	ADJ	 many
The London County Council and the City Corporation also supported the plan. The Metropolitan Railway opposed, seeing further competition to its services on the Inner Circle. Questions were raised in Parliament about the safety of tunnelling so close to the vaults of many City banks and the	the	DET	risk	NOUN	 risk
There were some dissenting voices: Sight & Sound described it as an " expensively gift wrapped Saturday afternoon pot boiler ", and New Hollywood champion Pauline Kael, who once contended that she only got " really rough " on large films that were destined to be hits	hits	NOUN	but	CCONJ	 but
On the first play of Alabama's fourth offensive possession, Corey Lemonier forced a McCarron fumble that was recovered for a touchdown by Kenneth Carter to cut the Crimson Tide lead to 14 – 7 at the end of the first quarter. A pair of long drives in	in	ADP	the	DET	 the
Video footage and photographs from shows at the Minneapolis Orpheum Theatre and the Milwaukee Eagles Ballroom (showing them performing " Disposable Teens " and " The Fight Song ") were posted on the band's website November 2. From November 1 to November 13, the UK	UK	PROPN	division	NOUN	 division
After the outbreak of war in early August, Emden captured the Russian steamer Ryazan and brought her back to Tsingtau. Since Cormoran was still out of service, she was decommissioned and her crew was used to man Ryazan, which was commissioned as the auxiliary cruiser Cormoran	Cormoran	PROPN	.	PUNCT	.
Agaricales specialist Rolf Singer included Suillus brevipes in the subsection Suillus of genus Suillus, an infrageneric (a taxonomic level below genus) grouping of species characterized by a cinnamon brown spore print, and pores less than 1 mm wide. Molecular phylogenetic analyses of ribosomal DNA sequences	sequences	NOUN	shows	VERB	 shows
In Malaysia, Webber started 4th on the grid and was still running in that position before a hydraulics failure ended his race on lap 14. In his home race, Webber qualified seventh and was leading the race before his gearbox failed on lap 22. Webber had	had	AUX	taken	VERB	 taken
Keith DeCandido reviewed the episode for Tor.com in May 2011. He said the episode " collapses under the weight of its own ridiculousness ", and he criticized the Edo as caricatures. DeCandido thought that the plot involving Wesley was predictable, but that the scripting for Picard	Picard	PROPN	helped	VERB	 helped
The implication was that Shackleton's breakdown had caused the relatively unimpressive southern record. Scott eventually resumed his naval career, first as an assistant to the Director of Naval Intelligence and then, in August 1906, as Flag captain to Rear Admiral George Egerton on HMS Victorious	Victorious	PROPN	.	PUNCT	.
It was rated by the superintendent of the Wallkill Valley Railroad to be safe for rail traffic as fast as 40 miles per hour (64 km / h). The bridge's decking and benches were put in place in 1993 by volunteers and members of the nearby	nearby	ADJ	Hutterite	ADJ	 Hutterite
1970 was the final time the stadium was used for World Championship speedway. Mauger would go on to break Ove Fundin's record of 5 World Championships by winning the title on 6 occasions. Sweden later regained a share of the record when Tony Rickardsson would win 6	6	NUM	World	PROPN	 World
On December 19, Taylor became the first convict in 40 years to be sent to death row by a Weber County court. Roth said that the facts of the case outweighed any mitigating circumstances. Taylor's father Albert attended most of his son's court proceedings until	until	SCONJ	he	PRON	 he
" The cover has been parodied on several occasions, not least from McCartney's own 1993 live album, Paul Is Live. The Red Hot Chili Peppers ' The Abbey Road E.P. parodies the cover with the band crossing a similar zebra crossing near naked, though the	the	DET	musical	ADJ	 musical
Short for Hybrid Configuration, this design doubles the forward most and rear most holds and leaves the others single hulled. This approach increases the ship's solidity at key points, while reducing the overall tare weight. Since the adoption of double hull has been more of	of	ADP	an	DET	 an
The team lost while Jackson spent most of the time on the bench. By January 2003, Jackson had played over 100 games with Australia's senior side. She competed in the 2003 World Championships and was named the International Basketball Federation's Most Valuable Player. At	At	ADP	the	DET	 the
The result served the political purposes of the scribe, but is riddled with contradictions for historians. The contradictions may be seen clearly by calculating dates by different methods from the various sources. The first event in West Saxon history, the date of which can be regarded	regarded	VERB	as	ADP	 as
Because the bomber's return fire was considered so dangerous, fighter pilots were trained to open fire at long range, 300 to 400 yards, then break away without closing to short range. These tactics, practised so thoroughly over the years, proved totally useless to	to	ADP	the	DET	 the
In this updated scenario, the consultants reduced the scale of the recommended system. The supplementary report stated that the originally suggested four tracks between Admiralty Station and Mong Kok Station should be reduced to two, and only parts of the Island Line, Tsuen Wan Line,	,	PUNCT	and	CCONJ	 and
The criteria for judging the winner of the pageant allotted 80 percent to physical beauty, leaving just 20 percent to be divided evenly between personality and intelligence. Bediones later defended San Miguel, saying " I admire her for not buckling under the pressure and for being as	as	ADV	blatantly	ADV	 blatantly
Coquillat was in turn replaced by María José Mora Devis on 19 August 1999. # Romero was replaced by Joan Pla Durá on 12 April 1999. Turnout = 81.8% * On 10 June 1994, Albero was replaced by Javier Paniagua Fuentes, a former deputy who	who	PRON	had	AUX	 had
Diocletian's attempts to bring the Egyptian tax system in line with Imperial standards stirred discontent, and a revolt swept the region after Galerius ' departure. The usurper L. Domitius Domitianus declared himself Augustus in July or August 297. Much of Egypt, including Alexandria, recognized	recognized	VERB	his	PRON	 his
Two alternatives emerged: an accurate reconstruction of the mansard roof, or a flat pitched roof. Timber was in short supply, so a pitched roof requiring 214 square metres (2,300 sq ft) of timber was chosen, instead of a mansard roof requiring 930 square	square	ADJ	metres	NOUN	 metres
This high concentration of macromolecules in cytosol causes an effect called macromolecular crowding, which is when the effective concentration of other macromolecules is increased, since they have less volume to move in. This crowding effect can produce large changes in both the rates and the position of	of	ADP	chemical	ADJ	 chemical
The " Bardello " act of the concert commenced with a mashup of " Breathe " and " Je t ' aime... moi non plus ", a 1969 French duet between Serge Gainsbourg and Jane Birkin. Craig McLean from the Daily Telegraph described the backup dancers during	during	ADP	this	DET	 this
Shortly after its relaunch, one food critic described Schwa as even better than before, saying it was an " Oscar worthy redemption story. " Later in 2008, Michelle Obama ate at the restaurant. Carlson joked that it was good thing that Barack did not join	join	VERB	her	PRON	 her
As a result she used a narrative synthesis review format, which, " lacks precision, " but allows the summarization of studies of different types, sizes, outcome measures and aims. She suggests the primary limitation of her review is that a number of relevant studies	studies	NOUN	exist	VERB	 exist
When they arrived in Hawaii, they were greeted by George Patton and his wife Bea. Patton was on duty in Honolulu and had sailed his own boat from San Diego to Hawaii, and later sailed it back to the states at the end of his tour.	.	PUNCT	Middleton	PROPN	 Middleton
In 1793 (during Nawab Mubarak ud Daulah's reign), the Nizamat (military power, civil and criminal justice) was abolished, British East India company thus annexed this former Mughal province as part of their empire and took complete control of the region, and	and	CCONJ	the	DET	 the
The outstanding Scottish composer of the first half of the sixteenth century was Robert Carver (c. 1488 – 1558), a canon of Scone Abbey. Five masses and two votive antiphons have survived in his choirbook. One of the masses provides the only example of the	the	DET	use	NOUN	 use
Being the first accessible ocean going IJN submarine lost after Pearl Harbor, USN divers attempted to enter I 124 in order to obtain its code books, but were unsuccessful. Following the conquest of the western Pacific the Japanese mounted a number of reconnaissance patrols into Australian waters	waters	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
Finally, the thirteenth episode was dropped and they made the twelfth episode 10 minutes longer (52 minutes). The finale aired on December 21, 2011. The opening title sequence was created by Kyle Cooper and his company Prologue. He also created the title sequence	sequence	NOUN	for	ADP	 for
Four years later he was made Surveyor General of the King's Works in Scotland, with a salary of £3600 Scots (£300 Sterling, or £44,000 in 2016), for the purpose of rebuilding Holyroodhouse. In March 1671, Bruce was part of	of	ADP	a	DET	 a
Under the direct command of the Earl of Forth, the Royalists laid siege to the city; Rupert had suggested a direct assault, but this proposal was not adopted due to fears of high casualties. By 11 August, the Royalist trenches were dug and the artillery	artillery	NOUN	prepared	VERB	 prepared
There have been unconfirmed findings of this slug reported from Navarra. Natura 2000 sites for this species in Spain include 48 localities (listed below, grouped by region): Asturias Muniellos; Ponga — Amieva; Redes; Cantabria Camesa river; Liebana (Special Area of Conservation	Conservation	PROPN	;	PUNCT	;
" To help combat the negative press, Aberhart resolved to gain control of the Albertan, the one paper of note to show him any support. He formed a company that acquired an option to purchase it, and used his radio program to promote the purchase of	of	ADP	shares	NOUN	 shares
Modell said the true to life way the boys formed their wrestling company was " great " and that the parody of professional wrestling as on target, but also said they " have been told a million times before. They're not really jokes at this point.	.	PUNCT	"	PUNCT	 "
Reznor later released the first nine tracks of Ghosts I – IV and the entirety of The Slip in 2008 for free download. In another post on his website, Reznor again openly criticized Universal Music Group for preventing him from launching an official interactive fan remix website.	.	PUNCT	Universal	PROPN	 Universal
Entertainment Weekly's Joseph Brannigan Lynch also gave it an " A − ", and said Criss " captured the excitement and the spunky bravado of the original ". MTV's Kevin P. Sullivan was another fan of " the sheer awesomeness of Darren Criss " on the	the	DET	song	NOUN	 song
ESPN commentator Lee Corso's rental car was struck by lightning, and the game was postponed due to severe weather. It was never rescheduled and eventually was canceled. After the BCA Classic was canceled, Virginia Tech opened the regular season with a 52 – 23 blowout	blowout	NOUN	win	NOUN	 win
The goal of the Polish Ukrainian treaty was to establish an independent Ukraine and independent Poland in alliance, resembling that once existing within Polish Lithuanian Commonwealth In return, Petliura gave up Ukrainian claims to western lands of Galicia being a historical part of the Crown of Poland,	,	PUNCT	for	ADP	 for
The illustrations depict the new barn and outbuildings at Hill Top, the wrought iron gate Potter installed at the kitchen garden, the rhubarb patch, the entrance porch at the farmhouse, the exterior of the Tower Bank Arms in the village, and imagined aerial views of	of	ADP	the	DET	 the
Although after the construction of the Eastern Parkway extension, the highway north of Canberra Avenue was signed with the Alternate National Route 23 route marker. The section of the Monaro Highway between Steeple Flat and Cooma was also signed the National Route 18 shield in addition to the	the	DET	National	PROPN	 National
It spent 32 weeks on the Billboard 200, and by July 2013, it had sold 1,351,000 copies in the United States, according to Nielsen SoundScan. My Beautiful Dark Twisted Fantasy received rave reviews from critics. At Metacritic, which assigns a normalized rating out of	of	ADP	100	NUM	 100
About 20 percent of PRSA's members are accredited. PRSA hosts the Anvil awards, which are issued based on four components: research, planning, execution and evaluation. The Gold Anvil is awarded to individuals. The Silver Anvil is awarded for strategy and the Bronze	Bronze	PROPN	for	ADP	 for
Serviles, the Shapers ' slaves created from life essence, show abnormal intelligence and self awareness. While still reeling from the revelation of what lies beyond Drypeak, the Shaper apprentice discovers that Shanti has disappeared during one of her escapes from her armed escorts, her necklace	necklace	NOUN	lay	VERB	 lay
Child of the Sun (1966), a novel by Lance Horner and Kyle Onstott, better known for writing the novel that inspired the movie Mandingo Super Eliogabalo (1969), a novel by the Italian writer Alberto Arbasino Boy Caesar (2004), a novel	novel	NOUN	by	ADP	 by
Due to the severity of crop losses, farmers would be given a grant from the government that would cover 50% of their losses, including infrastructural. A tax break was also given to most residents who suffered damage from Delta. Fishermen of the Canary Islands had	had	VERB	to	PART	 to
In 23 appearances for the Marlins in 2002, which included two relief appearances, he was 6 – 7 with a 4.10 ERA and 113 strikeouts. Beckett was named the Marlins opening day starting pitcher in 2003, and at 23 years old was the youngest opening day	day	NOUN	starter	NOUN	 starter
Long's ascension with the Dolphins was part of an effort to overhaul the offensive line that had allowed 42 sacks and produced the 29th rated of 32 offenses the previous season. The Dolphins hired new coach Tony Sparano and employed Bill Parcells as Executive Vice President in charge	charge	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
A penny Prayer book, admittedly sold at a loss, can not compete in mass of matter with many of the books to be bought for a few cash in China. When it is considered, too, that a block has been laboriously cut for each leaf	leaf	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
This inhibitor binds tightly to trypsin, preventing the trypsin activity that would otherwise be detrimental to the organ. Although the trypsin inhibitor is a protein, it avoids being hydrolysed as a substrate by the protease by excluding water from trypsin's active site and destabilising the transition	transition	NOUN	state	NOUN	 state
Considerable expansion occurred during the last two decades of the 12th century and the first two or three decades of the 13th century. The south and west ranges were demolished and rebuilt, enlarging the cloister from about 36 feet (11 m) by 32 feet (10	10	NUM	m	NOUN	 m
The male can inseminate the hermaphrodite, which will preferentially use male sperm (both types of sperm are stored in the spermatheca). The sperm of C. elegans is ameboid, lacking flagella and acrosomes. When self inseminated, the wild type worm will lay about 300	300	NUM	eggs	NOUN	 eggs
Over the next few months, Bianca becomes the beneficiary of a mystery " guardian angel ", who is revealed to be Whitney. Whitney tells Bianca she found a winning lottery ticket, but kept it secret as she knew that Bianca would spend the money. Bianca	Bianca	PROPN	reluctantly	ADV	 reluctantly
Furthermore, in addressing themes such as alcoholism, incest, rape, and racial violence, Lee wrote about her small town realistically rather than melodramatically. She portrays the problems of individual characters as universal underlying issues in every society. As children coming of age, Scout	Scout	PROPN	and	CCONJ	 and
However, these categories are not entirely mutually exclusive. It is possible for a behaviour to be both deimatic and aposematic, if it both startles a predator and indicates the presence of antipredator adaptations. Vertebrates including several species of frog put on warning displays; some of	of	ADP	these	DET	 these
In May 1865, after the major Confederate armies had surrendered, Sherman wrote in a personal letter: I confess, without shame, I am sick and tired of fighting — its glory is all moonshine; even success the most brilliant is over dead and mangled bodies	bodies	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
A native of Tours, John was an Angevin French physician to King William I of England, being present at the king's deathbed in 1087. William of Malmesbury, the medieval chronicler, called him " a very skilled doctor, not in theoretical knowledge, but	but	CCONJ	in	ADP	 in
The medicinal value of Artemisia annua has been used by Chinese herbalists in traditional Chinese medicines for 2,000 years. In 1596, Li Shizhen recommended tea made from qinghao specifically to treat malaria symptoms in his " Compendium of Materia Medica ". Artemisinins, discovered by Chinese scientist	scientist	NOUN	Tu	PROPN	 Tu
By July, Robert had formed an army and a fleet, ready to move against Henry in England. Raising the stakes in the conflict, Henry seized Flambard's lands and, with the support of Anselm, Flambard was removed from his position as bishop. Henry	Henry	PROPN	held	VERB	 held
The European Cup Winners ' Cup, later retitled the UEFA Cup Winners ' Cup, was founded in 1960 and involved the winning clubs of national cup competitions in Europe. Arsenal, in the First Division at the time, were ineligible for both competitions, given that	that	SCONJ	the	DET	 the
They played their home games at Regents Field in Ann Arbor, Michigan and competed in the newly established Western Conference, later to be known as the Big Ten Conference. The team, with William Ward as head coach, started the season with nine consecutive wins in	in	ADP	which	PRON	 which
" Jim makes plans for a vacation anywhere away from Scranton. While that is going on, the other employees subtly duel over the thermostat. At the end of the episode, Jim tells Pam that he will be going to Australia and unfortunately, he will be	be	AUX	missing	VERB	 missing
Thus, unnoticed by historians of Clan Lachlan, Gillespie MacLachlan figures on the Ragman Roll as ' Gilascope fiz Rouland, de counte de Perth ' ". Sometime between 1306 and 1322 Gillespie received, in charter from Robert I of Scotland, the ten pennyland of "	"	PUNCT	Schyrwaghthyne	PROPN	 Schyrwaghthyne
And who is them? I mean I think we all tend to objectify people who we don't know much about and I think that's the audience's view of The Others right now -- they are bad, they are the malevolent force on the island.	.	PUNCT	But	CCONJ	 But
Two law officers arrested Smith, but were intercepted by a party of Mormons before they could reach Missouri. Smith was then released on a writ of habeas corpus from the Nauvoo municipal court. While this ended the Missourians ' attempts at extradition, it caused significant political	political	ADJ	fallout	NOUN	 fallout
Roush also notes that the first two weeks show how Claire " runs a charity with a brutally iron fist ". While Frank is Machiavellian, Claire presents a woman urging on her husband's assertion of power in the image of Lady Macbeth. Hank Stuever of The	The	DET	Washington	PROPN	 Washington
During his childhood, Virginia was racially segregated, and he witnessed incidents of racism, including a fight between his father and a white man that was sparked by racial tensions. In 1946, he moved with his mother to New York City, where they settled in	in	ADP	Harlem	PROPN	 Harlem
In short, it can entail the full compass of biological and human activity or any part of it. As Daniel Botkin, author and environmentalist, has stated: " We see a landscape that is always in flux, changing over many scales of time and space	space	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
In 1959 he published Naked Lunch, the first of many works such as The Nova Trilogy and The Wild Boys in which he linked drug use and homosexuality as anti authoritarian activities. By the late 1960s, science fiction and fantasy began to reflect the changes prompted by	by	ADP	the	DET	 the
Due to the cold water temperatures Enrique rapidly weakened, despite favorable atmospheric conditions. The storm degenerated into a remnant low late on July 13 and continued to move west before dissipating after a further 3 days. Enrique had no effects on land, but there were two	two	NUM	ship	NOUN	 ship
The gates would spring open, creating a perfectly fair beginning for all participants. Once the race had begun, the chariots could move in front of each other in an attempt to cause their opponents to crash into the spinae (singular spina). On the top	top	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
The 25th River Boat Brigade and engineer troops were ordered by Stavka to ferry the units over Lake Peipus. Five crossings were built from the Russian settlement of Pnevo across the 2 km (1.2 mi) -wide sound of Lämmijärv to the Estonian village of Mehikoorma. Forty	Forty	NUM	six	NUM	 six
' A ' Squadron established itself there, while ' B ' and ' C ' Squadrons and the Machine Gun Section were sent to Ferry Post. During this time they undertook frequent patrols, with ' A ' Squadron permanently detaching a troop to Badar Mahadat. In	In	ADP	early	ADJ	 early
According to Dyer in 1982, exclusion of netball from the Summer Olympics is part of the historical pattern of the slow growth and gradual acceptance of women's sports. Women first competed in the 1900 Summer Olympics in only three sports: tennis, croquet and golf.	.	PUNCT	Women	PROPN	 Women
She begins a relationship with Ethan Scott (Craig Vye), unaware that he is also dating Theresa McQueen and Liberty Savage. When the women discover his infidelity, they plot their revenge together. Rae tells Ethan she has an STD, Theresa claims to be pregnant	pregnant	ADJ	and	CCONJ	 and
Drew made large numbers of promises to the voters, and attempted to exploit a Defence Ministry scandal which had broken earlier in the year (at the Petawawa, Ontario army base, an investigation had found frauds which included placing horses on the payroll), but the	the	DET	Liberals	PROPN	 Liberals
He was instead appointed to command the 23rd Queensland Regiment, Volunteer Defence Corps, which he led until his retirement from active duty on 8 February 1944. With the outbreak of the Korean War in 1950, wool prices soared and Murray earned a large income from wool	wool	NOUN	sales	NOUN	 sales
Twelve portals are placed around the ring, oriented toward each student's hometown. Twenty seven stones complete the ring, representing the 27 students injured in the collapse. The memorial design has been recognized by several organizations as an outstanding architectural design and masonry accomplishment. The	The	DET	American	PROPN	 American
In June 1934, the portion of NY 118 between Somers and Croton Falls became concurrent to US 202, a new interstate route extending from Delaware to Maine. The alignments of NY 100 and NY 118 north of New Croton Reservoir were flipped c. 1939, placing NY	NY	PROPN	118	NUM	 118
Gay power, gay politics, that's what this report is about. It's not a story about life styles or the average gay experience. What we'll see is the birth of a political movement and the troubling questions it raises for the eighties, not	not	PART	only	ADV	 only
It is a narrow, two lane spur route connecting NY 30 to Horseshoe Lake by way of Tupper Lake. A dead end sign is posted immediately off NY 30, the only route with which it intersects. The entire road is located in the town of Piercefield	Piercefield	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
Estimates of Indonesian deaths in fighting range from 45,000 to 100,000 and civilian dead exceeded 25,000 and may have been as high as 100,000. A total of 1,200 British soldiers were killed or went missing in Java and Sumatra in 1945 and 1946, most of them Indian soldiers	soldiers	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
The program was cancelled after thirteen episodes. The last episode was broadcast in June 2001 and ended on a cliffhanger which was partially resolved in a ninth season episode of The X Files titled " Jump the Shark ". The X Files was converted into a comic book	book	NOUN	series	NOUN	 series
All songs written and composed by Koichi Sugiyama. All songs written and composed by Koichi Sugiyama. The manga adaptation of Dragon Quest VII was published by Enix's Monthly Gangan in Japan. It was illustrated by Kamui Fujiwara, who also worked on another franchise related manga	manga	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
Houston Intercontinental Airport, which typically receives 46.07 inches (1170 mm) of rain in a year, experienced 35.7% of its expected total in the first nine days of June. The deluge flooded 95,000 automobiles and 73,000 houses throughout Harris County. Tropical Storm Allison destroyed	destroyed	VERB	2,744	NUM	 2,744
Love Machine consumes King Kazma and redirects the Arawashi Asteroid Probe onto a collision course with a nuclear power plant. Meanwhile, Natsuki discovers a will left by Sakae and reunites with Kenji and the rest of the group. Natsuki has Wabisuke return home before the family reads	reads	VERB	Sakae	PROPN	 Sakae
The international community feared the worst humanitarian disaster of the war to that point would occur if the RSK or the VRS overran the Bihać pocket. The United States, France and the United Kingdom were divided about the best way to protect the pocket. In August 1990	1990	NUM	,	PUNCT	,
His fellow producers blamed the issues and inconsistencies on his drinking, although his writing had all but stopped by around two thirds of the way through the first season. Gerrold left after the completion of the first season, choosing not to renew his contract due to the	the	DET	issues	NOUN	 issues
As the battle continued, they endured heavy counterattacks as the Germans sought to regain control of the strategically important coast road. Once these had been repelled, the focus of the fighting shifted away from the Australians as British forces were able to launch a break out,	,	PUNCT	which	PRON	 which
’ He has attempted to analyze the moral culpability of Catholics and their leaders, to judge the actors, and to discern how today ’ s Catholics can make material, political and moral restitution ”. Goldhagen's book suggests that the Church owes financial reparation and support	support	NOUN	to	ADP	 to
Both sites have since barred their employees from participating in daily fantasy games. On October 14, 2015, the FBI launched an investigation of its own into the two services regarding the inside information scandal. In the wake of the scandal, multiple class action lawsuits were	were	AUX	filed	VERB	 filed
Players can ram into each other, knocking items from their opponents ' katamaris, and if one player leads by a fair amount, then it is possible to roll up the opponent's katamari. Toru Iwatani, head of research and development for Namco, stated that	that	SCONJ	the	DET	 the
Compton and Edrich batted cautiously to ensure the victory that saw England reclaim the Ashes 1 – 0. He managed only seven Test wickets at 49.00, but his first class form remained strong. After the Tests, Johnston took match figures of 11 / 73 and 9	9	NUM	/	SYM	 /
The impact of Guitar Hero on the music industry has caused music publishers to re evaluate their approach to music licensing and their relationship with the video game industry. The series ' titles became very popular party games, which led them to be played in a variety of	of	ADP	locales	NOUN	 locales
Rio de Janeiro was laid down for the first time in March 1910. By May, the Brazilian government asked Armstrong to stop work on the new warship and to submit new designs which took in the most recent advance in naval technology, super dreadnoughts. Eustace Tennyson	Tennyson	PROPN	d'Eyncourt	PROPN	 d'Eyncourt
Amplitude modulation (AM) was once the main voice mode in amateur radio before being superseded by Single sideband modulation (SSB). But AM has recently become a nostalgic specialty interest on the shortwave ham bands. Vintage radio operation has drawn a wide range of amateur	amateur	ADJ	radio	NOUN	 radio
They introduced cloth making which, together with the local wool trade, became a major industry in Shepton and other towns in Somerset and Wiltshire. Indeed, it appears that wool became such a source of riches for the town that when, in 1496, Henry VII	VII	PROPN	needed	VERB	 needed
Conway believed the strength of the portrait is in part achieved through Dürer's ability to convey this hardship, while at the same time presenting a man still imbued with traces of pride, and possessing " a kind old face ". Noting the obvious affection between the	the	DET	father	NOUN	 father
Fishing for bream, tench, roach, rudd, perch, gudgeon, pike and carp is permitted throughout the year from the towpath of the canal, but almost its whole length is leased to angling associations or fishing clubs. There are a variety of riverside public	public	ADJ	houses	NOUN	 houses
Sweety fights off her brother's henchmen and escapes with Guddu. Charlie tells Mikhail about the cocaine, who is delighted. When Charlie returns to retrieve the case, Bhope and his men are waiting inside the van. One of Bhope's men recognises Guddu as Charlie	Charlie	PROPN	's	PART	's
The BJP parliamentary leader Narendra Modi was sworn in as the 15th Prime Minister of India on 26 May 2014. The vote share of the BJP was 31% of all votes cast, a low figure relative to the number of seats it won. This was the	the	DET	first	ADJ	 first
Non linear editing systems played a large part in translating Lucas ' vision; he constantly tweaked, revised and reworked shots and scenes. The final sound mix was added in March 1999 and the following month the film was completed after the delivery of the remaining visual effects	effects	NOUN	shots	NOUN	 shots
" BioWare initially denied that a PlayStation 3 version was in the works. Despite this, it was reported that the Microsoft Windows version of the game featured lines of code referencing the PlayStation 3. BioWare responded that the Unreal Engine, the game engine that Mass Effect	Effect	PROPN	2	NUM	 2
However the Tri Sviatitelia used Ioann Zlatoust's inaccurate range data and failed to register any hits on the German ship. Tri Sviatitelia and Rostislav bombarded Ottoman fortifications at the mouth of the Bosphorus on 18 March 1915, but only fired 105 rounds before sailing north to rejoin	rejoin	VERB	the	DET	 the
Thus the string writing is mainly in ten different parts, on ten separate staves. In some sections some of these parts are divided even further into separate parts, which are written on the same staff, so that ten staves are still used for a greater number	number	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
Chief Wiggum and his son Ralph move to New Orleans with Seymour Skinner as Wiggum's sidekick. Wiggum has proclaimed that he will " clean up the city " of New Orleans, but it does not take long before he meets his nemesis, Big Daddy, who	who	PRON	warns	VERB	 warns
In the Board of Education of Kiryas Joel Village School District v. Grumet (1994), The Court concluded that " government should not prefer one religion to another, or religion to irreligion. " In a series of cases in the first decade of the 2000s —	—	PUNCT	Van	PROPN	 Van
The first season had a cast of six main actors. Tom Kenny provided the voice of the title character SpongeBob SquarePants and his pet snail Gary. SpongeBob's best friend, a starfish named Patrick Star, was voiced by Bill Fagerbakke, while Rodger Bumpass played the	the	DET	voice	NOUN	 voice
On 8 January 1867 Tamandaré, Bahia and Colombo bombarded Paraguayan fortifications at Curupaity. The Brazilians broke through the river defenses at Curupaity during daylight on 15 August 1867 with Barroso, Tamanadaré, and eight other ironclads. The ships were hit 256 times, but not seriously	seriously	ADV	damaged	VERB	 damaged
Battle honours are awarded to a regiment for their performance in certain battles and campaigns, and are displayed on their colours. The 52nd received the following honours: Hindoostan, Vimeiro, Corunna, Bussaco, Fuentes d'Onor, Ciudad Rodrigo, Badajoz, Salamanca, Vitoria,	,	PUNCT	Nivelle	PROPN	 Nivelle
Second, that a reward would be given for the denunciation of hidden Christians. Third that propagators of the Christian faith should leave the Sendai fief, or else, abandon their religion " (November 1620 letter of father Angelis, Japan China archives of the Jesuits in	in	ADP	Rome	PROPN	 Rome
This definition was expanded on by Slade J in McGovern v Attorney General, where he said that: (1) A trust for research will ordinarily qualify as a charitable trust if, but only if (a) the subject matter of the proposed research is a	a	DET	useful	ADJ	 useful
Partly in response to the situation, British social crediter John Hargrave visited Alberta to advise the government on how it might implement social credit. At a cabinet meeting with Hargrave present, Hugill expressed that the Canadian Constitution did not give to the provinces sufficient powers to implement	implement	VERB	social	ADJ	 social
On the third day, Hooper wants to bring along a shark proof cage. Initially Quint refuses, considering it a suicidal idea, but he relents when Hooper offers him a hundred dollars. On the ocean, the shark finally shows up. Hooper guesses the animal	animal	NOUN	must	AUX	 must
Section 8B (2) contained an ouster clause that restricted the scope of judicial review to any question relating to compliance with any procedural requirements of the ISA governing acts or decisions by the President or the Home Affairs Minister. The amendments to the ISA were made retrospective	retrospective	ADJ	by	ADP	 by
The former proved especially successful, to the point that when a larger armored fire control tower and standard bridge was proposed for the Nevada class, it was rejected in favor of a roomier bridge like that of Florida. The two ships were modernized in 1925 – 27	27	NUM	;	PUNCT	;
Perseus is bordered by Aries and Taurus to the south, Auriga to the east, Camelopardalis and Cassiopeia to the north, and Andromeda and Triangulum to the west. Covering 615 square degrees, it ranks twenty fourth of the 88 constellations in size. It appears prominently	prominently	ADV	in	ADP	 in
The author draws on previously unpublished materials, such as Hubbard's teenage diaries and personal correspondence to colleagues, employers and the FBI, as well as government documents like Hubbard's military service record and FBI file. In an " author's note ", Miller writes	writes	VERB	that	SCONJ	 that
However, the episodes wrapping up the cold war did not reveal the identity of " future guy ", the person from the future who was advising the Suliban. Braga explained in a pre season interview that " Well, we've been debating that for quite some	some	DET	time	NOUN	 time
He also began studying revolutionary politics including the Marxist theory of Henri Lefebvre, who introduced him to the Communist poet Louis Aragon in 1928. Berni continued corresponding with Aragon after leaving France, later recalling, " It is a pity that I have lost, among the	the	DET	many	ADJ	 many
In 1980, a Flint area politician wanted to dedicate a highway after the United Auto Workers (UAW). As a result, the David Dunbar Buick Freeway name was moved off I 475 and applied to I 69 in Flint. The American Association of State Highway	Highway	PROPN	and	CCONJ	 and
The plant uses radio frequency devices to monitor the inventory of materials used to manufacture tyres, such as the 100 metre long strips of rubber tread. Shortages of rubber tread can halt production and so keeping an adequate supply of materials increases efficiency. Despite trade journals discussing	discussing	VERB	this	DET	 this
Stable air ahead of the system inhibited the possibility of rapid development as warm waters supported intensification. By the morning of June 19, the center of circulation was situated along the southern edge of deep convection, indicating that the depression was beginning to degenerate. Despite this	this	PRON	,	PUNCT	,
The game, which was only released in Japan for the Famicom Disk System, was a special promotional version that was given away by the show in December 1986. The creators altered the sprites of the enemies, mushroom retainers, and other characters to look like famous	famous	ADJ	Japanese	ADJ	 Japanese
An estimated 62,200 fans were in attendance, and millions more people watched the game on television. TBS televised the game in the United States, and Gary Bender, Pat Haden, and Craig Sager were the broadcasters. Tennessee won the ceremonial pre game coin toss and	and	CCONJ	elected	VERB	 elected
He did not attack the capital, but waited for almost a year for the city to surrender. In his memoirs, he explains that he did not want to turn his Turks on the city, although contemporaries such as Gregoras accused him of indecision and of needlessly	needlessly	ADV	prolonging	VERB	 prolonging
Some have resigned or have been removed from the order, while other appointments have been controversial. Appointees are presented with insignia and receive the right to armorial bearings. The process of founding the Order of Canada began in early 1966 and came to a conclusion on 17	17	NUM	April	PROPN	 April
It was released as the first single from the band's 2009 self titled debut album on 17 February 2009 through Columbia and Downtown Records. Written by the band alongside Henrik Jonback, " Animal " is a pop song with instrumentation provided by horns and staccato synthesizers.	.	PUNCT	Lead	NOUN	 Lead
The final single from Homework was " Revolution 909 ". It was released in February 1998 and reached number 47 in the UK and number 12 on the Billboard Hot Dance / Club Play chart. In 1999, the duo released a video collection featuring music videos of	of	ADP	tracks	NOUN	 tracks
Ultimately, the jury returns a verdict of not guilty. Angered, Scott promises vengeance. He is ultimately approached by Iraqi dictator Saddam Hussein, proposing a deal: Saddam would assist in getting Terrance and Phillip out of Canada, in exchange for Scott assisting Saddam and	and	CCONJ	his	PRON	 his
Gateway, under auspices of Amtrak, would include a high speed rail right of way from Newark Penn to New York Penn and provide more capacity on New Jersey Transit rail operations. US Congress allocated $15 million for studies for the project in November 2011. It	It	PRON	is	AUX	 is
The nickname was originally a variant on the now rarely seen straw plaiters. Supporters of the club are also called Hatters. The club is associated with two very different colour schemes — white and black (first permanently adopted in 1920), and orange, navy and	and	CCONJ	white	ADJ	 white
The track was made in what was once a vegetated wetland mud flat. It measures 83 centimeters (33 in) long by 71 centimeters (28 in) wide. A second footprint that may have been made by a Tyrannosaurus was first reported in 2007 by British	British	ADJ	paleontologist	NOUN	 paleontologist
" [He] put the gay vote on the map ", said Terence Kissack, former executive director of the GLBT Historical Society. " He made it visible and showed there was a constituency. " As Sarria put it, " From that day on,	,	PUNCT	nobody	PRON	 nobody
Seraglios served as expressions of the nobility's power and wealth. Animals such as big cats and elephants, in particular, symbolised power, and would be pitted in fights against each other or domesticated animals. By extension, menageries and seraglios served as demonstrations of the	the	DET	dominance	NOUN	 dominance
During Olivia's final test in the tank, she is again able to cross over to the gift shop in the prime universe. She is able to recall Ella's phone number and calls her, but is brought back to the parallel universe shortly after Ella answers	answers	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
John Harris typified these bands, and Gallagher, of sharing " a dewy eyed love of the 1960s, a spurning of much beyond rock's most basic ingredients, and a belief in the supremacy of ' real music ' ". In March 1996, Gallagher and	and	CCONJ	his	PRON	 his
This cast includes some 44 named personages, many of whom appear only once or twice. Some, like the principal characters Jean Fredman and Ulla Winblad, are based on real people, and in Fredman's case his real name was used. The Fredman of the	the	DET	Epistles	PROPN	 Epistles
This was thought to be due to synchrotron radiation, caused by the injection of relativistic electrons — electrons with velocities near the speed of light — into the Jovian magnetosphere by the impacts. About an hour after fragment K entered Jupiter, observers recorded auroral emission near the	the	DET	impact	NOUN	 impact
The Guardian disagreed with this perspective, arguing that " her affinity with Japanese pop culture [...] yields a synthetic sheen [...] that works well with the other point of reference, hip hop. " At the Billboard Music Awards, Stefani won the Digital	Digital	PROPN	Song	PROPN	 Song
Blood or plasma alprazolam concentrations are usually in a range of 10 – 100 μg / L in persons receiving the drug therapeutically, 100 – 300 μg / L in those arrested for impaired driving and 300 – 2000 μg / L in victims of acute overdosage. Most	Most	ADJ	commercial	ADJ	 commercial
Groups 4 to 6, 13 to 17, 20 to 24, 26 and 52 all date to the Late and Terminal Classic. Late Preclassic ceramics were recovered from Group 23. The Municipal Sector is the area north of the highway running from Flores to Dolores.	.	PUNCT	Part	NOUN	 Part
Each side had comparable forces: Maximilan had about 6,500 men, about half of which (3,290) were infantry. His forces consisted primarily of Silesians, Hungarians and Moravians., with artillery consisting of four heavy and a dozen or so lighter pieces. Zamoyski's	's	PART	forces	NOUN	 forces
Although Minas Geraes had been further refitted from 1939 to 1943, the ship was still too old and in too poor a condition for any active role in the Second World War; instead, the dreadnought was anchored as a floating battery in the port of Salvador for	for	ADP	the	DET	 the
This track was originally announced to be on the CD itself, but Best Buy opted to include an insert in the packaging giving customers a code to download the song. Circuit City's version came with an exclusive downloadable track: a live version of " Life Is	Is	AUX	a	DET	 a
They were also spared from having to compete with monkeys, which evolved later. The intelligence, aggression, and deceptiveness of monkeys gave them an advantage over other primates in exploiting the environment. Lemurs have adapted to fill many open ecological niches since making their way to	to	ADP	Madagascar	PROPN	 Madagascar
Named for the date of its creation on June 10, 1999, it was established for the purpose of coordinating and executing the persecution of Falun Gong. Because it is a Communist Party led office with no formal legal mandate, it is sometimes described as an extralegal	extralegal	ADJ	organisation	NOUN	 organisation
When Apollonius reached Indo Parthia's capital Taxila, his caravan leader read Vardanes ' official letter, perhaps written in Parthian, to an Indian official who treated Apollonius with great hospitality. Following the diplomatic venture of Zhang Qian into Central Asia during the reign of Emperor Wu	Wu	PROPN	of	ADP	 of
At the 1994 Spanish Ondas Awards, Mi Tierra was the Best International Album and Estefan the Best International Artist. It was recognized as the best selling Latin album of the year with a 1993 – 94 NARM Best Seller Award. In 2015, Billboard listed Mi Tierra	Tierra	PROPN	as	ADP	 as
Believing they were being ridiculed, some JOUAM marchers were outraged and wrote to the editor. The owner of the Tribune, Whitelaw Reid, was that year's Republican vice presidential candidate, and this likely increased the sensitivity of the paper's management to the issue.	.	PUNCT	Although	SCONJ	 Although
Critics regarded the series as unusual, and it received notably poor ratings. Commentators considered these ratings to reflect a generally poor performance of CBC programming in 2006. The storylines of What It's Like Being Alone revolve around the residents of the fictional Gurney Orphanage, a	a	DET	dark	NOUN	 dark
Transferring expedition crews By 14 March, the expedition crews had completed the change over, but until the shuttle undocked, Shepherd officially remained commander of the station. The morning of the 14th the astronauts ' wake up call was the song " Should I Stay or Should	Should	AUX	I	PRON	 I
US 197 was established in 1952 using the existing The Dalles California Highway, itself created as a part of the initial named Oregon highways in 1917. US 197 traveled from its current northern terminus at Dallesport to US 97 in Maryhill along Primary State Highway 8 (PSH	PSH	PROPN	8)	PROPN	 8)
Kenyan Attorney General Githu Muigai issued a statement that the pair would not be required to vacate office until their appeals against the confirmation are concluded, however Kenyatta and Muthaura both resigned their posts of Finance Minister and Cabinet Secretary respectively on 26 January. Kenyatta will however retain	retain	VERB	his	PRON	 his
Moti says that Illusia will be protected as a haven and that humans will not return for many more years. They embark to Jadd to start a new life in a new world. In 2003, Square Enix began a drive to begin developing " polymorphic content "	"	PUNCT	,	PUNCT	,
His best friend is Cole, whom he works on a motorbike with. The family owns a Chevrolet as a vehicle. Killen conceived of the idea for the Brittens after creating and developing Lone Star for the Fox network. NBC had encouraged Killen to conceive a concept	concept	NOUN	for	ADP	 for
While this correspondence was taking place, another issue arose when, in early 1644, a publication entitled A Short Story of the Rise, reign and ruin of the Antinomians, Familists & Libertines that infected the Churches of New England... was published in London. The	The	DET	author	NOUN	 author
Henry Payne was born in Hamilton in Madison County, New York, in 1810, the son of Elisha and Esther (Douglass) Payne. Both of his parents were Connecticut natives who had moved to New York in the 1790s. Payne attended the common schools and	and	CCONJ	graduated	VERB	 graduated
Strauss composed " Traum durch die Dämmerung ", along with the other two of Op. 29, in the summer of 1895, the year after he married Pauline de Ahna, and settled in Munich, the town of his birth. Working as assistant conductor at	at	ADP	the	DET	 the
Previous publications on non convexity and economics were collected in an annotated bibliography by Kenneth Arrow. He gave the bibliography to Starr, who was then an undergraduate enrolled in Arrow's (graduate) advanced mathematical economics course. In his term paper, Starr studied the general	general	ADJ	equilibria	NOUN	 equilibria
The exchange marked the beginning of a patronage that continued for many years. Not long thereafter, the poet Vasily Zhukovsky, tutor to Alexander II, met Friedrich in 1821 and found in him a kindred spirit. For decades Zhukovsky helped Friedrich both by purchasing his work	work	NOUN	himself	PRON	 himself
No. 82 Wing moved to its present location at RAAF Base Amberley, Queensland, in 1946, where it came under the control of the RAAF's Eastern Area Command. In May that year, No. 482 (Maintenance) Squadron was formed from No.	.	NOUN	4	NUM	 4
" He switched to law and spent his final year as a legal student (1990 – 1991) at Guildford, before moving to London to teach English as a second language. He found work at a legal firm and completed his legal qualifications to become a lawyer	lawyer	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
In 1935, through his congressman, he had legislation introduced into the House of Representatives for a commemorative coin in honor of Elgin's centennial that year. Rovelstad hoped that the proposed coin would both depict and be a source of funds for his memorial to the pioneers	pioneers	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
The actors believed the scene to be a " huge moment " for their characters, which Furlan described as a " basic human moment. " Furlan was glad to have " such a beautiful partner, " and noted their physical resemblance. Furlan is said to have	have	AUX	asked	VERB	 asked
On the March 18, 2001 episode of Heat, Crash defeated Dean Malenko to win the Light Heavyweight Championship. He defended it on two episodes of Heat, against Funaki and Grandmaster Sexay, before dropping it to the debuting Jerry Lynn on the April 29 episode.	.	PUNCT	In	ADP	 In
While praising its original form, Allmusic said that ' as a dance song, it misses the mark... the final ' Moran ' mix is a little better [than the other dance mixes] because the vocals don't pop up until three and a half minutes	minutes	NOUN	into	ADP	 into
The German battlecruisers made their own turn north in pursuit, but Beatty's ships maintained full speed, and gradually moved out of range. The British battlecruisers turned north, then north east, to try to rendezvous with the main body of the Grand Fleet, and	and	CCONJ	at	ADP	 at
When Mean Streak opened, it broke three records among wooden roller coasters. It was the wooden roller coaster with the world's tallest lift and the longest drop. As of 2016, Mean Streak has the seventh tallest lift, the tenth fastest speed, the fourth	fourth	ADJ	longest	ADJ	 longest
The Matfield Green service area (mile 97) shares the design of the Towanda service area, and also provides a 24 hour gas station and convenience store, a fast food restaurant, and a weather kiosk. The service area at Matfield Green also contains a 175	175	NUM	square	ADJ	 square
This improvement means adding about 32 km (20 miles) in an hour of charging, rather than about 19 km (12 miles) that took with the 3.6 kW charger on 2012 models. A complete charge from empty to full takes about four hours, instead	instead	ADV	of	ADP	 of
Cena countered a running punt attempt into the STFU submission hold. Orton, however, got to the bottom rope, and performed an RKO. Cena kicked out of the pin attempt and performed an FU for the pinfall victory, thus retaining the WWE Championship. During	During	ADP	the	DET	 the
By 16: 00 it had successfully captured the last of the intermediate objectives assigned to it and a platoon from B Company was pushed forward to assist in the clearance of the feature. Later, Lieutenant L.G. Clark was awarded the Military Cross while Sergeant W.J. Rowlinson was	was	AUX	awarded	VERB	 awarded
Tom La Marre, in his 1987 article on the Panama – Pacific issue, pointed out that miners regarded the Golden Gate as a sign of good luck, and suggested it might have been better to depict it on a gold coin. The cornucopia, according to	to	ADP	Burdette	PROPN	 Burdette
These changes resulted from further research on maltreated and institutionalized children and remain in the current version, DSM IV, 1994, and its 2000 text revision, DSM IV TR, as well as in ICD 10, 1992. Both nosologies focus on young children who are	are	AUX	not	PART	 not
In mid 1917 he was attached to the divisional artillery of the 1st Division. On the night of 15 September 1917, he was leading a convoy carrying water to forward areas when it was hit by a heavy artillery barrage, and he was wounded. His recommendation	recommendation	NOUN	for	ADP	 for
It was released on 12 August 2014, on the PlayStation Network. Instead of formally announcing a new Silent Hill game, director Hideo Kojima decided to release P.T. as a game demo from a nonexistent gaming studio called 7780s Studio. In September 2014, Sony announced during	during	ADP	its	PRON	 its
" Aside from her third Filmfare Award for Best Actress for the role, she won the Filmfare Critics Award for Best Actress, and was acknowledged with Best Actress honours at the Asia Pacific Film Festival and the Damascus International Film Festival. In 2010 Filmfare magazine included her	her	PRON	work	NOUN	 work
However, Johnson missed the Pro Bowl, with most experts attributing the snub to the Lions ' dismal winless season (he was named an alternate instead). After 2008, Detroit's front office and coaching personnel were essentially overhauled by the team ownership. Matt Millen	Millen	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
Smith posted his season best performance against 21st ranked Boston College with 245 all purpose yards and eight receptions for 115 yards and a touchdown. In the 2008 Humanitarian Bowl he returned a kickoff 99 yards for a touchdown against Nevada, which broke the bowl's previous return	return	NOUN	record	NOUN	 record
She soon made good friends with Harold Urey and Enrico Fermi, who arrived at Columbia in 1939. Fermi asked her to investigate the valence shell of the undiscovered transuranic elements. Using the Thomas – Fermi model, she predicted that they would form a new series similar	similar	ADJ	to	ADP	 to
" Aries is composed of ten tracks, six of which are " romance themed " ballads. The rest of the album consists of four dance numbers which San Antonio Express News editor Ramiro Burr describes as " pop groove " and R & B influences, and compared	compared	VERB	them	PRON	 them
The Cardiff Docks, whose opening in 1837 had led the press to praise Bute as " the creator of modern Cardiff ", continued to transform the city over the rest of the century. They would also form a financial liability to Bute successors, the costs of	of	ADP	the	DET	 the
" The spoken introduction, " Smoked Pork " features Ice T taking on the roles of a gangster pretending to be seemingly stranded motorist and a police officer who refuses to aid. The track begins with Mooseman and Ice T driving their car towards a police car,	,	PUNCT	and	CCONJ	 and
, Texas Instruments, Perot Systems, Rackspace and AT & T. The National Aeronautics and Space Administration's Lyndon B. Johnson Space Center (NASA JSC) located in Southeast Houston, sits as the crown jewel of Texas's aeronautics industry. Fort Worth hosts both Lockheed Martin	Martin	PROPN	's	PART	's
Marl prairies are usually under water from three to seven months of the year, whereas sloughs may remain submerged for longer than nine months and sometimes remain under water from one year to the next. Sawgrass may dominate sloughs, creating a monoculture. Other grasses, such	such	ADJ	as	ADP	 as
The collision killed 21 people: 17 Canadian soldiers en route to the Korean War and the two man locomotive crew of each train. The post crash investigation found that the order given to the troop train differed from the intended message. Crucial words were missing, causing	causing	VERB	the	DET	 the
Some mainstream Holocaust historians have labeled Mayer a denier. The Israeli historian Yehuda Bauer wrote that Mayer " popularizes the nonsense that the Nazis saw in Marxism and Bolshevism their main enemy, and the Jews unfortunately got caught up in this; when he links the destruction of	of	ADP	the	DET	 the
Nationally, in the 2007 election, the province voted with the Justice and Development Party, who were followed closely by the Republican People's Party and the True Path Party. Mevlüt Çavuşoğlu, of the Justice and Development Party, is the only native Alanyalilar Member of	of	ADP	Parliament	PROPN	 Parliament
At around this time Etty began to receive many unsolicited letters from wealthy Old Etonian lawyer Thomas Myers. Myers was a huge admirer of Etty, and his letters mainly suggest literary topics he felt Etty ought to be painting so as to appeal to the nobility; he	he	PRON	wrote	VERB	 wrote
In order to promote the single, Stan was invited to perform the recording on various native TV shows, with her as well embarking on a tour in her native Romania. She also provided a live performance of the single during the 2012 Après Ski Hits event in	in	ADP	Germany	PROPN	 Germany
He returned home in March 1920. The first of Minton's three children, Sherman Jr., was born while he was away. Minton's daughter Mary Anne was born in 1923, and his second son, John, in 1925. When Minton returned home he	he	PRON	reopened	VERB	 reopened
In business, Hull was twice involved in the operation of restaurants. He owned two eateries in St. Louis while he was a member of the Blues, and partnered with Mike Modano and others on a Dallas restaurant called " Hully and Mo Restaurant and Tap Room "	"	PUNCT	following	VERB	 following
Genealogical and other research indicates that Norton's parents were John Norton (d. August 1848) and Sarah Norden, English Jews — John, a farmer and merchant; Sarah, a daughter of Abraham Norden and a sister of Benjamin Norden, a successful Jewish merchant —	—	PUNCT	who	PRON	 who
After the establishment of the People's Republic of China in 1949, Xin moved to Beijing. Her first performance, in the modern pingju Little Erhei's Marriage, was well liked and attracted the attention of the original novelist Zhao Shuli and the well known writer Lao	Lao	PROPN	She	PROPN	 She
The game was developed and ran on the Nvidia GeForce 4 Ti GPU, which the President of Square Yoichi Wada described as the most powerful graphics processor available at the time. The game cost two to three billion yen (~ $17 – 25 million) to	to	PART	create	VERB	 create
On lap 25, Zonta was involved in another collision when he attempted to overtake Minardi driver Gastón Mazzacane at turn 1 which allowed Diniz to move into fourteenth position. de la Rosa made a pit stop from third position to retire from the race with mechanical issues on	on	ADP	lap	NOUN	 lap
These youth plan and put on a program each summer in Central California. In 2009 they offered for the first time two camps, one at Camp Tamarancho in Marin County in Northern California, and the second at Camp Lindblad in the Santa Cruz Mountains. They have	have	AUX	continued	VERB	 continued
Amn't as a contraction of am not is known from 1618. As the " mn " combination of two nasal consonants is disfavoured by many English speakers, the " m " of amn't began to be elided, reflected in writing with the new form an't. Are	Are	AUX	n't	PART	n't
The Common Agricultural Policy (CAP) is one of the long lasting policies of the European Community. The policy has the objectives of increasing agricultural production, providing certainty in food supplies, ensuring a high quality of life for farmers, stabilising markets, and ensuring reasonable	reasonable	ADJ	prices	NOUN	 prices
The amount of rusticles on the ship had increased greatly. Curiously, the same thing had happened over about the same timescale to the wreck of the German battleship Bismarck, sunk at a depth of 4,791 metres (15,719 ft) on the other side of the Atlantic	Atlantic	PROPN	.	PUNCT	.
During the Indian Ocean raid in April 1942, the carrier attacked British merchant shipping with both her guns and her aircraft. Ryūjō next participated in the Battle of the Aleutian Islands in June. She was sunk by American carrier aircraft at the Battle of the Eastern Solomons	Solomons	PROPN	on	ADP	 on
Nausea normally resolves after two or three weeks of treatment but laxatives will need to be aggressively maintained. Analgesics should not be taken " on demand " but " by the clock " (every 3 – 6 hours), with each dose delivered before the preceding dose	dose	NOUN	has	AUX	 has
The means to secure this presence however involved a bitter argument within the British government, with no coherency in decision making on the Yemen issue. The objective of the British was mainly keeping the Aden base via cooperating with the Federation of South Arabia, which complicated British	British	ADJ	relations	NOUN	 relations
In 1905, Desgrange chose to overlook this, and focused instead on the introduction of the Ballon d'Alsace, because he saw that he had missed the opportunity for publicity previously. There were two categories of riders, the coureurs de vitesse and the coureurs sur machines poinçonnées	poinçonnées	PROPN	.	PUNCT	.
Winston Churchill was the MP between 1900 and 1906. Constituency boundaries changed during the 20th century, and Chadderton has lain within the constituencies of Middleton and Prestwich (1918 – 1950) and Oldham West (1950 – 1997). Since 1997, Chadderton has lain within	within	ADP	Oldham	PROPN	 Oldham
Most plays in the game are resolved in such a way that the scorer is not given more than one choice when recording the outcome of the play, but several types of plays are open to the interpretation of the official scorer. In any difficult judgment call where	where	SCONJ	the	DET	 the
Meanwhile, Brian has been out of town attending a seminar on creating a web series and is unaware of what has transpired. On his way home, Brian stops at the Marriott, meets Ida, and starts having drinks with her. Quickly bonding, they retire	retire	VERB	to	ADP	 to
Rydell and other filmmakers started a casting call in late March 2000 to find the most suitable actor for the lead role. The call encompassed New York, Los Angeles, Toronto, Vancouver, Atlanta, Chicago and the Midwestern United States. Casting director Nancy Foy commented	commented	VERB	that	SCONJ	 that
The Boleyns preferred France over the Emperor as a potential ally, and the King's favour had swung towards the latter (partly because of Cromwell), damaging the family's influence. Also opposed to Anne were supporters of reconciliation with Princess Mary (among them the	the	DET	former	ADJ	 former
A Norman, he was a member of the cathedral clergy at Rouen before becoming a royal clerk under King William I of England and subsequently his son King William II Rufus. Gerard was appointed Lord Chancellor by William I, and he continued in that office under Rufus	Rufus	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
and the world so hushed! The stilly murmur of the distant Sea Tells us of silence. (lines 1 – 12) As the poem continues, objects are described as if they were women being pursued: And that simplest Lute, Plac'd length ways in the	the	DET	clasping	NOUN	 clasping
Premier later agreed and commented, I was surprised I got that call ' cause of our differences in the audiences we hit, but I'm always up for challenges and trying something new... She described what her album is about and then she sent me some CDs	CDs	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
Myasnikov assembled a team of four men, who all, like him, were former prisoners of the Tsarist regime: Vasily Ivanchenko, Ivan Kolpashchikov, Andrei Markov, and Nikolai Zhuzhgov. Using a forged order, the four men gained entry to Michael's hotel at	at	ADP	11.45	NUM	 11.45
The third series was released on DVD on 23 May 2005 in Region 4, 5 September 2005 in Region 2, and 31 January 2006 in Region 1. The third series includes nine main cast members. Matthew Macfadyen returns as Tom Quinn in the first two episodes	episodes	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
York won three of the opening seven matches in 2011 – 12 and were only once below a play off place from early October 2011, finishing the season in fourth place. Playing a passing style of football but producing results when needed, they earned eighty three points	points	NOUN	that	DET	 that
The resulting conflict, called the Battle of Seven Pines (or Fair Oaks), was inconclusive. Johnston's plan fell apart, and the Army of the Potomac lost no ground. Johnston himself was wounded however, and the next day, June 1, Jefferson	Jefferson	PROPN	Davis	PROPN	 Davis
" Republicans saw her finances as a " genderless " issue that they could attack Ferraro with without creating a backlash, and some Mondale staffers thought Ferraro might have to leave the ticket. The Philadelphia Inquirer went even further in its investigations, seeking to link Zaccaro to	to	ADP	organized	ADJ	 organized
" Named the " Queen of Pop " by Rolling Stone magazine, her work has influenced Miley Cyrus, Nicki Minaj, Ellie Goulding, Nick Jonas, Tyler Oakley, Lohanthony, Sam Smith, Greyson Chance, Debbie Harry of Blondie, and MGMT. Gaga has	has	AUX	been	AUX	 been
Review aggregator website Rotten Tomatoes reported that 51% of commentators gave the film a positive review, based on 226 reviews. Attaining a mean score of 5.9 / 10, the site's consensus stated: " Tron: Legacy boasts dazzling visuals, but its human characters	characters	NOUN	and	CCONJ	 and
Edward Guthman of the San Francisco Chronicle found Zeta Jones to be a standout among the ensemble and labelled her " sensational " in a scene in which she confronts a Tijuana dealer, adding that " through sheer conviction, she electrifies a moment that could have been absurd	absurd	ADJ	"	PUNCT	 "
The results are most curious and the skill shown in discovering them equally so. " George Bentham praised its value in opening " a new field for observing the wonderful provisions of Nature... a new and unexpected track to guide us in the explanation of phenomena which had	had	AUX	before	ADV	 before
The McCormack Dickstein committee was a precursor to the House Committee on Un American Activities. In November 1934, Butler told the committee that one Gerald P. MacGuire told him that a group of businessmen, supposedly backed by a private army of 500,000 ex soldiers and others,	,	PUNCT	intended	VERB	 intended
" Eurasian watermilfoil (Myriophyllum spicatum) in parts of the US, fill lakes with plants complicating fishing and boating. The very loud call of the introduced common coqui depresses real estate values in affected neighborhoods of Hawaii. Encroachment of humans into previously remote ecosystems has exposed	exposed	VERB	exotic	ADJ	 exotic
As of 2009, they are expected to remain in service until 2016, being replaced with civilian operated SAR rotorcraft. Both Prince Andrew, Duke of York and Prince William, Duke of Cambridge have flown SAR Sea Kings in front line roles. The Royal Navy's	's	PART	airborne	ADJ	 airborne
Thomas Leabhart states that " Jacques Copeau was drawn instinctively by taste and tendency to a restrained theatre which was based in spirituality. " Copeau praised Noh theatre in writing when he finally saw a production in 1930. Jacques Lecoq – Physical theatre taught at L ' École	École	PROPN	Internationale	PROPN	 Internationale
Another crash happened shortly afterwards, involving Jelle Vanendert (Lotto Soudal), Alexey Tsatevich (Katusha) and Kévin Reza (FDJ). On the penultimate climb of the Mur, the breakaway split; only De Gendt and Baugnies remained in the lead, 50 seconds	seconds	NOUN	ahead	ADV	 ahead
Reducing friction is vital for minimizing wear on components and preventing overheating. As the relative speed of the components rises, and as the contact force between them increases, the importance of friction mitigation increases as well. In biological joints such as the human knee, friction	friction	NOUN	is	AUX	 is
" The sudden departure of Skilling combined with the opacity of Enron's accounting books made proper assessment difficult for Wall Street. In addition, the company admitted to repeatedly using " related party transactions, " which some feared could be too easily used to transfer losses that	that	PRON	might	AUX	 might
The filming in France was supported by the Nord Pas de Calais Film Commission and benefited from the Tax Rebate International. Shooting took place over 31 days across Boulogne sur Mer, Calais and Dunkerque. Some scenes of The Tunnel were also shot in the Channel Tunnel itself	itself	PRON	,	PUNCT	,
When the Air Service was renamed the Air Corps in 1926, the Joint Army Navy Board was in the process of reconsidering service responsibilities in coastal defense. Both Chief of Air Corps Major General Mason Patrick and Rear Admiral William A. Moffett, Chief of the Navy's	's	PART	Bureau	PROPN	 Bureau
A number of small blockhouses are associated with La Ferté, as well as unconnected casemates: Casemate de Margut: Double block with one JM / AC47 embrasure, one JM embrasure, two AM cloches and one GFM B cloche, about 2 kilometres (1.2 mi)	)	PUNCT	to	ADP	 to
DVD schlock wrote that the film series " manage to give an edge of bad assitude to its vampires ", and that " each entertains in its own right and furthers the Subspecies tale one more step beyond the last one... until finally being beaten over the head	head	NOUN	by	ADP	 by
From the 1870s gun rooms began to be added, mainly to cater for weapons for hunting weekends. The popularity of salmon fishing, deer stalking and grouse shooting, particularly in the Highlands, was confirmed by Queen Victoria's purchase of the hunting lodge at Balmoral.	.	PUNCT	It	PRON	 It
The onset must have occurred before the age of 18, and can not be attributed to the effects of another condition or substance (such as cocaine). Hence, other medical conditions that include tics or tic like movements — such as autism or other causes of	of	ADP	tourettism	NOUN	 tourettism
On July 4, 1800, the Indiana Territory was established out of Northwest Territory in preparation for Ohio's statehood. The Indiana Land Company, which still held claim to Indiana, had been dissolved by a United States Supreme Court decision in 1798. The name Indiana	Indiana	PROPN	meant	VERB	 meant
Together with Harley Granville Barker and Guthrie he reopened the Old Vic with Shakespeare. His King Lear once again divided the critics, but his Prospero was a considerable success. He played the role quite differently from his attempt on the same stage in 1930: in place	place	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
Some debris was found floating in the crash area and over the following weeks debris washed up on the nearby shorelines. The initial focus of the recovery was on finding and identifying human remains and on recovering the flight recorders. As the force of impact was " in	in	ADP	the	DET	 the
The government then relocated to Villa Somalia in Mogadishu from its interim location in Baidoa, marking the first time since the fall of the Barre regime in 1991 that the federal government controlled most of the country. Following this defeat, the Islamic Courts Union splintered into several	several	ADJ	different	ADJ	 different
Calmed by his subordinates, he instead assembled his officers and the Royal Marines aboard his ship and advanced on the men in the rigging, demanding to know what they were doing. So fierce was his tone that the men fell silent and hesitantly returned to their quarters	quarters	NOUN	except	SCONJ	 except
The eye emerged into the Windward Passage near Léogâne, although severely weakened. The pressure rose to 987 mbar (29.1 inHg), and the winds decreased to 90 mph (150 km / h) over land. However, Inez quickly re intensified over water,	,	PUNCT	reaching	VERB	 reaching
349 – 407, Archbishop of Constantinople, was an important Early Church Father. He is known for his preaching and public speaking, his denunciation of abuse of authority by both ecclesiastical and political leaders, the Divine Liturgy of St. John Chrysostom, and his ascetic sensibilities	sensibilities	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
The first ionization energy is the energy it takes to remove one electron from an atom, the second ionization energy is the energy it takes to remove a second electron from the atom, and so on. For a given atom, successive ionization energies increase with the	the	DET	degree	NOUN	 degree
Patton, who had been told he had no chance to ever again ride a horse or resume normal life, at one point commented, " This is a hell of a way to die. " He died in his sleep of pulmonary edema and congestive heart failure	failure	NOUN	at	ADP	 at
Tracy left MGM in 1955 and continued to work regularly as a freelance star, despite an increasing weariness as he aged. His personal life was troubled, with a lifelong struggle against alcoholism and guilt over his son's deafness. Tracy became estranged from his wife in	in	ADP	the	DET	 the
This extended the Dodgers ' lead to 4 – 2. The Dodgers further threatened in the bottom of the eighth. Don Larsen entered in relief of Marichal midway through Davis ' at bat but Davis walked to lead off the inning regardless. Ron Fairly sacrificed him to	to	ADP	second	ADJ	 second
Kalam was elected as the 11th President of India in 2002 with the support of both the ruling Bharatiya Janata Party and the then opposition Indian National Congress. Widely referred to as the " People's President, " he returned to his civilian life of education, writing	writing	NOUN	and	CCONJ	 and
In 1833, the British Crown and the House of Commons proposed immediate abolotion of slavery in India, but East India Company decreed otherwise. All legal recognition to permit the civil status of slavery were withdrawn with the Act V of 1843 and selling of slaves became a	a	DET	criminal	ADJ	 criminal
Initially, it was announced that the matter had been discussed and that bassist Trujillo had agreed not to play because he " wanted to see the Black Album band ". However, during the band's set of " Master of Puppets " and " Enter Sandman "	"	PUNCT	,	PUNCT	,
The film grossed ₹ 40.7 million in two weeks; ₹ 85 million in five weeks, and ₹ 100 million in seven weeks in Chennai. Sivaji was also successful in international markets. The film had a wide release with over 145 prints and in 200 theatres (	(	PUNCT	Tamil	PROPN	Tamil
Due to the favorable ruling in the case, Hinde benefited greatly because of his large land holdings in the area. After the ruling had settled ownership issues between the Indians and settlers, Hinde founded the towns of Mt. Carmel, Powhaten, and Selima in the Illinois	Illinois	PROPN	territory	NOUN	 territory
The action of 28 January was the final battle between British and German warships in Norwegian waters during World War II. It was also the second last surface action fought by the Kriegsmarine, with its final engagement taking place on 18 March 1945 when a force of two	two	NUM	torpedo	NOUN	 torpedo
However, this is now known to be an artifact of long branch attraction — they are derived groups and retain genes or organelles derived from mitochondria (e.g., mitosomes and hydrogenosomes). Monocercomonoides appear to have lost their mitochondria completely and at least some of the mitochondrial	mitochondrial	ADJ	functions	NOUN	 functions
The similarity did not go unnoticed: James Russell Lowell in his A Fable for Critics wrote the verse, " Here comes Poe with his raven, like Barnaby Rudge / Three fifths of him genius and two fifths sheer fudge. " The Free Library of Philadelphia has	has	VERB	on	ADP	 on
, to the Irish Post Office for impressing with an official post paid indicia. Window envelopes were popular for printed matter rate mail. The most prolific user was the Electricity Supply Board which used meter reading and appointment cards for over forty years. Stamped to order postal	postal	ADJ	stationery	NOUN	 stationery
There was also praise for the new gameplay additions, such as the grappling hook, and the wealth of content. However, some critics disliked the story and found the game too similar to its predecessor. The game was a commercial success, selling 7 million copies	copies	NOUN	by	ADP	 by
Others claim musical inspiration from the plant: including " Salvia divinorum " by 1200 Micrograms, " Salvia " by Deepwater Sunshine, and " Flight 77 " by Paul Dereas. Dale Pendell expresses some concerns about the use of highly concentrated forms of salvia. In its	its	PRON	natural	ADJ	 natural
Lying generally between the foot of a continental rise and a mid ocean ridge, abyssal plains cover more than 50% of the Earth ’ s surface. They are among the flattest, smoothest and least explored regions on Earth. Abyssal plains are key geologic elements of	of	ADP	oceanic	ADJ	 oceanic
The prevailing lowland forest ecosystem was transformed from forest to grassland; some of this change was caused by the use of fire, but the main reason appears to have been the introduction of the Polynesian Rat (Rattus exulans). Ancient Hawaiian religious practice holds that the	the	DET	five	NUM	 five
In 1937, Herbie Collins wrote, at a time when Wally Hammond was considered to be the world's leading all rounder, that " people who have seen both men consider [Crawford] a better all rounder ". Commenting on the interruption of Crawford's career	career	NOUN	by	ADP	 by
Niémen was purchased into the Navy for the sum of £29,979 2 10d, which was split between the government, the crew and a number of other parties. The share that went to the captors came under dispute: Mends had no intention of abiding by Seymour	Seymour	PROPN	's	PART	's
Frusciante's first major influence was Jimi Hendrix. He then saw The Red Hot Chili Peppers (at that point, The was part of their name) in concert in 1985, after which their then guitarist Hillel Slovak became his second major influence, with Frusciante coming	coming	VERB	to	PART	 to
" She felt she had partially experienced parenthood through her much younger siblings, which fulfilled any need to have children of her own. Rumors have existed since the 1930s that Hepburn may have been a lesbian or bisexual, which she often joked about. In 2007,	,	PUNCT	William	PROPN	 William
Minstrel shows used African American elements in musical performances, but only in simplified ways; storylines in the shows depicted blacks as natural born slaves and fools, before eventually becoming associated with abolitionism. The minstrel show was invented by Daniel Decatur Emmett and the Virginia Minstrels.	.	PUNCT	Minstrel	PROPN	 Minstrel
The two noted " [' Redux II '] is a likable enough little romp, but it's too leisurely to be exciting, too predictable to be revealing, and – most crucially, not really funny enough to be comedy. Vitaris gave the second part	part	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
The united congregation became Hebron Church, the first Lutheran church west of the Shenandoah Valley. While the Reformed and Lutheran congregations used the log church, they were ministered by two pastors. Abraham Gottlieb Deschler ministered to the Lutherans and Jacob Rebas (or Repass) ministered	ministered	VERB	to	ADP	 to
Shortly after WrestleMania 23, when promotion for The Marine ended, the military attire diminished and was replaced with apparel bearing his new slogan " American Made Muscle " along with denim shorts, not seen since he was a member of the SmackDown! roster. He then	then	ADV	wore	VERB	 wore
During the winter, the turtle hibernates. In the north, the inactive season may be as long as from October to March, while the southernmost populations may not hibernate at all. While hibernating, the body temperature of the painted turtle averages 6° C (	(	PUNCT	43	NUM	43
Allied with Gregorio Funes, Saavedra expanded the number of members of the Junta to leave Morenism in a minority. With disputes still going on, Moreno was appointed to a diplomatic mission to Britain, but died at sea on the way there. His brother Manuel Moreno	Moreno	PROPN	alleged	VERB	 alleged
This enables the late succession plants to become established and encourages the recycling of the tropical forest. Phasmatodea are recognized as injurious to forest and shade trees by defoliation. Didymuria violescens, Podacanthus wilkinsoni and Ctenomorphodes tessulatus in Australia, Diapheromera femorata in North America and Graeffea crouani	crouani	NOUN	in	ADP	 in
Featuring instrumentation from guitar, marimba, harp and keyboard, " Another Suitcase in Another Hall " finds Dickson singing in a soprano voice. Critically appreciated, the song was released as a single on 7 February 1977, and reached number 18 on the UK Singles Chart	Chart	PROPN	.	PUNCT	.
", and " What is too fast to see, but has a bird's eye view? ". Track and support pieces were later seen in a large field, which further confirmed the new attraction would be a roller coaster. On October 20, 2004	2004	NUM	,	PUNCT	,
" And in 1777, Johnson said to Boswell " Our ramble in the islands hangs upon my imagination. I can hardly help imagining that we shall go again. Pennant seems to have seen a great deal which we did not see. When we travel again let	let	VERB	us	PRON	 us
Warner Bros liked the images and authorised their use. The band had a recording session at Sawmills Studios, Cornwall, which saw some disagreements during recording between Matthews and Roberts. Afterwards, Sampson was removed as producer following a row over the arrangement for " Sweet Catatonia	Catatonia	PROPN	"	PUNCT	 "
Tight Rope was certified gold for U.S. shipments of 500,000 copies, but did not receive any higher certification. Stephen Thomas Erlewine gave this album a mixed review, referring to the " Missing You " cover as a " misstep ". Jon Weisberger thought that the album	album	NOUN	was	AUX	 was
Seat belts were added to the ride in the spring of 2014 as a supplement to the original lap bar restraint system. On January 14, 2010, Carowinds launched a " First Rider Auction " in which people from anywhere in the world would bid against each other	other	ADJ	in	ADP	 in
With star quarterback Brian Brohm having undergone surgery to repair a torn anterior cruciate ligament, there were some questions as to how backup Hunter Cantwell would perform under pressure. Cantwell played well in the Cardinals ' season ending contest against Connecticut, but some commentators predicted that Virginia	Virginia	PROPN	Tech	PROPN	 Tech
Mulder is a believer in the paranormal, while the skeptical Scully has been assigned to debunk his work. In the episode, Mulder and Scully investigate a bizarre rock inscribed with Navajo writing found in Côte d'Ivoire, and the death of the African scientist involved. While	While	SCONJ	its	PRON	 its
This method had been used since the league's creation in 1920, but no situation had been encountered where two teams were tied for first. The league quickly determined that a playoff game between Chicago and Portsmouth was needed to decide the league's champion. The teams	teams	NOUN	were	AUX	 were
Instead, he saw Logan leaving the house with a firearm in hand, and saw that the two deputies had been shot. Logan's father then called 9 1 1 via telephone at 9: 39 p.m. to report the shooting to authorities. Emergency medical technicians arrived	arrived	VERB	and	CCONJ	 and
Following the album's release, it was reported that A Little More Personal (Raw) was certified Gold in Taiwan, and that Lohan was going on tour with the album in the country. " I just found this out today - my album went gold there	there	ADV	.	PUNCT	.
Despite York hoping to extend his loan, he returned to Darlington following its expiration on 19 October 2005 and played against Swansea City in a 2 – 1 defeat on 17 November, with manager David Hodgson saying he " did very well ". McGurk picked up an	an	DET	injury	NOUN	 injury
The Tsar told Olga " to love her new country twice more than her own ", but she was ill prepared for her new life. Aware of her youth, she chose to retain the services of her governess to continue her education. On arrival at Piraeus	Piraeus	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
I'm not picky. Mainly for drinking. " " Like a Stone ", the second single from Audioslave, was released in early 2003. It was the highest charting single from the album, peaking at number one on Billboard's Mainstream Rock Tracks and Modern	Modern	PROPN	Rock	PROPN	 Rock
The star lies within the field of view of the Kepler Mission, which discovered it as part of a NASA led mission to discover Earth like planets. The star, which is slightly larger, more metal rich, slightly cooler, and more massive than the Sun	Sun	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
The fall of the great metropolis of northern Syria was soon followed by a treaty between the Byzantines and the Hamdanid Emirate of Aleppo, which made Aleppo a tributary vassal and handed over to the Byzantine Empire the entirety of the former Abbasid frontier zones (thughur) in	in	ADP	Cilicia	PROPN	 Cilicia
Several months after the San Francisco fair, at the Panama – California Exposition held in San Diego, festivities included a series of Authors ' Days, featuring 13 California writers. November 2, 1915, was " Ina Coolbrith Day ": her poems were recited,	,	PUNCT	a	DET	 a
As Prime Minister, John Key is directly responsible for the GCSB, which is not allowed to spy on New Zealand citizens – and Dotcom had been granted permanent residency. Three days later, the Prime Minister John Key apologised for the illegal spying. " I apologize	apologize	VERB	to	ADP	 to
" Kaddish " was written by producer Howard Gordon and directed by Kim Manners. The episode was dedicated to the memory of Lillian Katz, Gordon's grandmother. The episode's title is a reference to the Jewish mourning prayer service. Gordon was inspired to write the	the	DET	episode	NOUN	 episode
Other smaller storms and eddies were found throughout the banded clouds (see animation on the right). Two new, small satellites, Adrastea and Metis, were discovered orbiting just outside the ring, making them the first of Jupiter's moons to be identified by a	a	DET	spacecraft	NOUN	 spacecraft
Ratzenberger, in his first season as a Formula One driver, had run over a kerb at the Acque Minerali chicane on his previous lap, the impact of which is believed to have damaged his front wing. Rather than return to the pitlane, he continued on	on	ADP	another	DET	 another
As well as this, the Nine Network and NBN Television both provided a multi view service with additional text information during Pompeii: The Last Day. Digital Forty Four, a trial datacasting service, began in Sydney in 2003. The service included at launch an electronic	electronic	ADJ	program	NOUN	 program
There are various 18th century memorials, and some from the 19th and 20th centuries honouring members of the Williams family upon whose land the church stands. John Groome, the Fourth Officer of the Royal Charter (which sank off the east coast of Anglesey in 1859 with	with	ADP	the	DET	 the
Karen pursues David as he storms off after the ceremony, shouting his name, undoubtedly ready to alternate once more between pain and partial forgiveness, as they have done throughout their marriage. David turns and says: ' No, Karen. No more '. "	"	PUNCT	Smith	PROPN	 Smith
The Greek victories had been short lived. The Sultan had called to his aid his Egyptian vassal Muhammad Ali, who had dispatched his son Ibrahim Pasha to Greece with a fleet and 8,000 men, later adding a further 25,000 troops. Ibrahim ’ s intervention proved decisive	decisive	ADJ	:	PUNCT	:
The producers of Deep Space Nine decided create a new character to fit a similar mould, which resulted in the creation of Kira Nerys, who was played by Nana Visitor. This was designed to require as minimal a change as possible in the premise of the pilot	pilot	NOUN	at	ADP	 at
The more simplistic perception that they only show hunter gatherers ' attempts to acquire food is now thought to be naïve. Engravings of animals that certainly never occurred in this area, like a sea lion, penguins, and possibly flamingos indicate that the hunter gatherers might have	have	AUX	had	VERB	 had
The bird is connected to the ring only by its wing tips. " The Hunger Games has received critical acclaim. In a review for The New York Times, John Green wrote that the novel was " brilliantly plotted and perfectly paced ", and that " the	the	DET	considerable	ADJ	 considerable
The team won a single silver medal, in the debut sport of wheelchair curling, and finished seventeenth in the medal table. In addition to the medal there were top ten finishes from Sean Rose and Liz Miller, in alpine skiing, and the ice sledge hockey	hockey	NOUN	team	NOUN	 team
The main villain of the game is Gismor (ジスモア, Jisumoa), leader of the Knights of the Seal. Returning from the first game are Caim (カイム, Kaimu), the previous game's main protagonist; Angelus (アンヘル, Anheru), the	the	DET	current	ADJ	 current
Having served its original purpose in announcing independence, references to the text of the Declaration were few in the following years. Abraham Lincoln made it the centerpiece of his rhetoric (as in the Gettysburg Address of 1863), and his policies. Since then, it	it	PRON	has	AUX	 has
On August 27, nearly all of South Korea was placed under a typhoon warning as the storm approached. The state disaster relief board went to its highest alert level prior to the storm's arrival. More than 400 flights were canceled across the country, including 109	109	NUM	international	ADJ	 international
In particular, he counseled women to not have abortions except in the rare cases allowed by LDS doctrine, and encouraged single women facing unplanned pregnancies to give up their baby for adoption. Romney later said that the years spent as an LDS minister gave him direct exposure	exposure	NOUN	to	ADP	 to
Soeman published another novel, Mentjahari Pentjoeri Anak Perawan (Seeking a Maiden's Kidnapper), in 1932. It follows Sir Joon, a man whose betrothal to Nona was called off after her father, Gadi, was offered a higher bride price. When Nona is	is	AUX	apparently	ADV	 apparently
In May 1939, France turned over 10 T 26s, which had been interned after they had retreated across the border, to Nationalist Spain. The number of captured BT 5s amounted to much less. By May 1938, the Nationalist tank force had only put into	into	ADP	service	NOUN	 service
Sandman's theme uses " two contrabass saxophones, two contrabass clarinets, two contrabass bassoons and eight very low French horns " to sound " low, aggressive and heavy ". Young described Venom's theme as " Vicious, my instructions on that one were that he	he	PRON	’	PUNCT	 ’
These traders penetrated into Spanish Florida, leading to raiding and reprisal expeditions on both sides. In 1700, Carolina's governor, Joseph Blake, threatened the Spanish that English claims to Pensacola, established by the Spanish in 1698, would be enforced. Pierre Le Moyne	Moyne	PROPN	d'Iberville	PROPN	 d'Iberville
Archaeological work has continued at the castle, following on from limited investigations in the 1970s, the work on the Round Tower from 1988 – 92 and the investigations following the 1992 fire. During 2007, 993,000 tourists visited the castle. This has had to be achieved	achieved	VERB	in	ADP	 in
Each of the executors of Martin's will received ten guineas. Martin bequeathed the remainder of his property and the 1,000 acres (4.0 km2) of Greenway Court, should Powers have predeceased him, to his will executors Gabriel Jones, Robert Mackey, and John Sherman	Sherman	PROPN	Woodcock	PROPN	 Woodcock
Finally, the union of amplitude and formal challenge offered unique opportunities as well for the concentrated intensity and concreteness of idiom that he had begun to master in Hyperion In " Ode to Psyche ", Keats incorporated a narrative structure that sets the scene, gives background information	information	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
Afterwards, Ma'mun asked him to demonstrate his knowledge of physiology and nutrition and Imam replied: I have of it knowledge of what I have personally tested and came to know about its accuracy by experience and by the passage of time in addition to what I was told	told	VERB	by	ADP	 by
On 24 October 1918, the order was given to sail from Wilhelmshaven. Starting on the night of 29 October, sailors on several battleships mutinied; three ships from the III Squadron refused to weigh anchor, and acts of sabotage were committed on board the battleships Thüringen	Thüringen	PROPN	and	CCONJ	 and
Men are supposed to progress, but they aren't supposed to focus on what they can gain in the future. The prayer to the Virgin Mary is intended to help guide the journey which would end with understanding eternity and the Annunciation. It is Mary who will	will	AUX	guide	VERB	 guide
Darling announced that he was taking steps to freeze the assets of Landsbanki in the UK. The Landsbanki Freezing Order 2008 was passed at 10 am on 8 October 2008 and came into force ten minutes later. Under the order the UK Treasury froze the assets of Landsbanki	Landsbanki	PROPN	within	ADP	 within
Mecklenburg and her sisters were then based in Kiel. From 8 to 12 May, she participated in a sweep toward Gotland and Bogskär, which provided support to the assault on Libau. Mecklenburg and the other ships stood off Gotland in order to intercept any Russian cruisers	cruisers	NOUN	that	PRON	 that
Following the attempt on Paul's life, Diana's earring is found at the scene and the police manage to catch her at the airport before she returns to America. Diana diverts the police attention to Rebecca by telling them that she revealed Paul's affair to her	her	PRON	.	PUNCT	.
A parent's internal working model that is operative in the attachment relationship with her infant can be accessed by examining the parent's mental representations. Recent research has demonstrated that the quality of maternal attributions as markers of maternal mental representations can be associated with particular forms of	of	ADP	maternal	ADJ	 maternal
He then returned to Bolton Wanderers as manager, leading the club to promotion out of the First Division via the play offs in 2001, as well as a League Cup final and UEFA Cup qualification. Following a spell at Newcastle United from May 2007 to January 2008	2008	NUM	,	PUNCT	,
The main event featured CM Punk defeating John Cena to become the new WWE Champion. Money in the Bank was broadcast globally and received acclaim from fans and critics alike, with the main event receiving the most praise. For pay per view buys, 195,000 customers paid	paid	VERB	to	PART	 to
" Comeback Girl (IRE # 19) You Know It (IRE # 22) Shame (IRE # 20) Break / The Translation (IRE # 29) The Idiots From " Vol IV: Johnny Pyro and the Dance of Evil " I Like Music (	(	PUNCT	IRE	PROPN	IRE
Janine attempts to blackmail Ian, and when he rebuffs her, she tells the police about the recording and the laptop, leading to his arrest. Ian admits to stealing the laptop from The Queen Victoria on Christmas Day, but denies murder. The police charge him	him	PRON	with	ADP	 with
In June, Hasty participated in the Syria Lebanon Campaign and was escorting convoys and the larger ships of the Mediterranean Fleet for the next year. During the Second Battle of Sirte in March 1942 she defended a convoy from an Italian battleship and several cruisers. While covering	covering	VERB	another	DET	 another
In 2006, if you invite the zeitgeist in for tea, that's what you're going to get. Spook Country explores themes relating to espionage, war profiteering and esoteric martial artistry, as well as familiar themes from the author's previous novels such as the	the	DET	unintended	ADJ	 unintended
An associated EP titled Trouble – Norwegian Live EP was released in the summer of 2001, consisted of five tracks recorded live by the band at Rockefeller Music Hall in Oslo, Norway. According to Coldplay's lead singer Chris Martin, the song's writing was inspired	inspired	VERB	by	ADP	 by
Bolander is deeply disturbed by Dietz's cold casualness in discussing the murder. Later, Bolander talks to a bartender (John Waters) about his divorce, and the episode ends with Bolander drinking alone at the bar, quietly singing an Elvis Presley song. " Smoke	Smoke	NOUN	Gets	VERB	 Gets
In March 2006, the FCC ruled that Father of the Pride was not indecent. Following were complaints about an October 2004 episode of ABC's short lived teen drama Life As We Know It, which the PTC felt was sexually charged. The PTC started off 2005	2005	NUM	with	ADP	 with
He found that only nine atomic bombs had been built in 1946; only four would be in 1947, primarily due to production problems with the reactors at Hanford. These problems were on their way to resolution when Bacher observed the Operation Sandstone nuclear tests at Enewetak Atoll	Atoll	PROPN	in	ADP	 in
In contrast, Warren Martyn and Adrian Wood, the authors of I Can't Believe It's a Bigger and Better Updated Unofficial Simpsons Guide, praised the episode, calling it " one of the series ' all time best episodes, mainly because it shows us a	a	DET	human	ADJ	 human
The co pilot on Holland's aircraft testified that he grabbed the controls to prevent Holland from flying the aircraft into the ridge while the aircraft's other two aircrew members repeatedly screamed at Holland: " Climb! Climb! " Holland responded by laughing and calling one of	of	ADP	the	DET	 the
" Mick LaSalle of the San Francisco Chronicle lauded the film for containing a sense of urgency " that keeps the pedestrian problems of an unremarkable 18th century family immediate and personal. " LaSalle concluded that the adaptation has a " right balance of irony and warmth. The	The	DET	result	NOUN	 result
They had gone 919 minutes without conceding since conceding against AFC Ajax in the group stages. Arsenal were featuring in their first European final six years to the day since their last final. They faced Galatasaray in the 2000 UEFA Cup Final; the match had finished goalless	goalless	NOUN	after	ADP	 after
She later left to confront the Shapeshifter's master. The Xel ' Naga (whose name, according to the original StarCraft manual, means " Wanderers from Afar ") are an ancient race that has to date only been featured in the lore of the StarCraft series	series	NOUN	;	PUNCT	;
Four years later, Kapoor returned to the stage with six other Bollywood celebrities in the successful Rockstars Concert world tour. The concert was originally scheduled to commence in April 2006, but was postponed due to the arrest of Salman Khan. It later began the following month	month	NOUN	and	CCONJ	 and
A case of kyphosis has been observed in a North Carolina marsh rice rat. The population density of the marsh rice rat usually does not reach 10 per ha (4 per acre). The weather may influence population dynamics; in the Everglades, densities may exceed	exceed	VERB	200	NUM	 200
After Budington and the remainder of the crew were rescued and returned to the United States, the board of inquiry continued. Budington attacked Tyson's credibility, disputing Tyson's claim that he had obstructed Hall's efforts to sail the ship further north. He also disputed	disputed	VERB	reports	NOUN	 reports
Sea King HAS.6 (CR) Five surplus HAS.6 ASW helicopters converted into the utility role for the Royal Navy. The last of the Royal Navy's HAS.6 (CR) helicopters was retired from service with 846 NAS on 31 March 2010. Sea King ASaC7 Upgraded AEW2	AEW2	PROPN	/	SYM	 /
Topical anesthetic treatments such as prilocaine, lidocaine, benzocaine, or tetracaine can also relieve itching and pain. Several antiviral drugs are effective for treating herpes, including acyclovir, valaciclovir (valacyclovir), famciclovir, and penciclovir. Acyclovir was the first discovered and is now	now	ADV	available	ADJ	 available
In 1981, four women of Hispanic descent became the first women of their heritage from the U.S. Naval Academy. Among the four women was Commander Lilia L. Ramirez (Ret.) who is currently the Director of the International Programs Office, for the Department of Homeland	Homeland	PROPN	Security	PROPN	 Security
Every tropical cyclone in the season was of hurricane status, or with winds at or exceeding 74 mph (119 km / h). In only two other seasons did every cyclone attain hurricane status; those years were 1858 and 1884. All five cyclones affected land	land	NOUN	;	PUNCT	;
The three combined to break 14 single season school records, including most points scored in a season (404). Willy, heading into his final game as a Buffalo Bull, had already surpassed the 3,000 yard mark in passing on the season, throwing for 25	25	NUM	touchdowns	NOUN	 touchdowns
By 1923 enough money had been raised. The mortgage was discharged, and Beecham's personal liabilities, amounting to £41,558, were paid in full. In 1924 the Covent Garden property and the pill making business at St Helens were united in one company, Beecham	Beecham	PROPN	Estates	PROPN	 Estates
Lyrically, the album revolves around Stan's relationship with her love interest and approaches themes such as issuance, retrieval and a new beginning. " Vanilla Chocolat " and " We Wanna " feature lyrics written in French and Spanish, respectively. The official cover sleeve for	for	ADP	Unlocked	PROPN	 Unlocked
On April 24, 2007, during the park's High School Journalism Day, Busch Gardens Tampa Bay unveiled the first floorless train for the roller coaster. SheiKra closed for the conversion on May 28, 2007. The station was modified because retractable floors needed to be	be	AUX	installed	VERB	 installed
Chimamanda Ngozi Adichie, writer of Half of a Yellow Sun, a winner of the Orange Prize for Fiction in 2007, was born in Enugu in 1977 and grew up in Nsukka. The Enugu Rangers, a first division professional league association football team, is Enugu	Enugu	PROPN	's	PART	's
Pratchett also posted on the Harry Potter newsgroup about a media covered exchange of views with her. Pratchett is known for a distinctive writing style that included a number of characteristic hallmarks. One example is his use of footnotes, which usually involve a comic departure from the	the	DET	narrative	NOUN	 narrative
Soon after, her modelling offers increased tenfold. Glover began getting paid modelling work in 2002. She became known as a glamour model, appearing topless in British lad mags, including FHM, Bizarre, Maxim, Loaded, and tabloids News Of The World, The	The	DET	Sun	PROPN	 Sun
Russian military historian Grigoriy Krivosheyev, who based his figures on the Soviet archives, is considered by historian David Glantz as the most reliable source for Soviet casualty figures. His figures are supported by historian Karl Heinz Frieser. Krivosheyev calculated total Soviet losses during the German offensive	offensive	NOUN	as	ADP	 as
Despite fears expressed by local farmers, the Royal Society for the Protection of Birds (RSPB) are in process of releasing up to 100 young eagles on the east coast in the Forth and Tay estuaries. The red kite was exterminated in Scotland in 1879, and	and	CCONJ	a	DET	 a
Phase one opened to traffic on November 25, 1960, extending up to the Rideau River. On the western side of Ottawa, phase two opened a year later in October, 1961. The central section presented the greatest challenge, as an embankment was built to	to	PART	create	VERB	 create
It was Eve Myles ' idea to have Gwen compulsively eat gherkins after waking up pregnant; the script had only specified the character drinking a glass of water. The episode also plays on Gwen's conflicted feelings between Jack and Rhys. Davies felt it would be "	"	PUNCT	irresistible	ADJ	 irresistible
There, before the two kidnappers, Lucy Squires and Hall, the old gypsy had assaulted Canning and forced her upstairs, where she remained until her escape. Hall said that Fortune Natus and his wife Judith had been at the house for some weeks but were moved	moved	VERB	into	ADP	 into
Lindwall had taken 15 wickets at 22.93 for the series. The 1951 – 52 season saw the arrival of the West Indies for the first time in two decades. The Caribbeans has just defeated England in England and were expected to test Australia, with the series seen	seen	VERB	as	ADP	 as
The acting British and Irish Lions captain Martin Corry said that he did not attempt to sing The Power of Four because he felt that he would not be able to reach the correct notes. In 2009, British and Irish Lions player Alun Wyn Jones said that "	"	PUNCT	I	PRON	 I
It was directed by Leythum and written by Eric Pearson, with music by Paul Oakenfold. The short stars Clark Gregg reprising his role as Agent Phil Coulson. The short served to showcase Coulson as " more than just an annoying bureaucrat " of S.H.I.E.L.D. Bennie and Claire	Claire	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
From " a place which was made for this precise purpose ", two government eavesdroppers were therefore able to record details of conversations between the two priests. Their communications were mostly innocent, although Garnet's admission that on one occasion he drank too much wine was later	later	ADV	used	VERB	 used
The ships of the Folgore class were 56.7 meters (186 ft) long overall and had a beam of 6.31 m (20.7 ft). Folgore displaced 364 metric tons (358 long tons; 401 short tons) normally, while Saetta displaced 394 metric tons (	(	PUNCT	388	NUM	388
One torpedo tube was also removed during this refit. When the Italo Turkish War of 1911 – 12 began on 29 September 1911, Marco Polo was assigned to the 2nd Division of the 1st Squadron of the Mediterranean Fleet. She was quickly transferred, however, to	to	ADP	the	DET	 the
At the start of lap two a five car crash was triggered by Sadler making contact with Johnson in the tri oval; Johnson's car spun sideways and caught those of Patrick, Kurt Busch, Ragan and Bayne. The incident triggered the first caution of the race	race	NOUN	and	CCONJ	 and
In an upstairs bar at the club was a mural commissioned by Hardee as a parody of Leonardo da Vinci's The Last Supper. It showed Hardee as Christ with Jo Brand, Julian Clary and other famous British comedians as the Disciples including Ben Elton as Judas Iscariot	Iscariot	PROPN	.	PUNCT	.
The 2007 Formula One season was dominated by Ferrari's accusations that the McLaren team had made illegal use of their intellectual property, leading to legal cases in the United Kingdom and Italy. Unlike previous cases, such as the Toyota team's illegal use of Ferrari intellectual	intellectual	ADJ	property	NOUN	 property
He would spend hours reading books about boxing and golf to improve his balance and spring, and would focus on improving minor pieces of kit and behaviour, saying that " If I changed 100 things and got 1% better because of one of them, then it	it	PRON	was	AUX	 was
The main part of the house was recessed and, together with the wings, a large forecourt was created. The front of the house itself was refronted in Jacobean style. Mullioned windows replaced sash windows, and a ground floor loggia, and turrets with ogee caps	caps	NOUN	and	CCONJ	 and
One physician maintained that Jamal's scars were not from bullet wounds, but dated back to an injury he sustained in the early 1990s. There was no criminal inquiry. Palestinian police allowed journalists to photograph the scene the following day, but they gathered no forensic evidence	evidence	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
The political effects resulting from Onneca's marriages continued to be felt long after her death, which occurred at an unknown date. Onneca's father Fortún Garcés, the then heir to the throne of Pamplona, was captured in 860 in the town of Milagro during a	a	DET	punitive	ADJ	 punitive
72nd Brigade Support Battalion inactivated in November 2014, in conjunction with inactivation of 212th Fires Brigade (United States) in July 2014. In addition, Company A, 125th Brigade Support Battalion (formerly with 3rd BCT), in conjunction with the inactivation of 3rd BCT	BCT	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
The Spanish and their allies arrived at the lakeshore after a day's hard march, without encountering any opposition. Seeing the lack of resistance, Alvarado rode ahead with 30 cavalry along the lake shore. Opposite a populated island the Spanish at last encountered hostile Tz '	'	PUNCT	utujil	NOUN	 utujil
A team of 41 scientists reviewed 20 years of scientific literature and in so doing also ruled out other theories such as massive volcanism. They had determined that a 10 to 15 kilometre (6.2 to 9.3 mi) space rock hurtled into Earth at Chicxulub on Mexico's	's	PART	Yucatán	PROPN	 Yucatán
Near the end of al Mu'tasim's life there were a series of uprisings in the Syrian provinces, including the revolt by Abu Harb, known as al Mubarqa or " the Veiled One ", which brought to the fore the lingering pro Umayyad sentiment of a part	part	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
Beginning on the evening of July 6, the French began to lay out entrenchments on the rise northwest of the fort, about 0.75 miles (1.21 km) away, that commanded the land routes to the fort. On July 7, they constructed a lengthy series	series	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
Zolciak was forced to move out of her mansion, which she and Biermann had attempted to purchase less than a year earlier, Leakes began to question Moore's seemingly unfaithful behavior towards her boyfriend Walter during a group trip to Anguilla, which began a feud between Leakes	Leakes	PROPN	and	CCONJ	 and
Although mechanisation of the British cavalry was well advanced by 1939, there was still a 1st Cavalry Division that served in the Syria – Lebanon Campaign during the Second World War. Eventually all the cavalry regiments were mechanised and became part of the Household Cavalry and the Royal	Royal	PROPN	Armoured	PROPN	 Armoured
In 1931, he was persuaded to do voice work for RKO Radio Pictures for a film that would eventually be titled Sky Devils, and he acted in his first feature film, The Sport Parade (1932) with Joel McCrea. The work on The Sport Parade	Parade	PROPN	caused	VERB	 caused
The series was originally aired on BBC One from 15 June 1983 to 20 July 1983, and was a joint production with the Australian Seven Network. Set in 1485 at the end of the British Middle Ages, the series is written as a secret history which contends	contends	VERB	that	SCONJ	 that
Menage also negotiated a separate deal with Innes (likely behind Remington's back) where he agreed to pay him one third of the profits made from the land as a finder's fee and in exchange for Innes ' help keeping Remington and King at bay. Menage	Menage	NOUN	proceeded	VERB	 proceeded
The initial 6 July 2006 report found that, " the source of 41,500 transplants for the six year period 2000 to 2005 is unexplained " and concluded that " there has been and continues today to be large scale organ seizures from unwilling Falun Gong practitioners. " U.N.	U.N.	PROPN	special	ADJ	 special
The median age of the population is 41.4. The sex ratio of the population is 1.06 males per 1 female at birth and up to 14 years of age, and 0.99 males per 1 female between the ages of 15 and 64. But at ages over 64	64	NUM	the	DET	 the
Darius had spent three years preparing men and ships for war when a revolt broke out in Egypt. This revolt in Egypt worsened his failing health and prevented the possibility of his leading another army. Soon after, Darius died. In October 486 BCE, the body	body	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
The portion of people without a religion is 32.9%; above the national average of 24.7%. 7.1% did not state their religious belief. Since the 2001 Census, the number of Christians and Jews has decreased (-16% and -7% respectively),	,	PUNCT	while	SCONJ	 while
So when I hit the ground, if you didn't have the tag down, I was by you. No matter if the ball beat me, I was by you. That was what made the close plays go my way, I think. " Padres	Padres	VERB	closer	ADJ	 closer
The significance of the act was that for the first time and for one important reason only, through the election of Members of Parliament, the townships of the Potteries effectively became one. Shortly after the Reform Act came into effect, a Municipal Corporations Bill was introduced	introduced	VERB	which	PRON	 which
Despite losing the case, the lawsuit reflected very poorly on Carrouges at the court in Argentan and resulted in his further estrangement from Count Pierre's circle. Two years after the Arnou le Faucon lawsuit, Carrouges was once again in court facing Count Pierre, this time	time	NOUN	in	ADP	 in
But I just want you to know, sir, how sorry I am that this is our last night of life. Won't you pardon us, one more time? If we ever make trouble again, then of course you must act as you think best	best	ADV	.	PUNCT	.
At this time, he also declared a Security Option 3. At 2045 hrs, another person on duty in the control tower received a call to track the mysterious craft on radar. For the next 40 minutes, it was observed circling around the weapons storage area	area	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
The guns had a total of 1800 shells, at 150 per gun. The 15 cm guns had a range of 13,500 m (14,800 yd) at construction, although this was later extended to 18,800 m (18,373 yd). Initially, twelve 8.8 cm (	(	PUNCT	3.5	NUM	3.5
Nansen's first attempts to master dog driving were an embarrassing failure, but he persevered and gradually achieved better results. He also discovered that the normal cross country skiing speed was the same as that of dogs pulling loaded sledges. Men could travel under their own power	power	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
The third version, exhibited in Philadelphia, is known to have been destroyed. The location of the fourth version, originally exhibited in Brooklyn, is unknown. The painting is the work of French artist Paul Dominique Philippoteaux. It depicts Pickett's Charge, the failed	failed	VERB	infantry	NOUN	 infantry
When he tried to use $4,000 of this money to pay off a debt to Barnes, Barnes refused it, since it had come from a bookmaker. Hornsby protested to Barnes, " The money is as good as the money you take from people in the	the	DET	loan	NOUN	 loan
" Roger Ebert gave the film two out of four stars. While praising the film's ambition and energy, he said he could not " care about it for much more than a moment at a time, and after a while its manic energy wore [him	him	PRON	]	PUNCT	]
The beginning of the live ball era led to a spike in hitting productivity throughout the majors, which helped Hornsby to hit with increased power during the 1921 season. He hit.397 in 1921, and his 21 home runs were second in the league, more than twice	twice	DET	his	PRON	 his
Swordfish and Seafire aircraft flew protective patrols over the Home Fleet throughout the morning's operations. While the attack on Kaafjord was being conducted, the commander of the German submarines in the Norwegian sea ordered Group Trutz to take up new positions to the south east of Jan	Jan	PROPN	Mayen	PROPN	 Mayen
Internally, the pseudopodetia are solid when young, becoming hollow with age, and are composed of long, thin, highly gelatinized hyphae with narrow cavities about 0.5 μm wide. The lower part of older pseudopodetia becomes blackened internally. The algal layer is not continuous —	—	PUNCT	contrasting	VERB	 contrasting
" Kiss Me Goodbye " from Final Fantasy XII was played at the June 18, 2010 Detroit show, though it was not officially added to the general setlist. It was played again at the April 1, 2011 concert in New York City, which featured an	an	DET	expanded	VERB	 expanded
Since then Madonna has played guitar on every tour, as well as her studio albums. At the 2002 Orville H. Gibson Guitar Awards, she received nomination for Les Paul Horizon Award, which honors the most promising up and coming guitarist. According to Taraborrelli, the	the	DET	defining	VERB	 defining
[His pairing with] Cordelia completely fouled just about everyone and made him the whipping boy for fan ire. But [Vincent] earns serious kudos for his amazing last inning transformation of Connor from brat to tragic figure worthy of pity and understanding in Peace Out and	and	CCONJ	Home	NOUN	 Home
The material produced with Angle was hugely rejected by Interscope Records ' officials, and had the members work with producer Matthew Wilder instead. Upset with working with someone outside the band, Eric eventually stopped recording with the band, and encouraged the remaining members to write the	the	DET	group	NOUN	 group
" Prior to Pulos and Hutt's work, researchers were split on the mode of inheritance of white and whether it was deleterious (harmful). Recent research has discovered several possible genetic pathways to a white coat, so disparities in these historical findings may reflect the	the	DET	action	NOUN	 action
The camp is currently undergoing restoration and upgrading processes. Unlike other major cities, Kuala Terengganu does not have a lot of hospitals. The main hospital is Sultanah Nur Zahirah Hospital (HSNZ), formerly known as Kuala Terengganu General Hospital, the largest hospital in the	the	DET	state	NOUN	 state
The storm caused heavy crop damage, estimated at $66 million (2014 USD), including 60% of the state's papaya that was lost. This was enough to be classified as an agriculture disaster, and was eventually declared a disaster by Federal Emergency Management	Management	PROPN	Agency	PROPN	 Agency
The accompanying music video for the song was directed by Jonas Åkerlund. It premiered on February 17, 2011, following a two week promotional campaign of teasers. The video features Spears as a pop star who fell from space to find fame on Earth. There,	,	PUNCT	she	PRON	 she
In early 1944, the Delegation employed some 15,000 people in its administration; those were primarily older people, as the younger ones were recruited for the military side of the operations. The military arm of the Polish Underground State consisted primarily of various branches of the Armia	Armia	PROPN	Krajowa	PROPN	 Krajowa
Hamilton was given a drive through penalty for his actions. Meanwhile, Rosberg easily took second place from the troubled Räikkönen, who lost one more spot to Ricciardo just shortly after. Further back, Max Verstappen ran into the back of Bottas, causing Bottas to lose	lose	VERB	ground	NOUN	 ground
It was originally a mule drag used to haul timber to the creek. There is a 70 foot tall (21 m) cascading waterfall about 0.5 miles (0.80 km) down the trail. The park website classifies it as a " down and back trail "	"	PUNCT	since	SCONJ	 since
Parliament then passed the so called " Coercive Acts ", a package of measures designed to punish Massachusetts for the tea party. Hutchinson was recalled, and the Massachusetts governorship was given to the commander of British forces in North America, Lieutenant General Thomas Gage. Hutchinson	Hutchinson	PROPN	left	VERB	 left
The collapse of Hubbard's marriage to Sara created yet more problems. He had begun an affair with his 20 year old public relations assistant in late 1950, while Sara started a relationship with Dianetics auditor Miles Hollister. Hubbard secretly denounced the couple to the FBI in	in	ADP	March	PROPN	 March
Skiers with below the knee amputations get on and off the ski lift using the same technique as able bodied skiers. Cerebral palsy skiers in this class may have better balance while using skis than they would otherwise. This presents challenges for coaches who are working with the	the	DET	skier	NOUN	 skier
The population of the city expanded slowly after the Louisiana Purchase, but expansion increased desire to incorporate St. Louis as a town, allowing it to create local ordinances without the approval of the territorial legislature. On November 27, 1809, the first Board of Trustees were	were	AUX	elected	VERB	 elected
" In a 24 August 2012 newsletter to fans about the upcoming release of " Trouble, " it was announced that aspiring musicians and fans could produce their own remix for " Trouble " and win the chance to have their remix released along with the single. Lewis	Lewis	PROPN	told	VERB	 told
After passing Ditton parish it turns north and cuts through the North Downs at Rochester, joining the estuary of the River Thames as its final tributary near Sheerness. The Medway is some 112 kilometres (70 mi) long. The availability of water to transport products and	and	CCONJ	raw	ADJ	 raw
Because of this, up and down quarks are generally stable and the most common in the universe, whereas strange, charm, bottom, and top quarks can only be produced in high energy collisions (such as those involving cosmic rays and in particle accelerators).	.	PUNCT	For	ADP	 For
, as well as a small maple cup, out of which previous to the termination of the ceremony they drink the Queen's health... These small pieces are, by an order of Government declared current coins of the realm, therefore no one dare refuse to take	take	VERB	them	PRON	 them
I don't know how you get along so fast with the traffic on the roads these days. " Fleming was buried in the churchyard of Sevenhampton village, near Swindon. Fleming's last two books, The Man with the Golden Gun and Octopussy and The Living	Living	PROPN	Daylights	PROPN	 Daylights
Second, Amenhotep I appears to have nearly finished preparations for a sed festival, or even begun celebrating it; but Amenhotep I's reign is usually given only 21 years and a sed festival traditionally can not be celebrated any earlier than a ruler's 30th year.	.	PUNCT	If	SCONJ	 If
Five of the six brigades in the 4th and 5th Cavalry Divisions consisted of one British yeomanry regiment and two British Indian Army cavalry regiments one of which was usually lancers, the sixth brigade being the lancers of the 15th Imperial Service Cavalry Brigade. Some of the yeomanry	yeomanry	ADJ	regiments	NOUN	 regiments
While Desmond is training, Penny tracks him down and angrily questions him. (There is a moment in the background where Jack is seen arriving at the stadium to run.) Desmond tells her that he is determined to win Widmore's race and promises that he	he	PRON	will	AUX	 will
Critics have interpreted the lyric ' hard rain ' as a reference to nuclear fallout, but Dylan resisted the specificity of this interpretation. In a radio interview with Studs Terkel in 1963, Dylan said, " No, it's not atomic rain, it's just	just	ADV	a	DET	 a
Sociologist Arlie Russell Hochschild found that, in two career couples, men and women, on average, spend about equal amounts of time working, but women still spend more time on housework, although Cathy Young responded by arguing that women may prevent equal participation by men	men	NOUN	in	ADP	 in
The search was not called off until a tip led them to Nelson's body, which was lying in a ditch in what is now Skokie, Illinois. Walsh was on the team that captured criminal Arthur Barker, son of gangster Ma Barker, in Chicago in	in	ADP	1935	NUM	 1935
This movie was also among the first to be sold at the iTunes music store. The Curse of the Black Pearl had its UK television premiere on Christmas Eve 2007 on BBC One at 20: 30. It was watched by an estimated 7 million viewers. The	The	DET	film	NOUN	 film
IGN's Peer Schneider assured readers F Zero was one of the few 16 bit era video games to " perfectly combine presentation and functionality to create a completely new gaming experience ". The game was praised for its variety of tracks, and steady increase in difficulty.	.	PUNCT	GameSpy	PROPN	 GameSpy
Despite weakening, the wind field of Tanya became larger. That evening, Tanya was declared fully extratropical as it passed the Azores. The remnant cyclone turned north, before being absorbed by another extratropical cyclone early on November 3. Hurricane Tanya was not considered a threat	threat	NOUN	to	ADP	 to
With the result, Garfield instantly achieved a reputation as a preeminent appellate lawyer. During Grant's first term, discontented with public service, Garfield pursued opportunities in the law, but declined a partnership offer when told his prospective partner was of " intemperate and licentious "	"	PUNCT	reputation	NOUN	 reputation
This sortie was the initiation of a strategy adopted by Admiral Friedrich von Ingenohl, the commander of the High Seas Fleet. Admiral Ingenohl intended to use the battlecruisers of Rear Admiral Franz von Hipper's I Scouting Group to raid British coastal towns to lure out portions of	of	ADP	the	DET	 the
George Malcolm Thompson, writing in The Evening Standard, believed Live and Let Die to be " tense; ice cold, sophisticated; Peter Cheyney for the carriage trade ". Writing in The New York Times, Anthony Boucher — a critic described by Fleming's biographer	biographer	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
The Giro's twelfth stage began with a large climb which led to many attacks. Despite the flurry of attacks, the whole peloton eventually made it to the finish line together for a sprint finish that was won by Russian Dimitri Konyshev. The thirteenth stage saw the	the	DET	first	ADJ	 first
Beyond Avondale, the CL & N descended through Idlewild, where two Norfolk and Western Railway lines diverged — the Cincinnati and Eastern Railway east to Portsmouth and the Cincinnati Connecting Belt Railroad northwest to a junction near Elmwood Place. The railway began to climb again at East	East	PROPN	Norwood	PROPN	 Norwood
She based her vampires on Gloria Holden's character in Dracula's Daughter: " It established to me what vampires were — these elegant, tragic, sensitive people. I was really just going with that feeling when writing Interview With the Vampire. I didn't do	do	VERB	a	DET	 a
The increases were attacked by the Canadian Taxpayers Federation and the opposition parties, but Stelmach defended the raises as the first received by cabinet ministers in fifteen years and as being necessary to attract qualified people to politics. In early 2009, in response to the Late 2000s	2000s	NUM	recession	NOUN	 recession
Elephants, lions, buffalo, hippopotamuses, rhinoceroses, giraffes, antelopes, leopards, cheetahs, hyenas, and many species of snakes are found here, although most large carnivore populations have been drastically reduced since the early 20th century. Elephant poaching, particularly in the	the	DET	south	NOUN	 south
Elephants are ubiquitous in Western popular culture as emblems of the exotic, especially since – as with the giraffe, hippopotamus and rhinoceros – there are no similar animals familiar to Western audiences. The use of the elephant as a symbol of the US Republican Party began with	with	ADP	an	DET	 an
" Calgary Herald writer Bruce Weir said the episode " is Homicide at its finest: brilliantly written, intensely acted and continuously surprising. " Emily Nussbaum of The New York Times called " Three Men and Adena " the standout episode of the series, and described it	it	PRON	as	ADP	 as
In August 2005, the album was certified platinum in the UK, and had sold nearly 500,000 copies worldwide as of May 2005. The duo wrote three songs while touring in support of their début album Felt Mountain but decided to take their work in a different direction	direction	NOUN	with	ADP	 with
Nothing he does on these occasions sounds strained or arid; his tanned, leathery face is still an enthusiast's.... If it is possible to romp fastidiously, that is what Coward does. He owes little to earlier wits, such as Wilde or Labouchere. Their	Their	PRON	best	ADJ	 best
There is no Austria... there was once a living corpse which called itself Austria... that this Austria collapsed in 1918 was a blessing... particularly for the German people, who were thereby given the chance to create a Greater Germany. " After this, tensions between	between	ADP	the	DET	 the
Route 4 was originally legislated in the 1927 New Jersey state highway renumbering to run from Cape May north to the George Washington Bridge, running through Pleasantville, Toms River, Freehold, Perth Amboy, Rahway, and Paterson. The route replaced portions of the alignments of	of	ADP	several	ADJ	 several
The scene in which Maggie hits Homer over the head with a mallet is an extensive parody of the shower scene from Psycho; the music and camera angles are almost identical. When Grandpa visits Homer in the hospital, he recites the line " This world was never	never	ADV	meant	VERB	 meant
It became extratropical on August 30. On August 26, a tropical depression formed in the western Gulf of Mexico about 280 mi (450 km) northeast of Tampico, Tamaulipas. It moved slowly to the north northwest around a ridge without intensifying beyond winds of 30	30	NUM	mph	NOUN	 mph
As well as supplying air to the engine, the intake also supplied air through the ramp bleed to the propelling nozzle. The nozzle ejector (or aerodynamic) design, with variable exit area and secondary flow from the intake, contributed to good expansion efficiency from take	take	VERB	off	ADP	 off
After Mexican independence from Spain, it was within Coahuila y Tejas from 1824 to 1835. Although Alonso Álvarez de Pineda claimed Texas for Spain in 1519, the area was largely ignored by Spain until the late seventeenth century. In 1685, the Spanish learned that France	France	PROPN	had	AUX	 had
Today there are over 300 Benchers in Gray's Inn, mostly senior barristers and members of the judiciary. Gray's Inn does not possess a coat of arms as such, but instead uses a badge, often displayed on a shield, blazoned either " Azure an	an	DET	Indian	ADJ	 Indian
An undrafted player, Otto signed with the Flames as a free agent in 1984 and played 11 seasons with the team. He was one of the top defensive centers in the league during his career and one of the NHL's best at faceoffs; Otto was a	a	DET	two	NUM	 two
Overall Fahey made 26 league appearances scoring two goals throughout the season. On 11 November 2014, Fahey switched to Shamrock Rovers. He announced his retirement in August 2015 having failed to recover from knee surgery. His last ever game of professional football turned out to be	be	AUX	the	DET	 the
On 31 August, Berger was appointed Military Commander in Slovakia, and held sway for the next three weeks. On 9 September, Himmler advised him that he had been awarded the Iron Cross Second Class for his work in Slovakia. He was replaced by a HSSPF	HSSPF	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
This caused Totalproject to leave the project. In 2004, Biong Arkitekter was contracted to design the stadium, with Byggeråd as structural engineers. Five proposals for Briskeby were launched, estimated to cost between NOK 61 and 150 million. Three of them retained the current alignment	alignment	NOUN	and	CCONJ	 and
According to GameSpy's guide to Deception, Mileena " has some solid offensive tools " and " a few solid combos up her sleeve, as well as a few pop up attacks that are extremely quick and open up brief juggle opportunities, " but also severe weaknesses	weaknesses	NOUN	such	ADJ	 such
He was also president of Southern University from 1910 to 1914, and later became a professor and an influential biblical scholar at Emory University's Candler School of Theology from 1914 to 1939. Sledd first gained national recognition after he wrote a 1902 magazine article advocating better legal	legal	ADJ	and	CCONJ	 and
MacArthur established a close relationship with the Prime Minister of Australia, John Curtin, although many Australians resented MacArthur as a foreign general who had been imposed upon them. MacArthur had little confidence in Brett's abilities as commander of Allied Air Forces, and in August 1942	1942	NUM	selected	VERB	 selected
By June 1999, Redemption was still running in Glide, which at that point lacked some of the basic features the team needed to demonstrate at that year's Electronic Entertainment Expo. When the team eventually switched to Direct3D, it was forced to abandon some custom code	code	NOUN	it	PRON	 it
Losses on the crowded decks had been far more severe than on Leander, with casualties estimated at 100 killed and 188 wounded, again approximately a third of the total. The two French sailors that reached Leander immediately began a systematic pillaging of the British officers ' personal	personal	ADJ	effects	NOUN	 effects
The westward migration of the Huns forced many groups of people of Western Siberia to depart for Europe between about 350 and 400 AD. The Avars ' attack against the Sabirs in Siberia set in motion a number of migrations in the 460s. Between around 550 and 600	600	NUM	,	PUNCT	,
During the spring of 1864, he would direct the actions of the Army of the Potomac in northern Virginia, aggressively pushing Lee's Confederate army toward Richmond in a series of major battles. The men formerly of the 29th who had been transferred to the 36th Massachusetts	Massachusetts	PROPN	took	VERB	 took
She was heeled 8° to starboard with four cofferdams in place between 9 February and 28 March to repair about 1,500 square feet (140 m2) of bottom plating and replace five armour plates and their supporting structure. She rejoined the Battlecruiser Fleet, again as Beatty	Beatty	PROPN	's	PART	's
Clark was known as a reformer, having been elected city controller two years earlier in 1949 on a platform of cleaning up corruption in the city. In those two years, Clark probed various inefficiencies, graft, and theft in the Samuel administration and reported his findings	findings	NOUN	to	ADP	 to
The species produces brown mushrooms with caps of varying shapes up to 40 millimetres (1.6 in) across, and tall, thin stems up to 62 millimetres (2.4 in) long. At the base of the stem is a large and well defined " bulb "	"	PUNCT	.	PUNCT	.
Upon entering the Caribbean Sea, shower and thunderstorm activity redeveloped around the low. Continued development followed and the low was designated as Tropical Depression Fifteen at 0600 UTC on October 13 while located about 190 miles (305 kilometres) south of the southeastern tip of the Dominican	Dominican	PROPN	Republic	PROPN	 Republic
She took the part of the Soviet book editor Katya Orlova in the 1990 film adaptation of John le Carré's The Russia House, opposite Sean Connery, a role that required her to adopt a Russian accent. For her efforts, she was rewarded with a Golden	Golden	PROPN	Globe	PROPN	 Globe
The Grand Mufti is the most senior member of the judicial establishment as well as being the highest religious authority in the country; his opinions are highly influential among the Saudi judiciary. The judiciary proper (that is, the body of qadis) is composed of about	about	ADV	700	NUM	 700
It is theorized that early volcanic activity released sulfur into the atmosphere and the high temperatures prevented it from being trapped into solid compounds on the surface as it was on the Earth. The clouds of Venus are capable of producing lightning much like the clouds on Earth.	.	PUNCT	The	DET	 The
Opened in 1904, and known as the Grand Pier, it was designed to be 1.5 miles (2.4 km) long. Further development occurred after World War I, with the Winter Gardens Pavilion in 1927, the open air pool, with its arched concrete diving	diving	NOUN	board	NOUN	 board
He has a tattoo on his biceps which is the Lantern's logo and his original WWE character, The Hurricane, was inspired by the Green Lantern. In 2008, he got a tattoo of his last name on his upper back. Helms owns a motorcycle called	called	VERB	"	PUNCT	 "
The hostilities in North America were further encouraged by existing frictions along the frontier areas separating the colonies of these powers. This dis harmony was most pronounced along the northern and southwestern frontiers of the English colonies, which then stretched from the Province of Carolina in the south	south	NOUN	to	ADP	 to
By this time, US 13 was routed on a one way pair in the downtown area, using Walnut Street northbound and French Street southbound. A year later, the Walnut Street Bridge project was under contract. Construction on the project began in 1955. Construction of	of	ADP	the	DET	 the
Poor ratings on its night of broadcast in March 1997 stalled a commission; Harries told writer and creator Mike Bullen and producer Christine Langan to " forget it ". ITV's limited portfolio of comedy meant that although it was a ratings failure, the pilot was selected	selected	VERB	by	ADP	 by
Clinical research has indicated individuals often experience a diminished quality of life. Children with psoriasis may encounter bullying. Several conditions are associated with psoriasis. These occur more frequently in older people. Nearly half of individuals with psoriasis over the age of 65 have at least three	three	NUM	comorbidities	NOUN	 comorbidities
[...] Lauryn to me is the goddess. I'd love to meet her. I'm pretty sure she's heard me talk about her a billion times. " Although Minaj vouched for Hill to appear on the track, plans were never finalized and the	the	DET	collaboration	NOUN	 collaboration
Upon seeing her audition, Kapur insisted that she become an actress. She was originally scheduled to make her screen debut in Kapur's Tara Rum Pum Pum opposite Hrithik Roshan, but the filming was cancelled. Kapur later recommended her for director Mani Ratnam's Dil Se	Se	PROPN	...	PUNCT	...
As ruler of Thessalonica, Theodore quickly declared himself emperor, challenging the Nicaean emperor John III Vatatzes's claims on the Byzantine imperial throne. In 1225, he advanced to the outskirts of Constantinople, but his final attack against the seat of the much reduced Latin Empire	Empire	PROPN	was	AUX	 was
The majority of the glycans are therefore stalled as immature ' high mannose ' glycans not normally present on secreted or cell surface human glycoproteins. The unusual processing and high density means that almost all broadly neutralising antibodies that have so far been identified (from a subset of	of	ADP	patients	NOUN	 patients
Orthographies for the languages of Mexico are currently being developed by the Instituto Nacional de Lenguas Indígenas (INALI). The pre Columbian Maya civilization developed and used an intricate and fully functional writing system, which is the only Mesoamerican script that can be said to be almost	almost	ADV	fully	ADV	 fully
In spiking the guns at the Red House battery, the Americans had accomplished the more important of their two objectives: an invading force could now land between Chippawa and Fort Erie without facing artillery fire. However, subsequent events would render their service useless. The British	British	ADJ	official	ADJ	 official
The Swedish students disputed that the dog had been adequately anaesthetized. They said the dog had appeared conscious during the procedure, had tried to lift himself off the board, and that there was no smell of anaesthesia or the usual hissing sound of the apparatus. Other	Other	ADJ	students	NOUN	 students
Welles insisted that if Monitor didn't prove to be a " complete success ", the builders would have to refund every cent to the government. Winslow balked at this draconian provision and had to be persuaded by his partners to sign after the Navy rejected his attempt	attempt	NOUN	to	PART	 to
Themistocles urged the citizens to build the fortifications as quickly as possible, then went to Sparta as an ambassador to answer the charges levelled by the Spartans. There, he assured them that no building work was on going, and urged them to send emissaries to Athens	Athens	PROPN	to	PART	 to
Indicative of people's greed there were soon men charging the people to view and take pictures of the artwork. Day 11 saw an elaborate political display questioning the " casual cruelty " of the meat industry. Entitled Sirens of the Lambs, Banksy drove around a military	military	ADJ	style	NOUN	 style
U 64 was fitted with six 53.3 cm (21 in) torpedo tubes (four fitted at the bow and two at the stern), 22 torpedoes, one 10.5 cm (4.13 in) SK C / 32 naval gun, 180 rounds, and a 3.7	3.7	NUM	cm	NOUN	 cm
John A. Logan of Illinois hoped to attract Stalwart votes if Arthur's campaign was unsuccessful. Blaine was unsure he wanted to try for the nomination for the third time and even encouraged General William T. Sherman (John Sherman's older brother) to accept it if it	it	PRON	came	VERB	 came
On 18 July, a company from the 1st Battalion of Yiftach Brigade received the order to capture Qirbet Quriqur, an outpost protecting the only way for the Legion to get to Latrun located several kilometres to the north of the place. Intelligence services had not informed the	the	DET	responsible	ADJ	 responsible
Prince Bei, who was still an honored guest at the Tang court at the time, wrote to his brother Emperor Taizong (Yelü Deguang), advising him to invade the Tang. Instead, Taizong lent military support to a rebellion led by Shi Jingtang, a	a	DET	Tang	PROPN	 Tang
The Kőszegis and Matthew Csák, however, were shortly reconciled with Andrew, preventing Charles ' success. Andrew's envoy to the Holy See noted that Pope Boniface VIII did not support Charles Robert's adventure, either. Andrew, who had been in poor health for	for	ADP	a	DET	 a
As the tensions of the Cold War eased, more Arabians were imported to America from Poland and Egypt, and in the late 1970s, as political issues surrounding import regulations and the recognition of stud books were resolved, many Arabian horses were imported from Spain and Russia	Russia	PROPN	.	PUNCT	.
Many felt Kariya's equipment changes following his first concussion may have saved him from being rendered unconscious from the Stevens hit. Four and a half minutes of playing time later, he returned to the game. Following his return, he scored on a slapshot while skating	skating	VERB	down	ADP	 down
Newcastle manager Joe Kinnear had already stated that the club was " not interested at all in selling him ", and described the amount on offer for Given as " insulting ". However, on 30 January, it was reported that Newcastle had given permission for Given	Given	VERB	to	PART	 to
He wrote that " sure, in this episode she evicts Finn and Jake from their home... but hey, this is the first time we meet her and she's awesome. " He later wrote that " Marceline = best ". io9 writer Charlies Jane Anders	Anders	PROPN	wrote	VERB	 wrote
The first named storm of the 1962 Atlantic hurricane season, Alma formed from a tropical wave located offshore South Florida on August 26. Initially a tropical depression, it subsequently moved inland over South Florida. Impact in the state was minor, generally limited to light rainfall	rainfall	NOUN	and	CCONJ	 and
Ranching increased significantly from 1900 to 1920, but a series of agricultural related economic downturns in the early 1920s left many ranchers destitute. Beginning in the 1920s, the automobile provided faster and easier access to areas of natural beauty and old military roads into Jackson Hole over	over	ADP	Teton	PROPN	 Teton
His hitless streak ended when he allowed a home run to Delino DeShields in the ninth inning. Gabe Molina, who had made his MLB debut on May 1, allowed Cuba to score five runs in the ninth inning, including a three run home run hit by	by	ADP	Andy	PROPN	 Andy
On 18 January, the Americans attacked into the weaker west side of the Gifu, making some headway and destroying several Japanese pillboxes over the next two days until heavy rain stopped the attack on 20 January. That night, 11 Japanese were killed trying to escape from	from	ADP	the	DET	 the
Cheney has publicly supported gay marriage since leaving the vice presidency. In former president George H. W. Bush's book Destiny and Power: The American Odyssey of George Herbert Walker Bush, released in November 2015, the 41st president, although also laudatory of Cheney, is	is	AUX	in	ADP	 in
Store owners in the affected areas were reportedly allowed to open their shops, but were not allowed to conduct business, instead being paid TRY750 ($418) per day as compensation. Production faced criticism for allegedly damaging buildings while filming a motorcycle chase across rooftops in	in	ADP	the	DET	 the
Those genetic factors include deficiencies with antithrombin, protein C, and protein S, the mutation of Factor V Leiden, and the property of having a non O blood type. The rate of new DVTs increases dramatically from childhood to old age; in adulthood, about	about	ADV	1	NUM	 1
A few, including the Baron of Seisneck, who had commanded the German infantry contingents, managed to escape. The casualties of the battle were unusually high, even by the standards of the time, and are estimated at 28 percent of the total number of troops	troops	NOUN	engaged	VERB	 engaged
Upon completing a wave, a subsequent, more challenging wave begins. Players navigate the knight to collide with enemies. The elevation of an enemy in relation to the player's knight determines the outcome of the collision. If the protagonist is higher than the enemy,	,	PUNCT	the	DET	 the
An additional 3,000 acres (1,200 ha) was subsequently acquired. About 1,000 families were affected by the condemnation order, which came into effect on 7 October. Protests, legal appeals, and a 1943 Congressional inquiry were to no avail. By mid November U.S. Marshals	Marshals	PROPN	were	AUX	 were
" Soon afterwards, the band began an ill fated film project, Magical Mystery Tour. Starr's growing interest in photography at the time led to his billing as the movie's Director of Photography, and his participation in the film's editing was matched only by	by	ADP	McCartney	PROPN	 McCartney
According to Limón police chief Erick Calderón, 21 people were arrested in 2012 on charges related to turtle poaching. Jairo Mora was a research assistant who worked for Paradero Eco Tour, a state sponsored animal rescue group run by Vanessa Lizano. He was born in Limón	Limón	PROPN	on	ADP	 on
Near Plas Cwmllan is the large boulder known as Gladstone Rock, which bears a plaque commemorating a speech given in 1892 by William Ewart Gladstone, the then 83 year old Prime Minister, on the subject of Justice for Wales. The slate workings in Cwm Llan were	were	AUX	opened	VERB	 opened
Villeneuve's helmet carried a stylised ' V ' in red on either side — an effect he devised with his wife Joann. The base colour was black. His son, Jacques, used the same basic design, but like his contemporary, Christian Fittipaldi, he	he	PRON	has	AUX	 has
It is currently accepted that the Jiloca raises at the Ojos (Eyes) of Monreal, 2 kilometres (1.2 mi) from the town. These are a series of ponds linked by channels. From Monreal the river flows northwards and near Luco de Jiloca (Calamocha	Calamocha	PROPN	)	PUNCT	)
Red Bull Racing used the first practice session to test the " aeroscreen ", a form of cockpit protection developed in response to fatal accidents of the drivers such as Jules Bianchi, Justin Wilson and Henry Surtees, who were struck on the head by flying debris.	.	PUNCT	The	DET	 The
So far, it ’ s working. " Amy Sciaretto of Pop Crush gave the track a mixed review, and deemed it as highly similar to the work of Spears, stating: " If you told us this song was penned for Britney Spears for her last	last	ADJ	album	NOUN	 album
Likewise, the album's more upbeat moments reflect the trend in secular adult alternative toward earnest vocals over whitewashed rock (à la Vertical Horizon). Both sounds work well for MercyMe on Undone, doubtless giving fans of the band's music and devotion plenty more to	to	PART	believe	VERB	 believe
Their production has expanded the periodic table significantly, the first of these being neptunium, synthesized in 1939. Because many of the transuranic elements are highly unstable and decay quickly, they are challenging to detect and characterize when produced. There have been controversies concerning the acceptance	acceptance	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
Goaltender Jacques Plante had been wearing a mask during practices for some time, but did not wear it during games due to the objections of Blake and Selke who held the traditional view that players should not wear facial protection. That changed on November 1, 1959,	,	PUNCT	after	SCONJ	 after
Eventually, however, the writers saw that the most " personal " episodes were those based on the government conspiracy, and, as such, developed more stories based around the conceit. Jerry Hardin, William B. Davis, Mitch Pileggi, Tom Braidwood, Dean Haglund	Haglund	PROPN	and	CCONJ	 and
The crew compartment has shielding between the cockpits, such that at least one crew member can survive hits. The compartment and the rotor blades are designed to sustain a hit from 23 mm (0.91 in) rounds. The airframe includes some 2,500 lb (1,100 kg	kg	NOUN	)	PUNCT	)
When I came to the plate, he said, ' Kid, we're going to throw you a fastball. ' I didn't know whether to believe him or not. I hit it out. It was one of the longest home runs I ever hit	hit	VERB	.	PUNCT	.
However, after City's 5 – 1 defeat by Manchester United on 10 February 1906, United player Bob Bonthron was attacked as he left the ground. As a result, The Football Association closed the ground for 14 days, ordering City to switch its changing rooms	rooms	NOUN	to	ADP	 to
The book is no ordinary volume; it is a linking book, which serves as a portal to the world it describes. The player is transported to Myst Island, and must unravel the world's puzzles in order to return home. Myst was a commercial and	and	CCONJ	critical	ADJ	 critical
Major intersections The entire highway is in Muskegon County. Business US Highway 31 (Bus. US 31) is a 9.87 mile long (15.88 km) business loop running through the Muskegon area. It starts in Norton Shores and an interchange with US 31 as the	the	DET	westward	ADJ	 westward
Over 90 percent of Finnhorses today are chestnut. Flaxen manes and tails as well as white markings on the face and legs are common in the breed. As of 2007, only a minority of Finnhorses are any color other than chestnut: 6 percent are bay and	and	CCONJ	1.2	NUM	 1.2
Stanton's controversial publishing of The Woman's Bible in 1895 had alienated more religiously traditional suffragists, and had cemented Anthony's place as the more readily recognized leader of the female suffrage movement. Anthony continued to work with NAWSA and became more familiar to many of the	the	DET	younger	ADJ	 younger
On 12 December 1941, five days after Pearl Harbor and the day after Germany declared it was at war with the United States, Reich was arrested in his home at 2 a.m. by the FBI and taken to Ellis Island, where he was held for over three	three	NUM	weeks	NOUN	 weeks
In 1985, Central Park memorialized a portion of the park with a mosaic that reads " Imagine " in honor of Lennon. BMI named " Imagine " one of the 100 most performed songs of the 20th century. The song ranked number 30 on the Recording Industry	Industry	PROPN	Association	PROPN	 Association
He missed several weeks late in the 1939 season due to an arm injury, but managed to start Game One of the 1939 World Series. He defeated the Cincinnati Redlegs in that game, and the Yankees won the series in a four games to zero sweep.	.	PUNCT	Ruffing	NOUN	 Ruffing
Printed advertisements for the product announced, " Now all dogs can come home to the dinner Lassie comes home to. " In its first year, Recipe earned $10 million for Campbell's, and, in its third year, $40 million. To help	help	VERB	boost	VERB	 boost
In November 2012, CEO Elon Musk announced SpaceX's plans to build a second, much larger, reusable rocket system, this one to be powered by LOX / methane rather than LOX / RP 1 used on Falcon 9 and Falcon Heavy. The new system will	will	AUX	be	AUX	 be
The song includes backing from the Remo Four, and Big Jim Sullivan on bass. " Glass Box " is " a high speed Indian raga ", Spizer writes, and features sitarist Indril Bhattacharya. Everett describes " Wonderwall to Be Here " as a tune "	"	PUNCT	based	VERB	 based
This pattern of seasonal versus daily torpor may relate to the seasonality of the region, since Kirindy is the only location west of the eastern mountain rainforests that experiences very low temperatures at night during the winter months. By entering extended torpor, sometimes referred to as hibernation	hibernation	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
Following the reissue, the original album re entered the UK Singles Chart at number 12 in the week of June 16. The next week, the album fell to number 16. By June 2012, both the original album and its reissue had sold 1,850,000 combined copies	copies	NOUN	in	ADP	 in
In 1978 the Northern Territory achieved self government. The ACT was the only other mainland territory, with a population greater than that of the Northern Territory that was growing faster, so it was suggested that if self government was appropriate for the Northern Territory, then it	it	PRON	must	AUX	 must
The naphtha cut, as that fraction is called, contains many different hydrocarbon compounds. Therefore, it has an initial boiling point of about 35° C and a final boiling point of about 200° C. Each cut produced in the fractionating columns has a different boiling	boiling	NOUN	range	NOUN	 range
This is relatively low weight and should be bearable in a ship this size. The problem is in the hull construction itself. The part of the hull above the waterline is too high and too heavily built in relation to the amount of hull in the water.	.	PUNCT	The	DET	 The
Play magazine praised the unique gameplay, saying that " it's this combination of unique elements that creates an action RPG experience unlike any other ". Nintendo Power said that the game was " an entertaining and natural step in the franchise's evolution, " and awarded	awarded	VERB	it	PRON	 it
Kompowsky mentions several things which made Jackson famous, including Motown 25: Yesterday, Today, Forever, " Beat It ", and " Thriller ". He also sings portions of the songs " Billie Jean " and " Ben " and performs the moonwalk. When	When	SCONJ	Homer	PROPN	 Homer
Another earthquake hit Sidon around 570 AD; Antoninus of Piacenza, an Italian Christian pilgrim, described the city as partly in ruins. For many years after the disappearance of the cult of Eshmun, the sanctuary site was used as a quarry: Emir Fakhr al Din	Din	PROPN	II	PROPN	 II
After the original synthesis in 2010, scientists declared naming was a sensitive question, and it was avoided as far as possible. However, Hamilton declared that year, " I was crucial in getting the group together and in getting the 249Bk target essential for the discovery	discovery	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
In 1962, one local activist testified at a US Commission on Civil Rights hearing that of 31,000 homes that had recently sprung up in this neighborhood, not a single one had been sold to an African American. Phoenix's African American and Mexican American communities remained largely	largely	ADV	sequestered	VERB	 sequestered
) on 5 October, to begin a football coaching course. After leaving Boston, he stated that he was interested in taking over as manager of Scottish side Greenock Morton, but this came to nothing. In mid 2005 he spent two months as player coach at	at	ADP	the	DET	 the
Biotechnology research and genetic improvement have led to the development of strains that are more resistant to disease, bacteria, and pests, and also have the capacity to respond to different environments, thus allowing the expansion of sugarcane cultivation to areas previously considered inadequate for such cultures	cultures	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
The first scientific descriptions of the tree of heaven were made shortly after it was introduced to Europe by the French Jesuit Pierre Nicholas d'Incarville. D ' Incarville had sent seeds from Peking via Siberia to his botanist friend Bernard de Jussieu in the 1740s. The seeds sent	sent	VERB	by	ADP	 by
Other Monteux students included John Canarina, whose 2003 biography was the first full length study of the conductor in English, Charles Bruck, one of Monteux's first pupils in Paris, who became music director of the school in Hancock after Monteux's death, and Emanuel	Emanuel	PROPN	Leplin	PROPN	 Leplin
Selwood has declared the technique as a " benefit and an advantage I ’ m getting at the moment on someone else because I see a weakness in what they are doing... the majority of the time they are doing 95 per cent of the tackle right. It	It	PRON	’	PUNCT	 ’
He was raised in Oklahoma by his mother, a registered nurse, and grandmother. When he was 13, his mother had another son, Tyler, who was born prematurely and died at age one. Kemp attended Midwest City High School in Oklahoma, where he	he	PRON	was	AUX	 was
Nadia Sam Dalir for The Sun wrote that the singer had " dumped her demure image " in favour of " her raunchiest ever dance routine surrounded by muscly bare chested hunks. " Lewis performed " Collide " at Radio 1's Hackney Weekend on 24 May 2012.	.	PUNCT	She	PRON	 She
Thorn's nature was to be a conciliatory leader, and he made a direct appeal to the Chamber of Deputies to support his government, no matter the deputies ' individual ideological persuasions: " If you want a government that acts, and is capable of acting,	,	PUNCT	it	PRON	 it
The 2005 Golden Globe Award for Best Performance by an Actor in a Television Series – Musical or Comedy for Jason Bateman. The 2004 Writers Guild of America Award for Episodic Comedy, for the episode " Pier Pressure ", written by Mitchell Hurwitz and Jim Vallely.	.	PUNCT	The	DET	 The
Disputes over smuggling and the sea frontier between Gibraltar and Spain had repeatedly caused diplomatic tensions during the 19th century. The neutral zone between Spain and Gibraltar had also been a cause of disputes during the 19th and 20th centuries. This originally had been an undemarcated strip of	of	ADP	sand	NOUN	 sand
In 1432, a pro Polish party in Lithuania elected Vytautas's brother Žygimantas as grand duke, leading to an armed struggle over the Lithuanian succession which stuttered on for years after Władysław's death. Władysław's second wife, Anna of Celje, had died in 1416	1416	NUM	,	PUNCT	,
Presumably as a consequence of the Roman advance, various hill forts such as Dun Mor in Perthshire, which had been abandoned by the natives long ago, were re occupied. Some new ones may even have been constructed in the north east such as Hill O'	'	PUNCT	Christ	PROPN	 Christ
Although Wilson's Labour Party did not have a majority, they were the largest party. The second followed the May 2010 general election, in which the Conservatives (the largest party) and Liberal Democrats (the third largest party) agreed to form the first coalition	coalition	NOUN	government	NOUN	 government
In the succeeding week, it moved to number one, where it only stayed for a week. Breakout was certified gold by the Australian Recording Industry Association (ARIA) for shipments exceeding 35,000 copies. Breakout debuted at number four on the New Zealand Albums Chart on	on	ADP	the	DET	 the
On 1 March 1847 the Kilmarnock and Troon line reopened, as a standard gauge locomotive operated railway. It had been closed for the modernisation work, and it now provided a proper link from Kilmarnock to the coast. The GPK & AR opened a short connecting spur	spur	NOUN	between	ADP	 between
In the former, 4,000 dwellings sustained damage, and all of the banana crop there was lost. In all, 25,518 homes received damage. Roughly 400,000 people were directly affected by the storm. Overall, 85 people were killed and 324 others were wounded. After	After	ADP	striking	VERB	 striking
The album was nominated for a Grammy Award for Best Comedy Recording in 1986. In January 1985 Yankovic entered the recording studio to begin the sessions to his In 3 D follow up album. To produce the album, Yankovic brought in former The McCoys guitarist Rick Derringer	Derringer	PROPN	who	PRON	 who
The centre was commanded by the general Heraclius the Elder, later Exarch of Africa and father of Emperor Heraclius (r. 610 – 641), while the right wing was commanded by the taxiarchos Vitalius. This arrangement was also adopted by the Persians as soon as they	they	PRON	came	VERB	 came
' Non stop ' working was introduced on the District in December 1907. Usually just a few stations were missed; trains were marked NON STOP or ALL STATIONS as appropriate and panels beside the doors listed the stations the train would skip. East of Bow Road station	station	NOUN	the	DET	 the
[A] Ginza Nikon Salon (Ginza, Tokyo); Osaka; Kyoto; etc., 1988 – 89. The Hitachi Collection of Contemporary Japanese Photography, Center for Creative Photography, Tucson, Arizona. 1989. “ Dai 13 kai Ina Nobuo shō jushō	jushō	ADV	sakuhinten	ADP	 sakuhinten
Similarly, cats are able to understand object permanence but not to the same extent that dogs can. Cats fail to understand that if they see something go into an apparatus in one direction that it will still be there if the cat tries to enter from another direction	direction	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
As a result, firms can not pass on any part of the tax by raising prices, so they would be forced to pay all of it themselves. In practice, demand is likely to be only relatively elastic or relatively inelastic, that is, somewhere between	between	ADP	the	DET	 the
The engines were to be provided with snorkels, also like those used by German submarines. The snorkels were designed to provide a way for oxygen to reach the engine, even during amphibious operations passing through deep water. The Ratte's primary weapon would have been a	a	DET	dual	ADJ	 dual
She was originally dubious about taking on the role but later stated that she was proud that she joined the campaign. The actual production itself took place over the course of a single day, and over two and a half hours of footage was taken for the make	make	NOUN	up	ADP	 up
No response was made by the Prime Minister's office before the proposal was revised to use all of the allocated money to buy three ships, one armored frigate and two armored corvettes of composite construction to be designed by the prominent British naval architect Sir Edward Reed,	,	PUNCT	formerly	ADV	 formerly
This dilemma, he proposes, is directly related to the conflict between will and knowledge indicated by the shopkeeper at the start of the novel. Balzac mined his own life for details in the first parts of La Peau de Chagrin, and he likely modeled the protagonist	protagonist	ADJ	Raphaël	PROPN	 Raphaël
Surrounding the fasces is a full foliaged branch of olive, symbolical of peace. After Weinman's success in the competition, he visited the Mint to discuss conversion of his models to finished dies. The first time, he found Barber absent, but had a productive	productive	ADJ	talk	NOUN	 talk
The following year he participated in the Warsaw Uprising, an anti German rebellion which resulted in the deaths of 18,000 members of the Polish Home Army and over 200,000 Polish civilians. In 1945, after the Soviets drove the Germans out of Poland, Dangić was captured by	by	ADP	the	DET	 the
After docking at Kantara, the battalion moved by rail over 225 miles (362 km) to Ikingi Maryut, west of Alexandria in the Western Desert. There they received a new commanding officer, Lieutenant Colonel Thomas Gooch, after Prior was promoted and transferred to divisional	divisional	ADJ	headquarters	NOUN	 headquarters
The Philadelphia Mint produced 25,000 Lewis and Clark Exposition dollars in September 1904, plus 28 more, reserved for inspection and testing at the 1905 meeting of the United States Assay Commission. These bore the date 1904. Zerbe ordered 10,000 more in March 1905, dated 1905	1905	NUM	.	PUNCT	.
To aid the FFA's goals of building the profile of the sport, the Mariners created formal links with local state league team Central Coast United. On 1 November 2004, after much expectation, the club was announced as one of eight teams to become part of	of	ADP	FFA	PROPN	 FFA
In a 2010 Famitsu readers ' poll, Raiden was voted the 42nd most popular video game character. In 2013, Complex ranked Raiden as the 12th greatest soldier in video games, " even as he's not as cool as Solid Snake, " while GamesRadar called	called	VERB	Revengeance	PROPN	 Revengeance
Vargas Llosa acquired Spanish citizenship in 1993, though he still holds Peruvian nationality. The writer often reiterates his love for both countries. In his Nobel speech he observed: " I carry Peru deep inside me because that is where I was born, grew up,	,	PUNCT	was	AUX	 was
Some of these have specific adaptations such as enlarged teeth for biting or spines on the chest, arms or thumbs. In salamanders, defence of a territory involves adopting an aggressive posture and if necessary attacking the intruder. This may involve snapping, chasing and sometimes biting	biting	ADJ	,	PUNCT	,
The reserve race, contested between Oxford's Isis boat and Cambridge's Goldie boat, has been held since 1965. It usually takes place on the Tideway, prior to the main Boat Race. The umpire for the race was former Oxford rower Boris Rankov, who	who	PRON	had	AUX	 had
One of the burhs was Worcester, where Æthelred worked with its bishop and used the standing Roman walls in the town's defences. Over the next two generations Worcester was transformed from an ecclesiastical settlement to a town with a diverse population of craftsmen. London suffered severely	severely	ADV	from	ADP	 from
Some intraspecific brood parasitism occurs, and instances of unusually large numbers of eggs in a nest may be the result of females laying eggs in the nests of their neighbours. Such foreign eggs are sometimes recognised and ejected by females. The house sparrow is a victim of	of	ADP	interspecific	ADJ	 interspecific
The Plains tribes were often cheated out of land or pressured to sell at unfavorable rates. Some disaffected subgroups moved to central or eastern Taiwan, but most remained in their ancestral locations and acculturated or assimilated into Han society (Chen 1997). The Aboriginals often slaughtered	slaughtered	VERB	the	DET	 the
A pioneering flyer and aviation scholar, he piloted the first trans Australia flight from Melbourne to Darwin in 1919, and afterwards laid the groundwork for the RAAF's air power doctrine. During World War I, Wrigley joined the Australian Flying Corps and saw combat with No	No	PROPN	.	NOUN	.
In 1953, Al Rosen narrowly missed being recognized for achieving a rare " triple crown " in hitting after a questioned error caused him to finish the season one hit short of winning the American League batting title. Although scoring decisions were widely believed to favor the hitter	hitter	NOUN	over	ADP	 over
On November 14, Burke made a buzzer beater to give Utah a 102 – 100 victory over the New York Knicks. On January 2, he tied Antoine Walker's NBA record for worst single game three point shooting performance, 0 for 11. Burke scored a	a	DET	season	NOUN	 season
Other misconceptions are that any act of anal intercourse between two uninfected gay men can lead to HIV infection, and that open discussion of HIV and homosexuality in schools will lead to increased rates of AIDS. A small group of individuals continue to dispute the connection between HIV	HIV	PROPN	and	CCONJ	 and
When the canals were constructed, natural water flow was restricted from the mangrove forests near the coast of Florida Bay. From one wet season to the next, fish were unable to reach traditional locations to repopulate when water was withheld by the C & SF. Birds	Birds	NOUN	were	AUX	 were
The restoration was supervised by the Pennsylvania Department of Transportation (PennDOT), which owns and maintains the bridge. The repair involved minor work on the " steel floor beams and stringers ", which had been added years before. An entirely new wooden deck was installed	installed	VERB	,	PUNCT	,
The new " green printing " litho stone not only included green printing for unnamed spaces but also for corner decorations and to highlight the beginning of the banner. FIFTH EDITION: Another Thayer edition was needed between 1847 and 1853, so splitting the difference results in 1850	1850	NUM	.	PUNCT	.
Montu has generally been well received. Tom Buckingham of the Sarasota Herald Tribune commended the ride, giving kudos to the park " for designing its monster rides so that wait times put Disney to shame ". He stated " you'll generally be on the ride and	and	CCONJ	screaming	VERB	 screaming
After having occupied their respective territories, the three partitioning powers demanded that King Poniatowski and the Sejm approve their action. The King appealed to the nations of Western Europe for help and tarried with the convocation of the Sejm. The European powers reacted to the partition with	with	ADP	indifference	NOUN	 indifference
In 1973, the denial of a match winning goal in their last 1974 World Cup qualifier cost Belgium their appearance at the finals. The next two attempts to reach a major finals were also fruitless. Beginning with a second place finish at Euro 1980, the 1980s	1980s	NOUN	and	CCONJ	 and
Additionally, the circle marks the area a goalkeeper may play the ball with any part of his body and the area where an infringement by a defender results in a penalty corner. The terminology circle (or D) is widely used although the area is actually formed	formed	VERB	by	ADP	 by
The University of Houston Law Center was ranked 58th among the nation's " Best Law Schools " in U.S. News & World Report in 2012. U.S. News & World Report ranked the C.T. Bauer College of Business as the top Undergraduate Business Program in Houston, third among	among	ADP	public	ADJ	 public
Boulding started the first game of his second season with Bradford City, which ended with City losing 5 – 0 to Notts County, but he soon lost his place to new signings Gareth Evans and James Hanson and so had to wait another seven weeks for his second	second	ADJ	start	NOUN	 start
The black tailed jackrabbit has been successfully introduced in southern Florida and along the coastline in Maryland, New Jersey, and Virginia. Distribution of subspecies occurring entirely or partially in the United States is: Lepus californicus altamirae (Nelson) L. c. asellus (G. S. Miller	Miller	PROPN	)	PUNCT	)
In 1975, he moved to Epic Records and in 1979 released Off the Wall, to critical and commercial success. In June 1982, the Steven Spielberg – directed science fiction film E.T. the Extra Terrestrial was released. Created by Spielberg's Amblin Entertainment and distributed by	by	ADP	Universal	PROPN	 Universal
He was held in the Cook County Juvenile Detention Center until a judge sentenced him to home confinement at his grandmother ’ s house. On September 5, 2012, Chicago Police stated that Keef was being investigated for a possible connection in the shooting death of fellow rapper	rapper	NOUN	and	CCONJ	 and
For the 40th anniversary of All Things Must Pass, EMI reissued the album in its original configuration, in a limited edition box set of three vinyl LPs. Available via participating Record Store Day retailers, with each copy individually numbered, the release took place on 26	26	NUM	November	PROPN	 November
After a brief battle, the main body of the Texian and Tejano troops were defeated. Grant and two others escaped the battle and were pursued for 7 miles (11 km). Grant was killed, as were 11 men under his command. Six Texians were	were	AUX	taken	VERB	 taken
, " and concluded that " Shakira has created some of the most weirdly wonderful pop of the past year. " Moreover, the critic felt that Shakira had not completely abandoned her musical roots and commented: " the rumors of Shakira's vanishing Latina identity have been	been	AUX	grossly	ADV	 grossly
The time is 1973, 1978, and 1983, and the scene is a Chicago basement apartment where the characters meet to socialize over cards and drinks. Racial themes relating to the disparity of life at the steel mill are presented, and dreams about possibilities represented by	by	ADP	the	DET	 the
It was the ultimate form of healing the hurts from the past. " In 2015 the Guild became the parent company for the Mississippi Music Foundation in an effort to build a youth orchestra and a better outreach to educating and developing young and upcoming artists. Cook was	was	AUX	added	VERB	 added
On the Who's early US package tour at the RKO Theatre in New York in March and April 1967 Moon performed five shows a day, kicking over his drum kit after every show. Later that year, during their appearance on The Smothers Brothers Comedy Hour,	,	PUNCT	he	PRON	 he
The last straw came with the death of a young woman, Mary Gillies, who fell ill with appendicitis in January 1930 and was taken to the mainland for treatment. She later died in hospital. For many years it was assumed that she had died of appendicitis	appendicitis	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
The story has had more than one ending and is a challenge to summarize. The children's hospital Ed is about to visit burns down with all the children in it. A number of apparently unrelated short gag strips appear before Brown begins to tie the narrative together	together	ADV	into	ADP	 into
Decreasing the density of the fish stock increases survival by reducing injury to fish and lowering the general stress level in the population. Lowering the water temperature and keeping optimal oxygen levels has also been shown to reduce stress to fish and inhibit bacterial growth. A 2005 study	study	NOUN	showed	VERB	 showed
Gittings was an avid music lover, most interested in Baroque and Renaissance music. She sang in choral groups for most of her life, spending over 50 years in the Philadelphia Chamber Chorus. She was also a hiking and canoeing enthusiast. She and her lifelong partner	partner	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
Over the next 15 months, it fought in the North African and Tunisian Campaigns in both fighter and fighter bomber roles, claiming 49 German and Italian aircraft destroyed in the air and earning the nickname " The Desert Harassers ". Beginning in July 1943, No.	.	NOUN	450	NUM	 450
This results in a decrease in pressure support, which causes the core to contract until the increased density and temperature bring the core pressure into equilibrium with the layers above. The higher temperature causes the remaining hydrogen to undergo fusion at a more rapid rate, thereby generating	generating	VERB	the	DET	 the
However, NSB abandoned the plans and instead signed an agreement on 4 October 1940 for delivery of three electric locomotives. The units were intended to be delivered in 1942. The mechanical components and assembly was done by Thune, and electrical parts were delivered by NEBB,	,	PUNCT	except	SCONJ	 except
For his second appearance, on February 4, Presley was again aware that he could not perform " Heartbreak Hotel ". However, at his third appearance on Stage Show a week later, Sholes pressured CBS to give consent. Subsequently, Presley and his band performed	performed	VERB	"	PUNCT	 "
Both General Mills and Pillsbury sought to diversify beyond flour milling by sponsoring baking contests and publishing recipes. They also began developing semi prepared foods, such as Bisquick and prepared foods, such as Wheaties. After 1930, the flour mills gradually began to shut down.	.	PUNCT	The	DET	 The
It is also the final Bond film for actors Robert Brown (as M) and Caroline Bliss (as Moneypenny), screenwriter Richard Maibaum, title designer Maurice Binder, editor John Grover, cinematographer Alec Mills, director and former Bond film editor John Glen, and	and	CCONJ	producer	NOUN	 producer
Abbott's friends, once he started teaching it to them, began to call the game " Abbott's Ultima, " which he did not like at all. However, the publisher, Sol Stein, preferred the name " Ultima, " so that is the	the	DET	title	NOUN	 title
Psychosocial interventions include education (addressing among other things the correct use of analgesic medications and effective communication with clinicians), which modestly but reliably reduces the amount of pain experienced by the patient, and coping skills training (changing thoughts, emotions, and behaviors through training	training	NOUN	in	ADP	 in
Written by John Enbom and directed by Michael Fields, the episode premiered on UPN on March 29, 2006. The series depicts the adventures of Veronica Mars (Kristen Bell) as she deals with life as a high school student while moonlighting as a private detective.	.	PUNCT	In	ADP	 In
" In addition, his castmates noted that their characters would grieve. However, some sources, such as National Public Radio's Noah Adams and Robert Siegel, read into the fact that " Network publicity speaks of Simone's departure, not his demise... " In	In	ADP	late	ADJ	 late
" Lane Billings of Paste noted the song as whispy in nature, and made a case for Ocean as an R & B revivalist. Consequence of Sound's Harley Brown of stated that the song moves languidly, " like perfect thoughts about someone missed, until the	the	DET	muscle	NOUN	 muscle
These oriel windows are supported on ornate corbels. Above these at first floor level, and also above the entrance porch, there are three light trefoil headed windows set under a segmental arch shaped hood mould. Many of the windows on the south side have plate tracery	tracery	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
Born in Ontario, he migrated west as a young adult where he started a successful lumber company and later became Alberta's first Minister of Public Works and the 11th mayor of Calgary. As Minister of Public Works in the government of Alexander Cameron Rutherford, he oversaw	oversaw	VERB	the	DET	 the
The final selection will be in mid 2015 where 24 to 30 fighters are expected. The Swedish government announced on 21 July 2014 the Gripen's withdrawal from the Danish competition, having chosen not to respond to the invitation to tender. Gripen first export bid was to	to	ADP	Finland	PROPN	 Finland
Kioe Gie asks him to reconsider, or at least not take any customers, but Kioe Lie is set on his goals. Before Kioe Lie leaves, the brothers discuss marriage: since Lie has no intent to marry Hap Nio soon, Kioe Gie asks permission to	to	PART	marry	VERB	 marry
Andrić's well connected friends also intervened on his behalf and appealed to Foreign Minister Momčilo Ninčić, citing Andrić's diplomatic and linguistic abilities. In February 1924, the Foreign Ministry decided to retain Andrić as a day worker with the salary of a vice consul. This	This	PRON	gave	VERB	 gave
The building of the actual set began in the middle of March 2008. 100 people worked 16 hours a day to construct the set for the event. The construction finished on March 29. WrestleMania XXIV was the first WrestleMania event to be filmed in high definition.	.	PUNCT	It	PRON	 It
The project extended over several years, by which time Driberg was no longer in parliament; he had announced in March 1954 that he was standing down from Maldon, which at the General Election of May 1955 fell, as he had expected, to the Conservatives.	.	PUNCT	On	ADP	 On
After the season, Fuld was non tendered by the Rays, making him a free agent. He was among the most popular players in recent Rays history. Fuld signed a minor league deal with the Oakland Athletics on January 4, 2014. On April 12,	,	PUNCT	after	ADP	 after
Among the factors influencing his decision was his perception of corruption in state politics. After his service in the West Virginia House, Jones began to concentrate on his real estate business and established a small horse farm just outside Huntington. His interest in the horse business led	led	VERB	him	PRON	 him
When the club reached an agreement with the sisters in 1990, the expansion plans were put into action. The stand — renamed the Centenary Stand — was officially opened on 1 September 1992 by UEFA president Lennart Johansson. In 1993, Liverpool fans gestured their support for	for	ADP	James	PROPN	 James
Although Montgomery was reluctant to attack, enlistments for Arnold's men were expiring on January 1, and he was concerned about losing their services. On the night of December 30, a snowstorm struck. Montgomery issued the order to attack and the Americans began to move	move	VERB	towards	ADP	 towards
A newspaper article tried to dispel rumors about Dwan's dismissal, termed " retirement, " having resulted in much dissatisfaction within the company. On April 20, there was an announcement that Pauline Bush and Jessalyn Van Trump were also leaving the company. Lombardi says the	the	DET	two	NUM	 two
Croatia's territory covers 56,594 km2 (21,851 sq mi), making it the 127th largest country in the world. Bordered by Bosnia and Herzegovina and Serbia in the east, Slovenia in the west, Hungary in the north and Montenegro and the Adriatic Sea in the	the	DET	south	NOUN	 south
In addition to the cliff dwellings, Mesa Verde boasts a number of mesa top ruins. Examples open to public access include the Far View Complex and Cedar Tree Tower on Chapin Mesa, and Badger House Community, on Wetherill Mesa. Balcony House is set on a	a	DET	high	ADJ	 high
" While giving his opinion on burqa ban Mr Bolkestein said that he " disagrees with the recent introduction of a burqa ban, an idea championed by Geert Wilders. " The Netherlands, he said, is the third European country to introduce such a ban after France	France	PROPN	and	CCONJ	 and
It was also the only Xbox 360 game to appear in the list. As of April 2010, the game's Japanese sales have reached 204,305 units. This makes it the second best selling Xbox 360 game in Japan, behind Star Ocean: The Last Hope and	and	CCONJ	ahead	ADV	 ahead
The Federal Housing Act of 1949 provided funding for clearing blighted areas, and city officials interpreted the definition of " blighted " liberally. The Federal Aid Highway Act of 1956 provided funding for an interstate highway system, which would also transform Minneapolis. The Gateway district,	,	PUNCT	centered	VERB	 centered
During the Olympic training camp in Brisbane, the Australian coaches tried to get Evans to cover more mileage at training. Evans ' teammates recalled him stopping during a pool session and emphatically proclaiming that " Work is a poor substitute for talent ". In 2000, more	more	ADJ	than	ADP	 than
A safety after the ensuing kickoff made the final score 8 – 3. The win put Cleveland in the NFL championship game against the Los Angeles Rams. Graham's rushing and passing were again key to the Browns ' 30 – 28 victory. He drove the offense	offense	NOUN	downfield	NOUN	 downfield
Nissan also found that on average owners charge their electric cars for two hours a night, and occasionally some owners drive two days on one charge. In October 2011, Nissan North America reported that based on a bigger sample of 7,500 Leafs on the U.S. roads,	,	PUNCT	the	DET	 the
The university wanted the land for expanded graduate facilities. As part of the deal, the university leased Forbes back to the Pirates until a replacement could be built. An early design of the stadium included plans to situate the stadium atop a bridge across the Monongahela River	River	PROPN	.	PUNCT	.
The lack of academic attention left Tate with poor study skills and by his sophomore year he had to enroll at Charter School of San Diego. As a freshman he and his brother Chris, who was then a junior, played high school football for St. Augustine High	High	PROPN	School	PROPN	 School
To record the actual radiation dosages, each crew member wore a Personal Radiation Dosimeter that transmitted data to Earth as well as three passive film dosimeters that showed the cumulative radiation experienced by the crew. By the end of the mission, the crew experienced an average radiation	radiation	NOUN	dose	NOUN	 dose
The gap between the two populations is around 70 km (43 mi), shrinking to 30 km (19 mi) at Dorrigo. The forest raven inhabits a wide range of habitat within Tasmania such as woods, open interrupted forest, mountains, coastal areas,	,	PUNCT	farmland	NOUN	 farmland
In the season ending Manx International Rally, Mouton struggled to start her Quattro and then crashed out five stages later. Mouton's only WRC event of the year was the long distance Rallye Côte d'Ivoire. She was co driven by Arne Hertz as Pons was ill at	at	ADP	the	DET	 the
The dark painted stripes on her after part made her stern appear her bow, and a broad cut of green paint amidships looks like a patch of water. The weather was bright and visibility good; this was the best camouflage I have ever seen. In 2011	2011	NUM	,	PUNCT	,
The episode received generally positive reviews, with many critics praising the new revelations about the shapeshifters, the parallel universe, as well as the much anticipated conversation between Olivia and William Bell. In January 2013, IGN ranked it as the third best episode of the series	series	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
It was simply the matter of a splendid eleven winning over an unseasoned, inexperienced team. Tech played hard, clean football, and we were somewhat surprised to meet such a fair, aggressive team, after the reports we had heard. I think that Vanderbilt could	could	AUX	have	AUX	 have
Bladed weapons had clipped the skull and sheared off layers of bone, without penetrating it. Other holes in the skull and lower jaw were found to be consistent with dagger wounds to the chin and cheek. The multiple wounds on the king ’ s skull indicated that	that	SCONJ	he	PRON	 he
" Former NASA astronaut Garrett Reisman said, " The pace and story was definitely engaging and I think it was the best use of the 3 D IMAX medium to date. Rather than using the medium as a gimmick, Gravity uses it to depict a real environment	environment	NOUN	that	PRON	 that
" It is important to recognize that Proudhon distinguished between ideal political possibilities and practical governance. For this reason, much in contrast to some of his theoretical statements concerning ultimate spontaneous self governance, Proudhon was heavily involved in French parliamentary politics and allied himself not with Anarchist	Anarchist	ADJ	but	CCONJ	 but
The disparity between the reformist King's Bench and conservative Common Pleas was exacerbated by the fact that the three Common Pleas prothonotaries could not agree on how to cut costs, leaving the court both expensive and of limited malleability while the King's Bench became faster, cheaper	cheaper	ADJ	and	CCONJ	 and
Cicero reports that the peripatetic and Stoic view of nature as an agency concerned most basically with producing life " best fitted for survival " was taken for granted among the Hellenistic elite. In line with earlier Greek thought, the 4th century bishop and theologian, Augustine of	of	ADP	Hippo	PROPN	 Hippo
Coachman and Bischoff performed double team attacks on McMahon until Steve Austin interfered by performing a Stone Cold Stunners on Coachman and Bischoff. After Austin's interference, McMahon positioned Bischoff on the television commentators ' table, performed a Leap of Faith onto Bischoff's chest, thereby	thereby	ADV	breaking	VERB	 breaking
The bottom line is that this will likely be another smash for an artist whose stock as a credible musical entity deservedly rises with each release. " He also complimented the dance remixes of the song, saying that " when combined, [Marcus Schultz house remix]	]	PUNCT	keyboard	NOUN	 keyboard
Thrive received mostly positive reviews from music critics. The album's songwriting and musical diversity were generally praised. Joshua Andre of Christian Music Zine awarded the album four and a half out of five stars, describing the lyrics as " profound " while praising the music as	as	SCONJ	the	DET	 the
Brian Vickers was the race's defending champion. Three practice sessions were held before the Sunday race — one on Friday and two on Saturday. The first session lasted 90 minutes. The Saturday morning session lasted 45 minutes, and the final practice session was 60 minutes	minutes	NOUN	in	ADP	 in
In the first edition, gold not only added color and price but homage to royalty. In all three editions, the paper was glued to linen so it could fold up and be inserted into a heavy attractively labeled cardboard case. W. & S. B. Ives published	published	VERB	the	DET	 the
Grim Fandango mixed static pre rendered background images with 3D characters and objects. Part of this decision was based on how the calaca figures would appear in three dimensions. There were more than 90 sets and 50 characters in the game to be created and rendered; Manny	Manny	PROPN	's	PART	's
The dissipating storm produced light winds and precipitation in Nova Scotia. Overall, Tropical Storm Chris was attributed to four fatalities and $2.25 million (1988 USD) in losses. A tropical wave emerged into the Atlantic from the west coast of Africa on August 15.	.	PUNCT	Six	NUM	 Six
Following the completion of the boycott season in Tolka, the Kilcoynes sold the football club to Dublin businessman John McNamara, who put forward a controversial proposal to move in with Bohemians at Dalymount Park. KRAM congregated to vote on whether to lift the boycott and on the	the	DET	proposal	NOUN	 proposal
" For example, Barcelona, Spain is 0.2° C (0.4° F) cooler for daily maxima and 2.9° C (5.2° F) warmer for minima than a nearby rural station. A description of the very first report of the UHI by Luke	Luke	PROPN	Howard	PROPN	 Howard
Los Angeles County Supervisor Raymond Darby commenced a Senate run, but changed his mind and instead ran for lieutenant governor. Darby was defeated by incumbent Lieutenant Governor Goodwin Knight in the Republican primary. Knight had also been considered likely to run for the Senate, but decided	decided	VERB	to	PART	 to
Around the stations, high density commercial and residential centers can be established. Opponents of the project argued that it is unfair that public transport be funded by car drivers through toll roads. Protests from people in northern and western areas of the city have risen, since	since	SCONJ	they	PRON	 they
Worsley captained for just two seasons. He struggled with the demands of fielding, while his batting was disappointing. However, he was widely respected by the team. He was slightly more effective in his second season as leader, after which he retired. The next	next	ADJ	skipper	NOUN	 skipper
" The Drowned World Tour was originally scheduled to begin with two shows in the Kölnarena in Cologne, Germany but both concerts had to be canceled due to technical difficulties. As a result, 35,000 tickets were refunded. Her show of August 3 at the Continental Airlines	Airlines	PROPN	Arena	PROPN	 Arena
A collected volume, Poems and Translations, with a preface by Yeats, was published by the Cuala Press on 8 April 1909. Yeats and actress and one time fiancee Molly Allgood completed Synge's unfinished final play, Deirdre of the Sorrows, and it was presented	presented	VERB	by	ADP	 by
Only one original theme was written specifically for Rocky Balboa, which is the theme written to represent the character of Marie. The roughly 40 minute score was recorded in the summer of 2006 at Capitol Studios in Hollywood, California. Conti chose to pre record the string	string	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
Prior to the release of the band's 1993 follow up album In Utero, Novoselic remarked, " If it wasn't for ' Teen Spirit ' I don't know how Nevermind would have done, " and observed, " There are no ' Teen Spirits '	'	PUNCT	on	ADP	 on
In Richmond, Virginia, the Turk was observed by Edgar Allan Poe, who was writing for the Southern Literary Messenger. Poe's essay " Maelzel's Chess Player " was published in April 1836 and is the most famous essay on the Turk, even though many	many	ADJ	of	ADP	 of
Astronomer Noah Brosch has speculated that the name of the character Sirius Black from the Harry Potter stories, who owns a unique ability to transform into a black dog, might have been inspired by " Sirius B ". Sirius is one of the 27 stars on the	the	DET	flag	NOUN	 flag
Some of Laozi's famous sayings include: " When goodness is lost, it is replaced by morality. " " Without Darkness, there can be no Light. " " The usefulness of a pot comes from its emptiness. " " The best people are like	like	ADP	water	NOUN	 water
The cap cuticle comprises a distinctive layer of 3 – 8 μm wide hyphae that form a layer usually 110 – 125 μm thick; this layer is less distinct or thinner in old or poorly preserved specimens. Clamp connections are present in hyphae throughout the fruit body.	.	PUNCT	Cortinarius	NOUN	 Cortinarius
A few days later, Rockwell confirmed he would take the role, and that his character would be Justin Hammer. Paul Bettany confirmed that he would be returning to voice J.A.R.V.I.S. Marvel entered into early talks with Emily Blunt to play the Black Widow, though she was	was	AUX	unable	ADJ	 unable
During the Crusader Ayyubid wars, Deir al Balah was the site of a strategic coastal fortress known as " Darum " which was continuously contested, dismantled and rebuilt by both sides until its final demolition in 1196. Afterward, the site grew to become a large village	village	NOUN	on	ADP	 on
The larger group of students attacked Green and Blue Groups from the east around 08: 00, suffering severe casualties, but maintained continuous pressure on the German flank. About 09: 00, the Germans had largely secured Drvar, and the available troops went from house	house	NOUN	to	ADP	 to
To get to Europe, Trotter posed as a seaman seeking work in New York, and got a job as a cook on the SS Yarmouth to gain passage to France. He arrived in Paris alone and with little more than his cook's clothing, only to	to	PART	find	VERB	 find
As Zwingli was working on establishing these political alliances, Charles V, the Holy Roman Emperor, invited Protestants to the Augsburg Diet to present their views so that he could make a verdict on the issue of faith. The Lutherans presented the Augsburg Confession. Under the	the	DET	leadership	NOUN	 leadership
It was serviced to mainstream radio in the United States on July 15, 2003. The song became Duff's first single to chart in the US Billboard Hot 100, reaching number forty two. It was moderately successful outside the US, reaching top forty in most	most	ADJ	countries	NOUN	 countries
Regular showings of the pieces collected by Wilson, Reilly, and Jackson (and those donated by others), became too much for Reilly and Jackson's small home in West Roxbury, Massachusetts, as hundreds of people attended the receptions. The founders initial attempt at	at	ADP	dealing	VERB	 dealing
After the armistice he returned to Birmingham and tried to find work as a cartoonist. He sold two cartoons to the Bystander in 1919 but was unable to secure a permanent position. Later in 1919 Whale embarked on a professional stage career. Under the tutelage of actor	actor	NOUN	manager	NOUN	 manager
The Athenians were initially intransigent, going so far as to imprison a man who suggested that a stretch of the long walls be torn down as the Spartans had insisted, but the reality of their situation soon compelled them to consider compromises. In this situation, Theramenes	Theramenes	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
With her public recitation, Angelou became the second poet in history to read a poem at a presidential inauguration, and the first African American and woman. (Robert Frost was the first inaugural poet, at the 1961 inauguration of John F. Kennedy.) Angelou's	's	PART	audio	ADJ	 audio
Since then, his whereabouts and ultimate fate remain a mystery. Detective Chief Superintendent Roy Ranson initially claimed that Lucan had " done the honourable thing " and " fallen on his own sword ", a view publicly repeated by many of Lucan's friends, including John	John	PROPN	Aspinall	PROPN	 Aspinall
Pajota and 200 guerrillas were to set up a roadblock next to the wooden bridge over the Cabu River. This setup, northeast of the prisoner camp, would be the first line of defense against the Japanese forces camped across the river, which would be within earshot	earshot	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
The female lays three to five eggs, and she incubates them for nearly two weeks. Once the eggs are hatched, both the male and female will feed the chicks. The birds aggressively defend their nests and surrounding areas against other birds and animals. When a	a	DET	predator	NOUN	 predator
This honor brought the award full circle for Robertson since he had won the first two awards ever presented. After college, Robertson co captained the U.S. basketball team at the 1960 Summer Olympics with Jerry West. The team, described as the greatest assemblage of amateur basketball	basketball	NOUN	talent	NOUN	 talent
The band won a single award, for Best Hard Rock Performance with Vocal for " Bullet with Butterfly Wings "; it was the group's first. Mellon Collie and the Infinite Sadness also ranked at number 14 on the 1995 Village Voice Pazz & Jop critics '	'	PART	poll	NOUN	 poll
After initial reports of suspicious contributions, prominent Democrats defended Hsu's reputation. Supporters began to distance themselves after his long time fugitive status was revealed. After Hsu fled the California justice system again in 2007, his contributions were renounced by an increasing number of elected officials	officials	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
HP.80 Prototype, two aircraft built. Victor B.1 Strategic bomber aircraft, 50 built. Victor B.1A Strategic bomber aircraft, B.1 updated with Red Steer tail warning radar and ECM suite, 24 converted. Victor B.1A (K.2P) 2 point in flight refuelling tanker retaining bomber	bomber	NOUN	capability	NOUN	 capability
Awindra Pratap Pandey, the man who was attacked, is a software engineer from Gorakhpur, Uttar Pradesh, who lives in Ber Sarai, New Delhi; he suffered broken limbs but survived. Delhi police registered a criminal case against the editor of a Delhi based tabloid	tabloid	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
After his recovery he struggled to force his way back into the side and spent time out on loan to Nottingham Forest and Ipswich Town before joining Sheffield United on a free transfer in January 2013. After eight months at Bramall Lane, he left to join Conference Premier	Premier	PROPN	side	NOUN	 side
The Jack Fish Head Band made requests for the north side of Jack Head Point at the Lobstick River. The Sandy Bar Band, a branch of St. Peter's Band requested White Mud River site on the west Side of Lake Winnipeg. The Blood Vein River Band	Band	PROPN	was	AUX	 was
Subsequently the urgency of Monitor's completion and deployment to Hampton Roads was driven by fears of what the Confederate ironclad, now renamed Virginia, would be capable of doing, not only to Union ships but to cities along the coast and riverfronts. Northern newspapers published daily	daily	ADJ	accounts	NOUN	 accounts
For most of the 20th century, the diagnosis of Alzheimer's disease was reserved for individuals between the ages of 45 and 65 who developed symptoms of dementia. The terminology changed after 1977 when a conference on AD concluded that the clinical and pathological manifestations of presenile and	and	CCONJ	senile	ADJ	 senile
In 1979, New York Magazine referred to Lucas and McFaul as " Jingle Giants ", two out of a handful of jingle writers, saying, " Two out of three major commercial jingles are written by the elite group. " In 1971, Lucas produced a	a	DET	four	NUM	 four
Later, other photos of the filming were published on several websites and they showed Gaga with blue lipstick and a leather romper with several male dancers, in a long sleeve red dress with padded shoulders, a big satellite dish and a big black hat. Footage of	of	ADP	the	DET	 the
The longest biographical entries, about 450 words, were written for former Chicago Mayors Harold Washington and Richard J. Daley. Neither Richard M. Daley nor Michael Jordan had entries because only notable deceased persons were included. By 1998, the editors had settled on the table of	of	ADP	contents	NOUN	 contents
The accidents may have precipitated the physical deterioration that was to follow. After the plane crashes, Hemingway, who had been " a thinly controlled alcoholic throughout much of his life, drank more heavily than usual to combat the pain of his injuries. " In October	October	PROPN	1954	NUM	 1954
It appeared on Billboard's Modern Rock Tracks at number 18. The song peaked at number sixteen at Canada Singles Chart. The song peaked at number 10 in UK Top 75 on 17 November 2002. The single's cover, created by Sølve Sundsbø, as with	with	ADP	the	DET	 the
When Saint Saëns was brought back to Paris he lived with his mother and her widowed aunt, Charlotte Masson. Before he was three years old he displayed perfect pitch and enjoyed picking out tunes on the piano. His great aunt taught him the basics of pianism,	,	PUNCT	and	CCONJ	 and
He began working at a young age, supplementing his family's income variously as a cotton picker earning 35 cents per 100 pounds, managing a fruit stand, and delivering newspapers. His family moved to Detroit when he was 13, where other ways of making money	money	NOUN	presented	VERB	 presented
As Death Cab for Cutie, Gibbard released a cassette titled You Can Play These Songs with Chords the same year. The release was surprisingly successful, and Gibbard decided to expand the project into a complete band, recruiting Chris Walla (who had also worked on the	the	DET	cassette	NOUN	 cassette
There is a statue of Hull born Amy Johnson in Prospect Street. In recent years a number of modern art sculptures and heritage trails have been installed around Hull. These include a figure looking out to the Humber called ' Voyage ' which has a twin in Iceland	Iceland	PROPN	.	PUNCT	.
The small toothed sportive lemur is solitary and eats leaves, fruits, and flowers. Due to recent taxonomic changes and a lack of clarity about its population size and range, it is listed as " Data Deficient " by the International Union for Conservation of Nature (	(	PUNCT	IUCN	PROPN	IUCN
The Bill attracted large amounts of controversy, with critics such as Hugh Marshall asserting that it violated the CARICOM Single Market and Economy agreement and the General Agreement on Tariffs and Trade, and would lead to Antiguan traders finding it difficult to expand into external markets. Although	Although	SCONJ	other	ADJ	 other
At the ranch, they set everything on fire that had blood in it, and all work was suspended by unanimous consent... little or nothing was done for nearly five days; by this time the main body had passed, though plenty remained to make everything uncomfortable	uncomfortable	ADJ	for	ADP	 for
In the season opener against the Atlanta Falcons, Streets totaled 81 yards receiving as part of a 335 yard day by Garcia. This was Streets ' single game season high yardage total for the season. It included a 52 yard overtime catch on 3rd and 5 in	in	ADP	the	DET	 the
In the second, in addition to the goal of pocketing one's secret ball, points are scored in various ways. In the instance where pills are unavailable, a cloth may be used to cover the balls, which are then chosen blindly, recorded, and	and	CCONJ	replaced	VERB	 replaced
Manager Arsène Wenger was named Barclaycard Manager of the Year and midfielder Fredrik Ljungberg received the player equivalent – the Barclaycard Player of the Year, in recognition of the team's achievement. Winger Robert Pirès was given the accolade of being the Football Writers ' Association Footballer of	of	ADP	the	DET	 the
Some hunters used sticks to poke the nestlings out of the nest, while others shot the bottom of a nest with a blunt arrow to dislodge the pigeon. Others cut down a nesting tree in such a way that when it fell, it would also hit a	a	DET	second	ADJ	 second
She scored 24 not out as Australia upset England in the only T20 by 34 runs. She played in all of the five ODIs, and after making 23, 38 and 40, her form tapered away in the last two matches, making single figure scores to	to	PART	end	VERB	 end
The debut trailer was released in November 2010, followed by a behind the scenes development video the next month. The game missed its original projected " fiscal 2008 " release date, pushed back to September 2010 to allow for further polishing. This was later pushed to	to	ADP	the	DET	 the
The former British video game publication Super Play, which had three editors review the game, also enjoyed it. The magazine's Zy Nicholson noted that the game was better than his favorite game, Mega Man X, describing Super Metroid as " more of an experience	experience	NOUN	than	ADP	 than
Later that evening, the President elect hosted three separate bipartisan dinners to honor the service of John McCain, Colin Powell and Joe Biden. On the evening of January 19, 2009, Michelle Obama and Jill Biden hosted the " Kids ' Inaugural: We Are the	the	DET	Future	PROPN	 Future
Fire control directors for the anti aircraft guns were also installed. After emerging from this refit, Königsberg was employed as a gunnery training ship. During the Spanish Civil War in the late 1930s, the ship participated in non intervention patrols, during which she forced Republicans	Republicans	PROPN	to	PART	 to
In 2012, Atlanta's first " bike track " was constructed on 10th Street in Midtown. The two lane bike track runs from Monroe Drive west to Charles Allen Drive, with connections to the Beltline and Piedmont Park. Starting in June 2016, Atlanta received a	a	DET	bike	NOUN	 bike
Romney then announced that he would not support Trump in the general election, saying, " I am dismayed at where we are now, I wish we had better choices ". Romney has received a number of honorary doctorates, including in business from the University of	of	ADP	Utah	PROPN	 Utah
He kept saying I was getting too fancy. He kept saying, ' You're a big back, a fast back, and you ought to be running over people -- not trying to dance around them. ' " While at Michigan, Woolfolk was also the	the	DET	1980	NUM	 1980
It is also available for Nintendo 3DS, Wii and Wii U as part of Angry Birds Trilogy. A motion controlled version of the game has also been released as a Samsung Smart TV App. Total levels: 602 (555 levels in original mode, 15 Egg	Egg	PROPN	Defender	PROPN	 Defender
In 1946, Lloyd became a senior executive of the Argus & Australasian newspaper, before unsuccessfully seeking Liberal Party pre selection for a seat in Federal parliament the same year. In 1948, he was appointed as a member of the government committee that reported on the administration	administration	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
The player can execute three speed boosts in a row during a power slide, with the third speed boost being more powerful than the previous two. If the player waits too long into the power slide for a boost, the kart back fires and the chance for	for	ADP	a	DET	 a
Players have the option to create their own weaponry using various scavenged items found in the wasteland. These items can only be created at workbenches, and only if the player possesses the necessary schematics or Perk. These weapons usually possess significant advantages over other weapons of their	their	PRON	type	NOUN	 type
The commander's capacity for analysis and critical assessment of the situation were possibly limited as a result of the effects of the benzodiazepine drug Phenazepam found in his muscle tissue. After the change to standard instrument departure SID ZUE 1Y the crew set inappropriate priorities for their tasks	tasks	NOUN	and	CCONJ	 and
They hired Cosby writer Matt Williams to write a script about factory workers and signed Barr to play Roseanne Conner. The show premiered on October 18, 1988 and was watched by 21.4 million households, making it the highest rated debut of that season. Barr became outraged	outraged	ADJ	when	SCONJ	 when
Some contemporaries speculated that Priestley's outspokenness had hurt Shelburne's political career. Schofield argues that the most likely reason was Shelburne's recent marriage to Louisa Fitzpatrick — apparently, she did not like the Priestleys. Although Priestley considered moving to America, he eventually accepted Birmingham	Birmingham	PROPN	New	PROPN	 New
However, on 17 July 2014 they revealed they would not be making their début at the 2014 Contest. Denmark – Danish national broadcaster DR and commercial broadcaster TV 2 said that they had no plans to return to Junior Eurovision. Finland – A representative from the Swedish	Swedish	ADJ	language	NOUN	 language
When Joan lost interest in chess and Regina did not have time to play, it left Fischer to play many of his first games against himself. When the family vacationed at Patchogue, Long Island that summer, Bobby found a book of old chess games and studied	studied	VERB	it	PRON	 it
It also denotes the location of Miri town near to the sea and coral reefs and the city status as a resort paradise. Miri was elevated to city status on 20 May 2005 and became Malaysia's tenth city. Miri is also the first town in Malaysia which	which	PRON	is	AUX	 is
Thomas appears to have studied under Simon, John and Honorius at Oxford. One of the cases that Simon pleaded for the archbishop was Walter's case against Gerald of Wales, who had been elected to the Bishopric of St David's in Wales. Walter opposed Gerald	Gerald	PROPN	's	PART	's
He collated the first written account of the volcano and observed many of its features, establishing the premise for future explorations of the volcano. One of the earliest and most important surveyors of Kīlauea was James Dwight Dana, who, staying with the missionary Titus Coan,	,	PUNCT	studied	VERB	 studied
For a time period in the 1980s, M 91 was even a discontinuous highway when a section in the middle was transferred to county control before the southernmost section was transferred. M 91 starts at an intersection with M 44 west of Belding in Otisco Township. The	The	DET	road	NOUN	 road
Despite these attempts, Longacre remained in his position. Also in 1850, Longacre's wife Elizabeth (generally Eliza) died. The Mint officials clashed again in 1851, after Congress authorized a silver three cent piece. Longacre prepared a design showing a star on one	one	NUM	side	NOUN	 side
This made room for the addition of five through platform faces, while the removal of the narrow island platforms in the middle of the train shed allowed the main Up and Down platforms to be both widened and lengthened. All the routes approaching Temple Meads were widened to	to	ADP	four	NUM	 four
The film was produced by B. Nagi Reddy and Aluri Chakrapani under the banner Vijaya Vauhini Studios. It was co written by Kamalakara Kameswara Rao and features N. T. Rama Rao, S. V. Ranga Rao and K. Malathi in the lead roles. Pathala Bhairavi is based on	on	ADP	Kasi	PROPN	 Kasi
The feature shows the outlines of rooms, locations of important rooms, and dots for special items. Shortly before the game's release, the Entertainment Software Rating Board, a self regulating organization, was formed in response to the increasing violence found in games such as	as	ADP	1992	NUM	 1992
Rescuers also had to bind themselves together to rescue some people stranded in a flooded trailer park. Flooding in the city forced police to barricade 50 major highway intersections. Along the shore of Cross Lake, about 80 homes were damaged by water intrusion. About 381 homes	homes	NOUN	and	CCONJ	 and
The new stock was considered to be a trial; if it met performance expectations, future orders could be made to replace the T1000 stock, after the latter reached the end of its economical life in about 2000. The required specification for the new train was published	published	VERB	in	ADP	 in
This became an issue when Hitler decided to mark the 10th anniversary of that event and tasked his private secretary and head of the Nazi Party Chancellery, Reichsleiter Martin Bormann, to determine who should be issued one of a strictly limited number of Golden Party Badges to mark	mark	VERB	the	DET	 the
Bowers states that most of the credits are fragmentary for 1910 Thanhouser productions. A surviving film still leaves open the possibility of identifying two characters. The one reel drama, approximately 960 feet long, was released on August 23, 1910. The film had a wide	wide	ADJ	national	ADJ	 national
In 1921 she was scuttled in shallow water off the coast of Pensacola, Florida and then used as a target for experimental artillery. The ship was never scrapped and in 1956 it was declared the property of the state of Florida. Since 1993 the wreck has been	been	AUX	a	DET	 a
The freeway travels northwest through Gig Harbor past interchanges with Olympic Drive and Wollochet Drive near Gig Harbor High School before it reaches Henderson Bay. SR 16 continues through an interchange with Burnham Drive and past the Washington Corrections Center for Women and St. Anthony Hospital towards Purdy,	,	PUNCT	intersecting	VERB	 intersecting
One compact disc copy of the EP was included with every purchase of a 50 ml bottle of Heat. The album also contains remixes of songs Beyoncé previously recorded; Karmatronic remixed " At Last " and " Satellites ", Catalyst remixed " Broken Hearted Girl ",	,	PUNCT	Lost	PROPN	 Lost
30 Rock entered a hiatus due to the 2007 – 2008 Writers Guild of America strike on January 10, 2008. The episode that aired on that date was viewed by 5.98 million viewers. The second season finale, " Cooter ", which aired on May 8	8	NUM	,	PUNCT	,
Sphecius grandis has very similar nesting and feeding habits to other members of its genus, most notably Sphecius speciosus. As with S. speciosus, the female hunts for cicadas in low tree trunks, helped by the calls of the cicada males, and paralyses the insect by	by	ADP	piercing	VERB	 piercing
Chris formed from a strong tropical wave that moved off the west coast of Africa on August 15. By August 21 convection in the northern part of the wave detached and organized into Tropical Depression Seven. The storm tracked westward along the southern periphery of a subtropical high	high	ADJ	pressure	NOUN	 pressure
Numerous vessels in its vicinity reported hurricane force winds; the S.S. Borinquen observed a minimum peripheral pressure of 988 mbar (hPa; 29.18 inHg), the lowest observed pressure associated with the hurricane. At the time, the storm had maximum sustained winds of 100 mph	mph	NOUN	(	PUNCT	 (
Incidentally, Poe did not return the money to Graham and instead offered to make it up to him with reviews he would write. Poe won the grand prize; in addition to winning $100, the story was published in two installments on June 21 and June	June	PROPN	28	NUM	 28
Critic Edgar Allan Poe expressed his opinions on the community in an article titled " Brook Farm " in the December 13, 1845, issue of the Broadway Journal. He wrote that he had " sincere respect " for the group and that its journal, The Harbinger	Harbinger	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
High rainfall totals wrecked houses on hillsides, forcing about 150 people to evacuate to shelters. Roadways were washed out or covered by landslides, and 10 bridges were destroyed or severely damaged. This limited access to villages across the island. Landslides also affected the town of	of	ADP	Pont	PROPN	 Pont
Dyce became head of the School of Design in Edinburgh, and was then invited to London, to head the newly established Government School of Design, later to become the Royal College of Art, where his ideas formed the basis of the system of training and he	he	PRON	was	AUX	 was
The endangered Torrey pine has the bulk of its population in San Diego in a stretch of protected chaparral along the coast. The steep and varied topography and proximity to the ocean create a number of different habitats within the city limits, including tidal marsh and canyons.	.	PUNCT	The	DET	 The
On the week dated February 19, 2000, the song reached number one on the US Billboard Hot 100 chart, becoming Carey's fifteenth number one single and marked the eleventh consecutive year with a number one song. It became the second single to surpass the sales	sales	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
Mussolini's body and that of his mistress, Clara Petacci, had been strung up by their heels. The bodies were later cut down and thrown in the gutter, where vengeful Italians reviled them. It is probable that these events strengthened Hitler's resolve not to	to	PART	allow	VERB	 allow
Observing that the ARU was defenseless, AFL officials viewed the plight of the rival organization as an opportunity to bolster the railway brotherhoods, which the AFL was courting, and instructed all AFL affiliates to withhold help. In spite of what Haywood perceived as " treachery "	"	PUNCT	and	CCONJ	 and
His alcoholism worsened, and he may have compounded it with a liberal use of opiates and narcotics, which were widely available. In 1866, Fred encountered two young farmers in Connecticut who had spent time on duty as Union soldiers in Florida during the war. He	He	PRON	learned	VERB	 learned
Nescopeck Creek's watershed contains several major rock formations. These are the Mauch Chunk Formation, the Llewellyn Formation, the Pocono Formation, and the Pottsville Formation. The Mauch Chunk Formation is associated with large amounts of high quality groundwater. This formation consists of a 3,000	3,000	NUM	foot	NOUN	 foot
It was also shown that it is possible to prove that 1093 is a Wieferich prime without using complex numbers contrary to the method used by Meissner, although Meissner himself hinted at that he was aware of a proof without complex values. The prime 3511 was first found	found	VERB	to	PART	 to
Social issues provoked greater disagreement. Kearney's Western faction gained a victory when the platform was made to include a call for an end to Chinese immigration. They also turned, at last, to the issue of suffrage. They eventually agreed on a vague statement in	in	ADP	the	DET	 the
Yet some of his final works reflect his deepening concerns. Writing in July 1890, from Auvers, Van Gogh said that he had become absorbed " in the immense plain against the hills, boundless as the sea, delicate yellow. " He was captivated by the	the	DET	fields	NOUN	 fields
Olivier later recounted that he thought " she would most certainly do excellent well for a wife... I wasn't likely to do any better at my age and with my undistinguished track record, so I promptly fell in love with her. " In 1928 Olivier created	created	VERB	the	DET	 the
" For the title sequences, Marvel again went with design firm Sarofsky, who had done the credits for both Captain America: The Winter Soldier and Guardians of the Galaxy, with the credits " intricately connected to the film's overall narrative. " Visual effects for	for	ADP	the	DET	 the
Seven minutes later, West Ham extended their lead, when Liverpool goalkeeper Pepe Reina fumbled a shot from Etherington into the path of Ashton, who squeezed the rebound under Reina into the far corner to make it 2 – 0. Liverpool looked to have reduced the defect	defect	NOUN	in	ADP	 in
Congress approved $82 M to begin the Apache B upgrade. The B program was canceled in 1992. The radio, navigation, and GPS modifications, were later installed on most A model Apaches through other upgrades. Additional funding from Congress in late 1991 resulted in	in	ADP	a	DET	 a
The Frighteners ended up being a box office disappointment, mostly due to competition from Independence Day; in interviews conducted years after The Frighteners ' release, Jackson commented he was disappointed by Universal's ubiquitous marketing campaign, including a poster which " didn't tell you anything	anything	PRON	about	ADP	 about
It is known there by the common names of Devil's rope cactus or Devil's rope pear. It is a declared noxious weed in New South Wales and also occurs in Queensland, Victoria and South Australia. The above ground part consists of much branched cylindrical stems	stems	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
English singer Amelia Lily performed the song in her set on the Girls Aloud Ten: The Hits Tour in 2013 and during her summer gigs. The song was covered by English band Peace for the Live Lounge in March 2013, including a homage to The Police's	's	PART	"	PUNCT	 "
1288 / 1323 – 1332) was a 14th century Bulgarian military leader of Russian origin who served Bulgarian tsars Michael Shishman and Ivan Alexander. Prior to joining the armed forces of the Second Bulgarian Empire, Ivan the Russian may have been a military commander in the service	service	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
The Rhodesians in the 1st Cheshires moved with that regiment to Malta the same month. The Rhodesian Signallers were withdrawn to Cairo to form a section handling high speed communications between Middle East Command and General Headquarters in England. The 2nd Black Watch, with its Rhodesian contingent	contingent	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
In " Point of No Return, " Castiel helps Sam to keep Dean from becoming Michael's vessel. He leaves after hearing a signal from the angels, and finds a resurrected Adam Milligan – Sam and Dean's half brother who had been previously killed by ghouls	ghouls	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
He was the county's top run scorer in 1877, accumulating 285 runs at an average of 25.90, and he was also one of their principle bowlers, collecting 21 wickets during the season. He remained near the top of the batting charts for the club the	the	DET	following	ADJ	 following
From 1999, the company was transformed to a virtual airline, which wet leased aircraft from Golden Air. The company ceased operations in 2004. In April 1988, Norwegian regional airline Norving terminated all scheduled services in Southern Norway. As a consequence, airports such as	as	ADP	Skien	PROPN	 Skien
As Jim (John Krasinski) notes, everyone showed up, worked for the day with reasonable breaks, and were highly productive. Once appointed, Dwight establishes a strict management style in stark contrast to their previously relaxed style, from making the employees say the Pledge	Pledge	PROPN	of	ADP	 of
His official biographer, Anthony Sampson, commented that he was a " master of imagery and performance ", excelling at presenting himself well in press photographs and producing sound bites. His public speeches were presented in a formal, stiff manner, and often consisted of clichéd	clichéd	PROPN	set	VERB	 set
In spite of this he continued his attack and dropped his bombs at low level on buildings, ammunition dumps and fuel stores, returning for a second pass at the target in order to strafe it with machine gun fire. Newton managed to get his crippled machine back	back	ADV	to	ADP	 to
She served with Nazi Germany's Kriegsmarine during World War II. The ship was laid down in April 1936, launched in August 1938, and entered service after the outbreak of war, in August 1940. She was named after Prince Eugene of Savoy, an 18th	18th	ADJ	century	NOUN	 century
" The review graded The Projected Man with two stars out of four. The anonymous reviewer for the British Kinematograph Weekly called the cast " competent " and noted that, while the " plot [was] at least as old as H. G. Wells ", there	there	PRON	was	VERB	 was
A combined theory based on multiple deficits may prove to be more useful. Diagnosis is based on behavior, not cause or mechanism. Under the DSM 5, autism is characterized by persistent deficits in social communication and interaction across multiple contexts, as well as restricted,	,	PUNCT	repetitive	ADJ	 repetitive
Bupropion is metabolized to threo hydrobupropion via cortisone reductase. The metabolic pathway responsible for the creation of erythro hydrobupropion remains elusive. The metabolism of bupropion is highly variable: the effective doses of bupropion received by persons who ingest the same amount of the drug may differ by	by	ADP	as	ADV	 as
Imogen's SPGS years were generally happy and successful. In July 1923 she won the junior Alice Lupton piano prize, but her chances of distinction as a pianist were marred when she began to develop phlebitis in her left arm. Among other activities she became interested in	in	ADP	folk	NOUN	 folk
Similarly Foakes sees the aftermath of one World War and the threat of a second as key elements for the successful revival of Shakespeare's Troilus in two productions in the first half of the 20th century, and one of the authors discussed below names Barbara Tuchman's The	The	DET	March	PROPN	 March
After ten performances at the Metropolitan Opera House the production was taken in May to Washington, D.C., and toured in the US before returning to New York in June for several outdoors performances. From the mid 1980s onwards, performances of Rinaldo became more frequent worldwide.	.	PUNCT	In	ADP	 In
Even though Skanderbeg himself had died in January 1468, the war would drag on until 1478 and later in the same year the main Albanian fortress at Krujë fell, finally effecting the annexation of Skanderbeg's Albania by the Ottoman Empire. Skanderbeg, the ruler of Albania	Albania	PROPN	(	PUNCT	 (
When World War II began, Bruno Heinemann was initially deployed in the Baltic to operate against the Polish Navy and to enforce a blockade of Poland, but she was soon transferred to the German Bight where she joined her sisters in laying defensive minefields. She also patrolled	patrolled	VERB	the	DET	 the
In November 2011 the company made Galveston home port to its 3,960 passenger mega ships Carnival Magic and Carnival Triumph, as well. Carnival Magic sails a seven day Caribbean cruise from Galveston, and it is the largest cruise ship based at the Port year round. Galveston	Galveston	PROPN	is	AUX	 is
" Chika Ideal " and " Rociarlos " failed to attain chart success, although the former reached the top ten of Terra Networks ' music video countdown. " Dile " peaked at number eight on the Billboard Tropical Songs chart, earning Queen three Billboard Latin Music Award	Award	PROPN	nominations	NOUN	 nominations
Realizing that humans need a moral code by which to live, he greatly admired Christ's Sermon on the Mount, and there are a string of references to it across his works. In Palm Sunday, he writes, " The Sermon on the Mount suggests a	a	DET	mercifulness	NOUN	 mercifulness
They married on 6 July 1893 at the Chapel Royal in St James's Palace, London. Throughout their lives, they remained devoted to each other. George was, on his own admission, unable to express his feelings easily in speech, but they often exchanged	exchanged	VERB	loving	VERB	 loving
While not campaigning, he was also instrumental in ensuring that the ongoing political support for the war. In 1580 he was hit by another personal tragedy, as his wife died in labor, together with their child; entering a short period of depression. Later that	that	DET	year	NOUN	 year
" Dinner Party " received largely positive reviews from critics, with many hailing it as one of the series ' best entries. The episode received 4.8 Nielsen rating and was watched by 9.2 million viewers. The office workers are stuck working overtime on a major assignment.	.	PUNCT	After	ADP	 After
Pure fun. " Despite not being released as a single, " Mmm Papi " did manage to peak at number ninety four on Billboard Pop 100, on the week of December 10, 2008, due to moderate airplay on mainstream top 40 radio stations, singles	singles	VERB	sales	NOUN	 sales
Warhol, a commercial illustrator who became a successful author, publisher, painter, and film director, showed the work on July 9, 1962, in his first one man gallery exhibition as a fine artist in the Ferus Gallery of Los Angeles, California. The	The	DET	exhibition	NOUN	 exhibition
The budget of David Cronenberg's Crash (1996), $10 million, was not comfortably A grade, but it was hardly B level either. The film's imagery was another matter: " On its scandalizing surface, David Cronenberg's Crash suggests exploitation at	at	ADP	its	PRON	 its
Bearing load is 5050 / 5500 tonnes. Average efficiency is over 94%, and reaches 96.5%. The generators are manufactured by two joint ventures. One of them includes Alstom, ABB Group, Kvaerner, and the Chinese company Haerbin Motor. The other includes	includes	VERB	Voith	PROPN	 Voith
The album sold 16,000 copies the day of its release. Square Enix released selections from the soundtrack on two gramophone record albums in 2010: W / F: Music from Final Fantasy XIII and W / F: Music from Final Fantasy XIII Gentle Reveries. An album	album	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
At 332.9 metres (1,092 ft), it is the second tallest structure in Japan. The structure is an Eiffel Tower inspired lattice tower that is painted white and international orange to comply with air safety regulations. Built in 1958, the tower's main sources of	of	ADP	revenue	NOUN	 revenue
Shortly after winning an increased majority in the 2008 election, Stelmach's cabinet approved substantial raises for themselves, increasing the salary paid to cabinet ministers from $142,000 to $184,000 and that paid to the Premier from $159,450 to $213,450. The increases also affect	affect	VERB	the	DET	 the
During a five game span he stopped 154 of 158 shots, a.975 save percentage. With their sixth straight road win on December 27 against Wilkes Barre / Scranton, Hershey saw a streak of 21 straight successful penalty kills end with a power play goal by the Penguins	Penguins	PROPN	'	PART	 '
The Walls of Ston are originally a series of defensive stone walls of more than 7 kilometres (4.3 mi) long. Despite its small size, the well protected Republic of Ragusa decided to use Pelješac to build another line of defense. At Pelješac's narrowest point	point	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
Although she did not make it to the United States, her pets safely reached the shores of Wiscasset, Maine, where they bred with other short haired breeds and developed into the modern breed of the Maine Coon. Another folk tale involves Captain Charles Coon, an	an	DET	English	ADJ	 English
The lower than expected passenger numbers were partly due to competition between the tube and sub surface railway companies, but the introduction of electric trams and motor buses, replacing slower, horse drawn road transport, took a large number of passengers away from the trains. The	The	DET	problem	NOUN	 problem
Mewt comes across a dusty old tome in a local used bookstore and eagerly wishes to show it to his friends. Unaware that the book is the legendary Gran Grimoire, Mewt brings the book over to Marche's house along with Ritz. The old book is written	written	VERB	in	ADP	 in
" Sir Basil Thomson of Scotland Yard commented that " there was some difference of opinion as to whether it was sound policy to execute spies and to begin with a patriotic spy like Lody. " According to Robert Jackson, the biographer of Lody's prosecutor Sir Archibald	Archibald	PROPN	Bodkin	PROPN	 Bodkin
Negative value is incurred on a card if it is used with insufficient funds — both types of cards may carry a maximum negative value of HK $35 before value needs to be added to them again for use. At the time, the maximum cost of a	a	DET	trip	NOUN	 trip
Meanwhile, Joel recovers from his wounds and sets out to find Ellie. He reaches Ellie as she kills David; Joel consoles her before they flee. In the spring, Joel and Ellie arrive in Salt Lake City and are captured by a Firefly patrol. In	In	ADP	the	DET	 the
The party are temporarily stopped when Ouroboros begins consuming worlds to regain strength, but versions of them in other worlds break the links formed by Ouroboros, giving the party a chance to destroy him. Before the path between worlds closes, they return to their own world	world	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
In addition, the show's second season has generally received positive reviews from television critics. Dana Scully (Gillian Anderson) is reassigned to teach at the FBI Academy while Fox Mulder (David Duchovny) is given lowly surveillance assignments. After he investigates extraterrestrial cases at	at	ADP	the	DET	 the
Hat trusses (or " outrigger truss ") located from the 107th floor to the top of the buildings were designed to support a tall communication antenna on top of each building. Only 1 WTC (north tower) actually had an antenna fitted, which was added	added	VERB	in	ADP	 in
Among the greatest of the Victorian art architects, he sought in his work to escape from both nineteenth century industrialisation and the Neoclassical architectural style and re establish the architectural and social values of a utopian medieval England. Burges stands within the tradition of the Gothic Revival,	,	PUNCT	his	PRON	 his
While at Lewis Research Center, Lunney met Marilyn Kurtz, who worked there as a nurse. They have been married since 1960 and have four children: Jennifer, Glynn, Jr. (Distinguished Professor of Law at Tulane University), Shawn, and Bryan. Their	Their	PRON	youngest	ADJ	 youngest
Built on a 808 retro beat, multi tracked harmonies, and a smooth groove, the song's instrumentation includes slow bouncing synthesizers, keyboard tones, and drums. Lyrically, " Party " gives ode to political themes such as feminism and sexual empowerment. In his	his	PRON	rap	NOUN	 rap
Dr A.B. Xuma was a medical doctor who had trained in the United States and the United Kingdom. He was a local celebrity, President of the African National Congress and Chairperson of the Western Areas Anti Expropriation and Proper Housing Committee. His house was a landmark in	in	ADP	Sophiatown	PROPN	 Sophiatown
Preparation for filming began on April 7, 2010 in Northwest Indiana, specifically around Gary, which portrayed Ukraine in the film. Principal photography commenced on May 18, 2010, with shooting locations including Chicago, Florida, and Moscow. The first six weeks were spent	spent	VERB	in	ADP	 in
Lenin declared that the mutineers had been misled by the Socialist Revolutionaries and foreign imperialists, calling for violent reprisals. Under Trotsky's leadership, the Red Army put down the rebellion on 17 March, with thousands dead and many survivors sent to labour camps. In February	February	PROPN	1921	NUM	 1921
Pennsylvanian hit the stern of the ferry and caused damage to the ferry's superstructure and destroyed about 15 feet (4.6 m) of the ferry's railing. No one on either ship was injured. Other hints of Pennsylvanian's activities throughout the rest of her career	career	NOUN	can	AUX	 can
In 1873, Prince Edward Island joined the Canadian Confederation. One of the terms of the Island joining the Confederation was the sale of the estates of land to their occupiers. The agreement to join the Confederation contained a clause outlining the possibility that the federal government of	of	ADP	Canada	PROPN	 Canada
The 2004 – 5 tour of Zimbabwe caused several players to voice their concerns about the Robert Mugabe regime, the security issues in the country, and the standard of the Zimbabwean side. Steve Harmison was the first to boycott the tour for " political and sporting reasons	reasons	NOUN	"	PUNCT	 "
News reached Aristagoras of the treatment of his friend and he went to Megabates and asked him to reconsider his decision. When Megabates refused to grant Aristagoras's wishes, Aristagoras simply cut the captain loose himself. Predictably, Megabates was furious with Aristagoras, who in turn	turn	NOUN	retorted	VERB	 retorted
Other sympatric crakes are smaller with white markings on the upperparts, different underparts patterns and a shorter bill. The African rail has dark brown upperparts, a long red bill and red legs and feet. Like other rails, this species has a wide range of vocalisations	vocalisations	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
Asperger called the condition " autistic psychopathy " and described it as primarily marked by social isolation. Fifty years later, several standardizations of AS as a diagnosis were tentatively proposed, many of which diverge significantly from Asperger's original work. Unlike today's AS, autistic	autistic	ADJ	psychopathy	NOUN	 psychopathy
The Jeremiah O'Brien took part as did the U.S. Navy submarine Pampanito. Phoenix is normally operated with a crew of one vessel command Fireboat officer, one engineer who operates the pumps and engines, one pilot who steers / navigates the boat, one fire Engine company officer	officer	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
His time with the Phillies was marked by inconsistency. He won 22 games in 1916, but also led the league in losses twice. In 1915, the Phillies played in the World Series, and Rixey lost in his only appearance. After being traded to the	the	DET	Reds	PROPN	 Reds
Wheat prices fluctuated heavily year to year, depending on local harvests; up to a third of the grain produced in England was potentially for sale, and much of it ended up in the growing towns. Despite their involvement in the market, even the wealthiest peasants	peasants	NOUN	prioritised	VERB	 prioritised
While some claim that Hồ Chí Minh Thought is used as a veil for the Party leadership since they, according to this version, have stopped believing in communism, however this is false when considering that Hồ Chí Minh was an avid supporter of Vladimir Lenin and the	the	DET	dictatorship	NOUN	 dictatorship
The herd thrived on Llandudno's Great Orme; by 2001 they reached a population of 250, and were in danger of running out of food. Following complaints about goats wandering into people's gardens, the council rejected proposals for a cull, deciding to use a	a	DET	combination	NOUN	 combination
In 1686, the former governor of New York, Sir Edmund Andros, was appointed as dominion governor. The dominion was composed of the territories of the Massachusetts Bay, Plymouth, Connecticut, New Hampshire, and Rhode Island colonies. In 1688, its jurisdiction was	was	AUX	expanded	VERB	 expanded
The performance earned Hawke a Lucille Lortel Award nomination for Outstanding Lead Actor. From November 2006 to May 2007, Hawke starred as Mikhail Bakunin in Tom Stoppard's trilogy play The Coast of Utopia, an eight hour long production at the Lincoln Center Theater in New York	York	PROPN	.	PUNCT	.
His father abandoned their family in 1810, and his mother died a year later from consumption (pulmonary tuberculosis). Poe was then taken into the home of John Allan, a successful Scottish merchant in Richmond, Virginia who dealt in a variety of goods, including	including	VERB	tobacco	NOUN	 tobacco
For instance, Catostomidae are the primary dietary component of river otters in Colorado's Upper Colorado River Basin. Likewise, the common carp (Cyprinus carpio) is a preferred fish species for the otter in other regions of Colorado. Fish species frequently found in the diets	diets	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
The Bayshore Freeway ends at the intersection of US 101 and Interstate 80, which, although signed as Interstate 80, is not officially Interstate 80 until the San Francisco Oakland Bay Bridge. The freeway that goes from US 101 to the Bay Bridge that is signed as	as	ADP	I	PRON	 I
Some crunching of thoughts that tended to overlap and repeat would be welcome in the next two books. " However, Sengupta was most impressed by the author's crafting of Shiva as a " rough hewn, hot headed, a great dancer, smitten by Sati...	...	PUNCT	Shiva	PROPN	 Shiva
An ebony surround was added to the inner frames for protection in the 1840s. There has been extensive repair work on the paint forming Mary's dress, with large areas of her gown repaired in 1844 by painter Eduard Bendemann. The badly damaged coats of arms have	have	AUX	been	AUX	 been
In the same year he tried to free Confederate prisoners of war by recruiting former members of Morgan's Raiders who had escaped to Canada, including John Hunt Morgan's telegrapher George " Lightning " Ellsworth, who was a native of Canada. On his last day in	in	ADP	Chicago	PROPN	 Chicago
His private doctor attended to Jackson in Istanbul. According to organisers Jackson's " vocal cords were irritated ". These concerts were supposed to be the last three shows of the tour's European leg. Jackson was seen by a throat specialist in London, and was	was	AUX	advised	VERB	 advised
He had to finance publication himself: sales of works on history had been moribund for some time and his name was not particularly familiar either at home or abroad. Original copies are now scarce, but they have been reprinted in many editions. The version published in	in	ADP	1920	NUM	 1920
In the East, the much hoped for bounties of Lebensraum were never attained as fluctuating front lines and Soviet scorched earth policies denied resources to the German invaders. Unlike in the West, the Nazi racial policy encouraged excessive brutality against what it considered to be the "	"	PUNCT	inferior	ADJ	 inferior
Any hopes of an heir were dashed when Ferdinando contracted, in 1696, syphilis during the Carnival of Venice, a disease to which he succumbed seventeen years later. The Grand Princess, meanwhile, fell victim to a state of melancholy, which did not escape the	the	DET	notice	NOUN	 notice
He continued, saying that his initial reaction was that he thought he would only be required to produce a couple of songs, however Polydor insisted that he produce the album in its entirety and that they thought only he understood what they wanted. The album was recorded	recorded	VERB	from	ADP	 from
In the late 1960s, UN geologists also discovered major uranium deposits and other rare mineral reserves in Somalia. The find was the largest of its kind, with industry experts estimating the deposits at over 25% of the world's then known uranium reserves of 800,000 tons	tons	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
Unlike folk metal bands drawing from other mythologies, bands using Norse mythology as text have no musical historical examples to augment their illusion. This has led to the creation of an ahistorical ' Viking music ' that is used in tandem with the metal style to conjure up	up	ADP	appropriate	ADJ	 appropriate
The new motorway will help reduce congestion, boost trade, and reduce travel times and transportation costs from Faisalabad, a major textile hub to the major trade centre of Multan. One section of the M4 was inaugurated on 16 March 2015 which links Faisalabad to Gojra.	.	PUNCT	The	DET	 The
The church had no priest or minister, and the traditional Biblical sermon was replaced by scientific lectures or homilies on the teachings of philosophers. It celebrated four festivals honoring St. Vincent de Paul, George Washington, Socrates, and Rousseau. Samuel Adams articulated the goals of	of	ADP	this	DET	 this
By noon, Washington's force had moved across the Delaware back into Pennsylvania, taking their prisoners and captured supplies with them. This battle gave the Continental Congress a new confidence, as it proved colonial forces could defeat regulars. It also increased re enlistments in the	the	DET	Continental	PROPN	 Continental
It is also more decorated, though its ornamentations are already found in earlier manuscripts. Codex Alexandrinus was written a generation after codices Sinaiticus and Vaticanus, but it may still belong to the fourth century. It can not be later than the beginning of the fifth.	.	PUNCT	Currently	ADV	 Currently
In summer 969, Sviatoslav left Rus ' again, dividing his dominion into three parts, each under a nominal rule of one of his sons. At the head of an army that included Pecheneg and Magyar auxiliary troops, he invaded Bulgaria again, devastating Thrace,	,	PUNCT	capturing	VERB	 capturing
It became a subtropical storm at 06: 00 UTC on October 10, though it was not named " Fay " until later that day, after initially being classified Subtropical Depression Seven. Its involvement with the upper level low and wide radius of maximum winds precluded designation	designation	NOUN	as	ADP	 as
According to J. E. Randall, the largest white shark reliably measured was a 6.0 m (19.7 ft) individual reported from Ledge Point, Western Australia in 1987. Another great white specimen of similar size has been verified by the Canadian Shark Research Center: A female	female	NOUN	caught	VERB	 caught
Peale had been instructed to learn " parting, " a newly developed method for separating gold and silver. This process, also dubbed refining, is necessary because nuggets that contain gold also contain some silver, and the latter metal must be removed before the gold can	can	AUX	be	AUX	 be
The Pine Creek Gorge is home to over 225 species of wildflowers, plants and trees, 40 species of mammals, 245 species of birds, and 26 species of fish. Common animals include deer, squirrels, bear, eagles, wild turkey, and ravens.	.	PUNCT	As	ADP	 As
Construction began in 1807, during a period of extensive redevelopment in the town, driven by the Market House Society and the Member of Parliament Sir Benjamin Hammet. Lined on the eastern side by a Georgian terrace, the street follows a shallow crescent shape, broken in	in	ADP	the	DET	 the
Kapa o Pango was to be performed on special occasions and was not intended to replace Ka Mate. Kapa o Pango concludes with what has been interpreted as a " throat slitting " gesture that led to accusations that Kapa o Pango encourages violence, and sends the wrong	wrong	ADJ	message	NOUN	 message
This event had repercussions at the end of the season, when the bowl was passed over by high ranked teams that elected to accept bids to bowls in the new Bowl Alliance. During the annual preseason poll of media members covering the Big East conference, Virginia Tech	Tech	PROPN	was	AUX	 was
As Shea remembered, " Seamans gave a copy of Houbolt's letter to Brainerd Holmes [the director of OMSF]. Holmes put the letter on my desk and said: Figure it out. " Shea became involved in the lunar orbit rendezvous decision as a result	result	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
It is one of the largest spoil heaps found anywhere in the ancient world, covering an area of 20,000 square metres (220,000 sq ft) at its base and with a volume of approximately 580,000 cubic metres (760,000 cu yd), containing the remains of an	an	DET	estimated	VERB	 estimated
Several actors featured in 24, such as Xander Berkeley, Glenn Morshower, Wendy Crewson, Timothy Carhart, Jürgen Prochnow, Tom Everett and Spencer Garrett also appeared in the film Air Force One. The 25th amendment, which deals with succession to the Presidency and establishes	establishes	VERB	procedures	NOUN	 procedures
Patrick Mulkern, writing for the Radio Times, gave the episode a positive review, describing it and its predecessor " The Time of Angels " as " two episodes of Who that deserve 10 out of 10 in anybody's scorebook ", although he felt that of	of	ADP	the	DET	 the
This concept presumably locks on to the unique external property of keeping. But, if this is true, then RETAIN must pick out a different property in RETAIN YOUR RECEIPT, since one can't retain one's clothes on or retain washing one's hands. Fodor	Fodor	PROPN	's	PART	's
Twenty six percent of Auburn High's enrollment is African American, ten percent is of Asian descent whose majority is Korean, fifty nine percent is of European descent. Three percent of students are classified as Hispanic. Over forty languages are spoken in the homes of Auburn	Auburn	PROPN	High	PROPN	 High
" Paul received 26,204 write in votes or 0.02% of the total cast in the election. Throughout his entire tenure in Congress, Paul has represented his district as a member of the Republican Party. However, he has frequently taken positions in direct opposition to the	the	DET	other	ADJ	 other
" A Library of Congress survey of 250 firehouses concluded that Station 23's interior was " unmatched in its beauty. " It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1980. Through the 1960s and 1970s, the station deteriorated. The surrounding neighborhood became	became	VERB	part	NOUN	 part
Early in the 20th century, Baltimore's most famous musical export was the duo of Eubie Blake and Noble Sissle, who found national fame in New York. Blake in particular became a ragtime legend, and innovator of the stride style. Later, Baltimore became home	home	ADV	to	ADP	 to
At the outbreak of World War I, 76 T was part of the 1st Torpedo Group of the 3rd Torpedo Craft Division of the Austro Hungarian 1st Torpedo Craft Flotilla. During World War I, 76 T was used for convoy, escort and minesweeping tasks, and	and	CCONJ	anti	ADJ	 anti
Manhattan offers a wide array of public and private housing options. There were 852,575 housing units in 2013 at an average density of 37,345 per square mile (14,419 / km²). As of 2003, only 20.3% of Manhattan residents lived in owner occupied housing,	,	PUNCT	the	DET	 the
If it is in absolute opposition to Islamic texts, custom is disregarded. However, if it is in opposition to analogical reason, custom is given preference. Jurists also tend to, with caution, give precedence to custom over doctoral opinions of highly esteemed scholars.	.	PUNCT	Shi	PROPN	 Shi
Despite his off court troubles, Johnson averaged 18.6 points, 9.6 rebounds, 9.5 assists, and a league high 2.7 steals per game, and was voted a member of the All NBA Second Team. He also joined Wilt Chamberlain and Oscar Robertson as the only NBA	NBA	PROPN	players	NOUN	 players
The 1874 Whipple truss bridge across the South Branch replaced an 1838 wooden covered bridge that had been chartered by the Virginia General Assembly during the construction of the Northwestern Turnpike. Before the construction of the covered bridge in 1838, a public ferry conveyed traffic across the river	river	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
The Giants allowed six sacks in their week seven 17 – 12 loss to the Seattle Seahawks. Seahawks defensive end Jacob Green outplayed offensive tackle Karl Nelson and recorded a career high four sacks. Phil Simms threw four interceptions but coach Bill Parcells denied he was struggling,	,	PUNCT	"	PUNCT	 "
The third variant, the White Pop edition, contains the remix album Mike E. Clark's Extra Pop Emporium, which features remixes, outtakes and leftover songs recorded during the Mighty Death Pop sessions; these tracks include appearances by Kottonmouth Kings, Three 6 Mafia, Color	Color	PROPN	Me	PROPN	 Me
It also assisted in formulating a conservation and breeding strategy for a strain of Colonial Spanish horses from Santa Cruz Island in California. This support helped the horses to become recognized and registrable with the Colonial Spanish registry. In December 1987, the Conservancy performed one of its	its	PRON	first	ADJ	 first
" Poquita Ropa offered a drastic change in which Arjona minimized the number of instruments. The result was a set of a capella performances. Arjona commented about this album that " music and women look better with little clothes. " Production was handled by Arjona and Dan	Dan	PROPN	Warner	PROPN	 Warner
He concluded that, " it's difficult to believe that so much was accomplished in such a short amount of time. The story of not one, but two relationships was told, several time lines intersected and a new and rather frightening enemy was vanquished without The	The	DET	Doctor	PROPN	 Doctor
" According to IGN, " Mortal Kombat II wore its notoriety as a badge of honor, boasting about it in promotional materials, and even parodying it in game. " The game was banned in Germany, where MKII was put in the index by the Federal	Federal	PROPN	Department	PROPN	 Department
During the North Koreans ' September 1 offensive, the US 25th Infantry Division's US 35th Infantry Regiment was heavily engaged in the Battle of Nam River north of Masan. On the 35th Regiment's right flank, just north of the confluence of the Nam River and	and	CCONJ	the	DET	 the
She described the structure for the comic as a daily drama, while Anderson thought of it as slice of life. Shout! Factory has secured North American distribution rights for programs broadcast by the Hub Network and Discovery Family, releasing several DVD sets for Littlest Pet Shop	Shop	PROPN	.	PUNCT	.
The case came close to causing the whole cabinet's fall in parliament, before it was agreed that it would be dropped. When Koht in 1938 attempted to establish a trade agreement with Franco, he was blocked by his own party and the Norwegian Confederation of Trade	Trade	PROPN	Unions	PROPN	 Unions
In May 1798, 9,188 of the 16,388 votes were in favor of calling a convention. Again, almost 5,000 of the ballots contained no vote either way. On November 21, 1798, the House of Representatives voted 36 – 15 in favor of a convention,	,	PUNCT	and	CCONJ	 and
She is shown gambling with (and winning against) soldiers in another bunker. As the second chorus starts, Rihanna, wearing a bullet bra and a helmet similar in appearance to the ears of Mickey Mouse, stands on a pink army tank. During Jeezy's	's	PART	rap	NOUN	 rap
He returned to the U.S. Marine Band as its head in 1880 and remained as its conductor until 1892. Sousa led " The President's Own " band under five presidents from Rutherford B. Hayes to Benjamin Harrison. Sousa's band played at two Inaugural Balls, those	those	PRON	of	ADP	 of
While Roman emperors almost always married wives who were also Roman citizens, the ruling families of the empire's client kingdoms in the Near East and North Africa often contracted marriages with other royal houses to consolidate their position. These marriages were often contracted with the approval,	,	PUNCT	or	CCONJ	 or
The source of this information was Miner Searle Bates, an American resident in Nanking who had used the burial records of the Red Swastika Society in his calculations. Between then and the late 1940s these two estimates were commonly cited by reporters and the media. For example	example	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
In this decade, over one million Jewish immigrants, mainly from Arab countries, but also including European Holocaust survivors, inundated the new state. They arrived when only basic foods were available and ethnic dishes had to be modified with a range of mock or simulated foods	foods	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
For instance, populations in southern Africa display territorial behaviour only during the few months of the rut, whereas in eastern African populations, territoriality is relatively minimal despite a protracted mating season. Moreover, territorial males often tolerate bachelors, and may even alternate between bachelorhood and	and	CCONJ	territoriality	NOUN	 territoriality
After the heartbreak, the protagonist asks him " Don't You Remember " all those things he had promised her, and the things they had spoken and dreamed about doing together. " Can't Let Go ", the album's second single, is a slow	slow	ADJ	ballad	NOUN	 ballad
If someone calls my bull a yarn bomb, I get really upset. Lots of people have aunts or grandmas who paint. Do you want to see that work in the galleries? No. The street is an extension of the gallery. Not everyone ’ s	s	PART	work	NOUN	 work
The United States Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia held that both rights (if they existed) were extinguished by the 1851 statute. Unlike the plaintiffs in Barker, who were Mission Indians, the plaintiffs here were nomadic at the time of the relevant times	times	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
" However, while smaller productions were booked throughout the tour's stateside leg, Carey performed at stadiums in Asia and Europe, performing for a crowd of over 35,000 in Manila, 50,000 in Malaysia, and to over 70,000 people in China. In the United Kingdom	Kingdom	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
In the past, Carre's has offered a range of clubs and societies, including ones for archaeology, aero building, bird watching, boxing, chess, cycling, drama, languages, geography, jazz and other music groups, a choir and orchestra, and	and	CCONJ	student	NOUN	 student
Although Bear insists on leaving, the others are concerned about infecting the outside world. When he is asked to provide a stool sample, he attacks Mulder and tries to flee. Something moves under Bear's skin, and he dies when Hodge removes a small worm	worm	NOUN	from	ADP	 from
In January 2009, Matthew Zeghibe, a 26 year old computer art student from Connecticut, used pitch correction software to make a clip that he claimed was the soundboard recording of " If I Were a Boy " from Beyoncé's Today show appearance in November 2008.	.	PUNCT	In	ADP	 In
A drawback of this practice is overdiagnosis of malaria and mismanagement of non malarial fever, which wastes limited resources, erodes confidence in the health care system, and contributes to drug resistance. Although polymerase chain reaction based tests have been developed, they are not widely used	used	VERB	in	ADP	 in
The force of the collision tipped the bus onto its right side and steered it down a steep embankment. The bus slid for 150 feet and came to rest against a fence, about 35 feet below the eastbound lanes of I 80. 7 passengers were killed and	and	CCONJ	more	ADJ	 more
During this period his parliamentary seat was occupied by Per Mellesmo. Meisdalshagen then returned to Parliament, this time as a member of the now defunct Standing Committee on Agriculture. He was elected for a fifth time in 1957. This time, he became a member of	of	ADP	the	DET	 the
Playhouse Square includes the State, Palace, Allen, Hanna, and Ohio theaters within what is known as the Cleveland Theater District. Playhouse Square's resident performing arts companies include Cleveland Play House, Cleveland State University Department of Theatre and Dance, and Great Lakes Theater	Theater	PROPN	Festival	PROPN	 Festival
Even though Charles was allowed to spearhead the reforms of the Austrian army, Francis kept the Hofkriegsrat (Aulic Council), a military advisory board, to oversee the activities of Charles as supreme commander. In 1806, Charles issued a new guide for army and unit	unit	NOUN	tactics	NOUN	 tactics
Over 100 species of birds inhabit or migrate through the area, including native songbirds such as the Canada warbler, Blackburnian, black throated blue, black throated green and chestnut sided warblers. Also found are hawks, owls, woodpeckers, kinglets, thrushes, vireos,	,	PUNCT	cuckoos	PROPN	 cuckoos
The film's directorial and producer roles have been both attributed to Allan Dwan, but other sources point to Wallace Reid as director. The film's fictional plot is centered on Jim Conway, who grew up wanting to avenge his father's death and headed West to	to	PART	seek	VERB	 seek
The secretions produced by these help keep the skin moist. In addition, most species of amphibian have granular glands that secrete distasteful or poisonous substances. Some amphibian toxins can be lethal to humans while others have little effect. The main poison producing glands, the paratoids	paratoids	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
Guest star Kimberly Patton had worked with Morgan and Wong on several occasions prior to this episode, appearing in " Blood ", an episode of The X Files they had written, as well as acting in Space: Above and Beyond, the pair's short lived	lived	VERB	science	NOUN	 science
As the chorus begins, the song incorporates a sample from Scottish rock band Nazareth's 1975 track " Hair of the Dog ", and the group starts singing, " Did you tell him? No no no / Give him kisses? No no no / Whisper	Whisper	NOUN	honey	NOUN	 honey
He said the reputation he developed with those commercials later helped him launch his film career. Also during this time, Pierce played a character named Mayor Chuckles on The Laffalot Club, a local Arkansas children's television show. Pierce launched his independent film career in the	the	DET	early	ADJ	 early
The referendum was later cited as a pretext for the Bosnian War. Bosnian Serbs set up barricades in the capital, Sarajevo, and elsewhere on 1 March, and the next day the first fatalities of the war were recorded in Sarajevo and Doboj. In the final	final	ADJ	days	NOUN	 days
Furthermore, the development of pathogenic antibodies may depend on the presence of other strains of bacteria in the bowel. The diagnosis of Guillain – Barré syndrome depends on findings such as rapid development of muscle paralysis, absent reflexes, absence of fever, and a likely cause	cause	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
In the total confusion during the attack on the airfield, a number of ZNDH crews managed to take off and escape at the last moment, some even starting their take off runs when barely clear of open hangar doors, using suppressing fire provided by their machine gun	gun	NOUN	turrets	NOUN	 turrets
Preedy was taken with the idea, not least because football was seen in the area as the " poor man's sport " and his involvement would therefore bring him into greater contact with the poor people he wished to help through his ministry. To this end he	he	PRON	formed	VERB	 formed
The UN counterattack at Inchon collapsed the North Korean line and forced them back on all fronts. On September 16, however, 25th Infantry Division was still fighting North Korean forces behind its lines, and North Korean strong points existed on the heights of Battle Mountain,	,	PUNCT	P	PROPN	 P
Mireille produced heavy rainfall on Okinawa, totaling 258 mm (10.14 in), which allowed water restrictions there to be lifted for the rest of the year. The precipitation fell in a short amount of time; 11 mm (0.43 in) dropped in just 10	10	NUM	minute	NOUN	 minute
These observations, combined with observations of Kepler 10's spectrum taken from the W.M. Keck Observatory, ruled out the possibility that a nearby star's light was corrupting the observed spectrum of Kepler 10 and creating the results that had led astronomers to believe that a second planet	planet	NOUN	existed	VERB	 existed
Both Warner Bros. and the Dahl Estate wanted Frank to stay on the project, but he faced scheduling conflicts and contractual obligations with Minority Report (2002) and The Lookout (2007). Rob Minkoff entered negotiations to take the director's position in October 2001,	,	PUNCT	and	CCONJ	 and
The decision was made to disband Layforce. In November 1942, No. 1 and No. 6 Commandos formed part of the spearhead for Allied landings in Algeria as part of Operation Torch. Tensions were high between the British and the Vichy French at this time because	because	SCONJ	of	ADP	 of
The battle had shown the potential of the Soviet armies to successfully conduct an offensive. This battle can be seen as one of the first major instances in which the Soviets attempted to preempt a German summer offensive. This later unfolded and grew as Stavka planned and conducted	conducted	VERB	Operation	PROPN	 Operation
Emina is voiced by Ali Hillis in English and Rie Tanaka in Japanese. Kazusa Futahito (カヅサ ・ フタヒト) is a minor supporting character. A schoolfriend of Kurasame and Emina, he is a scientific researcher at the Vermillion Peirstyrium. Multiple times, he uses Class	Class	PROPN	Zero	PROPN	 Zero
A personal letter from President Antanas Smetona to Chairman of Presidium of the Supreme Soviet Mikhail Kalinin repeated assurances that Lithuania always honored the mutual assistance pact. The third and final meeting between Merkys, Urbšys, and Molotov on June 11 brought no resolution. The Soviets continued	continued	VERB	to	PART	 to
She was often disgusted when she saw her son; rather than refer to him by name, she would call him " it ". Feeling overwhelmed and unable to make decisions, Howard also felt not only disconnected from her husband and baby, but herself as well	well	ADV	.	PUNCT	.
" Despite this vindication, Bernard resigned as governor in 1771. He was confirmed in the ownership of Mount Desert Island, a recognition he had been seeking since it was awarded to him in 1761. Although he had been promised a baronetcy and a pension of £	£	SYM	1,000	NUM	1,000
Due to political and economic factors, the bridge site was moved 3 miles (5 km) upstream (northward). The bridge, then partially complete, opened to traffic on February 2, 1957, at which time the ferry service between Kingston and Rhinecliff was	was	AUX	terminated	VERB	 terminated
On April 9, 2008, the ABC network aired an hour long Diane Sawyer feature on Pausch titled " The Last Lecture: A Love Story For Your Life ". On July 29, 2008, ABC aired a follow up to the Last Lecture special, remembering	remembering	VERB	Pausch	PROPN	 Pausch
Men either went naked or wore cloths covering their lower regions; women wore fine skirts woven from cotton, and some used a fine white cloth to cover their head and chest. The Manche Ch ' ol, based on their distinctive attire, in particular their turban	turban	ADJ	style	NOUN	 style
French brig Mouche and part of the cargo and materials from the wreck of the brig Uranie (September). Hotham remained off South Africa and in the Indian Ocean until being recalled to Britain. Adamant escorted a convoy in September 1801, arriving in Britain on 14	14	NUM	December	PROPN	 December
This gave rise to concerns about supply in the coming days and weeks. Shazly then discussed the possibility of constructing three bridges in the canal using earth and sand. This would make causeways impregnable against air strikes and artillery. The chief engineer of the Third Army,	,	PUNCT	with	ADP	 with
The pediments are decorated with the figure of Narayana riding on the back of a garuda, this figure symbolizes kingship and the king's association with the Hindu deity. According to legend Narayana descended from heaven in human form to help mankind by alleviating them from suffering.	.	PUNCT	Thus	ADV	 Thus
Hannibal avoided the coastal route, and took his army over the Alps. His march has been described by ancient historians Polybius and Livy. The exact route, however, has been subject of long but inconclusive scholarly discourse. In his 1955 book Alps and elephants:	:	PUNCT	Hannibal	PROPN	 Hannibal
Farwell LJ wrote that, " In all these cases one has to consider not so much the means to the end as the charitable end which is in view, and so long as the charitable end is well established the means are only machinery, and no alteration	alteration	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
Independiente's home stadium, La Doble Visera, became one of the most dreaded venues for visiting teams to play at. The first of these titles came in 1972 when Independiente came up against Universitario de Deportes of Peru in the finals. Universitario became the first team	team	NOUN	from	ADP	 from
The campaign was nominally headed by Caliph al Muktafi in person, who left Baghdad on 9 August and went to al Raqqah. In mid August, the Qarmatians under a certain al Mutawwaq surprised an Abbasid army some 10,000 strong near Aleppo, while it was resting and	and	CCONJ	dispersed	VERB	 dispersed
The tension in the ballpark was described by one writer as " a mouse working his way along the grandstand floor would have sounded like a shovel scraping over concrete. " In the ninth inning, Joss retired the first two batters then faced pinch hitter John Anderson.	.	PUNCT	Anderson	PROPN	 Anderson
Humberside Police received ratings of " good " or " fair " in most categories. HM Prison Hull is located in the city and is operated by HM Prison Service. It caters for up to 1,000 Category B / C adult male prisoners. Statutory emergency fire and	and	CCONJ	rescue	NOUN	 rescue
With the RoughRiders, he held opposing batters to a.202 batting average in 46 relief appearances, led the team with 14 saves (which tied for fifth most in the league), and had a 2.36 ERA. For the 2005 season, between the two teams he	he	PRON	had	VERB	 had
When the game went gold on 7 April 2010, the European release date was moved up a week. Therefore, the game was released in Europe first, on 14 May 2010, and then in North America on 18 May, as originally scheduled. On 23	23	NUM	November	PROPN	 November
He started an organisation called the Gekken Kaisha (撃剣会社, " Fencing Society "), which, inspired by the popularity of sumo wrestling, organised these contests. The first public kogyo organised by Sakakibara's group took place in April 1873, and lasted for over	over	ADP	a	PRON	 a
It was also the first time that a Northern Irish club had won both legs of a European tie in any competition. They followed this up in the next round by winning away from home again. Despite being massive underdogs for the tie, a 1 – 0	0	NUM	victory	NOUN	 victory
The side of the upper deck were cut away to improve the ability of the barbette guns to bear fore and aft. One 240 millimeter (9.4 in) gun was mounted in the forecastle as a chase gun. The ship's secondary armament consisted of six 138	138	NUM	millimeter	NOUN	 millimeter
" She later explained: " I wrote about Watership Down because I was angry and hurt when I read the book.... I felt he [Adams] had treated me and my kind with a contempt I couldn't be silent about. " Adams ' 1996 sequel	sequel	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
The Lavaca River as well as Garcitas Creek and Venado Creek supply the bay with freshwater from the north. Channels have been dredged to connect the bay to the Intracoastal Waterway, which runs to the south. On average, the bay is about 4 feet (1	1	NUM	m	NOUN	 m
After spending the first decade of her life at the Central Park Zoo, Pattycake moved permanently to the Bronx Zoo in 1982. She was the mother of ten baby gorillas, including twins born in 1995. Pattycake spent her later life as an independent but caring troop	troop	NOUN	matriarch	NOUN	 matriarch
This company had eight 3 inch mortars, four Vickers machine guns, and ten PIAT anti tank projectors. The brigade was supported by the 4th Airlanding Anti Tank Battery from the Royal Artillery. This battery had three troops, equipped with four Ordnance QF 6 pounders each	each	PRON	,	PUNCT	,
The ship was refitted as an escort destroyer from November to April 1943 and transferred to the Royal Canadian Navy that same month as HMCS Kootenay. The ship was assigned to convoy escort duties in the mid Atlantic for the rest of 1943 and early 1944. Kootenay was	was	AUX	transferred	VERB	 transferred
He also states that the Head of the Congregation of Monte Mariano Church at Farangipet, near Mangalore, provided the British garrison with 1,000 bags of rice. Severine Silva points out that the Christians of Canara were eager to get rid of Tipu. The History of the	the	DET	Diocese	PROPN	 Diocese
Amphibious fish such as the mudskipper can live and move about on land for up to several days, or live in stagnant or otherwise oxygen depleted water. Many such fish can breathe air via a variety of mechanisms. The skin of anguillid eels may absorb oxygen directly	directly	ADV	.	PUNCT	.
Samus escapes the collapsing crater and leaves Tallon IV in her ship. In a post credits scene, only viewable if the player has collected all of the items, Metroid Prime uses the Phazon Suit to reconstruct its body, becoming the entity known as Dark Samus —	—	PUNCT	one	NUM	 one
Its set consisted of an open plaza. The Muppet Garibaldo was " the centerpiece " of the Brazil co production and remained popular with viewers when the show was revived in 2007. Garibaldo's performer in the revival, Fernando Gomes, became a puppeteer because of the	the	DET	original	ADJ	 original
Tumors occurring in the bile ducts within the liver are referred to as intrahepatic, those occurring in the ducts outside the liver are extrahepatic, and tumors occurring at the site where the bile ducts exit the liver may be referred to as perihilar. A cholangiocarcinoma occurring at	at	ADP	the	DET	 the
During the arts commission meeting, Tom describes himself as a " small, slender man " similar to actor Taye Diggs. In a different scene, Tom expresses anger that Jerry's painting is " killing the Jay Z vibe " he has long been cultivating, a	a	DET	reference	NOUN	 reference
On the eve of World War II, however, American companies began manufacturing inexpensive, mass produced ornaments that made it possible for almost any American to have an extensive collection of Christmas ornaments for little cost within moments. With a few modifications, Corning Glass's light	light	ADJ	bulb	NOUN	 bulb
Nonetheless, during the final campaigns of the war he faced vociferous criticism of the Army's performance. He signed the Japanese Instrument of Surrender on behalf of Australia at Japan's ceremonial surrender in Tokyo Bay on 2 September 1945, and later personally accepted the Japanese surrender	surrender	NOUN	at	ADP	 at
" Restless " was listed at # 10 in The A.V. Club's list of " 21 TV episodes that do dream sequences right ", commenting, " This device allows for a lot of surreal images and moments of weird comedy " and that " there are also	also	ADV	some	DET	 some
Material rigidity of rocky planets and rocky cores of gas planets will cause further deviations from the aforementioned shapes. Thermal tides caused by unevenly irradiated surfaces are another factor. As of February 2014, more than fifty transiting and five directly imaged exoplanet atmospheres have been observed,	,	PUNCT	resulting	VERB	 resulting
The court ruled that Grosset had the rights to publish the original series of both Nancy Drew and the Hardy Boys as they were in print in 1980, but did not own characters or trademarks. Furthermore, any new publishers chosen by Adams were completely within their rights	rights	NOUN	to	PART	 to
Final Fantasy IV is considered a milestone for the genre, introducing a dramatic storyline with a strong emphasis on character development and personal relationships. Final Fantasy VII is credited as having the largest industry impact of the series, and with allowing console role playing games to gain	gain	VERB	mass	ADJ	 mass
After the match, Owen returned to the ring and had a confrontation with Bret. In the following weeks, Owen demanded a match with Bret, but Bret refused to accept the challenge. Eventually, the storyline had the brothers reunite to face The Quebecers at Royal	Royal	PROPN	Rumble	PROPN	 Rumble
Beginning in late 1880, letters from Pedro II to the Countess of Barral reveal a man grown world weary with age and having an increasingly alienated and pessimistic outlook. In them he frequently expresses " his loneliness and his desire to escape into her company. " The	The	DET	Emperor	PROPN	 Emperor
This site was eventually chosen in 1989, when work on the dam commenced. Construction of the Bekhme Dam was interrupted by the outbreak of the Gulf War in 1990 and the dam remains unfinished. After the war, the site of the dam was looted. The	The	DET	plans	NOUN	 plans
Brasenose's proportion of first class degrees fell sharply from its previous peak. By 1850, no matriculation exam was instituted at Brasenose, as at other colleges, although the other examinations were altered: responsions moved forward and moderations instituted. Brasenose, like the University,	,	PUNCT	was	AUX	 was
Justice Simpson's report of the findings of his inquiry was made public by the Minister on 11 June 1946. Simpson said he was satisfied the accident was not caused by failure of any part of the aircraft's structure, its engines or its controls; or failure	failure	NOUN	to	PART	 to
The continued to describe " Blank Page " as being " elegant and confessional ". He praised her raw vocal performance and thought that should it be released as a single, it would have no problem matching the success of " Beautiful ". Stephen Thomas Erlewine of	of	ADP	Allmusic	PROPN	 Allmusic
Being turned several times while cooking in the oil also contributes to its texture. It may be prepared with toppings such as sugar, chocolate or maple glazes, dusted with granulated sugar or cinnamon sugar, or served plain without any topping. The shape of the doughnut	doughnut	NOUN	can	AUX	 can
He was eventually bowled for 62, knocking a ball from Wright onto his stumps. The opening partnership laid the platform for Australia's 7 / 460 declared, which allowed them to set an imposing target of 596 and win by 409 runs to take a 2 –	–	SYM	0	NUM	 0
Before drainage, the Everglades were an interwoven mesh of marshes and prairies covering 4,000 square miles (10,000 km2). The Everglades is simultaneously a vast watershed that has historically extended from Lake Okeechobee 100 miles (160 km) south to Florida Bay (around one third	third	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
In her subsequent Wilkins Lecture in 1976 she examined the history of British prejudice against science dating back to Victorian times. The two volume opus, Independence and Deterrence: Britain and Atomic Energy 1945 – 52, finally appeared in 1974. The publication of her books brought	brought	VERB	accolades	NOUN	 accolades
On one occasion, Lucie left her gloves behind at Lingholm, and Potter transformed the incident into the fictional Lucie's propensity for losing her pocket handkerchiefs. A small copy book contains what is believed to be the earliest manuscript of Mrs. Tiggy Winkle. Its title page	page	NOUN	is	AUX	 is
Nevada's construction was authorized by an Act of Congress on 4 March 1911. The contract went to Fore River Shipbuilding Company on 22 January 1912 for a total of $5,895,000 (not including the armor and armament), and the time of construction was originally to	to	PART	be	AUX	 be
Meyer and Mikan worked out intensively, and Mikan learned how to make hook shots accurately with either hand. This routine would become later known as the Mikan Drill. In addition, Meyer made Mikan punch a speed bag, take dancing lessons, and jump rope to	to	PART	make	VERB	 make
" Due to the coup's bloodless nature, it was initially labelled the " White Revolution ", although was later renamed the " One September Revolution " after the date on which it occurred. Gaddafi insisted that the Free Officers ' coup represented a revolution, marking	marking	VERB	the	DET	 the
The capital has animal figures like lions, elephants, a sphinx and tigers. Parts of the pillar are broken. Behind the relic shrine, are six eight sided pillars, arranged in a curve. " The stupa consists of a drum with a moulding below and	and	CCONJ	railing	VERB	 railing
Winds are a limiting factor for vegetation. South westerlies are the most common and speeds of 128 km / h (80 mph) have been recorded. High winds are especially likely on the exposed coasts of Trotternish and Waternish. In common with most islands of the	the	DET	west	PROPN	 west
Many Sanskrit terms were borrowed phonetically, but given completely different meanings. One significant concept borrowed from Buddhism was that of reincarnation. Both Buddhism and the Lingbao School share the idea of the Five Paths of Rebirth (Gati). People were reborn into earth prisons,	,	PUNCT	as	ADP	 as
In Phoebe ’ s hospital room, Ross and Rachel enter with bad news: her doctor fell and hit her head in the shower, meaning she's unable to make it to the birth. The replacement doctor, Dr. Harad assures Phoebe that she's in good	good	ADJ	hands	NOUN	 hands
This development will mark the beginning of the " great tribulation ". Satan will subsequently attack Jehovah's Witnesses, an action that will prompt God to begin the war of Armageddon, during which all forms of government and all people not counted as Christ's " sheep	sheep	NOUN	"	PUNCT	 "
Lathrop, Coalter G. (2008), " Sovereignty over Pedra Branca / Pulau Batu Puteh, Middle Rocks and South Ledge (Malaysia / Singapore) ", American Journal of International Law 102 (4): 828 – 834, doi: 10.2307 / 20456682, JSTOR	JSTOR	PROPN	20456682	NUM	 20456682
Jeanne caused no deaths. On the late afternoon of November 7, an area of disturbed weather organized to a tropical depression 60 miles (100 km) east of Atlántico Norte, Nicaragua. Its origins were traced to a tropical wave that originated over western Africa on	on	ADP	October	PROPN	 October
The surface is white to whitish, smooth, or sometimes with fibrous small scales. The bulb at the base of the stem is roughly spherical and 1 – 2 cm (0.4 – 0.8 in) wide. The volva is limbate (has a distinct edge)	)	PUNCT	,	PUNCT	,
Written some time after the poet was forced to marry the daughter of the Sultan of Langkat instead of his chosen love in Java, this collection consists of 24 titled poems and pieces of lyrical prose, none of which are dated. First published in the magazine Poedjangga	Poedjangga	PROPN	Baroe	PROPN	 Baroe
The lyrical structure of Wilco's songs was dictated by classic literature and cadavre exquis — an exercise where band members take turns writing lines on a typewriter, but are only allowed to see the previously written line. Among the books that the band has cited as being	being	AUX	stylistically	ADV	 stylistically
With many players indisposed and his options limited, Allen requested reinforcements and the MCC sent out Len Hutton in time for the third Test; in the meantime, Allen asked S. C. Griffith, not a highly regarded batsman, to open the batting for England in the	the	DET	second	ADJ	 second
Dovewing's Silence is the sixth novella which was released on 4 November 2014. It takes place just after the battle in The Last Hope and is about Dovewing's trouble after losing her powers. Mapleshade's Vengeance is the seventh novella. It was published on 7	7	NUM	April	PROPN	 April
Further privileges for the church were issued in 699, and may have been composed by Berhtwald before being promulgated. Another privilege, usually referred to as the " Privilege of Wihtred ", is claimed to be a grant from Wihtred to the monasteries of Kent of exemption	exemption	NOUN	from	ADP	 from
In 1860 Marischal College merged with the neighbouring King's College to form the University of Aberdeen. There was no room for two professors of Natural Philosophy, so Maxwell, despite his scientific reputation, found himself laid off. He was unsuccessful in applying for Forbes's	's	PART	recently	ADV	 recently
These electoral defeats partly accounted for the party's financial problems. Le Pen announced the sale of the FN headquarters in Saint Cloud, Le Paquebot, and of his personal armoured car. Twenty permanent employees of the FN were also dismissed in 2008. In the 2010	2010	NUM	regional	ADJ	 regional
If not for the writers ' strike, this episode would have most likely been filmed in November 2007. Most of " Night Out " was shot during the night. The scene that has Toby putting his hand on Pam's knee was shot at 2: 30	30	NUM	am	NOUN	 am
Lieutenant James Hadden, commanding one of the British gunboats, noted that " little more than one third of the British Fleet " saw much action that day. When the sun set on October 11, the battle had clearly gone against the Americans. Most of the	the	DET	American	ADJ	 American
Humans host three species of louse, the head louse, the body louse and the pubic louse. The body louse has the smallest genome of any known insect; it has been used as a model organism and has been the subject of much research. Lice were	were	AUX	ubiquitous	ADJ	 ubiquitous
The flesh is firm, brittle, white, and will stain dull lilac to purple when cut. The odor is sometimes faintly fragrant or not distinctive, but when the mushroom is dry it smells intensely of soap. Its taste is mild to slightly acrid or somewhat	somewhat	ADV	bitter	ADJ	 bitter
As a former able bodied competitive swimmer, she is annoyed by the idea held by some able bodied swimmers that paralympic swimming is a " joke ". " The Paralympics are so much harder than the able bodied side of sport. I know from first hand.	.	PUNCT	It	PRON	 It
He worked in the East Indies until 1848, when he received an official reprimand from the Dutch government for publicizing his views critical of colonialism; consequently he was forced to resign. Van Hoëvell played an important part in the short lived protest in Batavia that has been	been	AUX	called	VERB	 called
HIT predisposes to thrombosis, the abnormal formation of blood clots inside a blood vessel, and when thrombosis is identified the condition is called heparin induced thrombocytopenia and thrombosis (HITT). HIT is caused by the formation of abnormal antibodies that activate platelets. If someone receiving	receiving	VERB	heparin	NOUN	 heparin
She returned to Ulithi on Christmas Eve to be met by Fleet Admiral Chester Nimitz. New Jersey ranged far and wide from 30 December 1944 to 25 January 1945 on her last cruise as Admiral Halsey's flagship. She guarded the carriers in their strikes on Formosa,	,	PUNCT	Okinawa	PROPN	 Okinawa
when the show began taping its 26th season, which premiered on September 14, 2009. It was significantly remodeled when season 30 premiered in September 2013. Since the debut of Jeopardy! in 1964, several different songs and arrangements have served as the theme music for	for	ADP	the	DET	 the
However, modern researchers maintain that the copies could have been produced locally in a clandestine manner. This is based on a report that emphasizes that the designs of false 8 real notes were crude and that the ink used spread when touched, something that wouldn't be	be	AUX	possible	ADJ	 possible
In response, Hausser wrote an open letter to the Bundestag denying these accusations and describing the HIAG as an advocacy organisation for former Waffen SS troops. Hausser asserted that its members rejected all forms of radicalism and were " upstanding citizens ". The HIAG bylaws of 1952	1952	NUM	described	VERB	 described
Land plants were so successful that they caused an ecological crisis in the Late Devonian, until the evolution and spread of fungi that could digest dead wood. During the Permian period synapsids, including the ancestors of mammals, may have dominated land environments, but the Permian	Permian	ADJ	–	PUNCT	 –
In a battle lasting about 90 minutes, Durfee's men repulsed repeated attempts by Eyre's men to gain control of the bridge. The British soldiers then took one local resident prisoner, set fire to his property, and retreated to their boats. The militia followed	followed	VERB	,	PUNCT	,
" Irresistible " became Simpson's second top twenty single in the US, following " I Wanna Love You Forever " (1999). The song also reached number three on Billboard Pop Songs chart, her highest peak at the time, and her second single to	to	PART	reach	VERB	 reach
Indeed, the D classification puts together infants who use a somewhat disrupted secure (B) strategy with those who seem hopeless and show little attachment behaviour; it also puts together infants who run to hide when they see their caregiver in the same classification as those who	who	PRON	show	VERB	 show
The actor explained " He rides that line and that's a lot of fun to play. There are a lot of different dynamics. He can be very persuasive, bordering on manipulative, but he has a sensitive side as well, which is coming out gradually	gradually	ADV	.	PUNCT	.
Karl Wiedergott, an actor who usually fills in for unavailable male cast members during table reads for The Simpsons episodes, portrayed an alcoholic resembling Walter Brennan. The dog was played by voice artist Frank Welker. The episode title, which is often wrongfully referred to as	as	ADP	"	PUNCT	 "
Daoíz was 41 years old when he died, and had over 26 years of continuous service in the Spanish Army. The French surgeon is said to have insisted on treating Daoíz before tending to his own men, but his efforts were in vain and Daoíz was buried	buried	VERB	in	ADP	 in
Fischer himself rarely agreed to early draws in unclear positions. The expectations on Spassky were enormous because for the Soviets, chess was part of the political system. While Fischer was often famously critical of his home country (" Americans want to plunk in front of a	a	DET	TV	NOUN	 TV
The main entrance to State Game Lands 134 is just north of the bridge site, on the east side of the creek. The PGC established the Northcentral State Game Farm in 1945 on part of State Game Lands 134 to raise wild turkey. The farm was converted	converted	VERB	to	PART	 to
In Miami Herald Publishing Co. v. Tornillo (1974), the Court unanimously struck down a state law requiring newspapers criticizing political candidates to publish their responses. The state claimed that the law had been passed to ensure journalistic responsibility. The Supreme Court found that freedom,	,	PUNCT	but	CCONJ	 but
However, nothing else is written about Emir Musa, prompting Bakhit to suggest that by dint of Musa's title, " emir ", that Musa was a member of the Assaf clan who led the dynasty as a virtual regent during the years of Mansur's years	years	NOUN	as	ADP	 as
" Intro (Listen To My Drama) " is in a minor key and features a string ensemble and synthesizers. In the rap, Ivy Queen sings: " 1 9 9 3 was the year that I started, Many have seen my rise and fall I	I	PRON	've	AUX	've
After Richard's release from captivity, John, intending to begin a rebellion, had prepared his castles for defence. His letters ordering the preparations were intercepted and John was deprived of his lands. When John showed no signs of submitting, Walter called an ecclesiastical council	council	NOUN	at	ADP	 at
After she arrived in New York City, she started to experience problems finding employment, mostly because she did not fully understand English. Lebrón worked as a seamstress in several factories. She was fired from some of her jobs because she was considered a " rebel by	by	ADP	her	PRON	 her
His first major league hit, a double, came on July 1, against the Cincinnati Reds. He hit his first home run a little over a month later, on August 10, against the Los Angeles Angels of Anaheim. Although Garko favored his traditional position	position	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
The breasts are framed by a swirl of pale cloth, which in parts reflects the light. The 6.7 by 8 centimetre (2.6 by 3.1 in) painting is set in a case; it had originally been installed on a paper backing which had the date "	"	PUNCT	1828	NUM	 1828
Hotze's force had already crossed the Rhine further east, where it was still a mountain stream, and passed through the Grisons, into Toggenburg, and moved toward Zürich. To prevent these two forces from joining with Archduke Charles ' 100,000 men, on 22 May	May	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
That figure was the second lowest ever for an ACC Championship Game, but 13% more than the previous year's rating of 1.6, the record low. The game's referee was Brad Allen, the umpire was Jim Hyson and the lineman was Art Hardin.	.	PUNCT	Virginia	PROPN	 Virginia
Other lakes include Llyn Du ' r Arddu below Clogwyn Du ' r Arddu – 1,901 feet (579 m) high, 5 acres (2.0 ha), Llyn Teyrn near Pen y pass – 1,237 feet (377 m) high, 5 acres (2.0 ha	ha	NOUN	)	PUNCT	)
The success of the drainage system led to the formation of other drainage boards and the construction of other pumping stations. The pump at Westonzoyland originally comprised a beam engine and scoop wheel (like a water wheel running backwards) but, after 25 years, there were	were	VERB	problems	NOUN	 problems
" Michael Paoletta from Billboard was less critical, citing it as a " minor misstep in a stellar career that has earned the singer a few free passes. Editor Sarah Rodman from The Boston Herald gave Glitter a mixed review, praising Carey's song writing and voice	voice	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
In 1995, Parque Plaza Sésamo, a 12 acre theme park based on the show, was opened in Monterrey, Mexico, within the gates of the theme park Parque Fundidora. It is the first theme park of its kind in Mexico. According to a press	press	NOUN	release	NOUN	 release
As such, the poem is an experiment in the ode structure that he was to then rely on for his next five odes. Although Keats spent time considering the language of the poem, the choice of wording and phrasing is below that found within his later works	works	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
After learning that the Minerans have a chance of being reborn, Kunzite saves the dying Lithia by sealing her inside his Spiria and entering a comatose state. After this, the rest of the group return to Kor's home village, where Kor and Kohaku confirm their	their	PRON	love	NOUN	 love
Another important presentation in the history of the Arts Club was the Fernand Léger showing of Le Ballet Mecanique. The Club's move in 1997 to its current location at 201 E. Ontario Street was not without controversy because the club demolished its former interior space designed by Ludwig	Ludwig	PROPN	Mies	PROPN	 Mies
It was the second Record of the Year winner not to make the Hot 100 (following " Walk On " in 2001 by U2). The song won Record of the Year, but not Song of the Year. Record of the Year is awarded to the	the	DET	artist	NOUN	 artist
Adams was the father of John Quincy Adams, the sixth President of the United States. He died on the fiftieth anniversary of the adoption of the Declaration of Independence. Modern historians in the aggregate have ranked his administration favorably. John Adams was born on October 30	30	NUM	,	PUNCT	,
... Sid Sheinberg (president of MCA Inc., parent company of Universal Pictures) expects a miracle – and we're going to make it happen. " Sargent got a call from Sheinberg in late September 1986, asking him to direct the fourth Jaws movie with no	no	DET	script	NOUN	 script
Mastering at The Hit Factory, New York City. Credits adapted from the liner notes of The Emancipation of Mimi. " Mine Again " debuted on the at number 82 on the US Hot R & B / Hip Hop Songs chart on June 6, 2005.	.	PUNCT	On	ADP	 On
Better known gardens are Batumi Botanical Garden, Saint Petersburg Botanical Garden, (1714); and Moscow Botanical Garden of Academy of Sciences, (1945). These gardens are notable for their structures that include sculptures, pavilions, bandstands, memorials, shadehouses, tea	tea	NOUN	houses	NOUN	 houses
However, they are harder to write than other episodes because they are " less jokey. " The writers therefore made the decision to replace Marge's role with Homer, who tends to be funnier than Marge. Jean commented that because he has a daughter, Homer	Homer	PROPN	–	PUNCT	 –
Their £50 million purchase of Fernando Torres from Liverpool in January 2011 was the record transfer fee paid by a British club until Ángel di María signed for Manchester United in August 2014 for £59.7 million. Chelsea, along with Arsenal, were the first club to	to	PART	play	VERB	 play
Looking back in the 1950s Wodehouse viewed these as his apprentice years: " I was practically in swaddling clothes and it is extremely creditable to me that I was able to write at all. " From his boyhood Wodehouse had been fascinated by America, which he conceived	conceived	VERB	of	ADP	 of
In 2001, he was a member of the Palm Harbor team that won the Senior League World Series. Clippard began his high school career at Palm Harbor University High School in Palm Harbor, Florida. After failing to make the varsity baseball team in his first two	two	NUM	seasons	NOUN	 seasons
On October 24, 1972, nine days after his appearance at the World Series, Robinson died of a heart attack in his home at 95 Cascade Road in North Stamford, Connecticut. Robinson's funeral service on October 27, 1972, at Upper Manhattan's Riverside	Riverside	PROPN	Church	PROPN	 Church
" Lynda Hart, one of the authors of Acting Out: Feminist Performances, felt that the video " alternated between two competing representations of Madonna... Charging coercion, both sides make the video as an invitation to a certain way of life, in the process denying	denying	VERB	it	PRON	 it
The amount of radioactive exposure received during a one hour visit to the site is about half of the total radiation exposure which a U.S. adult receives on an average day from natural and medical sources. On December 21, 1965, the 51,500 acre (20,800 ha)	)	PUNCT	Trinity	PROPN	 Trinity
One of the early decisions made by the production team was not to refer to Prince of Persia 3D in any degree in designing the gameplay, instead looking to the 1989 original for reference. They intended to capture the original feeling of platforming an adventure in a 3D	3D	ADJ	environment	NOUN	 environment
In a 2008 phylogenomic study of spiral horned antelopes, chromosomal similarities were observed between cattle (Bos taurus) and eight species of spiral horned antelopes, namely: nyala (Tragelaphus angasii), lesser kudu (T. imberbis), bongo (T. eurycerus), bushbuck	bushbuck	NOUN	(	PUNCT	 (
In January 2010, Mark Pellington replaced Larry Fessenden as director of the project. On August 5, 2011, Guillermo del Toro stated that the remake would reflect his original vision for the film, and that it had been planned even when the first version was in	in	ADP	production	NOUN	 production
When his machine guns jammed, armed only with a pistol and one hand grenade, Sergeant Cole made a one man attack against the two remaining gun emplacements. Twice he returned to his own lines for additional grenades and continued the attack under fierce enemy fire until he	he	PRON	had	AUX	 had
In recent decades, the republication of almost all her writing has stimulated a new recognition of its value. Her habit of intensive reading and study, revealed in her journals and letters and reflected in her works, is now better appreciated. Shelley's conception of herself	herself	PRON	as	ADP	 as
It claimed the fossil was " a missing link between terrestrial dinosaurs and birds that could actually fly " and informally referred to it as " Archaeoraptor liaoningensis ", announcing it would later be formally named as such. This name means " ancient robber of Liaoning ".	.	PUNCT	This	PRON	 This
They had no family in Canada and, after their two children were born, they searched for a spiritual home and joined the Society of Friends (Quakers) in 1964. " We were pacifists before we were Quakers, " Franklin says, " but it was	was	AUX	a	DET	 a
He served as a member of Stanford's board of trustees and as a California superior court judge. His monetary gifts to his alma mater made possible the construction of two student residences on the Stanford campus — one named for himself, the other dedicated to the memory	memory	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
" West retracted much of the rich live instrumentation that had characterized his previous studio album Late Registration. He had them replaced with heavy, layered electronic synthesizers with Gothic tendencies at loud volumes throughout Graduation. West injected distorted synth chords, rave stabs, house beats,	,	PUNCT	electro	PROPN	 electro
The film received mixed reviews from critics, H. Jeanval of The Moving Picture News stated that the costuming and lace curtains on the windows of the home betrayed the supposed poverty of the Morgan family. Walton, also of The Moving Picture News, stated, " This	This	DET	title	NOUN	 title
He was willing to sign the Augsburg Confession, but not the Concordat, which affirmed a bodily presence of Christ in the Eucharist. He was retained and reappointed anyway, but controversy over the Eucharist as well as Vermigli's strong doctrine of double predestination continued with the	the	DET	Lutherans	PROPN	 Lutherans
Glen Morgan felt that " parts of the episode worked. What maybe fell a little flat is that we were a little too afraid of doing HAL and, in a sense, I think that's what the building needed; to have a scary personality. "	"	PUNCT	James	PROPN	 James
At 06: 55, Hessen and Schlesien mistook a mine buoy dropped by Kaiser as a periscope and attacked it. In the course of the battle, Hessen had fired five 28 cm rounds, thirty four 17 cm shells, and twenty four 8.8 cm rounds.	.	PUNCT	In	ADP	 In
Its maximum recorded weight is 6.1 kg (13 lb). The range of the estuary stingray spans approximately 1,700 km (1,100 mi) along Australia's eastern coast, from Repulse Bay in Queensland to the Hacking River in New South Wales. It is most common	common	ADJ	in	ADP	 in
Additional pre recorded video content was created by Eno, Williams, Kevin Godley, Carol Dodds, and Philip Owens. On 13 November, U2 settled on the " Zoo TV Tour " name and the plans to place video screens across the stage and build a lighting	lighting	NOUN	system	NOUN	 system
The Brandlings appointed John Blenkinsop to manage their collieries in Middleton and he was the hall's occupant in 1809. The hall was destroyed in a fire in 1962. In 1760 the Brandlings built a new residence, Middleton Lodge, designed by James Paine. It was	was	AUX	situated	VERB	 situated
The music video for " No Sé Tú " was directed by Pedro Torres and filmed in Miami, it features Miguel and an orchestra performing in front of a building. The video premiered on 16 February on the Mexican variety show Siempre en Domingo. " Inolvidable "	"	PUNCT	and	CCONJ	 and
SR 3 travels towards the southern end of the Hood Canal and intersects the eastern termini of SR 106 and SR 300 in Belfair. The highway continues northeast past Bremerton National Airport towards the community of Gorst in Kitsap County, where it forms the western terminus of SR	SR	PROPN	16	NUM	 16
" In Koppelman's opinion, Siegel was " the most important philosopher of the 20th century – perhaps of all time ". In Aesthetic Realism classes and lessons, Koppelman learned that ethical problems are also artistic problems. He felt his work suffered from a fight between	between	ADP	rigidity	NOUN	 rigidity
Today, undoubtedly best known are the range of military revolvers, which were in service use across two World Wars and numerous colonial conflicts. In 1887, the British Army was searching for a revolver to replace the largely unsatisfactory.476 Enfield Mk I & Mk II Revolvers,	,	PUNCT	the	DET	 the
The single floored houses dominated the town's landscape, but there are indications of multiple floored habitations with rich architecture. The seafarers ' social class, well off gentlemen, was associated with this richer architecture around Praça Velha square. In the 17th century, the shipbuilding	shipbuilding	NOUN	industry	NOUN	 industry
Other soil series in the watershed include the Chenango Pope Holly series, the Clymer Buchanan Norwich series, and the Leck Kill Meckesville Calvin series. The Chenango Pope Holly series is found in the lower reaches of the watershed, the Leck Kill Minersville Calvin series is found	found	VERB	in	ADP	 in
In 1878, faced with Russian victories against the Ottomans, he worked at the Congress of Berlin to obtain peace in the Balkans at terms favourable to Britain and unfavourable to Russia, its longstanding enemy. This diplomatic victory over Russia established Disraeli as one of Europe's	's	PART	leading	VERB	 leading
Amadopoulos wants Homer to give a pep talk to his plant's lackluster workers. Homer is hesitant to accept, but Burns forces him into it. At the Shelbyville plant, he gives a fumbling motivational speech. Suddenly an impending meltdown threatens the Shelbyville plant. Amadopoulos	Amadopoulos	PROPN	and	CCONJ	 and
The language is predominantly English, with passages in Yiddish and Hebrew that are subtitled. Also subtitled are passages with significant amounts of " Yeshivish ", Yiddish influenced technical terms in Judaism; for example, posek is translated as " judge on Jewish law ", and	and	CCONJ	daven	NOUN	 daven
The repairs were expected to sustain the sculpture for about 30 – 50 years before any further repairs would be necessary. In 2003, the National Endowment for the Arts committed $250,000 to the Park District for the conservation and restoration of the reflecting pool. In 2004	2004	NUM	,	PUNCT	,
When, as was often the case, there was no ready source of labour in the neighbourhood, the workforce had to be imported. A cheap and importable source of labour was ' parish apprentices ' (pauper children, whose parish was supposed to see them trained	trained	VERB	to	ADP	 to
The mushroom is commonly known as the " golden milkcap ". Lactarius alnicola is classified in subsection Scrobiculati of section Piperites in the genus Lactarius. Species in this subsection are characterized by having a milk white to creamy or whey like latex that soon turns yellow upon exposure	exposure	NOUN	to	ADP	 to
Many are hooked by sport fishers casting from the shore, who regard the shark as a pest and often kill it. It may also be caught by subsistence fishers and in lobster traps and bottom trawls, though not in substantial quantities. This shark occasionally finds its	its	PRON	way	NOUN	 way
A construction boom has occurred in the greater Hudson Yards area as well. The station is described by the MTA as the centerpiece of the Hudson Park and Boulevard, as well as of the entire Hudson Yards project, which developers say could not have been started without	without	ADP	the	DET	 the
Today it is a preserved monument open to the public. The castle was built between 1220 and 1223, during the rule of the Prince of Achaea Geoffrey I of Villehardouin, as a result of a dispute between the Prince and the clergy of the Principality. Geoffrey	Geoffrey	PROPN	had	AUX	 had
In Canada, the album peaked at number four, remaining on the chart for four weeks. On July 6, 1998, the record was certified double platinum by the Canadian Recording Industry Association for shipments of over 200,000 copies. In Australia, the album debuted at	at	ADP	number	NOUN	 number
What I blame you for is this — that you have attempted to lessen the authority of the Bible by ridicule, more than by reason. Paine's Quaker upbringing predisposed him to deistic thinking at the same time that it positioned him firmly within the tradition of religious	religious	ADJ	Dissent	PROPN	 Dissent
The following communities lie on the shores of Galveston Bay proper and Trinity Bay, the two main components of the Galveston Bay complex (excluding those along the Gulf of Mexico): Anahuac, Bacliff, Baytown, Beach City, Kemah, La Porte, Morgan's Point	Point	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
In 1917 the rains began on 19 November just as the infantry began their advance into the Judean Hills. The strength of the Seventh and Eighth Ottoman Armies, before the attack at Beersheba on 31 October, was estimated to have been 45,000 rifles, 1,500 sabres and	and	CCONJ	300	NUM	 300
On July 27, 2010, the company Ichijinsha released a reprint of the series in two collected volumes. The series is licensed for English language release in North America by Del Rey, which published the series from January 30, 2007 to July 31, 2007.	.	PUNCT	In	ADP	 In
No sections of M 221 have been listed on the National Highway System, a network of roads important to the country's economy, defense, and mobility. M 221 was part of the original M 25 that ran through the eastern UP in 1919. This specific	specific	ADJ	segment	NOUN	 segment
She was the fourth and final member of the Etna class, which included three sister ships of slightly smaller dimensions. Named for the condottiero of the same name, she was the only member of her class not named for a volcano. The ship was laid down	down	ADP	in	ADP	 in
The transit shows that its inclination is about 83.4 ± 1.7, so the real mass is close to the minimum. 55 Cancri e is also coplanar with b. 55 Cancri e receives more radiation than Gliese 436 b. The side of the planet facing its star has temperatures	temperatures	NOUN	more	ADJ	 more
Stauskas played for Canada in the 2009 FIBA Americas Under 16 Championship held in Argentina. He helped lead the Canadian junior national team to a bronze medal, which qualified them for the 2010 FIBA Under 17 World Championship. He averaged 9.4 points per game in the tournament	tournament	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
The Spanish Civil War and First and Second World Wars in the 20th century caused damage to many castle keeps across Europe; in particular, the famous keep at Coucy was destroyed by the German Army in 1917. By the late 20th century, however, the conservation	conservation	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
Most earthquake swarms at Lōʻihi have lasted less than two days; the two exceptions are the 1991 – 92 earthquake, lasting several months, and the 1996 event, which was shorter but much more pronounced. Both of the earthquakes followed a pattern of activity that began	began	VERB	on	ADP	 on
Even so, some sections of the black community recognized McDaniel's achievements to be representative of progression: some African Americans crossed picket lines and praised McDaniel's warm and witty characterization, while others hoped that the industry's recognition of her work would lead to increased visibility	visibility	NOUN	on	ADP	 on
While there Kellogg learned to operate a telegraph and went to work for both the Northwestern Telegraph Company and the Atlantic and Pacific Telegraph Company. He married Martha J. Robinson in 1861 and they had two daughters. During the years of the American Civil War, Kellogg became	became	VERB	the	DET	 the
" Sandra Gonzalez called the whole development " simply perfect ". Kevin Fallon of The Atlantic thought the kiss was " sweet ", and stated that he was pleased that it attracted no controversy whatsoever. James Poniewozik reacted positively to the storyline. In his review,	,	PUNCT	Poniewozik	PROPN	 Poniewozik
She only had one operable gun turret by this time and she provided some fire support for the Whites, but it was not enough. They were forced to evacuate the Crimea later that year and sailed with Wrangel's fleet to Bizerte (Tunisia) where she was	was	AUX	interned	VERB	 interned
The kingdom attains independence from British rule and Pulikecei and Ukraputhan get married to their respective lovers, Soolayini and Vasantha Sundari. Note: Vadivelu's name features in the opening credits, while the rest of the cast members are listed as per the closing credits. Chimbu	Chimbu	PROPN	Deven	PROPN	 Deven
The first Lord Provost, Robert Whyt, was elected to the post around 1658. The burgh was one of four in Scotland to use two coats of arms, introduced in 1673. One bears the motto Vigilando Munio (" I secure by watching "),	,	PUNCT	and	CCONJ	 and
In July 2009, Phillies scouts evaluated pitcher Pedro Martínez in two simulated games against the Phillies DSL team, leading to a one year, $1 million contract. Replacing Jamie Moyer as a starter in the Phillies rotation on August 12, 2009, Philadelphia won each	each	PRON	of	ADP	 of
Almost all composite bows are also recurve bows as the shape curves away from the archer; this design gives higher draw weight in the early stages of the archer's draw, storing somewhat more total energy for a given final draw weight. It would be possible to	to	PART	make	VERB	 make
Afghanistan, Iran, Iraq, Palestine, Syria, and the Ganga and Indus river valleys sheltered large numbers of cheetahs. However, today the cheetah has been exterminated from the majority of its earlier range. The IUCN estimates that the total expanse of the range of	of	ADP	the	DET	 the
(エナミカツミ画集バッカーノ!, Enami Katsumi Gashū Baccano!). The book not only featured illustrations drawn by Enami, but also included a story titled Boy Czeslaw, Fellows of the Forest (of Buildings) (チェスワフぼうやと 、 (ビルの) 森の仲間達, Chesuwafu Bōya to,	,	PUNCT	(	PUNCT	 (
After crossing the Platte River, the Martin Handcart Company camped near Red Butte as heavy snow fell. Snow continued to fall for three days, and the company came to a halt as many emigrants died. For nine days the company remained there, while 56 persons	persons	NOUN	died	VERB	 died
In her autobiography, Assata writes about how her Aunt encouraged her to read, visited museums and saw plays with her and describes her aunt as " very sophisticated and knew all kinds of things. She was right up my alley because I was forever asking all kinds	kinds	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
Modern winter service vehicles will usually also have a satellite navigation system connected to a weather forecast feed, allowing the driver to choose the best areas to treat and to avoid areas in which rain is likely, which can wash away the grit used — the most advanced	advanced	ADJ	can	AUX	 can
Truman ultimately chose Fred M. Vinson for the position. In 1948, Justice Black approved an order solicited by Abe Fortas that barred a federal district court in Texas from further investigation of significant voter fraud and irregularities in the 1948 Democratic primary election for United States Senator from	from	ADP	Texas	PROPN	 Texas
Eurogamer then reported that Codemasters had clarified the agreement between itself and GFI: Codemasters had reserved the option to publish the game in the UK, but ultimately declined. This allowed GFI to distribute the game out with Russia and dispelled the belief that GFI was not authorised	authorised	VERB	to	PART	 to
Upon reaching the Gulf of Mexico, Charlie had weakened to a 105 mph (165 km / h) hurricane. On August 21, it remained a Category 2 hurricane while crossing the Gulf of Mexico until 18 hours before landfall. On August 22, Charlie rapidly	rapidly	ADV	intensified	VERB	 intensified
Further ornamentation of the walls includes carvings depicting the fourteen Stations of the Cross as well as twelve triforiums holding paintings illustrating the Lord's Prayer, the Bread of Life Discourse, and praise to Christ and Mary. On top of the altar, at the eastern end	end	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
It was at this point that the Mean Fiddler Organisation was invited to help, which was seen by some as a " sell out " to corporate culture. In 2002, the festival returned after its planned fallow year, with the controversial Mean Fiddler now handling the	the	DET	logistics	NOUN	 logistics
The reasoning behind the idea was to genuinely surprise fans, and to allow an opportunity to provide a major role for Butters Stotch, a breakout character whose popularity was growing with the viewers and creators of the show. Parker and Stone initially chose Kyle because they deemed	deemed	VERB	him	PRON	 him
In 450, in an attempt to impose Zoroastrianism on Armenians, Sasanian King Yazdegerd II built a fire temple inside the cathedral. The pyre of the fire temple was unearthed under the altar of the east apse during the excavations in the 1950s. By the last quarter	quarter	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
Silverman mentions that he became in an " archetypal figure of the Belle Époque ", a " handsome monsieur with a beard " (joli monsieur avec une barbe) admired by Félicien Rops, and an " elegant storyteller " (l ' élégant conteur) according to	to	ADP	Anatole	PROPN	 Anatole
The hurricane peaked with maximum sustained winds of 90 mph (150 km / h) before it struck the central Gulf coast of the United States as a Category 1 hurricane on September 24, and evolved into an extratropical cyclone on September 25. It was the first	first	ADJ	hurricane	NOUN	 hurricane
Widely distributed, it is also known locally as Scotch crow, Danish crow, and grey crow (in Slavic languages, Ireland and Denmark). Found across Northern, Eastern, and Southeastern Europe, as well as parts of the Middle East, it is an	an	DET	ashy	ADJ	 ashy
Having resolved the issue of his playing future, Miller was back in a good frame of mind for the Fourth Test in Adelaide. In a high scoring match, Miller took a wicket in each innings, but he shone with the bat. England batted first and	and	CCONJ	had	AUX	 had
Each of these five string theories arises as a special limiting case of M theory. This theory, like its string theory predecessors, is an example of a quantum theory of gravity. It describes a force just like the familiar gravitational force subject to the rules of	of	ADP	quantum	NOUN	 quantum
The majority of ATP in tumor cells is generated via the oxidative phosphorylation pathway (OxPhos). Interference with OxPhos have shown to cause cell cycle arrest suggesting that mitochondria play a role in cell proliferation. Mitochondrial ATP production is also vital for cell division in addition to	to	ADP	other	ADJ	 other
In the 13th century the Lower Ward was rebuilt in stone by Reynold Mohun; this was paid for in part by Reynold commuting his tenants ' ongoing duty to repair the castle walls into a single, one off financial payment to their lord, and partially through his	his	PRON	marriage	NOUN	 marriage
" A riff similar to " Clocks " was also used for the 2009 song " Shining Down " by Chicagoan hip hop artist Lupe Fiasco and featuring Matthew Santos. An analogous riff can also be heard in the DJ Cahill Remix of the Agnes song I Need You	You	PRON	Now	ADV	 Now
The game was published by Eidos Interactive and released on June 23, 2000 for Windows 95 and later versions. They also planned third party ports for Mac OS 9 and Linux. Spector felt that the development process's highlights were the " high level vision " and	and	CCONJ	length	NOUN	 length
While the player is able to paws (wordplay in the game) the game to inspect the level and status of the lemmings, skills can only be assigned in real time. Lemmings are initially released at a rate predetermined by the level (from 1 to 99	99	NUM	)	PUNCT	)
A CT scan of the cranium more accurately determined her age to be about 40 years old at the time of her death. The body height now measured only 1.33 m (4 ft 4 in), but doctors used the original 1835 descriptions to estimate she would	would	AUX	have	AUX	 have
Their first ever appearance at Wembley Stadium saw the Eagles facing Alex Ferguson's Manchester United. Gary O'Reilly opened the scoring and Ian Wright then equalised immediately after coming onto the pitch as a substitute to take the tie to extra time, before scoring again early in the	the	DET	extra	ADJ	 extra
Upon completing the final stage, Roche told the media that by winning the final time trial he felt he silenced any critics who doubted whether he should have won the race. In addition, Roche announced his intention to compete in the Tour de France in July.	.	PUNCT	He	PRON	 He
However, Brumbies are also credited for help keeping tracks and trails clear for bush walkers and service vehicles in some areas. In some habitats, hooves of free roaming horses compact the soil, and when the soil is compacted, air spaces are minimized, leaving nowhere	nowhere	ADV	for	SCONJ	 for
With Thriller, Christopher Connelly of Rolling Stone commented that Jackson developed his long association with the subliminal theme of paranoia and darker imagery. AllMusic's Stephen Thomas Erlewine noted this is evident on the songs " Billie Jean " and " Wanna Be Startin ' Somethin ' "	"	PUNCT	.	PUNCT	.
The first chapter, " The Other Minister ", which features the meeting between the Muggle Prime Minister, the Minister for Magic Cornelius Fudge, and his successor, Rufus Scrimgeour, was a concept Rowling tried to start in Philosopher's Stone, Prisoner of Azkaban,	,	PUNCT	and	CCONJ	 and
Benetton and McLaren initially refused to hand over their source code for investigation. When they did so, the FIA discovered hidden functionality in both teams ' software, but no evidence that it had been used in a race. Both teams were fined $100,000 for their	their	PRON	initial	ADJ	 initial
A reporter for the Daily Mail wrote that Rihanna displayed her competitive side during her performance on American Idol, after " Lady Gaga set such high standards ". Writing for About.com, Bill Lamb was critical of Rihanna's decision to perform " Rockstar 101 " on American	American	PROPN	Idol	PROPN	 Idol
Rolf is me and all of my cousins. My parents were right off the boat so I grew up playing to two worlds, the modern world and the 1950s Italian world. My parents like Rolf's lived — still live in the past, with strong traditions	traditions	NOUN	and	CCONJ	 and
The Commonwealth attempted to dislodge Axis forces in May and again in June, but failed on both occasions. By late March 1941, following Bulgaria's signing of the Tripartite Pact, the Germans were in position to intervene in Greece. Plans were changed, however,	,	PUNCT	because	SCONJ	 because
Unfinished work and efforts to provide for the welfare of liberated and displaced slave populations delayed the end of Nicolls's mandate for several months, and he did not return to England until April 1835. During his time in control of Fernando Po, Nicolls clashed with the	the	DET	Portuguese	ADJ	 Portuguese
Grainger's first known composition, " A Birthday Gift to Mother ", is dated 1893. Pabst arranged Grainger's first public concert appearances, at Melbourne's Masonic Hall in July and September 1894. The boy played works by Bach, Beethoven, Schumann and Scarlatti	Scarlatti	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
The Western Terminus of the historic transcontinental Lincoln Highway, the first road across America, is in San Francisco's Lincoln Park. 32% of San Francisco residents use public transportation in daily commuting to work, ranking it first on the West Coast and third overall in	in	ADP	the	DET	 the
Young and the other appointees were also authorized, by the county, to sell the old courthouse as well as any town lots owned by the county in order to help raise money for the project. Eventually, William Phelps was contracted for the construction of the two	two	NUM	story	NOUN	 story
After Masai Ujiri was brought in as the new General Manager in 2013, he traded Bargnani to the New York Knicks. With a backcourt led by Kyle Lowry and DeMar DeRozan, the Raptors returned to the playoffs, won their second Atlantic Division title, and won	won	VERB	a	DET	 a
After Smyth made a series of changes in response to this, Groves sent the manuscript to his scientific adviser, Richard Tolman. Tolman was assisted by two physicists who were working in his office at the National Defense Research Committee as technical aides, Paul C. Fine from	from	ADP	the	DET	 the
She did not care for the work and soon left, joining the staff of the Institute for Radium Research of Vienna in 1924 at the request of Stefan Meyer. Her research there focused on measuring the absorption and range of hydrogen rays, as well as on developing	developing	VERB	polonium	NOUN	 polonium
To that end, the city reportedly spent $15.8 billion on public apartment complexes for use by recent college graduates, migrant workers, and low income residents. Bo aimed to provide housing for 2.4 million residents by 2012. Residents whose incomes were under 3,000 yuan (	(	PUNCT	$	SYM	$
Goldwater accumulated 52 electoral votes to Johnson's 486 and 38.5% of the popular vote (27,178,188) to Johnson's 61.1% (43,129,566). Goldwater carried six states: Louisiana, Alabama, Mississippi, Georgia, South Carolina and his home state of Arizona.	.	PUNCT	Goldwater	PROPN	 Goldwater
He was one of six graduates from his course selected for a Short Service Commission in the RAF. Koch was initially sent to England for training and assessment, where he flew the Avro 504, the Armstrong Whitworth Siskin, and the Bristol Fighter. He then accepted	accepted	VERB	a	DET	 a
There is no defense for the injured, but they must meekly accept the situation. It is inconsistent with liberty, a term so dear to us all ". Superintendent Terhune wrote that " until the boroughing is done ", it would not be possible to assess	assess	VERB	the	DET	 the
Prince of Wales was now the flagship of Rear Admiral Bernard Currey and the first task of the squadron was to protect the transfer of the British Expeditionary Force over the English Channel to France. They patrolled the eastern end of the Channel while the 7th and 8th Battle	Battle	PROPN	Squadrons	PROPN	 Squadrons
Reluctant to remove Lacaille's designation, he gave them both the Zeta designation. Altogether there are 62 stars brighter than magnitude 6.5 in the constellation. The pattern of the brightest stars resembles that of Ursa Minor, in that the stars form a pattern reminiscent of a	a	DET	bowl	NOUN	 bowl
Jack parts from the Ninth Doctor with a kiss which Barrowman felt to be " full of fondess and respect " and both " a significant moment in the annals of the series " and " a moment full of melancholy and loss for the characters ". James Delingpole	Delingpole	PROPN	of	ADP	 of
She told the court that she had not seen Canning before 1 February, and that " as to Squires, I never saw her above a week and a day before we were taken up. " According to a contemporary report in the London Daily Advertiser, as	as	SCONJ	the	DET	 the
It was listed among H.W. Wilson Company's 1922 list of 10,000 books they deemed the " most useful ". Warner Brothers purchased the film rights for Lad: A Dog, Further Adventures of Lad, and Lad of Sunnybank, intending to produce a series of films	films	NOUN	and	CCONJ	 and
The final Crimson Tide touchdown came early in the fourth quarter on a 19 yard McCarron touchdown pass to Cooper that capped a 14 play, 86 yard drive that took 7: 41 off the clock and made the score 42 – 7. The Irish then made the	the	DET	final	ADJ	 final
Benaiah is on the same large scale as The Combat at 398 cm (13 ft 1 in) wide, and is a very similar composition, although in place of the woman begging for mercy is the body of a dead soldier. Hero recycles the pose of	of	ADP	the	DET	 the
London returned to ROH on August 3, losing to Michael Elgin in the first round of a tournament for the ROH World Championship. London returned once again at Glory By Honor XII to defeat Roderick Strong. During his time in ROH, London made brief appearances in	in	ADP	Japanese	ADJ	 Japanese
Strong winds displaced and destroyed residences and uprooted trees, while torrential rainfall caused rivers to overflow, resulting in the flooding of sugarcane fields and the washing away of bridges. Radio communications to and between most of the central Philippine islands were disrupted. Cebu was one of	of	ADP	the	DET	 the
A close quarters battle then ensued, continuing until night fell with the Australians assaulting the Viet Cong positions using frontal tactics which resulted in heavy casualties on both sides. Under orders from Townsend to press on with the assault as fast as possible, Mackay decided to switch	switch	VERB	the	DET	 the
In the team's second straight yearly appearance at the Tournio du Val de Marne, Nasri scored his lone goal in the competition against the United States in a 2 – 0 win as France were declared champions without conceding a goal. At the 2004 UEFA European Under	Under	PROPN	17	NUM	 17
On September 29, the system became better organized when it reached a position about 100 mi (160 km) south of Acapulco. Although upper level wind shear was only marginally favorable, the National Hurricane Center first noted the potential for tropical cyclogenesis on September 30 over	over	ADP	the	DET	 the
In addition, many horses with a solid coat exhibited secondary characteristics such as skin mottling, the white sclera, and striped hooves. The controversy stirred by the ApHC's decision was intense. In 1983 a number of Appaloosa breeders opposed to the registration of solid colored	colored	ADJ	horses	NOUN	 horses
Splitting the price of the newspaper (three pence), with retailers, Harry arranged for three major wholesalers, W.H. Smith, Blackburn's and Conlan's, to sell Mersey Beat. Harry personally delivered copies to more than 20 newsagents as well as to local venues	venues	NOUN	and	CCONJ	 and
This demonstrated the changed balance of power at this stage of the war. At the commencement of the war, the VRS had greater military capabilities than its opponents, particularly in terms of heavy weapons and organisation, but over three years from mid 1992 its capabilities had	had	AUX	been	AUX	 been
Jordy led the 3rd and 38th Line Infantry Demi Brigades. Tharreau directed the 3rd Light and the 56th, 74th, 79th and 89th Line Infantry Demi Brigades. Paillard commanded the 12th and 21st (heavy) Cavalry Regiments while Tholmé commanded the 18th Cavalry, 4th Dragoon	Dragoon	NOUN	and	CCONJ	 and
Mostly a vegetarian naivedya (offering of food) is offered to Khandoba in the temples, though most devotees consider him a non vegetarian and a goat flesh is offered to the deity outside the temple. An important part of the Khandoba cult is navas, a vow	vow	NOUN	to	PART	 to
The species is illustrated with two plates. The classification adopted by Cuvier to define the natural structure of the animal kingdom, including both living and fossil forms, was as follows, the list forming the structure of the Règne Animal. Where Cuvier's group names correspond	correspond	VERB	(	PUNCT	 (
Captain Keyes is captured by the Covenant, and taken aboard the Covenant cruiser Truth and Reconciliation; the Master Chief and a squad of Marines board the Truth and Reconciliation, rescuing the captain. Keyes has learned that the ringworld they are on has vast significance to the	the	PRON	Covenant-	PROPN	 Covenant-
This specimen is the largest and includes the only known complete skull and forelimb. Skeletal elements of OMNH 10147 are almost the same size as comparable bones in NCSM 14345, indicating an animal of roughly the same size, while the holotype and SMU 74646 are significantly smaller	smaller	ADJ	.	PUNCT	.
The first plenum also endorses the composition of the Secretariat and the leadership of the CCDI. According to the party constitution, the General Secretary must be a member of the Politburo Standing Committee (PSC), and is responsible for convening meetings of the PSC and the	the	DET	Politburo	PROPN	 Politburo
Another partial interchange with Highland Avenue follows at exit 4 — making the two connections that exit 3 omits — before I 590 enters the Can of Worms, a complex interchange connecting I 590 to I 490. North of the ramps leading to I 490, I 590	590	NUM	descends	VERB	 descends
" Frequent mention of alchemy indicates the shift from an earlier age to a newer transformative age. Newton was an alchemist, and one character compares finance to alchemy: " all goods — silk, coins, shares in mines — lose their hard dull gross forms and	and	CCONJ	liquefy	VERB	 liquefy
Jed Gottlieb of the Boston Herald likened the track's beat to the works of New Zealand singer Lorde. Chris Bosman from Consequence of Sound described " Pretty Hurts " as a " cinematic reach of modern Top 40 pop with the patience and melancholy of post 808s &	&	CCONJ	Heartbreaks	PROPN	 Heartbreaks
The decision to kill Charlie was taken in order to reintroduce Charlie's son, Nick. Nick had been involved in a storyline that saw him attempt to poison Dot in 1990, and producers felt that in order for Dot to allow Nick back into her life again	again	ADV	,	PUNCT	,
Travel time from Stavanger to Sandnes is 19 minutes, from Stavanger to Nærbø is 37 minutes, and from Stavanger to Egersund is 1 hour and 7 minutes. Class 72 is a series of 36 four car electric multiple units built by AnsaldoBreda. The units are permanently	permanently	ADV	coupled	VERB	 coupled
Blaine finished with 42, Washburne had 5, John Sherman had 3, and the remaining were split amongst other minor candidates. Garfield was so overwhelmed with emotion after winning the nomination that an Inter Ocean reporter noted that he looked " pale as death, and seemed	seemed	VERB	to	PART	 to
Annual average maximum and minimum temperature is 31.5° C (88.7° F) and 16.2° C (61.2° F), respectively. Relative humidity varies from 5 to 100%. Hisar is located on the outer margins of the south west monsoon region.	.	PUNCT	The	DET	 The
It is a Grade II listed building, a national designation given to " buildings of special interest, which warrant every effort being made to preserve them ", in particular because it is regarded as " a distinctive example of pre archaeological gothic revival work. " The	The	DET	19th	ADJ	 19th
This small self contained house includes a hall and kitchen at ground level, with private chambers above, and has a projecting spiral stair on the north side. It is named for Thomas Forbes of Waterton, an attendant of the 7th Earl. The palace, to	to	ADP	the	DET	 the
He was also inspired by the unsettling atmosphere of EarthBound (1994). Fox's desire to " subvert concepts that go unquestioned in many games " further influenced Undertale's development. Fox found that the writing became easier after establishing a character's voice and mood.	.	PUNCT	He	PRON	 He
Her fascination with the sport stemmed from a much earlier time pre dating her decision to concentrate on breeding dogs but it was particularly the breeding aspect of racehorses she was drawn to. Nagle owned the winner of the Newport Nursery Handicap in 1932, a horse named Solano	Solano	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
Two years later, in November 1961, Illingworth was selected for Jack Potter's XI in an invitational one day single innings match against Bill Lawry's XI at Junction Oval. Both sides featured current Test players, including Lawry, Ian Meckiff and Lindsay Kline. Illingworth	Illingworth	PROPN	made	VERB	 made
This source of internal heat disappeared following tidal locking and circularization of the orbit. Two types of mechanisms have been proposed for Triton's capture. To be gravitationally captured by a planet, a passing body must lose sufficient energy to be slowed down to a speed less	less	ADJ	than	ADP	 than
Lyrically, the song is an optimistic track about how a relationship will last as Madonna says " the road looks lonely but that's just Satan's game ". " X Static Process ", the eighth track, starts once again with acoustic guitars and throughout there	there	PRON	are	VERB	 are
The segment of the freeway between I 70 and E 470 is listed on the National Highway System (NHS), a system of roads that are important to the nation's economy, defense and mobility. The portion between E 470 and the airport is listed as	as	ADP	a	DET	 a
". Phineas has received mostly positive reviews. Emily Ashby of Common Sense Media describes Phineas as " boisterous, " and he and Ferb as " partner [s] in crime. " Susan Stewart, reviewing the show in the New York Times, notes that	that	SCONJ	Phineas	PROPN	 Phineas
As Sarah expresses relief that the ordeal is over, the Terminator explains that to ensure that he is not used for reverse engineering he must also be destroyed. It asks Sarah to assist in lowering it into the vat of molten steel, since it is unable to	to	PART	"	PUNCT	 "
She was the sister ship of Siboney but the two were not part of a ship class. In her varied career, she was also known as USAT Orizaba in service for the United States Army, as SS Orizaba in interwar civilian service for the Ward Line,	,	PUNCT	and	CCONJ	 and
When Ned became acting governor for eight months in February 1949, Mary found Government House to be in a state of disrepair. She successfully lobbied James Kennedy for funds for its refurbishment, and supervised the work personally. A foundation member of the Toorak College council in	in	ADP	1927	NUM	 1927
" F. F. Bruce argues that The presence of Messiah at God's right hand means that for His people there was now a way of access to God more immediate and heart satisfying than the obsolete temple ritual had ever been able to provide. Karl Barth says that	that	SCONJ	the	DET	 the
... I Did It Again (2000). The show opened with a skit in which the dancers came out of lockers and stayed in the stage until a bell rang. They all sat until a female teacher voice started calling their names. After the teacher called	called	VERB	Spears	PROPN	 Spears
Tooley is heavily critical of the book and of Claiborne, writing, " On so many different levels, Claiborne lacks moral and spiritual perspective. " Tooley argues that Jesus for President is selective in its quotations from Church Fathers and instead relies heavily on the teachings of	of	ADP	heterodox	ADJ	 heterodox
There is a plaque dedicated in their honor at the mouth of Hall's Creek. They renamed the settlement " The Bend ". The Bend remained an agricultural settlement for nearly 80 more years. Even by 1836, there were only 20 households in the community.	.	PUNCT	At	ADP	 At
Some of the original programmers helped with the implementation of the localization, and it underwent unspecified adjustments. The game released in Europe on February 24, 2012. It received a limited edition, featuring a CD with seven music tracks and an artbook. It was also	also	ADV	released	VERB	 released
" The supporters responded with chants of " We're Hull City, we'll die when we want " during that day's home match against Liverpool. Manager Steve Bruce credited the controversy for creating " a fantastic atmosphere " but added, " I have got to	to	PART	have	VERB	 have
Veronica talks to a teacher and finds out that Lianne and that teacher spread false rumors around the school and got suspended because of it. Weevil gets duct taped to the flagpole. Veronica asks Vice Principal Clemmons about who might have known her mom in high school.	.	PUNCT	Veronica	PROPN	 Veronica
Butler had the advantage of giving the party leader's keynote address to the conference in Macmillan's absence, but was widely thought to have wasted the opportunity by delivering an uninspiring speech. Hailsham put off many potential backers by his extrovert, and some thought vulgar,	,	PUNCT	campaigning	VERB	 campaigning
By the early 18th century, Sandsfoot was in ruins, its stonework taken for use in local building projects. The clay cliffs on which the castle had been built had always been unstable and subject to erosion. The castle's gun platform began to collapse into the	the	DET	sea	NOUN	 sea
Eventually, Todd and Marty have sex; Todd insists that he has always been in love with Marty and plots to steal his daughter's baby (who is also Marty's grandchild), run off with Marty and the baby, and raise the baby with her	her	PRON	.	PUNCT	.
Some 17,316 people worked at the Trafford Park plant, including 7,260 women and two resident doctors and nurses. Merlin production started to run down in August 1945, and finally ceased on 23 March 1946. Total Merlin production at Trafford Park was 30,428. As the Merlin	Merlin	PROPN	was	AUX	 was
This resulted in certain critics vilifying Fellini for, as they saw it, reverting to prewar attitudes of individualism, mysticism and preoccupation with " pure style ". Fellini vigorously responded to this criticism: " Certain people still think neorealism is fit to show only certain kinds	kinds	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
The maximum authorized sentence under the charges was two years imprisonment and a $10,000 fine. All five made bail of $1,500 each. The trial began on February 6, 1940 before Judge Patrick Thomas Stone, of the Western District of Wisconsin, sitting by designation	designation	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
The second single from the album, " Shut Up and Drive ", was serviced to contemporary hit radio in the US on June 12 and rhythmic radio the following week. The song received mixed response from critics: some praised the composition, while others criticized the	the	DET	lyrics	NOUN	 lyrics
Enter the Wu Tang (36 Chambers) is one of the most influential albums in hip hop history. Adam Heimlich of the New York Press considers the album a touchstone of hardcore hip hop, a gritty, stripped down, dark and violent subgenre of hip hop	hop	NOUN	and	CCONJ	 and
According to a 1996 article published by the UP Diliman APO website, the run originated when an unnamed APO member ran naked inside the campus to promote an APO sponsored play called Hubad na Bayani (Tagalog for Naked Hero). The play is dedicated to Rolly Abad	Abad	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
We knew we would win – and so too did those fans – and our performance that day was quite brilliant. The same squad of players carried their promotion form into the 1955 – 56 season in the First Division, achieving the club's highest league finish of	of	ADP	sixth	ADJ	 sixth
The United States Environmental Protection Agency, working with the NRC and state, removed the cobalt 60 from the site for disposal at the low level radioactive waste facility in Barnwell, South Carolina, in September 2003. Scientech continued decontamination work and demolished the hot cells;	;	PUNCT	much	ADJ	 much
They sewed jewels into the family's clothing, hoping it would not be discovered by the authorities. They were permitted to board a train without incident in the first week of June 1917. After two weeks in Haiko, the family moved to a rented house in	in	ADP	Porvoo	PROPN	 Porvoo
Commonly consumed fish and seafood include cod, canned sardines, fresh sardines, canned tuna, fresh tuna, salmon, trout, mussels, herring, oysters, shrimp and calamari. Eggs are fine quality and often eaten as: omelettes, hard boiled with mayonnaise,	,	PUNCT	scrambled	VERB	 scrambled
In order to make this fit, Honda eschewed the use of a centrifugal fan in its single stage compressor in favour of using several smaller fans positioned at intervals along a shaft. Although this would limit the ability of the turbocharger to build up the maximum amount of	of	ADP	boost	NOUN	 boost
Two live versions of the song recorded during Dylan's 1966 tour of England have been released. His performance of the song at London's Royal Albert Hall on May 26, 1966 appeared on Biograph, released in 1985. Asked by Cameron Crowe, for the liner	liner	NOUN	notes	NOUN	 notes
However, in the 21st century, the anonymity of online communication and general popularity of social networking online has facilitated the formation of a community built around a common asexual identity. The Asexual Visibility and Education Network (AVEN) is an organization founded by American asexuality activist	activist	NOUN	David	PROPN	 David
At the time of his last major league game, Henderson was still in the all time top 100 home run hitters, with 297. Bill James wrote in 2000, " Without exaggerating one inch, you could find fifty Hall of Famers who, all taken together	together	ADV	,	PUNCT	,
Since 2004, Roosevelt has consistently been rated " Excellent " by the Ohio Department of Education and in December 2009, US News & World Report named Roosevelt in the 2010 " Best High Schools " issue as a Bronze Medal school. The school earned a " Bronze	Bronze	PROPN	Medal	PROPN	 Medal
He also studied at the Stefan Batory University in Wilno and rebuilt his family estate, ruined during the war. He then took officer training courses. He was assigned to a cavalry regiment in 1926 as ensign, or the second lieutenant of the reserves. While in	in	ADP	the	DET	 the
Spirited Away had very little marketing, less than Disney's other B films, with at most, 151 theaters showing the film in 2002. After the 2003 Oscars, it expanded to as many as 714 theaters. The film grossed US $449,839 in its opening	opening	NOUN	weekend	NOUN	 weekend
After graduating from Duba Elementary School in Tainan County, Hsu attended Tsengwen Junior High School (曾文中學; now the Madou Junior High School), where he was a classmate of former President of the Republic of China (Taiwan) Chen Shui bian for four years.	.	PUNCT	He	PRON	 He
In quantum computation, information is represented by quantum bits, or qubits. The qubits may decohere quickly before useful computation is completed. This serious problem must be solved before quantum computation may be realized. The superconducting Josephson junction qubits, the spintronic qubits using the spin	spin	NOUN	orientation	NOUN	 orientation
Some mtDNA haplotypes have been found in DNA samples obtained from wild horses in prehistoric deposits, while other mtDNA haplotypes have only been found in domesticated horses, from both living individuals and archeological finds. The Exmoor pony has a high frequency of pre domestication mtDNA haplotypes,	,	PUNCT	but	CCONJ	 but
New Zealanders, informally known as " Kiwis ", predominantly live in urban areas on the North Island. The five largest cities are Auckland (with one third of the country's population), Christchurch (in the South Island, the largest island of the New	New	PROPN	Zealand	PROPN	 Zealand
It had initially been defined as having " a lot of producers from a lot of genres in there. " Pet Shop Boys were originally asked by Warner to write and produce some songs for the album. Timbaland referred to the album as being " like ' Holiday	Holiday	PROPN	'	PUNCT	 '
Both men temporarily walked away from the bargaining table, and indicated after the session that the entire season might be canceled. Although the 1998 portion of the schedule was not played because of the lockout, 16 NBA players participated in a December 19 exhibition game in Atlantic	Atlantic	PROPN	City	PROPN	 City
At the 2005 IPC Nordic Skiing World Championships, this class was grouped with other standing skiing classifications. In cross country, this class was eligible to compete in the men and women's 5 km, 10 km and 20 km individual race. In the men and	and	CCONJ	women	NOUN	 women
In 2006, Comedy Central received a Peabody Award for South Park's " stringent social commentary " and " undeniably fearless lampooning of all that is self important and hypocritical in American life ". In 2013, the Writers Guild of America ranked South Park at number 63	63	NUM	among	ADP	 among
It has the largest number of postgraduate students in the university, and the second in number of tenured professors. It offers 10 undergraduate programs which includes the degrees of Physician and Surgeon, Nurse, and Dentist, 3 graduate diplomas in medical administration, 22 medical specialties	specialties	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
' " Both moral and natural evil occurs, Augustine argued, owing to an evil use of free will, which could be traced back to Adam and Eve's original sin. He believed that this evil will, present in the human soul, was a corruption	corruption	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
Will Tuttle of GameSpy questioned whether Harmonix limited the number of songs on release knowing that there would be a market for the game's downloadable content in the near future. The low number of songs, along with the new themed instrument controllers, were found to make	make	VERB	the	DET	 the
In The Guardian, Alexis Petridis praised West's topicality and subversive studio production, writing that " Late Registration suggests an artist effortlessly outstripping his peers: more ideas, better lyrics, bigger hooks, greater depth. " The Observer viewed the album as a significant milestone	milestone	NOUN	in	ADP	 in
Later, the two agents sit in Mulder's apartment talking about the events of the last few days. Mulder begins to speak more existentially about what transpired, implying that fate has brought them together but, when he turns to look at Scully, he sees that	that	SCONJ	she	PRON	 she
They asked for some time to rehearse, but Phillips refused, saying, " For seventeen and six 17 / 6d you're not here all day ". Lowe and Hanton busked through the song, which was cut short by Phillips waving his hands to indicate that	that	SCONJ	the	DET	 the
Swinefield was elected to the see of Hereford, or bishopric, on 1 October 1282. The election was confirmed by John Peckham, the Archbishop of Canterbury on 31 December 1282, and Swinefield was given custody of the spiritualities and temporalities, or the ecclesiastical and lay	lay	VERB	income	NOUN	 income
Excavations such as those to make the waterworks basins or the marina have destroyed habitats, but yearly artificial replenishment with sand helps to create new ones. One area within the park is closed to all public use from April to November to minimize the impact of humans:	:	PUNCT	it	PRON	 it
He was taken to a nearby hotel to be treated for his wounds. As expected, the contest committee recommended invalidating enough votes to make Goebel governor, and the General Assembly voted to certify the recommendation. Goebel was sworn in as governor, but he died on	on	ADP	February	PROPN	 February
By August, many firms had gone bankrupt, and a special session of Congress convened, called by Cleveland to repeal the silver purchase act. Bryan, who was still in Congress, spoke eloquently against the repeal, but Cleveland forced it through. The President's	's	PART	uncompromising	VERB	 uncompromising
: 16 In most jumping spiders, the middle pair of secondary eyes is very small and has no known function, but those of Portia are relatively large, and function as well as those of the other secondary eyes.: 424: 232 Jumping spiders ' main	main	ADJ	eyes	NOUN	 eyes
Pratchett died at his home on the morning of 12 March 2015 from his Alzheimer's, according to his publisher. The Telegraph reported an unidentified source as saying that despite his previous discussion of assisted suicide, his death had been natural. After Pratchett's death,	,	PUNCT	his	PRON	 his
Young pigeye sharks are potentially vulnerable to predation by larger sharks. The natural mortality for juveniles in Cleveland Bay has been measured at no more than 5% per year; this rate is comparable to that in juvenile bull sharks, and is much lower than in juvenile	juvenile	ADJ	blacktip	NOUN	 blacktip
At the same time he designed actor portraits for battledores sold by a shop called Meirindo. His teacher gave him the name " Kazunobu ". It may have been on the recommendation of Chikanobu that the boy was accepted the following year as an apprentice in the studio	studio	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
Upon graduating from UAB's program, Scrushy was offered a position teaching at the university, where he was promoted to director during his two and a half year tenure. Scrushy divorced his wife, with whom he had two children, and took a position teaching at	at	ADP	Wallace	PROPN	 Wallace
The train exits the brake run with a left turn into a dive loop. A left turn leads the train into the final brake run, before returning to the enclosed station. Abyss has been well received. Edwin Dickinson of the Australian Coaster Club praised Abyss for	for	ADP	its	PRON	 its
They also use specially made instruments to aid them in the identification process. Two screening instruments are the DiamondSure and the DiamondView, both produced by the DTC and marketed by the GIA. Several methods for identifying synthetic diamonds can be performed, depending on the method of	of	ADP	production	NOUN	 production
U.S. reconnaissance aircraft spotted the approach of the Japanese ships and passed a warning to the Allied command. Thus warned, Turner detached all usable combat ships to protect the troops ashore from the expected Japanese naval attack and troop landing and ordered the supply ships at Guadalcanal to	to	PART	depart	VERB	 depart
The 2001 census showed that the suburb had a total population of 4,658, of whom 2,268 were male and 2,390 were female. The average age was 39.7 years. 68.27% of [adult] residents are married, with 20.81% having never married. 73.97%	%	NOUN	declared	VERB	 declared
Predators outside the cane toad's native range include the whistling kite (Haliastur sphenurus), the rakali (Hydromys chrysogaster), the black rat (Rattus rattus) and the water monitor (Varanus salvator). The tawny frogmouth (Podargus strigoides) and the Papuan	Papuan	PROPN	frogmouth	NOUN	 frogmouth
The route was decommissioned in July, 2014. NY 191 began at an intersection with NY 22 and Miner Farm Road (CR 23) in the Clinton County hamlet of Sciota, located within the town of Chazy. The route headed to the northeast as a two	two	NUM	lane	NOUN	 lane
Slayer released Eternal Pyre on June 6 as a limited edition EP. Eternal Pyre featured the song " Cult ", a live performance of " War Ensemble " in Germany and video footage of the band recording " Cult ". Five thousand copies were released and sold	sold	VERB	exclusively	ADV	 exclusively
Coming Far! (for violin and orchestra, 1980) that would recur throughout his later works: I wanted to plan a tonal " sea ". Here the " sea " is E flat [Es in German nomenclature] -E A, a three note ascending	ascending	VERB	motive	NOUN	 motive
River discharges are the single biggest source of nutrients, providing significant pollution of the Reef during tropical flood events with over 90% of this pollution being sourced from farms. As of 1995, water visibility had decreased to 10 metres. Due to the range of human	human	ADJ	uses	NOUN	 uses
He was the founder and editor of one of the first theological journals on Buddhist Christian encounter called Dialogue (1961 – 1981), chief translator for the revision of the Old Testament of the Sinhalese Bible published as New Sinhala Bible (1973 – 1982), and	and	CCONJ	director	NOUN	 director
Dowding later wrote a memo considering several aircraft for the role, rejecting the Boulton Paul Defiant two seat fighter due to its cramped rear turret area. He was sure the Bristol Beaufighter would be perfect for the role, but it would not be ready for some time	time	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
To this end, he fights using his sakabatō (A reversed edge sword). After finishing his job as the murderer " Hitokiri Battōsai " in the Ishin Shishi, Kenshin assumes the life of a wanderer. Ten years after the Revolution, he arrives in Tokyo	Tokyo	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
The motorway is of major importance to Croatia in terms of its development of the economy of Croatia, most notably in tourism, as it represents the shortest and the most convenient route between Trieste, Italy or Ljubljana, Slovenia and the Adriatic Sea. This particularly applies	applies	VERB	to	ADP	 to
Powell had moved closer to Bolt's world record after setting a new personal best of 9.72 s, reaffirming his status as Bolt's main contender. Bolt's final event of the season came three days later at the Golden League final in Brussels. This was the	the	DET	first	ADJ	 first
The group changed its name to Chorion in 1998, but after financial difficulties in 2012 sold its assets. Hachette UK acquired from Chorion world rights in the Blyton estate in March 2013, including The Famous Five series but excluding the rights to Noddy, which had been	been	AUX	sold	VERB	 sold
During the ceremony, Hill broke another record by becoming the first woman to win five times in one night, taking home the awards for Album of the Year, Best R & B Album, Best R & B Song, Best Female R & B Vocal Performance	Performance	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
He joined fellow Conference Premier team York City on loan until the end of the season on 22 January 2009, after having made 20 appearances and scored one goal for Wrexham up to that point during the season. Following the move, Mackin said " I need a	a	DET	change	NOUN	 change
Unfortunately for the beneficiary, the attendance was affected by the semi final of the Mayor's Charity Cup between Aston Villa and West Bromwich Albion being played the same day. Friendlies against First Division Stoke and West Bromwich Albion produced wins by 4 – 2 and 4 –	–	SYM	1	NUM	 1
Construction for the Har Mar Mall began in 1961, when Harold J. Slawik had a vision to build a " super mall ", similar to shopping centers he had seen while traveling in Florida. Deriving its name from its owners – Harold J. Slawik and his wife	wife	NOUN	Marie	PROPN	 Marie
Planché died at his home in Chelsea on 30 May 1880 at the age of 84. His wealth at the time of his death was under £1000. Planché " greatly enjoyed moving in society and meeting the well known ". He was a regular attender at	at	ADP	conversaziones	NOUN	 conversaziones
For anti aircraft target practice, crewmen were firing the ship's 20 mm guns at a kite that was being towed behind the ship. One of them shot it down, but also accidentally hit the depth charges on the stern — a direct consequence of the lack	lack	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
The album, which was slated for release on August 28, 2015, was later pushed back by a week. On May 19, 2015, the band announced a co headlining North American Tour with longtime friends Papa Roach. They will be promoting the upcoming album	album	NOUN	and	CCONJ	 and
At the moment of the fight Margarito was the mandatory challenger appointed by the World Boxing Organization, and it was televised on Showtime Too. The fight ended in at the 2: 11 mark on the first round when the fight was stopped due to a large injury	injury	NOUN	over	ADP	 over
Directed by John Holmquist and written by Steve Callaghan, the episode originally aired on Fox in the United States on February 14, 2010. In " Extra Large Medium ", the show's main character, Peter, discovers that he has supposedly developed " extrasensory perception	perception	NOUN	"	PUNCT	 "
The Quarrymen — John Lennon, Paul McCartney, George Harrison, and Ken Brown — went to the club to arrange their first booking, to which Mona agreed, but said she needed to finish painting the club first. All four took up brushes and helped Mona	Mona	PROPN	to	PART	 to
He took 14 wickets in 10 matches in that tournament. In March 2016, English side Sussex announced that they had signed Rahman as their second overseas player for the T20 Blast competition. He picked up 4 wickets while giving away only 23 runs in his debut match	match	NOUN	against	ADP	 against
" Sargent stated that the song " sounds nothing like the chrome plated crunk & b nor the moonlit balladry that Ciara has staked her name on. " Musically, the song is a dance pop R & B number which makes use of electro and funk music,	,	PUNCT	as	ADV	 as
These investigations used acetic acid as the solvent and demonstrated that sodium acetate behaves as a base under these conditions. This observation is consistent with Brønsted – Lowry acid – base theory (published in 1923) but can not be explained under older Arrhenius theory approaches. Later	Later	ADV	work	VERB	 work
The demonstration game is used throughout the rules presentation to help explain how to play the game. With the feedback received from players after the release of Nightmare, Brett Clements and Phillip Tanner started work on the major update to the series. They struck a deal with	with	ADP	J.	PROPN	 J.
In 1959, the Farmington bypass freeway was given the I 96 designation in addition to the US 16 moniker, and the business route was redesignated as BL I 96 two years later. In 1977, as the Jeffries Freeway was completed, I 96 was rerouted south	south	ADV	through	ADP	 through
She was launched again on 6 October. On 18 November 1917 the U boat sailed for Pola, where she was commissioned as SM U 22 on 23 November under the command of Linienschiffsleutnant Josef Holub. The 31 year old Galician had been assigned to U 22 in	in	ADP	February	PROPN	 February
Selvo was motivated not only by his familial ties and the promise of reward, but also the realization that Norman control over the Strait of Otranto would be just as great of a threat to Venetian power in the region as it would be to their ally in the	the	DET	east	NOUN	 east
Balzac had previously only published potboiler novels under a variety of pseudonyms, books designed to excite readers and sell copies. He had also engaged in a series of ill fated speculative investments, which left him in considerable debt. Nevertheless, he believed in his skills as	as	ADP	a	DET	 a
In March 2001, the Government published a technical note A Review of Small Business Taxation, which considered simplification of corporation tax for small companies through the closer alignment of their profits for tax purposes with those reported in their accounts. In July of that year, the	the	DET	Government	PROPN	 Government
We've decided to do something about it... [We] think competition is healthy, but competitors should create their own original technology, not steal ours ". The ITC rejected all but one of Apple's claims, however, ruling for Apple on a single	single	ADJ	claim	NOUN	 claim
No. 9 OG would take most of the credit for the RAAF reaching a peak of 254 tons of bombs dropped in October, as against 137 tons delivered the previous month. On 8 November, Hewitt sent out a formation of three Bristol Beauforts in a severe	severe	ADJ	electrical	ADJ	 electrical
Washington D.C. and parts of Maryland and Delaware were put on a Coastal Flood Watch and Flash Flood Watch by the National Weather Service in preparation for Ernesto. Shortly before Ernesto developed into a tropical cyclone, the precursor tropical wave produced sustained winds of 37 mph (60	60	NUM	km	NOUN	 km
On May 10 Howard Bond of the Space Telescope Science Institute published his discovery, which was later confirmed to be the burst's optical afterglow. On the night between May 10 and May 11, 1997, Metzger's colleague Charles Steidel recorded the spectrum of the variable	variable	ADJ	object	NOUN	 object
" She declared her support for same sex marriage in August 2015. In July 2013, Gillard signed a book deal for her memoirs with Penguin Australia. The autobiography, My Story, was published in 2014 by Random House. In the book, Gillard reflects on	on	ADP	various	ADJ	 various
These works (including three known as the Ife marbles), were sent by Carter to Europe. Carter was transferred to Bahamas as Governor and Commander in Chief in 1898, and after a temporary transfer to Trinidad, in July 1904 he was transferred to the Barbados	Barbados	PROPN	as	ADP	 as
I didn't know what the beat was for; I just knew Eminem asked me for the files and I sent it to them.... When I saw Eminem in L.A. for Grammy weekend, Eminem said, ' Yeah, he ripped the track. ' Later on	on	ADP	that	DET	 that
The Cornish people in particular were actively encouraged to emigrate to Australia following the demise of Cornish mining in the 19th century. A " vigorous recruiting campaign " was launched to encourage the Cornish to aid with mining in Australia because of their experience and expertise. Free passage	passage	NOUN	to	ADP	 to
The temperature of the belt is only about 50 K, so many compounds that would be gaseous closer to the Sun remain solid. The densities and rock – ice fractions are known for only a small number of objects for which the diameters and the masses have been	been	AUX	determined	VERB	 determined
" The newspaper was not the only group concerned and many plays were soon cancelled. Matters were complicated by mass illnesses spreading across London; the epidemic, probably flu, reduced the number of actors able to work and many plays were cancelled. Even Henry Fielding's	's	PART	play	NOUN	 play
He considers John Betjeman and Stevie Smith as two writers who successfully achieved this. Hammill believes that Gibbons should be named alongside these two, since in her writings she rejects the stereotypical view of suburbia as unexciting, conventional and limited. Instead, says Hammill, "	"	PUNCT	Gibbons	PROPN	 Gibbons
Beach front cottages on St. Teresa were either damaged or destroyed and several beach dunes on St. George Island were washed away by the pounding surf. On Holiday Island, several houses and apartment buildings were severely damaged. On Santa Rosa Island, the hurricane produced a storm	storm	NOUN	surge	NOUN	 surge
Cover art was unveiled on November 30, 2006. A commercial to promote the album was released on January 4, 2007. Pre orders were taken starting January 16. The album was released in the US on January 22, while the UK release occurred a week	week	NOUN	later	ADV	 later
By now Dyer's vaudeville bookings were far outnumbering his boxing appearances and in the latter half of 1919 he faced only a handful of opponents in paid boxing matches. These included a newspaper decision loss to Steve Latzo in May and a win over Johnny Evans in New	New	PROPN	Jersey	PROPN	 Jersey
The first tropical cyclone of the season, Yasi, developed on January 12 as a tropical depression before it was named on January 16. As a tropical cyclone, Yasi brought significant rain to both Fiji and Tonga before it dissipated on January 19 to the south of	of	ADP	Papette	PROPN	 Papette
The Beatles ' booking agent, Allan Williams, decided to send the group to Hamburg when another group he managed, Derry and the Seniors, proved successful there. Having no permanent drummer at the time, they recruited Best a few days before their departure. After	After	ADP	breaking	VERB	 breaking
The first documentary based on a Telugu film, it provided a " holistic view of the film " and featured interviews with the cast and crew and segments on its sound and filming locations. The documentary was released on 5 October 2014, coinciding with Siva's silver	silver	ADJ	anniversary	NOUN	 anniversary
Lithuania followed on 30 July, and Ukraine, Latvia, Iceland, and Germany in December 1991. The EEC countries granted Croatia recognition on 15 January 1992, and the United Nations admitted them in May 1992. Although it is not a public holiday, 15 January	January	PROPN	is	AUX	 is
After an incomplete pass, Druckenmiller completed a pass to Jennings, who fell down short of the first down marker. The Hokies punted, but Texas was called for a five yard running into the kicker penalty and Tech opted to re kick. After the second kick	kick	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
Other reviewers gave a more positive response, but a particularly scathing review by columnist Virginia Blackburn was published in the Daily Express. On its first showing, " Last Gasp " drew 872,000 viewers, lower than any previous episode. Pemberton subsequently sold a balloon containing his	his	PRON	own	ADJ	 own
The wreck was partially scrapped in the 1950s, but around one third of it still remains. The YB 17s quickly became obsolete and were transferred in October 1940 to the 19th Bomb Group at March Field, California, when the 2d BG acquired newer models. During	During	ADP	World	PROPN	 World
From 1977, there were two trains an hour, one fast and one slow. In May 1980, the buffet cars were withdrawn from the 6B units, which were recoded as 5L, but retaining the Class 203 designation. The fast trains were withdrawn in January	January	PROPN	1981	NUM	 1981
" After filming for the entry ceased, he was allowed to personally work with the series ' editor. The episode's original cut was 10 minutes too long, resulting in multiple scenes with Bruckman and Scully being removed from the episode. " Clyde Bruckman's Final	Final	PROPN	Repose	PROPN	 Repose
The other two books were published by W. Bruining & Co., based in the colonial capital at Batavia (now Jakarta). One of these, Malajoe Batawi, was a grammar of Malay intended to standardise the language's spelling. The other was the four volume	volume	NOUN	syair	NOUN	 syair
" The case was later dismissed by a superior court judge in September. Beyoncé performed " Why Don't You Love Me " live for the first time the 2011 Glastonbury Festival on June 26, 2011. During the performance she danced with her male backup dancers and	and	CCONJ	the	DET	 the
Christianity had spread throughout Europe, Africa, and the Middle East in Late Antiquity, but by the early 8th century Christian rule had become limited to Europe and Anatolia after the Muslim conquests. The Umayyad Caliphate had conquered Syria, Egypt, and North Africa from the	the	DET	predominantly	ADV	 predominantly
At the same time, Kamikawa Maru packed up and departed Deboyne. At noon on 11 May, a U.S. Navy PBY on patrol from Nouméa sighted the drifting Neosho (15° 35′ S 155° 36′ E). The U.S. destroyer Henley responded and rescued 109	109	NUM	Neosho	PROPN	 Neosho
These practices produced large cemeteries of mummified animals, such as the catacombs around the Serapeum of Saqqara where the Apis bulls were buried along with millions of animal offerings. By the beginning of the New Kingdom, and quite possibly earlier, the festival procession had become an	an	DET	opportunity	NOUN	 opportunity
However, the use of outside musicians on the Byrds ' debut single has given rise to the persistent myth that all of the playing on their debut album was done by session musicians. While the band waited for " Mr. Tambourine Man " to be released, they	they	PRON	began	VERB	 began
Deducing that S.H.I.E.L.D. agent Jasper Sitwell is a Hydra mole, they force him to divulge that Zola developed a data mining algorithm that can identify individuals who might become future threats to Hydra's plans. The Insight Helicarriers will sweep the globe, using satellite guided guns to	to	PART	eliminate	VERB	 eliminate
He believed all legal proceedings should be held in public, quoting Jeremy Bentham when he said that " in the darkness of secrecy all sorts of things can go wrong. If things are really done in public you can see that the judge does behave himself, the	the	DET	newspapers	NOUN	 newspapers
How great that victory was, however, is open to question, because on his return Maslama was ambushed by the Khazars, whereupon the Arabs simply abandoned their baggage train and fled headlong through the Darial Pass to safety. In the aftermath of this campaign, Maslama	Maslama	PROPN	was	AUX	 was
Card Mondor purchased the rights to exhibit the film in New Zealand and Australia during the mid 1960s, almost twenty years after the film's debut. In the late 1970s, a story on Babb by the Press Enterprise estimated that the film had been dubbed into 18	18	NUM	languages	NOUN	 languages
Hammerstein was eager to do so, and their first collaboration was Oklahoma! (1943). Thomas Hischak states, in his The Rodgers and Hammerstein Encyclopedia, that Oklahoma! is " the single most influential work in the American musical theatre. In fact, the	the	DET	history	NOUN	 history
The word piercing can refer to the act or practice of body piercing, or to an opening in the body created by this act or practice. Although the history of body piercing is obscured by popular misinformation and by a lack of scholarly reference, ample evidence exists	exists	VERB	to	PART	 to
The emperor's scheme received support mostly from the Church, reinforced by the arrival of victims of renewed persecutions from Africa. Only the powerful minister John the Cappadocian dared to openly voice his opposition to the expedition, however, and Justinian disregarded it and pressed on with	with	ADP	his	PRON	 his
Instead of an " Equals " button, there is an " Enter " button that tells the calculator when a value has been entered, and then the operators are entered in after the operands. For example, on some devices to evaluate " (1 + 2	2	NUM	)	PUNCT	)
Marked structural improvements took place on October 17 and the NHC assessed a high probability of the system becoming a tropical cyclone within 48 hours. That evening, corroborating data from ships, satellite imagery, and scatterometer estimates indicated the formation of a tropical depression by 12:	:	SYM	00	PUNCT	 00
Robert Walton / The Creature (Evan Strand) – A combination of both Robert Walton and Frankenstein's monster from the novel, Walton is the camera operator for Frankenstein's vlog. He dies and is reanimated by her experiments. Lon Harris, a producer and writer	writer	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
This gave increased revenue, but the company had to start compensating rejected passengers with a full refund and a free seat on the next flight. On 16 December 1985, the airline's administration moved into the a new building, the Diamond, located at Fornebu.	.	PUNCT	The	DET	 The
This was on the fourteenth day of the ninth month in the seventeenth year of the Reign of Xuan He, and his age was seventy nine... Buddhist and Taoist Priests were asked to come and chant prayers, for seven times seven, namely forty nine days.	.	PUNCT	Then	ADV	 Then
" Within the initiatory system of the ONA, there is an emphasis on practitioners adopting " insight roles " in which they work undercover among a politically extreme group for a period of six to eighteen months, thus gaining experience in something different from their normal life.	.	PUNCT	Among	ADP	 Among
Maddy tries to help but he keeps referring to Maddy as his daughter. At the end of the episode, it is revealed that everything that happened since Maddy was stabbed was actually a dream and that Maddy actually died in Chantelle's attack. This whole episode was	was	AUX	Maddy	PROPN	 Maddy
It concludes with the newlyweds setting off for Vladimir's court, which Miošić places in the Herzegovinian city of Trebinje. The Greek akolouthia on Saint Jovan Vladimir, containing his hagiography, prayers to him, and hymns to be chanted in church services on his feast day	day	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
If 100% of the game is completed, an additional ending will be unlocked. The game features a fork in its plot, allowing the player to make a choice that changes what scenes they see and the number of percentage points they acquire afterward. It is	is	AUX	impossible	ADJ	 impossible
The modern commercial centre lies to the west in the neighbourhood of Jouret al Shayyah, and further west are the upscale neighbourhoods of Qusoor, al Mahatta and al Ghouta. The suburb of al Waer is located even further west, separated from the city by areas of	of	ADP	farmland	NOUN	 farmland
As with the other two primary races, the Zerg are the subject of a full campaign in each of the series ' real time strategy video games. Zerg units are designed to be cheap and fast to produce, encouraging players to overwhelm their opponents with sheer numerical	numerical	ADJ	advantage	NOUN	 advantage
After 72 years in the Forum, they moved to the Bell Centre in 1996. The club struggled during the Great Depression, nearly relocating to Cleveland, Ohio, in 1935 and contemplated suspending operations in 1939. Their fortunes rebounded following World War II as they reached	reached	VERB	the	DET	 the
He was a relative of a number of English ecclesiastics, including Gilbert Foliot, one of his predecessors at Hereford. After serving Alexander, Bishop of Lincoln as a clerk, he became a clerk of Henry of Blois, the Bishop of Winchester and brother of King	King	PROPN	Stephen	PROPN	 Stephen
The volume, pitch, tempo and order of notes can be changed depending on the message the Australian raven intends to convey. There are a variety of contact calls: a pair often makes a low murmuring sound when preening each other while roosting, and members of	of	ADP	a	DET	 a
Wallace Wolodarsky had seen the 1991 version of Cape Fear and pitched the idea of spoofing the film. Jon Vitti was then assigned to write a parody of the original Cape Fear film from 1962 as well as the remake (both films are based on the 1957 novel	novel	NOUN	by	ADP	 by
On July 6, 2012, Warner Bros. held a special IMAX screening of The Dark Knight Rises for more than one hundred reporters and critics. However, technical issues with the computer device synchronizing the sound and picture forced the studio to postpone the screening by a day	day	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
" The Times correspondent assessed, " Arsenal won because they sneaked a commanding lead of three goals, before Manchester had realised they were in London, " and concluded the piece with the sentence " It had been a game worthy of the occasion and of two fine	fine	ADJ	clubs	NOUN	 clubs
When these downdrafts reach the surface, they spread out and turn into the destructive straight horizontal winds. Most thunderstorms come and go fairly uneventfully; however, any thunderstorm can become severe, and all thunderstorms, by definition, present the danger of lightning. Thunderstorm preparedness	preparedness	NOUN	and	CCONJ	 and
Wong had earlier indicated his reluctance to stand in the by election, suggesting that the party consider the opportunity to field a younger candidate. Robert Lau Hui Yew and Wong Ho Leng were joined by an independent candidate, Narawi Haron. A businessman and former member of	of	ADP	the	DET	 the
Rescuers found ten of the crew members dead at the scene, and an eleventh alive and wandering around the crash site. He was transported to a hospital where he died the same day. Operations at the airport were not affected by the crash, with Somali Prime	Prime	PROPN	Minister	PROPN	 Minister
During his time at Lorient, he also trained at PEF Ploufragan, a regional academy located in the Brittany region that trained players similarly to the Clairefontaine academy in the Île de France. Further to his father's departure to Stade Rennais, Gourcuff, who initially considered	considered	VERB	rivals	NOUN	 rivals
On 9 February 2015, Bullet for My Valentine announced the departure of bassist Jason James, adding that they would announce a replacement when they felt " the time was right. " They went on to say that until the announcement, they'd be busy and focused	focused	VERB	on	ADP	 on
Sameness is resistance to change; for example, insisting that the furniture not be moved or refusing to be interrupted. Ritualistic behavior involves an unvarying pattern of daily activities, such as an unchanging menu or a dressing ritual. This is closely associated with sameness and an	an	DET	independent	ADJ	 independent
According to Walters, " The Zanesville convention represented the highest pinnicle of Foraker's power in Ohio politics. He had selected the platform, chosen the next governor and the complete ticket, and had secured for himself virtual election to the United States Senate. " Foraker	Foraker	PROPN	took	VERB	 took
The Volunteers ' rushing offense had been led by Aaron Hayden during the regular season, but Hayden broke his leg during Tennessee's final regular season game. Due to the injury, James Stewart was forecast to start the game at running back for the Volunteers. During	During	ADP	the	DET	 the
The novel ends eight months later as the people of Gracehope are slowly educated on global warming and the dangers of staying in their colony. First Light is categorized as a science fiction and mystery novel. Katie Haegele from the Philadelphia Inquirer also listed the novel as a	a	DET	"	PUNCT	 "
In absence of his family, he made new friends and acquaintances. Friends living nearby would come to his apartment for conversation and good food — cooking was Dunstan's hobby. Dunstan bought another house in 1974, partially financed from a then unpublished cookbook. In 1976	1976	NUM	,	PUNCT	,
After a systematic search they discovered the actual tomb of Tutankhamun (KV62) in November 1922. Various expeditions have continued to explore the valley, adding greatly to the knowledge of the area. In 2001 the Theban Mapping Project designed new signs for the tombs, providing	providing	VERB	information	NOUN	 information
The volume appeared later in the year under the title Battery Action!, written by Hugh R. Kay, George Magee, and F. A. MacLennan and illustrated with Frise's light hearted, humorous cartoons rendered in accurate detail. As the Star Weekly's circulation grew,	,	PUNCT	so	ADV	 so
He used X rays to investigate ferromagnetism, concluding that it was a result of the alignment of electron spins. In 1926, he became a consultant for the Lamp Department at General Electric. In 1934, he returned to England as Eastman visiting professor at Oxford University	University	PROPN	.	PUNCT	.
Many of his contributions were instrumental in preventing the destruction of the Southern Army. This was especially so during the famous " Race to the Dan ", when British General Charles Cornwallis chased Greene across 200 miles (320 km) of rough back country in January and	and	CCONJ	February	PROPN	 February
Other bands such as Mötley Crüe and Poison saw personnel changes which impacted those bands ' commercial viability during the decade. In 1995 Van Halen released Balance, a multi platinum seller that would be the band's last with Sammy Hagar on vocals. In 1996 David Lee	Lee	PROPN	Roth	PROPN	 Roth
Asbury strongly urged citizens to lay aside the use of alcohol. Likewise, the listed duties for Methodist preachers indicate that they should choose water as their common drink and use wine only in medicinal or sacramental contexts, with Coke and Asbury commenting that frequent fasting and abstinence	abstinence	NOUN	are	AUX	 are
Binder eventually worked on thirteen Bond films and after his death in 1991, the opening credits were done by Daniel Kleinman. This changed for Quantum of Solace, with the studio MK12 taking control. Kleinman returned to direct the Skyfall title sequence, and the title sequence	sequence	NOUN	for	ADP	 for
The ridges are smooth or very finely tomentose (covered with densely matted filaments). They are initially colorless, becoming pale tan, then dark grayish brown in maturity, eventually darkening to nearly black. They are flattened when young but sometimes become sharpened or eroded in	in	ADP	maturity	NOUN	 maturity
" Todd McCarthy from Variety called Ed Wood " a fanciful, sweet tempered biopic about the man often described as the worst film director of all time. Always engaging to watch and often dazzling in its imagination and technique, picture is also a bit distended, and	and	CCONJ	lacking	VERB	 lacking
She was cremated the same day, and her ashes were buried in the churchyard at Castle Seeon on 18 June 1984. Manahan died on 22 March 1990. In 1991, the bodies of Tsar Nicholas II, Tsarina Alexandra, and three of their daughters were exhumed	exhumed	VERB	from	ADP	 from
During the morning of September 18, she found him unresponsive in her apartment at the Samarkand Hotel, 22 Lansdowne Crescent, Notting Hill. She called for an ambulance at 11: 18 a.m., and he was taken to St Mary Abbot's Hospital where an attempt	attempt	NOUN	was	AUX	 was
(January 19, 1913 – January 15, 1996; originally spelled Wanderon) was an American professional pocket billiards player, also known as " Minnesota Fats ". Though he never won a major pool tournament as " Fats ", he was perhaps the most publicly	publicly	ADV	recognized	VERB	 recognized
The Halafians were the indigenous people of Neolithic northern Syria, who later adopted the southern Ubaidian culture. Contact with the Mesopotamian south increased during the early and middle Northern Uruk period, and southern people moved to Tell Brak in the late Uruk period, forming a colony	colony	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
This is because the brittleness of glass does not allow for uneven thermal expansion. Glass that has been welded will usually need to be cooled very slowly and evenly through the glass transition, in a process called annealing, to relieve any internal stresses created by a temperature	temperature	NOUN	gradient	NOUN	 gradient
Between platforms 5 and 7 are the two spur sidings that are long enough to stable a single Class 153 DMU. The third island platform comprises platforms 9 to 12 and also dates from the 1930s. It is longer than platforms 5 – 8 but the rear of	of	ADP	a	DET	 a
That commission's executive director, Kristin Perry, later became the named plaintiff in Perry v. Brown. In 2004, Griffin was campaign director for California Proposition 71, which authorized the sale of three billion dollars in general obligation bonds to fund stem cell research. Two	Two	NUM	years	NOUN	 years
Alexander's sacking of Thebes ensured that Greece remained quiet during his absence. The one exception was a call to arms by Spartan king Agis III in 331 BC, whom Antipater defeated and killed in the battle of Megalopolis. Antipater referred the Spartans ' punishment to the	the	DET	League	PROPN	 League
Southey most likely learned the tale as a child from his uncle William Tyler. Tyler may have told a version with a vixen (she fox) as intruder, and Southey later confused vixen with a common appellation for a crafty old woman. P.M. Zall writes in	in	ADP	"	PUNCT	 "
Feige stated exploring Quicksilver's relationship with his sister and his backstory growing up in Eastern Europe would help differentiate the character from Evan Peters ' version in X Men: Days of Future Past (2014). Taylor Johnson stated that the running style for Quicksilver went through	through	ADP	multiple	ADJ	 multiple
The rear side of the façade, which is seen after entering through the gate, has many rooms and the library. To the right of the gate is the mosque which is a three domed structure marked with stripes. Entering through the main gate gives a perfect	perfect	ADJ	view	NOUN	 view
Although poliovirus transmission has been interrupted in much of the world, transmission of wild poliovirus does continue and creates an ongoing risk for the importation of wild poliovirus into previously polio free regions. If importations of poliovirus occur, outbreaks of poliomyelitis may develop, especially in areas	areas	NOUN	with	ADP	 with
From this, Du Fay theorized that electricity consists of two electrical fluids, vitreous and resinous, that are separated by friction, and that neutralize each other when combined. A decade later Benjamin Franklin proposed that electricity was not from different types of electrical fluid, but	but	CCONJ	the	DET	 the
Heinrich had five children from a previous marriage. Göring was the fourth of five children by Heinrich's second wife, Franziska Tiefenbrunn (1859 – 15 July 1943), a Bavarian peasant. Göring's elder siblings were Karl, Olga, and Paula; his younger	younger	ADJ	brother	NOUN	 brother
Bakunin characterised Marx's ideas as centralist and predicted that, if a Marxist party came to power, its leaders would simply take the place of the ruling class they had fought against. Anarchist historian George Woodcock reports that " The annual Congress of the International had not	not	PART	taken	VERB	 taken
After Oliver defeats the White Witch, she is restored to her former self, and declares to dedicate her life to making amends for her actions. Oliver then returns to his old life in Motorville. Ni no Kuni: Daibouken Monsters was released in Japan on May	May	PROPN	11	NUM	 11
Further changes took place for the 1983 general election when the current Somerton and Frome constituency was created. The current representative is Conservative MP David Warburton. During the general election of 2015, in which 72% of those eligible turned out to vote, David Warburton achieved	achieved	VERB	a	DET	 a
Goss and Johannes were replaced by Dean Fertita (keyboard) and Michael Shuman (bass) for later bonus track recordings and the subsequent supporting tour. Regarding the band's line up changes for Era Vulgaris, Homme commented, " I like combinations that no one would	would	AUX	expect	VERB	 expect
The church teaches that sexual intercourse should only take place between a married man and woman, and should be without the use of birth control or contraception. In his encyclical Humanae vitae (1968), Pope Paul VI firmly rejected all contraception, thus contradicting dissenters in	in	ADP	the	DET	 the
He rose from private soldier in World War I to air marshal in 1948, and served as Chief of the Air Staff from 1942 to 1952, the longest continuous tenure of any RAAF chief. Jones was a surprise appointee to the Air Force ’ s top role	role	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
" Later however, Singer thought the somewhat scabrous ornamentation of the stipe justified a placement in Leccinum. René Pomerleau had previously (1959) placed the species in Leccinum, but this transfer was invalid, as no basionym was specified. Roy E. Halling designated a lectotype	lectotype	NOUN	specimen	NOUN	 specimen
Instead, he recommended a stripped down sequence that omitted Kirk entirely and would be simple and easy to shoot; Robert McCall, known for designing the original posters to 2001: A Space Odyssey, provided Trumbull with concept art to inform the new event. The score	score	NOUN	for	ADP	 for
After the 100th lap, Stewart maintained a 1.8 second lead. Four laps later, Gordon moved to the second position. On lap 109, Johnson claimed the sixth position, as Bowyer and Robby Gordon returned to the race. On the 116th lap, both David	David	PROPN	Reutimann	PROPN	 Reutimann
Charles Wilkins in The Globe and Mail found Remembering Winter, the chapter about cultural and social memories of winter to be the " most personal and poignant " and entertaining. Helen Gallagher in the New York Journal of Books " highly recommended " the book. The book	book	NOUN	was	AUX	 was
The film was released in theaters on May 25, 1983, six years to the day after the release of the first film, receiving mostly positive reviews. The film grossed between $475 million and $572 million worldwide. Several home video and theatrical releases and	and	CCONJ	revisions	NOUN	 revisions
It was written by executive producer Robert Carlock and directed by Todd Holland. The episode originally aired on the National Broadcasting Company (NBC) in the United States on February 5, 2009. Guest stars in " Generalissimo " include Jon Hamm, Salma Hayek, Patrick	Patrick	PROPN	Heusinger	PROPN	 Heusinger
Since 1996, February 15 has been commemorated as National Flag of Canada Day. In 1996, Minister of Canadian Heritage Sheila Copps instituted the One in a Million National Flag Challenge. This program was intended to provide Canadians with a million new national flags in time for	for	ADP	Flag	PROPN	 Flag
Judge Shira A. Scheindlin of New York's Southern District Court denied a motion to dismiss the copyright violation allegations, noting similarities between the works: Both works feature: hot pink and white striped walls; two single hung windows in the middle of the back wall;	;	PUNCT	windows	NOUN	 windows
They never saw each other again. Marie Saint Saëns returned to her family, and lived until 1950, dying near Bordeaux at the age of ninety five. Saint Saëns did not divorce his wife and remarry, nor did he form any later intimate relationship with a	a	DET	woman	NOUN	 woman
TV Guide also listed the episode on the " TV hot list " of October 4. The Toronto Star noted the episode was " worth watching ". Todd VanDerWerff of The A.V. Club gave the episode a negative review, giving it a C — grade and concluding	concluding	VERB	that	PRON	 that
The last dress of the show was visually amusing and, according to Madonna, was for " anyone that takes me too seriously, or imagined and I take myself too seriously. " Inspired by Dame Edna Everage, the dress consisted of a hat strewn with fake	fake	ADJ	fruits	NOUN	 fruits
" " I Can't Stop Loving You " hit number one on the Billboard Pop Singles chart on June 2, spending five consecutive weeks at the top of the chart. By the time it fell off the top, the single was reported to have reached nearly	nearly	ADV	a	DET	 a
Together, these formations represent about 150 million years of mostly Mesozoic aged sedimentation in that part of North America. Part of a super sequence of rock units called the Grand Staircase, the formations exposed in the Zion and Kolob area were deposited in several different environments that	that	PRON	range	VERB	 range
In May 2005, the Russian embassy in Armenia denied any such involvement, and described Litvinenko's accusation as an attempt to harm relations between Armenia and Russia by people against the democratic reforms in Russia. The Armenian National Security Service also denied the Russian involvement in the	the	DET	shootings	NOUN	 shootings
The scenes outside the Palace of Westminster as Bellingham was taken out for transfer to Newgate were consistent with this mood; Samuel Romilly, the law reformer and MP for Wareham, heard from the assembled crowd " the most savage expressions of joy and exultation... accompanied with	with	ADP	regret	NOUN	 regret
This meant that Herbert did not set a time in the session, while Schumacher completed only two of his twelve allotted laps. Speaking of the incident, Schumacher said that " there was a little movement in the steering wheel at the previous corner and at the next	next	NOUN	it	PRON	 it
" The match was broadcast live in the United Kingdom by both the BBC and Sky Sports, with BBC One providing the free to air coverage and Sky Sports 1 being the pay TV alternative. BBC One held the majority of the viewership, with a peak audience	audience	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
With the J2X C far from being completely developed, Allard Holdings were liquidated in the first quarter of 1993, and the car was sold to Robs Lamplough for £76,000. The car's lack of straightline speed, due to a combination of undeveloped aerodynamics, the	the	DET	high	ADJ	 high
As bonus, it came equipped with £1,000 of extras and was released in an advertising campaign of Anniversary trims for other Citroën models at the same time as the launch of the Limited Edition Millennium trim in France. The model was limited to 150 cars in the	the	DET	UK	PROPN	 UK
It continued to operate in this fashion until the end of the Battle of France. On 4 July it was re – designated III. / JG 51. Oesau served as Staffelkapitän of 7. / JG 51. Oesau got his first World War II victory during	during	ADP	the	DET	 the
Flottenabteilung Wulff was sent through the mouth of the Danube and across the Black Sea to Odessa, where it spent several months supporting the Austro Hungarian troops enforcing the peace agreement with Russia. It returned to the Danube at the end of August, and was anchored at	at	ADP	Brăila	PROPN	 Brăila
The summit of the islet is 51 metres (170 ft) above sea level. Fraser Darling and Boyd (1969) also speculate about the " quiet failure " of the populations of small islands like Mingulay to husband their available natural resources. Certainly the population began	began	VERB	to	PART	 to
Two players — one with a last name Albers, and one with a last name Yerges — did not play for the Triangles in 1920, and the coaching staff stayed the same. After the 1919 season, representatives of four Ohio League teams — the Canton Bulldogs	Bulldogs	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
The first egg hatches after 31 to 36 days of incubation. Although the eggs do hatch successively, considering that the average intervals between egg laying is three day, surprisingly the young tend to hatch no more than a day or two apart. Like all owls that	that	PRON	nest	NOUN	 nest
According to NASA scientists, the plumes are similar in composition to comets. In 2014, NASA reported that Cassini found evidence for a large south polar subsurface ocean of liquid water with a thickness of around 10 km (6.2 mi). These geyser observations, along	along	ADP	with	ADP	 with
Subsequent research demonstrates that two important skills in joint attention are following eye gaze and identifying intention. The ability to share gaze with another individual is an important skill in establishing reference. The ability to identify intention is important in a child's ability to learn language and	and	CCONJ	direct	VERB	 direct
A juvenile specimen has a smaller crest and primary coverts, with a brown wash instead of ash grey on the crest, lore, and superciliary stripe, and a light brown (instead of ash brown) back. The juveniles of some southeast Asian starlings are also	also	ADV	browner	ADJ	 browner
The band referred to the album's musical departure as " the sound of four men chopping down The Joshua Tree ". Accordingly, the distorted introduction to the opening track " Zoo Station " was intended to make listeners think the record was broken or was mistakenly not	not	PART	the	DET	 the
The journalists had their reports sent back almost daily – ironically making communication with London at a time when Divisional Signals had not. The division was also accompanied by a three man team from the Army Film and Photographic Unit who recorded much of the battle – including many	many	ADJ	of	ADP	 of
Subduing the latter seems to have taken David ten years, a struggle that involved the destruction of Óengus, Mormaer of Moray. David's victory allowed expansion of control over more distant regions theoretically part of his Kingdom. After the death of his former patron Henry I	I	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
Responding to this, Paul Watters from the AA said " We ’ ve already seen the Western extension of the congestion charge dropped because it was hugely unpopular and I think tolling on the Blackwall Tunnel will be as controversial as that. " In June 2013, TfL	TfL	PROPN	announced	VERB	 announced
The route bypassed most of Chazy, skirting the northern edge of the hamlet as it headed northeast to a junction with US 9. NY 191 ended here while CR 23 follows the state maintained US 9 south into downtown Chazy. Modern NY 191 is one part of	of	ADP	a	DET	 a
My Dad Says by 0.1. This rating was the show's highest since December 10, 2009, episode " Secret Santa " and the highest overall for NBC in the 8: 30 p.m. Thursday timeslot for non sports events since December 2009. Critical reception of the	the	DET	episode	NOUN	 episode
This ruse was successful enough that the rival Villa faction offered $15,000 to divert the shipment to a Villa controlled port. Although the shipment was meant to supply the mutiny planned for February 1915, it was not dispatched until June of that year, by which time	time	NOUN	the	DET	 the
They were set to tour with Chimaira and All That Remains from January through March 2008, but due to singer Moody developing cysts on his vocal cords they were forced to pull out. He made a full recovery and they began to tour again. They supported Disturbed	Disturbed	VERB	on	ADP	 on
The head should be of moderate width at the ears, narrowing to the eyes, and slightly flat between the ears. There should be a defined but not overpronounced stop at the end of the muzzle where it meets the head, and a black nose. The	The	DET	jaw	NOUN	 jaw
However, he struggled with the bat, scoring 398 runs at 26.53 with seven single figure scores, although he recorded his maiden first class century in the latter stages of the season, with 126 against South Australia. Gilchrist was rewarded with selection in the Young Australia	Australia	PROPN	team	NOUN	 team
The Suffolk Campaign was minor and inconclusive, while the Battle of Chancellorsville was an enormous Confederate victory. Before the Gettysburg Campaign, Pickett fell in love with a Virginia teenager, LaSalle " Sallie " Corbell (1843 – 1931), commuting back and forth from his	his	PRON	duties	NOUN	 duties
There are separate congresses for the men and women's branch of Opus Dei. The General Congresses are made up of members appointed by the Prelate, and are responsible for advising him about the prelature's future. The men's General Congress also elects the Prelate from	from	ADP	a	DET	 a
Although there had been no significant Scottish involvement in the coup, most members of the Scottish Privy Council went to London to offer their services to William. As a result, the Revolution in Scotland was not carried out by opponents of the existing regime, but by	by	ADP	its	PRON	 its
It is bordered by England to its east, the Irish Sea to its north and west, and the Bristol Channel to its south. It has a total area of 2,064,100 hectares (5,101,000 acres) and is about 170 mi (274 km) from north to	to	ADP	south	NOUN	 south
Many Asian fungi are commercially grown and have increased in popularity in the West. They are often available fresh in grocery stores and markets, including straw mushrooms (Volvariella volvacea), oyster mushrooms (Pleurotus ostreatus), shiitakes (Lentinula edodes), and enokitake (	(	PUNCT	Flammulina	PROPN	Flammulina
For example, in 15 BC the philosopher Yang Xiong described the invention of the belt drive for a quilling machine, which was of great importance to early textile manufacturing. The inventions of the artisan engineer Ding Huan (丁緩) are mentioned in the Miscellaneous Notes on	on	ADP	the	DET	 the
His efforts in the regular season earned him his third career Vezina Trophy nomination, alongside the Boston Bruins ' Tim Thomas and the Nashville Predators ' Pekka Rinne. Entering the 2011 playoffs as the first seed in the West, the Canucks were matched against the Blackhawks for	for	ADP	the	DET	 the
Fowler briefly coached Liverpool's strikers in April 2011. Muangthong took action and sacked Henrique Calisto as head coach. A statement on the Muangthong website read: " The Board have appointed Robbie Fowler as the acting Head Coach and terminate the contract of Portuguese boss Henrique Calisto	Calisto	PROPN	.	PUNCT	.
Certain presents contain harmful power ups, such the loss of a " life ", or the " randomizer ", which hides the identity of all presents. In the game's cooperative mode, if one player character opens a present in the vicinity of the other	other	ADJ	,	PUNCT	,
This appointment is, however, most likely a misreading of the primary source, according to the editors of the Prosopographie der mittelbyzantinischen Zeit. According to the history of Michael the Syrian, at about the same time Manuel was responsible for the negotiations with the Khurramite refugees	refugees	NOUN	and	CCONJ	 and
Hergé had also collected press clippings depicting the Christina, a motor yaught owned by the Greek shipping magnate Aristotle Onassis, and used them as the basis for his depiction of Rastapopoulos ' ship, the Sheherezade. The aircraft, cars, and machinery that appear in the	the	DET	story	NOUN	 story
Deluxe on March 29, 2010. The short stories were collected into a bound volume released on June 23, 2010 and included an additional chapter along with the other eight chapters. The chapter titles for the stories are taken from song titles from various musical artists.	.	PUNCT	The	DET	 The
The linking converb -n became confined to stable verb combinations, while the number of converbs increased. The distinction between male, female and plural subjects exhibited by some finite verbal suffixes was lost. Neutral word order in clauses with pronominal subject changed from object – predicate –	–	PUNCT	subject	ADJ	 subject
In mid June 1944, they began their offensive against the Mariana and Palau islands, and decisively defeated Japanese forces in the Battle of the Philippine Sea. These defeats led to the resignation of the Japanese Prime Minister, Hideki Tojo, and provided the United States with	with	ADP	air	NOUN	 air
Jaws was the state's most successful book by 7 p.m. on the first day. However, sales were good nationwide without engineering. The hardcover stayed on The New York Times bestseller list for some 44 weeks - peaking at number two behind Watership Down - selling a	a	DET	total	NOUN	 total
Species considered not to be threatened with extinction are included in Appendix II, in which case trade “ must be controlled in order to avoid utilization incompatible with their survival ”. Most cetacean species traded for display in captivity to the public or for use in swimming with	with	ADP	dolphins	NOUN	 dolphins
The first weapons drop, witnessed on the ground by British mercenary Lieutenant Colonel Johnny Cooper, provided the royalists with a morale boosting 180 old rifles, 34,000 rounds of Mauser and 17,000 rounds of.303 rifle ammunition, 72 six pounder antitank shells and 150 pounds of plastic explosive	explosive	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
State police officers established contingency plans for personnel and equipment to assist as needed. The State Office of Parks, Recreation and Historic Preservation ensured needed equipment were operational, and also secured buildings with sandbags to prevent flooding. Seven airlines allowed travelers potentially affected by the hurricane	hurricane	NOUN	to	PART	 to
They are similar to activity displays in that they contain vocabulary that is associated with specific activities or routines. For example, a photo of a child's room may be included in the child's AAC system. Objects and events within the photograph are then used as	as	ADP	symbols	NOUN	 symbols
The miniature mountain was used as a setting for an important ceremony called the Royal Tonsure Ceremony. This ancient rite of passage would be performed for the royal prince and princess around the age of thirteen. The ceremony, sometimes lasting seven days of festivities, involves a	a	DET	purifying	VERB	 purifying
Golden and Wagner cite evidence such as Fiegler's ability to make himself appear " dim " (an ability shared by Flagg in Eyes of the Dragon), his manipulation of Carol Gerber and her activist friends and Flagg's frequent use of aliases (usually with the	the	DET	initials	NOUN	 initials
There's been some vague talk among the cast members... As far as I know right now nothing's happening. " Ellis opines that were Robert Downey Jr. to get involved, the film would move straight into production. However, remembering the adaptation process Less Than	Than	ADP	Zero	PROPN	 Zero
While the civil rights movement fought against racial segregation, Malcolm X advocated the complete separation of African Americans from whites. He proposed that African Americans should return to Africa and that, in the interim, a separate country for black people in America should be created.	.	PUNCT	He	PRON	 He
The point of contention was whether or not the England selectors would include Basil D ' Oliveira, a mixed race South African player who had represented England in Test cricket since 1966, having moved there six years earlier. With South Africa under apartheid, the potential inclusion	inclusion	NOUN	by	ADP	 by
At the time of hatching, the female coconut crab releases the eggs into the ocean. This usually takes place on rocky shores at dusk, especially when this coincides with high tide. The empty egg cases remain on the female's body after the larvae have been	been	AUX	released	VERB	 released
The east building wall of the base out of which the tower rises runs at a slant to the Manhattan street grid, following a property line that predated the Commissioners ' Plan of 1811. The land on which the Chrysler Building stands was donated to The Cooper Union	Union	PROPN	for	ADP	 for
" On 19 March 2011, at the age of four, Knut collapsed and died in his enclosure. Witnesses reported that after the bear's rear left leg began shaking, he became agitated before convulsing several times and falling backwards into the pool. Approximately 600 to	to	PART	700	NUM	 700
Various student initiatives have been undertaken to adopt a mascot, but none has become " official. " One proposal devised by the college humor magazine the Dartmouth Jack O Lantern was Keggy the Keg, an anthropomorphic beer keg who makes occasional appearances at college sporting events.	.	PUNCT	Despite	SCONJ	 Despite
Soon the police department assigned undercover officers to infiltrate the Nation of Islam. By the late 1950s, Malcolm X was using a new name, Malcolm Shabazz or Malik el Shabazz, although he was still widely referred to as Malcolm X. His comments on issues and events	events	NOUN	were	AUX	 were
When the Los Angeles Galaxy traveled to Seattle in May 2012, the FieldTurf was noted as one of the reasons David Beckham and Robbie Keane were left out of the line up. Between August and November both the Seahawks and Sounders FC host games at CenturyLink Field.	.	PUNCT	Each	DET	 Each
This rush to disbarment is in retribution for the filing of that federal suit. With enemies this foolish, Thompson needs only the loyal friends he has. " He closed the email — in which he included the court ruling — with, "... this should be	be	AUX	fun	ADJ	 fun
The first shooting schedule began two days later with a fight scene choreographed by Thalapathy Dinesh and filmed at Ramavaram in Chennai. More than 25 Toyota Qualis and 30 stunt artists were involved in the fight sequence that featured Rajinikanth. The Vettaiyapuram mansion was erected in Hyderabad.	.	PUNCT	The	DET	 The
" The Coon ", along with the thirteen other episodes from South Park's thirteenth season, were released on a three disc DVD set and two disc Blu ray set in the United States on March 16, 2010. The sets included brief audio commentaries by Parker	Parker	PROPN	and	CCONJ	 and
The real victory is in the character's refusal to give up against long odds. " My heroes are the losers " he once said. " All my books have been in that vein. Every book I've ever written. " In the Introduction to The	The	DET	Kid	PROPN	 Kid
This includes, but is not limited to, his collaborations with Di Meola, McLaughlin, and Pedro Iturralde. De Lucía was influenced primarily by Niño Ricardo, a leading figure in the history of flamenco guitar, and Sabicas, regarded as one of the most influential	influential	ADJ	musicians	NOUN	 musicians
This practice was common for obtaining coal mining labor in Alabama at the close of the Reconstruction era. The number of convicts employed increased after U.S. Steel acquired TCI in 1907, as did the brutality of the conditions in which they labored. In 1908, the first	first	ADJ	full	ADJ	 full
Anderson returned on the December 2 edition of Impact!, chasing Hardy and Fortune out of the ring, before being announced as the special guest referee for the World Heavyweight title match between Hardy and Morgan at Final Resolution. Anderson was bloodied and taken out of the	the	DET	match	NOUN	 match
Mark Schilling curated the retrospective in order to expose international audiences to 1960s Nikkatsu Action films which, aside from the films of Seijun Suzuki, remained predominately unseen outside Japan. Schilling originally titled the film Season of Heat — a literal translation of the Japanese title — but	but	CCONJ	it	PRON	 it
Commanded by a lieutenant colonel, an infantry battalion was composed of ten companies, of which eight were " centre " companies, and two flank companies: one a grenadier and one (in regular line regiments) a specialist light company. Companies were commanded by captains	captains	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
While the core mechanics remain the same, a number of aesthetic changes have been made in Ultimate Marvel vs. Capcom 3, with a stronger emphasis on the comic book motif. The HUD, character selection, and stage selection screens have been redesigned. In addition,	,	PUNCT	many	ADJ	 many
Finding the camp unoccupied, they learned that the company was out on an extended patrol. Suspecting they would head for a stockaded frontier post called Carr's Fort, Pickens sent men directly there while the main body chased after the British. The British made it into	into	ADP	the	DET	 the
Renewable Energy Development Agency of the state has plans to promote usage of solar street lights in Kalimpong and proposed an energy park here to sell renewable energy gadgets. The Public Works Department is responsible for the road connecting the town to the National Highway – NH 31A. The	The	DET	Kalimpong	PROPN	 Kalimpong
Firstly, both the mimic and the model benefit from the interaction, which could thus be classified as mutualism in this respect. The signal receiver is also advantaged by this system, despite being deceived about species identity, as it avoids potentially harmful encounters. The usually	usually	ADV	clear	ADJ	 clear
Hoyle and Ryder met at a performance art event, after which the former asked Ryder if he would appear in one of his stage shows. Ryder was busy at the time, but agreed to the request several years later. Staged at the Royal Vauxhall Tavern (	(	PUNCT	RVT	PROPN	RVT
There is Holy Communion each day, and Choral Evensong each day except Wednesday. The Director of Music is Philip Rushforth and the Assistant Director of Music is Benjamin Chewter; they are assisted by an Assistant Organist, Geoffrey Woollatt. There are lunchtime organ recitals weekly on	on	ADP	Thursday	PROPN	 Thursday
Chappuis ran for 91 yards, completed 14 of 24 passes for 188 yards, was named the Most Valuable Player, and set Rose Bowl records for total offense and pass completions. The Long Beach Independent reported: “ Bob Chappuis was every inch the All American he	he	PRON	has	AUX	 has
After only a few Segunda División matches, Pablo received his first call up to the Spanish under 21 team, for a friendly match against Bulgaria on 19 November 2002. Despite the media's assumption that he would be among the substitutes, he played the whole match	match	NOUN	as	SCONJ	 as
He had hip surgery on January 14. – denotes class status adjusted for used redshirt eligibility. The incoming class had no four- or five star recruits. However, it included three players that Rivals.com listed as three star recruits. Only Ben Cronin was also listed as	as	ADP	three	NUM	 three
Some scholars have argued that the historical context during which the temple was built, i.e. after returning from Rome as king, it is natural that Tiridates dedicated the temple to his patron god. James R. Russells finds the view of the structure being a temple of Mihr	Mihr	PROPN	baseless	NOUN	 baseless
Failure to observe this requirement will almost certainly doom the plant in the long term or, at best, limit it to being a small, unimpressive specimen. In addition, like all Nepenthes, this plant needs a fairly humid environment to grow well. Values in	in	ADP	the	DET	 the
Neuner ended the season with her 19th World Cup win in Khanty Mansiysk's mass start, which ensured her the 2009 – 10 Overall World Cup, making her the first German woman to win the Biathlon World Cup for a second time. She also won the pursuit	pursuit	NOUN	and	CCONJ	 and
After his arrival in Sydney, Pulsford immediately became involved in the free trade cause, and in 1885 he co founded the Free Trade and Liberal Association of New South Wales (FTLA, a forerunner of the Free Trade Party) with Bernhard Wise. His campaigning on	on	ADP	behalf	NOUN	 behalf
Critics also drew attention to other aspects of the film. Writing for The Sydney Morning Herald, Sandra Hall criticised Wright's attention to realism for being " careless with the customs and conventions that were part of the fabric of Austen's world. " In another review	review	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
Howe often deferred to the civil leadership of the various states that made up his command, often referring conflicts with state officials to the Continental Congress to resolve. Of particular note was an early conflict with Georgia's state government, which insisted that the governor of that	that	DET	state	NOUN	 state
If approved, the property is entered officially by the Keeper of the National Register into the National Register of Historic Places. Property owners are notified of the nomination during the review by the SHPO and state's historic review commission. If an owner objects to a nomination	nomination	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
Within a few months, Crane was persuaded by his family to forgo a military career and transfer to Lafayette College in Easton, Pennsylvania, in order to pursue a mining engineering degree. He registered at Lafayette on September 12, and promptly became involved in extracurricular activities	activities	NOUN	;	PUNCT	;
Shankly himself certainly had that spirit when playing for Scotland as confirmed by Alex James: " He is a real Scotland player who will fight until he drops ". Shankly made his international debut on 9 April 1938 against England at Wembley; Scotland winning the match 1	1	NUM	–	PUNCT	 –
In October 2006, news reports surfaced that Washington had insulted Knight with a homophobic slur, during an argument with Patrick Dempsey (Derek Shepherd). Shortly after, the details of the argument became public, and Knight later disclosed that the slur made him come out	out	ADP	as	ADP	 as
Throughout 2010, the company added newer calorie conscious " Positive Steps " combo meals that were advertised in female oriented media, as well as a continuing cross promotional tie in with the female oriented Twilight film series. 3 G Capital's new management team eliminated the focus	focus	NOUN	on	ADP	 on
Also, unlike the previous albums, the album was made with only minimal involvement of Jim O'Rourke; the album which was produced with very few overdubs. The band sought to be more direct with this record than the previous two, resulting in a more mellow album	album	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
Obsidian's co founder, Feargus Urquhart, said that the game was originally going to be released in 2005, but it was later moved up to December 2004 after E3; according to him, Obsidian had to choose between " get [ting] in trouble or	or	CCONJ	get	VERB	 get
East of the Tilghman Street Viaduct, SR 1002 traverses numerous streets in the eastern section of Allentown. After the intersection with Fenwick Street, SR 1002 has a solid west – east routing. East of the Irving Street intersection, SR 1002 intersects Airport Road, the	the	DET	main	ADJ	 main
Malay dailies such as Berita Harian, Utusan Malaysia, Harian Metro and Kosmo!. Chinese dailies such as Sin Chew Daily and Nanyang Siang Pau. Tamil dailies such as Tamil Nesan, Malaysia Nanban and Makkal Osai. Local newspaper companies also exist. The most widely	widely	ADV	circulated	VERB	 circulated
The Heuschrecke designed by Krupp was similar in design to a vehicle built by Alkett and Rheinmetall Borsig, the 105 mm leFH 18 / 40 / 2 auf Geschützwagen III / IV, which was ready in March 1944. The competing Rheinmetall Borsig model had overall slightly better	better	ADJ	performance	NOUN	 performance
The Olmsted firm translated this agenda into an urban design that included a unique combination of social reform, comprehensive infrastructure planning, and private homeownership principles. The rates of homeownership and cordial relationships between the steel company and Vandergrift residents fostered loyalty among McMurtry's skilled workers and	and	CCONJ	led	VERB	 led
This shark can be distinguished from similar species in its range by the long furrows at the corners of its mouth, and seven to 15 enlarged pores just above them. Among the most abundant sharks within its range, the milk shark feeds primarily on small bony fishes	fishes	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
Current space telescopes, including NASA's Hubble Space Telescope, can accurately measure mass for some types of stars, but not all. Estimates put the range for stellar mass somewhere between 8% the mass of the Sun and in excess of 60 times the mass of	of	ADP	the	DET	 the
Football resumed at Old Trafford on 8 March 1941, but another German raid on 11 March 1941 destroyed much of the stadium, notably the main stand (now the South Stand), forcing the club's operations to move to Cornbrook Cold Storage, owned by United	United	PROPN	chairman	NOUN	 chairman
NY 350 continues across rolling farmland to the town of Walworth, where it meets the eastern terminus of NY 441 at a four way intersection with Walworth – Penfield Road west of the hamlet of Walworth. The route continues on, entering a slightly more forested area as	as	SCONJ	it	PRON	 it
Jessop was assisted by John Duncombe, Thomas Denson and William Turner, and from 30 October, Thomas Telford was appointed to set out the line and oversee the construction. Work began on the Wirral line from Ellesmere Port to Chester in November 1793, and packet boats	boats	NOUN	began	VERB	 began
Tests undertaken both before the purchase, and in 1979, had demonstrated that the water was safe for public consumption. During the late 1970s, concerns were expressed about the presence of perchloroethene (PCE) in water, and as a result a European Directive was issued	issued	VERB	in	ADP	 in
Socialist literary critic Bakri Siregar writes that Kartodikromo drew on his experiences while visiting the Netherlands in writing Studen Hidjo. He also writes that, unlike writers published by Balai Pustaka, Kartodikromo was heavily against the " white superiority " which the Dutch impressed upon native Indonesians;	;	PUNCT	this	PRON	 this
Hancock was immensely popular and unquestionably patriotic given his personal sacrifices and his leadership of the Second Continental Congress. James Bowdoin, his principal opponent, was cast by Hancock's supporters as unpatriotic, citing among other things his refusal (which was due to poor health)	)	PUNCT	to	PART	 to
Other sources that have been suggested include an Assyrian relief of Gilgamesh clutching a lion cub now in the Louvre, and a Majapahit terracotta figure from the Djakarta museum. Oviri's head seems based on mummified skulls of chieftains in the Marquesas Islands, whose eye sockets were	were	AUX	traditionally	ADV	 traditionally
According to military author Richard Fisher, it has been speculated that further modifications to a new production batch would include a phased array radar, thrust vectoring nozzles, and long range anti ship missiles. To adapt the original Su 27 for naval operations, Sukhoi first incorporated	incorporated	VERB	a	DET	 a
In 1990, D ' Amato produced his final La Casa film, Beyond Darkness (La Casa 5). House II was reissued in Italy as La Casa 6, and The Horror Show was then released in Italy as La Casa 7. The Evil Dead and	and	CCONJ	its	PRON	 its
Selena then dumped Saldívar's satchel containing bank statements onto the bed and saw the gun. At 11: 48 a.m. (CST), Saldívar pointed it at Selena. As Selena tried to flee, Saldívar shot her once on the lower right shoulder, severing an	an	DET	artery	NOUN	 artery
Deir al Balah is situated in the central Gaza Strip, along the coastline of the eastern Mediterranean Sea. Its city center is about 1,700 meters (5,600 ft) east of the coast while the ancient site of Darum was uncovered 3 kilometers (1.9 mi) to	to	ADP	the	DET	 the
Cadwallon apparently was initially unsuccessful, but he joined with Penda, who is thought to have been the lesser partner in their alliance, to defeat the Northumbrians in October 633 at the Battle of Hatfield Chase. Penda was probably not yet king of the Mercians, but	but	CCONJ	he	PRON	 he
According to biographer Roland Huntford the expedition had no obvious goal and was " only too clearly a piece of improvisation, a pretext [for Shackleton] to get away ". Fisher describes the expedition as representing " the dividing line between what has become known as the	the	DET	Heroic	PROPN	 Heroic
The Rhodesian government set up a string of front holding companies in Switzerland, Luxembourg and Liechtenstein to help keep trade open, with some success; goods that had previously been imported from Britain were replaced by Japanese, French and West German equivalents. Even many OAU states	states	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
In early 1960, the Quarrymen returned to Phillip's Sound Recording Service to record Lennon's new original song " One After 909 ", although this recording does not survive. Around the same time, the three made a rehearsal tape at McCartney's home. Harrison	Harrison	PROPN	is	AUX	 is
With the completion of a robust two year study, it is shown that the PEGylated interferon beta 1a has greater efficacy in decreasing relapse rate and disability progression compared to placebo for MS patients. Monoclonal antibodies, which are drugs of the same family as natalizumab, have	have	AUX	also	ADV	 also
In: Munz PA, Onagraceae (ed.). N Am Flora II 5: 232 – 265. 1965. — — —. " Bibliography ". In: Yuncker TG, Cuscuta (ed.). N Am Flora II 4: 41 –	–	PUNCT	48	NUM	 48
She was commissioned into the High Seas Fleet on 23 August 1915, after being rushed through trials. The ship was 145.30 meters (476 ft 8 in) long overall and had a beam of 13.90 m (45 ft 7 in) and a draft of 5.76	5.76	NUM	m	NOUN	 m
This would, in time, abolish that part of barbarity and ignorance, for which our natives are so despised by all foreigners: this would bring them to think and act according to the rules of reason, by which a spirit of industry, and thrift,	,	PUNCT	and	CCONJ	 and
" Homer takes an interest in the Reading Digest magazine after a copy is sent to the Simpson family's residence. In the magazine, he notices an ad for a children's contest in which an essay must be written about what makes America great. Lisa chooses	chooses	VERB	to	PART	 to
This rare syndrome causes the loss of proprioception and sense of vibration below the level of injury while motor function and sensation of pain, temperature, and touch remain intact. Usually posterior cord injuries result from insults like disease or vitamin deficiency rather than trauma. Tabes dorsalis	dorsalis	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
Jack Horner and Don Lessem argued in 1993 that Tyrannosaurus was slow and probably could not run (no airborne phase in mid stride). However, Holtz (1998) concluded that tyrannosaurids and their close relatives were the fastest large theropods. Christiansen (1998) estimated	estimated	VERB	that	SCONJ	 that
They first hit her at 9: 28 on the waterline with a shell that flooded a coal bunker. Shortly afterwards a 21 centimetre (8.3 in) shell from Blücher hit the roof of ' A ' turret, denting it and knocking out the left gun for	for	ADP	two	NUM	 two
In 1975, Stevenson was involved in establishing the Kings Cross Community Aid and Information Service, serving for a time as President and as a member of the Management Committee until 1987. Stevenson founded the Carers Association of New South Wales, and became its first President,	,	PUNCT	in	ADP	 in
A master mason is omitted, and military historian Allen Brown has suggested that it may be because Richard himself was the overall architect; this is supported by the interest Richard showed in the work through his frequent presence. Not only was the castle built at considerable expense	expense	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
The fighters returned to Truk on 18 March after claiming 18 Allied aircraft shot down. Zuihō arrived at Sasebo on 9 May and received a brief refit in mid June. She returned to Truk on 15 July and remained in the area until 5 November when she returned	returned	VERB	to	ADP	 to
" Dana Stevens of Slate magazinepraised McConaughey's performance, highlighting that the movie " traffics in deep hindbrain emotions: fear and rage and lust and, above all, the pure animal drive to go on living. " Lou Lumenick of the New York Post expressed his	his	PRON	compliments	NOUN	 compliments
On 7 November his resolve was broken; he confessed late that day, and again over the following two days. On 6 November, with Fawkes maintaining his silence, the fugitives raided Warwick Castle for supplies and continued to Norbrook to collect weapons. From there they	they	PRON	continued	VERB	 continued
Another Horsa came down about 200 yards (180 m) from the bridge but exploded on landing, killing all on board. Three of the other Horsas carrying the South Staffordshire Regiment coup de main party had landed within 2 miles (3.2 km) of the bridge	bridge	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
While living in Johannesburg in the 1950s, he cultivated the image of the " African gentleman ", having " the pressed clothes, correct manners, and modulated public speech " associated with such a position. In doing so, Lodge argued that Mandela became " one	one	NUM	of	ADP	 of
Ford's age at the time of his death was 93 years and 165 days, making him the longest lived U.S. President, his lifespan being 45 days longer than Ronald Reagan's. He was the third longest lived Vice President, falling short only of John Nance	Nance	PROPN	Garner	PROPN	 Garner
The poems in this volume, like her poems in other volumes and contexts, contain universal identifications with ordinary objects. For example, " The Telephone " describes her relationship with an object, and how it has intruded upon the silence and solitude of her life.	.	PUNCT	In	ADP	 In
The younger Rogers led the company until he retired in 1893. Robert S. Hughes then became president and reorganized the company as Rogers Locomotive Company, which he led until his death in 1900. Rogers avoided the American Locomotive Company (ALCO) merger in 1901 through closing	closing	NOUN	and	CCONJ	 and
However, a record at the National Archives notes that " the cartouche refers to Lord Rivers by that title which he did not acquire until 1776. Numbers on the map appear to correspond with the survey of 1798 ". By the Victorian period (after 1837)	)	PUNCT	the	DET	 the
" The stage blood caused technical difficulties as it soaked the microphone, guitars, and cymbals, which according to Shirley sounded like " coffee mugs being tapped with a spoon ". A review of the DVD observed that " If it wasn't for guitarist Jeff Hanneman	Hanneman	PROPN	being	AUX	 being
Reid states that although speculation behind the editorial decision to allow the paralysis of the character to become permanent included the idea she had become outdated, " if audiences had grown tired of Batgirl, it was not because she was a bad character but because she had been	been	AUX	written	VERB	 written
There were usually two or three speakers at these " Journal Club " meetings. This time the speakers were Niels Bohr, Albert Einstein, and Ed Creutz. To be on the same program with these two giants of scientific accomplishments was breathtaking. Just before the meeting	meeting	NOUN	began	VERB	 began
His father, King Coloman, had him crowned as a child, thus denying the crown to his uncle Álmos. In the first year of his reign, Venice occupied Dalmatia and Stephen never restored his rule in that province. His reign was characterized by frequent wars	wars	NOUN	with	ADP	 with
The knitting style used to create Aran sweaters is often mistakenly associated with the Isle of Arran rather than the Irish Aran Islands. The island has three endemic species of tree, the Arran whitebeams. These trees are the Scottish or Arran whitebeam (Sorbus arranensis),	,	PUNCT	the	DET	 the
Stone stuck with Fortune, which upset Forbes publisher Malcolm Forbes, who turned down a later request to use his private yacht. Stone switched from 12- to 14 hour shooting days in the last few weeks in order to finish principal photography before an impending Directors Guild of	of	ADP	America	PROPN	 America
) Everett refused to contest the results despite calls from the party to do so; he wrote, " I am willing to let the election go. " After leaving office, Everett traveled in Europe with his family for several months. When the Whigs, led	led	VERB	by	ADP	 by
Bertram was devised by Dudley Clarke to deceive Erwin Rommel about the timing and location of the allied attack. The operation consisted of physical deceptions using dummies and camouflage, designed and made by the British Middle East Command Camouflage Directorate led by Geoffrey Barkas. These were accompanied	accompanied	VERB	by	ADP	 by
It has been suggested by The Guardian and The Sydney Morning Herald, that the report may have highlighted what could be systemic failure, because of the number of institutions identified. Yvette Cooper, Shadow Home Secretary requested that child protection experts conduct an " overarching review...	...	PUNCT	into	ADP	 into
After his victory, Basil II advanced towards Strumitsa, which was key to holding the whole Vardar valley. On their way to the city, the Byzantines seized the Matsukion fortress to the east of their advance. The Byzantine Emperor also sent an army under Botaneiates to	to	PART	surround	VERB	 surround
By 2009, the site had 4.5 million reviews. By 2010, Yelp's revenues were estimated to be $30 million and it employed 300 people. Yelp introduced a site for the United Kingdom in January 2009 and one for Canada that August. The first non	non	ADJ	English	PROPN	 English
The producers wanted the musical to appear like a " corny and low rent production ". The ensemble includes 10 actors from ages eight to twelve. Though professionals, the child actors perform with a " realistic lack of polish ", as they are playing non professional	professional	ADJ	children	NOUN	 children
The following days they proceeded with the composition and recording of " Exposition / We Can Work It Out " and of the original track " Listen, Learn, Read On ". On 19 August, they concluded these sessions with the recording of " Kentucky Woman "	"	PUNCT	and	CCONJ	 and
In 2015, Aleksander Gilyadov from VentureBeat included Sniper Wolf's death among six most memorable Metal Gear moments opining it " still remains as one of the most poignant and beautiful scenes in the entire series. It also displays just how multilayered, benign, and well written	written	VERB	Kojima	PROPN	 Kojima
Keith David once again voices the Flame King in " Vault of Bones ", " Earth & Water ", and " The Red Throne ". Davey Johnson reappears as the goblin king Xergiok in " The Great Bird Man "; he also voices the titular character	character	NOUN	in	ADP	 in
With this shift in perspective, the focus of discourse remained on subordination, patriarchal oppression, and victimization. These studies examined such issues as foot binding and the chastity of widows. Literature formulated by feminist writers did nothing to dispel the myth of the weak, subservient	subservient	ADJ	woman	NOUN	 woman
The team announced their discovery on 8 March 1974. Another expedition was mounted that same month to confirm the discovery and the research submersible Alcoa Sea Probe was able to take still photos and video of the wreck that confirmed it was Monitor. These photos revealed that the	the	DET	wreck	NOUN	 wreck
The album called for more emoting, which Chrisye – known as having a stiff stage persona – struggled to deliver, though Yanti prepared colourful costumes and Alex Hasyim trained him in choreography. Upon its release, Aku Cinta Dia sold hundreds of thousands of copies in the	the	DET	first	ADJ	 first
As a result of the psychologist's report, Lyons was moved to St. Joseph's Special School in Tallaght. During his period in St. Joseph's, he developed a reputation for attention seeking and storytelling. After school, he never held down a steady job and	and	CCONJ	drifted	VERB	 drifted
His last words to them were " You are standing here as if you were waiting for something ". He was buried in Copenhagen's Vestre Cemetery; all the music at his funeral, including the hymns, was the work of the composer. After his death	death	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
However, new fossils found in 2007 and 2008 showed that the " chain mail " of tommotiids formed the tube of a sessile animal; one tommotiid resembled phoronids, which are close relatives or a subgroup of brachiopods, while the other tommotiid bore two symmetrical plates that	that	PRON	might	AUX	 might
McKellen was awarded an honorary Doctorate of Letters by Cambridge University on 18 June 2014. He was made a Freeman of the city of London on Thursday 30 October 2014. The ceremony took place at Guildhall in London. McKellen was nominated by London's Lord Mayor Fiona	Fiona	PROPN	Woolf	PROPN	 Woolf
By the time Vespasian was proclaimed emperor in Rome, any hope of restoring the Republic had long dissipated. The Flavian approach to government was one of both implicit and explicit exclusion. When Vespasian returned to Rome in mid 70, he immediately embarked on a series of	of	ADP	efforts	NOUN	 efforts
On December 14, 2010, Bautista signed a minor league contract with the Seattle Mariners including an invite to spring training. He stayed with the Mariners through most of spring training but was reassigned to the minor leagues on March 27, 2011. In 24 games with	with	ADP	the	DET	 the
For successful reintroductions, connectivity between sites with low population density is considered ideal. Protected area extensions are also needed in Borneo, Java, and Sumatra. Despite being included in CITES Appendix I protection and covered by local conservation laws, slow lorises are still threatened by	by	ADP	both	DET	 both
Pierce returned to the horror genre with the 1976 film The Town That Dreaded Sundown, based on the true story of the Phantom Killer, an unidentified serial killer who murdered five people in Texarkana in 1946. Pierce remembered being scared by news stories about the killer during	during	ADP	his	PRON	 his
The kittens don't look much like kittens, but that's not the point. There's a rats ' drinking party, too which puts a different construction on Wind in the Willows. And a group of hamsters playing cricket. " About the auction, Hirst	Hirst	PROPN	said	VERB	 said
" One of Walter's first suggestions was to lower the fees for having charters confirmed, from nine pounds and five shillings to eighteen shillings and four pence. Accompanying this measure was a requirement that no charter would be accepted in a king's court without having been	been	AUX	confirmed	VERB	 confirmed
Asturias then shows how el Pelele, a mother loving figure, " suffers at the hands of those who, long under the domination of the over aggressive father figure, lack love and pity ". Furthermore, el Pelele is a tool that allows readers to see	see	VERB	the	DET	 the
The operation also resulted in severe damage to the historic core of the city, with 64 heritage buildings being heavily damaged or destroyed. IDF forces reentered Nablus during Operation Determined Path in June 2002, remaining inside the city until the end of September. Over those three	three	NUM	months	NOUN	 months
The first of her class to be completed, King George V was commissioned at her shipyard and sailed for Rosyth in Scotland on 16 October 1940; there she took on board her ammunition and began her sea trials. By the end of the year she had joined	joined	VERB	the	DET	 the
In the 1920s, agricultural reforms that culminated in the Belarusian phase of Soviet collectivization were set in motion. In the 1930s, the implementation of the Soviet five year plans for the national economy led to rapid industrialization. In 1939, Nazi Germany and the Soviet Union	Union	PROPN	invaded	VERB	 invaded
When the storm threatened to become a hurricane, a hurricane warning was declared for this region at 1025 UTC on May 29. In Campeche, a blue (minimal) alert was issued. In Guatemala, a " preventive " alert was issued; Barbara was similar	similar	ADJ	to	ADP	 to
The French Navy had by this time returned to France. After being removed from front line service in 1872, she was used as a training vessel for naval engineers. The ship was decommissioned in 1875 and placed in reserve. Her ram bow allowed her to be	be	AUX	used	VERB	 used
After this, the skier learns how to side step, and then how to fall down and get back up again. The skier then learns how to do a straight run, and then is taught how to get on and off the chair lift. This is	is	AUX	followed	VERB	 followed
The light side ending is also used in the novel adaptation, though the dark side ending is used as a vision Starkiller sees on Juno's ship, the Salvation. Starkiller appears under the name " Vader's Apprentice ", as an unlockable character in Lego Star	Star	PROPN	Wars	PROPN	 Wars
From 1947 to 1950 he studied the Talmud, philosophy and literature at the Sorbonne, where he was influenced by the existentialists, attending lectures by Jean Paul Sartre and Martin Buber. He also taught Hebrew, and worked as a translator for the Yiddish weekly Zion in	in	ADP	Kamf	PROPN	 Kamf
Northup is later shipped to New Orleans along with others who have been detained against their will. A slave trader named Freeman gives Northup the identity of " Platt ", a runaway slave from Georgia, and sells him and another slave Eliza to plantation owner William Ford	Ford	PROPN	.	PUNCT	.
The judges stepped in to point out this was irrelevant. The jury, which was packed with royalists, convicted him after thirty minutes of debate. Vane attempted to appeal his conviction, and tried to get the magistrates to sign a Bill of Exclusion in which Vane	Vane	PROPN	catalogued	VERB	 catalogued
He barked, " This fellow would have a preacher in every parish church! " to which Marbury replied, " so would St. Paul. " Then Aylmer asked, " But where is the living for them? " To this Marbury answered, " A man	man	NOUN	might	AUX	 might
The books of the Old Testament are thus distributed: Genesis — 2 Chronicles (first volume), Hosea — 4 Maccabees (second volume), Psalms — Sirach (third volume). The New Testament (fourth volume) books follow in order: Gospels,	,	PUNCT	Acts	NOUN	 Acts
X Play claimed that it was a " pleasure to play ", and praised its " beautiful " graphics and audio. The game satisfied IGN, which appreciated the lengthy minimum of 10 to 12 hours of playtime required to complete the game, further hailing it as	as	ADP	an	DET	 an
In February 2014, before Arsenal's match with Sunderland, the club unveiled a statue of former striker Dennis Bergkamp, outside the west stand of Emirates Stadium. Banners and flags, often designed by supporters group REDaction, are hung around the ground. A large "	"	PUNCT	49	NUM	 49
The Nesbitts spent Sunday evenings singing hymns around the piano. Jim marched in the Ballymena Young Conquerors flute band and Nesbitt joined him playing the flute. After the Drumcree conflicts, they stopped marching with the band. The family's residence in the countryside left them largely	largely	ADV	unaffected	ADJ	 unaffected
Sections through the Detroit area are named the Detroit Industrial and Edsel Ford freeways. I 94 in the state is either a four- or six lane freeway for most of its length; one segment in the Detroit area has up to ten lanes total near the airport.	.	PUNCT	I	PRON	 I
The neo classical monuments that proliferated at the end of the 18th century and the start of the 19th, such as The Kymin at Monmouth, were attempts to meld the concepts of Britishness with the Greco Roman empires of classical antiquity. The new and expanding British Empire	Empire	PROPN	provided	VERB	 provided
Cox and Lee were two musicians with whom he had played in R & B bands in Tennessee in 1962, shortly after his stint in the US Army. The aggregation, often referred to as " Gypsy Sun and Rainbows ", performed as the final act at	at	ADP	the	DET	 the
Tony Dungy is the third man to win the Super Bowl as a head coach as well as a player, following Tom Flores and Mike Ditka. For the Colts, Rhodes rushed for 113 yards and a touchdown, while also catching an 8 yard reception. Addai	Addai	PROPN	rushed	VERB	 rushed
Covering an area of 119 square kilometers (46 sq mi), the national park is dominated by Siberian like taiga consisting of old growth forests of Scots pine, shallow lakes and bog. Proposals for a national park in Øvre Pasvik were first launched in 1936,	,	PUNCT	but	CCONJ	 but
The route was named the Sublette cutoff by Joseph Ware in his popular 1849 guide book to the trail after an individual named Solomon Sublette who told him about the route, and not William Sublette as is popular myth. The popularity of the guide book during the 1850s	1850s	NOUN	cemented	VERB	 cemented
However, the introduction of the SLBM mooted the mobility and survivability argument, and a newer generation of ICBMs, such as the Minuteman III, had the accuracy and speed needed to attack point targets. During this time, ICBMs were seen as a less costly option	option	NOUN	based	VERB	 based
Local restaurant information and a combination pocket schedule and map may also be included. Sponsors often receive additional items such as T shirts, pins or ribbons, as well as faster registration badge pick up and on site meals (some conventions provide a con suite with basic	basic	ADJ	refreshments	NOUN	 refreshments
The battalion helped evacuate Americans from Northern China during the Chinese Civil War and in various occasions participated in providing relief to the victims of typhoons. In 1992, the battalion participated in Operation Restore Hope in Somalia. 2nd Battalion 9th Marines served until September 2, 1994	1994	NUM	,	PUNCT	,
Judge George G. Fagg said in dissent that his colleagues had " declared war on the government's power to initiate undercover investigations " and that reasonable suspicion need not be present for such operations to take place. He would carry the day after federal prosecutors appealed for an	an	DET	en	PROPN	 en
On May 27, 2014, the band released a short video with a teaser of a song from the new album, and clarified the summer release date to be July 2014. On June 4, 2014, a new teaser was released on Facebook revealing the album	album	NOUN	title	NOUN	 title
Ecofeminist Greta Gaard claims that Satin " played a significant role in facilitating the articulation of Green political thought ". Peace researcher Hanna Newcombe finds a spiritual dimension in Satin's politics. Political scientist Christa Slaton's short list of " nonacademic " transformationalists consists of Alvin and	and	CCONJ	Heidi	PROPN	 Heidi
She leaves Seattle to start fresh. Several episodes later, Alex informs Meredith that Izzie sent divorce papers, which he signs in the episode " How Insensitive ". In the sixth season finale, Alex is shot and asks for Izzie. Imagining that Meredith's half	half	ADJ	sister	NOUN	 sister
The game received mixed reviews upon release. Gordon Houghton of The One for ST Games disliked the arcade sequences in the game, stating that they are " a waste of disk loading time ", despite acknowledging its way of giving the strategy genre a wider appeal.	.	PUNCT	Ed	PROPN	 Ed
Unemployment is higher than average for Salford, with areas of severe income deprivation both to the north and south of the ward. Residents are on average more likely to live in semi detached housing, with 208 homes added between 1994 and 2004. To the south,	,	PUNCT	the	DET	 the
Insomniac agreed, resulting in most of the Ratchet & Clank engine technology being developed in house by Insomniac, but some very important renderers were those developed by Naughty Dog. Looking back on the agreement, Ted Price said that " Naughty Dog's generosity gave us a	a	DET	huge	ADJ	 huge
Hand's reputation as a libertarian obscures the fact that he was cautious as a judge. Though a liberal, he argued for judicial restraint in interpreting the Constitution, and regarded the advancement of civil liberties as a task for the legislature, not the courts. In	In	ADP	his	PRON	 his
She was 105 feet 4 inches (32.11 m) long by 13 feet 9 inches (4.19 m) abeam and had a draft of 12 feet 10 inches (3.91 m). She displaced 240 tonnes (260 short tons) surfaced, and 273 tonnes (	(	PUNCT	301	NUM	301
U 47's seventh patrol consisted of her travelling north of the British Isles and into the North Atlantic, south of Iceland. During a period of 30 days, she sank a total of six enemy vessels and damaged another. U 47's first victory during her	her	PRON	seventh	ADJ	 seventh
He also cited his own credentials on race stating that as attorney general of Virginia he faced the issue when he had to deal with the burning of African American churches, which gave him a good standing with the African American community in his own judgment. On May	May	PROPN	18	NUM	 18
Hearings into Teapot Dome began in October 1923, after Harding's death. Fall had left office earlier that year, but he denied receiving any money from Sinclair or Doheny; Sinclair agreed. The following month, Walsh learned that Fall had spent lavishly on expanding and	and	CCONJ	improving	VERB	 improving
The earliest " Bijelo Brdo " assemblages are dated via unearthed coins to the rule of Constantine VII Porphyrogenitus in the middle of the 10th century. Early cemeteries of the culture were unearthed, for instance, at Beremend and Csongrád in Hungary, at Dévény (Devín)	)	PUNCT	and	CCONJ	 and
Schleswig Holstein saw action during the engagement, and was hit by one large caliber shell. After the battle, Schleswig Holstein was relegated to guard duty in the mouth of the Elbe River before being decommissioned in late 1917. As one of the few battleships permitted for	for	ADP	Germany	PROPN	 Germany
Some DIN valves are convertible to A clamp by use of an insert which is screwed into the opening. Y and H cylinder valves have two outlets, each with its own valve, allowing two regulators to be connected to the cylinder. If one regulator " freeflows	freeflows	NOUN	"	PUNCT	 "
The South African military attacked insurgents in Cunene Province on 12 May 1980. The Angolan Ministry of Defense accused the South African government of wounding and killing civilians. Nine days later, the SADF attacked again, this time in Cuando Cubango, and the MPLA threatened to	to	PART	respond	VERB	 respond
They trot at a speed of 6 – 13 km / h, and have a maximum running speed of 50 km / h. They have a stride of 25 – 35 cm (9.8 – 13.8 in) when walking at a normal pace. North American red foxes	foxes	NOUN	are	AUX	 are
James appeared in three additional Women's World Championships, all three of which were won by Canada over the United States. She was named an all star at forward in the 1992 tournament in Tampere, Finland, where Canada won the gold medal with an 8 –	–	SYM	0	NUM	 0
For Chipotle's 18 year anniversary, the company began wrapping its burritos in gold foil as part of a larger promotion to draw attention to its Food With Integrity mantra. Also as part of the gold foil campaign, Chipotle is offering prizes for customer created pictures of	of	ADP	items	NOUN	 items
Among his last visitors were Oscar Wilde and James Whistler. Burges died in the Red Bed on 20 April 1881, just over three years after moving into the Tower House; he was 53 years old. He was buried in West Norwood Cemetery. The lease on	on	ADP	the	DET	 the
While angered by Taylor's manner, the officers defended themselves in a restrained way. The next day Khánh met Taylor and the Vietnamese leader made oblique accusations that the U.S. wanted a puppet ally; he also criticized Taylor for his manner the previous day. When Taylor	Taylor	PROPN	told	VERB	 told
In 1991, the presumed burial site of the imperial family and their servants was excavated in the woods outside Yekaterinburg. The grave had been found nearly a decade earlier, but was kept hidden by its discoverers from the Communists who were still ruling Russia at the time	time	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
He explains to Andy that the only reason he asked Erin out was because Andy gave his blessing, which Andy reveals was just a result of his difficulty saying no to how politely Gabe asked him. Gabe tells Andy that he is going to let this whole situation	situation	NOUN	slide	VERB	 slide
In 1996, when the band's third North American single " Only Happy When it Rains " had driven the sales of Garbage into the top half of the Billboard 200 for the first time, Almo Sounds considered re releasing " Vow ", feeling that on its	its	PRON	initial	ADJ	 initial
Falling out of favour with Bormann meant that access to Hitler was cut off. Bormann proved to be a master of intricate political infighting. Along with his ability to control access to Hitler, this enabled him to curtail the power of Joseph Goebbels, Göring, Himmler	Himmler	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
The main battery turrets were reasonably well protected: the turret roofs were 130 mm (5.1 in) thick, the sides were 220 mm (8.7 in) thick, and the faces were 360 mm (14 in) thick with 220 mm (8.7 in)	)	PUNCT	thick	ADJ	 thick
Except a tour of duty in the military during World War II, Mara spent his entire adult life with the team. He was beloved by many of the players, and was noted for making an effort to get to know each of them. The Giants dedicated	dedicated	VERB	their	PRON	 their
As From Autumn to Ashes prepared to begin studio recording for the album, Mark noted that Perri " never came out to any of the practices and he had no involvement. But that was also the way it was when we wrote Abandon Your Friends. " Perri	Perri	PROPN	had	AUX	 had
Capon Chapel and its associated cemetery are located to the east Christian Church Road (West Virginia Secondary Route 13), approximately 2.01 miles (3.23 km) south of Capon Bridge and 1.14 miles (1.83 km) northeast of the unincorporated community of Bubbling Spring in southeastern	southeastern	ADJ	Hampshire	PROPN	 Hampshire
During the season, this was the match in the country with the most spectators not hosted at Rosenborg's home ground Lerkendal. On 27 May, the arena hosted its only international match, with Norway beating Saudi Arabia 6 – 0 in a 1998 World Cup friendly	friendly	ADJ	.	PUNCT	.
In the 1970s and 1980s, the initial success of Solidarity in particular, and of dissident movements in general, was fed by a deepening crisis within Soviet influenced societies. There was declining morale, worsening economic conditions (a shortage economy), and growing stress from	from	ADP	the	DET	 the
Many riders and teams believed that the stage suited Movistar Team's Alejandro Valverde, who had finished second on the Mende stage in 2010 before the result was expunged due to his doping suspension later in the year. Four riders – Vacansoleil – DCM's Frederik Veuchelen,	,	PUNCT	GreenEDGE	NOUN	 GreenEDGE
In the long and hard struggle that followed, which involved amphibious operations in the Mesopotamian Marshes, Abu'l Abbas and his own military slaves (ghilman) — of which the long serving Zirak al Turki was the chief — played the major role: although the Abbasid armies	armies	NOUN	eventually	ADV	 eventually
Paxillus involutus forms ectomycorrhizal relationships with a number of coniferous and deciduous tree species. Because the fungus has somewhat unspecialised nutrient requirements and a relatively broad host specificity, it has been frequently used in research and seedling inoculation programs. There is evidence of the benefit to trees	trees	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
Pheidippides arrived during the festival of Carneia, a sacrosanct period of peace, and was informed that the Spartan army could not march to war until the full moon rose; Athens could not expect reinforcement for at least ten days. The Athenians would have to hold out	out	ADP	at	ADP	 at
' Shaheem Reid and Jayson Rodriguez off MTV News stated that " Summer Love " alongside Timberlake's 2007 singles " My Love " and " LoveStoned ", rocked every iPod, stereo player and stadium during his tour. North by Northwestern's Dagny Salas called " Summer	Summer	PROPN	Love	PROPN	 Love
As students grow older, they commit more facts to memory, and learn to derive other facts rapidly and fluently. Many students never commit all the facts to memory, but can still find any basic fact quickly. The standard algorithm for adding multidigit numbers is to	to	PART	align	VERB	 align
The first English language histories of the battle were written and published by Texas Ranger and amateur historian John Henry Brown. The next major treatment of the battle was Reuben Potter's The Fall of the Alamo, published in The Magazine of American History in 1878. Potter	Potter	NOUN	based	VERB	 based
The enemy, therefore must by now be painfully aware that a decision of the United Nations to depart from its tolerant effort to contain the war to the area of Korea, through an expansion of our military operations to its coastal areas and interior bases, would doom	doom	VERB	Red	PROPN	 Red
From 7 June until 16 August, it first consolidated and then expanded its bridgehead. On 10 June the decision was taken to expand the bridgehead to the east of the River Orne, with 6th Airborne Division tasked with achieving this; however, it was deemed not	not	PART	to	PART	 to
" Space " and " Time " were later released on the DVD and Blu ray sets of the sixth series. Amy Pond (Karen Gillan) is trying to get the Doctor's (Matt Smith) attention while he fixes the TARDIS. She discovers that her	her	PRON	husband	NOUN	 husband
He never considered himself a master of the art, but rather an " evangelist " of kung fu. By 2003 he had acquired enough expertise in martial arts to produce and star in several instructional videos on T ' ai chi and Qigong. In 2005, Carradine	Carradine	PROPN	visited	VERB	 visited
Many of the processes are distinctly old fashioned; thus, Hartley describes basting, dredging, and frothing, switching between the past and present tenses: " Dredging. This was done between bastings. Thus you dredge with powders or spices to give flavour, or with	with	ADP	acid	ADJ	 acid
The complex includes the Houston Public Library (HPL) Express Southwest library extension. The center also houses the Mayor's Office for Immigrant and Refugee Affairs and the Mayor's Citizens ' Assistance Office (CAO) Southwest Satellite Office. Construction of the center was scheduled to	to	PART	begin	VERB	 begin
One early wealthy resident was Chicago businessman J. W. Gates who would gamble on stocks on Wall Street and play poker at the hotel. He paid up to $50,000 a year to hire suites at the hotel, where he had his own private entrance and elevator.	.	PUNCT	Grand	PROPN	 Grand
Her old machinery was replaced with more efficient equipment and her twenty boilers were replaced with eight oil fired models; the new power plant was rated at 75,000 shp (56,000 kW) and speed increased to 26 kn (48 km / h; 30 mph).	.	PUNCT	The	DET	 The
Despite this, there are several weaknesses to its institutional design in the sense that certain informal aspects of CPC rule compete with formal procedures (that the CCDI and its lower level organs are tasked with supervising) for hegemony; examples are, as outlined Xuezhi Guo,	,	PUNCT	"	PUNCT	 "
In situations where a forecaster expects a significant threat of extremely severe and life threatening weather, a watch with special enhanced wording, " Particularly Dangerous Situation " (PDS), is subjectively issued. It is occasionally issued with tornado watches, normally for the potential of	of	ADP	major	ADJ	 major
In an effort to attain air time for Jackson, CBS Records President Walter Yetnikoff pressured MTV and declared, " I'm not going to give you any more videos and I'm going to go public and fucking tell them about the fact you don't want to	to	PART	play	VERB	 play
The colonists inflicted heavy casualties on the regulars, using the fence to steady and aim their muskets, and benefit from a modicum of cover. With this devastating barrage of musket fire, the regulars retreated in disarray, and the militia held their ground. The regulars	regulars	NOUN	reformed	VERB	 reformed
It was to be a year round, permanent ensemble, singing in English, instead of the short, starry international seasons of pre war years. Many saw this as an opportunity to merge the two companies, as the modus operandi of the new Covent Garden company	company	NOUN	was	AUX	 was
During the two hundred date tour supporting A.M., Tweedy began to write songs for a second album. The lyrical theme of the songs reflected a relationship between musical artist and a listener; Tweedy chose this topic because he sought to eschew the alternative country fan base.	.	PUNCT	Ken	PROPN	 Ken
On 28 August 2007, it was announced that a bid from Sunderland had been accepted by Stoke, after Higginbotham had handed a transfer request to the club. Higginbotham wrote in his autobiography that Pulis would only authorise the deal if he handed in a transfer request.	.	PUNCT	Higginbotham	PROPN	 Higginbotham
The position had already been filled, but the professor of chemistry there, W. L. Evans, knew that Winfred F. (Buck) Coover at Iowa State College in Ames, Iowa, had a position. " I wouldn't normally have chosen the place, "	"	PUNCT	Spedding	NOUN	 Spedding
Yaya Touré unleashed a 30 yard strike in the 11th minute which went only inches wide of the top corner of the goal, while Mario Balotelli had a curling shot from the corner of the penalty area in the 24th minute which was destined for the goal but for	for	ADP	a	DET	 a
The yolk provides the liquid nourishment for the embryo caterpillar until it escapes from the shell. The cytoplasm is enclosed by the vitteline envelope and a proteinaceous membrane called the chorion protects the egg externally. The zygote nucleus is located posteriorly. In some species of Lepidoptera,	,	PUNCT	a	DET	 a
There is evidence that it could have developed a circulation on July 24 before it struck the Yucatán Peninsula. It is confirmed to have developed into a tropical depression on July 25 in the Bay of Campeche. As it continued west northwestward, it rapidly intensified into Tropical	Tropical	PROPN	Storm	PROPN	 Storm
The player can also split the squad into smaller units should strategy so require. The game has an online cooperative mode for up to four players, though Strategy Informer noted this mode is unpopular. As well as facing large numbers of equally frail enemy infantry, the	the	DET	player	NOUN	 player
Their emergence also evidences the employment of an educated staff. Indeed, students from the kingdom studied at the universities of Paris, Oxford, Bologna and Padua from the 1150s. Aspects of 12th century French culture could also be detected in Béla III's kingdom. His	His	PRON	palace	NOUN	 palace
Within two months of Selena's death, Astudillo performed the track during a Memorial Day concert held in Houston, Texas. American Tejano performer Jennifer Pena performed " Bidi Bidi Bom Bom " at a live event, impressing music executives. Peña became a professional singer after	after	SCONJ	her	PRON	 her
Similar destruction has been seen on Midway Island (1943) and Big South Cape Island (1962). Conservation projects can with careful planning completely eradicate these pest rodents from islands using an anticoagulant rodenticide such as brodifacoum. This approach has been successful on the island of	of	ADP	Lundy	PROPN	 Lundy
This also served to keep her costs relatively low. Commandant Teste was 167 m (547 ft 11 in) long overall. She had a maximum beam of 27 m (88 ft 7 in) and a draught of 6.7 m (22 ft 0 in)	)	PUNCT	.	PUNCT	.
Three miles (5 km) west of town, about 7: 30 a.m. on July 1, the two brigades met light resistance from vedettes of Union cavalry, and deployed into line. According to lore, the Union soldier to fire the first shot of the	the	DET	battle	NOUN	 battle
Xinhua reported that Guangdong authorities had arrested two people who are suspected of having spread rumours online which alleged sexual assault of Han women had taken place. In addition, it reported on 7 July 2009 that 13 suspects had been taken into custody following the incident, of	of	ADP	which	PRON	 which
The region is covered with mainly alluvial or black soil which is conducive for rice cultivation. Other crops grown in Kumbakonam include mulberry, cereals and sugarcane. The town of Kumbakonam is surrounded by extensive paddy fields. Methods of irrigation were considerably improved following the opening of	of	ADP	the	DET	 the
When a character is knocked beyond a stage's boundary and disappears from the screen, the character loses either a life, a point, or coins, depending on the mode of play. Brawl includes a function which allows players to create profiles with personalized button configurations	configurations	NOUN	for	ADP	 for
Bouchard's popularity was such that his remarks that the Québécois were the " white race " with the lowest rate of reproduction, which threatened to cast the project as focused on ethnic nationalism, were traversed with ease. Bloc Québécois MP Suzanne Tremblay was less successful in	in	ADP	this	DET	 this
Glover believes Lionel has two competing agendas with Lex — for Lex to become his own man and for Lex to follow in his father's steps. This becomes frustrating for Lex because Lionel wants his son to be both " loyal follower " and the " best person	person	NOUN	he	PRON	 he
The efforts of McCain and Feingold were opposed by some of the moneyed interests targeted, by incumbents in both parties, by those who felt spending limits impinged on free political speech and might be unconstitutional as well, and by those who wanted to counterbalance the power of	of	ADP	what	PRON	 what
The secretion from the arm contains a chemical related to cat allergen, but may be augmented by secondary toxins from the diet in wild individuals. Slow lorises move slowly and deliberately, making little or no noise, and when threatened, they stop moving and remain motionless	motionless	ADJ	.	PUNCT	.
The setting of one Tang poem describes a yurt, and the performance of a Turkic actress was hosted in the emperor's palace Following the Tang Dynasty's defeat of the Eastern Turkic Khaganate, the government authorized the settlement of Turks along the borders of the Tang empire	empire	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
The four transports were unarmed and filled with civilians from the Seoul area, en route to Japan. Around 12: 00, a flight of five Korean People's Air Force (KPAF) Lavochkin La 7 appeared at an altitude of 10,000 feet (3,000 m)	)	PUNCT	.	PUNCT	.
A number of fixtures had to be postponed due to the state of the pitch, which was described as resembling a ploughed field, and the surface had to be heavily sanded before an FA Cup match against Leeds United. At the end of the season, taking	taking	VERB	advantage	NOUN	 advantage
This storm has been paleotempestologically traced in sediment near Gales Point. The system steadily weakened over land. Based on reports from several ships, a tropical storm is known to have existed off the East Coast of the United States between September 5 and September 8. A	A	DET	number	NOUN	 number
In 1977, the Federal Trade Commission (FTC) said PRSA's code of conduct inhibited fair competition by requiring members not to solicit clients from other members. It issued a consent order that required PRSA to remove content from its code of conduct that contained sexist language	language	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
Thick blood functions similarly to experience points, and players gain more by shooting Smiles ' critical points. The player may redeem thick blood for " serum " while in " Harman's Room ", checkpoints that appear throughout the game. Serum is used to improve the	the	DET	attributes	NOUN	 attributes
A new report was published in June 2011. In September 2012, the ministry concluded that also the second report was insufficient and that it would be discarded. There were two main concerns with the report. Firstly, it was based on a single track line which	which	PRON	would	AUX	 would
" Museum and library offers to house the diary Yad Vashem Holocaust Museum in Jerusalem The United States Holocaust Memorial Museum in Washington, D.C. The Canadian Museum for Human Rights, to be built in 2012. Purdue University Columbia University Stanford University, Hoover Institute University of Texas	Texas	PROPN	at	ADP	 at
Nuncio Angelo Roncalli (who became Pope John XXIII, and was recognized by Yad Vashem as Righteous Among the Nations) ignored this directive. Abe Foxman, the national director of the Anti Defamation League (ADL), who had himself been baptized as a child and	and	CCONJ	had	AUX	 had
The episode seems to suffer from ADD as it can ’ t focus on any topic for very long. It flits from one gag to another with abandon and rarely makes much sense – or produces many laughs. Yeah, it has a few amusing moments, but	but	CCONJ	it	PRON	 it
NGC 678 is further distinguished by its prominent dust lane. NGC 691 itself is a spiral galaxy slightly inclined to our line of sight. It has multiple spiral arms and a bright core. Because it is so diffuse, it has a low surface brightness. It	It	PRON	has	VERB	 has
" When the single's cover was revealed, it divided opinions. Becky Bain of Idolator liked " simplicity of the black and white cover, " though she felt it strange that the image " didn't have color or glasses. " Rap Up magazine thought the	the	DET	opposite	NOUN	 opposite
The series bears the new name of Zimbabwe's capital (Harare) and is indifferent to the last two series except for the date and signature. In August 1993, Leonard L. Tsumba replaced K. Moyana as governor of the Reserve Bank. The banknotes which carried his	his	PRON	signature	NOUN	 signature
Following the shooting at the Pulse nightclub in Orlando in June 2016, Perry and nearly 200 other artists and executives in music signed an open letter organized by Billboard addressed to United States Congress demanding increased gun control in the United States. Through Twitter and by performing at	at	ADP	his	PRON	 his
He continued research as a professor emeritus into his 80s, purchasing a hand printing press that he used to self publish a series of reports based on previous research he had made of snails. These papers were published under the name " Calliostoma Press ". Proofread by	by	ADP	his	PRON	 his
Spider Man and his wife Mary Jane Watson agree, and this part of their history is erased so that, effectively, they have never been married. Additionally, the demon erases the world's collective memory of Spider Man's secret identity, which had been exposed	exposed	VERB	in	ADP	 in
Collins and Fanning acknowledged that the album's experimental nature could lose them some old fans, but the pair drew parallels with bands such as U2, who Collins said had " constantly re invented themselves, and with success ". He said Powderfinger's reinvention was as	as	ADV	much	ADJ	 much
Frentzen retired from ninth position with a gearbox failure on lap 29. Villeneuve made a pit stop from sixth on lap 34 and retained the position. Ralf Schumacher opened a gap of 6.1 seconds over Barrichello by his one and only pit stop on lap 35 and rejoined	rejoined	VERB	in	ADP	 in
Sanchez signed with the Philadelphia Eagles on March 29, 2014, for a 1 year, $2.25 million contract. After spending seven full games as Nick Foles ' backup, Sanchez filled in for an injured Foles, in a Week 9 game against the Houston Texans	Texans	PROPN	.	PUNCT	.
During the unrest, the price of food skyrocketed when transport system was disrupted, causing further hardship for the people. The state and federal governments also had conflicts on the economic front. UMNO leaders feared that the economic dominance of Singapore would inevitably shift political power away	away	ADV	from	ADP	 from
At the entrance to the gate, two red stone statues of elephants with mahouts stand as sentinels. The gate was also the location for announcing the arrival and departure of royalty by musicians playing the trumpet from a gallery in the gate. The other gates are Karan	Karan	PROPN	Pol	PROPN	 Pol
Villeneuve described the incident after the race " The car felt very strange. The hit was very hard. It was not a small thing. " He continued but the damage to his car meant he was slower than the cars behind him. At the time of	of	ADP	the	DET	 the
The song peaked at number eight on the UK Singles Chart, number four on the Scottish Singles Chart, and inside the top twenty on the Irish Singles Chart. It additionally charted in Poland and Slovakia. The music video for the song was filmed in September 2009	2009	NUM	amid	ADP	 amid
Dvorak satellite classifications began at 1200 UTC on October 17, and six hours later, the system developed into Tropical Depression Fourteen while located about 700 miles (1,100 km) east of the Windward Islands. Initially, the depression had well defined upper level outflow, though	though	SCONJ	the	DET	 the
However, the bickering continued, with Waters issuing the occasional slight against his former friends, and Gilmour and Mason responding by making light of Waters ' claims that they would fail without him. The Momentary Lapse tour was phenomenally successful. In every venue booked in the	the	DET	US	PROPN	 US
The Communist Party of Kampuchea headquarters was moved to Ratanakiri in 1966, and hundreds of Khmer Loeu joined CPK units. During this period, there was also extensive Vietnamese activity in Ratanakiri. Vietnamese communists had operated in Ratanakiri since the 1940s; at a June 1969 press	press	NOUN	conference	NOUN	 conference
" Jon Pareles from The New York Times, said the song " put an oblique, sometimes apocalyptic spin on pop romance in the verses but kept the choruses clear and catchy, never disguising their pop intentions, " adding that the " posing was always a little	little	ADJ	preposterous	ADJ	 preposterous
The Bruneian empire had authority only along the coastal regions of Sarawak held by semi independent Malay leaders. Meanwhile, the interior hinterland of Sarawak was mainly dominated by tribal wars fought by Iban, Kayan, and Kenyah people who were aggressive in their territorial expansions. Following	Following	VERB	the	DET	 the
According to Hindu theology, there are five sacred lakes collectively called Panch Sarovar (' Sarovar ' means " lake "). Namely, Mansarovar, Bindu Sarovar, Narayan Sarovar, Pampa Sarovar and Pushkar Sarovar; hence, Pushkar is considered one of the most sacred	sacred	ADJ	places	NOUN	 places
The eldest son of former Geelong champion Jack Hawkins, he was drafted by Geelong under the father son draft rule and wears the number 26 jumper. He plays as a center half forward or a full forward. Hawkins was born in Finley, New South Wales to	to	ADP	Jack	PROPN	 Jack
In 308 AD, he raided the territory of the Bructeri, and made a bridge across the Rhine at Colonia Agrippinensium (Cologne). In 310 AD, he marched to the northern Rhine and fought the Franks. When not campaigning, he toured his lands advertising	advertising	VERB	his	PRON	 his
After fluctuating down the charts, the album reached number ten on the issue dated March 7, 2009. It then reached a peak of number two on the chart. The album also topped Billboard's Dance / Electronic Albums chart; it stayed at the number one	one	NUM	spot	NOUN	 spot
Another, more lighthearted response to the episode came from an unhappy viewer in Lubbock, Texas, who sent a telegram stating that " Henry Blake has been found in a raft in Lake Lubbock. " Initially, Gelbart and Reynolds handwrote letters in response to the feedback	feedback	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
The first rider to break away for any length of time was Vacansoleil – DCM's Borut Božič, coming clear at the 44 km (27 mi) mark. He was joined shortly thereafter by a bridging Bert Grabsch, and just 6 km (3.7 mi)	)	PUNCT	after	ADP	 after
These veins and rakes have been mined for lead since Roman times. The Peak District was covered by ice during at least one of the ice ages of the last 2 million years (probably the Anglian glaciation of around 450,000 years ago) as evidenced by the patches	patches	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
The Pearl Roundabout, now cleared of protesters, was torn down by government and protesters found themselves pushed back into their villages. The government arrested over 1,000 protesters including leading opposition and rights activists (known as the Bahrain Thirteen) as well as sportsmen, academics,	,	PUNCT	businessmen	NOUN	 businessmen
Much of this was accomplished at the behest of Motown chief Berry Gordy and Maxine Powell, who ran Motown's in house finishing school and Artist Development department. Unlike many of her contemporaries, Ross sang in a thin, calm voice, and her vocal styling was	was	AUX	matched	VERB	 matched
This view was strongly opposed by Averroës and many scholastic philosophers who supported Aristotle. The Aristotelian view was also challenged in the Islamic world. For example, Ibn al Haytham (Alhazen) seems to have supported Philoponus ' views, while he developed a concept similar to	to	ADP	inertia	VERB	 inertia
Rwanda's national football team has appeared in the African Cup of Nations once, in the 2004 edition of the tournament, but narrowly failed to advance beyond the group stages. The team have failed to qualify for the competition since, and have never qualified for the	the	DET	World	PROPN	 World
He thinks for a moment in silence, and his mind wanders back to his lost Lenore. He thinks the air grows denser and feels the presence of angels, and wonders if God is sending him a sign that he is to forget Lenore. The bird again	again	ADV	replies	VERB	 replies
That goal is the real goal as far as I am concerned. The manuscript later became part of Scientology mythology. An early 1950s Scientology publication offered signed " gold bound and locked " copies for the sum of $1,500 apiece (equivalent to about $29,000 now	now	ADV	)	PUNCT	)
In the sprint, world champion Thor Hushovd again led out race leader Tyler Farrar, but may have been too strong in so doing, as he briefly opened up a gap on his team leader. Cavendish lost the wheel of his leadout man Mark Renshaw, and	and	CCONJ	again	ADV	 again
" Pendle considered that the cultural stigma attached to Parsons ' occultism was the primary cause of his low public profile, noting that " Like many scientific mavericks, Parsons was eventually discarded by the establishment once he had served his purpose. " It was this unorthodox mindset	mindset	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
Floods and landslides contributed EC $17.6 million of damage to the island's road network, while river floods destroyed EC $45.5 million of river walls. Flooding also devastated the agriculture sector and 95% of the crops were lost. Replanting a rehabilitation of the banana	banana	NOUN	trees	NOUN	 trees
Indeed, while the value of using armour in Vietnam was originally questioned by the Australian Army, the performance of the tanks during the fighting at Coral and Balmoral demonstrated their advantages once and for all. Indeed, whereas before the battle some infantry had doubted the usefulness	usefulness	NOUN	or	CCONJ	 or
After the Yadkin River Valley was raided by Cherokee, the Boones and many other families fled north to Culpeper County, Virginia. Boone served in the North Carolina militia during this " Cherokee Uprising ". His militia expeditions deep into Cherokee territory beyond the Blue Ridge Mountains	Mountains	PROPN	separated	VERB	 separated
As Anderson explains, these are " a result of Umbrella experimenting with the Undead and attempting to give them back some of their reasoning power, some of their intelligence and a little of their humanity. Unfortunately, these experiments don't quite work and the side effect	effect	NOUN	is	AUX	 is
" Writing in 1833, before the church was closed, the antiquarian Angharad Llwyd described St Michael's as " a spacious and ancient structure. " She also noted the " ancient stained glass " in the east window, " of brilliant colours ". Visiting twelve	twelve	NUM	years	NOUN	 years
By 1375, the king had commissioned John Barbour to write the poem, The Brus, a history intended to bolster the public image of the Stewarts as the genuine heirs of Robert I. It described the patriotic acts of both Sir James, the Black Douglas and Walter	Walter	PROPN	the	DET	 the
The company was acquired by Mirrorsoft in February 1987, and was later dispossessed by the company due to strains of debt. The game received mixed to positive reviews from critics upon release. Gwyn Hughes of Your Sinclair praised the game's fast pace and tempo of gameplay	gameplay	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
Wang Mang preserved these central government monopolies. When Eastern Han began, they were once again repealed, the industries given to local commandery governments and private entrepreneurs. Emperor Zhang of Han (r. 75 – 88 AD) briefly reintroduced the central government monopolies on salt and	and	CCONJ	iron	NOUN	 iron
Soon after the election results were announced, Jones was quoted in a newspaper as saying that he had talked with Wilkinson about opening channels with the media, whom Wilkinson often refused to speak with. Jones also said that he did not agree with all of Wilkinson's	's	PART	political	ADJ	 political
Though the sport has applied for re admission for 2016, baseball is no longer contested as a medal event at the Olympics. Since baseball was first included as a medal sport at the 1992 Games in Barcelona, Australia has participated in three of the five tournaments.	.	PUNCT	The	DET	 The
Both his parents – mother Rajam Mariasingam and father Loorthu – were primary school teachers. When Leon was young, his parents moved from the south of Tamil Nadu to Coimbatore. Leon's early years were spent in this city – a place he still visits every two	two	NUM	years	NOUN	 years
In a deleted scene, it would have been mentioned that DeSoto and Picard had served together as lieutenants previously. The character would go on to be mentioned later in the series in " The Pegasus ", and in the Star Trek: Deep Space Nine episode "	"	PUNCT	Treachery	PROPN	 Treachery
Several areas have outcrops of slates. Younger rocks of the Jurassic period can be found between St Audries and Kilve. This area falls within the Blue Anchor to Lilstock Site of Special Scientific Interest (SSSI) and is considered to be of international geological importance. Kilve	Kilve	PROPN	has	VERB	 has
On April 3, with Union troops under Ulysses S. Grant poised to capture Richmond, Davis escaped to Danville, Virginia, together with the Confederate Cabinet, leaving on the Richmond and Danville Railroad. Lincoln sat in Davis's Richmond office just 40 hours later. William	William	PROPN	T.	PROPN	 T.
She was particularly impressed by Debra's choice to leave Lundy and LaGuerta's grief over Doakes's death. TV Squad's Keith McDuffee thought that " The British Invasion " was unsurprising and predictable but enjoyable nonetheless. Zap2it reviewer Daniel Fienberg felt that the episode was disappointing	disappointing	ADJ	in	ADP	 in
Harry Wismer, representing the city of New York at the meeting, proclaimed the state was ready for another professional football team and that he was more than capable of running the daily operations. Wismer was granted the charter franchise later dubbed the Titans of New York as	as	SCONJ	Wismer	PROPN	 Wismer
Lacke prepares to kill Eli, but Oskar, who was hiding inside the apartment, interferes; Eli immediately wakes up, jumps on Lacke and kills him, feeding on his blood. Eli thanks Oskar and kisses him in gratitude. However, an upstairs neighbor is	is	AUX	angrily	ADV	 angrily
Meanwhile, Lincoln and Charlie become somewhat distrustful of Walternate after learning what he hid from them. They consider that Colonel Broyles (Lance Reddick) disappeared around the same time that Fauxlivia returned, and wonder what else Walternate is hiding from them. " Bloodline " was	was	AUX	co	VERB	 co
Those in the afterlife school can still feel pain as they did when they were alive, as well as dying again, only to awaken later with no injuries. The story follows the main protagonist Otonashi, a boy who has lost his memories of his life after	after	ADP	dying	VERB	 dying
In July it was at Wivenhoe and later moved to Frinton and Clacton. Early in 1918, the regiment moved to Ireland with 4th Cyclist Brigade and was stationed in Dublin; there was no further change before the end of the war. The 3rd Line regiment was	was	AUX	formed	VERB	 formed
The story was written by Hal Barwood and Noah Falstein, the game's designers, who had rejected the original plan to base it on an unused movie script. They came up with the final concept while researching real world sources for a suitable plot device. Fate	Fate	PROPN	of	ADP	 of
Edward Teller was the most optimistic, predicting 45 kilotons of TNT (190 TJ). He wore gloves to protect his hands, and sunglasses underneath the welding goggles that the government had supplied everyone with. Teller was also one of the few scientists to actually watch	watch	VERB	the	DET	 the
One of the more noteworthy games was the 1980 3 – 3 slug fest at Grant Field during Bill Curry's first season, when then No.1 ranked Notre Dame left Grant Field with its hopes for a national championship in ruins, and once again the visitors were pelted	pelted	VERB	with	ADP	 with
" The album, Common One, consisted of six songs; the longest, " Summertime in England ", lasted fifteen and one half minutes and ended with the words, " Can you feel the silence? ". NME magazine's Paul Du Noyer called the	the	DET	album	NOUN	 album
In peace time, the war band's activity was centred on the " Great Hall ". Here, in both Germanic and Celtic cultures, the feasting, drinking and other forms of male bonding that kept up the war band's integrity would take place. In	In	ADP	the	DET	 the
During the contest, Peter and Mickey talk about American looks and diet in a drunk language. After the contest Mickey finally believes that Peter is his son, feeling that nobody but a member of his own family could beat him in something like a drinking contest.	.	PUNCT	Although	SCONJ	 Although
The team's captain was tackle Walker " Big Six " Carpenter. Its renowned backfield consisted of quarterback Al Hill, halfback Everett Strupper, halfback Joe Guyon, and freshman fullback Judy Harlan. Coach John Heisman's swift backfield used the pre snap movement of his "	"	PUNCT	jump	NOUN	 jump
Captain J.P. Howell called together a meeting of breeders of both the Pembroke and the Cardigan varieties, and formed the Welsh Corgi Club with an initial membership of 59 members. A general breed standard was drawn up, and Corgis began to appear in conformation shows. Until	Until	ADP	this	DET	 this
Padded harnesses are required, each musher must carry an appropriate amount of food, and additional food supplies must be in position at checkpoints. Mushers must start the race with at most fourteen dogs and finish with no fewer than six. Dogs are visually examined by veterinarians	veterinarians	NOUN	stationed	VERB	 stationed
The largest include white tailed deer (Odocoileus virginianus), the Florida black bear, and the Florida panther. Although slight changes in water level affect many species, the system as a whole also cycles and pulses with each change. Some transformations to the diversity of	of	ADP	plant	NOUN	 plant
The song is set to archival footage, showing images of Harrison's National resonator guitar, over which his handwritten lyrics are superimposed. In the opinion of Music Box editor John Metzger, this version of " Sue Me, Sue You Blues " " stings more than	than	ADP	its	PRON	 its
Australia carried approximately 3,200 long tons (3,251 t) of coal, and an additional 850 long tons (864 t) of fuel oil; this was sprayed on the coal to increase its burn rate. Australia carried eight BL 12 inch Mark X guns in four	four	NUM	BVIII	NOUN	 BVIII
Yaya DaCosta, runner up of America's Next Top Model, Cycle 3 appeared as Holly Bennett and Tobias Segal starred as Sean Wilcox. Playing more minor roles were; Edoardo Ballerini as Jeremy Nicholls, Zach McGowan as Vincent Stone and Charise Castro Smith as this episode	episode	NOUN	's	PART	's
Stoke City then travelled to fellow Midlands team Wolverhampton Wanderers for the fourth round, in one of five all Premier League ties. Stoke defender Robert Huth was a central figure in the match. Ten minutes from time he gave Stoke a 1 – 0 lead with a	a	DET	header	NOUN	 header
Also, players ' pensions were improved and dental care was added to the players ' insurance plans. Players also gained the right to select representation on the league's retirement board and the right to impartial arbitration for injury grievances. Following the 1970 agreement, many union	union	NOUN	representatives	NOUN	 representatives
This second effort, though more versatile, was also a substantial disadvantage because it was less efficient and often too slow to follow the moving front line units. In mid July, the UN Far East Air Force Bomber Command began a steady and increasing campaign against strategic	strategic	ADJ	North	ADJ	 North
In the course of those operational training evolutions, she rescued a pilot and crewman who survived the crash of a plane from the aircraft carrier Forrestal. Wisconsin reached Valencia, Spain, on 10 May and, three days later, entertained prominent civilian and military officials of	of	ADP	the	DET	 the
Elsewhere, elements of the 1st and 2nd Battalions, US 187 RCT successfully linked up at Sunchon that afternoon. The North Korean 239th Regiment had subsequently established defensive positions on a line of hills extending southwest to northeast across the highway at Yongju and the railway at Opa	Opa	PROPN	ri	PROPN	 ri
For the morning of 11 June, Admiral Miklos Horthy planned a major assault on the Otranto Barrage; the three Erzherzog Karls and the four Tegetthoff class battleships were to provide support for the Novara class cruisers. The plan was intended to replicate the success of the raid	raid	NOUN	conducted	VERB	 conducted
The large circulation of Isabel dropped moderate rainfall across the area, peaking at 4.51 inches (115 mm) in Whiteville. Additionally, weather radars estimated over 5 inches (125 mm) of precipitation fell in portions of New Hanover County. The rainfall resulted in ponding	ponding	VERB	on	ADP	 on
Young Grossmith's sketches at this time included The Puddleton Penny Readings, Our Choral Society and In the Stalls. They toured almost constantly for the following three years, but they returned to see their families in London on weekends. Around this time, he met and	and	CCONJ	became	VERB	 became
" Wright soon began implementing a plan to have two groups of white sailors load ammunition in rotation with black sailors: one division of 100 men at Mare Island and another at Port Chicago. No plan was forwarded to use black officers to command the black sailors,	,	PUNCT	and	CCONJ	 and
PHC adds new facilities and programs only as funds are available. The Home School Legal Defense Association is one of the primary benefactors of the school, and all members of the association receive a $1300 grant if they are accepted as students. The school has attracted	attracted	VERB	reports	NOUN	 reports
Since 2005, the SFA have supported the use of Scottish Gaelic on the national team's strip in recognition of the language's revival in Scotland. Scotland have not always played in dark blue; on a number of occasions between 1881 and 1951 they played in the	the	DET	primrose	NOUN	 primrose
New research indicates that many white dwarfs — at least in certain types of galaxies — may not approach that limit by way of accretion. It has been postulated that at least some of the white dwarfs that become supernovae attain the necessary mass by colliding with one another	another	DET	.	PUNCT	.
By August, the fighting had ended and Adachi had been defeated. MacArthur accelerated his timetable yet again in September 1944, and brought forward the planned invasion of Leyte to October 1944. That this was the worst time of the year for campaigning on Leyte was not	not	PART	overlooked	VERB	 overlooked
Around 1400, the destroyer Sazanami returned to the scene and rescued only 203 survivors, the rest of her crew of 834 died during the attack or in the water awaiting rescue. Shōhō was the first Japanese aircraft carrier lost during the war. Zuihō led the Support	Support	PROPN	Fleet	PROPN	 Fleet
Greg McElroy set an all time Alabama record by completing 14 consecutive pass attempts and was 18 – 24 for 241 yards and a touchdown. For his 113 yard, two touchdown rushing performance, Richardson was named the SEC Freshman of the Week. The victory improved Alabama	Alabama	PROPN	's	PART	's
An Ottoman counterattack on 10 August, led by Mustafa Kemal, swept these two battalions from the heights. Of 760 men in the New Zealand Wellington Battalion who reached the summit 711 became casualties. With the Turkish forces having recaptured the vital ground the Allies ' best	best	ADJ	chance	NOUN	 chance
Saadiq and Brungardt both liked to layer multiple instruments and, prior to recording, had contemplated techniques such as sampling and drum programming. However, they ultimately found live instrumentalists more dynamic and challenged themselves to reproduce older music productions and the Motown aesthetic of the 1960s.	.	PUNCT	To	PART	 To
However, when his white Celtics teammate Frank Ramsey asked whether he hated him, Russell claimed to be misquoted, but few believed it. According to Taylor, Russell overlooked the fact that his career was only made possible by the white people who were proven anti racists	racists	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
The Hyderabad Lancers had twelve men killed in action, four died as a result of their wounds, seven were reported missing believed killed and forty three were wounded. The casualties for the Jodhpur Lancers, while serving with the brigade, were seventeen men killed in action	action	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
The cairn had been left there just six hours before, when the three men had returned to the hut. Struggling on his injured feet and lacking crampons (he had thrown his away after he crossed the Mertz Glacier), Mawson took three days to reach Aladdin	Aladdin	PROPN	's	PART	's
In the nucleus, the exosome is required for the correct processing of several small nuclear RNA molecules. Finally, the nucleolus is the compartment where the majority of the exosome complexes are found. There it plays a role in the processing of the 5.8S ribosomal RNA (	(	PUNCT	the	DET	the
It is the third installment in the Ratchet & Clank series and was released in North America on November 3, 2004. Shortly after it was released in Japan on November 25, the first volume of the Ratchet & Clank manga, drawn by Shinbo Nomura, was	was	AUX	released	VERB	 released
Cliff gives him an amount of money representing a generous monthly salary for a " regular person ". He then takes money out of Theo's hand in amounts representing various costs such as housing, food, clothes, transportation and finally a girlfriend, until there is	is	VERB	nothing	PRON	 nothing
In addition to domestic uses, commercially extracted turf is used in a number of industries, especially electricity generation though peat is being combined with biomass for dual firing electricity generation. In recent years, the high level of bog being destroyed by cutting has raised environmental concerns	concerns	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
Tomlinson removed the references to Mandela in the British edition of the book, conceding that Mandela was probably unaware that the officials with whom he spoke were affiliated with MI6. In May 1999, a list of 116 alleged MI6 agents was sent to the LaRouche movement's	's	PART	publication	NOUN	 publication
Nevertheless, she considered the second story as enjoyable as the first. Mary Stuart thought the final conflict with Tom Riddle in the Chamber was almost as scary as in some of Stephen King's works, and perhaps too strong for young or timid children. She commented	commented	VERB	that	SCONJ	 that
Gretel searches for Hansel in the forest but is attacked by Sheriff Berringer and his posse. The men capture and beat Gretel before being stopped by Edward, who kills the sheriff and his men. Edward tends Gretel's wounds and tells her that he helped her because	because	SCONJ	trolls	VERB	 trolls
The weapons M.E.R.F. agents use while fighting Timmy are similar to those used by the Men in Black. At Dimmsdale, when he tries to figure out the chosen one riddle in order to find the white wand, Timmy is chased down by the police for allegedly becoming	becoming	VERB	a	DET	 a
In the city, all schools under the National Education System (government education institution category), are managed by the Kuching Combined Education Office (Pejabat Pelajaran Gabungan Kuching). There are many government or state schools in and around the city. Like other Malaysian schools	schools	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
Her aircraft complement consisted of 18 Zeros, 18 D3As, and 18 B5Ns. Also aboard were 3 A6Ms of the 6th Kōkūtai intended as the aerial garrison for Midway. With the fleet positioned 250 nmi (460 km; 290 mi) northwest of Midway at dawn	dawn	NOUN	(	PUNCT	 (
They were a matriarchial society that lived in stockaded villages of large longhouses. Their numbers were greatly reduced by disease and warfare with the Five Nations of the Iroquois, and by 1675 they had died out, moved away, or been assimilated into other tribes. After	After	ADP	this	PRON	 this
Other species do not develop this disorder because their Mups do not bind that particular chemical. Accordingly, when transgenic mice were engineered to express the rat Mup their kidneys developed the disease. The Mup found in pigs, named salivary lipocalin (SAL), is expressed	expressed	VERB	in	ADP	 in
One of the roads, State Road 6, followed a route from Spokane to the Canadian border. The road was named the Pend O'Reille Highway, a name that would identify the route until 1964. The state road system was later expanded into a new system in	in	ADP	1937	NUM	 1937
In Applewhite's view, sexuality was one of the most powerful forces that bound humans to their bodies and thus hindered their efforts to evolve to the Next Level; he taught that Next Level beings had no reproductive organs but that Luciferian beings had genders. He also	also	ADV	cited	VERB	 cited
The former disbanded at Richmond on 9 March 1953, re forming the next day from No. 30 Transport Unit at Iwakuni, Japan. Here it was part of No. 91 (Composite) Wing, which controlled the RAAF's units during the Korean War and	and	CCONJ	its	PRON	 its
Following the 1991 independence of Slovenia, the building's interior has been refurbished several times to suit the desideratum of the new Slovenian Parliament. The center of the building is occupied by the 422 m2 (4,540 sq ft), 150 seat Great Hall, where the	the	DET	National	PROPN	 National
The 10th Light Horse was concentrated at Claremont, Western Australia, before departing for the Middle East on the transport Mashobra in February 1915. After arriving at Alexandria, Egypt, in March 1915, the regiment moved to Mena Camp near Cairo. In May, the	the	DET	3rd	ADJ	 3rd
Filming for Lone Survivor was scheduled to start on September 15, 2012. Principal photography commenced in October 2012 and concluded in November after 42 days; filming took place in New Mexico. The production received a 25% tax credit for filming in the state. Berg	Berg	PROPN	shot	VERB	 shot
" Frontman Matthew Bellamy confirmed that their 2015 album, Drones, " does indeed include the sequel to fan favourite ' Citizen Erased ' – and that the track in question is a crazy, ten minute prog nightmare. " Progressive rock and heavy metal have similar timelines	timelines	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
Thompson belongs to a group of highly decorated British actresses including Judi Dench, Kate Winslet and Helena Bonham Carter who are known for appearing in " heritage films " and typically showing " restraint, rendering emotions through intellect rather than feelings, and a sense of irony,	,	PUNCT	which	PRON	 which
He then signed with the Dubuque, Iowa club of the Class B Western Association. In 15 games, he batted.213 with six runs scored and 13 hits. After the 1897 baseball season, he returned to his home in Portland, Oregon with his health deteriorating.	.	PUNCT	In	ADP	 In
Kubera is also called Guhyadhipa (" Lord of the hidden "). The Atharvaveda calls him the " god of hiding ". In the Atharvaveda — where he first appears — and the Shatapatha Brahmana, Kubera is the chief of evil spirits or spirits of darkness	darkness	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
In simple animals this may just be a coat of glycoproteins. In more advanced animals, many glands are formed of epithelial cells. Muscle cells (myocytes) form the active contractile tissue of the body. Muscle tissue functions to produce force and cause motion, either	either	CCONJ	locomotion	NOUN	 locomotion
Before the race, Jimmie Johnson led the Drivers ' Championship with 5,575 points, with Carl Edwards in second, and Greg Biffle in third. Jeff Burton and Kevin Harvick rounded out the top five, and Jeff Gordon, Clint Bowyer, Dale Earnhardt, Jr.,	,	PUNCT	Matt	PROPN	 Matt
The controls were designed to give more realistic movement to characters. Characters can dash, bob and weave in all eight directions. The punches are divided into left and right jabs / hooks. When punches are used in conjunction with " technique " and " special "	"	PUNCT	buttons	NOUN	 buttons
The worship of Revanta is closely associated with Saura, cult of Surya. Often, scriptures like Vishnudharmottara Purana and Kalika Purana recommend worship of Revanta alongside Surya or according to the rituals of Sun worship. Shabha kalpa druma records Revanta's worship after Surya's, in	in	ADP	the	DET	 the
Reviews favoured the painting, which also stimulated plays, poems, performances and a children's book. It was bought by a former admiral, Uriah Phillips, who left it in 1862 to the New York Historical Society, where it was miscatalogued as by Gilbert Stuart	Stuart	PROPN	and	CCONJ	 and
Costumes were designed by John Harkrider. In his opening night review for the New York Times, Brooks Atkinson called the book's adaptation " intelligently made ", and the production one of " unimpeachable skill and taste ". He termed Norma Terris " a revelation "	"	PUNCT	;	PUNCT	;
Slava was built by the Baltic Works at Saint Petersburg. She was laid down on 1 November 1902, launched on 29 August 1903, and completed in October 1905, too late to participate in the Russo Japanese War. Together with the battleship Tsesarevich, she helped	helped	VERB	to	PART	 to
Although Clovis points have been found with Columbian mammoth remains at several sites, archaeologists disagree about whether the finds represent hunting, scavenging dead mammoths, or are coincidental. A female mammoth at the Naco Mammoth Kill Site in Arizona, found with eight Clovis points near its	its	PRON	skull	NOUN	 skull
Steve is an amazing actor. " Lingerie retailer Victoria's Secret agreed to close their store to the public for filming. In the episode, Angela reveals that she wears large sizes of clothes purchased from American Girl, a doll store chain, but will not shop	shop	VERB	at	ADP	 at
" In May 1925, he was arrested as the instigator of a murder. He was able to be released on bail, as usual. However, with the rise of Fascism, his reputation and immunity was declining. In May 1926, Prefect Cesare Mori,	,	PUNCT	under	ADP	 under
It extends 800 kilometres (500 mi) from the northwest to the southeast and is 200 kilometres (120 mi) wide. It covers 138,600 square kilometres (53,500 sq mi) and has a volume of 35,000 cubic kilometres (8,400 cu mi). The Adriatic	Adriatic	PROPN	extends	VERB	 extends
Often called " splash cups ", the fruiting bodies are adapted for spore dispersal by using the kinetic energy of falling drops of rain. The " eggs " inside the bird's nests (technically known as peridioles) are hard waxy shells containing spores, and tend	tend	VERB	to	PART	 to
The show started with a video intro called " The Heart " where Gaga played an alternate persona called Candy Warhol. She wore a silver and black short skirt like a tutu and shaped like peplum on both sides. She was surrounded by her dancers holding plates which	which	PRON	were	AUX	 were
He negotiated the Concordat of 1801 with the Catholic Church, which sought to reconcile the mostly Catholic population to his regime. It was presented alongside the Organic Articles, which regulated public worship in France. His dissolution of the Holy Roman Empire paved the way to German	German	ADJ	Unification	PROPN	 Unification
There had been little commercial pressure to upgrade Concorde due to a lack of competing aircraft, unlike other airliners of the same era such as the Boeing 747. By its retirement, it was the last aircraft in the British Airways fleet that had a flight engineer;	;	PUNCT	other	ADJ	 other
She competed again at the Men's World Straight Pool Championship in 2007 but lost to Warren Kiamco in the last 16 to finish in 9th place. In 2008, she was ranked fourth among women in the prize money year end rankings with a total of $44,059	44,059	NUM	in	ADP	 in
The prevalence of chronic HBV infection in areas of high endemicity is at least 8% with 10 – 15% prevalence in Africa / Far East. As of 2010, China has 120 million infected people, followed by India and Indonesia with 40 million and 12 million	million	NUM	,	PUNCT	,
His political career began in earnest in 1869 when he was elected to the Kentucky House of Representatives. In 1871, McCreary was re elected to the state House without opposition. In the upcoming legislative session, the major question was expected to be the Cincinnati Southern Railway	Railway	PROPN	's	PART	's
To solve an issue in which body movement resulted in awkward movement of clothing, runtime helpers were implemented. A total of 326 joints were used in the full character model, with 98 of these in the face; 85 of these are runtime driven, while 241	241	NUM	are	AUX	 are
Lady Redbush and the jester immediately depart for Quahog on one of the slave ships. In Quahog, Griffin Peterson has grown irritated with his current wife until Lady Redbush arrives. Griffin Peterson and Lady Rebush are reunited and Griffin " divorces " his current wife by killing	killing	VERB	her	PRON	 her
Seattle, on the other hand, had only had two winning seasons since the franchise began play in 1977 (1991 and 1993), and had never been to the postseason. The team had gone through three ownership changes in its first 15 years, its most	most	ADV	recent	ADJ	 recent
In contrast to P2 receptors (agonist order ATP> ADP> AMP> ADO), purinergic nucleoside triphosphates like ATP are not strong agonists of P1 receptors, which are strongly activated by adenosine and other nucleosides (ADO> AMP> ADP> ATP). P1	P1	ADJ	receptors	NOUN	 receptors
Whereas the shorter mizzen stepped in the hold on the keelson instead of the lower deck would make the standing mizzen cap 18 ft below the main mast cap which is clearly not the case when critically examining Sydney Parkinson's drawings and the contemporary painting titled HMS Endeavour off	off	ADP	the	DET	 the
According to Dave Pindara, one of lead artists for Mortal Kombat, environments were developed to create active objects and effects such as " scripted cinema events ", " dynamic lighting effects " and " characters and objects that animated and reacted to the fights. " Arena	Arena	PROPN	development	NOUN	 development
To spur pre order game sales, Namco Bandai collaborated with several retail outlets to provide a special edition version of the game, with extra features and content. The " Wizard's Edition " includes a unique case packaging, the Wizard's Companion book, a Drippy	Drippy	ADJ	plush	NOUN	 plush
By the late 1950s Covent Garden was gradually abandoning its policy of productions in the vernacular; such stars as Maria Callas would not relearn their roles in English. This made it easier for Tucker to point up the difference between the two London opera companies. While Covent	Covent	PROPN	Garden	PROPN	 Garden
The phenomenon also inspired several rock and pop music hits. As early as 1997, " A Certain Shade of Green " by Incubus referred to the mystical belief that a shift in perception would arrive in 2012 (" Are you gonna stand around till 2012 A.D.	A.D.	NOUN	?	PUNCT	?
Before Müncheberg arrived in France, he stopped in Rome where he received the Gold Medal of Military Valour from Mussolini. He then travelled to the Wolf's Lair, Hitler's headquarters in Rastenburg, present day Kętrzyn in Poland, for the Oak Leaves presentation. Following	Following	VERB	the	DET	 the
Through this, the brony community has encountered ridicule through trolling on internet forums, not only from its inception at 4chan, but after moving away from the site. This has also been called out in popular media. The Fox News Channel comedy talk program Red Eye	Eye	PROPN	poked	VERB	 poked
Initially, MacB went into administration half way through the season, and was replaced by legal company Just Employment Law for the remainder of the 2011 – 12 season. MacB resumed sponsorship of Partick Thistle in the summer of 2012, and subsequently signed a two year extension	extension	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
In an approximation known as ideal magnetohydrodynamics, plasma particles only move along the magnetic field lines. As a result, the outward flowing solar wind stretches the interplanetary magnetic field outward, forcing it into a roughly radial structure. For a simple dipolar solar magnetic field,	,	PUNCT	with	ADP	 with
Ryukishi07 played Key's games as a reference, among other visual novels, and analyzed them to figure out the reason why they were found to be so popular. He figured that the secret was due to how the stories would start with ordinary, enjoyable days,	,	PUNCT	but	CCONJ	 but
A number of physical and behavioural abnormalities were detected but the only consistent finding in all 23 animals was a short vagina which varied in length from 3.1 to 7.0 cm, compared with 10 to 14 cm in normal animals. " In a study documenting the clitoral structure	structure	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
" The novelist Henry James, visiting in 1884, was similarly impressed; he described the Pont du Gard as " unspeakably imposing, and nothing could well be more Roman. " He commented: The hugeness, the solidity, the unexpectedness, the monumental rectitude of	of	ADP	the	DET	 the
The recorded take was split in two to make up the first and last quarters of the track, while the middle section was intentionally left blank for the band to improvise in. " On " is one of two songs, together with " Where Is Home?	?	PUNCT	"	PUNCT	 "
Burnt Store Road was constructed of gravel starting in 1930 and was completed by 1933. At MD 231's western terminus, Olivers Shop Road was originally MD 232, which ran from MD 234 at Wicomico north to what was then MD 233 (Woodville Road) north	north	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
In 2015, the YBI was the top University Associated Incubator in North America, and came in second to the Dublin Enterprise & Technology Centre, also known as the Guinness Enterprise Centre, in Dublin. Extensive coverage of Youngstown's economic challenges has overshadowed the city's	's	PART	long	ADJ	 long
A " proven leader of men ", he spoke no Serbo Croatian but quickly gained the lasting respect and affection of the men of the division. On the night of 16 / 17 September 1943, while the 13th SS Division was training in Villefranche de Rouergue in	in	ADP	France	PROPN	 France
Between the second and third Macedonian wars Rome faced further conflict in the region due to a tapestry of shifting rivalries, alliances and leagues all seeking to gain greater influence. After the Macedonians had been defeated in the Second Macedonian War in 197 BC, the Greek city	city	NOUN	state	NOUN	 state
The blend on premium gasoline was kept at 25% upon request by ANFAVEA, the Brazilian association of automakers, because of concerns about the effects on the higher blend on cars that were built only for E25 as the maximum blend, as opposed to flex fuel cars	cars	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
Marshal Bagramyan was awarded with numerous Soviet and foreign orders and medals for his service, including two Orders of the Hero of the Soviet Union, seven Orders of Lenin, the Order of the October Revolution, three Orders of the Red Banner, two Orders of Suvorov	Suvorov	PROPN	and	CCONJ	 and
On September 22, 2011, Bulkypix released a special 20th anniversary edition for the iPhone / iPad, featuring a switch between the original and HD graphics, a new intuitive touch controls or classic D pad, three difficulty modes and remastered sound effects. The Android version	version	NOUN	was	AUX	 was
" Game Informer praised the game's audacity and competent technical capabilities, stating " it's a frightening premise that places gamers in a psychological impasse. The crimes that you commit are unspeakable, yet the gameplay that leads to these horrendous acts is so polished and fierce	fierce	ADJ	that	SCONJ	 that
The duo of Hardcastle and Cage were known as Hard Impact before changing their name to The Suicide Blondes. They also worked in Japan under the name The Canadian Rockers. Copeland also wrestled briefly as Damon Striker against Kevin Sullivan and Meng on separate episodes of WCW Pro	Pro	PROPN	.	PUNCT	.
The part of the Patrician of Ankh Morpork, Havelock Vetinari, was not revealed until the premiere of The Colour of Magic, where Jeremy Irons, billed as a " guest star ", was revealed to have played the role. A small number of Pratchett fans	fans	NOUN	were	AUX	 were
The wild scenes at the airport caused the British Prime Minister, being chauffeured in the vicinity, to be delayed, his car obstructed by the crowds. Meanwhile, the current Miss World, passing through the airport herself, was completely ignored by journalists and public alike	alike	ADV	,	PUNCT	,
When the Czech demand was rejected by the Poles, the Czechs decided to resolve the issue by force. Czech units were held up near Skoczów and a ceasefire was signed on 3 February. The new Czechoslovakia claimed the area partly on historic and ethnic grounds, but	but	CCONJ	especially	ADV	 especially
On 17 January 1940 the Poles found the first Enigma key to be solved in France, one for 28 October 1939. The PC Bruno staff collaborated by teleprinter with counterparts at Bletchley Park in England. For their mutual communications security, the Polish, French, and	and	CCONJ	British	ADJ	 British
The data contained in the ENA can be accessed manually or programmatically via REST URL through the ENA browser. Initially limited to the Sequence Read Archive, the ENA browser now also provides access to the Trace Archive and EMBL Bank, allowing file retrieval in a range of	of	ADP	formats	NOUN	 formats
Gaddafi's corpse was placed in the freezer of a local market alongside the corpses of Yunis Jabr and Mutassim; the bodies were publicly displayed for four days, with Libyans from all over the country coming to view them. In response to international calls, on 24	24	NUM	October	PROPN	 October
Elamite invaders then toppled the third Dynasty of Ur and the population declined to about 200,000; it had stabilized at that number at the time the relief was made. Cities like Nippur and Isin would have had on the order of 20,000 inhabitants and Larsa maybe 40,000;	;	PUNCT	Hammurabi	PROPN	 Hammurabi
The buildings were burned to contain the smallpox epidemic. Following the trail, they found the remaining 17 residents of the Sandy Bar band of about 60 people. The Sandy Bar Band fled to the east shore of Lake Winnipeg. This spread the epidemic and infected any	any	DET	bands	NOUN	 bands
They enlisted drummer Clive Deamer, best known for his work with Portishead and Get the Blessing, to help perform the complex rhythms. Selway said of the two drummer setup: " That was fascinating. One played in the traditional way, the other almost mimicked a	a	DET	drum	NOUN	 drum
In 1972, John W. Paden again described the anamorph, but like Molliard, failed to give a complete description of the species. In 1984, Paden created a new genus he named Molliardiomyces to contain the anamorphic forms of several Sarcoscypha species, and set Molliardiomyces eucoccinea	eucoccinea	NOUN	as	ADP	 as
The players refused to practice, though they worked out on their own on Friday. They then flew to Buffalo and defeated the winless Bills. Public attention in New York was focused on the established local teams, as well as the abysmal record of the fledgling Mets	Mets	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
" Before starting a verse, Wallace sometimes used onomatopoeic vocables to " warm up " (for example " uhhh " at the beginning of " Hypnotize " and " Big Poppa " and " whaat " after certain rhymes in songs such as " My Downfall ")	)	PUNCT	.	PUNCT	.
It was the centre of superstitious rites in Brittany for centuries and became an object of a pagan veneration. At the request of the Bishop of Vannes, the statue was thrown into the Blavet river twice; first in 1661 and then again in 1670, but recovered	recovered	VERB	both	DET	 both
Though it explicitly extended the first two laws of planetary motion (applied to Mars in Astronomia nova) to all the planets as well as the Moon and the Medicean satellites of Jupiter, it did not explain how elliptical orbits could be derived from observational data. As	As	ADP	a	DET	 a
One Ranger was subsequently killed, the company's first fatality since its formation. Cummings and 2nd Platoon advanced 800 meters (2,600 ft) to the crest of the hill. At that time the tanks of the 89th mistakenly opened fire on the Rangers, causing a	a	DET	number	NOUN	 number
A few studies have suggested that total dietary fat intake is linked to an increased risk of obesity and diabetes. However, a number of very large studies, including the Women's Health Initiative Dietary Modification Trial, an eight year study of 49,000 women, the Nurses	Nurses	PROPN	'	PART	 '
He was elected a Fellow of the American Academy of Arts and Sciences in 1965. After 1968, his political activities were centered on the PLP. The Harvard administration considered these activities disruptive and attempted to censure Putnam, but two other faculty members criticized the procedures.	.	PUNCT	Putnam	PROPN	 Putnam
However, in 1914, fearing that the cracks might lengthen during the long train ride, the city installed a metal support structure inside the bell, generally called the " spider. " In February 1915, the bell was tapped gently with wooden mallets to produce sounds	sounds	NOUN	which	PRON	 which
Any removal of rent restrictions would be wildly unpopular. Chamberlain introduced a Housing Act in April 1923 that provided subsidies for private companies, and extended rent control until 1925. He expected rent control to be gradually abolished as the housing supply increased, but the restrictions remained	remained	VERB	in	ADP	 in
The political figures who cite Rand as an influence are usually conservatives (often members of the United States Republican Party), despite Rand taking some positions that are atypical for conservatives, such as being pro choice and an atheist. A 1987 article in The New York	York	PROPN	Times	PROPN	 Times
Both performances were commended by Independent journalist Hugh Montgomery; in a review of 2009's television, Montgomery named Nesbitt " Face of the Year ", writing, " Just as you had James Nesbitt written off as the gurning embodiment of everything mediocre about British TV drama	drama	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
The depositions hearing was finally set for 18 June, with a brief court appearance on 18 April. This date was later changed to sometime on 13 August. Kahui was found not guilty on Thursday 22 May 2008, after only one minute of deliberation by the jury	jury	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
Ferdinand abandoned the city and fled back to Apulia. Near Troia, he met Skanderbeg's ambassador, Gjokë Stres Balsha, who informed him that Skanderbeg was ready to land in Italy as soon as the proper galleys were provided. Before leaving for Italy, Skanderbeg needed	needed	VERB	to	PART	 to
In the parallel universe, Fauxlivia (Anna Torv) is returned home by her mother Marilyn (Amy Madigan) after undergoing a pre natal test to see if she has viral propagated eclampsia, a virus that killed her sister and sister's baby during childbirth. She	She	PRON	believes	VERB	 believes
Mike Heika of The Dallas Morning News also believed that the league should be stricter in handing out fines and suspensions, suggesting that Hitchcock should possibly have been penalised for his revenge comments, and that if Havlat had received a lengthier ban for his actions, the brawl	brawl	NOUN	between	ADP	 between
At the year end Hot Dance Singles Sales recap, " Nothing Fails / Nobody Knows Me " was at number two position, while " Me Against the Music " and " Love Profusion " was at numbers one and three respectively. Billboard reported that Madonna was the	the	DET	first	ADJ	 first
It turned out to be his only goal of the season as Charles played most of the season at left back, making 41 appearances during the campaign. With a year remaining on his current deal, Charles ' contract was extended for a further year in June 2013	2013	NUM	,	PUNCT	,
Lower grade officials on the county and prefectural levels performed the necessary duties of administration such as collecting taxes, overseeing criminal cases, implementing efforts to fight famine and natural calamity, and occasionally supervising market affairs or public works. Since the growth of China's population far	far	ADV	outmatched	VERB	 outmatched
During the war the bulk of the Russian Pacific Fleet was located in Port Arthur where it was blockaded by the Japanese. On 10 August, the ships at Port Arthur attempted breakout to Vladivostok, but were turned back in the Battle of the Yellow Sea. Admiral	Admiral	PROPN	Jessen	PROPN	 Jessen
The culmination of multiple years of debate and planning after the failure of the Meech Lake and Charlottetown constitutional accords, the referendum was launched solely by the provincial Parti Québécois government of Jacques Parizeau. Despite initial predictions of a heavy sovereignist defeat, an eventful and complex campaign	campaign	NOUN	followed	VERB	 followed
Syro was also featured at number 6 on Dazed's " top 20 albums of 2014 " and number 8 on Clash's " Fuss Free Top 40 Albums Of 2014 ". Elsewhere, Syro was featured in Rolling Stone at number 41 on its " 50 Best Albums	Albums	PROPN	of	ADP	 of
A set of poorly described, Eocene (56 – 34 Mya) teeth resembling those of this species are known from Egypt. Initial efforts to resolve the evolutionary relationships of the silky shark were inconclusive; based on morphology, Jack Garrick in 1982 suggested the blackspot shark	shark	NOUN	(	PUNCT	 (
While researching for the film, director Luthria and screenwriter Aroraa found little material in film magazines of that period, as " women like Silk Smitha were often ignored by film magazines, except for gossip column mentions ". Thus they derived many of the details of her	her	PRON	life	NOUN	 life
From there, the book contains her experiences as the voice of Bart. After three seasons of shorts, a half hour spinoff called The Simpsons debuted in 1989. In the following chapters, she recalls the early days of The Simpsons, commenting on the recording process	process	NOUN	and	CCONJ	 and
247Cm has the longest lifetime among isotopes of curium (1.56 × 107 years), but is not formed in large quantities because of the strong fission induced by thermal neutrons. Fourteen isotopes of berkelium were identified with mass numbers 238 – 252. Only 249Bk is available	available	ADJ	in	ADP	 in
A cameo appearance by Gemini Ganesan was his last film appearance before his death in March 2005. The technical departments were handled by Saran's regular crew, which consisted of cinematographer A. Venkatesh, editor Suresh Urs, production designer Thota Tharani and costume designers Sai and Nalini	Nalini	PROPN	Sriram	PROPN	 Sriram
Since FOC ships have no real nationality, they are beyond the reach of any single national seafarers ' trade union. " They also say that these ships have low safety standards and no construction requirements, that they " do not enforce safety standards, minimum social standards	standards	NOUN	or	CCONJ	 or
Princess Victoria grew to hate Conroy over the oppressive system and he was unpopular among the British Royal Family. His efforts to place the Duchess in the role of regent were ultimately unsuccessful, as Victoria ascended the throne after reaching her majority in 1837. Conroy was immediately	immediately	ADV	expelled	VERB	 expelled
However, at the final table, the three final contestants elected to chop chips at €420,000 and leave €150,000 for the winner. The €570,000 win, which converts to $749,467, represents the highest payday of her career. The win propelled Rousso to	to	ADP	sixteenth	ADJ	 sixteenth
He came to Karnataka in 1098 AD and lived here until 1122 AD. He first lived in Tondanur and then moved to Melkote where the Cheluvanarayana Temple and a well organised Matha were built. He was patronised by the Hoysala king, Vishnuvardhana. In the twelfth century	century	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
273). He states that since he dislikes the way that people are mispronouncing English, he will spell words exactly as they are pronounced, and describes a system whereby vowel length and value are indicated unambiguously (Bennett 1986, pp. 31 – 32).	.	PUNCT	Orm	PROPN	 Orm
In the 1980s, the Bulgarian wine industry was largely driven and introduced to the international wine market by the success of its Cabernet Sauvignon wines. The widespread popularity of Bordeaux has contributed to criticism of the grape variety for its role as a " colonizer " grape,	,	PUNCT	being	AUX	 being
He took a total of 2 / 84 and scored 29 as the Ranji champions prevailed. He struggled in the Ranji Trophy, taking 18 wickets at 39.33 in seven matches. Half of his wickets came in one match against Orissa in which he claimed 6 / 31	31	NUM	and	CCONJ	 and
These two one sided victories by the West Indies became known as " blackwashes ". By contrast, the English team had suffered a run of bad performances spanning several years, winning only seven of their previous 52 Tests. The England side had most recently toured Australia	Australia	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
When people were asked the same question in a Scottish renewables study conducted in 2010, 78% agreed. The increase is significant as there were twice as many wind farms in 2010 as there were in 2005. The 2010 survey also showed that 52% disagreed with	with	ADP	the	DET	 the
The software also calculated the fireball's instantaneous apparent magnitude at the ground. The computation started and ended with heights of approximately 250 km, long before and after the cameras of the European Fireball Network could observe it. Its apparent magnitude started at a value of +	+	PROPN	5.7	NUM	 5.7
Edward's will was set aside and Mary became queen, deposing Lady Jane Grey. During Mary's reign, Elizabeth was imprisoned for nearly a year on suspicion of supporting Protestant rebels. In 1558, Elizabeth succeeded her half sister to the throne and set out to	to	PART	rule	VERB	 rule
Previously, the Galápagos tortoise was considered to belong to the genus Geochelone, known as ' typical tortoises ' or ' terrestrial turtles '. In the 1990s, subgenus Chelonoidis was elevated to generic status based on phylogenetic evidence which grouped the South American members of Geochelone into	into	ADP	an	DET	 an
According to coin dealer and author Q. David Bowers, " the Citizens ' Committee... wisely ignored Fraser's criticism ". Eric Brothers, in his 2014 article on the coin, wrote that it " embodied the quintessential imagery of California in the 1850s ". David	David	PROPN	M.	PROPN	 M.
The player is then given the option of either starting the next bloodline as they do when defeated, or resetting the game and starting New Game + mode, which resets all gold and item progression but maintains the character's experience level, letting the player remaster the	the	DET	items	NOUN	 items
Not One Less portrays the mass media as a locus of power: Wei discovers that only someone with money or connections can gain access to a television station, but once someone is on camera she or he becomes part of an " invisible media hegemony " with the	the	DET	power	NOUN	 power
The budget raised the threshold on the payroll tax exemption from $1 million to $1.2 million. Despite a $598 million surplus for the previous year and a $59 surplus forecasted for the coming year, the province's net debt was expected to increase from	from	ADP	$	SYM	 $
For example, the Lansing campus includes Sparrow Hospital and McLaren – Greater Lansing Hospital. The College of Human Medicine has recently gained attention for its expansion into the Grand Rapids area, with the new Secchia Center completed in the Fall of 2010, that is expected to	to	PART	fuel	VERB	 fuel
Over a week later, against Duquesne, Frazier recorded a career high 13 assists, powering a 9 point victory for Penn State. His performance tied Dan Earl for the third most assists in one game representing the Nittany Lions. Frazier completed his final season with Penn	Penn	PROPN	State	PROPN	 State
Released in July, the Beatles ' second film, Help!, was again directed by Lester. Described as " mainly a relentless spoof of Bond ", it inspired a mixed response among both reviewers and the band. McCartney said: " Help! was great	great	ADJ	but	CCONJ	 but
In a review of the Syfy channel series Eureka, Boston Globe critic Matthew Gilbert compared the series to Psych, describing both as having " light hearted dramedic tones ". A few days after the episode aired, Virginia Rohan of The Record called the show a "	"	PUNCT	promising	ADJ	 promising
The Committee to Protect Journalists sent a letter to President Suharto that demanded a full investigation into Udin's death, with the results made public. An independent report by the Indonesian Alliance of Independent Journalists praised the courage and neutrality of Udin's reporting, stating, "	"	PUNCT	he	PRON	 he
Their theatrical work culminates in the eighth group with the performance of one act plays the students write and direct themselves and the production of a professionally scripted full length play. Artistically inclined students can extend their arts studies outside of class in optional activities including Art Club,	,	PUNCT	Chorus	PROPN	 Chorus
Colonel Thornton's trip was approved and he travelled to Stockholm toward the end of April. Thornton spent two weeks in Sweden, meeting with the head of the Royal Swedish Air Force, General Bengt Nordenskiöld. The conferences were treated with a high degree of secrecy in	in	ADP	the	DET	 the
Piano Collections Final Fantasy XIII is a soundtrack album of Final Fantasy XIII, containing a selection of piano arrangements of musical tracks from the game. It was composed and arranged by Masashi Hamauzu, and the pieces were performed by Aki Kuroda. Hamauzu and Kuroda had previously	previously	ADV	worked	VERB	 worked
The University Ranking by Academic Performance uses citation data obtained from Thomson Reuters ' Web of Science to rank universities based on research output. Duke's student body consists of 6,485 undergraduates and 8,465 graduate and professional students (as of fall 2015). Duke requires its students	students	NOUN	to	PART	 to
They had a beam of 29.02 meters (95 ft 3 in) and a draft of 9.08 meters (29 ft 9 in). The Nagato class ships displaced 32,720 metric tons (32,200 long tons) at standard load and 39,116 metric tons (38,498 long tons	tons	NOUN	)	PUNCT	)
When he asks her about her contradicting stands in life, she responds by saying that is the way she is and will be. The truth finally emerges that Manju was merely baiting Thyagu to teach him a lesson. When Thyagu starts believing that Manju has fallen for	for	ADP	him	PRON	 him
Riya has suffered a number of untimely incidents. During the filming of Shaadi No. 1 in France, she was knocked unconscious after being accidentally run over by a stuntman's motorbike, but she was not seriously injured. Shortly before the release of Silsiilay, in	in	ADP	which	PRON	 which
The company was in negotiations with a publisher in the early part of 2009, letting that publisher decide when it would be best to announce the game. Warner Bros. Interactive Entertainment officially announced itself as the publisher for Scribblenauts in May 2009. Slaczka noted that of the	the	DET	other	ADJ	 other
" While Charleston Daily Mail's Kevin McDonough reported that Madonna appearing on Will & Grace was " clearly a reprise " of singer Cher's guest stints on the episodes " Gypsies, Tramps and Weed " and " A.I.: Artificial Insemination ". McDonough wrote that the	the	DET	cameos	NOUN	 cameos
It is sounded during the first two measures by Hendrix playing a B♭ on guitar against an E played by Redding on bass, followed by the respective octaves. Mitchell on drums comes in for the third measure, when Hendrix introduces the riff that piqued Chandler's	's	PART	interest	NOUN	 interest
Preservation of Elephanta Island as a whole with its monuments has been ensured both through legislation and by physical restoration of the caves and its sculptures. The basic legislations enacted are: The Ancient Monuments and Archaeological Sites and Remains Act of 1958 and Rules (1959);	;	PUNCT	The	DET	 The
It found its final form in 1561, when he was working in the Colegio de San Gregorio. Originally planned as a six volume work, each volume describes a decade of the history of the Indies from the arrival of Christopher Columbus in 1492 to 1520, and	and	CCONJ	most	ADJ	 most
The Grand Duchy of Finland enjoyed wide autonomy within the Empire until the end of the 19th century, when Russia began attempts to assimilate Finland as part of a general policy to strengthen the central government and unify the Empire through Russification. While abortive because of Russia's	's	PART	internal	ADJ	 internal
Still unfinished, the vehicle was entered in an SPL competition in 1997 at which a complaint was lodged against the computer control of the DC motor. Instead of using the controller, two leads were touched together in the hope that the motor speed was set correctly.	.	PUNCT	The	DET	 The
The Dixon Hill characters are also featured in the licensed novel, A Hard Rain. The episode first aired on January 11, 1988, receiving Nielsen ratings of 11.5 million. It was the first new episode broadcast since the previous November, when 10.3 million viewers watched	watched	VERB	"	PUNCT	 "
Their visit was followed by those of many other prominent personalities throughout the next two centuries, including Queen Victoria and Felix Mendelssohn. The latter's Hebrides Overture brought further fame to the island, which was by then uninhabited. It is now in the care of the	the	DET	National	PROPN	 National
The Forest Service has an objective to maintain timber, range, water, recreation, and wildlife for multiple use and sustained yield of its resources. Archaeological evidence indicates that human habitation in Idaho began towards the end of the last ice age: bone fragments about 10,000	10,000	NUM	years	NOUN	 years
Ethologically, the human keeper of a cat may function as a sort of surrogate for the cat's mother, and adult housecats live their lives in a kind of extended kittenhood, a form of behavioral neoteny. The high pitched sounds housecats make to solicit food may	may	AUX	mimic	VERB	 mimic
This route made it difficult for the officials of Glastonbury Abbey to transport produce from their outlying estates to the Abbey, and when the valley of the river Axe was in flood it backed up to flood Glastonbury itself. Sometime between 1230 and 1250 a new channel was	was	AUX	constructed	VERB	 constructed
Members of the clergy decried the design as being too dissimilar from churches that already existed in England at the time to suggest any continuity within the Church of England. Wren's approved " Warrant design " sought to reconcile the Gothic with his " better manner of architecture	architecture	NOUN	"	PUNCT	 "
During the 1923 season, Collins played 47 games (37 starts) and had the fifth highest caught stealing percentage in the American League (AL) at 44.4%. During a June 8 road game at Shibe Park, he became the first and only major league	league	NOUN	player	NOUN	 player
The DVD for Air in Summer was later released on October 5, 2005 in Japan. Additionally, Air became one of the first anime series to be released in Blu ray Disc format on December 22, 2006. A new version of the Blu ray Disc box	box	NOUN	set	NOUN	 set
For these new lines, 32 SL95 low floor trams were delivered from 1996 to 2004, replacing all but the SL79 units. The voltage was increased from 600 to 750 volts on 4 June 2000, once all non articulated trams had been retired. In 2002,	,	PUNCT	Oslo	PROPN	 Oslo
It was directed by Marvel Studios co president Louis D ’ Esposito, written by Eric Pearson, and music by Christopher Lennertz. The short film, which was filmed over four days, has a runtime of 12 minutes, longer than the previous films, which were	were	AUX	no	ADV	 no
This second perceived affront produced calls in Massachusetts for action against the Pequots. In August 1636 Governor Vane placed Endecott at the head of a 90 man force to extract justice from the Pequots. Endecott's instructions were to go to Block Island, where he was to	to	PART	kill	VERB	 kill
Time trial specialist Adriano Malori (Movistar Team) started soon after Cancellara crossed the finish line, but came in at 5 ' 47 ", four seconds slower. Giant Alpecin rider Tom Dumoulin clocked 5 ' 41 ", 2 seconds better than Cancellara, and would	would	AUX	ultimately	ADV	 ultimately
Ever a sceptic, in his discussions with his biographer James Boswell, he said: Sir, I make a distinction between what a man may experience by the mere strength of his imagination, and what imagination can not possibly produce. Thus, suppose I should think	think	VERB	I	PRON	 I
At this point Alonso and Vettel were running in fourth and fifth place. At the restart on lap 29, Kamui Kobayashi took fifth position from Vettel. The damage on the Red Bull car slowed Vettel down considerably more in dry conditions, and Massa helped his teammate	teammate	NOUN	by	ADP	 by
Prior to 1809, Low Fell was part of Gateshead Fell; itself a constituent part of the ancient County of Durham. Once described as a " windswept, barren and treacherous heath ", it took its name from nearby Gateshead and the fact that the area was	was	AUX	"	PUNCT	 "
Her next stage appearance was with the English National Opera at the London Coliseum in 1989 where she played Mae Jones in Kurt Weill's Street Scene. In 1990 Zeta Jones made her film debut in the director Philippe de Broca's film 1001 Nights. An adaptation of	of	ADP	the	DET	 the
He also wrote a Rip van Winkle sketch for Courtice Pounds and a one act musical drama, No. 442, His Escape (1907), with music by H. M. Higgs. Barrington became known for writing topical verses on short notice. In his 1908 memoir	memoir	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
Occasionally, they even bite each other; marbled newts seem more aggressive than crested newts. Males also frequently disturb the courting of other males and try to guide the female away from their rival. Pheromones are used to attract females, and once a male has found	found	VERB	one	NUM	 one
Óspakr was slain early in the campaign, after which Óláfr took control of the fleet and secured himself on Mann. The island kingdom was divided between him and his mutilated nephew Guðrøðr, with the latter ruling the Hebridean portion and Óláfr ruling Mann itself. Guðrøðr was	was	AUX	soon	ADV	 soon
A New York Times report dated 10 December 1933 quoted a recent Fabian Society lecture in which Shaw had praised Hitler, Mussolini and Stalin: " [T] hey are trying to get something done, [and] are adopting methods by which it is possible to	to	PART	get	VERB	 get
Critical response to " Stronger " was generally positive. Andy Strickland of Yahoo! Music described it as having " splashes of pure Massive Attack ". Stuart McCaighy of This Is Fake DIY wrote that it " sounds ace ", while Birmingham Post writer Andrew Cowen described	described	VERB	the	DET	 the
Christgau named it the decade's best album in his ballot for the magazine. In 2012, Rolling Stone ranked it at number 393 in a revised edition of their " Rolling Stone's 500 Greatest Albums of All Time " issue. Kala debuted at number eighteen on	on	ADP	the	DET	 the
They were also honored with the Radio Contraband Rock Radio Award for Album (American Capitalist) and Song of the Year (" Coming Down ") in 2012 and " Video of the Year " for " Wrong Side of Heaven " in 2014. Five Finger Death	Death	PROPN	Punch	PROPN	 Punch
" In 1968, when the film was sold to ABC TV for television airings, the network noted that the film was too short to fill the desired two hour time slot. They requested that AIP extend the film's runtime. Approximately five minutes of additional footage	footage	NOUN	were	AUX	 were
This was the last good camp spot before leaving the river and entering the waterless stretch between the North Platte and the Sweetwater River. From here the settlers entered a difficult portion called Rock Avenue which moved from spring to spring across mostly alkaline soil and steep hills until	until	SCONJ	it	PRON	 it
" John Dudley's recantation of his Protestant faith before his execution delighted Queen Mary and enraged Lady Jane Grey. The general opinion, especially among Protestants, was that he tried to seek a pardon by this move. Historians have often believed that he had no faith	faith	NOUN	whatsoever	ADV	 whatsoever
The rescue mission itself, however, was not going as planned. Of the five motor launches attached to the expedition, only one had remained with the cruiser in the fog; ML254 commanded by Lieutenant Geoffrey Drummond. The launch — like the cruiser — was riddled	riddled	VERB	with	ADP	 with
The storm brought high winds and torrential rains that triggered landslides. Dozens of homes were damaged and many areas newly re planted after Cyclone Zoe were devastated again. The impacts of Gina reportedly set back recovery efforts by nearly six months. A total of 112 newly built	built	VERB	houses	NOUN	 houses
The day when Viswanathan returned and arrived at Chithralaya office, Kannadasan said, " Ennappa.. Viswanathaa... Velai kodu.. " (English: Viswanathan give me some work). Sridhar then said that should be the beginning of the song and decided to give Balaiah's	's	PART	character	NOUN	 character
Etty had for some time been musing on the possibility of a painting of Cleopatra, and took the opportunity provided by Freeling to paint a picture of her based loosely on the composition of The Coral Finder. The Triumph of Cleopatra is based loosely on Plutarch's Life	Life	PROPN	of	ADP	 of
The German fire was accurate from the beginning, but the British overestimated the range as the German ships blended into the haze. Indefatigable aimed at Von der Tann and New Zealand targeted Moltke while remaining unengaged herself. By 3: 54, the range was down to	to	ADP	12,900	NUM	 12,900
" iEnlive commended the album's bombastic approach, and asserted that it accurately embodied Miami's electronic music scene. " As the time is finally here, the international DJ maestro presents his finest work as the album is a home to stellar productions, including collaborations with	with	ADP	Wolfgang	PROPN	 Wolfgang
Completely excavated nests showed no evidence of any winged queen residing within them. Some species have queens which are subapterous, meaning they are either wingless or only have rudiments of wings; the queens can be well developed with or without these wing buds. M. nigrocincta and	and	CCONJ	M.	PROPN	 M.
He pleaded guilty, was fined $150, and had his Maine driver's license briefly suspended. Bush says his wife has had a stabilizing effect on his life, and attributes to her influence his 1986 decision to give up alcohol. While Governor of Texas,	,	PUNCT	Bush	PROPN	 Bush
At 16: 00 that same afternoon, Galland shot down a No. 611 Squadron Spitfire, but watching his victim for too long, he was himself shot down in Werknummer (Factory number) 6713, code " <- + - ", by a 145	145	NUM	Squadron	PROPN	 Squadron
Natives in the Middle Woodland period developed the Hopewell culture and may have been in Indiana as early as 200 BC. The Hopewells were the first culture to create permanent settlements in Indiana. About 1 AD, the Hopewells mastered agriculture and grew crops of sunflowers and squash	squash	VERB	.	PUNCT	.
Employees ' Entrance (1933) received the following review from Jonathan Rosenbaum: " As an attack on ruthless capitalism, it goes a lot further than more recent efforts such as Wall Street, and it's amazing how much plot and character are gracefully shoehorned into 75	75	NUM	minutes	NOUN	 minutes
Thus, they kept the trade of the Indian Ocean exclusively in their hands. In the Mediterranean trade, the Ayyubids drew large benefits in the form of taxes and commissions which they learned from the Italians. Upon the development of international trade, the elementary principles of	of	ADP	credit	NOUN	 credit
In advertising and film, Howerton found success beyond the sideshow. During the 1930s, he was used as a mascot for the recruitment side of the United States Marine Corps. His biggest role in acting was with 1939's The Wizard of Oz, in which he	he	PRON	played	VERB	 played
It takes an average of six hours for the characteristic white regions to show up on a chest X ray, and the contusion may not become apparent for 48 hours. When a pulmonary contusion is apparent in an X ray, it suggests that the trauma to the	the	DET	chest	NOUN	 chest
For example, H. peckii contains atromentin, a pigment with anticoagulant properties similar to heparin. Atromentin also possesses antibacterial activity, inhibiting the enzyme enoyl acyl carrier protein reductase (essential for the biosynthesis of fatty acids) in the bacteria Streptococcus pneumoniae. Some species are used	used	VERB	as	ADP	 as
It is the third installment in the Indiana Jones franchise. Harrison Ford reprises the title role and Sean Connery plays Indiana's father, Henry Jones, Sr. Other cast members featured include Alison Doody, Denholm Elliott, Julian Glover, River Phoenix, and John Rhys	Rhys	PROPN	Davies	PROPN	 Davies
On July 29, a van loaded with 300 kilograms (660 lb) of explosives went off in front of a Civil Guard barracks in Burgos, injuring 70, including women and children. The bombing was the first time since 2007 in which ETA killed more than	than	ADP	one	NUM	 one
They sit on opposite sides of the door, and Naomi admits that she does need somebody to love her. Emily offers her hand through the door's cat flap to Naomi, who finally reciprocates Emily's feelings. " Naomi " was filmed in October 2008,	,	PUNCT	in	ADP	 in
Following repairs the bridge was made available to the 27th British Commonwealth Brigade's light wheeled vehicles on 25 October, while the accompanying Sherman tanks located a ford 4.8 kilometres (3.0 mi) upstream, and were able to cross the Chongchon at that point. With winter	winter	NOUN	approaching	VERB	 approaching
These conditions quickened the assimilation of the Poles. Another cause of assimilation was the high rate of intermarriage. Besides Poles belonging to the minority, many more commuted across the border from Polish People's Republic to work in Czechoslovakia or to take advantage of the relative abundance	abundance	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
The surrender of the German garrisons of the Channel Islands was signed on 9 May 1945 aboard Bulldog. Redundant after the war, she was broken up for scrap in 1946. Bulldog displaced 1,360 long tons (1,380 t) at standard load and 1,790 long tons (	(	PUNCT	1,820	NUM	1,820
After the date of the writ of election and at least two clear days before nomination day, a candidate or prospective candidate must provide the Registrar of Political Donations with a report stating all the donations received from permissible donors that amount to at least $10,000 received during	during	ADP	the	DET	 the
Homer and Marge had to cope with Bart, who was two years old at the time. Marge reveals to her husband and their son that she's pregnant again, and points out to Homer that they will probably need a bigger place. After viewing several unsuitable	unsuitable	ADJ	properties	NOUN	 properties
The first strip, Casino Royale was published from 7 July 1958 to 13 December 1958 and was written by Anthony Hern and illustrated by John McLusky. Most of the Bond novels and short stories have since been adapted for illustration, as well as Kingsley Amis's Colonel	Colonel	PROPN	Sun	PROPN	 Sun
Alberta's Industrial Heartland also extends beyond the CMA's northeastern boundary into a portion of Lamont County. The individual economic development interests and costs of service delivery in certain municipalities within the region has led to intermunicipal competition, strained intermunicipal relationships and overall fragmentation of the region	region	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
In ' Breakdown ', she demonstrates she can match the staccato, lite reggae phrasing of her guests, two members of Bone Thugs n Harmony. " Rich Juzwiak from Slant called " Breakdown " " the song of Carey's career, " noting its " lyrical	lyrical	ADJ	strokes	NOUN	 strokes
The genome of D. melanogaster was sequenced in 2000, reflecting the organism's important role in biological research. It was found that 70% of the fly genome is similar to the human genome, supporting the evolution theory. In some cultures, insects, especially deep	deep	ADJ	fried	ADJ	 fried
, de Mille a she had developed her comic performance in the role of Sylvie, with McCracken taking a comic pratfall in the " Many a New Day " dance number. She became known as " The Girl Who Fell Down ". Sources differ as to whether	whether	SCONJ	the	DET	 the
Addison and Amanda abandon him, but Amanda returns after finding Jonas ' body. Addison finds a glass box housing an antidote, but her arms become trapped in the bladed arm holes, and Xavier leaves her to die after reading her number. Amanda and Daniel find	find	VERB	a	DET	 a
A part of the 4th Flotilla throughout the war, U 70 sank 53 merchant ships with a combined gross register tonnage (GRT) of 137,775. Included in that total was Southland — at 11,899 GRT, one of the largest ships of the war sunk by a	a	DET	U	PROPN	 U
During this time, he also served as president of the 2nd Marine Division Association. While still a major general, Shoup was unexpectedly nominated to become Commandant of the Marine Corps by President Dwight D. Eisenhower at the behest of Secretary of Defense Thomas S. Gates, Jr	Jr	PROPN	..	PUNCT	..
In the Sunja area, the 17th Home Guard Regiment and a company of the 151st Brigade unsuccessfully attacked the ARSK 26th Infantry Brigade. Later that day, a separate attack by the rest of the 151st Brigade also failed. The HV 103rd Brigade advanced to the Sunja	Sunja	PROPN	–	PUNCT	 –
Incumbent Democratic Representative Bobby Rush faced a primary challenge from Barack Obama. Rush defeated Obama 61 percent to 30 percent, with other candidates combining for the remaining nine percent. Rush then defeated his Republican opponent, Raymond Wardingley, 87 percent to 12 percent, ensuring his	his	PRON	reelection	NOUN	 reelection
The Anglo Bavarian Brewery was built in the 1860s and still dominates the western parts of Shepton Mallet; fairly nearby is a former workhouse and then hospital, the Norah Fry Hospital, which was built in 1848 and has now been converted into housing. Two now disused	disused	VERB	railway	NOUN	 railway
But everybody's [as well]. Obviously, there's a lot of comparisons to her real life, and that's not at all the intention. It's just that I guess people naturally go there because art imitates life, and it's a story	story	NOUN	we	PRON	 we
But officials notified her that she would not be allowed to vote unless she added “ Blackwell ” to her signature. This she refused to do, and because her time and energy were consumed with suffrage work, she did not challenge the action in a court of	of	ADP	law	NOUN	 law
Summer run fish generally spawn in longer, more inland rivers such as the Columbia River. Winter run fish are ready to spawn when they leave the ocean, typically between November and April, and spawn shortly after returning to fresh water. Winter run fish generally spawn	spawn	VERB	in	ADP	 in
Chicago Tribune writer Greg Kot called it " an audacious, sometimes bewildering statement ". Jon Pareles of The New York Times commented that " Monáe gets away with most of her metamorphoses, and the sheer ambition is exhilarating even when she stretches too far ". Matthew	Matthew	PROPN	Cole	PROPN	 Cole
The showpiece event was the final match of the 2006 – 07 season of Europe's premier cup competition, the UEFA Champions League. The teams were appearing in the final, two years after facing each other in the 2005 final which Liverpool won 3 – 2 in	in	ADP	a	DET	 a
In 1981, the second year of production, the composition of the medallions was changed; although the 90% gold purity was retained, the balance was altered to include silver, which was added to change their appearance. That year's medallions depicted Mark Twain and	and	CCONJ	Willa	PROPN	 Willa
Macaulay ended the innings with five wickets for 64. Wisden commented that he bowled very finely in this match. He hit the winning run, batting at number eleven, to seal a one wicket win for England. He played in the remaining three Tests, finishing	finishing	VERB	with	ADP	 with
Harris alternated between Britain and France during the latter part of the war. He led No. 45 Squadron over the Western Front in 1917, destroying five German aircraft and winning the Air Force Cross, and afterwards commanded No. 44 Squadron in Britain. Intending to	to	PART	return	VERB	 return
Garfield's hunch was correct. His ride became legendary, while Rosecrans ' error reignited criticism about his leadership. While Rosecrans's army had avoided disaster, they were stranded in Chattanooga, surrounded by Bragg's army. Garfield sent a telegram to Secretary of War Edwin	Edwin	PROPN	M.	PROPN	 M.
In 1841 the line was extended to Preston by the Bolton and Preston Railway. The route northwards to Blackburn followed four years later, whilst the Liverpool and Bury Railway's arrival in 1848 gave Bolton links eastward to Bury and Rochdale and westwards to Wigan and Liverpool.	.	PUNCT	From	ADP	 From
He agreed to a smaller command, coming to lead a Thuringian contingent; he commented in a letter to his brother that " I should have declined any other command of the kind, but I could not refuse this one, as, in the present condition of	of	ADP	our	PRON	 our
Eggs in nature typically hatch in 6 – 10 months, with the newly hatched shark measuring 10 – 12 cm (3.9 – 4.7 in) long. Both sexes grow at approximately the same rate, reaching sexual maturity at around 15 years of age. Mature males	males	NOUN	and	CCONJ	 and
During this period, a large number of educational and research institutions were founded in the city, making it a centre for higher education, science and technology. Ahmedabad's economic base became more diverse with the establishment of heavy and chemical industry during the same period.	.	PUNCT	Many	ADJ	 Many
However, he decides to assist in the First Sino Japanese War as he had promised the Meiji Government. After the war's end, Sagara Sanosuke discovers a gravely injured Kenshin on the shore, who lost his memories and thus can not come back to Japan.	.	PUNCT	Sanosuke	PROPN	 Sanosuke
However, Quaker leaders and the proprietors had expressed great reservations about the Presbyterians ' drive to gain a charter for the school (on the grounds that it would be used as a vehicle for converting their children), and Governor Morris had refused to grant one.	.	PUNCT	After	ADP	 After
Each pom pom mount had its own director and there was also a height finder aft. Two 15 foot (4.6 m) torpedo rangefinders were located on the sides of the funnels. A first for any British dreadnought was the use of the all or nothing protection	protection	NOUN	scheme	NOUN	 scheme
This prompted Downing Street to confirm that Brown had discussed a possible release with Gaddafi during the G8 summit in Italy in July 2009, but that a letter sent by Brown to the Libyan leader had stated, " When we met I stressed that, should the Scottish	Scottish	PROPN	Government	PROPN	 Government
In June 2002, the director of the lab announced that the original claim of the discovery of these two elements had been based on data fabricated by principal author Victor Ninov. Livermorium was first synthesized on July 19, 2000, when scientists at Dubna (JINR)	)	PUNCT	bombarded	VERB	 bombarded
The first vessel, Kaiserin und Königin Maria Theresia, was built as an enlarged version of the protected cruiser Kaiserin Elisabeth, with a more powerful armament and heavier armor. She was followed by an improved cruiser, Kaiser Karl VI, which provided the basis for an	an	DET	even	ADV	 even
The design took that of the Il 28 as a starting point, but had thin, mid mounted swept wings with a 35° sweep angle chosen to allow the aircraft to reach its required speed. It was intended to be powered by two new Lyulka TR 3	3	NUM	axial	ADJ	 axial
After Sarah arrives at Felix's apartment and explains to Tony that they are clones, he is unflustered. He passes on Sammy's message for Beth, although neither Sarah or Felix understand what it means. Felix gives Tony his, Sarah and Art's phone numbers	numbers	NOUN	and	CCONJ	 and
For propulsion, she had two shafts, twin diesel engines of 270 bhp (200 kW) for surface running, and twin electric motors of 280 shp (210 kW) for submerged travel. She was capable of 9 knots (16.7 km / h) while	while	SCONJ	surfaced	VERB	 surfaced
Critics compared Angie to Betty Applewhite (Alfre Woodard), a character whose lagging storyline was slow in developing during the series ' second season. While developing new characters for the sixth season of Desperate Housewives, showrunner Marc Cherry and his writing staff aimed to create a	a	DET	housewife	NOUN	 housewife
The son of Edmund Dudley, a minister of Henry VII executed by Henry VIII, John Dudley became the ward of Sir Edward Guildford at the age of seven. He grew up in Guildford's household together with his future wife, Guildford's daughter Jane, with	with	ADP	whom	PRON	 whom
It was Manchester United's third European Cup final after 1968 and 1999, while it was Chelsea's first. Manchester United won the match 6 – 5 on penalties, after a 1 – 1 draw following extra time. Cristiano Ronaldo opened the scoring for Manchester United	United	PROPN	in	ADP	 in
The remainder of the Atlantic coast escaped the major storms, although some regions were affected by the remnants of several storms (including Katrina, Ophelia, Tammy, Subtropical Depression Twenty two, and Wilma). Northeastern Mexico, including Veracruz and Tamaulipas, was struck repeatedly	repeatedly	ADV	.	PUNCT	.
In 1968, Milne finished 24th in both the downhill and slalom events, Australia's best result in a skiing event up to that point. Ross Martin came 60th in both cross country events, and Colin Coates came 41st and 49th in his two speed skating events	events	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
In just two games with the Diamond Jaxx, Fister went 1 – 0 and gave up no earned runs. With the Rainiers, Fister went 6 – 4 with a 3.81 ERA, and 79 strikeouts in 22 games, 17 starts. On August 7, Fister	Fister	PROPN	was	AUX	 was
" Nocturne No 7 in C♯ minor, Op 74 (1898) The seventh nocturne departs from the A – B – A form of Fauré's earlier nocturnes; in Pinkas's view is it constructed more like a ballade than a nocturne. It opens with a	a	DET	slow	ADJ	 slow
He told Charles Schulz he was not religious, but identified with the " alienated diaspora culture of Kafka and Freud... what Stalin pejoratively called rootless cosmopolitanism " — a statement Ezra Mendelsohn interpreted as identification with " the Jewish spirit of universalism as championed by the greatest of	of	ADP	Jewry	PROPN	 Jewry
As a result, powerful corporations had exerted control over Earth and the burgeoning space colonies. The Government Police (G Police) was formed by Earth ’ s remaining coalition government to maintain order in these colonies. In the latter part of the introductory sequence, Slater	Slater	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
The Americans supported Thi's removal as they regarded him as being soft on communism, and a " virtual warlord ". US Ambassador Henry Cabot Lodge, Jr., Westmoreland and the Defense Secretary Robert McNamara were supportive of the Kỳ Thiệu regime, their prosecution of the	the	DET	war	NOUN	 war
Between the infantry were placed two lines, 72 squadrons of cavalry. The first line of foot was to pass the stream first and march as far to the other side as could be conveniently done. This line would then form and cover the passage of the horse	horse	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
The local community set about raising funds to erect a purpose built mosque on the site. King Fahd of Saudi Arabia donated £1.1 million of the £2 million fund, and the governments of Kuwait and Britain also donated to the fund. Seven years later,	,	PUNCT	the	DET	 the
I took several years of very highly structured dance classes for me to be able to control myself. " Upon graduating in 1998, she enrolled at Columbia University in New York City, aiming for a career as a Wall Street analyst. She was noticed by a	a	DET	modeling	VERB	 modeling
One battery was emplaced during the war to defend the port of Zeebrugge in Occupied Flanders. The guns on Helgoland were destroyed by the victorious Allies at the end of the war, but the battery at Wangerooge survived intact. Three of its guns were transferred to Helgoland	Helgoland	PROPN	after	SCONJ	 after
She remained there for four and a half years, mostly engaged on the suppression of the slave trade. The ship was refitted and rearmed upon her return home and Briton remained in reserve until recommissioned in 1881 for service on the Cape Station. She was transferred back	back	ADV	to	ADP	 to
" It was up to the jury, she said, to decide what Jacobson meant when he said on the stand that he wanted to see " what all the trouble and hysteria was about ", and they had done so. In Part II, she accused	accused	VERB	her	PRON	 her
Small, privately owned hydroelectric projects have existed since the 1890s, but the large flood control and storage dams that characterize the middle reaches of the river today were not constructed until the 1950s. Between 1890 and 1940, five dams were built in the vicinity of Great	Great	PROPN	Falls	PROPN	 Falls
Lindwall took 5 / 57 in the first innings, dismissing Watson, Milton, Colin Cowdrey, Trevor Bailey and Jim Laker. He removed both openers for seven in the second innings before rain curtailed the match, leaving Lindwall with match figures of 7 / 73.	.	PUNCT	Unfortunately	ADV	 Unfortunately
After the song's premiere on Brown's MechanicalDummy.com website, " Crawl " made its official debut on the R & B / Hip Hop Songs chart at number ninety nine. After its release for digital download on November 23, 2009, it later peaked at fifty	fifty	NUM	nine	NUM	 nine
The book sets out a messianist metaphor of Poland as the " Christ of nations ". Described by Wyka as a propaganda piece, it was relatively simple, using biblical metaphors and the like to reach less discriminating readers. It became popular not only among Poles but	but	CCONJ	,	PUNCT	,
Other strategies such as universal screening at the age of 16 have also been suggested. The latter approach may however be less cost effective in the short term. Screening at an age lower than 16 would lead to an unacceptably high rate of false positives. A 2007	2007	NUM	meta	ADJ	 meta
The situation had changed, and the flight of eight German fighters engaged a mass of Soviet Yakovlev Yak 9 and Lavochkin La 5 fighter aircraft that were protecting Il 2 Sturmoviks on a ground attack mission. Hartmann shot down two enemy aircraft before his fighter was hit by	by	ADP	debris	NOUN	 debris
By the beginning of November, he was the top quarterback in the country according to some evaluators. He ended his high school career ranked 127th by ESPN and 81st by Rivals.com. During the summer of 2012, he was at first unable to qualify for the 2012	2012	NUM	Elite	PROPN	 Elite
The aesthetically pleasing content is carefully selected by Brandywine's in house curator. Sixteen surround sound speakers sync harmoniously to the content playing on the Media Wall, creating a true " urban oasis ", unparalleled in the city. Brandywine has assumed full management responsibilities, including	including	VERB	property	NOUN	 property
He spent time travelling between Bangkok and Phnom Penh, and while in Phnom Penh led efforts in opening FUNCINPEC party offices across Cambodia. At the same time, FUNCINPEC began to criticise the ruling CPP, which retaliated with violent attacks by police against low level FUNCINPEC officials	officials	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
It was only in 2007 that trespassing on the palace grounds became a criminal offence. At the rear of the palace is the large and park like garden, which together with its lake is the largest private garden in London. There, the Queen hosts her annual	annual	ADJ	garden	NOUN	 garden
When the stained glass was installed, the painting was moved to the ante chapel; it was moved to the south wall of the chancel when the Binns organ was installed. The panels of Hedgeland's window were removed and cleaned in the summer of 2000, while	while	SCONJ	maintenance	NOUN	 maintenance
However, the avalanche failed to eliminate all the enemies, as Mulan catches sight of a small number of surviving Huns, including Shan Yu, making their way to the City, intent on capturing the Emperor. In the Imperial City, Mulan attempts to warn Li	Li	PROPN	Shang	PROPN	 Shang
Long was the first offensive lineman who was a Michigan high school graduate selected to the first team by the FWAA since Paul Seymour was selected to the 1972 College Football All America Team. Long was believed to be a likely mid to high first round selection if he	he	PRON	had	AUX	 had
Tanjung Lobang Beach is the oldest recreational park in Miri. It is a popular spot for watching sunsets. There are two wooden piers extending out into the ocean which offer a view of the coastline and the seahorse lighthouse at Marina Bay. Taman Selera (which serves	serves	VERB	seafood	NOUN	 seafood
The researchers felt it was premature to reorganise the classification of the complex until more study was undertaken. The Australian ringneck is active during the day and can be found in eucalypt woodlands and eucalypt lined watercourses. The species is gregarious and depending on the conditions can be	be	AUX	resident	ADJ	 resident
At the 1963 convention of the newly formed East Coast Homophile Organizations, the audience heard a speaker named Dr. Albert Ellis tell them that " the exclusive homosexual " was a psychopath. Articles and essays in The Ladder sometimes carried these viewpoints, since it was difficult to	to	PART	get	VERB	 get
The MTR was immediately popular with residents of Hong Kong; as a result, subsequent lines have been built to cover more territory. There are continual debates regarding how and where to expand the MTR network. As a successful railway operation, the MTR has served as	as	ADP	a	DET	 a
The duration is given as c. 28 minutes. In the following table of the movements, the scoring follows the Neue Bach Ausgabe. The keys and time signatures are taken from Alfred Dürr, using the symbol for common time (4 / 4). The autograph	autograph	NOUN	score	NOUN	 score
The political ban that had been placed on Wagner in Germany after he had fled Dresden was fully lifted in 1862. The composer settled in Biebrich, on the Rhine near Wiesbaden in Hesse. Here Minna visited him for the last time: they parted irrevocably, though	though	SCONJ	Wagner	PROPN	 Wagner
The conquest of Britain continued under the command of Gnaeus Julius Agricola, who expanded the Roman Empire as far as Caledonia, or modern day Scotland. Domitian also founded a new legion in 82, the Legio I Minervia, to fight against the Chatti. Domitian is	is	AUX	also	ADV	 also
Subsequently, strong upper level westerlies began affecting the storm, which caused a marked decrease in intensity; by September 25, the winds decreased to 75 mph (120 km / h), or minimal hurricane status. At that time, the NHC expected Humberto to	to	PART	continue	VERB	 continue
In the advertisement she stated that she " does not agree with the K Foundation's aims or methods ". Displaying perhaps a little humour, Whiteread's advertisement was in a similar style to the K Foundation ads, with stark white text on a black background.	.	PUNCT	Scottish	ADJ	 Scottish
" Sgt. Pepper was the first pop album to be mastered without the momentary gaps that are typically placed between tracks as a point of demarcation. It made use of two crossfades that blended songs together, giving the impression of a continuous live performance. Although both	both	DET	stereo	ADJ	 stereo
DVT diagnosis requires the use of imaging devices such as ultrasound. Clinical assessments, which predict DVT likelihood, can help determine if a D dimer test is useful. In those not highly likely to have DVT, a normal D dimer result can rule out a diagnosis	diagnosis	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
In Game 1 West scored 24 points before fouling out with three minutes left and L.A. won Game 1 with 115 – 112. However, the Knicks took Games 2 and 3, and West strained both of his hamstrings: in Game 4, the shorthanded Lakers were	were	AUX	no	DET	 no
He continued to question whether the show would be able to last more than one season, but considered the show to be becoming better developed. Moriarty praised two scenes in the episode, Shawn and Gus ' conversation on the way to the graveyard and Shawn snooping in	in	ADP	the	DET	 the
The east sign depicts Tudor Revival architecture. Christ the King Church is located at 30 Lamarck Drive at Main Street on the southeastern corner. The other three corners are residential addresses. The entryways remain in their original location, retain original design, setting, and materials	materials	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
This was one of the three races that formed the triple crown along with the English Greyhound Derby and Scottish Greyhound Derby. The track continued to host the race annually. In 1958 the entire surface required relaying after the Commonwealth Games had finished. In 1971 the Welsh	Welsh	PROPN	Greyhound	PROPN	 Greyhound
Most divided their belongings into 65 pounds (29 kg) packages that could be carried on a man's back, or heavier loads that could be pulled by hand on a sled. Ferrying packages forwards and walking back for more, a prospector would need about thirty	thirty	NUM	round	ADJ	 round
Butterflies can only fly when their temperature is above 27° C (81° F); when it is cool, they can position themselves to expose the underside of the wings to the sunlight to heat themselves up. If their body temperature reaches 40° C	C	PROPN	(	PUNCT	 (
Kerry added two titles as a member of the 4 × 100 m medley and freestyle relay teams for New South Wales. This earned Kerry his second trip to the Olympics, this time in Moscow. However, another obstacle arose with the Soviet invasion of Afghanistan,	,	PUNCT	which	PRON	 which
Infants become attached to adults who are sensitive and responsive in social interactions with the infant, and who remain as consistent caregivers for some time. Caregiver responses lead to the development of patterns of attachment, that in turn lead to internal working models which will guide the	the	DET	individual	NOUN	 individual
Titanium was discovered as an inclusion of a mineral in Cornwall, Great Britain, in 1791 by the clergyman and amateur geologist William Gregor, then vicar of Creed parish. He recognized the presence of a new element in ilmenite when he found black sand by a stream	stream	NOUN	in	ADP	 in
Peaking at number four and ten in Australia and the United Kingdom respectively, it was certified platinum by the Australian Recording Industry Association (ARIA). Minogue promoted the album on her Intimate and Live tour, which was positively received critically and commercially. Minogue left her	her	PRON	label	NOUN	 label
In a subsequent review of the episode in an October 2013, Dyess Nugent again praised the sketch, writing that it was an outstanding work both as a form of humor and a tribute to Star Trek fans. Writing for CNN in 2014, journalist Todd Leopold commented	commented	VERB	that	SCONJ	 that
Apart from the forts, the garrison itself was heavily expanded during the initial construction years and became the largest garrison in Sweden, taking an exceptional position in Swedish military history of the 20th century; even at the start of the 21st century, Boden was the largest	largest	ADJ	garrison	NOUN	 garrison
Both the Royal Canadian Mounted Police (RCMP) and Transport Canada conducted investigations on the accident. The RCMP released its report on July 29, 2008. The report stated that the van would not have passed a safety inspection at the time of the accident because of	of	ADP	rust	NOUN	 rust
After the Second World War there was a boom followed by a slump from which Wigan's textile industry did not recover. While the town's cotton and coal industries declined in the 20th century, the engineering industry did not go into recession. The last working cotton	cotton	NOUN	mill	NOUN	 mill
Petrie stated that the writers hoped to " stir the pot " and " get people to think " with the inclusion of the Punisher and his lethal methods, adding, " Taking lethal justice into your own hands in America in 2015 is tricky shit. We have	have	AUX	not	PART	 not
Scales also cover the head, parts of the thorax and abdomen as well as parts of the genitalia. The morphology of scales has been studied by Downey & Allyn (1975) and scales have been classified into three groups, namely hair like, or piliform,	,	PUNCT	blade	NOUN	 blade
In December 2008, it was confirmed Hamm would appear as a love interest for Fey's character, Liz Lemon. It was also announced by NBC that Hamm would star in a three episode arc; he made his debut in the February 5, 2009, episode	episode	NOUN	"	PUNCT	 "
A unique source for Jewish figurative painting under the Empire is the Dura Europos synagogue, dubbed " the Pompeii of the Syrian Desert, " buried and preserved in the mid 3rd century after the city was destroyed by Persians. Mosaics are among the most enduring of Roman	Roman	ADJ	decorative	ADJ	 decorative
That year Governor Ashbel P. Willard called the first special session of the General Assembly because they had been unable to pass an appropriations bill. Democrats regained a small majority by gaining the votes of the disaffected Whigs in the 1860 election. During the 1860s and the American	American	PROPN	Civil	PROPN	 Civil
In the theaters, I think if they danced to it, it would be kind of cool. " The song received mixed reviews. Warren Truitt from About.com described the song as Cyrus ' " only misstep " in the Hannah Montana: The Movie soundtrack because of	of	ADP	its	PRON	 its
The Southern Railway was the most financially successful of the " Big Four ", but this was largely based on investment in suburban and main line electrification. After the successful introduction of the SR Schools class in 1930, the railway had lagged behind the others in terms	terms	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
Horrocks continued to serve in the armed forces after the war, initially as GOC in Chief of Western Command, receiving substantive promotion to lieutenant general in 1946, with seniority backdated to 29 December 1944. He briefly commanded the British Army of the Rhine, until he	he	PRON	fell	VERB	 fell
In the first aria, the text " So schnell ein rauschend Wasser schießt " (As quickly as rushing water) is illustrated in the flute, the violin and the tenor voice by " fast flowing " music, " each musician required to keep changing functions –	–	PUNCT	to	PART	 to
On the following lap, Newman became the leader, but after four laps, Gordon passed him for the position. On lap 107, the eighth caution was given after Montoya spun following a bump from team mate McMurray. During the caution all the drivers made pit	pit	NOUN	stops	NOUN	 stops
The pipes were then cleaned by pulling a workman through the inside of them with cloths, and welded together, using both the " stovepiping " method and the roll weld, or " firing line ", methods. Stovepiping was an older method, in which the	the	DET	welder	NOUN	 welder
The influx of wealth and technology helped make the new Kingdom of Hawaii relatively strong, in political and economic terms. Many non native foodstuffs were introduced to the Hawaiian Islands during the early trading era, including plants such as beans, cabbage, onions, squash,	,	PUNCT	pumpkins	NOUN	 pumpkins
On 9 December 2012, Silva was welcomed at Aeroporto dos Confins by fans of Atlético Mineiro, returning to the Belo Horizonte side after 11 years away. Silva spoke of winning the 2013 Copa Libertadores title upon his return. Silva achieved this wish on 24 July 2013	2013	NUM	,	PUNCT	,
Above Pentremalwed lock, the road was built over the canal bed, and all traces have gone. This road was superseded by the A465 dual carriageway when it opened in 1996, and has become the B4242 road. The part which covered the final section of the	the	DET	canal	NOUN	 canal
Evidence for the continued existence of Christianity in eastern Britain at this time includes the survival of the cult of Saint Alban and the occurrence of eccles — from the Latin for church — in place names. There is no evidence that these native Christians tried to convert the	the	DET	Anglo	PROPN	 Anglo
The regional programme director for U.N. Women South Asia said, " There are rape cases in almost all cities and rural areas, where the victim dies immediately because of the brutality of the crime... This time, it was like, ' Wake up. ' "	"	PUNCT	Members	NOUN	 Members
The episode received a mostly positive response from critics, who praised Joss Whedon's involvement and Richards ' performance, but were disappointed that the episode did not reach the standard of the MCU films. The use of the name ' Rising Tide ' received backlash from a	a	DET	real	ADJ	 real
The songs attracted mixed commentary, particularly the performance of " Time Warp ", which was given a grade of " A + " by Entertainment Weekly's Tim Stack, but derided by Matt Zoller Seitz of Slant Magazine as " very possibly the weakest, most uninspired	uninspired	ADJ	rendition	NOUN	 rendition
The river passes over weirs at Greenham, Tone and Nynehead, after which it is crossed by the aqueduct of the Grand Western Canal and the railway, both on their own routes to Taunton. A disused bridge, constructed in 1817, spans the river at Nynehead	Nynehead	PROPN	.	PUNCT	.
They presented both a threat to Allied shipping and an impediment to the movement of reinforcements through the Italian ports, but despite strong protests from Drake and Lord Hervey, Ambassador to Tuscany, the Republican sympathisers in Genoa and Leghorn refused to compel the French ships to leave	leave	VERB	.	PUNCT	.
The most contentious of Etty's 1835 RA exhibits was Venus and Her Satellites, a depiction of the Toilet of Venus. This was condemned in much of the press as pornographic, and was described as having a " total absence of soul ", with The Observer	Observer	PROPN	in	ADP	 in
The UFA's submission, presented in Calgary by Gardiner, emphasized these points and accused the banks of charging predatory interest rates. It called on the commission to recommend a government owned central bank and controls on interest, and concluded that " the monetary system has failed	failed	VERB	"	PUNCT	 "
Jerry was captured off New York late in 1777; he escaped from prison in Britain, and continued privateering throughout the war. The British naval command was continually frustrated by the actions of the Machias seamen during the war, and by the use of Machias as a	a	DET	staging	NOUN	 staging
The player may take a short tutorial before beginning the adventure. Each planet offers a possible quest or challenge to the player. Challenges are tactical battles in which the player must fight against a variety of enemies. However, ships can only be harmed from behind or	or	CCONJ	below	ADV	 below
Bus. US 31 passes more businesses before entering a residential area. The business spur terminates at the intersection with Johnson Street in Hart. A segment of US 31 freeway opened from the Polk Road interchange northward to Monroe Road southeast of Pentwater in 1978. At that	that	DET	time	NOUN	 time
Two gold selling tribute albums have been released, Nativity in Black Volume 1 & 2, including covers by Sepultura, White Zombie, Type O Negative, Faith No More, Machine Head, Primus, System of a Down, and Monster Magnet. Metallica's Lars	Lars	PROPN	Ulrich	PROPN	 Ulrich
Dr. Crusher, struggling against the effects of the ailment, finds the original antidote documented by Kirk's Enterprise to be ineffective, and begins devising a new version of it. Now infected, Wesley uses a digital sample of Captain Picard's voice to lure key engineering	engineering	NOUN	crew	NOUN	 crew
Soon after taking office, Chamberlain instructed his ministers to prepare two year policy programmes. These reports were to be integrated with the intent of co ordinating the passage of legislation through the current Parliament, the term of which was to expire in November 1940. At the	the	DET	time	NOUN	 time
Martina came in second place to Usain Bolt, completing the event in 19.82 seconds over Usain Bolt's world record breaking performance of 19.30 seconds. However, when American would be bronze medalist Wallace Spearmon was disqualified for running outside of his lane, the American coaches reviewed	reviewed	VERB	video	NOUN	 video
The upper cofferdam was 96 ft (29 m) high, and 750 feet (230 m) thick at its base, as thicker than the dam itself. It contained 650,000 cubic yards (500,000 m3) of material. When the cofferdams were in place and	and	CCONJ	the	DET	 the
This means that the binding of one substrate molecule affects the binding of subsequent substrate molecules. This behavior is most common in multimeric enzymes with several interacting active sites. Here, the mechanism of cooperation is similar to that of hemoglobin, with binding of substrate to one	one	NUM	active	ADJ	 active
" The couple battled over their differing beliefs until Vonnegut moved from their Cape Cod home to New York in 1971. Vonnegut called the disagreements " painful ", and said the resulting split was a " terrible, unavoidable accident that we were ill equipped to understand.	.	PUNCT	"	PUNCT	 "
By measuring the temperatures of the coolest of these white dwarfs and comparing them to their expected initial temperature, an age estimate can be made. With this technique, the age of the globular cluster M4 was estimated as 12.7 ± 0.7 billion years. Age estimates of	of	ADP	the	DET	 the
On the Cambridge Water Company's third claim, Kennedy was forced to consider the meaning of " non natural " in this setting. He held that the use of industrial chemicals was not " non natural ", given that it was on an industrial site, and	and	CCONJ	that	SCONJ	 that
Chief Rubin initially confirmed four fatalities (including the train operator) and 74 injuries, 14 of which were considered moderate and 6 critical. Five of the dead were discovered in the wreckage and removed from the site of the collision on the morning of June 23,	,	PUNCT	as	SCONJ	 as
The depths to which Turner and Meyszner's personal vendetta plunged is demonstrated by the fact that they could not agree on how to use the funds stolen from Serbian Jews killed as part of the Final Solution in 1941 and the first half of 1942. On 1 August	August	PROPN	1942	NUM	 1942
While acknowledging the validity of all faiths, in essence, his song words explicitly criticise the Pope and the perceived materialism of the Catholic Church – a verse that EMI and Capitol Records continue to omit from the album's lyrics. He also questions the validity of John	John	PROPN	Lennon	PROPN	 Lennon
It is not simply grounded, as a much too innocent view might maintain, in the mixture of poetry and prose. The evil, in the neoromantic lyric, consists in the fitting out of the words with a theological overtone, which is belied by the condition	condition	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
Ofcom advertises the licences of new digital radio ensembles and are subject to an open competition to the highest bidder. Ensemble licence awards are awarded for twelve years. On digital television services, individual stations can apply for either a digital cable and satellite licence to broadcast on	on	ADP	the	DET	 the
Until Lennon's death in December 1980, " Instant Karma! " remained his sole RIAA certified gold single. Despite the stated intentions for Lennon and Ono's Year 1 AP, the proceeds from the auctioning of their hair benefited Michael X's Black House commune rather	rather	ADV	than	ADP	 than
A showcase for postmodern architecture, it also features the McCormick Tribune Ice Skating Rink, the BP Pedestrian Bridge, the Joan W. and Irving B. Harris Theater for Music and Dance, Wrigley Square, the McDonald's Cycle Center, the Exelon Pavilions, the AT &	&	CCONJ	T	PROPN	 T
When Newsom was later appointed supervisor, he told the San Francisco Examiner: " That's the kind of bureaucratic malaise I'm going to be working through. " The business grew to an enterprise with more than 700 employees. The PlumpJack Cafe Partners L.P. opened the	the	DET	PlumpJack	PROPN	 PlumpJack
In contrast to " Audience ", the trilogy singles focused on hopelessness, a reflection of Hamasaki's disappointment that she had not expressed herself thoroughly in any of her previous lyrics. She described her feelings after the writing as " unnatural " and was constantly " nervous	nervous	ADJ	"	PUNCT	 "
The film aired on various video on demand channels, before officially premiering in the United States on the Syfy Channel on September 8, 2007. This film lends its name to the film series to which it belongs and is the third film in the series. Filmed	Filmed	VERB	in	ADP	 in
In the episode, which takes place almost a year after the previous episode " A.A.R.M. ", present and past employees of Dunder Mifflin gather for the wedding of Dwight Schrute (Rainn Wilson) and Angela Martin (Angela Kinsey). In addition, Pam Halpert (	(	PUNCT	Jenna	PROPN	Jenna
At the household level, AIDS causes both loss of income and increased spending on healthcare. A study in Côte d'Ivoire showed that households having a person with HIV / AIDS spent twice as much on medical expenses as other households. This additional expenditure also leaves less income	income	NOUN	to	PART	 to
The attacks are also briefly referred to in Benchley's novel White Shark (1994). The 1916 fatal attacks are the subject of three studies: Richard G. Fernicola's In Search of the " Jersey Man Eater " (1987) and Twelve Days of Terror (	(	PUNCT	2001	NUM	2001
The American historian Herbert P. Bix described the relationship between the general and the Emperor as: " Henceforth the Allied commander would use the Emperor, and the Emperor would cooperate in being used. Their relationship become one of expediency and mutual protection, of more political benefit	benefit	NOUN	to	ADP	 to
Aided by orthographic lift from the Appalachian Mountains, the rainfall caused numerous reports of flood damage across the Southeast and Mid Atlantic states. For any given 50,000 sq mi (130,000 km2) area of land affected by the storm, the maximum average rainfall was 6.4 in	in	ADP	(	PUNCT	 (
A saros series lasts 1226 to 1550 years and 69 to 87 eclipses, with about 40 to 60 of them being central. Between two and five solar eclipses occur every year, with at least one per eclipse season. Since the Gregorian calendar was instituted in 1582	1582	NUM	,	PUNCT	,
They will upload and download data with Stanford's Folding @ home data servers (over port 8080, with 80 as an alternative), and the communication is verified using 2048 bit digital signatures. While the client's GUI is open source, the client is proprietary	proprietary	ADJ	software	NOUN	 software
CNN initially reported on the morning of 27 November 2008 that the hostage situation at the Taj had been resolved and quoted the police chief of Maharashtra stating that all hostages were freed; however, it was learned later that day that there were still two attackers holding hostages	hostages	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
His guitar playing utilizes a minimal, acoustic and sparse sound and space blended with the live percussion of drummer Chuck Treece, Jupiter heavy bass lines and keyboardist Greg Galbreath's synths. Vocals are more prevalent on the album than on Guerrero's previous recordings, with vocal	vocal	ADJ	tracks	NOUN	 tracks
" Mary Godwin may have first met the radical poet philosopher Percy Bysshe Shelley in the interval between her two stays in Scotland. By the time she returned home for a second time on 30 March 1814, Percy Shelley had become estranged from his wife and was regularly	regularly	ADV	visiting	VERB	 visiting
Tecumseh launched an " impassioned rebuttal ", but Harrison was unable to understand his language. A Shawnee friendly to Harrison cocked his pistol from the sidelines to alert Harrison that Tecumseh's speech was leading to trouble. Some witnesses reported that Tecumseh was encouraging the warriors to	to	PART	kill	VERB	 kill
He criticized the " one dimensional " nature of Stewie's character, but was impressed by the amount of story featured in this half hour episode. In another article, Haque named Stewie's time machine plan from " Mind Over Murder " number five in his list	list	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
Based in Tanzania, it aimed to overthrow the Ugandan government of Idi Amin. Rwigyema returned to Tanzania and fought in the 1979 war during which Museveni's army, allied with the Tanzanian army and other Ugandan exiles, defeated Amin. After Amin's defeat, inspired	inspired	VERB	by	ADP	 by
During the years after Modell's move and the Browns ' suspension, a dozen new stadiums were built for NFL teams. Citing the precedent set by the Browns ' relocation, NFL owners used the threat of a move to convince their cities to build new stadiums with	with	ADP	public	ADJ	 public
At the same time, TGS star Jenna Maroney (Jane Krakowski) shares a dressing room with her co star Danny Baker (Jackson), and Tracy Jordan (Tracy Morgan) has a health scare. Before the airing, NBC moved the program to a new	new	ADJ	timeslot	NOUN	 timeslot
Adulterators were thus fined, imprisoned, and executed — by immolation. England was next to have its turn as a major producer. One theory has it that the crop spread to the coastal regions of eastern England in the 14th century AD during the reign of Edward	Edward	PROPN	III	PROPN	 III
Creditors forced a liquidation sale in 2004 and the Pakistani government claimed the proceeds because the home had been bought with money obtained through corruption. However, he stepped in to claim that he actually was the beneficial owner. As of November 2008, the proceeds were in	in	ADP	a	DET	 a
Armor that was 6 in thick protected the secondary battery. The conning tower had 10 in (254 mm) thick sides. Alabama was laid down at the William Cramp & Sons shipyard in Philadelphia on 2 December 1896 and was launched on 18 May 1898. She	She	PRON	was	AUX	 was
Sometime before 1917, the Ashland Cotton Company erected a dam on the site and created the 145 acre reservoir; the dam was used to generate electrical power for its mills in Jewett City. The United States Government purchased the land in the 1930s for recreational use and	and	CCONJ	used	VERB	 used
The lower casemate was above the belt, 218 feet (66.4 m) long and eight feet high, and was intended to protect the bases of the turrets. It had 16 inch sides and was closed off by 16 inch transverse bulkheads fore and aft. The	The	DET	upper	ADJ	 upper
Comparing the two, Marcus comments, " ' Chicago ' functioned in the lyric as a place as distant as ' the Philippine Islands '; ' California ' was a place as mythical as ' Ethiopia ' ". " I Believe I'll Dust My Broom "	"	PUNCT	was	AUX	 was
The Germans were particularly dependent on foreign supplies of oil, coal, and grain. To safeguard Swedish iron ore shipments to Germany, Hitler ordered an attack on Norway, which took place on 9 April 1940. Much of the country was occupied by German troops by	by	ADP	the	DET	 the
The Archbishop of Ohrid, Atanasije, after his movement had largely failed in Albania, was now in Rome. The Serb uprising had no better luck; the Herzegovinian tribes, Drobnjaci, Nikšić and Piva began fighting, but were defeated at the field of Gacko (	(	PUNCT	Gatačko	PROPN	Gatačko
He was runner up for the 2003 and 2004 FIFA World Player of the Year awards; in those two seasons, he also won back to back PFA Players ' Player of the Year titles. Henry is the only player ever to have won the FWA Footballer of	of	ADP	the	DET	 the
During his stay in Hannover, Lee began to heal quickly, but after receiving advice from a fellow prisoner, he greatly exaggerated the injury, and was selected to be returned to England. He began the journey on 1 October 1915, and boarded the boat for	for	ADP	England	PROPN	 England
" on it – a celebration which seemingly disputes the accuracy of newspaper reports. The day before the match, Balotelli and his friends set Balotelli's house on fire when a firework was let off in it, and later that week Balotelli was unveiled as Greater Manchester	Manchester	PROPN	's	PART	's
After initial development, management of the program was turned over to the U.S. Navy Bureau of Ordnance in May 1945. A total of 486 live and inert training bombs were eventually delivered, at a cost of between $1,000 and $2,000 apiece. All of the	the	DET	inert	ADJ	 inert
Tensions among the Flavian troops ran high, but as long as Galba and Otho remained in power, Vespasian refused to take action. When Otho was defeated by Vitellius at the First Battle of Bedriacum however, the armies in Judaea and Egypt took matters into their own	own	ADJ	hands	NOUN	 hands
He was offered a contract, but rejected it and joined the Glenn Hoddle Academy in Spain on a two year deal, stating he felt it would help to improve his technical skill. Burge scored the quickest goal in the academy's history, netting against Spanish side	side	NOUN	San	PROPN	 San
Titus assured Domitian that full partnership in the government would soon be his, but neither tribunician power nor imperium of any kind was conferred upon him during Titus ' brief reign. The new Emperor was not eager to alter this arrangement: he was under forty and at	at	ADP	the	DET	 the
During World War I, the palace, then the home of King George V and Queen Mary, escaped unscathed. Its more valuable contents were evacuated to Windsor but the royal family remained in situ. The King imposed rationing at the palace, much to the dismay	dismay	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
Despite this, viewership between the first and second half hour dropped, significantly. The episode received positive reviews from critics and was named among the best pilots of the aforesaid television season. Noted songwriting duo Julia Houston (Debra Messing) and Tom Levitt (Christian Borle	Borle	PROPN	)	PUNCT	)
Inkster is located in Metropolitan Detroit, east of both Ann Arbor and University of Michigan. Wheatley's father (also named Tyrone) suffered a mortal gunshot wound to the head in 1974 when Wheatley was two years old. Wheatley's stepfather died of a heart attack	attack	NOUN	when	SCONJ	 when
The base was transferred to Canadian control in 1960 and is now known as CFS St. John's. The Knights of Columbus Hostel fire in December 1942, saw 99 military and civilian lives lost. St. John's, and the province as a whole, was gravely	gravely	ADV	affected	VERB	 affected
In Namibia, Eline's rainfall contributed to the third wettest summer in 50 years, as well as the wettest since 1976. Several locations in the southern portion of the country reported daily rainfall rates of 60 mm (2.4 in). Immediately after Eline struck Madagascar	Madagascar	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
Initially, the programme was scheduled to begin on the occasion of Gudi Padwa, beginning of the New year according to the lunisolar Hindu calendar but later finalized to be Rama Navami, traditional birthday of Rama. The program's first song " Kuśa Lava Rāmāyaṇ Gātī "	"	PUNCT	was	AUX	 was
Hammett's and Hetfield's voices were used in three episodes of the animated television series Metalocalypse. Finnish cello metal band Apocalyptica released a tribute album titled Plays Metallica by Four Cellos, which features eight Metallica songs played on cellos. A parody band named Beatallica plays music	music	NOUN	using	VERB	 using
The state of Texas on the team's helmet was replaced by an arrowhead design originally sketched by Lamar Hunt on a napkin. Hunt's inspiration for the interlocking " KC " design was the " SF " inside of an oval on the San Francisco 49ers helmets.	.	PUNCT	Unlike	ADP	 Unlike
It has also been caught at a depth of 330 – 381 m (1,083 – 1,250 ft) over the Kyushu Palau Ridge, indicating that it at least occasionally approaches the bottom. This species prefers water temperatures above 19° C (66° F),	,	PUNCT	and	CCONJ	 and
King later stated that he enjoyed the episode and found it funny. In addition to the regular cast, actor Richard Dreyfuss, actor Roy Scheider (who recorded his part in the episode shortly before his death in February 2008), and actor George Wendt guest starred	starred	VERB	in	ADP	 in
The Barnes demeanour in the field illustrated the general purposefulness of the Australians. However, Barnes received criticism for this approach, including from Fingleton, who fielded there during his playing career. A letter was published in English newspapers, questioning Bradman on whether Barnes's position	position	NOUN	was	AUX	 was
He said that while the story could have focused more on the future city, " in the end, the plotlines come together, and the complexities merge into a satisfying unity ". Speculative fiction writer Simon Petrie writing in Andromeda Spaceways Inflight Magazine was impressed by the	the	DET	book	NOUN	 book
The Indians traded him to the White Sox in 1949, then the White Sox sent him to the Philadelphia Athletics in 1950. Tipton spent two and a half years with the Athletics before returning to Cleveland. After spending a season with the Washington Senators, he played	played	VERB	and	CCONJ	 and
Moreover, Fadl too participated in this policy with Muhanna, albeit discreetly; the contemporary historian al Umari wrote " Muhanna and Fadl were agreed at heart, but openly they were otherwise ". An Nasir sought to keep the Al Fadl loyal to him and prevent their	their	PRON	defection	NOUN	 defection
A bee fossil from the early Cretaceous (~ 100 mya), Melittosphex burmensis, is considered " an extinct lineage of pollen collecting Apoidea sister to the modern bees ". Derived features of its morphology (apomorphies) place it clearly within the bees, but it	it	PRON	retains	VERB	 retains
Because the tooth rows are deeply inset from the outside of the jaws, and because of other anatomical details, it is believed that, as with most other ornithischians, Iguanodon had some sort of cheek like structure, muscular or non muscular, to retain food in	in	ADP	the	DET	 the
Supersymmetry severely restricts the possible number of dimensions of a brane. In 1987, Eric Bergshoeff, Ergin Sezgin, and Paul Townsend showed that eleven dimensional supergravity includes two dimensional branes. Intuitively, these objects look like sheets or membranes propagating through the eleven dimensional spacetime.	.	PUNCT	Shortly	ADV	 Shortly
Team GB was represented by two athletes in synchronised swimming, competing in the duet event. Team GB entered three athletes into the taekwondo competition in Beijing. Sarah Stevenson won Team GB's first ever medal in Olympic taekwondo – a bronze in the women's + 67	67	NUM	kg	NOUN	 kg
Pretty in a flawed, accessible way. She doesn't stop the party when she walks in, but you'd like to get to know her. Her vulnerable quality masks a strength even she doesn't know exists. " For the role, Cameron chose Linda	Linda	PROPN	Hamilton	PROPN	 Hamilton
In 21 games (12 starts), Lieber compiled a 4 – 7 record, a 6.32 ERA, 45 strikeouts, 14 walks, and 103 hits allowed in 72 2 ⁄ 3 innings pitched. Lieber remained in the bullpen to begin the 1996 season. In	In	ADP	his	PRON	 his
Triple H returned on the October 3 episode of Raw, WWE Homecoming, after a four month hiatus. He took part in a match, teaming up with Ric Flair, who was a fan favorite during Triple H's absence, to take on Chris Masters and	and	CCONJ	Carlito	PROPN	 Carlito
In the 1990s, 255 pounds (116 kg) of the annual phosphorus load of Harveys Lake came from internal loading, 233 pounds (106 kg) came from groundwater, 199 pounds (90 kg) came from developed land, and 150 pounds (68 kg	kg	NOUN	)	PUNCT	)
During the civil war, soldiers would put guns through holes in the windows and shoot at the school, what she notes as " bullying exploitation. " Her classmates were trained to dive under the table or run next door to English language schools that, according to	to	ADP	her	PRON	 her
Another £89,172 was spent to bring her up to the standards of the Royal Navy. In British service she was deemed " a white elephant, being a thoroughly bad ship in most respects — unlucky, full of inherent faults and small vices, and at times	times	NOUN	a	DET	 a
In an interview with The Age, Suppression also said that Primary Colours's title refers to the way that everything is made up of a combination of simple things, as all colours are made by combining primary colours. Primary Colours was originally released in Australia on 5	5	NUM	May	PROPN	 May
Kerry found more success in the 100 m backstroke, winning his heat in 57.99 s to qualify third fastest for the semifinals. He then scraped into the final as the second slowest qualifier, after coming fourth in his semifinal in a time of 58.04 s. His time	time	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
More than 16,000 rounds of M60 ammunition had been fired during the fighting, along with 6,000 rounds of M16 ammunition. The artillery had fired over 1,453 rounds of 105 mm and 200 rounds of 155 mm high explosive in support. Over the next six days Australian pioneer	pioneer	NOUN	and	CCONJ	 and
The campus is situated in Goffstown, New Hampshire, with a portion of the athletic fields occupying the adjoining town of Bedford. The mailing address for students and faculty is Manchester, New Hampshire. There are a total of 60 buildings on campus, which spans over	over	ADP	450	NUM	 450
After going 25 – 2 in his first two years of college baseball, he was drafted in the 30th round by the Texas Rangers in 2003. Feldman had Tommy John surgery later that year. He followed it up with a minor league career in which he had	had	VERB	a	DET	 a
Further investigations were instigated by the ' Royal Commission on the Poor Laws and Relief of Distress 1905 09 ', the Commission found it difficult to agree, beyond that change was necessary and produced separate minority and majority reports. The minority report was the work of Booth	Booth	PROPN	with	ADP	 with
Phil Klemmer, another of the series ' writers, thought of the episode's title. Both writers knew that this episode's serial rapist case would later be used in the third season. The writers planned for one of Veronica's classmates to be dating Don Lamb	Lamb	PROPN	before	SCONJ	 before
Barbauld's poetry, which addresses a wide range of topics, has been read primarily by feminist literary critics interested in recovering women writers who were important in their own time but who have been forgotten by literary history. Isobel Armstrong's work represents one way to do	do	VERB	such	ADJ	 such
In spite of his defeat of Callaghan's force, Abe ordered his warships to retire without bombarding Henderson Field. Hiei sank later that day after repeated air attacks by CAF aircraft and aircraft from the U.S. carrier Enterprise. Because of Abe's failure to neutralize Henderson Field	Field	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
Experiments were also made with various diesel and petrol railcars for use smaller branch lines, with the DERM being the most successful, remaining in service from 1928 to 1991. A fleet of Walker railcars was also introduced in the 1950s, along with Z type saloon carriage	carriage	NOUN	stock	NOUN	 stock
His monks became upset at this renewal of their exploitation and sent Thomas, along with other monks, to appropriate the harvest from some lands that had been given by Norreis to a non member of the community. Norreis protested to King John and to Hubert Walter.	.	PUNCT	Both	CCONJ	 Both
Prior to the Battle of the Bulge, the U.S. Army was engaged in a campaign to attack the Roer River dams before invading the rest of Germany. The 99th Infantry Division was supporting the 2nd Infantry Division in their attack on the German West Wall at Wahlerscheid.	.	PUNCT	During	ADP	 During
The social mix is similar to the national norm: around 50% are in the ABC1 social category, although this varies by ward, with just 44% in Broadfield North compared to 75% in Maidenbower. The proportion of people in the borough with higher education	education	NOUN	qualifications	NOUN	 qualifications
Burns suggests that the wedding took place in Melbourne rather than Adelaide because Crawford may have been avoiding his creditors. Two days after the wedding, the couple returned to New Zealand. Crawford's wages caused the OCA some financial difficulty and were the cause of extended negotiations	negotiations	NOUN	in	ADP	 in
Two days before the season finale, on December 20, 1996, Kotite announced his resignation effective at season's end. After the last game, a 31 – 28 home loss to the Dolphins, Kotite was hit with a full cup of beer as he left	left	VERB	the	DET	 the
The eight home runs that Bates hit and his 75 RBI became the highest of his career at any professional level. The Diablos finished the regular season with an 85 – 50 record and made the Texas League playoffs, eventually winning the League title for the first time	time	NOUN	since	SCONJ	 since
However, unlike Nataraja, Bhikshatana is not related to specific temples, but has become " part of the mythological and festival related traditions of all the major Tamil shrines ". For instance, in Chidambaram (where a famous Nataraja temple stands), Bhikshatana is paraded	paraded	VERB	in	ADP	 in
While energy is being lost on destroying the food, a competitive advantage is given to the individual due to an increase in competitive gain. This would be pertinent for a male which could be displaced within his group to immigrating males. Female vervets do not have external	external	ADJ	signs	NOUN	 signs
His vocal works include hymns, folk song arrangements and large scale choral pieces. He wrote eight works for stage performance between 1919 and 1951. Although none of his operas became popular repertoire pieces, his ballet Job: A Masque for Dancing (1930) was successful	successful	ADJ	and	CCONJ	 and
During that time, she destroyed railway bridges and a small shipyard while conducting call fire missions on enemy command posts, bunkers, and personnel shelters, making numerous cuts on enemy trench lines in the process. On 26 February, Wisconsin arrived at Pusan where Vice Admiral	Admiral	PROPN	Shon	PROPN	 Shon
The next day, the Gruppe took off heading for the airspace south of Rosières where they engaged a formation of 15 to 20 P 47s. During this encounter, Weissenberger claimed three victories, numbers 188 to 190. The Gruppe was given a few days of rest	rest	NOUN	and	CCONJ	 and
Tadeusz Rejtan was born on 20 August 1742 in Hruszówka (now, Hrushauka, Belarus) (date as given in the Polish Biographical Dictionary, some other sources give other dates). He was the son of a minor, but relatively wealthy noble, Dominik Rejtan	Rejtan	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
Built around The Dave Brubeck Quartet's " Take Five " and Fred Wesley's " Same Beat ", the lyrics are mostly unconventional, with the majority of the song containing references to food: " I was pushing my trolley from detergent to cheese when I first	first	ADV	saw	VERB	 saw
The hurricane warning associated with Hurricane Richard remained in place for the east coast of Belize as landfall was occurring, since the storm made landfall to the south southeast of Belize City. Prior to the storm's landfall, an estimated 10,000 people took refuge in storm shelters	shelters	NOUN	and	CCONJ	 and
Welfare programs for the needy are managed by more than 30 public agencies alongside semi state organizations known as bonyads, together with several private non governmental organizations. Bonyads are a consortium of over 120 tax exempt organizations that receive subsidies and religious donations. They answer directly to	to	ADP	the	DET	 the
) The hunger worsened when expected supplies were not available when they reached the Green River. Three days later wagons from Utah carrying provisions finally rescued the famished emigrants. The last two handcart companies made the journey in 1860, again following the route through St. Joseph.	.	PUNCT	Although	SCONJ	 Although
The visual novel also inspired a pachinko slot machine produced by Sammy. The pachinko slot adaptation, named Pachislot To Heart 2, was released to Japanese pachinko parlors in February 2012. A video game recreation of Pachislot for the PS3 was later released by Aquaplus on October	October	PROPN	25	NUM	 25
Clemons added that he was surprised for " getting paid for this. I would have done it for free. I can never believe something that feels so good earns me money. " According to the sheet music published at Musicnotes.com by Sony / ATV Music Publishing,	,	PUNCT	the	DET	 the
Beyoncé then slow winds to " Party " as the crowd swayed their arms back and forth and stretched out the " y " to every other verse. Beyoncé then began harmonizing with the back up singers for " Rather Die Young ", before following a heavily choreographed	choreographed	VERB	version	NOUN	 version
Several references are made to the 1980s police drama Hill Street Blues: the briefing scene at the police station is similar and the background and end credits music, are parodies of the show's theme. Marge appears on an episode of COPS, and McGriff the dog	dog	NOUN	is	AUX	 is
Taking advantage of improved conditions in the stock market in mid 2009, UBS placed US $3.5 billion of shares with a small number of large institutional investors. Oswald Grübel announced, “ We are building a new UBS, one that performs to the highest standards and	and	CCONJ	behaves	NOUN	 behaves
While they thought it was possible the base might be attacked while the camp was being prepared, they thought it unlikely. Platoon Sergeant Dzwik later remarked " I was expecting harassing fire from any one of the high ground in every direction. I did not think the	the	DET	village	NOUN	 village
Riverwind is played as a non player character (NPC) by the Dungeon Master. Tika Waylan makes her first appearance as an NPC; she is available for use as a PC and joins up with the Heroes of the Lance in Chapter 7 of Dragons of Flame	Flame	PROPN	.	PUNCT	.
Song may accompany daily tasks, provide entertainment, preserve history or communicate social and political messages. Music is likewise integral to the experience of spiritual ritual among many ethnic and religious groups on the island. Among some ethnic groups music would help advance a repetitive or arduous	arduous	ADJ	task	NOUN	 task
On land, a station in Hong Kong recorded a pressure of about 1,000.0 hectopascals (29.53 inHg) as well as minor winds. No damage was reported. On July 7, a tropical depression was first observed while located about 400 miles (645 km) east	east	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
The centrepiece is a 15 metre interactive table that enables visitors to access digitised material, particularly from the Churchill Archives Centre, via an ' electronic filing cabinet '. The Churchill Museum won the 2006 Council of Europe Museum Prize. During 2009 2011 the museum received over	over	ADP	300,000	NUM	 300,000
Soon after his death, Hilde Dawson moved to Lethbridge. Upon her death on June 15, 1987, she was interred beside her husband. Upon his death, Premier Manning stated on Dawson: " In his passing not only Alberta, but all of Canada has	has	AUX	lost	VERB	 lost
The 92nd Motorised Regiment kampfgruppe consisted of two columns, a western column based on the 92nd Motorised Regiment, and an eastern column consisting of the 54th Reconnaissance Battalion and 1st Home Guard Jäger Regiment of the 2nd Croatian Light Infantry Brigade. The western column advanced southeast from	from	ADP	Bihać	PROPN	 Bihać
" Lee was unaware that the police had already recommended that both he and " Inglis " should be court martialled and shot if found guilty. Lody was taken back to London where he was detained in Wellington Barracks under the watch of the 3rd Battalion, the Grenadier	Grenadier	PROPN	Guards	PROPN	 Guards
The film opened second in the weekend rankings behind Maleficent, with an intake of $4.5 million. As of November 30, 2014, with $15.3 million, Edge of Tomorrow is the sixth highest grossing foreign movie of the year in Japan, and the 21st	21st	NOUN	overall	ADJ	 overall
Espinoza remarked, " I wanted to let him enjoy his race, " later adding, " I wanted to see if he [could] go wire to wire... that was the day I found out how much he loves to run. " The San Felipe	Felipe	PROPN	was	AUX	 was
The division is visually striking and the difference in crowd noise levels from one end of the stadium to the other almost always has a direct impact on the game. As intense as the rivalry between the schools is, there were many factors that tied the programs together	together	ADV	in	ADP	 in
These duties lasted until early 1805, with Loring being superseded by Captain John Cooke on 24 April. In May 1805 a large French fleet under the command of Vice Admiral Pierre Charles Villeneuve escaped from Toulon. Bellerophon was dispatched with a squadron under Vice Admiral Cuthbert Collingwood	Collingwood	PROPN	to	PART	 to
There, around 5,000 homes were destroyed with another 25,000 damaged, with 10,000 people left homeless in and around the city. The luxury resort hotels near the beach were largely unaffected by the hurricane, though residents in the shanty towns lost what little they had. Much	Much	ADJ	of	ADP	 of
As with other Fringe episodes, Fox released a science lesson plan in collaboration with Science Olympiad for grade school children, focusing on the science seen in " Marionette ", with the intention of having " students learn about 3 dimensional protein models and how their use allows	allows	VERB	scientists	NOUN	 scientists
Mikołaj Rej, a Polish Renaissance poet and moralist, included the earliest known Polish recipe for pickled beetroots in his 1568 book, Life of an Honest Man. It would later evolve into ćwikła, or chrain mit burik, a beet and horseradish relish popular in Polish	Polish	ADJ	and	CCONJ	 and
Jews do not agree with this statement. Historically, Muslim scholars have interpreted this verse as referring to a small group of Jews making such a reverence. Uzair lived between the times of King Solomon and the time of Zachariah, father of John the Baptist. Although	Although	SCONJ	not	PART	 not
Founded and sponsored by the Sisters of St. Joseph of Peace in 1925, the hospital has grown to become a comprehensive 361 bed medical center. Affiliation with NewYork Presbyterian Healthcare System further brings the advantages of large urban hospitals to the community, with access to clinical trials	trials	NOUN	and	CCONJ	 and
Vidler said he found the performance so powerful that when he first watched the rushes of the scene alone, he burst into tears. The soundtrack to the film was released on 28 April 1997 on Mercury Records Australia. Vidler said a lot of time was spend sifting	sifting	VERB	through	ADP	 through
Situated on Glynwood Gardens and Southend Road, the schools were later merged; Glynwood School survives as the sole educational establishment in Sheriff Hill. As of 2010, the school is larger than average and the proportion of children entitled to and claiming free school meals is well	well	ADV	above	ADP	 above
Her mission was cancelled and she returned to Pearl Harbor a week later. After a few days, she was sent to create a diversion from the force en route to relieve the besieged Wake Island garrison by attacking Japanese installations in the Marshall Islands. The island was	was	AUX	forced	VERB	 forced
A PlayStation Network version was released in June 2010, due to consumer demand generated by the game's original announcement. A PlayStation 3 release had not been possible at launch, as Telltale's game engine was not built to run on the platform. An iPad enhanced	enhanced	VERB	iOS	NUM	 iOS
The Otis Redding Dictionary of Soul was released on October 15, 1966 on the Stax label and peaked at number 73 and at number 5 on the Billboard 200 and the R & B LP charts respectively. The Otis Redding Dictionary of Soul received positive critical reception.	.	PUNCT	Mark	PROPN	 Mark
Later, his actor playwright theatre manager son was credited as George Grossmith " Jr " rather than " III "; some sources confuse the two men. His other son, Lawrence Grossmith, was also a successful actor, primarily in America. Grossmith had a younger	younger	ADJ	sister	NOUN	 sister
Whatever the meaning, Ganoga Lake is the source of the branch of Kitchen Creek that flows through Ganoga Glen, which has the tallest waterfall. A dam was built upstream of the waterfalls on the Ganoga Glen branch of Kitchen Creek in 1842. Ricketts strengthened the dam	dam	NOUN	circa	ADV	 circa
Treatment at this stage limits further progression but has only slight effect on damage which has already occurred. One of the potential side effects of treatment is the Jarisch Herxheimer reaction. It frequently starts within one hour and lasts for 24 hours, with symptoms of fever,	,	PUNCT	muscle	NOUN	 muscle
Later that evening, Elizabeth sees Lakha meeting with her brother. She races to the village and informs Bhuvan of Lakha's deception. Rather than allow the villagers to kill him, Bhuvan offers Lakha the chance to redeem himself. The next day as part of his	his	PRON	promise	NOUN	 promise
Radcliffe's closest railway connection therefore remained several miles distant at Stoneclough. The opening of the Manchester, Bury and Rossendale Railway (later known as the East Lancashire Railway (ELR)) in 1846 brought the town a direct connection to Manchester and Bury. Two stations	stations	NOUN	served	VERB	 served
" I was a skinny kid. They could have crushed me in an instant, " he stated. While Bissell showed early promise as a dancer, he also showed signs of being a troubled young man and began taking drugs at the age of 14. He	He	PRON	was	AUX	 was
Although Badrinath is located in North India, the head priest, or Rawal, is traditionally a Nambudiri Brahmin chosen from the South Indian state of Kerala. This tradition is believed to have been initiated by Adi Shankara, who was a South Indian philosopher. The Rawal	Rawal	PROPN	(	PUNCT	 (
Biman Bangladesh Airlines was established on 4 January 1972 as Bangladesh's national airline under the Bangladesh Biman Ordinance (Presidential Order No. 126). The initiative to launch the flag carrier was taken by 2,500 former employees, including ten Boeing 707 commanders and seven other pilots	pilots	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
The faintness of the accretion disc of an X ray binary during quiescence is suspected to be caused by the flow of mass entering a mode called an advection dominated accretion flow (ADAF). In this mode, almost all the energy generated by friction in the disc	disc	NOUN	is	AUX	 is
Twenty to twenty five individuals are known for this species, including seven skulls with at least some of the rest of the skeleton. The second species, P. blackfeetensis, is based on a specimen in the Museum of the Rockies (MOR 454), which was	was	AUX	described	VERB	 described
Now free, Tigh resorts to escalating their efforts, by planning suicide bombings against the Cylons and any human collaborators. The resistance is given intelligence by an unidentified informant from the Cylon command structure, by use of a secret dead drop; flipping a dog bowl and	and	CCONJ	hiding	VERB	 hiding
However, according to the FMS, the system retained gale force winds through December 2, by which time it was situated about 70 km (45 mi) northwest of Mangaia. Now significantly displaced from any convective activity, the remnants of Trina persisted in the same	same	ADJ	general	ADJ	 general
Today Navenby remains part of the North Kesteven district. Before the 1832 Reform Act, Lincolnshire sent twelve members to parliament, including two for the county, two for the city of Lincoln and two for the boroughs of Boston, Grantham, Great Grimsby and Stamford.	.	PUNCT	As	ADP	 As
Many of the buildings are now hotels and shops whilst some remain as private residences. North Parade Bridge was built almost 100 years later in 1836 by William Tierney Clark. His original bridge was made of cast iron on stone abutments, with lodges and staircases. This	This	PRON	was	AUX	 was
She was initially popular at Hamilton College, but she felt that she was disrespected after her association with Clonaid was publicized. Raël founded Clonaid in March 1997, shortly after the Dolly the Sheep cloning, believing that the process was important because the human species had been	been	AUX	created	VERB	 created
Performing actions that are villainous gradually change the logo so that the red bird dominates the other, with the opposite happening with heroism. This is a visual representation of Delsin's Karma level, that increases as good or evil depending on his choices. As his Karma	Karma	PROPN	level	NOUN	 level
Four tracks from Final Fantasy XIV (" Navigator's Glory ", " Twilight Over Thanalan ", " Primal Judgement ", and an orchestral rendition of " Answers " with vocals by Susan Calloway) were included in the Distant Worlds: Music from Final Fantasy Returning	Returning	PROPN	Home	PROPN	 Home
Boyle, who " hated sentiment and cello ", told Rahman to " never put a cello in my film ". Boyle also insisted on a " pulsey " score. Rahman stated that Boyle wanted " edgy, upfront " music that did not suppress sound.	.	PUNCT	He	PRON	 He
In the next match, he took 4 / 72 and 3 / 85 as West defeated North by 178 runs. He only took 1 / 55 in the next match against South but West were through to the final, where he took 4 / 43 to help	help	VERB	cut	VERB	 cut
Alice was the first of Queen Victoria's nine children to die, and one of three to be outlived by their mother, who died in 1901. Alice spent her early childhood in the company of her parents and siblings, travelling between the British royal residences.	.	PUNCT	Her	PRON	 Her
Pinacocytes, plate like cells, form a single layered external skin over all other parts of the mesohyl that are not covered by choanocytes, and the pinacocytes also digest food particles that are too large to enter the ostia, while those at the base of the animal	animal	NOUN	are	AUX	 are
Enderlin cut a final few seconds from the end, during which Muhammad appears to lift his hand away from his face. Enderlin said he had cut this scene in accordance with the France 2 ethical charter, because it showed the boy in his death throes ("	"	PUNCT	agonie	PROPN	 agonie
With the referee down, Daniels attacked Styles and performed his signature maneuver the Angel's Wings. Then grabbed the title belt, fell to the ground, and draped it over his chest as the referee came too. The referee then awarded Daniels ' the victory upon	upon	SCONJ	seeing	VERB	 seeing
In Portugal, Queen Luisa de Guzmán imprisoned Mendes de Vasconcelos for his failure to capture Badajoz. News of a further setback for the Portuguese arrived from the northern frontier, as a Spanish army commanded by the Governor of Galicia, Rodrigo Pimentel, Marquis of Viana,	,	PUNCT	entered	VERB	 entered
Lieutenant Colonel of Volunteers L. Henry Carpenter arrived at Camp Nelson, Kentucky on October 1, 1864. The majority of 600 " colored " slaves, ex slaves and freedmen of what would become the 5th United States Colored Cavalry (USCC) were absent. The men	men	NOUN	were	AUX	 were
In 1839, Heliade also translated Miguel de Cervantes ' Don Quixote from a French source. The first collection of his own prose and poetry works saw print in 1836. Interested in the development of local art, he contributed a brochure on drawing and architecture in 1837	1837	NUM	,	PUNCT	,
Almost three months later, he surpassed Brendan Morrison's Canucks record of 534 consecutive games played in a 5 – 2 win against the Edmonton Oilers on 26 December 2011. The previous game, in which he tied the record, was played against Morrison's Calgary Flames	Flames	PROPN	.	PUNCT	.
It expands upon Ajay's escape from the Durgesh prison and return to the Golden Path, and on Yuma's planned insurrection against Pagan Min. Following Ajay's escape, he is left stranded in the snow at high altitude where he is rescued by Pagan Min.	.	PROPN	After	ADP	 After
Examination of Bob's mobile phone leads Vidya and Rana to an IP address sending instructions to kill her. They break into Sridhar's office to verify his IP address, but he is alerted electronically and returns to his office. Vidya accidentally shoots Sridhar dead during a	a	DET	scuffle	NOUN	 scuffle
More stonework was given away by Mary I in the 16th century for building a mansion at nearby Scawston in the Fens, and other grants of stone given to Emmanuel and Magdalene colleges. By 1604 only the gatehouse, used as a gaol, and the keep remained	remained	VERB	intact	ADJ	 intact
All along the 100 kilometre (62 mi) course of the Una and Sava rivers where the offensive was to take place, the HV began artillery bombardment at noon, and crossings followed after 15: 00 hours. The 125th Home Guard Regiment battlegroup attempted a crossing	crossing	NOUN	near	ADP	 near
Conversely, if Stegosaurus could have raised itself on two legs, as suggested by Bakker, then it could have browsed on vegetation and fruits quite high up, with adults being able to forage up to 6 m (20 ft) above the ground. A detailed	detailed	ADJ	computer	NOUN	 computer
The report stated that only when the following conditions are met, a migration from FM to DAB would begin: Digital radio listening figures hit at least 50%; Coverage of DAB matches that of FM, of 90% which the report stated would not be achieved	achieved	VERB	until	ADP	 until
Since tabanids prefer to be in sunshine, they normally avoid shaded places such as barns, and are inactive at night. Attack patterns vary with species: clegs fly silently and prefers to bite humans on the wrist or bare leg; large species of Tabanus buzz loudly	loudly	ADV	,	PUNCT	,
He noted that candles burned brighter in the gas and that a mouse was more active and lived longer while breathing it. After breathing the gas himself, he wrote: " The feeling of it to my lungs was not sensibly different from that of common air,	,	PUNCT	but	CCONJ	 but
The town's football club, Chatteris Town, was founded in 1920 and currently play in the Kershaw Premier Division of the Cambridgeshire Football Association County League. The town also has a cricket club, Chatteris Cricket Club, which was founded in 1879. The club has	has	VERB	five	NUM	 five
At dawn he gave up, and headed for one of the alternative hiding places. Kelly's PT 34 was the first to reach the rendezvous point, a cove on Tagauayan Island, two hours late at 09: 30. There was no sign of the other	other	ADJ	boats	NOUN	 boats
In Naselle, the South Fork merges with the Naselle River, which the roadway crosses over three times before terminating at SR 4. The intersection with SR 4 is also the busiest segment of the road with an estimated daily average of 2,800 motorists, which has been	been	AUX	decreasing	VERB	 decreasing
The species produces moderately sized, sturdy mushrooms of a reddish orange colour. The cap, which can measure up to 70 millimetres (3 in) across, is covered in orange fibrils, and sometimes has small scales. The yellowish stem measures up to 110 mm	mm	NOUN	(	PUNCT	 (
Since 2011, Dacia offers the Logan MCV with an 1.6l 16v flexfuel engine. Ireland is the third best seller European market of E85 flex fuel vehicles, after Sweden and France. Bioethanol (E85) in Ireland is made from whey, a waste product of cheese	cheese	NOUN	manufacturing	NOUN	 manufacturing
When they joined the expedition, they expected that the British forces would do most of the fighting. They were the dominant fighters in this action, and some suffered the loss of their personal belongings taken during the American sortie from the fort. This blow to their	their	PRON	morale	NOUN	 morale
In 1839, United States Secretary of War Joel Roberts Poinsett declared the land between Randolph Street and Madison Street east of Michigan Avenue " Public Ground forever to remain vacant of buildings. Aaron Montgomery Ward, who is known both as the inventor of mail order and the	the	DET	protector	NOUN	 protector
A new M16 HBAR variant, the XM106, was developed in 1978, and soon after, Heckler & Koch lobbied to include a 5.56 mm conversion of its HK 21A1 (instead of the standard 7.62 mm NATO ammunition it was built for) in future SAW testing	testing	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
Other bypasses opened in the 1980s and 1990s and created the last two business loops. The 2002 extension of US 127 to replace US 27 also led to the redesignation of business loops to their current monikers. Business US Highway 127 (Bus. US 127) is	is	AUX	a	DET	 a
Some of these introductions have been deliberate; the ring necked pheasant, for example, has been introduced around the world as a game bird. Others have been accidental, such as the establishment of wild monk parakeets in several North American cities after their escape from captivity	captivity	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
" Guralnick relates that fans " were becoming increasingly voluble about their disappointment, but it all seemed to go right past Elvis, whose world was now confined almost entirely to his room and his spiritualism books. " A cousin, Billy Smith, recalled how Presley would	would	AUX	sit	VERB	 sit
The new chronology is inconsistent with the " inclination " theory of the 100,000 year cycle. The establishment of leads and lags against different orbital forcing components with this method — which uses the direct insolation control over nitrogen oxygen ratios in ice core bubbles — is in principle	principle	NOUN	a	DET	 a
Wilson enlisted in the Maryland National Guard as a private in 1916 and served with it on the Mexican border and the Western Front during World War I before transferring to the United States Army Air Service. After the war, he obtained a regular commission. Already qualified	qualified	ADJ	as	ADP	 as
American, which was lightly damaged by the collision, reversed her engine to back out of the tangle while West Gate's engine was shut down. After American was completely backed out, West Gate began rapidly settling and was ordered abandoned. A total of seven men	men	NOUN	from	ADP	 from
In the East, the Syrian and Alexandrian fleets are known from legal sources to have still existed in ca. 400 (Codex Justinianus, XI.2.4 & XI.13.1), while a fleet is known to have been stationed at Constantinople itself, perhaps created out of the remnants	remnants	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
The Oklahoma City suburb Nichols Hills is first on Oklahoma locations by per capita income at $73,661, though Tulsa County holds the highest average. In 2011, 7.0% of Oklahomans were under the age of 5, 24.7% under 18, and 13.7% were	were	AUX	65	NUM	 65
Feral cats are capable of taking seabirds as large as albatrosses, and many introduced rodents, such as the Pacific rat, can take eggs hidden in burrows. Introduced goats, cattle, rabbits and other herbivores can lead to problems, particularly when species need vegetation to	to	PART	protect	VERB	 protect
The elected body of Students ' council coordinates all the student activities in the campus. IIM Lucknow has achieved 100% summer placements in 4 days. MHRD issued a letter on September, 2014 (DO 4 / 4 / 2013 TS.V)) addressed to Jamshed J	J	PROPN	Irani	PROPN	 Irani
However, Finland upset the Soviets 2 – 1 and won silver. The IIHF decided to change the tournament format because in several cases, the gold medal winner had been decided before the final day of play. During a congress in 1990, the IIHF introduced a	a	DET	playoff	NOUN	 playoff
Bilson grew up in a California show business family, made her television debut in 2003, and then landed the role of Summer Roberts on the prime time drama series The O.C. Bilson made her film debut in the 2006 film The Last Kiss and starred in the 2008	2008	NUM	action	NOUN	 action
However, the palace is far more than a tourist attraction and museum: it remains a fully working palace and headquarters of the Monégasque ruler, a fact emphasised by the sentries on constant guard duty at the entrance (Illustration 17). The sovereign princes, although	although	SCONJ	bound	VERB	 bound
Mendoza also said, " The claustrophobia of The Box contributes to the palpable tension. The Baltimore Sun television critic David Zurawik said the episode established The Box as " the main stage for Pembleton and the moral center of the Homicide universe ". Zurawik also said,	,	PUNCT	"	PUNCT	 "
Erin Ryan went to University of California's Hastings School of Law, afterward working until 1992 as an intelligence analyst for the Central Intelligence Agency. She next worked in New York as a pastry chef for eight years. In 2000 Erin Ryan joined California Senator Jackie Speier	Speier	PROPN	in	ADP	 in
With two seconds to play, the clock was stopped to move the chains. With no timeouts left, Leaf spiked the football, but Dick Burleson, the referee from the Southeastern Conference crew, shook his head as Leaf contested the decision. Michigan's victory evened	evened	VERB	the	DET	 the
The ices that formed the Jovian planets were more abundant than the metals and silicates that formed the terrestrial planets, allowing the giant planets to grow massive enough to capture hydrogen and helium, the lightest and most abundant elements. Planetesimals beyond the frost line accumulated up to	to	PART	4	NUM	 4
As explained by Peter J. Spiro, " In the long run, Afroyim's vision of an absolute right to retain citizenship has been largely, if quietly, vindicated. As a matter of practice, it is now virtually impossible to lose American citizenship without formally and	and	CCONJ	expressly	ADV	 expressly
This was a common pattern in Anglo Saxon England, as the more powerful kingdoms absorbed their weaker neighbours. An unusual feature of the Kentish system was that only sons of kings appeared to be legitimate claimants to the throne, although this did not eliminate all strife over	over	ADP	the	DET	 the
The episode was written by Ian Brennan, directed by Eric Stoltz and first aired in the United States on Fox on February 22, 2011. This episode mainly centers on the issues of underage drinking, as the students of McKinley High School are coming drunk to school	school	NOUN	in	ADP	 in
Yorktown's dive bombers disabled Shōkaku's flight deck with two hits and Lexington's aircraft were only able to further damage her with another bomb hit. None of the torpedo bombers from either carrier hit anything. The Japanese CAP was effective and shot down 3 Wildcats and	and	CCONJ	2	NUM	 2
In 2015, Anderson directed a 54 minute documentary, Junun, about the making of an album of the same name by Jonny Greenwood, Israeli composer Shye Ben Tzur and a group of Indian musicians. Most of the performances were recorded at the 15th century Mehrangarh Fort	Fort	PROPN	in	ADP	 in
It was presided over by Judge Joseph Gary. Judge Gary displayed open hostility to the defendants, consistently ruled for the prosecution, and failed to maintain decorum. A motion to try the defendants separately was denied. The defense counsel included Sigmund Zeisler, William Perkins Black	Black	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
They again finished pool runners up in 1991 but recovered to beat France in their quarter final, and then Scotland in their semi final, en route to a 12 – 6 final defeat to Australia. In 1995, England topped their pool and defeated Australia 25 –	–	PUNCT	22	NUM	 22
The two routes overlap to the north and west for 2.1 miles (3.4 km). After another 3.5 miles (5.6 km) in northern Irasburg town, VT 14 enters Coventry, where it is immediately joined by U.S. Route 5 coming from the southeast. The	The	DET	two	NUM	 two
" Pete Cashmore of NME described Alicia Keys's cameo as " lusty bellowing ". Martin Andrew of PopMatters called the song " yet another chance " for Jay Z to show his respect to New York, but commented that it " remains interesting thanks to a fantastic	fantastic	ADJ	Al	PROPN	 Al
Other principal Gravel positions were the FairTax, withdrawal of U.S. troops from Iraq within 120 days, a single payer national health care system, and term limits. Gravel campaigned almost full time in New Hampshire, the first primary state, following his announcement. Opinion polls	polls	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
If a laser beam is swept quickly across a distant object, the spot of light can move faster than c, although the initial movement of the spot is delayed because of the time it takes light to get to the distant object at the speed c. However,	,	PUNCT	the	DET	 the
Mirkin suggested Maggie Simpson as the culprit because he felt it was funnier and wanted the culprit to be a family member. After season six, Mirkin suggested Oakley and Weinstein take over as showrunners, but remained on the show in an advisory capacity, helping them with	with	ADP	technical	ADJ	 technical
The gills are adnate (fused to the stem), and distantly spaced, with about 15 – 19 gills reaching the stem. The gills are up to 2.5 mm (0.1 in) broad, thin, and the same color as the cap or paler.	.	PUNCT	The	DET	 The
Michigan posted a 20 – 5 – 1 record during Wistert's three years on the team. In 1940, the team's only loss in its eight game season was to the eventual national champion Minnesota Golden Gophers football. The Wolverines followed that season with 6 –	–	SYM	1	NUM	 1
" Pearl Jam promoted the album with tours in Europe and North America. The tour started along with the album release on May 23, with a show in Lisbon, Portugal. The European tour had 26 dates. The final concert of the European tour ended in	in	ADP	tragedy	NOUN	 tragedy
The first public passenger timetable was issued in December 1866, and the first purpose built, steam worked, narrow gauge public railway in Britain opened for service. The railway opened with two locomotives, one carriage and several goods vehicles in use and was operated under a	a	DET	"	PUNCT	 "
The musical style of Slipknot is constantly contested due to the genres their music covers, however Mate. Feed. Kill. Repeat. is the band's most experimental release and is significantly different from the heavier style the band became known for. One of the band	band	NOUN	's	PART	's
The majority of the hostages were embassy staff — predominantly Iranian nationals, but several British employees were also captured. The other hostages were all visitors, with the exception of Lock, the British police officer tasked with guarding the embassy. Afrouz had been appointed to the	the	DET	position	NOUN	 position
McCall praised the wide range of audio in the game, including its voice acting and soundtrack; he heralded the music as " interesting " and " fitting " to its race tracks, also considering it superior to that of Mario Kart 64. Although Gerstmann considered the	the	DET	gameplay	NOUN	 gameplay
Ended up each song turned into one long jam. I think we were, at times, all in the same key. I made my way over to the four celli and four French horns and told them to ' jam in E. ' Somehow we would hit	hit	VERB	a	DET	 a
LeDuc spent many years traveling between Florida and Tennessee, and he won belts in both locations as a singles wrestler and as a tag team competitor. He also spent time on wrestling tours of Japan and New Zealand. One of LeDuc's biggest storylines was with manager	manager	NOUN	Oliver	PROPN	 Oliver
DiFiore's trumpet work originated with McCrea's desire for a second melodic instrument to go with a song he had written; " A lead guitar playing those lines would have been really hokey. I like it when it's a contrapuntal thing, where the guitar is	is	AUX	doing	VERB	 doing
In 1988, brothers Rand and Robyn Miller were living apart in the United States. Robyn was taking a year off from university, writing and trying to establish state residency. Rand was a computer programmer for a bank. Rand approached his brother with the idea of	of	ADP	making	VERB	 making
The episode included several other cultural references; the basic theme lampoons the commercialization of children's media products and its plethora of merchandise tie ins. The ice show the children see is referent to real life ice shows, such as " Disney on Ice, " and	and	CCONJ	its	PRON	 its
Throughout his film career, Willis has depicted several military characters in films such as The Siege, Hart's War, Tears of the Sun, Grindhouse and G.I. Joe: Retaliation. Growing up in a military family, Willis has publicly sold Girl Scout cookies for the	the	DET	United	PROPN	 United
Its first single, " Krank ", hit No. 15 on the Billboard Singles chart, while its second, " Amnesia ", hit No. 3 on the Deutsche Alternative Charts. Critics were generally very positive about the album, and while some felt the	the	DET	album	NOUN	 album
Financial Times. Ren, Daniel; Lilian Zhang; Will Clem (11 June 2009). " Jiangsu coast to act as catalyst for growth: Region will be turned into a transport hub ". South China Morning Post. p. 5. Sciacca, Joe (	(	PUNCT	10	NUM	10
During 2009 and 2010 proposals to build a series of electricity pylons by one of two routes between Hinkley Point and Avonmouth, to transmit electricity from the proposed Hinkley Point C nuclear power station, attracted local opposition. Discussions have taken place concerning the possibility of obtaining World	World	PROPN	Heritage	PROPN	 Heritage
This would ensure an inferior opponent for Chicago. The game was used to help prop up their win loss percentage and as a chance of wrestling away the 1925 Championship away from the first place Pottsville Maroons. All parties were severely punished initially; however, a few	few	ADJ	months	NOUN	 months
It also set the stage for the love triangle between Kate, Sawyer, and Jack. The episode was first broadcast in the United States on November 10, 2004, earning 18.44 million viewers. It received mostly positive reviews, although a few reviewers discussed aspects of	of	ADP	the	DET	 the
The Wright brothers ' status as inventors of the airplane has been subject to counter claims by various parties. Much controversy persists over the many competing claims of early aviators. Edward Roach, historian for the Dayton Aviation Heritage National Historical Park argues that they were excellent self	self	NOUN	taught	VERB	 taught
The coins would have been widely used within the Danelaw and many single items have mainly been found in the east of England, but the exact locations of the mints where they were made are not known with certainty: scholars have assumed that they were made in East	East	PROPN	Anglia	PROPN	 Anglia
The hammers were worn as a symbol of Norse pagan faith and as a symbol of opposition to Christianization; a response to crosses worn by Christians. Casting moulds have been found for the production of both Thor's hammers and Christian crucifixes, and at least one example	example	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
By the middle of 1944, there were nearly 1,200 people working at the Radiation Laboratory. Much of the great progress on the electromagnetic process can be attributed to Lawrence's leadership style. His audacity, optimism and enthusiasm were contagious. His staff put in long hours	hours	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
The writing staff felt that while Ben was immediately connected to Leslie and the other characters through his role in eliminating wasteful spending at Pawnee, Chris still needed something to more strongly connect to the cast, and the subplot with Ann was determined to be a funny way	way	NOUN	to	PART	 to
This approach is especially useful in the design of mechanical filters — these use mechanical devices to implement an electrical function. However, the technique can be used to solve purely mechanical problems, and can also be extended into other, unrelated, energy domains. Nowadays,	,	PUNCT	analysis	NOUN	 analysis
Other scent glands are found at the anus. The mole is about 16 cm (6.3 in) in length including a 3 cm long tail and weighs about 75 g (2.6 oz). Males collected from various parts of the species ' range showed the following	following	VERB	extremes	NOUN	 extremes
The club dropped to 14th spot in 1913 – 14, and only avoided relegation on the last day of the 1914 – 15 season after bribing Liverpool to lose 2 – 0 at Old Trafford; Meredith this time played no part in the resulting bribery scandal. He	He	PRON	instead	ADV	 instead
The match between Victoria and New South Wales was Barnes's chance to redeem himself. Wisden reported it thus: Barnes needed a score to rehabilitate himself in the eyes of the Test Selectors and he spent all Saturday over 131 runs while 20,000 impatient spectators barracked loudly.	.	PUNCT	His	PRON	 His
Fear of being labelled a " snitch " or " rat " prevented her from going to the police. None of the other women she knew in the sex industry were in healthy relationships. At her peak, Falle owned a Ford Mustang, bought her pimp a	a	DET	Mercedes	PROPN	 Mercedes
Or proclaim himself a ' sharia judge '? ", and claimed that Choudary was " as unrepresentative of British Muslim opinion, as he is of British anti war opinion. " The Conservative Party leader David Cameron said that Choudary " is one of those people who	who	PRON	needs	VERB	 needs
Manchester's army returned to Lincolnshire and eventually moved into the south of England to take part in the Second Battle of Newbury. The Earl of Leven had again demonstrated the importance of disciplined infantry. Even as some of the newly levied allied regiments were routed by the	the	DET	Royalists	PROPN	 Royalists
" In mid 1910 Barrymore met socialite Katherine Corri Harris, and the couple married in September that year. Harris ' father objected to the relationship and refused to attend the wedding. Shortly after the ceremony, The Dictator went on tour, and Harris was given a	a	DET	small	ADJ	 small
Californium has also been used to produce other transuranium elements; for example, element 103 (later named lawrencium) was first synthesized in 1961 by bombarding californium with boron nuclei. Californium that bioaccumulates in skeletal tissue releases radiation that disrupts the body's ability to form red	red	ADJ	blood	NOUN	 blood
Principal photography for Avatar began in April 2007 in Los Angeles and Wellington, New Zealand. Cameron described the film as a hybrid with a full live action shoot in combination with computer generated characters and live environments. " Ideally at the end of the day the audience	audience	NOUN	has	VERB	 has
Mikoyan spearheaded a project to produce a home cookbook, which would encourage a return to the domestic kitchen. The result, The Book of Tasty and Healthy Food (Книга о вкусной и здоровой пище, Kniga o vkusnoi i zdorovoi pishche), was published in 1939	1939	NUM	,	PUNCT	,
A northern origin is suggested by his name, a copy of one of his works in a Flemish manuscript, and a possible citation of his music by Thomas Fabri. But with only one other exception, all of his works are found in Northern Italian manuscripts,	,	PUNCT	and	CCONJ	 and
" Robson appeared on The Today Show on May 16, 2013 to discuss the allegations. Robson told interviewer Matt Lauer that Jackson was " a pedophile and a child sexual abuser " who " performed sexual acts on me and forced me to perform sexual acts on him	him	PRON	"	PUNCT	 "
Choral pieces with religious words include the oratorio Sancta Civitas (1923 – 25) and the Christmas cantata Hodie (1954). In 1953 the composer said that of his choral works Sancta Civitas was his favourite. The Dona Nobis Pacem, an impassioned anti war cantata	cantata	NOUN	(	PUNCT	 (
As of 2009, KKR was one of the richest teams in the IPL, with a brand value of US $42.1 million. The team performed poorly on the field during the first three years. Their performance improved over time, and they became the champions in	in	ADP	2012	NUM	 2012
There were also actual administrative jobs, but authority could be vested in individuals rather than offices. In the 8th and 9th centuries, civil service constituted the clearest path to aristocratic status, but, starting in the 9th century, the civil aristocracy was rivalled by an	an	DET	aristocracy	NOUN	 aristocracy
The turnpike enters Shawnee County and continues through rural land before it heads into the Topeka area. Here, the roadway has an interchange that serves I 470 and US 75. At this point, I 335 ends and I 470 joins the turnpike as it passes through	through	ADP	suburban	ADJ	 suburban
The gill attachment to the stipe is adnexed (narrowly attached), and they are initially cream colored before tinting purple as the spores mature. The spores are dark purplish brown in mass, ellipsoid in shape, and measure 10.5 – 15 by 6.5 – 8.5 micrometres	micrometres	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
He led the team to victory in that game and 27 – 6 victory over Southfield High School in the Division 2 Michigan High School Athletic Association (MHSAA) regional playoff game before losing 12 – 3 to Inkster High School in the state semifinals. This was the	the	DET	second	ADJ	 second
The change in design prompted the Trumpton Times fanzine to change its name to Wot, No Quarters? The black and gold shirts were also used as the away kit for the 2002 – 03 season, the club's 120th anniversary. In 2005, Rovers ran an	an	DET	April	PROPN	 April
The winds downed several trees and power lines, leaving about 32,000 people without power. Residential damage totaled $1.1 million (2003 USD, $1.2 million 2006 USD), with another $600,000 (2003 USD, ($772 thousand 2016 USD) to commercial	commercial	ADJ	buildings	NOUN	 buildings
The club's record appearance holder is Barry Jackson, who made 539 appearances, while their leading scorer is Norman Wilkinson, with 143 goals. York City Football Club was founded in 1908 as an amateur club, and joined the Northern League and acquired a ground in	in	ADP	Holgate	PROPN	 Holgate
The simpler component of tarbh as a single word is defined by Dwelly as " bull. " Transcribers of the tale have used several differing spellings of the second component, some even adopting inconsistent variations throughout their own renditions. George Henderson for instance, a folklorist and	and	CCONJ	Celtic	ADJ	 Celtic
, Team 3D attacked and injured MCMG in the storyline by beating their hands with kendo sticks, which made it hard to compete in an Ultimate X match in storyline. At Final Resolution, Devine and Team 3D won the bout. The feud came to an end	end	NOUN	at	ADP	 at
Cook was a high school All American lacrosse player at Denver East High School. He anchored the defense of the teams that were led on offense by the record setting trio of revered attackmen Jesse Hubbard, Jon Hess and Chris Massey. He was awarded the 1998 Schmeisser	Schmeisser	PROPN	Award	PROPN	 Award
In these circumstances the temporary management turned to the 19 year old Handel and requested a fresh setting of Feustking's libretto. Handel complied; his version was premiered at the Gänsemarkt on 8 January 1705, and ran for 20 performances — a marked success. The fictional	fictional	ADJ	plot	NOUN	 plot
He is considered the " Apostle to the English " and a founder of the English Church. Augustine was the prior of a monastery in Rome when Pope Gregory the Great chose him in 595 to lead a mission, usually known as the Gregorian mission, to Britain	Britain	PROPN	to	PART	 to
Other members of the prominent Hovnatanian family (Hakob, Harutyun and Hovnatan) created paintings throughout the 18th century. Their work was continued by the succeeding generations of the same family (Mkrtum and Hakob) in the 19th century. The wooden doors of the cathedral were	were	AUX	carved	VERB	 carved
Mike Dopud as Goran Dragovic, Viktor's eldest son, who oversees his father's operations in the Middle East. David Westerman as Ivan Dragovic, Viktor's other son, who oversees his father's operations in South East Asia. Leo Rano as Janko Dragovic,	,	PUNCT	Viktor	PROPN	 Viktor
As of the February 2007 newsletter the plans for the refocus were in the process of being completed. SIM Lite project status as of April 2009 and August 2009 can be found on the JPL SIM public web site in the form of two submissions to the National Research	Research	PROPN	Council	PROPN	 Council
The main environment is the vessel interior, known as the Main Sector, along with the other environments that are contained in " sectors " or gigantic spheres within the ship: the Biosphere, a lush, tropical region; the Cryophere, an arctic environment; and	and	CCONJ	the	DET	 the
The Germans swiftly mobilised to expel the Allied forces and launched heavy air assaults on Kos and Leros. Without fighter support, the islands ' defence was soon precarious; the LRDG and the rest of the troops on Kalymnos were withdrawn to Leros on 4 October after the	the	DET	Germans	PROPN	 Germans
Long term treatment with steroid tablets is associated with significant side effects. Long term antibiotics, specifically those from the macrolide class such as erythromycin, reduce the frequency of exacerbations in those who have two or more a year. This practice may be cost effective in some	some	DET	areas	NOUN	 areas
Housing was shared between personnel and British families. The Children's Welfare and Family Services Centre was built in 1988 by Kier Construction. The building incorporated separate sections for children and families. Among other recreational facilities, two squash courts were built in 1989, and a	a	DET	baseball	NOUN	 baseball
Beyoncé stated that as the song had a " Southern feel " and beat, they wanted to collaborate with Lil Wayne and T.I. who according to her added " rawness, realness and edge to the song ". During an interview in 2014, Lil Wayne discussed his	his	PRON	contribution	NOUN	 contribution
The crew entered the Lunar Module through the docking tunnel connecting it with the Command Module to inspect its systems, at which time they did not spot any major issues. Once on course towards the Moon, the crew put the spacecraft into a rotisserie " barbecue "	"	PUNCT	mode	NOUN	 mode
Next to the boudoir is the Queen's bedroom; it was from this light and airy room that the demented shrieks of the Queen were reported by William Beckford, who visited the palace in 1794. The King's Bedroom (illustrated below) has been described as	as	ADP	one	NUM	 one
This burgeoning new nightlife scene is shaped by Jordan's young population. In addition to the wide range of drinking and dancing venues on the social circuit of the city's affluent crowd, Amman hosts cultural entertainment events, including the annual Amman Summer Festival. Souk Jara	Jara	PROPN	is	AUX	 is
Conway's says that four 75 millimeter (3.0 in) guns were added to the roofs of the end turrets during the war. Four 17.7 inch (450 mm) submerged torpedo tubes were mounted with three torpedoes for each tube. Petropavlovsk was built by the Baltic	Baltic	PROPN	Works	PROPN	 Works
Dahl set off the explosives, destroying the records and tearing a large hole in the outfield grass. With most of the security personnel still watching the gates per Mike Veeck's orders, there was almost no one guarding the playing surface. Immediately, the first of	of	ADP	what	PRON	 what
The first one was published in the summer issue of Akamaru Jump; it won the Jump Jūni Ketsu Shinjin Manga Award in the horror mystery category. After the first was " extremely well received " according to Shueisha, the second one shot was released on September 6	6	NUM	,	PUNCT	,
With Haddock taking on the ship's captaincy, they are successfully able to put out the fire. However, Rastapopoulos sends a U Boat to destroy the Ramona, with the ship taking evasive manoeuvres to survive, ultimately being rescued by the cruiser USS Los Angeles.	.	PUNCT	The	DET	 The
The armored belt was 35 cm (14 in) thick in the central citadel, and tapered down to 18 cm (7.1 in) forward and 12 cm (4.7 in) aft. Behind the armored belt, the ships had a torpedo bulkhead 4 cm (	(	PUNCT	1.6	NUM	1.6
He introduced for the first time his Homestead Bill, to grant 160 acres (65 ha) to people willing to settle the land and gain title to it. This issue was especially important to Johnson because of his own humble beginnings. In the presidential election of	of	ADP	1848	NUM	 1848
" in Otro Guerrillero Mixtape Vol. 2, 2008), Lowkey (" Something Wonderful " in Soundtrack to the Struggle, 2011), Murs (" Tale of Two Cities " in The Final Adventure, 2012), Jay Z (" Open Letter Part	Part	PROPN	II	PROPN	 II
Their nucleus could have developed in a remote past from cultural interactions between the Proto Indo Europeans, speakers of the Proto Uralic language, and ancient populations of the Caucasus. A third possibility is derivation from structural characteristics of the human mind. This is suggested by the	the	DET	persistence	NOUN	 persistence
A few sources claim Overton flew one final mission on 25 January 1953 and shot down two more MiG 15s which he never received credit for. Other sources attest that this mission — the same in which Edwin Heller was shot down — took place 23 January and Overton	Overton	PROPN	shot	VERB	 shot
He had scored 21 goals in 25 appearances in all competitions up until the winter break. On 12 March 2016, Müller scored a brace in a 5 – 0 victory over Werder Bremen. Four days later, with Bayern trailing Juventus 1 – 2 in the second	second	ADJ	leg	NOUN	 leg
In another scene, Ned Flanders is seen wearing his " Assassin " running shoes from the season two episode " Bart's Dog Gets an F ". The flyer Homer replaces with the " lost pet " notice is Principal Skinner's " Have you seen my body	body	NOUN	?	PUNCT	?
For some imported ASL varieties, such as those used in West Africa, it is still an open question how similar they are to American ASL. When communicating with hearing English speakers, ASL speakers often use what is commonly called Pidgin Signed English (PSE) or	or	CCONJ	'	PUNCT	 '
The works of Homer (i.e. Iliad and Odyssey) and Hesiod (i.e. Theogony) were written in the 8th century BC, becoming the basis of the national religion, ethos, history and mythology. The Oracle of Apollo at Delphi was established in this period.	.	PUNCT	The	DET	 The
Siddiqui's first breakthrough in research came when he successfully isolated an antiarrhythmic agent in 1931 from the roots of Rauwolfia serpentina. He named the newly discovered chemical compound as Ajmaline, after his mentor Hakim Ajmal Khan who was one of the illustrious practitioners of Unani system of	of	ADP	medicine	NOUN	 medicine
The game also aimed to offer less distance fog with a wider field of vision so that the gameplay would not feel as claustrophobic as the original. Unlike GoldenEye 007, the multiplayer levels were designed so that players could have all sort of mobility, including running,	,	PUNCT	jumping	NOUN	 jumping
Early the next day, the eye became increasingly defined as the center of Bob passed roughly 35 mi (55 km) from the North Carolina coastline. By 0600 UTC, Hurricane Hunters recorded flight level winds of 140 mph (225 km / h), corresponding	corresponding	VERB	to	AUX	 to
He created YMAX Communications Corporation in April 2006 as a communications and equipment service. YMAX's profits come from the production of the magicJack, a small device which can be plugged into a computer's USB port and allows for unlimited calling from regular telephones. CEO Borislow	Borislow	PROPN	invented	VERB	 invented
In various incidents documented in such publications as The New York Times, Slashdot and Wired, the Church of Scientology has also used the controversial Digital Millennium Copyright Act (DMCA) to force notable Web sites (including the Google search engine) to remove the Operation Clambake	Clambake	PROPN	homepage	NOUN	 homepage
The westernmost portion of the route was designated as DE 279. DE 2 begins at an intersection with DE 72 and DE 273 in the eastern part of Newark. From here, DE 2 heads north concurrent with DE 72 on Capitol Trail, a four lane divided	divided	VERB	highway	NOUN	 highway
During a 2007 episode of the show, he successfully guessed the number between 1 and 100 he asked Winfrey to think of without telling him. Angel has appeared on other talk shows including The Late Late Show with Craig Ferguson, Jimmy Kimmel Live!, The Megan	Megan	PROPN	Mullally	PROPN	 Mullally
It reveals him not at any Big Moment but giving a performance like his folk club sets of the period... This is the last live performance we have of Bob Dylan before he becomes a star. " The extent to which his work was studied at an academic	academic	ADJ	level	NOUN	 level
Through traveling he learned of organizations in Philadelphia and New York City that only sold goods produced by free labor. He began to purchase stock from the organizations and marketed them to his fellow abolitionists, though the products were sold for almost no profit. The free labor	labor	NOUN	proponents	NOUN	 proponents
Going into his Peewee season he left the Red Wings to go play for the Thorold Blackhawks Jr. B. club of the OHA's Golden Horseshoe League at the age of 13. For much of his career with Welland, Horton played up on the " ' 84 "	"	PUNCT	Tigers	NOUN	 Tigers
The party had lost most of its members, and the parliamentary faction had declared itself independent from the party. The LPF participated in the 2006 general election under its new name List Five Fortuyn (Lijst Vijf Fortuyn). On 25 September 2006, the party released	released	VERB	its	PRON	 its
The fourth reviewer, Hope Chapman, expressed absolute disdain towards the series. She expressed hatred towards Sora's character, noting the misunderstood nerd turned respected genius aspect is lazy wish fulfillment and how he thrives in a world for " misanthropic Shut ins ". Chapman likened	likened	VERB	the	DET	 the
A 14th century morality tale exemplifying gluttony by the Franciscan writer Francesc Eiximenis describes the eating habits of a worldly cleric who consumes a bizarre concoction of egg yolks with cinnamon and cubeb after his baths, probably as an aphrodisiac. Cubeb was thought by the people of Europe	Europe	PROPN	to	PART	 to
The majority of Highway 403 is surrounded by suburban land use, except west of Ancaster, where it passes through agricultural land; Brantford is the only urban area through this section. In Hamilton, Highway 403 descends the Niagara Escarpment. It wraps around the northern side	side	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
Highway 61 begins at the international border between Ontario and Minnesota at the Pigeon River; the road continues south to Duluth as State Highway 61 on the American side. It passes the customs station and curves to the north. Passing its former routing along Highway 593,	,	PUNCT	the	DET	 the
As they attempted a touch and go, the wheels became stuck and they had to wait for rescue. Armstrong tells a different version of events, where Yeager never tried to talk him out of it and they made a first successful landing on the east side of	of	ADP	the	DET	 the
Less than 1 mile (1.6 km) from the outskirts of Caen, the 8th Canadian Infantry Brigade posed a threat to German positions in the town. With most of the defence concentrated north of Caen and by the River Odon, it was feared that Anglo Canadian	Canadian	ADJ	forces	NOUN	 forces
They managed to sink several ships using limpet mines, but were captured and eventually taken to Sachsenhausen and Bergen Belsen concentration camps, where they were executed. The Germans responded to the numerous raids directed at Norway by increasing the number of troops stationed there. By 1944	1944	NUM	the	DET	 the
Responses are polyclonal in nature as each clone somewhat specializes in producing antibodies against a given epitope, and because, each antigen contains multiple epitopes, each of which in turn can be recognized by more than one clone of B cells. To be able to react to	to	ADP	innumerable	ADJ	 innumerable
As a member of the Order, the Chancellor has a higher precedence than that attached to the office, and when the office was filled by a diocesan bishop of the Church of England, the holder again had a higher precedence by virtue of that office than any	any	PRON	that	SCONJ	 that
Military historian Hew Strachan contends that Battenberg " lacked Fisher's dogmatism. Not the least of his attractions to Churchill [the First Lord] was his malleability. The combination of frequent change and weak appointees [Wilson, Bridgeman and Battenberg] ensured that the professional leadership	leadership	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
Cowboy Junkies covered the song on their Early 21st Century Blues album in 2005. Joel Harrison recorded " Isn't It a Pity " for his album Harrison on Harrison: Jazz Explanations of George Harrison, released in October 2005. A cover version by Les Fradkin was	was	AUX	released	VERB	 released
Based on its determination that the ordinance was content neutral, the Ninth Circuit " applied a lower level of scrutiny to the Sign Code " and held it did not violate the First Amendment. The church then appealed to the Supreme Court of the United States, which	which	PRON	granted	VERB	 granted
In London, he had been introduced in 1881 to Constance Lloyd, daughter of Horace Lloyd, a wealthy Queen's Counsel. She happened to be visiting Dublin in 1884, when Wilde was lecturing at the Gaiety Theatre. He proposed to her, and they married	married	VERB	on	ADP	 on
The next day the storm began to weaken as it moved onshore Southwestern Mexico. Carlotta continued to weaken rapidly, eventually dissipating on June 16. Throughout Mexico, widespread power outages and wind damage was reported, particularly in Oaxaca. Infrastructural damage was also reported due to	to	ADP	winds	NOUN	 winds
Michigan advanced to the April 8, 2013 NCAA Men's Division I Basketball Tournament championship game where the team lost to Midwest number one seed Louisville by an 82 – 76 margin despite 17 points, including 4 for 5 three point shooting, from Albrecht in the game	game	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
They did not suffer the customary fate accorded to traitors — quartering and display at the city gates. Edward exhibited the brothers ' naked corpses in St. Paul's Cathedral for three days to quell any rumours that they had survived, before allowing them to be laid to	to	AUX	rest	VERB	 rest
The population coalesced first into clans and then into kingdoms. The Kingdom of Rwanda dominated from the mid eighteenth century, with the Tutsi kings conquering others militarily, centralising power, and later enacting anti Hutu policies. Germany colonised Rwanda in 1884 as part of German East	East	PROPN	Africa	PROPN	 Africa
Although " I Was Here " was never released as a single, it appeared on several charts across the world following the release of 4. Selling 14,173 digital downloads, the song opened at number 44 on the South Korea Gaon International Singles Chart for the week ending	ending	VERB	July	PROPN	 July
Robert Downey, Jr. as Kirk Lazarus: An immensely talented Australian method actor, Lazarus had a controversial " pigmentation alteration " surgery to darken his skin for his portrayal of the black character Staff Sergeant Lincoln Osiris. Lazarus refuses to break character until he has recorded the	the	DET	DVD	NOUN	 DVD
The authors have a strong doubt about the ability of the media to differentiate between false truth and the actual science in question; however, they stop short of endorsing censorship in the name of science. The journalistic norm of balanced reporting has helped, according to the	the	DET	authors	NOUN	 authors
Until recently, it would have been possible for even a very bright member of the Kreutz sungrazers to pass through the inner Solar System unnoticed, if its perihelion had occurred between about May and August. At this time of year, as seen from Earth, the	the	DET	comet	NOUN	 comet
At full capacity, she could steam for 6,620 nautical miles (12,260 km; 7,620 mi) at a speed of 10 knots (19 km / h; 12 mph). Dreadnought mounted the 45 calibre BL 12 inch Mark X gun in five twin gun turrets	turrets	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
<formula> Thus, the total rate of net energy production per unit surface area is given by <formula> Setting <formula> and taking <formula> (i.e. the rotational wind speed is dominant) leads to the solution for <formula> given above	above	ADP	.	PUNCT	.
His father, Bryan Hextall, Jr., played in the NHL for 10 seasons, most notably for the Pittsburgh Penguins, and his uncle, Dennis Hextall, played 14 seasons of NHL hockey, not staying with any one club for longer than five years. During	During	ADP	his	PRON	 his
A route was approved in 1955 with future extensions to be decided later, though funding for the construction was not approved by the government until 1962. Construction began in 1962 on the initial Walthamstow to Victoria section. The Victoria line platforms opened on 7 March 1969.	.	PUNCT	The	DET	 The
Vallance and Adams recorded the album normally while sitting backstage or in an hotel room with small devices which they usually carried along on tours, but especially during their off days. Adams, in an interview, mentioned that when recording a song, they needed to set	set	VERB	up	ADP	 up
On the night after the tornado hit Gallatin, there were many reports of looting in the devastated community. A nightly curfew was required to combat the looting and maintain order in the community. There were a total of 23 arrests made. The United States National Guard	Guard	PROPN	was	AUX	 was
The attendant said that he observed Parsons throwing away clothing, books, posters and carpentry tools into a dumpster. Parsons asked the attendant about the distance to Denver and spoke of Ernest's 9 year old son as his own. He purchased cigarettes and food with Ernest	Ernest	PROPN	's	PART	's
Fox placed an order for six episodes as a trial run, and in July 2011 ordered seven additional scripts to be put into production if the series was renewed for a second season. The show was overseen by the Hesses and Scully. The series premiered on January	January	PROPN	15	NUM	 15
In this debate where there were exaggerations in both directions, people claimed that the painting was both an unsurpassed masterpiece of Swedish art and a work of suspect morality. In 1987, it was sold by Sotheby's in London to a Japanese art collector. In 1992	1992	NUM	,	PUNCT	,
Ophelia Marie is a popular singer of cadence lypso in the 1980s. Cadence lypso was influenced by nationalist movement that espoused Rastafari and Black Power. Many groups performed songs with intensely ideological positions, and much of the repertoire was in the vernacular Creole language. Gordon Henderson	Henderson	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
Governor Magoffin refused to endorse the resolution, preventing its enforcement. Writing from Bowling Green on October 8, Breckinridge declared, " I exchange with proud satisfaction a term of six years in the Senate of the United States for the musket of a soldier. " Later	Later	ADV	that	DET	 that
There, what seemed a mild exchange of trivial personal data is revealed in " mental subtitles " as an escalating flirtation. Their first date follows Annie's singing audition for a night club (" It Had to be You "). He suggests they kiss first	first	ADV	,	PUNCT	,
Because there are 26 letters in the English alphabet and 26 = 2 × 13, the ROT13 function is its own inverse: <formula> for any basic Latin alphabet text x. In other words, two successive applications of ROT13 restore the original text (in mathematics	mathematics	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
James Mangold was later chosen to direct the film. Mark Bomback was then hired to rewrite McQuarrie's script. Principal photography began in August 2012 in Sydney, Australia and ended in November. The film was released on July 26, 2013. Set years after the	the	DET	events	NOUN	 events
" Instead of conducting separate but identical undergraduate courses for Harvard students and students from Radcliffe College, Conant instituted co educational classes. It was during his presidency that the first class of women were admitted to Harvard Medical School in 1945, and Harvard Law School in 1950	1950	NUM	.	PUNCT	.
" Panzer Dragoon Saga was released in North America in April 1998 on four CDs, one of the last Saturn games released outside Japan. As Sega had moved its focus to its next console, the Dreamcast, fewer than 20,000 copies were released in the west and	and	CCONJ	the	DET	 the
There are also religious sites serving the needs of the Baptist, Evangelical, Methodist and United Reformed communities and the Plymouth Brethren. Minehead has one of the UK's three remaining Butlins holiday camps, and tourism has been a part of Minehead's economy since Victorian times	times	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
The vegetables most commonly added to borscht are beetroots, white cabbage, carrots, parsley root, potatoes, onions and tomatoes. Some recipes may also call for beans, tart apples, turnip, celeriac, zucchini or bell peppers. Parsnip may be used as a	a	DET	substitute	NOUN	 substitute
After Roy notified authorities of Cho's behavior, she urged Cho to seek counseling, but to her knowledge, Cho never followed through with the request, in spite of his insistence to the contrary When creative writing professor Lisa Norris, who taught Cho in both Advanced	Advanced	PROPN	Fiction	PROPN	 Fiction
Total tuition / fees: $20,693 for in state and $40,705 for out of state Medical School Total tuition / fees: $27,434 (Year 1) for in state students, and $68,619 (Year 1) for out of state students. Florida State	State	PROPN	University	PROPN	 University
Revealing to Bhishma the tale of her encounter with Parashara, Satyavati well knew that this was the time to call her son Vyasa to aid her. Satyavati coaxed Vyasa to have niyoga with his brother's widows, saying: " from affection for thy brother Vichitravirya,	,	PUNCT	for	ADP	 for
The opinion also distinguished the proportionality of majority minority districts, which allows minorities to have a proportional opportunity to elect their candidates of choice, from the proportionality of election results, which Section 2 explicitly does not guarantee to minorities. An issue regarding the third Gingles precondition	precondition	NOUN	remains	VERB	 remains
It was a crooked business, you could get cheated and there could be crooked accounting, but I still prefer it to this new thing where there is no connection to the audience through radio or retail. In the week of September 24, 2011, Pull Up	Up	ADP	Some	DET	 Some
They did not receive major changes after the merger of the two companies except for the updated route map, the exterior company logo and such. The capability of this EMU fleet is similar to those on the urban network. The older Metro Cammell EMUs are also used	used	VERB	on	ADP	 on
He finishes by describing her death as a beggar in Pavia. This Eadburh is not the same as Alfred's mother in law, also named Eadburh, whom Asser mentions elsewhere. The early manuscript of the Life does not appear to have been widely known in medieval	medieval	ADJ	times	NOUN	 times
His genus Upupa contained species that had a long curved bill and a short blunt tongue. These included the northern bald ibis and the hoopoe, birds now known to be completely unrelated to the choughs. The Alpine chough was described as Corvus graculus by Linnaeus in the	the	DET	1766	NUM	 1766
When the race restarted an hour later, Button was involved in contact with Narain Karthikeyan that forced him to make an unscheduled stop for a new front wing, while Hamilton had a slow pit stop and was held in the lane while other cars passed. Fernando Alonso	Alonso	PROPN	inherited	VERB	 inherited
In 1999, Black released D'lectrified, which relied completely on acoustic instruments. Nevertheless, USAToday thought the " album sounds as full and brash as an electric album since he used creative arrangements and horn sections ". Three of the songs on the albums were remakes of	of	ADP	previous	ADJ	 previous
Thus, the title of mep ' e might have been applied to Tamar to mark out her unique position among women. Once Tamar succeeded in consolidating her power and found a reliable support in David Soslan, the Zakarids Mkhargrzeli, Toreli, and other noble families,	,	PUNCT	she	PRON	 she
" The nomination also notes that it is " one of the finest of its type in the surrounding area ", calling it a stylish farmhouse built for a prominent farmer. The Town of Sprague placed it among the many historic districts in their small area, which	which	PRON	"	PUNCT	 "
The American war correspondent, Stanley Washburn, reported that Michael wore " a simple uniform with nothing to indicate his rank but shoulder straps of the same material as his uniform ". Michael was " unaffected and democratic " and " living so simply in a dirty village	village	NOUN	"	PUNCT	 "
Votta's only disappointment with the rendition was that the televised version did not include the " adorable duet " between Kurt and Artie that is present on the single. Three of the five cover versions released as singles debuted on the Billboard Hot 100: " It's	's	AUX	Not	PART	 Not
Specific findings in sociological studies of leisure are illustrated by John Robinson's late 1970s study of American leisure. Robinson found that Americans, on average, have four hours of leisure time each weekday, and more on weekends — six hours on Saturdays, almost eight on	on	ADP	Sundays	PROPN	 Sundays
San Diego's first tuna cannery was founded in 1911, and by the mid 1930s the canneries employed more than 1,000 people. A large fishing fleet supported the canneries, mostly staffed by immigrant fishermen from Japan, and later from the Portuguese Azores and Italy whose influence	influence	NOUN	is	AUX	 is
Wind estimates from Météo France and most other basins throughout the world are sustained over 10 minutes, while estimates from the United States based Joint Typhoon Warning Center are sustained over 1 minute. 10 minute winds are about 1.14 times the amount of 1 minute winds. Most	Most	ADJ	storms	NOUN	 storms
These are more reliable than A clamps because the O ring is well protected, but many countries do not use DIN fittings widely on compressors, or cylinders which have DIN fittings, so a diver traveling abroad with a DIN system may need to take an adaptor,	,	PUNCT	either	CCONJ	 either
One hypothesis suggests the Sumatran rhinoceros is closely related to the black and white rhinos in Africa, evidenced by the species having two horns, instead of one. Other taxonomists regard the Sumatran rhinoceros as a sister taxon of the Indian and Javan rhinoceros because their ranges overlap	overlap	VERB	so	ADV	 so
In March, martial law was declared and Saudi troops were called in. Despite the hard crackdown and official ban, the protests continued. During the uprising, Al Wasat was a voice for " moderation and prudence " that urged compromise from both sides and its popularity	popularity	NOUN	reportedly	ADV	 reportedly
Re releases of Square games in Japan with bonus features would occur frequently after the release of Final Fantasy VII International. Later titles that would be re released as international versions include Final Fantasy X (as " International "), Final Fantasy X 2 (as "	"	PUNCT	International	PROPN	 International
It was the first part of the two part season four finale, the second part being " Wilson's Heart ". Co written by several House producers and directed by Greg Yaitanes, " House's Head " premiered on May 12, 2008 on Fox. The	The	DET	episode	NOUN	 episode
A Puritan revolt over a 1627 " Bringing in the May " festival at Mount Wollaston in present day Massachusetts resulted in the expulsion of its organiser from the colony. King James, on the other hand, viewed Puritanism as a challenge to the authority of the monarch	monarch	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
The details of the system were developed in 1925 – 1926 by a group of five linguists, led by Chao and including Lin, under the auspices of the Preparatory Commission for the Unification of the National Language. In 1928 GR was officially adopted by the government.	.	PUNCT	GR	PROPN	 GR
Saipan International Airport reported sustained winds of 95 km / h (59 mph), with gusts to 120 km / h (75 mph). Also on the island, Nabi produced 173 mm (6.82 in) of rainfall. The storm destroyed two houses and	and	CCONJ	left	VERB	 left
" Billboard considered the record's original songs its best material, and " Word Crimes " the best parody. Paste similarly agreed that Yankovic's original materials were the highlight of the album, and that as a whole, Mandatory Fun is " a good, humorous	humorous	ADJ	album	NOUN	 album
The Malays of Malaysia claimed a special position and special rights owing to their long domicile and the fact that the present Malaysian state itself evolved from a Malay polity. The oldest political institution in Malaysia is the system of Malay rulers of the nine Malay states. British	British	ADJ	colonial	ADJ	 colonial
The various fish groups account for more than half of vertebrate species. There are almost 28,000 known extant species, of which almost 27,000 are bony fish, with 970 sharks, rays, and chimeras and about 108 hagfish and lampreys. A third of these species fall	fall	VERB	within	ADP	 within
In an effort to bolster the offensive capabilities of the Stalingrad Front, over 420 tanks, 111,000 soldiers and 556 artillery guns were shipped over the Volga River in a period of three weeks. The Red Army and Red Air Force were able to amass over one million	million	NUM	soldiers	NOUN	 soldiers
Trescothick's partnerships with Strauss were to average 52.35 in 52 innings. His first century against the West Indies followed in the second Test, and Trescothick became the first player to make centuries in both innings of a Test match at Edgbaston, and the ninth England player	player	NOUN	to	PART	 to
Peng participated in the Northern Expedition, and supported Wang Jingwei's attempt to form a left leaning Kuomintang government based in Wuhan. After Wang was defeated, Peng briefly rejoined Chiang Kai shek's forces before joining the Chinese Communist Party, allying himself with Mao Zedong and	and	CCONJ	Zhu	PROPN	 Zhu
Meat ants are highly territorial and aggressive ants which establish firm borders between neighbouring colonies. While the boundaries are not physical, worker ants maintain them by engaging in ritualised fighting with opponent ants, an interaction most colonies engage in. Fatalities are rare on both sides,	,	PUNCT	but	CCONJ	 but
He had recently moved to an apartment in Viktoria Luise Platz in Schöneberg, Berlin, but took up the offer, intending to spend his summers in Berlin. The posting proved not to be a success. Bologna was a cultural backwater, despite occasional visits from celebrities	celebrities	NOUN	such	ADJ	 such
DuGalle only appears in Brood War and is voiced by Jack Ritschel. Considered the UED's most capable military leader, DuGalle, a Frenchman, is a staunch believer in the UED's mission to pacify the sector and carries out his orders with precision. In Brood	Brood	PROPN	War	PROPN	 War
American music industry executive Daniel Glass told Texas Monthly he believed Selena would have enjoyed greater career success had it not been for her death. A few days after her death, president of the United States Bill Clinton and his wife Hillary sent a letter of condolence to	to	ADP	Selena	PROPN	 Selena
Stroma, which lies between mainland Scotland and Orkney, is part of Caithness, and so falls under Highland council area for local government purposes, not Orkney. It is, however, clearly one of the " northern isles " of Scotland. Fair Isle and Foula	Foula	PROPN	are	AUX	 are
In the 1990s, when the composer's many notebooks and sketches were being catalogued, scholars first raised the possibility that some of the music for the lost symphony might have survived. Since then, several short manuscript sketches have been tentatively identified with the Eighth, three	three	NUM	of	ADP	 of
The theatrical release was accompanied with the Pixar short animated film For the Birds. As in A Bug's Life and Toy Story 2, a montage of " outtakes " and a performance of the company play were made and included in the end credits of the film	film	NOUN	sometime	ADV	 sometime
According to de Havilland's chief test pilot John Cunningham, who had flown the prototype's first flight, representatives from American manufacturers such as Boeing and Douglas privately disclosed that if de Havilland had not experienced the Comet's pressurisation problems first, it would have happened to	to	ADP	them	PRON	 them
Classic symptoms include gastrointestinal problems such as chronic diarrhoea, abdominal distention, malabsorption, loss of appetite, and among children failure to grow normally. This often begins between six months and two years of age. Non classic symptoms are the most common, especially in people	people	NOUN	older	ADJ	 older
The game may be purchased from GOG.com, and is also a part of the Broken Sword Complete package from Mastertronic. As a series ' first, the game's soundtrack, Broken Sword: The Angel of Death: Soundtrack to the Video Game, was released on	on	ADP	the	DET	 the
On the red granite base there is yet another rectangular block, 6 meters (20 ft) high and wide, and 7.5 meters (25 ft) long, encircled by four 5.5 – 6 meters (18 – 20 ft) high gray granite sculptural groups:	:	PUNCT	"	PUNCT	 "
These events marked the foundation of the Vandalic Kingdom, as the Vandals made Carthage their capital and settled around it. Although the Vandals now gained control of the lucrative African grain trade with Italy, they also launched raids on the coasts of the Mediterranean that ranged as	as	ADV	far	ADV	 far
Its termini are both on business loops of Interstate 94 (I 94); the eastern one coincides with an intersection with I 69. Between Kalamazoo and Marshall it passes through Comstock, Galesburg, Augusta, and Battle Creek intersecting I 194 / M 66 in Battle	Battle	PROPN	Creek	PROPN	 Creek
Source: Apollo by the Numbers: A Statistical Reference (Orloff 2004). The Apollo program returned over 838 pounds (380 kg) of lunar rocks and soil to the Lunar Receiving Laboratory in Houston. Today, 75% of the samples are stored at the	the	DET	Lunar	PROPN	 Lunar
Michaels countered with a Sweet Chin Music, thus Michaels got the pinfall victory over Masters. The main event was between John Cena and Kurt Angle for the WWE Championship. The match began with Angle and Cena locking up, leading to Angle taking Cena down with a	a	DET	headlock	NOUN	 headlock
Although deeply involved in the methamphetamine business, Moreno González's cartel diversified its criminal agenda by controlling numerous " counterfeiting, extortion, kidnapping, armed robbery, prostitution and car dealership " rings in Michoacán and its neighboring states. By mid 2009, La Familia had managed	managed	VERB	to	PART	 to
However, the " robbers " decide to abandon the scheme and commit an actual robbery, causing a shootout where the cashier accidentally shoots a security guard and is arrested, and the mechanic must find a way to get her released from prison. " Slug " runs	runs	NOUN	for	ADP	 for
The attack was scheduled to begin on the morning of 28 May. Rendulic also sent the 105th SS Reconnaissance Battalion to the Livno Glamoč area which had been left wide open by the defeat of the 369th Reconnaissance Battalion thrust. Tito, his staff and his escort continued	continued	VERB	toward	ADP	 toward
In December 1810 an adequate reinforcement was collected, with the provision of a strong battle squadron under Admiral Albemarle Bertie, that rapidly invaded and subdued Isle de France. During the early nineteenth century, the Indian Ocean formed an essential part of the network of trade routes	routes	NOUN	that	PRON	 that
On March 2, both Kim defeated Rayne in a non title match for Wrestle 1's Kaisen: Outbreak event in Tokyo, Japan. A week later at Lockdown, Kim was unsuccessful in regaining the TNA Knockouts Championship in a steel cage match. On the March	March	PROPN	13	NUM	 13
It contained three time trial events, all of which were individual. There were eleven stages containing high mountains, of which four had summit finishes: stage 10, to Monte Terminillo; stage 14, to Monte Bondone; stage 18, to Monviso; and stage	stage	VERB	19	NUM	 19
While the Muslim army was scattered pillaging, the Turgesh khagan Suluk brought his army, allegedly 50,000 strong, from his capital Tokmok into Khuttal within 17 days. Ibn al Sa ' iji, who tried to play both sides off against each other, informed Asad of	of	ADP	the	DET	 the
In 1994, Pinocchio was added to the United States National Film Registry for being deemed " culturally, historically, or aesthetically significant ". After singing the film's signature song " When You Wish Upon a Star ", Jiminy Cricket explains that he is going to	to	PART	tell	VERB	 tell
Shackleton set sail from London on his ship Endurance, bound for the Weddell Sea in August 1914. Meanwhile, the Ross Sea party personnel gathered in Australia, prior to departure for the Ross Sea in the second expedition ship, SY Aurora. Organisational and financial problems	problems	NOUN	delayed	VERB	 delayed
The blue breeding plumage of the male is often referred to as nuptial plumage. The non breeding male is brown with blue in the wings and a bluish tail. The female resembles the non breeding male but has a chestnut bill and eye patch. Immature males will	will	AUX	moult	VERB	 moult
Around 97% of students leaving lower secondary education enter into upper secondary education; however there is a notable drop out rate. There are specific entry requirements for different courses, but as all students have the right to this sort of education, a general program of	of	ADP	study	NOUN	 study
On 11 March 1978 a riot broke out at The Den during an FA Cup quarter final between Millwall and Ipswich Town, with the home team losing 6 – 1. Fighting began on the terraces and spilled onto the pitch; dozens of fans were injured, with	with	ADP	some	DET	 some
Also known as the Bharat Upavan, this garden has lush manicured lawns, trees, and shrubs. The garden is lined with bronze sculptures of contributors to India's culture and history. These sculptures include children, women, national figures, freedom fighters, and warriors	warriors	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
The petition reached 10,000 signatures within five days. In response to the feedback, Nintendo of America released a statement: " At the risk of dampening the excitement you feel, I must be clear that no official announcements have been made regarding a remake of The Legend	Legend	PROPN	of	ADP	 of
Although the voyage was extremely hazardous, Cabral had the prospect of becoming a very rich man if he returned safely to Portugal with the cargo. Spices were then rare in Europe and keenly sought after. An earlier fleet had been the first to reach India by circumnavigating	circumnavigating	VERB	Africa	PROPN	 Africa
As of May 2016, the Protocol has 80 signatories and 107 parties. In 1979, the United Nations General Assembly adopted the Convention on the Elimination of All Forms of Discrimination Against Women (CEDAW). The Convention outlawed discrimination against women, but did not include	include	VERB	any	DET	 any
Chaplin was first selected for the Australia women's national wheelchair basketball team, known as the Gliders, in 2001, and first represented Australia in 2002, winning a bronze medal as part of the team at the 2002 World Wheelchair Basketball Championship. Chaplin was part of	of	ADP	the	DET	 the
After this period of destruction, K ' inich Yo ' nal Ahk I moved his focus to the more ancient South Group, where he began to erect new buildings. During his lifetime, he waged many battles, including notable ones against Palenque and Sak Tz '	'	PUNCT	i	PRON	 i
The pitch located behind Skedsmohallen was converted to a throwing venue in 2005. Ahead of the 2003 municipal elections, the Labour Party mayor candidates for the municipalities of Skedsmo, Rælingen and Lørenskog, Andreas Hamnes, Terje Granerud and Åge Tovan, proposed that a central,	,	PUNCT	inter	ADJ	 inter
She had an overall length of 888 feet (271 m), a beam of 93 feet (28 m) and a draft of 28 feet (8.5 m). The ship was powered by eight 600 psi Babcock & Wilcox boilers, and Westinghouse geared steam	steam	NOUN	turbines	NOUN	 turbines
Afterwards, all that will remain of the Sun is a white dwarf, an extraordinarily dense object, 54% its original mass but only the size of the Earth. Initially, this white dwarf may be 100 times as luminous as the Sun is now. It	It	PRON	will	AUX	 will
The eight I Squadron ships went into the Baltic on 22 February 1915 for unit training, which lasted until 13 March. Following their return to the North Sea, the ships participated in a series of uneventful fleet sorties on 29 – 30 March, 17 – 18	18	NUM	April	PROPN	 April
Following the sinking of Navasota, British destroyers briefly fired depth charges at the U boat but she managed to safely evade the attack without any damage. U 47 left the port of Wilhelmshaven and began her fourth patrol on 11 March 1940. For 19 days, she	she	PRON	roamed	VERB	 roamed
This system was first identified as a hurricane by Ivan Tannehill in 1938. A tropical disturbance developed into a tropical depression at 00: 00 UTC on September 29, while located about 115 mi (185 km) northeast of the Abaco Islands in the Bahamas. Moving	Moving	VERB	northwestward	ADV	 northwestward
We were in the ghetto! " According to Pabon, " Unlike the popularity of the martial arts films, capoeira was not seen in the Bronx jams until the 1990s. Top rockin ' seems to have developed gradually and unintentionally, leaving space for growth and new	new	ADJ	additions	NOUN	 additions
Longstreet was criticized for the slow pace of his advance toward Knoxville in November and some of his troops began using the nickname " Peter the Slow " to describe him. Burnside evaded him at the Battle of Campbell's Station and settled into entrenchments around the city,	,	PUNCT	which	PRON	 which
Futuna Island was also cut off due to loss of communication. At Dillon's Bay, one of Erromango's primary water sources, water became contaminated. In addition, several air strips were closed due to water logging and debris. An aerial and ground damage survey	survey	NOUN	began	VERB	 began
The business software publisher Scandinavian PC Systems found out about the game through Upp & Ner; they were expanding at the time and wanted to add a video game to their catalogue, so they contacted the game's developers. The Eriksson brothers and Johansson developed a version	version	NOUN	for	ADP	 for
Work on the new campus begun on October 5, 1966, and the first building completed was the Institute of Biology, followed by administrative buildings. In the same year, Zeferino Vaz was nominated the rector. In parallel to the new campus, new units were	were	AUX	opened	VERB	 opened
The show originated from writers Jesse Armstrong and Sam Bain's failed attempt to complete a team written sitcom for the BBC; they had an old script that they wanted to revive and Mitchell and Webb helped out, with it eventually evolving into Peep Show. Despite low	low	ADJ	viewing	NOUN	 viewing
Rugby union is seen as a symbol of Welsh identity and an expression of national consciousness. The English words " Wales " and " Welsh " derive from the same Germanic root (singular Walh, plural Walha), which was itself derived from the name of the	the	DET	Celtic	ADJ	 Celtic
The next morning Zaian horsemen appeared on the hilltops to the south and east of the city. Khénifra soon came under constant siege from the tribes. Henrys left Fez for Meknes from which he telegraphed Lyautey promising to " strike hard and fast " so that the "	"	PUNCT	Laverdure	PROPN	 Laverdure
In addition, Ford added to the General Assembly's agenda the creation of a state environmental protection agency, a refinement of congressional districts in line with the latest census figures and ratification of the recently passed Equal Rights Amendment. All of these measures passed. Despite surgery	surgery	NOUN	for	ADP	 for
After 1979, the separate distribution of the clothing allowance was discontinued — the gifts have now been consolidated, and recipients now receive two purses in a single distribution, one white containing the Maundy coins, and one red containing the other money. The distributions were consolidated	consolidated	VERB	so	SCONJ	 so
" Loverboy " was met with generally mixed reviews from music critics; many were not impressed with the incorporation of the sample, and felt the song didn't lead Carey into any newer ground or innovation. Additionally, several reviewers were not impressed with Carey's concealed	concealed	VERB	vocals	NOUN	 vocals
A. Junaidi, writing for The Jakarta Post, notes that Gerhana Kembar was well received by Indonesia's LGBT community as it did not link homosexuality to negative issues like drug use. Ng notes that her children's stories have been generally well received. However, some	some	DET	educators	NOUN	 educators
A now infamous scene, in which Ken comes face to face with Mike following the discovery of the affair and a showdown ensues, was originally scripted differently. Ken was intended to stand and meekly watch Mike and Deirdre chatting on his doorstep. Roache disliked this version	version	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
Following the brief 2009 reunion show, a fan group emerged on Facebook in April 2010 supporting a 20th anniversary benefit reunion tour to take place beginning April 16, 2011. During Labor Day weekend, 2011, Cornell joined Pearl Jam onstage at Alpine Valley in Wisconsin for	for	ADP	PJ20	PROPN	 PJ20
This perimeter was defended by a network of observation posts on the high ground, manned by 24th Infantry. Forces in reserve would counterattack any attempted crossings by KPA. Artillery and mortar fire units were also deployed so large amounts of fire could be delivered on any one	one	NUM	spot	NOUN	 spot
Bright's credits include Freeway, Ted Bundy, and Tiptoes. Bright and director Richard Elfman's only dispute during the screenwriting process was over a scene in which his character, Squeezit, was originally to have been beaten up for eight minutes and having the walls wiped	wiped	VERB	with	ADP	 with
On 21 April 1914, a naval brigade of marines and sailors occupied Veracruz. A total of 55 Medals of Honor were awarded for acts of heroism at Veracruz, the largest number ever granted for a single action. Despite U.S. declarations of neutrality and German accountability for	for	ADP	its	PRON	 its
It contributed to a change in the Indian film industry, with new methods of distribution and a turn towards less violent stories. It was the first Hindi film to gross over ₹ 1 billion, and when adjusted for inflation, is the highest grossing Hindi film of	of	ADP	the	DET	 the
The song is influenced by go go rhythms and features a prominent sample of The Meters ' 1970 funk recording of " Oh, Calcutta! ", written by Stanley Walden. Its lyrics focus on an unidentified " thing " that fuels a romantic attraction. The song	song	NOUN	was	AUX	 was
Sweatt is known as an offensive defenseman, possessing a good shot and a tendency to join plays deep in the opposing zone. He has played the role of powerplay " quarterback " on teams throughout his career – controlling the play by either passing or shooting the puck	puck	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
The assault force was led by Lecointre, who approached the northern edge of the bridge following the usual route of the UN convoys. The French marines overran a sangar held by the VRS, at the cost of the life of one Frenchman, Private Jacki Humblot.	.	PUNCT	The	DET	 The
Hurricane force winds – at least 120 km / h (75 mi) – penetrated 100 km (60 mi) inland. Peak gusts were estimated at 200 km / h (124 mph), based on anemometers that were blown away in Yanam. The highest	highest	ADJ	recorded	VERB	 recorded
Elizabeth's pet name for both of these men was " Robin ", leading scholars to believe that Robin Starveling may be a satiric creation of Shakespeare's in their honour (or dishonour). Another suitor, Duke François (" Francis ") Hercule Alençon,	,	PUNCT	may	AUX	 may
Other accounts also point to the Winnebago as the responsible party for encouraging the attack and suggest that Tenskwatawa was unable to control his followers as panic set in. Tenskwatawa's followers were worried by the nearby army and feared an imminent attack. They had begun to fortify	fortify	VERB	the	DET	 the
His consistent performances led to his call up to the senior national team. Diarra scored his first goal of the campaign in a 1 – 1 draw with Ajaccio. He scored the goal in the opening minute of the match. On 6 February 2005, Diarra scored	scored	VERB	the	DET	 the
Government officials preliminarily estimated that 80% of the buildings were damaged to some degree, of which half were destroyed. Overall, 14,000 families sustained damage during the storm. About 300 people on the island were injured, and although the Red Cross reported three fatalities,	,	PUNCT	the	DET	 the
In 2003, Peru created the " Día Nacional del Pisco Sour " (National Pisco Sour Day), an official government holiday celebrated on the first Saturday of February. During the 2008 APEC Economic Leaders ' Meeting, Peru promoted its pisco sour with widespread acceptance.	.	PUNCT	The	DET	 The
It is estimated that the Sun has become 30% brighter in the last 4.5 billion years. At present, it is increasing in brightness by about 1% every 100 million years. The Sun does not have enough mass to explode as a supernova. Instead it	it	PRON	will	AUX	 will
We're just normal, typical guys. I love to watch football and drink beer. " This comment angered some members of the LGBT community, who believed that Bass not only implied that effeminate gay men were not ' normal ', but further enforced unneeded stereotypes	stereotypes	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
The Nahuatl verb is quite complex and inflects for many grammatical categories. The verb is composed of a root, prefixes, and suffixes. The prefixes indicate the person of the subject, and person and number of the object and indirect object, whereas the suffixes indicate	indicate	VERB	tense	ADJ	 tense
Each character can stock magic into a quantified inventory, but are limited to carrying around 32 distinct spells, and 100 of each spell. Junctioning magic to a stat to enhance it, improves a character and makes them more effective in battles; improving Strength, for	for	ADP	example	NOUN	 example
In July 2014 the High Court ruled in Drax's favour. Biomass conversion at Drax led to it requiring 82% of UK biomass imports from the USA in 2014 (60% overall of all US wood pellet export), a large factor in a 40%	%	NOUN	yearly	ADJ	 yearly
Big Gay Al displays several exaggerated gay stereotypes, including his lisping voice and flamboyant wardrobe, which includes an ascot tie. Although some have described the depiction as inflammatory, other commentators have said the stereotypes are used as functions of satire. Nick Marx and Matt Sienkiewicz	Sienkiewicz	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
He also caught a touchdown pass from punter Brad Maynard off a fake field goal attempt against the Washington Redskins in Week 14, which clinched a first round bye. Urlacher concluded the season with three interceptions, six sacks, and was a candidate for 2001 NFL Defensive	Defensive	PROPN	Player	PROPN	 Player
The bulk of this dopamine sulfate is produced in the mesentery that surrounds parts of the digestive system. The production of dopamine sulfate is thought to be a mechanism for detoxifying dopamine that is ingested as food or produced by the digestive process — levels in the plasma typically	typically	ADV	rise	VERB	 rise
The first complete English translation of his masterpiece Translated from the Night was published by Lascaux Editions in 2007. Complete anthologies: Oeuvres complètes, tome I. Le diariste (Les Calepins bleus), l ' épistolier, le moraliste. Edited by Serge Meitinger, Liliane Ramarosoa	Ramarosoa	PROPN	and	CCONJ	 and
Due to the weight and age of the weapon, the United States Marine Corps is fielding the M27 Infantry Automatic Rifle with plans to partially replace the M249 in Marine Corps service. The M249 is sometimes incorrectly referred to as a " Squad Assault Weapon ". In	In	ADP	1965	NUM	 1965
' " Self sufficiency was a high priority throughout her life. Bethune invested in several businesses, including the Pittsburgh Courier, a black newspaper, and several life insurance companies. She founded Central Life Insurance of Florida. She eventually retired in Florida. Due to state	state	NOUN	segregation	NOUN	 segregation
The company has said that the ' T Mobile Girl ' character has been sidelined for now, but this is believed to be a permanent advertising change. An official T Mobile statement said " This campaign represents a new direction for the brand -- offering consumers a simple	simple	ADJ	choice	NOUN	 choice
The spores of P. bembae are spindle- or fuse shaped, and have rough surfaces — a detail observable when viewed with scanning electron microscopy. The fungus grows in a mycorrhizal relationship with Gilbertiodendron dewevrei, the dominant tree species of the Guineo Congolian rainforest. Other similar Pulveroboletus	Pulveroboletus	PROPN	species	NOUN	 species
This broadcast was during sweeps week, a period used to calculate advertising revenue for the forthcoming quarter. During this time, networks will often attempt to maximise the potential ratings received by their programming. " Unity " was the highest rated episode of Voyager since the second	second	ADJ	part	NOUN	 part
The eastern end was altered in the late 1920s, and the western end was extended to the Grand Rapids area in the 1970s. For over 20 years, M 44 was truncated to remove the M 37 concurrency. Since 2003 though, the highway has terminated at	at	ADP	the	DET	 the
The Daily Telegraph in London highlighted the RevoLucian piece among the " Best of the mash ups and spoofs " of the Bale outburst, noting he arranged the audio clips from Bale into a " potential dancefloor success ". Dose magazine commented " We've been throwing light	light	ADJ	switch	NOUN	 switch
He assessed that the only course of action available was to maintain a large force in the Bulolo Valley to defend the overland route to Papua, while conducting a number of raids in the area in order to inflict casualties on the Japanese and forestall any advance. These	These	PRON	would	AUX	 would
The largest-- Oslo Bolig og Sparelag, known as OBOS — built its first complex Etterstad in Oslo, but there were similar initiatives throughout the country. These co ops set standards for housing, hired architects to design solutions, and contracted to have them built. Entire	Entire	ADJ	sections	NOUN	 sections
Hetfield was opposed to the idea and said, " When someone does a side project, it takes away from the strength of Metallica ", and that a side project is " like cheating on your wife in a way ". Newsted said Hetfield had recorded vocals	vocals	NOUN	for	ADP	 for
Despite calls for a formal war declaration, Adams steadfastly refused to ask Congress for one. On July 7, 1798, Congress annulled the 1778 Treaty of Alliance, and two days later authorized attacks on French warships. Federalists used the dispatches to question the loyalty of	of	ADP	pro	ADJ	 pro
The Alaska Supreme Court thereby became the first — and only — state or federal court to announce a constitutional privacy right that protects some level of marijuana use and possession. Various efforts to legalize recreational marijuana have been attempted by ballot measure, including California Proposition 19 (	(	PUNCT	2010	NUM	2010
There, the assassination of popular leftist leader Jorge Eliécer Gaitán Ayala led to widespread rioting that came to be known as the Bogotazo. Leaving 3000 dead, the riots revolved around clashes between the governing Conservatives – backed by the army – and leftist Liberals with support from	from	ADP	socialists	NOUN	 socialists
Edward Drinker Cope and Alpheus Hyatt reconciled this view with evolutionism in a form of neo Lamarckism involving recapitulation theory. French speaking naturalists in several countries showed appreciation of the much modified French translation by Clémence Royer, but Darwin's ideas had little impact in France, where	where	SCONJ	any	DET	 any
He played 11 seasons following his comeback, finishing with 1,224 games played, 438 goals and 910 points. Roberts was born on May 23, 1966, in Toronto, Ontario, but grew up in Whitby. His best friend growing up was future NHL teammate Joe	Joe	PROPN	Nieuwendyk	PROPN	 Nieuwendyk
The latter track was featured in the American television sitcom, Cougar Town. " Photograph " served as the fifth and last single released from the album. Of the five singles, preceded by two upbeat songs such as the lead single, " Sing ", "	"	PUNCT	Photograph	PROPN	 Photograph
The school, which served as an Orthodox alternative to the existing Communal Hebrew School, comprised a nursery school, a Hebrew school, and a Sunday school. The building also housed Beth Israel's offices, and the " Little Shul " (" shul " is	is	AUX	the	DET	 the
Arsenal eventually finished fourth in the league, level on points with third placed Liverpool. At the end of the 2006 – 07 season, Arsenal transferred Fabrice Muamba to Birmingham City and released Mart Poom, who subsequently joined Watford on a free transfer. Jérémie Aliadière moved	moved	VERB	to	ADP	 to
In 2007, Lonsdale appeared on the BBC Panorama program Scientology and Me and was interviewed by journalist John Sweeney. Later in the program, Sweeney lost his temper and shouted at a Scientology representative when he was accused of giving Lonsdale a " soft interview ". Lonsdale	Lonsdale	PROPN	died	VERB	 died
Human error can lead to casualties as well. In July 2013, 66 year old lone hiker Geraldine Largay disappeared on the trail in Maine. She got very lost and survived 26 days before dying. Her remains were found 2 years later in October 2015. In	In	ADP	October	PROPN	 October
Mawson published " Bolton – a Study in Town Planning and Civic Art " and gave lectures entitled " Bolton Housing and Town Planning Society " which formed the basis of an illustrated book " Bolton – as it is and as it might be ". In 1924,	,	PUNCT	Leverhulme	PROPN	 Leverhulme
When the SOWF is cut off and the Shikastans degenerate, Lessing " both indicts and exculpates " them, implying that humanity is bad, but it is not their fault. While Stade complemented Lessing on the book's satire, and her depictions of Zone 6,	,	PUNCT	which	PRON	 which
Players of the week Throughout the conference regular season, the Big Ten offices named a player of the week each Monday. Midseason watch lists On February 5, the Big Ten became one of six conferences to have multiple players selected as John R. Wooden Award 2008 –	–	PUNCT	09	NUM	 09
The snail serves as first intermediate host to Plagioporus skrjabini and as second intermediate host to Cotylurus cornutus. Asymphylodora demeli is also found in this small snail, as is Notocotylus zduni. This small snail is also parasitized by several species of ciliates. It is the main	main	ADJ	host	NOUN	 host
A more advanced version of the snow sweeper is the jet sweeper, which adds an air blower just behind the brushes, in order to blow the swept snow clear of the pavement and prevent the loosened snow from settling. The surface friction tester is a small fifth	fifth	ADJ	wheel	NOUN	 wheel
The aircraft failed to send a report before it crashed, but when it didn't return to base the Japanese correctly assumed that it had been shot down by carrier aircraft. A message from Pearl Harbor notified Fletcher that radio intelligence deduced the Japanese planned to land their	their	PRON	troops	NOUN	 troops
He also established a national reputation as a piano sketch entertainer and wrote a large number of songs and comic pieces. Before embarking on his stage career, Weedon had worked as an artist and illustrator. The Diary was the brothers ' only mature collaboration. Most of	of	ADP	its	PRON	 its
According to legend, Metacomet orchestrated the burning of Simsbury, Connecticut, and watched the conflagration from Talcott Mountain near the cave now named after him. The names Metacomet and King Philip have been applied to at least sixteen landscape features and over seventy five businesses, schools	schools	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
Bourbon doesn ’ t even tempt me. " He followed this with a 1 – 0 shutout win against the Chicago White Sox. A game against his former team, the Philadelphia Athletics, became the highlight of his career. On July 10, 1947, Black	Black	PROPN	no	PRON	 no
The Town Horse is accompanied by " Gullivers ", dressed similarly to the horse but without the large frame; as at Padstow, smaller, children's horses have sometimes been constructed. The horses ' visits are (or were) believed to bring good luck.	.	PUNCT	In	ADP	 In
The GSN version was hosted by American speed skating champion Apolo Ohno, with Michael Binkow serving as executive producer. The first season premiered on June 25, 2013, although a full episode sneak preview was shown on May 23. The series then went on a short	short	ADJ	hiatus	NOUN	 hiatus
Maxwell Montes, the highest mountain on Venus, lies on Ishtar Terra. Its peak is 11 km above the Venusian average surface elevation. The southern continent is called Aphrodite Terra, after the Greek goddess of love, and is the larger of the two highland regions	regions	NOUN	at	ADP	 at
On 8 May, in Huế, a crowd of Buddhists protested against the ban on the Buddhist flag. The police and army broke up the protest by opening fire and throwing grenades at the demonstrators, leaving nine dead. Diệm's denial of governmental responsibility for the	the	DET	incident	NOUN	 incident
However, an agent of Arcturus makes an attempt on Kerrigan's life, and Raynor defends her and takes her in for medical examination. In Heart of the Swarm, the Dominion discovers where Raynor and Kerrigan are hiding and launch an attack on them. Kerrigan manages	manages	VERB	to	PART	 to
Mike Hale of The New York Times called the film the most " straightforward " of the series and the " most consistently (though not inventively) violent ". He ended his review saying, " If you see the film in a theater equipped with RealD 3D	3D	PROPN	and	CCONJ	 and
The album featured the UK top twenty single " Heatseeker " and popular songs such as " That's the Way I Wanna Rock ' n ' Roll ". The Blow Up Your Video World Tour began in February 1988, in Perth, Australia. That April,	,	PUNCT	following	VERB	 following
The series drew much media attention as Carter, who left had Toronto under acrimonious circumstances, was back at the ACC as a Net. In the opening game, while Carter was constantly booed by the home crowd and was not an offensive threat, Toronto's inexperience	inexperience	NOUN	was	AUX	 was
These advisories were discontinued the following day as Blanca moved out to sea. After weakening to a tropical depression, moisture from the system enhanced a frontal system over Coahuila. The system produced upwards of 22.2 mm (0.87 in) in the span of a few hours	hours	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
The Hays office warned producer Howard Hughes not to make the film; when it was completed in late 1931, the Hays office demanded numerous changes including a conclusion where Comante was captured, tried, convicted, and hanged and that the film carry the subtitle Shame of	of	ADP	a	DET	 a
During the release of their Korean materials, Big Bang released the Japanese song, " Number 1, " from their album of the same name, performing the song on Japanese radio programs and TV shows; the album peaked at number three on the Japan's Oricon	Oricon	PROPN	daily	ADJ	 daily
The chase ends when Blofeld becomes snared in a tree branch and injures his neck. Bond and Tracy marry in Portugal, then drive away in Bond's Aston Martin. When Bond pulls over to the roadside to remove flowers from the car, Blofeld (wearing a	a	DET	neck	NOUN	 neck
There, Max Hyatt, the gothi of the Asatru Alliance affiliated group Wodan's Kindred, invited her to live at his home in Vancouver Island, British Columbia. However, after personal and political differences surfaced, Christensen left Hyatt's home and moved into an RV	RV	NOUN	park	NOUN	 park
.. provided that in cases of crimes committed within any county which may be in possession of an enemy, or in which a general insurrection may prevail, the trial may by law be authorized in some other county of the same state, as near as may be	be	AUX	to	ADP	 to
He was followed five days later by one officer and 107 other ranks as reinforcements. He was followed, five days later, by one officer and 107 other ranks of reinforcements. The situation remained the same in July, and another two officers and ten men arrived	arrived	VERB	to	PART	 to
William McGregor, former president of the League, suggested that it " was the worst decision he had seen since the establishment of the goal nets ", and Latta himself agreed that the ball had gone wide. The crowd were unimpressed – " ironical shouts of '	'	PUNCT	Goal	PROPN	 Goal
Eventual finalists Finland lost to Latvia and made it to the quarterfinals only due to a shootout win over Switzerland. The tournament was won by Russia, Finland won silver and Sweden won bronze defeating the Czech republic. The 2015 IIHF World Championship was held in Prague.	.	PUNCT	It	PRON	 It
" For every Croat killed, " he said, " we must execute 100 Serbs. " The disarming and arresting of VKJ personnel by the Ustaše was accompanied by numerous incidents, in which about twenty armed VKJ troops and Serb civilians were killed. Kvaternik feared that	that	SCONJ	these	DET	 these
This period saw the Kassites destroy the Babylonian empire in Mesopotamia and the Hyksos destroy the Middle Kingdom of Egypt. When the Pharaohs of Egypt conquered Southwest Asia in around 1500 BC, the cultural ties to Mesopotamia were renewed and Egypt's musical instruments also reflected heavy influence	influence	NOUN	from	ADP	 from
These included colored contact lenses, prosthetics to make his veins appear to pulse and gel was added to his eyes to make them bloodshot. There were several guest actors in " Cold Station 12 ". The character, Dr. Jeremy Lucas, had been previously mentioned in	in	ADP	the	DET	 the
Closed markets and decreased supplies caused the price of beef to reach record levels in the country. Following the storm, the General Insurance Association of Japan reported that insurance claims from the typhoon totaled ¥ 58.8 billion (US $53 million), the tenth highest for	for	ADP	any	DET	 any
Greno elaborated, " When you look back at some of the past Disney princes... a lot of them are kind of soft and they're not like people we think are that cool, " continuing, " They're good guys, so I guess we sort	sort	ADV	of	ADV	 of
One of the first acts of Jadid's government was to appoint Assad Minister of Defence. Assad however, did not support the coup, and told Mansur al Atrash, Jubran Majdalani, and other Aflaqites that he did not support Jadid's actions. Later, in	in	ADP	an	DET	 an
Speculation grew as Matthews spent much of 2008 attending meetings with Pennsylvania representatives and major Democratic fundraisers. Matthews discussed a possible campaign with Pennsylvania Governor Ed Rendell, and poll numbers for a theoretical race showed him only three percentage points behind Specter. However, the speculation came	came	VERB	to	ADP	 to
On the August 25 episode of Tough Enough, Fox make a special appearance on the finale of the sixth season, wrestling finalists Amanda and eventual winner Sara Lee. Fox spent the remainder of 2015 competing occasionally in singles matches and tag team matches with Brie Bella,	,	PUNCT	while	SCONJ	 while
Verses 1 – 10 of chapter 8 elaborate on the practice of Dharana or meditation to train the mind in the consciousness of the self. The five elements in the universe correspond to five body functional systems, and that systems are gods residing within the human body.	.	PUNCT	The	DET	 The
By numbers, porpoises are mostly hunted for their meat, though some end up in dolphinariums. Despite the controversial nature of the hunt resulting in international criticism, and the possible health risk that the high methylmercury levels impose, thousands of porpoises are caught in drive hunts	hunts	NOUN	each	DET	 each
The four lane expressway bypass of Oceanside was constructed beginning in 1994. The first four miles (6.4 km) from I 5 to Foussat Road opened to traffic in late 1995. The cost of this portion was $10 million (about $19.4 million in 2015	2015	NUM	dollars	NOUN	 dollars
Jeffrey's assistant, Trixie Sullivan, speculated that the drugs had been planted by a fan who became disgruntled after Hendrix refused his sexual advance. Both Mitch Mitchell and Noel Redding later wrote in their autobiographies that the entire Hendrix entourage had been warned about a planned drug	drug	NOUN	bust	NOUN	 bust
Kyle has intentionally endangered Cartman as well by convincing him in " Fatbeard " to go to Somalia in hopes that he will be killed. However, at other times, Kyle is an enthusiastic participant in Cartman's schemes and Cartman is sometimes seen actually being nice to	to	ADP	Kyle	PROPN	 Kyle
' You start with the story first. What kind of story? What kind of theme do you want to tell? So we worked that out. Then, usually the villain becomes obvious in terms of who's going to be the appropriate antagonist for that.	.	PUNCT	When	SCONJ	 When
Three others twisters were spawned in Collier County on June 24, though damage was no more than a few downed trees. The Charlotte County Airport recorded a 55 mph (89 km / h) wind gust, while the highest rainfall total was 5.25 inches (133	133	NUM	mm	NUM	 mm
However, Wings and Sander (2007) showed that the polished nature and the abundance of those stones precluded a use as an effective gastric mill in most non theropod dinosaurs, including Massospondylus. Although long assumed to have been quadrupedal, a 2007 anatomical study of the	the	DET	forelimbs	NOUN	 forelimbs
Historiographical views of Stevens have dramatically shifted over the years, from the early 20th century view of Stevens as reckless and motivated by hatred of the white South, to the perspective of the neoabolitionists of the 1950s and afterwards, who applauded him for his egalitarian views.	.	PUNCT	Stevens	PROPN	 Stevens
Towards the end of the season, he returned to both youth teams, helping the Juveniles B win the league. He finished the campaign having scored for four of his five teams with a total of 36 goals in all official competitions. During the 2004 – 05	05	NUM	season	NOUN	 season
In 1967, Hanna Barbera was sold to Taft Broadcasting for $12 million, but Hanna and Barbera remained head of the company until 1991. At that time, the studio was sold to Turner Broadcasting System, which in turn was merged with Time Warner, owners	owners	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
In the ten days allowed to prepare the SEC filing, Mesa and its investor partners accelerated buying to 11 percent of the company's stock, larger than the founding Mellon family's share, by October 1983. Gulf responded to Mesa's interest by calling a shareholders	shareholders	NOUN	'	PART	 '
New York: Kodansha Amer Inc. ISBN 1 56836 037 1. Romm, Joseph (1999). Cool Companies: How the Best Businesses Boost Profits and Productivity by Cutting Greenhouse Gas Emissions. New York: Island Press. ISBN 1 55963 709 9. Romm,	,	PUNCT	Joseph	PROPN	 Joseph
No provision within the constitution grants the monarch an ability to veto legislation directly; however, no provision prohibits the sovereign from withholding royal assent, which effectively constitutes a veto. When the Spanish media asked King Juan Carlos if he would endorse the bill legalising same sex	sex	NOUN	marriages	NOUN	 marriages
According to biographer Ian MacDonald, Lennon's continuous experience with LSD during the year brought him " close to erasing his identity ". 1967 saw the release of " Strawberry Fields Forever ", hailed by Time magazine for its " astonishing inventiveness ", and the group	group	NOUN	's	PART	's
Ali is Jason's wife, and they have two young daughters. Marta is Jason's employer, who has become very tough from years of fighting for justice and who is now driven and stressed. The other characters are a pimp, who is unnamed, and	and	CCONJ	his	PRON	 his
In 1969, a 500 MW nuclear power plant was proposed for the Jervis Bay Territory, 200 km south of Sydney. A local opposition campaign began, and the South Coast Trades and Labour Council (covering workers in the region) announced that it would refuse to	to	PART	build	VERB	 build
" The album's lack of commercial success showed for a negative impact on the member's morale, and this exasperation would continue into the band's future records and tours. On the US Billboard 200, Road to Ruin peaked at number 103, while on the	the	DET	UK	PROPN	 UK
Chicago started the game with Robbie Gould's field goal, followed by Matt Forté and Michael Bush's touchdown runs to take a 17 – 0 lead in the first quarter. Pittsburgh then scored on Shaun Suisham's 27 yard field goal, but the Bears then scored	scored	VERB	after	SCONJ	 after
He later effected another escape and succeeded in rejoining his squadron in the final days of the war. Eaton remained in the RAF following the cessation of hostilities. He married Beatrice Godfrey in St. Thomas's church at Shepherd's Bush, London, on 11 January 1919	1919	NUM	.	PUNCT	.
She then conducted two trans Atlantic crossings in November and December, bringing troops home from the European Theater. She reported on 11 March 1946 to the Philadelphia Naval Shipyard for inactivation and assignment to the Reserve Fleet. She decommissioned at Philadelphia Navy Yard on 12 July 1946	1946	NUM	and	CCONJ	 and
Among many other accolades, Another World was named as number one top new Amiga game of 1992 by Amiga World and received the award for the Most Innovative New Game of the year from Electronic Gaming Monthly. In 2012, it became one of the first 14 titles	titles	NOUN	added	VERB	 added
" In an 5 August 2011 PLoS ONE article, researchers estimated that the 2009 H1N1 global infection rate was 11% to 21%, lower than what was previously expected. However, by 2012, research showed that as many as 579,000 people could have been killed	killed	VERB	by	ADP	 by
Hershel (Scott Wilson) is indifferent on the matter when approached by Dale, but will follow the decision as he believes that Randall may pose a threat to his daughters Beth (Emily Kinney) and Maggie (Lauren Cohan) safety. Daryl avows to Dale that	that	SCONJ	his	PRON	 his
Over 60 years after its publication, Adaptive Coloration in Animals remains a core reference on the subject; the Evolutionary biologists Graeme Ruxton, Thomas Sherratt and Michael Speed conclude their book on animal coloration by writing The study of animal coloration and associated anti predator adaptations has a	a	DET	long	ADJ	 long
A few months after her birth Enid almost died from whooping cough, but was nursed back to health by her father, whom she adored. Thomas Blyton ignited Enid's interest in nature; in her autobiography she wrote that he " loved flowers and birds and wild	wild	ADJ	animals	NOUN	 animals
This set a record for the most players to be provided by a club side for a team in a World Cup final. Joachim Löw, coach of Germany, said after his side's defeat by Spain that the opposition had a distinct Barcelona style: " You	You	PRON	can	AUX	 can
Captain Muller, who stated that he had been " gazing out over the sea " at the time of the attack, was taken by surprise and stabbed three times by Massavana. Muller escaped to his cabin and soon climbed down from a window, via the rudder	rudder	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
The festival is slated for 26 stops to run from June 26th through August 2nd. On February 23, 2016, the band released a new song called " Human " from their fifth studio album. On April 8, 2016, the band announced their fifth studio	studio	NOUN	album	NOUN	 album
Pliny correctly identifies the origin of amber as the fossilised resin of pine trees. Evidence cited includes the fact that some samples exhibit encapsulated insects, a feature readily explained by the presence of a viscous resin. Pliny refers to the way in which it exerts a charge	charge	NOUN	when	SCONJ	 when
At the center of the German line was I Squadron, behind the eight König- and Kaiser class battleships of III Squadron. The six elderly pre dreadnoughts of the III and IV Divisions, II Battle Squadron, formed the rear of the formation. Shortly before 16:	:	SYM	00	NUM	 00
Tharp then passed three straight times for 32 yards and two first downs. On subsequent plays, Tharp rushed for six yards and passed for another six to convert BSU's third first down of the drive. Three plays later, however, the Broncos ' Titus Young	Young	PROPN	fumbled	VERB	 fumbled
Several Alabama players had career days with the performance on the field in Knoxville. McCarron had both career highs in passing yards and touchdowns with 306 and 4; Cooper established an Alabama freshman record for receiving yards with his 163 in the game. Yeldon also had his	his	PRON	third	ADJ	 third
This is the current situation with regard to tidal power. Some systems capture energy from the tides in a vertical direction. The tide comes in and raises the water level in a basin. As the tide lowers the water in the basin is discharged through a turbine	turbine	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
Thorpe's improvement continued when he defeated Klim in the 200 m freestyle in 1 min 47.24 s, faster than Klim's winning time at the World Championship two months earlier. Thorpe's time was a Commonwealth record and with it, he secured his first national title	title	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
However, Isaac continued its west northwestward path and passed more than 820 miles (1,320 km) northeast of the Lesser Antilles. While Isaac made its closest approach to Bermuda on September 29, it produced high waves offshore the island. Although Isaac had stayed away from	from	ADP	the	DET	 the
Amidst the German occupation of Belgium during World War II, Hergé had accepted a position working for Le Soir, Belgian's largest Francophone daily newspaper. Confiscated from its original owners, the German authorities permitted Le Soir to reopen under the directorship of Belgian editor Raymond de	de	X	Becker	PROPN	 Becker
The Mysore Economic Conference was expanded into three committees; industry and commerce, education, and agriculture, with publications in English and Kannada. Important projects commissioned during his time included the construction of the Kannambadi Dam, the founding of the Mysore Iron Works at Bhadravathi,	,	PUNCT	founding	NOUN	 founding
To the east of the town are the ruins of Ravenscraig Castle on a rocky spit of land extending into the Firth of Forth. King James II began construction of the castle in 1460 for his queen, Mary of Gueldres. It was also a means of defending	defending	VERB	the	DET	 the
That same season Wellington Mara's mother finally allowed him to spend training camp living with the team. When he inadvertently received a black eye while he was helping the team with their punting drills, his father had to talk his mother out of making him come back	back	ADV	home	ADV	 home
There is evidence that the native blue crab in eastern North America, Callinectes sapidus, is able to control populations of C. maenas; numbers of the two species are negatively correlated, and C. maenas is not found in the Chesapeake Bay, where Callinectes sapidus is most	most	ADV	frequent	ADJ	 frequent
As the league leader in goals, with 33, assists and points, Morenz was named the recipient of the Hart Trophy as the league's most valuable player. Though his scoring totals went down in 1928 – 29, with 17 goals and 27 points, Morenz	Morenz	PROPN	still	ADV	 still
Thousands of people may have been killed during this period. In early 1978, the entire civilian population of Arsaibai village, near the Indonesian border, was killed for supporting Fretilin after being bombarded and starved. The success of the ' encirclement and annihilation ' campaign led	led	VERB	to	ADP	 to
Following the United States ' entry into World War I, the federal government took control of the railroads in December 1917, running them through the United States Railroad Administration, on which Harrison served. An economic boom after the war helped the company to expand its operations	operations	NOUN	;	PUNCT	;
The film won a number of awards, including the Golden Globe Award for Best Motion Picture – Musical or Comedy, the Golden Globe Award for Best Actor – Motion Picture Musical or Comedy and the Academy Award for Best Art Direction. Helena Bonham Carter was nominated for	for	ADP	a	DET	 a
Sannwald felt that it would appeal to both children and their parents. Negative reviews criticized " Shine " for lacking the energy of Williams ' and Stefani's previous releases. Kevin Apaza of Direct Lyrics described it as " just average " and said it was worse than	than	ADP	"	PUNCT	 "
Shortly after the USN re adopted the intermediate battery, the British, Italian, Russian, French, and Japanese navies laid down intermediate battery ships. This later generation of intermediate battery ships almost without exception finished building after Dreadnought, and hence were obsolete before completion.	.	PUNCT	During	ADP	 During
The New York alignment has remained virtually unchanged since it was assigned as part of the 1930 renumbering of state highways in New York, while the designations of the roads it connects to in Pennsylvania have varied over the years. The two segments of PA 426 were established	established	VERB	at	ADP	 at
She and the actor acted it out the way they thought it might have happened. Underwood revealed that she left the filming location with bruises on her arm- " I had finger marks on my arm when I left at the end of the day, so I was	was	AUX	like	ADP	 like
He was an experimenter and pointed out that chess obeys laws that should be considered. " Statistical rating systems are unkind to Steinitz. " Warriors of the Mind " gives him a ranking of 47th, below several obscure Soviet grandmasters; Chessmetrics places him only 15th on	on	ADP	its	PRON	 its
There were 23 different employee uniforms. Guests signed the register in " grass hued " green ink and their luggage was carried by bellhops wearing emerald green, lemon trimmed uniforms past a portrait of McCarthy in the elevator lobby to air conditioned, green hued rooms each with	with	ADP	generously	ADV	 generously
The gamma function is also connected to the Riemann zeta function and identities for the functional determinant, in which the constant π plays an important role. The gamma function is used to calculate the volume Vn (r) of the n dimensional ball of radius r in	in	ADP	Euclidean	ADJ	 Euclidean
The added exhaustion due to the Dream Team run in the 1992 Olympics solidified Jordan's feelings about the game and his ever growing celebrity status. Jordan's announcement sent shock waves throughout the NBA and appeared on the front pages of newspapers around the world. Jordan then	then	ADV	further	ADV	 further
Lurgan is also situated by the M1 motorway connecting the town to Belfast. Bus services, provided by Translink, arrive and depart on a regular basis from bus stops on Market Street to Belfast, Portadown, Armagh, Dungannon, and surrounding areas. Electricity is supplied	supplied	VERB	by	ADP	 by
The player, Alistair, and Morrigan decide that in order to stop the Blight from destroying Ferelden, and possibly all of Thedas, they will need to gather a new army and slay the Archdemon. Using ancient Grey Warden treaties, the player's Warden must travel	travel	VERB	across	ADP	 across
The Russian ships passed through Tsugaru Strait two days later and began capturing ships bound for Japan. The arrival of the Russians off Tokyo Bay on the 24th caused the Naval General Staff to order Kamimura to sail for Cape Toi Misaki, Kyūshū, fearing that Jessen would	would	AUX	circumnavigate	VERB	 circumnavigate
The Royalists seeing an opportunity to engage the divided force turned around to engage but Lilburne decided to hold his ground deploying cavalry on Wigan Lane and infantry in the hedgerows to the sides, The Royalists made several charges but after two hours were unable to break the Parliamentarian	Parliamentarian	ADJ	line	NOUN	 line
The patrol's members, particularly Wilson and Captain Henry Borrow, were elevated in death to the status of national heroes, representing endeavour in the face of insurmountable odds. The anniversary of the battle on 4 December 1893 became an annual public holiday in Rhodesia two years	years	NOUN	later	ADV	 later
The facade is built of stone and has arched windows. A broad stairway leads up to the main entrance, a tall, arched gateway. Just inside is a mandap, a large, pillared hall that leads to the sanctum, or main shrine area. The	The	DET	walls	NOUN	 walls
The project was again abandoned when Wardley rode the prototype, describing it as slow, boring, cumbersome and energy inefficient. The park began to look for an alternative. Wardley became aware of a new roller coaster design being installed by Bolliger & Mabillard at Six Flags	Flags	PROPN	Great	PROPN	 Great
Construction of the lake in 1995 with construction of the three dams. With over 40 million cubic yards of foundation excavation and 110 million cubic yards of embankment construction, the construction of the dams was the largest earthworks project in the United States. The shovels, loaders	loaders	NOUN	and	CCONJ	 and
The " Brunswick Corps ", as it is called in the order of battle for the Waterloo Campaign, formed up as a discrete division in the allied reserve. Its strength is given as 5376 men, composed of eight infantry battalions; one Advance Guard or Avantgarde	Avantgarde	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
All the above places are very steep and difficult for grazing animals and therefore natural regeneration of the forest in this area is progressing normally and many rare plants are conserved. The serpentine soil, which is dominant in the area of the Pindus National Park also favors the	the	DET	growing	NOUN	 growing
The game was released on July 19, 1996. Despite appearing in North American video game magazine Nintendo Power in 1996, the Super Famicom version was never officially released anywhere outside Japan. Enix America ceased to publish games in North America by the end of 1995 due	due	ADP	to	ADP	 to
They were able to record almost every second of Sesame Street this way; if the episode captured the children's interest 80 – 90% of the time, the producers would air it, but if it only tested 50%, they would reshoot. By the	the	DET	fourth	ADJ	 fourth
Since this was to be a full scale invasion, it required long term planning, stock piling and conscription. Xerxes decided that the Hellespont would be bridged to allow his army to cross to Europe, and that a canal should be dug across the isthmus of Mount	Mount	PROPN	Athos	PROPN	 Athos
Below New Exchequer, the river flows west through a heavily irrigated region of the Central Valley, passing through McSwain and Crocker Huffman Dams and the cities of Hopeton, Delhi and Livingston. It joins the San Joaquin River at Hills Ferry, a few miles south of	of	ADP	Turlock	PROPN	 Turlock
At the subsolar point the bow shock stands 1900 km (0.3 Rv, where Rv is the radius of Venus) above the surface of Venus. This distance was measured in 2007 near the solar activity minimum. Near the solar activity maximum it can be several times	times	NOUN	further	ADV	 further
By the next day, a hurricane warning existed from Baffin Bay to High Island, Texas, while a tropical storm warning extended from High Island to Intracoastal City, Louisiana. When it became apparent that Louisiana would not be affected significantly by the storm, the state	state	NOUN	's	PART	's
The rest of the material comes from Leland's research on Italian folklore and traditions, including other related material from Maddalena. Leland had been informed of the Vangelo's existence in 1886, but it took Maddalena eleven years to provide him with a copy. After translating	translating	VERB	and	CCONJ	 and
After affecting New Caledonia, Rewa weakened to a tropical depression and turned northwestward before re entering the Australian basin on 10 January. Over the following days, the cyclone showed signs of restrengthening and executed an elongated cyclonic loop to the southeast of Papua New Guinea. Rewa	Rewa	PROPN	subsequently	ADV	 subsequently
Today mirror symmetry is an active area of research in mathematics, and mathematicians are working to develop a more complete mathematical understanding of mirror symmetry based on physicists ' intuition. The idea of mirror symmetry can be traced back to the mid 1980s when it was noticed that	that	SCONJ	a	DET	 a
UB 9's standard complement consisted of one officer and thirteen enlisted men. After work on UB 9 was complete at the Weser yard, she was launched on 6 February 1915. The submarine was commissioned into the German Imperial Navy as SM UB 9 on 18 February	February	PROPN	1915	NUM	 1915
Though it remained far away from the island, the hurricane produced rough waves in Bermuda. As a weakened extratropical system, strong wind gusts were reported in Ireland and northern Scotland. The strongest reported wind gust in Ireland was at the Valentia Observatory, where 56 mph	mph	NOUN	(	PUNCT	 (
According to Shaheem Reid of MTV News, all the women moved with the precision " of a Navy Seal strike force ", slaying the crowd with their synchronized dances. Jon Pareles of The New York Times praised the performance, stating: " Beyoncé needs no distractions	distractions	NOUN	from	ADP	 from
Vera, Wayne, Kim, and Lex led to over half of the fatalities from tropical cyclones this season. Forrest became the fastest developing tropical cyclone on record for the western Pacific ocean, with a pressure drop of 92 hectopascals (2.7 inHg) in a 24	24	NUM	‑	NOUN	 ‑
The following day, all of the watches were upgraded to tropical storm warnings as Erika neared the Lesser Antilles. When the storm entered the Caribbean Sea, a tropical storm warning was issued for Dominica and tropical storm watches were for Puerto Rico, the U.S. Virgin Islands	Islands	PROPN	and	CCONJ	 and
At the latter location, the estimate was based on high water marks, which included wave effects. The high waves resulted in extensive beach erosion along the state's coastline, which washed out several roads in Coventry. There was flooding reported along the Pocasset River.	.	PUNCT	Rainfall	NOUN	 Rainfall
Meanwhile, Will (Eric McCormack) is torn between going out with his boyfriend Vince (Cannavale) and staying in to console Grace (Debra Messing) following her failed marriage. " Back Up, Dancer " received generally mixed reviews from television critics, who all	all	PRON	disliked	VERB	 disliked
The Centers for Disease Control and Prevention reported on December 21 that five more people became ill after eating at two Chipotle restaurants located in Kansas and Oklahoma in late November. Preliminary DNA fingerprinting results appear to indicated that the newer cases were caused by a different strain of	of	ADP	Shiga	PROPN	 Shiga
This means that it was seen by 4.1% of all 18- to 49 year olds, and 10% of all 18- to 49 year olds watching television at the time of the broadcast. The episode was the number one ranked episode among adults, men, and	and	CCONJ	women	NOUN	 women
Elphaba attempts to take back her sister as she is wheeled away, and her frustration manifests itself physically in an explosion. Madame Morrible recognizes that she has special powers and decides to teach her sorcery - and to teach no one else, even though Galinda had her	her	PRON	heart	NOUN	 heart
Ilya Vaisfeld called the film and Eisenstein's methods " profoundly hostile to socialism ", and faulted Eisenstein for presenting enemies in a possibly favorable light. According to Nikolai Otten, Eisenstein's failure was due to filming an emotional scenario, thinking it freed him from studio	studio	NOUN	control	NOUN	 control
Past this intersection, the road continues northwest to provide access to Delaware Park Racetrack and the Churchmans Crossing station on SEPTA's Wilmington / Newark Line. From DE 4, the route passes to the north of Christiana Hospital and runs through commercial development to an interchange with	with	ADP	DE	PROPN	 DE
In February 2014 the group sent seven letter bombs to British Army recruitment offices in south east England; the first time republicans had struck in Britain since 2001. The following month, a PSNI landrover was hit by an explosively formed projectile in Belfast. A civilian car	car	NOUN	was	AUX	 was
Its basic design was modeled on the North Korean Rodong 1. North Korea launched what it described as a three stage satellite launch on August 31 of that year, a surprise for US intelligence, which had expected a test of the two stage Taepodong 1 (partially	partially	ADV	based	VERB	 based
The movements of the large superfamily Muroidea (including hamsters, gerbils, true mice and rats) may have involved up to seven colonizations of Africa, five of North America, four of Southeast Asia, two of South America and up to ten of Eurasia. During	During	ADP	the	DET	 the
Originally, Germany had a very close relationship with the Chinese nationalist government, even providing military aid and assistance to the Republic of China. Relations soured after the outbreak of the Second Sino Japanese War on 7 July 1937, and when China shortly thereafter concluded the Sino	Sino	ADJ	Soviet	PROPN	 Soviet
" Roberson spent a year researching and writing the story, and sought to combine fact and legend in developing the motivations for certain characters. The novel was published in September 1992 by Zebra Books, with a cover designed by illustrator Anne Yvonne Gilbert. Lady of the	the	DET	Forest	PROPN	 Forest
We're just people. # AllLivesMatter, " to which Baer responded with a scathing column on Crashburn Alley, a blog affiliated with ESPN, in which he stated that De Fratus is " complicit in perpetuating a system which inflicts violence on those who didn ’ t	t	NOUN	have	VERB	 have
Towards the end of the video, Jackson has packed up his bags to leave town, because of his distress. A helicopter comes to pick him up from his house. The girl comes to Jackson's house and she asks his assistant (who knows the situation	situation	NOUN	and	CCONJ	 and
At the end of totality, the same effects will occur in reverse order, and on the opposite side of the Moon. Photographing an eclipse is possible with fairly common camera equipment. In order for the disk of the Sun / Moon to be easily visible,	,	PUNCT	a	DET	 a
The term public order has been given an expansive interpretation that highlights the importance which the Singapore Government places upon social stability. In Chee Siok Chin, which dealt with the constitutionality of sections 13A and 13B of the Miscellaneous Offences (Public Order and Nuisance) Act the	the	DET	High	PROPN	 High
In addition to It's Too Late to Stop Now and Astral Weeks Live at the Hollywood Bowl, Morrison has released three other live albums: Live at the Grand Opera House Belfast in 1984; A Night in San Francisco in 1994 that Rolling Stone magazine felt stood	stood	VERB	out	ADP	 out
For the Catholic expatriates engaged in that struggle, the restoration by force of a Catholic monarchy was an intriguing possibility, but following the failed Spanish invasion of England in 1588 the papacy had taken a longer term view on the return of a Catholic monarch to the English	English	ADJ	throne	NOUN	 throne
Bulgaria ranks 113th globally by average life expectancy, which stands at 73.6 years for both genders. The primary causes of death are similar to those in other industrialised countries, mainly cardiovascular diseases, neoplasms and respiratory diseases. Bulgaria is in a state of demographic crisis.	.	PUNCT	It	PRON	 It
The Terrapin defense stopped two rushing attempts by Vai Taua, but a short pass was good for the score, and with the extra point, Nevada took the lead 6 – 7. The Wolf Pack then kicked a 69 yard kick off to Torrey Smith, who	who	PRON	returned	VERB	 returned
By the following year, NY 342 was truncated westward to the hamlet of Conesville while a highway between NY 23 near South Gilboa and NY 30 southwest of Gilboa was designated as NY 297. The NY 297 designation was short lived as it was removed c. 1936.	.	PUNCT	NY	PROPN	 NY
The main event won the Observer award for Match of the Year. Alex Roberts of the Professional Wrestling Torch Newsletter attended the event. He criticized the ladder matches as " dangerous spectacles " where many wrestlers " took plenty of painful looking bumps " but often failed to	to	PART	score	VERB	 score
In January 2009, Cook won his 5th Emmy Award for his work on the series, New South Crossings and he took home his sixth Emmy for the composing and arranging of " Meet Me At The Crossroads " in June 2010. Cook was nominated on May 6	6	NUM	,	PUNCT	,
" Kirk Honeycutt of The Hollywood Reporter praised Hanks, Newman, and Craig but called Law's performance " almost cartoonish ". Peter Travers of Rolling Stone also complimented Hanks and Newman: " [They] act together with the confidence of titans, their talents in	in	ADP	the	DET	 the
German forces invaded Belgium, which had been following a policy of neutrality, on 10 May 1940. After 18 days of fighting, Belgium surrendered on 28 May and was placed under German occupation. During the fighting, between 600,000 and 650,000 Belgian men (nearly 20	20	NUM	percent	NOUN	 percent
The last shooting schedule began in Bangkok in early October 2013, with action scenes supervised by Peter Hein. The remaining dialogue scenes were filmed in Bangalore in mid October 2013. They were finished by late November, and the last song was filmed in Mumbai. Principal	Principal	NOUN	photography	NOUN	 photography
The addition of busts to her stern escaped controversy of any kind, depicting Isaac Hull, William Bainbridge, and Charles Stewart; the busts remained in place for the next forty years. Elliot was appointed captain of Constitution and got underway in March 1835 to New York	York	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
An important early printed edition of the Chronicle appeared in 1692, by Edmund Gibson, an English jurist and divine who became Bishop of Lincoln in that year. Titled Chronicum Saxonicum, it printed Latin and Old English versions of the text in parallel columns and became the	the	DET	standard	ADJ	 standard
After an interview with Sidney and Beatrice Webb he became the Labour candidate for Wallsend in December 1920. Beatrice Webb was later to write in her diaries that Hastings was " without any sincerely held public purpose " and " an unpleasant type of clever pleader and political arriviste	arriviste	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
Between 1941 and 1945 Southern Rhodesia contributed large quantities of timber, leather goods, soap and building materials. Thousands of Axis POWs and people described as " enemy aliens " were held in Southern Rhodesia during the conflict. These were mainly Italians and Germans, but there	there	PRON	were	VERB	 were
He met Bradlaugh, who encouraged the young man to read more widely and introduced him to the ideas of Charles Darwin, Thomas Huxley and John Stuart Mill. Bottomley was strongly influenced by Bradlaugh, whom he considered his political and spiritual mentor. In 1880 Bottomley married	married	ADJ	Eliza	PROPN	 Eliza
Levi's starring role on Chuck required the actor to constantly " shed a character and take on another character and shed that character and then go back to something else. " However, Levi and Moore did meet on one occasion to record their romantic duet " I	I	PRON	See	VERB	 See
Since 1991 the band had sold over 40 million records worldwide Childhood friends Damon Albarn and Graham Coxon met Alex James when they began studying at London's Goldsmiths College in 1988. Albarn was in a group named Circus, who were joined by drummer Dave Rowntree that October	October	PROPN	.	PUNCT	.
The winds left severe damage to vegetation after fruits and vegetables were blown away. Rainfall peaked at 10.47 in (266 mm), which caused widespread flooding of many properties in the island's western portion. In Frederiksted, the hurricane produced a storm surge of 15	15	NUM	–	SYM	 –
Next, they traded defenseman Kris Russell to the St. Louis Blues for Nikita Nikitin. As the clubs slow start continued, there were rumors that Head Coach Scott Arniel would be fired and replaced with Ken Hitchcock. Hitchcock had previously coached the Blue Jackets to their only	only	ADJ	playoff	NOUN	 playoff
" Right away everyone kind of had a good feeling about me joining the cast, " Vincent says. " It seemed that I just fit right in. " Kartheiser was excited after learning that his real role was ' Angel's son, a demon killer from	from	ADP	Quor'toth	PROPN	 Quor'toth
On the 16th RCT front, at the eastern end of Easy Red, was another area between strongpoints. This allowed G / 16 and the support battalion to escape complete destruction in their advance up the beach. Nevertheless, most of G / 16's 63 casualties	casualties	NOUN	for	ADP	 for
(September 5, 1922 – November 26, 2008) was a civil rights leader and an All American guard who played football at the University of Michigan from 1941 to 1942. Franks wore # 62 as a varsity letterman in 1941 and # 63 in 1942.	.	PUNCT	Franks	PROPN	 Franks
They animated the skier, who they gave an " ego tastic " large head on a stick figure body, and decided to not use tutorials, opting for a game that began with the player's first click. Wohlwend's rainbow trail effect was added as a	a	DET	scarf	NOUN	 scarf
She thereafter proceeded to the Cocos, arriving off Direction Island at 06: 00 on the morning of 9 November. Since there were no British vessels in the area, Müller sent ashore a landing party led by Kapitänleutnant (First Lieutenant) Hellmuth von Mücke, Emden	Emden	PROPN	's	PART	's
He was the second son of Daniel and Elizabeth Tucker, who were distant cousins. Daniel and his brothers established a mercantile partnership with a fleet of vessels shipping goods to America, Newfoundland, and the West Indies. Daniel was also a founder and Mayor of the	the	DET	port	NOUN	 port
In the 19th century, Charles Spurgeon affirmed this belief within the Protestant tradition and wrote: " The Spirit has taught us in meditation to ponder its message, to put aside, if we will, the responsibility of preparing the message we've got to give.	.	PUNCT	Just	ADV	 Just
A dub album, Language Barrier showcased a musical clash between the duo's characteristic rhythms and Laswell's own production style, with African jazz influences, predominant use of the Fairlight CMI sampling synthesizer, and experimentations with tempo and dub techniques. Dunbar was enthused by newer	newer	ADJ	recording	NOUN	 recording
The project was 90 percent complete as of April 2012. Both the upper and lower reservoir were complete and had finished impounding in January 2013. The first of four generators was commissioned in May 2013 and the remaining were operational by 1 September 2015. The power plant	plant	NOUN	operates	VERB	 operates
Modern historians have put forward numerous theories in an attempt to explain these actions. This trip to the English Channel could have merely been a training and scouting mission. The mission may have been to accept the surrender of the British chieftain Adminius. " Seashells ",	,	PUNCT	or	CCONJ	 or
Maggie Smith as Muriel Donnelly, an ex nanny with a head for figures, is deemed surplus to requirements by her lifelong employers after she unwittingly trains her own replacement. She has no family of her own, having devoted her life to her employers. Although racist	racist	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
She was therefore " taxed " S $3,562.50, with S $1,425 going to youth development. Unhappy with this, Tao said: " If they [the SSA] want to cultivate youth, they should find their own money, not pay using our awards	awards	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
A few days after the Italian invasion of Egypt, Illustrious flew off 15 Swordfish during the moonlit night of 16 / 17 September to attack the port of Benghazi. Aircraft from 819 Squadron laid six mines in the harbour entrance while those from 815 Squadron sank the destroyer	destroyer	NOUN	Borea	PROPN	 Borea
" Van Susteren managed McCarthy's 1946 Senate campaign, and during McCarthy's Senate career he stayed with Van Susteren whenever he was in Appleton. McCarthy served 30 months as an intelligence officer (August 1942 -- February 1945), and he held the rank of captain	captain	NOUN	by	ADP	 by
The May 1940 issue was followed by August 1940, which began a bimonthly sequence that lasted until June 1942, which began another monthly sequence that ran through the end of 1942. The next issue, March 1943, was followed by a September issue that inaugurated a	a	DET	quarterly	ADJ	 quarterly
For the next several years, Renoir attended the École des Beaux Arts. He first exhibited a large painting at the Salon in 1863, but destroyed his work. That same year, Renoir was living in a studio with Bazille who introduced him to Paul Cézanne (	(	PUNCT	1839	NUM	1839
I interviewed dozens of Italians — Partisans and Fascists. I interviewed dozens of African American soldiers who fought in the war, most who have since passed away. I must have read at least 20 books. I went to the Army War College in Carlisle, Pennsylvania	Pennsylvania	PROPN	.	PUNCT	.
It contains an overmantel featuring a relief of Plenty, considered to be original, and a large stone chimneypiece, which is believed to be the only surviving work by Blore on the interior. The oak parlour, in the south west, contains a large wooden Jacobean	Jacobean	ADJ	overmantel	NOUN	 overmantel
As AMP, Hely put forward proposals to increase the number of diploma qualified engineering and equipment officers in the Air Force. He was also closely involved in deliberations concerning the balance of academic and military studies at the RAAF Academy (previously RAAF College), the outcome	outcome	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
" On December 4, Legendary Pictures announced that it had selected Pacific Rim co writer Travis Beacham to write the sequel, along with del Toro, though there was no comment as to whether del Toro would return to direct the second film. At WonderCon 2013,	,	PUNCT	del	PROPN	 del
Past here, US 40 / US 322 continues east past more businesses, crossing County Route 651 before entering Pleasantville. In Pleasantville, the road crosses U.S. Route 9, where the name changes to Verona Avenue. Upon crossing County Route 585, the Black Horse Pike	Pike	PROPN	continues	VERB	 continues
During colonial times, prior to the establishment of the ACT, the European communities of Ginninderra, Molonglo and Tuggeranong settled in and farmed the surrounding land, raising sheep in the main but also breeding horses and growing grain. The region was also called the Queanbeyan /	/	SYM	Yass	PROPN	 Yass
When in 2004 Nadanian named his daughter Kiti, Aronian replied, " See? I told you that it was ' Whiskas '! " The game was played between Nadanian (White) and the former Russian champion, Konstantin Sakaev (Black) on the Internet Chess	Chess	PROPN	Club	PROPN	 Club
Simović named Maček as Deputy Prime Minister once again in the new government, but Maček was reluctant and remained in Zagreb while he decided what to do. While he considered the coup had been an entirely Serbian initiative aimed at both Prince Paul and the Cvetković – Maček	Maček	PROPN	Agreement	PROPN	 Agreement
In October 2012, the LDS Church announced at its general conference that young men could serve a mission after they turn 18 and have graduated from high school, rather than after age 19 under the old policy. Many young men would often attend a semester or two	two	NUM	of	ADP	 of
The man claims a new conspiracy has formed after the previous one was destroyed; the new one being hidden within the government and the conspirators involved being alien. Doggett theorizes that the man is actually Mulder. Scully takes the man to her house to give him the	the	DET	files	NOUN	 files
These modifications led to the development of the single stage Merlin XX and 45 series. A significant advance in supercharger design was the incorporation in 1938 of a two speed drive (designed by the French company Farman) to the impeller of the Merlin X. The later Merlin	Merlin	PROPN	XX	PROPN	 XX
The village was occupied in 1250 by Simon de Montfort, 6th Earl of Leicester. The centre of Cubzac is built on a small hill that dominates the Dordogne valley. The village has developed from the domain of Cupitius, a wealthy landowner of the Gallo Roman era	era	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
Tyler's father died in 1813, and Tyler inherited thirteen slaves along with his father's plantation. In 1816, he resigned his legislative seat to serve on the Governor's Council of State, a group of eight advisers elected by the General Assembly. The death	death	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
One of the larger examples, Ma ' adim Vallis is 700 km (430 mi) long and much bigger than the Grand Canyon with a width of 20 km (12 mi) and a depth of 2 km (1.2 mi) in places. It is	is	AUX	thought	VERB	 thought
Prinz Eugen was ordered by the Kriegsmarine from the Germaniawerft shipyard in Kiel. Her keel was laid on 23 April 1936, under construction number 564 and cover name Kreuzer J. She was originally to be named after Wilhelm von Tegetthoff, the Austrian victor of the Battle of	of	ADP	Lissa	PROPN	 Lissa
On June 13, 2015 supporters led by Emerge Miami, the Urban Environment League and New Tropics named a four (4) acre Biscayne Bay waterfront site after Dan Paul. The site, owned by Miami Dade County, was formerly called Parcel B and in 1996	1996	NUM	the	DET	 the
" Nine Inch Nails later confirmed that the tour was to extend to South America and it was thought this would be the last Americas set of dates but soon after Reznor announced yet more North American dates including two dates in tourist capital Florida. Initially, Reznor had	had	AUX	been	AUX	 been
Sheogorath explains to the player that the Greymarch will destroy the realm, and Sheogorath needs a " champion " to stop the event from occurring. Sheogorath decides to choose the player as his protégé, whom he sends off on various quests in an attempt to stop the	the	DET	Greymarch	PROPN	 Greymarch
It has been suggested that Ottawa speakers were among the groups that used the Great Lakes Algonquian syllabary, a syllabic writing system derived from a European based alphabetic orthography, but supporting evidence is weak. Although there is no standard or official writing system for Ottawa, a	a	DET	widely	ADV	 widely
Later, Kama Pradyumna accepts Rati Mayavati as his wife. The name of the goddess Rati comes from the Sanskrit root ram, meaning " enjoy " or " delight in. " Although the verb root generally refers to any sort of enjoyment, it usually carries connotations	connotations	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
Although he was an inspired religious leader, Karamoko Alfa was not qualified as a military leader. Ibrahim Sori took this role. Some of the population resisted conversion for many years, particularly the nomadic Fulbe herders. They rightly feared that the marabouts would abuse their authority	authority	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
The two rappers marched down the runaway with " flames erupting in the background. " The song was performed at all stops of their 2011 – 12 Watch the Throne Tour, generally as one of the opening tracks. It was performed " with a Givenchy designed American	American	ADJ	flag	NOUN	 flag
Meanwhile, the hurricane warning was extended to Cabo Corrientes. On October 3, the hurricane warning was extended to San Blas and the tropical storm warning was extended to Mazatlán. Because it made landfall in a sparsely populated area, Hernan killed no one. Around 1,000	1,000	NUM	homes	NOUN	 homes
In its center lies a sunken circular crypt with two marble sarcophagi, one for MacArthur, the other for Jean, who continued to live in the Waldorf Towers until her own death in 2000. MacArthur has a contested legacy. In the Philippines in 1942, he	he	PRON	suffered	VERB	 suffered
A new county designated highway appeared on maps for the first time in 1983, H 16; it was marked as running between US 2 and M 28 only. This designation was removed in the 1985 edition of the map. The H 16 label reappeared in 1992	1992	NUM	;	PUNCT	;
However, his grave remained unmarked for almost thirty years; the New Zealand Antarctic Society (NZAC) erected a headstone on 10 May 1959. In 2001, it was reported that the grave was untended and surrounded by weeds, but in 2004, the grave was	was	AUX	tidied	VERB	 tidied
The Chief Executive is appointed by the Board to manage the work of the Headquarters staff. The Scout Association is divided into four mainland national groupings: England, Scotland, Wales, and Northern Ireland. While Scouting in England is directly managed by the UK Headquarters,	,	PUNCT	each	PRON	 each
U. radiata has often been mistaken for U. inflata because of their similar morphology and overlapping distribution. In the past, U. radiata has been misidentified as U. inflata or placed at the rank of variety. U. radiata was first identified by Alvan Wentworth Chapman in 1860 as	as	ADP	U.	PROPN	 U.
A new area of the park called " Amusement Circle " was designed in 1906 to link the pier to the beach. It was located southeast of the Coliseum, a large arena built the same year that featured a grand ballroom and other attractions. In 1908,	,	PUNCT	the	DET	 the
This phase is metastable and will gradually revert to the original α berkelium phase at room temperature. The temperature of the phase transition is believed to be quite close to the melting point. Like all actinides, berkelium dissolves in various aqueous inorganic acids, liberating gaseous hydrogen	hydrogen	NOUN	and	CCONJ	 and
According to the Treasury, the sales were intended to " [reduce] the U.S. trade deficit, either by increasing the exports of gold or by reducing the imports of this commodity ", and to " further the U.S. desire to continue progress toward the elimination of	of	ADP	the	DET	 the
With a field goal percentage of almost 60 percent, the Jayhawks posted an 80 – 56 win to advance to the championship game against undefeated North Carolina, the number one – ranked team in the country. Even though the Tar Heels were undefeated and ranked number 1	1	NUM	in	ADP	 in
During the announcement, West cited " Blame Game " as his favorite song from the album, which was at the time unfinished. The song developed from Legend and West's brainstorming, which also led to several other tracks, including " All of the Lights "	"	PUNCT	.	PUNCT	.
HD 154672 b's discovery was reported in the Astronomical Journal by the American Astronomical Society, appearing in the journal on October 7, 2008 alongside the planet HD 205739 b. The two planets were the first to be discovered by the N2 K program that worked out of	of	ADP	the	DET	 the
He knows his limitations. But when it comes down to it, there has to be a sense of confidence in any superhero. " Tom Hiddleston as Loki: Thor's adoptive brother and nemesis, based on the Norse mythological deity of the same name. About	About	ADP	his	PRON	 his
They had a complete double bottom 7 feet (2.1 m) deep. The ships would have had two geared steam turbine sets, each of which drove one propeller shaft, in two engine rooms forward of the boiler rooms. This allowed the funnel to be placed	placed	VERB	further	ADV	 further
Durand was initially met with negative reaction from fans on the street for this action and he defended his murderous character by arguing that it was actually more Ben's fault for failing to negotiate with Keamy; later, fans warmed up to Keamy. Despite the antagonist's	's	PART	increasing	VERB	 increasing
The University also graduated Nobel Prize winner Paul D. Boyer, as well as Philo Farnsworth (inventor of the electronic television) and Harvey Fletcher (inventor of the hearing aid). Four of BYU's thirteen presidents were alumni of the University. Additionally, alumni of	of	ADP	BYU	PROPN	 BYU
Brandon instantly falls in love with Marianne, but she believes he is too old for her. While out walking with Margaret, Marianne falls and twists her ankle. She is rescued by a young man, who carries her back to the cottage. He introduces himself	himself	PRON	as	ADP	 as
His citation reads: The President of the United States of America, authorized by Act of Congress, July 9, 1918, takes pleasure in presenting the Army Distinguished Service Medal to Colonel (Air Service) Townsend F. Dodd, United States Army Air Service, for	for	ADP	exceptionally	ADV	 exceptionally
In October 2008, the National Academy of Engineering presented Clough with the Arthur M. Bueche Award for leadership in science, technology, and engineering policy. In February 2009, he received the Joseph M. Pettit Alumni Distinguished Service Award that recognizes a lifetime of leadership, achievement	achievement	NOUN	and	CCONJ	 and
Haug explained the artistic license that Fincher took with the shot, " While he wanted to keep the brain passage looking like electron microscope photography, that look had to be coupled with the feel of a night dive — wet, scary, and with a low depth	depth	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
Whedon funded the project himself with the investment of just over $200,000, and earned more from it than he did directing The Avengers. He enjoyed the independence gained from it, as it provided him the freedom to include content without the expectancy of lessening it on	on	ADP	behalf	NOUN	 behalf
Richard Strauss had a lifelong champion in Beecham, who introduced Elektra, Salome, Der Rosenkavalier and other operas to England. Beecham programmed Ein Heldenleben from 1910 until his last year; his final recording of it was released shortly after his death. Don Quixote, Till	Till	SCONJ	Eulenspiegel	PROPN	 Eulenspiegel
Built on speculation by Whitehead & Co. of Fiume, the submarine was launched as SS 3 and featured improvements in the electrical and mechanical systems from the design by the American John Philip Holland, to which her older sister boats, SM U 5 and U 6,	,	PUNCT	had	AUX	 had
To compound his troubles, the Duchess, spurred on by her hatred of Harley and Abigail, had finally driven the Queen to distraction and wrecked what was left of their friendship. Sarah was retained in her court position out of necessity as the price to be paid	paid	VERB	to	PART	 to
Volunteers transported as many people and belongings as possible to the small town of Birdseye, about 5 miles (8.0 km) south. Most residents were able to recover only a fraction of their belongings; some had less than two hours ' notice before the water reached	reached	VERB	their	PRON	 their
The identification of the Cuthbert who was Bishop of Hereford with the Cuthbert who became archbishop, however, comes from Florence of Worcester and other post Conquest sources. The contemporary record in the Anglo Saxon Chronicle says that Cuthbert was consecrated archbishop, where if he had been	been	AUX	Bishop	PROPN	 Bishop
Standby supplies in the event of a main AC failure were provided by a Ram air turbine (RAT) driving a 17kVA alternator that could operate at high altitude down to 20,000 ft (6,100 m), and an airborne auxiliary power plant (AAPP), a	a	DET	Rover	PROPN	 Rover
It was hoped the ECSC would prevent a resurgence of large coal and steel groups such as the Konzerne, which helped Adolf Hitler rise to power. In the Cold War trade offs, the cartels and major companies re emerged, leading to apparent price fixing (another	another	DET	element	NOUN	 element
After the fact, Teller consistently denied that he was intending to damn Oppenheimer, and even claimed that he was attempting to exonerate him. Documentary evidence has suggested that this was likely not the case, however. Six days before the testimony, Teller met with an	an	DET	AEC	PROPN	 AEC
The positive reception led to the band's European agent John Jackson, to suggest that the band play Reign in Blood in its entirety on the Jägermeister tour of 2003 and 2004, under the tour banner " Still Reigning ". Original drummer Dave Lombardo, who recorded	recorded	VERB	drums	NOUN	 drums
However, since the relative box office failure of the project, Madhavan downplayed future involvement in production ventures. The film, which Madhavan referred to as a " part of his life " during 2007, also saw him write the dialogues for the film along with Seeman	Seeman	PROPN	by	ADP	 by
Premontane forests and rocky areas have also been known to hold frogs. Dendrobatids tend to live on or close to the ground, but also in trees as much as 10 m (33 ft) from the ground. Many species of poison dart frogs are dedicated parents	parents	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
The Urban Mass Transportation Act of 1964 passed Congress, which promised 66% federal funding for urban mass transportation projects. Encouraged by the new act, the NCTA recommended the formation of a private entity or a multi state authority to operate the system using more non federal	federal	ADJ	funds	NOUN	 funds
The origins of Hurricane Jeanne were from a tropical wave that moved off the coast of Africa on September 7. Containing a scattered area of moderate convection, the wave tracked westward at 12 – 17 mph (19 – 28 km / h), located to the	the	DET	south	NOUN	 south
Hunters were also used by two RAF display teams: the " Black Arrows ", who on one occasion looped a record breaking 24 examples in formation, and later the " Blue Diamonds ", who flew 16 aircraft. Overall, 1,972 Hunters were produced by Hawker	Hawker	PROPN	Siddeley	PROPN	 Siddeley
It was second in importance only to the K ' iche ' capital at Q ' umarkaj. When Spanish conquistador Pedro de Alvarado arrived in what is now Guatemala in 1524, 3 years after the conquest of the Aztecs, he found the highland Maya kingdoms weakened by	by	ADP	twenty	NUM	 twenty
While at major hurricane status, Ivan maintained very strong convection in its core with a well defined eye. Operationally, the probability for further rapid strengthening was considered nearly nine times the average of a typical hurricane. Accordingly, Ivan was forecast to pass near Barbados with	with	ADP	winds	NOUN	 winds
Seasons may play a role in some regions. A dramatic change in colour and texture is created by seasonal snowy conditions in northern latitudes, necessitating repainting of vehicles and separate snow oversuits. The Eastern and northern European countries have a tradition for separate winter uniforms rather than	than	ADP	oversuits	NOUN	 oversuits
Soegijapranata then contacted the Japanese and, that afternoon, brokered a cease fire agreement in his office at Gedangan, despite Indonesian forces ' firing at the Gurkha soldiers posted in front of the building. Military conflicts throughout the area and an ongoing Allied presence led to food	food	NOUN	shortages	NOUN	 shortages
Sarolt seems to have also adhered to Orthodox Christianity, according to Bruno of Querfurt's remark on her " languid and muddled Christianity ". Géza succeeded his father around 972. He adopted a centralizing policy, which gave rise to his fame as a merciless ruler.	.	PUNCT	The	DET	 The
Bates rejected this explanation, and in his 1920 book presented photographs that he said showed that the image remained the same size even as the eye shifted focus, concluding from this that the lens was not a factor in accommodation. However, optometrist Philip Pollack in a	a	DET	1956	NUM	 1956
In this they were completely successful; the Japanese 51st Division continued to reinforce the position around Salamaua, with thousands of Japanese troops, including elements of several infantry regiments and an artillery regiment, being moved to the area throughout the campaign. Allied intelligence estimated that there	there	PRON	were	VERB	 were
" In a review of contemporary criticism of " Ode to a Nightingale " in 1998, James O'Rouke claimed that " To judge from the volume, the variety, and the polemical force of the modern critical responses engendered, there have been few moments in English poetic	poetic	ADJ	history	NOUN	 history
The libretto was adapted by Arrigo Boito from Shakespeare's The Merry Wives of Windsor and scenes from Henry IV, parts 1 and 2. The work premiered on 9 February 1893 at La Scala, Milan. Verdi wrote Falstaff, which was the last of his 28	28	NUM	operas	NOUN	 operas
" Moth eye " nanostructures could be used to create low reflectance glass for windows, solar cells, display devices, and military stealth technologies. Antireflective biomimetic surfaces using the " moth eye " principle can be manufactured by first creating a mask by lithography with gold nanoparticles	nanoparticles	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
During this time Leontovych continued to transcribe and arrange folk songs. He completed his " First compilation of songs from Podolia " and began working on his second compilation. He also inspired the children at the school to sing in the choir and play in the orchestra.	.	PUNCT	He	PRON	 He
Differences, between the variable domains, are located on three loops known as hypervariable regions (HV 1, HV 2 and HV 3) or complementarity determining regions (CDR1, CDR2 and CDR3). CDRs are supported within the variable domains by conserved framework regions.	.	PUNCT	The	DET	 The
The inscription reads Veni soror mea mecum in gloria (" Come with me my sister into glory "). She dies, and the following scene shows the two martyrs, accompanied by two other unnamed female martyrs (in the source " a great multitude of virgins	virgins	NOUN	clad	VERB	 clad
Services could however continue using bi mode trains. The group Friends of Suburban Bristol Railways supports the electrification continuing to Weston, as does MP for Weston super Mare John Penrose. Local services will still be diesel operated, with " Sprinter " units expected to be replaced	replaced	VERB	by	ADP	 by
When an electron is in motion, it generates a magnetic field. The Ampère Maxwell law relates the magnetic field to the mass motion of electrons (the current) with respect to an observer. This property of induction supplies the magnetic field that drives an electric motor	motor	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
He led the team in its first season to a 7 – 6 record. In 2010, the Spartans finished 11 – 2 (7 1 in conference play) and were Co Big Ten Champion along with Wisconsin and Ohio State. In 2011, the Spartans finished	finished	VERB	1st	NOUN	 1st
" Alan Bisbort, writing in the book Rhino's Psychedelic Trip, described Younger Than Yesterday as " an essential snapshot of an incense scented, acid drenched world in motion: a kaleidoscope whose every turn yielded some fantastic window on the age. " In 2003,	,	PUNCT	the	DET	 the
New entrances to the platforms were built, and the entire station was installed with electric lighting. Station Road was significantly widened and rerouted slightly in 1967 in a further attempt to accommodate increasing traffic. Following the privatisation of British Rail, the station operation was taken over	over	ADP	by	ADP	 by
The producers eventually added footage that had been cut and also shot minor pick ups for the ending. Variety magazine claimed that the pick ups were done to try to save the film because Warner feared it was going to be a box office bomb. Joel Coen addressed	addressed	VERB	the	DET	 the
The version shown in theaters was 65 minutes in length. Those who saw the film in theaters could buy a short book titled Shakugan no Shana M containing two short stories written by Yashichiro Takahashi published by ASCII Media Works under the imprint Dengeki Gekijō Bunko. The film	film	NOUN	was	AUX	 was
He also promoted freedom of the press. Several intellectuals and scientists who had left the country in the previous decade returned, which benefited the universities. The University of Buenos Aires returned to the quality levels that it had in the 1960s. Many intellectuals became involved in	in	ADP	politics	NOUN	 politics
I liked the film, but I'll tell you what. I think this one is a tune up for the series, a trial run in which they figure out what works and what needs to be tweaked. The original Spider Man was a disappointment, but	but	CCONJ	the	DET	 the
In the Chicago Reader, Jonathan Rosenbaum wrote that the documentary was an amusing film and an educational commentary on the word. According to Glenn Garvin of The Miami Herald, the film was an expansive merging of perspectives from politics, history and culture. In a review	review	NOUN	for	ADP	 for
The next morning prosecution spokeswoman Vivian van der Biezen refused to confirm or deny the allegation, simply stating that the investigation was at a " very crucial, very important moment ". On Friday, June 17, a fourth person, later identified as disc jockey Steve	Steve	PROPN	Gregory	PROPN	 Gregory
The base of the gatehouse is defended from undermining by large " spurs ". This design feature is characteristic of castles in the Welsh Marches, including Goodrich and Tonbridge Castle, but unlike these castles depends on a solid octagonal, rather than square, based interacting with	with	ADP	the	DET	 the
Four battalions of New Zealanders attacked up Krithia Spur the following day and with the 29th Division they managed to reach a position just south of the village. Late in the afternoon, the Australian 2nd Brigade advanced quickly over open ground to the British front line. Amidst	Amidst	ADP	heavy	ADJ	 heavy
Domestically, the club concluded the league in third place, just outside the Champions League qualification places. Midway through the season, Porto sacked coach Octávio Machado and hired 38 year old Portuguese coach José Mourinho, who had led Leiria to their best ever league finish.	.	PUNCT	Sitting	VERB	 Sitting
As part of WMG's purchase of Parlophone in 2013, WMG made an agreement with the independent music label trade group Impala to reach distribution agreements with independent labels for the 11,000 acquired acts, which required artist approval. XL Recordings has released the physical editions of every	every	DET	Radiohead	PROPN	 Radiohead
In these, the sky often took up two thirds of the canvas. In total he produced more than 150 Scandinavian views featuring waterfalls. Ruisdael's only registered pupil was Meindert Hobbema, one of several artists who painted figures in his landscapes. Hobbema's work has	has	AUX	at	ADP	 at
The game is a sequel to the original Quake modification, Team Fortress, and Valve's Half Life modification, Team Fortress Classic. Its focus is on two competing teams that attack each other in order to achieve varying objectives, including capturing control points or defending them	them	PRON	from	ADP	 from
The album produced four singles, only one of which charted on the Billboard Hot 100. At the 43rd Grammy Awards, Return of Saturn was nominated for Best Rock Album. After the success of No Doubt's breakthrough album Tragic Kingdom (1995), the band	band	NOUN	wrote	VERB	 wrote
However, Stoney believed these charges were permanently attached to atoms and could not be removed. In 1881, German physicist Hermann von Helmholtz argued that both positive and negative charges were divided into elementary parts, each of which " behaves like atoms of electricity ". Stoney	Stoney	PROPN	initially	ADV	 initially
The Boston Globe writer James Reed felt that " something " was missing from Gaga's performance, and it felt " hollow ". He also criticized Gaga's reliance on backing tracks to sing her songs. Joey Guerra from Houston Chronicle found the show to be "	"	PUNCT	disjointed	VERB	 disjointed
Recent events such as the 2001 foot and mouth outbreak and the contention surrounding the September Dossier made him believe that the perceived adversity between Brown and Blair was no longer in the public consciousness. His opinion was changed when he watched the 2002 Labour Party Conference and saw	saw	VERB	a	DET	 a
" Wilson told the British House of Commons in January 1966 that he would not enter any kind of dialogue with Smith's post UDI government (which he called " the illegal regime ") until it gave up its claim of independence, but by mid 1966 British	British	ADJ	and	CCONJ	 and
That the Ottoman Empire's intention was to strongly occupy Romani and Kantara is supported by preparations in the southern territory of Palestine adjacent to, and extending into, the Sinai. These included extending the Palestine railway system to Wadi El Arish, with a good motor road	road	NOUN	beside	ADP	 beside
Judgment Day grossed over $500,000 in ticket sales from an attendance of 9,500, and received 220,000 pay per view buys. This event helped WWE increase its pay per view revenue by $4.7 compared to the previous year. The event featured seven professional wrestling matches that	that	PRON	involved	VERB	 involved
The asci (the spore bearing structures) are club shaped, with dimensions of 85 – 125 by 8 – 12 µm. The asci do not have a covering lid known as an operculum. The paraphyses (sterile cells found in the hymenium) are filamentous,	,	PUNCT	and	CCONJ	 and
By April 1945, a large part of its Croatian manpower had been lost or released, with the Croatian component reduced to between 2,000 and 3,000 soldiers. During the last few months of the war, it fought in northern Dalmatia and parts of Lika and Kordun and	and	CCONJ	later	ADV	 later
The cover of the popular song Lili Marleen featured singer Lale Andersen holding a cigarette. The Nazis implemented more anti tobacco policies at the end of the 1930s and by the early years of World War II, the rate of tobacco usage declined. As a result of	of	ADP	the	DET	 the
Moreover, in the spring of 1655, the Archduke was enjoying a period of cordial relations with Oliver Cromwell, then Lord Protector of England. (Indeed, the two had been exchanging gifts of horses, and Leopold had provided Cromwell with choice tapestries and other artefacts	artefacts	NOUN	for	ADP	 for
Opie rejected Reynolds's tradition of idealising the subjects of paintings, observing that he did not believe " that the flesh of heroes is less like flesh than that of other men ". Opie advised his students to pay great attention to Titian, whose use of colour	colour	NOUN	he	PRON	 he
Britain and France were not at war at the time of the engagement, but French support for the Kingdom of Mysore in the conflict with the British East India Company had led to Royal Navy patrols stopping and searching French ships sailing for the Mysorean port of Mangalore.	.	PUNCT	When	SCONJ	 When
He served as First Secretary of the Central Committee of the Communist Party of Ukraine from 1957 to 1963 and as Chairman of the Presidium of the Supreme Soviet from 1965 to 1977. He was replaced as Chairman of the Presidium of the Supreme Soviet in 1977 by General	General	PROPN	Secretary	PROPN	 Secretary
It originally aired on the Fox network on April 26, 2009. The episode features Stewie after he is attacked at an outdoor party by Joe's infant daughter, Susie. While training Stewie, Peter injects him with performance enhancing drugs, and Stewie becomes incredibly muscular	muscular	ADJ	.	PUNCT	.
The PlayStation was immediately successful in the U.S., in part due to a massive advertising campaign and strong third party support engendered by Sony's excellent development tools and liberal $10 licensing fee. Sony's success was further aided by a price war in which Sega lowered	lowered	VERB	the	DET	 the
Tobin's music has been used in several major motion pictures including The Italian Job and 21. He has also produced tracks for a number of independent films, such as The Last Minute, and has created production music for the BMG Zomba commercial library which is used	used	VERB	in	ADP	 in
According to Prof. Nick Priest of Middlesex University, an environmental toxicologist and radiation expert, speaking on Sky News on December 3, 2006, Litvinenko was probably the first person to die of the acute α radiation effects of 210Po. Abnormally high concentrations of 210Po were detected	detected	VERB	in	ADP	 in
The season ends during Monica and Chandler ’ s wedding where Phoebe and Rachel find a positive pregnancy test in the bathroom. In the eighth season, it is revealed that the positive pregnancy test found at Monica's wedding belongs to Rachel. Phoebe at first tricks Rachel	Rachel	PROPN	and	CCONJ	 and
A 1996 study concluded that between 6,000 and 21,000 pallid sturgeon remained in their natural habitat at that time. Six areas were studied for wild pallid sturgeon population estimates and recovery recommendations by the United States Fish and Wildlife Service (USFWS) between 1990, when the species	species	NOUN	was	AUX	 was
Wambach provided the assist with a header off a long thrown in to Lori Chalupny who settled it off her chest and chipped the ball past Nigeria's goalkeeper. The win launched the U.S. to the quarterfinals. During the quarterfinal match against England on September 22, 2007	2007	NUM	,	PUNCT	,
Ken Capobianco of the Boston Globe said that " Say Aah " was one of the " popping tracks " which parent album Ready was built around. Commenting on the song's lyrics, Chris Ryan of MTV Buzzworthy stated that, " Its over abundance of hooks (	(	PUNCT	'	PUNCT	'
Songs such as the title track and " Father, Spirit, Jesus " have worshipful lyrics while others such as " Stained Glass Masquerade " note the inability of church congregations to share their burdens openly. " Does Anybody Hear Her " condemns the church's focus on	on	ADP	judging	VERB	 judging
The turnaround of the Buffalo program brought acclaim to Bulls head coach Turner Gill, who had taken over the team in 2007. Comparatively, Connecticut was an afterthought heading into the game. Pre bowl coverage of UConn focused on NCAA rushing leader Donald Brown, who was	was	AUX	considering	VERB	 considering
Rather than use his Friar Park studio, Harrison recorded the album at a facility he admitted to finding " technically limiting ", since he was in Los Angeles overseeing projects by his various Dark Horse acts when studio time became available, following the cancellation of sessions for	for	ADP	Splinter	PROPN	 Splinter
These tools are a symbol of the League — " the walking Anarchists who patrolled the world on foot, the world's protection agency. " The three member team is composed of Edward Tolby, his daughter, Silvia Tolby (of unspecified age, but vaguely described	described	VERB	as	ADP	 as
" Industrialist Joseph Wharton had a near monopoly on the mining of nickel in the United States and sought to promote its use in coinage. He was also highly influential in Congress. His friends there, though they had failed to obtain the metal's use for the	the	DET	two	NUM	 two
His platoon was suffering severely and the advance of the Company was stopped by machine gun fire from a " Pill box " post. Single handed Sjt. McGee rushed the post armed only with a revolver. He shot some of the crew and captured the rest,	,	PUNCT	and	CCONJ	 and
The 2nd Shock Army forced its way through the II Army Corps divisional headquarters and artillery positions along the Emajõgi. The Army Detachment " Narwa " and the XXVIII Army Corps, the northernmost elements of Army Group North, were at risk of being encircled and destroyed.	.	PUNCT	The	DET	 The
The episode was partially filmed on location in Moscow, the first time in series history where filming took place outside the United Kingdom. After its original broadcast, the episode attracted almost six million viewers; although it won its time slot, the episode was down by	by	ADP	over	ADP	 over
A Lock Haven log boom, smaller than but otherwise similar to the Susquehanna Boom at Williamsport, was constructed in 1849. Large cribs of timbers weighted with tons of stone were arranged in the pool behind the Dunnstown Dam, named for a settlement on the shore opposite	opposite	ADJ	Lock	PROPN	 Lock
The design is meant to reinforce the " home and school " atmosphere that dates back to the Cottage School, with child sized classrooms, ten working fireplaces, draperies, and other home like details. Decorative tiles designed by Henry Chapman Mercer — one of the leading	leading	VERB	figures	NOUN	 figures
The brief existence of the Viceroyalty of the Rio de la Plata, which had lasted barely 38 years, impeded the consolidation of a patriotic feeling and failed to bring a sense of community to all of the population. The new country of Argentina lacked an established concept	concept	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
A lookalike species of Hygrophorus eburneus is H. piceae, which differs by having a less slimy cap, dry to slightly viscid stem, and frequent association with spruce. H. gliocyclus is just as slimy, but has a cream colored cap, thicker stalk, and grows	grows	VERB	with	ADP	 with
Like biochemistry, the overlapping disciplines of bacteriology and virology (later combined as microbiology), situated between science and medicine, developed rapidly in the early 20th century. Félix d'Herelle's isolation of bacteriophage during World War I initiated a long line of research focused on phage	phage	NOUN	viruses	NOUN	 viruses
An observer in the antumbra, the area of shadow beyond the umbra, will see an annular eclipse. The Moon's orbit around the Earth is inclined at an angle of just over 5 degrees to the plane of the Earth's orbit around the Sun (the	the	DET	ecliptic	NOUN	 ecliptic
The Roman Catholic Archdiocese of Boston serves nearly 300 parishes and is based in the Cathedral of the Holy Cross (1875) in the South End, while the Episcopal Diocese of Massachusetts, with the Cathedral Church of St. Paul (1819) as its episcopal seat,	,	PUNCT	serves	VERB	 serves
' " In October 2014, Feige said the opportunity " certainly " exists for characters in the Netflix series to appear in Avengers: Infinity War. In March 2015, Loeb spoke on the ability for the Netflix series to crossover with the films and the ABC series	series	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
His flourishing law practice was sited opposite Parliament House in Edinburgh. He became Dean of the Faculty of Advocates in 1722 and was elevated to the bench, becoming Lord Pitfour, in 1764. Pitfour was described as one of the greatest lawyers in the country. However	However	ADV	,	PUNCT	,
He will use irony, artifice, caprice, imagination and arbitrariness to engineer poetically satisfying possibilities; he is not so much interested in the act of seduction as in willfully creating its interesting possibility. The Seducer is very reminiscent of Goethe's Faust Part 1, Scene	Scene	PROPN	VII	PROPN	 VII
Require that if a school official assigned a black pupil to a white school, that official would be suspended and the governor would become the agent of the Assembly. Give the governor the authority to investigate assignment of black pupils to white schools, and ask black students	students	NOUN	to	PART	 to
Having a lot of missing gaps in the final product, he and editor Kevin Greutert created shots to mend together during editing; such as making a shot look like a surveillance camera feed and using still photographs. " We did a lot of things to fill in	in	ADP	gaps	NOUN	 gaps
At the start of the 2005 – 06 season, Milner scored in Newcastle's 3 – 1 away win against FK ZTS Dubnica in the UEFA Intertoto Cup, and also set up Alan Shearer for the team's third goal. His good run of form in this	this	DET	competition	NOUN	 competition
Lucas M. Thomas of IGN wrote that a major fan complaint was the character's strength in the games, which made him one of the strongest opponents despite an apparent lack of effort. According to Thomas, Ash is " nothing if not strange " and the writer	writer	NOUN	lamented	VERB	 lamented
Alan Clayson describes " What Is Life " as a seemingly " lovey dovey pop song " that " craftily renewed the simplistic tonic to dominant riff cliché ", while Simon Leng credits Harrison's " innate ability to write very fine pop rock songs " and deems the	the	DET	result	NOUN	 result
The mushroom is common in western North America, particularly the Pacific Northwest, the Rocky Mountains and the Cascade mountains. It has been reported in four US states: South Dakota, California, Washington and Wyoming, but is not known in Oregon. It is also	also	ADV	found	VERB	 found
Originally named " Everton F.C. and Athletic Grounds Ltd " (Everton Athletic for short), the club became Liverpool F.C. in March 1892 and gained official recognition three months later, after The Football Association refused to recognise the club as Everton. The team won the Lancashire	Lancashire	PROPN	League	PROPN	 League
The Organ section is fully polyphonic. The Piano section uses samples of acoustic and electromechanical pianos. The Stage's 128 MB of internal memory allow multiple sample sets to be installed. While additional sampled piano sets are available as free downloads from Clavia's website, the	the	DET	Stage	NOUN	 Stage
With an abundance in the Earth's crust comparable to that of platinum, tellurium is one of the rarest stable solid elements in the Earth's crust. Its abundance is about 1 µg / kg. In comparison, even the rarest of the lanthanides have crustal abundances	abundances	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
Wisden observed that he had " given yet another exhibition of his wonderful batsmanship on tricky turf... Hutton thrashed the fast bowlers majestically and played the turning or lifting ball with the ease of a master craftsman. " However, the team were bowled out for 122 and	and	CCONJ	Australia	PROPN	 Australia
She renames the business ' Daphne's ' and despite an initial struggle, the coffee shop soon begins making a profit. Daphne gets back together with Shane and they become engaged, but she starts to have doubts about whether she is moving on too quickly. When	When	SCONJ	Des	PROPN	 Des
His position as judge of the tenth judicial district was assumed by two judges: William Brockinbough and John Scott. White remained paralyzed for the remainder of his life. On July 1, 1825, White gave power of attorney to his son, John Baker White,	,	PUNCT	for	ADP	 for
He travels to Outworld to seek vengeance for the death of his Shaolin monastery brothers. Raiden (played by Carlos Pesina), thunder god who returns to Mortal Kombat to stop Kahn's evil plans of taking Earthrealm for his own. Reptile (played by Daniel Pesina	Pesina	PROPN	)	PUNCT	)
Fly on the Wall, produced by the Young brothers in 1985, was also regarded as uninspired and directionless. A music concept video of the same name featured the band at a bar, playing five of the album's ten songs. In 1986, the group	group	NOUN	returned	VERB	 returned
Her performances in the ODI series were less eye catching, but a half century in the first match helped her finish second to Laura Newton as England's leading run scorer. Taylor competed in the State League for the second consecutive year in early 2004, and finished	finished	VERB	with	ADP	 with
Harvard had the better record against common foes, Florida State and UCF (2 – 0 versus 1 – 1). Connecticut won the teams ' previous meeting at Harry A. Gampel Pavilion in 2009 by a score of 79 – 73 as the 2009 10 Huskies (	(	PUNCT	then	ADV	then
The following morning, the remaining four were dragged to the Old Palace Yard at Westminster, opposite the building they had planned to destroy. Thomas was the first to mount the scaffold. It was customary to grant the condemned a speech, but Thomas, " a	a	DET	very	ADV	 very
She attended the school for four years and founded a short lived rap group called Sweet ' n ' Sour with Juliette Ashby, her childhood friend before seeking full time training at Sylvia Young Theatre School. Winehouse was allegedly expelled at 14 for " not applying herself "	"	PUNCT	and	CCONJ	 and
The St Kilda forward registered a six goal haul against Geelong in round eight, helping to secure an away win, and scored 23 goals in the last six matches, including five in each of the last three matches. However, St Kilda won only one of	of	ADP	these	DET	 these
In October 1901, Alexander married Mary Mason, his first wife's niece. Alexander was selected to give the Confederate veteran's speech on Alumni Day during the centennial celebration at the United States Military Academy on June 9, 1902. The speech was so well received	received	VERB	that	SCONJ	 that
Which set up the six person mixed tag team match, in which they lost to Marella, Melina and Phoenix. Massaro replaced Candice Michelle, who was out with an injury, in the Playboy Bunnymania Lumberjack match at WrestleMania XXIV teaming up with Maria, losing to	to	ADP	Beth	PROPN	 Beth
Excited at the prospect of being in an Indiana Jones film, LaBeouf agreed without reading the script and did not know what character he would play. He later gained fifteen pounds of muscle for the role, and also repeatedly watched the other films to acquire character.	.	PUNCT	LaBeouf	PROPN	 LaBeouf
As was typical of most films of that era released both as a " road show " (in Cinerama format in the case of Space Odyssey) and subsequently put into general release (in seventy millimetre in the case of Odyssey), the entrance music, intermission	intermission	NOUN	music	NOUN	 music
In the Fifth Test at the Melbourne Cricket Ground, he hit 153 to break Archie Jackson's record for the youngest Australian to make a Test century. The innings ensured him a place on the 1948 Invincibles tour of England as the youngest member of the 17 man	man	NOUN	squad	NOUN	 squad
Sonia Murray of The Atlanta Journal and The Atlanta Constitution said of the track, " ' Ghosts ' pounds with funk until Jackson's weak vocals come in. Anthony Violanti of The Buffalo News said " Ghosts "... [is] programmed plastic soul that makes you	you	PRON	wonder	VERB	 wonder
An example of a practical constant velocity generator is a lightly loaded powerful machine, such as a motor, driving a belt. This is analogous to a real voltage source, such as a battery, which remains near constant voltage with load provided that the load resistance	resistance	NOUN	is	AUX	 is
This 8 – game winning streak is still the longest winning streak for either side in the series, which is commonly referred to as " The Drought " by UGA football fans. Dodd would finish his career with a 12 – 10 record against the Bulldogs. By	By	ADP	the	DET	 the
She would have us in one room, we would start collaborating with one producer, then she would go and start something else with another producer. We would bounce around to the different rooms and work with the different producers. It was definitely a factory type of	of	ADP	process	NOUN	 process
These sentiments, according to the Irish philosopher poet Thomas Duddy, " rendered much of the Shavian outlook passé and contemptible ". " Creative evolution ", Shaw's version of the new science of eugenics, became an increasing theme in his political writing after 1900.	.	PUNCT	He	PRON	 He
However, the point where the Red River crossed this line was not marked until 1823, when Stephen Long conducted a survey expedition. The expedition determined, among other things, that the fur trading post of Pembina lay just inside the U.S. border. Several efforts were	were	AUX	made	VERB	 made
Traumatic SAH (tSAH) usually occurs near the site of a skull fracture or intracerebral contusion. It usually happens in the setting of other forms of traumatic brain injury and has been linked with a poorer prognosis. It is unclear, however, if this is a	a	DET	direct	ADJ	 direct
The game spread to Spain during the 19th century, brought back by Spanish troops who returned from missions in Italy. As the popularity of the game increased, its name was modified over time by Spanish speakers, who started calling the game Tute. The game became	became	VERB	one	NUM	 one
Scrutiny of the May 1993 firings of the White House Travel Office employees, an affair that became known as " Travelgate ", began with charges that the White House had used audited financial irregularities in the Travel Office operation as an excuse to replace the staff with friends	friends	NOUN	from	ADP	 from
The delay and changes occurred so that the group could obtain permission to use the samples or use replacements. Five singles were released on the album, " Electricity ", " Frontier Psychiatrist ", " Since I Left You ", " Radio " and " A	A	DET	Different	ADJ	 Different
Frank ordered his crew to bail out but was unable to save himself. He received posthumous promotion to Leutnant (second lieutenant) and was awarded the Knight's Cross of the Iron Cross with Oak Leaves. Frank was born on 19 August 1920 in Karlsruhe Grünwinkel in	in	ADP	what	PRON	 what
On encountering her new family she observed that Maria, then aged five, was exhibiting behavioural problems, and expressed her views that speedy and consistent punishment were the keys to ensuring good behaviour in children, a view she proceeded to practice. However she believed that such	such	ADJ	discipline	NOUN	 discipline
Completed in 1809 when Ireland was part of the United Kingdom, it survived until March 1966, when it was severely damaged by explosives planted by Irish republicans. Its remnants were later destroyed by the Irish Army. The decision to build the monument was taken by Dublin	Dublin	PROPN	Corporation	PROPN	 Corporation
It was from here Dundas gained his first victory of the Battle of Britain, in a phase known as the Kanalkampf. On 13 July, as section leader, Dundas led a patrol over a convoy. Failing to find the convoy the Spitfires engaged German aircraft at	at	ADP	15,000	NUM	 15,000
He felt that none of the songs on Shin shiro were " big catchy numbers ", but felt that this was beneficial for the musical flow. Eremenko, however, criticized the album for being " too lightweight ". For the leading single " Sen to Rei	Rei	PROPN	"	PUNCT	 "
Marathi traditions tell that Khandoba came originally from Premapuri, now Pember in Karnataka, then went to Naldurg, Pali and finally to Jejuri. Sontheimer suggests that the cult of Mailara may have originated in Pember and then spread to Maharashtra, merging with the cult of Khandaka	Khandaka	PROPN	—	PUNCT	 —
Jackson's music video for " If " was staged as a futuristic Asian nightclub, with spy cameras monitoring the intimate interactions of patrons within their private boudoirs. The video is an elaborate metaphor for the single's message of sexual fantasy, desire and voyeurism. The	The	DET	video	NOUN	 video
With the legendary goalkeeper Ever Hugo Almeida, Gabriel González, Adriano Samaniego, and star Raul Vicente Amarilla, a rejuvenated decano boasted a formidable side that promised a return to the glory days of the late 1970s. After coming up short in 1989 against Atlético Nacional,	,	PUNCT	Olimpia	PROPN	 Olimpia
" Amundsen Scott South Pole Station ". Office of Polar Programs. National Science Foundation. 27 April 2009. Retrieved 16 October 2011. Barr, William (1985). " Aleksandr Stepanovich Kuchin: The Russian who went South with Amundsen ". Polar Record (	(	PUNCT	Cambridge	PROPN	Cambridge
The population count slowly declined for the remainder of the 1980s before rising to a high of 3,113 in 1996; nevertheless, the population declined in the late 1990s during the U.S.-Canada softwood lumber dispute when several mills either scaled back production or closed. According to the 2006	2006	NUM	Canadian	ADJ	 Canadian
Saint Remaclus founded the Abbey of Stavelot on the Amblève river circa 650 on lands occupying the border between the bishoprics of Cologne and Tongeren, this territory previously having been part of the Frankish Carolingian Empire. A charter of Sigebert III, king of Austrasia entrusted Remaclus with	with	ADP	both	DET	 both
Her name was the last to be written in the Queen's seventy year old journal. 25 May 1846 – 5 July 1866: Her Royal Highness The Princess Helena, Princess of Saxe Coburg and Gotha, Duchess of Saxony 5 July 1866 – 17 July 1917:	:	PUNCT	Her	PRON	 Her
She debuted on screen during the episode broadcast on 31 July 1986 and was created by writer Ray Kolle. Jones originally auditioned for the role of Charlene Mitchell (Kylie Minogue), but she was not successful. This prompted Jones to telephone the producers for two months	months	NOUN	asking	VERB	 asking
In DSM IV TR the inhibited form is described as persistent failure to initiate or respond in a developmentally appropriate fashion to most social interactions, as manifest by excessively inhibited, hypervigilant, or highly ambivalent and contradictory responses (e.g., the child may respond to caregivers with	with	ADP	a	DET	 a
Similar comments on the cast were woven by Veja magazine, which also commended " the feeling of terror. " Santoro and Camilo, as well as the other patient actors, were praised by Marcelo Forlani of Omelete who said, " It's hard to believe that	that	SCONJ	the	DET	 the
Irwansyah writes that Bramantyo intended for viewers to think of the religious conflicts that happen daily, and how to deal with differences in culture and beliefs, while Bramantyo has called the film his own personal interpretation of the country's religious situation. The film critic Eric Sasono	Sasono	PROPN	noted	VERB	 noted
Instead, the Court cited UK authorities holding that ouster clauses are ineffective when there has been an absence of jurisdiction or an excess of jurisdiction on the part of the decision maker, a position which characterized the law prior to Anisminic. The Court did refer to Anisminic	Anisminic	PROPN	but	CCONJ	 but
Composer Philip Glass composes the avant garde musical score for the non denominational Christmas play. Stone and Parker both strongly dislike Glass; Parker, who was a music major in college, said, " I really thought you could basically tell a third grader to sit down	down	ADP	at	ADP	 at
On 25 July of the same year, the parliament passed several constitutional amendments, including amendment LXXI, which created the position of President and Vice Presidents. The Christmas Constitution, passed on 22 December 1990, established the government as a semi presidential system and called for	for	ADP	presidential	ADJ	 presidential
At the same time, 3Live Kru were having unity problems in the narrative. In February 2005, B.G. James ' former tag team partner Monty Sopp, now under the moniker " The Outlaw ", debuted at TNA's Against All Odds PPV event. In the	the	DET	weeks	NOUN	 weeks
Blanton Collier, an assistant who took over as the team's head coach after Paul Brown's firing in 1963, said Motley " had no equal as a blocker. He could run with anybody for 30 yards or so. And this man was a great,	,	PUNCT	great	ADJ	 great
Eulogies were given by former British Prime Minister Margaret Thatcher, former Canadian Prime Minister Brian Mulroney, and both former President George H. W. Bush and President George W. Bush. Also in attendance were Mikhail Gorbachev, and many world leaders, including British Prime Minister Tony Blair	Blair	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
" Hibs played on The Meadows for the first two years of their history, before moving to grounds in Newington (Mayfield Park) and Bonnington Road, Leith (Powderhall), in different spells between 1877 and 1879. After the lease on Mayfield Park expired,	,	PUNCT	Hibs	PROPN	 Hibs
That year, Buczynski decided to stop using his flat as a covenstead, which he moved to the Earth Star Temple, the back room of The Magickal Childe, Herman Slater's new shop. In 1980, Buczynski and Muto went on a package holiday to Greece	Greece	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
With these albums came a story that was written by Taylor that coincide with the album. Fans can also construct a miniature " house of gold and bones " from the packaging design of the physical versions of the two albums. Taylor has also said that he would	would	AUX	like	VERB	 like
The 2009 season proved to be a progressive one for the club, starting with the completion of the stadium and ending with a second place finish and qualification to the Europa League under the management of Michael O'Neill. Tallaght Stadium hosted the highest attendances in the League of	of	ADP	Ireland	PROPN	 Ireland
The sets include brief audio commentaries by various crew and cast members for several episodes, a collection of deleted scenes and animatics, a special mini feature which discussed the process behind animating " And Then There Were Fewer ", a mini feature entitled " The Comical Adventures	Adventures	PROPN	of	ADP	 of
The entire council is headed by the President of the Legislative Council who serves as the speaker. Judges are appointed by the Chief Executive on the recommendation of an independent commission. The implementation of the Basic Law, including how and when the universal suffrage promised therein is	is	AUX	to	PART	 to
A personal highlight for Federer came near the end of the season when he finally won his hometown tournament the Swiss Indoors in Basel, Switzerland. In 2007, Federer reached all four Grand Slam singles finals, winning three of them again. He won the Australian Open	Open	PROPN	over	ADP	 over
is " a straight up album of songs... with key changes and a live band playing them " with more emphasis " on songs than the arrangement ". According to Rhys " nobody brought samplers into the studio, so there's far less electronics than on a	a	DET	lot	NOUN	 lot
There, Washington was one of the four co founders of the National Society of the Daughters of the American Revolution (with Mary Desha, Mary Smith Lockwood, and Ellen Hardin Walworth). Washington had reportedly been inspired by her experiences during the American Civil War to	to	PART	found	VERB	 found
Desha's hostility for Transylvania and Holley worsened when, in the aftermath of the Isaac Desha trial, a student at Transylvania delivered a speech critical of the governor in the university's chapel. Although Holley was present for the speech, Transylvania historian John D. Wright,	,	PUNCT	Jr.	PROPN	 Jr.
Production was set to begin in summer 2007 in European locations for a summer 2008 release. In November 2006, the release date for it was set for May 23, 2008. Producer Joel Silver described Speed Racer as a family film in line with the Wachowskis '	'	PART	goal	NOUN	 goal
Seeing their struggles influenced his life and business career. In Salt Lake City, Romney worked while attending Roosevelt Junior High School and, beginning in 1922, Latter day Saints High School. There he played halfback in football, guard in basketball, and right field in	in	ADP	baseball	NOUN	 baseball
Archie Comics has made an adaptation of Sonic Unleashed featuring the opening cutscene and Sonic's transformation into the Werehog. A short 3D animated film was released on November 21, 2008, entitled Sonic: Night of the Werehog, which tells the story of two male ghosts	ghosts	NOUN	who	PRON	 who
Stone said the society ’ s general agent, Samuel May, Jr., reproached her for speaking on women ’ s rights at an antislavery meeting, and she replied: “ I was a woman before I was an abolitionist. I must speak for women. ”	”	PUNCT	Three	NUM	 Three
Brownhills holds an annual canal festival in June with stalls, entertainment and boat trips, and there is an active Community Association which organises a range of events, including a weekend long military display event in 2006. The town has a weekly market which is popular but	but	CCONJ	suffers	VERB	 suffers
A thin skin (or epicarp), which can be either smooth or spiny, covers the fleshy mesocarp, which is typically orange and sweet. The mesocarp of A. horrida has one of the highest reported carotene contents of any plant product and is also rich in	in	ADP	protein	NOUN	 protein
The conversion work began on 9 January and Centaur was commissioned as an Australian Hospital Ship on 1 March. During her conversion, Centaur was painted with the markings of a hospital ship as detailed in Article 5 of the tenth Hague Convention of 1907 (" Adaptation to	to	ADP	Maritime	PROPN	 Maritime
ABC's Ted Koppel reflected on the media's role in the tragedy on Nightline: " We need to begin by acknowledging our own contribution... We feed one another: those of you looking for publicity and those of us looking for stories. " Koppel ended by	by	ADP	asking	VERB	 asking
Brown had already been an Eisner fan, but this book was different, " something that wasn't about a character with a mask on his face ". He started drawing in a more underground style, and submitting work to Raw, Last Gasp and Fantagraphics.	.	PUNCT	The	DET	 The
The episode has subsequently been met with mixed critical responses, facing criticism for its abrupt deus ex machina ending. Academic analysis of the episode has placed it within a science fiction tradition that attributes a powerful, supernatural element to physical contact with aliens. It has also	also	ADV	been	AUX	 been
Halo 2's soundtrack was composed primarily by Martin O'Donnell and his musical partner Michael Salvatori, the team that had composed the critically acclaimed music of Halo. O'Donnell noted in composing the music for Halo 2 that " Making a sequel is never a simple proposition. You	You	PRON	want	VERB	 want
During that lap Barrichello overtook Frentzen for seventh, whilst Verstappen and Fisichella collided after the Arrows driver tried to pass the slowing Benetton at the Bus Stop chicane. Verstappen had front wing damage, and Fisichella later retired with an electrical problem. By the beginning of lap	lap	NOUN	13	NUM	 13
For example, once common guillemot chicks fledge, they remain with the male parent for several months at sea. The frigatebirds have the longest period of parental care of any bird except a few raptors and the southern ground hornbill, with each chick fledging after four to	to	PART	six	NUM	 six
Dragons of equal size may resort to " wrestling ". Losers usually retreat, though they have been known to be killed and eaten by victors. The Komodo dragon's diet is wide ranging, and includes invertebrates, other reptiles (including smaller Komodo dragons),	,	PUNCT	birds	NOUN	 birds
At the time of publication Wellek and Warren considered Theory of Literature unparalleled in English language publications, an attempt to unite literary theory, criticism, history, and scholarship. Although they noted a similarity to existing German and Russian works, the authors considered those earlier works	works	VERB	"	PUNCT	 "
The storm slowly intensified and reached its peak intensity of 60 mph (95 km / h) on May 29. Rapid weakening took place as the storm approached land. By late on May 30, Arlene made landfall near Lafayette, Louisiana with winds of 45 mph	mph	NOUN	(	PUNCT	 (
In contrast, a number of art historians have noted that his mother's portrait contains bland passages, especially around the eyes and may be a near contemporary copy of a lost original. Lotte Brand Philip believes the clumsiness in the mother panel indicated that Dürer painted it	it	PRON	first	ADV	 first
A stamp picturing Ramanujan was released by the Government of India in 1962 – the 75th anniversary of Ramanujan's birth – commemorating his achievements in the field of number theory, and a new design was issued on 26 December 2011, by the India Post. Since Ramanujan	Ramanujan	PROPN	's	PART	's
The 2nd Army's command structure fell apart as Bagration was evacuated from the battlefield and the report of him being hit quickly spread and caused morale collapse. Napoleon, who had been sick with a cold and was too far from the action to really observe what was	was	AUX	going	VERB	 going
With one quarter remaining in the game and neither team having scored in the third quarter, the score remained 28 – 13. Virginia Tech began the fourth quarter in possession of the ball with a first down at its 30 yard line. The Hokie drive fizzled,	,	PUNCT	as	SCONJ	 as
All artificial crimes should be abolished. When fantastic restrictions disappear, the greater freedom of the individual will itself teach him to avoid acts, which really restrict natural rights. Thus real crime will diminish automatically. Mitchell demonstrated that Thelema was a religion and created an oath	oath	NOUN	that	PRON	 that
That year, she published two novels: Dimsum Terakhir (The Last Dim Sum) and Utukki: Sayap Para Dewa (Utukki: Wings of the Gods). The following year Ng published another two novels, Tiga Venus (Three Venuses) and Gerhana Kembar (	(	PUNCT	Twin	PROPN	Twin
Bouck later said: Suddenly, without warning, a barrage of artillery registered at about 0530 hours and continued until about 0700 hours. The artillery was relentless and frightening, but not devastating. Much landed short, wide and long of our position, and mostly tree	tree	NOUN	bursts	NOUN	 bursts
An abbey erected in Bihar County (now Sâniob, Romania) was named after and dedicated to the veneration of the Holy Dexter. Why is it, brothers, that his other limbs having become disjointed and, his flesh having been reduced to dust, wholly separated	separated	VERB	,	PUNCT	,
In the house fight sequence, where Robert Downey Jr. staggers around tipsy, we used some of the practical suit and extended it digitally. Same thing in the Randy's Donuts scene. But in the rest of the film, we used the CG suit entirely.	.	PUNCT	And	CCONJ	 And
The judge dismissed the fact that the Registrar had held meetings with her senior officers and had taken extended periods of time to make a decision, holding that these did not show she had given genuine consideration to Komoco's case as " the passing of time [did	did	AUX	]	X	]
Sattler assists the park's game warden, Robert Muldoon, in a search for survivors, but they only find an injured Malcolm before the Tyrannosaurus returns. Grant, Tim, and Lex spend the night in a tree, and befriend a Brachiosaurus. Later, they	they	PRON	discover	VERB	 discover
Muncy Creek then turns northeast, crossing Pennsylvania Route 405 and turns southwest, crossing Interstate 180. The creek then receives the tributary Wolf Run and immediately afterwards empties into the West Branch Susquehanna River. Muncy Creek joins the West Branch Susquehanna River is 27.88 miles (44.87	44.87	NUM	km	NOUN	 km
The next day, it made landfall in Peravia Province in the Dominican Republic. After crossing the country and exiting into the Atlantic Ocean, the depression accelerated to the northeast, followed by an eastward turn on October 10 before another turn to the northeast. By October	October	PROPN	12	NUM	 12
The broken wing symbolizes the voluntary sacrifice and death. The naked body symbolizes Eros, the most important god of the ancient Thespians, a god of creation, beauty and life. The monument to the Thespians is placed beside the one to the Spartans. Herodotus '	'	PART	colorful	ADJ	 colorful
Tribute extracted from the neighbors and war booty added to the royal treasury, giving rise to the saying that " the peasants were like nobles, the nobles like princes, and the princes like kings. " With this prosperity came an outburst of the distinct Georgian culture	culture	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
However, Rodes beat Schurz to Oak Hill, so the XI Corps division was forced to take up positions in the broad plain north of the town, below and to the east of Oak Hill. They linked up with the I Corps reserve division of Brig.	.	PUNCT	Gen.	PROPN	 Gen.
Later, on 2 September 1999, Rossiter sent a second letter. Kitchman said she spoke to Arthurworrey about this, but Arthurworrey denied this again. Arthurworrey made a visit to Climbié's home on 16 August 1999 and another one when Manning began forcing Climbié to sleep	sleep	VERB	in	ADP	 in
" We realized that there are things connecting the songs across three albums, like an invisible hand was guiding us. It does feel like we've been able to create three distinct worlds for each album, and yet have them be interconnected. " The title was	was	AUX	taken	VERB	 taken
The historian David Knowles said of Bethune that he was a man of wide outlook, with a great desire for reform. He was praised by contemporaries for the care with which he selected men to serve as clergy in his diocese. He also held synods in his	his	PRON	diocese	NOUN	 diocese
This is no longer considered credible and Hubert, today, is credited with very few works. By 1912 the painting had been definitively attributed to Jan in the museum catalogue. Attempts to date it have undergone similar shifts of opinion. In the 19th century the panel	panel	NOUN	was	AUX	 was
Desha and Sharp had been colleagues in Congress, and Desha re appointed Sharp as attorney general. The Relief faction in the legislature passed several measures favorable to debtors, but the Kentucky Court of Appeals struck them down as unconstitutional. Unable to muster the votes to remove	remove	VERB	the	DET	 the
Pascal Raffy is the current owner. Watch making was introduced to Fleurier by Daniel Jean Jacques Henri Vaucher, an apprentice of Daniel Jaenrichard, in 1730. At the time the area was known for metal working, a natural result of the iron deposits discovered locally in	in	ADP	the	DET	 the
The anime aired in Japan between July 5 and September 27, 2015. An original video animation episode was released in March 2016. Two manga series are serialized in ASCII Media Works ' Dengeki G's Comic. The story takes place in an alternate reality where a	a	DET	small	ADJ	 small
Because the school is usually over subscribed, priority is given to students in Local Authority Care in the first instance. Students are then ranked according to their aggregate scores in the Eleven Plus, and the distance from a students home to the school (as the crow	crow	NOUN	flies	NOUN	 flies
The conflict led to a fist fight between the two on April 21, 2014, in a team practice on the eve of the team's second game of the first round of the 2014 NBA Playoffs. Stephenson has a reputation for irritating people however. Less than	than	ADP	a	DET	 a
Promoted to temporary captain on 1 June 1918, Howell led a party of three machines out on patrol eight days later. The trio spotted a formation of six Austrian scout planes and went in to attack; Howell shot down two of the aircraft. Later that month	month	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
Growth that depletes ecosystem services is sometimes termed " uneconomic growth " as it leads to a decline in quality of life. Minimizing such growth can provide opportunities for local businesses. For example, industrial waste can be treated as an " economic resource in the wrong place	place	NOUN	"	PUNCT	 "
" He said the director and producers wanted an " old school, hands off, lo fi approach to the visual effects " so that the horror elements would not overpower the storyline. Based on the script, MPC similarly came to the same conclusion and " provided	provided	VERB	a	DET	 a
The song was also included on the 1990 compilation album The Immaculate Collection and the two disc edition of her 2009 compilation Celebration. " Cherish " is a doo wop style pop shuffle song and opened the second side of Like a Prayer. It begins with the sound	sound	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
There were four tracks past the station, in addition to two track to the cargo area. The cargo building had room for three wagons. The locomotive depot had places for six steam locomotives. The restaurant was converted into housing in the 1950s, and in May	May	PROPN	1970	NUM	 1970
He sought $15 million in aid from the Inter American Development Bank. The country's government handled relief efforts through its Red Cross and federal and non governmental organizations. The government of Cuba issued an appeal to the United Nations Office for the Coordination of Humanitarian Affairs	Affairs	PROPN	for	ADP	 for
Prime Minister William Lyon Mackenzie King had invited Macdonald to run for federal office during the general election of 1935. Although Macdonald turned him down, there were strong rumours in 1937 that Macdonald would soon enter federal politics. Biographer Stephen Henderson writes however, that Macdonald wanted	wanted	VERB	to	PART	 to
" Andrew Burgess from musicOMH wrote that on the song the singer " oozes swagger. " Melinda Newman of HitFix used " Take It Off " as an example of Kesha's songwriting, noting that tracks which weren't over thought were " fine ". Newman wrote	wrote	VERB	that	SCONJ	 that
Spang also owns an old Western ghost town, named Spectreville, restored to be his own private holiday retreat. At the hotel Bond finally receives payment through a rigged blackjack game where the dealer is Tiffany. After winning the money he is owed he disobeys his orders	orders	NOUN	from	ADP	 from
Time magazine's Richard Corliss calls Piccadilly Wong's best film, and The Guardian reports that the rediscovery of this film and Wong's performance in it has been responsible for a restoration of the actress ' reputation. While in London, Wong was romantically linked with writer	writer	NOUN	and	CCONJ	 and
They also feature metallic facades and aesthetic curves, but they are said to be more refined, reduced and dynamic than much of his other work. Since the 1960s, Gehry has made artistic use of scaled animals such as fish and snakes, which first appeared in	in	ADP	his	PRON	 his
Oldham is however known to be a derivative of Aldehulme, undoubtedly an Old Norse name. It is believed to be derived from the Old English ald combined with the Old Norse holmi or holmr, meaning " promontory or outcrop ", possibly describing the town's hilltop	hilltop	NOUN	position	NOUN	 position
Recording in France also enabled the band to get away from distractions such as " clean [ing] the house ". Additional recording took place at Rockfield Studios, Monmouth while string instruments were recorded at Metropolis Studios, London. After working with producer Mario Caldato Jr.	Jr.	PROPN	on	ADP	 on
2 of 1959). Singapore: Printed at the Government Printing Office. State Arms & Flag of Singapore. Singapore: Publicity Division, Ministry of Culture. 1977. Crampton, William (1992). The World of Flags: A Pictorial History (Rev. ed	ed	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
Sviatoslav's appearance has been described very clearly by Leo the Deacon, who himself attended the meeting of Sviatoslav with John I Tzimiskes. Following Deacon's memories, Sviatoslav was a blue eyed male of average height but of stalwart build, much more sturdy than Tzimiskes.	.	PUNCT	He	PRON	 He
However, the most common explanation is that Kirilenko grew estranged was because of his weakened position within the Collective leadership. Kirilenko led the Soviet delegation to the December 1977 MPLA Party Congress. At this congress, MPLA officially subscribed to the doctrine of Marxist Leninism. This	This	DET	congress	PROPN	 congress
In 2002, Pope John Paul II canonized Escrivá, and called him " the saint of ordinary life. " Criticism of Opus Dei has centered on allegations of secretiveness, controversial recruiting methods, strict rules governing members, elitism and misogyny, and support of or participation	participation	NOUN	in	ADP	 in
In July 2012, Manchester United was ranked first by Forbes magazine in its list of the ten most valuable sports team brands, valuing the Manchester United brand at $2.23 billion. The club is ranked third in the Deloitte Football Money League (behind Real Madrid and	and	CCONJ	Barcelona	PROPN	 Barcelona
Elsewhere in the gorge the state bought land abandoned by lumber companies, sometimes for less than $2 per acre ($5 per ha). Except for the adjoining Colton Point State Park, this land became the Tioga State Forest, which was officially established in	in	ADP	1925	NUM	 1925
Mido was linked with a move to A.S. Roma in late May, with Roma chairman Franco Sensi stating " I want Mido ", but Ajax revealed they wanted €15 million for him. Ajax turned down a loan move from Real Betis for Mido in June.	.	PUNCT	Marseille	PROPN	 Marseille
In the early 1880s, Rockefeller created one of his most important innovations. Rather than try to influence the price of crude oil directly, Standard Oil had been exercising indirect control by altering oil storage charges to suit market conditions. Rockefeller then ordered the issuance of certificates	certificates	NOUN	against	ADP	 against
This later caused Obama to quip, " We donated a $60 million helicopter to this operation. Could we not afford to buy a tape measure? " Facial recognition software: A photograph transmitted by the SEALs to CIA headquarters in Langley, Virginia, for facial	facial	ADJ	recognition	NOUN	 recognition
Meanwhile, Pam Beesly (Jenna Fischer) considers graphic design. The genesis for the episode came from an idea cast members Angela Kinsey and Fischer had while spending time together on the set of the series. During the filming, Carell and the warehouse men were filmed	filmed	VERB	on	ADP	 on
The roadway passes near several small lakes near Idlewild and turns southeasterly into Chase. The highway exits the Manistee National Forest, and runs through farm fields as it continues across the county line into Osceola County. Northwest of Reed City, US 10 meets the US 131	131	NUM	freeway	NOUN	 freeway
Glicken's remains were found four days later, and were cremated according to his parents ' wishes. To date, Glicken and Johnston are the only American volcanologists known to have been killed by a volcanic eruption. At the time of his death, Glicken had been	been	AUX	seeking	VERB	 seeking
Following the Royal Rumble, Carlito started a feud with Ric Flair, in which Flair insulted Carlito for leaving a show early by claiming that he had no heart, no passion and was undeserving of his spot on the roster. After Carlito challenged and lost to Flair	Flair	PROPN	in	ADP	 in
Throughout the state, a total of 90 shelters were opened. Coahuila did not close its schools, expecting Alex to reach the state as a tropical depression or weaker, but asked its schools to not take attendance. Prior to Alex making landfall, the Brownsville,	,	PUNCT	Texas	PROPN	 Texas
This suggests at least a further 16 B 17s, 14 B 24s, eight P 51s, and at least two P 47s were destroyed on top of that total. A total of 290 destroyed and 180 damaged seems a more realistic summation than the conservative figures given	given	VERB	by	ADP	 by
A 2,000 square foot (190 m2) boat house is also located there. Canoes and kayaks can be rented at the boathouse for use in the lake. Other amenities include sand volleyball courts, horseshoes, grills, fitness equipment, six walking / running trails,	,	PUNCT	a	DET	 a
Kimi Räikkönen finished third for Ferrari. It was the twelfth one two finish for Mercedes, cementing a record breaking season that saw them finish with the highest ever number of points scored by a constructor, most front row lookouts and one two finishes over the course of	of	ADP	any	DET	 any
This is important as it allows the formation and breakdown of glucose to be regulated separately, and prevents both pathways from running simultaneously in a futile cycle. Although fat is a common way of storing energy, in vertebrates such as humans the fatty acids in these stores	stores	NOUN	can	AUX	 can
In May 1978 Jacqueline Kennedy, widow of the president, visited the memorial and planted a tree in the forest. Other members of the Kennedy family who have visited the memorial and planted trees include U.S. Senator Ted Kennedy (JFK's brother), on 11 December	December	PROPN	1986	NUM	 1986
He used a grand fleet with stately royal ships when meeting with other Scandinavian rulers, and actively sent letters and gifts to other European rulers; his most far reaching contact was achieved when he sent gyrfalcons with an embassy to the Sultan of Tunis. The royal court	court	NOUN	in	ADP	 in
I try to do songs that are a bit happier and a bit more complicated. I think there are too many songwriters writing sad, depressive songs, and I find it really boring, listening to music where people are just complaining. People should stop whining!	!	PUNCT	I	PRON	 I
The demo is based on the game's beginning, showing Eddie's arrival and his encounters up until the first boss character fight. Brütal Legend features 107 heavy metal tracks from 75 different bands, selected by Schafer and Music Director Emily Ridgway as listed below, each	each	DET	song	NOUN	 song
Her father consulted her on how to make the newspaper relevant to the youth of the era. Anna became interested in fashion as a teenager. Her career in fashion journalism began at two British magazines. Later, she moved to the United States, with stints at	at	ADP	New	PROPN	 New
Shane Satterfield of GameSpot went so far as to say that the game " makes other Nintendo 64 games look like 16 bit software. " IGN's Matt Casamassina praised the detailed 3D worlds, " fantastic " texture work, and cute character designs. He remarked that	that	SCONJ	"	PUNCT	 "
Other commentators see Nancy as " a paradox — which may be why feminists can laud her as a formative ' girl power ' icon and conservatives can love her well scrubbed middle class values. " The earliest Nancy Drew books were published as dark blue hardcovers with the	the	DET	titles	NOUN	 titles
The entire length of PA 132 is part of the National Highway System. Street Road was originally surveyed in the late 17th century, with the road being included in the original survey plans of William Penn for the Province of Pennsylvania. For much of its history it	it	PRON	has	AUX	 has
After the Chesapeake and Ohio was consolidated with several other large railroads in the 1980s to form CSX Transportation, the line built by the Virginia Central from Staunton to Clifton forge was considered for abandonment. CSX, however, decided to keep the line in order to route	route	VERB	empty	ADJ	 empty
He discussed arrangements of musical works for military band with bandmasters, encouraged and reviewed their efforts, held concerts at which he could hear these pieces, and orchestrated original works, and works by other composers, for military bands. In March 1884, an Imperial Order	Order	PROPN	abolished	VERB	 abolished
The Russians suffered a significant defeat at the Battle of the Tchernaya on August 16. The Fifth Bombardment took place for five days from the 17th with the intention of destroying as many Russian defence works as possible. The Sixth Bombardment was followed by a successful Allied attack	attack	NOUN	on	ADP	 on
Revamped as a surreal sketch group, The Greatest Show on Legs became a regular at the Tramshed venue in Woolwich, alongside the likes of Rik Mayall and Ade Edmondson. Soon afterwards, in 1979, The Comedy Store opened in Soho and The Greatest Show on Legs	Legs	PROPN	became	VERB	 became
Over the next two weeks, the division pushed the 13th Assault Division north to the area of Mrkopalj and Delnice, and captured sufficient material to equip two divisions, including 30 tonnes (30 long tons; 33 short tons) of small arms ammunition and 15 tonnes	tonnes	NOUN	(	PUNCT	 (
In 2006, Sancho became the first Gillingham player ever to play in the World Cup finals, and technically the first to score in the World Cup when he scored an own goal in the 2 – 0 group defeat to Paraguay. As at 22 July 2016 For	For	ADP	the	DET	 the
Their elder son, Bohemond, was five at the time of Raymond's death. He seized Antioch from his mother in 1163. Constance and Raymond's eldest daughter, Maria, who was born in the late 1140s, was famed for her beauty. She married	married	VERB	the	DET	 the
The team later announced their intentions to race despite the incident. Sebastian Vettel qualified on pole, his first since the 2011 Brazilian Grand Prix. Heikki Kovalainen qualified sixteenth, the second time Caterham (and its predecessor, Team Lotus) advanced beyond the first qualifying period	period	NOUN	in	ADP	 in
In 1796, Edward Jenner, a doctor in Berkeley, Gloucestershire, rural England, discovered that immunity to smallpox could be produced by inoculating a person with material from a cowpox lesion. Cowpox is a poxvirus in the same family as variola. Jenner called the material	material	NOUN	used	VERB	 used
The dreadnoughts Nassau and Posen, four light cruisers, and 31 torpedo boats breached the defenses to the gulf. Nassau and Posen engaged in an artillery duel with Slava, resulting in three hits on the Russian ship that prompted her withdrawal. After three days, the	the	DET	Russian	ADJ	 Russian
He said that he would lobby the UK government to scrap the UK Trident programme if UK Labour leader Ed Miliband became prime minister in the next election and that he wanted to renationalise the railways in Scotland, bring an end to public private partnerships, and commit the	the	DET	party	NOUN	 party
Tacitus claims that Domitian ordered his recall because Agricola's successes outshone the Emperor's own modest victories in Germania. The relationship between Agricola and the Emperor is unclear: on the one hand, Agricola was awarded triumphal decorations and a statue, on the other, Agricola	Agricola	PROPN	never	ADV	 never
Dissatisfied with this, Hergé wanted to write and draw his own cartoon strip. He already had experience creating comic strips. From July 1926 he had written a strip about a boy scout patrol leader titled Les Aventures de Totor C.P. des Hannetons (" The Adventures of	of	ADP	Totor	PROPN	 Totor
Although the class was planned to be the U.S. ' s first battlecruisers, it was not of a new design; instead, it expanded upon already existing 10,000 – 14,000 ton cruiser designs. In their original 1916 configuration, the battlecruisers were to carry ten 14 "	"	PUNCT	/	SYM	 /
At his execution in January 1606 for his involvement in the Gunpowder Plot, Guy Fawkes managed to break his neck by jumping from the gallows, cheating the executioner. No records exist to demonstrate exactly how the corpse was quartered, although an engraving of the quartering of	of	ADP	Sir	PROPN	 Sir
Triton's entire surface is cut by complex valleys and ridges, probably the result of tectonics and icy volcanism. The vast majority of surface features on Triton are endogenic — the result of internal geological processes rather than external processes such as impacts. Most are volcanic and	and	CCONJ	extrusive	ADJ	 extrusive
" Strickland's first aired television project as a cast regular was the David E. Kelley produced series The Wedding Bells. According to her, she wanted to be in the series because " the subject of love and commitment is something to me that I want to walk	walk	VERB	into	ADP	 into
Rosberg finished in front of Hamilton, in 11th. Barrichello and Button took the next two positions; both drivers blamed their Hondas for their uncompetitive performance at the Fuji circuit. Nakajima finished last, in 15th, unable to recover after his forced pit stop early in	in	ADP	the	DET	 the
1866: Wales first women's Suffrage Petition is signed, among its signatories is Mary Rose Crawshay. 1884: The Aberdare, Merthyr and Dowlais District Mine Association pass a resolution to support a series of talks by Jeanette Wilkinson on women's suffrage. 1895: The	The	DET	Women	PROPN	 Women
When I finish playing the game, it's not how much money I made that is going to be my legacy. It's how I played the game, and what I did on the field. Kinsler was delighted when Rangers manager Ron Washington ultimately committed to	to	ADP	Kinsler	PROPN	 Kinsler
In November 1884, Parker conspired with a group of Boston shippers, who filled Mary Celeste with a largely worthless cargo, misrepresented on the ship's manifest as valuable goods and insured for US $30,000 ($790,100 today). On December 16, Parker set	set	VERB	out	ADP	 out
In 1947, No. 1831 was given electric lighting and converted to oil burning as part of government backed fuel trials in anticipation of a post war coal shortage, though it was reverted to coal firing in December 1948. The class was heavily used by British Railways	Railways	PROPN	:	PUNCT	:
The area experiences a significant summer wet season, as nearly two thirds of the annual precipitation falls in the months of June through September. The area is listed by the United States Department of Agriculture (USDA) as being in hardiness zone 10, which is about	about	ADP	the	DET	 the
Utami has said the stories reflect some of her personal experiences, such as her loss of religion which mirrors that of the priest, Saman. Utami also includes passages reflecting the destructiveness of Suharto's political authoritarianism; in later interviews she said the political realities reflected in	in	ADP	Saman	PROPN	 Saman
However, it was sensitive to the weather, and put immense pressure and strain on crews who had to remain submerged for long period in hostile waters. Further, Coastal's Mark III radar could detect the mast. The smoke emitted was visible from 1,000 feet.	.	PUNCT	In	ADP	 In
Throughout the 1950s and 1960s Gedangan remained a center of Catholic activity in Semarang. The Jesuit provincial superior continued to be placed in the Gedangan presbytery until 1949, when he was moved to the church in Karangpanas, then again from 1954 to 1962 (when he was	was	AUX	sent	VERB	 sent
Winston Churchill reportedly advised Maugham to burn 14 other stories. The Czech revolutionary network in Europe also had a role in the uncovering of Bagha Jatin's plans. The network was in touch with the members in the United States, and may have also been aware of	of	ADP	and	CCONJ	 and
Furthermore, in 1964, Pope Paul VI praised the organization in a handwritten letter to Escrivá, saying: Opus Dei is " a vigorous expression of the perennial youth of the Church, fully open to the demands of a modern apostolate... We look with paternal satisfaction	satisfaction	NOUN	on	ADP	 on
" At the afternoon session, the eleven resolutions were read again, and each one was voted on individually. The only one that was materially questioned was the ninth, the one Stanton had added regarding women's right to vote. It read: Resolved, that	that	SCONJ	it	PRON	 it
(New York: Lane and Tippett, 1847 (1851); New York, 1853 (1854)). Life and Journals of Peter Jones. (Toronto, 1860). History of the Ojebway Indians; with especial reference to their Conversion to Christianity.	.	PUNCT	By	ADP	 By
A short distance past the Street Road intersection, PA 232 passes into Solebury Township and crosses the Pidcock Creek. The road continues through a mix of farms and woods with some residential areas. As the route approaches Aquetong Road, the surroundings become more forested and the	the	DET	road	NOUN	 road
The 1650s, when the Friends were most confrontational, was one of the most creative periods of their history. During the Commonwealth, Fox had hoped that the movement would become the major church in England. Disagreements, persecution and increasing social turmoil, however, led	led	VERB	Fox	PROPN	 Fox
During the Jordanian period, the adjacent villages of Rafidia, Balata al Balad, al Juneid and Askar were annexed to the Nablus municipality. The 1967 Six Day War ended in the Israeli capture of Nablus. Many Israeli settlements were built around Nablus during the 1980s and	and	CCONJ	early	ADJ	 early
According to a study by Enigma Research Corporation of Toronto, the Citrus Bowl's record breaking attendance brought an estimated $51.5 million – surpassing the projected $25 million – into the local economy and generated $1.8 million in local tax revenue. The Central Florida Sports	Sports	PROPN	Commission	PROPN	 Commission
Nevertheless, the killings left a leadership void in the political establishment. Conspiracy theories immediately flourished that the gunmen had been acting on orders to sabotage a Karabakh peace deal, but a decade on, the available evidence still pointed to the leading gunman being a loner with	with	ADP	a	DET	 a
The government public health system does not provide adequate measures such as free HIV testing, only further worsening the problem. Cultural aspects also increase the prevalence of HIV infection. The insistence of a woman for a man to use a condom could imply promiscuity on her part	part	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
His assailant was John Bellingham, a Liverpool merchant with a grievance against the government. Bellingham was detained and, four days after the murder, was tried, convicted and sentenced to death. He was hanged at Newgate Prison on 18 May. Perceval had led the	the	DET	Tory	PROPN	 Tory
The two stations in the cemetery were very similar in design. North station served the Nonconformist section of the cemetery, and South station served the Anglican section. On William Cubitt's advice the two stations in the cemetery were built as temporary structures, in the expectation	expectation	NOUN	that	SCONJ	 that
In 1920, Sporting Clube de Braga's manager returned from a game at Highbury and changed his team's green kit to a duplicate of Arsenal's red with white sleeves and shorts, giving rise to the team's nickname of Os Arsenalistas. These teams still wear	wear	VERB	those	DET	 those
Although Kusaeri's men initially shot at the commander, after Sudirman used a loudspeaker to tell them they would not be harmed, they backed down. Kusaeri surrendered on 25 April. This garnered support for Sudirman within the occupation forces, although several high ranking Japanese officers	officers	NOUN	expressed	VERB	 expressed
At the end of the regular season, Josefson had scored 8 goals and 20 points in 43 games. The 2009 – 10 playoffs were Josefson's first Elitserien playoffs, and he played almost every game missing the first two semifinal games against Linköpings HC due to illness	illness	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
A religious charter would be necessary in Pennsylvania or NJ to make it stick. But I sure could make it stick. O'Brien was not enthusiastic and resigned the following September, worn out by work. She criticized Hubbard for creating " a temperate zone voodoo, in	in	ADP	its	PRON	 its
All species of kinglet are almost exclusively insectivorous, preying on small arthropods with soft cuticles, such as springtails, aphids and spiders. They also feed on the cocoons and eggs of spiders and insects, and occasionally take pollen. All species will hover to catch flying	flying	ADJ	insects	NOUN	 insects
Against the Rams in week sixteen, Mitchell caught a seven yard touchdown pass from McNabb in the first quarter and finished the game with two receptions for 28 yards. In the final game of the regular season against the Cincinnati Bengals, Mitchell had six receptions for 76	76	NUM	yards	NOUN	 yards
Rudolf Schnaubelt, the police ’ s lead suspect as the bomb thrower, was arrested twice early on and released. By May 14, when it became apparent he had played a significant role in the event, he had fled the country. William Seliger, who	who	PRON	had	AUX	 had
The episode dealt a lot with the character of Cleveland Brown, which is one of the characters for which Henry provides the voice. The episode was directed by Cyndi Tang, who has been with the show since its fifth season. Series regulars Peter Shin and James	James	PROPN	Purdum	PROPN	 Purdum
Staten also has studied at the University of Chicago where is he received a Master of Arts degree in international relations in 1997. After being rejected for employment with the Central Intelligence Agency, Staten dropped the idea of entering the foreign service and helped his family at their	their	PRON	winery	NOUN	 winery
Louisiana Governor Bobby Jindal and Senator Rand Paul of Kentucky, also presidential candidates, both voiced their support for Davis. Matt Bevin, the Republican nominee for Kentucky governor in the 2015 election, said a simple solution to Davis ' plight is for the government to stop	stop	VERB	providing	VERB	 providing
When the storm began moving to the south, it lost its identity very rapidly. Ignacio weakened to depression status and dissipated six hours later. The remnants of Ignacio moved toward the west southwest over the next two days. When Ignacio was closely approaching the coast of	of	ADP	Mexico	PROPN	 Mexico
After a run at the Berkeley Repertory Theatre in 2009, the show moved to the St. James Theatre on Broadway. Previews began on March 24, 2010 and the play officially opened on April 20, 2010. The show closed on April 24, 2011 after 422	422	NUM	performances	NOUN	 performances
He felt well during training camp but suffered an injury after a collision during a preseason game on October 26, 2012. He played in five regular season games before needing season ending surgery on his right knee. He averaged 5.8 points per game, 2.8 rebounds per	per	ADP	game	NOUN	 game
Three months prior to its broadcast, an incomplete version of the pilot was released through BitTorrent clients, fueling speculation that it was leaked deliberately to increase interest in the program. Executive producer Burk denied the claims, saying that " we hate putting anything out there until	until	SCONJ	it	PRON	 it
All tissues of the fruit body will turn yellow if a drop of dilute potassium hydroxide is applied. The spores are spherical or nearly so, rarely broadly ellipsoid, and measure 9.5 – 12 by 9 – 11.5 µm. They are hyaline (translucent) and colorless	colorless	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
As Madison's population grew, the church became too small for the expanding congregation. In addition, its location outside of the city was inconvenient for many parishioners. In 1898, a tract of land inside Madison was bought. Rather than building a new church at	at	ADP	the	DET	 the
However, during the withdrawal two Australians were left behind and were subsequently captured by the Chinese: Private Robert Parker, the battalion despatch rider, and Private Horace Madden, one of the signallers. For his conduct while in captivity Madden was posthumously awarded the George Cross	Cross	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
The vowels of Ulster Irish are more divergent and are not discussed in this article. The backness of vowels (that is, the horizontal position of the highest point of the tongue) depends to a great extent on the quality (broad or slender) of adjacent	adjacent	ADJ	consonants	NOUN	 consonants
In the sector of the 38th Infantry Division Dravska, one German column pushed towards Maribor from Mureck, and the other pushed on from Gornja Radgona through Lenart towards Ptuj. Some time later, other elements of LI Infantry Corps attacked the area between Sveti Duh and Dravograd	Dravograd	PROPN	.	PUNCT	.
In 2012, Kiplinger's Personal Finance ranked South Bend eighth in the " Ten Best Cities for Cheapskates ". South Bend was also ranked among the 40 hottest real estate markets for business by Expansion Management magazine, and Smart + Connected Communities Institute featured South Bend as	as	ADP	one	NUM	 one
During the attempted coup d'état on 26 February by disgruntled Army officers, the ship was deployed in Tokyo Bay and some of her sailors were landed in support of the government. In August, she transported 1,749 men of the 43rd Infantry Regiment of the 11th Infantry Division	Division	PROPN	from	ADP	 from
Telltale Games has not ruled out the option of porting the game to Xbox Live and Linux. However, a port for the iPhone enhanced iOS version was developed, and the first episode was released in November 2011, with the four remaining episodes that followed suit in	in	ADP	a	DET	 a
On the May 7, 2007 episode of Raw, Edge interrupted an in ring promo by the winner of the 2007 Money in the Bank contract, Mr. Kennedy. Kennedy had said for weeks that he would not cash in the contract until the following WrestleMania, but	but	CCONJ	Edge	PROPN	 Edge
A fifth generation member of The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter day Saints (LDS Church), he is a great grandson of Miles Park Romney and a great great grandson of Miles Romney, who converted to the faith in its first decade. Another great great	great	ADJ	grandfather	NOUN	 grandfather
In mild and avirulent viruses, the structure of the hemagglutinin means that it can only be cleaved by proteases found in the throat and lungs, so these viruses can not infect other tissues. However, in highly virulent strains, such as H5N1, the hemagglutinin can	can	AUX	be	AUX	 be
Both player characters are robots that control separate portal guns and can use the other character's portals. Each player's portals are of a different color scheme, whereof one is blue and purple and the other is orange and red. A calibration chamber separates the characters	characters	NOUN	to	PART	 to
Ludacris ' Word of Mouf and Mystikal's Tarantula were also nominated for Best Rap Album. Nelly also earned nominations for Album of the Year and Best Rap Album for the album Nellyville as well as Record of the Year and Best Rap / Sung Collaboration for the song	song	NOUN	"	PUNCT	 "
Their 21st place finish in the 2008 – 09 season meant it was their sixth successive season playing in the Championship. Their campaign ended disappointingly as they were relegated to League One with 11 wins, 8 draws, and 27 losses from 46 matches. The club exited	exited	VERB	both	DET	 both
The proximity of Allied forces had caused the majority of the city's government officials to flee before the evacuation of its citizens was complete. (For this, Hitler had all Nazi officials who had fled stripped of rank and sent to the Eastern front as privates.	.	PUNCT	)	PUNCT	)
As one studio executive put it, " On any film there are ten variables that can kill you. On this film there was an eleventh: Scientology. It just wasn't something anyone really wanted to get involved with. " In 1998, the project was	was	AUX	taken	VERB	 taken
He was then rested from the match against South of England, which ended in a rain affected draw. Australia's biggest challenge in the post Test tour matches was against the Leveson Gower's XI. During the last Australian tour in 1938, this team was effectively	effectively	ADV	a	DET	 a
Many of the staff from the Ludlow incarnation of Hibiscus agreed to move to London to continue working at the restaurant, including head chef Marcus McGuinness and sommelier Simon Freeman. Hibiscus re opened in October 2007 in its new location after following building works and planning delays.	.	PUNCT	The	DET	 The
By the end of 1922, Ireland was partitioned, the Irish Free State was established, and Lloyd George was out of office. The King and his advisers were concerned about the rise of socialism and the growing labour movement, which they mistakenly associated with republicanism.	.	PUNCT	The	DET	 The
Wittmann briefed the Panzer Lehr Division Intelligence Officer and was given a Schwimmwagen to return to Point 213. Kauffmann ordered Hauptmann Helmut Ritgen to block the northern exits of the town with 15 Panzer IV, mainly from 6th Company, 2nd Battalion Panzer Lehr Regiment 130 and ten	ten	NUM	from	ADP	 from
The Soviet 45 millimetre model 1932 gun was replaced by the T 34's 76.2 millimetre gun, while the Germans adopted the 75 millimetre L / 70 tank gun on the Panther. By 1950, Soviet tanks such as the T 54 were armed with the D 10	10	NUM	T	PROPN	 T
He did not play in the win over Chile or in the infamous defeat to the United States, but played just once, in the 1 – 0 defeat to Spain at the Estádio do Maracanã. The preparation was not ideal as the FA did not take the	the	DET	competition	NOUN	 competition
The song was leaked to radio stations early, despite Epic Records ' attempt to keep it off air until the official release date. Generally well received amongst critics, it has been compared favorably to other accomplished pieces by Michael Jackson. It went on to be nominated	nominated	VERB	for	ADP	 for
As a consequence, all polymerases work in a 5′ to 3′ direction. In the active site of these enzymes, the incoming nucleoside triphosphate base pairs to the template: this allows polymerases to accurately synthesize the complementary strand of their template. Polymerases are classified according to	to	ADP	the	DET	 the
A secco recitative, " Ach, daß der Fluch, so dort die Erde schlägt " (Alas, that the curse, which strikes the earth there), renders a contrasting change of mood. Bach interprets the curse of sin, and the hopeless situation of	of	ADP	the	DET	 the
Gene expression can be regulated at any step: from transcriptional initiation, to RNA processing, to post translational modification of the protein. The regulation of lactose metabolism genes in E. coli (lac operon) was the first such mechanism to be described in 1961. A	A	DET	typical	ADJ	 typical
With the introduction of the Tantra traditions and philosophy of Yoga, the conception of the " transcendent " to be attained by Yogic practice shifted from experiencing the " transcendent " (" Atman Brahman " in Advaitic theory) in the mind to the body itself. The	The	DET	American	PROPN	 American
The 1923 – 24 season began with tragedy, as Tigers ' forward Foley Martin died of blood poisoning during the team's season opening road trip to the pacific coast. The Tigers played on despite Martin's death, winning two of three games against their PCHA rivals	rivals	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
She participated in some major group exhibitions, such as Papunya Tula: Genesis and Genius at the Art Gallery of New South Wales, and Colour Power at the National Gallery of Victoria, as well as having had a small number of solo exhibitions at private galleries,	,	PUNCT	including	VERB	 including
To fulfil its role as a safeguard against any parliamentary or executive propensity to majoritarian or sectarian politics, it may constrict the Government's freedom to discriminate against racial and religious communities by obstructing the passage of new laws and regulations that it deems to contain such " differentiating	differentiating	VERB	measures	NOUN	 measures
Regional economic activity was severely lowered, as 19% of the local economy was related to Loring Air Force Base. One of the more immediate ideas for redevelopment of the base was to turn it into a federal prison, something which had been done previously at the	the	DET	former	ADJ	 former
These are usually based on a bus. Bariatric ambulance – A special type of patient transport ambulance designed for extremely obese patients equipped with the appropriate tools to move and manage these patients. In the US, there are four types of ambulances. There are Type I	I	PRON	,	PUNCT	,
The influential ninth century Irish philosopher Johannes Scotus Eriugena had a thorough knowledge of Greek, and through his translations and use of unusual Greek words in poetry helped to raise the prestige of the hermeneutic style. The style became fashionable at Laon, where Johannes's colleague and	and	CCONJ	fellow	PROPN	 fellow
President Johnson stated that he had been moved by letters from many members of the public to agree with the plan. The bill to authorize the Kennedy half dollar passed on December 30, 1963. Work was already underway on coinage dies; the use of the already	already	ADV	available	ADJ	 available
In 1982, Kiep served as the leading candidate for the CDU in two separate state elections in his hometown of Hamburg. The first, regular election in June brought a majority of votes for Kiep and heavy losses for the SPD and incumbent First Mayor Klaus von Dohnányi	Dohnányi	PROPN	.	PUNCT	.
Through faith in Jesus Christ this gracious gift may be received in this life both gradually and instantaneously, and should be sought earnestly by every child of God. Similarly, the churches in the holiness movement emphasize entire sanctification as a definite experience linked to Spirit baptism.	.	PUNCT	According	VERB	 According
Born in Litchfield County, Connecticut, James Morris spent his early life hoping and training to be a minister. However, after graduating from Yale College, Morris accepted a commission of First Lieutenant from the Continental Army and joined the fight for American Independence. Morris was	was	AUX	captured	VERB	 captured
Feminist economists depart from traditional economics in that they say " ethical judgments are a valid, inescapable, and in fact desirable part of economic analysis. " For example, Lourdes Beneria argues that judgments about policies leading to greater well being should be central to economic analysis	analysis	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
Enough funds were raised for Darlington to complete the season, but relegation was confirmed with three matches remaining. After the club was taken over with the intention of moving into community ownership, without entering into a Creditors Voluntary Agreement (CVA), Darlington were relegated four	four	NUM	divisions	NOUN	 divisions
The commissioner then tasks Sam and Max with infiltrating the Toy Mafia, a criminal organisation operating from a casino. The commissioner's mole in the organisation has gone quiet; he wants the Freelance Police to find out what happened to the mole. Sam and Max quickly	quickly	ADV	discover	VERB	 discover
According to Indonesian historian Benny G. Setiono, the outbreak was followed by increased suspicion and resentment in native Indonesians and the Dutch toward the ethnic Chinese, who were growing in number and whose wealth was increasingly visible. As a result, Commissioner of Native Affairs Roy Ferdinand	Ferdinand	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
He also told Acquaviva that " there is a risk that some private endeavour may commit treason or use force against the King ", and urged the pope to issue a public brief against the use of force. According to Fawkes, 20 barrels of gunpowder were brought	brought	VERB	in	ADP	 in
Many of the new details in Smith's book were unsourced, while others were not supported by the sources given. Today, modern re tellings of the Lalaurie legend often use deLavigne and Smith's versions of the tale to found claims of explicit tortures, and to	to	PART	place	VERB	 place
The non dance remix was approved by Madonna and was another exclusive release to her Tidal account. Hugh McIntyre from Forbes considered " Ghosttown " as a favorite from the album. Dean Piper from The Daily Telegraph considered the song as Madonna's best chance at achieving a	a	DET	radio	NOUN	 radio
Brezhnev's patron Khrushchev succeeded Stalin as General Secretary, while Khrushchev's opponent Malenkov succeeded Stalin as Chairman of the Presidium of the Supreme Soviet. Brezhnev sided with Khrushchev against Malenkov, but only for several years. On 7 May 1955, Brezhnev was made General Secretary	Secretary	PROPN	of	ADP	 of
His reaction when told by Carr was to protest that he was not good enough; Carr assured him that he was. The Lord's Test was drawn, with neither side coming near to winning. Larwood took three high profile wickets — Charlie Macartney, Jack Gregory	Gregory	PROPN	and	CCONJ	 and
They were later translated into Chinese and other Asian languages, helping spread ideas of Tantric Buddhism. The Buddhist text Hevajra Tantra and Caryāgiti introduced hierarchies of chakras. Yoga is a significant practice in Tantric Buddhism. The earliest references to hatha yoga are in Buddhist works dating	dating	VERB	from	ADP	 from
On April 28, the Maniot army joined Kolokotronis forces at Karytainia. From there they went to Tripoli and started to besiege the city. The city eventually fell on September 23, 1821 and was sacked by the Greeks. Due to the unrelenting losses and stories of	of	ADP	Greek	ADJ	 Greek
It was among the first of his prints to be published after the Engraving Copyright Act 1734 (which Hogarth had helped push through Parliament); A Rake's Progress had taken early advantage of the protection afforded by the new law. Unlike Harlot and Rake, the	the	DET	four	NUM	 four
Negotiations with Spain continued as the court considered the evidence, but on March 20, the court ruled that the Maine was blown up by an underwater mine. As pressure for war mounted in Congress, McKinley continued to negotiate for Cuban independence. Spain refused McKinley's	's	PART	proposals	NOUN	 proposals
Compared with previous installments, God of War III offers a revamped magic system, more onscreen enemies, new camera angles, and downloadable content. God of War III was critically acclaimed upon release, with a reviewer from IGN stating that it redefines the word " scale	scale	NOUN	"	PUNCT	 "
With the British naval blockade tightening and threatening the state's coastal communities in early 1814, Strong authorized U. S. Brigadier General Thomas H. Cushing to command militia forces in the defenses of Boston Harbor, subject to reasonable limitations. Cushing was transferred to Connecticut, and General	General	PROPN	Dearborn	PROPN	 Dearborn
The author wrote Wonder Boys in a dizzy seven month streak, without telling his agent or publisher he'd abandoned Fountain City. The book, published in 1995, was a commercial and critical success. In late 2010, " An annotated, four chapter fragment "	"	PUNCT	from	ADP	 from
It was only after Anderson worked with series creator Chris Carter and executive producer Frank Spotnitz that the script was finished. The cast and crew helped Anderson adjust to her directorial debut — the first time a woman directed an episode of The X Files. The episode makes	makes	VERB	heavy	ADJ	 heavy
His teammate, Ola Vigen Hattestad, won golds in the individual and team sprint events. Estonia's Andrus Veerpalu became the oldest winner at 38 in the men's 15 km event. Kristin Størmer Steira was Norway's only medal in the women's events with a	a	DET	silver	NOUN	 silver
Seeking to separate at least the western Kennebec from French influence, he adopted a fairly hard line, threatening to withhold trade that was vital to their survival, and reiterated claims of British sovereignty over the Abenaki. Although the Treaty of Portsmouth that resulted from those negotiations	negotiations	NOUN	repeats	VERB	 repeats
" However, she felt Swift's vocal performance was not incredible, but was passionate to complement the song's sentiments. McAlpine resumed by stating that " Love Story ", although obvious, a bit dramatic, and probably targeted towards younger audiences, was just lovely	lovely	ADJ	and	CCONJ	 and
West Honaker took on a load of grain and then proceeded in convoy from Boston to Halifax in early May, and on to Belfast Lough. After making a circuit to Avonmouth and Milford Haven, West Honaker sailed from Belfast Lough for New York on 25 June.	.	PUNCT	She	PRON	 She
At the conclusion of World War II in 1945, The United States Army sold off military surplus and for $1 ($13.1 today) Montana State University in Bozeman, Montana bought a P 51C aircraft, which it parked on its campus in front of the	the	DET	engineering	NOUN	 engineering
Though he had been set to join Team Canada for the 1980 Winter Olympics, the Flames convinced Reinhart to sign with the team and begin his professional career instead. Joining the Flames for the 1979 – 80 NHL season, the 19 year old Reinhart became the youngest	youngest	ADJ	player	NOUN	 player
Within a year, he successively rose from basileopator to Caesar, and was eventually crowned senior emperor on 17 December 920. To consolidate his hold on power, and with a view of supplanting the ruling Macedonian dynasty with his own family, he raised his eldest son	son	NOUN	Christopher	PROPN	 Christopher
The Palace of the Underworld is entered via three step vaulted arches on the eastern side of the second terrace of the Acropolis. The Palace of Frets is located on the fourth terrace of the Acropolis. The south facade of the palace is decorated with four large stepped	stepped	ADJ	frets	NOUN	 frets
The Regulators then assembled a large firing squad and prepared to carry out the execution. The Regulators divided themselves into two separate squads, one for each man, of 55 and 56 riflemen. The line of 56 executioners shot first John Driscoll. William, by this	this	DET	time	NOUN	 time
In Boulder Creek, another tributary of Spring Creek, the acidity level has lowered slightly. In 1985, it was found that water seepage into the foundations of the Spring Creek Dam could possibly cause its collapse. Shortly after the discovery, a controversy over the irregular	irregular	ADJ	spills	NOUN	 spills
A prominent result is the Great Red Spot, a giant storm that is known to have existed since at least the 17th century when it was first seen by telescope. Surrounding Jupiter is a faint planetary ring system and a powerful magnetosphere. Jupiter has at least 67	67	NUM	moons	NOUN	 moons
It wasn't until 1978 that Oregon earned its first victory in the series, which ended UCLA's 34 dual meet winning streak. Oregon won the next three meets and the series ended in 1985 with a UCLA win. The dual meet event was fading out of	of	ADP	favor	NOUN	 favor
In addition to acting in films, Sharma is the ambassador for multiple brands and has an active social media presence. She also supports multiple charities and causes, including gender equality and animal rights. She and her brother are the founders of the production company Clean Slate	Slate	PROPN	Films	PROPN	 Films
Realizing shortly after that it is Yaniv who is in custody, she explains that she had hoped that the other agencies ' search in Rome would cause Ilan to let his guard down. Vance and Homeland Senior Division Chief Tom Morrow (Alan Dale), while angry	angry	ADJ	about	ADP	 about
Thirty Seconds to Mars unveiled six songs from their fourth studio album Love, Lust, Faith and Dreams, including " City of Angels ", during a preview held at the Electric Lady Studios in New York City on March 14, 2013. Shannon Leto revealed that	that	SCONJ	it	PRON	 it
" The most infamous was the CIA's alleged plot to capitalize on Castro's well known love of cigars by slipping into his supply a very real and lethal " exploding cigar. " A November 4, 1967 Saturday Evening Post article reported that during Castro's visit	visit	NOUN	to	ADP	 to
The Germans raised the ship again, which was sunk a second time by bombers in September 1944. Taranto was finally broken up for scrap in 1946 – 1947. Strassburg was ordered under the contract name Ersatz Condor and was laid down at the Kaiserliche Werft shipyard in	in	ADP	Wilhelmshaven	PROPN	 Wilhelmshaven
Fairman left to edit Ellery Queen's Mystery Magazine at the end of 1958, and his place was taken by Cele Goldsmith. Goldsmith had been hired in 1955 as a secretary and became assistant editor to help cope with the additional work created when Ziff Davis launched two	two	NUM	short	ADJ	 short
This suggests that nascent ASL was highly affected by the other signing systems brought by the ASD students, despite the fact that the school's original director Laurent Clerc taught in LSF. In fact, Clerc reported that he often learned the students ' signs rather than conveying	conveying	VERB	LSF	PROPN	 LSF
The second column was under the command of Major General John Vaughan and accompanied by General Howe. It consisted of jäger companies from Hesse Kassel and Ansbach Bayreuth, and battalions of British light infantry and grenadiers. The column of General Cornwallis marched for Woodbridge, while Vaughan	Vaughan	PROPN	's	PART	's
It stands on the River Douglas, 7.9 miles (13 km) south west of Bolton, 10 miles (16 km) north of Warrington and 16 miles (25.7 km) west northwest of Manchester. Wigan is the largest settlement in the Metropolitan Borough of Wigan	Wigan	PROPN	and	CCONJ	 and
The secondary battery consisted of twelve 240 mm / 50 Modèle 1902 guns in twin turrets, three on either side of the ship. A number of smaller guns were carried for defense against torpedo boats. These included sixteen 75 mm (3.0 in) L / 65	65	NUM	guns	NOUN	 guns
Solanum watneyi, a species of bush tomato from Australia, has been named after the character of Mark Watney, to honor the fictional heroic botanist portrayal. It is a member of the same genus as the potato, Solanum. When Weir wrote the novel The Martian	Martian	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
He was sent down to the Triple A Colorado Springs Sky Sox of the Pacific Coast League a few times during the season. However, after July 25 he took over the shortstop position for the Rockies when they traded Pérez. On August 2, he hit his	his	PRON	first	ADJ	 first
The young females may get pregnant by then. The young males, as they mature by two years, are challenged by other males and driven out of their herds. The lifespan of a mountain nyala is around 15 to 20 years. The typical habitat for the	the	DET	mountain	NOUN	 mountain
In January 2013, a fan made live action version of the film was posted on YouTube that received more than 15 million views before being taken down by Disney for copyright of the audio. In February 2016, the video returned to YouTube. In October 2013,	,	PUNCT	ABC	PROPN	 ABC
Beginning in 1893, a 3.85 mile (6.20 km) branch line of the Lehigh Valley Railroad ran from Ricketts to a log station at the north end of the lake; a boardwalk and coach service brought guests from the station to the hotel. There was daily	daily	ADJ	passenger	NOUN	 passenger
They could fire a 70 – 90 pound (31.8 – 40.8 kg) shell to a range of 3,450 yards (3,150 m) at an elevation of 15°. The muzzle loading Parrott rifles fired a 70 – 100 pound (31.8 – 45.4 kg) shell	shell	NOUN	and	CCONJ	 and
The system initially had two circulations that consolidated into one by September 5. That day, Hurricane Hunters observed 55 mph (89 km / h) winds, which prompted the Weather Bureau to upgrade it to Tropical Storm Fifi. Due to the storm's fast track	track	NOUN	to	ADP	 to
While the band was skeptical at first, each member began writing their own musical parts and the song became one of the album's three singles, " Behind the Sun ". In the book Give It Away: The Stories Behind Every Song, author Rob Fitzpatrick	Fitzpatrick	PROPN	writes	VERB	 writes
The temperature of the photosphere is approximately 6,000 K, whereas the temperature of the corona reaches 1,000,000 – 2,000,000 K. The high temperature of the corona shows that it is heated by something other than direct heat conduction from the photosphere. It is thought that the energy necessary	necessary	ADJ	to	PART	 to
Having heard the shrieks of the victims as they were thrown into the water, one slave requested that the remaining Africans be denied all food and drink rather than be thrown into the sea. This request was ignored by the crew. The account of the King's	's	PART	Bench	PROPN	 Bench
The run, about 60 kilometres (37 mi) from east to west, includes Class IV + rapids and includes Kootenai Falls, which rarely has been run safely, in the middle of its course. In Montana, the river is rated a Class I water	water	NOUN	under	ADP	 under
For their involvement in the fighting in New Guinea, in 1961 the 49th Battalion was awarded three battle honours. Throughout the majority of their involvement in the New Guinea campaign, the battalion was commanded by Lieutenant Colonel Owen Kessels. After the war, Australia's military	military	NOUN	was	AUX	 was
In his book Fab Four FAQ 2.0, Robert Rodriguez likewise bemoans EMI / Capitol's attempt to humiliate Harrison with a compilation that failed to reflect his standing as the most accomplished ex Beatle during 1970 – 73. Rodriguez describes the company's efforts to " effectively sabotag	sabotag	NOUN	[	X	 [
To be able to plug in to that and let that carry you in to a performance is such a gas, I have so much fun with that. I love kids; I raised two girls and I love being a parent, " he said. The	The	DET	cast	NOUN	 cast
She later admitted that the public's response was " puzzling " to her. She also stated that she attempted to be " accessible " to her readers in the book. Journey appeared on The New York Times bestseller list and had an initial printing of 300,000 copies	copies	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
Unusual for a boy born and raised in Canada, Anderson's hockey idol was not Canadian. Instead, his favourite player was Russian Alexander Yakushev, whom he had watched play during the 1972 Summit Series. Anderson and one of the Berrys, Ken Berry, began	began	VERB	their	PRON	 their
The third single, " Fly on the Wall " was released on February 27, 2009 as the final single, being unable to duplicate the success of the previous singles. Cyrus is a singer songwriter and actress who starred as Miley Stewart, a girl with a	a	DET	secret	ADJ	 secret
However, the invasion was aborted. Meanwhile, settlers were sent to the Pacific islands of Palau and the Marianas. Spanish rule eventually contributed significantly to bringing political unity to the fragmented states of the archipelago. From 1565 to 1821, the Philippines was governed as a	a	DET	territory	NOUN	 territory
Following the broadcast of the previous installment, " Pretty Much Dead Already ", The Walking Dead took a three month hiatus from television. Two trailers were released as part of an advertising campaign for the episode; the first was broadcast after " Pretty Much Dead Already	Already	ADV	"	PUNCT	 "
The Bhagavata Purana enumerates the following 28: Tamisra, Andhatamisra, Raurava, Maharaurava, Kumbhipaka, Kalasutra, Asipatravana, Sukaramukha, Andhakupa, Krimibhojana, Samdamsa, Taptasurmi, Vajrakantaka salmali, Vaitarani, Puyoda, Pranarodha, Visasana, Lalabhaksa, Sarameyadana, Avichi, Ayahpana	Ayahpana	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
Though Nebraska was now a member of a new conference — the former Big Eight Conference had been merged with four Texas schools to become the Big 12 — it was widely expected that Nebraska would repeat the performance for a third time in 1996. Nebraska was ranked No	No	NOUN	.	NOUN	.
With his initiative, the Special Regiment was established in September 1990. Composed of 26 platoons and a total of 2,300 men, it was the first formal Armenian military unit independent from Moscow. It became the main base of the Armenian army in the following years.	.	PUNCT	By	ADP	 By
In addition to accounting for over 90% of spider species, the Araneomorphae, also known as the " true spiders ", include orb web spiders, the cursorial wolf spiders, and jumping spiders, as well as the only known herbivorous spider, Bagheera kiplingi.	.	PUNCT	They	PRON	 They
The British were initially confused as to the cause of the sinking, suspecting either an on board explosion or aerial attack. Once it was realised that a submarine attack was the most likely explanation, steps were rapidly made to seal the anchorage, but U 47 had	had	AUX	already	ADV	 already
Lavigne's earlier influences came from country music acts such as Garth Brooks, the Dixie Chicks and Shania Twain; and alternative singer songwriters such as Alanis Morissette, Lisa Loeb, Natalie Imbruglia and Janis Joplin. By the time she left school to focus on her music	music	NOUN	career	NOUN	 career
The male element is a destructive force, stern, selfish, aggrandizing, loving war, violence, conquest, acquisition, breeding in the material and moral world alike discord, disorder, disease, and death. See what a record of blood and cruelty the pages	pages	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
With little warning, Archer, Sato and Reed suddenly begin to transform physically into a new species, but T ' Pol seems somehow resistant to the changes. T ' Pol is able to communicate with Archer after gaining use of the universal translator. She learns they	they	PRON	have	AUX	 have
Eric B., KRS One, L. A. Reid, Babyface and Teddy Riley also joined him onstage, with the latter performing a keyboard solo. Peter Watrous of The New York Times commented that, " The communal scene on stage mirrored the feeling in the audience;	;	PUNCT	everybody	PRON	 everybody
It covers 14,330 square metres (154,200 sq ft) and can handle 150,000 tonnes (170,000 short tons) of cargo annually. The terminal is operated by Hyderabad Menzies Air Cargo Pvt Ltd, a joint venture between GHIAL (51%) and Menzies Aviation (49	49	NUM	%	NOUN	%
Copsey commented that the song was simply " another shouty electro hop nugget that's as rowdy and intimidating as the school bully after a can of Red Bull " Fraser McAlpine from BBC was also negative in his review of the song. Like Copsey, McAlpine complimented Kesha	Kesha	PROPN	's	PART	's
For his degree, Franco prepared his departmental honors thesis as a novel under the supervision of Mona Simpson. While at the university, the actor studied French, the Holocaust, philosophy of science, and American literature among other things. To continue acting, he would	would	AUX	study	VERB	 study
The flotilla arrived off Valparaiso on 30 October, and the following evening, von Spee received intelligence that a British cruiser was at the Chilean port of Coronel. Von Spee decided that his squadron should ambush the cruiser — HMS Glasgow — when it was forced to leave	leave	VERB	port	NOUN	 port
After the 2007 – 08 season, Filatov was subsequently selected sixth overall at the Draft by the Columbus Blue Jackets. Filatov was also the first overall selection in the 2008 Canadian Hockey League Import Draft, selected by the Sudbury Wolves of the Ontario Hockey League (OHL	OHL	PROPN	)	PUNCT	)
The dam is operated by the Grand River Dam Authority and creates Grand Lake o ' the Cherokees. After decades of vision and planning, it was constructed between 1938 and 1940 for the purposes of hydroelectric power generation, flood control and recreation. It is Oklahoma's	's	PART	first	ADJ	 first
By 10 February, when Prevost's force linked up with Maitland's, Fort Desaix was the only remaining point of resistance. For nine days, the British soldiers and sailors of the expeditionary force constructed gun batteries and trenches around the fort, bringing ashore large quantities	quantities	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
He praised the increased frame rate and graphics options offered in the PC version. VideoGamer.com called the console version's frame rate so consistent it was " scarcely believable ", although GameSpot's Walton cited occasional frame rate dips. GameSpot's Peter Brown opined that the PC	PC	PROPN	version	NOUN	 version
An alumna of Kalakshetra in Madras (now Chennai) under the tutelage of Srimathi Rukmini Devi Arundale, she emigrated with her family to Singapore in 1974. In 1977 she and her husband founded the performance arts company Apsaras Arts, which has staged performances throughout the world	world	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
" He was sent in a Lockheed F 104 Starfighter to inspect Delamar Dry Lake in southern Nevada, again for emergency landings. He misjudged his altitude, and also did not realize that the landing gear had not fully extended. As he touched down, the landing	landing	NOUN	gear	NOUN	 gear
Speyer put up the necessary funds, encouraged Newman and Wood to continue with their project of musical education, and underwrote the Proms and the main Symphony Concert seasons. Newman remained manager of the hall until 1906 and manager of the concerts until he died in 1926.	.	PUNCT	The	DET	 The
This topographic relief is the greatest elevation gradient in the contiguous United States and is the terminus point of the Great Basin's southwestern drainage. Although the extreme lack of water in the Great Basin makes this distinction of little current practical use, it does mean that in	in	ADP	wetter	NOUN	 wetter
Jetfire's plan works, as Cloudburst's team, now equipped with Thunderwing's technology, is able to dispose of the Nega Cores in the Dead Universe, closing it off completely. Jhiaxus is hunted down on Gorlam Prime by Arcee and Hardhead (now undead like	like	ADP	the	DET	 the
The Orphanage was picked up by Picturehouse at the Berlin Film Festival for American distribution. The Orphanage was released on DVD and Blu ray on April 22, 2008 for a Region 1 release by New Line Cinema. Both discs featured the same bonus features. A Region	Region	NOUN	2	NUM	 2
The village of Velika Glava fell to the Serbs before mid day, and by the late afternoon the Rajin Grob ridge had been retaken. At around this time, the Austro Hungarians began retreating with increasing rapidity, their will and cohesion apparently shattered. The 3rd Army	Army	PROPN	had	VERB	 had
He batted.318 with a.505 on base percentage and 24 stolen bases. After two years at the University of Kentucky, Kipnis transferred to Arizona State University. He played baseball for the Sun Devils and double majored in psychology and sociology. In an interview, Kipnis stated that	that	SCONJ	the	DET	 the
Storm petrels also use dynamic soaring and slope soaring to travel over the ocean surface. Dynamic soaring is used mostly by the Hydrobatinae, gliding across wave fronts gaining energy from the vertical wind gradient. Slope soaring is more straightforward and favoured by the Oceanitinae, the storm	storm	NOUN	petrel	NOUN	 petrel
11th printing: A Latin version by Jodocus Hondius and John Isaac Pontanus appeared in London in 1659. Octavo. 12th printing: Hues, Robert; John Isaac Pontanus (1659), A Learned Treatise of Globes, both Cœlestiall and Terrestriall with their Several Uses..	..	PUNCT	,	PUNCT	,
In a later interview, Honeywood stated that the biggest issue was with the multiple religious references, and the concept at the end of " killing God ", which needed to be adjusted so that it remained faithful to the original premise while stepping around some content that	that	PRON	might	AUX	 might
The troop program and activities are determined by the senior patrol leader and the patrol leaders council under the oversight of the Scoutmaster. Troops generally hold meetings weekly, although they can be irregular during the summer. Troop meeting activities may vary from training in Scout skills to	to	ADP	planning	VERB	 planning
The Cycle Center conducts two- to three hour tours, with reservations dependent on the seasons. Tours include the Lake Michigan lakefront, the North Side, the South Side and night time sightseeing. Self guided tours are also available. Reservations are recommended from April to August	August	PROPN	and	CCONJ	 and
He noted that 27.8% of judicial review cases in Singapore since 1957 have been successful. However, certain matters are regarded as impervious to judicial review owing to limitations in the courts ' institutional capacity. Courts are generally reluctant to get involved in affairs relating to national	national	ADJ	security	NOUN	 security
The columns tapered after the 66th floor, and consisted of welded box sections at lower floors and rolled wide flange sections at upper floors. The structural core in 1 WTC was oriented with the long axis east to west, while that of 2 WTC was oriented north	north	NOUN	to	ADP	 to
The 12.24 kilometer (7.61 mi) line was built as a narrow gauge branch line of the Jæren Line by the Norwegian State Railways (NSB) and opened in 1924. It runs through the villages of Foss Eikeland and Figgjo in Sandnes to Ålgård in Gjesdal.	.	PUNCT	Several	ADJ	 Several
The camp is serviced by a carrier boat, the North Islander, which visits the island every three days, bringing supplies and taking out the catch and any domestic waste. North Island is considered to have high conservation value with respect to its populations of brush bronzewing	bronzewing	VERB	and	CCONJ	 and
" Paper Clip " premiered on the Fox network on September 29, 1995, and was first broadcast in the United Kingdom on BBC Two on September 19, 1996. The episode earned a Nielsen household rating of 11.1 with a 20 share, meaning that roughly 11.1	11.1	NUM	percent	NOUN	 percent
" Released in 1991, the movie went direct to video. Soon after, he became a recurring cast member on the ABC sitcom Growing Pains, playing Luke Brower, a homeless boy who is taken in by the Seaver family. DiCaprio made his big screen breakthrough	breakthrough	NOUN	in	ADP	 in
There are several rooms attached to the rear of the structure that lack direct access to the main building; these are believed to have been dedicated to community storage. Chetro Ketl and Pueblo Bonito are the only two great houses in Chaco Canyon with corner doorways. Great	Great	ADJ	kivas	PROPN	 kivas
Hütter and Schneider met with musicians David Bowie and Iggy Pop prior to recording which influenced song lyrics. Maxime Schmitt encouraged the group to record a French language version of the song " Showroom Dummies " which led the group to later record several songs in French. The	The	DET	album	NOUN	 album
Forming out of an area of low pressure on February 10, Nancy quickly organized into a small, but intense, cyclone. By February 14, the storm explosively intensified into a Category 4 severe tropical cyclone with winds peaking at 175 km / h (110 mph	mph	NOUN	10	NUM	 10
The latter two songs were accepted for Madonna's self titled debut album, in a reworked version; however the demos were left with Bray. When Bray decided to release the demo tracks in an album, he remixed some of them for a more contemporary appeal.	.	PUNCT	"	PUNCT	 "
A week later, they reached Fort Robinson, which the Stephen garrison had abandoned but stashed a large supply of flour. The expedition left Long Island on March 22, continuing northward to an army camp where Timberlake had left some belongings. He was deeply disappointed to	to	PART	find	VERB	 find
He ran as a Republican for county prosecutor of the Ninth Missouri Judicial District. By the fall of 1864, he was serving as a member of the Electoral College and voted for Abraham Lincoln. In 1868, Parker won a six year term as judge of the	the	DET	Twelfth	PROPN	 Twelfth
However, Longyearbyen does provide supplies, accommodation and several museums. In 2008, Longyearbyen experienced 89,000 guest nights, up from 30,000 in 1995. The average guest stayed 2.2 nights and 60 percent of the capacity was used by tourists. About 40,000 tourists flew into Longyearbyen	Longyearbyen	PROPN	.	PUNCT	.
" For decades, the commercial technology for separating tantalum from niobium involved the fractional crystallization of potassium heptafluorotantalate away from potassium oxypentafluoroniobate monohydrate, a process that was discovered by Jean Charles Galissard de Marignac in 1866. This method has been supplanted by solvent extraction from fluoride containing	containing	VERB	solutions	NOUN	 solutions
It is often referred to as the Devbhumi (literally: " Land of the Gods ") due to many Hindu temples and pilgrimage centres found throughout the state. Uttarakhand is known for its natural beauty of the Himalayas, the Bhabhar and the Terai. On 9	9	NUM	November	PROPN	 November
The show enjoyed consistently high Appreciation Index ratings: " Love & Monsters ", regarded by Doctor Who fans as his worst script, gained a rating of 76, just short of the 2006 average rating of 77; and the episodes " The Stolen Earth " and	and	CCONJ	"	PUNCT	 "
Waldman was the head of Group TR 6 (Airborne Measurements) for the Trinity nuclear test in July 1945. He developed microphones that were dropped by parachute to measure the effect of the blast. He was then assigned to Project Alberta, the part of the Manhattan	Manhattan	PROPN	Project	PROPN	 Project
The film grossed $400 million during its worldwide theatrical run. In 1989, seven years after the events of the first film, Kevin Flynn, who has been recently promoted CEO of ENCOM International, disappears. Twenty years later, his son Sam, now ENCOM	ENCOM	PROPN	's	PART	's
He hit a game winning double on August 18, against the Cincinnati Reds in the top of the tenth inning. He was acquired to be a full time first baseman; however, during his tenure in San Francisco, he was third on the depth chart (	(	PUNCT	behind	ADP	behind
Crean had caught Captain Scott's attention with his attitude and work ethic on the Discovery Expedition, and in 1906 Scott requested that Crean join him on Victorious. Over the next few years Crean followed Scott successively to Albemarle, Essex and Bulwark. By 1907, Scott	Scott	PROPN	was	AUX	 was
In November 2011, GTTV host Geoff Keighley said that Valve was developing a simplified level editing tool to allow novice editors to assemble test chambers without learning how to use the modified Valve Hammer Editor, and an in game system to distribute user created levels via the Steam	Steam	PROPN	Workshop	PROPN	 Workshop
The airport is currently served by 10 airlines and offers 390 daily arriving and departing flights with nonstop flights to more than 55 markets in the US, Canada, Mexico, Bahamas, Jamaica, Dominican Republic and Cuba. The airport terminal complex includes an over 1,000,000 square	square	ADJ	foot	NOUN	 foot
In contrast, sea surface temperatures during the 2005 season were well above average. Overall, the season's activity was reflected with a low cumulative accumulated cyclone energy (ACE) rating of 79. ACE is, broadly speaking, a measure of the power of the	the	DET	hurricane	NOUN	 hurricane
Achilles's foremast was converted to a tripod mast to support the weight of a fire control director after the Battle of Jutland in 1916, but when the director was actually fitted is not known. Achilles was ordered as part of the 1903 – 04 naval construction programme	programme	NOUN	as	ADP	 as
First held in 1829, the race takes place on the 4.2 miles (6.8 km) Championship Course on the River Thames in southwest London. The rivalry is a major point of honour between the two universities; it is followed throughout the United Kingdom and as of	of	ADP	2014	NUM	 2014
Baptism also unites the baptized with Christ's history, meaning that the person can be said to have died, been buried, and raised again just as Christ was. The baptized person's identity in Christ is based on Christ's action in baptism rather than the	the	DET	person	NOUN	 person
When one lap is finished, the player's " ghost " (a replay of the lap that was just completed) will appear. Whenever a better time on the lap is accomplished, the old ghost will be replaced by the faster one. In the "	"	PUNCT	Quick	PROPN	 Quick
The Mountaineers also once enjoyed a fierce rivalry with their Appalachia counterparts, the Virginia Tech Hokies. The schools once competed on an annual basis from 1973 to 2005, doing so as Big East Conference rivals starting in 1991. Beginning in 1997, West Virginia and Virginia	Virginia	PROPN	Tech	PROPN	 Tech
In January 2010, Wade and Alonzo Mourning co founded The Athletes Relief Fund for Haiti ", which raised money to help the victims of the 2010 Haiti earthquake. In the three days since the fund began soliciting donations from athletes, Wade announced that the " Athletes	Athletes	PROPN	Relief	PROPN	 Relief
Sniper Wolf's costume can also be developed for the character Quiet in Metal Gear Solid V: The Phantom Pain. A special Sniper Wolf character card appears in the non canon spin off game Metal Gear Acid 2 (2005). Some other developers have also given	given	VERB	homage	NOUN	 homage
" Like Newby, I was in a soulless job, desperate for change and adventure. Reading A Short Walk was a revelation. The superbly crafted, eccentric and evocative story of his Afghan travels was like a call to arms. " John Gimlette, in the	the	DET	same	ADJ	 same
In this setting, Domalpalli tells his story with tender precision, and never an awkward moment. " Ebert listed it among the top five foreign films of 2007. According to Laura Kern from The New York Times, the film " is a coming of age tale	tale	NOUN	that	PRON	 that
Calhoun labored to raise troops, provide funds, speed logistics, rescue the currency, and regulate commerce to aid the war effort. One colleague hailed him as, " the young Hercules who carried the war on his shoulders. " Disasters on the battlefield made him	him	PRON	double	VERB	 double
Sharmila Tagore starred as Doyamoyee, a young wife who is deified by her father in law. Ray was worried that the censor board might block his film, or at least make him re cut it, but Devi was spared. In 1961, on the insistence	insistence	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
Boyd moved north upstream about 5 miles (8.0 km) and crossed the Savannah River there, skirmishing with a small Patriot force that had shadowed his movements on the Georgia side. Boyd reported losing 100 men, killed, wounded, or deserted, in the encounter	encounter	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
When the question arose as to whether Laucke would ever play de Lucía's compositions in public, he advised Laucke, " you must do it in your own style ". He teamed up again with de Lucía to give a series of concerts combining the two repertoires	repertoires	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
" However, after the fall of the Iron Curtain in 1989, the popularity of imported exotic breeds nearly drove the Russian Toy into extinction. A resurgence occurred thanks to a new energetic generation of dog breeders, but the breed remained virtually unknown outside of Russia until	until	ADP	the	DET	 the
WASP 15 has a metallicity of [Fe / H] of -0.17, which means that it has 68% of the iron found in the Sun. WASP 15b has a mass of 0.542 times Jupiter's mass and a radius that is 1.428 times Jupiter's radius	radius	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
Mackin joined Conference Premier team Droylsden on a one month loan on 24 January 2008, having made seven appearances for Wrexham up to that point during the season. He made his debut in a 1 – 0 victory over Kidderminster Harriers and on 31 January 2008 the loan	loan	NOUN	was	AUX	 was
The initial non military application of waveguide filters was in the microwave links used by telecommunications companies to provide the backbone of their networks. These links were also used by other industries with large, fixed networks, notably television broadcasters. Such applications were part of large capital	capital	NOUN	investment	NOUN	 investment
" Multiple publications including Giant Bomb, Kotaku, MTV and GameTrailers gave XCOM: Enemy Unknown their overall Game of the Year award for 2012. GameSpy also gave XCOM its Game of the Year award (" Achievements: Game of the Year, High Tension, Making	Making	VERB	Turn	NOUN	 Turn
Despite this, he eventually qualified as a parachute instructor, although the footnote on his course report read, " not suited to parachuting – either in size or inclination. " In his memoirs Large recalls that the last shots he fired on active duty were warning shots	shots	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
After his 1955 song " Folsom Prison Blues ", Cash had been interested in recording a performance at a prison. His idea was put on hold until 1967, when personnel changes at Columbia Records put Bob Johnston in charge of producing Cash's material. Cash had	had	AUX	recently	ADV	 recently
The community nearest the volcano is Cougar, Washington, in the Lewis River valley 11 miles (18 km) south southwest of the peak. Gifford Pinchot National Forest surrounds Mount St. Helens. During the winter of 1980 – 1981, a new glacier appeared. Now	Now	ADV	officially	ADV	 officially
On 8 May 2013, Ferguson announced that he was to retire as manager at the end of the football season, but would remain at the club as a director and club ambassador. The club announced the next day that Everton manager David Moyes would replace him from	from	ADP	1	NUM	 1
As a replacement, a new G 1203 BB was bought from Maschinenbau Kiel and was delivered to Kirkenes on 8 February 1991. In 1988, the first part of the Kirkenes plant was closed, and the mining company drastically reduced production because its owner, the Ministry	Ministry	PROPN	of	ADP	 of
Adolf of Berg died in 1437 and his cousin, Gerhard IV, the Duke of Jülich and Count of Ravensburg (Westphalia), inherited both the Liège properties and the Duchy of Berg. Arnold reasserted his old claim, maintaining that the truce to which he and	and	CCONJ	Adolf	PROPN	 Adolf
When casualties were suffered they were reported as having occurred within Malaysian territory. 3 RAR formally relieved a British Army battalion, the 1 / 7th Gurkhas, in the Bau area of Sarawak on 22 March 1965, although they had mounted a number of familiarisation patrols inside	inside	ADP	Malaysian	ADJ	 Malaysian
The ship was used as a floating barracks by the Third Destroyer Division from 1902 to 1908 and was then used as an observation post during gunnery training. Lava was converted into a mine storage hulk in 1912 and renamed Blokshiv No. 1 on 14 April of that	that	DET	year	NOUN	 year
Prizes included silver trophies for the mounted sports, and perhaps also money for the other events. The contests were refereed by officials called sticklers, from which the phrase " a stickler for the rules " is derived. Sticklers were so named because they carried sticks,	,	PUNCT	with	ADP	 with
Following the season's conclusion, Urlacher received minor neck surgery to treat his arthritic back. During the off season, Urlacher revised his contract with the Bears, who granted him a $6 million signing bonus with a $1 million increase in salary each of the	the	DET	next	ADJ	 next
" Chris Martin of Coldplay remarked that, " It would be interesting to see how the world would be different if Dick Cheney really listened to Radiohead's OK Computer. I think the world would probably improve. That album is fucking brilliant. It changed my life	life	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
The role of lymphocytes in mediating both cell mediated and humoral responses was demonstrated by James Gowans in 1959. In order to account for the wide range of antigens the immune system can recognize, Paul Ehrlich in 1900 had hypothesized that preexisting " side chain receptors " bind	bind	VERB	a	DET	 a
The specific epithet abruptibulbus refers to the abruptly (abrupti-) swollen (-bulbus) shape of the bulb at the base of the stem. The convex cap measures 30 – 80 mm (1.2 – 3.1 in) in diameter. Slightly sticky when wet, the cap	cap	NOUN	surface	NOUN	 surface
) One of the simplest branched structures is a four arm junction that consists of four individual DNA strands, portions of which are complementary in a specific pattern. Unlike in natural Holliday junctions, each arm in the artificial immobile four arm junction has a different base sequence	sequence	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
Shane later sleeps with Niki, leaving Jenny heartbroken. In season six, it is revealed that Jenny is dead. The series then reverts three months before the incident, picking up from the previous series finale. Shane's ex girlfriend Molly Kroll (Clementine Ford)	)	PUNCT	gives	VERB	 gives
The core gameplay of Dead Head Fred revolves around Fred's missing head and his ability to " switch " heads by defeating certain enemies, decapitating them, and collecting their heads (referred to as " headhunting "). As Fred explores the city of Hope Falls	Falls	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
0.1677 pounds (76.1 g) of phosphorus per day comes from land classified as " transition " by the Pennsylvania Department of Environmental Protection, 0.0776 pounds (35.2 g) comes from turf grass, 0.0750 pounds (34.0 g) comes from septic systems, and 0.0739	0.0739	NUM	pounds	NOUN	 pounds
All games were eight ends long, and there were no extra ends. Also, six mixed doubles games and six singles competition games were played, as before. However, there were eighteen team games instead of the previous twelve, and there were six skins games	games	NOUN	instead	ADV	 instead
The habitat meat ants live in may affect their dominance among the fauna. They are less successful in complex habitats and more successful in open areas, allowing workers to forage efficiently; for example, workers forage around rocks and collect food sources more successfully in contrast to	to	ADP	those	PRON	 those
She elaborated: " So you think that must be kind of a sad ballad, but it's a party song.... It's about breaking free. " " Liberty Walk " is an uptempo dance pop song, with a length of four minutes and six seconds	seconds	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
The Countess's increasing intimacy with her husband and daughter was painful and vexing to Teresa Cristina. Although she feigned ignorance of the situation, it did not pass unnoticed. She wrote in her diary that Barral " wished to make me tell her that I did not	not	PART	like	VERB	 like
The police write off his death as a heart attack; Shawn and Gus are skeptical, and break into Cavanaugh's booth to investigate. Gus finds Cavanaugh's lunch, and believes that it is poisoned due to its unusual smell. Shawn takes it to his father	father	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
(Meanwhile, his father had been writing a treatise on " the means of preventing thefts and murders, and of restoring the men who commit them to a useful role in society ", in which he heaped disdain on prison as a form of crime prevention.	.	PUNCT	)	PUNCT	)
After the end of the War of 1812, the population of St. Louis and the Missouri Territory began expanding quickly. During this expansion land was donated for the Old St. Louis County Courthouse. The population increase stirred interest in statehood for Missouri, and in 1820,	,	PUNCT	Congress	PROPN	 Congress
It is routinely featured in travel guides and other visitor information, and has even garnered international recognition through such publications as Ripley's Believe It Or Not, where it has been featured on several occasions. The site of the tree contains two stone tablets. The first	first	ADJ	is	AUX	 is
Dunstan had never been happy that governors were usually British ex servicemen; it was a personal goal of his to see an active and notable South Australian take on the role. Although the post was ceremonial, Oliphant brought energy to the role, and he used his	his	PRON	stature	NOUN	 stature
Mark Curry and Holly Robinson of the ABC sitcom Hangin ' with Mr. Cooper co hosted for 1993 – 94, with segments at Walt Disney World featuring performances by acts such as Brooks and Dunn and Kiss, along with the marriage of two California firefighters, Laura Turpin	Turpin	PROPN	and	CCONJ	 and
As early as 1914, Victor David Brenner, designer of the Lincoln cent, submitted unsolicited designs for the silver coins. He was told in response that Secretary of the Treasury William G. McAdoo was completely occupied with other matters. On January 2, 1915, an	an	DET	interview	NOUN	 interview
Stricklett split the 1900 season with Wheeling and the Toledo Mud Hens, also of the Interstate League, pitching to a 13 8 record. In 1901, Stricklett pitched for the Toledo Swamp Angels of the Western Association and Sacramento Senators of the California League, compiling a	a	DET	27	NUM	 27
As noted above, this version of events was almost taken for granted at the time of the sinking. Doubt first arose as a result of eyewitness testimony that the explosion that destroyed Hood originated near the mainmast, well forward of the aft magazines (for example,	,	PUNCT	the	DET	 the
The cathedral was sympathetically restored between 1845 and 1870 by the architect George Gilbert Scott. As the seat of a diocese, Ely has long been considered a city; in 1974, city status was granted by royal charter. Ely is built on a 23 square mile	mile	NOUN	(	PUNCT	 (
A prominent pair of horns protruded obliquely above the eyes. These horns, formed by the frontal bones, were thick, cone shaped but in cross section somewhat vertically flattened, and measured 15 cm (5.9 in) in length. In life, they would probably	probably	ADV	have	AUX	 have
By the time Helbig received the coveted decoration, he had flown 122 combat missions. Helbig's success in surviving seemingly hopeless situations was due to his excellent crew, which included Oberfeldwebel Franz Schlund who, on 30 August 1941, became the first Luftwaffe radio operator to	to	PART	be	AUX	 be
Fighting elephants may roar or squeal, and wounded ones may bellow. Rumbles are produced during mild arousal and some appear to be infrasonic. Infrasonic calls are important, particularly for long distance communication, in both Asian and African elephants. For Asian elephants, these calls	calls	NOUN	have	VERB	 have
Gibbs has worked in the timber industry, as a manager with a whitewater rafting company in Lake Luzerne, New York, and as an outdoor adventure guide in Gunnison, Colorado. As a local businessperson, he was a member of and diplomat for the Summit Chamber	Chamber	PROPN	of	ADP	 of
NY 23 was extended westward to NY 12 in Norwich in the mid 1920s. In the 1930 renumbering of state highways in New York, NY 23 was extended west along a previously unnumbered roadway to NY 26 in northwest Chenango County. From Norwich to North Pharsalia,	,	PUNCT	NY	PROPN	 NY
The system recurved east of Taiwan, dissipating by December 14. The initial tropical disturbance formed on November 30 in the wake of Kim near the International Dateline. The system moved west northwest, developing into a tropical depression and tropical storm on December 4. Lex remained	remained	VERB	a	DET	 a
Despite the domination of the print industry, other businesses were also established on Fleet Street. The Automobile Association was established at No. 18 Fleet Street in 1905. Since the post Wapping migration, Fleet Street is now more associated with the investment banking, legal and	and	CCONJ	accountancy	NOUN	 accountancy
Once Birmingham Dissenters started to agitate for the repeal of the Test and Corporation Acts, which restricted Dissenters ' civil rights (preventing them, for instance, from attending the Universities of Oxford or Cambridge, or from holding public office), the semblance of unity among	among	ADP	the	DET	 the
He then defeated three time former quarterfinalist Tommy Robredo to get to his first semifinal of a Grand Slam. He was defeated in a close semifinal, where he was leading by a set twice, by eventual champion Federer who, after their match, said: "	"	PUNCT	[	X	 [
A versatile player, he was capable of playing both as a centre back and as a left back. He played for the Georgia national team from 1996 to 2011. He was voted Georgian Footballer of the Year in 2001 – 2003, and 2006 and was considered	considered	VERB	as	ADP	 as
On 24 May, she lost one of her helicopters after the crew pushed their chopper to the limit of its fuel searching for a downed aviator. The helicopter crew was able to reach friendly territory and were later returned to their ship. With Admiral Arthur W. Radford	Radford	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
Reflecting a design speed of 350 km / h (217 mph), track layout was designed with a minimum curve radius of 6,250 m (20,505 ft), track centre distance of 4,500 mm (177.2 in), right of way width of 18 m (	(	PUNCT	59	NUM	59
Conducting meta analyses of recent studies, she demonstrates that, while statistically significant differences in measures of mean risk aversion are sometimes found, the substantive size of these group level differences tend to be small (on the order of a fraction of a standard deviation),	,	PUNCT	and	CCONJ	 and
In contrast, in Hegra no one from the municipal council chose to attend the opening ceremony, and no one from Nedre Stjørdal attended the opening at Hell either. By 1880 the railway had six locomotives at its disposal. No. 1 – 2 were Class 14	14	NUM	that	PRON	 that
She operated under the name USCGC Porter (CG 7) until 1933, when she was returned to the Navy. Later that year, the ship was renamed DD 59 to free the name Porter for another destroyer. She was sold for scrap in August 1934.	.	PUNCT	Porter	PROPN	 Porter
Five UCF programs as among the nation's " Best Graduate Schools. " U.S. News & World Report ranked the university's atomic, molecular, and optical physics program 13th nationally, the nonprofit management public affairs program 25th, and the counselor education program now breaking the	the	DET	top	ADJ	 top
It was thus the monumental Royal Stoa which gave Herod his rightful status on the Mount, a showcase of his majesty and grandeur. Every major Roman city had a basilica which was used for banking, law courts, and other commercial transactions. In Jerusalem, the	the	DET	Royal	PROPN	 Royal
He is best remembered for his invention of an early instant coffee process and for the company he founded to mass produce it, the G. Washington Coffee Company. An emigrant from his native Belgium, he arrived in the New York area in 1897 and dabbled in several	several	ADJ	technical	ADJ	 technical
The foundations that Jackson discovered during the excavations were left exposed for the benefit of visitors and larger numbers of tourists began to come to the castle to see the ruins, including Louis Napoléon Bonaparte in 1846. The lead coffins in the chapel crypt were popular with tourists	tourists	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
The underlying mechanism that causes this is unknown. The reason for Uranus's unusual axial tilt is also not known with certainty, but the usual speculation is that during the formation of the Solar System, an Earth sized protoplanet collided with Uranus, causing the skewed orientation	orientation	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
The Onslow Salt company reported upwards of A $20 million (US $16 million) in lost revenue. Following the storm, residents and companies affected by the storm were allowed to file insurance claims. About A $240,000 (US $193,000) was filed	filed	VERB	in	ADP	 in
Undergraduate students may qualify for graduation honors. University Honors is the highest distinction BYU awards its graduates. Administered by the Honors Program, the distinction requires students to complete an honors curriculum requirement, a Great Questions requirement, an Experiential Learning requirement, an honors thesis requirement	requirement	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
The hurricane also destroyed all forts on the island. According to British admiral George Brydges Rodney, 1st Baron Rodney, the winds carried their heavy cannons aloft 100 feet (30 m). About 4,500 people died on Barbados. In Saint Vincent, the hurricane destroyed	destroyed	VERB	584	NUM	 584
In the 19th century, the fin whale was occasionally hunted by open boat whalers, but it was relatively safe, because it could easily outrun ships of the time and often sank when killed, making the pursuit a waste of time for whalers. However, the	the	DET	later	ADJ	 later
Leaders including US Lieutenant General George E. Stratemeyer and General of the Army Douglas MacArthur personally witnessed the final sortie of the day, in which four North Korean aircraft attacked four F 51 Mustang aircraft over the town. The four F 51s succeeded in shooting down all four	four	NUM	of	ADP	 of
He later selected it for inclusion in the only collection of his short stories published during his lifetime, Foggerty's Fairy and Other Tales (1890), at which point he renamed it to match the theatrical adaptation. Gilbert did not originally intend for the story to	to	PART	be	AUX	 be
The disgraced Rodimus flees Earth alone, and the Autobots rally under Bumblebee. Working with Skywatch, the Autobots begin helping them deal with Transformer related crises around Earth, finding themselves caught between the Combaticons, allied with North Korea, and the Predacons, working for China	China	PROPN	.	PUNCT	.
At the beginning of the Ramcharitmanas, Tulsidas performs Samasti Vandana (obeisance to all beings) in which he bows down to the world also, saying it is " pervaded by " or " born out of " Sita and Rama. As per some verses in Ramcharitmanas	Ramcharitmanas	PROPN	and	CCONJ	 and
The house now serves as a residential outdoor education centre run by Gwent Outdoor Centres, an organisation jointly supported by the local authorities of Newport, Torfaen, Blaenau Gwent and Monmouthshire. Hilston House was for many years the principal estate and mansion in the parish of St.	St.	PROPN	Maughans	PROPN	 Maughans
In the 1980s, Iowa 150 near Oelwein was rerouted onto a new section of highway along the former right of way of the recently liquidated Rock Island Railroad. Originally proposed as a four lane highway, pressure from Oelwein residents caused the Iowa Transportation Commission to approve a	a	DET	three	NUM	 three
East of the Judith River is Pig Eye Basin, where Jake Hoover, credited as the person who discovered Yogo sapphires, owned a ranch. Because Yogo Gulch lies in a region historically inhabited by the Piegan Blackfeet people, promoters of Yogo sapphires claim that yogo may	may	AUX	mean	VERB	 mean
C. megalodon is represented in the fossil record primarily by teeth and vertebral centra. As with all sharks, C. megalodon's skeleton was formed of cartilage rather than bone; this means that most fossil specimens are poorly preserved. While the earliest C. megalodon remains were reported	reported	VERB	from	ADP	 from
Ibrahim II then briefly named his own son as governor, before the appointment of the Sicilian Husayn ibn Rabah. Husayn renewed the campaigns against the remaining Byzantine strongholds in the northeast, especially Taormina, in 879 – 880, but without success. Indeed, the Byzantines	Byzantines	PROPN	were	AUX	 were
Although originally proposed to serve Downtown Woonsocket, an alternate routing that terminated at Route 122 and ran closer to the Woonsocket – Cumberland border was later constructed by the Rhode Island Department of Transportation (RIDOT). The four lane freeway began construction in 1987 and was completed	completed	VERB	in	ADP	 in
The transportation commission approved on October 4, 1982. On September 7, 1999, the Oklahoma State Transportation Commission approved an item realigning US 59 and SH 100 in Stilwell, removing US 59 from Second Street and placing it on Front Street. On March 3,	,	PUNCT	2003	NUM	 2003
When the two sons were to come of age they would assume power in the two territories, but if any died, one of Saladin's brothers would take their place. In the summer of 1183, after ravaging eastern Galilee, Saladin's raids there culminated in	in	ADP	the	DET	 the
A remastered version is in development for PlayStation 4 and Xbox One. A successor, Batman: Arkham Origins, was released in October 2013, and a narrative sequel, Batman: Arkham Knight, was released in June 2015. Batman: Arkham City is an open	open	ADJ	world	NOUN	 world
Back in good health in 2010, Pineda was 8 – 1 with a 2.22 ERA for the West Tenn Diamond Jaxx of the Class AA Southern League with 78 strikeouts and 17 walks in 77 IP and 3 – 3 with a 4.76 ERA for the Tacoma Rainiers of	of	ADP	the	DET	 the
Occupancy issues at Constitution Center were further confused by legislative action. In October 2011, the United States House Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure voted 31 to 22 to permit the Federal Trade Commission to lease 160,000 square feet (15,000 m2) of space at Constitution Center and	and	CCONJ	vacate	VERB	 vacate
VA Northern Indiana Health Care System's Fort Wayne Campus provides medical services through the Department of Veterans Affairs. Water and sewage treatment are municipal services. The City of Fort Wayne supplies residents with 72 million US gallons (270,000 m3) of water per day via the	the	DET	Three	PROPN	 Three
However, this gift soon turns into a curse, as seeing Yuel die repeatedly makes him hateful towards Etro, attempting to condition Noel to be his killer before deciding to enter Valhalla and kill the goddess personally. As Serah and Noel encounter the past versions of him	him	PRON	during	ADP	 during
Roddenberry was allocated $3 to $5 million to develop a script. By June 30, he had produced what he considered an acceptable script, but studio executives disagreed. This first draft, The God Thing, featured a grounded Admiral Kirk assembling the old crew	crew	NOUN	on	ADP	 on
Examples are ioflupane (123I) (trade name DaTSCAN) and iometopane (Dopascan) for SPECT or fluorodeoxyglucose (18F) and DTBZ for PET. A pattern of reduced dopaminergic activity in the basal ganglia can aid in diagnosing PD. Exercise in middle age reduces the	the	DET	risk	NOUN	 risk
Historian Ronald Numbers has been quoted as saying: " I can't say much about Gould's strengths as a scientist, but for a long time I've regarded him as the second most influential historian of science (next to Thomas Kuhn). " Shortly before	before	ADP	his	PRON	 his
The walls were roughly built from slate and granite, up to 11 foot (3.4 m) thick, and pierced by arrow slits. The tower had a spine wall along the middle of the building, dividing each floor into two rooms. The entrance was probably	probably	ADV	on	ADP	 on
He discreetly asks for her number and they begin an affair. While Chris is spending time with his wife's family, Nola calls to inform him that she is pregnant. Panicked, Chris asks her to get an abortion, but she refuses, saying that she	she	PRON	wants	VERB	 wants
Virginia Beach receives its water from Lake Gaston. The Virginia Tidewater area has grown faster than the local freshwater supply. The river water has always been salty, and fresh groundwater is no longer available in most areas. Currently, water for the Tidewater area is pumped	pumped	VERB	from	ADP	 from
As typical of political cartoonists of the time, Bengough aimed less at laughter than at social satire and depended more on readers ' understanding of densely packed allusions. No other political figure came to life so vividly beneath Bengough's pen; no other cartoonists, even those	those	PRON	who	PRON	 who
In the Himalayas, they form large flocks in winter. The preferred feeding habitat is short grass produced by grazing, for example by sheep and rabbits, the numbers of which are linked to the chough's breeding success. Suitable feeding areas can also arise where plant	plant	NOUN	growth	NOUN	 growth
" In 2006, Tom Moon of NPR reviewed the album as a part of his " Shadow Classics " series, calling it " amazing stuff, deep and intense yet nowhere near the decibel levels of his work with the [Allman Brothers] band.... But he	he	PRON	's	AUX	's
Three fun runs around the boating lake attracted over 4,000 participants in total, including Jayne Middlemiss, Andrew Hayden Smith and Futureheads guitarist David Craig. Local athletics club Saltwell Harriers have hosted an annual 10 kilometres (6.2 mi) race in and around Saltwell Park since 1911	1911	NUM	.	PUNCT	.
Both legends declare he visited the Morgaon temple regularly, daily or monthly to worship Ganesha. Another tale tells that Morya's parents, Bhat Shaligram and his wife moved to Morgaon from Bidar. His parents prayed to Ganesha at Morgaon. Soon, Morya was born to	to	ADP	them	PRON	 them
This association is especially beneficial to the host, as the fungus produces enzymes that mineralize organic compounds and facilitate the transfer of nutrients to the tree. The only host trees identified for C. cinnabarinus are Quercus oaks, although related members of Calostoma have been observed to associate	associate	VERB	with	ADP	 with
The Diary of a Nobody was the work of George Grossmith and his brother Weedon Grossmith, the sons of a court reporter and part time stage entertainer, also named George. The younger George followed his father, first as a reporter and later on the stage;	;	PUNCT	the	DET	 the
In all, 56 people died in Dominica and 180 were injured. Property and agricultural damage figures in Dominica are unknown. Aside from Dominica, other islands in the Lesser Antilles experienced minor to moderate damage. Just to the south of Dominica, David brought Martinique winds	winds	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
To compress this crowd into the narrow space, shots are often fired to induce those already at the far end to huddle still closer together. When everybody is inside, the heavy doors are closed. Then there is a short pause, presumably to allow the room	room	NOUN	temperature	NOUN	 temperature
In the second and third editions, all pages within each family section are assigned a colored tab to match those in the quick visual reference inside the covers. Each species subsection has a distribution map, an illustration or photo (if available), a list of	of	ADP	common	ADJ	 common
Referring to the latter ideal, Kogălniceanu stressed that it formed: " the keystone without which the national edifice would crumble ". At the same time, he published a more explicit " Project for a Moldavian Constitution ", which expanded on how Dorințele could be translated	translated	VERB	into	ADP	 into
Production delays led to cost overruns and angry confrontations with Warner Bros. head Jack L. Warner. Principal photography wrapped on March 17, 1954. At Luft's suggestion, the " Born in a Trunk " medley was filmed as a showcase for her and inserted over director	director	NOUN	Cukor	PROPN	 Cukor
Manning finished the game with 225 yards passing, including a passing touchdown. He also had a rushing touchdown. Manning did not bounce back from the loss well. Against the San Diego Chargers he threw for a career worst and franchise record 6 interceptions. Despite this	this	PRON	,	PUNCT	,
The lyrics later turn into a stream of gibberish syllables. The Born in the U.S.A. album was released on June 4, 1984, and " I'm Goin ' Down ", the album's sixth single, came out in August 1985. The 7 " single	single	ADJ	version	NOUN	 version
Later, Tranmere was outplayed 1 – 4 by Burton Albion at Prenton Park, in the game that marked the senior debut of 17 year old midfielder Ben Jago. Young loanee George Green's goal scored in the ninety fourth minute cancelled Adebayo Akinfenwa's first half goal	goal	NOUN	to	PART	 to
A reconstituted ten member Board was chaired by UM's first president Bowman Foster Ashe (1926 – 1952). The new board included Merrick, Theodore Dickinson, E.B. Douglas, David Fairchild, James H. Gilman, Richardson Saunders, Frank B. Shutts, Joseph H. Adams	Adams	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
After the end of World War II, the troop returned home and began the process of demobilization. It inactivated on 8 October 1945 at Camp Shelby, Mississippi. On 26 December 1947, the inactive formation was redesignated as the 95th Mechanized Cavalry Reconnaissance Troop. It	It	PRON	was	AUX	 was
Author Elliot Huntley suggests that, having been incapable of assuaging his mother's pain as she lay dying in 1970, Harrison gained extra motivation from " a situation his fame and commercial cache could do something to alleviate ". As a B side for the hastily written	written	VERB	"	PUNCT	 "
Despite his early success, sales later declined and Muntz's creditors refused to provide further financing in 1954. Muntz admitted his business lost $1,457,000 from April to August 1953, and although he tried to reorganize, Muntz TV filed bankruptcy and went out of business in	in	ADP	1959	NUM	 1959
There were no more pitched battles and conflict was generally limited to raiding parties from both sides of the frontier until immediately prior to and after the Roman retreat from Britannia. Their apparent success in holding back Roman forces can not be explained solely with reference to the remoteness	remoteness	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
Following the season, Stauskas, who was regarded as a likely late first round selection, said he would need some time to process his decision and that he would make his decision after talking to his coaches and family. On April 6, Stauskas said he would	would	AUX	make	VERB	 make
In Resident Evil: Revelations (2012), set in 2005, Jill goes on a rescue mission to save Chris from the grip of the bioterrorist group Il Veltro, following a transmission from a luxury cruise ship Queen Zenobia, which turns out to be a trap	trap	NOUN	set	VERB	 set
Stephen Holden of the New York Times wrote that " Ms. Pfeiffer, giving the most complex screen performance of her career, makes her Olympian seductress at once irresistible and diabolical ". Kenneth Turan of the Los Angeles Times described her as " incandescent, " bringing "	"	PUNCT	power	NOUN	 power
The exams are interrupted as a result of the invasion of Konohagakure by the criminal Orochimaru and the ninja of Sunagakure, with Naruto defeating the sand village's One Tail Jinchuriki Gaara and convincing him of a better way to live. Shortly afterward, Naruto discovers the Akatsuki	Akatsuki	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
Subsequently, the Anglo Saxons, under Edmund, re conquered the Midlands, as far as Dore, in 942, and captured Northumbria in 944. The Domesday Book of 1086, which was compiled following the Norman Conquest of 1066, contains the earliest known reference to	to	ADP	the	DET	 the
Those made from carton can provide protection from the rain, and in fact can withstand high precipitation. Certain areas in mounds are used as strong points in case of a breach. For example, Cubitermes colonies build narrow tunnels used as strong points, as the diameter	diameter	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
The launch track is equipped with retractable magnetic braking fins which are raised after the train is launched in order to slow one that did not crest the hill. On very rare occasions a combination of the weight distribution of the train, the force of the launch,	,	PUNCT	and	CCONJ	 and
This allows time for the Secretary of State to tabulate stray late absentee ballots (i.e. from military voters stationed outside the state); calculate final adjustments of vote tallies; litigate legal disputes; and conduct recounts if necessary. A.3902 provided a clarification of this deadline as	as	ADP	"	PUNCT	 "
She was refloated later and sold for scrap to the Alloa Shipbreaking Co. on 6 February 1932. She arrived in Rosyth for demolition on 16 February. The tests provided invaluable experience that was incorporated into the King George V and Lion classes and HMS Vanguard. Of particular	particular	ADJ	importance	NOUN	 importance
Born in Corning, New York, he grew up in the shadow of Corning Glassworks, where his father headed Research and Development during the 1930s. Expected by his father to enter the field of physics, Littleton instead chose a career in art, gaining recognition first	first	ADV	as	ADP	 as
Now having greater control over her personal and financial affairs, Annis decides to move to Bath and live alone, to the displeasure of her brother and his family. Several years later, on the way back to Bath after a visit to her childhood home, Annis	Annis	PROPN	meets	VERB	 meets
" Michael Young said of Rivera, " I respect Mo more than anybody in the game. The guy goes out there, gets three outs and shakes [Jorge] Posada's hand. You appreciate someone who respects the game like he does, respects the people	people	NOUN	he	PRON	 he
The following versions are available: At the Allameh Amini library, written by Muhammad Ibn Muhammad Ibn Abd al Qahhar Shirazi, in 761 AH At the library of the Grand Mosque in Qom, written by Ridha bin Nizam bin Fakhruddin Hasani Amolie in 848 AH At the	the	DET	library	NOUN	 library
This study found that mandatory busing was required to attain racial balance in every school. Enrollment of white students in the Omaha Public Schools plummeted in the 1970s, while the enrollment of black students during the same period rose from 21% to 30%, primarily due	due	ADJ	to	ADP	 to
Not long after, Itachi returns to the area and Sasuke attempts to kill him, only to be beaten and tortured. Sasuke decides he needs to leave Team 7 in order to become stronger. Believing Orochimaru's tutelage will make him more powerful, Sasuke defects from	from	ADP	Konoha	PROPN	 Konoha
Nevertheless, Harrison agreed to attempt to satisfy Nuffield's desire for " something on the lines of Cotswold domestic architecture ", and produced a second design. The amount of accommodation provided was reduced. The main entrance was moved from the west to the south of the	the	DET	college	NOUN	 college
10.99 million US viewers watched " Never Been Kissed ". It was one of six episodes that were submitted to the judges for Glee's nomination in the Outstanding Comedy Series category at the 63rd Primetime Emmy Awards. Jones received an Outstanding Guest Actress in a Comedy Series	Series	PROPN	nomination	NOUN	 nomination
Other performance styles, such as hachijō daiko, have also emerged from specific communities in Japan. Kumi daiko performance groups are active not only in Japan, but also in the United States, Australia, Canada, and Brazil. Taiko performance consists of many components in	in	ADP	technical	ADJ	 technical
This is accompanied with Lightning, and several Claps of Thunder, to the end of the Storm. This multiplication of effects at the very outset of the play served as a shock and foretaste of what the audience would find farther along. The technical capacities of Dorset	Dorset	PROPN	Garden	PROPN	 Garden
According to longline capture data, increasing distance from land correlates to a greater population of sharks. Occasionally it is found close to land, in waters as shallow as 37 metres (120 ft), mainly around mid ocean islands such as Hawaii, or in areas	areas	NOUN	where	SCONJ	 where
Organisms inherit their genes from their parents. Asexual organisms simply inherit a complete copy of their parent's genome. Sexual organisms have two copies of each chromosome because they inherit one complete set from each parent. According to Mendelian inheritance, variations in an organism's phenotype	phenotype	NOUN	(	PUNCT	 (
The city council appoints the city manager, the city secretary, the city auditor, the city attorney, and the municipal judge. The city's Tax Collector is determined by the city council and is outsourced to Galveston County. The city manager hires employees, promotes	promotes	VERB	development	NOUN	 development
As king, Edward's main interests lay in the fields of foreign affairs and naval and military matters. Fluent in French and German, he made a number of visits abroad, and took annual holidays in Biarritz and Marienbad. One of his most important foreign trips	trips	NOUN	was	AUX	 was
In September 1521, Bucer accepted Sickingen's offer of the position of pastor at Landstuhl, where Sickingen had a castle, and Bucer moved to the town in May 1522. In summer 1522, he met and married Elisabeth Silbereisen, a former nun. Sickingen also	also	ADV	offered	VERB	 offered
The current, 2013 14, England strip is made by Canterbury. It features plain white shorts and a plain white shirt, but with an added black stripe on each sleeve. The current away kit has a red and white striped shirt, with blue shorts.	.	PUNCT	In	ADP	 In
Lennon had decided against dining out so he could be home in time to say goodnight to his son, before going on to the Stage Deli restaurant with Ono. Lennon liked to oblige any fans who had been waiting for long periods of time to meet him with	with	ADP	autographs	NOUN	 autographs
On an October 5, 2014 game between the Steelers and the Jacksonville Jaguars at EverBank Field, in which the Steelers won 17 9, Jaguars mascot Jaxson de Ville was seen holding a Terrible Towel on one hand and a handwritten sign that reads " Towels Carry Ebola	Ebola	PROPN	"	PUNCT	 "
With 359 manufacturing clusters cement is top sector of SMEs in UP. The Uttar Pradesh Financial Corporation (UPFC) was established in the year 1954 under the SFCs Act of 1951 mainly to develop small and medium scale industries in the state. UPFC provides financial assistance to	to	ADP	new	ADJ	 new
The common element to both church and palazzi interior design was the stucco work. Stucco is an important component of the Baroque design and philosophy, as it seamlessly combines architecture, sculpture, and painting in three dimensional form. Its combination with trompe l ' oeil ceilings	ceilings	NOUN	and	CCONJ	 and
The students sued the university for violation of their First Amendment right to freedom of speech in February 1977. For six years, Gay Student Services v. Texas A & M University wound its way through the courts; although the trial court ruled in favor of Texas A	A	PROPN	&	CCONJ	 &
Poe described it as breaking a blood vessel in her throat. She only partially recovered. Poe began to drink more heavily under the stress of Virginia's illness. He left Graham's and attempted to find a new position, for a time angling for a government	government	NOUN	post	NOUN	 post
The course was an out and back route. It first headed south, through an intermediate time check after 4.7 kilometres (2.9 mi), to a pair of 90 degree right hand turns halfway through the course. The course then headed north on almost entirely straight	straight	ADJ	roads	NOUN	 roads
With these, Ruisdael pits the natural world against the built environment, which has been overrun by the trees and shrubs surrounding the cemetery. Ruisdael's first Scandinavian views contain big firs, rugged mountains, large boulders and rushing torrents. Though convincingly realistic, they are	are	AUX	based	VERB	 based
In the community of Heberlig, the route makes another turn to the northeast and runs through more rural areas, passing through the community of Little Washington. The road heads into Lower Mifflin Township, where it makes quick turns to the southeast and then to the northeast	northeast	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
Before being introduced in Kingdom Hearts Birth by Sleep, Ventus first made cameos in the secret endings of Kingdom Hearts II and its re release, Kingdom Hearts II Final Mix, which depicted him and his friends Terra and Aqua battling Master Xehanort and Vanitas. Ventus is	is	AUX	also	ADV	 also
Between 1981 and 1983 Disney developed test footage with Darrell Van Citters as animation director, Paul Reubens voicing Roger Rabbit, Peter Renaday as Eddie Valiant, and Russi Taylor as Jessica Rabbit. The project was revamped in 1985 by Michael Eisner, the then new CEO of	of	ADP	Disney	PROPN	 Disney
Even models of single story farmhouses show a great amount of detail, including tiled roofs, courtyards, steps leading to walkways, farmyards with troughs and basins, parapets, and privies. Models of granaries and storehouses had tiled rooftops, dougong brackets, windows, and	and	CCONJ	stilt	VERB	 stilt
The judging panel included Shay Healy, the songwriter of " What's Another Year " which was the winning song for Ireland in 1980. More than 200 songs were submitted to the judging panel at RTÉ, with only 4 of them selected to compete at the national	national	ADJ	final	NOUN	 final
Lost Creek drains about 17 square miles (44 km2). Just after the two forks merge about 15 miles (24 km) northeast of Medford, Little Butte Creek receives Lake Creek on the left bank, flowing through the community of the same name at river	river	NOUN	mile	NOUN	 mile
The idea was partly inspired by the portrayal of local politics on the HBO drama series The Wire, as well as the renewed interest in and optimism about politics stemming from the 2008 United States presidential election. The staff was also drawn to the idea of building a	a	DET	show	NOUN	 show
This was demolished in 1847 and the site has now completely vanished beneath streets and housing, although the " Park Streets " of Chatteris mark the boundary of its walls and several buildings contain stone originating from the abbey. A large portion of the town was destroyed by	by	ADP	a	DET	 a
Previous experiences with tracheal intubation, especially difficult intubation, intubation for prolonged duration (e.g., intensive care unit) or prior tracheotomy are also noted. A detailed physical examination of the airway is important, particularly: the range of motion of the cervical spine: the	the	DET	subject	NOUN	 subject
Only two roads, Interstate 5 and State Route 99 (both limited access highways), run uninterrupted through the city from north to south. State Route 99 runs through downtown Seattle on the Alaskan Way Viaduct, which was built in 1953. However, due to	to	ADP	damage	NOUN	 damage
In early September 1917, following the German conquest of the Russian port of Riga, the German navy decided to eliminate the Russian naval forces that still held the Gulf of Riga. The Admiralstab (the Navy High Command) planned an operation to seize the Baltic island	island	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
The parents checked on the children throughout the evening, until Madeleine's mother discovered she was missing at 22: 00. At first the Portuguese police seemed to accept that it was an abduction, but after misinterpreting a British DNA analysis they came to believe that Madeleine	Madeleine	PROPN	had	AUX	 had
Principal photography began in April 2006 and ended in July 2006. Because of the sequence setting, the live action scenes are filmed in New York City. However, shooting in New York became problematic as it was in a " constant state of new stores, scaffolding	scaffolding	NOUN	and	CCONJ	 and
His performance there so impressed the local Phi Kappa Psi chapter, he was invited to join as an honorary member. Through the fraternity he met Robert Jones Burdette, a writer and minister in the Indianapolis area. Burdette was a member of the Redpath Lyceum Bureau of	of	ADP	Boston	PROPN	 Boston
In 1942, while America geared up for front line involvement in World War II, Pflueger received fewer assignments than he had been seeing previously. Grover Magnin kept a flow of work with I. Magnin designs, and Pflueger also helped the Army with a depot building in	in	ADP	Ogden	PROPN	 Ogden
The song was present on the chart for seven weeks. In Hungary, it debuted on the Mahasz Single Top 10 lista chart at number six on November 23, 2009, but fell off the next week. " Monster " debuted and peaked on the Australian ARIA	ARIA	PROPN	Singles	PROPN	 Singles
Spielberg's friends Hal Barwood and Matthew Robbins cameo as two World War II pilots returning from the mother ship. Real life ARP technician Phil Dodds cameos as the operator of the ARP 2500 synthesizer communicating with the alien ship. Musician Jerry Garcia also makes an appearance in	in	ADP	the	DET	 the
English indie rock band Cherry Ghost took its name from a lyric from the Wilco song " Theologians " (from A Ghost Is Born) — lead singer Simon Aldred is a self proclaimed " massive Wilco fan ". Other notable artists who have covered Wilco live include	include	VERB	Norah	PROPN	 Norah
" Citing participants ' independent efforts to coordinate teams using a variety of online platforms, Stein suggested that " GISHWHES may lack the overt language of industrial reconfiguration found in the Divine Kickstarter Project [a webseries that Collins engaged his fans to help fund]. But through	through	ADP	its	PRON	 its
He was recalled later in June as Shawn Hill was placed on the disabled list. He spent most of the season with Columbus, going 6 – 13 with a 4.66 ERA. He tied Yorman Bazardo and Charlie Haeger for the most losses in the International League that	that	DET	season	NOUN	 season
Rhee Taekwon Do was the first Australian martial art school founded by a Korean master and using the name of taekwondo. Rhee's school was also the first nationwide taekwondo school in Australia, having operated in South Australia from its founding in the mid 1960s, Western Australia	Australia	PROPN	from	ADP	 from
" Uzanne's written style was characterized by the use of Anglicisms and eccentric neologisms. Another of Uzanne's interests was female fashion, about which he wrote a number of books and articles that were later translated into English. Specifically, he was focused on the image	image	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
During the 1957 58 Ifni War, the United States ' ban on the usage of American ordnance supplied earlier as military aid to Spain pushed Spain to look for alternative equipment which could be freely employed in the Spanish Sahara. In the early 1960s, Spain looked towards	towards	ADP	its	PRON	 its
Gough and Millar felt she had a " rare ability to deliver large chunks of expositionary [sic] dialogue conversationally ", and decided to cast her against their initial intention to give the character an ethnic origin. According to Mack, the reason she got the role	role	NOUN	was	AUX	 was
Grant's role in the uprising centred on his house at Norbrook, ideally located in the English Midlands close to Warwick and Stratford, and to Catesby's childhood home at Lapworth (then owned by John Wright). In summer 1605 Grant likely stored weapons and ammunition	ammunition	NOUN	at	ADP	 at
Cambridge took the lead and with clear water behind them, pulled away to win. Cambridge finished with a time of 18 minutes, 47 seconds, Oxford finishing six lengths behind. It was Cambridge's first victory since 2001 and brought the overall result to 78 –	–	SYM	71	NUM	 71
Website TV Scoop said that the programme was " a great experiment ", but did not approve of the inclusion of " fame hungry " participants and compared the programme to the most recent series of Big Brother. The website Hecklerspray gave the programme a negative review,	,	PUNCT	calling	VERB	 calling
He works primarily on figurative sculpture in clay within the neoclassical tradition. Stoddart is best known for his civic monuments, including 10 feet (3.0 m) bronze statues of David Hume and Adam Smith, philosophers during the Scottish Enlightenment, on the Royal Mile in Edinburgh	Edinburgh	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
Leslie (Amy Poehler) is organizing the making of a time capsule, meant to be opened 50 years in the future and filled with items that encapsulate the spirit of Pawnee. A citizen named Kelly Larson (Will Forte) comes to Leslie's office and makes	makes	VERB	a	DET	 a
Blake, in his notes to A Vision of the Last Judgment, describes how his design is to work: " If the Spectator could Enter into these Images in his Imagination approaching them on the Fiery Chariot of his Contemplative Thought [...] then would he arise	arise	VERB	from	ADP	 from
Genus valde intricatum et numerosissimis dubiis oppressum A genus that is very complex and burdened with numerous uncertainties The genus Narcissus was well known to the ancients. In Greek literature Theophrastus and Dioscorides. described νάρκισσος, probably referring to N. poeticus, although the exact species mentioned in	in	ADP	classical	ADJ	 classical
Releases of the third North American single, " Say It Right ", and the third Europe single, " All Good Things (Come to an End) ", took place in November and December, and the third Latin American single, " Promiscuous ",	,	PUNCT	was	AUX	 was
The bypassed two lane alignment between Canterbury and Camden was also designated as US 13 Alt. In 1956, work was underway in widening US 13 into a divided highway between south of Greenwood and Harrington. The widening of this portion of US 13 was finished in 1957	1957	NUM	,	PUNCT	,
Service for the iOS version was discontinued on March 15, 2016. The gameplay in Shiny Festa eschews the simulation format of previous Idolmaster games, and instead features a rhythmic gameplay in which the player times the presses of buttons to the rhythm of the songs and a	a	DET	predetermined	VERB	 predetermined
Despite the shock, Luce was able to clamber on to the paddle box, which provided a temporary raft for him and eleven others. A short distance from the foundering ship, Baalham's boat encountered the partly filled port quarter boat. The loads were equalized,	,	PUNCT	and	CCONJ	 and
Also, like Venus and the Moon, it displays a complete range of phases as it moves around its orbit relative to Earth. Although Mercury can appear as a bright object when viewed from Earth, its proximity to the Sun makes it more difficult to see than	than	ADP	Venus	PROPN	 Venus
Von Stroheim stated that he considered all of his good qualities to have come from his mother and all of his bad qualities to have come from his father. Editing Greed took almost a year and von Stroheim's contract did not include payment for his post production work	work	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
Belfast sailed to Rosyth on 10 January, where her crew received a period of leave. February 1944 saw Belfast resume her Arctic convoy duties, and on 30 March 1944 Belfast sailed with the covering force of Operation Tungsten, a large carrier launched Fleet Air Arm airstrike	airstrike	NOUN	against	ADP	 against
How many drafts Jefferson wrote prior to this one, and how much of the text was contributed by other committee members, is unknown. In 1947, Boyd discovered a fragment of an earlier draft in Jefferson's handwriting. Jefferson and Adams sent copies of the rough	rough	ADJ	draft	NOUN	 draft
" It was signed by Levon Ter Petrosyan, the President of the Supreme Council, who became the first President of Armenia in 1991. Article 11 of the declaration read: " The Republic of Armenia stands in support of the task of achieving international recognition of the	the	DET	1915	NUM	 1915
Nikumbh then asks Mr Awasthi as to why he sent Ishaan to a boarding school. Mr Awasthi replies that Ishaan was an ill mannered boy and was a poor student. Nikumbh shows Ishaan's mother her son's notebooks and gives an analysis of the script. Nikumbh	Nikumbh	PROPN	deduces	VERB	 deduces
The nebulae feature was also praised for its rendered atmosphere, which reviewers described as tense and paranoia inducing as they keep expecting enemy ships to appear out of the gases in a deadly ambush. Even though a couple of reviewers wrote that the nebulae made them dizzy,	,	PUNCT	they	PRON	 they
At the end of June, his regiment was transported back to Galicia by rail to reinforce the Austro Hungarian forces being hard pressed by the Russian Brusilov Offensive. In July, Mikl's regiment was used as a " fire brigade " within the Army Group, and	and	CCONJ	helped	AUX	 helped
The successful student, according to Snyder, was the one who was able to discern which of the formal requirements were to be ignored in favor of which unstated norms. For example, organized student groups had compiled " course bibles " — collections of problem set and	and	CCONJ	examination	NOUN	 examination
Andrew Johnson had recommended annexation but the early anti imperialist Republicans in Congress rejected the plan. Grant renewed negotiations to annex the Dominican Republic, led by Orville E. Babcock, a wartime confidant. Grant was initially skeptical, but at the urging of Admiral Porter, who	who	PRON	wanted	VERB	 wanted
By the 1990s, attendances were at an all time low, with less than 5,000 people on average coming to Malmö FF matches. The club therefore let Malmö Stadion for the newly renovated Malmö IP in 1999, IFK Malmö followed in August the same year. By	By	ADP	this	DET	 this
She came to the Indian reservation in my hometown to work at a fair. She hasn't changed a bit. She looked great then and she looks great now. " Smith said that they have sustained their marriage by making "... the Lord the center...	...	PUNCT	and	CCONJ	 and
He reminds me of what we imagine the American cowboy to have been like. " On working with Raimi, Crowe later described the director as " sort of like the fourth Stooge ". Sony Pictures was dubious over Stone's choice of Crowe because he was not	not	PART	a	DET	 a
Both teams had opportunities to score, but the only goal of the game was credited to Hughie Ferguson after the ball slipped out of the hands of goalkeeper Dan Lewis, and he knocked the ball into the net with his elbow. Afterwards, he blamed his new	new	ADJ	wool	NOUN	 wool
Hurricane Isabel formed from a tropical wave on September 6, 2003 in the tropical Atlantic Ocean. It moved northwestward, and within an environment of light wind shear and warm waters it steadily strengthened to reach peak winds of 265 km / h (165 mph) on	on	ADP	September	PROPN	 September
Crowd favorites Hogan, Mr. T, and Snuka made their way to the ring next. The match began with Mr. T and Piper in the ring and the two traded blows. Mid way through the match, all four men began brawling in the ring, and	and	CCONJ	Muhammad	PROPN	 Muhammad
Many people in England and New Zealand wanted to emulate this royal fashion and wear huia feathers in their hats. The price of tail feathers was soon pushed to £1, making each bird worth £12, and some feathers sold for as much as £5	5	NUM	.	PUNCT	.
It is one of the locomotive class DRG Class 01.10. Travelling through England (from Harwich to London), the train was hauled by No. 60163 Tornado, a British mainline steam locomotive built in 2008 by the A1 Steam Locomotive Trust, the construction of which	which	PRON	began	VERB	 began
On 27 May, 6 officers and 300 gendarmes of the Sarajevo based 4th Gendarmerie Regiment were deployed into parts of eastern Herzegovina. They established platoon strength posts in Nevesinje, Trebinje, Gacko and Bileća, with their headquarters also in Bileća. The Dubrovnik based 2nd Gendarmerie	Gendarmerie	PROPN	Regiment	PROPN	 Regiment
It was one of four hurricanes, along with the 1938 New England hurricane, the 1944 Great Atlantic hurricane, and Hurricane Carol in 1954, to strike New England as a major hurricane, or Category 3 or higher on the Saffir Simpson scale. At landfall,	,	PUNCT	the	DET	 the
In May 1918, Prince George began a refit a Chatham for conversion to a destroyer depot ship. She was renamed Victorious II in September 1918, and emerged from refit in October 1918. She was then attached to repair ship (her sister ship and former battleship	battleship	NOUN	)	PUNCT	)
Cole is also part owner of a London bookshop. Cole was involved in creating an environmentally friendly knitwear company, The North Circular, which launched in 2009. The North Circular products are hand knit in the UK with British yarns, from which 5% of all	all	DET	profits	NOUN	 profits
Immediately after the announcement, Karthik scored 134 against Mumbai in a losing effort, but was unable to back up with any scores beyond 50 in his five remaining innings in the competition. Karthik then had mixed results in the domestic one day competitions. He scored only	only	ADV	one	NUM	 one
The ECHL affiliate Wheeling Nailers finished the season fourth in the Northern Division, and were eliminated in the first round of the 2009 Kelly Cup Playoffs. The Nailers had three players selected for the 2009 ECHL All Star Game, all reserve forwards. Nick Johnson, the	the	DET	only	ADJ	 only
The group was founded by guitarist / vocalist Dustin Kensrue and guitarist Teppei Teranishi while they were in high school. Early in their career, the band was known for fast, hard music based in heavily distorted guitars, prominent lead guitar lines, and frequent changes in	in	ADP	complex	ADJ	 complex
It was common practice for members of airlanded units to be inside the gliders as cargo when training took place, although there is evidence that tank crews only acted as cargo for one or two flights, probably due to the risk of accidents which might cost the lives	lives	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
They believe that Christ established only one church, and that the use of denominational names serves to foster division among Christians. Thomas Campbell expressed an ideal of unity in his Declaration and Address: " The church of Jesus Christ on earth is essentially, intentionally, and	and	CCONJ	constitutionally	ADV	 constitutionally
Constantine was soon accused of being a Germanophile and the Athenian government was regarded with suspicion in London and Paris. In what became known as the National Schism, Venizelos established a parallel government in Thessaloniki in opposition to Constantine. On the collapse of the Tsarist regime in	in	ADP	February	PROPN	 February
As was customary for capital ships of the period, she carried four 14 in (356 mm) torpedo tubes. Unlike other ships built at the time, Italia dispensed with vertical belt armor. Her designer, Benedetto Brin, believed that contemporary steel alloys could not	not	PART	effectively	ADV	 effectively
The shark is viviparous — embryos develop in utero and are fed by a placental sac. Its gestation period is one year. Litter sizes vary from one to 15 with the young born at a length of about 0.6 metres (24 in). Sexual maturity is	is	AUX	reached	VERB	 reached
A sarcophagus made of white marble was taken from the Roman ruins at Grantchester, which was found to be the right fit for Æthelthryth. The architectural historian John Crook questions how such miraculous coincidences feature in hagiographies (the studies of the lives of saints), when	when	SCONJ	he	PRON	 he
Many of these areas remained in Macedonian hands or under Greek influence for the next 200 – 300 years. The successor states that emerged were, at least initially, dominant forces, and these 300 years are often referred to as the Hellenistic period. The eastern borders	borders	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
Then in 873 a disastrous harvest shook the foundations of the empire; in some areas only half of all agricultural produce was gathered, and tens of thousands faced famine and starvation. In the earlier period of the Tang, the central government was able to meet crises	crises	NOUN	in	ADP	 in
During their 2012 tour, their tour bus burned to the ground. Sanctus posted a photo on their Facebook page on June 3, adding all people got off the bus, but their personal belongings were lost. Sanctus Real began The Run Tour in September 2013 and	and	CCONJ	finished	VERB	 finished
The dig was subsequently financed and excavated by Tilman Walterfang and his team at Seabed Explorations, under a license of co operation with the original salvage company, and after a request from the Indonesian Government; security was provided by the Indonesian Navy. The excavations spanned two	two	NUM	expeditions	NOUN	 expeditions
Cronjager filmed a dozen pictures during the first half of the 1950s, culminating in another Oscar nomination, his seventh and final, for 1954's Beneath the 12 Mile Reef, which featured his underwater photography using the " Aquaflex ", a French underwater camera, the	the	DET	first	ADJ	 first
But overall, the face is open and the hair is particularly lifelike. " She is depicted wearing a Portland rose on her lapel. According to The Oregonian, the sculpture provides a lap on which children can pose and sometimes frightens passersby at night. It is	is	AUX	part	NOUN	 part
This force, later augmented by the Australian 7th Division, fought the Battle of Buna Gona, slowly advancing north against a tenacious enemy under harsh weather and terrain conditions. Overstretched Japanese forces, low on supplies, were eventually overcome by US and Australian forces. Despite	Despite	SCONJ	being	AUX	 being
Amtrak's Capitol Corridor and San Joaquins trains sell $10 BART tickets on board in the café cars for only $8, resulting in a 20% discount. A 62.5% discount is provided to seniors, the disabled, and children age 5 to 12.	.	PUNCT	Middle	ADJ	 Middle
SpaceX has been explicit that the " huge potential to open up space flight " is dependent on achieving both complete and rapid reusability. CEO Musk stated in 2014 that success with the technology development effort could reduce " the cost of spaceflight by a factor of 100 "	"	PUNCT	because	SCONJ	 because
Important documents, such as legislation, are translated into every official language. The European Parliament provides translation into all languages for documents and its plenary sessions. Some institutions use only a handful of languages as internal working languages. Catalan, Galician, Basque, Scottish Gaelic	Gaelic	PROPN	and	CCONJ	 and
P. ibericus, the Iberian chiffchaff is brighter, greener on the rump, and yellower below than P. collybita, and has a tit tit tit tswee tswee song. It was initially named P. brehmii, but the type specimen of that taxon is not an Iberian chiffchaff	chiffchaff	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
His facial expression is of intense anger discerned from his furrowed brow, swollen eyes, and tusks. The legs and five of the eight arms are broken, attributed to Portuguese vandalism. The smaller broken image Andhaka is seen below Bhairava's image. It is interpreted	interpreted	VERB	that	SCONJ	 that
" Recent reviews have also applauded the episode. Shearman and Pearson rated the episode five stars out of five, describing it as " [a] delightful... comic fable ". Todd VanDerWerff of The A.V. Club awarded the episode an " A – " and wrote	wrote	VERB	that	SCONJ	 that
Between Robert T. Longway Boulevard and Davison Road, Dort Highway passes another industrial area. North of Leith Street, the highway turns to the northwest, and the parallel railroad, still part of the CSX line, follows suit. Dort Highway crosses the Flint River on	on	ADP	the	DET	 the
Due to his addiction, Kiedis lacked the motivation to contribute to the band musically, and appeared at rehearsal " literally asleep ". He was asked to leave the band in order to undergo drug rehabilitation. During that time, the band won the LA Weekly Band	Band	PROPN	of	ADP	 of
They also hear rumours of the possibility of " deferral " – a temporary reprieve from organ donation for donors who are in love and can prove it. Tommy becomes convinced that The Gallery at Hailsham was intended to look into their souls and that artwork sent to The	The	DET	Gallery	PROPN	 Gallery
She stated that Ravi " performs with his usual flair ", D'Souza's character " appears a little too good to be true, at first. But her character grows on you ", and praised Prakash Raj's performance, saying that the role " was a	a	DET	cakewalk	NOUN	 cakewalk
Brown said elsewhere in the film that it made more sense for women to lead JC's Girls " because a woman would be the most welcome in the industry ". In its first year, JC's Girls was criticized for allowing DiGiorgio to take glamour photographs of	of	ADP	Veitch	PROPN	 Veitch
As the party approaches Zanarkand, Tidus learns that he and the Zanarkand he hails from are the cumulative dreams of deceased people known as fayth. Dream Zanarkand was created at the same time as the destruction of the original Zanarkand, when Sin was created in the war	war	NOUN	between	ADP	 between
Meanwhile, Nima is preparing a bridal gown for Pocahontas in the royal village of Werocomoco, but Pocahontas expresses displeasure about the arrangement her father made for her to marry Miami, a rival Indian prince. Smith is then attacked by a party of Indians, including Nantaquas	Nantaquas	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
Where is the mind located? If the mind is a physical phenomenon of some kind, it has to be located somewhere. According to some, there are two possible options: either the mind is internal to the body (internalism) or the mind is external	external	ADJ	to	ADP	 to
Reasonably complete fossils are very rare, most extinct organisms are represented only by partial fossils, and complete fossils are rarest in the oldest rocks. So paleontologists have mistakenly assigned parts of the same organism to different genera, which were often defined solely to accommodate these finds	finds	NOUN	—	PUNCT	 —
Stauskas led the way with 25 points on 9 for 13 shooting, with 21 in the second half (including 10 which brought the score from a 48 – 43 deficit to a 53 – 51 lead). He had five assists, three rebounds and no fouls	fouls	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
Like DNA, RNA can carry genetic information. RNA viruses have genomes composed of RNA that encodes a number of proteins. The viral genome is replicated by some of those proteins, while other proteins protect the genome as the virus particle moves to a new host cell	cell	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
Particularly influential was the work of William Wallace, the king's master mason from 1617 until his death in 1631. He worked on the rebuilding of the collapsed North Range of Linlithgow from 1618, Winton House for George Seton, 3rd Earl of Winton and began work	work	NOUN	on	ADP	 on
In turn, when the Phantom was replaced in service, its major roles required three separate aircraft (see table): Phantom aircraft on display that have entered service with the Royal Air Force or Royal Navy. The remaining aircraft were either lost in crashes or scrapped following	following	VERB	withdrawal	NOUN	 withdrawal
The goal is to bring the facility up to a four diamond status. The company also said it might lease the facility to Hilton, Marriott, or Starwood, and had not yet decided whether to retain " L ' Enfant Plaza " as part of the name	name	NOUN	or	CCONJ	 or
Finding Picard at the spot where he saw his mother, Riker suggests that Kosinski may have had nothing to do with the warp jumps, which were more likely to be a result of the Traveler's illness; Trying to determine this theory, Picard has the alien	alien	NOUN	moved	VERB	 moved
Cordray was the first Democrat to hold the position since 1977, and he assumed office on December 9, 2002, instead of after January 1 because he was filling Hall's unexpired term. In the 2004 race for re election, the Franklin County Republican party made	made	VERB	no	DET	 no
However, because of the building boom, concrete elements needed for construction to start meant that the rest of the construction was delayed. The cornerstone was laid on 5 September. In June 2008, Stabæk announced they had signed an eleven year sponsorship agreement with the telecommunications	telecommunications	NOUN	company	NOUN	 company
The most successful such publication however was Frank E. Peretti's 1986 novel This Present Darkness, which sold over a million copies; it depicted the New Age movement as being in league with feminism and secular education to overthrow Christianity. This criticism has been sustained since;	;	PUNCT	in	ADP	 in
However, Geniocracy is not a political party because it allows for differing political viewpoints. According to Vorilhon's book Sensual Meditation, one should develop the ability to break free of habitual thoughts that prevent one from appreciating everyday phenomena. The book describes in detail six different	different	ADJ	meditations	NOUN	 meditations
Thereupon al Mu'tadid is said to have remarked " come let us go and hide ourselves, lest we be seen in our poverty ". Qatr al Nada died soon after the wedding, and the murder of Khumarawayh in 896 left the Tulunid state in the unsteady hands	hands	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
Later, when I die, all he has to do is to bury my old bones in the earth and not allow them to be exposed, and that is all ". However, after comparing events from The Story of Yue Fei and an account of Yue	Yue	PROPN	's	PART	's
Translations of Fatinitza may change characters ' names to a greater or lesser extent. Before the piece begins, Wladimir Samoiloff, a young Russian Lieutenant, had an adventure in which he ended up disguising himself as a woman (who he named Fatinitza), and met	met	VERB	with	ADP	 with
The hook (α) angle is a parameter of the material being cut. For steel, it is between 15 and 20° and for cast iron it is between 6 and 8°. The back off (γ) provides clearance for the teeth so that	that	SCONJ	they	PRON	 they
Although he provided his family with financial support, he spent much of his time abroad and on 17 June 1929 bigamously married Nobubai Visvonata Catcar, causing Sorabji and his mother a substantial loss of fortune. He died in Bad Nauheim, Germany, on 8 July 1932	1932	NUM	.	PUNCT	.
A new station was planned to replace the cramped Wood Lane. The service from North Acton through Greenford and Ruislip to Denham was due to open between January 1940 and March 1941. The eastern extension from Liverpool Street to Stratford, Leyton and Newbury Park and the connection	connection	NOUN	to	ADP	 to
", and in imagery used to illustrate The KLF's retirement press notice. Prior to entering the music business, Drummond had worked as a trawlerman. Samples of evangelists also feature in several KLF Communications recordings: the album Chill Out and the B sides " What	What	PRON	Time	PROPN	 Time
The settlements in Trafford have been based largely around agriculture, although Altrincham was founded as a market town in the mid 13th century. Although the Industrial Revolution affected Trafford, the area did not experience the same rate of growth as the rest of Greater Manchester. A	A	DET	100	NUM	 100
After the battle, Russell assessed Braithwaite as the best performed of his brigade commanders. In June 1917, Braithwaite was promoted to colonel, although he remained a temporary brigadier general. His brigade had a central role in the Battle of Messines and was able to achieve	achieve	VERB	its	PRON	 its
In " The Busboy ", which had been filmed earlier, the four storylines also intersected in the final scene, but the episode aired as the final episode of season two. Charles also felt the episode defined the Kramer character more, as it is the first	first	ADJ	episode	NOUN	 episode
As Mulder's condition stabilizes, Scully writes a field report crediting science with detecting the retrovirus and saving Mulder. She contends that the retrovirus is of a mysterious origin, and reports that neither the Bounty Hunter nor the Allegiance have been found. When Mulder regains consciousness	consciousness	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
They had a complement of 450 officers and ratings. Iron Duke had a pair of two cylinder, horizontal return, connecting rod steam engines, each driving a single 16 foot 6 inch (5.03 m) propeller, using steam provided by six rectangular boilers. The	The	DET	engines	NOUN	 engines
Behind is a single storey block, linking the main block to the service block, which is at right angles to the rear. The service block is Henry Blundell's " offices ", and is in Palladian style. It faces southwest, is in two storeys	storeys	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
Seattle won by a convincing scoreline of 4 – 0. Regarding the score of the latter meeting, Sounders FC coach Sigi Schmid stated, " I don't think the difference between the two teams is four goals even though that was the score. " Discussing the	the	DET	difficulty	NOUN	 difficulty
Parks cover about 318.5 hectares (2002) of the city. The Planty Park is the best known park in Kraków. It was established between 1822 and 1830 in place of the old city walls, forming a green belt around the Old Town. It consists of	of	ADP	a	DET	 a
The Port of Weston is owned by the Stobart Group. In March 2014 the UK's largest incinerator for burning refuse derived fuel, managed by Viridor, commenced operation in Weston Point. There has been a shift in employment from manufacturing to service industries. In 1991	1991	NUM	,	PUNCT	,
Note, however, that most databases have their own numbering system, e.g. the EcoGene database uses EG10826 for recD. Finally, ECK numbers are specifically used for alleles in the MG1655 strain of E. coli K 12. Complete lists of genes and their synonyms can be obtained	obtained	VERB	from	ADP	 from
His 1,530 rebounds (the most since Wilt Chamberlain's 1,572 in the 1971 – 1972 season) have never been surpassed since then; the best mark not set by Rodman is by Kevin Willis, who grabbed 1,258 boards that same season. Willis lamented that Rodman had	had	VERB	an	DET	 an
In 2015, The Shrimp People was selected by The Business Times as one of the Top 10 English Singapore books from 1965 – 2015, alongside titles by Arthur Yap, Daren Shiau and Amanda Lee Koe. Shelley died of lung cancer at the Assisi Hospice in Thomson	Thomson	PROPN	Road	PROPN	 Road
Hispanic or Latino of any race were 13.0% of the population. There were 39,760 households of which 33.1% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 34.9% were married couples living together, 18.9% had a female householder with no husband present	present	ADJ	,	PUNCT	,
Under Kravis and Roberts, the firm was responsible for the 1988 leveraged buyout of RJR Nabisco. RJR Nabisco proved to be not only the largest buyout in history to that time, at $25 billion ($31.1 billion, including assumed debt) as well as	as	ADP	a	DET	 a
He died of a heart attack the following month, while still in jail. Mauli Chandra Sharma was elected to succeed Mookerjee; however, he was forced out of power by the RSS activists within the party, and the leadership went instead to Upadhyaya. Upadhyay remained	remained	VERB	the	DET	 the
Within a few months the song became a worldwide number one. The event lead to different labels sparking interest in signing her, including RCA Records, to which she eventually signed. " Tik Tok " was written by Ke $ha, alongside Dr. Luke and Benny	Benny	PROPN	Blanco	PROPN	 Blanco
The video received generally favorable reviews. Daniel Kreps from Rolling Stone said that it managed to highlight the " ' feel good ' vibes " without using " heavy handed " religious iconography. He further praised the reunion of Destiny's Child. Tom Breihan of Stereogum said	said	VERB	that	SCONJ	 that
McKinley was nominated in June 1896; still, many Britons were minded to support whoever became the Democratic candidate. This changed when the 1896 Democratic National Convention nominated former Nebraska congressman William Jennings Bryan on a " free silver " platform; he had electrified the delegates with	with	ADP	his	PRON	 his
It was released on December 2, 2008, by Jive Records as the second single from the album. Written by Dr. Luke, Claude Kelly and Benny Blanco, " Circus " is a metaphor for the public's perception of Spears ' life. After she listened	listened	VERB	to	ADP	 to
She mostly provided good cheer, without discussing her opinions about national policy. She impressed Republican voters with her elegance at coffee shops and other small campaign settings, where she frequently referred to her children, carpooling and charity work. McCain was upset by the notorious smear	smear	NOUN	tactics	NOUN	 tactics
In 1937 J.C. Myers was commissioned to undertake a botanical survey of Mongalla province, later extended to all of Equatoria. In contrast to the pessimistic view of the south taken by the Khartoum administration, he was enthusiastic about the wealth and diversity of plants. He noted	noted	VERB	that	SCONJ	 that
In lieu of writing a definitive account of Meiklejohn's life, Nelson portrayed Meiklejohn through the subject's own language to let him " speak for himself ". Nelson draws on five archives detailed in copious quotations and a 65 page notes and annotated bibliography appendix. While	While	SCONJ	Meiklejohn	PROPN	 Meiklejohn
Work by the members of SHARE is year round, but its most active period is the Christmas Fast & Fundraising Campaign, when over 1800 students collect in Cork city centre. The charity's sole collection period lasts only ten days, which has made it a recognisable	recognisable	ADJ	part	NOUN	 part
The double album From Memphis To Vegas / From Vegas To Memphis came out the same month; the first LP consisted of live performances from the International, the second of more cuts from the American Sound sessions. " Suspicious Minds " reached the top of the charts	charts	NOUN	—	PUNCT	 —
While youth throughout the city were being drafted to fight in the Vietnam War, funding for education and youth programs were being cut, and policing tactics were targeting African American youth. This led to a series of protests and riots, the repercussions of which are still	still	ADV	felt	VERB	 felt
Tiruvannamalai is served by the town bus service operated by the TNSTC, which provides connectivity within the town and the suburbs. There are private operated mini bus services that cater to the local transport needs of the town. The main bus stand covers an area of 2	2	NUM	acres	NOUN	 acres
In the face of open rebellion, the order to sail was rescinded and the planned operation was abandoned. In an attempt to suppress the mutiny, the High Seas Fleet squadrons were dispersed. Scheer wrote his memoirs of the Great War in 1919, which were translated	translated	VERB	into	ADP	 into
In 1971, Tabano was replaced by Brad Whitford, who also attended the Berklee School of Music and was formerly of the band Earth Inc. Whitford, from Reading, Massachusetts, had already played at Reading's AW Coolidge Middle School. Other than a period from July	July	PROPN	1979	NUM	 1979
At about 9 p.m. on 6 May, during a fierce storm, the men aboard heard two " explosive reports " as the main hawsers parted from the anchors. The combined forces of the wind and the rapidly moving ice had torn Aurora from its berth and,	,	PUNCT	encased	VERB	 encased
In Siam, elephants were trained to throw the condemned into the air before trampling them to death. Alexander Hamilton provides the following account from Siam: For Treason and Murder, the Elephant is the Executioner. The condemned Person is made fast to a Stake driven into	into	ADP	the	DET	 the
The officers were permitted to leave, pending their signatures on a parole in which they agreed not to take up arms against France until they were exchanged. More than ten general officers were included in this agreement, including Mack, Johann von Klenau, Maximilian Anton Karl	Karl	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
A radioactive actinide metal, neptunium is the first transuranic element. Its position in the periodic table just after uranium, named after the planet Uranus, led to it being named after Neptune, the next planet beyond Uranus. A neptunium atom has 93 protons and 93	93	NUM	electrons	NOUN	 electrons
It is the largest airline in India in terms of passengers carried with a 36.8% market share as of February 2016. The airline operates 679 daily flights to 40 destinations and is the second largest low cost carrier in Asia. It has its primary hub at Indira	Indira	PROPN	Gandhi	PROPN	 Gandhi
Eve joined the Democratic Party and got one of the patronage parks jobs. By 1958, he was blossoming as an independent activist within the party, pursuing minority rights, and was the only ward leader who was not part of the political establishment. This role led	led	VERB	to	ADP	 to
Pierce had been highly sympathetic to the Southern cause, and the controversy over the Ostend Manifesto contributed to the splintering of the Democratic Party. Internationally, it was seen as a threat to Spain and to imperial power across Europe. It was quickly denounced by national governments	governments	NOUN	in	ADP	 in
He had planned to score Akeelah and the Bee over the holidays, but Lionsgate pushed its release date up, so Zigman was pressed for time to write the score. He drew inspiration from Fishburne's performance to write it. A soundtrack album consisting of 16 tracks	tracks	NOUN	was	AUX	 was
On 10, 12 and 13 April, the lines held by the 104th Infantry in Bois Brule (near Apremont), and by the French to the left, were heavily attacked by the Germans. At first the enemy secured a foothold in some advanced trenches which	which	PRON	were	AUX	 were
Lisa conducts further research about Jebediah Springfield, and finds out that he once lost his tongue to a Turk in a groghouse fight and had it replaced with a prosthetic silver tongue. The town, including Marge, does not agree with Lisa's revelations, resulting in	in	ADP	an	DET	 an
" The music of the game was considered to be " quirky and catchy ", with Will Tuttle of GameSpy saying that " there's a good chance that you'll be humming some of the tunes all day ". The game, at times, was compared	compared	VERB	to	ADP	 to
The magazine preferred to play as a werewolf and noted the cruel difficulty of some rooms. They appreciated the imaginative mystery of the game as they attempted to answer why Sabreman turns into a werewolf and what the collectible objects throughout the castle do. Crash preferred Knight Lore	Lore	PROPN	to	ADP	 to
Then the most common plan for Black is a rook lift: the plan Ra8 – a6 – h6 was tried in the much commented game Åkesson – Tagnon (Berlin Open 1984). Black duly won, but after the game continuation 11... Ra6 12.Qd5! Qe7	Qe7	NOUN	13.Ne4	PROPN	 13.Ne4
Zakuani was again on the attack in the 75th minute with a run down the middle, but was " sandwiched " by two Columbus defenders and lost possession. Columbus made two substitutions in the 78th minute, bringing on fresh legs at forward with Rentería in for Lenhart	Lenhart	PROPN	and	CCONJ	 and
At approximately 11: 30 pm Mora stepped out of his jeep to move a tree trunk and was ambushed by at least five masked men carrying guns. The men drove the car with the four women to a nearby abandoned house and took their phones, money,	,	PUNCT	and	CCONJ	 and
According to Portuguese and Dutch publications, the last battle for Jaffna was fought between the King of Kandyan kingdom and the Portuguese, and the Europeans seized Jaffna from the Kandyan king. Following Portuguese defeat by the Dutch, the Jaffna Mannar islands and most of Jaffna's	's	PART	Vannimai	PROPN	 Vannimai
As the season falls outside the scope of the Atlantic hurricane database (1851 onward) and its associated reanalysis project, records are regarded as incomplete. Extant accounts of the storms in 1850 are chiefly based on private weather records and press reports, and only approximate storm	storm	NOUN	tracks	NOUN	 tracks
These sets were on gimbals so that the movement of the actors and sets created a floating effect. The shot of two Klingons killed and thrown back down a corridor by phaser blasts was simulated by positioning the camera at the bottom of a corridor set. The set	set	NOUN	was	AUX	 was
The eye gradually became better organized, attaining a diameter of 90 km (55 mi) on November 28 as Albertine became an intense tropical cyclone. At that time, the MFR estimated peak 10 – minute winds of 175 km / h (110 mph),	,	PUNCT	with	ADP	 with
AQI claimed responsibility for the attack and twenty people were arrested in connection with the killing, including the Sheikh's own head of security. About 1,500 mourners attended Sheikh Sattar's funeral, including senior Iraqi and American officials. The leadership of the Anbar Salvation Council then	then	ADV	passed	VERB	 passed
Mups provide a small range of identifying information about the donor animal, when detected by the vomeronasal organ of the receiving animal. They belong to a larger family of proteins known as lipocalins. Mups are encoded by a cluster of genes, located adjacent to each other	other	ADJ	on	ADP	 on
A commerce of different goods rapidly changing from one into another is a recurrent theme throughout the book. Also, the title Quicksilver connects the book to the method alchemists used to distill quicksilver, " the pure living essence of God's power and presence in the world	world	NOUN	"	PUNCT	 "
Enterprise's captain, James T. Kirk, whose son David was murdered by Klingons years earlier, opposes the negotiations and resents his assignment. After a rendezvous between Enterprise and Gorkon's battlecruiser they continue towards Earth, with the crews sharing a tense meal aboard Enterprise.	.	PUNCT	Later	ADV	 Later
The series went on top the Fridays block ratings, gaining millions of viewers. My Gym Partner's a Monkey received generally positive reviews from critics. William Barker of Web Wombat gave the King of the Jungle DVD a positive review, awarding it with a score of	of	ADP	70	NUM	 70
He also served as Washington's chief of intelligence, conducting constant scouting missions from the Americans ' new base at White Plains, New York. While Scott's men engaged in a few skirmishes with British scouting parties, neither Washington's army nor the British force at	at	ADP	New	PROPN	 New
Since then outcomes in larger centers have improved considerably, and mortality from the operation is often less than 4%. In 2006 a report was published of a series of 1,000 consecutive pancreaticoduodenectomies performed by a single surgeon from Johns Hopkins Hospital between 1969 and 2003. The	The	DET	rate	NOUN	 rate
BuddyTV's John Kubicek dubbed " The Other Woman " " the worst episode of Lost season four so far " because it " followed the soap opera that is the romantic entanglements of the major players, which is not the reason most people love Lost. " Jeff	Jeff	PROPN	Jensen	PROPN	 Jensen
Following an introduction to Niels W. Gade, the director of the Royal Academy in Copenhagen, by whom he was well received, Nielsen obtained his release from the military band at short notice, and studied at the Academy from the beginning of 1884. Though not an	an	DET	outstanding	ADJ	 outstanding
Increasing wind shear prevented convection from redeveloping and the storm continued to weaken. Early the following day, the JTWC issued their final advisory on Etau as they reported it had weakened to a tropical depression well to the east of Japan. Roughly 24 hours later, the	the	DET	JMA	PROPN	 JMA
As part of Navy Secretary John F. Lehman's effort to build a 600 ship Navy in the 1980s, and in response to the commissioning of Kirov by the Soviet Union, the United States recommissioned all four Iowa class battleships. On several occasions, battleships were support	support	NOUN	ships	NOUN	 ships
The Sikorsky CH 124 Sea King helicopters on board Protecteur also provided weapons support, carrying Mark 46 torpedoes and a 7.62 mm machine gun. Three hundred sixty five men and women served on Protecteur. There were 27 officers aboard ship and a total of 45 crew members	members	NOUN	who	PRON	 who
He is currently the president in absentia of Airelle Wines Inc., which is connected to the PlumpJack Winery in Napa County. Newsom earned between $141,000 and $251,000 in 2007 from his business interests. In February 2006 he paid $2,350,000 for his residence in the	the	DET	Russian	PROPN	 Russian
All that stood between them and a royal prize was a large English force under the command of John of Brittany. John had taken up a position on Scawton Moor, between Rievaulx and Byland Abbey. To dislodge John from his strong position on the high ground,	,	PUNCT	Bruce	PROPN	 Bruce
The 2003 FIBA European Championship proved to be a major disappointment for Nowitzki and his German squad. In a preparation game, he suffered a foot injury after a collision with French player Florent Pietrus; as a result, Nowitzki played inconsistently and was also often target of	of	ADP	hard	ADJ	 hard
Three concrete tee beam bridges with lengths of 40.0 feet (12.2 m), 42.0 feet (12.8 m), and 46.9 feet (14.3 m) were constructed over the creek in 1925 and the third was repaired in 1963. A concrete slab bridge with a	a	DET	length	NOUN	 length
Some critics have detected Coward's influence in Pinter's plays. Tynan compared Pinter's " elliptical patter " to Coward's " stylised dialogue ". Pinter returned the compliment by directing the National Theatre's revival of Blithe Spirit in 1976. For plays that were written	written	VERB	more	ADJ	 more
On November 13, with both Blake and Nash injured, Morris made his first career start against the San Antonio Spurs. As a starter, Morris posted career highs of 31 minutes and 6 assists on November 16 against the Phoenix Suns. On December 4, Chris	Chris	PROPN	Duhon	PROPN	 Duhon
His version of The Origin of Painting (1773), depicting Pliny's story of a young Corinthian woman outlining a shadow on the wall, has her hand guided by Cupid, suggesting the ultimate motivation for art was love. The same theme was painted by another	another	PRON	of	ADP	 of
Newspapers exposed bogus agents in Interior Department in 1875. Navy Department corruption was exposed in 1876. These Grant reformers included Benjamin Bristow as Secretary of Treasury (1874), Edwards Pierrepont as Attorney General (1875), and Zachariah Chandler as Secretary of the Interior (	(	PUNCT	1875	NUM	1875
It concludes that human activity is having a significant and escalating impact on the biodiversity of world ecosystems, reducing both their resilience and biocapacity. The report refers to natural systems as humanity's " life support system ", providing essential " ecosystem services ". The assessment	assessment	NOUN	measures	VERB	 measures
In El Dorado, Sinaloa, near where the storm made landfall, the hurricane washed out away roads and destroyed many flimsy homes. Strong winds knocked down electricity towers, trees, and traffic signs, leaving many without power. In Mazatlán, to the southeast of	of	ADP	where	SCONJ	 where
A Spanish study suggested that territorial conflicts between the species, and other phenomena like males singing mixed or alternating songs, were most frequent when one species locally far outnumbered the other; in other circumstances, the two kinglets learned to ignore each other's songs. In	In	ADP	his	PRON	 his
Though Scully concludes that Mr. Baiocchi died as the result of being pushed out the window, Mulder discovers evidence suggesting he was pulled out by an outside force. Later, the agents learn that Lisa is another one of Karin Matthews ' patients. Mulder finds a small	small	ADJ	splinter	NOUN	 splinter
It is characteristic that in his 1418 pamphlet to the despotēs Theodore II Palaiologos, the scholar Gemistos Plethon advises against the maintenance of a navy, on the grounds that resources were insufficient to adequately maintain both it and an effective army. Henceforth, the impoverished Byzantine state	state	NOUN	became	VERB	 became
In 1623 Gaspard Bauhin published his Pinax theatre botanici an attempt at a comprehensive compilation of all plants known at that time: it included about 6000 kinds. The combined works of a German physician and botanist Valerius Cordus (1515 – 1544 CE) which were published in	in	ADP	1562	NUM	 1562
The vision of the IPC is, " To enable Paralympic athletes to achieve sporting excellence and to inspire and excite the world. " The Paralympic anthem is " Hymn de l ' Avenir " or " Anthem of the Future ". It was composed by Thierry Darnis	Darnis	PROPN	and	CCONJ	 and
The reorganisation was the result of personnel shortages that had come about due to an over mobilisation of the Australian military, and resulted in the amalgamation of several Militia units. In 1943, the 10th / 48th Australian Infantry Battalion was gazetted as an " AIF " unit	unit	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
The main turbine and boiler building is now a locally listed building, standing today as a monument to the important role that Tyne and Wear played in the development of electrical supply. The building had been considered for the more protected Listed Building status, but the decision	decision	NOUN	was	AUX	 was
For example, in issue # 2, Comanche and Blackfoot tribes are falsely told by white traffickers that their land will be seized so they can sell them rifles. In issue # 5, the Apache Indians are blamed for robbing mail wagons, but in reality the	the	DET	perpetrators	NOUN	 perpetrators
New chimneys appear near the edges of expanding colonies, at points where the speed of the outflow is already high, and do not change position if the water flow changes. Some freshwater species secrete a mass of gelatinous material, up to 1 meter (3.3 ft	ft	NOUN	)	PUNCT	)
In an interview with Gawker on September 9, 2009, Eiland Hall remarked that Beck's attorneys contacted the registrar of the domain, his hosting provider, as well as the company which housed the servers for his website. He noted that the hosting provider informed him	him	PRON	they	PRON	 they
In a cardboard file were some " 300 pages of musical sketches, pieces and scores " in the hand of Shostakovich. " A composer friend bribed Shostakovich's housemaid to regularly deliver the contents of Shostakovich's office waste bin to him, instead of taking it to	to	ADP	the	DET	 the
An estimated 200 million people in 74 countries are infected with the disease – 100 million in Africa alone. " The parasite has 13 known species, two of which infect humans. The parasite itself is not a mollusc, but all the species have freshwater snails as	as	ADP	intermediate	ADJ	 intermediate
The remnant low pressure system turned southward and once again entered the Atlantic before turning westward and crossing the Florida peninsula. In response to the storm, gale warnings were issued on August 19 from Jacksonville, Florida to Virginia Beach, Virginia. A hurricane watch was also	also	ADV	posted	VERB	 posted
This new approach enabled us to probe exactly that question. In 2014, he served as a senior author on an article in Cell which described a refined method of Hi C which his team used to describe the fundamental organization of DNA. Lieberman Aiden was involved in	in	ADP	the	DET	 the
Krugers served as a cameraman for the film, which was based on a Sundanese folktale, also processing the film in his laboratory in Bandung. The following year, Krugers directed his own film, titled Eulis Atjih, which followed the beautiful Eulis Atjih as she falls	falls	VERB	into	ADP	 into
Australian ichthyologist Gilbert Percy Whitley originally described the nervous shark as a subspecies of Galeolamna greyi (a junior synonym of Carcharhinus obscurus, the dusky shark), in a 1945 issue of the scientific journal Australian Zoologist. He gave it the name cauta, meaning " cautious	cautious	ADJ	"	PUNCT	 "
At school, he is shown to have a close relationship with his star pupil, Alex, and befriends a substitute teacher, John Locke. While studying together, Alex tells Ben that Principal Reynolds is having a sexual affair with one of the school nurses on campus	campus	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
They landed at Houssay airfield. They then took off for RAF Driffield in Yorkshire. As they crossed over England MacLachlan took a detour to do a low fly past over his old school at Monkton Combe near Bath. The stunt was witnessed by his brother who was	was	AUX	attending	VERB	 attending
In the final at Rome's Stadio Olimpico, Kennedy won a late penalty which Phil Neal converted to give Liverpool a 3 – 1 victory. Following a 0 – 0 draw with Manchester United in the 1977 FA Charity Shield, a disappointing start to the 1977 –	–	PUNCT	78	NUM	 78
India's lowest recorded temperature was − 45° C (− 49° F) in Dras, Ladakh, in eastern Jammu and Kashmir; the reading was taken with non standard equipment. Figures as low as − 30.6° C (− 23° F)	)	PUNCT	have	AUX	 have
His citation read: For distinguishing himself by exceptionally meritorious conduct in connection with amphibious operations against Japanese forces in the Philippine Islands and Borneo from December 1944 to July 1945. As chief of staff to Commander, VII Amphibious Force he was directly concerned with the planning and	and	CCONJ	execution	NOUN	 execution
Popular ragtime songs were notated and sold as sheet music, but the general style was played more informally across the nation; these amateur performers played a more free flowing form of ragtime that eventually became a major formative influence on jazz. [21] Thomas Edison's	's	PART	invention	NOUN	 invention
In 1275, Edward I negotiated an agreement with the domestic merchant community that secured a permanent duty on wool. In 1303, a similar agreement was reached with foreign merchants, in return for certain rights and privileges. The revenues from the customs duty were handled by	by	ADP	the	DET	 the
She was built by Vickers Armstrong, Barrow, and launched on 25 February 1944. She was one of two submarines named by Winston Churchill, and so far has been the only ship of the Royal Navy to be named Tiptoe. In 1955 she was involved in	in	ADP	a	DET	 a
He had taken 20 wickets at 13.35 in his four tour matches and was duly selected to play in the First Test at Trent Bridge. He was economical but unpenetrative, conceding 36 runs in 36 overs without taking a wicket in a rain affected draw. Between Tests	Tests	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
The vocalist did not, however, want the track to be associated with " anti drug " sentiments, claiming, " [the song] is about letting your friends know that you need help and then being willing to accept the help of others when you need	need	VERB	it	PRON	 it
In addition, the commissioners were given the power not only to resolve billeting disputes between soldiers and civilians, but to order civilians to provide quarters for the troops. A later declaration of martial law in Portsmouth extended the commission's remit yet again, allowing for civilians	civilians	NOUN	to	PART	 to
In the meantime, Takagi's carrier force steamed down the east side of the Solomons throughout the day on 5 May, turned west to pass south of San Cristobal (Makira), and entered the Coral Sea after transiting between Guadalcanal and Rennell Island in the early	early	ADJ	morning	NOUN	 morning
Kelly later recalled: Big foaming waves fifteen or twenty feet high thundering over the cockpit, drenching everybody. Our binoculars were full of water and our eyes so continuously drenched with stinging salt that we couldn't see, in addition to which it was pitch black.	.	PUNCT	We	PRON	 We
The eggs are bluish green, averaging 56 by 45 mm (2.20 by 1.77 in). The clutch is usually four or five eggs, with occasionally seven or eight eggs being laid, though these large clutches may have resulted from two females laying in the same	same	ADJ	nest	NOUN	 nest
At BSÉ's request, the filmmakers partnered with a more experienced producer and shot a short pilot to show to potential investors. Funding for the €200,000 production was provided by BSÉ and several European broadcasters. Bartley and Ó Briain shot more than 200 hours of material	material	NOUN	;	PUNCT	;
" The only notable domestic opposition was by Ottoman parliamentary representative Ahmed Riza, who stated: It is unlawful to designate the Armenian assets as " abandoned goods " for the Armenians, the proprietors, did not abandon their properties voluntarily; they were forcibly, compulsorily removed	removed	VERB	from	ADP	 from
These buckets, which weighed 20 short tons (18 t) when full, were filled at two massive concrete plants on the Nevada side, and were delivered to the site in special railcars. The buckets were then suspended from aerial cableways, which were used to	to	PART	deliver	VERB	 deliver
The Arab Ba ' ath movement did not become an official party until 1947, when it merged with al Arsuzi's Arab Ba ' ath Movement to found the Arab Ba ' ath Party. The Arab Ba ' ath Movement, led by Aflaq and al Bitar,	,	PUNCT	drew	VERB	 drew
Now your mother, she's the steady type and that's fine in small doses, but me, I'm a risk taker. That's why I have so many adventures! " The authors of The Psychology of The Simpsons interpret this statement by Homer to	to	PART	mean	VERB	 mean
From southern Scandinavia and north Germany, they expanded south, east and west from the 1st century BC, coming into contact with the Celtic tribes of Gaul as well as Iranian, Baltic, and Slavic tribes in Central and Eastern Europe. Under Augustus, Rome began	began	VERB	to	PART	 to
For anti torpedo boat defense, they carried four 65 millimeter (2.6 in) guns, four 47 millimeter (1.9 in) and eight 37 millimeter (1.5 in) five barreled revolving Hotchkiss guns. They were also armed with four 450 millimeter (17.7 in)	)	PUNCT	pivoting	VERB	 pivoting
He attempted to leave the ship, but became distracted by trying to help a boy. In doing so Lydiard was washed away and drowned. The Naval Chronicle's account of the wreck recorded that It was the captain's great wish to save the lives of the	the	DET	ship	NOUN	 ship
Because the flying squadrons of the group consisted of both bomber and transport aircraft, the group was designated as a " composite " rather than a " bombardment " unit. Working with the Manhattan Project at Los Alamos, Tibbets selected Wendover for his training base over Great	Great	PROPN	Bend	PROPN	 Bend
In the spring of 1832, Potawatomis living along Indian Creek were upset that a settler named William Davis had dammed the creek, preventing fish from reaching their village. Davis ignored the protests, and assaulted a Potawatomi man who tried to dismantle the dam. The Black	Black	PROPN	Hawk	PROPN	 Hawk
They had dark expressive eyes, and remarkably rich heads of hair. It was a mere fancy, but I thought the mingled squalor, luxuriance and beauty of these women were pointedly in harmony with the rest of the scene; so striking, in the view,	,	PUNCT	was	AUX	 was
Frankel writes that " she is a whole woman now, integrated with all the parts of herself ". In the second series, Eve Myles states, Gwen now " knows where her feet are ". Costume Designer Ray Holman explains that these developments are reflected in	in	ADP	how	SCONJ	 how
The log on message sent from the aircraft at 08: 19: 29 was " log on request ". There are only a few reasons the SDU would transmit a log on request, such as a power interruption, software failure, loss of critical systems providing	providing	VERB	input	NOUN	 input
Astor was the wealthiest passenger aboard the ship and one of the richest men in the world; his great grandfather John Jacob Astor was the first multimillionaire in America. Among others were industrialist magnate and millionaire Benjamin Guggenheim; Macy's department store owner and member of the	the	DET	United	PROPN	 United
In 2012, John Walsh wrote about Jamie Oliver's restaurant at Gatwick Airport, saying that Ramsay's Plane Food had " pioneered the concept of non revolting airport food ". Tim Clark, writing for the Daily Mail, praised the takeaway box concept, saying that	that	SCONJ	to	PART	 to
There was improvement in 1914 when the club reached their first FA Cup final, which they lost 1 – 0 to Burnley at Crystal Palace. The following season four Liverpool players were implicated in the 1915 British football betting scandal, which involved a match with Manchester United	United	PROPN	.	PUNCT	.
The Crimson Tide responded with touchdowns on the next two consecutive drives. Richardson and Lacy both scored on one yard runs to extend Alabama's lead to 38 – 7 entering the fourth quarter. In the fourth, the Tide scored their final touchdown of the afternoon on	on	ADP	a	DET	 a
The band released nine DVDs in the next three years to keep up with the demand. As they had done in Australia, The Wiggles chose to tour, but start off small, with simple props and sets instead of hiring a touring company. Some of their	their	PRON	first	ADJ	 first
In its first year of operation, Hume collected 215,000 salmon eggs and released about 100,000 fry. After the first hatchery was destroyed by fire in 1893, Hume he built a new hatchery in 1895, and in 1897 he co operated with the United States Fish Commission	Commission	PROPN	in	ADP	 in
He located its wielder, Cervantes, but was beaten severely. Revealed to have survived in Soulcalibur III but having lost an eye, he found himself on the run from assassins sent by his former employer. Traveling by night under a false name, he was taken	taken	VERB	in	ADP	 in
Odense is the see of the bishop of Funen. Saint Canute's Cathedral (Danish: Sankt Knuds Kirke) was formerly connected with the great Benedictine monastery of the same name, and is one of the largest and finest buildings of its kind in Denmark. Originally	Originally	ADV	dating	VERB	 dating
The recess was later filled by the Turks with a smaller set of walls, so as to preserve unbroken the outer wall's frontage. The Ottomans also added additional buttresses to the junctions of their wall with the original curtain wall, while the space between the original	original	ADJ	gate	NOUN	 gate
For his scientific accomplishments in London, Fairley was elected a Fellow of the Royal Society in 1942. With the outbreak of the Second World War, the Australian Army's director general of medical services, Major General Rupert Downes tapped Fairley as consulting physician. Fairley was	was	AUX	seconded	VERB	 seconded
Flooding also occurred in the west coast near Belo. The storm disrupted portions of at least three highways. The storm left about 10,000 people homeless, with about 1,500 people forced to stay in storm shelters. Damage to public buildings was estimated at $300,000 (2000	2000	NUM	USD	PROPN	 USD
On 5 April, Kane captained Tottenham for the first time in a 0 – 0 draw with Burnley at Turf Moor. Two weeks later, he scored his 30th goal of the season in a 3 – 1 win against Newcastle United at St James ' Park,	,	PUNCT	making	VERB	 making
At the try out he made the team, winning a spot over several other players and became the starting goalie for the Greyhounds. Vanbiesbrouck played in 56 games and complied a 31 – 16 – 1 record during his first season in Sault Ste. Marie. Following	Following	VERB	the	DET	 the
The episode ultimately ranked as the highest rated NBC series of the night. Pam Halpert (Jenna Fischer) finds managing her household without her husband Jim (John Krasinski) to be more difficult than anticipated, as she struggles with duties such as taking out the trash	trash	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
The San Francisco Giants ' AA team, the Richmond Flying Squirrels, began play at The Diamond in 2010, replacing the AAA Richmond Braves, who relocated after 2008. Additionally, the Washington Nationals, Boston Red Sox, Seattle Mariners, Chicago White Sox, and	and	CCONJ	Atlanta	PROPN	 Atlanta
Wright and Joseph H. Moore, interim wartime Lick director, imagined an 85 inch (2.2 m) or 90 inch (2.3 m) reflector based upon the funds proposed in the budget by Sproul. Mayall and Gerald E. Kron sent a letter to Sproul representing the	the	DET	younger	ADJ	 younger
Among those that do, a regular tessellation has both identical regular tiles and identical regular corners or vertices, having the same angle between adjacent edges for every tile. There are only three shapes that can form such regular tessellations: the equilateral triangle, square, and	and	CCONJ	regular	ADJ	 regular
The first sod at Tullamarine was turned two years later in November 1964. In line with the five year plan, the runways at Essendon were expanded to handle larger aircraft, with Ansett Australia launching the Boeing 727 there in October 1964, the first jet aircraft used	used	VERB	for	ADP	 for
Caprella mutica were first detected in New Zealand in the port of Timaru, South Island in 2002. This was the first incident of C. mutica being reported in the southern hemisphere. Since then, more well established populations of C. mutica have been found in Port Lyttelton	Lyttelton	PROPN	in	ADP	 in
The festival's artistic director Marco Mueller had chosen Black Swan over The American (starring George Clooney) for opening film, saying, " [It] was just a better fit... Clooney is a wonderful actor, and he will always be welcome in Venice.	.	PUNCT	But	CCONJ	 But
The reserve is administered from its headquarters in the district of Nainital. Corbett National Park is one of the thirteen protected areas covered by the World Wide Fund For Nature under their Terai Arc Landscape Program. The program aims to protect three of the five terrestrial flagship species	species	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
The National Guard were assisting on filling sandbags to protect homes, schools and plants across the state which experienced some of the worst flooding since the Great Flood of 1993 which affected most of the Mississippi River Valley. Torrential rains on May 10 had also caused flooding in	in	ADP	parts	NOUN	 parts
This contrasted with Frost, who had a more aggressive and combative mindset, often making bold public statements. Thorpe ignored Frost's advice and bulked up his upper body by a further 5 kg to 105 kg, making him the heaviest elite swimmer in history. His	His	PRON	reasoning	NOUN	 reasoning
Strong aftershocks, some exceeding magnitude 6, continued to hit the area even months after the main quake, causing new casualties and damage. Official figures (as of July 21, 2008 12: 00 CST) stated that 69,197 were confirmed dead, including 68,636 in	in	ADP	Sichuan	PROPN	 Sichuan
Charles Dickens's 1845 novella The Cricket on the Hearth, divided into sections called " Chirps ", tells the story of a cricket which chirps on the hearth and acts as a guardian angel to a family. Carlo Collodi's 1883 children's book " Le avventure	avventure	NOUN	di	X	 di
Originally due out in October 2009, its release date was bumped to February 19, 2010. With $41.1 million in ticket sales at over 2,900 locations, Shutter Island gave Williams her widest release and best opening weekend stats. In December, she starred opposite Ryan	Ryan	PROPN	Gosling	PROPN	 Gosling
By the 19th century, many Old World churchyards and church walls had completely run out of room for new monuments, and cemeteries on the outskirts of cities, towns or villages became the usual place for burials. The rich developed the classical styles of the ancient world	world	NOUN	for	ADP	 for
On Mercedes ' wedding day Riley's grandfather Silas kidnapped her in a " shock storyline twist " after Mercedes revealed her affair with Carl. Metcalfe had previously teased that Mercedes might have to watch her back around Silas in the future. Silas planned to hold Mercedes until	until	ADP	after	SCONJ	 after
While only starting playing the game in 2010, she made the national team in 2011 and competed in the 2011 IBSA Goalball World Cup and 2011 African Oceania regional Paralympic qualifying competition. She was selected to represent Australia at the 2012 Summer Paralympics in goalball. Henderson was	was	AUX	born	VERB	 born
At one point, Fuchs did calculation work that Edward Teller had refused to do because of lack of interest. He was the author of techniques (such as the still used Fuchs Nordheim method) for calculating the energy of a fissile assembly that goes highly prompt critical	critical	ADJ	,	PUNCT	,
The Stanley Cup final between Montreal and Seattle was left undecided, as an influenza outbreak suspended the final. The " Super Six " Senators of the 1920s are considered by the NHL to be its first dynasty. The club won four Stanley Cups and placed first in	in	ADP	the	DET	 the
Academically, Romney was steady but undistinguished. He graduated from high school in 1925; his yearbook picture caption was " Serious, high minded, of noble nature — a real fellow. " Partly to stay near Lenore, Romney spent the next year as a junior	junior	ADJ	college	NOUN	 college
Mayflies are distributed all over the world in clean freshwater habitats, though absent from Antarctica. They tend to be absent from oceanic islands or represented by one or two species that have dispersed from nearby mainland. Female mayflies may be dispersed by wind, and eggs may	may	AUX	be	AUX	 be
He introduces this claim when he says: This nation of ours hath, for an hundred years past, been infested by two enemies, the Papists and fanatics, who, each in their turns, filled it with blood and slaughter, and, for a time	time	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
Goodman wrote the episode after he was set a challenge by executive producer Rick Berman, and wrote in references to the 1940 film Santa Fe Trail and The Original Series episode " Spectre of the Gun ". The episode was mostly filmed on the Western town set nicknamed	nicknamed	VERB	"	PUNCT	 "
During the Vietnam War 35,000 Asian Americans served as part of the more than eight million U.S. service personnel that were deployed to South Vietnam, in fully integrated units. Three of them were posthumously awarded the Medal of Honor, including Corporal Terry Kawamura who was, as	as	ADP	of	ADP	 of
The demanded redesign — which was ordered soon after post Albizzi members secured a majority among the operai — is at the heart of any discussion about the political implications of the fresco. For centuries, art historians have argued that the rejection was rooted in questions of perspective	perspective	NOUN	and	CCONJ	 and
The Andrade Port of Entry at the southern end of the highway was built in 1970. The current alignment of SR 186 was assigned in 1972 by the California State Legislature. There are two bridges along the alignment of SR 186. The first one to be constructed	constructed	VERB	was	AUX	 was
Fort Cumberland was located on the Isthmus of Chignecto, which connects modern mainland Nova Scotia with New Brunswick. The area was strategically important in earlier conflicts between the French colony of Acadia and British controlled Nova Scotia. Originally built by the French in 1750 as Fort Beauséjour	Beauséjour	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
In early 1780 he was appointed by the African Committee of the Royal African Company, as the governor of Anomabu, a British fortification near Cape Coast Castle in Ghana. This position made him also vice president of the RAC Council of the Castle. Due to his	his	PRON	ineptitude	NOUN	 ineptitude
" And Glenn Erickson, reviewing the DVD on his " DVD Savant " website, noted, " Roger Corman's second Edgar Allan Poe adaptation is a big improvement on his first, House of Usher … Remembered as a first rate chiller by every kid who saw	saw	VERB	it	PRON	 it
After being fired from German studios due to his friendship with Jewish producers, Clouzot returned to France, where he spent years bedridden after contracting tuberculosis. Upon recovering, Clouzot found work in Nazi occupied France as a screenwriter for the German owned company Continental Films. At	At	ADP	Continental	PROPN	 Continental
Arable crops consisted mainly of wheat, barley, oats and potatoes. The field boundaries date back several centuries and are marked by walls, cloddiau and hedgerows; important habitats for a variety of wildlife. Wrecking and smuggling supplemented local incomes. In 1743 John Roberts and	and	CCONJ	Huw	PROPN	 Huw
When detecting seismic signals, the animals lean forward and put more weight on their larger front feet; this is known as the " freezing behaviour ". Elephants possess several adaptations suited for seismic communication. The cushion pads of the feet contain cartilaginous nodes and have similarities	similarities	NOUN	to	ADP	 to
Between 2000 and 2010, the cities that led the state in population growth were Blanchard (172.4%), Elgin (78.2%), Jenks (77.0%), Piedmont (56.7%), Bixby (56.6%), and Owasso (56.3%	%	NOUN	)	PUNCT	)
In the 114th United States Congress, of the 36 Congressional districts in Texas, 25 are held by Republicans and 11 by Democrats. Texas's Senators are John Cornyn and Ted Cruz. Since 1994, Texans have not elected a Democrat to a statewide office. The	The	DET	state	NOUN	 state
With her older sister, Elizabeth, Anne was sent to be raised at Güstrow in Germany by her maternal grandparents, the Duke and Duchess of Mecklenburg. Compared with the roving Danish court, where King Frederick was notorious for gargantuan meals, heavy drinking and restless behaviour	behaviour	NOUN	(	PUNCT	 (
Practically all the members of the CRG were also members of the CCEG. The members of the CRG also had important individual roles in two of the important events of the Cultural Revolution, the Shanghai Commune and the Wuhan Incident. See: Shanghai People's Commune Two	Two	NUM	members	NOUN	 members
On 13 – 15 October, Beitzen, Z16 Friedrich Eckoldt, and the destroyers Z27 and Z30 laid a minefield off the Kanin Peninsula at the mouth of the White Sea that sank the Soviet icebreaker Mikoyan. Three weeks later, the same four destroyers escorted Admiral Hipper	Hipper	PROPN	as	SCONJ	 as
Confessions on a Dance Floor merged elements from 1970s disco, 1980s electropop and modern day club music. Madonna decided to incorporate elements of disco in her songs, while trying not to remake her music from past, instead choosing to pay tribute towards artists like Bee Gees	Gees	PROPN	and	CCONJ	 and
He claimed that most of the information that he was publishing came from " Elders ", or older members, involved in the first two of these traditions, and that as such he could not vouch for its accuracy, going so far as to state that he	he	PRON	doubted	VERB	 doubted
These ships, stationed on Île de France and Île Bonaparte, were ordered to attack and disrupt British trade routes from the Far East, in particular British India. This disruption was intended to have a negative financial effect on the British economy and force the Royal Navy	Navy	PROPN	to	PART	 to
At this peak strength, the eye of the hurricane was distinct and embedded within a well defined and round central dense overcast. Hurricane Juan remained at peak intensity for over 24 hours. After moving northwestward for an extended period of time, it turned and accelerated to	to	ADP	the	DET	 the
The four specimens described by Guy Robson as being members of a separate subspecies (Velodona togata capensis) were caught off the " Natal coast " (modern KwaZulu Natal coast, South Africa) at depths of between 220 fathoms (402.3 meters) and 250 fathoms (	(	PUNCT	457.2	NUM	457.2
Curving parabolically to the northeast on October 15, it weakened to a tropical depression early the next day before hitting the Isla de la Juventud in Cuba. 12 hours later, after striking mainland Cuba, it dissipated over the southern Straits of Florida. Reports from the	the	DET	government	NOUN	 government
Manager Brocklebank significantly strengthened Birmingham's playing staff, but although the club nearly reached another semifinal in the 1952 – 53 FA Cup, losing in the sixth round to Tottenham Hotspur after two replays, their league results failed to improve. In late 1954, Arthur Turner	Turner	PROPN	was	AUX	 was
JAL Mileage Bank (JMB) is the travel rewards program of JAL Group, including Japan Airlines, JALways, JAL Express, Japan Transocean Air, Japan Air Commuter, Hokkaido Air System and Ryukyu Air Commuter. The program's airline partners also include JAL's Oneworld	Oneworld	PROPN	partners	NOUN	 partners
After four years with the Ravens, Smith signed with the San Francisco 49ers in March 2015. Smith was born on January 26, 1989 and grew up with his mother Monica Jenkins in Colonial Beach, Virginia and Fredericksburg, Virginia. The oldest of seven children,	,	PUNCT	Smith	PROPN	 Smith
" After the success of Tangled (2010), on December 22, 2011, Disney announced a release date, November 27, 2013, for the film, together with a new title, Frozen, and Peter Del Vecho and John Lasseter took up as the	the	DET	project	NOUN	 project
Before the DPP became the ruling party, Chen suggested that then incumbent magistrate of Taoyuan County Annette Lu would be a better choice for Chen Shui bian's presidential running mate than any other party member. Lu was eventually selected as his running mate. After Shui bian	bian	PROPN	's	PART	's
In the loft is the church's organ, a tracker model manufactured by the Hinners Organ Company in 1879; the organ was not originally built for St. Leonard's. The nave measures 98 feet (30 m) between the entrance and the communion rail. An	An	DET	aisle	NOUN	 aisle
From 24 April, Iowa supported carrier operations which aimed to establish and maintain air superiority for ground forces during their struggle for the island. She then supported air strikes off southern Kyūshū from 25 May to 13 June. Afterward, she sailed toward northern Honshū and Hokkaidō	Hokkaidō	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
The family was described as being of mixed race in records of the day. His mother died in 1837, when he was nine years old, and his father remarried in 1839; the five children he had with María del Carmen Torres Pagán included Ramón's half	half	ADJ	brother	NOUN	 brother
In the waning minutes of the first quarter, the Badgers embarked on a drive in which they scored several first downs from both the running game and passing game. At the end of the quarter, they trailed 7 – 0, but were threatening, and a	a	DET	few	ADJ	 few
Bruix had a designed speed of 19 knots (35 km / h; 22 mph), but only reached a maximum speed of 18.37 knots (34.02 km / h; 21.14 mph) from 9,107 metric horsepower (6,698 kW) during sea trials on 15 September	September	PROPN	1896	NUM	 1896
The deck was mounted low in the hull, however, which reduced the volume of internal space protected by the armoured citadel. This contrasted with contemporary British and American designs that featured a single thick armoured deck mounted high in the ship. The forward conning tower had	had	VERB	a	DET	 a
To provide an accurate portrayal of a sufferer without disparagement, Khan spent several months researching his role by reading books, watching videos and talking to people affected by the condition. Upon release, My Name is Khan became one of the highest grossing Bollywood films of all	all	DET	time	NOUN	 time
Hoe made a remarkably quick recovery; by the first week of July, she was discharged. She continued her treatment with the hospital; follow up checks showed that she was in a state of remission. Hoe's attitude towards her mother and other family members began	began	VERB	to	PART	 to
Denmark Hill Campus is situated in south London near the borders of the London Borough of Lambeth and the London Borough of Southwark in Camberwell and is the only campus not situated on the River Thames. The campus consists of King's College Hospital, the Maudsley Hospital and	and	CCONJ	the	DET	 the
The round, streamlined fuselage was optimized to reduce drag and house the considerable amount of equipment and fuel required by the VVS. It had mid mounted straight laminar flow wings and the engine nacelles were mounted in the middle of the wing, with the wing spars continued	continued	VERB	by	ADP	 by
Shortly thereafter, on January 31, 2005, Bure sued Arbat Prestige for 300 million rubles (US $10.65 million) in a court in Moscow. He also demanded Arbat Prestige print a retraction and apology in a future paper, similar to the suit against the	the	DET	eXile	PROPN	 eXile
In March 1916, he enlisted in the Australian Imperial Force for service in the First World War. He was posted to the 40th Battalion, and completed training in Tasmania and the United Kingdom, where he was promoted to lance corporal. Transferring to the Western Front	Front	PROPN	in	ADP	 in
Preliminary research has suggested that antioxidants such as polyphenols may have beneficial effects on the inflammation characteristic of psoriasis. Many novel drugs being researched target the Th17 / IL 23 axis, particularly IL 23p19 inhibitors, as IL 23p19 is present in increased concentrations in psoriasis skin lesions	lesions	NOUN	while	SCONJ	 while
Because of this proximity, it is obvious that Duckett and Whitman met as neighbors. Their relationship was close, with the youth sharing Whitman's money when he had it. Whitman described their friendship as " thick ". Though some biographers describe him as a boarder	boarder	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
While Prince Poniatowski and Kościuszko considered the outcome of the war still open, and were planning to use the combined Polish Lithuanian forces to defeat the still separate Russian forces, King Poniatowski, with the consent of the Guardians of the Laws (cabinet of ministers) decided	decided	VERB	to	PART	 to
Silverberg recommended Ted White as a replacement. Cohen secured White's agreement and then fired Malzberg; White took over in October 1968, but because there was a backlog of stories Malzberg had acquired, the first issue on which he was credited as editor was the June	June	PROPN	1969	NUM	 1969
In retaliation, the Tsar stripped Kirill of his offices and honours, also initially banishing the couple from Russia. They had two daughters and settled in Paris before being allowed to visit Russia in 1909. In 1910 they moved to Russia, where Nicholas recognized her as	as	ADP	Grand	PROPN	 Grand
English philosopher John Stuart Mill experienced a several months long period of what he called " a dull state of nerves ", when one is " unsusceptible to enjoyment or pleasurable excitement; one of those moods when what is pleasure at other times, becomes insipid or indifferent	indifferent	ADJ	"	PUNCT	 "
In 1933, Hutchins proposed an unsuccessful plan to merge the University of Chicago and Northwestern University into a single university. During his term, the University of Chicago Hospitals (now called the University of Chicago Medical Center) finished construction and enrolled its first medical students.	.	PUNCT	Also	ADV	 Also
The classification for Stanford – Binet L M scores does not include terms such as " exceptionally gifted " and " profoundly gifted " in the test manual itself. David Freides, reviewing the Stanford – Binet Third Revision in 1970 for the Buros Seventh Mental Measurements Yearbook (	(	PUNCT	published	VERB	published
He commented that Sheridan had “ leading man looks ” with the hair of a “ dissolute heavy metal star ”, making him “ unsettling ” even when not wearing makeup that makes him look like a devil. Douglas E. Winter of Fangoria magazine believed that Sheridan might	might	AUX	have	AUX	 have
Alfred ' Freddie ' Lennon — always called ' Alf ' by his family — was always joking but never held a job for very long, preferring to visit Liverpool's many vaudeville theatres and cinemas, where he knew the usherettes by name. At the Trocadero club	club	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
Keith DeCandido reviewed the episode for Tor.com in June 2011. He described it as " one of the strongest first season episodes ", and the Bynars as " one of the finest alien species Trek has provided ". He also thought that turning off the auto destruct	destruct	NOUN	with	ADP	 with
In addition, favorable conditions allowed the storm to maintain its identity over land. Overall, Cyclone Leon – Eline traveled over 11,000 km (6,800 mi) during its 29 – day duration. The origins of Leon – Eline were from a low pressure area that developed	developed	VERB	within	ADP	 within
Honestly, this is the most nervous I've been before qualifying in probably five years at least, because I knew we had a shot at the pole, and I knew last week we really messed up. I didn't want to mess up a fast car	car	NOUN	today	NOUN	 today
This corresponds to a visual luminosity 9.2 times greater than that of the Sun. When the entire spectrum of radiation from Beta Pictoris and the Sun is taken into account, Beta Pictoris is found to be 8.7 times more luminous than the Sun. Many main sequence stars	stars	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
Atangana's work performance convinced the French to let him return to Yaoundé in late 1921 or early 1922. Soon thereafter, Atemengue was made chief of the local court, and Atangana was again appointed paramount chief (chef supérieur). He received a seat on the	the	DET	Council	PROPN	 Council
Such was the public interest that the courtroom was fitted with security screens to protect Brady and Hindley. The pair were each charged with three murders, those of Evans, Downey and Kilbride, as it was considered that there was by then sufficient evidence to implicate Hindley	Hindley	PROPN	in	ADP	 in
" Elgar, as a Roman Catholic, was much moved by Newman's poem about the death and redemption of a sinner, but some influential members of the Anglican establishment disagreed. His colleague, Charles Villiers Stanford complained that the work " stinks of incense ".	.	PUNCT	The	DET	 The
The first collegiate baseball game at PNC Park was played on May 6, 2003, between the Pitt Panthers and the Duquesne Dukes, a rivalry that was referred to as the City Game. Duquesne won 2 – 1. However, due to Duquesne's decision to	to	PART	disband	VERB	 disband
Instead, Ahearn bought Gorman's interest in the club for $35,000 and a share of the Connaught Park Racetrack and Gorman moved on to New York to manage the New York Americans. In 1929, Ahearn sold the club to the Ottawa Auditorium corporation for $150,000	150,000	NUM	,	PUNCT	,
The guns proved adequate for the carrier's air defense, but were gradually phased out of use by the carrier fleet because of their weight. (Rather than having the carrier defend itself by gunnery this would be assigned to other surrounding ships within a carrier battle group	group	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
Northup worked on plantations in the state of Louisiana for 12 years before his release. The first scholarly edition of Northup's memoir, co edited in 1968 by Sue Eakin and Joseph Logsdon, carefully retraced and validated the account and concluded it to be accurate. Other	Other	ADJ	characters	NOUN	 characters
The Isobarik was famously used as the acid test for the budget priced NAD 3020 amplifier at its UK launch. In the 1970s, the DMS Isobarik, available in a number of veneers, sold for £1,000. As part of their corporate philosophy, Linn intended	intended	VERB	significant	ADJ	 significant
After this, the introduction of the SA 10 missile, the MiG 31 interceptor and the first Soviet Airborne Early Warning and Control (AWACS) systems would make the B 52 increasingly vulnerable. During 1981, funds were allocated to a new study for a bomber for	for	ADP	the	DET	 the
Data for 1801 – 1971 is available at Britain Through Time; data for 1971 – 2001 is available from BANES The 2001 Census gives detailed information about the Chew Valley North ward, which includes both Chew Magna and Chew Stoke. The ward had 2,307 residents, living	living	VERB	in	ADP	 in
Not without much hesitation and regret, she issued a decree which removed them from all the institutions of the monarchy, and carried it out thoroughly. She forbade the publication of Pope Clement XIII's bull which was in favour of the Jesuits and promptly confiscated their property	property	NOUN	when	SCONJ	 when
These loops were shortened to 3.3 km and 2.5 km, and then combined. Four additional loops of 1.2 km (women's sprint), 1.3 km (men's sprint), 5 km, and 7.5 km were also created. At the fall 2007 meeting	meeting	NOUN	in	ADP	 in
The video attracted the anger of Bill O'Reilly, calling the video " shameless " and the models as " pinheads ". For the month of September 2009, players in the US that purchase Guitar Hero 5 would be able to redeem a code with the game to	to	PART	receive	VERB	 receive
Fanning has stated that although political messages may be common throughout his and Powderfinger's music, it is not the central focus when writing songs: " A balance has to be struck in a lot of ways, in the sense that primarily I'm a musician.	.	PUNCT	I	PRON	 I
The son of a Leicestershire weaver, Fox lived in a time of great social upheaval and war. He rebelled against the religious and political authorities by proposing an unusual and uncompromising approach to the Christian faith. He travelled throughout Britain as a dissenting preacher, for which	which	PRON	he	PRON	 he
The 51st Army engaged the Romanian 6th Corps, taking many prisoners. As the 57th Army joined the attack at 10: 00, the situation developed in such a way that the Stalingrad Front could throw its armored corps into battle. The German 297th Infantry Division watched	watched	VERB	as	SCONJ	 as
The song was also featured on the soundtrack album to Wall Street: Money Never Sleeps, along with several other David Byrne compositions. Eno has also said the album is about " paint [ing] a picture of the human trying to survive in an increasingly digital	digital	ADJ	world	NOUN	 world
The culture wars, and political correctness in particular, were driven by the belief that relativism was becoming more relevant to daily life. Groening explained that South Park " made a name for itself as rude, crude, vulgar, offensive, and potentially dangerous ".	.	PUNCT	Its	PRON	 Its
Meanwhile, the convocation sejm of 1648 had elected a new king, Jan Kazimierz II Vasa. Wiśniowiecki supported other candidates, such as George I Rákóczi and Karol Ferdynand Vasa (Jan Kazimierz's brother). Due to the opposition from Jeremi's detractors, he was	was	AUX	not	PART	 not
They united against him in the Treaty of the Triple Alliance. The war led to his country's utter defeat and ruin and the casualties were immense. A declared purpose of the Treaty of the Triple Alliance was the demolition of the Humaitá fortifications and that none others	others	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
The day sentence was pronounced on her, Warwick did not attend. Ambrose Dudley became one of the leading patrons of moderate Puritanism, the principal concern of which was the furtherance of preaching. Discouraged by the official Church, this was largely dependent on private initiatives by	by	ADP	influential	ADJ	 influential
Both Future and Science Fiction Stories were 128 pages long when they changed to digest format; Future remained at that length, but Science Fiction Stories switched to 144 pages for nine issues, from January 1956 to May 1957. The sequence of title changes for the two	two	NUM	magazines	NOUN	 magazines
Oldenburg was the first German capital ship built entirely from German made steel. The German navy regarded Oldenburg as an adequate sea boat, though she suffered from significant pitching. As a result of her tendency to pitch severely, a 60 t (59 long tons;	;	PUNCT	66	NUM	 66
The U.S. Court of Appeals for the Seventh Circuit held that a threat was knowingly made if the maker comprehended the meaning of the words uttered by him. It was willingly made, if in addition to comprehending the meaning of his words, the maker voluntarily and intentionally	intentionally	ADV	uttered	VERB	 uttered
The company had under quoted to gain the contract, which meant that production of the batch was rushed. The necessity to maintain an intensive timetable on the Southern Railway ’ s Western section prompted an increase of the order to 30 locomotives (Nos. E763 – E792	E792	PROPN	)	PUNCT	)
By halftime, the Warriors had lost some of their edge, but still led 79 – 68. Chamberlain's point total stood at 41. The Warriors felt little excitement, as he had scored 60 or more points on 15 previous occasions. " I often came	came	VERB	into	ADP	 into
Operation Storm commenced at dawn on 4 August 1995 and was declared complete on the evening of 7 August, despite significant mopping up operations against pockets of resistance lasting until 14 August. Operation Storm was a strategic victory in the Bosnian War, effectively ending the siege of	of	ADP	Bihać	PROPN	 Bihać
Large families of plants are pollinated in this manner, which is favored when individuals of the dominant plant species are spaced closely together. Wind also limits tree growth. On coasts and isolated mountains, the tree line is often much lower than in corresponding altitudes inland and	and	CCONJ	in	ADP	 in
The Rivergreenway was designated a National Recreation Trail in 2009. As of 2016, the Rivergreenway had expanded with additional trails to encompass 90 miles (140 km) throughout the city and county. With the expansion of trails in recent years, cycling has become an emerging	emerging	VERB	mode	NOUN	 mode
This game was later followed by two sequels, the first in 1991, and the second in 1992. All three games were re released for DOS on a single disk in 1995. Another 1991 release was Neverwinter Nights on America Online, the first graphical Massively Multiplayer	Multiplayer	PROPN	Online	PROPN	 Online
The receiving mayor then waves the flag eight times. There are three such flags: The Antwerp flag was presented to the IOC at the 1920 Summer Olympics by the city of Antwerp, Belgium, and was passed on to the next organising city of the Summer Olympics	Olympics	PROPN	until	ADP	 until
The University of Houston's academic colleges are as follows: The University of Houston was ranked the 31st top college in the United States by Payscale and CollegeNet's Social Mobility Index college rankings. The U.S. News & World Report ranks the university No. 187 in its	its	PRON	National	PROPN	 National
Hundreds of homes were destroyed throughout the city, leaving an estimated 20,000 people homeless. According to the American Society of Civil Engineers, an enormous 235,000 ft3 (6,650 m3) of water was being moved per second during the height of the flood. At the height	height	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
Delaware Governor Jack Markell, U.S. Senator Tom Carper, and DelDOT Secretary Shailen Bhatt rode in the first car across the bridge. On January 30, 2012, one northbound lane of the new bridge opened. On May 6, 2012, the Indian River Inlet Bridge	Bridge	PROPN	was	AUX	 was
The roadway was used by US 10 from 1926 until 1940, when it was re routed and replaced by an alternate route. US 2 was extended from Idaho into Washington in 1946 and used the bridge until the newer Senator George Sellar Bridge was built to the south	south	NOUN	in	ADP	 in
In June 1969, an infantry company from 5 RAR, then on its second tour, and supported by a troop of tanks and another of APCs fought a significant combined arms action against a battalion sized force of North Vietnamese regulars and Viet Cong local force troops during	during	ADP	the	DET	 the
The movie starts when it starts. We find out Hal is the guy fairly early on, and the adventure begins ". Alternatively Chris Pine and Sam Worthington had been in discussions for the role. Bradley Cooper, Jared Leto and Justin Timberlake were other top contenders	contenders	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
The mine, dubbed Project Eagle or the Eagle Mine by the company, has been controversial with area residents. Some residents have praised the project as good for the economy, while others including area Indian tribes, have opposed the development citing environmental concerns. Lawsuits have	have	AUX	delayed	VERB	 delayed
It was the 10th race of the 2008 Formula One season and was contested over 67 laps. It was won by Lewis Hamilton for the McLaren team after starting from pole position. Nelson Piquet Jr. finished second for Renault, with Felipe Massa third for Ferrari. Hamilton	Hamilton	PROPN	maintained	VERB	 maintained
" Ramon Hagenbeuk of Dutch XGN included Mileena among the " top 10 ugly game chicks " in 2015 due to her face despite " her nice figure ". French magazine Retropolis placed Mileena second in a 2013 ranking of the sexiest girls in fighting games in which her	her	PRON	bust	NOUN	 bust
The Nielsen ratings showed 57 million were watching the show – one in three Americans. When Skouras was forced out of Fox by the company's board of directors in July 1962, Aubrey was widely mentioned to be his successor, but he openly denied he had any	any	DET	intention	NOUN	 intention
In 2004 she travelled to the US to work with British musician and record producer John Porter and engineer and mixer Jay Newland. Porter assembled a group of session musicians for the album, including drummer Michael Barker, bassist John Patitucci and cellist Martin Tillman. Higgins released	released	VERB	her	PRON	 her
On Kangaroo Island, the grey currawong has been identified as the main vector for the spread of bridal creeper (Asparagus asparagoides). Boneseed (Chrysanthemoides monilifera subspecies monilifera), another invasive species readily dispersed in bird droppings, is also consumed by grey currawongs. In	In	ADP	Tasmania	PROPN	 Tasmania
Triactinomyxons are much shorter lived, surviving 34 days or less, depending on temperature. M. cerebralis infections have been reported from a wide range of salmonid species: eight species of " Atlantic " salmonids, Salmo; four species of " Pacific " salmonids, Oncorhynchus;	;	PUNCT	four	NUM	 four
Others have suggested that finding himself at the centre of an internal conflict in Miletus, he chose to go into exile rather than exacerbate the situation. In Thrace, he took control of the city that Histiaeus had founded, Myrcinus (site of the later Amphipolis)	)	PUNCT	,	PUNCT	,
The Annals of Lindisfarne and Durham, written in the early 12th century, relate under the year 1046 that " Earl Siward with a great army came to Scotland, and expelled king Mac Bethad, and appointed another; but after his departure Mac Bethad recovered his kingdom	kingdom	NOUN	"	PUNCT	 "
The only exception to the bloodline requirements is in the case of Appaloosa colored geldings or spayed mares with unknown pedigrees; owners may apply for " hardship registration " for these non breeding horses. The ApHC does not accept horses with draft, pony, Pinto, or	or	CCONJ	Paint	PROPN	 Paint
One exception was the Paul Quinn Weekly newspaper, of Texas ' Paul Quinn College — an all black institution — which published several articles that criticized the lynch mob and city leadership. In one article, the author proclaimed that Jesse Washington was innocent and George Fryer was	was	AUX	guilty	ADJ	 guilty
He made 80, putting on 159 with fellow Victorian Neil Harvey, who made his first Test century in his second international match, as Australia amassed 8 / 575. The debutant all rounder said that he was nervous but Harvey " was going along merrily and he	he	PRON	soon	ADV	 soon
He also built a frame home that year which still stands; Pickett House is the oldest house in Bellingham and the oldest house on its original foundation in the Pacific Northwest. While posted to Fort Bellingham, Pickett married a Native American woman of the Haida tribe,	,	PUNCT	Morning	PROPN	 Morning
Gwyn took control of the Second Division, but soon went on a leave of absence from January 8, 18 days into his 20 day service assignment, to January 21, 1865. On February 5, he led the Third Brigade into the Battle of Hatcher's	's	PART	Run	PROPN	 Run
The court read down the burden of proof as merely one of an evidential burden – meaning the defendant merely had to raise some evidence to support the defence, which it believed did not conflict with Article 6 (2). However, in Sheldrake v DPP,	,	PUNCT	the	DET	 the
Henry Poe was an inspiration to his brother's life and writings and the two had similar writing styles. Edgar Allan Poe for a time used the alias " Henri Le Rennet ", a name inspired by Henry. Henry's influence on Edgar's writing include a	a	DET	character	NOUN	 character
Swift said the video centered around unrequited love. Some of Swift's associates first believed the video should have been set in a prior era. They then thought about filming the video at a large city. However, Swift wanted to go back to basics and keep	keep	VERB	the	DET	 the
Like other homeostatic devices, the control of enzymatic action helps to maintain a stable internal environment in living organisms. Post translational modification Examples of post translational modification include phosphorylation, myristoylation and glycosylation. For example, in the response to insulin, the phosphorylation of multiple enzymes	enzymes	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
Whereas Caesar supposedly built his bridge in ten days, the filmmakers had around forty. The schedule was short though, but the authorities would only allow them this build time to not completely disrupt normal summer activities on the lake. The filmmakers made a trench to change	change	VERB	the	DET	 the
As a compromise, the company provided Stember with sounds sampled at the relatively low rate of 22 kHz, half the standard rate. Stember objected, claiming that the clips sounded worse than effects he had lifted from VHS tapes for a previous Star Wars project. The	The	DET	game	NOUN	 game
Mostly, these tended to be instances of embellishment, such as when Chatwin wrote of a nurse who loved the work of Osip Mandelstam - one of his favorite authors - when in fact she was a fan of Agatha Christie. When Michael Ignatieff asked Chatwin his opinion	opinion	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
Throughout the 1970s and 80s Bristol Old Vic productions were well received both locally and on tour, but by the late 80s faced chronic underfunding. A revival under the leadership of Andrew (Andy) Hay brought an increase in audience numbers; there followed a new Arts	Arts	PROPN	Council	PROPN	 Council
Who is? He's got his vices and very few perceptible virtues except patriotism and courage, which are probably not virtues anyway... But I didn't intend for him to be a particularly likeable person. " Fleming agreed with some critics ' characterisation of Bond as	as	ADP	an	DET	 an
In 2000, he became part owner of the Phoenix Coyotes, and following the 2004 – 05 NHL lockout he became the team's head coach. In 2004, he was inducted into the Ontario Sports Hall of Fame. In September 2009, following the franchise's	's	PART	bankruptcy	NOUN	 bankruptcy
The arms shipment to the Haganah, known as the " Cement Incident ", served as the final impetus for al Qassam to launch a revolt against the authorities. On 8 November the body of a British constable, Moshe Rosenfeld, was discovered near Ein Harod.	.	PUNCT	Al	PROPN	 Al
Historically, the hookbill was only recorded three times. All three sightings were made by George C. Munro; the first was when he collected a single bird on February 22, 1913, and the other two sightings came on March 16, 1916 and August 12,	,	PUNCT	1918	NUM	 1918
The strongest cyclone of the season, the first hurricane, peaked at Category 4 strength with 145 mph (230 km / h) winds. Upon striking Texas shortly after peak intensity, it produced a devastating storm surge in the Galveston area, with nearly destroyed the	the	DET	city	NOUN	 city
After a Republican air attack on the German warship Deutschland, Germany and Italy said they would withdraw from the Non Intervention Committee and from maritime patrols. Early June 1937 saw the return of Germany and Italy to the committee and patrols, but they withdrew from patrols following	following	VERB	a	DET	 a
In July 1863, during the three day New York Draft Riots, in which most participants were ethnic Irish, rioters attacked and burned down the orphan asylum. The children were saved by the staff and Union troops in the city. During its nearly 30 years,	,	PUNCT	the	DET	 the
According to Brazilian football chronicler Mario Rodrigues Filho, claims of authorship of football skills reflected the tenor of the early game. Peruvian football journalist Roberto Castro wrote that it is inherently impossible to know for certain who made the first bicycle kick, as anyone playing with a	a	DET	ball	NOUN	 ball
Under the leadership of Google, the team was in the process of developing a standardized, Linux based operating system for mobile phones to compete against the likes of Symbian and Windows Mobile, which would be offered for use by individual original equipment manufacturers. Initial development of	of	ADP	what	PRON	 what
Once the final modifications had been made, the Committee of Style and Arrangement was appointed " to revise the style of and arrange the articles which had been agreed to by the house. " Unlike other committees, whose members were named so the committees included members from	from	ADP	different	ADJ	 different
Beaufort developed the Wind Force Scale and Weather Notation coding, which he was to use in his journals for the remainder of his life. He also promoted the development of reliable tide tables around British shores, and with his friend William Whewell, expanded weather record keeping	keeping	NOUN	at	ADP	 at
However, in sculpture, he is often four armed and in two of his hands, he holds a lotus and a conch, while his other hands rest on the heads of his personified weapons (ayudhapurusha) - Gadadevi or Gadanari (gada as a female)	)	PUNCT	on	ADP	 on
She took a total of 0 / 24 from 10 overs. After playing in the first four matches of the 2004 – 05 WNCL season, Poulton missed three matches in a row before playing her final match of the season against Queensland and being dropped for the three	three	NUM	finals	NOUN	 finals
The 2016 season was a disaster for the Gophers as they only managed to win two conference games. The lone bright spot came during a late season upset against ranked Maryland to give the Gophers their first conference win on the season. Despite the lack of success on	on	ADP	the	DET	 the
An early European depiction of a cockatoo is present in the 1496 painting by Andrea Mantegna titled Madonna della Vittoria. Later examples were painted by Hungarian artist Jakob Bogdani (1660 – 1724), who resided in Amsterdam from 1683 and then England, and appeared with numerous	numerous	ADJ	other	ADJ	 other
Once inside, he encounters the ghost of a deceased orphan, Lauryl, who was killed by the Gray Lady. She is trapped within the Cradle because it " remembers " her. The Shalebridge Cradle is divided into two sections: the " Inner Cradle " and	and	CCONJ	"	PUNCT	 "
Among other issues, the MPs criticized that policemen parked their cars and put bullet proof vests on within the shooting range of the attacker, initially failed to get information from the witnesses and only later during the intervention attempted to contact them, didn't cover the back	back	ADJ	exit	NOUN	 exit
During World War II, soldiers of the 7th Infantry Division were awarded three Medals of Honor, 26 Distinguished Service Crosses, one Distinguished Service Medal, 982 Silver Star Medals, 33 Legion of Merit Medals, 50 Soldier's Medals, 3,853 Bronze Star Medals, and	and	CCONJ	178	NUM	 178
One proposal included building a highway linking the Biscayne Bay keys to the Overseas Highway at Key Largo and to the developed barrier islands to the north. At the same time, pressure built to accommodate industrial development in South Florida. This led to competing priorities between those	those	PRON	who	PRON	 who
Aurora left Hobart on 24 December 1914, having been delayed in Australia by financial and organizational problems. The arrival in McMurdo Sound on 15 January 1915 was later in the season than planned, but the party ’ s commander Aeneas Mackintosh made immediate plans for a depot	depot	ADJ	laying	VERB	 laying
The general provision regarding criminal aspects of self defense are contained in the Section 29 (Necessary self defense) of the Criminal Code. General provisions regarding civil liability in respect of self defense are contained in the Section 14 of the Civil Code. In general, Czech	Czech	ADJ	penal	ADJ	 penal
He also carried a.322 batting average with 43 RBI. The RBI total ranked third in the NL since May 1, even with the second DL stay. Through September 16, he showed that he was adept at hitting with runners in scoring position with a.355 batting average	average	NOUN	in	ADP	 in
It received a Nielsen rating of 7.5 percent, meaning that it was watched by 7.5 percent of all of those watching television at the time of the broadcast. It was the most watched episode of the season, receiving the highest ratings since the first season episode "	"	PUNCT	Ex	PROPN	 Ex
Teeth chattering, hisses and exhalations are also made as aggressive warnings. Visual displays also occur: Weddell seals will make an S shaped posture when patrolling under the ice, and Ross seals will display the stripes on their chests and teeth when approached. Male hooded seals	seals	NOUN	use	VERB	 use
Kirsten Koba of Popmatters commented that " Irresistible is more reminiscent of trips to the dentist's office, or any equally oppressive place that only plays adult contemporary schlock. " Barry Walters of Rolling Stone wrote that except " Hot Like Fire ", every other track on	on	ADP	Irresistible	ADJ	 Irresistible
Stefani, preoccupied with her baby Kingston Rossdale, cancelled their session and commented that she " didn't want to go through the pain of trying to work with someone [she] didn't know ". Iovine called Stefani, telling her, " You can cancel	cancel	VERB	everything	PRON	 everything
An Easter egg ending can be found at the beginning of the game. To trigger it, Ajay must simply wait at the dinner table during Darpan's torture; Pagan returns shortly and thanks Ajay for being a " gentleman ", and leads him to Lakshmana's	's	PART	shrine	NOUN	 shrine
On his return to Rome Bizet successfully requested permission to extend his stay in Italy into a third year, rather than going to Germany, so that he could complete " an important work " (which has not been identified). In September 1860, while visiting	visiting	VERB	Venice	PROPN	 Venice
The commission, led by French colonel Pierre Chardigny, included representatives from Italy, Great Britain, Spain, and Japan. On October 5, 1920, the Control Commission presented a concrete proposal to draw the demarcation line up to the village of Utieka on the Neman	Neman	PROPN	River	PROPN	 River
" Trainfire ", a classic country – style song inspired by Elvis Presley's cover of " Mystery Train ", addresses Townsend's former addiction to pornography, which he described as " this crazy, crack cocaine on the internet that nobody wants to talk about.	.	PUNCT	"	PUNCT	 "
West Honaker's power plant was a single triple expansion steam engine that drove a single screw propeller, which moved the ship at up to 11.5 knots (21.3 km / h). West Honaker was inspected by the United States Navy after completion for possible use as	as	ADP	service	NOUN	 service
The appeal was from a unanimous decision of the Court of Appeal that the Crown, both under the statutory Defence of the Realm Regulations and by the royal prerogative, was entitled to take and occupy, for military purposes in wartime, a commercial airfield on the south	south	ADJ	coast	NOUN	 coast
After the clashes, SP approached the Election Commission demanding de registration of MNS. SP general secretary whose press conference near Azad Maidan was disrupted by MNS activists on 3 February, Amar Singh petitioned the Commission requesting action against the MNS and its leaders for issuing " veiled	veiled	VERB	as	ADV	 as
It extends from Forest Hills in Jamaica Plain, Boston in the south to Oak Grove in Malden in the north. It meets the Red Line at Downtown Crossing, the Blue Line at State, and the Green Line at Haymarket and North Station. It connects with	with	ADP	Amtrak	PROPN	 Amtrak
" As an historical example, he cites the raid on Lindisfarne in 793, an event considered the beginning of the Viking Age and celebrated by the band Enslaved in its song " 793 (Slaget Om Lindisfarne) ". He contends that this attack was merely an	an	DET	opportunistic	ADJ	 opportunistic
IGN awarded Episode One with the title of " Best PC FPS of 2006 " and described it as a " great bang for the buck using Valve's new episodic plan ", although it did not offer " the complete experience that Half Life 2 was ".	.	PUNCT	GameSpy	PROPN	 GameSpy
Failing to match the popularity of her previous singles, the song peaked at number fifteen on the Australian ARIA Charts and at number nine on the RIANZ charts of New Zealand. It proved to be successful in Sweden, where it managed to go as far as number	number	NOUN	two	NUM	 two
It was McDowall's final film before his death in October 1998. Edie McClurg as Dr. Flora, the doctor of the ant colony Alex Rocco as Thorny, Princess Atta's assistant David Ossman as Cornelius, an elderly ant David Lander as Thumper, a feral grasshopper	grasshopper	NOUN	and	CCONJ	 and
Fifield falls face first into a puddle of dark liquid. When the crew return, they find Millburn's corpse. David separately discovers a control room containing a surviving Engineer in stasis, and a star map highlighting Earth. Meanwhile, Holloway sickens rapidly. He is	is	AUX	rushed	VERB	 rushed
" Gore is the recipient of a number of awards, including the Nobel Peace Prize (together with the Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change) in 2007, a Primetime Emmy Award for Current TV in 2007, a Webby Award in 2005 and the Prince of Asturias Award	Award	PROPN	in	ADP	 in
Consequently, sample preparation for the latter two techniques is relatively simple. Optical absorption is routinely used to quantify quality of the carbon nanotube powders. The spectrum is analyzed in terms of intensities of nanotube related peaks, background and pi carbon peak; the latter two mostly	mostly	ADV	originate	VERB	 originate
" Following the funeral, a tribute was held at the Baltimore Governor's Mansion. In the ensuing weeks, the Internal Revenue Service confiscated many of Divine's possessions and auctioned them off, as restitution for unpaid taxes. After developing a name for himself as a	a	DET	female	ADJ	 female
" Western philosophers, since the time of Descartes and Locke, have struggled to comprehend the nature of consciousness and pin down its essential properties. Issues of concern in the philosophy of consciousness include whether the concept is fundamentally coherent; whether consciousness can ever be explained mechanistically	mechanistically	ADV	;	PUNCT	;
The song also peaked at number 28 on the Adult Contemporary, where it remained for four weeks. It was a success on the Hot Dance Club Play, peaking atop the chart. In the United Kingdom, " You Lost Me " became Aguilera's lowest charting	charting	NOUN	single	ADJ	 single
" Mr. Bellamy ", the sixth song on the album, was thought by online fans to be about McCartney's then recent divorce. McCartney invited Radiohead frontman Thom Yorke to play piano on the song, but he declined. The press ran articles claiming that Yorke	Yorke	PROPN	had	AUX	 had
Having lived outside the territory for more than 25 years and having great difficulty remembering his native African language, he required the assistance of interpreters to communicate with the population, whom he stirred into a frenzy with his speeches. After the Governor and the federal government refused	refused	VERB	to	PART	 to
Two thick folds of skin encircle the body behind the front legs and before the hind legs. The rhino has a smaller fold of skin around its neck. The skin itself is thin, 10 – 16 mm (0.39 – 0.63 in), and in the	the	DET	wild	NOUN	 wild
After the death of King John in 1216 the war turned against the rebel barons and the royalist faction, including Falkes, was able to restore his son, the young Henry III to power in England. After the war, Falkes made Bedford Castle his headquarters and	and	CCONJ	he	PRON	 he
The film won three National Film Awards including Best Actress, three Filmfare Awards and six Screen Awards including Best Picture and Best Director. Box Office India declared the film a Blockbuster after its fourth week. Reshma (Vidya Balan) is running away from her house to	to	ADP	Chennai	PROPN	 Chennai
Though he praised it for being useful to tourists, researchers, students, resource managers, and conservationists, he expressed concern over its lack of availability in the bookstores of Madagascar. The completely revised second edition of Lemurs of Madagascar was reviewed in detail in the American	American	PROPN	Journal	PROPN	 Journal
(The Pythagorean theorem has been shown, in fact, to be equivalent to Euclid's Parallel (Fifth) Postulate.) In other words, in non Euclidean geometry, the relation between the sides of a triangle must necessarily take a non Pythagorean form. For	For	ADP	example	NOUN	 example
Censors like Martin Quigley and Joseph Breen understood that: a private industry code, strictly enforced, is more effective than government censorship as a means of imposing religious dogma. It is secret, for one thing, operating at the pre production stage. The audience never	never	ADV	knows	VERB	 knows
It widens into a four lane divided highway and emerges from the woods into agricultural areas, intersecting MD 480 (Ridgely Road) near Hillsboro. Past that intersection, the route heads through a mix of woods and residences, narrowing back into a two lane undivided road	road	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
In the early 1870s during the Grant Administration, lucrative postal route contracts were given to local contractors on the Pacific Coast and Southern regions of the United States. These were known as Star Routes because an asterisk was given on official Post Office documents. These remote routes	routes	NOUN	were	AUX	 were
When a colleague is stuck in an elevator with his feet dangling out of the doors, Ling asks, " Does this mean I'm going to have to take the stairs? " She is impatient in getting what she wants, for example snapping at a judge	judge	NOUN	to	PART	 to
Hall then took a brief hiatus and made her return on August 3, teaming with Phoenix to defeat Mickie James and Gail Kim. Hall unsuccessfully competed at WrestleMania XXV in a 25 Divas Battle Royal to determine the first Miss WrestleMania after being eliminated by Gail Kim.	.	PUNCT	On	ADP	 On
It was also included in BusinessWeek's unranked list of 60 " Best Design Schools in the World ". Admissions for undergraduate students are handled by Dartmouth College's Office of Undergraduate Admissions. Admission to graduate programs, including the B.E. degree, requires an undergraduate background in	in	ADP	engineering	NOUN	 engineering
The Germans claimed to have destroyed 75 French aircraft in the air and 400 on the ground. Such was the perceived success, the Luftwaffe concentrated against ports on the northern French coast thereafter. The damage inflicted by the Luftwaffe was far less than the Germans thought.	.	PUNCT	Only	ADV	 Only
The remainder were otherwise notable: Lieutenant Colonel John Fownes Luttrell (1752 – 1816). He was a member of parliament for Minehead from 1774 to 1806 and again from 1807 to 1816. The Reverend Alexander Luttrell (baptised 1754; died 1816). He was	was	AUX	educated	VERB	 educated
Tyshane, who previously contributed to a track from Church Clothes, co produced the song " Violence " with ThaInnaCircle. Other producers include Dirty Rice, DJ Official, Dru Castro, and Joseph Prielozny. Besides Big K.R.I.T. and Ashthon Jones, the album also features appearances	appearances	NOUN	by	ADP	 by
It was incorporated into an armoury leading to the naming of the " tombstone battery ". The island seems to have been held, in association with the local manors of Uphill and Christon, by the Bek family, who granted it to Henry de Lacy, 3rd	3rd	PROPN	Earl	PROPN	 Earl
By that time, American forces had set up the Pusan Perimeter to the southeast. On 22 July, the 24th Infantry Division was relieved by the 1st Cavalry Division. It was put under the command of Major General John H. Church, in the absence of Dean	Dean	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
" Mulder and Scully " was eventually released in January 1998 and, due to heavy promotion via BBC Radio 1, soon became the band's break out hit, propelling them " into the limelight […] numerous interviews and television appearances ". The band's	's	PART	record	NOUN	 record
The chief exports during British rule were cotton, jaggery, chillies, tobacco, palmyra fibre, salt, dried saltwater fish and cattle. Occupations in Tirunelveli include service sector activities such as administration, agricultural trading, tourism, banking, agro machinery and educational services.	.	PUNCT	In	ADP	 In
After being pulled back on stage, he announced, " Thanks to the lame ass security, I'm going home! " and departed, following which some 2500 fans staged a riot, resulting in an estimated $200,000 in damages. In September 1991, with	with	ADP	enough	ADJ	 enough
The stage at the western end was 49 feet (14.9 m) deep and 69.5 feet (21.2 m) wide, and reputedly the first to be flat, rather than raked. The interior was designed by the consulting architect, W. H. Romaine Walker (1854	1854	NUM	–	PUNCT	 –
Thurstan travelled to Rome, as did the Archbishop of Canterbury, William de Corbeil, and both presumably opposed David's request. David however gained the support of King Henry, and the Archbishop of York agreed to a year's postponement of the issue and to consecrate	consecrate	VERB	Robert	PROPN	 Robert
Spoken dialogue is in English, with Japanese subtitles. New scenes, clarifying certain plot points, such as Riku's journey and foreshadowing of Kingdom Hearts II, were included. A gameplay option allows the player to skip cut scenes after seeing them once. The optional	optional	ADJ	bosses	NOUN	 bosses
Having failed to gain a first down, Air Force turned the ball over to Virginia Tech, which began a drive at its 42 yard line. Tech's Eddie Hunter moved the ball forward on three consecutive rushes, earning a first down and driving into Air Force	Force	PROPN	territory	NOUN	 territory
The eight bar prechorus abruptly cuts in with minor chords and sampled feedback replaces the bass which drops out. This, coupled with Manson singing high in her range, creates tension and enables the presence of the bass to be felt when it re enters on the chorus	chorus	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
He accused both administrations of wasteful spending, specifically attacking the construction of the Kentucky Turnpike and Freedom Hall as unnecessary expenditures. Some of Chandler's attacks were more personal in nature; he charged that when Clements was governor, he spent $20,000 ($176,671 in	in	ADP	2016	NUM	 2016
A challenger to Planica arrived in 1949 with the construction of Heini Klopfer Skiflugschanze (" Heini Klopfer ski flying hill ") in Oberstdorf, West Germany. Designed by former ski jumper turned architect Heini Klopfer, as well as then active ski jumpers Toni Brutscher and Sepp	Sepp	PROPN	Weiler	PROPN	 Weiler
Jack orders the survivors to abandon ship, but Elizabeth manacles him to the mast so that the crew can escape the Kraken. Jack manages to break free, but is dragged down to the bottom of the sea by the Kraken. Jones discovers his heart is missing	missing	VERB	and	CCONJ	 and
No. 149 Squadron was not prepared for war. At least one of the crews — Flying Officer (F / O) Bill McRae — nearly took off without a bomb load. Looking in, he noticed the bomb bay empty. On the way to the	the	DET	target	NOUN	 target
However, the Dutch took another route and landed in La Puntilla. De Haro realized that an invasion was inevitable and ordered Captain Juan de Amezquita and 300 men to defend the island from El Morro Castle and then had the city of San Juan evacuated. He also	also	ADV	had	VERB	 had
After the Germans successfully broke out of Messina, the navy was recalled. The fleet had by that time advanced as far south as Brindisi in south eastern Italy. Viribus Unitis also participated in the bombardment of the Italian city of Ancona in May 1915. Following these	these	DET	operations	NOUN	 operations
That afternoon two infantry platoons attacked ' A ' Company, but were fought off by a counter attack from ' C ' Company's position. At 17: 30 a flight of Luftwaffe Focke Wulf Fw 190s attacked the Orne bridgehead, causing little in the way of	of	ADP	any	DET	 any
And to prevent all Evasion, Demand the Result You Want — $25.00 a MONTH and a lower cost to live. " On October 3, the police raided the Social Credit League's Edmonton office and seized 4,000 copies of the pamphlet. Griesbach pressed charges against	against	ADP	Powell	PROPN	 Powell
Because they walked single file, with a hand on the shoulder of the person in front, an observer remarked that they " looked like elephants, about to die. " The day now begins at Kyle Field with a yell practice and speaker, and then the	the	DET	senior	ADJ	 senior
The Salford of the 1970s was the setting for the BAFTA award winning East is East. Salford was featured in the second series of the Channel 4 programme The Secret Millionaire, screened in 2007. The folk song " Dirty Old Town ", written by native Ewan	Ewan	PROPN	MacColl	PROPN	 MacColl
" However, in contrast to public and media dissent, the NSPCC's director of communications, John Grounds, has praised the storyline for " helping to raise awareness of the hidden nature of sexual abuse ", deeming it to be " vital in persuading people to	to	PART	take	VERB	 take
The Sheffield Football Association was founded following the tournament. The 12 teams involved in the tournament were joined by Sheffield F.C. to become the founding members. The association adopted the Sheffield Rules without any changes. They were the first of several regional Football Associations that sprung up	up	ADP	over	ADP	 over
Rolling Stone said the song " merges a Joshua Tree style gospel feel with a hypnotically loping bass line and a syncopated beat ". The song makes prominent use of organ and piano. " Moment of Surrender " was well received by critics after the release of No	No	PRON	Line	NOUN	 Line
" The positive view towards Pedro II, and nostalgia for his reign, only grew as the nation quickly fell into a series of economic and political crises which Brazilians attributed to the Emperor's overthrow. He never ceased being a popular hero, and would gradually become	become	VERB	,	PUNCT	,
Describing the records, he said among them were two " very non commercial abstract, modular synthesis field recordings " which were completed in 2006, as well as Melodies from Mars, a collection of unreleased material from 1995 which James reworked in 2007. In April 2014	2014	NUM	Fact	PROPN	 Fact
The team rebounded with a 7 – 7 record in 1965, (mostly due to the acquisition of quarterback Earl Morrall during the offseason) before compiling a league worst 1 – 12 – 1 record and allowing over 500 points on defense in 1966. This season also	also	ADV	included	VERB	 included
Tri Sviatitelia had three dynamos with a total output of 305 kW, but these were too small and could not supply full power to all the electrical equipment simultaneously. Her main armament consisted of two pairs of 12 inch (305 mm) Obukhov Model 1895 40 calibre	calibre	NOUN	guns	NOUN	 guns
Byng inspected the Canadian Corps positions and noted that the Canadian troops were overlooked by German positions and under constant danger of enemy fire. He assigned 3rd Canadian Division commander, Major General Malcolm Mercer to draw up a plan to overrun the more dangerous German positions in a	a	DET	local	ADJ	 local
All executed members of the WiN took active part in anti Nazi resistance during World War II. The postwar Polish Army, intelligence and police were full of Soviet NKVD officers who stationed in Poland with the Northern Group of Forces until 1956. Mass arrests continued during the	the	DET	early	ADJ	 early
On January 5, 2010, the Recording Industry Association of America (RIAA) certified the single double platinum, denoting sales of two million copies. As of October 2012, " Halo " had sold 3,123,000 digital copies in the US. " Halo " debuted at	at	ADP	number	NOUN	 number
Modern historians do not accept this interpretation, while not exonerating Richard from responsibility for his own deposition. Most authorities agree that, even though his policies were not unprecedented or entirely unrealistic, the way in which he carried them out was unacceptable to the political establishment,	,	PUNCT	and	CCONJ	 and
Sometimes referred to as the Brady bill loophole, the Brady law loophole, the gun law loophole, or the private sale loophole, the term refers to laws allowing for legal sales and transfers of firearms, that are not regulated by the National Firearms Act, without	without	ADP	background	NOUN	 background
His fortune was inherited by his single son, Tomasz Zamoyski. Fame of Zamoyski, significance in life, endured after his death. He was praised by artists such as Szymon Starowolski and Julian Ursyn Niemcewicz, and historians, including Stanisław Staszic, Stanisław Tarnowski and Artur	Artur	PROPN	Śliwiński	PROPN	 Śliwiński
" Kael further noted that " The dance numbers are funny, amazing, and beautiful all at once; several of them are just about perfection. " A review of the DVD reissue noted, " Peters brought a cocky attitude and a sexy exuberance to the musical	musical	ADJ	numbers	NOUN	 numbers
Priya Elan of NME cited only " Freakum Dress " and " Ring the Alarm " as highlights and criticized that " too many tracks sound like updated versions of former glories ", with no song on par with " Crazy in Love ". In 2007, B	B	NOUN	'	PUNCT	 '
Whenever he has been asked, Kondo lists the Overworld themes from Super Mario Bros. and The Legend of Zelda as his favourite. Kondo had two specific goals for his music: " to convey an unambiguous sonic image of the game world ", and " to enhance	enhance	VERB	the	DET	 the
This, along with the disputed election to Winchester, was the cause of Neville's fall from favour. Although Henry deprived Neville of the custody of the Great Seal from 1238 until 1242, Neville retained the title of chancellor until his death, thus entitling him to	to	ADP	the	DET	 the
The album was stylistically diverse; Hamasaki included rock- and trip hop influenced tracks as well as " summery ", " up tempo " and " grand gothic " songs and experimented with new techniques such as gospel choruses and the yells of an audience. The lyrics were	were	AUX	also	ADV	 also
In addition to being a member of the governing body, the pastor is the assembly's leader and " vision carrier ". The governing body appoints pastors. Local assemblies are organized into geographical regions. Regional leadership forums are representative bodies consisting of pastors and delegates from	from	ADP	each	DET	 each
The 6th MGB Flotilla was based at HMS Beehive in Felixstowe from April 1941, where they were tasked to engage German E boats raiding east coast convoys. At this stage in the war MGBs were armed with a mixture of weapons, which could be Lewis machine guns	guns	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
This often makes it difficult to accurately assess depression among women in India in light of no admonition of depression. Gender plays a major role in postnatal depression among Indian women. Mothers are often blamed for the birth of a female child. Furthermore, women who already	already	ADV	have	VERB	 have
The player has access to a wide range of weapons, including handguns, rifles, submachine guns, a shotgun, rocket launchers, combat knives, grenade launchers, various explosives, and several extraterrestrial weapons. Further weapons are unlocked during the training activities in the hub	hub	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
" The fifth episode of Series 2 won the 9 p.m. slot with 5.4 million viewers and a 22% audience share, beating the BAFTA coverage on BBC One. The series has been compared to Doc Martin, another ITV series featuring a professional working in a rural	rural	ADJ	town	NOUN	 town
In late June the 3rd Division was reinforced by the US 162nd Regimental Combat Team, which staged an amphibious landing to the south of Salamaua. The town was eventually captured on 11 September 1943. In early September 1943 Australian led forces mounted a pincer movement to capture	capture	VERB	Lae	PROPN	 Lae
She compared the writing process to writing a diary; whenever she would experience something that she thought would be important, she would write it down for future reference. Milian felt that by writing down true experiences, her songs were like " captured emotion ". When	When	SCONJ	writing	VERB	 writing
After the territory was reorganized in 1809 and the Illinois Territory was split off, Vincennes was then on the far west edge of the Indiana Territory. Due to this, the legislature made plans to move the capital to be more centralized with the population. Madison,	,	PUNCT	Jeffersonville	PROPN	 Jeffersonville
Improvements were effected again in 1919 and 1963 through public support from Tamil Hindus from Colombo and Jaffna. The temple has become very popular amongst the Sinhalese and they make up over 78% of the pilgrims to both the Siva and Kali temples. The presiding deity Siva	Siva	PROPN	is	AUX	 is
Novoselic convinced Cobain to change the title due to fear that it could potentially result in a lawsuit. The band then considered using Verse Chorus Verse — a title taken from its song " Verse Chorus Verse ", and an earlier working title of " Sappy " —	—	PUNCT	before	ADP	 before
Having regained their Premier League status in the early 2000s, the club was purchased in 2008 by Abu Dhabi United Group and has become one of the wealthiest in the world. Since 2011 the club have won six major honours, including the Premier League in 2012 and	and	CCONJ	2014	NUM	 2014
The annual award, bestowed by the children's librarians division of the American Library Association, is given for " the most distinguished contribution to American literature for children ". Shiloh was a dark horse for the award. Ohio State University Professor Rudine Sims Bishop, a	a	DET	member	NOUN	 member
An editor writing in The Times of India found a theme of feminine assertiveness in " Cater 2 U "; he noted that " the women come off not so much as lovers as full service romantic servants ". J. Freedom du Lac, a staff writer of	of	ADP	The	DET	 The
The ground hosted the first Scottish Cup Final, in 1874, and a Scotland v England match in 1878. The club moved to the second Hampden Park, 150 yards from the original, because the Cathcart District Railway planned a new line through the site of the	the	DET	ground	NOUN	 ground
And sometimes when things go bad you do go like that, you stalk them on Facebook... " On 31 August 2012, Jesy Nelson told Jenn Selby of Glamour that Little Mix's third single will be completely different from their previous two, and that it will	will	AUX	show	VERB	 show
" With nothing but praise for Rioli, Clarkson also made mention of his achievements in 2008, " He's got a premiership medal now, but he's been in contention for mark of the year, goal of the year and the rising star and he's	's	AUX	been	AUX	 been
Its roots have been traced to the music of acts like Pantera, Biohazard and Machine Head, drawing on New York hardcore, thrash metal and punk, helping to inspire a move away from the nu metal of the early 2000s and a return to riffs and guitar	guitar	PROPN	solos	NOUN	 solos
However, later it was found that Rebellin had tested positive for Continuous erythropoietin receptor activator (CERA, a third generation form of erythropoietin) and his medal was removed by both the UCI and the IOC. Cancellara was subsequently promoted to second place, and the initial	initial	ADJ	fourth	ADJ	 fourth
She also serves on the board of directors of Woodmont Country Club. The Falks have two daughters, Daina, (born 1983) an honors graduate of Duke University and an accomplished Beverly Hills photographer, and Jocelyn (born 1988), a dean's list student	student	NOUN	majoring	VERB	 majoring
They performed comedy sketches throughout the morning, and often interacted with the people in the studio. Another comedy character who first appeared in the third series was Mr Blobby, who had previously appeared in Noel's House Party. Most regular features were dropped for the final	final	ADJ	series	NOUN	 series
The bulk of the construction occurred in 2006. Installation of the engines and other equipment occurred during the spring and early summer of 2006, which was followed by installation of the cables during the late summer and early fall. On October 29, 2006, the tram	tram	NOUN	's	PART	's
Napoli's league form had dropped lower, and relegation to Serie B came at the end of 1997 – 98 when they recorded only three wins all season. The club returned to Serie A after gaining promotion in the 1999 – 2000 season, though after a closely	closely	ADV	contested	VERB	 contested
He brought up the mark with an all run five, having turned a short ball from Lala Amarnath towards the square leg boundary. The innings in replacing Bradman was taken to be symbolism of the fact that Harvey had been tipped to become Australia's leading batsman.	.	PUNCT	His	PRON	 His
" Work on a screenplay started promptly, before Weisberger had even finished her work. When it became a bestseller upon publication, elements of the plot were incorporated into the screenplay in progress. Most took their inspiration from the 2000 Ben Stiller film Zoolander and primarily satirized	satirized	VERB	the	DET	 the
Small increases in incidence have been observed in subsequent vaccination campaigns, but not to the same extent. The 2009 flu pandemic vaccine (against pandemic swine flu virus H1N1 / PDM09) did not cause a significant increase in cases. It is considered that the benefits of	of	ADP	vaccination	NOUN	 vaccination
Æthelnoth's elevation probably was a gesture of appeasement, as Æthelnoth's brother Æthelweard had been executed in 1017 by Cnut, who also banished a brother in law named Æthelweard in 1020. A later story stated that Cnut favoured Æthelnoth because Æthelnoth had bestowed chrism on the	the	DET	king	NOUN	 king
Director of March Cars, 1969 79 Member of High Level Gp, CARS (Competitive Automotive Regulatory System for the 21st century) 21, 2005 09 Patron at eSafety Aware, 2006 2009 Member of the Board of Trustees, 2001 2014, Chairman of the Programmes Committee	Committee	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
The show was announced in March 2011, based on Hasbro's 2010 introduction of the Blythe Loves Littlest Pet Shop toy line. Margaret Loesch, then the CEO of the Hub Network — a network partly owned by Hasbro and Discovery Communications — commissioned the series. Given	Given	VERB	Hasbro	PROPN	 Hasbro
Alexander visited the newly acquired territories of West Thrace, and on 8 July 1920 the new name for the region's main town — Alexandroupoli (meaning " city of Alexander " in Greek) — was announced in the king's presence. The city's previous name	name	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
Battles do not generally appear on the field screen of the Net but are usually set as random encounters. The battlefield itself is made up of 18 tiles divided into two groups of nine, one group being space in which MegaMan. EXE may freely move and the	the	DET	other	ADJ	 other
In the lawest and thrid rank tehar is only the draught of ane floure, weil done, wpone aa rud ane stone. On the southe and northe sydes of the sam, quhar the croce is mor narrowe, ane prettie work efter the forme that browdinsters do	do	VERB	vse	NOUN	 vse
The British Crown obtained title over the island in accordance with legal principles governing the acquisition of territory at that time. This title was maintained by the United Kingdom and its lawful successor, the Republic of Singapore. Singapore claimed that it and its predecessor the United Kingdom	Kingdom	PROPN	had	AUX	 had
Meanwhile, the North Koreans still held strongly against the division left where the 27th Infantry had heavy fighting in trying to move forward. The North Koreans withdrew from the Masan area the night of September 18 – 19. The NK 7th Division withdrew from south of the	the	DET	Nam	PROPN	 Nam
It is played in the scene of Vesper Lynd recruiting Evelyn Tremble, seen through a man size aquarium in a seductive walk. " The Look of Love " was nominated for the Academy Award for Best Song. The song was a Top 10 radio hit at the	the	DET	KGB	PROPN	 KGB
Pacquette started his career with Queens Park Rangers and he made his first team debut towards the end of the 2000 – 01 season. He had loan spells with Stevenage Borough, Dagenham & Redbridge and Mansfield Town before being released in 2004, having made over 40 appearances	appearances	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
" In 2009, Lu visited China in July 2009 as part of an official delegation for the Obama administration, along with Locke and Chu. Although his parents were born there, it was the first time Lu had set foot on Chinese soil. Lu was introduced	introduced	VERB	to	ADP	 to
He attempted to garner support for his tolerationist policy by giving a speaking tour in the West of England in the summer of 1687. As part of this tour, he gave a speech at Chester where he said, " suppose... there should be a law made	made	VERB	that	SCONJ	 that
Hunt's carriage arrived at the meeting shortly after 1: 00 pm, and he made his way to the hustings. Alongside Hunt on the speakers ' stand were John Knight, a cotton manufacturer and reformer, Joseph Johnson, the organiser of the meeting, John	John	PROPN	Thacker	PROPN	 Thacker
On 7 April 1997, Wuryanto was convicted of destroying evidence for taking the blood, which Marisyem's lawyers speculated was used to frame Sumaji. Only a small percentage of the damages were awarded, after the court ruled that testimony from Udin's family – whom they	they	PRON	saw	VERB	 saw
Pores are up to 1 mm in diameter, angular, and the same color as the tubes. The stipe is 10 – 16 cm (3.9 – 6.3 in) long, and 1.5 – 3.5 cm (0.6 – 1.4 in) thick at the apex,	,	PUNCT	and	CCONJ	 and
During and after the Second World War, a variety of camouflage schemes were used for aircraft and for ground vehicles in different theatres of war. The use of radar since the mid 20th century has largely made camouflage for fixed wing military aircraft obsolete. Non military use	use	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
Hazlitt notes, however, that should anyone think Macbeth's character is so composed of contradictory extremes as to be implausible, it is, rather, the circumstances and the passions in conflict that provide the extremes, while Macbeth's character retains a strong underlying unity throughout	throughout	ADV	.	PUNCT	.
In the opening game of the fourth round, Torres scored the game winner against the Boston Bruins with 19 seconds remaining in regulation. The Canucks eventually lost the series in seven games. On July 1, 2011, Torres signed a two year contract worth $3.5	3.5	NUM	million	NUM	 million
He was discharged from the army in October 1919, retaining his rank of major. Shackleton returned to the lecture circuit and published his own account of the Endurance expedition, South, in December 1919. In 1920, tired of the lecture circuit, Shackleton began to	to	PART	consider	VERB	 consider
When it comes to the chorus, a second Morissette comes in. She is in a green sweater and sits in the backseat on the passenger side. When the first chorus ends, a third Morissette comes in, and she is in a yellow sweater with braided	braided	VERB	hair	NOUN	 hair
The find was announced to Napoleon's newly founded scientific association in Cairo, the Institut d'Égypte, in a report by Commission member Michel Ange Lancret noting that it contained three inscriptions, the first in hieroglyphs and the third in Greek, and rightly suggesting that the three	three	NUM	inscriptions	NOUN	 inscriptions
Caxias met and befriended Marques de Sousa, who had served under his command in the War of the Ragamuffins, during his trip to Rio Grande do Sul in 1839. The Brazilian division, led by Marques de Sousa, along with Uruguayan and Argentine rebel troops,	,	PUNCT	invaded	VERB	 invaded
As the ships are built from only conventional materials, Apollo has been assigned to destroy them in a preemptive strike, using the new " Horizon " weapons delivery system. Apollo successfully carries out the mission over the objections of Weir (Torri Higginson), who feels	feels	VERB	her	PRON	 her
After the defeat and execution of the king of Copán in 738, the sculptural style of Quiriguá closely resembled that of its former overlord. The enormous stelae at Quirigá originally would have been visible from the Motagua River, which once flowed past the west side of the	the	DET	Great	PROPN	 Great
There has been numerous debates as to the nature of Van Gogh's illness and its effect on his work. Over 150 psychiatrists have attempted to label its root, with 30 different diagnoses. These have included schizophrenia, bipolar disorder, syphilis, poisoning from swallowed paints	paints	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
It received positive reviews from contemporary music critics. Yankovic chose not to release a lead single and instead publicized the album by launching eight music videos online during the first week of the album release through different video content portals. Among these, " Word Crimes " became	became	VERB	Yankovic	PROPN	 Yankovic
So it's sort of this psychological chess game. " This version of the character was also used in the first issue of the tie in comic Beware the Batman No.1, " Law and (Dis) Order ". On May 20, 2013, Computer and	and	CCONJ	Video	PROPN	 Video
She encountered Vaan, who was arrested along with Balthier and Fran. This encounter forced her into a series of events, when she was kidnapped by Bangaa headhunter Ba ' gamnan and held as hostage in exchange for Balthier. When she managed to escape, she met	met	VERB	with	ADP	 with
Ken Davitian as Azamat Bagatov, the producer of Borat's documentary. Azamat was a new character created for the film. Luenell as Luenell the prostitute; first seen when Borat calls her to come to the Southern dinner, the climax of his effective destruction of the	the	DET	event	NOUN	 event
The songs are about: " being in a relationship while you're on the road, and the different hardships that come with that. " Unlike the band's EP, the album was " more put together " and " more organized ", according to Garcia	Garcia	PROPN	.	PUNCT	.
Later that day, the disturbance was classified as Tropical Depression Three C about 850 mi (1,370 km) south southeast of Honolulu. Initially poorly organized, it moved to the north and steadily intensified, becoming Tropical Storm Huko early on October 26 while turning northwestward.	.	PUNCT	Late	ADV	 Late
At the 1990 awards, they were for Best Off Prime Time Family Series and Best Young Actor in an Off Primetime Family Series for Wil Wheaton. However, it did not win in either categories. In the following table, episodes are listed by the order in	in	ADP	which	PRON	 which
Bellingham was again elected governor in 1654, and again in May 1665 after the death of Governor John Endecott. He was thereafter annually re elected to the post until his death, ultimately serving a total of ten years as governor and thirteen as deputy governor. While	While	SCONJ	he	PRON	 he
Destroyers Csepel and Balaton were sent to simultaneously attack Italian transports shuttling between Italy and Valona, and sank an Italian destroyer and a munitions ship. U 27, which was assigned to patrol between Brindisi and Cattaro, was a part of a force of three U boats	boats	NOUN	intended	VERB	 intended
Footage of her driving into Bakersfield to trade her car is also shown. They also provided the location shots for the scene in which she is discovered sleeping in her car by the highway patrolman. In one street scene shot in downtown Phoenix, Christmas decorations were discovered	discovered	VERB	to	PART	 to
The handball court, in homage to the architect's former math teacher, sports a roof with curvature that traces the trajectory of a thrown handball. In 2015 Ingels began working on a new headquarters for Google in Mountain View, California with Thomas Heatherwick, the British	British	ADJ	designer	NOUN	 designer
It was not generally known as Eta Carinae until 1879, when the stars of Argo Navis were finally given the epithets of the daughter constellations in the Uranometria Argentina of Gould. Eta Carinae is too far south to be part of the mansion based traditional Chinese astronomy,	,	PUNCT	but	CCONJ	 but
The metric system was originally conceived as a system of measurement that was derivable from nature. When the metric system was first introduced in France in 1799 technical problems necessitated the use of artifacts such as the prototype metre and kilogram. In 1960 the metre was redefined in	in	ADP	terms	NOUN	 terms
Ficus obliqua is pollinated by two species of fig wasp — Pleistodontes greenwoodi and P. xanthocephalus. Female and male flowers in each syconium mature at different times. Female wasps enter the syconium and lay eggs in the female flowers as they mature. These eggs later hatch and	and	CCONJ	the	DET	 the
His attempts to raise an army for Scotland collapsed and the earls suspended the collection of the new taxes. The King and parliament met again in February 1310, and the proposed discussions of Scottish policy were replaced by debate of domestic problems. Edward was petitioned to abandon	abandon	VERB	Gaveston	PROPN	 Gaveston
Some wrap it around the upper arm for less than a full revolution (the bare minimum to keep the knot tight) and then wrap it around the forearm seven times, while others wrap it around the upper arm an addition time before wrapping it around the forearm	forearm	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
But Star continued to struggle financially because of high maintenance costs for its wooden planes. In 1937, McGee came back to the airline and opened a liquor store, and the airline began flying liquor to remote Alaskan communities. That year, Star Air Service purchased Alaska	Alaska	PROPN	Interior	PROPN	 Interior
This was raised again in 1894 to thirteen. As part of the focus on higher education, Georgetown Preparatory School relocated from campus in 1919 to nearby North Bethesda, Maryland, and fully separated from the University in 1927. Georgetown Visitation Preparatory School has remained attached to	to	ADP	the	DET	 the
According to one New Mexico paper, " Johnson left the state fiscally solid ", and was " arguably the most popular governor of the decade … leaving the state with a $1 billion budget surplus. " The Washington Times reported that when Johnson left office,	,	PUNCT	"	PUNCT	 "
Some pygmy sundews, such as D. lasiantha and D. scorpioides, also form adventitious roots as supports. D. intermedia and D. rotundifolia have been reported to form arbuscular mycorrhizae, which penetrate the plant's tissues. The unrooted cladogram to the right shows the relationship between various	various	ADJ	subgenera	NOUN	 subgenera
However, Hagen notes that instead of beginning Caged Bird chronologically, with Maya and Bailey's arrival in Stamps, Angelou begins the book much later chronologically by recounting an embarrassing experience at church, an incident that demonstrates Maya's diminished sense of self, insecurity, and	and	CCONJ	lack	NOUN	 lack
" Drinkwater was again referred to (though not by name) in Chabon's 1995 novel Wonder Boys, in which narrator Grady Tripp explains that his sportswriter friend Happy Blackmore was hired " to ghost the autobiography of a catcher, a rising star who played for Pittsburgh	Pittsburgh	PROPN	and	CCONJ	 and
At WrestleMania XXIV, Michaels defeated Flair in a retirement match, a stipulation that only applied to Flair. As a result, Flair retired from professional wrestling. Jericho and Goldberg continued to feud over several weeks before being announced as participants in the Elimination Chamber match,	,	PUNCT	in	ADP	 in
Two hurricane models predicted for the storm to intensify to major hurricane status over the western Caribbean. The official forecast was for the storm to make landfall on Belize with winds of 90 mph (150 km / h). As Richard continued generally southward early on October	October	PROPN	22	NUM	 22
Under this system, this class would have had the prefix " C " before the numbers, such as C30. In the event, this form of numbering was granted to Bulleid's Q1 Class locomotives of 1942. Early livery included the temporary retention of the Southern	Southern	ADJ	number	NOUN	 number
Earlier, Narayan had sent the manuscript of Swami and Friends to a friend at Oxford, and about this time, the friend showed the manuscript to Graham Greene. Greene recommended the book to his publisher, and it was finally published in 1935. Greene also counseled	counseled	VERB	Narayan	PROPN	 Narayan
The King of Scotland and local Welsh rulers had taken advantage of the long civil war in England to seize disputed lands; Henry set about reversing this trend. In 1157 pressure from Henry resulted in the young King Malcolm of Scotland returning the lands in the north of	of	ADP	England	PROPN	 England
The ordering in a liquid crystal might extend along only one dimension, with the material being essentially disordered in the other two directions. Thermotropic phases are those that occur in a certain temperature range. If the temperature rise is too high, thermal motion will destroy the	the	DET	delicate	ADJ	 delicate
It is the third game in the series. On February 11, 2016, Microsoft added Trials HD as part of its backwards compatibility program for Xbox One. The game was well received by critics, averaging 86.1% at GameRankings and 86 / 100 at Metacritic,	,	PUNCT	two	NUM	 two
In 1804, after the American acquisition, Don Ramón had been appointed to the position of consul general for Spain in the Territory of Orleans. Also, in 1804, Delphine and Ramón Lopez traveled to Spain. Accounts of the trip vary. Grace King wrote in	in	ADP	1921	NUM	 1921
" Road to Europe " is the second episode of the " Road to... " hallmarks of the series, which have aired throughout various seasons of the show, and is the second " Road to... " episode to be directed by Povenmire. The episodes are	are	AUX	a	DET	 a
By 1844, preference had been expressed for Romania Outer Island, or Peak Rock. Some time in November 1844, the Governor of the Straits Settlements, William John Butterworth, wrote to the Sultan and the Temenggung of Johor regarding the matter. His letters have not	not	PART	been	AUX	 been
As the negotiations continued into 1996, a panel appointed by Houston mayor Bob Lanier reported that building a new arena was " essential to keep pro sports in Houston ". After Watson rejected a contract buyout proposal of $30 million, the Rockets filed a legal challenge	challenge	NOUN	against	ADP	 against
During this time, French physician Samuel de Sorbière and English contemporary Samuel Pepys were among visitors. Alumni of the period included James Alban Gibbes, George Clarke and Elias Ashmole, although only Petty formed part of the emerging mathematics and sciences. Upon William and Mary's	's	PART	rise	NOUN	 rise
They held a maximum advantage of 15 minutes, but were never really seen as a threat, and in fact neither went on to finish the race. With no single team willing to force the pace, a 26 man breakaway formed at the 60 km (37	37	NUM	mi	NUM	 mi
The French national counsel, Roger Errera, suggested Goldstone, commenting that " if he is Jewish, that goes down well. Everyone suspects everyone in the former Yugoslavia. So it's better that he is neither Catholic, nor Orthodox, nor Muslim. " Goldstone	Goldstone	PROPN	was	AUX	 was
George W. Whitman, brother of the poet Walt Whitman and a member of the regiment, was notified by Shepard of a promotion; Shepard may have influenced his subsequent promotion to major in 1865. In addition, Shepard was involved in correspondence with Walt Whitman. Shepard	Shepard	PROPN	was	AUX	 was
On March 4, 1776, troops from the Continental Army under George Washington's command occupied Dorchester Heights, a series of low hills with a commanding view of Boston and its harbor, and mounted powerful cannons there. General William Howe, commander of the British forces	forces	NOUN	occupying	VERB	 occupying
These provided 31,300 shp (23,340 kW) horsepower, some 6,000 shp (4,474 kW) greater than her original engines. The Delaware class ships were armed with ten 12 inch / 45 caliber Mark 5 guns in five twin gun turrets; this was an addition of	of	ADP	two	NUM	 two
Sedatives or anesthetics such as barbiturates can be given intravenously, or inhalant anesthetics may be used. Amphibians and fish may be immersed in water containing an anesthetic such as tricaine. Physical methods are also used, with or without sedation or anesthesia depending on the method.	.	PUNCT	Recommended	VERB	 Recommended
Giles, for whom Great Moments was her first feature film, believes that it was the success of Oranges which lead the British Broadcasting Corporation (BBC) to approve the film so easily. The screenplay is inspired by the emigration story of the mother of actress Vicky	Vicky	PROPN	Licorish	PROPN	 Licorish
The route follows Idaho Road northward through a residential area with four lanes. Following a junction with Old West Highway, SR 88 turns northeast onto Apache Trail and narrows to two lanes. The route exits the city limits of Apache Junction, entering desert terrain. Passing	Passing	VERB	a	DET	 a
These were accompanied by two privately owned skiffs, one belonging to the boatswain John Gathrey, and the other to Banks. The ship was also equipped with a set of 28 ft (8.5 m) sweeps to allow her to be rowed forward if becalmed or demasted	demasted	VERB	.	PUNCT	.
On August 7, 2015, it was announced that Sulli had officially withdrawn from the group to focus on her acting career, and f (x) would continue to promote as a four member group. f (x) was announced to be working on its	its	PRON	then	ADV	 then
As a result of delays to the F 35 program, the Australian Government is considering buying additional F / A 18F Super Hornets or further extending the life of the " classic " F / A 18s. Writing in 2011, Australian Strategic Policy Institute analyst Andrew Davies	Davies	PROPN	recommended	VERB	 recommended
Coulsdon, UK: IHS Global. ISBN 978 0 7106 2959 3. Sedra, Mark; et al. (2010). " Security Sector Reform Monitor: Timor Leste No. 1 " (PDF). Centre for International Governance Innovation. Retrieved 3 August	August	PROPN	2012	NUM	 2012
Under this provision, a federal court may certify a non covered jurisdiction to receive federal observers if the court determines that the jurisdiction violated the voting rights guaranteed by the Fourteenth or Fifteenth Amendments. Jurisdictions certified to receive federal observers under Section 3 (a) are not	not	PART	subject	ADJ	 subject
" Judaism in Music " (1850) was the first of Wagner's writings to feature antisemitic views. In this polemic Wagner argued, frequently using traditional antisemitic abuse, that Jews had no connection to the German spirit, and were thus capable of producing only shallow	shallow	ADJ	and	CCONJ	 and
The Marcel Bezençon Awards were first handed out during the Eurovision Song Contest 2002 in Tallinn, Estonia, honouring the best competing songs in the final. Founded by Christer Björkman (Sweden's representative in the 1992 Eurovision Song Contest and the current Head of Delegation for Sweden	Sweden	PROPN	)	PUNCT	)
She is portrayed by British actress Laila Rouass. Maya is introduced in the ninth series of the programme as the first love and former girlfriend of John Bateman (who changed his name to Lucas North) fifteen years before the events of the series. Rouass ' involvement	involvement	NOUN	in	ADP	 in
Reyes tries to remind him that it does not matter as long as the case is solved. " Underneath " was written and directed by executive producer John Shiban. This marked his directorial debut. According to Shiban, part of the inspiration for the episode was that	that	SCONJ	the	DET	 the
John Ehrlichman, a long time friend of Haldeman, who had also served as White House Counsel, had been part of the operation's inception; at this time he was Nixon's domestic affairs assistant. Ehrlichman was the one who had initially hired Caulfield in 1969	1969	NUM	;	PUNCT	;
Due to a variety of reasons, within weeks the major powers of Europe — divided into two alliances known as the Central Powers and the Triple Entente — were at war. As the conflict progressed, additional countries from around the globe were drawn into the conflict on	on	ADP	both	DET	 both
This provided him with a key strategic military depot and forward base to harbour his ships (de Crespigny 1990: 246,250,255). When Jing Province fell, Liu Bei quickly fled south, accompanied by a refugee population of civilians and soldiers. This disorganised exodus was pursued	pursued	VERB	by	ADP	 by
1210s / 1220s – 1275 or 1276 / 1277) was a prominent 13th century Bulgarian noble (bolyarin) of princely Russian origin. Bestowed the title of despot, Jacob Svetoslav was the ruler of a widely autonomous domain of the Second Bulgarian Empire most likely located around	around	ADP	Sofia	PROPN	 Sofia
In space, the enemy is a supercomputer known as HAL who runs the spaceship, a character which novelist Clancy Sigal described as being " far, far more human, more humorous and conceivably decent than anything else that may emerge from this far seeing enterprise ".	.	PUNCT	Kubrick	PROPN	 Kubrick
The torment does not subside, and he comes to reject the Catholic Church in defiance as the source of it. The work combines a wide variety of visual and narrative techniques in a style that echoes the torment of its protagonist. Binky Brown had an immediate influence	influence	NOUN	on	ADP	 on
Following the scorched earth tactics of retreating Wehrmacht troops, large areas in Northern Norway needed to be rebuilt. In 1945, there was an overwhelming need for housing. An architectural competition produced several designs for simple, cost effective, and rapidly assembled housing. The resulting	resulting	VERB	houses	NOUN	 houses
On 8 February 2011, the Kyrgyzstani Supreme Court agreed to hear new evidence in Askarov's case; however, his hearing was suspended. On 11 April 2011, his appeal hearing was postponed for the second time. On 20 December 2011, the Kyrgyzstani Supreme Court	Court	PROPN	upheld	VERB	 upheld
The SL79 operate on the Briskeby, Ekeberg, Frogner, Gamleby, Grünerløkka – Torshov, Kjelsås and Vika Lines. Each service has a ten minute headway, giving a five minute interval on section that are served by two lines. The SL79 is an articulated tram	tram	NOUN	built	VERB	 built
In this antenna the feed is connected to an intermediate point along the length of the antenna instead of to the base. The base is connected to ground. The advantage of doing this is that the input impedance of the antenna is dependent on the distance of the	the	DET	feed	NOUN	 feed
The other Norwegian station, Tor, was established for researching birds at the breeding colony in Svarthamaren Mountain. Activities conducted by Russia's Novolazarevskaya Station include environmental monitoring, geodesy / mapping, geomagnetic and meteorological observations, glaciology, biology, ionospheric / auroral observations, limnology	limnology	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
On the reverse, in the center of the cross was a golden representation in relief of the imperial orb and cross (i.e., the heraldic symbol of the Prince Elector as the Arch Steward of the Holy Roman Empire) against a red enamel background and surrounded with	with	ADP	a	DET	 a
Nolan felt using make up would look unrealistic, as it adds to the face, unlike real burn victims. Framestore acknowledged they rearranged the positions of bones, muscles and joints to make the character look more dramatic. For each shot, three 720 pixel HD cameras	cameras	NOUN	were	AUX	 were
I never thought about packing it in. " At the end of the season, Gunn won Norwich's Player of the Year award, as the club finished third in the Premiership, its highest ever league position. Following Francesca's death, Gunn established " Bryan	Bryan	PROPN	Gunn	PROPN	 Gunn
Major Malayalam periodicals include Mathrubhumi, India Today Malayalam, Madhyamam Weekly, Grihalakshmi, Vanitha, Dhanam, Chithrabhumi, and Bhashaposhini. The Hindu is the most read English language newspaper in the state, followed by The New Indian Express. Other dailies include Deccan Chronicle,	,	PUNCT	The	DET	 The
Peel began playing for Yorkshire in 1883 but, after a successful debut, was overshadowed in the team by Edmund Peate and often played only a minor role with the ball. Improvements in his batting and his excellence as a fielder kept him in the team and when	when	SCONJ	Peate	PROPN	 Peate
Instead they told him that she was to be indentured as a servant at Richard Lovell Edgeworth's country house in Berkshire, waiving the £4 fee they would have received for the apprenticeship. In line with the orphanage's requirements that responsibility would be held by a	a	DET	married	ADJ	 married
They are typically two spored, although rarely three- or four spored forms have been found. Although the two spored basidia are a defining characteristic of the species, there is evidence of a tendency to shift towards producing four spored basidia as the fruiting season progresses. The	The	DET	volva	NOUN	 volva
Due to limited screen availability (about 1,000), Balaji Motion Pictures negotiated with the producers of Chennai Express to release 1,000 more screens for a total of 2,700. Despite the low number of screens, the film netted ₹ 90 million (US $1.3 million)	)	PUNCT	on	ADP	 on
In China and Mongolia, wolves are only protected in reserves. Mongolian populations have been estimated at 10,000 – 30,000, while the status of wolves in China is more fragmentary. The north has a declining population of an estimated 400 wolves, while Xinjiang and Tibet hold	hold	VERB	about	ADV	 about
The 17th place finalist in the second qualifying heat, Iraq's Haidar Nasser Shaheed, threw 1.08 meters further, with heat leader Rutger Smith of the Netherlands throwing the discus 12.54 meters further than Matthias. Overall, out of 37 athletes, Matthias placed last, and	and	CCONJ	did	AUX	 did
There's a lot of people around Oxford who are real spliffheads and that, who go and lie down in Port Meadow, but I'm not really sure about them. I'm not really sure that they're individuals: they're part of a much larger	larger	ADJ	thing	NOUN	 thing
Soon after his election, he won approval for a three percent sales tax to pay a bonus to military veterans, although he could have funded the bonuses with a one percent tax. He had asked for the larger tax in order to fund his other priorities.	.	PUNCT	As	ADP	 As
Baseless rumors of questionable business dealings also circulated, such as one which portrayed him as a Rio de Janeiro slum lord. The prospect of the Count becoming consort detracted from the prospect of Isabel becoming Empress. The couple offered " to Brazilians no alternative center of loyalty	loyalty	NOUN	or	CCONJ	 or
He left Vancouver as the franchise's all time leader in goals and points with 346 and 756, respectively. His departure also ended his eight year tenure as team captain, matching Stan Smyl's captaincy as the longest in franchise history. General manager Mike Gillis,	,	PUNCT	who	PRON	 who
On August 22, Watkins met individually with Lay and gave him a six page letter further explaining Enron's accounting issues. Lay questioned her as to whether she had told anyone outside of the company and then vowed to have the company's law firm, Vinson &	&	CCONJ	Elkins	PROPN	 Elkins
The match, held at United's home ground Old Trafford, was goalless until the 80th minute when midfielder David Beckham scored from a penalty. They extended their lead in the 90th minute when Kieran Richardson scored to win the match 2 – 0. United were drawn	drawn	VERB	against	ADP	 against
The eventual premiere of the show on CBS was on February 17, 2008, and was watched by 8.1 million viewers. The pilot commences with Dexter driving through Miami, summarizing, in a monologue, that something is to occur on that night. After a choir	choir	NOUN	performance	NOUN	 performance
The rest of the first wave was jumbled up. Major P.H. Pike found his A Company of the 2 / 17th mixed up with Captain Paul Deschamps ' B Company of the 2 / 13th. Since the latter had further to travel, and there was no Japanese	Japanese	ADJ	opposition	NOUN	 opposition
Charley destroyed 40 houses and damaged 2,231, 231 severely, including 221 damaged beach homes in Sunset Beach. Damage was the greatest in Brunswick County, where wind gusts peaked at 85 mph (137 km / h). Crop damage was also heavy in Brunswick County	County	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
The doctors treating him were confident that he stood some chance of recovery, but were doubtful that he would ever be able to play football again. Doctors had an artificial kidney rushed to the hospital for him, but the artificial organ reduced his blood's ability to	to	PART	clot	VERB	 clot
On February 4, Fox Sports Net's The Best Damn Sports Show Period held a special episode named " The Best Darn Super Bowl Road Show Period ". During the broadcast, TNA wrestlers DDP, Kevin Nash, Monty Brown, and Jarrett were involved in a	a	DET	segment	NOUN	 segment
Ip Man's eldest son, Ip Chun, would have preferred the film to be shot on location in Foshan and noted the mansion being more grand than the original. Ip Man grossed ¥ 14,948,157 (US $2,188,982) on its opening weekend in China. The	The	DET	film	NOUN	 film
Let's go far left and just see what happens. " His answer motivated the collective, and they ended up producing ten songs for the album. " What Goes Around... /... Comes Around " is a pop R & B song performed in a slow	slow	ADJ	manner	NOUN	 manner
She also demonstrates how Burke embodies the worst of his own ideas. He becomes the hysterical, illogical, feminine writer, and Wollstonecraft becomes the rational, masculine writer. Ironically, in order to effect this transposition, Wollstonecraft herself becomes passionate at times, for example	example	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
The solution included the " Phase 2 " wing, featuring a kinked and drooped leading edge and vortex generators on the upper surface, first tested on 707A WD480. An auto mach trimmer introduced a nose up attitude when at high speeds, the control column had to	to	PART	be	AUX	 be
The detection of this orbiting planetary object, Epsilon Eridani b, was announced by Bruce Campbell, Gordon Walker and Stephenson Yang in 1987. A preliminary orbit was published in 2000 by a team of astronomers led by Artie Hatzes, based on six independent data sets with	with	ADP	four	NUM	 four
The Indiana Supreme Court ruled in favor of the state in late 2007. The petitioners appealed the bill to the United States Court of Appeals for the Seventh Circuit, and that body upheld the State Supreme Court decision in the case of Crawford v. Marion County Election Board	Board	PROPN	.	PUNCT	.
Scottish victories in the late thirteenth and early fourteenth centuries have been seen as part of a wider " infantry revolution ", that saw a decline in the primacy of the mounted knight on the battlefield. However, it has been pointed out that Scottish medieval armies had	had	AUX	probably	ADV	 probably
Krichell realised Ford had a strong arm, and recommended he tried pitching. Developing an effective fast curveball, Ford helped his team win the New York City sandlot ball championship, and was signed by Krichell for $7,000 in 1947 ($70,000 in 2010).	.	PUNCT	Ford	PROPN	 Ford
If no claimants to the property existed, the state took possession of these properties as Dharmadeya (charitable asset). Intercaste marriage, child marriage, marriage of a boy to maternal uncles daughter, Svayamvara marriage (where the bride garlands her choice of a groom from	from	ADP	among	ADP	 among
The version of " My Bologna " is the Capitol Records single version, which only featured the accordion and Yankovic's voice. Early pressings of the album included the incorrect version of " My Bologna ", but this was later rectified in subsequent pressings. The version	version	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
An image of a fake flavor of Ron Swanson themed Ben & Jerry's ice cream, called " All of the Bacon & Eggs You Have, " was designed and circulated on the Internet. The Ben & Jerry's corporation responded positively to the image, and	and	CCONJ	said	VERB	 said
The review in The Washington Post declared, " He may perplex, irritate, and disappoint, but Dylan has to rank as the single greatest artist modern American pop music has produced. " Criticism of the 1975 official release of The Basement Tapes has centered on two	two	NUM	issues	NOUN	 issues
Operational conversion of new pilots then became the responsibility of front line squadrons. This practice disrupted the squadrons ' normal duties, and the advent of the Korean War and the introduction of jet aircraft further necessitated a more formal system of operational training. According to Dick Cresswell	Cresswell	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
Here, US 13 / DE 9 continue north northeast on four lane undivided South Heald Street, coming to an intersection with the northern terminus of DE 9A. Following this, the road becomes East 4th Street and heads north northwest across the Christina River on a drawbridge.	.	PUNCT	US	PROPN	 US
A number of college members have rowed for the university against Cambridge University in the Boat Race and the Women's Boat Race. Barney Williams, a Canadian rower who studied at the college, won a silver medal in rowing at the 2004 Summer Olympics, and participated	participated	VERB	in	ADP	 in
Hendrix was scheduled to perform in Rotterdam on September 13, but the show, along with three others, was cancelled due to Cox's incapacitation. During the evening of September 13, Nefer visited Hendrix at the Cumberland. After informing him that she would have to	to	PART	go	VERB	 go
They played a piece composed by participants from all six musical ensembles. Among the well known musicians who have been RPO principals in the mid 1950s and later, string players include Steven Staryk (leader, 1957 – 59), Raymond Cohen (leader, 1959 –	–	PUNCT	66	NUM	 66
In between the two is 50 Kennedy Plaza. The Textron Tower is also a core building to the modest Providence skyline. Downtown is also the home of the Providence Biltmore and Westminster Arcade, the oldest enclosed shopping mall in the U.S., built in 1828. The	The	DET	city	NOUN	 city
A separation was granted with Gonne having custody of the baby and John having visiting rights. Yeats's friendship with Gonne persisted, and, in Paris, in 1908, they finally consummated their relationship. " The long years of fidelity rewarded at last " was how	how	SCONJ	another	PRON	 another
Watson continued her involvement in fashion advertising when she announced she had been chosen as the face of Lancôme in March 2011. In September 2009, Watson announced her involvement with People Tree, a Fair Trade fashion brand. Watson worked as a creative advisor for People Tree	Tree	PROPN	to	PART	 to
Despite being incorporated by the assembly, the academies were not public and were instead funded through tuition fees, which were generally low but prevented a larger number of students from attending them. By 1860, the Virginia General Assembly had incorporated 250 of these academies, including	including	VERB	Romney	PROPN	 Romney
In an interview with Vanity Fair, she was critical of a variety of political topics, including Republican politicians like Sarah Palin and Jan Brewer. She has commented that she did not understand why anyone would be a Republican because eight years under the administration of George W.	W.	PROPN	Bush	PROPN	 Bush
And their main job was to keep my hands held down so I wouldn't cut my throat. " During its theatrical release, Night of the Blood Beast was a double feature co billed with She Gods of Shark Reef. John L. Flynn, a Towson University	University	PROPN	English	PROPN	 English
Slated to sail into the Ionian Sea, U 21 instead had to turn back the following day when the main hatch seal on the conning tower leaked and could not be repaired. After her 18 October return to Cattaro, she sailed for Pola, arriving on 24	24	NUM	October	PROPN	 October
Its title character is a large headed, childlike children's clown who undergoes one horrifying affliction after another. The story in is a dark, humorous mix of genres and features scatological humour, sex, body horror, extreme graphic violence, and blasphemous religious imagery.	.	PUNCT	Central	ADJ	 Central
Donnelly also finds a newspaper clipping with a man named Hal Moffet and two of his friends, Clifford Scott (Tom Neal) and Virginia Rogers (Jan Wiley), during their college days. The police visit Clifford and Virginia, who are now married and wealthy	wealthy	ADJ	.	PUNCT	.
Aaron Archer, Senior Design Director for Hasbro, stated of the Cybertron based setting " that's a really cool place [...] and the early days of that civil war between the Autobots and Decepticons was a story that hadn't really been fleshed out in any	any	DET	format	NOUN	 format
Research by a team of international scientists in 2006 revealed that the Santorini event was much larger than the original estimate of 39 km3 (9.4 cu mi) of Dense Rock Equivalent (DRE), or total volume of material erupted from the volcano, that was published	published	VERB	in	ADP	 in
They had two children, born in Wilno: Andrzej (16 January 1932) and Zofia (14 March 1933). In 1938, he received the Silver Cross of Merit for his involvement in the community and social work. Shortly before the outbreak of World War	War	PROPN	II	PROPN	 II
The issue was finally resolved when the leagues made peace through the National Agreement in September 1903 (which also brought the formation of the World Series). To begin the 1903 season, the club changed its name from the Bronchos to the Naps in honor of Lajoie	Lajoie	PROPN	after	SCONJ	 after
There was no single piece of evidence that pointed to Gordon indisputably, but the prosecution argued that when the evidence was placed together, it could only point at Park, and not a " mysterious stranger or secret lover ". Primarily, the case for the prosecution	prosecution	NOUN	rested	VERB	 rested
Hessian troops under the command of Wilhelm von Knyphausen would attack the fort from the north, Percy was to lead a brigade of Hessians and several British battalions from the south, and Lord Cornwallis with the 33rd Regiment of Foot and General Edward Mathew with the light infantry	infantry	NOUN	were	AUX	 were
Since urbanization began in the 1960s, sudden high and sediment lacking flows of polluted water began to destroy the native riparian vegetation once found along much of the creek. Exotic plants, including tobacco tree, castor bean, pampas grass, periwinkle, and Artichoke thistle,	,	PUNCT	but	CCONJ	 but
The storm injured 27 people in Okinawa, three seriously. Two buildings were damaged. Agricultural damage across Okinawa reached ¥ 524 million (US $4.2 million), most of which was sustained by the mango crop. Passing north of Taiwan, the threat of Chan	Chan	PROPN	hom	NOUN	 hom
Psilocybin is about 100 times less potent than LSD on a weight per weight basis, and the physiological effects last about half as long. Psilocybin (O phosphoryl 4 hydroxy N, N dimethyltryptamine or 4 PO DMT) is a prodrug that is converted into the pharmacologically	pharmacologically	ADV	active	ADJ	 active
Cabell then scored on a César Cedeño ground out to make the game 2 – 0. Art Howe singled to advance Cruz to third, but Dodgers ' starting pitcher Dave Goltz escaped the inning without further scoring. The Astros ' Joe Niekro retired the Dodgers in order	order	NOUN	in	ADP	 in
Under the Molotov – Ribbentrop Pact of August 1939, Germany and the Soviet Union partitioned and annexed territories of their European neighbours, Poland, Finland, Romania and the Baltic states. The war continued primarily between the European Axis powers and the coalition of the United Kingdom	Kingdom	PROPN	and	CCONJ	 and
Owen, however, voiced his dissatisfaction with what he viewed as Nicolls's harsh rule on the island, and Beecroft increased his influence in the area. Nicolls, in turn, attacked Beecroft for his dealings with former slavers. Nicolls's health suffered in Fernando Po	Po	PROPN	and	CCONJ	 and
' s earlier work, optimal control theory was used more extensively in economics in addressing dynamic problems, especially as to economic growth equilibrium and stability of economic systems, of which a textbook example is optimal consumption and saving. A crucial distinction is between deterministic and stochastic	stochastic	ADJ	control	NOUN	 control
Draft analyst Mel Kiper, Jr. rated Mitchell as the 16th best prospect in the draft following the NFL Scouting Combine in which he ran a 4.4 second 40 yard dash, and called him a player on the rise. Kiper also rated him as the fifth best wide	wide	ADJ	receiver	NOUN	 receiver
When the prostitute gets a customer, he kills the customer with a razor to prove he is not a homosexual. In interviews, Dee Dee described the piece as autobiographical. " The song speaks for itself, " Dee Dee commented in an interview. " Everything	Everything	PRON	I	PRON	 I
Stromer claimed that the specimen was from the early Cenomanian, approximately 97 million years ago. This specimen was destroyed in World War II, specifically " during the night of 24 / 25 April 1944 in a British bombing raid of Munich " that severely damaged the building	building	NOUN	housing	NOUN	 housing
On 31 October, the German Army high command ordered a halt to all offensive operations until increasingly severe logistical problems were resolved and the rasputitsa subsided. By late October, the German forces were worn out, with only ⅓ of their motor vehicles still functioning, infantry	infantry	NOUN	divisions	NOUN	 divisions
When the British aircraft carriers Victorious and Furious attacked Petsamo and Kirkenes on 29 July, the destroyers were far to the east and could not catch the British ships before they left the area. The German destroyers made one final sortie into the Kola Inlet where they sank	sank	VERB	one	NUM	 one
The film stars Mira Sorvino and Lisa Kudrow as two friends determined to show their former high school tormentors at their 10 year reunion that they have led successful lives. Mirkin said of the film: " These are women characters we haven't seen before. There are	are	VERB	so	ADV	 so
This system persisted from the 14th century until the 19th century, when the telegraph and modern road building were introduced to China from the West. A wide variety of social clubs for affluent Chinese became popular during the Song period. A text dated 1235 mentions that in	in	ADP	Hangzhou	PROPN	 Hangzhou
Reubens planned to re release the DVDs with audio commentaries by the following year, but this has yet to materialize. Pee wee's small glen plaid suits seemed ridiculous during the 1980s, but since the late 1990s have made him a " style icon ", with	with	ADP	fashion	NOUN	 fashion
Scholars are often wary of citing such commitments. … [but] it is dangerous for a scholar even to imagine that he might attain complete neutrality, for then one stops being vigilant about personal preferences and their influences — and then one truly falls victim to the	the	DET	dictates	NOUN	 dictates
The route started with a 146.5 km (91.0 mi) route, initially heading south east before turning north in the final part of the stage. The riders then entered another finishing circuit. They first rode the final 13 km (8 mi) of the circuit	circuit	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
Opening with a spoken dedication to Frank Sinatra, the Dark Horse recording was marred by Harrison's damaged singing voice – a result of his rushing to complete the album's vocal parts in Los Angeles, while simultaneously rehearsing for the tour. Several commentators have singled out	out	ADP	"	PUNCT	 "
" A review in Guitar Player magazine included: Today [circa 1989], the Yardbirds ' second American album sounds something like the ultimate garage band meets an end of the world guitarist. For a while in ' 65, though, Having a Rave Up with	with	ADP	the	DET	 the
Yet these attacks were only partially successful due to the strength of the garrison. The bombardment of Gaza intensified on 6 November and during the night of 6 / 7 November successful attacks were launched on several trench systems. On the morning of 7 November, Gaza was	was	AUX	found	VERB	 found
Commenting on his play, Coach Krzyzewski said: " He understands, which most kids, believe me, do not, the value of the ball. He makes really good decisions with the ball, whether it's a pass, a shot, or the time	time	NOUN	on	ADP	 on
In November 2002, NCMP Steve Chia supported a motion by the Minister for Education stating that " this House... (1) supports the new JC [junior college] curriculum which will better develop thinking, communication and other process skills and engage students in greater breadth	breadth	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
The lower jaw is solid and heavy. Because of the size of the head, the neck is relatively short to provide better support. Lacking a lacrimal apparatus, the eye relies on the harderian gland to keep it moist. A durable nictitating membrane protects the eye	eye	NOUN	globe	NOUN	 globe
He signed a one year, $1.5 million contract, well below his believed market value, to have a chance at winning the Stanley Cup. After making these and other off season moves, the Capitals were over the NHL salary cap. The expectation was that	that	PRON	defenseman	NOUN	 defenseman
This included Aramingo Argonaught, who was the first American Cocker Spaniel to be shown at Crufts in 1960 in a class entitled " Any variety not classified at this show ". In 1968, the KC agreed to have the breed shown in the category " Any variety	variety	NOUN	gundog	NOUN	 gundog
Factors that determine the risk of psychological dependence or physical dependence and the severity of the benzodiazepine withdrawal symptoms experienced during dose reduction of alprazolam include: dosage used, length of use, frequency of dosing, personality characteristics of the individual, previous use of cross dependent /	/	SYM	cross	VERB	 cross
Fleming had originally conceived the card game scene as a separate short story but instead used the device for Bond and Goldfinger's first encounter. Similarly, the depressurisation of Goldfinger's plane was another plot device he had intended to use elsewhere, but which found its way	way	NOUN	into	ADP	 into
The building was completed in less than two years, and the Keys started using the building in January 1821. Within a year of its completion, the House of Keys was heavily criticised in a letter to the Rising Sun newspaper. The external appearance of the building	building	NOUN	was	AUX	 was
Many of the seminary's graduates have served as faculty and administrators at Rutgers, Western Theological Seminary, Hope College and several other institutions. Hope, an RCA affiliated liberal arts college in Michigan founded in 1851, was founded upon a vision of becoming " a point	point	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
The British government embargoed her machinery in 1940, despite French protests, when it discovered surreptitious contacts between the Yugoslav and Soviet governments. The Swedish government embargoed the Bofors guns due to the war and the German control of the Škoda Works meant that the Yugoslavs had to	to	PART	suspend	VERB	 suspend
Given this disparity, whether the Supreme Court would uphold the constitutionality of Section 2 as appropriate legislation passed to enforce the Fourteenth and Fifteenth Amendments, and under what rationale, remains unclear. In Mississippi Republican Executive Opinion v. Brooks (1984), the Supreme Court summarily	summarily	ADV	affirmed	VERB	 affirmed
Unlike cysteine and serine, threonine is a secondary hydroxyl (i.e. has a methyl group). This methyl group greatly restricts the possible orientations of triad and substrate as the methyl clashes with either the enzyme backbone or histidine base. Consequently, the catalytic residue of a	a	DET	threonine	ADJ	 threonine
In an attempt to dispel accusations that the JC's Girls message might be motivated by jealousy, Veitch lost weight and became more physically fit. She said that she wanted strippers " to know that if I wanted to, I could be a stripper again, but	but	CCONJ	I	PRON	 I
The saxaul sparrow's species name refers to its desert habitat, coming from the name of the Ammodendron or sand acacia tree, which is in turn derived from the Ancient Greek άμμος (ammos, " sand ") and δένδρον (dendron, " tree ")	)	PUNCT	.	PUNCT	.
It was a rediscovery of how to perform, and also how to record, music with live musicians. That was the spirit of the music in its pure form, though [it is ironic] that the more people who are playing, the more simple it	it	PRON	is	AUX	 is
He also suggested the IMF could help resolve the trade imbalances which could be the underlying casus belli for conflicts over currency valuations. Mr Strauss Kahn said that using currencies as weapons " is not a solution [and] it can even lead to a very bad situation	situation	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
The Glass brothers ' smelter had been set up on the north side to process concentrated ore delivered by rail from out of town or from the mills on the south side. Infrastructure included a weight scale for ore cars and an overhead tram to carry ore across the	the	DET	river	NOUN	 river
In spite of his illness, Joy Division's career progressed. He appeared on the cover of 13 January 1979 issue of the NME following the persistence of music journalist Paul Morley. That month the band recorded their first session for BBC Radio 1 DJ John Peel.	.	PUNCT	According	VERB	 According
" On My Own " featured guest vocals from Davis, as well as Martina McBride and Trisha Yearwood. Despite negative reviews, Starting Over was certified Platinum by the Recording Industry Association of America within the first two months of its release, but only one single —	—	PUNCT	a	DET	 a
The Analgizer inhaler was withdrawn in 1974, but use of methoxyflurane as a sedative and analgesic continues in Australia and New Zealand in the form of the Penthrox inhaler. Trials of methoxyflurane as an analgesic in emergency medicine are going on in the UK. The first report	report	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
Zardari's government gave in to popular pressure and Prime Minister Gilani in an early morning speech on 16 March 2009 promised to reinstate Chaudhry by 21 March. Ten judges were reinstated on 16 March, and Chaudry assumed his position on 22 March. Zardari's month long	long	ADV	direct	ADJ	 direct
The portion of the freeway from Otay Valley Road to Telegraph Canyon Road opened during 1972. On October 22, several unconstructed portions of I 805 were partially funded, including from Chula Vista south past SR 75, north of the completed Chula Vista portion to SR 54	54	NUM	,	PUNCT	,
The group comprises guitarist, founder and composer Wacław " Vogg " Kiełtyka, vocalist Rafał Piotrowski, bassist Paweł Pasek, and drummer Michał Łysejko. Decapitated have gained recognition as one of the genre's most widely respected bands and one of the finest exponents of technical death	death	NOUN	metal	NOUN	 metal
Mr. Hooper, played by Will Lee from the premiere of Sesame Street in 1969 until his death in 1982, was one of the first four human characters that appeared on the show. Created by producer and writer Jon Stone, Lee was the first actor to be	be	AUX	cast	VERB	 cast
The tape box bore an instruction to leave " Her Majesty " off the final product, but the next day when mastering engineer Malcolm Davies received the tape, he (also trained not to throw anything away) cut a playback lacquer of the whole sequence, including	including	VERB	"	PUNCT	 "
I thought he was outstanding, he looked exciting on the ball and he got crosses into the box ". In his next appearance for the club, he scored the equalising goal in a 2 – 1 win at Dagenham & Redbridge, when he " blasted in	in	ADP	"	PUNCT	 "
Nearing the trade deadline on March 15, 2012, the Rockets traded Hasheem Thabeet and Jonny Flynn to the Portland Trail Blazers for Marcus Camby. The Rockets also sent Jordan Hill to the Lakers in return for Derek Fisher (who was waived shortly after and signed with	with	ADP	the	DET	 the
204. Retrieved 28 August 2015. Ice Bound Heights of the Mustagh: An Account of Two seasons of Pioneer Exploration and High Climbing in the Baltistan Himalaya. London: A. Constable & Co. 1908. p. 444. Retrieved 28 August 2015. Peaks and Glaciers of	of	ADP	Nun	PROPN	 Nun
Greinke was then selected to the All Star Game, his second straight appearance, and subsequently chosen to be the starting pitcher for the National League squad. At that point in the season, Greinke carried a major league leading 1.48 ERA with a 7 – 2 record	record	NOUN	and	CCONJ	 and
It wasn't until March 3, 1901, that Congress appropriated $50,000 for the erection of the statue of McClellan. The following month a statue commission, originally led by Secretary of War Elihu Root, Senator George P. Wetmore and General George D. Ruggles, was	was	AUX	formed	VERB	 formed
At 0600 UTC on December 5, the hurricane's appearance generated 4.7 on the Dvorak technique, a system used to estimate intensity from satellite imagery. This was the highest rating during Epsilon's duration, and suggested winds of 85 mph (140 km / h)	)	PUNCT	,	PUNCT	,
The largest in the area was the Mellert family's farm, usually called the Crew farm for a former owner, situated at the western side of the hill. About a quarter of a mile due east of Malvern Hill was the West farm. Between these two	two	NUM	farms	NOUN	 farms
The HouseGuests would collect tiles and attempt to spell a word with their collected tiles; the HouseGuest with the longest correctly spelled word would win the Power of Veto. Russell was the winner of the Power of Veto. Following the competition, Jeff engaged in numerous arguments	arguments	NOUN	with	ADP	 with
MSNBC's video game news blog has written that " [n] o other game app comes close " to having such a following. The Christian Science Monitor has remarked, " Angry Birds has been one of the great runaway hits of 2010 ". In December	December	PROPN	2010	NUM	 2010
Oremus would then " ' blow up ' the vocal line into harmonies, create the incidental music that linked scenes and songs " and orchestrate the material. The songs range in style " from pop to funk to new wave to tango, with highly personal lyrics "	"	PUNCT	.	PUNCT	.
They can be caused either by defects in the moulds, or more often by the moulding process itself. Methods such as industrial CT scanning can help with finding these defects externally as well as internally. Moulding tolerance is a specified allowance on the deviation in parameters such	such	ADJ	as	ADP	 as
Ben quickly orders Goodwin (Brett Cullen) and Ethan to join the survivors, stay undercover, and provide " lists in three days. " The camera zooms out to reveal that the suburb is actually on the Island and is inhabited by The Others, while in	in	ADP	the	DET	 the
Four days later the brigade received news that it would also deploy, as reinforcements, to Gallipoli, but in a dismounted role without their horses. They arrived off the Gallipoli peninsula on 12 May, and disembarked at Anzac Cove. The next day, the brigade	brigade	NOUN	moved	VERB	 moved
On 23 June 1985, Air India Flight 182 Emperor Kanishka, a Boeing 747 237B (registered VT EFO) was blown up in mid air by a suitcase bomb planted by Babbar Khalsa terrorists allegedly as revenge for the Indian Government's operation on the Golden Temple in	in	ADP	June	PROPN	 June
She then rejoined Yavûz Sultân Selîm for the return to the Bosporus, during which the two ships evaded strong Russian forces attempting to intercept them. Later that month, on 21 July, Midilli attempted to lay a minefield off Novorossisk, but Russian wireless interception allowed the	the	DET	dreadnought	ADJ	 dreadnought
Nearby anatomic structures, such as the inferior alveolar nerve, the maxillary sinus and blood vessels, can also be injured when the osteotomy is created or the implant placed. Even when the lining of the maxillary sinus is perforated by an implant, long term sinusitis is	is	AUX	rare	ADJ	 rare
During the first half of the 20th century, some writers suggested that Smith might have suffered from epileptic seizures or from psychological disorders such as paranoid delusions or manic depressive illness that might explain his visions and revelations. Many modern biographers disagree with these ideas. More nuanced	nuanced	VERB	interpretations	NOUN	 interpretations
She next featured alongside Salman Khan, Sushmita Sen and Sohail Khan in Maine Pyaar Kyun Kiya?, a film she considered her " first real step into Bollywood ". Directed by David Dhawan, the film was a successful remake of the romantic comedy Cactus Flower.	.	PUNCT	For	ADP	 For
The film is a melodrama focusing on John Warren, a young clerk, who is struck by a taxi cab while crossing the street. The chauffeur who struck him, Allen, decides to flee as a crowd gathers around John. Allen ditches his taxi on a	a	DET	country	NOUN	 country
Gilbert described the play as a " musical fairytale ". Italian born Alberto Randegger was better known as a conductor and professor of singing than as a composer, although he composed several full length works and numerous vocal pieces in England in the 1860s and 1870s. He	He	PRON	is	AUX	 is
On June 11, the storm made landfall as a minimal tropical storm in the Kōchi Prefecture just before becoming extratropical. The extratropical remnants continued towards the northeast and were last mentioned on June 14 crossing the international date line. Typhoon Conson brought heavy rains and high winds	winds	NOUN	to	ADP	 to
After this, the Globetrotters broke up due to differences in their approach to tag teaming. Costello then moved to the NWA Mid America territory near Nashville, Tennessee. In Mid American, Costello teamed with Herb Welch to win the Mid American version of the NWA World	World	PROPN	Tag	PROPN	 Tag
" Captive Honour " is a song about prison and the consequences of crime, while " Psychotron " was written about the Marvel Comics character Deathlok. The album's closing track, " Ashes in Your Mouth ", concentrates on the negative aftermaths of war. The	The	DET	longest	ADJ	 longest
They threatened the Yankees that Taylor would not sign and instead attend Louisburg College, a local junior college, to get the Yankees to agree to their terms. The Yankees were without the official services of owner George Steinbrenner, who was serving a suspension at the time	time	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
His work in King John had brought about a " revolution in nineteenth century stage practice ", which lasted for almost a century. In 1828 Planché left Covent Garden and went to work for Stephen Price at Drury Lane. His first play during this period, Charles	Charles	PROPN	XII	PROPN	 XII
In 2014, Memphis Tigers coach Josh Pastner stated that his father, who was a ballboy for the Warriors, had taped the game starting in the second quarter. Pastner's father had been attempting to locate the footage among his many boxes, but he also conceded	conceded	VERB	that	SCONJ	 that
Unable to let her friend suffer, Cordelia has Skip return the timeline to normal, and agrees to become half demon, with new powers, in order to harbor the visions safely. This season also sees Angel become a father, with Cordelia stepping in to mother	mother	VERB	the	DET	 the
However, Shiki has become what Neku values most, and she is used as his new entry fee for the second week. During the second week he recalls small details of his death; eventually, he recognizes that he was shot at by Sho Minamimoto, one	one	NUM	of	ADP	 of
The Lady Chapel was the earliest part of the cathedral to be built. There was a competition in 1907 to design the windows, which was won by James Powell and Sons, who commissioned J. W. Brown as designer. Brown had worked for Powell's until 1886	1886	NUM	and	CCONJ	 and
Professional divers may be required by legislation or industry codes of practice to carry sufficient reserve gas to enable them to reach a place of safety, such as the surface, or a diving bell, based on the planned dive profile. This reserve gas is usually required	required	VERB	to	PART	 to
" City in the forest " The original Development Corporation design concept aimed for a " forest city " and its foresters planted millions of trees from its own nursery in Newlands in the following years. As of 2006, the urban area has 20 million trees. Following	Following	VERB	the	DET	 the
However, frugal spending helped to recover the estate and Fownes Luttrell invested in 1760 in the manor of Foremarsh, near Dunster, which he purchased from John Poyntz. He went on to buy the manor of Staunton Fry in 1777 and a number of tenements in Dunster	Dunster	PROPN	.	PUNCT	.
In response, the audience shouted No in unison, urging him to keep writing. Along with the international symposium on Pinter: Passion, Poetry, Politics, curated by Billington, the 2006 Europe Theatre Prize theatrical events celebrating Pinter included new productions (in French)	)	PUNCT	of	ADP	 of
Some cards were awkwardly shaped or irregularly sized, which prompted a belief that many of the cards in the series had been altered at one point or another. In his work Inside T206: A Collector Guide to the Classic Baseball Card Set, Scot A. Reader wrote	wrote	VERB	that	SCONJ	 that
The modern thylacine first appeared about 4 million years ago. Species of the family Thylacinidae date back to the beginning of the Miocene; since the early 1990s, at least seven fossil species have been uncovered at Riversleigh, part of Lawn Hill National Park in northwest Queensland	Queensland	PROPN	.	PUNCT	.
There are two main rock types on the Mendips: the Devonian sandstones visible around Blackdown and Downhead and the Carboniferous Limestones, which dominate the hills and surround the older rock formations. There are nine active quarries and a host of disused sites, several of which have	have	AUX	been	AUX	 been
I think, on the other hand, a silver dollar might be too large. I think we can dispose of gold dollars very much easier. Mr. Husted, and you know gold dollars are rather scarce just now. " Ashbrook agreed, and stated: my	my	PRON	understanding	NOUN	 understanding
A writer in Le Quotidien de Paris wrote: " The much feared pyramid has become adorable. " The experience was exhausting for Pei, but also rewarding. " After the Louvre, " he said later, " I thought no project would be too difficult.	.	PUNCT	"	PUNCT	 "
The two orders had very different approaches to the conversion of the Indians. The Franciscans used a method of mass conversion, sometimes baptizing many thousands of Indians in a day. This method was championed by prominent Franciscans such as Toribio de Benavente, known as " Motolinia	Motolinia	PROPN	"	PUNCT	 "
In the street fighting 13 British troops and 300 Malays were killed. Resistance was subsequently lost on 24 July 1798, accidentally destroyed with more than 300 of its crew in an unexplained ammunition explosion in the Banca Strait. There were originally twelve survivors, but eight died	died	VERB	of	ADP	 of
This was cancelled on 19 November after the location of the German East Asia Squadron was revealed by survivors of the Battle of Coronel. Warrior joined the Grand Fleet in December 1914 and was assigned to the 1st Cruiser Squadron under Rear Admiral Sir Robert Keith Arbuthnot. At	At	ADP	the	DET	 the
The effects and production design are stunning, but they always serve the story, not the other way around. " Susan Wloszczyna of USA Today said the film did " plenty right " and praised the characters Darth Maul and Watto. David Cornelius of efilmcritic.com said the	the	DET	film	NOUN	 film
Hess died on 17 August 1987 at the age of 93 in a summer house that had been set up in the prison garden as a reading room. He took an extension cord from one of the lamps, strung it over a window latch, and hanged himself	himself	PRON	.	PUNCT	.
He thought Frozen managed to capture the classic Disney spirit of the Disney Renaissance films and early classics such as Snow White and the Seven Dwarfs and Cinderella. He also wrote that the film has Olaf, a " wisecracking, irreverent " sidekick with mild humor which is	is	AUX	"	PUNCT	 "
They were originally built by Strømmens Værksted in 1983 and 1984, and delivered as part of the D series to NSB. They have since been operating as commuter trains. Prior to the PSO process, the trains were rebuilt by Danske Statsbaner in Denmark, and were	were	AUX	completely	ADV	 completely
It depicts the traditional account of the prince taking seven steps, which resulted in seven lotuses blooming spontaneously, followed by Siddhartha pointing to the sky with his index finger and declaring that this life would be his last in samsara. On the internal wall of the temple	temple	NOUN	are	AUX	 are
In the essay, Tolkien also revealed how highly he regarded Beowulf: " Beowulf is among my most valued sources ", and this influence may be seen throughout his Middle earth legendarium. According to Humphrey Carpenter, Tolkien had an ingenious means of beginning his series of	of	ADP	lectures	NOUN	 lectures
There are 16 miles (26 km) of trails at Black Moshannon State Park that are open to hiking, mountain biking, cross country skiing, and snowmobiling. All trails are open to hiking, most are open to skiing during the winter months, and select	select	ADJ	trails	NOUN	 trails
Both isoforms of monoamine oxidase, MAO A and MAO B, effectively metabolize dopamine. Different breakdown pathways exist but the main end product is homovanillic acid, which has no known biological activity. From the bloodstream, homovanillic acid is filtered out by the kidneys and then	then	ADV	excreted	VERB	 excreted
SpoilerTV's Winston Mize called the episode one of Rhimes ' best shows, praising it for avoiding a preachy or excessively dramatic take on rape. Its depiction of King's rape and its aftermath was compared to similar storylines on other shows. E's Jennifer Arrow called	called	VERB	it	PRON	 it
In 1996, the netball leadership actively pursued the possibility of netball being played at the 2000 Summer Olympics. The government of New South Wales encouraged the Australian Olympic Committee to lobby for the inclusion of netball in the 2008 Beijing Olympic games. Prime Minister Gordon Brown,	,	PUNCT	Netball	PROPN	 Netball
Writer Frank Spotnitz later noted, " it had been a long time since X had done anything and the character really needed to grow. " The episode guest stars Tony Shalhoub as Dr. Banton. Shalhoub, who had a recurring role on the NBC series Wings,	,	PUNCT	was	AUX	 was
He was educated at Winchester College, noted as among the most intellectually rigorous of English public schools. He then worked for a firm of accountants before joining his father as an assistant in 1894. In a newspaper interview given in the year of his death, Rupert	Rupert	PROPN	recalled	VERB	 recalled
Rivadavia went back into reserve in 1932 before coming back out in January 1933. It remained in full commission for most of the rest of the decade as part of the Battleship Division, alongside Moreno. In January 1937, the ship called on Valparaíso and Callao in	in	ADP	Peru	PROPN	 Peru
All black color morphs are known to exist. The skin is covered in mucus which protects it from infection. The two species of manta differ in color patterns, dermal denticles, and dentition. M. birostris has more angular shoulder markings, larger ventral dark spots on	on	ADP	the	DET	 the
The number of 2 cm guns was eventually increased to thirty eight. Six 53.3 cm (21.0 in) above water torpedo tubes, taken from the light cruisers Nürnberg and Leipzig, were installed in 1942. At her commissioning, Scharnhorst was commanded by Kapitän zur See	See	PROPN	(	PUNCT	 (
The SI unit of cumulative exposure is expressed in joule hours per cubic meter (J · h / m3). One WLM is equivalent to 3.6 × 10 − 3 J · h / m3. An exposure to 1 WL for 1 working month (170 hours	hours	NOUN	)	PUNCT	)
The development team decided that it did not work well as something that would ease players into the game, because of its length among other factors. Because of this, Takumi wrote a shorter episode, " The First Turnabout ", which was used as the game	game	NOUN	's	PART	's
Panamanian songwriter Omar Alfanno composed three tracks from the album: " Te Conozco Bien " (" I Know You Well "), " Nadie Como Ella " (" Nobody Like Her "), and " Llegaste a Mi " (" You Came to Me	Me	PRON	"	PUNCT	 "
She not only trained teachers for Dewey but assisted him in developing a revised curriculum for the music education program. Smith also instructed courses at the Chicago Kindergarten College and at the Froebel Kindergarten College, both training colleges for teachers of very young children. Smith favored women	women	NOUN	's	PART	's
Without either a recognised Spanish king or the Junta that had appointed Cisneros, many people thought that the viceroy no longer had any authority. Cisneros tried to conceal the news by gathering all the newspapers brought by the ship, but Belgrano and Castelli managed to get one	one	NUM	.	PUNCT	.
Rhodes took 141 wickets in the season, at an average of 13.27. In the autumn, he travelled to India, coaching and playing for the Maharaja of Patiala's private team; Rhodes repeated this trip every year until 1927, sometimes accompanied by other players.	.	PUNCT	On	ADP	 On
Global egg production was expected to reach 65.5 million tonnes in 2013, surpassing all previous years. Between 2000 and 2010, egg production was growing globally at around 2% per year, but since then growth has slowed down to nearer 1%. Poultry is available	available	ADJ	fresh	ADJ	 fresh
The Orthodox congregation was founded with 15 families and constructed the synagogue in 1936. It was built by George Allen & Sons. The interior is a single room that is lined with five benches before an altar which held the sacred ark. The congregation's membership dwindled	dwindled	VERB	throughout	ADP	 throughout
In addition to personal experiences and feelings, Hamasaki bases lyrics on sources such as historical events. The life of Joan of Arc was the inspiration for " Free & Easy ", while a story told to her by her friend about a saint named Mary served as	as	ADP	the	DET	 the
One weakness addressed by several reviewers is the unoriginality of the music, especially in comparison to the duo's previous collaborations. Contrasting Everything That Happens Will Happen Today with My Life in the Bush of Ghosts, some have found a connection between the two. Reviewers have	have	AUX	found	VERB	 found
The first Monopoly edition in Braille is published in 1973. Also in 1973, as the Atlantic City Commissioner of Public Works considered name changes for Baltic and Mediterranean Avenues, fans of the board game, with support from the president of Parker Brothers, successfully lobbied for	for	SCONJ	the	DET	 the
In 1950, the ACLU board of directors asked executive director Baldwin to resign, feeling that he lacked the organizational skills to lead the 9,000 (and growing) member organization. Baldwin objected, but a majority of the board elected to remove him from the position,	,	PUNCT	and	CCONJ	 and
Subadult shells have a thin flared lip that continues to increase in thickness until death. Index Testarum Conchyliorum (published in 1742 by the Italian physician and malacologist Niccolò Gualtieri) contains three illustrations of adult shells from different perspectives. The knobbed spire and the flaring outer lip	lip	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
The Finns counterattacked, and the Soviets were pushed back to a new defensive line where they stayed for the rest of the war. To the north was Finland's only ice free port in the Arctic, Petsamo. The Finns did not have the manpower to defend	defend	VERB	it	PRON	 it
The indigenous population soon rebelled against excessive Spanish demands, but the rebellion was quickly put down in April 1530. However, the region was not considered fully conquered until a campaign by Jorge de Bocanegra in 1531 – 1532 that also took in parts of Jalapa. The	The	DET	afflictions	NOUN	 afflictions
Lanchester's hair was given a Marcel wave over a wire frame to achieve the style. Lanchester disliked working with Pierce, who she said " really did feel that he made these people, like he was a god... in the morning he'd be dressed in	in	ADP	white	ADJ	 white
In 1954, Lebrón received a letter from Albizu Campos, in which he declared his intention to order attacks on " three locations, the most strategic to the enemy ". Albizu Campos had been corresponding with 34 year old Lebrón from prison and chose a group of	of	ADP	nationalists	NOUN	 nationalists
" They had a problem with words, not bullets, " he said. The MPAA gave Paramount specific notes for the film; in contrast, Parker and Stone's NC 17 comedy Orgazmo, released in 1998 by Rogue Pictures, was not given any specifications on	on	ADP	how	SCONJ	 how
The Orlando Sentinel's Gregory Hardy named it the third best episode of the show with a sports theme. Phillip Stephenson of Pittsburgh Post Gazette called the episode " classic ", and Susan Dunne of The Hartford Courant described it as " debauched but hilarious ". The	The	DET	Cincinnati	PROPN	 Cincinnati
Choon Klet pointed to a high initial difficulty but said: " Once the skills are acquired, be ready for many hours of enjoyment and sleepless nights. " Chip and Jonathan Carter of St. Petersburg Times deemed the game one of the best of the year and felt	felt	VERB	the	DET	 the
Tussman, Joseph; tenBroek, Jacobus (1949), " The Equal Protection of the Laws ", California Law Review 37 (3): 341 – 381, doi: 10.2307 / 3477801, JSTOR 3477801. Groves, Harry E. (1963), " Equal	Equal	PROPN	Protection	PROPN	 Protection
Except, [he] is more than four years away from being able to vote. " After the conference, Krohn's parents received hate mail accusing them of brainwashing their son, but both insist Krohn developed his own political thinking. Within a week of the	the	DET	speech	NOUN	 speech
On the day of the EP's release, U2.com streamed all three tracks for the site's subscribers for a 48 hour period. The EP was created by the creators of Record Store Day for an exclusive release as part of the " Back to Black Friday "	"	PUNCT	program	NOUN	 program
Nevertheless, character designer Tatsuhiko Kanaoka, better known as " Falcoon ", said K ' was one of his favorite original King of Fighters characters. Music composer Sha V suggested that K ' should yell " Dora! " or " Ora! " to mirror Kyo	Kyo	PROPN	and	CCONJ	 and
Models came in either basic " A ", upgraded suspension " B ", or fully equipped " C " trim specifications. The Crown and the Crown Majesta, which appeared later in 1991, were only available at Toyota Store locations which carried Japan only Toyota luxury	luxury	NOUN	models	NOUN	 models
As she is preparing to depart, she is confronted by Starlight, an Indian woman who works as a servant on the ranch, who reminds Wilton of the needs of her child. She spurns Pelham and returns to her family. Eventually, Chetwin forgives her and	and	CCONJ	devotes	VERB	 devotes
Immediately after the fire, NASA convened the Apollo 204 Accident Review Board to determine the cause of the fire, and both houses of the United States Congress conducted their own committee inquiries to oversee NASA's investigation. The ignition source of the fire was determined to be	be	AUX	electrical	ADJ	 electrical
" Süß is presented to the audience first in traditional ghetto attire and then a quick cutaway to a shot of him in elegant clothes riding in a carriage on his way to Stuttgart. Thus, Süß is shown to be hiding his true identity as a marginalized Jew	Jew	PROPN	and	CCONJ	 and
He was buried at Penney Farms, Florida, on March 29, 1980. At his funeral, held at the Penney Memorial Church in Penney Farms, Goodman was eulogized by Executive Secretary of the Order of the Arrow William F. Downs: " The shake of [	[	X	his	PRON	his
In southwest Germany, gusts reached 75 mph (120 km / h). On August 10, a small tornado outbreak occurred with touchdowns taking place in Belgium, France, and Germany. The strongest of these, rated F2 on the Fujita Scale, affected Bad	Bad	PROPN	Schwalbach	PROPN	 Schwalbach
Evar Swanson reclaimed the role he held in 1933 as starting right fielder for Chicago, and Bordagaray was returned to Sacramento in June, reclaiming their money. He spent the rest of 1934 with the Senators, batting.321 with 34 doubles and a.433 slugging percentage. After the	the	DET	1934	NUM	 1934
While Ke $ha was in the studio with Dr. Luke and Blanco, she took three takes to get the song correct as she jokingly " white girl rapped " over the beat. At one point in the song's production, she had wanted to re write	write	VERB	the	DET	 the
He also criticised the script for its " lashings of weapons grade sentimentality " and for " throwing up possibilities that weren't followed up " and the monster as an " afterthought [posing]... no tangible threat ". However, he did praise Curran's "	"	PUNCT	great	ADJ	 great
She was the main author of Birds of South Asia: The Ripley Guide, a landmark publication due to its greater geographical and species coverage compared to its predecessors. As a result of her study of museum bird specimens when researching for the book, she was instrumental	instrumental	ADJ	in	ADP	 in
He was an enthusiastic member of the Tolhurst Society which existed in Oxford in the 1960s and 70s. At performances of the oratorio " Ruth " he would sing (an octave down) the Alto aria " I went out full, and the Lord hath sent me	me	PRON	home	ADV	 home
By the time Gygax and Kuntz had stopped working on their original home campaign, the castle dungeons had encompassed 50 levels of cunningly complex passages and thousands of rooms and traps. This, plus plans for the city of Yggsburgh and encounter areas outside the castle and city	city	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
These forged charters date from the second half of the 12th century. St Calais also ordered the destruction of the old cathedral that had been built by Aldhun, to make way for the construction of a new, larger cathedral, the current Romanesque style Durham Cathedral.	.	PUNCT	The	DET	 The
Upon his return from Antarctica, he recommenced to his post as geology lecturer at the University of Adelaide. Despite an offer from Robert Falcon Scott to join his Terra Nova Expedition to reach the Geographic South Pole, Mawson began planning his own Antarctic expedition. Mawson's	's	PART	plan	NOUN	 plan
Their show in Asunción, Paraguay was postponed a day, after lead singer Steven Tyler sustained facial injuries after falling in his hotel room shower, due to a bout of food poisoning that dehydrated him and caused him to faint. On March 11, 2012, Aerosmith	Aerosmith	PROPN	was	AUX	 was
An especially well struck Franklin half dollar is said to have full bell lines. To qualify, the seven parallel lines making up the bottom of the bell must be fully visible, and the three wisps of hair to the right of Franklin's ear on the obverse	obverse	NOUN	must	AUX	 must
From 2006 to 2010, six new schools were built on the site and named the Robert F. Kennedy Community Schools. Plans to re create the pantry in the area of the school complex and create a museum, dedicated to Kennedy's assassination, fell through after commission	commission	NOUN	chairman	NOUN	 chairman
Shute declared war on the Abenaki in July 1722 following raids against British settlements on the Maine coast. Shute's ongoing conflicts with the provincial assembly prompted him to leave for England in early 1723, leaving handling of the war in Lieutenant Governor Dummer's hands. Tailer	Tailer	PROPN	was	AUX	 was
Titanic held the record for box office gross for twelve years. Cameron's follow up film, Avatar, was considered the first film with a genuine chance at surpassing its worldwide gross, and did so in 2010. Various explanations for why the film was able to	to	PART	successfully	ADV	 successfully
Conditions were unsanitary in the 19th century. The road is mentioned in 1828 when there was an outbreak of yellow fever in Gibraltar. A French medical commission visited the colony and documented their findings on the spread of the epidemic. Many of the reported cases were in	in	ADP	houses	NOUN	 houses
The SN 1054 supernova, which gave birth to the Crab Nebula, was also observed by Chinese and Islamic astronomers. Medieval Islamic astronomers gave Arabic names to many stars that are still used today and they invented numerous astronomical instruments that could compute the positions of the stars	stars	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
However, her tendency to smoke when under stress and litter the streets with cigarettes has been criticised by UK environmental agencies. Kelly has garnered various awards and nominations for her portrayal of Becky. Becky was created as a short term recurring character, working in the Underworld	Underworld	PROPN	sewing	NOUN	 sewing
This arrangement provided flexibility of operation with the Basin being used as a lock when there were large numbers of arrivals and sailings. The harbour was officially opened on 1 May 1809. Patterson's yard within the harbour was used for the construction of many ships notably Brunel	Brunel	PROPN	's	PART	's
The P90 is notable for being fully ambidextrous — it can be operated by right or left handed shooters with equal ease, and without making any modifications to the weapon. FN Herstal has described it as the " first fully ambidextrous individual automatic weapon. " The charging	charging	NOUN	handle	NOUN	 handle
" The letters arrived in Massachusetts in March 1773, and came into the hands of Samuel Adams, then serving as the clerk of the Massachusetts assembly. By Franklin's instructions, only a select few people, including the Massachusetts Committee of Correspondence, were to see	see	VERB	the	DET	 the
In the middle of 1995, the band underwent changes on the business side. Manager Ron Lafitte was hired by EMI Records and essentially disbanded his management company. Megadeth later signed with ESP Management and hired Bud Prager, a previous manager of Foreigner and Bad Company,	,	PUNCT	to	PART	 to
Some people even named their children after Mileena, which became trending in 2015. Mileena's addition to the series was well received and she quickly became one of the most popular and recognizable Mortal Kombat characters. Her debut appearance in Mortal Kombat II was met with a	a	DET	favorable	ADJ	 favorable
The couple married in Wailuku on Maui on February 2, 1961, and separated when, in late August 1961, Obama's mother moved with their newborn son to attend the University of Washington in Seattle for a year. During that time, Obama Sr. completed	completed	VERB	his	PRON	 his
The First Transcontinental Railroad, completed in 1869, closely followed the main line of the California Trail and I 80 west of Wells. The Feather River Route was constructed in 1909 and generally follows the Hastings Cutoff through Eastern Nevada. It also runs parallel to I 80	80	NUM	in	ADP	 in
The following season, however, boosted by a switch to full time professional status and helped by the goals of Freddy Eastwood, Grays finished in 6th place, sufficient to gain a place in the newly formed Conference South for the 2004 – 05 season. Grays won	won	VERB	the	DET	 the
At the outbreak of World War I in August 1914, the German battlecruisers Goeben and Breslau were coaling in Messina; British warships had begun to assemble outside the port in an attempt to trap the German ships. The German navy called upon its Austro Hungarian allies to	to	PART	come	VERB	 come
The tent featured a photo booth which enabled fans to document their concert experience and express their support to take action on climate change, leading up to the United Nations Climate Summit that took place on September 23, 2014 in New York City. Various clean energy tools	tools	NOUN	were	AUX	 were
Don't give up the ship! " In contrast to the confusion and loss of leadership aboard the American vessel, the British boarding party was being effectively organised. A number of small arms men rushed aboard Chesapeake, led by Broke, including the purser, Mr	Mr	PROPN	G.	PROPN	 G.
It was written by Minaj, Matthew Burnett, and Matthew Samuels. Production was helmed by Samuels under his stage name Boi 1da. The song was released for digital download by Cash Money Records in the US and Canada on November 2, 2012 and in other countries	countries	NOUN	on	ADP	 on
It can, however, be made into a surface of constant width, called Meissner's tetrahedron, by replacing its edge arcs by curved surfaces, the surfaces of rotation of a circular arc. Alternatively, the surface of revolution of a Reuleaux triangle through one of	of	ADP	its	PRON	 its
Owing to the starvation of resources, even as late as March 1943 the Atlantic supply lines were being threatened. This situation arose as a direct result of the lack of very long range aircraft. Despite the enormous losses of the disastrous 1940 – 1942 period, known	known	VERB	to	ADP	 to
Following the Russian Revolution in 1917, the Caucasus Front collapsed, leaving Central Asia open to the Turkish Army. A special force, known as Dunsterforce after its commander, Major General Lionel Dunsterville, was formed from hand picked British officers and NCOs to organise any remaining	remaining	VERB	Russian	ADJ	 Russian
Together the Earl and Countess of Rosebery added greatly to not only the Mentmore collection but also to that housed at Dalmeny House, Rosebery's Scottish seat, amassing a great library of rare and continental volumes and a collection of artefacts formerly belonging to the Emperor Napoleon I.	I.	PROPN	Published	VERB	 Published
She was so badly damaged by the magazine explosion that she was not thought fit for service even if she could be salvaged, unlike many of the other sunken ships nearby. Her surviving superstructure was scrapped in 1942, and her main armament was salvaged over the next	next	ADJ	year	NOUN	 year
We're investing billions into developing and scientifically assessing a portfolio of products that have the potential to be less harmful and that are satisfying so smokers will switch to them. And, like any other company with a responsibility to its business partners, shareholders and employees,	,	PUNCT	we	PRON	 we
At the Academy Awards, she was favored to win the Best Actress Oscar, but the award went to Jessica Tandy for Driving Miss Daisy in what was considered a surprise upset. The only other major acting award for which she was nominated that she did not take	take	VERB	home	ADV	 home
In addition, it has been noted that over time, the portrayal of husbands and wives in an intimate, romantic relationship has been on the rise. Throughout history, mothers have been portrayed as the primary physical caregivers of children. Physical caregiving includes tasks such as	as	ADP	breast	NOUN	 breast
The branches of the fruit body end in spoon- to fan shaped tips that are frequently fringed or grooved. The branches of the fruit body are initially whitish in color, but gradually turn gray to lilac brown in maturity; the tips, however, remain whitish,	,	PUNCT	or	CCONJ	 or
The Cape Colony was administered from two towns, the larger Cape Town on the wide Table Bay facing west and smaller Simon's Town on False Bay facing south. Neither bay was sheltered from Atlantic storms and both were notoriously dangerous, with winds, currents and rocks	rocks	NOUN	posing	VERB	 posing
It associates with birch trees and is typically found in boggy or swampy areas, often growing among sphagnum moss. Fruitbodies (mushrooms) of L. holopus have convex caps measuring up to 10 cm (4 in) in diameter. Often pure white — especially in young	young	ADJ	fruitbodies	NOUN	 fruitbodies
However, molecular analysis may shed more light on relationships and the current taxonomic treatment may change. The purple backed- and lavender flanked fairywrens were considered distinct species in the past. M. l. lamberti is the nominate subspecies from coastal eastern Australia and the original form described by	by	ADP	Vigors	PROPN	 Vigors
As of June 2016, 767 300F deliveries stand at 114 with 78 unfilled orders. Airlines operated 115 examples of the freighter variant and freighter conversions in July 2015. In June 2008, All Nippon Airways took delivery of the first 767 300BCF (Boeing Converted Freighter)	)	PUNCT	,	PUNCT	,
This narrative started at TNA's Victory Road PPV event on July 13, where Samoa Joe defended the TNA World Heavyweight Championship against Booker T. During the match, Joe relentlessly assaulted Booker T to the point that referees nor security could stop him. This led to Sting	Sting	PROPN	interfering	VERB	 interfering
The Argonauts entered the game with an undefeated record, having outscored their opposition 226 to 55 during the season. They dominated Edmonton, recording the first shutout in Grey Cup history with a 23 – 0 victory. Multi sport star Lionel Conacher was Toronto's top player	player	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
Levine and Mars played all the instruments on the track and recorded them; Levine was as well responsible for engineering the song at Levcon Studios in California. The mixing of the track was done at Larrabee Sound Studios in North Hollywood by Manny Marroquin, with Christian Plata	Plata	PROPN	and	CCONJ	 and
The episode drew 0.8 million viewers in the 18 – 49 demographic, which was down 0.3 and 0.2 million from the previous two episodes, " Upper West Side Story " and " Neighborhood Watch ", respectively. The episode ranked 28th in the 18 – 49 demographic	demographic	ADJ	for	ADP	 for
" A writer of Rap Up praised her look, saying that she was " burning up " the print. The advertisement was published in fashion, beauty and lifestyle magazines in February 2010. On February 3, 2010, Beyoncé launched the scent at Macy's Herald	Herald	PROPN	Square	PROPN	 Square
An image taken at the Anglo Australian Telescope in 1993 was found to show the then unnoticed comet some 13 AU from the Sun, a distance at which most comets are essentially unobservable. (Halley's Comet was more than 100 times fainter at the same distance from	from	ADP	the	DET	 the
The way the referendum was carried out was heavily criticized by the opposition, including the exact wording of the question about the national insignia. Supporters of the Pahonia also criticize that the Pahonia and the former white red white flag were compared to ones, used by collaboration	collaboration	NOUN	forces	NOUN	 forces
As part of this campaign, Mark Ronson produced a re mix of Dylan's 1966 tune " Most Likely You Go Your Way and I'll Go Mine ", which was released as a maxi single. This was the first time Dylan had sanctioned a re mix	mix	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
The enlarged reentry module was also considered for a spacecraft proposed at the same time, which would have been used to rescue the crews of manned spacecraft that were stranded in low Earth orbit. It would have launched atop a Titan IIIC, once in orbit it would	would	AUX	have	AUX	 have
" Later inscriptions made more use of Ge ' ez, the language of the Aksumites, perhaps indicating a decline in its use for more international trade (i.e. with Rome and India). The obverse of the coins would always feature an image of the king (	(	PUNCT	almost	ADV	almost
Having conducted several ballets at Covent Garden during the 1970s, Boult gave his last public performance conducting Elgar's ballet The Sanguine Fan for the London Festival Ballet at the London Coliseum on 24 June 1978. His final record, completed in December 1978, was of music	music	NOUN	by	ADP	 by
The ribs are poorly developed, so the lungs are filled by buccal pumping and a frog deprived of its lungs can maintain its body functions without them. For the skin to serve as a respiratory organ, it must remain moist. This makes frogs susceptible to various	various	ADJ	substances	NOUN	 substances
Lützow was relieved of this command on 16 March 1944 due to personal differences with Schmid. Following his dismissal, he was given command of the 4. Flieger Schuldivision (4th Flyers Training Division). Lützow became known as a central figure and spokesman behind the Fighter	Fighter	PROPN	Pilots	PROPN	 Pilots
With their complex reproductive needs and permeable skins, amphibians are often ecological indicators; in recent decades there has been a dramatic decline in amphibian populations for many species around the globe. The earliest amphibians evolved in the Devonian period from sarcopterygian fish with lungs and bony limbed	limbed	PROPN	fins	PROPN	 fins
One station refused to air the episode due to the language. " Sexual Harassment " received moderately positive reviews from television critics. The episode was viewed by 7.13 million viewers. Michael Scott's (Steve Carell) " best friend forever " Todd Packer (David Koechner	Koechner	PROPN	)	PUNCT	)
" In a December 1999 interview, bin Laden said he felt that Americans were " too near to Mecca ", and considered this a provocation to the entire Muslim world. One analysis of suicide terrorism suggested that without U.S. troops in Saudi Arabia, al Qaeda likely	likely	ADV	would	AUX	 would
The coconut crab has a well developed sense of smell, which it uses to locate its food. The process of smelling works very differently depending on whether the smelled molecules are hydrophilic molecules in water or hydrophobic molecules in air. As most crabs live in the water	water	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
The poem was finally published by Cottle in 1796 (see 1796 in poetry) after changes to the text including a section added by Coleridge. The second edition would later be printed without Coleridge's lines and they were instead published on their own. For the second	second	ADJ	edition	NOUN	 edition
Foremost among these was Chris Froome (Team Sky), the reigning champion of the Tour de France. Froome's only previous race in the 2016 season was the Herald Sun Tour, which he won. Froome had a strong team that included two other possible contenders	contenders	NOUN	for	ADP	 for
Sir Richard Morrison, the English resident ambassador with Charles V, knew nothing of this until he met Dudley at Treves. The ailing ruler was averse to be molested by diplomats while journeying, nevertheless Morrison arranged an interview at Luxembourg in which Charles referred them to a	a	DET	later	ADJ	 later
The guarding behavior, though, may conflict with males ’ pursuit of extra pair fertilizations. It is not yet clear to what extent a male will prefer mate guarding over extra pair fertilizations. Male retention studies have shown that removal of a male increases the chance of	of	ADP	extra	ADJ	 extra
Meldrum's Force, commanded by Brigadier General W. Meldrum, was formed at 20: 30 from the New Zealand Mounted Rifles Brigade and their machine gun squadron, mounted sections of the 1st and 2nd Battalions British West Indies Regiment, the 29th Indian Mountain Battery, and	and	CCONJ	the	DET	 the
Having applied his perseverance and spells to erect a magical bridge, the piglet fulfills the requirement for marrying the emperor's daughter, after which it is uncovered that he is a Făt Frumos or Prince Charming character who assumes his real identity only by night. Although the	the	DET	plot	NOUN	 plot
Bill Wood, the Astros ' general manager, said the team believed Nevin was close to a major league level and would require little development in minor league baseball. As evidence for this, the Astros pointed to Nevin's training with the wooden bats used in professional	professional	ADJ	baseball	NOUN	 baseball
Spurred on by the introduction of artificial ice plants around the world by the British Royal Navy, the International Ice Company was founded in Madras in 1874 and the Bengal Ice Company in 1878. Operating together as the Calcutta Ice Association, they rapidly drove natural ice out	out	ADP	of	ADP	 of
From her experience within the community, Snook concurred that the majority of American Heathens were male, adding that most were white and middle aged, but believed that there had been a growth in the proportion of female Heathens in the U.S. since the mid 1990s. Subsequent	Subsequent	ADJ	assessments	NOUN	 assessments
As late as August 2, floodwaters remained 1.5 to 2 ft (0.46 to 0.61 m) deep along Military Trail near West Palm Beach. Flooding in some areas was the worst since a hurricane in October 1924. Winds disrupted communications with small settlements, and Stuart	Stuart	PROPN	was	AUX	 was
It was originally broadcast on 1 January 2007. Since the series was commissioned before the script for the episode was written, it is not a pilot, but a bank holiday special, and serves the introductory functions of a pilot. The episode focuses upon a thirteen	thirteen	NUM	year	NOUN	 year
NBA agents earn about 4% of the salary and bonus that they negotiate for their clients. He then branched out on his own and founded The Landmark Sports Agency. Recently, he has represented several first round lottery picks: sixth overall 2003 NBA Draft selection,	,	PUNCT	Chris	PROPN	 Chris
Back at Jay's uncle's house, the boys find that their parents have travelled to find them after hearing of their near death experience. The boys are shocked to find Mr Gilbert (their old head of sixth form and Will's nemesis) there too,	,	PUNCT	and	CCONJ	 and
After Mercyful Fate broke up in 1985, King Diamond, along with Michael Denner and Timi Hansen, formed the eponymous King Diamond band. Both Denner and Hansen stayed with the group until 1987's Abigail, after which both left King Diamond. They were replaced by	by	ADP	Mike	PROPN	 Mike
The Lorrainer question was concluded with the birth of a son to Charles V in 1679, ending Cosimo's dream of a Medici cadet branch, dreams which were to be revived in 1697 by Gian Gastone's marriage to an heiress. Cosimo kept himself apprised of his	his	PRON	wife	NOUN	 wife
Despite the statement, rumors of a move to Arsenal continued to surface with negotiations reportedly having been ongoing throughout the summer. On 3 August 2009, president Jean Louis Triaud declared that Arsenal had sent a bid of €7 million for Chamakh and that he had rejected	rejected	VERB	it	PRON	 it
A few kilometers before Bordeaux, Trousselier caught up with the rest, and even managed to win the sprint. Louis Trousselier kept his lead until the end of the race, winning five stages. Trousselier was accused of bad sportsmanship: he reportedly smashed the inkstands of	of	ADP	a	DET	 a
As of 2008, the International Shark Attack File lists 27 attacks attributable to this species, 4 of them unprovoked, and none fatal. This species is taken by commercial and artisanal longline and gillnet fisheries throughout its range. It is valued for meat, leather,	,	PUNCT	liver	NOUN	 liver
Nearby highways include Farm to Market Road 1880 and Farm to Market Road 1529. Cooper, as well as most of Delta County, is located in the Texas Blackland Prairies region, a flat, tall grass prairie ecosystem which covers a large portion of north central Texas	Texas	PROPN	.	PUNCT	.
Similarly, pineapple and citrus fruits such as lemons, limes, oranges, consumed by sailors to ward off scurvy on long cross Atlantic trips, were introduced at coastal Malagasy ports. Local cultivation began soon afterward. The prickly pear cactus or raketa ([raˈketə ̥	̥	PROPN	]	PUNCT	]
Every turn, units, which consist of ground, sea and air units, can move across the different types of terrain and attack enemy units or perform other actions, such as submerging a submarine or resupplying friendly units. Many factors can affect the battle, such	such	ADJ	as	ADP	 as
The columns were featured in a 2003 article by the Getty Conservation Institute called " The Conservation of Outdoor Contemporary Murals ", which described best practices for preserving murals and included photographs of the columns during the demolition phase, with conservator J. Claire Dean assessing one of them	them	PRON	.	PUNCT	.
The train was rebuilt and re entered revenue service soon afterward, but the accident strengthened the desire of locomotive designers to move the cab back from the front of the locomotive to above a large nose, as on EMD F unit and EMD E unit locomotives. Since	Since	SCONJ	the	DET	 the
Even though all military activities ceased by 6 August, stories of atrocities committed by the Assyrians at Dirabun and rumours that Christians were planning to blow bridges up and poison drinking water in major Iraqi cities spread. According to some historians, the agitation against Assyrians was also	also	ADV	encouraged	VERB	 encouraged
In this episode, Enterprise attempts to avert a war, and is caught in a crossfire between Vulcan and Andorian starships. Meanwhile. Captain Archer, Commander T ' Pol, and T ' Pau aim to take the Kir'Shara to the Vulcan capital, and use it	it	PRON	to	PART	 to
In 1977, Carl Woese, a microbiologist studying the genetic sequencing of organisms, developed a new sequencing method that involved splitting the RNA into fragments that could be sorted and compared to other fragments from other organisms. The more similar the patterns between species were, the	the	PRON	more	ADV	 more
Their problems still not behind them, the group was signed to Geffen Records and began working on a comeback. Despite the band signing on to a new record company, the band's old label Columbia continued to reap the benefits of Aerosmith's comeback, releasing the	the	DET	live	ADJ	 live
Upon entering the ring, Carey stood unopposed for more than half a minute, but after the next entrant Kane refused a monetary bribe, Carey eliminated himself from the match by jumping over the top rope and retreated from ringside. On April 2, 2011, Carey	Carey	PROPN	was	AUX	 was
Acting brigade commander again during the Second Battle of Bullecourt in May, Mackay was mentioned in despatches for the third time, and awarded a bar to his Distinguished Service Order. His citation read: For conspicuous gallantry and devotion to duty. While acting as brigadier,	,	PUNCT	when	SCONJ	 when
Though he had formally retired as a teacher to join the Daily Governance Body, from the 1960s Soeman was involved with several education foundations. He served as general director of the Institutions of Islamic Education Foundation as well as the chairman of the Setia Dharma managing board,	,	PUNCT	the	DET	 the
Although she was assigned to the Home Fleet, the ship was detached as part of the Mediterranean Fleet to enforce the arms blockade imposed by Britain and France on both sides during the Spanish Civil War of 1936 – 39. Several weeks after the start of the Second	Second	PROPN	World	PROPN	 World
A large family, it also included a " Granby Elephant " weight influenced by Gill Kayo. Another similar but more eccentric design was created by Johnston's student Harold Curwen for the use of his family company, the Curwen Press of Plaistow. Named " Curwen Sans	Sans	PROPN	"	PUNCT	 "
The staff planned on switching it to a format that would emphasize comedy more than the game and feature a host other than Philbin, but in the end, the primetime show was canceled, with its final episode airing on June 27, 2002. In 2001,	,	PUNCT	Millionaire	PROPN	 Millionaire
The ship was powered by a pair of vertical triple expansion engines each driving a screw propeller. The engines were rated at 5,100 indicated horsepower (3,800 kW) for a top speed of 21 knots (39 km / h; 24 mph); Berk i Satvet	Satvet	PROPN	had	VERB	 had
The Yukon Quest's rules allow race officials latitude on whether to assess a time penalty or monetary fine on mushers who violate one or more regulations. The most serious penalties can be assessed for mistreating dogs. Racers have been forcibly removed from the race for inadequate dog	dog	NOUN	care	NOUN	 care
Located on the banks of the Mississippi River on the second Chickasaw Bluff, the topology of Randolph provided for an ideal harbor for steamboats and flatboats at all stages of the river. Randolph became the center of steamboat commerce in Tennessee and an important cotton shipping point in	in	ADP	the	DET	 the
This had largely disappeared until a new garden was laid out by garden designer Gertrude Jekyll (1843 — 1932) in an Arts and Crafts style. It now contains walled kitchen gardens, fruit orchards and ornamental gardens. The estate had been occupied since the 11th century	century	NOUN	and	CCONJ	 and
There was much discussion among members about the appropriateness of using the expression " cleared the neighbourhood " instead of the earlier reference to " dominant body ", and about the implications of the definition for satellites. The Resolution was ultimately approved by a near unanimous vote.	.	PUNCT	Resolution	NOUN	 Resolution
In 728 a large scale uprising, coupled with a Turgesh invasion, led to the abandonment of most of Transoxiana except for the region around Samarkand by the Caliphate's forces. In the hope of reversing the situation, in early 730 the Caliph Hisham ibn Abd al	al	PROPN	Malik	PROPN	 Malik
He underwent surgery with Dr. Lloyd Youngblood to repair them approximately a week later. Following the surgery, Helms was announced to be out for a year and a half due to the injury. Helms returned on the September 19, 2008, episode of SmackDown in a	a	DET	non	ADJ	 non
He has played in Major League Baseball (MLB) for the San Diego Padres from 2009 through 2011, the Cincinnati Reds from 2012 through 2014, and the Miami Marlins, Los Angeles Dodgers and Los Angeles Angels of Anaheim in 2015 and Chicago White Sox in 2016	2016	NUM	.	PUNCT	.
She worked with the concept, however, expanding the storyline with elements of war, politics, revenge, doomed love, and religious conflict. Although the original plan was a stand alone novel, enough material was created for several books, and the publisher decided on	on	ADP	a	DET	 a
The ships took part in the Battle of Elli, the first Ottoman surface action involving major warships since the Russo Turkish War, on 16 December 1912. The Ottoman fleet sortied from the Dardanelles at 9: 30; the smaller craft remained at the mouth of the	the	DET	straits	NOUN	 straits
While the classic Western dichotomy of men associated with exteriors and women with interiors is apparent, so too is Brandon's border crossing. He appears to be able to easily handle both landscapes, yet belong to neither. Dando compared the film to other tragic books and	and	CCONJ	films	NOUN	 films
" Despite the general praise for the episode, however, the two slightly criticized the ending, calling the final scene " rushed. " Todd VanDerWerff of The A.V. Club awarded the episode a " B + " and called it " a solid example of the show	show	NOUN	’	PUNCT	 ’
Victor Ochen, founder and director of Ugandan rehabilitation NGO Ayinet, said that campaign " to promote [Kony] or make him famous " is " offensive ", in part because of the Cover the Night event's date (an anniversary of the Atiak massacre by	by	ADP	the	DET	 the
The ships were also armed with eight deck mounted torpedo tubes and approximately 60 mines. The ships were to have been protected with Krupp and Wotan, Hart (" Wotan ", Hard) armor plating. The class decks were 20 mm thick, with 35 mm	mm	NUM	thick	ADJ	 thick
The color of the sputum or nasal secretion may vary from clear to yellow to green and does not indicate the class of agent causing the infection. A cold usually begins with fatigue, a feeling of being chilled, sneezing, and a headache, followed in a	a	DET	couple	NOUN	 couple
Above the JCR are three floors of new student rooms. The two rooms of the old JCR, each of which contain war memorials, have been converted into seminar and meeting rooms, and are now known as the Harold Wilson Room and the Memorial Room. The	The	DET	Fellows	PROPN	 Fellows
The next trunkline to be designated M 39 was Schaefer Highway in 1939, running north – south from US 25 (Dix Avenue) in Melvindale to US 16 (Grand River Avenue) in western Detroit. Since M 39 was moved to Southfield Road in the end	end	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
In 1929, he played for the " Magallanes " a team in Venezuela where he played as a pitcher and outfielder. Four of his teammates, who now had homes in Caracas, had played with him in the Puerto Rican league. After having a solid performance	performance	NOUN	in	ADP	 in
Several elements of this coda appear in the officially released " Revolution 9 ". Throughout the body of that song, Lennon's histrionic vocal track periodically appears (albeit minus the speed distortion), as do the tape loops. After the band track ends, the	the	DET	song	NOUN	 song
She reasoned that her father, in his mid fifties and not particularly robust, had been killed immediately after they were separated. With the other females not selected for immediate death, Frank was forced to strip naked to be disinfected, had her head shaved, and	and	CCONJ	was	AUX	 was
Dalton returned to complete the tour and ex – Pretty Things keyboardist Gordon John Edwards joined the band. In May 1978, Misfits, the Kinks ' second Arista album, was released. It included the US Top 40 hit " A Rock ' n ' Roll Fantasy	Fantasy	PROPN	"	PUNCT	 "
A posse led by Captain Williams found Bill Bunton at his Cottonwood Ranch on the Ruby River and hanged him on January 18, 1864. After the Bunton execution, the vigilante companies regrouped and made a 90 mile (140 km) ride to Hell Gate, Montana	Montana	PROPN	where	SCONJ	 where
According to the Victoria Cross citation, he brought in " many more wounded men " throughout the day under similarly perilous conditions " regardless of personal risk ". Recounting his own rescue by Smith to a Daily Mail correspondent, Sergeant Rooke said of the corporal: "	"	PUNCT	He	PRON	 He
Scott Adsit as Pete Hornberger is the " sane ", quick witted producer of TGS, who often reveals embarrassing details about his family life. Judah Friedlander as Frank Rossitano is a trucker hat wearing, manchildish, sarcastic writer at TGS. His hat bears a different	different	ADJ	phrase	NOUN	 phrase
Virginia Tech's turnaround from a 2 – 8 – 1 season in 1992 was the largest single season turnaround in school history and was the second best in the country that year. Tech hoped to improve upon a 1 – 4 all time record in bowl games,	,	PUNCT	while	SCONJ	 while
Airbus A319 aircraft have a full economy 144 seat configuration. Air India serves meals on all international flights and domestic flights with a flight duration of over 90 minutes. Air India aircraft are equipped with Thales i3000 in flight entertainment system. Passengers can choose from five channels	channels	NOUN	airing	VERB	 airing
In October 2010, Lindelof submitted his rewritten screenplay to Fox. Scott had initially requested a $250 million budget and an adult oriented project, but Fox was reluctant to invest this amount of money, and wanted to ensure the film would receive a lower age rating	rating	NOUN	to	PART	 to
The tropical wave continued to move rapidly to the west northwest, until it reached the western Caribbean Sea. While south of Cuba and through the Cayman Islands, the system slowed down to regenerate convection, and it re developed into a tropical depression on August 8.	.	PUNCT	Operationally	ADV	 Operationally
When the 2014 Setanta Sports Cup was confirmed in December 2013, the club opted not to enter the competition, citing inconvenient fixture scheduling, reduced prize money, and the difficulty faced by Linfield supporters attending away games as the reasons behind their withdrawal. However, the	the	DET	club	NOUN	 club
The total length of Highway 3 is 259.2 km (161.1 mi), consisting of 50.2 km (31.2 mi) from Windsor to Leamington, 187.9 km (116.8 mi) from Talbotville Royal to Port Colborne and 21.1 km (13.1 mi) from Port Colborne to	to	ADP	Edgewood	PROPN	 Edgewood
On weekdays, express service to St. George is provided between 6: 15 a.m. and 8: 15 a.m. and to Tottenville from 7: 01 a.m. to 8: 01 a.m. and 4: 01 p.m. to 7: 51 p.m. Morning express trains run non stop between	between	ADP	St.	PROPN	 St.
She died when her carriage crashed against a tree as she approached the house for the first time. Crain remarried, but his second wife died in the house from a fall down the stairs. Crain's daughter Abigail lived in the house for the rest of her	her	PRON	life	NOUN	 life
Parsons ' sentence was decided by a jury. Parsons said that he was defending himself with a four inch knife when Ernest grabbed his leg and thought that Ernest's multiple wounds were " superficial. " Parsons was unable to present evidence to corroborate his claim of a	a	DET	sexual	ADJ	 sexual
" Bill Drummond and Jimmy Cauty were responsible for the concept and production of 1987, its lyrics and the TR 808 beatbox rhythms. Drummond provided rap, and an additional rapper introduced as ' Chike ' appears on " Don't Take Five (Take What You Want	Want	VERB	)	PUNCT	)
In 2012 it was released again on vinyl by AMS Records (Italy). Tenebrae had a wide theatrical release throughout Italy and mainland Europe, something the director very much needed after having suffered major distribution problems with his previous film, Inferno. Released on 28 October	October	PROPN	1982	NUM	 1982
Another tale says after Surpanaka's destruction, Shiva wishes to see Mohini and mesmerized by her looks, has union with her resulting in the birth of Ayyapppa. Kanda Puranam narrates about the birth of Shasta identified with Aiyanar. The text tells just before the tale that	that	PRON	Vishnu	PROPN	 Vishnu
The Simpsons creator Matt Groening said of the guest appearance: " We were so excited that we got Ringo Starr coming in to do the show and we recorded him over at the Complex in West Los Angeles. We were given a list of rules about what we	we	PRON	could	AUX	 could
He said he wanted to be a hero like the comic characters. As a child, he was accustomed to seeing gunmen near his home, and played las guerritas (" war games ") for fun. While playing the game, he often pretended to be	be	AUX	dead	ADJ	 dead
With London's churchyards and burial grounds no longer used for new burials, in 1858 it was decided to convert the churchyard of St Botolph's Aldersgate to a public park. On 30 November 1858, the Churchwardens of St Botolph's Aldersgate announced that: The Churchwardens	Churchwardens	PROPN	of	ADP	 of
Tatanka came out and attacked Diesel, which resulted in Diesel retaining the championship via disqualification. Tatanka, along with DiBiase, attacked Diesel. Sid attempted to perform a powerbomb, but Bam Bam Bigelow ran to the ring, forcing the villains to go to the outside	outside	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
A three part series, Halo: Initiation was released August 2013 with Brian Reed returning as writer. Also announced was Halo: Escalation, an ongoing comic series covering the period directly after Halo 4. In 2005, Columbia Pictures president Peter Schlessel began working outside the	the	DET	studio	NOUN	 studio
Her work was mainly with poor women, many of whom lived in unsanitary conditions and had inadequate diets. Mary joined the Melbourne District Nursing Society in 1931 and was its vice president from 1943 to 1953. She banded together with George Simpson and Victor Wallace to establish	establish	VERB	the	DET	 the
The flotilla's second success was the night of 19 / 20 December 1941, again in the North Sea off the Dutch coast, when two boats engaged two R boats and one E boat. They passed twice at high speed before losing contact, but twice during	during	ADP	the	DET	 the
A writer for the BBC said that he lives " like there's no tomorrow ", and makes decisions based on the results of a coin flip. The coin, described as " lucky ", is inspired by the Bollywood film Sholay, in which two friends	friends	NOUN	make	VERB	 make
The military also published a magazine, Flugsport (Flight Sport), to encourage an interest in aviation and began a series of glider competitions around the country. Galland had learned the basic laws of flight and how everything worked on paper but he found they did not	not	PART	always	ADV	 always
This period also saw considerable restoration of existing houses. During the First World War the government became increasingly aware of Scotland's housing problems, particularly after the Glasgow rent strike of 1915. A royal commission of 1917 reported on the " unspeakably filthy privy middens in many	many	ADJ	of	ADP	 of
At 8: 30 pm he called the Clermont to check on a reservation for dinner with Greville Howard and friends. Howard had called him at 5: 15 pm and asked if he wished to come to the theatre, but Lucan had declined and made the alternative	alternative	ADJ	suggestion	NOUN	 suggestion
To implement this plan, a new government agency, the National Institute of Agrarian Reform (INRA), was established to administer the new Agrarian Reform law. INRA quickly became the most important governing body in the nation, with Guevara serving as its head in his	his	PRON	capacity	NOUN	 capacity
The individual could also have them trimmed to reflect his militia un it, his Non commissioned officer status, or as a personal flare, to the ubiquitous service pants. Noncommissioned officers were to wear on their outer seams a one and one quarter inch cotton stripe or	or	CCONJ	braid	NOUN	 braid
On 30 April, Roger Bigod marched into Westminster in the middle of the King's parliament, backed by his co conspirators, and carried out a coup d'état. Henry, fearful that he was about to be arrested and imprisoned, agreed to abandon his policy of	of	ADP	personal	ADJ	 personal
The road travels eastward until reaching Livingston County and the village of Caledonia. NY 5 heads southeast from the village of Caledonia, paralleling the former right of way of an Erie – Lackawanna Railroad branch line that connected the villages of Caledonia and Avon as it heads through	through	ADP	spacious	ADJ	 spacious
In Game 1, Herb Pennock pitched the Yanks to a 2 – 1 win over the Cards. In Game 2, pitcher Grover Cleveland Alexander evened the Series for the Cards with a 6 – 2 victory. Knuckleballer Jesse Haines ' complete game shutout in Game 3	3	NUM	gave	VERB	 gave
He later said in 1975, " When I took my obligation as a master mason — incidentally, with my three younger brothers — I recalled the value my own father attached to that order. But I had no idea that I would ever be added to the	the	DET	company	NOUN	 company
The Ottonian rulers (919 – 1024) consolidated several major duchies and the German king Otto I was crowned Holy Roman Emperor of these regions in 962. In 996 Gregory V became the first German Pope, appointed by his cousin Otto III, whom he shortly after	after	ADP	crowned	VERB	 crowned
Carey also featured the song as the ninth in the setlist for her 2015 Las Vegas residency, Mariah Carey Number 1's. " Fantasy " exemplified how a music sample could be transformed " into a fully realized pop masterpiece ". The song and its remix arguably	arguably	ADV	remains	VERB	 remains
Halsey, in his comments on Wright's report, placed much of the blame for the defeat on Cole, saying that the destroyer squadron commander fired his torpedoes from too great a distance to be effective and should have " helped " the cruisers instead of circling around	around	ADP	Savo	PROPN	 Savo
His retirement was marred by family tragedies. His son James was dismissed from the Army in 1947 for conduct unbecoming an officer and a gentleman. His wife's health deteriorated, and she died of cancer in 1956. His daughter Dorothy stabbed her husband to death in	in	ADP	1952	NUM	 1952
Shrewsbury Town's achievements include winning the Welsh Cup six times, a record for an English club, a 10 year run in the old Second Division now known as The Championship from 1979 until 1989, a Third Division Championship in 1979, a Division 3 Championship and	and	CCONJ	victory	NOUN	 victory
He managed to inform Lyautey and Henrys of the situation by telegraph before the town came under siege from the Zaians. Henrys determined to act quickly against the Zaians to prevent Laverdure's defeat from jeopardising the French presence in Morocco, dispatching Garnier Duplessix's groupe mobile to	to	ADP	Khénifra	PROPN	 Khénifra
The five were members in one of the school's two bands; Phillips and Rutherford were in The Anon with singer Richard MacPhail, bassist Rivers Jobe, and drummer Rob Tyrell, while Gabriel, Banks, and Stewart made up Garden Wall. In January 1967,	,	PUNCT	after	SCONJ	 after
In reality Walter fitz Alan was the son of Alan fitz Flaad, a Breton knight. Unlike his sources, Shakespeare gives Banquo no role in the King's murder, making it a deed committed solely by Macbeth and his wife. Why Shakespeare's Banquo is so	so	ADV	different	ADJ	 different
Sonic, Tails, Amy and Knuckles use their Chaos Emerald to track down the other six. They infiltrate Eggman's base, boarding his shuttle as it launches into space. Knuckles ' Emerald shards are spilled along the way, and he leaves to collect them.	.	PUNCT	He	PRON	 He
The waters, however, had little effect, and James II died of a seizure on 16 September 1701. Louis XIV, in contravention of the Peace of Ryswick, declared James Francis Edward King of England, Ireland and Scotland as James III and VIII. This	This	DET	act	NOUN	 act
The Buddhist temple Pushparamaya Vihara is a post 19th century CE addition. The Ganesha temple, located to the south west of the main temple is the newest amongst the Hindu temples and was built during the early 19th century by artisans from South India. Munneswaram, along	along	ADP	with	ADP	 with
… The First Amendment, which the Fourteenth makes applicable to the states, declares that ' Congress shall make no law respecting an establishment of religion, or prohibiting the free exercise thereof; or abridging the freedom of speech, or of the press.... ' … It	It	PRON	could	AUX	 could
The 4th Light Horse Brigade had been detached to various escort and guard duties. The 4th Light Horse Regiment served as escort to the Desert Mounted Corps ' headquarters, while the 11th Light Horse Regiment escorted divisional transport. The remainder of the brigade moved to Liktera at	at	ADP	03	NUM	 03
From the pound down to the scruple, the English apothecaries ' system was a subset of the Roman weight system except that the troy pound and its subdivisions were slightly heavier than the Roman pound and its subdivisions. Similar systems were used all over Europe, but with	with	ADP	considerable	ADJ	 considerable
" In the track's first draft, the drum parts and chord progression were developed first. Holy Ghost! traveled to Los Angeles to work with DJ and production duo Oliver on the song, but with little success in making the type of track Holy Ghost!	!	PUNCT	wanted	VERB	 wanted
She also appeared on American television programs such as The Rosie O'Donnell Show, Sessions at West 54th and received a CNN WorldBeat interview; she was also given coverage in printed media like Rolling Stone and Billboard. However, Snow on the Sahara was not much of a	a	DET	commercial	ADJ	 commercial
" Spice Up Your Life " had its premiere in the UK on 27 September 1997, on the BBC's National Lottery programme, which attracted more than nine million viewers. The song was subsequently performed many times on television, in both Europe and the US,	,	PUNCT	including	VERB	 including
Hamilton then received two letters on December 15, 1791, one from both Mr. and Mrs. Reynolds. The first letter was Maria warning of her husband's knowledge and of James attempting to blackmail Hamilton. By this point Hamilton contemplated ending the relationship, and briefly ceased	ceased	VERB	to	PART	 to
It is unclear whether these people are best treated with penicillamine or zinc acetate. Physiotherapy and occupational therapy are beneficial for patients with the neurologic form of the disease. The copper chelating treatment may take up to six months to start working, and these therapies can assist	assist	VERB	in	ADP	 in
The school was founded in 1906 to promote the progressive educational theories developed by John Dewey and other turn of the 20th century philosophers, and was a nationally recognized model for progressive education well into the 1940s. From 1943 to 1965, Avery Coonley was part of the	the	DET	National	PROPN	 National
However, while they are speaking, a group of troublemakers appear and shoot paintballs at Veronica and the married couple. The husband acquiesces to allow Veronica to investigate both incidents further. Keith, as acting Sheriff, is called in to look into a case involving a	a	DET	19	NUM	 19
Dried fungal spores of a Metarhizium species sprayed in breeding areas pierce the locust exoskeleton on germination and invade the body cavity, causing death. The fungus is passed from insect to insect and persists in the area, making repeated treatments unnecessary. This approach to locust control	control	NOUN	was	AUX	 was
One such demo became a song for two bands, recorded as " Footsteps " by Pearl Jam and " Times of Trouble " by Temple of the Dog. The idea of doing covers of Wood's solo material also came up but was abandoned quickly, as they	they	PRON	realized	VERB	 realized
After they made Carrier dig his own grave, they fatally shot him. On January 6, white train conductors John and William Bryce managed the evacuation of some black residents to Gainesville. The brothers were independently wealthy Cedar Key residents who had an affinity for trains.	.	PUNCT	They	PRON	 They
During the peak of the storm, police officials advised citizens to remain indoors away from harm, though there were several reports of looting throughout the territory. On the island, the storm's damage totaled over $200,000 (2006 USD). Shortly after the storm	storm	NOUN	passed	VERB	 passed
She quickly quipped " At least it's a fruit pie. " An image of her covered with the pastry appeared on the front page of The New York Times the next day. In December 1977, however, a petition drive was organized by Temple Baptist Church	Church	PROPN	to	PART	 to
Hypertension can also be caused by endocrine conditions, such as Cushing's syndrome, hyperthyroidism, hypothyroidism, acromegaly, Conn's syndrome or hyperaldosteronism, hyperparathyroidism and pheochromocytoma. Other causes of secondary hypertension include obesity, sleep apnea, pregnancy, coarctation of the aorta, excessive	excessive	ADJ	liquorice	NOUN	 liquorice
At a later stage, Livezeanu remarks, Tzara reinterpreted Dada and Surrealism as revolutionary currents, and presented them as such to the public. This stance she contrasts with that of Breton, who was more reserved in his attitudes. During World War II, Tzara took	took	VERB	refuge	NOUN	 refuge
Upon reaching peak strength, forecasters at the National Hurricane Center predicted Hurricane Sergio to intensify further to reach winds of 120 mph (195 km / h). Shortly after peaking, the hurricane turned to the north and gradually weakened as wind shear from an upper level	level	NOUN	trough	ADV	 trough
New manager Jack Barker lasted just eight months until he was replaced by former Leeds United player Jack Milburn upon the resumption of league football in 1946. Milburn led City to fifth position in his first season but only lasted another season himself. With only one team promoted	promoted	VERB	from	ADP	 from
Delgrego charged Yoshi's Island with perfecting the genre, calling it " perhaps the greatest platformer of all time ". The game has sold over four million copies. Both contemporaneous and retrospective reviewers offered lavish praise for the game's aesthetics, level design, and gameplay	gameplay	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
On March 2, 2014, its 101st day of release, it surpassed the $1 billion mark, becoming the eighteenth film in cinematic history, the seventh Disney distributed film, the fifth non sequel film, the second Disney distributed film in 2013 (after Iron	Iron	PROPN	Man	PROPN	 Man
The roof of the square shaped structure is constructed of both metal and tile. Stone is used for architectural accents of lintels and cornices on the exterior. The building remains connected to the neighboring former offices of the YWCA, which is a Pietro Belluschi designed building also	also	ADV	owned	VERB	 owned
These objects are known as brown dwarfs and represent the lower end of the stellar mass scale. Stars that are too large become unstable and explode in a supernova. Part of the SIM's mission is to provide pinpoint measurements for the two extremes in stellar mass and	and	CCONJ	evolution	NOUN	 evolution
Four of the final six test firings were of the two stage vehicle; these were considered completely successful, and established that the ALBM was a viable weapon. The final test launch of Bold Orion, conducted on October 13, 1959, was a test of the	the	DET	vehicle	NOUN	 vehicle
In 1985, almost no country in the world had a women's national football team, including Sierra Leone who did not play their first matches until around 1994 when they participated in the qualification phase of the 1995 FIFA Women's World Cup. In a game in	in	ADP	Nigeria	PROPN	 Nigeria
She goes to Rita's house and drugs the babysitter in order to abduct the children. When Dexter realizes that Astor and Cody are missing, he goes to Lila's apartment. She starts a fire and locks the three of them inside. Rita calls Debra for	for	ADP	help	NOUN	 help
On August 7, a tropical depression formed from a tropical wave a few hundred miles south of Baja California. It became Tropical Storm Hector quickly, and as it paralleled the coast of Mexico, it began to weaken, dissipating on August 10. No damage was	was	AUX	reported	VERB	 reported
" Jonathan Keefe of Slant felt nobody else could sell the song's " ginormous chorus " better than Clarkson. Lyrically, " Stronger " explores the theme of moving on from an inimical relationship. In an interview, Clarkson remarked that the song doesn't refer to	to	ADP	a	DET	 a
This complicates the task of compensating for leans induced by the environment. Examination of the eigenvalues for bicycles with common geometries and mass distributions shows that when moving in reverse, so as to have rear wheel steering, they are inherently unstable. Other, purpose built designs	designs	NOUN	have	AUX	 have
Both players earned first team Detroit Free Press All State honors. However, a poll of 14 experts selected Bettis first team all Midwest (Big Ten States of Illinois, Indiana, Iowa, Michigan, Minnesota, Ohio and Wisconsin because Penn State had not yet joined	joined	VERB	the	DET	 the
Constructively, Timbaland and his team, including Jim Beanz, Raphael Saadiq, and others, compose the series ' songs based on material given to them by the show's writing team per each episode. In February 2016, Timbaland regrouped with Missy Elliott once more to	to	PART	produce	VERB	 produce
" Helping Hand ", along with the eight episode's from Body of Proof's first season, were released on a two disc DVD set in the United States on September 20, 2011. The sets included brief audio commentaries from various crew and cast members for	for	ADP	several	ADJ	 several
The third instalment of the Banjo Kazooie series, it was released for the Xbox 360 worldwide in November 2008. The game takes place eight years after the events of Banjo Tooie, and marks the return of series antagonist Gruntilda, who plans to take over Spiral Mountain	Mountain	PROPN	.	PUNCT	.
Evans also clashed with Henry Grady, a judge from North Carolina who served in the Klan from 1922 to 1927, reaching the rank of Grand Dragon. Before Evans gained control of the Klan, Grady had been considered a potential successor to Simmons. After Grady dismissed	dismissed	VERB	a	DET	 a
The first issue of Amazing Stories Quarterly contained a reprint of H. G. Wells ' novel When the Sleeper Wakes, though for some reason Wells did not provide Gernsback with the revised text published in 1910 under the title The Sleeper Awakes; the text printed was that of	of	ADP	the	DET	 the
Aramaic became the common language in the north, in Galilee and Samaria. Hebrew remained in use in Judah; however the returning exiles brought back Aramaic influence, and Aramaic was used for communicating with other ethnic groups during the Persian period. Alexander conquered Judah in 332	332	NUM	BCE	PROPN	 BCE
While students at the class usually worked from a single model, Etty would occasionally arrange for " a Treat ", in which a group of models would be used to create an entire composition for the students to sketch (often arranged in poses derived from Old Master	Master	PROPN	paintings	NOUN	 paintings
These works were known as the Eastern Parkway. These plans were then given the go ahead in a report tabled on 5 May 1987, the estimated costs were $50 million including upgrades to other nearby roadways. Around the same time period a large service centre was	was	AUX	proposed	VERB	 proposed
It stems from the 1966 Miranda v. Arizona case, and is based primarily on the Fifth Amendment right against self incrimination. If a defendant in custody is not notified of their rights via a Miranda warning, any confession they give may not be admissible in court.	.	PUNCT	If	SCONJ	 If
Kahne was delighted with his victory and thanked the people who worked on his car's transmission and rear end: " We had a great car. It was unbelievable all night. I slammed it into second gear at the end of pit road one time and I	I	PRON	thought	VERB	 thought
Saint Joan (1923) drew widespread praise both for Shaw and for Sybil Thorndike, for whom he wrote the title role and who created the part in Britain. In the view of the commentator Nicholas Grene, Shaw's Joan, a " no nonsense mystic,	,	PUNCT	Protestant	ADJ	 Protestant
It served as the terminus of the 1,067 mm (3 ft 6 in) gauge Flekkefjord Line from 1904 to 1990. The station building was designed by Paul Armin Due and was built in brick Art Nouveau. The station was important for transport along the coast until	until	ADP	1944	NUM	 1944
Management attacks Scudder, leading to Ben killing Management to protect him. Scudder flees and moments later, escaped convict Stroud kidnaps him and brings him to Brother Justin. Brother Justin anticipates Scudder's renewed escape and decapitates him. Played by Michael Massee and Vladislav Kozlov (	(	PUNCT	Russian	ADJ	Russian
During his years at graduate school in the late 1940s, Murray Rothbard considered whether a strict laissez faire policy would require that private police agencies replace government protective services. He visited Baldy Harper, a founder of the Foundation for Economic Education, who doubted the need for	for	ADP	any	DET	 any
Its remnants later crossed the International Dateline and dissipated over the Gulf of Alaska on December 10. Ophelia devastated much of Ulithi during its passage, damaging or destroying most structures and killing two people. Agriculture across the area was decimated and geographic changes to coastlines were noted	noted	VERB	.	PUNCT	.
It was not until 1261 that Henry was able to move against the opposition. Receiving a papal annulment of the provisions, he reassumed control of government. Over the next two years, however, Henry's governing deteriorated the situation once more. He failed to reconcile	reconcile	VERB	with	ADP	 with
She received $5,571 in 2009 / 10 and $10,000 in 2012 / 13. Crispin's first national team appearance was in 2006. She was selected to participate in a national team training camp in 2010, and was member of the Australia women's national wheelchair	wheelchair	NOUN	basketball	NOUN	 basketball
Wilco made the EP available online for free to previous purchasers of Sky Blue Sky. Frustrated by the lack of radio airplay received by previous Wilco albums, the band decided to branch out into television advertising. Wilco had previously licensed songs for Telefónica Moviles, and Jeff	Jeff	PROPN	Tweedy	PROPN	 Tweedy
The episode originally aired on NBC on September 27, 2012. The episode guest stars David Denman as Roy Anderson, Michael Patrick McGill as his brother Kenny, Robert R. Shafer as Bob Vance, and Ameenah Kaplan as Val. The series depicts the everyday lives of	of	ADP	office	NOUN	 office
" The dogs of the Place are trained and commanded to control any violent outbursts against the Place's occupants or guests, yet Lad's engaging acceptable targets is written to " glamorize " the use of violence. Throughout the novel, Lad is victorious in battles against	against	ADP	two	NUM	 two
A daily goods train took up to 3 hours 40 minutes for the 39 miles (63 km), the goods to Aberdeen also carried passengers and mail and spared cattle a two day drive to market. Initially there were three passenger services a day taking two hours	hours	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
These behavioral traits are thought to be products of environment as opposed to genetics. However, it is also theorized that there are certain underlying biological reasons for why some members of a wild species are more receptive to domestication than others, and that these differences are then	then	ADV	passed	VERB	 passed
They found a coded address book and copies of letters to and from Mengele. Among the papers was a letter from Bossert notifying Sedlmeier of Mengele's death. German authorities notified the police in São Paulo, who contacted the Bosserts. Under interrogation, they revealed the	the	DET	location	NOUN	 location
Using Dubai as a setting allowed them to incorporate sand as part of the game's key mechanics. Davis described the Dubai in the game as " a mix of fantasy and real world environment ". To prevent the sand mechanics from turning gimmicky, the team introduced	introduced	VERB	multiple	ADJ	 multiple
The company acquired the Burton Brewery Company in 1915. On Manners ' death in 1915, control of the company passed to two of his sons, Arthur (1879 – 1968) and Ernest. Arthur was the architect of the merger with arch rival Bass in 1927	1927	NUM	,	PUNCT	,
" As it flickers to life and slowly ascends to its original place in the rafters, the audience is transported back in time to the year 1870. Back to this time, while the company rehearses for a performance of the grand opera Hannibal, manager Monsieur Lefèvre	Lefèvre	PROPN	announces	VERB	 announces
Nancy decides the only way to end this is to pull Krueger out of their dreams and kill him in reality. Quentin tries to stay awake long enough to pull Nancy out of her dream when she has Krueger, but he falls asleep and is attacked. Krueger	Krueger	PROPN	then	ADV	 then
In 1968, he objected to a description of Middle earth as " Nordic ", a term he said he disliked because of its association with racialist theories. Tolkien criticized Allied use of total war tactics against civilians from Nazi Germany and Imperial Japan. In a 1945	1945	NUM	letter	NOUN	 letter
He gave it back to the XIII year Assembly, with instructions to build primary schools at Tarija, Jujuy, San Miguel de Tucumán, and Santiago del Estero. He laid out a series of instructions about the methods and requirements for the selection of the teachers.	.	PUNCT	However	ADV	 However
Illinois scored first midway through the first quarter with a 3 yard TD run by Arrelious Benn. Michigan tied it up with a 2 yard TD run by Carlos Brown. The Wolverines kicked two field goals in the second quarter, from 29 and 42 yards out respectively	respectively	ADV	,	PUNCT	,
The DVD was released on March 9, 2004 in widescreen and fullscreen editions, on a double sided disc with the feature film beginning on side A and continuing on side B. Special features include a documentary introduced by Spielberg. Also released for both formats was a limited	limited	ADJ	edition	NOUN	 edition
Caprica Six and Boomer are next shown conversing with Number Three. While the three move up a stairwell, explosives set by the resistance led by Samuel T. Anders (Michael Trucco) detonate, trapping Anders, Three, Boomer, and Caprica Six in a parking garage	garage	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
As of April 2007, great white sharks were fully protected within 370 kilometers (230 mi) of New Zealand and additionally from fishing by New Zealand flagged boats outside this range. The maximum penalty is a $250,000 fine and up to six months in prison.	.	PUNCT	In	ADP	 In
Despite his lack of formal education, Sadler read many books about history as a child and became a skilled public speaker at a young age. Samuel was a convert to the Seventh day Adventist Church, and William was baptized into the denomination in 1888 and became devoutly	devoutly	ADV	religious	ADJ	 religious
In 1958, the highway was extended to its modern western terminus at Beardsley by replacing another trunk highway. The section that is now an expressway in the Twin Cities was expanded by the 1950s, and the whole highway was paved in a hard surface by the end	end	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
All six legs are attached to the mesosoma (" thorax ") and terminate in a hooked claw. Only reproductive ants, queens, and males, have wings. Queens shed their wings after the nuptial flight, leaving visible stubs, a distinguishing feature of queens	queens	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
Moore could not remember his words at the " Eagle has landed " moment, and the BBC has lost the tapes of the broadcast. A homemade recording reveals that the studio team was very quiet during the landing sequence, leaving the NASA commentary clear of interruptions.	.	PUNCT	Some	DET	 Some
" Given the predominantly British heritage of most Australians at the time, there was considerable support from all corners of the country and large numbers of young Australian men reported to recruiting centres around the country to enlist in the following months. When Prime Minister Andrew Fisher's	's	PART	Labor	PROPN	 Labor
In October 2000, Regan Tamanui founded The Melbourne Stuckists in Melbourne, the fourth Stuckist group to be started and the first one outside the UK. On 27 October 2000, he staged the Real Turner Prize Show at the Dead End Gallery in his home, concurrent	concurrent	ADJ	with	ADP	 with
The 13th was chosen to participate, along with the 17th, 82nd and 101st Airborne Divisions and the British 6th and 1st Airborne Divisions. A preliminary date for 1 May was set for the operation once all of the required airborne and air landed infantry divisions had been	been	AUX	located	VERB	 located
The city is home to the main headquarters of the national broadcaster Radio Television Serbia (RTS), which is a public service broadcaster. The most popular commercial broadcaster is RTV Pink, a Serbian media multinational, known for its popular entertainment programs. One of the	the	DET	most	ADV	 most
Bouck distributed them among the foxholes to help reload magazines and reinforce their position. The German infantry deployed and about two platoons of the 2nd Company, 1st Battalion, then attacked the Americans head on, bunched together in the open and charging straight up the hill,	,	PUNCT	directly	ADV	 directly
The centralized New York City government is responsible for public education, correctional institutions, libraries, public safety, recreational facilities, sanitation, water supply, and welfare services in Manhattan. The office of Borough President was created in the consolidation of 1898 to balance centralization with	with	ADP	local	ADJ	 local
This route was shorter and more practical for artillery, but the trees restricted visibility in all directions, meaning that they were effectively marching blind. Victor was disappointed that Villatte had failed to block the Cádiz road for longer, but he was still confident that his main	main	ADJ	force	NOUN	 force
The Italian fleet commander, Admiral Carlo Pellion di Persano, initially adopted a cautious course of action; he was unwilling to risk battle with the Austrian Navy, despite the fact that the Austrian fleet was much weaker than his own. Persano claimed he was simply waiting	waiting	VERB	on	ADP	 on
Chris Owens had previously portrayed the Cigarette Smoking Man in the episodes, " Musings of a Cigarette Smoking Man " and " Demons ", he had portrayed The Great Mutato in " The Post Modern Prometheus " on the show before being cast as Spender. Owens had	had	AUX	also	ADV	 also
The album was certified platinum in Canada. By 2003 it had sold 120,000 units in Canada, 330,000 in France, and 30,000 in the U.S. After touring in Europe and North America for several years with Lilith Fair, Lhasa moved to France in 1999 to join her	her	PRON	sisters	NOUN	 sisters
Like many scientists, Tizard was sceptical of the likelihood of an atomic bomb being developed, reckoning the odds against success at 100,000 to 1. Even at such long odds, the danger was sufficiently great to be taken seriously. Thomson, at Imperial College London,	,	PUNCT	and	CCONJ	 and
One 1980s mural remains on one of the platforms. The Central line platform works were substantially complete and a new Station Operations Room at top level opened. This enabled the entire CCTV system to be switched over to new recordable digital technology. The original motifs designed by	by	ADP	Hans	PROPN	 Hans
O'Rourke invited Glenn Kotche, a drummer who played in a similar musical style, to the practice session. Tweedy found lyrical inspiration from word exercises; for example, he picked out random words from a copy of TV Guide and formed abstract lines such as " you	you	PRON	boil	VERB	 boil
" According to one publication, a star would know they would finally " made it " when they received a dinner invitation from " Pickfair ". Gloria Swanson resided in one of the bungalows of the hotel during her divorce. In 1915, the Andersons donated a	a	DET	portion	NOUN	 portion
That route originally included the Col d'Izoard, a climb in France which has been featured in the Tour de France numerous times. Race organizers were forced to alter this stage to cover only the Italian side of the Alps rather than also visit France, as there were	were	VERB	concerns	NOUN	 concerns
These are presented from a first person perspective, with the player being able to move between different pre determined positions in each room. To escape, the player is tasked with finding various items and solving puzzles, reminiscent of escape the room games. At some points	points	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
Second World War: South West Pacific 1943 – 45, Liberation of Australian New Guinea, Tambu Bay, Sio, Adele River, Mawaraka, Mivo Ford, and Lae – Nadzab. In 1961, the battalion – although no longer on the Australian Army's order	order	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
" From there, the listener was " free to discover his or her own connotative meanings, including perhaps some not suspected by the author. In the second edition of The New Grove Dictionary of Music and Musicians, Pollack labels Connotations as one of three orchestral works	works	NOUN	that	PRON	 that
The 18yr Nadurra earned a double gold medal at the 2010 San Francisco World Spirits Competition and a score of 94 (out of 100) in the same year from the Beverage Testing Institute. Other notable results include: The Glenlivet 12yr Single Malt: Four silver medals	medals	NOUN	and	CCONJ	 and
Sharon Turner's History of the Anglo Saxons, first published between 1799 and 1805, played a crucial role in promoting Anglo Saxon studies, and he helped to establish Brunanburh as a key battle in English history, but his treatment of Æthelstan was slight in comparison with	with	ADP	Alfred	PROPN	 Alfred
The singer wore a black tuxedo and a top hat to the premiere, the ensemble being a tribute to actress Marlene Dietrich and her similar attire in the 1930 film, Morocco. During the Q & A, Madonna recalled how difficult it was to sometimes perform on	on	ADP	the	DET	 the
With this role, he was able to direct funding to Oregon and research related projects. Several Oregon institutions, buildings and facilities are named in his honor, including the Mark O. Hatfield United States Courthouse in Portland, the Mark O. Hatfield Library at Willamette University (	(	PUNCT	his	PRON	his
And then Godsmack will be back, and we will come back bigger and badder than ever. " In November 2008, Larkin announced that the band would be reforming and recording a new album. The following summer, the band toured as support to Mötley Crüe's	's	PART	Crüe	PROPN	 Crüe
The car's aerodynamics were completed by former Brabham, Fondmetal and Astauto employee Hans Fouche using wind tunnels in South Africa, and composite work was done by the Belco Avia company. However, it was rumoured that the FG01 was little more than a re working of	of	ADP	the	DET	 the
" In addition, an explanation for Chobits's plot was given by Igarashi who stated: " Back then, when our computer had problems all we would get were these inscrutable error messages. However, we had no idea what was wrong because it wouldn't tell	tell	VERB	us	PRON	 us
Fifteen hundred jobs would have been created during the station's construction, and more than 200 full time jobs would have been available once the station was operating. The Environmental Assessment Scoping Report for the proposed station was submitted to the Department of Trade and Industry in 2007	2007	NUM	,	PUNCT	,
The sport also exacerbated tensions at the beginning of the Yugoslav Wars of the 1990s, when a match between Dinamo Zagreb and Red Star Belgrade degenerated into rioting in May 1990. Women may have been playing " football " for as long as the game has existed.	.	PUNCT	Evidence	NOUN	 Evidence
The song was written by Noel Gallagher and produced by Oasis. It was released on 17 May 2002 as the second single from the band's fifth studio album, Heathen Chemistry (2002). Liam Gallagher is the lead vocalist on the track, with Noel on	on	ADP	backing	VERB	 backing
On the defensive side, the Bears looked to contain Redskins quarterback Robert Griffin III and the read option. Additionally, the Redskins recorded 399.2 yards per game, the fourth best in the NFL. In the special teams phase, the Bears ' 23 kick returns were	were	AUX	a	DET	 a
Mirkin said of the Westworld parody: " Again, to show you what a collaboration this is, we had the animators looking at Westworld and making sure of the animation, and then we made sure that [The Simpsons composer] Alf Clausen got the brilliant soundtrack	soundtrack	NOUN	from	ADP	 from
Alexandrov's music was chosen as the new anthem by the Soviet leader Joseph Stalin after a contest in 1943. Stalin praised the song for fulfilling what a national anthem should be, though he criticized the song's orchestration. In response, Alexandrov blamed the problems on	on	ADP	Viktor	PROPN	 Viktor
Along the south of the bailey are the remains of St Peter's, a former 14th century chapel, approximately 21 by 52 feet (6.4 by 15.8 m) in size, later converted to a courthouse by the addition of an extension reaching up to the western	western	ADJ	curtain	NOUN	 curtain
The District of Columbia faced a deadline for September 30, 2015, to use eminent domain to acquire the Akridge land, which forces the club to commit to building a stadium before the city finished purchasing land. On September 30, the District of Columbia filed for	for	ADP	eminent	ADJ	 eminent
However, in Safford Unified School District v. Redding (2009), the Court ruled that school officials violated the Fourth Amendment when they strip searched a 13 year old girl based only on a student claiming to have received drugs from that student. Similarly, in Samson	Samson	PROPN	v.	ADP	 v.
The Turgesh realm collapsed in civil war, leaving the Muslims without a serious opponent in the region. At the same time, Asad's excellent personal relationship with the native nobility strengthened their ties to the Arab government. As Gibb writes, " he was able to	to	PART	attract	VERB	 attract
Rob Corddry plays Moses Taylor, the star of the fictional TV show " Frank Wrench " and a noted gun rights activist. Ben Stiller plays magician and Gob's chief rival Tony Wonder, well known for baking himself into a loaf of bread to feed the troops	troops	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
" Gordon Moran reviewed the book for the Journal of Information Ethics, writing, " In this book, Prof. Curtis... provides a thorough account of the evolution of free speech, in theory and practice, from pre Revolutionary times through the Civil War and the Fourteenth	Fourteenth	PROPN	Amendment	PROPN	 Amendment
It originated due to the resemblance of his last name to the English word " butcher ". Bouchard was determined, strong and developed enough skills to impress coach Dick Irvin in the Canadiens ’ 1940 – 41 training camp after which he was signed as a free agent	agent	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
In 1991, a local land trust purchased the 12 mile (19 km) section of the former rail corridor between New Paltz and Gardiner, and conveyed the New Paltz section to the town and village of New Paltz. The trail was formally opened between New Paltz	Paltz	PROPN	and	CCONJ	 and
Donkey Kong Jr. Math had a poor reception from IGN, with Lucas M. Thomas finding its controls poor and its execution to be bland and flawed, while AU's Cam Shea said it would be " too expensive if it was free ". Shea also included it	it	PRON	on	ADP	 on
Currently, Aberdeen have a minor rivalry with Inverness Caley Thistle, due to the fact both Aberdeen and Inverness are the two largest settlements in the north of Scotland. This is known as the North derby and has arisen since Inverness were first promoted to the SPL in	in	ADP	2004	NUM	 2004
The film was shown in Tennessee, Ohio, Washington, and Pennsylvania. An advertisement in Indiana lists " St. Elmo " in apparent reference to a " great Thanhouser film ". Edwin Thanhouser later stated that there were ten copies of the film at first and the	the	DET	films	NOUN	 films
Homer can only save one raft, and he saves the one containing his family. As Mr. Burns and the executives are about to go over the waterfall, Marlowe rides up on a motorboat and carries Mr. Burns to safety, while the executives fall over the edge	edge	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
Following this, she underwent a year of training exercises between Norfolk and the Caribbean, where she was during the attack on Pearl Harbor, and the entry of the U.S. into World War II. With the war underway, she sailed for the Pacific to join the	the	DET	U.S.	PROPN	 U.S.
John then travels into Hell to try to rescue her soul, with the assistance of Rosacarnis ' father, Nergal. The plan ultimately fails, and John returns broken, and intending to renounce magic. Mike Carey returned to the title for a single issue between Denise	Denise	PROPN	Mina	PROPN	 Mina
The regiment spent the summer of 1780 at King's Ferry, New York. Regimental orderly books show that it was at Morristown, Bryant's Tavern, Ramapo and Preakness between April 23 and July 26. On August 1 the regiment was reassigned from Hand's Brigade	Brigade	PROPN	to	ADP	 to
The Chief Minister's office was also in touch with other rioters Tanmay Mehta, Sanjay Bhavsar and Anil Mukim. Modi and the state government denied any involvement in the riots. On 10 April 2012, the Special Investigation Team cleared Modi and the government in the riot	riot	NOUN	cases	NOUN	 cases
Another change is the folding blade mechanism to stow the helicopters in confined spaces; the rotor blades also have anti ice protection to allow operations in Arctic environments. There were changes made to the sensor and avionics outfitting the craft as well; connectivity with the BOWMAN secure	secure	ADJ	communications	NOUN	 communications
Other sources state that the attack began around 11: 30. The house and its immediate environs were defended by four light companies of Guards, and the wood and park by Hanoverian Jäger and the 1 / 2nd Nassau. The initial attack by Bauduin's brigade emptied	emptied	VERB	the	DET	 the
In the United Kingdom, " Dance in the Dark " debuted on the UK Singles Chart at number 89 on December 12, 2009, but was present on the chart for one week. In Canada, the song charted on the Canadian Hot 100 at number 88	88	NUM	on	ADP	 on
It has additional responsibility for planning and administering scholarships provided by the Government of Singapore. Shelley was involved in interviewing civil servants as well as students seeking scholarships; he wrote a book entitled How to Interview Well and Get that Job! (2004). For service	service	NOUN	to	ADP	 to
Although he had played for eight different clubs, playing his fewest number of games (four) for Millwall, and was signed to Bradford City at the time, the BBC used the headline, " Former Millwall striker Gavin Grant guilty of murder ". The stigma	stigma	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
... Then King [Géza] sent messengers to King [Solomon] with letters setting forth the terms of peace. Messengers passed to and fro, but feelings on this side and that were at variance, and so the reconciliation found no consummation. Meanwhile King [	[	X	Géza	PROPN	Géza
She received frequent promotions during the following years, " working hard and learning the industry inside out ". From 2002 to 2005, Bresch served as Mylan's director of government relations. She contributed to the development of the 2003 Medicare Prescription Drug, Improvement, and	and	CCONJ	Modernization	PROPN	 Modernization
Michael Ealy as Sergeant Bishop Cummings: One of the four soldiers, a womanizer and card player. The character is also known for being arrogant and distrustful, and shows hatred towards his white commanders. Lee stated that the character is “ a happy go lucky guy	guy	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
While participating on the 14 and under USA Baseball team, he played games in Venezuela. At Chaparral High School, Temecula, California, Craig was a two sport standout thlete in baseball and basketball. As a senior in 2002, Craig was recognized in both sports	sports	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
In August 2013, questioned about the sales performance of the Windows version of the game, Boon tweeted that it was " WAY, WAY above expectations ". In February 2011, the game was refused classification by the Australian Classification Board due to " violence that exceeds	exceeds	VERB	strong	ADJ	 strong
Within hours of moving inland, the system turned to the southwest and moved back over water the following morning. The storm was last noted on 20 December well off the coast of Western Australia. Climatologically, the region affected by the floods is a dry area,	,	PUNCT	with	ADP	 with
He dropped out of the indie film While We're Young to star in Oz the Great and Powerful, a Disney prequel to L. Frank Baum's The Wonderful Wizard of Oz (1900). Filming began in July 2011, and the film was released on March	March	PROPN	8	NUM	 8
The college was created in August 2013 from the merger of Adam Smith College, Fife and Carnegie College, Dunfermline. The University of Dundee also has a campus in the town which specialises as a School for Nursing and Midwifery. Originally built by the Fife Health Board	Board	PROPN	for	ADP	 for
In June 1775, the British seized Bunker and Breed's Hills, but their casualties were heavy and their gains were insufficient to break the Continental Army's hold on land access to Boston. Military actions during the remainder of the siege were limited to occasional raids,	,	PUNCT	minor	ADJ	 minor
Anne later hears that Wentworth thought her so altered that he " would not have known [her] again ". Louisa and Henrietta begin to pursue marriage with Wentworth, as the family is unaware of his and Anne's past relationship. Hurt and rejected by Anne	Anne	PROPN	's	PART	's
As the town spread, the area around the landing site became populated by settlers, and visiting Maori relied on the coastal strip as a place to set up their encampments. The southern Commissioner for Crown Lands, Walter Mantell noted the problem and proposed to his superiors	superiors	NOUN	in	ADP	 in
With these additional forces, and the pending onset of winter, Washington had to face the problem of supplying his army. A quarter of the troops were barefooted, and there were very few blankets or warm clothing. Washington became so desperate that he even offered a	a	DET	reward	NOUN	 reward
War memorials, other than on the site of a battle, were relatively unusual until the 19th century, but became increasingly common during it, and after World War I were erected even in villages of the main combatant nations. Islamic funerary art is dominated by architecture	architecture	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
Each had mixed feelings about whether there would be a series commission after the poor reception of the pilot; Ripley did not stop thinking about it, in contrast to Bathurst, who viewed it as just another failed pilot he had done. Following the resolution of Karen	Karen	PROPN	and	CCONJ	 and
The Civil Aviation Authority Regulation Safety Group is in the Aviation House in Gatwick Airport in Crawley. Crawley's early development as a market town was helped by its location on the London – Brighton turnpike. The area was joined to the railway network in the mid 19th	19th	ADJ	century	NOUN	 century
Several variations of the design were submitted, including a yellow jacket design. The yellow jacket was not submitted because to make the insect look mean it would have to be stinging and therefore flying backwards. The interlocking GT was selected during the summer of 1967 and formalized	formalized	VERB	into	ADP	 into
The defences, Partridge and Jenkyns for Small Heath and the Villa backs in particular, had the best of the remaining time, and the match was drawn. After only four games, gate receipts, including the £450 paid by that day's 14,600 spectators,	,	PUNCT	already	ADV	 already
Wallace claimed that because of a typographical error, subsequent references were to " All Blacks ". This account is most likely a myth – because of their black playing strip, the side was probably referred to as the Blacks before they left New Zealand. Even though	though	SCONJ	the	DET	 the
He lived in Money, Mississippi, a small town in the Delta that consisted of three stores, a school, a post office, a cotton gin, and a couple hundred residents, 8 miles (13 km) north of Greenwood. Before Emmett departed for	for	ADP	the	DET	 the
He also created many war cemeteries in Belgium and northern France for the Imperial War Graves Commission. After working and training in Bolton and Manchester, Holden moved to London. His early buildings were influenced by the Arts and Crafts Movement, but for most of his career	career	NOUN	he	PRON	 he
On February 18, 1982, Anthony Mirra, the soldier who first " discovered " Pistone, was assassinated on Massino's orders. Mirra had gone into hiding upon Pistone's exposure but was ultimately betrayed and murdered by his protégé and cousin Joseph D ' Amico.	.	PUNCT	On	ADP	 On
Thus, he was able to join the team following the completion of the fall 2010 semester. The team also announced that Glenn Robinson III, son of Glenn Robinson verbally committed on September 14, 2010 as the first commitment in Michigan ’ s class of 2012.	.	PUNCT	On	ADP	 On
He was given his paternal grandfather's first name and his paternal grandmother's last name. John's father was the son of a wealthy businessman and Prudentia's father was a Welsh clergyman. Although John was trained as a barrister, he did not practise law regularly	regularly	ADV	.	PUNCT	.
Morgan collaborated with her early mentor and teacher Maybeck on plans for an eight story Bavarian Gothic style castle with two great towers and more minor turrets, some 61 bedrooms proposed for Wyntoon's largest building project. Hearst instructed Arthur Byne, his art agent based in Madrid	Madrid	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
In 1989, he joined forces with fellow Merseysiders Gerry Marsden and Holly Johnson to record an updated version of " Ferry Cross the Mersey ", for the Hillsborough disaster appeal fund. That same year, he released Flowers in the Dirt; a collaborative effort with Elvis	Elvis	PROPN	Costello	PROPN	 Costello
" The music popularized the notion of variability — the idea that music can change in accordance with the ongoing narrative. The variable in Space Invaders (tempo) is admittedly simple, but its implications are not to be underestimated. " Over the years, analogous strategies	strategies	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
However, the study noted that the tracks were within the ranges of size and shape expected for Acrocanthosaurus. Because the Glen Rose Formation is close to the Antlers and Twin Mountains Formations in both geographical location and geological age, and the only large theropod known from those	those	DET	formations	NOUN	 formations
He wants to know the theory behind what he's doing. " Tarwater won the 2005 NCAA championship in the 200 yard butterfly. His time of 1: 42.30 was a Michigan and Big Ten record, and the third fastest time in NCAA history. In the	the	DET	100	NUM	 100
Zuel reviewed two of Powderfinger's more recent albums, he described Vulture Street as " a rawer, louder " album in comparison to Odyssey Number Five; it highlighted Fanning's " talent as a lyricist " and stated that it featured guitarists Haug and Middleton " dominating	dominating	VERB	in	ADP	 in
During this time, it maintained good relations with the Nedić administration. While guarding facilities, members of the Corps were largely assigned to manning brick bunkers, protecting the railway in the Ibar River valley, the Bor, Trepča, Majdanpek, and Krupanj mines, as	as	ADV	well	ADV	 well
" Reimer's strong performance was recognized by the league when he was named the NHL's Rookie of the Month for March 2011. Reimer would have become a restricted free agent on July 1, 2011, but he signed a three year contract worth $5.4 million	million	NUM	(	PUNCT	 (
Comparing Richards to Lemon, Bannister said, " He'd post the lineups 10 minutes before the game, and only then we'd find out who was playing and where. Lemon's made it a serious operation. " As late as August 14, the White	White	PROPN	Sox	PROPN	 Sox
Steven Travers, in his history of the Raiders, noted: That Sunday evening at 7: 00 p.m. the family classic Heidi was scheduled. This is the well known story of a little Swiss girl who lives with her grandfather in the [Alps], a	a	DET	staple	NOUN	 staple
Field focused on the meaning of the subject to the jurisdiction thereof phrase of the Citizenship Clause, held that Look was indeed subject to U.S. jurisdiction at the time of his birth despite the alien status of his parents, and on this basis ordered U.S. officials to recognize	recognize	VERB	Look	VERB	 Look
Possibly alerted by allied air and road movements, the communists seemed to be avoiding open combat. Late on the afternoon of 6 June 5 Platoon, B Company located what was thought to be the main communist position, however with nightfall approaching, it was decided not	not	PART	to	PART	 to
In 2012, singer Ericka Lee filed a lawsuit against Drake for the usage of her voice on " Marvins Room ". Claiming to have provided the female vocals, Lee also alleged she was owed songwriting credits and royalties. Despite Drake's legal team countering by claiming	claiming	VERB	that	SCONJ	 that
Approximately 7,000 to 8,000 people protested in about 100 cities worldwide. The protests took place in locations in Australia, Europe, Canada, and the United States. Approximately 200 masked protesters gathered outside the Church of Scientology's headquarters in Adelaide, Australia. An anonymous spokesman	spokesman	NOUN	told	VERB	 told
Richard appears to have started to recognise John as his heir presumptive in the final years before his death, but the matter was not clear cut and medieval law gave little guidance as to how the competing claims should be decided. With Norman law favouring John as the	the	DET	only	ADJ	 only
, which was designed to introduce audiences to the symphony orchestra. In 1994 he directed the " Solti Orchestral Project " at Carnegie Hall, a training workshop for young American musicians. The following year, to mark the 50th anniversary of the United Nations, he formed	formed	VERB	the	DET	 the
Although one of the poorer major network ratings of the night, it constituted a slight increase over the previous week's episode, " The Stakeout ". The episode received a 1.9 rating / 5 share among viewers aged between 18 and 49. The episode received generally	generally	ADV	positive	ADJ	 positive
Kaplan characterises the sentence as Elizabeth's " most important ", and believes its deletion " violates not only the spirit and the essence of Austen's story but the viewer's expectations as well. " After a string of Jane Austen semi adaptions in the late 1990s	1990s	NOUN	and	CCONJ	 and
In the North Pacific, it ranges from 20° N to 23° N latitude in the winter, and from 35° N to 50° N latitude in the summer. Approximately 75% of the North Pacific population lives east of the International Date Line,	,	PUNCT	but	CCONJ	 but
For women who subscribed to this philosophy — dubbing themselves lesbian feminists — lesbian was a term chosen by women to describe any woman who dedicated her approach to social interaction and political motivation to the welfare of women. Sexual desire was not the defining characteristic of a lesbian	lesbian	ADJ	feminist	NOUN	 feminist
Housing damage was estimated at P1.2 billion (PHP, $22 million USD), most of which in the Cagayan Valley. Overall damage in the country was estimated at about P4.7 billion (PHP, $86 million USD). Of the total, about P1.9	P1.9	PROPN	billion	NUM	 billion
Digital Spy editor Nick Levine gave the single a four out of five stars rating, writing that " on first listen, it feels a bit too ordinary to be trailing such a potentially audacious long player. However, after a few spins it becomes clear that this	this	PRON	is	AUX	 is
I really enjoyed having something... that I had wanted and gone out and taken. " Possession proved to be an important motive for rape and murder as well. Sexual assault, he said, fulfilled his need to " totally possess " his victims. At first	first	ADV	he	PRON	 he
The road then turns eastward on Avoca Road near Tackaberry Airport and heads toward Avoca. The trunkline continues in this direction through farm fields and the community of Avoca before turning southward on Glyshaw Road near the Black River. M 136 turns east, returning to Beard Road	Road	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
The session took place at Electric Lady Studios, the recording studio originally built by influential rock musician Jimi Hendrix. " Untitled (How Does It Feel) " follows a six eight signature, while drum pattern, bass line, guitar and melodic phrasing feature traditional arrangements	arrangements	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
Released three weeks later with DuBois and Powell as producers, Diamond Rio was met with positive critical reception from critics such as Allmusic, Chicago Tribune, and Entertainment Weekly, which praised the band's vocal harmonies, instrumentation, and song choices. Four more singles were	were	AUX	released	VERB	 released
However, the portion between NY 362 and NY 19 was in the process of being built. NY 78's early routing was identical to its modern alignment except from East Aurora to Depew. Initially, NY 78 headed north from East Aurora to Lancaster by way of	of	ADP	Maple	PROPN	 Maple
Among living Triaenops species, it is smaller than T. persicus and T. afer, but somewhat larger than T. parvus. The extinct Triaenops goodmani, which is known only from three mandibles (lower jaws), is also larger. In the complexly shaped noseleaf (a	a	DET	group	NOUN	 group
Grayling, small heath and common blue butterflies can be found in the dunes, where there is also a large antlion colony, making Holkham one of only two locations for this predatory insect in the UK. Dragonflies include the migrant hawker, southern hawker and ruddy darter	darter	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
Their best away win was on 22 October 1921, when they beat Durham City 7 – 3 in the Third Division North. The player with the most league appearances for Darlington is Ron Greener with 439 between 1955 and 1967. He made a total of 490 senior	senior	ADJ	appearances	NOUN	 appearances
" The record figured in several publications ' end of year best album lists for 2008 — notably, at number 14 by Gigwise, at number 36 by Drowned in Sound, and at number 49 by NME. All songs written and composed by Bloc Party. The	The	DET	download	NOUN	 download
The personal rivalry between McClernand and Grant continued after Vicksburg, until Grant removed McClernand from command when he contravened Grant by publishing an order without permission. When Secretary of War Edwin M. Stanton suggested Grant be brought back east to run the Army of the Potomac, Grant	Grant	PROPN	demurred	VERB	 demurred
Critics noted that both videos were filmed in the United Kingdom and caused controversy there, both contain scenes of sex, violence, and crime, and both featured " bad boy " stereotypes and evoke the personal lives of the artists. Katherine St Asaph of PopDust noted	noted	VERB	that	SCONJ	 that
The Book of the Dead first developed in Thebes towards the beginning of the Second Intermediate Period, around 1700 BCE. The earliest known occurrence of the spells included in the Book of the Dead is from the coffin of Queen Mentuhotep, of the 13th dynasty, where	where	SCONJ	the	DET	 the
Catherine and Frederick declared their support for the szlachta and their " liberties ", and by October 1767 Russian troops had assembled outside Warsaw in support of the conservative Radom Confederation. The King and his adherents had little choice but to acquiesce to Russian demands. During the	the	DET	Repnin	PROPN	 Repnin
The sprint was won by Dan Martin, putting him just one second off the overall podium. After another 50 kilometres (31 mi) of racing, the day's breakaway was finally formed by eleven riders: Petr Vakoč (Etixx – Quick Step), Esteban	Esteban	PROPN	Chaves	PROPN	 Chaves
In the storyline's conclusion, an alternate timeline is created where Ianto did not die in the events of Children of Earth. However, as with all Doctor Who and Torchwood spin off media, the canonicity in relation to the television series is unclear. Ianto also	also	ADV	appears	VERB	 appears
Another public library named " Ling Zi Ming Cultural centre " (林子明文化館) was established by the local Chinese community under the Sibu Chinese Chamber of Commerce and Industry (SCCCI, 詩巫中華總商會) in 1980. It houses Chinese books collections. Another library named Sibu Jaya public	public	ADJ	library	NOUN	 library
South of Jackson Lake Dam, the Signal Mountain Lodge is managed by Forever Resorts and provides cabins, a marina, a gas station and a restaurant. The American Alpine Club has hostel dormitory style accommodations primarily reserved for mountain climbers at the Grand Teton Climber's Ranch	Ranch	PROPN	.	PUNCT	.
The two carriers departed Gibraltar on 4 June and flew off 44 of the 48 fighters. Furious returned to the Clyde for her biggest load of aircraft yet, 64 Hurricanes, leaving room for only nine Swordfish from 816 Squadron on this voyage. Upon her arrival on	on	ADP	25	NUM	 25
When scale permits, Geographic maps show the alternative name East Sea in parentheses after Sea of Japan. " In 2006, Google put both names on Google Earth, using East Sea near the Korean coast and Sea of Japan near the Japanese coast. In the 2007	2007	NUM	edition	NOUN	 edition
Courage did not run their car again, whilst Pescarolo's Boullion and Lagorce took third at the 2 Hours 30 Minutes of Dijon, before Bourdais and Boullion finished the season with a victory at the 2 Hours 30 Minutes of Spa. Courage finished the season tied with	with	ADP	Dome	PROPN	 Dome
The British fleet did not lose a single ship, but the cost of the victory was severe: Lord Nelson, victor of four major battles in the previous eight years, had been killed at the height of the combat by a musket ball. The survivors of	of	ADP	the	DET	 the
" Q called the album " a barrelling, hugely confident record that should see Fall Out Boy swiftly elevated into mainstream rock's premier league, " and Blender called it " the brightest, breeziest, giddiest record Fall Out Boy have ever made. " Blender ranked	ranked	VERB	Folie	PROPN	 Folie
Some criticism was leveled on composer Nobuo Uematsu who reused some tracks from past iterations of the series. Still, reviewers have come to agree that this and many other elements are part of the overall effort to create a nostalgic title for fans of the older Final Fantasy	Fantasy	PROPN	titles	NOUN	 titles
... For a new body plan — a new phylum — to spring into existence, what actually has to happen on the ground is that a child is born which suddenly, out of the blue, is as different from its parents as a snail is from an	an	DET	earthworm	NOUN	 earthworm
The new county road was redesignated County Route 10A (CR 10A). NY 319 began at an intersection with three county routes (CR 4, CR 10, and CR 19) in the hamlet of Preston, a small community in the northern portion of the	the	DET	town	NOUN	 town
The World Bank Treasury is the division of the IBRD that manages the Bank's debt portfolio of over $100 billion and financial derivatives transactions of $20 billion. The Bank offers flexible loans with maturities as long as 30 years and custom tailored repayment scheduling. The	The	DET	IBRD	PROPN	 IBRD
It is not clear if this was planned or if he had simply had enough. Jardine never provided an explanation, to the Australian press nor afterwards. Later, Jardine wrote about the Australian crowds, complaining over their involvement, but praising their knowledge and judgement of	of	ADP	the	DET	 the
District Judge Lloyd Francis MacMahon wrote: " Misled into an initial interest, a potential Steinway buyer may satisfy himself that the less expensive Grotrian Steinweg is at least as good, if not better, than a Steinway. " MacMahon's idea about the " initial interest	interest	NOUN	"	PUNCT	 "
The new owner, Sir George Mainwaring, sold the property on again in 1620, via a consortium of investors, to the wealthy widow and former Mayoress of London, Dame Elizabeth Craven for £13,500. The estates around Stokesay were now valuable, bringing in over	over	ADP	£	SYM	 £
Generally, they should be drowned, but the law code allowed for, in particularly severe cases, that the old punishment could be implemented. That is, the woman would be buried alive, and then a stake would be driven through her heart. Similarly,	,	PUNCT	burial	NOUN	 burial
The group split up in 1995 after a final farewell tour of Australia. Rumours of a falling out among the trio persisted for many years, but all three maintained that they had parted on good terms and that it had simply been time to move on, as	as	SCONJ	they	PRON	 they
He returned to geology while continuing to pursue jazz as an avocation. Around 1975 he began working on his doctoral degree in hydrogeology. Employed by the US Department of Energy, he specialized in ground water contamination from nuclear waste; as a research hydrogeologist, he accepted	accepted	VERB	assignments	NOUN	 assignments
Although the territorial gains produced by his defeat of the Persians were lost to the advance of the Muslims, Heraclius still ranks among the great Roman Emperors. His reforms of the government reduced the corruption which had taken hold in Phocas ' reign, and he reorganized the	the	DET	military	NOUN	 military
In her review for Hindustan Times, Sweta Kaushal wrote that director Ravi Kumar " should be congratulated for picking a rather grave subject " and praised the actors for doing justice to their respective characters. However, she felt that in portraying Dilip, Kumar took away the	the	DET	"	PUNCT	 "
You want people to be a little bit off balance afterwards, " he said. In February 2011, FX officially announced that it had ordered a pilot for a possible series from Ryan Murphy and Brad Falchuk, with both Murphy and Falchuk writing and Murphy directing.	.	PUNCT	Dante	PROPN	 Dante
It makes wild Cucurbita and most ornamental gourds, with the exception of an occasional C. fraterna and C. sororia, bitter to taste. Ingesting too much cucurbitacin can cause stomach cramps, diarrhea and even collapse. This bitterness is especially prevalent in wild Cucurbita; in parts	parts	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
After the 2012 season, Kevin Youkilis, who the Red Sox traded to the Chicago White Sox earlier in the season, signed with the Yankees as a free agent. He had previously clashed with Joba Chamberlain when he was with Boston. On Opening Day April 1	1	NUM	,	PUNCT	,
The Galileo mission, launched in 1989, provided the bulk of current data on Europa. No spacecraft has yet landed on Europa, but its intriguing characteristics have led to several ambitious exploration proposals. The European Space Agency's Jupiter Icy Moon Explorer (JUICE) is	is	AUX	a	DET	 a
Ford Road ends at Wyoming Avenue. M 153 turns south along Wyoming Avenue to cross I 94 at exit 210. This interchange is also the location where I 94 and US 12 (Michigan Avenue) cross, marking the eastern end of M 153 at Michigan Avenue	Avenue	PROPN	.	PUNCT	.
Concept art and a separate level was created for this section, but it never materialised into the game. The original soundtrack of the game was composed by Paul Arnold and Andrew Barnabas, the musical duo more commonly known as " Bob & Barn ". SCE Cambridge	Cambridge	PROPN	instructed	VERB	 instructed
He has studied at Northern Michigan University. As a high school senior at the 2009 Illinois High School Association Class 3A tournament, Coleman endured his only loss of the season to Maxamillian Schneider of Lane Technical College Prep High School to finish third and end the season with	with	ADP	a	DET	 a
One week before Greed's release the New York State Motion Picture Committee (which censored films) demanded several more cuts on moral grounds. These cuts included the administration of ether in the dental scenes and certain instances of foul language. Although these cuts were made to	to	ADP	prints	NOUN	 prints
The collection focuses exclusively on architecture, art, design, and history of the Western World from 1885 to 1945. The library serves mostly as a research library with an extensive collection of primary sources. For students, prior approval from the staff is needed to enter	enter	VERB	the	DET	 the
She spoke highly of the remix, complimenting Puffy and O.D.B, " He's so known in the street, and he's one of the best people out there... we kind of did what we both do and having O.D.B took it to another level. He	He	PRON	was	AUX	 was
Slashdot uses a system of " tags " where users can categorize a story to group them together and sorting them. Tags are written in all lowercase, with no spaces, and limited to 64 characters. For example, articles could be tagged as being about "	"	PUNCT	security	NOUN	 security
To add to the confusion, some authors call these " active " devices, since they can amplify. This category also includes a few three terminal devices, such as the unijunction transistor. They are covered in the Negative differential resistance section below. Active negative differential	differential	ADJ	resistance	NOUN	 resistance
If it met with his approval, I would do the film; and if it didn't, I wouldn't. I certainly would not have thought of doing the film if I had not gotten the blessing of Kubrick. He's one of my idols;	;	PUNCT	simply	ADV	 simply
In September 2015, in the context of the European migrant crisis, Labour Party leadership candidate Yvette Cooper called for an increase in the number of refugees resettled in the UK to 10,000. The prime minister, David Cameron, subsequently announced that the UK would resettle 20,000	20,000	NUM	refugees	NOUN	 refugees
Kasey Kahne clinched his eighteenth career pole position, with a time of 38.465. After his qualifying run, Kahne commented, " [Turns] 1 and 2 were really strong. Coming to the green, I felt like I was a little bit free, and	and	CCONJ	it	PRON	 it
She failed to encounter any vessels, however, and returned to Wilhelmshaven, arriving there on 4 May. U 30's sixth patrol was the first time in which she had sunk any enemy ships since her third patrol. Having left Wilhelmshaven on 8 June 1940,	,	PUNCT	she	PRON	 she
For example, one scenario the player is presented with is to either pull a valve and get a spray of tar in his face (Good), or force a civilian to do it for him (Evil). There are also a number of paired Good	Good	PROPN	/	SYM	 /
As part of the agreement, Briskin was issued stock options on 10,000 shares of Columbia stock, with a value of $13.875 per share. Briskin's return to Columbia would also reunite him with his brother, Irving, who had been a producer at Columbia for	for	ADP	several	ADJ	 several
The family includes his brother, the god of war, Kartikeya, who is also called Skanda and Murugan. Regional differences dictate the order of their births. In northern India, Skanda is generally said to be the elder, while in the south, Ganesha is	is	AUX	considered	VERB	 considered
Salisbury continued using the shortened name anyway. The Rhodesian government, which remained predominantly white, contended that it had almost complete support from all races in its drive for full statehood; in October 1964, a national indaba (tribal conference) comprising 622 black representatives unanimously	unanimously	ADV	backed	VERB	 backed
Robert Marlowe, a seasoned account veteran, takes Homer under his wing and shows Homer what the high life is like in the corner office. The job changes Homer into a sad individual, who drinks in the dark and complains about the meaninglessness of his job.	.	PUNCT	When	SCONJ	 When
Diefenbaker continued to run the provincial party out of his law office, and paid the party's debts from his own pocket. Diefenbaker quietly sought the Conservative nomination for the federal riding of Lake Centre, but was unwilling to risk a divisive intra party squabble. In	In	ADP	what	PRON	 what
Azalea later included the song for her sets during the Jingle Ball Tour 2014. In 2015, Azalea performed " Work " as part of her setlists at the Redfest in February, and the Ottawa Bluesfest and Quebec City Summer Festival in July. Selena Gomez covered "	"	PUNCT	Work	NOUN	 Work
A hunting party led by the Cherokee chief Slave Catcher met the Timberlake expedition near the mouth of the Little Tennessee River, and supplied the weary expedition with provisions of " dried venison, homminy, and boiled corn. " The following day, Slave Catcher guided the	the	DET	expedition	NOUN	 expedition
It was constructed with Flemish bond brickwork and decorative limestone elements. It was also constructed to minimize noise and ash pollution. Buildings with such architectural detail were usually found in urban areas, making the Glenwood plant unusual for being far from urban areas at the time of	of	ADP	its	PRON	 its
" He believes that " music allows a person to express their deepest thoughts, thoughts that can not be expressed with just words. " He also believes that the spiritual aspect of creating is to " find something deep within yourself that can only be created by you	you	PRON	"	PUNCT	 "
Josh Duboff from Vanity Fair highlighted the titles of " By the Grace of God " and deluxe edition song " Spiritual ", concluding that the religious undertones were " more prominent " in Prism. Helen Brown from The Daily Telegraph deemed the song " tender ",	,	PUNCT	and	CCONJ	 and
The commanding officer of the 1st Essex reported that the position was well prepared and he was confident of repelling any assault. Scobie sent word stating " Well done, I admire your spirit ". For several days, the 70th Division was bombarded, and on 1	1	NUM	December	PROPN	 December
In September 2008, Slate published an article which interpreted The Big Lebowski as a political critique. The center piece of this viewpoint was that Walter Sobchak is " a neocon ", citing the film's references to then President George H. W. Bush and the first Gulf	Gulf	PROPN	War	PROPN	 War
His military service forms a major element of his public persona as portrayed by Scientologists. The Church of Scientology presents him as a " much decorated war hero who commanded a corvette and during hostilities was crippled and wounded ". Scientology publications say he served as a "	"	PUNCT	Commodore	PROPN	 Commodore
The film has reportedly earned over $160 million from promotional tie ins. Viral marketing campaigns for the film began when the official website was replaced by " deep space radio waves ". The message was decoded to reveal a voice that said " You Are Not Alone	Alone	ADJ	"	PUNCT	 "
Lady Stanley is seated in the middle with their four surviving sons on her right, five surviving daughters on her left and three children who had died at a young age at her knee and on her lap. A memorial tablet to John Constantine Stanley, who died	died	VERB	in	ADP	 in
Major threats to their survival include the cane toad, predators, urban development, and poison baiting. Conservation efforts include breeding programs in captivity. The name Dasyurus (from Greek δασύουρος, dasyouros) means " hairy tail ", and was coined by Étienne Geoffroy Saint	Saint	PROPN	Hilaire	PROPN	 Hilaire
Alessandro Petacchi won the next stage by means of a bunch sprint, while the general classification remained largely unaltered. Stage 10 took place after a rest day. The stage again came down to a bunch sprint that was won by Australian Robbie McEwen, who captured his	his	PRON	second	ADJ	 second
" Paul's relationship with his children is often non conventional, however he has a close bond with his daughter Elle Robinson (Pippa Black), Dennis describes this, adding: " (She's ' a chip off the old block ') and even though	though	SCONJ	Elle	PROPN	 Elle
The act also gave the Mint Director the authority to suspend production of any denomination if additional coins were not needed. Improved economic conditions, combined with low silver prices, brought large quantities of hoarded silver coinage, including half dimes, into circulation beginning in April 1876	1876	NUM	.	PUNCT	.
All that remains of the buildings contained within the castle are the foundations. If Caernarfon been completed as intended, it would have been able to contain a royal household of several hundred people. In the opinion of military historian Allen Brown, Caernarfon was " one of	of	ADP	the	DET	 the
The album was released on September 12, 2011 internationally, and on September 13 in the United States. It was the band's first album of original material since We've Come for You All (2003), the first full length Anthrax album since 1990's	's	PART	Persistence	PROPN	 Persistence
With the growth of the Church in the city, issues of safety developed in the 12 de Octubre street meeting place in the late 1940s and early 1950s. In 1952, González purchased a plot of land outside the city and called it Hermosa Provincia (Beautiful Province	Province	PROPN	)	PUNCT	)
Baseball writer scorers usually worked at the games played at the home stadium of the team which they covered for their newspaper. The writer scorers were tasked with making objective decisions that could impact the statistics of the team they were writing about. Because of this affiliation,	,	PUNCT	the	DET	 the
Several hours later, Norbert was upgraded to a major hurricane (Category 3 or higher). While maintaining its intensity for two and a half days, Norbert then turned to the south and after slight strengthening, back to the east. At 0000 UTC, September	September	PROPN	21	NUM	 21
Since the last order, the tracks had been relaid farther from one another, so the tramway could operate 2.5 metres (8.2 ft) wide and 15 metres (49 ft) long trams. The use of an aluminium body was controversial, and international experts recommended	recommended	VERB	that	SCONJ	 that
It is the only nocturnal primate found in the northeast Indian states, which include Assam, Arunachal Pradesh, Mizoram, Nagaland, Meghalaya, Manipur and Tripura. It is found in parts of Yunnan and in southwest Guangxi in China, and has been recorded in the	the	DET	Chittagong	PROPN	 Chittagong
Shooting of the video took place on February 29, 2012, at the desert around the Los Angeles area. On March 19, 2012, it was announced on the band's Twitter that the 1st cut of the music video was ready, and that the video	video	NOUN	will	AUX	 will
Instead of tightening them to reduce the recoil upon firing, he loosened them so that both guns struck the back of the turret, fortunately without hurting anybody or damaging the guns. Ericsson's revolutionary turret, although not without flaws, was a unique concept in gun	gun	NOUN	mounting	VERB	 mounting
The dossier, finalised for the group's trip to Lebanon in mid December, contained the following: An introduction describing the situation of Muslims in Denmark, the country itself, background on the cartoons, and the group's action plan. Clippings of the articles and	and	CCONJ	editorials	NOUN	 editorials
Despite the war with the Western Xia, the Song also settled land disputes with them by referring to prior agreements, as with the Liao. However, soon after the Jin dynasty overthrew the Liao dynasty, the Jurchens sacked the Song capital in 1127 during the Jin	Jin	PROPN	–	PUNCT	 –
It was written by Adam Levine together with Ryan Tedder and Noel Zancanella who also served as producers of the song. " Lucky Strike " is a funk song that features dubstep and soul rock influences. Lyrically, it discovers the theme of sexual intercourse. The song	song	NOUN	received	VERB	 received
George John, 2nd Earl Spencer, who owned Althorp between 1783 and his death in 1834, developed one of the largest private libraries in Europe at the house, which grew to over 100,000 books by the 1830s. After falling on hard times, John Spencer,	,	PUNCT	5th	ADJ	 5th
The bushbuck, that includes both imbabala (T. sylvaticus) and kéwel, and sitatunga are genetically similar enough to hybridise. Hybrids between bongo and sitatunga have proved to be fertile. The sitatunga is more variable in its general characters than any other member of the tribe	tribe	NOUN	Strepsicerotini	PROPN	 Strepsicerotini
Ship camouflage was occasionally used in ancient times. Vegetius wrote in the 4th century that " Venetian blue " (bluish green, like the sea) was used for camouflage in the years 56 – 54 BC during the Gallic Wars, when Julius Caesar sent his scout	scout	NOUN	ships	NOUN	 ships
(2011). Featuring American rapper Pitbull, it was released by Island Records on February 8, 2011 as the lead single from the album. " On the Floor " was written by Kinda " Kee " Hamid, AJ Junior, Teddy Sky, Bilal "	"	PUNCT	The	DET	 The
A landing in a region southwest of Mare Crisium was also considered, but rejected on the grounds that a Soviet spacecraft could easily access the site; Luna 20 eventually did so shortly after the Apollo 17 site selection was made. After the elimination of several sites,	,	PUNCT	three	NUM	 three
At the 59th Primetime Emmy Awards, the performance was part of a three way tie for Outstanding Choreography with a So You Think You Can Dance performance of Céline Dion's " Calling You ", choreographed by Mia Michaels, and the television special Tony Bennett: An	An	DET	American	PROPN	 American
In the course of his work abroad, Philip Morris of Television International Enterprises Archives had discovered episodes 1 6 of The Enemy of the World and episodes 1,2,4,5,6 of The Web of Fear. The return of the nine missing episodes was the single largest recovery of Doctor Who	Who	PRON	episodes	VERB	 episodes
When the Great Depression hit in the 1930s there were no easily available jobs in the US and Canada, and emigration fell to less than 50,000 a year, bringing to an end the period of mass migrations that had opened in the mid eighteenth century. This contributed	contributed	VERB	to	ADP	 to
The word schizophrenia — which translates roughly as " splitting of the mind " and comes from the Greek roots schizein (σχίζειν, " to split ") and phrēn, phren- (φρήν, φρεν-, " mind ") — was coined by Eugen Bleuler in 1908	1908	NUM	and	CCONJ	 and
However, as the last year of the war dawned, the Germans regained some ground in the technology battle. Grand Admiral Dönitz had not yet given up hope of achieving strategic effect in the U boat war. The Types XXI, XXII, and XXIII were becoming	becoming	VERB	available	ADJ	 available
On the wintering grounds, Hymenoptera, especially flying ants, are important food items. When egg laying, barn swallows hunt in pairs, but will form often large flocks otherwise. Isotope studies have shown that wintering populations may utilise different feeding habitats, with British breeders	breeders	NOUN	feeding	VERB	 feeding
She ceased fire at 19: 30 to allow the cruisers to close on Scharnhorst. Ten 14 inch shells had hit the German battleship, causing fires and explosions, and silencing almost all of the secondary battery. By 19: 16 all of the main turrets aboard	aboard	ADP	Scharnhorst	PROPN	 Scharnhorst
A hearing was held before the House Committee on Industrial Arts and Expositions two days later, at which Congressman Darrow predicted that the $1.50 gold pieces would not be opposed by either the Treasury or the Committee on Coinage, Weights, and Measures, but he was	was	AUX	incorrect	ADJ	 incorrect
Investigations are much broader in scope than other areas of forensic analysis (where the usual aim is to provide answers to a series of simpler questions) often involving complex time lines or hypotheses. Prior to the 1980s crimes involving computers were dealt with using existing laws.	.	PUNCT	The	DET	 The
That year, he had become involved with the German nationalist sporting association Deutsch Völkischen Turnvereins and was made a leader in the right wing paramilitary Steirischen Heimatschutz (Styrian Home Guard). He later used his senior position in the gendarmerie to funnel arms to the Home Guard	Guard	PROPN	.	PUNCT	.
It heads north from there, passing through unincorporated Cato before crossing into Garfield County. Approximately 4.5 miles (7.2 km) north of the county line, the highway cuts through Barr. Five miles (8.0 km) north of Barr, the road skirts the east	east	PROPN	edge	NOUN	 edge
The trilogy also includes the Ing, antagonists of Echoes, whose warrior forms resemble spiders, albeit with five legs rather than eight. Atlach Nacha is an H game centered on a spider demon disguising herself as a human. In The Legend of Zelda series, giant	giant	ADJ	spiders	NOUN	 spiders
I had considered using Japanese anime for the digital art chapter of the book, but it lacked the overwhelming operatic power and yes, seriousness of Lucas's Revenge of the Sith. " Though many critics and fans saw it as the strongest of the three prequels,	,	PUNCT	some	PRON	 some
Inter Sultanate marriages normalised relations and Ali I (1557 – 1580) joined a confederacy of Sultanates who eventually inflicted a crushing defeat on the Vijayanagara Empire in 1565. The most notable ruler of the dynasty was Ibrahim II (1580 – 1626) who ascended the throne	throne	NOUN	as	ADP	 as
It first aired on the Fox network in the United States on March 5, 1995. In the episode, Springfield decides to hold a film festival, and famed critic Jay Sherman is invited to be a judge. Homer, feeling that Marge does not respect him	him	PRON	,	PUNCT	,
For the new character Hakari Mikagami, Iwamoto used a female saint as the main image for her design, and imagined her as being an older woman he could look up to. Another new character, Yumihiko Ichiyanagi, was Eshiro's favorite minor character in the series	series	NOUN	because	SCONJ	 because
The city's golf course lies in the park along with camping and outdoor activities. There are over 30 miles (48 km) of trails in the Newport News Park complex. It has a 5.3 miles (8.5 km) multi use bike path. The park	park	NOUN	offers	VERB	 offers
Saint Just was interrupted frequently by bursts of applause and towards the end of his speech he uttered his eerily universal observation, " No one can reign innocently. " Robespierre was particularly impressed – he spoke from the lectern the next day in terms almost identical to those	those	PRON	of	ADP	 of
The boulders of the Midway Crevasse, which the Highland Trail passes through, are Pocono Formation sandstone. The third of the rock formations within the park is the Huntley Mountain Formation, from the late Devonian and early Mississippian. This is made of layers of olive green	green	NOUN	to	PART	 to
Radiative emissions from the filament can be correlated with filament temperature. Filaments are SiC fibers with a diameter of 15 micrometers, about one fifth that of a human hair. Because the fibers are so thin, they do little to disturb the flame and their temperature remains	remains	VERB	close	ADJ	 close
Attempts to reconcile the molecular and fossil evidence have proved controversial, but recent results show that all the extant groups of birds originated from only a small handful of species that survived the Cretaceous – Paleogene extinction. Cladogram of modern bird relationships based on Jarvis, E.D. et	et	PROPN	al	PROPN	 al
That year, there were ten senior women's teams, a school based competition and a regional competition established. Young girls informally play the game in refugee camps in the Darfur region. Rights to broadcast the 2011 Women's World Cup in the country were bought by	by	ADP	Al	PROPN	 Al
Shankly summed up the essential criteria for success in football management when he said: " I could speak common sense about the game and I could spot a player ". In terms of the latter criterion, he always applied a basic formula which was that, first	first	ADV	and	CCONJ	 and
The road travels through a mainly residential area of the town before intersects NC 39 in the center of town. NC 98 turns right onto South Main Street to begin a concurrency with NC 39, which it follows for a little over one mile (1.6 km)	)	PUNCT	.	PUNCT	.
Sometimes you get lost through drug addiction or you break up with up your partner or remission from cancer etc. you struggle to find your way back to yourself. That's what " Coming Home " is about. Upon release, " Coming Home " was generally	generally	ADV	met	VERB	 met
Netley was founded in 1239 by Peter des Roches, a powerful politician, government official, and Bishop of Winchester from 1205 – 1238. The abbey was one of a pair the bishop conceived as a memorial to himself; the other is La Clarté Dieu in Saint	Saint	PROPN	Paterne	PROPN	 Paterne
According to estimates by the Institute of National Remembrance (IPN), roughly 320,000 Polish citizens were deported to the Soviet Union (this figure is questioned by some other historians, who hold to older estimates of about 700,000 – 1,000,000). IPN estimates the number of	of	ADP	Polish	ADJ	 Polish
Vincent calls him a " happy " person and liked playing this version more because he has been playing the " brooding " version for a year and a half year. The comic book Connor develops in the same direction as he starts emerging a hero still keeping his	his	PRON	pleasant	ADJ	 pleasant
The music video for the song was released in March 1998. It shows many scenes of Carey laying on a submerged vessel in a large body of water, while lamenting her lost lover. Towards the video's climax, Carey and her love interest climb atop a	a	DET	lighthouse	NOUN	 lighthouse
During her stay off the Okinawa beaches, the ship lost none of her boats and suffered three casualties: two men were wounded by shrapnel, and another broke an arm. After a short rest and recreation stop at Guam, Yancey rejoined her squadron at Ultihi and	and	CCONJ	underwent	ADJ	 underwent
MTV ranked Metallica the third " Greatest Heavy Metal Band in History ", was listed fifth on VH1's 100 Greatest Artists of Hard Rock, and the band was number one on VH1's 20 Greatest Metal Bands list. Rolling Stone placed the band 61st on its	its	PRON	list	NOUN	 list
The action and line are good. It took time and practice and effort to get it, but it's there. " Goodman Beaver is an editor hired by Schlock Publications Inc. During his time there, he loses his youthful idealism and succumbs to the corruption he	he	PRON	finds	VERB	 finds
According to Davis & Le Roux (2009), a group of liberal judges that included Goldstone, Gerald Friedman, Ray Leon, Johann Kriegler, John Milne and Lourens Ackermann sought to read the apartheid legislation " as narrowly as possible to give effect to the values	values	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
She wrestled under the ring name Head Bitch In Charge (HBIC), and appeared in a cheerleading outfit, with a snooty gimmick, similar to WCW Nitro Girl Miss Hancock. She impressed WWF talent scout Bruce Pritchard during her first UPW show. Varon made her	her	PRON	on	ADP	 on
Melee also features tracks composed by Tadashi Ikegami, Shougo Sakai, and Takuto Kitsuta. Brawl features the collaboration of 38 composers, including Final Fantasy series composer Nobuo Uematsu, who composed the main theme. Like the previous game in the series, Super Smash Bros. for	for	ADP	Nintendo	PROPN	 Nintendo
A second, smaller cusp, the hypoconulid, is present on the lingual side of the talonid, connected to the hypoconid by a postcristid. The pectinate (comb like) shape of the anterior teeth is a shared characteristic of the colugos and highly unusual among mammals	mammals	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
It is apparent that it prospered from the production of cacao and from the trade routes that crossed the region. At the time of the Spanish Conquest in the 16th century the area was still important for its cacao production. Study of obsidian recovered at Takalik Abaj indicates	indicates	VERB	that	SCONJ	 that
Green's influence extended overseas to cartoonists such as the Dutch Peter Pontiac, who drew inspiration from Binky Brown and Maus to produce Kraut (2000), about his father who collaborated with the Nazis during World War II. Chute sees major themes of isolation and coping	coping	VERB	with	ADP	 with
I felt like I was just like the sheriff, y ' know, and that everyone loved me. " Sarsgaard recalled watching footage of and reading about Lotter to prepare for the role. Peirce cast Alicia Goranson, known for playing Becky on the sitcom Roseanne,	,	PUNCT	as	ADP	 as
" Under the Oslo Peace Accords, Israel undertook to deposit the VAT tax receipts on goods purchased by Palestinians into the Palestinian treasury. Until 2000, these monies were transferred directly to Arafat's personal accounts at Bank Leumi, in Tel Aviv. In August 2002,	,	PUNCT	the	DET	 the
They range from stocky with sturdy limbs in the Anatolian, Balkan and the southern crested newt as well as the marbled newts, to very slender with short legs in the Danube crested newt. These types were first noted by herpetologist Willy Wolterstorff, who used the ratio	ratio	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
" sign. As Owen Hart entered the steel cage for his championship match with his brother Bret, he immediately attacked Bret. Bret gained the advantage by performing a DDT. Owen kicked Bret in the head and tried to escape from the cage. The brothers both	both	PRON	tried	VERB	 tried
The construction industry, spurred on by the city's growth, further expanded with the development of Sun City. It became the template for suburban development in post WWII America, and Sun City became the template for retirement communities when it opened in 1960. The city	city	NOUN	averaged	VERB	 averaged
His concerns fell on deaf ears. Some in the media even interpreted these complaints as whining or malingering, citing Richard's reputation for moodiness. Others hypothesized that Richard was egotistical and could not handle the pressure of pitching for the Astros, while others suggested he was	was	AUX	jealous	ADJ	 jealous
first announced in a January 7, 2016 interview with The Boston Globe that an extended play titled Crime Cutz was to be released in late spring of that year. The title track of Crime Cutz first premiered worldwide on Zane Lowe's Apple Music show Beats 1 on	on	ADP	February	PROPN	 February
Khan bought the rights of Aurat from the production company National Studios for ₹ 35,000 (valued at about US $7,350 in 1957). Stylistic elements of Mother India show similarities with Vsevolod Pudovkin's Soviet silent film Mother (1926); Our Daily Bread (1934	1934	NUM	)	PUNCT	)
Woods completed his " Tiger Slam " by winning his fourth straight major championship at the Masters in 2001. He won again the following year, making him only the third player in history to win the tournament in consecutive years, as well as in 2005 when he	he	PRON	defeated	VERB	 defeated
James Yoshimura, one of the Homicide: Life on the Street writers and supervising producers, first conceived the story for " Subway " after watching an episode of the HBO series Taxicab Confessions, which features hidden camera footage of taxi passengers discussing their lives with the drivers	drivers	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
Manager Charlie Manuel and general manager Pat Gillick were also named Manager of the Year (distinct from Major League Baseball's Manager of the Year award) and Executive of the Year, respectively, for their leadership of the 2008 team and for winning the World Series.	.	PUNCT	The	DET	 The
Lindwall and Miller were unable to play in the Fifth Test, and in their absence, the South Africans were able to score heavily. Johnston had a large workload, taking 6 / 152 and 1 / 114 as the tourists won by six wickets to level the	the	DET	series	NOUN	 series
The only building remaining from the college is a great hall and attached dwelling, dating from the late 15th century. The hall is designated by English Heritage as a Grade I listed building, while the outbuildings and gateway are Grade II listed. The whole site has	has	AUX	been	AUX	 been
Hyperuricemia is defined as a plasma urate level greater than 420 μmol / l (7.0 mg / dl) in males and 360 μmol / l (6.0 mg / dl) in females. Other blood tests commonly performed are white blood cell count, electrolytes, kidney	kidney	NOUN	function	NOUN	 function
" Charness also stated that the film's cinematography " moves the audience perspective along with the dance. " Charness singled out the film's famous title number and states, " it's a very kinetic moment, for though there is no technically accomplished dance present,	,	PUNCT	the	DET	 the
The Story of the Kelly Gang (1906), the world's first feature length film, spurred a boom in Australian cinema during the silent film era. After World War I, Hollywood monopolised the industry, and by the 1960s Australian film production had effectively ceased	ceased	VERB	.	PUNCT	.
Mr. Burns - (Boss Character) Waylon Smithers fights on Mr. Burn's behalf while Burns stands outside of the ring. Their strongest attack involves Mr. Burns throwing explosives into the ring that do not affect Smithers. They are only playable in the Mr. Burn's Office	Office	PROPN	level	NOUN	 level
As she waves the pieces, the sand around her stirs. She then lays the two pieces on the sand, and they become part of two rock sprites, that come out of the sand and start writhing around Björk, while strata emerges from them. In	In	ADP	the	DET	 the
China Digital Times offered the interpretation that ' crane ' in Chinese (he) is a homonym for ' congratulations ' and the first character of ' peace '. The Nobel Peace Prize Concert to commemorate the 2010 prize was held on 11 December, the night following	following	VERB	the	DET	 the
Rogen also received favourable reviews. Later that year he played a supporting part as an irresponsible police officer in Superbad, which he had written with his writing partner and was co produced by Apatow. Michael Cera and Jonah Hill originate the main roles, two teenage best	best	ADJ	friends	NOUN	 friends
" In a press release, Nickelodeon officially announced the special " event " on October 13, 2009. According to the network, the special include " SpongeBob's first visit to the Krusty Krab as a baby, a vintage Krusty Krab TV commercial, how SpongeBob	SpongeBob	PROPN	found	VERB	 found
He was accused of speculatively buying 2000 bushels of corn and when his house was attacked, almost all the windows were broken and his furniture was also damaged. There have been police stations in the town since 1857, when the first Police Station was rented. It	It	PRON	had	VERB	 had
Although he was hired by the creative crew, New Line did not officially cast Kirzinger until first seeing him on film. Kirzinger's first scene was Jason walking down Elm Street. New Line wanted a specific movement in Jason's walk; Kirzinger met their expectations and	and	CCONJ	signed	VERB	 signed
While crawling on the harbor bottom, it became snagged on the wreckage and its crew nearly suffocated before they managed to free themselves and surface. In July 1944, the oil starved IJN recovered 580 metric tons (570 long tons; 640 short tons) of fuel	fuel	NOUN	from	ADP	 from
In addition to Hanneken's report of sizable Japanese forces at Koli Point, Vandegrift's staff also possessed a captured Japanese document that outlined a plan to land the remainder of the 38th Infantry Division at Koli to attack the Marine Lunga defenses from the east. Unaware that	that	SCONJ	the	DET	 the
The area was closed to the public when these bases were established. I 80 and US 93 are the modern signing of the Lincoln Highway between those two cities. East of Salt Lake City, I 80 closely parallels the original route of the Lincoln Highway. In	In	ADP	1926	NUM	 1926
The single charted on Hot 100 for 25 weeks. " What Goes Around... /... Comes Around " was certified platinum by the Recording Industry Association of America on June 7, 2007. By September 3, 2010, the song had passed the two million sales	sales	NOUN	plateau	NOUN	 plateau
The period between the 16th and the end of the 18th century was characterized by the existence of self sufficient regional economies separated by considerable distances, a lack of road, maritime or river communications, and the hazards and hardship of land transport. By the end of	of	ADP	the	DET	 the
Larwood dismissed him for scores of two and six in the first Test, and fractured a bone in Ponsford's hand in the second. The injury sidelined Ponsford for the remainder of the Test series. Ponsford travelled to England for a second time, with the 1930	1930	NUM	Australian	ADJ	 Australian
" Hays ' body was recovered from the waters of the North Atlantic by the Minia, and he was buried at Mount Royal Cemetery in Montreal. Two funerals were held for him on May 8 – one at the American Presbyterian Church in Montreal, the other in	in	ADP	London	PROPN	 London
Paoli continued to perform around the world with performances in Greece, Palestine, Poland, Egypt, Spain and Italy, where he established his permanent residence. In 1910, the singer was signed as the First Tenor by La Scala, Milan, the most prestigious opera	opera	NOUN	company	NOUN	 company
He was proud of the work with insensitive high explosive that made nuclear weapons safer to handle. Support from the Atomic Energy Commission for reactor development dried up, but during the 1970s energy crisis, the laboratory explored other types of alternative fuels. In 1979, Agnew	Agnew	PROPN	resigned	VERB	 resigned
The two lane connector route travels primarily amidst farmland, passing a small group of trees and a couple of homes on the west side of the roadway prior to arriving at its endpoint at the intersection of SR 19 and CR 44. As SR 778 enters the intersection	intersection	NOUN	from	ADP	 from
Meanwhile, third placed Kimi Räikkönen moved to an ambitious strategy that would see him attempt to force Maldonado and Alonso to race beyond the life expectancy of their tyres, allowing him to swoop in at the last minute to steal first place. Räikkönen's strategy failed as	as	SCONJ	Maldonado	PROPN	 Maldonado
Nevertheless Collins went ahead with the construction of an even larger ship, the SS Adriatic, which, after a single round trip in November – December 1857, was laid up. Confidence in the line had been damaged; " people concluded that getting there was more	more	ADV	important	ADJ	 important
Most of those with medically serious bites, such as recluse spiders and widow spiders, would rather flee and bite only when trapped, although this can easily arise by accident. Funnel web spiders ' defensive tactics include fang display and their venom, although they rarely inject	inject	VERB	much	ADJ	 much
In 1949, Russian microbiologist Nikolai Krasilnikov identified the species of Azotobacter nigricans Krasil ' nikov, 1949 which was divided in 1981 by Thompson Skerman into two subspecies - Azotobacter nigricans subsp. nigricans and Azotobacter nigricans subsp. achromogenes; in the same year, Thompson and Skerman	Skerman	PROPN	described	VERB	 described
In the meantime, Alexios III, who resided in the Blachernae Palace in the city's northwestern corner, rallied for a counter strike. A small force was dispatched with boats around the city's peninsula to the Hodegetria Monastery north of the Great Palace. It was	was	AUX	led	VERB	 led
The relationship has been characterised by Keeler as an unromantic relationship without expectations, a " screw of convenience ", although she also states that Profumo hoped for a longer term commitment and that he offered to set her up in a flat. More than 20 years later	later	ADV	,	PUNCT	,
For Hallowe ' en 2014, ezine Den of Geek listed " 31 scary TV episodes that truly terrified us ". Phoebe Jane Boyd selected " The Harrowing ", commenting on its divergence from previous episodes of Inside No. 9 and the clash of humour and horror	horror	NOUN	tropes	NOUN	 tropes
Amherst went ashore with his party, instructing Maxwell to meet him at Canton once his diplomatic mission was complete. The mission was expected to last several months, so Maxwell and Hall agreed to use the time to become the first British sailors to explore the Yellow Sea	Sea	PROPN	and	CCONJ	 and
Bakshi states that Paramount Pictures " bought the idea in ten seconds ". As the sets were being built in Las Vegas, producer Frank Mancuso, Jr., son of Paramount president Frank Mancuso, Sr., had the screenplay rewritten in secret, and gave Bakshi	Bakshi	PROPN	a	DET	 a
The legislation was sent to the House of Councilors on July 28 and was passed on August 9. It was enacted into law on August 13. The lyrics and musical notation of the anthem are given in the second appendix of the Act on National Flag and Anthem	Anthem	PROPN	.	PUNCT	.
Ahead of the 2010 – 11 season, Odubade scored in a pre season friendly against Histon, in a 2 – 0 win. He featured in the club's first Football League match, against Macclesfield Town in August 2010, coming on as a 60th minute substitute	substitute	NOUN	in	ADP	 in
Hill said of her connection to Simone: " Because I fed on this music... I believed I always had a right to have a voice. Her example is clearly a form of sustenance to a generation needing to find theirs. What a gift. " NPR	NPR	PROPN	critically	ADV	 critically
From 1984 until 1990, the NED and the AFL – CIO channeled equipment and support worth $4 million to Solidarity. In 1986 Kahn became the Director of the AFL – CIO Department of International Affairs, where he implemented Kirkland's program of having a consensus foreign	foreign	ADJ	policy	NOUN	 policy
Duque fell from his horse after suffering a wound in his thigh and was almost trampled by his own men. General Manuel Castrillón quickly assumed command of Duque's column. Although some in the front of the Mexican ranks wavered, soldiers in the rear pushed them on	on	ADP	.	PUNCT	.
She considered the script " beautifully written " and the character " very touching ", but did not read the book because she thought it would be better to approach the story with a " clean slate. " After the hiring of Johansson, other major casting decisions	decisions	NOUN	quickly	ADV	 quickly
Jim Abbott of the Orlando Sentinel said that " Musically, songs such as ' Piece of Me, ' ' Radar ' and ' Break the Ice ' are one dimensional, robotic exercises. " Stephen Thomas Erlewine of Allmusic commented that " Bloodshy & Avant try desperately	desperately	ADV	to	PART	 to
" Rosell ultimately concluded that the reason the episode was a success was due to Mulder and Scully's kiss, a moment he called " inevitable " although he did note that " many think [it] really signaled the beginning of the end. " Tom Kessenich	Kessenich	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
Dances are performed at multicultural festivals. One of the popular traditional dances of the Cook Islands is the Maori Ura, a sacred ritual usually performed by a female who moves her body to tell a story, accompanied by intense drumming by at least 5 drummers. Moving	Moving	VERB	the	DET	 the
Musician Dwight Yoakam was approached for the roles of either the manager or a corrupt cop, but he chose instead to focus on his album Dwight Sings Buck. United States Senator Patrick Leahy — a fan of Batman comics who was previously an extra in the 1997 film	film	NOUN	Batman	PROPN	 Batman
Jacks and director Stephen Sommers were impressed with the money that George of the Jungle was making at the box office and cast Brendan Fraser as a result; Sommers also commented that he felt Fraser fit the Errol Flynn swashbuckling character he had envisioned perfectly. The actor understood	understood	VERB	that	SCONJ	 that
The second exercise, held on March 15 [O.S. March 3], ended in disaster when the rear turret exploded after an hour of target practice. The explosion blew the roof of the turret over the mainmast so that it struck the base of the foremast,	,	PUNCT	crushing	VERB	 crushing
Kajal said in an interview to IANS that her character would become the reason for the transformation in the protagonist's character after she forces him to take up an issue. Posani Krishna Murali was seen in the role of a sincere constable who hates Daya because of his	his	PRON	corrupt	ADJ	 corrupt
UBS also ranked No.1 on the 2010 M & A league tables in Australia, ahead of Macquarie Bank and Goldman Sachs. UBS Asset Management offers equity, fixed income, currency, hedge fund, real estate, infrastructure and private equity investment capabilities that can also be	be	AUX	combined	VERB	 combined
Due to his poor eyesight, Polyphemus mistakes Grover for a female Cyclops. He is rescued by his friends Percy and Annabeth. Clarisse La Rue: Daughter of Ares who was given the quest of retrieving the Golden Fleece. With the help of Percy and his friends	friends	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
German sports journalist Gunter Bork specified that the interruption resulting from Chamberlain's 100th point lasted for nine minutes, after which play continued. Over the years, Harvey Pollack, who at the time was in charge of publicity and statistics for the Warriors, has given conflicting	conflicting	ADJ	statements	NOUN	 statements
In 1965, the Australian Army's experiment with the Pentropic structure was abandoned and the CMF was once again reorganised with many of the Pentropic battalions being split once again to form additional battalions. On 1 July 1965, 1 RSAR was split and the 10th, 27th	27th	ADJ	and	CCONJ	 and
These figures exclude the contribution of Airbus UK. After its creation BAE Systems had a difficult relationship with the MoD. This was attributed to deficient project management by the company, but also in part to the deficiencies in the terms of " fixed price contracts ". CEO	CEO	NOUN	Mike	PROPN	 Mike
Motifs taken from the Aesthetic Movement can be found in both the exterior and the interior of their new wing at Holker Hall, and from the Arts and Crafts Movement in the interior of Thurland Castle. Sharpe's earliest commissions were promoted by his older cousin Revd J.	J.	PROPN	W.	PROPN	 W.
Mulch Diggums – A kleptomaniac dwarf whom the LEP recruits use to gain access to Fowl Manor during the siege, due to his many hereditary abilities, such as tunneling at unbelievable speeds. Having forfeited his magic years ago to allow him to follow a life of crime	crime	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
In April 1912, the Naval Supreme Council accepted the latter design, unless the quadruple turret could be readied by the time construction was scheduled to begin. The armor layout of the Bretagne class was to be retained, though an increase in the thickness of the main	main	ADJ	belt	NOUN	 belt
In 1726, Swift sent Motte a copy of Gulliver's Travels to be printed anonymously. Motte took great care to protect the identity of the author, and employed five publishing houses to speed production of the book and avoid unlicensed copying. In 1727, Motte formed	formed	VERB	his	PRON	 his
When caregiver does not respond in a similar manner, child exhibits a series of responses that were first studied in early 1970s by Edward Tronick in collaboration with pediatrician T. Berry Brazelton at the time when the latter was creating the Neonatal Behavioral Assessment Scale. At age 6	6	NUM	months	NOUN	 months
Patton, observing derelict cars along the side of the road, spoke as the car crossed the railroad track, " How awful war is. Think of the waste. " Woodring glanced away from the road when a 2 ½ ton GMC truck driven by Technical Sergeant	Sergeant	PROPN	Robert	PROPN	 Robert
Their breasts are large and the nipples and areolae can be seen through their thin clothing. The one on the right holds in her right hand a flower and in her left a pomegranate. The one on the left holds in her right hand a phiale. The	The	DET	opening	NOUN	 opening
" ELECTRONIC GAMING MONTHLY -Magazine (The 1991 Video Game Buyer's Guide) Rated at 6 out of 10 " This is not a sequel! The character looks different, and fights differently. It's not a bad game, there's just nothing new or interesting	interesting	ADJ	!	PUNCT	!
When Woolley resigned on July 15 to become director of publicity for the Wilson reelection campaign (a function he also fulfilled for Democratic candidates in 1912 and 1920), he mentioned in his resignation letter to Secretary McAdoo, " in working over the model for the obverse	obverse	ADJ	side	NOUN	 side
Describing Doggystyle in 1993, Snoop Dogg likewise points to the album's realism, and the extent to which it is based on his personal experience. He said, " I can't rap about something I don't know. You'll never hear me rapping about	about	ADP	no	DET	 no
Located within City 17, the Citadel serves as the primary headquarters of the Combine, housing both Combine Advisors and the office of the Earth administrator, Wallace Breen. Breen is frequently seen on large screens around the city from which he spreads propaganda. The Citadel projects	projects	VERB	an	DET	 an
He made his senior debut and played one match in Serie B during the 1996 – 97 season against Salernitana. In 1998, Pellissier was on the team that won the under 21 tournament Torneo di Viareggio, and also appeared in a Coppa Italia match. He moved	moved	VERB	on	ADP	 on
Lippert rightly claimed Hurricanme at 09.15 in Canterbury area (OKL + JFV d. Dt. Lw. 4 / I 85B). On 8 November 1940 his actions brought a final award — the Distinguished Service Order (DSO). His DSO was gazetted posthumously on 26	26	NUM	November	PROPN	 November
The ground layer in the cloud forest is rich, and moss and lichen drape the branches of the trees. At least 122 species of fern are found in this zone. Temperatures are lower, and heavy clouds brought in by eastern winds blanket the forest. Endemism	Endemism	NOUN	is	AUX	 is
This trend continues down to 100 K, below which resistivity rapidly decreases for fresh samples. Resistivity then begins to increase with time at around 20 K due to radiation damage, with the rate dictated by the isotopic composition of the sample. Because of self irradiation,	,	PUNCT	a	DET	 a
Indira Gandhi, then Prime Minister of India, presented the five gold medals, along with the Chalvaijayanti trophy for Uttar Pradesh, to Giridhar. Impressed by his abilities, Gandhi offered to send him at her own expense to the United States for treatment for his eyes	eyes	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
The daily strip was short lived, but the Sundays edition lasted three years. From August 1925 until September 1929, King Features required that Herriman design the Krazy Kat Sundays so that they could be run either as a full Sunday page or as two four panel dailies	dailies	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
He then joined the United States Navy, and while he was stationed in San Francisco, she resumed work for the OPA as an economic analyst. Veteran UPI reporter Helen Thomas suggested that in public, the Nixons " moved through life ritualistically ", but privately,	,	PUNCT	however	ADV	 however
In 1945, when Moser was 21 years old and still carrying out active military service, he was captured in Czechoslovakia by Soviet soldiers and made a prisoner of war. He was imprisoned in a labour camp in Crimea, in the Ukraine. While a prisoner,	,	PUNCT	he	PRON	 he
Holmes survived. Directly over the target, Bader's Duxford Wing arrived and attacked while the Germans were on the bomb run. Thirty seconds after the release of the bombs, they hit the target area, the Battersea rail lines next to Battersea Park on the Thames	Thames	PROPN	south	PROPN	 south
Australian prospector Edward Hargraves, noting similarities between the geography of California and his home country, returned to Australia to discover gold and spark the Australian gold rushes. Preceding the Gold Rush, the United States was on a bi metallic standard, but the sudden increase in	in	ADP	physical	ADJ	 physical
She described it as " an upbeat song. It's really different, that's why I like it so much. " " Toxic " is a dance song with elements of bhangra music. It features varied instrumentation, such as drums, synthesizers, violins and	and	CCONJ	high	ADJ	 high
Groening has also said that he found the premise of Dennis the Menace disappointing and was inspired to create a character who was actually a menace. Bart made his debut with the rest of the Simpson family on April 19, 1987 in The Tracey Ullman Show short "	"	PUNCT	Good	PROPN	 Good
Nigel was a witness to Stephen's charter that left England to Matilda's son, Henry of Anjou. When Henry succeeded Stephen, Nigel was present at the coronation. After the accession of Henry II, Nigel was summoned to reorganize the Exchequer, or treasury,	,	PUNCT	that	PRON	 that
In one of the tour matches before the Tests, Fingleton scored a defiant 119 *, carrying his bat for New South Wales against the bumper barrage of Harold Larwood and Gubby Allen, ensuring his selection for the First Test. Despite his unbending resistance, his state	state	NOUN	fell	VERB	 fell
Blacklist has platform specific features, including voice integration with Xbox 360's Kinect peripheral which allows players to distract enemies before attacking. A player can also use the Kinect sensor to control the protagonist with their body instead of the Xbox 360 controller. In the Wii U	U	PROPN	version	NOUN	 version
In addition to Barker and the regular cast, actor Jeff Bergman, voice actor Chris Cox, actor Michael Clarke Duncan, actor Keir Gilchrist, actress Beth Littleford and voice actress Rachael MacFarlane guest starred in the episode. Recurring guest voice actors Chris Sheridan, writer Danny	Danny	PROPN	Smith	PROPN	 Smith
This call is monosyllabic, unlike the house sparrow's chirrup call, and is softer than that of the other sparrows. This call is given as a flight call, or by displaying males. Recorded variations include a chweep given by males at the nest and a	a	DET	trilled	ADJ	 trilled
Precious received dozens of nominations in award categories, including six Academy Award nominations, not only for the film itself but for the cast's performances, the direction and cinematography, and the adaptation of the novel to the screenplay. Director Lee Daniels won the People's	's	PART	Choice	PROPN	 Choice
Musser and colleagues agreed, but noted that Colombian animals appeared to have larger skulls. The zygomatic plates are broad and the zygomatic arches (cheekbones) behind them are nearly parallel to each other. The margins of the interorbital region contain prominent beads, which extend to	to	ADP	the	DET	 the
The colliery closed for good in 2005, leading to problems with coastal defence again, threatening the station's coal stocking area. This required to a £2.5 million new coastal defence scheme be put in place, involving the use of large rocks as a defence wall	wall	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
In 2000 electric multiple units were put into service with the Class 73 tilting trains, branded as Signatur and capable of 210 kilometres per hour (130 mph). However, they can not be used at those speed on any part of the Bergen Line, and	and	CCONJ	only	ADV	 only
In 1261 King Henry III held parliament in the county. In 1295, another parliament was held in St Albans, and in 1299, King Edward I gave Hertford Castle to his wife Margaret of France on her wedding day. Hertfordshire is largely on a clay sub	sub	NOUN	soil	NOUN	 soil
They stripped paint additions from the mountain peaks, Leo's robe and in the area around Francis's tonsure. The removal of overpainting revealed an X that had been scratched into the original paint on the upper right stones at some unknown time. According to Butler,	,	PUNCT	the	DET	 the
Despite the mirror Enterprise being destroyed in the first installment, during the second episode the standing sets were reused to represent the ISS Avenger. Both a Tholian and a Gorn were created in post production using CGI. The Gorn in particular required an actor in a tracking	tracking	NOUN	suit	NOUN	 suit
" Lasseter commended that Chris Buck's latest version was fun and very light hearted, but the characters were not multifaceted, and thus did not resonate for the producer. The original character of Gerda, known as Anna, was one of the three major characters in	in	ADP	the	DET	 the
In January 2007 Siemens announced that the issues had been resolved and that screens would start appearing at 158 stations by the end of the year. In 2008, the system wide roll out was pushed back again, to 2011, with the MTA citing technical problems.	.	PUNCT	An	DET	 An
As they passed The Doves pub, Oxford slowly began to gain, rating marginally higher. Cavenagh pushed on again before Chiswick Eyot but could not prevent the Light Blues extending their lead to nearly a length by the time the crews passed Chiswick Steps. Despite further spurts	spurts	NOUN	from	ADP	 from
In 1992 a group of liberal deputies of the Moscow City Council proposed Bukovsky's candidacy for elections of the new Mayor of Moscow, following the resignation of the previous Mayor, Gavriil Popov. Bukovsky refused the offer, stating that to fulfil the mayor ’ s duties	duties	NOUN	he	PRON	 he
After their defeat, the Social Democratic Party was outlawed entirely. This, in tandem with a continued a campaign of violence and propaganda by the Nazis, destabilised the austrofascist regime, and rallied many to support the idea of Anschluss. The Nazi campaign was ultimately successful	successful	ADJ	,	PUNCT	,
As of February 2007, 100,000 copies had been shipped in North America, which Capcom's vice president of marketing found to be surprising. Phoenix Wright: Ace Attorney Trilogy was the 139th best selling game of the year in Japan in 2014, with 46,819 copies sold	sold	VERB	.	PUNCT	.
The road then crosses into the town of Patterson and meets I 84 by way of an interchange. Construction is planned to start in summer 2012 for general bridge rehabilitation of the I 84 interchange. Proceeding eastward, it follows an erratic path, turning in different directions	directions	NOUN	due	ADP	 due
In a press statement early in November 2011, Couric commented that the special's story will amaze viewers and show a different side of Gaga: This is a chance to see more of who she is beneath the wild costumes and staged musical numbers... Lady Gaga as	as	ADP	a	DET	 a
The boilers had an operating pressure of 11.25 kg / cm2 (1,103 kPa; 160 psi) and they required that a third funnel be added which necessitated extensive structural modifications. The rear military mast was replaced by a simple pole mast and sea trials in July 1906	1906	NUM	showed	VERB	 showed
He was replaced in 1962 by his brother, Albert, who was defeated by Siaka Stevens in the 1967 general election. Stevens was overthrown within hours by the commander of the army, but was later reinstated after the commander was himself overthrown. Sierra Leone became a	a	DET	republic	NOUN	 republic
Only three contemporary or near contemporary accounts of the games survive. The works of Suetonius and Cassius Dio focus on major events, while Martial provides some fragments of information on individual entertainments and the only detailed record of a gladiatorial combat in the arena known to survive:	:	PUNCT	the	DET	 the
Three Fat Man high explosive pre assemblies, designated F31, F32, and F33, were picked up at Kirtland on 28 July by three B 29s; two, Luke the Spook and Laggin ' Dragon, from the 509th Composite Group's 393d Bombardment Squadron plus one	one	NUM	from	ADP	 from
The film's animators were never given a screenplay, and were instead told by Bakshi to " Do a scene that's funny, whatever you want to do! " A soundtrack album, Songs from the Cool World, featuring recordings by My Life with the Thrill	Thrill	PROPN	Kill	PROPN	 Kill
He may have taken an active part in trying to calm the rebellions in the north in 1068 and 1069. The medieval chronicler William of Malmesbury records a story that when the new sheriff of Worcester, Urse d'Abetot, encroached on the cemetery of the cathedral chapter for	for	ADP	Worcester	PROPN	 Worcester
Henry called for changes to Arsenal's forward line and felt the team would benefit from a " fox in the box, " a player who would stay in and around the penalty area to score. " When I make wide runs and put in crosses there is	is	VERB	often	ADV	 often
In particular, he complimented the performances of " Don't Speak ", " Hey Baby " and " Just a Girl ", giving the DVD 3 out of 5 stars. Allmusic reviewer Hal Horowitz, however, described the music as so " radically doctored "	"	PUNCT	that	SCONJ	 that
The plot concerns two villains intent on destroying Washington, D.C.. The player must use the helicopter and occasionally other vehicles to thwart their plans. Its game engine was carried over from a failed attempt at a flight simulator and was inspired by Matchbox toys and Choplifter.	.	PUNCT	Jungle	PROPN	 Jungle
At the end of the appeals process, the case was heard by the Supreme Court of India; the court ruled in Jindal's favour, asking the Government of India to consider the matter. The Union Cabinet of India then amended the Indian Flag Code with effect	effect	NOUN	from	ADP	 from
Just as Mercer (Ryan Devlin) (the actual rapist) is about to rape his next victim, he abruptly learns that Veronica has changed places with his victim. Veronica tases Mercer, and they have a quick fight before Veronica escapes. She is let into	into	ADP	Moe	PROPN	 Moe
To alleviate the Mormon population's concerns over religious freedom, Taylor promised they would have relative independence from Congress despite being a federal territory. Taylor sent his only State of the Union report to Congress in December 1849. He recapped international events and suggested several adjustments to	to	ADP	tariff	NOUN	 tariff
The heavier versions of the Selay heads were worn by actors in the background of the scenes, although Westmore described them as being " very uncomfortable ". The Antican mask didn't allow for any movement at all with the exception of the actors being able to poke	poke	VERB	their	PRON	 their
1997) Decreased oceanic salinity, due to the influx of fresh water Decreased sea surface temperature estimates off the West African coast through biochemical indicators known as alkenones (Sachs 2005) Changes in sedimentary disturbance (bioturbation) caused by burrowing animals (Grousett et al. 2000	2000	NUM	)	PUNCT	)
The Andriyivskyy Descent also has a number of monuments. One of them is the monument to Yaroslav the Wise, the Grand Prince of Novgorod and Kiev, which depicts him holding a model of the Saint Sophia Cathedral. Another is the monument to Pronya Prokopovna and Svirid	Svirid	PROPN	Golohvastov	PROPN	 Golohvastov
The initiative became known for its Stamp Plan, a philatelic programme that raised funds through United Nations member countries, as well as the support of the Universal Postal Union. At the time, the UNHCR's resources were primarily focused on supporting refugees crossing from Eastern Europe	Europe	PROPN	.	PUNCT	.
In 1877, he outlawed the enslavement of the Makoa community. Rainilaiarivony expanded the public education system, declaring school attendance mandatory in 1881 and forming a cadre of school inspectors the following year to ensure education quality. The island's first pharmacy was established by LMS missionaries	missionaries	NOUN	in	ADP	 in
Players on the Xbox 360 can delete individual songs after downloading the pack. Some songs are not transferable because of licensing issues — not technical issues — according to Bright. Tim Riley, the head of music licensing at Activision, stated that the company will continue to	to	PART	seek	VERB	 seek
The origins of Typhoon Gay were from a tropical disturbance east of the International Date Line along a monsoon trough that extended west to the South China Sea in mid November 1992. The same trough had earlier spawned Tropical Storm Forrest and would later create Typhoon Hunt. The	The	DET	tropical	ADJ	 tropical
Thank you for coming to our show. The night is young, and the show has just begun. " A huge assortment of steel rods and gymnastic equipment were planted on the stage. Madonna started singing the song, as her dancers started running around, displaying	displaying	VERB	routines	NOUN	 routines
) She also admits to having aborted a pregnancy that she claims was the result of the rape; it is later revealed that she in fact aborted Frank's child, with his consent. She then converts the focus on that issue into political support that becomes critical	critical	ADJ	to	ADP	 to
These latter cells are terminal or in short, terminal chains, and are borne on moderately abundant, thin walled, branched, interwoven, sometimes nearly coralloid hyphae, 3 – 9.5 µm diameter with a few scattered oleiferous (oil containing) hyphae, 5 – 12.5	12.5	NUM	µm	NOUN	 µm
By midday, the two squadrons were reduced to one Sherman and three Grants and the commanding officer had been badly wounded and evacuated. The 10th Armoured Division, under the command of Major General Alexander H. Gatehouse, was at this stage supposed to pass through and onwards	onwards	ADV	to	PART	 to
This was confirmed by Roosevelt, as the private shipyards ' bids were seen as unjustly inflated. The contracts for North Carolina and Washington — names had been officially chosen on 3 May 1937 — were sent to the New York and Philadelphia yards, respectively, on 24	24	NUM	June	PROPN	 June
Convection continued to diminish, and on March 14 Jokwe weakened to tropical depression status as the center became almost fully exposed. Early on March 15, the MFR issued its last advisory on the system. The remnants accelerated southeastward and dissipated on March 16 to the southwest	southwest	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
He is the son of Three Dog Night's Danny Hutton and knew Este socially after she had seen his old band, Wires on Fire. The EP received attention from the music industry following a successful series of shows at the South by Southwest festival in March.	.	PUNCT	Danielle	PROPN	 Danielle
" If we see that Germany is winning we ought to help Russia, and if Russia is winning we ought to help Germany, and that way let them kill as many as possible although I don't want to see Hitler victorious under any circumstances. Vice President	President	PROPN	Henry	PROPN	 Henry
The Miami blue was feared to be extinct after Hurricane Andrew in 1992, but a population was found in 1999 at Bahia Honda Key. Captive breeding produced 25,000 Miami blues, some of which have been released on Elliott Key with mixed results. Beyond the keys in	in	ADP	the	DET	 the
The mission also received criticism from politicians and anti torture charity groups. The game became subject to widespread online debate over its portrayal of women, particularly in the wake of backlash against GameSpot journalist Carolyn Petit when she claimed the game was misogynistic in her review. After	After	SCONJ	Petit	PROPN	 Petit
, Kendrick and London lost a tag team match to the pair. As a result, they were scheduled to defend the championship against Regal and Taylor at Armageddon; at the event, the match was changed to a four way ladder match also involving MNM and The	The	DET	Hardys	PROPN	 Hardys
Sakura learns that Fei Wang was responsible for scattering her memories and set up the journey to recover them for his own plans, but she still decides to continue in order to save Syaoran. From that point on, Sakura becomes very distant from the group, especially	especially	ADV	the	DET	 the
When the Great Central Railway (GCR) from the north of England opened, Quainton Road became a significant junction at which trains from four directions met, and by far the busiest of the MR's rural stations. In 1933 the Metropolitan Railway was taken into public	public	ADJ	ownership	NOUN	 ownership
According to some press reports he sat up in hospital and asked visitors for their impressions of his ordeal in the cage. Most historians of the affair, however, believe that Davidson never recovered consciousness. He died on 30 July, his death possibly hastened by an	an	DET	insulin	NOUN	 insulin
" The idea for " Homer's Enemy " was first conceived by Oakley, who thought that Homer should have an enemy. This evolved into the concept of a " real world " co worker who would either love or hate Homer. The writers chose the latter	latter	ADJ	as	SCONJ	 as
There have historically been elite invite only societies such as the Bullingdon Club. Sports teams, but also other societies and groups organised especially for the purpose, often take part in crewdates. These evenings involve ' crews ' (often one of each gender, hence the	the	DET	name	NOUN	 name
; these conflicts are further deepened in the ensuing slow movements. Once these contrasts are resolved at the finale, by intensive musical integration and the gradual transition from one tonality to the next, a sense of reconciliation, of acceptance and homecoming, is invoked. Fisk	Fisk	PROPN	's	PART	's
Reunited with his daughter, Victor asks the Alchemist Army to turn him into a homunculus and tells them that he and his daughter will lead all the homunculi to the moon. The Alchemist Army dedicates itself to research a way to revert homunculi back into humans, ending	ending	VERB	their	PRON	 their
It is sometimes sung without the " Fenian " line but has also been sung in its original form. Other Scottish football clubs, among them Heart of Midlothian and Kilmarnock, use versions of " Billy Boys " adapted to support their own clubs. The Billy Boys	Boys	PROPN	song	NOUN	 song
" Titanic was subjected to extreme opposing forces – the flooded bow pulling her down while the air in the stern kept her to the surface – which were concentrated at one of the weakest points in the structure, the area of the engine room hatch. Shortly after	after	SCONJ	the	DET	 the
All players were allowed to wear the numbers they use in their respective teams. For Team Lidstrom, Henrik Sedin and Dustin Byfuglien both wore number 33, while Brad Richards and Steven Stamkos wore number 91. Team Staal had three pairs having same number: Patrick Sharp	Sharp	PROPN	and	CCONJ	 and
It was constructed and renovated between 1882 and 1915 to protect the Russian Empire's western borders, and was designated a " first class " fortress in 1887. During World War I, the complex was the largest defensive structure in the entire state, occupying 65 km2	km2	NOUN	(	PUNCT	 (
Although many intracellular proteins are synthesized in the cytoplasm and membrane bound or secreted proteins in the endoplasmic reticulum, the specifics of how proteins are targeted to specific organelles or cellular structures is often unclear. A useful technique for assessing cellular localization uses genetic engineering to express in	in	ADP	a	DET	 a
The act also received support from mining interests because such large purchases would cause the price of silver to rise and increase their profits. Despite the Act's requiring large purchases of silver indefinitely, it provided that the Mint must coin 2,000,000 silver dollars each month only until	until	ADP	1891	NUM	 1891
For the dissent, even if the dismissal was for the wrong reason and harm was suffered, the dismissal can not infringe upon rights he never exercised. Further supporting their argument, the dissent cited Monterey v. Del Monte Dunes at Monterey, Ltd. to argue that a	a	DET	Section	PROPN	 Section
This has been seen as " a major turning point in the history of the discipline ", allowing archaeologists to look at the past through a spatial dynamic rather than simply a temporal one. Childe adopted the concept of " culture " from German philologist and archaeologist Gustav	Gustav	PROPN	Kossinna	PROPN	 Kossinna
The station building is on the down side. Wadhurst Wadhurst station is 39 miles 23 chains (63.23 km) from Charing Cross. The station building is in the Italianate style, with a later one bay extension. The 1893 built signal box, decommissioned on 20	20	NUM	April	PROPN	 April
Halas and his coaches, primarily Clark Shaughnessy, invented a rather complex scheme building on the traditional T formation, but needed the right quarterback to run it properly. Upon starting with Halas, Luckman mastered an offense that revolutionized football, and became the basis of most	most	ADJ	modern	ADJ	 modern
In May, he finished second to Ronaldo for the FWA Footballer of the Year award. On 4 May 2008, Torres scored a 57th minute winner against Manchester City, which equalled the consecutive Anfield league goal record of eight games set by Roger Hunt. After scoring	scoring	VERB	his	PRON	 his
The castle was almost destroyed during the construction of the London and Birmingham Railway in the 1830s. As a result, it became the first building in Britain to receive statutory protection from Parliament. In 1930, the castle passed from the Duchy of Cornwall to the government	government	NOUN	's	PART	's
The route begins at the mouth of Parley's Canyon at the junction of I 80 and heads south through the edge of the Salt Lake City metropolitan area's eastern suburbs of Millcreek, Holladay, and Cottonwood Heights. It continues west through Murray before turning north again	again	ADV	,	PUNCT	,
Production of Valkyrie was then estimated to have a budget of US $80 million, with two thirds to be spent in Germany. The German Federal Film Fund issued €4.8 million (US $6.64 million) to United Artists to assist with production. The filmmakers	filmmakers	NOUN	received	VERB	 received
Chagatai's khan, Qara Hülëgü, had recently died. Alghu fought and killed Abishkha, a rival claimant to the throne endorsed by Kublai as ruler of the khanate. Alghu was one of Ariq Böke's strongest supporters and he appointed him khan of Chagatai. The	The	DET	khanate	NOUN	 khanate
Tourists could contact the Nevada Commission on Tourism to receive a traveler's kit containing information about the highway, nearby cultural attractions, and area services. Visitors that patronized businesses in Rachel and central Nevada and submitted an account of their journey received Extraterrestrial Highway memorabilia. Stories	Stories	NOUN	from	ADP	 from
Tryon's force forded the Saugatuck River well above Arnold's position. This prompted Arnold and the chasing militia, now led by General Silliman, to attempt an entrapment of the British before they reached the beach. However, the British column, moving at full speed	speed	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
In early 1911, Margaret J. Anderson, a wealthy widow, and her son, Stanley S. Anderson, who had been managing the Hollywood Hotel, ordered the construction of the Beverly Hills Hotel, in close proximity to the Burton Green mansion. Burton Green, an	an	DET	oil	NOUN	 oil
Males and female plumages are similar in appearance, as is that of the juvenile, for those species for which it has been described; in some species the juvenile shows pale fringes to the flight feathers. The legs, as with many swifts, are very short	short	ADJ	,	PUNCT	,
" It was the second single of the bands Forever 7 album. Also in 2012, American alternative rock band Lazlo Bane released a cover on Guilty Pleasures the 80's Volume 1 EP. Their version was used in ABC's Private Practice episode " Short Cuts "	"	PUNCT	two	NUM	 two
Apple had dropped the term " Power " from the other machines in their lineup, and started using " Pro " on their higher end laptop offerings. As such, the name " Mac Pro " was widely used before the machine was announced. The Mac Pro	Pro	PROPN	is	AUX	 is
In Japan, the original opening credit sequences were replaced with a montage of action clips from various episodes, accompanied by a unique theme song performed by children. This version is included in the special features of the Captain Scarlet DVD box set. Captain Scarlet officially opened	opened	VERB	on	ADP	 on
Ebert called the film " the year's most slashing political commentary ", but also said, " It is too long and runs out of steam, but it serves as a signpost for our troubled times. Just for the information it contains about the way we	we	PRON	live	VERB	 live
President Barack Obama later said he was " grateful to the Marines who pursued the information that led to Captain Speicher's recovery so that he can now come home. " The deployment was mostly uneventful and 3 / 3 was ultimately relieved by 3rd Battalion, 24th Marines	Marines	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
Lee stated the song was inspired by and talked about her relationship with the band's fans, and the realization that following a music career " is what I'm supposed to do ". She also explained that the theme of the song was freedom, saying that	that	SCONJ	the	DET	 the
) Thus, about 90% of the observed stars above 0.5 M ☉ will be on the main sequence. On average, main sequence stars are known to follow an empirical mass luminosity relationship. The luminosity (L) of the star is roughly proportional to the	the	DET	total	ADJ	 total
Leading collectors, including the King, tended to keep nudes, many mythological, in relatively private rooms; in Phillip's case " the room where His Majesty retires after eating ", which contained the Titian poesies he had inherited from Phillip II, and the Rubens	Rubens	PROPN	he	PRON	 he
They were also used in an indirect fire support role, in which they fired over the heads and from the flanks of the advancing infantry and behind the German trenches to stop reinforcements and supplies from getting to the front. The Tank Corps was formed as the Heavy	Heavy	PROPN	Section	PROPN	 Section
There have been attempts to provide empirical support for the view that Jewish food laws have an overarching health benefit or purpose, one of the earliest being from Maimonides in his Guide for the Perplexed. In 1953, David Macht, an Orthodox Jew and proponent of the	the	DET	theory	NOUN	 theory
The rector of St James ' is assisted by associate rectors (it was not until the 1890s that the title " rector " was used). The current (sixteenth) rector is the Reverend Andrew Sempell and the associate rector is the Reverend John Stewart. St	St	PROPN	James	PROPN	 James
When a Bludger, one of the balls involved in Quidditch, chases after Harry instead of zigzagging toward any player it can hit, breaking his arm, Dobby returns in the middle of the night to visit Harry in the hospital wing, revealing that it was he	he	PRON	who	PRON	 who
The panorama format consisted of " long strips of paper, on which the individual pages of pictures and text were arranged in order from left to right. " Potter was at Hill Top in July 1906 during the development of Miss Moppet, and the kitten she borrowed	borrowed	VERB	as	ADP	 as
" According to an MTV News staff report, as of July 2006, more than two thousand people had signed an online petition addressed to Beyoncé's record label, Columbia, demanding a reshoot for the video. By the end of August 2006, 5000 additional fans	fans	NOUN	had	AUX	 had
At Second Bull Run, he concentrated his attention on attacking Jackson while the other Confederate corps attacked his flank and routed his army. Following Manassas, Pope was banished far from the Eastern Theater to the Department of the Northwest in Minnesota, where he commanded U.S. Forces	Forces	PROPN	in	ADP	 in
As such, it was liable to cause a cutaneous erythema in the course of its excretion by the skin, had a marked diuretic action, and was a fairly efficient disinfectant of the urinary passages. Its administration caused the appearance in the urine of a salt of	of	ADP	cubebic	PROPN	 cubebic
In an initial deposition, the Embraer flight crew testified that they were cleared to flight level 370, approximately 37,000 feet (11,000 m) above mean sea level, by Brasilia ATC, and were level at that assigned altitude when the collision occurred. They also asserted	asserted	VERB	that	SCONJ	 that
It first aired in the United States on February 10, 2009 on the Fox network to an estimated 9.83 million viewers, placing second in its timeslot. The episode earned a 4.1 / 10 ratings share among adults aged 18 to 49, meaning that it was seen	seen	VERB	by	ADP	 by
Dikshit praises the aesthetics of the work Śrīsītārāmakelikaumudī saying that it represents all the six Sampradāyas of Indian literature (Rīti, Rasa, Alaṅkāra, Dhvani, Vakrokti and Aucitya), and that it is a unique work of Rambhadracharya when it comes to figures of speech.	.	PUNCT	Dikshit	PROPN	 Dikshit
Australian troops arrived in Greece during March and manned defensive positions in the north of the country alongside British, New Zealand and Greek units. The outnumbered Allied force was not able to halt the Germans when they invaded on 6 April and was forced to retreat. The	The	DET	Australians	PROPN	 Australians
After talking to Sutcliffe one night at the Casbah Coffee Club (owned by Pete Best's mother, Mona Best), Lennon and McCartney persuaded Sutcliffe to buy a Höfner President 500 / 5 model bass guitar on hire purchase from Frank Hessey's Music Shop. Sutcliffe	Sutcliffe	PROPN	was	AUX	 was
" He noted, " In terms of its mood, ' Love Is Blindness ' had the dark, sensual and decadent feel of pre war Berlin ", adding that the lyric " Love is blindness / I don't want to see " was " a desolate	desolate	ADJ	acknowledgement	NOUN	 acknowledgement
After intense lobbying by Supervisors Milk and Silver, as well as State Assemblyman Willie Brown, Moscone announced on November 26, 1978, that he would not be reappointing Dan White to the seat he had vacated. The next morning White went to City Hall armed with	with	ADP	his	PRON	 his
This same day, Nelson — who was apparently exhausted and / or sick — was replaced as commander of the 132nd by Lieutenant Colonel Alexander M. George. Some sources suggest that he was physically and mentally exhausted and / or suffering from malaria and either requested his own	own	ADJ	relief	NOUN	 relief
This model was the standard Japanese light anti aircraft gun during World War II, but it suffered from severe design shortcomings that rendered it a largely ineffective weapon. The twin and triple mounts " lacked sufficient speed in train or elevation; the gun sights were unable to	to	PART	handle	VERB	 handle
Although Rossier failed even to embark on the mission he had been hired to document, he remained in East Asia for some time longer. By October 1860, Rossier had returned to Nagasaki, where he took photographs of the harbour on behalf of the British Consul,	,	PUNCT	George	PROPN	 George
On August 25, 2011, Malda resigned as Editor in Chief with immediate effect. He did not mention any plans for the future, other than spending more time with his family, catching up on some reading, and possibly writing a book. His final farewell	farewell	NOUN	message	NOUN	 message
Throughout this period, she also championed Percy Shelley's poetry, promoting its publication and quoting it in her writing. By 1837, Percy's works were well known and increasingly admired. In the summer of 1838 Edward Moxon, the publisher of Tennyson and the son	son	NOUN	in	ADP	 in
Game Revolution writer Nick Tan enjoyed the game greatly, but admitted that its lack of depth reduced the score he could give it as a reviewer. Joe Juba, writing for Game Informer, found The Demon Blade " stunning " despite some missteps in its pacing and	and	CCONJ	depth	NOUN	 depth
The partitioning powers (in particular, Russia) demanded that the Sejm pass further reforms, with the intent of strengthening their power over the Commonwealth. The original commission was allowed to work till January 1774, extending the Sejm, which was adjourned again. The commission	commission	NOUN	was	AUX	 was
There are two doctors ' surgeries in Shepton Mallet, a National Health Service community hospital formerly operated by Somerset Primary Care Trust, and an independent sector treatment centre, which carries out a range of surgical procedures. The nearest general hospital is the Royal United Hospital in	in	ADP	Bath	PROPN	 Bath
The length of the time step chosen within the model is related to the distance between the points on the computational grid, and is chosen to maintain numerical stability. Time steps for global models are on the order of tens of minutes, while time steps for regional	regional	ADJ	models	NOUN	 models
A bidding process was enacted, multimillion dollar luxury apartment complexes were built in the suburb of Kingston, driving property values to record breaking levels. After a dispute over the environmental impact of the development, building works commenced on the previously industrial lakeside area of the suburb	suburb	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
Ewald and a few of his jägers were in the vanguard of Grant's column and engaged the American sentries to the south of Bound Brook. Unaware that this was supposed to be a feint, Ewald drove the sentries back nearly to the main redoubt where the outpost	outpost	NOUN	's	PART	's
As the senior member of the Hamdanid dynasty, he inherited the family power base around Mosul from his father, and was able to secure it against challenges by his uncles. Hasan became involved in the court intrigues of the Abbasid Caliphate in Baghdad, and, between	between	ADP	942	NUM	 942
Polish language books were burned even in the primary schools. Polish teachers were not allowed in the schools, and many were arrested. Classes were held in Belorussian, Lithuanian and Ukrainian, with a new pro Soviet curriculum. As Polish Canadian historian Piotr Wróbel noted,	,	PUNCT	citing	VERB	 citing
This particular pattern of expansion into the lands of Poland and then Germany (another, more southern 6th century route took the Prague culture Slavs through Slovakia, Moravia and Bohemia) was a part of the great Slavic migration, which took many of them during this 5th	5th	NOUN	–	PUNCT	 –
Later in the same year, he decided to return to Bucharest, but his stay was cut short when the Austrian authorities, who, under the leadership of Johann Coronini Cronberg, had taken over administration of the country as a neutral force, asked for him to	to	PART	be	AUX	 be
Panorama was an area of chert production while Municipal is associated with the ritual complex of the city. The acropolis was built on a 30 metre (98 ft) high limestone hill. The base is almost square, measuring 140 metres (460 ft) on each	each	DET	side	NOUN	 side
The next destination was Tonga where Delahaye collected breadfruit for transport to the Isle de France (now Mauritius), then to New Caledonia (where Kermadec, captain of the Espérance died), past Vanikoro Island (unaware that this is where La Pérouse had been shipwrecked	shipwrecked	VERB	)	PUNCT	)
If magazine described Ratatoing, a 2007 Brazilian computer graphics cartoon by Vídeo Brinquedo, as a " ripoff " of Ratatouille. Marco Aurélio Canônico of Folha de S. Paulo described Ratatoing as a derivative of Ratatouille. Canônico discussed whether lawsuits from Pixar would appear. The Brazilian	Brazilian	ADJ	Ministry	PROPN	 Ministry
At that time, the Yangmacheng tower, the Zhalou sluice tower, the Kuixinglou dipper tower, the Jiaolou corner tower and the Dilou defense tower were all refurbished; the crumbling parts of the rampart were changed into gates; and the moat was restored. In May	May	PROPN	2005	NUM	 2005
Dew formed on the limestone pieces and collected in a reservoir below ground level. The amount of water obtained varied from 1 litre (0.22 imp gal; 0.26 US gal) to 2.5 litres (0.55 imp gal; 0.66 US gal) per day depending on the	the	DET	atmospheric	ADJ	 atmospheric
After his acquittal, he worked as a logger along the Texas Louisiana border, apparently unhindered by his lack of an arm. It was in 1885 that he attended a Baptist revival meeting where he made the decision to become a Christian. Realizing that the lumber camps	camps	NOUN	were	AUX	 were
They had previously won the European Cup on four occasions in 1977, 1978, 1981 and 1984. The match was Milan's tenth appearance in the final. They had won on six occasions (1963, 1969, 1989, 1990, 1994, 2003),	,	PUNCT	and	CCONJ	 and
Wales contributed more players than any other team to the British and Irish Lions that toured New Zealand that year. Those Lions became the only to win a series over the All Blacks. In the 1972 Five Nations Championship, Wales and Scotland refused to travel to Ireland	Ireland	PROPN	at	ADP	 at
On 31 May 1941, a joint army and air force memorandum was approved by the Chiefs of Staff and Winston Churchill; it recommended that the British airborne forces should consist of two parachute brigades, one based in England and the other in the Middle East, and	and	CCONJ	that	SCONJ	 that
With the discovery that the disk of the Andromeda Galaxy (M31) extends much further than previously thought, the possibility of the disk of the Milky Way extending further is apparent, and this is supported by evidence from the discovery of the Outer Arm extension of the	the	DET	Cygnus	PROPN	 Cygnus
In fact, Johnson quit amicably Girlschool in 1999, followed by Lamb in 2000. They were replaced by new lead guitarist Jackie ' Jax ' Chambers and by Enid Williams, who finally rejoined the group after eighteen years. Johnson, who had been diagnosed with cancer	cancer	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
" Redemption Song " draws influence from a speech given by Marcus Garvey in Nova Scotia, 1937. Marley held that independence of African countries from European domination was a victory for all those in the African diaspora. In the song " Africa Unite ", he sings	sings	VERB	of	ADP	 of
If the quadratic form takes only non negative (respectively only non positive) values, the symmetric matrix is called positive semidefinite (respectively negative semidefinite); hence the matrix is indefinite precisely when it is neither positive semidefinite nor negative semidefinite. A symmetric matrix is positive	positive	ADJ	definite	ADJ	 definite
After a long battle, Chris and Jill defeat him and broadcast the video, exposing Lansdale. As a result, O'Brian is released and the FBC is dissolved. In the end, it is revealed that Parker was saved by Raymond from the explosion. In a	a	DET	post	NOUN	 post
It garnered a 3.0 / 8 Nielsen rating / share in the 18 – 49 demographic, and received 7.47 million American viewers during its initial airing. It continued the streak of coming in second in its timeslot to NCIS on CBS, which earned a 3.9 / 11	11	NUM	rating	NOUN	 rating
One gun platform and its equipment was rebuilt in 1997 using money raised by Fort Glanville Historical Association volunteers working at the Australian Grand Prix. In the flank barbettes are mounted two mark III RML 64 pounder 64 cwt guns, numbers 462 and 463. They are rifled	rifled	VERB	muzzle	NOUN	 muzzle
" Digital Spy's Nick Levine also gave Good Girl Gone Bad: Reloaded four out of five stars, but was skeptical about the choice to re release the album, writing that " it isn't worth forking out for Good Girl Gone Bad twice just to hear	hear	VERB	the	DET	 the
If the train passed any large group of homes and did not stop for Bryan to speak, it would at least disgorge a bundle of political tracts for local distribution. McKinley felt he could not match Bryan's speaking tour, as the Democrat was a better stump	stump	NOUN	speaker	NOUN	 speaker
While they waited for the committees to finish their work, the delegates listened to speeches by several prominent Greenbackers, including Denis Kearney, a California labor leader, and William Wallace, a Canadian parliamentarian and advocate for currency reform. Meanwhile, the Credentials Committee voted narrowly	narrowly	ADV	to	PART	 to
In 1987 he had a below average season by his standards, fueling criticism from the New York media, which had never covered Henderson or his eccentricities kindly. Yankees owner George Steinbrenner issued a press release claiming that manager Lou Piniella wanted to trade Henderson for " jaking	jaking	VERB	it	PRON	 it
Some attempted to dissuade potential RNR recruits from signing up, including a black man in Bulawayo who was fined £4 in July 1915 for spreading a false rumour around the city that the British East Africa Transport Corps ' black Southern Rhodesian drivers had had their throats cut	cut	VERB	by	ADP	 by
" Deane Malott, who became president of Cornell in 1951, was much less sympathetic, and instructed Morrison to curtail all activities beyond his academic field. Morrison agreed to do so in 1954. Nonetheless, he was one of the few ex communists to remain employed	employed	ADJ	and	CCONJ	 and
Belgium was declared fully liberated in February 1945. In total, 40,690 Belgians, over half of them Jews, were killed during the occupation and the country's pre war gross domestic product (GDP) was reduced by eight percent. Belgium had pursued a policy of	of	ADP	neutrality	NOUN	 neutrality
The episode has been included in three DVD box sets. The first was the Season Two set, released in on May 7, 2002, and subsequently as part of the Star Trek: Fan Collective - Borg on March 7, 2006 and Star Trek: Fan	Fan	PROPN	Collective	PROPN	 Collective
During the filming of Il bell ' Antonio, her co star Marcello Mastroianni fell in love with her, but she rejected him as she did not take his love seriously, considering him to be one of those actors who can not help but fall in love with	with	ADP	their	PRON	 their
The Retro Hugos were created in the mid 1990s, and were first awarded in 1996. In 2003, the Dramatic Presentation award was split into two categories, Long Form and Short Form. This was repeated with the Best Professional Editor category in 2007. 2009 saw	saw	VERB	the	DET	 the
On 16 June 1992 Guns N ' Roses, supported by Soundgarden and Faith No More, performed at the stadium. This time the weather was hot and sunny which helped ensure that the concert, part of the Use Your Illusion Tour, was a sell out.	.	PUNCT	American	ADJ	 American
Strupper and team captain Walker Carpenter were the first players from the Deep South selected for an All America first team. Strupper was named as one of four backs on Georgia Tech's " All Era " team for the Heisman era covering the years from 1904 to 1919	1919	NUM	.	PUNCT	.
By the Mile Post, and despite pushes from Oxford, the Light Blues were about half a length ahead. A spurt at Harrods Furniture Depository saw them gain an extra half length before they passed under Hammersmith Bridge a length and a half ahead of Oxford. Although	Although	SCONJ	the	DET	 the
The social environment created by the publicity of the Payne Fund Studies and religious protests reached such a fever pitch that a member of the Hays Office described it as a " state of war ". However, newspapers including The Plain Dealer (Cleveland), New Orleans	Orleans	PROPN	Times	PROPN	 Times
While watching the Dumbass recordings, Doggett notices that Dylan was at each of the stunts and decides to question him. While the two agents talk to Dylan, his mother appears and tries to stop the questioning. During the proceedings, Dylan becomes covered in flies;	;	PUNCT	subsequently	ADV	 subsequently
The crops grown by the Japanese were not popular with the Brazilians, and the Japanese investors eventually gave up on the project. Maeda also continued teaching judo, now mostly to the children of Japanese immigrants. Consequently, in 1929, the Kodokan promoted him to 6th	6th	PROPN	dan	PROPN	 dan
Many cultivars of the Freeman maple are also grown widely. Below is a partial list of cultivars: ' Armstrong ' - Columnar to fastigate in shape with silvery bark and modest orange to red fall foliage ' Autumn Blaze ' - Rounded oval form with leaves that resemble	resemble	VERB	the	DET	 the
Most teams did not believe him, but the Kansas City Royals, although they were unsure enough that they waited until the fourth round of the Major League Baseball Draft to select him. Jackson vowed never to play football again and accepted an offer from the Royals worth	worth	ADJ	much	ADV	 much
He went 0 – 3 with a 5.24 ERA in eight starts. His final start of 2004 came on May 18 against the Texas Rangers. Affeldt gave up five runs in four innings and received a no – decision in a 7 – 6 victory by the Royals	Royals	PROPN	.	PUNCT	.
Mihailović and Ostojić realised that the large concentrations of Chetnik troops in and around Mostar and the nearby bauxite mines were likely to draw German attention, and while they were focused on this issue, the Partisans forced a crossing of the Neretva. Within a week of Mihailović	Mihailović	PROPN	's	PART	's
This will require the stadium's movable stands to be permanently locked into position for baseball, making it impossible to host CFL games. The stadium issue generated significant press and raised concerns over the team's long term viability given that the Argonauts losses have been estimated anywhere	anywhere	ADV	from	ADP	 from
Following this move, the newly created fictitious 80th Infantry Division was assigned to the imaginary Corps. To aid in the deception, signallers from the 61st Infantry Division maintained wireless traffic, to give the Germans the impression of an actual 80th Division. In addition, Juan	Juan	PROPN	Pujol	PROPN	 Pujol
The first six books have been published in Korea, Italy and Latin America, and the first five series in Germany. Fandom also exists in Trinidad and Singapore. The first two books have been published in Poland. The Warriors website features Warriors screensavers, along with	with	ADP	videos	NOUN	 videos
The last shipment of Alpha product was on made 11 May 1944. On 7 June 1944, Y 12 made its first delivery of weapons grade Beta product, enriched to as high as 89% uranium 235. A major problem was that of loss of feed material	material	NOUN	and	CCONJ	 and
The situation was particularly problematic for Plymouth Colony, as it had existed without a formal charter since its founding. Plymouth did not get their wish for a formal charter; instead, a new charter was issued, combining Plymouth Colony, Massachusetts Bay Colony, and other	other	ADJ	territories	NOUN	 territories
Traditionally, these four families have been taken to together comprise the order Beloniformes. The halfbeaks and flyingfishes are considered to form one group, the superfamily Exocoetoidea, and the needlefishes and sauries another, the superfamily Scomberesocoidea. On the other hand, recent studies have demonstrated	demonstrated	VERB	that	SCONJ	 that
She meets Waterston's daughter, Maggie (Stacy Haiduk), who is extremely resentful of Scully for the effect she had on Waterston's family. Mulder — on his way to England investigating heart chakra shaped crop circles — calls Scully and asks her to meet a	a	DET	contact	NOUN	 contact
On July 14, Harlem taxidermist and Barnum and Bailey lion tamer Michael Schleisser caught a 7.5 foot (2.3 m), 325 pound (147 kg) shark while fishing in Raritan Bay only a few miles from the mouth of Matawan Creek. The shark nearly sank	sank	VERB	the	DET	 the
They are more advanced than both the Initiate and the Warrior classes in that they spend the vast majority of their time on two feet only. Of these fifteen classes, three were created to appear female. Paramount secured the likeness rights of Chris Pine and Zachary Quinto	Quinto	PROPN	in	ADP	 in
During the afternoon, satellites revealed that Laura had developed a deep warm core, a characteristic of a tropical cyclone, but the wind field remained subtropical in nature. By the nighttime hours, the radius of the strongest winds contracted to 80 mi (130 km)	)	PUNCT	,	PUNCT	,
It has been suggested that life could exist in the lakes of liquid methane on Titan, just as organisms on Earth live in water. Such organisms would inhale H2 in place of O2, metabolize it with acetylene instead of glucose, and exhale methane instead of carbon	carbon	NOUN	dioxide	NOUN	 dioxide
Early Japanese settlers taught their children to speak Japanese. Some, like traders and settlers with Micronesian wives, learned to speak some Micronesian languages. Japanese replaced the Micronesian languages as the lingua franca for day to day communication and administrative purposes for both Japanese and Micronesians.	.	PUNCT	However	ADV	 However
" JOP Bland, though deeming Townsend's conclusions " as a whole... unconvincing ", at least found the chapter on opium " particularly instructive. " Also among the book's detractors were missionaries, whom Townsend had criticized. They reviewed the book negatively in a	a	DET	variety	NOUN	 variety
When Dugard and her daughters were eventually allowed to come into contact with other people, they continued this fiction. Phillip operated a print shop where Dugard acted as the graphic artist. Ben Daughdrill, a customer of Phillip's printing business, claimed that he met and	and	CCONJ	spoke	VERB	 spoke
In December 2014, the IATA task force recommended that, within 12 months, airlines track commercial aircraft in no longer than 15 minute intervals, although it still has not released its report and full details of proposed changes. The IATA itself did not support the deadline	deadline	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
As Guildenstern leaves for the Grand Cathedral, Rosencrantz searches for Ashley and Sydney. Finding them, Rosencrantz, confident in his immunity against Darkness, tries to force Sydney to surrender his powers. Rosencrantz also assaults Ashley to prove that he is not a suitable candidate for	for	ADP	the	DET	 the
Cut scenes are added in before and after matches as the main story telling device, and utilize the same character models as the fights. The game has six story arcs and begins with Makunouchi Ippo, the protagonist from the manga series. Story mode also unlocks more	more	ADJ	options	NOUN	 options
Under the command of General Mark Jamison Sheppard, the player completes missions that range from securing a beach, to rescuing civilians and scientists, to defending GDI bases from Nod assaults. Combat occurs in countries of Central and Eastern Europe. A major plot element is an	an	DET	international	ADJ	 international
The song typifies Harrison's ideal for a world unencumbered by national, religious or cultural delineation. In 2009, Voormann and Yusuf Islam covered " The Day the World Gets ' Round " and released it as a single to benefit children in war torn Gaza. In	In	ADP	his	PRON	 his
It reached number thirty six on the US Adult Pop Songs chart, becoming their first song other than a Christmas song to appear on an airplay chart. Internationally, it reached the top thirty in at least five other markets. The song's performance was featured in	in	ADP	the	DET	 the
He improved his batting average in 1928, accumulating 517 runs at 25.85 with four more fifties. However, after 1928, he never averaged more than 16.26 with the bat and only scored two more fifties in his career, both in 1929. From the 1931 season	season	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
Demolition reached No.28 in the UK Album Chart in July 1980. In the same period, albums and singles from Judas Priest, Saxon, Def Leppard, Iron Maiden, Motörhead and other bands of the NWOBHM reached high positions in the UK charts, while the same	same	ADJ	bands	NOUN	 bands
Another college rower, James Page, was appointed Secretary of the Amateur Rowing Association and coached both the Oxford and Cambridge University boat clubs. The college boathouse, which is shared with the boat club of Keble College, is in Christ Church Meadow, on the Isis	Isis	PROPN	(	PUNCT	 (
After Zapata's taking of Cuautla, the federal government controlled only five states and some urban areas. Porfirio Díaz himself later stated that, while he felt that he could defend against Villa and Orozco in Chihuahua, the fall of Cuautla was the event which persuaded him	him	PRON	to	PART	 to
According to later Scandinavian sources, he helped another possible foster son, Hakon, son of Harald Fairhair, king of Norway, to reclaim his throne, and he was known among Norwegians as " Æthelstan the Good ". Æthelstan's court was perhaps the most cosmopolitan	cosmopolitan	ADJ	of	ADP	 of
On the Gulf side of Florida, the edge of the Floridian Plateau lies more than 160 kilometres (99 mi) offshore of Marco Island in Collier County. Florida Bay, lying between the Florida Keys and the mainland, is also very shallow; depths typically vary	vary	VERB	between	ADP	 between
To eliminate destruction of corals in their indigenous regions, projects have been started to grow corals in non tropical countries. Local economies near major coral reefs benefit from an abundance of fish and other marine creatures as a food source. Reefs also provide recreational scuba diving and	and	CCONJ	snorkeling	VERB	 snorkeling
One reviewer noted in 1901 that " It is a part of the progress of the day that the Nature study is coming into prominence in our schemes of education, and, beyond these, is entering into our plans for coveted diversion, yet it is a real	real	ADJ	surprise	NOUN	 surprise
The square lies within an area bound by Lisle Street, to the north; Charing Cross Road, to the east; Orange Street, to the south; and Whitcomb Street, to the west. The park at the centre of the Square is bound by Cranbourn	Cranbourn	PROPN	Street	PROPN	 Street
Four motorized companies from the Negev Brigade left Be ' er Tuvia. They set up a position of 4.2 inch mortars and medium machine guns about midway between Isdud and Beit Daras, to shell Isdud from the southeast. A reinforced company also left Be ' er Tuvia	Tuvia	PROPN	and	CCONJ	 and
They may also engage in play fighting, in which two marmots on their hind legs push each other with their paws; this play fighting is more aggressive between older marmots. In fights that have been observed during a study, only about 10% of fights had	had	VERB	distinct	ADJ	 distinct
According to the singer, " She wanted to know, ' Who is this? Who produced it? How did this happen? ' " Aside from this, however, Madonna also wanted to explore the British club musical scene, where genres such as dub had	had	AUX	been	AUX	 been
During February and March 1942, the RAAF formed four transport units: Nos. 33, 34, 35 and 36 Squadrons. No. 34 (Transport) Squadron was established on 23 February at RAAF Station Darwin, Northern Territory, four days after the city was	was	AUX	bombed	VERB	 bombed
Sitcom star Roseanne Barr also expressed an interest in guesting on The X Files, and Carter wrote the part of Shaineh Berkowitz specifically for her. Barr, however, was unavailable at the time of shooting — her projected role was filled by Pattie Tierce — while Cher	Cher	PROPN	passed	VERB	 passed
The 1965 championship thus became the NFL's last before the Super Bowl era, which ushered in a new age of popularity and prosperity for professional football. In time, this game would be nearly forgotten, lost in the middle of Lombardi's great triumphs.... This	This	PRON	was	AUX	 was
He had not, it seems, sufficient foresight to make it a perpetual motion. " Newton's position was vigorously defended by his follower Samuel Clarke in a famous correspondence. A century later, Pierre Simon Laplace's work " Celestial Mechanics " had a natural explanation	explanation	NOUN	for	ADP	 for
During the presentation he was named Man of the Match by UEFA. Robben scored his first goals of the 2013 – 14 season in the 2013 DFL Supercup, where Bayern were beaten 4 – 2 by Borussia Dortmund. On 9 August 2013, his opening goal helped	helped	VERB	Bayern	PROPN	 Bayern
Later, it was estimated that more than 500 Chinese were killed by the Australians and the American tanks that supported them. Meanwhile, on Hill 677 the Canadians had spent the night of 23 / 24 April in their pits listening to the sounds of the fighting on	on	ADP	the	DET	 the
Alkan had few followers; however, he had important admirers, including Liszt, Anton Rubinstein, Franck, and, in the early twentieth century, Busoni, Petri and Sorabji. Rubinstein dedicated his fifth piano concerto to him, and Franck dedicated to Alkan his Grand	Grand	PROPN	pièce	PROPN	 pièce
The teams entering the race were: The starting peloton included Evgeni Berzin, the 1994 winner. Berzin's team, Gewiss – Ballan, also brought Latvian Piotr Ugrumov, a two time Grand Tour runner up. The two riders had developed a mutual distaste for each	each	DET	other	ADJ	 other
A BBC One repeat, two days later, gained an overnight figure of 1.8 million viewers. The special was therefore the second most watched programme of the day, beaten only by the premiere of the new series of Britain's Got Talent. The final viewing figure	figure	NOUN	for	ADP	 for
In the study, Friday Night Lights tied for the 11th most watched show by affluent viewers. According to the study viewers of the show have a median household income of $65,000 per year. Streaming videos, such as cast interviews and the full episode from the	the	DET	previous	ADJ	 previous
Jay Z said that recreating Reasonable Doubt would be challenging, as he was living a different lifestyle with a completely different state of mind when he wrote the album. Reasonable Doubt has often been considered by many fans to be Jay Z's best record. He himself	himself	PRON	deemed	VERB	 deemed
The locations included Nottingham, Manchester, Glasgow, Birmingham and London. They then set out on a worldwide tour to play dates in Japan, Europe and the US. They cut short the US leg of their tour, canceling nine dates, citing fatigue from their	their	PRON	many	ADJ	 many
EGM echoed Schneider's praise of the deep landscapes, which the magazine called " incredible ". Scott McCall (AllGame) praised the game's realistic polygonal models and technical prowess, and Steve Polak (The Weekend Australian) wrote that Blast Corps showcased the console's	's	PART	graphics	NOUN	 graphics
Ismael rapidly weakened over land, and dissipated on September 16 over northwestern Mexico. The remnants entered the United States and extended eastward into the mid Atlantic states. Offshore, Ismael produced waves of up to 30 ft (9 m) in height. Hundreds of fishermen	fishermen	NOUN	were	AUX	 were
The Shrimp People, Singapore: Times Books International, 1991, ISBN 978 981 204 292 7 (pbk.). People of the Pear Tree, Singapore: Times Books International, 1993, ISBN 978 981 204 449 5 (pbk.). Island in	in	ADP	the	DET	 the
Most healthcare providers accept ADHD as a genuine disorder, at least in the small number of people with severe symptoms. Among healthcare providers the debate mainly centers on diagnosis and treatment in the much larger number of people with less severe symptoms. As of 2009, 8	8	NUM	%	NOUN	%
Very few Americans remained on the ground in Vietnam, and the NVA made it a point to track particularly valuable personnel, even in Thailand. The North Vietnamese were probably supported by the Russians with decrypting American message traffic and they likely knew exactly who had parachuted into	into	ADP	their	PRON	 their
His prototype was powered with a dry pile battery. It proved unreliable in timekeeping, however, because of a strong dependence on a stable room temperature and ' weather conditions '. Alexander Bain, a Scottish clock and instrument maker, was the first to invent and	and	CCONJ	patent	VERB	 patent
He has focused on children's charities, supporting the Starlight Children's Foundation, World Vision and the SickKids Foundation in Toronto among others. During his time in Montreal, Cammalleri also supported the military via his " Cammy's Heroes " program. He bought tickets for	for	ADP	Quebec	PROPN	 Quebec
Meanwhile, in Italy a number of banks in Florence collapsed due to internal problems in Florence, contributed by King Edward III of England defaulting on some of his loans. Most notably, the Bardi family went bankrupt in this year. Italy also suffered a famine,	,	PUNCT	making	VERB	 making
In the smelting process of using huge bellows driven by waterwheels, massive amounts of charcoal were used in the production process, leading to a wide range of deforestation in northern China. However, by the end of the 11th century the Chinese discovered that using bituminous coke	coke	PROPN	could	AUX	 could
His 5 three pointers and 7 rebounds were career highs, earning him his third Big Ten Freshman of the Week on December 31. Entering the day of December 31, Stauskas led the nation in three point field goal percentage. This is somewhat confusing because various sources	sources	NOUN	have	VERB	 have
His father, Bob, had no interest in football, but his mother, Cissie, played football with her children and later coached the local schools team. As a teenager she took them to watch Ashington and Newcastle United play, and Charlton remained a lifelong Newcastle	Newcastle	PROPN	supporter	NOUN	 supporter
After Jaws ' car crashes he is rescued from the rubble by Dolly, and the two fall in love. Bond and Goodhead are captured by henchmen, but Bond escapes and reports to an MI6 base in Brazil and learns that the toxin comes from a rare orchid	orchid	NOUN	indigenous	ADJ	 indigenous
Political rivals expressed concern that special consideration allowed Burke to join the Reserve unit ahead of others, but an Army investigation found no evidence of manipulation in his favor. Burke succeeded his father in local politics, first as Democratic Committeeman and then as alderman from the 14th	14th	ADJ	Ward	PROPN	 Ward
For casting Vanaja and Lacchi, he said that they met approximately 2500 children, interviewed about 260, and finally selected two from a shortlist of five to play the roles of Vanaja and Lacchi. Parents of these children were distrustful of them because their wards would have	have	VERB	to	PART	 to
To perform a more direct measurement, he designed apparatus to measure the time interval between the arrival of a mesotron in an absorber, where it stopped, and the emission of an electron when the mesotron decayed. To assist, he obtained the help of graduate student	student	NOUN	Norris	PROPN	 Norris
The Chamberlins and Petersons held the belief that the theory of evolution was compatible with religious views, and promoted historical criticism of the Bible, the view that the writings contained should be viewed from the context of the time: Ralph Chamberlin published essays in the White and	and	CCONJ	Blue	PROPN	 Blue
The Illini entered the Rose Bowl after a Cinderella season where they won nine games, including an upset victory over at the time No. 1 Ohio State, after winning a total of four games the previous two seasons. It was Illinois ' first bowl game since	since	SCONJ	winning	VERB	 winning
" Dave Simpson in The Guardian said the piece, " best experienced as a whole ", was " not an idle fantasy, and emerges as a fascinating and powerful discourse on the struggle between art and commerce, and the destructive power of celebrity ", calling	calling	VERB	the	DET	 the
The fast pace of the Queensland backs almost resulted in a try early in the first half but the ball was knocked on over the line after the defenders were beaten. Instead it was NSW who got the first points through a converted try. Repeated attacks from Queensland	Queensland	PROPN	failed	VERB	 failed
Among the ventures which he hoped to promote were a tobacco company, a scheme for selling to collectors postage stamps overprinted " King Edward VII Land " (based on Shackleton's appointment as Antarctic postmaster by the New Zealand authorities), and the development of a Hungarian	Hungarian	ADJ	mining	NOUN	 mining
On May 15, the Convention instructed Virginia's congressional delegation " to propose to that respectable body to declare the United Colonies free and independent States, absolved from all allegiance to, or dependence upon, the Crown or Parliament of Great Britain ". In accordance with	with	ADP	those	DET	 those
Between September 1 and 3, torrential rains affected much of South Korea, with the heaviest falling well ahead of the storm itself. Regarded as the heaviest on record in the 20th century, at least 710 mm (28 in) fell over a two day span	span	NOUN	in	ADP	 in
After 150 metres (490 ft), the highway enters the City of Bayswater LGA. East of the highway, the LGA boundary is also the boundary between the suburbs of Beechboro and Morley. The highway travels south for 400 metres (0.25 mi) to the	the	DET	traffic	NOUN	 traffic
He had recently received divorce papers from his wife. His death, caused by choking on his own vomit, was officially ruled a suicide. He was buried in China Grove in Rowan County, North Carolina. In August 2005, Nora Greenwald, who performed alongside	alongside	ADP	Lockwood	PROPN	 Lockwood
Jerko Doko, the Bosnian defence minister, gave the HVO priority in the acquisition of military weapons. In January 1992, Tuđman had arranged for Stjepan Kljuić, president of the Croatian Democratic Union of Bosnia and Herzegovina (HDZ BiH) who favored cooperating with the Bosniaks	Bosniaks	PROPN	towards	ADP	 towards
In 2010, the team reformed on the independent circuit, and began competing regularly for Ring of Honor (ROH), where they are former two time ROH World Tag Team Champions. The tag team made their debut on the December 26, 2002 edition of WWE	WWE	PROPN	's	PART	's
Davidson's cause was severely damaged, however, when Oliver produced a photograph of him, taken on 28 March 1932, with a nearly naked girl. She was Estelle Douglas, the 15 year old daughter of one of Davidson ' oldest friends. Davidson explained that	that	SCONJ	the	DET	 the
While most of the Bulgarian soldiers were dispersed to loot the countryside, the Byzantines attacked the Bulgarian camp and slaughtered the few defenders left there. When the main Bulgarian forces were informed about the attack, they headed back to the camp to engage the opponents. In	In	ADP	the	DET	 the
Below the sand are Paleozoic rocks of the Perth Basin. The sand contains an unconfined aquifer with large supplies of low salinity potable groundwater which is recharged by rainfall. As with other infertile areas of the Swan Coastal Plain, Hamersley would have supported open forests of Eucalyptus	Eucalyptus	PROPN	marginata	NOUN	 marginata
There is a long term plan to have an endangered species, the Eurasian bittern, breeding here by 2014 and regular sightings of the species have already occurred, with up to three individual birds being sighted during late 2009. A new hide overlooking Newlands, named after	after	ADP	Brandon	PROPN	 Brandon
His advance was significantly slowed by defensive skirmishing by American riflemen under the command of Edward Hand, and the advance guard did not reach Trenton until twilight. After assaulting the American positions three times, and being repulsed each time, Cornwallis decided to wait and finish the	the	DET	battle	NOUN	 battle
In protest Roddenberry resigned as producer and reduced his direct involvement in Star Trek, which led to Fred Freiberger becoming producer for the show's third and final season. Despite another letter writing campaign, NBC cancelled the series after three seasons and 79 episodes. After the	the	DET	original	ADJ	 original
Richard's time as archbishop was much less stormy than Becket's had been, and he seems to have had better relations with the king. Richard attended the royal councils, and more than once was with the king in Normandy. Richard was less dogmatic on the	the	DET	rights	NOUN	 rights
All of the musicians and background vocalists were under the supervision of Walter Afanasieff, who played the piano and guided the production. Before embarking on her world tour in 1996, Carey performed a sold out show at Madison Square Garden in 1995. The performance was filmed	filmed	VERB	,	PUNCT	,
Consequently, " On the Floor " reached a new peak of number three on the Hot 100 and number five on the US Pop Songs chart, becoming her highest charting single commercial single as a lead artist, as well as her most successful airplay hit on contemporary	contemporary	PROPN	hit	NOUN	 hit
Already in 1953, Sorabji manifested a lack of interest in continuing to compose, when he described his Sequentia cyclica super " Dies irae " ex Missa pro defunctis (1948 – 49) as " the climax and crown of his work for the piano and, in	in	ADP	all	DET	 all
Examples of components with this function include irises, stubs, and posts, all described later in this article under the filter types in which they occur. An impedance step is an example of a device introducing a discontinuity. It is achieved by a step change in	in	ADP	the	DET	 the
Director Judd Apatow explained that he originally tried to use " Toxic " in the 2005 film The 40 Year Old Virgin in the scene where Leslie Mann is drunk driving. " Toxic " was also featured in the 2010 film You Again. " Toxic " earned Spears	Spears	PROPN	her	PRON	 her
In the weeks preceding the album's release, the band promoted a Twitter hashtag, namely # MARSmay21st, to which, on May 2, 2013, it successfully reached the worldwide trending topics on the social platform. As a way of saying thanks to their fans	fans	NOUN	for	ADP	 for
At 03: 00 on 16 March 1806, lookouts on HMS London reported sails to the northeast and Captain Sir Harry Burrard Neale ordered his ship in pursuit. Although no other ships in the squadron could see anything, Warren gave the order to follow London in case	case	NOUN	the	DET	 the
Audoin had reached an agreement with Justinian by which the Byzantines promised to send him military support in exchange for the 5,500 Lombards sent to help the Byzantine general Narses in the Emperor's war in Italy. The two year truce was now close to expiry and the Lombards	Lombards	PROPN	asked	VERB	 asked
The rest of the synth sounds came from the Virus, and I use the V ‑ synth and the MicroKorg on pretty much everything. Bruno and I played the keyboards and Brody Brown played the bass. He ’ s an incredible musician who has a great feel	feel	NOUN	and	CCONJ	 and
In mid September 2008, after protracted negotiations overseen by the leaders of South Africa and Mozambique, Mugabe and Tsvangirai signed a power sharing deal which would see Mugabe retain control over the army. Donor nations have adopted a ' wait and see ' attitude, wanting to	to	PART	see	VERB	 see
His One Hundred Aspects of the Moon (1885 – 1892) depicts a variety of fantastic and mundane themes with a moon motif. Kiyochika (1847 – 1915) is known for his prints documenting the rapid modernization of Tokyo, such as the introduction of railways,	,	PUNCT	and	CCONJ	 and
The relay began March 24, 2008, in Olympia, Greece. From there, it traveled across Greece to Panathinaiko Stadium in Athens, and then to Beijing, arriving on March 31. From Beijing, the torch followed a route passing through every continent except Antarctica	Antarctica	PROPN	.	PUNCT	.
He moved on to coach the Denver Falcons, also of the USHL, in 1950 – 51 then the Saskatoon Quakers of the Pacific Coast Hockey League (PHCL) the following season. Cook left the Quakers midway through the season when asked by Frank Boucher, general	general	ADJ	manager	NOUN	 manager
He served on the boards of the Electricity Trust and the Housing Trust, among others. Here, unused to not being in absolute control, and having little specific scientific knowledge, he occasionally stumbled in his decisions. This also created difficulties with the other board members	members	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
In 2000 Cherry Springs was officially named a " Dark Sky Park " by the DCNR, and that same year it became part of the Hills Creek State Park complex, an administrative grouping of eight state parks in Potter and Tioga counties. The headquarters for Cherry Springs	Springs	PROPN	are	AUX	 are
At dawn Turkish artillery targeted the hill, and at 09: 30 the Turks counter attacked the New Zealanders. They were stopped by the brigade, using captured machine guns in addition to their own weapons. Turkish artillery continued to bombard the hill until 16: 00	00	NUM	,	PUNCT	,
We feel the fan base itself creates that kind of excitement. " " Mysterious Ways " was released as the second single five days after the release of Achtung Baby. On the US Billboard charts, the song topped the Modern Rock Tracks and Album Rock Tracks charts	charts	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
It is played in common time at a tempo of 120 beats per minute. " Exit " portrays the mind of a psychotic killer. Hot Press editor Niall Stokes stated the song " trawls the area occupied by either or both [Gilmore and Manson], getting	getting	VERB	inside	ADP	 inside
In 1787 Dennie was admitted to the sophomore class of Harvard College, where he was very popular with his peers. This popularity did not extend to his tutors, and he was suspended in December 1789 for six months after insulting the faculty. Dennie had difficulty finding	finding	VERB	suitable	ADJ	 suitable
The episode won an Emmy Award for best make up for a series. A damaged, unidentified vessel from the Gamma Quadrant docks at Deep Space Nine for repairs. Its reptilian pilot, identified only as Tosk (Scott MacDonald), is the first known life form	form	NOUN	from	ADP	 from
Overall damage was $594 million due to Gordon (1994 USD, $948 million 2016 USD). International governments and agencies through the United Nations sent relief supplies and monetary assistance to Haiti, following Gordon's devastating impact there. American soldiers were already stationed in	in	ADP	the	DET	 the
Singleton Brook, to the north of the moor, denotes the boundary between Salford and Prestwich. Flint scrapers, knives and other materials associated with neolithic humans were discovered on the moor in the late 19th and early 20th century by local antiquarians such as Charles Roeder.	.	PUNCT	The	DET	 The
Benson analysed Fleming's writing style and identified what he described as the " Fleming Sweep ": a stylistic point that sweeps the reader from one chapter to another using ' hooks ' at the end of chapters to heighten tension and pull the reader into the next:	:	PUNCT	Benson	PROPN	 Benson
Mr. Daly is a U.S. Army veteran of World War II who received the Congressional Medal of Honor for extreme heroism while leading his infantry company through the shell battered, sniper infested wreckage of Nuremberg, Germany, in April 1945. Following his distinctive military service, he	he	PRON	became	VERB	 became
Growing up poor during the depression, Bouchard did not begin skating until he was 16 and had to learn on rented skates, before borrowing $35 from his brother for a complete set of hockey equipment which included his own pair of skates. Bouchard opted for a	a	DET	career	NOUN	 career
In February 2015, UBS along with Citigroup and Goldman Sachs Group agreed to a $235 million settlement stemming from residential mortgage backed securities (RMBS) issued by the defunct Residential Capital LLC (ResCap) and underwritten by the three financial institutions. The ResCap RMBS were	were	AUX	issued	VERB	 issued
Bachelder believed that her role in the development of the atomic bomb, and the subsequent use of atomic weapons against Japan, had been justified, in order to end the Second World War, and to avoid greater loss of life that would have been entailed, in	in	ADP	a	DET	 a
Isotachs are particularly useful in diagnosing the location of the jet stream on upper level constant pressure charts, and are usually located at or above the 300 hPa level. Wind energy is the kinetic energy of the air in motion. The kinetic energy of a packet of	of	ADP	air	NOUN	 air
However Hansell also argued that ignorance of radar was fortuitous in the long run. He surmised that had radar been a factor in making doctrine, many theorists would have reasoned that massed defenses would make all strategic air attacks too costly, inhibiting if not entirely suppressing the	the	DET	concepts	NOUN	 concepts
In chapter twelve of Ethics, Rothbard turns his attention to suspects arrested by the police. He argues that police should be able to torture certain types of criminal suspects, including accused murderers, for information related to their alleged crime. Writes Rothbard, " Suppose...	...	PUNCT	police	NOUN	 police
The 1884 game, which was played entirely under the rules of rugby, was a rematch with Johns Hopkins. In the first half, Hopkins scored twice, on a touchdown from a Mr. Bonsall and on a two point safety. Navy returned the favor in the	the	DET	second	ADJ	 second
One commentator wrote that the " Boston idiots " had been treated " in delightful fashion ". The Guardian described the convention as " dominated to death by one man ". The activities of the radicals at the convention did bring them some national press. Trotter continued	continued	VERB	to	PART	 to
The Browns won that game, touching off a period of dominance. The team won each of the AAFC's four championships between 1946 and 1949, and had professional football's second perfect season in 1948 by finishing undefeated and untied. Graham's play was crucial to	to	ADP	Cleveland	PROPN	 Cleveland
Brosnan was signed for a three film Bond deal with the option of a fourth. The first, 1995's GoldenEye, grossed US $350 million worldwide, the fourth highest worldwide gross of any film in 1995, making it the most successful Bond film since Moonraker	Moonraker	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
The college has 700 undergraduates and is currently the most over subscribed college of the University. In 1987 it admitted women undergraduates for the first time, having previously had an all male student body. As of January 2012 the Master of the college is political theorist David	David	PROPN	Held	PROPN	 Held
After an absence of nearly 40 years the osprey successfully re colonised Scotland in the early 1950s. In 1899 they had bred at the ruined Loch an Eilean castle near Aviemore and at Loch Arkaig until 1908. In 1952 they claimed a new site at Loch Garten.	.	PUNCT	There	PRON	 There
Efforts to revive economic growth were unsuccessful and further hampered by the global slowdown in 2000. The economy recovered after 2005; GDP growth for that year was 2.8 percent, surpassing the growth rates of the US and European Union during the same period. As of 2012	2012	NUM	,	PUNCT	,
Established in the early afternoon, within this line, the 2 / 4th's ' A ' Company was positioned east of Bulim with 7 Platoon, ' B ' Company, while the remnants of ' D ' Company, amounting to only 47 men, were moved	moved	VERB	south	ADV	 south
The pencil sketch depicts the crest as a tuft of rounded feathers attached to the front of the head at the base of the beak, and shows long primary covert feathers, large secondary feathers, and a slightly bifurcated tail. Measurements of sub fossils known by 1893	1893	NUM	show	NOUN	 show
But in point of epistemological footing, the physical objects and the gods differ only in degree and not in kind. Both sorts of entities enter our conceptions only as cultural posits. The public backlash of scientists against such views, particularly in the 1990s, came to	to	PART	be	AUX	 be
New composite rotor blades, which successfully completed testing in 2004, increase cruise speed, climb rate, and payload capacity. Deliveries began in November 2011. Full rate production was approved on 24 October 2012, with 634 AH 64Ds to be upgraded to AH 64E standard	standard	NOUN	and	CCONJ	 and
Swift, as vicar of Laracor spoke during a synod to defend himself, his sermons, and his politics, and instead of resolving the issue, only caused more dispute between the two. The emphasis on religious unity, also found in " On the Wisdom of	of	ADP	this	DET	 this
The following night on Raw, believing he should not have lost the match, Khali challenged Cena to a Pinfalls Count Anywhere match. Following Cena's acceptance, Khali performed a Chokebomb on Cena. Heading into One Night Stand, Khali used the Chokebomb again to win	win	VERB	a	DET	 a
He occasionally sang lead vocals, usually for one song on an album, including " With a Little Help from My Friends ", " Yellow Submarine " and their cover of " Act Naturally ". He also wrote the Beatles ' songs " Don't Pass Me	Me	PRON	By	ADP	 By
Although Mars has no evidence of a structured global magnetic field, observations show that parts of the planet's crust have been magnetized, and that alternating polarity reversals of its dipole field have occurred in the past. This paleomagnetism of magnetically susceptible minerals has properties that are	are	AUX	similar	ADJ	 similar
The outer wall was a formidable defensive edifice in its own right: in the sieges of 1422 and 1453, the Byzantines and their allies, being too few to hold both lines of wall, concentrated on the defence of the outer wall. The moat was situated	situated	VERB	at	ADP	 at
The study concluded that compared to 11 consecutive months of data prior to the storm, the swash zone experienced a brief influx of animal species normally found offshore. However, the number decreased to near normal shortly thereafter. Also along the shore, the hurricane dismantled or	or	CCONJ	severely	ADV	 severely
On the July 11 episode of ECW, the villainous Candice appeared as Kelly Kelly's dance partner on that night's Kelly's Exposé segment, and attempted to seduce Kelly in a backstage segment before their performance. On the July 17 episode of Raw, Candice was	was	AUX	the	DET	 the
He sold the company for £100,000 at the end of 1971 to British businessman Bernie Ecclestone, Jochen Rindt's former manager and erstwhile owner of the Connaught team. Tauranac stayed on to design the cars and run the factory. Tauranac left Brabham early in the 1972	1972	NUM	season	NOUN	 season
Advanced and more specialist collectors have used the David Feldman, later called MacDonnell / Feldman, and later again called MacDonnellWhyte, catalogues between 1978 and 1991, and Hibernian catalogues (1972, 1976, 1980, 1983, 1985, 1986, 2002 and 2009 editions)	)	PUNCT	.	PUNCT	.
The critic Harold Conway wrote that while Robey had reached the pinnacle of his career as a variety star, which only required him to rely on his " breezy, cheeky personality ", he had reservations about the comedian's ability to " integrate himself with the other	other	ADJ	stars	NOUN	 stars
This is hinted at in the album's liner booklet, which notes " Nick Cave and the Dirty Three would like you to know that " 0 " is also a number ". The use of these hidden tracks has been described as " just the sort of	of	ADP	surprise	NOUN	 surprise
The two men were also motivated to find new jobs by their deteriorating relationship with Mary Lincoln, who sought their ouster, and by Nicolay's desire to we d his intended — he could not bring a bride to his shared room at the White House. They	They	PRON	remained	VERB	 remained
Pye Records had major artists of the period under contract. The Searchers, The Kinks, Donovan, Mungo Jerry, and Petula Clark were some of the artists that recorded for Pye Records. Pye also had contracts with several US companies, allowing them to manufacture and	and	CCONJ	distribute	VERB	 distribute
He was sentenced to be suspended from rank and duty for three years with an official reprimand from the Secretary of the Navy. Believing the sentence to be too harsh, Secretary William E. Chandler reduced it to a public reprimand only. Sebree was subsequently transferred to USS	USS	PROPN	Powhatan	PROPN	 Powhatan
Costanoan comprises eight dialects or separate languages: Awaswas, Chalon, Chochenyo (aka Chocheño), Karkin, Mutsun, Ramaytush, Rumsien, and Tamyen. The chroniclers, ethnohistorians, and linguists of the Ohlone population began with: Alfred L. Kroeber who researched the California	California	PROPN	natives	NOUN	 natives
In addition to the National Weather Service Reports, the South Florida Water Management District reported higher wind gusts near Lake Okeechobee of up to 93 mph (150 km / h) in Belle Glade, though these were likely caused by small scale meso cyclone induced downbursts.	.	PUNCT	Irene	PROPN	 Irene
Into the Light was released in September 2012. He will be going on an Into the Light Tour in September, October, and November 2013. West released his sixth studio album, Live Forever, on April 28, 2015. He will be part of the	the	DET	Winter	PROPN	 Winter
During the match against Surrey, which was held at the Oval, Crossland was heckled by the crowd, with cries of " well thrown ", and " take him off ", shouted during his bowling spell. The vehemence of the protests almost drew the Lancashire	Lancashire	PROPN	captain	NOUN	 captain
Approximately one third of the homes on Ebeye were destroyed by the storm. One person was killed and damage was estimated at $5 million (1988 USD). An estimated 3,500 people were left homeless as a result of Roy in the Marshall Islands. Ahead of	of	ADP	Roy	PROPN	 Roy
These fruit bodies will — like a sponge — resume their original shape if water is squeezed out. The origin of the specific name derives from its perceived resemblance to the cartoon character SpongeBob SquarePants. Apart from differences in distribution, S. squarepantsii differs from S. thailandica in	in	ADP	its	PRON	 its
The song, which features DJ Khaled, was made available for purchase on the iTunes Store on April 17, 2012. Songwriting is credited to West, Chauncey Hollis, James Todd Smith and Marlon Williams, while production was handled by Hit Boy. Lyrically, the	the	DET	song	NOUN	 song
Religiously, he was orthodox, and particularly towards the end of his reign he became a strong opponent of the Lollard heresy. He was particularly devoted to the cult of Edward the Confessor, and around 1395 he had his own arms impaled with the mythical arms of	of	ADP	the	DET	 the
Stephen Tomašević's father died in the summer of 1461. The 16th century Croatian chronicler Ivan Tomašić wrote that the King died on 10 July – more precisely, that he was murdered on the order of his brother Radivoj and with the consent of his son Stephen Tomašević	Tomašević	PROPN	.	PUNCT	.
Following his term as governor, he served on various state boards and commissions, but failed in his only attempt to return to elective office — a 1952 campaign against Bert T. Combs to return to the Court of Appeals. Willis died on April 1, 1965,	,	PUNCT	and	CCONJ	 and
The infant's actions become less reflexive and intentionality emerges. 4 – 8 months: Secondary Circular Reactions – Babies will reach for an object that is partially hidden, indicating knowledge that the whole object is still there. If an object is completely hidden however the baby	baby	NOUN	makes	VERB	 makes
SHM results in approximately one nucleotide change per variable gene, per cell division. As a consequence, any daughter B cells will acquire slight amino acid differences in the variable domains of their antibody chains. This serves to increase the diversity of the antibody pool and impacts	impacts	VERB	the	DET	 the
Anggun re recorded her debut international single as a French Portuguese duet with Tony Carreira, retitled " La neige au Sahara (Faço Chover No Deserto) ", for Carreira's album Nos fiançailles, France / Portugal. The duo performed the song at the 2014 World	World	PROPN	Music	PROPN	 Music
Trautmann made his first team debut on 19 November against Bolton Wanderers, and after a competent display in his first home match, protests shrank as fans discovered his talent. He continued to receive abuse from crowds at away matches, which affected his concentration in some early	early	ADJ	games	NOUN	 games
The rhino makes three distinct noises: eeps, whales, and whistle blows. The eep, a short, one second long yelp, is the most common sound. The whale, named for its similarity to vocalizations of the humpback whale, is the most song	song	NOUN	like	ADP	 like
The graphics were given a simple appearance to avoid a cluttered game screen, and object designs were made distinct from each other to avoid confusion. Black was chosen as the background color to help characters stand out and reduce clutter. Of special note is that Robotron had	had	VERB	a	DET	 a
On November 12, 2006, upon surpassing Ronald Reagan's lifespan, Ford released his last public statement: The length of one's days matters less than the love of one's family and friends. I thank God for the gift of every sunrise and, even	even	ADV	more	ADV	 more
The unbeaten run continued until the end of the season, and City secured their first league championship with a 4 – 1 win over Sheffield Wednesday. City's third goal in this match came as the result of a long clearance by Swift, who was noted for	for	ADP	the	DET	 the
Obama was born on August 4, 1961, at Kapiʻolani Maternity & Gynecological Hospital (now Kapiʻolani Medical Center for Women and Children) in Honolulu, Hawaii; he is the first President to have been born in Hawaii. His mother, Stanley Ann Dunham, born	born	VERB	in	ADP	 in
Cimarron (1931), produced by LeBaron himself, would become the only RKO production to win the Academy Award for Best Picture; nonetheless, having cost a profligate $1.4 million to make, it was a money loser on original domestic release. The most popular	popular	ADJ	RKO	PROPN	 RKO
Tea is also a widely consumed beverage and is served at cafés and drunk at home. Tea is prepared in many ways, from plain brewed Russian and Turkish style black tea with sugar, to tea with lemon or milk, and, available as a common option	option	NOUN	in	ADP	 in
As well, One Hundred Years of Solitude takes place in Macondo and tells the complete history of the fictional town from its founding to its doom. In his autobiography, García Márquez explains his fascination with the word and concept Macondo. He describes a trip he made	made	VERB	with	ADP	 with
Peter learned to sail the ship on waters near Moscow. In 1701, Peter had the botik stored in the Kremlin's Dormition Cathedral. Peter referenced the boat in a draft preface to his 1720 Naval Statute. The published preface was written by Archbishop Feofan Prokopovich who	who	PRON	wrote	VERB	 wrote
She added that the idea of the cat licking the milk and then pour it over, was the director's. " It's great but believe me I fought him on that. I didn't want to do it. I thought it's just so over	over	ADP	the	DET	 the
/ For me for me I like am like that, eh. " He subsequently describes major intersections throughout Lagos, including Surulere, Ojuelegba, and Ogogoro Centre, which lack the supervision of a traffic officer. They are characterized by aggressive, temperamental drivers, who	who	PRON	force	VERB	 force
Thus, they split into three pairs: Jack and administrator Ianto Jones (Gareth David Lloyd) search an office block (during which Jack successfully asks Ianto out on a date), doctor Owen Harper (Burn Gorman) and technical expert Toshiko Sato (Naoko Mori	Mori	PROPN	)	PUNCT	)
Kramer, working under the name " Kramerica Industries ", conceptualizes building " a pizza place where you make your own pizza pie. " Jerry and George try to persuade Kramer to forget the idea, but Kramer is determined to go on with it. Kramer's	's	PART	pizza	NOUN	 pizza
He was a king who loved peace, an assiduous manager of public affairs, and above all a fosterer of the Christian religion. " Snorri Sturluson later wrote that Eystein " was wise, intelligent, and acquainted with the laws and history. He had much knowledge	knowledge	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
The auction took place around the day of the film's release. A Karaoke app developed by Singbox — a Swedish gaming studio — was launched on 2 August 2013 for Android and iOS based smartphones. Khan promoted his film on the reality television shows Comedy Nights with	with	ADP	Kapil	PROPN	 Kapil
According to Smith, the angel Moroni took back the plates once Smith finished using them. The completed work, the Book of Mormon, was published in Palmyra on March 26, 1830, by printer E. B. Grandin, Martin Harris having mortgaged his farm to finance	finance	VERB	it	PRON	 it
However, these animals are demanding to care for properly over their lifetime, and many die within a few years of acquisition. Although green iguanas in captivity will eat meat if presented with it, excessive consumption of animal protein results in severe kidney problems and possible premature	premature	ADJ	death	NOUN	 death
In the video, Ziegler and LaBeouf wear nude and dirt smeared outfits. Justine Harman from Elle likened the concept of the video to the plot of Titanic. Jason Lipshutz from Billboard summarised: " The entirety of the video features the surprising pair interpreting the song through	through	ADP	various	ADJ	 various
Lecourbe made several feints on the bridge at Dillingheim, but his reconnaissance suggested instead that he focus on the bridges at Gremsheim, Blindheim and Höchstädt, which he did the next day. A small group of 80 or so men from the 94th Demi Brigade managed a	a	DET	spectacular	ADJ	 spectacular
Annual events on campus celebrate Georgetown traditions, culture, alumni, sports, and politics. In late April, Georgetown University celebrates Georgetown Day. Besides the full day carnival, the day rewards the best professor of the year with the Dorothy Brown Award, as voted	voted	VERB	by	ADP	 by
The population consisted of 2,500 whites, 2,500 freed blacks, and 77,000 slaves. Ethnically, there were 34,462 African born as against 39,956 " creole Negroes " by 1823 in Demerara and Essequibo. Treatment of slaves were markedly different from owner to owner, and from plantation	plantation	NOUN	to	ADP	 to
It was the first Mega Man game for the 16 bit console and the first game in the Mega Man X series, a spin off of the original Mega Man series that began on the SNES's predecessor, the Nintendo Entertainment System (NES). Mega Man	Man	PROPN	X	PROPN	 X
" Those closest to him are mostly absent from his portraits; he rarely painted Theo, van Rappard or Bernard. The portraits of his mother were from photographs. Portraiture represented his best opportunity of earning money. Some of the portraits are studies. Those with greater	greater	ADJ	significance	NOUN	 significance
The third match was between CM Punk and Johnny Nitro, who subbed in for the absent Chris Benoit (unknown of killing his family at the time), for the ECW World Championship. The match started off with Punk attempting a crossbody on Nitro. Nitro countered	countered	VERB	,	PUNCT	,
Two pagans, Asma bint Marwan of the Aws Manat tribe and Abu ' Afak of the ' Amr b. ' Awf tribe, had composed verses taunting and insulting the Muslims. They were killed by people belonging to their own or related clans, and Muhammad did not	not	PART	disapprove	VERB	 disapprove
The word is first recorded in English in the Encyclopædia Britannica of 1880, in which it is spelled battik. It is attested in the Indonesian Archipelago during the Dutch colonial period in various forms: mbatek, mbatik, batek and batik. Wax resist dyeing of fabric	fabric	NOUN	is	AUX	 is
Adult mayflies are collected and eaten in many parts of China and Japan. Near Lake Victoria, Povilla mayflies are collected, dried and preserved for use in food preparations. " Mayfly " was the crew's nickname for His Majesty's Airship No. 1, an	an	DET	aerial	ADJ	 aerial
Some Ediacaran fossils, especially discs, have been interpreted tentatively as trace fossils but this hypothesis has not gained widespread acceptance. As well as burrows, some trace fossils have been found directly associated with an Ediacaran fossil. Yorgia and Dickinsonia are often found at the end	end	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
The polar easterlies, also known as Polar Hadley cells, are dry, cold prevailing winds that blow from the high pressure areas of the polar highs at the north and south poles towards the low pressure areas within the Westerlies at high latitudes. Unlike the Westerlies,	,	PUNCT	these	DET	 these
He was happy, however, that he had always been at the front of the race and had not crashed. Cyclingnews.com wrote that he would still be the " principal favourite " the following Sunday for the Tour of Flanders. Following his second place in E3 Harelbeke	Harelbeke	PROPN	and	CCONJ	 and
9 Voyage up the Tapajos Bates hires a boat made of stonewood for a three month trip up the Tapajos river. He prepares for the trip by salting meat, grinding coffee, and placing all the food in tin boxes to keep insects and damp out. He	He	PRON	buys	VERB	 buys
Proceedings of the Zoological Society of London 122 (1): 1 – 54. doi: 10.1111 / j.1469 7998.1952.tb06312.x. Cott, Hugh B. (1953). " The palatability of the eggs of birds: illustrated by experiments on the food preferences of the Ferret (	(	PUNCT	Putorius	PROPN	Putorius
There is a wide range of small machines designed to be used in offices that produce a few litres of drinking water from the atmosphere. However, there are circumstances where there really is no source of water other than the atmosphere. For example, in the 1930s	1930s	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
Grampa is forced to hold it in for hours and as a result, his kidneys explode. Homer ignored this at first, thinking he needed a new muffler for the car. Dr. Hibbert informs the family that Grampa does not have much time to live, and	and	CCONJ	that	SCONJ	 that
In October 2011, Carey announced that she re recorded " All I Want for Christmas Is You " with Justin Bieber as a duet for his Christmas album, Under the Mistletoe. In November 2011, Carey was included in the remix to the mixtape single " Warning	Warning	NOUN	"	PUNCT	 "
Best known is mercury (II) chloride, an easily sublimating white solid. HgCl2 forms coordination complexes that are typically tetrahedral, e.g. HgCl2 − 4. Mercury (II) oxide, the main oxide of mercury, arises when the metal is exposed to air for	for	ADP	long	ADJ	 long
Sturdee retired in April 1950 and Rowell became the first Duntroon graduate to become Chief of the General Staff, the post of Vice Chief disappearing for a generation. Within months, Australian troops would be committed to the Korean War. Rowell paid visits to Korea in 1952	1952	NUM	and	CCONJ	 and
The Red Ensign was lowered at the stroke of noon and the new maple leaf flag was raised. The crowd sang " O Canada " followed by " God Save the Queen ". Of the flag, Vanier said " [it] will symbolize to each of	of	ADP	us	PRON	 us
Special features include an audio commentary by director Chris Weitz and editor Peter Lambert, a behind the scenes documentary, and music videos. Unlike the DVD and Blu ray Disc versions, the Ultimate Fan Edition DVD includes a 7 minute first look at the sequel, The	The	DET	Twilight	PROPN	 Twilight
Furthering his goal of promoting healthier food choices and working with the endorsement of the Washington State Potato Commission, he will be working on a cookbook with top Seattle chefs in 2010. He has an interest in pursuing a career in the entertainment world. He participated and	and	CCONJ	won	VERB	 won
Boxleiter and Wohlwend worked on several additional games that were put on hiatus. They later became Mikengreg in 2010 and released Solipskier in August for both Flash and iOS later that year. Its success let them take a more experimental approach towards their next game, the free	free	ADJ	to	PART	 to
Remote afterloading systems provide protection from radiation exposure to healthcare professionals by securing the radiation source in a shielded safe. Once the applicators are correctly positioned in the patient, they are connected to an ‘ afterloader ’ machine (containing the radioactive sources) through a series of	of	ADP	connecting	VERB	 connecting
On May 14, Hansen started the second game of a doubleheader against Philadelphia, pitching 4 1 ⁄ 3 innings and allowing five runs on eight hits and two walks. The following week, he appeared in both games of a twinbill against the Pirates, pitching a	a	DET	combination	NOUN	 combination
Through a friend, Consuelo Thaw, Wallis met Consuelo's sister Thelma, Lady Furness, the then mistress of Edward, Prince of Wales. On 10 January 1931, Lady Furness introduced Wallis to the Prince at Burrough Court, near Melton Mowbray. The Prince was	was	AUX	the	DET	 the
Mary was eloquent and especially tall by sixteenth century standards (she attained an adult height of 5 feet 11 inches or 1.80 m), while Henry II's son and heir, Francis, stuttered and was abnormally short. Henry commented that " from the very first	first	ADJ	day	NOUN	 day
Jason Lipshut of Billboard wrote that " The production is so buttery that the listener can't help but get another sugar rush ". Jessica Sager of Pop Crush opined " echoes and sparse production make this sound similar to a Phil Collins track, but in Mars ’	’	PUNCT	song	NOUN	 song
On the way back to Paris, Tony learns Jo has cracked under the pressure and agreed to meet Grutter at his house with the money. When he arrives Grutter tells him Tony has already snatched the child and kills Jo. Seconds too late to save his friend	friend	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
The accession was made on the condition that Portugal was ruled as a separate, autonomous state, not as a province. This was fulfilled as Portugal and Spain formed a personal union under Philip I and his successors. A consequence of this administrative situation was the maintenance	maintenance	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
Reception for the Nomad is mixed between its uniqueness and its poor timing into the market. Blake Snow of GamePro listed the Nomad as fifth on his list of the " 10 Worst Selling Handhelds of All Time, " criticizing its poor timing into the market, inadequate	inadequate	ADJ	advertising	NOUN	 advertising
Despite their losses the French survivors returned to the remaining guns, although most of their first broadside scattered into the sea, and at least some of their shot was misdirected towards the merchant ships. The French gunners aimed too high however, most of their shot tearing	tearing	VERB	through	ADP	 through
It was alleged the companies were waiting for the lakes to freeze over before sending cars so that the grain would have to be transported by rail all the way to market instead of by water transport. Lane led the inquiry and held hearings in Chicago, and concluded	concluded	VERB	that	SCONJ	 that
The Blues eventually closed the season with a 54 – 82 record, placing seventh in the eight team American League. McAleer, however, contributed little to this outcome. In 1901, he played in only three games with the Blues. The AL, established in	in	ADP	1900	NUM	 1900
In February 2014, it was reported that the Mint was conducting experiments to use copper plated zinc (the same composition used for the United States 1 cent coin) for the nickel. In December 2014, the Mint released its next Biennial report in response to the	the	DET	CMOCA	NOUN	 CMOCA
The accompanying music video premiered on August 28, 2009 through Disney Channel. The video featured Gomez and her band performing the song on a round black stage, and features various shots of Gomez in a photo shoot and singing the song without the band. " Falling	Falling	VERB	Down	ADV	 Down
This consists of a shared core inventory and, when accounting for contrasts not made by all dialects (whether they are historical contrasts that have been lost or innovative ones not made in all varieties), only as many contrasts as are needed. The diaphonemic approach gets	gets	VERB	away	ADV	 away
In 2009, Dixon climbed Mount Kilimanjaro in Tanzania for Comic Relief with Girls Aloud members Cheryl Cole and Kimberley Walsh, Ben Shephard, Ronan Keating, Fearne Cotton, Denise Van Outen, Chris Moyles and Gary Barlow, who had spearheaded the project. Together they raised	raised	VERB	over	ADP	 over
Leg 3 began early Saturday morning. Following Friday's stages, Loeb was 25 seconds ahead of Sordo, and 1 m 15s in front of Grönholm. Stage 9 was the first of the day, a 19.67 km (12.22 mi) route between Labatie d'Andaure and	and	CCONJ	Lalouvesc	PROPN	 Lalouvesc
Georgetown alumni have a median starting salary of $55,000 with a median mid career salary of $110,000, according to Payscale.com. NNDB, the Notable Names Database, lists 493 notable alumni as of 2015. Eight former heads of state are alumni. Former President of	of	ADP	the	DET	 the
Between 2003 and 2008, Reporters Without Borders consistently ranked New Zealand's press freedom in the top twenty. As of 2011, New Zealand was ranked 13th worldwide in press freedom by Freedom House, with the 2nd freest media in the Asia Pacific region after Palau.	.	PUNCT	Most	ADJ	 Most
After the public release of video material depicting Smith's treatment while incarcerated, interim leader of the federal Liberal Party Bob Rae raised the matter in Parliament during Question Period, asking why the government was attempting to restrict the scope of the inquiry through the Corrections Canada legal	legal	ADJ	challenge	NOUN	 challenge
Following this intersection, DE 896 continues northwest as South College Avenue, coming to a southbound ramp that provides access to DE 896 Bus. at the north end of Glasgow. The road passes through industrial and business areas with a few homes, heading to the west	west	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
Western sources claim that Theodore offered to recognize the primacy of the Catholic Church and the suzerainty of the Latin Empire — as well as to support Peter in his planned participation in the Fifth Crusade — and offered the Latins food and guides through the mountains. Peter was	was	AUX	glad	ADJ	 glad
In April 1917, Speirs took part in the Second Battle of Arras, for which he was awarded the Military Medal for bravery in May 1917, before he was promoted to Sergeant in June. The following month, he returned home to Scotland on leave, but	but	CCONJ	he	PRON	 he
... The doctrine of legitimate expectation is rooted in fairness. The Court of Appeal emphasized that the approach taken in that case made no formal distinction between procedural and substantive unfairness. Substantive legitimate expectation does not intrude upon the executive's policy making powers, as it is	is	AUX	for	ADP	 for
The redesign work necessary to create the Jaguar / TWR JV6 engine was undertaken by Andrew Barnes, TWR's Powertrain Manager, and also involved Swiss engine builder Max Heidegger who had designed and built the race engines used in the XJR 10 and XJR 11 racing cars.	.	PUNCT	The	DET	 The
Sonic's side of the story picks up immediately after the events of Sonic the Hedgehog 3, where Dr. Robotnik's orbital weapon, the Death Egg, is damaged in a battle with Sonic and crash lands back onto Angel Island, landing in a volcanic crater.	.	PUNCT	Sonic	ADJ	 Sonic
I felt part of this idea for " Superpower " was to have stuff be in contrast to each other, so this song is very soft and very slow, but the action you see is aggressive and very big. We discussed it many times to see if	if	SCONJ	we	PRON	 we
However, he roundly criticises the 1983 Arlon House facsimile reprint of the 16th edition for deliberately omitting recipes including " To promote Breeding ", suggesting this was because the publisher was concerned they might be harmful. The historian Sandra Sherman comments that The Compleat Housewife " is	is	AUX	the	DET	 the
The natural environment of Palm Island and adjacent Halifax Bay is ideal for the aquaculture of oysters, shrimp, prawns and mackerel. Over a five year period in the 1970s Applied Ecology Pty Ltd (an organisation designed to assist Aboriginal communities to develop sustainable industries, funded	funded	VERB	by	ADP	 by
The Australian fossils were originally described as a type of jellyfish, but this is inconsistent with the bilateral symmetry in the fossils. The White Sea fossils and the surrounding sediments also show that Kimberella lived on the surface of the sea floor. Kimberella had a dorsal integument	integument	NOUN	that	PRON	 that
DPB is associated with progressive respiratory failure, hypercapnia (increased levels of carbon dioxide in the blood), and can eventually lead to pulmonary hypertension (high blood pressure in the pulmonary vein and artery) and cor pulmonale (dilation of the right ventricle of the heart	heart	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
Prior to the release of the extended play, Beyoncé organised a remix competition for her then upcoming single " End of Time ". The remix was chosen by a judging panel and the winner of the competition was Radzimir " Jimek " Dębski. 4: The Remix	Remix	PROPN	contains	VERB	 contains
The number of eggs increases with carapace width according to a power law; extrapolation of the power law suggests that the largest D. sayi females are capable of carrying over 32,000 eggs each. At 29° C (84° F), the eggs can take only	only	ADV	9	NUM	 9
When the Warhead project was launched in the late 1970s, a number of actors were mentioned in the trade press, including Orson Welles for the part of Blofeld, Trevor Howard to play M and Richard Attenborough as director. In 1978 the working title James Bond of	of	ADP	the	DET	 the
According to the producer, few days after he had finished the composition, Madonna completed writing the lyrics of " I Don't Give A ". Solveig understood that the lyrics were probable references towards Madonna's life and thus received coverage in the press. However,	,	PUNCT	he	PRON	 he
In these roles, he had more freedom to add " gags " than Gilbert had given him at the Savoy, and he often wrote topical verses to Adrian Ross's songs. However, Barrington complained that, in these musical comedies, the plot was nearly eliminated	eliminated	VERB	during	ADP	 during
ISBN 978 0 5676 5803 6. Schick, Alexander (2015). Tischendorf und die älteste Bibel der Welt - Die Entdeckung des CODEX SINAITICUS i m Katharinenkloster (Tischendorf and the oldest Bible in the world - The discovery of the Codex Sinaiticus in St. Catherine's	's	PART	Monastery	PROPN	 Monastery
The area affected by the flood was declared a state disaster area, making residents whose homes were flooded eligible for state aid. The long term effects of the flood, including its effect on the salmon spawning season, are as yet unknown. The summer of 2008	2008	NUM	was	AUX	 was
The Bakerloo Tube announced its own bill to make the necessary changes to its existing plans. The GWR objected to the reduction of the Bakerloo Tube's Paddington connection to a shuttle and the MR objected to the connection of the two lines, which would be in competition	competition	NOUN	with	ADP	 with
The next year, the streets downtown Pontiac were reconfigured and a loop called Wide Track Drive was created to route traffic around the downtown area. The former routing of BL I 75 on Perry Street in the downtown core was replaced by routing the business loops on Wide	Wide	ADJ	Track	PROPN	 Track
On February 16, 2010 it was announced that 358 / 2 Days won all seven of the awards that it was nominated for in the reader's vote. A special Kingdom Hearts 358 / 2 Days themed edition of the Nintendo DSi was released alongside the game when	when	SCONJ	it	PRON	 it
" He read everything sure. All the new fiction. What he didn't like was Bellow, Updike, Cheever, Salinger, Capote, and Mailer. He didn't know how to use them. Kempton claimed Aubrey: [He] was the fourth president	president	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
Different methods of preparation for consumption affect the leaching rate of cadmium, lead, and mercury. After the 1986 Chernobyl disaster, several studies showed I. badia bioaccumulates radioactive caesium, 137Cs. 137Cs is produced in nuclear power plants following the chain decay of 235U to 137Te	137Te	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
" In 2003, executive producer Al Jean listed the episode as one of his favorites. Niel Harvey of The Roanoke Times called " Flaming Moe's " a " classic bit of Simpsonia. " AOL placed the episode sixth on their list of the top 25 Simpsons	Simpsons	PROPN	episodes	NOUN	 episodes
Additionally, Mitchell had problems dealing with Alston, who openly expressed his unhappiness with Mitchell in a post game interview. Later in the season, Alston was suspended two games for " conduct detrimental to the team " for reportedly walking out of a scrimmage during practice.	.	PUNCT	Notwithstanding	ADP	 Notwithstanding
When Emperor Romanos IV was conducted into the presence of Alp Arslan, the Sultan refused to believe that the bloodied and tattered man covered in dirt was the mighty Emperor of the Romans. After discovering his identity, Alp Arslan placed his boot on the Emperor's neck	neck	NOUN	and	CCONJ	 and
Designated C.12, the aircraft were retired in 1989. At the same time, the air arm received a number of ex USAF RF 4Cs, designated CR.12. In 1995 – 1996, these aircraft received extensive avionics upgrades. Spain retired its RF 4s in 2002.	.	PUNCT	The	DET	 The
The 21st Infantry Regiment was identified as the most combat ready of the 24th Infantry Division's three regiments, and the 21st Infantry's 1st Battalion was selected because its commander, Lieutenant Colonel Charles B. Smith, was the most experienced, having commanded a battalion at the	the	DET	Battle	PROPN	 Battle
An additional 2,000 minibuses managed by the Ministry of Transportation run along eight lines into the neighboring suburbs. These interlinked bus systems served around 700,000 passengers each day. These minibuses often fail to meet safety standards or air quality requirements and are typically overcrowded with passengers and their	their	PRON	cargo	NOUN	 cargo
The explosion tore a hole 40 feet long by 13 feet wide (12 m × 4.0 m), and caused a slight list. Despite the damage, the ship was still able to maintain her top speed, and kept position in the line. The leading	leading	VERB	ships	NOUN	 ships
20 February 1987: 47089 Amazon was hauling a freight train that ran away and was derailed by trap points at North Junction, Chinley, Derbyshire. Another train ran into the wreckage and was derailed. 24 March 1987: 47202 was hauling a freight train that overran	overran	PROPN	signals	NOUN	 signals
Kelly had approached Donen with this project as their next collaboration and at first Donen was reluctant to accept due to his own success. Their friendship deteriorated during production and Donen noted, " the atmosphere from day one was very tense and nobody was speaking to anybody.	.	PUNCT	"	PUNCT	 "
Because much of Tolkien's writings on the Elvish languages remain unpublished it is difficult to know how large a vocabulary he devised. As of 2008, about 25,000 Elvish words have been published. The lexicon of Quenya is rich in proper nouns. Estë " Rest "	"	PUNCT	;	PUNCT	;
" While reviewing the alternate version of the video in July 2011, Becky Bain of Idolator stated that " Spears's last few videos — particularly the joyfully silly clip for ' I Wanna Go ' — more than make up for the travesty that was the pop star	star	NOUN	's	PART	's
He made his first appearance of the season in October 2006, coming on as a second half substitute in Millwall's 2 – 0 home win against Bournemouth in the Football League Trophy, scoring Millwall's second goal with his first touch of the game. In his	his	PRON	first	ADJ	 first
However, another comparison in 2008 of 150 genes in each of 21 genera, ranging from fungi to humans but including only two species of sponge, suggested that comb jellies (ctenophora) are the most basal lineage of the Metazoa included in the sample. If this	this	PRON	is	AUX	 is
The high radioactivity of einsteinium has a potential use in radiation therapy, and organometallic complexes have been synthesized in order to deliver einsteinium atoms to an appropriate organ in the body. Experiments have been performed on injecting einsteinium citrate (as well as fermium compounds) to dogs	dogs	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
The site is now being cleared of all buildings and tested for contamination to prepare for redevelopment. In winter months, Saint Paul hosts the Saint Paul Winter Carnival, a tradition that originated in 1886 when a New York reporter called Saint Paul " another Siberia. "	"	PUNCT	Attended	VERB	 Attended
The ancient chronicles mention two tests that Dutthagamani planned to find out these warriors ' skill before the battle. For the first test, Dutthagamani asked the warriors to drink a large cauldron of toddy, intending to test their strength. When all others refused, Suranimala stepped	stepped	VERB	forward	ADV	 forward
In the second half of 2006, Higgins moved to Los Angeles to record On a Clear Night with American musician and producer Mitchell Froom, an experience Higgins described as " really easy and really fun. " They spent three months recording in Froom's home studio with	with	ADP	session	NOUN	 session
On September 4, 2014, a 14 year old girl in Port Richey, Florida, allegedly set her family's house on fire while her mother and nine year old brother were inside. Police reported that the teenager had been reading online stories about Slender Man as	as	ADV	well	ADV	 well
Amid wild weather, the Australians were asked to follow on. A determined batting performance was not enough to prevent an English victory by an innings and 170 runs. Laker's performance was historic. He took 10 / 53, the first time in a Test match	match	NOUN	a	DET	 a
Other aggressive vocalizations given by females include the " squeal ", the " belch ", and the " growl ". The sound a female sea lion gives when calling her pups is called a " pup attraction call ", described as " loud " and "	"	PUNCT	brawling	VERB	 brawling
Henry's burial at Reading Abbey is marked by a local cross, but Reading Abbey was slowly demolished during the Dissolution of the Monasteries in the 16th century. The exact location is uncertain, but the most likely location of the tomb itself is now in a built	built	VERB	up	ADP	 up
The film is an adaptation of the novel of the same name by J. L. Carr, and stars Colin Firth, Kenneth Branagh, Natasha Richardson and Patrick Malahide. The screenplay was by Simon Gray. Set in rural Yorkshire during the summer of 1920, the film	film	NOUN	follows	VERB	 follows
The landlocked city was called by the Romans Hippinos, " of the horsemen ", and by the Greeks until late in the medieval period, Azotus mesogaios or " inland Azotus ". During the Byzantine period, the port city overshadowed its inland counterpart in size and	and	CCONJ	importance	NOUN	 importance
The album artwork was created by artist Ed Repka, who previously had done the cover for Peace Sells... but Who's Buying? in 1986. It references " Hangar 18 ", and depicts band mascot Vic Rattlehead and world leaders of the era viewing an alien	alien	ADJ	body	NOUN	 body
I said to myself, " What have you done, Hamming, you are involved in risking all of life that is known in the Universe, and you do not know much of an essential part? " I was pacing up and down the corridor when a	a	DET	friend	NOUN	 friend
" I Saw the Light " was placed at the start of album, as it was felt to be the most likely hit. The song was influenced by Carole King. " Hello It's Me " had been recorded by Rundgren's old band, Nazz.	.	PUNCT	As	ADP	 As
If you vomit and make ice cream out of it, are you a star? " Tony Naylor of The Guardian enjoyed his trip to the restaurant in 2008, and afterwards criticised those who thought that spending £323.13 on a meal for two at lunchtime was too	too	ADV	much	ADJ	 much
No names were assigned, and they were known by their contract names: ' O', ' P ', and ' Q '. The new class was not universally welcomed in the Kriegsmarine. Their abnormally light protection gained it the derogatory nickname Ohne Panzer Quatsch	Quatsch	PROPN	(	PUNCT	 (
They always observed a small amount of a dark, insoluble residue. Joseph Louis Proust thought that the residue was graphite. Victor Collet Descotils, Antoine François, comte de Fourcroy, and Louis Nicolas Vauquelin also observed the black residue in 1803, but did not obtain	obtain	VERB	enough	ADJ	 enough
Stacy Slobodnik Stoll coaches the women's team. In the last ten seasons, she has brought the Spartans to nine straight NCAA regional appearances. The men's gymnastics team at MSU won one national title, which they shared with the University of Illinois at Urbana Champaign	Champaign	PROPN	in	ADP	 in
However, they eventually lost to Kuwait in the second stage. In the national team's 2013 season, they capped off the year by finishing 127th in the FIFA World Rankings as their new all time high. In the 2014 season, the United Football League is	is	AUX	divided	VERB	 divided
Spanish language magazine Vistazo called Crespo the new sensation of merengue music, and his album a favorite of listeners who enjoy pachanga. Sony Music International Latin America president Frank Welzer called Crespo a " genius " who wrote " catchy fan pleasing " songs. Terry Jenkins of	of	ADP	AllMusic	PROPN	 AllMusic
In the bone marrow, each developing B cell will assemble an immunoglobulin variable region by randomly selecting and combining one V, one D and one J gene segment (or one V and one J segment in the light chain). As there are multiple copies of	of	ADP	each	DET	 each
The episode was the only episode filmed in color during the Ruth Martin seasons. Ratings skyrocketed. As filming for the 1964 season approached, fourteen year old Jon Provost chose not renew his contract. Stars Lockhart and Reilly were fired. With only Provost and the producers	producers	NOUN	knowing	VERB	 knowing
He signed a contract at the end of his scholarship, but after failing to break into the first team squad was released in May 2000. Challinor dropped two divisions to join Southern League Division One East side Stamford in search of first team football. He impressed with	with	ADP	Stamford	PROPN	 Stamford
Holst made some recordings, conducting his own music. For the Columbia company he recorded Beni Mora, the Marching Song and the complete Planets with the London Symphony Orchestra (LSO) in 1922, using the acoustic process. The limitations of early recording prevented the gradual	gradual	ADJ	fade	NOUN	 fade
A six track bonus CD, 1967: The First Three Singles, was given away alongside the 1997 30th anniversary edition of the album. In 1973, the album, along with A Saucerful of Secrets, was released as a two disc set on Capitol / EMI	EMI	PROPN	's	PART	's
It favors the boundaries between different terrain, such as sand and reef. Its periscopic eyes give it a 360° panoramic view of its surroundings; each eye bears an elaborate covering or " operculum " that allows fine control over the amount of light entering the pupil	pupil	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
When confronted on a kill by lions, spotted hyenas will either leave or wait patiently at a distance of 30 – 100 metres until the lions have finished eating. In some cases, spotted hyenas are bold enough to feed alongside lions, and may occasionally force lions	lions	NOUN	off	ADP	 off
A clip of the song " Popular " also plays in the 2009 movie Zombieland. Entertainer John Barrowman sang a version of " The Wizard and I " (retitled " The Doctor and I) on his 2008 UK tour, with adapted lyrics referring to his Doctor	Doctor	NOUN	Who	PRON	 Who
The RAN operates just under 50 commissioned warships, including frigates, submarines, patrol boats and auxiliary ships, as well as a number of non commissioned vessels. In addition, the RAN maintains a force of combat, logistics and training helicopters. The RAN is one	one	NUM	of	ADP	 of
The trailer used a motion capture that was altered in the final film. Advent Children was initially scheduled for a September 13, 2005 release in North America and a September 14, 2005 release in Japan, but the North American release date was pushed back several times	times	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
When the first section opened, construction on a second stretch of the A5, reaching 32.5 kilometre (20.2 mi) between Đakovo and Osijek, was announced on 15 November, with completion scheduled for December 2008. The route extension to Osijek was delayed by four months	months	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
Jane became Hogg's common law wife and they had two children together. The family settled in London, although Hogg's legal career meant that he often had to travel away from home. While living in London Hogg made the acquaintance of several well known writers,	,	PUNCT	and	CCONJ	 and
In order to change the notion of manhood so that men could oppose slavery without jeopardizing their self image or their standing in society, some abolitionists drew on principles of women's suffrage and Christianity as well as passivism, and praised men for cooperation, compassion, and	and	CCONJ	civic	ADJ	 civic
This continues until (5: 09), after all instruments have faded out except for the tremolo laden feedback of the guitar. During professional reviews, " Yes! I Am a Long Way from Home " received largely positive reception. Ian Mathers of Stylus Magazine	Magazine	PROPN	described	VERB	 described
Though sometimes shifting abruptly in time, Vanaja is an arresting story of modern day hardship and class exploitation, recalling Charles Dickens as well as Western fairy tale lore. Domalpalli's settings are ultra real in detail and color, from the crude, almost feudal deprivations of	of	ADP	Vanaja	PROPN	 Vanaja
Georges Vezina collapsed during the first game of the 1925 – 26 season. He was diagnosed with tuberculosis and never played again, succumbing to the illness in March 1926. In his honour, the team donated a new award to the league, the Vezina Trophy,	,	PUNCT	to	PART	 to
But the real importance, to my mind, lay in the effect they had on our own people, and especially the village masses.... Non cooperation dragged them out of the mire and gave them self respect and self reliance.... They acted courageously and did not submit	submit	VERB	so	ADV	 so
Fifteen life size statues of kings were placed in niches on the walls, and the hammer beam roof by the royal carpenter Hugh Herland, " the greatest creation of medieval timber architecture ", allowed the original three Romanesque aisles to be replaced with a single huge open	open	ADJ	space	NOUN	 space
A study performed in California found that removal of thiomersal from vaccines did not decrease the rates of autism, suggesting that thiomersal could not be the primary cause of autism. A study on children from Denmark, Sweden and California likewise argued against TCVs being causally associated with	with	ADP	autism	NOUN	 autism
She was later consulted by the producers of the long running radio soap opera The Archers and the Cullompton farmers ' market was mentioned in one of the episodes. It is held monthly on the second Saturday of the month. There is an active traders group (Cullompton	Cullompton	PROPN	Traders	PROPN	 Traders
His band played a mixture of pop standards and bebop originals by Charlie Parker, Thelonious Monk, Dizzy Gillespie, and Tadd Dameron. As with all bebop based jazz, Davis's groups improvised on the chord changes of a given song. Davis was one of many	many	ADJ	jazz	NOUN	 jazz
People who have autonomic instability such as low blood pressure require treatment with direct acting sympathomimetics such as epinephrine, norepinephrine, or phenylephrine. Conversely, hypertension or tachycardia can be treated with short acting antihypertensive drugs such as nitroprusside or esmolol; longer acting drugs such as propranolol	propranolol	NOUN	should	AUX	 should
Percussive tracks were recorded through a thirty year old Roger Meyer compressor to color the sound (Vig: " It's really saturated and distorted, but in a very musical way "). Some tracks however were fairly scrutinized: an instrumental break in " Til the	the	DET	Day	PROPN	 Day
The game includes a phone that could be used to manually dial any number, which is needed to contact several non player characters. The game also features an inventory system requiring the examination and collection of items, which could be used as evidence later in the game	game	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
The Australians put on 255 for the second wicket, through Hassett and Barnes, who was replaced by Harvey after retiring ill. The other Australian batsmen had all made centuries, and were keen to see Hamence do the same. The rest of the team left their	their	PRON	card	NOUN	 card
It corresponds to the coronations that formerly took place in other European monarchies, all of which have abandoned coronations in favour of inauguration or enthronement ceremonies. The coronation usually takes place several months after the death of the previous monarch, as it is considered a joyous occasion	occasion	NOUN	that	PRON	 that
Daniel Shulman plays bass on all four tracks. On October 14, 1998, Garbage, Electronic Arts, AT & T and Broadcast.com linked up to promote a live webcast from Garbage's headline show at Dallas Bronco Bowl by offering a free.a2b file format digital download of	of	ADP	"	PUNCT	 "
By the end of 1899, construction had started on shoplots, a pier and government buildings. This new administrative centre was renamed Jesselton after Sir Charles Jessel, who was the then Vice Chairman of BNBC. Eventually, Jesselton became a major trading post of North Borneo	Borneo	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
He likewise spoke against what would become the Fourteenth Amendment to the Constitution. Although he opposed the amendment, Randall did favor the idea behind part of it: section 4, which guarantees that Congress may not repudiate the federal debt, nor may it assume debts of	of	ADP	the	DET	 the
Aguilar then appealed his conviction, arguing that the AUUF statute violated the Second Amendment and was unconstitutional. The Court of Appeals, evaluating Heller, found that Heller only protected the right to possess a handgun in the home. The court also evaluated McDonald and found that	that	SCONJ	while	SCONJ	 while
Around 3: 10 a.m. EST, the first of two killer tornadoes touched down near Kenly, North Carolina. The EF2 tornado destroyed a few homes and damaged several others. Roughly 20 minutes later, an EF3 tornado touched down in Wilson County. This tornado killed	killed	VERB	one	NUM	 one
Three storms developed in October, including Hurricane Paul. Tropical activity within the basin in November 2006 was the most active on record, based on the Accumulated Cyclone Energy (ACE) Index. Three tropical cyclones formed, of which two became tropical storms; only two	two	NUM	other	ADJ	 other
The Kid Line was finally broken up. While they remain consistent offensive performers, they lacked defensive ability and opposing teams began to find success playing their own top scoring lines against the trio. Primeau subsequently retired in 1936 in favour of his business interests. Despite the	the	DET	break	NOUN	 break
Later, they return home after Parvati rejoins her head. The other version, from the Pranotasani Tantra and attributed to Svatantra tantra, is narrated by Shiva. He recounts that his consort Chandika (identified with Parvati) was engrossed in coitus with him in reverse posture	posture	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
She died on 23 April 1989, after suffering a stroke. Hu Die had an illegitimate daughter named Hu Ruomei (胡若梅), later renamed to Hu Yousong (胡友松), who was born in 1939. The identity of her father is unknown. She was	was	AUX	raised	VERB	 raised
The ship had a range of 2,100 nautical miles (3,900 km; 2,400 mi) at a speed of 12 knots (22 km / h; 14 mph). Komintern's crew consisted of 573 officers and men. The ship was rearmed during World War I	I	PRON	with	ADP	 with
" In the end, many of the moderate Finnish conservatives followed the thinking of Lauri Ingman, who wrote in spring 1918: " A political turn more to the right will not help us now, instead it would strengthen the support of socialism in this country.	.	PUNCT	"	PUNCT	 "
Increasingly interested in socialism, he read the works of Marxism's founders Karl Marx and Friedrich Engels, as well as those of philosopher G. W. F. Hegel, whose ideas on dialectics heavily influenced Marxist theory. Also while there, he became a great friend of fellow	fellow	ADJ	undergraduate	NOUN	 undergraduate
It has been assumed that the eyes were all compound, like arthropods ' lateral eyes, but this reconstruction, which is not backed up by any evidence, is " somewhat fanciful ". The mouth was under the head, behind the proboscis, and pointed backwards	backwards	ADV	,	PUNCT	,
Stainforth lock, which connected the canal to the River Don, was closed in 1939. The winter of 1947 was particularly severe, and the Stainforth and Keadby was closed for a period due to ice. After the Second World War, the canals of the Sheffield	Sheffield	PROPN	and	CCONJ	 and
" Even long time players of the Myst games, such as Heidi Fournier of Adventure Gamers, felt that a few puzzles were too difficult; Computer and Video Games, meanwhile, believed that the story clues were too symbolic and scant, which made following the plot	plot	NOUN	difficult	ADJ	 difficult
C.J. Lee and David Merritt served as team co captains, and Manny Harris and DeShawn Sims shared team MVP honors. The 2008 – 09 season marked a turnaround for the team for several reasons. The team rebounded from a 10 – 22 overall record and a 5	5	NUM	–	SYM	 –
The analysis showed that the woolly mammoth and the African elephant are 98.55% to 99.40% identical. The team mapped the woolly mammoth's nuclear genome sequence by extracting DNA from the hair follicles of both a 20,000 year old mammoth retrieved from permafrost, and another that	that	PRON	died	VERB	 died
Spin's Joe Levy named the song the only " great " dance record on Like a Prayer, and also observed that " Keep It Together " was a " girly disco " song that drew influences from Sister Sledge's " We Are Family " and Madonna's	's	PART	own	ADJ	 own
In one episode, McDermott performed the self penned " Shut Up / Kiss Me " as a duet with Fiona Horne. It was met with such a warm reception from viewers that it was eventually released as a single. Some of his other musical performances from the	the	DET	series	NOUN	 series
He was also interviewed by Rainn Wilson for SoulPancake. Carlsen was selected as one of the " sexiest men of 2013 " by Cosmopolitan. In August 2013, Carlsen became an ambassador for Nordic Semiconductor. As of 2012, Carlsen is the only active chess professional with	with	ADP	a	DET	 a
Rutland suggested that the two men were alike in their intolerance of opponents and suspicion of their motives. Mason had long battled against Alexandria merchants who he felt unfairly dominated the county court, if only because they could more easily get to the courthouse. In 1789,	,	PUNCT	he	PRON	 he
However, his family succeeded in reconstructing much of this from his notes and volume II of Theorie der linearen Wechselstromschaltungen was published after his death. Cauer's legacy continues today, with network synthesis being the method of choice for network design. Wilhelm Adolf Eduard Cauer was	was	AUX	born	VERB	 born
Bayliss questions Larry Biedron (Bruce MacVittie), who was involved with the altercation that led to Lange's fall. Biedron says he was bumped from behind with Lange, but witnesses give conflicting reports: some say Biedron pushed Lange, some that Lange pushed Biedron,	,	PUNCT	and	CCONJ	 and
Advanced technology and the Al Bhed are now embraced by the population as a whole, and most have begun to pursue leisures such as attending musical concerts and participating in the sport of blitzball. Others have become hunters of ancient treasures, ranging from coins and machinery long	long	ADV	buried	VERB	 buried
Second, the Court held that a conditional intention (for example, an intention to so arm the vessel only if sufficient funds could be obtained) was insufficient to satisfy the elements of the offense. Third, the Court held that, if the defendant had a	a	DET	fixed	VERB	 fixed
After fighting their way through the Darkspawn horde, and a final battle against the Archdemon atop Denerim's highest tower, the player is given the chance to deliver the killing blow or to let Alistair or Loghain do it. With each choice, the Archdemon is killed	killed	VERB	and	CCONJ	 and
In its second weekend X Men: First Class dropped 56.2 percent, the second smallest second weekend drop in the franchise behind X2: X Men United (53.2 percent), and came in with $24.1 million, in second place to Super 8. Overseas,	,	PUNCT	it	PRON	 it
Rita Crews for The Studio Quarterly Magazine described his style as " free flowing, with an underlying romantic character, one in which melodic line and lyricism are all important elements ". His music has been broadcast by radio stations ABC FM and 2MBS FM – the latter	latter	ADJ	has	AUX	 has
It was released in June 2009 in Europe, Middle East, Australia and New Zealand. Initial anticipation when the first media for Unleashed was revealed was high, as the demonstration videos hinted at a possible return of Sonic to his traditional platforming roots, especially because of	of	ADP	the	DET	 the
The two ships were ultimately raised and broken up for scrap after the end of the war. Lemnos was 382 feet (116 m) long overall and had a beam of 77 ft (23 m) and a draft of 24 ft 8 in (7.52 m	m	NOUN	)	PUNCT	)
In children additional tests may be required such as urine biochemistry and blood testing looking for metabolic disorders. A high blood prolactin level within the first 20 minutes following a seizure may be useful to help confirm an epileptic seizure as opposed to psychogenic non epileptic seizure. Serum	Serum	NOUN	prolactin	ADJ	 prolactin
Thus, by reproducing the number five, which in medieval number symbolism signified incorruptibility, Gawain's pentangle represents his eternal incorruptibility. Gawain's refusal of the Lady Bertilak's ring has major implications for the remainder of the story. While the modern student may tend to	to	PART	pay	VERB	 pay
Issues included difficulties with collision detection, unpredictable movements that led to glitches, and troubles with the firing mechanism. The pumpkin's ability to fire projectiles was intended to provide offensive game mechanics to players. In early designs, however, the projectile inadvertently generated a force	force	NOUN	that	PRON	 that
Other industries in the area included a corn mill, which collapsed some time during the First World War, located next to the Micker Brook; cotton weaving; and brickworks, one located where the fire station is and one near the railway station. A coal wharf	wharf	NOUN	was	AUX	 was
In its second week of release, the film's gross suffered due to the competition from the release of Seethamma Vakitlo Sirimalle Chettu, slipping to the second spot in the charts. It witnessed more than a 50% drop in its business, collecting approximately ₹ 80	80	NUM	million	NUM	 million
Disregarding this new order, Sharon division mounted a major brigade sized attack the following day. Despite initial successes, the Israelis had been repulsed by the end of the day with no gains, losing around 60 tanks in the process. Gonen was furious at Sharon,	,	PUNCT	not	PART	 not
Ulam's idea seems to have been to use mechanical shock from the primary to encourage fusion in the secondary, while Teller quickly realized that X rays from the primary would do the job much more symmetrically. Some members of the laboratory (J. Carson Mark in particular	particular	ADJ	)	PUNCT	)
He also had political experience as a governor, together with a political pedigree courtesy of his father (as well as many biographical parallels with him). Ann Romney, who had become an advocate for those with multiple sclerosis, was in remission and would be an	an	DET	active	ADJ	 active
" Simon & Marcy " was storyboarded by Cole Sanchez and Rebecca Sugar, from a story by Patrick McHale, Kent Osborne, and Pendleton Ward. The episode was co directed by Adam Muto and Nick Jennings; the former was credited as " supervising director ",	,	PUNCT	whereas	SCONJ	 whereas
The 14 months that he spent in China were largely seen as beneficial for U.S.-China relations. After Ford's accession to the presidency, Bush was under serious consideration for being nominated as Vice President. Ford eventually narrowed his list to Nelson Rockefeller and Bush. White House	House	PROPN	Chief	PROPN	 Chief
There is just enough energy and resources left for a final re evolution. Prior to the initial events of Rewrite, Kotarou had been a low ranking member of Guardian posted in Kazamatsuri, where he encounters Kagari. In one timeline, Kotarou is badly injured by Kagari	Kagari	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
In the second preview, she wears the same outfit and dances seductively in front of a chair in an office as the camera cuts to the man, who is watching her. Beyoncé pays homage to German American actress and singer Marlene Dietrich in the video as she	she	PRON	channels	VERB	 channels
In January, a Chetnik force led by Lašić conducted successful operations against the Partisans in the Andrijevica district, but Lašić suffered a severe head wound during the fighting. Lašić's wounding meant Đurišić soon became the most prominent and important Chetnik commander in Montenegro. By 5	5	NUM	January	PROPN	 January
This bridge was washed away by a flash flood in 1957. In 2006, work started on a new wooden cantilever bridge in the traditional style, with a free span of 55 metres (180 ft). It was completed in 2008. In 2008, after	after	ADP	completion	NOUN	 completion
The lake has no outlet. Water is lost through sublimation and ablation of the ice cover. The lake is categorized as an ultra oligotrophic lake. Isotope studies have established that the lake has long had a permanent ice cover. Further, studies carried out during the	the	DET	austral	ADJ	 austral
The reading was accompanied by persistent jeers, but Andrade persevered, and later discovered that a large part of the audience found it transformative. It has been cited frequently as the seminal event in modern Brazilian literature. The Group of Five continued working together in the 1920s	1920s	NUM	,	PUNCT	,
Also, the cement that was used on the bridges had to be sourced from seven different sources, which led to different durability for different parts of the bridges. The previous Causeway had carried electric trams, and it was expected that the new Causeway would also carry	carry	VERB	trams	NOUN	 trams
For example, Germany refused to share their formula for synthetic oil from coal until late in the war. Germany invaded Poland on 1 September 1939. Britain and France declared war on Germany two days later. World War II was under way. Poland fell quickly,	,	PUNCT	as	SCONJ	 as
It is the fourth book in The Keys to the Kingdom series, and was released in March 2006. Sir Thursday continues from the preceding book, following the adventures of Arthur Penhaligon as he attempts to retrieve the Fourth key of the Kingdom, and claim mastership of	of	ADP	The	DET	 The
The funds for this equipment, however, were not provided for by the government and was a cost that the battalion had to meet itself, which it did so through an appeal for donations from the public. At this time many of the battalion's initial personnel	personnel	NOUN	were	AUX	 were
Its Hartford City manufacturing plant continued to be a major employer until the 1980s, when Overhead Door cut back local operations. The Hartford City facility finally closed in 2000. The county lost another major Hartford City employer in 2011 when the Key Plastics plant closed, as	as	SCONJ	200	NUM	 200
Jones later removed former governor Wilkinson from the board of the University of Kentucky using the bill's provisions. Despite these reforms, Jones drew criticism from ethics watchdogs because no law required him to disclose the identities of his business partners and associates with Airdrie Stud and because	because	SCONJ	the	DET	 the
Papal sanction of the marriage appears to have required the founding of two monasteries in Caen – one by William and one by Matilda. The marriage was important in bolstering William's status, as Flanders was one of the more powerful French territories, with ties to the	the	DET	French	ADJ	 French
Harold Godwinson's victory was short lived, as only a few weeks later he was defeated by William the Conqueror at the Battle of Hastings. The fact that Harold had to make a forced march to fight Hardrada at Stamford Bridge and then move at utmost speed south	south	ADV	to	PART	 to
But what probably most occupied his time was the welfare of his authors: at the most he fed and housed them, but at the least he served as banker, postal clerk and packager, literary agent and editor, social chairman, and psychiatrist. As Johnson	Johnson	PROPN	became	VERB	 became
Nicholas Fish (1758 – 1833) was a leading Federalist politician and notable figure of the American Revolutionary War. Col. Fish was active in the Yorktown Campaign that resulted in the surrender of Lord Cornwallis. Peter Stuyvesant was a prominent founder of New York, then	then	ADV	a	DET	 a
The tradition of royal portrait painting in Scotland was probably disrupted by the minorities and regencies it underwent for much of the sixteenth century, but began to flourish after the Reformation. There were anonymous portraits of important individuals, including the Earl of Bothwell (1556) and	and	CCONJ	George	PROPN	 George
The nearby rapids in the Saint Lawrence required portage, making The Cedars a strategic landing point for anyone navigating the river to or from Montreal. Crossing of the Ottawa River was made between Fort Anne and Quinze Chênes, now Vaudreuil. In September 1775, early in	in	ADP	the	DET	 the
Although Calais is by far the largest city in Pas de Calais, the department's prefecture is its third largest city of Arras. The population of the metropolitan area at the 2010 census was 126,395. Calais overlooks the Strait of Dover, the narrowest point in the	the	DET	English	PROPN	 English
An active film maker from 1970, Kiarostami had been involved in over forty films, including shorts and documentaries. Kiarostami attained critical acclaim for directing the Koker trilogy (1987 – 94), Close Up (1990), Taste of Cherry (1997) – which	which	PRON	was	AUX	 was
In October 1996, the band released their second studio album, Ænima. The album was certified gold in ten weeks, achieved double platinum in ten months, and won the Grammy Award for Best Metal Performance in 1998. After the release of the album, Tool	Tool	PROPN	began	VERB	 began
Patrick soon announces he has a wife, Marion, although she is imaginary and nobody else other than him can see her. This leads Brian and Stewie to believe he is crazy. Lois attempts to overlook the evidence, and instead tries to persuade Peter not to	to	PART	encourage	VERB	 encourage
The song ends with interpolating electronic swirls and the orchestra fading out. Sterling Clover from The Village Voice explained that the ending recalled the snare drums and bass usage in songs of the microhouse genre, describing it as " cacophony of harmonic fragments ". According to the	the	DET	sheet	NOUN	 sheet
Peckinpah and his editors cut the film to satisfy the new, expansive R rating parameters which, for the first time, designated a film as being unsuitable for children. Without this new system in place, the film could not have been released with its explicit images	images	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
The scoreline puts the match among the most one sided in Grand Slam finals history. Federer suffered from mononucleosis in 2007 and 2008 which seriously inhibited his energy levels and movement through most of the early hard court and clay season, and his fitness and training levels did	did	AUX	n't	PART	n't
Hill was the most successful Australian batsman in the series, scoring 327 runs at an average of 81.75. In the First Test he made 145 when Australia was in trouble after following on, an innings described in Wisden as " marred by very few mistakes ".	.	PUNCT	In	ADP	 In
It was re released on Microsoft Windows, OS X and iOS as a remastered edition in 2010 and on Android in 2012. It is the second installment in the Broken Sword series, and the first game in the series that does not follow the Knights Templar storyline	storyline	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
" When I got home I said to Janet that I hoped it was not an hallucination. " The new Zimbabwean parliament opened on 15 May 1980, a month after formal independence from Britain, with Smith as the reconstituted country's first Leader of the Opposition.	.	PUNCT	Continuing	VERB	 Continuing
The clip was directed by Ethan Lader who took inspiration from fashion and the film Fight Club. In 2008, Dev recorded two songs using the software GarageBand on her MacBook that a friend posted onto her Myspace page. Production duo The Cataracs, consisting of Niles Hollowell	Hollowell	PROPN	Dhar	PROPN	 Dhar
The goat population has been reduced to just a few animals, and there are ongoing efforts to control rodents and introduced plants. In July 2012 it was announced by the Australian federal Environment Minister Tony Burke and the New South Wales Environment Minister Robyn Parker that the Australian	Australian	ADJ	and	CCONJ	 and
In 1866, Austria called for Prussia to hand over administration of Schleswig Holstein, which had until that point been jointly administered by the two powers, to the Duke of Augustenberg. Prussia refused, and Otto von Bismarck sent troops into Austrian administered Holstein. This provoked	provoked	VERB	war	NOUN	 war
Slate's David Haglund notes that Hills ' version is the best known of the early recordings. It was performed by Jessica Paré as Megan Draper in the first episode of the fifth season of Mad Men on March 26, 2012. The morning after its on air	air	NOUN	performance	NOUN	 performance
While Silk Spectre was based partially on the Charlton character Nightshade, Moore was not impressed by the character and drew more from heroines such as Black Canary and Phantom Lady. Moore and Gibbons designed Watchmen to showcase the unique qualities of the comics medium and to highlight its	its	PRON	particular	ADJ	 particular
Torrential rains during a two hour span overnight triggered most of the flooding in the area, isolating many homes and inundating several. In Westmoreland Parish, severe flooding inundated several homes and damaged roadways. One home sustained significant damage after a large tree fell on it.	.	PUNCT	In	ADP	 In
These later accounts were more willing to present Constantine as a genuine convert to Christianity. Beginning with Norman H. Baynes ' Constantine the Great and the Christian Church (1929) and reinforced by Andreas Alföldi's The Conversion of Constantine and Pagan Rome (1948), a	a	DET	historiographic	ADJ	 historiographic
Although he has no formal training in Magick, he has an extraordinary amount of experience and understanding in the field. From some of his experiences I deduced that he is in direct touch with some higher intelligence, possibly his Guardian Angel. He describes his Angel as	as	ADP	a	DET	 a
In the book 1001 Albums You Must Hear Before You Die, critic Alex Rayner stated that Homework tied the established club styles to the " burgeoning eclecticism " of big beat. He contended that it served as a proof that " there was more to dance music than	than	ADP	pills	NOUN	 pills
At 14: 00 Meldrum reported he could now hold out until nightfall and at 22: 30 they were relieved by the rest of the Loyal Regiment and the 5th Battalion Wiltshire Regiment. In the day's fighting the regiment, from a total of 173 all ranks	ranks	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
Some are well enough not to require immediate cortisol replacement; in this case, blood levels of cortisol are determined at 9: 00 AM (as cortisol levels vary over the day). A level below 550 nmol / l indicates a need for replacement. The	The	DET	decision	NOUN	 decision
Nor are their songs dramatic. Charles Wharton Stork commented in his 1917 anthology of Swedish verse that " The anthologist finds little to pause over until he comes to the poetry of Karl Mikael Bellman (1740 1795), but here he must linger long. " Describing	Describing	VERB	him	PRON	 him
Webber stated that he was expecting Singapore to be a tough weekend for him after he had retired from the event in 2008 and 2009, but felt there was still some time before a driver clinched the championship. After crashing out of the first lap of the Italian	Italian	PROPN	Grand	PROPN	 Grand
The Soviet Air Force practice of harassing German ground forces using antiquated Polikarpov Po 2 and R 5 biplanes at night to drop flares and fragmentation bombs, inspired the Luftwaffe to form its own Störkampfstaffeln (harassment squadrons). On 23 July 1942, Junkers offered the Ju	Ju	PROPN	87	NUM	 87
The video game was developed by Australian company Beam Software and first released in 1993 by Data East. The game is loosely based on the novel Never Deal with a Dragon by Shadowrun co creator Robert N. Charrette and set in the year 2050. The player takes on	on	ADP	the	DET	 the
On 11 July 1968, 26 year old Mardas married 22 year old Eufrosyne Doxiades (the daughter of a respected Greek architect) at St Sophia's Church, London. Harrison and his wife attended, and Lennon (who was there with Yoko Ono) was joint	joint	ADJ	best	ADJ	 best
Yet secretly, Moreno supported the plan to dismiss the Viceroy. Mariano Moreno had several contacts with groups seeking the removal of Cisneros, but was not strongly involved with the May Revolution, which considered the fall of the Junta of Seville a reason to depose the viceroy	viceroy	NOUN	and	CCONJ	 and
Hubert Schmundt relieved him and served as the ship's captain for the following year. In 1934, a pair of 8.8 cm (3.5 in) anti aircraft guns in individual mounts were installed on her aft superstructure just forward of her main battery turrets. That same	same	ADJ	year	NOUN	 year
The publicity surrounding the trial brought the pink film genre to the attention of the general public, and helped inspire the wave of pink films which dominated Japan's domestic cinema for the next two decades. During the legal battles of the trial, Takechi filmed a pink	pink	ADJ	film	NOUN	 film
The longest, lasting 12 years in the mid ‑ 19th century, reduced the river's flow to 20 percent below average. Scientists have expressed concern that a similar drought would have grave consequences in a region so dependent on the Columbia. In 1992 – 1993,	,	PUNCT	a	DET	 a
Late in the afternoon of Sunday, July 22, 2007, 48 year old Jennifer Hawke Petit and her 11 year old daughter Michaela Petit went to a local grocery store in Cheshire, Connecticut. They picked up food for Jennifer's pre birthday meal that Michaela planned	planned	VERB	to	PART	 to
Meusel helped lead the team to their first World Series title, in their third consecutive matchup with the Giants. Meusel had the most runs batted in (eight) of any player in the Series. He hit a two run triple in the second inning to help	help	VERB	the	DET	 the
Pam tells Jim that in his lottery fantasy " we're Stephen King characters ", due to his desire to live in Maine. During one sequence, the scene begins in media res when Jim and Dwight are having a conversation about the films Message in a Bottle	Bottle	PROPN	and	CCONJ	 and
Unlike most EU states, which usually operate parliamentary systems, there is a separation of powers between the executive and legislative which makes the European Parliament more akin to the United States Congress than an EU state legislature. The President of the European Commission is proposed by the	the	DET	European	PROPN	 European
" Where'd You Go ", its fourth single, peaked at No. 4 on the Billboard Hot 100 chart, while second single, " Remember the Name ", reached at No. 66. Another track, " Kenji ", describes the experiences of	of	ADP	a	DET	 a
Colin Greenwood explained the internet release as a way of avoiding the " regulated playlists " and " straitened formats " of radio and TV, ensuring listeners around the world would experience the music at the same time, and preventing leaks in advance of a physical release.	.	PUNCT	In	ADP	 In
From 1886 to 1973 the building was used as a meeting space by the Clinton Lodge of Ancient Free and Accepted Masons and the Order of the Eastern Star. In 1973, the building was purchased by prominent Romney lawyer Ralph Haines, who used it as a law	law	NOUN	office	NOUN	 office
This suggestion was positively received by Nomura and Yoshinori Kitase, but at the time Tabata was busy developing Final Fantasy Type 0 (then Agito XIII) and The 3rd Birthday. Deployment for the SoftBank version ended in June 2015. The composer for Before Crisis was Takeharu	Takeharu	PROPN	Ishimoto	PROPN	 Ishimoto
Townshend had been looking at way of progressing beyond the standard three minute pop single format since 1966. Co manager Kit Lambert shared Townshend's views and encouraged him to develop musical ideas, coming up with the term " rock opera ". The first use of the	the	DET	term	NOUN	 term
In order to find out who, McGarrett and Danny turn to Chin Ho Kelly (Daniel Dae Kim), one of John's proteges. He left the Honolulu Police Department disgraced after he was accused of corruption. After Chin Ho asserts his innocence, McGarrett offers	offers	VERB	him	PRON	 him
In the 1962 Marsh Chapel Experiment, which was run by Pahnke at the Harvard Divinity School under the supervision of Timothy Leary, almost all of the graduate degree divinity student volunteers who received psilocybin reported profound religious experiences. One of the participants was religious scholar Huston Smith	Smith	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
An additional extension from Bacoor to Imus and from there a further extension to Dasmariñas, both in Cavite, are also being considered. As of March 2012, the government announced that the P60 billion LRT 1 south extension project has already been approved by the National Economic	Economic	PROPN	and	CCONJ	 and
New Fletton was transferred from Huntingdonshire in 1868 and in 1918 the parliamentary borough was abolished and replaced with a new division of the parliamentary county of Northampton with the Soke of Peterborough, including the whole of the Soke and neighbouring parts of the administrative county of Northamptonshire,	,	PUNCT	extending	VERB	 extending
The transitional civilian government will rule up to two years before new elections will be held. National Assembly speaker Manuel Serifo Nhamadjo, who had previously rejected the office of interim president in April 2012, was again selected as interim president on 11 May 2012. Sory Djaló	Djaló	PROPN	was	AUX	 was
The island fortifications were never tested against a major Union attack. However, they served a useful purpose in dealing with grounded ships, both Confederate and Federal; in protecting the entrance to the bay; and in maintaining Confederate possession of the islands. Matters changed in	in	ADP	early	ADJ	 early
After leaving school, Macartney worked for a fruit and vegetable merchant near Sydney's Sussex Street docks, honing his batting skills by practising without pads on a wooden wharf during his lunch break. At this stage in his career, he possessed a copybook technique and defensive	defensive	ADJ	style	NOUN	 style
Young had identified the first determinative " divine female ", but Champollion now identified several others. He presented the progress before the academy where it was well received, and even his former mentor turned archenemy, de Sacy, praised it warmly, leading to a reconciliation	reconciliation	NOUN	between	ADP	 between
Capitalism was also considered to be a theme; consumer commodities were said to be signs of death, such as the abandoned cars in the desert and the floating washing machines in a flooded abandoned factory. Besson described the film as an " imaginary excursion ", stating	stating	VERB	he	PRON	 he
The 1987 edition of the International Code of Botanical Nomenclature changed the rules on the starting date and primary work for names of fungi, and names can now be considered valid as far back as 1 May 1753, the date of publication of Linnaeus's work. In	In	ADP	1986	NUM	 1986
At his consecration, he managed to avoid giving a profession of obedience to Thomas the Archbishop of York, just as his predecessor had done. William of Malmesbury, a medieval chronicler, accused Ranulf of paying 1,000 pounds for the bishopric. He was given ecclesiastical jurisdiction	jurisdiction	NOUN	over	ADP	 over
At this time, the troops on the other side of the river in Gloucester also surrendered. The French casualties were 60 killed and 194 wounded and the American casualties were 28 killed and 107 wounded: a grand total of 88 killed and 301 wounded. The British	British	ADJ	official	ADJ	 official
It is common for extant castles to be the result of several phases of construction, and were adapted and added to over the period of their use; however Château Gaillard essentially is the result of one period of building. The division into three wards bears similarities with	with	ADP	the	DET	 the
Playwright Eugene O'Neill won the Nobel literature prize in 1936; other acclaimed U.S. dramatists include multiple Pulitzer Prize winners Tennessee Williams, Edward Albee, and August Wilson. Though little known at the time, Charles Ives's work of the 1910s established him as the first major	major	ADJ	U.S.	PROPN	 U.S.
At ground level, the figures ' positions lead the viewer around the work, and subtly suggest their common movement forward. The committee was incensed by the untraditional proposal, but Rodin would not yield. In 1895, Calais succeeded in having Burghers displayed in their preferred	preferred	ADJ	form	NOUN	 form
He was joined by fellow NBA stars Steve Nash, Carmelo Anthony, and Baron Davis, and movie star Jackie Chan. After the 2008 Sichuan earthquake, Yao donated $2 million to relief work, and created a foundation to help rebuild schools destroyed in the earthquake	earthquake	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
Timbaland also used the Turkish oud to mellow out the guitar riff. The chord series follows the Am C G D keys. Following the instrumental, Timberlake begins the verse at thirteenth bar. The original track had a bridge, including the pre verses, the verses	verses	NOUN	and	CCONJ	 and
During her first patrol, she circumnavigated the British Isles and entered the Bay of Biscay. It was here that U 47 sank her first three ships, SS Bosnia on 5 September, SS Rio Carlo on 6 September and SS Gartavon on 7 September 1939. On	On	ADP	8	NUM	 8
An agreement regarding financing was made between A / S Sotrabrua and the Ministry of Transport and Communications on 1 July 1968. The construction of the road would be done by Hordaland Public Road Administration, who would receive two thirds of the financing of costs up to NOK	NOK	PROPN	34	NUM	 34
In the 1950s, DE 141 became concurrent with the route from New Castle to north of Newport. DE 41 was removed from the DE 141 concurrency in the 1970s and was realigned to follow DE 2 east to an interchange with DE 141 in the 1980s, with	with	ADP	the	DET	 the
Implementation was planned in six phases, numbered zero through five. Between phases zero and one, an evaluation of the process was planned. The first phase covers the smallest geographic area, but the largest population. By June 2007, the project was delayed by half	half	DET	a	DET	 a
Timberlake distanced himself from the controversy while Jackson faced much criticism and backlash. He later commented that " America's harsher on women... [and] unfairly harsh on ethnic people. " Timberlake performed the song at the Hollywood Palladium, following his performance at the 55th	55th	ADJ	Annual	PROPN	 Annual
The Italians were supported by German paratroopers of the 1st Parachute Division, who were ordered to move to Sicily from France, and if necessary were to parachute in on 9 July. The 1st Fallschirmjäger Machine Gun Battalion commanded by Major Werner Schmidt had landed at Catania during	during	ADP	an	DET	 an
In the prequel Soulcalibur Legends a similar prototype golem, Astaroth α, is discovered by game protagonist Siegfried. Upon defeat, he joins Siegfried's party as a playable character. Astaroth's gameplay was developed around the concept of a powerful fighter that struck at a distance	distance	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
The total force would number about 5,300. The 9th Division would be limited to taking 15 days ' supplies. One of the lessons of the Lae operation was the need for a naval beach party to take soundings, mark the beaches and channels, and handle communications	communications	NOUN	between	ADP	 between
Within a few minutes, North Korean artillery was attacking all front line rifle companies of the regiment from the Namji ri bridge west. Under cover of this fire a reinforced regiment of the NK 7th Division crossed the Nam River and attacked F and G Companies, 35th	35th	PROPN	Infantry	PROPN	 Infantry
She justified her involvement saying, " It is a woman's business to be interested in the environment. It's an extended form of housekeeping. " She toured the state giving " hundreds of ringing denunciations " of the airport project, and increased membership of Friends	Friends	PROPN	of	ADP	 of
On 24 March 1938, Black Osprey was sailing in a dense fog off St. Catherine's Point on the Isle of Wight when she struck the 311 GRT British cargo ship Chagford, which sank within five minutes. Three of Chagford's six man crew were picked up	up	ADP	by	ADP	 by
Bevan left at the same time, and Gillan remarked that he and Bevan were made to feel like " hired help " by Iommi. The band then recruited an unknown Los Angeles vocalist named David Donato. The new line up wrote and rehearsed throughout 1984, and	and	CCONJ	eventually	ADV	 eventually
There were now two militias marching and singing through Little Rock as the city became a battle ground. Commanding both forces were ex Confederate soldiers. Former Brigadier General James F. Fagan commanded the Brooks men, and Robert C. Newton, a former Colonel, commanded the Hallie	Hallie	PROPN	Riflers	PROPN	 Riflers
As Potter biographer Daphne Kutzner writes of Potter's illustrations for Jeremy: " When she finally did the illustrations for the book, she changed the original background from the River Tay in Scotland to Eswaithe Water in the Lakes. The illustrations are indeed lovely, showing Potter	Potter	PROPN	's	PART	's
Megan and Dolph infiltrate the True Directions graduation ceremony where Dolph easily coaxes Clayton away. Megan entreats Graham to join them as well, but Graham nervously declines. Megan then performs a cheer for Graham and tells her that she loves her, finally winning Graham over.	.	PUNCT	They	PRON	 They
The Hall and a residual park of over 50 acres was sold on by the Freeholders (though not the lordship of the manor) to the Nevill family of successful industrialists. In 1925 it was purchased by John Henry Davies, and then, in 1935, acquired	acquired	VERB	by	ADP	 by
Both species are omnivorous, eating fruit, flowers, buds, insect excretions, tree gums, large insects, spiders, frogs, chameleons, snakes, small birds, and eggs. Coquerel's giant mouse lemur is thought to opportunistically prey on mouse lemurs after an	an	DET	individual	NOUN	 individual
The record never made it into the charts. In 1966 " Freddie Lennon " (the name under which Alf recorded) tried again, and issued three singles with the group Loving Kind. These records did not sell well, either. Though the public at large	large	ADJ	quickly	ADV	 quickly
There are examples of deep south made caps that were trimmed in red cotton and wool, and issued to Infantry units, showing that any available clothing was issued to the troops as the war progressed. The slouch hat was the preferred choice of many soldiers, including	including	VERB	officers	NOUN	 officers
The utility's documentation, along with the forum post, contained little information as to how necessary keys could be obtained. The author elaborated in another forum post, claiming that keys could be obtained by exploiting the necessity for them to be held in memory to allow	allow	VERB	playback	NOUN	 playback
In Julius Mode, the playable characters include Julius Belmont, Yoko Belnades, and Alucard. Each character has a weapon and an assortment of abilities unique to them, and although these abilities remain static throughout the entire game, the characters ' statistics can improve by acquiring	acquiring	VERB	enough	ADJ	 enough
The song soared eighty three positions to number two in its second week, kept from the top spot by only Robin Thicke's " Blurred Lines ", while becoming Perry's twelfth top ten hit single in the United States, and her ninth consecutive single to peak	peak	NOUN	within	ADP	 within
" The only credit in the production is that of Marie Eline in an unknown role. A review of the film in The Moving Picture World would state the representation of the standard theatrical company was extremely good. This was not by chance, for many key persons	persons	NOUN	at	ADP	 at
After that the Pleistocene ice age covered the whole continent and destroyed all major plant life on it. The geological study of Antarctica has been greatly hindered by nearly all of the continent being permanently covered with a thick layer of ice. However, new techniques such as	as	ADP	remote	ADJ	 remote
At least 40,000 tourists who spent the Mexican Independence Day in Acapulco were stranded since the terminal of the airport was underwater. Furthermore, the main roads out of the city were blocked by landslides. Even though by September 19, the military had evacuated 10,000 people via	via	ADP	100	NUM	 100
Sent to the Russian front, he came down with dysentery. He returned to Berlin, where he joined Hertz, Westphal, Hans Geiger, Otto Hahn and others at Fritz Haber's Kaiser Wilhelm Institute for Physical Chemistry and Electrochemistry, working on the development of gas	gas	NOUN	masks	NOUN	 masks
He also hired circus performers to teach him to throw knives. While filming, he was never out of character between takes (including keeping his character's New York accent). At one point during filming, having been diagnosed with pneumonia, he refused to wear	wear	VERB	a	DET	 a
On 10 May, after the invasion force had entered Libau, the British submarines HMS E1 and HMS E9 spotted the IV Squadron, but were too far away to attack them. By 1916, the threat from submarines in the Baltic convinced the German navy to withdraw	withdraw	VERB	the	DET	 the
But he never fired at a stretcher bearer or any of the soldiers who were trying to rescue wounded Turks. " In contrast, Hamilton said in a 2008 interview, " We have an anecdote where, after spotting an injured Turk, he said ' I'll	'll	AUX	put	VERB	 put
Inside, the barrels of gunpowder were discovered hidden under piles of firewood and coal. Fawkes gave his name as John Johnson and was first interrogated by members of the King's Privy chamber, where he remained defiant. When asked by one of the lords what he	he	PRON	was	AUX	 was
The 24 – 17 loss was the Browns ' first in a championship game. The 1952 and 1953 seasons followed a similar pattern: Cleveland reached the championship game but lost both times to the Detroit Lions. In 1952's championship game, Detroit won 17 – 7	7	NUM	after	ADP	 after
The line then climbs at gradients between 1 in 86 and 1 in 170 before a dip where it crosses the River Brede. This is followed by a climb to Battle with gradients between 1 in 100 and 1 in 227 before the line falls to Hastings at gradients	gradients	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
There is grandeur in this view of life, with its several powers, having been originally breathed into a few forms or into one; and that, whilst this planet has gone cycling on according to the fixed law of gravity, from so simple a beginning endless	endless	ADJ	forms	NOUN	 forms
The percussion and the choir sound are added interchangeably between the verses and the bridges, until the second chorus. At this point the guitars start flickering from left to right, accompanied by a bubbling sequenced bassline. Rikky Rooksby, author of The Complete Guide to the	the	DET	Music	PROPN	 Music
Because Traherne's works were lost for 200 years after his death they did not influence other writers until the 20th century. Indeed, while Samuel Johnson included him in his criticism of what he termed " metaphysical " poetry, many of Johnson's contemporaries did not know	know	VERB	of	ADP	 of
After deliberations, Whitelaw instructed the SAS to prepare to assault the building at short notice, an order that was received by Mike Rose at 15: 50. By 17: 00, the SAS were in a position to assault the embassy at ten minutes ' notice	notice	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
" Historians ' opinions vary on Grant's motives for issuing the order. Jewish leaders complained to Lincoln while the Northern press criticized Grant. Lincoln demanded the order be revoked and Grant rescinded it within three weeks. Grant made amends with the Jewish community during his presidency	presidency	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
Her performance was nominated for a Golden Globe Award as Best Actress - Drama and for a Screen Actors Guild (SAG) Award for Best Actress. During the time of Thirteen's release, Vanity Fair named Wood as one of the It Girls of Hollywood, and	and	CCONJ	she	PRON	 she
Jacob Aue Sobol (born 1976) studied at Fatamorgana, the Danish School of Art Photography. His first book Sabine presents vivid pictures of his Greenlandic girlfriend and the remote village where she lives. For his series on the Gomez Brito family from Quiché in Guatemala,	,	PUNCT	he	PRON	 he
These houses are loosely clustered with generous space between each lodging. The rainy season encampment serves for three to five years as a base for forest foraging before resource depletion requires a move to a new location. Those working the corn fields may live in simple grass shelters	shelters	NOUN	alongside	ADP	 alongside
Three destroyers — Hull, Monaghan and Spence — capsized and sank with nearly all hands, while a cruiser, five aircraft carriers, and three destroyers suffered serious damage. Approximately 790 officers and men were lost or killed, with another 80 injured. Fires occurred in	in	ADP	three	NUM	 three
Merckx won three of the five stages contested within the next four days, including a summit finish to Mont Ventoux, where upon finishing he was given oxygen. Merckx won two more stages, both individual time trials, and won the Tour by over twelve minutes.	.	PUNCT	He	PRON	 He
By the end of the program, the records of all participating schools of nursing had been audited by up to 32 field auditors, who were assigned to each (USPHS) district office and covered the schools in that area. The work of the field auditors resulted	resulted	VERB	in	ADP	 in
In general, the project itself does not develop this software, only the framework to allow these programs to be installed, which is known as the Ports collection. Applications may either be compiled from source (" ports "), provided their licensing terms allow this	this	PRON	,	PUNCT	,
After some delay, the Yugoslav government conditionally signed the Pact on 25 March 1941. Two days later a bloodless coup d'état deposed Prince Paul and declared 17 year old Prince Peter II of Yugoslavia of age. Ostojić was involved in the coup through his close relationship with	with	ADP	one	NUM	 one
It was around this time that Nirvana's Nevermind was making waves in the rock and pop scene. As the popularity of 80's pop gave way to alternative rock, Yankovic decided it was time to record a parody of the Seattle based band's huge hit single	single	ADJ	"	PUNCT	 "
Environmentalists estimate that Granny may have a PCB load of up to 100 parts per million, and that her descendants ' reproductive systems may have been damaged by exposure to pollution. Additionally, Granny and her family are at risk from declining West Coast salmon populations. Granny	Granny	PROPN	was	AUX	 was
In 1920 he successfully argued that the RAF should take the lead during the operation to restore peace in Somaliland. The success of this small air action then allowed Trenchard to put the case for the RAF's policing of the British Empire. Trenchard particularly argued for the	the	DET	RAF	PROPN	 RAF
Traces of painted stucco on the final version of the pyramid reveal that at some point the exterior of the structure was painted blue and red. The five versions of the Lost World Pyramid were each larger than the previous version. They were not built directly centred upon	upon	SCONJ	the	DET	 the
" David Robinson of The Financial Times criticised the appearance of Connery and his effectiveness to play Bond in the film remarking: " It's not just that Sean Connery looks a lot more haggard and less heroic than he did two or three years ago; but there	there	PRON	is	VERB	 is
After a succession of victories, the English held great possessions in France, the French king was in English custody, and the French central government had almost totally collapsed. There has been a historical debate as to whether Edward's claim to the French crown originally was	was	AUX	genuine	ADJ	 genuine
When the B 52 G was retired in 1994, an urgent scheme was launched to restore an interim Harpoon and Have Nap capability, the four aircraft being modified to carry Harpoon and four to carry Have Nap under the Rapid Eight program. The Conventional Enhancement Modification (	(	PUNCT	CEM	PROPN	CEM
In untreated coeliac disease, these are often transient conditions derived from the intestinal damage. They normally revert or improve several months after starting a gluten free diet, but may need temporary interventions such as supplementation with pancreatic enzymes, dietary restrictions of lactose, fructose, sucrose	sucrose	NOUN	or	CCONJ	 or
Carson wrote in 1961 that September Morn had caused " the most heated controversy over nudity, art, and morals " in the United States since Hiram Powers ' statue The Greek Slave in the 1840s. The oil baron Leon Mantashev acquired the original September Morn in c.	c.	PROPN	1913	NUM	 1913
Both parts were directed by J.J. Abrams, who co wrote the script with Damon Lindelof. Jeffrey Lieber, who had been commissioned by ABC to write the first version of the script, earned a story credit. Filmed in Oahu, Hawaii, it was the most	most	ADV	expensive	ADJ	 expensive
In 1867, Benjamin had been indicted in Richmond, along with Davis, Lee, and others, for waging war against the United States. The indictment was soon quashed. Davis visited London in 1868, free on bail, and Benjamin advised him not to take	take	VERB	legal	ADJ	 legal
The presence of this force at Toulon enabled the French to plan a secondary operation using Ganteaume's new arrivals. A deal had been brokered earlier in the year between Bonaparte and Charles IV of Spain for the Spanish government to provide six ships of the line from the	the	DET	Cadiz	PROPN	 Cadiz
Another of his favourite female vocalists was Ronnie Spector – formerly known as Veronica Bennett, lead singer of girl group the Ronettes until 1967, and latterly married to American producer Phil Spector. After co producing Harrison's acclaimed All Things Must Pass triple album in 1970,	,	PUNCT	following	VERB	 following
The despair reflected what Finlay (1994) describes as a widespread sense of hopelessness that prepared local business and political leaders to accept a new orthodoxy of centralised government economic planning when it arrived during the Second World War. The shipbuilding industry had expanded by a third during	during	ADP	the	DET	 the
The axons of sensory receptor cells travel into the spinal cord or brain, where they transmit their signals to a first order sensory nucleus dedicated to one specific sensory modality. This primary sensory nucleus sends information to higher order sensory areas that are dedicated to the same modality	modality	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
Cliff Lewis, Graham's primary backup, also played in the game. Brooklyn's only score came in the second quarter on a Bob Hoernschemeyer rush. The Dodgers were hurt by short punts from Mickey Colmer and a poor passing game. The team was held to	to	ADP	39	NUM	 39
His failure to break his silence disappointed some of his followers, while others regarded these broken promises as a test of their faith. Some followers speculate that " the Word " will yet be " spoken ", or that Meher Baba did break his silence but in	in	ADP	a	DET	 a
London: Nelson. Solomon, Susan (2001). The Coldest March: Scott's Fatal Antarctic Expedition. London: Yale University Press. ISBN 978 0 300 08967 7. OCLC 45661501. Spufford, Francis (1997). I May Be Some Time:	:	PUNCT	Ice	PROPN	 Ice
This belief was widely held in the 18th century, when the grape was also known as Petite Vidure or Bidure, apparently a corruption of Biturica. There was also belief that Vidure was a reference to the hard wood (French vigne dure) of the vine,	,	PUNCT	with	ADP	 with
" On 17 July 1917, to appease British nationalist feelings, King George issued an Order in Council that changed the name of the British Royal Family to the House of Windsor. He specifically adopted Windsor as the surname for all descendants of Queen Victoria then living in	in	ADP	the	DET	 the
These architectural studios embrace the desert climate, and are unconventional in their approach to the practice of design. They include the Paolo Soleri (who created Arcosanti), Al Beadle, Will Bruder, Wendell Burnette, and Blank Studio architectural design studios. Another major force	force	NOUN	in	ADP	 in
" Flaming Moe's " was the first episode of the show to feature Moe in a prominent role. The main plot of the episode in which Moe's Tavern becomes famous because of a drink is loosely based on the Los Angeles establishment Coconut Teaszer. The episode	episode	NOUN	also	ADV	 also
Stossel was named co anchor of 20 / 20 in May 2003, while he was writing his first book, Gimme a Break: How I Exposed Hucksters, Cheats, and Scam Artists and Became the Scourge of the Liberal Media, which was published in 2004.	.	PUNCT	In	ADP	 In
While moving through northwestern Mexico, Hurricane Ismael dropped moderate to heavy rainfall including a state record of 7.76 inches (197 mm) in Sinaloa, resulting in the flooding of four municipalities. In one municipality, the passage of the hurricane destroyed 373 cardboard houses and damaged	damaged	VERB	4,790	NUM	 4,790
" The end result was considered a disappointment, as Stipe had to work with Finster on a long distance basis, and the reproduction of the artwork for the album sleeve was problematic. The spine of the vinyl version of the album features the phrase " File Under	Under	ADP	Water	PROPN	 Water
Even as a top 5 selection, Alexander's stock continued to rise as a senior, according to the Chicago Sun Times ' Joe Henricksen. Some of the stats that Alexander posted were so impressive as to cause disbelief to some, including Chicago Tribune high school basketball	basketball	NOUN	writer	NOUN	 writer
Poetry praised the idealized lives of farmers and shepherds. The interiors of houses were often decorated with painted gardens, fountains, landscapes, vegetative ornament, and animals, especially birds and marine life, rendered accurately enough that modern scholars can sometimes identify them by species.	.	PUNCT	The	DET	 The
After losing in the final, Gill and his Rovers team mates indulged in the local beer to the extent that they were arrested and kept in police cells overnight. At the age of 16 he joined Trowbridge Town, then playing in the regional divisions of the Southern	Southern	PROPN	League	PROPN	 League
There are a number of commercial varieties available from Australian retail nurseries; however none have yet been registered under plant breeders ' rights legislation, and only one (' Limelight ') is registered with the Australian Cultivar Registration Authority. The lack of official names has led	led	VERB	to	ADP	 to
" Csupó explained that " it was a very conscious decision from the very beginning that we're not going to overdo the visual effects because of the story's integrity and the book's integrity ", because there was only a brief mention of Jess and Leslie fighting	fighting	VERB	imaginary	ADJ	 imaginary
A fellow officer, married to an American steel heiress, offered Sydney work as a secretary to his wife, and the Coggins family emigrated to Long Island, New York in 1923. While his father served with the Life Guards Regiment in France during World War I	I	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
It had been reformed into multiple smaller and more mobile armies from October 1808. In the Peninsula the French were grouped into multiple armies, each operating chiefly in its own area, in order to secure Portugal and Spain. These forces were commanded by French marshals,	,	PUNCT	senior	ADJ	 senior
As Friedman noted, if the price of silver had remained high, the exclusion of the silver dollar from the 1873 act would have been irrelevant. By 1874, the effect of the new mines in the Far West, and the sale of silver in Germany following	following	VERB	its	PRON	 its
Busch was killed and Nordmann, severely injured, did not fly operationally again. In total, Nordmann claimed 78 aerial victories, 69 of which on the Eastern Front, flying over 800 combat missions. Under his leadership JG 51 reported the 4,000th aerial victory on 16	16	NUM	December	PROPN	 December
On 6 April, the ship was attacked by British torpedo bombers, which managed to score a single hit. The Bristol Beaufort that struck the ship was piloted by Flying Officer Kenneth Campbell. The torpedo struck Gneisenau in the vicinity of the rear main battery turret.	.	PUNCT	Some	DET	 Some
Since the start of Israeli occupation of the Old City in 1967, the Jewish Quarter has expanded by some 40% and by 2000, 71 (12%) or 81 (14%) of the 581 properties in the Armenian Quarter were owned by Jews.	.	PUNCT	The	DET	 The
On February 11, 1993, Janet Reno was nominated for the post. Clinton had known of her since her days with the groundbreaking Miami Drug Court, where as state attorney she had worked with public defender and Clinton brother in law Hugh Rodham, but otherwise although	although	SCONJ	qualified	ADJ	 qualified
The alternative rock song was written by Lohan as a letter to her father, Michael Lohan, who survived a car crash for which he was charged with driving under the influence of alcohol. Additional writing and production was done by Kara DioGuardi and Greg Wells, while	while	SCONJ	Lohan	PROPN	 Lohan
Aqil also protected the Christian community of Nazareth from harm as their coreligionists elsewhere in Ottoman Syria faced massacres. Part of this protection included warnings to local Bedouin tribes to refrain from assaulting the town and warnings to its Christian and Muslim residents to prepare themselves militarily in case	case	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
Burton agreed to return after they granted him more creative control and replaced Hamm with Daniel Waters. Wesley Strick did an uncredited rewrite, removing the characters of Harvey Dent and Robin and rewriting the climax. Annette Bening was originally cast as Catwoman but became pregnant and was	was	AUX	replaced	VERB	 replaced
The popularity of Truffaut's auteur theory helped the film's and Welles's reputation. By 1942 Citizen Kane had run its course theatrically and, apart from a few showings at big city arthouse cinemas, it largely vanished and both the film's and Welles's reputation	reputation	NOUN	fell	VERB	 fell
Sigismund refused to agree to the boyar's request to send prince Władysław to Moscow and his conversion to Orthodoxy. Instead, Sigismund proposed that he should reign as a regent in Muscovy instead. This unrealistic proposal led to a resumption of hostilities. Briefly, beginning in	in	ADP	1610	NUM	 1610
Following this incident, she had a short rivalry with Michelle McCool, who had come to Massaro's aid, and was annoyed by Hall's singing. She defeated McCool in a singles match on the April 27 episode of SmackDown!. They continued to compete against	against	ADP	each	DET	 each
Goals are scored when a team member positioned in the attacking shooting circle shoots the ball through the goal ring. The goal rings are 380 millimetres (15 in) in diameter and sit atop 3.05 metre (10.0 ft) -high goal posts that have no backboards.	.	PUNCT	A	DET	 A
Talk of Dwight Schrute's (Rainn Wilson) karate experience gets Michael's competitive juices flowing, leading to a lunchtime match between the two at Dwight's dojo. Jim Halpert (John Krasinski) accidentally goes too far when horsing around with Pam Beesly (Jenna Fischer	Fischer	PROPN	)	PUNCT	)
The upgrade would have given sufficient standard to allow FIS Alpine Ski World Cup events in slalom to be held and was part of a municipal strategy to market Oslo as a winter sports destination. In 1987, a proposal was made for the Holmenkollen area to become a	a	DET	national	ADJ	 national
The latter town hosted the second Winter Olympic Games in 1928 and the fifth edition in 1948. Among the most successful skiers and world champions are Pirmin Zurbriggen and Didier Cuche. Most prominently watched sport events in Switzerland are football, ice hockey, Alpin skiing, "	"	PUNCT	Schwingen	VERB	 Schwingen
The first two releases on the label were an album and a single released at the convention Comiket 60 in August 2001, and were sold by Key. Since then, Key has regularly sold singles and albums under Key Sounds Label at subsequent Comiket conventions. Following the	the	DET	convention	NOUN	 convention
Banza revealed his intention to stage a coup to Lieutenant Jean Claude Mandaba, the commanding officer of Camp Kassaï, who he looked to for support. Mandaba went along with the plan, but his allegiance remained with Bokassa. When Banza contacted his co conspirators on 8	8	NUM	April	PROPN	 April
Also, the hurricane was the strongest to hit Dominica in the 20th century, and was the deadliest Dominican tropical cyclone since a hurricane killed over 200 in September of the 1834 season. On August 25, the US National Hurricane Center reported that a tropical depression had	had	AUX	developed	VERB	 developed
The Japanese replied that they could not accept this unless the number of battleships was also limited; they wanted the United States and the United Kingdom to agree to having an equal number of battleships with Japan, but this was a condition that the two countries refused to	to	PART	accept	VERB	 accept
One source mentions Tom Swift and His Electric Locomotive (1922) was published two years before the Central Railroad of New Jersey began using the first diesel electric locomotive; however, the book refers to a purely electrical locomotive powered from overhead lines, of the sort that	that	PRON	began	VERB	 began
" Coach Alexander recalled " The work of Douglas Wycoff against Notre Dame two years in succession was brilliant in the extreme, as was his plunging against Penn. State when we defeated them twice. " Tech and UGA renewed their annual rivalry game in 1925 after an	an	DET	eight	NUM	 eight
According to Snook, the sumbel has a strong social role, representing " a game of politicking, of socializing, cementing bonds of peace and friendship and forming new relationships " within the Heathen community. The ethnographer Murphy Pizza observed an example of a sumbel that took	took	VERB	place	NOUN	 place
He was so impressed with her rendition of the film's final scene — in which Anna and Jacob stand silently in a shower — that he decided to cast her. After Jones arrived in Los Angeles, she and Yelchin began an intensive week long rehearsal before filming	filming	VERB	began	VERB	 began
It was the only official recognition that she received during her lifetime. Laura Secord died in 1868 at the age of 93. She was interred next to her husband in the Drummond Hill Cemetery in Niagara Falls. Her grave is marked by a monument with a bust	bust	NOUN	on	ADP	 on
" Christy Lemire of The Boston Globe was positive of the song's incorporation in the film during the audition process due to its beautiful editing which makes " it feels like a fresh take on the tried and true, bad first date montage. " The song was	was	AUX	used	VERB	 used
Madonna said that it's not difficult to express herself lyrically without giving away too much of her own privacy. Though Madonna has said before that the song is about Guy Ritchie, it has been speculated that lines from the lyrics of the song like: " You	You	PRON	always	ADV	 always
The victory helped UMBC secure its first ever berth in the NCAA tournament. In 1999, the Retrievers again made an appearance in the tournament. Zimmerman coached the South squad in the 2002 North South Senior All Star Game. In 2005, UMBC posted a 5 –	–	SYM	1	NUM	 1
Kevin Huxford claimed, " you can feel editorial mandate dripping from this " and called the story " utterly ridiculous, " while Lucas Siegel criticized Quesada's decision to have heroic Peter Parker make a " deal with the Devil " for selfish reasons. Richard Renteria felt	felt	VERB	that	SCONJ	 that
A brick made of dust collected from his armour after his campaigns was reportedly placed under his head. He was succeeded by his only surviving son (by his cousin Sakhinah), the fifteen year old Abu'l Ma ' ali Sharif, better known as Sa'd al Dawla	Dawla	PROPN	.	PUNCT	.
For music, Thiagarajan approached A. R. Rahman in 2008 who declined the offer, and Ilaiyaraaja eventually replaced him. Muthuraj was selected as the art director for the film and Shaji Kumar as cinematographer while Prashanth took care of visual effects. The film ran into production trouble	trouble	NOUN	in	ADP	 in
were lowered at the moment of transubstantiation "; here it suggests that in the same way the Holy Spirit gives life to the bread and wine, it gave life to the Virgin's womb. She carries the Body and Blood of Christ, and is attended by	by	ADP	three	NUM	 three
The fortifications continued to be in military use until as late as the 1970s and by the time tunnelling ceased in the late 1960s, over 34 miles (55 km) of galleries had been dug in an area of only 2.6 square miles (6.7 km2).	.	PUNCT	Gibraltar	PROPN	 Gibraltar
Many types of cells export proteins produced by ribosomes attached to the rough ER. The ribosomes assemble amino acids into protein units, which are carried into the rough ER for further adjustments. These proteins may be either transmembrane proteins, which become embedded in the membrane of	of	ADP	the	DET	 the
In 1921, it was played by the league champions of the top division and FA Cup winners for the first time. As part of a sponsorship deal between The Football Association and American restaurant chain McDonald's, the match was officially referred to as " The FA	FA	PROPN	Community	PROPN	 Community
During a press conference, Mayor Jirla Isamuddin said that at about 8: 15 p.m., some protesters started to fight and loot, overturned guardrails and smashed three buses before being dispersed. At 8: 30 p.m., violence escalated around South Jiefang Road and Longquan Street	Street	PROPN	area	NOUN	 area
In July 2000, prior to the album's completion, they released their first single, " Hole in Your Roof ". In October 2000, Augie March released Sunset Studies. Album launches in Sydney and Melbourne were attempted, but were unsuccessful as both cities were	were	AUX	very	ADV	 very
Over 100 shelters were opened in the municipalities of Los Cabos, La Paz and Comondú, respectively. In all, Ivo contributed to heavy rainfall across Baja California Sur; however, damage was not reported. A tropical wave emerged off the western coast of Africa on	on	ADP	August	PROPN	 August
In 1867, recently widowed Josephine Clifford arrived at the Overland Monthly to take a position as secretary. She formed a lifetime friendship with Coolbrith. Coolbrith's literary work connected her with poet Alfred Lord Tennyson and naturalist John Muir, as well as Charles Warren Stoddard who	who	PRON	also	ADV	 also
The extratropical storm tracked southeastward and later turned to the southwest while steadily deepening; on May 7, it attained hurricane force winds. With a lack of tropical moisture, its corresponding convection was minimal and scattered. The National Hurricane Center first mentioned the possibility of tropical	tropical	ADJ	cyclogenesis	NOUN	 cyclogenesis
Lichtenstein has also described the effect of depicting a single artificial brushstroke sculpturally with hundreds of small brushstrokes: " My recent sculpture of a Brushstroke is an attempt to give strong form to something that is a momentary occurrence, to solidify something ephemeral, to make it concrete	concrete	VERB	.	PUNCT	.
However, the episode received the second lowest number of viewers received by Enterprise at that point, which was blamed on it being aired opposite the series finale of Dawson's Creek. As Enterprise is about to investigate a dark matter cloud, Captain Archer is informed by	by	ADP	Admiral	PROPN	 Admiral
" In 1997, Bass decided to deprioritise Stones in order to concentrate on promoting Worthington as their national ale brand. Stones ' ABV was further reduced to 3.8 per cent in August 1998, and then to 3.7 per cent a few months later leading to its derision	derision	NOUN	in	ADP	 in
Junction list The entire route is in Snow Hill, Worcester County. U.S. Route 113 Alternate (US 113 Alternate) was an alternate route of US 113 in Delaware. The highway ran 9.10 miles (14.65 km) from US 113 and DE 1 in Little Heaven	Heaven	PROPN	north	ADV	 north
Johnson hoped that he would be a compromise candidate for the presidential nomination as the Democratic Party tore itself apart over the slavery question. Busy with the Homestead Bill during the 1860 Democratic National Convention in Charleston, South Carolina, he sent two of his sons and his	his	PRON	chief	ADJ	 chief
The 19th century also witnessed two major restorations to St Denys '. As the congregation expanded, the need for greater space was met with the addition of a new north aisle in 1853. This coincided with a wider restoration project carried out at the cost of £	£	SYM	3,500	NUM	3,500
This infuriates Jim to his breaking point, and they hold a private talk in Michael's office. Michael snaps at Jim and points out that he is doing this to keep the office calm. CFO David Wallace (Andy Buckley) finally returns the phone calls to	to	ADP	Jim	PROPN	 Jim
In Canada, it debuted at number 85 on the RPM Singles Chart and reached number three in its eighth week. It was present on the chart for a total of 30 weeks. In Australia, " Ray of Light " debuted on the ARIA Singles Chart at	at	ADP	its	PRON	 its
In 920, Raja Sahil Varman (or Raja Sahil Verma) shifted the capital of the kingdom to Chamba, following the specific request of his daughter Champavati (Chamba was named after her). From the time of Raju Maru, 67 Rajas of this dynasty have	have	AUX	ruled	VERB	 ruled
" In 2012, Mike Fahey of Kotaku called Thief " the best stealth game I've ever played ", superior to modern games in the genre. That same year, Time named it one of the 100 greatest video games of all time. Thief: The	The	DET	Dark	PROPN	 Dark
By 1710, the construction of Bombay Castle was finished, which fortified the islands from sea attacks by European pirates and the Marathas. By 26 December 1715, Charles Boone assumed the Governorship of Bombay. He implemented Aungier's plans for the fortification of the island,	,	PUNCT	and	CCONJ	 and
The Department of Molecular Biophysics and Biochemistry (" MB & B ") that Richards founded and chaired at Yale, which amalgamated the medical school Biochemistry and the university Molecular Biophysics departments, was considered to have " quickly gained pre eminent stature. " Many of those	those	DET	faculty	NOUN	 faculty
Used on the Nordland Line, the Røros Line and the Rauma Line, they were purchased to replace the aging Di3 locomotive hauled trains. The Class 93 was produced by Bombardier, and is part of the Talent family. Fifteen units were delivered between 2000 and 2002	2002	NUM	.	PUNCT	.
Ants of this genus prefer to inhabit grasslands, forests, heath, urban areas and woodland. Nests are found in Callitris forest, dry marri forest, Eucalyptus woodland and forests, mallee scrub, in paddocks, riparian woodland, and wet and dry sclerophyll forests.	.	PUNCT	They	PRON	 They
They are rendered in bright colors. Mary wears a long flowing blue robe, Joseph a green lined red cape over a brown robe. He holds his hat in hand, and his pattens are respectfully removed, left lying on the ground. They gaze reverently at	at	ADP	the	DET	 the
A sequel, Marvel vs. Capcom: Clash of Super Heroes, was released in 1998. Marvel Super Heroes vs. Street Fighter is the second installment in the Marvel vs. Capcom series of 2D fighting games. It utilizes the same one on one tag team format previously employed	employed	VERB	in	ADP	 in
" The two operas presented in 1989 were The Mikado and The Pirates of Penzance. The new company's first three productions were broadly traditional in their staging. The Pirates, however, marked a break with traditional presentations, with the setting a giant toy box and	and	CCONJ	a	DET	 a
Other skills are then taught including the Uphill Christie, beginning turns, parallel turns, short swings and moguls. In teaching skiers with cerebral palsy, instructors are encouraged to delay the introduction ski poles as skiers may overgrip them. Use of a ski bra is also	also	ADV	encouraged	VERB	 encouraged
The palace, considered an architectural heritage and a tourist attraction, was built in the mid 19th century, replacing an earlier fort located nearby. It served as a royal residence for the Raja of Khaplu. From 2005 to 2011 the palace, having earlier stood in	in	ADP	vulnerable	ADJ	 vulnerable
Fort Ticonderoga was still extremely useful to the British as a supply and communication link between Canada and New York. On May 10, 1775, less than one month after the American Revolutionary War was ignited with the battles of Lexington and Concord, the British garrison of	of	ADP	48	NUM	 48
Guiteau might have had syphilis, a disease that causes physiological mental impairment. He was executed on June 30, 1882. Garfield's funeral train left Long Branch on the same special track that brought him there, traveling over tracks blanketed with flowers and past houses adorned	adorned	VERB	with	ADP	 with
All oxidation states have their characteristic optical absorption spectra, with a few sharp peaks in the visible and mid infrared regions, and the position and intensity of these peaks can be converted into the concentrations of the corresponding oxidation states. For example, Am (III)	)	PUNCT	has	VERB	 has
Speaker of the U. S. House of Representatives Sam Rayburn supported the idea and offered to use his influence to help Murphy enroll at West Point. Murphy expressed concerns to Edison and others that his war injuries might prevent him from passing the physical examination required to enroll.	.	PUNCT	Texas	PROPN	 Texas
Hiei was also armed with a large number of 1 inch (2.5 cm) Type 96 antiaircraft autocannons. On 4 August 1914, Hiei was formally commissioned and assigned to the Sasebo Naval District, before being attached to the Third Battleship Division of the First Fleet two	two	NUM	weeks	NOUN	 weeks
The park fared well during the 1930s under an elected administration. But, during the Second World War, it suffered from excessive poaching and timber cutting. Over time, the area in the reserve was increased — 797.72 km2 (308.00 sq mi) were added in	in	ADP	1991	NUM	 1991
Its closest rival, Failure to Launch, took in $15,604,892. The film debuted at number one in the Philippines, Singapore, South Korea, Sweden and Taiwan. V for Vendetta also opened in 56 IMAX cinemas in North America, grossing $1.36 million during	during	ADP	the	DET	 the
Scully sees Mulder's lifeless body and races back to the compound hoping that Smith can heal him, but a UFO directs a beam of light into the room where he is being held; when she enters the room, he is gone. Distraught, Scully yells	yells	VERB	,	PUNCT	,
The Pennsylvania Game Commission began purchasing land for state game preserves in 1920, and, by 1941, State Game Lands 34, which is partly in Quehanna Wild Area, had been established. Despite these conservation efforts, major forest fires swept the Moshannon and Elk state	state	NOUN	forests	NOUN	 forests
Wilton received much of the credit for 3rd Division's performance. He was awarded the Distinguished Service Order (DSO) for his " skill and ability in New Guinea " between July 1942 and April 1943, the citation being promulgated on 27 April 1944. In September	September	PROPN	1943	NUM	 1943
There is also a scene after the watermelon exploding trick where Meg was supposed to say " Fuck you, asshole! I'll kick your ass to hell! ", but Fox also censored the line and was replaced by " I hate you! I hate you	you	PRON	!	PUNCT	!
Likewise in the College, the University Party and the Cavalier Party were dominated by Lambda Pi and Skull & Keys, two Greek organizations. It was during the first half of the twentieth century that the first women's fraternities were established. The university first admitted women	women	NOUN	to	PART	 to
They can also be affected by diverse psychiatric and neurological symptoms independent of opportunistic infections and cancers. HIV is transmitted by three main routes: sexual contact, significant exposure to infected body fluids or tissues, and from mother to child during pregnancy, delivery, or breastfeeding	breastfeeding	VERB	(	PUNCT	 (
The issue intensified in 1896 when two of the Australian touring team, Ernie Jones and Tom McKibbin, seemed to throw the ball regularly; Sydney Pardon, the editor of Wisden, wrote: " The mortifying fact was that the illegal bowling was due entirely to our	our	PRON	own	ADJ	 own
There exist other factors which explain the conduct of the deceased independent of the subliminal stimuli. " Judas Priest members commented that if they wanted to insert subliminal commands in their music, messages leading to the deaths of their fans would be counterproductive, and they would prefer	prefer	VERB	to	PART	 to
On August 14, an area of convection organized enough to be considered a tropical depression. It was steered by John's circulation, and it was never expected to strengthen much because it was close to cool waters. The cyclone drifted north, then northeast, north	north	ADV	again	ADV	 again
For his services as Director General of the Tank Corps, Capper was made a Knight Commander of the Order of the Bath. In July 1918, Capper left the War Office and commanded the 64th Division in England until May 1919, when he took over command of	of	ADP	Number	PROPN	 Number
Mast cells can consume and kill gram negative bacteria (e.g., salmonella), and process their antigens. They specialize in processing the fimbrial proteins on the surface of bacteria, which are involved in adhesion to tissues. In addition to these functions, mast cells produce	produce	VERB	cytokines	NOUN	 cytokines
Expecting a confrontation, Washington took the precaution of striking his tents before sunrise, and sent the heavy baggage north to Trappe. He then dispatched troops to find out the size and intent of the British column. Brig. Gen. James Irvine of the Pennsylvania militia took	took	VERB	600	NUM	 600
" Several critics have noted satirical comparisons between Archer and the Bond films. Reed, himself, based the Archer character on Bond, perceiving Bond as misogynistic and racist. In its original broadcast on FX, " Training Day " was watched by 1.8 million viewers,	,	PUNCT	according	VERB	 according
The second cover was based on an idea by Bertrand Le Page who thought that it would be better to give the public an image it wanted. The single's Canadian release did not have a cover. A different cover was used for " My Mum Is Wrong	Wrong	ADJ	"	PUNCT	 "
The most important staging issue is whether the tumor can be surgically removed, or whether it is too advanced for surgical treatment to be successful. Often, this determination can only be made at the time of surgery. General guidelines for operability include: Absence of lymph	lymph	NOUN	node	NOUN	 node
" Ramen Rock " was inspired by Taneda's habit of eating ramen after every show. Finally, Yamano asked Morimoto to sing " Green Tea " because she is from Kyoto, which is known for its green tea. Other lyrical themes include on the album include	include	VERB	tennis	NOUN	 tennis
Gallagher reportedly blasted the organisers of the 2008 Glastonbury Festival for scheduling US hip hop artist Jay Z as a headliner for the traditionally guitar driven festival: " If it ain't broke don't fix it. If you start to break it then people aren't going	going	VERB	to	PART	 to
Voorhis complained about the way Nixon had conducted himself in the 1946 race. but was overshadowed by fellow detractor and Nixon nemesis Alger Hiss. Hiss's participation led to such an uproar that sponsors pulled back from underwriting the program, and News and Comment left the air	air	NOUN	in	ADP	 in
The storm moved southwestward and gradually strengthened to reach hurricane status. It persisted into the following calendar year, passing through the Leeward Islands on January 2. Alice reached peak winds of 90 mph (150 km / h) before encountering cold air and turning to the	the	DET	southeast	NOUN	 southeast
Bamber said: " You've got to help me. My father has just rung me and said, ' Please come over. Your sister has gone crazy and has got the gun. ' Then the line went dead. " Bamber said he had tried to	to	PART	ring	VERB	 ring
" One of the young Stanford's earliest compositions, a march in D♭ major, written when he was eight years old, was performed in the pantomime at the Theatre Royal, Dublin three years later. At the age of seven, Stanford gave a piano	piano	NOUN	recital	NOUN	 recital
Solyaris) is a 1972 Soviet science fiction art film adaptation of Polish author Stanisław Lem's novel Solaris (1961). The film was co written and directed by Andrei Tarkovsky. The film is a meditative psychological drama occurring mostly aboard a space station orbiting the fictional	fictional	ADJ	planet	NOUN	 planet
The Soviets expected to take control of the entire territory in three to four days. On the night of June 14, while the Lithuanian government was discussing the ultimatum, Soviet soldiers began actions at the border. They fired shots at a border post near Alytus and	and	CCONJ	killed	VERB	 killed
Beginning his career for Yorkshire in 1898 as a slow left arm bowler who was a useful batsman, Rhodes quickly established a reputation as one of the best slow bowlers in the world. However, by the First World War he had developed his batting skills to the	the	DET	extent	NOUN	 extent
A report from Galveston explained, " There was little characteristic sky appearance prior to the advent of the storm, the sky being mostly clear until lower clouds appeared suddenly between 6 and 7 a. m. C. S. T., on the 22d with altocumulus and alto stratus overcast	overcast	PROPN	showing	VERB	 showing
' " Spader called the character " self absorbed " and added, " I think he sees the Avengers as being part of a problem, a more comprehensive problem in the world. He sees the world from a very strange, [biblical] point of view	view	NOUN	because	SCONJ	 because
Earwicker has been absent throughout the latter tale, having been summoned upstairs by ALP. He returns and is reviled by his customers, who see Buckley's shooting of the General as symbolic of Shem and Shaun's supplanting their father. This condemnation of his character forces	forces	NOUN	HCE	PROPN	 HCE
Due to his growing participation with Lille's first team, Hazard was only allowed to play in 2009 UEFA European Under 19 Football Championship qualification matches by his club and, as a result, missed the 2008 edition of the Milk Cup, which was held during Lille	Lille	PROPN	's	PART	's
Following the end of World War II, however, the decision was made to establish a permanent standing defence force and the role of Reserve forces was reduced to the point where for a while their relevance was called into question. Recently, however, there has been	been	AUX	a	DET	 a
In Apuleius's description, the goddess also determines how much the initiate must pay to the temple in order to undergo the rites. The priests in Lucius's initiation read the procedure for the rite from a ritual book kept in the temple that is covered in "	"	PUNCT	undecipherable	ADJ	 undecipherable
NY 8 was realigned to follow the highway to New Hartford, from where it continued through Utica on the Arterial and I 790. It rejoined its previous alignment at I 790's interchange with Genesee Street. During this same period, the section of NY 12 between	between	ADP	Deerfield	PROPN	 Deerfield
This included a run of seven matches in the middle of the season in which he scored five centuries and four fifties and ended the season with 967 runs at 74.38. He made 211 not out and 102 in two matches against South Australia, whose attack was led	led	VERB	by	ADP	 by
Smith left school at 14 to join Billy Danter's Funfair, which toured extensively throughout the United Kingdom and also employed his father. He worked out of season as a farmhand, labourer and security guard. Smith moved from Gloucester to Tewkesbury and then Ross on Wye	Wye	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
On 6 April, the television station MTV3 organised a debate for all the incumbent parties represented in the parliament. On the question of Finland's participation in NATO operations in Libya during the 2011 Libyan civil war, Soini, saying " Finland should not be taken into	into	ADP	wars	NOUN	 wars
For some textured surfaces, such as facial hair and woodgrain, he used a broad brush with bristles as sparse as a comb. He employed all the finest workshop methods and best innovations, combining them with a diversity of brushwork and breadth of skill far exceeding that	that	PRON	of	ADP	 of
Kurt and Rachel sneak into the Gershwin Theatre where Wicked is playing, and from the stage they sing " For Good ", a song from the musical. They both decide to come back to New York after graduation. New Directions finishes in twelfth place at Nationals	Nationals	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
His actions in the raid earned him the Victoria Cross. The full citation for Edwards ' Victoria Cross appeared in the London Gazette on 22 July 1941, it read: Air Ministry, 22nd July, 1941. ROYAL AIR FORCE The KING has been graciously pleased to	to	PART	confer	VERB	 confer
Terreece Clarke from Common Sense Media rated the book three stars out of five, commenting that it " is ideal for reluctant readers and Halloween themed sleepovers " and " is one of the better books in the Goosebumps series ". FlavorWire's Kevin Pires listed the book	book	NOUN	as	ADP	 as
The pawn has two special moves: the en passant capture and pawn promotion. Once in every game, each king is allowed to make a special move, known as castling. Castling consists of moving the king two squares along the first rank toward a rook (	(	PUNCT	which	PRON	which
Also three versions will be available: Visia, Acenta and Tekna. The Visia version has a lower starting price than the previous model, and the Tekna model features even more standard equipment than the 2011 / 12 Leaf. The European version was unveiled at the 2013	2013	NUM	Geneva	PROPN	 Geneva
Slessor became Commander in Chief RAF Mediterranean and Middle East in January 1944, and deputy to Lieutenant General Ira Eaker as Commander in Chief Mediterranean Allied Air Forces. In this role he conducted operations in the Italian Campaign and Yugoslavia, establishing the Balkan Air Force in the	the	DET	latter	ADJ	 latter
Their names adorn many of the campus's prominent buildings. William Spier designed the addition of West Wing of the Arts Building for William Molson, 1861. Alexander Francis Dunlop designed major alterations to the East Wing of McGill College (now called the Arts Building, McGill	McGill	PROPN	University	PROPN	 University
Of those seven, six finished the event. Rodríguez ranked seventh in the heat behind Mariely Sanchez Hichez of the Dominican Republic (24.05 seconds) and Bulgaria's Ivet Lalova (23.13 seconds). She placed ahead only of Belgium's Kim Gevaert, who did not	not	PART	participate	VERB	 participate
In 1867, Goya's biographer Charles Emile Yriarte considered the painting important enough to warrant its own special exhibition, but it was not until 1872 that The Third of May was listed in the Prado's published catalog, under the title Scene of the Third of May	May	PROPN	1808	NUM	 1808
The song enjoyed anthem like popularity and according to V. Paramesh, a dealer of film music for 23 years, sold like " hot cakes ". It earned Rani — on whom the song was picturised — the moniker " O Podu Rani ". However, the	the	DET	song	NOUN	 song
Ed appeared in the " Cartoon Network Elections 2004 " with Grim from The Grim Adventures of Billy & Mandy as a team, and they ended up winning, due to the highest number of votes by viewers. Ed, Edd n Eddy attracted an audience of 31	31	NUM	million	NUM	 million
Despite the battle's small numbers, the American victory inspired rebels in the colonies. With the success of the revolution in doubt a week earlier, the army had seemed on the verge of collapse. The dramatic victory inspired soldiers to serve longer and attracted new recruits	recruits	NOUN	to	ADP	 to
In this species, the size of the oesophageal gland is about two orders of magnitude larger than the usual size. There is a significant embranchment within the oesophageal gland, where the blood pressure likely decreases to almost zero. The elaborate cardiovascular system most likely evolved to	to	PART	oxygenate	VERB	 oxygenate
Similar to that of military operations, fire management is often very expensive in the U.S. and the rest of the world. Today, it is not uncommon for suppression operations for a single wildfire to exceed costs of $1 million in just a few days. The	The	DET	United	PROPN	 United
She then returned to Japan, where the tour was completed. Hill did not want an extensive tour because of obligations to her family and the difficulties she experienced touring with the Fugees in 1996, which she found desensitizing and isolating. According to Hill biographer Chris Nickson	Nickson	PROPN	in	ADP	 in
" Before the start of the recording sessions, bassist David Ellefson stated that the band doesn't want their seventh studio album to sound like anything they have already recorded. Instrumentally, the band introduced a more melodic mix than the previous albums, filled with crunchy riffs	riffs	NOUN	and	CCONJ	 and
The wings had more spotting than those of the male. The tail was shorter than that of the male, and the legs and feet were a paler red. The iris was orange red, with a grayish blue, naked orbital ring. The wing of the	the	DET	female	NOUN	 female
Restructuring the MR 26 7, he fled to Mexico with his brother Raul Castro, where he met with Argentine Marxist Leninist Che Guevara, and together they put together a small revolutionary force intent on overthrowing Batista. In November 1956, Castro and 81 revolutionaries sailed from	from	ADP	Mexico	PROPN	 Mexico
Other countries into which the bullfrog has been introduced include Mexico, the western half of Canada, Cuba, Jamaica, Italy, the Netherlands, and France. It is also found in Argentina, Brazil, Uruguay, Venezuela, Colombia, China and Japan. The	The	DET	reasons	NOUN	 reasons
Brodsky suggested that the choice of wearing baseball hats and striped pants could " have something to do with baseball players and their penchant for chewing [bubble] gum ". Credits adapted from the liner notes of The 20 / 20 Experience. Locations Vocals recorded and mixed	mixed	VERB	at	ADP	 at
The area around the roadway became part of the Sleeping Bear Dunes National Lakeshore when the park was created in 1970, and the road became part of the park itself in 1977 when purchased by the park service. The name was later changed to Pierce Stocking Scenic Drive	Drive	PROPN	in	ADP	 in
As a result of Assistant Commissioner McHugh's investigation and due to the defense solicitor's refusal to release Dr Gudjonsson's report, the Director of Public Prosecutions ' office appointed a psychologist, Dr Adrian Grounds, to assess Dean Lyons. Dr Grounds concluded that Dean Lyons	Lyons	PROPN	was	AUX	 was
In April, an " organized campaign " had begun to remove the Bosniak population of Bijeljina. The SDS in Bijeljina put forth a plan and proposed that a Bosniak family be killed " on each side of town to create an atmosphere of fear ". On 23	23	NUM	September	PROPN	 September
After the end of the war in 1783, Sumner helped to establish the North Carolina Chapter of the Society of the Cincinnati, and became its first president. He died in 1785 with extensive landholdings and 35 slaves. Sumner was born in Nansemond County, Virginia,	,	PUNCT	in	ADP	 in
Another attack occurred on 9 April. Little damage was done on land, but both the British and Australian navies suffered losses. Regardless, the Japanese failed to sustain their initial momentum and the expected invasion did not occur. Nevertheless, men from the 2 / 3rd	3rd	PROPN	Battalion	PROPN	 Battalion
" Cartoonist Art Spiegelman said that Little Annie Fanny devolved from the more interesting Goodman Beaver. Underground cartoonist Robert Crumb, whose career Kurtzman helped launch, scorned Playboy and Annie. Monty Python's Terry Gilliam, the former assistant editor of Help!, said that Little	Little	PROPN	Annie	PROPN	 Annie
It is here that Dyer almost certainly met George Fox, and learned about his beliefs and the role of women as preachers in his faith. Though documentary evidence of an actual meeting of Dyer and Fox is lacking, it is certain that Dyer was known to Margaret	Margaret	PROPN	Fell	PROPN	 Fell
The character of Sideshow Bob began his career as the non speaking sidekick on Krusty the Clown's television show. The episode " Brother from Another Series " (season eight, 1997) reveals that Bob only received the job after his younger brother Cecil failed an audition	audition	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
" However, because Gaston was competing on Nashville Star, he was unable to participate in the music video. Gaston was eventually eliminated and Swift contacted him immediately to film the video. Swift was very impressed by Gaston's acting skills: " I was so impressed	impressed	ADJ	by	ADP	 by
Just seven hours after this, the JTWC classified the system as a tropical storm and began issuing advisories. Through the morning of 8 January, weak wind shear hindered development of the system. After enough convection wrapped around the centre of circulation, the Australian Bureau of	of	ADP	Meteorology	PROPN	 Meteorology
One canid, the domestic dog, entered into a partnership with humans a long time ago. This partnership is documented as far back as 26,000 years ago, when the footprints of a young boy aged about eight to ten was found in Chauvet Cave in southern France	France	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
They were denied a civic reception by the Lord Mayor of the City of Perth, who supported an Olympic boycott over Afghanistan, but the Lord Mayor of Fremantle instead hosted a reception. Evans received congratulations from Prime Minister Fraser. In 2000, Evans quipped that "	"	PUNCT	We	PRON	 We
In addition to the Rex episode, the May 1938 maneuvers conducted a well publicized mock attack on New York City, and arranged the first voluntary blackout in the United States, also planned by Eaker, during a mock raid on Farmingdale, New York, on 16	16	NUM	May	PROPN	 May
" There is nothing in the Maya or Aztec or ancient Mesoamerican prophecy to suggest that they prophesied a sudden or major change of any sort in 2012, " said Mayanist scholar Mark Van Stone. " The notion of a ' Great Cycle ' coming to an end	end	NOUN	is	AUX	 is
" The Judiciary Act of 1789 divided original jurisdiction for the trial of federal crimes between the district courts and the circuit courts. The district courts were given jurisdiction over all federal crimes " where no other punishment than whipping, not exceeding thirty stripes, a fine not	not	PART	exceeding	VERB	 exceeding
The town of Milford was founded in 1793, after Sir William Hamilton obtained an Act of Parliament in 1790 to establish the port at Milford, and takes its name from the natural harbour of Milford Haven, which was used for several hundred years as a staging point	point	NOUN	on	ADP	 on
Writing for The A.V. Club, Zack Handlen rated the episode a B, finding that its depiction of the character of James Dickerson added " some shades of gray " to the series ' usual " black and white morality ". Handlen also felt that while the scene	scene	NOUN	in	ADP	 in
... Macroscopically the specimen lacks the typical pronounced basal bulb to the stipe and volva remnants on the pileus; however, it is not an unknown condition in this taxon. Although Stevenson originally placed the species in Amanita section Phalloideae because of a perceived similarity to A. citrina	citrina	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
Mc Shea (GameSpot) thought that the sequel's in game challenges resolved the core issue of the original game — the lack of motivation to continue breeding new species, whereas the challenges direct players to collect new species. He appreciated the two new trap areas for	for	ADP	adding	VERB	 adding
Klaas Ruitenbeek states that the version of the Timberwork Manual quoted by Shen is most likely Shen's summarization of Yu's work or a corrupted passage of the original by Yu Hao, as Shen writes: " According to some, the work was written by Yu Hao	Hao	PROPN	.	PUNCT	.
Sessions began at 2: 00 p.m. EDT on May 7 and concluded at 9: 00 p.m. On May 8, sessions started at 1: 00 p.m. and stopped at 9: 00 p.m. Eighty two cars participated in the May 7 afternoon session; Martin Truex,	,	PUNCT	Jr.	PROPN	 Jr.
Alan Sepinwall of HitFix wrote that the episode " worked largely because it embraced [the] idea " that " the bonds you form at work go deeper than carpet, and that if you work with people long enough they can feel like your family. " He	He	PRON	ultimately	ADV	 ultimately
To be registered, Welaras must stand between 11.2 and 15 hands (46 and 60 inches, 117 and 152 cm) high. Crosses between Arabians and each of the four sections of Welsh Pony (A, B, C and D) tend to produce slightly	slightly	ADV	different	ADJ	 different
SFO is a hub for United Airlines and Virgin America. SFO is a major international gateway to Asia and Europe, with the largest international terminal in North America. In 2011, SFO was the 8th busiest airport in the U.S. and 22nd busiest in the world,	,	PUNCT	handling	VERB	 handling
In the center of the equatorial room is the 1896 12 inch (300 mm) refractor telescope. Built by the firm of Warner and Swasey, Cleveland, Ohio, the scope is stabilized on a brick pier which extends down into the bedrock and is not attached	attached	VERB	to	ADP	 to
The best known role of proteins in the cell is as enzymes, which catalyse chemical reactions. Enzymes are usually highly specific and accelerate only one or a few chemical reactions. Enzymes carry out most of the reactions involved in metabolism, as well as manipulating DNA in	in	ADP	processes	NOUN	 processes
The beat did, too. " Matisyahu stated that after listening to It Was Written, " I connected with hip hop, the hardness of it, the driving beat. It ’ s music with space, that has gaps in every little thing that happens.	.	PUNCT	"	PUNCT	 "
By October, Leaf speculated that the Chargers would release him after the season. Late that month, reports suggested that Leaf lied about a hand injury to get out of practice and play golf instead. In the Week 11 game on November 12 against the Miami Dolphins	Dolphins	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
T.H.E.M. Anime Reviews claimed that it was in " fight / action scenes that Naruto receives is highest accolades ", and praised the " invigorating and unique fighting styles / techniques [that] manage to continuously infuse action sets with life ". However, it criticized the	the	DET	"	PUNCT	 "
Cameron and Clegg gave their first joint press conference in the Downing Street Rose Garden on the afternoon of 12 May, telling journalists the purpose of their government would be " [T] o give our country the strong, stable and decisive leadership we need ".	.	PUNCT	The	DET	 The
In the 2001 census of the population aged between 16 and 74, 11,580 (67%) were in employment, with only 513 (3%) unemployed (the remainder being otherwise economically inactive). About 68% of those in employment were in service industries	industries	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
Insurance settlement from the damage caused at the riots allows the Stephanides to purchase a home away from the African Americans. The family participates in the white flight from the city to avoid the racial desegregation in the public schools, sends Cal to a private school. When	When	SCONJ	Lefty	PROPN	 Lefty
On 18 February, the German Army relaunched the offensive, advancing further into Russian controlled territory and within a day conquering Dvinsk. At this point, Lenin finally convinced a small majority of the Bolshevik Central Committee to accept the Central Powers ' demands. However, on	on	ADP	23	NUM	 23
Willie Garson — who had appeared in the third season episode " The Walk " — was cast as Henry Weems, breaking a " long standing rule " on the show to not recast previous actors. The first cut of the episode was four minutes under time,	,	PUNCT	and	CCONJ	 and
The population of Buenos Aires was said to have looked on silently with a combination of shame and hostility as the Brazilians passed. The triumph in Caseros was a pivotal military victory for Brazil. The independence of Paraguay and Uruguay was secured, and the planned Argentine invasion	invasion	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
Aigler said that the harm done by athletics was almost nothing when compared to the evils caused by " common loafing. " " The greatest vice in American college life today is loafing ", said Aigler. " There is no doubt that this far overshadows the harm	harm	NOUN	created	VERB	 created
" A negative review for the song was given by Bernard Zuel of The Sydney Morning Herald who described it as " awful ". For the collaboration, Fraser McAlpine from BBC Radio 1 reviewed the song negatively, writing: " So anyway, this brings me to	to	ADP	'	PUNCT	 '
The single was certified 6 × Platinum by the Recording Industry Association of America (RIAA). The song is one of the best selling singles worldwide, with worldwide sales of more than 5.1 million units (according to the IFPI). The song's accompanying music	music	NOUN	video	NOUN	 video
He also notes that the items of tribute were Buddhist artifacts which symbolized " the religious nature of the relationship. " Josef Kolmaš writes that the Ming dynasty did not exercise any direct political control over Tibet, content with their tribute relations that were " almost entirely of	of	ADP	a	DET	 a
After several months of preparations, the initial edition was published in July 1933, under the title Poedjangga Baroe. The new magazine was left under the editorial control of Armijn and Alisjahbana, while Amir published almost all of his subsequent writings there. In mid 1933 Amir	Amir	PROPN	was	AUX	 was
For this adaptation, Nigel Kneale himself was allowed to write the first draft of the screenplay, although subsequent drafts were worked on by director Val Guest. The plot is a condensed but largely faithful retelling of the original television serial. The main difference between the two	two	NUM	versions	NOUN	 versions
The Germans took both the airfield and Point 107 early on the morning of 21 May. The capture of the airfield allowed German reinforcements to be landed directly on Crete and establish a strong foothold on their otherwise tenuous positions. A counterattack to take back the airfield and	and	CCONJ	Point	PROPN	 Point
Therefore, outcomes relating to healthcare decisions within households will favour the men, due to greater self worth. The perceived contribution response describes the more favourable position of an individual when the individual ’ s contribution is perceived as contributing more to a group than other individuals.	.	PUNCT	The	DET	 The
Similar results were found when comparing the e Golf with the Golf 1.6 TDI. The analysis considered recycling of the three vehicles at the end of their lifetime. Environmental Protection Agency The following table compares tailpipe and upstream CO2 emissions estimated by the U.S. Environmental Protection Agency for	for	ADP	all	DET	 all
Hitcham died the following year, leaving the castle and the manor to Pembroke College in Cambridge, with the proviso that the college destroy the internal castle buildings and construct a poorhouse on the site instead, operating under the terms of the recently passed Poor Law. After	After	ADP	the	DET	 the
" Breathe " was released on 16 March 1998 as the third single from Impossible Princess. It was her final single for the labels, Deconstruction and BMG. Like " Did It Again ", " Breathe " appeared as a double set of CD singles. The	The	DET	CD	NOUN	 CD
The same critic also noted that Pajere, which drew inspiration from Byzantine settings, were more accomplished versions of a genre first cultivated by Dumitru Constantinescu Teleormăneanu. According to Perpessicius, Caragiale had " a certain outlook [...], according to which the past [...	...	X	]	X	]
He was subsequently rested for the fifth ODI, and ended the series as the most economical bowler, conceding only 3.62 runs per over. He put on another strong personal performance in the first ODI of the following series against South Africa in Hyderabad, where he struck	struck	VERB	an	DET	 an
Damage associated with the cyclone was generally minor, and only one life was lost when a boy fell into the swollen waters of a river and drowned. On August 7, a tropical storm formed north of the Leeward Islands, likely from a tropical wave. It	It	PRON	tracked	VERB	 tracked
The German government began a propaganda campaign during World War I to discredit the United Kingdom's currency in India. The Germans convinced Indian citizens that British banknotes in that country could not be redeemed for silver. This led to a run on the British supply of silver	silver	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
If the Communist rhetoric could be believed, " Lewis was a Fascist done up in brown. " Rose won and became the only (as of 2013) Communist to sit in the House of Commons. Lewis placed fourth. The sizable Jewish vote mostly went to	to	ADP	Rose	PROPN	 Rose
With the recovery of Aristotle's works in the twelfth and thirteenth centuries, Aristotle's views supplanted the earlier Platonism, and a new set of questions regarding the relationships of the unmoved movers to the spheres and to God emerged. In the early phases of the Western	Western	ADJ	recovery	NOUN	 recovery
Heavy rains impacted most of southern Madras State, with a maximum daily total of 110 mm (4.3 in) in Punalur. The most significant damage took place in Madras City where gale force winds uprooted trees and disrupted transport and communications. Many poorly constructed homes were	were	AUX	damaged	VERB	 damaged
The Arts and Crafts Exhibition of 1888 began a movement toward an idealised natural country garden style. The garden designs of Robinson and Jekyll were often associated with Arts and Crafts style houses. Both were influenced by William Morris, one of the leaders of the Arts and	and	CCONJ	Crafts	PROPN	 Crafts
She raised a girl, however, for three years and taught her how to paint. Once she became a professional portraitist she had periods of financial security, but that and her physical health vacillated over the course of her career. Susanna Paine, born in Rehoboth	Rehoboth	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
Wolsey was an influential minister in the government of King Henry VIII. He fell from favour after failing to secure papal permission for Henry to divorce his wife Katherine of Aragon, and on 4 November 1530 was arrested for treason. While en route from Yorkshire to London	London	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
As a result, no tropical depressions formed in June or July. Decreased wind shear in August allowed tropical waves to develop into tropical cyclones. The official storm track forecast errors were 30 to 40 percent lower than the average for the previous 10 years. The 24-	24-	NUM	,	PUNCT	,
Through the Armpit.net forums Sam offers this statement, adding that he will have surgery, following for rehabilitation. Bass duties are covered by Samuel Gerhard Mpungu. Durst wanted Limp Bizkit to be a " megaband " which could cross over into as many different styles of music	music	NOUN	as	ADP	 as
The Swedish national team coach Billy Harris (a former NHL pro with the Toronto Maple Leafs) later recalled that " the (Swedish) media would ask me, ' do you see even one Swedish player who could possibly have a chance in the National Hockey League	League	PROPN	?	PUNCT	?
Whitson's Corners was named after the corner of Pleasantville and South State Roads, where John H. Whitson's house, the Crossways, stood from 1820 until the 1940s. The Briarcliff Congregational Church's parish house currently stands at its former location. The neighboring community of	of	ADP	Scarborough	PROPN	 Scarborough
If the second player does not have any cards of the same suit but has one or more trump cards, one of these must be played. If the second player has no cards of the same suit and no trumps, any other card can be played.	.	PUNCT	Now	ADV	 Now
In late October 2014, it reached peak maximum sustained winds estimated between 205 km / h (125 mph) and 215 km / h (130 mph). The India Meteorological Department (IMD) named it Nilofar; the name refers to the water lily,	,	PUNCT	and	CCONJ	 and
The SS90 was abandoned in 1994 in favor of the heavier and 2.7 mm (0.11 in) shorter SS190 projectile. SS190 duty The SS190 FMJ, a refinement of the SS90, was introduced in 1993. It offered superior performance over the prototype projectile as well as	as	ADP	slightly	ADV	 slightly
Examples of nucleoside analogues are aciclovir for Herpes simplex virus infections and lamivudine for HIV and Hepatitis B virus infections. Aciclovir is one of the oldest and most frequently prescribed antiviral drugs. Other antiviral drugs in use target different stages of the viral life cycle. HIV is	is	AUX	dependent	ADJ	 dependent
Due to the freeway revolts of the 1960s, much of the proposed interstate highway system through the middle of Washington was never built. Interstate 95 (I 95), the nation's major east coast highway, therefore bends around the District to form the eastern portion	portion	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
Seals and sea otters are the only carnivores with two pairs of lower incisor teeth rather than three; the adult dental formula is 3.1.3.12.1.3.2 The sea otter has a metabolic rate two or three times that of comparatively sized terrestrial mammals. It must eat an estimated 25 to	to	PART	38	NUM	 38
Johnny Krill, the leader of the Drasticals, corrects them for " sports " and lets them try to be Drasticals. Johnny gives SpongeBob and Patrick tasks to do to pass, including motorbiking and surfing, but they ended up to be terrible at it. Johnny	Johnny	PROPN	decides	VERB	 decides
Honey cake (lekach) is often served as dessert, accompanied by tea or coffee. Dishes cooked with pomegranate juice are common during this period. The holiday of Hanukkah is marked by the consumption of traditional Hanukkah foods fried in oil in commemoration of the miracle in	in	ADP	which	PRON	 which
A limitation of the radial velocity method used to detect 55 Cancri f is that only a minimum mass can be obtained, in this case around 0.144 times that of Jupiter, or half the mass of Saturn. A Keplerian fit to the radial velocity data of 55	55	NUM	Cancri	PROPN	 Cancri
The river between Grants Pass and Grave Creek has productive runs of summer and winter steelhead and Chinook, as well as good places to fish for trout. From Grave Creek to Foster Bar, all but the lower 15 miles (24 km) of which is closed	closed	VERB	to	ADP	 to
However, other aspects of the Chongqing model — in particular the egalitarian social policies, subsidized education and low income housing projects — drew grassroots and popular support. At least in this regard, the successes of the Chongqing Model are likely to be remembered and studied,	,	PUNCT	according	VERB	 according
In 1971 a further White Paper entitled Local Government in England: Government Proposals for Reorganisation (Cmnd 4584), which ultimately led to the 1974 re organisation saw a great deal of Redcliffe Maud's recommendations discontinued. The Local Government in England: Government Proposals for Reorganisation	Reorganisation	PROPN	(	PUNCT	 (
Eurogamer's Dan Whitehead compared the game's aesthetics to Pacific Rim and District 9. Reviewers thought Titanfall was a successful evolution of the genre, with GameSpot's Chris Watters calling it " a great leap forward for shooters " and EGM's Chris Holzworth declaring the game	game	NOUN	"	PUNCT	 "
His first revue, Success; or, a hit if you like it, was produced in 1825. He wrote another seven over the next 30 years, a peak of four in the years 1853 – 1855. Planché semi retired from the theatre in 1852 and	and	CCONJ	went	VERB	 went
Championship leader Hamilton, who had led for most of the race, moved from first into third place following a " pit stop misjudgement " during a late safety car period, for which his team, Mercedes, later apologised. The renewed McLaren Honda partnership scored its	its	PRON	first	ADJ	 first
The Japanese launched a counter attack as dusk fell, but this was repelled with heavy losses: the Australians had 20 men killed or wounded, while the Japanese left behind 46 killed, as well as a number of machine guns and mortars, as they withdrew from	from	ADP	the	DET	 the
" It Girl " garnered mixed reviews from music critics. Describing it as " a catchy pop song with major hit potential ", Scott Shetler of Pop Crush awarded " It Girl " four and a half out of five stars, writing that " even though Derulo	Derulo	PROPN	's	PART	's
Above the " retainers ' hall ", which was confined to the ground floor, was a room with no fireplace and of unclear purpose. East of the main gatehouse was a two storey building with a basement. The basement was probably used for storage while the	the	DET	above	ADP	 above
William Henry Maude, a partner in the company, occupied the house with his sister in 1871. He died in a carriage accident in the park in 1911. His sister remained at Middleton Lodge after the land had been acquired by the council until her death in	in	ADP	1933	NUM	 1933
Another torpedo passed just ahead of Leipzig, nearly hitting the damaged cruiser. After safely returning to port in Kiel, Leipzig was taken into the Deutsche Werke shipyard for repairs. She was decommissioned while under repair and reclassified as a training ship. To accommodate additional training	training	NOUN	crews	NOUN	 crews
In the 1946 elections, Republicans wrested control of both houses of Congress from the Democrats for the first time since the Great Depression and gained control of the majority of state governments. The power of labor unions had expanded under Roosevelt and the Democrats, and when a	a	DET	1946	NUM	 1946
And my family ’ s in it. " A 15 second preview of the project was released on April 14, 2014, while the final product was premiered through the online retailer Ssense on April 16, 2014. It was the first of several " shoppable "	"	PUNCT	music	NOUN	 music
Unlike in armadillos, the tibia and fibula are not inclined relative to each other, but about parallel. The astragalus, which is known from four examples, is wide and short and contains a uniquely large posteromedial process. Seven metapodials (middle hand or foot bones	bones	NOUN	)	PUNCT	)
The second part of Season 2 brings the announcement of the sex of Robyn and Kody's baby and the Browns ' struggle to adjust to life in Las Vegas. The episodes following the Season 2 hiatus focus largely on Robyn's pregnancy and the kids ' adjustment to	to	ADP	their	PRON	 their
Adopting techniques that had been established during World War II, they worked 60 hours per week, running 5 miles (8.0 km) each day and frequently undertaking 20 mile (32 km) speed marches. The troops also all shaved their hair into mohawks, under	under	ADP	orders	NOUN	 orders
Television Infrared Observation Satellite (TIROS) indicated an area of disturbed weather with a weak surface circulation in the vicinity of Cape Verde on July 25. Reports from a reconnaissance aircraft indicate that a tropical depression developed at 06: 00 UTC on July 28, while located	located	VERB	about	ADP	 about
The distinctive claw, on the second digit of dromaeosaurids, has traditionally been depicted as a slashing weapon; its assumed use being to cut and disembowel prey. In the " Fighting Dinosaurs " specimen, the Velociraptor lies underneath, with one of its sickle claws apparently	apparently	ADV	embedded	VERB	 embedded
For Lexie's sake, Grey agrees to donate part of her liver to him. Thereafter, she discovers she is pregnant soon before a hospital shooting, endangering Shepherd. In the midst of the crisis, Grey miscarries the baby. She learns that she has a	a	DET	"	PUNCT	 "
A disastrous run of form followed, which was dragging Hibs into a relegation battle by the time he was sacked in February 2002. Sauzée had been manager for just 69 days. Kilmarnock manager Bobby Williamson was then hired, but he proved to be unpopular with Hibs	Hibs	PROPN	supporters	NOUN	 supporters
Douglas's political enemies supported Breckinridge, and Buchanan reluctantly dispensed patronage to Breckinridge allies, further alienating Douglas. After Breckinridge left open the possibility of supporting a federal slave code in 1859, Douglas wrote to Robert Toombs that he would support his enemy and fellow Georgian Alexander	Alexander	PROPN	H.	PROPN	 H.
In the diffused lighting camouflage project, the Royal Canadian Navy experimented with variable counter illumination camouflage to match horizon light levels and minimize ships ' silhouettes during prolonged arctic twilight. During the experiments, one side of the test ship was faintly illuminated by projectors mounted outboard.	.	PUNCT	Results	NOUN	 Results
Along with six captured motorboats and ten auxiliary vessels, they made up the riverine police force of the Croatian state. Sava was part of the 1st Patrol Group of the River Flotilla Command, headquartered at Zemun. Her crew scuttled her near Slavonski Brod on the night	night	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
The Doctor and his friends learn that the Thals and Mutos have prepared to detonate explosives to seal the Daleks inside the bunker and there is little time to escape. While Sarah and Harry get out, the Doctor returns to destroy the Dalek incubation chamber with a Dalek	Dalek	PROPN	inadvertently	ADV	 inadvertently
The mouse breeds throughout the year, and raises its two or three young per litter in the nesting chambers and passages it constructs in the burrow of the gopher tortoise (Gopherus polyphemus). Real estate development and a decline in the gopher tortoise population threaten the mouse	mouse	NOUN	's	PART	's
" In May 2010, it was reported that Sarsgaard will star in Chekhov's play Three Sisters. The production is scheduled to begin in 2011, and Sarsgaard will reunited with Uncle Vanya director Austin Pendleton. In an interview with the New York Times, Sarsgaard stated	stated	VERB	that	SCONJ	 that
In 1984 Cadw was formed as the historic environment service of the Welsh Government and took over the management of the four sites, operating them as tourist attractions. In 2007, over 530,000 visits were made to the sites. In the late 20th and early 21st centuries	centuries	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
St Vincent sent him on to Toulon with a small force to reconnoitre French activities. Nelson passed through the Straits of Gibraltar and took up position off Toulon by 17 May, but his squadron was dispersed and blown southwards by a strong gale that struck the area on	on	ADP	20	NUM	 20
The Carnegie Endowment for International Peace held its National Conference on International Problems and Relations at the Briarcliff Lodge from May 10 – 14, 1926. In 1923, a year before Walter Law's death, the Law family leased the lodge to Chauncey Depew Steele for 20	20	NUM	years	NOUN	 years
In addition to his restaurants, Parker held the French food concession for the World's Fair. He invited Sarria to join him at the 1964 New York World's Fair. While working at the Fair, Sarria learned that his longtime companion, Jimmy Moore, had	had	AUX	died	VERB	 died
In microeconomics, the PPF shows the options open to an individual, household, or firm in a two good world. By definition, each point on the curve is productively efficient, but, given the nature of market demand, some points will be more profitable	profitable	ADJ	than	ADP	 than
Certain enemies must be disarmed in specific ways before they can be neutralized in combat: enemies with stun batons can only be attacked from behind; enemies with shields require aerial attacks to disarm; and enemies wearing body armor must be stunned with rapid successive strikes before they	they	PRON	can	AUX	 can
Hay and Nicolay divided their responsibilities: Nicolay tending to assist Lincoln in his office and in meetings, while Hay dealt with the correspondence, which was very large. Both men tried to shield Lincoln from office seekers and others who wanted to meet with the President.	.	PUNCT	Unlike	ADP	 Unlike
Alex George then began preparing a formal description of the species. During his research, he discovered that Nelson's Toolinna Cove specimen was also referable to the undescribed species. In the absence of any genuine B. media specimens from Toolinna Cova, George inferred that only B.	B.	PROPN	epica	PROPN	 epica
Supporting the Sloo interests was not part of the instructions. The Mexican government was going through political and financial turmoil. In the process, Santa Anna had been returned to power about the same time that Pierce was inaugurated. Santa Anna was willing to deal because he	he	PRON	needed	VERB	 needed
The 61 districts oversee " all the ecclesial and sacerdotal activities " within their jurisdiction, which includes recommending ministers for national credentialing and mediating disputes within local congregations. There are two types of districts. Geographical districts serve areas corresponding to state boundaries, while non geographical language	language	NOUN	or	CCONJ	 or
The soundtrack for the film is composed by Rahul Ranade and music director duo Ajit Parab and Sameer Mhatre, popularly known as Ajit Sameer. Poet Actor Kishor Kadam (" Saumitra ") and Mitali Joshi have written the lyrics for the songs. Being a period film	film	NOUN	set	VERB	 set
The band played arranged rock versions of Uematsu's Final Fantasy compositions. He has since performed with Earthbound Papas, which he formed in 2011 as the successor to The Black Mages. Uematsu was born in Kōchi, Kōchi Prefecture, Japan. A self taught musician,	,	PUNCT	he	PRON	 he
The series follows the adventures and endeavors of the title character and his various friends in the underwater city of Bikini Bottom. In this episode, Gary, SpongeBob's meowing sea snail, runs away from home after feeling neglected by an angry SpongeBob and is adopted by	by	ADP	a	DET	 a
By 1985, construction was underway for the four lane divided bypass of Denton between MD 404 west of Denton and MD 313 north of Denton. In 1987, MD 313 and MD 404 were rerouted to bypass Denton along the newly completed four lane divided bypass. The	The	DET	former	ADJ	 former
Grant has proclaimed in interviews that he does not listen to external views on his career: " They've known for years that I have total control. I've never taken any advice on anything. " In 1996, Grant won substantial damages from News (UK	UK	PROPN	)	PUNCT	)
In this episode, Mulder investigates a small town plagued by deaths in which the bodies are found covered in cockroaches. Working from home, Scully has scientific explanations for all of them, but Mulder — at the crime scene with an attractive bug expert — suspects the	the	DET	insects	NOUN	 insects
" The Long and Winding Road " became a staple of McCartney's post Beatles concert repertoire. On the 1976 Wings Over the World Tour, where it was one of the few Beatles songs played, it was performed on piano in a sparse arrangement using a horn	horn	NOUN	section	NOUN	 section
No errors were allowed in transcription. All of the text messages were in the native language of the participants, but had the same number of characters in order to ensure fairness. Additionally, all participants had to use the LG enV3, LG BL20 or LG GW520	GW520	NOUN	Ha	PROPN	 Ha
The crowd was stated in varying press accounts to be either 15,000, or 20,000. Noting that the game was played in the same building " in which five months ago W. J. Bryan was nominated for the presidency, " the press proclaimed the experiment in indoor football	football	NOUN	to	PART	 to
During the return trip to Earth, Mattingly performed a one hour spacewalk to retrieve several film cassettes from the exterior of the Service Module. Apollo 16's landing spot in the highlands was chosen to allow the astronauts to gather geologically older lunar material than the samples obtained	obtained	VERB	in	ADP	 in
At the end of the season's first month, the team's offensive leaders were Utley (.355 batting average), Howard (five home runs), Byrd (17 RBIs) and Revere (10 stolen bases). Pitching leaders were Lee and Antonio Bastardo	Bastardo	PROPN	(	PUNCT	 (
By 1955, the Brea Canyon Freeway was proposed to begin at the Santa Ana Freeway (I 5) near La Veta Avenue in Santa Ana and head north, paralleling Routes 180 and 19 to Pomona. The portion northeast of Diamond Bar into Pomona soon became part	part	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
As a freshman, Manning began the season as the third string quarterback. In the season opener against UCLA, Manning was one of three quarterbacks to come off the bench after starter Jerry Colquitt suffered a season ending injury on the seventh play of the game. However	However	ADV	,	PUNCT	,
She teased in a post on Instagram saying that the video would have many " surprise " guests. A number of people were tagged in the Instagram post, including singers Beyoncé, Katy Perry, Miley Cyrus, and Rita Ora, as well as Minaj and Diplo	Diplo	PROPN	.	PUNCT	.
The film's title was derived from the Shaivite saint Tirumular's poem Tirumantiram. In June 2002, Priyadarshan opted out of the project. Regarding the director's exit, Haasan said Priyadarshan wanted to collaborate with the director on a bigger project than Anbe Sivam. He	He	PRON	was	AUX	 was
Wind gradient can have a noticeable effect on ground launches, also known as winch launches or wire launches. If the wind gradient is significant or sudden, or both, and the pilot maintains the same pitch attitude, the indicated airspeed will increase, possibly exceeding the	the	DET	maximum	ADJ	 maximum
The height of the building itself is 36 metres (118 ft), and the light is 102.6 metres (337 ft) above sea level, making it the highest coastal light on the Baltic Sea. Kõpu Lighthouse has the shape of a square prism, with	with	ADP	massive	ADJ	 massive
Eight minutes later Spee turned again to the east to give battle. This time his strategy was to close the range on the British ships so he could bring his 15 cm (5.9 in) secondary armament into play. In this he was successful and they were	were	AUX	able	ADJ	 able
The variety of objects found alongside the track suggest that it was in daily use as part of the farming life of the community. Since its discovery, it has been determined that parts of the Sweet Track were built along the route of an even earlier track,	,	PUNCT	the	DET	 the
The acronym serpin was originally coined because the first serpins to be identified act on chymotrypsin like serine proteases (serine protease inhibitors). They are notable for their unusual mechanism of action, in which they irreversibly inhibit their target protease by undergoing a large conformational change to	to	PART	disrupt	VERB	 disrupt
One of the guards comments: " I told you she didn't have a dick ", referring to the rumors that Gaga is intersex. For the video's first three minutes, it shows Gaga's activities in the prison — including kissing a lesbian prisoner (	(	PUNCT	Heather	PROPN	Heather
" The 19th century poet Dante Gabriel Rossetti emphasised the benefits of Smart's madness and claimed that A Song to David was " the only great accomplished poem of the last century. " Two years later, Francis Palgrave continued the theme when he wrote that the Song	Song	PROPN	exhibited	VERB	 exhibited
According to Leo VI (Tactica, XIX.52), a crescent formation seems to have been the norm, with the flagship in the centre and the heavier ships at the horns of the formation, in order to turn the enemy's flanks. A range of variants	variants	NOUN	and	CCONJ	 and
In 1870, during Sarmiento's presidency, total debt amounted to 48 million gold pesos. A year later, it had almost doubled. Avellaneda became president after winning the 1874 presidential election. The coalition that supported his candidature became the Partido Autonomista Nacional, Argentina's	's	PART	first	ADJ	 first
On 7 December 1992 David Bowen and Mark Azzopardi escaped from the prison van transferring them from HM Prison Hull to the court. Azzopardi was recaptured, before escaping from the court on 17 February 1993 along with five of the other defendants. At the conclusion of the	the	DET	trial	NOUN	 trial
Eventually, Gunslinger was released to mixed reviews, and, in 1993, was featured in a fifth season episode of the movie mocking comedy television series Mystery Science Theater 3000. After her husband Scott (William Schallert), the marshal of Oracle, Texas, is	is	AUX	killed	VERB	 killed
Barbados has produced few internationally popular musicians, with worldwide pop superstar Rihanna being the most famous. It has however created a well developed local scene playing imported styles like American jazz and calypso, as well as the indigenous spouge style. Calypso was the first popular music	music	NOUN	in	ADP	 in
The Oxford coach Christine Wilson noted that " today the crews pushed each other to know the course and to take risks when a racing opportunity presents itself ". The two boats in the Cambridge University Women's Boat Club (CUWBC) trials were denoted as Rise and	and	CCONJ	Grind	PROPN	 Grind
Don Soto later recollects how he and his family took the young man in and made him part of their family, practically adopting him while he was enrolled in Soto's wrestling school and later as he worked on the local wrestling circuit. Palomeque made his professional wrestling	wrestling	NOUN	debut	NOUN	 debut
In spite of good critical reception, the film did not perform very well at the box office, with only about 35,000 tickets sold domestically. Hamer expressed some disappointment with this, while hoping that the DVD release would fare better. Internationally, the film did somewhat	somewhat	ADV	better	ADV	 better
DeChow had just counterattacked through the rear areas of the 24th Infantry to the vicinity of Haman. K and B Companies of the 24th Infantry were to follow him and secure the crest if he regained it. From September 7 – 9, the 3rd Battalion counterattacked up	up	ADP	Battle	PROPN	 Battle
Beloso, director of the Spanish Credit Bank in Madrid, was the owner of Coto de San Bernardo in Óvila, which included expansive irrigated grain fields and forests surrounding the monastery. Arthur Byne, an art agent living in Madrid, whose biggest client was American newspaper	newspaper	NOUN	magnate	NOUN	 magnate
On 18 July, the Eighth Army commander, Lieutenant General Walton Walker, ordered General Dean to hold Taejon until the 20th so that the 1st Cavalry Division and 25th Infantry Division could establish defensive lines along the Naktong River, forming the Pusan Perimeter. As the North	North	ADJ	Korean	ADJ	 Korean
Chopin's harmonic innovations may have arisen partly from his keyboard improvisation technique. Temperley says that in his works " novel harmonic effects frequently result from the combination of ordinary appoggiaturas or passing notes with melodic figures of accompaniment ", and cadences are delayed by the use of	of	ADP	chords	NOUN	 chords
This expansion provoked repeated protests from Spain. Spain's push to regain sovereignty over Gibraltar was fuelled by the decolonisation agenda of the United Nations, which had been initiated in 1946. In that year, Britain had listed Gibraltar among other " Overseas Dependent Territories " in	in	ADP	conjunction	NOUN	 conjunction
He served as Chief of the Air Staff, the RAAF's highest ranking position, from 1957 until 1961, and as Chairman of the Chiefs of Staff Committee, forerunner of the role of Australia's Chief of the Defence Force, from 1961 until 1966. He	He	PRON	was	AUX	 was
After a period of dormancy, they reactivate and produce merozoites. Hypnozoites are responsible for long incubation and late relapses in P. vivax infections, although their existence in P. ovale is uncertain. The parasite is relatively protected from attack by the body's immune system because for	for	ADP	most	ADJ	 most
Caen, a major objective, was still in German hands at the end of D Day and would not be completely captured until 21 July. Nearly 160,000 troops crossed the English Channel on 6 June, and more than two million Allied troops were in France by the	the	DET	end	NOUN	 end
Wisden judged his slow and loopy leg spin " a clever mixture of leg breaks and googlies ". However, when India toured Australia for the first time in 1947 – 48, McCool played in three Tests without much success, scoring only 46 runs and taking only	only	ADV	four	NUM	 four
Harris posted a 28 points as Michigan rallied from a two point halftime deficit to win by 20 against Penn State. Although Michigan confused Connecticut with a 2 – 3 zone defense instead of its normal 1 – 3 – 1 zone, which forced 10 first half turnovers	turnovers	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
As mentioned above, the result of the " disruption of the power process " is the primary cause of various maladies in society (e.g., crime, depression, etc.). Kaczynski maintains that rather than recognizing that humans currently live in " conditions that make	make	VERB	them	PRON	 them
More Italianate structures are on the 400 block, but its most important structure is the 1907 Citizens National Bank Building, which is stone Classical Revival with large eagles for adornment. The block also holds the regional office for the local Boy Scouts of America council. Warder	Warder	PROPN	Park	PROPN	 Park
Field Marshal Hugh Rose, 1st Baron Strathnairn, son of Sir George Henry Rose spent time living at the family home. Sir Donald Bailey, a civil engineer, developed the Bailey bridge while he worked in Christchurch during the Second World War. Bailey lived in Christchurch	Christchurch	PROPN	after	SCONJ	 after
Also in 1917, the American Horse Shows Association, now the United States Equestrian Federation, formed and began to standardize show formats and rules. In 1957, the American Saddlebred Pleasure Horse Association was formed to regulate English pleasure classes. Today, the most prestigious award	award	NOUN	in	ADP	 in
Cortana is hampered by her advanced state of rampancy, a state where an AI literally thinks itself to death. Cortana's rampancy hampers the mission at times, but Cortana aids the Master Chief one last time in stopping the Didact and saving the Earth. Though most	most	ADJ	of	ADP	 of
Sometimes, banded sugar ant colonies form small mounds, which are less than 20 cm (8 in) in diameter and usually funnel shaped and ephemeral. Mounds are not constructed in undisturbed regions where land degradation has not occurred. Instead, the entrance of a nest	nest	NOUN	consists	VERB	 consists
He eventually selected a voice similar to that of Paul Winchell's from the cartoon. Azaria disliked the cartoon when it first aired, and considered Gargamel too one dimensional a character and " just this straight villain "; he opted to make Gargamel " more sarcastic "	"	PUNCT	than	ADP	 than
During its operational life two of the Cabinet War Rooms were of particular importance. Once operational, the facility's Map Room was in constant use and manned around the clock by officers of the Royal Navy, British army and Royal Air Force. These officers were responsible	responsible	ADJ	for	ADP	 for
Wilberforce was heartbroken to be separated from his aunt and uncle. His family opposed a return to Hull Grammar School because the headmaster had become a Methodist; Wilberforce therefore continued his education at nearby Pocklington School from 1771 to 1776. Influenced by Methodist scruples, he initially	initially	ADV	resisted	VERB	 resisted
A Certificate of Freedom would only be granted at the end of a sentence. Misbehaviour would result in demotion through these levels of work, including returning to convict status within the prison. Re offenders and captured escapees, after corporal punishment and time in solitary confinement,	,	PUNCT	would	AUX	 would
The NTSB were unable to determine how much ice had built up on the wings following the second deicing, but considered it to be highly likely that " some contamination occurred in the 35 minutes following the second deicing and that this accumulation led to this accident. "	"	PUNCT	"	PUNCT	 "
Two days later, Chunuk Bair, now held by British units, was lost to the Turks. With the battalion out of the line, a memorial service for Malone was held on 21 August. The service was attended by nearly all of the surviving men of	of	ADP	the	DET	 the
In 1999 the CEO of British Airways, Bob Ayling, announced that all BA planes would adopt the tailfin design originally intended to be used only on the Concorde, based on the Union Flag. British Airways ' tiered loyalty programme, called the Executive Club, includes	includes	VERB	access	NOUN	 access
The romance event tree in 2 was written by Patrick Weekes. Mass Effect 2 lead writer Mac Walters commented that " [t] he choice should be in ' who ' you romance, not so much ' how ' ", with each of the characters having	having	VERB	different	ADJ	 different
Switzerland will buy 5.5 billion cubic meters of Iranian natural gas each year, beginning in 2011. In April 2007, OMV, the Austrian partially state owned energy company, signed letters of intent with Iran, worth an estimated $22.8 billion (22 billion euros)	)	PUNCT	,	PUNCT	,
Among those 32 main generators, 14 are installed in the north side of the dam, 12 in the south side, and the remaining six in the underground power plant in the mountain south of the dam. The expected annual electricity generation will be over 100 TWh	TWh	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
The 1,351 ton British merchant vessel Darino went to the bottom on the 19th. The last enemy vessel to be sunk by U 41 was the French vessel Les Barges II. She displaced a total of 296 tons and was sunk by a single torpedo on 21 November	November	PROPN	.	PUNCT	.
" Lauren Le Vine of Refinery29 appreciated the success of the family which " achieved the American dream of making something out of nothing, " using the given platform. Libby Hill of The A.V. Club also acknowledged the show's success and said: " Keeping Up With	With	ADP	The	DET	 The
In the end, Alicia killed 22 people and caused $2 billion (1983 US $) in damage ($4.1 billion, 2007 USD). Hurricane Barry originated from a tropical disturbance that left the Northwestern African coast on August 13. Most of the season	season	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
Casamassina stated that tennis was one of the more enjoyable games, but the lack of movement control was a detractor. GameTrailers called baseball the most " worthless " because of the luck factor associated with the computer controlled fielding. They called boxing the best workout on Wii	Wii	PROPN	Sports	PROPN	 Sports
The castle complex continued to thrive, however, and on Thomas ' death in 1338 the castle passed first to his widow, Mary, and then in 1362 into the Ufford family. William de Ufford, the Earl of Suffolk, held the castle during the Peasants	Peasants	PROPN	'	PART	 '
In the weeks and months after the passage of Sudal, water temperatures around Yap decreased from 30° C (86° F) to 24° C (75° F), due to significant upwelling. The drastic decrease caused unusual amounts of fog over the	the	DET	island	NOUN	 island
The first issue was released November 26, 2002, with a January 2003 cover date. It premiered with five series: Dragon Ball Z, Sand Land, Yu Gi Oh!, YuYu Hakusho, and One Piece. With the launch of the magazine considered successful	successful	ADJ	,	PUNCT	,
In 1918 Boult conducted the London Symphony Orchestra in a series of concerts that included important recent British works. Among them was the première of a revised version of Vaughan Williams's A London Symphony, a performance which was " rather spoilt by a Zeppelin raid ".	.	PUNCT	His	PRON	 His
Following his retirement, Killebrew was a television broadcaster for the Twins at WTCN TV from 1976 to 1978, the Oakland Athletics from 1979 to 1982, the California Angels in 1983 and back with Minnesota from 1984 to 1988. While with Oakland, he also served as	as	ADP	a	DET	 a
The leaders of the National Political Union ignored this proclamation, but leaders of the influential Birmingham branch decided to co operate with the government by discouraging activities on a national level. After the Reform Bill was rejected in the Lords, the House of Commons immediately passed a	a	DET	motion	NOUN	 motion
" Erin Martell from TV Squad picked the Others as one of her season three highlights, partly due to the development of Ben, adding " I can not even picture the final three seasons without Ben ". Martell also gave six reasons to look forward to season	season	NOUN	four	NUM	 four
Another Danish club, Aalborg, awaited in the next round. Both matches finished 2 – 0 to the home side, and the tie was decided by a penalty shootout, which Manchester City won. City then faced Hamburger SV, in their first European quarter final	final	ADJ	since	SCONJ	 since
Despite the dominance of agriculture, there was a growing service industry; Sale and Ashton upon Mersey experienced a growth in numbers employed in retail and domestic services in the first half of the 19th century. By 1901, less than 20% of Sale residents were employed	employed	VERB	in	ADP	 in
Meyer played 105 games in 1976 for the Tigers. On the year, he batted.252 with 37 runs scored, 74 hits, eight doubles, four triples, two home runs, 16 RBIs, and 10 stolen bases. His batting average was the highest it would	would	AUX	ever	ADV	 ever
It moved to the south, and was last monitored on June 15. A tropical disturbance is named when it reaches moderate tropical storm strength. If a tropical disturbance reaches moderate tropical storm status west of 55° E, then the Sub regional Tropical Cyclone Advisory Centre	Centre	PROPN	in	ADP	 in
At nearby Krumbach, where the Austrians also had the superiority of position and force, the 1st Demi brigade took the village and the heights around it, which gave them a commanding aspect over Messkirch. Subsequently, Kray withdrew his forces to Sigmaringen, followed closely by	by	ADP	the	DET	 the
The rest of the houses got indoor plumbing, new basements, improved woodwork and porches added on. Additionally, a pedestrian mall was built down the center of Milwaukee Avenue to replace a one way street. The Avenue is now bike and pedestrian friendly, and cars	cars	NOUN	are	AUX	 are
It is a bit unsettling, particularly when Jackson spits out this line: ' Who gave you the right to shake my family tree? ' ". Tom Sinclair of Entertainment Weekly, also highlighted those particular lyrics, speculating that " armchair psychologists will have a field	field	NOUN	day	NOUN	 day
" Capital's switchboard was jammed with callers wanting to know when the song was going to be released – on one occasion Everett aired the song 36 times in one day. During the 1970s, their friendship became closer, with Everett becoming advisor and mentor to Mercury	Mercury	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
In 1979, Bernard Pomerance's play about Merrick called The Elephant Man debuted, and David Lynch's film, also called The Elephant Man, was released the following year. In late 2014 and early 2015, Bradley Cooper starred in a Broadway revival of The Elephant	Elephant	PROPN	Man	PROPN	 Man
The inscriptions in temple from the Vijayanagara kings indicate emphasis on administrative matters and local concerns, which contrasts the inscriptions of the same rulers in other temples like Tirupathi. The majority of the gift related inscriptions are for land endownments, followed by goods, cash endowments,	,	PUNCT	cows	NOUN	 cows
He performed sociological field research in Philadelphia's African American neighborhoods, which formed the foundation for his landmark study, The Philadelphia Negro, published in 1899 while he was teaching at Atlanta University. It was the first case study of a black community in the United States	States	PROPN	.	PUNCT	.
This meeting prompted him to stay for two weeks in Dresden, when he had previously intended to return to Paris via Leipzig. The sixteen year old girl's portrait of the composer is considered, along with Delacroix's, as among Chopin's best likenesses. In	In	ADP	October	PROPN	 October
Snowball, also known as Snowball I, was the Simpsons ' first cat. She was first mentioned in the series premiere in a Christmas letter Marge is writing where she explains that Snowball had died that year and went to " kitty heaven ". Snowball was named	named	VERB	due	ADP	 due
The Blue Line included the Flers trench network. The final objective was the Grove Alley trench complex, designated Red Line. The attack was to be preceded by a three day preparatory bombardment and the division was also to be supported by tanks, which were being used	used	VERB	for	ADP	 for
The National Park Service was required to build their own access road for the Pictured Rocks National Lakeshore in the initial legislation that created the park. This requirement was rescinded by the United States Congress in 1998, and the park service was authorized to fund improvements to H	H	PROPN	58	NUM	 58
These designs were carried over to the following New Orleans class, of which several Portland cruisers were converted to mid construction. Portland served in a large number of engagements including the Battle of Coral Sea, the Battle of Midway and the Guadalcanal Campaign, where she was	was	AUX	severely	ADV	 severely
The route continues on, meeting the Southern Tier Expressway (STE) at exit 46. The composition of the exit's ramps is unorthodox in that the westbound on ramp for I 86 and NY 17 is about 0.25 miles (0.40 km) north of the remainder	remainder	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
He often wears loud shirts, and his various schemes have included marketing defective half ping pong balls (as ' pings '), exam revision kits and soda that leaves facial stains. Rosie Marcel and Claire Hearnden appear throughout the second series as Sophie and Laura,	,	PUNCT	Colin	PROPN	 Colin
You see the fear. " Gilsig commented that viewers had been wondering why Will was taking so long to discover Terri was not actually pregnant, explaining: " I think people have been asking ' How slow is this guy?! '. But [in "	"	PUNCT	Mattress	PROPN	 Mattress
They are due to copper deposition in Descemet's membrane. They do not occur in all people with Wilson's disease. Wilson's disease is also associated with sunflower cataracts exhibited by brown or green pigmentation of the anterior and posterior lens capsule. Neither cause significant visual	visual	ADJ	loss	NOUN	 loss
In Luke, Mary and the other women meet two angels, and the eleven disciples do not believe their story (Luke 25: 1 – 12). Jesus appears that same day to his disciples in Jerusalem (Luke 24: 13 – 43). Although	Although	SCONJ	he	PRON	 he
Hoffman's childhood passion was sports, particularly wrestling and baseball, but at age 12 he saw a stage production of Arthur Miller's All My Sons and was transfixed. He recalled in 2008, " I was changed – permanently changed – by that experience. It	It	PRON	was	AUX	 was
She then returned to Talcahuano to complete her repairs. On 4 September, she departed and steamed down to Punta Arenas, where she stayed from 2 to 15 December. Falke then crossed back to the Atlantic and steamed up to Montevideo in January 1907; there,	,	PUNCT	she	PRON	 she
Student present to the faculty of their major department twice a year in a " proficiency review " to assess their progress. It is a learning experience for younger students, but students in grades 7 – 12 who fail to attain a passing rating are placed on probation	probation	NOUN	and	CCONJ	 and
Several of Harvey Milk's friends monitored and attempted to hold back the crowd, including former lover Scott Smith. A formation of police appeared on the north side of the Civic Center Plaza, and those attempting to hold back the mob sat down, grateful for the	the	DET	reinforcements	NOUN	 reinforcements
In the four years preceding the exhumation, Croatian authorities collected ante mortem information on presumed victims, built a modern morgue at the School of Medicine and trained geneticists in DNA analysis to allow for the identification of those who could not be identified by ICTY investigators using traditional	traditional	ADJ	methods	NOUN	 methods
The album's lead single, " Dip It Low ", became Milian's most successful to date; peaking at number two on the UK Singles Chart and number five on the US Billboard Hot 100 chart; it eventually went gold. The second single " Whatever	Whatever	PRON	U	NOUN	 U
On the funeral evening, a scheduled performance of The Bartered Bride at the National Theatre was allowed to proceed, the stage draped with black cloth as a mark of respect. Smetana was survived by Bettina, their daughters Zdeňka and Božena, and by Žofie. None	None	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
And this is an effort to kind of calm that effect, and to bring some neutrality and some quality back to these articles. " Wikipedia media contact, Dan Rosenthal, stated to ABC News, " Scientology is up there among the most controversial on Wikipedia.	.	PUNCT	You	PRON	 You
U 2 was commissioned in June 1911 and served as a training boat for the Austro Hungarian Navy through 1914. At the beginning of World War I, U 2 was not operational because she was in drydock awaiting replacement diesel engines. With her new engines and a	a	DET	new	ADJ	 new
The honey fungus Armillaria luteobubalina has killed plants in Torndirrup National Park, and aerial canker (Zythiostroma) has decimated populations at Waychinicup National Park east of Albany. B. verticillata plants are generally killed by fire and regenerate from seed. A field study after a mild fire	fire	NOUN	in	ADP	 in
Surrounding this arch is a molding that forms a rectangular outer frame. This is the first mihrab in Egypt to have this type of frame. Built in 1483 with two octagonal and one cylindrical shafts, the Minaret of Qaytbay also has three balconies, supported by muqarnas	muqarnas	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
In a scene in the episode, Homer and Bart exit the Magic Palace's gift shop, only to end up in another gift shop. The scene was based on an experience of the episode's show runner Mike Scully, who, in order to exit the	the	DET	Lance	PROPN	 Lance
Some of the scenes are simply hilarious. " In his 2013 book, Bollywood Nation: India through Its Cinema, Vamsee Juluri wrote, " Maya Bazar's appeal is of course as much in its story as in its stars. But the performances and the beautiful	beautiful	ADJ	songs	NOUN	 songs
Slipknot is considered to be heavy metal, nu metal and alternative metal, and expresses moods such as depression, hostility, anger, misanthropy, and rebellion. Stone Sour is classified as alternative metal, expressing moods of bleakness and somberness as well as anger and rebellion	rebellion	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
Another memorial was built at his birthplace in Niles under the auspices of the National McKinley Birthplace Memorial Association (the Association). Designed by the firm of McKim, Mead, and White, the Greek Classic memorial was built of Georgia marble and was dedicated in 1917	1917	NUM	.	PUNCT	.
The schooner rig was intended to provid an auxiliary method of propulsion if the ship's engines broke down; by the time Giovanni Bausan entered service in the mid 1880s, marine steam engines had become reliable enough that auxiliary sails were no longer necessary, and hers were	were	AUX	later	ADV	 later
They were approved by Director Roberts on July 1. This did not put an end to the wrangles over what should be on the coin: the commission wished to have the coins dated 1900, but have them to sell as early as possible in 1899. Secretary	Secretary	PROPN	of	ADP	 of
The capsid is made of many smaller, identical protein molecules which are called capsomers. The arrangement of the capsomers can either be icosahedral (20 sided), helical or more complex. There is an inner shell around the DNA or RNA called the nucleocapsid, which	which	PRON	is	AUX	 is
This offensive had limited tank support and was directed against extensive Soviet defenses. After meeting determined resistance from the Soviet 1st Guards Motorized Rifle Division and flank counterattacks staged by the 33rd Army, the German offensive stalled and was driven back four days later in the ensuing Soviet	Soviet	ADJ	counteroffensive	NOUN	 counteroffensive
Oxford initially had just two Blues available to them in the Oxford University Boat Club president F. O. Wethered and Hector McLean, yet the latter's brother Douglas was persuaded to return for his fifth Boat Race appearance, three weeks before the race following his return from India	India	PROPN	.	PUNCT	.
Other South Slavic peoples have similar traditions, and the custom that a family brings a log into the house and burns it on Christmas Eve has also been recorded in other parts of Europe. Traditionally, the badnjak ceremony begins on Christmas Eve, but there are many	many	ADJ	regional	ADJ	 regional
A Nashville newspaper declared its support for him as early as 1846. A Democratic senator from Rhode Island opined that Crittenden could win support from a sizable number of Democrats in addition to the support of his own party. George B. Kinkead desired to have the Kentucky General	General	PROPN	Assembly	PROPN	 Assembly
The port is the closest marine terminal to the fields, at a distance of 240 kilometres (150 mi). It is also approximately 80 kilometres (50 mi) west of the Great Circle Route, a major shipping lane between North America and Europe. The	The	DET	docking	NOUN	 docking
When Egbert died in 839, Æthelwulf succeeded him; the southeastern kingdoms were finally absorbed into the kingdom of Wessex after Æthelwulf's death in 858. Historians do not agree on Egbert's ancestry. The earliest version of the Anglo Saxon Chronicle, the Parker Chronicle,	,	PUNCT	begins	VERB	 begins
That's part of the whole fabric of how a city is bound together. " According to Nolan, an important theme of the sequel is " escalation, " extending the ending of Batman Begins, noting " things having to get worse before they get better.	.	PUNCT	"	PUNCT	 "
This ruling came after Webber served 330 hours of public service and accumulated $78,000 of related out of pocket expenses. The Michigan High School Athletic Association (MHSAA), following the release of court testimony, requested that Webber's high school, Detroit Country Day (	(	PUNCT	DCD	PROPN	DCD
Journalist Henry Aubin in the Montreal Gazette opined that the council's rejection of Somerville, her personal opposition to same sex marriage, and the acceptance of Brent Hawkes, Jane Rule, and Jean Chrétien, all regarded as supporting same sex unions, as well as the	the	DET	appointment	NOUN	 appointment
Shelley Fralic of The Vancouver Sun called it fascinating and surprising and was impressed with the sensible and articulate way in which the family defended their lifestyle. When the Brown family made an October 2010 appearance on The Oprah Winfrey Show, talk show host Oprah Winfrey said she	she	PRON	found	VERB	 found
The Baroness Lehzen died in Bückeburg on 9 September 1870, where she is buried in Jetenburger cemetery. Queen Victoria ordered the erection of a memorial to her. After Lehzen's death, Queen Victoria spoke of her gratitude for their relationship, but commented " after I	I	PRON	came	VERB	 came
" Lose My Breath " was also successful in different European charts. On the UK Singles Chart, the song debuted at number two on November 13, 2004, a spot which also became its peak position in that country. The single was held from the top	top	NOUN	by	ADP	 by
The 19th century industrial revolution opened up mass markets leading to further expansion of the industry, particularly beginning in 1850 when the duty (tax) on bricks was abolished. Brick and tile works, making use of river transport, were opened in the 1840s and 1850s	1850s	NOUN	south	ADV	 south
In an interview in the January 1962 issue of Harper's, Fischer was quoted as saying, " I read a book lately by Nietzsche and he says religion is just to dull the senses of the people. I agree. " Fischer joined the Worldwide Church of	of	ADP	God	PROPN	 God
Dartmouth students protested by tearing down and burning the rebuilt fence; the town responded by threatening to reopen Main Street on its previous route from the Green's southwest corner across to the northeast. In an effort to quickly replace the fence and prevent the road from being	being	AUX	reopened	VERB	 reopened
In 1997, there was a controversial change from the use of the former British Airways branding (which incorporated stylised elements of the Union Jack) to a new livery which was intended mainly to reflect the diversity of places served by the airline – so called " World	World	PROPN	Images	PROPN	 Images
There are three general types of low back pain by cause: mechanical back pain (including nonspecific musculoskeletal strains, herniated discs, compressed nerve roots, degenerative discs or joint disease, and broken vertebra), non mechanical back pain (tumors, inflammatory conditions such as	as	ADP	spondyloarthritis	NOUN	 spondyloarthritis
During the fight, Lois picks up a Legion ring that falls out of Clark's desk and is instantly transported to another time and place. In season nine, Lois returns from the future suffering from visions of Earth having been overrun by aliens, led by Zod	Zod	PROPN	(	PUNCT	 (
In exchange for his testimony, Javier requests electricity in his neighborhood so the kids can play baseball at night rather than be tempted by street gangs and crime. Salazar's secrets are revealed to the public and he is arrested and is seen suffering probable torture in prison	prison	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
The modern English alphabet contains 26 letters of the Latin script: a, b, c, d, e, f, g, h, i, j, k, l, m, n, o, p, q, r, s,	,	PUNCT	t	PROPN	 t
It features text based gameplay with minimal graphics and sound effects, and was scored by composer Yasunori Mitsuda. Unlike many Satellaview titles, Radical Dreamers was not designed to lock after a certain number of playthroughs, so players owning an 8 M Memory Pack onto which the	the	DET	game	NOUN	 game
In 1157, the then Abbot of Battle, Walter de Lucy, brother of Richard de Luci the Chief Justiciar, took the case before King Henry II, at a council held at Colchester. At the council, Walter de Lucy produced William I's foundation charter	charter	NOUN	and	CCONJ	 and
The film stars William Garwood and is the debut of Marguerite Snow. The film focuses on a female seminary which organizes a baseball club and challenges another school to a game. The boys accept to the game with amusement and find that the women are not good at	at	ADP	baseball	NOUN	 baseball
At first, they built the drums and the string parts that of the introduction and verses. Tompkins started playing his keyboard to find sound effects for the introduction, and ended up using one that was a thunderstorm. " I think that's what kind of threw	threw	VERB	us	PRON	 us
Edward, the Black Prince carried out extensive work at Caernarfon after he took over control of the fortification in 1343. At the end of the 14th century, Conwy Castle was involved in the downfall of Richard II. Richard returned from Ireland in August 1399 and took	took	VERB	shelter	NOUN	 shelter
Other episodes were ensemble farces, predominantly including the couple's friends Robert (Paul Raffield) and Tracy (Tracie Bennett). Paul Mark Elliott also appeared as Trevor, Becky's lover. Scheduling problems meant that the show attracted low viewing figures. However, it	it	PRON	scored	VERB	 scored
In Plans and the Structure of Behavior, Miller and his co authors tried to explain through an artificial intelligence computational perspective how animals plan and act. This was a radical break from behaviorism which explained behavior as a set or sequence of stimulus response actions. The authors	authors	NOUN	introduced	VERB	 introduced
The gameplay difficulty was designed to be adjustable to tempt new players to try out the Shin Megami Tensei series, which had gained a reputation for having a high difficulty. Also for the benefit of newer players was a " recommended fusion " feature; it was implemented	implemented	VERB	after	ADP	 after
Several species of butterflies need more sodium than that provided by nectar and are attracted by sodium in salt; they sometimes land on people, attracted by the salt in human sweat. Some butterflies also visit dung, rotting fruit or carcasses to obtain minerals and nutrients.	.	PUNCT	In	ADP	 In
Shaft representative director and president Mitsutoshi Kubota later confirmed in an interview in Newtype that the concept film will launch a new Puella Magi Madoka Magica project. Puella Magi Madoka Magica has received widespread critical acclaim. In his 10 out of 10 review, UK Anime Network's	's	PART	Andy	PROPN	 Andy
The literal meaning of the title can be translated as " Paint me with the colours of spring. " It features an ensemble cast comprising Aamir Khan, Siddharth Narayan, Soha Ali Khan, Kunal Kapoor, R. Madhavan, Sharman Joshi, Atul Kulkarni and British actress	actress	NOUN	Alice	PROPN	 Alice
Over 20 post season games, Glass recorded no points and 18 penalty minutes. Set to become an unrestricted free agent in the off season, Glass expressed a desire to return to the Canucks, but he was not re signed. On July 1, 2011,	,	PUNCT	he	PRON	 he
Bradley Smith has sought other avenues to promote Holocaust denial – with little success. On September 8, 2009, the Harvard Crimson school paper ran a paid ad from Bradley R Smith. It was quickly criticized and an apology was issued from the editor, claiming it	it	PRON	was	AUX	 was
The other three endings are only available in replay games, including " Rebirth ", in which James plans to resurrect Mary using arcane objects collected throughout the game, and two joke endings: " Dog ", where James discovers that a dog has apparently been controlling	controlling	VERB	all	DET	 all
This error was corrected by late 2001. The North Shore Towers complex has a self generating power plant that produces electricity independent of local power companies, which as of December 31, 1996 had a 8.9 megawatt capacity. This was noted during the New York City Blackout	Blackout	PROPN	of	ADP	 of
In October 1897, a brief illness triggered considerations of mortality and " the futility of all human endeavour ", and Crowley abandoned all thoughts of a diplomatic career in favour of pursuing an interest in the occult. In March 1898, he obtained A.E. Waite's The	The	PRON	Book	PROPN	 Book
On February 13, 1990 after being advised by United States Secretary of the Treasury Nicholas F. Brady, the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC), the New York Stock Exchange (NYSE) and the Federal Reserve System, Drexel Burnham Lambert officially filed for Chapter	Chapter	NOUN	11	NUM	 11
Pitcher Tom Browning earned the win for Cincinnati, as the game ended at a score of 8 – 3. The Athletics took a lead in Game 4, as Carney Lansford hit a single that scored Willie McGee from second base. In the eighth inning, however	however	ADV	,	PUNCT	,
The Dragon Quest series features several recurring monsters, including Slimes, Drackies, Skeletons, Shadows, Mummies, Trick Bags, and Dragons. Many monsters in the series were designed by Akira Toriyama. Several Dragon Quest games allow the player to recruit monsters to fight alongside	alongside	ADP	them	PRON	 them
During his second long stay in Germany, from October 1838 to March 1839, he played his Fourth Piano Concerto (Op. 19, in F minor) and the Wood Nymphs Overture, Op. 20. Returning to England, he wrote to his Leipzig publisher	publisher	NOUN	Friedrich	PROPN	 Friedrich
The award was granted posthumously for Cherry's actions during an attack on the French village of Lagnicourt which was strongly defended by German forces. Born in the Australian state of Victoria, Cherry moved to Tasmania at the age of seven when his family took up an apple	apple	NOUN	orchard	NOUN	 orchard
The tower acts as a support structure for an antenna. Originally intended for television broadcasting, radio antennas were installed in 1961, but the tower is now used to broadcast signals for Japanese media outlets such as NHK, TBS and Fuji TV. Japan's planned digital	digital	ADJ	television	NOUN	 television
An exception to this is the northern elephant seal, which feeds on fish at great depths in the open ocean. In addition, walruses feed solitarily but are often near other walruses in small or large groups that may surface and dive in unison. When large schools	schools	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
The former is a cover album mainly focusing on Samuel E. Wright as Sebastian, with Ariel providing supporting vocals, while the latter is a concept album of original songs that depict a day in Ariel's life under the sea. Ariel also appears in Songs and Story	Story	PROPN	:	PUNCT	:
The school " marched " from the old school building to the new and began using it on October 21, 1867. Total costs for the building were $40,000 at occupation with a need for approximately an additional $17,000 to finish and furnish the building. The	The	DET	building	NOUN	 building
The album debuted at number one in 32 countries, and its worldwide hit single, " Beautiful Day ", earned three Grammy Awards. The album's other three singles, " Stuck in a Moment You Can't Get Out Of ", " Elevation " and	and	CCONJ	"	PUNCT	 "
The couple had eloped on Valentine's Day 1913, and married in a civil ceremony in Jersey City, New Jersey. Sinatra weighed 13.5 pounds (6.1 kg) at birth and had to be delivered with the aid of forceps, which caused severe scarring to his	his	PRON	left	ADJ	 left
The episode was part of the network's " Fox Rocks " campaign, in which musical elements were incorporated into various shows in their lineup for a week, a concept that was panned by critics before the episode aired. Nevertheless, " Brown Betty " garnered mostly	mostly	ADV	favorable	ADJ	 favorable
With only a few minutes remaining on the clock, Cardiff won a corner kick and from the cross, and Len Davies tapped the ball into the net to put them ahead. The game finished with the score two goals to one in Cardiff City's favour.	.	PUNCT	Several	ADJ	 Several
A consolidated metropolitan " unicity " government was established on 27 July 1971, taking effect in 1972. The City of Winnipeg Act incorporated the current city. Winnipeg experienced a severe economic downturn in advance of the early 1980s recession, during which the city incurred closures of	of	ADP	prominent	ADJ	 prominent
The group used feedback as part of their guitar sound, both live and in the studio. In 1967, Townshend changed to using Sound City amplifiers, customised by Dave Reeves, then in 1970 to Hiwatt. The group were the first to use a 1000 watt	watt	NOUN	PA	PROPN	 PA
Victory at the Battle of Bannockburn in 1314 proved the Scots had regained control of their kingdom. In 1315, Edward Bruce, brother of the King, was briefly appointed High King of Ireland during an ultimately unsuccessful Scottish invasion of Ireland aimed at strengthening Scotland's position	position	NOUN	in	ADP	 in
He signed for AFC Fylde in February 2012 to work with Dave Challinor again, but was released at the end of the campaign. In August 2012, McEvilly signed for Warrington Town, the fourteenth different club of his career. After being released by Warrington in December	December	PROPN	2012	NUM	 2012
In 1881, a tramway with horse drawn tramcars was opened between Stalybridge and Audenshaw, through Ashton under Lyne. The first tramway of its kind in Tameside, it was later extended to Manchester. The Oldham, Ashton and Hyde Electric Tramway Company, founded in 1899	1899	NUM	,	PUNCT	,
Pilliero also stated that the Crossroads (2002) reference " [i] s a fun Easter egg for fans. Plus, Die Hard 2: Die Harder is the most ridiculously awesome way to title a sequel. It just felt like the right thing to do	do	VERB	.	PUNCT	.
His starts throughout the season were mixed; some were poor or marred by bad luck. He was shelled on May 9 in a 10 – 0 loss against a Detroit Tigers lineup featuring Ty Cobb, Sam Crawford and Jim Delahanty, giving up runs in each of	of	ADP	the	DET	 the
He placed on both voting bodies ' All Conference first teams, and was named to the coaches ' All SEC defensive team. He was the second player (after Anthony Davis) to earn both the SEC Player of the Year and SEC Defensive Player of the Year	Year	PROPN	honors	NOUN	 honors
, pt. II, no. 79a], London: Hakluyt Society, ISBN 978 0 8337 1759 7, OCLC 149869781. Blundeville, Thomas (1594), M. Blundevile His Exercises containing Sixe Treatises, the Titles wherof are Set Down in the Next Printed	Printed	PROPN	Page	PROPN	 Page
The Arabs also began to manufacture silk during this same time. As a result of the spread of sericulture, Chinese silk exports became less important, although they still maintained dominance over the luxury silk market. The Crusades brought silk production to Western Europe, in particular	particular	ADJ	to	ADP	 to
" Anime Classics Zettai!: 100 Must See Japanese Animation Masterpieces praised the character as the best villain of the Pokémon film series, and one of Mewtwo Strikes Back's strongest elements. The Los Angeles Times cited its behavior as a point of humor in relation to	to	ADP	its	PRON	 its
Described as Apogee's president and chief engineer, he said, " digital is finally living up to the warm, natural sound of analogue that we know and love. " A decade later, he warned against the belief that bigger specification numbers guarantee better sound quality	quality	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
Especially praised were the actors ' performances. Padalecki " totally stepped up to the plate and knocked one out of the park ", and Ackles was " nine kinds of awesome ". On the latter, Charles noted, " From acting out Dean's stubborn ways	ways	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
The other two rooms to the left were used to house staff or storage. The first was floor was accessed via the main staircase, situated in the east tower. The first room encountered was the great hall, which rose three floors. To the viewer's	's	PART	immediate	ADJ	 immediate
They are made up of two parallel walls, which include the Petty Western Tower, the remnants of the Black Tower, and a two level casemate, or fortified gun emplacement. The older of the two walls dates back to the beginning of the 12th century and	and	CCONJ	is	AUX	 is
Hundreds of thousands of Republicans fled abroad, with some 500,000 fleeing to France. Refugees were confined in internment camps of the French Third Republic, such as Camp Gurs or Camp Vernet, where 12,000 Republicans were housed in squalid conditions. In his capacity as consul in	in	ADP	Paris	PROPN	 Paris
Wondering why he was there, Stead later used this encounter as " the anchor as she wrote When You Reach Me ". When You Reach Me follows a sixth grade protagonist, Miranda. She lives with her single mother who has a kindhearted boyfriend, Richard.	.	PUNCT	Miranda	PROPN	 Miranda
The duo aimed for a darker and more realistic tone, with humanity and realism being the basis of the film. The film was primarily shot in the United Kingdom and Chicago, and relied on traditional stunts and scale models with minimal use of computer generated imagery.	.	PUNCT	Christian	PROPN	 Christian
The B & O gave up on competing with the Pennsylvania Railroad into New York, discontinuing all passenger service north of Baltimore on April 26, 1958. Thereafter, the Capitol Limited operated between Washington and Chicago as a through train, with a few cars originating in	in	ADP	Baltimore	PROPN	 Baltimore
She made her first title defense on December 11 at Final Resolution, defeating Mickie James following interference from Madison Rayne. On the December 29 episode of Impact Wrestling, Kim retained her title against James following another interference from Rayne. On the January 5, 2012 episode	episode	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
It ultimately peaked at number 18 on the Billboard 200 and sold over three million copies in the United States, where it was certified two times Platinum by the RIAA. In Canada, the album sold over 50,000 copies and was certified gold by the CRIA. Aaliyah	Aaliyah	PROPN	's	PART	's
He further added that Muse " gets the surface details right but lacks the emotional and intellectual foundation to get at their inspiration's essence. " Rolling Stone named the song the 37th best song of 2012. Chris Martin of Coldplay described the single as " Muse's	's	PART	best	ADJ	 best
These were mostly termed as soundtracks although many of them were not related to the film. After the shooting for Dick Tracy was over, Madonna started working on the soundtrack. She had begun recording three songs by Stephen Sondheim for the film — " Sooner or Later	Later	ADV	"	PUNCT	 "
That same month, all four original band members performed during the ceremony for their induction into the Georgia Music Hall of Fame. While rehearsing for the ceremony, the band recorded a cover of John Lennon's " # 9 Dream " for Instant Karma: The Amnesty	Amnesty	PROPN	International	PROPN	 International
In contrast to SS members from other countries, who were grouped into either the Germanic SS or the Foreign Legions of the Waffen SS, Austrian SS members were regular SS personnel. It was technically under the command of the SS in Germany, but often acted independently	independently	ADV	concerning	VERB	 concerning
The lyrics closely follow the narrative of the film rather than focusing on romanticism. According to Epworth, the song is about " death and rebirth ", saying " It's like, when the world ends and everything comes down around your ears, if you've	've	AUX	got	VERB	 got
At that time the grounds comprised 110 acres, with 5 acres of water, which would have included parts of Monks Brook (including the salmon pool that it flows into) and the River Itchen and the modern Riverside Park. However 100 years earlier the estate was	was	AUX	more	ADV	 more
After this, they were directed round to the entrance and joined a party of other visitors. After touring the house, they had tea at the Hotel des Reservoirs before returning to Jourdain's apartment. After leaving Versailles, neither Jourdain nor Moberly mentioned the incident to	to	ADP	one	NUM	 one
When the state highway system was originally signed in 1919, M 99 was designated on a road between the Lake Michigan shoreline and M 11 (now US 31) between Muskegon and Hart. This highway was decommissioned in 1929. In 1931, M 99 was designated	designated	VERB	on	ADP	 on
A portion of the original bombing range is now the Utah Test and Training Range (UTTR) which is used extensively by the Air Force with live fire targets on the range. Wendover Air Force Base's history began in 1940, when the United States Army began	began	VERB	looking	VERB	 looking
On May 27, 2016, Granderson hit a walk off home run against the Los Angeles Dodgers. He was the first batter up in the bottom of the 9th inning. As of June 16, 2016, Granderson had hit 17 lead off homers since joining the	the	DET	Mets	PROPN	 Mets
By 1865 the peak of the rush was over and the diggings had been found not as rich as previously believed when news arrived in 1865 of the strikes in the Big Bend of the Columbia and the bulk of the mining population moved there en masse. Fisherville,	,	PUNCT	which	PRON	 which
Despite this informality, the operations prospered. Starting in 1904, the trail was improved and upgraded. In 1907, By 1910, the Alaska Road Commission completed the upgrade, making the trail usable as a wagon road. Major Wilds P. Richardson led the project and	and	CCONJ	later	ADV	 later
The park consists of 200 acres of land, of which 90 acres were previously part of the Pomeroy estate before the establishment of the state park. Established circa 1955, the park was listed as containing 99 acres in the Connecticut State Register and Manual. The park	park	NOUN	limits	NOUN	 limits
On March 11, Okafor was ruled out for the rest of the season after tests revealed that he had sustained a small tear of the meniscus in his right knee. Okafor finished fifth in the 2016 NBA Rookie of the Year Award voting and earned NBA All Rookie	Rookie	PROPN	First	PROPN	 First
Her crew numbered 105 officers and enlisted men. Peyk i Şevket's primary offensive armament was her three 450 mm (18 in) torpedo tubes. One was mounted in the bow, above water, and the other two were in deck mounted swivel launchers amidships.	.	PUNCT	She	PRON	 She
Two additional torpedoes from U 275 rocked the ship, and it rapidly sank, stern first. She took 98 men with her, including Kyes. Survivors were picked up by her sister ship, Schenck. Three or four minutes after the second torpedo hit, the	the	DET	executive	ADJ	 executive
The thrips species Gynaikothrips australis feeds on the underside of new leaves of F. obliqua, as well as F. rubiginosa and F. macrophylla. As plant cells die, nearby cells are induced into forming meristem tissue. A gall results and the leaves become distorted and curl over	over	ADP	.	PUNCT	.
Throughout the campus, numerous fountains provide white noise as a background. The initial design has remained intact; however benches and fences have been installed around the plaza fountains to discourage visitors from wading into the pools. Some additional revisions have been made in deference to the	the	DET	Americans	PROPN	 Americans
Also, masons had to be hired since the local peasantry proved inadequate for the level of sophistication that brick constructions required. Work that originally could be done by one man in a month with earth now required 100 men to do in stone. With the Ordos now	now	ADV	adequately	ADV	 adequately
She was given credit for 1,293 days of pretrial confinement, including 112 days for her treatment at Quantico, and will be eligible for parole after serving one third of the sentence. There may also be additional credit for good behavior, which means she could be released	released	VERB	after	ADP	 after
Ericsson and colleagues have argued that deliberate practice is sufficient for reaching high levels of expertise in chess. Recent research indicates that factors other than practice are also important. For example, Fernand Gobet and colleagues have shown that stronger players started playing chess at a young age	age	NOUN	and	CCONJ	 and
She could accommodate up to 1,114 passengers in three classes: 344 in first class, 210 in second class, and 560 in third. Cairo entered service for the Egyptian Mail Steamship Company, a British owned company that provided a fast mail service between Marsailles and Alexandria	Alexandria	PROPN	.	PUNCT	.
Colonel Jack Broughton, an F 105 pilot in Vietnam, noted the demands of flying close to Hanoi gave " simply no room for error ". On 11 August 1967, F 105Ds from 335th Tactical Fighter Squadron with support from F 105 Wild Weasels from 338th Tactical	Tactical	PROPN	Fighter	PROPN	 Fighter
The authenticity of the White Horse Prophecy is debated. It was never made public during Smith's lifetime, but was recorded many years after his death by one of his associates, Edwin Rushton. Although some elements of the statement were confirmed by contemporary LDS Church leaders	leaders	NOUN	as	SCONJ	 as
In his correspondence, Newton claimed that in writing the Principia " I had an eye upon such Principles as might work with considering men for the belief of a Deity ". He saw evidence of design in the system of the world: " Such a wonderful uniformity	uniformity	NOUN	in	ADP	 in
The phoronids feed with a lophophore, burrow or encrust on surfaces, and build three layered tubes made of polysaccharide, possibly chitin, mixed with particles with seabed material. Traditionally they have been regarded as a separate phylum, but increasingly detailed molecular phylogeny studies between 1997	1997	NUM	and	CCONJ	 and
As a result of the new appointments, the court backlog was significantly reduced – the court processed 1,700 cases in 1846 – 49 compared to 959 in 1819 – 24 – but it rose again after the death of Shadwell VC and retirement of Wigram VC. Shadwell,	,	PUNCT	appointed	VERB	 appointed
The ship fired twenty one 30.5 cm and thirty seven 15 cm shells in the span of five or six minutes, after which Thüringen's gunners lost sight of Warspite, without scoring any hits. They then shifted fire to Malaya. Thüringen fired twenty main battery rounds	rounds	NOUN	at	ADP	 at
Expressing this sentiment, one Opus Dei member, Cardinal Julián Herranz, stated " Opus Dei has become a victim of Christianophobia. " Massimo Introvigne, author of an encyclopedia of religion, argues that critics employ the term " cult " in order to intentionally stigmatize Opus	Opus	PROPN	Dei	PROPN	 Dei
The group initially revolved around Michael Ancher and his wife to be Anna, the only member of the group who was a native of Skagen. P.S. Krøyer, who arrived in 1882, was perhaps the most colourful member of the group. His painting Hip, Hip	Hip	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
As part of his overarching effort to understand the unique development of the Western world, Weber produced a detailed general study of the city as the characteristic locus of the social and economic relations, political arrangements, and ideas that eventually came to define the West. This	This	PRON	resulted	VERB	 resulted
That left Brown as the only Ivy League school never to have been ranked in the AP Poll and left only seven Division I schools active since the poll began that have never been ranked in it. Harvard was the first Ivy League team ranked in the Coaches '	'	PART	Poll	PROPN	 Poll
The prosecution had presented five Indian witnesses who stated that Spotted Tail was ambushed, and some witnesses stated he was unarmed. In an unusual move for a death penalty case, Moody released Crow Dog, allowing him to go home pending his appeal to the territorial Supreme	Supreme	PROPN	Court	PROPN	 Court
Several ectoparasites which can affect both survival and reproductive fitness have been found on the yellow faced honeyeater; the mites Ptilonyssus meliphagae and Ptilonyssus thymanzae and Ixodes species ticks. In general, honeyeaters require extensive corridors of mature trees along their migratory routes, and flowering woodlands for	for	ADP	nesting	NOUN	 nesting
The Australians suffered two killed and seven wounded, including King, who was lightly wounded. The company established a defensive position for the night. While they were doing so, Lieutenant D. B. Stuart, the commander of one of the Papuan platoons, arrived. They	They	PRON	had	AUX	 had
" The Palm Beach Post's Kevin D. Thompson wrote that Shannon's performance " displays why she should have her own sitcom ", while Cox wrote that she has a " quality in which a tightly bound surface normalcy seems to barely contain a bundle of tics and	and	CCONJ	impulses	NOUN	 impulses
In 1571 the Ottomans designated the city as part of the newly conquered province of Cyprus. The conquest further diminished the economic importance of Alanya's port. Traveler Evliya Çelebi visited the city in 1671 / 1672, and wrote on the preservation of Alanya Castle, but	but	CCONJ	also	ADV	 also
" He later felt the album was not progressive as he had wished: " I'm thinking, ' Why don't we do this? Why don't we create these landscapes? ' I think we should have been pushing ourselves, and trying to push the	the	DET	genre	NOUN	 genre
Those accustomed to making repairs on solid state equipment are cautioned that vacuum tube gear contain potentially lethal voltages. The practice of discharging power supply capacitors and keeping one hand in your pocket when working on powered up gear are essential safety measures. Some older equipment directly connects	connects	VERB	the	DET	 the
After Smith's teammate Jack Clark hit a late inning home run of his own in Game 6 to defeat the Dodgers, the Cardinals moved on to face the Kansas City Royals in the 1985 World Series. Once again sportswriters were quick to draw attention to Smith's	's	PART	outstanding	ADJ	 outstanding
Arsenal failed to clear substitute McAllister's free kick, and Owen pounced with a right foot finish past Seaman from eight yards. Liverpool's comeback was completed five minutes later in the 88th minute, with extra time looming; Owen was released down the left by a	a	DET	weighted	ADJ	 weighted
Despite this, the Victorian selectors persisted with him for every match of the season. Harvey was overlooked for selection for entirety of the 1955 – 56 season. After four years out of first class cricket, Harvey earned a recall in the latter half of the 1958	1958	NUM	–	PUNCT	 –
The paper ticket technology is identical to the Washington Metro's paper fare card, though the BART system does not charge higher fares during rush hour. Both systems were supplied by Cubic Transportation Systems, with contract for BART being awarded in 1974. Clipper, a contactless	contactless	ADJ	smart	ADJ	 smart
New Hampshire was particularly active in the Caribbean during this period, as several countries, including Haiti, the Dominican Republic, and Mexico devolved into internal political conflicts. These actions included the United States occupation of Veracruz, during which the ship's commander was awarded the	the	DET	Medal	PROPN	 Medal
However, in 2008 BAE Systems merged its Surface Fleet arm with the shipbuilding operations of VT Group to form BVT Surface Fleet, an aim central to the British Government's Defence Industrial Strategy. On 4 June 2004, BAE Systems outbid General Dynamics for Alvis Vickers,	,	PUNCT	the	DET	 the
Even in the handful of cases that Merck lost at trial, such as the $253 million verdict in the Ernst case that generated much of the publicity that led to tens of thousands of cases being filed, Merck won reversals of most of those on appeal because	because	SCONJ	the	DET	 the
After civilians reported that no Japanese were stationed on the Hamilton peninsula which formed the western side of Victoria Harbour, a troop from the 2 / 11th Commando Squadron was landed in the area during 10 June and secured it without opposition. During the afternoon of 10 June	June	PROPN	a	DET	 a
Nojima and Nomura felt that it was a good opportunity to expand upon the universe of X. They opted for the audio drama format as the team did not want to create a solid visual impression, instead intending to leave it up to interpretation. The team wanted the	the	DET	audio	ADJ	 audio
Immediately, Mootz's rain powers seem to disappear. It is revealed that Holman Hardt is actually the one controlling the weather. All of the bizarre weather was the side effect of his long silent love for Sheila. He felt guilty that his weather related problem caused	caused	VERB	Mootz	PROPN	 Mootz
Registered users can read and post tweets, but those who are unregistered can only read them. Users access Twitter through the website interface, SMS or mobile device app. Twitter Inc. is based in San Francisco and has more than 25 offices around the world. Twitter	Twitter	PROPN	was	AUX	 was
He accepts her challenge, which results in the creation of a self aware hologram of Professor Moriarty (Daniel Davis). Pulaski joins Data and Lieutenant Geordi La Forge (LeVar Burton), but is captured by Moriarty who also takes over manual control of the Enterprise	Enterprise	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
In spring 593, Priscus was re appointed in command as commander of the cavalry in Thrace, with Gentzon leading the infantry. Priscus, as the more senior of the two, also held overall command. Both generals marched to Dorostolon on the Danube, and campaigned	campaigned	VERB	with	ADP	 with
The special contained extensive behind the scenes footage from the filming in Hungary, Japan, and Korea, along with numerous interviews with the cast and crew. On January 28, 2010, it was reported that the distribution rights for the Japanese market were purchased by TBS	TBS	PROPN	for	ADP	 for
After the War, most of the young men left the island, and the population fell from 73 in 1920 to 37 in 1928. After the death of four men from influenza in 1926, there was a succession of crop failures in the 1920s. Investigations by	by	ADP	the	DET	 the
International passenger traffic decreased from magnitude of 20,000 in a year in late 2000s to 5,000 in a year in 2010s. Although the airport is capable of handling Boeing 767 aircraft, for large numbers of these aircraft, significant investment would be needed. Consequently, the largest	largest	ADJ	aircraft	NOUN	 aircraft
The length and origin these eruptions has also varied. Events last anywhere between days and years, and occur at a number of different sites. Half of all eruptions occur at or near Kīlauea's summit caldera. Activity there was nearly continuous for much of the 19th	19th	ADJ	century	NOUN	 century
Using a broad definition of the genre, Dave Thompson in his book Alternative Rock cites the formation of the Sex Pistols as well as the release of the albums Horses by Patti Smith and Metal Machine Music by Lou Reed as three key events that gave birth to alternative	alternative	ADJ	rock	NOUN	 rock
From late 2009 to early 2011, Dover served as the Technical / Coach Advisor for the Canadian national dressage team. In April 2013, Dover was named Technical Advisor / Chef d'Equipe for the US national dressage team. Dover, who is Jewish, was born in	in	ADP	Chicago	PROPN	 Chicago
" Critic Dave Marsh called it " the perfect album for Van: he does everything... so incredibly well. There isn't a bad cut on it, of that I'm really sure. " Critic Robert Christgau voiced reservations in his praise of the album,	,	PUNCT	writing	VERB	 writing
He asks if Wilkes would have recognized a genuine Catholic Mass, even if he saw it himself and even if the underground version followed its public model precisely. Aleister Crowley (1875 – 1947) was an English occultist and writer. In 1904, Crowley claimed to	to	PART	have	AUX	 have
He also didn't seem to have lost any speed. " During the 1978 NFL season, Volk appeared in all 16 games for the Dolphins, 13 of them as a starter. Volk started the season strong, intercepting a pass in the season opener against the	the	DET	New	PROPN	 New
The result was disappointing; as the Enterprise grew larger the streaks became distorted and out of place. Mullen rejected a straight animation of the warp drive as too bouncy, but the footage was cut in for editing while ILM went through six more approaches to the problem	problem	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
He entered the Naval Academy at Annapolis, Maryland in 1918, and eventually graduated 48th out of 539 in the class of 1922, in which Hyman G. Rickover graduated 107th. At the time, it was customary for midshipmen to acquire nicknames, and Parsons was called	called	VERB	"	PUNCT	 "
The UNESCO World Heritage Site encompassing the hill and the royal city at its peak extends over a surface area of 59 hectares, with a buffer zone of 425 hectares. The layout of Ambohimanga's three compounds and the structures within them followed a traditional design established by	by	ADP	the	DET	 the
In 2002, the US Bureau of Land Management designated 32,745 acres (132.51 km2) in the Eldorado Mountains as Ireteba Peaks Wilderness. In March 2015, Mohave Tribal chairman Dennis Patch credited Irataba with ensuring that " the Mohaves stayed on land they had lived on since	since	SCONJ	time	NOUN	 time
" Bound 2 " received general acclaim from music critics, who referred to the song as one of the highlights of the album, comparing its soul influenced, sample based production to West's debut studio album, The College Dropout (2004). The song peaked	peaked	VERB	at	ADP	 at
On 19 September, Arkansas entered the Puget Sound Navy Yard for a general overhaul. She returned to the fleet in May 1920 for training operations off California. The Navy adopted a hull classification system, and on 17 July, assigned Arkansas the designation " BB 33	33	NUM	"	PUNCT	 "
Vaizey put Neill's Summerhill in a disappearing lineage of post World War I experimental schools that focused on freedom from directed games, classics curriculum, and prudery. He wrote in 1962 that " Summerhill is clearly one of England's greatest schools " and that the decline	decline	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
They exacted harsh terms: in the Treaty of Vienna (1731), Great Britain demanded that Austria abolish the Ostend Company in return for its recognition of the Pragmatic Sanction. In total, Great Britain, France, Saxony Poland, United Provinces, Spain, Venice	Venice	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
Unlike the formal language used in traditional literature, Joehana wrote in everyday Sundanese. The grammar and structure shows evidence of influence from other languages, and the vocabulary is likewise not purely Sundanese; some Dutch (the language of the colonial government) is mixed in.	.	PUNCT	The	DET	 The
Archduke Charles, brother of the Austrian Emperor, had started to reform the Austrian army in 1801 by taking away power from the Hofkriegsrat, the military political council responsible for the armed forces. Charles was Austria's best field commander, but he was unpopular at court	court	NOUN	and	CCONJ	 and
Pedra Branca was known to sailors for centuries. It was originally within the territory of the Johor Sultanate, which was founded in 1528, and remained under the new Sultanate of Johor under the British sphere of influence following the signing of the Anglo – Dutch Treaty of	of	ADP	1824	NUM	 1824
The following day, the King suffered several heart attacks, but refused to go to bed, saying, " No, I shall not give in; I shall go on; I shall work to the end. " Between moments of faintness, his son the	the	DET	Prince	PROPN	 Prince
After Ray Price recorded Nelson's " Night Life ", and his previous bassist Johnny Paycheck quit, Nelson joined Price's touring band as a bass player. While playing with Price and the Cherokee Cowboys, his songs became hits for other artists, including " Funny	Funny	PROPN	How	SCONJ	 How
Tweedy liked how O'Rourke's music was varied and " not easily categorized ". According to Tweedy: Tweedy was invited to perform with a collaborator of his choice for the 2000 Noise Pop Festival in Chicago. The festival promoter offered to pair him with members of the	the	DET	Mekons	NOUN	 Mekons
English word order has moved from the Germanic verb second (V2) word order to being almost exclusively subject – verb – object (SVO). The combination of SVO order and use of auxiliary verbs often creates clusters of two or more verbs at the centre of	of	ADP	the	DET	 the
Colin Gordon Calloway, Our Hearts Fell to the Ground: Plains Indian Views of How the West was Lost, Bedford Books of St. Martin's Press, 1996 ISBN 0 312 13354 5. Thomas W. Dunlay, Wolves for the Blue Soldiers: Indian Scouts and Auxiliaries	Auxiliaries	PROPN	with	ADP	 with
By mid September, the NK 7th Division was reduced to just 4,000 men, a loss of 6,000 from when it was committed to the perimeter. Only 2,000 men from the NK 6th Division returned to North Korea, a loss of 80 percent of its strength.	.	PUNCT	Large	ADJ	 Large
A drafted player, either an international draftee or a college draftee who is not signed by the team that drafted him, is allowed to sign with any non NBA team. In this case, the team retains the player's draft rights in the NBA until one	one	NUM	year	NOUN	 year
Based in Toledo, Ohio, the Maroons were an independent team but became part of the APFA in 1922. Coming into the game, the Maroons had not scored a point for the entire season, and that streak continued this game. Six thousand people were in	in	ADP	attendance	NOUN	 attendance
James Spotila et al. (1991) concludes that the large body size of sauropods would have made them unable to maintain high metabolic rates because they would not be able to release enough heat. They assumed sauropods had a reptilian respiratory system. Wedel says that an	an	DET	avian	ADJ	 avian
Urania Cabral and her father Agustín Cabral appear in both the modern day and historical portions of the novel. In the year 1996, Urania returns to the Dominican Republic for the first time since her departure at the age of 14. She is a successful New York	York	PROPN	lawyer	NOUN	 lawyer
DX played various sophomoric jokes on The Spirit Squad and the McMahons, as well as defeating The Spirit Squad in handicap tag team matches at Vengeance and a clean sweep in an elimination handicap match at Saturday Night's Main Event. At the same time as their feud	feud	NOUN	with	ADP	 with
Another condition was the " firewalling " of former British Aerospace and MES teams on defence projects such as the Joint Strike Fighter (JSF). In 2007 the government, on advice from the Office of Fair Trading, announced it had agreed to release BAE Systems from	from	ADP	ten	NUM	 ten
Animation historian Michael Barrier describes this section of the film as being " much grimmer than Crumb's stories past that point, and far more violent. " Bakshi stated that he deviated from the comics because he felt that the strips lacked depth: " It was cute	cute	ADJ	,	PUNCT	,
It is 111.9 feet (34.1 m) long and is situated in Moosic. Another bridge of the same type was built over the stream in 1957. This bridge is 155.8 feet (47.5 m) long and is in Pittston Township. A two span prestressed box	box	PROPN	beam	NOUN	 beam
All of the original actors save for the lead role of Mick St. John were recast in June 2007: Shannon Lucio, Rade Šerbedžija and Amber Valletta were originally cast in the roles of Beth Turner, Josef Kostan and Coraline Duvall respectively before Sophia Myles, Jason Dohring	Dohring	PROPN	and	CCONJ	 and
Fellow academic Jeremy Black noted the connection between Draco and World War II; Draco wears the King's medal for resistance fighters. The war reference is a method used by Fleming to differentiate good from evil and raises a question about " the distinction between criminality and legality	legality	NOUN	"	PUNCT	 "
By 2013 Scotland Yard were focusing on the theory that Madeleine was taken during a burglary gone wrong. There had been a fourfold increase in burglaries in the area between January and May 2007. They included two in the McCanns ' block, during which intruders entered through	through	ADP	apartment	NOUN	 apartment
Some such as Lascelles were burnt at the stake. However, powerful reform minded nobles Edward Seymour and John Dudley returned to England during the summer from overseas and they were able to turn the tide against the conservatives. Two incidents in autumn tipped the balance. Gardiner	Gardiner	PROPN	was	AUX	 was
In 2004 and 2005, respectively, the band released, under Endtime Productions, the EP Det tapte liv and the studio album The Forsaken, both of which featured session drum work by drummer Jan Axel Blomberg, known as Hellhammer, who has played in strongly anti	anti	ADJ	Christian	ADJ	 Christian
The average ticket price for the secondary market ($375.89) as well as the final show ($195.80) were all above the average cost of $186.40, with the price dropping as the shows drew nearer. Since Roseland was an admission only venue,	,	PUNCT	costlier	ADJ	 costlier
In December 2011, it was revealed that Mega Brands had the rights to produce construction sets. A Marvel Select Spider Man action figure by Diamond Select Toys was announced on January 2012 — the fifth Marvel Select Spider Man figure, but the first based on a film	film	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
To familiarize himself with the process, Andreev observed various 120 Hz television sets that incorporated two frames in producing an intermediate image, resulting in a smoother and clearer picture. The design team utilized a variety of interpolation techniques on multiple parts of an image, such as	as	ADP	transparency	NOUN	 transparency
Three incentive mechanisms are often used in combination as investment subsidies: the authorities refund part of the cost of installation of the system, the electricity utility buys PV electricity from the producer under a multiyear contract at a guaranteed rate (), and Solar Renewable Energy Certificates	Certificates	PROPN	(	PUNCT	 (
Furry conventions sometimes start out as furmeets, where groups of local fans meet at a regular location, often on a scheduled basis. As the local community grows, these groups may put on events which attract dealer attention or significant fan activity and which become recognized as	as	ADP	fully	ADV	 fully
From the inception of the NFLPA, its members were divided over whether it should act as a professional association or a union. Against the wishes of NFLPA presidents Pete Retzlaff and Bernie Parrish, Miller ran the association as a " ' grievance committee ' " rather than	than	ADP	engaging	VERB	 engaging
Meanwhile, L Dubba E tells his gang members to also take guns to the final match. At the venue, JTRO wears BTRO's outfit and L Dubba E taunts him. When the match begins, L Dubba E defeats JTRO in the first round but JTRO	JTRO	PROPN	perseveres	NOUN	 perseveres
Three two digit Interstate highways serve Cleveland directly. Interstate 71 begins just southwest of downtown and is the major route from downtown Cleveland to the airport. I 71 runs through the southwestern suburbs and eventually connects Cleveland with Columbus and Cincinnati. Interstate 77 begins in downtown Cleveland	Cleveland	PROPN	and	CCONJ	 and
" The Girl Is Mine " reached number one on the Hot Adult Contemporary Tracks chart. The song charted at number eight in the UK, peaking within the New Zealand Top 20. By 1985, the single had sold 1.3 million copies. The single was later	later	ADV	certified	VERB	 certified
He described the revelation of such power as " a great rift of light. " For Haywood, industrial union principles were later confirmed by the defeat of the Western Federation of Miners in the 1903 – 05 Cripple Creek strike due — he believed — to insufficient labor	labor	NOUN	solidarity	NOUN	 solidarity
She talks with a lawyer, who tells her that since she invited Paul into her house, she can not prove that her intent was to defuse the situation. At a hearing, it is revealed that Rita violated her and Paul's custody agreement, making Paul	Paul	PROPN	's	PART	's
Wallhead soon turned professional and on 30 April 2005, he made his debut at Cage Warriors: Ultimate Force. Jim fought Leslee Ojugbana, utilising knee strikes from the clinch, whilst preventing Ojugbana from succeeding with takedown attempts. After one sided striking from Wallhead, Ojugbana	Ojugbana	PROPN	gave	VERB	 gave
The black dogfish is a common species, with a wide but discontinuous distribution in the temperate waters of the Atlantic Ocean; its range abuts, but does not extend into, the Arctic Ocean. In the northeast, it occurs from Iceland to Sierra Leone, including	including	VERB	the	DET	 the
Both of Wollstonecraft's novels criticize what she viewed as the patriarchal institution of marriage and its deleterious effects on women. In her first novel, Mary: A Fiction (1788), the eponymous heroine is forced into a loveless marriage for economic reasons; she fulfils	fulfils	VERB	her	PRON	 her
In October 1941, six airmen of No. 11 EFTS were court martialled for mutiny. Their main grievance was having to undertake guard duty at night and attend parades at 7: 15 am in addition to their regular ground support work. One of the men was	was	AUX	found	VERB	 found
Above the basilica, either on a parapet or tower, was a place from which a trumpet or ram's horn would be blown to signal the start of the Sabbath and holy days. On the pavement below the southwest corner of the Royal Stoa complex, a	a	DET	piece	NOUN	 piece
It may be a variant of the word Molch ' salamander '. The olm's body is snakelike, 20 – 30 cm (8 – 12 in) long, with some specimens reaching up to 40 centimetres (16 in). The trunk is cylindrical,	,	PUNCT	uniformly	ADV	 uniformly
Before the split Stratton had set up Berkeley's first psychology lab in the philosophy department and taught psychology courses with Brown. The courses included sensation, perception, emotion, memory, and applications of psychology to professions such as law, medicine, schooling and clerical work	work	NOUN	by	ADP	 by
Shortly afterwards, they received the news that Xerxes had crossed the Hellespont. Themistocles therefore suggested a second strategy to the allies. The route to southern Greece (Boeotia, Attica and the Peloponnesus) would require the army of Xerxes to travel through the very narrow pass	pass	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
The left flank of the square now came under fire from a heavy formation of British skirmishers, the chasseurs drove them back, but the skirmishers were replaced as the 52nd Light Infantry, led by John Colborne, wheeled in line onto the chasseurs ' flank and poured	poured	VERB	a	DET	 a
During the tour, O'Reilly developed his leg trap; the opening batsmen Jack Fingleton and Bill Brown were used in these positions. With Bradman's appointment as captain of the Australian team after the South African tour, Clarrie Grimmett was dropped, leaving O'Reilly as the hub	hub	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
Ten's musical style, influenced by classic rock, combined an " expansive harmonic vocabulary " with an anthemic sound. Stephen Thomas Erlewine of AllMusic stated that the songs on the album fused " the riff heavy stadium rock of the 1970s with the grit and anger of	of	ADP	'	NOUN	 '
Puck and Shelby's kiss in the " Pot o ' Gold " episode was characterized as " creepy " and " super awkward " by AOLTV's Crystal Bell, as either " super creepy " or " romantic " by BuddyTV's John Kubicek, and as "	"	PUNCT	groan	NOUN	 groan
In 2007, Raimi expressed interest in portraying the transformation of Dr. Curt Connors into his villainous alter ego, the Lizard; the character's actor Dylan Baker and producer Grant Curtis were also enthusiastic about the idea. By December 2009, John Malkovich was in negotiations to	to	PART	play	VERB	 play
" The Nationals announced that Strasburg would be scheduled to make his final start on September 12 and would be replaced by John Lannan in the Nationals ' starting rotation. However, after a rough outing on September 8, Davey Johnson announced that Strasburg was finished for the	the	DET	2012	NUM	 2012
Major British newspapers such as the Daily Mail, the Daily Mirror and The Daily Telegraph were invited to the dinner along with newspapers which included the Berliner Tageblatt, The Sydney Morning Herald and The New York Times. Ritz's guest list also included the engineer and architects	architects	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
The crew returns armed, but is too late as Kong takes Ann and flees into the jungle. Ann gradually wins Kong over with juggling and dancing, and eventually begins to grasp Kong's intelligence and capacity for emotion. Englehorn organizes a rescue party led by First	First	PROPN	Mate	PROPN	 Mate
The Grately code included a provision that there was to be only one coinage across the king's dominion. However, this is in a section that appears to be copied from a code of his father, and the list of towns with mints is confined to the	the	DET	south	NOUN	 south
" Brown also suggested to the International Astronomical Union's (IAU) Minor Planet Center that any future objects discovered in Sedna's orbital region should also be named after entities in arctic mythologies. The team made the name " Sedna " public before the object had been	been	AUX	officially	ADV	 officially
There was a viaduct over the Fiddich of two spans, and there were three intermediate stations: Earlsmill (renamed Keith Town in 1897), Botriphnie (renamed Auchindachy in 1862) and Drummuir. When the line opened on 21 February 1862, the trains were worked	worked	VERB	by	ADP	 by
Being in cold iron, De Soto could not immediately move, but Capt. Walker did send his boats ashore to take off foreigners. A short while later, Captain Wake in HMS Bulldog asked for towing assistance, which Capt. Walker denied, though De Soto	Soto	PROPN	's	PART	's
In March 1987 then former State Senator Edward Nedza, Berrios ' mentor, was indicted in a federal investigation of bribes allegedly paid to city licensing officials. In April, 1987 Nedza resigned his position as committeeman of the 31st ward in Chicago and named Berrios as his	his	PRON	replacement	NOUN	 replacement
Many of these styles are therefore considered " pre war styles ", although some of these teachers continued to train with Ueshiba in the years after World War II. Later, as Ueshiba seemed to slowly grow away from Takeda, he began to change his art.	.	PUNCT	These	DET	 These
It is Balaguer who guides much of the action in the last sections of the book. The storyline concerning the assassination primarily follows the four conspirators who directly participate in Trujillo's death. Antonio Imbert Barrera is one of the few conspirators who survives the violent reprisals that	that	PRON	follow	VERB	 follow
The former specializes in Italian cuisine, while the latter serves Arabic food. For the local population, popular restaurants include Prince Restaurant which acts as a type of fast food place, serving shawarma, grilled chicken, and other common Syrian foods, as well as homemade	homemade	ADJ	juices	NOUN	 juices
" In a retrospective review, Jezebel's Irin Carmon called the film " the greatest movie of all time " as " a great, brave movie for women " with " some subtle, retrospectively sharp eyed critiques of class and gender. " The film drew adult	adult	NOUN	audiences	NOUN	 audiences
On December 4, 2013, The Fast and the Furious team released a tribute video to Paul Walker after the actor's untimely death, which contained excerpts from Coming Home. On December 30, 2014 newly hired Michigan Wolverines head football coach Jim Harbaugh was introduced to	to	ADP	the	DET	 the
Aldo Janotti considered Paraná, alongside Vasconcelos, responsible for the maintenance of Brazilian unity and preventing its territorial dismemberment. According to Hermes Vieira, he was a " great statesman ". " Of all politicians of imperial Brazil, it is without a doubt, " said	said	VERB	historian	NOUN	 historian
These problems also reduced her steam output so that she was unable to attain her designed speed. Captain Irvine Glennie assumed command in May 1939 and Hood was assigned to the Home Fleet's Battlecruiser Squadron while still refitting; when war broke out later that year, she	she	PRON	was	AUX	 was
Described by the official history of the post war RAAF as second only to the General Dynamics F 111C as the " most significant " acquisition by the Air Force, the Hercules gave the Australian military its first strategic airlift capability, which in years to come would provide	provide	VERB	a	DET	 a
However, immunity can not be claimed when a member is found committing a criminal offence and the Parliament also has the right to strip a member of his immunity. MEPs in Parliament are organised into seven different parliamentary groups, including thirty non attached members known as non	non	NOUN	inscrits	NOUN	 inscrits
Thus, law enforcement officers are sometimes hesitant to investigate cases because of the differences in age of consent. The laws of some countries do, however, distinguish between prostituted teenagers and prostituted children. For example, the Japanese government defines the category as referring to minors	minors	NOUN	between	ADP	 between
In January 1980, Michael Stipe met Peter Buck in Wuxtry Records, the Athens record store where Buck worked. The pair discovered that they shared similar tastes in music, particularly in punk rock and protopunk artists like Patti Smith, Television, and The Velvet Underground.	.	PUNCT	Stipe	PROPN	 Stipe
Undeterred, she continues to use fur in photo spreads, saying there's always a way to wear it. " Nobody was wearing fur until she put it on the cover in the early 1990s, " says Vogue co worker Tom Florio. " She ignited the	the	DET	entire	ADJ	 entire
Earp was in charge of collecting license fees for Lamar, which funded local schools, and he was accused of failing to turn in the fees. On March 31, James Cromwell filed a lawsuit against Earp, alleging that Earp had falsified court documents about the amount	amount	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
Light on the gore and heavy on the drama — just how I like my Sunday night zombie adventures. " Scott Meslow from The Atlantic gave the episode a positive review, deeming it as an improvement from the previous episode, and appreciated that the episode had opened	opened	VERB	up	ADP	 up
Post impact mixing of the vaporized material between the forming Earth and Moon could have equalized their isotopic compositions, although this is debated. The large amount of energy released in the giant impact event and the subsequent re accretion of material in Earth orbit would have melted the	the	DET	outer	ADJ	 outer
However, Croatia agreed that UNPROFOR and ECMM monitors would continue to be present in the pink zones when Croatia assumed control over them. The move was planned as a way to reassure the Serb population that the pink zones could provide them safety. In the aftermath of	of	ADP	the	DET	 the
In 2004, it was estimated that 4.5% of the GDP is spent for education, while schooling expectancy was estimated to 14 years on average. Primary education in Croatia starts at the age of six or seven and consists of eight grades. In 2007 a law	law	NOUN	was	AUX	 was
The motorway initially reopened at the end of 1994, but it was soon closed again due to security issues. Repeated failures to resolve the two disputes would serve as triggers for major Croatian offensives in 1995. At the same time, the Krajina army continued the Siege	Siege	PROPN	of	ADP	 of
On 13 May, the Spanish cavalry attached to Colborne's brigade came into contact with the French force and, in accordance with orders given by Wellington in April, they fell back while sending word of Soult's new position to Beresford. Later that day Long's	's	PART	British	ADJ	 British
Venus, with an orbit inclined by 3.4° relative to the Earth's, usually appears to pass under (or over) the Sun at inferior conjunction. A transit occurs when Venus reaches conjunction with the Sun at or near one of its nodes — the longitude	longitude	NOUN	where	SCONJ	 where
Edward's preference for bold offensive tactics would dictate the Yorkist plan of action for this engagement. The Yorkists had other prominent leaders. Warwick had a flamboyant appeal to his followers. Edward Hall, a 16th century chronicler, attributed to Warwick an inspirational scene before the	the	DET	Battle	PROPN	 Battle
In 1901, Catalan anarchist and free thinker Francesc Ferrer i Guàrdia established " modern " or progressive schools in Barcelona in defiance of an educational system controlled by the Catholic Church. The schools ' stated goal was to " educate the working class in a rational, secular	secular	ADJ	and	CCONJ	 and
They hired as agent a young Hanoverian physician, Justus Erich Bollmann, who acquired an assistant, a South Carolinian medical student named Francis Kinloch Huger. This was the son of Benjamin Huger, whom Lafayette had stayed with upon his first arrival in America. With their	their	PRON	help	NOUN	 help
Ed asks for protection before telling him, and attacks Michael when he is distracted. During the struggle Michael kills Ed, and Bird comes into the house after speaking to Dr. Evans. Michael later discovers that Carl and Tricia are involved in the setup. Tricia shoots	shoots	VERB	Carl	PROPN	 Carl
The book was described as sociobiology. The Empathic Civilization was contrasted to the book Crisis Economics by Nouriel Roubini and Stephen Mihm, as reaching different conclusions but being complementary by offering valid alternative futures different from contemporary belief in social progress. John N. Gray's review in	in	ADP	The	DET	 The
Additionally, in the last scene of the episode, Scully wakes up in a coughing fit at 2: 08AM. Episode 2.08 " One Breath " is the episode where Agent Scully is returned from her abduction. Leonard Bett's call sign as an EMT after his	his	PRON	regeneration	NOUN	 regeneration
" Even more word orders can be obtained through the phenomenon of subject copy. In subject copy, the subject is repeated at the end of the sentence, accompanied by head nodding, either for clarification or emphasis: FATHER – LOVE – CHILD – FATHERcopy " The	The	DET	father	NOUN	 father
Playford became a pastor there, built a property at Mitcham, and preached regularly for his own ' Christian Church ', which was essentially Baptist in character. The third Playford, Thomas Playford II, was born at Bethnal Green, London in 1837 to the second	second	ADJ	wife	NOUN	 wife
Moreover, a peak rainfall total of 1,752 mm (69.0 in) was measured in Commerson, 1,296 mm (51.0 in) of which occurred in a 24 ‑ hour time frame. Many roads across Reunion were damaged. Power was knocked out to 40,000 customers while	while	SCONJ	more	ADJ	 more
The German newspapers were among the many from across Europe that attacked Schumacher. Bild said " Schumacher was to blame for the crash ". " He played for high stakes and lost everything – the World Championship and his reputation for fair play. There is no doubt	doubt	NOUN	that	SCONJ	 that
As an actor, I found some of it to be a little silly. " Accordingly, Manners helped Patrick traverse the script, an action that helped him achieve the desired delivery for his lines. A few of the flies on the dead body of " Cap	Cap	PROPN	'	CCONJ	 '
Ewondo who learned German were highly favoured in the early days of the colonial regime. Station commander Hans Dominik sent four such individuals to attend the mission school of the German Pallottine Fathers in Kribi, a settlement on the coast. There, Atangana learned German language,	,	PUNCT	history	NOUN	 history
Burns is seriously injured and becomes reliant on Smithers once again. In gratitude, Smithers sends Homer a fruit basket. The episode was written by John Swartzwelder, who got the story from another member of the writing staff, Mike Scully. When the show runners of	of	ADP	this	DET	 this
After the bout he announced his hope of competing at the 2012 Olympics in London, saying, " It is my first Olympics and I am looking forward to my next because I'm young. " The other wrestler Florian Skilang Temengil was beaten by Hungarian Ottó Aubéli	Aubéli	PROPN	in	ADP	 in
The Human Resources and Research and Development buildings were originally constructed around 1912 by the MacKay Copper Process Company. The property was acquired in 1923 by the Thermos Company following the foreclosure of the MacKay company. The Human Resources building was used by the enameling department until its	its	PRON	conversion	NOUN	 conversion
The next component in an atomic line filter is the vapor cell; this is common to all atomic line filters. It either absorbs and re emits the incident light, or rotates its polarization by the Faraday or Voigt effect. Following the vapor cell is a low	low	ADJ	pass	NOUN	 pass
The films and the sequel were also licensed by Bandai. The manga and light novels as well as the spin off series, Mobile Suit Gundam SEED Astray, were licensed. Video games were released in North America. Mobile Suit Gundam SEED was widely popular with the	the	DET	public	NOUN	 public
In retrospective reviews, Pitchfork Media wrote that " Slug " is the high point of the album, featuring a " beautiful, slow motion groove ", and Slate praised the experimental nature of the song, calling it " lovely and melodic ". Uncut reviewer Alastair	Alastair	PROPN	McKay	PROPN	 McKay
There is a relative balance between the Democratic and Republican parties, a change from the predominantly single party politics of the 20th century. Throughout the 1950s, Democrats ran the city council and mayoralty. Utica is in New York's 22nd congressional district, which has been	been	AUX	represented	VERB	 represented
In his first season in charge he led the club to the Division One South championship and promotion to the Isthmian League Premier Division. The following season Dover won a second consecutive championship and thus gained promotion to Conference South. In the 2009 – 10 season, Dover	Dover	PROPN	reached	VERB	 reached
The highway travels amidst a neighborhood of cottages as it heads east, with side streets radiating from it. After several jaunts, SR 365 proceeds south. The highway then arrives at its endpoint at a parking lot for a boat launch serving Indian Lake State Park on	on	ADP	the	DET	 the
The similarity between this charter and another granted to the priory by his son, Domnall, may be evidence that the documents were drawn up at about the same time. If so, Ragnall's charter may be evidence that he survived his defeat at the hands of	of	ADP	Áengus	NOUN	 Áengus
In September, a slightly modified variation of the menu was taken national during one of the largest menu expansions in the company's history. Chief Marketing Officer Mike Kappitt said breakfast produced 12 percent of the company's income, but that was only half of what McDonald	McDonald	PROPN	's	AUX	's
Principal Skinner declares him the winner, but Bart wakes up realizing it was Lisa messing with him. At breakfast, Lisa shows the family her science fair project, a steroid enhanced tomato that she hopes will cure world hunger. Bart's project is to study the	the	DET	effects	NOUN	 effects
The Polish victory infuriated the Soviets, leading to dozens of arrests and several executions among those connected to the Lit Bel.; the former Lit Bel leaders began accusing one another of culpability for the loss of their capital. Lenin considered the city vital to his plans	plans	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
Philosophers such as Slavoj Žižek, Alain de Botton, and Alexander Bard and Jan Söderqvist, have all argued that atheists should reclaim religion as an act of defiance against theism, precisely not to leave religion as an unwarranted monopoly to theists. According to Plato's Euthyphro	Euthyphro	PROPN	dilemma	NOUN	 dilemma
The book became extremely popular and inspired a great deal of tourism, which happened to coincide with the opening of Southern Pacific railroad lines in Southern California. With all of the interest generated by the book, a number of communities declared that they were the setting for	for	ADP	the	DET	 the
Idealists are not faced with explaining how minds arise from bodies: rather, the world, bodies and objects are regarded as mere appearances held by minds. However, accounting for the mind – body problem is not usually the main motivation for idealism; rather, idealists	idealists	NOUN	tend	VERB	 tend
Other sports teams include the London Silver Dolphins Swim Team, the Forest City Volleyball Club, London Cricket Club, the London St. George's Rugby Club, the London Aquatics Club, the London Rhythmic Gymnastics Club, London City Soccer Club and Forest City London. Football	Football	NOUN	teams	NOUN	 teams
Oh No, Not Them!, in Mirkin's words, " tested through the floor " because it was too " surreal " and " sarcastic " and was not picked up. Mirkin and Elliott decided to develop a show together, along with Adam Resnick.	.	PUNCT	In	ADP	 In
The deal was reportedly worth $300,000. He registered 18 goals and 50 points in 47 games, but was reluctant to fight and felt the League did little to protect him from players wanting to make a name for themselves against an established NHL enforcer. Brashear was	was	AUX	suspended	VERB	 suspended
Several critics theorized about the effects of the shift from scarcity to abundance of written material in the media as a result of the technologies introduced by the Internet. This shift was examined for its potential to lead individuals to a superficial comprehension of many subjects rather than a	a	DET	deep	ADJ	 deep
In 1940, the top 11 m (36 ft) of the mountain collapsed, reducing the height to 2,085 m (6,841 ft). Seventeen years later, on 27 August 1957, the stunt pilot Henri Giraud landed a Piper J 3 Cub on the summit	summit	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
Dumont commented that many of the effects came from being unfamiliar with the equipment and " just twiddling knobs ". Dumont created an effect similar to that of an echo chamber by placing a microphone inside a metal garbage can with the can's open end facing a drum	drum	NOUN	kit	NOUN	 kit
(5) The fame of the prior mark (sales, advertising, length of use). (6) The number and nature of similar marks in use on similar goods. (7) The nature and extent of any actual confusion. (8) The	The	DET	length	NOUN	 length
No. 350 Squadron alone claimed 51 " kills " between its formation in November 1941 and the end of the war. In total, 1,200 Belgians served in the RAF, mainly in British or Free Dutch squadrons. Two corvettes and a group of minesweepers were also	also	ADV	operated	VERB	 operated
The objects must therefore have been extremely compact, leaving black holes as the most plausible interpretation. More importantly, the signal observed by LIGO also included the start of the post merger ringdown, the signal produced as the newly formed compact object settles down to a stationary	stationary	ADJ	state	NOUN	 state
On 28 November, he scored away at Wigan Athletic in a 2 – 0 win for City. On 13 January 2013, he scored City's opening goal in a 2 – 0 away win at Arsenal, it was the first time a City player had scored	scored	VERB	away	ADV	 away
Government offices began moving out as well, precipitating the economic decline of the Downtown Triangle in the 1970s. The advent of television precipitated the closure of most of the Triangle's cinemas. The Zion Cinema closed in 1972 and was demolished. In its place, a	a	DET	high	ADJ	 high
Much of the land in the Nescopeck Creek's watershed is forest. Farmland is common in the lower portions of the Nescopeck Creek watershed and the Little Nescopeck Creek watershed, while coal mines are more common on Nescopeck Creek's tributaries Black Creek, Stony Creek, and	and	CCONJ	Cranberry	PROPN	 Cranberry
She later attempted to impress music producer Timbaland by performing a song she claimed to have composed herself, looking for a spot in a video he was preparing and a possible future collaboration on a music project, but he turned her down. Massaro, with whom she	she	PRON	had	AUX	 had
Hershiser had been drafted by Dodgers in the 17th round of the 1979 MLB draft with the 440th overall selection. He made his professional debut with the Class A Dodger farm team in the Midwest League, the Clinton Dodgers in 1979. He made his MLB debut for	for	ADP	the	DET	 the
However, he chose to join Liverpool, who paid Leeds a £750,000 fee for him, in January 2005. Carson joined Liverpool on a four and a half year contract and was to provide competition for Jerzy Dudek for a first team place. He made his	his	PRON	first	ADJ	 first
These food storage workers are called repletes. For instance, these replete workers develop in the North American honeypot ant Myrmecocystus mexicanus. Usually the largest workers in the colony develop into repletes; and, if repletes are removed from the colony, other workers become repletes,	,	PUNCT	demonstrating	VERB	 demonstrating
, " the lyrics to which were written by Leslie Bricusse, but Donner disliked it and changed it to a composition accompanied by a voiceover. Maureen McGovern eventually recorded the single, " Can You Read My Mind?, " in 1979, although the song did	did	AUX	not	PART	 not
For his performance, USA Today named him a member of its All USA High School Baseball Team, and Baseball America named him the top infielder in Northern California as well as a second team All American. He committed to play college baseball at Arizona State University on	on	ADP	a	DET	 a
The Neolithic brought the first settled agricultural communities; their founders migrated from the Danube River area (from 5500 BCE). Later the native post Mesolithic populations also adopted and further developed the agricultural way of life (from 4400 to about 2000 BCE). The Pleistocene	Pleistocene	PROPN	colder	NOUN	 colder
In the story, a giant man eating great white shark attacks beachgoers on Amity Island, a fictional New England summer resort town, prompting the local police chief to hunt it with the help of a marine biologist and a professional shark hunter. The film stars Roy	Roy	PROPN	Scheider	PROPN	 Scheider
An individual running or mock charging can create seismic signals that can be heard at great distances. When detecting the seismics of an alarm call signalling danger from predators, elephants enter a defensive posture and family groups will pack together. Seismic waveforms produced by locomotion appear to	to	PART	travel	VERB	 travel
In 975, not long after the death of King Edgar, Oslac was banished from England. No reason is given by the Anglo Saxon Chronicle's report of his expulsion. Version C of the Anglo Saxon Chronicle describes the events thus: The valiant Oslac was driven	driven	VERB	from	ADP	 from
His ungovernable rages, delusions of grandeur, messianic claims, and dictatorial impulses had all become more extreme; but these violent excesses were not the only symptoms of his curious mental and moral decline. He had lost his shrewd appreciation of realities. His sense of direction	direction	NOUN	was	AUX	 was
Of unknown, or at least unclear origin, he embarked on a religious career in his early years, entering the Franciscan Order, studying in England and at the University of Paris. He preached and lectured on the Immaculate Conception, and rose to seniority under the	the	DET	patronage	NOUN	 patronage
While it shares a sense of prevailing entropy with the previous song on the album, " Gates of Eden ", the critique in " It's Alright, Ma (I'm Only Bleeding) " is more direct and less allusive. Author Michael Gray has commented	commented	VERB	that	SCONJ	 that
Singh, who had a Ghadarite cousin serving in the 23rd Cavalry, was able to infiltrate the leadership, being assigned to work in his cousin's regiment. Singh was soon under suspicion of being a spy, but was able to pass on the information regarding the	the	DET	date	NOUN	 date
After development, the depression steadily intensified while moving through the Bay of Bengal; rounding the ridge, it accelerated and turned more to the northwest. The IMD upgraded the system to a deep depression by 12: 00 UTC on November 7, and further to a	a	DET	cyclonic	ADJ	 cyclonic
Selections of the soundtrack are under license from Sony / ATV Music Publishing Company. Although Michael Jackson, who owned 50% of the publishing rights to the Beatles songs through Sony / ATV, died in June 2009, the sale of his estate did not affect the	the	DET	songs	NOUN	 songs
Singer looked towards thrillers of the 1940s and home movies shot by Eva Braun for inspiration. Shooting scenes at night was difficult because presenting historical accuracy of the era required blackouts. Sigel noted in real life, car headlights were used for the firing squad to aim at	at	ADP	and	CCONJ	 and
The judging panel was locked in a " fierce debate and quite bitter dissent " and eventually used a vote to decide on the winner. Geordie Greig said " it was not unpleasant, it was forthright ", stating " it's not like comparing apples and oranges	oranges	NOUN	–	PUNCT	 –
The Fifth Panzer Army was positioned directly opposite the American 28th Infantry Division. The third army which was to take part in the impending German offensive was General Erich Brandenberger's Seventh Army, which was tasked with protecting the Fifth Panzer Army's left flank and tying down	down	ADP	Allied	ADJ	 Allied
While at peak intensity, Nadia had well defined outflow and an eye no larger than 30 km (19 mi). At about 0100 UTC on March 23, Nadia made landfall on northern Madagascar near Vohemar, having weakened slightly from its peak. While located over	over	ADP	Madagascar	PROPN	 Madagascar
An early attempt to coordinate the various rebel groups took place when one of the leaders of the Antiochian uprising and Alawite notable, Najib al Arsuzi, developed contacts with rebel leaders from Jisr al Shughur and other areas. British forces withdrew from Syria to Transjordan and Palestine	Palestine	PROPN	in	ADP	 in
Ghazal also stated, " No Arabic children's television show was as popular and influential in the Middle East in the 1980s as Iftah Ya Sim Sim... That's because it offered an alternative way of learning that hardly existed in the Arab world at the time,	,	PUNCT	just	ADV	 just
Pećanac's force remained intact after the German occupation of Serbia and supplemented its strength from Serb refugees fleeing Macedonia and Kosovo. Pećanac's detachments fought against Albanian bands in the early summer of 1941. At this time and for a considerable time after, only detachments under	under	ADP	Pećanac	PROPN	 Pećanac
Cold air and the development of Hurricane Fox in the western Caribbean prevented re generation. The remnants continued northeastward into North Florida and deepened while producing strong gales along the coasts of North Carolina and Virginia. It is possible that the remnants lasted until October 8, when	when	SCONJ	it	PRON	 it
The team utilised interviews with former detainees and activists, existing press reports, and a copy of the facility's floor plan obtained from a member of the Department of Immigration. Kate Wild, an investigative journalist hired by the development team to conduct research, was able	able	ADJ	to	PART	 to
By 1926, he rallied with the People's League, and unsuccessfully asked Octavian Goga to assign him a candidature for a Parliamentary seat during the elections of that year. In January 1928, he again became pursuing a career in the diplomatic service, and sought an	an	DET	appointment	NOUN	 appointment
Picariello and Lassandra were convicted and sentenced to death by hanging. By the time of their executions in May 1923, public opinion was turning against prohibition. The sentiment that criminal activities such as Picariello's were the inevitable result of prohibition laws became a popular one,	,	PUNCT	as	SCONJ	 as
Embarrassed, Jane stood down as The Wica's high priestess, with leadership of the group falling to another married couple, Ria and David Farnham, who moved the covenstead to their home in the Bronx; involving a lengthy commute for most of the coven members,	,	PUNCT	Buczynski	PROPN	 Buczynski
Several of his peers regard him as the greatest player ever, although a temperamental streak sometimes leads to a lack of confidence or interest, and he has performed inconsistently throughout his controversial career thus far, with observers noting the ' two Ronnies ' aspect of his character	character	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
The video for the album's second single, " So Excited ", was directed by Joseph Kahn and portrayed Jackson's clothes disappearing through a complex dance routine. 20 Y.O. was certified platinum by the RIAA and sold 1.2 million worldwide, also receiving a Grammy nomination	nomination	NOUN	for	ADP	 for
She moved to Perth in Western Australia when she was ten after her parents decided they wanted to see what else the world had to offer, and graduated from high school there in 2010. As of 2013, she lives in Wanneroo, Western Australia. Merritt is	is	AUX	a	DET	 a
Conditions in the South West Pacific also led the Army to convert its six combat divisions to jungle divisions in early 1943 and 1944, reducing the authorised strength of the division by about 4,000 men. Each infantry battalion shed around 100 personnel as various support elements such as	as	ADP	the	DET	 the
It was demolished in 1952. Prior to the re routing of the canal in 1864, the Westgate line crossed the Holmes cut a little further to the west by a three arched bridge, the centre arch of which was 36 feet (11 m) long and	and	CCONJ	was	AUX	 was
Evra played over 85 minutes in the match. On 20 November, Evra scored his second Premier League goal in a 2 – 0 win at home against Wigan. On 21 February 2011, after weeks of negotiations, Evra signed a contract extension with Manchester United that	that	PRON	would	AUX	 would
This practice was particularly widespread in the chaos following the 2010 earthquake. While women migrants were vulnerable during this time, the situation of children was underscored because of the phenomenon of irregular adoptions (one facet of human trafficking) of supposed “ orphans ” through the Dominican	Dominican	PROPN	Republic	PROPN	 Republic
The use of Newton's Second Law as a definition of force has been disparaged in some of the more rigorous textbooks, because it is essentially a mathematical truism. Notable physicists, philosophers and mathematicians who have sought a more explicit definition of the concept of force include	include	VERB	Ernst	PROPN	 Ernst
Early versions of Covenant aliens appear in great numbers and loot what they can, and war erupts between them and the humans. Unable to match the technologically advanced alien race, the humans on the ring world resort to guerrilla warfare. This version of the game featured	featured	VERB	Halo	PROPN	 Halo
The episode was included on The X Files Mythology, Volume 4 – Super Soldiers, a DVD collection that contains installments involved with the alien " Super Soldiers " arc. The entry received mixed reviews by critics; the main reason for criticism was that, instead of	of	ADP	creating	VERB	 creating
Milner, in his time at the club, was described on the Newcastle United official website as " a good reader of the game ". One quality that is praised by commentators is Milner's awareness of players around him. He is a very tactically aware player	player	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
No No No... " served as the introduction for the Tangled Up Tour. During the first part of the performance, the girls were suspended on wires as they hovered in the air in black cloaks. As the song's chorus began, Girls Aloud removed their	their	PRON	cloaks	NOUN	 cloaks
Following commencement for Glitter and the release of the soundtrack's lead single " Loverboy ", Carey embarked on a short promotional campaign for the song and its parent album. On July 19, 2001, Carey made a surprise appearance on the MTV program Total Request Live	Live	PROPN	(	PUNCT	 (
Shaver emphasized the importance of conditioning and defense, lessons which the teenager appreciated. Soon, West became the captain of the freshman team and, during the summer of 1953, he grew to 6 ft 0 in (1.83 m). Eventually becoming the team's	's	PART	starting	VERB	 starting
As of 2016 the college is opening a campus, the Culinary Institute of America at Copia, which will house the CIA's new Food Business School. The college, which was outgrowing its St. Helena campus, purchased the northern portion of the property for $12.5	12.5	NUM	million	NUM	 million
Thus, they conclude, the Ming court won the power to rule Tibetan areas formerly under the rule of the Yuan dynasty. Journalist and author Thomas Laird, in his book The Story of Tibet: Conversations with the Dalai Lama, writes that Wang and Nyima present	present	VERB	the	DET	 the
The intermediate " dumbbell " position may lead to a variety of final adatom and surface atom displacements. Long range atomic exchange is a process involving an adatom inserting into the surface as in the normal atomic exchange mechanism, but instead of a nearest neighbor atom it is	is	AUX	an	DET	 an
Colin Firth won an Academy Award for Best Actor for his performance as George VI in The King's Speech, a 2010 film that won the Academy Award for Best Picture. 14 December 1895 – 28 May 1898: His Highness Prince Albert of York 28 May 1898	1898	NUM	–	PUNCT	 –
The prototype features a playable section of a level titled " Hidden Palace Zone ", a level cut shortly before release. Naka said of the level: The basic idea was about the same as it was in Sonic & Knuckles. You'd encounter the stage through	through	ADP	normal	ADJ	 normal
The album spawned two singles, " Hymn 43 " and " Locomotive Breath ". After an American tour in 1970, bass player Glenn Cornick was fired from the band, and was replaced with Jeffrey Hammond, an old friend of Ian Anderson's. Aqualung would	would	AUX	be	AUX	 be
In recent years, Andrew Cook has continued attempts to rehabilitate Albert Victor's reputation, arguing that his lack of academic progress was partly due to the incompetence of his tutor, Dalton; that he was a warm and charming man; that there is no tangible evidence	evidence	NOUN	that	SCONJ	 that
North of Grand Ledge, I 96 ended and US 16 followed Wright Road off the freeway to Grand River Avenue. From there east, US 16 resumed its historic routing into the city of Lansing. Grand River Avenue carried the highway past the Capital City Airport and	and	CCONJ	east	PROPN	 east
The function of these is unknown. The hippo's jaw is powered by a large masseter and a well developed digastric; the latter loops up behind the former to the hyoid. The jaw hinge is located far back enough to allow the animal to open its mouth	mouth	NOUN	at	ADP	 at
Nelthorpe was handed a new one year contract at Doncaster in July 2008. He rejoined Gateshead on a three month loan in August 2008, which he completed in November with 15 appearances and one goal. He was released by Doncaster at his own request on 13 January	January	PROPN	2009	NUM	 2009
The Appletons were prominent Whigs, in contrast with the Pierces ' Democratic affiliation. Jane was shy, devoutly religious, and pro temperance, encouraging Pierce to abstain from alcohol. She was somewhat gaunt, and constantly ill from tuberculosis and psychological ailments. She abhorred politics	politics	NOUN	and	CCONJ	 and
, Director of Authority (DOA) Dusty Rhodes announced that all matches at Lockdown would be held inside a six sided steel structure known as the Six Sides of Steel. TNA followed up with a press release through their website that confirmed this. TNA issued a parental	parental	ADJ	advisory	NOUN	 advisory
Ali Mardan Khan built the garden in 1632, and is built in such a way that the spring water is the source of fountains. From the fountains, water flows along the floor of the pavilion and cascades to a lower terrace over a drop of 5 metres	metres	NOUN	(	PUNCT	 (
Bansk wrote, " Although White Zombie is a film with courage, a film difficult not to admire, its ambitions overstep competence of its principal players. " White Zombie premiered on July 28, 1932, in New York City's Rivoli Theatre. The film received	received	VERB	a	DET	 a
An accident on the M4 motorway trigged more chaos; this led to requests for the game to be delayed, but South Wales Police were confident they could get everyone seated in time. Network Rail later apologised for the delay. Chelsea set up in a 4 –	–	SYM	1	NUM	 1
Lightning general manager Steve Yzerman praised St. Louis ' importance to the organization when announcing the signing: " Marty means so much to this franchise, both on and off the ice. His hard work and dedication are unsurpassed and we are thrilled that he will finish his	his	PRON	career	NOUN	 career
Earlier it had expressed enthusiasm for a general strike, more likely as an expression of solidarity than a declaration of serious intent. It collected the votes of its constituent unions and on September 12 announced it was delaying a decision. Their statement explained their reasoning: "	"	PUNCT	We	PRON	 We
Emperor Francis died on 18 August 1765, while he and the court were in Innsbruck celebrating the wedding of his second son, Leopold. Maria Theresa was devastated. Their eldest son, Joseph, became Holy Roman Emperor. Maria Theresa abandoned all ornamentation, had her	her	PRON	hair	NOUN	 hair
Oroshi are also played as a part of theatrical performance, such as in Noh theater. Drums are not the only instruments played in the ensemble; other Japanese instruments are also used. Other kinds of percussion instruments include the atarigane (当り鉦), a hand sized	sized	ADJ	gong	NOUN	 gong
As such, the different molecules with known megamasers will be addressed individually. Arp 220 hosts the first megamaser discovered, is the nearest ultraluminous infrared galaxy, and has been studied in great detail at many wavelengths. For this reason, it is the prototype of hydroxyl	hydroxyl	PROPN	megamaser	PROPN	 megamaser
He was killed by French musket fire in the morning mist near Schänis, in Canton of St. Gallen on 25 September 1799. Friedrich Hotze was the second son of Johannes Hotze, a doctor and surgeon in Hessian military service and his Zürich born wife, Juditha Gessner	Gessner	PROPN	.	PUNCT	.
He ended the campaign with ten goals in 45 appearances, helping the club to secure a ninth place finish in League One. " I want to thank Jennison for his efforts while he has been at the club. He has been terrific. At times he has	has	AUX	been	AUX	 been
The filmmakers then engaged newcomer N. Viswanathan, a Tamil professor from Calcutta. After some footage featuring him was shot, the makers were again unconvinced with Viswanathan's work; they dismissed him and replaced him with Sivaji Ganesan. Meiyappan had introduced Ganesan in Parasakthi (1952	1952	NUM	)	PUNCT	)
Back at the office that Monday, Lasseter assembled the company in a screening room and pitched the revised version of Toy Story 2 from exposition to resolution. Story elements were recycled from the original drafts of the first Toy Story. The original film's original opening sequence	sequence	NOUN	featured	VERB	 featured
He graduated in June 1897 with an A.B. degree. Truett would later serve as a Baylor trustee from 1934 to 1939. Truett accepted the position of pastor of the First Baptist Church in Dallas in September 1897, a position he would hold until his death. During	During	ADP	his	PRON	 his
In the 7th century, it again came under Egyptian control, but during the Persian period (6th 4th centuries BCE) it enjoyed a certain independence and flourished. In 529 BCE, Cambyses I unsuccessfully attacked Gaza and later, around 520 BCE, the Greeks established	established	VERB	a	DET	 a
Ring did most of his work in the non Test first class matches, in which he sent down 3,088 deliveries. This was second only to Johnston, who bowled 3,251. In contrast, Lindwall and Miller sent down only 2,105 and 1,749 deliveries outside the Tests respectively	respectively	ADV	,	PUNCT	,
In addition, a number of 1944 nickels are known without the large " P " mintmark. These were produced in 1954 by Francis LeRoy Henning, who also made counterfeit nickels with at least four other dates. When it became known that the Denver Mint had struck	struck	VERB	only	ADV	 only
Woolly mammoths were very important to ice age humans, and human survival may have depended on the mammoth in some areas. Evidence for such coexistence was not recognised until the 19th century. William Buckland published his discovery of the Red Lady of Paviland skeleton in 1823,	,	PUNCT	which	PRON	 which
Two 3.5 mm jacks connect the ZX81 to the EAR (output) and MIC (input) sockets of an audio cassette recorder, enabling data to be saved or loaded at a rate of 50 bauds. This provides a somewhat temperamental storage medium for the machine,	,	PUNCT	which	PRON	 which
West Ekonk was the fourth ship built under a USSB contract that called for Skinner & Eddy to deliver 14 ships at a cost of $1,672,000 each, but the cost of extras during her construction added $35,268. Skinner & Eddy received a $69,200 bonus for	for	ADP	West	PROPN	 West
In response, the President of the Local Government Board, Charles Ritchie, proposed the matter be resolved by way of a provisional order bill in the next parliamentary session and that he would undertake to introduce such a bill. William Woodall, MP for Hanley, supported	supported	VERB	the	DET	 the
Fanshawe's administrative reforms were considered excellent, and his work continued to be used as the standard until the 1830s. Exchequer business increased under James and Charles I, before the English Civil War disrupted the courts. With the increasing use of the Writ of Quominus,	,	PUNCT	which	PRON	 which
It was reported in 2011 that Kenyatta has recruited British lawyers Steven Kay and Gillian Higgins, who previously defended Slobodan Milosevic at the International Criminal Tribunal for the former Yugoslavia, to lead his legal team. Francis Muthaura initially appointed another British lawyer, Karim Ahmad Khan,	,	PUNCT	who	PRON	 who
Matthew and Luke also share some content not found in Mark. To explain this, many scholars believe that in addition to Mark, another source (commonly called the " Q source ") was used by the two authors. According to a broad scholarly consensus,	,	PUNCT	the	DET	 the
" The society left many lasting impacts upon the town of Romney during its existence and beyond, which included the foundation of a library; the academic and financial support and patronage of the Romney Academy, Romney Classical Institute, and the Potomac Seminary; the civic leadership	leadership	NOUN	during	ADP	 during
Beatty ordered his battlecruisers to make all practicable speed to catch the Germans before they could escape. The leading ships, Lion, Princess Royal and Tiger, were doing 27 knots (50 km / h; 31 mph) in pursuit and Lion opened fire at 8	8	NUM	:	SYM	:
The Penguins would complete an epic playoff collapse, as they dropped Game 7 to the Rangers, and headed home without a prize for the 5th straight season. This also marked the 5th straight season the Penguins would be eliminated by a lower seeded team. The team	team	NOUN	's	PART	's
Damage across its path totaled about $3 million (1950 USD, $26.8 million 2009 USD). The exact origins of Hurricane Dog are obscure, due to sparse ship and land observations over the eastern Atlantic Ocean; the storm may have originated from an easterly	easterly	ADJ	wave	NOUN	 wave
Plans for entering the embassy by battering the front door and ground floor windows were quickly scrapped and work began on other ideas. Oan, angered by the BBC's incorrect reporting of his demands the previous evening, contacted the police negotiators shortly after 06: 00 and	and	CCONJ	accused	VERB	 accused
The Great Gatsby (2013), by Baz Luhrmann – starring Leonardo DiCaprio, Tobey Maguire, Carey Mulligan, and Joel Edgerton. Affluenza (2014), a modern adaptation set among Long Island teenagers in the midst of the 2008 economic recession. The Double Bind	Bind	PROPN	(	PUNCT	 (
In May Property Week reported that the new stadium in Denbigh would be cancelled if Wimbledon F.C. were wound up. Richard Foreman, a director of the consortium's development consultant, denied this, saying that the project would continue with " the total support of the council	council	NOUN	"	PUNCT	 "
The two men collaborated on fourteen comic operas between 1871 and 1896, of which H.M.S. Pinafore, The Pirates of Penzance and The Mikado are among the best known. Gilbert, who wrote the words, created fanciful " topsy turvy " worlds for these operas where each	each	DET	absurdity	NOUN	 absurdity
In April 1999 Combs was charged with assault as a result of an incident with Steve Stoute of Interscope Records. Stoute was the manager for Nas, with whom Combs had filmed a video earlier that year for the song " Hate Me Now ". Combs was concerned	concerned	VERB	that	SCONJ	 that
The idea of using little girls came out of brainstorming, but was controversial and shocking within the team at first, recognizing that they could easily be killed and make the game more horrific in the style of Night Trap. However, as Levine worked on the story	story	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
In " Putin Zassal ", Pussy Riot had stated " The Orthodox Religion is a hardened penis / Coercing its subjects to accept conformity ", among other examples of the group's antagonism to the Church as an organization, which it views as corrupt. Thus central	central	ADJ	issues	NOUN	 issues
Inglis views part of the second verse as a reference to the " abuse and humiliation " that Harrison had received at Twickenham, echoing the sentiments of " Wah Wah ". In the verse two lines " Another day for you to realize me / Or send me	me	PRON	down	ADP	 down
Alexios offered to reunite the Byzantine church with Rome, pay the crusaders 200,000 silver marks, join the crusade and provide all the supplies they needed to get to Egypt. Innocent was aware of a plan to divert the Crusade to Constantinople and forbade any attack on the	the	DET	city	NOUN	 city
The operation was arranged between Generale designato d'armata (acting General) Mario Roatta, commander of the Italian Second Army, and Chetnik commander (vojvoda) Ilija Trifunović Birčanin with approval of Chetnik leader Draža Mihailović. It was carried out in coordination with the Germans and included	included	VERB	elements	NOUN	 elements
The Hungarian Polish union lasted for twelve years and ended in war. After Louis ' death in 1382 and an ensuing power struggle, the Polish nobility decided that Jadwiga, Louis ' youngest daughter, should become the next " King of Poland "; Jadwiga arrived in	in	ADP	1384	NUM	 1384
The channel between Sumatra and Malaysia was not as significant a barrier for the rhinos as the Barisan Mountains along the length of Sumatra, for rhinos in eastern Sumatra and Peninsular Malaysia are more closely related than the rhinos on the other side of the mountains in western Sumatra	Sumatra	PROPN	.	PUNCT	.
De la Noue sent reinforcements there to content the assault, but they arrived too late to prevent the Walloons from laying their bridge over the moat and began to climb the rampart, starting a close combat with the Dutch troops. In the meantime, the Spanish and	and	CCONJ	German	ADJ	 German
Although the Joliot Curies ' experiment involved bombarding a sample of 27Al with alpha particles to produce the radioactive 30P, Fermi realized that using neutrons, which have no electrical charge, would most likely produce even better results than the positively charged alpha particles. Accordingly, in	in	ADP	March	PROPN	 March
The Withering shifted the Earth into a new orbit, resulting in disruption to the seasons and a reformed calendar. Every day of the week is now 25 hours long except for Thursday (which, due to time anomalies, has not occurred in over a decade)	)	PUNCT	,	PUNCT	,
Similarly, a gene's introns can be much larger than its exons. Regulatory regions can even be on entirely different chromosomes and operate in trans to allow regulatory regions on one chromosome to come in contact with target genes on another chromosome. Early work in molecular genetics	genetics	NOUN	suggested	VERB	 suggested
In 1535, Henry added the " supremacy phrase " to the royal style, which became " Henry the Eighth, by the Grace of God, King of England and France, Defender of the Faith, Lord of Ireland and of the Church of England in Earth	Earth	PROPN	Supreme	PROPN	 Supreme
At the age of ten he was sent to school in Asunción where he stayed with his uncle, Hermenegildo Roa, the liberal bishop of Asunción. His uncle's extensive personal library provided the young Roa Bastos with his first exposure to the classical Spanish literature of the	the	DET	Baroque	PROPN	 Baroque
The oldest known coal balls date from the Namurian stage of the Carboniferous; they were found in Germany and on the territory of former Czechoslovakia. The first scientific description of coal balls was made in 1855 by Sir Joseph Dalton Hooker and Edward William Binney, who reported	reported	VERB	on	ADP	 on
" In Rolling Stone, Gavin Edwards called it " a thirty five minute dance party full of surprises and strange noises ", writing that it " sounds like the Great Missing DJ Set — albeit one played by live musicians with perfect telepathy. " i D magazine	magazine	NOUN	's	PART	's
The season has no official bounds but cyclones tend to form between April and December. These dates conventionally delimit the period of each year when most tropical cyclones form in the northern Indian Ocean. There are two main seas in the North Indian Ocean — the Bay of	of	ADP	Bengal	PROPN	 Bengal
Whedon graduated from Wesleyan University in 1987, where he was awarded an honorary Doctor of Letters in 2013. There, he also studied under renowned academic Richard Slotkin. After leaving Wesleyan, Whedon came up with the first incarnation of Buffy Summers, " Rhonda, the	the	DET	Immortal	PROPN	 Immortal
Harry feigns friendliness while he gets the shotgun out of his desk drawer. He blasts Ray through a sliding glass door. Ray ’ s detached arm begins to rebuild itself with metal. Harry is transfixed by this sight as Ray kills him. The next morning,	,	PUNCT	Doggett	PROPN	 Doggett
Metamorphosis occurs some 16 – 40 days from the hatching, when the fully grown protoconch is about 1.2 mm high. After the metamorphosis, L. gigas individuals spend the rest of their lives in the benthic zone (on or in the sediment surface), usually remaining	remaining	AUX	buried	VERB	 buried
Phenomenology is a method of inquiry that attempts to examine the structure of consciousness in its own right, putting aside problems regarding the relationship of consciousness to the physical world. This approach was first proposed by the philosopher Edmund Husserl, and later elaborated by other philosophers and	and	CCONJ	scientists	NOUN	 scientists
This monument was completed before the end of the war and erected alongside the main road between Bulawayo and Gwelo, near the bridge over the Shangani River. A memorial to the actions of Hull, Falkson and Lydekker at Bodø was built at the town's airport three	three	NUM	decades	NOUN	 decades
" Jones had previously been arrested on January 24, 2008, on a trespass related charge. According to his father, Jones received his diploma from Jena High School because he had completed his school work before his arrest. He moved out of Jena and was working	working	VERB	in	ADP	 in
Tor Nessling resigned from Yhteissisu in February 1947. There was talk of closing the company. Yhteissisu sold only 103 S 22s in 1947, some of which had been produced the previous year. 55 lorries were built by the company in 1947. The company's share	share	NOUN	capital	NOUN	 capital
York lost 4 – 2 in a penalty shoot out after a 1 – 1 extra time draw, although Challinor was successful in converting his penalty. He finished the 2012 – 13 season with 22 appearances before being released by York on 30 April 2013. Challinor re	re	AUX	signed	VERB	 signed
Non degree seeking students have access to resources through Harvard's Grossman Library, electronic resources through the Harvard Libraries Portal and select computer facilities. A professor at both the Extension School and Harvard College has opined that the open enrollment system " ' give [s] a	a	DET	lot	NOUN	 lot
The first vehicle to be bought by Tillingbourne was a single deck Chevrolet with 14 seats, which entered service on the launch of the company's first route in 1924. It was joined by a similar Overland Automobile bus later in the year. Two further vehicles had	had	AUX	been	AUX	 been
The island was the final remaining French colony in the Americas, following the systematic invasion and capture of the others during 1809 by British forces. During the Napoleonic Wars, the French colonies had provided protected harbours for French privateers and warships, which could prey on the	the	DET	numerous	ADJ	 numerous
These inscriptions belonging to the 1st century CE record the grants made by the chieftain Atiyaman Netuman Anci who ruled from Takatur. According to epigraphist I. Mahadevan, there were some reservations initially, about the linguistic details in the inscriptions, but further investigations have confirmed their authenticity	authenticity	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
Even flightless birds still retain flight feathers, though sometimes in radically modified forms. The moult of their flight feathers can cause serious problems for birds, as it can impair their ability to fly. Different species have evolved different strategies for coping with this, ranging from	from	ADP	dropping	VERB	 dropping
" Additionally, the musical number predicts that one of Hercules ' most difficult challenges will be trying to change Meg's opinion of him. Writing for The Daily Dot, Aja Romano cited the song as Meg's " I Want " song. At a length of	of	ADP	two	NUM	 two
It was later determined that one of the flight attendants had used the bottled oxygen supply and his pilot's training to attempt to bring the plane down to a lower altitude, but also ultimately perished from a lack of oxygen. All 121 people on board died.	.	PUNCT	The	DET	 The
The opening and ending theme song single " Bravely You / Yakeochinai Tsubasa " debuted at No. 4 on Japan's Oricon weekly singles chart, selling over 23,000 copies in its first week of sales. How Low Hello's single " Rakuen Made / Hatsunetsu Days "	"	PUNCT	debuted	VERB	 debuted
He developed his thoughts like a sermon, as the Bach scholar Alfred Dürr notes: mentioning that the arrival of Jesus brings blessing every day (movement 2), a prayer that Jesus may come to his congregation (movement 2), and in response to his	his	PRON	statement	NOUN	 statement
If women express a desire to leave the sex industry, JC's Girls attempts to support them in doing so. JC's Girls aims to convey to women in the sex industry that Jesus loves them, that they are beautiful, and that they have dignity.	.	PUNCT	Its	PRON	 Its
Sometimes a sally port was included; this could allow the garrison to leave the castle and engage besieging forces. It was usual for the latrines to empty down the external walls of a castle and into the surrounding ditch. According to historian Charles Coulson the accumulation of	of	ADP	wealth	NOUN	 wealth
Herriman, having learned a valuable lesson from the experience, creates a new Fair Chore Act to divide the chores between the imaginary friends and thus give Frankie a well deserved break from her job. All the imaginary friends in the house are free to travel in and	and	CCONJ	out	ADP	 out
They also allowed the least runs of any team in the league. Four of their starters recorded at least 15 wins and closer Jason Isringhausen recorded a league best 47 saves. They added outfielder Larry Walker in August and finished the regular season with the best win –	–	PUNCT	loss	NOUN	 loss
" Following their Star Search audition, Johnny and the Moondogs changed their name to Japage 3 (combining letters from each of the member's names: John, Paul, and George). Lennon had a friend from art school, named Derek Hodkin, who owned	owned	VERB	a	DET	 a
Ste almost shakes Lucas, so Daniel convinces him to give his son up. The truth is revealed, Daniel is arrested and later released, he and Abi leave the village. Amy returns and slowly begins to bond with her children again. They move into their	their	PRON	old	ADJ	 old
Rubha an Dùnain, today an uninhabited peninsula to the south of the Cuillin hills on Skye, contains the small Loch na h Airde, which is connected to the sea by a short artificial canal. This loch was an important site for maritime activity for many centuries	centuries	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
Since its creation in 1997 the constituency's Member of Parliament has been a member of the Labour Party, Kate Green being the present incumbent. At 53° 25′ 12 ″ N 2° 25′ 48 ″ W (53.42, − 2.43), Partington lies west	west	ADV	of	ADP	 of
The Riverside Football Club, founded in 1899, played some matches at the Arms Park until 1910, when they moved to Ninian Park, and later became Cardiff City Football Club. On 31 May 1989, Wales played its first international game against West Germany at the	the	DET	National	PROPN	 National
Nora, who had married Joyce in London in 1931, survived him by 10 years. She is buried by his side, as is their son Giorgio, who died in 1976. The issue of Joyce's relationship with religion is somewhat controversial. Early in life	life	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
At the start of the 1999 – 2000 season, Arsenal ended its long standing kit sponsorship with JVC. The club signed a three year deal with SEGA as replacement, worth £10 million. The SEGA Dreamcast name was carried on the home kit, while SEGA	SEGA	PROPN	was	AUX	 was
In 1654, Du Tertre stated that the flesh was tough to eat, and that some considered it unpalatable and even poisonous. He wrote that he and the other inhabitants often consumed it, and that he experienced no ill effects from it. He also stated that	that	SCONJ	the	DET	 the
GameSpot editor Ryan Davis complimented the multiplayer aspect and the fitness test. Reviewers praised the game's controls and ease of use. Casamassina referred to the controls as " revolutionary " and described them as intuitive. GamePro echoed similar comments, praising the ease of play and	and	CCONJ	realistic	ADJ	 realistic
The roads reconstructed as part of the project were added to the state highway system on January 11, 1921, as unsigned State Highway 1525 (SH 1525). The east – west portion of SH 1525 was designated as part of NY 25 in the mid 1920s	1920s	NOUN	;	PUNCT	;
The track was produced by George Martin for McCartney's album, Pipes of Peace. The song was recorded during production of McCartney's 1982 Tug of War album, about a year before the release of " The Girl Is Mine ", the pair's first duet	duet	NOUN	from	ADP	 from
He joined the Scharnhorst, the Stahlhelm's youth organisation as a small boy in the 1930s, and later the Hitler Youth when the Nazis came to power in 1933. Influenced by his family's values, he felt that Nazism was advantageous to Germany and believed that	that	SCONJ	the	DET	 the
Both the United States and West Virginia state flags are to be flown over the West Virginia State Capitol building year round. Any United States or West Virginia state flag purchased with state funds must be manufactured in the United States; and West Virginia county boards of education	education	NOUN	must	AUX	 must
Accurate demographic information for Monifieth is complicated by the town's inclusion in the Dundee locality in the 2001 census. Estimates from 2008 put the population at 8,220. Almost 2,400 Monifieth residents (approximately 29% of the population) travel to work or study in Dundee.	.	PUNCT	Assuming	VERB	 Assuming
American and both South and North Vietnamese forces directly participated (at one time or another) in the fighting. The U.S. assisted the central government with massive U.S. aerial bombing campaigns and direct material and financial aid. After five years of savage fighting, the Republican government	government	NOUN	was	AUX	 was
Her music has mainly dealt with themes of heartbreak, independence, and self empowerment for women; by doing so, she became " a brokenhearted symbol of a strong but decidedly single woman ", according to Out magazine's Judy Wieder. Goldmine magazine's Phill Marder	Marder	PROPN	credited	VERB	 credited
The French economic theory of physiocracy made a particularly strong impression on his thinking. He also developed his artistic skills, and while his career would take him in a different direction, all his life he continued drawing and painting. In the First Partition of the Polish	Polish	ADJ	–	PUNCT	 –
The second example applies to new, buggy friendly vehicles on route 22, with the branding 22 Connect: Gyle + Edinburgh Park, City Centre, Ocean Terminal The base colour here is pink. A third example was applied to bus 720 on route 3, with	with	ADP	the	DET	 the
Gerrick Kennedy of the Los Angeles Times noted that in previous reviews, he had " never been shy of [his] disdain for Mrs. Schuester ", but that his hatred of Terri " vanished " once the lie was over, praising the confrontation between Will and	and	CCONJ	Terri	PROPN	 Terri
For 33 years the fate of the Andrée expedition remained one of the unsolved riddles of the Arctic. The chance discovery in 1930 of the expedition's last camp created a media sensation in Sweden, where the dead men had been mourned and idolized. Andrée's motives	motives	NOUN	have	AUX	 have
He previously held the offices of abbot of St Albans Abbey and Bishop of Ramsbury, as well as likely being the abbot of Abingdon Abbey. After his election to Canterbury, he continued to hold the bishopric of Ramsbury along with the archbishopric of Canterbury until his death	death	NOUN	in	ADP	 in
Taube received honorary degrees from many institutions, including the University of Saskatchewan (1973), the University of Chicago (1983), the Polytechnic Institute of New York (1984), the State University of New York Stony Brook (1985), the University of	of	ADP	Guelph	PROPN	 Guelph
The eponymous hero of the series was what academic Jeremy Packer called an " anti Bond ", or what Christoph Lindner calls " the thinking man's Bond ". The Palmer series were produced by Harry Saltzman, who also used key crew members from the Bond series	series	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
In 1996 a group of Japanese and French astronomers discovered that Pleione is a single lined spectroscopic binary with an orbital period of 218.0 days and a large eccentricity of 0.6. The Washington Double Star Catalogue lists an angular separation between the two components of 0.2 arcseconds — an	an	DET	angle	NOUN	 angle
Eleven players were inducted into that category, but in 2000, the Board of Directors eliminated it; the players who had been inducted under this category were merged into the player category. Candidates for membership in the Hockey Hall of Fame are nominated by an 18 person	person	NOUN	selection	NOUN	 selection
Despite becoming primarily used for advertising, One Times Square continued to house tenants in its ground level floors: in the late 1990s, a Warner Bros. retail store filled the first three floors. In early 2006, the floors were occupied by a J. C. Penney pop	pop	VERB	up	ADP	 up
Between Giants Seat locks and Ringley Bridge two locks had been erected, with a small section of canal to be broadened before becoming navigable. From Ringley Bridge to Prestolee Aqueduct one lock had been erected. Nob End Locks were still under construction but mostly complete, although	although	SCONJ	the	DET	 the
In 2014, several Oneworld airlines signed codeshare agreements with Mexican carrier Interjet. Oneworld has stated that it is interested in recruiting an airline from Mexico, preferably Interjet. This would fill in the void left by Mexicana de Aviación in 2010. LAN Airlines is among the	the	DET	airlines	NOUN	 airlines
Homer then tries to apologize to Gibson, but he does not blame him, arriving to the conclusion there is no place for violence lovers like them in Hollywood; however, as soon as Homer suggests more nonsensical film ideas, Gibson kicks him out of his limousine	limousine	NOUN	and	CCONJ	 and
Another order, the Physarales, was unusually rare — other studies have demonstrated that the order is typically abundant on the bark of various species of tree around the world. All banksias have developed proteoid or cluster roots in response to the nutrient poor conditions of Australian soils	soils	NOUN	(	PUNCT	 (
Romualdas ' father, Pranas Marcinkus, served as a policeman in Jurbarkas, Tauragė, and Rumšiškės. His mother, Honorata Kroazė Marcinkienė, came from an urban family of French origins. Marcinkus ' cousin, Vanda Kroazė Šestakauskienė, stated that the Kroazė family's origins	origins	NOUN	in	ADP	 in
Additionally, the number of destroyed houses was overestimated, only to be revised downward owing to before and after satellite images and interviews with survivors. After the Mameyes landslide, about 150 people, including National Guardsmen, worked to locate bodies with the assistance of six rescue	rescue	NOUN	dogs	NOUN	 dogs
On July 15, Pressey was waived by the Celtics. On July 24, 2015, Pressey signed with the Portland Trail Blazers, but was waived on October 23 after appearing in four preseason games. On October 25, he was claimed off waivers by the Utah	Utah	PROPN	Jazz	PROPN	 Jazz
This marked an ultimately terminal weakening of Norse power in Scotland. Haakon retreated to Orkney, where he died in December 1263, entertained on his death bed by recitations of the sagas. Following this ill fated expedition, all rights that the Norwegian crown " had of	of	ADP	old	ADJ	 old
While Tucker travels the country, Bennington and directors change the design of Tucker's car to a more conventional design, eliminating the safety and engineering advances Tucker was advertising. At the same time, Tucker faces animosity from the Big Three and the authorities led by Michigan	Michigan	PROPN	Senator	PROPN	 Senator
He re signed for McLaren for the 1984 season within days and moved his family home to Switzerland after Renault factory workers burned the second of 2 of Prost's cars, one of them being a Mercedes Benz. 1984 The Frenchman joined double world champion Niki Lauda at	at	ADP	McLaren	PROPN	 McLaren
George Sr. also faces onslaught from the outside world; the press begins looking for him in Iraq, fumigators surround the house while he's still in the attic, and Kitty returns to steal a sample of his semen to make her own Bluth baby. Buster	Buster	PROPN	meanwhile	ADV	 meanwhile
A further oddity is that the decree did not limit the use of election to a one time exigency. The citizens of Paraguay used the decree to elect a governor, and would use it many more times to not merely elect replacement governors, but also to depose	depose	VERB	disliked	VERB	 disliked
Misch's daughter, Brigitta, learned through her maternal grandmother that Gerda was of Jewish descent. However, Gerda never mentioned it and her father refused to acknowledge it. Brigitta became an architect and has supported Jewish causes. After the release of the 2004 German film	film	NOUN	Downfall	PROPN	 Downfall
After a lengthy and contentious debate between the two, the province brought in former York Region CAO Alan Wells as a mediator in 2007. In September 2010, York announced that it had reached a compromise to construct a discontinuous route, with Donald Cousens Parkway ending at	at	ADP	the	DET	 the
It first aired on the Fox network in the United States on November 17, 1996. Mr. Burns ' long lost son Larry returns and although they at first get along well, Mr. Burns begins to see that his son has turned out to be an oaf.	.	PUNCT	It	PRON	 It
If the governor's objection had stood the project would have been abandoned and a new site chosen. In August 2004, the repository became an election issue, when Senator John Kerry (D) said that he would abandon the plans if elected. In March 2005	2005	NUM	,	PUNCT	,
They decide to experiment with Max's power at Chloe's secret hideout, a scrapyard. However, this strains Max and results in her having a nosebleed and fainting. Chloe takes her back to Blackwell Academy. During class, everyone is called out to the courtyard	courtyard	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
An alternative implementation uses a weaving engine that uses breakpoints to halt execution at the pointcut, select an appropriate method, embed it into the application, and continue. The use of breakpoints in this manner has been shown to reduce performance due to a very large number	number	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
Chastain shared her role with Helen Mirren — both actresses portraying the character at different phases of her life. They worked together before filming to perfect the voice and mannerisms of the character and make them consistent. In addition, Chastain took classes in German and krav maga	maga	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
In Southern Africa populations appear to be resident and the bird is very much associated with man, his habitations and pastures. It favours irrigated land and is absent from regions where the ground is baked so dry that it can not probe for insects. It may compete	compete	VERB	with	ADP	 with
Single cell thunderstorms form in environments of low vertical wind shear and last only 20 – 30 minutes. Organized thunderstorms and thunderstorm clusters / lines can have longer life cycles as they form in environments of significant vertical wind shear, which aids the development of stronger updrafts as	as	ADV	well	ADV	 well
The band reached a low point when the band engaged in a fight on a Nebraska date after SnoCore's conclusion. Shortly after the conclusion of SnoCore was a short minitour along the western coast, most notably Southern California, the band's favorite place to play.	.	PUNCT	The	DET	 The
Bath stone is still used on a reduced scale today, but more often as a cladding rather than a structural material. Further south, Hamstone is the colloquial name given to stone from Ham Hill, which is also widely used in the construction industry. Blue Lias	Lias	PROPN	has	AUX	 has
The two reconcile in " Media Blitz ", which Schur described as a " key moment " in their relationship, " almost like Andy's a Knight of the Round Table, and he's got a lot of different obstacles that he's got to overcome in	in	ADP	order	NOUN	 order
A small temperature increase of only a few degrees can have almost immediate and adverse effect on tropical glaciers. Near the Equator, ice is still found in East Africa, the Andes of South America and New Guinea. The retreat of equatorial glaciers has been documented via	via	ADP	maps	NOUN	 maps
Oriented roughly east to west, it was 21.5 metres (71 ft) long and 8.5 metres (28 ft) wide with the main entrance from the west and a second smaller one in the north wall. When the castle was remodelled in the early 13th century	century	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
As a state trunkline, M 247 runs north from M 13 before turning to access the park, a distance of 3.036 miles (4.886 km). The highway carries just over 6,000 vehicles a day on average. The roadway has been part of the state trunkline	trunkline	NOUN	highway	NOUN	 highway
The chapel was dedicated to the Assumption of the Blessed Virgin Mary and St Katherine. It is now used by the chaplain of Wells Cathedral School. The interior is decorated with 19th century gesso work by Heywood Sumner. The residences are built of stone from the Mercia	Mercia	PROPN	Mudstone	PROPN	 Mudstone
The resultant design was named Tu 142 and had features in common with the Tu 95RT. The ventral and dorsal gun turrets were removed, as was the large dielectric radome housing the Uspeh radar system, which was replaced by a thermal imaging system located in a smaller	smaller	ADJ	fairing	NOUN	 fairing
The farmhouse was built in the late 17th century and still stands, but otherwise today Shuart is considered a deserted medieval village. The site of All Saints ' Church, Shuart, was recorded on Ordnance Survey maps in the 19th century, and was confirmed in the	the	DET	mid	ADJ	 mid
The series revolves around Dexter (voiced by Christine Cavanaugh in seasons 1 – 3; Candi Milo in seasons 3 – 4), a bespectacled boy genius who possesses a secret laboratory hidden behind a bookcase in his bedroom. The laboratory is filled with Dexter's inventions	inventions	NOUN	and	CCONJ	 and
To place this number in context, in a hierarchy of twenty official ranks, the lowest paid official earned the rank and salary of 100 bushels and the highest paid official earned 10,000 bushels during the Han. The 600 bushel rank was the lowest the emperor could directly	directly	ADV	appoint	VERB	 appoint
Scoring increased 10% league wide; four of six teams topped 200 goals, the first time teams did so. In the early 1960s, Stan Mikita inadvertently introduced the curved blade to a hockey stick. Cracking his blade during a practice and not wanting to retrieve	retrieve	VERB	another	PRON	 another
The medley ended with a performance of " Sometimes " for which she donned a bathrobe. She returned to the stage wearing a tank top with glittery tomboy looking suspenders and pants for a dance oriented performance of " Boys ". The show continued with " Stronger "	"	PUNCT	,	PUNCT	,
The Bolen family is the subject of the series ' yearly mystery. " Nice Is Different Than Good " enacted the long running storylines of Katherine's (Dana Delany) nervous breakdown, Lynette's (Felicity Huffman) attempts to conceal her pregnancy, and the Fairview	Fairview	PROPN	serial	ADJ	 serial
According to women's captain Lisa Forrest, Tonelli adopted populist tactics in championing the athletes ' cause. He said that Fraser was sending " wheat to feed the Russian army, wool to clothe the army and Australian metal to make Russian guns ", saying that this	this	PRON	contradicted	VERB	 contradicted
However, Núñez only played shortstop during spring training. Jeter began the season on the disabled list, and Núñez started at shortstop for the Yankees on Opening Day. Núñez was placed on the 15 day disabled list on May 12 after missing the previous week due to	to	ADP	soreness	NOUN	 soreness
Animator Bill Plympton provided sequences illustrating key concepts in the film. The documentary was first shown at the AFI Film Festival on November 7, 2005, at ArcLight Hollywood in Hollywood. Fuck's reviews were mixed. Film critic A. O. Scott called the documentary a battle	battle	NOUN	between	ADP	 between
Mary Keating Hill, a forty year old wife of a Cardiff insurance manager, spent three weeks in jail for resisting the police and disorderly conduct. She had been given a similar conviction days prior but her brother paid the fine; but she was determined to be	be	AUX	imprisoned	VERB	 imprisoned
Every year on Rapunzel's birthday, the kingdom of Corona releases thousands of floating lanterns into the sky in her memory. Eighteen years later, Rapunzel, ignorant to the fact that she is a princess, is growing eager to leave the tower and see the "	"	PUNCT	floating	VERB	 floating
It is currently available on Blu ray. Animal House was a great box office success despite its limited production costs and started an industry trend, inspiring countless other comedies such as Porky's, the Police Academy films, the American Pie films, and Old School among	among	ADP	others	NOUN	 others
" Allison Stewart of The Washington Post described " Back to Tennessee " as a " fusillade of strident twang rock track ". She added that the song was " eager " and that it explained " Country as Country Can Be ". Yahoo! Music thought the	the	DET	song	NOUN	 song
This is the more suburban and rural half of the district. Salford City Council's aspiration is that " In 2028, Salford West will be one of the most desirable and prosperous areas in Greater Manchester. " Social housing is provided by City West Housing Trust in	in	ADP	this	DET	 this
" Some Recollections of the Visit of Sibelius to America in 1914 ". Scandinavian Studies (University of Illinois Press) 43 (1): 53 – 88. JSTOR 40917124. (subscription required) Clements, Andrew (2003). " Anyone Need a Tune up	up	ADV	?	PUNCT	?
Mauboy's third studio album Beautiful was released on 4 October 2013; it debuted at number three and was certified platinum. The lead single " To the End of the Earth " peaked at number 21 and was certified gold, while the second single " Pop a	a	DET	Bottle	PROPN	 Bottle
" Groening conceived the idea of an episode in which the character Mr. Burns was shot, which could be used as a publicity stunt. The writers decided to write the episode " Who Shot Mr. Burns? " in two parts with a mystery that could be used	used	VERB	in	ADP	 in
After the conflict ended in November 1995, they made arrangements to visit Sarajevo, and with help from United Nations ambassadors and peacekeeping troops, they scheduled and played the concert in 1997. The band offered to hold a benefit concert or small show in Sarajevo, but	but	CCONJ	it	PRON	 it
In the same way as the logarithm reverses exponentiation, the complex logarithm is the inverse function of the exponential function applied to complex numbers. The discrete logarithm is another variant; it has uses in public key cryptography. The idea of logarithms is to reverse the operation	operation	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
Allen averaged 5.8 points and 5.0 rebounds in his second season with the 76ers. Allen missed an exhibition game due to a knee injury. He was criticized for missing a practice in October 2013 due to oversleeping. He mainly played backup power forward during the season.	.	PUNCT	Allen	PROPN	 Allen
In November 2011 the McCanns testified before the Leveson Inquiry into British press standards. The inquiry heard that the editor of the Daily Express, in particular, had become " obsessed " with the McCanns. Lord Justice Leveson called the Express articles " complete piffle ";	;	PUNCT	Roy	PROPN	 Roy
It was hoped that this capability would allow the battlecruisers to act as a fleet in being. After a recommendation from high ranking Dutch naval officers that the Koninklijke Marine (Royal Netherlands Navy) be bolstered so any attacker would have to " use such a large part	part	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
In her screenwriting textbook, Linda Aronson suggests that its protagonist, played by Quaid, is a major problem with the film. She says that after taking too long for him to be introduced, the character is " essentially a passive onlooker. " There is no	no	DET	hunt	NOUN	 hunt
She instructed the police who served as tour guides to attend sessions at the Winterthur Museum, Garden and Library (to learn how tours were guided " in a real museum "), and arranged for them to wear less menacing uniforms, with their guns hidden underneath	underneath	ADV	.	PUNCT	.
In total, according to Oliver, Trump was lying three fourths (76%) of the time, citing a Politifact study of the statements made by Trump since he launched his Presidential campaign. He calls Trump inconsistent in the political views he expressed during and prior	prior	ADV	to	ADP	 to
Critics called the full motion video " stylish ", and praised the acting. Gerstmann said the FMV had " some of the best CD ROM acting seen in a long time " and called it the game's " only real plus ". Edge noted the new	new	ADJ	video	NOUN	 video
In June 1970, the Metropolitan Region Planning Authority released land in the southwestern corner of Hamersley, which had previously been held in reserve under the Metropolitan Region Scheme for a large freeway interchange between the future Mitchell Freeway (then known as Stephenson Freeway) and Reid Highway	Highway	PROPN	(	PUNCT	 (
Early examples include Papa Charlie McCoy as " Tampa Kid " (1936), Leonard " Baby Doo " Caston (1939), Lightnin ' Hopkins (1947), John Lee Hooker (1949) and Big Bill Broonzy (1952). By the early 1950s	1950s	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
The civil service and examination system allowed for greater meritocracy, social mobility, and equality in competition for those wishing to attain an official seat in government. Using statistics gathered by the Song state, Edward A. Kracke, Sudō Yoshiyuki, and Ho Ping ti supported the	the	DET	hypothesis	NOUN	 hypothesis
However, researchers hold contrary opinions regarding the effects of long term administration. One view is that many of the short term effects continue into the long term and may even worsen, and are not resolved after stopping benzodiazepine usage. Another view maintains that cognitive deficits in	in	ADP	chronic	ADJ	 chronic
In the coming years, members of the " popular party " would become known as Whigs or Patriots. The younger Samuel Adams attended Boston Latin School and then entered Harvard College in 1736. His parents hoped that his schooling would prepare him for the ministry, but	but	CCONJ	Adams	PROPN	 Adams
Avianca Flight 52 was a regularly scheduled international passenger flight from El Dorado International Airport in Bogotá, Colombia, to John F. Kennedy International Airport (JFK) in Queens, New York, with an intermediate stop in José María Córdova International Airport near Medellín, Colombia.	.	PUNCT	Flight	NOUN	 Flight
Kanu had given Arsenal the lead in the first half, only for Radzinski to score a " richly deserved late equaliser " for Everton with fifteen minutes remaining. Manchester United's victory at Bolton on the same night increased the champions ' lead at the top to three	three	NUM	points	NOUN	 points
This time period makes it much easier for echidnas to prey on the winged females since they are directly above on the nest. Despite attacks, colony growth is not affected by echidnas. Several birds prey on meat ants. The masked woodswallow (A. personatus) and	and	CCONJ	the	DET	 the
" In December, Tuđman, in a conversation with Bosnian Croat leaders, said that " from the perspective of sovereignty, Bosnia Herzegovina has no prospects " and recommended that Croatian policy " support for the sovereignty [of Bosnia and Herzegovina] until such time as it	it	PRON	no	ADV	 no
He later becomes increasingly abusive. A Riverhead Trades Weekly review states that the novel consistently shows the " patriarchal despotism where women are agonizingly dependent on fathers, husbands and especially sons, the bearing of male children being their sole path to social status. " In the	the	DET	first	ADJ	 first
" After Pirates, Pryce appeared in several large scale motion pictures, such as De Lovely (2004), his second musical film, a chronicle of the life of songwriter Cole Porter, for which Kevin Kline and Pryce covered a Porter song called " Blow,	,	PUNCT	Gabriel	PROPN	 Gabriel
Buying or otherwise receiving items and services not subject to federal taxation (such as a used home or car) can contribute towards a lower effective tax rate. The total amount of spending and the proportion of spending allocated to taxable items would determine a household's effective	effective	ADJ	tax	NOUN	 tax
It took ten minutes to repair the steering. They turned and started in the other direction, opening fire on an armed trawler in passing. Return fire from the trawler set their engine on fire. ML 306 also came under heavy fire when it arrived near the	the	DET	port	NOUN	 port
Gargi, as one of the disputants in the debate, questioned Yajnavalkya on his claim of superiority among the scholars. She held repeated arguments with him. Gargi and Yajnavalkya's exchange centered on the ultimate " warp " of reality (" warp " means " the	the	DET	basic	ADJ	 basic
The Australian Government allocated A $31.9 billion to the Australian Defence Organisation in the 2015 – 16 financial year. This level of expenditure is equivalent to approximately 1.92% of Australian Gross Domestic Product (GDP). This was an increase from the A $25.4 billion	billion	NUM	allocated	VERB	 allocated
Opened to the public in 1953, it is now a major visitor attraction in its own right. It is best known for the flowering, in April and May, of its evergreen azaleas and camellias, which have been planted next to its ponds and streams.	.	PUNCT	There	PRON	 There
The generic term stripline in modern usage usually refers to the form then known as triplate. Early stripline directly coupled resonator filters were end coupled, but the length was reduced and the compactness successively increased with the introduction of parallel coupled line filters, interdigital filters, and	and	CCONJ	comb	NOUN	 comb
1000 – 1028) was a Byzantine military commander during the reign of Emperor Basil II. He played a distinguished role in the Byzantine conquest of Bulgaria, and was instrumental in the decisive Byzantine victory at the Battle of Kleidion in 1014. In 1022 he led an	an	DET	unsuccessful	ADJ	 unsuccessful
The film's score was composed by Ramin Djawadi. Del Toro selected Djawadi based on his works on Prison Break, Iron Man, and Game of Thrones, stating: " His scores have a grandeur, but they have also an incredible sort of human soul.	.	PUNCT	"	PUNCT	 "
However, the offense continued to struggle. Dave Brown had been released before the season and replaced by Kanell and Kent Graham. However, neither quarterback provided Pro Bowl caliber play. Before the 1999 season, the Giants signed quarterback Kerry Collins. Collins had been the	the	DET	first	ADJ	 first
Surviving evidence shows that Simon and John frequently found themselves on opposing sides of cases, which suggests a rivalry between the two over their expositions of canon law. During the papal interdict on England during King John's reign, John of Tynemouth remained in England. He	He	PRON	also	ADV	 also
Mónica Maristain from newspaper La Nación compared it with a song released by Fito Páez in 1999, " Habana ". Jason Birchmeier from Allmusic praised the song, stating that it " brings the album to an extraordinary conclusion. " In the song, Arjona sings:	:	PUNCT	"	PUNCT	 "
" Themes of class consciousness and conflict are also present in the book. Critics interpreted the stance the novel took against French class based discrimination and hypocrisy as quite radical, although some French critics found that this made the novel an unsubtle satire of fading social stereotypes.	.	PUNCT	There	PRON	 There
Before 1825 Tyldesley had no established church, and lay within the ancient parish of Leigh in the Diocese of Chester. The diocese divided in 1847, when the present Diocese of Manchester was created. For ritual baptisms, marriages and burials, the population, had to	to	PART	travel	VERB	 travel
Oates, independently wealthy, volunteered his services to the expedition and paid £1,000 (2009 value approximately £75,000) into its funds. The Admiralty also provided a largely naval lower deck, including the Antarctic veterans Edgar Evans, Tom Crean and William Lashly. Other	Other	ADJ	seamen	NOUN	 seamen
In the first decade of the 21st century, key concepts of attachment were incorporated into existing models of behavioural couple therapy, multidimensional family therapy and couple and family therapy. Specifically attachment centred interventions have been developed, such as attachment based family therapy and emotionally focused therapy	therapy	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
" Take a Bow " has since been certified Platinum by the Australian Recording Industry Association, denoting shipments of over 70,000 copies. In New Zealand, the song debuted on the New Zealand Singles Chart at number four on May 5, 2008, and peaked at number	number	NOUN	two	NUM	 two
While coping with the loss of her child, Isabella continued to work at The Englishwoman's Domestic Magazine. Although she was not a regular cook, she and Samuel obtained recipes from other sources. A request to receive the readers ' own recipes led to over 2,000	2,000	NUM	being	AUX	 being
The author of the poetry is unknown. On the basis of the text, it has been suggested that the work was written for a penitential service. The cantata was first published in 1884 in the Bach Gesellschaft Ausgabe, the first edition of Bach's complete works	works	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
Lexie discovers that some of her fellow interns have secretly been performing simple procedures on each other and begins taking part. Sadie Harris (Melissa George) joins the society, and seeking a more daring procedure, suggests removing her appendix. Though Lexie agrees, she quickly	quickly	ADV	finds	VERB	 finds
Annual convergence between the two continues at a rate of 1.6 inches (4 cm) per year. The Cascades make up the majority of the North American West Coast volcanoes; they have been volcanically active for about 36 million years. The rock making up the Cascades	Cascades	PROPN	is	AUX	 is
An editor for the libertarian monthly Reason also speculated about the usefulness of the detailed information to government investigators. The original Ars Technica blog posting, on the other hand, dismissed privacy concerns, showing that the detail pages do not contain sensitive information. Press accounts of	of	ADP	this	DET	 this
In September 2010, Laurer was hospitalized after overdosing on sleeping medication. As of February 2015, Laurer had re established a good relationship with her mother; her father died in May 2014. At one point, Laurer taught English in Japan. She converted to Mormonism	Mormonism	PROPN	while	SCONJ	 while
The next years would see only temporary buildings on the High Street site. Hodson was made principal in 1809 following Cleaver's resignation. A year before, and under Hodson's guidance, the exiled Louis XVIII had visited Brasenose; in 1814, the royal families of	of	ADP	the	DET	 the
When speed is important, a Python programmer can move time critical functions to extension modules written in languages such as C, or try using PyPy, a just in time compiler. Cython is also available, which translates a Python script into C and makes direct C	C	NOUN	level	NOUN	 level
They were Petty Officer George White and Able Seaman " Tancy " Lee, who were joined by one of the evacuees from the Royal Naval Reserve and two British Army soldiers who were already on Singkep. To prevent trouble with the incoming Japanese forces, they were transferred	transferred	VERB	to	ADP	 to
Before passing through the Strait of Otranto, the boats successfully evaded two groups of Italian ships. They finally arrived at Navarino Bay on 19 April before continuing to Souda Bay where they arrived 22 April. In Souda Bay Durmitor and Kajmakčalan were tasked with escorting a convoy	convoy	NOUN	to	ADP	 to
The lyrics in the song are cryptic; the ending lines of the third verse emphasise in belief and faith: " If you could see it then you'd understand / ah, when you see it then you'll understand, " and " Some things you have	have	VERB	to	PART	 to
Once Pollack was asked if professional poker players would start wearing uniforms covered with ads, similar to NASCAR. He responded, " That is not out of the realm of possibility. As long as they stick to the guidelines, players will be allowed to seek endorsement	endorsement	NOUN	deals	NOUN	 deals
In particular, accepted requests must involve the protection of women from persecution, although men may be eligible for assistance to protect their female family members from abuse. Women who wish to receive Tahirih's services free of charge must demonstrate that they are not able to afford	afford	VERB	to	PART	 to
It also participated in the 2011 Providence French Film Festival. Korkoro was screened on the first day of the Santa Barbara Human Rights Film Festival in 2011, along with films on subjects related to human rights ranging from " abortion rights to post – civil war Sierra Leone	Leone	PROPN	and	CCONJ	 and
TriMet confirmed at least two changes to the sculpture's original design: a 15 foot (4.6 m) move to the southeast to avoid crossing into the Trolley Trail or Milwaukie's boundaries, and removal of its mosaic tile facade to reduce costs. In October 2011	2011	NUM	,	PUNCT	,
The amount of trail a particular bike has may vary with time for several reasons. On bikes with front suspension, especially telescopic forks, compressing the front suspension, due to heavy braking for example, can steepen the steering axis angle and reduce trail. Trail also	also	ADV	varies	VERB	 varies
Despite this, Pyrrhus was taken safely back to his camp. Prompted by this unsuccessful foray, Pyrrhus order his army to return to its camp. He now expected the Spartans seek terms as the severity of their casualties would make the defence unsustainable. However, Sparta	Sparta	PROPN	was	AUX	 was
The railway would be a 68 mile (109 km) standard gauge line that followed the narrow canyon of the Tuolumne River to the remote dam site. Built from 1915 to 1918 by a workforce of roughly 900, the railway allowed for supplies to be shipped directly	directly	ADV	from	ADP	 from
For some twenty years until 2006, Reading was also known for its WOMAD Festival until it moved to Charlton Park in Malmesbury, Wiltshire. The Reading Beer Festival was first held in 1994 and has now grown to one of the largest beer festivals in the UK.	.	PUNCT	It	PRON	 It
Afterwards, Triple H gained the advantage and performed a Pedigree on Michaels. Triple H covered Michaels for the win via pinfall. After the match, Michaels staggered to his feet and was given a standing ovation by the audience. Following Bad Blood, Raw commentator Jim	Jim	PROPN	Ross	PROPN	 Ross
The eastern green mamba is, however, a fairly common species of snake throughout its geographical range, and populations are believed to be stable. Large concentrations of two to three individuals per hectare have been documented in coastal Kenya and southern Tanzania, and in one instance	instance	NOUN	a	DET	 a
The two versions of HD Remaster were also successful in North America, selling 206,000 units within a month of its release. The game was the fifth best selling game for PS3 and the top selling title for Vita on the PlayStation Network. The title's overall sales	sales	NOUN	were	AUX	 were
The episode's subplot revolved around Jerry's neighbour Kramer returning from a vacation in Puerto Rico, claiming he had sex with a stewardess on his flight home. George and Jerry would remain skeptical, and make a bet with him; eventually, George, Jerry and	and	CCONJ	Elaine	PROPN	 Elaine
Elsa shoots Henry, then dies drinking from the wrong Grail, and Indiana rescues his father from falling into the chasm while grasping for the Grail. Boam's revision on March 1 showed Henry causing the seagulls to strike the plane, and has Henry saving Indiana at	at	ADP	the	DET	 the
Clarence 13X developed novel teachings, assigning backronyms to familiar words. He stated that the letters of the word " Allah " stood for " arm, leg, leg, arm, head ", signifying the human body. This was said to prove that humanity held	held	VERB	a	DET	 a
On April 7, the low crossed back into the Australian basin, only to turn to the southwest on April 10, steered by a ridge to the southeast. During this time, the system passed about 185 km (115 mi) northwest of the Cocos Islands	Islands	PROPN	.	PUNCT	.
The first public screening of Watch the K Foundation Burn a Million Quid was on Jura on 23 August 1995 – exactly one year after the burning. " We feel we should face them and answer their questions " said one of the duo. Two weeks later an	an	DET	advert	NOUN	 advert
The record defeat occurred during the 1954 FIFA World Cup, a 7 – 0 deficit against reigning world champions Uruguay. Scotland's 1937 British Home Championship match against England set a new world record for a football attendance. The Hampden Park crowd was officially recorded as 149,415	149,415	NUM	,	PUNCT	,
Jim's attempts to rob a bank fail and they are forced to cancel their plans. Steve calls Social Services to check on Max and they take him into care. Becky believes Tracy made the call and smashes her front room up with a sledge hammer. Before	Before	SCONJ	she	PRON	 she
There were special trains laid on for the Cardiff fans, which began arriving at Paddington train station from 4 am onwards. The Metropolitan Railway put on additional trains to commute fans from Baker Street station to Wembley Park; one every two minutes. Between 11 am to	to	PART	kick	VERB	 kick
Despite initial grand plans and ideals, Kew Asylum had a difficult and chequered history resulting in several inquiries, including a Royal Commission. The first inquiry occurred in 1876, only five years after Kew opened. Another notable inquiry occurred in 1907 after a severe outbreak of	of	ADP	Typhoid	PROPN	 Typhoid
The strong dependence of the rate of energy generation in the core on the temperature and pressure helps to sustain this balance. Energy generated at the core makes its way to the surface and is radiated away at the photosphere. The energy is carried by either radiation or	or	CCONJ	convection	NOUN	 convection
Banner is attacked by Ross and Blonsky's forces, tipped off by the suspicious Samson, causing him to again transform into the Hulk. The ensuing battle outside the university proves to be futile for Ross ' forces and they eventually retreat, though Blonsky, whose sanity	sanity	NOUN	is	AUX	 is
After her husband's death in 1963, she worked as a consultant to the director of NASA's Johnson Space Center for several years, talking to the public about NASA's work, and was posthumously inducted into the International Space Hall of Fame in 1998. From	From	ADP	the	DET	 the
For instance, in his analysis of baseball's under- and overrated players in 2007, sportswriter Jayson Stark said, " I can't think of any all time great in any sport who gets left out of more who's the greatest conversations than Stan Musial. "	"	PUNCT	Musial	PROPN	 Musial
Whorf saw that the ability to arrive at progressively more accurate descriptions of the world hinged partly on the ability to construct a metalanguage to describe how language affects experience, and thus to have the ability to calibrate different conceptual schemes. Whorf's endeavors have since been taken	taken	VERB	up	ADP	 up
After the war, Oregon returned to the Pacific and participated in the Philippine – American War and Boxer Rebellion, while her sister ships were restricted to training missions in the Atlantic Ocean. After 1903, the obsolete battleships were de- and recommissioned several times, the last	last	ADJ	time	NOUN	 time
1323 – 1330) to Milutin's daughter Anna Neda was also arranged at the time with the intention of further sealing the union. It is quite apparent that Shishman's unlikely reinstallment in Vidin and alliance with Serbia were dictated by Nogai, as at the same time	time	NOUN	Serbia	PROPN	 Serbia
The mosaic came into the hands of the Russian authorities and was used in the reconstruction effort. In 1998, two separate teams, one German and one Lithuanian, announced they had located the Amber Room. The German team pointed to a silver mine while the Lithuanian	Lithuanian	ADJ	team	NOUN	 team
It is grayish brown to violet brown at the top, gradually becoming violet brown on the lower portion. The stem surface is initially pruinose (appearing to be covered with a fine whitish powder), but becomes smooth in age. The stem base bears large,	,	PUNCT	bristle	NOUN	 bristle
During the 1950s, the folklorist Eric Maple conducted further research on Murrell, finding much local folklore still surrounding him in the Hadleigh area, including the allegation that he had the ability to fly and to instantaneously transport himself vast distances. Murrell has continued to attract the	the	DET	attention	NOUN	 attention
It originally aired on the Fox network in the United States on March 11, 2001. In the episode, after Lisa becomes the target of a female bully named Francine, she discovers a scientific reason as to why bullies pick on nerds and demonstrates her findings at	at	ADP	a	DET	 a
His analyses suggest a phylogeny that is very different from George's arrangement. Banksia grossa was inferred to be sister to a polytomous clade consisting of B. leptophylla, B. telmatiaea, B. scabrella and B. lanata: Early in 2007, Mast and Thiele initiated a rearrangement of	of	ADP	Banksia	PROPN	 Banksia
It is he who discovers Superman's weakness and hatches a plan that puts millions of people in danger. Christopher Reeve as Clark Kent / Superman: Born on Krypton as Kal El and raised on Earth, he is a being of immense power, strength and invulnerability	invulnerability	NOUN	who	PRON	 who
Besides being a narrow corridor well suited for defence, the terrain in the area of Narva was dominated by forests and swamps. Directly behind the Narva River lay the city itself, ideally positioned as a bastion from which defending forces could influence combat to both the north	north	NOUN	and	CCONJ	 and
Shelby confesses that she can no longer have children, but wishes she could have her baby back, rather than the now fully grown Rachel, whom she feels does not need her. She tells Rachel that instead of trying to act like mother and daughter, they	they	PRON	should	AUX	 should
His realistic approach, designing dances that were inspired by the way ordinary people behaved, led one critic to observe that " Kidd is, in a way, the originator of the fantasy that if only your life shaped up and offered you the right moments, you	you	PRON	too	ADV	 too
It also had 28 people on board, among them the " unsinkable " Margaret " Molly " Brown. Lightoller realised there was only one seaman on board (Quartermaster Robert Hichens) and called for volunteers. Major Arthur Godfrey Peuchen of the Royal Canadian Yacht Club stepped	stepped	VERB	forward	ADV	 forward
Isabelle also recorded " Por Amarte Así " in bachata which features American group 24 Horas as well as an urban remix featuring J King and Maximan. Isabelle and Castro performed the song live during the 22nd Annual Lo Nuestro Award ceremony in 2010 after the latter sang "	"	PUNCT	Ten	NUM	 Ten
The scene was filmed to establish a running gag that Pawnee has a terrible raccoon infestation problem. The J.J. ' s Diner eatery featured in the episode was named after Goor's wife. Poehler speedily eats tremendous amounts of whipped cream on her waffles. This was inspired	inspired	VERB	by	ADP	 by
Immediately, cannons were fired as a sign that the first king and queen of Greater Romania had been anointed. A feast was given in the same room where the union had been proclaimed in 1918; there, more than 20,000 peasants were offered roast steaks. The	The	DET	following	ADJ	 following
In his new role Nichols clashed with the AEC over the issue of whether it or the Department of Defense should have custody of nuclear weapons. The administration's policy remained firmly in favor of AEC control. This was tested during the Berlin Blockade, when Truman ordered	ordered	VERB	B	PROPN	 B
Caroline's eldest daughter Anne married William IV of Orange in 1734, and moved with her husband to the Netherlands. Caroline wrote to her daughter of her " indescribable " sadness at the parting. Anne soon felt homesick, and travelled back to England when her husband	husband	NOUN	went	VERB	 went
The text of the profession of faith, Credo, is the Nicene Creed. It is structured in three sections, regarding Father, Son and Holy Spirit. Bach follows the structure, devoting two choral movements to the first section, beginning the second section with a	a	DET	duet	NOUN	 duet
Caversham is also home to one of Dunedin's main athletics clubs. The Southern Rugby Football Club, a rugby union club, is located at Bathgate Park to the southeast of Caversham. Southern is consistently among Dunedin's stronger club sides, and has been Otago club	club	NOUN	champion	NOUN	 champion
Afterward, Barbey received his first properly equipped amphibious command ship, the USS Blue Ridge. He also acquired an experienced deputy in Rear Admiral William M. Fechteler. Fechteler commanded the assault on the Admiralty Islands, in which APDs were employed in order to meet the Army	Army	PROPN	's	PART	's
In total the salvage team that Wallin commanded successfully resurrected 19 of the 21 ships initially declared total losses and helped to refit those ships to serve in the Second World War. Wallin pledged to assist in the salvage effort, and initiated a five point plan aimed at	at	ADP	getting	VERB	 getting
He did not wish to leave the Tsushima Strait unguarded and thought that he could use his remaining ammunition on Rurik. By this time she had been sunk by Naniwa and Takachiho. They had radioed Kamimura that she was sunk, but he did not receive the message	message	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
In November 2004, Wilson began feuding with Hiroko. On the December 2 episode of SmackDown!, Wilson teamed up with Rey Mysterio and Rob Van Dam in winning effort against Hiroko, Kenzo Suzuki and Rene Dupree. On February 10, 2005 on a special episode	episode	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
The lyrics officially adopted were as follows: " Rise, O Voices of Rhodesia " remained in official usage for the rest of Rhodesia's history, as well as between June and December 1979, when Rhodesia was reconstituted as Zimbabwe Rhodesia, a black ruled version of	of	ADP	the	DET	 the
It was certified three times platinum by the Recording Industry Association of America (RIAA) denoting shipments of three million copies in the US. As of 2012, the album has sold over ten million copies worldwide. Four singles were released from Justified. The album's	's	PART	lead	ADJ	 lead
In Phase 2, Q service would be extended to 125th Street and Lexington Avenue. After Phase 3, a new T service will operate from 125th Street to Houston Street. After Phase 4 opens, T service will run the full length of the line, from	from	ADP	125th	PROPN	 125th
Research by historian Thomas Ricks Lindley indicates that an additional 50 or 60 men reinforced the Alamo on March 4. Almost all of the Texians were killed at the Battle of the Alamo when the Mexican army attacked on March 6; Travis was likely the first to die	die	VERB	.	PUNCT	.
' ". She further commented on the show's authenticity by saying that the network " has never once put anything out there that we haven't approved of or accepted ". The series was renewed for a second season one month after its premiere due to high	high	ADJ	ratings	NOUN	 ratings
Many of the album's lyrics are narrative and diaristic in nature, and were heavily drawn from Love's personal life and experiences in her teenage and young adult years. In a press release promoting the album, Love said: " These songs are about my own	own	ADJ	weaknesses	NOUN	 weaknesses
" The group would go to children's hospitals to cheer up sick children. On November 27, 1983, the group attended their first Washington Redskins football game in full drag, but with the addition of pig snout masks, in reference to The Hogs, the	the	DET	nickname	NOUN	 nickname
They have a long neck and short stout legs with large, fully webbed feet. Although they are among the heaviest of flying birds, they are relatively light for their apparent bulk because of air pockets in the skeleton and beneath the skin enabling them to float high	high	ADV	in	ADP	 in
He scored a notable success in the Battle of Damour, which he rated as his most successful battle of the war, although his conduct was not above criticism by Berryman, who felt that Savige had located his headquarters too far back, resulting in failure to seize	seize	VERB	an	DET	 an
The movie's success saved Nelvana from closing, helped revive films aimed at children in the US market, and has been cited as inspiring a spate of toy based animated and live action features. Nelvana produced two sequels in the next two years, A New Generation	Generation	PROPN	(	PUNCT	 (
A series of questions needed to be answered during the design process, including the calibre of the main battery, the propulsion system, and armour protection. The deciding factor for the adoption of 38 cm (15 in) guns for Bismarck and Tirpitz was the decision	decision	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
The following is a list of the top ten employers with headquarters in Ohio, as of April 2014. The following is a list of the top Ohioan employers anywhere in the world, as of 2013. Dayton is designated as the state's aerospace hub due to	to	ADP	its	PRON	 its
Government sources claimed that this operation — where more than 660 marines, 17 vehicles, and 3 helicopters participated — left 10 dead: three marines, one soldier, four Gulf Cartel gunmen, journalist Carlos Alberto Guajardo Romero, and the drug lord Antonio Ezequiel. The	The	DET	shootout	NOUN	 shootout
The bill combines the fund with $12 billion in new tax breaks. Brown criticized the bill for including a provision much like the Troubled Asset Relief Program, stating: " Banks making lending decisions with government funds is not the way to get our economy moving again	again	ADV	.	PUNCT	.
The Chamber of Commerce decided to continue efforts to have SR 76 expanded at the end of 1974. In January 1975, Caltrans presented plans to realign SR 76 away from Mission Avenue and move it to the south side of the San Luis Rey River from I 5	5	NUM	to	ADP	 to
It also equates the combined first week sales of his four previous album releases, including his live album called Live. The feat also carved history in Arista records having the first in any of their released albums to reach such sales. The success of the thirty year	year	NOUN	old	ADJ	 old
" Donald Lee Harris designed the warehouse set, which Krasinski described as " amazing " and " detailed. " Several of the actors had basketball experience, such as Krasinski, who played for his high school team. Brian Baumgartner, who portrays Kevin, actually succeeded	succeeded	VERB	in	ADP	 in
" Fury was followed one month later with the release of the big budget disaster movie San Francisco (1936). Tracy played a supporting role alongside Clark Gable in the film, allowing audiences to see him with the top male star in Hollywood. Taking on the	the	DET	role	NOUN	 role
Some alleles do not have complete dominance and instead have incomplete dominance by expressing an intermediate phenotype, or codominance by expressing both alleles at once. When a pair of organisms reproduce sexually, their offspring randomly inherit one of the two alleles from each parent. These observations	observations	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
It became her sixth single to peak at number two on the Billboard Hot 100, setting a record for Madonna as the artist with most number two hits in the chart history. The song received critical acclaim, and was labelled a masterpiece whose sound was described as	as	ADP	"	PUNCT	 "
As of 2014, Greyhound operates 1,272 motorcoaches produced mainly by Motor Coach Industries and Prevost. In an effort to improve its image, between 2007 and 2014, the company aggressively purchased new coaches and refurbishing existing ones. As of 2016, the majority of Greyhound's	's	PART	fleet	NOUN	 fleet
Her displacement and beam were increased over that of her half sisters with slightly less draught. The Baltic Project was only one justification for the ships. Admiral Fisher wrote in a letter to the DNC on 16 March 1915: " I've told the First Lord that	that	SCONJ	the	PRON	 the
Roxy threatens to call the police but Ronnie convinces her not to. However, after Janine drops the charges, Stacey decides that she needs to clear Bradley's name, so tells the police she killed Archie. She is subsequently sentenced to five years in prison,	,	PUNCT	but	CCONJ	 but
Their first collaboration Cover Girl firmly established their intentions, particularly in the " Alter Ego " dance sequence. It employed a special effect that could not be achieved with a live take, while advancing the story and revealing the character's inner conflict. Donen and Kelly	Kelly	PROPN	tested	VERB	 tested
Before leaving they find that one of Beata's assistants, Ariel (Patricia McPherson), has married Ramsey, and was followed by Beata's men to their camp, where they arrested the survivors and their families. The Away Team attempt to explain to Beata the	the	DET	reason	NOUN	 reason
The Essentials disc is a compilation of some of his most famous works. The Rarities disc includes pieces recorded in the years prior to the release of Oxygène. After this release, Jarre recovered sole intellectual property rights over his work, which had previously been owned by	by	ADP	Francis	PROPN	 Francis
Judge Harrell said that the ERA was intended to prohibit sex discrimination against women and did not apply to this case, which he said was a matter of sexual orientation. Judge Lynne A. Battaglia wrote a dissenting opinion stating that the statutes and ordinances in Maryland barring discrimination	discrimination	NOUN	based	VERB	 based
Many of the deleted scenes from " Miles Behind Us " appear as bonus material on the Season 2 DVD, though it does not include the events leading up to Shane's rescue nor the original rooftop walkie talkie monologue. Footage can also be seen in the Comic	Comic	PROPN	Con	PROPN	 Con
Geschwindner let him train seven days a week with DJK Würzburg players and future German internationals Robert Garrett, Marvin Willoughby and Demond Greene, and in the summer of 1994, then 16 year old Nowitzki made the DJK squad. When Nowitzki joined the team, DJK played	played	VERB	in	ADP	 in
In the fourth round, he defeated the Canadian Milos Raonic in straight sets, and then in the quarterfinals, had to come from a set and two breaks down against Marin Čilić to prevail in four. In the semifinals, he defeated Tomáš Berdych in a long	long	ADJ	fought	VERB	 fought
The second Bzod pa rgya mtsho also had excellent equation with the Eighth Dalai Lama, Jampel Gyatso (Da lai bla ma sku phreng brgyad pa ’ jam dpal rgya mtsho). This power equation resulted in two more monasteries being built as satellite monasteries. Panglung Hermitage	Hermitage	PROPN	(	PUNCT	 (
His death, from his wounds, the following month, and the massacre in April of that year of 27 Palestinians and Lebanese travelling on a bus from Sabra and Shatila to the Tel al Zaatar refugee camp by Phalangist forces, precipitated the Lebanese Civil War. Arafat	Arafat	PROPN	was	AUX	 was
In particular, some contend that oil production from these new oil reserves as well as from existing fields will continue to increase at a rate that outpaces demand, until alternate energy sources for our current fossil fuel dependence are found. As of 2015, analysts in both	both	CCONJ	the	DET	 the
However, too many horses and mules died of diseases or old age before they even reached the battlefield and the army ordered an inquiry. In 1917, Vizzini was sentenced to 20 years in first instance for fraud, corruption and murder, but he was absolved thanks	thanks	NOUN	to	ADP	 to
In 1955, then Lieutenant Commander Bucklew was assigned to a Naval Advisory Group in Korea, operating from a base off Inchon. This group, with the help of the CIA, conducted infiltration, harassment, and psychological operations against North Korea. In 1962, after	after	ADP	20	NUM	 20
Eventually, they form neurofibrillary tangles inside nerve cell bodies. When this occurs, the microtubules disintegrate, destroying the structure of the cell's cytoskeleton which collapses the neuron's transport system. This may result first in malfunctions in biochemical communication between neurons and later in the	the	DET	death	NOUN	 death
Author Chris Barsanti writes: " It's the film's canny flirtatiousness that makes it such ingenious entertainment. Grant and Hepburn play off each other like the pros that they are ". The film, well received by the critics, is often called " the best	best	ADJ	Hitchcock	NOUN	 Hitchcock
The next and final blow was the Judicature Act 1873, which came into force on 1 November 1875. Section 8 provided that common law judges need no longer be appointed from the Serjeants at Law, removing the need to appoint judicial Serjeants. With this Act and	and	CCONJ	the	DET	 the
Mark Webber set the fifth fastest time, after earlier having electrical and clutch problems with the car. Alonso, Nico Rosberg, Kubica, Heidfeld and David Coulthard made up the rest of the top ten. In the final practice session on Saturday – which was held	held	VERB	in	ADP	 in
The Rhine... lay revealed before us for many a league, twisting and twining like a serpent of silver... dotted with innumerable islands, and flowing through a most extensive plain, perfectly flat. Our elevation was considerable and the eye ranged over a great extent of	of	ADP	country	NOUN	 country
These would be inherited by a third daughter, Molly Burkhart, who was married to a white man, Ernie Burkhart. Ernie Burkhart was the nephew of a wealthy Texas rancher, William K. Hale, who had moved to the Osage area. Following these deaths and	and	CCONJ	several	ADJ	 several
The angry father ignores him, but Hal turns and sees the wigmaker's store next to him. An idea strikes him and he pays a photographer to get a photo of the father on the way out, which further angers him. Hal then sends a message	message	NOUN	to	ADP	 to
Subsequent authors have recognized these names as based on pattern variants of the leopard catshark; resolving the identity of P. marleyi proved especially problematic and it was not confirmed to be a synonym of this species until 2003. The valid scientific name of the leopard catshark is considered	considered	VERB	to	PART	 to
Another consequence of urban heat islands is the increased energy required for air conditioning and refrigeration in cities that are in comparatively hot climates. The Heat Island Group estimates that the heat island effect costs Los Angeles about US $100 million per year in energy. Conversely,	,	PUNCT	those	PRON	 those
The IBF subsequently stripped him of his title on February 6, due to his inability to defend during his ongoing legal and mental health issues. Taylor is married to former Louisiana Tech University basketball player Erica Taylor, who was selected in the second round of the 2005	2005	NUM	WNBA	PROPN	 WNBA
As a result, it took no further part in the fighting before the armistice was declared on 11 November. Following the end of hostilities, the demobilisation process began and slowly the battalion's numbers began to dwindle as its personnel were repatriated back to Australia and returned	returned	VERB	to	ADP	 to
In November 2007 and weighing over 90 kg (198 lb), Knut was deemed too dangerous for close handling and his interaction with human handlers was further diminished. The celebration of the cub's first birthday, which was attended by hundreds of children, was broadcast	broadcast	VERB	live	ADV	 live
Bokassa called Izamo at his headquarters, asking him to come to Camp de Roux to sign some papers that needed his immediate attention. Izamo, who was at a New Year's Eve celebration with friends, reluctantly agreed and traveled in his wife's car to the	the	DET	camp	NOUN	 camp
One Buffy studies writer draws comparisons between Dr. Walsh and Victor Frankenstein, both of whom build monsters out of body parts " to compensate for human vulnerability ". The moral of Shelley's novel is that what science can accomplish is not necessarily what it should. Questioning	Questioning	VERB	tradition	NOUN	 tradition
At its closest approach to China, Saomai generated high waves that coincided with high tide, resulting in extensive damage. In preparation for the storm, schools in Ningbo were forced to close, and ferry service was discontinued. Over 20,000 people were evacuated by the Chinese	Chinese	ADJ	government	NOUN	 government
In the semifinals against Germany she played two rubbers, one was won against Julia Görges, another against Andrea Petkovic. With her win over Görges, Kuznetsova became the second best Russian Fed Cup player by total wins, with 27 won rubbers; the absolute leader is	is	AUX	Larisa	PROPN	 Larisa
By contrast, TV Guide's Ken Fox felt that Zombie did deliver a " scary horror movie ", not by copying Carpenter, but by making the film his own. Fox noted that Zombie seemed to follow more in the footsteps of Wes Craven and Tobe Hooper	Hooper	PROPN	's	PART	's
This type of restraint is used on Dive, Inverted, Sitting, Flying, Floorless, Stand up, and Wing Coasters. A notable feature of Bolliger & Mabillard roller coasters is the box section track. The running rails are connected to a box section spine,	,	PUNCT	instead	ADV	 instead
Since the Chronicle describes Alexander's victory over the Persians in terms of its proximity to Tarsus and omits mention of Issus, it is likely that the cityscape by the sea is intended to be the former city rather than the latter. Issus in the 16th century was	was	AUX	minor	ADJ	 minor
In its 2011 reissue, new material was added that connected the manga to the events of Innocent Sin. Persona 3 and Persona 4 have both received manga adaptations, serialized in Dengeki Maoh. Another manga based on Persona Q was also serialized: two separate manga storylines	storylines	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
A stronger version is sold as McEwan's Scotch Ale in export markets. McEwan's Lager (3.6 per cent ABV) McEwan's Red (3.6 per cent ABV) An ale with a reddish tinge introduced in 2013. Throughout the Victorian period, and into the	the	DET	twentieth	ADJ	 twentieth
In Malang, Fakih worked with Masjkur and Zainul Arifin to start an armed resistance to fight in the revolution against the returning Europeans. He served as deputy chief in command of this resistance, which consisted of the Japanese trained Islamic units Sabilillah and Hizbullah. After the	the	DET	Dutch	PROPN	 Dutch
The game winning shot, which Johnson dubbed his " junior, junior, junior sky hook ", helped Los Angeles defeat Boston in six games. Johnson was awarded his third Finals MVP title after averaging 26.2 points on.541 shooting, 13.0 assists, 8.0 rebounds, and	and	CCONJ	2.33	NUM	 2.33
Detroit Pistons legend and Detroit Shock head coach, Bill Laimbeer also became the first person to win the Shooting Stars Competition twice; he won his first title with Team Detroit in 2007. On February 5, 2009, TNT announced the addition of H – O –	–	PUNCT	R	NOUN	 R
Immediately previously he had spent nineteen years as the rector of Christ Church, Lavender Bay. Overlapping with his time at St John's, he was also the chaplain to the Archbishop of Sydney, and the rural dean of Petersham. One of Yarnold's curates was	was	AUX	the	DET	 the
His colleague, the chorus master, Ivor John, was in charge of the first season's Pagliacci and Faust. In 1948 the organisation was registered as a limited company, and the Cardiff season was extended from one week to two. The following year the company	company	NOUN	gave	VERB	 gave
In this section, the elevation of the highway is close to the level of the river and is liable to flood after heavy rains, as occurred in June 2010, for example. North from Riverdale Park, the valley widens considerably. The expressway rises from the	the	DET	floor	NOUN	 floor
Jonathan Joss, who previously voiced John Redcorn in the animated television series King of the Hill — which was co created by Parks and Recreation co creator Greg Daniels — guest starred in " Harvest Festival " as the local Native American tribe leader. Toward the end of	of	ADP	production	NOUN	 production
Scholars have recognized the Second Circuit under Hand as one of the finest appeals courts in the country's history. Friends and admirers often lobbied for Hand's promotion to the Supreme Court, but circumstances and his political past conspired against his appointment. Hand possessed a gift	gift	NOUN	for	ADP	 for
Produced by Butch Walker, the track was released as the sixth single from the album on July 16, 2013. " Everything Has Changed " is a guitar ballad combining folk and pop genres about " wanting to get to know a new lover better ". The	The	DET	single	ADJ	 single
Characters he listed as conflicting with a Nectomys identity of the species included the short hindfoot with a long fifth toe, the weakly developed posterolateral palatal pits (perforations of the palate near the third molars), and the orientation of the zygomatic plate. Hershkovitz published again	again	ADV	on	ADP	 on
British North America had no law schools in 1830; students were examined when beginning and ending their tutelage. Between the two examinations, they were apprenticed, or articled to established lawyers. Macdonald began his apprenticeship with George Mackenzie, a prominent young lawyer who was a	a	DET	well	ADV	 well
In a 2006 feature on the Super Furry Animals ' back catalogue Incendiary Magazine called the track a " clever slice of pop ". In a play on words on the track's meaning in English, Drowned in Sound stated that " Ysbeidiau Heulog " was Mwng's	's	PART	"	PUNCT	 "
The story depicts the introduction of Sherlock to John, and them entering a flatshare at Baker Street in London, and then their investigation into a series of deaths, initially believed to be suicides. Mycroft Holmes, Sherlock's older brother, played by Mark Gatiss also	also	ADV	appears	VERB	 appears
The inquiry's terms of reference were " to inquire into the making and screening of ' Death on the Rock ' ", including its creation, production, content, and any effect it had had on the inquest. The report found that the tendency of the	the	DET	evidence	NOUN	 evidence
Livingstone joined the Labour Party in March 1968, when he was 23 years old, later describing it as " one of the few recorded instances of a rat climbing aboard a sinking ship ". At the time, many leftists were leaving in disgust at the Labour	Labour	PROPN	government	NOUN	 government
Small inter cut scenes features Koda kissing two woman; one on the cheek, and one on the lips. This emphasizes the homosexual themes that Koda explained to World Journal and Oricon. Koda starts to sing in a living room, surrounded by several guests. She	She	PRON	walks	VERB	 walks
Basic studies courses are generally taken during the first two years, advanced studies during the final two years and integrative studies courses in the final year. In addition to core courses students take electives, which offer basic instruction or in depth work in particular subjects. Students	Students	NOUN	may	AUX	 may
Armies fighting in central Europe had recognised supply and communications centres, which could be easily targeted by armoured vehicle regiments. Finnish army centres, by contrast, were deep inside the country. There were no paved roads, and even gravel or dirt roads were scarce;	;	PUNCT	most	ADJ	 most
Sales of coal were £19,455, and nearly £30,000 was earned from other cargoes. Passenger traffic in 1791 brought in receipts of £3,781. The canal also carried passengers and was in keen competition with the Mersey and Irwell Navigation Company (M & IN)	)	PUNCT	.	PUNCT	.
Smith first appeared as the Doctor at the end of Davies and David Tennant's final episode, the second part of The End of Time, in a short post regeneration scene that Davies left for Moffat to write himself. Moffat wrote the scene in " about ten	ten	NUM	minutes	NOUN	 minutes
" The band had previously written an orchestral style piece in the form of " Overture " on Six Degrees of Inner Turbulence, but recorded it using keyboards. The tracks " The Answer Lies Within ", " Sacrificed Sons " and " Octavarium " marked the first	first	ADJ	time	NOUN	 time
The sports complex was purposely built for the 2008 Malaysian Games (Malay: Sukan Malaysia or SUKMA). Besides the main stadium, the sports complex also contains other facilities such as the Indoor Stadium, football fields, a rugby field, a lawn bowls field,	,	PUNCT	a	DET	 a
The London Fire Brigade is the statutory fire and rescue service for Greater London. It is run by the London Fire and Emergency Planning Authority and is the third largest fire service in the world. National Health Service ambulance services are provided by the London Ambulance Service (	(	PUNCT	LAS	PROPN	LAS
His 82 rushing yards that day was a career high. The subsequent week, he had his first 100 yard effort when he totaled 123 yards against Vanderbilt on September 8. Then he scored three rushing touchdowns on September 22 in a 117 yard effort against South Dakota	Dakota	PROPN	.	PUNCT	.
Edibility is unknown for the species, but consumption is generally not recommended due its position in the Amanita subgroup Lepidella, which contains some poisonous members. Amanita daucipes was first described in 1856 by the mycologists Miles Joseph Berkeley and Camille Montagne, who named it Agaricus daucipes	daucipes	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
Kiedis recalled of the situation: " We started finding some magic and some music and some riffs and some rhythms and some jams and some grooves, and we added to it and subtracted from it and pushed it around and put melodies to it. " Frusciante and	and	CCONJ	Kiedis	PROPN	 Kiedis
In June 1951, with peace talks underway in Panmunjom, the Ranger company was employed aggressively in offensive roles as a means to secure a better position for the UN at the bargaining table. After a number of operations north of the 38th parallel with the 7th Division	Division	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
It would seem that courts adopt a purposive view in relation to the lawful excuse defence in relation to arson, as in R v. Hunt (1977). The defendant, wishing to highlight the lack of fire defences in an old people's home, set fire	fire	NOUN	to	ADP	 to
The SS brigades, wrote historian Christopher Browning, were " only the thin cutting edge of German units that became involved in political and racial mass murder. " Many Einsatzgruppe leaders were highly educated; for example, nine of seventeen leaders of Einsatzgruppe A held doctorate degrees	degrees	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
In January 1964 Fleming went to Goldeneye for what proved to be his last holiday and wrote the first draft of The Man with the Golden Gun. He was dissatisfied with it and wrote to William Plomer, the copy editor of his novels, asking for it to	to	PART	be	AUX	 be
Joyce also makes frequent use of the Irish Melodies of Thomas Moore and ballads such as George Barker's Dublin Bay and J.L. Molloy's Love's Old Sweet Song. 3. Opera as a genre: Joyce had a lifelong preoccupation with opera as a generic precedent for	for	ADP	his	PRON	 his
It captured Kennedy as " an aging Irish boyo clutching a bottle and diddling a blonde, " portrayed him as an out of control Regency rake, and brought his behavior to the forefront of public attention. The death from cancer of brother in law Stephen Edward Smith	Smith	PROPN	in	ADP	 in
Anastasia was a younger sister of Grand Duchess Olga, Grand Duchess Tatiana, and Grand Duchess Maria, and was an elder sister of Alexei Nikolaevich, Tsarevich of Russia. She was executed with her family in an extrajudicial killing by members of the Cheka, the Bolshevik	Bolshevik	PROPN	secret	ADJ	 secret
When Captain Berry complained, Lejoille replied " J ' en suis fâché, mais le fait est, que les Français sont bons au pillage " (" I'm sorry, but the fact is, that the French are good at plunder "). Dividing the	the	DET	captured	VERB	 captured
Regarding long term catheterization, it is associated to urinary tract infections and should be avoided whenever possible. Some of these recommendations do not come from specific studies in MS but are general recommendations for those who have neurogenic bladder. Bowel: bowel problems affect around 70%	%	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
They could not locate the Japanese convoy in poor visibility because it had reversed course shortly after spotting the American reconnaissance aircraft. The aircraft lacked the range to return to their carrier and they were ordered to land at Henderson Field and return the following morning. The Japanese	Japanese	PROPN	failed	VERB	 failed
The band announced that they would play songs from the new album in their headline performance at the Reading and Leeds Festivals in August 2010, with Win Butler noting " We're really looking forward to playing the new songs live... [it's] like an inventor	inventor	NOUN	emerging	VERB	 emerging
Microsoft required Ska Studios to create picture packs (Xbox Live account customizations), but was not responsible for the Windows Phone 8 game mechanic. Ska Studios had complete creative control over the game itself. Charlie Murder was promoted as a free Xbox download with Microsoft's	's	PART	Games	PROPN	 Games
A LEWP is a special configuration in a line of convective storms that indicates the presence of a low pressure area and the possibility of damaging winds, large hail, and tornadoes. At each kink along the LEWP is a mesoscale low pressure area, which could contain	contain	VERB	a	DET	 a
It is bordered by Lake Burley Griffin to the north, Commonwealth Avenue and Capital Hill to the east, Adelaide Avenue and the Cotter Road to the south, and Scrivener Dam, Lady Denman Drive and part of the Molonglo River to the west. Although Yarralumla is	is	AUX	one	NUM	 one
Rambhadracharya was disappointed that Yadav could not " come for even 15 minutes for disabled children, " and said that he will have atone for this. Rambhadracharya has authored more than 100 books and 50 papers, including published books and unpublished manuscripts. Various audio and video	video	NOUN	recordings	NOUN	 recordings
Listed as Architects ' Journal's top 50 favourite buildings. Awarded " Excellent " certification by BREEAM, the highest ever awarded in Wales. Awarded Major Project of the Year in the 2006 Building Services Awards, organised by Building Sustainable Design and Electrical and Mechanical Contractor magazines	magazines	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
Max was introduced in the 2001 third person shooter Max Payne, which was written by Sam Lake and developed by Remedy Entertainment. The game's publisher, 3D Realms, intended Max to serve as the " foundation of a new gaming franchise ". In the first	first	ADJ	game	NOUN	 game
Arnold Wolf was called in as the industrial design consultant to this project in early 1957. Wolf, who would later become president and chief executive of JBL, was initially asked to produce a shell version for dealers ' shops. Due to transportation and installation constraints,	,	PUNCT	it	PRON	 it
It was also certified platinum in Argentina by the Argentine Chamber of Phonograms and Videograms Producers (CAPIF) for shipment of 15,000 copies, as well as gold in Brazil by the Associação Brasileira dos Produtores de Discos (ABPD) for shipment of 25,000 copies. After ten	ten	NUM	weeks	NOUN	 weeks
In a final act of defiance, Desha threatened to refuse to vacate the governor's mansion, although he ultimately acquiesced without incident, ceding the governorship to his successor, National Republican Thomas Metcalfe. At the expiration of his term, he retired from public life and	and	CCONJ	ultimately	ADV	 ultimately
Through assassinating a Zerg cerebrate, Zeratul inadvertently allows the Overmind to learn the location of the Protoss homeworld, Aiur. The Overmind quickly launches an invasion to assimilate the Protoss and gain genetic perfection. Pursued by his own people as a heretic for siding with the dark	dark	ADJ	templar	NOUN	 templar
After reviewing the report, Dunstan sacked Police Commissioner Harold Salisbury in January and threatened to release the report to the public. However, Salisbury had a reputation as a man of integrity, and controversy erupted regarding the inquiry and Dunstan's actions, and whether he had	had	AUX	already	ADV	 already
It is the combination of population increase in the developing world and unsustainable consumption levels in the developed world that poses a stark challenge to sustainability. At the global scale, scientific data now indicates that humans are living beyond the carrying capacity of planet Earth and that this	this	PRON	can	AUX	 can
He was known for his willingness to apply an equal degree of scrutiny to his own philosophical positions as to those of others, subjecting each position to rigorous analysis until he exposed its flaws. As a result, he acquired a reputation for frequently changing his own position	position	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
Dialogue follows to reveal that the protagonist of the first game, Harry Mason, and his wife find and adopt the baby, naming her Cheryl, while Dahlia and Kaufmann plan to cast a spell to draw the other half of Alessa's soul back to the town	town	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
Nils Törnqvist is credited for playing the drums, while David Lindberg, Jonathan Lundberg and Claes Malmberg played the military drums. Swedish musician Gustav Ejstes of band Dungen played the autoharp, and the band provided additional instruments, arrangement and programming. Niklas Flyckt mixed the track	track	NOUN	at	ADP	 at
Only a month after Lunney graduated, President Eisenhower signed into existence the National Aeronautics and Space Administration (NASA), into which NACA was subsumed. His timing was perfect, for as Lunney later said, " there was no such thing as space flight until the	the	DET	month	NOUN	 month
To avoid the burden of writing unique, accented dialogue for several characters, team member Kiyoshi Yoshii coded a system that produces accents by modifying basic text for certain characters. Art director Nobuteru Yuuki initially wanted the characters to appear in a more chibi format with diminutive proportions	proportions	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
According to Bobby Clarke, " we're not a defensive club, yet we tried to play defensively. " Despite the loss, all Canadian fans present sang " O Canada " as Team Canada left the ice. The cheering of the Canadian fans was unknown at	at	ADP	Soviet	ADJ	 Soviet
An Official Information Act request was filed in New Zealand in 2008 to ask this of John Key, the prime minister, and Facebook's Mark Zuckerberg was asked during a Q & A in 2016. (Both men said they were not lizards. Key added that	that	SCONJ	he	PRON	 he
All three channels televise events such as congressional hearings, White House press briefings and presidential speeches, as well as other government meetings including Federal Communications Commission hearings and Pentagon press conferences. Other U.S. political coverage includes State of the Union speeches, and presidential press conferences.	.	PUNCT	According	VERB	 According
Nelson had however fallen seriously ill in the jungles of Costa Rica, probably from a recurrence of malaria, and was unable to take command. During his time of convalescence he was nursed by a black " doctoress " named Cubah Cornwallis, the mistress of a fellow	fellow	ADJ	captain	NOUN	 captain
The British had decoded the German radio messages, and left their bases before the Germans put to sea. Hipper's battlecruisers spotted the Battlecruiser Fleet to their west at 3: 20 p.m., but Beatty's ships did not see the Germans to their east until 3	3	NUM	:	SYM	:
Regarding the 1939 New York World's Fair itself and its futuristic theme of the World of Tomorrow, Conran noted: "... obviously the title refers to the World Expo and the spirit of that was looking at the future with a sense of optimism and a sense	sense	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
In an attempt to achieve surprise the rifle companies moved into their respective areas of operation by foot, rather than by helicopter, carrying five days rations and supplies to reduce the need for resupply and the likelihood of detection by the Viet Cong. With stealth considered key	key	NOUN	to	ADP	 to
The Dartmouth Outing Club maintains the AT from the Vermont border past Mount Moosilauke to Kinsman Notch, northwest of Woodstock, New Hampshire, Randolph Mountain Club maintains 2.2 miles from Osgood Trail near Madison Hut to Edmands Col, with the AMC maintaining the remaining miles through the	the	DET	state	NOUN	 state
The case arose when a Minnesota county taxed an Indian's mobile home located on the reservation. The Court ruled that the state did not have the authority to impose such a tax or, more generally, to regulate behavior on the reservation. Bryan has become a	a	DET	landmark	NOUN	 landmark
By Congressional act the Washington quarter, featuring the first president's profile was introduced in 1932 to celebrate the bicentennial of his birth. On September 26, 1890, the United States Congress passed an act providing: The Director of the Mint shall have power, with	with	ADP	the	DET	 the
Drake told MTV News, that the song was " definitely " a choice of his for releasing as a single, and that it was a song he did for himself. Brad Wete of Entertainment Weekly called the song, " a prideful track about a guy who	who	PRON	fought	VERB	 fought
The album remained in the top twenty for thirty one consecutive weeks. It returned to the top five after the release of the Ultra Platinum Edition, which helped the album rebound to number four, with sales of 185,000 units. The Emancipation of Mimi was the best	best	ADJ	selling	NOUN	 selling
This results in him becoming abusive towards Laila. Mariam and Laila eventually become confidants and best friends. They plan to run away from Rasheed and leave Kabul but are caught at the bus station. Rasheed beats them and deprives them of water for several days, almost	almost	ADV	killing	VERB	 killing
Shortages of funding slowed the completion Liguria and her sister ships. Tight budgets forced the Navy to reduce the pace of construction so that the funds could be used to keep the active fleet in service. It took nearly four years to complete the hull, which was	was	AUX	launched	VERB	 launched
Later, Phyllis makes Sharon remember switching the test, and her engagement to Nick ends. A furious Nick sues Sharon for full custody of Faith and wins. In early 2015, Sharon is framed and arrested for the murders of Austin Travers (Matthew Atkinson) and	and	CCONJ	Noah	PROPN	 Noah
One depth charge rail and two throwers were fitted; 20 depth charges were originally carried, but this increased to 35 shortly after the war began. Exmouth was ordered on 1 November 1932 under the 1931 Naval Programme, and was laid down at Portsmouth Dockyard on 15	15	NUM	March	PROPN	 March
Square Enix believed that developing a new engine would speed up development time later in the project, though it would initially cause a delay in the game's development. However, the delay was longer than originally anticipated as the engine had to accommodate the requirements of several	several	ADJ	other	ADJ	 other
No wreckage was seen, despite the heavy depth charging. The PC 815 sustained some minor damage and three crew were injured during the incident when the ship's radio antenna was accidentally hit by gunfire. At midnight on 21 May, with depth charges exhausted and the	the	DET	presence	NOUN	 presence
Billy was in considerable pain and asked for a doctor and some morphine. He told those near him, " They have murdered me. I have been murdered. Chase the crowd away and from the door and give me air. " Billy gasped for air,	,	PUNCT	and	CCONJ	 and
Double vowels are analyzed as two morae, so they are phonologically a vowel sequence and not a long vowel; they are also written as two vowels in the orthography. The only diphthong in the language is / ai /, which occurs only at the ends of	of	ADP	words	NOUN	 words
By January 1945, the ship was involved in the shelling of Iwo Jima, Haha jima, and Chichi jima. On 3 September 1945, Commodore John H. Magruder accepted the surrender of the Bonin Islands by Lt. General Yoshio Tachibana on board the destroyer. Dunlap	Dunlap	PROPN	sailed	VERB	 sailed
When the Clinton pastorate proved too arduous in 1853, Cleveland's father took an assignment in Holland Patent, New York, near Utica and the family moved again. Shortly after, he died. Cleveland received his elementary education at the Fayetteville Academy and the Clinton Liberal	Liberal	PROPN	Academy	PROPN	 Academy
In the 1960s and 1970s, however, Gérard Debreu and Stephen Smale led a revival of the use of differential calculus in mathematical economics. In particular, they were able to prove the existence of a general equilibrium, where earlier writers had failed, because of their	their	PRON	novel	NOUN	 novel
In February 2010, the Pacific Battleship Center (PBC) was behind efforts to have the ship berthed in San Pedro, Los Angeles, California. In late February the Port of Los Angeles (which includes the San Pedro area) rejected a proposal by the PBC	PBC	PROPN	to	PART	 to
Whitney agrees to go on a date with Tyler and they agree to have sex but Whitney is unsure as she remembers her past and runs out, telling Tyler she never wants to see him again. Tyler is hurt. He later tells Fatboy she needs a shrink	shrink	NOUN	which	PRON	 which
Chet's face is near expressionless throughout. The characters are distanced from the reader, inviting neither empathy nor identification. To cartoonist and critic Pepo Pérez, this is a challenge to readers to understand the characters. In the appendix to the " New Definitive Edition "	"	PUNCT	,	PUNCT	,
After averaging 40.3 points per game, they were ranked No. 5. Virginia Tech's offense was led by quarterback Michael Vick, who carried the ball 104 times for 617 yards and eight touchdowns despite an ankle injury that limited his mobility in the final six games	games	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
There is no common notation for empty matrices, but most computer algebra systems allow creating and computing with them. The determinant of the 0 by 0 matrix is 1 as follows from regarding the empty product occurring in the Leibniz formula for the determinant as 1. This	This	DET	value	NOUN	 value
In 2005, the community of Narrowsburg, New York, several miles upstream, requested that Pennsylvania Department of Transportation replace the 102 year old structure. It had already had its weight limits reduced. The same year, an engineering firm in Millburn, New Jersey reported	reported	VERB	replacing	VERB	 replacing
Minister of Transport, Kjell Opseth and director of SAS in Norway, Jan Reinås, both proposed a merger between Braathens SAFE and SAS, to ensure that the company had a 100% market share on the primary routes before the merger. This would, according to	to	ADP	them	PRON	 them
Characters can be made as strong or as fast as the user wants, and allows the player to experience the game in a way that would not normally be possible within the game's mechanics. Morrowind is well known for its ability to be changed by plugins (	(	PUNCT	often	ADV	often
Later, in " Jupiter Jazz ", Spike hears that Julia was seen on Callisto and abandons the Bebop to look for her. Once there, he stumbles into a drug deal orchestrated by Gren, a man Vicious betrayed who is seeking revenge. During their confrontation	confrontation	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
Beginning in 1984 the New Order government used Pengkhianatan G30S / PKI as a propaganda vehicle, showing it annually on 30 September. The film was broadcast by the state owned network TVRI, and later on private television stations after they were established. It was also shown	shown	VERB	at	ADP	 at
German attempts to involve the Belgian authorities and local government in its implementation began to arouse protest from 1942. The Committee of Secretary Generals, a panel of Belgian senior civil servants tasked with implementing German demands, refused from the outset to enforce anti Jewish legislation. In	In	ADP	June	PROPN	 June
He performed well on his first two patrols and was given his own command, HMS Prize, in February 1917. He was awarded the Victoria Cross for his actions while on his first patrol as captain, when the Prize engaged and saw off a German U boat	boat	NOUN	that	PRON	 that
Maine was 393 feet 11 inches (120.07 m) long overall and had a beam of 72 ft 3 in (22.02 m) and a draft of 24 ft 4 in (7.42 m). She displaced 12,846 long tons (13,052 t) as designed and	and	CCONJ	up	ADP	 up
In 1966 the New York Mattachine held a " sip in " at a Greenwich Village bar named Julius, which was frequented by gay men, to illustrate the discrimination homosexuals faced. None of the bars frequented by gays and lesbians were owned by gay people. Almost	Almost	ADV	all	PRON	 all
The shootout has proven controversial; critics have called it a gimmick, and expressed fierce opposition to any suggestion of using it to decide playoff games, though the league has not pushed for this to happen. It has also been argued that teams are playing it safe	safe	ADJ	,	PUNCT	,
Kama is ordered to spread love in the world by shooting his flower arrows and Prajapati Daksha is requested to present a wife to Kama. Kama first uses his arrows against Brahma and the Prajapatis, who are all incestuously attracted to Brahma's daughter Sandhya (" Twilight	Twilight	NOUN	dawn	NOUN	 dawn
In 1970, Brazil's third victory in the tournament entitled them to keep the trophy permanently. However, the trophy was stolen in 1983 and has never been recovered, apparently melted down by the thieves. After 1970, a new trophy, known as the FIFA	FIFA	PROPN	World	PROPN	 World
Observations of Titan prior to the space age were limited. In 1907 Spanish astronomer Josep Comas i Solà observed limb darkening of Titan, the first evidence that the body has an atmosphere. In 1944 Gerard P. Kuiper used a spectroscopic technique to detect an atmosphere of methane	methane	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
The panels would be installed and maintained for at least 20 years by an outside contractor. Bidding began in May 2012, with the stipulation that the solar array would be operational by the spring of 2013. The contract was chosen in September 2012, with a revised	revised	VERB	completion	NOUN	 completion
Charges he leveled against Harrison in Cleveland were so poorly received that they touched off a riot in the city. In the end, Johnson received only forty eight electoral votes. One elector from Virginia and all eleven from South Carolina voted for Van Buren for president but	but	CCONJ	selected	VERB	 selected
However, following 2,000 objections from local people and the opposition of the Scottish Government's reporter, East Renfrewshire Council abandoned the plans in October 2011. Giffnock is represented by several tiers of elected government. Giffnock Community Council forms the lowest tier of governance whose statutory role	role	NOUN	is	AUX	 is
He returned to the team for the third place playoff against Uruguay and scored the first goal, his fifth of the tournament, as Germany won 3 – 2 to take the bronze medals. The team's success was a culmination of a series of changes made after	after	ADP	the	DET	 the
In 1415, the Italian architect Filippo Brunelleschi and his friend Leon Battista Alberti demonstrated the geometrical method of applying perspective in Florence, using similar triangles as formulated by Euclid, to find the apparent height of distant objects. Brunelleschi's own perspective paintings are lost, but	but	CCONJ	Masaccio	PROPN	 Masaccio
The darker possibility also remains that the dream state represents the fulfilment of the lover's fantasy through the death of the beloved. In falling asleep while approaching his beloved's home, the lover betrays his own reluctance to be with Lucy. Wordsworth made numerous revisions to	to	ADP	each	PRON	 each
Proposed interchanges of Rt 53: IL Rt 22 - unknown innovative interchange design, Midlothian Rd - design not yet proposed, Peterson Rd - Village of Grayslake proposes a folded diamond interchange to reduce land acquisitions, 120 bypass - Village of Grayslake proposes a triple stack interchange	interchange	NOUN	complex	ADJ	 complex
The player creates an avatar within Jedi Knight and selects a ranking, with higher rankings having access to more Force powers. The player can also edit their avatar's " skin " and lightsaber color. There are two types of game in Jedi Knight's multiplayer mode	mode	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
After the Turchino, the route followed the Aurelia road along the coast from Genoa all the way to the finish in San Remo. With a little over 50 km (31 mi) left to go, the first of the coastal climbs started with the Capo Mele	Mele	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
In retaliation, the Venetians plundered several Byzantine islands, and, with the Byzantine fleet unable to confront them, John was forced to renew the treaty in 1125. Evidently the Byzantine navy at this point was not sufficiently powerful for John to successfully confront Venice, especially	especially	ADV	since	SCONJ	 since
No deaths, injuries or significant damages were reported in Hawaiʻi. Although John passed within 25 km (16 mi) of Johnston Atoll, it had weakened greatly to a Category 1 system by closest approach. Prior to the storm's arrival, waves between 20 and	and	CCONJ	30	NUM	 30
Seemingly, he was also willing to work the other side of the political divide: in 1659 he painted Colonel John Russell who was a player in the " Sealed Knot " conspiracy to restore Charles II to the throne. That particular portrait is regarded by at least	least	ADV	one	NUM	 one
Fought at the junction of the east west and north south roads on the eastern side of the Black Forest, the day long battle at Stockach and Engen pitted the two armies against each other for the second time in seven days. The Austrians still had the numerical	numerical	ADJ	superiority	NOUN	 superiority
Cleveland won all of its games in 1948, recording professional football's first perfect season and beating the Buffalo Bills in the championship game. The Browns won the championship again in 1949, but the AAFC dissolved after the season and the Browns were absorbed by the more	more	ADV	established	ADJ	 established
Except for the strong Chinese resistances against the ROK II Corps, the Eighth Army met little opposition, and the line between Chongju to Yongwon was occupied on the night of the November 25. Despite the lack of manpower, the US Eighth Army had three and half	half	ADJ	times	NOUN	 times
The workhouse was in truth at that time a kind of manufactory, carried on at the risk and cost of the poor rate, employing the worst description of the people, and helping to pauperise the best. By 1832 the amount spent on poor relief nationally had	had	AUX	risen	VERB	 risen
It required only two wires, but a more complex code and slower transmission speed. Whereas the two needle system needed a three unit code (that is, up to three movements of the needles to represent each letter), the one needle system used a four	four	NUM	unit	NOUN	 unit
In 2012 and 2013, the creek's discharge at this location ranged from 29 to 379 cubic feet (0.82 to 10.73 m3) per second. The discharge of the creek at Sonestown averages 44.9 cubic feet per second. The osmotic pressure of the stream's waters	waters	NOUN	at	ADP	 at
She served during the First World War, but saw no combat during the war due to the hesitance of both the Italian and Austro Hungarian navies to risk their capital ships in pitched battle. She remained in service as a training ship until 1923, when she was	was	AUX	stricken	VERB	 stricken
The system then moved over the open waters of the North Pacific and was last noted near the International Dateline on September 6. On August 30, Typhoon Agnes moved through the southern Ryukyu Islands, bringing strong winds and heavy rain to the region. Several islands received	received	VERB	more	ADJ	 more
They became impoverished and were forced to take loans from local Arabs, eventually falling into severe debt. Pressure and threats from the creditors led to a meshulach (rabbinical emissary) being sent to abroad to solicit funds for repayment of the loans. In late 1720,	,	PUNCT	with	ADP	 with
Arndt started the script on May 23, 2000 and completed the first rough draft by May 26. He had initially planned on shooting the film himself by raising several thousand dollars and using a camcorder. Instead, he gave the screenplay to producers Ron Yerxa and Albert	Albert	PROPN	Berger	PROPN	 Berger
The next day, she collided with Amazon and eventually sank, with the loss of one man drowned. Amazon sailed from Portsmouth for Jamaica with Severn and Scorpion on 26 April 1800 as escorts for a large convoy. Amazon would only accompany the convoy to " a	a	DET	certain	ADJ	 certain
The Reformist Party supported privatization, opposing the Modernist Party, which had dominated politics during the reign of Emperor Wu and the subsequent regency of Huo Guang (d. 68 BC). The Modernists argued that state monopolies provided abundant raw materials, good working conditions, and	and	CCONJ	high	ADJ	 high
... Taken all together, the genuine material on Inguar in contemporary English sources is slight ". He also states " there is nothing new in the suggestion that Ímar of Dublin and Igwar / Ingwar / Iuuar of English history are identical. It has frequently been put	put	VERB	forward	ADV	 forward
Remnants of a 15,000 to 17,000 years old Magdalenian culture dwelling (a dugout cabin site with traces of supporting posts, a hearth and imported materials) were discovered recently in Ćmielów, Ostrowiec Świętokrzyski County. Traces of younger (Final Paleolithic) campsites identified with the Swiderian	Swiderian	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
The first church in Leeds is thought to have been built around 600 AD. Leeds, like many industrial cities, has little remaining medieval architecture. The lack of Medieval architecture in central Leeds may be attributed to the small size of the town during the majority of	of	ADP	the	DET	 the
The second was a church, dedicated to St. Mary, which stood on the site of the Scottish National War Memorial. Given that the southern part of the Upper Ward (where Crown Square is now sited) was not suited to being built upon until the construction	construction	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
Her boss, Jack Donaghy (Alec Baldwin), warns her not to attempt revenge; nevertheless, Liz invites Floyd to a seafood restaurant where she had food poisoning on three separate occasions. He does not get food poisoning, but instead, Floyd, a recovering	recovering	VERB	alcoholic	NOUN	 alcoholic
It is one of the three species of camel that was given its current binomial name by Carl Linnaeus in 1758. The dromedary is the largest camel after the Bactrian camel; adult males stand 1.8 – 2 m (5.9 – 6.6 ft) at the shoulder,	,	PUNCT	while	SCONJ	 while
Despite Negev's achievements, they were also given an order to retreat, as the Israeli command did not wish to fight in broad daylight. The retreating forces had no choice but to use a route similar to the ones they came from, which slowed down their	their	PRON	movement	NOUN	 movement
" Yolanda Sangweni of Essence magazine stated that " on songs like ' Rather Die Young ' and ' Party ', [Beyoncé] reminds us her vocal chops are what got her here. " Brad Wete of Entertainment Weekly stated that " Party " was among the	the	DET	several	ADJ	 several
The result was curvy streets surrounding " mini parks " comprising a total of 25 acres (100,000 m2). In 1912, these parks were deeded to the city. In 1909, the sons of Frederick Law Olmsted, landscape architect for Central Park in New York	York	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
Originally, the right side of the skull also was covered with large patches of skin — this was not recognized when the skull was prepared, and these patches were accidentally destroyed. Still, the surface texture of much of the right side of the skull is very	very	ADV	different	ADJ	 different
Sullivan and Burnand's second opera, The Contrabandista (1867) was not as successful. In 1871, producer John Hollingshead brought Gilbert and Sullivan together to produce a Christmas entertainment, Thespis, at his Gaiety Theatre, a large West End house. The piece was	was	AUX	an	DET	 an
Whale was born in Dudley, England, the sixth of the seven children of William, a blast furnaceman, and Sarah, a nurse. He attended Kates Hill Board School, followed by Bayliss Charity School and finally Dudley Blue Coat School. His attendance stopped in	in	ADP	his	PRON	 his
Edge was placed on the Raw brand in the 2004 WWE draft lottery after WrestleMania XX and returned to in ring action shortly after the event. At Backlash, Edge defeated Kane, and on the April 19, 2004 episode of Raw, he and Chris Benoit won	won	VERB	the	DET	 the
In the wake of the 2004 Tsunami the " FC Bayern – Hilfe e. V. " was founded, a foundation that aims to concentrate the social engagements of the club. At its inception this venture was funded with €600,000, raised by officials and players of the	the	DET	club	NOUN	 club
Indigenous Scottish wildflowers and plants cover much of the area, blending the Parliament's grounds with the nearby Holyrood Park and Salisbury Crags. Oak, Rowan, Lime and Cherry trees have also been planted in the grounds. Adjacent to the landscaped area of the complex,	,	PUNCT	where	SCONJ	 where
Paul Jacobi was decommissioned five days later at Flensburg and sailed to Wilhelmshaven under British control on 21 May to have her fate determined. France was initially denied any of the captured ships, but eventually received Paul Jacobi and three other destroyers. She arrived in Cherbourg on	on	ADP	15	NUM	 15
Z7 Hermann Schoemann, named after Lieutenant (Kapitänleutnant) Hermann Schoemann, was ordered on 9 January 1935 and laid down at DeSchiMAG, Bremen on 7 September 1935 as yard number W901. She was launched on 16 July 1936 and completed on 9 September 1937 under the	the	DET	command	NOUN	 command
The Canadian Parliament ratified the terms after a debate over the high cost that cabinet member Alexander Morris described as the worst fight the Conservatives had had since Confederation. There were continuing disputes with the Americans over deep sea fishing rights, and in early 1871, an Anglo	Anglo	PROPN	American	ADJ	 American
If consumed, curium is excreted within a few days and only 0.05% is absorbed in the blood. From there, about 45% goes to the liver, 45% to the bones, and the remaining 10% is excreted. In the bone, curium	curium	NOUN	accumulates	VERB	 accumulates
Despite this over, only 44 runs came in the first hour, meaning that 360 runs were needed in 285 minutes. After his poor first over, Laker had settled down and conceded only two runs from his next six overs. The frustrated crowd heckled the Australian	Australian	ADJ	openers	NOUN	 openers
He played in 20 games over the course of his NFL career. Junkin played four years of college football at Duke University. In the 1987 NFL Draft, the Cleveland Browns traded up to select him with the fifth overall pick. He played in parts of two	two	NUM	seasons	NOUN	 seasons
The episode premiered on the Fox network on November 25, 2009. It was written by series creator Ian Brennan and directed by Bill D ' Elia. The episode introduces New Directions ' rival glee clubs, the Jane Addams Girls Choir for girls recently released from juvenile	juvenile	ADJ	detention	NOUN	 detention
They wore short and spiked hairstyles or shaved heads, often with safety pins and ripped clothes and considered musical prowess unimportant as long as the music was simple and loud. However, not all working class male youths embraced the punk movement; some preferred to escape from	from	ADP	their	PRON	 their
Soccer would then become easy. " He played in the wartime league, before making his debut in the Football League on the opening day of the 1946 – 47 season, a 3 – 0 defeat to Manchester City, who would go on to win the Second	Second	PROPN	Division	PROPN	 Division
The shop and its record label have since closed. All throughout 2003, DJ Hatcha pioneered a new direction for dubstep on Rinse FM and through his sets at Forward>>. Playing sets cut to 10 " one off reggae style dubplates, he drew exclusively from	from	ADP	a	DET	 a
Aliferi sued the township, taking the case to the New Jersey Superior Court. A judge sided with Aliferi, citing that the developer can bring the proposal back to the council. On February 21, 2007, the proposal was rejected again, partially citing that Aliferi	Aliferi	PROPN	has	VERB	 has
In a September 2011 statement, the Ministry of Information, Communications and the Arts justified the NPPA's existence, stating: " The various safeguards provided for in the NPPA help to ensure that the media operating in Singapore play a responsible role and that publishers are accountable	accountable	ADJ	for	ADP	 for
Players use a guitar controller to hold down fret keys and strum on the strum bar in time with the note patterns as they scroll down the screen in order to complete a song. The player's performance is tracked by a Rock Meter, and if it falls	falls	VERB	too	ADV	 too
The Church Avenue connection would have utilized the lower level yard just south of the station, currently used to relay terminating G trains. None of these plans were ever funded, due to the onset of the Great Depression and, subsequently, World War II. In	In	ADP	1945	NUM	 1945
In 2000, the festival organizers agreed to release some of the concerts to the public via compact disc recordings. In 2009, architects Zaha Hadid and Ben van Berkel were invited to design and build two pavilions on the Chase Promenade South, to commemorate the 100th anniversary	anniversary	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
Geoffroy's tamarin is rarely observed in the vicinity of squirrels, although this appears to be the result of the squirrels avoiding interactions with the larger tamarins. Geoffroy's tamarin generally attempts to escape when birds of prey approach, regardless of whether the bird presents a true	true	ADJ	danger	NOUN	 danger
Retaining an interest in Libyan UK relations, he visited Megrahi in Barlinnie prison and spoke out against the conditions of his treatment, referring to them as " psychological persecution ". In June 2004, aged 85 and amid failing health, Mandela announced that he was "	"	PUNCT	retiring	VERB	 retiring
The final stage is the disappearance of the tail, but this takes place rather later, the tissue being used to produce a spurt of growth in the limbs. Frogs are at their most vulnerable to predators when they are undergoing metamorphosis. At this time, the	the	DET	tail	NOUN	 tail
That made Cleveland's entry into the NFL in the 1950 season the first test of whether its early supremacy could continue into a more established league. The proof came quickly: Cleveland's NFL regular season opener was against the two time defending champion Philadelphia Eagles on September	September	PROPN	16	NUM	 16
Born a Duchess of Bavaria, the youngest child of Elector Ferdinand Maria, she married the heir to the Tuscan throne, Ferdinando de ' Medici, in 1689. Violante Beatrice loved him but Ferdinando did not return her affection, declaring her too ugly and too dull	dull	ADJ	.	PUNCT	.
Of rhythm they explore varying definitions, applications, typology, and artistic value. They then discuss theories of meter and their shortcomings, noting that the metric foundation differs between languages and stressing that meaning should not be divorced from meter. Language, meanwhile, they describe	describe	VERB	as	ADP	 as
He also asks her to sell some stolen jewellery for him and she agrees. Whitney falls for Connor, but after it is revealed that Connor has been sleeping with Bianca's mother Carol Jackson (Lindsey Coulson) and Whitney, Bianca attacks him and turns herself in	in	ADP	to	ADP	 to
Returning to Australia in 1902, Newland re settled in Victoria and joined the Royal Australian Artillery in July the following year. He served in the artillery for over four years, before transferring to the militia in September 1907. In 1909, he became a police officer	officer	NOUN	in	ADP	 in
Immediately following the self immolation, the Falun Dafa Information Center denied that the self immolators could have been Falun Gong practitioners, emphatically pointing out that Falun Gong's teachings do not sanction any form of violence, and that suicide is considered a sin. Falun Gong sources	sources	NOUN	overseas	ADV	 overseas
Martin Carver has speculated that historians could use regal lists and other sources of information to identify the occupants, whilst acknowledging that no material evidence exists to support the theory that Eorpwald or other members of his family are buried there. He has used Eorpwald's relationship as	as	SCONJ	the	DET	 the
In September 1995, Thompson and Branagh announced that they had separated; their statement to the press blamed their work schedules, but it later emerged that he had fallen in love with actress Helena Bonham Carter. Thompson was living alone as the relationship with Branagh deteriorated,	,	PUNCT	and	CCONJ	 and
His lack of experienced engineers caused the state of French defences to be repeatedly misread. What is clear is that Abercrombie, in his stated desire for haste, did not want to act on Clerk's recommendation to fortify Rattlesnake Hill, and then sought to blame Clerk	Clerk	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
Each ear was made of latex and other ingredients blended together in a kitchen mixer, then baked for six hours. Though Phillips had saved the original television series casts used for making the appliances, Nimoy's ears had grown in the decade since and new molds had	had	VERB	to	PART	 to
Abelisaurids thrived during the Cretaceous Period, on the ancient southern supercontinent of Gondwana, and today their fossil remains are found on the modern continents of Africa and South America, as well as on the Indian subcontinent and the island of Madagascar. Reports based on isolated teeth	teeth	NOUN	show	VERB	 show
Foster used this property to develop two canonical forms for realising these networks. Foster's work was an important starting point for the development of network synthesis. It is possible to construct non Foster networks using active components such as amplifiers. These can generate an impedance equivalent	equivalent	ADJ	to	ADP	 to
Both in the past and more recently, Prokui had been driven from his lands by the king and his wife had been taken captive. When he was unable to free her, his nephew arranged for her unconditional release, even though he was Prokui's enemy.	.	PUNCT	I	PRON	 I
The 1940s were a decade marked with controversy for Chaplin, and his popularity declined rapidly. He was accused of communist sympathies, while his involvement in a paternity suit and marriages to much younger women caused scandal. An FBI investigation was opened, and Chaplin was forced	forced	VERB	to	PART	 to
The church bells, which were described by a local journalist for the Manchester Courier and Lancashire General Advertiser as " among the best peal of bells in Manchester ", were rehung in 1832 and again around 1883. The tower had clock dials on all four sides.	.	PUNCT	A	DET	 A
In " Dream On ", Rachel confides in Jesse of her lifelong dream to discover the identity of her mother. While they are searching through boxes of records from her basement, Jesse takes a cassette tape from his jacket and pretends that it came from the box	box	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
" However, he was disappointed by how the storyline played out: " it didn't feel right that after the story the episode built around Brittany, it then felt that we needed to see Artie on his feet for it to be a truly happy ending.	.	PUNCT	"	PUNCT	 "
Although the monastery was generous in donations, Emperor Xuanzong issued a decree abolishing their treasury on grounds that their banking practices were fraudulent, collected their riches, and distributed the wealth to various other Buddhist monasteries and Daoist abbeys, and to repair statues, halls, and	and	CCONJ	bridges	NOUN	 bridges
They especially disapproved of a scene in which Homer smokes marijuana for the first time, since they did not want to instruct children how to smoke. The staff discussed the scene for a long time with the network until they came up with a compromise. Just before	before	SCONJ	the	DET	 the
The Wii supports the rating systems of many countries, including CERO in Japan, the USK in Germany, the PEGI and BBFC in the United Kingdom, the ACB in Australia and the OFLC in New Zealand. Homebrew developers have reverse engineered the function which Nintendo uses	uses	VERB	to	PART	 to
In April 2012, Pavithra Srinivasan of Rediff included the film in her list, " The A to Z of Tamil Cinema ". The character of Dharumi was parodied in Iruttula Thedatheenga, a theatrical play performed in November 2013. In a January 2015 interview with The	The	DET	Times	PROPN	 Times
" Fixed Star " was released as a single on February 20, 2013. She performed the song " Snap Out of It!! " together with Maon Kurosaki, which was included on the music collection Toaru Majutsu no TV Songs released on August 28, 2013	2013	NUM	.	PUNCT	.
After the war ended, they both remained close friends and Holloway often stayed in The May Fair where O'Leary later worked as a concierge. Leaving his wife Greta and their two children in Britain, O'Leary returned to Canada in March 1921 with the purported intention of rejoining	rejoining	VERB	the	DET	 the
Critic John S. Wilson described Flanagan's solo piano style on ballads in 1978: " He drifts through ballads with a dreamy langourous flow, but it is not a soft or flabby style. There is, beneath the surface, a vitality that gives it a lean	lean	ADJ	,	PUNCT	,
The park has been credited with increasing residential real estate values by $100 per square foot ($1,076 per m2). Millennium Park is a portion of the 319 acre (1.3 km2) Grant Park, known as the " front lawn " of downtown Chicago	Chicago	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
The album entered the top five in Spain. The first single, " Una Canción Me Trajo Hasta Aquí ", also received praise. La Trama Circular, a DVD documentary about the recording sessions, is included on the standard edition of the album. On September	September	PROPN	8	NUM	 8
During the ensuing Battle of Port Moresby, he claimed three Japanese aircraft. Turnbull took over command of No. 76 Squadron in May, leading it into the Battle of Milne Bay later that year. He was killed during a mission on 27 August 1942; an	an	DET	Allied	PROPN	 Allied
Watches were used and adjusted each evening using the GMT time check. One major problem faced early on by the LRDG was a lack of accurate maps for Libya in particular. Patrols had to do their own surveys and make their own maps of each route they took	took	VERB	.	PUNCT	.
Its distribution extends from the Indus Delta north to the Kabul River near Nowshera and the Jhelum near Nurpur Noon, extending east into India as far as the Delhi area. It also breeds locally in parts of Pakistan's western province of Balochistan, and has been recorded	recorded	VERB	several	ADJ	 several
Now research was reported by the publication of " papers " that emanated from research " schools " that promoted the questioning of conventional wisdom. This process had started in the late 18th century when specialist journals began to appear. Even so, botany was greatly stimulated by	by	ADP	the	DET	 the
Even though Stowe's novel differs from other sentimental novels by focusing on a large theme like slavery and by having a man as the main character, she still set out to elicit certain strong feelings from her readers. The power in this type of writing can be	be	AUX	seen	VERB	 seen
Charlie Lieb developed the first downhole heat exchanger in 1930 to heat his house. Steam and hot water from geysers began heating homes in Iceland starting in 1943. In the 20th century, demand for electricity led to the consideration of geothermal power as a generating source.	.	PUNCT	Prince	PROPN	 Prince
Only crew who needed to take measurements, or who maintained them, were allowed access, measures which indicate the importance attached to these instruments. The Beagle voyage succeeded, for the first time, in establishing a linked chain of reference points around the globe of known	known	VERB	longitude	NOUN	 longitude
All paragliders and most hang gliders have no protective structure around the pilot. However, the dividing line between basic gliders and sophisticated hang gliders is becoming less distinct. For example, hang gliders typically use fabric wings, shaped over a framework, but hang gliders with	with	ADP	rigid	ADJ	 rigid
Beyoncé learned some of the choreography from Shakira, who created most of them and taught Beyoncé some belly dancing moves. Beyoncé originated the idea of playing a lookalike after an experience when she saw a boy dancing, and thought he was performing before a mirror, but	but	CCONJ	realized	VERB	 realized
He had trouble fitting in at the school, and discovered gangs and rock and roll. He was expelled at 15 and found work on a building site. In 1959 he started the Detours, the band that was to evolve into the Who. The band played	played	VERB	professional	ADJ	 professional
In this episode, on the night of a show, head writer Liz Lemon grows increasingly infuriated when no one seems to remember her 40th birthday. Just before TGS's live taping, Tracy Jordan decides to break character, to his co workers ' chagrin. Meanwhile	Meanwhile	ADV	,	PUNCT	,
The two ships were forced to stop at Ship Island so Chickasaw's engines could be repaired. That required only a day and the sidewheel gunboat Metacomet towed the monitor the rest of the way. Farragut briefed Lieutenant Commander George H. Perkins, Chickasaw's commander, on	on	ADP	his	PRON	 his
It was dark and warm and brown. When you go inside, you can barely see things, but when you're outside, it's just blaring. " To create the Mexican town featured in the episode, scenes were filmed at a small town located outside	outside	ADV	of	ADP	 of
Because of this, the Chittenango ovate amber snail is referred to in many publications as Succinea ovalis chittenangoensis. Pilsbry placed Succinea ovalis in the subgenus Novisuccinea in 1948. Alan Solem (1976) considered this snail to be merely a form of Succinea ovalis, citing similarities	similarities	NOUN	in	ADP	 in
Davis was reelected in 1834, aided by a general dislike in Massachusetts for President Jackson's attacks on the Second Bank of the United States. During these two terms, Davis made no particular initiatives of his own, continuing Lincoln's business friendly fiscal and economic policies	policies	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
This led to a general decline in the house and its grounds. Professor George Gilbert Pond was the first person to make a significant effort to establish a permanent Priestley museum at the Priestley House. After raising sufficient funds, he managed to purchase the home at auction	auction	NOUN	for	ADP	 for
Season long suspensions were considered a possibility, but Landis decided to suspend the pair for six weeks. Despite the setback, New York had 94 wins and repeated as AL champions. The St. Louis Browns were the closest pursuers, finishing one game behind New York.	.	PUNCT	In	ADP	 In
The country also suffered from shortages of fuel and potable water even before the disaster. President Préval and government ministers used police headquarters near the Toussaint L ' Ouverture International Airport as their new base of operations, although their effectiveness was extremely limited; several parliamentarians were still	still	ADV	trapped	VERB	 trapped
Starring Peter Breck, Peggy McCay, Carroll O'Connor, and Angela Cartwright, the film blends several of the short stories featured in the novel, with the heroic Lad winning a rigged dog show, saving a handicapped girl from a snake, and capturing a poacher who	who	PRON	killed	VERB	 killed
The mill stands on a site where a mill was first recorded in the Domesday Book, but the present building was constructed around 1780. It closed in 1962 but was restored in 1979 and is still used to grind flour. The equipment is powered by two overshot	overshot	ADJ	wheels	NOUN	 wheels
Furthermore, substantial repairs on the rigging were needed, and she needed her hull heated to kill worms. La Poype de Vertrieu wrote " it appears that Marseillois shall never be an exceptional sailor, but I am convinced that she will give satisfaction ". After the	the	DET	repairs	NOUN	 repairs
At the age of ten Bennett was admitted to the London Royal Academy of Music (RAM), where he remained for ten years. By the age of twenty, he had begun to make a reputation as a concert pianist, and his compositions received high praise	praise	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
Sellafield has a history of environmental and safety problems, including a fire in a nuclear plant in Windscale, and a significant incident in 2005 at the main reprocessing plant (THORP). In 1982 the Nuclear Industry Radioactive Waste Management Executive (NIREX) was established with	with	ADP	responsibility	NOUN	 responsibility
On arrival in Haiti, Madeleine Short reunites with her fiancé Neil Parker, with imminent plans to be married. On the way to their lodging, the couple's coach passes Murder Legendre, an evil voodoo master, who observes them with interest and manages to grab	grab	VERB	Madeleine	PROPN	 Madeleine
In the 1990s, proposals were made to establish a law school, a medical school, and a school of public policy at UCR, with the UCR School of Medicine and the School of Public Policy becoming reality in 2012. In June 2006, UCR received its	its	PRON	largest	ADJ	 largest
S. t. salicamans occurs west of the Sierra Nevada range during the summer and in south and central Baja California Peninsula to the Mojave Desert and Colorado Desert in winter. In winter, the plumage of both sexes is browner than other subspecies, and in summer, the	the	DET	male	NOUN	 male
Americans love to fight. All real Americans love the sting and clash of battle. When you were kids, you all admired the champion marble shooter, the fastest runner, the big league ball players and the toughest boxers. Americans love a winner and will not	not	PART	tolerate	VERB	 tolerate
Chris and Sheva follow Wesker to a bomber loaded with missiles containing the Uroboros virus, injecting him with additional doses. Wesker tries to escape on the bomber; Chris and Sheva disable it, making him crash land in a volcano. Furious ‚ Wesker exposes himself to	to	ADP	Uroboros	PROPN	 Uroboros
The score remained the same, but the sound was touched up and converted to Dolby Digital. The orchestral part was re recorded with live musicians, but the original solo vocals were retained. The cost was reported to be between ₹ 2.6 million (US $39,000	39,000	NUM	)	PUNCT	)
" Mattel described them as " the first reality based fashion doll brand " with " authentic style, attitude and values. " Jerry Bossick, a Mattel senior vice president said: " Older girls want a doll that represents realistic aspirations. " Mattel representative Julia Jensen	Jensen	PROPN	said	VERB	 said
Schwarz Unax Ugalde as Roberto " El Vaquerito " Rodríguez Joaquim de Almeida as René Barrientos Originally, Che was intended to be a much more traditional film based on Jon Lee Anderson's 1997 biography Che Guevara: A Revolutionary Life. Actor Benicio del Toro and producer Laura	Laura	PROPN	Bickford	PROPN	 Bickford
Mephedrone was first seized in France in May 2007, after police sent a tablet they assumed to be ecstasy to be analysed, with the discovery published in a paper titled " Is 4 methylephedrone, an " Ecstasy " of the twenty first century? " Mephedrone was	was	AUX	reported	VERB	 reported
An imposing figure in the centre of defence thanks to his stature, Carlisle also provided an attacking threat from set pieces. He is a practising Christian and regularly attends church. He attended Balshaw's Church of England High School where he attained 10 A grades at GCSE	GCSE	PROPN	and	CCONJ	 and
Bynoe serves on several boards of directors. Born in Boston, Massachusetts, Bynoe came from a well respected family. His father Victor C. Bynoe, had emigrated from his native Barbados at age 13, and after graduating from Northeastern University with degrees in Civil Engineering and	and	CCONJ	Law	PROPN	 Law
Princeton went on to win the tournament, its first NCAA national championship. During the 1993 NCAA Division I Men's Lacrosse Championship tournament, Morrow shut down Loyola's Kevin Beach, who had 6 goals in the first round game. He was selected to the All	All	PRON	tournament	NOUN	 tournament
The roadway leaves the commercial corridor and returns to woodland before the intersection with Forestville Road and Commerce Drive. Wright Street curves to the northeast and then the east crossing into the westernmost section of the City of Marquette. As Wright Street continues eastward, it runs through	through	ADP	a	DET	 a
Overlord Karellen, the " Supervisor for Earth, " who speaks directly only to Rikki Stormgren, the UN Secretary General, tells Stormgren that the Overlords will reveal themselves in 50 years, when humanity will have become used to their presence. Stormgren smuggles a device onto	onto	ADP	Karellen	PROPN	 Karellen
(There's no getting away from it) so why even try? " Upon their meeting, Martin presented songs he wrote with Dr. Luke. These songs include " Since U Been Gone " and a demo version of what would have been " Behind These Hazel	Hazel	ADJ	Eyes	NOUN	 Eyes
The cyclone, then a tropical depression, tracked to the west northwest through the islands, slowly strengthening into a tropical storm on September 18. It attained hurricane strength on September 19 near Jamaica, then began a period of rapid intensification south of that island. On	On	ADP	September	PROPN	 September
Kimball's presidency was noted for the 1978 announcement ending the restriction on church members of black African descent being ordained to the priesthood or receiving temple ordinances. Kimball's presidency saw large growth in the LDS Church, both in terms of membership and the number of temples	temples	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
The rear of the car was completely redesigned, with the rear wing no longer part of the long tail bodywork. Instead, the wing hung off the rear of the car, attached only by struts at the center. As the 1987 season continued on, modifications	modifications	NOUN	were	AUX	 were
Nagle always worked hard and subsidised their income by making cream teas, cleaning windows and scrubbing toilets. The couple had two children, a son, David, and a daughter, Patricia. The marriage was not a success, and her husband ran off with one	one	NUM	of	ADP	 of
There's something real repressed about it. In a way, it's more twisted than my stuff. It's really twisted in some kind of weird, unfunny way.... I didn't like that sex attitude in it very much. It's like real repressed	repressed	ADJ	horniness	NOUN	 horniness
Tiring of his position as county archaeologist, finding it " too safe, pensionable and superannuable ", in 1978 he returned to Oxfordshire to take up a temporary position as a tutor in archaeology and local studies at Oxford University's External Studies Department. That year he	he	PRON	co	VERB	 co
Women could now serve in the Navy as an officer or at an enlisted level, with a rank or rating consistent with that of the regular Navy. Volunteers could only serve for the duration of the war, plus six months, but just in the continental United	United	PROPN	States	PROPN	 States
The district has 127 libraries supported by the government, one private library and one district library. One of the most popular outdoor sports in the villages of Birbhum used to be danguli (literal meaning " ball and stick "). However, in recent times cricket	cricket	NOUN	has	AUX	 has
Born in Oslo in 1864 to a Norwegian father and an English mother, Carsten Borchgrevink emigrated to Australia in 1888, where he worked on survey teams in the interior before accepting a provincial schoolteaching appointment in New South Wales. In 1894 he joined a commercial expedition,	,	PUNCT	led	VERB	 led
The last geographic feature of the Rocky Mountains traversed before the highway reaches the Great Plains is the Dakota Hogback. The path through the hogback features a massive cut that exposes various layers of rock millions of years old. The site includes a nature study area for visitors	visitors	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
Bomb responded, and the two brawled briefly. Leading up to Survivor Series, Bomb and Bigelow faced each other at several house shows. The Heavenly Bodies were not members of DiBiase's stable, but they competed on behalf of the group. At the time,	,	PUNCT	they	PRON	 they
The main part of the belt terminated in seven inch (178 mm) transverse bulkheads. Above the belt was the upper strake of six inch armour that was 156 feet (47.5 m) long and closed off by six inch transverse bulkheads fore and aft. The	The	DET	upper	ADJ	 upper
His father had died in 1831, requiring Tennyson to return home and take responsibility for the family. Tennyson's friends were becoming increasingly concerned about his mental and physical health during this time. The family had little income, and three of Tennyson's brothers were mentally	mentally	ADV	ill	ADJ	 ill
The German battlecruisers were steaming to starboard, while the British ships steamed to port. At 17: 45, Scheer ordered a two point turn to port to bring his ships closer to the British battlecruisers, and a minute later, the order to open fire was	was	AUX	given	VERB	 given
Monthly estimated sales figures are as follows: Batgirl No. 1 with 81,489 copies (ranked 12th overall), Batgirl No. 2 with 75,227 (ranked 14th), Batgirl No. 3 with 62,974 (ranked 18th), Batgirl No. 4 with 53,975 (	(	PUNCT	ranked	VERB	ranked
He was reported to have been fitted with a pacemaker to control his heart rhythm abnormalities. Yevgeniy Chazov, the Chief of the Fourth Directorate of the Ministry of Health, had to keep doctors by Brezhnev's side at all times, and Brezhnev was brought back from	from	ADP	near	ADP	 near
Having handed over to Squadron Leader Bill Bostock on 22 November 1931, Cobby was promoted to wing commander on 1 May 1933 and subsequently served as RAAF Director of Intelligence. In this position he headed an interdepartmental committee that was formed in August 1933 to examine the possibilities	possibilities	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
Gordon Van Kleeck, a private in Company F of the U.S. 51st Pioneer Infantry, one of the units aboard Kroonland on this trip, recorded his day to day activities in a journal. He stated that the soldiers wore overalls rather than uniforms, and were required	required	VERB	to	PART	 to
He held a conference on space manufacturing at Princeton in 1975. Many who became post Apollo era space activists attended. O'Neill built his first mass driver prototype with professor Henry Kolm in 1976. He considered mass drivers critical for extracting the mineral resources of the Moon and	and	CCONJ	asteroids	NOUN	 asteroids
When eating, men use a single spoon to fill their plates from the communal bowl and to eat the food on their plates, whereas women are required to use two separate spoons to fill their plates and to eat. Men are generally responsible for tilling the rice	rice	NOUN	fields	NOUN	 fields
While the domestic horse and donkey (along with their feral descendants) exist worldwide, wild equine populations are limited to Africa and Asia. Wild equine social systems come in two forms; a harem system with tight knit groups consisting of one adult male or stallion,	,	PUNCT	several	ADJ	 several
The men were stopped at a major trading port in Suriname on the north coast of South America where Greenwood was living at the time. Greenwood concocted a 22 figure tavern scene, showing himself among the affluent traders, many of whom were intoxicated. One of Hopkins	Hopkins	PROPN	'	PART	 '
He owed his name to the place where he taught, Melun in France. Robert studied under Peter Abelard and Hugh of St. Victor at the University of Paris, where in 1137 he succeeded Abelard as a teacher in the school on Mont Ste Geneviève. John of	of	ADP	Salisbury	PROPN	 Salisbury
Ives immediately announced that he strongly disagreed with the jury's findings, and that " the evidence does not warrant them ". On July 2, he issued his written ruling, overturning the jury's verdict and dismissing the action; his reason for doing so was	was	AUX	what	PRON	 what
In an article for the Akron Beacon Journal, Angela's Eyes main character Abigail Spencer was compared to Shawn Spencer, who was described as being " so good that people don't believe what he can figure out ". Psych was also described as having " a	a	DET	much	ADV	 much
Many projects were mooted since the 1990s for establishing museums of communism in Sofia, Dimitrovgrad, and Haskovo, but none came to fruition. During the same period, many monuments of the Soviet regime were destroyed or dismantled. During the summer of 2011 attempts to create	create	VERB	exhibits	NOUN	 exhibits
The area within Soviet territorial waters was off limits to the U.S., South Korean, and Japanese boats. From September 3 to 29, four ships from South Korea had joined in the search. Rear Admiral Walter T. Piotti Jr, commander of Task Force 71 of	of	ADP	7th	ADJ	 7th
The stone used in construction at the site is a soft limestone. This has resulted in severe erosion of the site's sculpture. The city of Calakmul was built in a strongly concentric fashion and can be divided into zones as one moves outwards from the centre of	of	ADP	the	DET	 the
It is the second largest and second most massive of the Uranian moons, and the ninth most massive moon in the Solar System. Discovered by William Herschel in 1787, Oberon is named after the mythical king of the fairies who appears as a character in Shakespeare's	's	PART	A	PRON	 A
So, therefore, although we consider it reflected glory on us and our people to keep the ashes and bones of the late brave and most magnificent captain John Hawkwood, who, as commander of our army, fought most gloriously for us and who at public expense	expense	NOUN	was	AUX	 was
It lies in a wooded area about 100 metres (330 ft) off the main road. The spring is believed by locals to have healing properties, and its water has been bottled commercially by Fraser and Neave, under the brand name of Seletaris. Since its	its	PRON	discovery	NOUN	 discovery
Their main battery turrets had 4 in thick faces and the supporting barbettes had 13.75 in (349 mm) thick steel. The secondary guns had 2 in (51 mm) thick gun shields. For their first decade in service, all three ships saw duty in	in	ADP	the	DET	 the
He maintained contact with his former comrades from the 6th SS Division, attending many reunions. On 12 September 1990 at the age of 82, he was returning home from the Semmering Pass in eastern Austria when he was killed in a traffic accident. Born Helmuth Hans	Hans	PROPN	Walter	PROPN	 Walter
Bognetti believes that Longinus may have planned to make the Lombards weaker by depriving them of any legitimate heir. In addition, because of the ongoing war, it was hard to assemble all the warriors to elect a new king formally. This plan was brought to nothing	nothing	PRON	by	ADP	 by
Dalton hypothesized this was due to the differences in mass and complexity of the gases ' respective particles. Indeed, carbon dioxide molecules (CO2) are heavier and larger than nitrogen molecules (N2). Dalton proposed that each chemical element is composed of atoms of a	a	DET	single	ADJ	 single
Barton feels close to the theatre, confident that it can help him create work that honors " the common man ". The men and women who funded the production – " those people ", as Barton calls them – demonstrate that Broadway is just as concerned with	with	ADP	profit	NOUN	 profit
This door is of similar design to the front door at the north of the house, and has four steps of Portland stone accompanied by balustrades also of Portland stone. On both the north and south faces of the building there are two rainwater heads made of cast	cast	NOUN	lead	NOUN	 lead
Eventually their orbits will be dispersed by gravitational perturbations, although depending on the rate of fragmentation of the constituent parts, the group might be completely destroyed before it is gravitationally dispersed. The continuing discovery of large numbers of the smaller members of the family by SOHO will	will	AUX	undoubtedly	ADV	 undoubtedly
Although he noted, " Replacement drummer Michael Lee fills in [for de Freitas] adequately but not completely, rendering what was a special group something less so. " The reviewer for British music magazine Melody Maker, called the album a " triumph " for fans	fans	NOUN	as	ADV	 as
On August 28, it weakened to a tropical storm, and early on August 30, Howard was considered to have dissipated. A small, low level swirl of clouds devoid of convection persisted for a few days before dissipating. Howard never affected land. Isis developed	developed	VERB	on	ADP	 on
When the disused nests of weavers are utilised, they are simply given a soft lining. The nest entrance is in the side, and is sometimes extended into a funnel. The male and the female construct the nest together, keeping close when finding material and weaving	weaving	VERB	it	PRON	 it
Added with DVR viewers, " Slow Down Your Neighbors " received a 6.5 rating in the 18 – 49 demographic, adding a 1.7 to the original viewership. The episode received mostly positive reviews from critics. Donna Bowman of The A.V. Club praised " Slow Down Your	Your	PRON	Neighbors	PROPN	 Neighbors
Gregg Township had no wastewater treatment plant until an 800,000 gallon / day (304 m3 / day) plant was built along the river just north of the creek for the federal prison (90 percent) and village of Allenwood (10 percent). The drainage basin	basin	NOUN	has	AUX	 has
And we wanted to try and ground the movie as much as we could. And Red Skull, he ’ s a fantastical character and didn ’ t necessarily fit for Cap 2 and especially because it was about the fall of S.H.I.E.L.D. Certainly Hydra exists and that ’	’	PUNCT	s	VERB	 s
One house was destroyed and more than 100 houses were affected in Ponce, forcing several families to evacuate. The flooding also destroyed a bridge in Guayama and made many roads impassable. Damage on the island was estimated at $100,000 (2000 USD). After the	the	DET	system	NOUN	 system
According to these accounts, Léna first found the pig in Slieve Bloom, and was responsible for its nourishment until it had seven inches of fat on its snout. Maine Athrai needed the pig for her husband's great feast; Léna refused, but he was killed	killed	VERB	when	SCONJ	 when
Every February, Mumbai holds derby races at the Mahalaxmi Racecourse. Mcdowell's Derby is also held in February at the Turf Club in Mumbai. In March 2004, the Mumbai Grand Prix was part of the F1 powerboat world championship, and the Force India F1 team	team	NOUN	car	NOUN	 car
They began to play together as a duo and in 1957, deciding their central interest was blues, they closed the skiffle club and reopened a month later as The London Blues and Barrelhouse Club. It acted as a venue for visiting artists and their own performances.	.	PUNCT	The	DET	 The
He spent only a year in the position before moving to Philadelphia to open a practice with his friend William Shippen, a partnership that lasted until Shippen's death in 1858. While in Philadelphia, Bayard met Louise Lee, whom he married in October 1856. The	The	DET	marriage	NOUN	 marriage
To disguise his control of Fingal, and the destination of her cargo, Bulloch hired an English crew and captain and put out his destination as Bermuda and Nassau in the Bahamas. The cargo was loaded in Greenock in early October, although Bullock and the other passengers	passengers	NOUN	would	AUX	 would
Gaga has often been compared to Madonna who admits that she sees herself reflected in Gaga. In response to the comparisons, Gaga stated in February 2011: " I don't want to sound presumptuous, but I've made it my goal to revolutionize pop music.	.	PUNCT	The	DET	 The
Three riders joined Bernard before the start of the final climb in Madesimo, but Bernard dropped them early on in the climb and rode the final 18 km (11.2 mi) alone to win the stage. Millar and Marino Lejarreta managed to gain over thirty seconds on	on	ADP	Roche	PROPN	 Roche
Often, teams will finish a season with identical records. It becomes necessary, therefore, to devise means to break these ties, either to determine which teams will qualify for the playoffs, or to determine seeding in the playoff tournament. The rules below are applied	applied	VERB	in	ADP	 in
The Hirwaunissa incline was longer and narrower than the other two, and only included a single track. Recent research has suggested that the incline was powered by a water wheel, with the waste water running down the incline in a side channel, in order to supply	supply	VERB	the	DET	 the
On March 17, 2008, Gibson sued six retailers (GameStop, Amazon.com, Wal Mart, Target, Toys " R " Us and Kmart) for selling Guitar Hero products. Subsequently, on March 21, 2008, Gibson also filed a lawsuit against EA,	,	PUNCT	MTV	PROPN	 MTV
Guava, longans, lychees, persimmon and " pok pok " (also called voanantsindrana [vunˈtsinɖʳanə ̥]), a fruit similar to a physalis, are common, while on the west coast the fruit of the baobab tree is eaten during the brief period when	when	SCONJ	it	PRON	 it
At the center, he locates a man named Miguel and presumably Home world's Frozen Flame. Charged with guarding the Dead Sea by an entity named FATE, Miguel and three visions of Crono, Marle, and Lucca from Chrono Trigger explain that Serge's existence dooms	dooms	VERB	Home	PROPN	 Home
Following the excavation, most of the human remains were reburied in clay pots beneath their original contexts, some are held in the Ashmolean Museum, University of Oxford, England – with the animal and pottery remains – and the whereabouts of the remainder are unrecorded. An	An	DET	excavation	NOUN	 excavation
In the U.S. it peaked at # 50 on the Billboard charts — a good showing, but not a hit. Although he was trying new things musically, Ochs did not abandon his protest roots. He was profoundly concerned with the escalation of the Vietnam War,	,	PUNCT	performing	VERB	 performing
" Then Siddha Raja caused images of " horse lords " and other great kings to be placed in the temple, and " near them a representation of himself in the attitude of supplication, with an inscription praying that, even if the land was laid waste,	,	PUNCT	this	DET	 this
One of the old instrumentation bunkers is visible beside the road just west of ground zero. An inner oblong fence was added in 1967, and the corridor barbed wire fence that connects the outer fence to the inner one was completed in 1972. Jumbo was moved to	to	ADP	the	DET	 the
However, Miles defends Kirsty when he learns Leah had argued with Kirsty over her deceit. The state of their relationship remained troubled, though Hayes correctly predicted the couple would reunite. In 2009 Hayes quit the serial and her exit storyline played out the same year.	.	PUNCT	It	PRON	 It
The battle ended with Angle attacking Cena and the two proceeding to fight in the ring. Another prominent match on the card was an " I Quit " match between Vince McMahon and his daughter, Stephanie McMahon. At the No Mercy event, however, Vince announced	announced	VERB	that	SCONJ	 that
The mosque was built by Muhammad in 622 after his arrival in the city of Medina. Riding on a camel called Qaswa he arrived at the place where this mosque was built. The land was owned by Sahal and Suhayl. Part of it was used as a	a	DET	place	NOUN	 place
The net effect of this plan would be to ensure that the conquered territories would be Germanized. It was divided into two parts: the Kleine Planung (" Small Plan "), which covered actions to be taken during the war, and the Große Planung (	(	PUNCT	"	PUNCT	"
The story of Shantae Advance involved Risky having her Tinkerbats dig under Sequin Land, and putting a pillar in the middle, allowing the land to be rotated. This could be used in the gameplay to rotate the world, lining up the foreground with objects in the	the	DET	background	NOUN	 background
Calthrop was a notable promoter and builder of narrow gauge railways, especially of 2 ft 6 in (762 mm) narrow gauge, and was especially prominent in India. His most notable achievement was the Barsi Light Railway; however he is best known in his home	home	NOUN	country	NOUN	 country
Let the rivalry begin ". The following year, the rivalry game was played at M & T Bank Stadium in Baltimore, Penn State defeated Maryland 31 30. Main Article: Maryland Virginia football rivalry The Maryland Virginia rivalry was a designated official ACC cross divisional series	series	NOUN	when	SCONJ	 when
It stands on a low mound with a circumference of approximately 120 yards (110 m); the wall around the churchyard, which contains no gravestones, follows the shape of the mound to some extent. Its original purpose was to serve as one of five chapels	chapels	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
It is explicitly intended to be a revival of the " Loyal Officers " who overthrew Xenu. Its logo, a wreath with 26 leaves, represents the 26 stars of Xenu's Galactic Confederacy. According to an official Scientology dictionary, " the Sea Org symbol,	,	PUNCT	adopted	VERB	 adopted
Another 1,000 people were arrested, bringing the total to 2,500. News of the mass arrests of children had reached Western Europe and the Soviet Union. The Soviet Union devoted up to 25 percent of its news broadcast to the demonstrations, sending much of it to Africa	Africa	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
She once made a junior staffer look through a photographer's trash to find a picture he had refused to give her. In a deleted scene from The September Issue, she complains about the " horrible white plastic buckets " of ice behind the bars at the CFDA	CFDA	PROPN	's	PART	's
Henry worked hard to present an image of unchallengeable authority and irresistible power. A large well built athlete (over 6 feet [1.8 m] tall and strong and broad in proportion), Henry excelled at jousting and hunting. More than pastimes, they were political	political	ADJ	devices	NOUN	 devices
The Lewisville Police Department had 27 sworn police officers in 1977, and the number had increased to 136 by 2007. As of 2015, the department included 229 full time employees, four of whom were administrators. The Lewisville Fire Department included 146 full time employees,	,	PUNCT	six	NUM	 six
The black currawong is about 50 cm (20 in) long with an 80 cm (31 in) wingspan. The male is slightly larger and heavier than the female; males of the nominate subspecies average 405 g (14.3 oz) to females ' 340 g	g	NOUN	(	PUNCT	 (
On June 9, 2016, Hughes was struck in the left knee off a line drive from J.T. Realmuto and left the game. The next day, he was placed on the 15 day disabled list due to left knee contusion. He was ruled out for 6	6	NUM	8	NUM	 8
Shirley was not granted formal hearings on other aspects of his conduct, and managed to convince Newcastle to overlook the matter of his " muddled " accounts. His prospects brightened when Loudoun and Pownall were both damaged by the continued poor military performance in North America (notably	notably	ADV	the	DET	 the
Unseasonably heavy rains triggered widespread flooding which shut down roads and prompted evacuations. One fatality took place offshore after a man suffered a fatal head injury on his yacht amid rough seas. On mainland Europe, a small tornado outbreak resulted in scattered structural damage in Belgium,	,	PUNCT	France	PROPN	 France
By 1978 the fleet had dwindled to 217 surface ships and 119 submarines. Meanwhile, the Soviet fleet had been growing, and outnumbered the U.S. fleet in every type except carriers, and the Navy calculated they probably would be defeated by the Soviet Navy in a major	major	ADJ	conflict	NOUN	 conflict
Shortly thereafter, the Diet approved an additional ¥ 90 million to complete Akagi and Amagi as carriers. Construction of Akagi as an aircraft carrier began on 19 November 1923. Amagi's hull was damaged beyond economically feasible repair in the Great Kantō earthquake of 1 September 1923	1923	NUM	and	CCONJ	 and
After the eradication of a nest, satellite nests emerge nearby, and may sever their connections with the parent nest. The separation of a satellite nest is an effective way for a nest to exploit food sources, and a colony with less than 11 entrance holes is	is	AUX	recognised	VERB	 recognised
Plans were finalized in 1919 to rebuild the previously inadequate road; the project cost an estimated $43,500 ($517,298 2007 USD), including $15,225 ($181,054 2007 USD) of Putnam County's portion of the construction. In May 1919, the Danbury	Danbury	PROPN	News	PROPN	 News
In this episode, Jake tries to fulfill a bizarre lifelong ambition of being a brick inside a shack as it collapses. Finn, being supportive, leaves a walkie talkie with Jake, who absentmindedly begins to narrate the events around him. Finn and BMO are drawn	drawn	VERB	into	ADP	 into
" Other Midwestern schools soon followed suit, including the University of Chicago, Northwestern University, and the University of Minnesota. The first western team to travel east was the 1881 Michigan team, which played at Harvard, Yale and Princeton. The nation's first college	college	NOUN	football	NOUN	 football
[sic] " After a legal dispute lasting for nearly a year, Apple settled out of court, paying Traya's legal fees and giving him a ' token payment ' in exchange for the domain name. The Apple Cohen dispute was a cybersquatting case where a	a	DET	top	ADJ	 top
" Warren Jeffs ' prison life has been tumultuous. At Utah's Purgatory Correctional Facility, he suffered from infected ulcers on his knees, which resulted from praying days on end during solitary confinement. He attempted to commit suicide by hanging himself at one point. In	In	ADP	August	PROPN	 August
Stanton found that the song was about two naive young men looking for love, which was similar to WALL E's own hope for companionship. Jim Reardon suggested WALL E find the film on video, and Stanton included " It Only Takes a Moment " and the	the	DET	clip	NOUN	 clip
In the southeast corner of the house was a full three story projecting tower set at a 45° angle to the rest of the front facade. Isaac Ellwood's 1898 1899 renovations were superficial, especially when compared to the alterations his son made to the original design	design	NOUN	a	DET	 a
The initial electric burst is very short, containing only 10 – 64 pulses, but is still strong enough to cause tetanic contraction in the body of the prey fish, often breaking its vertebral column. As the ray glides forward, the motion of the jump sweeps	sweeps	VERB	the	DET	 the
As water temperatures remained very warm along its path, the hurricane was able to intensify quickly. Roslyn reached peak winds of 145 mph (230 km / h) 48 hours after attaining hurricane status, while located about 550 miles (890 km) southwest of Manzanillo	Manzanillo	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
NBA President Maurice Podoloff said, " In our game, with the number of stars we have, we of necessity run up big scores. " In the 1950 – 51 season, teams averaged just above 80 points per game. The NBA introduced the 24 second	second	ADJ	shot	NOUN	 shot
He wrote, " For Government borrowing of one kind or another is nature's remedy, so to speak, for preventing business losses from being, in so severe a slump as to present one, so great as to bring production altogether to a standstill. "	"	PUNCT	At	ADP	 At
The result was a " slaughterpen ", as the Second Maryland and the Third North Carolina regiments courageously charged a well defended position strongly held by three brigades, a few reaching within twenty paces of the enemy lines. So severe were the casualties among his men that	that	SCONJ	Steuart	PROPN	 Steuart
The intervention in Sierra Leone was the fourth expeditionary operation and the second significant deployment undertaken by Her Majesty's Armed Forces under Tony Blair, who was elected as Prime Minister in 1997. The first two were relatively minor operations: a series of air strikes against Iraq	Iraq	PROPN	in	ADP	 in
On December 23, Robinson tied his career high (set twice at Williams) with six assists against Bryant. The game marked the ninth consecutive game in which he made at least 3 3 point shots. Robinson entered conference play as the Big Ten leader in three	three	NUM	point	NOUN	 point
The sinuate gills are pale and often yellowish, becoming pink as the spores develop. The thick whitish stem has no ring. When young, it may be mistaken for the edible St George's mushroom (Calocybe gambosa) or the miller (Clitopilus prunulus).	.	PUNCT	It	PRON	 It
In a March 2015 interview with Four Two Nine magazine, Franco again opened up about his sexuality, commenting that it is not who you have sex with that defines your sexuality, but instead how you act. " In the twenties and thirties, they used to	to	PART	define	VERB	 define
". His reply infuriated Bazaghari's companions, who threatened to kill him, so Yazid offered to split the garrison up: one half with their moveable wealth would be allowed to retreat safely, while the other half would remain in service with the Turgesh. Bazaghari	Bazaghari	PROPN	accepted	VERB	 accepted
In late March, VIII Corps advanced eastward through Eisenach and then across the Fulda River. Here some of Middleton's infantrymen came across the concentration camp at Ohrdruf, discovering the sickening evidence of what had transpired there. Middleton called Patton to come take a look,	,	PUNCT	and	CCONJ	 and
The castle stands upon the plug of an extinct volcano, which is estimated to have risen about 350 million years ago during the lower Carboniferous period. The Castle Rock is the remains of a volcanic pipe, which cut through the surrounding sedimentary rock before cooling to form	form	VERB	very	ADV	 very
Herc, in his review for Ain't It Cool News, praised the reliability of Jeffrey Combs as Shran, but thought that there were no major surprises. Herc did say that the biggest shock was the revelation that the Romulans were behind the bombing of the Human	Human	PROPN	Embassy	PROPN	 Embassy
The 9th Division suffered a high number of casualties during this battle and did not take part in the pursuit of the retreating Axis forces. During the battle the Australian Government requested that the division be returned to Australia as it was not possible to provide enough reinforcements to	to	PART	sustain	VERB	 sustain
Street trees are also protected during construction. A large percentage of people who live in urban areas have access to parks and gardens in their areas, which are probably the only connections they have with nature. A study shows that having contact with nature helps promote our	our	PRON	health	NOUN	 health
At Phoenicia, the largest settlement since Kingston, NY 214 reaches its southern terminus at the highway. Past Phoenicia, the surrounding slopes become steeper as the road and creek curve around Panther Mountain, one of the Catskill High Peaks, to the south. At Allaben	Allaben	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
Up to three players, as the Battletoads, brawl aliens and mutant rodents through six levels to save the universe from the Dark Queen. The game also includes vertical and bonus levels. Each Toad has its own signature attack, and as customary for the series,	,	PUNCT	players	NOUN	 players
The two wings on each side act as one by virtue of wing locking mechanisms. In some groups, the females are flightless and have reduced wings. The abdomen has ten segments connected with movable inter segmental membranes. The last segments of the abdomen form the external	external	ADJ	genitalia	NOUN	 genitalia
All of the pieces are the same as on the Original Soundtrack except for " Main Theme of Final Fantasy VII ", " One Winged Angel ", and " Aerith's Theme ", which were re recorded with an orchestra and choir. Some versions of the	the	DET	album	NOUN	 album
Grand Met was attempting to diversify, and was attracted to Pillsbury's brands, which they believed held under exploited potential for international growth. Writing in Businessweek, Mark Maremont accused Pillsbury of being " lax " in exploiting Häagen Dazs ' potential overseas. Walsh said:	:	PUNCT	We	PRON	 We
The third view takes a middle ground that allows for certain exceptions to the approach in the second view. This middle ground approach was discussed in ex parte Page when their Lordships dealt with whether the court can intervene and review a decision made by a visitor (overseer	overseer	NOUN	)	PUNCT	)
" Majulah Singapura " was presented to the nation on 3 December at the launch of " Loyalty Week ", replacing the colonial anthem " God Save the Queen ". After Singapore's full independence from Malaysia on 9 August 1965, " Majulah Singapura " was formally	formally	ADV	adopted	VERB	 adopted
Murray and the Royal Society argued for a largely civilian expedition, directed and staffed by scientists, while Markham and most of the RGS contingent saw a National Antarctic Expedition as a means of reviving naval glories, and wanted the expedition organised accordingly. Markham's tenacity finally	finally	ADV	won	VERB	 won
However, a large upper tropospheric anticyclone developed over the southern Atlantic coast, producing the favorable wind shear needed for tropical cyclone development. A second reconnaissance flight reported an intensifed tropical cyclone, indicating that the storm system had reached tropical storm strength. At 0000 UTC on	on	ADP	September	PROPN	 September
The importance of these markets and fairs for the sale of wool and wine, and later of cloth, declined after medieval times. The shipping trade of the port revived after the construction of the new dock in 1841, and corn and timber have been imported for	for	ADP	centuries	NOUN	 centuries
The Hay draft differed from the version of the Gettysburg Address published by John Nicolay in 1894 in a number of significant ways: it was written on a different type of paper, had a different number of words per line and number of lines, and contained editorial	editorial	ADJ	revisions	NOUN	 revisions
Governor Gawler visited the early discovery and the first mine, Wheal Gawler, was named in his honour. South Australia's first mine exported overseas throughout the 1840s, providing employment to early Cornish and then German immigrants after several mines were bought by a German businessman.	.	PUNCT	The	DET	 The
Craig started his Test career well, scoring 53 and 47 to ensure his selection for the 1953 Ashes tour, making him the youngest Australian player to tour England. Craig's arrival precipitated media comparisons to the arrival and success of Bradman in 1930, but he performed	performed	VERB	poorly	ADV	 poorly
Subliminally, there were aspects of both. " Along with Klingon cosmetics, makeup supervisor Michael J. Mills was kept busy preparing the large number of other aliens called for in the script. Mills and his team created the largest makeup endeavor ever seen in a Star Trek	Trek	PROPN	film	NOUN	 film
In 2009, the show was nominated for an EWwy Award for Best Comedy Series. The series was officially canceled by ABC on May 13, 2010. In an interview with New York Magazine, Victor Fresco, the show's creator, was asked why he thought	thought	VERB	the	DET	 the
Moreover, he financed new building works in the city. Ownership of Amman following Sirghitmish's death in 1358 passed to successive generations of his descendants until 1395, when his descendants sold it to Emir Baydamur al Khwarazmi, the na ' ib as saltana (viceroy)	)	PUNCT	of	ADP	 of
His Leeds counterpart, Don Revie, conceded Liverpool had been the better team, but was determined to make amends the following season. The national media was critical of the final, labelling it ' boring '. Liverpool entered the competition in the third round, where	where	SCONJ	they	PRON	 they
He had not participated earlier in any Olympic games or events. Figueroa took part in the fifth match during the first round (or the Round of 32) on August 15 against Iceland's Thormodur Arni Jonsson. Pablo Figueroa was defeated by Jonsson, who used kosoto	kosoto	PROPN	gari	PROPN	 gari
This formation has produced the remains of Glacialisaurus (a large basal sauropodomorph), a crow sized pterosaur (a dimorphodontid), a synapsid (a tritylodont, which is a type of synapsid about the size of a rat), herbivorous synapsid, and another unknown	unknown	ADJ	theropod	NOUN	 theropod
She read a free verse poem calling for world peace as an introduction to Peter Gabriel's performance of " Imagine ". On December 13, 2006, one of Ono's bodyguards was arrested after he was allegedly taped trying to extort $2 million from her,	,	PUNCT	threatening	VERB	 threatening
He became interested in professional wrestling at a young age; his favorite wrestlers included Mr. Perfect, Randy Savage, Hulk Hogan, Ricky Steamboat, Shawn Michaels, and Bret Hart. When he was 17, he won an essay contest with his local gym, and	and	CCONJ	his	PRON	 his
He was only able to recognize a few people, including his wife, Nancy. He remained active, however; he took walks through parks near his home and on beaches, played golf regularly, and until 1999 he often went to his office in nearby Century	Century	PROPN	City	PROPN	 City
" " Akidagain " features a children's choir and samples Ahmad's " Back in the Day ". " We'll Be Alright ", which McCoy refers to as a " party anthem ", samples " Alright " by Supergrass. He described the album's	's	PART	closer	ADJ	 closer
At this point he read a book which inspired his interest in politics: Zheng Guanying's Sheng shih Wei yen (" Words of Warning to an Affluent Age "). Published in 1893, the book lamented the deterioration of Chinese power in East Asia, and	and	CCONJ	argued	VERB	 argued
The World Cup brought more than 500,000 tourists and an estimated R $1 billion in revenue to the city. The stadium eventually cost R $965 million, 15% more than originally estimated. The two year delay in receiving BNDES funds caused an increase of R	R	NOUN	$	SYM	 $
Two wildfires were sparked in Kenedy County and Kleberg County, burning 300 and 20 acres (121.4 and 8.1 ha) respectively. The larger of the two fires was along Texas State Highway 77. The second fire burned three homes and threatened 20 others. In Arkansas	Arkansas	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
I haven't listened to a note since ", and called Stockhausen's statements " hubris " and " nonsense ", while at the same time defending his own belief in astrology: " Why should these large celestial bodies exist if they do not stand for something	something	PRON	?	PUNCT	?
Another Californian species, Suillus quiescens, newly described in 2010, may resemble S. pungens, especially at maturity. S. quiescens can be distinguished by its lack of white or olive colors when young and by a less glandular stipe when mature. Suillus pungens is an ectomycorrhizal	ectomycorrhizal	NOUN	(	PUNCT	 (
The combination of a taxation system biased against private property developments and legal restrictions on raising rents made the company's traditional model unprofitable, and it began to divest itself of its original low rent developments and instead to sell vacant houses on the estates and to reinvest in	in	ADP	non	ADJ	 non
Also, because hospital patients are often ill (which is why they are present in the hospital), comorbidities are an issue. Ventilator associated pneumonia occurs in people breathing with the help of mechanical ventilation (specifically, it is pneumonia that arises more than 48 to	to	PART	72	NUM	 72
Race leader David Millar spent the evening discussing with members of Leopard Trek, his teammate (and Weylandt's training partner and best friend) Tyler Farrar, and Weylandt's family how best to pay tribute to the fallen rider. Weylandt wore bib number 108 in the	the	DET	race	NOUN	 race
" Kokuhaku " was used as Guilty Crown's second ending theme, and " Bokura no Ashiato " was used as the ending theme to the 2012 anime series Black Rock Shooter. Ryo wrote the song " Light My Fire " sung by Kotoko, which was used	used	VERB	as	ADP	 as
It's not manufactured. No one paid these kids. " One Direction performed " What Makes You Beautiful " on Red or Black? on 10 September 2011. The performance started with hosts Ant & Dec announcing that the band was supposedly running late for their appearance	appearance	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
They are also used for endurance riding, western riding and combined driving. Approximately 1,000 Finnhorses are used in riding schools and in riding therapy. They are also popular as pleasure horses. Agricultural and forestry work were the traditional uses of the Finnhorse. The Finnhorse was	was	AUX	never	ADV	 never
This shot was not intended to use effects; however, " it's impossible to get a toy plane to spiral the way you want it to ", according to supervisor Mitch Suskin. A tank with still water and rocks on the bottom was filmed and the	the	DET	plane	NOUN	 plane
He started all 24 games in his two seasons at Alabama, during which time the team compiled a 21 – 3 record and won two Southeastern Conference championships. In 1972, Mitchell became the first African American to be named a co captain at Alabama. The same	same	ADJ	year	NOUN	 year
However, Grace Dent, also of The Guardian, described it as " of great televisual comfort ". Alexandra Heminsley, another writer for The Guardian, described it as " a genuinely gripping crime series " and added: " what about a second series? "	"	PUNCT	Euan	VERB	 Euan
In the 1960s, FES was marketed in Nigeria as " gives you power " and its consumption was linked with an increase in sexual potency. This was updated for 1999 2006 with the Michael Power campaign, which aired all over the continent. Guinness credits the campaign	campaign	NOUN	with	ADP	 with
" He also credited former Giants owner Wellington Mara for being supportive of him saying, " [h] e probably cared more about me as a person than he really should have. " Taylor is currently married to his third wife and resides in Pembroke Pines,	,	PUNCT	Florida	PROPN	 Florida
Bewick's fame, already nationwide across Britain for his Birds, grew during the nineteenth century. In 1830, William Yarrell named Bewick's swan in his honour and Bewick's son Robert engraved the bird for later editions of British Birds. Bewick's wren also took	took	VERB	his	PRON	 his
In Mier, the spillway of the Las Blancas Dam was overtopped, causing a river bridge to be destroyed and electric power to be lost, as well. In Río Bravo, 50 families were evacuated as seven collective farms became hard to reach by road; approximately	approximately	ADV	90	NUM	 90
These facts were disputed by the Anjouan administration which insisted that one of the two Comoran soldiers who had attacked Anjouanais positions in Domoni on March 15 had in fact died and that the police station was not captured. They stated that the Comoran and AU forces had been	been	AUX	ambushed	VERB	 ambushed
One of her students was Harding's sister Charity. By 1886, Florence Kling had obtained a divorce, and she and Warren Harding were courting, though who was pursuing whom is uncertain, depending on who later told the story of their romance. A truce between	between	ADP	the	DET	 the
She was decommissioned in February 1947 and placed in reserve, where she remained until she was stricken in 1960 and sold for scrapping the following year. Alaska was authorized under the Fleet Expansion Act on 19 July 1940, and ordered on 9 September. On 17 December	December	PROPN	1941	NUM	 1941
The Game Gear primarily competed with Nintendo's Game Boy, the Atari Lynx and NEC's TurboExpress. The handheld shares much of its hardware with the Master System and is able to play its own titles as well as those of the Master System, the latter being	being	AUX	made	VERB	 made
The other three turrets were placed aft of the superstructure. The secondary battery consisted of twenty one 5 inch (127 mm) / 50 caliber Mark 6 guns mounted on Mark 9 and Mark 12 pedestal mounts in casemates along the side of the hull. As was	was	AUX	standard	ADJ	 standard
For Enthiran's soundtrack and score, A. R. Rahman made use of the Continuum Fingerboard, an instrument he had experimented with previously in the song " Rehna Tu " from Rakeysh Omprakash Mehra's drama film Delhi 6 (2009). The film also marked the debut	debut	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
Dr. Dre has four sons and a daughter: In 1981, Dr. Dre and Cassandra Joy Greene had a son named Curtis Young when Dr. Dre was 16 years old and Greene was 15 years old. Curtis Young is an aspiring rapper who goes by the rap moniker	moniker	NOUN	"	PUNCT	 "
In 2007, McGill students arrived in bus loads to cheer on the McGill Redmen, occupying a third of Queen's Jock Harty Arena. The school also competes in the annual " Old Four (IV) " soccer tournament, with Queen's University, the University	University	PROPN	of	ADP	 of
The video was named both " Video of the Year " and " Best Rock Video " at the 3rd annual UK Music Video Awards. In May 2010, after the band split with EMI, the single debuted at # 39 on the Billboard Alternative Songs chart,	,	PUNCT	their	PRON	 their
The episode received positive reviews from critics following the thirteenth season's release on DVD and Blu Ray. The Simpsons visit a Chinese restaurant, where Homer is hired to write Chinese fortune cookies after complaining that the current fortunes are unimaginative. One of his fortunes says "	"	PUNCT	You	PRON	 You
The 2011 Egyptian protests posed the most challenging foreign policy crisis for the administration yet. Clinton's public response quickly evolved from an early assessment that the government of Hosni Mubarak was " stable ", to a stance that there needed to be an " orderly transition [	[	X	to	PART	to
The electrification of the Chatham Main Line to Dover and Ramsgate in 1959 deprived the class of some of its work, as did the transfer of the lines west of Salisbury to the Western Region on 30 December 1962. This resulted in the withdrawal of several unrebuilt locomotives	locomotives	NOUN	stabled	VERB	 stabled
But Achilles was not present, and Menelaus won Helen, who bore Hermione to him. The marriage of Helen and Menelaus precipitates the Trojan War, the event that ultimately brings the heroic age to an end, but the circumstances surrounding this transition in the Catalogue are	are	AUX	unclear	ADJ	 unclear
Before Ashman's death, members of the film's production team visited him after the film's well received first screening, with Don Hahn commenting that " the film would be a great success. Who'd have thought it? ", to which Ashman replied with	with	ADP	"	PUNCT	 "
Since Ballard sang, as did Paul Williams ' girlfriend Betty McGlown, the Primes's manager Milton Jenkins decided to create a sister group to the Primes called the Primettes. Ballard recruited her best friend Mary Wilson, who in turn recruited classmate Diane Ross. Mentored and	and	CCONJ	funded	VERB	 funded
She was a staple of Italian television variety shows and a dominant figure in Italian pop music from the mid 1960s to mid 1970s, known for her three octave vocal range, the agility of her soprano voice, and her image as an emancipated woman. In performance	performance	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
The typical pattern of volcanism in the Vestmannaeyjar archipelago is for each eruption site to see just a single eruption, and so the island is unlikely to be enlarged in the future by further eruptions. The heavy seas around the island have been eroding it ever since the	the	DET	island	NOUN	 island
King states that Gaudapada's main work, Māṇḍukya Kārikā, is infused with philosophical terminology of Buddhism, and uses Buddhist arguments and analogies. King also suggests that there are clear differences between Shankara's writings and the Brahmasutra, and many ideas of Shankara are at odds	odds	NOUN	with	ADP	 with
Because of an injury to Giants starting catcher Bengie Molina, Posey was called up to the majors for the first time on September 2, 2009. He made his major league debut on September 11, striking out in his first at bat against Hiroki Kuroda of the	the	DET	Los	PROPN	 Los
The origin of the Namib Desert Horse is unclear, though several theories have been put forward. Genetic tests have been performed, although none to date have completely verified their origin. The most likely ancestors of the horses are a mix of riding horses and cavalry horses	horses	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
The BMO was specifically formed to train and support the royalists on the course of the war. According to Duff Hart Davis, the British mercenary leader Jim Johnson had originally considered buying their own aircraft, a Lockheed Constellation 749. He then flew to Teheran to try	try	VERB	to	PART	 to
The film and television actor Lee Patterson, a native of Vancouver, British Columbia, lived in Galveston and died there in 2007. Other notable people include Matt Carpenter, second baseman for the St. Louis Cardinals, Mike Evans, wide receiver for the Tampa Bay Buccaneers	Buccaneers	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
This change has made a marked improvement in the appearance of the coin. On May 26, samples of the new coin with and without the motto were shown to President Taft, who selected the mottoed version. The coin was formally approved by Secretary of the Treasury	Treasury	PROPN	Franklin	PROPN	 Franklin
He became demanding of his followers, encouraging them to adopt European style intellectual improvement. The Mission's schools meanwhile began teaching racial equality, based on Christian teaching and anti colonialism. Chilembwe adopted Western dress, customs and ideas and encouraged his followers to do likewise.	.	PUNCT	Many	ADJ	 Many
" Independiente was composed and written within one year, and marks the fourth time Arjona had collaborated with Tommy Torres, who had helped writing, composing, producing and providing backing vocals. The other three albums in which the two artists had worked together are Quién Dijo	Dijo	PROPN	Ayer	PROPN	 Ayer
Bleiler also comments that of three short stories, one is dated and another third rate. Two of the stories were by R.R. Winterbotham; one, " The Saga of the Smokepot ", was published under his own name; the other, " The Last War	War	PROPN	"	PUNCT	 "
The Whitehall Theatre opened in 1930 at the north west end of the street, on a site that had previously been Ye Old Ship Tavern in the 17th century. The revue Whitehall Follies opened in 1942, which drew controversy over its explicit content featuring the stripper and	and	CCONJ	actress	NOUN	 actress
It is a part of the Jefferson County Public School District. DuPont Manual is recognized by the United States Department of Education as a Blue Ribbon School. Manual opened in 1892 as an all male manual training school. It was the second public high school in Louisville	Louisville	PROPN	.	PUNCT	.
It then crosses Eagle Canyon via a pair of steel arch bridges. The eastbound bridge is 489 feet (149 m) long and the westbound bridge is 523 feet (159 m) long. The highway then ascends Ghost Rock Summit, the highest point for I	I	PROPN	70	NUM	 70
The 1926 stage adaptation of Owen Davis, subsequently developed, became the 1926 film version. The play, directed by George Cukor, opened on Broadway on February 2, 1926 and ran for 112 performances. A successful tour later in the year included the performances Chicago	Chicago	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
In his review, Kapur stated that he felt the Six Man Tag Team match was " an overbooked train wreck whose only saving grace was Styles's performance, as he tried to wring out something decent out of the old timers ". The X Division Championship and	and	CCONJ	main	ADJ	 main
Amman received many refugees during wartime events in nearby countries, beginning with the 1948 Arab – Israeli War. A second wave arrived after the Six Day War in 1967, and a third wave of Palestinian and Jordanian refugees arrived in Amman from Kuwait after the 1991 Gulf	Gulf	PROPN	War	PROPN	 War
Kartik struggled, taking 2 / 129 against East and then 0 / 178 in the first innings as North Zone accumulated 8 / 690 declared. He then had to endure the humiliation of not being trusted to bowl in the second innings as North reached 8 / 233	233	NUM	.	PUNCT	.
It was written by Lindy Robbins and Toby Gad, with the latter also producing the song. The song was released on September 7, 2010 as the second and final single from the band's second album of the same name. A Spanish language version of the	the	DET	song	NOUN	 song
Snow wrote two whole chapters about Peng in his book, Red Star Over China. He wrote more about Peng than any other individual, except for Mao Zedong. After the 1937 Marco Polo Bridge Incident, China and Japan formally went to war. When the Kuomintang	Kuomintang	PROPN	and	CCONJ	 and
On December 2, Ulis earned recognition on the 50 man Naismith College Player of the Year watchlist and 33 man Robertson Trophy watchlists. Ulis opened the season in the starting lineup against the Albany Great Danes on November 13. On November 17, Ulis posted game high	high	ADJ	and	CCONJ	 and
The remaining troops of the 2nd Battalion, Oxfordshire and Buckinghamshire Light Infantry and ' A ' Company, 12th Battalion, Devonshire Regiment landed at LZW. Given the limited availability of aircraft, even two lifts did not provide capacity to transport all of the Devonshire battalion,	,	PUNCT	the	DET	 the
According to Nintendo Power, Mileena's original powers " may prove insufficient " for using her with same effectiveness in UMK3 in which most of the other characters got some additional special moves. Sega Saturn Magazine wrote that " she's pretty much identical to the last time	time	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
Khalid also remained military Governor of Iraq from 632 – 633 and Governor of Chalcis, the most strategic cantonment in Northern Syria. Though he was never active politically, it was rumored that his fame alarmed Umar, who then recalled him from the army. However,	,	PUNCT	to	ADP	 to
" This oft cited quote became a shorthand for the charge that Bush failed to contemplate or articulate important policy positions in a compelling and coherent manner. The phrase has since become a metonym for any politician's failure to incorporate a greater vision in a campaign, and	and	CCONJ	has	AUX	 has
The first is when the intuitive general principles conflict in particular cases. The second is when, " though there is no conflict between principles, there is something highly unusual about the case which prompts the question whether the general principles are really fitted to deal with it	it	PRON	.	PUNCT	.
After successfully advocating for a Muslim woman who experienced domestic abuse, Kathryn is appointed head of the department of gender affairs. Raya, a young Ukrainian woman, and her friend Luba are sold to a Bosnian sex trafficking ring by a relative. Raya escapes with Irka	Irka	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
Many Arabic type fonts feature special ligatures for Allah. Unicode has a codepoint reserved for Allāh, ﷲ = U + FDF2, in the Arabic Presentation Forms A block, which exists solely for " compatibility with some older, legacy character sets that encoded presentation forms directly	directly	ADV	"	PUNCT	 "
Mirrors and oil lamps were often made of either bronze or iron. Coin money minted during the Han was made of either copper or copper and tin smelted together to make the bronze alloy. Modern archaeologists have unearthed Han iron farming tools throughout China, from Inner Mongolia	Mongolia	PROPN	in	ADP	 in
The illustrations depict the wider landscape of Near Sawrey: Bull Banks, Oatmeal Crag, and Esthwaite Water. The interior of Mr. Tod's house provided the opportunity to present details of the interiors of village homes. In the frontispiece, Mr. Tod stands on a stone	stone	NOUN	flag	NOUN	 flag
She was sent to a convent after her education in Manila. The convent she was studying in was the Santa Catalina College of the Dominican nuns, an exclusive school for girls, established in the Walled City of Intramuros where she finished her elementary and secondary education.	.	PUNCT	In	ADP	 In
There have been long running debates over whether the Army Reserve and its structure remain relevant to modern warfare. The ADF's increased activities since 1999 and shortfalls in recruiting permanent personnel has led to reservists being more frequently called to active service. This has included large scale	scale	NOUN	domestic	ADJ	 domestic
Other prominent symbols include the beaver, Canada goose, common loon, the Crown, the Royal Canadian Mounted Police, and more recently, the totem pole and Inuksuk. Canadian coins feature many of these symbols: the loon on the $1 coin, the Arms	Arms	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
Futterman enjoyed the performance, thinking that it was " the episode's most fun moment and beats out last year's ' Safety Dance ' for Glee numbers done in a mall. " Slezak also reacted positively to the performance, giving it a " B + "	"	PUNCT	.	PUNCT	.
Arnold hoped that Kenney and the two newly minted brigadier generals could make the best use of what was available. Major General George Kenney arrived in the theater on 28 July. Kenney knew Whitehead well, having served with him at Issoudun, the Air Corps Tactical School	School	PROPN	and	CCONJ	 and
On hearing the news of her dog's death Hindley became furious, and accused the police of murdering Puppet, one of the few occasions detectives witnessed any emotional response from her. In a letter to her mother shortly afterwards Hindley wrote: I feel as though my	my	PRON	heart	NOUN	 heart
A heavy woollen greatcoat was worn during cold weather. The uniform was a drab " pea soup " or khaki colour, while all buttons and badges were oxidised to prevent shine. All personnel wore a shoulder title bearing the word " Australia ". Rank insignia followed	followed	VERB	the	DET	 the
If he too decides to work for 12 hours, his production possibilities set will be determined by the following relations: <formula> <formula> <formula> <formula> Thus, MRT Coconuts, Fish <formula> <formula> This means that for	for	ADP	every	DET	 every
Shortly afterward, Smith married telephone repairman Marshall Haynes. In the early 1970s, Haynes frequently toured with Connie on her road show. The couple had three daughters: Jeanne, Julie, and Jodi Haynes. After divorcing Haynes in the early 1990s, Smith stated that	that	SCONJ	she	PRON	 she
In 1950, Gilbert Percy Whitley described O. herbsti from Australian specimens, separating them from O. ferox on the basis of dentition and the absence of spots. Leonard Compagno synonymized the two species in 1984, as subsequently discovered Pacific specimens had blurred Whitley's distinguishing characters.	.	PUNCT	The	DET	 The
The 2004 Iowa caucuses marked a turning point in the campaign for the Democratic nomination, however, as front runners Dean and Dick Gephardt garnered results far lower than expected, and John Kerry and John Edwards ' campaigns benefited in Clark's absence. Clark performed reasonably well	well	ADV	in	ADP	 in
After the 1903 winter had passed, Scott prepared for the second main journey of the expedition: an ascent of the western mountains and exploration of the interior of Victoria Land. Armitage's reconnaissance party of the previous year had pioneered a route up to altitude 8,900 feet	feet	NOUN	(	PUNCT	 (
The quack practitioner market was the very sector that the Pulvermacher Company's unrestrained claims were aimed at. Nevertheless, Bird was gracious enough to specifically exclude Pulvermacher himself from responsibility for these " injudiciously puffed " claims. By April 1853 the situation had become very acrimonuous.	.	PUNCT	Meinig	PROPN	 Meinig
The pack was announced to be in development at the Game Developers Conference on March 11, 2010. BioWare remarked that Stolen Memory would have a similar sense to a James Bond mission. The mansion where most of the pack's events take place was originally suggested to	to	PART	take	VERB	 take
When the Football Association of Ireland (FAI) broke away from the IFA in 1921 following allegations of the IFA having an alleged bias in favour of Belfast clubs, one of their first actions was to permit football being played on Sunday under their jurisdiction. While the	the	DET	IFA	PROPN	 IFA
Influenza models, such as murine influenza, are convenient models to test the effects of prophylactic and therapeutic biologics. For example, Lymphocyte T Cell Immune Modulator inhibits viral growth in the murine model of influenza. Influenza infects many animal species, and transfer of viral strains	strains	NOUN	between	ADP	 between
The band, by this point, had recorded the concert that would see release in August as Live by the Sea. During this period, the British press seized upon a supposed rivalry between Oasis and Britpop band Blur. Previously, Oasis did not associate themselves with	with	ADP	the	DET	 the
Pathan was instrumental in India's One day international and Test series wins in Pakistan in 2004. He was described by the media as the " blue eyed boy " of the Indian cricket. In late 2004 he took 18 wickets in two Tests against Bangladesh, but	but	CCONJ	the	DET	 the
The writers attempted this by including more " human themes, " mainly " the things Sam and Dean are truly afraid of: death, grief, betrayal, etc. " This change brought the series ' focus onto situations such as the brothers dealing with their father	father	NOUN	's	PART	's
It marked the biggest opening weekend out of any film in both Washington and Crowe's careers. In its second week, grosses declined by 44.8 percent to $24 million, being beaten out by Bee Movie. In contrast by its third week, screenings for American	American	PROPN	Gangster	PROPN	 Gangster
Nevertheless, he campaigned widely for the Whigs against the Democratic presidential candidate, former Michigan senator Lewis Cass. The two major parties did not make slavery an issue in the campaign. The Free Soil Party, mostly Liberty Party members and some Northern Democrats, nominated former	former	ADJ	president	PROPN	 president
The stipe may be central to lateral in its attachment to the cap and is up to 8 cm (3 in) long and tapers to the base. The thin flesh is generally creamy white in colour, but can have reddish tones near the base of the	the	DET	stipe	NOUN	 stipe
The first Big Ten game between the two was an upset for Johns Hopkins 15 12 with a rematch in NCAA semi finals May 22, 2015 at Lincoln Financial Field in Philadelphia which went to Maryland 12 11. In 1892, the Maryland Agricultural College fielded its first	first	ADJ	officially	ADV	 officially
She told the newspaper that she was resigning because Labour's Westminster leadership had undermined her attempts to reform the party in Scotland, and had treated Scottish Labour " like a branch office of London ". In her letter of resignation, submitted to Scottish Labour Party Chairman	Chairman	PROPN	Jamie	PROPN	 Jamie
As the horse developed as a cursorial animal, with a primary defense mechanism of running over hard ground, its legs evolved to the long, sturdy, light weight, one toed form seen today. Good conformation in the limbs leads to improved movement and decreased likelihood	likelihood	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
In 1995, the award ceremony for Spellemannsprisen, Norwegian music's highest award, was held at Håkons Hall. Norway hosted the 1999 IIHF Ice Hockey World Championship in Oslo, Lillehammer and Hamar. Håkons Hall featured Group D, consisting of Russia, Finland, Belarus	Belarus	PROPN	and	CCONJ	 and
Not fully fit, he was tightly marked and made little impact in the match. Liverpool had a chance to take the lead before half time. Phil Neal advanced down the right hand side of the pitch and found Dalglish who passed to Graeme Souness, who ran	ran	VERB	late	ADV	 late
The Committee's purpose was to conduct inquiries, oversee the operation of the League's health work, and prepare work to be presented to the Council. This body focused on ending leprosy, malaria, and yellow fever, the latter two by starting an international campaign	campaign	NOUN	to	PART	 to
Soderbergh drew inspiration from the cinema verite style of Ken Loach's films, studying the framing of scenes, the distance of the camera to the actors, lens length, and the tightness of eyelines depending on the position of a character. Soderbergh remembers, " I	I	PRON	noticed	VERB	 noticed
The entire property is contained inside a 300 by 300 foot square plot of land. A flagpole is located outside the main entrance to the school building, and is included in the NRHP listing as a contributing feature. A set of gym bars, a tether ball	ball	NOUN	pole	NOUN	 pole
After clearing the woods, they planted stands of Norway Spruce and white pine, as well as an apple orchard. Camp 136 Pa closed on July 10, 1937. Men from CCC Camp S 88 Pa, based at nearby Lyman Run in Potter County, were	were	AUX	also	ADV	 also
Besides the Constitutional Convention in May 1787, United States politics was no longer centered in Philadelphia. Due to political compromise, Congress chose a permanent capital to be built along the Potomac River. Philadelphia was selected as the temporary United States capital for ten years starting in	in	ADP	1790	NUM	 1790
The following day, the Australians were subjected to heavy shelling before they were withdrawn on 6 August. After this, the 28th was moved to a quieter sector around Ypres before returning to the Somme in the later part of 1916, and taking part in further fighting	fighting	VERB	around	ADP	 around
It is possible that this design had Iranian inspiration. A similar system was applied to window building. According to De Lacy O'Leary, the horse shoe arch was developed in Egypt under Fatimid rule and is not of Persian origin as is commonly thought. The palaces of	of	ADP	the	DET	 the
He distinguished himself in the fight against Turkish corsairs in the Aegean Sea, and received the title of " King and Despot of Asia Minor " from the titular Latin Emperor, Philip II. He was deposed from his rule of Chios by a Byzantine expedition in 1329	1329	NUM	,	PUNCT	,
After remaining at Pearl Harbor until 27 January 1945, Yancey departed for the Marianas with elements and cargo of the 5th Marine Division as part of Task Group (TG) 51.12 in support of the invasion of Iwo Jima. After stops for fuel and supplies at Eniwetok	Eniwetok	PROPN	and	CCONJ	 and
Word of the museum's collection continued to spread until, according to " Permanent Interim Acting Director " Louise Reilly Sacco, " it got completely out of hand " when a group of senior citizens on a tour bus stopped to see it. In 1995 the display	display	NOUN	space	NOUN	 space
With the outbreak of the Second World War in 1939, St Mawes was reoccupied by the British Army. In late 1941, the No 173 Coast Battery took over running a new, twin 6 pounder (2.7 kg) battery positioned just north west of the castle	castle	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
" Ironically, the sunny post daybreak conditions depicted as occurring at the time used as the episode's title (6: 02 AM Eastern Standard Time) can not ever occur anywhere in New York state under the Daylight Saving Time rules used in the contemporary United States	States	PROPN	.	PUNCT	.
Overall, the war had a significantly negative impact on the Australia economy. Real aggregate Gross Domestic Product (GDP) declined by 9.5 per cent over the period 1914 to 1920, while the mobilization of personnel resulted in a 6 per cent decline in civilian employment.	.	PUNCT	Meanwhile	ADV	 Meanwhile
He became a trial lawyer for a law firm and later served for four years in Boonville as a public prosecutor. He campaigned briefly for Democratic presidential candidate William Jennings Bryan. He was appointed as a Special Judge in the Eighth Judicial Circuit Court of Missouri, sitting	sitting	VERB	as	ADP	 as
Fiasco was born Wasalu Muhammad Jaco on February 16, 1982 in Chicago, Illinois. Of West African descent, he was one of nine children of Shirley, a gourmet chef, and Gregory, an engineer. His father, a member of the Black Panther Party	Party	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
Warner Communications also expressed disappointment at the number of sales. Lower than expected sales figures combined with excess inventory, which produced a negative supply and demand event, prompted retailers to repeatedly discount price. According to Ray Kassar, about 3.5 million of the 4 million produced	produced	VERB	were	AUX	 were
I guess King George will be able to read that! " Various legends about the signing of the Declaration emerged years later, when the document had become an important national symbol. In one famous story, John Hancock supposedly said that Congress, having signed the Declaration	Declaration	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
Eklund and other actors auditioned in Vancouver, and the producers reviewed tapes of their previous work. As executive producer Jeff Pinkner explains, " We got incredibly lucky casting Michael Eklund for this role... he really created this character. " " The Plateau " was the	the	DET	first	ADJ	 first
The changeover period during which the former currencies ' notes and coins were exchanged for those of the euro lasted about two months, from 1 January 2002 until 28 February 2002. The official date on which the national currencies ceased to be legal tender varied from member state	state	NOUN	to	ADP	 to
It referred to the small doors of the straw houses in which the indigenous population lived. Chiquitos has since been used incorrectly both to denote people of the largest ethnic group in the area (correctly known as Chiquitano), and collectively to denote the more than 40	40	NUM	ethnic	ADJ	 ethnic
In 1973, Veikko Hintikka reported a technique to distinguish between Armillaria species by growing them together as single spore isolates on petri dishes and observing changes in the morphology of the cultures. Using a similar technique, Kari Korhonen showed in 1978 that the European Armillaria mellea species	species	PROPN	complex	NOUN	 complex
Because of a rise in costs and a decline in sales prices, Malawi is encouraging farmers away from tobacco towards more profitable crops, including spices such as paprika. India hemp is another possible alternative, but arguments have been made that it will bring more crime to	to	ADP	the	DET	 the
Eamon Sweeney from the Irish Independent called Eminem's performance only " mildly impressive ". On July 21, 2010, the rapper joined Rihanna on her Last Girl on Earth Tour to perform in Los Angeles. He then performed at the 2010 MTV Video Music Awards and	and	CCONJ	was	AUX	 was
Thus, the whole sequence was nixed. Director Kim Manners called the first three acts of the episode " the best three acts of televisions I ever directed ", whereas he referred to the fourth act as " an absolute disaster. " Manners later revealed that he	he	PRON	asked	VERB	 asked
" At first Baylis presented both drama and opera at each of her theatres; the companies were known as the " Vic Wells ". However, for both aesthetic and financial reasons, by 1934 the Old Vic had become the home of the spoken drama, while	while	SCONJ	Sadler	PROPN	 Sadler
Thistle's kit maker is Spanish manufacturers Joma, having replaced Puma Sports at the start of the 2013 – 14 season. Partick Thistle's current mascot is named Kingsley, and was designed by the Turner Prize nominated artist David Shrigley. Kingsley was unveiled on 22 June	June	PROPN	2015	NUM	 2015
With the increasing industrialisation and urbanisation of Manchester and Salford during the 18th and 19th centuries, the moor became one of the remaining areas of natural landscape of interest to amateur naturalists, one of whom collected the only known specimens of the now extinct moth species Euclemensia woodiella	woodiella	PROPN	.	PUNCT	.
Morgan's " Nicholson esque quality " continues with actor Fredric Lehne. Though uncertain of why he was specifically sought out — Lehne chalks it up to his previous working experience with executive producers Kim Manners and Robert Singer — the role was offered to him without an audition	audition	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
MD 97 crosses MD 28 (Norbeck Road) in Norbeck, and continues past some residences where it intersects MD 655A, a short connector that provides access to westbound MD 28. MD 97 enters more wooded areas and narrows to four lanes, interchanging with MD 200	200	NUM	(	PUNCT	 (
Two festival dates were initially revealed: the first will be the Ramblin ' Man Fair in Maidstone, Kent on 23 July 2016, with the other being the Rock Legends Cruise in Fort Lauderdale, Florida on 19 – 23 January 2017. The lineup for these shows	shows	NOUN	was	AUX	 was
Two sites are widely held to be the Ahalya tirtha. One is located near Ahalyeshvara Temple in Bhalod, on the banks of the Narmada; another is located in Darbhanga district, Bihar. The Ahilya Asthan temple in Ahalya gram (" Ahalya's village ")	)	PUNCT	in	ADP	 in
Stone Age settlers began to build in wood in what is now Scotland from at least 8,000 years ago. The first permanent houses of stone were constructed around 6,000 years ago, as at Knap of Howar, Orkney and settlements like Skara Brae. There are also large	large	ADJ	numbers	NOUN	 numbers
The trade newspaper Variety estimated that, " The stunt will put the footage in front of 90% of all households watching ad supported TV, or nearly 110 million viewers. When combined with online and mobile streams, that could increase to more than 140 million "	"	PUNCT	.	PUNCT	.
After refitting some of the submarines there, the squadron arrived at Yokosuka on 18 June. In 1924 two of her 3 in / 40 guns were removed, as were all of her QF 3 pounder Hotchkiss guns, and a single 8 cm / 40 3rd Year	Year	PROPN	Type	PROPN	 Type
Scott Mendelson of Forbes felt the trailer was " such a textbook ' dark sequel ' trailer that it borders on parody " but said, " it's a pretty spectacular piece of marketing, one that elevates itself both by the music choices and by James Spader's	's	PART	vocals	NOUN	 vocals
Accordingly, the German admiral withdrew his ships from Papeete's harbor by 11: 00. After leaving Papeete, the ships steamed out towards Nuku Hiva to meet Nürnberg, Titania, and colliers waiting there. By the time von Spee withdrew his ships, large portions	portions	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
Nagle withdrew from the field trial scene in the mid 1960s following the retirement of her handler, George Abbott. Other breeds she owned included Golden Retrievers and Pointers. Nagle's activities were not confined to dogs and horses. A Berkshire boar named Pamber Ugly Duckling was	was	AUX	champion	NOUN	 champion
The programme's executive producer Russell T Davies, who conceived the idea while researching for Casanova, described the episode as a love story for the Doctor. The episode was filmed in England and Wales. It was well received by most critics, was nominated for a	a	DET	Nebula	PROPN	 Nebula
On May 22, 2000, she erroneously filed charges of verbal assault against Nívea Hernández, the mother of then Puerto Rico Senator Kenneth McClintock who subsequently served as Minority Leader, and later President, of the Senate of Puerto Rico and now serves as Secretary of State	State	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
Augvald's kingdom further expanded to incorporate parts of what is today south western Hordaland. Augvald had several daughters, including two who notably fought alongside him as so called shield maidens, or female warriors. He owned and worshipped a sacred cow, which he always kept	kept	VERB	with	ADP	 with
Moses Hazen had served as a lieutenant in the 44th Regiment during the French and Indian War and was receiving a half pay pension for his British service. In 1775, while he was living on this plus the income from his estate in St. Jean, Quebec,	,	PUNCT	the	DET	 the
Shay visited a local tavern that night and had some drinks. The tavern owner took Shay to a beauty parlor and introduced him to its owner, Gertrude Anderson. Anderson gave Shay a manicure and accompanied him to the Hotel English. Shay complained to busboy Eugene Jones	Jones	PROPN	about	ADP	 about
" (Chimalpahin, " Annals of His Time "). " It became known here in Mexico and was said that the reason their ruler the Emperor of Japan sent this said lordly emissary and ambassador here, is to go in Rome to see the Holy Father	Father	PROPN	Paul	PROPN	 Paul
It is one of a number of different inter house events on the school social calendar. The Ledder The Ledder, or Ledbury Run, is a 7.5 mile (12.1 km) cross country race that starts in the town of Ledbury, goes over the Malvern Hills	Hills	PROPN	and	CCONJ	 and
It is 12 miles (19 km) west of Bristol Temple Meads railway station, and 130 miles (209 km) from London Paddington. Its three letter station code is YAT. It was opened in 1841 by the Bristol and Exeter Railway, and served as	as	ADP	a	DET	 a
In one of his most infamous moments, he blew a save in the bottom of the ninth inning, in part due to his own throwing error, and he lost the Series later in the inning by allowing Luis Gonzalez's bloop single with the bases loaded to	to	PART	score	VERB	 score
Local rescue organisations have been established in North America and Australia by volunteers to treat and rehabilitate injured pelicans and other wildlife. As with other bird families, pelicans are susceptible to a variety of parasites. Specialist feather lice of the genus Piagetella are found in the pouches	pouches	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
The loss to Virginia brought Virginia Tech to an 8 – 3 regular season record, something Tech coach Frank Beamer said was better than he expected at the season's start. Despite that sentiment, most fans and supporters pointed to the fact that in all of Virginia	Virginia	PROPN	Tech	PROPN	 Tech
Although the swords were intended to be safer alternatives to metal weapons, they could still be dangerous: in one of the fights, Bergman sparred with an extra who failed to follow the choreography and sliced open her finger. Accidents also happened in stunts that did not	not	PART	involve	VERB	 involve
From the end of the eleventh century, universities had been founded across Europe, developing as semi autonomous centres of learning, often teaching theology, mathematics, law and medicine. Until the fifteenth century, those Scots who wished to attend university had to travel to England	England	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
The plot is also divided into dual currents, one focusing on Lena Grove and the other on Joe Christmas, a technique that Faulkner continued to use in other works. The narrative is not structured in any particular order, as it is often interrupted by lengthy flashbacks	flashbacks	NOUN	and	CCONJ	 and
The story was serialised weekly in Le Soir Jeunesse, the children's supplement to Le Soir, Belgium's leading francophone newspaper, from October 1940 to October 1941 amidst the German occupation of Belgium during World War II. Partway through serialisation, Le Soir Jeunesse was cancelled	cancelled	VERB	and	CCONJ	 and
The ride reopened on June 5, 2012. The four WindSeekers opened in 2011 are based on the same prototype design by Dutch amusement ride manufacturer Mondial Rides. The WindSeeker at Canada's Wonderland was the first to be completed and thus the first to be tested.	.	PUNCT	It	PRON	 It
As the plotters hoped to attain legitimacy for their choice of governor in the eyes of the king, identifying themselves with despised rebels would have been counterproductive. Rather, the main contemporary references to the Paraguayans calling themselves comuneros come from sources friendly to Cabeza de Vaca seeking	seeking	VERB	to	PART	 to
He had been at a race meeting at the invitation of the QCA president. The ACB gave Harvey a talking to. Despite this, he retained his position at the next annual election, with Queensland's Ken Mackay failing to gain a seat on the selection panel	panel	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
It is estimated that Trudy reached its peak intensity around 09: 15 UTC on October 18 with maximum sustained winds of 65 mph (100 km / h) and a barometric pressure of 998 mbar (hPa; 29.47 inHg). Simultaneously the storm made landfall just	just	ADV	southeast	ADV	 southeast
The focus of the programme was disafforestation and sale of forest lands for conversion to pasture and arable farming, or in the case of the Forest of Dean, development for the iron industry. Disafforestation frequently caused riots and disturbances including those known as the Western Rising.	.	PUNCT	The	DET	 The
John's ethical quandary as to whether murder is ever acceptable, and his coping with the murder of his father, Thomas, frames this story. During this run on the title, Grant Morrison (issues # 25 & 26) and Neil Gaiman (issue #	#	NOUN	27	NUM	 27
Anna Seward, however, wrote about Sabrina's upbringing in her 1804 work, Memoirs on the Life of Dr. Darwin. As Seward publicly identified Sabrina in the book, it was criticised by the press and Sabrina's son John was very angry to learn of his	his	PRON	mother	NOUN	 mother
" Reviews for The Hungry Saw described the album as containing " foreboding, compelling soul ", and " blue eyed / black lung balladry with classic soul touches-- warm Hammond organ tones, tambourine rattled rhythms, female back up singers " that were " remarkably in tune	tune	NOUN	with	ADP	 with
Accepted by the Air Force the following year, he finished at Keyham in August and trained as a pilot on Salisbury Plain. He then took a one year post graduate course in aeronautics at the Imperial College of Science and Technology, London, before returning to Australia	Australia	PROPN	to	PART	 to
Chandrasekaran, accompanied by Saraswati, reaches Tiruchi safely and becomes a judge, but Gnanasekaran is lost in the journey and loses a leg in the shelling before arriving in India. He begs for a living, forms an association for beggars and tries to reform them.	.	PUNCT	Kalyani	PROPN	 Kalyani
The athlete and runner Timothy Benjamin (born 1982) was born and raised in Radyr. Another notable resident is Sir Martin Evans (born 1941), the Professor of mammalian genetics at Cardiff University who received the Albert Lasker Award for Basic Medical Research in 2001,	,	PUNCT	was	AUX	 was
The proposal was supported by Kent County Council and a 2 mile (3.2 km) section between Hawkhurst and Goudhurst has been identified as being easily convertible into a trail. The remainder to Paddock Wood is said to be " more difficult but not impossible ". Horsmonden	Horsmonden	PROPN	Parish	PROPN	 Parish
The Cubs won the NL pennant in 1906, but lost the 1906 World Series to the Chicago White Sox four games to two; Evers batted 3 for 20 (.150) in the series. During the 1907 season, Evers led the NL with 500 assists.	.	PUNCT	The	DET	 The
But the Greeks would not unite with him. In 338 BC Artaxerxes was poisoned by Bagoas with the assistance of a physician. Historically, kings of the Achaemenid Empire were followers of Zoroaster or heavily influenced by Zoroastrian ideology. The reign of Artaxerxes II saw a revival	revival	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
Warren Harding was sworn in as president on March 4, 1921, in the presence of his wife and father. Harding preferred a low key inauguration, without the customary parade, leaving only the swearing in ceremony and a brief reception at the White House. In	In	ADP	his	PRON	 his
By that year Webster's had an annual revenue of around £100 million and claimed 7 per cent of the national bitter market. However Courage owned the higher selling John Smith's ale brand, and Webster's was deprioritised. The brands suffered further after the Scottish	Scottish	PROPN	&	CCONJ	 &
The song was written by the series ' music producer Adam Anders, Swedish pop music producer Max Martin, and Peer Åström, Savan Kotecha, and Johan Schuster (Shellback). Anders, Martin, Åström and Shellback produced the track. The song, with another	another	DET	track	NOUN	 track
Another worker told of how, working in a laundry, she every day held " a special instrument " to uniforms and listened for " a clicking noise ". She learned only after the war that she had been performing the important task of checking for radiation with	with	ADP	a	DET	 a
Faust and the production team have acknowledged some of the fandom and fan created elements of the show and incorporated them into the animation. Though Hasbro's priority is to deliver a child friendly show, the writers and production staff, according to Linda Steiner, senior vice	vice	NOUN	president	NOUN	 president
Then on October 3, 2013, Fiasco announced the Tetsuo & Youth Preview tour to take place between November 2 and December 15, 2013. The tour featuring label mate Stalley as a supporting act, and The Boy Illinois as an opening act. He also revealed	revealed	VERB	the	DET	 the
The maximum production was achieved in 1981, at 8.3 million tonnes, and only 7 – 8% of it was used to make barium or its compounds. The barite production has again risen since the second half of the 1990s: from 5.6 million tonnes in 1996	1996	NUM	to	ADP	 to
The naming of meitnerium was discussed in the element naming controversy regarding the names of elements 104 to 109, but meitnerium was the only proposal and thus was never disputed. The name meitnerium (Mt) was suggested in honor of the Austrian physicist Lise Meitner, a	a	DET	co	NOUN	 co
Its capital shifted twice between Agra and Allahabad. Due to dissatisfaction with British rule, a serious rebellion erupted in various parts of North India; Bengal regiment's sepoy stationed at Meerut cantonment, Mangal Pandey, is widely credited as its starting point. It came to	to	PART	be	AUX	 be
Near the end of the march, Gandhi declared, " I want world sympathy in this battle of right against might. " Upon arriving at the seashore on 5 April, Gandhi was interviewed by an Associated Press reporter. He stated: I can not withhold my	my	PRON	compliments	NOUN	 compliments
Henry's reign did not receive much attention from historians for many years after the 1950s: no substantial biographies of Henry were written after Powicke's, and the historian John Beeler observed in the 1970s that the coverage of Henry's reign by military historians remained particularly thin	thin	ADJ	.	PUNCT	.
In Europe and North America, most nesting takes place between March and June when temperatures are increasing. The actual dates of egg laying vary by year and by location, being correlated with the amount of prey rich foraging habitat around the nest site and often with the	the	DET	phase	NOUN	 phase
The ships carried enough coal for one day's steaming. Pará carried a single 70 pounder Whitworth rifled muzzle loader (RML) in her gun turret. The 70 pounder gun had a maximum elevation of 15°. It had a maximum range of 5,540 meters (	(	PUNCT	6,060	NUM	6,060
They also won a Cup in the 1989 – 90 season. The Oilers ' Cup streaks were interrupted in the 1985 – 86 and 1988 – 89 seasons by two other Canadian teams. Edmonton's hopes for a third consecutive title in 1986 were dashed by their provincial	provincial	ADJ	rival	NOUN	 rival
Papu's own conclusion about " Harap Alb ", outlined in a 1983 volume, depicted Creangă as a direct predecessor of Italian semiotician Umberto Eco and his celebrated volume The Open Work — a conclusion which literary historian Florin Mihăilescu has seen as proof of Papu's "	"	PUNCT	exegetic	ADJ	 exegetic
The Hokies recovered the post touchdown kickoff at their 20 yard line and began a scoring drive of their own. At first, the Hokies moved slowly, spending six plays to move just 14 yards, gaining a first down in the process. Then, facing a	a	DET	third	ADJ	 third
After Chuck repairs the computer, they find a redacted file on British scientist Hartley Winterbottom. Chuck, Sarah, and John Casey (Adam Baldwin) travel to Winterbottom's home in Somerset, UK, and confront Winterbottom's mother (Millicent Martin), who blames	blames	VERB	the	DET	 the
By the end of the year, the Special Reserve as at 84% of its nominal strength; those officers and men who had not chosen to transfer remained enrolled in the Militia, serving out their six year enlistments. By January 1913, only 700 of them	them	PRON	remained	VERB	 remained
In Antonio Paoli, Puerto Rico had the first Puerto Rican to reach international recognition in the performing arts. He gave 1,725 performances between 1888 and 1942 and interpreted Verdi's Otello 575 times. To his credit, Paoli was also the first opera singer in the world	world	NOUN	to	PART	 to
However, it becomes much broader in its middle and upper reaches. The watershed is developed. The number of employees in the creek's drainage basin is expected to increase until 2030. Pennsylvania Route 309 runs through the watershed in a north south direction. Pennsylvania Route	Route	PROPN	118	NUM	 118
The American Cocker Spaniel was recognized as a separate breed by the KC in the UK in 1970. The American Cocker Spaniel is referred to as the Cocker Spaniel within the United States. The American Cocker Spaniel was bred smaller as American woodcocks are smaller than their European	European	ADJ	cousins	NOUN	 cousins
The Second Army artillery commander, Major General George Franks, co ordinated the corps artillery plans, particularly the heavy artillery arrangements to suppress German artillery, which were devised by the corps and divisional artillery commanders. The Second Army Report Centre at Locre Château was linked by	by	ADP	buried	VERB	 buried
Through the actions of courtiers jealous of Barbara's devotion to Roger, pamphlets eventually spread about the affair. The young and naive Barbara is among the last to hear of it and breaks down in tears and shock. The plot jumps forward to 1720 England, where	where	SCONJ	the	DET	 the
The critic Sukanya Verma found Kapoor to be miscast as a village boy in the film, but noted that he was " never short of spontaneity and youthful exuberance ". In 2006, Kapoor played opposite Kareena Kapoor in two films — the thriller 36 China Town and	and	CCONJ	the	DET	 the
On November 28, Psy visited Thailand and held his concert " Gangnam Style Thailand Extra Live " at the SCG Stadium in Muang Thong Thani, Bangkok. At the show, a part of celebration for the 85th birthday of Thai's King Bhumibol Adulyadej, he performed	performed	VERB	the	DET	 the
After touring for Celebrity Skin finished, Auf der Maur left the band to tour with The Smashing Pumpkins; Hole's touring drummer Samantha Maloney left soon after. Love and Erlandson released the single " Be A Man " — an outtake from the Celebrity Skin sessions —	—	PUNCT	for	ADP	 for
Gilchrist opened the Australian batting in each match, taking a pinch hitting role in the opening powerplays. Initially successful in the group matches, scoring 46, 57 and 42, he failed in the first Super8 match against West Indies (7), but bounced back	back	ADP	to	PART	 to
Olin Downes in The New York Times opined that " the new score seemed long and undistinguished ". The day after the American performance, Holst conducted the City of Birmingham Orchestra in the British premiere. The Times acknowledged the bleakness of the work but allowed that it	it	PRON	matched	VERB	 matched
Shortly afterward, this land was subdivided and became Riverview Heights, with about 250 single family homes. The remaining 240 acres (0.97 km2) of this still active mental health facility has been the subject of much controversy between developers, environmentalists, and conservationists. In	In	ADP	2005	NUM	 2005
The album's first track " Paralyzed " was released as a lyric video on September 13, 2011, and as a free download on iTunes on November 7, the day before the album's release. The band embarked on the " A Decade of Destruction "	"	PUNCT	tour	NOUN	 tour
The X Files crew spent a total of eleven days filming on the Queen Mary, and erected wrap around scaffolding on the bridge in order to block out the lights of nearby Long Beach, California. To make it look like it was raining during the scenes on	on	ADP	the	DET	 the
The first Transylvanian Diet at which delegates from the Partium were present met in August 1544. At the Diet, Martinuzzi was made chief justice. Five counties that had previously accepted Ferdinand's rule – Bereg, Szabolcs, Szatmár, Ung and Zemplén – swore allegiance to	to	ADP	John	PROPN	 John
Indefatigable received a single QF 3 inch 20 cwt anti aircraft gun on a high angle Mark II mount in March 1915. It was provided with 500 rounds. All of her 4 inch guns were enclosed in casemates and given gun shields during a refit in November 1915	1915	NUM	to	PART	 to
Gilmour called him " my musical partner and my friend ", praised the ability of the two men's voices to blend, such as on " Echoes ". Wright's death brought Pink Floyd to a formal end, with Gilmour re iterating that it would be	be	AUX	wrong	ADJ	 wrong
Once the river reaches the outskirts of Hull, its course is marked by a series of bridges, most of which open to allow boats to pass. There are swing bridges, lift bridges and bascule bridges, and the river becomes part of the Port of Hull	Hull	PROPN	.	PUNCT	.
Andrew Simon of Vibe found a " handful " of songs to be poorly conceived and viewed that the album's strength was Saadiq's " crisp " production and bass playing, writing that " On a dime, the thick tones of the multi instrumentalist's weaopn of	of	ADP	choice	NOUN	 choice
Luger denied having joined, despite Tatanka claiming that he had evidence that Luger had " sold out " to DiBiase. Luger and Tatanka faced each other at SummerSlam, where it was revealed that the storyline was a swerve, as Tatanka turned on Luger to join the	the	DET	Million	PROPN	 Million
He is arrested and is placed in a jail cell across from a suspect being interrogated for Pfaster's crimes by Mulder, Scully, and Bocks. Pfaster shows interest in Scully, and learns her name from the interrogated suspect. Pfaster is later released as his charges	charges	NOUN	were	AUX	 were
They took special interest in the fields of medicine, pharmacology, and botany. Saladin built and maintained two hospitals in Cairo emulating the well known Nuri Hospital in Damascus which not only treated patients, but also provided medical schooling. Many scientists and physicians flourished in this	this	DET	period	NOUN	 period
Steve Baker, the leading man of the Cotton Blossom and protective husband of Julie. Parthy Ann Hawks, the stern wife of Cap ' n Andy. Pete, the tough engineer of the Cotton Blossom who tries to flirt with Julie. Joe, a dock worker	worker	NOUN	on	ADP	 on
" Research done by McCarthy and Taylor (1999), found that children with abusive childhood experiences were more likely to develop ambivalent attachments. The study also found that children with ambivalent attachments were more likely to experience difficulties in maintaining intimate relationships as adults. An infant	infant	NOUN	with	ADP	 with
Some example trays are depicted in image 5. A more detailed, expanded image of two trays can be seen in the theoretical plate article. The reboiler often acts as an additional equilibrium stage. If each physical tray or plate were 100% efficient, then the	the	DET	number	NOUN	 number
The final cost of the vessel was 20,301,000 marks. Following her commissioning, Kaiser Barbarossa was assigned to the I Squadron of the Heimatflotte (Home Fleet), which shortly thereafter went on a cruise to Spain. While moored in Cadiz, the ships met the four	four	NUM	Brandenburg	PROPN	 Brandenburg
" The song composed in the key E♭ Mixolydian and it set in time signature of compound time with twelve eighth note in a bar, with the tempo of 75 beats per minute. Bieber's vocal range span two music from the lowest note A♭ 3	3	NUM	and	CCONJ	 and
The plane scene during which passengers die in mid air was created inside a very large sound stage. The three ton hydraulic gimbal was operated automatically. " We spent two months building this central set piece that weighs about 45,000 pounds and holds 89 people, " special	special	ADJ	effects	NOUN	 effects
Odubade began his football career in England, playing in the Sussex County League for Eastbourne Town in 2002, where he scored over 70 times in just two seasons at the East Sussex club in all competitions. This attracted the interest of Yeovil Town, and he later	later	ADV	signed	VERB	 signed
Korn will also be the latest act to be inducted into the world famous Hollywood Rockwalk on October 8, 2013. The band brought back their Family Values Tour as a one day festival, on October 5, 2013. The venue and line up were revealed on	on	ADP	September	PROPN	 September
Instead, Zahir took Acre by force in July 1746. In the first few years following his takeover of Acre, Zahir resided in the fortress of Deir Hanna in the heart of Galilee. He began fortifying Acre by building walls around the city in 1750. He	He	PRON	built	VERB	 built
He described over 100 new species and 22 new genera of polychaete worms in a two volume work considered one of the " great monuments " in annelid taxonomy by the former director of the Hopkins Marine Station, and published on Utah's molluscan fauna. He was section	section	NOUN	editor	NOUN	 editor
Robertson referred to the game's art style as " striking and engaging ". In its debut week, Bravely Default topped gaming charts with sales of 141,529 units, noted as being an impressive debut for a new game. It had a sell through rate of over	over	ADP	85	NUM	 85
Bradley Torreano, of review website Allmusic, gave Diorama four stars, labeling it an AMG Album Pick. He began by noting that Silverchair's improvement from the Frogstomp era was impressive, and that Diorama saw the band " finally growing into their own skin. "	"	PUNCT	Bottrill	PROPN	 Bottrill
The plans attracted local opposition. The first consultation process ended in January 2010. They had proposed that each pylon would be 151 feet (46 m) high: the consultation was only in respect of preferences between two alternate routes, not the size nor the use	use	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
Smith became Surveyor to the company, but was dismissed in April 1799, apparently because he had used his position as surveyor to buy a local house at advantageous terms. He then set himself up in a private practice in Bath but was re engaged by the company	company	NOUN	in	ADP	 in
Baker's voice was also used when Lazenby was impersonating Bray, as Hunt considered Lazenby's imitation not convincing enough. Gabriele Ferzetti was cast as Draco after the producers saw him in an Italian mafia film, but Ferzetti's heavy Italian accent also led to his voice	voice	NOUN	being	AUX	 being
Internationally, the Commodore is again badge engineered as the Chevrolet Lumina and Chevrolet Omega, along with its new export market in the United States as the Pontiac G8 (discontinued as of 2010 along with the Pontiac brand). Variants by Holden's performance arm, HSV	HSV	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
France failed to qualify for both competitions, which resulted in the end of Evra's youth career. Evra earned his first call up to the senior national team in May 2004 after coach Jacques Santini named him to the 31 man preliminary squad to participate in UEFA Euro	Euro	PROPN	2004	NUM	 2004
In all three books, thematically relevant prayers and hymns by the likes of Philip Doddridge, Isaac Watts, Charles Wesley, William Cowper and Ann and Jane Taylor follow each chapter. The theme that dominates The Fairchild Family, Part I is the evangelical need to recognize	recognize	VERB	one	PRON	 one
The Secret Speech, while it did not fundamentally change Soviet society, had wide ranging effects. The speech was a factor in unrest in Poland and revolution in Hungary later in 1956, and Stalin defenders led four days of rioting in his native Georgia in June,	,	PUNCT	calling	VERB	 calling
Corliss calls Selena's singing an " expert mimicry of everything from Édith Piaf's melodramatic contralto to the coloratura riffs of Mariah Carey. But the sounds are still lightly Hispanic. " Newsweek magazine called Selena's English language recordings " a blend of urban pop and Latin	Latin	ADJ	warmth	NOUN	 warmth
It is in the parish of Amlwch, which has three other churches in the surrounding area (St Eilian, Llaneilian; St Gwenllwyfo, Llanwenllwyfo; and St Tyfrydog, Llandyfrydog). As of 2012, the priest in charge is H. V. Jones. The parish	parish	PROPN	is	AUX	 is
The latter are stabilized by more fluorine atoms and lighter central atoms, so sulfur hexafluoride is especially inert. Chlorine, bromine, and iodine can each form mono-, tri-, and pentafluorides, but only iodine heptafluoride has been characterized among possible interhalogen heptafluorides. Many of	of	ADP	them	PRON	 them
During the Second World War Formby worked extensively for the Entertainments National Service Association (ENSA), and entertained civilians and troops, and by 1946 it was estimated that he had performed in front of three million service personnel. After the war his career declined, although	although	SCONJ	he	PRON	 he
Ikuhiko Hata estimates that 50,000 Chinese soldiers were killed in combat during the entire battle whereas Jay Taylor puts the number at 70,000 and states that proportionate to the size of the force committed, such losses were greater than those suffered in the devastating Battle of Shanghai. On	On	ADP	the	DET	 the
There were earlier efforts of reform, originating from the lower clergy, and from about 1551 by Bishop Stanislaus Hosius (Stanisław Hozjusz) of Warmia, a lone at that time among the Church hierarchy, but ardent reformer. At the turn of the 17th century,	,	PUNCT	a	DET	 a
The second round saw Mills use foot stomps and elbows from the clinch, which prevented Wallhead from utilising his wrestling. In the final round, Wallhead continued with takedowns before hitting Mills with elbows. With 45 seconds of the fight remaining, Wallhead was able to cut	cut	VERB	Mills	NOUN	 Mills
John of Worcester says that the group supporting Edgar vacillated over what to do while William ravaged the countryside, which led to Ealdred and Edgar's submission to William. Ealdred crowned William king on Christmas Day 1066. An innovation in William's coronation ceremony was that before	before	ADP	the	DET	 the
Using Gordon's stolen speech, Bane reveals the cover up of Dent's crimes and releases the prisoners of Blackgate Penitentiary, initiating anarchy. The wealthy and powerful have their property expropriated, are dragged from their homes, and are given show trials presided over by Dr.	Dr.	PROPN	Jonathan	PROPN	 Jonathan
In 2008, Coral Springs High School received a " B, " and in 2010 the school received its first " A. " In 2009, all public elementary, middle, and charter schools in the city received " A's, " except for Broward Community Charter	Charter	PROPN	School	PROPN	 School
Between 1985 and 1993, Premier operated as the " Official Cruise Line of Walt Disney World " with onboard Disney characters. In 1983, Greyhound operated a fleet of 3,800 buses and carried about 60 percent of the United States ' bus travel market. Starting November 2	2	NUM	,	PUNCT	,
The castles took their names from the traditional term for this location, " the Cowes ". Constructed in 1539, the western fortification, which became known as West Cowes Castle, had a D shaped bastion at the front, a round, two storey keep at	at	ADP	the	DET	 the
One critic — Eliot Glazer of Vulture — called the early morning time slot " terrible ", directing readers toward online distribution. Although the show premiered during a graveyard slot in U.S. dayparting, nearly one million viewers (993,000) saw it on air. The second	second	ADJ	season	NOUN	 season
During more than 70 engagements, some 140 Brimstone missiles and Paveway IV bombs were deployed in total (roughly half each) and over 3,000 27 mm cannon shells were fired. Prior to the 2010 Strategic Defence and Security Review (SDSR) ' s publication, the	the	DET	retirement	NOUN	 retirement
His obituary in The Times newspaper described him as possessing a " commanding presence with a rich, responsive voice … whether in the classical or modern theatre he was authoritative and dependable. " Morell was born Cecil André Mesritz in London, England, the son of André	André	PROPN	and	CCONJ	 and
Large fortunes were made by a few, who then sought to surround themselves with buildings and gardens appropriate to their social position. Well connected internationally, these people were acquainted with the latest trends in architecture. Neoclassical structures were much in demand. Architect Carl Frederik Stanley	Stanley	PROPN	(	PUNCT	 (
" Jamie McMurray, who finished second, said that his season " has actually been really good, winning the [Daytona] 500, almost winning at Talladega, running second again tonight. " He continued to say that he and his team have " been able	able	ADJ	to	PART	 to
It was written by Judith and Garfield Reeves Stevens, who were newly hired writers for the fourth season of Enterprise. It was their third script after " The Forge " and " Observer Effect ". Manny Coto, the showrunner for the series, devised the story	story	NOUN	for	ADP	 for
Two music videos were filmed for " Can't Take That Away (Mariah's Theme) ". Both feature personal videos left by five fans, re telling their stories of pain and emotional abuse and how the song had inspired them. Additionally, a large screen	screen	NOUN	is	AUX	 is
The only known skeleton was discovered in 1984 and described in 1991, forming the holotype specimen of the single species Amargasaurus cazaui. The skeleton is nearly complete, including a fragmentary skull, making Amargasaurus one of the best known sauropods from the Early Cretaceous. Amargasaurus was	was	AUX	small	ADJ	 small
Arnold Schoenberg, with whom Busoni had been in correspondence since 1903, settled in Berlin in 1911 partially as a consequence of Busoni lobbying on his behalf. In 1913 Busoni arranged at his own apartment a private performance of Schoenberg's Pierrot Lunaire which was attended by,	,	PUNCT	amongst	ADP	 amongst
Originally the whole smokebox wrapper was retained in order to form an air duct, with the exit behind the chimney, but this was found ineffective. The next stage, at least with 2751, was to cut off the top part of the wrapper, but retaining	retaining	VERB	the	DET	 the
The Q 12 was to be air launched from the back of an A 12, and used key technology from the A 12 project, including titanium construction and radar cross section reduction design features. Johnson wanted to power the Q 12 with a ramjet engine built by	by	ADP	Marquardt	PROPN	 Marquardt
In March 2000, just three months before the start of principal photography, Lucas finally completed his rough draft for Episode II. Lucas continued to iterate on his rough draft, producing a proper first and second draft. For help with the third draft, which would	would	AUX	later	ADV	 later
Aaliyah released her second album One in a Million in 1996, and graduated from high school the following year. She gained further exposure with radio hits from film soundtracks, including her 1998 single " Are You That Somebody? ". After it became the biggest hit	hit	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
They are contacted by former Prime Minister Harriet Jones through a secret " subwave network " designed by Mr Copper — a humanoid alien who met the Doctor in " Voyage of the Damned " — to contact the Doctor's companions in an emergency. They attempt to contact	contact	VERB	the	DET	 the
For the second series, it was replaced by Morcheeba's " Let Me See ", except for the last episode when John Lennon's " Love " was used. The Mirror's Charlie Catchpole described the diagetic popular music in the school reunion scenes of Series 2	2	NUM	,	PUNCT	,
The beer was opened and found to be as fresh as the day it was made. The exact degree of smokiness that resulted from the oak kilning in historical times is not known. In addition to wheat, there were periods when the beer also included malted barley	barley	NOUN	in	ADP	 in
During this period, lesbians were almost entirely unrepresented as either heroes or villains. One of the earliest examples of genre science fiction that involves a challenging amount of unconventional sexual activity is the early novel Odd John (1935), by Olaf Stapledon. John is a	a	DET	mutant	NOUN	 mutant
Across China, Fitow damaged about 95,000 houses and left at least 159,000 other houses without power. The storm also flooded about 75,000 hectares (185,000 acres) of fields and killed thousands of fish at fish farms. Damage in the country reached ¥ 63.1 billion (2013	2013	NUM	RMB	NOUN	 RMB
The game's impact led Sunsoft to develop titles with similar top down gameplay like Gremlins 2: The New Batch and Fester's Quest, the latter of whose main designer had helped design the characters for Blaster Master. Iwata incorporated many of the gameplay elements in the	the	DET	remake	NOUN	 remake
" Conversely, IGN's Ramsey Isler viewed the episode more positively, and rated it 7.9 / 10. He explained it " deserves praise for doing a lot of things well, " and lauded the actors ' performances, the props, the direction, and cinematography	cinematography	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
In November 1938, tests against armoured and unarmoured targets had already indicated that the introduction of a weapon of at least 20 mm calibre was urgently needed. A variant on the Spitfire design with four 20 mm Oerlikon cannon had been tendered to specification F37 / 35 but	but	CCONJ	the	DET	 the
He evaluated patent applications for a variety of devices including a gravel sorter and an electromechanical typewriter. In 1903, Einstein's position at the Swiss Patent Office became permanent, although he was passed over for promotion until he " fully mastered machine technology ". Much of	of	ADP	his	PRON	 his
Relations with the press further deteriorated when Lorne's private secretary, Francis de Winton, threw four journalists off the royal train. Although the Lornes had no knowledge of de Winton's action, it was assumed by the press that they did, and they earned an	an	DET	early	ADJ	 early
Leslie's such a lively and energetic character, it was really fun for me to become her. " Levine stated that " looking for Jesse was a really tough hunt. We needed someone who could go from an introverted boy in an isolated world to someone who	who	PRON	completely	ADV	 completely
The WCHL and PCHA adopted an interlocking schedule for this season, with the Tigers struggling against their pacific coast opposition, winning just two of six games. Calgary finished third in the standings, behind Edmonton and Regina, as former Tiger Barney Stanley scored the winning goal	goal	NOUN	against	ADP	 against
On February 9, 2010, Beyoncé appeared on The Today Show where she talked about Heat. From January 15, 2011 to February 15, 2011, Seventeen magazine gave away 10,000 free samples of Heat. A sample of the fragrance was given for each copy of	of	ADP	the	DET	 the
The first archaeological evidence for human foraging on Madagascar dates to 2000 BC. Human settlement of Madagascar occurred between 350 BC and AD 550 by Austronesian peoples arriving on outrigger canoes from Borneo. These were joined around AD 1000 by Bantu migrants crossing the Mozambique Channel from East	East	PROPN	Africa	PROPN	 Africa
In an unusual move, Hitler kept it in the Crimea, but did not put the corps under the command of Luftflotte 4 (Air Fleet 4), which already contained 6th Air Corps, under the command of General Kurt Pflugbeil, and Fliegerführer Süd (Flying	Flying	PROPN	Command	PROPN	 Command
The lake is situated in a valley between two ridges in the Porcupine Mountains. Surrounded by wilderness, the lake is a popular destination for hikers, campers, and fishermen. The lake is a prominent feature of the park, and can be viewed at the Lake	Lake	PROPN	of	ADP	 of
1064 – before 1137) was a member of the Doukas family, a relative of Byzantine emperor Alexios I Komnenos (r. 1081 – 1118) and a senior military figure of his reign. As governor of Dyrrhachium, he secured the imperial possessions in the western Balkans	Balkans	PROPN	against	ADP	 against
She funded Youth Action International to help youth break out of cycles of violence and poverty in war torn African communities and set up school building projects in Liberia in 2006. She supports the Unstoppable Foundation, cofunding the establishment of the Becky Primary School in Liberia. During	During	ADP	her	PRON	 her
Jack eventually works his way to the bathysphere, but Ryan destroys it before Jack can reach it. Enraged, Atlas directs Jack towards Ryan's mansion through Ryan's army of Splicers and Big Daddies. At times, Jack is forced to travel through areas controlled by	by	ADP	Ryan	PROPN	 Ryan
The jury was impanelled on January 18. The indictment was read and Cannon delivered his opening statement. Most of the evidence pertained to the robbery counts, resulting in speculation that the other counts would not even be tried if a robbery conviction could be obtained. On	On	ADP	January	PROPN	 January
The character nichi (日) means " sun " or " day "; hon (本) means " base " or " origin ". The compound means " origin of the sun " or " sunrise " (from a Chinese point of view, the	the	DET	sun	NOUN	 sun
His small boat then became mired in mud by the receding tide, and did not become freed until 3 am the next morning. Captain Langle then proposed to Major Rostaing, the commander of the troops, that they cross the muddy shallows on foot. He was	was	AUX	agreeable	ADJ	 agreeable
Miller also took his first catch at Shield level, that of Mervyn Waite. In the second innings, he managed seven before being bowled by leg spinner Clarrie Grimmett, one of the leading bowlers in the world in the 1930s. One of Miller's teammates was	was	AUX	Percy	PROPN	 Percy
In the end, P.N.03 was the only Capcom Five title to remain exclusive to the system. P.N.03 was the first of the Capcom Five to be released. Before the game's debut in Japan, Capcom distributed playable demos to stores and released screenshots to the media	media	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
On 17 August 1916 Bertie Mitford died; David, still serving at the front, became the 2nd Baron Redesdale. Sydney quickly took possession of Batsford House, much of which had been shut up for many years, and occupied the portion of it that she could	could	AUX	afford	VERB	 afford
According to the sheetmusic published at Musicnotes.com by Universal Music Publishing Group, " Outrageous " is composed in the key of D major, with a tempo of 105 beats per minute. The song's lyrics talk about materialism and amusement, with Spears referencing in the chorus	chorus	NOUN	a	DET	 a
It took Lovell ten minutes to figure out the right numbers, using the thrusters to get the stars Rigel and Sirius aligned, and another 15 minutes to enter the corrected data into the computer. Sixteen months later, Lovell would once again have to perform a similar	similar	ADJ	manual	NOUN	 manual
Transandinomys bolivaris is a medium sized rice rat with very long superciliary vibrissae (more than 50 mm (2.0 in) long and extending well beyond the ears when laid back against the head). According to Fiona Reid's Mammals of Southeastern Mexico & Central America,	,	PUNCT	it	PRON	 it
On November 10, 2010, McEntire appeared at the Country Music Association Awards performing her version of Beyoncé's " If I Were a Boy ". On December 20, 2010, McEntire scored her 35th Billboard number one single in the U.S. with " Turn On the	the	DET	Radio	NOUN	 Radio
It was reissued throughout the 19th century, and in 1867, " by the aid of photography the whole series, excepting the portraits of their Majesties George III. and Queen Charlotte, is now presented in a handy form, suitable for ordinary libraries or the drawing	drawing	NOUN	room	NOUN	 room
They changed their name because of the altered line up, and to avoid being mistaken for a satanic metal band. With a new name and label, the band released its second album, New American Gospel, in September 2000. Patrick Kennedy of Allmusic compared the	the	DET	band	NOUN	 band
There is no fixed list of the Upanishads as newer ones, beyond the Muktika anthology of 108 Upanishads, have continued to be discovered and composed. In 1908, for example, four previously unknown Upanishads were discovered in newly found manuscripts, and these were named Bashkala	Bashkala	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
She began playing the sport in 2004, the same year she made her national team debut. After the national team took a three year break, she was named the captain in 2010 and played in the Goalball World Championships. She was selected to represent Australia at	at	ADP	the	DET	 the
The other two are located at the Tollygunge Club and at Fort William. The Royal Calcutta Turf Club hosts horse racing and polo matches. The Calcutta Polo Club is considered the oldest extant polo club in the world. The Calcutta Racket Club is a squash and racquet	racquet	ADJ	club	NOUN	 club
Meanwhile, Buzz and the other toys eventually reach Al's Toy Barn. While searching for Woody, Buzz is imprisoned in a cardboard box by another Buzz Lightyear action figure with a utility belt, who thinks he is a real space ranger, like the original Buzz	Buzz	PROPN	from	ADP	 from
Years later, it emerged that Eagleson had very good relations with Black Hawks owner Bill Wirtz and NHL president John Ziegler that colluded to hold back salaries of certain players. Orr disassociated himself from Eagleson in 1980. Orr's contract with Chicago, five years in length	length	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
The Allies took position on the northern ridge. As the army prepared for battle on 18 June, the 2nd Division were initially held in reserve, placed in the centre left, behind Major General Cooke's 1st Division. Following the French cavalry's battering of the	the	DET	British	ADJ	 British
After her trial, she emerged as the movement's most visible leader. Other leaders, such as William J. Robinson, Mary Dennett, and Blanche Ames Ames, could not match Sanger's charisma, charm and fervor. The movement was evolving from radical, working	working	VERB	class	NOUN	 class
NYU has successfully completed a seven year, $2.5 billion campaign, surpassing expectations by raising more than $3 billion over the seven year period. Started in 2001, this campaign was the university's largest in its history, in which they planned to " raise	raise	VERB	$	SYM	 $
His next victory came in the stage one individual time trial at the Volta a Catalunya. In late June, Cancellara won his third straight Swiss National Time Trial champion title. He was not selected to ride with Team CSC at the Tour de France. Outside of	of	ADP	repeating	VERB	 repeating
In 88 minutes of play, Australia added a further 66 runs. During this time, the third new ball became available, but England opted not to use it immediately, as the wet and slippery ground had made it hard for the bowlers to grip the ball	ball	NOUN	or	CCONJ	 or
" At Ephesus Alexios seized Theodore Palaiologos, the Emperor's brother, but failed to gain the support of all provincial governors; Libadarios, most notably, who was also Theodore's father in law, remained loyal to Andronikos. Negotiations began, with Andronikos offering Alexios	Alexios	PROPN	the	DET	 the
Other major construction projects included an extensive road network, a naval installation, 28,000 square feet (2,600 m2) of warehousing, and clearing land for supply dumps and bivouacs. A 1,000 bed hospital was also built after the original plans for a 1,900 bed facility were	were	AUX	revised	VERB	 revised
He described the ' skimming ' referred to by Carr as a form of attention deficit caused by the immaturity of filter algorithms: " The trouble isn ’ t that we have too much information at our fingertips, but that our tools for managing it are still in	in	ADP	their	PRON	 their
Stephen Thomas Erlewine of AllMusic commented, " If 2001's Britney was a transitional album, capturing Spears at the point when she wasn't a girl and not yet a woman, its 2003 follow up, In the Zone, is where she has finally completed that	that	SCONJ	journey	NOUN	 journey
" She added " the thorny issue of adultery is tackled in a way only The Simpsons could, " and " though Homer is contemplating cheating, he's a sympathetic and almost innocent character. " Robert Canning of IGN called the episode " smart, touching and	and	CCONJ	funny	ADJ	 funny
A number of these installations were identified from Royal Air Force (RAF) aerial reconnaissance photographs during 1941, but their exact purpose and the nature of the equipment that they possessed was not known. A number of British scientists believed that these stations were connected with the	the	DET	heavy	ADJ	 heavy
A week later, Anonymous increased their claim to 20,000 accounts and released a list of the accounts. The list included the Twitter accounts of Barack Obama, Hillary Clinton, the New York Times and BBC News. The BBC reported that most of the accounts on the	the	DET	list	NOUN	 list
Tropical Storm Gilda weakened slightly over Cuba, crossing the island in less than twelve hours before emerging into the Atlantic Ocean early on October 19. At the time, the anticyclone over Jamaica which previously assisted the cyclone instead remained over the Caribbean, which increased shear over	over	ADP	the	DET	 the
Yttrium can be found in edible plants in concentrations between 20 ppm and 100 ppm (fresh weight), with cabbage having the largest amount. With up to 700 ppm, the seeds of woody plants have the highest known concentrations. Lutetium has no biological role as	as	ADV	well	ADV	 well
In the second episode, during the outdoor scene after Alphonse's funeral, a tram stop sign can be seen. This style and design of tram signage wasn't introduced until well into the 2000s. When Carl Williams is shot in the series by Moran the shooting	shooting	NOUN	takes	VERB	 takes
When the new building was proposed, the initial plan called for a 44,000 square feet (4,100 m2) facility. The finished product featured a new gym and cafeteria in a 34,000 square feet (3,200 m2) building. Ownership of the new facility is saving the	the	DET	Saint	PROPN	 Saint
A travel narrative that reflects on topography, politics, society, aesthetics, and the author's personal feelings, it provided a model for Mary Shelley's work. Like her mother, Mary Shelley revealed her liberalism by boldly discussing politics; however, this political tone	tone	NOUN	was	AUX	 was
From World War II onwards, the hotel and Park Lane become renowned for accommodating numerous international film stars, and it was closely associated with Elizabeth Taylor and Richard Burton in the 1960s and 1970s. During World War II, several properties on Park Lane were hit by	by	ADP	bombs	NOUN	 bombs
The oldest known arachnid is the trigonotarbid Palaeotarbus jerami, from about 420 million years ago in the Silurian period. Attercopus fimbriunguis, from 386 million years ago in the Devonian period, bears the earliest known silk producing spigots, but its lack of spinnerets means it was	was	AUX	not	PART	 not
Macdonough resigned his command for health reasons on 9 October 1825. Constitution put in for repairs during December and into January 1826, until Daniel Todd Patterson assumed command on 21 February. By August she had put into Port Mahon, suffering decay of her spar deck,	,	PUNCT	and	CCONJ	 and
F. rubiginosa is largely sympatric with F. obliqua, though its range extends further west into dryer regions than the latter species. Outside its native range, F. rubiginosa has naturalised to some degree in urban Melbourne and Adelaide in Australia, as well as New Zealand, Hawaii	Hawaii	PROPN	and	CCONJ	 and
The upper layer is thicker (9 metres (30 ft)) but the thinner lower bed (4 metres (10 ft)) is of greater value; the weight percent of shale oil yield is around 12% for the lower layer as compared to 7	7	NUM	%	NOUN	%
As Russian had not actually taken money from his victims, he had not committed a crime, and a civil case was not pursued due to a lack of funds. Much of the mainstream media's reaction to the con was published in December 2002, around the	the	DET	time	NOUN	 time
By the 1960s, however, I. purpureus once again became preferred over I. detectus. While the two names were described in the same year and publication, the name I. purpureus is the valid name for the species in accordance with the International Code of Zoological Nomenclature.	.	PUNCT	Entomologist	PROPN	 Entomologist
UB 17's standard complement consisted of one officer and thirteen enlisted men. After work on UB 17 was complete at the Weser yard, she was readied for rail shipment. The process of shipping a UB I boat involved breaking the submarine down into what was essentially	essentially	ADV	a	DET	 a
The Michiana Parkway was constructed from CR 4, just south of the " Elkhart East " interchange (exit 96) of the Indiana Toll Road, to US 12 in Porter Township, along the boundary with Mason Township. The Indiana portion was an upgrade and extension	extension	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
The continental divide is 20 miles (32 km) east. Chaco Canyon was created by the Chaco River, which cut several hundred feet into Chacra Mesa. The elevation of the sandstone canyon and the surrounding high desert terrain is approximately 6,000 feet (1,800 m)	)	PUNCT	.	PUNCT	.
Alfonsín proposed the postponement the sovereignty discussions, instead negotiating for a de jure cease of hostilities, with a reduction in the number of military forces and a normalization of Argentina – United Kingdom relations. The United Kingdom did not trust the proposal, suspecting that it was	was	AUX	a	DET	 a
" In late 1998, Duchovny met with series creator Carter and they agreed that Duchovny would write a late season installment for the series. While both Duchovny and Carter had wanted to write an episode about baseball for several years, Duchovny first conceived the basic premise for	for	ADP	"	PUNCT	 "
Craik and District Golf Course is a 9 hole green golf course 1 / 2 mile east of the LRT. Craik has been sponsoring development and education about “ ecovillages ”, sustainable housing development. In a distance of 12.2 kilometres (7.6 mi) is the small	small	ADJ	village	NOUN	 village
This produces cure rates of between 70 and 80% for genotype 2 and 3, respectively, and 45 to 70% for genotypes 1 and 4. Adverse effects with these treatments were common, with half of people getting flu like symptoms and a third experiencing emotional	emotional	ADJ	problems	NOUN	 problems
It was given this status on 23 April 1998, and has been listed because it is seen as " a good example of H Kennedy's designs for a small scale rural church ". Cadw (the Welsh Government body responsible for the built heritage of Wales and	and	CCONJ	the	DET	 the
The percentage of the local population that is income deprived in 2012 was recorded at 15.7% against a Fife and Scottish average of 13.4%. The Glenrothes area's economy predominantly comprises manufacturing and engineering industries, health and public sector jobs and service sector jobs. The	The	DET	number	NOUN	 number
Vivekananda blended humour with his teachings, and his language was lucid. His Bengali writings testify to his belief that words (spoken or written) should clarify ideas, rather than demonstrating the speaker (or writer's) knowledge. Bartaman Bharat meaning " Present Day India	India	PROPN	"	PUNCT	 "
Code Points are earned after each mission in amounts that depend on the quantity of " Dropped Code " collected from defeated enemies, as well as mission clear time, and damage done and taken. When replaying completed stages, the amount of Code Points earned is the	the	DET	difference	NOUN	 difference
Jens David Ohlin was employed as an Associate Professor of Law at Cornell Law School. Ohlin's work had been published in academic journals, including the American Journal of International Law, the Columbia Law Review, and the Harvard International Law Journal. He wrote the 2008	2008	NUM	book	NOUN	 book
Two British frigates that were supposed to be on patrol outside the bay were trapped inside the bay by de Grasse's arrival; this prevented the British in New York from learning the full strength of de Grasse's fleet until it was too late. British Admiral George	George	PROPN	Brydges	PROPN	 Brydges
Deck armour — 75 millimetres (3.0 in) thick — was composed of a nickel chromium molybdenum alloy. Ballistics tests at the proving ground at Kamegabuki demonstrated the deck alloy to be superior to the homogeneous Vickers plates by 10 – 15%. Additional plating was designed	designed	VERB	by	ADP	 by
The entire staff went " location hunting " to determine Inaba's design. Inaba does not represent " a country town that has tourist attractions ", but rather a non notable, " ' nowhere ' place ". Hashino described the town as being " for better	better	ADV	or	CCONJ	 or
Separation (uranium enrichment) would have to be achieved at a large scale. At Cambridge, Eric Rideal and his team investigated using a gas centrifuge. Frisch chose to perform gaseous thermal diffusion using Clusius tubes because it seemed the simplest method. Frisch ’ s calculations	calculations	NOUN	showed	VERB	 showed
She announced the engagement on Instagram, with a photo of her ring and her fiance in the background, with the caption " So this just happened... " Liukin began gymnastics at the age of three because she was " always hanging around in the gym " with	with	ADP	her	PRON	 her
The admission stunned Khrushchev, and turned the U 2 affair from a possible triumph to a disaster for him, and he even appealed to U.S. Ambassador Llewellyn Thompson for help. Khrushchev was undecided what to do at the summit even as he boarded his flight to Paris	Paris	PROPN	.	PUNCT	.
In 2001, its newest production facility opened in Dunaújváros (Hungary). After the turn of the millennium, Triumph was one of the biggest textile manufacturers in terms of sales in the domestic market. From 2008 to 2012, the company hosted the Triumph Inspiration Awards	Awards	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
" Within days, FISA announced new regulations and banned the Group B supercars for the following year. In October, two weeks after securing the German Rally Championship title, Mouton announced her retirement from rallying. She cited the end of the Group B era as the	the	DET	reason	NOUN	 reason
He became superintendent of that division in October 1899, then was transferred to become superintendent of the B Division one month later. In 1901, he was posted to Dawson, where he assumed responsibility for 43 Mounted Policemen and 4 other men at the Whitehorse station.	.	PUNCT	During	ADP	 During
The 20,000 square foot (1,900 m2) library featured reading rooms, study areas, a reference center, a music room, seating for 385 students, and space for 100,000 volumes. Two expansions, one in 1973 and the final in 1992, each increased the	the	DET	library	NOUN	 library
Traveling briskly to the northeast, it became severe within 25 minutes and potentially tornadic by 1: 36 p.m. CDT. A tornado finally touched down at 2: 30 p.m. CDT just east of the Philadelphia Municipal Airport. It quickly intensified and began producing EF5 damage by	by	ADP	2	NUM	 2
The end of the 1970s saw the introduction of the Northrop F 5 Tiger II.The F 5 won the competition against the F 4 Phantom II, Dassault Mirage F1 and Saab 37 Viggen, after the Hawker Siddeley Harrier, the Fiat G.91Y and the A 4N Skyhawk passed	passed	VERB	out	ADP	 out
Sustainable business models and the triple bottom line are viewed as morally praiseworthy but ignorant to the tendency in capitalism for the distribution of wealth to become increasingly unequal and socially unstable / unsustainable. Ecosocialists claim that the general unwillingness of capitalists to tolerate — and capitalist governments to	to	PART	implement	VERB	 implement
They suffered some casualties when fired on by artillery, before bivouacking that night at Tammun with the 16th and 19th Divisions at Tubas, unaware that Desert Mounted Corps had already occupied Beisan. They were moving northwards from Tubas towards Beisan when von Oppen learned it had already	already	ADV	been	AUX	 been
Skyfall set an opening weekend record in Switzerland ($5.3 million) and recorded the second largest opening weekend for a Hollywood film in India of 2012 ($5.1 million), as well as grossing $14.3 million on its opening weekend in France. In Austria	Austria	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
David Hulett, the founder of Huletts Landing, was born in Killingly, Connecticut c. 1758 – 1762 and served as a private under General James Wadsworth during the American Revolution. For three years the unit where Pvt. Hulett served fought mainly in upstate New York.	.	PUNCT	Oral	ADJ	 Oral
Sudan became independent in 1956, after the outbreak of the First Sudanese Civil War (1955 – 1972). After the Addis Ababa Agreement (1972) the Jieng Bor and Murle people lived in relative peace, sharing grazing areas, especially Gok Bor. In mid	mid	ADJ	1981	NUM	 1981
As of 2011, " Zooropa " has been performed live at 31 shows. During performances, the stage's 360° retractable video screen would expand its full length, and U2 would perform behind the screen as it took over the stage. The Edmonton Journal commented	commented	VERB	that	SCONJ	 that
He led the league in home runs and also in slugging percentage, had the second highest RBI, was fourth in the league in hits and extra base hits, and had the seventh highest batting average. He was named an International League All Star outfielder in 2000	2000	NUM	,	PUNCT	,
E.W. Swanton described him as " a thick, bearded fellow " and " a faithful old war horse ". The Yorkshire Post said that Pullin " stood for all the best in sporting critics of the older school... He was proud, and rightly proud, of	of	ADP	the	DET	 the
" Rothstein describes the phenomenon within a belief system inspired by science fiction, and notes that the " myth about Xenu,... in the shape of a science fiction inspired anthropogony, explains the basic Scientological claims about the human condition. " Andreas Grünschloß analyzes the Xenu	Xenu	PROPN	text	NOUN	 text
Despite his receiving unit being plagued by injuries, Jay Cutler ended the season with 3,629 passing yards, 21 touchdowns, 11 interceptions and career highs in passer rating (92.3) and completion percentage (64.4). The eleven interceptions were the lowest in his career and	and	CCONJ	resulted	VERB	 resulted
" Intro " contains a sample of " Down into the Magic " performed by Donald Kerr. " Dreams " contains a sample of " No Money Down " performed by Jerry Butler. " Hate It or Love It " contains a sample of " Rubberband " performed	performed	VERB	by	ADP	 by
listed the album on their " 100 Records That Rocked 100 Issues of Exclaim! " list. Hip Hop Connection ranked it number six on their list of " The 100 Greatest Rap Albums 1995 – 2005 ". Complex ranked the album fifth on their list of "	"	PUNCT	The	DET	 The
Most Forth programmers therefore advocate a loose top down design, and bottom up development with continuous testing and integration. The top down design is usually separation of the program into " vocabularies " that are then used as high level sets of tools to write the final program	program	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
Although disease was responsible for the majority of deaths, Spanish expeditions and internecine warfare between indigenous groups also played their part. Catholic priests from Yucatán founded several mission towns around Lake Petén Itzá in 1702 – 1703. The first towns to be concentrated into colonial reducciones were	were	AUX	Ixtutz	ADJ	 Ixtutz
In his 1976 monograph on Allosaurus, James Madsen mentioned a range of bone sizes which he interpreted to show a maximum length of 12 to 13 m (39 to 43 ft). As with dinosaurs in general, weight estimates are debatable, and since 1980 have	have	AUX	ranged	VERB	 ranged
Rolling Stone reviewer Danyel Smith called the album " an alternative to the benign bullshit music that floods the chain stores and commercial radio waves. " Stephen Thomas Erlewine wrote that " Although it retains many of the same qualities of their critically acclaimed debut [...] there	there	PRON	's	VERB	's
Wilson's proposal was accepted, and the Gerow Board's recommendations resulted in a multi tiered educational system still in effect today, with a Squadron Officer School for junior officers; an Air Command and Staff College for middle level officers; and an Air University for senior	senior	ADJ	officers	NOUN	 officers
LTG of Television Without Pity graded it as an " A – ". Jon Lachonis of UGO gave the episode an " A + ", calling it " a crushingly emotional, action packed introduction... [which proves] that... Lost's groundbreaking protean form still	still	ADV	has	VERB	 has
Nellie Bertram (Catherine Tate) assigns Erin Hannon (Ellie Kemper) and Pete Miller (Jake Lacy) to a social media project that meets with some success. She notices the two's flirting with each other for the first time and assumes that she brought it	it	PRON	on	ADP	 on
Prior to World War II both submarines participated in cruises to Mediterranean ports. Hrabri was captured by Italian forces in April 1941 during the German led Axis invasion of Yugoslavia. She was never commissioned by the Italians and was subsequently scrapped. Nebojša evaded capture, and served	served	VERB	with	ADP	 with
It has so many depth and layers that it's easily as self aware and earnest as Ray of Light. " The album took the number one position in more than 20 countries worldwide and sold four million copies in the first ten days. In the U.S.,	,	PUNCT	Music	PROPN	 Music
It was released for the PlayStation 3 in June 2013. An updated version, The Last of Us Remastered, was released for the PlayStation 4 in July 2014. In the game, players control Joel, a man tasked with escorting a young woman named Ellie across	across	ADP	a	DET	 a
Scholastic retained control of book publishing and the TV series, but gave Parachute Press merchandising rights to the series. In September 1997, following a dispute between Scholastic and Parachute Press, Scholastic accused Parachute Press of breaching the contract. Scholastic claimed that Parachute Press had been	been	AUX	making	VERB	 making
Eventually, Viktor and his colleague, Dr. Pavel Bakharev, began to experiment on live human infection, and the Eastern Spirit was on its way from the Sakhalin to collect the next batch of human specimens supplied by the Mafia when the exocel outbreak occurred. An exocel	exocel	NOUN	then	ADV	 then
This version included a 15 second sample of The Beatles ' " All You Need Is Love ", as well as samples of the MC5's " Kick Out the Jams " and Samantha Fox's " Touch Me (I Want Your Body) ". The song	song	NOUN	had	AUX	 had
I didn't get much from it ". IGN's Chris Carabott gave the episode a 7.5 / 10, making it his least favorite episode of the season. Carabott wrote that " this season [Lost's main character Jack] seems to have been relegated to	to	ADP	playing	VERB	 playing
She fell in love with both the landscape and the culture of New Mexico. After a year, she was pronounced cured, and left on December 22, 1927. Scarritt and Joseph renewed their engagement, and were married in the garden of her family's home	home	NOUN	in	ADP	 in
In 1949 he published a paper introducing the " no small subgroups " property of Lie groups (the existence of a neighborhood of the identity within which no nontrivial subgroup exists) that would eventually be crucial to its solution. His 1952 paper on the subject, together	together	ADV	with	ADP	 with
" St. John the Baptist church is one of five churches in the Church of England Parish of Keynsham, the others being the village churches of St. Michael's in Burnett and St. Margaret's in Queen Charlton, the " Mission Church " in Chewton Keynsham (formerly	formerly	ADV	the	DET	 the
The third part returns to the main motif with added guitar fills. The melody line is abandoned in the second section and replaced with multiple interwoven takes of guitar effects, including phasing, echo, and controlled feedback. It concludes with a few bars of hard blues	blues	NOUN	rock	NOUN	 rock
In a 1908 research, anthropologist Fonseca Cardoso considered that Poveiros were the result of a mixture of Phoenicians, Teutons, Jews and, mostly, Normans. In the book The Races of Europe (1938), Poveiros were distinguished by having a greater than usual degree	degree	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
Haflinger horses are relatively small, are always chestnut in color, have distinctive gaits described as energetic but smooth, and are well muscled yet elegant. The breed traces its ancestry to the Middle Ages; there are several theories for its origin. Haflingers, developed for	for	ADP	use	NOUN	 use
Most of the important art pieces had been " secured " by the Nazis within six months of September 1939; by the end of 1942, German officials estimated that " over 90% " of the art previously in Poland was in their possession. Some art was	was	AUX	shipped	VERB	 shipped
It inhabits lowland tropical dry forest, sub arid thorn scrub, gallery forest, spiny forest, eastern littoral forest, dry deciduous forests, semi humid deciduous, moist lowland forest, transitional forest, and secondary forests or degraded forests (including plantations) all ranging up	up	ADP	to	ADP	 to
Initially, all ERPI wired theaters were made Vitaphone compatible; most were equipped to project Movietone reels as well. However, even with access to both technologies, most of the Hollywood companies remained slow to produce talking features of their own. No studio besides Warner Bros.	Bros.	PROPN	released	VERB	 released
The expansion was made available for download to Australian customers only on November 23, 2007. Shivering Isles and Knights of the Nine expansions shipped together in the packaged release of Oblivion's Game of the Year edition. Much of the distinctive look of Shivering Isles is credited	credited	VERB	to	PART	 to
With the second string in the game, the final points were scored by Kenyan Drake on a three yard run that made the final score 42 – 10. In the game, Lacey ran for 177 yards and Yeldon ran for 144 yards with a combined five touchdowns	touchdowns	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
He twice filed a letter of resignation between 1976 and 1980, but was turned down on both occasions. During Kosygin's sick leave, Brezhnev appointed Nikolai Tikhonov to the post of First Deputy Chairman of the Council of Ministers. Tikhonov, as with Brezhnev, was	was	AUX	a	DET	 a
The Pennsylvania Railroad, like many other railroads of the time, put on grand displays of their progress; the PRR arranged for the locomotive and a couple of coaches to be delivered to the railroad's Jersey City, New Jersey, workshops where it would undergo a	a	DET	partial	ADJ	 partial
Performances of the singles " Basis of Everything " and " The Rules " at Oxegen 2008 were described as having " the kind of hummable sheen that sounds as perfect at a festival as on the radio ". Two extended plays were also been released to accompany their	their	PRON	debut	NOUN	 debut
Although most privateers were small, carrying only a few cannon, some could be very large, rivalling professional warships in size. One such ship was the Bellone, which carried 34 guns, a crew of nearly 200 men and was commanded by Captain Jacques François Perroud	Perroud	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
Somerset were heavily beaten in the match, during which Fothergill took three wickets and scored three runs. That summer, he was selected to appear for the professional " Players " against the amateur " Gentlemen " in the prestigious annual fixture at Lord's, in which	which	PRON	he	PRON	 he
This statement, published immediately after Heywood's pardon in a local Whitehaven newspaper as an open letter to Edward Christian, contradicted the respect Heywood had accorded Bligh in the courtroom, and, in turn, it led to the publication in late 1794 of Edward Christian's	's	PART	Appendix	PROPN	 Appendix
Barns moved to New London, Connecticut and formed a whaling company with William Williams Jr. in 1827. The company prospered and became one of the largest firms in the city, but Barns avoided the 1849 decline of the whaling industry by investing elsewhere. Barns invested in	in	ADP	the	DET	 the
The NVC four step model is seen as problematic for a number of reasons: the notion of unbiased observations has been criticized because multiple interpretations of events and behaviors are likely; people may not understand their own feelings and needs and therefore expressing them may be challenging,	,	PUNCT	if	SCONJ	 if
After " Wah Wah ", he brought " My Sweet Lord " forward in the order, followed by " Awaiting on You All ", before handing over to Billy Preston. The afternoon's " creaky " " Hear Me Lord " was dropped, so that	that	SCONJ	the	DET	 the
For Leslie Bethell, López II overestimated Paraguay's military power, and this induced him to behave recklessly. According to Professor Bethell: Solano López's decision to declare war first on Brazil and then on Argentina, and to invade both their territories, proved a serious	serious	ADJ	miscalculation	NOUN	 miscalculation
Pinkney threw for 118 yards and one touchdown, but the longest pass came from the Pirates ' second quarterback, Rob Kass. Kass threw a 36 – yard pass in the fourth quarter to keep the Pirates ' game winning drive alive. The pass was Kass's	's	PART	only	ADJ	 only
Her and Fatboy have a romantic day, but you don't see anything on screen [in the Christmas episode] because it is dominated by the Brannings. There will be an interactive section where viewers can press the red button and see a ten minute film of	of	ADP	how	SCONJ	 how
Today Cabernet Sauvignon is the second most widely planted red wine grape in Australia, following Shiraz with which it is often blended. It can be found in several wine regions with many large producers using grapes from several states. Notable regional differences characterize Australian Cabernet Sauvignon:	:	PUNCT	in	ADP	 in
" Premiered respectively by Prokofiev (No. 6: 8 April 1940), Sviatoslav Richter (No. 7: Moscow, 18 January 1943) and Emil Gilels (No. 8: Moscow, 30 December 1944), they were subsequently championed in particular by	by	ADP	Richter	PROPN	 Richter
The country shares land borders with Papua New Guinea, East Timor, and Malaysia. Other neighbouring countries include Singapore, the Philippines, Australia, Palau, and the Indian territory of the Andaman and Nicobar Islands. Indonesia is a founding member of ASEAN and a member	member	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
Out of the film's opening weekend income, 12% was from IMAX; it was " the highest IMAX share yet for a two dimensional title ". In 2008, it was the 27th highest grossing film during its opening weekend but 40th for the entire year	year	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
The Ottoman Navy attacked his Acre stronghold in the summer of 1775 and he was killed outside of its walls shortly after. The wealth Zahir accumulated through monopolizing Palestine's cotton and olive oil trade to Europe financed his sheikhdom. For much of his rule, he oversaw	oversaw	VERB	a	DET	 a
Four U.S. Routes bisect the city, including US 24, US 27, US 30, and US 33. Five Indiana State Roads also meet in the city, including State Road 1, State Road 3, State Road 14, State Road 37, and State	State	PROPN	Road	PROPN	 Road
The following tables outline each posting and its outcome. ^ § This was Otsuka's second attempt to play in MLB after an unsuccessful posting the previous year. ^ ψ Though MLB teams traditionally disclose bid amounts after negotiating rights have been won, the Dodgers chose not	not	PART	to	PART	 to
If a wild pitch or passed ball allows a runner to advance beyond the base that is stolen, the scorer may rule that the further advance occurred by a wild pitch or passed ball. Some relatively uncommon situations may also require a judgment call by the official scorer	scorer	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
On their wedding day, Magnus named Sigurd his co king and put him in charge of the western lands. Muirchertach also recognised Magnus ' control over Dublin and Fingal. Around the same time Muirchertach married a daughter of Arnulf of Montgomery, brother of Hugh (who	who	PRON	was	AUX	 was
By the afternoon of August 30 the system continued to show strong convection and had developed a broad but well defined area of low to mid level cyclonic turning. By 0600 UTC that day the system became a tropical depression about 360 miles (579 km) southeast of	of	ADP	Acapulco	PROPN	 Acapulco
Edmund Fuller insisted that Angelou's intellectual range and artistry were apparent in how she told her story. Caged Bird catapulted Angelou to international fame and critical acclaim, was a significant development in Black women's literature in that it " heralded the success of other now prominent	prominent	ADJ	writers	NOUN	 writers
Xander and Anya's duet — the most fun to shoot but difficult to write, according to Whedon — is inspired by Fred Astaire Ginger Rogers comedies as evidenced by the silken pajama costumes and art deco apartment setting. Musically, the song uses influences from Ira Gershwin	Gershwin	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
He begins to struggle for breath and then collapses from an intracranial aneurysm. Later, Graham makes tea for Jan and Sally. Jan is upset about Frankie's death. Si says that no one can touch anything or call an ambulance until Frankie's manager arrives.	.	PUNCT	Tamsin	PROPN	 Tamsin
From the summit, there are views over the Milfield Plain, Glendale and the Till Valley, and to Eildon Hill, Yeavering Bell and the Cheviot Hills. Buzzards, kestrels, lapwings and curlews are common, while bilberry, tormentil and heath bedstraw carpet the soil	soil	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
In The Little Mermaid she is depicted as being willing to do anything to be with Prince Eric, even giving up her voice to become human. Clements described her as a typical teenager, prone to errors of judgment. She also is incredibly curious, and her	her	PRON	curiosity	NOUN	 curiosity
DNA sequencing, one of the most fundamental technologies developed to study genetics, allows researchers to determine the sequence of nucleotides in DNA fragments. The technique of chain termination sequencing, developed in 1977 by a team led by Frederick Sanger, is still routinely used to sequence	sequence	VERB	DNA	NOUN	 DNA
Though these officers were junior in rank to the generals commanding the armies, they held significant power over their careers through the reports made on their operations to GQG. One officer from the Third Bureau liaised with the French government and another with the president and they were	were	AUX	said	VERB	 said
After landing, the spacecraft would have stayed on the Moon for a day, before it was propelled back to Earth. Launch from the Lunar Surface and trans Earth injection would have been performed by the Service Module, which would also have contained components of the life	life	NOUN	support	NOUN	 support
They were variously characterised as part of a garage rock, new wave or post punk revival. Influences ranged from traditional blues, through new wave to grunge. The music ranged from the atonal tracks of bands like Liars to the melodic pop songs of groups like the	the	DET	Sounds	PROPN	 Sounds
The Incredible Hulk is a Sitting Coaster by Swiss firm Bolliger & Mabillard (B & M). The 3,700 foot long (1,100 m) ride features seven inversions including a zero g roll, a cobra roll, two vertical loops, and two corkscrews. The	The	DET	ride	NOUN	 ride
" By 1970 Moon had begun to use timbales, gongs and timpani, and these were included in his setup for the rest of his career. In 1973 Premier's marketing manager, Eddie Haynes, began consulting with Moon about specific requirements. At one point,	,	PUNCT	Moon	PROPN	 Moon
Only three of the aircraft returned to be recovered, but the crews of the other three ditched safely and were recovered by a British submarine and the Dutch trawler Marta van Hattem. From 9 May to 18 July 1915, the ship was modified by Cunard at Liverpool	Liverpool	PROPN	with	ADP	 with
Finally, in March 1919, the 39th Battalion was disbanded. At this point, the battalion's remaining personnel were amalgamated with other units to form the 10th Demobilisation Regiment, with the last of its soldiers returning to Australia in May. During the course of the	the	DET	war	NOUN	 war
Angels scout Dan Radcliff and director of scouting Eddie Bane convinced Adenhart to forego a scholarship offer from the University of North Carolina and signed him to a $710,000 bonus ($820,000 in 2010) on July 26, 2004. After having Dr. James Andrews perform the	the	DET	Tommy	PROPN	 Tommy
Their gossip then digresses to her youthful affairs and sexual encounters, before returning to the publication of HCE's guilt in the morning newspaper, and his wife's revenge on his enemies: borrowing a " mailsack " from her son Shaun the Post, she delivers presents	presents	VERB	to	ADP	 to
In 2006, as part of the 200th anniversary of the park, the boulder was moved 60 yards (55 m) to the corner of State and Willett. Soldiers and Sailors ' Monument is a marble monument sitting on a granite base with a bronze statue representing	representing	VERB	the	DET	 the
During re writes of the script by Fontana, various elements introduced by Michaelian were changed, including the ending. Guest stars included Michael Pataki, who had appeared in the Star Trek: The Original Series episode " The Trouble with Tribbles ". Reviews were mixed,	,	PUNCT	with	ADP	 with
There are Stagecoach bus services running to Westgate on Sea, Margate, Broadstairs, Canterbury and Herne Bay. The A28 road runs between Hastings and Margate via Ashford, Canterbury, Birchington and Westgate on Sea. 3 miles (5 km) southwest of Birchington on Sea	Sea	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
Many reviewers considered the technical enhancements, such as the increased frame rate, a welcome advancement from the original game. Turi of Game Informer felt that the frame rate " dramatically elevate [s] " the game above the original. Jim Sterling of The Escapist complimented	complimented	VERB	the	DET	 the
The current record attendance is 74,576, recorded at Wales ' 30 – 15 victory over Scotland in the 2008 Six Nations Championship on 9 February 2008. The natural grass turf was made up of a modular system installed by GreenTech ITM. It features built in irrigation and	and	CCONJ	drainage	NOUN	 drainage
The trunkline begins northeast of Detroit at a junction with Interstate 94 (I 94) near New Haven and runs northward to a junction with M 142 just east of Bad Axe in The Thumb region of the Lower Peninsula. The highway runs through mostly rural and agricultural	agricultural	ADJ	areas	NOUN	 areas
When we find it on the pommel of a warrior's sword and on his sword belt, the assumption is that the warrior was placing himself under the Thunder God's protection. Swastikas appear on various Germanic objects stretching from the Migration Period to the Viking Age,	,	PUNCT	such	ADJ	 such
As a result of this discovery, the House of Lords chose to reconvene as a 7 judge panel, consisting of Lord Mackay, Lord Keith, Lord Bridge, Lord Griffiths, Lord Ackner, Lord Oliver and Lord Browne Wilkinson. The court reconvened and issued its	its	PRON	judgment	NOUN	 judgment
Paul Bloomfield, writing for The Times, expressed a similar view: " [the] cathedral, though diminutive by European standards, is immensely important. " Herbert Lottman wrote in a 1976 New York Times article: " Like all ancient Armenian churches, the cathedral	cathedral	NOUN	is	AUX	 is
This created the inverted gull, or " cranked ", wing pattern along the Ju 87's leading edge. The shape of the wing improved the pilot's ground visibility and also allowed a shorter undercarriage height. The center section protruded by only 3 m (9	9	NUM	ft	PROPN	 ft
According to media reports, between 2009 and 2012 the Consumer Council in Hong Kong received nearly 800 complaints about agencies. Many complaints concerned workers who did not match the descriptions provided, to the extent that it was suspected that the agencies deliberately misrepresented the workers ' experience	experience	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
York City had identified a preferred site for a new stadium by April 2007, but were unable to disclose the location due to confidentiality clauses. Despite the club failing to formally identify a site by the end of 2007, financial penalties were not incurred, as the	the	DET	FSIF	PROPN	 FSIF
He preferred to negotiate at first, but his offers were rebuffed by Michael VII. Bryennios then sent his brother John to lay siege to Constantinople. Unable to overcome its fortifications, the rebel forces soon retired. This failure led the capital's nobility to turn to	to	ADP	Botaneiates	PROPN	 Botaneiates
The parliament of the republic declared the sovereignty of Belarus on 27 July 1990, and during the dissolution of the Soviet Union, Belarus declared independence on 25 August 1991. Alexander Lukashenko has served as the country's president since 1994. Lukashenko continued a number of Soviet	Soviet	ADJ	era	NOUN	 era
Formation Catecholamines are produced in chromaffin cells in the medulla of the adrenal gland, from tyrosine, a non essential amino acid derived from food or produced from phenylalanine in the liver. The enzyme tyrosine hydroxylase converts tyrosine to L DOPA in the first step of catecholamine synthesis	synthesis	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
Many grindcore groups experiment with down tuned guitars. While the vinyl A side of Napalm Death's debut, 1987's Scum, is set to standard tuning, on side B, the guitars are tuned down 2 ½ steps. Their second album From Enslavement to Obliteration	Obliteration	PROPN	and	CCONJ	 and
Deeply affected by the visit, Roosevelt proposed a resettlement community for the miners at Arthurdale, where they could make a living by subsistence farming, handicrafts, and a local manufacturing plant. She hoped the project could become a model for " a new kind of community	community	NOUN	"	PUNCT	 "
The older faction referred to Mondale and Harris as " boy scouts ". At the Indiana primary, Humphrey began the strategy of using " favorite son " candidates as surrogates for his campaign, and to weaken his opponents. Governor Roger Branigin stood in for Humphrey in	in	ADP	Indiana	PROPN	 Indiana
The aquaculture potential for sand whiting was first investigated in the late 1980s, with a number of reports detailing both successful trials and also a number of problems with such trials. A 1988 study showed that sand whiting were more likely to grow in captivity than other whiting	whiting	NOUN	species	NOUN	 species
Mark Hamill, Anthony Daniels, and Billy Dee Williams reprised their roles as Luke Skywalker, C 3PO, and Lando Calrissian, respectively, except in Return of the Jedi in which Luke was played by Joshua Fardon and Lando by Arye Gross. The series also used	used	VERB	John	PROPN	 John
Ramprasad became well known for his devotional songs, eventually becoming the court poet of Raja Krishnachandra of Nadia. His life has been the subject of many stories depicting his devotion to, and relationship with, Kali. Ramprasad's literary works include Vidyasundar, Kali kirtana,	,	PUNCT	Krishna	PROPN	 Krishna
The Spanish Duke of Nájera wrote of a visit in 1544 in which he saw " a very pleasant garden with great walks and avenues in all directions, containing many sculptures of men and women, children and birds and monsters, and other strange figures in low and	and	CCONJ	high	ADJ	 high
At the Seeker stronghold, Gash explains that the Tower will destroy humanity if it is not deactivated. He believes Edge's dragon is the prophesied Divine Visitor who will be humanity's salvation. Edge and the dragon battle rampaging monsters and destroy the infested Grig Orig.	.	PUNCT	Edge	NOUN	 Edge
This usage was most likely the origin of the ponies that have made Chincoteague and Assateague Islands famous, though there are legends that the ponies ' ancestors survived a shipwreck of a Spanish vessel. One such ship did run aground on Assateague Island in 1750, but according	according	VERB	to	ADP	 to
The solid shot of the 20 caliber gun weighed approximately 300 pounds (136 kg), while the gun itself weighed 14,908 pounds (6,762 kg). The gun had a muzzle velocity of 1,276 ft / s (389 m / s) and was credited with	with	ADP	the	DET	 the
In 1816, with the war at an end, Strong elected once again to retire from politics. Strong died in Northampton on November 7, 1819, and was buried in its Bridge Street Cemetery. In 1777 Strong married Sarah Hooker, the daughter of a local	local	ADJ	pastor	NOUN	 pastor
His lyrics, while simple, were similarly uplifting and universal: What I feel, I can't say But my love is there for you any time of day But if it's not love that you need Then I'll try my best to make everything succeed	succeed	VERB	.	PUNCT	.
A spokesman for Buckingham Palace told a newspaper, " No prime minister before has ever done this and we can only hope that it will never happen again. " The Sunday Express claimed, quoting " renowned Royal biographer Hugo Vickers " and other " Royal insiders "	"	PUNCT	,	PUNCT	,
The game, however, was an anti climax for those who were hooked by the touted and promised initial concepts, many of which were never realized. Freelancer was a " hugely ambitious game ", as admitted by Chris Roberts, for a company to develop without	without	ADP	the	DET	 the
This contained gardens and a chapel. Further gardens lay to the south, where the outline of a fish pond can be seen. The four storey tower forms the keep of the castle, although it originally stood alone. It measures 15.8 metres (52 ft)	)	PUNCT	by	ADP	 by
He informed the press: " While I am in the barrel I shall be occupied in preparing my case ". Although the barrel act remained his staple performance, he introduced variations over the years: freezing in a refrigerated chamber, or being roasted in a glass	glass	NOUN	fronted	VERB	 fronted
The next song, Eddy Arnold's 1962 hit " After Loving You ", is arranged in a 12 / 8 tempo rhythm and blues style. This is followed by Dallas Frazier's " True Love Travels on a Gravel Road " and Chuck Jackson's 1962 hit	hit	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
Besides her success in the United Kingdom, Heyer's novels were very popular in the United States and Germany and achieved respectable sales in Czechoslovakia. A first printing of one of her novels in the Commonwealth often consisted of 65,000 – 75,000 copies, and her novels collectively	collectively	ADV	sold	VERB	 sold
High density alloys of tungsten with nickel, copper or iron are used in high quality darts (to allow for a smaller diameter and thus tighter groupings) or for fishing lures (tungsten beads allow the fly to sink rapidly). Some cello C strings are wound	wound	VERB	with	ADP	 with
The access of air to internal spaces within a plant is controlled by stomata, which are able to open and close. The need for a continuous supply of CO2 during photosynthesis means the stomata must be open, so water vapor is continuously being lost. Plants using	using	VERB	the	DET	 the
Debuting on 14 February 2007 in the United Kingdom and 20 April in the United States, Hot Fuzz received critical and commercial success. Shortly after the film's release, two different soundtracks were released in the UK and US. The film is the second in Wright	Wright	PROPN	and	CCONJ	 and
Some of the journeys I had actually undertaken are not described at all; on the other hand it contains passages that do not correspond with the facts. After this, he withdrew entirely from public life, although he retained his position in the colonial archive. He	He	PRON	lived	VERB	 lived
As a mark of the improving image of the town as place to live, the borough entered the top 50 best places to live in the 2011 Halifax survey at number 47. Further work to improve the image of the town continues with the latest Central Basingstoke Vision	Vision	PROPN	project	NOUN	 project
Annie Leibovitz photographed the cover, the magazine's first to feature an openly transgender woman, which was captioned " Call me Caitlyn ". Using her Twitter handle, @ Caitlyn _ Jenner, she tweeted: " I'm so happy after such a long struggle to	to	PART	be	AUX	 be
It competes with the Microsoft Xbox 360 and the Nintendo Wii. The PS3 is the first console in the series to introduce the use of motion sensing technology through its Sixaxis wireless controller. The console also incorporates a Blu ray Disc player and features high definition resolution.	.	PUNCT	The	DET	 The
He cited verses from two works composed by Tulsidas which, in his opinion, are relevant to the dispute. The first citation consisted of eight verses from a work called Dohā Śataka, which describe the destruction of a temple and construction of a mosque at the disputed	disputed	VERB	site	NOUN	 site
Klaus decodes a note left by Josephine and discovers that she is in Curdled Cave. During the hurricane, the children discover in a secret room that there were people investigating fires. The children escape the house before it falls in to the lake. The children sail	sail	VERB	on	ADP	 on
It guarded the road between the legionary fortresses of Deva Victrix (Chester) and Eboracum (York) running east to west, as well as the road between Manchester and Bremetennacum (Ribchester) to the north. In addition, Mamucium may also have overlooked a lesser	lesser	ADJ	road	NOUN	 road
In turn, Nobuo Uematsu has had a major influence on video game music and beyond the video games industry as well. For example, " Liberi Fatali " from Final Fantasy VIII was played during the 2004 Summer Olympics in Athens during the women's synchronized swimming event	event	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
Then, journalist David Wolman, in a Wired magazine piece, described as " moronic " the assumption that the web " hurts us more than it helps ", a statement that was preceded by an overview of the many technologies that had been historically denounced; Wolman	Wolman	PROPN	concluded	VERB	 concluded
The hydrologic unit also covers the watersheds of Aliso Creek, Salt Creek, Prima Deshecha Cañada, Segunda Deshecha Cañada, and San Mateo Creek, in order from north to south. Elevation above sea level ranges from 0 to 5,700 feet (0 to 1,737 m)	)	PUNCT	,	PUNCT	,
The filter room at Stanmore recognised the formation as hostile. The WAAF detailed group and sector commands throughout the south that 40 plus enemy aircraft were entering Kentish airspace. By 11: 04, Lindmayr's Dorniers had reached Calais. Wing Commander Lord Willoughby de Broke,	,	PUNCT	Park	PROPN	 Park
I think perhaps the drink helped me to be a bit freer. " The painting was executed in a ground floor flat at 7 Cromwell Place, South Kensington in London. A large back room in the building had been converted into a billiard room by its previous	previous	ADJ	occupant	NOUN	 occupant
Historian Peter Pugh has stated that a key cause of the economic problems afflicting America in the 1970s was the refusal to raise taxes to finance the Vietnam War, which was against Keynesian advice. A more typical response was to accept some elements of the criticisms while refining	refining	VERB	Keynesian	ADJ	 Keynesian
Weeks later, he recalled: I had such nerves the first few days. I didn't even have an approach. It was just see the ball, hit the ball. Only now am I settling in, getting the chance to think about how a pitcher	pitcher	NOUN	is	AUX	 is
Vanity Fair's Brett Berk and the Houston Chronicle's Bobby Hankinson felt the episode was haphazard and uneven, while IGN's Eric Goldman observed that " Hell O " reset the events of the preceding episode " Sectionals ", and in doing so felt rushed. David	David	PROPN	Hinckley	PROPN	 Hinckley
The album's only single, " Wandering Eye ", spent more than four months on the top 40 selling singles chart. Like Live at the Matterhorn, the album was given no formal promotion or marketing; its popularity largely due to the band's reputation in	in	ADP	New	PROPN	 New
The episode is a loose parody of Pulp Fiction, which gave the staff the idea of a possible spin off from The Simpsons. The title is a reference to the film Thirty Two Short Films About Glenn Gould. The episode is a series of short skits,	,	PUNCT	each	PRON	 each
To keep the WWF from having a pay per view market monopoly, Turner began airing monthly WCW pay per views. As a result, both companies brought in hundreds of millions of dollars of revenue. SummerSlam became one of World Wrestling Federation's most successful events and	and	CCONJ	one	NUM	 one
On 24 August 2006, Chen was sentenced to four years and three months for " damaging property and organising a mob to disturb traffic. " He was released from prison in 2010 after serving his full sentence, but remained under house arrest or " soft detention "	"	PUNCT	at	ADP	 at
In August 1875 he joined another traveling tonic show run by the Wizard Oil Company. Riley began sending correspondence to the famous American poet Henry Wadsworth Longfellow during late 1875 seeking his endorsement to help him start a career as a poet. He submitted many poems to Longfellow	Longfellow	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
He was a member of numerous international and national otolaryngology organisations, and presided over the Fourth International Congress of Otolaryngology in London in 1949. In this period of his career following the Second World War he also worked on the anatomy of the paranasal sinuses, and played	played	VERB	a	DET	 a
The song started climbing up again and ultimately reached a peak of number 55 on the chart issue dated September 2, 2007. " Hey You " was present on the chart for a total of seven weeks. It debuted on the Swedish Singles Chart at number 58	58	NUM	and	CCONJ	 and
The story focuses on the activities of the three species in a part of the Milky Way known as the Koprulu Sector. Millennia before any of the events of the games, a species known as the Xel ' Naga genetically engineered the Protoss and later the Zerg in	in	ADP	attempts	NOUN	 attempts
He had some of them photographed, but when his brother remarked that they lacked liveliness and freshness, he destroyed them and turned to oil painting. Van Gogh turned to renowned Hague School artists like Weissenbruch and Blommers, and received technical support from them, as well	well	ADV	as	ADP	 as
While playing midget level hockey Vanbiesbrouck joined the Little Caesars hockey club, a travel ice hockey team in Detroit. During a tournament in Toronto, Vanbiesbrouck lost his jersey and was forced to wear a teammate's uniform. He played well in the tournament with junior scouts	scouts	NOUN	in	ADP	 in
Heisler said Tom had the best lines of the episode. Kona Gallagher of TV Squad said she was saddened by the decline in Mark and Ann's relationship and the setback for the April and Andy courtship, and feared the subplot might not reach a satisfactory conclusion by	by	ADP	the	DET	 the
A permanent shrine honoring him sits under the home stands at Northwestern State's Turpin Stadium and his number 44 jersey hangs in the football offices. In Virginia, the Delaney Athletic Conference took its name to honor his memory in the fall of 1983, and today 13	13	NUM	Virginia	PROPN	 Virginia
On February 8, 1821 he wrote that the work had been completed, and that the only outstanding task was a final review by a competent person, who had already been assigned to the task. In 1822 the revised manuscript was sent to Malta to be printed	printed	VERB	,	PUNCT	,
As the songs audio begins to play, band members of Maroon 5 start to play their instruments as Rihanna sits and watches them. The table and band scenes are intercut with each other for the first verse and chorus. For the second verse, Levine and Rihanna	Rihanna	PROPN	appear	VERB	 appear
He was buried there at the Dorotheenstädtischen Friedhof. System of Theoretical and Practical Chemistry, London 1803 Vol 1, Vol 2 Second edition 1807; Reprint Philadelphia 1808 Vol 1 Vol 2, Second edition 1814 Vol 1 Vol 2 A Practical Essay on the Analysis of Minerals	Minerals	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
By his own admission, he was addicted to extravagant make up, and unlike Richardson and Gielgud, he excelled at different voices and accents. His own description of his technique was " working from the outside in "; he said, " I can never act	act	VERB	as	ADP	 as
Many of the 372nd Battalion had disappeared, while the Blackshirts mounted the first of a number of attacks on the British positions. Without the support of any heavy weapons, they were easily fought off. Also at dawn the first attack by the Fallschirmjäger Machine Gun Battalion	Battalion	PROPN	to	ADP	 to
He has also painted self portraits and portraits of world leaders, including Vladimir Putin and Tony Blair. His paintings have been met with a middling reception from art critics. Bill Arning, director of the Contemporary Arts Museum Houston, called his portraits " thickly painted in	in	ADP	what	PRON	 what
In his own words, he is " not a classically trained pianist at all "; he practiced with others, initially playing rock, progressive rock, and jazz fusion, before becoming more interested in jazz. He borrowed from the library Segments II (Orchestra Of	Of	ADP	Two	PROPN	 Two
Vainio's work continues to have major relevance in Finnish popular music, an example of which being two Vainio cover albums by Vesa Matti Loiri in 2003 and 2004. All of the songs that Vainio recorded were published in 2008 in a CD boxed set Legendan laulut –	–	PUNCT	Kaikki	PROPN	 Kaikki
Also, we have set the price where it is because this title was developed specifically for the mobile platform, as opposed to just being a port of an older console or handheld game. " When developing the smartphone version, Takashi Tokita changed the structure of selling	selling	VERB	a	DET	 a
The highway heads easterly for the first 0.4 mi (0.64 km) before it turns northeasterly, crossing the Little Bear River and intersects US 89 / US 91 at a traffic light controlled at grade interchange. After the interchange, SR 101 turns to the southeast after	after	ADP	entering	VERB	 entering
Meanwhile, a shocking development had occurred overnight. Bernadotte had unilaterally ordered his troops out of the key and central village of Aderklaa, citing heavy artillery shelling, an act that seriously compromised the entire French position. Napoleon was livid and sent two divisions of Massena's	's	PART	corps	NOUN	 corps
For the French, despite their success earlier at Frauenfeld, the action was considerably less successful. In the clash, Ney was sufficiently wounded that he took immediate leave, and remained out of action and command until 22 July. The conduct of the battle also demonstrated	demonstrated	VERB	the	DET	 the
This swing bridge, which included a 4 foot (1.2 meter) pedestrian walkway and cost $165,900, opened with a dedication ceremony on May 28, 1940, but collapsed on February 10, 1948, succumbing to a combination of a very high tide combined with	with	ADP	an	DET	 an
" The multitudinous allusions to well known and lesser known books, movies and sayings cause contradicting receptions. While Heinz Gerstinger and Ingrid Reichel explicitly highlight the comical effect of the insinuations, the German critic Steffen Roye regards them as sometimes " exaggerated " and says, "	"	PUNCT	As	SCONJ	 As
Sarnia's fresh cut fries are another popular tourist attraction, and thousands of visitors annually visit the chip trucks parked under the Blue Water Bridge. Niagara based cookbook author and food e magazine publisher Lynn Ogryzlo visited the chip trucks in August 2012 and stated " I was	was	AUX	blown	VERB	 blown
The Presiding Officer can reduce speaking time if a large number of members wish to participate in the debate. Debate is more informal than in some parliamentary systems. Members may call each other directly by name, rather than by constituency or cabinet position, and hand clapping	clapping	NOUN	is	AUX	 is
Although Dewar would later become a supporter of the Labour Party, after Churchill was passed over for a cabinet position in 1931 Dewar wrote to him on 16 November, " I am very sorry to see that you are not in the new Cabinet. I had hoped	hoped	VERB	you	PRON	 you
" Pinker attacks what he calls " Whorf's radical position ", declaring, " the more you examine Whorf's arguments, the less sense they make. " Scholars of a more " relativist " bent such as John A. Lucy and Stephen C. Levinson have criticized	criticized	VERB	Pinker	PROPN	 Pinker
Services had decreased to ten per day each direction by 2005, but have since increased to twenty four trains per day. Clifton Down railway station is on the Severn Beach Line, serving the district of Clifton in Bristol. The station is located on the busy shopping	shopping	NOUN	street	PROPN	 street
As far as the ground water necessary for the conversion could penetrate, the pyrite carbonate was converted to a usable brown hematite iron ore along the outcrops and near the bedrock surface. The Marcellus iron ore was actively mined in south Central Pennsylvania from its discovery in the	the	DET	late	ADJ	 late
Documentation for decrease of the maximum length with age can not be found in the literature. Some individuals can reach excessive lengths. Lengths greater than 150 cm (59 in) are frequently observed in long hair contests. Xie Qiuping had the longest documented hair in the	the	DET	world	NOUN	 world
It was broadcast on BBC One on 19 April 2008. It features the return of the Ood, who appeared in the second series episodes " The Impossible Planet " and " The Satan Pit ". The episode takes place in the year 4126 on the Ood Sphere	Sphere	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
The recording features a trio of flute players, led by Scott; Billy Preston on electric piano; and Robben Ford doubling Harrison's capo ed acoustic guitar part, much like Pete Ham had done three years before on " Here Comes the Sun " at the Concert	Concert	PROPN	for	ADP	 for
On television in 2012 Hiddleston appeared in the BBC Two series The Hollow Crown, portraying Prince Hal opposite Jeremy Irons as Henry IV in the adaptation of Shakespeare's Henry IV, Part I and Part II. He later as appeared as King Henry V in the television	television	NOUN	film	NOUN	 film
The deeper self now shapes the deceitful flexibility of the surrounding world in such a way that it is no longer attractive to the first self. Then the first self either must proceed to kill the deeper self, to render it forgotten, whereby the whole matter is	is	AUX	given	VERB	 given
Soon after Lincoln's second inauguration in March 1865, the two secretaries were appointed to the US delegation in Paris, Nicolay as consul and Hay as secretary of legation. Hay wrote to his brother Charles that the appointment was " entirely unsolicited and unexpected ", a	a	DET	statement	NOUN	 statement
Though the two corps had started the battle at least 11,000 men strong, only 600 of them escaped Nanking. Near dawn on December 13 a portion of China's 74th Corps was also annihilated in a bid to break through Japanese lines along the Yangtze River south of	of	ADP	Nanking	NOUN	 Nanking
The freeway begins at the Peace Bridge in Fort Erie and travels 139.1 kilometres (86.4 mi) around the western shore of Lake Ontario, ending at Highway 427. The physical highway, however, continues as the Gardiner Expressway into downtown Toronto. The QEW is one	one	NUM	of	ADP	 of
Arkansas also opened various shelters and state parks throughout the state for evacuees. Expected to last only two days, the evacuation of remaining evacuees proved more difficult than rescue organizations anticipated as transportation convoys struggled with damaged infrastructure and a growing number of evacuees. By the morning	morning	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
Upon his initiative, Louis restored Ivan Stratsimir in Vidin. Ivan Stratsimir swore loyalty to Louis and sent his two daughters as hostages to Hungary. From the late 1360s, Louis suffered from a skin disease with symptoms similar to leprosy. Thereafter he became even more zealous	zealous	ADJ	and	CCONJ	 and
Higgins started writing music for her third album in 2009. After about seven years of touring and recording she took a break from the music industry to pursue other interests. In 2010 she enrolled in a course in indigenous studies at the University of Melbourne. Her acting	acting	VERB	debut	NOUN	 debut
Occupied by the Jutes, it became known in Old English as Cantwareburh (" Kentish Stronghold "), which developed into its present name. The Canterbury area has been inhabited since prehistoric times. Lower Paleolithic axes, and Neolithic and Bronze Age pots have been found	found	VERB	in	ADP	 in
Conquistadores often went without metal armour, or only donned it immediately prior to battle. They were quick to adopt quilted cotton armour based upon that used by their native opponents, and commonly combined this with the use of a simple metal war hat. Shields were considered	considered	VERB	essential	ADJ	 essential
He calculated, based on the fact that four comets possessed aphelia at around 100 AU and a further six with aphelia clustered at around 300 AU, the orbital elements of a pair of hypothetical trans Neptunian planets. These elements concorded suggestively with those made independently by another	another	DET	astronomer	NOUN	 astronomer
Slave quarters – two preserved stone buildings adjacent to the Farm House, now provided with interpretive exhibits on slave life at Hampton. Displayed is a newspaper advertisement by Charles Carnan Ridgely offering a reward for the return of a runaway slave, as well as a Christmas gift	gift	NOUN	list	NOUN	 list
" I Miss You " begins with Beyoncé performing while seated, only to later be brought to her feet while altering the song's ending with additional vocals and instrumentation. " Best Thing I Never Had " follows afterwards, with a slight alteration in its melody.	.	PUNCT	Beyoncé	PROPN	 Beyoncé
In the third quarter of 2012, more than 18 million S III units were shipped, making it the most popular smartphone at the time, ahead of the iPhone 4S's 16.2 million units. Analysts deduced that the slump in iPhone sales was due to customers '	'	PART	anticipation	NOUN	 anticipation
The remaining eight tests are completed on the computer and results are submitted electronically to USAD for scoring. Because only the seven multiple choice tests and essay are used, team scores are out of 48,000 points instead of 60,000. Although it is only a virtual competition,	,	PUNCT	winning	VERB	 winning
Today, this bone tissue is only formed in female birds that are laying eggs, as it is used to supply calcium to shells. Its presence in the Allosaurus individual has been used to establish sex and show it had reached reproductive age. However, other studies	studies	NOUN	have	AUX	 have
M. diminutiva, found in hardwood forests of eastern North America, has a smaller fruit body than M. rufobrunnea, up to 9.4 cm (3.7 in) tall and up to 2.7 cm (1.1 in) wide at its widest point. Morchella sceptriformis (= Morchella virginiana	virginiana	NOUN	)	PUNCT	)
Cross Fever Mode allows four players to simultaneously compete in a two on two match. In place of Cross Fever, the PlayStation version features an exclusive mode called Cross Over. Cross Over is the only mode in the PlayStation port that permits tag team gameplay, which	which	PRON	was	AUX	 was
The government also indirectly began to address the problem of the recalcitrant military by revitalizing the moribund National Guard, by then an entity which existed mostly only on paper. The measures taken by the government alarmed civilian republicans and the positivists in the military. The republicans saw	saw	VERB	that	SCONJ	 that
And I think that you're right, too, about the fact that I was heavily under the influence of Tolkien when I wrote Sword of Shannara and it shows in that particular book. But I've really gotten a long way away from Tolkien these days and	and	CCONJ	not	PART	 not
Mezhyhirya was chosen as the site of the new government residence. The decision of the Politburo in April 1935 ordered the demolition of the whole complex. Before the scheduled demolition in 1936, the architecture and buildings of the monastic complex were photographed. During the demolition,	,	PUNCT	an	DET	 an
Dyer stopped using his false name after the war. He attended Russell Military Institute and Hopkins Grammar School in New Haven, Connecticut, reclaiming the education he left to become a soldier. From the age of 18, he became a commercial traveller – an occupation he	he	PRON	maintained	VERB	 maintained
As part of the legal settlement with Orr, Eagleson agreed to purchase various of Orr's assets for US $620,000 (US $1,780,622 in 2016 dollars), including his Orr – Walton Hockey Camp, which paid off US $450,000 (US $1,292,387 in	in	ADP	2016	NUM	 2016
The model required 14 operators to control all of the moving parts. The film had a troubled shoot and went far over budget. David Brown said that the budget " was $4 million and the picture wound up costing $9 million "; the effects outlays	outlays	NOUN	alone	ADV	 alone
Korvettenkapitän (KK – Corvette Captain) Hirschberg, Schwalbe's captain, commanded the operation. Schwalbe returned to Bagamoyo on 8 May to launch another attack; further engagements took place at Saadani on 6 June and at Pangani on 8 July. Schwalbe and her crew were	were	AUX	given	VERB	 given
At the time Darwin was an important base for Allied warships and a staging point for shipping supplies and reinforcements into the NEI. The Japanese attack was successful, and resulted in the deaths of at least 243 military personnel and civilians, most of whom were non Australian	Australian	ADJ	Allied	PROPN	 Allied
His mother Johanna, a former KappAhl CIO, was named the 2010 CIO of the Year in Sweden. His father, Ulf, is also a Chief Executive of a company. During his early schooling life, he was interested in art, and has noted that	that	SCONJ	he	PRON	 he
This led fans to speculate that this was the cause of the two characters ' deaths in the episode " Two for the Road ". The producers denied this claim, and Rodriguez confirmed the producers ' comments and denied the relation between their arrests and their characters '	'	PART	deaths	NOUN	 deaths
She is a member of the wealthy Arima family, and thus her father opposes her relationship with Sota. Teruyuki Kagawa as Masamitsu Arima, Sayo's father. He is a rich merchant in the village, and Sota's grandfather works for him. He strongly opposes	opposes	VERB	the	DET	 the
When it became clear, after six ballots, that Blaine could not prevail, the convention nominated Ohio Governor Rutherford B. Hayes. Although Garfield had supported Blaine, he had kept good relations with Hayes, and wholeheartedly supported the governor. Garfield had hoped to retire from	from	ADP	politics	NOUN	 politics
That year he placed second in the long jump (21 feet 0.25 inches (6.41 m)); third in the triple jump (42 feet 11.5 inches (13.09 m)) and participated on medal winning 4 × 100 metres relay and 4 × 200 metres	metres	NOUN	relay	NOUN	 relay
Unlike some of his contemporaries who expected a short conflict, Kitchener foresaw a much longer war requiring hundreds of thousands of enlistees. According to Gary S. Messinger, Kitchener reacted well to Field's advertisement although insisting " that the ads should all end with ' God Save	Save	VERB	the	DET	 the
The authors postulated that Spinosaurus switched between terrestrial and aquatic habitats to compete for food with large crocodilians and other large theropods respectively. Although traditionally depicted as a biped, it has been suggested since the mid 1970s that Spinosaurus was at least an occasional quadruped. This has	has	AUX	been	AUX	 been
In 1822, Bourbon County circuit court judge James Clark ruled in the case of Williams v. Blair that the replevin law violated the state and federal constitutions. This ruling was so unpopular with the Relief Party that they attempted to remove him from office, but the 59	59	NUM	–	PUNCT	 –
At Nagasaki, the fires failed to merge into a single firestorm, and the fire damaged area was only one fourth as great as at Hiroshima, due in part to a southwest wind that pushed the fires away from the city. As the map shows, the	the	DET	Hiroshima	PROPN	 Hiroshima
The debate over allowing fighting in ice hockey games is ongoing. Despite its potentially negative consequences, such as heavier enforcers (or " heavyweights ") knocking each other out, administrators at the professional level are not considering eliminating fighting from the game, as some players	players	NOUN	consider	VERB	 consider
We've not seen any significant [change] in holding officials accountable. " A June 22 editorial in The Australian argued against the one child policy, stating that Feng's case " one small example of the terrible costs of China's longstanding population control regime.	.	PUNCT	"	PUNCT	 "
In 1965, Gittings marched in the first gay picket lines at the White House, the US State Department, and at Independence Hall in Philadelphia to protest the federal government's policy on discrimination of homosexuals, holding a sign that read " Sexual preference is irrelevant to	to	ADP	federal	ADJ	 federal
To avoid difficulties with the new government in what he termed its " spirit of intolerant prejudice ", Kingsley sent his wives, children, and a few slaves to Haiti, by that time free black republic. His two daughters had already each married white planters and	and	CCONJ	remained	VERB	 remained
Rivers Cuomo, lead singer and guitarist for Weezer, wrote the song in reaction to a meeting with Geffen executives, who told the band members that they needed to record more commercial material. Cuomo remarked, " I came out of it pretty angry. But ironically	ironically	ADV	,	PUNCT	,
He pressed Wyatt for details about his time in Tombstone to add to his book Helldorado: Bringing Law to the Mesquite. Breakenridge was assisted by Western novelist William MacLeod Raine, who since 1904 had published more than 25 novels about Western history. The book was published	published	VERB	in	ADP	 in
On awakening in her bed, he agrees to an affair, but eventually abandons her, and she commits suicide. Impatient at Ta's inability to find a wife, Wang arranges for a picture bride for his son. However, before the picture bride arrives,	,	PUNCT	Ta	PROPN	 Ta
In addition, many clubs along the border play in Victorian leagues such as the Ovens & Murray Football League, Murray Football League, Picola & District Football League and the Golden Rivers Football League. In the northern part of the Riverina, Rugby League and Rugby Union	Union	PROPN	are	AUX	 are
That's so disturbing, ' or ' That's so sad. ' I guess that's what art's all about. It's supposed to make you think. " Stefani's appearance on the album cover is inspired by that of Elvira Hancock, a cocaine	cocaine	NOUN	addict	NOUN	 addict
Lynch disliked the course and considered dropping out, but he changed his mind after he was offered the chance to produce a script of his own devising. He was given permission to use the school's full campus for film sets; he converted the school's disused	disused	VERB	stables	NOUN	 stables
They were replaced by newcomer Joshua Fardon as Luke Skywalker and character actor Arye Gross as Lando Calrissian. John Lithgow voiced Yoda, whose voice actor in the films has always been Frank Oz. Bernard Behrens returned as Obi Wan Kenobi and Brock Peters reprised his role as	as	ADP	Darth	PROPN	 Darth
In 1845, historian Henry Howe traveled through Romney and described the town as " one of considerable business, and has a branch of the Bank of the Valley, several stores, and about 350 inhabitants. " The bank branch continued to operate from the Wirgman Building	Building	PROPN	until	SCONJ	 until
Hassett returned to his normal form away from the sticky wicket, scoring 127 and 28 not out against Queensland between Tests. It was his third century in as many matches for Victoria. In the Second Test at Melbourne, " Australia owed much to the imperturbable Hassett	Hassett	PROPN	"	PUNCT	 "
In August 2008, Hunt was named in the preliminary 46 man squad for Australia in the 2008 Rugby League World Cup. However he did not make the final 24 man squad because of 2008 grand final fullbacks Billy Slater and Brett Stewart who were selected ahead of Hunt	Hunt	PROPN	.	PUNCT	.
When Bismarck left port, fleet staff, prize crews, and war correspondents increased the crew complement to over 2,200 men. Roughly 200 of the engine room personnel came from the light cruiser Karlsruhe, which had been lost during Operation Weserübung, the German invasion of Norway	Norway	PROPN	.	PUNCT	.
The next Standard History was the Book of Han, compiled by Ban Biao (3 – 54 CE), his son Ban Gu (32 – 92 CE), and his daughter Ban Zhao (45 – 116 CE). Unlike Sima's private and independent	independent	ADJ	work	NOUN	 work
" PopSugar ranked Monica and Ross fifth on the website's list of " The 9 Best Sibling Relationships From ' 90s TV " Immediately established as one of the show's primary settings, Monica's large Greenwich Village apartment has since become one of the most famous and	and	CCONJ	iconic	ADJ	 iconic
This shield is also found in ankylosaurs like Polacanthus and Antarctopelta. Large, pointed spines lined the sides of the neck, increasing in size towards the shoulders, and then decreasing in size again along the side of the body until they stopped just before the hips.	.	PUNCT	Behind	ADP	 Behind
Goalkeepers Harry Heyes and Robert Bruce both moved on in the close season, so Stockport County custodian Joseph Birds was signed as a replacement in June 1922. In an attempt to improve the attacking prowess at the club, Wilson signed experienced inside forward Arthur Wolstenholme on a	a	DET	free	ADJ	 free
Meanwhile he grew wealthy from cotton production, for which his supporters provided labor, and influential among the intelligentsia. The British administration distrusted him. When Governor General Sir Geoffrey Archer paid a formal and friendly visit to Abd al Rahman in March 1926, Archer was dismissed	dismissed	VERB	and	CCONJ	 and
Stainforth lock, which connected the canal to the River Don, was closed in 1939. The winter of 1947 was particularly severe, and the Stainforth and Keadby was closed for a period due to ice. After the Second World War, the canals of the Sheffield	Sheffield	PROPN	and	CCONJ	 and
As of December 26, 2013, it's been discovered that a sample of Janet Jackson's song from her 1989 Rhythm Nation 1814 album " The Knowledge " was used in the production of the song. Two weeks before the official release of " Scream ",	,	PUNCT	Jackson	PROPN	 Jackson
The Outer Banks experienced extensive evacuations; at least 300,000 left, bringing traffic on highways from there to the mainland to a standstill. Active duty armed forces were set to support hurricane recovery missions, and four Defense Coordinating officers were notified. Defense Department emergency centers were	were	AUX	opened	VERB	 opened
". The correct answer is " He is alive and well and rules the world! ", causing the mermaid to vanish and the sea to calm. Any other answer would cause the mermaid to turn into a raging Gorgon who would drag the ship to the	the	DET	bottom	NOUN	 bottom
Over the years, it has retained a following through television and home video. The film in total grossed $57,229,890 domestically and $58,000,000 in foreign box offices for a total of $115,229,890. By genre, it is the ninth highest grossing musical and the tenth	tenth	ADV	highest	ADJ	 highest
The season marked the second year that all regular season and Big Ten Conference Men's Basketball Tournament games were nationally televised. It was the first season that eight member teams achieved 20 wins. During the season, the conference achieved a.781 winning percentage against non conference opponents	opponents	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
The ships ' main battery turrets were protected with 105 mm (4.1 in) thick faces and 70 mm thick sides. Their roofs were also 70 mm thick. The 10.5 cm guns were equipped with 10 to 15 mm (0.39 to 0.59 in) thick gun	gun	NOUN	shields	NOUN	 shields
A study of five wild cheetahs (three females, two males) during hunting reported a maximum speed of 93 km / h (58 mph), with an average of 48 to 56 km / h (30 to 35 mph). Speed can be increased	increased	VERB	by	ADP	 by
Due to a loss of resolution and quality resulting from rephotographing an element in an optical printer, live action sequences for effects were shot in 65 mm or VistaVision formats to compensate. When the larger prints were reduced through an anamorphic lens on the printer, the result	result	NOUN	was	AUX	 was
In 1994, the chain tested a carry out only store, Cracker Barrel Old Country Store Corner Market, in suburban residential neighborhoods. In addition, it expanded into new markets through the establishment of more traditional Cracker Barrel locations, the majority of them outside the South	South	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
The plan is funded by the $3 billion from the 2008 Act, the American Recovery and Reinvestment Act of 2009, and increased funding from the participating jurisdictions. The plan includes rebuilding much of its infrastructure for improved safety. The NTSB had recommended replacing Metrorail's	's	PART	oldest	ADJ	 oldest
As the spacecraft passed behind the planet, it observed flashes of lightning in the night side atmosphere. The next mission to encounter Jupiter was the Ulysses solar probe. It performed a flyby maneuver to attain a polar orbit around the Sun. During this pass, the	the	DET	spacecraft	NOUN	 spacecraft
Since the turn of the 20th century, various federal and state agencies have been involved in wildland fire management in one form or another. In the early 20th century, for example, the federal government, through the U.S. Army and the U.S. Forest Service, solicited	solicited	VERB	fire	NOUN	 fire
Instead, their next closest relative turned out to be the distinctive Banksia coccinea. Mast, Eric Jones and Shawn Havery published the results of their cladistic analyses of DNA sequence data for Banksia in 2005. They inferred a phylogeny greatly different from the accepted taxonomic arrangement,	,	PUNCT	including	VERB	 including
As schools began to integrate, students and teachers noticed differences in the way Black students and White students signed. Carolyn McCaskill, professor of ASL and Deaf Studies at Gallaudet University, recalls the challenge of understanding the dialect of ASL spoken by her White principal and teachers	teachers	NOUN	after	SCONJ	 after
Several kings, most notably Vasabha and Mahasena, built large reservoirs and canals, which created a vast and complex irrigation network in the Rajarata area throughout the Anuradhapura period. These constructions are an indication of the advanced technical and engineering skills used to create them. The	The	DET	famous	ADJ	 famous
Ocellated turkeys were unsuitable for domestication, but were rounded up in the wild and penned for fattening. All of these were used as food animals; dogs were additionally used for hunting. It is possible that deer were also penned and fattened. There are hundreds of	of	ADP	Maya	PROPN	 Maya
The single reel drama, approximately 1,000 feet long, was released on November 25, 1910. The film had a wide national release, known advertising theaters include those in Nebraska, North Carolina, Pennsylvania, Arizona, Indiana, Montana, and Oklahoma, The New	New	PROPN	York	PROPN	 York
The legislation authorizing the construction of the facility was introduced by Washington, D.C. Delegate Eleanor Holmes Norton and was entitled the Jacob Joseph Chestnut John Michael Gibson United States Capitol Visitor Center Act of 1998. The door where Weston entered was renamed in honor of the two officers	officers	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
As there are only eight of these cartridges in existence, they are extremely rare and fetch a large collector's price today. The musical score for Mega Man 4 was composed by Minae Fujii, credited as " Ojalin ", while the sound programming and sound effects	effects	NOUN	were	AUX	 were
On review aggregator Rotten Tomatoes, the film has a rating of 83% based on 292 reviews, with a rating average of 7.4 / 10. The site's consensus reads " It might be more impressive on a technical level than as a piece of storytelling,	,	PUNCT	but	CCONJ	 but
The show was abandoned for an " oldies " set, at the end of which Townshend smashed his guitar and Moon kicked over his drumkit. The Independent described this gig as one of the worst of all time. The US tour started on 20 November at the	the	DET	Cow	NOUN	 Cow
In the general election, Beshear faced Republican Eugene Stuart and Don Wiggins, who became the nominee of the newly formed Consumers Lobby Party after losing in the Republican gubernatorial primary. Stuart categorized Beshear as being too liberal for Kentucky, citing his opinion in the Ten Commandments	Commandments	PROPN	case	NOUN	 case
" because Okafor is known for his polished footwork and finesse, Alexander is known for his dominating power game of dunks and blocks. Sun Times reporter Michael O'Brien stated the comparison more eloquently saying that for the next generation area big men will be compared to the duo	duo	NOUN	:	PUNCT	:
These ombiasy also often trained the spiritual leaders of other communities, further reinforcing the preeminence of the Matitana ombiasy as masters of arcane knowledge and those outside their clan who sought to learn or dispense it. The Zafikasimambo used their right to conduct sombily (ritual sacrifice)	)	PUNCT	to	PART	 to
Once the music was recorded, a sound environment was created so that it could be heard clearly through the 3DS system's speakers. While there were concerns about the 3DS cartridge's storage space limitations, these ultimately proved to be minimal. The game's title represented	represented	VERB	the	DET	 the
A January 2012 Oxfam report said that a half a million Haitians remained homeless, still living under tarps and in tents. Watchdog groups have criticized the reconstruction process saying that part of the problem is that charities spent a considerable amount of money on " soaring rents,	,	PUNCT	board	NOUN	 board
In 2001, Webb left the band to pursue his solo career, although he continued to contribute to their next album Back Home. Caedmon's Call then released Chronicles 1992 2004 (2004), a best of collection of the band's work, which included work	work	NOUN	by	ADP	 by
The first and larger of the two, Fandriampahalemana, features a room for receiving visitors and a large salon on the ground floor, and the bedrooms of Queen Ranavalona II and her serving lady on the second floor. The original European furnishings have been preserved, and	and	CCONJ	the	DET	 the
Bus. US 127 turns northward on Mission Road, crossing into Clare County and following McEwan Street through residential areas on the south side of Clare. At the intersection with 5th Street in downtown, Bus. US 10 merges in from the east and M 115 terminates	terminates	VERB	from	ADP	 from
Antioxidants are frequently added to industrial products. A common use is as stabilizers in fuels and lubricants to prevent oxidation, and in gasolines to prevent the polymerization that leads to the formation of engine fouling residues. In 2007, the worldwide market for industrial antioxidants had a	a	DET	total	ADJ	 total
AMD, Apple, Intel, Nvidia and others are supporting OpenCL. Several application specific integrated circuit (ASIC) approaches have been devised for dealing with parallel applications. Because an ASIC is (by definition) specific to a given application, it can be fully optimized	optimized	VERB	for	ADP	 for
Between 1978 and 1982, research was undertaken by Auburn University as to the effect of applications of chemical and physical irritants to the legs of Tennessee Walking Horses. The study found that chains of any weight used in combination with chemical soring produced lesions and pain in horses	horses	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
") Members of the WSPU were sometimes heckled and derided for spoiling elections for Liberal candidates. On 18 January 1908, Pankhurst and her associate Nellie Martel were attacked by an all male crowd of Liberal supporters who blamed the WSPU for costing them a recent by election	election	NOUN	to	ADP	 to
A newer bridge was built in 1974, but part of it collapsed on September 15, 2001 after being hit by a barge, causing eight people to plunge to their deaths and significantly hindering the economy of South Texas. It was rebuilt and reopened in November of	of	ADP	that	DET	 that
Infineon Raceway is one of two road courses to hold NASCAR races, the other being Watkins Glen International. The standard road course at Infineon Raceway is a 12 turn course that is 2.52 miles (4.06 km) long; the track was modified in 1998, adding	adding	VERB	the	DET	 the
The video's filming was documented by a Making the Video camera crew, and premiered on MTV after the program on October 20, 1999; it debuted in the United Kingdom and on Total Request Live the following day. A version of the video featuring footage from	from	ADP	the	DET	 the
The film " Auction of Souls " (1919), which was based on her book " Ravished Armenia ", showed the victims nailed to crosses. However, almost 70 years later Mardiganian revealed that the scene was inaccurate and went on to describe what was actually	actually	ADV	an	DET	 an
The battleship was laid down in November 1911 and launched on 21 February 1914. She was formally commissioned into the Imperial Navy on 8 November 1914, just over 4 months after the start of World War I. The name Kronprinz (Eng: " Crown Prince ")	)	PUNCT	refers	VERB	 refers
Kinkaid was placed in charge of the North Pacific Force in January 1943 and commanded the operations that regained control of the Aleutian Islands. He was promoted to vice admiral in June 1943. In November 1943, Kinkaid became Commander Allied Naval Forces South West Pacific Area,	,	PUNCT	and	CCONJ	 and
The band was initially against the idea, and according to Millard, they felt it had always meant a band was near the end of their career. However, Millard later remembered he had written the song in 1999, and the idea shifted from a greatest hits	hits	NOUN	record	NOUN	 record
The plans were sent from the ministry to the municipality, whose council passed the plans on 12 November 1908. Among the conditions were that within five years, the municipality could demand that the line be extended to either Ljabru or Ljan. The concession was again considered	considered	VERB	on	ADP	 on
' this way, then swiveling and shouting ' aaah! ' that way. " The New Yorker's Anthony Lane, who gave Spider Man 2 a favorable review, gave the film a negative review, characterizing the film as a “ shambles ” which “ makes	makes	VERB	the	DET	 the
Some portions of the Point Loma peninsula are not under the jurisdiction of the city, including the federal and military lands as well as the bayside tidelands governed by the Port of San Diego. Approximately 60% of the Point Loma community is included in the Coastal Zone	Zone	PROPN	and	CCONJ	 and
Despite her great success traveling Europe with the Porgy and Bess tour, she is distressed and full of indecision. For every positive description of her European experiences, there is a lament about Guy that " shuts off " these experiences and prevents her from enjoying the fruit	fruit	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
Today, the designation " Straight Egyptian " or " Egyptian Arabian " is popular with some Arabian breeders, and the modern Egyptian bred Arabian is an outcross used to add refinement in some breeding programs. Probably the earliest horses with Arabian bloodlines to enter Europe came indirectly	indirectly	ADV	,	PUNCT	,
Authorities in Martinique canceled a memorial to the victims of West Caribbean Airways Flight 708 and began to set up shelters. At 5 a.m. AST (0900 UTC) August 16 the respective governments of St. Lucia and Dominica issued hurricane warnings in anticipation of Hurricane Dean's imminent	imminent	ADJ	approach	NOUN	 approach
Turning eastward, the storm deteriorated to a deep depression on May 16 before it curved northeastward and re intensified into a cyclonic storm. It came ashore in western Myanmar and dissipated over land the following day. In the wake of prolonged precipitation during the first half of	of	ADP	May	PROPN	 May
While some critics praised the direct lyrical approach, others criticised it when compared to previous Wilco albums. The band licensed six songs from the Sky Blue Sky sessions to a Volkswagen advertisement campaign, a move that generated criticism from fans and the media. In April 2006	2006	NUM	,	PUNCT	,
The star is young, and is estimated to be 598 million years old (as compared to the Sun's 4.6 billion years). Analysis of emission lines have indicated that WASP 43 is an active star. WASP 43 has one detected planet in its orbit,	,	PUNCT	WASP	PROPN	 WASP
The case for Hess's defence was presented from 22 – 26 March by his lawyer, Dr Alfred Seidl. He noted that while Hess accepted responsibility for the many decrees he had signed, he said these matters were part of the internal workings of a sovereign state	state	NOUN	and	CCONJ	 and
The three letter abbreviation for the constellation, as adopted by the International Astronomical Union in 1922, is " Pic ". The official constellation boundaries, as set by Eugène Delporte in 1930, are defined by a polygon of 18 segments (illustrated in infobox).	.	PUNCT	In	ADP	 In
The most recent evidence of volcanic activity at Mount Hood consists of fumaroles near Crater Rock and hot springs on the flanks of the volcano. Mount Hood was first seen by European explorers in 1792 and is believed to have maintained a consistent summit elevation, varying by no	no	PRON	more	ADJ	 more
Reindeer Moss (Cladonia rangiferina) is a common species. The trunks and branches of large trees are an important lichen habitat, Tree Lungwort being particularly conspicuous. In the past lichens were widely used for dyeing clothing. Graphis alboscripta and Halecania rhypodiza are endemic species.	.	PUNCT	The	DET	 The
He later stated that he lacked the faith in his own judgment to leave Yale and get a job in " the real world [which] lay beyond the college walls ". However, once he graduated, Voorhis engaged a room at a boarding house and went	went	VERB	to	PART	 to
" In the second verse, she sings: " You'll never need two, because I will be your number one / Them other chicks are superficial / But I know you know I'm the one / That's why I'm all into you / Cuz	Cuz	SCONJ	I	PRON	 I
Ryan herself has said that she is open for a return to the character, however, stating that she is a commitment phobe at the moment and with regards to her character she views her as " someone who is around for this one time adventure ". "	"	PUNCT	It	PRON	 It
On 1 November 1966, McNamara signed an order authorizing STRAT X, officially initiating the study. During STRAT X, the working panel was " encouraged to examine system concepts unrestrained by considerations of potential management problems or political influences. " The Secretary wanted new ideas about	about	ADP	"	PUNCT	 "
Henry argued that, unlike Robert, he had been born to a reigning king and queen, thereby giving him a claim under the right of porphyrogeniture. Tempers flared, but Henry, supported by Henry de Beaumont and Robert of Meulan, held sway and persuaded the	the	DET	barons	NOUN	 barons
His mother, a washerwoman, died of cancer when he was 12. He played youth football for Newport Boys ' Club and then Middlesbrough Swifts, who were coached by influential manager Bill Sanderson. He learnt the rudiments of the game using a small bundle of rags	rags	NOUN	in	ADP	 in
They attempted to halt the release of Fast and Furious 7 in Thailand, and on March 27, 2015, a civil court approved, blocking release the film until a settlement had been reached by both parties. The court came to its decision after interviewing two employees	employees	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
Albany's economy, along with that of the Capital District in general, is heavily dependent on government, health care, education, and more recently, technology. Because of these typically steady economic bases, the local economy has been relatively immune to national economic recessions	recessions	NOUN	in	ADP	 in
We'd write in the morning so we could rehearse and record at night. It was so difficult, like a conveyor belt, because you couldn't get time to reflect on stuff. ' Is this right? Is this working properly? ' It was very	very	ADV	difficult	ADJ	 difficult
The Royal Union Flag and Red Ensign are still flown in Canada by veterans ' groups and others who continue to stress the importance of Canada's British heritage and the Commonwealth connection. The Red Ensign is occasionally still used as well, including official use at some ceremonies	ceremonies	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
" She stated that " While the concept of " a lot of pretty people dancing at dusk " is pretty simple, the neon colors manage to amp up the video, as does the colored sand that's thrown around in the air and mixed with glitter.	.	PUNCT	"	PUNCT	 "
Marcus was responsible for a number of innovations at the Dallas retailer. He created the annual Neiman Marcus Award for Distinguished Service in Fashion, beginning in 1938, which led to the Neiman Marcus Exposition, a fall fashion show held annually from 1938 to 1970, then	then	ADV	periodically	ADV	 periodically
" I don't know why it had to be an ear. Except it needed to be an opening of a part of the body, a hole into something else... The ear sits on the head and goes right into the mind so it felt perfect "	"	PUNCT	,	PUNCT	,
He was the first constable to be killed in a riot in Britain since 1833, when PC Robert Culley was stabbed to death in Clerkenwell, London. Detectives came under enormous pressure to find the killers, amid tabloid coverage that left wing journalists claimed was sometimes openly	openly	ADV	racist	ADJ	 racist
Núñez played in 112 games for the Yankees, and led the team in errors with 20, despite only playing part time. Despite his defensive struggles, the Yankees viewed Núñez as likely to make their 25 man roster out of spring training in 2012 as a utility	utility	NOUN	infielder	NOUN	 infielder
Despite all of his work, Virginia's frontier was ravaged by raiding parties, and he lost one third of his men in eighteen months. Washington's relationship with Dinwiddie deteriorated again over these difficulties and ongoing complaints about pay that was inadequate compared to British regimental standards	standards	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
The services at Cardiff West includes Esso petrol, a Travelodge, Burger King, Costa Coffee and W H Smith, while the services at Cardiff Gate includes petrol, Burger King, W H Smith and also Coffee Primo. Traffic Wales is the Welsh Government's traffic	traffic	NOUN	information	NOUN	 information
When Filmation announced their own animated sequel to the fairy tale, the studio was sued by Disney until Filmation promised their characters would not resemble the ones from the Disney film; the settlement stated there could not be a " wicked witch " character in the film which	which	PRON	instead	ADV	 instead
After synthesis, dopamine is transported from the cytosol into synaptic vesicles by a solute carrier — a vesicular monoamine transporter, VMAT2. Dopamine is stored in these vesicles until it is ejected into the synaptic cleft. In most cases, the release of dopamine occurs through a	a	DET	process	NOUN	 process
From Debian 5.0, the numbering scheme of point releases was changed, conforming to the GNU version numbering standard; the first point release of Debian 5.0 was 5.0.1 instead of 5.0r1. The numbering scheme was once again changed for the first Debian 7 update, which was	was	AUX	version	NOUN	 version
By 1 December, the division was almost completely destroyed; it lost virtually all of its heavy equipment and vehicles, as well as suffering 4,940 men killed or missing. The 25th Infantry Division, on its western flank, was also hit by overwhelming Chinese forces of	of	ADP	the	DET	 the
" " Boing Boing ", a comedic sex oriented rap, samples audio from a pornographic film which had previously been sampled by the group on their Tunnel of Love EP. Bruce says that the song was intended as a joke. Some fans interpreted the song as	as	ADP	Bruce	PROPN	 Bruce
Final Fantasy Tactics Advance is a tactical role playing game developed and published by Square for the Nintendo Game Boy Advance. The game shares several traits with Final Fantasy Tactics, although it is not a direct sequel. The game's story centers on four children; Marche	Marche	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
The Due Process Clause prohibits state and local government officials from depriving persons of life, liberty, or property without legislative authorization. This clause has also been used by the federal judiciary to make most of the Bill of Rights applicable to the states, as well as	as	ADP	to	PART	 to
It is a prescription drug in many countries, and unauthorized possession and distribution of amphetamine are often tightly controlled due to the significant health risks associated with recreational use. The first pharmaceutical amphetamine was Benzedrine, a brand which was used to treat a variety of conditions.	.	PUNCT	Currently	ADV	 Currently
First held on December 31, 1907, to welcome 1908, the ball drop has been held annually since, except in 1942 and 1943 in observance of wartime blackouts. The ball's design has also been updated over the years to reflect improvements in lighting technology;	;	PUNCT	the	DET	 the
The speed, range and aircraft requirements remained the same, although the torpedo tubes were dropped. Over a dozen preliminary designs had been proposed by May 1944, but none were acceptable. A new tactical requirement was issued in November 1944 that envisioned a more realistic displacement	displacement	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
A small double blind, randomized study found the antibiotic cephalexin to also increase metformin concentrations by a similar mechanism; theoretically, other cationic medications may produce the same effect. Metformin decreases hyperglycemia primarily by suppressing glucose production by the liver (hepatic gluconeogenesis). The "	"	PUNCT	average	ADJ	 average
Some species are popular as bonsai material because they have characteristics, such as small leaves or needles, that make them appropriate for the compact visual scope of bonsai and a miniature deciduous forest can even be created using such species as Japanese maple, Japanese zelkova or hornbeam	hornbeam	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
Five years later, Periyar travelled to North India to advocate the eradication of the caste system. Nearing Periyar's last years, an award was given to him by the United Nations Educational Scientific and Cultural Organization (UNESCO), and it was presented to him by	by	ADP	the	DET	 the
During the construction, the New Street interchange and bridge were demolished and replaced. The area of the Paulus Boulevard intersection was upgraded for accessibility, and a bus stop was installed, but the roadway southbound is still three lanes at the traffic light. In adjacent Elmer	Elmer	PROPN	Boyd	PROPN	 Boyd
In one coastal section in eastern Australia during the 1970s, predation of turtle eggs destroyed up to 95% of all clutches laid. Aggressive efforts to destroy foxes in the 1980s and 1990s has reduced this impact; however, it is estimated that it will be the	the	DET	year	NOUN	 year
Wollstonecraft's was the first response in a pamphlet war sparked by the publication of Edmund Burke's Reflections on the Revolution in France (1790), a defense of constitutional monarchy, aristocracy, and the Church of England. Wollstonecraft attacked not only hereditary privilege, but	but	CCONJ	also	ADV	 also
In the last week of his life, he was too weak to lift a knife or fork and wrote: " I suffer all the time: I have no relief, no escape: it is monotony — monotony — monotony — in pain. " Whitman died	died	VERB	on	ADP	 on
Word of the war's end reached her when she was at Saipan on 15 August. The next day she sailed for Okinawa to join the occupation force. She entered Sagami Wan on 27 August to support the airborne occupation of Atsugi Airfield. The next day New	New	PROPN	Mexico	PROPN	 Mexico
When the Forty Two Articles were finally published in May 1553, the title page declared that the articles were agreed upon by the Convocation and were published by the authority of the king. This was not in fact the case and the mistake was likely caused by miscommunications	miscommunications	NOUN	between	ADP	 between
Combinations of forms, such as gods with human bodies and animal heads, are common. New forms and increasingly complex combinations arose in the course of history. Some gods can only be distinguished from others if they are labeled in writing, as with Isis and Hathor	Hathor	PROPN	.	PUNCT	.
Animal coloration has been a topic of interest and research in biology for centuries. In his 1665 book Micrographia, Robert Hooke describes the " fantastical " (structural, not pigment) colours of the Peacock's feathers: The parts of the Feathers of this glorious Bird	Bird	PROPN	appear	VERB	 appear
In 2008, Warner Bros. Entertainment released Watchmen Motion Comics, a series of narrated animations of the original comic book. The first chapter was released for purchase in the summer of 2008 on digital video stores, such as iTunes Store. A DVD compiling the full motion	motion	NOUN	comic	ADJ	 comic
However, just when the aircrews believed the mission was over, a C 130 piloted by Lieutenant Colonel Jay Van Cleeff was ordered to reinsert the three man Combat Control Team, which had been airlifted out of the compound earlier in the day by Colonel Cole. In	In	ADP	protest	NOUN	 protest
Kindt played college football for the University of Wisconsin Badgers primarily as an halfback from 1943 – 1946, missing the 1944 and half of the 1945 season because of World War II. He was the starting halfback for the Badgers for most of his college career. Kindt	Kindt	PROPN	decided	VERB	 decided
B. Wright from Vibe found the music inconsistent and " schizophrenic " but praised Miguel's singing and songwriting abilities while determining the record was " worth the purchase price ". In a three and a half star review, Slant Magazine's Matthew Cole said the second half	half	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
Gosiewski then ravaged Ducal Prussia, burning 13 towns and 250 villages, in a campaign that entered folklore because of the high death toll and the high number of captives deported to the Crimea. On 22 October, Gosiewski was defeated by Swedish forces in the Battle of	of	ADP	Filipów	PROPN	 Filipów
Cambridge United took a two goal lead at York, before Hyde scored a header shortly before half time and Wes Fletcher scored a penalty in the 83rd minute, seeing the match end a 2 – 2 draw. York then played away to Exeter City, who were	were	AUX	also	ADV	 also
A network of cross country routes linked these main lines, and there were also many and varied branch lines. Some were short, such as the 3.5 mile (5.6 km) Clevedon branch line; others were much longer such as the 23 mile (37 km	km	NOUN	)	PUNCT	)
The latter originally appeared on the 1965 television special A Charlie Brown Christmas and the soundtrack of the same name. Also included are three original tracks, " Redribbon Foxes ", " Winter White " and " Wish You Well ". Of " Redribbon Foxes ",	,	PUNCT	Sudol	PROPN	 Sudol
After a brief concurrency with SR 530, SR 9 crosses the Stillaguamish River and passes Bryant to enter a heavily forested area and leave Snohomish County. Entering Skagit County, the highway continues northwest through a large forest to Lake McMurray, where it intersects SR 534 and	and	CCONJ	encounters	VERB	 encounters
The fleet's ability to conduct offensive operations overseas showed the necessity of a powerful fleet of battleships. As a result, the US Congress was willing to authorize much larger ships; the Virginias, three of which were authorized on 3 March 1899, were the first	first	ADJ	of	ADP	 of
His last cap was as a second half substitute in a 3 – 1 friendly defeat by the Netherlands in May 1994. UEFA European Under 18 Football Championship winner, 1982 European Cup Winners ' Cup winner, 1983 Scottish League Cup winner, 1985 Norwich City player of	of	ADP	the	DET	 the
The ship left Argentina on 30 June and arrived back in Hampton Roads on 22 July. After resuming her normal peacetime routine for the following three months, Montana was tasked with escorting President William Howard Taft aboard Tennessee for a trip to Panama. The two ships departed	departed	VERB	Charleston	PROPN	 Charleston
When questioned on the incident at the press conference, Hamilton defended his actions: [Räikkönen] pushed me to the point where I would either have been on the kerb and crashed into him or have to go on the escape route, so I went on the	the	DET	escape	NOUN	 escape
They heavily criticized the episode for taking place before the events of " Kaddish " and " Memento Mori " in an attempt to not deal with Scully's cancer. Furthermore, the two criticized the episode for being " thin stuff " and heavily padded; Shearman and	and	CCONJ	Pearson	PROPN	 Pearson
" She has also expressed a desire to return to the role, calling on the show's producers to " Bring Jenny back. Please! " Over the course of the episode " The Doctor's Daughter ", the character of Jenny undergoes marked change. Moffett	Moffett	PROPN	explained	VERB	 explained
Thus in 1908, some older DRC members were familiar and open to Pentecostalism. Second, the Dutch Reformed minister Andrew Murray was a prominent holiness teacher and helped create a climate for revival. A third factor was the Zionist churches, led by John Alexander Dowie from	from	ADP	Zion	PROPN	 Zion
His first flight lasted only one minute 45 seconds, but his ability to effortlessly make banking turns and fly a circle amazed and stunned onlookers, including several pioneer French aviators, among them Louis Blériot. In the following days, Wilbur made a series of technically challenging	challenging	ADJ	flights	NOUN	 flights
The southern aisle, he said, had had " a small circular headed window, filled up from a pointed one " at the eastern end; the east window " was of a design more remarkable for its singularity than its beauty. " Two of the six	six	NUM	arches	NOUN	 arches
These were the first drone strikes of 2014; the previous strike occurred on 25 December 2013 in the Qutab Khel area of Miramshah, killing four suspected militants. 18 June 2014 – At least six militants were killed in Miramshah. 10 July 2014 – A strike in	in	ADP	the	DET	 the
Another characteristic of young, moist fruit bodies is the amber colored drops exuded on the pore surface. Although the mushrooms are considered edible, they are generally not recommended for consumption because of the risk of confusion with other poisonous red pored, blue bruising boletes. E.	E.	PROPN	frostii	NOUN	 frostii
The request for a sequel prompted Tolkien to begin what would become his most famous work: the epic novel The Lord of the Rings (originally published in three volumes 1954 – 1955). Tolkien spent more than ten years writing the primary narrative and appendices for The	The	DET	Lord	PROPN	 Lord
Ralph would go there to, wallowing in his depression, and would find happiness by gaining " Like It " buttons for doing acceptable actions in the party like nature of the place. Moore stated that while it was difficult to consider dropping this new game world,	,	PUNCT	they	PRON	 they
Ms. Spears, in all prior circumstances, had indicated she had, but at the time she was going through this application she did answer ' no. ' It had not been a full five years, but four years and eleven months since the surgery [in	in	ADP	1999	NUM	 1999
On a more serious level, its investigation into the power of movies pierces a void from which you can hear the screams of a ravenous demon whose appetites can never be slaked. " Edward Guthmann of the San Francisco Chronicle called it " exhilarating [...] for	for	ADP	its	PRON	 its
At the time, the northeastern Bulgarian city of Ruse was a major economic hub. Ruse prospered due to its role as a major port on the Danube, its rapid industrial development and its well established ties with Central Europe along that river. Banking, however,	,	PUNCT	was	AUX	 was
Hidden features include collectible autograph pictures of the defeated wrestlers; and a few unlockable characters, among whom are two female models in bikinis. All Star Pro Wrestling was announced in January 1999 as part of Square's desire to expand into more diverse game genres on the	the	DET	PlayStation	PROPN	 PlayStation
Spears's manager Larry Rudolph commented on the situation, saying, " Clear Channel is an incredible company, and I'm sure we'll be doing more business with them. We went with Concerts West because they're a strong touring company and because they have ancillary	ancillary	ADJ	properties	NOUN	 properties
Actor Michael J. Fox has PD and has greatly increased the public awareness of the disease. After diagnosis, Fox embraced his Parkinson's in television roles, sometimes acting without medication, in order to further illustrate the effects of the condition. He has written two autobiographies	autobiographies	NOUN	in	ADP	 in
Hanneman admitted that he " still love [s] playing that song live. You'd think we'd be tired of it – I mean, I'd love to know how many times we've played it live. That would be really interesting. " King	King	PROPN	said	VERB	 said
Prisoners reported that by the time it reached Hamch ' ang at the end of July it was down to 3,000 men from the 5,500 it had before the push. The NK 15th Division, according to prisoners, also lost heavily to artillery and mortar fire in its	its	PRON	drive	NOUN	 drive
" IGN added: " Resident Evil is supposed to be a terrifying experience, and much of the terror stems from pitting players against foes who completely outmatch them. That's the Tyrant in a nutshell. " IGN also included an " any type of Tyrant "	"	PUNCT	in	ADP	 in
Justinian, confident in his own strength based on his previous successes, responded in kind. Finally, the Umayyads claimed that the Byzantines had broken the treaty and invaded Byzantine territory, defeating the imperial army at the Battle of Sebastopolis in 693. In its aftermath,	,	PUNCT	the	DET	 the
After the death of King Edward VI on 6 July 1553, John Dudley, Duke of Northumberland, who had led the young King's government for the last three and a half years, tried to install his daughter in law Lady Jane Grey on the English throne	throne	NOUN	;	PUNCT	;
References to the predynastic rulers of Copán are found in later texts, but none of these texts predate the refounding of Copán in AD 426. The fertile Copán River valley was long a site of agriculture before the first known stone architecture was built in the region about	about	ADP	the	DET	 the
Weadick invited ranchers to enter their wagons and crews to compete for a total of $275 in prize money. Called the Rangeland Derby, and nicknamed the " half mile of hell ", chuckwagon racing proved immediately popular and quickly became the event's largest attraction.	.	PUNCT	While	SCONJ	 While
She was radiant and wonderful. " The rave reviews in the newspapers lifted Lawrence's spirits, and she expected a lengthy run as Anna, first on Broadway, then in London's West End, and finally on film. Lawrence won a Tony Award for her	her	PRON	leading	VERB	 leading
/ JG 6 lost 12 out 20 Bf 109s. In total, JG 6 lost 43% of its strength and suffered 16 pilots killed or missing and seven captured. As well as Kogler, one other commanding officer was lost — Gruppenkommandeure Helmut Kühle. Three Staffelkapitane	Staffelkapitane	PROPN	were	AUX	 were
The stroke of her engines was 27 inches (690 mm) and the bores of their cylinders were 36 inches (910 mm), 55 inches (1,400 mm) and 60 inches (1,500 mm). The low pressure cylinder of Piemonte ' engines was split	split	VERB	in	ADP	 in
The anthem must be performed in accordance with the lyrics and sheet music established by law. Every day, state owned Belarusian television and radio stations are required to play the national anthem upon signing on at 6 a.m. and again upon signing off (usually around midnight)	)	PUNCT	.	PUNCT	.
MacLean relayed the idea to the General Staff in Salisbury, which decided in late 1977 to form a " French battalion " to alleviate the strain on its regular units. A Rhodesian officer of French extraction, Cyril Bernard, warned his superiors strongly against the scheme,	,	PUNCT	but	CCONJ	 but
Epperson's script included Darin's penchant for orgies after his divorce with Sandra Dee. Spacey, finding the Epperson script to be overtly dark and morbid, began to rewrite Beyond the Sea, incorporating info from the 1987 Lewis Colick script. Spacey acknowledged he portrayed Darin	Darin	PROPN	in	ADP	 in
But he's never come and said ' I should be starting '. He's been different class. " On 8 January 2011, he was on the scoresheet as County beat Premier League side Sunderland 2 – 1 in the FA Cup. Two weeks later he	he	PRON	was	AUX	 was
Clarke held a big advantage in the campaign as he was supported by the Métis who had been looking for someone to locally represent them in the Legislature since the territory was formed in 1870. Clarke had also built his popularity and name recognition as a prominent fur trader	trader	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
The battle took place in Phước Tuy Province (now part of Bà Rịa – Vũng Tàu Province), South Vietnam. The year of 1964 marked a decisive turning point in the Vietnam War. Following the ousting of President Ngô Đình Diệm in 1963, South Vietnam	Vietnam	PROPN	's	PART	's
Myers is now on death row and the two kids with their own personal vendettas against the killer sneak in to watch his execution. But when things go awry and Myers escapes, the pair, along with their friends, find themselves in the firing line. On	On	ADP	October	PROPN	 October
Investigators that visited the home said there were no visible injuries on Calyx when the report was filed four days later. Calyx had told investigators that Schenecker had " hit her with an open hand on her face for approximately 30 seconds ", according to the report.	.	PUNCT	On	ADP	 On
In Poland and Ukraine, borscht is usually one of the dishes served at a Christmas Eve dinner. Celebrated after the first star has appeared in the sky on December 25 (Roman Catholic) or January 6 (Greek Catholic), it is a meal which is	is	AUX	at	ADP	 at
This is a form of epistemological externalism: knowledge or justification depends on factors outside the mind and is not solely determined internally. Putnam has clarified that his real target in this argument was never skepticism, but metaphysical realism. Since realism of this kind assumes the existence	existence	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
He can be heard heckling Michael McKean when McKean hosted SNL in 1984, and he can be seen in the sketch " The Run, Throw, and Catch Like a Girl Olympics " when Howard Cosell hosted the season finale in 1985. In 1989, David teamed	teamed	VERB	up	ADP	 up
They practice tromba (ancestral spirit possession) and believe in nature spirits. They adhere to a wide range of fady (ancestral taboos), particularly including several that serve to protect wildlife and wilderness areas. The traditional economy of the Antankarana revolved around fishing and livestock	livestock	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
The narrow gauge Voss Line from Bergen to Voss opened in 1883, and the Bergen Line was completed as standard gauge in 1909. During the construction of the Bergen Line, the path that ran up Flåmsdalen was upgraded by NSB to allow access to the area around	around	ADP	Myrdal	PROPN	 Myrdal
Learning of the Pillar of Life in the African interior, she journeyed to the ruined kingdom of Kôr, feigning friendship with a hermit who was the keeper of the Flame that granted immortality. She bathed in the Pillar of Life's fire. Job – Holly's	's	PART	trusted	VERB	 trusted
Items such as case files and cassette tapes are found hidden around the asylum, and provide additional information about the asylum's past and give background information about certain victims. The game's combat system allows the character to block, counter attack, and perform attacks to	to	PART	fend	VERB	 fend
According to Rev. W. W. Skeat in his notes to the fourteenth century The Vision of William Concerning Piers the Plowman, In the present passage we have the earliest known allusion to the singular custom known as that of " the Dunmow flitch of Bacon. " The custom	custom	NOUN	was	AUX	 was
The virus was believed to have been used for cyber espionage in Middle Eastern countries. Kaspersky Lab developed a reputation for discovering cybersecurity threats. In 2015 Kaspersky and Kaspersky Lab discovered a group of hackers known as Carbanak that were stealing money from banks. They also exposed	exposed	VERB	Equation	PROPN	 Equation
" At the time he joined Lowerhouse, a profile in a Burnley newspaper stated that he was a steady bowler who kept to a consistent good length. Additionally, he was a good, although " impetuous " batsman. More recent writers have judged him by his	his	PRON	mediocre	ADJ	 mediocre
" Most reviewers criticized the quality of its cameras, particularly due to their resolution in comparison to contemporaneous mobile phones. They considered them sufficient for the DSi's screens, however. Harris and Lowe believed that the camera's only use was to take " silly pictures	pictures	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
He soon became a contributor to Literatorul, a Symbolist magazine, and was close friends with its founder, Alexandru Macedonski. In 1897, he was chosen by the latter to edit and promote his book of French language poems, Bronzes. In the end, Bogdan	Bogdan	PROPN	Pitești	PROPN	 Pitești
The abridged edition generally parallels the full edition, and has been developed for most full editions since that date. By popular request, in 1930, the Library of Congress began to print Dewey Classification numbers on nearly all of its cards, thus making the system immediately	immediately	ADV	available	ADJ	 available
The Doctor had asked the Teselecta to masquerade as him at Lake Silencio, and the Doctor and his TARDIS had been miniaturised within it. Elsewhere, the Doctor takes Dorium's head back to where it was stored and explains that his perceived death will enable him to	to	PART	be	AUX	 be
Americans were naturally sympathetic to a republican cause, but also remembered Louis XVI as a friend of the nascent United States. When Lafayette fell from power in 1792, Americans tended to blame factionalism for the ouster of a man who was, in their eyes, above	above	ADP	such	ADJ	 such
When the Guards saw the star shells and realised Cardiff's intentions, the officer in charge of the landing craft, Major Ewen Southby Tailyour, moved them to shallow water in an attempt to outrun her. Cardiff, still closing on the craft, signalled to them	them	PRON	a	DET	 a
She explained that the decision was significant, as the films represented a further four year commitment to the role, but eventually conceded that she " could never let [the role of] Hermione go ", signing for the role on 23 March 2007. Watson's	's	PART	first	ADJ	 first
He is a CEO and co founder of HubSpot, an Internet marketing company based in Cambridge, Massachusetts, and is also a senior lecturer at MIT. Halligan uses the term inbound marketing to describe the type of marketing he advocates. He has co authored two books	books	NOUN	on	ADP	 on
Getting on particularly well with the locals, it is reported that to them " he was every inch the professor " because of his eccentric appearance and habits. In 1932, Childe, collaborating with anthropologist C. Daryll Forde, excavated two Iron Age hillforts at Earn's	's	PART	Hugh	PROPN	 Hugh
When she awakens again, the Aperture Science complex has become dilapidated and overgrown and appears on the verge of destruction. Wheatley (Stephen Merchant), a personality core, helps her attempt to escape via the test chambers. In the process, they accidentally reactivate the	the	DET	dormant	ADJ	 dormant
However, the high winds caused the anemometer at Hagåtña to fail during the eye's passage, and the radar at Andersen Air Force Base was lost, preventing accurate wind speed assessments. The lowest barometric pressure was 940 mbar (27.76 inHg) at Apra Harbor.	.	PUNCT	Omar	PROPN	 Omar
Dockers ' Days bring together past successful Millwall teams who parade on the pitch at half time. Supporters who were dockers are allowed to attend the game for free. In 2011, Millwall officially named the east stand of The Den as the ' Dockers Stand ' in	in	ADP	honour	NOUN	 honour
The books were illustrated with both photographs and drawings, most of which were made by his wife, Yvonne. The series was known for its breadth and depth, however it was never completed. Projected as a nine volume set, Osman Hill died in 1975,	,	PUNCT	leaving	VERB	 leaving
His third novel, The Dark Room (1938) was about domestic disharmony, showcasing the man as the oppressor and the woman as the victim within a marriage, and was published by yet another publisher; this book also received good reviews. In 1937, Narayan	Narayan	PROPN	's	PART	's
The band consists of Jason Lytle (vocals, guitar, keyboards), Kevin Garcia (bass guitar), Aaron Burtch (drums), Jim Fairchild (guitar) and Tim Dryden (keyboards). After several self released records and cassettes, the band signed	signed	VERB	to	ADP	 to
SpongeBob SquarePants: The Best Day Ever is a concept soundtrack album by the voice cast members of SpongeBob SquarePants. Written by Kenny and musician and producer Andy Paley, it features musical cameos by Brian Wilson, Tommy Ramone, Flaco Jiménez, and others. The Best	Best	PROPN	Day	PROPN	 Day
Fox also stated that he tries to be inspired by all music he listens to, particularly those in video games. According to Fox, over 90% of the songs were composed specifically for the game. " Megalovania ", the song used during the boss battle	battle	NOUN	with	ADP	 with
Monty Norman was invited to write the soundtrack because Broccoli liked his work on the 1961 theatre production Belle, a musical about murderer Hawley Harvey Crippen. Norman was busy with musicals, and only accepted to do the music for Dr. No after Saltzman allowed him to travel	travel	VERB	along	ADP	 along
The full six meter (20 feet) thick walls of the new tower had a series of protected gun ports. The architect and sculptor Giorgio da Sebenico of Zadar continued the work on the Minčeta tower. He designed and built the high narrow round tower while the	the	DET	battlements	NOUN	 battlements
Flashing headlights (typically the high beams, flashed alternately) are known as a wig wag. In order to increase safety, it is best practice to have 360° coverage with the active warnings, improving the chance of the vehicle being seen from all sides.	.	PUNCT	In	ADP	 In
Mark Torbiner, the dental anesthesiologist who administered the drug, told GQ if sodium amytal was used, " it was for dental purposes. " Sodium amytal is a barbiturate that puts people in a hypnotic state when injected intravenously. Studies done in 1952 debunked the drug	drug	NOUN	as	ADP	 as
Hammerstein rewrote some of the book to expand the focus from Ta himself to the romantic relationships of the two couples. After the Boston tryouts, Flower Drum Song opened on Broadway at the St. James Theatre on December 1, 1958. Sets were designed by Oliver Smith	Smith	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
The weapons storage capacity was the highest in all of SAC, 10,247,882 NEW (Net Explosive Weight), and it was first in all of SAC in fuel storage capacity (9,193,374 gallons). Fuel was delivered to the base via a 200 mile pipeline to Searsport	Searsport	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
LaRouche supporters insisted that LaRouche was jailed, not for any violation of the law, but for his beliefs. LaRouche also alleged systematic government misconduct: The record shows, that for nearly thirty years, elements of the U.S. Department of Justice have been engaged in world	world	NOUN	wide	ADJ	 wide
In November 1944, the tops of Nagato's mainmast and funnel were removed to improve the arcs of fire for her anti aircraft guns. Nagato was equipped with four Gihon geared steam turbines, each of which drove one propeller shaft. The turbines were designed to produce	produce	VERB	a	DET	 a
On 7 March four No. 457 Squadron aircraft intercepted and shot down a Dinah about 15 miles (24 km) from Darwin. The entire wing intercepted a force of over 40 Japanese bombers and fighters that attacked Darwin on 15 March, shooting down eight raiders but	but	CCONJ	losing	VERB	 losing
As part of this change, Vietnam ceased to regard the United States as a long term foe and China as an imminent and dangerous enemy. In addition, official Vietnamese propaganda stopped labelling ASEAN as a " NATO type " organisation. To implement the new reforms,	,	PUNCT	Vietnam	PROPN	 Vietnam
Collins initially turned in a draft that contained 90,000 words, but the licensing at DreamWorks required the author to use only the dialogue from the film and no additional dialogue. Collins reluctantly edited the novelization down to 50,000 words and later said he regretted taking on the task	task	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
Around the same as her scripted rivalry with Layla, Eve became associated with Cryme Tyme (Shad and JTG), appearing in several backstage segments with them. She also began accompanying them to the ring as their manager during their storyline rivalry with The Hart Dynasty (	(	PUNCT	David	PROPN	David
She again played a troubled 1950s housewife, prompting Kenneth Turan to write that she was " essentially reprising her Far from Heaven role ". Moore said it was an " unfortunate coincidence " that the similar roles came at the same time, and claimed that the characters	characters	NOUN	had	VERB	 had
Aravan agrees to become the sacrificial victim for the Kalabbali (" sacrifice to the battlefield ") to ensure the victory of the Pandavas, his father, and his uncles. Before being sacrificed to goddess Kali, Aravan asks three boons from Krishna, the guide of	of	ADP	the	DET	 the
Norbert Leo Butz as Rowdy Kaise, the firm's associate and chief talent scout; He acts as a mentor to the new recruits. Kaiser has an arrogant personality and makes empty promises. Kaiser loves corn liquor and cashmere wool. Ben Lawson as Liam Priory,	,	PUNCT	a	DET	 a
The step from rationals to reals is a major extension. There are at least two popular ways to achieve this step, both published in 1872: Dedekind cuts and Cauchy sequences. Proofs that 0.999 … = 1 which directly use these constructions are not found in textbooks	textbooks	NOUN	on	ADP	 on
Because of the muddy subsoil of the site, work on the foundation continued past the work on the walls to 1581. In 1585, work on the first of the cathedral's chapels began and by 1615, the cathedral's walls reached to about half of their	their	PRON	final	ADJ	 final
It was released for the Xbox 360 on November 15, 2011. The release date marks the 10th anniversary of the original game's release. The remastered version of the original game includes online multiplayer and cooperative play functionality. The remake is also the first Halo game	game	NOUN	to	PART	 to
In the meantime, Bohr and Wheeler developed a theoretical treatment which they published in a September 1939 paper on " The Mechanism of Nuclear Fission ". Bohr read the 19th century Danish Christian existentialist philosopher, Søren Kierkegaard. Richard Rhodes argued in The Making of the Atomic	Atomic	PROPN	Bomb	PROPN	 Bomb
After the Celts moved in, and during their tenure (they had always remained only a small minority), the bulk of the population had begun acquiring the traits of archaeological cultures with a dominant Proto Germanic or Germanic component. In Europe the expansion of Rome and	and	CCONJ	the	DET	 the
" At Syfy.co.uk, the episode was listed as the seventh best episode in their list of the top 10 Buffy episodes, saying " This surreal episode marks the show's turning point, as it moved from a very well executed urban fantasy drama series to something more	more	ADV	creative	ADJ	 creative
His appearances throughout the country were like one continuous farewell matinée. At last his batting showed human fallibility. Often, especially at the start of the innings, he played where the ball wasn't, and spectators rubbed their eyes. Despite his waning powers, Bradman	Bradman	PROPN	compiled	VERB	 compiled
Meanwhile, Dwight Schrute (Rainn Wilson) finally receives his black belt in karate from his new sensei (Imperioli) and, on the recommendation of Jim Halpert (John Krasinski), is promoted to Regional Manager of the Scranton branch. Jim reconnects with Pam Halpert	Halpert	PROPN	(	PUNCT	 (
In a 24 hour period, 2.89 inches (73 mm) of rainfall was recorded at Glenwood on the island of Hawaii; this was the highest daily rainfall total for the month on the island. However, the heaviest precipitation fell on Mount Waiʻaleʻale on Kauai,	,	PUNCT	where	SCONJ	 where
On 1 April 2007, a 50th anniversary semi spoof edition of the programme was broadcast on BBC One, with Moore depicted as a Time Lord and featured special guests, amateur astronomers Jon Culshaw (impersonating Moore presenting the first The Sky at Night) and Brian May	May	PROPN	.	PUNCT	.
But, Harper's Bazaar wrote in June 1920 (vol. 55, no. 6, p. 138) - " Annette Kellerman Bathing Attire is distinguished by an incomparable, daring beauty of fit that always remains refined. " The following year, in June 1921	1921	NUM	(	PUNCT	 (
It would be a long seven years until victory. South Vietnam was a nation in turmoil both during and in the aftermath of the offensive. Tragedy had compounded tragedy as the conflict reached into the nation's cities for the first time. As government troops pulled back	back	ADV	to	PART	 to
" Irish musician Glen Hansard said it made him think about life with a greater depth of feeling, " with a greater sense of fear and horror and desire than you ever imagined. " Colin Larkin credited Morrison for fully realizing his ambition to " create without pop	pop	NOUN	's	PART	's
In total, approximately 300 people were taken away from the hospital. Later on 20 November, Šljivančanin and Colonel Nebojša Pavković informed the press that the JNA would provide buses to transport the wounded out of Vukovar. Instead, at about 10: 30, the buses	buses	NOUN	took	VERB	 took
Andy Taylor, who contracted a stomach virus serious enough to require hospitalization from accidentally drinking water in the lagoon during the shoot, describes the storyline as " Indiana Jones is horny and wants to get laid. " In the video, singer Simon Le Bon's head	head	NOUN	rises	VERB	 rises
Insects can usually move around an inactive Phaeacius, or even over its body or legs. However, if the insect moves between the spider's first pair of legs, Phaeacius lunges extremely quickly, driving its body upward 2 to 3 millimetres (0.079 to 0.118 in	in	ADV	)	PUNCT	)
Namath, who had a reasonably healthy season behind a poor offensive line, predicted the Jets would win their final six games. The first NFL regular season overtime victory, over the Giants at the Yale Bowl, and the usual large number of home games towards the	the	DET	end	NOUN	 end
In 2007, he co authored a training manual on sexual and reproductive health and rights and HIV prevention for medical students in Nigeria. The manual is currently being used in medical colleges in Nigerian universities. He has attended over 100 scientific conferences in more than 20 countries	countries	NOUN	and	CCONJ	 and
A new cell block, New Division, was completed in 1907 and occupied in 1908. Following another Royal Commission investigation 1911, there were some rapid changes in prison policy. A new superintendent with outside experience, Hugh Hann, was appointed, and supported by the	the	DET	newly	ADV	 newly
Known year to year variation within that period allows correlation with soil and sediment layers. Caesium 134, and to a lesser extent caesium 135, have also been used in hydrology as a measure of caesium output by the nuclear power industry. While they are less prevalent	prevalent	ADJ	than	ADP	 than
The video features references to horror cult films such as Saw and American Psycho and the supposedly haunted painting The Hands Resist Him. The Hand Resists Him is a painting created by artist Bill Stoneham in 1972, depicting a young boy and female doll standing in front of	of	ADP	a	DET	 a
In a graph from the U.S. Bureau of Labor Statistics in 2004, that compare the workload of married men and women between the ages of 25 54, women are displayed as performing one hundred percent more housework than men, and men are displayed as having more leisure	leisure	NOUN	time	NOUN	 time
While Hillcourt studied pharmacy in Copenhagen, he became more involved in Scouting. As a Scout leader, he became a Scoutmaster, national instructor, writer and then the editor for the Danish Scouting journal. He wrote his first book, The Island, recounting his early	early	ADJ	Scouting	PROPN	 Scouting
Toro Rosso's Max Verstappen was very unhappy with his team's strategy in the race handling the situation, repeatedly complaining and swearing over the team radio. He lost several seconds in a rushed pitstop, after which he lamented that he had wanted to pit before his	his	PRON	teammate	NOUN	 teammate
Finch left the sub governess Mrs Cotesworth in charge and returned grieving in November 1767, in time to care for the fifth addition to the nursery, Prince Edward. Lady Charlotte has been variously described by biographers as warm, competent, and kindly. As was typical	typical	ADJ	for	ADP	 for
The program allows citizens to receive trees from four to seven feet tall. They also give them fertilizer, and delivery, all at no cost. They encourage citizens to plant their trees to benefit their home by reducing air conditioning costs. Approximately more than 450,000 shade	shade	NOUN	trees	NOUN	 trees
However, Victoria quarrels with him fiercely for going over her head with Peel in the matter of her household. Soon after, when Victoria is fired upon by a would be assassin as they are riding in an open carriage, Albert throws himself across her and is	is	AUX	wounded	VERB	 wounded
Then, the train goes through an Immelmann loop. After going over an airtime hill, the train makes a banked right turn into the final brake run. The train makes a left turn into the brake run before entering the station. One cycle lasts just under	under	ADP	two	NUM	 two
Due to the game's day night cycle, different music was composed for morning, afternoon, evening and nighttime. The thirteen minute long final boss theme was meant to reference the title's numeral. Hamauzu wrote " Crimson Blitz ", the first piece of the	the	DET	score	NOUN	 score
The club's crest contains a stylised representation of the town's two most famous landmarks, Dover Castle and the white cliffs, enclosed in a circle bearing the club's name. The club's shirts have been sponsored by companies including Criccieth Homes, Paul Brown of	of	ADP	Dover	PROPN	 Dover
After the tournament, he ambushes host Chizuru Kagura and steals her powers, telling Iori Yagami he will be his next opponent. In The King of Fighters XI, the character teams up with Oswald and Shen Woo. At the game's end Ash leaves his teammates	teammates	NOUN	to	PART	 to
Visitors to Brook Farm came frequently, totaling an estimated 1,150 each year, though each was charged for their visit. Between November 1844 and October 1845, surviving records show that $425 was collected from visitor fees. The list of visitors included theologian Henry James,	,	PUNCT	Sr	PROPN	 Sr
The media enthusiastically covered the meeting and the events surrounding it, identifying her as a Satanist and romantically involved with LaVey. That meeting remained a much publicized and oft quoted event of her life, as well as the history of the Church of Satan. Additionally,	,	PUNCT	Karla	PROPN	 Karla
Route 54 heads east as two lane undivided Delmar Road, paralleling Barren Creek on the north toward the Delaware state line. After passing the stone marker indicating the intersection of the Transpeninsular Line with the southern end of the Mason – Dixon Line, the highway enters the	the	DET	southwest	ADJ	 southwest
Opining that the illustrations were " superior " due to Hergé's accumulated experience, he nevertheless criticised instances where the story exhibited directional problems; for instance, in one scene, Tintin enters the underground tunnel, but Assouline notes that while he is supposed to be travelling	travelling	VERB	downward	ADV	 downward
Smith said he would more than happy to, and went with Barbetta to his headquarters, about 10 miles (16 km) away in a village called Piancastagna. When Barbetta asked the Rhodesian his rank, Smith, deciding it would be too complicated to explain the	the	DET	air	NOUN	 air
Six forward tubes and 4 aft were ready for the 24 Mk 14 " fish " the subs carried. Cruising on the surface at 20 knots (using 4 diesel engines) or maneuvering underwater at 8 10 knots (using battery powered electric motors) they could circle	circle	VERB	around	ADP	 around
Because it was the location of the vernal equinox, it was called the " Indicator of the Reborn Sun ". During the times of the year when Aries was prominent, priests would process statues of Amon Ra to temples, a practice that was modified by Persian	Persian	ADJ	astronomers	NOUN	 astronomers
Originally set to be published by Disney Interactive Studios, it was the first attempt to create an open world game based on the Pirates of the Caribbean film franchise. The project was cancelled in October 2010, soon before the closure of Propaganda Games. Set before events	events	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
Using the Very Large Telescope to study the motions of about 300 planetary nebulae, it has been shown that M87 has absorbed a medium sized galaxy over the last billion years. The distinctive spectral properties of the planetary nebulae allowed astronomers to discover a chevron like structure in	in	ADP	M87	PROPN	 M87
Tessa Noël is a central character, who appeared in every episode of the first season of Highlander: The Series, and in the first four episodes of the second. After the character's death, she later returned for cameo appearances in the episodes " Counterfeit Part	Part	PROPN	Two	NUM	 Two
I'm an artist who happens to be a woman. – Louise Nevelson Louise Nevelson has been a fundamental key in the feminist art movement. Credited with triggering the examination of femininity in art, Nevelson challenged the vision of what type of art women would be creating	creating	VERB	with	ADP	 with
Lloyd played her part and frequently visited hospitals, including the Ulster Volunteer Force Hospital in Belfast, where she interacted with wounded servicemen. She also toured munitions factories to help boost public morale, but received no official recognition for her work. During 1914, she scored	scored	VERB	a	DET	 a
In the " making of " documentaries on the Ultimate Edition DVD release, director Michael Apted said that the scene was originally much longer than that. Originally, the pre credits sequence was to have ended with Bond's leap from the window and descent to the ground	ground	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
Slovenia participated for the first time, upsetting Slovakia in the round robin before losing to Sweden in the quarterfinals, for its best finish in any international tournament. Latvia upset Switzerland in the qualification playoffs, also making it to the Olympic quarterfinals for the first time,	,	PUNCT	where	SCONJ	 where
148 were of two or more races. The neighborhood had 8,169 housing units. Of the 7,401 occupied units, 3,573 were rental units and 3,828 were owner units. The Super Neighborhood had 3,518 families with a total of 9,521 individuals. River Oaks Super Neighborhood had a	a	DET	lower	ADJ	 lower
The producers had originally intended to end the programme in 2001 but pressure for another run meant it came back for one last series. Critics welcomed the decision to end the series and the final episode gained the highest viewing figure in the history of the programme, with	with	ADP	10.7	NUM	 10.7
In his final speech, McKinley urged reciprocity treaties with other nations to assure American manufacturers access to foreign markets. He intended the speech as a keynote to his plans for a second term. One man in the crowd, Leon Czolgosz, hoped to assassinate McKinley.	.	PUNCT	He	PRON	 He
Therefore, in order for objects to remain in existence, God must exist omnipresently. David Hume, in the mid 18th century, referred to the teleological argument in his A Treatise of Human Nature. Here, he appears to give his support to the argument from	from	ADP	design	NOUN	 design
Other public transport operators also offer intermittent discounts for using Octopus cards on higher fares and round trip transits on select routes. On 6 November 2005, Octopus Cards Limited launched Octopus Rewards, a program that allows cardholders to earn rewards at merchants that are partners in the	the	DET	program	NOUN	 program
The first segment is added when the hatchling sheds its skin for the first time. A new section is added each time the skin is shed until a rattle is formed. The rattle grows as the snake ages but segments are also prone to breaking off and hence	hence	ADV	the	DET	 the
By 1807, further investigation revealed two new objects in the region: 3 Juno and 4 Vesta. The burning of Lilienthal in the Napoleonic wars brought this first period of discovery to a close, and only in 1845 did astronomers detect another object (5 Astraea)	)	PUNCT	.	PUNCT	.
" Anne was not oblivious to this: Pepys wrote that she was jealous and chided James, but he also wrote that Anne and James were notorious for showing their affections publicly, kissing and leaning on each other. Pepys also wrote that when James fell in love	love	NOUN	with	ADP	 with
Deliveries were planned to start in late 1984 and be completed in 1990. The total cost of the F / A 18 program, including the aircraft, spare parts, other equipment and modifications to the RAAF's fighter bases, was calculated as A $2.427 billion	billion	NUM	in	ADP	 in
Janet remained interested in politics for the rest of the war and was always a harsh critic of Loyalists. After the war, former Continental Army general Horatio Gates proposed marriage to her, but she declined. In 1789, Janet stopped in New York City on her	her	PRON	way	NOUN	 way
As a member of Australian national sides, she has earned gold medals at the 2007 FINA Junior World Championships and 2011 Canada Cup, and a silver medal at the 2010 FINA Women's Water Polo World Cup. She is one of 17 players competing to earn 13	13	NUM	spots	NOUN	 spots
While the Jarrars and Zahir eventually concluded a truce, the former continued to mobilize the clans of Jabal Nablus to prevent Zahir's southward expansion. In 1738, Zahir's forces captured the fortress at Jiddin and the villages in its political orbit, Abu Snan and Tarshiha	Tarshiha	PROPN	.	PUNCT	.
The sudden activity peak in March did not culminate in a major eruption, and activity declined enough that the alert level was lowered to Yellow on May 3. On May 29, seismicity rapidly increased, and the alert level was restored to Orange because ash fell into	into	ADP	more	ADJ	 more
Several hours later, Howard busts a player called Pig, perhaps with a bluff, and the remaining players take a break. Following the break, Lady Fingers, who has been delighting in needling Howard all evening, takes over as dealer and continues to needle him	him	PRON	.	PUNCT	.
In 1990, Gibson contributed to " Visionary San Francisco ", an exhibition at the San Francisco Museum of Modern Art shown from June 14 to August 26. He wrote a short story, " Skinner's Room ", set in a decaying San Francisco in which	which	PRON	the	DET	 the
Despite Langdale's attempt to counter charge, the Royalists were soon outflanked. With the Parliamentarian musketeers firing into the rear of Langdale's force, the Royalists broke, some escaping via Holt Bridge and others running towards Chester. On Hoole Heath these retreating soldiers met with	with	ADP	part	NOUN	 part
The concept of bacon ice cream originated in a 1973 sketch on the British comedy series The Two Ronnies as a joke; however, it was eventually created for April Fools ' Day. Heston Blumenthal experimented with the creation of ice cream, making a custard similar to	to	ADP	scrambled	ADJ	 scrambled
Foxdenton Hall is a two storey Georgian mansion and former manor house, with an English garden wall bond exterior and its own private gardens. The original Hall was erected in the mid 15th century as a home for the Radclyffes, who had acquired the title of joint	joint	ADJ	Lords	PROPN	 Lords
Although it had been known previously to missionaries and residents by the name " mamba ". Which was already established in the vernacular, presumably borrowed from the Zulu language. In 1873, Wilhelm Peters described two subspecies: the nominotypical D.polylepis polylepis and also D.polylepis antinorii.	.	PUNCT	However	ADV	 However
Many objects and artifacts from the program are on display at various locations throughout the world, notably at the Smithsonian's Air and Space Museums. Skylab was the United States ' first and only independently built space station. Conceived in 1965 as a workshop to be constructed	constructed	VERB	in	ADP	 in
Traditionally these terms are specific to certain geographical areas although some may be used by a particular social group such as pax in the UK, used primarily by children attending private schools. To be functional a truce term must be understood and honoured by most of the children	children	NOUN	playing	VERB	 playing
A Royalist, Gilmour was rewarded following the Restoration of King Charles II, becoming Lord President of the Court of Session in 1661. He remodelled the west range to provide more modern accommodation in the 1660s, but in the early 18th century, the Gilmours left the	the	DET	castle	NOUN	 castle
She and a team of quarian soldiers were sent to investigate a star aging faster than usual and are under attack by a geth patrol that spotted their activity. After Shepard eliminates the attacking geth and meets her in the bunker in which she had been trapped with her	her	PRON	equipment	NOUN	 equipment
Rita takes her children Astor (Christina Robinson) and Cody (Preston Bailey) to see Paul (Mark Pellegrino) in prison. He insists that he was framed by Dexter — that Dexter dragged him out of Rita's house before drugging him and tipping off the	the	DET	police	NOUN	 police
It is one of the largest stars discovered to have a planetary companion. The Triangulum Galaxy, also known as Messier 33, was discovered by Giovanni Battista Hodierna in the 17th century. A distant member of the Local Group, it is about 2.3 million light years	years	NOUN	away	ADV	 away
It was then put aside so that the composer could concentrate on his third opera Dalibor. Smetana evidently did not begin the orchestral scoring of The Bartered Bride until, following the successful performance of The Brandenburgers in January 1866, the management of the Provisional Theatre decided to	to	PART	stage	VERB	 stage
NY 284 crosses over the waterway, entering Wawayanda and connecting to CR 93 (Lime Kiln Road) just north of the town line. From CR 93, the highway runs northeastward across open, rolling terrain, following an active part of the MNJ Railroad to the	the	DET	hamlet	NOUN	 hamlet
Molina led the team and was sixth in the NL with a.340 batting average with runners in scoring position. For the season, he successfully caught 35% of opposing baserunners, still higher than the league average of 27%. He led all MLB with seven pickoffs	pickoffs	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
Delegates denied recognition to the Council of Regency in Spain and established a junta to govern in place of Cisneros, since the government that had appointed him Viceroy no longer existed. To maintain a sense of continuity, Cisneros was initially appointed president of the Junta. However	However	ADV	,	PUNCT	,
By 1909, however, the railroad had circumnavigated Lower Klamath Lake directly to Klamath Falls. The steamboat line fell into disuse — and much of Lower Klamath Lake was later drained and filled in. In the early 1910s and 1920s, logging was a growing industry on	on	ADP	the	DET	 the
" In Italy, " Elastic Heart " impacted contemporary hit radio on 9 January 2015. " Elastic Heart " debuted at number 8 on the ARIA Singles Chart on the chart issue dated 19 January 2015. The following week, the song rose to number 5.	.	PUNCT	The	DET	 The
As a result, Orton punted DiBiase in the head, putting him out of action; this storyline was put in place in order for DiBiase to take time off to film The Marine 2. Orton then invited Rhodes and Manu to form a group with him called	called	VERB	The	DET	 The
After the carrier Formidable arrived on 9 March to relieve Illustrious, orders were cancelled that would have transferred Eagle to the South Atlantic to hunt for German commerce raiders and the ship did not leave Alexandria until 9 April. In the meantime, both Swordfish squadrons were transferred	transferred	VERB	to	ADP	 to
Homer says that, since taking Focusyn, Bart has gone " from Goofus to Gallant ", a reference to the characters Goofus and Gallant from the children's magazine Highlights. When Lou sketches Bart based on Homer and Marge's description he ends up drawing Dennis from	from	ADP	the	DET	 the
Szabó came from a family of Jews who had converted to Catholicism, but were considered Jews by the Arrow Cross Party (Hungarian Nazis). They were forced to separate and hide in Budapest sometime between October 1944, when Nazi Germany occupied Hungary and installed the Arrow	Arrow	PROPN	Cross	PROPN	 Cross
He retired from active service on 1 July 1950, and received a tombstone promotion to the rank of rear admiral. Raymond Dumbell {Sic} (Ray) Tarbuck was born in Philadelphia on 4 May 1897. His middle name caused him embarrassment and was seldom used	used	VERB	,	PUNCT	,
However, some larger artists are unable to do so. Neversoft director Brian Bright states that they do not expect to acquire songs from Pink Floyd and Prince due to such reasons. With the pending release of The Beatles: Rock Band, Pink Floyd is also in	in	ADP	active	ADJ	 active
In Canada, where the episode also aired on March 31, 2011, it was watched by 3.18 million viewers. Viewership again increased on " This is How We Do It, " which attained 2.63 million viewers. However, while the preceding episode was the most	most	ADV	viewed	VERB	 viewed
The main Live portion of the game received mixed reviews, with critics panning its weak soundtrack, lack of multiplayer, and describing the live action footage as being self aware, exaggerated, and " campy ". The GHTV mode also received mixed reception for its reliance	reliance	NOUN	on	ADP	 on
Played by Amy Madigan (seasons 1 – 2 main cast), Erin Sanders (as child, Irina Belyakov) (seasons 1 recurring cast) – Further information: Genealogy Iris Crowe is the older sister of Brother Justin and a devoted supporter of his ministry duties	duties	NOUN	in	ADP	 in
Victorville, founded by the Santa Fe Railroad to take advantage of water along the Mojave River, and for most of its history home to George Air Force Base, was the second fastest growing city in the United States for July 2006 to July 2007. Although US	US	PROPN	395	NUM	 395
Before they accepted this job, they were told that Jay Kogen and Wallace Wolodarsky were leaving The Simpsons, and then joined the writing staff on a permanent basis in 1992, in the third season of that show. They began as story editors. They were initially	initially	ADV	quiet	ADJ	 quiet
He also stressed Hardin's association with Tate; Hardin had been the state's attorney general when Tate absconded, and the two were known to be friends. He denounced free silver and again called for a high protective tariff. He blamed Democratic President Cleveland for the	the	DET	national	ADJ	 national
Heavy rainfall flooded streets and subways in New York. In Connecticut, Doria produced up to 3.12 inches (79 mm) of rain and wind gusts peaking at 48 mph (77 km / h) in Hartford. Doria dropped light rain in Rhode Island, including	including	VERB	a	DET	 a
On the next play, Dee Hart made the final score 49 – 0 with his six yard touchdown run. The victory improved Alabama's all time record against the Mocs to 12 – 0. In the final regular season game the 2013 season, Alabama lost 34	34	NUM	–	PUNCT	 –
It ended at the thirty fifth position on the year end chart. In the United States, it was released on 6 May 1997. The song set a record on the Billboard Hot 100, when it debuted on 24 May 1997 at number five, with sales	sales	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
Indofood is the largest instant noodle producer in the world. Indomie brand by Indofood is one of the Indonesia's best known global brand. Of the world's 500 largest companies measured by revenue in 2014, the Fortune Global 500, two are headquartered in Indonesia i.e.	i.e.	X	Pertamina	PROPN	 Pertamina
, and Tinieblas, Jr. in a six man tag team match. This match was one of the early results of a working relationship between the WWF and AAA that had been created in late 1996. The relationship saw Negro make an appearance in January against Perro Aguayo	Aguayo	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
The song was first released for a Barceló TV commercial. After " Como Abeja al Panal " was released as a single and achieved success, Guerra continued working on bachata music, which served as a key element in Bachata Rosa. Silvestre explained the name of the	the	DET	title	NOUN	 title
The majority of the rejected ballots were " No " votes, in proportion to the majority of the valid votes in those districts. Two Deputy Returning Officers were charged by the DGEQ with violating elections laws, but in 1996 were found not guilty (a decision upheld	upheld	VERB	by	ADP	 by
After decommissioning in mid 1919, she was briefly in cargo service out of Baltimore and New York before being laid up in Norfolk, Virginia. West Ekonk was reactivated for cargo service out of Los Angeles in early 1924. By 1926, she was sailing out of	of	ADP	New	PROPN	 New
GM estimates that the Volt batteries will degrade by 10 to 30% after 8 years or 100,000 miles. GM has applied for a patent that may allow technicians to quickly and cheaply recover some of the performance of degraded battery packs. The Volt ’ s battery management	management	NOUN	system	NOUN	 system
She was named the OCAA's most valuable player, but Seneca settled for the silver medal after losing the OCAA finals. Leading the OCAA with 30 points in 10 games in 1983 – 84, James carried Seneca College to its first championship. She was named an	an	DET	all	DET	 all
The design was a finalist in the USAF's Advanced Tactical Fighter competition, and two prototypes were built for the demonstration / validation phase of the competition. The YF 22 won the contest against the Northrop YF 23, and entered production as the Lockheed Martin F 22	22	NUM	Raptor	PROPN	 Raptor
They traded in textiles, gold and jewellery, where the market was traditionally dominated by Burmese women. The Chettiars of Burma functioned as moneylenders and have been thought crucial in the growth in agricultural output of Burma during the colonial era. Today, many Indians live in	in	ADP	central	ADJ	 central
" In the context of the Pistols ' album title, the term does in fact primarily signify " nonsense ". Steve Jones off handedly came up with the title as the band debated what to call the album. An exasperated Jones said, " Oh, fuck	fuck	VERB	it	PRON	 it
After his final Test match appearance, Headley's only other first class match was in the Commonwealth XI fixture in 1954, when he scored 64 in his final first class innings. In a career total of 103 first class games he aggregated 9,921 runs at 69.86,	,	PUNCT	with	ADP	 with
At Exit 145, the route encounters the eastern terminus of Highway 7, which travels southwest to Peterborough, Ontario and the GTA and provides an alternative route to Highway 401 via Highway 416. Highway 417 makes a broad 90 degree curve to the north to meet with	with	ADP	the	DET	 the
The nearby Franciscan Convent purchased a plot of land adjacent to their own in 1858, and St George's Church was opened in April 1860, to replace the chapel of the same dedication. The chapel building was subsequently let out for various uses, and known as	as	ADP	"	PUNCT	 "
The team replaced Mariucci with Dennis Erickson in February 2003. Before the 2003 NFL season, Stokes, who at the end of 2002 had been struggling to hold on to the third receiver position, was signed by the Jacksonville Jaguars. Streets started every game for the	the	DET	2003	NUM	 2003
Also in Munster, an unstressed short vowel is not reduced to schwa if the following syllable contains a stressed / iː / or / uː /, e.g. ealaí / aˈl ̪ ˠiː / (' art '), bailiú / bˠaˈlʲuː / (' gather ')	)	PUNCT	.	PUNCT	.
Tommy and Ruth's relationship ends. In the third and final act, 10 years later, Kathy is still working as a carer, and has watched many clones gradually die as their organs are harvested. Kathy, who has not seen Ruth or Tommy since the	the	DET	farm	NOUN	 farm
Before his collarbone injury, Armstrong was considered an overall favorite, and it was also noted that three time trials, including the insertion of an unusually long time trial mid race, might favor him. Pre race analysis noted that Armstrong, when on his best form	form	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
Instead, he maintained, " the British fleet should be as compact as possible, in order to take the critical moment of an advantage opening... " Others criticise Hood because he " did not wholeheartedly aid his chief ", and that a lesser officer " would	would	AUX	have	AUX	 have
Wells asked Dodge " if he had behaved like a soldier. " Dodge responded, " Yes, Wells, like a brave one. " Wells then said to the commander, " Send that word to my old father, " and died a short time later	later	ADV	.	PUNCT	.
With subsidiaries in Germany, the UK and the US, the company also sells sheet music; provides ready made production music for television, radio and audio visual use; commissions and produces music for radio, television and advertising; and administers copyrights owned by media companies	companies	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
His regiment first served garrison duty in Strasbourg, but in December 1793, participated in the Battle of Wissembourg. In May 1794, Gazan became a battalion commander of the new 54th Demi Brigade. On 4 July, he routed the Prussians in Kuppenheim by ordering his	his	PRON	drummers	NOUN	 drummers
In March 1949, Wesley Rose requested Williams to send him the records by Griffin and Miller to prove that the song was in the public domain. Irving Mills, the original lyricist, sued Acuff Rose. The suit was settled on November 1, 1949 and it	it	PRON	was	AUX	 was
In Blyton's 1944 novel The Island of Adventure, a black servant named Jo Jo is very intelligent, but is particularly cruel to the children. Accusations of xenophobia were also made. As George Greenfield observed, " Enid was very much part of that between the	the	DET	wars	NOUN	 wars
In 1842 and 1844 the first children were born on the island. Then in 1847 Poole, Dawson and Foulis, bitter at failing to obtain a land lease from the New South Wales Government, abandoned the settlement although three of their employees remained. One family,	,	PUNCT	the	DET	 the
In 1139 Foliot was elected Abbot of Gloucester, blessed by the diocesan bishop on 11 June 1139. The appointment had been pushed through by Foliot's relative, Miles of Gloucester, who was by then the Earl of Hereford. Foliot was well connected at court in	in	ADP	other	ADJ	 other
The market for replica shirts has grown enormously, with the revenue generated for leading clubs and the frequency with which they change designs coming under increased scrutiny, especially in the United Kingdom, where the market for replicas is worth in excess of £200 m. Several clubs	clubs	NOUN	have	AUX	 have
He is a member of Kappa Kappa Psi honorary band fraternity. Upon graduation, he won a Rhodes Scholarship to University College, Oxford where he studied Philosophy, Politics and Economics, though because he had switched programs and had left early for Yale University, he did	did	AUX	not	PART	 not
His relationship with Solidus is explored when he remembers his past; when about to be killed by Solidus, Raiden is saved by Snake. The game's novelization by Raymond Benson provides minor modifications to Raiden's history, except for the moment he receives Olga's sword	sword	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
We wish you much success in your deliberations at this important event. " The Communist Party of the Russian Federation stated, " Under the leadership of the Communist Party of Viet Nam, the Socialist Republic of Viet Nam has successfully carried out adopted policies. The industrious	industrious	ADJ	Vietnamese	ADJ	 Vietnamese
After arriving in Greece, Kilkis became the flagship of the Greek fleet. At the outbreak of World War I in July 1914, Greece's pro German monarch, Constantine I, decided to remain neutral. The Entente powers landed troops in Salonika in 1915, which	which	PRON	was	AUX	 was
He thus renovated the Torah to the Children of Israel. Ibn Kathir mentions that the sign in the phrase " And that We may make of thee a sign unto the people " was that he was younger than his children. After this miracle, Ibn Kathir writes	writes	VERB	that	SCONJ	 that
In 1902, Garran married Hilda Robson. Together they would have four sons, Richard (born 1903), John (1905), Andrew (1906) and Isham Peter (1910). At this time the family lived in Melbourne, and the boys all	all	PRON	attended	VERB	 attended
To help preserve the dark skies at Cherry Springs State Park, Tri County Rural Electric company installs light shielding caps on outdoor lights at local homes for free. In 2001 the Pennsylvania General Assembly passed the " Outdoor Lighting Control Act ", which both established the park	park	NOUN	as	ADP	 as
Long term plans also call for HOV lanes to run from Brock Road to Harmony Road, though no planning has commenced. However, there has been an environmental assessment on widening highway 401, extending the collector express system east towards Salem Road in Ajax and to 10	10	NUM	lanes	NOUN	 lanes
" As the Liberals had lost NDP support in the house by refusing to accept an NDP plan to prevent health care privatization, the no confidence motion was passed by a vote of 171 – 133. It was the first time that a Canadian government had been toppled	toppled	VERB	by	ADP	 by
In this way the stiff cuticle acts like the elastic of a catapult, or the bow of a bow and arrow. Energy is put into the store at low power by slow but strong muscle contraction, and retrieved from the store at high power by rapid relaxation	relaxation	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
In a cable to the MCC, the Australian Board of Control repeated the allegation of poor sportsmanship directed at Warner by Woodfull. With the support of the MCC, England continued with Bodyline despite Australian protests. The tourists won the last three Tests convincingly and regained the	the	DET	Ashes	PROPN	 Ashes
Structured, at times, as a nonlinear narrative, the story skips through space, time and plot. In the same manner, entire scenes and dialogue have parallels with others through synchronicity, coincidence and repeated imagery. A commercial success, Watchmen has received critical acclaim	acclaim	NOUN	both	CCONJ	 both
[3] Foster's songs were typical of the minstrel era in their unabashed sentimentality, and in their acceptance of slavery. Nevertheless, Foster did more than most songwriters of the period to humanize the blacks he composed about, such as in " Nelly Was a	a	DET	Lady	PROPN	 Lady
LocoRoco is divided into 5 worlds each consisting of 8 levels. In each level, the goal is to reach the end point of the level, with the player scored on the number of LocoRoco found, the time to complete the level, and other factors.	.	PUNCT	There	PRON	 There
The communications delay between Earth and Mars can vary between five and twenty minutes depending upon the relative positions of the two planets. As a consequence of this, if a robot on the surface of Mars were to encounter a problem, its human controllers would not be	be	AUX	aware	ADJ	 aware
The film and her performance received positive critical reviews. Sukanya Verma of Rediff.com called the film " absolutely riveting ", and also lauded Koechlin saying, " There ’ s something stunningly unhindered about Kalki and her aura. She uses this quality in the most mesmeric fashion	fashion	NOUN	to	PART	 to
The hurricane produced 10 ft (3.0 m) waves along south facing beaches. Upon passing through the Leeward Islands, a weather station on Tern Island recorded winds of 34 mph (55 km / h) with gusts of 50 mph (80 km / h)	)	PUNCT	,	PUNCT	,
The movie consists of a series of teenagers who are introduced, haunted by nightmares and then slashed to death by Freddy. So what? Are we supposed to be scared? Is the sudden clanging chord supposed to evoke a fearful Pavlovian response? ". On January	January	PROPN	5	NUM	 5
Her intended crew consisted of 28 officers and 754 enlisted men, although she carried 928 crewmen during the Battle of Tsushima. The ship was powered by two 4 cylinder vertical triple expansion steam engines, each driving one propeller shaft, using steam generated by 20 Belleville boilers	boilers	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
Coin portraits of Offa have been described as " showing a delicacy of execution which is unique in the whole history of the Anglo Saxon coinage ". The depictions of Offa on the coins include a " striking and elegant " portrait showing him with his hair in voluminous	voluminous	ADJ	curls	NOUN	 curls
She enlisted twelve maids to help her unravel the shroud at night and spy on the suitors. Odysseus eventually returned but in disguise. Penelope recognised him immediately and instructed her maids not to reveal his identity. After the suitors were massacred, Odysseus instructed Telemachus to execute	execute	VERB	the	DET	 the
Off southern Africa, the short tail stingray is rare in shallow water and most often found over offshore banks at a depth of 180 to 480 m (590 to 1,570 ft). On the other hand, off Australia and New Zealand it is found from the	the	DET	intertidal	ADJ	 intertidal
Passions followed the romantic and supernatural adventures in the fictional New England coastal town of Harmony. Created by the soap's head writer, James E. Reilly, Eve was played by Tracey Ross for the series ' entire run. In 2003, Amanda Maiden and Kimberly Kevon	Kevon	PROPN	Williams	PROPN	 Williams
There are thought to be between 20,000 and 60,000 members of fundamentalist sects, (0.1 – 0.4 percent of Mormons), with roughly half of them practicing polygamy. There are a number of fundamentalist sects, the largest two being the Fundamentalist Church of Jesus Christ of	of	ADP	Latter	PROPN	 Latter
Vieira rounded the goalkeeper and scored. The team, dubbed " The Invincibles " did not achieve similar dominance in Europe; Arsenal were beaten by Chelsea in the quarter finals of the Champions League over two legs. Bergkamp committed himself to Arsenal at the end of the	the	DET	season	NOUN	 season
Melt Eclectic Cafe offers a vegan 3 way. The history of Cincinnati chili shares many factors in common with the apparently independent but simultaneous development of the Coney Island hot dog in other areas of the United States. " Virtually all " were developed by Greek or Macedonian	Macedonian	PROPN	immigrants	NOUN	 immigrants
" However, Christine Caruana of Loud Online said, " [It] is very much typical of its genre. Lyrics filled with standard teenage angst, fast, distorted guitars and heavy, yet boring, drum fills to imitate a metal sound. " While Dan	Dan	PROPN	Rankin	PROPN	 Rankin
Calabria was built at the La Spezia dockyard, with her keel being laid down in February 1892. She was launched on 20 September 1894, and fitting out work was completed by mid 1897; the new cruiser was commissioned into the Regia Marina (Royal Navy)	)	PUNCT	on	ADP	 on
As an exception to the retired number policy, MLB in 2007 began honoring Robinson by allowing players to wear number 42 on April 15, Jackie Robinson Day, which is now an annual observance. For the 60th anniversary of Robinson's major league debut, MLB invited	invited	VERB	players	NOUN	 players
In a March 2010 interview, he said that the label " gave me the parts and let me do whatever I want, so I've been doing it on my laptop on tour. [I'm] only using [Gil's] vocals, I'm	'm	AUX	not	PART	 not
Events elsewhere in the country further delayed the execution and, following an intercession to Thomas Cromwell (whose own informal contacts had cast doubt on the reliability of Dutton's reports), the abbot and canons were discharged and awarded pensions. The abbey was made uninhabitable,	,	PUNCT	the	DET	 the
During the season, Princeton swept defending Ivy League champion Cornell. Mavraides scored 25 including 5 three point shots, but Princeton lost to Harvard at Lavietes Pavilion on March 5 and giving them a split of the season series. Princeton fell a half game behind Harvard who	who	PRON	clinched	VERB	 clinched
On top of the stone is a shallow bowl which was used for offerings of wine or blood or perhaps to burn incense. " As well as Pagan worship, there is also evidence of early Christian worship. In the 1970s, a fragment of 2nd century "	"	PUNCT	word	NOUN	 word
William, the third earl, died in early 1148 while on crusade and the earldom and estates passed to William's daughter Isabel, whom King Stephen of England married to the king's second son, William. Reginald continued to serve the new earl and also began	began	VERB	to	PART	 to
The short lived but intense tornado struck without warning and caused three deaths and 500 injuries. The storm, rated F4 on the Fujita scale, also caused more than $400 million in property damage along an 11.3 mile (18.2 km) path, and ranks as	as	ADP	the	DET	 the
She has said the story is a metaphor for her own failed love affairs and that " I had kind of got the idea that there's not going to be some fabulous perfect soulmate out there for me, so I'll just make him up. " She	She	PRON	also	ADV	 also
" His public speeches were adequate and informative, but never " of a sort to arouse a warm feeling for John Sherman, the man. " Unlike Blaine or Conkling, Sherman " communicated no colorful personality, no magnetic current. " His nickname, " the	the	DET	Ohio	PROPN	 Ohio
This change was heralded by the arrival of spouge, a popular national genre that reflects Barbadian heritage and African origins; spouge helped kindle a resurgence in national pride, and became viewed as Barbados ' answer to the popular Caribbean genres reggae and calypso from Jamaica and Trinidad	Trinidad	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
The request was denied on 15 March, and the JNA came under the control of Serbian President Slobodan Milošević. Milošević, preferring a campaign to expand Serbia rather than the preservation of Yugoslavia, publicly threatened to replace the JNA with a Serbian army and declared that he	he	PRON	no	ADV	 no
The Office ranked fourth in its timeslot, being beaten by an episode of the CBS police procedural Person of Interest which received a 2.9 / 8 percent rating, an entry of the ABC series Grey's Anatomy which received a 2.6 / 7 percent rating, and an	an	DET	installment	NOUN	 installment
External changes included the shock wave exhaust tips and grilles and new HID Xenon adaptive projector headlamps. The control panel changes included a new ' Oracle Dash ' with upgraded trip computer, tire pressure monitors and fuel statistics; the center console was reworked, introducing the Holden	Holden	PROPN	touchscreen	ADJ	 touchscreen
In terms of distribution, researchers calculates sugarcane ethanol ’ s transport energy requirement to be.44 GJ per cubic meter, thus one hectare of land would require 2.82 GJ of energy for successful transport and distribution. After taking all three sectors into account, the EROEI (Energy	Energy	PROPN	Return	PROPN	 Return
In Egypt Darius built many temples and restored those that had previously been destroyed. Even though Darius was a Zoroastrian, he built temples dedicated to the Gods of the Ancient Egyptian religion. Several temples found were dedicated to Ptah and Nekhbet. Darius also created several roads	roads	NOUN	and	CCONJ	 and
On February 21, 1998, the local organization's petition was approved by the national with a charter as the Theta Psi chapter. Alpha Xi Delta initially occupied the house currently home to Beta Theta Pi, until it was announced in 2008 that Beta was repossessing the	the	DET	house	NOUN	 house
SHANGHAI) and MARY ANN (nee PUGH bn. ENGLAND) AND MARRIED FOR A TIME TO ELIZABETH (STEWART) IN EDINBURGH 29 – 6 – 1917 A man of all trades, Pte. Sing was awarded the Distinguished Conduct Medal for conspicuous gallantry, the Belgian	Belgian	ADJ	Croux	PROPN	 Croux
The stories, which are sophisticated fairy tales, focus on the power of women and are set in the same alternate history as Clarke's debut novel Jonathan Strange & Mr Norrell (2004), in which magic has returned to England. The stories are written in	in	ADP	a	DET	 a
Illini wideout Arrelious Benn (Biletnikoff, Walter Camp Player of the Year, Maxwell) and Ohio State quarterback Terrelle Pryor (Manning, Maxwell, Davey O'Brien) appear on three different watch lists. Players appearing on two lists include Iowa offensive tackle Bryan Bulaga, Michigan	Michigan	PROPN	running	VERB	 running
In 2013, it was announced that Marble Hornets would become a feature film. In 2015, the film adaptation, Always Watching: A Marble Hornets Story, was released on VOD. In 2016, Sony Pictures subsidiary Screen Gems partnered with Mythology Entertainment to bring a	a	DET	Slender	PROPN	 Slender
As a consequence of the race, Webber's third place finish allowed him to increase his lead in the World Drivers ' Championship. Alonso's victory allowed him to move up into second place, eleven points behind Webber. Hamilton's retirement meant that he slipped to	to	ADP	third	ADJ	 third
" Jon O'Brien from Allmusic reviewed her box set Kylie: The Albums 2000 – 2010 and stated " Kylie has yet to make that one essential album, and the going through the motions nature of her later releases suggests her time may have passed, but this box	box	NOUN	set	VERB	 set
" Clayton agreed that the album's commercial reception must be " challenged " but said, " the more interesting challenge is, ' What is rock ' n ' roll in this changing world? ' Because, to some extent, the concept of the music fan	fan	NOUN	—	PUNCT	 —
Chinese attempts to confiscate a €6.95 million villa in Cannes, bought and held for Bo through intermediaries, are ongoing. After Bo was jailed, the aftermath of the events set off by the Wang Lijun incident continued to reverberate across the Chinese political landscape. Xi	Xi	PROPN	Jinping	PROPN	 Jinping
There was some aspect of service parochialism, and Parsons believed that involvement in the Manhattan Project would be important for the future of the Navy, but it was also due to the difficulty of getting highly skilled people from any source in wartime. Parsons simply found it	it	PRON	easiest	ADJ	 easiest
Mother 3 was later announced in 2003 to have restarted development for the Game Boy Advance handheld console in a Japanese commercial for Mother 1 + 2. Itoi had earlier assumed that restarting the project was impossible but later decided to continue following encouragement from the Mother fanbase.	.	PUNCT	Nintendo	PROPN	 Nintendo
Unsatisfied with Hutton, Arthurs invited and auditioned acquaintance Liam Gallagher as a replacement. Liam suggested that the band name be changed to Oasis. This change was inspired by an Inspiral Carpets tour poster that hung in the Gallagher brothers ' bedroom. One of the venues the	the	DET	poster	NOUN	 poster
She could also carry 120 mines. The conning tower had 75 mm (3.0 in) thick sides, and the deck was covered with up to 80 mm (3.1 in) thick armor plate. Following her commissioning, Pillau was assigned to the II Scouting Group	Group	PROPN	.	PUNCT	.
Martí and Ernst state in their work Volcanoes and the Environment that they believe that many who survived the lahars succumbed to their injuries as they were trapped, or contracted hypothermia – though the latter is unlikely, given that survivors described the water as warm. Another lahar	lahar	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
By March, Wright and Cornish turned in a fifth draft of the script, amid alleged disputes on the direction the script was taking. As well, Wright and Cornish wrote a scene intended for the post credits of Avengers: Age of Ultron that would have acted	acted	VERB	as	ADP	 as
This new palace was Charles Garnier's Second Empire casino, completed in 1878 (Illustration 16). The first Monaco casino had opened the previous decade. Through the casino Monaco became self supporting. By the time of Charles III's death in 1889, Monaco and	and	CCONJ	Monte	PROPN	 Monte
However, the authors re interpreted the Dossiers Secrets in the light of their own interest in undermining the Roman Catholic Church's institutional reading of Judeo Christian history. Contrary to Plantard's initial Franco Israelist claim that the Merovingians were only descended from the Tribe of Benjamin,	,	PUNCT	they	PRON	 they
However, he described actor William B. Davis as " an extremely competent actor ", noting the character's increasing popularity. " Tooms " premiered on the Fox network on April 22, 1994, and was first broadcast in the United Kingdom on BBC Two on February	February	PROPN	16	NUM	 16
After letting his men beat him into submission, Luthor stabs Superman with a Kryptonite shard and leaves him to die. With Richard's help, Lois gets him to safety and removes the shard. Fueled by the sun's radiation, Superman defeats Luthor's gang and	and	CCONJ	covers	VERB	 covers
As a result, full world championship status was given to the IIHF World Under 20 Championship, which had been held annually since 1974 as an unofficial invitational tournament. Colloquially known as the World Junior Hockey Championship, the event was structured after the World Championships, but	but	CCONJ	limited	VERB	 limited
" Pilot " was executive produced by Joss Whedon, Jed Whedon, Maurissa Tancharoen, Jeffrey Bell and Jeph Loeb. Joss Whedon said that his previous television shows were based on ensembles, with S.H.I.E.L.D. being based in part on the Buffy the Vampire Slayer episode " The	The	DET	Zeppo	PROPN	 Zeppo
She had decided to release " Angel " as the initial single from the album, but changed her mind, after the recording of the title track " Like a Virgin " was complete. " Angel " was ultimately released as the third single, and included the	the	DET	song	NOUN	 song
Like many of his countrymen, Słowacki decided to stay in France as a political refugee. In 1832 he published his first collections of poems and his first two dramas (Mindowe and Maria Stuart). He also met Mickiewicz again; reportedly, Mickiewicz approached his younger	younger	ADJ	colleague	NOUN	 colleague
Study requires reading books found in the game, some of which will immediately raise a skill when read. Weaponry skills (viz. Short Blade, Long Blade, Axe, Spear, etc.) affect the character's chance to hit. Armor skills (viz	viz	ADJ	.	PUNCT	.
It was the only idea I had, I liked it, and I knew there was no way it would be approved if I pitched it. So I just wrote it and never told the people I was writing it for. I only told Spike Jonze,	,	PUNCT	as	SCONJ	 as
On 13 December 1974, drug suppression and anti hijacking protection were added to the missions of the 42d Military Police Group. On 1 June 1976, relieved from it assignment to 15th MP Brigade, the 42nd MP Group was reassigned to US Army Europe and Seventh Army	Army	PROPN	and	CCONJ	 and
Comic Book Bin wrote that while Rozen Maiden was not a splendid manga, its emphasis on psychology and emotion was something American comics should follow to expand their readership. Active Anime praised several aspects of the series: the combination of mystery, comedy, and cuteness with	with	ADP	a	DET	 a
Gygax's early work for Troll Lord included a series of hardcover books that eventually came to be called " Gygax Fantasy Worlds ", which included The Canting Crew (2002), a look at the roguish underworld, and World Builder (2003) and Living Fantasy	Fantasy	PROPN	(	PUNCT	 (
A vaguely humanoid and luminous silhouette appears in the flat, surprising both the Doctor and Rose but delighting Jackie before disappearing. TV broadcasts confirm that this is a worldwide phenomenon and Jackie explains that a few months previously millions of ghosts began appearing all over the world.	.	PUNCT	Humans	NOUN	 Humans
These tests were conducted by the Czech National Anti Doping Agency with assistance of the World Anti Doping Agency. Testing costs for the program were CHF 1.5 million. As of 25 February, a total of 90,000 spectators had attended the championships. Prior to the championships,	,	PUNCT	there	PRON	 there
In the Navy, the number of enlisted Filipinos peaked at more than 5,700 by the end of the war. Several thousand Chinese, Japanese, Korean, Vietnamese, and Filipinos eventually served in the U.S. military during World War I; they were later allowed to become	become	VERB	naturalized	VERB	 naturalized
In the south of the city, the Whitworth Art Gallery displays modern art, sculpture and textiles and was recently voted Museum of the Year in 2015. Other exhibition spaces and museums in Manchester include Islington Mill in Salford, the National Football Museum at Urbis, Castlefield	Castlefield	PROPN	Gallery	PROPN	 Gallery
" This view remains the subject of dispute. Writing in 2001, legal scholar Richard Posner described Uncle Tom's Cabin as part of the mediocre list of canonical works that emerges when political criteria are imposed on literature. Uncle Tom's Cabin has exerted an influence equaled	equaled	VERB	by	ADP	 by
He also served as a judge for the papacy and defended the cathedral chapter in two disputes over the chapter's rights. When the Braose family fled England in 1208, with Giles going to France and William going to Ireland, Mapenor left also, going to Ireland	Ireland	PROPN	where	SCONJ	 where
" Unruhe " premiered on the Fox network on October 27, 1996. This episode earned a Nielsen rating of 11.7, with an 18 share, meaning that roughly 11.7 percent of all television equipped households, and 18 percent of households watching television, were tuned in	in	ADP	to	ADP	 to
Tokiwa returned to Truk on 14 July, and reoccupied Makin Atoll the following month after the Makin Raid. The ship returned home in 1943 and began to lay defensive minefields in 1944. She was moderately damaged by a mine in April 1945 and struck an American mine	mine	NOUN	two	NUM	 two
CargoNet and Cargolink operate freight trains along the line. CargoNet hauls using Vossloh Euro, while Cargolink uses Di 6 locomotives, respectively. Politicians have signalized that they want to electrify the tracks from Trondheim to Steinkjer along with the Meråker Line. NSB will need to replace	replace	VERB	the	DET	 the
It is used when the matrix clause and the subordinate clause have different subjects. It is often used in appositional phrases such as relative clauses. atuar toq taku ara " I saw her read / I saw that she read " read PART / 3p see I /	/	SYM	3p	PROPN	 3p
As per the plan, Maya Sita vanished in the fire at Agni Pariksha and real Sita comes out. When Rama abandons the young Maya Sita at Agni Pariksha, she – worried about her uncertain future – questions Rama and Agni about what should she do now.	.	PUNCT	They	PRON	 They
Bodley moved to the United States in 1935, where he worked as a screenwriter. He re enlisted in the British Army at the outbreak of the Second World War and was sent to Paris to work for the Ministry of Information. He later immigrated to the United	United	PROPN	States	PROPN	 States
After the engagement at Cowan's Ford, citizens between the Catawba and Yadkin rivers who were sympathetic to the Patriots became panicked, and many fled their homes with whatever valuables they could pack in a short period of time. Tarleton's British Legion was a force that	that	PRON	contained	VERB	 contained
As they head southwest through boreal forest, the lines generally traverse flat, smooth rolling hills. After the lines cross the Quebec Labrador border, also known as the Hydro Québec point of delivery, the direction of the lines becomes due south, and they head to	to	ADP	the	DET	 the
His literary executor was his private secretary, Lord Rowton. The Disraeli vault also contains the body of Sarah Brydges Willyams, the wife of James Brydges Willyams of St Mawgan in Cornwall. Disraeli carried on a long correspondence with Mrs. Willyams, writing frankly about political affairs	affairs	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
However Prokofiev, who saw himself as a composer first and foremost, increasingly resented the amount of time that was lost to composition through his appearances as a pianist. Having been homesick for some time, Prokofiev began to build substantial bridges with the Soviet Union. Following	Following	VERB	the	DET	 the
Having Chun Li getting her spine ripped out, or Ryu's head bouncing off the floor... it doesn't necessarily match. " In 2014, martial artist Frankie Edgar opined Mortal Kombat has been far superior to Street Fighter. The series and its characters are also	also	ADV	referenced	VERB	 referenced
The episode was generally well received among television critics. Glenn Diaz of BuddyTV commented that Perry's character was " the man of the hour ", in addition to praising Pompeo's performance, writing: " You got ta love Mer when she's gloomy. "	"	PUNCT	Diaz	PROPN	 Diaz
It ’ s a good song and it ’ s fun. " While Jonas responded the allegations with, " I think it ’ s funny. Honestly, I ’ m not insecure, my friends are cool — so it can ’ t be about me!	!	PUNCT	"	PUNCT	 "
Asad was a member of the Qasr clan, a subtribe of the Banu Bajila. His great grandfather Asad ibn Kurz al Qasri is said by some traditions to have been the chief of the Bajila in the times of the Islamic prophet Muhammad, and is accounted as	as	ADP	one	NUM	 one
On series two, there are four double doors on the right side and none on the left side. SL79 was the first tram to be delivered with color coded destination signs. By 2007, all the trams had had their rolling signs replaced by LED type signs	signs	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
After Timmy tricks the Destructinator into inhaling the explosives, he reveals that he stole the detonator remote from him back in space and uses it to obliterate him. A polar bear — the guardian of the ice wand — raises the ice wand from beneath the ocean.	.	PUNCT	The	DET	 The
In 1892, the discovery of Amalthea, whose orbit lay closer to Jupiter than those of the Galilean moons, pushed Europa to the third position. The Voyager probes discovered three more inner satellites in 1979, so Europa is now considered Jupiter's sixth satellite, though	though	SCONJ	it	PRON	 it
It was previously divided into two types: alcohol abuse and alcohol dependence. In a medical context, alcoholism is said to exist when two or more of the following conditions is present: a person drinks large amounts over a long time period, has difficulty cutting down	down	ADP	,	PUNCT	,
Game Informer expressed disappointment that " [it] also takes away your ability to move [while in first person view] ". Critics responded poorly to the mechanic of power up restriction; they derided it as a deviation from the series ' tradition of item discovery	discovery	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
Although no new elements (apart from einsteinium and fermium) could be detected in the nuclear test debris, and the total yields of transuranium elements were disappointingly low, these tests did provide significantly higher amounts of rare heavy isotopes than previously available in laboratories. So 6	6	NUM	×	NOUN	 ×
Overwhelmed, Olga was found sobbing under a staircase cuddling her teddy bear a few days after her arrival in the kingdom while she was expected for a formal event. In less than a year, she learnt Greek and English. On the advice of her mother,	,	PUNCT	she	PRON	 she
At this point in their career, the album was the band's lowest peaking record on the Billboard 200. The recording of Too Tough to Die began in the summer of 1984 at the Media Sound Studios in New York City. The album's recording process used	used	VERB	similar	ADJ	 similar
Garamond typefaces are popular and often used, particularly for printing body text and books. Since around 1910, many modern revivals of Garamond and related typefaces have been developed. Among these, the roman (regular; upright) versions of Adobe Garamond, Granjon, Sabon	Sabon	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
Shankar completed his training in 1944. he moved to Mumbai and joined the Indian People's Theatre Association, for whom he composed music for ballets in 1945 and 1946. Shankar recomposed the music for the popular song " Sare Jahan Se Achcha " at the age of	of	ADP	25	NUM	 25
The folding can be so complex that a single layer may be exposed at the surface many times by subsequent erosion. As the greenstone belts were forming, volcanoes ejected tephra into the air which settled as sediments to become compacted into the greywackes and mudstones of the Knife	Knife	PROPN	Lake	PROPN	 Lake
Tom Duff, also a NYIT member, would later join Pixar after its formation. With Lucas ' 1983 divorce, which coincided with the sudden drop off in revenues from Star Wars licenses following the release of Return of the Jedi, they knew he would most likely	likely	ADV	sell	VERB	 sell
It was the first time the Beauforts had been armed with torpedoes in combat, and they failed to score any hits. Beginning in October, Nos. 6 and 100 Squadrons were given what the official history of the RAAF in World War II called the " huge	huge	ADJ	task	NOUN	 task
Potassium forms a mixture of potassium peroxide and potassium superoxide, while rubidium and caesium form the superoxide exclusively. Their reactivity increases going down the group: while lithium, sodium and potassium merely burn in air, rubidium and caesium are pyrophoric (spontaneously catch fire in air	air	NOUN	)	PUNCT	)
While archdeacon, Warelwast is recorded as being present at the transfer of a Devon church to Bath Cathedral. He was elected Bishop of Exeter, and was consecrated on 11 August 1107, by Anselm at the royal palace of Westminster. Other bishops consecrated at the same	same	ADJ	time	NOUN	 time
She also ran her own dance school. By 1990, ISO was performing not just in the US but also abroad. The troupe was regularly reviewed by The New York Times. A 1988 review said that, " Unfortunately, many of [the troupe's]	]	PUNCT	effects	NOUN	 effects
Ehlers had been suggested by Ludwig Biermann, the institute's director at the time. When Ehlers joined the institute in 1971, he also became an adjunct professor at Munich's Ludwig Maximilian University. In March 1991, the institute split into the Max Planck Institute for	for	ADP	Physics	PROPN	 Physics
Other common alloys and some new superalloys comprise most of the remainder of world nickel use, with chemical uses for nickel compounds consuming less than 3% of production. As a compound, nickel has a number of niche chemical manufacturing uses, such as a catalyst for	for	ADP	hydrogenation	NOUN	 hydrogenation
Meanwhile, another pattern alternates with chromatic scales in the woodwinds and a third pattern of rhythms is played by percussion. Rimsky Korsakov's non program music, though well crafted, does not rise to the same level of inspiration as his programmatic works; he needed fantasy	fantasy	NOUN	to	PART	 to
It formed in 1997 following a split in the Provisional IRA by dissident members, who rejected the Provisionals ' ceasefire that year. Like the Provisional IRA before it, the RIRA sees itself as the only rightful successor to the original Irish Republican Army and styles itself as	as	ADP	"	PUNCT	 "
The British Geological Survey (BGS) reported that in 2005, China was the top producer of antimony with an approximately 84% world share, followed at a distance by South Africa, Bolivia and Tajikistan. Xikuangshan Mine in Hunan province has the largest deposits in China	China	PROPN	with	ADP	 with
Milius's concept of Conan the Barbarian as an opera was picked up by the critics; Elley and Huckvale saw connections to Wagner's operas. According to Huckvale, the film's opening sequence closely mirrors a sword forging scene in Siegfried. Conan's adventures and ordeals	ordeals	NOUN	seem	VERB	 seem
It's a tough call between being a blank slate and being yourself. " Holley has also served for several years as an associate music director and vocal coach for the reality singing competition American Idol. As part of his job, he helps contestants rehearse and arrange	arrange	VERB	the	DET	 the
He determines that it is leaking time energy from which the Angels are attempting to feed. In the forest, the Doctor and River find Amy struggling with an image of an Angel imprinted in her brain. Amy has been counting down backwards and is close to being	being	AUX	killed	VERB	 killed
They were tested on the Østensjø and Lambertseter Lines until 1 December 1960, when they were transferred to Bærumsbanen, who used them on the Kolsås Line. During their service they were prone to technical problems, and were more in the depot than in service. However	However	ADV	,	PUNCT	,
Series writer Blythe Robe commented on Izzie and Denny: " I love the way Izzie lights up when she ’ s around him. I love their relationship because it's so pure and honest and completely game free. " Writer Elizabeth Klaviter noted at this time the	the	DET	way	NOUN	 way
These two techniques have also been observed in other deinopids. Walking insects form most of the prey of most deinopids, but one population of Deinopis subrufa appears to live mainly on tipulid flies that they catch with the backwards strike. Mature female bolas spiders of the genus	genus	NOUN	Mastophora	PROPN	 Mastophora
This system, which includes one screen outside the enclosure, was implemented to help the zoo meet the demands of visitors wanting to catch a glimpse of Flocke. Shortly after her debut, however, Flocke became the focus of controversy when prominent animal conservationist Jürgen Ortmüller,	,	PUNCT	chairman	NOUN	 chairman
In 1851, it allied with the Argentine breakaway provinces of Corrientes and Entre Rios (led by Justo José de Urquiza), and the anti Rosas Colorado party in Uruguay. Brazil next secured the south western flank by signing defensive alliances with Paraguay and Bolivia. Faced	Faced	VERB	with	ADP	 with
For example, in The Green House the technique is used in a serious fashion to achieve a sober tone and to focus on the interrelatedness of important events separated in time or space. In contrast, Captain Pantoja and the Special Service employs this strategy for comic effects	effects	NOUN	and	CCONJ	 and
Roger puts Peggy in charge of hiring a new male copywriter for Mohawk. Stan advises her to hire a mediocre employee to make her competition lighter. Peggy, however, chooses to interview a talented young Jewish man named Michael Ginsberg whose work impresses her. When Peggy	Peggy	PROPN	interviews	VERB	 interviews
The film became one of the highest grossing Telugu films of 2014. It was dubbed into Malayalam and Tamil as Ekalavya and Ram Leela respectively. Balaraju, the head of his village, lives with his wife Baby, his two sons; Chandrasekhar Rao and Bangari,	,	PUNCT	and	CCONJ	 and
However, as his troops were ravaging the surrounding countryside, he received news that Antigonus was marching on Argos from Corinth on his way to trap Pyrrhus in Laconia. Pyrrhus was approached by Aristeas, the leader of the democratic faction in Argos, who sought Epiriote support	support	NOUN	to	PART	 to
Finnish news agency STT Lehtikuva reported in June that the goaltender had informed the Finnish national team that he had decided to end his playing career, and the Flames formally announced his retirement on September 9, 2013. He ended his career as the Flames ' franchise leader	leader	NOUN	in	ADP	 in
The London scenes were shot in Honolulu. This led to several continuity errors, such as a British Army recruitment poster for a Scottish regiment (which would not recruit in England) featuring the word " Honour " being incorrectly spelled in the American English " Honor "	"	PUNCT	and	CCONJ	 and
In addition to one way and round trip tickets QuickLink offers monthly and 10 trip passes. Passes and tickets on QuickLink are flexible and passengers can board any bus with available seating. Currently the only QuickLink route is between Mt. Laurel, New Jersey and New York City	City	PROPN	.	PUNCT	.
When the government of his time captured him and attempted to execute him using advanced technology, he was accidentally sent back in time - the event which triggered the alternate timeline to begin with - thus forming the paradox of the story. Carlos Javier: A Spaniard living	living	VERB	in	ADP	 in
Le Pelley arrived at the Spanish port on 13 June in the frigates Libre and Indienne with sailors to begin manning the newly purchased ships and Commodore Julien le Ray to command them. His arrival was noted by the British blockade squadron off Cadiz under Rear Admiral Sir James	James	PROPN	Saumarez	PROPN	 Saumarez
While in 1938 Sweden was no longer a major threat against Russia, the Soviets had not forgotten the role that the Finnish controlled Åland islands had played as a base of operations for the German Expeditionary Force in the Finnish Civil War. In April 1938, a junior	junior	ADJ	diplomatic	ADJ	 diplomatic
The abundance and unity it shows were the idyllic hope of a post war world, and the image has been reproduced in various formats. During the Cold War, Rockwell's images affirmed traditional American values, depicting Americans as prosperous and free. Rockwell's work came	came	VERB	to	PART	 to
The plateaus are named for their relatively flat tops. Upper and Lower refer to their location along the Rogue River, not their height. Upper Table Rock, 2,091 feet (637 m) above sea level at its highest point, is located upstream, while Lower	Lower	PROPN	Table	PROPN	 Table
Michaels followed up with a diving elbow drop and tried to execute Sweet Chin Music, but collapsed in the process. The referee declared Orton the winner as a result. After the match, Orton attacked Michaels again, causing a kayfabe career threatening concussion. Next was	was	AUX	The	DET	 The
The Harrod – Domar model dominated growth theory until Robert Solow and Trevor Swan independently developed neoclassical growth models in 1956. Solow and Swan produced a more empirically appealing model with " balanced growth " based on the substitution of labor and capital in production. Solow and Swan	Swan	PROPN	suggested	VERB	 suggested
To avoid any appearance of bias, the Saginaw native noted: " You may think I am a friend of these boys but I do not know either of them. I hope you change your mind. " Gould responded to Miss Grossman in his column: "	"	PUNCT	You	PRON	 You
A number of major music acts, including Joe Cocker, Def Leppard, Paul Carrack (of Mike + The Mechanics), Arctic Monkeys, Bring Me the Horizon, Pulp and Moloko, hail from the city. Indie band The Long Blondes originated from the city	city	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
Firearms remained in use in China throughout the following centuries. Meanwhile, gunpowder and firearms spread elsewhere very quickly. Gunpowder seems to have been widely known by the 13th century. The Europeans, Arabs, and Koreans all obtained firearms in the 14th century. The Turks	Turks	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
In November 2013, in response to a lawsuit filed by the National Association of Regulatory Utility Commissioners and the Nuclear Energy Institute, the US court of appeals ruled that nuclear utilities may stop paying into the nuclear waste recovery fund until either the DOE follows the Nuclear Waste	Waste	PROPN	Policy	PROPN	 Policy
Edward Newton (convinced that the pigeon still survived) interviewed two inhabitants of Mauritius about the Mauritius blue pigeon in 1863, and these accounts suggest that the bird survived until at least 1837. The first interviewee claimed he had killed two specimens when Colonel James Simpson stayed	stayed	VERB	on	ADP	 on
In the Iberian Peninsula there are currently described 13 species and several subspecies. Its life cycle is annual, living only during the hottest months (especially gender Leptynia and Pijnackeria), which usually comprise of late spring to early autumn. Stick insects, like praying mantises	mantises	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
After ending 0 – 0 the match went to a replay, which Nottingham Forest won 1 – 0. Liverpool began 1978 – 79 in contrasting fashion. They were drawn against Nottingham Forest in the first round of the European Cup and were eliminated after a 2 –	–	SYM	0	NUM	 0
David Leonhart of The New York Times praised Gregory Itzin's portrayal of President Charles Logan, comparing his character to former U.S. President Richard Nixon. The New York Times characterized Logan's administration as " a projection of our very worst fears " of the government. Jean	Jean	PROPN	Smart	PROPN	 Smart
He made his debut in a 1 – 0 defeat at Rio Ave on 4 February 2007, and made 5 more appearances during the 2006 – 07 season as Penafiel finished 8th in the table. Having reached the end of his contract with the club, Mendes returned	returned	VERB	to	ADP	 to
Larry Hagman and Rex Reed also make cameos; Hagman plays an army major in charge of a convoy that is transporting one of the missiles, and Reed plays himself as he meets Lois and Clark outside the Daily Planet headquarters. A then unknown John Ratzenberger briefly appears	appears	VERB	as	ADP	 as
The polyp is retractable into the corallite, the stony cup in which it sits, being pulled back by sheet like retractor muscles. The polyps are connected by horizontal sheets of tissue known as coenosarc extending over the outer surface of the skeleton and completely covering it.	.	PUNCT	These	DET	 These
An example is the " stem story ", in which a child is given the beginning of a story that raises attachment issues and asked to complete it. For older children, adolescents and adults, semi structured interviews are used in which the manner of relaying content	content	NOUN	may	AUX	 may
A third NFL championship followed in 1955. In the championship game against the Rams, Lavelli caught a touchdown in the second quarter and scored a second time on a 50 yard pass just before the end of the first half. The Browns won 38 – 14.	.	PUNCT	Lavelli	PROPN	 Lavelli
Oxford Street runs for approximately 1.2 miles (1.9 km). From Marble Arch, where it meets Park Lane, Edgware Road, and its westward continuation Bayswater Road, it runs east past Vere Street, New Bond Street and Bond Street station, up to Oxford	Oxford	PROPN	Circus	PROPN	 Circus
Jason Aldean's Burn It Down Tour With Miranda Lambert, Florida Georgia Line & Tyler Farr as openers on July 26, 2014. PNC Park has hosted various evacuation and response drills, which would be used in the event of a terrorist attack. Members of the	the	DET	United	PROPN	 United
As a result of the imprecision of the fairy's curse, which was placed on " the English magician, " Norrell is trapped along with Strange in the " Eternal Night, " and they can not move more than a certain distance from each other. Upon	Upon	SCONJ	the	DET	 the
The song is also the topic of Italian poet Giovanni Pascoli's " La Capinera " [The Blackcap]. Giovanni Verga's 1871 novel Storia di una capinera, according to its author, was inspired by a story of a blackcap trapped and caged by children.	.	PUNCT	The	DET	 The
The Wesleyan faculty originally deemed his mathematics knowledge so lacking, they refused his admittance; the decision was rescinded after a professor agreed to tutor Ross privately in the subject. At Wesleyan, students lived with prominent families instead of congregating in dormitories, thus giving them "	"	PUNCT	daily	ADJ	 daily
The third floor originated in a property line dispute during the 1790s: the original west wall had been constructed six feet beyond the property line and had to be dismantled. Chew used the opportunity to add the upper floor and was completed by 1790. Following the American	American	PROPN	Revolutionary	PROPN	 Revolutionary
The extra generating capacity was needed due to a sixfold increase in Long Island's electricity demand from 1910 to 1925. The expansion also reflected LILCO's then novel philosophy of using few centralized power plants interconnected by transmission lines, rather than many small plants distributed through the	the	DET	region	NOUN	 region
On 11 April, the ship departed the Ålands for Helsinki, with the intention of proceeding to Danzig to refuel. However, she encountered heavy fog while en route and ran aground on Lagskär Island at 07: 30. Two men were killed in the incident and	and	CCONJ	the	DET	 the
He was given out caught by Bradman from Garth Burton, after an appeal for a disputed catch; Miller asked the umpires if Bradman had caught a bump ball. Nevertheless, Bradman praised Miller's innings, and Clem Hill predicted a bright future for the Victorian.	.	PUNCT	Apart	ADV	 Apart
Today Bollen durian is also available, it is pastry filled with durian. Dried durian flesh can be made into kripik durian (durian chips). Tempoyak refers to fermented durian, usually made from lower quality durian that is unsuitable for direct consumption. Tempoyak can be	be	AUX	eaten	VERB	 eaten
However, his disavowal came too late: the anti Catholic party in the convention had found time to organize themselves, and when the intended Reform Bill took shape it was known that the admission of Roman Catholics to the franchise was not to form part of the scheme	scheme	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
2. The song was released on October 4, 2005, by Epic Records as the lead single from the album. The song was written by Shakira, Lauren Christy, Graham Edwards and Scott Spock, and was produced by Shakira. " Don't Bother "	"	PUNCT	is	AUX	 is
Back at Michael's condo, a frustrated Pam loses her composure and tells Michael she made a mistake leaving Dunder Mifflin and only did it because she was tired of being a receptionist. Michael calms her down, telling her the reality is they both quit and that	that	SCONJ	their	PRON	 their
A study of annual deposition of C, N, and P from P. Oceanica sea grass meadows in northeast Spain found that the meadow sequestered 198 g C m 2 yr 1, 13.4 g N m 2 yr 1, and 2.01 g P m 2 yr 1	1	NUM	into	ADP	 into
This proved not to be the case, but he suffered from eye strain and impairment to his vision for much of his life. This was a major reason for his decision to retire from St Paul's Cathedral in 1888, while still in his forties. As	As	SCONJ	Bumpus	PROPN	 Bumpus
… We believe that the true body of Christ is eaten in the communion in a sacramental and spiritual manner by the religious, believing, and pious heart (as also St. Chrysostom taught). And this is in brief the substance of what we maintain in this	this	DET	controversy	NOUN	 controversy
The school holds weekly matches against local schools as well as competing in the National Schools Cup at both junior and Intermediate level. During lunchtime and after school practice sessions for other athletics events, including the high jump, discuss and javelin, are offered for pupils of	of	ADP	all	DET	 all
Many nitrox capable dive computers calculate an oxygen loading and can track it across multiple dives. The aim is to avoid activating the alarm by reducing the partial pressure of oxygen in the breathing gas or by reducing the time spent breathing gas of greater oxygen partial pressure.	.	PUNCT	As	ADP	 As
Woffinden continued: " Which, you feel, would not be a bad appetiser for the real meat to follow. Unfortunately, Hari's vegetarian. " In an equally unfavourable review of the album, Jim Miller of Rolling Stone dismissed the track as " banal "	"	PUNCT	.	PUNCT	.
They gave " Pokey Mom " as an example of how " chiropractors on sitcoms pok [e] fun at themselves as they prescribe the duration of a course of care. [...] Dr. Steve on The Simpsons corroborates this stereotype when telling Homer that he will	will	AUX	need	VERB	 need
The Exhibition was to be held at Budapest's City Park. Exhibits were to be divided into twelve distinct areas, one of which was visual art. Several pavilions displaying the cultural and industrial achievements of non Hungarians living in the Hungarian administered territories of Austria Hungary were	were	AUX	also	ADV	 also
He also provided a new opening line for the " Seguidilla " in act 1. Most of the characters in Carmen — the soldiers, the smugglers, the Gypsy women and the secondary leads Micaëla and Escamillo — are reasonably familiar types within the opéra comique tradition,	,	PUNCT	although	SCONJ	 although
Osborne views the whole opera as an ensemble piece, and he comments that grand soliloquy in the old Verdian style is reserved for Ford's " jealousy " aria in Act II, which is almost tragic in style but comic in effect, making Ford " a figure	figure	NOUN	to	PART	 to
The diverse origins of Malagasy culture are evident in its tangible expressions. The most emblematic instrument of Madagascar, the valiha, is a bamboo tube zither carried to Madagascar by early settlers from southern Borneo, and is very similar in form to those found in Indonesia and	and	CCONJ	the	DET	 the
In its original American broadcast, " The Simpsons Spin Off Showcase " finished 61st place in the weekly ratings for the week of May 5 – May 11, 1997 with a Nielsen rating of 7.3. It was the seventh highest rated show on the Fox Network that	that	DET	week	NOUN	 week
Royal argued that the book was not only important to comics studies, but also to the study of Jewish and ethnic American literature. Much like short story cycles common to contemporary Jewish prose, in which stories can stand alone, but complement each other when read as	as	ADP	a	DET	 a
Pulsford is also remembered for his avid opposition to the White Australia policy and other forms of racial discrimination. Whilst financial editor of the Daily Telegraph he attacked restrictive immigration laws, and he fought against the policy in the state parliament and later in the Senate, where	where	SCONJ	he	PRON	 he
This explanation is completely unconvincing in view of the care with which the Soviet regime kept the massacre secret from the very German government it was supposed to impress.... A more likely explanation is that... [the massacre] should be seen as looking forward to a future	future	NOUN	in	ADP	 in
Carey donned a black open back dress with a plunging neckline, and performed " Never Too Far / Hero ", followed by a live rendition of " What More Can I Give ". On November 16, 2001, Carey taped a special titled A Home For	For	ADP	The	DET	 The
Park had not been assessed for the risk of suicide. Jeremy Park said that " we are all completely devastated and still believe his innocence 100%. " Since his death, Carol Park's family have tried to trace her ashes. On 26 November 2014,	,	PUNCT	it	PRON	 it
With the realm now peaceful, Edward left England to join Louis IX on the Ninth Crusade; he was one of the last crusaders. Louis died before Edward's arrival, but Edward decided to continue. The result was disappointing; Edward's small force only enabled	enabled	VERB	him	PRON	 him
The season debuted on April 21, 2014, with the two part episode " Wake Up " / " Escape from the Citadel ". Together, both episodes were viewed by 3.321 million viewers and scored a 0.7 Nielsen rating in the 18- to 49 year old demographic	demographic	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
Through his father, White was of Scottish descent and was raised in the Presbyterian faith. White's father, Dr. Robert White, had served as a surgeon in the Royal Navy of the Kingdom of Great Britain. Dr. White relocated to present day Frederick County between	between	ADP	1732	NUM	 1732
While the two are combined for the purposes of the International Organization for Standardization (ISO) category, they are not administratively related. This has further resulted in the country code top level domain.sj being issued for Svalbard and Jan Mayen, and ISO 3166 2: SJ	SJ	PROPN	.	PUNCT	.
The game's designer described Fez as a " ' stop and smell the flowers ' kind of game ". It prioritizes puzzle solving and patience over the platforming genre's traditional interest in dexterity. Fez features a pixelated art style and a limited color palette reminiscent of	of	ADP	the	DET	 the
Waters rose enough to cause minor inundations, but not nearly at the same severity as those that occurred in other areas. Heavy storm conditions extended as far east as Pensacola, Florida, where 3.03 in (77 mm) of rain fell, accompanied by frequent thunder	thunder	NOUN	and	CCONJ	 and
(For example, f (x) could be a Weierstrass function.) The convergence of both series has very different properties. Even if the Taylor series has positive convergence radius, the resulting series may not coincide with the function; but if the function is	is	AUX	analytic	ADJ	 analytic
On 2 February 1929, he received a regular commission in the US Army Air Corps. He married Irene Gillespie. The couple had no children. Wurtsmith joined the 94th Pursuit Squadron, the famed World War I " Hat in the Ring " Squadron, at Selfridge	Selfridge	PROPN	Field	PROPN	 Field
The Sermon on the Mount is notable in that it begins by borrowing the Sibyl of Cumae's description of punishment for the unrighteous (cf. Book VI, Aen.). This has led some scholars to contend that this portion of De laudibus Christi is the	the	DET	first	ADJ	 first
One reason why Power might be more obscure than competing texts in political philosophy is that it is written in a historical style which is not in keeping with its own theoretical goals. Willis remarked that, with hindsight, " Some of the responsibility for its tepid reception	reception	NOUN	...	PUNCT	...
It Takes a Nation's success helped raise hip hop's profile as both art and sociopolitical statement, amid media criticism of the genre. It helped give hip hop a critical credibility and standing in the popular music community after it had been largely dismissed as a fad	fad	NOUN	since	SCONJ	 since
It is likely that Sarah – Theodora pressured Ivan Alexander to select her own son as his successor, although Ivan Sratsimir would have come next under the majorat system. The issue was decided in Ivan Shishman's favour because the latter was born in the purple (after	after	SCONJ	his	PRON	 his
On December 3 a mid level circulation developed about 140 miles (225 km) north of the surface center. Convection increased and became better organized as a weak tropical wave reached the area, and it is estimated the system developed into Tropical Depression Twenty at around 1200	1200	NUM	UTC	PROPN	 UTC
Because of his restless nature, Harrison left his family in Oregon and traveled to London in 1913 to undergo postgraduate work in gynecology and obstetrics. When World War I began in 1914, Harrison assisted in the war effort in Belgium. While there, he met a	a	DET	Turkish	ADJ	 Turkish
Caion's own texts on the subject of decadence were published as booklets by the French company Retaux Frères. His bibliography for 1899 includes the essay Coversații despre artă (" Conversations on Art "), and, also with Adevărul, a selection of his own novellas	novellas	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
Media coverage of the paternity suit was influenced by the FBI, as information was fed to the prominent gossip columnist Hedda Hopper, and Chaplin was portrayed in an overwhelmingly critical light. The controversy surrounding Chaplin increased when, two weeks after the paternity suit was filed,	,	PUNCT	it	PRON	 it
NY 251 was truncated to its present terminus in Scottsville in the late 1970s, at which time NY 386 was extended south along the former routing of NY 251 to Scottsville. Reference markers for NY 251 are still posted along its former routing. NY 386 utilized a	a	DET	previously	ADV	 previously
The lab identified the sample as being from a dog that was at the crime scene, and this information helped crack the case by leading investigators to a suspect who was the owner of the dog. Bowling was the director of the laboratory at the time, and	and	CCONJ	as	ADP	 as
" In 1977, he became a spokesman for the Deutsche Volksunion (German People's Union), a nationalist political party founded by Gerhard Frey. In 2004, Frey and Hajo Herrmann published an abstract of Rudel's biography in the book Helden der Wehrmacht – Unsterbliche	Unsterbliche	PROPN	deutsche	NOUN	 deutsche
These included the commanding officers of both the 47th and 15th Regiments. Of the Australian force that had launched the attack, almost half became casualties. Australian losses during the battle amounted to 2,277 men killed or wounded, out of the total 4,600 men committed to the	the	DET	fighting	NOUN	 fighting
Her keel was laid down in November 1935 in Bremen. She was commissioned in August 1936 with Korvettenkapitän Hans Ibbeken in command. Ibbeken was relieved on 4 October 1937, by Johannes Franz, who commanded the boat until 6 June 1939 when Hans Georg von Friedeburg assumed	assumed	VERB	command	NOUN	 command
The trailer was released in November 1993, accompanying The Three Musketeers in theaters, as only a third of The Lion King had been completed. Audience reaction was enthusiastic, causing Hahn to have some initial concerns as he became afraid of not living up to the expectations	expectations	NOUN	raised	VERB	 raised
In December 1923, the southern apse of the cathedral collapsed. It was restored under Toros Toramanian's supervision in what was the first case of restoration of an architectural monument in Soviet Armenia. During the Great Purge and the radical state atheist policies in the late 1930s	1930s	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
Following the capitulation of Germany in November 1918, most of the High Seas Fleet, under the command of Rear Admiral Ludwig von Reuter, was interned in the British naval base in Scapa Flow. Only the most modern ships were sent for internment; the four Helgoland	Helgoland	PROPN	class	NOUN	 class
She made her international debut in February 2010. A right handed batter and wicket keeper, she is the daughter of Greg Healy, who was part of the Queensland squad, while her uncle Ian Healy was Australia's Test wicket keeper and held the world record for	for	ADP	the	DET	 the
Wood storks (Mycteria americana) nest almost exclusively in cypress forests and in the past 100 years have seen a dramatic decline, probably due to lack of reproduction tied to controlled water. Wood storks ' reproductive cycles coincide with the dry season, when small fish and	and	CCONJ	amphibians	NOUN	 amphibians
Stephen Thomas Erlewine said that the only subject matter on the album was " violence, drugs, pussy, bitches, dope, guns, and gangsters " and that these themes have become repetitive and unchanged in the last ten years. Critics noted that Dr. Dre had	had	AUX	differed	VERB	 differed
In 82 Agricola crossed an unidentified body of water and defeated peoples unknown to the Romans until then. He fortified the coast facing Ireland, and Tacitus recalls that his father in law often claimed the island could be conquered with a single legion and a few auxiliaries.	.	PUNCT	He	PRON	 He
In 1930, Muskegon was bypassed; the new highway east of downtown was numbered US 31A. By the end of 1936, the last section of US 31 in the state was paved near Charlevoix, making the entire highway in Michigan a hard surfaced road. Early the	the	DET	next	ADJ	 next
Teen clubs that had served as reliable and steady venues for young groups began to close their doors. The garage sound disappeared at both the national and local level as amateur musicians faced college, work or the Vietnam War draft. New styles had either evolved out of	of	ADP	garage	NOUN	 garage
Virginia, the largest colony, deserved recognition, and New England — where the fighting began — realized it needed Southern support. Washington did not explicitly seek the office of commander and said that he was not equal to it, but there was no serious competition.	.	PUNCT	Congress	PROPN	 Congress
At Metacritic, which assigns a high rating out of 100 to reviews from mainstream critics, the album received a mixed score of 51 based on 19 reviews. AllMusic editor Stephen Thomas Erlewine commented that it has a " spark " and " sound better than anything Jackson	Jackson	PROPN	has	AUX	 has
The route is 0.277 miles (0.446 km) long, and connects Balmorhea State Park to State Highway 17 (SH 17) in Toyahvale in southwestern Reeves County. The route is made up of several individual drives within the park. The route was first built by	by	ADP	the	DET	 the
The same group of officers approached Tomlinson outside a Montblanc store at the southern end of Royal Exchange Passage, near the junction with Cornhill. He was walking slowly with his hands in his pockets; according to an eyewitness, he was saying that he was trying to	to	PART	get	VERB	 get
Saeroen likewise left soon after, joining Star Film. Djoewariah continued to act until the 1950s, when she migrated to theatre after receiving a series of increasingly minor roles. Neither Ratna Djoewita nor Hidajat appeared in any films after 1941. The film is likely lost;	;	PUNCT	the	DET	 the
A total of seven homes were destroyed, four were damaged, and 39 others were affected. About 3,931 hectares of farmland, 7 km (4.3 mi) of roads, and three ports, along with ten ships, were damaged or destroyed. At the height	height	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
The Komnenian wall lacks a moat, since the difficult terrain of the area makes it unnecessary. The wall features one postern, between the second and third towers, and one large gate, the Eğri Kapı (" Crooked Gate "), between the sixth and	and	CCONJ	seventh	ADJ	 seventh
He believes that Greek meat lacks a " consistent quality ". Miran Kourounlian has stated in an interview that some of the customers of his store have been patrons since the 1940s and 1950s. Miran has continued to grow despite Greece's economic crisis, doubling in size	size	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
In an important age of Kannada literature, competition between Vaishnava and Veerashaiva writers came to the fore. Literary disputations between the two sects were common, especially in the court of King Deva Raya II. Acute rivalry led to " organised processions " in honour of the	the	DET	classics	NOUN	 classics
The series featured Marceline and Princess Bubblegum forming a band and touring around Ooo. The series is published by Boom! Studios under its kid oriented imprint KaBoom, which also publishes the rest of the Adventure Time series. Other contributors to the series include Faith Erin Hicks	Hicks	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
Cars and bicycles are banned from Herm, in order to keep " peace and tranquility ". However, Herm does allow quad bikes and tractors for staff and luggage transport respectively. Tourism is Herm's main source of income. During a busy summer season, up	up	ADP	to	PART	 to
The folkish sector of the movement deems Heathenry to be the indigenous religion of a biologically distinct Nordic race. Some practitioners explain this by asserting that the religion is intrinsically connected to the collective unconscious of this race, with prominent American Asatruer Stephen McNallen developing this into a	a	DET	concept	NOUN	 concept
De Camp (1971) argues that a child's language acquisition process includes developing the ability to accommodate for the different varieties they are exposed to (including ones they would not actually employ) and the social significance of their use. Wilson & Henry (1998:	:	SYM	17	NUM	 17
" In October 2010 Radikal reported that a nearby mosque, built in 1997, would be demolished to make room for the restoration of Varagavank. The monastery was damaged as a result of the 2011 Van earthquake. According to Ara Sarafian, " parts of the main	main	ADJ	church	NOUN	 church
A total of five people were killed in the United States, three of these deaths occurred when floodwaters swept their car off the road in Fort Worth. Nearby, flooding forced thousands of people to evacuate their homes, including 1,000 people in the cities of Lindsay and	and	CCONJ	Breckenridge	PROPN	 Breckenridge
In the playoffs, the Spurs swept the Los Angeles Lakers, beat Golden State in six games and defeated the Memphis Grizzlies in the Western Conference Finals in a 4 – 0 sweep to reach the NBA Finals. In game 2 of the Western Conference Finals, Duncan	Duncan	PROPN	recorded	VERB	 recorded
National Cycle Way Route 71 Parkgate to Teggs Nose, Macclesfield, passes about 100 m (330 ft) from the northeast boundary of Bradwall. Built in 1841, the Crewe to Manchester railway Line passes through Bradwall from southwest to northeast. The parish has no stations	stations	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
This kingdom was known as the Hindavi Swarajya (" Hindu self rule ") in the Marathi language. Shivaji's capital was located at Raigad. Shivaji successfully defended his kingdom from attacks by the Mughal Empire and his Maratha Empire went on to defeat and overtake it	it	PRON	as	ADP	 as
Within 24 hours, Channel 4 backed the production. A £2 million budget was assigned to the film. Filming was postponed until May to accommodate Sheen's rehearsal schedule for the play Caligula. Frears ended shooting at 6 p.m. each day, so Sheen could leave	leave	VERB	the	DET	 the
Described in 1985 as " America's second oldest, continuously running coffeehouse ", it was also known for its inexpensive food and as a venue for folk music and bohemian conversation. The Last Exit was also notable as a popular destination for Seattle's amateur and professional	professional	ADJ	Go	PROPN	 Go
The five inch (127 millimetre) hawser initially produced was deemed too small and orders for a ten inch (254 millimetre) hawser came down. It was at this point that the blast occurred. At 9: 04: 35 am, the out of control	control	NOUN	fire	NOUN	 fire
Smaller guns were carried for defense against torpedo boats. These included twenty 75 millimeter (3.0 in) QF guns, twenty 47 millimeter (1.9 in) Hotchkiss guns and eight 37 millimeter (1.5 in) guns. She was also armed with five 15 inch (	(	PUNCT	381	NUM	381
Retired army surgeon Dr. J. W. Gardiner also testified that he saw the bulge in Tom's pants. However, the bulge in Tom's pants pocket may have been the nearly $3,300 in cash and receipts found on his body, perhaps in payment for stolen Mexican	Mexican	ADJ	beef	NOUN	 beef
Taylor paid little of the agreed receipts to performers, or composers, and lived for much of his period of management in the King's Bench, a debtors ' prison in Southwark. Here he maintained an apartment next to Lady Hamilton and lived in some luxury,	,	PUNCT	entertaining	VERB	 entertaining
After recording his first WHL hat trick on October 10, 2008, against the Kelowna Rockets, he was named WHL Player of the Week on October 12, succeeding linemate Casey Pierro Zabotel, who had been chosen the previous week. Kane earned a spot as an	an	DET	injury	NOUN	 injury
Reading the translation of the myth of Myrrha by Dryden as a comment on the political scene, states Lee, is partly justified by the characterization done by the historian Julian Hoppit on the events of the revolution of 1688: To most a monarch was God's earthly	earthly	ADJ	representative	NOUN	 representative
" Other ironic readings have found Ulysses longing for withdrawal, even death, in the form of his proposed quest. In noting the sense of passivity in the poem, critics highlight Tennyson's tendency toward the melancholic. T. S. Eliot opines that " Tennyson could not	not	PART	tell	VERB	 tell
Late in 1926, George Davis died suddenly, and Briskin dissolved Banner. After Banner, Briskin returned to work at Columbia Pictures, where he began producing for them in 1926, and in 1928 he was given control over 18 of their productions. By 1929,	,	PUNCT	Briskin	PROPN	 Briskin
Acting without orders from the Ottoman government, on 27 September the German commander of the Dardanelles fortifications ordered the passage closed, adding to the impression that the Ottomans were " in the German camp ". The German naval presence and the success of German armies on all	all	DET	fronts	NOUN	 fronts
The placement of the city of Ambohimanga relative to Antananarivo also reflects these systems. Centrally located Antananarivo is the nation's political capital today, and Ambohimanga to its northeast is regarded as the spiritual capital. Between these two systems, that of the political order predominates in	in	ADP	the	DET	 the
Groves had arranged for Laurence to view significant events, including Trinity and the atomic bombing of Japan. Laurence wrote press releases with the help of the Manhattan Project's public relations staff. He later recalled that A loud cry filled the air. The little groups that	that	PRON	hitherto	PROPN	 hitherto
Barker, though, preferred comedy, and felt it was " as good and as important as serious work " and he was not " dumbing down " by doing it. Actor Gene Wilder compared him to Charlie Chaplin in saying " no matter how farcical [his	his	PRON	performance	NOUN	 performance
Stones may be removed either by direct suction or by using various instruments, including balloons and baskets to trawl the bile duct in order to pull stones into the duodenum. Obstructions that are caused by larger stones may require the use of an instrument known as a mechanical	mechanical	ADJ	lithotriptor	NOUN	 lithotriptor
Told from the perspective of the WWE during that period, matches and in game cutscenes are supplemented by video packages assembled by WWE ’ s own editors. In WWE 2K14, a single player campaign titled " The 30 Years of WrestleMania " was introduced, a nostalgic	nostalgic	ADJ	gameplay	NOUN	 gameplay
The falls are described in order going upstream along the creek for each of the three glens. The waterfalls in Ricketts Glen State Park are on the Allegheny Front, which is the boundary between the Allegheny Plateau to the north and the Ridge and Valley Appalachians to the	the	DET	south	NOUN	 south
Thankfully, no one was seriously hurt because of the fire. The monks were forced to rebuild the college, spending considerably less money on the construction, as they had only received $55,000 from the Insurance Commissioner of the State of New Hampshire. In an effort	effort	NOUN	to	PART	 to
Boycott began playing for his home county in 1962 after topping the averages for Leeds, Yorkshire Colts and Yorkshire Second XI. In 414 matches for Yorkshire he scored 32,570 runs at an average of 57.85, with a highest score of 260 not out against Essex, and	and	CCONJ	103	NUM	 103
Whereas Bono exhibited a full throated vocal delivery on the group's previous releases, for Achtung Baby he extended his range into a lower register and used what Fast described as " breathy and subdued colors ". On many tracks, including " The Fly " and "	"	PUNCT	Zoo	PROPN	 Zoo
By this date, the Kingdom of Scotland had political boundaries that closely resembled those of the modern nation. Scotland in the High Middle Ages is a relatively well studied topic and Scottish medievalists have produced a wide variety of publications. Some, such as David Dumville,	,	PUNCT	Thomas	PROPN	 Thomas
" Cavallaro suggested that despite the feminine appearance of the " angel ", it could be of a " preternatural order ", making gender or sex distinctions irrelevant. Miyazaki referred to the angelic creature as " tori no hito " or " a bird's person "	"	PUNCT	which	PRON	 which
Children were unpaid and bound apprentice until they were 21. They boarded on an upper floor of the building, and were locked in. Shifts were typically 10 – 10.5 hours in length (i.e. 12 hours after allowing for meal breaks), and the apprentices '	'	PART	hot	ADJ	 hot
It has now turned into terrestrial glacier; it has receded and does not flow into the sea. Its retreat has been very rapid and well documented since its Little Ice Age maximum position at the mouth of Glacier Bay around 1780. During its retreating stage which began	began	VERB	in	ADP	 in
His " flopping " style was derived from him flailing in the crease, using every part of his body, including his head, to stop the puck. Hašek occasionally dropped his stick and covered the puck with his stick hand, whereas most goaltenders would use the	the	DET	glove	NOUN	 glove
Shaughnessy handled both the passing and kicking duties for the team. He played on the freshman squad in 1910 and on the varsity squad from 1911 to 1913, first as an end, then a tackle in 1912, and finally as a fullback in 1913. Of	Of	ADP	the	DET	 the
The two stages became known as Alpha and Beta. In March 1943, Groves approved the construction of five Alpha and two Beta racetracks. In September, he authorized four more Alpha racetracks, which became known as Alpha II, along with two more Beta racetracks to	to	PART	process	VERB	 process
Undaunted was experimentally armed with a pair of 2 pounder anti aircraft guns, something most of her class lacked and at best speed could make 28.5 kn (32.8 mph; 52.8 km / h). The four Laforey class destroyers were armed with two torpedo tubes,	,	PUNCT	three	NUM	 three
In the book Lucky Lee uses famous quotes from films and literature - like " Wow! What a body! " and " Me Tarzan, you Jayne! " In the book it is spelled Jayne instead of Jane, to make a pun to allude to Mansfield	Mansfield	PROPN	.	PUNCT	.
Released as the third single from Swift's second studio album Fearless (2008), the track debuted at number one hundred on the week ending April 27, 2009 and peaked at number fifty one on the week ending May 23, 2009 in United Kingdom. The	The	DET	accompanying	VERB	 accompanying
A piece of paper draped over the edge of the table is clearly visible in outline, despite having been painted over with detailing of the table itself. Sigismunda's index finger which was bent towards and perhaps touching the heart has been straightened, but the outline of	of	ADP	the	DET	 the
Of 252 buried there, Charlton was the only African American. The controversy received national coverage when it was written about in the Los Angeles Times. On November 12, 2008, following efforts of other Medal of Honor winners, Charlton was finally reburied in Arlington National	National	PROPN	Cemetery	PROPN	 Cemetery
Though it was not the first isometric 3D video game, Knight Lore popularised the format. When the isometric, flip screen style fell out of fashion, Knight Lore's influence persisted in computer role playing games. Retrospective reviewers remember the game as the first to offer	offer	VERB	an	DET	 an
Supporters of a close relationship with molluscs maintained that a pair of bars, running across the mouth and armed with backward pointing teeth, were a rudimentary form of the radula, the toothed tongue that molluscs use to scrape up food and convey it back to the throat	throat	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
The DVD version features full voice acting. A novelization based on the original Metal Gear Solid was written by Raymond Benson and published by Del Rey. The American paperback edition was published on May 27, 2008, and the British Edition on June 5, 2008.	.	PUNCT	Director	PROPN	 Director
These structures were based on T. Lambourne's drawings of the house and grounds that had been discovered in 1983, other records, and excavations. Priestley left no written description of his laboratory, but much is known of his experiments and late 18th century laboratories. Extensive	Extensive	ADJ	research	NOUN	 research
When none of his employees, except for Dwight Schrute (Rainn Wilson), help him, Michael feels under appreciated. Meanwhile, Dwight starts acting strangely nice to everyone, especially Pam Beesley (Jenna Fischer). " The Injury " was originally conceived by Greg	Greg	PROPN	Daniels	PROPN	 Daniels
Under manager Steve Scarsone, Nashville finished their first season as an A's affiliate in third place with a 66 – 78 record. Barry Zito, who won the American League Cy Young Award in 2002, made his return to professional baseball with the Sounds in 2015	2015	NUM	after	ADP	 after
" In vain, the King urged Conservative leaders Arthur Balfour and Lord Lansdowne to pass the Budget, which Lord Esher had advised him was not unusual, as Queen Victoria had helped to broker agreements between the two Houses over Irish disestablishment in 1869 and the Third Reform	Reform	PROPN	Act	PROPN	 Act
Brodeur was awarded the Vezina Trophy as outstanding goaltender in the regular season for the first time in his career, having won 41 games in the regular season to top the NHL. In the 2003 – 04 season, Brodeur took home the Vezina Trophy again. Despite	Despite	SCONJ	losing	VERB	 losing
As a result, geothermal power has the potential to help mitigate global warming if widely deployed in place of fossil fuels. The Earth's geothermal resources are theoretically more than adequate to supply humanity's energy needs, but only a very small fraction may be profitably exploited	exploited	VERB	.	PUNCT	.
With ratings of 59 percent and 62 percent on the aggregator sites Game Rankings and Metacritic, respectively, the expansion did not enjoy the critical acclaim of the original material. While the pack was considered to maintain its predecessor's production values, it was thought to lack	lack	VERB	the	DET	 the
Author Bruce Spizer writes that " the eccentric producer's erratic attendance caused George to realize the project would never get done if he kept waiting for Spector ", and by October that year, Harrison had decided to produce the album alone. As for the majority of	of	ADP	Living	VERB	 Living
Rajinikanth and Shriya Saran play the lead roles, with Suman, Vivek and Raghuvaran playing other significant roles in the film. A. R. Rahman composed the soundtrack and background music, while Thotta Tharani and K. V. Anand were the film's art director and cinematographer respectively.	.	PUNCT	The	DET	 The
When it opened, Vikingskipet was the largest indoor sports venue in the world, and has twice the spectator capacity of the Olympic Oval. The ice rink was first tested on 15 December 1992, and officially opened on 19 December. The construction of the venue cost	cost	VERB	NOK	PROPN	 NOK
Among the first attractions were the enthusiastic descriptions and illustrations of the Indians, the exotic landscapes, the abundance of wild animals and the new species of plants first conveyed in the works of Hans Staden. This was followed by the writings of adventurers and scientists such as	as	ADP	Johann	PROPN	 Johann
The son of sawmill labourer Henry John Smith and his wife Rose Smith (née Luckins), he was the oldest of five siblings. The family lived in Midland Road, where they were neighbours of serial killers Fred and Rosemary West, before moving to Hailes Road	Road	PROPN	on	ADP	 on
With his contract due to expire in the summer, it turned out to be his final game for Huddersfield after 135 league appearances, during which time he scored 12 goals, and a total of 148 games. After being one of eight players to be released by	by	ADP	new	ADJ	 new
Although assigned to the Home Fleet upon completion, the ship was attached to the Mediterranean Fleet in 1935 – 36 during the Abyssinia Crisis. During the Spanish Civil War of 1936 – 1939, she spent time in Spanish waters, enforcing the arms blockade imposed by Britain	Britain	PROPN	and	CCONJ	 and
The left half face (east face) is that of a moustached young man, displaying anger. This is Shiva as the terrifying Aghora or Bhairava, the one whose anger can engulf the entire world in flames, leaving only ashes behind. This is also known	known	VERB	as	ADP	 as
The song takes on a decidedly gospel flair midway through, accentuated by " old fashioned church like hand clapping. " The Gregg Allman penned " Don't Keep Me Wonderin ' " follows, featuring Duane on slide guitar and Oakley's friend Thom Doucette on harmonica.	.	PUNCT	"	PUNCT	 "
Forming a school for prisoners, the Abel Santamaría Ideological Academy, Castro organized five hours a day of teaching in ancient and modern history, philosophy and English. He read widely, enjoying the works of Karl Marx, Vladimir Lenin, and Martí but also reading books	books	NOUN	by	ADP	 by
S. Bhattacharji says that the Vedic goddess Nirrti's functions were inherited by Kali, Chamunda, Karali, and Chhinnamasta. Hindu literature first mentions her in the upapurana Shakta Maha bhagavata Purana (c. 950 CE) and Devi Bhagavata Purana. Elizabeth A. Benard says that whatever	whatever	PRON	her	PRON	 her
Insurance corporations headquartered in Columbia include Shelter Insurance, and the Columbia Insurance Group. Other organizations include MFA Incorporated, the Missouri State High School Activities Association, and MFA Oil. Companies such as Socket, Datastorm Technologies, Inc. (no longer existent), Slackers CDs	CDs	NOUN	and	CCONJ	 and
Watkin was an experienced railwayman and already on the board of several railway companies, including the South Eastern Railway (SER), and had an aspiration to construct a line from the north through London to that railway. Due to the cost of land purchases, the	the	DET	Met	PROPN	 Met
The other two stories, those of David and Judith, were often linked in Renaissance art, particularly by Florentine artists as they demonstrated the overthrow of tyrants, a popular subject in the Republic. In this image, the shepherd boy, David, has brought down	down	ADP	the	DET	 the
The first bombing, on 2 January against the Tirso Dam in Sardinia, was unsuccessful, but Ark Royal's Swordfish bombers were more successful on 6 January, when they bombed the port city of Genoa. The carrier's aircraft also covered the battlecruiser Renown and battleship	battleship	NOUN	Malaya	PROPN	 Malaya
John Ruskin foreshadowed the fate of the Temeraire's wood in an essay which claimed that " Perhaps, where the low gate opens to some cottage garden, the tired traveller may ask, idly, why the moss grows so green on its rugged wood, and even	even	ADV	the	DET	 the
When Catherwood quit the series, Penny was killed whilst attempting to rescue a patient from a train crash. Her death was not shown on screen: a conscious decision made by the production team to fully focus on Oliver's story. Series producer Myar Craig Brown revealed	revealed	VERB	that	SCONJ	 that
Murphy captured two before being shot in the hip by a sniper; he returned fire and shot the sniper between the eyes. At the 3rd General Hospital at Aix en Provence, the removal of gangrene from the wound caused partial loss of his hip muscle and kept	kept	VERB	him	PRON	 him
These attacks — as well as similar incidents that caused the Southern Poverty Law Center to declare in 2002 that the animal rights movement had " clearly taken a turn toward the more extreme " — prompted the US government to pass the Animal Enterprise Terrorism Act and the UK	UK	PROPN	government	NOUN	 government
Prior to the 2010 restoration, the sides were unpainted, but the portals were painted red, while the gable roof was sheet metal which had been installed over the original wooden shake shingles. Attitudes towards covered bridges in Sullivan County changed considerably in the last half of	of	ADP	the	DET	 the
The work is generally regarded as a major contribution towards the development of Czech music. It was composed during the period 1863 – 66, and first performed at the Provisional Theatre, Prague, on 30 May 1866 in a two act format with spoken dialogue. Set	Set	VERB	in	ADP	 in
If prophylaxis is not used after these surgeries, symptomatic VTE has about a 4% chance of developing within 35 days. Options for VTE prevention in people follow non orthopedic surgery include early walking, mechanical prophylaxis (intermittent pneumatic compression or graduated compression stockings), and	and	CCONJ	drugs	NOUN	 drugs
In 393, Libanius mentioned that Eusebius promised him a speech written by Longinus for the king. In the fifth century, the philosopher " Syrian Odaenathus " lived in Athens and was a student of Plutarch of Athens; he might have been a distant descendant of the	the	DET	king	NOUN	 king
Warfarin's long half life means that it remains effective for several days after it was stopped. Furthermore, if given initially without additional anticoagulant cover, it can increase thrombosis risk (see below). For these main reasons, hospitalised patients are usually given heparin with	with	ADP	warfarin	NOUN	 warfarin
Locking looks similar to popping, and the two are frequently confused by the casual observer. In locking, dancers hold their positions longer. The lock is the primary move used in locking. It is " similar to a freeze or a sudden pause. " A	A	DET	locker	NOUN	 locker
A large version of the famous photograph of Hines was accorded a prominent position in the Australian War Memorial's permanent building in Canberra after it opened in 1941. The photo was also included in the 2014 redevelopment of the Memorial's permanent World War I exhibition. In	In	ADP	a	DET	 a
The music video ends with her rising from under the water, resting her head and smiling, suggesting the whole scene of her death was a dream or a morbid fantasy. Eva Marie Everson wrote that the music video showed the reality " behind the glitz and the	the	DET	glamour	NOUN	 glamour
Other exhibits include its collection of lorenzen ceramic mushrooms, its coral and shell collection, and its butterfly and insect collection. The museum's namesake Thomas McCulloch was a Scottish Presbyterian minister who served as Dalhousie's first president and created the Audubon mounted bird collection which is	is	AUX	now	ADV	 now
Neversoft developed the GameCube, PlayStation 2, Xbox versions, Canadian developer Beenox developed the Microsoft Windows version, which was only released in Australia and New Zealand as a budget release in 2005, while the Game Boy Advance adaptation was developed by Vicarious Visions and the mobile	mobile	ADJ	phone	NOUN	 phone
On July 6, 1905, Tomita and Maeda gave a judo exhibition at the YMCA in Newport, Rhode Island. On September 30, 1905, they gave a demonstration at another YMCA, in Lockport, New York. In Lockport, the local opponent was Mason	Mason	PROPN	Shimer	PROPN	 Shimer
Emperor Sher Shah widened and realigned the road to other routes, and provided approximately 1700 roadside inns through his empire. These inns provided free food and lodgings to the travelers regardless of their status. The British occupation of this road was of special significance for the British	British	PROPN	Raj	PROPN	 Raj
" He went on to say that Styles and Daniels " were great in the final minutes at conveying sheer exhaustion mixed with desire to win " and that they " had a tough act to follow with the stunt filled Monsters Ball. " As for the Monster's	's	PART	Ball	PROPN	 Ball
The video was also choreographed and styled entirely by Spears, with clothing from Juicy Couture. Spears ultimately added that working behind the camera inspired her to become a director in the future, explaining, " After doing about 20 videos, it gets kind of boring playing	playing	VERB	the	DET	 the
These discussions resulted in the formation of the Green Mountain Boys, with local militia companies in each of the surrounding towns. Allen was named their Colonel Commandant, and cousins Seth Warner and Remember Baker were captains of two of the companies. Further meetings resulted in the	the	DET	creation	NOUN	 creation
He was made a Companion of St Michael and St George in the 1918 New Year's list, and received another mention in despatches in May 1918. On 1 June 1918, Lieutenant General John Monash succeeded Birdwood as commander of the Australian Corps, and Blamey was	was	AUX	promoted	VERB	 promoted
In 1826, Metcalfe served on a House committee that investigated allegations that Vice President John C. Calhoun had improperly benefited from a contract he awarded while serving as Secretary of War in 1822. While Calhoun was cleared of any wrongdoing, his friend, South Carolina Representative George	George	PROPN	McDuffie	PROPN	 McDuffie
Despite the talk of Lennon being working class — as were Paul McCartney, George Harrison and Ringo Starr — he later refuted the idea by saying, " I was a nice clean cut suburban boy, and in the class system I was about a half an inch	inch	NOUN	in	ADP	 in
Optical effects were added to represent the firestorm and the sehlat. The CGI sehlat was based on one which previously appeared in Star Trek: The Animated Series episode " Yesteryear ". Visual effects producer Dan Curry said that the team " looked at the animated series and	and	CCONJ	it	PRON	 it
Nowadays the Roman pound is often given as 327.45 g, but one should keep in mind that (apart from the other uncertainties that come with such a reconstruction) the Roman weight standard is unlikely to have remained constant to such a precision over the centuries, and	and	CCONJ	that	SCONJ	 that
The station is currently the southern terminus of the Bakerloo line, running north via Lambeth North and Waterloo towards Queen's Park, Stonebridge Park or Harrow & Wealdstone. Train frequencies vary throughout the day, but generally trains operate every 4 – 9 minutes between 05:	:	SYM	37	NUM	 37
The first certainly known Bishop of Finland is Thomas, who is first mentioned in 1234. It is however possible, that Fulco, the Bishop of Estonia mentioned in sources from 1165 and 1171, was the same as Folquinus, a legendary Bishop of Finland at the	the	DET	end	NOUN	 end
Occasionally, the hat was adorned with insignia of the wearer's preference, and may have been pinned up for the drill in the use of the regular weapon of the time, the Rifled musket. The first of the Cavalry uniforms were made by the cavalrymen themselves	themselves	PRON	.	PUNCT	.
The main body of Texian soldiers, under Collinsworth, became disoriented in the dark and wandered from the road. They were soon tangled in a mesquite thicket. While working their way back towards the road, the Texians met Ben Milam, a Texas colonist who had	had	AUX	recently	ADV	 recently
Swantopolk had to return lands seized from his brothers, allow Teutonic Knights to pass through his domains, stop charging tolls on ships using the Vistula, and stop any aid to the Prussians. Prussians were compelled to sign the Treaty of Christburg on February 7, 1249	1249	NUM	.	PUNCT	.
On 11 June 2010, Lima Superior Court Judge Juan Buendia ordered van der Sloot held on charges of first degree murder and robbery, determining that he acted with " ferocity and great cruelty ". Under Peruvian law, Van der Sloot was not eligible to be released	released	VERB	on	ADP	 on
It was hoped that the sale would generate £5 M towards the museum. The proposed sale of the artwork had backing from the local paper, the Daily Echo, which had campaigned for three years for the deaccessioning of pieces from the " overflowing " municipal collection	collection	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
Morrison and The Miz (who were a tag team) turned on each other, and they faced each other in a match later in the show, which was interrupted by Big Daddy V. On the October 23 episode of ECW, Big Daddy V faced Kane,	,	PUNCT	and	CCONJ	 and
In 2008, Smith released a prequel to Crown Duel entitled A Stranger to Command, which follows the Marquis of Shevraeth's early life learning military command. In 2010, Book View Cafe released another edition of Crown Duel as an e book, which combined the two	two	NUM	main	ADJ	 main
Jerry Fraser of The Boston Globe was critical in his review of the book, and wrote that " a book that sets out to be ' everything you need to know to travel safer by air ' winds up griping about how the FAA reimburses employees for moving expenses	expenses	NOUN	and	CCONJ	 and
Evidence of later Roman and Celtic activity is confirmed by an ancient Roman road and Bronze Age archaeological relics found at various sites within the town. Placenames of Celtic origin are still to be found in Oldham: Werneth derives from a Celtic personal name identical to the Gaulish	Gaulish	ADJ	vernetum	NOUN	 vernetum
Tara Strong had even attended the convention Canterlot Gardens in a full Twilight Sparkle cosplay to surprise fans. Subsequent BronyCon events since 2013 moved to a larger space provided by the Baltimore Convention Center, with more than 8,000 attending. Other brony conventions include Everfree Northwest in Seattle	Seattle	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
They believe women who touched anteater masks or men who stumbled while wearing them would die or receive some sort of physical disorder. During the Spanish colonization of the Americas, the giant anteater was one of many native fauna taken to Europe for display. At first,	,	PUNCT	Europeans	PROPN	 Europeans
The majority of the casualties suffered from that engagement alone, when the operation concluded on June 26, the 1st Infantry Division had lost 57 soldiers dead and 197 wounded. Then in September, following a string of attacks on allied military installations by Viet Cong and North	North	ADJ	Vietnamese	ADJ	 Vietnamese
With advent of North Indian traditions arriving with the Pallava and Kadamba dynasties, Murukan was infused with the aspects of Kartikeya or Skanda, a god of war from North India. All legends that were attributed to Kartikeya were also attributed to Murukan. The syncretic deity has	has	VERB	six	NUM	 six
Richard Li of 1UP.com noted that the inability to fail a song is both " a bane and a boon "; newer players would not feel frustration at trying to get used to the controller and would be able to quickly unlock all the sets in the game's	's	PART	career	NOUN	 career
Bede's correspondent on Kentish affairs was Albinus, abbot of the monastery of St. Peter and St. Paul (subsequently renamed St. Augustine's) in Canterbury, and these views can almost certainly be ascribed to the Church establishment there. Two charters provide evidence of Wihtred's	's	PART	date	NOUN	 date
In May 2013 the game's name was changed to Alien Rage, and two months later it was announced that the game would be released on the personal computer, Xbox 360, and PlayStation 3 on 24 September 2013. The game was eventually released on 24 September	September	PROPN	2013	NUM	 2013
Fox then starred in Casualties of War, a dark and violent war drama about the Vietnam War, alongside Sean Penn. Casualties of War was not a major box office hit, but Fox, playing a private serving in Vietnam, received good reviews for his performance	performance	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
Formed in 1845, it carried its first passengers the 39 miles (63 km) from Kittybrewster, in Aberdeen, to Huntly on 20 September 1854. By 1867 it owned 226 1 ⁄ 4 route miles (364.1 km) of line and operated over a further	further	ADJ	61	NUM	 61
Its center is located near the town of Chicxulub, after which the crater is named. The date of the Chicxulub impactor, which created it, coincides precisely with the Cretaceous – Paleogene boundary (K – Pg boundary), around 66 million years ago. The	The	DET	crater	NOUN	 crater
The basidia (spore bearing cells) are four spored, hyaline (translucent), and measure 14 – 22 by 8 – 10 µm. The cheilocystidia (cystidia on the gill face) measure 16 – 22 by 4 – 9 µm, and are lageniform (	(	PUNCT	flask	PROPN	flask
By 1854, when it was incorporated, Crescent City had a population of 800 but no road leading inland. The Crescent City and Yreka Plank and Turnpike Company was incorporated at a meeting on June 10, and a survey was completed in October, but work stopped	stopped	VERB	with	ADP	 with
At a time when the service was either made underarm or, usually, at shoulder height, this was seen as a serving dominance and resulted in a modification of the rules for the 1878 Championship. To decrease the target area for the server, the length of	of	ADP	the	DET	 the
In the Borders this was often reflected in a common surname. A shared surname has been seen as a " test of kinship ", proving large bodies of kin who could call on each other's support. At the beginning of the period this could help intensify	intensify	VERB	the	DET	 the
Cancellara rode as a stagiaire for the Mapei – Quick Step team in late 2000 before joining the team for the 2001 season as a member of the " Young Riders Project ". Cancellara's first victory as a professional came at the prologue of the Tour of Rhodes	Rhodes	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
Agricultural export zones have been set up in the state for leechi, horticulture, herbs, medicinal plants, and basmati rice. During 2010, wheat production was 831 thousand tonnes and rice production was 610 thousand tonnes, while the main cash crop of the state,	,	PUNCT	sugarcane	ADV	 sugarcane
" The songs reached an international audience through online blogs, message boards, and file sharing networks before they had been released outside Scandinavia. This was more common for independent bands, and Annie became the first European dance pop musician to cultivate an underground fanbase this way	way	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
While the bee orchid showed adaptation for self fertilisation, its mechanism also enabled occasional cross fertilisation, creating the biological diversity that Darwin felt was needed for vigorous survival, which could not be provided by self fertilisation. As an example of " how beautifully everything is contrived	contrived	VERB	"	PUNCT	 "
Nicolas Louis de Lacaille used the Greek letters Alpha through to Lambda to label the most prominent eleven stars in the constellation, designating two stars as Eta and omitting Iota altogether. Mu Coronae Australis, a yellow star of spectral type G5.5III and apparent magnitude 5.21, was	was	AUX	labelled	VERB	 labelled
South of the Rowley Road diamond interchange, development is sparse, except in Bertram, southwest of the Thomas Road interchange. The freeway progresses through swampy rural land for 3.4 kilometres (2.1 mi), passing by Lake Balmanup in Wandi on its way to the diamond	diamond	NOUN	interchange	NOUN	 interchange
She also performed the song on The Ellen DeGeneres Show on February 23, 2011. Fellow American singer Katy Perry performed a stripped down version of " Born This Way ", on the March 7, 2011, date of her California Dreams Tour, in Paris.	.	PUNCT	The	DET	 The
Antemoro ombiasy (astrologer sages) migrated throughout the island, where they practiced their arts for local communities, served as advisers to kings, and even founded new principalities. This Antemoro mobility and their creation of a network of powerful spiritual advisers across the island is credited	credited	VERB	with	ADP	 with
Midway through the series, she and Adam start a brief love affair, which ends in the penultimate episode. In the fifth series, particularly in its later episodes, Adam suffers from several mental breakdowns following the loss of Fiona. He has recurring nightmares that involve	involve	VERB	his	PRON	 his
Kiarostami was born in Tehran. His first artistic experience was painting, which he continued into his late teens, winning a painting competition at the age of 18 shortly before he left home to study at the University of Tehran School of Fine Arts. He majored in	in	ADP	painting	NOUN	 painting
It later became commonplace for the executioner to strangle the convict, and for the body to be burned post mortem. In the latter half of the eighteenth century, changing attitudes to such public displays prompted Sir Benjamin Hammett MP to denounce the practice in Parliament. His	His	PRON	bill	NOUN	 bill
The " Hy. Edw. " designation appended to some butterfly species names indicates first description by Henry Edwards. This is not to be confused with the " Edw. " designation which stands for William Henry Edwards, an unrelated contemporary and correspondent of Edwards '.	.	PUNCT	At	ADP	 At
All three are yellow white giants of spectral type F7Ib / II, F8II, and F8Ib / II respectively. RT Trianguli Australis is an unusual cepheid variable which shows strong absorption bands in molecular fragments of C2, ⫶ CH and ⋅ CN, and has been classified	classified	VERB	as	ADP	 as
The attack is to be made using a stolen British airliner, earlier hijacked over Iraqi airspace, and an ekranoplan. Bond is assisted in his investigation by Scarlett Papava (whose twin sister Poppy is under Gorner's emotional spell), Darius Alizadeh (the local head	head	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
After Rollins suffered a legitimate severe knee injury at a live event, the WWE World Heavyweight Championship was vacated and it was announced that there would be a tournament to determine a new champion at Survivor Series. On the November 9 episode of Raw, Triple H offered	offered	VERB	to	PART	 to
On moving to Stevenage, Westley said " I've enjoyed my time at Farnborough, but I feel that I need to move on now and that I need to concentrate on football management, which is where my ambitions lie ". He went on to state that	that	SCONJ	Stevenage	PROPN	 Stevenage
Maggie and Glenn decide to venture to the local pharmacy to find more supplies. Before he leaves, Lori asks Glenn to search for something in the feminine hygiene section. At the pharmacy, Glenn discovers the item is a pregnancy test. When Maggie asks him what	what	PRON	he	PRON	 he
The antitoxin inhibits the toxin by downregulating its expression. The proteins are typically around 100 amino acids in length, and exhibit toxicity in a number of ways: CcdB protein, for example, affects DNA gyrase by poisoning DNA topoisomerase II whereas MazF protein is a toxic	toxic	ADJ	endoribonuclease	NOUN	 endoribonuclease
He started his term on December 20, 1849, but the court did not assemble until March 4, 1850. In 1851, his family moved from Iowa to live with him in California. During his term as Chief Justice he ran for the office of Attorney	Attorney	PROPN	General	PROPN	 General
After Itata was able to slip away from San Diego, Charleston caught up with the ship at the Chilean port of Iquique in July 1891 and escorted the ship back to San Diego before her cargo could be unloaded. In October, some months after the Itata Incident	Incident	PROPN	had	AUX	 had
While on pilgrimage, Oda healed the nobleman's illness. Other stories, such as those by the 12th century writer William of Malmesbury, describe Oda as fighting under Edward the Elder and then becoming a priest, but these statements are unlikely. Other statements in the	the	DET	Life	NOUN	 Life
" The series explored how Oliver coped with her death through a flashback episode. Henry, who plays Hanssen, observed that Oliver's return to work saw him make multiple mistakes and " hit rock bottom ". Oliver tried to resign from Holby, though before he	he	PRON	left	VERB	 left
Patterson overrode this direct order, citing his own powers as the lieutenant on the scene and hung up on Martin. A CPD sergeant accompanied Rush, Streeter and Tillman to a waiting police car with the wrapped painting in hand. Parts of the incident were later broadcast	broadcast	VERB	on	ADP	 on
Cumming's service aboard the Duke of Wellington ended with his promotion to rear admiral on 27 February 1870. He served for a while as a port admiral before being appointed, on 14 February 1872, Commander in Chief of the East Indies Station. He remained in	in	ADP	the	DET	 the
Avellone remarked that many of the ideas in the game " could only have been communicated through text, simply because no one would have the budget or resources to fully realise many of these fantasy works through TV or movies ". Ultimately, Avellone has expressed some regret	regret	NOUN	about	ADP	 about
He helped the club to the second best record in the regular season, before losing in the semifinals to Modo Hockey. He ranked second in team scoring with nine points in 11 post season games. Samuelsson moved to North America in 2000 – 01 to begin playing	playing	VERB	within	ADP	 within
The game became part of the Player's Choice label in 2004. Toadstool Tour is a golf game incorporating characters, enemies, and themes from the Mario series. As a typical golf game, the player's objective is to hit the ball into the hole using	using	VERB	as	ADV	 as
" Red Dress " was also included on the set list for the Sugababes ' Change Tour in 2008. During the performance, the song was mashed with Frankie Goes to Hollywood's 1984 single " Two Tribes ". Corresponding with the title of the song, the	the	DET	trio	NOUN	 trio
The design proposed by Ştefan Dimitrie Grecianu was adopted. According to the laws of 1867 and 1872, the princely (later royal) standard was identical to that of the army, with the country ’ s coat of arms in the center. Nevertheless, when these	these	PRON	were	AUX	 were
Ten days previously he destroyed two enemy aircraft, one of which he had pursued for many miles out to sea. Flight Lieutenant McLachlan has set a fine example of courage, initiative and leadership. 29 May 1942 – Squadron leader James McLachlan DFC and Bar (39639	39639	NUM	)	PUNCT	)
In the reverse fixture, at Napoli's Stadio San Paolo on 23 March 2014, Fiorentina were victorious as Joaquín scored the only goal of the game with three minutes remaining; Faouzi Ghoulam had been sent off for the hosts in the first half for fouling Marko Bakić	Bakić	PROPN	when	SCONJ	 when
There are also joint service provisions between the North Worcestershire districts including building control shared services, economic development and regeneration, water management and the emergency planning and business continuity service. Separately, the Secretary of State for Communities and Local Government announced on St. George's Day	Day	PROPN	2013	NUM	 2013
They decided to wait until after the 1962 mid term elections to choose a favored candidate. Following the election, they formally backed Goldwater, who upon hearing the news after a leak in January 1963, notified the group that he did not wish to begin a campaign	campaign	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
Pfeiffer then appeared as chic restauranteuse Jo Ann Vallenari in Tequila Sunrise (1988) opposite Mel Gibson and Kurt Russell, but experienced creative and personal differences with director Robert Towne, who later described her as the " most difficult " actress he has ever worked with.	.	PUNCT	At	ADP	 At
, became interested in the books and bought the first novel in the series, Harry Potter and the Philosopher's Stone, to see what the story was about. As he was reading, he began to notice mythological references in the book. He commented: "	"	PUNCT	I	PRON	 I
Council member James Harter resigned on December 31, 2013, as he had moved outside of the town limits. The town council voted to appoint Jason Nauman to fill Harter's position on February 4, 2014. Mayor Shull Gellner announced in late July that she would	would	AUX	be	AUX	 be
Designed by Tetsuya Nomura, Barret was present in Final Fantasy VII from its early development. Initially, the game was to have only three playable characters, with Barret one of those three, along with the protagonist Cloud Strife and the heroine Aerith Gainsborough. During a	a	DET	phone	NOUN	 phone
Meanwhile, George's health deteriorated. He developed dementia, and became completely blind and increasingly deaf. He was incapable of knowing or understanding either that he was declared King of Hanover in 1814, or that his wife died in 1818. At Christmas 1819, he	he	PRON	spoke	VERB	 spoke
2013 marked the 66th anniversary of Jackie Robinson's debut and 5th straight season all uniformed players, coaches and umpires wore No. 42. The 67th anniversary of Jackie Robinson's debut was celebrated at Historic Dodgertown, where Robinson and teammates used to spend their spring training	training	NOUN	preparing	VERB	 preparing
They employed every possible German cruelty against the Jews long before my book was published. " The Nazi propaganda ministry continued to publish pamphlets, posters and flyers on Kaufman's ideas through the end of the war, and also urged newspapers and public speakers to remind Germans	Germans	PROPN	of	ADP	 of
The impersonation goes too far when Homer is kidnapped by the mafia, who mistake him for the real clown that owes them money. Mob boss Don Vittorio DiMaggio tells Homer he will kill him unless he performs a loop de loop on a tiny bicycle, the only	only	ADJ	trick	NOUN	 trick
However, as costs began to rise, to reach the intended capacity would have cost an extra £30,000 over the original estimate and, at the suggestion of club secretary J. J. Bentley, the capacity was reduced to approximately 80,000. Nevertheless, at a time when	when	SCONJ	transfer	NOUN	 transfer
According to the 2011 census, 74.8% of the population were described as White (65.3% White British), 9.1% as South Asian, 6.7% as Black, 3.9% Mixed Race, 4.5% as Chinese and 0.9% as other ethnic group.	.	PUNCT	In	ADP	 In
The towns administration includes two tiers of power: a mayor and a city council. The city council is elected each four years. The mayor (Croatian: gradonačelnik) has executive power. He is elected directly by the voters. Current Mayor is Željko Turk (	(	PUNCT	Croatian	PROPN	Croatian
The second single, " The Fight Song ", was also released in three versions. The first, " The Fight Song Pt.1 ", was released on January 29, 2001 in the US and February 19 in the UK; the latter was a 12 "	"	PUNCT	picture	NOUN	 picture
Scottish common law began to take shape at the end of the period, assimilating Gaelic and Celtic law with practices from Anglo Norman England and the Continent. In the twelfth century, and certainly in the thirteenth, strong continental legal influences began to have more effect,	,	PUNCT	such	ADJ	 such
She then blockaded the German ships inside the Dardanelles until the ship was ordered on 10 September to the South Atlantic to take part in the hunt for Admiral Graf von Spee's East Asia Squadron. The order was cancelled on 14 September when it became clear that the	the	DET	German	ADJ	 German
Simon also wrote and performed demos for other artists, working for a while with Carole King and Gerry Goffin. After graduating in 1963, Simon joined Garfunkel, who was still at Columbia, to perform together again as a duo, this time with a shared interest	interest	NOUN	in	ADP	 in
Wilson had a reputation as a " dour Scot " and he brooked no discussion during his course. William Hillcourt was a participant in that first course and four days later, he was the senior patrol leader for the second course. He received his Wood Badge beads	beads	NOUN	in	ADP	 in
He was sent to Nellis Air Force Base in Nevada, where he was instructed by William T. Whisner, Jr. in gunnery. He then was named operations officer of the 4th Fighter Group. Hagerstrom, determined to be an ace in two wars, studied MiG 15	15	NUM	reports	NOUN	 reports
In November 2011, the ABU announced that they would organize their own TV and Radio Song Festivals to take place in Seoul, the South Korean capital, to coincide with the 49th General Assembly in October 2012. The name Asiavision Song Contest was initially mentioned as a	a	DET	possibility	NOUN	 possibility
In the autumn of 1794, Schmitt organized the retreat of the main Imperial Army, now under the command of Coburg's successor, Feldzeugmeister Count Clerfayt from their untenable positions in the Austrian Netherlands eastward to the Rhine. In the campaign of 1795, still serving under	under	ADP	Field	PROPN	 Field
Mengele was buried in Embu das Artes under the name " Wolfgang Gerhard ", whose identification card he had been using since 1971. Other pseudonyms used by Mengele included Dr. Fausto Rindón and S. Josi Alvers Aspiazu. Meanwhile, Mengele sightings were reported all over the world	world	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
The type locality was in King County, Washington. It was previously identified as phylogenetic species Mel 10 in a 2011 publication, and erroneously as the " Classic North American Black Morel " in 2005, where it was lumped together with Morchella angusticeps, and what has	has	AUX	since	SCONJ	 since
The film thematizes brutal and irrational authority; Dr. Caligari represents the German war government, and Cesare is symbolic of the common man conditioned, like soldiers, to kill. In his influential book From Caligari to Hitler, Siegfried Kracauer says the film reflects a subconscious need	need	NOUN	in	ADP	 in
The reworked 1996 Broadway production received mixed reviews. Vincent Canby of The New York Times disliked it: " This latest King and I might look like a million dollars as a regional production; on Broadway... it's a disappointment. The score remains enchanting but,	,	PUNCT	somewhere	ADV	 somewhere
This would grant Stabæk Fotball the right to continue to lease the venue even if the holding company went bankrupt. A preliminary injunction for this was granted by Asker and Bærum District Court. In a 16 December statement, three Stabæk Fotball officials said that they suspected that	that	SCONJ	Ulrichen	PROPN	 Ulrichen
The new body will be known as the West Midlands Combined Authority and aims to be established in June 2016. Originally the Greater Birmingham and Solihull Local Enterprise Partnership, covering Birmingham, Solihull and several district councils in Staffordshire and Worcestershire (Bromsgrove, Redditch and Wyre Forest	Forest	PROPN	)	PUNCT	)
Official reports from Guadeloupe indicated 14 dead, 40 injured, 1,000 homes destroyed and extensive damage to the island's infrastructure. The hurricane devastated sugar and banana plantations. One C 124 aircraft delivered seven tons of relief supplies to the island. Moderate to heavy rains fell	fell	VERB	across	ADP	 across
There are four game modes. In single player, the player must hit targets around the arena before a timer runs out. The developer compared this mode to " Break the Targets " in the Super Smash Bros. series. Ascension adds a remodeled version of the target	target	NOUN	levels	NOUN	 levels
By the 1920s most old buildings had been demolished or were in institutional use as traffic noise had driven away residents but a few residential properties remained. Albert, Duke of York lived at No. 145 at the time of his accession as King George VI in 1936	1936	NUM	.	PUNCT	.
In the second leg of the semi finals of the 2011 – 12 UEFA Champions League, against his former club Real Madrid which was now managed by José Mourinho (who had been his manager at Chelsea), after Bayern fell behind 2 – 0, Robben converted	converted	VERB	a	DET	 a
In the domestic arena, Mindaugas strove to establish state institutions: his own noble court, administrative systems, a diplomatic service, and a monetary system. Silver Lithuanian long currency (Lithuanian: Lietuvos ilgieji) circulated, providing an indice of statehood. The Livonian Order	Order	PROPN	used	VERB	 used
Following the evacuation of its citizens on 13 January, the US government stated that it recognised that Zanzibar lay within Britain's sphere of influence, and would not intervene. The US did, however, urge that Britain cooperate with other Southeast African countries to restore order	order	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
In the United Kingdom, the song charted at number 23 the week of Jackson's death. The following week, the song reached its peak at number 12 on the UK Single Chart. On July 12, 2009, " Thriller " peaked at number two on	on	ADP	the	DET	 the
It first aired on Fox in the United States on January 31, 2010. In this episode, Homer wins $1 million in the lottery. Later fearing that Marge will discover that he missed a wedding reception while buying the winning ticket, Homer uses his windfall	windfall	NOUN	to	PART	 to
The crew made several ceilings from bleached muslin tiles. Stern lit the tiles from above to produce a soft, warm light that was intended to evoke the period through tones close to antique and sepia. The crew segregated the tiles using fire safety fabric Duvatyn to prevent	prevent	VERB	light	NOUN	 light
Liu's role was written for RZA's Shaolin teacher Shi Yan Ming, but Ming could not obtain permission to return to China for filming. Development of the film began in 2003 when RZA produced the soundtrack for Quentin Tarantino's film Kill Bill. RZA set himself	himself	PRON	a	DET	 a
Reassigning the name Ficus maxima did not leave F. aurea as the oldest name for this species, as German naturalist Johann Heinrich Friedrich Link had described Ficus ciliolosa in 1822. Berg concluded that the species Link described was actually F. aurea, and since Link's description predated	predated	VERB	Nuttall	PROPN	 Nuttall
Fender was removed from the school immediately; he still came top of the batting averages for 1910 but although selected, he was not allowed to play at Lord's that summer as he was no longer a schoolboy. Despite his successes, St Paul's cricket masters	masters	NOUN	did	AUX	 did
Ark Royal carried out air patrols and bombing raids from 3 – 6 June, before redeploying to Narvik on 7 June. Disaster struck the next day, when Glorious, escorted by Acasta and Ardent, were detached to return to Britain. The three ships were attacked	attacked	VERB	and	CCONJ	 and
At the end of the third quarter, Penn State led 14 – 10. In the fourth quarter, the two teams each failed to score on their first drive, but on Illinois ' second, Scheelhaase connected with Ferguson on a 7 yard pass to finish off	off	ADP	a	DET	 a
Included in the album's liner notes is a quotation from the Bhagavad Gita: " There never was a time when you or I did not exist. Nor will there be any future when we shall cease to be. " A media only single, " Stuck	Stuck	VERB	Inside	ADP	 Inside
" Ann Romney was an active participant in her husband's 2008 presidential campaign. One past issue that arose involving her was disclosure of her donation of $150 to Planned Parenthood in 1994, when her husband was a pro choice candidate for the U.S. Senate. She	She	PRON	said	VERB	 said
Since Akshardham commenced construction activities in 2000, prior to the enactment of this amendment, it did not apply to Akshardham. However certain NGOs and activists felt that the temple was constructed without obtaining the necessary environmental clearances. On January 2005, the U.P. Employees Federation presented	presented	VERB	their	PRON	 their
" Much of her fashion collection was lost when her home was burglarized in May 2009. Bilson's fashions and sense of style made her the unwitting target of the Bling Ring, who burglarized her home on several occasions. In 2011, Bilson collaborated with her personal	personal	ADJ	stylist	NOUN	 stylist
Frank Lampard scored a late equaliser for the visiting team meaning the match was replayed at Stamford Bridge. An own goal by Terry and a strike by Wiltord in the space of seven minutes during the replay gave Arsenal an early lead against Chelsea. Despite going down to	to	ADP	ten	NUM	 ten
Each beneficiary of power is parasitic upon certain kinds of organisations, and has certain key traits which uniquely put them at advantage (Russell 1938: 29 – 34): Thus, a political wire puller such as Grigori Rasputin enjoys power best when playing off another person's	's	PART	hereditary	ADJ	 hereditary
Withdrawals began in January 1961 and the whole class had disappeared from service by December 1962. On 11 May 1941, locomotive No. 934 St. Lawrence was severely damaged at Cannon Street station, London in a Luftwaffe air raid. When built, the Schools Class were	were	AUX	outshopped	VERB	 outshopped
Some instances of looting were later found out to have been carried out by a small number of NOPD officers. Rebecca Solnit, writing in The Nation, reported that “ Several weeks after Hurricane Katrina, community organizer and former Black Panther Malik Rahim had told Amy Goodman	Goodman	PROPN	on	ADP	 on
The project was however not approved by the parliament. Żółkiewski's popularity waned in the latter years of his career. He was accused of not supporting Samuel Korecki during the battle of Sasowy Róg in 1616, of signing the Treaty of Jaruga (Busza) in 1617	1617	NUM	which	PRON	 which
Yugoslav forces withdrew a few weeks later, albeit under protest. The borders of Albania again became the cause of international conflict when Italian General Enrico Tellini and four of his assistants were ambushed and killed on 24 August 1923 while marking out the newly decided border between Greece	Greece	PROPN	and	CCONJ	 and
The failure of most of the governments to deal with the food crisis of the mid 1840s, caused by the potato blight (related to the Great Irish Famine) and several seasons of bad weather, encouraged many to think that the rich and powerful had no interest	interest	NOUN	in	ADP	 in
Despite these reforms, recruiting for the militia proved difficult, and recruiting parties were often harassed and stoned, leading to rioting on several occasions. Pownall was, however, successful in recruiting the province's full quota of militia, and his energetic assistance in the war	war	NOUN	effort	NOUN	 effort
The fiction was unremarkable, but the cover art and illustrations, by Elliott Dold, were high quality, and have made the magazine a collector's item. The magazine ceased publication when Dold became ill and was unable to continue his duties both as editor and artist	artist	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
The dispute held up other colonial business, and was ongoing in September 1729 when Burnet died; his death was apparently caused by illness contracted after his carriage overturned and dumped him in water. William Burnet was born in The Hague, a leading city of the Dutch	Dutch	PROPN	Republic	PROPN	 Republic
Especially with regard to Iran's nuclear program, it was also stressed that Japan and Germany, both technically capable of and yet refraining from possessing any ABC weapons, should assume a leading role in realizing a world free of nuclear weapons and that international sanctions are considered	considered	VERB	to	PART	 to
The Army of Italy, commanded by Louis Joseph Schérer, had already advanced into northern Italy, to deal with Ferdinand and the recalcitrant Neapolitans. At the onset of the 1799 campaign in Italy, Klenau and his 4,500 troops incited and then assisted an uprising of 4,000	4,000	NUM	or	CCONJ	 or
The Buccaneers ' Williams was nearly ejected from the game after throwing Bears lineman Mike Hartenstine to the ground by his face mask after a Gary Fencik interception. The Bears ' five interceptions were their most against the Buccaneers. The Buccaneers ' play was later described as "	"	PUNCT	flat	ADJ	 flat
The tree is a Scots pine (Pinus sylvestris), 25 metres (82 ft) tall, and as its name suggests, consists of three main branches or trunks rising from a common base. It is located in the centre of the Campllong plain, which	which	PRON	measures	VERB	 measures
Chaney gave the song a " C " and said that " something about this segment wasn ’ t as dynamic as it should have been ". Votta and Strecker both described the performance as " pleasant ", the latter also added a " B − " grade	grade	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
He had four goals and six points in seven games for Canada, who won the bronze medal. He returned the following year, leading Canada to a silver medal. Cammalleri led the 2002 tournament in scoring with 7 goals and 11 points, and was named the	the	DET	tournament	NOUN	 tournament
When the service was confined to London, recipients were customarily householders who had met their financial obligations to society, but had since fallen on hard times. The number of recipients continued to track the monarch's age. Until the joint reign of William and Mary,	,	PUNCT	the	DET	 the
In 1979 HL & P said the plant was worth $238 million but DISD's board of equalization said it was worth over $242 million. A legal dispute ensued between the two agencies. During the 1980s, three (3) measures to incorporate the Bacliff	Bacliff	PROPN	area	NOUN	 area
It was built during World War II as part of the Manhattan Project. While Chicago Pile 1 demonstrated the feasibility of nuclear reactors, the Manhattan Project's goal of producing enough plutonium for atomic bombs required reactors a thousand times as powerful, along with facilities to chemically	chemically	ADV	separate	VERB	 separate
During a game, the rules previously agreed upon are often broken by one or more players, leading to unruliness. Despite these drawbacks, several players reported that they played multiplayer. Rise and Fall includes two campaigns, which are divided into acts containing from two to	to	PART	four	NUM	 four
' " Pearl Jam faced a relentless touring schedule for Ten. Drummer Dave Abbruzzese joined the band for Pearl Jam's live shows supporting the album. Halfway through its own planned North American tour, Pearl Jam cancelled the remaining dates in order to take a slot opening	opening	NOUN	for	ADP	 for
Since the construction of a bridge in 1944, the practice of transporting men and goods by coracles has greatly diminished. Electricity supply to Kumbakonam is regulated and distributed by the Kumbakonam circle of Tamil Nadu Electricity Board (TNEB). Water supply is provided by the Kumbakonam	Kumbakonam	PROPN	municipality	NOUN	 municipality
Sizeable amounts of these elements were produced only in 1958 (Burris B. Cunningham and Stanley G. Thomson), and the first californium compound (0.3 µg of CfOCl) was obtained only in 1960 by B. B. Cunningham and J. C. Wallmann. Einsteinium and fermium were identified	identified	VERB	in	ADP	 in
In his first game pitching setup to Axford after losing his closer role, Hoffman stayed in the dugout to watch Axford finish. Many relievers retire back to the clubhouse after being removed from a game. Hoffman's teammates noticed that he stayed supporting Axford through a bases	bases	NOUN	loaded	VERB	 loaded
She was laid down at the Imperial Dockyard in Wilhelmshaven in 1870 and completed in 1878; her long construction time was in part due to a redesign that was completed after work on the ship had begun. Her main battery of four 26 cm (10 in)	)	PUNCT	guns	NOUN	 guns
Bradley's election in 1895 had marked the first time in Kentucky's history that the Commonwealth had elected a Republican governor. Angry Democrats, who had controlled the governorship since the fall of the Whig Party, sought to regain what they had lost. Bitter divisions in	in	ADP	the	DET	 the
The lung has become very large and extends almost the entire length of the body, although the rear portion is thought to have developed to aid buoyancy rather than to exchange gases. The extended lung possibly also serves to store air for dives. Most species of the	the	DET	Hydrophiinae	PROPN	 Hydrophiinae
He would again withdraw from teaching in 1903 and not return to it till 1919. Weber's ordeal with mental illness was carefully described in a personal chronology that was destroyed by his wife. This chronicle was supposedly destroyed because Marianne Weber feared that Max Weber's work	work	NOUN	would	AUX	 would
Summer and fall are generally dry, while intense short duration thunderstorms can occur in late spring and early summer as atmospheric moisture interacts with warm temperatures and steep topography via orographic lifting. During winter, warm, moist air from the Pacific Ocean often brings rain at lower	lower	ADJ	elevations	NOUN	 elevations
The US Air Force maintained that Overton had been denied his medals due to " clerical omissions. " The Air Force, in its citations for Overton's medals, claimed the actions took place at Insadong and Uiju, instead of acknowledging Overton had claimed the victories in	in	ADP	Chinese	ADJ	 Chinese
Spotnitz also noted that the episode offered the writers the opportunity to " set the counter back " for the series ' premise, allowing the character of Scully to still maintain a skeptical standpoint after the events of " Paper Clip ", an earlier third season episode in	in	ADP	which	PRON	 which
Omaha was bounded at either end by large rocky cliffs. The crescent shaped beach presented a gently sloping tidal area averaging 300 m (330 yd) between low and high water marks. Above the tide line was a bank of shingle 2.5 m (8 ft)	)	PUNCT	high	ADJ	 high
The main guitar passage was also sampled by Japanese hip hop act Dragon Ash in its song " Grateful Days ". It was covered by John Craigie on his album Leave the Fire Behind. Deerhunter reinterpreted the song live in 2015, following a legal dispute between frontman	frontman	NOUN	Bradford	PROPN	 Bradford
Atkinson, the female participant, noted Beyoncé's intense use of creamsicle, adding that the scent holds strong enough " to get noticed above the hairspray fumes and thumping bass ". In a list of " Noseworthy Perfumes ", Oprah Winfrey listed Heat Ultimate Elixir at	at	ADP	number	NOUN	 number
The committee's final report, which McCain endorsed, stated that, " While the Committee has some evidence suggesting the possibility a POW may have survived to the present, and while some information remains yet to be investigated, there is, at this time, no	no	DET	compelling	ADJ	 compelling
It had not been clear to other designers just what Wright and Chapman had done with the Type 78, but by early 1978, Gordon Murray had grasped how the Lotus design was achieving its remarkable levels of grip. He also realised that the Alfa Romeo flat 12	12	NUM	engine	NOUN	 engine
After her attack, her mind might be changed. " " Secrets " attracted criticism from political commentators for its " potentially misleading perception " of emergency contraception. Shawn Rhea of Planned Parenthood cited that the morning after pills do not induce abortion, as the episode implies	implies	VERB	.	PUNCT	.
Ronald Reagan even quoted the film in his 1986 State of the Union Address. In 2007, the Library of Congress selected it for preservation in the National Film Registry, and in June 2008 the American Film Institute's special AFI's 10 Top 10 designated the film	film	NOUN	as	ADP	 as
One of the common uses for the token was for streetcar fare. The Third Avenue Railroad company of New York, which had willingly accepted a large quantity of the Lindenmueller tokens in lieu of actual currency, asked Lindenmueller to redeem them. He refused, and the	the	DET	railroad	NOUN	 railroad
A small crew did go to Venice to take wide shots of the buildings that bordered the water but did not have walkways as they did in Trogir. Campbell wanted to incorporate everything he loved about Venice, including church bells and narrow alleyways. Though Trogir was on	on	ADP	the	DET	 the
Significant pests include the cottony cushion scale, a pest of citrus fruit trees, the green peach aphid and other aphids which attack crops worldwide and transmit diseases, and jumping plant lice which are often host plant specific and transmit diseases. Members of the families Reduviidae,	,	PUNCT	Phymatidae	PROPN	 Phymatidae
Conditions later improved so that both aircraft were able to fly to Le Bourget, where G EAJL was dismantled and transported to the Grand Palais where it was exhibited to the public. The other aircraft remained at Le Bourget where it gave pleasure and demonstration flights. The	The	DET	North	PROPN	 North
Since 1640, Portugal had been fighting a war against Spain to restore its independence after a dynastic union of sixty years between the crowns of Spain and Portugal. Portugal had been helped by France, but in the Treaty of the Pyrenees in 1659 Portugal was abandoned by	by	ADP	its	PRON	 its
According to TrekNation, Enterprise's final episode attracted 3.8 million viewers, an increase of 69% over the previous season's finale. On February 3, 2005, UPN and Paramount announced that the fourth season of the show would be its last. The network waited	waited	VERB	until	SCONJ	 until
The Simpsons attend a soccer match between Mexico and Portugal. When the game starts, the crowd begins to lose interest and a violent football riot ensues. After the riot spreads throughout the town, Marge fears for the family and tells Homer to pay for a Home	Home	PROPN	Security	PROPN	 Security
The film that was commissioned instead ended up being Star Trek VI: The Undiscovered Country. In February 2005, after the financial failure of the tenth film, Star Trek: Nemesis (2002), and the cancellation of the television series Star Trek: Enterprise,	,	PUNCT	the	DET	 the
The Boat Race is an annual side by side rowing race between crews from the Universities of Oxford and Cambridge along the River Thames. For the first time in the history of the event, all eight rowers in the Cambridge crew had rowed the previous year. Cambridge	Cambridge	PROPN	won	VERB	 won
Many Fat Freddy ’ s Drop members still played with other Wellington bands while recording Based on a True Story, and scheduling conflicts forced them to record their individual parts at different times to be mixed later. In a later interview, they said it is " healthy	healthy	ADJ	for	SCONJ	 for
The 1912 and 1913 Prom seasons are singled out by Cox as among the finest of this part of Wood's career. Among those conducting their own works or hearing Wood conduct them were Strauss, Debussy, Reger, Scriabin, and Rachmaninoff. Schoenberg's Five Pieces	Pieces	PROPN	for	ADP	 for
He finished the loan spell in March, after making 10 appearances and scoring 3 goals, after which he joined League Two team Darlington on loan until the end of the season on 27 March 2008. He made his debut in a 3 – 1 defeat at Bradford	Bradford	PROPN	City	PROPN	 City
" Beck wrote that The Legend of Korra used magic to illustrate " the growing pains of a modernizing world seeing the rise of technology and capitalism, and taking halting, jerky steps toward self governance ", while portraying no side of the conflict as entirely flawless.	.	PUNCT	Alyssa	PROPN	 Alyssa
The Andalusian astronomer Avempace (d 1138) proposed the Milky Way to be made up of many stars but appears to be a continuous image due to the effect of refraction in Earth's atmosphere, citing his observation of a conjunction of Jupiter and Mars in 1106 or	or	CCONJ	1107	NUM	 1107
Traditionally, several scholars, such as Karl Hopf and Antoine Bon, have furthermore identified a certain Theodore, who appears as " lord of Argos " and Sgouros ' successor in leading the resistance against the Crusaders, with Michael's half brother Theodore Komnenos Doukas. Loenertz	Loenertz	PROPN	points	VERB	 points
Bart Weiss finally broke through the Tech defense for a 12 yard gain and the Falcons ' final touchdown of the game. Though the extra point kick was missed, Air Force had taken an insurmountable 23 – 7 lead with 2: 08 remaining in the game.	.	PUNCT	Following	VERB	 Following
Building on the extensive earlier work of Alphonse de Candolle, Nikolai Vavilov (1887 – 1943) produced accounts of the biogeography, centres of origin, and evolutionary history of economic plants. Particularly since the mid 1960s there have been advances in understanding of the physics of	of	ADP	plant	NOUN	 plant
In the evening draw, Team North America regained the lead from Team World, winning two games and splitting one. Erika Brown and Eve Muirhead played a tight game, and in the final end, Brown had a one point lead from a steal in the sixth	sixth	ADJ	end	NOUN	 end
I do not intend this list to be exhaustive. But if it decides a question remitted to it for decision without committing any of these errors it is as much entitled to decide that question wrongly as it is to decide it rightly. In R. v. Lord President	President	PROPN	of	ADP	 of
It was Baghdad, seat of the Caliphate, however, that exercised cultural and political hegemony over the Ayyubid territories, particularly those in Southwest Asia. For instance, the qadi (" chief justice ") of Damascus was still appointed by the Abbasids during Ayyubid rule	rule	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
Cleaning works by the regional government have been criticised by environmental organisations who claim that the ecology has been damaged. The watershed covers an area of 2,957 square kilometres (1,142 sq mi). The source is disputed, tradition holds that it rises at an artesian well	well	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
A single QF 3 inch (76 mm) AA gun on a high angle Mark II mount was added in January 1915, and another in the following July. These had a maximum depression of 10° and a maximum elevation of 90°. The gun fired	fired	VERB	a	DET	 a
N Acetylcysteine has shown promise in combination with other therapies. Animal studies indicate the amatoxins deplete hepatic glutathione; N acetylcysteine serves as a glutathione precursor and may therefore prevent reduced glutathione levels and subsequent liver damage. None of the antidotes used have undergone prospective, randomized clinical	clinical	ADJ	trials	NOUN	 trials
So much so, in fact, that on the rare occasions he missed a match his absence was felt deeply simply because he was a midfield power house with tremendous vision and knowledge of the game... In my view he was one of Liverpool's greatest players and	and	CCONJ	probably	ADV	 probably
Up to about six eggs are laid and are incubated by the female for twenty nine days. The eggs are bluntly ovoid in shape, olive buff and unspeckled, averaging 49 by 37 mm (1.93 by 1.46 in) in size. The chicks are fed individually	individually	ADV	,	PUNCT	,
Egan has been part of many bands from a young age, and spent his youth experimenting with four track tape recorders and sounds. He was previously a member of the bands Black Belt Jones and Sir Killalot. After leaving Black Belt Jones he went on to become	become	VERB	the	DET	 the
In 2000 the entire DL module series was reprinted exactly as the originals but in a smaller size. This printing was available as two slip case sets, with Dragons of Despair included in Dragonlance Volume 1: DL1 – DL8. The four chapters of Dragons of Autumn	Autumn	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
In October 2005, South Park: Complete Series 1 was released in Australia and with a 15 rating in region 2. " Mr. Hankey, the Christmas Poo " was released again on November 13, 2005 on the compilation DVD Christmas Time in South Park. The	The	DET	distribution	NOUN	 distribution
Pepys went again on the river in the early evening with his wife and some friends, " and to the fire up and down, it still encreasing ". They ordered the boatman to go " so near the fire as we could for smoke; and all	all	ADV	over	ADP	 over
During the war, the battalion lost 1,194 men killed and 2,187 wounded. Members of the battalion received the following decorations: one Victoria Cross, one Companion of the Order of the Bath, two Companions of the Order of St Michael and St George, 13 Distinguished	Distinguished	PROPN	Service	PROPN	 Service
Park had broken up the top level escort. Some 23 Hurricanes of Nos. 253 and 501 Squadrons arrived at the same height as the bombers and delivered a head on attack. Lindmayr's crews were experienced and the formation held its nerve and remained intact. JG	JG	PROPN	3	NUM	 3
He was also a Member of Parliament for a long time, being elected for the first time in parliamentary election of 1936 and serving until his death, except for the period between 1940 and 1945 when the Parliament of Norway was de facto defunct due to the occupation	occupation	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
Some wind farms have become tourist attractions. The Whitelee Wind Farm Visitor Centre has an exhibition room, a learning hub, a café with a viewing deck and also a shop. It is run by the Glasgow Science Centre. In Denmark, a loss of value	value	NOUN	scheme	NOUN	 scheme
The original 1921 interior decoration of the auditorium included fourteen large romantic French themed murals surrounding the proscenium by Chicago artist Louis Grell (1887 1960), a common feature that Rapp and Rapp architects included in their movie palace designs. When it opened October 26, 1921	1921	NUM	,	PUNCT	,
Large scale construction began in 1978 on a site 100 m (330 ft) from the Immorod fishing fields. The Tao tribe alleges that government sources at the time described the site as a " factory " or a " fish cannery ", intended to bring "	"	PUNCT	jobs	NOUN	 jobs
She struggled for runs in the series against the touring South Africans in 2000, aggregating 68 runs from five innings, as once again the English batting – particularly the top order – was criticised. After the conclusion of the series, Taylor struck a century in a	a	DET	county	NOUN	 county
These hyphae are dextrinoid, meaning they will turn reddish to reddish brown in the presence of Melzer's reagent. The cap cuticle is made of parallel, bent over hyphae that are 3 – 10 µm wide, cylindrical. The hyphae are smooth or covered with scattered	scattered	VERB	,	PUNCT	,
The win secured England a place in the final, irrespective of the result in their final match against Australia. In their second match, New Zealand faced an Indian side which had beaten Australia in their first Super Six contest. India batted first and scored 207,	,	PUNCT	during	ADP	 during
In the latter, 11 deaths were reported as two rivers had overflowed their banks while in the former, five people died. Moreover, six people riding in a taxi died in Veracruz during Calvin. Across Nayarit, Calvin brought heavy rains to the state. Later	Later	ADV	in	ADP	 in
He initially attended Whitchurch Highlands Public School and then Huron Heights Secondary School. Curtis grew up playing hockey for the East Gwillimbury Eagles of the OMHA until moving west to play for his high school team, Notre Dame College (Wilcox, Saskatchewan) Although he led the	the	DET	Notre	PROPN	 Notre
Women were also known to occasionally sit on juries in Plymouth, a remarkable circumstance in seventeenth century legal practice. Historians James and Patricia Scott Deetz cite a 1678 inquest into the death of Anne Batson's child, where the jury was composed of five women and seven	seven	NUM	men	NOUN	 men
Red foxes prefer to dig their burrows on well drained soils. Dens built among tree roots can last for decades, while those dug on the steppes last only several years. They may permanently abandon their dens during mange outbreaks, possibly as a defence mechanism against the	the	DET	spread	NOUN	 spread
He is the 11th priest from the archdiocese to be so designated since its creation in 1958. On April 20, 2010, Pope Benedict XVI accepted the resignation of Archbishop John Favalora eight months early and appointed Bishop Thomas Wenski of the Roman Catholic Diocese of Orlando as	as	ADP	his	PRON	 his
Kylie is characterised through her " full on personality " and has a feisty attitude. She has often been described as a " gobby female " who wants a better life and ultimately she is driven by money. Kylie has a son, Max (Harry McDermott)	)	PUNCT	,	PUNCT	,
In the German Revolution (November 1918), Emperor Wilhelm II and all German ruling princes abdicated their positions and responsibilities. Germany's new political leadership signed the Treaty of Versailles in 1919. In this treaty, Germany, as part of the Central Powers, accepted	accepted	VERB	defeat	NOUN	 defeat
Accompanying Edgeworth to Ireland as Dick's tutor, Day fell in love and was spurned first by Edgeworth's sister and then by at least three further women in quick succession. Day came to the conclusion that he would be unable to find a wife that would meet	meet	VERB	his	PRON	 his
According to the actor, when he took on the show, he had made it clear that he would continue with his South Indian film assignments, and as the show was being filmed in Mumbai, he had found it hard to keep travelling throughout India from Chennai	Chennai	PROPN	to	PART	 to
By the first century, the Jewish community in Babylonia, to which Jews migrated after the Babylonian conquest as well as after the Bar Kokhba revolt in 135 CE, already held a speedily growing population of an estimated one million Jews, which increased to an estimated two	two	NUM	million	NUM	 million
The English and Scottish parliaments were replaced by a combined Parliament of Great Britain, but it sat in Westminster and largely continued English traditions without interruption. Forty five Scots were added to the 513 members of the House of Commons and 16 Scots to the 190 members of	of	ADP	the	DET	 the
She displaced 29,779 long tons (30,257 t) as designed and up to 34,253 long tons (34,803 t) at full combat load. The ship was powered by four General Electric geared steam turbine sets, each driving one propeller, and eight oil fired Babcock &	&	CCONJ	Wilcox	PROPN	 Wilcox
When he led an attack, Sitting Bull was shot in the left hip by a soldier. The bullet exited out through the small of his back, and the wound was not serious. From 1866 to 1868, Red Cloud as a leader of the Oglala Lakota	Lakota	PROPN	fought	VERB	 fought
Kinkaid deployed all available Seventh Fleet vessels in the Surigao Strait under Oldendorf facing Nishimura and Shima. In the Battle of the Surigao Strait that night, Kinkaid engaged the Japanese with his PT boats and Oldendorf's destroyers, cruisers and battleships. Oldendorf was able to "	"	PUNCT	cross	VERB	 cross
Development plans from six teams of developers and architects were submitted to the city in October 2001. These plans included designs for public plazas, a library branch, residential units, retail space, and a new city hall. Formal design proposals were submitted in early 2002	2002	NUM	.	PUNCT	.
He scored his first World Cup qualification goals in victories over the Faroe Islands and Austria in October 2009. His cap against Austria would be his last of the Domenech era as he failed to make France's preliminary 30 man squad for the World Cup. Domenech cited	cited	VERB	Benzema	PROPN	 Benzema
After approval, the king may ratify and issue the act or return it within six months to the National Assembly where it may only pass into law if approved by two thirds of both councils. In 1973, the country held its first parliamentary elections; however,	,	PUNCT	two	NUM	 two
It was one of twelve elementary flying training schools employed by the RAAF to provide introductory flight instruction to new pilots as part of Australia's contribution to the Empire Air Training Scheme. No. 4 EFTS was established in January 1940 at Mascot, New South Wales,	,	PUNCT	and	CCONJ	 and
Crates in the environment contain extra weapons, ammo, and other powerups. Players can level up and complete weapon challenges which earn them rewards such as new character models, golden weapon skins, new titles, and new breeds of animal mounts. Additional multiplayer modes were	were	AUX	added	VERB	 added
Japanese market In November 2012, Nissan announced the specifications of the updated 2013 model Leaf destined for the Japanese market. The improved version delivers a range increase of 14% on the Japanese cycle, allowing the travel distance on a full charge to go from 200 to	to	ADP	228	NUM	 228
HBO was initially doubtful about including a police drama in its lineup but eventually agreed to produce the pilot episode. Simon approached the mayor of Baltimore, telling him that he wanted to give a bleak portrayal of certain aspects of the city; Simon was welcomed to work	work	VERB	there	ADV	 there
Tetragrammaton's advance of $250,000 had been used to book two weeks in the studio, a time which covered songwriting, rehearsals and recording sessions. Time was granted in larger amount than for the making of Shades of Deep Purple in May, feeding the band ’	’	PUNCT	s	VERB	 s
They also made Premier League history by becoming the first team to beat United from a two goal deficit since the league's launch in 1992. During the 2014 – 15 season, a dismal run of form saw the team slip to the bottom of the league table	table	NOUN	with	ADP	 with
Originally intended to serve a two year mission, a mission extension through 2012 was approved in October 2009. It has proven so useful that a follow on mission, the Solar Dynamics Observatory (SDO), was launched in February 2010. Situated at the Lagrangian point	point	NOUN	between	ADP	 between
Nissan explained that these changes reflect customer preferences in the US based on actual orders of the 2011 model in the seven initial launch market states, as the SL trim was chosen by 95% of the buyers, and of those Leaf SLs, 90% had the	the	DET	DC	PROPN	 DC
Under the player's control, the characters proceed across a purple landscape that represents Funkotron, and are greeted by their friends and family. ToeJam & Earl takes place from a 3 / 4 perspective in a 2D game world. Its gameplay mechanics were inspired by Rogue	Rogue	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
At the time of veraison, when the grapes first start to fully ripen, there is the equivalent pyrazine level of 30 ng / l. In cooler climates, it is difficult to get Cabernet Sauvignon grapes to ripen fully to the point where pyrazine is not detected.	.	PUNCT	The	DET	 The
She has criticised the Brit Awards for ostensibly being too corporate focussed, and has called for a new ceremony ideologically between the Brits and the " left field " Mercury Prize. Diamandis used to meet fans after each performance, but ended this practice for safety reasons during	during	ADP	the	DET	 the
" The tenth song, " 6 ' 10 " ", is an alt country ballad that was written in response to people making jokes about Bawinkle's height. The man depicted in the track is six feet ten inches (2.08 meters) tall and has to	to	PART	deal	VERB	 deal
Mantises were considered to have supernatural powers by early civilizations, including Ancient Greece, Ancient Egypt, and Assyria. A cultural trope popular in cartoons imagines the female mantis as a femme fatale. Mantises are among the insects most commonly kept as pets. Over 2,400 species	species	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
In high school, students may choose to take courses in instrumentation or singing, and may be exposed to music in other areas of the curriculum, such as in theater or drama classes. Public school instruction in music in Baltimore began in 1843. Prior to that	that	PRON	,	PUNCT	,
Fears of a potential Catholic monarch persisted, intensified by the failure of Charles II and his wife to produce any children. A defrocked Anglican clergyman, Titus Oates, spoke of a " Popish Plot " to kill Charles and to put the Duke of York on the	the	DET	throne	NOUN	 throne
In response to the earthquake's occurrence, the Federal District announced the installation of 50,000 seismic alarms in local schools, hospitals, and offices. Reassessments of structural conditions — particularly in earthquake prone parts of the state — were scheduled, and about 1,817,000 government workers partook	partook	VERB	in	ADP	 in
He was also a member of the Athenaeum Club. At the time of his death, Shah's books had sold over 15 million copies in a dozen languages worldwide, and had been reviewed in numerous international journals and newspapers. Shah's early books were studies of	of	ADP	what	PRON	 what
War was declared on 8 June 1529. Zurich was able to raise an army of 30,000 men. The Five States were abandoned by Austria and could raise only 9,000 men. The two forces met near Kappel, but war was averted due to the intervention of Hans	Hans	PROPN	Aebli	PROPN	 Aebli
It was my choice to work on the live Cirque show and to get that where I wanted it to be. " Now that that show is just humming and doing amazing business — it ’ s the # 1 bestselling magic show in the world as far as	as	ADP	ticket	NOUN	 ticket
The Undercover Brothers ended in 2012 and was replaced in 2013 by The Hardy Boys Adventures, also narrated in the first person. Through all these changes, the characters have remained popular. The books sell more than a million copies a year. Several additional volumes are	are	AUX	published	VERB	 published
She was commissioned into service that same month and was assigned to the 4th Light Cruiser Squadron of the Grand Fleet in which she served through the end of World War I and until 1919. The squadron was generally tasked with screening the battleships of the Grand Fleet during	during	ADP	the	DET	 the
Faust believes that her future animated shows aimed at girls will be easier to sell considering the male adult fandom of Friendship Is Magic, and that that type of programming is not as great a risk as is perceived. After Hasbro issued a cease and desist to the	the	DET	Fighting	NOUN	 Fighting
The 2007 USC Trojans entered the season picked as the unanimous No. 1 team, with expectations of playing in the BCS National Title Game. After the loss to 41 point underdog Stanford the team's opportunities for national success came into serious question, and following the	the	DET	loss	NOUN	 loss
This soundtrack was assembled by DJ and producer High Contrast. Music with a fast rhythm of 120 bpm was used in an attempt to keep the teams walking quickly around the stadium, and this was reinforced by the drummers in the stadium; nevertheless the parade part of	of	ADP	the	DET	 the
Over them drones, day after day, the obscene shape of the atom bomber, laying a trail like a filthy slug upon Constable's and Gainsborough's sky. England of the Nissen hut, the " pre fab ", and the electric fence, of the	the	DET	high	ADJ	 high
Schmid spent 19 seasons as the head coach at UCLA, accumulating a record of 322 – 63 – 33 (wins – losses – draws), and reaching 16 consecutive playoffs between 1983 and 1998. He earned a reputation for producing some of the nation's best	best	ADJ	goalkeepers	NOUN	 goalkeepers
Tecumseh then traveled to the south on a mission to recruit allies among the " Five Civilized Tribes ". Most of the southern nations rejected his appeals, but a faction of the Creeks, who came to be known as the Red Sticks, answered his call to	to	ADP	arms	NOUN	 arms
Sarita and Wilde won the second encounter over Kong and Saeed. The finals for the tournament were then set for TNA's No Surrender PPV event, with The Beautiful People versus Sarita and Wilde. Sarita and Wilde defeated Madison Rayne, a substitute for Angelina Love who	who	PRON	had	AUX	 had
Borglum, Venable, and Randolph backed different KKK members for national leadership. Both Borglum and the Association accused each other of graft; the sculptor proposed that he form a syndicate to purchase the half dollars from the Mint and sell them with the profits to be applied	applied	VERB	directly	ADV	 directly
A tornado was also spawned in the area, damaging three homes. In Florida, the storm brought heavy rainfall to some areas, causing localized flooding. There were nine tornadoes in Florida, the worst of which touched down in The Acreage and downed power lines and	and	CCONJ	trees	NOUN	 trees
" Because of the fact she does not pursue a romantic interest in Batman, " Batgirl is a female Batman can actually regard as a brilliant peer and a partner in the war on crime, the same way he would a male. " Historian Peter Sanderson observed	observed	VERB	that	SCONJ	 that
Flight testing continued in October in Novosibirsk, to where the LII (Russian: Лётно исследовательский институт — Flight Research Institute) had been evacuated. Eliminating the stability problem took until March 1942, although the engines remained as unreliable as ever. By the summer of 1942	1942	NUM	it	PRON	 it
The planet orbits approximately 0.135 astronomical units from its primary star, as compared to Earth's orbit at approximately one astronomical unit away from the Sun. As a result, one year on HD 40307 d constitutes approximately 20.45 Earth days. The eccentricity of the planet's	's	PART	orbit	NOUN	 orbit
Violet decides to use the other functioning Combot to complete the tests. After Combot completes five tests, Violet kidnaps Jin, Kazuya and Heihachi for Combot's final test. Combot apparently has the upper hand, but Jin transforms into his Devil form and destroys it.	.	PUNCT	Violet	PROPN	 Violet
Given little instruction from the studio, screenwriter Deborah Moggach spent over two years adapting Pride and Prejudice for film. She had sole discretion with the early script, and eventually wrote approximately ten drafts. Realising it held " a perfect three act structure ", Moggach attempted	attempted	VERB	to	PART	 to
Egypt sent a battalion of Special Forces (Saaqah) on a mission to act as personal guards for Sallal. They arrived at Hodeida on October 5. Fifteen days after he had left San ' a, al Badr sent a man ahead to the Saudi Arabia to	to	PART	announce	VERB	 announce
Marshall also hoped to include the song " Into the Light " by the Banshees, but it was left out due to the producer disliking it and the cost being too high to license it. For its theatrical run, the film was originally intended to be distributed	distributed	VERB	by	ADP	 by
The team adapted the engine to allow Manny's head to move separately from his body to make the player aware of important objects nearby. The 3D engine also aided in the choreography between the spoken dialog and body and arm movements of the characters. Additionally, full	full	ADJ	motion	NOUN	 motion
Roots music, including rhythm and blues, began to enjoy another resurgence of interest towards the end of the 1980s and in the 1990s. Annual blues festivals were established, including The Great British Rhythm and Blues Festival, held at Colne in Lancashire from 1989, which	which	PRON	hosts	VERB	 hosts
L. magnicristatus (C.M. Sternberg, 1935) is only definitely known from two specimens, both with skulls. Unfortunately, the majority of the articulated skeleton of the type specimen has been lost. Many of the bones were extensively damaged by water while in storage and were	were	AUX	discarded	VERB	 discarded
" In January 1962, Saban was named the coach of the Buffalo Bills, another AFL team, signing a one year contract worth $20,000 ($156,458 in 2016 dollars). The Bills had a 7 – 6 – 1 record in Saban's first season	season	NOUN	and	CCONJ	 and
By 1884, they had completed a new synagogue building there, at a cost of $39,130 (today $1,031,000). The Byzantine Revival structure had an impressive façade featuring twin tall spires and a large round window containing a Star of David. The building helped	helped	VERB	attract	VERB	 attract
However, neither Robinson nor Rodman, who had disrupted a playoff game against the Lakers by sitting down on the court, could stop Olajuwon, who averaged 35.3 points against the elite defensive Spurs frontcourt, and helped eliminate the Spurs in six games. Rodman admitted his	his	PRON	frequent	ADJ	 frequent
Depp initially forgot to have them removed after shooting The Curse of the Black Pearl, and wore them throughout the shooting of the sequels. Like all aspects of Depp's performance, Disney initially expressed great concern over Depp's teeth. Sparrow wears his goatee in two	two	NUM	braids	NOUN	 braids
Saldana's mother was a Star Trek fan and sent her voice mails during filming, giving advice on the part. Sydney Tamiia Poitier also auditioned for the part. The film officially establishes the character's first name, which had never been previously uttered on TV or	or	CCONJ	in	ADP	 in
The portion of DE 16 west of DE 1 serves as part of a route connecting the Chesapeake Bay Bridge and the Baltimore Washington Metropolitan Area to the Delaware Beaches. DE 16 has an annual average daily traffic count ranging from a high of 9,886 vehicles at the eastern	eastern	ADJ	edge	NOUN	 edge
The cases assigned by each preposition are based on the physical (or metaphorical) direction, or location, conveyed by it. For example, od (from, away from) and z (out of, off) assign the genitive case. Other prepositions take	take	VERB	one	NUM	 one
Her 27 crew were unharmed but required rescue by a military helicopter. The ship was subsequently deemed a total loss and crews began scrapping the vessel on site in February 2016. In nearby Colima, preliminary surveys indicated localized but severe damage. A total of 200 schools	schools	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
Research by biologists and veterinarians at Colorado State University, the University of Kentucky, and other colleges found that there is little inbreeding in bands, as the stallions tend to drive off colts when they are about two years old. BLM counts the herd visually about every	every	DET	four	NUM	 four
Catherine herself had been educated in astrology and astronomy. Though these were largely considered respectable subjects, Catherine's biographer Leonie Frieda believes that it was her fascination with these subjects that has earned her the reputation history and her peers accorded her. Indeed, it has been	been	AUX	suggested	VERB	 suggested
Chapter 14 Round 2 Setting out at 5 a.m., they attempt to climb the East ridge. It becomes very hot. The rock is gritty with sharp flakes of mica. They pretend to be " Damon Runyon characters trying to climb a mountain " to cheer themselves	themselves	PRON	up	ADP	 up
The first priority of Raúl Alfonsín was to consolidate democracy, incorporate the armed forces into their standard role in a civilian government, and prevent further military coups. Alfonsín first tried to reduce the political power of the military with budget cuts, reductions of military personnel and	and	CCONJ	changing	VERB	 changing
At the stadium, a television crew is conducting interviews. It is revealed that coach Taylor, who has recently been made head coach, used to coach the exceptionally gifted quarterback Jason Street. It also becomes clear that there is a deep seated conflict between Tim Riggins	Riggins	PROPN	and	CCONJ	 and
She led the 1st Destroyer Flotilla from completion until the ship was transferred to the 3rd Destroyer Flotilla in mid 1912. A year later Boadicea was reassigned to the 2nd Battle Squadron and she spent the bulk of World War I with that squadron. The ship was present	present	ADJ	at	ADP	 at
The mantis thorax consists of a prothorax, a mesothorax, and a metathorax. In all species apart from the genus Mantoida, the prothorax, which bears the head and fore legs, is much longer than the other two thoracic segments. The prothorax is also flexibly	flexibly	ADV	articulated	VERB	 articulated
They have bought sixteen candles, but Meg overreacts when telling them that she is turning seventeen years old, and calls them jerks. Meg notices that her birthday party is kiddie type, with games such as Pin the Tail on the Donkey. At the party,	,	PUNCT	Peter	PROPN	 Peter
As of 2012, Columbia's library system includes over 11.9 million volumes, making it the eighth largest library system and fifth largest collegiate library system in the United States. It has also been ranked among the United States ' most beautiful libraries. Several buildings on the	the	DET	Morningside	PROPN	 Morningside
Strings were later added by Sean O'Hagan. Rhys has stated that renting their own studio in Cardiff has given the band the ability to work on tracks such as " Slow Life " over a period of years — the group visit the studio almost every day and play	play	VERB	:	PUNCT	:
It had been originally unearthed in 1993 in northwestern South Dakota. The authors had found the internal detail through computed tomography (CT) imagery. They suggested that the heart had been saponified (turned to grave wax) under airless burial conditions, and then changed to	to	ADP	goethite	NOUN	 goethite
Abroad in the Netherlands, the Great Fire of London was seen as a divine retribution for Holmes's Bonfire, the burning by the English of a Dutch town during the Second Anglo Dutch War. In the chaos and unrest after the fire, Charles II feared another	another	DET	London	PROPN	 London
", " What sex is the half man half woman? ", and " Can a full grown woman truly love a midget? " Surprisingly, given its reaction to Frankenstein, the state of Kansas objected to nothing in Freaks. However, other states,	,	PUNCT	such	ADJ	 such
The film now most commonly cited as the first " true " film noir is Stranger on the Third Floor (1940), directed by Latvian born, Soviet trained Boris Ingster. Hungarian émigré Peter Lorre — who had starred in Lang's M — was top billed	billed	VERB	,	PUNCT	,
Known as the Oruktor Amphibolos, it was the first automobile in the country and the world's first amphibious vehicle, although it was too primitive to be a success as either. Evans was a visionary who produced designs and ideas far ahead of their time. He	He	PRON	was	AUX	 was
Serious damage is rare, as the fights are usually short in duration, with the loser running away with little more than a few scratches to the face and ears. However, fights for mating rights are typically more severe and injuries may include deep puncture wounds and	and	CCONJ	lacerations	NOUN	 lacerations
The sets included brief audio commentaries from various crew and cast members for several episode's, the webisodes entitled " Outbreak ", five " featurettes " on the making of the show, detailing on the fashion, bodies and special effects throughout the season, as well	well	ADV	as	ADP	 as
Dr. Wily grows disloyal of his partner and reprograms these six robots to aid himself in taking control of the world. Dr. Light sends Mega Man to defeat his fellow creations and stop Dr. Wily. Mega Man consists of six side scrolling platformer levels freely chosen by the	the	DET	player	NOUN	 player
Polygamous breeding systems arise when females are able to raise broods without the help of males. Some species may use more than one system depending on the circumstances. Breeding usually involves some form of courtship display, typically performed by the male. Most displays are rather simple	simple	ADJ	and	CCONJ	 and
Progressives welcomed these new international organizations and regimes in the aftermath of the two World Wars, but argued that they suffered from a democratic deficit and were therefore inadequate not only to prevent another global war but to foster global justice. The United Nations was designed in 1945	1945	NUM	by	ADP	 by
One tells how he aided Zanclus, the founder of Zancle (the former name for Messina), by building the promontory which forms the harbor. The other, which Diodorus ascribes to Hesiod, relates that there was once a broad sea between Sicily and the mainland	mainland	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
William Mzisi, a Fengu from the Cape, who had been to the diamond fields at Kimberley, pointed out that the mining would take thousands of men rather than the handful Lobengula had imagined, and argued that digging into the land amounted to taking possession of it	it	PRON	:	PUNCT	:
Some Christian saints are considered patrons of shepherds, and even of sheep themselves. Christ is also portrayed as the Sacrificial lamb of God (Agnus Dei) and Easter celebrations in Greece and Romania traditionally feature a meal of Paschal lamb. In many Christian traditions, a	a	DET	church	NOUN	 church
In 1979, Discotheque interpolated the song on " Intro Disco ". In 1987, MC Miker G of MC Miker G & DJ Sven interpolated the song on his track " My Body Energized ". In 1994, it was interpolated on the song " Move That	That	DET	Body	NOUN	 Body
Late in the same year, he was ordered to sea duty as Commanding Officer of the Marine Detachment on the USS Denver (CL 16) and was promoted to captain on December 21, 1927. During service in Central American waters, his detachment was ashore in	in	ADP	Nicaragua	PROPN	 Nicaragua
The 1815 census showed the territory had a population exceeding 63,000, more than the minimum requirement for statehood under the Northwest Ordinance of 1787. The House began a debate on the measure and passed the Enabling Act on April 11, 1816. The act granted Indiana the	the	DET	right	NOUN	 right
Attendance levels at Andover's matches reached a peak in the late 1960s. During the 1969 – 70 season, home attendances at league matches averaged over 550, with the largest crowd being the 2,144 people who watched their FA Cup match against local rivals Salisbury. In	In	ADP	the	DET	 the
The fifty move rule was also added. At various times, the number of moves required was different, such as 24, 60, 70, or 75. For several years in the 20th century, the standard fifty moves was extended to one hundred moves for	for	ADP	a	DET	 a
As Constitution herself was still in commission, the name was unavailable for a new ship. Merrick & Sons was awarded a $780,000 contract for the ship on 15 October 1861 for delivery in nine months. A $500 penalty was imposed for each day past 15	15	NUM	July	PROPN	 July
In 2009, an exhibition of Dunham's Javanese batik textile collection (A Lady Found a Culture in its Cloth: Barack Obama's Mother and Indonesian Batiks) toured six museums in the United States, finishing the tour at the Textile Museum of Washington, D.C. in	in	ADP	August	PROPN	 August
A campaign was launched that, over the following 13 years, raised funds and made plans for the new facility. England abruptly retired in 1997 and was replaced by Jeff Brokamp, who had been principal of the Crest Hills Year Round School, which had won awards	awards	NOUN	for	ADP	 for
Much later transports of warships across the Isthmus in the late 9th century and around 1150 are assumed to have used a route other than the Diolkos due to the extensive time lag. The Diolkos played an important role in ancient naval warfare. Greek historians note several occasions	occasions	NOUN	from	ADP	 from
He often raised the possibility of her moving into Graceland, saying that he was likely to leave Priscilla. The Presleys separated on February 23, 1972, after Priscilla disclosed her relationship with Mike Stone, a karate instructor Presley had recommended to her. Priscilla relates that	that	SCONJ	when	SCONJ	 when
The evaluation of how effective a team is, is achieved with the aid of a variety of components derived from research and theories that help in creating a description of the multifaceted nature of team effectiveness. According to Hackman (1987), team effectiveness can be defined	defined	VERB	in	ADP	 in
They wrote that the American humor was too mature and that the gameplay was too immature, as if for beginners. GamePro gave the game a mixed review, commenting that " The lack of a convincing story line and the dull NES clone graphics... will make serious	serious	ADJ	RPG	PROPN	 RPG
Brian Roberts, writing for the Daily Mirror, claimed that Wonderland was " tipped to go head to head " for the number one classical album position with releases from Il Divo and Rhydian Roberts. Wonderland is a concept album loosely based on Lewis Carroll's Alice in	in	ADP	Wonderland	PROPN	 Wonderland
They rolled quickly with a metacentric height of 4.2 feet (1.3 m) at deep load and their six inch guns were as wet as predicted. The cruisers were powered by two 4 cylinder triple expansion steam engines, each driving one shaft, which produced a total	total	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
" Along with the looping music, the lyrics are simple and obtuse in nature, which McCormick believed was done deliberately like " You can have the password to my phone / I'll give you a massage when you get home ". There are also references to	to	ADP	her	PRON	 her
Born on 12 June 1884 at Ingatestone, Essex, Petre (pronounced " Peter ") was the son of Sebastian Henry Petre and his wife Catharine. He was schooled at Mount St Mary's College, Chesterfield, before following his father into law and becoming a	a	DET	solicitor	NOUN	 solicitor
His father, a cotton merchant and cricket enthusiast, served as honorary treasurer to the Lancashire team from 1881 until his death in 1900. MacLaren senior encouraged his sons to play cricket. With the aim of improving their ability in the game, MacLaren senior sent Archie	Archie	PROPN	and	CCONJ	 and
No potentially curative treatment exists except surgery, but most people have advanced stage disease at presentation and are inoperable at the time of diagnosis. People with cholangiocarcinoma are generally managed - though not cured - with chemotherapy, radiation therapy, and other palliative care measures. These	These	PRON	are	AUX	 are
Tintin has become a symbol of Belgium and so was used in a variety of visual responses to the 2016 Brussels bombings. Following are the twenty four canonical Tintin comic albums as named in English. Publication dates are of the original French language versions. The following are	are	AUX	double	ADJ	 double
Carter's son Matthew would later describe his research as helping to demonstrate " that the finest collection of printing types made in typography's golden age was in perfect condition (some muddle aside) [along with] Plantin's accounts and inventories which names the cutters of	of	ADP	his	PRON	 his
Eadbald's reduced power is apparent in his inability to restore Mellitus to the see of London: in Bede's words, his authority in Essex " was not so effective as that of his father ". However, Kentish power was still sufficient to make alliance with	with	ADP	Eadbald	PROPN	 Eadbald
A direct sequel for the Wii, Fire Emblem: Radiant Dawn, was released in 2007 in North America and Japan, and 2008 in Europe and Australia. Fire Emblem: Path of Radiance is a tactical role playing video game in which players control protagonist Ike and	and	CCONJ	a	DET	 a
He was admitted to hospital for tests and monitoring. Doctors say that Scaramella was exposed to a much lower level of polonium 210 than Litvinenko, and that preliminary tests found " no evidence of radiation toxicity ". According to the 6 pm Channel 4 news (9	9	NUM	December	PROPN	 December
Following introductions, Tomita demonstrated falls and throws, then Maeda threw the university's wrestling instructor. According to the student newspaper, " Another interesting feature was the exhibition of some of the obsolete jiu jitsu tricks for defense with a fan against an opponent armed with the	the	DET	curved	VERB	 curved
Johansson appeared in the 2008 music video for The Black Eyed Peas front man will.i.am's song, " Yes We Can ", directed by Jesse Dylan, a song inspired by Obama's speech following the 2008 New Hampshire primary. On February 7, 2012, Johansson	Johansson	PROPN	and	CCONJ	 and
While Agesilaus was in camp preparing to sell off his spoils, the Athenian general Iphicrates, with a force composed almost entirely of light troops and peltasts (javelin throwers), won a decisive victory against the Spartan regiment that had been stationed at Lechaeum in the Battle	Battle	PROPN	of	ADP	 of
They bend bamboo shoots horizontally in order to walk on them and eat from higher branches. Pudús are solitary and only come together for rut. Mating season is in the Southern Hemisphere autumn, from April to May. Pudú DNA is arranged into 70 chromosomes. To	To	PART	mate	VERB	 mate
He scored his first points on January 4, 2012 against the New Jersey Nets. He got significant minutes for the first time in a game against the Indiana Pacers at Bankers Life Fieldhouse in his home state, when he played 20 minutes. In the subsequent weeks	weeks	NOUN	with	ADP	 with
He abandoned the race with hopes of recovering in time for the Giro d'Italia. Vinokourov had a successful Critérium du Dauphiné. He finished second in the prologue time trial and assumed the race lead the next day on the first road race stage. He held the jersey	jersey	PROPN	for	ADP	 for
She and Ernst shared custody of Elisabeth, who spent six months of each year with each parent. Elisabeth blamed Victoria for the divorce and Victoria had a difficult time reconnecting with her daughter. Ernst wrote in his memoirs that Elisabeth hid under a sofa, crying,	,	PUNCT	before	ADP	 before
Not good during the summer because it's sunshine all the time, 24 hours a day. " Apart from a change in musical style, the band changed the way they recorded. " It was the first time we sort of jammed, " Coxon revealed.	.	PUNCT	"	PUNCT	 "
" In an interview with Los Angeles Times, director Todd Graff admitted there were cultural incongruities underlying the film. " I know, it's demented. Every once in a while on set I would think to myself, ' I can't believe we got away	away	ADV	with	ADP	 with
" Shine " is a reggae pop and ska song that lasts three minutes and twenty four seconds. It is composed in the key of E minor using common time and a moderately fast tempo of 140 beats per minute. Instrumentation is provided by strings, horns,	,	PUNCT	a	DET	 a
All Black campaigns in The Rugby World Cup were halted by defeats to France in 1999 and 2007, and were nearly upset again in 2011 with a very narrow 8 7 victory in the final. The first ever New Zealand tour to the Northern Hemisphere was in 1905	1905	NUM	–	PUNCT	 –
Early on October 31, Beta weakened to a tropical depression and dissipated a few hours later over the mountains of central Nicaragua. Although Panama and Costa Rica were not in the direct path of Hurricane Beta, storm warnings were issued for the two countries on October 27	27	NUM	as	ADP	 as
The Croatian section of the highway later became the A3 motorway. After the breakup of Yugoslavia, construction of the Rijeka – Zagreb motorway was still on hold due to the Croatian War of Independence, and no further construction took place until 1996. The sole exception to	to	ADP	the	DET	 the
The next day, November 28, 2004, ERT's Eurovision spokeswoman Daphne Bokota stated that Despina Vandi and ERT were close to a deal, but had concluded that she was too expensive to send to the contest. She also said that Vandi was worried about participating	participating	VERB	in	ADP	 in
His skin is " too white ", a consequence of spending most of his time in his armor. The Master Chief stands about seven feet (2.13 m) tall and weighs 1,000 pounds (450 kg) in armor; without it, he stands six feet	feet	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
She was reduced to reserve the following year and sold in 1896. Suffren was placed into reserve after she completed her sea trials and was not commissioned until 1 March 1876 when she became flagship of the Cherbourg Division. Throughout her career the ship was often used as	as	ADP	a	DET	 a
McCay left Hearst upon the expiration of his contract in May 1924, bitter over not having received a promised $5,000 bonus. He returned to the Herald Tribune, and brought back Little Nemo beginning that August. The new strip displayed the virtuoso technique of the old	old	ADJ	,	PUNCT	,
The executor of the estate was Silas Deane who assisted Mrs. Webb financially and emotionally. Deane later married Mrs. Webb and built a house next door. The eldest child, Joseph Webb Jr., then 12 at the time of his father's death, inherited the house	house	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
He signed a three year contract worth $10 million with San Jose. Suter played only one game for the Sharks in the 1998 – 99 season, missing virtually the entire campaign after a microbe in his triceps caused an infection that required three surgeries to alleviate.	.	PUNCT	During	ADP	 During
A staff member from Idolator stated that: " In a parallel universe, we could definitely hear Gaga herself singing ' Invading My Mind, ' though it has more in common with early tracks from Fame than anything the p p p pointy faced provocateur has done lately	lately	ADV	"	PUNCT	 "
New influences, including those of jazz and blues after his first visit to America in 1965, became increasingly evident in his compositions. While Tippett's stature with the public continued to grow, not all critics approved of these changes in style, some believing that the	the	DET	quality	NOUN	 quality
Therrien named Jordan Staal and Matt Cooke December's alternate captains. " I think it's important for our young group to try to extend the leadership group, " the coach said of the decision. A survey by Turnkey Sports & Entertainment released on December 2 that	that	PRON	surveyed	VERB	 surveyed
Also, on the same album, is Blackbird, where the tweeting birds are actually tape loops. The opening chord fades in gradually on the stereo version while the mono version features a more sudden fade in. The mono and stereo versions also have the tape loop	loop	NOUN	track	NOUN	 track
After finishing the season with 13 points in 12 games with San Jose, Selänne led the Sharks with 29 goals in 2001 – 02. He also led the team in both goals (28; tied) and points (64) in 2002 – 03. As	As	SCONJ	the	DET	 the
On 1 December 2003, Bonhams held an auction of British Airways Concorde artefacts, including a nose cone, at Kensington Olympia in London. Proceeds of around £750,000 were raised, with the majority going to charity. G BOAD is currently on display at the Intrepid	Intrepid	PROPN	Sea	PROPN	 Sea
In 1239 Neville may have been offered the custody of the Great Seal, which he refused. In May 1242 Neville was once again responsible for the seal while Henry was in France, a responsibility apparently shared with the regent. After the king's return in September	September	PROPN	1243	NUM	 1243
Original estimates predicted a daily ridership of 180,000 after launch, growing to 400,000 by 2036. In view of a 50% drop in airline passengers in the wake of the 1997 Asian financial crisis, forecasts were revised downwards. The final initial ridership estimate was 140,000 passengers	passengers	NOUN	per	ADP	 per
A quick passing move from United followed, culminating with a through ball to Park in the inside right channel, only for Valdés to cut out the pass, taking out the South Korean in the process. The resulting throw in eventually broke to Ronaldo, whose 30	30	NUM	yard	NOUN	 yard
As the hurricane passed about 50 mi (80 km) north of the Lesser Antilles, the outer rainbands of Connie produced wind gusts as high as 104 mph (166 km / h) on Tortola in the British Virgin Islands. Wind gusts reached 46 mph (	(	PUNCT	74	NUM	74
Stevens played 22 seasons in the National Hockey League (NHL) for the Washington Capitals, St. Louis Blues, and the New Jersey Devils. Although offensively capable, Stevens was largely known for his defensive play and his heavy body checking on opponents. Stevens started his	his	PRON	career	NOUN	 career
Menkauhor sent an expedition to Sinai to exploit the mines of turquoise and copper in the Wadi Maghareh. The expedition is evidenced by a damaged rock inscription showing Menkauhor's titulary which is one of the few attestations dating to his lifetime. The mines of Sinai had been	been	AUX	exploited	VERB	 exploited
Lindwall returned and bowled Evans for eight. Evans appeared to not detect Lindwall's yorker in the fading light, and the umpires called off play due to bad light. The ground was then hit by rain, resulting in a premature end to the day's play	play	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
Much of the game takes place in an unnamed world inspired by heavy metal music, created by, according to the game's mythology, Ormagöden, The Eternal Firebeast, Cremator of the Sky, and Destroyer of the Ancient World. In this alternate world, the	the	DET	human	ADJ	 human
" One scene with which Manners was extremely pleased was the shot wherein Susanne Modeski breaks into the Lone Gunmen's hotel room and the Gunmen cower in fear in a corner. Manners was inspired by the 1939 film adaption of The Wizard of Oz, most specifically the	the	DET	image	NOUN	 image
In the 1580s and 1590s James VI promoted the literature of the country of his birth. His treatise, Some Rules and Cautions to be Observed and Eschewed in Scottish Prosody, published in 1584 when he was aged 18, was both a poetic manual and a description	description	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
Known for his quick intellect, he also endeared himself to his subordinates through small eccentricities such as his fondness for bad puns and habit of wearing red socks to important meetings. During the critical days of the Titan project Shea moved into the plant, sleeping on a	a	DET	cot	NOUN	 cot
The album completed within a three month period, whereas Milian's previous albums would take six months to a year. Milian's third studio album, So Amazin ', was released on May 16, 2006. The album's lead single, " Say I "	"	PUNCT	,	PUNCT	,
" The sunrise also delighted the critics. Giselle was performed in Paris from its debut in 1841 to 1849, with Grisi always dancing the title role. In 1849, it was dropped from the repertoire. The ballet was revived in 1852 and 1853, without Grisi	Grisi	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
The Montgomery section consisted of 2 miles (3.2 km) from the village of Walden to the town line with Shawangunk, and the Shawangunk section ran 2.3 miles (3.7 km) north from the town line to Birch Road. The purchases were completed in August and	and	CCONJ	October	PROPN	 October
Since it was six months past the statute of limitations, the suit was thrown out. In a 1991 interview with People, Barr described herself as an " incest survivor ", accusing both of her parents of physical and sexual abuse, claims which they and Geraldine	Geraldine	PROPN	publicly	ADV	 publicly
The central figures in the production and development of the Metroid series are Yoshio Sakamoto, who has directed or supervised the development of most games; Gunpei Yokoi, who headed the R & D1 division and produced the first two games; Makoto Kano, who wrote the	the	DET	scenario	NOUN	 scenario
Forward T.J. Syner was recalled from the ECHL's Reading Royals and made his Hershey debut in that game. The Bears finished the month with a 3 – 2 victory against the Penguins on October 28, marking their first winning streak of the season. Orlov would miss	miss	VERB	the	DET	 the
There were six deaths in the country and an additional two deaths in neighboring Panama. Upon affecting Jamaica, the storm was responsible $11.8 million in damage and four deaths. Damage was heaviest in Haiti, after a prolonged southwesterly flow dropped 14 in (360 mm	mm	NUM	)	PUNCT	)
The squaw mountain had hid herself in a cave during the battle and because they could no longer find her, they were about to resume fighting. However, while they had been fighting, Koyoda went to Soclai and told him what was happening. Soclai arrived in	in	ADP	time	NOUN	 time
He was a second round selection of the Calgary Flames, 40th overall, in the 1996 NHL Entry Draft, and played with the Flames, Montreal Canadiens, Dallas Stars, Boston Bruins and Nashville Predators in his NHL career. After missing a full season due to	to	ADP	injury	NOUN	 injury
At this time, there were still members of the Byzantine court who remembered the passage of the First Crusade, a defining event in the collective memory of the age that had fascinated Manuel's aunt, Anna Komnene. Many Byzantines feared the Crusade, a view endorsed	endorsed	VERB	by	ADP	 by
Shortly afterward Lion lost her remaining dynamo to the rising water which knocked out all remaining light and power. He ordered " Course north east " at 11: 02 to bring his ships back to their pursuit of Hipper. He also hoisted " Attack the rear of	of	ADP	the	DET	 the
In order to make the film more commercial, it was ultimately decided that the film's lead would be a teenage girl from contemporary America. Henson noted that he wished to " make the idea of taking responsibility for one's life – which is one of the	the	DET	neat	ADJ	 neat
The commission began its work on 7 June 1676 and finished in October 1677, without passing any sentences. Admiral Johan Bär of Nyckeln and Lieutenant Admiral Christer Boije, who ran aground with Äpplet, were never again given a navy command. One of the accused,	,	PUNCT	Hans	PROPN	 Hans
" This interpretation of events was endorsed at the time by Alvin Graves, who stood closest to Slotin when the accident occurred. Graves, like Slotin, had previously displayed a low concern for nuclear safety, and would later allege that fallout risks were " concocted in	in	ADP	the	DET	 the
In Germany, an edition of Alice's letters was published in 1883, by a Darmstadt clergyman called Dr. Carl Sell, who chose a selection of her letters made available to him by the Queen. When it was done, Helena wrote to Sell and requested permission	permission	NOUN	to	PART	 to
Of 667 men in 3rd Battalion, over 60 percent became casualties, including the battalion commander, Lieutenant Colonel Carl Jensen, and much of the battalion staff. Shattered, 3rd Battalion was forced to withdraw in small groups, many of its soldiers already captured or forced	forced	VERB	to	PART	 to
However, by late September the Hornets finalized a move to Oklahoma City, where 35 games would be played at the Ford Center, as well as six in Baton Rouge at the Pete Maravich Assembly Center. Additionally, it was announced that three of the games in	in	ADP	March	PROPN	 March
He also befriended Venezuelan military leader and former president José Antonio Páez in his final days. Betances stayed in New York from April 1869 through February 1870. Somewhat disillusioned by his experience in New York City (he had philosophical differences with some leaders of the Antillean liberation	liberation	NOUN	movements	NOUN	 movements
A large portion of the station's mosaics depict the various Grand Princes of Kievan Rus ', of which 27 are depicted. The mosaic pieces themselves incorporate the princes ' years of reigning and their names: The station also has nine mosaics depicting various other important personalities	personalities	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
When they escape, Milhouse gathers all the students and they attempt to leave. When they reach the sea, Lisa has an idea to get across: They simultaneously flush all the Egyptians ' toilets to drain the sea. As they cross, the Pharaoh and his	his	PRON	guards	NOUN	 guards
Both the music video and the international radio single remain " If U Seek Amy ". According to Nielsen SoundScan, " If U Seek Amy " sold over 107,000 digital copies in the United States within two weeks of the album's release. On April 11,	,	PUNCT	2009	NUM	 2009
The Hall, the Drawing Room, Lord Bute's Bedroom and Lady Bute's Bedroom form a suite of rooms that exemplify the High Victorian Gothic style of 19th century Britain. Unlike the exterior of the castle, which deliberately imitated the architecture of the 13th century,	,	PUNCT	the	DET	 the
He later recalled working on the album as a way of helping Barrett in any way possible. In 1974, he guested at a concert by Sutherland Brothers & Quiver at Newcastle Polytechnic. Wright recorded his first solo project, Wet Dream, in early 1978 in Super	Super	PROPN	Bear	PROPN	 Bear
In late 1993 he accused 70 senior government officials, including the Supreme Soviet chairman Stanislav Shushkevich and prime minister Vyacheslav Kebich, of corruption including stealing state funds for personal purposes. While the charges were never fully proven against him, Shushkevich resigned his chairmanship due to the	the	DET	embarrassment	NOUN	 embarrassment
The 501st moved about 10 kilometres (6.2 miles) into Croatian territory, to Ličko Petrovo Selo and Plitvice Lakes by 8 a.m. The 502nd captured an ARSK radar and communications facility on Plješivica Mountain, and proceeded towards Korenica where it was stopped by the ARSK units.	.	PUNCT	The	DET	 The
At Cyber Sunday, Michaels was voted by the fans to face Orton for the WWE Championship; though he won via disqualification when Orton hit Michaels with a low blow, which resulted in Orton retaining the championship. Michaels got another opportunity at the WWE Championship, when	when	SCONJ	he	PRON	 he
U 156 together with U 68 under the command of Karl Friedrich Merten departed from Lorient on 20 August 1942 heading for the Bay of Biscay. Hartenstein received the order to operate against Convoy SL 119 on 25 August. After a two day pursuit, U 156 found	found	VERB	a	DET	 a
According to annual average daily traffic counts compiled in 2011 by NYSDOT, the most traveled stretch of the Sagtikos State Parkway was the portion between the Southern State Parkway and the Long Island Expressway. The part between the Southern State and Pine Aire Drive handled an average of	of	ADP	87,250	NUM	 87,250
The second corner added deals with submissions by listeners describing a new fictional character, and Hinoue takes these submissions and forms a new fictional character out of combining elements from multiple submissions together. During the broadcasts, tracks from the soundtracks released under Key Sounds Label play in	in	ADP	the	DET	 the
The dam's reservoir rose nearly 3 m (9.8 ft) in 24 hours and reduced the outflow to 40,000 m3 / s (1,400,000 cu ft / s) in discharges downstream, effectively alleviating serious impacts on the middle and lower river. The installation of ship	ship	NOUN	locks	NOUN	 locks
Historians slightly differ on overall casualties during the campaign, with the lowest losses totaling 225,606 and the highest at 226,386. German forces in France reported losses of 158,930 men between D Day and 14 August, just before the start of Operation Dragoon in Southern France. In	In	ADP	action	NOUN	 action
Within a gene, the sequence of bases along a DNA strand defines a messenger RNA sequence, which then defines one or more protein sequences. The relationship between the nucleotide sequences of genes and the amino acid sequences of proteins is determined by the rules of translation,	,	PUNCT	known	VERB	 known
Some 3,300 taxis are also licensed to operate in Cluj Napoca. CTP, the local public transport company, runs an extensive 321 kilometres (199 mi) public transport network within the city using 3 tram lines, 6 trolleybus lines and 21 bus routes. Transport in	in	ADP	the	DET	 the
The new tracks started to sound very different than the tracks I originally intended to be on Relapse 2, but I still want the other stuff to be heard. On April 14, 2010, Eminem tweeted: " There is no Relapse 2 ". Although his	his	PRON	followers	NOUN	 followers
As with the traditional polonaise, Chopin's works are in triple time and typically display a martial rhythm in their melodies, accompaniments and cadences. Unlike most of their precursors, they also require a formidable playing technique. The 21 nocturnes are more structured, and of	of	ADP	greater	ADJ	 greater
This right shall include freedom to have or to adopt a religion or belief of his choice, and freedom, either individually or in community with others and in public or private, to manifest his religion or belief in worship, observance, practice and teaching It has	has	AUX	been	AUX	 been
However, before the Mongols could continue their advance towards Egypt, they needed to withdraw because of the death of the Great Khan. Hulagu was needed back at the capital and took the bulk of his forces with him, leaving a small force under Kitbuqa to occupy	occupy	VERB	Palestine	PROPN	 Palestine
Jocelin was one of the bishops in August 1214 who refused to pay a scutage to the king. In 1215, Jocelin sided with Stephen Langton and the barons, and Magna Charta lists Jocelin as one of the king's councillors. Jocelin and Peter des Roches,	,	PUNCT	the	DET	 the
Russell said, " Nobody that I worked with in the last four years at Hawthorn did that much in their first pre season. " Rioli made his AFL debut in Hawthorn's defeat of the Melbourne Football Club at the Melbourne Cricket Ground (MCG) in round	round	ADJ	one	NUM	 one
In 1892 a dispute arose between Houlding and the Everton board of directors, over the club's tenancy of the ground. The annual rent had risen from £100 in 1884 to £250 in 1892; Houlding wanted to sell the ground to the club, which	which	PRON	in	ADP	 in
" Chantal Jenoure of The Jamaica Observer complimented the dancehall and hip hop composition on several of the songs, including " Pon de Replay ", " Rush ", " Let Me ", " Music of the Sun " and " That La La La ",	,	PUNCT	writing	VERB	 writing
However, this and eight other species described by Labillardière do not occur in any locations that he visited, suggesting that he obtained specimens from someone else whom he failed to credit. Though he did not specify a type specimen for A. obovata, a specimen upon which	which	PRON	the	DET	 the
Their campaign included plans for newspaper serialisations, book deliveries by horse and carriage, and the placement of " themed teasers ", such as period stationery and mock newspapers, in United States coffeeshops. 7,500 advance readers ' copies were sent out, a limited number wrapped	wrapped	VERB	in	ADP	 in
" " Randor Guy wrote, " Sridhar proved that movies could be made with new faces, limited sets and low budgets if one had an interesting, emotionally rich story, tautly narrated on screen with pleasing music ". Guy concluded his review by stating that the	the	DET	film	NOUN	 film
" Oblivion was the first RPG title to be released for Microsoft's Xbox 360 console. In addition to the standard release version, a Collector's Edition was released for both Windows and Xbox 360 which includes the 112 page Pocket Guide to the Empire, a bonus	bonus	NOUN	DVD	NOUN	 DVD
In 1898, the British built a settlement which later grew rapidly when the BNBC sponsored the migration of Chinese to Tawau. On 16 December 1941, during World War II, the Japanese invasion of Borneo began. After the first landing in Miri, the Japanese moved	moved	VERB	along	ADP	 along
He was posted to the Hinemoa, another NZGSS steamer, as chief officer. In June 1900, Worsley sat the examination for a foreign master's certificate. He passed with good marks, and was one of two students commended for their efforts. He was now	now	ADV	a	DET	 a
Dimmitt welcomed Viesca but refused to recognize his authority as governor. This caused an uproar in the garrison; many supported the governor, while others believed that Texas should be an independent country and should therefore not recognize the Mexican governor. Dimmitt later chastised Westover for not	not	PART	following	VERB	 following
" Entertainment Weekly gave an ' A ', stating that even non science fiction and fantasy fans can like it, and USA Today gave it 4 stars praising the cast. The Futon Critic later chose the pilot as the fifth best TV episode of 2004. TV	TV	NOUN	Guide	PROPN	 Guide
On December 12, 2004, Sony released its first handheld, PlayStation Portable. The PlayStation Portable was marketed at launch to an above 25 year old or " core gamer " market, while the Nintendo DS proved to be popular with both core gamers and new customers	customers	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
A week later they returned to Wembley for the play off final, where they beat Luton Town 2 – 1, with goals from Ashley Chambers and Matty Blair. The club was promoted into League Two, returning to the Football League after an eight year absence.	.	PUNCT	In	ADP	 In
Prime Minister Najib Razak stated that the Act would be abolished and replaced by new laws to safeguard peace and order. The legitimacy and relevance of the ISA were subsequently debated by former ISA detainees, the Singapore Government, and others. Member of Parliament for Pasir Ris	Ris	PROPN	–	PUNCT	 –
In the holotype from Colombia, an old male, total length is 240 mm (9.4 in); tail length is 125 mm (4.9 in); ear length is 19 mm (0.75 in); and condylo incisive length is 32.1 mm (1.26 in	in	ADP	)	PUNCT	)
In the years between his return from Paris in 1908 and the outbreak of the First World War in 1914, Vaughan Williams increasingly established himself as a figure in British music. For a rising composer it was important to receive performances at the big provincial music festivals,	,	PUNCT	which	PRON	 which
Publishing articles in both Romanian and French, Curierul Românesc had, starting in 1836, its own literary supplement, under the title of Curier de Ambe Sexe; in print until 1847, it notably published one of Heliade's most famous poems, Zburătorul. Curierul Românesc	Românesc	PROPN	was	AUX	 was
Consequently, the College elected Giuseppe Sarto as Pope Pius X, who issued the papal bull Commissum nobis six months later declaring that any cardinal who communicated his government's veto in the future would suffer excommunication latae sententiae. To resolve prolonged deadlocks in the earlier years of	of	ADP	papal	ADJ	 papal
: 572 – 573 Females of many spider species, including P. labiata,: 33: 517 emit volatile pheromones into the air, and these generally attract males from a distance.: 36 The silk draglines of female jumping spiders also contain pheromones, which stimulate males	males	NOUN	to	ADP	 to
In late 2010 and 2011, Chris Brown popularized the Cat Daddy dance after performing it in the official video. On October 6, 2010, Brown performed the Cat Daddy on 106 & Park for their 10 year anniversary show. Then, the Rej3ctz released a video	video	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
He was then assigned the job of Minor League Field Coordinator, and served in that role from 2003 through 2010. In 2004, he served as the interim manager of Lynchburg when Jay Loviglio resigned from the position due to personal reasons. Banister became the interim pitching	pitching	NOUN	coach	NOUN	 coach
Though Adams completed the story, the series was canceled before his story was published, and Adams returned to submitting samples while working at the pizzeria. Adams later dismissed the story as poorly drawn. He also drew " Away Off There Amid The Softly Winking Lights "	"	PUNCT	,	PUNCT	,
In 1809, John Dickinson purchased Apsley Mills in Hemel Hempstead for his newly patented paper making machine. In a dispute with the Society of Paper Makers in 1821, he dismissed the men involved and trained replacements. By 1825, Apsley and Nash Mills in Hemel Hempstead	Hempstead	PROPN	were	AUX	 were
I've become a better actor just for working with her. " He commented on his character on Melrose Place, a closeted military officer who had feelings for Matt, played by Doug Savant: " I thought we should kiss, but it was too much.	.	PUNCT	TV	NOUN	 TV
Spanning the 8th and 7th centuries BCE, they list the names of Qedarite kings who revolted and were defeated in battle, as well as those who paid Assyrian monarchs tribute, including Zabibe, queen of the Arabs (šar rat KUR.a ri bi). There are	are	VERB	also	ADV	 also
By a vote of six to four, the new Board of Control charged with the governance of the consolidated institutions, selected Gainesville as the location for the new men's state university. Sledd had not anticipated that the Lake City campus would be abandoned, and had	had	AUX	assumed	VERB	 assumed
The series of compounds NpM2 (PO4) 3, where M is an alkali metal (Li, Na, K, Rb, or Cs), are all known. Some neptunium sulfates have been characterized, both aqueous and solid and at various oxidation states of	of	ADP	neptunium	NOUN	 neptunium
' X ' turret could only control ' Y ' turret. There were four American Mark 37 DCTs for the 5.25 inch guns, each carrying the twin domes of Type 275 gunnery radar. Lastly, each Mark VI sextuple 40 mm Bofors mounting was provided with a	a	DET	separate	ADJ	 separate
Shona sculpture in has survived through the ages and the modern style is a fusion of African folklore with European influences. World renowned Zimbabwean sculptors include Nicholas, Nesbert and Anderson Mukomberanwa, Tapfuma Gutsa, Henry Munyaradzi and Locardia Ndandarika. Internationally, Zimbabwean sculptors have managed to	to	PART	influence	VERB	 influence
It was part of the wider European Romantic movement, which was partly a reaction against the Age of Enlightenment, emphasising individual, national and emotional responses, moving beyond Renaissance and Classicist models, particularly to the Middle Ages. In the arts, Romanticism manifested itself in	in	ADP	literature	NOUN	 literature
Weaver arrived at a railroad station in the territory in March with an eye toward relocating there. The would be homesteaders welcomed him with great acclaim. Although settlers were not allowed to stake claims before noon on April 22, many scouted out the land ahead of time	time	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
Breeding became very selective, only allowing stallions that had proved themselves at the Riding School to stand at stud, and only breeding mares who had passed rigorous performance testing. Today, a maximum of eight foundation lines for Lipizzans are recognized by various registries, which refer	refer	VERB	to	ADP	 to
She is therefore unwilling to continue her father's acceptance of the curse. When Yamaki takes Toya san to the Buddha shrine in the garden of his house to pray and try to get the curse removed, she vents her feelings about the god's unfairness. An	An	DET	American	ADJ	 American
The attack was launched in the morning of 8 September. The 7th and the 4th Guards Brigades spearheaded the attack, striking towards the Mlinište Pass and Jastrebnjak Hill respectively. The first line of VRS defences was breached by 10: 00, which allowed the 1st HGZ	HGZ	PROPN	to	PART	 to
The pressures and hardships of the previous months were beginning to tell on the men, many of whom were in a run down state both mentally and physically. In these conditions, Shackleton decided to try to reach help, using one of the boats. The nearest	nearest	ADJ	port	NOUN	 port
It's an unbelievable terror, a kind of masochistic madness. The older you get, the easier it should be but it isn't. Kerr's first film role was in the British production Contraband in 1940, but her scenes were left on the cutting room	room	NOUN	floor	NOUN	 floor
There are a number of myths and legends associated with the origin of the name Delhi. One of them is derived from Dhillu or Dilu, a king who built a city at this location in 50 BC and named it after himself. Another legend holds that the	the	DET	name	NOUN	 name
For his part in the campaign, Kesselring was awarded the Knight's Cross with oak leaves, swords and diamonds by Hitler at the Wolfsschanze near Rastenburg, East Prussia on 19 July 1944. The next day, Hitler was the target of the 20 July plot.	.	PUNCT	Informed	VERB	 Informed
The ice was to be procured from the glacier Svartisen, and a glaciologist was brought along to give advice. It soon became clear that the entire three ton block could not be brought out in one go. Instead, 200 kg blocks were cut out with a	a	DET	chainsaw	NOUN	 chainsaw
It originally aired on the Fox network in the United States on May 7, 1995. After watching Snake Jailbird cheat Homer out of US $20 in a Three card Monte con game, Marge successfully chases Snake and knocks him out with the lid of a garbage	garbage	NOUN	can	NOUN	 can
He made his first century break (117) at the age of 10, completed his first total clearance (142) at age 12, and became British Under 16 Champion at age 13. He made his television debut in The Thames Snooker Classic when he was	was	AUX	14	NUM	 14
The company had a major division, BooseyMedia, that commissioned and produced music for radio, television and advertising jingles, and the administration of copyrights owned by media companies. This has now been split into commercial synchronisation and production music departments, both under the Imagem name	name	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
These conventions provide a place for fans to meet, exchange ideas, transact business and engage in entertainment and recreation centered on this concept. Originating in California, USA during the mid 1980s, there are now over 40 annual furry conventions worldwide, mostly in North America	America	PROPN	and	CCONJ	 and
She discussed her faith at 2014 United Methodist Women church rally at the Kentucky International Convention Center in Louisville, Kentucky. However, she has infrequently discussed her faith while campaigning. James Macintyre for Christianity Today has written that her Christian faith is " undeniably strong " and	and	CCONJ	compared	VERB	 compared
Always known as an excellent defender, but mediocre hitter, he was finally able to improve at the plate, thanks in part to a much more rigorous off season conditioning regimen, and also due to hitting higher in the batting order, where he was thus challenged	challenged	VERB	to	PART	 to
Some extragalactic water masers occur in star forming regions, like galactic water masers, while stronger water masers are found in the circumnuclear regions around active galactic nuclei (AGN). The isotropic luminosities of these span a range of order one to a few hundred L ☉	☉	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
This is in contrast to the band's more successful previous effort which shifted 260,000 copies in its opening week to debut at number one the chart. Folie spent two weeks within the top 20 out of its 22 chart weeks. It also entered Billboard's Rock Albums	Albums	PROPN	and	CCONJ	 and
Waves damaged wharves and capsized several vessels in the harbor. Some areas on the south side of the island were left completely devoid of crops. Although the western areas of Jamaica were not as devastated as other portions of the island, some banana plantations there were partially	partially	ADV	destroyed	VERB	 destroyed
There was a menagerie within the building, containing Nubian lions, Russian wolves (which had eight cubs in 1914), bears in a bear pit, monkeys, elephants, stags, leopards and other animals. There was also an aviary above the ballroom. The	The	DET	Tower	PROPN	 Tower
It breeds throughout most of North America, from western Alaska and northern Canada to as far south as Panama and the West Indies, and is one of the most common buteos in North America. Red tailed hawks can acclimate to all the biomes within their range.	.	PUNCT	There	PRON	 There
Exorcist director William Friedkin was so angry about the poster that, upon seeing it on an associate's wall, he tore it down and ripped it to pieces. Baker, who did not know about the poster in advance, was horrified by the publicity campaign and	and	CCONJ	publicly	ADV	 publicly
During the Battle of the Bulge, however, the fuses became known as the American artillery's " Christmas present " for the German army because of their effectiveness against German personnel in the open, when they frequently dispersed attacks. Anti tank guns were also tremendously improved	improved	VERB	during	ADP	 during
After Jacobs decided that Evans would no longer play Pam, he began searching for another actress to play the character. The role was eventually won by then 28 year old actress, Victoria Principal. Principal won the role over another finalist, Judith Chapman, who was	was	AUX	known	VERB	 known
Later decrees indicated that the common army was a levy of all able bodied freemen aged between 16 and 60, with 8 days warning. It produced relatively large numbers of men serving for a limited period, usually as unarmoured or poorly armoured bowmen and spearmen. In	In	ADP	this	DET	 this
The episode is a parody of the Cloverfield, with the monster replaced by giant guinea pigs. In Sam & Max Season 3, at the end of " Beyond the Alley of the Dolls ", Max is transformed into a creature similar to the monster (or	or	CCONJ	more	ADV	 more
Filming commenced on August 2009, and concluded by the end of the same year. It was filmed on location primarily in the Johannesburg area in South Africa, as well as the same Province the city is located, Gauteng. Other filming locations in the series include	include	VERB	Northern	PROPN	 Northern
Over time, selective breeding of the English White for size and colour gradually led to the development of the Aylesbury duck. A rather large duck breed, the Aylesbury duck has pure white plumage and bright orange legs and feet. Its legs are placed midway along the	the	DET	body	NOUN	 body
Frusciante's punk inspiration came from listening to music by The Damned and Discharge, among others. Rick Rubin was not familiar with the latter bands and sound and thought that the melodic songs were original and more exciting, causing the band to focus mostly on the melodic	melodic	ADJ	material	NOUN	 material
CNN later reported that Madonna's representatives were not aware that the singer, or her team, had sent Gaga an e mail regarding the situation. When accused of plagiarism by the media, Gaga addressed the comparisons to " Express Yourself " in an interview with NME	NME	PROPN	by	ADP	 by
On the 31st lap, Diniz made contact with the barriers at turn one and he damaged his left rear wheel, causing him to retire. Häkkinen's pace was reduced by lap 36 as he slowed with an blockage on his brake pedal and made an unscheduled pit	pit	NOUN	stop	NOUN	 stop
This miniature model had an electric motor and was used to show the Tumbler flying across ravines and between buildings. However, the actual Tumbler was used for the waterfall sequence. The filmmakers intended to create a very mobile Batsuit that would allow the wearer to move easily	easily	ADV	to	PART	 to
During spring training in 2001, Mark McGwire told Cardinals manager Tony La Russa that if he did not put Pujols on the roster, " it might be one of the worst moves you make in your career. " La Russa later recounted the " myth " that	that	PRON	Pujols	PROPN	 Pujols
The manga was originally serialized in Nakayoshi from May 1996 to June 2000, and published in 12 tankōbon volumes by Kodansha from November 1996 to July 2000. The story focuses on Sakura Kinomoto, an elementary school student who discovers that she possesses magical powers after accidentally freeing	freeing	VERB	a	DET	 a
The common Welsh Mountain sheep are hardy and thrive in the cold and wet conditions of the Welsh highlands. The wool is soft and may have kemp and black, grey or red fibres, which makes it attractive in tweeds and upholstery. Staple length is 5 to	to	PART	15	NUM	 15
For instance in a randomized incremental algorithm for Delaunay triangulation, the triangulation changes by replacing one triangle by three smaller triangles when each point is added, and by " flip " operations that replace pairs of triangles by a different pair of triangles. The history DAG for	for	ADP	this	DET	 this
Swift chose to play them " White Horse " live with an acoustic guitar. Beers and Rhimes were very impressed and told Swift they would respond her via telephone as soon as they could. Swift decided to not include the track on Fearless, until the producers responded	responded	VERB	,	PUNCT	,
Watson's hotel was designed by the civil engineer Rowland Mason Ordish, who was also associated with the St Pancras Station in London. The building was fabricated in England from cast iron components and was assembled and constructed on site. The external cast iron frame closely resembles	resembles	VERB	other	ADJ	 other
Ralphie III was initially transported in the same modified steel, brown 4 horse trailer that carried Ralphie I and II, but in 1996, a new custom steel, black stock trailer was purchased for Ralphie through a donation from Coors Brewing Company. Initially she used the	the	DET	same	ADJ	 same
López's career save total was the highest among Mexican pitchers in MLB until Joakim Soria surpassed the mark in 2010. After retiring from baseball, López moved back to Tecamachalco. He was elected municipal president of the city in 1990, a position that he held until	until	ADP	his	PRON	 his
A thin stone curtain wall, approximately 8 metres (26 ft) tall with battlements, replaced the palisades, with the mural defences including a square tower on a rocky spur on the west side, and a circular tower on the north west corner. A gatehouse	gatehouse	NOUN	was	AUX	 was
After the attack, Reid did patrol duty in the Hawaiian waters, and later escorted convoys to San Francisco, California. Late in May 1942, Reid steamed north from Pearl Harbor to bombard the Japanese positions in Kiska and supported landings at Adak, Alaska. While	While	SCONJ	conducting	VERB	 conducting
An armored deck 95 mm (3.7 in) thick protected the ship's vitals from shells that passed over the side armor. The barbettes for the main battery were 254 mm (10.0 in) thick. SMS Kronprinz Erzherzog Rudolf was laid down on 25 January 1884	1884	NUM	at	ADP	 at
These planned towns were or became English in culture and language; William of Newburgh wrote in the reign of King William the Lion, that " the towns and burghs of the Scottish realm are known to be inhabited by English "; as well as transforming the economy	economy	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
From 1944 to 1962 he was Commodore of the Royal Fowey Yacht Club; on stepping down in 1962, he was elected its first Admiral. Upon the death of King George VI in 1952, the Duchess of Edinburgh inherited the throne as Queen Elizabeth II. Browning	Browning	PROPN	and	CCONJ	 and
They alerted the crews aboard Jaime I and other ships, who mutinied against their rebellious officers and ensured the ships would remain under Republican control. The vessels were nevertheless crippled by poor discipline for some time, as they had murdered many of their officers, and distrusted	distrusted	VERB	those	PRON	 those
He advocated spending reductions, a twenty percent reserve requirement for banks to keep available as capital, and incentives to reduce home foreclosures. He campaigned in New Hampshire on August 19, and filmed " Conversation with the Candidate " for WMUR TV. The next day,	,	PUNCT	he	PRON	 he
She also sent a first French mission to Suleiman the Magnificent requesting assistance, but the mission was lost on its way in Bosnia. In December 1525 a second mission was sent, led by John Frangipani, which managed to reach Constantinople, the Ottoman capital, with	with	ADP	secret	ADJ	 secret
The ship carried up to 535 metric tons (527 long tons; 590 short tons) of coal and could steam for 4,000 nautical miles (7,400 km; 4,600 mi) at a speed of 10 knots (19 km / h; 12 mph). The	The	DET	ships	NOUN	 ships
Jean Sammet, a short range committee member, noted that " little attempt was made to cater to the professional programmer, in fact people whose main interest is programming tend to be very unhappy with COBOL " which she attributed to COBOL's verbose syntax. The COBOL	COBOL	PROPN	community	NOUN	 community
Albert of Pomerania explained, " If they had come to strengthen the Christian faith... they should do so by preaching, not by arms ". By the end of the crusade, the countryside of Mecklenburg and Pomerania was plundered and depopulated with much bloodshed, especially	especially	ADV	by	ADP	 by
He entered politics with the Dominion Party in 1958 and became Minister of Irrigation, Roads and Road Traffic in the Rhodesian Front (RF) government in 1962. The head of a far right group within the RF, he called for Rhodesia to abolish black representation in	in	ADP	parliament	NOUN	 parliament
At 5 am, Indians entered huts in the fort housing wounded British who were supposed to be under the care of French doctors, and killed and scalped them. Monro complained that the terms of capitulation had been violated, but his contingent was forced to surrender some	some	PRON	of	ADP	 of
Individuals with breathing difficulties due to asthma or allergies may experience additional barriers to quality sleep that can be addressed by specific variations of sleep hygiene recommendations. Difficulty with breathing can cause disruptions to sleep, reducing the ability to stay asleep and to achieve restful sleep. For	For	ADP	individuals	NOUN	 individuals
The game was published by Activision and distributed by RedOctane. It is the first game in the series to be developed by Neversoft after Activision's acquisition of RedOctane and MTV Games ' purchase of Harmonix, the previous development studio for the series. The game was released	released	VERB	worldwide	ADV	 worldwide
The film opened at # 11 at the DVD sales chart, making $1.6 million in the first week off 104,000 DVD units. There is a rated and an unrated version, with the unrated version running about five minutes longer than the theatrical version. The UK	UK	PROPN	Blu	PROPN	 Blu
Betrayal is the only installment in the series to be released on a non PlayStation platform and presented as a 2D side scrolling game. Despite the limitations of the mobile platform, in comparison to its home console counterparts, it retains the action oriented approach of its predecessors	predecessors	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
Educators who had observed the reactions said, " the emergence of an icon in a minority culture can be both bewildering and threatening to Anglos ". Melicent Rothschild said some Americans often do not understand " the cultural role models of groups who have felt discriminated against "	"	PUNCT	.	PUNCT	.
Tangles of barbed wire, booby traps, and the removal of ground cover made the approach hazardous for infantry. On Rommel's order, the number of mines along the coast was tripled. The Allied air offensive over Germany had crippled the Luftwaffe and established air supremacy	supremacy	NOUN	over	ADP	 over
Hole toured with Marilyn Manson on the Beautiful Monsters Tour in 1999, but dropped out of the tour nine dates in after a dispute over production costs between Love and Manson; Hole resumed touring with Imperial Teen. Before the release and promotion of Celebrity Skin, Love	Love	PROPN	and	CCONJ	 and
Both the direct pumping of protons and the consumption of matrix protons in the reduction of oxygen contribute to the proton gradient. The reaction catalyzed is the oxidation of cytochrome c and the reduction of oxygen: Many eukaryotic organisms have electron transport chains that differ from the much	much	ADV	studied	VERB	 studied
" Flying Lotus felt more confident in his ideas and as a recording artist after striving to distinguish himself from his contemporaries on previous albums. Flying Lotus started working on Until the Quiet Comes at his home in Mount Washington, Los Angeles, which featured more acoustic space	space	NOUN	than	ADP	 than
The first installment is set between " The Eleventh Hour " and " The Beast Below ", while the second is set between " Flesh and Stone " and " The Vampires of Venice ". The series introduced a new incarnation of the Doctor, the Eleventh,	,	PUNCT	played	VERB	 played
Among these were Danny's obsession with money and spending, by hacking into a credit card database in order to fool it to give him a better credit rating, and the discovery that Tessa is running phantom agents to pocket their money. Those storylines were intended by	by	ADP	Brenton	PROPN	 Brenton
Other types of Eastern Orthodox cupolas include helmet domes (for example, those of the Saint Sophia Cathedral in Novgorod and of the Assumption Cathedral in Vladimir), Ukrainian pear domes (Saint Sophia Cathedral in Kiev), and Baroque bud domes (St. Andrew's Church	Church	PROPN	in	ADP	 in
Just when the M 113 crews closed in on their objective, a Viet Cong squad leader and his men jumped out of their foxholes and tossed grenades at the lead formation of the attack force. Cohesion and morale among the crews of the armored formation quickly deteriorated as	as	SCONJ	South	ADJ	 South
Some were helped by the organised resistance, such as the Comité de Défense des Juifs (CDJ), which provided food and safe housing. Many of the Jews in hiding went on to join the armed resistance. The treatment of Jews was denounced by the senior	senior	ADJ	Catholic	ADJ	 Catholic
Hank Shocklee directed them and was referred to by Chuck D as " the Phil Spector of hip hop ". For Fear of a Black Planet, they sought to expand on the dense, sample layered " wall of noise " sound of It Takes a Nation of	of	ADP	Millions	NOUN	 Millions
Throughout each day, Great Western Railway services between London Paddington and South Wales pass through non stop, two trains per hour in each direction on weekdays, one train per hour at weekends. All trains southbound call next at Filton Abbey Wood, and almost every train	train	NOUN	westbound	VERB	 westbound
There were some earlier instances of meat being used as clothing in art. Seafood outfits, including a lobster bikini, were featured at Salvador Dalí's The Dream of Venus pavilion at the 1939 World's Fair. The cover of the November 1983 The Undertones compilation album	album	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
Stipe wanted the promo to be a straightforward performance video, akin to Sinéad O'Connor's " Nothing Compares 2 U ". Singh wanted to create a video in the style of a certain type of Indian filmmaking, where everything would be " melodramatic and very dreamlike "	"	PUNCT	,	PUNCT	,
She was a feature editor for The African Review, a freelance writer for the Ghanaian Times, wrote and broadcast for Radio Ghana, and worked and performed for Ghana's National Theatre. She performed in a revival of The Blacks in Geneva and Berlin. In Accra	Accra	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
In an effort to reclaim his happiness, Jack attempts to find the same toy that made him so happy on his tenth birthday, a model of an Apollo Lunar Module. He buys one from a vintage toy store, but still remains unhappy. Later, Liz	Liz	PROPN	apologizes	VERB	 apologizes
About 40 million years ago, the two galaxies had a close encounter and are now moving farther apart; nevertheless, the smaller IC 2163 will eventually be incorporated into NGC 2207. As the interaction continues, gas and dust will be perturbed, sparking extensive star formation	formation	NOUN	in	ADP	 in
Cricket was among the five début sports in the Games. India, despite its historical record, decided not to send its cricket team to the Games. According to the Board of Control for Cricket in India, the decision was due to other international commitments. However	However	ADV	,	PUNCT	,
The Ljubija miners were on strike between 2 August and 8 September 1940. Some of the leaders of the strike were members of a secret KPJ cell in Ljubija, which was formed in January 1940. The KPJ had been outlawed in Yugoslavia since 1921. The KPJ	KPJ	PROPN	organisation	NOUN	 organisation
The first exocomet system detected was around Beta Pictoris, a very young A type main sequence star, in 1987. A total of 10 such exocomet systems have been identified as of 2013, using the absorption spectrum caused by the large clouds of gas emitted by comets	comets	NOUN	when	SCONJ	 when
The name meant that the group would contain a revolving cast of non permanent members getting on and off the stage like a musical roundabout, with only Curtis as mainstay and singer. Impressed with the plan, Edwards agreed to finance and manage the venture with two business	business	NOUN	partners	NOUN	 partners
American real estate investor and former hotelier John De Baun purchased the property from Leeder's widow for ₤ 14,000 in 1894, along with several other sites along St Georges Terrace. He engaged architects Ernest Saunders Porter and Edmond Neville Thomas to design the new Palace Hotel for	for	ADP	the	DET	 the
After having sparked the interest of the tabloids about his appearances with Mills at events, McCartney appeared publicly beside Mills at a party in January 2000, to celebrate her 32nd birthday. On 11 June 2002, McCartney married Mills, a former model, amputee, and	and	CCONJ	campaigner	NOUN	 campaigner
In 1997, the game's designers produced a 47 page document that outlined the game's premise and vision statement, and was used to pitch the idea to management at Interplay. Initially, the game was to be called Last Rites, and they described the game	game	NOUN	as	ADP	 as
It was at Methone, however, that 500 men died of dysentery caused by mouldy bread. According to Procopius, the responsibility fell on John the Cappadocian, who had cut costs by baking it only once, with the result that the bread went bad. Justinian	Justinian	PROPN	was	AUX	 was
Today only part of the motte still stands, forming part of an archaeological park built on the site between 2007 and 2009. Bedford Castle was probably built after 1100 by Henry I in the town of Bedford, overlooking the River Great Ouse. The castle was constructed	constructed	VERB	inside	ADP	 inside
During respiration, air flow is unidirectional, looping through the lungs during inhalation and exhalation; the alligator's abdominal muscles can alter the position of the lungs within the torso, thus shifting the center of buoyancy, which allows the alligator to dive, rise, and	and	CCONJ	roll	VERB	 roll
Teater Momentum or Teater uden Ryglæn, publicly funded by the municipal government and the Ministry of Cultural Affairs, is also of note. Established in 2005, it signs on a new director each year who is charged with creating the " volume " of the year with	with	ADP	a	DET	 a
Along these lines, Himmler stated on 8 November 1937 at a Gruppenführer meeting in Munich in the officers ' quarters: The SS is a National Socialist order of soldiers of Nordic race and a community of their clans bound together by oath... what we want for Germany	Germany	PROPN	is	AUX	 is
Reasons for the Assyrian withdrawal range from conflict with the Egyptian / Kushite army to divine intervention to surrender to disease. Henry Aubin argues that the Kushite / Egyptian army saved Jerusalem from the Assyrians and prevented the Assyrians from returning to capture Jerusalem for the remainder of Sennacherib	Sennacherib	PROPN	's	PART	's
In some aircraft, two ADCs receive total and static pressure from independent pitot tubes and static ports, and the aircraft's flight data computer compares the information from both computers and checks one against the other. There are also " standby instruments ", which are back	back	ADV	up	ADP	 up
At physiological pH, linezolid exists in an uncharged state. It is moderately water soluble (approximately 3 mg / mL), with a logP of 0.55. The oxazolidinone pharmacophore — the chemical " template " essential for antimicrobial activity — consists of a 1,3 oxazolidin 2	2	NUM	one	NUM	 one
A large and powerful cyclone, Bonnie moved ashore in North Carolina early on August 27, slowing as it turned northeast. After briefly losing hurricane status, the storm moved offshore and regained Category 1 force winds, although it weakened again on entering cooler waters. Fearing	Fearing	VERB	a	DET	 a
Pam assumes it is because of something Jim said to her father, and blames him for their breakup. Pam later confronts her father about why he left her mother while Jim looks on through the window. Pam returns to the office and tells Jim her father left	left	VERB	because	SCONJ	 because
" which Scudder did for another two full days. In 1917, English professor Lane Cooper from Cornell University published a collection of reminiscences of Agassiz. The book included notes from several notable contributors, including Scudder and Cooper, William James, Professor Addison Emery Verrill (	(	PUNCT	"	PUNCT	"
After the Germans invaded the Soviet Union in June 1941, Soviet leader Joseph Stalin began pressing for the creation of a second front in Western Europe. Churchill declined because, even with American help, he felt the British did not have adequate forces for such a strike	strike	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
Labillardière chose the specific name obovata, in reference to the leaves of his specimen, which were obovate (egg shaped, with the narrow end at the base). This leaf shape is often seen in this species. The term obovata derives from the Latin ob-	ob-	X	(	PUNCT	 (
It is unclear whether this is purely folklore or individual variation — related to sex, age or instances of melanism and leucism — or whether there is indeed more than one species of living fossa. The fossa appears as a diminutive form of a large felid, such	such	ADJ	as	ADP	 as
They hire you, and they figure you know what to do, and you should do it... And that's fine by me. " Ryan also noted the calmness of the set, observing that her experiences working with director Sidney Lumet on 100 Centre Street and	and	CCONJ	Before	ADP	 Before
The art historian, writing in 1971, noted that " nowadays the coin seems charming for its quaintness and its Victorian flavor, a mixture of cold Hellenism and Renaissance romance. Perhaps one of its greatest joys is that none of the customary inscriptions, mottoes and such	such	ADJ	,	PUNCT	,
The total number of costumes was approximately 350, kept in order by six full time women. The wardrobe was also revealed to have $150,000 worth of Swaroski crystals. The show was mainly divided into four acts with different themes: The Circus, House of Fun	Fun	PROPN	(	PUNCT	 (
He also cited the visual gags in the episode as " clever ". Harrison concluded his review by writing that though the episode " wasn't Simpsons gold, it was a great chance to focus on a secondary character and an opportunity for Joan Rivers to, um	um	INTJ	,	PUNCT	,
However, his football career ended abruptly when he dislocated his knee in a game against the Brooklyn Lions. From the top of the American Radiator Building to the ground in Bryant Park, a drop of 324 feet (98.75 m), Bomar completed a pass to	to	ADP	Hinkey	PROPN	 Hinkey
Splinters from one of the many hits entered her conning tower, killing the quartermaster and wounding most of the men inside. This caused the ship to fall out of line to starboard and she was engaged by six Japanese armored cruisers at short range. More serious were	were	AUX	several	ADJ	 several
After the sacking of Washington, the tide of battle turned against the British, and the Treaty of Ghent ended the war even as Johnson prepared to return to Kentucky to raise another military unit. With the end of the war, he turned his legislative attention to	to	ADP	issues	NOUN	 issues
He also played in the 1 – 0 defeat in the second leg on 26 March. After signing for York City in 2009, manager Martin Foyle described him as being " strong and can hold the ball up, which we were poor at doing last season.	.	PUNCT	He	PRON	 He
In the former, 4,378 dwellings were destroyed. In Isabela, 2,250 houses were destroyed, displacing 35,744 residents. Along a river in Isabela, ten bodies were found. Elsewhere, 800 homes were destroyed in Tuguegarao, leaving 1,000 homeless and two injured. In Kalinga	Kalinga	PROPN	Apayao	PROPN	 Apayao
This park was founded during the 19th century and includes an artificial lake with an island, as well as the largest casino in the city, Chios. Other notable parks in the city are the Iuliu Hațieganu Park of the Babeș Bolyai University, which features some sport	sport	NOUN	facilities	NOUN	 facilities
The errors of our past become the reasons for war and conflict and we need to become humble in order to escape the destruction. However, darkness consumes the rulers of the world and society. This is, in part, due to Adam's fall, and	and	CCONJ	the	DET	 the
This exposure led to the parent album to receive a Gold certification in Argentina, Mexico, and the United States. " A Puro Dolor " ranked 1st at the Hot Latin Songs 25th Anniversary chart. " Purest of Pain " was also a modest success in Europe	Europe	PROPN	where	SCONJ	 where
The video won both nominations for " Video of the Year " and " Female Video of the Year " at the 2008 CMT Music Awards. Swift has performed the song at an abundance of venues, some while supporting as opening act for various country artists ' concert	concert	NOUN	tours	NOUN	 tours
The marriage to Mary Darnall secured Carroll a tract of land in Prince George's County, a position in the colony's land office with a £100 annual salary, and a lifelong alliance with Henry Darnall. This tract of land was the first part of what	what	PRON	would	AUX	 would
Thousands of firefighters fought the fires, assisted by dozens of helicopters and fixed wing aircraft which were used for water and fire retardant drops. At the peak of the effort, over 9,000 firefighters were assigned to the park. With fires raging throughout the Greater Yellowstone Ecosystem	Ecosystem	PROPN	and	CCONJ	 and
(NYSE: THS), a major Wal Mart supplier with which she cut ties immediately after her husband made comments critical of Wal Mart at an AFL CIO forum in Trenton, New Jersey, on May 14, 2007. She also served on the board of	of	ADP	directors	NOUN	 directors
By July 2, the system developed into a shallow land depression while situated 80 km (50 mi) north of Veraval. Winds in the area were measured up to 45 km / h (30 mph); however, as the system moved offshore, winds	winds	NOUN	quickly	ADV	 quickly
Dating to approximately 480 – 470 BC, the chamber topped a tall pillar and was decorated with marble panels carved in bas relief. It may be the tomb of Kybernis, a king of Xanthos. The marble chamber is carved in the Greek Archaic style. Along	Along	ADP	with	ADP	 with
In late 1944 the Australians launched a two pronged offensive to the east towards Wewak. The 17th Brigade advanced inland through the Torricelli Mountains while the remainder of the division moved along the coast. Although the Eighteenth Army had suffered heavy casualties from previous fighting and disease,	,	PUNCT	it	PRON	 it
The Cardinals drafted Craig as a shortstop in the eighth round of the 2006 draft (256th overall) and signed him for $15,000. However, he played just three games at shortstop with the State College Spikes in 2006 before spending the most games playing third base	base	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
Individual summer camps may also host " OA days " during which members of the OA may receive small tokens of recognition in exchange for showing their sash. The section conclave is an annual activity (prior to 1972 known as an Area OA Conference) involving three or	or	CCONJ	more	ADJ	 more
At 1145 UTC on July 25, Fengshen made landfall on Yakushima in Japan's Ōsumi Islands, while a severe tropical storm. The next day, the storm passed a short distance southwest of Jeju Island offshore South Korea. After entering the Yellow Sea, Fengshen weakened	weakened	VERB	into	ADP	 into
He rode from an early age, became an expert horseman, and was educated at Petrograd Real College of Gurevich, followed by the Nikolai Cavalry College, from where he graduated with a degree. He joined the Blue Cuirassier regiment of the imperial Russian cavalry shortly before	before	ADP	1903	NUM	 1903
I thought it was kind of funny, and also kind of sad — but in a funny way. " While the version of Crime Cutz that was officially released only consists of four tracks, Holy Ghost! said in their January 2016 announcement of the EP that	that	SCONJ	a	DET	 a
P. fimbriata in Queensland is an outstanding predator of other jumping spiders and of web spiders, but poor against insects. The Queensland variant use a unique " cryptic stalking " technique which prevents most jumping spider prey from identifying this P. fimbriata as a predator, or even	even	ADV	as	ADP	 as
They also misinterpreted the fossils, claiming that the tail was forged as one large feather, when visibly this is not the case. In addition, they claimed that the other specimens of Archaeopteryx known at the time did not have feathers, which is incorrect; the	the	DET	Maxberg	PROPN	 Maxberg
Houston had 374 volunteers and their commanders in Gonzales on March 12. Santa Anna sent Susanna Dickinson with her infant daughter Angelina, Travis ' slave Joe, and Mexican Colonel Juan Almonte's cook Ben to Gonzales, with dispatches written in English by Almonte to spread the	the	DET	news	NOUN	 news
Richard again fared well in the field, finishing with three errors and a 0.957 fielding percentage, slightly higher than the 0.950 league average. He finished fourth in the Cy Young Award voting, behind Gaylord Perry, Burt Hooton and Vida Blue. He finished atop the	the	DET	league	NOUN	 league
The airport was formally opened on June 13 with the arrival of the presidential aircraft at the new airport at around 9: 50 am PST, with Governor Tupas leading provincial and city officials in welcoming the President to the new facility. The inauguration of the new airport	airport	NOUN	also	ADV	 also
Johnson commented on his appearance: " It was, of course, a tremendous honour to step inside that most venerable of London landmarks, The Queen Vic, and share a scene with another of the capital's icons, the fabulous Barbara Windsor. " Executive producer	producer	NOUN	Diederick	PROPN	 Diederick
The first of the two versions of the Manchester Mark 1 – known as the Intermediary Version – was operational by April 1949. However, this first version lacked features such as the instructions necessary to programmatically transfer data between the main store and its newly developed magnetic backing	backing	NOUN	store	NOUN	 store
As a cabinet minister, Stewart aggressively marketed Canada's coal both domestically and internationally, for which he was honoured by Alberta's coal producers at a banquet and later awarded the Randolph Bruce Gold Medal in Science by the Canadian Institute of Mining and Metallurgy. He took	took	VERB	a	DET	 a
He sought an amphibious assault, but it was delayed by lack of landing craft, and his troops did not land at Santo Stefano until August 8, by which time the Germans and Italians had already evacuated the bulk of their troops to mainland Italy. He ordered	ordered	VERB	more	ADJ	 more
Peter Christopherson of the bands Coil and Throbbing Gristle directed a performance video for " Wish ", but the EP's most controversial video accompanied " Happiness in Slavery ". The video was almost universally banned for its graphic depiction of performance artist Bob Flanagan disrobed and lying	lying	VERB	on	ADP	 on
The King's Bench got around this in the 1670s; the Act did not say that the process had to be true, so the court continued to use legal fictions, simply ensuring that the true cause of action was expressed in the process, regardless of whether	whether	SCONJ	or	CCONJ	 or
A total of 95 shelters were opened in the state to house the evacuees. As Hurricane Ida moved over the Yucatan Channel on November 8, the NHC issued a hurricane watch for areas between Grand Isle, Louisiana and Mexico Beach, Florida. As the storm moved	moved	VERB	closer	ADV	 closer
He is best known for his work with World Championship Wrestling (WCW) between 1999 and 2001 and with World Wrestling Entertainment (WWE) for several years in the 2000s. He has also worked for Total Nonstop Action Wrestling (TNA). Moore befriended Matt and	and	CCONJ	Jeff	PROPN	 Jeff
However, on March 22, Joe Perry surprised Steven Tyler by performing " Happy Birthday " for him on American Idol, as an early birthday present for Tyler. On March 26, Aerosmith announced a summer tour with Cheap Trick entitled the " Global Warming Tour "	"	PUNCT	.	PUNCT	.
The ancient Greeks and Romans prized saffron as a perfume or deodoriser and scattered it about their public spaces: royal halls, courts, and amphitheatres alike. When Nero entered Rome they spread saffron along the streets; wealthy Romans partook of daily saffron baths. They used	used	VERB	it	PRON	 it
Under the influence of pro militarist lobbying, expansion and further reform of the army was discussed in parliament, and a new system of universal military conscription was adopted in 1913. From as early as 1904, Alfred von Schlieffen of the German General Staff began to draw	draw	VERB	up	ADP	 up
The public mood was generally sympathetic to Tanzler, whom many viewed as an eccentric " romantic ". Though not reported contemporaneously, research (most notably by authors Harrison and Swicegood) has revealed evidence of Tanzler's necrophilia with Hoyos's corpse. Two physicians (Dr.	Dr.	PROPN	DePoo	PROPN	 DePoo
" Cisneros's ability to speak two languages and to write about her two cultures gives her a unique position from where she is able to tell not just her story, but also the stories of those around her. Cisneros has been instrumental in building a strong community	community	NOUN	in	ADP	 in
There are two main groups: the Inner and Outer Hebrides. These islands have a long history of occupation dating back to the Mesolithic, and the culture of the residents has been affected by the successive influences of Celtic, Norse, and English speaking peoples. This	This	DET	diversity	NOUN	 diversity
A second possibility is that the name hooden was a reference to the hooded nature of the horse's bearer. The historian Ronald Hutton deemed this to be the " simplest " derivation, while folklorists Charlotte Sophia Burne and E. C. Cawte also considered it the most likely	likely	ADJ	explanation	NOUN	 explanation
Achilles killed both of these, but Paris then managed to kill Achilles with an arrow in the heel. Achilles ' heel was the only part of his body which was not invulnerable to damage by human weaponry. Before they could take Troy, the Greeks had to	to	PART	steal	VERB	 steal
Shackleton informed the Morning Post that " this magnificent gift relieves me of all anxiety ". Shackleton now had the money to proceed. He acquired, for £14,000 (current value £1,210,000), a 300 ton barquentine called Polaris, which had been built for	for	ADP	the	DET	 the
Behind them, Tony Martin (Omega Pharma – Quick Step) set off in pursuit of the four leaders, but was not able to reach the lead group at any point. Veilleux attacked on the Col du Corbier, and managed to break away by 40 seconds	seconds	NOUN	from	ADP	 from
" As a result, government officials refused to endorse the association's proposal, and Michigan was excluded from the highway. The efforts of the national association were stunted by the halted progress, and the highway was disbanded by December 1926. The Michigan Trail, another	another	DET	auto	NOUN	 auto
However, the resentment over Wheelwright's conviction was so high that over 60 men signed the document. Those who signed were not of little consequence either; most of them were freemen, a large number of them held office or were among the colony's wealthier inhabitants	inhabitants	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
" In 1870, the Lenos appeared in another pantomime by Leno's father, Jack the Giant Killer; or, Harlequin Grim Gosling, or the Good Fairy Queen of the Golden Pine Grove, in which Leno played the title character and also featured in the variety	variety	NOUN	entertainment	NOUN	 entertainment
Additionally, the remake lets players unlock and play through the game as the eight Robot Masters, Roll, and Protoman. The New Style stages differ in structure from that of Old Style, with some pathways only accessible to specific Robot Masters. Mega Man Powered Up	Up	ADP	also	ADV	 also
Of which there will have to be a great quantity... The men's pay has been and still is very much in arrears, and we are having the greatest difficulty in keeping them because they have simply nothing to live on. Not only were stone castles expensive	expensive	ADJ	to	PART	 to
Eric Kohn of IndieWire awarded both this episode and " Escape from the Citadel " an " A – ", writing that while the episode featured extremely dark material, it was never presented in a way so as to drive viewers away. Kohn wrote highly of the	the	DET	comedy	NOUN	 comedy
Flight testing of these modified AV 8s continued into 1979. The results showed greater than expected drag, hampering the aircraft's maximum speed. Further refinements to the aerodynamic profile yielded little improvement. Positive test results in other areas, including payload, range, and V	V	PROPN	/	SYM	 /
Gifts and other financial considerations were given to those who would evaluate and vote on Salt Lake City's bid. These gifts included medical treatment for relatives, a college scholarship for one member's son and a land deal in Utah. Even IOC president Juan Antonio Samaranch	Samaranch	PROPN	received	VERB	 received
Two months later their countries were required to work together over the Galician slaughter and a declaration of independence from Kraków. Metternich authorised the occupation of the city and use of troops to restore order in surrounding areas, intent on undoing the pseudo independence that had been granted	granted	VERB	Kraków	PROPN	 Kraków
Later, Storm spat beer in the face of Hernandez and powerbombed him off the top of a turnbuckle to the mat below. Hernandez in return jumped over the rope to the outside onto Storm. The conclusion of the encounter saw Roode attempt to perform his signature Payoff	Payoff	PROPN	maneuver	NOUN	 maneuver
So now that her Dad needs some of her liver, recovering alcoholic or not, she ’ s gonna do it. She's not even thinking about the Chief's upcoming merger – and the fact that recovering from a major surgery will put her on the	the	DET	bench	NOUN	 bench
Davies found himself again at odds with his party, over the issue of Welsh self government. He had championed this cause for many years, to the annoyance of Labour's Welsh Regional Council. In May 1954 he offered proposals for a Welsh parliament that were rejected	rejected	VERB	by	ADP	 by
The Pig faced Lady of Manchester Square became a leading topic of conversation in London. She soon began to be reported in newspapers as fact, and thousands of people believed in her existence. On 9 February 1815 an advertisement appeared in the Times from a self described	described	VERB	"	PUNCT	 "
World War II and the resulting rationing forced the park to close in 1943. Upon reopening in 1946, the park added the Caterpillar and a small showboat that sailed in Lake Bouquet. The Macdonald family obtained complete ownership of the park in 1951. After leaving Idlewild	Idlewild	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
CD Projekt partnered with small developers and large publishers, including Activision, Electronic Arts and Ubisoft, to broaden the service's portfolio of games to triple A and independent video games. Despite suspicions that it was a " doomed project ", according to managing director Guillaume	Guillaume	PROPN	Rambourg	PROPN	 Rambourg
Controversy surrounding violent titles such as Night Trap and Mortal Kombat led Sega to create the Videogame Rating Council, a predecessor to the Entertainment Software Rating Board. Sega sold 30.75 million units worldwide. In addition, Tec Toy sold an estimated 3 million licensed variants in Brazil	Brazil	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
The new Mercedes team was their first majority involvement in an F1 team since 1955. Schumacher stated that his preparations to replace the injured Massa for Ferrari had initiated a renewed interest in F1, which, combined with the opportunity to fulfil a long held ambition to drive	drive	VERB	for	ADP	 for
During the 2008 Olympics, Phelps was questioned by the press as to whether perhaps his feats were " too good to be true ", a reference to unsupported rumors that Phelps might be taking performance enhancing drugs. In response, Phelps noted that he had signed up	up	ADP	for	ADP	 for
They were Soviet made Antonov An 2 biplanes. Two aircraft continued towards Lima Site 85, while the others turned away. The Vietnam People's Air Force, in one of its few air attacks during the conflict, tried to destroy the radar at Lima Site 85	85	NUM	.	PUNCT	.
In the Pentateuch, whole sentences were erased and a new text substituted. Kings was the least corrected of the books. In the Book of Revelation only 1 of its 84 singular readings was corrected. This is in stark contrast with Codex Sinaiticus, in which 120	120	NUM	of	ADP	 of
They left only five species in Oryzomys, which was now finally a natural, monophyletic group. Because of subsequent taxonomic work, the number of species has since increased to at least eight. Some problems remain:? Oryzomys pliocaenicus, a Miocene fossil from Kansas,	,	PUNCT	is	AUX	 is
Through this gap Montgomery pushed the remainder of his armour, breaking the Afrika Korps line and pushing westwards into its rear areas and supply lines. By 4 November, the battle was won and Montgomery was entertaining the captured Afrika Korps commander, von Thoma, to dinner	dinner	NOUN	in	ADP	 in
His plan failed; the engines stopped when the ship was still far from land. Arctic's lifeboat capacity was sufficient for less than half of those on board; when Luce ordered these launched, a breakdown in order and discipline meant that most places in the boats	boats	NOUN	were	AUX	 were
From about three billion years ago, prokaryotic selenoprotein families drive the evolution of selenocysteine, an amino acid. Selenium is incorporated into several prokaryotic selenoprotein families in bacteria, archaea, and eukaryotes as selenocysteine, where selenoprotein peroxiredoxins protect bacterial and eukaryotic cells against oxidative damage.	.	PUNCT	Selenoprotein	PROPN	 Selenoprotein
Global dimming also creates a cooling effect that may have partially counteracted the effect of greenhouse gases on global warming. It is thought that global dimming is probably due to the increased presence of aerosol particles in the atmosphere caused by human action. Aerosols and other particulates absorb	absorb	VERB	solar	ADJ	 solar
Unlike Skrzynecki, he believed foreign intervention to be unrealistic, and wanted to force the Russians to return to peace talks by defeating the Russian forces, breaking the siege or defeating the assault attempts. According to the new strategy, the forces under Girolamo Ramorino and Tomasz	Tomasz	PROPN	Łubieński	PROPN	 Łubieński
In 2016, G Dragon was chosen as one of the top 10 most influential celebrities in China by Chinese media outlet Sina, he became the first international artist to be placed within the top 10 of Sina's Most Influential Stars rankings. Inspired by music by the	the	DET	Wu	PROPN	 Wu
It is later revealed in the season fourteen episode " 201 " that Jack Tenorman, Scott's father, was a football player for the Denver Broncos and Cartman's father. Dr. Alphonse Mephesto also admits that he lied about Cartman's mother being a hermaphrodite. Parker	Parker	PROPN	and	CCONJ	 and
Mason released his second solo album, Profiles, in August 1985. In 1985, faced with a potentially ruinous lawsuit from his record company and fellow band members, Waters resigned. He believed that Pink Floyd was a " spent force ". He applied to the	the	DET	High	PROPN	 High
Fighting games often include a single player campaign or tournament, where the player must defeat a sequence of several computer controlled opponents. Winning the tournament often reveals a special story – ending cutscene, and some games also grant access to hidden characters or special features upon victory	victory	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
More than 2.5 million people visit the Alamo every year. The Texas Revolution has been the subject of poetry and of many books, plays and films. Most English language treatments reflect the perspectives of the Anglos and are centered primarily on the battle of the Alamo.	.	PUNCT	From	ADP	 From
There is a terminal moraine of boulders and gravel forming a natural dam opposite the cirque face along the northeastern shore of the lake, where there is an outlet, and the lake is 10 to 15 feet deep (3 to 5 m). The cirque where	where	SCONJ	Castle	PROPN	 Castle
Taxes were cut for lower incomes starting in 1923. The lower rates substantially increased the money flowing to the treasury. They also pushed massive deregulation and federal spending as a share of GDP fell from 6.5% to 3.5%. By late 1922 the economy began to	to	PART	turn	VERB	 turn
The lad was still screaming... Ian had a hatchet in his hand... he was holding it above his head and he hit the lad on the left side of his head with the hatchet. I heard the blow, it was a terrible hard blow, it	it	PRON	sounded	VERB	 sounded
After a sixteen lap caution period, the race resumed on lap 143 with Biffle as the leader. On lap 158, Jimmie Johnson attempted to get the lead but Biffle remained the leader. On lap 191 he was passed by Juan Pablo Montoya for the lead,	,	PUNCT	but	CCONJ	 but
Northanger Abbey was one of three novels adapted for ITV's Jane Austen season. It was shot on location in Ireland from late August 2006 on a budget of £2 million. The drama was co produced by Granada Productions and American studio WGBH Boston. Northanger Abbey	Abbey	PROPN	premiered	VERB	 premiered
It premiered on the Fox network in the United States on November 21, 1999. It was written by Vince Gilligan, directed by Kim Manners, and featured a guest appearance by Chad Donella. The episode is a " Monster of the Week " story, unconnected	unconnected	ADJ	to	ADP	 to
" Junior " is arrested by the FBI on non related charges. Jackie's brother Richie Aprile is released from prison at the beginning of the second season, and proves to be uncontrollable in the business arena; he also starts a relationship with Tony's sister Janice	Janice	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
Descriptive statistics is concerned with describing data sets, which can often be represented as data matrices, which may then be subjected to dimensionality reduction techniques. The covariance matrix encodes the mutual variance of several random variables. Another technique using matrices are linear least squares, a	a	DET	method	NOUN	 method
As he leaves Lisa to hide the body, she drains even more power by re entering the conversion unit. Believing the Hub is under attack, team leader Jack Harkness (John Barrowman) sends Gwen Cooper (Eve Myles) and Owen Harper (Burn Gorman)	)	PUNCT	to	ADP	 to
Any tropical cyclone that develops within the North Indian Ocean between 100° E and 45° E is monitored by the India Meteorological Department (IMD, RSMC New Delhi). Within the region a tropical cyclone is defined as being a non frontal synoptic scale cyclone,	,	PUNCT	that	PRON	 that
This buoyant region prevents the slab (subducting tectonic plate) from diving deep into the mantle, where the heat and pressure would destabilize the mineral chlorite, releasing water that would in turn cause melting and volcanism. The Patagonian Volcanic Gap, which separates the South and	and	CCONJ	Austral	PROPN	 Austral
These include using radar to measure the distance to the Moon and to Venus; observations of astrophysical masers around star forming regions and giant stars; observations of pulsars (including the discovery of millisecond pulsars and the first pulsar in a globular cluster); observations of quasars	quasars	NOUN	and	CCONJ	 and
". The crowd cheered and Hepburn cut the ribbon. The Cloverleaf Trail and the Heenan Highway were assumed by the DHO shortly after its merger with the Department of Northern Development. Following the merger, the DHO began assigning trunk roads throughout northern Ontario as part of	of	ADP	the	DET	 the
England won the series, after recording victory in the first match and drawing the others. Hutton scored 196 in the first Test, hitting his last 96 runs in 95 minutes; he and Denis Compton scored 248 runs together in 133 minutes. After low scores in	in	ADP	the	DET	 the
The war involved all of the New England colonies, and resulted in the destruction or severe reduction and pacification of most of its Indian nations as well as inflicting many casualties on the New England colonists. Deerfield was evacuated in September 1675 after a coordinated series of attacks	attacks	NOUN	culminating	VERB	 culminating
On 18 April Varese and Giuseppe Garibaldi bombarded the fortifications at the entrance to the Dardanelles, heavily damaging them. After returning to Italy later that month, Varese began a refit that included replacing her worn out guns and lasted through mid June. When Italy declared war	war	NOUN	on	ADP	 on
Horowitz writes that despite these changes, one of the academic certainties is that the problems which had dogged the court for the last two centuries persisted; Observations on the Dilatory and Expensive Proceedings in the Court of Chancery, written in 1701, listed 25 different procedures,	,	PUNCT	areas	NOUN	 areas
SaGa Frontier 2 was a bestseller in Japan. The game has sold over 675,000 copies in Japan as of December 2004. Like SaGa Frontier, the game has been re released several times over the years, once in 2000 as part of the Square Millennium Collection,	,	PUNCT	again	ADV	 again
When the consensus of the membership permits, it provides a mechanism for armed intervention. The first human to orbit Earth was Yuri Gagarin on 12 April 1961. In total, about 487 people have visited outer space and reached orbit as of 30 July 2010, and	and	CCONJ	,	PUNCT	,
, but legally is no successor of the original Inter); FC Tatran Devín, the club that was successful mostly at youth level and merged with ŠKP Bratislava in 1995; MŠK Iskra Petržalka, playing under the name ŠK Iskra Matadorfix Bratislava in the former 1st League	League	PROPN	(	PUNCT	 (
" A 1993 issue of India Today wrote, " Saagar was in many ways a paean to her incredible beauty. She looked ravishing: auburn hair, classical face, deep eyes, an aura of sensuality. It was clear she was back. " In 1984	1984	NUM	she	PRON	 she
She was among those who encouraged Barack Obama to make his first run for the United States Congress in 2000, and she was an early supporter when he ran in 2004. When Obama later became a United States Senator following the 2004 United States Senate election in Illinois	Illinois	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
The latter team was tied for second in the conference and was 15 – 7 overall (8 – 6, Big Ten). It also had Perigo's only first team All Big Ten athlete in M. C. Burton. Team captain and two time football consensus All	All	DET	American	PROPN	 American
This change was reversed in 1997, with a return to the name Sunderland Echo. The 1990s saw the Echo take a huge technological leap forward when a £12 million printing press was installed. It was used for the first time in December 1996 and was capable	capable	ADJ	of	ADP	 of
If the cash is stored in the household of one individual, even after a century, the sum remains 100,000. If the coins are circulated through business transactions so that every individual of the ten households can enjoy the utility of the 100,000 coins, then the utility	utility	NOUN	will	AUX	 will
The decision was made by Jitendra on Shah Rukh Khan's request after a meeting was held between the producers of the respective films so as to provide both each of the films ample opportunity of earning well at the box office without diminishing each other's profits. Once	Once	ADV	Upon	SCONJ	 Upon
The renumbering was approved by the Federal Highway Administration on February 26, 1964. With this renumbering, the tollway would carry I 80S between the Ohio border and Pittsburgh, I 76 between Pittsburgh and King of Prussia, I 70 between New Stanton and Breezewood, and	and	CCONJ	I	PRON	 I
The cause of the fire remains unknown, since fire investigators were unable to access the site for safety reasons. A more severe fire burned through 11 and 12 May 2003, consuming most of what was left of the concert hall. On 23 June 2004, high	high	ADJ	winds	NOUN	 winds
This was an interwoven part of the wider multifaceted Wars of the Three Kingdoms, involving Scotland and Ireland. The Parliamentarians were victorious, Charles I was executed and the kingdom replaced by the Commonwealth. Leader of the Parliament forces, Oliver Cromwell declared himself Lord Protector in	in	ADP	1653	NUM	 1653
At night, he barricades himself and Sam inside his heavily fortified Washington Square Park home to hide from the Darkseekers. One day while waiting for survivors, Sam follows a deer into a dark building. Neville cautiously goes in after her and finds the deer's corpse	corpse	NOUN	along	ADP	 along
In France, the government press misrepresented the battle. Le Moniteur Universel published a report purportedly written by Captain Raymond Cocault of the corvette Diligente. The report began by inaccurately claiming that the British squadron consisted of nine ships of the line. The report concluded with the	the	DET	information	NOUN	 information
In 2010, the IWC authorized Greenland's native population to hunt a few humpback whales for the following three years. In Japan, humpback, minkes, sperm and many other smaller Odontoceti, including critically endangered species such as North Pacific right, western gray and northern	northern	ADJ	fin	NOUN	 fin
Remembering the slaughter at Antietam, in which the Confederates did not construct defensive works, Longstreet ordered trenches, abatis, and fieldworks to be constructed, which would set a precedent for future defensive battles of the Army of Northern Virginia. Additionally, Longstreet positioned his men	men	NOUN	behind	ADP	 behind
Before the building of the rectory began in 1944, the three priests and their housekeeper had lived in the Leslie Mansion (the mansion on the property). The mansion was over a hundred years old, was a frame building, had very few rooms, provided	provided	VERB	poor	ADJ	 poor
/ Kampfgeschwader 2 (KG 2) crashed at Marquise. Oberleutnant Helmut Schülze and Heinz Beger were killed. In January 1944 the Luftwaffe initiated Operation Steinbock. Cunningham filed two claims during the offensive which lasted until May 1944. On the night of the 20 / 21	21	NUM	February	PROPN	 February
The lower the EC50 the greater the potency of the antagonist, and the lower the concentration of drug that is required to inhibit the maximum biological response. Lower concentrations of drugs may be associated with fewer side effects. The affinity of an antagonist for its binding site	site	NOUN	(	PUNCT	 (
Johnson's revolutionary innovation was to create a set of corresponding notes that allowed readers to clarify the meaning behind many of Shakespeare's more complicated passages, and to examine those which had been transcribed incorrectly in previous editions. Included within the notes are occasional attacks upon rival	rival	ADJ	editors	NOUN	 editors
He agreed that the essential problem of the season was its reluctance to move, leading to frustration after seeing " the entertaining familiar characters so weighed down by their most annoying of traits ". In response to the season premiere, Oscar Dahl of Buddytv.com noted the predictability	predictability	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
All motorway sections of the E751 are tolled, using the electronic toll collection (ETC) and ticket systems. Since the 1980s, the E751 has gradually been upgraded from a regular two lane road to motorway standards, and further upgrades are still being carried out or	or	CCONJ	planned	VERB	 planned
Officials opened dams along the Limpopo River to prevent structural damage, which caused higher levels along the river to the east. At least 21 people died in the country, and about 80,000 people were left homeless, forcing many people into churches and schools. Damage in	in	ADP	Limpopo	PROPN	 Limpopo
Floyd declines to answer. At Clavius, Floyd heads a meeting of base personnel, apologizing for the epidemic cover story but stressing secrecy. His mission is to investigate a recently found artifact buried four million years ago. Floyd and others ride in a Moonbus to the	the	DET	artifact	NOUN	 artifact
In the nineteenth century, Netley became a popular tourist attraction (the novelist Jane Austen was among those who visited) and steps were taken to conserve the ruins. Archaeological excavations directed by Charles Pink and Reverend Edmund Kell took place in 1860. During the same period	period	NOUN	the	DET	 the
He served from September 1, 1852, to March 3, 1855, and did not stand for re election. During his short tenure, Dixon's major accomplishment was convincing Stephen Douglas to include language in the Kansas Nebraska Act that explicitly repealed the Missouri Compromise's	's	PART	prohibition	NOUN	 prohibition
Colorado and Maryland were greatly needed in the war zone, and as such did not undergo a major refit until 1944, although minor additions and removals, mainly to the anti aircraft weaponry, were made in between. Throughout the war, both ships saw their anti	anti	ADJ	aircraft	NOUN	 aircraft
Impressed with Goyer's concept, Nolan pitched the idea to the studio in February 2010, who hired Nolan to produce and Goyer to write based on the financial and critical success of The Dark Knight. Nolan admired Singer's work on Superman Returns for its connection to	to	ADP	Richard	PROPN	 Richard
FanGraphs described him as being an " elite " defensive player due to his speed and range. Even when he has struggles offensively, his defense has warranted him being in the lineup both during the early stages of his career with the Twins as a Right fielder and	and	CCONJ	during	ADP	 during
The previous scheme received more attention in 1807, by which time it had become the Portsmouth, Southampton and London Junction Canal. From Winchester it would pass through Alresford, Alton and Farnham, to join either the Basingstoke Canal at Aldershot or the Wey and Godalming Navigations	Navigations	PROPN	at	ADP	 at
The Music Library is a branch of Joyner Library located on the first floor of A.J. Fletcher Music Center. It houses approximately 93,000 items, including the entire audio recording collection. It is the largest music collection east of Raleigh. The primary users of the library are	are	AUX	faculty	NOUN	 faculty
Females ' chelicerae are dark orange brown and decorated with sparse white hairs, which form bands near the carapaces. The abdomens of females are mottled brown and black, and bear hairs of gold, white and black, and there are tufts consisting of brown hairs tipped	tipped	VERB	with	ADP	 with
The convective pattern rapidly deteriorated due to southeasterly wind shear, and despite a brief burst of convection, the storm was downgraded to a tropical depression to the west southwest of the southern tip of Baja California at 0000 UTC on September 23. Associated deep convection dissipated later	later	ADV	that	DET	 that
Scientists also view the ability to grow very long hair as a result of sexual selection, since long and healthy hair is a sign of fertility and youth. An evolutionary biology explanation for this attraction is that hair length and quality can act as a cue to youth	youth	NOUN	and	CCONJ	 and
On 6 August, the Italian destroyer Rosolino Pilo rammed U 12, probably by chance, at about 05: 00 in the Lido inlet of the Venetian Lagoon. Two days later, when Italian workers were dredging to try to determine the object Rosolino Pilo had hit	hit	VERB	,	PUNCT	,
The airline made the biggest aircraft order in its young history on 21 June 2007, by ordering 51 narrow- and wide body aircraft from European plane maker, Airbus, at an estimated value of US $5.6 billion. The airline's IATA code was changed from N8	N8	NOUN	to	ADP	 to
For the first time in the series, Sonic and Blaze's sprites are rendered in 3D. The game's boss battles are 3D. The game has a two player mode in which Sonic and Blaze race to the end of a chosen level from the game. There is	is	VERB	also	ADV	 also
In 1998, he moved to CBS with the AFC package, teaming first with Greg Gumbel (through the end of the 2003 season) and currently with Jim Nantz on the CBS's lead broadcast team. He also worked with Armen Keteyian, Bonnie Bernstein and Lesley	Lesley	PROPN	Visser	PROPN	 Visser
Upon entering Kazan University in August 1887, Lenin moved into a nearby flat with his mother. Interested in his late brother's radical ideas, he joined both a zemlyachestvo (a university society) and an agrarian socialist revolutionary cell. The zemlyachestvo elected him as its	its	PRON	representative	NOUN	 representative
Raised in rural New South Wales, she trained at Sydney's College of Fine Arts and London's Chelsea School of Art. She had early successes, winning a New South Wales Travelling Art Scholarship in 1981 and the Moet & Chandon Australian Art Fellowship in 1984.	.	PUNCT	Oliver	PROPN	 Oliver
In three season at Anacostia, June compiled a 12 – 23 record before accepting a position as head coach at Charles Herbert Flowers High School in Prince George's County for the 2015 season. In April 2016, June became the running backs coach and running backs coach	coach	NOUN	and	CCONJ	 and
It was written by Andrew Lloyd Webber and Tim Rice, for the 1996 film adaptation of the musical, Evita, based on the life of Argentinian leader Eva Perón. The song was released on October 27, 1996, by Warner Bros. as the lead single from	from	ADP	the	DET	 the
with Jamie Oliver is a cooking video game for the Nintendo DS narrated by celebrity chef Jamie Oliver. It was developed and published by Atari, Inc. (Atari, SA subsidiary) and released in North America on October 21, 2008, and in Europe on October	October	PROPN	24	NUM	 24
While Aflaq needed the military committee to seize power, the committee needed Aflaq to hold on power – without Aflaq they would have no support base. At the 5th National Ba ' ath Party Congress, held on 8 May 1962, it was decided to reestablish the	the	DET	party	NOUN	 party
Clary first suggested gold colored shingles, but John Patrick Crecine, Georgia Tech's president at the time, insisted on copper shingles to match the building's original construction materials. One of these shingles and a small marker inside the Tech Tower entrance lobby commemorate Clary and	and	CCONJ	his	PRON	 his
It is a Grade II * listed building, a national designation given to " particularly important buildings of more than special interest ", because it is a " good rural church retaining substantial medieval fabric. " St Mary's Church is situated near the east coast of	of	ADP	Anglesey	PROPN	 Anglesey
Biquadrate has been used to refer to the fourth power as well. Some mathematicians (e.g., Isaac Newton) used exponents only for powers greater than two, preferring to represent squares as repeated multiplication. Thus they would write polynomials, for example, as ax +	+	NOUN	bxx	VERB	 bxx
Believing that the elder brother had information on Chen's escape, police took him to a police station for interrogation, and reportedly chained his feet, slapped him, and struck him with a belt. Police officers then allegedly returned to the family's home and proceeded	proceeded	VERB	to	PART	 to
As angry as I may be about activities undertaken without my knowledge, I am still accountable for those activities. As disappointed as I may be in some who served me, I'm still the one who must answer to the American people for this behavior. Finally	Finally	ADV	,	PUNCT	,
Previously, Johnson was the head coach at Princeton University from 2007 to 2011 where he led the Princeton Tigers men's basketball team to the 2011 Ivy League Title and the 2011 NCAA Tournament. A 1997 Princeton alumnus, Johnson played for the Tigers from 1993 to 1997	1997	NUM	.	PUNCT	.
A year later, on September 8, 2000, Key released their second game Air, which was also an adult game and similar in storytelling to Kanon. Key's third game Clannad is a visual novel similar to Key's previous games, but contains no adult	adult	NOUN	content	NOUN	 content
He travels between games in the arcade, and ultimately must eliminate a dire threat that could affect the entire arcade, and one that Ralph himself inadvertently started. Wreck It Ralph premiered at the El Capitan Theatre on October 29, 2012, and went into general release	release	NOUN	on	ADP	 on
Both Hessian detachments made organized retreats, firing as they fell back. On the high ground at the north end of Trenton, they were joined by a duty company from the Lossberg Regiment. They engaged the Americans, retreating slowly, keeping up continuous fire and using	using	VERB	houses	NOUN	 houses
Those nominations are then used to promote the film. But while the former nominations are announced in December with the awards themselves given in early January, the Academy Award nominations are announced after the Golden Globes, and the actual awards are not given until late February leaving	leaving	VERB	most	ADJ	 most
Cobby had rejoined the Civil Aviation Board (by then the Department of Civil Aviation) after leaving the RAAF and served as Regional Director, New South Wales, from 1947 to 1954. He was appointed Director of Flying Operations early the following year. On Armistice Day	Day	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
Azerbaijan is also an important economic hub in the transportation of raw materials. The Baku – Tbilisi – Ceyhan pipeline (BTC) became operational in May 2006 and extends more than 1,774 kilometers through the territories of Azerbaijan, Georgia and Turkey. The BTC is designed to	to	PART	transport	VERB	 transport
Accordingly, historians date the establishment of the Diocese of Transylvania to this period. If the identification, proposed by Kristó, Györffy and other Hungarian historians, of Gyula with one Prokui — who was Stephen's uncle according to Thietmar of Merseburg — is valid, Gyula	Gyula	PROPN	later	ADV	 later
Renown was recommissioned in September 1921 for a tour of India and Japan by the Prince of Wales and sailed from Portsmouth in October. The ship arrived back in Portsmouth in June 1922 and she was placed in reserve the following month. The ship began a reconstruction that	that	DET	same	ADJ	 same
He kept goal in the final of the Full Members Cup (a largely unsuccessful tournament inspired by the ban on European football), as Everton were beaten 4 – 3 by Nottingham Forest. More significantly, he kept goal against Liverpool in the 1989 FA Cup Final	Final	PROPN	after	ADP	 after
Olivia Wilde's character, Quorra, was informed by the historical Catholic figure Joan of Arc. Wilde sought inspiration from her six months before production of the film commenced. She, alongside Kosinski, collaborated with the writers on editing the characters so she would contain the	the	DET	characteristics	NOUN	 characteristics
Between 10 and 25 percent of the people on each train were chosen as forced laborers; the rest were killed within hours of arrival. Under international pressure, the Hungarian government halted deportations on 6 July 1944, by which time over 437,000 of Hungary's 725,000 Jews	Jews	PROPN	had	AUX	 had
The Afghan company contracted to bring heavy construction equipment delayed its arrival to until 13 July. It was decided that soldier labor with the aid of an engineer squad and a Bobcat front end loader already at Bella would be good enough to prepare an initial defense in the	the	DET	six	NUM	 six
Australia received a fire control director sometime between mid 1915 and May 1916; this centralised fire control under the director officer, who now fired the guns. The turret crewmen merely had to follow pointers transmitted from the director to align their guns on the target. This	This	DET	greatly	ADV	 greatly
By the end of the 13th century a large prison had been built in the castle; this was probably constructed in the north west corner of the Lower Court, overlooked by the Prison Tower. The prisoners kept there in the medieval period included local poachers and,	,	PUNCT	in	ADP	 in
After Melbourne was decommissioned, the Fleet Air Arm ceased fixed wing combat aircraft operation in 1984, with the final Tracker flight saluting the decommissioned carrier. Melbourne was the third and final conventional aircraft carrier to operate with the RAN. Following the first decommissioning of sister ship	ship	NOUN	HMAS	PROPN	 HMAS
However, in December 2008, Delorentos explained in their MySpace blog that a potential record deal had fallen through due to the prospective label encountering financial problems. Added to this, the collapse of Pinnacle, their distribution company, denied the band a chance to release their	their	PRON	album	NOUN	 album
All coal was delivered to and stored in a large open area to the north of the power stations. This had a tarmac barrier underneath it to prevent downward contamination. The coal was brought from the storage area to the station using a system of conveyor belts,	,	PUNCT	which	PRON	 which
A total of 58 of the 393 holes were incompletely filled. After the dam was completed and the lake began to fill, large numbers of significant leaks into the dam caused the Bureau of Reclamation to look into the situation. It found that the work had been	been	AUX	incompletely	ADV	 incompletely
These peasants lived within three kinds of settlements: the chorion or village, the agridion or hamlet, and the proasteion or estate. Many civil disturbances that occurred during the time of the Byzantine Empire were attributed to political factions within the Empire rather than to this large	large	ADJ	popular	ADJ	 popular
" A sociological comparative study by the Pew Research Center found that Jehovah's Witnesses in the United States ranked highest in statistics for getting no further than high school graduation, belief in God, importance of religion in one's life, frequency of religious attendance, frequency	frequency	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
Additionally, the IOM has been cooperating with local NGOs and the Haitian Ministry of Social Affairs, the Institute for Social Welfare and Research or the Brigade for the Protection of Minors of the Haitian national police to tackle human trafficking. The government has made efforts to prevent	prevent	VERB	and	CCONJ	 and
An unspecified number of Filipinos refer to themselves as Pinoy or sometimes the feminine Pinay. The word is formed by taking the last four letters of Filipino and adding the diminutive suffix -y in the Tagalog language (the suffix is commonly used in Filipino nicknames: e.g. "	"	PUNCT	Ninoy	PROPN	 Ninoy
Because of the biological and geological interest the site was designated as a Site of Special Scientific Interest in 1952. In 1968 the priory and adjoining land of Middle Hope was purchased by the National Trust for Places of Historic Interest or Natural Beauty as part of Project Neptune	Neptune	PROPN	.	PUNCT	.
FuG 10P, FuG 16, FuBl Z and APZ 6 were fitted for communication and navigation at night, while some aircraft received the FuG 101a radio altimeter. The H 16 retained its eight ESAC internal bomb cells; four bomb cells, as on previous versions could	could	AUX	be	AUX	 be
" The exact time of the liftoff varies from source to source and is mentioned as 05: 30: 42 Moscow Time or 07: 22 Moscow Time. At peak acceleration Laika's respiration increased to between three and four times the pre launch rate. The sensors	sensors	NOUN	showed	VERB	 showed
The Old Norse nickname Digri and its Latin translation Grossus (" the stout ") are given to him by near contemporary texts. Siward was probably of Scandinavian origin, perhaps a relative of Earl Ulf, and emerged as a powerful regional strongman in England during the	the	DET	reign	NOUN	 reign
The pair joined Empoli in 1999, who had been relegated to Serie B the previous season, and became regular selections in the first team. In Bresciano's third year at the club, he scored 10 goals and helped Empoli to a fourth position and promotion back	back	ADV	to	ADP	 to
In October 1915, the Serbian Army was overwhelmed by a combined Austro Hungarian, Bulgarian and German invasion and forced to retreat to neutral Greece via Albania. Bojić and his younger brother joined the exodus, marching for several weeks through Kosovo, Montenegro and northern Albania,	,	PUNCT	where	SCONJ	 where
Nevertheless, the effects of the action on the wider war were hugely important. The losses suffered by the Dutch Navy in ships, men and morale gave the Royal Navy superiority in the North Sea, a position enhanced by the disruption the battle caused to French negotiations	negotiations	NOUN	for	ADP	 for
The Tate Gallery, as it was formerly known, also became a major centre for modern art; in 2000 this collection moved to Tate Modern, a new gallery housed in the former Bankside Power Station. London is one of the major classical and popular music capitals	capitals	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
The most effective part of the Croatian police force was 3,000 strong special police comprising twelve battalions organised along military lines. There were also 9,000 – 10,000 regionally organised reserve police in 16 battalions and 10 companies, but they lacked weapons. In response to the deteriorating situation	situation	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
These elements appear in the song's chorus, where Harrison sings: " How I love you / Baby, so don't let me wait too long. " Harrison biographer Simon Leng views " pop soul music " as " the obvious root " of " Do	Do	AUX	n't	PART	n't
The initial release, OpenBSD 1.2, was made in July 1996, followed by OpenBSD 2.0 in October of the same year. Since then, the project has followed a schedule of a release every six months, each of which is supported for one year. On	On	ADP	25	NUM	 25
A large variety of closed polyhedra meeting this criterion can be constructed, of which the simplest are the truncated tetrahedron, the truncated octahedron, and the octahedron, which are Platonic solids or semiregular polyhedra. Considering the first series of " closed cyclols " (those modeled	modeled	VERB	on	ADP	 on
When Saunders returned from Naivasha with the relief party, Mackinder had another attempt at the summit with Ollier and Brocherel. They traversed the Lewis Glacier and climbed the south east face of Nelion. They spent the night near the gendarme, and traversed the snowfield at the	the	DET	head	NOUN	 head
The other claims that the first faction is in error, and that by incorporating in 1961, it lost its identity as a faithful continuation of Strang's organization. This second group claims that it is the sole true remnant of James Strang's church. Missionary work	work	NOUN	is	AUX	 is
The matter was first brought to public attention by historian C.P. Stacey, who wrestled with the question of how to present the battle to the public in the Official History of the Canadian Army in the Second World War and was required to make minor changes to the narrative	narrative	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
The northward movement was facilitated by vessels leaving from assembly areas at Qui Nhơn and Cà Mau at the southernmost extremity of Vietnam. The voyages to North Vietnam were provided by empty French ships heading back north to fetch more southbound anti communists, as well vessels from communist	communist	ADJ	nations	NOUN	 nations
This plan was affected by the needs of the war. As the fighting dragged on and casualties mounted, the various commanders of the Army of the Potomac repeatedly raided the Washington garrison for trained artillerymen and infantry replacements. By 1864, Washington had been stripped to a	a	DET	total	NOUN	 total
This is further confirmed by the discovery of Sahure's cartouche in the mortuary temple of Userkaf at Saqqara, indicating that Sahure finished the structure started most probably by his father. This contradicts an older, alternative theory according to which Sahure was the son of queen Khentkawes	Khentkawes	PROPN	I	PROPN	 I
After lying ill for a week, he died there, at Pavoloch ". He was given a " ceremonial funeral with the entire army present. On August 22, Wiśniowiecki's body was seen off with the utmost pomp on its journey to his residence ".	.	PUNCT	Wiśniowiecki	PROPN	 Wiśniowiecki
Writing for Idolator, Bianca Gracie calle d " Bedtime Story " the highlight of the album, adding that " It sucks you in with its quivering drum patterns taken directly from trance music, which creates an ethereal ambiance ". Gracie commended the influence of UK dance	dance	NOUN	music	NOUN	 music
Following the arrival of the Dutch workers in the 1890s, the community continued to expand with the arrival of workers from the Netherlands until about 1912, but most had returned to their country of origin by 1914. In the 1930s, the British Moss Litter Company employed	employed	VERB	around	ADP	 around
People started to revolt. The settlement of the north continued up to Qin Shi Huang's death in 210 BC, upon which Meng Tian was ordered to commit suicide in a succession conspiracy. Before killing himself, Meng Tian expressed regret for his walls: " Beginning	Beginning	VERB	at	ADP	 at
On a road next to Talladega Superspeedway in August 1970, Heppenstall drove the TX Mk. II to six records recognized by the FIA, with the timing recorded by the new International Motor Sports Association (IMSA). In 1971, Howmet ended their promotional use of	of	ADP	the	DET	 the
Before leaving Boston, Mary had given birth to a severely deformed infant that was stillborn. Because of the theological implications of such a birth, the baby was buried secretly. When the Massachusetts authorities learned of this birth, the ordeal became public, and in the	the	DET	minds	NOUN	 minds
Other special features include " Rite of Passage: The Amazing Spider Man reborn " and " The Oscorp Archives - Production Art Gallery ". The discs also contain audio commentary from Marc Webb, Avi Arad and Matt Tolmach. The deleted scenes included relationship building between Peter	Peter	PROPN	and	CCONJ	 and
During his time in the Netherlands, Fandi scored 11 league goals in 36 league games for Groningen. The next club that Fandi played for was Malaysia Cup side Kuala Lumpur FA, which in 1987 won its first Malaysia Cup title. It was Malaysia Cup champions again	again	ADV	the	DET	 the
After two years in reduced commission in August, Wadsworth was reactivated in May 1921. She was decommissioned in June 1922, and spent nearly 14 years in reserve at the Philadelphia Navy Yard. She was struck from the Naval Vessel Register in January 1936, sold in	in	ADP	June	PROPN	 June
Since several specimens were kept alive in captivity, it was probably not a specialised feeder. That the Vienna specimen was partially white may have been the result of food deficiency during a long period in captivity; the clipped primary wing feathers indicate it was caged. Little	Little	PROPN	was	AUX	 was
According to the historian David Frith, Peel was not a considerate husband. Frith also suggests that he was sometimes involved in embarrassing situations; for example, when Ranjitsinhji invited him on a hunting trip, " Peel blasted eight barrels at a hare, removing its legs	legs	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
As well as guarding against escapes and enforcing discipline, they oversaw prisoner work and instructed inmates in trades. The warders were also supposed to be moral role models for prisoners, while maintaining a formal, distant, relationship. The prison officer's role in the 20th	20th	ADJ	century	NOUN	 century
The first roads in the Peak were constructed by the Romans, although they may have followed existing tracks. The Roman network is thought to have linked the settlements and forts of Aquae Arnemetiae (Buxton), Chesterfield, Ardotalia (Glossop) and Navio (Brough and	and	CCONJ	Shatton	PROPN	 Shatton
" Describing Nicole's reaction he said that she was " dumbfounded " by his offer, as she had believed he was acting strange because he wanted to dump her. Nicole refused when she realised his reasons for proposing. According to James, the moment managed to	to	PART	ruin	VERB	 ruin
Handed complete managerial control following Mudie's resignation in May 1967, Matthews couldn't guide the club to success – instead, Port Vale were fined £4,000 in February / March 1968 and expelled from the Football League for financial irregularities. He was forced to use his	his	PRON	name	NOUN	 name
" From the Bottom of My Broken Heart " achieved moderate success, peaking at number thirty seven in Australia, and twenty three in New Zealand. Through imports, the song reached one hundred seventy four in the United Kingdom. In the United States, " From	From	ADP	the	DET	 the
At the time many French and American politicians were willing to believe that Ho was part of a Soviet plan to dominate the world, but Leclerc warned that " anti communism will be a useless tool unless the problem of nationalism is resolved. " His advice was simple	simple	ADJ	:	PUNCT	:
In 2010 there were 944 pupils on the school roll and it was inspected by Ofsted in the same year. MidKent College (formerly Mid Kent College of Higher and Further Education) is the nearest further education college to Ditton. Three campuses, situated in Maidstone and	and	CCONJ	Medway	PROPN	 Medway
It has been in existence at least since 1000 CE, although myths surrounding the temple associate it with the popular Indian epic Ramayana, and its legendary hero king Rama. The temple is one of the ancient Pancha Ishwarams dedicated to Shiva in the region. The temple	temple	NOUN	complex	NOUN	 complex
Richard Harrington of The Washington Post found some quiet moments on The Open Door most notably on the " haunting ballad ' Good Enough ' " and on " Like You ". Writing for the magazine St. Louis Post Dispatch, Sara Berry concluded that the band balanced the	the	DET	"	PUNCT	 "
This vent endemic gastropod is known only from deep sea hydrothermal vents in the Indian Ocean, where it has been found at depths of about 2,400 – 2,800 m (1.5 – 1.7 mi). Chrysomallon squamiferum differs greatly from other deep sea gastropods, even the closely	closely	ADV	related	VERB	 related
Within two weeks Barkas's plan was accepted, but with one change requested by Montgomery: the dummy armour was doubled to represent a whole armoured corps of over 600 vehicles. Richardson integrated the camouflage plan with the main plans: in Barkas's words, Richardson "	"	PUNCT	amplified	VERB	 amplified
In June 1991, Croatia declared its independence as Yugoslavia disintegrated. This was followed by a three month moratorium on the decision, but the decision came into effect on 8 October. As the Yugoslav People's Army (JNA) increasingly supported the RSK and the Croatian	Croatian	PROPN	Police	PROPN	 Police
She also said that its art is " superb... with every inch filled with details and no gag left unseen ". Zac Bertschy from Anime News Network (ANN) declared Eyeshield 21 " defies convention " by turning what most might consider " a really ridiculously bad	bad	ADJ	idea	NOUN	 idea
The nation's Health Ministry sent medical crews across the country to affected areas in an effort to prevent the spread of disease; the agency also suggested residents boil their water. Officials opened shelters in Tamaulipas for residents whose houses were damaged, housing about 2,000 people in	in	ADP	the	DET	 the
At first Hill believed, " Voluntary workers are a necessity. They are better than paid workers, and can be had in sufficient numbers. " Later, she found it expedient to maintain a paid workforce. Her system required a large staff. Rent was collected	collected	VERB	on	ADP	 on
The Javan slow loris (Nycticebus javanicus) was first described scientifically in 1812, by the French naturalist Étienne Geoffroy Saint Hilaire. The species name javanicus refers to its place of origin. However, the species was not recognized for long; by 1840, René Primevère	Primevère	PROPN	Lesson	PROPN	 Lesson
Wills scalped 7 wickets in a single innings. Wills announced in early 1869 that he would not play for Victoria again, even if the colony wanted him. He planned to leave for Cullin la ringo, but his mother, still " very dissatisfied " with him	him	PRON	,	PUNCT	,
It was written and produced by Gaga, Space Cowboy and Martin Kierszenbaum. Space Cowboy, whose real name is Nick Dresti, and Gaga were introduced in Los Angeles by Martin Kierszenbaum, the head of Gaga's label, Cherrytree Records, an imprint of Interscope Records	Records	PROPN	.	PUNCT	.
The seventh series received healthy ratings, with both BBC One and BBC Three ratings together achieving 6.13 million viewers per episode. It series also attracted critical acclaim, with some reviewers considering it to be the best series of Spooks. Both factors allowed the BBC to commission	commission	VERB	an	DET	 an
M type (metal rich) asteroids form about 10% of the total population; their spectra resemble that of iron nickel. Some are believed to have formed from the metallic cores of differentiated progenitor bodies that were disrupted through collision. However, there are also some	some	DET	silicate	ADJ	 silicate
Matsui, by contrast, was found guilty of only one count of negligence but was sentenced to death. The historian Tokushi Kasahara argues that the prosecution at the IMTFE did not attempt seriously to investigate all those who were involved in the Nanking Massacre, and instead just	just	ADV	decided	VERB	 decided
It is now in its third location, and used to be located in St James's Street, London, and The Berkeley hotel, where it was run by head chef Wareing. By the time Pétrus ' lease ran out in September 2008, it held two	two	NUM	Michelin	PROPN	 Michelin
Architecturally, most war memorials were relatively conservative in design, aiming to use established styles to produce a tragic but comforting, noble and enduring commemoration of the war dead. Classical themes were particularly common, taking the prevailing styles of the late 19th century and typically simplifying	simplifying	VERB	them	PRON	 them
This can occur in a variety of contexts, but is an event which could occur in some yoga practices. This is a very serious condition which can result in a stroke. Acetabular labral tears, damage to the structure joining the femur and the hip, have	have	AUX	been	AUX	 been
The country's leading fishing port consists of an industrial harbour that supports the area's fishing industry as well as facilities for cruise ships. It also has a shipyard and fish processing facilities. The harbour's marina is open to visitors during the summer months. The	The	DET	fishing	NOUN	 fishing
Adam Woodroof of CCM Magazine gave it 3.5 out of 5 stars. While Woodroof felt the album did not deliver an innovative sound, he complemented it as offering " a breath of fresh air — and a sincerity sure to hold other artists wishing to dive into the	the	DET	genre	NOUN	 genre
" AllMusic contributor Tom Maginnis writes that the lyrics " reflect the idealist optimism of the soon to be labeled ' summer of love ' and the kind of chemically enhanced mind expanding euphoria that pervaded the new ' hippie ' youth culture ". Author Ian Inglis views Harrison	Harrison	PROPN	's	PART	's
A study by the Wellcome Trust, led by Sir Walter Bodmer and published on Channel 4's Faces of Britain in April 2007, showed that the Cornish people have a particular variant of the Melanocortin 1 receptor gene, identifying them as Celts more closely related to the	the	DET	Welsh	PROPN	 Welsh
The 1891 flag inherited red stands for the colour of the republican inspired masonry backed revolutionaries, whereas green was the colour Auguste Comte had destined to be present in the flags of positivist nations, an ideal incorporated into the republican political matrix. The armillary sphere was an	an	DET	important	ADJ	 important
: 450 A P. fimbriata specimen, now in the Australian Museum collection, regenerated a lost limb about 7 days after moulting. All performance statistics summarise result of tests in a laboratory, using captive specimens.: 429 – 430 Female P. fimbriatas ' tactics and performance	performance	NOUN	show	VERB	 show
Some pipeline opponents were satisfied by Alyeska's preliminary design, which incorporated underground and raised crossings for caribou and other big game, gravel and styrofoam insulation to prevent permafrost melting, automatic leak detection and shutoff, and other techniques. Other opponents, including fishermen who feared	feared	VERB	tanker	NOUN	 tanker
It received a score of 32 / 40 from Famitsu; one reviewer wrote that the remake includes " enough differences in the Social Links to make it fun even for old players. ", and perfect scores from websites such as Destructoid and GamePro. GameTrailers went on	on	ADP	to	PART	 to
A single Hotchkiss QF 6 pounder anti aircraft gun on a high angle mounting was mounted on the quarterdeck in 1915. It had a maximum depression of 8° and a maximum elevation of 60°. The gun fired a 6 pound (2.7 kg) shell at	at	ADP	a	DET	 a
He left the Militia on 8 November 1941. Miller and a friend then attempted to join the Royal Australian Navy (RAN) as stokers. When the navy would not take his friend, Miller tore up his paperwork in protest, left the recruiting office, and	and	CCONJ	walked	VERB	 walked
A huge flood in 1899 near The Pas left no ground to walk upon, yet the railway track construction work began in 1906, with more continuing in 1911. In 1928, the Canadian Pacific Railway (CPR) surveyed their line across the Saskatchewan River near Prince	Prince	PROPN	Albert	PROPN	 Albert
In addition, a significant number of used imported Leafs from neighboring countries have been registered in the country, raising the stock of registered Leafs to over 20,000 units, meaning that more than 10% of Leafs sold in the world are on Norwegian roads by November 2015	2015	NUM	.	PUNCT	.
These figures were much lower when the budget was brought down on March 26, 2013, but the Dunderdale government was still projecting a deficit of $563.8 million for the 2013 fiscal year. Roughly 1,200 public sector jobs were eliminated, due to spending cuts totalling over	over	ADP	$	SYM	 $
Despite his successes in America, the Australian Swimming Union did not offer to fund a return home for Brooks for the 1982 Australian Championships, but the University of Arkansas paid his fare as a reward for his performances in collegiate competition. Despite failing to defend his 100	100	NUM	m	NOUN	 m
The first film listed was titled " A Restless Spirit " (The Restless Spirit) and the second film would be Shon the Piper. It is unknown if there was some change in Shon the Piper's production or if the Clipper was mistaken because neither Kerrigan or	or	CCONJ	Dwan	PROPN	 Dwan
To stretch the skin over the drum properly, one process requires the body to be held on a platform with several hydraulic jacks underneath it. The edges of the cowhide are secured to an apparatus below the jacks, and the jacks stretch the skin incrementally to precisely	precisely	ADV	apply	VERB	 apply
The presence of Crossland, and a number of other bowlers with suspect actions, in the Lancashire team resulted in some counties refusing to play fixtures against during the mid 1880s. During 1885, a ruling from the Marylebone Cricket Club barred Crossland from playing for Lancashire as	as	SCONJ	his	PRON	 his
Breadon agreed, and Hornsby became the Cardinals ' manager. Hornsby finished the year with his second Triple Crown, when he combined a.403 batting average with 39 home runs and 143 RBIs. He bested teammate Jim Bottomley in the batting title race by nearly 40 points.	.	PUNCT	That	DET	 That
Later models incorporated an M61 Vulcan rotary cannon. Beginning in 1959, it set 15 world records for in flight performance, including an absolute speed record, and an absolute altitude record. During the Vietnam War, the F 4 was used extensively; it served as	as	ADP	the	DET	 the
Perez also expressed doubt the show would attract a new audience because it ran too late into the night following the Super Bowl. However, Perez said he enjoyed the Black / Leachman cameos. Terry Morrow of the Knoxville News Sentinel said, " This particular visit to	to	ADP	The	DET	 The
The following week OCI asked the provincial government for an exemption to export unprocessed fish in return for nearly doubling the workforce at the company's plant in Fortune. Minister King reacted positively to the proposed idea and said the government would consider it. Negotiations on a deal	deal	NOUN	would	AUX	 would
Bruce Swedien, the song's engineer, said of the song being recorded, When we started ' Thriller ', the first day at Westlake, we were all there and Quincy [Jones, the producer] walked in followed by me and Michael and Rod Temperton	Temperton	PROPN	and	CCONJ	 and
Of the components of the F 20, the radar would end up being the most successful; Taiwan selected it for the Ching kuo, South Korea also adopted it for the KAI T 50 Golden Eagle trainer aircraft, and the radar was used in the multinational FMA	FMA	PROPN	IA	PROPN	 IA
On December 27, 1999, Combs and his then girlfriend Jennifer Lopez were at Club New York in Manhattan when gunfire broke out. After a police investigation, Combs and fellow rapper Shyne were arrested for weapons violations and other charges. Combs was charged with four weapons	weapons	NOUN	related	VERB	 related
In the words of Tacitus, Christians showed " hatred of the human race " (odium generis humani). Among the more credulous, Christians were thought to use black magic in pursuit of revolutionary aims, and to practice incest and cannibalism. Nonetheless, for the	the	DET	first	ADJ	 first
After defeating him twice, they received a key that opens even more levels of the castle. After collecting 150 power stars, Mario and his friends reach the highest area of the castle, where they ensue a final battle against Bowser. Eventually, after Bowser's	's	PART	defeat	NOUN	 defeat
Co star Brittany Tiplady was later nominated for a Young Artist Award but failed to win. The show itself was nominated for a People's Choice Award in the category " Favorite Television New Dramatic Series " but did not win. Robert McLachlan was nominated and won a	a	DET	Canadian	PROPN	 Canadian
Following this, Bohemond retreated to Apulia and died there. His nephew, Tancred, who was regent in Antioch, refused to accept the terms of the Treaty. Antioch came temporarily under Byzantine sway in 1137, but it was not until 1158 that it truly became	became	VERB	a	DET	 a
He did so, and when Brett eventually arrived to give a speech nearly identical to the one Sifton had given on his behalf he was puzzled by the audience's amusement. Having defeated Brett, Sifton was immediately one of the area's most prominent Liberals, and	and	CCONJ	was	AUX	 was
Heljar Ballo told Aftenposten that the family " had confidence " in the investigation by local law enforcement in France. He thought there was a connection between her death and Scientology. Kaja Ballo's father retained an attorney to investigate his daughter's death. In April 2008	2008	NUM	,	PUNCT	,
Therefore, the crew attempted to conceal Cox's pregnancy using a combination of baggy, loose fitting costumes and props instead. However, at times the actress ' growing belly was still detectable by viewers in spite of the crew's best efforts. At the beginning of	of	ADP	season	NOUN	 season
The secret burial was not announced until October 1962. The authenticity of the head has long been debated, and has resulted in a number of scientific analyses. The most notable and detailed of these was Karl Pearson and Geoffrey Morant's study conducted in the 1930s,	,	PUNCT	which	PRON	 which
From that point forward, says Schindlerjude Sol Urbach, Schindler " changed his mind about the Nazis. He decided to get out and to save as many Jews as he could. " Płaszów concentration camp opened in March 1943 on the former site of two Jewish cemeteries	cemeteries	NOUN	on	ADP	 on
After noticing Dawn has not come back, Buffy goes to look for her and finds her in the morgue, being attacked by the vampire. As Buffy fights and kills the vampire, the sheet falls from Joyce's face. Looking at her mother, Dawn asks	asks	VERB	where	SCONJ	 where
The western portion of the Montmédy sector was even more lightly defended, with several lines of fortifications ranging from fortified houses near the border to small blockhouses farther back. None of the western defenses were of a scale sufficient to support La Ferté or to act as a	a	DET	significant	ADJ	 significant
Reelviews editor James Berardinelli praised their relationship, stating that it brought a tear to his eye in a way no animated film has done, including anything by famed anime director Hayao Miyazaki. Ann Hornaday praised the prologue, describing it as " worthy of Chaplin in its	its	PRON	heartbreaking	ADJ	 heartbreaking
Sunset City had three different iterations. In the early stages, it was called Greenlight City, based on Burbank, California. This version of the city featured interior structures that could be explored by players, and existed when the game's core concept revolved around "	"	PUNCT	scavenge	NOUN	 scavenge
The City Council meets bi weekly in City Hall located at 201 W. Gray Street in downtown Norman; various boards and commissions meet in accordance with their own schedules. The present mayor of Norman is Lynne Miller (elected in 2016), and the city manager is	is	AUX	Steve	PROPN	 Steve
Eventually, Lieutenant Colonel J. V. B. Jervis Reid, head of Ops (B), spotted a photograph of Meyrick Clifton James in the News Chronicle. James, an Australian, had spent 25 years as an actor before the war, and at the time was	was	AUX	assigned	VERB	 assigned
And they're not about to start now. " A reunion concert took place at the Royal Festival Hall, London, on 6 May, which was released as Real Time in 2007. The Festival Hall concert was followed by several European dates in the summer and	and	CCONJ	autumn	NOUN	 autumn
The final years of his life were spent in Angmering, West Sussex, with Violet. Holloway forged close friendships with fellow performers including Leslie Henson, Gracie Fields, Maurice Chevalier, Laurence Olivier and Arthur Askey, who said of him, " He was the nicest	nicest	ADJ	man	NOUN	 man
Bellman returned to the bank job, and seems quickly to have fallen into financial difficulty: " a jungle of debts, sureties and bondsmen began to proliferate around him. " The character of bailiff Blomberg appears in his songs (e.g. FS 14), constantly trying	trying	VERB	to	PART	 to
Chicago saw pressure grow on its existing office space during the war; limited wartime construction created supply shortages and rent levels rose in response by around 100 percent between 1919 and 1924. This level of potential profits encouraged an explosion of new building projects in the city.	.	PUNCT	The	DET	 The
On the October 29 episode of Raw! Torrie competed in the Halloween Divas Battle Royal eliminating Victoria before being last eliminated by Kelly Kelly, who defeated her with a strike to the groin. On the November 16 episode of SmackDown!, Torrie teamed up with Mickie	Mickie	PROPN	James	PROPN	 James
All of the office workers compete against each other for a $2,000 prize. Erin Hannon in particular is fiercely competitive, and even as she realizes that she is showing an ugly side of herself to her boyfriend Pete Miller, she can not hold back from smashing	smashing	VERB	a	DET	 a
Psy – vocals, producer, songwriter (lyrics and music) Yoo Gun hyung – producer, songwriter (music), arrangement Credits adapted from Psy 6 (Six Rules), Part 1 EP liner notes and YG Entertainment official website. The song and its accompanying	accompanying	VERB	music	NOUN	 music
David Levering Lewis has called Loving " one of the Army's most effective wartime undercover Negro agents. " Later, Loving would be tasked with touring the United States to inspect the conditions of race relations at U.S. Army camps. His final report observed that African American	American	ADJ	soldiers	NOUN	 soldiers
The band participated in three headlining tours: the Revolt Tour, the Endless Summer Tour, and the World War III Tour, as well as other supporting tours throughout 2011 to promote the album. Upon release, American Tragedy received mixed reviews. Critics consistently noted the	the	DET	darker	ADJ	 darker
This denied the British the ability to intercept and decrypt German signals, which had previously been a significant advantage. The operation called for Hipper's battlecruisers to attack the convoy and its escorts on 23 April while the battleships of the High Seas Fleet stood by in support	support	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
The ship was mined and sunk in January 1918 during the Battle of Imbros in which Yavuz Sultan Selim was also mined and badly damaged. The majority of her crew were killed in the sinking. Strassburg spent the first year of her service overseas, after which she	she	PRON	was	AUX	 was
It just won't continue in its prior configuration. He's not retiring. " In August 2011, Hollywood Records scheduled the release of the Shallow Bay: The Best of Breaking Benjamin compilation album, featuring every single from the band's catalog, including the remix	remix	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
Many Zouaves went off to war wearing the fire badge of their respective fire company. Contrary to modern art prints, the Fire Zouaves did not go off to war wearing fireman's belts or paint mottos on their fezzes. The second uniform was issued when the first	first	ADJ	,	PUNCT	,
Pete is unhappy for a time but begins a relationship with Jo Ellison, a friend of Rachel's. The relationship goes well until Jo has to return to Australia after her visa expires. Pete follows her and declares his love and they get married in Episode 8	8	NUM	.	PUNCT	.
In 1884, Wyatt and his wife Josie, his brothers Warren and James, and James ' wife Bessie arrived in Eagle City, Idaho, another new boomtown that was created as a result of the discovery of gold, silver, and lead in the Coeur d'Alene	d'Alene	PROPN	area	NOUN	 area
On the second of the three nights, Richard Patrick was briefly reunited with the band and contributed guitar to a performance of " Head Like a Hole ". After the Self Destruct tour, Chris Vrenna, member of the live band since 1988 and frequent contributor to	to	ADP	Nine	NUM	 Nine
At the emergency room, House suspects Jeff's extreme niceness and inability to get angry is a major symptom of an underlying condition. After various tests, the team suspects his niceness is a personality change resulting from syphilis. Kutner (Kal Penn) asks the couple	couple	NOUN	if	SCONJ	 if
Aivazovsky's first statue in his ancestral homeland was unveiled in Yerevan in 2003. Aivazovsky's first and only statue in Russia was erected in 2007 in Kronstadt, near Saint Petersburg. An avenue in Feodosia (uk), streets in Moscow (ru), Yerevan	Yerevan	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
Lynch credits her being cast in the Harry Potter films to the obsession she had with the Harry Potter book series. At age 11, during the release of the fifth book in 2003, she was hospitalized and her family consulted with the book's publisher and the	the	DET	hospital	NOUN	 hospital
Within three days all the drums were recorded, which contributed to the raw, live sound on the album that the band considers integral to its musical direction. By November 11, 1998, the recording of the album seemed complete and the band returned to Des Moines	Moines	PROPN	.	PUNCT	.
While Li Mi was able to escape with some 10,000 of his men, many of the rest surrendered to Wang. According to one account, Wang's victory was secured by a stratagem: one of his soldiers, who greatly resembled Li Mi, was bound and	and	CCONJ	displayed	VERB	 displayed
The British steam freighter SS Vulcain was torpedoed and sunk on 24 May. Six days later, on 29 May, the British steam freighter SS Tabaristan was another victim. The following day the destruction continued, the British steam freighter SS Empire Protector was sent to the	the	DET	bottom	NOUN	 bottom
Rhodes scored 731 runs in first class matches, averaging 34.80, and took 31 wickets at 21.35, which led Wisden to comment on his value as an all rounder. In the second Test Rhodes took one wicket, his 100th in Test matches, and completed the	the	DET	double	ADJ	 double
Biddle himself later called the sedition case " a dreary farce ". At the time The Washington Post reported that before the war Townsend had accepted money from an individual connected to German agents in in return for circulating anti British pamphlets. Despite all this Townsend still insisted	insisted	VERB	that	SCONJ	 that
Retrospective reviews have been favourable. Q magazine called the album a " misunderstood masterpiece " while Mojo said it was " one of the most extraordinary albums of its era ". Singer songwriter Fish is a fan of the album, particularly of " A Plague of Lighthouse	Lighthouse	PROPN	Keepers	PROPN	 Keepers
One World Trade Center is the second tallest freestanding structure in the Western Hemisphere, as the CN Tower in Toronto exceeds One World Trade Center's pinnacle height by approximately 12 m (39.4 ft). The Chicago Spire, with a planned height of 2,000 feet (	(	PUNCT	610	NUM	610
When NY 43 was first assigned in the 1920s, it began near the village of Schoharie and ended in downtown Albany. Initially, the portion of modern NY 43 east of Averill Park was designated as part of New York State Route 7 in 1924. It was	was	AUX	renumbered	ADJ	 renumbered
Before the shuffle format was implemented in 2010, the main game had the contestant and host sit in chairs in the center of the stage, known as " Hot Seats "; these measured 3 feet (0.91 m) high, were modeled after chairs typically found	found	VERB	in	ADP	 in
Two videos were produced for " Misery ". A lyric video for the track was released on March 10, 2016 on Stefani's official YouTube account. The video displays handwritten lyrics by Stefani on graph paper, note cards, and post it notes; it also	also	ADV	features	VERB	 features
Residents elect an eight member city council composed of representatives of the city's seven wards and a council president. The council, in turn, appoints a city clerk. The council traditionally meets every first and third Wednesday of the month. City council meetings are generally	generally	ADV	held	VERB	 held
By 1992, sales of the BK Broiler had slowed to half of what they were at the height of it introduction. The company reformulated the BK Broiler in 1998 into a larger, more male oriented sandwich served on a Whopper bun, increasing its patty size while	while	SCONJ	changing	VERB	 changing
Nevertheless, construction continued throughout the mid 1990s, and the expressway opened on October 15, 1997, just over a decade before the controversial Red Hill Valley Parkway, which opened on November 17, 2007. The speed limit along the parkway is 90 kilometres per hour	hour	NOUN	(	PUNCT	 (
Morris concluded that " What is surprising is that he was not successful in producing many surgeons in his own mould, despite the intellectual talent that was entering surgery and especially transplantation in the 1960s. However, his influence in transplantation at all levels was enormous. "	"	PUNCT	Woodruff	PROPN	 Woodruff
MacArthur's response was " Bunk! ". He felt that even Willoughby's estimate was too high. " Audacity, calculated risk, and a clear strategic aim were MacArthur's attributes ", and he disregarded the estimates. In fact, they were too low	low	ADJ	;	PUNCT	;
Moore is an atheist; when asked on Inside the Actors Studio what God might say to her upon arrival at heaven, she gave God's response as, " Well I guess you were wrong, I do exist. " Moore said she finds little value in	in	ADP	the	DET	 the
Many of the buildings, ships and missiles have the same names and functions as those in K240 and in both games there are six alien races competing against the player. The soundtrack for the game was composed by Patrick Phelan who also composed the soundtrack for K240.	.	PUNCT	The	DET	 The
The site of the 13th century Caerphilly Castle in Wales covers over 30 acres (12 ha) and the water defences, created by flooding the valley to the south of the castle, are some of the largest in Western Europe. Battlements were most often found surmounting	surmounting	VERB	curtain	NOUN	 curtain
A second soundtrack album containing additional music from To Heart 2 Another Days, titled To Heart 2 Secret Sound Track, was bundled with the limited edition release on February 29, 2008. A maxi single, titled " Cosmos no Yō ni " (コスモスのように, Kosumosu	Kosumosu	PROPN	no	PROPN	 no
Blame one of hip hop's most beautiful moments for the prison that traps Nasir Jones today – blame Illmatic. " Nas, however, made something of a comeback with his fifth album Stillmatic (2001) and the acclaimed follow up God's Son (2002)	)	PUNCT	,	PUNCT	,
In 1923, it was renamed to Gan Eng Seng School (GESS) in his honour. Gan Eng Seng School is unique among the schools in Singapore being the only one initiated, established and maintained by a local citizen with a gift of freehold property, buildings	buildings	NOUN	and	CCONJ	 and
Accompanied by a $19 million marketing campaign, the DVD sold about 3 million units in its first month, but it was less than the number of copies, sold in that amount of time, by any other Platinum Edition released before it. The film's	's	PART	soundtrack	NOUN	 soundtrack
Bret formed along the southwestern periphery of a weather front north of the Bahamas on July 17. At first, the storm moved little and gradually strengthened in response to favorable upper level conditions, reaching peak sustained winds of 70 mph (110 km / h).	.	PUNCT	Steering	VERB	 Steering
Ellis had 87 tackles during the season (18 for loss) to lead the team in both categories. Another defender, linebacker Kivuusama Mays, was a third team All American. Simmons in particular felt confident enough to guarantee prior to the game that the Tar Heels	Heels	PROPN	would	AUX	 would
At fifteen years old, Copeland won first place in the Los Angeles Music Center Spotlight Awards at the Chandler Pavilion in March 1998. Copeland said it was the first time she ever battled nervousness. The winners received scholarships between $500 and $2500. Copeland's	's	PART	victory	NOUN	 victory
On January 7, 1861, the Indianapolis Zouaves volunteered for service if Indiana's governor, Oliver P. Morton, requested it, but they were not needed until spring. On February 11, 1861, president elect Abraham Lincoln arrived in Indianapolis, one of several train	train	NOUN	stops	NOUN	 stops
The congregation was made up of various theatrical colleagues; J. Pitt Hardacre was his best man, and composer Leslie Stuart was the organist. Robey and Ethel resided briefly in Circus Road, St John's Wood, until the birth of their first child Edward in 1900	1900	NUM	.	PUNCT	.
There are two teams out there. One is playing cricket and the other is not. " The comment was leaked to the media and caused an uproar, after a teammate suffered a fractured skull, the Australian Board formally complained to English administrators about whether bodyline was	was	AUX	sporting	VERB	 sporting
Referring to Biblical stories which they had learned from Protestant missionaries, he compared them to " the children of Israel whom the Lord saved from their enemy and led into the Promised Land. " He also claimed it was " for the good of mankind and to end	end	VERB	all	DET	 all
When Hasan was commissioned by Sultan Murad IV to help suppress the long running rebellion of Fakhr ad Din II (1623 1635), Hasan's Bedouin units often proved effective in battle. During this period, Hasan Pasha gained the additional governorship of Tripoli, although he	he	PRON	was	AUX	 was
On November 11, 2008, Higgins recorded his first NHL hat trick in a 4 – 0 win over the Ottawa Senators. However, his points total decreased in his fourth NHL campaign with 23 points over 57 games. Coming off what was the lowest statistical season	season	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
The song's official remix was also featured on the Beach House EP. It featured new guest appearances by Trey Songz, French Montana and DJ Mustard. On January 13, 2014, the remix premiered via SoundCloud and on the following day, it was released to	to	ADP	iTunes	PROPN	 iTunes
He was able to make it back into the city, but his wounds were mortal and he died early the next morning. He was buried in a shell crater left in the floor of the Ursuline chapel by a British shell. The battle resulted in similar numbers	numbers	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
Further illustrating the city's musical ties is the typeface, with letters resembling musical notes and treble clefs, used to display the team name. A minor league ice hockey team also owned by Schmittou from 1981 to 1983, the Nashville South Stars, used a nearly	nearly	ADV	identical	ADJ	 identical
During the game, Virginia Tech fell behind 17 – 0 in the first quarter, but rallied to take a 21 – 20 lead early in the third quarter. The two teams traded the lead, alternating scoring drives until Boise State scored a touchdown with 1:	:	SYM	06	NUM	 06
The Waste Recycling Group is a company working in partnership with the Hull City and East Riding of Yorkshire councils to deal with waste. The company has plans to build an energy from waste plant at Saltend to deal with 240,000 tonnes (240,000 long tons; 260,000 short	short	ADJ	tons	NOUN	 tons
Jean Marie Defrance married the daughter of the richest jeweler in Paris, by the name Foncier. Defrance was stationed in Saint Domingue during the first Haitian revolt and served in the volunteers Cape Dragoons. On his return to France in 1792, he was commissioned as a	a	DET	second	ADJ	 second
The film made Nagarjuna a superstar in Telugu cinema; it changed his career, and earned him a reputation for encouraging new directors. Nagarjuna considered Siva a milestone in his personal life as well since he and Amala, who were in a relationship during the film's	's	PART	shoot	NOUN	 shoot
She and her first husband, Keller Breland (1915 – 1965), studied at the University of Minnesota under behaviorist B. F. Skinner and became " the first applied animal psychologists. " Born to Christian and Harriet (Prime) Kruse, Marian Ruth Kruse grew up	up	ADP	in	ADP	 in
In September 1958, he rejected the opportunity to sign for hometown club Middlesbrough – had he joined the club then he would have played alongside captain Brian Clough and goalkeeper Peter Taylor. Revie returned to the First Division when he joined Leeds United in November 1958 for a	a	DET	£	SYM	 £
Revd. Manohar Chandra Prasad criticised the government for " soft pedaling " and believed that the extension was an indication of the government's " step motherly " attitude toward Christians. The official report of Justice B. K. Somasekhara, initiated by Yeddyurappa's BJP led state government	government	NOUN	was	AUX	 was
He wanted no misunderstandings about my assignment. " Bob, " he said, " I want you to take Buna, or not come back alive. " He paused a moment, and then, without looking at Byers, pointed a finger. " And that	that	PRON	goes	VERB	 goes
The strength of the stereotype threat that occurs depends on how the task is framed. If a task is framed to be neutral, stereotype threat is not likely to occur; however, if tasks are framed in terms of active stereotypes, participants are likely to perform	perform	VERB	worse	ADJ	 worse
He scored three further fifties for Middlesex and once took five wickets in an innings, but bowled comparatively rarely, only once bowling more than 13 overs in an innings. In all first class matches in the season, Bosanquet scored 1,026 runs at 34.20 and took 50	50	NUM	wickets	NOUN	 wickets
Although Roper expected Apollo to " return in smaller form ", the company closed in 1983 after reorganization attempts failed. The reviewer for Arcade Express magazine was positive about Space Cavern. The review praised the graphics of the player's death, while criticizing the design of	of	ADP	the	DET	 the
Now he concluded a secret treaty with Ferdinand I of Hungary, but soon had to seek refugee in Transylvania when Suleiman I led an army against him. This was the first occasion when a prince, Stephen V Lăcustă (1538 – 1540) was appointed by the	the	DET	sultan	NOUN	 sultan
At the time, North Vietnam vigorously denied ever sending troops or equipment into South Vietnam. In reality, both sides violated the 1954 Geneva Accords by covertly infiltrating the other's borders to carry out hostile military activity. Meanwhile, South Vietnam's government had imposed media	media	NOUN	censorship	NOUN	 censorship
He holds several Northwestern all time records, including single season and career scoring. He was selected as an honorable mention Associated Press 2012 NCAA Men's Basketball All American. He won the State Farm College 3 Point Championship three point shooting contest at the 2012 Final Four	Four	PROPN	.	PUNCT	.
However, Ariffien left Star owing to dissatisfaction over Tjioeng Wanara. Star continued expanding, and Jo brought aboard Chinese director Wu Tsun, whose first film for the company was Lintah Darat. It had begun production before the release of Tjioeng Wanara and dealt with a family	family	NOUN	torn	VERB	 torn
In 1991, a concert of female led bands at the International Pop Underground Convention in Olympia, Washington, heralded the emerging riot grrrl phenomenon. Billed as " Love Rock Revolution Girl Style Now ", the concert's lineup included Bikini Kill, Bratmobile, Heavens to	to	ADP	Betsy	PROPN	 Betsy
He finished the tournament with 17 point and 25 point performances against # 2 seeded Kansas and # 3 seeded Notre Dame, respectively. VanVleet was named an All MVC first team selection following the regular season. He was also recognized by the Associated Press as an honorable	honorable	ADJ	mention	NOUN	 mention
The Twittys disputed Renfo's accounts, Beth describing Renfro as " a witch ". On April 19, 2009, Lifetime Movie Network aired Natalee Holloway, a television film based on Beth Holloway's book Loving Natalee. Starring Tracy Pollan as Beth Holloway Twitty, Grant	Grant	PROPN	Show	PROPN	 Show
Although nearly the entire DuMont film archive was destroyed, several surviving DuMont shows have been released on DVD. A large number of episodes of Life Is Worth Living have been saved, and they are now aired weekly on Catholic oriented cable network, the Eternal Word Television	Television	PROPN	Network	PROPN	 Network
After completing the game, the player can return to any day in the story and play those events again, keeping the characters ' current statistics and inventory. " Secret Reports ", written segments that reveal background elements of the story, can be unlocked through this	this	DET	mode	NOUN	 mode
World is trapped on an apple and the gang leaves it at a desert; but latches on a horse, truly the guise of Mac and the gang rides by, and World is able to move once more. It gallops off to the castle, where the	the	DET	gang	NOUN	 gang
Completing the primary objectives within a time limit successfully completes a mission; failure to do so ends the game. If the player fails a mission several times in a row, the game offers an option to skip to the next stage. Players control the Delta Saber	Saber	PROPN	from	ADP	 from
Originating from a monsoon trough on July 21, Judy began as a tropical depression west of the Northern Mariana Islands. Tracking west northwest, the system gradually intensified into a tropical storm and was given the name Judy on July 23. By this time, the storm	storm	NOUN	had	AUX	 had
The stage included five climbs, the most significant of which was the partial climb of Mont Ventoux. This was a first category climb, taking the riders 9.5 kilometres (5.9 mi) at an average gradient of 9.3%. Rather than riding all the way to	to	ADP	the	DET	 the
Previous episodes of the show where the Simpsons visit other countries have been controversial. For example, the Simpsons visited Australia in " Bart vs. Australia " (season six, 1995) and Brazil in " Blame It on Lisa " (season 13, 2002) and	and	CCONJ	both	DET	 both
He proposed further that the " measure of capacity " (base unit of volume) should be defined as a cubic standard and that the " measure of weight " (base unit of weight [mass]) should be the weight of a cubic standard of rainwater	rainwater	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
Some sequences result in an equilibrium between the two conformers, while others strongly prefer a single conformer. In particular, junctions containing the sequence A CC bridging the junction point appear to strongly prefer the conformer that allows a hydrogen bond to form between the second cytosine and	and	CCONJ	one	NUM	 one
The Volt has received awards from multiple organizations: U.S. organizations 2009 Green Car Vision Award by the Green Car Journal at the Washington Auto Show for " a bold and far reaching approach that promises to bring an exceptionally fuel efficient model to consumers at reasonable cost. "	"	PUNCT	2011	NUM	 2011
During the next few days, the extratropical remnants of Hurricane Danielle moved across the northern Atlantic Ocean, and were forecast to move into the area of Greenland and Iceland over the next five days. However, on September 3, Danielle's remnants dissipated after 72 hours	hours	NOUN	in	ADP	 in
The Associated Press described it as " cocky but alluring ". Time Out New York's reviewer disliked the fact that " Sing Like Me " and " Crawl " were placed adjacently on Graffiti, but called both tunes " otherwise strong songs ". The Boston Globe	Globe	PROPN	's	PART	's
After passing southwest of Socorro Island, Lily weakened, becoming a storm on September 20. Lily weakened into a depression on September 21, turned to the west southwest, and dissipated. Its remnants remained visible until September 24, when they were no longer distinct via	via	ADP	weather	NOUN	 weather
Due to the lack of large torpedo boats, the Flanders Flotilla had not sortied against the Dover Patrol in several months and as a result British defences were quite lax in the area. With his newly acquired flotillas, the Flanders Flotilla′ s commander — Ludwig von Schroeder	Schroeder	PROPN	—	PUNCT	 —
" According to Crowley's later statements, on 8 April he heard a disembodied voice that claimed to be that of Aiwass, the messenger of Horus, or Hoor Paar Kraat. Crowley said that he wrote down everything the voice told him over the course of the	the	DET	next	ADJ	 next
The ship's main battery consisted of four 12 inch (305 mm) guns mounted in two twin gun turrets, one forward and one aft. The secondary battery consisted of fourteen 6 inch (152 mm) quick firing guns, mounted in casemates on the sides	sides	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
During an interview, Beyoncé further spoke about her decision to release the song as the first single from the album, saying, " it was soulful and had a lot of horns, it just felt good, and it didn '  t sound like everything on	on	ADP	the	DET	 the
" Bardon has revealed that both he and Brown were sceptical about their characters marrying. In an interview with American fan based newspaper, Walford Gazette, he commented, " No way did the pair of us want to get married because we thought if we got married	married	VERB	,	PUNCT	,
People from Norway started hunting whales around 4,000 years ago, and people from Japan began hunting whales in the Pacific at least as early as that. Whales are typically hunted for their meat and blubber by aboriginal groups; they used baleen for baskets or roofing, and	and	CCONJ	made	VERB	 made
Gauguin's figure seems to invoke the Polynesian goddess Hina, depicted by Morice as a Diana like deity clutching a wolf cub, " monstrous and majestic, drunk with pride, rage and sorrow ". He titled an 1894 self portrait in plaster as Oviri. The	The	DET	original	NOUN	 original
As of 2010, 88.4% (337,658) of Cleveland residents age 5 and older spoke English at home as a primary language, while 7.1% (27,262) spoke Spanish, 0.6% (2,200) Arabic, and 0.5% (1,960) Chinese. In	In	ADP	addition	NOUN	 addition
Barry Walters for the San Francisco Chronicle praised the film for showing gay characters that have an active sex life. The sex scenes, described as explicit and steamy, were admired for being tasteful, discreet and realistic. Warn called them " some of the best lesbian	lesbian	ADJ	sex	NOUN	 sex
Relations worsened in 1870, however, as an army expedition committed a massacre against the Blackfeet. Relations with the Sioux also became contentious as a result of white encroachment into the Black Hills, in violation of the Treaty of Fort Laramie. Still, war was averted	averted	VERB	,	PUNCT	,
It also ranked sixth on the Village Voice's Pazz & Jop poll, and 20th on Spin's list. The commercial performance of Foo Fighters was also successful. In the United States, it debuted at the Billboard 200 on number twenty three, with first week	week	NOUN	sales	NOUN	 sales
Half Life: Source is a straight port, lacking any new content or the Blue Shift High Definition pack. However, it does take advantage of vertex and pixel shaders for more realistic water effects, as well as Half Life 2's realistic physics engine. They	They	PRON	also	ADV	 also
As a noble gas, it does not interfere with the chemical reactions occurring in the operating lamp. The low thermal conductivity minimizes thermal losses in the lamp while in the operating state, and the low ionization potential causes the breakdown voltage of the gas to be relatively	relatively	ADV	low	ADJ	 low
When a song is complete, the player is ranked based on their performance with the other tracked players, and awarded experience points, Coins, and other bonuses. Experience points are used to raise the player's rank in the GHTV metagame, allowing them to unlock	unlock	VERB	player	NOUN	 player
The system consists of an F type main sequence star (designated υ Andromedae A, also named Titawin) and a smaller red dwarf (υ Andromedae B). As of 2010, four extrasolar planets (designated Upsilon Andromedae b, c, d and e;	;	PUNCT	the	DET	 the
Bradman assured Lindwall that he was an automatic selection for the Tests even if he did not take a wicket in the lead in tour matches, telling him that being passed by the umpires was the first priority. Bradman recalled how Ernie McCormick had been no balled 35	35	NUM	times	NOUN	 times
The Arrow also has the capability to simultaneously intercept a salvo of more than five incoming missiles, with the target missiles arriving within a 30 second span. Such capability is currently possessed only by the United States and Russia. According to Raviv, the Arrow can discriminate	discriminate	VERB	between	ADP	 between
He combined these different traditions with his own inner experience in a synthesis that was new in Byzantine mysticism. Symeon often taught that all followers of Christ could have the direct experience of God, or theoria, just as the early church fathers experienced and taught. In	In	ADP	that	DET	 that
On the opposite side of the river, NY 96 intersects Front Street. The configuration of NY 96 between Front Street and East Main Street is unorthodox in that NY 96 splits at Front Street to follow a one way couplet around the Tioga County Courthouse to Main Street	Street	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
Chase was impressed with Seward, writing that the former New York governor " was one of the very first public men in our country. Who but himself would have done what he did for the poor wretch Freeman? " The main Whig contenders in 1848 were Clay	Clay	PROPN	again	ADV	 again
Henry supported the primacy of Canterbury, to ensure that England remained under a single ecclesiastical administration, but the Pope preferred the case of York. The matter was complicated by Henry's personal friendship with Thurstan, the Archbishop of York, and the King's desire that	that	SCONJ	the	DET	 the
An accurate accusation of being an alcoholic was an effective way to discredit political rivals. Prominent Roman alcoholics included Mark Antony, and Cicero's own son Marcus (Cicero Minor). Even Cato the Younger was known to be a heavy drinker. Following various military conquests	conquests	NOUN	in	ADP	 in
Using Mendeleev's nomenclature for unnamed and undiscovered elements, meitnerium should be known as eka iridium. In 1979, during the Transfermium Wars (but before the synthesis of meitnerium), IUPAC published recommendations according to which the element was to be called unnilennium (with the	the	DET	corresponding	ADJ	 corresponding
In the book, the authors recount their experiences, including motivations and challenges, on restricting their diet, for one year, to include only foods grown within 100 miles of their residence. Beginning in March 2005, with little preparation the urban couple began only purchasing	purchasing	VERB	foods	NOUN	 foods
Sarah was famous for telling the Queen exactly what she thought, and did not offer her flattery. Anne and Sarah had invented petnames for themselves during their youths which they continued to use after Anne became queen: Mrs Freeman (Sarah) and Mrs Morley (Anne	Anne	PROPN	)	PUNCT	)
On 17 March 1924 he suffered a stroke and on 29 March he died at his home in London, survived by his wife and children. He was cremated at Golders Green Crematorium on 2 April and his ashes were buried in Westminster Abbey the following day. The	The	DET	orchestra	NOUN	 orchestra
He graduated fifth in his class at the United States Military Academy at West Point in 1929 and was commissioned as a second lieutenant in the United States Army Corps of Engineers. In 1929, Nichols went to Nicaragua as part of an expedition led by Lieutenant Colonel Daniel	Daniel	PROPN	I.	PROPN	 I.
Beamer had never defeated Bowden in a game. Before the game, Beamer was named the ACC's 2005 Coach of the Year for the second consecutive year. In addition, the game was a rematch of the 2000 BCS National Championship Game. In that game,	,	PUNCT	held	VERB	 held
Malcolm, the oldest of the brothers involved in wrestling, used the name Mel Turnbow while working as a referee. The brothers often competed together in various promotions; in the Eastern Sports Association (ESA), which Jean Louis (Rudy) owned, they scripted	scripted	VERB	the	DET	 the
Because the term " fish " is defined negatively, and excludes the tetrapods (i.e., the amphibians, reptiles, birds, and mammals) which descend from within the same ancestry, it is paraphyletic, and is not considered a proper grouping in systematic biology.	.	PUNCT	The	DET	 The
The convection in the interior parts of Callisto may be layered, because under the high pressures found there, water ice exists in different crystalline phases beginning from the ice I on the surface to ice VII in the center. The early onset of subsolidus convection in the	the	DET	Callistoan	PROPN	 Callistoan
After her sea trials were complete, West Honaker sailed to Savannah, Georgia, where she began carrying cotton from that port to Bremen. In January 1927, the USSB established the Atlantic Australian Line, an all diesel New York – Australia service, and assigned West	West	PROPN	Honaker	PROPN	 Honaker
The three cent silver exists only as a close 3. Of coins struck for circulation, Yeoman's highest listings are for the 1868, at $11,000 in near pristine MS 66 condition. Yeoman lists all three cent pieces before 1863 at $27 in worn G	G	PROPN	4	NUM	 4
The city of Fairbanks, Alaska saw high water levels, while the towns of Nenana, Salcha, and Old Minto received heavy damage. The Salcha River and Tanana River reached their second highest levels since record keeping began (the highest was during the 1967 Tanana Valley	Valley	PROPN	Flood	PROPN	 Flood
The show remained focused on developing Miss Rosa's cancer storyline and her illness progressed to terminal stages. She was used to close the second season finale where she is told she has weeks to live, escapes prison and murders Vee. Critical reception of the character has	has	AUX	generally	ADV	 generally
Promoters like Lord Silvers and Mighty Dragon, however, kept the popular tradition alive through shows at the Globe Theatre, featuring pioneers Mighty Romeo, Sir Don Marshall, Lord Radio and the Bimshire Boys and Mike Wilkinson. These performers set the stage for the development of	of	ADP	popular	ADJ	 popular
Watino is an unincorporated area within Birch Hills County and the traffic volume declines to between 800 and 900 vpd. Bad Heart River is a tributary of the Peace River and flows through Watino. Donnelly is near the junction of Highway 49 and Highway 2 and is also	also	ADV	west	ADJ	 west
It is a ballad that incorporates elements of blues, gospel and opera. Jackson had a long standing history of releasing socially conscious material such as " We Are the World ", " Man in the Mirror " and " Heal the World ". However, "	"	PUNCT	Earth	PROPN	 Earth
The variant was mostly used as a trainer and at least twenty four production variants were produced before production ceased. The P 5 was fitted with meteorological equipment, and was used in Luftwaffe weather units. Many of the He 111 Ps served during the Polish Campaign.	.	PUNCT	With	ADP	 With
There is not much poetry in the world like this; Tolkien finishes by arguing that Beowulf " has its own individual character, and peculiar solemnity; " and would still be powerful even if it came from some unknown time and place; but that in fact its	its	PRON	language	NOUN	 language
The injury required him to miss four league matches, as well as a Coupe de France match. In April 2007, Ribéry finished the league season by scoring in back to back weeks against Sochaux in a 4 – 2 win and Monaco in another victory. In	In	ADP	the	DET	 the
" Animal ethics and the political ". Critical Review of International Social and Political Philosophy. doi: 10.1080 / 13698230.2016.1194583. CS1 maint: Multiple names: authors list (link) Cochrane, Alasdair (2016). " Prison on appeal: The idea of communicative	communicative	ADJ	incarceration	NOUN	 incarceration
The station is located along Zuchongzhi Road and is located between the Tangzhen station and the Jinke Road station on Line 2. The station is located at an intersection of Zuchongzhi Road and Guanglan Road, and has four exits. The station was opened on February 24,	,	PUNCT	2010	NUM	 2010
According to one campus legend taught to students during freshman orientation, the statue was originally to be positioned with Will Rogers facing due west, so it would appear he was riding into the sunset. However, that position would cause Soapsuds ' posterior end to face due	due	ADJ	east	NOUN	 east
Lisberger also stated that while the original Tron " reflected the way cyberspace was ", the sequel was " going to be like a modern day, like contemporary plus, in terms of how much resolution, the texturing, the feel, the style ", adding	adding	VERB	that	SCONJ	 that
During its run, fans noticed this and called the show out for the error; in later episodes she is depicted with gloves on for all of her scientific work. The first season of the show concluded after 24 five- to eight minute episodes on October 31,	,	PUNCT	2014	NUM	 2014
The ship spent the bulk of her career in the Mediterranean and was assigned to the International Squadron off the island of Crete during the Greco Turkish War of 1897, to protect French interests and citizens. Latouche Tréville spent most of the first decade of the 20th century	century	NOUN	as	ADP	 as
Between 750 and 1,000 Egyptians were killed in the battle for Port Said. The US Eisenhower administration condemned the tripartite invasion, and supported UN resolutions demanding withdrawal and a United Nations Emergency Force (UNEF) to be stationed in Sinai. Nasser commended Eisenhower, stating he	he	PRON	played	VERB	 played
In addition to checkmate, the game can be won by voluntary resignation by the opponent, which typically occurs when too much material is lost, or if checkmate appears unavoidable. A game may also result in a draw in several ways. Chess is believed to have	have	AUX	originated	VERB	 originated
The detonations and clouds of choking black smoke generated when firing them presented a serious physical hazard to the gun crews. The guns were controlled from a Battery Commander's Post situated on the roof, from where commands to the gun detachments could be relayed via voice pipes	pipes	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
Ng Fung Sheung, a social science lecturer of the City University of Hong Kong, explained that Hong Kong people tend to chat loudly in public places. She attributed this phenomenon to the television screens found in many vehicles and trains, which broadcast programmes at high volumes	volumes	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
Jackson, a relief pitcher for the majority of his career, compiled a career earned run average (ERA) of 3.42, allowing 451 earned runs off of 983 hits, 127 home runs, and 464 walks while recording 1,006 strikeouts over 1,005 games pitched. Standing	Standing	VERB	6	NUM	 6
Humphreys also received lots of letters of support from the Hartlepool fans. When Humphreys returned to pre season training for the following season, he was playfully teased over his penalty miss. Humphreys took the motto " that anything that doesn ’ t kill you, makes you	you	PRON	stronger	ADJ	 stronger
While recognized as scriptural, terms such as Church of God are avoided to avoid confusion or identification with other groups that use those designations. As a practical matter, use of a common term is seen as a way to help individual Christians find congregations with a similar	similar	ADJ	approach	NOUN	 approach
There wasn't much pretense, though those glamazon outfits blinded in the best way possible. Instead, there was just good dance music. " Carla Meyer of The Sacramento Bee stated that " Though Spears performed like a pro throughout the show, hitting all her marks	marks	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
If X is any finite simplicial complex with finite fundamental group, in particular if X is a sphere of dimension at least 2, then its homotopy groups are all finitely generated abelian groups. To compute these groups, they are often factored into their p components for	for	ADP	each	DET	 each
In 1922, the Washington Naval Treaty was signed, after which the United States Navy began to take an interest in the islands. However, nothing of significance was to materialize until World War Two. In June 1942, the Imperial Japanese Navy attacked and captured Attu	Attu	PROPN	Island	PROPN	 Island
When Elsa exiles herself from the kingdom after inadvertently sending Arendelle into an eternal winter on the evening of her coronation, fearless and faithful Anna is determined to set out on a dangerous adventure to bring her sister back and save both her kingdom and her family. The	The	DET	original	ADJ	 original
As recalled by Aguilera, " I wrote this song when I was 20, 21, and it was a time in my life when you're being pushed and pulled in so many directions. " " The Voice Within " was released to US contemporary hit and	and	CCONJ	adult	NOUN	 adult
The IDA uses the World Bank's Country Policy and Institutional Assessment (CPIA) development indicator to determine each country's place in a resource allocation index. It then prioritizes its lending to those countries which are indicated to be most promising in terms of favorable policies and	and	CCONJ	aid	NOUN	 aid
" The roof timbers, he commented, were " closely set together, light in section, but producing a good effect. " The Welsh politician and church historian Sir Stephen Glynne visited a couple of years later, in 1849. He described St Mary's as	as	ADP	being	AUX	 being
Each stage contains one main boss at the end; defeating the stage's boss will earn the player a special weapon that can be quickly switched to and used in any remaining levels. Every boss is weak to another's weapon, so the player may strategize the	the	DET	order	NOUN	 order
He began to teach the king basic Hebrew, and gave him an ornate Torah and yad that he had brought with him to Hawaii. He also claimed to have found references to Hawaii in ancient Hebrew texts, a statement that encouraged the king to restore aspects of	of	ADP	Hawaiian	ADJ	 Hawaiian
Macleod had his way, but by that time Home was no longer at the Commonwealth Relations Office. In 1960 the Chancellor of the Exchequer, Derick Heathcoat Amory, insisted on retiring. Macmillan agreed with Heathcoat Amory that the best successor at the Treasury would be the	the	DET	current	ADJ	 current
The episode features cultural references to films such as Dr. Strangelove or: How I Learned to Stop Worrying and Love the Bomb, The Wizard of Oz, Rain Man, and 2001: A Space Odyssey. Since airing, the episode has received mostly positive reviews from	from	ADP	television	NOUN	 television
During the end song, Homer can be seen dancing along but not singing; this was because the producers forgot to record Dan Castellaneta. Many of the scenes were animated by Eric Stefani, a former member of No Doubt, who specialized in animation for musical numbers	numbers	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
Hugh supported the building campaign of Salisbury Cathedral, ordering that money be collected throughout his diocese. Likewise, he ordered similar collections for Daventry Priory, Sulby Abbey and parish churches in his diocese. Not only churches benefited from these sorts of collections, as the bishop	bishop	PROPN	offered	VERB	 offered
Although Hart returned to play in the Paul Bunyan Trophy game against Michigan State on November 3, he left the game early and Minor started the second half. Hart missed the next game on November 10, but Brown and Minor had poor performances. In all three	three	NUM	of	ADP	 of
There are 21,269 households out of which 29.5% have children under the age of 18 living with them, 54.6% were married couples living together, 10.8% had a female householder with no husband present, and 30.7% were non families. 23.7% of all	all	DET	households	NOUN	 households
The sculptor had been awarded the reverse of the quarter only provisionally, and he prepared a series of studies for the reverse to show Woolley when he visited his studio in College Point, New York. At that time, Woolley selected a reverse similar to that eventually	eventually	ADV	coined	VERB	 coined
Below Shoshone Falls, the economy centered on salmon, who often came up the river in enormous numbers. Salmon were the mainstay of the Nez Perce and most of the other tribes below Shoshone Falls. Above the falls, life was significantly different. The Snake River	River	PROPN	Plain	PROPN	 Plain
On November 16, 2009, the paper was abruptly shut down because of the financial status of its parent company, Window Media, and its majority shareholder, Avalon Equity Partners. Employees at the Blade were aware of Window Media's financial troubles, but the timing	timing	NOUN	and	CCONJ	 and
What is involved is starving children and for once, relief through 35 musicians who should represent the feeling of anyone who loves their music. " Dylan's choice of songs, particularly the " apocalyptic " " A Hard Rain's A Gon na Fall ", were	were	AUX	found	VERB	 found
In literature, the battle has played a central role in the 1968 novel Sea Road to Camperdown by Showell Styles, and the 1975 novel The Fireship by C. Northcote Parkinson. The battle also inspired composers, such as Daniel Steibelt, whose composition Britannia: An Allegorical	Allegorical	PROPN	Overture	PROPN	 Overture
There is evidence of widows engaging in independent economic activity. They can be found keeping schools, brewing ale and trading. Some were highly successful, like Janet Flockhart, an Edinburgh wadwife or moneylender, who had been left a widow with seven children after her third	third	ADJ	husband	NOUN	 husband
" The Harrowing " was watched by 833,000 people, which was 4.7% of the audience. This was a recovery from the series low of the previous week's " The Understudy ", but was fewer viewers than any of the first four episodes. The average	average	ADJ	viewing	VERB	 viewing
They allocate MACN RN 975 to the gondwanathere Ferugliotherium and consequently, they argue that Argentodites most likely represents either Ferugliotherium or some related species. In the same year, Guillermo Rougier and colleagues also suggested ferugliotherian affinities of Argentodites in a paper on the mammals of the Allen	Allen	PROPN	Formation	PROPN	 Formation
Brownlee advocated deep cuts in spending to bring them under control, and, when Greenfield demurred, began to cut staff in his own department. He found an ally in Richard Gavin Reid in 1923 when Greenfield, exhausted by his responsibilities, appointed the latter to replace	replace	VERB	him	PRON	 him
Shortly after that, a tropical storm warning east of Progreso was removed. All warnings for Mexico were discontinued at 15: 00 UTC on August 21. When Dolly entered the Bay of Campeche on August 22, a hurricane watch was put into action for Veracruz,	,	PUNCT	La	PROPN	 La
The quality of wine differed considerably according to vintage, the type of grape and more importantly, the number of grape pressings. The first pressing was made into the finest and most expensive wines which were reserved for the upper classes. The second and third pressings were	were	AUX	subsequently	ADV	 subsequently
In this session, the remodelled Glasgow, Dumfries and Carlisle Railway got its authorising Act of Parliament (on 13 August or 16 July), to build from Horsecleugh (near Cumnock, the southern limit of the GPK & AR authorisation) to Gretna Junction, reaching	reaching	VERB	Carlisle	PROPN	 Carlisle
The Watson case depicted in the episode was based on the real life 1988 Baltimore slaying of Latonya Kim Wallace, which is chronicled in Homicide: A Year on the Killing Streets, the 1991 David Simon non fiction book about a Baltimore Police Department, which was adapted	adapted	VERB	into	ADP	 into
Suddenly, in the middle of the 1933 – 34 season, Chapman died of pneumonia. His work was left to Joe Shaw and George Allison, who saw out a hat trick with the 1933 – 34 and 1934 – 35 titles, and then won the 1936	1936	NUM	FA	PROPN	 FA
And my players were there and they came to my rescue to be able to get me up. " Soon the violence escalated, with staff members and players from both teams involved. At around 10: 40 AM, Windsor police received a phone call " that	that	SCONJ	between	ADP	 between
The rule based sandhi behaviour of tones in compounds has not yet been clearly defined by linguists. A double hyphen 〈 -- 〉 is used when POJ is deployed as an orthography (rather than as a transcription system) to indicate that the following syllable should be pronounced	pronounced	VERB	in	ADP	 in
A tropical disturbance was first noted southeast of Puerto Rico on September 24. Moving to the northwest at 10 mph (15 km / h), the area of disturbed weather eventually crossed the island. The Atlantic HURDAT database first lists the system as a tropical depression	depression	NOUN	at	ADP	 at
Wyoming was very busy, training thousands of anti aircraft gunners on weapons ranging from light.50 caliber (12.7 mm) guns to medium caliber 5 inch guns for the rapidly expanding American fleet. Early in the war, the Navy briefly considered converting Wyoming back to her battleship	battleship	NOUN	configuration	NOUN	 configuration
The more constant cross veins are the humeral cross vein (h) between costa and subcosta, the radial cross vein (r) between R and the first fork of Rs, the sectorial cross vein (s) between the two forks of R8, the median	median	PROPN	cross	PROPN	 cross
On June 10, 2016, Sony confirmed that a hardware revision of PlayStation 4, rumored to be codenamed " Neo ", was under development. The new revision is a higher end model that is meant to support gameplay in 4K. The new model will be sold	sold	VERB	alongside	ADP	 alongside
In July 2001, Uncut placed the song at number 43 on its list of " The 50 Greatest Beatles Tracks ". Five year later, Mojo ranked it 85th on the magazine's list of " The 101 Greatest Beatles Songs " (between " You Won't	n't	PART	See	VERB	 See
One drowning death was reported in the state. In Louisiana, extensive coastal flooding occurred, with miles of roads battered or destroyed in Cameron Parish, while several boats along the coast capsized. At Johnson Bayou, fishing camps and homes suffered damage or destruction. Further	Further	ADV	inland	ADV	 inland
The clips highlighted the use of extreme profanities, and scenes that show a violent bashing, a cold blooded murder, and a sexual encounter. The Nine Network defended the timeslot and the M classification, saying the clips, leaked from the Network's production department,	,	PUNCT	were	AUX	 were
The first storm of the 2003 North Indian Ocean cyclone season, it developed over the Bay of Bengal on May 10. Favorable environmental conditions allowed the system to intensify steadily while moving northwestward. The storm reached peak maximum sustained winds of 140 km / h (85	85	NUM	mph	NOUN	 mph
Chase's decision to end the last episode abruptly with just a black screen was controversial. While Chase has insisted that it was not his intention to stir controversy, the ambiguity over the ending and question of whether Tony was murdered has continued for years after the finale	finale	NOUN	's	PART	's
A basidiocarp is formed in which club like structures known as basidia generate haploid basidiospores after karyogamy and meiosis. The most commonly known basidiocarps are mushrooms, but they may also take other forms (see Morphology section). In glomeromycetes (formerly zygomycetes), haploid hyphae	hyphae	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
On 9 March 1909 the first type A was the lead car in the procession at the tramway systems official opening. From 1917, 6 A type trams were used on the isolated Port Adelaide system which closed in 1935. During the last part of 1936, tram	tram	PROPN	100	NUM	 100
In 1883 Andrew Rosewater, brother of newspaper owner Edward Rosewater, became city engineer and began an ambitious project to modernize city streets. By 1886 the city had 44 miles (71 km) of paved streets, including asphaltum, Colorado sandstone, Sioux Falls granite and	and	CCONJ	wooden	ADJ	 wooden
In 1984, Johnson had surgery for a herniated disk, an injury he suffered during training camp, and was known as a potential career ending injury. He missed the first game of the regular season against the St. Louis Cardinals and could not fully recover from the	the	DET	injury	NOUN	 injury
Multiple utility companies serve the county. Electricity is provided by the Harrison Rural Electric Membership Cooperative (REMC) and Duke Energy. Natural gas is provided by the Indiana Utilities Corporation in Corydon and several small distributors provide rural service. Land line telephone service is provided exclusively	exclusively	ADV	by	ADP	 by
For a hundredth episode, average simply isn't good enough. While the shooting of Daniel at the end was stunning, I expected something much more from the rest of the episode than learning the identity of Daniel's parents. " A reviewer for TVoholic.com thought the	the	DET	episode	NOUN	 episode
By 1901, the family had moved to nearby Govanhill, and Jimmy worked as a clerk. It was in Govanhill that Speirs ' football ability was first shown, when he played in the junior football circuit on the black ash pitches of Glasgow, for Annandale,	,	PUNCT	during	ADP	 during
" Chatwin's biographer described the resulting prose as " quick snapshots of ordinary people. " Along with Hemingway and Cartier Bresson, Osip Mandelstam's work strongly influenced Chatwin during the writing of In Patagonia. An admirer of Noël Coward, Chatwin found the breakfast scene in	in	ADP	Private	ADJ	 Private
At a February 1949 conference of officials from local governments in the South West region it was decided to once more pursue the reopening of the coastal route, due to the amount of traffic on the existing Perth – Bunbury road. Over the next year the proposal was	was	AUX	supported	VERB	 supported
The surprising release caused " hilarious, honest and hysterical " reaction among Beyoncé's fans, and " shock " among other musicians. According to data provided by Twitter, the release generated over 1.2 million tweets in 12 hours. Rolling Stone's Rob Sheffield wrote,	,	PUNCT	"	PUNCT	 "
A plan from 1684 shows the hall in the house's centre, with service rooms to the west and the main parlour to the east. On the first floor, the dining room was over the hall, the main bedchamber over the kitchen, and a lady	lady	NOUN	's	PART	's
In December 2014, Paste named his Twitter one of the " The 75 Best Twitter Accounts of 2014 " ranking it at # 7. Colbert received an honorary degree from Wake Forest University as the 2015 commencement speaker. At least four species have been given scientific names	names	NOUN	honoring	VERB	 honoring
In all subsequent reports, both captains continually insisted that the other ship had fired the first shot. Reaching a stalemate, the American and British governments quietly dropped the matter. The United States declared war against Britain on 18 June 1812. Three days later, within	within	ADP	an	DET	 an
In some strips, he tried to sell " great ideas ", and in one earlier strip, he attempted to sell the family car to obtain money for a grenade launcher. The box has also functioned as a secret meeting place for G.R.O.S.S., as the "	"	PUNCT	Box	PROPN	 Box
" One of his godparents was Bishop Jean de Crois. The name the Black Prince chose for his eldest son had been borne by three English kings and had already become a popular name with political implications by the time Edward and his brother, Richard (b. 1367	1367	NUM	)	PUNCT	)
One day you will dance with a man who deserves your love ". In a TV Fanatic round table, Steve Marsi added, " What an emotionally loaded quote from the Eli flashback, followed by the much anticipated present day dance. " He went on to	to	PART	say	VERB	 say
Holst's interest in Indian mythology, shared by many of his contemporaries, first became musically evident in the opera Sita (1901 – 06). During the opera's long gestation, Holst worked on other Indian themed pieces. These included Maya (1901) for	for	ADP	violin	NOUN	 violin
) The convoy was south of the Balearic Islands on course for Cap Bon at daybreak and at about 06: 20, a U boat sighted the convoy. At 08: 15 a Luftwaffe reconnaissance aircraft reported that the convoy was 95 nmi (176 km; 109	109	NUM	mi	ADJ	 mi
Descriptions of the prostitutes and where to find them were provided by Harris's List of Covent Garden Ladies, the " essential guide and accessory for any serious gentleman of pleasure ". In 1830 a market hall was built to provide a more permanent trading centre. In	In	ADP	1913	NUM	 1913
The coin commemorates not only the ship Viribus Unitis, but also the three main arms of the Austro Hungarian Navy in the First World War. The coin was the last of the series " Austria on the High Seas ". There is a cutaway model of Viribus	Viribus	PROPN	Unitis	PROPN	 Unitis
In January 2010, Harvard played against Santa Clara University at the Leavey Center, just 15 miles from his hometown of Palo Alto, California. Playing to a capacity crowd that included droves of Asian Americans wanting to see his homecoming, his teammates told him, "	"	PUNCT	It	PRON	 It
He worked as youth team coach at Bristol Rovers, spent 18 months as academy director at Kidderminster Harriers, before being employed at Norwich City, initially as a scout then as an academy coach. He parted company with the Canaries in July 2015 and soon took up	up	ADP	his	PRON	 his
France 2 and Enderlin issued a writ two days later. The case began in September 2006. Enderlin submitted as evidence a February 2004 letter from Jacques Chirac, then president of France, which spoke of Enderlin's integrity. The court upheld the complaint on 19 October	October	PROPN	2006	NUM	 2006
The season had the latest start in 30 years, with the first depression forming in January. The first storm, Anacelle, was not named until February 8, which retains the record for the latest date of the first named storm. For the early portion of	of	ADP	the	DET	 the
The film has had excellent reviews in general. Perhaps playing off the film's game imagery, Rolling Stone magazine's Peter Travers called Inception a " wildly ingenious chess game, " and concluded " the result is a knockout. " In Variety, Justin Chang praised	praised	VERB	the	DET	 the
According to Capcom, many new features and refinements, such as the addition of a spectator mode and tweaks to X Factor, were the results of fan feedback. At the 2011 Tokyo Game Show, Capcom video game producer, Yoshinori Ono, would later announce that	that	SCONJ	the	DET	 the
In the 1970s, several U.S. high school teachers who assigned the book were fired or forced to resign. A 1979 study of censorship noted that The Catcher in the Rye " had the dubious distinction of being at once the most frequently censored book across the nation and	and	CCONJ	the	DET	 the
Both ships ' measures were too late to avoid a collision; Melbourne hit Voyager at 8: 56 pm. Melbourne struck Voyager just aft of the destroyer's bridge, rolling the destroyer to starboard before cutting her in half. Voyager's forward boiler exploded, briefly	briefly	ADV	setting	VERB	 setting
Fellow aggregate site Metacritic gave the film a score of 61 / 100 based on 23 critic reviews indicating " generally positive reviews ". The film was nominated at the Online Film Critics Society Awards 2003 in the Best Animated Film category, though it lost the award to	to	ADP	Finding	PROPN	 Finding
Although a Marxist, he befriended prominent anarchist activists Stepniak and Peter Kropotkin, and came to be influenced by their anarchist views, to the extent that biographer Fiona MacCarthy described his approach as being " Marxism with visionary libertarianism ". As the leading figure in the League	League	PROPN	Morris	PROPN	 Morris
The final major work of Edward Schroeder Prior, it is one of the last examples of the Neo Byzantine style. The Church of St Nicholas and St Magnus in Moreton is noted for its elaborate engraved glass windows designed by Laurence Whistler. Severely damaged by a stray	stray	ADJ	German	ADJ	 German
5 September marked a turn in the rebels ' fortunes, despite the arrival of the southern fleet a day earlier. All of their land gains were taken by government forces, leaving only the fleet in the mutineers ' hands. By the next day, an air	air	NOUN	strike	NOUN	 strike
Manu hit my hand. It was a lucky bounce. " The Mavericks advanced to the Western Conference Finals, where they again met the Suns. Nowitzki scored 50 points to lead the Mavericks to a victory in the crucial Game 5 with the series tied at 2	2	NUM	;	PUNCT	;
However, the album's first single " Smells Like Teen Spirit " quickly gained momentum, thanks in part to significant airplay of the song's music video on MTV. As it toured Europe during late 1991, the band found that its shows were dangerously oversold,	,	PUNCT	that	SCONJ	 that
They named the character Diana in a homage to the role she played in V. The writers did not know that Badler was living in the county until a chance meeting brought them together. Badler revealed that the guitarist in her band managed to connect her to Neighbours '	'	PART	executive	ADJ	 executive
Nonant served in the household of Thomas Becket while Becket was Archbishop of Canterbury, and went into exile with Becket, although he left Becket's service while the archbishop was in exile. While in Becket's service, Nonant may have authored a letter dated to 1165	1165	NUM	that	PRON	 that
The holotype specimen is a mandibular symphysis, with the specimen number UMZC 577a. Other known remains include upper mandibles, a palatine bone, and tarsometatarsi. The species has since been excavated from the Mare aux Songes swamp on Mauritius, from which subfossils of most of	of	ADP	the	DET	 the
In 1948, Breathitt earned a Bachelor of Arts degree in business administration. On December 20, 1948, he married Frances Holleman of Mayfield, Kentucky. The couple had four children: Mary Fran, Linda, Susan, and Edward III. In 1950, Breathitt	Breathitt	PROPN	earned	VERB	 earned
Dulli's lyrics incorporate haunting refrains and express angst and melodrama. His baritone vocals are moaningly husky and feature falsetto wails. Daniel Fidler of Spin compares Dulli's vocals on the album to those of " a young Paul Westerberg in heat. " David Sprague of the	the	DET	Trouser	PROPN	 Trouser
Previously, a Bypass US 131 (BYP US 131) designation was used on the beltline system following 28th Street and East Beltline Avenue. After the change, the former mainline through downtown on Division Street and Plainfield Avenue was redesignated Bus. US 131, and the	the	DET	mainline	NOUN	 mainline
Back in Florence, Cosimo III had the Tuscan envoy report on Marguerite Louise's every movement, which he closely scrutinised. If he deemed a particular action of hers to be offensive, he wrote to Louis XIV, demanding an explanation. Initially sympathetic with Cosimo,	,	PUNCT	Louis	PROPN	 Louis
Another example she gave of this is how the antagonist Tigerstar, even with all of his faults, is still courageous and fiercely loyal. Similarly, Holmes has also connected the theme to Brambleclaw and how nobody knew whether he was good or evil. A third major	major	ADJ	theme	NOUN	 theme
To create the sounds he sought, Adams augmented the orchestra with a large saxophone section, additional percussion, and electronic synthesizer. Although sometimes described as " minimalist ", the score displays a variety of musical styles, embracing minimalism after the manner of Philip Glass alongside	alongside	ADP	passages	NOUN	 passages
The atmosphere has a mass of 4.8 × 1020 kg, about 93 times the mass of the Earth's total atmosphere. The density of the air at the surface is 67 kg / m3, which is 6.5% that of liquid water on Earth. The pressure	pressure	NOUN	found	VERB	 found
Watson consistently outperformed its human opponents on the game's signaling device, but had trouble in a few categories, notably those having short clues containing only a few words. In February 2013, IBM announced that Watson software system's first commercial application would be for utilization	utilization	NOUN	management	NOUN	 management
All modern Sussex Spaniels are descended from the dogs she saved. In 1947, only ten Sussex Spaniels were registered in the English Kennel Club. In 2004 the breed was identified as a vulnerable native breed by Kennel Club of Great Britain which are described as having annual	annual	ADJ	registration	NOUN	 registration
It was formally named the Metropolitan Police Office, but became quickly known as Great Scotland Yard, and eventually Scotland Yard. The buildings were damaged in a series of bombings by Irish Nationalists in 1883, and an explosion from a Fenian terrorist attack on 30 May 1884	1884	NUM	blew	VERB	 blew
The EFF advert had also highlighted police brutality, using interviews and photographs related to the Marikana massacre and the same photograph of the March 2014 Bekkersdal protest that ICASA ordered removed from the DA advert. Nine days before the election, a Parliamentary committee set up to consider	consider	VERB	Zuma	PROPN	 Zuma
Australia won the toss and batted first in the Second Test at Lord's. They were on the back foot at 7 / 258 at stumps on the first day. On the second morning, the Australian lower order counter attacked; Toshack joined Johnston with the score	score	NOUN	at	ADP	 at
Sagan had come second in E3 Harelbeke and first in Gent – Wevelgem. He had the advantage of being able to follow attacks and also to wait to use his strong sprint if he came to the finish with other riders. Other riders with a chance of victory	victory	NOUN	included	VERB	 included
The second operation, called scalar multiplication takes any scalar a and any vector v and gives another vector av. In this article, vectors are distinguished from scalars by boldface. In the two examples above, the field is the field of the real numbers and the	the	DET	set	NOUN	 set
The Lawton branch of the Young Men's Christian Association (YMCA) offers a wide variety of recreational programs to members, and the Lawton Country Club maintains an 18 hole, par 71 golf course. Recreation can also be found in many amateur leagues, including:	:	PUNCT	adult	NOUN	 adult
On the day's first climb, Bouhanni lost several minutes due to his stomach illness; after 90 kilometres (56 mi) he was over seven minutes behind the peloton and was forced to retire from the race. Howes and Duyn attacked the breakaway and had a	a	DET	31	NUM	 31
On 24 June 1875 he and four friends rowed down the Danube before camping for the night at the site of the ancient Roman fortification of Carnuntum to commemorate the 1500th anniversary of the Battle of Carnuntum, in which Germanic tribes defeated the Roman Army. List later claimed	claimed	VERB	that	SCONJ	 that
He became the third pitcher in 20 years to throw at least four scoreless innings of relief in a postseason game. He pitched another scoreless inning in Game 4, and through the first two rounds of the postseason his playoff record was 8.2 innings pitched with nine strikeouts	strikeouts	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
They were scheduled to defend the titles against Harlem Heat in the MGM Grand Garden Arena on October 24, 1999 at Halloween Havoc, but on the night of the event Mysterio was announced as being injured. The title was then contested in a three way tag match	match	NOUN	pitting	VERB	 pitting
Two years later Grant signed a modified Senate version of the Arnell Bill into law. The law required that all federal female clerks would be paid the fully compensated salary, however, lower tiered female clerks were exempted. The law increased women's clerk salaries from 4	4	NUM	%	NOUN	%
The lodgepole pines found throughout the Yellowstone Plateau high country grow in uninterrupted dense stands averaging similar ages in various groupings. Though trees normally found in more mature forests do occur, they are not found in large stands as in other forests in the Rocky Mountains. By	By	ADP	the	DET	 the
Perez defeated Wilson in that match as well as a rematch later that week on Smackdown!, with the help of Jillian Hall. It was revealed on August 22, 2005 that Wilson and Candice Michelle had been moved to the Raw brand. On that night,	,	PUNCT	Wilson	PROPN	 Wilson
Cottage gardens are always associated with roses: shrub roses, climbing roses, and old garden roses with lush foliage, in contrast to the gangly modern hybrid tea roses. Old cottage garden roses include cultivated forms of Rosa gallica, which form dense mounded shrubs 3 –	–	PUNCT	4	NUM	 4
The results proved that these turtles have locating abilities similar to that of a rat. This was also proved by another, separate experiment. One male wood turtle was displaced 2.4 kilometers (1.5 mi) after being captured, and within five weeks, it returned to	to	ADP	the	DET	 the
Following the airing of the report, the Community United Against Violence (CUAV), a San Francisco group dedicated to addressing anti gay violence in the city, reported a 400% increase of reported violent incidents against LGBT people. This marked a reversal of the decrease	decrease	NOUN	in	ADP	 in
Dye tests of the fabric showed that the old uniforms took three colors well: blue gray, gold, and dark red. Fletcher decided to use the dark red due to the strong contrast it provided with the background. The resulting naval inspired designs would be used	used	VERB	in	ADP	 in
That act also affected another previously designated moniker between the two cities. The Roberts Linton Highway was named in 1931 for local leaders who championed the construction of a highway along the Saginaw River. This name was applied to the original highway routing between Saginaw and Bay City	City	PROPN	(	PUNCT	 (
The producers of the film wanted Blondie to perform the title song: the band wrote a song titled " For Your Eyes Only ", but decided to decline the offer when they discovered the producers wanted a recording of Conti's song instead. Blondie's song can	can	AUX	be	AUX	 be
He praised Smith and Gillan, though he noted that Amy did not have much character development, and considered Darvill " might just be one of the best actors on television currently ". However, he noted that most of the episodes took place on Earth or spaceships	spaceships	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
" Baby Boy " achieved success on Billboard crossover and mainstream radio charts, appearing on the Top 40 Tracks, Rhythmic Top 40 and Top 40 Mainstream, as well as on the Hot 100 Airplay, Hot Dance Airplay and Hot Dance Music / Club Play. As	As	ADP	at	ADP	 at
Forced as a result to leave school to work in a factory, Dickens based several of his characters on his experience, most notably Amy Dorrit, whose father is in the Marshalsea for debts so complex no one can fathom how to get him out. Much of	of	ADP	the	DET	 the
Croatian towns and villages were intermittently attacked by artillery, or missiles. As the JNA disengaged in Croatia, its personnel prepared to set up a new Bosnian Serb army, as Bosnian Serbs declared the Serbian Republic of Bosnia and Herzegovina on 9 January 1992, ahead of	of	ADP	the	DET	 the
The research was corroborated in a 2011 paper by Michael Gowanlock, who calculated the frequency of supernova surviving planets as a function of their distance from the galactic center, their height above the galactic plane, and their age, ultimately discovering that about 0.3% of stars	stars	NOUN	in	ADP	 in
Davout's soldiers had 48 hours to march 110 km (68 mi). Their arrival was crucial in determining the success of the French plan. Indeed, the arrangement of Napoleon on the right flank was very risky as the French had only minimal troops garrisoning there	there	ADV	.	PUNCT	.
It was designed by Daniel Eatock. From 19 May, Channel 4 began uploading teaser clips to the official Big Brother UK YouTube channel; these were also aired during commercial breaks on Channel 4 and its related channels. The series was sponsored by Lucozade Energy and the	the	DET	promotional	ADJ	 promotional
I feel I'm just as good as he is. " Bell later recalled: " Those two games against Ohio State were my biggest, and I consider the second game a personal victory. I outrushed Archie, but he had a great public relations guy in	in	ADP	Woody	PROPN	 Woody
Despite not winning militarily, the Russians may have scored a diplomatic triumph. Other authors, such as Hellie, support this interpretation. Already during the later stages of the war, when the Commonwealth army moved from Smolensk to Bely, a new threat begun to loom	loom	VERB	on	ADP	 on
Tarrare was ordered as his first assignment to carry a message to a French colonel imprisoned by the Prussians near Neustadt; he was told that the documents were of great military significance, but in reality de Beauharnais had merely written a note asking the colonel to confirm that	that	SCONJ	the	DET	 the
Barrick Gold acquired the mine in 1994 and continued to extract and process ore at what became known as the Barrick Bullfrog Mine. At its peak, the mine employed 540 workers, many of whom lived in Beatty. The mine closed in 1998. In 2004,	,	PUNCT	the	DET	 the
Neela Debnath, writing for The Independent, called " The Trial of Elizabeth Gadge " a " hilariously dark little half hour of quintessentially British comedy ". Rupert Hawksley, writing for The Daily Telegraph, was more critical. He awarded " The Trial of Elizabeth Gadge	Gadge	PROPN	"	PUNCT	 "
Its orbital period is thought to be 66.87 days long, with a semi major axis of 0.21847 with an unconfirmed eccentricity, Analysis suggests that it orbits within the star's habitable zone, where the temperatures are just right to support life. On 27 November 2012,	,	PUNCT	the	DET	 the
When former LSU head coach Nick Saban was hired in the same capacity at Alabama, their annual contest became, arguably, an even more heated rivalry than before. At the start of the 2011 season, Alabama was ranked No. 2 and LSU was ranked No	No	NOUN	.	NOUN	.
Zeta Aurigae was spectroscopically determined to be a double star by Antonia Maury in 1897 and was confirmed as a binary star in 1908 by William Wallace Campbell. The two stars orbit each other about 500,000,000 miles (800,000,000 km) apart. Zeta Aurigae is moving away from	from	ADP	Earth	PROPN	 Earth
This was the beginning of a new war for Specht – the 8th USAAF was starting its bombing offensive on the Reich ’ s industrial complex. Soon afterward, on 27 March, he was appointed StaKa of the newly reformed 7. / JG 1, then in	in	ADP	May	PROPN	 May
" Séance Time " began with the idea of a séance, an idea the writers had wanted to explore for some time. A third series was commissioned in October 2015 by the BBC. Pemberton has said that he would be interested in an online spin off,	,	PUNCT	perhaps	ADV	 perhaps
" Roger Ebert criticised the focus on gadgets, declaring that the James Bond formula " fails to work its magic ". John Brosnan in his book James Bond in the Cinema compared the film to an episode of Thunderbirds with a reliance on gadgetry but admitted it had	had	VERB	pace	NOUN	 pace
Both sides were using the POWs for propaganda... It's not something that I will apologize for. " Fonda said she had no regrets about the broadcasts she made on Radio Hanoi, something she asked the North Vietnamese to do: " Our government was lying to	to	ADP	us	PRON	 us
" We […] were amazed, angry, morose, and bewildered, " Rex Stewart, Fletcher's lead trumpeter, said of listening to Beiderbecke and his colleagues play. He called the experience " most humiliating ". Although the band recorded numerous sides for	for	ADP	Victor	PROPN	 Victor
A win against Georgia preceded a loss to No. 2 Alabama on a last second blocked field goal and a win against No. 22 South Carolina. After South Carolina, Tennessee beat Memphis to create its first winning streak of the season. That streak abruptly ended	ended	VERB	the	DET	 the
At an American Legion national convention in Minneapolis during November 1919, cities sent representatives to lobby to become the new headquarters. Indianapolis drew support because of its central location within the United States and the city's shows of patriotism. Although Washington, D.C. received the most	most	ADJ	votes	NOUN	 votes
Chhinnamasta may have a lolling tongue. Her hair is loose and dishevelled and sometimes decorated with flowers. Alternately, in some images, her hair is tied. Additionally, she is described as three eyed, with a jewel on her forehead, which is tied to	to	ADP	a	DET	 a
The amount of damage depends on vent location, topography, and volume of magma erupted. Pyroclastic flows from vents on Mammoth Mountain or other high vent could travel farther by gaining extra momentum from their descent. Valleys along the route will be more impacted than ridges but	but	CCONJ	flows	NOUN	 flows
Thomas went with Catesby to confront Tresham on the matter, threatening to " hang him " if he did not exonerate himself. Tresham managed to convince the pair that he was innocent, but Thomas then tried unsuccessfully to persuade Catesby to abandon the plot. His pleas	pleas	NOUN	were	AUX	 were
The dead were reported to include Hanna Gaddafi, the adoptive daughter of Libyan leader Muammar Gaddafi; two of his other children were injured. British journalist Alec Collett, who had been kidnapped in Beirut in March, was hanged after the airstrikes, reportedly by ANO operatives	operatives	NOUN	;	PUNCT	;
Astronomers have not excluded the possibility of an object with a mass similar to that of Earth located further than 100 AU with an eccentric and inclined orbit. Computer simulations by Patryk Lykawka of Kobe University have suggested that an object with a mass between 0.3 and 0.7 Earth	Earth	PROPN	masses	NOUN	 masses
According to his biographer, he voted self interest first and conservative positions second, resisting Populist ideas in vogue at the time. Among his publications were a series of articles about fish management, collected and reprinted as Salmon of the Pacific Coast in 1893. Despite his	his	PRON	efforts	NOUN	 efforts
Similarly, Carey performed the song live on the German talent show, Deutschland sucht den Superstar (Germany searches for the superstar), in April 2008. On August 8, 2008, Carey performed a mash up of the song at the 2008 Teen Choice Awards.	.	PUNCT	She	PRON	 She
He added that he refused to be hosted on Al Manar and Al Alam News Network, because " their rhetoric is not in accordance with Al Wasat's ". This however, did not spare Al Wasat from the effects of the unrest as its printing facility was	was	AUX	surrounded	VERB	 surrounded
He ended the season five days short of qualifying for free agency. López reached the playoffs as the Giants won the NL West for the first time since 2003. He made two appearances in the NLDS against the Atlanta Braves to face Jason Heyward, whom he struck	struck	VERB	out	ADP	 out
" Following Apostolidès's work, French psychoanalyst Serge Tisseron examined the series in his books Tintin et les Secrets de Famille (" Tintin and the Family Secrets "), which was published in 1990, and Tintin et le Secret d'Hergé (" Tintin and Hergé's	's	PART	Secret	NOUN	 Secret
Latter day B movies still sometimes inspire multiple sequels, but series are less common. As the average running time of top of the line films increased, so did that of B pictures. In its current usage, the term has somewhat contradictory connotations: it may	may	AUX	signal	VERB	 signal
It formed on October 14 in the western Caribbean, slowly organizing as it tracked northwestward. By October 16, it attained hurricane status to the east of the Yucatán Peninsula, and subsequently executed a small counterclockwise loop. On October 18, the hurricane began undergoing rapid	rapid	ADJ	deepening	NOUN	 deepening
The Rare Breeds Survival Trust of the UK lists 22 native breeds as having only 3,000 registered animals (each), and The Livestock Conservancy lists 14 as either " critical " or " threatened ". Preferences for breeds with uniform characteristics and fast growth have pushed heritage	heritage	NOUN	(	PUNCT	 (
The earliest documentary reference to Keynsham is in the Anglo Saxon Chronicle, (c. 980) which refers to it as Cægineshamme, Old English for ' Cæga's Hamm. ' The town is also listed in the Domesday Book of 1086 as " Cainesham. " It	It	PRON	has	AUX	 has
The vast majority of FBO / Robertson Cole pictures, produced during either the silent era or the transitional period of the conversion to sound cinema, are considered to be lost films, with no copies now known to exist. Partly in consequence, many of FBO's	's	PART	star	NOUN	 star
He followed this up with another edition the following year to which he persuaded Arthur Sullivan to contribute. He also composed several hymn tunes, and some of these are still to be found in Anglican hymnals, with " Love divine, all loves excelling " being popular	popular	ADJ	at	ADP	 at
In the following few hours, Cambria picked up nine more survivors; these included Luce and two companions, the only survivors of the eleven who had found refuge on the remains of the paddlebox. The last to be picked up by Cambria was James Smith, a	a	DET	businessman	NOUN	 businessman
Bruntwood Park has a variety of facilities, including orienteering, an 18 hole, par 3 pitch and putt golf course, children's play areas, football pitches, and a BMX track. Bruntwood Park is also home to The Bowmen of Bruntwood, Stockport's only	only	ADJ	archery	NOUN	 archery
Lauren McGuire, at the age of 27, became the RNLI's youngest station manager in 2011, at Clovelly, Devon. Apart from lifeboat crew and lifeguards, the Institution provides a variety of volunteering opportunities. One of these is as " Deckhand " where signed	signed	VERB	up	ADP	 up
Production of Sense and Sensibility was scheduled for fifty eight days, though this was eventually extended to sixty five. Filming commenced in mid April 1995 at a number of locations in Devon, beginning with Saltram House (standing in for Norland Park), where Winslet and	and	CCONJ	Jones	PROPN	 Jones
Graves, who had planned for such a possibility, ordered incendiary shot fired into the village, and then sent a landing party to set fire to the town. The smoke billowing from Charlestown lent an almost surreal backdrop to the fighting, as the winds were such	such	ADJ	that	SCONJ	 that
She was disarmed and hulked in 1923 and finally broken up for scrap in 1948. Combat experience in the First Sino Japanese War convinced the Imperial Japanese Navy of weaknesses in the Jeune Ecole naval philosophy, and Japan embarked on a program to modernize and expand its fleet	fleet	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
" Juicy " was released as the lead single on August 8, 1994. It peaked at number 27 on the Billboard Hot 100, number 14 on Hot R & B / Hip Hop Singles & Tracks and reached number 3 on the Hot Rap Singles. It	It	PRON	shipped	VERB	 shipped
In 1981, the U.S. Air Force developed a requirement for an Advanced Tactical Fighter (ATF) as a new air superiority fighter to replace the F 15 Eagle and F 16 Fighting Falcon. This was made more crucial by the emerging worldwide threats, including development and	and	CCONJ	proliferation	NOUN	 proliferation
Bradman received hundreds of personal letters every day, and one of his dinner speeches was broadcast live, causing the British Broadcasting Corporation to postpone the news bulletin. Of Bradman's retirement, Robertson Glasgow said in the 1949 Wisden Cricketers ' Almanack: "... a miracle	miracle	NOUN	has	AUX	 has
Mauboy is often referred to as Australia's answer to Beyoncé. However, she does not agree with the comparisons, saying " I totally disagree with that one. I've... watched her documentary [Life Is But a Dream] and was just blown away by	by	ADP	how	SCONJ	 how
Later the film was expected to release in February 2015. The release date was speculated as 13 February 2015 and an official confirmation was awaited. Rama Rao Jr. was expected to announce the film's release date at the audio launch event. Bandla Ganesh announced at the	the	DET	audio	NOUN	 audio
The British, however, had a long tradition prior to the 1857 rebellion of executing sepoys found guilty of mutiny or desertion in this manner. According to one historian, the British tradition began in 1760, when the government examined the modes of capital punishment in use	use	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
Super Science Stories ' first issue was dated March 1940; it was bimonthly, with Astonishing Stories appearing in the alternate months. In Pohl's memoirs he recalls Harry Steeger, one of the company owners, breaking down the budget for Astonishing for him: " Two	Two	NUM	hundred	NUM	 hundred
The freeway, which opened in 1993, provides the primary vehicular access into Denver International Airport which opened at the same time. Peña Boulevard begins as an extension of Airport Boulevard in Aurora at an interchange with Interstate 70 (I 70) and travels north, then	then	ADV	east	ADV	 east
In 2000, FIU attained the highest ranking in the Carnegie Foundation classification system, that of " Doctoral / Research University Extensive. " FIU's faculty has engaged in research and holds far reaching expertise in reducing morbidity and mortality from cancer, HIV / AIDS, substance	substance	NOUN	abuse	NOUN	 abuse
Hanbun no Tsuki ga Noboru Sora (2010) as Mirai Natsume Confessions (2010) as Manami Moriguchi Ghost: In Your Arms Again (2010) as the child ghost Despicable Me (2010) as the voice of Agnes in the Japanese version of the film Inu	Inu	PROPN	to	ADP	 to
Fauxlivia becomes distressed at Walternate's actions, and later returns to Liberty Island to obtain the devices to allow her to cross to the prime universe, but is caught before she can use them. Walternate locks her away, seeing her as a traitor to his cause	cause	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
In 2004, Variety announced that Valhalla Motion Pictures and Kismet Entertainment Group were collaborating to produce a remake Black Sabbath. Jonathan Hensleigh was attached to contribute to the script development of the film. Image Entertainment released the film in both the English and Italian versions on DVD	DVD	NOUN	on	ADP	 on
It was described as having an aroma of hops, sulphur and grapefruit, with a salty, moreish and zesty taste. A major television campaign ran nationally from 1983 until 1991 with the tagline (coined by playwright Peter Whelan): " (Wherever you may wander)	)	PUNCT	there	PRON	 there
The King receives a gift from the king of Burma, a lovely slave girl named Tuptim, to be one of his many wives. She is escorted by Lun Tha, a scholar who has come to copy a design for a temple, and the two are	are	AUX	secretly	ADV	 secretly
This theatre is one of the 40 theatres featured in the 2012 DVD documentary series Great West End Theatres, presented by Donald Sinden. The Phantom of the Opera had its world première on 9 October 1986 at the theatre, winning the Olivier Award for Best New Musical	Musical	PROPN	and	CCONJ	 and
Daphne gave up her career as a stripper to run the coffee shop, which her grandfather Harry Henderson (Johnny Lockwood) gave to her, after he won it in a poker game. Kingsley commented that Daphne ran the business like " a pro ". Daphne	Daphne	PROPN	's	PART	's
Popularly portrayed as a Viking warrior rather than a medieval monarch, Magnus was the last Norwegian king to fall in battle abroad, and he may in some respects be considered the final Viking king. Most information about Magnus is gleaned from Norse sagas and chronicles, which	which	PRON	began	VERB	 began
In the century following his death, Maylam's book on hoodening became difficult to obtain and expensive to purchase, and so to mark the centenary of its first publication, it was republished under the altered title of The Kent Hooden Horse in 2009 by The History Press	Press	PROPN	.	PUNCT	.
Following the car briefly being stop searched by the police, the rappers drive to a mansion and enter a party attended by several other members of G Unit Records, including rapper Lloyd Banks and singer Olivia. During the party, Yayo enters another room of the mansion	mansion	NOUN	and	CCONJ	 and
VanDerWerff was similarly unimpressed: " dumb and unnecessary ". Chaney wrote that the number " was a high energy, cute way for the show to mark its comeback ", but said that Rory " sounded flat " on one of his lines, and Sam "	"	PUNCT	couldn	PROPN	 couldn
About 10,000 citrus trees were destroyed, and crop damage was estimated at $2.5 million. About 500 people were left homeless in the small nation, after many homes were damaged or destroyed. Schools and health clinics were also damaged. The storm's high winds knocked	knocked	VERB	down	ADP	 down
The SFWMD built Stormwater Treatment Areas (STAs) near sugarcane fields where water leaving the EAA flows into ponds lined with lime rock and layers of peat and calcareous periphyton. Testing has shown this method to be more effective than previously anticipated, bringing levels from 80 ppb	ppb	NOUN	to	ADP	 to
Nevertheless, Hitler decided that neither Kesselring nor Paulus could be spared from their current posts. In October 1942, Kesselring was given direct command of all German armed forces in the theatre except Rommel's German Italian Panzer Army in North Africa, including General der Infantrie Enno	Enno	PROPN	von	PROPN	 von
They refined its size, revealing it was larger than Saturn's moon Titan, which was previously thought to have been bigger. The grooved terrain was also seen. In 1995, the Galileo spacecraft entered orbit around Jupiter and between 1996 and 2000 made six close flybys	flybys	NOUN	to	PART	 to
The game was designed to be simple, as Takumi wanted it to be easy enough for even his mother to play. It was originally going to be a detective game, with Phoenix being a private investigator, but at one point Takumi realized that finding and taking	taking	VERB	apart	ADP	 apart
In later years, he also displayed proficiency at tennis, in which critics thought he could have reached a high standard if motivated to do so, and golf. During the English winter of 1922 – 23, the MCC selected a team to tour Australia and New	New	PROPN	Zealand	PROPN	 Zealand
The task of holding Tri Thien and Huế was entrusted to the ARVN 1st Division (South Vietnam), the 4th and 15th Ranger Groups, the 913th and 914th Regional Forces Companies, the 17th and 20th Armoured Squadrons, 10 artillery battalions, one squadron of helicopters	helicopters	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
The southern end of Highway 19 begins at Highway 3 in Tillsonburg, while the northern end terminates 400 metres north of the centreline of Highway 401, southeast of the Ingersoll town limits. Highway 19 is situated entirely in Oxford County and serves the communities of Ostrander,	,	PUNCT	Mount	PROPN	 Mount
Bellette married artist and critic Paul Haefliger in 1935. The couple moved to Majorca in 1957; although she visited and exhibited in Australia thereafter, she did not return to live, and became peripheral to the Australian art scene. Bellette was born in Hobart on 25	25	NUM	March	PROPN	 March
In addition, people treated with argatroban for HIT showed a relative risk reduction of the above clinical outcomes to be 0.20 and 0.18. Lepirudin production stopped on May 31, 2012. The exact number of cases of HIT in the general population is unknown. What is	is	AUX	known	VERB	 known
Several countries were reluctant to send their own troops to Sierra Leone without contributions from Western nations, and felt that the United Kingdom in particular should be contributing to the UN mission. Despite the political pressure, the MoD continued to lack confidence in UNAMSIL leadership. Thus	Thus	ADV	,	PUNCT	,
The list includes G.W. Abbe, Justus D. Barnes, Frank H. Crane, Irene Crane, Marie Eline, Violet Heming, Martin J. Faust, Thomas Fortune, George Middleton, Grace Moore, John W. Noble, Anna Rosemond, Mrs. George Walters. It is unknown	unknown	ADJ	when	SCONJ	 when
He argued that such a law would imply that intolerance could base itself upon evidence. The effect of the proposed prosecutions, he said, would be " rather to exacerbate than to assuage the feelings which lie behind the defamation of groups ". In the postwar period	period	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
His performances were so strong that Somerset chose to release Spurway at the start of the 2007 season, and named Kieswetter alongside Carl Gazzard as their two wicket keepers. In early April that year, he made his one day debut for Somerset against Glamorgan; he made	made	VERB	69	NUM	 69
Although he was not influenced by the sound or the philosophy of the music, Cage's explorations of indeterminacy set off a train of thought which resulted in Lutosławski finding a way to retain the harmonic structures he wanted while introducing the freedom for which he was searching.	.	PUNCT	His	PRON	 His
Jack Hallam appeared to score in the first half, but the referee disallowed the goal, having spotted that Hallam had knocked the ball in with hand rather than head, and Middlesbrough went on to score twice without reply in the second period. Fred Jones missed the	the	DET	Middlesbrough	PROPN	 Middlesbrough
Due to the radiation hazard posed to aircrew, and people on the ground in the event of a crash, new developments in ballistic missile technology, aerial refueling and longer range jet bombers, President Kennedy canceled the program in June 1961. Weinberg had the Materials Testing	Testing	PROPN	Reactor	PROPN	 Reactor
The Peloponnesians sailed home, but the Athenians remained to attack the Chersonesos, still held by the Persians. The Persians and their allies made for Sestos, the strongest town in the region. Amongst them was one Oeobazus of Cardia, who had with him the cables	cables	NOUN	and	CCONJ	 and
This way, the smoke, odors and bustle of the kitchen could be kept out of sight of guests, and the fire risk lessened. Many basic variations of cooking utensils available today, such as frying pans, pots, kettles, and waffle irons, already	already	ADV	existed	VERB	 existed
It climbs at a shallow gradient to Bwlch Main, shortly southwest of the summit, from where it climbs more steeply, meeting up with the Watkin Path at a site marked with a large standing stone a few hundred metres from the summit. An alternative start begins	begins	VERB	at	ADP	 at
After a dinner mourning the death of Kim's bodyguards, Dave witnesses Kim's malicious side; and after taking a walk and discovering that a nearby grocery store is merely a façade, Dave realizes that Kim has been lying to him. At the same time,	,	PUNCT	during	ADP	 during
It has been written that the marriage did not end until 1931. In the meantime, Andersen befriended a woman named Nancy. She helped hide him when he was wanted by the authorities, she lied during a police interrogation at Møllergata 19 to cover for him and	and	CCONJ	she	PRON	 she
De Vita also stated his intention to record a sequel to Primera Fila; since many songs in his repertoire were left out, " I would like to include Shakira on a ballad... Ricky Martin was considered for this album too, but could not make it in	in	ADP	time	NOUN	 time
In the other direction, probability theory provides tools to examine convex sets generally and the Shapley – Folkman – Starr results specifically. The Shapley – Folkman – Starr results have been widely used in the probabilistic theory of random sets, for example, to prove a law	law	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
Lockheed Martin stated that restarting the production line itself would cost about $200 million. Production tooling will be documented in illustrated electronic manuals stored at the Sierra Army Depot. Retained tooling will produce additional components; due to the limited production run there are no reserve aircraft	aircraft	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
John Chapple, his office manager, designed most of the furnishings and furniture, and William Frame acted as clerk of works. Horatio Lonsdale was Burges's chief artist, painting extensive murals at the castle. His main sculptor was Thomas Nicholls, together with another long	long	ADJ	time	NOUN	 time
But it's good to see an entertainer who, 20 years into her career, is still trying to change the world ". Barry Walters from Rolling Stone mentioned that I'm Going to Tell You a Secret " lacks the dishy delights of the diva's 1991	1991	NUM	Truth	PROPN	 Truth
Mike Diver at the BBC wrote an unfavorable review of the album, stating that " This assortment of acts says nothing of its parent film, beyond the occasional reference to school days and nods to something nasty coming this way ". The ending sequence of the film	film	NOUN	itself	PRON	 itself
His financial situation improved with the sale of two paintings, Death of Wapowski during the crowining of Henry Valois (Zabicie Wapowskiego w czasie koronacji Henryka Walezego, 1861) and Jan Kochanowski mourning his daughter Urszulka (Jan Kochanowski nad zwłokami Urszulki, 1862), which settled	settled	VERB	his	PRON	 his
The American GI Forum was started to ensure the rights of Hispanic World War II veterans. Discrimination also extended to those killed during the war. In one notable case, the owner of a funeral parlor refused to allow the family of Private Felix Longoria, a soldier	soldier	NOUN	killed	VERB	 killed
The Americans were originally under the command of General Spotswood, Governor of Virginia, who was to be second in command under Cathcart, however Spotswood died and was replaced by Gooch as commander of the Americans. They found on their arrival that no arrangements had been made	made	VERB	by	ADP	 by
Food can be stored in the backpack until it is needed. However, some types of food rot over time, and consuming rotten foods may result in Snake developing a stomach ache, causing the stamina gauge to deplete faster. The PlayStation 2 versions of Snake Eater	Eater	PROPN	include	VERB	 include
The next storm was Bemany, which passed east of Mauritius near peak intensity in early December. Tropical Depression Clera existed briefly in the middle of September, and Tropical Storm Dadafy moved across the eastern portion of the basin in late December. The only deadly storm of	of	ADP	the	DET	 the
On the first Irish possession that followed, the Crimson Tide held them to a three and out and forced a punt. The kick was subsequently fumbled by Christion Jones and recovered by Notre Dame; however, a kick catching interference penalty was called against the Irish and	and	CCONJ	gave	VERB	 gave
As an expert in the use of air units to aid artillery and infantry, Gordon P. Saville held to the concept of tactical air power through his time as ACTS instructor from 1934 to 1936. Later, Saville successfully implemented his ideas in the Mediterranean Theater. Captain	Captain	PROPN	Claire	PROPN	 Claire
This effort also failed however, being repulsed as Chitts called in indirect fire from the Support Company mortars and American howitzers to within 10 metres (33 ft) of the forward Australian positions. The North Koreans finally withdrew at 22: 15, though a SU 76	76	NUM	self	NOUN	 self
Jack's notability is largely due to his mainstream representation of a bisexual man in science fiction television, for whom sexual identity is " matter of fact ", and not an issue. The ordinariness with which Jack's orientation is regarded within Doctor Who embodies part of	of	ADP	a	DET	 a
Crookes ' assistant was the glass blower Charles Henry Gimingham (1853 1890) who had built the experimental apparatus. Wiley suspected that Gimingham worked as a secret accomplice for Anna Eva Fay in her experiments with Crookes. Wiley noted that " Gimingham had free and open access	access	NOUN	to	ADP	 to
Some of the most popular ZX81 games (Psion's Flight Simulation being an example) were rewritten for the Spectrum to take advantage of the newer machine's colour and sound capabilities. Enterprising programmers were able to produce games for the ZX81 using nothing more than text characters	characters	NOUN	and	CCONJ	 and
He was then appearing in the TV series Follyfoot, but was written out of three episodes to appear in the film. By then, Saltzman and Broccoli decided not to include the character, feeling that " too much was being made of the films ' gadgets "	"	PUNCT	,	PUNCT	,
At around 2: 45 AM, they came into contact with Abd el Hamid's left flank battalion, positioned around Tirtur. The battalion directed effective artillery fire against the paratroopers, who were also receiving heavy machine gun and small arms fire from entrenched Egyptian infantry.	.	PUNCT	The	DET	 The
Burnley continued their good form into 1921, beating Preston North End away before achieving two victories against local rivals Blackburn Rovers. The first of these wins, a 4 – 1 success, was watched by 41,534 spectators, the biggest home crowd of the season until then	then	ADV	.	PUNCT	.
Playing only two games with the Bruins in the 1957 – 58 season, O'Ree returned in 1960 – 61, playing another 43 games with Boston. Although he only played 45 NHL games, scoring four goals, he earned the label the " Jackie Robinson of hockey	hockey	NOUN	"	PUNCT	 "
The hotpot was cooked in a specially crafted 12 ft by 7 ft tin, weighing 200 kilos. 2008 saw Betty's hotpot come under scrutiny in the soap, after Street resident Jerry Morton suffered a heart attack. Jerry's ex wife Teresa Bryant blamed the fatty	fatty	NOUN	meat	NOUN	 meat
Among the wounded was Commodore Hood, who was shot in the right forearm, the ball eventually lodging in his shoulder. Hood retired below and command passed to his second in command, Lieutenant Case. At 11: 45, Armide surrendered to Centaur, followed 15	15	NUM	minutes	NOUN	 minutes
Australian ravens are intelligent birds, and like many other corvids have innovative methods of seeking out food. Foraging takes place in the early morning or late afternoon; birds rest in the hotter part of the day. Food is taken mainly from the ground, birds either	either	CCONJ	finding	VERB	 finding
" Hot to the Touch " was written and storyboarded by Cole Sanchez and Rebecca Sugar, from a story developed by series creator Pendleton Ward, Patrick McHale, and Kent Osborne. This was the first episode that Sugar and Sanchez worked on together; Sugar's previous	previous	ADJ	partner	NOUN	 partner
In the absence of males, females are also capable of asexual reproduction. Normally wary of humans, blacktip sharks can become aggressive in the presence of food and have been responsible for a number of attacks on people. This species is of importance to both commercial and	and	CCONJ	recreational	ADJ	 recreational
In 2009, the outdoor pool was renovated by a team filming for the American TV programme Ty's Great British Adventure. Above the lake grounds is Battery Point, where a gun battery was sited to protect the Severn Estuary from invasion. Along with the rest of	of	ADP	South	PROPN	 South
Hermaphroditism appeared in medical literature enough to be considered common knowledge, although cases were rare. Homoerotic elements in literature were pervasive, specifically the masquerade of one gender for another to fool an unsuspecting woman into being seduced. Such plot devices were used in Shakespeare's Twelfth	Twelfth	PROPN	Night	PROPN	 Night
The coroner, Gavin Thurston, told the Westminster inquest that Epstein's death was caused by an overdose of Carbitral, and ruled it as an accidental death. The pathologist, Dr. Donald Teare, stated that Epstein had been taking bromide in the form of Carbitral for	for	ADP	some	DET	 some
A proportion of flowers have a true leaf at this junction instead, and are described as auxotelic. Each individual flower consists of a cylindrical perianth that splits into four segments or tepals, and contains both male and female parts. Within this, the central style is	is	AUX	surrounded	VERB	 surrounded
Elaine Liner, television critic with the Corpus Christi Caller Times, described Williams ' performance as " heartbreaking ", but particularly praised the writers for " taking the show to a higher level " by making the perpetrator sympathetic and three dimensional, not only the victim.	.	PUNCT	Liner	PROPN	 Liner
... R had set up his orchestra on the stairs, and thus consecrated our Tribschen forever! " This was the first performance of the music that became known as the Siegfried Idyll. Wagner's deception over his relationship with Cosima had seriously damaged his standing with Ludwig	Ludwig	PROPN	.	PUNCT	.
The data were published as a letter in the The Lancet in October 1999, co authored by Ewen. It reported significant differences in the thickness of the gut epithelium of rats fed genetically modified potatoes (compared to those fed the control diet), but no differences	differences	NOUN	in	ADP	 in
The use of the ' Tainted Love ' sample was well received by critics. Ruth Jamieson of The Observer commented that the sample was an " outrageously hooky Soft Cell rhythm ". Jazzily Bass of Contactmusic.com complimented the inclusion of the " Tainted Love " sample, describing	describing	VERB	"	PUNCT	 "
The NK 9th and 4th divisions were not able to resume the offensive. Just after midnight on September 6, the 1st Provisional Marine Brigade was ordered back to Pusan in order to travel to Japan and merge with other Marine units to form the 1st Marine Division.	.	PUNCT	This	PRON	 This
The IMD upgraded it to Super Cyclonic Storm Gonu late on June 4, with peak 3 min sustained winds reaching 240 km / h (150 mph) and an estimated pressure of 920 mbar. This made it the first super cyclonic storm in the Arabian Sea on	on	ADP	record	NOUN	 record
In mid July 1941, the Communist Party of Yugoslavia (Serbo Croatian: Komunistička Partija Jugoslavije, KPJ) initiated a general uprising against the Italian occupiers. The uprising was triggered by the proclamation of a restored Kingdom of Montenegro headed by an Italian regent and led by	by	ADP	the	DET	 the
I was appalled when they were soon returned, red inked in many places where he had told of his almost father and son relationship with Elijah Muhammad. Telephoning Malcolm X, I reminded him of his previous decisions, and I stressed that if those chapters contained such	such	ADJ	telegraphing	NOUN	 telegraphing
In the early 2000s, she began working with a group called the Sahel Hawl Blues made up of ten young Mauritian musicians of different ethnic origins (Moor, Fula, Toucouleur, Sonike, Wolof and Haratin), demonstrating her desire to overcome racial differences. In	In	ADP	so	ADV	 so
Brazilian President Luiz Inácio Lula da Silva declared three days of national mourning. The Flight Data Recorder and a non data part of the Cockpit Voice Recorder from the Boeing 737 were found on 2 October 2006 and handed over to the investigators, who sent them to the	the	DET	Transportation	PROPN	 Transportation
Paul came in 5th place in both the January 4 Iowa caucuses (10% of votes cast) and the January 8 New Hampshire primary (8%). With the exception of the Nevada caucuses January 19, where he came in 2nd (14%)	)	PUNCT	behind	ADP	 behind
Consisting primarily of small unit actions which resulted in disproportionately heavy casualties for the Australians, throughout the course of the campaign the 2 / 5th suffered 146 casualties, including eight officers killed or wounded. Following the end of the war, the 2 / 5th remained in	in	ADP	New	PROPN	 New
It explores the references to history, legends, and literature in J.K. Rowling's Harry Potter novels. Colbert conceived the idea for The Magical Worlds of Harry Potter while quizzing his nephew and nieces about the mythological references in the novels. He later wrote the book while	while	SCONJ	teaching	VERB	 teaching
... I Did It Again. The tour received positive critical appreciation. During the tour, Spears was accused of lip synching, although she denied these claims. On April 20, 2000, the concert at Hilton Hawaiian Village in Honolulu, Hawaii, was taped.	.	PUNCT	It	PRON	 It
... He can seem irresistibly funny in repose or invest minor slapstick opportunities with a streak of genius ". David Ansen wrote in Newsweek, " But if Animal House lacks the inspired tastelessness of the Lampoon's High School Yearbook Parody, this is still low humor of	of	ADP	a	DET	 a
Statistics below are for all time leaders. Statistics are for regular season only. Bold indicates active MLS players. Updated July 26, 2016 Statistics below are for all time leaders who are still playing. Statistics are for regular season only. Updated July 26, 2016	2016	NUM	Doug	PROPN	 Doug
The CDJ was only one of dozens of organised resistance groups that provided support to hidden Jews. Other groups and individual resistance members were responsible for finding hiding places and providing food and forged papers. Many Jews in hiding went on to join organised resistance groups. Groups	Groups	NOUN	from	ADP	 from
The brigade's Headquarters Company managed the engineer battalions but it also undertook its own missions, including humanitarian missions and public affairs assignments. It was supported by the brigade's Special Troops Battalion which provided a wide range of duties for the Headquarters. The task of detecting	detecting	VERB	and	CCONJ	 and
Many of these Jews settled in Eastern Europe, especially Poland. Following the Spanish Inquisition in 1492, the Spanish population of around 200,000 Sephardic Jews were expelled by the Spanish crown and Catholic church, followed by expulsions in 1493 in Sicily (37,000 Jews) and Portugal	Portugal	PROPN	in	ADP	 in
The station also served a local yard for train storage for the branch line via a wye. At Essex Fells, connections could be made for train service to Morristown via the Morristown and Erie Railroad. The Caldwell Railroad diverged from the current New Jersey Transit line about	about	ADV	1	NUM	 1
For his part in the potential marriage alliance, Henry II transferred the castles of Chinon, Loudun and Mirebeau into John's name; as John was only five years old his father would continue to control them for practical purposes. Henry the Young King was unimpressed by	by	ADP	this	PRON	 this
They evacuated through the rice fields, taking their dead and wounded comrades. Vann wanted to use a C 47 flare plane to illuminate the rice fields on the eastern flank of Ap Bac and Ap Tan Thoi. He wanted to hit the Viet Cong with 500 rounds	rounds	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
In spite of the idiomatic meaning, some grammarians, including Huddleston & Pullum (2002): 274, do not consider this type of construction to form a syntactic constituent and hence refrain from using the term " phrasal verb ". Instead they consider the construction simply to	to	PART	be	AUX	 be
This caused friction between Landis and Universal later in the production, as its costs far exceeded the original budget. Since none of them except Charles had had any hits in recent years, the studio wanted the director to replace them with, or add, performances by	by	ADP	younger	ADJ	 younger
The school has been deemed a three time California Distinguished School, a National School of Character, and a two time National Blue Ribbon School. Performance results for 2008 show Amador Valley with an Academic Performance Index (API) of 10 on a 10 point scale.	.	PUNCT	The	DET	 The
She debuted on screen during the episode airing on 26 September 2006 and was introduced by series producer Bryan Kirkwood as part of the McQueen family. Cooper has stated that whilst Lucy Allan produced the serial she was not used and Jacqui had " lost her identity ".	.	PUNCT	In	ADP	 In
For example, the 1960s television show depicted a Batboat, Bat Sub, and Batcycle, among other bat themed vehicles. The 1960s television series Batman has an arsenal that includes such " bat- " names as the bat computer, bat scanner, bat radar, bat	bat	NOUN	cuffs	NOUN	 cuffs
Contemporary reviewers tended to neglect the Carry Brattle subplot and focus on Mary Lowther, whose conduct was criticised by Blackwood's Magazine, by The Times, and by Mrs. Oliphant. The Saturday Review complained that " [a] sort of savageness pervades the book ",	,	PUNCT	and	CCONJ	 and
France too began to drift away from Metternich's non interventionist position. In August 1826 Russian Foreign Minister Nesselrode rejected a proposal by Metternich to convene a congress to discuss the events that eventually led to the outbreak of civil war in Portugal. The Austrian Foreign Minister accepted	accepted	VERB	this	PRON	 this
" The video game version of Mona Sax was critically acclaimed for being one of " relatively complex, non stereotypical female game characters ". She was included on the 2007 list of 50 greatest female characters in video game history by Tom's Games, where she was	was	AUX	described	VERB	 described
Clarke sees the change as something more fundamental, the increases in dissonance and atonality in Priam being representative of a trend that continued and reached a climax of astringency a few years later in Tippett's third opera, The Knot Garden. Tippett's new modernistic language,	,	PUNCT	writes	VERB	 writes
In an interview with MTV News, Carey described the album's content, as well as its influences: There are songs that are definitely going to take people back and make them go, ' Oh, man, this song from the ' 80s — I loved	loved	VERB	it	PRON	 it
The name " Pongsona " was contributed by North Korea for the Pacific tropical cyclone list and is the Korean name for the garden balsam. Pongsona developed out of an area of disturbed weather on December 2, and steadily intensified to reach typhoon status on December 5.	.	PUNCT	On	ADP	 On
They follow Columbia Avenue to Skyline Drive where the highway passes the western side of the W. K. Kellogg Airport. When the roadway meets M 96, BL I 94 / M 37 turns east, joining M 96 around the north end of the airport to Helmer Road	Road	PROPN	.	PUNCT	.
The match started off with Nitro and Haas in the ring. Haas took the advantage in the match and was able to tag in Holly. There was back and forth action between the two teams, as all of the superstars were able to participate in the match	match	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
The first six were built by Kitson & Co in Leeds in 1884, followed by three similar but lighter in 1885. The railway had inherited most of its tank engines from the Deeside, Morayshire and Banffshire Railways and these needed replacing, so six arrived in 1884	1884	NUM	and	CCONJ	 and
The remnants of Gerda moved northeastward and then to the east, before dissipating between Newfoundland and the Azores late on October 22. In late October, an area of low pressure persisted in the western Caribbean Sea for several days. On October 27, a ship and	and	CCONJ	the	DET	 the
As a consequence, the Howes were only granted the ability to issue pardons and amnesties, but not to make any substantive concessions. The commissioners were also mandated to seek dissolution of the Continental Congress, re establishment of the pre war colonial assemblies, acceptance of the	the	DET	terms	NOUN	 terms
Spears ended the performance with her and her dancers posing in the middle of the three ring stage as a red curtain slowly descended in the closing. A contest in DanceJam.com was announced to promote the song. The contestants had to upload a video of them dancing to	to	ADP	"	PUNCT	 "
Leah Rozen of People stated that the film " has imagination, humor aplenty and moves briskly ", and that " the animation, combining traditional and digital techniques, is ravishing. " Claudia Puig of USA Today said that the film's most noteworthy feature is "	"	PUNCT	the	DET	 the
The album received mixed reviews and limited radio play. Low sales outside the UK put pressure on their contract with Island and focused the band on improvement. Resolving their doubts of the October period, U2 released War in February 1983. A record on which the band	band	NOUN	"	PUNCT	 "
Prior to the draft, the Bears met with 37 players; 25 had private visits, 6 met at the NFL Scouting Combine, 4 met at their college's Pro Days, 3 had meetings at the Senior Bowl and the East – West Shrine Game. Iowa	Iowa	PROPN	State	PROPN	 State
In February 1918 the USSB assigned Kroonland to the transport fleet as an U.S. Army Chartered Transport (USACT), and after her return from France on 9 April, she was converted to a troop transport in New York by the William J. Kennedy Company. A typical	typical	ADJ	conversion	NOUN	 conversion
Homer also tries to look for normal flavors of ice cream among the unusually named flavors at the " Ken & Harry's " factory plant, so he puts Lisa into the freezer to look for some in the back, which ultimately causes her to catch a cold	cold	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
His story and name have been used in literary works, and a monument to him stands in the Cimetière des Chiens near Paris. At the hospice one dog has always been named Barry in his honor and since 2004 the Foundation Barry du Grand Saint Bernard has been	been	AUX	set	VERB	 set
New York City's film office does not allow weekday film shoots on Wall Street. Moore had permission to use the steps of Federal Hall but did not have a permit to shoot on the sidewalk or the street, nor did he have a loud noise permit or	or	CCONJ	the	DET	 the
As it started, so it finished ". Ignorant's lineup for the tour were Gizz Butt, Carol Hodge, Pete Wilson and Spike T. Smith, and he was joined by Eve Libertine for a number of songs. The set list included a cover of "	"	PUNCT	West	PROPN	 West
A series of matches followed to determine the current Australian sculling Champion, who would defend the World Title. Laycock beat Rush again and again, but Trickett eventually beat Laycock. Trickett once more went to the Thames to row against Ned Hanlan, but these preliminary contests	contests	NOUN	in	ADP	 in
Director Thomas J. Wright would go on to direct twenty six episodes across all three seasons. Wright would also direct " Millennium ", the series ' crossover episode with its sister show The X Files. " Powers, Principalities, Thrones and Dominions " is co writer	writer	NOUN	Harold	PROPN	 Harold
Just over two years to that day, Wallhead rematched Jenkins in a kickboxing bout (thus not counting towards his pro MMA record); this time in Wallhead's hometown of Nottingham. Wallhead showed effective low kicks and combinations which earned him a unanimous decision victory.	.	PUNCT	After	ADP	 After
Bell couldn't decide whether she enjoyed these three songs or the Troubletones mash up more, and West felt the " choreography on the whole thing was stellar ", and graded it an " A + ". Votta singled out " ABC ", which demonstrated "	"	PUNCT	what	PRON	 what
Russian Toys can also be shown and earn Certificate of Merit Points at FSS Open shows. In 2008, the AKC board and FSS also acknowledged the Russian Toy Club of America (RTCA). The following year, the AKC board and FSS acknowledged Russian Toy Dog	Dog	PROPN	Club	PROPN	 Club
In 1876 Colonel Eli Lilly opened a new pharmaceutical laboratory in Indianapolis, founding what later became Eli Lilly and Company. Indianapolis was also the wartime home of Richard Gatling, inventor of the Gatling Gun, one of the world's first machine guns. Although his invention	invention	NOUN	was	AUX	 was
Replacement of partial access in central Harrison with service roads, a new interchange, and an overpass (to improve access to Harrison Avenue, the PATH station, and Red Bull Arena, and to give north south passage to local street traffic) is in the planning	planning	NOUN	stages	NOUN	 stages
Tom Welling, after twice turning down the producers ' attempts to get him to audition for the role of Clark Kent, eventually accepted the opportunity to be part of the show. It was David Nutter who finally convinced Welling to read the script for the pilot,	,	PUNCT	after	ADP	 after
After 13 completions in 23 attempts, Tolliver ran the ball late in the game and broke his collarbone, sidelining him for at least six weeks. After spending the first seven games on the injured reserve list, Tolliver was taken off the list and named the starter	starter	NOUN	for	ADP	 for
The edition was released on 14 December 2011 and was exclusive to the Xbox 360. Murray stood by his earlier statements criticising Microsoft's platform; he said, " Obviously a comment like that isn't meant exactly how it sounds. For probably a few years XBLA	XBLA	PROPN	was	AUX	 was
Pain was an early supporter of King Stephen, although he was said initially to have been afraid to appear at Stephen's court for fear of being confronted by those he had oppressed. Nevertheless, Pain was with the new king by early January 1136, when he	he	PRON	witnessed	VERB	 witnessed
It earned Mendelssohn widespread acclaim at the age of 20. It also led to one of the few references which Mendelssohn made to his origins: " To think that it took an actor and a Jew's son to revive the greatest Christian music for the world!	!	PUNCT	"	PUNCT	 "
The following year, the college student body selected crimson as the official school color. The administration in 1905 took crimson and combined it with the recognizable purple of the championship football teams to achieve the color garnet. After World War II the garnet and gold colors were	were	AUX	first	ADV	 first
" F.E.A.R. ' s heads up display crosshair's size dynamically shows where shots will fall based on movement, aim, and the weapon in use. The player may carry only three firearms at a time; thus, strategy is required when using and selecting weapons.	.	PUNCT	Compared	VERB	 Compared
She also clarified it was not her intent to present suicide in any sort of positive light. The video was directed by David LaChapelle and shot on March 13 and 14, 2004, in Los Angeles. The lighting was described as " saturated, but low and	and	CCONJ	naturalistic	ADJ	 naturalistic
After much persuasion, the Brahmin relents on the condition that the saint do an impossible task of cultivating and harvesting the field in one night. Aided by Shiva's attendant ganas, the saint completes the task. The Brahmin realizes the piety of the Nayanar, apologizes	apologizes	VERB	to	ADP	 to
The ACE in the east Pacific proper (140° W to North America) is given; the ACE in the central Pacific (the International Date Line to 140° W) is given in parentheses. The table includes the ACE for Ele and Huko accumulated only	only	ADV	when	SCONJ	 when
In the Soviet Union, ZX Spectrum clones were assembled by thousands of small start ups and distributed through poster ads and street stalls. Over 50 such clone models existed. Some of them are still being produced, such as the Pentagon and ATM Turbo. In the	the	DET	UK	PROPN	 UK
When the compacted mass of the inert core exceeds the Chandrasekhar limit of about 1.4 M ☉, electron degeneracy is no longer sufficient to counter the gravitational compression. A cataclysmic implosion of the core takes place within seconds. Without the support of the now imploded inner core	core	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
The 5th Light Horse regimental commander was informed at 11: 40 by 2nd Light Horse Brigade headquarters that, unless the Ottoman force surrendered, they would be bombed at 15: 00. Negotiations for a surrender began at 11: 45, and the 5th Light Horse	Horse	PROPN	Regiment	PROPN	 Regiment
Recycling is also a source, mostly from scrapped catalytic converters. The numerous applications and limited supply sources result in considerable investment interest. Palladium belongs to group 10 in the periodic table, but the configuration in the outermost electron shells is atypical for group 10 (see	see	VERB	also	ADV	 also
Manning found it easier to create male characters, and in general her novels tend to minimise differences in gender, writing about people rather than women in particular. Harriet Pringle, for example, moves through processes of self discovery and empowerment as an individual rather than in	in	ADP	feminist	ADJ	 feminist
In November 2009, Specter introduced a bill to require televising U.S. Supreme Court proceedings, and explained that " [t] he Supreme Court makes pronouncements on constitutional and federal law that have direct impacts on the rights of Americans. Those rights would be substantially enhanced by	by	ADP	televising	VERB	 televising
Finn later explained that one of the first things he did was to take control of a machine gun from his squadron's painter. " I said, ' Alex, let me take that gun '... knew that I had more experience firing a machine gun than	than	ADP	a	DET	 a
It passes under California State Route 73, which crosses the valley on an earthfill and a bridge segment. The creek receives from the right the Dairy Fork, 9 miles (14 km) from the mouth, which drains parts of southern Laguna Hills and northeastern Aliso	Aliso	PROPN	Viejo	PROPN	 Viejo
David Masson, a professor of literature at the University of Edinburgh, is often reported (perhaps apocryphally) to have waved the magazine in which it appeared at his students, crying " Here's literature! Here's literature at last! ". William Henley,	,	PUNCT	the	DET	 the
The Seaford – Oyster Bay Expressway was shut down from Merrick Road to the Southern State Parkway. Police reported that the tanker broke a rear axle, and skidded, causing it to overturn. The tank ruptured, starting the blaze. The driver, a middle aged	aged	ADJ	man	NOUN	 man
Mercer was wounded three times and died early on June 3; Williams was wounded in the face and head and taken prisoner. At 1: 00pm, German pioneers detonated four mines near the Canadian forward trenches, before the Germans attacked with six battalions, five more	more	ADJ	battalions	NOUN	 battalions
This all led to a WrestleMania XXVII match and a Last Man Standing match at Extreme Rules both of which Punk lost. Punk then spent the next few months involved in filler feuds, often teaming with fellow Nexus members. In June, after pinning WWE Champion John	John	PROPN	Cena	PROPN	 Cena
Gradius, with its iconic protagonist, defined the side scrolling shoot ' em up and spawned a series spanning several sequels. The following year saw the emergence of one of Sega's forefront series with its game Fantasy Zone. The game received acclaim for its surreal graphics	graphics	NOUN	and	CCONJ	 and
At first he was unrepentant but in 2004 he admitted to the BBC that he regretted burning the money. A book entitled K Foundation Burn A Million Quid, edited and compiled by collaborator Chris Brook — was published by Ellipsis Books in 1997, compiling stills from the	the	DET	film	NOUN	 film
In early 2013, reports indicated that HTC was preparing to unveil a Facebook oriented smartphone with the revised codename " Myst "; this mid range device was reportedly pre loaded with a new Facebook developed user interface layer known as " Facebook Home ". Renderings of the	the	DET	new	ADJ	 new
It describes the events leading up to the Nanking Massacre and the atrocities that were committed. The book presents the view that the Japanese government has not done enough to redress the atrocities. It is one of the first major English language books to introduce the Nanking Massacre	Massacre	PROPN	to	ADP	 to
I was glad that this storyline wasn ’ t dragged out too much, as Tom and Lynette were both able to rip off the band aid and let their children know of their new status. " She also enjoyed the addition of the Ben character and hoped that	that	SCONJ	the	DET	 the
The significance of Lichtenstein's choice of the brushstroke as a subject is expressed by analogy: "... the Ben Day dots are to the painting of Lichtenstein what the brushstroke is to Abstract Expressionism: an image of process. " The brushstroke remained a part of his	his	PRON	works	NOUN	 works
This presented an opportunity for Mulder to confront his partner with the fact that he is normally right, resulting in a response from Scully, affirming the fact. Spotnitz called the episode a " wonderful mind game " but was worried that the convoluted story and pace would	would	AUX	confuse	VERB	 confuse
So when he was unexpectedly offered a place on the Beagle expedition, as a gentleman naturalist he was well suited to FitzRoy's aim of having a companion able to examine geology on land while the ship's complement carried out its hydrographic survey. FitzRoy gave Darwin the	the	DET	first	ADJ	 first
Other fish of the abyssal zone include the fishes of the Ipnopidae family, which includes the abyssal spiderfish (Bathypterois longipes), tripodfish (Bathypterois grallator), feeler fish (Bathypterois longifilis), and the black lizardfish (Bathysauropsis gracilis). Some members of this	this	DET	family	NOUN	 family
The wider region has one of the biggest aerospace hubs in the UK, centred on Airbus, Rolls Royce and GKN at Filton airfield. Bristol has a thriving current and historical arts scene. Some of the modern venues and modern digital production companies have merged with legacy	legacy	NOUN	production	NOUN	 production
Immediately after the race, bookmakers offered Ladas at odds of 8 / 13 (0.62 / 1) for the Derby, which was expected to be his next major target. On 23 May Ladas started at odds of 1 / 12 (0.08 / 1) for	for	ADP	the	DET	 the
Thus the Oregon Supreme Court can hear appeals for cases based on both federal and state law. Although the U.S. Supreme Court is the only court that can overturn decisions of the Oregon court, Oregon Supreme Court decisions as to federal law are only binding on other Oregon	Oregon	PROPN	state	NOUN	 state
The expectation was that in spite of the lack of numerical superiority, they would force the Dutch back to the east front of the Fortress Holland or beyond. If the Dutch did not capitulate on the first day, the Eighteenth Army expected to enter the Fortress Holland	Holland	PROPN	on	ADP	 on
It is a two story brick building with an iron roof and 12 panel windows. John Archer was the Inn's first licensee, but by 1863 it was no longer operating and the building was offered for lease. The last licensee was John Jordan in 1873;	;	PUNCT	over	ADP	 over
For those of us that did step onto the Fringe elevator early, it's a great ride, but I can see that it's a difficult proposition to attract new viewers. " Time shifted viewing increased the episode's ratings by 44 percent among adults, resulting	resulting	VERB	in	ADP	 in
The series was heavily followed as it pitted Ovechkin of the Capitals against both Crosby and Malkin, who together finished as the league's top three scorers that season. In the second game, Crosby and Ovechkin recorded matching three goal efforts for their first career playoff hat	hat	NOUN	tricks	NOUN	 tricks
This event creating a sustainable and reliable relationship with the general public is a significant part of THSRC ’ s corporate vision and an important foundation of environmental and social sustainability. Therefore, it will continue making efforts to establish a good partnership with the general public as well	well	ADV	as	ADP	 as
The economy of Puri is dependent on tourism to the extent of about 80 percent. The temple is the focal point of the city and provides employment to the people of the town. Agricultural production of rice, ghee, vegetables and so forth of the region meet	meet	VERB	the	DET	 the
High mountains present barriers to east west movement of the turtles within the province or from Alberta. Some literature has shown isolated populations much further north in British Columbia and Alberta, but these were probably pet releases. In the United States, the western subspecies forms a	a	DET	wide	ADJ	 wide
With the ROK army in retreat, the 766th Regiment, 549th Unit, and KPA's 5th Divisions all advanced steadily south along the eastern roads without encountering much resistance. Across the entire front the North Korean Army had successfully routed the South Koreans and was pushing them	them	PRON	south	ADV	 south
Leaving here on excellent terms with the hierarchy, fantastic memories & many formed friendships. Good luck to all the staff & team for the rest of the season. Thank you ". Pahang FC were equally pleased with his contribution. Club CEO and Vice President Datuk	Datuk	PROPN	Akbar	PROPN	 Akbar
As it became uncertain whether the 26th would be able to force their way across, a company from the 2 / 48th was sent south to use the 24th Brigade's crossing and then advance north along the western bank of the Busu to help secure the brigade's	's	PART	beachhead	NOUN	 beachhead
About 65 percent of the population of Germany was Protestant when the Nazis seized power in 1933. Under the Gleichschaltung process, Hitler attempted to create a unified Protestant Reich Church from Germany's 28 existing Protestant churches, with the ultimate goal of eradication of the churches in	in	ADP	Germany	PROPN	 Germany
4 June 2012 — Seyssins to Saint Vallier, 187 km (116.2 mi) With no fewer than six categorised climbs during the 187 km (116.2 mi) parcours, the first mass start stage was not ideally suited towards the sprinters, but was favourable towards puncheurs	puncheurs	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
The 23rd Battalion was one of those chosen and it was linked with the 21st Battalion to become the 23rd / 21st Battalion, adopting the territorial designation of " The City of Geelong Regiment / The Victoria Rangers ". This battalion undertook garrison duties in the Northern Territory	Territory	PROPN	during	ADP	 during
Python has been successfully embedded in many software products as a scripting language, including in finite element method software such as Abaqus, 3D parametric modeler like FreeCAD, 3D animation packages such as 3ds Max, Blender, Cinema 4D, Lightwave, Houdini, Maya, modo	modo	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
The bridge, designed by American suspension bridge engineer Leon Moisseiff, began construction on November 23, 1938, by the Pacific General Columbia Company, a partnership between three companies that received a $2.88 million grant from the Public Works Administration and a $3.52 million loan	loan	NOUN	from	ADP	 from
Lapidus identifies Juliet Burke (Elizabeth Mitchell) as a " local " and in response to the return of Charlotte, who was being held hostage by John Locke (Terry O'Quinn), flies Desmond Hume (Henry Ian Cusick) and Sayid Jarrah (Naveen Andrews)	)	PUNCT	to	ADP	 to
Instead, Berkman was buried in a common grave in Cochez Cemetery in Nice. Berkman died weeks before the start of the Spanish Revolution, modern history's clearest example of an anarcho syndicalist revolution. In July 1937, Goldman wrote that seeing his principles in practice in	in	ADP	Spain	PROPN	 Spain
Although a few diagrams, pictures and descriptions of this process exist, the fate of the cornerstone is not mentioned. The cornerstone was a 24,500 pound (11,100 kg) marble block 2.5 feet (0.76 m) high and 6.5 feet (2.0 m) square with	with	ADP	a	DET	 a
A further 40 units were ordered — 20 from Strømmens Værksted and 20 license built by Skabo Jernbanevognfabrikk. The various experimental configurations fitted to the prototype trams did not work too well; and instead a conventional motor solution was chosen. The serial units were also not equipped	equipped	VERB	with	ADP	 with
The two part trust structure (primary and secondary trusts) explained by Lord Wilberforce in Quistclose does not appear elsewhere in English trusts law, and the type of trust used affects the rights available to the parties. Quistclose trusts have variously been considered resulting, express or	or	CCONJ	constructive	ADJ	 constructive
Oort noted that there was a peak in numbers of long period comets with aphelia (their farthest distance from the Sun) of roughly 20,000 AU, which suggested a reservoir at that distance with a spherical, isotropic distribution. Those relatively rare comets with orbits of about	about	ADV	10,000	NUM	 10,000
In total, Philipp flew 130 missions over England. His number of aerial victories increased, including his 12th to 15th on 27 September, which led to the presentation of the Honor Goblet of the Luftwaffe (Ehrenpokal der Luftwaffe) on 28 September 1940. He claimed	claimed	VERB	his	PRON	 his
She left Hampton Roads on 9 March 1907, bound for Guantanamo Bay, Cuba. There, she and the rest of the 1st Squadron conducted maneuvers and gunnery training. After the conclusion of these exercises, she returned to the east coast of the United States for	for	ADP	a	DET	 a
Discovered in 1925, rhenium was the last stable element to be discovered. It was named after the river Rhine in Europe. Nickel based superalloys of rhenium are used in the combustion chambers, turbine blades, and exhaust nozzles of jet engines. These alloys contain up	up	ADP	to	PART	 to
Strombidae's taxonomy was extensively revised in the 2000s and a few subgenera, including Eustrombus, were elevated to genus level by some authors. Petuch and Petuch and Roberts recombined this species as Eustrombus gigas, and Landau and collaborators (2008) recombined it as Lobatus gigas	gigas	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
Post fermented tea Teas that are allowed to undergo a second oxidation after the fixation of the tea leaves, such as Pu erh, Liu ' an, and Liubao, are collectively referred to as secondary or post fermentation teas in English. In Chinese they are categorized	categorized	VERB	as	ADP	 as
The rediscovery and reconstruction of Borobudur has been hailed by Indonesian Buddhist as the sign of the Buddhist revival in Indonesia. In 1934, Narada Thera, a missionary monk from Sri Lanka, visited Indonesia for the first time as part of his journey to spread the Dharma	Dharma	PROPN	in	ADP	 in
The Treasury contends that this tax change was crucial to long term economic growth. Brown's 2000 Spending Review outlined a major expansion of government spending, particularly on health and education. In his April 2002 budget, Brown increased National Insurance to pay for health spending.	.	PUNCT	He	PRON	 He
One colleague, E. H. Neville, later remarked that " not one [theorem] could have been set in the most advanced mathematical examination in the world ". On 8 February 1913, Hardy wrote Ramanujan a letter expressing his interest in his work, adding that	that	SCONJ	it	PRON	 it
King John enjoyed regular hunting in the Forest each November, and used St Briavels Castle as his base for such trips. The king entertained the Welsh lord Gruffyd ap Cadwallon at the castle in 1207. This royal interest resulted in further building works and substantial expenditure,	,	PUNCT	with	SCONJ	 with
Pulmonary toxicity occurs only with exposure to partial pressures of oxygen greater than 0.5 bar (50 kPa), corresponding to an oxygen fraction of 50% at normal atmospheric pressure. The earliest signs of pulmonary toxicity begin with evidence of tracheobronchitis, or inflammation of the upper	upper	ADJ	airways	NOUN	 airways
In other cases the town's name has been directly referred to as part of the content of songs and novels. For example, the song Don't call Wagga Wagga Wagga, written by Australian country music artists Greg Champion and Jim Haynes, was a minor hit	hit	NOUN	on	ADP	 on
Melanie Brown is shown singing on top of a tank strapped with ammunition in an industrial post apocalyptic war scene in a segment based on the film Mad Max. Emma Bunton is shown in a bedroom dressed in white pyjamas while objects float around her on their own;	;	PUNCT	her	PRON	 her
Subsequently, in game 3 of the 2008 World Series, Ruiz tapped a ground ball up the third base line for a walk off infield single, the first in MLB history. Ruiz noted, " I heard them cheering. And that's when I knew,	,	PUNCT	'	PUNCT	 '
Concerned that a lack of artillery would make the presidio at Goliad impossible to capture, the central committee chose not to order an assault. Although Fannin, Dimmitt, and Linn continued to push for an attack on Goliad, Texian attention soon shifted towards Gonzales, where	where	SCONJ	a	DET	 a
The zinc vapor is collected in a condenser. The equations below describe this process: 2 ZnO + C → 2 Zn + CO 2 ZnO + CO → Zn + CO 2 In electrowinning, zinc is leached from the ore concentrate by sulfuric acid: ZnO +	+	CCONJ	H	PROPN	 H
When Raynor and Findlay seek Kerrigan in the ruins, she is found to have mostly returned to her human form, with only her hair remaining Zerg like. However, Raynor is forced to kill Findlay when he attempts to assassinate Kerrigan, under orders from his "	"	PUNCT	benefactor	NOUN	 benefactor
It is migratory, ranging from mid Alberta to North Carolina during the breeding season, and from just south of the Canadian border to Mexico during the winter. The only finch in its subfamily to undergo a complete molt, the American goldfinch displays sexual dimorphism in its	its	PRON	coloration	NOUN	 coloration
The store also included an audio CD with four vocal tracks from the game: the opening song from Cross Generation of Heroes, " Across the Border ", sung by Asami Abe; Ultimate All Stars ' English re recording of this song, sung by Anna Gholston	Gholston	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
It has also been referred to as the Underground Great Wall since it was built for the purpose of military defense. The complex was constructed from 1969 to 1979 in anticipation of a nuclear war with the Soviet Union, as Sino Soviet relations worsened and was officially reopened	reopened	VERB	in	ADP	 in
The highway then turns southeast, passing north of Moffett, with two interchanges serving SH 64D, which heads north to Dora, Arkansas, and Grand Boulevard, which heads south into Moffett. US 64 then crosses the Arkansas River a fourth time, the final crossing	crossing	NOUN	in	ADP	 in
He helped Laisterdyke win the League championship in 1913, before moving to Wakefield for the 1914 season, where he took 98 wickets at an average of 12.00. He played for Yorkshire Second XI in August 1914, alongside future First XI teammates Herbert Sutcliffe and Cec Tyson	Tyson	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
San Francisco also has the highest percentage of same sex households of any American county, with the Bay Area having a higher concentration than any other metropolitan area. San Francisco ranks third of American cities in median household income with a 2007 value of $65,519. Median	Median	ADJ	family	NOUN	 family
He argued that Manstein was not compelled to disobey orders given by his sovereign government, even if such orders were illegal. Manstein, speaking in his defence, stated that he found the Nazi racial policy to be repugnant. Sixteen other witnesses testified that Manstein had no	no	DET	knowledge	NOUN	 knowledge
Time news magazine reported that statistically the " nonskeds " in general were " more than 30 times as dangerous " in the number of fatalities per passenger mile as the scheduled airlines in 1961. According to Time, the U.S. military had been effectively forced to rely on	on	ADP	nonskeds	NOUN	 nonskeds
And so be it. " His 1981 rushing performance against the Spartans still stands as the fifth best single game performance by a Wolverine running back. Woolfolk was named the Most Valuable Player in both of Michigan's two bowl game appearances in 1981. During the January	January	PROPN	1981	NUM	 1981
The work won a Community Rail Award. Customer help points with next train information screens were installed during 2008 / 09, paid for by money from the Department for Transport's " Access for All " fund and local councils. Ticket machines were installed in early 2011	2011	NUM	,	PUNCT	,
The Persian Rugs was me doing a complete ‘ 60s revival sort of thing. Also, in a funny way, it was my own sort of version of retaliating at all the critics who always harped on the Gurus ’ ‘ 60s influences: ‘ You want to	to	PART	hear	VERB	 hear
By 1930, a highway in the location of NC 2A was added to the Moore County Highway System as a class C road, a county highway of the lowest importance. The entire length of the route was graded with an earthen surface, as was much of	of	ADP	the	DET	 the
Organ pipes are made from either wood or metal and produce sound (" speak ") when air under pressure (" wind ") is directed through them. As one pipe produces a single pitch, multiple pipes are necessary to accommodate the musical scale. The	The	PRON	greater	ADJ	 greater
The base continued to remain on a high state of alert until the following morning, as efforts to identify the unidentified aircraft through the Maine State Police, local police departments, and the Houlton Federal Aviation Administration office remained elusive. The next night at 1945 hrs,	,	PUNCT	a	DET	 a
Dani Moonstar personally recruits Anole to the Young X Men team by visiting him at his new home. Anole is still apprehensive, maintaining his views from Divided We Stand, but is persuaded to join the team when Dani tells him that the X Men have relocated to	to	ADP	San	PROPN	 San
Only Madrid and a few other strongholds remained for the Republican forces. On 5 March 1939, the Republican army, led by the Colonel Segismundo Casado and the politician Julián Besteiro, rose against the prime minister Juan Negrín and formed the National Defence Council (Consejo Nacional	Nacional	PROPN	de	X	 de
The locomotive of the freight train was derailed towards 70052's train and tore out the sides of three passenger coaches. Part of the slide assembly was redesigned, and was fitted as the locomotives were routinely " shopped ". Western Region based examples had hand / foot	foot	NOUN	holds	VERB	 holds
The Giro started in Palermo, on 16 May, with a 6.6 km (4.1 mi) prologue and concluded in Lucca, on 9 June, with a 48 km (29.8 mi) individual time trial. A total of 180 riders from twenty teams entered the	the	DET	22	NUM	 22
Hamlin, the points leader before the race, led the most laps with a total of 190. On lap 298, Hamlin made a pit stop and became a lap behind. He didn't return to the first ten positions afterward. Edwards maintained the lead to	to	PART	win	VERB	 win
His father, the previous earl and a loyal Lancastrian, was executed for a failed plot to assassinate Edward IV. The Yorkist king tried to secure the loyalty of Oxford by knighting him and pardoning his transgressions. This tactic failed; Oxford remained true to the Lancastrian	Lancastrian	ADJ	crown	NOUN	 crown
On the other hand, viewers said the show's portrayal of government bureaucracy was " very believable " and had the potential to generate amusing situations. While Poehler's character drew mixed comments, the actress herself was " well liked ". The early feedback left many	many	ADJ	critics	NOUN	 critics
It was enough; I forgot myself, I was Mad Margaret and no one else. I made an immense success. " Cellier and Bridgeman seconded this assessment: There were two particularly noteworthy features in the performance of ' Ruddigore. ' First to be mentioned was	was	AUX	the	DET	 the
The team came to an end when Kendrick was drafted back to the SmackDown brand as part of the 2008 WWE Supplemental Draft in June. The following month, London was briefly involved in a storyline between Shawn Michaels, and Chris Jericho and Lance Cade, when Jericho	Jericho	PROPN	and	CCONJ	 and
There is no account of Revithi's life following the marathon. Although some newspapers printed articles about her story in the build up to the marathon, these reports did not follow up on her life after the race. It is not known whether she met Philimon or	or	CCONJ	if	SCONJ	 if
By December 2013, Madonna's manager Guy Oseary commented that the singer was " eager to get started " on her next album. However, she had another project in mind - developing the screenplay for the Andrew Sean Greer novel, The Impossible Lives of Greta Wells	Wells	PROPN	.	PUNCT	.
The Wall Street Journal characterized the Rally as a " send up " of the Washington Restoring Honor rally led by Glenn Beck and the " Reclaim the Dream " commemorative march led by Al Sharpton on August 28, 2010. The Canadian Press called the Stewart / Colbert	Colbert	PROPN	rallies	VERB	 rallies
Several Australian martial art school founders received their foundational taekwondo training in Rhee's school. Rhee Taekwon Do is an independent martial art organisation. It was once affiliated to the International Taekwon Do Federation (ITF), but has had no relation to the World Taekwondo Federation	Federation	PROPN	(	PUNCT	 (
The Chileans sold their oldest protected cruiser, Esmeralda, in late 1894 to finance the order of an armored cruiser. This materialized in May 1895 with a new Esmeralda, along with four torpedo boats; a Brazilian protected cruiser, Ministro Zenteno, was purchased while under	under	ADP	construction	NOUN	 construction
Henriques suggested that as Mason was older, intellectually superior, and the owner of a flourishing plantation as Washington struggled to establish Mount Vernon, it would not have been in the future president's character to be close to Mason. Washington had a deep respect for Mason	Mason	PROPN	's	PART	's
The route finally began construction in 1982, and in 1989 the MassDPW was forced to pay Ingersoll $2.6 million (1982 USD) for 90 acres (36 ha) of farmland seized for the expressway's construction. In 1987, the final 7.5 mile (12	12	NUM	km	NOUN	 km
Fishery catches of smooth hammerheads are difficult to quantify due to a frequent lack of distinction between them and other large hammerheads. The meat is sold fresh, dried and salted, or smoked, though in most markets it is considered undesirable and there are reports of poisoning	poisoning	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
It had numerous operational limitations, including a maximum range that increased with the aircraft's altitude and a minimum range that was barely close enough to allow the pilot to see the target. It was only with the increasing proficiency of the crews, along with the installation	installation	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
Although the number is more difficult to measure in higher eukaryotes, mice and humans are estimated to have around 2000 essential genes (~ 10% of their genes). The synthetic organism, Syn 3, has a minimal genome of 473 essential genes and quasi essential	essential	ADJ	genes	NOUN	 genes
Roman society had multiple, overlapping social hierarchies that modern concepts of " class " in English may not represent accurately. The two decades of civil war from which Augustus rose to sole power left traditional society in Rome in a state of confusion and upheaval, but did	did	AUX	not	PART	 not
By 1986, the Lexus marque was created to support the launch of the flagship sedan, and the vehicle became known as the Lexus LS. Following eight design reviews, subsequent revisions, concept approval in September 1986, and over US $1 billion in development expenses	expenses	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
" In a more mixed review, Fraser McAlpine of BBC Music rated " Come Back to Me " three stars out of five and commented that the song sounded unoriginal and said that several other songs appeared to have been " mashed together " to create it. Furthermore	Furthermore	ADV	,	PUNCT	,
Another neighbor, Ellen Adderly, the wife of Sheriff Phil Adderly, is approached by Jenny and then sees a raven before the window of a nearby car shatters. At the Crittendon home, Michelle sees the raven outside her window again and Howard leaves to check it	it	PRON	out	ADP	 out
After losing 14 games and finishing last in the NHA in 1914 – 15, Vézina and the Canadiens won 16 games during the 1915 – 16 season, placing the team first in the league. As league leaders, the Canadiens earned the right to play in the	the	DET	1916	NUM	 1916
And he clearly refers to this entity having an intellect that humans somehow share in, which helps humans see the true natures or forms of things without relying purely on sense perception of physical things, including living species. This understanding of nature, and Aristotle's arguments	arguments	NOUN	against	ADP	 against
The paintings also depict Klu (Naga) demigods with a human head and the body of a serpent, which are said to reside in lakes (said to denote that they are guarding the hidden treasures). Allegorically, they mean to represent the spiritual holy writings	writings	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
King Stephen had died in October 1154, bringing to an end the long dispute with the Empress Matilda which had helped Anarawd, Cadell and Maredudd to extend their rule in Deheubarth. With disunity within the realm no longer a problem, the new king of England,	,	PUNCT	Henry	PROPN	 Henry
She points out that mockingbirds simply provide pleasure with their songs, saying, " They don't do one thing but sing their hearts out for us. " Writer Edwin Bruell summarized the symbolism when he wrote in 1964, " ' To kill a mockingbird ' is	is	AUX	to	PART	 to
' " A mixed review was given by Andy Gill of The Independent who said that " the vocal editing on ' Start Over ' is far too sloppy, confirming again that a series of individual flourishes doesn't pass muster as a performance. " David Amidon of	of	ADP	PopMatters	PROPN	 PopMatters
The Evil That Men Do: FBI Profiler Roy Hazelwood's Journey into the Minds of Sexual Predators. St. Martin's True Crime. ISBN 0 312 97060 9. - Roy Hazelwood, a former member of the FBI's Behavioral Science Unit, in this book defends	defends	VERB	his	PRON	 his
Cells that produce steroid hormones can acquire cholesterol through two paths. The main source is through dietary cholesterol transported via the blood as cholesterol esters within low density lipoproteins (LDL). LDL enters the cells through receptor mediated endocytosis. The other source of cholesterol is synthesis	synthesis	NOUN	in	ADP	 in
" Yancey returned to his paper in March 1839, but sold it a couple of months later when he moved to Wetumpka in Elmore County, Alabama. While his intent was to resume his life as a planter, Yancey suffered a huge financial reversal when his slaves	slaves	NOUN	were	AUX	 were
Fingleton started as a sports reporter, and had a narrow escape when he was sacked by Robert Clyde Packer for breaking a pot, but then reinstated. Fingleton then risked being fired by removing cricket articles written by the famed Neville Cardus from the newspaper's archive against	against	ADP	policy	NOUN	 policy
Menem intended to use the reconciliation of these historical Argentine figures as a metaphor for the reconciliation of the Dirty War. However, although the repatriation and acceptance of Rosas was a success, the acceptance of the military regime was not. The military leaders of the National	National	PROPN	Reorganization	PROPN	 Reorganization
The music staff at Morley was augmented by the recruitment of refugee musicians from Europe, including Walter Bergmann, Mátyás Seiber, and Walter Goehr who took charge of the college orchestra. A Child of Our Time was finished in 1941 and put aside with no immediate prospects	prospects	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
In June 1953, the 2nd Battalion conducted a series of successful raids about two and a half miles southeast of Jackson Heights and in November the regiment successfully counter attacked enemy units in the Numsong Valley and held their positions until the armistice was reached. Many non Puerto	Puerto	PROPN	Rican	ADJ	 Rican
The ovations for the play The Cherry Orchard in the year of his death served to demonstrate the Russian public's acclaim for the writer, which placed him second in literary celebrity only to Tolstoy, who outlived him by six years. Tolstoy was an early admirer of	of	ADP	Chekhov	PROPN	 Chekhov
On 25 October 1973, the Akigssek (" Grouse "), an Air Greenland S 61N (registration OY HAI), crashed about 40 kilometers (25 mi) south of Nuuk, resulting in the loss of 15 lives. It was en route to Paamiut	Paamiut	PROPN	from	ADP	 from
Veronica gets an invitation to Norris's house, but she doesn't find any weapons. Veronica calls Mac to help her break into the WiFi before she sees Pete in front of the house. The ATF searches Norris's vehicle and finds fertilizer and a rifle,	,	PUNCT	despite	SCONJ	 despite
The airmen were informed on 13 July that they would attack Kaafjord in four days time. The British fleet left Scapa Flow as a single group on 14 July. During the voyage north, the airmen received detailed briefings on the attack plans and terrain around Kaafjord and	and	CCONJ	were	AUX	 were
Published in March 2008, and tying in with the concurrently airing second series of Torchwood, Gwen appears in the novels Trace Memory, The Twilight Streets, and Something in the Water. Gwen's first day with Andy Davidson as her beat partner is portrayed in a	a	DET	flashback	NOUN	 flashback
Back at the Griffins ' home, Peter wraps up the story as the power comes back on. Everyone thanks Peter for keeping them entertained, although Chris points out that Robot Chicken already told that story. " Blue Harvest " originally aired on September 23, 2007	2007	NUM	,	PUNCT	,
If grown and processed correctly, it has negative emission, pulling CO2 out of the atmosphere, rather than adding it. In contrast, the report found that U.S. use of maize for biofuel is less efficient, as sugarcane can lead to emissions reductions of between 70	70	NUM	%	NOUN	%
But Bruyn's remained a minority opinion, the suggestion of Drost's authorship is now generally rejected, and the Frick itself never changed its own attribution, the label still reading " Rembrandt " and not " attributed to " or " school of ". More recent	recent	ADJ	opinion	NOUN	 opinion
Five seven The original Five seven was introduced in 1998, and it is now discontinued. It had no manual safety device and it was double action only, with a heavy trigger pull of 4.5 to 6.5 daN (10 to 14 lbF); its double action	action	NOUN	only	ADV	 only
He was a mentor to me from that point on. " During the summer of 1958, Bánáthy recruited two patrols of boys to take part. Chiorini was recruited to serve as senior patrol leader. There wasn't much discussion of leadership competencies to start. Bánáthy	Bánáthy	PROPN	seemed	VERB	 seemed
Amid a generally favorable environment, the depression intensified into Tropical Storm Arthur at 12: 00 UTC that same day and further to a Category 1 hurricane by 00: 00 UTC on July 3. An approaching mid level trough directed the storm north northeastward as it continued	continued	VERB	to	PART	 to
In 1878, Edison noted that, when played backwards, " the song is still melodious in many cases, and some of the strains are sweet and novel, but altogether different from the song reproduced in the right way ". The backwards playing of records was	was	AUX	advised	VERB	 advised
Dunstan was opposed to uranium mining but he was seen as lacking in conviction by environmentalists, as well as being criticised by industrialists. By May, his approval rating had fallen to 57%, down from 80% just two years earlier, while unemployment increased.	.	PUNCT	It	PRON	 It
These were attempts to revive the genre of medieval romance, and written in imitation of medieval prose. Morris's prose style in these novels has been praised by Edward James, who described them as " among the most lyrical and enchanting fantasies in the English language.	.	PUNCT	"	PUNCT	 "
During the run of the Batman television series, DC editorial was approached about adding a female character back into the Batman family. Revising the character history and motivation, Julius Schwartz created Barbara Gordon. This character held the role of Batgirl from 1967 to 1988 when she	she	PRON	was	AUX	 was
On 22 June 1941, the Wehrmacht commenced Operation Barbarossa, the invasion of the Soviet Union. The Luftwaffe order of battle of 22 June 1941 contained four dive bomber wings. VIII. Fliegerkorps under the command of General der Flieger Wolfram von Richthofen was equipped with units	units	NOUN	Stab	PROPN	 Stab
80 were killed and 411 injured, among them officers, activists, and civilians, including children. Morales did not take an active role in the conflict, instead traveling to Libya and Switzerland, there describing the uprising as a " peaceful revolution in progress. "	"	PUNCT	The	DET	 The
The song was played in its entirety during the ending credits for the 2003 film Confidence and was also featured on the TV shows The Sopranos, Third Watch, Hindsight, and Family Guy. In late 2003, the song was used in a trailer for the movie	movie	NOUN	Peter	PROPN	 Peter
Part of a sound commonly associated with Harrison during the early 1970s, these characteristics were also elements of his 1971 production of Badfinger's " Day After Day " and Lon & Derrek Van Eaton's " Sweet Music ". Author Robert Rodriguez describes the recording as "	"	PUNCT	Spector	NOUN	 Spector
Before they got there, they were intercepted by Church officials and ordered to return to Clearwater. She spent three weeks under guard, at one point writing in a letter to her mother that if she was not released she " would take whatever steps necessary, like	like	ADP	slitting	VERB	 slitting
Barrett made his first appearance of the 2010 – 11 season in the second game, starting in a 0 – 0 draw at Grimsby Town on 17 August 2010. He scored his first goal of the season with an effort from six yards out to score the final	final	ADJ	goal	NOUN	 goal
" Mary Elizabeth " Betty " Taylor (1824 – 1909), married William Wallace Smith Bliss in 1848 (he died 1853), married Philip Pendleton Dandridge in 1858. Richard Scott " Dick " Taylor (1826 – 1879), Confederate Army general, married	married	ADJ	Louise	PROPN	 Louise
Finishing the season 51 – 31, they clinched their first Northwest Division title since 1999, but fell to the Grizzlies in five games in the first round of the playoffs. In the 2015 NBA draft, the Blazers selected Arizona forward Rondae Hollis Jefferson and subsequently traded	traded	VERB	him	PRON	 him
Though originally intended for theatrical release, the film failed to find theatrical distribution. It was first screened at the Cannes Film Festival in 1994, then broadcast in Britain on BBC Two on 11 November 1995. It was released on video in the United States under the	the	DET	alternate	ADJ	 alternate
Although Gore was considered the party favorite, Bradley received a number of high profile endorsements, including senators Paul Wellstone, Bob Kerrey, and Daniel Patrick Moynihan; former Secretary of Labor Robert Reich; former New York City mayor Ed Koch; former Federal Reserve chairman Paul	Paul	PROPN	Volcker	PROPN	 Volcker
" The later sections speculate about the future evolution of this system, arguing that it will inevitably lead to the end of human freedom, call for a " revolution against technology, " and attempt to indicate how that might be accomplished. In his opening and closing	closing	NOUN	sections	NOUN	 sections
Although Poles were much more skeptical than they had been in 1956, Gierek was believed to be an honest and well intentioned man, and his promises bought him some time. He used this time to create a new economic program, one based on large scale borrowing	borrowing	NOUN	from	ADP	 from
The eBook includes two chapters of Fyre, the final book in the series. Septimus Heap: The Magykal Papers (published in June 2009) is a supplement to the series in a full colour larger format with illustrations by Mark Zug. Angie Sage said in an	an	DET	interview	NOUN	 interview
In fact, many made English translations of Routhier's words; however, the most popular version was created in 1908 by Robert Stanley Weir, a lawyer and Recorder of the City of Montreal. A slightly modified version was officially published for the Diamond Jubilee of Confederation	Confederation	PROPN	in	ADP	 in
Einstein's 1905 predictions were verified experimentally in several ways in the first two decades of the 20th century, as recounted in Robert Millikan's Nobel lecture. However, before Compton's experiment showed that photons carried momentum proportional to their wave number (1922), most	most	ADJ	physicists	NOUN	 physicists
They wanted Adam to be more animated and energetic than Tom. Writer Howard Brenton wanted him to have an MI6 background, and have something awful happen to him in the past. Brenton invented the backstory of Syria early on into the third series, which he wanted	wanted	VERB	to	PART	 to
However, following the release of Frozen and popularity of its heroines Elsa and Anna, even though neither of them are officially part of the line up, Belle became the lowest selling Disney Princess on eBay in 2013, with sales of less than $7,000 despite the	the	DET	fact	NOUN	 fact
The brigade was in reserve for the subsequent First Battle of Passchendaele, and, apart from a brief period in training, would remain in the Ypres sector until January. He was mentioned in despatches for his work with the 4th Infantry Brigade while it was on the	the	DET	front	ADJ	 front
Canada finished the tournament in fifth place. Following his release from the Los Angeles Kings in 2008, Cloutier joined his brother Sylvain Cloutier's coaching staff on the Central Hockey League (CHL) ' s Corpus Christi IceRays as a de facto assistant coach. He served	served	VERB	in	ADP	 in
He spent the last years of his life in Hilton Head, South Carolina and at his summer home in Maine. He died on November 28, 1993. Moore was born Thomas Garrison Morfit, III on January 31, 1915, in Baltimore, Maryland, the	the	DET	son	NOUN	 son
However, in his Essay on Typography, he proposed that his version was " perhaps an improvement " and more " fool proof " than Johnston's. Johnston and Gill had drifted apart by the beginning of the 1920s, something Gill's groundbreaking biographer Fiona MacCarthy describes	describes	VERB	as	ADP	 as
Off the United States, the fishing of the blacknose shark is regulated by the U.S. National Marine Fisheries Service 1993 Fisheries Management Plan (FMP) for Atlantic and Gulf of Mexico sharks. For the purposes of commercial quotas and bag limits, the blacknose shark is classified	classified	VERB	within	ADP	 within
' " Frank Lovece of Film Journal International, one of few mainstream critics to have read the comic book miniseries, said that the film compared poorly with the source material. Noting that the hero in the comic goes even further, " breaking the fourth wall and	and	CCONJ	positioning	VERB	 positioning
Since its opening in 1999, it hosted six Great Britain internationals. Since the Great Britain national rugby league team has split into individual home nations, it has hosted three England internationals. The stadium's surroundings are mostly urban, as it is located in the north	north	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
Alexios I, who had requested only some western knights to serve as mercenaries to help fight the Seljuk Turks, blockaded these armies in the city and would not permit them to leave until their leaders swore oaths promising to restore to the Empire any land formerly belonging to	to	ADP	it	PRON	 it
It is also popular in the entertainment field being used in the opening of the Tom Leykis radio show, and for the entrance music of Larry the Cable Guy during his Comedy Central Roast. In 2010, the song was parodied by The Fringemunks to recap Fringe episode	episode	NOUN	2.14	NUM	 2.14
This incident, part of the Black Hawk War, resulted in the deaths of two men; a third man survived by seeking cover in a nearby blockhouse. In the aftermath of the raid, Captain James W. Stephenson set out to pursue the attackers — a straggling	straggling	VERB	band	NOUN	 band
The farm's blacksmith, wheelwright, harness shops and other buildings were located around that barn, and a smokehouse and butcher's shop were on site. Barns B (housing 78 cattle) and C (housing 118 cattle) were at the south end of Dalmeny	Dalmeny	PROPN	Road	PROPN	 Road
During the war the men and vessels of the RAN served in every theatre of operations, from the tropical Pacific to the frigid Russian convoys and grew exponentially. The table illustrates the growth of the RAN between the outbreak of war on 3 September 1939 and 30 June	June	PROPN	1945	NUM	 1945
This may explain why in 1751, when he became a member of the Stationers ' Company, he started buying other artists ' plates and publishing them in addition to his own. Ordinarily an engraver, such as William Hogarth, had his own shop or took his	his	PRON	finished	VERB	 finished
An independent panel of inquiry commissioned by the Pat Finucane Centre has established that among the weapons actually used in the killings were two Sterling 9 mm submachine guns and a 9 mm Luger pistol serial no. U 4. The submachine guns, which had been stolen years	years	NOUN	earlier	ADV	 earlier
The second and third mine hits came after nightfall, which enabled both vessels to avoid further attacks. The last RAF sighting of the ships had occurred at 18: 00 GMT. It is unclear exactly who was responsible for the damage on the German ships. It	It	PRON	is	AUX	 is
When such a train of stimuli was applied, subsequent single pulse stimuli elicited stronger, prolonged EPSPs in the postsynaptic cell population. This phenomenon, whereby a high frequency stimulus could produce a long lived enhancement in the postsynaptic cells ' response to subsequent single pulse stimuli,	,	PUNCT	was	AUX	 was
It remained a tropical storm over land for nearly 24 hours before weakening to a tropical depression later that day. While drifting southwestward over land, Arthur weakened further, and the National Hurricane Center issued its last advisory on the system late on June 1. By June	June	PROPN	4	NUM	 4
Robert Greville, 2nd Baron Brooke, was a Parliamentarian, and Royalist forces laid siege to the castle. Warwick Castle withstood the siege and was later used to hold prisoners taken by the Parliamentarians. The conversion of the castle coincided with a period of decline in the	the	DET	use	NOUN	 use
Sarah is angry at Zoë for using her but they later make up. Sarah breaks up with Lydia when she catches her kissing ex girlfriend Charlotte Lau (Amy Yamazaki). Lydia grows increasingly jealous of Sarah and Zoë's friendship. Lydia trouble between Sarah and Charlotte	Charlotte	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
The UCR and the Frepaso united as a political coalition, the Alliance for Work, Justice and Education, led by Alfonsín, Fernando de la Rúa and Rodolfo Terragno from the UCR, and Carlos Álvarez and Graciela Fernández Meijide from the Frepaso. The coalition won the	the	DET	1997	NUM	 1997
Morales was personally involved in this direct activism and in 1984 was present at a roadblock where 3 campesinos were killed. In 1988, Morales was elected to the position of Executive Secretary of the Federation of the Tropics. In 1989 he spoke at a one year commemoratory	commemoratory	NOUN	event	NOUN	 event
Japanese Army in World War II: The South Pacific and New Guinea, 1942 – 43. Dr. Duncan Anderson (consultant editor). Oxford and New York: Osprey. ISBN 1 84176 870 7. Smith, Michael T. (2000). Bloody Ridge:	:	PUNCT	The	DET	 The
In 1745, the Jacobite lairds on the islands ensured that Orkney remained pro Jacobite in outlook, and was a safe place to land supplies from Spain to aid their cause. Orkney was the last place in the British Isles that held out for the Jacobites and was	was	AUX	not	PART	 not
The sides of the conning tower were 351 millimeters (13.8 in) thick. Additionally, the vessel contained 737 watertight compartments (574 underneath the armor deck, 163 above) to preserve buoyancy in the event of battle damage. During her first reconstruction Yamashiro's armor	armor	NOUN	was	AUX	 was
In that real life trial, a Baltimore detective misspeaks during his testimony and nearly jeopardizes the outcome of the case. This is mirrored by the actions of Kay Howard, who accidentally says the victim was dead at least 24 hours when she meant to say 12 hours	hours	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
Colonel Barrett eventually began to recover control. He moved some of the militia back to the hilltop 300 yards (274 m) away and sent Major Buttrick with others across the bridge to a defensive position on a hill behind a stone wall. Lieutenant Colonel Smith heard	heard	VERB	the	DET	 the
When all deciduous teeth have erupted, the sheep has 20 teeth. Mature sheep have 32 teeth. As with other ruminants, the front teeth in the lower jaw bite against a hard, toothless pad in the upper jaw. These are used to pick off vegetation	vegetation	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
He was said to have gotten along well with other prisoners and served as best man at weddings for some that he met there. In April 1999, on the eve of the retrial of the federal case, Keating entered a plea agreement. He admitted to having	having	AUX	committed	VERB	 committed
In practice, use of a non fragmenting bullet and proper cleaning of the game animal's wound can eliminate the risk of lead ingestion from eating game; however, isolating such practice to experimentally determine its association with blood lead levels in study is difficult. Bismuth is	is	AUX	an	DET	 an
This gave Pellew the opportunity to engage the enemy even more closely and by 07: 00 the French wheel had been destroyed, four successive helmsmen killed and the mizenmast snapped off 12 feet (3.7 m) above the deck. This damage caused the French ship to	to	PART	swing	VERB	 swing
If the provision becomes law, the Mint intends to strike the collector's coins from.999 silver. Alloy which is.900 fine is now being used by the Mint only for these pieces;.999 silver, which is also used for bullion pieces, would be cheaper for the Mint to	to	PART	produce	VERB	 produce
Chapter two, " Imperial Grand Strategy ", looks at the U.S. government's belief that it should take part in " preventative war " against states who threaten its global hegemony, despite the illegality of these actions under international law. Chomsky argues that the targets of	of	ADP	U.S.	PROPN	 U.S.
Lavaca Bay hosts a wide range of finfish including Black drum, Flounder, Redfish, Sheepshead and Speckled trout, however it suffers from mercury pollution. An Alcoa plant in Point Comfort dumped an estimated 67 pounds (30 kg) of mercury into the bay per day	day	NOUN	in	ADP	 in
As a cricketer, Allen was affected by his lack of regular play and was at his most effective during his two tours of Australia when he was able to build up his form. At other times, his bowling was often erratic but occasionally devastating. An orthodox	orthodox	ADJ	batsman	NOUN	 batsman
Developing the gameplay began at the start of development, with a test environment being built to develop and refine the basics of the battle system. Work within the test build spanned approximately one and a half years. While creating the battle system, the staff decided that	that	SCONJ	the	DET	 the
However, the NHC decided not to name the system Vince at the time, because the water temperature was too low for normal development for a tropical cyclone. The storm gradually gained the tropical characteristics of symmetry and a warm inner core and became a tropical storm the	the	DET	next	ADJ	 next
" Priore argued that the song served as a forerunner to later works such as Marvin Gaye's What's Going On (1971) and Isaac Hayes ' Shaft (1971) which presented soul music in a similar, multi textured context imbued with ethereal sonic landscapes.	.	PUNCT	Tom	PROPN	 Tom
After his death, she was appointed regent until the restoration of Constantine I the following month. After the defeat of the Greeks in the Greco Turkish War of 1919 – 22 the Greek royal family were again exiled and Olga spent the last years of her life in	in	ADP	the	DET	 the
During the Tang, he was granted the title " Supremely Mysterious and Primordial Emperor " (太上玄元皇帝, Táishāng Xuānyuán Huángdì). In the mid twentieth century, a consensus emerged among scholars that the historicity of the person known as Laozi is doubtful and that the Tao	Tao	PROPN	Te	PROPN	 Te
Ruffalo, who was considered to play Banner in The Incredible Hulk before Edward Norton took the role, was cast after negotiations between Marvel and Norton broke down. About replacing Norton, Ruffalo said, " I'm a friend of Ed's, and yeah, that	that	PRON	was	AUX	 was
Sing admitted that this was partially true as Odex had hired anime fans to do subtitling in 2004 who had taken " the easy way out and copied word for word the subtitles on fansubs they downloaded ". Sing explained that when Odex released its anime, the company	company	NOUN	did	AUX	 did
He reawakens in the trunk and begins screaming uncontrollably, which causes the kidnapper to stab him. He stops at a gas station where Casey gets an idea to crawl out of the trunk and scream at an active worker for help. The worker attempts to bust the	the	DET	door	NOUN	 door
As a result of the fighting Australian losses were 32 killed, 59 wounded and three captured, while Canadian casualties included 10 killed and 23 wounded. American casualties included three men killed, 12 wounded and two tanks destroyed, all from A Company, 72nd Heavy Tank	Tank	PROPN	Battalion	PROPN	 Battalion
In 1914, the US Department of Agriculture began to fund cooperative extension services through the land grant college of each state, and Cornell expanded its impact by sending agents to spread knowledge in each county of New York State. Although Syracuse had started awarding forestry degrees at	at	ADP	this	DET	 this
The game's opening cinematic was produced by Visual Works, Square Enix's in house CGI development company. All the in game models were first created in high resolution form using a 3D sculpturing program, then readjusted so they could appear in the game with a lower	lower	ADJ	polygon	NOUN	 polygon
" Blassingame asserts that historians have discussed " what could be generally described as slave ' culture, ' but give little solid information on life in the quarters. " He argues that culture developed within the slave community independent of the slaveowners ' influence. Blassingame notes,	,	PUNCT	"	PUNCT	 "
A voltage applied between tool and mould causes spark erosion of the mould surface in the inverse shape of the electrode. The number of cavities incorporated into a mould will directly correlate in moulding costs. Fewer cavities require far less tooling work, so limiting the number of	of	ADP	cavities	NOUN	 cavities
He later began planning and executing seizures again, and he further fortified the Boston peninsula. After the Powder Alarm, militia forces throughout New England were more cautious with their supplies and more intent on gaining information about Gage's plans and troop movements. Paul Revere played	played	VERB	a	DET	 a
, primarily because of the lower cost. The Navy ordered five boats on 1 February 1913. The U 7 class was seen by the Austro Hungarian Navy as an improved version of its U 3 class, which was also a Germaniawerft design. As designed for the	the	DET	Austro	PROPN	 Austro
The first ten, with Westinghouse equipment, entered service in 1906. These ' camel back ' bogie locomotives had a central cab, weighed 50 tons, and had four 215 hp (160 kW) traction motors The second type were built to a box car design	design	NOUN	with	ADP	 with
Later that day, the first cracked HD DVD, Serenity, was uploaded on a private torrent tracker. The AACS LA confirmed on January 26 that the title keys on certain HD DVDs had been published without authorization. Doom9.org forum user arnezami found and published the "	"	PUNCT	09	NUM	 09
Australia has the third and seventh highest life expectancy of males and females respectively in the world. Life expectancy in Australia in 2010 was 79.5 years for males and 84.0 years for females. Australia has the highest rates of skin cancer in the world, while cigarette smoking	smoking	NOUN	is	AUX	 is
In this communique the organization warns that they had opened two fronts, in Puerto Rico and the United States respectively, the goal of these were to organize a People's Revolutionary Army which they expected would " rid Puerto Rico of Yanki colonialism ". Both fronts were	were	AUX	supported	VERB	 supported
Injuries to Ryan Sidebottom, Graham Onions and Broad prompted England to call up Steven Finn as cover for the Test series, and Tim Bresnan remained with the squad after originally only being part of the ODI squad. In contrast to the selection issues and injury problems surrounding	surrounding	VERB	England	PROPN	 England
Jeter announced on his Facebook page on February 12, 2014, that the 2014 season would be his last. During his final season, each opposing team honored Jeter with a gift during his final visit to their city, which has included donations to Jeter's charity	charity	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
Thomas Jefferson would later write of the profound effect that these two books had on him: " I have read his Corruptions of Christianity, and Early Opinions of Jesus, over and over again; and I rest on them... as the basis of my own faith	faith	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
This route - often under the presence of hostile tribes - also finds mention in the works of Rashid al Din Hamadani. The Grand Trunk Road - connecting Chittagong in Bangladesh to Peshawar in Pakistan - has existed for over two and a half millennia. One of the	the	DET	important	ADJ	 important
Over 6,000 people survived the blast and fire, but died of radiation injuries. Among injured survivors, 30% had radiation injuries from which they recovered, but with a lifelong increase in cancer risk. To date, no radiation related evidence of heritable diseases has been	been	AUX	observed	VERB	 observed
All but two of the Grand Masters died in office, and several died during military campaigns. For example, during the Siege of Ascalon in 1153, Grand Master Bernard de Tremelay led a group of 40 Templars through a breach in the city walls. When the	the	DET	rest	NOUN	 rest
Early notes recorded its tendency to scare off prey as hunters were about to shoot. It was as the chattering bee eater that it was painted between 1792 and 1797 by Thomas Watling, one of a group known collectively as the Port Jackson Painter. John Gould treated	treated	VERB	the	DET	 the
During 2009 and 2010, work was undertaken to upgrade sluice gates, watercourses, and culverts to enable seasonal flooding of Southlake Moor during the winter diverting water from the Sowy River onto the moor. It has the capacity to hold 1.2 million cubic metres as part of	of	ADP	a	DET	 a
Roger Mowry was a constable and operated the only tavern in the town. The tavern also served as a government meeting place, church, and jail. It was originally constructed as a one and a half story single room house with a chamber upstairs. By 1711	1711	NUM	the	DET	 the
The South Park Blocks Association, a commercial and institutional association, was started at that time, to attract residents and consumers to the area and to address security concerns. A report in 1990 said the blocks were being " held hostage " by the homeless, mainly	mainly	ADV	"	PUNCT	 "
FIU Arena underwent expansion to add more seating and a modernization of the exterior that was completed in late 2011. On July 1, 2013, FIU became a member of Conference USA. Traditional rivals of the FIU Panthers include Florida Atlantic University and the University of Miami	Miami	PROPN	.	PUNCT	.
This tradition has almost completely died out among the present generation. The tradition of Voviyo (wedding songs), sung by women during a Ros, is important to this community. The procedure is that an elderly lady, usually the yejman (wife of the master	master	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
Using the phone log for the room Mulder tracks Stroman to a house where he spots him meeting with the cable repairman. However, by the time Mulder enters, shots ring out, and Mulder finds both men dead, with X (Steven Williams) responsible for	for	ADP	their	PRON	 their
To rectify this flaw, the UB II boats featured twin propeller shafts and twin engines (one shaft for each engine), which also increased the U boat's top speed. The new design also included more powerful batteries, larger torpedo tubes, and a deck	deck	NOUN	gun	NOUN	 gun
NY 812 joins NY 37 here, following the route through the southern reaches of the city. The conjoined routes intersect NY 68 before separating near the northeastern city limits. Past NY 37, NY 812 continues onto the Ogdensburg – Prescott International Bridge over the St. Lawrence	Lawrence	PROPN	River	PROPN	 River
The prime ministers were divided. Diefenbaker broke the deadlock by proposing that the conference not reject South Africa's application, but instead state in a communique that racial equality was a principle of the Commonwealth. This was adopted, although Britain and New Zealand disagreed with Diefenbaker	Diefenbaker	PROPN	's	PART	's
Their most recent win was in 2012, beating Athletic Bilbao 3 – 0 at the Vicente Calderón Stadium in Madrid. Their only previous final at the Camp Nou was a victory in 1963. The last team to play a Copa del Rey Final at their own ground	ground	NOUN	was	AUX	 was
After six hours, it strengthened into Tropical Storm Connie. By August 4, Connie began to rapidly strengthen, becoming the first major hurricane of the season later that day. Initially, it posed a threat to the Lesser Antilles, although it passed about 50 miles	miles	NOUN	(	PUNCT	 (
He was initially used as the setup man for closer Brad Hennessey, but he took over as closer on September 11 when Hennessey lost the role due to ineffectiveness. He went on to pitch in 24 games, recording a 1 – 2 record, a 2.28 ERA	ERA	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
At Russell Sage Junior High School, where he was an honors student, he produced the Mad inspired fanzine Blasé. He was earning money from his drawing by the time he reached high school and sold artwork to the original Long Island Press and other outlets. His	His	PRON	talent	NOUN	 talent
Chinese authorities refused to allow filming, and Lucas considered the Monkey King as the plot device. Lucas wrote a film treatment that included a haunted castle in Scotland, but Spielberg felt it was too similar to Poltergeist. The haunted castle in Scotland slowly transformed into a	a	DET	demonic	ADJ	 demonic
Author Dirk Timmerman pointed out that " in the context of the show, with [war induced] performances like ' American Life ' and ' Imagine ', it added to the anti war message of the tour. " In 2008, during the Sticky & Sweet	Sweet	PROPN	Tour	PROPN	 Tour
The injury was so severe that Salo later admitted thinking his career was over during his rehabilitation. Before returning to the Canucks lineup, he was sent to the team's American Hockey League (AHL) affiliate, the Manitoba Moose, for a conditioning assignment. Making	Making	VERB	his	PRON	 his
The title of the episode references the infamous 1986 Stephen King movie Maximum Overdrive, which was one of Simpsons cast member Yeardley Smith's first credited screen roles. In its original American broadcast on March 28, 1999, " Maximum Homerdrive " received a 9.4 rating /	/	SYM	15	NUM	 15
Especially striking was the relatively high activity of Doro Api Toi (Gunung Api Kecil means " small volcano ") in the southern part of the caldera and the gases escaping under high pressure and loud noises on the lower north east wall. In July 2014, the	the	DET	same	ADJ	 same
Elsewhere, " One of Those Days " peaked at number 94 in Switzerland, number 11 on the Belgian Flanders Ultratip chart, number seven on the Wallonia Tip chart and number six on the Hungarian Single Top 10. The music video for " One of Those Days	Days	NOUN	"	PUNCT	 "
By deliberately drawing on bipartisan ideas — the same basic outline was supported by former Senate majority leaders Howard Baker, Bob Dole, Tom Daschle and George J. Mitchell — the bill's drafters hoped to increase the chances of garnering the necessary votes for passage. However,	,	PUNCT	following	VERB	 following
The episode originally aired on NBC in the United States on April 12, 2012. " Welcome Party " was written by Steve Hely and directed by series regular Ed Helms, who portrays Andy Bernard. The series — presented as if it were a real documentary —	—	PUNCT	depicts	VERB	 depicts
Tipu also spared the Monte Mariano church at Farangipet, on account of his father's friendship with Fr. Joachim Miranda. Tipu is said to have given orders to preserve the church at Baleguli, near Ancola, in gratitude for a cure by a Christian woman while	while	SCONJ	at	ADP	 at
Just twenty days after Mara's death, on November 15, 2005, Tisch died at the age of 79. He was diagnosed in 2004 with inoperable brain cancer. Tisch was a philanthropist all his life and donated considerable sums of money to charitable causes. After	After	ADP	his	PRON	 his
He calls Holly's father to ask his permission (although he leaves a message rather than speak to him personally). Holly catches onto the idea when she calls her parents herself, but she notices her parents seem mentally disoriented. She talks to Michael later and	and	CCONJ	says	VERB	 says
Steam for the engines was provided by 11 Amirauté fire tube boilers and they were rated at a total of 14,000 metric horsepower (10,000 kW). The ship had a designed speed of 20 knots (37 km / h; 23 mph), but during sea	sea	NOUN	trials	NOUN	 trials
Both groups used names to commemorate notable people, events, places from their homeland, and their ships, or to describe the surrounding area. The Māori did not have a collective name for New Zealand before European arrival, but post colonisation the name Aotearoa (commonly	commonly	ADV	translated	VERB	 translated
Throughout his film career, Méliès worked on a strict schedule of planning films in the morning, filming scenes during the brightest hours of the day, tending to the film laboratory and the Théâtre Robert Houdin in the late afternoon, and attending performances at Parisian theaters in	in	ADP	the	DET	 the
Disraeli left an unfinished novel in which the priggish central character, Falconet, is unmistakably a caricature of Gladstone. In the years after Disraeli's death, as Salisbury began his reign of more than twenty years over the Conservatives, the party emphasised the late leader's	's	PART	"	PUNCT	 "
Cayuga Lake – 95 acres (38 ha) on northeast shore. Etna Fringed Gentian Area Fall Creek Valley North Fall Creek Valley South Fischer Old Growth Forest – a 42 acre (17 ha) preserve containing rare examples of yellow oak (Quercus muehlenbergii). Hertel	Hertel	PROPN	Bowl	PROPN	 Bowl
Subsequently, a bond to fund the construction was issued. The construction work started in 1976; in 1981 the Učka Tunnel was finished and a 22.6 kilometre (14.0 mi) section of the route between Matulji and Lupoglav was completed as a single carriageway, two lane	lane	NOUN	expressway	NOUN	 expressway
He was the eleventh of twelve children of Allen Briggs, a blacksmith originally from Cranston, Rhode Island, and Nancy (Brown) Briggs, of Huguenot descent. His parents moved the family to Manchester, Vermont when he was seven, and, two years later	later	ADV	,	PUNCT	,
He returned to Broadhall Way in January having scored one goal in six games for Port Vale, who were unable to extend the loan deal due to an acute lack of funds. On his return to Stevenage, Myrie Williams was made available for transfer by manager Graham	Graham	PROPN	Westley	PROPN	 Westley
These features were also included in a parallel development effort for a new mid size wide body airliner, code named 7X7, which became the 767. Work on both proposals accelerated as a result of the airline industry upturn in the late 1970s. By 1978, development	development	NOUN	studies	NOUN	 studies
To celebrate the anniversary of the Halloween series, Devil's Due released a one shot comic entitled Halloween: 30 Years of Terror in August 2008, written by Hutchinson. An anthology collection inspired by John Carpenter's original film, Michael appears in various stories, tampering	tampering	VERB	with	ADP	 with
Dead leaves were falling and covering everything. At a particular moment, in an immaculately white alcove, a white skeleton appeared that tried to catch me. And then instantly everything around me became white. " At the advice of his former editor Raymond de Becker,	,	PUNCT	Hergé	PROPN	 Hergé
It dissipated the next day, although its remnants approached New England and contributed to the Northeast U.S. flooding of October 2005. Hurricane Vince formed over unfavorably cold water in the east Atlantic near the Madeira Islands on October 8 as a subtropical storm. It was first recorded	recorded	VERB	by	ADP	 by
At the Enriched Learning Center for Gifted Children, Bart feels out of place among the other students with advanced academic skills. Meanwhile, Marge attempts to stimulate Bart with a little culture by taking the family to the opera. However, this proves disastrous as Bart and	and	CCONJ	Homer	PROPN	 Homer
The gathering also marks the culmination of the four day El Rebrot (" The Shoot ") musical / political festival which has been held in Berga almost every year since 2001, organised by the Maulets / Arran left wing youth organisation. Because of the shortage of	of	ADP	parking	NOUN	 parking
The 1934 Michiganensian yearbook reports that the final game of the baseball season was a 4 – 0 shutout by Wistert against the University of Chicago Maroons. " Wistert, for the Wolves, allowed only five well scattered hits during the game. Although Whitey Wistert walked four	four	NUM	men	NOUN	 men
Before its release the album appeared on several lists, including Spin's " 26 Fall Albums That Matter Most ", Entertainment Weekly's " Fall Albums We Can't Wait to Hear " and Rolling Stone's " Fall Music Preview: The Season's Hottest Albums "	"	PUNCT	.	PUNCT	.
The series employed both British and French writers and directors to collaborate on the series, with former Spooks writer Ben Richards leading the writing team. Multiple versions of the script were used, which were translated for both languages. Five directors were hired for the series,	,	PUNCT	three	NUM	 three
Scully gets a message to call Nemhauser, but his phone is answered by Mulder, who denies taking the knife. Mulder searches Mostow's studio and finds Nemhauser's body inside a new sculpture. Mulder is then confronted by Patterson, who is unaware of how he	he	PRON	arrived	VERB	 arrived
However, after Cambridge's 2 – 0 home defeat to St Albans City in December, Bridges did not feature in the first – team for two months. He returned to first team action in Cambridge's 3 – 0 win against Woking, and scored his third	third	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
He was nicknamed the " Flying Finn " as he dominated distance running in the early 20th century. Nurmi set 22 official world records at distances between 1500 metres and 20 kilometres, and won nine gold and three silver medals in his twelve events in the Olympic Games	Games	PROPN	.	PUNCT	.
With hydrogen it forms water and hydrogen peroxide. Organic oxygen compounds are ubiquitous in organic chemistry. Sulfur's oxidation states are − 2, + 2, + 4, and + 6. Sulfur containing analogs of oxygen compounds often have the prefix thio-. Sulfur's	's	PART	chemistry	NOUN	 chemistry
There is some evidence to suggest that source of the infection was pigs on Columbus's ships. During an influenza epidemic that occurred in England between 1557 and 1559, five per cent of the population – about 150,000 – died from the infection. The mortality rate was	was	AUX	nearly	ADV	 nearly
Once again she sailed out into the mid Atlantic, where she sank three ships. Early on the morning of 15 May U 43 opened fire with her deck gun and anti aircraft guns on the 488 ton French three masted sailing ship Notre Dame du Châtelet, en	en	ADP	route	NOUN	 route
Together with her sisters, Chanzy and Latouche Tréville, the ship was assigned to the International Squadron off the island of Crete during the Greco Turkish War of 1897 to protect French interests and citizens. With the exception of Bruix, the sisters spent most of the first	first	ADJ	decade	NOUN	 decade
An estimated 6,200 residents evacuated to Red Cross shelters in the state. The majority of evacuations in the country were in New Jersey, with 250,000 residents and tourists relocating. Of this total, 65,000 were from the Long Beach Island and 12,000 on the Barnegat Peninsula.	.	PUNCT	With	SCONJ	 With
During his time as bishop Alexander secured the submission of St Albans Abbey to his diocese and founded a number of monasteries, including Haverholme Priory (a Gilbertine house), Dorchester on Thames (an Arrouaisian Order house), Louth Park, and Thame; Louth was	was	AUX	one	NUM	 one
In addition to peacekeeping, the UN is also active in encouraging disarmament. Regulation of armaments was included in the writing of the UN Charter in 1945 and was envisioned as a way of limiting the use of human and economic resources for their creation. The advent of	of	ADP	nuclear	ADJ	 nuclear
75 million years ago, ruled by the dictator Xenu. The confederacy having become overpopulated, Xenu sent several billion of his citizens onto DC 8 planes to the planet Teegeeack (Earth), ostensibly for tax audition. There, hydrogen bombs were detonated inside volcanoes,	,	PUNCT	killing	VERB	 killing
After the Treaty of Paris (1763), exiled Acadians began to return to the area, but their numbers around the Three Rivers remained under 200 by 1769. Settlers from Philadelphia began to migrate to the Petitcodiac River area in 1766: the Trites, Jones and	and	CCONJ	Stieff	PROPN	 Stieff
The single made Billboard Hot 100 history when it moved ninety one positions — from number ninety four to number three — on April 7, 2007. " Amor Gitano " (" Gypsy Love "), a Spanish language flamenco pop duet with Mexican singer Alejandro Fernández	Fernández	PROPN	served	VERB	 served
A monument with eight pillars — one for the Cherokee Nation and each of its seven clans — was placed at the site along with the reinterred grave of Oconastota. Nearby, a small monument was erected marking the site of Tanasi, and recalling it as the root	root	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
In 1992, the Lincoln Highway Association was reformed with a chapter in each state through which the highway passed. The new LHA is a historical preservation group that wants to preserve the remaining sections of the highway. The Iowa chapter of the LHA has, since 2008	2008	NUM	,	PUNCT	,
This culminated in the resignation of managing director Gerry Johnson with immediate effect. He was replaced by development director Dominic Myers, who was managing director of the British academic bookselling chain Blackwells until 2005. Myers joined HMV in 2006 to oversee the integration of Ottakar's into	into	ADP	the	DET	 the
Each sign in ASL is composed of a number of distinctive components. A sign may use one hand or both. Each hand assumes a handshape with a particular orientation in a particular location on the body or in the " signing space ", and may involve movement	movement	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
James was charged, and in January 1997 pleaded guilty to two counts of sexual assault. Upon James ' conviction, and sentencing to 3 ½ years in prison, the Hitmen attempted to distance themselves from their former coach. <The Hitmen struggled on the ice as	as	ADV	well	ADV	 well
The spores of G. pectinatum are brown and opaque. They have a roughly spherical shape and are ornamented with transparent (hyaline), truncate warts; the diameter is 4 – 4.5 µm, or 5.5 – 6.5 if the lengths of the warts is included. Spore	Spore	ADJ	bearing	VERB	 bearing
Finally on May 1, 1964, Viet Cong reconnaissance teams spotted the USNS Card sailed through Ganh Rai Bay and entered Long Tau River, so they immediately reported the information to the 65th Special Operations Group in Saigon. As usual, the Card docked at the commercial	commercial	ADJ	port	NOUN	 port
The women's volleyball team earned 12 consecutive NCAA Tournament appearances from 1993 to 2004, advancing past the first round each time. In 2004 Sports Illustrated on Campus ranked Olsen Field " the best college baseball venue ". Sports Illustrated ranked the university 46th, in a	a	DET	2002	NUM	 2002
Along the way are samples of the Canyon's rocks, as you would encounter them going from the river up to the rim, and displays explaining the geologic history of the Canyon. The trail opened in late 2010. The Yavapai Geology Museum include three dimensional models	models	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
Hill disapproved of battlefield looting and admonished his batman, although eventually relented by stating " If you can get me a pair [as well], you can keep them! " At midnight, 27 / 28 March the division came under the control of British VIII	VIII	PROPN	Corps	PROPN	 Corps
Nine companies handled the visual effects for Edge of Tomorrow under VFX supervisor Nick Davis. Davis worked with the crew of The Third Floor on the film's previsualization process. Sony Pictures Imageworks (SPI) worked on the first two acts of the film and created over	over	ADP	400	NUM	 400
The streams of dust and gas thus released form a huge and extremely thin atmosphere around the comet called the " coma ", and the force exerted on the coma by the Sun's radiation pressure and solar wind cause an enormous " tail " to form pointing away	away	ADV	from	ADP	 from
The gills have an adnate attachment to the stem — broadly attached slightly above the bottom of the gill, with most of the gill fused to the stem. They are not closely spaced together, and there are about 15 – 20 of them. Some of the	the	DET	gills	NOUN	 gills
" and added, " Shah does a great job as the otherwise calm Shiv ". In his review for Firstpost Anna Vetticad said that leading pair " shine in a lovely film " noting that chemistry between them was " unmistakable ". He concluded by saying,	,	PUNCT	"	PUNCT	 "
B. violacea is highly susceptible to Phytophthora cinnamomi dieback. Banksia violacea is one of a small number of Banksia species that has both lignotuberous and non lignotuberous populations. In both cases, plants are adapted to release their aerial seed bank following a bushfire, ensuring seedlings are	are	AUX	established	VERB	 established
Some students are more exuberant than others, some would rather talk than listen; others may be a bit shy. The professor / facilitator must make sure that each student has a chance to shine, that each can feel confident, each can have the courage to	to	PART	ask	VERB	 ask
Alexey Kondrashov's deterministic mutation hypothesis (DMH) assumes that each organism has more than one harmful mutation and the combined effects of these mutations are more harmful than the sum of the harm done by each individual mutation. If so, sexual recombination of genes will reduce	reduce	VERB	the	DET	 the
In the video, Jackson can be seen wearing a Blazer and his traditional hat. The video features appearances from Marlon Brando, Michael Madsen and Billy Drago. The video won an NAACP Image Award for Outstanding Music Video at the award shows 2002 ceremony. In several	several	ADJ	instances	NOUN	 instances
An Act of Parliament obtained on 14 August 1850 allowed the trustees to build a pound lock at Bow tidal gates. To prevent opposition from the bargees, the Act had formalised the freedom from tolls on the Bow River section. Once the lock was built, however	however	ADV	,	PUNCT	,
Smaller libraries include the Media and Cultural Library, the Music Library, and a branch digital library in Palm Desert. The UCR Library is one of 116 members of the Association of Research Libraries, and is ranked 93rd in this group. UCR's academic colleges administer	administer	VERB	significant	ADJ	 significant
Both were issues she had advocated for during that session. In the aftermath of these victories, many commentators opined that these victories marked her emergence on the national stage. In March 2011, Gillibrand co sponsored the PROTECT IP Act, which would restrict access to web	web	NOUN	sites	NOUN	 sites
On November 6, he filed for free agency. On February 2, 2010, Mota signed a minor league contract with the San Francisco Giants with an invitation to spring training, marking the first time he was a non roster invitee. On April 4, he	he	PRON	was	AUX	 was
He had rescued over 50 people from the river during his lifetime. In 1939, the Mersey and Irwell Joint Committee was superseded by the Lancashire Rivers Board, but wartime conditions brought about further deterioration of the river. In 1951, the Rivers (Prevention of Pollution	Pollution	PROPN	)	PUNCT	)
He held the position until 1892, and was succeeded by José Domingo Fuenzalida. Also in 1891, on 21 December, the commune of Pichilemu was created by the Autonomous Commune Law (Spanish: Ley de Comuna Autónoma), written by Ministry of the Interior Manuel	Manuel	PROPN	José	PROPN	 José
Kelly was released from the military after two years, following which he worked on and off with Washington and Gillespie again. Kelly was also part of Charles Mingus ' group for a tour of Washington, D.C., California, and Vancouver in late 1956 to early 1957	1957	NUM	.	PUNCT	.
On 25 February 1994, the special forces of the Croatian Army (Hrvatska vojska – HV) were reorganised when all HV's special forces units were combined to form the 1st Croatian Guards Corps (1. hrvatski gardijski zbor). In April, personnel of the	the	DET	8th	ADJ	 8th
It sold 174,550 tickets and ranked 84th place among the year's releases in that market (excluding re issues), grossing approximately €665,000 (the equivalent of DM1,300,000, or US $824,000). By comparison, Filmwelt's release of the first film that same	same	ADJ	year	NOUN	 year
Discovery left Isle of Wight on 6 August 1901, and arrived in New Zealand via Cape Town on 29 November after a detour below 40° S for a magnetic survey. Quail Island in Lyttelton Harbour was used as the quarantine station for the expedition's dogs.	.	PUNCT	After	ADP	 After
He who perished abroad was called Áki. (He) steered a cargo ship; he came to Greek harbours; died at home...... cut the runes... " § Q " Ljótr the captain erected this stone in memory of his sons. He who perished abroad	abroad	ADV	was	AUX	 was
During the performance, Williams was dressed in a white crop tank, floral printed pants and platform shoes. Finalist Jena Irene, who preceded Paramore with a live cover of the band's single " Decode ", sang the second verse of " Ain't It Fun	Fun	PROPN	"	PUNCT	 "
This early deprivation was found to have retarded the mothers ’ emotional development and her ability to engage in intercourse and in turn become pregnant. In response, Harlow and his colleagues created an apparatus to impregnate these mothers they named a “ rape rack ”. Harlow found	found	VERB	that	SCONJ	 that
The Kangaroo Island birds have successfully established a breeding population. In 1912, the Australian ornithologist Gregory M. Mathews recognised three living subspecies of emu, D. n. novaehollandiae (Latham, 1790), D. n. woodwardi Mathews, 1912 and D. n. rothschildi Mathews, 1912.	.	PUNCT	However	ADV	 However
Walt Disney India's consumer products partnered with 50 brands to promote the film in India, considered the highest ever for any film — Hollywood or Bollywood — released in India (the previous record held by Ra. One had 25 partners). Some of the brands	brands	NOUN	include	VERB	 include
There are more of them at Hartlepool than elsewhere – without a shadow of doubt. " Houchen was a big 6 ft 1 in (1.85 m) centre forward who had strength and power. Early in his career he broke his ribs and backbone, but learned	learned	VERB	the	DET	 the
In comparison, they felt that his game lacked the power to impress. Incensed and opposed to the style, Miyamoto instead further escalated his cartoonish visuals into a hand drawn, crayon style. Nintendo's marketing department accepted this revision. Miyamoto later recalled feeling that the	the	DET	marketing	NOUN	 marketing
In October 2012, it was reported that The Wolverine would be converted to 3D, making it the first 3D release for one of 20th Century Fox's Marvel films. Visual effects for the film were completed by Weta Digital, Rising Sun Pictures (RSP),	,	PUNCT	Iloura	PROPN	 Iloura
Based on displacements along two monogenetic volcanoes, slip rates of 0.08 – 0.16 millimetres per year (0.000100 – 0.000200 in / Ms) have been estimated. The shoshonitic San Geronimo and Negro de Chorillos scoria cones and lava flows, as well as Antuco hot springs and	and	CCONJ	travertine	NOUN	 travertine
They saw ' the revolution ' not as a final product but as an ongoing process; they wanted not just to destroy the capitalist system but to create something livable in its place. These convergences have been hosted by different groups within the collective each time, typically	typically	ADV	based	VERB	 based
The Salwar kameez is another form of popular dress for females. The Mangalorean Catholic bride's wedding sari is known as a Sado. It is usually a red coloured Banarasi sari which is made of finely woven silk and is decorated with elaborate engravings. In olden days	days	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
" The remix appeared online on October 1, 2010, and was released as a digital EP on November 2, 2010. A day after the " all star " remix premiered online, American R & B singer Ciara released her own remix of the song,	,	PUNCT	which	PRON	 which
Kikuta does not worry about the style of music that he composes, considering it to only be a tool or method. As a result, his music is frequently composed of combinations of styles mixed together. He is inspired to create his music by things that he	he	PRON	has	AUX	 has
Then, he returned to Washington to play in the Continental Basketball Association (CBA) during the 1992 – 93 and 1994 – 95 seasons. He played in the CBA for the franchise located in Yakima, Washington, which was near to the Seattle metropolitan area where	where	SCONJ	the	DET	 the
Any individual involved with drug addiction will lie to his friends for the self serving need. It's the cruelest truth of the situation. Kurt may fit this profile and he was surely in my mind as I wrote but the song is not a specific dedication to	to	ADP	him	PRON	 him
Despite calls by the press for him to be included in the 1958 World Cup squad, this time the selectors did not bow to the pressure. Yet at 23 years, nobody would ever enjoy a longer career with the England team. He was the subject of	of	ADP	This	PRON	 This
Several areas experienced gale force winds, with gusts measured up to 109 km / h (68 mph) on Centre Island. Moderate to heavy rains accompanied the system as well, with a storm maxima of 290.4 mm (11.43 in) also occurring on Centre Island	Island	PROPN	.	PUNCT	.
They were seized by a Maya lord, and most were sacrificed, although two managed to escape. From 1517 to 1519, three separate Spanish expeditions explored the Yucatán coast, and engaged in a number of battles with the Maya inhabitants. After the Aztec capital Tenochtitlan	Tenochtitlan	PROPN	fell	VERB	 fell
(See: Continuous production) Also, the carbon in pig iron lowers the melting point below that of steel or pure iron; in contrast, iron does not melt in a bloomery. Carbon monoxide also reduces silica which has to be removed from the pig iron	iron	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
It became apparent Gillette could not perform the necessary stunts, so the stunt coordinator Cliff Cudney brought in Steve Daskawisz. Daskawisz filmed all of the scenes except the opening sequence and the unmasking shot at the end; Gillette returned for the unmasking scenes. Gillette received credit	credit	NOUN	for	ADP	 for
Conference play began with a loss to the Texas Longhorns in the annual Red River Rivalry on October 7, and ended with a win over the Nebraska Cornhuskers in the Big 12 Championship Game on December 2. The Sooners finished the regular season with an 11 – 2	2	NUM	record	NOUN	 record
Another provision of the Pittman Act authorized the U.S. to mint a replacement coin for every silver dollar melted. During the same year, the Peace dollar was first issued to commemorate the end of World War I. The Peace dollar was supposedly minted to replace the Morgan dollar	dollar	NOUN	under	ADP	 under
On November 26, 2013 she sung the track during an appearance on The Late Show with David Letterman, where she wore " opaque black sunglasses " and a black blazer over a " sheer top ". Ferreira, who opened the American leg of Miley Cyrus '	'	PUNCT	Bangerz	PROPN	 Bangerz
The new campus has 31,544 square metres (7.795 acres) and includes facilities such as an auditorium and research space. ESEIG offers undergraduate and post graduate education. Academic choices are centered around industrial engineering, industrial design, biomedical engineering, management, human resources, accountancy	accountancy	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
They plan these trips themselves. Alumni have credited these midterms as being among their most formative and character building experiences. Doon has been credited with pioneering mountaineering in India, due to the accomplishments of masters such as R.L. Holdsworth, Jack Gibson and Gurdial Singh and alumni	alumni	NOUN	such	ADJ	 such
Along with many others, Wooden Leg was shocked and angered by this news. They had expected to be able to continue to live in their homeland. However, there was nothing that could be done, as they had all given up their guns and horses on	on	ADP	entering	VERB	 entering
Botham was consequently given out hit wicket. Agnew's comment on this action was: " He just didn't quite get his leg over. " Botham had attracted a number of headlines during his career for his sexual exploits and in British English, " getting one	one	PRON	's	PART	's
Speaking about the humor of the show, Campbell said, " I would say 30 percent of each episode is being played for laughs. But it's not a winking at the camera, Airplane type of humor. We're funny like Indiana Jones is funny;	;	PUNCT	the	DET	 the
The Coif was white and made of either silk or lawn. A Serjeant was never obliged to take off or cover his Coif, not even in the presence of the King, except as a judge when passing a death sentence. In that situation he would wear	wear	VERB	a	DET	 a
The contract was awarded to the Blohm & Voss shipyard in Hamburg, on 26 September 1907. The keel was laid on 21 March 1908, and the ship was launched nearly a year later, on 20 March 1909. The source of the ship's name was	was	AUX	the	DET	 the
The Mint did hire 40 women, who were (as of 1860) paid $1.10 per ten hour day, a sum considered generous. The Mint's hiring of women was the first time the American government had employed women to fill specific jobs at regular wages	wages	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
Membership declined throughout the 1990s and by 2004, only a few dozen people belonged to the synagogue. In 2007 the Commandment Keepers sold the building, while various factions among former members sued one another. Beside the Harlem group, there are eight or ten Commandment Keeper	Keeper	PROPN	congregations	NOUN	 congregations
A second training / operational conversion squadron was also formed, designated 3. / (Kroat.) JGr and equipped with Fiat G.50, Macchi C.200 and Fiat CR.42 fighters. After a period of operational conversion, the squadron commenced operations against the frequent incursions over the	the	DET	NDH	PROPN	 NDH
He scored in his debut, " claiming the first and third goals " in a 4 – 0 victory over Rotherham United. Chopra then would score consecutively in matches against Blackpool, Plymouth Argyle, Bristol City and Bristol Rovers. In the post match ceremony, manager	manager	NOUN	Dave	PROPN	 Dave
It was released as the lead single from the album on August 22, 2001 by Epic Records. The lyrics pertain to being in love and trying to gain a woman's affection. Produced by Jackson and Rodney " Darkchild " Jerkins and written by Jackson, Jerkins	Jerkins	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
The forge had space for two smiths and featured a small room where the horses were shoed. The depot was located in Sporveisgata, between Bergsliens gate and the street junction Pilestredet – Sporveisgata. The street Sporveisgata was in the beginning only a branch from Pilestredet, but	but	CCONJ	it	PRON	 it
" Music critics have described True Colours upon its release as a single as " the most brutal thing Gallows has done. " Andrew Ford of Hit The Floor Magazine considered it a " 36 second middle finger to all those who have suggested this is the end of	of	ADP	the	DET	 the
An undertaking of the restoration team was that everything would be handled in a transparent fashion, that reporters, art historians and others with a bona fide interest should have ready access to information and to view the work. However, a single company, Nippon Television Network	Network	PROPN	Corporation	PROPN	 Corporation
For its last twelve years Radio Network House was owned by Greg Hedges through his company Nor West Arch No.4 Ltd. The building was first operated as the Christchurch studio for Television New Zealand (TVNZ), who displayed their logo on the building. Shows such as What	What	PRON	Now	ADV	 Now
Following persistent injuries to his right knee, Abdur Rahim announced his retirement from basketball on September 22, 2008. Shareef Abdur Rahim is the second eldest sibling in a family of twelve children born to Aminah and William Abdur Rahim. Abdur Rahim, whose first name means	means	VERB	"	PUNCT	 "
Kanche earned US $522,325 (₹ 34.7 million) in 17 days at the United States box office. After losing many screens due to new releases in the United States, Kanche's 31 day total stood at US $527,724 (₹ 35 million). In	In	ADP	its	PRON	 its
This prediction proved true, as Langer died unexpectedly in 1920, and Janowitz said it inspired the scene in which Cesare predicts Alan's death at the fair. Although neither had any associations the film industry, Janowitz and Mayer wrote a script over six weeks during the	the	DET	winter	NOUN	 winter
The congregational school, which still held classes once a week, had 14 teachers and 388 students. The following year, women were given the right to vote at all congregational meetings. Fineshriber left in 1924 to become head rabbi of Congregation Keneseth Israel in Philadelphia.	.	PUNCT	During	ADP	 During
During the debate on the House floor, Breckinridge endorsed nullification if Congress would not repeal the acts after a majority of states declared their opposition to them. Federalist William Murray led opposition to the resolutions in the House but was the only dissenting vote on five of the	the	DET	nine	NUM	 nine
" She believed that " there is not a situation in this picture which could not happen to any girl. That is one of the things I like about it. There is nothing in it that could not be true. " The rest of the cast includes	includes	VERB	Charles	PROPN	 Charles
In contrast to the term " Epicurean ", the Stanford Encyclopedia of Philosophy's entry on Stoicism notes, " the sense of the English adjective ' stoical ' is not utterly misleading with regard to its philosophical origins. " Zeno of Citium (332 – 262 BC	BC	PROPN	)	PUNCT	)
The goal became to create the best 3 D demos in real time with the least amount of software code. Disk storage was too slow for this; graphics had to be calculated on the fly and without a pre existing game engine. In Disney Interactive Studios '	'	PART	1992	NUM	 1992
The Intercultural Center is an exception to this controversy, rotating displays of various faith and culture symbols in the lobby. As of 2014, the University has 7,636 undergraduate students, and 10,213 graduate students. Bachelor's programs are offered through Georgetown College, the School of	of	ADP	Nursing	PROPN	 Nursing
Each provincial coat of arms includes specific local symbolism; most also include symbolism derived from the coats of arms of the United Kingdom, France, or both. Since 1868, each province and territory within Canada has been granted arms through warrants either from the monarch directly	directly	ADV	or	CCONJ	 or
The last Saturday of each month is umuganda, a national morning of mandatory community service lasting from 8 am to 11 am, during which all able bodied people between 18 and 65 are expected to carry out community tasks such as cleaning streets or building homes for vulnerable	vulnerable	ADJ	people	NOUN	 people
Youkilis finished third in the balloting for the 2008 AL MVP Award, receiving two first place votes (one from Evan Grant of The Dallas Morning News), while his teammate Dustin Pedroia won and Justin Morneau came in second. Only Youkilis and Morneau were named on	on	ADP	all	DET	 all
Early on August 5, it reached a peak intensity of 120 mph (190 km / h), based on the pressure – wind relationship. It curved to the north and weakened, then passed about 80 mi (129 km) west of Bermuda on August	August	PROPN	6	NUM	 6
The main game systems and game code as a whole were coded by John Hodskinson. The game's music is composed by Andy Blythe and Marten Joustra of Swallow Studios. A rearranged version of the original Crash Bandicoot theme by Mutato Muzika's Josh Mancell also appears in	in	ADP	the	DET	 the
The character was still being written and changed a lot during the audition process. The character and casting were announced on 28 July 2010. The show's producer, Deborah Sathe, said " I am [...] proud of what the writers have achieved. [	[	X	They	PRON	They
" Tetsuya Nomura, the character designer for the Final Fantasy VII series and co director of Advent Children, acted as the supervising director. He had the right to reject or accept concept drawings for Last Order. As a result, Nomura had a large quantity of	of	ADP	images	NOUN	 images
That day, a trough in the westerlies caused Lili to accelerate northeastward, reaching a forward speed of almost 29 mph (47 km / h). On October 19 at 1200 UTC, Hurricane Lili attained its peak intensity for a brief time, reaching 115 mph	mph	NOUN	(	PUNCT	 (
" The National Board of Review nominated the film as the Best Foreign Film in 1956. Rififi was re released for a limited run within America on 21 July 2000 in a new 35 mm print containing new, more explicit subtitles that were enhanced in collaboration with Dassin	Dassin	PROPN	.	PUNCT	.
Subsequent poisoning programs have kept populations low. The Lord Howe boobook may have become extinct through predation by, or competition with, the Tasmanian masked owls which were introduced in the 1920s in a failed attempt to control the rat population. Stray dogs are also a threat	threat	NOUN	as	SCONJ	 as
It was also released in this format under the name Jesus: The Real Story, with narration from Tom Hodgkins. Son of God took 16 months to produce, and cost approximately £1.5 million. It was featured as part of a £253 million season of	of	ADP	new	ADJ	 new
But the game isn't just a collection of funny South Park scenes, hopefully it's more than that. Like the show, The Stick of Truth satirizes political and social issues including abortion, race relations, anal probes, drug addiction, sex, extreme violence	violence	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
— also Kalkbrenner. You would not believe how curious I was about Herz, Liszt, Hiller, etc. " Liszt was in attendance at Chopin's Parisian debut on 26 February 1832 at the Salle Pleyel, which led him to remark: " The most vigorous	vigorous	ADJ	applause	NOUN	 applause
They believed their suspicions were confirmed when the IRA member re appeared at the ceremony when it resumed in February 1988, and the Gibraltar authorities requested special assistance from the British government. In the weeks after the resumption of the changing of the guard ceremony, the three	three	NUM	IRA	PROPN	 IRA
In its early years, the Briarcliff library received donations from the village Sunday school and the Club. In July 1928, the library moved from the community club building (which was sold to the Westchester Parkway Commission) to the tower room of the former Briarcliff Farms	Farms	PROPN	office	NOUN	 office
Filming at Carolco Studios in Wilmington, North Carolina lasted from November 1992 to March 1993. The New York City scale model set was designed by Micheal J. McAlister and Mark Stetson, with further effects provided by The Computer Film Company. Upon its release in March 1994	1994	NUM	,	PUNCT	,
The collection, called the Phipps Collection, numbered more than 2,000 volumes, and includes Napoleon's published correspondence, that of the marshals, and has been kept up to date with modern works issued by the Historical Department of the French General Staff. By the 1920s	1920s	NUM	,	PUNCT	,
In 2005, Burch won the Rising Star Award for Best New Retail Concept from the Fashion Group International. In 2007, she won the Accessory Brand Launch of the year award at the Accessories Council Excellence Awards. In 2008, Burch won the Council of Fashion Designers	Designers	PROPN	of	ADP	 of
At the time, Charlotte Amalie on Saint Thomas was considered the best port in the Caribbean outside of Cuba, and Coral Bay on Saint John was considered the safest harbor in the area. Although the United States was not yet at war with Germany, the US	US	PROPN	signed	VERB	 signed
At the center of the community, NY 812 meets the eastern terminus of NY 126. Outside of Croghan, NY 812 traverses the Beaver River just north of the village line. The route and the river continue northward along parallel routings for a brief distance before the	the	DET	two	NUM	 two
Rufus Gallup took the same approach with his son, Russell Gallup II, and split the property in 1877. Russell Gallup II was a teacher and became a Judge of Probate from 1896 until his death in 1911. Everett Gallup took over the farm in the 1920s	1920s	NUM	and	CCONJ	 and
XIV was first hinted at the 2005 Electronic Entertainment Expo (E3) when Square Enix announced that they were developing a new MMORPG, showing it off using a tech demo. The demo included aesthetic elements similar to XI, such as races from Vana'diel. In 2006	2006	NUM	,	PUNCT	,
Denning was also known for his long working schedule; when he served as Master of the Rolls he sat for five full days a week, and required reserved judgments (about one case in ten) to be written during the weekend. He expected the other justices	justices	NOUN	to	PART	 to
As a result, the German garrisons stationed on the islands did not surrender until 9 May 1945 — one day after Victory in Europe Day. The garrison on Alderney did not surrender until 16 May. Because most of their garrisons surrendered peacefully, the Channel Islands are	are	AUX	host	NOUN	 host
" The video begins with the younger version of Clarkson sitting at the back seat of a station wagon. Singing the first verse, she witnesses a depressing scene of her brother quarreling with her sister who are scolded by their mother. She slowly clasps both her hands	hands	NOUN	before	ADP	 before
Along with Brigadier General H. Gordon Bennett and others, Mackay received personal congratulations from Field Marshal Sir Douglas Haig. He later received his medals from King George V in a ceremony at Buckingham Palace. Mackay led his battalion once more at the Battle of Broodseinde, earning	earning	VERB	a	DET	 a
Like FGM, footbinding was carried out on young girls, nearly universal where practised, tied to ideas about honour, chastity and appropriate marriage, and supported by women. FGM practitioners see the procedures as marking not only ethnic boundaries but also gender difference. According to	to	ADP	this	DET	 this
Scotland won the second match 1 – 0 with a goal by Don Hutchison, but lost the tie 2 – 1 on aggregate. Scotland failed to qualify for the 2002 FIFA World Cup, finishing third in their qualifying group behind Croatia and Belgium. This second successive	successive	ADJ	failure	NOUN	 failure
The last two stage plays Olivier directed were Jean Giradoux's Amphitryon (1971) and Priestley's Eden End (1974). By the time of Eden End, he was no longer director of the National Theatre; Peter Hall took over on 1 November 1973.	.	PUNCT	The	DET	 The
" Nelson returned to music in the following year, as his style was influenced in the Armadillo World Headquarters. Music critic Robert Christgau wrote: " The great Nashville songsmith has never bowled anyone over with his singing, and here he finds the concept to match.	.	PUNCT	Most	ADJ	 Most
On the other hand, confirmation bias can result in people ignoring or misinterpreting the signs of an imminent or incipient conflict. For example, psychologists Stuart Sutherland and Thomas Kida have each argued that US Admiral Husband E. Kimmel showed confirmation bias when playing down the first signs	signs	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
A major reason for GE's interest in the collaboration, rather than building a 10 ton engine on their own, was that the SNECMA project was the only source of development funds for an engine in this class at this particular time. GE was initially considering only	only	ADV	contributing	VERB	 contributing
However, the cyclone turned to the west and reached its peak intensity of 70 mph (110 km / h) on October 20. The tropical storm slowly weakened to a remnant low pressure area by October 24 and completely dissipated on October 27 without making landfall.	.	PUNCT	A	DET	 A
For the lower classes, however, the anniversary was a chance to pit disorder against order, a pretext for violence and uncontrolled revelry. At some point, for reasons that are unclear, it became customary to burn Guy Fawkes in effigy, rather than the pope	pope	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
While Howe's army remained in place, the two forces engaged in small skirmishes over the next few days. One officer under Howe noted that the rebel patrols, which usually consist of 10 to 15 dragoons and 20 to 30 infantrymen, now appear more often,	,	PUNCT	and	CCONJ	 and
All these materials are hard, brittle, dark gray solids with the hardness increasing with the boron content. Samarium diboride is too volatile to be produced with these methods and requires high pressure (about 65 kbar) and low temperatures between 1140 and 1240° C to	to	PART	stabilize	VERB	 stabilize
This immediately followed a first round loss to Elina Svitolina at the Australian Open. Kuznetsova lost to Petra Kvitová in three sets in the third round at the 2014 BNP Paribas Open. At the Sony Open Tennis, Kuznetsova was upset in her first match by 17 year	year	NOUN	old	ADJ	 old
I wanted somebody that you could have doubts internally, and very few guys can do that. " To prepare for the role, Elba watched footage of politicians David Cameron and Barack Obama, as well as Russell Crowe in Gladiator and Mel Gibson in Braveheart. Del	Del	PROPN	Toro	PROPN	 Toro
In response, Michelena described in the column how those skills were helpful to a movie actress, but not absolutely necessary; she said they " are accessories to, rather than the substance of the thing... I would advise every girl entering motion pictures to learn to	to	PART	ride	VERB	 ride
When the commune elections were held in April 2007, Chakrapong led the NRP to secure 472 out of 11,459 commune councilor seats available. Following the commune elections, Chakrapong resigned from the NRP in June 2007. In October 1999, Chakrapong founded Royal Phnom Penh Airways.	.	PUNCT	Chakrapong	PROPN	 Chakrapong
The Japanese Blue edition of the game features all but a handful of Pokémon available in Red and Green, making certain Pokémon exclusive to these original editions. Pokémon Yellow: Special Pikachu Edition (ポケットモンスター ピカチュウ, Poketto Monsutā Pikachū, lit. " Pocket Monsters Pikachu "	"	PUNCT	)	PUNCT	)
During his British tours, he had audiences with King William IV and Queen Victoria, directly petitioning the latter on the issue of title deeds for the Mississaugas of Upper Canada. During his life, Jones did manage to obtain some concessions from various provincial governments, such	such	ADJ	as	ADP	 as
During the Second World War, part of the city walls near the Dane John Gardens were turned into an ammunition depot, dug into the bank of the wall. German bombing campaigns in 1942 caused extensive damage to Canterbury, including the city walls around Riding Gate.	.	PUNCT	The	DET	 The
The highway follows roadways defined as parts of constitutional routes 12 and 40 in Minnesota Statutes § 161.114. The remainder of the highway follows all, or part, of legislative routes 119, 147, 148, 304, and 319 in the Minnesota Statutes § 161.115.	.	PUNCT	The	DET	 The
The canal company brought a large number of cases against the railway company, and successfully opposed several bills which the railway were trying to get passed in Parliament. Eventually the railway company agreed to pay, and shareholders received £45 per share in cash, with the	the	DET	balance	NOUN	 balance
Although they had much in common, he and Heseltine rarely worked together, though they did co write a song, " Maltworms ". The other permanent Eynsford residents were Barbara Peache, Heseltine's long term girlfriend whom he had known since the early 1920s, and	and	CCONJ	Hal	PROPN	 Hal
In October 2004, it was confirmed that the new stadium would be called the Emirates Stadium as part of a sponsorship deal with Emirates Airlines. In October 1998, just after Arsenal started playing Champions League games at Wembley, the club made an unsuccessful bid to buy	buy	VERB	the	DET	 the
These fish are what brought the Algonquian to the area nearly 10,000 years ago. Pettigrew State Park is open for year round recreation, including hiking, fishing, camping, boating and picnicking. Lake Phelps is open to canoes, kayaks, rowboats and engine powered boats	boats	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
Heim launched his two piece swimsuit in Paris which he called the atome, after the smallest known particle of matter. He advertised the Atome as the world's " smallest bathing suit ". At about the same time, Louis Réard created a competing two piece swimsuit	swimsuit	NOUN	design	NOUN	 design
The plan was resisted by factions benefiting from the protectionist policies, but the magnitude of the crisis convinced most politicians to change their minds. Menem, fearing that the crisis might force him to resign as well, embraced the Washington Consensus and rejected the traditional policies of	of	ADP	Peronism	PROPN	 Peronism
Built in 1726 at a cost of £1,401 8s 9d, it replaced a previous almshouse dating from 1461 and rebuilt in 1621. The Blue House provided a home for twenty widows and schooling for twenty boys. The front of the building is adorned by two statues	statues	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
" Matthews regularly condemned the " blazer brigade " at the FA in his autobiography, slating them as " conservative " and stressing that many of them were Old Etonians; in his view they treated players and supporters poorly, demonstrated arrogance by ignoring competitions they did not	not	PART	control	VERB	 control
The music video featured live performances of Selena singing the song at the Houston Astrodome concert on February 26, 1995, outtakes from her music video for " Bidi Bidi Bom Bom ", and performances of the singer during her tour for Amor Prohibido (1994 – 95	95	NUM	)	PUNCT	)
However, in Sparta news emerged of the bribes Cleomenes had given at Delphi, and he was expelled from the city. He then sought to rally the northern Peloponnesus to his cause, at which the Spartans relented, and invited him back to the city. By	By	ADP	491	NUM	 491
The metal industry has a very important role because it produces weapons and armor for the military, trap components for defense, and high value furniture and decorations. The player initially can see a top down view of the surface level of the fortress site; each layer	layer	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
Keenan's hiring was as a result of Pat Quinn being dismissed as general manager, and Keenan also assumed the title of bench boss by firing head coach Tom Renney early in the season. According to some accounts, Linden initially gave up the team captaincy to Messier	Messier	PROPN	out	ADP	 out
The former secondary State Road 5 was realigned starting from near Packwood, heading north instead of east, alongside the Ohanapecosh River to the old McClellan Pass Highway at Cayuse Pass, west of the summit of the Cascades. The new State Road 5, named the National	National	PROPN	Park	PROPN	 Park
As queen, Mary reversed Edward's Protestant reforms, which nonetheless became the basis of the Elizabethan Religious Settlement of 1559. Edward was born on 12 October 1537 in his mother's room inside Hampton Court Palace, in Middlesex. He was the son of King Henry	Henry	PROPN	VIII	PROPN	 VIII
Beginning in February 1972, he took a third of the profit from live appearances; a January 1976 agreement entitled him to half of that as well. Priscilla Presley noted that, " Elvis detested the business side of his career. He would sign a contract without	without	ADP	even	ADV	 even
Actual Allied losses are unknown. The patrols failed to intercept any formations of transports on the afternoon of the 18 April. In the evening, the Ninth Air Force's 57th Fighter Group sent out all of its squadrons, including the 314th Fighter Squadron of the 324th	324th	ADJ	Fighter	PROPN	 Fighter
On Ice's collaboration with the band, lead vocalist and bassist Halstead was quoted saying " I asked him if he could rap over [the track] and he said he can rap over anything. And he could! " Per his stepfather's request, Ice	Ice	PROPN	started	VERB	 started
On 23 October, Baćović reported to Mihailović that " in the operation of Prozor we slaughtered more than 2,000 Croats and Muslims. Our soldiers returned enthusiastic. " Borba, a Partisan newspaper, also reported that " about 2,000 souls " were " killed by the Chetniks	Chetniks	PROPN	in	ADP	 in
The actors who play these characters also serve as voice actors and physical models for the characters in the game. The web series begins as Jake Fischer arrives in Bright Falls to interview Dr. Hartman on his new book, an assignment from his publication agency. After a	a	DET	series	NOUN	 series
Catching the attention of Stalin, it set the pace for the prelude to the eventual offensive intended to reach Pavlohrad and Sinelnikovo and eventually Kharkov and Poltava. By 15 March, Soviet commanders introduced preliminary plans for an offensive towards Kharkov, assisted by a large number of	of	ADP	reserves	NOUN	 reserves
During the flight, a bomb explodes causing the plane to crash into the sea. Paul, Izzy and Elle survive. Paul's son, Robert, arrives in the guise of his twin, Cameron. Robert alienates Paul from everyone, before drugging and trapping him	him	PRON	in	ADP	 in
Rififi was nominated by the National Board of Review for Best Foreign Film. Rififi was re released theatrically in both 2000 and 2015 and is still highly acclaimed by modern film critics as one of the greatest works in French film noir. Tony " le Stéphanois " has	has	AUX	served	VERB	 served
A cogeneric species potentially similar to Phellinus ellipsoideus is P. caribaeo quercicola. The latter species shares the hooked hymenial setae and ellipsoidal to broadly ellipsoidal spores. However, details of the fruit body differ, and the spores are hyaline to yellowish, and not dextrinoid. Further	Further	ADV	,	PUNCT	,
He is interred at Greenlawn Cemetery in Milford, Ohio. When Rixey started playing, he was considered an " anomaly ". He came from a well off family and was college educated, something that was rare during his era. He wrote poetry, and took	took	VERB	graduate	ADJ	 graduate
In French drawings, Vengeur is often depicted as flying the Tricolour, which had been recently ordered by the Convention to be flown as battle ensign; however, due to a lack of bunting in Brest, Villaret had not been able to distribute this flag to all	all	DET	his	PRON	 his
Richard Stamos, who sings during halftime in the episode's football game, is the fictional brother of John Stamos, a real life actor best known for his roles on Full House and ER. Trey Parker and Matt Stone did not know Stamos when they wrote "	"	PUNCT	Big	PROPN	 Big
From birth, girls are automatically entitled to less; from playtime, to food, to education, girls can expect to always be entitled to less than their brothers. Girls also have less access to their family's income and assets, which is exacerbated among poor	poor	ADJ	,	PUNCT	,
I don't think he'd have any problem with that. Gatiss: He regards Milverton as a sort of plague, something that should be eradicated. Gavia Baker Whitelaw, writing in The Daily Dot, said that the removal of a female character was " An	An	DET	unfortunate	ADJ	 unfortunate
Beck has said that he was " raised celebrating Jewish holidays ", and that he considers himself Jewish. Beck's mother grew up amid New York's Andy Warhol Factory art scene of the 1960s, but moved to California at age 17, where she met Campbell	Campbell	PROPN	.	PUNCT	.
Tag Rugby, is a version in which the participants wear a belt with two hook and loop fastener tags, the removal of either counting as a ' tackle '. Tag Rugby also varies in the fact that kicking the ball is not allowed. Mini rugby is	is	AUX	another	DET	 another
It also had an asymmetrical wind field. Repeated penetrations were made into the eyewall, and scientists mapped the storm's three dimensional (3 D) wind field. This marked the first time that the core of a hurricane was completely mapped in 3 D. The aircraft	aircraft	NOUN	was	AUX	 was
His 233 was made in little over four hours and featured 38 fours. It was the first time that a New South Welshman (let alone a twenty year old) had scored 1,000 in a Shield season. Bradman and Bill Ponsford were the only others before him	him	PRON	.	PUNCT	.
Bergen, Norway is one of the more famous European rain cities with its yearly precipitation of 2,250 mm (89 in) on average. During the fall, winter, and spring, Pacific storm systems bring most of Hawaii and the western United States much of their	their	PRON	precipitation	NOUN	 precipitation
The Giants were so desperate to make money they allowed star Duluth Eskimos running back Ernie Nevers back into a close game after he was injured, even though by the rules they had the right to disallow his re entrance, to please fans who had come to see	see	VERB	him	PRON	 him
On 10 May 1947, he scored two goals playing for the Great Britain XI in a 6 – 1 victory over a Rest of Europe XI that was billed as the ' Match of the Century '. Five days later he scored four goals in a 10 –	–	SYM	0	NUM	 0
The musicologist Erkki Salmenhaara posits the idea of two burnings: that of 1945 which destroyed early material, and another after Sibelius finally recognised that he could never complete the work to his satisfaction. Although Sibelius informed his secretary that the symphony had been burned, the matter	matter	NOUN	remained	VERB	 remained
With the second airing, the total audience for the night was 3.2 million viewers. The episode was well received by critics. Time's reviewer James Poniewozik called " You Win or You Die " the " most thrilling and thematically rich hour to date, " AOL	AOL	PROPN	TV	PROPN	 TV
The song " Savages ", from Froot, reflects on humanity's proneness to violent acts. She is a feminist and wrote her song " Sex Yeah " as a " feminist statement. " Rory Cashin of Slate lauded Diamandis's lyrics as " esoteric, "	"	PUNCT	likening	VERB	 likening
He endeavoured to enforce prohibition of alcoholic beverages, which had been enshrined in law by a referendum during Sifton's premiership, but found that the law was not widely enough supported to be effectively policed. His government took over several of the province's financially troubled railroads	railroads	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
In general, December is the dullest month and June the sunniest. South west England enjoys a favoured location, particularly in summer, when the Azores High extends its influence north eastwards towards the UK. Cloud often forms inland, especially near hills, and reduces exposure	exposure	NOUN	to	ADP	 to
Three days later, on June 18th, Opeth released a 30 second teaser for their new album, Sorceress. A month later, on July 18th, the band confirmed the album would be released on September 30th, in addition to revealing the artwork and track list	list	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
The failure would have no impact to the mission, due to redundant systems. In addition to the survey of the orbiter's heat shield, the crew gathered and inspected the EVA tools and spacesuits that would be used for the mission's spacewalks and prepared the Flight	Flight	PROPN	Support	PROPN	 Support
This led to an Intercontinental title match on the following Raw where Hardy dropped the title to Jericho. Off screen, Hardy dropped the title after he was suspended for sixty days, as of March 11, for his second violation of the company's Substance Abuse and	and	CCONJ	Drug	PROPN	 Drug
Hoffecker, an El Paso, Texas, coin dealer, was then leading the committee in his hometown that was selling the Old Spanish Trail half dollar to the public. Although some recent commemoratives had sparked outcry from collectors that speculators had been allowed to buy up quantities	quantities	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
The music video for " In Bloom " won Best Alternative Video at the MTV Video Music Awards in 1993. Nirvana first played the song the night before it was demoed. Bassist Krist Novoselic recalled that it " originally sounded like a Bad Brains song. Then Kurt	Kurt	PROPN	turned	VERB	 turned
The elapsed time at surface pressure immediately after a dive is also an important part of decompression and can be thought of as the last decompression stop of a dive. It can take up to 24 hours for the body to return to its normal atmospheric levels of inert	inert	ADJ	gas	NOUN	 gas
He returned to the philosophy department at Berkeley, teaching psychology, and was promoted to associate professor. Stratton left for Johns Hopkins University in the early 1900s and spent a few years as faculty at the psychology department before returning to Berkeley. During this period, he	he	PRON	focused	VERB	 focused
Her grandson, John Cole, the son of Elisha Cole, was a chief justice of the Rhode Island Supreme Court. There have been numerous books and articles written about Susanna Cole's famous mother, Anne Hutchinson, most of which mention Susanna. One book has	has	AUX	been	AUX	 been
The Hong Kong Observatory assessed Conson to be slightly weaker than other agencies, with peak winds estimated at 130 km / h (80 mph) 10 minute sustained, or 150 km / h (90 mph) 1 minute sustained. On June 7, the Philippine	Philippine	PROPN	Atmospheric	PROPN	 Atmospheric
It began in Palermo on 10 May and ended in Milan on 1 June. Twenty two teams entered the race, which was won by Spaniard Alberto Contador of the Astana cycling team. Second and third respectively were Italians Riccardo Riccò and Marzio Bruseghin. Contador first took	took	VERB	the	DET	 the
And I want to apologize to them and their families. [...] I will go to my grave regretting the photograph of me in an anti aircraft gun, which looks like I was trying to shoot at American planes. It hurt so many soldiers. It	It	PRON	galvanized	VERB	 galvanized
This differs from both nearby East and South Asia. Polyethnicity, over time, can change the way societies practice cultural norms. An increase in intermarriage in the United States has led to the blurring of ethnic lines. Anti miscegenation laws (laws banning interracial marriages)	)	PUNCT	were	AUX	 were
Harrison's biographer Joshua Greene wrote, " Every Sunday she tuned in to mystical sounds evoked by sitars and tablas, hoping that the exotic music would bring peace and calm to the baby in the womb. " Harrison was born and lived the first six years of	of	ADP	his	PRON	 his
Under the orders of the president, Jamila is placed in a prison outside Jakarta, where she receives rough treatment at the hands of the guards and warden, Ria (Christine Hakim). In the prison, Ria reads Jamila's diary and learns her backstory.	.	PUNCT	Jamila	PROPN	 Jamila
This delay in departure gave colonial militiamen from outlying towns additional time to reach the road back to Boston. Lieutenant Colonel Smith, concerned about the safety of his men, sent flankers to follow a ridge and protect his forces from the roughly 1,000 colonials now in the	the	DET	field	NOUN	 field
This marked the start of a run of fourteen goals from fifteen matches, helping the Mariners to second place in the 2012 – 13 A League table and thus a place in the finals series. With seventeen goals McBreen won the A League Golden Boot, awarded to	to	ADP	the	DET	 the
In a 2005 interview, Ryde revealed that a week before he died, she had sought to end the relationship: " I couldn't cope with it. I asked him for some time. And I never saw him again. " As with the relationship he	he	PRON	had	AUX	 had
Lieutenant John Winne of Rattler was especially commended for this hazardous work. By 18: 15, Vengeur was clearly beyond salvage and only the very worst of the wounded, the dead, and the drunk remained aboard. Several sailors are said to have waved the tricolor	tricolor	NOUN	from	ADP	 from
But on 23 February, it was announced that the two Welsh ' derbies ' against the Scarlets and the Ospreys would be played at Cardiff City Stadium, rather than the Arms Park, because of Cardiff Blues ' anticipation that the attendance figures would far exceed the maximum	maximum	ADJ	capacity	NOUN	 capacity
The TU Center serves as the city's largest musical venue for nationally and internationally prominent bands, and hosts trade shows, sporting events, and other large scale community gatherings. While some praise the cultural contributions of Albany and the greater Capital District, others suggest that	that	SCONJ	the	DET	 the
This settlement, boycotted by the PF and rejected internationally, led to multiracial elections and Rhodesia's reconstitution under majority rule as Zimbabwe Rhodesia in June 1979. Muzorewa, the electoral victor, took office as the country's first black Prime Minister at the head of a	a	DET	coalition	NOUN	 coalition
He rose to prominence in the mid 1960s as the lead singer of the Northern Irish R & B band Them, with whom he recorded the garage band classic " Gloria ". His solo career began under the pop hit oriented guidance of Bert Berns with the release	release	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
I would hold that officers must have some level of particularized suspicion in order to conduct a seizure and search like the one at issue here, because (1) seizing one ’ s personal property deprives the individual of his valid possessory interest in his property, and	and	CCONJ	(	PUNCT	 (
One Order Police participant named Kurt Möbius testified during a postwar trial, that he believed the SS propaganda about the Jews being " criminals and sub humans " who had caused " Germany's decline after the First World War. " He went on to state that evading	evading	VERB	"	PUNCT	 "
Godolphin, Marlborough, and Harley, who had replaced Nottingham as Secretary of State for the Northern Department, formed a ruling " triumvirate ". They were forced to rely more and more on support from the Whigs, and particularly from the Whig Junto — Lords Somers	Somers	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
Zdeněk Štybar (Etixx Quick Step) took over the pace setting in the peloton as it approached the Côte de Saint Nicolas and he reduced the gap to Kreuziger, Caruso and Fuglsang. On the climb, Valverde came to the front of the group to control the	the	DET	pace	NOUN	 pace
The turrets were noted by the U.S. Office of Naval Intelligence to be " similar to the British 15 inch turrets ", with improvements made in flash tightness. Each of her main guns could fire high explosive or armor piercing shells 38,770 yards (19.14 nmi; 35.45	35.45	NUM	km	NOUN	 km
Four singles were released from the album. The first, the title track, was released to a generally negative critical reception, with Blender naming it the ninth worst song of all time. It charted at number 37 in the US while it entered the top ten	ten	NUM	in	ADP	 in
To his contemporaries and now to some modern art historians, this has been seen as a significant achievement during a transitional period of great social and political change in Japan's history. The artist who became known as Toyohara Kunichika was born Ōshima Yasohachi on June 30,	,	PUNCT	1835	NUM	 1835
For the Battle of the Kerch Peninsula, launched on 8 May 1942, Hitler finally assigned Manstein major air support. The 11th Army was outnumbered on the ground, so Manstein had them feint an attack in the north while the bulk of the force attacked to the	the	DET	south	NOUN	 south
Divers left the water briefly on August 18 while the company's crew used cranes, excavation drills and cutting torches to remove parts of the bridge deck, beams and girders, hoping to improve access for the divers. After the last person's remains were pulled from	from	ADP	the	DET	 the
Franz Joseph praised Potiorek for seizing the town; cities across the empire made Potiorek an honorary citizen and Sarajevo even named a street after him. Valjevo's capture led the Austro Hungarians to believe that they were on the verge of defeating Serbia and that the Serbian Army	Army	PROPN	was	AUX	 was
His appearances in NJPW became much more sporadic around this time, with his final match to date taking place on April 24, 2005, a loss to 6 time IWGP Heavyweight Champion Tatsumi Fujinami. On May 7, 2005, Katsuhiko participated in the 2005 Differ Cup	Cup	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
Others suggest that the two armies lobbed potatoes instead of cannonballs or mortars. A third theory maintains that the war acquired its popular name because it took place during the potato harvest. The underlying problem was not solved: Joseph's foreign policy dictated the expansion of Habsburg	Habsburg	PROPN	influence	NOUN	 influence
Other social events also turn sour: a lunch party with Mr Finsworth, the father of an old friend, is marred by some unfortunate comments by Pooter on the Finsworth family portraits. On another occasion they meet a loud and over opinionated American, Mr Hardfur Huttle	Huttle	PROPN	who	PRON	 who
They chose to use the family of Mr. Snuffleupagus (" Snuffy "), a large Muppet that had been on the show since 1971. Long time cast member Bob McGrath stated, " They knew they couldn't do it with either of our married couples —	—	PUNCT	Gordon	PROPN	 Gordon
Japan interpreted this as deliberate prevarications designed to buy time to complete the Russian armament programs. The final straws were news of Russian timber concessions in northern Korea and the Russian refusal to acknowledge Japanese interests in Manchuria while continuing to place conditions on Japanese activities in Korea.	.	PUNCT	These	PRON	 These
" " To Catch a Predator " was written during the mixing process, when the group realized that the album needed a song " that attacks an evil ". Inspired by the television series To Catch a Predator, the song's lyrics describe Violent J luring pedophiles	pedophiles	NOUN	into	ADP	 into
The iteration is now known as Old Clear Creek Road. Only a small portion of Old Clear Creek Road is currently maintained by the state as unsigned SR 705, the remainder is an access road for private residences in the canyon. The modern route, also using	using	VERB	Clear	PROPN	 Clear
Because Tourette's tends to subside with maturity, and because milder cases of Tourette's are now more likely to be recognized, the first realization that a parent had tics as a child may not come until their offspring is diagnosed. It is not uncommon for several	several	ADJ	members	NOUN	 members
On February 11, 2014, Nakajima earned his first win over his mentor Kensuke Sasaki in the main event of a show celebrating his tenth anniversary in professional wrestling. The match turned out to be Sasaki's retirement match. On July 31, 2015, Nakajima left	left	VERB	Diamond	PROPN	 Diamond
Dudley's name does not appear on the land grant issued to the company that year, but he was almost certainly involved in the formative stages of the company, whose investors and supporters included many individuals in the Earl of Lincoln's circle. The company sent a	a	DET	small	ADJ	 small
I have one recommendation to make to the New Zealand [Rugby] Union, if it was to undertake such a tour again, and that is to play the Welsh matches first. " The 1905 – 06 Originals are remembered as perhaps the greatest of All Black	Black	ADJ	sides	NOUN	 sides
As styles changed over the next few years, Nancy began to appear in glamorous frocks, with immaculately set hair, pearls, matching hats, gloves, and handbags. By the 1940s, Nancy wore simpler, tailored suits and outfits; her hair was often arranged	arranged	VERB	in	ADP	 in
Composed of Bosnian Muslims (ethnic Bosniaks) with some Catholic Croat soldiers and mostly German and Yugoslav Volksdeutsche (ethnic German) officers and non commissioned officers, it took an oath of allegiance to both Adolf Hitler and the Croatian leader Ante Pavelić. The division fought briefly	briefly	ADV	in	ADP	 in
Perot formed the Reform Party of the United States of America in 1995, and ran for president under the party's banner the following year. During the election, he failed to appear in the presidential debates, and finished in third place with about 8% of	of	ADP	the	DET	 the
The statement regarding two different volleys of shots was upheld by various people, including ex officer Jesus Quiñones before a Federal grand jury (he quit the force shortly after the shootings), and three other civilian witnesses in a San Juan Star interview. Subsequently, the	the	DET	legislature	NOUN	 legislature
In 1917, when the first two photographs were taken, Elsie was 16 years old and Frances was 9. The pictures came to the attention of writer Sir Arthur Conan Doyle, who used them to illustrate an article on fairies he had been commissioned to write for	for	ADP	the	DET	 the
TAB Gida is Turkey's largest multi brand restaurant operator and one of the largest Burger King franchisees in Europe with 450 locations in that country. The previous year, the Cartesian Capital Group had taken a minority stake in TAB Gida, giving the firm access to additional	additional	ADJ	capital	NOUN	 capital
Vettel led by 0.9 seconds on the final lap, before he ran wide at turn six. Button passed him to take the lead, and held it to win the race. Vettel recovered from going off track and finished second, ahead of Webber in third and	and	CCONJ	Schumacher	PROPN	 Schumacher
Colored diamonds contain crystallographic defects, including substitutional impurities and structural defects, that cause the coloration. Theoretically, pure diamonds would be transparent and colorless. Diamonds are scientifically classed into two main types and several subtypes, according to the nature of defects present and how they	they	PRON	affect	VERB	 affect
He was Member of Parliament (MP) for the Easington constituency from 1970 until his retirement in 1987. Described as an " old style centre right socialist ", Dormand was a working class child who progressed through grammar school education to study at Oxford and Harvard to	to	ADP	a	DET	 a
The building is currently the location of Scientology's National Affairs office. The mansion was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1975. The mansion was designed by the architectural firm of Hornblower and Marshall in an early eclectic beaux arts style to serve as the	the	DET	home	NOUN	 home
The song received positive reviews, praising the production and Shirley Manson's singing, and became the band's breakthrough single, charting strongly on both the UK Singles Chart and Billboard Hot 100. It also crossed over to pop radio formats, propelling their debut album into	into	ADP	the	DET	 the
Among the notable finds is a golden plaque showing a snake curling on a staff, a Hellenic symbol of Eshmun. and a granite altar bearing the name of Egyptian Pharaoh Achoris uncovered in the Eshmun sanctuary. This gift attests to the good relations between the Pharaoh and	and	CCONJ	the	DET	 the
In May 1747 Hopkins was appointed as a justice of the Rhode Island Supreme Court, and in 1751 became the third Chief Justice of this body. In 1755 he was elected to his first term as governor of the colony, and served a total of nine of	of	ADP	the	DET	 the
This gave them greater powers, but in return, they and their descendants were forever cursed. They renamed their clan the Yagami and set out to destroy the Kusanagi with their new powers. In response, the Kusanagi declared war on the Yagami, which led to	to	ADP	many	ADJ	 many
She performed five songs, beginning with " I'll Be Lovin ' U Long Time " as a mash up with " Touch My Body ", and her previous songs, " Shake It Off " and " We Belong Together " from The Emancipation of Mimi (	(	PUNCT	2005	NUM	2005
Even though its offensive strength was largely spent by September 9, the division continued to harass rear areas around Changnyong with infiltrating groups as large as companies. Patrols daily had to open the main supply road and clear the town. North Korean and US troops remained locked	locked	VERB	in	ADP	 in
For example, the usual passive Foster impedance matching networks can only match the impedance of an antenna with a transmission line at discrete frequencies, which limits the bandwidth of the antenna. A non Foster network could match an antenna over a continuous band of frequencies. This	This	PRON	would	AUX	 would
Horner Woodlands and Tarr Steps woodlands are prime examples. The country's highest beech tree, 350 metres (1,148 ft) above sea level, is at Birch Cleave at Simonsbath but beech in hedgebanks grow up to 490 metres (1,608 ft). At least two	two	NUM	species	NOUN	 species
This first division of the kingdom became the seed of discord and wars between the dukes and the kings of Hungary. Urged by his brother, Béla returned in 1048 and received one third of the kingdom, with the title of duke. Béla's ducatus or "	"	PUNCT	duchy	ADJ	 duchy
Following that objection, other groups began to organize during the 1963 North American Wildlife and Natural Resources Conference. Fifteen conservation groups pooled a total of $25,000 at the meeting to begin an independent scientific study of the project and start an opposition campaign. In the spring	spring	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
On 5 December 1922, Lemieux concluded an agreement with France in which France granted Canada " freely and for all time " the use of 100 hectares (250 acres) of land on Vimy Ridge, in recognition of Canada's war effort. The only condition placed	placed	VERB	on	ADP	 on
The breezeway is a roof supported by eight log columns with log railings. The ends of the pavilion are built from log walls with white chinking, like log cabins. Each end has a large opening to the breezeway in one wall, while the other three sides	sides	NOUN	are	AUX	 are
Kelly also makes the remark, " I hope Dwight gets fired and they get a hot new guy to replace him, " to which Oscar replies, " Seriously. " In another 52 second scene, Michael asks Dwight to go on a stroll, but Dwight	Dwight	PROPN	suggests	VERB	 suggests
A 1947 report by the Truman administration titled To Secure These Rights presented a detailed ten point agenda of civil rights reforms. In February 1948, the president submitted a civil rights agenda to Congress that proposed creating several federal offices devoted to issues such as voting rights and	and	CCONJ	fair	ADJ	 fair
Around noon on November 8, when it was about 375 miles (604 km) southwest of Acapulco, the depression was upgraded to Tropical Storm Rick. The storm developed a cold central dense overcast, turned northeast, and became a hurricane on November 9. An	An	DET	eye	NOUN	 eye
Avoid. " In a 2007 interview for Esquire magazine, author and Coltrane biographer Ben Ratliff praised Coltrane's music and balladry, stating " His work contains most of the well known ideals of jazz... If you're interested in improvisation, this guy pushed improvisation to	to	ADP	the	DET	 the
" Cadoux Hudson said, " I thought Cambridge would murder us but we took 20 colossal strokes and there was a primeval scream from the crew. There was a huge release. " In 1989 Topolski and author Patrick Robinson's book about the events, True Blue	Blue	NOUN	:	PUNCT	:
Wright saw a wide range of possible science fiction storylines in the original Stargate (1994) film that could take place in the present day. Meanwhile, Glassner was interested in the feature film's theme that Ancient Egypt had been partially or completely built by aliens.	.	PUNCT	Upon	SCONJ	 Upon
Still without a contract when the 1991 – 92 season began, Cullen missed the first four games before signing a four year deal with Hartford worth a total of $4 million. He returned to score 77 points in 77 games in his first full season with the	the	DET	Whalers	PROPN	 Whalers
The controversy involved her belief that that abortion was tragic but should be legal, despite her vows as a religious and the teachings of the Catholic Church. After graduating from college in Detroit, Mansour entered religious orders then earned a doctorate degree in biochemistry. She served	served	VERB	as	ADP	 as
In this episode, Scully grows suspicious of Mulder when she thinks he may be helping a terrorist organization. Scully begins to wonder if he is now a traitor to the FBI. It is eventually revealed that Mulder is working as a mole in the group, and	and	CCONJ	he	PRON	 he
Other kitsune have characteristics reminiscent of vampires or succubi and feed on the life or spirit of human beings, generally through sexual contact. Kitsunetsuki (Japanese: 狐憑き, 狐付き), also written kitsune tsuki, literally means " the state of being possessed by a fox	fox	NOUN	"	PUNCT	 "
He was instead selected second overall in the draft by the Oshawa Generals. As a rookie in the OHL, Horton totaled 31 goals and 36 assists in 64 games for the Generals. During two seasons with Oshawa, Horton would score 64 goals and recorded 71 assists	assists	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
The Indians was sold to Art Ranney and Frank Nied. The two changed the team name to the Akron Pros, as they hoped to achieve a better record and crowd. Representatives of four Ohio League teams — the Canton Bulldogs, the Cleveland Tigers, the Dayton	Dayton	PROPN	Triangles	PROPN	 Triangles
The majority of its combat forces would be transferred to the Fifth United States Army under Lieutenant General Mark W. Clark. This had already been planned by Eisenhower, who had previously told Patton that his Seventh Army would not be part of the upcoming Allied invasion of Italy	Italy	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
With the transformation, Qin became able to command a far greater assembly of labourers to be used in public works than the prior feudal kingdoms. Also, once unification was achieved, Qin found itself in possession of a large professional army with no more internal enemies to	to	PART	fight	VERB	 fight
After the enemy had been repulsed, fifteen enemy dead were found only a few feet from Sergeant Negrón's position. The extraordinary heroism exhibited by Sergeant Negrón on this occasion reflects great credit on himself and is in keeping with the finest traditions of the military service.	.	PUNCT	A	DET	 A
However, he can not be lbw if the ball pitches on the leg side of the stumps (" outside leg stump "), even if the ball would have otherwise hit the wickets. Similarly, a batsman who has attempted to hit the ball with his	his	PRON	bat	NOUN	 bat
Although the carrier did not disclose specific numbers, media reports estimated that the Heathrow to New York service made an annual £20 million operating profit by the early 2000s (decade). As British Airways headed towards privatisation, Sir John King hired Colin Marshall as CEO	CEO	NOUN	in	ADP	 in
Theories on its origins include descent from Iberian horses, similar to many regional mountain horses, or possibly Oriental horses brought to the area by settlers from the east. Small black horses from the area of Ariège have been recorded as early as the time of Julius Caesar	Caesar	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
He told his students that it should be possible to produce an orchestration without resorting to glockenspiels, celestas, xylophones, bells or electrical instruments. Debussy admired the spareness of Fauré's orchestration, finding in it the transparency he strove for in his own 1913 ballet Jeux	Jeux	PROPN	;	PUNCT	;
From his current economic perspective, Yancey began to identify the anti slavery movement negatively with issues such as the establishment of a national bank, internal improvements, and expanding federal power. As the former nationalist moved to a states ’ rights position, Yancey also changed his	his	PRON	attitude	NOUN	 attitude
The sport grew in popularity in Europe during the 19th century, but has since experienced a decline due in part to the introduction of greyhound racing with betting, and animal welfare legislation. In recent decades, controversy has developed around hare coursing, with some viewing it	it	PRON	as	ADP	 as
" Levine would co produce Paul's follow up release Stories, which was released on Black Wolf in 1994 and re released on Rounder Records the following year. It was also in 1994 that Paul was first invited to play the Kerrville Folk Festival, winning the Kerrville	Kerrville	PROPN	New	PROPN	 New
Lords managed to get Paul Oakenfold add the song to his DJ set. His remix of the song was included on the soundtrack to the film Virtuosity (1995), in which Lords had a cameo. Two music videos for the song were released: one features	features	VERB	the	DET	 the
Clermont's offer requested a 24 ceasefire to negotiate terms, but Braithwaite allowed only until 08: 00 the following morning, during which time the construction of British earthworks would continue. Clermont, isolated and unsupported, accepted the terms, and the following morning Braithwaite's	's	PART	army	NOUN	 army
As print collector and dealer Christopher Lennox Boyd explains, " had there not been a market for such engravings, not one of the paintings would have been commissioned, and few, if any, of the artists would have risked painting such elaborate compositions ". Scholars	Scholars	NOUN	believe	VERB	 believe
The album pays tribute to the late 1970s and early 1980s era of music in the United States, particularly the sounds of said era that emerged from Los Angeles. This theme was reflected in the promotional campaign for the album that included billboards, television advertisements and a	a	DET	web	NOUN	 web
The club has been relegated six times — in 1961 – 62, 1980 – 81, 1992 – 93, 2000 – 01, 2010 – 11 and most recently at the end of the 2013 – 14 season. The highest position in the football ladder achieved by	by	ADP	Rovers	PROPN	 Rovers
Parker edited Lone Survivor during principal photography, but was not on location. " I like to blast through the footage to keep up with the camera. This way I can let [Berg] know if any extra coverage is needed, " he explained. "	"	PUNCT	Often	ADV	 Often
Like the Federal Constitution, the Virginia Bill of Rights, in § 17, states that the listing of certain rights is not to be construed to exclude other rights held by the people. In 1997, a Victims ' Rights Amendment was added to the Virginia Bill	Bill	PROPN	of	ADP	 of
At 12: 00 on 7 August, Gavutu was assaulted by the U.S. Marine 1st Parachute Battalion consisting of 397 men. The assault was scheduled for noon because there were not enough aircraft to provide air cover for the Guadalcanal, Tulagi, and Gavutu landings at the	the	DET	same	ADJ	 same
Reception of the game's presentation was mixed. The Japanese release was a commercial failure, while the game sold better than expected for the genre in the United States. Nine Hours, Nine Persons, Nine Doors is a visual novel adventure game in which the player	player	NOUN	assumes	VERB	 assumes
All in all, this looks good. " However, Sam Wollaston was more critical of the series, stating that — while the tone was " atmospheric, intriguing, gripping " and there were strong performances from the lead cast members — The Tunnel was " exactly	exactly	ADV	the	DET	 the
In January of the following year, Nick Cassavetes signed on to direct the film. On November 13, 2012, TheWrap reported that Cameron Diaz was in talks for the lead role. Diaz's representative also revealed that actress Kristen Wiig was under consideration for the wife	wife	NOUN	role	NOUN	 role
Swank's anonymity as an actor persuaded Peirce to cast her; Peirce said she did not want a " known actor " to portray Teena. In addition, Peirce felt that Swank's audition was " the first time I saw someone who not only blurred the gender	gender	NOUN	lines	NOUN	 lines
The film is based on the Katherine Paterson novel of the same name, and released by Walt Disney Pictures. The film stars Josh Hutcherson, AnnaSophia Robb, Robert Patrick, Bailee Madison and Zooey Deschanel. Bridge to Terabithia tells the story of Jesse Aarons and Leslie	Leslie	PROPN	Burke	PROPN	 Burke
The original 7 World Trade Center was a 47 story building, designed by Emery Roth & Sons, with a red granite facade. The building was 610 feet (190 m) tall, with a trapezoidal footprint that was 330 ft (100 m) long and	and	CCONJ	140	NUM	 140
An image of Rodemeyer was shown on the backdrop as Gaga announced: " We lost a Little Monster this week. I wrote this record about how your identity is really all you've got when you're in school... so tonight, Jamey, I know you	you	PRON	're	AUX	're
This excludes the two new ethnic groups added to the 2011 census of Gypsy or Irish Traveller and Arab. The population rose rapidly during the second half of the 19th century, but declined by over 1.6% from 1931 to 1951. Plymouth's gross value added (	(	PUNCT	a	DET	a
Hutchinson told her followers that Wilson lacked " the seal of the Spirit. " Wilson's theological views conformed with those of all of the other ministers in the colony except for Cotton, who instead stressed " the inevitability of God's will " (a covenant of	of	ADP	grace	NOUN	 grace
He made 16 appearances in League Two, helping them to finish fourth place, reaching the play offs. Woodhouse played in both of Grimsby's play off semi final victories over Lincoln City, setting up the only goal of the game in the first leg. He	He	PRON	played	VERB	 played
She has rare beauty, vivacity, wit, intellectual attainments and athletic grace. " One CMPC shooting location was on family property near Boulder Creek, California where Middleton's father had established a timber holding now known as the Middleton Tract. Other filming locations included undeveloped	undeveloped	ADJ	portions	NOUN	 portions
There is no agreement. The verb stays singular. If a plural verb is used as in Á carir it means " let them do it " referring to persons not present or at any rate not addressed directly. The copula in late Quenya is the verb na-	na-	PROPN	.	PUNCT	.
La Pérouse sent one of the frigates to chase after her. Seahorse's captain, William Cristopher, suspecting from its behavior that the French ship lacked good charts for the bay, escaped by a ruse. He gave orders to have his sails furled as if he	he	PRON	was	AUX	 was
The player must then race through the level as quickly as possible. Scattered throughout the level are yellow crates with the numbers 1, 2 or 3 on them. When these crates are broken, the timer is frozen for the number of seconds designated by the box	box	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
This midfield partnership massively contributed to a change towards a continental playing style embraced by manager Alex Ferguson and assistant Carlos Queiroz, which relied on passing and keeping possession in contrast to the more traditionally direct and all action style of English football. His unassuming style, however	however	ADV	,	PUNCT	,
Cuthbert Collingwood, one of the captains overlooked by the despatch, subsequently described Curtis as " an artful, sneeking creature, whose fawning insinuating manners creeps into the confidence of whoever he attacks and whose rapacity wou'd grasp all honours and all profits that come within his view	view	NOUN	"	PUNCT	 "
The expansion cost NOK 920 million, which included blasting 110,000 cubic metres (3,900,000 cu ft) of rock and pouring 33,000 cubic metres (1,200,000 cu ft) of concrete. The work resulted in 830 meters (2,720 ft) of new tunnel, a new entrance	entrance	NOUN	hall	NOUN	 hall
San Marino gained affiliation to governing bodies FIFA and UEFA in 1988, allowing the team to participate in major championships. Prior to this, Sammarinese players had been considered Italian in international football contexts. San Marino's first match in a FIFA sanctioned competition was against Switzerland	Switzerland	PROPN	on	ADP	 on
To increase the number of club fixtures, they also joined the mid week United Counties League. Robson established a team of sixteen professionals, mainly drawn from Middlesbrough. The club's inaugural campaign in Division Two of the Southern League, which consisted mainly of other clubs	clubs	NOUN	'	PART	 '
Attacks on the English held zones, with the near certain backing of Robert, began in 1373 and accelerated in the years 1375 – 7. This indicated that a central decision had probably been taken for the escalation of conflict rather than the previous small scale marauding attacks	attacks	NOUN	by	ADP	 by
Minimization results for convex functionals are also a direct consequence of the slightly more abstract fact that closed bounded convex subsets in a Hilbert space H are weakly compact, since H is reflexive. The existence of weakly convergent subsequences is a special case of the Eberlein – Šmulian	Šmulian	ADJ	theorem	VERB	 theorem
Over the next two days, ground searchers found four bone fragments that were about 2 by 1.5 inches (5 by 4 cm) in size. However, DNA tests subsequently showed that these fragments were not human. On October 29, search teams recovered two large	large	ADJ	human	ADJ	 human
Samantha Urban of The Dallas Morning News dismissed the fact that Shelby had been hired to form a second glee club at McKinley as " mind bogglingly idiotic ". Amy Reiter of the Los Angeles Times found the idea incomprehensible, and Vanity Fair's Brett Berk wrote,	,	PUNCT	"	PUNCT	 "
At the same time, on 9 July, Albert Kalonji proclaimed the independence of South Kasai. Two days later on 11 July, Moise Tshombe declared the independence of Katanga province in the south east, closely backed by remaining Belgian administrators and soldiers. On 14 July	July	PROPN	1960	NUM	 1960
1948; also known as Ngnoia) is a Walpiri speaking Indigenous artist from Australia's Western Desert region. Ngoia Pollard married Jack Tjampitjinpa, who became an artist working with the Papunya Tula company, and they had five children. Having commenced painting in 1997, Ngoia	Ngoia	PROPN	Pollard	PROPN	 Pollard
" Stargate writer Martin Gero called Vala " so much fun to write, almost too fun. You do kind of get carried away. " Michael Shanks repeatedly stated in interviews that Claudia Black revitalized his interest in acting. While TV Guide called Vala a " saucy	saucy	NOUN	[	X	 [
In his 1970 interview with Rolling Stone, he said " Hey Jude " was worthy of an A side, " but we could have had both. " In 1980, he told Playboy he still disagreed with the decision. The single was a highly successful debut	debut	NOUN	for	ADP	 for
In Deadpool Killustrated # 1 (2012), Miles Morales ' corpse is seen among those of various Spider Men across various dimensions of the multiverse that an alternate Deadpool has killed. Miles Morales appears in the Ultimate Spider Man TV series where he is initially voiced by	by	ADP	Donald	PROPN	 Donald
Some may have drowsiness, decreased muscle tone, a hoarse sounding cry, feeding difficulties, constipation, an enlarged tongue, umbilical hernia, dry skin, a decreased body temperature and jaundice. A goiter is rare, although it may develop later in children who have	have	VERB	a	DET	 a
In 1993, Bruce Dickinson left the band to further pursue his solo career, but agreed to remain for a farewell tour and two live albums (later re released in one package). The first, A Real Live One, featured songs from 1986 to 1992	1992	NUM	,	PUNCT	,
" In July 2008, Campbell was selected for the pre season tour of South Africa with the Manchester United first team, and scored the team's fourth goal in a 4 – 0 win over Kaizer Chiefs in the final of the 2008 Vodacom Challenge. He also	also	ADV	scored	VERB	 scored
On March 21, a teaser trailer was released; it was 12 seconds long and showed clips of an unidentified flying object. Its music video was directed by Floria Sigismondi. Prior to release, Perry aspired to make it " larger than life. " The video	video	NOUN	begins	VERB	 begins
The pricing was leveled off for the second night and they gradually decreased with the tour's progress. This was evident in the tour date switch up between May 12 and 15 at Washington and Philadelphia, respectively, where the ticket prices fell by 29.5%. Reports	Reports	NOUN	arose	VERB	 arose
On October 16, 1890, a new Mint director, Edward O. Leech, took office. Leech, aged 38 at the time, had spent his career at the Bureau of the Mint, and was an enthusiastic supporter of redesign. He took the precaution of	of	ADP	obtaining	VERB	 obtaining
At normal therapeutic doses, the physical side effects of amphetamine vary widely by age and from person to person. Cardiovascular side effects can include hypertension or hypotension from a vasovagal response, Raynaud's phenomenon (reduced blood flow to extremities), and tachycardia (increased heart	heart	NOUN	rate	NOUN	 rate
Ganoga Lake is the source of the branch of Kitchen Creek that flows through Ganoga Glen, which has the tallest waterfall. Ricketts was a lumberman who made his fortune clearcutting nearly all his land, but no logging was allowed within 0.5 mile (0.8 km) of	of	ADP	the	DET	 the
In September she announced a tour that would last until the end of the year. M.I.A. also promoted the album with an appearance on the " Late Show with David Letterman ", during which she performed " Born Free " with Martin Rev of Suicide playing keyboards,	,	PUNCT	backed	VERB	 backed
A barrel chest is a characteristic sign of COPD, but is relatively uncommon. Tripod positioning may occur as the disease worsens. Advanced COPD leads to high pressure on the lung arteries, which strains the right ventricle of the heart. This situation is referred to as	as	ADP	cor	NOUN	 cor
Not only did the album make The Get Up Kids the poster children for emo, but it also launched the genre into a public consciousness broader than the scattered local scenes that had previously embraced it. The album gave Vagrant Records the financial backing to grow and sign	sign	VERB	a	DET	 a
Cope noticed that in other sauropod dinosaurs, specifically A. altus and Camarasaurus supremus, the femora were always twice as tall as the tallest dorsal vertebra, and estimated the size of an A. fragillimus femur to be 12 ft (3.6 m) tall. In 1994,	,	PUNCT	using	VERB	 using
Running on an improved version of Unreal Engine 3, it makes use of the tools and special effects like lighting and depth of field engineered for Remember Me as well as subsequent advances. Visual effects like post processes, double exposure and overlapping screen space particles were used	used	VERB	as	ADP	 as
Instead of featuring a display screen, the console connects to a television via HDMI. Users can play using a DualShock 3 controller, although due to the difference in features between the controller and the handheld, certain games are not compatible with PS TV, such as	as	ADP	those	PRON	 those
It was released on October 7, 2013, by GOOD Music and Def Jam Recordings. While leading up to the album's announcement, Pusha T released the mixtape Fear of God and the EP Fear of God II: Let Us Pray during 2011, along with	with	ADP	collaborating	VERB	 collaborating
In the 1980s Irving started researching and writing about topics other than Nazi Germany, but with less success. He began his research on his three part biography of Winston Churchill. After publication Irving's work on Churchill received at least one bad review from Professor David Cannadine	Cannadine	PROPN	(	PUNCT	 (
On 6 July 1998, it was declared that the design of Enric Miralles was chosen, with work being awarded to EMBT / RMJM (Scotland) Ltd, a Spanish Scottish joint venture design company, specifically created for the project. Construction, which was undertaken by	by	ADP	Bovis	PROPN	 Bovis
After the 1980 eruption of Mount St. Helens, research in the niche grew as more studies identified debris at well known volcanoes. His work on flows at Mount St. Helens is considered the most complete in the field to date. It was later published in 1996 as	as	ADP	a	DET	 a
The southern border of Chiswick runs along the River Thames, which is crossed in this area by Barnes Railway and Foot Bridge, Chiswick Bridge, Kew Railway Bridge and Kew Bridge. River services between Westminster Pier and Hampton Court depart from Kew Gardens Pier just across Kew	Kew	PROPN	Bridge	PROPN	 Bridge
In 1943, aged 14, he began work at the Post Office. He played football for the works team, and quickly received an invitation to play for Moor Green, one of the strongest amateur teams in the area. His performances for Moor Green resulted in	in	ADP	interest	NOUN	 interest
It was run by Peierls, with the help of fellow German refugee scientist Klaus Fuchs. The laboratories at the University of Liverpool and the University of Oxford experimented with different types of isotope separation. Chadwick's group at Liverpool dealt with thermal diffusion, which worked based	based	VERB	on	ADP	 on
She soon decided to move to San Francisco, and received permission from her friend, Dennis Percy, to stay with his family there until she found work as an insurance claims processor. She persuaded her former roommate from Texas Woman's University, Ginny Mathis, to	to	PART	join	VERB	 join
In 1955, Eero Saarinen was contracted to develop a second master plan, which led to the construction of buildings both north and south of the Midway, including the Laird Bell Law Quadrangle (a complex designed by Saarinen); a series of arts buildings; a	a	DET	building	NOUN	 building
Although it dodged one torpedo on 6 September, it was not able to avoid another on the 15th. Out of a six torpedo salvo from a Japanese submarine, three hit the carrier Wasp, one hit O'Brien, one missed, and one struck North Carolina.	.	PUNCT	A	DET	 A
Led by Wing Commander Lou Spence, No. 77 Squadron was committed to action over Korea as part of United Nations Command, and came under the operational control of the US Fifth Air Force. The Australian unit was specifically requested by General Douglas MacArthur, commander of	of	ADP	UN	PROPN	 UN
Gascoigne subsequently sent Jones a red rose, and the two became good friends. He was named as the PFA Young Player of the Year and listed on the PFA Team of the Year in the 1987 – 88 season, and was the subject of offers from both	both	PRON	Manchester	PROPN	 Manchester
After the European trip, he helped lead Clay County to a 15 – 0 record in Amateur Athletic Union play. It was the first AAU season which recognized the three point field goal, and Farmer made 53 of his 73 three point attempts. In July 1987	1987	NUM	,	PUNCT	,
Whereas the Flood are only hinted at being intelligent in Halo: Combat Evolved, the Halo Graphic Novel shows the Flood have a hive mind, assimilating the knowledge of their hosts rapidly. Lee Hammock, writer of The Last Voyage of the Infinite Succor, described the	the	DET	basis	NOUN	 basis
While Cobb remains in Limbo to search for Saito, the other team members ride the synchronized kicks back to reality. Cobb eventually finds an aged Saito in Limbo and reminds him of their agreement. The dreamers all awaken on the plane and Saito makes a phone call	call	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
Now running north northeast, the highway heads through heavy woodland, with trees in the median. US 13 intersects MD 640 (Revells Neck Road), which heads west to serve the Eastern Correctional Institution. From here, the road heads north through a mix of	of	ADP	woods	NOUN	 woods
The Universe is composed almost completely of dark energy, dark matter, and ordinary matter. Other contents are electromagnetic radiation (estimated to be from 0.005% to close to 0.01%) and antimatter. The total amount of electromagnetic radiation generated within the universe has decreased	decreased	VERB	by	ADP	 by
" Ignatiy Vishnevetsky of The A.V. Club found the character " pitiful, and sometimes downright painful to watch. He ’ s not Hardy ’ s Boldwood, but he ’ s a Boldwood. The only sad, genuine moment of the film belongs to him. "	"	PUNCT	Peter	PROPN	 Peter
Larssen prevailed over Carlsen and Førre in the vote for the new subeditor. Only Monsen and Larssen were employed in the newspaper to work with editorial content. In 1913, Monsen managed to contract known personalities from the labour movement as " regular contributors ". These were	were	AUX	the	DET	 the
In March 2015, The Supreme Court of Canada ruled against Quebec, clearing the way for the destruction of all registry data. The Canadian women's movement sees the massacre as a symbol of violence against women. " The death of those young women would not be	be	AUX	in	ADP	 in
At the final whistle, Barcelona manager Pep Guardiola offered his commiserations to each of Manchester United's players, while former Manchester United defender Gerard Piqué talked with his erstwhile team mates. Both teams then retreated to either end of the stadium to applaud their fans. While	While	SCONJ	match	NOUN	 match
Hearings were mandated after A. Mitchell Palmer, the federal government's Alien Property Custodian responsible for German owned property in the U.S., testified in September 1918 that the USBA and the rest of the overwhelmingly German liquor industry harbored pro German sentiments. He stated that " German	German	ADJ	brewers	NOUN	 brewers
To ensure this neutrality, the Dutch army was mobilised from 24 August and entrenched. Large sums (almost 900 million guilders) were spent on defence. It proved very difficult to obtain new matériel in wartime, however, especially as the Dutch had ordered some of	of	ADP	their	PRON	 their
During his childhood, Dean was interested in physical fitness, and began weightlifting and running, activities he would continue throughout much of his life. His first jobs included selling magazines for spending money. Growing up in Carlyle, Dean was the town's main paperboy for	for	ADP	The	DET	 The
Then I said, ' Oh, can you sing this part? ' and she agreed to. " Further explanation about Lourdes ' singing on the track was given: She has a very good voice. She's quite shy about it and won't admit it	it	PRON	.	PUNCT	.
He was promoted to first lieutenant on February 25, 1891 while serving on detached service as Professor of Military Science and Tactics at St. John's College (now known as Fordham University), from which he received an honorary degree. Following another stint of detached service	service	NOUN	in	ADP	 in
The distribution rights for Thuppakki in Tamil Nadu were bought by Gemini Film Circuit. Several distributors including Bellamkonda Suresh, Geetha Films and Suresh Films were competing for the Telugu dubbing rights, with SVR eventually purchasing the rights for ₹ 15 crore, the second highest in terms	terms	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
At a poker game in the White House, Forbes said that Harding would remove a $1,000 fine imposed on prize fighter Jack Johnson who had been released from Leavenworth Penitentiary in 1921. On December 16, 1927, after the publication of his New York World article	article	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
The book was richly illustrated by Howard Chandler Christy and Riley authored a few new poems for the book under the pseudonym " Uncle Sydney. " Rhymes of Childhood became Riley's best selling book, and sold millions of copies. It has remained in print continually since	since	SCONJ	1912	NUM	 1912
In the four years that followed, Bayard sought to build support for another run at the nomination. He and Tilden competed for support among Eastern conservatives because of their support for the gold standard. The gold standard was less popular in the South, but there Bayard	Bayard	PROPN	stacked	VERB	 stacked
On 12 April 1345, he was granted a canonry in the diocese of Dunkeld with expectation of a prebend, but does not appear to have obtained this in practice, although he did obtain a different Dunkeld canonry with prebend on 12 May 1352. This he retained	retained	VERB	until	ADP	 until
Around 1830, the Faroese poet Jens Christian Djurhuus composed a ballad on the battle titled Ormurin langi, following Snorri's account. The ballad was well received and remains among the most popular and well known Faroese ballads. In 2002, a heavy metal version by the	the	DET	band	NOUN	 band
In 1883, Leno met Sarah Lydia Reynolds (1866 – 1942), a young dancer and comedy singer from Birmingham, while both were appearing at King Ohmy's Circus of Varieties, Rochdale. The daughter of a stage carpenter, Lydia, as she was known	known	VERB	professionally	ADV	 professionally
A plaque can be found located in the club's trophy display. Tunbridge Wells Borough Council honoured Joanne with the award of their Civic Medallion after her return from Seoul in recognition of her efforts and achievements at such a young age. The Tunbridge Wells Half Marathon is	is	AUX	an	DET	 an
Part of the CD's proceeds of sale went to charity. Pistorius also actively supports the Mineseeker Foundation, a charity that works to raise awareness for landmine victims and has a support programme to provide prosthetics for victims. On 21 February 2013, after previously suspending adverts	adverts	NOUN	that	SCONJ	 that
According to football writer Sid Lowe, " There have been relatively few mentions of the game [since] and it is not a result that has been particularly celebrated in Madrid. Indeed, the 11 – 1 occupies a far more prominent place in Barcelona's history	history	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
U.S. Army troops from Bravo Company, 2 / 327 Infantry, 1st Brigade Combat Team, 101st Airborne Division began a 12 day search supported by Afghan army, police and commando units under the codename " Enterprise ". A house to house search was conducted and roadblocks	roadblocks	NOUN	posted	VERB	 posted
Pressure is a simple type of stress. Stress usually causes deformation of solid materials, or flow in fluids. Philosophers in antiquity used the concept of force in the study of stationary and moving objects and simple machines, but thinkers such as Aristotle and Archimedes retained fundamental	fundamental	ADJ	errors	NOUN	 errors
A further preliminary sketch for Morning with some differences to the final painting was sold in a later auction for £21 (£3,100 in 2016). In Morning, a lady makes her way to church, shielding herself with her fan from the shocking view of	of	ADP	two	NUM	 two
It reached the top two in Australia (platinum), The Netherlands; the top five in France (silver) and Ireland and the top ten in Belgium, Norway (platinum), Sweden and the United Kingdom (silver). In the UK, it	it	PRON	is	AUX	 is
The song received positive reception from the critics, mainly focusing on the song's references to Green Day's stylistic origins. Erica Futterman of Rolling Stone praised the song, describing it as a " blistering [and] Ramones tinged [song]. " Katie Hasty	Hasty	PROPN	of	ADP	 of
The coalition was publicly headed by celebrity singer Anita Bryant, who claimed the ordinance discriminated against her right to teach her children biblical morality. It was a well organized campaign that initiated a bitter political fight between unprepared gay activists and highly motivated Christian fundamentalists. When the	the	DET	repeal	NOUN	 repeal
Writing for The Australasian, Felix observed that, although Wilson was not as comfortable at the crease as his partner O'Halloran, he still put in a performance that was " deserving of mention " and that several of the fours he hit off Beacham " had to be	be	AUX	seen	VERB	 seen
The ground floor was taken up by a large arch leading to a waiting room, an office for general enquiries, and the long driveway leading to the station itself; above this were the LNC's offices and boardrooms. First class mourners entered through the driveway under	under	ADP	the	DET	 the
In 1969, the memorial was dismantled and placed in a storage facility at 42nd Street and Hunt Place NE when the Capitol Reflecting Pool was built atop Interstate 395's Third Street Tunnel. It remained in storage for several years and members of the public began inquiring why	why	SCONJ	the	DET	 the
He went on to complete the month of November with 27 points in 13 games to be named OHL Player of the Month. Hodgson had also been chosen as the OHL Player of the Week for the week ending on November 9 after scoring nine points in three games	games	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
The Morayshire station at Elgin was enlarged in anticipation of Great North services, albeit in wood. In 1861 permission was granted to the Morayshire Railway to cross the Spey and join with the Strathspey Railway at Craigellachie. The Morayshire extension and the Strathspey both opened on 1	1	NUM	July	PROPN	 July
However, more recent studies have generally found more recent (Late Carboniferous to Permian) age for the basalmost divergence among lissamphibians. The first known fossil salamanders are Kokartus honorarius from the Middle Jurassic of Kyrgyzstan and two species of the apparently neotenic, aquatic Marmorerpeton from England	England	PROPN	of	ADP	 of
This statement was interpreted as a military threat by David Butler, the Leader of the Opposition. Van der Byl was given the task of selling the UDI to Rhodesian whites and to world opinion. In September 1965, it was announced that he would tour the United	United	PROPN	Kingdom	PROPN	 Kingdom
A farmhouse and surrounding land originally owned by John Denby was purchased in 1734 by Jonathan Tyers, the proprietor of Vauxhall Gardens in London, and converted into a weekend retreat. The house he built appears to have been of little architectural significance, but the Gothic garden	garden	NOUN	he	PRON	 he
In a " typical processing campaign " at Oak Ridge, tens of grams of curium are irradiated to produce decigram quantities of californium, milligram quantities of berkelium 249 and einsteinium, and picogram quantities of fermium. In total, just over one gram of berkelium 249 has	has	AUX	been	AUX	 been
Most of these problems were addressed under Project Optimize. The lack of spares resulted in the entire F 105B fleet being briefly grounded in 1960. In 1964, modified F 105Bs with ballast replacing the cannon, fuselage and wing reinforcement for aerobatics, and the addition of	of	ADP	a	DET	 a
Starting in 1962 with a four team knockout competition known as the Midlands Knock Out Cup, and continuing with the inaugural Gillette Cup in 1963, one day cricket grew in popularity in England. A national Sunday League was formed in 1969. The first One Day International	International	PROPN	match	NOUN	 match
He confronted Artabanus V at the Battle of Hormozdgān on 28 April 224 AD, perhaps at a site near Isfahan, defeating him and establishing the Sassanid Empire. There is evidence, however, that suggests Vologases VI continued to mint coins at Seleucia as late as 228	228	NUM	AD	NOUN	 AD
First, the Ninth Circuit disagreed with the District Court's holding that Mexican land grants had extinguished the Chumash's title. Instead, the court applied the same standards to Mexican land grants as would have been applied to federal land grants: the grants were presumed to	to	PART	grant	VERB	 grant
The agents also meet former performer Jim Jim, the Dogface Boy, who later became the local sheriff after his face went through hair loss. Mulder and Scully stay at the Gulf Breeze trailer court, whose name is a reference to the 1987 Gulf Breeze UFO incident	incident	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
This is unexpected for the classic model of a hot, buoyant plume in the mantle. However, it has been shown that other plumes display highly variable surface heat fluxes and that this variability may be due to variable hydrothermal fluid flow in the Earth's crust above	above	ADP	the	DET	 the
It is situated on the Interior Plateau, a large region that lies between the Cariboo and Monashee Mountains to the east, and the Hazelton Mountains, Coast Mountains to the west. As a geologic hotspot, it is a place that has experienced active volcanism over a	a	DET	long	ADJ	 long
" Robbie Collin of The Daily Telegraph also awarded the film five out of five stars. Peter Travers of Rolling Stone gave the film four out of four stars, stating that the film was " more than a movie. It's some kind of miracle. "	"	PUNCT	A.	NOUN	 A.
This was a drop in viewership compared to the previous episode, " Speak Now or Forever Hold Your Piece ", which brought in 4.69 million viewers and a 1.6 rating / 5 share. The viewership was also significantly lower than the following episode, " 9 Lives	Lives	NOUN	"	PUNCT	 "
" The Time of Our Lives " peaked at number twenty three on the Bubbling Under Hot 100 Singles Chart (Billboard Hot 100 – 123) and at number fifty one on the Canadian Hot 100. Cyrus embarked on her second concert tour, the Wonder World Tour	Tour	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
He comes across some run down buildings where he finds a hunting paraphernalia, a bear trap, and dead animals. As he leaves, the bear appears. He tries to sneak past the bear, but instead he runs into the bear and it throws him on	on	ADP	the	DET	 the
Post Newsweek, meanwhile, concluded that its coverage area was not large enough to support two RSNs and sold the remainder of its Tigers and Pistons contracts, and the contract of sportscaster John Keating, to Fox Sports Detroit. Post Newsweek shut down PASS Sports on October	October	PROPN	31	NUM	 31
The song's music video was directed by filmmaker Brett Ratner, who had previously worked with Carey on five other music videos. It follows around a story revolving around a computer employee's fantasy as he visits Carey's home. As he fixes her computer, he	he	PRON	enters	VERB	 enters
Spandau Prison was demolished to prevent it from becoming a neo Nazi shrine. His lawyer, Dr Seidl, felt Hess was too old and frail to have managed to kill himself. Wolf Rüdiger Hess repeatedly claimed that his father had been murdered by the British Secret Intelligence	Intelligence	PROPN	Service	PROPN	 Service
While Soviet ideology postulated that the State would eventually wither away, Bukovsky pointed out that the reality was quite different: the State had become paramount. As an expression of his Eurosceptic position Bukovsky is vice president of The Freedom Association (TFA) in the United Kingdom	Kingdom	PROPN	and	CCONJ	 and
Archie is visited by Jack who threatens to kill him if he hurts Ronnie again. Archie finds Ian searching his living room for the CD and Archie says it is on his laptop and he can make copies at any time, threatening Ian with a phone call to	to	ADP	Jane	PROPN	 Jane
Early in the season, Stewart suffered a minor skull fracture after colliding with teammate Clare Martin, an injury that forced him out of the lineup for several weeks. Stewart spent two weeks in hospital, after which he announced his retirement, but he again shocked observers	observers	NOUN	by	ADP	 by
In 1905 the Widnes Runcorn Transporter Bridge opened, giving a direct link for vehicular traffic for the first time between the two towns. During the first half of the 20th century the industry of the town continued to be dominated by chemicals and tanning. This growth was	was	AUX	largely	ADV	 largely
Another asked not to be mentioned in the credits (though it was stated in the director's commentary that he constantly asked, " where is the proof that certain things were exactly like they say? "). Historian Allen Ward of the University of Connecticut believed	believed	VERB	that	SCONJ	 that
On 29 August 2007, the Milwaukee Bucks and Yi agreed to a standard, multi year rookie contract. After being named to Milwaukee's starting lineup by head coach Larry Krystkowiak in place of Charlie Villanueva to begin the 2007 08 season, Yi scored 9 points and	and	CCONJ	three	NUM	 three
In Harrisburg, more than 200 houses, and about 25 businesses were destroyed or damaged heavily. At least 10 houses and other buildings were leveled completely, and several structures were displaced from their foundations. Early estimates indicated nearly 40% of the city was damaged or	or	CCONJ	destroyed	VERB	 destroyed
Kaworu fights Shinji, then realizes that he must die if humanity is to thrive and asks Shinji to kill him. Despite his initial hesitation, Shinji kills Kaworu. Soon after this act, NERV and SEELE trigger the forced evolution of humanity, termed the " Human	Human	PROPN	Instrumentality	PROPN	 Instrumentality
The promiscuous, and very public, behavior of his unhappily married wife, Julia, may have also played a part. Indeed, Tacitus calls it Tiberius ' intima causa, his innermost reason for departing for Rhodes, and seems to ascribe the entire move to a	a	DET	hatred	NOUN	 hatred
Also from Wales were Feeder, who were initially more influenced by American post grunge, producing a hard rock sound that led to their breakthrough single " Buck Rogers " and the album Echo Park (2001). After the death of their drummer Jon Lee, they	they	PRON	moved	VERB	 moved
II Anzac Corps created four counter battery groups, each with one heavy artillery group and IX Corps arranged four similar groups and five bombardment groups, one for each of the three IX Corps divisions making the initial attack and two (with the heaviest howitzers) in reserve	reserve	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
When small doses (less than 250 mg in an adult) are ingested, all pathways proceed by first order kinetics, with an elimination half life of about 2.0 to 4.5 hours. When higher doses of salicylate are ingested (more than 4 g), the	the	DET	half	ADJ	 half
In the same year, Russian author Nikolai Zhuravlyov published the book Posle boya vernulas (Returned After Battle). Its title refers to Shanina's words, " I will return after the battle, " which she uttered after receiving a note from her battalion commander urging	urging	VERB	her	PRON	 her
L.O.G. transports the characters to Showdown Town, his headquarters, and starts the contest. The winner would be set to own Spiral Mountain; the loser must endure eternal hardship at L.O.G. ' s video game factory. While Banjo and Kazooie seek to win by completing the	the	DET	challenges	NOUN	 challenges
When Jackson began the Off the Wall project he was not sure what he wanted as the final result; however, he did not want another record that sounded like The Jacksons, but rather he wanted more creative freedom, something he had not been allowed on prior	prior	ADJ	albums	NOUN	 albums
As the season started, Michigan burst out with a 4 – 0 start and saw several players recognized as Big Ten Conference player of the week early in the season: Tate Forcier, Carlos Brown and Mesko. Also, several players earned midseason or finalist watchlist recognitions	recognitions	NOUN	:	PUNCT	:
" Much effort went into distinguishing the original glazes from those added during subsequent restorations. Previous retouches were removed and a natural resin varnish was applied. The painting's original frame, long missing, was located in 1992. It too was cleaned, restored, and	and	CCONJ	reinstalled	VERB	 reinstalled
The stone was cut to size, transported to the site and laid without mortar. Knobs, indentations and dovetails were used to form joints between stones. Reliefs were created in situ after the building had been completed. The monument is equipped with a good drainage system	system	NOUN	to	PART	 to
Meanwhile, Capcom incorporated shooter elements into several survival horror titles, such as 2000's Resident Evil Survivor which used both light gun shooter and first person shooter elements, and 2003's Resident Evil: Dead Aim which used light gun and third person shooter elements. Western	Western	ADJ	developers	NOUN	 developers
As the 1911 Mexican Independence Day approached, the foreign community in Torreón became restless, remembering the violence that had broken out at that time the previous year. To prevent another outbreak of violence, Francisco Madero sent 1,000 troops to the city. China and Mexico came	came	VERB	to	ADP	 to
US 301 was moved onto the bypass and the adjacent portion of the Beltway when the projects were completed in 1957. The small portion of I 97 north of the Beltway was added to the Baltimore Harbor Tunnel project as a direct connection between the Glen Burnie Bypass and	and	CCONJ	the	DET	 the
At Talakad they built the Maralesvara temple, the Arakesvara temple and the Patalesvara temple. Unlike the Jain temples where floral frieze decoration is common, Hindu temples were distinguished by friezes (slab of stone with decorative sculptures) illustrating episodes from the epics and puranas. Another	Another	DET	unique	ADJ	 unique
It is a sixteen music video collection, filmed by the group with various directors during their music career (1997 – 2005). The album was produced by Akil Brown with members Beyoncé, Kelly Rowland and Michelle Williams and their manager Mathew Knowles also serving as executive	executive	ADJ	producers	NOUN	 producers
Seward accompanied Lincoln to Gettysburg, Pennsylvania in November 1863, where Lincoln was to deliver a short speech, that would become famous as the Gettysburg Address. The night before the speech, Lincoln met with Seward. There is no surviving evidence that Seward authored any changes	changes	NOUN	:	PUNCT	:
ITV said that this decision reflected the " changing tastes " of viewers. The last episode of The Bill was filmed in June 2010 and broadcast on 31 August 2010 followed by a documentary titled Farewell The Bill. Fans of the show started a ' Save the Bill	Bill	PROPN	'	PUNCT	 '
He was promoted to brigadier general in April 1953, and in July he became Fiscal Director of the Marine Corps. He was involved in fiscal strategy hearings before the U.S. Congress, and established a programming system where officers researched and thought out programs before bringing them to	to	ADP	Congress	PROPN	 Congress
RIDPW originally planned to begin construction in 1960, but it was delayed until 1963 due to ongoing construction projects with I 95 and I 195 in Providence. Route 37 was routed through mostly undeveloped land in the cities of Warwick and Cranston, and in 1969, the	the	DET	construction	NOUN	 construction
He then became first lieutenant of HMS Sincere, one of the prizes from Toulon, under the command of Commander William Shield. Shield and Lydiard served along the French Mediterranean coast until October 1794, and were engaged in cutting out enemy ships from French harbours. Sincere	Sincere	PROPN	was	AUX	 was
Believing the novel's language to be " far more arcane than in [Austen's] later books, " Thompson sought to simplify the dialogue while retaining the " elegance and wit of the original. " She observed that in a screenwriting process, a first draft	draft	NOUN	often	ADV	 often
To ensure the safety of the 1798 China Fleet from Spanish attack, in July 1797 Rainier deployed Centurion, HMS Sybille and HMS Fox to escort a convoy of East Indiamen to Macau. After seeing his charges into harbour in December, Captain Edward Cooke investigated Manila himself	himself	PRON	in	ADP	 in
A storyline also connected to this match was the on screen suspension and quitting of TNA wrestler Raven. On the May 20 episode of Impact!, Raven attacked Larry Zbyszko of the NWA Championship Committee after he refused to make Raven the wild card entrant in the King	King	PROPN	of	ADP	 of
Shortly afterward, Kenneth Soona, a computer hacker known as " The Thinker ", breaks into the Defense Department database and downloads secret files related to extraterrestrial life, putting them onto a digital tape. When the Syndicate learns of the breach, the Smoking Man tells	tells	VERB	them	PRON	 them
Additionally, the game featured alternative battle modes, called " Special Melee, " which allows players to make many different alterations to the battle, along with alternative ways to judge a victory, such as through collecting coins throughout the match. In place of Super Smash	Smash	PROPN	Bros.	PROPN	 Bros.
So what? ' And that in itself for some was a statement. " In an article for AfterElton, Robert Urban stated: " Mercury did not ally himself to ' political outness, ' or to LGBT causes. " Although he cultivated a flamboyant stage personality	personality	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
It was originally released on November 21, 1988, in broadcast syndication. The story was originally written by Jaron Summers and Jon Povill for the cancelled late 1970s series Star Trek: Phase II. Due to the tight deadlines caused by the 1988 Writers Guild of America	America	PROPN	Strike	PROPN	 Strike
They won the Welsh Football League Cup in the 1995 – 96 season, and since then have won the Welsh Cup once and the Welsh League Cup twice. Llanelli Town A.F.C. play in the Welsh Football League Division Two. The club won the Welsh premier league and	and	CCONJ	Loosemores	PROPN	 Loosemores
We sense his untrustworthy nature immediately when he sits down beside the boys at a football game and doesn't understand it, despite the boys ' best efforts to explain. When he does grasp something, you know it. " I onnerstand pairfectly, " he says	says	VERB	.	PUNCT	.
They were supported by one company from Dalforce (named after its commander, Lieutenant Colonel John Dalley of the Malayan Police Special Branch), a local Chinese militia consisting of Communists, Nationalist supporters, and other volunteers. As the war intensified, the Dalforce volunteers were	were	AUX	given	VERB	 given
Veteran video game cover illustrator Marc Ericksen painted the North American box art, which included Mega Man firing a pistol instead of his trademark Mega Buster. Ericksen explained, " I didn't know anything about Mega Man, and [after looking at the character in action	action	NOUN	]	PUNCT	]
Darmstadtium is calculated to have similar properties to its lighter homologues, nickel, palladium, and platinum. Darmstadtium was first created on November 9, 1994, at the Institute for Heavy Ion Research (Gesellschaft für Schwerionenforschung, GSI) in Darmstadt, Germany, by Peter	Peter	PROPN	Armbruster	PROPN	 Armbruster
In ballet, Puss appears in the third act of Tchaikovsky's The Sleeping Beauty in a pas de caractère with The White Cat. In film and television, Walt Disney produced an animated black and white silent short based on the tale in 1922. It was also	also	ADV	adapted	VERB	 adapted
. It was launched in Singapore at The Singapore Expo Hall on May 31, 2007, and was the first customization of SpongeBob into a live musical event, joining a list of TV inspired live offerings from Nickelodeon that includes Blue's Clues and Dora the Explorer.	.	PUNCT	The	DET	 The
On his return to Port Royal he learned that Parker had promoted him to post captain on 11 June, and intended to give him another command. Nelson handed over the Badger to Cuthbert Collingwood while he awaited the arrival of his new ship, the 28 gun frigate	frigate	NOUN	HMS	PROPN	 HMS
The guitar on " Under the Bridge " was played by Richard Hawley. Both videos were shot as a set and cost £500,000 to make. The videos took four months of production before release. The girls chose to perform their own stunts in the video,	,	PUNCT	and	CCONJ	 and
An Islamic oral tradition holds that during the Hijra, the journey from Mecca to Medina, Muhammad and his companion Abu Bakr were being pursued by Quraysh soldiers, and they decided to take refuge in the Cave of Thawr. The tale goes on to say that Allah	Allah	PROPN	commanded	VERB	 commanded
A red roofed hut stood at the point where the attack was aimed. This was about 300 metres (330 yd) below the Lutheran church that formed the main part of the mission. Around the hut, the Japanese had constructed a number of reinforced defensive positions	positions	NOUN	and	CCONJ	 and
F marque models are developed by the Lexus Vehicle Performance Development Division. The first F marque model, the IS F, went on sale in 2007, followed by the LFA in 2009. A related F Sport performance trim level and factory sanctioned accessory line is available	available	ADJ	for	ADP	 for
Shifting from teaching primarily camping skills to leadership competencies was a paradigm shift. It required rethinking the underlying assumptions, concepts, practices, and values guiding how adults were trained as Scout leaders. Some individuals on the national staff and many volunteers across the nation resisted the	the	DET	idea	NOUN	 idea
Copulation lasts for several minutes, after which the sharks separate and resume their regular behavior. Off Moorea, individual older females mate and give birth at a consistent time every year, often to within a week's precision, whereas younger females exhibit more variability in their	their	PRON	timing	NOUN	 timing
In the game's 100 levels, the player interacts with different types of circles to bring a counter to the number 100. The game was developed and published by Semi Secret Software in collaboration with Greg Wohlwend and was released for iOS on January 7, 2013,	,	PUNCT	and	CCONJ	 and
Behring returned to Prinz Adalbert on 20 March. In the meantime, the Russians had briefly captured Memel. The Admiralstab (Admiralty Staff) detached the II Battle Squadron, II Scouting Group, and two flotillas of torpedo boats from the High Seas Fleet to reinforce the	the	DET	forces	NOUN	 forces
Section 8 (1) of the Internal Security Act (" ISA ") empowers the Minister for Home Affairs to detain a person without trial if the President " is satisfied " that this step is necessary because the person is, among other things, a threat	threat	NOUN	to	ADP	 to
TechRadar also praised its performance and display quality, but considered the design of the G2 itself to be " dull ", and believed that while offering many options for advanced users, LG's skinned version of Android 4.2 was too complex for " casual " users (	(	PUNCT	especially	ADV	especially
Furthermore, the more robust shaft of the femur sets it specifically apart from the Lear's macaw while the tibiotarsus is more robust with a flared distal extremity. Bones of the species have been excavated at two islands in the Caribbean, Saint Croix and Puerto Rico.	.	PUNCT	The	DET	 The
It was then filmed mainly on hotel sets constructed in the studio. The Doctor, Amy, and Rory's first encounter with a fear in the hotel is the ventriloquist dummies found in Joe's room; Whithouse wanted to include something " big and bold " and	and	CCONJ	noted	VERB	 noted
According to Gygax, both the scenario that became Expedition to the Barrier Peaks and Metamorphosis Alpha were successful at the convention. Although Metamorphosis Alpha became available to the general public in mid 1976, only a few copies of the Expedition to the Barrier Peaks tournament adventure survived	survived	VERB	after	ADP	 after
I'm the guy who did the dark center of the movie, with the Flesh Fair and everything else. That's why he wanted me to make the movie in the first place. He said, ' This is much closer to your sensibilities than my own	own	ADJ	.	PUNCT	.
Her other films include the neo noir action film Max Payne (2008), the post apocalyptic action film The Book of Eli (2010), the romantic comedy Friends with Benefits (2011), the comedy Ted (2012), the fantasy Oz the Great	Great	ADJ	and	CCONJ	 and
The 84 acre (340,000 m2) University of Texas Medical Branch campus with an enrollment of more than 2,500 students is a major economic force of the city. Galveston is home to six historic districts containing one of the largest and historically significant collections of 19th century buildings	buildings	NOUN	in	ADP	 in
On 11 April 1913, he resigned his position as Director of Military Intelligence and was placed on the unattached list. On 2 August 1914, the government activated the preliminary stage of the war plan, which included the establishment of censorship. McCay was recalled to duty	duty	NOUN	as	ADP	 as
Apu takes Lisa through a secret passageway hidden behind the cooler section assigned to non alcoholic beer leading to the Kwik E Mart roof where they meet Paul and Linda McCartney. The McCartneys explain that they are old friends of Apu from Paul's days in India, and	and	CCONJ	discuss	VERB	 discuss
Clemson's offense returned to the field at its 35 yard line after Georgia Tech's kickoff and a 30 yard return by C. J. Spiller. During the ensuing drive, Spiller was the key player for the Tigers. On five consecutive plays, he received the ball	ball	NOUN	during	ADP	 during
Also, among the Náhuatl speaking people in the Pacific Ocean region of Michoacán, there is the cuauileros " dance (the cudgelers ' dance). The performance of this dance represents a battle between Aztecs and Spaniards, and dancers perform with rattles made of thin metal	metal	NOUN	plates	NOUN	 plates
He made the New York Rangers roster out of training camp two consecutive years, but spent most of 2013 – 14 with the Hartford Wolf Pack of the AHL, where he recorded 34 points in 48 games. Fast has spent much of 2014 – 15 with the	the	DET	Rangers	PROPN	 Rangers
In February 2013, researchers calculated that up to 6% of small red dwarfs may have planets with Earth like properties. This suggests that the closest " alien Earth " to the Solar System could be 13 light years away. The estimated distance increases to 21 light	light	ADJ	years	NOUN	 years
50 Ω first arose as a nominal impedance during world war two work on radar and is a compromise between two requirements. This standard was the work of the wartime US joint Army Navy RF Cable Coordinating Committee. The first requirement is for minimum loss. The loss	loss	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
The Sydney Morning Herald ranked it the second greatest television hairstyle, while Metro ranked the " Rachel " the character's second best hairstyle. Ranked sixth on Entertainment Weekly's list of the " 25 Fashion Moments That Changed Entertainment ", the haircut was declared the most	most	ADV	"	PUNCT	 "
The tanks repelled the Israelis, who sustained significant losses from vastly overwhelming opposing forces. Brigadier General Hafez, commanding the 16th Infantry Division, planned to contain the Israeli attack from the south by having the 18th Mechanized Brigade occupy defenses north of the Chinese Farm, directly	directly	ADV	behind	ADP	 behind
In Australia, The Register protested at the prospect of performances by " trumpery little church choirs of 20 voices or so ". In Germany, Messiah was not so often performed as in Britain; when it was given, medium sized forces were the norm. At	At	ADP	the	DET	 the
However, the actor did " [take it] very seriously ", and commented, " I can get out of the chair at the end of the day and go home and I recognize that, so many people can't and I have to be considerate	considerate	ADJ	to	ADP	 to
Tickets at Madison Square Garden rose up to $338.81, which was 42.6% higher than the average price. Other locations were ticket prices saw an increase were MGM Grand Garden Arena in Las Vegas, TD Garden Arena in Boston and United Center in Chicago. In	In	ADP	June	PROPN	 June
The charges were dismissed for lack of evidence, and there is speculation that since one of the accused, Lionardo de Tornabuoni, was related to Lorenzo de ' Medici, the family exerted its influence to secure the dismissal. Since that date much has been written about	about	ADP	his	PRON	 his
At its peak, the Apollo program employed 400,000 people and required the support of over 20,000 industrial firms and universities. On July 1, 1960, NASA established of the Marshall Space Flight Center (MSFC) in Huntsville, Alabama. MSFC designed the heavy lift class	class	NOUN	Saturn	PROPN	 Saturn
They also entertained very often. Surviving household accounts show that the family purchased large quantities of beef, lamb, wild ducks, geese, fresh fish, plums, peaches, barrels of cider, gallons of brandy and rum, and 217 bottles of Madeira wine purchased	purchased	VERB	in	ADP	 in
One year later, 1895 had 24,000 members. The nationwide interest in the football squad has also been reflected by the occasional presence of Belgian monarchs at their matches since 1914. One of the greatest moments for the Belgian team and their 12th man was in mid 1986	1986	NUM	when	SCONJ	 when
The Deluxe Edition features additional photographs of the band and hand written lyrics for each song. The Blue Album was released on May 10, 1994. It was certified gold just under seven months later on December 1, 1994, and certified platinum on January 1,	,	PUNCT	1995	NUM	 1995
Jessica Morgan from Television Without Pity gave the episode an A – grade. John Keegan from Critical Myth gave the episode a largely positive review and awarded it an 8 out of 10. He wrote, " Overall, this was an uneven yet highly enjoyable mythology episode	episode	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
Throughout Europe many fans regard Barcelona as their second club. Since the 2003 – 04 season, the club's membership figures have risen from 100,000 to 170,000 socis in September 2009, a 70 percent increase. The sharp rise was attributed to the influence of Ronaldinho and	and	CCONJ	then	ADV	 then
On October 27, Sandy briefly weakened to a tropical storm, after dry air became fully ingested into the mid- and upper level circulations. Later that day, however, data received from the Hurricane Hunters indicated that Sandy had re intensified into a minimal hurricane. By	By	ADP	late	ADJ	 late
The name comes from the bridge's location at the base of Buckhorn Mountain, and from the road to the former village of Buckhorn, which crossed the creek on it. This is the name used on the official plaque erected by the commissioners to mark its restoration	restoration	NOUN	and	CCONJ	 and
The New Zealand Women's team then won four straight World Cups (1998, 2002, 2006, 2010) before England won in 2014. As well as the Women's Rugby World Cup there are also other regular tournaments, including a Six Nations, run in	in	ADP	parallel	NOUN	 parallel
Some songs that the Beatles were working on individually during this period were revisited for inclusion on the group's subsequent albums, while others were eventually released on the band members ' solo albums. According to the bootlegged album of the demos made at Kinfauns, the latter	latter	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
He said in 2003 that " to some degree there has been, in the 15 years since Watchmen, an awful lot of the comics field devoted to these grim, pessimistic, nasty, violent stories which kind of use Watchmen to validate what are, in effect	effect	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
Margaret removed Henry from London in 1456 for his own safety and until 1461, Henry's court divided almost all its time among Kenilworth, Leicester and Tutbury Castle for the purposes of protection. Kenilworth remained an important Lancastrian stronghold for the rest of the war, often	often	ADV	acting	VERB	 acting
Matt Wink concluded that OutKast with this album " carved their place in the game and grabbed the world's attention. No two people with a similar background could be more different and no two artists could have made this masterpiece. " Los Angeles Times labeled the album	album	NOUN	"	PUNCT	 "
At the crossing of the Huron River, US 24 / US 25 entered Flat Rock and Wayne County. The highway followed Telegraph Road through downtown Flat Rock and continued into the suburban area of Downriver. At the intersection with Dix – Toledo Road near Woodhaven, US	US	PROPN	25	NUM	 25
In the Ashvamedhika Parva the tale is narrated with some variation. Uttanka is described as a brahmin who belonged to the Bhrigu race that lived in a hermitage in the Maru desert. Uttanka was the disciple of the sage Gautama, whom he served for a hundred years	years	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
East of NY 22, NY 343 is a rural minor arterial road carrying about 4,100 vehicles per day (with 6% classified as truck traffic). When NY 343 crosses the state line into the town of Sharon, it enters a moderately rural area where a	a	DET	large	ADJ	 large
When she, her husband, and their three year old son were at the door, Wiens suddenly attacked El Sherbini with a kitchen knife with an 18 cm (7.1 in) long blade, which he apparently had taken into the courtroom in a backpack. El	El	PROPN	Sherbini	PROPN	 Sherbini
More recently, he has performed solo concerts concurrently with his latter career in Deep Purple, and his work and affinity with Armenia, combined with his continued friendship with Tony Iommi since his brief time in Black Sabbath, has led him to form the supergroup WhoCares with	with	ADP	Iommi	PROPN	 Iommi
Hoping to imitate the success of the recent animated films Asterix the Gaul (1967) and Asterix and Cleopatra (1968), Hergé agreed to the production of two animated Belvision films based on the Adventures of Tintin. The first, Tintin and the Temple of the	the	DET	Sun	PROPN	 Sun
Porter operated the camera for the film, and also developed the footage. Kansas Saloon Smashers marked one of the first short films to be created under Fleming and Porter's partnership. While none of the identities of the people who appeared in the picture are recorded,	,	PUNCT	it	PRON	 it
Porter used the programme to trigger the sampled sounds of the live drum kit, featuring a Motownesque bassline. Marr's guitar part consists of single notes and thirds as opposed to strummed bar chords, and his guitar serves to creates a counter melody throughout the song.	.	PUNCT	Marr	PROPN	 Marr
In 2013 PPFA reported seeing 2.7 million patients in 4.6 million clinical visits. Roughly 16% of its clients are teenagers. According to PPFA, in 2014 the organization provided 3.6 million contraceptive services, 4.5 million sexually transmitted infection services, about 1 million cancer related services	services	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
" " I Don't Remember " was performed regularly on the Across the Great Divide Tour, generally with positive responses. FasterLouder reviewer gumbuoy stated that " The new songs are excellent live; I Don't Remember has more energy than its recorded counterpart (Lost and	and	CCONJ	Running	NOUN	 Running
After the release of Riven, Robyn Miller left the company to pursue other projects, while Rand stayed behind to work on a Myst franchise. While Rand Miller stated Cyan would not make another sequel to Myst, Mattel (then the owner of the Myst franchise)	)	PUNCT	offered	VERB	 offered
He then condensed the story, leaving a third beyond the scheduled game. The game's design phase lasted three months. Hall made plans for two expansion packs from the outset of development, owing to the huge story. Developers told Next Generation Magazine the story would	would	AUX	be	AUX	 be
Stott's mills in Chadderton were some of the largest to be built in the United Kingdom, multiplying the town's industrial capacity and in turn increasing its population and productivity. The boomtown of Chadderton reached its industrial zenith in the 1910s, with over 50 cotton mills	mills	NOUN	within	ADP	 within
This was a time of repression for the Welsh people and there were numerous uprisings and rebellions against English rule. Under the Act of Union of 1535, Wales became permanently incorporated under the English Crown and subject to English law. Although the Industrial Revolution did not much	much	ADV	affect	VERB	 affect
After this, he was taken to hospital where he spent 10 days before rejoining the tour for the Derbyshire match that followed the fourth Test. Barnes thus played in four of the five Tests, missing the fourth Test through injury. He scored 329 runs, averaging	averaging	VERB	82.25	NUM	 82.25
After a scoreless third quarter, a pair of fourth quarter touchdowns gave Alabama the 38 – 10 victory. Richardson scored his second touchdown of the game with 12: 25 remaining on a 36 yard run and Eddie Lacy scored the final points of the game on a	a	DET	20	NUM	 20
The taxonomy of the genus of the pygmy hippopotamus has changed as understanding of the animal has developed. Samuel G. Morton initially classified the animal as Hippopotamus minor, but later determined it was distinct enough to warrant its own genus, and labeled it Choeropsis. In 1977	1977	NUM	,	PUNCT	,
On Shikoku, Muroto reported typhoon force winds for eight hours, and wind gusts peaked at 166 km / h (103 mph). At the time, this was the third strongest gust ever reported there, behind Typhoon Nancy in 1961 and Typhoon Shirley in 1965	1965	NUM	.	PUNCT	.
For instance, Kristó and Senga propose the existence of two Moravias (one in the north and other one in the south), while Boba, Bowlus and Eggers argue that Moravia's core territory is in the region of the southern Morava river, in present day	day	NOUN	Serbia	PROPN	 Serbia
Although the species is called a cod in the vernacular, it is not related to the Northern Hemisphere marine cod (Gadus) species. The Murray cod is an important part of Australia's vertebrate wildlife and is found in the Murray Darling River system in Australia.	.	PUNCT	The	DET	 The
The Mark I design was intended to look like it was built from spare parts. The back is less armored than the front, because Stark would use his resources for a forward attack. It also foreshadows the design of Stane's armor. A single 90 pound	pound	NOUN	(	PUNCT	 (
Later accounts from the 10th century, place al Battal alongside Maslama during the latter's failed siege of Constantinople in 717 – 718, but as the Arab accounts of the siege are semi legendary, it is impossible to know if this report contains any truth. Al	Al	PROPN	Battal	PROPN	 Battal
Those people who cry to me, I always tell them it is better to laugh than to use tissue paper, as laughing is free but tissue paper still cost five cent. ' Ha ha ha ' cost no cents. I saw fishes swimming happily in the	the	DET	water	NOUN	 water
He concluded that he was unable to stop playing the song after he heard it. Bill Lamb of About.com said the song was " brilliant ". He continued, " The song is sweet, funny, bratty, and edgy all at the same time. Taylor	Taylor	PROPN	Swift	PROPN	 Swift
In 1181 Pope Lucius III became concerned that Geoffrey was never going to be ordained or consecrated, and demanded that the bishop elect's position be regularised, either through consecration as bishop or through resignation. Geoffrey formally resigned the see of Lincoln on 6 January 1182,	,	PUNCT	at	ADP	 at
Mid way through the match, Hardy grabbed Abyss and placed him on a table at the top of the entrance ramp, he then ascended to the roof of the entrance ramp and performed a front flip, landing on Abyss in a move Hardy calls the Swanton Bomb	Bomb	PROPN	.	PUNCT	.
The majority of the original records of Mobile's colonial history, spanning the years 1702 through 1813, are housed in Paris, London, Seville, and Madrid. The Mobile Genealogical Society Library and Media Center is located at the Holy Family Catholic Church and School complex	complex	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
Users are prompted before such information is able to be transmitted. The incorporation of Aladdin Systems ' iClean allows users to purge the browser cache, cookies, and browsing history within Norton's interface. Operating system requirements call for Mac OS 8.1. Hardware requirements call for	for	ADP	24	NUM	 24
He attributes this to poor editing that failed to rid the book of the serialized nature of the original McClure's pieces. Cather identified herself as the author in a letter to her father in December 1906; she told him the articles beginning February 1907 (at that	that	DET	time	NOUN	 time
Nelson had been in pursuit of the French for three months, crossing the Mediterranean three times in his efforts to locate the fleet and a convoy under its protection which carried the French army commanded by Napoleon Bonaparte intended for the invasion of Egypt. The convoy successfully eluded	eluded	VERB	Nelson	PROPN	 Nelson
Tracking steadily west northwestward in response to a well developed subtropical ridge extending from the International Dateline to China, the system was soon classified a tropical depression early on September 2. Hours later, a weather reconnaissance mission into the depression revealed winds of 75 km / h	h	NOUN	(	PUNCT	 (
Hospitals in the area, including some over the Scottish border in Dumfries and Galloway, were put on standby, but not all received patients. According to BBC News, five passengers were admitted to Royal Preston Hospital in a critical condition. Police later released a statement	statement	NOUN	revealing	VERB	 revealing
However, Johnson soon had his revenge. England reached 2 / 423 when Bedser was out caught and bowled by Johnson, patting the ball back to the bowler when he could have hit it decisively. His on drive was intercepted by the bowler, who dived across	across	ADP	the	DET	 the
He also introduced the spell numbering system which is still in use, identifying 165 different spells. Lepsius promoted the idea of a comparative edition of the Book of the Dead, drawing on all relevant manuscripts. This project was undertaken by Édouard Naville, starting in 1875	1875	NUM	and	CCONJ	 and
Rædwald promised to protect him, and Edwin lived with the king amongst his royal companions. When news of Edwin reached Æthelfrith in Northumbria, he sent messengers to Rædwald offering money in return for Edwin's death, but Rædwald refused to comply. Æthelfrith sent messengers a	a	DET	second	ADJ	 second
Existing tenants were slowly rehoused, and members of the Mosspetspromproyekt (Russian: Мосспецпромпроект) research institute took possession of the former church. The research institute dealt primarily with project drawings for industrial facilities, but also designed the Olympic cauldron used at Lenin Stadium for the 1980	1980	NUM	Summer	PROPN	 Summer
Ma ' rib recorded 189 mm (7.4 in) of rainfall, and the capital Sana ' a reported 164 mm (6.5 in) of precipitation. Widespread flooding affected much of Yemen, the worst on record for the country. Damage was heaviest in three governorates	governorates	NOUN	–	PUNCT	 –
Within 24 hours of its release, Grand Theft Auto V generated more than $800 million in worldwide revenue, equating to approximately 11.21 million copies sold for Take Two. The numbers nearly doubled analysts ' expectations for the title. Three days after release, the game	game	NOUN	had	AUX	 had
When foraging in pairs, tufted tit tyrants have been observed using a perr reet call to stay in contact with each other. The species ' contact call has been described as a pluit pluit. The tufted tit tyrant is also known to give a long, weak	weak	ADJ	trill	NOUN	 trill
The female cadets refused pictures unless their fish buddies (members of their freshman class in their unit) were included in the photos. With a band dropout rate of 33% the odds were against all of the female cadets succeeding, only Andrea Abat remained in the	the	DET	band	NOUN	 band
Roddy Bottum also claims to have been mostly absent during this period, owing to the deaths of his father and Kurt Cobain, whose wife Courtney Love was a close friend of Bottum's and one of the temporary lead singers of the band before Chuck Mosely joined.	.	PUNCT	Bottum	PROPN	 Bottum
Ylisse has slowly recovered from the war thanks to Emmeryn's peaceful actions. After dreaming of killing Chrom, the amnesiac Avatar wakes up in a field and is found by Chrom and members of his personal army, the Shepherds. The Avatar joins the Shepherds, after	after	ADP	exhibiting	VERB	 exhibiting
Miller then scored 34 as Australia set England 551 to win in seven hours. Miller then took 2 / 41 in the second innings, removing Ikin and Bedser during a spell in tandem with Lindwall late on the final day that was punctuated by frequent bouncers. Miller	Miller	PROPN	also	ADV	 also
Uranium oxyhalides are water soluble and include UO 2F 2, UOCl 2, UO 2Cl 2, and UO 2Br 2. Stability of the oxyhalides decrease as the atomic weight of the component halide increases. Natural uranium consists of three major isotopes: uranium 238 (99.28	99.28	NUM	%	NOUN	%
Spike TV also aired a new trailer at the 2009 Scream Awards on October 27, 2009. American Idol finalist Allison Iraheta hosted an 8 minute block prior to the showing of the film in over 1,200 theaters across the United States, where she talked about her upcoming	upcoming	ADJ	album	NOUN	 album
He finally returned to Melbourne in January, before taking on Victoria. Miller top scored in both innings with 37 and 59 in an innings defeat. Miller had another difficult time against New South Wales, as the state side made 7 / 551 and Miller went wicketless	wicketless	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
During his scouting operations, Nelson had developed a plan to assault the French garrison of the Turks Islands. Commanding a small flotilla of frigates and smaller vessels, he landed a force of 167 seamen and marines early on the morning of 8 March under a supporting bombardment	bombardment	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
[...] " Additionally, McKidd describes Hunt as " very instinctive, and follows his gut, and he's very impulsive, and very immediate. He immediately assesses a situation. And he's very honest, sometimes painfully honest, with himself and with others	others	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
Most of these Chinese leaders were also members of secret societies, and communal warfare often broke out in Singapore between different dialect groups as a result of conflicting economic interests. From the late 1850s onwards, the Kangchu began to exert political influence in the state affairs by	by	ADP	establishing	VERB	 establishing
Political changes of the time were reflected in the Olympic teams appearing in France: this was the first Games to be held after the fall of Communism and the dismantling of the Berlin Wall, and Germany competed as a single nation for the first time since the 1964	1964	NUM	Games	PROPN	 Games
Furthermore, they found his personal habits, such as copious spitting, revolting. Shepstone's legal adviser William Morcom was one of the first British officials to write about Kruger: calling him " gigantically horrible ", he recounted a public luncheon at which Kruger dined with	with	ADP	a	DET	 a
The idea of Monica and Joey was abandoned once the role of Joey was cast; actor Matt LeBlanc approached his character using much more of a " big brother vibe " in terms of Joey's relationship with Cox's character as opposed to a romantic one, which	which	PRON	the	DET	 the
In Tam Kỳ, the ARVN 4th and 5th Infantry Regiments were destroyed after two hours of heavy fighting, while the 37th and 39th Ranger Battalions (from the ARVN 12th Ranger Group) in the outskirts of the city simply fled from the battlefield. At 10:	:	SYM	00am	NUM	 00am
It is from the Santa Rosa fossil site, which is of uncertain age but possibly late Eocene (55 to 34 mya) or Oligocene (34 to 23 mya). The tooth is poorly preserved and may have been degraded by acidic water or because it passed	passed	VERB	through	ADP	 through
This marked a general trend in his work and life. As Robert L. Bernstein later said of that period, " The more I saw of him, the more he liked being in that room and creating all by himself. " Pease points to Helen's recovery	recovery	NOUN	from	ADP	 from
His approach was to create " real " and " alive " characters, though with consideration for the representation as small computer sprites. Kefka is well known for his clown like apparel, which has been compared to the Joker from Batman. His dress has been described	described	VERB	as	ADP	 as
The episode received mixed reviews from critics. Ahsan Haque of IGN said that " Family Guy has never really done anything particularly special for the last episode of any season [...] and despite the obvious efforts to increase the animation quality and try to tell a complete	complete	ADJ	story	NOUN	 story
Several weeks following that report the Chicago Tribune held an exclusive interview with architect Santiago Calatrava and lead developer Garrett Kelleher. During the interview, Calatrava drew out design ideas restoring the rotating design of the building and showcasing his vision for the Chicago Spire's lobby. On	On	ADP	March	PROPN	 March
In 884 / 885, Amr was formally deprived of his governorship of Khurasan in favour of the Dulafid Ahmad ibn Abd al Aziz, and the army under the vizier Sa ' i d ibn Makhlad conquered most of the province of Fars, forcing Amr himself to come	come	VERB	west	ADV	 west
In June 1945, the Interim Committee asked George L. Harrison, an assistant to Stimson and a member of the committee, to prepare legislation. Harrison brought in two experienced Harvard Law School educated War Department lawyers, Brigadier General Kenneth Royall and William L. Marbury to take	take	VERB	up	ADP	 up
Argentina is vulnerable and will be significantly impacted by climate change. Temperatures have increased in the last century while the observed changes in precipitation are variable, with some areas receiving more and other areas less. These changes have impacted river flow, increased the frequency of extreme	extreme	ADJ	weather	NOUN	 weather
" On 4 February 1644, shortly after the decisive parliamentarian victory at the Battle of Nantwich, the hall was retaken by Sir Thomas Fairfax's forces. Sir Randolph Crewe died a couple of years later, before the end of the First Civil War. His male	male	ADJ	line	NOUN	 line
Although all of modern NY 31F was part of a legislative route at one time and was state maintained west of Fairport and from Macedon Center to Macedon by 1926, it was not assigned a posted route number until the 1930s. The portion of current NY 31F west	west	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
In northern Europe, it grows from sea level up to 1,850 m altitude, while in China it grows at 1,400 – 3,200 m altitude. It has been introduced throughout the temperate world, and is established as a weed in Australia, New Zealand, tropical Asia	Asia	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
Han farmers also used the pit field system (aotian 凹田) for growing crops, which involved heavily fertilized pits that did not require plows or oxen and could be placed on sloping terrain. In southern and small parts of central Han era China, paddy fields were	were	AUX	chiefly	ADV	 chiefly
Michael Atkinson of The Village Voice remarks, " [Leni's] adroitly atmospheric film is virtually an ideogram of narrative suspension and impact "; Chris Dashiell states that " [e] verything is so exaggerated, so lacking in subtlety, that we soon stop caring	caring	VERB	what	PRON	 what
You just think ' I'm in proper hands here. '... She's up there with the great, I mean really great, British female performers ". Thompson is particularly known for playing reticent women, and Sands describes her as " the best actress of	of	ADP	our	PRON	 our
He designed the cover art for Styles of Beyond's debut album, 2000 Fold and for DJ Frane's debut album, Frane's Fantastic Boatride, both released in 1999. He has also worked on several art projects throughout his career. In 2003, he did	did	VERB	a	DET	 a
According to the liner notes of The Permanent Record, " It's about as close as [Yankovic has] ever come to writing a real love song. " Musically, the song is a style parody of Oingo Boingo. " Melanie " is a stalker's	's	PART	twisted	ADJ	 twisted
His pallbearers were all former All Blacks, and included fellow Original All Blacks George Tyler, George Nicholson and George Gillett. After his casket had been lowered into its grave at Hillsborough Cemetery, an Auckland representative jersey was thrown on top. Under the average height on	on	ADP	a	DET	 a
There were two camps: the so called " peace " camp favored a diplomatic initiative to persuade Joseph Stalin, the leader of the Soviet Union, to mediate a settlement between the Allies and Japan; and the hardliners who favored fighting one last " decisive " battle	battle	NOUN	that	PRON	 that
He favoured the overall production of the album and praised Minogue for displaying a " sense of class ", which he felt was lacking in the work of female artists like Britney Spears, Christina Aguilera, and Madonna; he concluded by labelling Body Language a " near	near	ADP	perfect	ADJ	 perfect
While the history of musical instruments in Mesopotamia and Egypt relies on artistic representations, the culture in Israel produced few such representations. Scholars must therefore rely on information gleaned from the Bible and the Talmud. The Hebrew texts mention two prominent instruments associated with Jubal: the	the	DET	ugab	NOUN	 ugab
Before the live broadcast of the event began, William Regal and Paul Burchill defeated Paul London and Brian Kendrick in a tag team match that aired on the Sunday Night Heat pre show. The first match of the event was The Legion of Doom (Road Warrior Animal	Animal	PROPN	and	CCONJ	 and
Series ", which list songs from the series that were underrated at the time of their release. " Rumors " was originally titled " Just What It Is ". The track was written by Lohan, Cory Rooney, Taryll Jackson, and TJ Jackson. It	It	PRON	was	AUX	 was
Reduced lobulation of the lungs is presumed to be adaptive for underwater swimming. In addition, the length of the trachea of the river otter is intermediate between that of terrestrial carnivores and marine mammals. The mean tracheal length of the river otter is 15.3 cm (6.0	6.0	NUM	in	ADV	 in
For a star to be stable the rotational velocity must be below this value. Surface differential rotation is observed on stars such as the Sun when the angular velocity varies with latitude. Typically the angular velocity decreases with increasing latitude. However the reverse has also been observed	observed	VERB	,	PUNCT	,
Eventually the King returned four, on condition that they would be sent back to him on the death of the Munshi's first wife. As the Munshi had had no children, his nephews and grandnephews inherited his wealth and properties. The Munshi's family continued to	to	PART	reside	VERB	 reside
Impedance can be thought of as an extension to the concept of resistance. Resistance is associated with energy dissipation. Impedance encompasses energy storage as well as energy dissipation. The impedance analogy gives rise to the concept of impedance in other energy domains (but measured in different	different	ADJ	units	NOUN	 units
It was released March 14, 1995 on the Interscope Records label. It was his impending prison sentence, troubles with the police and Shakur being poor, which many believe might have contributed to Shakur's artistic reemergence on record, as his material is believed by Steve	Steve	PROPN	Huey	PROPN	 Huey
Mari is voiced by Marina Inoue while Jumonji by Junichi Suwabe. During the Shiba siblings second year, Mayumi is succeeded by Azusa Nakajou, a timid and youthful looking girl. LN 5.6 Azusa has an interest in magic engineering and suspects Tatsuya is Taurus Silver. She	She	PRON	is	AUX	 is
Foals are generally weaned from their mothers between four and six months of age. Horses, particularly colts, sometimes are physically capable of reproduction at about 18 months, but domesticated horses are rarely allowed to breed before the age of three, especially females. Horses four	four	NUM	years	NOUN	 years
In season, it is popular with tourists. The Skagen Line connects Skagen with Frederikshavn Station in Frederikshavn to the south. Nordjyske Jernbaner operates a frequent train service between Skagen and Frederikshavn with onward connections by DSB to the rest of Denmark. Skagen Station, the most	most	ADV	northerly	ADJ	 northerly
Henry responded, but travelled to London instead of joining the main campaign further east in Normandy, possibly at the request of the King, who in any event abandoned the campaign and returned to England. Over the next few years, Henry appears to have strengthened his	his	PRON	power	NOUN	 power
If either the abettor or the person abetted is a public servant whose duty it was to prevent the offence from happening, the abettor may be imprisoned for up to half of the maximum jail term of the offence, or may be fined, or receive both penalties	penalties	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
In September 2013 a five year partnership with the Royal Philharmonic Orchestra was announced by the City Council. On the popular music scene, in the 1960s, Mick Ronson of the Hull band Rats worked closely with David Bowie and was heavily involved in production of the album	album	NOUN	The	DET	 The
The visitor supplies him with the name of Mitsuhirato, a Japanese businessman based in Shanghai, but before finishing his message is hit by a dart dipped in Rajaijah, the " poison of madness. " Tintin and his fox terrier Snowy travel to Shanghai to meet Mitsuhirato	Mitsuhirato	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
According to the European Parliament, 500,000 women in Europe had undergone FGM as of March 2009. France is known for its tough stance against FGM. Up to 30,000 women there were thought to have experienced FGM as of 1995. Colette Gallard, a family planning counsellor	counsellor	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
In 1972, the crest was redesigned as the result of a competition, won by the Treasurer of the Supporters Club, John Gammage. Each element of the new design was intended to represent the region. I regarded the Suffolk Punch as a noble animal, well	well	ADV	suited	ADJ	 suited
O'Kelly Kennedy was born on 21 June 1986. At birth one of her legs was shorter than the other, and her right foot was amputated when she was eighteen months old. She attended Melbourne Rudolf Steiner School and Luther College in the outer eastern Melbourne suburb of	of	ADP	Croydon	PROPN	 Croydon
The former expressway then ended at University Avenue with no further planned extension to Interstate 10. Route 153 was deleted from the Regional Transportation Plan starting in May 2007, and much of the western half of the original alignment was re used as right of way for the	the	DET	Sky	PROPN	 Sky
" Initially, scenes were filmed at the Seymour Demonstration Forest in North Vancouver. Although the typical shooting time for an episode of The X Files is eight days, " Detour " took nineteen days to film. Second unit director Brett Dowler later recounted that it "	"	PUNCT	rained	VERB	 rained
A month after release, Murray revealed at the annual Develop developers ' conference in Brighton some of the reasons publishers gave for their rejections. There were worries about the lack of potential for porting it to other platforms, and comments such as " collecting giant coins feels	feels	VERB	unrealistic	ADJ	 unrealistic
Showing an aptitude for drawing at an early age, he was largely self taught, receiving only elementary painting lessons from a family acquaintance. A Scottish painter, he also spent fifteen formative years from the age of fifteen in the USA, mainly in California. He	He	PRON	was	AUX	 was
An investigation by the mining regulator following the incident found that it was caused by mining and further seismic events would occur while mining continued. The report on the investigation recommended improvements in seismic monitoring among other things, and some of the recommendations had been implemented before the	the	DET	2014	NUM	 2014
In his later years he became more attached to the beliefs of his youth, and became the first Australian statesman to be received by Pope Paul VI during an official visit to the Vatican in July 1963. In retirement, Heffron lived in the North Shore suburb of	of	ADP	Kirribilli	PROPN	 Kirribilli
The age of PSR B1937 + 21 was also later determined to be 2.29 × 108 years, a value which is consistent with the observational evidence. The companion which is supposed to have spun up PSR B1937 + 21 is no longer present, making it one of	of	ADP	few	ADJ	 few
Personal investments, social exploration, and creativity became highly valued. The third part consists of the remaining five chapters. Rifkin extrapolates the changes in energy regimes to predict a shift in production towards renewable sources like wind and solar power under distributed (i.e. personal) management	management	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
This process involves either a highly modified form of the Calvin cycle or a recently discovered metabolic pathway called the 3 hydroxypropionate / 4 hydroxybutyrate cycle. The Crenarchaeota also use the reverse Krebs cycle while the Euryarchaeota also use the reductive acetyl CoA pathway. Carbon – fixation is	is	AUX	powered	VERB	 powered
Vitamins are classified as either water soluble or fat soluble. In humans there are 13 vitamins: 4 fat soluble (A, D, E, and K) and 9 water soluble (8 B vitamins and vitamin C). Water soluble vitamins dissolve easily in	in	ADP	water	NOUN	 water
None of the top five players in singles (Rose, Ty Cobb, Eddie Collins, Cap Anson, and Keeler) in MLB history have hit for the cycle; of those five, only Rose had more than 150 home runs, and two (Collins and	and	CCONJ	Keeler	PROPN	 Keeler
His government also introduced a controversial sexual sterilization program to prevent the mentally disabled from procreating. His government's fortunes entered a decline following the 1930 election. Agricultural prices collapsed, throwing many of Alberta's farmers into abject poverty. Urban unemployment shot up, and the	the	DET	government	NOUN	 government
Pre game media coverage of the game focused on Auburn being left out of the national championship game, a point of controversy for Auburn fans in the weeks leading up to the game. Much was made of that and the success of Auburn running backs Carnell Williams and	and	CCONJ	Ronnie	PROPN	 Ronnie
According to Lee Allen, baseball historian and writer, the scorecard shows that Borden gave up two bases on balls, which were counted as hits in the final score. The official scorekeeper for the game was O. P. Caylor, a writer for The Cincinnati Enquirer,	,	PUNCT	who	PRON	 who
Released outside the United States and Canada, " Leave Me Alone " topped the Irish charts, as well as peaking within the top ten in five other countries. The album's last official single was " Liberian Girl ", which did not chart on the Billboard	Billboard	PROPN	Hot	PROPN	 Hot
In 1984 he began writing a column for the Nottingham Evening Post. Brentford also organised a testimonial match for him in May 1985. Lawton's health deteriorated in his old age and he died in November 1996, aged 77, as a result of pneumonia. His	His	PRON	ashes	NOUN	 ashes
The station crest of the former RAF Leuchars, Fife, also showed the Saltire, in this case surmounted by a sword. The crest of the former RAF East Fortune, East Lothian, also showed a sword surmounting the Saltire, however unlike Leuchars this sword was	was	AUX	shown	VERB	 shown
The film was done in film noir style, and Mansfield appeared alongside Dan Duryea and Martha Vickers. The Burglar was released two years later, when Mansfield's fame was at its peak. She was successful in this straight dramatic role, though most of her subsequent	subsequent	ADJ	film	NOUN	 film
McClellan had also placed hopes on a simultaneous naval approach to Richmond via the James River. That approach failed following the Union Navy's defeat at the Battle of Drewry's Bluff, about 7 miles (11 km) downstream from the Confederate capital, on May 15	15	NUM	.	PUNCT	.
US 13, now known as North Salisbury Boulevard, continues north into a commercial area on a six lane divided highway, immediately passing by The Centre at Salisbury shopping mall. The road passes numerous businesses before crossing Leonard Pond, as the road narrows to five lanes	lanes	NOUN	(	PUNCT	 (
Thus, there is a potential risk of OROV infection in humans. Before the discovery of OROV, one hantavirus species had been identified in Mexico — El Moro Canyon virus from the small rodent Reithrodontomys megalotis. According to phylogenetic analyses based on the sequences of both the	the	DET	S	PROPN	 S
To protect its sensitive brain and eyes from the temperature changes accompanying these movements, the bigeye thresher has a vascular exchange system called the rete mirabile around those organs. This species feeds mainly on fish and squid, which are stunned via whip like strikes of the long	long	ADJ	tail	NOUN	 tail
However, in an interview, director Paul W. S. Anderson said that, if Resident Evil: Afterlife succeeds, he would do a fifth film and would like Leon to make an appearance in it. Leon then appeared as a major character in Resident Evil: Retribution	Retribution	NOUN	(	PUNCT	 (
She commended Benz for " develop [ing] her character, Rita, into a person instead of just the shell of one she appeared to be ". Blogcritics ' Ray Ellis commented, " If [' It's Alive! '] is any indication,	,	PUNCT	Dexter	PROPN	 Dexter
In his autobiography, Helm recalled how he listened to the recordings the Hawks had made with Dylan, and remembered that he " could tell that hanging out with the boys had helped Bob to find a connection with things we were interested in: blues, rockabilly,	,	PUNCT	R	PROPN	 R
In this pose, Kentrosaurus could have fed at heights of 3.3 m (11 ft). Because the tail had at least forty caudal vertebrae, it was highly mobile. It could possibly swing at an arc of 180 degrees, covering the entire half circle behind	behind	ADP	it	PRON	 it
Another point of contention, though mainly among Harrison's biographers, concerns Leon Russell. Alan Clayson bristles at the omnipresence of the Oklahoman singer and musician – " the epitome of the self satisfied sexism of the Delaney and Bonnie super sidemen ", Clayson writes – and	and	CCONJ	the	DET	 the
She is known for her work with World Wrestling Entertainment (WWE) on its ECW brand under the ring name Ariel and for Total Nonstop Action Wrestling (TNA) under the ring name Salinas as valet to The Latin American Xchange (LAX). Martinez entered professional	professional	ADJ	wrestling	NOUN	 wrestling
Portugal's Sérgio Paulinho, the silver medalist at the 2004 event, was said to be in insufficient shape to race. After Russian Vladimir Gusev was fired by his professional team Astana for failing an internal doping check, he was replaced in this event by Denis Menchov	Menchov	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
In the Ananda Ramayana, both Trijata and Sarama journey to Ayodhya in the Pushpaka Vimana. Later, when Sita visits Lanka, she tells Sarama to treat Trijata as if she would her. The Kakawin Ramayana mentions how Trijata is honoured with rich gifts by Sita at	at	ADP	Ayodhya	PROPN	 Ayodhya
" Lisa the Vegetarian " originally aired on the Fox network in the United States on October 15, 1995. It finished 47th in the ratings for the week of October 9 – 15, 1995, with a Nielsen rating of 9.0, equivalent to approximately 8.63 million	million	NUM	viewing	NOUN	 viewing
The same treatment befell his own headquarters at Kweilin in October. As he circled Kweilin one final time in his command B 25, he said to Time magazine writer Theodore H. White (who was evacuating as well), " I'm going to write a book	book	NOUN	about	ADP	 about
During the height of his career, from 1936 to 1943, he played a new type of hero — a champion of the common man willing to sacrifice himself for others (Mr. Deeds, Meet John Doe, and For Whom the Bell Tolls). In the	the	DET	post	NOUN	 post
Funding for the initial phase of pre excavation research came from the Richard III Society's bursary fund and members of the Looking for Richard project, with Leicester Promotions agreeing to pick up the £35,000 cost of the dig. The University of Leicester Archaeological Services — an	an	DET	independent	ADJ	 independent
In December 940, al Radi died. Bajkam remained at Wasit, but sent his secretary to Baghdad to convene a council of Abbasid aristocrats, who selected al Muttaqi (r. 940 – 944), al Radi's brother, as Caliph. Bajkam also sent a	a	DET	slave	NOUN	 slave
After having her face burned in the season nine finale, Tess wakes up in the season ten premiere, with her face healed, in a secret lab surrounded by clones of Lex. In the tenth season episode " Abandoned ", it is revealed that Tess was	was	AUX	born	VERB	 born
Miami was penalized 15 yards for roughing the kicker during the field goal attempt, allowing Tech to kick off from the Miami 45 yard line following the score. Instead of kicking off to Miami, Tech attempted an onside kick, which would allow Tech to retain possession	possession	NOUN	if	SCONJ	 if
In the summer of 1997, Tony Iommi, Geezer Butler, and Ozzy Osbourne officially reunited to co headline the Ozzfest festival tour alongside Osbourne's solo band. The line up featured Osbourne's drummer Mike Bordin filling in for Ward, who was unable to participate because	because	SCONJ	of	ADP	 of
Weiquan lawyers have also challenged the application of state secret laws, which are sometimes used to prosecute individuals who disseminate information on politically sensitive issues. In November 2009, for instance, lawyers were involved in arguing for Huang Qi, a Sichuan activist who had advocated online	online	ADV	for	ADP	 for
They then released their debut single " She's Hearing Voices " on the then fledgling record label Trash Aesthetics. The band got their break after Okereke went to a Franz Ferdinand concert in 2003, and gave a copy of " She's Hearing Voices " to both	both	DET	lead	NOUN	 lead
Much of Shen Kuo's written work was probably purged under the leadership of minister Cai Jing (1046 – 1126), who revived the New Policies of Wang Anshi, although he set out on a campaign of attrition to destroy or radically alter the written work of	of	ADP	his	PRON	 his
I. / JG 51 exchanged the Avia B 534 biplanes for the Bf 109 and was charged with protection of Germany's Western border during the Phoney War — the phase in the months following Britain and France's declaration of war on Germany in September 1939 and preceding the	the	DET	Battle	PROPN	 Battle
" She had a supporting role as Eleanor Costello, a nurse who befriends Robin Williams ' character in the Academy Award nominated film Awakenings. Kavner interviewed several nurses in preparation for the role, and Penny Marshall, the director of the film, described Kavner as "	"	PUNCT	a	DET	 a
For the Bob, Brownlee temporarily abandoned his seriousness to write skits poking fun at the college and his classmates; these won good reviews, with the Acta Victoriana declaring the 1908 edition, which Brownlee headed, " one of the best ever ". The summer following	following	VERB	his	PRON	 his
Intravenous dosing varies with weight, specifically in children. For patients less than 20 kg, the loading dose is 150 mg / kg in 3 mL / kg diluent, administered over 60 minutes; the second dose is 50 mg / kg in 7 mL / kg	kg	PROPN	diluent	ADJ	 diluent
Files also revealed that the IDF had practiced crossing the Jordan River in 1966 during the Jordanian occupation of the West Bank. Israel maintains that it had performed a coordinated withdrawal after achieving its goal of destroying the Karameh camp. However, few Israeli military personnel who participated	participated	VERB	in	ADP	 in
This contributed to the complete unravelling of Chetnik – Partisan cooperation in eastern Bosnia. The Partisan main force was able to evade the Germans, infiltrate through the Italian cordon to the south and establish itself around Foča. The failure of the Axis forces to decisively engage the	the	DET	Partisans	PROPN	 Partisans
The structure of the tournament was similar to the 1999 World Cup. The 14 teams were assigned to two different groups of seven each. The top three contestants from each group qualified for the Super Sixes stage, a format which was introduced in the 1999 tournament.	.	PUNCT	The	DET	 The
The move to the PlayStation 2 allowed for real time streaming of music. Meguro considers this " the point at which [he] was finally able to express [his] music without making any compromises ". He was also worried about the pronunciation of the English	English	ADJ	lyrics	NOUN	 lyrics
" A year and a half later, during her husband's campaign for the presidency, The New York Times called her " a paragon of wifely virtues " whose " efficiency makes other women feel slothful and untalented ". Pat Nixon was named Outstanding Homemaker of the	the	DET	Year	PROPN	 Year
German engineers and technicians that accompanied earlier UB I boats to Pola worked under the supervision of Kapitänleutnant Hans Adam, head of the U boat special command (German: Sonderkommando). Typically, the UB I assembly process took about two to three weeks. While UB	UB	PROPN	14	NUM	 14
Geoff Andrew of Time Out noted that the " string of hummable songs gives it momentum, Gray's admirably straight faced narrator holds it together, and a run on black lingerie takes care of almost everything else ", rating it 4 out of 5 stars. Dave	Dave	PROPN	Kehr	PROPN	 Kehr
Films demonstrating his artistic range include I'm All Right Jack (1959), Stanley Kubrick's Lolita (1962) and Dr. Strangelove (1964), What's New, Pussycat? (1965), Casino Royale (1967), The Party (1968)	)	PUNCT	,	PUNCT	,
They shall suffer for this. " Lincoln died at 7: 22 am the next morning; Johnson's swearing in occurred between 10 and 11 am with Chief Justice Salmon P. Chase presiding in the presence of most of the Cabinet. Johnson's demeanor was described by	by	ADP	the	DET	 the
He began reading everything he could about the " art of writing ", and then plotted the whole Inheritance Cycle book series. After a month of planning out the series, he started writing the draft of Eragon by hand. It was finished a year later,	,	PUNCT	and	CCONJ	 and
A concoction of tar, lime, and petrol gel known as 5B was also developed. " 5B was dark coloured, sticky, smooth paste which burned fiercely for many minutes, stuck easily to anything with which it came in contact and did not flow on burning	burning	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
Upon opening in 1997, it set world records for this type of coaster in height, drop, speed, length and number of inversions. The introduction of the ride caused Kentucky Kingdom to achieve record attendance levels. After Six Flags abandoned Kentucky Kingdom in 2009,	,	PUNCT	the	DET	 the
Other bacteria found on lettuce include Aeromonas species, which have not been linked to any outbreaks; Campylobacter species, which cause campylobacteriosis; and Yersinia intermedia and Yersinia kristensenii (species of Yersinia), which have been found mainly in lettuce. Lettuce has been linked to	to	ADP	numerous	ADJ	 numerous
The next day, Peter Parker gets across town as Spider Man, unaware that Montana and his men are watching him. He then hangs out at Harry's apartment, discussing the upcoming Fall Formal, until he receives an e mail from J. Jonah Jameson of the	the	DET	Daily	PROPN	 Daily
Nevertheless, nobody expected the government to fall as soon as it did. On 4 November 1915, Mongenast nominated a new candidate for head of Luxembourg's école normale. The nomination did not meet with Grand Ducal approval, and Marie Adélaïde rejected him. Mongenast persisted	persisted	VERB	;	PUNCT	;
" Comparing Angelina to herself, she said: " There are some things that I, Diana, would be too terrified to walk out of the house wearing, but Angelina is not afraid. " She is also described as a " mafia princess ". DeGarmo	DeGarmo	PROPN	said	VERB	 said
A couple, Abi Raven (Elaine Glover) and Daniel Raven (Chris Hargreaves) befriended Ste and tried to convince him that he was a good father, and that he did not need Amy in their lives. However, Abi and Daniel planned to kidnap Lucas	Lucas	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
Under these conditions, enormous bursts of star formation are triggered, so rapid that most of the gas is converted into stars rather than the normal rate of 10% or less. Galaxies undergoing such rapid star formation are known as starburst galaxies. The post merger elliptical	elliptical	ADJ	galaxy	NOUN	 galaxy
" As well as essential information on lodgings, service stations and garages, it provided details of leisure facilities open to African Americans, including beauty salons, restaurants, nightclubs and country clubs. The listings focused on four main categories – hotels, motels, tourist homes	homes	NOUN	(	PUNCT	 (
Burke scored eight points in the final 1: 15 of regulation time, including a game tying long three pointer with 4.2 seconds remaining. McGary (25 points and 14 rebounds) and Burke (23 points and 10 assists) both posted double doubles. In the	the	DET	regional	ADJ	 regional
" The music video debuted on iLike, an online music service on October 27, 2008. The music video starts with multi colored, digital waves which then merge into a scene where Aguilera is sat in an editing suite overlooking a sound and edit board. Pressing	Pressing	VERB	flashing	VERB	 flashing
At 0000 UTC on August 18, the National Hurricane Center's Tropical Analysis and Forecast Branch (TAFB) indicated a low level circulation, though the system was still considered " too weak to classify ". The TAFB released an initial classification later that day at 1145	1145	NUM	UTC	PROPN	 UTC
The word diet derives from Latin and was a common name for an assembly in medieval Germany. The Meiji constitution was largely based on the form of constitutional monarchy found in nineteenth century Prussia and the new Diet was modeled partly on the German Reichstag and partly on the	the	DET	British	ADJ	 British
Both U.S. battalions dug in for the night while artillery bombarded the Japanese positions. Between 20 and 23 December, the Japanese apparently withdrew from the area, as aggressive U.S. Army patrols encountered no more enemy in the area of Hills 20 and 21 and further to the	the	DET	south	NOUN	 south
With priority of effort being given to the campaigns in the Philippines and Borneo, the arrival of the 6th Division took place over several months. Initially, they were camped around Tadji defending the airfield there, but after Christmas, the majority of the battalion – headquarters	headquarters	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
Neither of the two was happy with the situation, and at the end of April 1846 she had a lawyer write up a contract " to separate, altogether and forever,... which would in effect be a divorce ". The contract forbade Griswold from remarrying and	and	CCONJ	paid	VERB	 paid
" Mitch Pileggi, who portrayed Walter Skinner, was pleased with the final product. He later complimented the work of Robert Patrick, who played Doggett, saying, " It was a big hole when Mulder was gone, but I thought that Robert came in and	and	CCONJ	did	VERB	 did
The 77 yard pass from Rix to Walker was the third longest in Gator Bowl history. On the opposite side of the ball, Davis ' 158 receiving yards were the ninth most recorded in Gator Bowl history, and his 55 yard reception from Noel was the ninth	ninth	ADJ	longest	ADJ	 longest
Just before Christmas, the team boarded a train in Ann Abor for a three day trip across the country. With little to do on the train, Alvin Wistert recalled that Dworsky entertained the team with music. " Dan Dworsky was a piano player. We'd	'd	AUX	gather	VERB	 gather
These flocks, called ' coalitions ', usually comprise five to eight birds, although coalitions of up to 40 birds can occur when mobbing a potential predator. Membership of the coalition changes frequently as individuals leave the group as it passes beyond the boundary of their activity	activity	NOUN	space	NOUN	 space
" Set the World Afire " is the first song Dave Mustaine wrote for Megadeth after being fired from Metallica. He was a member of Metallica from 1982 – 83, and was dismissed just before Metallica recorded its debut album Kill ' Em All. He later said	said	VERB	that	SCONJ	 that
She debuted on WWE's Raw brand in May 2006, but suffered a legitimate broken jaw the following month. As a result, she had numerous surgeries and returned to OVW for further training. While there, she won the OVW Women's Championship twice, although	although	SCONJ	her	PRON	 her
On August 29, the JMA upgraded the depression to Tropical Storm Dujuan, although the JTWC had upgraded a day prior. That day, the Philippine Atmospheric, Geophysical and Astronomical Services Administration (PAGASA) began issuing advisories as the storm approached the region, naming it	it	PRON	Onyok	VERB	 Onyok
In 1869 the Craven estate, now heavily in debt, was sold to the wealthy industrialist John Derby Allcroft who paid for another round of extensive restoration during the 1870s. Both of these owners attempted to limit any alterations to the existing buildings during their conservation work,	,	PUNCT	which	PRON	 which
After working as a demo singer in the 1980s, he signed with Epic Records ' Nashville division in 1990. Between then and 2004, Diffie charted 35 cuts on the Billboard Hot Country Songs chart, including five number one singles: his debut release " Home "	"	PUNCT	,	PUNCT	,
Later into the match, as Michaels was about to perform Sweet Chin Music on Triple H, Edge interfered in the match and hit Michaels with a spear. Following this, Triple H covered Michaels to win the match via pinfall and retain the World Heavyweight Championship.	.	PUNCT	The	DET	 The
Generally when he had concluded a period, in the course of a dispute, by which time he was a good deal exhausted by violence and vociferation, he used to blow out his breath like a Whale. " There are many similar accounts; in particular,	,	PUNCT	Johnson	PROPN	 Johnson
From 1 – 7 June, II Brigade had 47 calls through wireless interception, shot down one German aircraft, damaged seven and stopped 22 German artillery bombardments. Normal offensive patrols continued beyond the barrage line out to a line from Ypres to Roulers and Menin, where	where	SCONJ	large	ADJ	 large
Holroyd started his football career at Crewe Alexandra, progressing through the club's youth system. He subsequently joined Chester City for the third year of his scholarship, and signed professional terms in 2006. In July 2008, Holroyd left Chester by mutual agreement with a year	year	NOUN	remaining	VERB	 remaining
When making her final appearance in " Preemptive Strike ", she is tasked by Starfleet to infiltrate the Maquis, eventually defecting and joining them permanently. Ro was also planned to be a main character in Star Trek: Deep Space Nine. However, Forbes turned down	down	ADP	the	DET	 the
After a brief, informal trial, he was executed by firing squad. Yagan remained at large for over two months. Late in May, George Fletcher Moore reported seeing Yagan on his property and talking with him in pidgin English. Moore wrote in the Perth Gazette	Gazette	PROPN	:	PUNCT	:
While the Stoics became the most well known proponents of the argument from design, the atomistic counter arguments were refined most famously by the Epicureans. On the one hand they criticized the evidence for there being evidence of an intelligent design to nature, and the logic of	of	ADP	the	DET	 the
The North Koreans were driven off at dawn, but Major Eugene J. Carson, battalion executive officer, then discovered that he had on the position with him only 30 men, 7 of them wounded. Looking back down the hill, Carson saw approximately 40 men get	get	VERB	up	ADP	 up
It is found at low elevations in semi arid to humid habitats ranging from shrubland and abandoned farmland to woodland with thick understory, and is primarily sedentary. Although it is a mimid, the black catbird is not known to imitate any other species. Its song is	is	AUX	a	DET	 a
Some publications found fault with complaints which remained from the original, including the combat system. IGN and GamePro took issue with the lack of " smart " combat; if an enemy is killed before other party members attack it, those members switch to defense instead of	of	ADP	intelligently	ADV	 intelligently
Weeks of tension and slow progress nearly prompted the group to break up until they made a breakthrough with the improvised writing of the song " One ". They returned to Dublin in 1991, where morale improved and the majority of the album was completed. Achtung Baby	Baby	PROPN	was	AUX	 was
They failed to reconnoitre properly the Bulgarian forces opposing them, and instead their army broke and fled leaving behind their equipment and horses " to the Bulgarian shepherds and swineherds ". This failure enraged the Emperor Theodore II Laskaris, who removed both from their offices. In	In	ADP	addition	NOUN	 addition
An exception is in the Sundarbans, where healthy tigers prey upon fishermen and villagers in search of forest produce, humans thereby forming a minor part of the tiger's diet. Although almost exclusively carnivorous, tigers will occasionally eat vegetation for dietary fibre such as fruit of	of	ADP	the	DET	 the
The report led to Scientology being banned in Victoria, Western Australia and South Australia, and led to more negative publicity around the world. Newspapers and politicians in the UK pressed the British government for action against Scientology. In April 1966, hoping to form a remote	remote	ADJ	"	PUNCT	 "
Its men had come from many walks of life, and while some were too old to join the AIF, or were medically unfit or employed in restricted occupations, they acquitted themselves well in the harsh terrain, with only limited equipment and support, often developing their	their	PRON	own	ADJ	 own
" John C. Reilly as Rhomann Dey: A corpsman in the Nova Corps, the Nova Empire's military and police force. Glenn Close as Irani Rael: The leader of the Nova Corps, known as Nova Prime, whose mission is to protect the citizens of	of	ADP	the	DET	 the
A week later Frusciante responded to Turley's demands saying that he refuses to pay her any more money and that she is also seeking $2,600 a month for gifts and expenses for her adult brother. He also said he was done footing the bill for her musical	musical	ADJ	career	NOUN	 career
The film marked the beginning of a collaboration between Gopalakrishnan and cinematographer Mankada Ravi Varma. Gopalakrishnan had seen Varma's work in his second film as a cinematographer, Olavum Theeravum (1970), and when he decided to work on Swayamvaram, Gopalakrishnan approached Varma with the	the	DET	script	NOUN	 script
Players found that the SecuROM limited the number of times the game could be activated to two; user feedback led to 2 K Games to increase the activation count to five, and later offer a tool that allowed users to revoke previous activations on their own. Ultimately	Ultimately	ADV	2	NUM	 2
The 174th Infantry Brigade was first constituted on 5 August 1917 in the National Army. It was organized on 25 August 1917 at Camp Dix, New Jersey, and assigned to the 87th Division. It never saw combat in World War I, like the other units	units	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
It traces its roots to the UP College of Agriculture (UPCA), which was founded in 1909 by the American colonial government to promote agricultural education and research in the Philippines. American botanist Edwin Copeland served as its first dean. UPLB was formally established in 1972	1972	NUM	following	VERB	 following
The final artwork, showing Guybrush and Elaine brandishing cutlasses on a ship emerging from fog, was favored as Purcell felt it was appropriately eerie. Grossman said that the game's simultaneous release on Windows and WiiWare was due to Telltale's business model; the company alternates	alternates	VERB	its	PRON	 its
The burned man cuts Dean's throat in the dream, but in reality it appears that Dean is cutting his own throat as his friend, waitress Nancy Holbrook (Rooney Mara), looks on with Kris. At Dean's funeral, Kris sees a photograph of	of	ADP	her	PRON	 her
On November 12 in the Champions Classic at his hometown United Center, Parker posted 27 points, 9 rebounds, 1 assist, 2 steals, and 1 block in a losing effort against Wiggins's Kansas Jayhawks. On January 18, Parker scored 23 against NC State	State	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
Yaish's four year term legally expired in December 2009. While elections in the West Bank were scheduled for 17 July 2010, they were canceled due to Fatah's lack of agreement on list of candidates. Nablus was one of the most important municipalities where Fatah failed	failed	VERB	to	PART	 to
" The end result for either scenario, " Grauso concluded, " Is that, hopefully, ratings move up and stay up. In the first case, fans might be lost by the disconnect from the MCU, but a stronger storyline and more consistent writing would	would	AUX	bring	VERB	 bring
Bahrain Centre for Human Rights published detailed allegations of the torture allegedly inflicted on the Bahrain Thirteen. On 8 May 2011, the authorities declared that none of the Bahrain Thirteen had been subjected to torture, stating that information from the Military Hospital and the Salmaniya Medical Complex	Complex	PROPN	showed	VERB	 showed
Danforth, along with Daniel Gookin and the Indian missionary Reverend John Eliot, was a vocal supporter of the Praying Indians, and worked to prevent some of these excesses, at some personal risk. In one notable instance Danforth was aboard a small boat with other colonial	colonial	ADJ	officials	NOUN	 officials
" The collection was included in the God of War III Ultimate Trilogy Edition, released on March 18, 2010, in Australia and New Zealand, and on March 19 in Europe. It was released in Japan as a standalone on March 18, where it was	was	AUX	distributed	VERB	 distributed
Her wreck was salvaged the next year by the Italians, who interred U 12's crewmen in a Venetian cemetery. SS 3 was built on speculation by Whitehead & Co. of Fiume. Her design was based on the John Philip Holland design licensed by Whitehead for U	U	PROPN	5	NUM	 5
The cover of the album was designed by Barrett; it was originally one of many drawings Barrett had done in Cambridge, years earlier. Barrett was released in November 1970 to less interest than had greeted The Madcap Laughs earlier in the year, and as a result	result	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
It occurs in Metropolitan Natural Park, an urban park within Panama City. In Colombia, it occurs on the Pacific coast west of the Andes, south to the Rio San Juan. The eastern boundary of its range in Colombia was once thought to be the Rio	Rio	PROPN	Atrato	PROPN	 Atrato
Parseghian's teams beat Notre Dame four straight times after their annual series was renewed in 1959 following a decade long hiatus. Toward the end of his tenure at Northwestern, Parseghian grew frustrated by the school's limited financial resources, curbs on football scholarships and academic standards	standards	NOUN	for	ADP	 for
In 30 Tests as captain, he scored 2,550 runs at an average of 50, with seven centuries. Remaining available for Test cricket, he played in the 1975 – 76 series against the West Indies under the captaincy of his brother Greg. Australia avenged their loss	loss	NOUN	in	ADP	 in
Edgar's death had encouraged the reactionary nobles, and at once there was a determined attack upon the monks, the protagonists of reform. Throughout Mercia they were persecuted and deprived of their possessions. Their cause, however, was supported by Æthelwine, the ealdorman of	of	ADP	East	PROPN	 East
Herzberg: Bautz. cols. 345 – 350. ISBN 3 88309 064 6. Tsanev, Stefan (2006). " 10 (889 – 912) Zlatnijat vek. Knjaz Rasate Vladimir, car Simeon Veliki; 11 (912 – 927) Kǎrvavijat vek.	.	PUNCT	Simeon	NOUN	 Simeon
Military sociology also concerns civilian military relations and interactions between other groups or governmental agencies. Topics include the dominant assumptions held by those in the military, changes in military members ' willingness to fight, military unionisation, military professionalism, the increased utilisation of women, the	the	DET	military	ADJ	 military
To enable the southbound tunnel of the main route to avoid the branch tunnels, it was constructed at a lower level than the other tunnels and platforms. The tunnel towards Covent Garden (at this point heading south west) passes under the branch tunnels. As with	with	ADP	most	ADJ	 most
Similar to other alkali metals, rubidium metal reacts violently with water. As with potassium (which is slightly less reactive) and caesium (which is slightly more reactive), this reaction is usually vigorous enough to ignite the hydrogen gas it produces. Rubidium has also	also	ADV	been	AUX	 been
The birth of her daughter and son are chronicled and her marriage to Guy Ritchie. Madonna includes detailed descriptions of her relationships with people including John F. Kennedy, Jr. and Michael Jackson. American journalist and celebrity biographer Andrew Morton is known for his works on Diana,	,	PUNCT	Princess	PROPN	 Princess
There are 150 unique players on 18 teams, each with thematic personalities in appearance, play style, and profanity. Teams also vary in skill set, and attributes such as defense, speed, strength, and teamwork. Examples include the Sea Cats (fast all	all	DET	female	ADJ	 female
Off the coast, waves generated by the tropical cyclone reached 4.5 m (15 ft). Twenty vessels and barges and hundreds of small fishing boats sank as a result of the rough seas and storm surge generated by the storm. Another 37 vessels carrying ₤ 2	2	NUM	million	NUM	 million
In May 2007, Rowling pledged a donation reported as over £250,000 to a reward fund started by the tabloid News of the World for the safe return of a young British girl, Madeleine McCann, who disappeared in Portugal. Rowling, along with Nelson Mandela,	,	PUNCT	Al	PROPN	 Al
Originally she was a fountain of knowledge then next thing I know, people are telling Dot what had been happening and I thought, ‘ No, this just won ’ t do ’. I was very annoyed, I felt like they had completely changed my character	character	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
Sweet shops or mahal al hilaweyat, can be found in the souks of cities and major towns, they offer a wide range of sweets common with Palestinians, such as, kanafeh, baklawa and anise flavored cookies. Family run shops often serve at least one type	type	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
Reisdorf and Wuttke (2012) described the taphonomical phenomena of the German specimen of Compsognathus. The Compsognathus specimen discovered in Germany in the 19th century featured only two digits on each forelimb, leading scientists to conclude that this was how the creature appeared in life. However	However	ADV	,	PUNCT	,
Seydlitz turned back with the screen of light cruisers at a speed of 15 knots (28 km / h). The four remaining battlecruisers turned south immediately in the direction of Norderney to avoid further mine damage. By 16: 00, Seydlitz was clear of imminent	imminent	ADJ	danger	NOUN	 danger
The plants at Willow Run produced B 24 Liberator bombers by Ford Motor Company during World War II. The second, the Detroit Industrial Expressway, continued the route of the Willow Run Expressway eastward into Detroit. Both highways were built to move workers from Detroit to the	the	DET	industrial	ADJ	 industrial
In his 1994 book The Complete Guide to the Music of The Doors, Peter K. Hogan describes the album as an expansion on the style from Morrison Hotel, but in a more coherent form. He also believed L.A. Woman was a fitting swan song for Morrison,	,	PUNCT	who	PRON	 who
At age 40, Johnson returned to the Minneapolis Millers as a player coach for the 1938 – 39 season. He quickly became the American Hockey Association's most popular star as large crowds attended games he participated in, and was named an AHA all star in 1939	1939	NUM	.	PUNCT	.
Indiana's defense also held fast on the next possession, and Tech was unable to gain a first down following the turnover. Tech's punt was returned to the Indiana 38 yard line, where the Hoosier offense returned to the field. At first, the Hoosiers	Hoosiers	PROPN	were	AUX	 were
The town is a major transport hub for the area of Zagreb County and Zagreb itself. It is thus known as the " northwestern gate to Zagreb County. " The Zagreb bypass, and the tolled A2 highway (Zagreb – Macelj, toward Austria; part of	of	ADP	European	PROPN	 European
Mortimer's time was.07 second faster than her April Trials record, and.14 second faster than Pascoe's time; she went into the race " a bit annoyed " and " mad at anyone who was going to take it from me ". In the preliminary round of	of	ADP	the	DET	 the
His arrival provided the catalyst for the band's musical and emotional evolution. By 2000, all band members had part time jobs and were practicing new material several nights a week in a small hired recording space. In the fall of that year, their demo caught	caught	VERB	the	DET	 the
By 1 January 1922, the weather had abated: " Rest and calm after the storm – the year has begun kindly for us ", wrote Shackleton in his diary. On 4 January 1922, South Georgia was sighted, and late that morning Quest anchored at	at	ADP	Grytviken	PROPN	 Grytviken
The majority of critics have been intrigued by her " polarising personality " and branded it as one of the main reasons to watch the series. New York magazine gave a large amount of praise to Jenny and on one occasion stated: " Jenny Schecter is The L	L	PROPN	Word	PROPN	 Word
Antennae are extremely sensitive; the feathered antennae of male moths from the Saturniidae, Lasiocampidae and many other families are so sensitive that they can detect the pheromones of female moths from distances of up to 2 km (1.2 mi) away. Lepidoptera antennae can be angled	angled	VERB	in	ADP	 in
On successive nights in October 2007, he addressed first the students and faculty of Virginia Tech, then the community of Blacksburg, Virginia, on the topic of evil and suffering in the wake of the Virginia Tech massacre. Zacharias has represented the evangelical community at occasions	occasions	NOUN	such	ADJ	 such
. Hughes redesigned the album's cover, and went on to design almost every KMFDM album cover. Watts left the group after working on just three songs on 1988's Don't Blow Your Top to start his own project, Pig. After working the Hamburg underground	underground	ADJ	music	NOUN	 music
Murshid Quli Khan arrived as the Diwan of Bengal in 1717 AD. Before his arrival, there were four Diwans. And, after his arrival, Azim ush Shan held the Nizam's office. Azim got into conflict with Murshid Quli Khan over imperial financial control.	.	PUNCT	Considering	VERB	 Considering
Storm surge peaked at 6.4 ft (1.95 m) above average in western portions of Lake Pontchartrain. A bridge crossing Thunder Bayou, which extended west of the lake, was washed out by the waves. Similarly, a station at Calcasieu Pass reported a storm surge	surge	NOUN	4.8	NUM	 4.8
Shortly after the start of her third such voyage, however, she collided with another U.S. Navy vessel, USS West Gate, sinking that vessel with the loss of seven of her crew in October 1918. She completed one more round trip in U.S. Navy service,	,	PUNCT	sailing	VERB	 sailing
Despite the marginally favorable conditions, the overall structure improved on November 1, with pronounced outflow developing along the western periphery. A nearby buoy reported a barometric pressure of 998 mbar (29.5 inHg), which confirmed the increasing organization. At 03: 00 UTC on	on	ADP	November	PROPN	 November
As a result, the American Red Cross was able to collect only $3 million of $5 million needed. The 1926 hurricane effectively ended the land boom in Miami, despite the attempts at hiding the effects. It also forced drainage commissioners to re evaluate the	the	DET	effectiveness	NOUN	 effectiveness
The station is owned by Kollektivtransportproduksjon. On the other side of the tracks, about 200 metres (660 ft) away is Grefsen Station on the Gjøvik Line. It is served every 40 minutes by NSB Gjøvikbanen services of the Oslo Commuter Rail towards Nittedal, Hadeland	Hadeland	PROPN	and	CCONJ	 and
Forming from a tropical wave on October 13 in the central tropical Atlantic Ocean, Nicholas slowly developed due to moderate levels of wind shear throughout its lifetime. Deep convection slowly organized, and Nicholas attained a peak intensity of 70 mph (110 km / h) on	on	ADP	October	PROPN	 October
In January 1943, Pius XII declined to denounce publicly the Nazi discrimination against the Jews, following requests to do so from Władysław Raczkiewicz, president of the Polish government in exile, and Bishop Konrad von Preysing of Berlin. According to Toland, in June 1943,	,	PUNCT	Pius	PROPN	 Pius
On October 30, Wednesday 13 joined Hanoi Rocks frontman Michael Monroe at Fopp Records in Covent Garden, London, England, for a session signing merchandise for fans. This event included an exclusive release of the DVD recording of Fuck It, We'll Do It Live	Live	VERB	.	PUNCT	.
Jack seeks retribution for personal losses suffered after Charles Logan convinces Taylor to cover up these crimes to protect the peace agreement. Jack becomes a fugitive from Russian and American governments and disappears. Live Another Day, set four years later, begins at 11: 00 a.m.	a.m.	NOUN	and	CCONJ	 and
In the melee Magnus was pierced by a spear through both thighs above the knees but he fought on, attempting to get his men back to the level campsite. An axe wielding Irishman charged him, striking a lethal blow to his neck. When his men said	said	VERB	that	SCONJ	 that
Unlike other Mac computers, the Mac Pro did not include an infrared receiver (required to use the Apple Remote). In Mac OS X Leopard, Front Row could be accessed on the Mac Pro (and other Macs) using the Command (⌘) -Escape	-Escape	NOUN	keystroke	NOUN	 keystroke
Authorities such as the American Academy of Pediatrics define lead poisoning as blood lead levels higher than 10 μg / dL. Lead forms a variety of compounds and exists in the environment in various forms. Features of poisoning differ depending on whether the agent is an organic compound (	(	PUNCT	one	NOUN	one
Hubert, accompanied by Henry, moved into Wales to suppress Llywelyn in 1223, and in England his forces steadily reclaimed Henry's castles. The effort against the remaining recalcitrant barons came to a head in 1224 with the siege of Bedford Castle, which Henry and Hubert	Hubert	PROPN	besieged	VERB	 besieged
One reason is that black holes are the most compact objects that can orbit each other as part of a binary system; as a result, the gravitational waves emitted by such a system are especially strong. Another reason follows from what are called black hole uniqueness theorems	theorems	VERB	:	PUNCT	:
Hassett came in at 117 / 2 and Australia closed at 153 / 2. Morris was unbeaten on 77. On the second morning, Hassett and Morris took the score to 226 before their 109 run stand ended with Hassett's fall for 37. The following four	four	NUM	batsmen	NOUN	 batsmen
With progression of the disease, the myometrium is infiltrated. Endometrial carcinoma is surgically staged using the FIGO cancer staging system. The 2009 FIGO staging system is as follows: Myometrial invasion and involvement of the pelvic and para aortic lymph nodes are the most commonly seen patterns	patterns	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
However, when Nicola arranges a meal that they both attend, Ivan and Paul get drunk and flirt. Ivan moves in with Simon and Nicola. Ivan goes to collect some things that he left behind at Jordan's house. Paul goes with him and takes Rodney	Rodney	PROPN	's	PART	's
The Miami Hurricane Warning Office (HWO) was moved from Lindsey Hopkins Hotel to the Aviation Building 4 miles (6.4 km) to the northwest on July 1, 1958. Forecasts within the hurricane advisories were issued one day into the future in 1954 before being extended	extended	VERB	to	ADP	 to
The first official single, " Sunshowers ", was M.I.A. ' s first on XL and was released on 5 July 2004. It was supported by a music video directed by Indian filmmaker Rajesh Touchriver. Following the re release of " Galang ", the third single	single	ADJ	from	ADP	 from
" A drug addiction subplot was removed based on Barris's request for historical authenticity. Clooney was adamant that Barris become heavily involved during production in an attempt to portray the film from his point of view. Barris was so enthusiastic with Clooney's work on the film	film	NOUN	that	PRON	 that
However, her father also converts. The locals, who have been stirred up by Takeo, go on a murderous rampage against the family. They first go to the chapel but the newlyweds evade them and so they go to the beach house instead. When the	the	DET	mob	NOUN	 mob
Merchandise has been modeled after Naruto, including key chains, and action figures. In the 2009 Society for the Promotion of Japanese Animation Awards, Junko Takeuchi won " Best Voice Actress (Japanese) " for her work as Naruto. Naruto placed sixth in IGN's	's	PART	Top	ADJ	 Top
Chain length, side chains and functional groups all affect the properties of organic molecules. Carbon occurs in all known organic life and is the basis of organic chemistry. When united with hydrogen, it forms various hydrocarbons that are important to industry as refrigerants, lubricants,	,	PUNCT	solvents	NOUN	 solvents
Krusty did attend the school, where he said he made the other students laugh by doing funny impressions of his father. As a result, Krusty became a slapstick comedian behind his father's back. One night, Krusty performed at a rabbi's convention and a	a	DET	rabbi	ADJ	 rabbi
Based on experience with Imperator Aleksandr II in which the casemate mounted secondary armament could often not be worked in rough weather, the Naval Technical Committee adopted the layout of the American Indiana class battleships with the secondary armament of 8 inch (203 mm) guns mounted in	in	ADP	turrets	NOUN	 turrets
He needed a new collaborator, so he took on Hilde Levi, whose recent thesis had impressed him. His original intention was to continue his research into the fluorescence of vapours and liquids, but under Bohr's influence they began to take an interest in biological aspects	aspects	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
Blücher had a draft of 8.84 m (29.0 ft) forward, but slightly less aft, at 8.56 m (28 ft 1 in). The ship displaced 15,842 t (15,592 long tons) at her designed weight, and up to 17,500 t (17,200	17,200	NUM	long	ADJ	 long
The league restricts the number of import players which can be dressed for a game, with a current limit of 11 imports. Player turnover is high, with a large proportion of players spending a single season at a team before moving on, and multi year contracts	contracts	NOUN	are	AUX	 are
Only a handful of buildings survive in the castle's planned town of Skipsea Brough. Skipsea Castle was a motte and bailey design, with the two parts of the fortification divided by Skipsea Mere. The mere surrounded the motte; the south east corner of the mere	mere	ADJ	was	AUX	 was
Look, it's a mainstream animated movie, and how often are those considered thought provoking? " The film opened on November 5, 2004, as Pixar's first film to be rated PG (for " action violence "). Its theatrical release was accompanied	accompanied	VERB	with	ADP	 with
The designers allow the player to decide on a whole series of value choices and choose a " ruthless ", " moderate ", or " idealistic " stance. Reynolds said the designers don't promote a single " right " answer, instead giving each value choice	choice	NOUN	positive	ADJ	 positive
– the elder brother of future US President John F. Kennedy – was killed when the drone aircraft exploded prematurely. By the end of the bombing campaign, over 4,100 tons of bombs had been dropped on Mimoyecques, more than on any other V weapons site. The	The	DET	Mimoyecques	PROPN	 Mimoyecques
The Hoysala style is an offshoot of the Western Chalukya style, which was popular in the 10th and 11th centuries. It is distinctively Dravidian, and according to Brown, owing to its features, Hoysala architecture qualifies as an independent style. While the Hoysalas introduced innovative	innovative	ADJ	features	NOUN	 features
Next morning, his bowling improved as he established a good length, delivering a spell of seven overs in which he took four wickets for 23 runs, again causing confusion with his googly. He finished the innings with figures of four for 73. However, he	he	PRON	failed	VERB	 failed
On May 2, 2007, Homme, Van Leeuwen and new band member Dean Fertita appeared on London radio station Xfm, performing an acoustic set that included the tracks " 3's & 7's ", " Into the Hollow " and " Suture Up Your Future	Future	NOUN	"	PUNCT	 "
Raynolds divided his expedition, sending a smaller detachment under Maynadier to explore the Tongue River, a major tributary of the Yellowstone River. Two of Maynadier's party, James D. Hutton and Zephyr Recontre, the expedition's Sioux interpreter, took a side trip to locate	locate	VERB	and	CCONJ	 and
As a result, tropical cyclogenesis was impeded and convective activity remained minimal. As the low pressure system turned to a more northerly direction, it reentered warmer waters. The environment was favorable for further organization, and the system attained deeper convection and a better defined circulation	circulation	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
His previous works included a statue of Nathan Hale in New York City, Columbian Fountain at the World's Columbian Exposition in Chicago and Bacchante and Infant Faun at the Boston Public Library. MacMonnies ' other well known Civil War work is the sculptural groupings on the Soldiers	Soldiers	PROPN	'	PART	 '
That game, which took place a few days later, resulted in a 22 – 0 Cincinnati win, and may be considered the first bowl game. The game was played in extremely cold and icy conditions, still the worst in Sun Bowl history. Three inches	inches	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
By revealing such large numbers of very young galaxies, the HDF has become a landmark image in the study of the early universe, with the associated scientific paper having received over 900 citations by the end of 2014. Three years after the HDF observations were taken,	,	PUNCT	a	DET	 a
The local police force is powerless to stop the practice, so Duking, an influential man in Pyrite, asks Wes to enter the tournament and investigate. Wes enters the Colosseum challenge and defeats four trainers to win. Inside a nearby building, a Cipher Peon is	is	AUX	about	ADJ	 about
They were escorted by a number of destroyers, torpedo boats, and minesweepers. The bombardment went as planned, though the destroyer V107 struck a mine in Libau's harbor, which blew off her bow and destroyed the ship. German ground forces were successful in their	their	PRON	assault	NOUN	 assault
Mareković, who was expected to succeed Červenko as the Chief of the General Staff, was passed over in favour of General Pavao Miljavac when Červenko retired in 1996. The offensive was the only unsuccessful operation undertaken by the HV since Operation Winter ' 94 in November 1994	1994	NUM	,	PUNCT	,
The album was critically acclaimed as her " breakthrough album ". The recording peaked at number one on the U.S. Billboard Regional Mexican Albums chart for 19 nonconsecutive weeks; it was certified 6x Platinum by the RIAA for shipments of 600,000 copies. In Mexico, the album	album	NOUN	was	AUX	 was
Meanwhile, as NXT host, Striker was frequently bullied and even assaulted by troublemakers Curt Hawkins and Tyler Reks, eventually forcing him to hand over match booking responsibilities to William Regal on the February 29, 2012 NXT Redemption, although Striker would remain as NXT host.	.	PUNCT	On	ADP	 On
In 1858, geologist Ebenezer Emmons described two large fossil teeth found in Bladen County, North Carolina. Emmons assigned these teeth to Polyptychodon, which he then believed to be " a genus of crocodilian reptiles ". Later discoveries showed that Polyptychodon was actually a pliosaur,	,	PUNCT	a	DET	 a
" By the time it arrived, the reactors at Hanford produced plutonium in quantity, and Oppenheimer was confident that there would be enough for a second test. The use of Jumbo would interfere with the gathering of data on the explosion, the primary objective of the	the	DET	test	NOUN	 test
Newton's Second Law asserts the direct proportionality of acceleration to force and the inverse proportionality of acceleration to mass. Accelerations can be defined through kinematic measurements. However, while kinematics are well described through reference frame analysis in advanced physics, there are still deep questions that	that	PRON	remain	VERB	 remain
The inscriptions state the year in figures and the name of the winning nation in its national language; for example, " 1974 Deutschland " or " 1994 Brasil ". In 2010, however, the name of the winning nation was engraved as " 2010 Spain "	"	PUNCT	,	PUNCT	,
As early as April 1835, military commanders in Texas began requesting reinforcements, fearing the citizens would revolt. Mexico was ill prepared for a large civil war, but continued unrest in Texas posed a significant danger to the power of Santa Anna and of Mexico. If	If	SCONJ	the	DET	 the
The issue was one of the highest selling issues of Playboy ever. Surrounding the release of the issue, the Sable character turned heel by " going Hollywood " and having an inflated ego. Rarely defending her title, Sable continually berated her fan Tori, and she	she	PRON	feuded	VERB	 feuded
" A significant portion of reviews drew parallels between Carnivàle and David Lynch's 1990s mystery TV series Twin Peaks, a show in which Carnivàle actor Michael J. Anderson had previously appeared. Knauf did not deny a stylistic link and made comparisons to John Steinbeck's novel The	The	DET	Grapes	PROPN	 Grapes
The film also received positive reviews in the United States. Derek Elley of Variety praised Broadbent and Dalton as " especially good as Angel's hail fellow well met superior and oily No. 1 suspect ". As an homage to the genre, the film was well	well	ADV	received	VERB	 received
Calling him a " Spanish Portuguese ", suspecting and accusing him of his recently proved Jewish converso origin. De Trie wrote down that " his proper name is Michael Servetus, but he currently calls himself Villeneuve, practising medicine. He stayed for some time in Lyon	Lyon	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
Malmö Municipality announced on 25 April 2005 its intention to either help the club renovate Malmö Stadion, or build a new stadium in the same area. Four days later, five different scenarios were laid out by the City of Malmö: the first proposed the construction of	of	ADP	an	DET	 an
These cartoonists frequently took political positions contrary to those of the papers in which they were published. Macpherson drew a cartoon of John Diefenbaker as Marie Antoinette saying " Let them eat cake " in response to the Prime Minister's cancelling the Avro Arrow project, which historian	historian	NOUN	Pierre	PROPN	 Pierre
A final major peace conference held at Casco Bay in July 1727 formally closed hostilities, and included Dummer, New Hampshire's Acting Governor John Wentworth, Nova Scotia's military commander Paul Mascarene, and many representatives of the Wabanaki Confederacy. The treaty that Dummer negotiated became	became	VERB	a	DET	 a
Decla producer Rudolf Meinert introduced Hermann Warm to Wiene and provided Warm the Caligari script, asking him to come up with proposals for the design. Warm believed " films must be drawings brought to life ", and felt a naturalistic set was wrong for the subject of	of	ADP	the	DET	 the
He served as vice chairman of the Indonesian delegation at the UN in 1966, becoming the delegation's adviser in 1967. Also in 1967, Soedjatmoko became adviser to foreign minister Adam Malik, as well as a member of the International Institute for Strategic Studies, a	a	DET	London	PROPN	 London
1852), and North River Mills United Methodist Church (1860). As of October 2015, the church's congregation is part of the Potomac Conference in the West Virginia Western Maryland Synod of the Evangelical Lutheran Church in America. Ministered by David A. Twedt,	,	PUNCT	Hebron	PROPN	 Hebron
Research on animals comprises another body of literature describing delayed gratification characteristics that are not as easily tested in human samples, such as ecological factors affecting the skill. One well supported theory of self regulation, called the Cognitive affective personality system (CAPS), suggests that	that	SCONJ	delaying	VERB	 delaying
A joint NATO – Russia peacekeeping operation was supposed to police Kosovo. Russia wanted their peacekeeping force to operate independently of NATO, but NATO refused. British forces were supposed to occupy Pristina International Airport, but a contingent of Russian troops arrived before they did and took	took	VERB	control	NOUN	 control
Other destructive Eastern Pacific hurricanes include Pauline and Kenna, both causing severe damage after striking Mexico as major hurricanes. In March 2004, Cyclone Gafilo struck northeastern Madagascar as a powerful cyclone, killing 74, affecting more than 200,000, and becoming the worst cyclone to affect	affect	VERB	the	DET	 the
In response to this increasing competition, natural ice companies examined various options. Some invested in plant ice themselves. New tools were brought in to speed up the harvesting of ice, but these efficiency improvements were outstripped by technical advances in plant ice manufacture. The Natural	Natural	PROPN	Ice	PROPN	 Ice
Increasing numbers of Cubans fled to Florida, but were labelled " scum " and " lumpen " by Castro and his CDR supporters. In one incident, 10,000 Cubans stormed the Peruvian Embassy requesting asylum, and so the U.S. agreed that it would accept 3,500 refugees.	.	PUNCT	Castro	PROPN	 Castro
" Many of the plaintiff's experts also relied on the reported detection of measles virus RNA in Michelle's intestinal tissue. This claim was based on results from O'Leary's Unigenetics lab, and was examined by Stephen Bustin, a world renowned expert on polymerase chain reaction	reaction	NOUN	who	PRON	 who
A Basic Law was established so that if the victor for mayor was a Catholic, his deputy should be of the Greek Orthodox community. Throughout, Bethlehem's rule by the British and Jordan, the Syriac Quarter was allowed to participate in the election, as were	were	AUX	the	DET	 the
I don't think so. " The Star Ledger's Alan Sepinwall commented that Will & Grace " has already been infected with a sense of cattiness and despair, as the writers try to top each other's nasty one liners. A happy, healthy relationship could	could	AUX	be	AUX	 be
There is no consensus among scholars regarding the origin of sod construction on the Plains. Some maintain that the inspiration came from the earth lodges of the local native peoples, including the Omahas and the Pawnees. However, these earth lodges were circular in cross section,	,	PUNCT	and	CCONJ	 and
England retained the Wisden trophy at Old Trafford by taking an unbeatable 2 – 0 lead, They ultimately won the series 3 – 0. Chanderpaul, who was named the West Indian player of the series, scored 446 runs at an average of 148.66. Bravo also	also	ADV	impressed	VERB	 impressed
She had a beam of 36 feet (11.0 m), a depth of hold of 12 feet 8 inches (3.9 m), and a draft of 11 feet (3.4 m). The ship displaced 950 long tons (970 t) and had 738	738	NUM	tons	NOUN	 tons
Recognition tests typically show all of the studied words and a number of non studied words, the lures. Researchers measure how often participants correctly recognize studied items, and how often they incorrectly recognize lures. The difference between these two proportions is a statistic measuring one's	's	PART	ability	NOUN	 ability
The species was first described by Arun Kumar Thirovoth Kottuvetta and P. Manimohan in the journal Mycotaxon in 2009, in a survey of the genus Lepiota in Kerala State in southern India. The holotype collection was made in 2004 in Chelavur, located in the Kozhikode District;	;	PUNCT	it	PRON	 it
The English and Romanian Adoptees Study Team, led by Michael Rutter, followed some of the children into their teens, attempting to unravel the effects of poor attachment, adoption, new relationships, physical problems and medical issues associated with their early lives. Studies of these	these	DET	adoptees	NOUN	 adoptees
Hobbomuck is also credited with slaying a giant human eating beaver who lived in a great lake that existed in the Connecticut River Valley of Massachusetts. According to native beliefs as retold by European settlers, the corpse of the beaver remains visible as the Pocumtuck Ridge portion of	of	ADP	the	DET	 the
Loma Portal lies directly in the takeoff pattern for planes from Lindbergh Field, making it the home of the " Point Loma Pause " where all conversation ceases temporarily due to airplane noise. The east west streets in Roseville and Loma Portal are known as the " alphabetical	alphabetical	ADJ	author	NOUN	 author
The major novelist in the second half of the twentieth century was Emyr Humphreys (1919)., who during his long writing career published over twenty novels, which surveys the political and cultural history of twentieth century Wales. Another novelist of the post Second World War	War	PROPN	era	NOUN	 era
The gardens lay abandoned until their 20th century re creation. As there were no surviving records of the layout of the original knot garden it was replanted according to a pattern published in the 17th century. The name Moreton probably derives from the Old English mor meaning "	"	PUNCT	marshland	NOUN	 marshland
Although they broke up in 1914, Brooks painted Rubinstein more often than any other subject; for Brooks, Rubinstein's " fragile and androgynous beauty " represented an aesthetic ideal. The earliest of these paintings are a series of allegorical nudes. In The Crossing (also	also	ADV	exhibited	VERB	 exhibited
The President of Croatia is elected to a five year term by a direct vote of all citizens in a two round system, requiring runoff elections if no candidate wins more than 50 percent of votes in the first round. Members of Parliament are elected to a four	four	NUM	year	NOUN	 year
Later in 1797, he traveled to Prague and remained with his family until May 1798, when he received a posting to a new division in Linz. His daughter, Maria Anna, was born after he left, on 17 September 1798. Despite the longed for	for	ADP	peace	NOUN	 peace
Heseltine's last notice for the Daily Mail was dated 17 June; later that month he resigned, frustrated by the paper's frequent cutting of his more critical opinions. Unemployed, he spent his days in the British Museum, studying and editing Elizabethan music. Heseltine	Heseltine	PROPN	spent	VERB	 spent
Mounted on a tank, the 3 RAR second in command, Major Ian Ferguson, captured over 1,600 North Korean soldiers with just an interpreter. Australian involvement had been limited, however, and they regarded their first exposure to the fighting in Korea as a relatively minor	minor	ADJ	incident	NOUN	 incident
The nocturnal aye aye has only been seen once at the park, although one old nest and traces of its feeding have been found at various elevations. Other mammals include at least 15 species of tenrec, seven species of native rodent, the fossa (Cryptoprocta ferox	ferox	NOUN	)	PUNCT	)
Her crew numbered 774 officers and men. The metacentric height of the ship was low, a little above 2 feet (0.6 m). The ship measured 101.1 meters (331 ft 8 in) overall, with a beam of 17.4 meters (57 ft 1	1	NUM	in	ADP	 in
Individual review scores ranged from a 50% approval by Edge magazine to a 94% approval by Gaming Trend. Reviewers praised the in game voice acting. G4TV's Matt Kell noted that Peter Cullen's voice work as Optimus was " commanding and familiar ", adding	adding	VERB	that	SCONJ	 that
During the meal, Jesus predicts that one of his apostles will betray him. Despite each Apostle's assertion that he would not betray him, Jesus reiterates that the betrayer would be one of those present. Matthew 26: 23 – 25 and John 13: 26	26	NUM	–	PUNCT	 –
It originally aired on the Fox network on November 14, 1997. The episode was written by Glen Morgan and James Wong, and directed by Thomas J. Wright. " The Hand of St. Sebastian " featured a guest appearance from C. C. H. Pounder. Millennium Group	Group	PROPN	offender	NOUN	 offender
The division was also assigned a round out brigade from the Army National Guard, the 27th Infantry Brigade. The division was specially designed as a light infantry division able to rapidly deploy. Equipment design was oriented toward reduced size and weight for reasons of both strategic and	and	CCONJ	tactical	ADJ	 tactical
Producer Drew McCoy wrote that the non human artificial intelligence (AI) players were not bots meant to replace humans, but " a different class of character in the game ". Each team supports up to 12 AI players alongside the human players ' autonomous mode Titans	Titans	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
Some kings converted to Christianity, although not all by 1000. Scandinavians also expanded and colonised throughout Europe. Besides the settlements in Ireland, England, and Normandy, further settlement took place in what became Russia and in Iceland. Swedish traders and raiders ranged down the	the	DET	rivers	NOUN	 rivers
The Srikula (family of Sri) tradition (sampradaya) focuses worship on Devi in the form of the goddess Lalita Tripura Sundari, who is regarded as the Great Goddess (Mahadevi). Rooted in first millennium Uttarakhand, Himachal Pradesh and Kashmir Valley, Srikula became	became	VERB	a	DET	 a
Since the late nineteenth century, there has been all manner of speculation about rongorongo. Most remained obscure, but a few attracted considerable attention. In 1892 the Australian pediatrician Alan Carroll published a fanciful translation, based on the idea that the texts were written by an	an	DET	extinct	ADJ	 extinct
Attalus was a young child when his father died, sometime before 241 BC, after which he was adopted by Eumenes I, the incumbent dynast. Attalus ' mother, Antiochis, was related to the Seleucid royal family (being a granddaughter of Seleucus I Nicator)	)	PUNCT	with	ADP	 with
Every year, the Washington State Department of Transportation (WSDOT) conducts a series of surveys on its highways in the state to measure traffic volume. This is expressed in terms of average annual daily traffic (AADT), which is a measure of traffic volume for	for	ADP	any	DET	 any
The underground storerooms played important roles in the Fort. For one, they protected ammunition from being ignited by enemy fire. Secondly, the use of hoists facilitated easy movement and retrieval of ammunition. Thirdly, the tunnel provided protection for the gunners not involved in the	the	DET	actual	ADJ	 actual
Watts Morgan was married twice, first to Elizabeth Williams then to Blanche Amy Morgan. Blanche was herself a strong campaigner for miners ' rights, and was among a group of agents ' wives who promoted the provision of pithead baths, bathing areas for the miners at	at	ADP	the	DET	 the
In the DVD commentary for the episode, Kruse stated that she and staff animator Alex Ruiz had to re draw a majority of the episode, as the faulty scenes were drawn by six trainees. In order to receive an animator credit on The Simpsons, an animator	animator	NOUN	has	VERB	 has
In order to prevent French attacks against American merchantmen in the Caribbean, the United States Navy maintained four squadrons of vessels in the region. One such squadron was commanded by Commodore Thomas Truxton, and tasked with patrolling the Lesser Antilles. Taking command on 19 January 1800	1800	NUM	after	ADP	 after
The Harris County Juvenile Probation Department runs the Burnett Bayland Reception Center and the Burnett Bayland Home, residential post adjudication facilities for youth. The Reception Center opened in 1998 with revenue from the Texas Juvenile Probation Commission state grants and county funds. The Burnett Bayland Home is	is	AUX	a	DET	 a
Sales in the US were poor, with only 5,000 copies sold in the first year of publication. Philip Day of The Sunday Times noted " How wincingly well Mr Fleming writes ", while the reviewer for The Times, thought that " [t] his is	is	AUX	an	DET	 an
Scholars Bhaskar and Allen described the film as a tableau vivant of " Islamicate culture ", evidenced in its ornate sets, musical sequences such as the qawwali scene, and chaste Urdu dialogues. Throughout the film there is a distinct depiction of Muslims as the ruling class	class	NOUN	who	PRON	 who
In January 1953 Hagerstrom was transferred to Osan Air Base to help with the transition from propeller P 38s to jet F 86s, and by mid February the wing's 125 pilots were trained in the F 86. On February 25 he was chasing two MiGs when he	he	PRON	noticed	VERB	 noticed
In the early Iron Age, from the seventh century BCE, cellular houses begin to be replaced on the northern isles by simple Atlantic roundhouses, substantial circular buildings with a drystone construction. Important examples are at Quanterness, Bu, Pierowall, and Tofts Ness on Orkney	Orkney	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
Groves was promoted to captain on 20 October 1934. He attended the Command and General Staff School at Fort Leavenworth, Kansas, in 1935 and 1936, after which he was posted to Kansas City, Missouri, as assistant to the commander of the Missouri River Division	Division	PROPN	.	PUNCT	.
The maximum speed attained by the 152 before its crash was only 840 kilometers per hour (520 mph). The Lavochkin OKB decided to improve the performance of the 152 in late 1946 by replacing the RD 10 engine with a more powerful Lyulka TR 1 turbojet of	of	ADP	12.3	NUM	 12.3
The verses of André 3000 were supplanted by those from Cole; all other elements of the remix are identical to the original. His rap is much shorter than that of André 3000. In his verse, Cole thanks God and Ice Cube for Friday, references Sade	Sade	PROPN	and	CCONJ	 and
Manufactured by Bolliger & Mabillard, the ride features a total of seven inversions including two vertical loops, a dive loop, a spiraling camelback (zero g roll), a cobra roll and a flat spin Kraken opened on June 1, 2000. It is also	also	ADV	the	DET	 the
The song's music video, which was produced and directed by the Erwin Brothers, depicts a family slowly deteriorating due to the compromising decisions they have made. It won the award for Short Form Music Video of the Year at the 40th GMA Dove Awards. "	"	PUNCT	Slow	PROPN	 Slow
Darrow admitted that he had copied the game from a friend's set, and he and Barton reached a revised royalty agreement, granting Parker Brothers worldwide rights and releasing Darrow from legal costs that would be incurred in defending the origin of the game. In December 1935	1935	NUM	,	PUNCT	,
Historian Donald concludes that, " His repeated efforts to avoid collision in the months between inauguration and the firing on Ft. Sumter showed he adhered to his vow not to be the first to shed fraternal blood. But he also vowed not to surrender the forts.	.	PUNCT	The	DET	 The
McDowell struck first, crossing Bull Run and threatening Beauregard's left flank. For a while, Beauregard persisted in moving his troops for an attack on his right flank (McDowell's left, toward Centreville), but Johnston urged him to travel with him to the	the	DET	threatened	VERB	 threatened
Works of art in Malvern include fountains, statues, and Malvern water spouts by the sculptor Rose Garrard. Among her sculptures are the statue of Sir Edward Elgar and the Enigma Fountain (Unveiled by Prince Andrew, Duke of York on Belle Vue Terrace, Malvern on	on	ADP	26	NUM	 26
He also captained the side for the first time in this series, deputising for the injured Nasser Hussain. Trescothick really came into his own on the winter tour of India in 2001. The three Test series saw him averaging 48.00, with a highest score of 99	99	NUM	.	PUNCT	.
The reputation of the locomotive amongst its crews as being a poor steamer was eventually to disappear – but only after it was rescued from the scrapyard during 1974. The livery of the " Duke " was a continuation of the British Railways standard class practice. The class	class	NOUN	was	AUX	 was
Arthur Munby observed that in the " barbarous locality " of Wigan, the sight of a female colliery worker wearing trousers was " not half as odd as a woman wearing a crinoline, " exposing his own upper class attitudes. In Australia, poorer rural women were	were	AUX	photographed	VERB	 photographed
By the end of the hostilities the Company had spent £2 million on the war effort, most of which was covered by the Rhodesian taxpayers; the Company covered some of the expenditure itself, and also received a small amount of financial aid from the UK government	government	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
Schubart wrote " Die Forelle " in 1782, while imprisoned in the fortress of Hohenasperg; he was a prisoner there from 1777 to 1787 for insulting the mistress of Charles Eugene, Duke of Württemberg. The poem was published in the Schwäbischer Musenalmanach of 1783, consisting	consisting	VERB	of	ADP	 of
Eko appears to briefly awaken and tells Locke that he must rescue Jack, Kate and Sawyer. Upon arriving at camp, Hurley informs the camp that Jack and the others have been captured. As an explanation, Locke announces to the survivors that he plans to rescue	rescue	VERB	Jack	PROPN	 Jack
" She joined the cast of the Grey's Anatomy spin off Private Practice, which began airing in September 2007; and potrayedCharlotte King, chief of staff at the show's local hospital and a doctor specializing in urologic surgery, and later sexology. In 1996,	,	PUNCT	Strickland	PROPN	 Strickland
Roadways is the major mode of transport to Nagapattinam, while the city also has rail and sea transport. The town, along with the district, was severely damaged by the Indian Ocean Tsunami of 2004. Nagapattinam is derived from Nagar referring to people from Sri Lanka	Lanka	PROPN	who	PRON	 who
Fort Wayne is also credited as the birthplace of the NBA, as Pistons ' coach Carl Bennett brokered the merger of the BAA and the NBL in 1948 from his Alexander Street home. On March 10, 1961, Wilt Chamberlain became the first player in the NBA	NBA	PROPN	to	PART	 to
The game's music is dynamic and is designed to reflect players ' gameplay style. As a result, when players use a radical approach to complete missions, more exciting background music will be played. In contrast, when players are playing stealthily, the background music	music	NOUN	will	AUX	 will
Ronán Conroy of the Royal College of Surgeons in Ireland wrote in 2006 that cosmetic genital procedures were " driving the advance of female genital mutilation " by encouraging women to see natural variations as defects. Anthropologist Fadwa El Guindi compares FGM to breast enhancement, in which the	the	DET	maternal	ADJ	 maternal
However, during the 1890s, manufacturing growth slowed dramatically. The Panic of 1893 and subsequent depression and the overproduction of grain made St. Louis mills considerably less productive and valuable. Flour milling was halved and most other industries suffered similar declines. The introduction of the railroad	railroad	NOUN	in	ADP	 in
The plane went off the runway, rolled down an embankment, struck a ditch, and continued into the intersection of Des Moines Highway and South 188th Street where it struck an automobile, caught fire and spilled fuel all over the area. Of the 28 occupants,	,	PUNCT	there	PRON	 there
Bodrog and her companions then destroyed two Romanian patrol boats and an improvised minelayer on their way back to Belene. This was followed by forays of the Division both east and west of Belene, during which both Turnu Măgurele and Zimnicea were shelled. On 2 October 1916	1916	NUM	,	PUNCT	,
The depression trekked generally northward and dissipated about 505 mi (815 km) south southeast of Cape Race, Newfoundland, on October 3. Yet another tropical depression formed about 120 mi (190 km) west of Bolama, Guinea Bissau, on October 5. The	The	DET	depression	NOUN	 depression
By the early 1970s, the police have cracked down on Barrett's business, and their own corruption, but not before Barrett has set Geordie up, sending him to prison in retaliation for an affair Geordie had with Barrett's lover. Nicky's anarchist cell is	is	AUX	raided	VERB	 raided
Tunny soon exposes the do nothing go nowhere quicksand of their lives (" City of the Damned "). They get riled up, and Johnny challenges his friends to engage (" I Don't Care "). Will's girlfriend, Heather, soon makes	makes	VERB	an	DET	 an
He left two items on the Moon, both of which he photographed. The most famous is a plastic encased photo portrait of his family (NASA Photo AS16 117 18841). The reverse of the photo is signed by Duke's family and bears this message:	:	PUNCT	"	PUNCT	 "
" According to this view, if one was under the law of grace, then moral law did not apply, allowing one to engage in immoral acts. Familism was named for a 16th century sect called the Family of Love, and it involved one's perfect	perfect	ADJ	union	NOUN	 union
" Joseph Needham suggests that the proto shells described in the Huolongjing may be among the first of their kind. The weapon was later taken up by both the Mongol conquerors and the Koreans. Chinese soldiers fighting under the Mongols appear to have used hand cannon in Manchurian	Manchurian	ADJ	battles	NOUN	 battles
In 2004, Australia won a Test series in India for the first time since 1969. It was speculated that Ganguly was in disagreement with the head of cricket in Nagpur over the type of pitch to be used for the Third Test. The groundsmen went against Ganguly	Ganguly	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
He played for Portsmouth in one pre season friendly, but Portsmouth decided instead to sign another former Manchester City playmaker, Eyal Berkovic. Over the next few months, he was linked with moves to Scottish clubs Dundee and Celtic, and later Leeds United, but none	none	NOUN	resulted	VERB	 resulted
It's true: You can be famous – even if there's no money left in the world. " Auditioning actors with no theatrical experience were required to prove they could sing and dance as well as act. Mays auditioned with the song " Touch a,	,	PUNCT	Touch	PROPN	 Touch
Khánh saw the tense situation as an opportunity to increase his power. On August 7, he declared a state of emergency, giving the police the ability to search properties under any circumstances, ban protests and arbitrarily jail " elements considered as dangerous to national security "	"	PUNCT	.	PUNCT	.
Ann Powers of Los Angeles Times discussed about the malfunction, saying: " As a pop queen, Beyoncé is almost too perfect... [a] ' wardrobe malfunction ' in Toronto garnered far more attention than was warranted partly because these mistakes contradicted her fiercely athletic style	style	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
Instead of traveling from Hebei to Hubei to inspect land, Zhou travels from Shaanxi to Kaifeng City in Henan to visit an old friend who had been promoted to General. While en route to the capital city, Zhou takes note of a great famine plaguing the peasantry	peasantry	NOUN	and	CCONJ	 and
Carefully choosing the two covering subspaces so that, together with their intersection, they have simpler (co) homology than that of the whole space may allow a complete deduction of the (co) homology of the space. In that respect, the Mayer – Vietoris	Vietoris	PROPN	sequence	NOUN	 sequence
A black and white movies look, but with an intensity that was sort of aggressive. I think for me, personally, theatrically, that was the most successful tour I ’ ve ever done. " The Station to Station tour was the source of one of	of	ADP	the	DET	 the
Mecklenburg was initially based in Kiel and used as a floating prison. In early 1918, she became a barracks ship for the crews of U boats being repaired in Kiel. The ship was briefly retained after the German defeat at the end of World War I,	,	PUNCT	but	CCONJ	 but
Shaw describes the text as " a meditation of our Lord as Messiah in Christian thought and belief ", and despite his reservations on Jennens's character, concedes that the finished wordbook " amounts to little short of a work of genius ". There is no evidence	evidence	NOUN	that	SCONJ	 that
" She was a member of the Women's City Club in Detroit, but in 1967, said she would resign unless the club dropped a policy barring black guests from eating in its dining room. During her husband's 1968 presidential campaign, Lenore continued to exert	exert	VERB	a	DET	 a
In October 2013, Hazard, as a substitute, scored the game clinching goal in a 3 – 1 Premier League clash against Norwich City at Carrow Road, before scoring twice and assisting Samuel Eto ' o's first Chelsea goal in a comprehensive defeat of Cardiff City	City	PROPN	in	ADP	 in
This separation of the floating harbour and the tidal River Avon allows boats in the harbour to remain floating at low tide, reduces currents and silting and prevents flooding. Between Bristol Temple Meads railway station and Hotwells, the harbour and the River Avon run parallel at a	a	DET	distance	NOUN	 distance
The main improvement was the replacement of the triple torpedo tube mounts in the older ships with quadruple mounts. They cost 60,000,000 yen each and had a crew of 54 officers and 822 enlisted men. The ships had a length of 200.6 meters (658 ft 2 in	in	ADV	)	PUNCT	)
Adair was the clear leader of the Relief faction, and his popularity had been enhanced thanks to his lengthy and public dispute with Jackson. In the 1820 gubernatorial election, he was elected as Kentucky's chief executive over three fellow Democratic Republicans. Adair garnered 20,493 votes	votes	NOUN	;	PUNCT	;
Donald Faison lends his voice to the character Baby Snaps in " Princess Cookie ". Tom Gammill, Melissa Villasenor, Kenny, and Ferrer voice the four headed deity Grob Gob Glob Grod in " Sons of Mars ". Matthew Broderick voices the Dream Warrior in "	"	PUNCT	Who	PRON	 Who
A diameter reduction to 4 inches (100 mm) increased the pressure to about 80 PSI, and the water was fed into nozzles via flexible rubber hoses. The high pressure streams of water carried away a soil water mix into iron troughs which routed the material about	about	ADP	800	NUM	 800
The September 1809 issue of the Irish Monthly Magazine, edited by the revolution minded Walter " Watty " Cox, reported that " our independence has been wrested from us, not by the arms of France but by the gold of England. The statue of Nelson records	records	VERB	the	DET	 the
The nature of this genus ' integument, be it scales or something else, is currently unknown, although potential evidence exists: Charles Gilmore described patches of carbonized material near the shoulders as possible epidermis, with a " punctured " texture, but no regular pattern,	,	PUNCT	and	CCONJ	 and
" When asked why Michael's alias was not an allusion to a literary or historical figure, as with other Lost characters, Damon Lindelof explained that " if the Others … had chosen … Darwin or … Dickens, then … Widmore would have gotten suspicious: he	he	PRON	'd	AUX	'd
It was occasionally used by small aircraft. Interest from military leaders for an airport at Banak returned in 1955. The Air Force was mainly concerned that they could not reach the easternmost parts of Norway from Bodø Main Air Station. This allowed for several Soviet infringements of	of	ADP	Norwegian	ADJ	 Norwegian
Marochetti described his work as being inspired by Richard I rather than accurately depicting a 12th century knight. It stands on a granite pedestal also designed by Marochetti and made by Freeman & Co. of Penryn, Cornwall. Bas relief panels showing Crusaders fighting the Saracens at the	the	DET	Battle	PROPN	 Battle
Earwigs are characterized by the cerci, or the pair of forceps like pincers on their abdomen; male earwigs generally have more curved pincers than females. These pincers are used to capture prey, defend themselves and fold their wings under the short tegmina. The antennae are	are	AUX	thread	NOUN	 thread
Martin drew widespread media attention when she closed her show on March 3, 2014, with a minute long statement condemning the Russian military intervention in Ukraine. She appeared to be reading from a teleprompter, leading observers to conclude that her remarks were made with the consent	consent	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
In heavy rain, the scores were level until ten minutes from time, when goalkeeper George Hollis was barged into the goal before he could get to a shot from distance. The ball followed him over the line, and despite the obstruction on the goalkeeper, the	the	DET	referee	NOUN	 referee
" The book was later adapted for a TV movie Bad As I Wanna Be: The Dennis Rodman Story. Although he had three years and $11.8 million remaining on his contract, Rodman demanded a trade. On October 1, 1993, the Pistons dealt him	him	PRON	to	ADP	 to
The South West Coast Path, National Trail, begins at South Haven Point at the entrance to Poole Harbour. Dorset's climate of warm summers and mild winters is partly due to its position on Britain's south coast. The third most southerly county in the UK	UK	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
Watt's innovations made coal a more cost effective power source, leading to the increased use of the steam engine in a wide range of industries. This in turn increased total coal consumption, even as the amount of coal required for any particular application fell. Jevons	Jevons	NOUN	argued	VERB	 argued
The screenplay was written by Simon Moore but includes contributions from Joss Whedon. The story focuses on " The Lady " (Stone), a gunfighter who rides into the frontier town of Redemption, controlled by John Herod (Hackman). The Lady joins a deadly	deadly	ADJ	dueling	VERB	 dueling
' During the battle however, Midshipman William Baddock commented that ' The old Neptune, which never was a good sailer, took it into her head that morning to sail better than I ever remember to have seen her do before. ' Neptune went into the battle	battle	NOUN	18	NUM	 18
Used mainly as a pinch hitter, Bowker had no hits in 13 at bats with Philadelphia. Following the season, he was released so he could sign with the Yomiuri Giants in Japan. Bowker was born to Brite and Chris Bowker on July 8, 1983,	,	PUNCT	in	ADP	 in
In May 1944 she was transferred to the 11th Escort Group to support the Allied landings in Normandy. On D Day itself – 6 June 1944 – she was deployed with the Canadian destroyers Chaudière, Gatineau, Kootenay and Ottawa stationed in the entrance to the English Channel	Channel	PROPN	to	PART	 to
It is sited at the western edge of the city's central plain at the mouth of the steep Caversham Valley, which rises to the saddle of Lookout Point. Major road and rail routes south lie nearby; the South Island Main Trunk railway runs through the suburb	suburb	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
With the proposal of the U.S. Highway System in 1925, US 13 was planned as one of three routes to pass through Delaware, running from the Maryland border in Delmar via Dover and Wilmington to the Pennsylvania border in Claymont. US 13 was designated on November 11	11	NUM	,	PUNCT	,
Soon after, she was signed by Jay Z to Def Jam. The X Factor winner Melanie Amaro performed the song during the first season of the show, as a song chosen for her by the public. In 2013, Dami I m recorded a version for	for	ADP	her	PRON	 her
East: Horatio Austin (HMS Resolute), Erasmus Ommanney (HMS Assistance), plus 2 steam tenders, Pioneer and Intrepid (cpt John Bertie Cator 1850). Ommanney finds Franklin's Beechey Island camp. Austin's four and the below ships gather around Beechey	Beechey	PROPN	Island	PROPN	 Island
The series also took second place (after My Little Pony: Friendship is Magic) in a TV.com readers ' poll for the " Best Animated Series " of 2012. The first season also received three Daytime Emmy Award nominations, winning in the category of " Outstanding	Outstanding	PROPN	Casting	NOUN	 Casting
Kasim beg, who had been awarded the high court title protostrator, felt that the rise of George Terter was at his expense, deserted Ivan Asen III and joined the cause of Ivaylo. In the meantime fighting between the rebels and the Byzantines continued. Although the	the	DET	Bulgarian	ADJ	 Bulgarian
Parker's main battery consisted of four 4 in (100 mm) / 50 caliber Mark 9 guns, with each gun weighing in excess of 6,100 lb (2,800 kg). The guns fired 33 lb (15 kg) armor piercing projectiles at 2,900 ft /	/	SYM	s	PROPN	 s
The full version was first performed at the final show of American Idol season 10 on May 25, 2011, where she was joined by Clemons in person. Gaga appeared perched atop a mountain top on the " Idol " stage, dressed in a long cape and	and	CCONJ	a	DET	 a
In the Hampton Roads area, many streets were inundated and blocked. Hundreds of dwellings were flooded, forcing several areas to evacuate. Two deaths and about $3 million in damage occurred in Virginia. Overall, the storm caused 219 fatalities and about $187.5 million	million	NUM	in	ADP	 in
He ordered his chief officer, Robert Gourlay, to lower one of Arctic's six lifeboats with a crew of six, and to ascertain what help could be offered; meanwhile, Arctic slowly circled the stricken vessel. Gourlay's boat was quickly away, and another	another	PRON	was	AUX	 was
Although protected since 1972, Indian wolves are classed as endangered, with many populations lingering in low numbers or living in areas increasingly used by humans. Although present in Nepal and Bhutan, there is no information of wolves occurring there. Wolf populations throughout Northern and Central	Central	PROPN	Asia	PROPN	 Asia
The name refers to how Apollo fights for justice. During the localization, there was some debate about the use of the word " panties " to describe Trucy's magical bloomers, a prop she uses in her magic shows; some on the localization team felt that	that	SCONJ	it	PRON	 it
The Brooklyn Nets NBA pro basketball team were founded as the New Jersey Americans in Teaneck for the 1967 – 68 season, as charter members of the American Basketball Association. The team played their home games at the Teaneck Armory for that one season, and was scheduled	scheduled	VERB	to	PART	 to
Franco starred opposite Sean Penn, Josh Brolin, and Emile Hirsch in Gus Van Sant's Milk (2008). In the film he plays Scott Smith, the boyfriend of Harvey Milk (Penn). Kenneth Turan of the Los Angeles Times, in review of	of	ADP	the	DET	 the
Newspapers attributed heavy rainfall in the Mid Atlantic states — which resulted in five deaths — to the hurricane. Further north, the hurricane killed 12 people in New England, and produced a total of $2 million (1950 USD, $19.7 million 2016 USD)	)	PUNCT	of	ADP	 of
Due to strong wind shear and cold sea surface temperatures, showers and thunderstorms rapidly diminished, and by late on October 3, Nadine became devoid of any deep convection. At 0000 UTC on October 4, Nadine transitioned into an extratropical low pressure area, while located	located	VERB	about	ADV	 about
From 19 to 21 September, the band curated and performed at the 2008 All Tomorrow's Parties festival in New York, United States and later performed throughout North America, including dates in Chicago, Toronto, Denver, San Francisco, Los Angeles and Austin. The	The	DET	band	NOUN	 band
Above all, the chivalric ideal viewed character as more worthy of admiration than wealth or intellect, and this appealed to the old landed classes at home as well as to many who worked for the Indian Civil Service. In the 1880s, Alfred Comyn Lyall, an	an	DET	administrator	NOUN	 administrator
Fork marked lemurs ' dorsal (back) fur is either light brown or light grayish brown, while their ventral (underside) fur can be yellow, cream, white, or pale brown. A black stripe extends from the tail, along the dorsal midline to	to	ADP	the	DET	 the
Big name acts such as NOFX and Green Day played on the main floor, while smaller acts were relegated to the basement, an area referred to as " the Dungeon ". The original location closed its doors and relocated before the band would be promoted to the	the	DET	main	ADJ	 main
It was seen by almost 1.4 million viewers after its original broadcast and received generally mixed reactions from critics, though the producers regard the episode as one of their favourites in the series. The Torchwood Three team, sans Ianto Jones (who remains behind), go	go	VERB	out	ADP	 out
In the early 20th century, a British artillery officer proposed that another work tentatively attributed to Bacon, Epistola de Secretis Operibus Artis et Naturae, et de Nullitate Magiae contained an encrypted formula for gunpowder. These claims have been disputed by historians of science. In any	any	DET	case	NOUN	 case
The National Park Service designated landspace designers Joe W. Westbrook and Fred R. Carpentar, as well as others, to design the park's road system. On September 26, 1939, approximately 2.0 miles (3.2 km) of the roads inside the park were designated as	as	ADP	PR	NOUN	 PR
The developers included aspects and daily concerns, hoping that they could be things that players would have to deal with their personal lives and therefore would let them relate with Neku. The Japanese title, translated as It's a Wonderful World, was not used internationally due	due	ADP	to	ADP	 to
The firm was reorganized as Morris & Co. in 1875, and Burne Jones continued to contribute designs for stained glass, and later tapestries until the end of his career. Stained glass windows in the Christ Church cathedral and other buildings in Oxford are by William Morris &	&	CCONJ	Co.	PROPN	 Co.
The Montreal Gazette has called his original material " at turns dark and funny, with world class hooks ". The members play while wearing well dressed ' Mod ' outfits such as tailored black suits, white shirts, and narrow black neckties. Aside from playing,	,	PUNCT	Thornton	PROPN	 Thornton
" The Pony Remark " featured the second appearance of Helen and Morty Seinfeld, who had previously appeared in the season 1 episode " The Stake Out ". In " The Stake Out ", Morty was portrayed by Phil Bruns; however, David and Seinfeld decided	decided	VERB	they	PRON	 they
One was given to Daniel Monfreid and now belongs to the Musée départemental Maurice Denis " The Priory " in Saint Germain en Laye. Another version in plaster, with the surface finish of wood, was kept by Gustave Fayet, and subsequently formed part of the collection	collection	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
These are used in the manufacture of PVC, plastics, paper pulp and many other inorganic and organic compounds. Salt is also used as a flux in the production of aluminium. For this purpose, a layer of melted salt floats on top of the molten metal	metal	NOUN	and	CCONJ	 and
Laing devised Aerostats, which are smaller versions of the Aerial Hunter Killers from the previous films. The Aerostats send a signal to the 60 foot tall (18 m) humanoid Harvesters. They are very big and slow, so they use Mototerminators to capture humans,	,	PUNCT	and	CCONJ	 and
The property designers went on a field trip to Sun Studio to receive inspiration for the props in the recording studio, such as the " in session " red light, the mixing board, the musical instruments, and the volume unit meters that indicates how loud the	the	DET	artist	NOUN	 artist
The deck armor was in two layers with a total thickness of 1 inch that were separated by a layer of cloth or felt to better deflect the glancing hits expected. The upper layer was 0.625 inches (16 mm) thick and the lower was 0.375 inches (	(	PUNCT	10	NUM	10
Being a court archivist allowed Sima to utilize eighty textual sources in addition to memorials, edicts, and stone inscriptions. These sources enhanced the enormous scope of his work, which mentions roughly four thousand people by name. He also traveled extensively to interview witnesses for more	more	ADJ	recent	ADJ	 recent
For instance, the laureate's name is engraved on the rim of the Economics medal. The image on the reverse of a medal varies according to the institution awarding the prize. The reverse sides of the medals for chemistry and physics share the same design. All	All	DET	medals	NOUN	 medals
Local Pattuva village deity temples also have festivals that coincide with the annual festival. Villagers belonging to Maradankulama and Uddappu sponsor a day each of the 28 day festival. Devotees visit the temple to attend the daily pujas and make their offerings. Booths are erected outside for	for	ADP	the	DET	 the
The issue of the Pawtuxet settlers remaining under the jurisdiction of Massachusetts was a constant irritant to Roger Williams, Gorton, and the other Providence and Warwick settlers. At a meeting of the General Court of Rhode Island held at Warwick on 22 May 1649 it was ordered	ordered	VERB	that	SCONJ	 that
Prior to filming, Schleissler and Berg shot test footage with the digital cameras and brought it to digital colorist Stefan Sonnenfeld at post production facility Company 3 for color grading. The Santa Fe National Forest's rocky terrain and steep inclines proved difficult for conventional camera equipment —	—	PUNCT	such	ADJ	 such
His father, who had absconded before he was born, had the name " Capodilupo " (" Head of the Wolf "), but his mother named him " Baciacalupo " (" Kiss of the Wolf "), which later became " Baciagalupo " due	due	ADP	to	ADP	 to
O'Malley felt the price wars would be the downfall of baseball because the fans only have so much money. The scenario led to an eighteen day lockout during spring training in 1976 over the prospect of dozens of players playing becoming free agents and the inability to redesign the	the	DET	reserve	NOUN	 reserve
Although the chronicle's account of the half brothers ' struggle appears to be somewhat neutral, its treatment of their descendants is clearly slanted in favour of Óláfr's sons. In fact, it was only during the reign of Óláfr's son Magnús, that the former	former	ADJ	's	PART	's
But this time it just felt like a cheap way to liven up a clearly very boring, uninspired, weak episode of television. " Screen Crave wrote, " Those viewers of The Office that have scolded the show throughout the season for its varying degrees of sucking	sucking	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
A secondary rainfall maxima of 19.4 in (490 mm) was observed in Shreveport, of which 12.4 in (310 mm) of rain fell in 24 hours; this was the highest daily total on record for the site, and remains the highest as of 2008	2008	NUM	.	PUNCT	.
Allmusic especially praised the album's endearing tone and often adventurous variety of styles, commenting that " Listening to Something / Anything? is a mind altering trip in itself, no matter how many instantly memorable, shamelessly accessible pop songs are scattered throughout the album. "	"	PUNCT	Robert	PROPN	 Robert
Woods continued to win tournaments with Haney, but his driving accuracy dropped significantly. Haney resigned in May 2010 and was replaced by Sean Foley. Mike " Fluff " Cowan served as Woods ' caddy from the start of his professional career until Tiger fired him in March	March	PROPN	1999	NUM	 1999
This second Mari engaged in a long war with its rival Ebla, and is known for its strong affinity with the Sumerian culture. It was destroyed in the 23rd century BC by the Akkadians who allowed the city to be rebuilt and appointed a military governor bearing the	the	DET	title	NOUN	 title
Meanwhile, the motorised battalions are also re roling as light infantry with a transport squadron being established in each Combat Service Support Battalion equipped with Bushmaster PMVs to provide protected mobility. 2 RAR has been selected to specialise in amphibious warfare. The Royal Australian Regiment has been	been	AUX	awarded	VERB	 awarded
Due to the shifting front line, the 2nd Battalion's first major engagement of 1917 did not come until 9 April when, on the periphery of the Arras offensive, they took part in an attack on Hermies, one of the outpost villages of the Hindenburg Line	Line	PROPN	.	PUNCT	.
He is best known for his friendship with Edgar Allan Poe and his controversial defense of the poet after his death. Born into a wealthy Georgia family, Chivers became interested in poetry at a young age. After he and his first wife separated, he received a	a	DET	medical	ADJ	 medical
Justices Alito and Scalia both had educated (and education minded) parents: Scalia's father was a highly educated college professor and Alito's father was a high school teacher before becoming " a long time employee of the New Jersey state legislature ". Only Justices Thomas	Thomas	PROPN	and	CCONJ	 and
The executive director of Palace Cinemas, Benjamin Zeccola, said customer feedback on the film was spectacular. " It's our No.1 for all the period, all throughout the country.... I think this is more successful than Slumdog Millionaire and a more uplifting film. It	It	PRON	's	AUX	's
Its futuristic storyline was meant to " inform the present of the show with some thematic elements, " establishing to viewers that " our world is going to break down. " Different title sequences were inputted to help disambiguate the two universes, as well as establish other	other	ADJ	versions	NOUN	 versions
Applications to audition more than tripled by 2001 and fund raising rebounded. Brokamp resigned and was replaced by Clarence Crum in 2004, who was followed by John Carlisle in 2006. Carlisle went on extended leave in October 2007, pending an investigation into the alleged rape of	of	ADP	a	DET	 a
Produced by Nathan Chapman and Swift, it is the seventh track from Swift's second studio album, Fearless (2008). The song was written about the end of a friendship. Musically, the song is driven by acoustic guitar. The song received favorable responses	responses	NOUN	from	ADP	 from
The ZAR operated in the UHF on various frequencies between 495 – 605 MHz, giving it frequency agility. ZAR had detection range on the order of 460 nautical miles (850 km) on a 0.1 m2 target. The entire transmitter was surrounded by a 65 foot	foot	NOUN	(	PUNCT	 (
It existed during the late Cretaceous geological period of North America in present day Kansas, Alabama, Nebraska, Wyoming, and South Dakota. More fossil specimens of Pteranodon have been found than any other pterosaur, with about 1,200 specimens known to science, many of them	them	PRON	well	ADV	 well
This was done in association with the National Society for the Education of the Poor in the Principles of the Established Church. More space was soon needed, so in 1854 it found a site on the west side of Ditchling Road on which to build a larger college	college	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
The JNA maintained its presence there until the summer of 1992. As the JNA withdrew from the areas it controlled in Croatia, it was replaced by the UN peacekeepers agreed upon by the Vance plan. In 1990, ethnic tensions betweens Serbs and Croats worsened after the	the	DET	electoral	ADJ	 electoral
Despite this triumph, Olimpia did not create the winning mystique of its past golden generations and bowed out in the round of 16 the following season, after being routed by Grêmio 6 – 2, avenging their controversial loss from the year before. The 2003 tournament became	became	VERB	an	DET	 an
By the early 19th century, however, the Spanish sovereign's possessions in the Americas began a series of independence movements, which culminated in the Crown's loss of all its colonies on the mainland of North and South America by 1825. The remaining colonies of Cuba	Cuba	PROPN	and	CCONJ	 and
Eventually Gordon and Greenwalt found another philosophical question that becomes Jason's motivation to halt his own research — " Life itself is about the unknown and discovering what is in front of us. But if everyone, or maybe some people, knew what would happen, that	that	PRON	would	AUX	 would
The small settlements of Hedrick, Pence and Stewart are in Jordan Township; Stewart consists of a grain processing facility and a single residence. In Steuben Township, Johnsonville has a church and a handful of residences. Marshfield has an automotive body repair shop, a grain	grain	NOUN	elevator	NOUN	 elevator
Around the same time, the Vanuatu Red Cross stated that it would distribute supplies such as materials for makeshift shelters and water purification tablets. The Red Cross was also to provide 500 bags of rice to villages in the Shepherd Islands. Political unrest on a national level	level	NOUN	limited	VERB	 limited
The hurricane made landfall a few miles to the east of High Island at around 0700 UTC. A well defined eye was maintained with strong convection around it, and Hurricane Hunters reported sustained winds of 85 mph (140 km / h) about two hours after landfall	landfall	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
Two types of nests for this species have been described: one being a simple nest with a noticeable shaft inside, the other being a complex structure surrounded by a mound. These ants utilise the warmth by decorating their nests with dry materials that heat in a quick	quick	ADJ	duration	NOUN	 duration
Beyoncé and Larter were nominated in the categories of Worst Actress and Worst Supporting Actress, but lost to Sandra Bullock and Sienna Miller respectively, at the 30th Golden Raspberry Awards (" Razzies "). Idris Elba was a nominee for the award for Outstanding Actor in	in	ADP	a	DET	 a
However, during the read through of the episode, it was negatively received by cast and crew members; both Alexander and director Tom Cherones felt the episode's gun content was too provocative. When she read a scene that referenced the assassinations of John F. Kennedy and	and	CCONJ	William	PROPN	 William
Grant's daughter, Jennifer, denied the claims. When Chevy Chase joked on television in 1980 that Grant was a " homo. What a gal! ", Grant sued him for slander, and Chase was forced to retract his words. Grant became a fan	fan	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
As with all other daimyō families, the Satake clan was relieved of its title in 1871. The Satake clan claimed descent from Satake Masayoshi, the grandson of the prominent 11th century warrior Minamoto no Yoshimitsu. Yoshimitsu received land in Mutsu Province and Hitachi Province as a	a	DET	reward	NOUN	 reward
Additionally, a promotional digital album titled The Best of Final Fantasy XII was released on the Japanese localization of iTunes for download only on March 15, 2006. The album contains 11 tracks handpicked by Hitoshi Sakimoto, including versions of " Theme of Final Fantasy XII "	"	PUNCT	and	CCONJ	 and
Business design management deals with the newly emerging field of integrating design thinking into management. In organisation and management theory, design thinking forms part of the Architecture / Design / Anthropology (A / D / A) paradigm which characterizes innovative, human centered enterprises. This	This	DET	paradigm	NOUN	 paradigm
The guns fired a 870 pound (390 kg) shell at a muzzle velocity of 2,700 feet per second (820 m / s). The turrets were Mark VI mounts, which allowed for reloading at all angles of elevation. These mounts could elevate to 20	20	NUM	degrees	NOUN	 degrees
He received a medical redshirt as a result of the illness. Hemingway posted his first 100 yard reception game, first two touchdown performance and a career high five reception effort in the September 5 season opener for the 2009 team against Western Michigan, during his third career	career	NOUN	start	NOUN	 start
He then becomes emotional as he tells Peggy that he will be waiting for her as she walks out on him. Bradley walks in and punches Archie in the face twice but accidentally punches the bar as well, cutting his hand. He tells Archie to stay away	away	ADV	from	ADP	 from
Garner remembered Turing as " funny and witty " and said that he " talked endlessly ". In 2006, Alan Turing was named with online resources as an LGBT History Month Icon. In 2006, Boston Pride named Turing their Honorary Grand Marshal. The logo of	of	ADP	Apple	PROPN	 Apple
He grew up in Hoyerswerda, Electorate of Saxony, where his father served as a Colonel in the Saxon Army. He joined the Royal Saxon Horse Guards in 1770 or 1771. His family was of Polish origin. Nonetheless, in his childhood and youth he grew	grew	VERB	up	ADP	 up
Thatcher was firmly opposed to the UK's membership of the Exchange Rate Mechanism, a precursor to European monetary union, believing that it would constrain the British economy, despite the urging of her Chancellor of the Exchequer Nigel Lawson and Foreign Secretary Geoffrey Howe, but she	she	PRON	was	AUX	 was
The shortcoming was underlined by his artistic rivalry with Marc Bolan, who was at the time acting as his session guitarist. A band was duly assembled. John Cambridge, a drummer Bowie met at the Arts Lab, was joined by Tony Visconti on bass and Mick	Mick	PROPN	Ronson	PROPN	 Ronson
The Black Hawk War gave the young captain Abraham Lincoln his brief military service. Other participants who later became famous included Winfield Scott, Zachary Taylor, and Jefferson Davis. The war gave impetus to the US policy of Indian removal, in which Native American tribes were	were	AUX	pressured	VERB	 pressured
Richard also argues that it was in response to this forming coalition between the Franks, Ilkhanid Mongols and Byzantines, that the Mongols of the Golden Horde allied with the Muslim Mamluks in return. However, the mainstream view of historians is that though there were many attempts	attempts	NOUN	at	ADP	 at
Built in 1914, it is the world's first constant angle arch variable radius dam. Since it was built, over 100 such dams have been constructed all over the world. The dam was built by the Alaska Gastineau Mining Company to meet the electrical energy needs	needs	NOUN	for	ADP	 for
Other prey include invertebrates such as bees, cockroaches, crickets, wasps and other ants; in particular, workers prey on Orthocrema ants (a subgenus of Crematogaster) and Camponotus, although this is risky since these ants are able to call for help through chemical signals	signals	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
" Although the process involves some random elements, it is the non random selection of survival enhancing genes that drives evolution along an ordered trajectory. The fact that the results are ordered and seem " designed " is no more evidence for a supernatural intelligence than the appearance	appearance	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
The bridge rested on abutments which had been jacketed with concrete after its original construction. The arch was supported by voussoirs made of " irregular rubble stone ", without a keystone. There was also no stone giving the date or other construction information. The approaches were	were	AUX	flanked	VERB	 flanked
In preparation for their attack, the Germans had amassed a concentration of aircraft near the fortress. In the opening phase, they swept the air space of enemy spotters which allowed the accurate German artillery spotters and bombers to operate without interference. However, by May,	,	PUNCT	the	DET	 the
The wages assigned to the third Earl were substantial: £2,500 yearly in time of peace, and £5,000 during war, as well as an annual payment for the maintenance of Berwick's upkeep (£66 in peacetime and £120 in wartime). Percy	Percy	PROPN	often	ADV	 often
Safety improvements were made in the wake of the crash, including more secure electrical controls, Kevlar lining on the fuel tanks and specially developed burst resistant tyres. The first flight with the modifications departed from London Heathrow on 17 July 2001, piloted by BA Chief Concorde	Concorde	PROPN	Pilot	PROPN	 Pilot
Eight of the remaining seven inch guns were also placed on the main deck on the broadside where they were protected by the ship's armour, but one pair was on the main deck further aft where they were not protected by armour. The two ships differed where	where	SCONJ	the	DET	 the
The de Valera government also sought to remove the remaining ties between Ireland and the UK, such as ending the King's status as Irish Head of State. Chamberlain, as Chancellor had taken a hard line stance against concessions to the Irish, but having been persuaded	persuaded	VERB	that	SCONJ	 that
They got down on their hands and knees to help the women and whispered to them when the guards weren't looking. All four young women wore long black skirts and white silk blouses, the same clothing they had worn the previous day. Their short hair was	was	AUX	"	PUNCT	 "
The song was number 46 and number 33, respectively, on the 2011 Billboard Digital Songs and Pop Songs year end charts. " Only Girl (In the World) " was Rihanna's twelfth number one on the Dance Club Songs songs chart and number 46 on	on	ADP	the	DET	 the
" The Return of the King received " generally favorably reviews " across all systems; the Game Boy Advance version holds an aggregate score of 77 out of 100 on Metacritic, based on thirteen reviews; the GameCube version 84 out of 100, based on twenty three	three	NUM	reviews	NOUN	 reviews
Rather, they disappear into the vulnerable and self doubting characters they play without a hint of the preening vanity that so often causes cinematic performances to seem forced and shallow. " Numerous critics also praised Gandolfini and Louis Dreyfus's performances in the film. Ann Hornaday of	of	ADP	The	DET	 The
The Republicans lost three seats in the House and gained two in the Senate, but retained control of both houses of the 105th United States Congress. Clinton received 379, or over 70 percent of the Electoral College votes, with Dole receiving 159 electoral votes. In	In	ADP	the	DET	 the
Software developer Tony Davis (another South African expatriate who had moved to Canada) was initially hired as a consultant to work on the forms line of products in the late 1980s, soon afterwards becoming part of that team. In his spare time he developed a prototype	prototype	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
Wyatt testified that he had arrested Tom earlier that day when he found him carrying a weapon earlier in violation of a city ordinance. He pistol whipped him and took him to the courthouse where he was fined. Saloon keeper Mehan testified that Tom had deposited his revolver	revolver	NOUN	at	ADP	 at
With James Beattie unavailable for the playoffs following a red card in the final game of the season against Exeter City, manager Danny Wilson was faced with a selection crisis ahead of the critical games against Stevenage. With only one senior striker available a patched up side contested	contested	VERB	a	DET	 a
Hutton's preferred tactic of ducking under the ball reinforced the impression that he was afraid. In the final Test, Hutton scored a century, batting through the first day to score 122 not out, his first Test century in Australia, despite another barrage from Lindwall	Lindwall	PROPN	and	CCONJ	 and
After appearing in eight games for the Canucks, goaltender Jason LaBarbera was acquired in a trade from the Los Angeles Kings and Schneider was sent back to the Moose on January 5, 2009. During his time in Vancouver, Schneider had been named AHL Goalie of the	the	DET	Month	PROPN	 Month
The film's popularity led to the 1984 sequel Conan the Destroyer. Conan the Barbarian is a film about a young barbarian's quest to avenge his parents ' deaths. The story is set in the fictional Hyborian Age, thousands of years before the rise of modern	modern	ADJ	civilization	NOUN	 civilization
After crossing Sand Creek, the freeway interchanges with Colfax Avenue (also signed as U.S. Highway 40, U.S. Highway 287 and Interstate 70 Business), and then with 17th Place (serving the Anschutz Medical Campus). After the exit, I 225 enters Adams County	County	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
In what may have been a reaction to Kenney's threat, Jones insisted that the subsequent inquiry before Justice John Vincent Barry focus not only on the attempted resignations but on reports of alcohol trafficking on Morotai. While no action was taken against the pilots over the mutiny	mutiny	NOUN	directly	ADV	 directly
Shane Phoenix of Hot Spots said that the keys are " a little lost " and the synth clapping is over used, but the " breaks are amazing and the lyrics have something to say ". Poppy Reid of The Music Network criticized the song for its reliance	reliance	NOUN	on	ADP	 on
The basis of Melee's gameplay system is the battles between Nintendo characters, which has been suggested as being overly hectic; N Europe questioned whether the gameplay is " too Frantic? ", even though they enjoyed the variety of modes on offer. Similarly, Nintendo	Nintendo	PROPN	Spin	PROPN	 Spin
Upon reappearing in her own world, Eckhart is covered with shadow creatures from the Gate and killed by an officer out of alarm of her new, monstrous appearance. Understanding the danger posed by the connection between the two worlds, Edward returns to Earth to seal the	the	DET	Gate	PROPN	 Gate
The deliveries were often short pitched, designed to rise at the batsman's body, with four or five fielders close by on the leg side waiting to catch deflections off the bat. Intended to be intimidating, the tactics proved difficult for batsmen to counter and were	were	AUX	physically	ADV	 physically
He had accumulated a total of 960 acres (1.5 sq mi; 3.9 km2) land at one point. The reason that the name was changed was the pre existence of Cornell, Illinois. Paul Cornell established the Cornell Watch Factory at 76th Street and the Illinois	Illinois	PROPN	Central	ADJ	 Central
The winning design by Stefanie Rocknak depicts a life sized Poe striding against the wind, accompanied by a flying raven and trailed by papers falling from his open suitcase. The public unveiling on October 5, 2014 was attended by former US poet laureate Robert Pinsky. Other	Other	ADJ	Poe	PROPN	 Poe
At the end of their duet — " Pretending ", written by Finn — the audience responds with awkward silence as Rachel and Finn actually kiss; the club consequently fails to place at Nationals. Back in Ohio, Rachel tells Finn she is moving to New York	York	PROPN	for	ADP	 for
Roosevelt reinforced the Philippines (an American protectorate scheduled for independence in 1946) and warned Japan that the US would react to Japanese attacks against any " neighboring countries ". Frustrated at the lack of progress and feeling the pinch of the American British Dutch sanctions, Japan	Japan	PROPN	prepared	VERB	 prepared
Buster explained: We don't know what slaves sounded like in the 1840s, so I just used rural samples from Mississippi and Louisiana [for actors Ejiofor and Fassbender]. Then for Benedict [Cumberbatch], I found some real upper class New Orleanians from the	the	DET	'	NOUN	 '
The magazine also felt that while the collecting of supplies added strategy to the action, the limited amount restricted the paths the player might take through the level. Another critic said the " real time, living battlefield enhances the urgency of the missions and the player's	's	PART	involvement	NOUN	 involvement
In the middle of the garden is a nice fountain with a remarkable sun dial, showing the time in thirty different ways. Between the spaces that are planted in the garden there are fine walks grown with grass, and the spaces are planted very artistically, surrounded	surrounded	VERB	by	ADP	 by
At the very least, they ’ re forms of harassment... We now have three parties involved. Anonymous, Scientology and law enforcement. " Kent stated that " The hacker community has been angry at Scientology for (their) attempts to block free speech on the	the	DET	Internet	NOUN	 Internet
Eventually, Mulder finds his way out of the storm drain. At the prison, Scully meets a man that looks exactly like Bert Zupanic. Lulu and Betty meet at a stadium and everyone in the audience breaks into a fight. The other Bert Zupanic shows up	up	ADP	and	CCONJ	 and
He scored 21 goals on the season, breaking the goal scoring record for a defenceman, and totalled 64 points to set a new point scoring record for one season for a defenceman. Orr feuded with Toronto rookie defenceman Pat Quinn that season. In a late season	season	NOUN	game	NOUN	 game
E.V.O. tells a mythical saga of life's evolution on Earth, with a subtext of a creation myth and polytheistic evolution. The player takes the role of one of many billions of lifeforms created by Gaia, the nurturing and benevolent daughter of Sol, the Sun.	.	PUNCT	Among	ADP	 Among
Established by ethnic Chinese businessmen Ang Hock Liem and Tjoa Ma Tjoen in 1940, it produced seven black and white films before it was dissolved in 1942; all are thought to be lost. The company's films were directed by four men, mostly ethnic Chinese,	,	PUNCT	and	CCONJ	 and
The graphics of the game were declared to be some of the best on the Nintendo 64 due to their rich textures, long drawing distance, and real time shadow generation, but were also criticised for their inconsistent frame rate during certain points in the game. Despite	Despite	SCONJ	this	PRON	 this
The castle consists of a series of mazes in which players must use keys to open doors and possibly find other damsels which can be rescued. At the end lies the final confrontation with the wizard Malkil. Players use the control pad to move horizontally and to crouch	crouch	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
" McEwen easily won re election in every race save his last and was seen as unbeatable in his district. However, Ohio lost two seats in the 1990 reapportionment. The Democrats and Republicans in the Ohio General Assembly struck a deal to eliminate one Democratic and one	one	NUM	Republican	ADJ	 Republican
The United States spent between $30 million and $40 million and lost between 1,500 and 3,000 lives. The U.S. military drove the Seminoles into the Everglades and were charged with the task of finding them, defeating them, and moving them to Oklahoma Indian territory.	.	PUNCT	Almost	ADV	 Almost
Francium has seven metastable nuclear isomers. Francium 223 and francium 221 are the only isotopes that occur in nature, though the former is far more common. Francium 223 is the most stable isotope, with a half life of 21.8 minutes, and it is highly unlikely	unlikely	ADJ	that	SCONJ	 that
The battalion served relatively light garrison and guard duty at Fortress Monroe, Newport News and Hampton for the remainder of 1861. In December, three more companies were added to the battalion and, with a full complement of ten companies, the unit became known as the	the	DET	29th	NOUN	 29th
Under his leadership into the early nineteenth century, numbers improved dramatically and so did the class of people coming: Brasenose began to be dominated by gentlemen like the Egertons, the Grenvilles, and of Richard Rainshaw Rothwell I. Its income over doubled between 1790 and 1810 to	to	ADP	£	SYM	 £
In a cut scene from the movie, it is clear that she is reading the novel for the second time, but in the theatrical release without that scene, it appears he introduces her to it. Various commentators have offered opinions concerning the presence in the film	film	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
Time remaining in the half quickly became a factor for Virginia Tech, as the Hokies penetrated the Falcons ' 45 yard line with just 1: 10 remaining in the half. As the Hokies rushed the ball, they were forced to call timeouts in order to stop	stop	VERB	the	DET	 the
The surrender was a humiliation for Buckner personally, but also a strategic defeat for the Confederacy, which lost more than 12,000 men and much equipment, as well as control of the Cumberland River, which led to the evacuation of Nashville. While Buckner was a Union	Union	PROPN	prisoner	NOUN	 prisoner
Birmingham is home to many entainment and leisure venues. It is home to Europe's largest leisure and entertainment complex Star City as well as Europe's first out of city centre entertainment and leisure complex Resorts World Birmingham owned by the Genting Group. The Mailbox which caters	caters	VERB	for	ADP	 for
The system was conceived by Y. R. Chao (Zhao Yuanren) and developed by a group of linguists including Chao and Lin Yutang from 1925 to 1926. Chao himself later published influential works in linguistics using GR. In addition a small number of other textbooks and dictionaries	dictionaries	NOUN	in	ADP	 in
Kenneth Watson was hired as the senior lead aircraft designer. During the next few weeks, the team created a computer program which could evaluate the RCS of possible designs. The RCS prediction software was called " ECHO 1 ". As tests with the program proceeded,	,	PUNCT	it	PRON	 it
While they did not actively protest during the Civil Rights Movement, they served as spiritual counselors to many on the front lines, and helped establish the first interracial, non denominational church in the United States. Thurman played an active role in establishing international student organizations to	to	PART	help	VERB	 help
Three of these are monotypic (contain only one species), while two others contain only two species. Most species are placed in section Pseudonarcissus. Many of these subdivisions correspond roughly to the popular names for daffodil types, e.g. Trumpet Daffodils, Tazettas, Pheasant's	's	PART	Eyes	NOUN	 Eyes
As Whale biographer James Curtis wrote, the play " managed to coalesce, at the right time and in the right manner, the impressions of a whole generation of men who were in the war and who had found it impossible, through words or deeds, to	to	PART	adequately	ADV	 adequately
Christopher Carr, an academic and practising lawyer, called the implementation of Section 1 " slightly awkward ", suggesting that in some ways it was more limited than the provisions contained in the Sale of Goods Act 1893 from the seller's point of view. Unlike with	with	ADP	the	DET	 the
In later seasons, Sesame Street addressed real life disasters such as the September 11 terrorist attacks and Hurricane Katrina. The show's goals for outreach were addressed during its first season by an extensive and innovative promotional campaign targeted at children and their families in low income,	,	PUNCT	inner	ADJ	 inner
The game over screen in the English version features the silhouette of Ganon from the chest up, with the text saying " Game Over / Return of Ganon ", whereas the FDS game over screen is a plain black screen with the text saying " Return of Ganon	Ganon	PROPN	/	PUNCT	 /
The noisy miner colony unites to mob inter specific intruders and predators. The noisy miner will approach the threat closely and point, expose eye patches, and often bill snap. Five to fifteen birds will fly around the intruder, some birds diving at it and either	either	CCONJ	pulling	VERB	 pulling
The following season, Bertuzzi recorded 23 points in 64 games. The Islanders did not qualify for the playoffs in either of his two full seasons with the club, ranking second last in the Eastern Conference in 1995 – 96 and 1996 – 97. Bertuzzi's playing	playing	NOUN	style	NOUN	 style
Due to the attention created by the Beatles ' song, the street signs for Blue Jay Way have long been collector's items for fans visiting the Hollywood Hills. In May 2015, a lane in the Heavitree area of Exeter, in the English county of Devon	Devon	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
In this episode, Mulder and Scully investigate a murder for which the suspect presents an incredible alibi — that the death was foretold by an old man able to see into the future. Upon investigating the case, the duo discover an increasingly bizarre series of events that	that	PRON	leads	VERB	 leads
The H 7 was never built. The H 9 was intended as a trainer with dual control columns. The airframe was a H 1 variant rebuild. The powerplants consisted of two JumoA 1s or D 1s. The H 10 was also designated to trainer duties.	.	PUNCT	Rebuilt	VERB	 Rebuilt
Béla adopted an active foreign policy soon after the withdrawal of the Mongols. In the second half of 1242 he invaded Austria and forced Duke Frederick II to surrender the three counties ceded to him during the Mongol invasion. On the other hand, Venice occupied Zadar in	in	ADP	the	DET	 the
Cox was asked to audition with his back turned to the casting agents, as they felt they needed to focus on the power of his voice when considering him for the part. Joan Allen as Reba McClane. In preparation for her role, Allen spent time with	with	ADP	the	DET	 the
The sculpture by Daniel Chester French, The Minute Man, located at the North Bridge, was unveiled on that day. A formal ball took place in the evening at the Agricultural Hall in Concord. In April 1925 the United States Post Office issued three stamps commemorating	commemorating	VERB	the	DET	 the
In response, on 29 March, the British Secretary of State for War Leslie Hore Belisha announced plans to increase the Territorial Army from 130,000 men to 340,000 and in so doing double the number of territorial divisions. The intended plan of action was for the existing units	units	NOUN	to	PART	 to
The RAAF began considering options for heavy transport aircraft to provide a strategic airlift capability during the early 2000s. This investigation was initiated after the ADF deployment to East Timor in 1999 and operations in the Middle East from 2001 revealed shortcomings in the RAAF's ability to transport	transport	VERB	the	DET	 the
If a baseball hits anywhere on the dugout it is considered out of play. If a baseball hits the green fence the ball is in play. A player is allowed to lean on the tarp to catch a fly ball, but not stand on the tarp.	.	PUNCT	On	ADP	 On
Steve Jobs pooled the finest of over specified hardware and software into NeXT, and also the company added innovations of their own. As such, it was the machine of choice for well funded science departments that, of course, were Unix friendly at the time.	.	PUNCT	Despite	SCONJ	 Despite
Most sharks are carnivorous. Basking sharks, whale sharks, and megamouth sharks have independently evolved different strategies for filter feeding plankton: basking sharks practice ram feeding, whale sharks use suction to take in plankton and small fishes, and megamouth sharks make suction feeding more efficient	efficient	ADJ	by	ADP	 by
" Another rapper, Common, has praised Chief Keef's contributions to rap, stating, " I think Chief Keef brought something that nobody else was doing and he brought it raw. He brought it real. With that, I have to respect that as an	an	DET	artist	NOUN	 artist
It is found in Asia, Australia, and North America, where it grows on the ground in open woods. Its name, derived from the same Latin root as cranium, alludes to its resemblance to an animal's brain. The skull shaped fruit body is	is	AUX	8	NUM	 8
Randall extrapolated this method to estimate C. megalodon's total length. Randall cited two C. megalodon teeth in his work, specimen number 10356 at the American Museum of Natural History and specimen number 25730 at the United States National Museum, which had enamel heights of 115 millimetres	millimetres	NOUN	(	PUNCT	 (
Angelou's description of close familial relationships, such as her relationships with her parents and son (which Lupton called " the mother child pattern ") was the only unifying theme that connected all of her autobiographies. Angelou's concept of family was affected by Maya and	and	CCONJ	Bailey	PROPN	 Bailey
Egbert's conquests brought him wealth far greater than his predecessors had enjoyed, and enabled him to purchase the support which secured the West Saxon throne for his descendants. The stability brought by the dynastic succession of Egbert and Æthelwulf led to an expansion of commercial and agrarian	agrarian	ADJ	resources	NOUN	 resources
Trulli made a pit stop for a new front wing, whilst Verstappen spun off. The resulting incidents caused the deployment of the safety car. The safety car was withdrawn at the end of the second lap and the race got underway again with Häkkinen in the lead	lead	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
Goudsmit had not been working on the Manhattan Project, and therefore could not reveal any of its secrets if captured. The British considered creating their own rival mission, but in the end agreed to participate as a junior partner. Three Dutch and one Norwegian officer also	also	ADV	served	VERB	 served
Agriculture impacts were significant, estimated at $550 million, which affected 75% of the farmers in Hadhramaut. Soil erosion from the floods damaged 22,902 acres (9,268 ha) of farmlands, as well as 51,455 acres (20,823 ha) of uncultivated lands. This	This	DET	mostly	ADV	 mostly
In 2002, Ukrainian psychiatrist Ada Korotenko stated that today the question was raised about the use of psychiatry to settle political accounts and establish psychiatric control over people competing for power in the country. Obviously, one will find supporters of the feasibility of such a filter,	,	PUNCT	she	PRON	 she
From the reign of Richard II, the House of Commons regularly complained about the work of the Court, and in 1390 it petitioned the King to pronounce that the Court could not act contrary to the common law, nor annul a judgement without due process. At	At	ADP	the	DET	 the
The turrets were Mark IV mounts, which required the guns to be horizontal to be reloaded. These mounts could elevate to 15 degrees and depress to -5 degrees, and they were electrically operated, and the guns could be operated independently. The secondary battery consisted of	of	ADP	sixteen	NUM	 sixteen
Vessels of the task force began to depart Darwin as early as 7 January, with HMA Ships Brisbane and Stalwart the last to depart on 31 January, after command of the relief operation was turned over to the Commandant of the Army's 7th Military District. Following	Following	VERB	the	DET	 the
Spock goes to the engine room to restore the warp drive. When McCoy tries to prevent Spock's entry, as exposure to the high levels of radiation would be fatal, Spock incapacitates the doctor with a Vulcan nerve pinch and performs a mind meld, telling him	him	PRON	to	PART	 to
While speaking to rural audiences Biden noted that the war in Iraq continued to be an important facet of his campaign agenda. He said that he would talk to Independent voters to convince them to propel him to the nomination stating that if " the Democratic nominee can not	not	PART	attract	VERB	 attract
Studies concluded that a major fault system underlay the vicinity of the Auburn Dam site, with many folds of metamorphic rock formed by the contact of the foothills rocks and the granite batholith of the Sierra Nevada. Reclamation predicted that the Auburn Reservoir could induce an earthquake of	of	ADP	up	ADP	 up
Waffen SS veterans ' activities were increasingly greeted by suspicion from the community, while the government and military planners came to the realisation that they could meet their goals of rearmament without them. HIAG was thus increasingly marginalised and ignored by the political parties, while any pretences	pretences	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
Despite having good field position, the Cardinals were unable to gain more than four yards on three plays and were forced into their first punt of the game. Throughout much of the second quarter, both teams traded punts as each went three and out on several occasions	occasions	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
Ceres, the asteroid belt's only dwarf planet, is about 950 km in diameter, whereas Vesta, Pallas, and Hygiea have mean diameters of less than 600 km. The remaining bodies range down to the size of a dust particle. The asteroid material is	is	AUX	so	ADV	 so
In 1914, Washington Square College was founded as the downtown undergraduate college of NYU. In 1935, NYU opened the " Nassau College Hofstra Memorial of New York University at Hempstead, Long Island ". This extension would later become a fully independent Hofstra University. In	In	ADP	1950	NUM	 1950
Agreeing to help release mutants that Stryker has captured, Gambit takes Logan to Stryker's facility on Three Mile Island. Logan learns that Kayla is alive, having been coerced by Stryker into keeping tabs on him in exchange for her sister's safety. However, Stryker	Stryker	PROPN	refuses	VERB	 refuses
" He spoke in favour of moving FA Cup ties midweek to prevent fixture congestion, because the current system was too demanding for the big clubs: " In England a team that goes for the FA Cup automatically has a problem in the championship, especially if they	they	PRON	play	VERB	 play
The Australians then set out on a gruelling march to Kilia. As they did so, a violent thunderstorm broke, and it started to rain heavily. The force pushed on toward Kilia, but made slow progress that night due to the steep terrain and heavy rain	rain	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
Legend of Mana was directed by series creator Koichi Ishii, designed by Akihiko Matsui, and produced by veteran Square director and producer Akitoshi Kawazu. The game had high sales, selling 400,000 copies in its first week of release and 700,000 by the end of 1999.	.	PUNCT	Reviews	NOUN	 Reviews
The revised plan, DOT says, will allow it to shorten the timetable and complete the project in one phase instead of the two originally planned. It is expected to cost $115 million. The " Five Corners " intersection of NY 32 and NY 94 at	at	ADP	Vails	PROPN	 Vails
Igbo Landing was the final scene of events which in 1803 amounted to a " major act of resistance " by the Africans. These events have had enduring symbolic importance in African American folklore and literary history. The mutiny by the Igbo people has been referred to as	as	ADP	the	DET	 the
In 2003, Governor Ted Kulongoski appointed him to the Oregon Board of Higher Education, a position he resigned after admitting he had a sexual relationship with a minor girl 30 years earlier. Goldschmidt was born in Eugene, in Oregon's Willamette Valley, on June 16	16	NUM	,	PUNCT	,
Plans for a new stadium first began in 1984 when Cuyahoga County voters defeated a property tax for building a 100% publicly funded domed stadium, which would have been shared by the Indians and Browns. Later that year, committee leaders met to re evaluate these plans	plans	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
Alfred died in 899, and his son Edward the Elder worked with Alfred's son in law, Æthelred, and daughter, Æthelflæd, to re take parts of southern England from the Norse. During these campaigns he built the two burhs of Hertford as already noted	noted	VERB	.	PUNCT	.
The M 40F powered aircraft reached a maximum speed of 430 km / h (267 mph) at 6,050 m (19,849 ft). However, the M 40 was not yet ready for service use and the project was cancelled. The aircraft / engine combination did	did	AUX	have	VERB	 have
In early 1942, SS Leibstandarte, SS Totenkopf, and SS Das Reich were withdrawn to the West to refit and were converted to Panzergrenadier divisions. The SS Panzer Corps returned to the Soviet Union in 1943 and participated in the Third Battle of Kharkov in February and	and	CCONJ	March	PROPN	 March
An American, he attended The Hill School in Pennsylvania before graduating from Harvard University. Oxford won the toss and elected to start from the Surrey station, handing the Middlesex side of the river to Cambridge. On a strong tide, umpire Pitman attempted to start the	the	DET	race	NOUN	 race
Fishing also impacts the reef through increased pollution from boats, by catch of unwanted species (such as dolphins and turtles) and reef habitat destruction from trawling, anchors and nets. Overfishing of herbivore populations can cause algal growths on reefs. The Batfish Platax pinnatus has	has	AUX	been	AUX	 been
Written and produced by Joan Sebastian, and co produced by Jesús Rincón, the album is a successful mariachi record. It has sold two million copies worldwide, and is one of the biggest selling albums by Fernández. It spawned four singles: " Estos Celos "	"	PUNCT	,	PUNCT	,
Such trusts will be invalid in several circumstances; charitable trusts are not allowed to be run for profit, nor can they have purposes that are not charitable (unless these are ancillary to the charitable purpose). In addition, it is considered unacceptable for charitable trusts	trusts	NOUN	to	PART	 to
San Francisco station KTRB picked up the program for the San Francisco market, and saw a ratings boost in the afternoon drive. However, the program was among the first casualties when KTRB went into receivership in September 2010. On January 22, 2010, Savage revealed	revealed	VERB	to	ADP	 to
The resort would eventually be renamed Desert Inn, and was affectionately called the " D.I. " by Las Vegas locals and regular guests. The Desert Inn opened formally on April 24, 1950, at a two day gala which was heavily publicized nationally. Journalists from all	all	PRON	of	ADP	 of
Minor characters include The Cowboy (Monty Montgomery, credited as Lafayette Montgomery), the Castigliani Brothers (Dan Hedaya and Angelo Badalamenti) and Mr. Roque (Michael J. Anderson), all of whom are somehow involved in pressuring Adam to cast Camilla Rhodes in his film	film	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
" Other reasons, according to him, were it being free and its long development period with its design to be " never ending ". He predicted the game will be most popular at its final release, with its legacy being more than just historic value.	.	PUNCT	He	PRON	 He
Few streams in Arizona have a flow as large and steady as Fossil Creek's. Although remote, the stream was seen in the early 20th century as a good place to produce electricity for the copper mines of Jerome and the gold and silver mines of the Bradshaw	Bradshaw	PROPN	Mountains	PROPN	 Mountains
It formed on June 26 from a tropical wave to the south of Mexico. It quickly strengthened as it approached the coast, and early on June 27 Carlos moved ashore in Oaxaca with winds of 65 mph (100 km / h). The storm rapidly deteriorated	deteriorated	VERB	to	ADP	 to
In addition to its successful buyout transactions, KKR was involved in the failed buyout of Harman International Industries (NYSE: HAR), an upscale audio equipment maker. On April 26, 2007, Harman announced it had entered an agreement to be acquired by KKR and	and	CCONJ	Goldman	PROPN	 Goldman
After a general meeting of the members, the society passed a resolution and sent a notice to Tijori, asking him to vacate his flats within the next 30 days. The resolution was sent to the local registrar. He responded by filing a criminal case against nine	nine	NUM	members	NOUN	 members
To date, A Mysterious Clarity has been featured in at least 9 museums and galleries including the Albany Museum of Art, the Gulf Coast Museum, and the Brevard Art Museum. As one of the two primary research universities in Florida, the Florida State University has	has	AUX	long	ADV	 long
In the western North Pacific, there are strong reciprocal relationships between the areas of formative tropical cyclones and that of the lower tropospheric monsoon troughs and the tropical upper tropospheric trough. Tropical cyclone movement can also be influenced by TUTT cells within 1,700 kilometres (1,100 mi)	)	PUNCT	of	ADP	 of
Although the term " lemur " was first intended for slender lorises, it was soon limited to the endemic Malagasy primates, which have been known as " lemurs " ever since. The name derives from the Latin term lemures, which refers to specters or ghosts that	that	PRON	were	AUX	 were
To justify this contradiction, Himmler began to stress a shared European identity more strongly in the early 1940s, promising that " all those who are of good blood will be given the possibility to grow into the German Volk ". According to historian Mark P. Gingerich,	,	PUNCT	of	ADP	 of
Two subspecies have been identified — the northern sei whale (Balaenoptera borealis borealis) and southern sei whale (Balaenoptera borealis schlegelii). Their ranges do not overlap. The sei whale is the fourth largest balaenopterid, after the blue whale (up to 180 tonnes,	,	PUNCT	200	NUM	 200
A short distance later, the highway crosses over the access road between the Garden State Parkway and the New Jersey Turnpike just east of the toll plaza and then the New Jersey Turnpike itself. From this point, the highway passes several office parks, reaching an interchange	interchange	NOUN	with	ADP	 with
Colliston Church is linked with Friockheim and Kinnell Church and Inverkeilor and Lunan Church. The minister of these three churches is Rev. Peter Phillips. There is an Episcopalian congregation based at St Mary the Virgin Church in Springfield Terrace. The Minister is Rev. Dr. John Cuthbert.	.	PUNCT	St	PROPN	 St
The golden white eye is socially dominant over the bridled white eyes and rufous fantails, but it is subordinate to the Micronesian myzomela and is chased by that species. It is also occasionally chased by the fantails if it approaches their nests too closely. The golden white	white	ADJ	eye	NOUN	 eye
In 1965, the oil fields in Baku were producing 21.5 million tons of oil annually; by 1988, that number had dropped down to almost 3.3 million. Outdated Soviet refinery equipment and a reluctance by Western oil companies to invest in a war region where pipelines would	would	AUX	routinely	ADV	 routinely
He did note that the miniseries is " less a cohesive whole than a bunch of short stories that feel as if they accidentally add up to something bigger ", and that the need for every installment to exist as a self contained unit made Stakes " a little	little	ADJ	clunky	ADJ	 clunky
Groening had been called in to pitch a series of animated shorts for The Tracey Ullman Show and had intended to present an adaptation of his Life in Hell comic strip. When he realized that animating Life in Hell would require him to rescind publication rights, Groening went	went	VERB	in	ADP	 in
Art historian Petru Comarnescu writes that Bogdan Pitești's " critical intuitions " were superior to those of fellow collectors Zambaccian and Ioan Kalinderu; critic Nicolae Oprescu also assesses that, without Bogdan Pitești, Ștefan Luchian would be lost to Romanian art. The Romanian art environment cherished	cherished	VERB	,	PUNCT	,
Lock picks are used to unlock doors and grapnels to climb on walls. Through the " sixth sense ", XIII can hear enemies behind walls with the aid of " tap tap tap " signals. Stealth operations include strangling enemies or hiding dead bodies. Captions pop	pop	VERB	up	ADP	 up
Amino acids are used for a variety of applications in industry, but their main use is as additives to animal feed. This is necessary, since many of the bulk components of these feeds, such as soybeans, either have low levels or lack some of the	the	DET	essential	ADJ	 essential
At the end of the Spanish Civil War, the Spanish Army could count on 144 Panzer Is and CV 33s, and 139 T 26s. Panzer Is and CV 33s were organized as " light tanks ", denominated Type Is, while the T 26s were considered	considered	VERB	"	PUNCT	 "
The watershed makes up 30 percent of the area of Montour County. Mahoning Creek drains the area in the vicinity of Danville. The mouth of the creek is in the United States Geological Survey quadrangle of Riverside. However, its source is in the quadrangle of Millville	Millville	PROPN	.	PUNCT	.
This acquisition made USNB " the largest financial institution north of San Francisco and west of Minneapolis ". In 1946, U.S. National purchased the Wells Fargo Building (since 1922 known as the Porter Building), a multistory office building located directly adjacent, immediately to the	the	DET	north	NOUN	 north
The line remains property of Network Rail, with Anglesey County Council a statutory consultee on the future use of the route. The track is in a poor state of repair, with gorse bushes and small saplings growing between the tracks in some locations. Network Rail officially	officially	ADV	designated	VERB	 designated
The entire forward part of the bow needed to be replaced. She steamed to Gdynia, in Poland on 4 April where she was decommissioned out of range of RAF bombers. Gneisenau did not put to sea again. The raid cost three aircraft, one Hampton and	and	CCONJ	two	NUM	 two
To welcome some neighbours on 8 June 1781, he gave them for dinner: a Couple of Chicken boiled and a Tongue, a Leg of Mutton boiled and Capers and Batter Pudding for the first Course, Second, a couple of Ducks rosted and green Peas,	,	PUNCT	some	DET	 some
The small community built a church and monastic lodgings during the next hundred years. They were Victorine Canons who were influenced by the Cistercians emphasis on manual labour and self sufficiency. As a result, the clerks who had taken holy orders worked on the farm, as	as	ADV	well	ADV	 well
L ' affaire Ravel became a national scandal, leading to the early retirement of Dubois and his replacement by Fauré, appointed by the government to carry out a radical reorganisation of the Conservatoire. Among those taking a close interest in the controversy was Alfred Edwards, owner	owner	NOUN	and	CCONJ	 and
He transferred to the Royal Flying Corps the following year, rising to captain. Credited with twenty three aerial victories, Pentland became the fifth highest scoring Australian ace of the war, after Robert Little, Stan Dallas, Harry Cobby and Roy King. He was awarded	awarded	VERB	the	DET	 the
At 12: 00 on 19 September, Chetwode received orders from GHQ to launch the XX Corps ' attack that night on both sides of the road to Nablus. At 19: 45 after a 15 minute bombardment, the 10th Division was to begin the attack on	on	ADP	the	DET	 the
The 1950s saw the start of a significant increase in post war housebuilding, with council house estates being started at Sydenham and Rhode Lane and the former cooperative estate near Durleigh. On 4 November 2011 West Quay alongside the River Parrett and 19 adjoining properties were evacuated after	after	ADP	a	DET	 a
The lack of water also means there is less ice to reflect heat into space, so the outer edge of desert planet habitable zones is further out. Rocky planets with a thick hydrogen atmosphere could maintain surface water much further out than the Earth – Sun distance.	.	PUNCT	Planets	NOUN	 Planets
The subspecies melanoptera and intermedia are found mainly in mallee scrublands and woodlands, while in Western Australia, subspecies plumbea is found in various forests and woodlands, such as jarrah (Eucalyptus marginata), karri (E. diversicolor), tuart (E. gomphocephala) and wandoo	wandoo	PROPN	(	PUNCT	 (
Tropic Thunder was released in the United States on DVD and Blu ray on November 18, 2008, three months after its release and a week after the end of its theatrical run in the U.S. and Canada. The film was released on home video on January 26	26	NUM	,	PUNCT	,
In 1965, this road would be incorporated into a planned Central Jersey Expressway System. The western portion would become a part of the Route 37 freeway that was to run from Trenton to Seaside Heights while the eastern portion would become a part of the Route 38 freeway	freeway	NOUN	that	PRON	 that
It was later discovered that Howard Cotterman boarded a flight to Mexico on April 9, 2007, with a final destination of Sydney, Australia. On April 11, 2007, Agent Owen was able to break the computer security and discovered 378 more images of child pornography	pornography	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
On the second day, the Boys each had to sing a song made famously by a female artist, the Over 25s got styled for a photo shoot and later each had to perform one song, the Girls had to perform choreography to either Adele's " Rolling	Rolling	VERB	in	ADP	 in
Birds in particular were used as a theme due to Hato's fondness for pigeons; however, this was also partially due to Hato's prioritization of writing over illustrating, as the use of bird photographs instead of hand drawn sprites allowed her more freedom to focus on	on	ADP	the	DET	 the
Recorded as part of a series of demos for the Young Charlatans in 1978, it featured Howard on vocals and guitar, Ollie Olsen on guitar, Janine Hall on bass and Jeff Wegener on drums. During sessions for Door, Door at Richmond Recorders in Melbourne in	in	ADP	January	PROPN	 January
Other inventors, such as French inventor Nicolas Grollier de Servière (1596 – 1689), proposed their own variations on Ramelli's design. In contemporary times, the bookwheel is valued for its historical importance, decorative appeal, and symbolic significance. Ramelli's design has	has	AUX	been	AUX	 been
The Matheran Light Railway is a mountain railway near Mumbai, India, and opened in 1905. Unusually for a railway for which Caltrhrop was consulting engineer, it was of 2 ft (610 mm) gauge, with tight curves and 1 in 20 (5%	%	NOUN	)	PUNCT	)
This centre includes new departments in engineering, construction, renewables and science to cater for emerging industries specialising in renewable energy and low carbon technologies as well as provide training for major engineering projects. Glenrothes has a planned road network with original masterplans establishing the principle that "	"	PUNCT	through	ADP	 through
ISSN 1535 3583. Originally hard copy only, now largely online. Newsletter retrieved April 17, 2011, ISSN retrieved September 28, 2011. New Options Newsletter, 75 issues, 1984 – 1992. ISSN 0890 1619. Originally hard copy only, now partially online	online	ADJ	.	PUNCT	.
The proportion of residents who classified themselves as White was 98.9%, a figure higher than the average for the North West (94.4%) and England (90.9%). Those classifying themselves as belonging to ethnic minorities were correspondingly lower than the regional and national	national	ADJ	averages	NOUN	 averages
It is commonly said to date to the early part of Cyrus's reign over Babylon, some time after 539 BC. The British Museum puts the Cylinder's date of origin at between 539 – 530 BC. The surviving inscription on the Cyrus Cylinder consists of 45	45	NUM	lines	NOUN	 lines
Some commanders used the machine guns largely in a static defensive capacity against short and medium range targets, rather than as offensive fire support weapons that could be employed to provide long range fire support. The medium machine guns were also largely utilised in the same manner as	as	ADP	light	ADJ	 light
Within an hour, the routed Ottoman ships had withdrawn into the Dardanelles. The Naval Battle of Lemnos resulted from an Ottoman plan to lure the faster Georgios Averof away from the Dardanelles. The protected cruiser Hamidiye evaded the Greek blockade and broke out into the Aegean sea	sea	NOUN	;	PUNCT	;
The league did not have a set schedule, and instead games were played in " challenge series ", whereby a team held the championship and entertained challengers until the end of the season, a format the league employed until 1893. Under the format, Ottawa lost	lost	VERB	the	DET	 the
This rehabilitation may have been cemented in the composer's mind with the success of his Third Orchestral Suite at its January 1885 premiere in St. Petersburg, under Hans von Bülow's direction. Tchaikovsky wrote to his patroness Nadezhda von Meck: " I have never seen such	such	DET	a	DET	 a
These posthumous credits were from a variety of genres including action, documentaries, drama, horror, martial arts, science fiction, and westerns. In addition to his acting career, Carradine was a director and musician. Moreover, influenced by his most popular acting role	role	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
Goods traffic from the station ceased on 1 June 1964. The main station buildings had been demolished by the 1980s but their foundations can still be seen behind the shelters on the eastbound platform. The shelter on the westbound platform was still present in 1986. In the	the	DET	1980s	NOUN	 1980s
Boost pressure automatically linked to the throttle, coolant air aftercooler between the second stage and the engine. Fuel system: Twin choke updraught Rolls Royce / S.U. carburettor with automatic mixture control. Twin independent fuel pumps. Fuel type: 100 / 130 Octane petrol. Oil	Oil	NOUN	system	NOUN	 system
The movement of the engine's location allowed for better cooling of the vehicle's motor and the fighting compartment, as well as allowing the turret to be moved forward. The vehicle's armor was also increased substantially by between five and ten millimetres. This new tank	tank	NOUN	was	AUX	 was
Alfa Romeo ’ s sportscar derived flat 12 engine had a capacity of 2995 cc and employed fuel injection and electronic ignition. The engine featured a cast magnesium alloy engine block with aluminium alloy crankcase and magnesium or aluminium cylinder heads. There were four gear driven valves per	per	ADP	cylinder	NOUN	 cylinder
A role playing game menu on the screen's bottom left, similar to those found in Final Fantasy games, provides other combat options such as using magic or items, summoning beings to assist in battle, or executing combination attacks with other party members. A new	new	ADJ	feature	NOUN	 feature
Of these, 38 troops were killed and 167 wounded, the remainder were attached South Koreans. The battalion aid station reported treating 130 casualties. Other wounded were treated at the 8th Cavalry aid station. Many men with minor wounds did not ask for medical attention until	until	SCONJ	the	DET	 the
He made his Premier League debut on 15 August in the team's 1 – 1 draw with Liverpool. Chamakh contributed to the team's equalising goal by heading a cross off the goal post, which then redirected off goalkeeper Pepe Reina and into the back of the	the	DET	net	NOUN	 net
Software changes were made to solve the elevators ' problems, and the elevators were installed. Testing would be complete by November. Three ventilation systems were already installed by October 1, 2014, with two more systems to be installed by the end of the month.	.	PUNCT	On	ADP	 On
The Galapagos shark was originally described as Carcharias galapagensis by Robert Evans Snodgrass and Edmund Heller in 1905; subsequent authors moved this species to the genus Carcharhinus. The holotype was a 65 cm (2.13 ft) long fetus from the Galapagos Islands, hence the specific epithet	epithet	NOUN	galapagensis	NOUN	 galapagensis
According to an early God of War script, the character is 6 feet 6 inches (1.98 m) to 6 feet 7 inches (2.01 m). Kratos ' appearance can be altered in bonus play; completing the game at certain levels of difficulty and in	in	ADP	challenge	NOUN	 challenge
A bull terrier costume was also briefly used by the school, but in 1951, the school suspended the football program as part of a larger backlash against university sports. This left the school without a mascot. In 1962, with the resumption of football, students	students	NOUN	Stan	PROPN	 Stan
These are not minor matters by any means, but turn on such issues as Hitler's role in the event, Jewish responses to persecution, and reactions by onlookers both inside and outside Nazi controlled Europe. In contrast, the Holocaust denial movement bases its approach on	on	ADP	the	DET	 the
The committee raised money, forged documents, maintained contacts with intelligence agencies and ran safe houses. Brand testified during Adolf Eichmann's trial that, between 1941 and the invasion in March 1944, they had helped 22,000 – 25,000 Jews reach Hungary. Oskar Schindler became one	one	NUM	of	ADP	 of
And he always does it well. " Coincidentally, Dale's characters in Neighbours, The O.C. and Ugly Betty have all been killed off by a fatal heart attack. Christopher Rosen of The New York Observer wrote in 2008 that " with his square jaw and seemingly	seemingly	ADV	no	DET	 no
In January and February 1554, Wyatt's rebellion broke out; it was soon suppressed. Elizabeth was brought to court, and interrogated regarding her role, and on 18 March, she was imprisoned in the Tower of London. Elizabeth fervently protested her innocence. Though	Though	SCONJ	it	PRON	 it
However, these flag values will contribute to the load factor of the hash table. With this strategy, it may become necessary to clean the flag values out of the array and rehash all the remaining key – value pairs once too large a fraction of the array	array	NOUN	becomes	AUX	 becomes
On 14 January, the 2nd Marines were relieved by the 6th Marine Regiment. The Marines renewed the offensive on 15 January. The Japanese stymied the 8th Marines ' advance along the coast. Inland, however, the 6th Marines were able to successfully advance about 1,500	1,500	NUM	yd	NOUN	 yd
He served three terms as mayor of Romney. As his law career prospered, Flournoy was active in the establishment of The Society of the Ex Confederate Soldiers in Hampshire County. The society's missions were to obtain an accurate roster of Confederate veterans and to collect and	and	CCONJ	preserve	VERB	 preserve
From there, the road travels eastward through farm country on Pigeon Road. The highway follows a direct course over the Pigeon River to the village of Pigeon, when M 142 turns south on Main Street to exit town. South of town, the Pigeon Road name	name	NOUN	resumes	VERB	 resumes
A resemblance has been pointed out between the group of the bird and the two nearest figures and a type of depiction of the Trinity found in Early Netherlandish painting, where the Holy Spirit is represented by a dove, to which God the Father (the philosopher)	)	PUNCT	points	NOUN	 points
" The New Statesman's Laura Sneddon noted that Dredd passed the Bechdel test, lacking in sexism or misogyny and positively portraying female characters who are no weaker, more sexualised or shown less than their male counterparts. Sneddon described Anderson as repeatedly shown to have power over	over	ADP	men	NOUN	 men
According to Bell's Life, Cambridge were slight favourites. Oxford won the toss and elected to commence closest to the Middlesex shore of the river. After a close start, the Cambridge boat started to draw away and by Vauxhall Bridge were " several boats ' lengths	lengths	NOUN	"	PUNCT	 "
Grant tried to find a seat in the third camera car in the motorcade — the one reserved for local photographers — but it was full; he was then given a spot in the second camera car. Too far back to capture the shooting in Dealey Plaza,	,	PUNCT	Grant	PROPN	 Grant
Rommel garrisoned these positions, reinforcing the battlegroup and ordering it onto the defensive. The Tobruk garrison — although isolated by land — continued to receive supplies from the Royal Navy and Rommel was unable to take the port. This failure was significant; his front line positions	positions	NOUN	at	ADP	 at
Her character was inspired by Malini Chib, Bose's cousin. In an interview with the Times of India, Koechlin acknowledged that the role was the most challenging of her film career, and she took six months off her filming schedule to prepare for it. She	She	PRON	underwent	VERB	 underwent
The initial concept of the game featured the flying character in a rendered 2D sprite art, with side scrolling features similar to Sonic the Hedgehog. The team were at first hesitant to switch the game from 2D to 3D, as Naka was sceptical that appealing characters could	could	AUX	be	AUX	 be
Erika Ramirez and Jason Lipshutz writing for Billboard magazine felt that the group " cemented their street and chart credibility " with the song. Another reviewer from the same magazine felt that the band's " personal transition from teen dom to womanhood " was most evident on "	"	PUNCT	Soldier	NOUN	 Soldier
" Brian Lowry, writing for Variety, found the episode to be " OK ", finding some dialogue to be " a little precious and clunky " and feeling the plot to be " yet another twist on a procedural, albeit with a few mythological elements to	to	PART	sweeten	VERB	 sweeten
Carpenter divided his command, with Nolan with his company and Texas Rangers on one route, while he took the rest of the command on another route. On August 13, Nolan reached the Rio Grande where Indian scouts reported that Victorio had crossed the border into Mexico	Mexico	PROPN	the	DET	 the
There is no record of Boreel's obtaining the codex, but it is generally believed that he brought it to the Netherlands from one of his travels to the Middle East. The connection to Boreel is indicated by Wettstein, who was given a partial collation of the	the	DET	codex	NOUN	 codex
She writes about African art and " the importance of understanding both the historical truth of the African American experience and the art that truth inspired ". She salutes Black women, calling them " precious jewels all ", and profiles her friend Oprah Winfrey, who she	she	PRON	compares	VERB	 compares
Chicago's wide receiver duo of Marshall and Alshon Jeffery should also be utilized, as Joe Haden and Buster Skrine are at a size mismatch (Marshall is 5 inches and 40 pounds larger than Haden, while Jeffery is 6 inches and 30 pounds heavier than Skrine)	)	PUNCT	.	PUNCT	.
It was one of fourteen boats ordered under the 1942 Programme, and was one of the five which were completed. Unlike some of the earlier boats of its class, it was not equipped with a 4 inch gun with a full shield, rather than a standard	standard	ADJ	open	ADJ	 open
Christine (Smith) arrives home to her flat with Adam (Riley), whom she has just met at a New Year's party. Thirteen months later, it is Valentine's Day and Christine chats with her flatmate Fung (Liu) at home. Christine	Christine	PROPN	is	AUX	 is
The defeat of the VRS also made it clear to the Bosnian Serb leadership that they had to commit to ending the war through negotiations or risk the capture of Banja Luka. In addition, the offensive proved decisive in halting the VRS counteroffensive against the ARBiH near Ključ	Ključ	PROPN	and	CCONJ	 and
He scored 30 goals in 51 games for the Hertfordshire outfit during the 2008 – 09 season, and captained the side for the majority of the campaign. His season got off to a bad start, however, with Stevenage losing 5 – 0 away to Wrexham;	;	PUNCT	a	DET	 a
While the US X Corps was being evacuated from the eastern front, the US Eighth Army had already retreated to the 38th parallel on the western front in the aftermath of the Battle of the Ch ' ongch ' on River. With the entire UN front collapsing,	,	PUNCT	the	DET	 the
However, iron and vitamin supplements only infrequently improve the ulceration. The relationship to vitamin B12 deficiency has been the subject of many studies. Although these studies found that 0 – 42% of those with recurrent ulcers suffer from vitamin B12 deficiency, an association with deficiency	deficiency	NOUN	is	AUX	 is
Similarly, Midre Lovenbreen retreated 200 m (660 ft) between 1977 and 1995. In the Novaya Zemlya archipelago north of Russia, research indicates that in 1952 there was 208 km (129 mi) of glacier ice along the coast. By 1993 this had been	been	AUX	reduced	VERB	 reduced
Rutherfurd is buried along with her husband in Green Township, New Jersey. Following Roosevelt's death, his administration concealed from the press the fact that Rutherfurd had been present during his death, fearing the scandal that would ensue. Shoumatoff's presence became known, and	and	CCONJ	she	PRON	 she
Female rapper MC Lyte has campaigned for the reinstatement of the female specific category and believes that " it destroys [hip hop] culture to not have the perspective of a woman ". Bill Freimuth, Recording Academy Vice President of Awards, claimed that the category was	was	AUX	eliminated	VERB	 eliminated
On the following day, elements of the U.S. 1st Air Cavalry division entered what came to be known as " The City ", southwest of Snoul. The two square mile PAVN complex contained over 400 thatched huts, storage sheds, and bunkers, each of which	which	PRON	was	AUX	 was
Smoking, lack of exercise, unhealthy eating habits, and work related injuries also contribute to the driver's generally risk prone lifestyle. A survey by the National Institutes of Health found 67 percent of long haul drivers were smokers or had quit smoking. In 2006,	,	PUNCT	the	DET	 the
This location, combined with the great relief found within the Park, supports vegetation typical of three biotic life zones: the lower Sonoran, the Canadian, and the Arctic / Alpine in portions of the Panamint Range. Based on the Munz and Keck (1968)	)	PUNCT	classifications	NOUN	 classifications
In late 1996, as Sunrise Home Health Care prepared to buy the Southworth House, Cleveland City Council provided over $250,000 to help purchase and renovate the property. Architects Scott and Analia Dimit began a restoration of the house for developer Michael Chesler, and continued to	to	PART	guide	VERB	 guide
The distribution of the eggs suggests that they had a long term colonial nesting site at the Khermeen Tsav locality in the Barun Goyot Formation. At the Bayn Dzak locality, the eggs are typically arranged in clutches, whereas elsewhere they are scattered randomly, each oriented nearly	nearly	ADV	vertically	ADV	 vertically
German forces in Stalingrad soon began to run out of supplies, some soldiers were forced to live on horse meat. By the end of 1942, the distance between the German 6th Army and forces outside of the encirclement was over 65 km (40 mi),	,	PUNCT	and	CCONJ	 and
This strategy did not last long, and at Thunderfield Æthelstan returned to the hard line, softened by raising the minimum age for the death penalty to fifteen " because he thought it too cruel to kill so many young people and for such small crimes as he understood	understood	VERB	to	PART	 to
A port for the Nintendo Entertainment System had to be reworked heavily, in response to complaints by Nintendo of America that the game was inappropriate for children. Maniac Mansion was critically acclaimed: reviewers lauded its graphics, cutscenes, animation and humor. Writer Orson Scott Card	Card	PROPN	praised	VERB	 praised
Another law specified that anyone accused of murder required at least one high ranking person among his " oath helpers ". An oath helper would swear an oath on behalf of an accused man, to clear him from the suspicion of the crime. Ine's requirement implies	implies	VERB	that	SCONJ	 that
From about the 1940s to the 1990s, family trees based on embryological and morphological features placed lophophorates among or as a sister group to the deuterostomes, a super phylum that includes chordates and echinoderms. In the early development of their embryos, deuterostomes form the anus before	before	ADP	the	DET	 the
He also wanted to display a real, modern truancy problem for Japanese students with the game's cast of underground dwellers. Norikazu Yasunaga designed many of the game's mechanics. According to Kimura, " for efficient procedure, [Yasunaga] set it up so that	that	SCONJ	the	DET	 the
" Bridget D ' Oyly Carte, however, believed that the Wykehamist schoolboy described to Wodehouse was not her father but his elder brother Lucas, who was also at Winchester College. Rupert D ' Oyly Carte was " shy, reserved and at times distinctly taciturn.	.	PUNCT	"	PUNCT	 "
As it lunges at Tintin, the flash bulb of Tintin's camera accidentally goes off, and scares the Yeti away. Chang tells Tintin that the Yeti saved his life after the crash. Upon returning to inhabited lands, the friends are surprised to be met by	by	ADP	the	DET	 the
After 1974, Harrison no longer wrote songs as obviously Krishna devotional as " It Is ' He ' (Jai Sri Krishna) ", although he returned to recording bhajans intermittently, with songs such as " Dear One " in 1976 and " Life Itself, released	released	VERB	in	ADP	 in
By then, the Asamblea del Año XIII had approved the use of Belgrano's flag as the national war flag. Belgrano then went on a diplomatic mission to Europe along with Bernardino Rivadavia to seek support for the revolutionary government. He returned in time to take part	part	NOUN	in	ADP	 in
Her first volume of poetry, Just Give Me a Cool Drink of Water ' fore I Diiie (1971), was nominated for a Pulitzer Prize. In 1993, she recited one of her best known poems, " On the Pulse of Morning ", at	at	ADP	the	DET	 the
Mujaddid Ijaz collaborated with notable physicists and mathematicians throughout his 27 year career. Most notable among these were his collaborations with Abdus Salam whose groundbreaking work in electroweak interactions together with American physicists Steven Weinberg and Sheldon Glashow earned them the Nobel Prize in Physics in 1979. In	In	ADP	1976	NUM	 1976
Pierce had wanted to organize the Nebraska Territory without explicitly addressing the matter of slavery, but Douglas could not get enough southern support to accomplish this. Pierce was skeptical of the bill, knowing it would result in bitter opposition from the North. Douglas and Davis convinced	convinced	VERB	him	PRON	 him
Throughout his journey, Harry encounters puzzles such as mechanisms, which reward either a key required to progress or a bonus memento. In the Wii version, the Wii Remote is used for puzzle solving and to control the flashlight and cell phone. The game occasionally shifts	shifts	VERB	to	ADP	 to
For example, if the frequency p for allele A is 75% and the frequency q for allele B is 25%, then given unlimited time the probability A will ultimately become fixed in the population is 75% and the probability that B will become fixed is	is	AUX	25	NUM	 25
He later stated that in giving Rose a mother, a boyfriend and a " sad story with her father " the character has " her own mythology, to match the Doctor. " Lindy A. Orthia observes that Rose, like the other companions in Davies ' era	era	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
On 27 September of the same year, East Timor joined the United Nations as its 191st member state. The bulk of the military forces of INTERFET were Australian — more than 5,500 troops at its peak, including an infantry brigade, with armoured and aviation support —	—	PUNCT	while	SCONJ	 while
After the framework was completed in the field, it was taken apart, loaded onto the same ox carts used to bring the logs to the mill, and taken to the bridge site. There the framework was reassembled on the bridge abutments. Bolts were used to	to	PART	hold	VERB	 hold
The plot follows Remy, who dreams of becoming a chef and tries to achieve his goal by forming an alliance with a Parisian restaurant's garbage boy. Development of Ratatouille began in 2000 when Pinkava wrote the original concepts of the film. In 2005, Bird was	was	AUX	approached	VERB	 approached
With a battle plan in order, Lee sent a draft to his lieutenants, written by his chief of staff, Col. Robert Chilton (see right box). The orders were not well crafted, however, since they designated the yell of a single charging	charging	VERB	brigade	NOUN	 brigade
It opens with a black and white scene of Stefani lying on the ground in a long white gown. In the next scene, Stefani is shown walking on the street under red street lights and then holds her love interest, played by her tour backup dancer Steelo	Steelo	PROPN	Vazquez	PROPN	 Vazquez
Slash, who recorded his part in one take, played on the Lukather / Stan Lynch composition " Broken Heart for Christmas ". Lukather spoke highly of Slash after the project, calling him the " Keith Richards of our generation ". Well known session guitarist Michael	Michael	PROPN	Landau	PROPN	 Landau
Gilbert read the piece to Sullivan in February 1875, and the composer was delighted with it; Trial by Jury was composed and staged in a matter of weeks. The piece is one of Gilbert's humorous spoofs of the law and the legal profession, based on	on	ADP	his	PRON	 his
He was introduced on 25 July 2011 as an extension to the Moon family. The son of Eddie Moon (David Essex), half brother of Michael Moon (Steve John Shepherd) and brother of Tyler Moon (Tony Discipline), his storylines have focused on	on	ADP	the	DET	 the
In the end, the operation cost the German government more than 100 million marks. Following her return from China, Wörth was taken into the drydocks at the Kaiserliche Werft (Imperial Dockyard) in Wilhelmshaven for an overhaul that lasted from 14 to 17 August. She	She	PRON	then	ADV	 then
Foma, impatient and ambitious, resigns and leaves Andrei's group to take up the offer of painting a smaller, less prestigious, church. Stone carvers and decorators of Andrei's party have also been working on the Grand Prince's mansion. The Prince wants the	the	DET	work	NOUN	 work
The same year, he portrayed professor Ramchandra Siras, in Hansal Mehta's biographical drama Aligarh. The story followed the life of a homosexual professor who was expelled from Aligarh Muslim University because of his sexuality. Bajpayee watched a few clippings of Siras to prepare for his	his	PRON	role	NOUN	 role
Henderson played his first two NHL games against the Toronto Maple Leafs, with only one shift in each game. In his first game, Henderson elbowed Dick Duff in the head, sparking a fight. He spent the rest of the game on the bench after several	several	ADJ	Toronto	PROPN	 Toronto
Reuben and Ellen had three sons – Reuben P. Boise, Jr., Whitney L., and Fisher A. – before Ellen died in 1865. Also in 1851, he was appointed by Oregon Supreme Court justice Orville C. Pratt as a district attorney. In 1852, he	he	PRON	purchased	VERB	 purchased
Rob Lowe as Chris Traeger, a state auditor who comes to Pawnee to evaluate the town's funds. Jim Meskimen as Martin Housely, an MC at many special events throughout Pawnee. Natalie Morales as Lucy, a bartender and love interest for Tom. Megan Mullally	Mullally	PROPN	as	ADP	 as
To defend against this threat, it was decided to conduct further attacks against the battleship at her anchorage in Kaafjord at the time of the next series of Arctic convoys. In reality, the German Navy was not planning to use Tirpitz offensively as she would be very	very	ADV	vulnerable	ADJ	 vulnerable
DeCandido gave " Datalore " a score of four out of ten. Cast member Wil Wheaton watched the episode for AOL TV in December 2007. While he credited the art direction of the episode, he criticised the story, saying that " it comes down to lazy	lazy	ADJ	writing	NOUN	 writing
' " " New Slang " achieved a new level of cultural significance when it was prominently featured in the film Garden State (2004). In a scene from the film, Sam (portrayed by Natalie Portman) tells Andrew Largeman (played by director Zach Braff	Braff	PROPN	)	PUNCT	)
It is one of cycling's oldest races, and is one of the ' Monuments ' or classics of the European calendar, and contributes points towards the UCI World Ranking. The Paris – Roubaix is famous for rough terrain and cobblestones (setts), being,	,	PUNCT	with	ADP	 with
Nationals ' pitching coach Steve McCatty told Clippard that his future was pitching in relief, because his pitch count tended to get too high in starts, and opposing batters hit Clippard well by the third time the lineup turned over in a game. Clippard at first resisted	resisted	VERB	the	DET	 the
The first part of the plan was accomplished when Mondragón took the towns of Kerpen, Erkelenz and Straelen between 7 and 15 January. On 24 January, Farnese moved to attack the States General army, which was at Weert, east of Antwerp. Outnumbered, François	François	PROPN	de	PROPN	 de
She was the youngest child of Robin Rochester Jaques (1897 – 1923), a serviceman in the British Army and later the Royal Air Force, and Mary Jaques (née Thorne), a nurse who served in the Voluntary Aid Detachment (VAD). The	The	DET	Jaques	PROPN	 Jaques
It continues through the mostly residential community to the business district in the heart of the village, which NY 408 enters from the southwest on Chapel Street and leaves to the northeast on State Street. In between Chapel and State streets, NY 36 and NY 408 overlap	overlap	NOUN	for	ADP	 for
However I reckon they clash quite a lot because she manipulates with her power play and won't drop the act so it would be very much on a love hate basis. " The two characters went on to have a brief sexual relationship, resulting in Connie becoming	becoming	VERB	pregnant	ADJ	 pregnant
They spent the majority of their time at Corfu to prevent the Austro Hungarian fleet from attempting to break out of the Adriatic. The fleet's presence was also intended to intimidate Greece, which had become increasingly hostile to the Triple Entente. Later in the war,	,	PUNCT	men	NOUN	 men
Fitzsimmons was responsible for a sequence of waves, sixteen frames to be cycled over McCay's drawings. McCay provided illustrations during the day for the newspapers of William Randolph Hearst, and spent his off hours at home drawing the cels for the film, which he took	took	VERB	to	ADP	 to
However, there are a limited amount of hint coins, and the game recommends they be used wisely. The player starts with ten hint coins, but more can be obtained by thorough investigation of the village. In order to solve a puzzle, the player must	must	AUX	input	VERB	 input
X Japan's first domestic tour of Japan in 20 years began with three consecutive dates at Yokohama Arena on December 2, continued with Osaka jō Hall on December 7, Marine Messe Fukuoka on December 9, Hiroshima Green Arena on December 11, and finished on December	December	PROPN	14	NUM	 14
Soon after takeoff the airliner was directed into airway " Victor 8, " on a route that took it east over Ontario, California, and then northeast toward Las Vegas. The crew flew the DC 7 under instrument flight rules, controlled by Civil Aeronautics Authority (	(	PUNCT	CAA	PROPN	CAA
The three ships, representing France during the celebrations and commanded by Admiral Jules le Pord, were the first foreign ships to arrive. The ships departed from Brest and reached New York seven days later, having run at an average of 16 knots (30 km /	/	SYM	h	PROPN	 h
In the following years the relationship between Holopainen and Turunen's husband and manager Marcelo Cabuli deteriorated. This had an impact on the relationship between Holopainen and Turunen as well. At a band meeting after the concert in Oberhausen in December 2004 Turunen announced to the band members	members	NOUN	that	PRON	 that
At the time, al Rahba was the center of the Euphrates province and headquarters of its governor, Ibn Sima. Al Husayn was executed, prompting his partisans from the Banu Ullays tribe to submit to Ibn Sima in al Rahba in early 904. However, shortly	shortly	ADV	after	ADV	 after
The four highways cross the Beaver River once again before entering that city, Texas County's seat and the largest city in the Panhandle. In Guymon, US 64 splits away to the east, while US 412 and State Highways 3 and 136 continue south, turning	turning	VERB	back	ADV	 back
Among leading singers who have issued recordings are the sopranos Emma Kirkby and Véronique Gens, and the mezzo sopranos Janet Baker and Anne Sofie von Otter. At least eight versions of the libretto were published between 1608 and 1640. The following is a list of the known	known	VERB	editions	NOUN	 editions
The ratio of plutonium 239 to uranium at the Cigar Lake Mine uranium deposit ranges from 2.4 × 10 − 12 to 44 × 10 − 12. Even smaller amounts of primordial plutonium 244 occur naturally due to its relatively long half life of about 80 million years.	.	PUNCT	These	DET	 These
Taxiride's third album, Axiomatic, was released on 5 September 2005, shortly after the first single, " Oh Yeah ". It would be the only song to chart from the album, reaching number 40 in Australia. To support the album, the band	band	NOUN	toured	VERB	 toured
MSNBC said the character is " always fighting a battle, an internal struggle as to whether the life he led was worthy of pride or shame ". Portrayer Adewale Akinnuoye Agbaje explained Mr. Eko's dedication to pushing the button in the hatch with seeing the hatch as	as	ADP	the	DET	 the
The freeway is bordered by residential subdivisions to the southeast and woodlands to the northwest. M 14 curves around to the east through an interchange that has ramps that connect Miller and Maple roads; the ramps connect to Maple Road through a pair of roundabouts. As it	it	PRON	approaches	VERB	 approaches
The notion that this was due to McCain's POW days caused Admiral James Stockdale, a fellow former POW and 1992 vice presidential candidate for Ross Perot, to write an op ed piece for The New York Times, " John McCain in the Crucible ". In	In	ADP	it	PRON	 it
During the 1972 campaign, Cole served as Ohio chair of a future voters organization for the Nixon campaign. She then left politics, devoting her spare time to training and showing horses. In 1974, Cole declined to comment on the resignation of President Nixon in the	the	DET	wake	NOUN	 wake
Reproductions were featured on a variety of products, including cigar bands, postcards, bottle openers, statuettes, watch fobs, and candy boxes; the model was also popular as a tattoo. September Morn was the first nude used for calendars, and by the late	late	ADJ	1950s	NOUN	 1950s
The American Film Institute named Inside Man as one of the top ten films of 2006. Empire gave the film 4 out of 5 stars with the verdict, " It ’ s certainly a Spike Lee film, but no Spike Lee Joint. Still, he ’	’	PUNCT	s	AUX	 s
Andrew Reiner from Game Informer considered that the game's cinematic as " towering achievements of visual design ". Brad Shoemaker from Giant Bomb thought that the graphics had successfully surprised players. The game's gameplay received polarized reception. Marc Camron from Electronic Gaming Monthly called it	it	PRON	"	PUNCT	 "
While centered over North Carolina, Danny interacted with a developing trough, which caused it to re intensify into a tropical storm. Shortly thereafter, Danny emerged over the Atlantic Ocean near the North Carolina / Virginia border on July 24. Danny took a northward turn,	,	PUNCT	and	CCONJ	 and
Low back pain causes disability in a larger percentage of the workforce in Canada, Great Britain, the Netherlands and Sweden than in the US or Germany. Workers who experience acute low back pain as a result of a work injury may be asked by their employers to	to	PART	have	VERB	 have
The extent of the consequences would not be known until early in Jim Dutcher's eleven season tenure as Gophers head coach. Clem Haskins was hired as the Gopher basketball coach in 1986, expected to clean up and rebuild the Gopher program which had been torn apart by	by	ADP	the	DET	 the
Additional chemotherapy was ineffective and Cassidy died on November 2, 1996 at her family's home in Bowie, Maryland. In accordance with her wishes, her body was cremated and the ashes were scattered on the lake shores of St. Mary's River Watershed Park, a	a	DET	nature	NOUN	 nature
From 1928 to 1932, the hotel was owned by the Van Noy Railway News and Hotel Company. In 1941, Hernando Courtright, the vice president of the Bank of America, purchased the hotel with friends including Irene Dunne, Loretta Young and Harry Warner. Courtright	Courtright	PROPN	established	VERB	 established
" The film's opening weekend take of $33.7 million ranks in the top ten for January. The Devil Inside went on to make over $50 million domestically and almost that much abroad to break $100 million in total receipts. The success of both films	films	NOUN	outside	ADV	 outside
The highway extends 42.03 miles (67.64 km), from Trenton at an intersection with U.S. Route 1 and Route 129 to an intersection with Route 71 in Neptune Township. The speed limit on Route 33 differs in zones. The highest is 55 mph (85 km	km	NOUN	/	SYM	 /
The rocks containing the fossils are on the border between two partially overlapping bands of rock that run along the western face of the Canadian Rockies. On the eastern side of this border is the Cathedral Formation, a platform of limestone formed by algae. The western surface	surface	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
An Alsos Mission team including Pash and Calvert reached Joliot Curie's house in the Paris suburbs on 24 August to find that he was not there, but at his laboratory at the Collège de France. The next day they reached the Porte d'Orléans where they encountered troops	troops	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
Daphne du Maurier was pleased with the adaptation of her story, and wrote to Nicolas Roeg to congratulate him for capturing the essence of John and Laura's relationship. The film was not received well by Venetians, particularly the councillors who were afraid it would scare away	away	ADP	tourists	NOUN	 tourists
Edward IV seized power in 1461. When Edward captured Henry's wife, Margaret of Anjou, she was brought back to be detained at the castle. Edward began to revive the Order of the Garter, and held a particularly lavish feast in 1472. Edward began	began	VERB	the	DET	 the
Nigersaurus was named and described in more detail by Sereno and colleagues only in 1999, based on remains of newly found individuals. The same article also named Jobaria, another sauropod from Niger. The genus name Nigersaurus (" Niger reptile ") is a reference to	to	ADP	the	DET	 the
The album is rooted in Americana themes, with Bob Dylan, Bruce Springsteen and Elvis Presley being cited as influences. Arcade Fire began recording with what would become " Black Mirror " and a reworking of the Arcade Fire EP song " No Cars Go " as their	their	PRON	starting	NOUN	 starting
Holofcener's first choice as Albert was Louis C.K., who read part of the script but was not interested in the role. Gandolfini did not feel that he was right for the part, but Holofcener later described him as " perfect ". Catherine Keener, who	who	PRON	played	VERB	 played
In 2004 and 2005, two state level class action suits were filed against Apple in New York and California alleging the first, second, and third generation iPod music players sold prior to May 2004 did not have the battery life represented and / or that the battery	battery	NOUN	's	PART	's
It's a pretty good way to write songs. " Danko told Dylan biographer Howard Sounes, " Bob and Robbie, they would come by every day, five to seven days a week, for seven to eight months. " Hudson added, " It amazed	amazed	VERB	me	PRON	 me
Within Leonardo's lifetime, his extraordinary powers of invention, his " outstanding physical beauty ", " infinite grace ", " great strength and generosity ", " regal spirit and tremendous breadth of mind ", as described by Vasari, as well as all other	other	ADJ	aspects	NOUN	 aspects
In this episode, Barney had blonde hair which was the same color as his skin, but that was later dropped because of the belief that only the Simpson family should have such hair. Seymour Skinner, Milhouse Van Houten, Sherri and Terri, Moe Szyslak,	,	PUNCT	Mr.	PROPN	 Mr.
There are also large numbers of vitrified forts, which have been subjected to fire, many of which may date to this period. After Roman occupation in the early Middle Ages some hillforts were reoccupied and petty kingdoms were often ruled from smaller nucleated forts using defensible natural	natural	ADJ	features	NOUN	 features
It was written by Drake along with Anthony Palma and Noah Shebib, who produced the song under his production name " 40 ". The song heavily samples " I Have Nothing " performed by Whitney Houston and written by David Foster and Linda Thompson Jenner, who received	received	VERB	writing	VERB	 writing
Control of regional mines and resources became increasingly dominated by national corporations rather than local people and organizations, diverting capital outside of Spokane and decreasing growth and investment opportunities in the city. During this time of stagnation, unrest was prevalent among the area's unemployed, who	who	PRON	became	AUX	 became
" The Board determines that the probable cause of this accident was unintentional movement of No. 4 throttle into the reverse range just before breaking ground, with the other three engines operating at high power output, which resulted in the aircraft very quickly becoming uncontrollable once airborne	airborne	ADJ	.	PUNCT	.
. According to Sean Watkins, the song was written by Thile " from the point of view of a friend ". Unlike the first four songs on the album, the song received mixed reviews. Being There called it " nothing more than a generic ballad with	with	ADP	little	ADJ	 little
In comparison, the Sun has an age of 4.6 billion years. The binary system's apparent magnitude, or how bright it appears from Earth's perspective, is 24. It is far too dim to be seen with the naked eye. The origin of this	this	DET	pulsar	PROPN	 pulsar
His lack of involvement with the Test squad allowed him to return to Victoria to lead them in a losing cause in the Ford Ranger Cup final, a narrow 12 run loss to Queensland. Draws against Tasmania and Queensland, set up another Queensland – Victoria final,	,	PUNCT	this	DET	 this
The US 240 freeway was extended south to MD 28 in Rockville in 1956, and MD 355 was subsequently extended south along the former alignment to the MD 28 intersection in Rockville. Also, the US 240 freeway was completed from US 15 north to US 40.	.	PUNCT	In	ADP	 In
The group were strongly opposed to commercial bootlegging, policing stores that sold them, while the saturation of tapes among fans suppressed any demand for product. In 1985, the Dead, after years of tolerance, officially endorsed live taping of their shows, and set up	up	ADP	dedicated	ADJ	 dedicated
" Adrien Begrand of PopMatters in his review of the album, noted the song as the " best ballad " off X & Y. In 2005, the song appeared at number two on Q magazine's " 100 Greatest Tracks of the Year ", and was listed	listed	VERB	as	ADP	 as
UND is known for its John D. Odegard School of Aerospace Sciences which includes an Air Traffic Control Training program that in October 2009 was ranked No.1 in the nation for the second consecutive year by the FAA. UND and North Dakota State University make up the Red River	River	PROPN	Valley	PROPN	 Valley
The store was initially called " Beagle Boys " after the Disney Beagle Boys, but Potter dropped the ' B ' after a few months in operation, worrying that the naming may have been a copyright infringement. Potter went on to build the business and become CEO	CEO	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
It debuted at number 17 on the Billboard 200, at number 10 on the UK albums chart, peaked at number three on Billboard's Independent Albums chart and topped the Alternative Albums chart. Garbage decided to take a hiatus in 2005, following the troubled production of	of	ADP	their	PRON	 their
Some of the major topics in this field are social inequality, group dynamics, prejudice, aggression, social perception, group behaviour, social change, non verbal behaviour, socialisation, conformity, leadership, and social identity. Social psychology may be taught with psychological emphasis	emphasis	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
In 1995, a parliamentary commission issued a report through the National Assembly of France that categorized the Raelian Movement (Mouvement Raëlien) as a secte (French word for " cult "), but did not give reasons for this classification. In 1997, a parliamentary	parliamentary	ADJ	inquiry	NOUN	 inquiry
There is no podium as such at the race. Instead a section of the track is closed after the race to act as parc fermé, a place where the cars are held for official inspection. The first three drivers in the race leave their cars there and	and	CCONJ	walk	VERB	 walk
Loch Leven Castle was strengthened in the 14th or early 15th century, by the addition of the five storey tower house or keep. According to Historic Scotland, it is of the 14th century, making it one of the oldest tower houses in Scotland which still substantially	substantially	ADV	survives	VERB	 survives
On 1 July 1927, a separate restaurant building with place for 700 diners opened. Open only during summer until September, it was aimed at cruise ship tourists who took the line from Åndalsnes to Bjorli. Operated by Norsk Spisevognselskap, it was highly profitable. However	However	ADV	,	PUNCT	,
In return, Jack vows to give Blackbeard the chalices and lead him to the Fountain; Blackbeard agrees, and Gibbs is set free with the compass. At the Fountain, Blackbeard's crew are confronted by Barbossa and his men and they battle while Barbossa and Blackbeard	Blackbeard	PROPN	fight	NOUN	 fight
These weekend trips began to interfere with Jordan's scheduled visits with his father, with Jordan preferring to visit Neverland. In May 1993, when Jackson and Jordan stayed with Chandler, he urged Jackson to spend more time with his son at his house and even suggested	suggested	VERB	that	SCONJ	 that
Sweden went on to win the gold medal, defeating Finland in the final. Näslund was known as a highly skilled offensive player with good skating and puck handling abilities. The most prominent aspect of his game was his wrist shot, which was known to be one	one	NUM	of	ADP	 of
It has been home to Luton Town Football Club since 1905 when they left Dunstable Road. The ground has also hosted women's and youth international matches. The 10,356 all seater stadium is situated in Bury Park, one mile (1.6 km) west of the centre	centre	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
Such gangs were common; around 250,000 youths traveled the country by hopping trains or hitchhiking in search of better economic circumstances in the early 1930s. Complicating matters for the studios, the advent of sound film in 1927 required an immense expenditure in sound stages, recording booths	booths	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
Between them, Yakumo and Iwate fired 89 eight- and 278 six inch shells during the engagement. Iwate was struck 17 times, over the course of the entire battle, including hits that burst in the water alongside. She was, however, only lightly damaged by	by	ADP	two	NUM	 two
Herne Mill, a late 18th century Kentish smock mill overlooking the village of Herne from a hilltop, is usually open to visitors on Sunday afternoons between April and September. A concrete funnel shaped water tower overlooks Herne Bay from the top of Mickleburgh Hill. This water	water	NOUN	tower	NOUN	 tower
In December, Garfield was ordered to bring the 42nd to Kentucky, where they joined the Army of the Ohio under Brigadier General Don Carlos Buell. Buell quickly assigned Garfield the task of driving Confederate forces out of eastern Kentucky, giving him the 18th Brigade for the	the	DET	campaign	NOUN	 campaign
In 1957 she was made managing editor of both Amazing and Fantastic, doing the administrative chores and reading unsolicited manuscripts; and at the end of 1958 she became editor, replacing Fairman, who left to edit Ellery Queen's Mystery Magazine. Goldsmith (who became Cele	Cele	PROPN	Lalli	PROPN	 Lalli
At lap 115, Stewart led Biffle on the restart. During lap 121, Edwards passed Biffle to claim second, as Stewart increased his lead. Ten laps later, Harvick moved up to the sixth position. On lap 138, Dale Earnhardt, Jr. claimed the	the	DET	seventh	ADJ	 seventh
In the 1960s the Broadwater Beach Resort found its glory years. Hosting movie stars, leading politicians, and top business figures, as well as people on vacation, it became the Gulf Coast's flagship resort. During this decade, the iconic and colorfully lit Broadwater	Broadwater	PROPN	Beach	PROPN	 Beach
Morikawa Kaichirō, an author and lecturer at Meiji University, identified this as the origin of its contemporary usage. Another claim for the origin of the term comes from the works of science fiction author Motoko Arai, who used the word in her novels as a second	second	ADJ	person	NOUN	 person
During his tenure in Congress, he procured federal funds for the construction of I 94 through his district. The first attempt to name the highway after him failed in 1991, but the honor was included in a budget bill passed in 1997. The section of I	I	PROPN	94	NUM	 94
At Changsha, Mao came under the influence of Sun's newspaper, The People's Independence (Minli bao), penning his first political essay, which he stuck to the school wall; later admitting it was " somewhat muddled ", it involved the creation of	of	ADP	a	DET	 a
However, IV is the only recommended route in Australasian and British practice. Oral acetylcysteine is given as a 140 mg / kg loading dose followed by 70 mg / kg every four hours for 17 more doses, and if the patient vomits within 1 hour of dose	dose	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
Writing for Rock's Backpages, The Rev. Al Friston described the album as " loaded with golden loveliness at every twist and turn ", in comparison to the group's " essentially unconvincing work on New Adventures in Hi Fi and Up. " Similarly, Rob Sheffield	Sheffield	PROPN	of	ADP	 of
Altgens was met by Lovelady's wife, who told him her husband would never agree to be interviewed. The couple had moved several times, she explained, but still suffered break ins by people who wanted the shirt Lovelady wore when Kennedy was shot. Altgens also	also	ADV	recalled	VERB	 recalled
The canal was proposed to cover about ten miles following the course of the River Ugie. Pitfour's canal is sometimes called the St Fergus and River Ugie Canal. Ferguson had thought about building the canal since 1793, but it was never completed because of " difficulties	difficulties	NOUN	in	ADP	 in
He felt generally " overwhelmed " by the all female household. Debra and Kim would go on to become All Americans at Louisiana Tech and Stephen F. Austin, respectively. Debra won two national titles with the Lady Techsters. While attending South Oak Cliff High School,	,	PUNCT	Rodman	PROPN	 Rodman
The recent editions of Paris – Roubaix had been won in various ways. Seven of the previous ten editions had been won by riders who had made solo breakaways; the most recent of these was Niki Terpstra in 2014. Other editions had been won in small group	group	NOUN	sprints	NOUN	 sprints
Not all of these products and services have been successful; in 1992, Burger King introduced limited table service featuring special dinner platters, but this concept failed to generate interest and was discontinued. The company introduced the first iteration of its breakfast menu, along with the	the	DET	company	NOUN	 company
A national federation such as Alpine Canada handles classification for domestic competitions. For para Nordic skiing events, classification is handled by IPC Nordic Skiing Technical Committee on the international level and by the national sports federation such as Cross Country Canada on a country by country level.	.	PUNCT	When	SCONJ	 When
The Box Grove Bypass was constructed by the town beginning in 2005 and opened in the spring of 2007, partially utilizing the Donald Cousens Parkway alignment along the north side of the CP Havelock railway subdivision. Construction of the Box Grove Collector Road, between the Box Grove	Grove	PROPN	Bypass	PROPN	 Bypass
The lavish variety entertainment Dioclesian, adapted by Betterton, with many monsters, dragons, and machines, from Massinger and Fletcher's History of Dioclesian, was very popular throughout the 1690s and made a lot of money for the United Company. So did Dryden's much	much	ADV	more	ADV	 more
Gunpowder canisters were ignited to create rocket jets. The wires that electronically fired the rockets also allowed a member of the crew, holding a cruciform and positioned on an overhead gantry, to " fly " the model over the set. By far the most unwieldy model	model	NOUN	was	AUX	 was
Another pitfall trap form unrelated to the Sarraceniaceae family are the urns of bromeliad leaves that are formed when leaves are tightly packed together in a rosette, collecting water and trapping insects. Unlike Brocchinia reducta, which has been proven to produce at least one digestive enzyme and	and	CCONJ	can	AUX	 can
LW10 para Nordic sit skiers can use a sit ski with outrigger skis, which are forearm crutches with a miniature ski on a rocker at the base. They sometimes use a quadriplegic ski, called a " Swing Bo ", which was designed to give the skier	skier	NOUN	better	ADJ	 better
Wage growth in the early 1960s pushed prices up. The inflation rate increased faster, and soon real wages fell. High inflation prompted a stabilization plan that included tighter monetary policy, a cut in public expenditures, and increases in taxes and utility prices. Another coup	coup	NOUN	in	ADP	 in
John Raitt reprised the role of Billy, with Jerry Orbach as Jigger and Reid Shelton as Enoch Snow. The roles of the Starkeeper and Dr. Seldon were played by Edward Everett Horton in his final stage appearance. The following year, New York City Center Light Opera	Opera	PROPN	Company	PROPN	 Company
He attacked on the climb and reduced the field to a group of eleven, himself included. Merckx was advised by his manager to hold off on sprinting full out to the finish line until as late as possible. Three other riders reached the line with him;	;	PUNCT	Merckx	PROPN	 Merckx
Bored and feeling somewhat better, Davis booked passage on a ship to New York, then continued to Washington, D.C., where he visited his old schoolmate George Wallace Jones. He soon returned with Pemberton to Mississippi. For several years following Sarah's death, Davis	Davis	PROPN	was	AUX	 was
Public interest was partly fuelled by contemporary writers, of whom the work of William Harrison Ainsworth was particularly influential. In The Tower of London: A Historical Romance he created a vivid image of underground torture chambers and devices for extracting confessions that stuck in the public imagination	imagination	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
" Although the film takes place in Blackeberg, a suburb of Stockholm, principal photography took place in Luleå (in the north of Sweden) to ensure enough snow and cold weather. The area where the filming took place dated from around the same time as Blackeberg	Blackeberg	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
These guns were also capable of firing the same projectiles while using supercharges which gave a maximum range of 37,870 yards (34,630 m). Their rate of fire was two rounds per minute. Vanguard carried 100 shells per gun. The 15 inch turrets had been designed	designed	VERB	when	SCONJ	 when
On 21 November, Nieland was succeeded by Oberleutnant zur See (Oblt.) Wilhelm Kiel in command of UB 12. Under Kiel's command, UB 12 sank three ships on 21 February 1916: the 100 ton Belgian fishing ship La Petite Henriette, the largest	largest	ADJ	sunk	VERB	 sunk
The " dark and shaded " timbre of the movement has been seen as representing the protection provided by Christ. Denying the fear of the threatening death, the violoncello piccolo plays continuous runs. Movement 3 is again a recitativo accompagnato, even more complex than the first	first	ADJ	one	NUM	 one
" Reaction " was directed by Jennifer Coyle and was the first episode of the series to be written by Randy Jandt. While writing the teleplay, Jandt was challenged with staying true to the original material of Spider Man, particularly towards that of Dr. Octopus. "	"	PUNCT	Reaction	NOUN	 Reaction
The problems were exacerbated due to a lack of building materials available for use in repair work, a result of the Second World War which had concluded only 18 months prior. This contributed to the delays which resulted in houses still covered with only temporary tarpaulins several years	years	NOUN	later	ADV	 later
Argentina defaulted and suffered bank runs as the Baring Brothers faced failure. The crisis was caused by the lack of co ordination between monetary policy and fiscal policy, which ultimately led to the collapse of the banking system. The financial crisis of 1890 left the government with	with	ADP	no	DET	 no
The gills are more or less adnate (broadly attached to the stem slightly above the bottom of the gill, with most of the gill fused to the stem) and brown to dark purple brown in color with lighter edges. The stem is 2 – 6 cm	cm	NOUN	(	PUNCT	 (
His running gait was somewhat unusual, as his knees were minimally bent, and the motion was largely powered from the hip. This may have given his knees, a football player's most vulnerable joints, some protection, although he underwent arthroscopic surgery on both knees	knees	NOUN	in	ADP	 in
It was created by Escher in October 1948. Although most published copies of Stars are monochromatic, with white artwork against a black background, the copy in the National Gallery of Canada is tinted in different shades of turquoise, yellow, green, and pale pink.	.	PUNCT	The	DET	 The
It just uses them a lot better ". A large cathode ray tube multi purpose display, taken from the F / A 18, makes up much of the instrument panel in the cockpit. It has a wide range of functions, including radar warning information and	and	CCONJ	weapon	NOUN	 weapon
Even so, the book was popular and was even continued in several editions after Griswold's death by Richard Henry Stoddard. In more modern times, The Poets and Poetry of America has been nicknamed a " graveyard of poets " because its anthologized writers have since passed	passed	VERB	into	ADP	 into
It received the Tejano Music Award for the Tejano Crossover Song of the Year, and the American Society of Composers, Authors and Publishers (ASCAP) recognized it at the ASCAP Pop Music Awards as one of the most performed songs of 1995. Because of the recording	recording	NOUN	's	PART	's
Since 2006, Hvalur has caught more than 500 fin whales and exported more than 5000 tonnes of whale meat to Japan. In the Southern Hemisphere, Japan permits annual takes of 10 fin whales under its Antarctic Special Permit whaling program for the 2005 – 2006 and 2006	2006	NUM	–	PUNCT	 –
US 113 Business passes the Julia A. Purnell Museum and the Samuel Gunn House shortly before intersecting MD 12 (Church Street). MD 12 joins US 113 Business for a short concurrency, during which the two highways pass All Hallows Episcopal Church, Makemie Memorial Presbyterian Church	Church	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
The mountain is 3,184 metres (10,446 ft) in height, with a prominence of 2,187 metres (7,175 ft) and a saddle DEM of 997 metres (3,271 ft). Mount Jackson and the Welch Mountains demarcate the central Black Coast, which is dissected by	by	ADP	many	ADJ	 many
] Indeed, I am inclined to the belief, that to him is due the credit of originating and suggesting to his counsel the only available point in the case, and the one on which it was there decided, for the case had been ten years in	in	ADP	the	DET	 the
" The dance for " Hoedown Throwdown " is heavily influenced by line dancing and merges some hip hop. A video starring Cyrus and Hannah Montana: The Movie's choreographer Jamal Simms entitled " How to Do the Hoedown Throwdown ", premiered on Disney Channel on February	February	PROPN	20	NUM	 20
They confront the Big Lebowski, who refuses to admit responsibility, but is thrown out of his wheelchair by Walter, who believes that he's faking his paralyses. The affair apparently over, the Dude and his bowling teammates return to the bowling alley. When they	they	PRON	leave	VERB	 leave
The Athenians and Eretrians had succeeded in capturing and burning Sardis, but they were then forced to retreat with heavy losses. In response to this raid, Darius swore to burn down Athens and Eretria. According to Herodotus, Darius asked for his bow, he placed	placed	VERB	an	DET	 an
The population of Oak Ridge peaked at 75,000 in May 1945, by which time 82,000 people were employed at the Clinton Engineer Works, and 10,000 by Roane Anderson. In addition to the township, there were a number of temporary camps established for construction workers. It	It	PRON	was	AUX	 was
When the female and male reproductive organs are in a 1: 1 ratio in a plant, Darwin represents traditional couplings. The women are “ playful ”, “ chaste ”, “ gentle ” and “ blooming ”. When the ratio is 1: 2 4	4	NUM	,	PUNCT	,
After four years of development, the Panaflex debuted in 1972. A revolutionary camera that operated quietly, the Panaflex eliminated the need for a cumbersome sound blimp, and could synchronize handheld work. The Panaflex also included a digital electronic tachometer and magazine motors for the take	take	NOUN	up	ADP	 up
Anticipating an armoured attack at dawn, the Australians withdrew back to the Gama River, which was situated 1 mile (1.6 km) to the west. During the night, the destroyer Hamakaze entered the bay to make contact with the Japanese troops and land supplies.	.	PUNCT	The	DET	 The
A forest fire can kill tens of generations of trees, but the remaining ashes give good conditions for young trees, giving an uneven age distribution of pine. None of the islands in the lake of Ellensvatn have had fires, giving it a unique forest composition.	.	PUNCT	In	ADP	 In
In the US, zinc is used predominantly for galvanizing (55%) and for brass, bronze and other alloys (37%). The relative reactivity of zinc and its ability to attract oxidation to itself makes it an efficient sacrificial anode in cathodic protection (	(	PUNCT	CP	PROPN	CP
Widely regarded as one of the leading competitive sport climbers in the world during the late 1980s and early 1990s, she is famous for making the first free ascent of the difficult sheer rock face of The Nose on El Capitan in Yosemite Valley, and for repeating it	it	PRON	the	DET	 the
Since the subsidiary coins were only legal tender to five dollars, and could not be redeemed for gold, this led to a glut of silver coins in commerce. This oversupply, which persisted through 1862, led to lower mintages of silver coins in the mid 1850s	1850s	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
In the middle magnetosphere, Galileo detected so called injection events, which occur when hot plasma from the outer magnetosphere impacts the magnetodisk, leading to increased flux of energetic particles and a strengthened magnetic field. No mechanism is yet known to explain the transport of cold plasma	plasma	NOUN	outward	ADV	 outward
After leaving Middletown Center, PA 858 continues northward and sometimes northeastward. After Middletown Center, PA 858 is surrounded by nothing but trees. There is a break in the trees when PA 858 intersects with an unnamed road, which serves as a connector to Township Road	Road	PROPN	768	NUM	 768
Angelou described Lee as " that poor little Black girl, physically and mentally bruised. " The details of Angelou's life described in her seven autobiographies and in numerous interviews, speeches, and articles tended to be inconsistent. Critic Mary Jane Lupton has explained that when	when	SCONJ	Angelou	PROPN	 Angelou
Flood waters rose until early on October 4, when they slowly began to recede. The Jackson Railroad, on the western and northwestern shore of the lake, was flooded up to a depth of 5 ft (1.5 m), and 11 mi (18 km	km	NOUN	)	PUNCT	)
Animals coloured in these ways can have striking natural patterns. Animals produce colour in different ways. Pigments are particles of coloured material. Chromatophores are cells containing pigment, which can change their size to make their colour more or less visible. Some animals, including many	many	ADJ	butterflies	NOUN	 butterflies
The construction of the XR 1 was conventional by the standards of the time, with the aircraft's frame consisting of a steel tube framework, which was covered with fabric. The XR 1 had tail surfaces similar to those of a conventional aircraft, and was equipped	equipped	VERB	with	ADP	 with
The controversy rumbled on and there was a long debate in the press through the winter of 1878 – 79 about the various payments received by the " amateurs " of Gloucestershire. The enquiry at Gloucestershire CCC took place in January 1879. W. G. and E. M. Grace	Grace	PROPN	were	AUX	 were
Velázquez further emphasises the Infanta by his positioning and lighting of her maids of honour, whom he sets opposing one another: to left and right, before and behind the Infanta. The maid to the left faces the light, her brightly lit profile and sleeve creating	creating	VERB	a	DET	 a
Its state led to a campaign to replace the building. In April 2006, Snowdonia National Park Authority with the support of the Snowdonia Society agreed a deal to start work on a new café and visitor centre complex. By mid October 2006 the old building had been	been	AUX	largely	ADV	 largely
Tongeren is one of a minority of churches in the region aligned on a north east to south west axis, so that the lighting conditions in the painting can be seen on summer mornings. In addition, the church contains a standing statue of the Virgin and Child	Child	PROPN	(	PUNCT	 (
The area was ready to be used for two cricket games by the end of 1886. Cricketers were full of praise for the ground, but because winter rain caused it to become waterlogged, footballers (Australian rules) were often unable to use the facility. At	At	ADP	a	DET	 a
Yardley declared on the final morning, but play did not start until mid afternoon due to continuing inclement weather. The Australian batsman thereafter played for a draw; they batted slowly and reached 92 / 1 when stumps were drawn, not making an attempt to chase the	the	DET	317	NUM	 317
The normal voice for his translator is a resonant, intimidating bass. With both voices, Alpha has a roundabout speech pattern that causes his sentences to be longer than necessary. Pete Docter as Kevin, the " Beast of Paradise Falls ", which is actually just	just	ADV	a	DET	 a
, in front of Madame Tussauds Hollywood wax museum. Also in 2012, Johansson was cast in Joseph Gordon Levitt's directorial debut, Don Jon. The film premiered at the 2013 Sundance Film Festival, and had its wide release in September 2013. Don Jon received	received	VERB	positive	ADJ	 positive
The meter displays the current wanted level; if it reaches 5, the police will aggressively pursue Shen. The meter recedes when Shen is hidden from the cops ' line of sight. Police officers continue to search for Shen even if he leaves the wanted vicinity,	,	PUNCT	and	CCONJ	 and
The road is named for General Sir Fenton John Aylmer, VC KCB, who received the Victoria Cross for his part in the assault on Nilt Fort on 2 December 1891. After crossing The Bishops Avenue, the A1 becomes Lyttelton Road, which was laid out in	in	ADP	1931	NUM	 1931
" " After voicing Cyrus, Marie was called back to Family Guy to voice Meg's friend Beth for " several upcoming episodes. " Marie described Beth as a girl that is " rarely addressed in conversation but loves to chime in whenever she can. " The	The	DET	song	NOUN	 song
St. Louis exceeded his previous season in 2003 – 04, capturing the Art Ross Trophy as the NHL's leading scorer with 94 points. He finished fourth overall with 38 goals and his plus minus of + 38 led the league. St. Louis scored his 100th career	career	NOUN	goal	NOUN	 goal
Broken Headz and Cut Snake are enclosed and Screamin Right Handers is an open flume. Three family oriented attractions are located on the ground level, detached from the three slide towers. Two of these are children's areas and the third is a wave pool. Pipeline	Pipeline	PROPN	Plunge	PROPN	 Plunge
He further claimed that Smart, wears a ridiculous comicalness of aspect, that makes people smile when they see him at a distance: His mouth opens, because he must be fed; and the world often joins with the philosopher in laughing at the insensibility and obstinancy	obstinancy	NOUN	that	PRON	 that
To help avoid an unprovoked attack, humans should not wear jewelry or metal that is shiny and refrain from splashing around too much. Until recently, only a few benthic species of shark, such as hornsharks, leopard sharks and catsharks, had survived in aquarium conditions	conditions	NOUN	for	ADP	 for
The per capita income for the city was $30,306. 11.8% of the population and 6.9% of families are below the poverty line. Of people living in poverty, 13.8% are under the age of 18 and 10.2% are 65 or older. It	It	PRON	is	AUX	 is
In 1931, a Dutch artist and scholar of Hindu and Buddhist architecture, W.O.J. Nieuwenkamp, developed a theory that the Kedu Plain was once a lake and Borobudur initially represented a lotus flower floating on the lake. It has been claimed that Borobudur was built on a	a	DET	bedrock	NOUN	 bedrock
After winning the toss, India elected to bowl first. New Zealand were dismissed for 146 runs. Zaheer Khan took career best figures of 4 wickets for 42 runs. Though India lost 3 wickets for 21 runs, the 129 run partnership between Dravid and Kaif ensured	ensured	VERB	a	DET	 a
Stan Lee then helped spread the word that fans would also have been treated for a free Amazing Grilled Cheese Bacon Burger in Independence Day if dressed as Spider Man. Big Cola was reported to enter a deal for promoting the film. The Kellogg Company and the Keebler	Keebler	PROPN	Company	PROPN	 Company
The film was created on a budget of $500,000, with Cameron as the lead actor, portraying Captain Caleb Holt. Though it was a low budget film, the film grossed $33,415,129 and was a box office success. It was the highest grossing independent film	film	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
Other secondary schools including some of the oldest and well known are St. Joseph, St. Thomas, St. Teresa and St. Mary as well as others like Sekolah Menengah Kai Chung, SMK Batu Lintang, and SMK Padungan. Kuching has 4 out of 14 Chinese independent schools	schools	NOUN	in	ADP	 in
On 17 March 1322, Lancaster was captured after his defeat at the Battle of Boroughbridge, and brought to Pontefract. Here, Edmund was on the jury that condemned him to death for treason. Even with Lancaster defeated, the battle against the rebels was not over	over	ADV	.	PUNCT	.
She featured her signature curly locks, and was joined by Trey Lorenz, Melonie Daniels and Kelly Price. On her 1996 Daydream World Tour, Carey once again included the song on the tour's set list. During her shows at the Tokyo Dome in Tokyo,	,	PUNCT	Japan	PROPN	 Japan
Media coverage of the match was unsurprisingly negative: the BBC used terms such as " calamitous defending ", " Colchester run riot ", " dismal ", and a " disastrous start "; journalists also speculated about Gunn's competence as a manager. Matters seemed	seemed	VERB	to	PART	 to
In this case the GM plays the part of the Master. However, the GM and players together are supposed to " design " the Master, in terms of defining his " Wants ", " Needs ", " Aspect ", and " Type ".	.	PUNCT	These	DET	 These
It consists of the Royal Australian Navy (RAN), Australian Army, Royal Australian Air Force (RAAF) and a number of ' tri service ' units. The ADF has a strength of just over 80,000 full time personnel and active reservists, and is supported	supported	VERB	by	ADP	 by
In The Guardian, Alexis Petridis wrote that Kala was still a " unique " listen in spite of occasionally tuneless songs. Writing for NME, Alex Miller acknowledged that the record's music polarised opinion, claiming that some members of the magazine's staff had " fed	fed	VERB	several	ADJ	 several
Just three days before the main assault, on 4 December, British forces suffered a fatality to the north of the village of Sangin, when Trooper Jack Sadler was killed by a roadside bomb. The week prior to the assault saw a variety of other engagements in	in	ADP	Helmand	PROPN	 Helmand
It was extended to the next year, adding new European dates, and after it ended, the total gross was $408 million. Life with My Sister Madonna, a book by Madonna's brother Christopher, debuted at number two on The New York Times bestseller	bestseller	NOUN	list	NOUN	 list
Snowfall is often heavier in the Sussex Weald than in many other low lying parts of central and southern England due to the proximity of moisture laden southerly tracking low pressure systems bringing easterly winds and snow to areas from South London southwards. However, again due to the	the	DET	southerly	ADJ	 southerly
When breeding in Eurasia, the corn crake's habitats would originally have included river meadows with tall grass and meadow plants, but it is now mainly found in cool moist grassland used for the production of hay, particularly moist traditional farmland. It also utilises other treeless	treeless	NOUN	grasslands	NOUN	 grasslands
The use of new, more efficient technologies resulted in the further reduction of the workforce so that by 1897, A & G Murray only employed 500 people. In 1887, Fireproof Mill and Doubling Mill were leased by A & G Murray Ltd to C E Bennet	Bennet	PROPN	.	PUNCT	.
Its protagonist is Danny, a young man suffering from insomnia, who uses an experimental device to explore his mind and discover the cause of his sleeplessness. Each level of the game, representing events from Danny's life and inspired by artists such as Tim Burton and	and	CCONJ	M.C.	PROPN	 M.C.
Doktor Faust remained unfinished at his death and was premiered posthumously in Berlin in 1925 in a completion made by Jarnach. Busoni's Berlin apartment was destroyed in an air raid in 1943, and many of his possessions and papers were lost or looted. A plaque at	at	ADP	the	DET	 the
To counter this, Harvey deliberately backed away when a ball was aimed at the stumps and threw away his wicket by letting himself be bowled for 37. This allowed Benaud to come in and bat with O'Neill so that the two rightt handed batsmen would give no opportunity	opportunity	NOUN	to	PART	 to
When was this was completed it was transported to Midnapore, where for ten days it assembled its equipment and conducted a rehearsal exercise. Finally, on 29 April it was flown to Akyab on the Burmese coast, approximately 200 miles north of Rangoon, and was soon	soon	ADV	joined	VERB	 joined
The industry must also become better in adding value by turning businesses around rather than pure financial engineering. Although private equity rarely received a thorough treatment in popular culture, several films did feature stereotypical " corporate raiders " prominently. Among the most notable examples of private equity	equity	NOUN	featured	VERB	 featured
Hurricanes in the eastern north Pacific often supply moisture to the Southwestern United States and parts of Mexico. Japan receives over half of its rainfall from typhoons. Hurricane Camille averted drought conditions and ended water deficits along much of its path, though it also killed 259 people	people	NOUN	and	CCONJ	 and
Over 250,000 spectators lined the Thames to watch the three races. Around eighty people needed to be rescued as the river level rose from the high tide and the wake of the flotilla. The women's reserve race, the 41st since 1968, was contested between Oxford	Oxford	PROPN	's	PART	's
Layout: The carving on the south wall to the east of the portico depicts Shiva and Parvati seated on their abode Mount Kailash. The four armed Shiva is seen with a crown and a disc behind it (all damaged), the sacred thread across his chest	chest	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
At this, the MPAA — wary of a repeat of the embarrassment it had trying to censor the highly acclaimed film, The Pawnbroker — gave in and approved the film as a special exception because of its quality, which led to other filmmakers to challenge the code	code	NOUN	themselves	PRON	 themselves
The masses used for this are coming from the construction of the nearby Gevingåsen Tunnel on the Nordland Line, which will help shorten the travel time of the airport rail link to Trondheim and increase frequency. Once finished, the line may be electrified. Plans have been	been	AUX	launched	VERB	 launched
The first route across America, the Lincoln Highway, was completed in the 1920s, and others soon followed. Although Meeker's highway along the Trail was not built, U.S. 30 generally parallels the route of the Oregon Trail. A number of sites relating to Meeker	Meeker	PROPN	remain	VERB	 remain
It was known as Gomphus floccosus until 2011, when it was found to be only distantly related to the genus's type species G. clavatus. It was consequently transferred from Gomphus to Turbinellus. The orange capped vase- or trumpet shaped fruiting structures may reach 30 cm (	(	PUNCT	12	NUM	12
From April 2011, WhiteWater World has offered guests the hire of 12 luxury cabanas, located around the park. Each cabana is designed for up to four guests, who have access to deck chairs, couches, a coffee table, an iPod dock, towels and	and	CCONJ	a	DET	 a
On July 22, he hit the first grand slam of his career, a game winning home run against Bruce Chen in a 7 – 5 victory over the Orioles. Three days later, he had a walk off double against Curt Schilling in a 10 inning,	,	PUNCT	4	NUM	 4
Tamarod spokesperson, Hussain Yousif said they will carry on with the protests despite government definite crackdown. The MoI said the heavy deployment was in order to " [preserve] security and order, and to guarantee an easy flow of traffic ". On the same day	day	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
The match up was the final one of the forty fourth consecutive NCAA Men's Division I Basketball Championship single elimination tournament — commonly referred to as the NCAA Tournament — organized by the National Collegiate Athletic Association (NCAA) and is used to crown a national champion for	for	ADP	men	NOUN	 men
The final qualification match was won by Christian Cage over Abyss on the June 14 episode of Impact!. Angle ended up winning the King of the Mountain match at Slammiversary over Joe, Cage, Styles, and Harris, who was a mystery participant chosen by Cornette	Cornette	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
After winning a number of battles, the player's character might receive offers of service from such commanders as well. The game is principally split between city management and tactical combat. Gameplay is turn based, alternating between player and computer, and much of the game	game	NOUN	is	AUX	 is
However, the five stage combat alert level remained at DEFCON 4, the second lowest level. Russia undertook security measures in case the war of nerves on the Korean peninsula erupted into a nuclear war. North Korea also threatened on 29 May to attack South Korean and	and	CCONJ	US	PROPN	 US
Grain, mainly wheat, accounts for more than 85% of the cargo barged on the lower Snake River. In 1998, over 123,000,000 US bushels (4.3 × 109 l; 980,000,000 US dry gal; 950,000,000 imp gal) of grain were barged on the Snake	Snake	PROPN	.	PUNCT	.
The cave shows a Kama scene on one pillar, where a woman and a man are in maithuna (erotic) embrace beneath a tree. Cave 3 also shows fresco paintings on the ceiling, some of which are faded, broken and unclear. These are among	among	ADP	the	DET	 the
When Paddy suffers a heart attack, he becomes very concerned about his mortality and Dee's future. He becomes overwrought and insists that Travis take care of Dee. After privately agreeing to a temporary marriage of convenience, Travis and Dee exchange vows in Paddy's hospital	hospital	NOUN	room	NOUN	 room
It was later ported to multiple home systems, including the PC, Amiga, Game Boy, Sega Game Gear, Sega Genesis, Sega Saturn, Super Nintendo Entertainment System, and various PlayStation consoles, mostly in licensed versions developed by Probe Entertainment and Sculptured Software and	and	CCONJ	published	VERB	 published
In Mozambique, the RNR encountered Lettow Vorbeck's supply column near Mtarika on 22 May 1918. It wiped it out (capturing two German officers, two German askaris, 34 Portuguese askaris and 252 carriers), but as the supply column had been marching between the	the	DET	main	ADJ	 main
In fact, the management knew about Bond's abscess, since Sullivan's diary records that both he and Gilbert visited her during her temporary incapacity, and Sullivan paid the doctor's bill. Back in London, Bond continued to play Edith until Pirates ran its course	course	NOUN	in	ADP	 in
That same year his 18 story Ross Building (now known as Wytestone Plaza) in Richmond, Virginia, opened — the first high rise built in the city since 1928, and the first glass curtain wall building constructed in the city. Koubek was also lead architect	architect	NOUN	for	ADP	 for
They regularly take adult caimans, deer, capybaras, tapirs, peccaries, dogs, zorros, and sometimes even anacondas. However, the cat will eat any small species that can be caught, including frogs, mice, birds (mainly ground based species such as	as	ADP	cracids	NOUN	 cracids
They were married on September 3, 1921; two months later, Hemingway was hired as foreign correspondent for the Toronto Star, and the couple left for Paris. Of Hemingway's marriage to Hadley, Meyers claims: " With Hadley, Hemingway achieved everything he had	had	AUX	hoped	VERB	 hoped
Around 07: 40 Nagumo reversed his order when he received a message from one of his scout aircraft that American warships had been spotted. Depleted of ammunition, the first six of Sōryū's CAP Zeros landed aboard the carrier at 07: 30. At 07:	:	SYM	55	NUM	 55
She went by train over the Kazakh Steppe, through areas hard hit by famine, to Tashkent and Bukhara and to the borders of Iran and Afghanistan, interviewing and taking notes. She returned to the U.S. in mid summer 1921, and stayed for about a year	year	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
As a result of the Uniform State Narcotic Act, the Federal Bureau of Narcotics encouraged state governments to adopt the act. By the middle of the 1930s all member states had some regulation of cannabis. The use of cannabis and other drugs came under increasing scrutiny after	after	ADP	the	DET	 the
Approximately 80,000 items on 6,000 sheets may be viewed in 1,000 display frames; 2,400 sheets are from the Tapling Collection. Other material, which covers the whole world, is available to students and researchers by appointment. The British Library Philatelic Department Photograph Collection is a collection	collection	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
When development began, Sony expected the game to be completed in a year, rather than the more than three it finally took. Thatgamecompany always expected needing an extension; according to Hunicke, they believed finishing the game within a year was " unrealistic ". Development	Development	NOUN	ended	VERB	 ended
James Poniewozik of Time ranked it the eighth best television show of the year, commenting: " when Glee works — which is often — it is transcendent, tear jerking and thrilling like nothing else on TV. " Entertainment Weekly's Ken Tucker ranked it ninth,	,	PUNCT	calling	VERB	 calling
During his high school career, he scored 154 goals. At Princeton he earned the 1999 Men's Ivy League Rookie of the Year and the 2001 NCAA Division I Men's Lacrosse Championship tournament Most Outstanding Player. In both 2000 and 2002, he was a third	third	ADJ	team	NOUN	 team
In October 2010, the company planned to train 60 pilots in Vietnam during 2011 – 2012. In 2010, Vietnam Airlines needed 636 pilots, 60% of whom were Vietnamese. It planned to raise that figure it to 75% by 2015, meaning there will	will	AUX	be	AUX	 be
It was released as the first single from his fifth studio album Play on August 31, 1998. The uptempo song incorporates vocal samples from " Sometimes " by American blues singer Bessie Jones, while its instrumentation is built around a repeating piano riff. Moby discovered the	the	DET	"	PUNCT	 "
I respect that. " The stage was as huge as a tennis court and was made movable. Above the stage was a vast electrical grid, composed of truss sections, chain motors, cabling and the control devices that linked electronically or mechanically with the performances happening	happening	VERB	below	ADV	 below
The same day she also damaged the British cargo ship Berwindale, en route to Avonmouth with a load of wheat from Galveston, Texas. Throughout the rest of March and into early April, U 70 sank an additional five ships of 14,557 gross register tons (GRT	GRT	PROPN	)	PUNCT	)
Furthermore, the plastic and foil wrappers condoms are packaged in are also not biodegradable. However, the benefits condoms offer are widely considered to offset their small landfill mass. Frequent condom or wrapper disposal in public areas such as a parks have been seen as a persistent	persistent	ADJ	litter	NOUN	 litter
The show also received at least one letter of complaint regarding the scene where Quagmire watches Lois going to the toilet; screenwriter Chris Sheridan comments on the DVD commentary that the number of complaints about this scene exceeded one. It is prohibited on Fox to use the term	term	NOUN	'	PUNCT	 '
The third line remained in Britain for the duration of the war. Considered by contemporaries to be socially élite and reasonably well trained compared to other territorial units, the 1 / 10th volunteered for overseas service and became the seventh territorial battalion to be dispatched to the Western	Western	PROPN	Front	PROPN	 Front
Oxygen is the third most abundant chemical element in the universe, after hydrogen and helium. About 0.9% of the Sun's mass is oxygen. Oxygen constitutes 49.2% of the Earth's crust by mass as part of oxide compounds such as silicon dioxide and is	is	AUX	the	DET	 the
This forges an odd alliance between Starling and Lecter, culminating in their becoming lovers and escaping to Argentina. At the novel's end, Barney sees them at the Teatro Colón of Buenos Aires. Also gone from the film are the flashbacks to Lecter's childhood,	,	PUNCT	in	ADP	 in
Termites can be major agricultural pests, particularly in East Africa and North Asia, where crop losses can be severe (3 – 100% in crop loss in Africa). Counterbalancing this is the greatly improved water infiltration where termite tunnels in the soil allow rainwater to	to	PART	soak	VERB	 soak
The B side of the single release of " Cherish " was a previously unreleased track called " Supernatural ", composed during the recording sessions of her third studio album, True Blue (1986). In 2009, during an interview with Rolling Stone, Madonna confessed	confessed	VERB	that	SCONJ	 that
Three volumes of albums titled Shakugan no Shana Assorted Shana containing image songs, audio dramas and background music tracks were released between February and April 2006. Three volumes of albums titled Shakugan no Shana II Splendide Shana containing images songs and audio dramas were released between February and	and	CCONJ	May	PROPN	 May
Six Yugoslav jets were sortied against targets on Brač and Šolta. Following the naval action that morning, Croatian civilian boats from Šolta towed the partially submerged Mukos to Nečujam Bay and ran it aground there. In the afternoon, the Kaštela TG and the Ploče TG linked	linked	VERB	up	ADP	 up
Over three levels in 99 games, he batted.323 with 17 HR and 10 steals, including high numbers in OBP (.408), slugging percentage (SLG,.555), and OPS (.963), while scoring 69 runs and driving in 63 runs. He ranked in	in	ADP	the	DET	 the
Buffy uses both science and magic as narrative devices. According to author Andrew Aberdein, the series employs science in three ways: to demonstrate what contemporary science explains, to posit what science may be able to accomplish, and the dominance of supernatural forces over science.	.	PUNCT	According	VERB	 According
The game, which Navy won with a final score of 34 – 19, was highlighted by a 26 play drive from the Midshipmen that took up almost 15 minutes of game time and set the record for the longest drive in a National Collegiate Athletic Association (NCAA	NCAA	PROPN	)	PUNCT	)
The first description of the roughtail stingray was published by American naturalist Samuel Mitchell in one of the earliest North American works on ichthyology, a short treatise on the fishes of New York in the 1815 first volume of Transactions of the Literary and Philosophical Society of New York	York	PROPN	.	PUNCT	.
In December, the destroyer moved on to Noumea, New Caledonia, and operated from there until July 1943. Dunlap saw action at Vella Gulf in the Solomon Islands in a nighttime torpedo clash. In United States Destroyer Operations in World War II (1953),	,	PUNCT	Theodore	PROPN	 Theodore
The Dickies ' 1989 album Second Coming includes the song " Caligula, " which relates his origins and reign of terror. Caligula has been portrayed in a number of television series: Ralph Bates in the 1968 ITV television series The Caesars; John Hurt in the 1976	1976	NUM	BBC	PROPN	 BBC
White Star then ordered a new 212 foot bow section from Harland and Wolff in Belfast, which was launched head first in October 1907. It was popularly said at the time that Suevic was the longest ship in the world, with her bow in Belfast and her	her	PRON	stern	NOUN	 stern
He also said that he was not angry about having to change his lyrics, but lamented the lack of Australian musicians willing to challenge the status quo. The legal threats against the song were attacked heavily by some writers, including Andrew Stafford of The Bulletin. He	He	PRON	noted	VERB	 noted
" Hey You " was written by Madonna, who also co produced it along with Pharrell Williams in honor of the 2007 Live Earth concert in London. It was inspired by the climate change campaign. It became Madonna's first released material to be written entirely by	by	ADP	herself	PRON	 herself
Neither saw the need to punish Protestants who worshipped in private and did not take up arms. On 20 August 1560, Catherine and the chancellor advocated this policy to an assembly of notables at Fontainebleau. Historians regard the occasion as an early example of Catherine's statesmanship	statesmanship	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
The waters of the Winwæd were in spate owing to heavy rains and had flooded the land. The Northumbrians were victorious, the Mercian forces were slaughtered and many of them drowned in flight. Penda himself was killed, together with nearly all his allies, including Æthelhere	Æthelhere	PROPN	of	ADP	 of
Aurora last won the award in 2009. He was cited in The Washington Post in a controversy about the methods a Planned Parenthood clinic used to obtain permits. In October 2008, he co authored a Chicago Tribune op ed article against the Canadian National Railway plan to	to	PART	purchase	VERB	 purchase
Recent research has also revealed that the Asiatic dayflower can bioaccumulate a number of metals, making it a candidate for revegetating and essentially cleaning spoiled copper mines. Several animals and fungi use the plant as a food source, with a few species feeding upon it exclusively.	.	PUNCT	The	DET	 The
It was released on June 3, 2013 by RCA Records as the lead single from the album. The song was written and produced by Mike Will Made It, P Nasty, and Rock City, with additional songwriting provided by Cyrus, Doug E. Fresh, and	and	CCONJ	Slick	PROPN	 Slick
She was laid down in 1893 at the Imperial Dockyard in Wilhelmshaven, launched in October 1894, and commissioned into the fleet a year later in October 1895. The ship was designed for service in Germany's overseas colonies, which required the comparatively heavy armament of eight	eight	NUM	10.5	NUM	 10.5
It was quite fascinating. " The opening of " Tennis the Menace " is what Maxtone Graham describes as a " screw you " beginning, as the viewer has " no idea that the twist is going to be tennis ". The part of the story revolving	revolving	VERB	around	ADP	 around
Aside from occasional one off strips, his more regular cartooning appeared in the ongoing strips The Sign Game in Signs of the Times magazine and Musical Legends in America in Pulse! Such later work has attracted far less attention than Binky Brown. Though autobiographical elements had appeared	appeared	VERB	earlier	ADV	 earlier
Abisha Woodward was contracted to build a 35 feet (11 m) wooden tower for $2,200 and it was completed in 1803. Due to erosion threatening the foundation of the lighthouse, a seawall was constructed in 1829, and it was reinforced and widened in 1831	1831	NUM	.	PUNCT	.
Other major population centers – mostly located in the southeastern portion of the watershed – include Omaha, Nebraska, situated north of the confluence of the Missouri and Platte Rivers; Kansas City, Missouri – Kansas City, Kansas, located at the confluence of the Missouri with	with	ADP	the	DET	 the
The white rumped swift is similar to Pacific swift, but its slender body and long, deeply forked tail make it appear quite different from its more powerfully built relative. A possible pitfall is a partially leucistic common swift with a white rump. The Pacific swift can	can	AUX	be	AUX	 be
The family moved to Croydon, and Norman went into semi retirement, selling off some of his shops. In 1905 he sold showman " Lord " George Sanger's zoo, and then all of Sanger's circus effects, an achievement Norman called " the crowning point	point	NOUN	in	ADP	 in
Duckworth had abandoned his assigned station off Cadiz in pursuit of Willaumez during December and traveled so far across the Atlantic in pursuit that he was forced to resupply at St. Kitts in the Leeward Islands, where news had reached him of Leissègues ' arrival. By the time	time	NOUN	French	ADJ	 French
I think all football is instinct and the only way I could get on the end of the ball was to throw myself. It all finishes up as perfect timing – the perfect ball, the perfect run – but in a lot of ways it's a fluke	fluke	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
In 1954 the Japanese government merged the six villages surrounding the Residence into a single city, which was dubbed Tenri City. In the same year, the Tenrikyo central church announced the construction of the first wing of the yakata. The continuing development of the oyasato yakata	yakata	PROPN	is	AUX	 is
The souls in the Land of the Dead appear as skeletal calaca figures. Alongside them are demons that have been summoned to help with the more mundane tasks of day to day life, such as vehicle maintenance. The souls themselves can suffer death within death by being	being	AUX	"	PUNCT	 "
Archie and Janine blackmail Ian into selling them the loan and Archie tells the Mitchells they are trespassing. Once Archie finds out that Janine plans to fleece him, he proposes to her to keep her from going astray. Ryan is hurt by this setback and ends his	his	PRON	relationship	NOUN	 relationship
During the off season, club president Nolan Ryan emphasized conditioning for the Rangers pitchers. Feldman and nine other of the team's top young pitchers were brought to Arlington in November for a week long conditioning camp. " It's different ", Feldman said. "	"	PUNCT	In	ADP	 In
During his tenure the railroad constructed a new terminal station in Boston at Park Square. He received the degree of LL.D. from Brown in 1849, Amherst in 1853, and Harvard in 1853. For several years he was president of the Harvard Board of Overseers. After	After	ADP	the	DET	 the
These landings culminated in the battle of Hill 170 at Kangaw. Here Lieutenant George Knowland of No. 1 Commando was awarded a posthumous Victoria Cross. The Commandos ' victory in the 36 hour battle for Hill 170 cut off the escape of the 54th Japanese Division.	.	PUNCT	Further	ADJ	 Further
Written and directed by series creator Ryan Murphy, it premiered on the Fox network on September 28, 2010, and pays tribute to Britney Spears. Glee club member Brittany S. Pierce (Heather Morris) experiences an anesthesia induced hallucination in which she recreates iconic Spears moments	moments	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
It was shot at Pinewood Studios in England from October 1988 to January 1989. 18 sound stages were used, almost the entirety of Pinewood's 95 acre backlot. Locations included Knebworth House and Hatfield House doubling for Wayne Manor, plus Acton Lane Power Station and Little	Little	PROPN	Barford	PROPN	 Barford
Froese and Jackson also sent their work between The Alchemist and Oh No, who heavily sampled their work. The Alchemist opined, " We were sampling, taking a piece form here, a piece from there... We pitched stuff up, chopped it, tweaked it	it	PRON	.	PUNCT	.
Armstrong said after the stage that he had given it everything he had in the climb and Contador was simply the stronger rider; it was seen as settling any lingering controversy over the squad's leader and protected rider. Contador all but cemented the Tour title by winning	winning	VERB	the	DET	 the
On 19 May 2010, Manchester City made a £20 million offer for Milner which was rejected. On 22 July 2010, Villa manager Martin O'Neill said that Milner had shown a desire to leave Villa for City, but would only be sold at Villa's valuation	valuation	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
On December 6, the gundalow set sail for the southern end of the lake, with Knox sailing ahead in a small boat. Ice was already beginning to cover the lake, but the gundalow, after grounding once on a submerged rock, reached Sabbath Day Point	Point	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
The campus was then split in half by Huxley Avenue, providing an " Upper " campus (due to the uphill nature of the landscape on Smith Hill) and " Lower " campus (the new, flatter area of the College). In 1974, the	the	DET	School	PROPN	 School
The following year, Fandi helped Singapore win the first of three SEA Games silver medals, with two goals in a 3 – 0 group stage win over Brunei and two against Malaysia in the semi final. Despite suffering an ankle injury in the 1 – 2 final	final	ADJ	defeat	NOUN	 defeat
" Gramophone's reviewer Jonathan Swain contends that no conductor knew more than Monteux about expressive possibilities in the strings, claiming that " the conductor who doesn't play a stringed instrument simply doesn't know how to get the different sounds; and the bow has such importance	importance	NOUN	in	ADP	 in
A number of factors led to the eventual split between France and the other four countries. Around 1984 France reiterated its requirement for a carrier capable version and demanded a leading role. It also insisted on a swing role fighter that was lighter than the design favoured by	by	ADP	the	DET	 the
This removes all remaining protection groups from 2 ' -deoxyoligonucleotides, resulting in a reaction mixture containing the desired product. If the oligonucleotide contains any 2 ' -O protected ribonucleotide residues, the deprotection protocol includes the second step where the 2 ' -O protecting silyl groups are removed	removed	VERB	by	ADP	 by
Though this generally refers to male fans, the term is often applied to fans of either gender. Another term, " Pegasister ", has been used to refer to older female fans of the show. Two informal surveys of 2,300 and 9,000 participants respectively revealed that	that	SCONJ	the	DET	 the
In the film, Terry Thomas appeared again with Eric Sykes, an experience Sykes later described as magical. The roles of Ware Armitage and his sidekick were written especially for Terry Thomas and Sykes at the behest of the director Ken Annakin. By the mid 1960s Terry	Terry	PROPN	Thomas	PROPN	 Thomas
However, the count did not include 13 ballots which were disputed by UFCW. The ballots were challenged on claims that they were cast by management personnel who would not be union members. A National Labor Relations Board (NLRB) hearing to confirm or invalidate the vote	vote	NOUN	was	AUX	 was
An accomplished scholar in addition to a well known mathematical physicist, Fourier had been entrusted by Napoleon with the publication of the results of the expedition in the monumental series of publications titled Description de l ' Égypte. One biographer has stated that Fourier invited the 11 year	year	NOUN	old	ADJ	 old
She suffered another stroke on May 8, however, and on May 14 she died in Toronto, aged 70. The US Immigration and Naturalization Service allowed her body to be brought back to the United States. She was buried in German Waldheim Cemetery (now named	named	VERB	Forest	PROPN	 Forest
They take a walk and decide to be friends. They have late night phone conversations, go to dinner, and spend time together. Their dating experiences with others continue to inform their differing approaches to relationships and sex. During a New Year's Eve party,	,	PUNCT	Harry	PROPN	 Harry
The HNC was an unelected legislative style civilian advisory body they had created at the request of the United States — South Vietnam's main sponsor — to give a veneer of civilian rule. The dissolution dismayed the Americans, particularly the ambassador, Maxwell D. Taylor, who	who	PRON	engaged	VERB	 engaged
At the Restoration the Privy Council established a force of an unknown number of infantry regiments and a few troops of horse. The Commonwealth fortresses were abandoned, but garrisons were placed in Edinburgh, Stirling, Dumbarton and Blackness castles. There were attempts to found a national	national	ADJ	militia	NOUN	 militia
After Chocobo wins, Mog confronts Cid over his vehicle's poor performance, but Cid replies that Chocobo won because of the differences in their abilities (i.e., Chocobo's " Dash "). He explains that the secret of Chocobo's " Dash " ability is	is	AUX	the	DET	 the
Wallace and other anti vaccinationists pointed out that vaccination, which at the time was often done in a sloppy and unsanitary manner, could be dangerous. In 1890, Wallace gave evidence before a Royal Commission investigating the controversy. When the commission examined the material he had	had	AUX	submitted	VERB	 submitted
In a review for The New York Times, A. O. Scott characterized Rodriguez as " a powerful, extraordinarily gifted young actress... Remember the name. " The Washington Post's Desson Howe felt that Rodriguez's performance was the most memorable aspect of the film, and	and	CCONJ	that	SCONJ	 that
Since 1977, dozens of board, card, video, miniature, and tabletop role playing games, among other types, have been published bearing the Star Wars name, beginning in 1977 with the board game Star Wars: Escape from the Death Star (not to	to	PART	be	AUX	 be
This arrangement was contingent on Bradley's being judged competent by two circuit judges. Despite having no college education, Bradley passed the exam and was licensed in 1865, joining his father's firm in Lancaster. He later received an honorary Doctor of Laws degree from Kentucky	Kentucky	PROPN	University	PROPN	 University
SR 52 begins just west of I 5 at the eastern end of La Jolla Parkway. Before entering San Clemente Canyon, the road becomes a freeway as it intersects I 5. The canyon is part of Marian Bear Natural Park. The freeway runs north of the	the	DET	Rose	PROPN	 Rose
From the 2011 stellar occultation by Makemake, its dimensions have been initially measured to be (1502 ± 45) × (1430 ± 9) km. However, this analysis of the occultation data was later reanalyzed, which led to the dimension estimate of (1434	1434	NUM	+	SYM	 +
1992 – French civilian Tables du Ministère du Travail 1992 (MT92) published. 1999 – National Association of Underwater Instructors (NAUI) published Trimix and Nitrox tables based on Bruce Wienke's RGBM model. 2000 - The core VPM algorithm was finalized. 2001 – NAUI	NAUI	PROPN	published	VERB	 published
Rebirth also had a positive reception, with Metacritic giving it a score of 78 / 100 based on 26 critic reviews. In its review, Famitsu praised it for being a good remake, although one reviewer was disappointed at the lack of new content. Chris Carter	Carter	PROPN	of	ADP	 of
The book was an instant success and remains popular. Perrault's Histoires has had considerable impact on world culture. The original Italian title of the first edition was Costantino Fortunato, but was later known as Il gatto con gli stivali (lit. The cat with the	the	DET	boots	NOUN	 boots
" I was hanging there with my pants down, wondering what I'd tell the stockholders. " Gossip columnist Liz Smith, who worked as CBS during Aubrey's time there, called him a " a mean, hateful, truly scary, bad, outré guy	guy	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
After drinking it, he suffers from immediate kidney failure, requiring constant dialysis. Deciding to go to The Drunken Clam with Quagmire and Joe, he is reluctant to go to his scheduled dialysis appointment, in order to watch the 1984 CBS series Charles in Charge.	.	PUNCT	In	ADP	 In
In the subalpine region from the tree line to the base of the mountains, whitebark pine, limber pine, subalpine fir, and Engelmann spruce are dominant. In the valley floor, lodgepole pine is most common but Rocky Mountain Douglas fir, and blue spruce inhabit	inhabit	NOUN	drier	NOUN	 drier
Despite highly decorated achievements during World War I, during which he commanded at both battalion and brigade level and became the youngest general in the Australian Army, Bennett is best remembered for his role in the Battle of Singapore in February 1942 in the Pacific War, as	as	ADP	commander	NOUN	 commander
By his early teenage years, Grant had read widely on the subject of Western esotericism and Asian religions, including the work of prominent occultist Helena Blavatsky. He had made use of a personal magical symbol ever since being inspired to do so in a visionary dream he	he	PRON	experienced	VERB	 experienced
The gun punched holes through the destroyer's plating that set some petrol tanks on the deck afire and disabled ' A ' gun. It also claimed the only Canadian casualty during the engagement: Ordinary Seaman Kenneth " Wiley " Watson from Revelestoke, BC. The destroyer	destroyer	NOUN	was	AUX	 was
In their 2002 book Myofascial Pain and Fibromyalgia: Trigger Point Management authors orthopedic surgeon Edward S. Rachlin and physical therapist Isabel Rachlin recommended use of the Magic Wand for self treatment by patients with myalgia. They wrote that continued use of the Magic Wand on myofascial trigger points	points	NOUN	or	CCONJ	 or
The answer, based on a study of the bill, indicates that it is entirely within the realm of possibility that we may be establishing in Alaska our own version of the Siberia slave camps run by the Russian government. … This legislation, say its opponents,	,	PUNCT	will	AUX	 will
" IGN declared The Killing Joke the third greatest Batman graphic novel, after The Dark Knight Returns and Batman: Year One. James Donnelly of Pop Syndicate called The Killing Joke " one of the greatest comics of the 20th century, period. " Van Jensen of	of	ADP	ComicMix	PROPN	 ComicMix
He struck out nine batters and even struck out the side in the first inning but also walked four batters. Furthermore, he threw two wild pitches in the first and fifth innings. In his final game of the season, against the Giants, Richard was replaced	replaced	VERB	in	ADP	 in
He would also allow women to return to port safely. At first working honestly as a rigger, in early 1722 he joined a gang of twelve men on a sloop headed for Honduras, where they planned to collect a shipment of logs for resale in Boston.	.	PUNCT	Low	PROPN	 Low
He also concluded that the decaying effect ' travelled from shell to shell and drawer to drawer ', and thus the condition came to be called a " disease ". Clarification and resolution The true nature of the " disease " was partially clarified in 1934, when	when	SCONJ	the	DET	 the
Later that same week on the April 15 episode of SmackDown, Edge officially relinquished the World Heavyweight Championship, retiring as the World Champion. On the April 22, 2011 episode of SmackDown, Edge interrupted Alberto Del Rio's mock retirement party for him. At Extreme	Extreme	PROPN	Rules	PROPN	 Rules
By coincidence, on that day Santa Anna was inaugurated as the new President of Mexico. Delegates elected William H. Wharton, a " known hothead ", as president of the convention. Wharton had lost his bid to be president of the previous convention. Historian William	William	PROPN	C.	PROPN	 C.
Teller was known for getting engrossed in projects which were theoretically interesting but practically unfeasible (the classic " Super " was one such project.) About his work on the hydrogen bomb, Bethe said: Nobody will blame Teller because the calculations of 1946 were wrong,	,	PUNCT	especially	ADV	 especially
They also incorporated feedback from Killer Instinct players. Killer Instinct 2's art, design, and programming changed continuously throughout development up until its release. Kevin Bayliss designed the characters and Chris Tilston developed the game engine with feedback from Nintendo's Ken Lobb. Rare used	used	VERB	compression	NOUN	 compression
The IUCN's hyena specialist group identifies the spotted hyena's negative reputation as detrimental to the species ' continued survival, both in captivity and the wild. The spotted hyena's scientific name Crocuta, was once widely thought to be derived from the Latin loanword crocutus,	,	PUNCT	which	PRON	 which
The film follows a young woman who leaves home to search for employment and becoming married to a wealthy man, but the marriage is kept secret. The husband is arrested by mistake and by the time he is freed, his wife and child depart and he believes	believes	VERB	them	PRON	 them
All exteriors of the characters ' houses were shot on location. Christine Langan was keen to avoid a generic sitcom style of filming, citing the formulae of such programmes as " tired and dreary " and lacking emotional depth. To achieve this goal, she and Harries	Harries	PROPN	recruited	VERB	 recruited
Throughout Wales, the winter months are significantly wetter than the summer ones. Snow is comparatively rare near sea level in Wales, but much more frequent over the hills, and the uplands experience harsher conditions in winter than the more low lying parts. The mean annual	annual	ADJ	temperatures	NOUN	 temperatures
Approximately 96% of steel is continuously cast, while only 4% is produced as ingots. The ingots are then heated in a soaking pit and hot rolled into slabs, billets, or blooms. Slabs are hot or cold rolled into sheet metal or plates.	.	PUNCT	Billets	NOUN	 Billets
Southampton Airport is a regional airport located in the town of Eastleigh, just north of the city. It offers flights to UK and near European destinations, and is connected to the city by a frequent rail service from Southampton Airport (Parkway) railway station, and	and	CCONJ	by	ADP	 by
The album contains seven vocal songs from the game, one of which is a remix rather than the original. Another soundtrack, Shadow the Hedgehog: Original Soundtrax, was also released on February 22, 2006. It contains both vocal and instrumental tracks from the game	game	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
" In May, the brand new International Hotel in Las Vegas, boasting the largest showroom in the city, announced that it had booked Presley, scheduling him to perform 57 shows over four weeks beginning July 31. Moore, Fontana, and the Jordanaires declined to	to	PART	participate	VERB	 participate
that really carries through Michael's arc. " Later in the season, Martin Keamy (Kevin Durand) tries to shoot Michael in the head, but the gun jams and the next day, a manifestation of the island in the form of Christian Shephard (John	John	PROPN	Terry	PROPN	 Terry
" There is a difference between saying ' we are confident that they will increase ' and ' we are confident that they have increased due to this effect, ' " added Steig. " Never in the movie does he say: ' This particular event is caused	caused	VERB	by	ADP	 by
It was unveiled by Jocelyn Davies AM on 10 December 2007, four days before the Ebbw Valley Railway's planned official re opening. In February 2001 the Rail Development Society Wales, a passengers ' campaign group now campaigning as Railfuture Cymru / Wales, called for the	the	DET	rail	NOUN	 rail
Most settled on mesic islands, the high and dry parts of the swamp. Inhabitants included slaves who had purchased their freedom as well as escaped slaves. Other escaped slaves used the swamp as a route on the Underground Railroad as they made their way further north.	.	PUNCT	Some	DET	 Some
Despite never being officially named by NBC, Episode 210 has been unofficially titled " Liz the Business Woman " and " Coffee & TV ". Although not unanimously praised by critics, the episode attracted generally positive reviews and was particularly appreciated for its cast rendition of the	the	DET	1973	NUM	 1973
Intending to release an album in late 1986, U2 set up a studio in January of that year in Danesmoate House, a Georgian house in Rathfarnham in the foothills of the Wicklow Mountains. Their plan was to find inspiration from the recording space and use it to	to	PART	musically	ADV	 musically
However, he did not assign much import to the news. At 11 a.m. as he left a mass in honor of the 45th anniversary of his sister Maria II's death, the monarch received a second telegram and decided to return to Rio de Janeiro. His	His	PRON	wife	NOUN	 wife
Bayt Jibrin was situated in an area of plains and soft hills known as the Shfela (Shephelah) in Hebrew, located between the coastal plain to the west and the Hebron Hills to the east. The village was 21 kilometers (13 mi) northwest of Hebron	Hebron	PROPN	.	PUNCT	.
Popular historian Frank McLynn wrote that the king's modern reputation amongst historians is " bizarre " and, as a monarch, John " fails almost all those [tests] that can be legitimately set ". Henry II appears as a fictionalised character in several modern plays	plays	NOUN	and	CCONJ	 and
By 1961, there were over 89 different business simulation games in use, with various graphical capabilities. As the decade ended, despite several video games having been developed, there was no such thing as a commercial video game industry; almost all games had been developed	developed	VERB	on	ADP	 on
Scholars uncovered a collection of ancient texts written on unusually well preserved bamboo slips. Among them were The Art of War and Sun Bin's Military Methods. Although Han dynasty bibliographies noted the latter publication as extant and written by a descendant of Sun, it had previously	previously	ADV	been	AUX	 been
Paige sang at the opening of the 2002 Winter Olympics in Salt Lake City, and then made her Los Angeles concert debut at the Pasadena Civic Auditorium. In 2003, she played Angèle in Where There's a Will, directed by Peter Hall. She next sang	sang	VERB	the	DET	 the
The film received poor reviews, with the New York Daily News calling it " delightful nonsense ", and Bosley Crowther, in The New York Times, criticizing Cooper's " somewhat obvious and ridiculous clowning ". The film was barely profitable. In 1945, Cooper	Cooper	PROPN	starred	VERB	 starred
Federer and Nadal had their only meeting of the 2014 season in the semi finals of the Australian Open. Nadal won in straight sets and improved his record to 3 – 0 against Federer at the Australian Open (9 – 2 overall in majors). This was	was	AUX	the	DET	 the
The parties to the accord also agreed to the deployment of a UN peacekeeping mission in Croatia. The mission was subsequently authorised through United Nations Security Council Resolution 721 of 27 November, following a formal request for the deployment of UN peacekeepers submitted by the Yugoslav government the	the	DET	previous	ADJ	 previous
This video was directed by Chris Cunningham, who directed Madonna's original music video to the song. The military segment started with the sound of a helicopter in the background as Madonna's backup dancers, dressed as soldiers, crawled on their bellies as though in the	the	DET	middle	NOUN	 middle
The prince's wife, Catherine Willis Gray, made a point of hurrying onto the train so she could be declared the first woman to ride a steam powered train in America. Until the railroad construction was completed, the locomotive was placed in storage; horse drawn	drawn	VERB	cars	NOUN	 cars
Under the bonus round's original rules, no letters were provided automatically; the contestant was asked for five consonants and a vowel, and had fifteen seconds to attempt solving the puzzle. Also, bonus prizes were selected by the contestant at the start of the round	round	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
According to Kalpa Sūtra, Mahavira spent forty two monsoons of his ascetic life at Astikagrama, Champapuri, Prstichampa, Vaishali, Vanijagrama, Nalanda, Mithila, Bhadrika, Alabhika, Panitabhumi, Shravasti and Pawapuri. After twelve years of rigorous penance, at the age of	of	ADP	43	NUM	 43
In most suspected cases, DVT is ruled out after evaluation, and symptoms are more often due to other causes, such as cellulitis, Baker's cyst, musculoskeletal injury, or lymphedema. Other differential diagnoses include hematoma, tumors, venous or arterial aneurysms, and	and	CCONJ	connective	ADJ	 connective
However, a length of 0.6 – 1.5 m (2.0 – 4.9 ft) and weight of 30 lb (14 kg) is more typical. Females attain a larger size than males. The Atlantic torpedo is widely distributed in cool waters on both sides of the	the	DET	Atlantic	PROPN	 Atlantic
The original idea was raised by a graduates ' association and an open design competition was held for the memorial project. The foundation stone was initially erected along Collyer Quay Street outside the Fullerton Hotel in 1970. After a series of setbacks and delays, the project was	was	AUX	finally	ADV	 finally
He prefers not to speak about his personal life and did not appear on any live TV chat shows until 2010, when he was a guest on The Late Late Show on Ireland's RTÉ to promote Perrier's Bounty yet still remained reserved. He does not have	have	VERB	a	DET	 a
Another storyline follows Sayid working as an assassin after being rescued from the island. " The Economist " was watched by 14 million American viewers and received positive reactions from critics. Jack Shephard (Matthew Fox) and Miles Straume (Ken Leung), calling himself Marvin	Marvin	PROPN	Candle	PROPN	 Candle
Journey time by car or bus to Gateshead town centre from the western fringe is approximately seven minutes and twelve minutes into the centre of Newcastle upon Tyne, while the journey time from the eastern parts of Felling is approximately ten minutes longer. Until the building of the	the	DET	bypass	NOUN	 bypass
Fleeing from the wood in which they were abandoned, possibly nearby Thetford Forest, the children fell into the pits at Woolpit where they were discovered. Local author and folk singer Bob Roberts states in his 1978 book A Slice of Suffolk that " I was told there	there	PRON	are	VERB	 are
The country's delegation consisted of three athletes competing in two sports across three distinct events; Francis Manioru and Pauline Kwalea represented the Solomon Islands in track, while Wendy Hale competed in weightlifting. The arrival of the Solomon Islander delegation in Beijing marked its seventh appearance since	since	SCONJ	its	PRON	 its
Bidding rules prohibit logos containing the Olympic symbol, motto, flag or other imagery including a flame, torch or medal. Chicago agreed to revise the logo. The current redesigned logo was released on September 19, 2007. Using the same color palette, a unique	unique	ADJ	six	NUM	 six
The range of products sold usually depends on the time of day. Lunch items such as hamburgers and fries are traditionally not served during breakfast time. However, some BK stores do sell food under their " Burgers for Breakfast " program. While for several years the	the	DET	company	NOUN	 company
It is chemically related to the amino acid tryptophan, and is structurally similar to the neurotransmitter serotonin. Psilocybin is a member of the general class of tryptophan based compounds that originally functioned as antioxidants in earlier life forms before assuming more complex functions in multicellular organisms, including	including	VERB	humans	NOUN	 humans
Soulforce organizers declined and notified the college of their intent to enter the campus to speak directly with students. After being refused entry, Soulforce formed a picket line outside the entrance to the campus and protested for approximately five hours. Patrick Henry College is located in the	the	DET	town	NOUN	 town
No damage or casualties were reported as a result of the storm in Mexico. Moisture from Madeline contributed to heavy rainfall across southeastern Texas, reaching over 22 inches (560 mm) in some locations. Thirty one people died due to the flooding, and damage totaled	totaled	VERB	$	SYM	 $
Akane's name, which means " deep red, " was intended to evoke the evening sun for the reader. Kitchen Princess marked the first time that manga artist Natsumi Ando illustrated a manga that was not also written by her. Despite this, she did make	make	VERB	some	DET	 some
" (The Malvern Hills, 1798), William Wordsworth: church bells ring as " high as Malvern's cloudy crest " (1835, St. Catherine of Ledbury), Patrick Tytler died in Great Malvern, in 1849, Lord Macaulay: " Till twelve fair	fair	ADJ	counties	NOUN	 counties
" Traditional " accounts of Steinitz describe him as having a sharp tongue and violent temper, perhaps partly because of his short stature (barely five feet) and congenital lameness. He admitted that " Like the Duke of Parma, I always hold the sword in one	one	NUM	hand	NOUN	 hand
Headquartered in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania, with branches in New York City and Washington, D.C., the bank helped underwrite the Union Civil War effort. It was the first " wire " brokerage house, pioneering the use of telegraph messages to confirm securities transactions with clients.	.	PUNCT	The	DET	 The
" To Autumn " is a 33 line poem broken into three stanzas of 11. It discusses how autumn is both a force of growth and maturation, and deals with the theme of approaching death. While the earlier 1819 odes perfected techniques and allowed for variations that	that	PRON	appear	VERB	 appear
He warns that an alien named Vosk (Jack Gwaltney), the leader of a faction of the Temporal Cold War, has altered the timeline with catastrophic consequences. Enterprise was brought to the mid 20th century to end the Temporal Cold War between several factions including the	the	DET	Federation	PROPN	 Federation
However, the review criticised the censorship bureau's failure to catch scenes of Frederick drinking alcohol, which the reviewer found " dangerous to the prestige [of Dutchmen] " considering the large native audiences. Kwee Tek Hoay, writing in Panorama, criticised the film extensively	extensively	ADV	,	PUNCT	,
Accurate as of December 2014 Notes c This is the only quadruple double in French National League history. d This is the only quadruple double in National Basketball League history. e This is the only quadruple double in NCAA Division I men's basketball history. The opponent	opponent	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
In addition, Ramirez and David Ortiz became the first pair of AL teammates to hit 40 home runs, have 100 RBIs, and bat.300 since the Yankees ' Babe Ruth and Lou Gehrig in 1931. Together they hit back to back home runs six times, tying	tying	VERB	the	DET	 the
A goal by Overmars, eleven minutes from the end gave Arsenal the win; Geoff Thomas equalised for Nottingham Forest after Petit headed in the opening goal. A goalless draw against Liverpool was followed by successive 0 – 0 draws, at home to Charlton Athletic and away	away	ADV	to	ADP	 to
" With salutes and courtesies, the Marshal was escorted to Marlborough's coach.... our men fought in and through the fire... until many on both sides were burned to death. – Private Deane, 1st Regiment Foot Guards. Meanwhile, the Allies had once again	again	ADV	attacked	VERB	 attacked
In 1992, the Piwnica pod Baranami cabaret group organized a historical re enactment of the painting. Matejko depicted many important figures of the Polish Renaissance period including taking the liberty to include at least one who were not actually present at the event. In a similar vein	vein	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
" At one dinner in 1791, Godwin records that the conversation focused on " monarch, Tooke, [Samuel] Johnson, Voltaire, pursuits, and religion " [emphasis Godwin's]. Although the conversation was stimulating, Johnson apparently only served his guests simple	simple	ADJ	meals	NOUN	 meals
Yamamoto next sent the light carrier named Ryujo on a bait role ahead of the rest of the fleet, and sending its planes to attack Guadalcanal. This drew attention from the American pilots. Meanwhile, the aircraft from the two fleet carriers would next charge in to	to	PART	attack	VERB	 attack
However, he was further upset when word came that Brissot, the Girondin leader, was executed. This caused him to believe that all of the countries were equally bad, except the Republican United States, which he hoped to make his home. In 1794,	,	PUNCT	many	ADJ	 many
MacFarlane drew inspiration for the voice of Peter from a security guard he overheard talking while attending the Rhode Island School of Design. Stewie's voice was based on the voice of English actor Rex Harrison, especially his performance in the 1964 musical My Fair Lady. MacFarlane	MacFarlane	PROPN	uses	VERB	 uses
However, due to the difference in the historical and social culture of India, the debate in favour of Indian women had to be conducted creatively and certain Western ideas had to be rejected. Women's issues began to gain an international prominence when the decade of 1975	1975	NUM	–	PUNCT	 –
In 1998, Solomos and Scoffield decided to devote their time to creating art (and later film production), and ownership was passed to Peter Birkemoe and Shane Chung, who expanded operations. In 1992 it relocated to a two floor Victorian building in Mirvish Village in	in	ADP	Toronto	PROPN	 Toronto
There are several sports and recreational grounds located on the river course or gravel pit and artificial lakes adjacent to the Sava. Tacen Whitewater Course, located on the right bank of the Sava in Tacen suburb of Ljubljana, was built as a permanent kayaking course in 1948	1948	NUM	.	PUNCT	.
Resident Evil: Revelations is set between Resident Evil 4 and Resident Evil 5 and depicts the events shortly after the establishment of the counter terrorism group Bioterrorism Security Assessment Alliance (BSAA). One year prior to the game's events, the Federal Bioterrorism Commission (FBC	FBC	PROPN	)	PUNCT	)
Their main line of advance was along the axis of the north south national highway QL 1. When General Creighton Abrams ' headquarters in Saigon learned of large NVA movement south of the DMZ, a number of B 52s had been sent on " Arc Light " missions	missions	NOUN	without	ADP	 without
Lightning then strikes the antenna, giving it extra power and projecting it into every radio in Springfield. Lisa is finally satisfied. After proclaiming " that was for you Bleeding Gums, " she turns to leave, but not before Bleeding Gums appears from the heavens to	to	PART	tell	VERB	 tell
The design of the concourse galleries is intended to evoke the image of the edge of the forest, partly as a counterpoint to the coastal nature of the exterior, and partly because the edge of the forest in folklore and mythology represents a line between the real world	world	NOUN	and	CCONJ	 and
He also believed that making Main Street one way would reduce the total amount of routes available to vehicles passing through the village and would adversely route traffic away from the businesses along Main. Originally, NY 32 had two suffixed routes, NY 32A and NY 32B,	,	PUNCT	that	PRON	 that
Roger d'Amory was the constable of the castle during the early years of Edward's reign. D ' Amory was a royal favourite and Edward II visited the Castle several times, with an extensive renovation of the rooms and quarters occurring during this time. Around £500	500	NUM	was	AUX	 was
Meyer Landrut's victory received much attention in Germany and the show was seen by 15 million viewers on German television (a 49.1 percent market share). She returned to Hanover the following day, where she was greeted by 40,000 people. In June, " Satellite	Satellite	PROPN	"	PUNCT	 "
Concentrically ringed (zonate) caps occur in all Multifurca and several Lactarius species. Laterally stiped (pleurotoid) fruitbodies exist in some, mainly tropical Lactifluus and Russula species. Taste is a distinguishing characteristic in many species, from mild to very acrid. A conspicuous feature	feature	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
Yet, though religion continued to serve in this central role, his studies at Stellenbosch, with their decidedly scientific bias, led Smuts towards a more critical examination of his faith. From this time onwards Smuts was, by gradual degrees, to start to move away	away	ADV	from	ADP	 from
The stamens usually arise from all over the inner surface of the upper part of the floral tube, although in some cacti, the stamens are produced in one or more distinct " series " in more specific areas of the inside of the floral tube. The flower	flower	NOUN	as	ADP	 as
In their Solo Beatles Compendium, Chip Madinger and Mark Easter dismiss the track as a " song which goes on far too long to make its simple point ", a situation not helped by a " histrionic " vocal from Harrison. Reviewing the 2006 reissue of Living	Living	VERB	in	ADP	 in
Tristano's teaching also affected the art of painter Robert Ryman, who had music lessons with the pianist: Ryman's " technique not only parallels music in general but shares the principles of kinesthetic and multisensorial attention to detail that characterized the teaching of Lennie Tristano. "	"	PUNCT	Shim	PRON	 Shim
The Locust plan to destroy the rock structures at the outskirts of Jacinto, the last major Human city, in hopes of sinking it into the ground. Delta Squad kills the Riftworm before it can sink Jacinto and returns to the surface. They are ordered to investigate	investigate	VERB	a	DET	 a
The remnants of Florence turned the northeast along a cold front, crossing Georgia before emerging near Savannah. The storm paralleled the Carolinas just offshore, dissipating on September 28 southeast of New England. While the storm was first developing, Florence dropped heavy rainfall up to 10	10	NUM	in	ADP	 in
Coolidge's speech was the first presidential speech to be broadcast over the radio. The Washington Naval Treaty was proclaimed just one month into Coolidge's term, and was generally well received in the country. In May 1924, the World War I veterans ' World War	War	PROPN	Adjusted	PROPN	 Adjusted
In his 1990 autobiography An American Life, Reagan claimed that he was deeply committed to securing the release of the hostages; it was this compassion that supposedly motivated his support for the arms initiatives. The president requested that the " moderate " Iranians do everything in their	their	PRON	capability	NOUN	 capability
Two goals came from Lawrence McLachlan who was an influential goalscorer in the club's early successes; scoring more times than any other East Stirlingshire player with 135 known goals. The latter years of the 19th century was East Stirlingshire's most successful era in the Scottish Cup	Cup	PROPN	.	PUNCT	.
These animals carry pollen loads comparable to those of nectarivorous birds, making them effective pollinators. Grey headed flying foxes (Pteropus poliocephalus) were also observed visiting B. aemula and their heads and bellies were noted to contact stigmas while feeding. Bird species that have been observed	observed	VERB	feeding	VERB	 feeding
Tolkien intended The Hobbit as a " fairy story " and wrote it in a tone suited to addressing children although he said later that the book was not specifically written for children but had rather been created out of his interest in mythology and legend. Many of the	the	DET	initial	ADJ	 initial
Unas reigned for 15 to 30 years in the mid 24th century BC succeeding Djedkare Isesi, who might have been his father. Little is known of Unas ' activities during his reign, which was a time of economic decline. Egypt maintained trade relations with the Levantine	Levantine	PROPN	coast	NOUN	 coast
These disorders are typically related to damage to the cerebral white matter and basal ganglia. Hallmark pathological changes following poisoning are bilateral necrosis of the white matter, globus pallidus, cerebellum, hippocampus and the cerebral cortex. Carbon monoxide poisoning in pregnant women may cause severe adverse	adverse	ADJ	fetal	ADJ	 fetal
" After the 2008 season, a poll of 1,565 NFL players rated the surface at Heinz Field as the worst of the 18 natural surfaces in the League. The DDGrassmaster surface was removed in January 2009 and replaced with the old sod placed on top of the DDGrassmaster	DDGrassmaster	PROPN	surface	NOUN	 surface
It debuted at number twenty five on the Billboard Hot Christian Songs chart for the chart week of February 18, 2006. It advanced to number nineteen in its second chart week and to number ten in its sixth week. It entered the top five in its eight	eight	NUM	chart	NOUN	 chart
" Popke speculated that if Moore created more albums based on obscure films, " he might just alter the face of the genre. " Martien Koolen of DPRP described Graveyard Mountain Home as " a typical album for dark, wintry afternoons, " although conceded that "	"	PUNCT	it	PRON	 it
Frances Monson died on May 17, 2013. Monson was born on August 21, 1927, in Salt Lake City, Utah to G. Spencer Monson (1901 – 1979) and Gladys Condie Monson (1902 – 1973). The second of six children, he	he	PRON	grew	VERB	 grew
This investment decline, but growth in installed capacity, may again occur in 2013. Analysts expect the market to triple by 2030. In 2015, investment in renewables exceeded fossils. The incentive to use 100% renewable energy for electricity, transport, or even total	total	ADJ	primary	ADJ	 primary
A decorated United States Army veteran, Burge served tours in South Korea and Vietnam and continued as an enlisted United States Army Reserve soldier where he served in the military police. He then returned to the South Side of Chicago and began his career as a police officer	officer	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
Over the next four years Olivier spent much of his time working as a producer, presenting plays rather than directing or acting in them. His presentations at the St James's included seasons by Ruggero Ruggeri's company giving two Pirandello plays in Italian, followed by a	a	DET	visit	NOUN	 visit
The sclerotium measures from 1.5 to 3 by 0.5 μm, and is a pale yellow colour. Clamp connections are present in the hyphae. Typhula quisquiliaris fruit bodies are typically found in rows, growing from plant detritus. The species favours bracken, especially Pteridium aquilinum,	,	PUNCT	but	CCONJ	 but
The other is a much larger work, 217 centimetres (85 in) long. In both these Annunciations, Leonardo used a formal arrangement, such as in Fra Angelico's two well known pictures of the same subject, of the Virgin Mary sitting or kneeling to	to	ADP	the	DET	 the
The development of organofluorine chemistry was a spin off from the Manhattan Project, during which elemental fluorine was produced on an industrial scale for the first time. The need for fluorine arose from the need to separate the isotope235U from 238U because the former, present in natural	natural	ADJ	uranium	NOUN	 uranium
Never before in the history of Christianity has there been such a complete move to orthodox Christianity by an unorthodox fringe church. Vern Bullough, a secular humanist and senior editor of Free Inquiry, commented on the significance of the changes noting: The shedding of almost every	every	PRON	doctrine	NOUN	 doctrine
" " Nasty ", the album's second single, beat " What Have You Done for Me Lately " by one position, peaking at number three on the Hot 100 and at number one on the Hot Black Singles chart. It was certified gold in November	November	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
After that, Bonnie quickly lost its tropical characteristics and was declared extratropical late that afternoon, just east of the Azores. The extratropical low drifted back to the southwest in a clockwise loop, actually approaching the Azores once again while dissipating. It dissipated on October 2	2	NUM	.	PUNCT	.
P. m. corsus also resembles the nominate form but has duller upperparts, less white in the tail and less yellow in the nape. P. m. mallorcae is like the nominate subspecies, but has a larger bill, greyer blue upperparts and slightly paler underparts. P. m.	m.	NOUN	ecki	PROPN	 ecki
Kerr later wrote that at this point, Whitlam got to his feet, looked at the office's phones, and stated, " I must get in touch with the Palace at once. " Whitlam, however disputed this, and stated that he asked Kerr if	if	SCONJ	he	PRON	 he
He offered a peace treaty that included the lands he had already lost, and a ransom of 10,000 talents for his family. Alexander replied that since he was now king of Asia, it was he alone who decided territorial divisions. Alexander proceeded to take possession of	of	ADP	Syria	PROPN	 Syria
The ship was powered by a four shaft turbo electric drive, rated at 28,900 shaft horsepower (21,600 kW) and eight Babcock & Wilcox boilers, generating a top speed of 21 knots (39 km / h; 24 mph). She had a range of	of	ADP	8,000	NUM	 8,000
Britain agreed to negotiate, and a six member commission convened in Washington in June 1887. Bayard led the American delegation, joined by James Burrill Angell, president of the University of Michigan, and William LeBaron Putnam, a Maine lawyer and international law scholar. Joseph	Joseph	PROPN	Chamberlain	PROPN	 Chamberlain
The work also is related to Lichtenstein's theme of " machine and embodied vision " as exhibited in works such as Crak!, Bratatat!, and Jet Pilot. The narrative content, " Okay, hot shot, okay! I'm pouring! [ammunition	ammunition	NOUN	into	ADP	 into
The extended remix features a rap verse by Mobb Deep; both versions were well received by contemporary music critics. In the music video, Carey is seen in a limousine recounting an encounter she shared on a rainy night. Additionally, past scenes of the event are	are	AUX	shown	VERB	 shown
The Turgesh followed after them and attacked and captured the Arab baggage train on 1 October, before both sides settled for winter quarters. Harith now emerged from hiding and joined the khagan. Harith now counselled the khagan to take advantage of the dispersal of the Arab army	army	NOUN	to	ADP	 to
Pfeiffer is mentioned in Vance Joy's 2013 song, " Riptide " (" I swear she's destined for the screen, Closest thing to Michelle Pfeiffer that you've ever seen ") Joy told reporters that the Pfeiffer film moment which led him to include her	her	PRON	name	NOUN	 name
Some of the women are said to be good looking, but all appear to be terribly depraved. John Walton, the skipper of the boat and Wyatt Earp, the Peoria Bummer, were each fined $43.15. Sarah Earp, alias Sally Heckell, calls herself	herself	PRON	the	DET	 the
Andrew Shore appeared as Noye, and Felicity Palmer as Mrs Noye. This performance was broadcast in the UK on BBC Radio 3 on 24 November. Outside the UK, several professional companies mounted centenary year productions involving local children, including the Santa Fe Opera, and	and	CCONJ	the	DET	 the
Where natural barriers like ravines and rivers sufficed for defence, the walls were erected sparingly, but long fortified lines were laid where such advantageous terrains did not exist. Often in addition to the wall, the defensive system included garrisons and beacon towers inside the wall,	,	PUNCT	and	CCONJ	 and
Some Tambu reviewers contrasted Lukather's vocals with those of former singers Kimball and Williams (and indeed, heavily criticized the entire album), some concert reviewers noted that he struggled vocally on certain songs, and a number of backup singers and guest vocalists accompanied the band	band	NOUN	's	PART	's
Rowan Williams, Archbishop of Canterbury, stated that " [it] will inevitably have a significant impact on the Anglican Communion throughout the world and it is too early to say what the result of that will be. " He added: " [I] t	t	PROPN	is	AUX	 is
German Sixth Army commander General Ludwig von Falkenhausen was responsible for the Cambrai – Lille sector and commanded 20 divisions, plus reserves. Vimy Ridge itself was principally defended by the ad hoc Gruppe Vimy formation based under I Bavarian Reserve Corps commander General der Infanterie Karl von Fasbender	Fasbender	PROPN	.	PUNCT	.
Jugadai died in 2008, her funeral held at Haasts Bluff, where she was born. Daisy Jugadai had an older sister, artist Molly Jugadai Napaltjarri, and another sister, Ester, who predeceased her. The contemporary Indigenous Australian art movement began in the western desert	desert	NOUN	in	ADP	 in
However, the coalition was defeated in battle at Raphia. Reʾe fled back to Egypt, Raphia and Gaza were looted and Hanno was burnt alive by the Assyrians. A different opinion came from Israeli scholar Dan ' el Kahn who proposed an earlier datation for the accession	accession	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
The fruit bodies, or mushrooms, have conic to bell shaped to convex caps that are initially dark brown but fade to brownish gray when young, reaching diameters of up to 4 cm (1.6 in). They are typically wrinkled or somewhat grooved, and have	have	VERB	reddish	ADJ	 reddish
After the release of Twilight, she was hired by Summit to adapt the sequels New Moon and Eclipse, the second and third books in the series, respectively, and she had already begun drafting the New Moon screenplay by November 2008. In July 2010, Rosenberg	Rosenberg	PROPN	left	VERB	 left
With 51 laps left, the caution period ended, and Wheldon slowly built a gap over Kanaan of 1.8834 seconds entering the final 20 laps. Wheldon made a pit stop on lap 186, giving Kanaan, who had been conserving fuel since early in the race,	,	PUNCT	the	DET	 the
The brothers reach Beanbean Castle Town and step into a trap laid by Cackletta that drops them into the sewers. The brothers learn that Cackletta's goal is to steal the Beanstar, a mystical object inside the castle which once awoken with Peach's voice will grant all	all	PRON	of	ADP	 of
The energy from the collision was similar in size to exploding five tons of dynamite and the comet shone six times brighter than normal. A mission timeline is located at Impact Phase Timeline (NASA). Mission control did not become aware of the impactor's success until	until	ADP	five	NUM	 five
The Miami Heat retired the number 23 jersey on April 11, 2003, even though Jordan never played for the team. At the 2003 All Star Game, Jordan was offered a starting spot from Tracy McGrady and Allen Iverson, but refused both. In the end	end	NOUN	he	PRON	 he
Described as a " certifiably insane party game that is a must buy for any Wii owner ", GamePro felt that the game further proves that the Wii is the " must have " console when playing with friends. GamesRadar shared this sentiment, noting that although the	the	DET	game	NOUN	 game
" However, with Sexton needed only seven points to win the championship, Adams stepped to the table and ran out, making 1,181 points in a row to win the match. Adams ' chief professional rivalry in later years was with Louis Shaw. In 1891 Adams	Adams	PROPN	and	CCONJ	 and
Seward returned to Auburn. Restless in Auburn, Seward embarked on a trip across North America by the new transcontinental railroad. In Salt Lake City, Utah Territory, he met with Mormon leader Brigham Young, who had worked as a carpenter on Seward's house (	(	PUNCT	then	ADV	then
The fifteenth named storm, ninth and final hurricane of the 2001 season, Olga formed as a subtropical cyclone on November 24. After acquiring tropical characteristics later that day, Olga meandered westward, and eventually reached hurricane status on November 26. Olga ’ s winds peaked	peaked	VERB	at	ADP	 at
The 6th Battalion's losses totalled 80 killed and 66 wounded. Following the attack on the German Officers ' Trench, Bennett's battalion was withdrawn from the front line briefly, before relieving the 1st Brigade, which had successfully captured Lone Pine. The August Offensive failed	failed	VERB	and	CCONJ	 and
Nagato, the lead ship of the class, frequently served as a flagship. Both ships carried supplies for the survivors of the Great Kantō earthquake in 1923. They were modernized in 1933 – 36 with improvements to their armor and machinery and a rebuilt superstructure in the	the	DET	pagoda	ADJ	 pagoda
According to the digital sheet music published at Musicnotes.com by Sony / ATV Music Publishing, Little Mix's vocal range in the song span from the note of A3 to E5. Written in the key of A major, the track is set in common time at a	a	DET	moderate	ADJ	 moderate
Impalement of pirates, rather than highway robbers, is also occasionally recorded. In October 1767, for example, Hassan Bey, who had preyed on Turkish ships in the Euxine Sea for a number of years, was captured and impaled, even though he had offered	offered	VERB	500.000	NUM	 500.000
By then, ADV had divested many of their assets: the company transferred licenses to Honey and other works to AEsir Holdings, their home video distribution arm to Section23 Films, and Anime Network to Valkyrie Media Partners on June 1 that year. Writer Kurōdo Kyū (	(	PUNCT	クロード	PROPN	クロード
Between 1870 and 1900, the United States population nearly doubled in size, gainful employment increased by 132 percent, and non farm labor constituted 60 percent of the work force. Inevitably, Grant's low standards in cabinet appointments, and his readiness to cover for associates	associates	NOUN	or	CCONJ	 or
A significant change to Sims's dancing style came about as a result of his interaction with Harlem's hoofers, practitioners of a variation on the tap he had learned on the west coast. Sims would later define the main difference between tap and hoofing as being that	that	DET	tap	NOUN	 tap
By August 1859, Neighbors had moved the Indians from the Brazos Reservation to Indian Territory, south of the Washita River near Fort Cobb. In 1865, near present day Wichita, Kansas, the three tribes signed another treaty that provided for the reservation in present day	day	NOUN	Oklahoma	PROPN	 Oklahoma
Each of these amendments would have placed restrictions on the scope and ratification of treaties and executive agreements entered into by the United States and are named for their sponsor, Republican Senator John W. Bricker of Ohio. Non interventionism, the view that the United States should not	not	PART	become	AUX	 become
A sleep deficit accumulates with successive sleep deprived days, and additional fatigue may be caused by breaking daily sleep into two shorter periods in place of a single unbroken period of sleep. A sleep deficit is not instantly reduced by one night's sleep; it may take	take	VERB	two	NUM	 two
Elagabalus declared the date of the victory at Antioch to be the beginning of his reign and assumed the imperial titles without prior senatorial approval, which violated tradition but was a common practice among 3rd century emperors nonetheless. Letters of reconciliation were dispatched to Rome extending amnesty to	to	ADP	the	DET	 the
Gibbons writes that a queen's duty was to secure the succession to the crown and look after her husband; historians described Isabeau as having failed in both respects, and she came to be seen as one of the great villains of history. Gibbons goes on to	to	PART	say	VERB	 say
After touring in support of One by One, Dave Grohl was uncertain on what to do next with the Foo Fighters. He felt that rushing to do another record would not be creatively rewarding. Grohl considered a possible film score, and began writing acoustic songs,	,	PUNCT	eventually	ADV	 eventually
" Doomsday " is the first episode in the history of Doctor Who where the Cybermen and the Daleks appear on screen together; Cybermen and Daleks were both featured in The Five Doctors and " Army of Ghosts ", but in separate scenes. The two part finale	finale	NOUN	was	AUX	 was
Beginning in mid 1940, the ship's anti aircraft armament was increased, although when exactly the modifications were made is not known. The rear set of torpedo tubes was replaced by a 3 inch (76.2 mm) (12 pounder) AA gun and the quadruple.50	quadruple.50	PROPN	calibre	PROPN	 calibre
However Cambridge held the overall lead, with 68 victories to Oxford's 60. Originally scheduled to take place on Saturday 17 March, the Cambridge cox, Peter Hobson, steered their boat into a moored barge during the warmup, destroying the bow. The crew paddled	paddled	VERB	to	ADP	 to
By the middle of 1960, the freeway was extended to M 118 in Martin, where traffic used M 118 to connect back to the old routing. The southern end of US 131 was moved to another location on the state line. Instead of running concurrently with	with	ADP	US	PROPN	 US
Examples include the removal of a fallopian tube in the case of an ectopic pregnancy, removal of a pregnant cancerous uterus, or an appendectomy. The United States Catechism for Adults devotes a section to in vitro fertilization, stem cell research and cloning in its explanation of	of	ADP	the	DET	 the
Smilodon probably lived in a closed habitat such as forest or bush. Fossils of the genus have been found throughout the Americas. In North America, the varied habitat supported other saber toothed cats in addition to Smilodon, such as Homotherium and Xenosmilus; the habitat here	here	ADV	varied	ADJ	 varied
The win put the Browns two games ahead of the 49ers in the AAFC's western conference with four games to play. Cleveland beat the Rockets 51 – 14 at home before a crowd of 60,457, the fourth time during the season that attendance at Cleveland Stadium surpassed	surpassed	VERB	60,000	NUM	 60,000
In Episode Two, a smaller equivalent to the Strider, the Hunter, is introduced. These 2.5 m (8 ft) tall, tripodal assault machines fire explosive flechettes at targets and are small enough to maneuver indoors. Other synths are seen near the end of	of	ADP	the	DET	 the
The word meditation comes from the Latin word meditārī, which has a range of meanings including to reflect on, to study and to practice. Christian meditation is the process of deliberately focusing on specific thoughts (such as a bible passage) and reflecting on their meaning	meaning	NOUN	in	ADP	 in
He then made two frame winning breaks to lift the title. His 11 century breaks were the most in that year's tournament. Murphy's victory was considered a major surprise. His pre tournament odds were 150 – 1, and before his win he was considered	considered	VERB	an	DET	 an
He was also the inaugural secretary treasurer of the West Virginia Real Estate Dealers ' Association. Swisher was secretary of the Royalty Oil Company, which owned mining rights for approximately 16,000 acres (65 km2) of prospective oil lands throughout the United States. In addition,	,	PUNCT	he	PRON	 he
Habré quickly reacted to this setback and to the continued bombing of FANT concentrations in northern Chad. On September 5, 1987 he mounted a surprise raid against the key Libyan air base at Maaten al Sarra. Reportedly, 1,000 Libyans were killed, 300 were captured,	,	PUNCT	and	CCONJ	 and
Recording sessions began in New York in October 1965 with numerous backing musicians, including members of Dylan's live backing band, the Hawks. Though sessions continued until January 1966, they yielded only one track that made it onto the final album — " One of Us	Us	PROPN	Must	AUX	 Must
To lead the Valois chapel project, Catherine chose Francesco Primaticcio, who had worked for Henry at Fontainebleau. Primaticcio designed the chapel as a round building, crowned by a dome, to be joined to the north transept of the basilica. The interior and exterior of	of	ADP	the	DET	 the
The 7 " picture disc included the radio edit and Tony Lamezma Remix of " Love Machine ". " Love Machine " was written by Miranda Cooper, Brian Higgins, Tim Powell, Nick Coler, Lisa Cowling, Myra Boyle, Shawn Lee. They came up	up	ADP	with	ADP	 with
She took her cabaret act to smaller venues in the United States. Turner earned further income by appearing on shows such as The Hollywood Squares, Donny and Marie, The Sonny & Cher Show and The Brady Bunch Hour. Later in 1977, Turner headlined her first	first	ADJ	solo	ADJ	 solo
Males also have single small spurs on each rear leg, believed to be a defensive weapon that has since been lost through evolution. Echidnas typically try to avoid confrontation with predators. Instead, they use the colour of their spines, which is similar to the vegetation	vegetation	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
During World War II, her anti aircraft battery was strengthened by the addition of nine 20 mm (0.79 in) guns. Dorsetshire was laid down at the Portsmouth Dockyard on 21 September 1927 and was launched on 21 January 1929. After completing fitting out work on	on	ADP	30	NUM	 30
". Some of the Daleks are survivors of previous encounters with the Doctor on Spiridon (Planet of the Daleks), Kembel (The Daleks ' Master Plan), Exxilon (Death to the Daleks), Aridius (The Chase), and Vulcan (The	The	DET	Power	PROPN	 Power
The queen was originally the fers or farzin, which could move one square diagonally in any direction. In European chess it became able to leap two squares diagonally, forwards, backwards, or to left or right on its first move; some area also gave this	this	DET	right	NOUN	 right
The Turks sacked Derbent and joined the Byzantines in their siege of Tiflis. Their contribution proved decisive for the eventual Byzantine victory in the war. For a few years afterwards, until ca. 632, the Khazars exercised some control over Caucasian Iberia (approximately modern Georgia	Georgia	PROPN	)	PUNCT	)
Others may lose consciousness and collapse (sometimes people may not collapse), and confusion. Children who get stung will show symptoms such as floppiness and paleness if a severe allergic reaction occurs. In individuals allergic to the venom (about 2 – 3% of the	the	DET	population	NOUN	 population
In the 17th century, James Gregory also worked in this area and published several Maclaurin series. It was not until 1715 however that a general method for constructing these series for all functions for which they exist was finally provided by Brook Taylor, after whom the series	series	NOUN	are	AUX	 are
I was informed that they were very light, had a flexibility in their limbs and were of a dusky color. " However, their popularity proved their undoing. In 1762 Bishop of Ross and Caithness Robert Forbes recorded in his journal that Murdoch Kennedy... played such	such	ADJ	wretched	ADJ	 wretched
As early as November 2, 1856, while the Willie and Martin companies were still making their way to safety, Brigham Young responded to criticism of his own leadership by rebuking Franklin Richards and Daniel Spencer for allowing the companies to leave so late. However, many	many	ADJ	authors	NOUN	 authors
These tables, which predate the text of the Vulgate, were developed to cross reference the Gospels. Eusebius divided the Gospel into chapters and then created tables that allowed readers to find where a given episode in the life of Christ was located in each of the Gospels	Gospels	PROPN	.	PUNCT	.
" She says that the film's sexual content and abundant nudity make it " the first of Argento's films to have an overtly erotic aspect ", and further notes that " Tenebrae is fraught with free floating anxiety that is specifically sexual in nature. " Gracey	Gracey	ADJ	notes	VERB	 notes
In Ireland, it entered the Irish Singles Chart at number eight on the week ending July 7, 2005 and peaked at number four three weeks later. Elsewhere in Europe, the song was also a success; it peaked at number three in Austria, number seven	seven	NUM	in	ADP	 in
Playstation Official Magazine UK placed Batman: Arkham City as their number 2 Game Of the Year. IGN labeled it the Best PC Action Game of 2011. 1UP.com placed the games main theme song as number 6 on its " Top 10 Theme Songs of 2011 ".	.	PUNCT	In	ADP	 In
He was awarded an FA contract running to the end of the 2005 – 06 season in October, with the option of another year. He made 40 league appearances and scored 12 goals for Frickley in the 2005 – 06 season, with 14 goals in all competitions	competitions	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
" I didn't add any new elements [to the modern synthetic theory] to speak of. I just modified things so that people could understand how things were in the plant world. " Stebbins took an appointment at the University of California, Davis in 1950	1950	NUM	,	PUNCT	,
Roman writers disdained Latin for a cultured Greek style. Many aspects of Roman culture were borrowed from the Greeks. In architecture and sculpture, the difference between Greek models and Roman paintings are apparent. The chief Roman contributions to architecture were the arch and the dome.	.	PUNCT	Rome	PROPN	 Rome
As they continue east, the two routes split into one way streets, eastbound Liberty Avenue and westbound Camanche Avenue. The one way street alignment ends at 11th Avenue South, but quickly begins again as US 30 / US 67 turn to the north onto northbound South	South	PROPN	Third	PROPN	 Third
Although the huia's range was restricted to the southern North Island, its tail feathers were valued highly and were exchanged among tribes for other valuable goods such as pounamu and shark teeth, or given as tokens of friendship and respect. Through this trade, the feathers	feathers	NOUN	reached	VERB	 reached
GPx4 is the only known enzyme that efficiently reduces lipid hydroperoxides within biological membranes. However, the roles and importance of the various forms of vitamin E are presently unclear, and it has even been suggested that the most important function of α tocopherol is as a signaling	signaling	VERB	molecule	NOUN	 molecule
Lectins are sugar binding proteins that are used in blood typing, biochemical studies and medical research. A lectin has been purified and characterized from S. coccinea fruit bodies that can bind selectively to several specific carbohydrate molecules, including lactose. Sarcoscypha coccinea was used as a medicinal	medicinal	ADJ	fungus	NOUN	 fungus
Around this time, an AP poll showed that 85.1 percent of Republicans believed Goldwater was the " strongest candidate " for the party, cementing his place as front runner. Meanwhile, a Gallup poll showed that former Vice President Richard Nixon, who had not shown an	an	DET	interest	NOUN	 interest
Roosevelt's youth was in large part shaped by his poor health partly related to his asthma. He experienced recurring nighttime asthma attacks that caused the experience of being smothered to death, terrifying the boy and his parents. During the 1930s – 1950s, asthma was known	known	VERB	as	ADP	 as
Absorption lines are explicitly described as not being visible. The letters refer to Fraunhofer's spectral notation and correspond to Hα, HeI (" D " usually refers to the sodium doublet, but " d " or " D3 " was used for the nearby helium line	line	NOUN	)	PUNCT	)
It is the first Star Trek film and stars the cast of the original 1966 – 1969 Star Trek television series. The film is set in the twenty third century when a mysterious and immensely powerful alien cloud known as V ' Ger approaches Earth, destroying everything in	in	ADP	its	PRON	 its
The city of Telluride, Colorado was named in hope of a strike of gold telluride (which never materialized, though gold metal ore was found). Gold itself is usually found uncombined, but when found naturally as a chemical compound, it is most often combined	combined	VERB	with	ADP	 with
I also remember how we visited Dr. Weizmann [later first president of Israel] in his home in Rehovot. Just before Jaffa was conquered by Israeli troops in April 1948, the family fled to their house near Majdal, but the Jewish militias arrived there too,	,	PUNCT	and	CCONJ	 and
In mid January, Pedro de Ayala, Count of Salvatierra, joined the comuneros and organized an army of about two thousand men who set about raiding the north of Castile. Nearby, Burgos awaited the fulfillment of the pledges made by Cardinal Adrian after they had joined	joined	VERB	the	DET	 the
Amongst the slower runners, Heidfeld had a worrying moment when his engine cover was shed from the chassis on the main straight. The race started at 14: 00 local time. The conditions on the grid were dry and cloudy before the race. The air temperature	temperature	NOUN	was	AUX	 was
I told them I thought they were wrong. I don't think that what I did here was out of character for Scully. The only thing different is that the audience hadn't seen it before. " Initially, Anderson called up Morgan and asked him to	to	PART	write	VERB	 write
He felt that the open cabildo would lack legitimacy if too many criollos were allowed to take part in it as a result of the aforementioned manipulation of the guest list. The meeting lasted from morning to midnight, including the reading of the proclamation, the debate and	and	CCONJ	the	DET	 the
They earned a small wage for their labour which was put into an account, known as a Prisoner's Trust Fund, which would be given to them upon leaving Alcatraz. They made items such as gloves, furniture mats, and army uniforms. The laundry room	room	NOUN	occupied	VERB	 occupied
" King has said that he was going to call the book The Shine, before realising that " shine " had been used as a derogatory term for black people. In 1988, Ono allowed the footwear and apparel company Nike to feature " Instant Karma! "	"	PUNCT	in	ADP	 in
The testing process of the game was unusual for GT Interactive as the British team did game play testing whilst normally American games were only tested in Europe for language and other compatibility issues. The soundtrack features mostly ambient music composed by Ellen Meijers. Because of the lack	lack	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
The top of the armored deck was only about 18 inches (460 mm) above the waterline. It was protected by two layers of 1 ⁄ 2 inch (13 mm) wrought iron armor. The sides of the " raft " consisted of three to five	five	NUM	layers	NOUN	 layers
The Romans probably would have extended their conquests had Carus not died in December of that year. After a brief peace early in Diocletian's reign, the Persians renewed hostilities when they invaded Armenia and defeated the Romans outside Carrhae in either 296 or 297. However,	,	PUNCT	Galerius	PROPN	 Galerius
Family Trade was considered by many to be a risk for GSN due to the network's history of exclusively airing game shows. Greg Braxton of the Los Angeles Times called the show a " game changer ", and a " key part in [GSN's]	]	PUNCT	strategy	NOUN	 strategy
Thus, the ninety six year old Gherardo, the Cardinal Patriarch of Venice, who was paid only 5,000 ducats, constituted the deciding vote. According to Professor Picotti, who extensively researched the conclave and came to the conclusion that simony had occurred, no accounts of	of	ADP	papal	ADJ	 papal
The damage Vertu had taken early in the combat rendered Lhermitte unable to continue the action, and his ship gradually fell out of the line to the south. Captain Pierre Julien Tréhouart turned Cybèle away too, using sweeps to reach Vertu and take the ship under tow	tow	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
Another stock plot device in the 1970s was the gay character in a police drama. They served as victims of blackmail or anti gay violence, but more often as criminals. Beginning in the late 1960s with N.Y.P.D., Police Story, and Police Woman, the use	use	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
By 28 May, an island had appeared, and was named Syrtlingur (Little Surtsey). The new island was washed away during early June, but reappeared on 14 June. Eruptions at Syrtlingur were much smaller in scale than those that had built Surtsey, with	with	ADP	the	DET	 the
Vincent had been concerned that camouflaging the airfield as open land would look too suspicious from the air; Northolt was surrounded by housing and so a large open area would draw attention. A fake stream was painted across the main runway while the hangars were decorated to look	look	VERB	like	ADP	 like
Although the rightful writers of the content have been disputed, the recording sessions have been described as influential on future recordings from Aguilera. Musically the album generally consisted of ballad material which was created in an effort to showcase Aguilera's vocal talents although in addition to the	the	DET	ballads	NOUN	 ballads
Imo met American tramp steamer SS Clara being piloted up the wrong (western) side of the harbour. The pilots agreed to pass starboard to starboard. Soon afterwards though, Imo was forced to head even further towards the Dartmouth shore after passing the tugboat Stella Maris	Maris	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
The potter asked which of them had realised the dharma first, to which the patient answered in the affirmative. Thereupon the potter made his vow. Despite the differences in the accounts, all of them agree on his words when announcing his vow: By the merit	merit	NOUN	I	PRON	 I
" He resigned from his position at Haverford and moved his family to Haddonfield, in part to be closer to the fossil beds of western New Jersey. Due to the time consuming nature of his Haverford position, Cope had not had time to attend to his farm	farm	NOUN	and	CCONJ	 and
In addition, the education would help to reinforce students ' ethical values and inspire them to prevent others from making unethical decisions. Critics argue that an individual is ethical or not, and that teaching an ethics course would serve no purpose. Despite opposition, instruction on	on	ADP	accounting	NOUN	 accounting
In addition to the Deputy Commander for Cadets, squadrons also have a Leadership Officer, a senior member whose job is to see to the military aspects of the cadet program, such as uniforms, customs and courtesies. As of 31 August 2013, CAP had 60,760	60,760	NUM	members	NOUN	 members
It reached the top twenty on the charts in Denmark, Finland, Ireland and Norway. The song's music video was directed by Tim Royes and filmed in a public toilet at a club in Romford. It features the Sugababes dressed in latex outfits, where they	they	PRON	appear	VERB	 appear
The producers felt that shooting on the lab set was the " hardest set to shoot at on the planet " because it contained several levels that inhibited the crew's ability to move cameras around. As Goldsman had an aversion to shooting in hospitals, they used a	a	DET	church	NOUN	 church
VanDerWerff noted that he thoroughly enjoyed the concept, pointing out that the " sheer level of crazy stuff that goes on in this episode makes it fun to watch ". He wrote that " [n] othing else had ever been this skillfully done on television before	before	ADP	"	PUNCT	 "
They are a sizeable minority of the Protoss who reject the Khala out of fear of losing their individuality inside the psychic link. The Nerazim are treated as heretics by the Khalai Protoss and are forcibly evicted from Aiur. Despite their persecution, the majority of Dark Templar	Templar	PROPN	do	AUX	 do
We want the people there, to hear in Leicester Square, That we're the boys that never get downhearted. " The square is mentioned in the lyrics of several rock group tracks, including the Rolling Stones ' notorious " Cocksucker Blues ", (1970)	)	PUNCT	"	PUNCT	 "
The lower limit for sustained proton – proton nuclear fusion is about 0.08 M ☉ or 80 times the mass of Jupiter. Below this threshold are sub stellar objects that can not sustain hydrogen fusion, known as brown dwarfs. Because there is a temperature difference between the	the	DET	core	NOUN	 core
Bond also stated that " the homicidal impulse may have developed from a revengeful or brooding condition of the mind, or that religious mania may have been the original disease but I do not think either hypothesis is likely ". There is no evidence of any sexual activity	activity	NOUN	with	ADP	 with
Forming on July 31 in the Atlantic Ocean east of the Leeward Islands from a tropical wave, Chris moved generally to the west northwest, skirting the northern fringes of the Caribbean islands. Chris was a relatively short lived storm, reaching a peak intensity with winds at	at	ADP	65	NUM	 65
Missionary Bernt Bernsten traveled all the way from North China to investigate the happenings after hearing that the biblical prophecy of Acts 2: 4 was being fulfilled. Other visitors left the revival to become missionaries in remote areas all over the world. So many missionaries went out	out	ADP	from	ADP	 from
At least one of the cast members, Oemar, is recorded as continuing to act. Lutung Kasarung was adapted to film twice further, in 1952 and 1983. After Loetoeng Kasaroeng was released, numerous domestic films were made. The second domestic production, Eulis Atjih	Atjih	PROPN	(	PUNCT	 (
After the capitulation of Italy in the Armistice of Cassibile in September 1943, the city was taken by German forces and eventually returned to Albanian control in 1944. The postwar communist regime developed the city as an industrial and commercial centre. It was elevated to the status	status	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
Players create a character from one of three character classes and explore the game's 84 locations, deciding whether to ally themselves with one of the four factions or remain neutral. The game's plot concerns an apprentice Shaper and an Agent (whose name is Shanti)	)	PUNCT	,	PUNCT	,
Babcock spent the morning of September 6 making the physical arrangements for the reception. Floor seating was removed to create a broad aisle, running from the east doors through which the public would be admitted, to where McKinley would stand. Once members of the public shook	shook	VERB	hands	NOUN	 hands
Georgetown's first intercollegiate men's basketball team was formed in 1907. John Thompson III, son of the accomplished Hoyas coach John Thompson, is the current head coach. The Hoyas historically have been well regarded not only for their team success, but also for their	their	PRON	ability	NOUN	 ability
He returned to the starting lineup on 19 February and embarked on a run in which he scored ten goals in eight matches. Included in those ten goals were doubles in three straight matches against Málaga, Racing Santander and Hércules, as well as a goal in the	the	DET	first	ADJ	 first
In December 1961, Kalonji was arrested on a legal pretext in Léopoldville and imprisoned. UN and Congolese troops occupied South Kasai. In September 1962, shortly after his escape from prison and return to South Kasai, Kalonji was ousted by a military coup d'état which forced	forced	VERB	him	PRON	 him
The Cluj Arena was inaugurated in 2011 with concerts by Scorpions and Smokie, the main event drawing over 40,000 people; other events followed, for instance Roxette in 2012 and Deep Purple in 2013. Smaller events occur regularly at the Polyvalent Hall, the Opera and the	the	DET	Students	PROPN	 Students
The fort was small, would probably have been home to around 500 soldiers of an auxiliary cohort, and fell out of use during the mid AD 90s. Rather than allow the defences to fall into potentially hostile hands or be used against Rome, the fort was	was	AUX	slighted	VERB	 slighted
For example, in the United Kingdom seizure of evidence by law enforcement is governed by the PACE act. During its existence early in the field, the " International Organization on Computer Evidence " (IOCE) was one agency that worked to establish compatible international standards for	for	ADP	the	DET	 the
The firm of Danesi Brothers built 18 chariots, nine of which were used for practice, each weighing 900 pounds (410 kg). Principal cast members, stand ins, and stunt people made 100 practice laps of the arena in preparation for shooting. Heston and	and	CCONJ	Boyd	PROPN	 Boyd
The convoy consisted of the transports Princess Matoika, President Grant, Mongolia, Rijndam, Wilhelmina, British steamer Ascanius. The following month she joined the battleship Nebraska to escort twelve British merchant ships bound for Liverpool. Following the Allied victory in November 1918, Montana was	was	AUX	sent	VERB	 sent
After moving around the chart for 31 non consecutive weeks, the song eventually peaked at number three. " You and Me " debuted at number 37 on the Billboard Pop Songs chart during the week of May 21, 2005. It eventually peaked at number four after	after	SCONJ	it	PRON	 it
Despite difference of style and temperament, the two quickly recognised qualities in each other and developed a lifelong friendship. Shaw later reflected: " You knew everything that I didn't know and I knew everything you didn't know... We had everything to learn from one	one	NUM	another	DET	 another
The process by which the pathogen is introduced into the body is known as inoculation, and the organism it affects is known as a biological host. When the pathogen establishes itself in a step known as colonization, it can result in an infection, consequently harming the	the	DET	host	NOUN	 host
In 1841, Don Carlos, who had been born a year earlier, died of malaria. In 1842, Emma gave birth to a stillborn son. Joseph and Emma had four sons who lived to maturity: Joseph Smith III, Frederick Granger Williams Smith, Alexander	Alexander	PROPN	Hale	PROPN	 Hale
Building may have started any time after this, and the castle was at least partially complete in 1381, when a charter was sealed here. Robert was appointed Regent in 1388 for his elderly father, and continued to hold effective power during the reign of his infirm	infirm	ADJ	brother	NOUN	 brother
The Committee also played an important political role. By providing an alternative supply of food, the CNSA prevented the German administration of Belgium from being able to use food as a bargaining tool to force Belgians to work in war industries and contributed to the passive resistance movement	movement	NOUN	within	ADP	 within
During his first year, Fuller opposed the impositions on currants, the patent on blue starch, presented a petition on economic grievances (which delayed the passage of the subsidy bill), supported the restoration of removed ministers and further attacked the powers of the Court of	of	ADP	High	PROPN	 High
The East Plaza covers an area of 6,300 square metres (68,000 sq ft), making it the largest open ceremonial space in the entire city. On its east side it is delimited by 2 medium height structures (East Plaza Structures 1 and 2), on	on	ADP	the	DET	 the
Another Judge, Clark Peterson, said that he liked the three magical weapons: Wave, Whelm, and Blackrazor. To Peterson, just the inclusion of Blackrazor makes White Plume Mountain a " classic ". The editors of Dungeon felt that the adventure was defined by	by	ADP	the	DET	 the
The division halted its advance until 24 November while other units of the Eighth Army's IX Corps and South Korean II Corps caught up and supply lines were established. During this time, the 7th Division's regiments were spread out on the front line. The 31st	31st	NOUN	Infantry	PROPN	 Infantry
According to historian Charles R. H. Tripp, the Iraqi Ba ' athist coup of 1968 upset " the US sponsored security system established as part of the Cold War in the Middle East. It appeared that any enemy of the Baghdad regime was a potential ally of the	the	DET	United	PROPN	 United
Some utilities subsidize the purchase of geothermal heat pumps by their customers, to reduce electricity demand during the summer months by making air conditioning up to 70% more efficient; widespread adoption of this technology would better match electricity demand to wind availability in areas with hot summers	summers	NOUN	and	CCONJ	 and
Desmond Seward writes it was the disinherited Dauphin who had the man killed. Described as a former lover of Isabeau as well as a " poisoner and wife murderer ", Charles kept him as a favorite at his court until ordering his drowning. Rumors about Isabeau's	's	PART	promiscuity	NOUN	 promiscuity
While the suburb still contains a notable amount of native vegetation, and has not been exposed to invasive introduced species like other areas have, much of it was originally cleared for grazing and has yet to grow back to the same extent. Before European Settlement Grey Box	Box	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
End of Ages has several features designed to help players complete puzzles. To recall clues or important items, players can use a camera feature to take screenshots, which are then placed in a journal the player can access at any time. Player interactions with other characters	characters	NOUN	are	AUX	 are
Immediately following, Japan also withdrew from the Washington and London Naval Treaties, thus removing all restrictions on the number and size of her capital ships. Haruna was reactivated and assigned to the First Battleship Division on 20 May 1933. On 1 August 1933, Haruna was	was	AUX	drydocked	VERB	 drydocked
Both enantiomers are easily synthesized, although the yields are lower than for the oxathiane reagent. The ylide conformation is determined by interaction with the bridgehead hydrogens and approach of the aldehyde is blocked by the camphor moiety. The reaction employs a phosphazene base to promote formation of	of	ADP	the	DET	 the
Although designated as an east – west highway, it is nearly a diagonal northwest – southeast route. The western terminus is at exit 52 along Interstate 96 (I 96) near Alto a few miles east of the metro Grand Rapids area, and its eastern terminus	terminus	NOUN	is	AUX	 is
Weston attended Valmeyer High School, the only high school in a town of 900 people. Shortly after graduating high school in 1974, Weston moved to Rimini, Montana, rarely returning to Valmeyer. The only attempt his high school classmates made at inviting him to a	a	DET	class	NOUN	 class
As part of Sabah area, Kota Kinabalu features a typical equatorial climate with constant temperature, considerable amount of rain and high humidity. Two prevailing monsoons characterise the climate of this part of Sabah are the Northeast Monsoon and the Southwest Monsoon. The Northeast Monsoon occurs between	between	ADP	November	PROPN	 November
Keibler was a contestant on the second season of Dancing with the Stars, where she placed third. She has also appeared on other American Broadcasting Company (ABC) shows such as What About Brian, George Lopez, and October Road, as well as the 100th	100th	ADJ	episode	NOUN	 episode
Some lemurs, such as the indri, use crypsis to camouflage themselves. They are often heard but difficult to see in the trees due to the dappled light, earning them the reputation of being " ghosts of the forest ". Except for the aye aye and	and	CCONJ	the	DET	 the
About two weeks later, on June 11, Busch Gardens Tampa announced plans for Falcon's Fury and construction began that month. During the fourth quarter of 2013, the park drove steel piles for the ride's foundation nightly for about a month. On September 20	20	NUM	,	PUNCT	,
Their decrees were known as laudas. Some of the specific issues that these sejmiks addressed included: dealing with taxation (distribution of national taxes) and tax collectors, managing the local (voivodeship) taxes and treasury, recruiting local military and (from mid 1700s)	)	PUNCT	election	NOUN	 election
She was launched with little ceremony on 7 October 1786, by Commissioner Charles Proby, of Chatham Dockyard. She was then towed across the River Medway and anchored off Chatham Dockyard. She was taken into the dry dock there on 7 March 1787, where her hull	hull	NOUN	was	AUX	 was
The first edition of Facundo was published in instalments in 1845. Sarmiento removed the last two chapters of the second edition (1851), but restored them in the 1874 edition, deciding that they were important to the book's development. The first translation into English	English	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
Other performing artists to come from Kent include singer Julianne Baird, playwright Vincent J. Cardinal, and voice actor Joshua Seth. Lucien Price, an author and writer for The Boston Evening Transcript and The Atlantic Monthly grew up in Kent and used the pseudonym " Woolwick "	"	PUNCT	for	ADP	 for
Kaczynski received numerous complaints and low ratings from the undergraduates he taught. Many students noted that he seemed quite uncomfortable in a teaching environment, often stuttering and mumbling during lectures, becoming excessively nervous in front of a class, and ignoring students during designated office hours.	.	PUNCT	Without	ADP	 Without
He was the third child of eight and the eldest surviving son. Although no attendance records for the period survive, most biographers agree that Shakespeare was probably educated at the King's New School in Stratford, a free school chartered in 1553, about a quarter mile	mile	NOUN	(	PUNCT	 (
Like many smaller players, it just can't compete with the low prices charged by big box rivals like Staples, OfficeMax and Office Depot, and it seems to be constantly bleeding corporate customers that are focused on cutting costs themselves. " The show's creators share	share	VERB	this	DET	 this
The nativity figures are placed at the tree's base. The crèche was the gift of Loretta Hines Howard in 1964, and the choir screen was the gift of The William Randolph Hearst Foundation in 1956. Both this presepio and the one displayed in Pittsburgh originated from	from	ADP	the	DET	 the
At least 47 plant and animal species have also been named after Kincaid. In 1938 Kincaid became the first person to be recognized by the University of Washington as Alumnus Summa Laude Dignatus (" Alumnus Worthy of Highest Praise "), the university's highest honor for	for	ADP	its	PRON	 its
(born September 29, 1985) is a retired American football wide receiver who played his entire career for the Detroit Lions of the National Football League (NFL). He was drafted by the Lions second overall in the 2007 NFL Draft. He played college football	football	NOUN	at	ADP	 at
He was decorated during a period of National Service for France during the 1960s. He founded the Roux Brothers Scholarship along with Albert in 1984, and has worked as a consultant for companies such as British Airways and Celebrity Cruises over the years. After he and his	his	PRON	brother	NOUN	 brother
In a press conference after the signing, Real Madrid announced that Ødegaard would train with both the club's first team and the reserves, Real Madrid Castilla. He would play for the latter team, which was managed by Zinedine Zidane at the time. He made	made	VERB	his	PRON	 his
Faced with this combination, both Hierapytna and Olous surrendered and were forced to sign a treaty favourable to Rhodes and Knossos. In 205 BC, the First Macedonian War came to an end with the signing of the Treaty of Phoenice, under the terms of which the	the	DET	Macedonians	PROPN	 Macedonians
According to critic Josh Modell of Spin, the song " dips its toes in the kind of Brit rock purveyed by Elbow but mixes in some organic, tribal fun à la Yeasayer ". Wyatt sings with falsetto vocals, which Chris Martins of The A.V. Club thought	thought	VERB	recalled	VERB	 recalled
Several greenhouses are visible near the southern end of the highway, a small percentage of the 610 hectares (1,500 acres) of land occupied by them in the Leamington area. Point Pelee National Park, the southernmost point in Canada, is also nearby. The highway	highway	NOUN	runs	VERB	 runs
The Kemah Boardwalk is a waterfront attraction featuring a variety of rides, restaurants, shops, and other entertainment venues. It is next to the Kemah Marina and hosts annual events such as the Boardwalk Wine Festival. The Eddie V. Gray Wetlands Education and Recreation Center in	in	ADP	Baytown	PROPN	 Baytown
The two ships, along with several other Ottoman vessels, raided Russian ports in October 1914, prompting a Russian declaration of war. Midilli was active in laying minefields off the Russian coast, bombarding Russian ports and installations and, because of a shortage of Ottoman merchant	merchant	NOUN	ships	NOUN	 ships
" Part of the song refers to Michael Jackson; coincidentally it was released at the time surrounding the death of the singer. The song received generally mixed to positive reviews, with critics divided as to whether Ne Yo and West overwhelmed Hilson's appearance. However,	,	PUNCT	reviewers	NOUN	 reviewers
In September 1898 such an enquiry was established by the governor of Western Australia to investigate the colony's penal system. The commission heard evidence from almost 240 witnesses, including a range of prisoners. Three reports were made between December 1898 and June 1899. The first	first	ADJ	of	ADP	 of
The album opener " Abierto " (open in Spanish) consists of low bass lines, allowing for guitar solo interplay that stylistically contrasts the bass, while bells jingle quietly with the drums. " Organism " contains predominant wah wah guitar effects, which accompany a notable	notable	ADJ	funk	ADJ	 funk
Following the film's release, The People's Comics published the story " Fritz the Cat ' Superstar ' ", in which Crumb satirized Bakshi and Krantz. Crumb portrayed Fritz in a script conference for a fictional sequel Fritz Goes to India. The strip ends with	with	ADP	a	DET	 a
Time's James Poniewozik wrote that having the story " turn on her resentment at being overlooked by the glee club is an apt meta touch, since she's been overlooked by the show for some time now. " Todd VanDerWerff of The A.V. Club was the most	most	ADV	enthusiastic	ADJ	 enthusiastic
The ship's armament was rounded out by five 50 cm (20 in) torpedo tubes, all mounted in the hull; one was in the bow, and the other four were on the broadside. Ordered under the contract name Ersatz Odin as a replacement for	for	ADP	the	DET	 the
In 1999, he launched Injet, an advertising and digital printing company that quickly grew in prominence with its expansion of billboard advertising throughout the capital. The business was the first to make digital printing technology available on the island. Local magazine Echo Australe, which named	named	VERB	then	ADV	 then
Villeneuve was kept alive on life support while his wife travelled to the hospital and the doctors consulted specialists worldwide. He died at 21: 12 CEST (UTC + 2). At the funeral in Berthierville former teammate Jody Scheckter delivered a simple eulogy: " I	I	PRON	will	AUX	 will
Within two weeks, the Brigade Headquarters at Tan Son Nhut was fully operational. It had been preceded by the 35th Engineer Group, which built Cam Ranh Bay on a peninsula of sand and in a hostile environment. The brigade assumed responsibility for I Corps and II	II	PROPN	Corps	PROPN	 Corps
By 2010, Lindenwood University's endowment had reached $148 million Early the following year, Lindenwood began construction of a new parking lot to ease congestion on campus. The university announced a new athletic facility would be constructed behind the west end zone stands of Hunter Stadium	Stadium	PROPN	.	PUNCT	.
" Originally adopted from the hippie subculture, by the 1980s and 1990s heavy metal hair " symbolised the hate, angst and disenchantment of a generation that seemingly never felt at home ", according to journalist Nader Rahman. Long hair gave members of the metal community "	"	PUNCT	the	DET	 the
Less than a month later, on August 29, 2005, Hurricane Katrina tore the casino barge from its moorings and washed it ashore ½ mile west of the Broadwater Resort Marina. The barge was a total loss, it was cut up as scrap and removed by	by	ADP	a	DET	 a
Released on 14 March 2005, it was the lead single from her sixth studio album, Avant que l ' ombre.... Like all tracks from the album, the lyrics were written by the singer with music composed by Laurent Boutonnat. " Fuck Them All " combines	combines	VERB	pop	NOUN	 pop
" Variety's Brian Lowry praised the show for returning network HBO to top form, saying " This is, quite simply, television at its finest, occupying a sweet spot that — for all the able competition — still remains unique to HBO: An expensive,	,	PUNCT	explicit	ADJ	 explicit
As a campus of the University of California system, UCR is governed by a Board of Regents and administered by a president. The current president is Janet Napolitano, and the administrative head of UCR is Kim Wilcox. UCR's academic policies are set by its Academic	Academic	PROPN	Senate	PROPN	 Senate
Older lava fields on the plain have been invaded by drought resistant plants such as sagebrush, while younger fields, such as Craters of the Moon, only have a seasonal and very sparse cover of vegetation. From a distance this cover disappears almost entirely, giving an	an	DET	impression	NOUN	 impression
Under Welsh's stewardship the club gradually slipped further down the table, and were relegated to the Second Division in the 1953 – 54 season, after finishing in bottom place. Their relegation came after 50 uninterrupted years in the top division of English football. The side	side	NOUN	's	PART	's
In addition to its effects on thrombosis, hypercoagulable states may accelerate the development of atherosclerosis, the arterial disease that underlies myocardial infarction and other forms of cardiovascular disease. Tests for thrombophilia include complete blood count (with examination of the blood film), prothrombin time,	,	PUNCT	partial	ADJ	 partial
In April 2008, Weiland left Velvet Revolver and reunited with Stone Temple Pilots. Velvet Revolver was put on indefinite hiatus in April 2008, and in November of that year, the band was released by their record label RCA Records at their request to allow them "	"	PUNCT	complete	ADJ	 complete
On stage he appeared in Michael Frayn's Alarms and Excursions in 1998 and in Hedda Gabler in 1999, his last theatre role for several years. In the Daily Telegraph, Charles Spencer described his role as Tesman as a " weird casting choice " but called his	his	PRON	acting	NOUN	 acting
Sea silk is a fine fabric woven from the byssus threads of bivalves, particularly the pen shell (Pinna nobilis). It used to be produced in the Mediterranean region where these shells are endemic. It was an expensive fabric and overfishing has much reduced populations of	of	ADP	the	DET	 the
The blood featured in the episode was deliberately designed to look primitive as a reference to The Spirit of Christmas, the 1995 animated short film by Parker and Stone that served as a precursor to South Park, in which the blood was literally drawn with a Sharpie marker	marker	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
It was successful on the US Billboard Dance Club Songs chart, peaking at number eight and staying in the chart for 12 consecutive weeks. Two music videos were created for the single; the first had BoA dancing in ballet recital with back up dancers, whilst the	the	DET	second	ADJ	 second
William S. Pechter of Commentary described Jaws as " a mind numbing repast for sense sated gluttons " and " filmmaking of this essentially manipulative sort "; Molly Haskell of The Village Voice similarly characterized it as a " scare machine that works with computer like precision.... You	You	PRON	feel	VERB	 feel
He was a key signing in Melbourne's attempt to rebuild its squad, and in his first season at Melbourne he shared the rucking duties with Jim Stynes, the latter mentoring White in their only season together. He played in all of Melbourne's 25 matches for	for	ADP	the	DET	 the
The pipelines were soon given the names " Big Inch " and " Little Big Inch " by the construction teams, on account of their unprecedented diameters. The construction project was extensively advertised, as part of the US government's war time propaganda effort. Newsreels ran	ran	VERB	clips	NOUN	 clips
The cantonal contingents only took orders from their own leaders. Complaints of insubordination were common. The Swiss Diet had to adopt this resolution on 11 March 1499: " Every canton shall impress upon its soldiers that when the Confederates are under arms together, each one of	of	ADP	them	PRON	 them
The 4,167 returned remains were found to be 4,219 individuals, of whom 2,944 were found to be Americans, with all but 416 identified by name. Of the 239 Korean War unaccounted for, 186 are not associated with the Punchbowl unknowns. From 1990 to 1994 North	North	PROPN	Korea	PROPN	 Korea
Born in Ballymena, County Antrim, Nesbitt grew up in the nearby village of Broughshane, before moving to Coleraine, County Londonderry. He wanted to become a teacher like his father, so he began a degree in French at the University of Ulster. He dropped	dropped	VERB	out	ADP	 out
To support himself at Geauga, he worked as a carpenter's assistant and as a teacher. The need to go from town to town to find a place as a teacher disgusted Garfield, and he thereafter developed a dislike of what he called " place seeking "	"	PUNCT	,	PUNCT	,
In the United Kingdom, the mushroom is commonly known as the " golden edge bonnet ". The cap of M. aurantiomarginata ranges in shape from obtusely conic to bell shaped, and becomes flat in maturity, reaching diameters of 0.8 – 2.0 cm (0.3 – 0.8	0.8	NUM	in	ADP	 in
The north end of the main building was connected to a small conical dome which contained a theodolite used to make astronomical measurements for the accurate determination of the local time. The buildings were constructed with as little metal as possible; when metal was required, non magnetic	magnetic	ADJ	materials	NOUN	 materials
The discipline of the British regulars broke down, and a panicked retreat began, with the French and Indians firing at them from the cover of the surrounding woods. Braddock lost several horses, and eventually went down with a mortal wound. Washington was one of the	the	DET	few	ADJ	 few
What particularly struck me about her argument was her attempt to charge all Japanese with refusing to accept the fact of the ' Rape of Nanking ' and her condemnation of the ' persistent Japanese refusal to come to terms with its past. ' Jeans continued what he calls	calls	VERB	"	PUNCT	 "
In 1957, Maryland Avenue between Silview and Boxwood Road was widened to four lanes and the one way pair along Market Street and Justis Street in Newport was established. The present DE 4 designation first appeared in 1967, at which point it ran from the Maryland border	border	NOUN	near	ADP	 near
Shakespeare's plays, in particular, had multiple editions, each of which contained errors caused by the printing process. This problem was compounded by careless editors who deemed difficult words incorrect, and changed them in later editions. Johnson believed that an editor should not alter	alter	VERB	the	DET	 the
Up until 2014, the contest was conducted as part of the Henley Boat Races, but as of the 2015 race, it is held on the River Thames, on the same day as the men's main and reserve races. The reserve race, contested between	between	ADP	Oxford	PROPN	 Oxford
It documents the lives of four teenage video bloggers over the course of ten weeks, as they attempt to write, record and release a pop song for charity, with the goal to " sell an estimated 25,000 singles to achieve their dream of a number one single	single	ADJ	"	PUNCT	 "
Samson Wertheimer agreed " with much public spirit " to sell the cup to the British Museum for the £8,000 (£790,000 in 2016) it had cost the firm. Franks was worried by the new American collectors such as J. P. Morgan, and in 1891	1891	NUM	wrote	VERB	 wrote
Lingering swells resulted in the drowning of a man at Mickler's Landing in Ponte Vedra Beach. Further north near Cape Hatteras, North Carolina, a man was pulled out to sea by rip currents and rescued by the Hatteras Island Rescue Squad; however, after being	being	AUX	hospitalized	VERB	 hospitalized
They were devised by Nathaniel Creswick and William Prest for use by the newly founded Sheffield Football Club. The rules were subsequently adopted as the official rules of Sheffield Football Association upon its creation in 1867. They spread beyond the city boundaries to other clubs and associations in	in	ADP	the	DET	 the
On May 18, 2007, Ensemble Studios announced that two million copies of Age of Empires III had been sold. Games in the series have consistently scored highly on video game review aggregator websites Game Rankings and Metacritic, which collect data from numerous review websites. As	As	SCONJ	noted	VERB	 noted
The mushroom tissue will " bleed " a brownish range to reddish brown latex when it is cut. The edibility of M. californiensis is unknown. In deposit, such as with a spore print, the spores appear white. Further details are revealed with a light microscope	microscope	NOUN	:	PUNCT	:
The series ' conclusion, " The Reichenbach Fall ", in which Sherlock fakes his suicide by jumping from St Bartholomew's Hospital, led to speculation on forums, social networking sites and in newspaper articles about its resolution. The third series became the UK's most	most	ADV	watched	VERB	 watched
ACE is, broadly speaking, a measure of the power of the hurricane multiplied by the length of time it existed, so storms that last a long time, as well as particularly strong hurricanes, have high ACEs. It is only calculated for full advisories on	on	ADP	tropical	ADJ	 tropical
He described how easy it was to find and download the film even if the original source of the leak was no longer available on the web. The article he wrote for his column on the Fox News website was immediately removed. Among the companies which provided tie	tie	NOUN	in	ADP	 in
Although Raimi, Tapert, and Campbell insisted that they had made the film as partners, the studio refused — because of the already ballooning costs — to pay for Campbell to stay in Los Angeles during post production (although the executives later compromised). The studio	studio	NOUN	replaced	VERB	 replaced
The road is 5.88 miles (9.46 km) long, starting at the U.S. Route 9 (US 9) and New York State Route 9N (NY 9N) concurrency and ending at the peak of Prospect Mountain. Although the road is designated as New York State	State	PROPN	Route	PROPN	 Route
After the main candidate withdrew, the synagogue's president approached Chester, asking if he would stay on for another term, which Chester agreed to do. Chester retired in June 2011, becoming (along with Broude) Rabbi Emeritus. Andrew Straus joined Temple Sinai as	as	ADP	senior	ADJ	 senior
Guyanese and Trinidadian Indo Caribbeans developed a tradition that fused elements of calypso with the folk music of North India, a style that was referred to as local music. Indo Caribbean music plays a vital role in various annual festivals like the springtime phagwa, where chowtal is	is	AUX	traditionally	ADV	 traditionally
In 139 captionless woodblock prints it tells the Faustian story of an artist who signs away his soul for a magic paintbrush. Gods ' Man was the first American wordless novel, and is seen as a precursor of, and influence on, the development of the graphic	graphic	ADJ	novel	NOUN	 novel
Shortly after, Swift is seen entering prom with a white dress, no longer looking like a nerd, while all her peers stare in amazement. When Till spots her, he walks towards her and Swift, the antagonist in a red dress, attempts to impede	impede	VERB	him	PRON	 him
Michigan Avenue was the corridor to the side of A Block, and Broadway was the central corridor in which the inmates would assemble as they massed through Times Square (an area with a clock on the wall), before entering the dining hall for their meals.	.	PUNCT	Broadway	PROPN	 Broadway
The pottery closed in 2006. It had previously scaled back its output in 1993 due to Caiger Smith's partial retirement after the 1992 recession. The Atomic Weapons Establishment (AWE), for which Aldermaston has become known, is less than 1 mile (1.6 km	km	NOUN	)	PUNCT	)
From there the road travels northward around the east edge of the island for about 2.5 miles (4.0 km) before it cuts a block inland. It continues on to the northeast, still as Green Road until it reaches an intersection with La Croix Road, at	at	ADP	which	DET	 which
The morning's effort had been a fiasco. The attacks showed a serious German technical failure in air to air communication. The official go ahead was given at 14: 00. At 15: 30, some 58 – 80 Ju 88s from I., II.	.	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
Tests showed that aircraft could be used for spills up to 5,000 tonnes (4,900 long tons; 5,500 short tons), depending on the type of oil. The dispersant should ideally be applied two hours after discharge. The dispersant application system developed for the De Havilland	Havilland	PROPN	of	ADP	 of
. The album charted for one week on the Billboard 200 and had sold 25,000 copies by March 30, 2003, according to Nielsen SoundScan. The Headphone Masterpiece was well received by music critics, who found it musically adventurous, albeit indulgent. After his band The	The	DET	Crosswalk	PROPN	 Crosswalk
The 1st and 2nd Divisions of the Active Squadron were tasked with defending against a hostile fleet, simulated by older ships in reserve. In 1898, Francesco Morosini was transferred to the Reserve Squadron, along with Ruggiero di Lauria and the ironclad Lepanto and five cruisers.	.	PUNCT	The	DET	 The
Lefebvre received a musket ball in the wrist and had to be carried from the field; command of his division was given to the rising star Jean de Dieu Soult. Furthermore, a sizable portion — sources are not clear on how many — of the French right	right	ADJ	wing	NOUN	 wing
The wave tracked westward across the Atlantic for several days, reaching the western Caribbean Sea in late June. By June 24, it began interacting with the extension of a monsoon trough in the region, generating broad cyclonic flow and scattered convection in conjunction with an upper	upper	ADJ	trough	NOUN	 trough
" The outbreak of the Russo Turkish War brought on universal conscription of young men. At his family's urging, Adler bribed his way into becoming a sanitar, an assistant in the Red Cross Medical Corps. He was selected (apparently on little more than his	his	PRON	appearance	NOUN	 appearance
The text has been normalised to show a line break between each line and modern word division. A transcription of the likely pronunciation of the text in the early 8th century Northumbrian dialect in which the text is written is included, along with a modern English translation.	.	PUNCT	Bede	PROPN	 Bede
Philosophers have tried to make this heuristic principle more precise in terms of theoretical parsimony or other measures. Yet, although various measures of simplicity have been brought forward as potential candidates, it is generally accepted that there is no such thing as a theory independent measure of	of	ADP	simplicity	NOUN	 simplicity
The Richardson Highway, an important route through the Alaska Interior that contributed significantly to development and settlement of the region, began as a pack trail from the port at Valdez to Eagle, downstream on the Yukon River from Dawson. It was built in 1898 by the	the	DET	U.S.	PROPN	 U.S.
It generally lives in shallow water less than 3 m (10 ft) deep, often over mudflats in estuaries. In areas of seagrass beds, smooth toadfish are more commonly found in sand areas bordering on the seagrass patches. They are more commonly found in seagrass	seagrass	NOUN	patches	NOUN	 patches
Delaware Route 1D (DE 1D) is an auxiliary route of DE 1 in Sussex County. The route begins at DE 1 in Midway, where it heads southwest concurrent with DE 24 on four lane divided John J. Williams Highway. The road passes homes and businesses	businesses	NOUN	as	SCONJ	 as
In Montserrat, the storm brought winds up to 45 mph (72 km / h). A small number of down trees caused power outages in one area, though it electricity was restored within an hour. Only a few landslides occurred, while volcanic mudflow poured	poured	VERB	down	ADP	 down
When his parents went to Europe to finish their doctoral studies, he learned to speak French in a year. Upon returning from Europe, he enrolled at the Escuela Superior República de Colombia, a high school in Río Piedras, although in a lower grade, because	because	SCONJ	the	DET	 the
It was compared to ambient music, including the works of Sigur Rós. The track became an internet meme in mid to late 2010. " U Smile " is a blue eyed soul ballad, driven by piano and other instruments. Leah Greenblatt of Entertainment Weekly said	said	VERB	the	DET	 the
In Europe, it reached position 55 on the Eurochart Hot 100 Singles compiled by Billboard. The music video was directed by Sarah Chatfield, who wanted to do a Tom and Jerry like video, where the human character is cut off at the waist. Hence Allen	Allen	PROPN	was	AUX	 was
One such monopoly was for soap, referred to as popish soap. Charles also raised funds from the Scottish nobility, at the price of considerable acrimony, by the Act of Revocation (1625), whereby all gifts of royal or church land made to the nobility	nobility	NOUN	since	SCONJ	 since
Dr. Malcolm A. Smith, physician to Queen Saovabha Bongsri from 1914 to 1919, wrote that, " there is no evidence to show that they longed for freedom or were unhappy in their surroundings. Even Mrs. Leonowens, fanatical opponent of polygamy that she was, does	does	AUX	not	PART	 not
She later called the sequence " the biggest stunt of my career. " For several of the special effect shots, Manners was forced to compromise on his original decision. One specific shot, wherein Audrey Pauley had to disappear after appearing in front of Gish, was	was	AUX	originally	ADV	 originally
At the close of play he immediately concluded his essay; he hardly ever crossed anything out. His cricketing judgments were assured and rigorous, his style exact but sometimes elegant: Leyland's bowling is a joke but it is an extremely practical joke. " The Times	Times	PROPN	stated	VERB	 stated
In 929 or 930 Henry sent ambassadors to Æthelstan's court seeking a wife for his son, Otto, who later became Holy Roman Emperor. Æthelstan sent two of his half sisters, and Otto chose Eadgyth. Fifty years later, Æthelweard, a descendant of Alfred	Alfred	PROPN	the	DET	 the
The 2013 French Open Men's Singles semifinal was a rematch of the prior year's final between Nadal and Djokovic. Just weeks after that victory, Nadal went on a lengthy injury hiatus of over 7 months before his highly successful return, reaching the final of all	all	DET	8	NUM	 8
In a videotaped police confession, he told authorities that Moreno González was still alive and heading the cartel. Intelligence agency InSight Crime said the rumors were probably part of a campaign of the Knights Templar Cartel to win prestige from La Familia Michoacana by saying that their leader	leader	NOUN	is	AUX	 is
The invert is withdrawn, sometimes within 60 milliseconds, by a pair of retractor muscles that are anchored at the far end of the cystid. Sensors at the tips of the tentacles may check for signs of danger before the invert and lophophore are fully extended. Extension	Extension	NOUN	is	AUX	 is
The same year Saviem also acquired Sinpar and completed, together with Fiat and Alfa Romeo, the construction of a joint production facility for engines (Sofim) in Foggia, Italy, at a cost of US $250 million. In January 1968, the main Saviem	Saviem	PROPN	factory	NOUN	 factory
As is the case with many public policy issues, costs and benefits associated with particular fire management tools are difficult to accurately quantify. Ultimately, costs and benefits should be weighed against one another on a case by case basis in planning wildland fire management operations. Depending	Depending	VERB	on	ADP	 on
Sacher torte and Linzer torte are sold at professional bakeries, but cheesecake and strudel are also baked at home. Jelly donuts (sufganiyot), traditionally filled with red jelly (jam), but also custard or dulce de leche, are eaten as Hanukkah treats.	.	PUNCT	Tahini	NOUN	 Tahini
At that time, she lived in the home of Mary Rozet Smith, where she remained until around 1934. Smith returned to Hull House as a resident until she retired in 1936, and was succeeded by her sister, Gertrude. For health reasons, at that	that	DET	time	NOUN	 time
His efforts were rewarded by frequent appearances of stories from Science Fantasy in the annual Year's Greatest SF anthology series edited by Judith Merril. Carnell occasionally used reprints, often selecting stories in line with the magazine's focus on offbeat fantasy, such as Fritz Leiber's	's	PART	"	PUNCT	 "
The phalangeal formula is 2 3 4 0 0, meaning that the innermost finger (phalange) has two bones, the next has three, and the third finger has four. The legs were not as long or suited for speed as those of tyrannosaurids, and	and	CCONJ	the	DET	 the
The festival's format changes annually but usually focuses around the town quay where a large marquee contains the main stage. Local bars often host smaller bands and dancing and exhibitions take place throughout the town centre. Another annual event is the regatta which has been held every	every	DET	year	NOUN	 year
Lockhart became synonymous with the Belle Vue Circus, and his face was used on many advertising posters. Zoo superintendent Gerald Iles included some of the zoo's animals in the circus, in a feature called Noah's Ark. For the 1967 – 68 season, to celebrate	celebrate	VERB	his	PRON	 his
She has spina bifida, a condition she has had since birth. As of 2013, she lives in Panania, New South Wales, and works as a receptionist at Salesforce.com. Hill is a 3.0 point player, who started playing wheelchair basketball in 1996. In	In	ADP	financial	ADJ	 financial
The divines had a strong view of the inspiration of the Bible, and believed that God revealed himself in the propositions found in Scripture. While the issue of biblical inerrancy, the belief that there are no errors in the Bible, did not arise until the eighteenth	eighteenth	ADJ	century	NOUN	 century
At the time it was the district's second school. Its initial purpose was to provide primary level education for the children of the Dam construction workers. Since establishment, the school has been located at three different sites around the village. The first was near the	the	DET	present	ADJ	 present
However, of late, the Encyclopaedia of Indian literature, published by the Sahitya Akademi (1988), and scholars D.R. Nagaraj and Sheldon Pollock concur that Nagavarma II lived in the mid 11th century and was the poet laureate of Chalukya King Jayasimha II, who had	had	VERB	the	DET	 the
In the United Kingdom, the album debuted at number ten on November 29, 2008, becoming Beyoncé's lowest debuting album despite having higher first week sales than her previous album, B ' Day. Following her performance at the 2008 The X Factor finale with winner	winner	NOUN	Alexandra	PROPN	 Alexandra
This project will reconfigure ramps, bring bridges up to standard, and will provide for three lane connections between Route 3 and U.S. Route 46. It is projected to cost more than $150 million. Route 3 was the inspiration for a story in The New Yorker	Yorker	PROPN	in	ADP	 in
Viyyanna considers this to be an insult and conducts the marriage of Chitti and Bheemudu at his residence. Govindayya and his wife Chukkalamma refuse to acknowledge the marriage. When Venkatapathy asks Ramana to marry Chitti, he refuses and foregoes the wealth he is entitled to inherit in	in	ADP	exchange	NOUN	 exchange
There are many traditions associated with the Stanley Cup. One of the oldest, started by the 1896 Winnipeg Victorias, dictates that the winning team drink champagne from the top bowl after their victory. The Cup is also traditionally presented on the ice to the captain of	of	ADP	the	DET	 the
His squadron carried over 1,000 French soldiers to augment the garrison on Santo Domingo under General Jean Louis Ferrand, and was then required to spend two months blockading Jamaica before cruising along the American Eastern Seaboard to Newfoundland, returning to France when food supplies ran low. The	The	DET	other	ADJ	 other
Earlier, in February of that year, Brockdorff Rantzau had informed the Weimar National Assembly that Germany would have to pay reparations for the devastation caused by the war, but would not pay for actual war costs. The German government had also taken the position that it	it	PRON	would	AUX	 would
It is the fifth generation of the iPhone, succeeding the iPhone 4 and preceding the iPhone 5. Announced on October 4, 2011 at Apple's Cupertino campus, its media coverage was accompanied by the death of former Apple CEO and co founder Steve Jobs on the	the	DET	following	ADJ	 following
Newman and Jones said that although this type of crane shot became commonplace later, at the time it was " truly ground breaking " in the way the camera seemingly crawled over the walls and up the building – not quite from the killer's viewpoint. Patrick McAllister	McAllister	PROPN	of	ADP	 of
The number of possibilities was enormous, since there are many possibilities for each component of a reactor — fuel, coolant, moderator. The fissile material may be 233U, 235U, or 239Pu; the coolant may be: water, heavy water, gas, or	or	CCONJ	liquid	ADJ	 liquid
Although Jordan Reimer of The Daily Princetonian praised the song, he added that it couldn't match " the haunting beauty " of " My Immortal ". Stephen Thomas Erlewine of Allmusic found " Tori isms " in the song. A music video directed by Marc Webb	Webb	PROPN	and	CCONJ	 and
The original LP was released by United Artists Jazz in 1963 in mono and stereo versions. United Artists was bought by EMI in 1979, and subsidiary Blue Note Records reissued the album on CD in 1987. This contained more recordings from the same session: four previously	previously	ADV	unreleased	VERB	 unreleased
Evolutionary studies of globular clusters can also be used to determine changes due to the starting composition of the gas and dust that formed the cluster. That is, the evolutionary tracks change with changes in the abundance of heavy elements. The data obtained from studies of globular	globular	ADJ	clusters	NOUN	 clusters
In 1954, a young filmmaker named Roger Corman received his first screen credits as writer and associate producer of Allied Artists ' Highway Dragnet. Corman soon independently produced his first movie, Monster from the Ocean Floor, on a $12,000 budget and a six day shooting	shooting	NOUN	schedule	NOUN	 schedule
Numerous streets in League City, Dickinson, and Friendswood were flooded for more than 24 hours. At least 100 homes in Friendswood were flooded, while water entered 70% of houses in Dickinson. Severe street flooding and ponding occurred in Galveston, especially in the low	low	ADJ	lying	NOUN	 lying
In the afternoon, Sheaffe arrived on the battlefield with reinforcements and took command of the British forces. In sharp contrast to his predecessors ' direct attacks, Sheaffe took a more cautious approach. This ultimately proved successful, leading to a total victory over the Americans.	.	PUNCT	After	ADP	 After
" The commission found that: " The written record maintained of the non video recorded interviews is not comprehensive and matters are excluded that would have assisted in the assessment of the reliability of Dean Lyons. This is not in accordance with section 12 (11) (	(	PUNCT	b	X	b
Built in the early 14th century by John Cockerham, the Abbot of neighbouring Furness Abbey, it was intended to oversea the trade through the local harbour and to protect against Scottish raids. The castle was built using stones from the local beach, and featured a large	large	ADJ	keep	NOUN	 keep
The basidia (the spore bearing cells) may be attached to two to four spores, and the sterigmata (tapered spine like projections from the basidia that attach the spores) are up to 5 µm long. Like most other puffball species, L. echinatum is edible	edible	ADJ	when	SCONJ	 when
Finishing the season with the Moose, he finished with 43 points in 50 games for the third highest point per game average on the club, as well as a team high plus minus rating of + 23. In NHL play, he was pointless in five games	games	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
Unlike other Eastern Han rulers who sponsored the New Texts tradition of the Confucian Five Classics, Zhang was a patron of the Old Texts tradition and held scholarly debates on the validity of the schools. Rafe de Crespigny writes that the major reform of the Eastern Han period	period	NOUN	was	AUX	 was
By 9: 00 PM on the night of the 16th, the work of the protesters was done – they had demolished 342 chests of tea worth about ten thousand pounds – today's equivalent of about $1 million. Adams was briefly retained by the Dartmouth owners	owners	NOUN	regarding	VERB	 regarding
Like the rest of nature, man's mind is subject to the laws of causation, Priestley contended, but because a benevolent God created these laws, the world and the people in it will eventually be perfected. Evil is therefore only an imperfect understanding of the	the	DET	world	NOUN	 world
The cusps on the upper molars are arranged in two longitudinal series, not three as in the black and brown rats. The front cusps of the first upper and lower molar (anterocone and anteroconid, respectively) are broad and not divided completely by an anteromedian flexus	flexus	NOUN	or	CCONJ	 or
In 1995, Blues Traveler recorded the song for the Working Class Hero: A Tribute to John Lennon album and Dave Matthews has performed the song live with them. A Perfect Circle covered the song for the album eMOTIVe, released in 2004. Dolly Parton recorded the	the	DET	song	NOUN	 song
As the papal legate, he summoned the King to appear before an ecclesiastical council to answer for the arrests and seizure of property. Henry asserted the Church ’ s right to investigate and judge all charges against members of the clergy. Stephen sent Aubrey de Vere as	as	ADP	his	PRON	 his
Over the years SDIO was renamed to Ballistic Missile Defense Organization (BMDO), and later to Missile Defense Agency (MDA), while Israel Aircraft Industries was renamed to Israel Aerospace Industries. The Gulf War, which exposed the controversial performance of the Patriot missile against	against	ADP	Iraqi	ADJ	 Iraqi
The king was greatly pleased with Harclay's effort, and rewarded him lavishly. On 25 March, Harclay was created Earl of Carlisle, and given land worth 1000 marks a year. On 15 September, he was also made chief Warden of the Marches. On	On	ADP	14	NUM	 14
A second single, " Boobar Come Back to Me ", was released on seven inch in September 2008 on the band's own Lucky Dog label, and The Hungry Saw received a North American release on 16 September 2008 by Constellation Records. After performing at some	some	DET	music	NOUN	 music
The fight was competitive. Hughes took GSP down twice and landed a huge slam. Hughes was in trouble at the beginning of the bout as St Pierre unloaded a spinning back kick into his ribs. The submission earned Hughes his second Tapout of the Night. Obviously	Obviously	ADV	disappointed	VERB	 disappointed
In 2012, Gadget Review's Kristie Bertucci rated Mileena as the sixth " hottest " female video game character and noted her being " usually always at the top of the list as one of the most popular female characters (not to mention sexy) " in all	all	DET	video	NOUN	 video
DE 4 begins at an intersection with Elkton Road in Newark, which heads southwest as DE 279 and northeast as DE 896. From here the route heads southeast concurrent with DE 896 on the three lane undivided Christiana Parkway, carrying two eastbound lanes and one westbound lane	lane	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
Before leaving the area, the two U.S. scout aircraft attacked Shōkaku, causing negligible damage. At 16: 00 a second wave of 27 " Vals " and nine Zeros was launched by the Japanese carriers and headed south toward the U.S. carriers. Abe's " Vanguard	Vanguard	PROPN	"	PUNCT	 "
The water was only safe for agricultural and industrial use. In regulations adopted in 1985 and amended in 2008, New York's Department of Environmental Conservation (DEC) divides the river into four water quality regions similar to those in the 1983 USGS study. The first	first	ADJ	1,100	NUM	 1,100
William Gill, an early Poe biographer, gathered her bones and stored them in a box he hid under his bed. Virginia's remains were finally buried with her husband's on January 19, 1885, the 76th anniversary of her husband's birth and nearly 10	10	NUM	years	NOUN	 years
Blade Runner continues to reflect modern trends and concerns, and an increasing number consider it one of the greatest science fiction films of all time. It was voted the best science fiction film ever made in a poll of 60 eminent world scientists conducted in 2004. Blade	Blade	PROPN	Runner	PROPN	 Runner
In April 2010, O'Brien signed a deal with the cable network TBS to host a new late night talk show. Lorne Michaels, who is the executive producer of 30 Rock and who used to produce Late Night with Conan O'Brien, was O'Brien's mentor. Michaels	Michaels	PROPN	told	VERB	 told
It is also worth mentioning that the celebrated blossoming of hugely influential Athenian culture occurred only after the Persian wars were won. Militarily, it is difficult to draw many lessons from Salamis, because of the uncertainty about what actually happened. Once again the Allies chose their	their	PRON	ground	NOUN	 ground
Directed by Brian Kelly, the episode was first broadcast on the digital channel BBC Three on 22 October 2006 with the series pilot, " Everything Changes ", and later repeated on terrestrial channel BBC Two on 25 October. It was the first work in the Doctor	Doctor	NOUN	Who	PRON	 Who
This technique has become the overwhelming standard for the sport from the 1980s onwards. The standing high jump was contested at the Olympics from 1900 to 1912, but is now relatively uncommon outside of its use as an exercise drill. In terms of sport, the use	use	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
Stars form in clumps of cool molecular gas that hide the nascent stars. It is only when the radiation pressure from a star drives away its ' cocoon ' that it becomes visible. The hot, blue stars that are powerful enough to ionize significant amounts of hydrogen	hydrogen	NOUN	and	CCONJ	 and
Even though the storm was initially expected to enter the extreme southern Gulf of California and regain tropical storm strength, Julio dissipated near Manzanillo later that day instead. Upon becoming a tropical cyclone, tropical cyclone warnings and watches were issued for portions of the Pacific coast of	of	ADP	Mexico	PROPN	 Mexico
The three remaining electric shunters and the steam locomotive were chopped up. Two diesel shunters were sold to Norsk Jernverk in Mo i Rana. Up until this point, the railway had operated 33 steam locomotives, 14 electric locomotives and 4 diesel locomotives. In 1980,	,	PUNCT	the	DET	 the
The cost of completing the freeway in West Virginia has been estimated at $113 million (equivalent to $732 million in 2015) The cost of building I 68 from Cumberland to the West Virginia state line came to $126 million ($816 million in 2015	2015	NUM	)	PUNCT	)
Pamban Bridge is a cantilever bridge on the Palk Strait that connects Rameswaram to mainland India. The railway bridge is 6,776 ft (2,065 m) and was opened to traffic in 1914. The railroad bridge is a double leaf bascule bridge section that can be raised to	to	PART	let	VERB	 let
Similarly, HAL had to program parallax scrolling for F 1 Race as the NES hardware did not initially support it. Iwata's proficiency with programming quickly placed him in high esteem among fellow programmers and gamers alike. He would often continue to work on weekends and holidays	holidays	NOUN	because	SCONJ	 because
On September 18, 2014, Moore signed with the Chicago Bulls. With injuries sidelining Derrick Rose, Jimmy Butler and Taj Gibson on March 5, 2015, Moore scored a career high 19 points and hit the game winning three point shot with 2.1 seconds remaining to	to	PART	help	VERB	 help
In the Third Anglo Mysore War (1789 –  92), the British and their allies defeated Tipu. Desperate to break the alliance of powers surrounding him on all sides, Tipu sought to make peace with Portugal, the Marathas, and other powers. According	According	VERB	to	ADP	 to
Krishna is also said to have reclaimed 12 yojanas or 96 square kilometres (37 sq mi) of land from the sea to create Dwarka. It has been argued that Dwarka was established as the capital in Saurashtra by the Aryans during the Puranaic. The Yadavas,	,	PUNCT	who	PRON	 who
Despite such concerns the area was a tangle of rough country thickly covered in heavy brush well suited for deploying light infantry. The forest was dense, the ground marshy and Russian Jaeger were deployed there in some numbers. Russian General Nikolay Tuchkov had some 23,000 troops but	but	CCONJ	half	NOUN	 half
After formation in 1876, and with the club still amateurs, Middlesbrough's first two years of football were played at Albert Park in Middlesbrough. After seeing the damage being caused by players and supporters, the Park Committee ordered the club to find an alternate venue.	.	PUNCT	The	DET	 The
The film was shot in the rocky terrain of Ramanagara, in the southern state of Karnataka, over a span of two and a half years. After the Central Board of Film Certification mandated the removal of several violent scenes, Sholay was released with a length of	of	ADP	198	NUM	 198
He was evidently impressed by Handel and asked him to set his new libretto, Agrippina. Grimani intended to present this opera at his family owned theatre in Venice, the Teatro San Giovanni Grisostomo, as part of the 1709 – 10 Carnevale season. Grimani's libretto	libretto	NOUN	is	AUX	 is
In an interview with Vibe magazine, Diplo revealed that when he was first asked to put the song together, he thought that " Look at Me Now " was not for an official release, saying: " I knew that I was working on something for a	a	DET	Chris	PROPN	 Chris
Under the Freebird Rule, all three members of The Beautiful People were considered champions, and any combination of two members were permitted to defend the title. At Lockdown in April, Rayne and Sky partnered against Tara and Angelina Love in a tag team cage match,	,	PUNCT	during	ADP	 during
Thüringen stored up to 3,200 metric tons (3,100 long tons) of coal, which allowed her to steam for 5,500 nautical miles (10,200 km; 6,300 mi) at a speed of 10 knots (19 km / h; 12 mph). After 1915,	,	PUNCT	the	DET	 the
Oral transmission is an unusual route of infection, but has been described. In 1991, farm workers in the state of Paraíba, Brazil, were infected by eating contaminated food; transmission has also occurred via contaminated açaí palm fruit juice and garapa. A 2007 outbreak	outbreak	NOUN	in	ADP	 in
Energy consumption is reduced by using recirculating excess heat to melt snow and ice for drinking water and heating. Waste is minimized through purchase planning and recycling; the remaining waste is compressed and transported away from the Antarctic. Fuel is handled in such a way that even	even	ADV	small	ADJ	 small
Zzap! 64's Hogg commended the animation and backgrounds. Conversely, CU Amiga's Pattenden felt that the graphics lack depth. The game's use of sound received positive reactions. Phil King of Zzap! 64 was impressed by the soundtrack, particularly praising the introductory	introductory	ADJ	music	NOUN	 music
The episode serves as a sequel to the second season premiere, " The Dundies ". The episode was originally titled " Goodbye, Michael Part 1 " before NBC announced that " Goodbye, Michael " would be an extended 50 minute episode and this episode was retitled	retitled	VERB	"	PUNCT	 "
No. 142 was the home of radical publisher and physician John Chapman, who published contemporary authors from this house during the 1850s and edited the journal Westminster Review from 1851. George Eliot lived at No. 142 between 1851 and 1855. Virginia Woolf regularly travelled along	along	ADP	the	DET	 the
The fact that the name Razumikhin means " reason " shows Dostoyevsky's desire to employ this faculty as a foundational basis for his Christian faith in God. Other characters of the novel are: Praskovya Pavlovna Zarnitsyna – Raskolnikov's landlady (called Pashenka). Shy and	and	CCONJ	retiring	NOUN	 retiring
In five starts for the Royals, Bautista had an 0 – 4 record, a 6.51 ERA, 18 strikeouts, and 11 walks in 27 2 ⁄ 3 innings pitched. Bautista was ranked the second best prospect in the Royals ' organization before the 2005 season by	by	ADP	Baseball	PROPN	 Baseball
The " sombre " oak panelling originally came from the family's other property of Wormleighton Manor in Warwickshire. Charles Spencer recalled that three generations of Spencers would eat their lunch together and that dining conditions were " silent, apart from the noises of my grandfather eating with	with	ADP	great	ADJ	 great
US 24 designations; it terminates after the two directions of the boulevard diverge and form a one way loop around the city's business district. Many historical sites are located along Woodward Avenue, which was included in the MotorCities National Heritage Area when it was created on	on	ADP	November	PROPN	 November
The chairman (of the CBF, José Maria Marin) authorised me to open a legal action at the Justice Ministry requesting that he loses his Brazilian citizenship, which Diego Costa has rejected... The chairman told me that Costa has proved he's not fit to be	be	AUX	part	NOUN	 part
Central Area was disbanded in August and its responsibilities divided between Northern Area, Southern Area, and the newly formed No. 2 (Training) Group. By December 1941, Lukis ' frontline strength in the Northern Territory consisted of No. 2 Squadron (flying Lockheed	Lockheed	PROPN	Hudsons	PROPN	 Hudsons
While he was on reconnaissance duties with No. 8 Squadron, the London Gazette announced that he had been awarded the Military Cross " for conspicuous skill and gallantry on many occasions, " particularly for " one occasion [when] he attacked six in one flight "	"	PUNCT	.	PUNCT	.
Glinicki was philosophical about the win, noting in December 2012 that there were many awards and ceremonies, but that the memory of London was fading over time. He returned to coaching his club team, Hamburger SV (now renamed BG Baskets Hamburg), which included	included	VERB	national	ADJ	 national
In some joints, a compatible filler metal is chosen to help form the bond, and this filler metal can be the same as one of the base materials (for example, using a stainless steel filler metal with stainless steel and carbon steel as base materials)	)	PUNCT	,	PUNCT	,
In mid August 1969, Bob Dylan had confounded the media's expectations by shunning the Woodstock Festival, an event he had helped to inspire. Instead, after three years in virtual seclusion with his family, Dylan decided to make his comeback a fortnight after Woodstock,	,	PUNCT	by	ADP	 by
" In medieval times, all comic types – the buffoon, jester, hunchback, dwarf, jokester, were all " considered to be essentially of one comic type: the fool ", who while not necessarily funny, represented " the shortcomings of the individual "	"	PUNCT	.	PUNCT	.
As time went by, Vainio consumed more and more alcohol. In the late 1960s he frequented Tapion Tuoppi with Gunnar Mattsson and Aarre Elo. He often carried a hip flask in case he ran out of something to drink. Vainio's deteriorating family relationships are considered	considered	VERB	to	PART	 to
The order involved 40 Jaguars built in Europe at Warton, and 120 licence built aircraft from Hindustan Aeronautics Limited (HAL) under the local name Shamsher (" Sword of Justice "). As an interim measure, 18 Royal Air Force Jaguars were loaned to the	the	DET	Indian	PROPN	 Indian
Claes Uggla was next in command after Creutz and became the acting commander of the Swedish fleet. When the line came about, Uggla and his ship Svärdet came on a collision course with the still floating wreckage of Kronan, and were forced to jibe (turn the	the	DET	stern	NOUN	 stern
The mayor can approve or veto any ordinances or resolutions approved by the council, makes sure all contracts with the city are kept and performed, signs all bonds and contracts, is responsible for the city budget, and can appoint people to various city departments, organizations	organizations	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
Invented in 2007, the magicJack is a small product which can be plugged into a computer's USB port and allows for unlimited calling from regular telephones. In 2010, YMAX, the company behind the magicJack, merged with an Israeli company and became a publicly traded	traded	VERB	corporation	NOUN	 corporation
Strings introduce the song with a series of repeated arpeggiated notes, which continue as Yorke's singing begins. There is a bridge described as a " grim, delicately furious peak " halfway through the song. Pitchfork Media's Mark Richardson compared the track to Gavin Bryars	Bryars	PROPN	'	PART	 '
Writing for AllMusic, Blake Butler rated Tomahawk four stars out of five, describing the album as " moody, violent, beautiful, sarcastic, vomitive, silly [and] heartstopping ". Butler praised Patton's versatility, calling the vocalist " a complete and utter	utter	ADJ	musical	ADJ	 musical
A local group called Stand UP formed to fund the costs of the lawsuit, soliciting donations from supporters of the road; the group's leaders include former chairman of the County Board of Commissioners and current Tilden Township Supervisor Deborah Pellow, Tony Retaskie of the Upper Peninsula	Peninsula	PROPN	Construction	PROPN	 Construction
As a matter of fact, since the Spring of 1804 informal talks, mediated by Talleyrand, had been under way with the Batavian envoy in Paris, Schimmelpenninck, who had a good personal rapport with Napoleon (by now emperor). Schimmelpenninck was a power in	in	ADP	the	DET	 the
A spokesman for the band said " Several record stores have refused to stock our current single.... the Nice feel if the posters are issued in United States they will do considerable harm ". During the tour that followed the release of their second album in July,	,	PUNCT	the	DET	 the
The song was praised for the presence of Wisin & Yandel and its hook. Queen previously collaborated with Wisin & Yandel on their seventh studio album, La Revolución (2009), with " Perfecto " (which also featured Yaviah). The minor key " La	La	PROPN	Vida	PROPN	 Vida
In 2012, Halo 4 was the third most played game on Xbox Live based on average unique users per day. Halo 4 supports downloadable content (DLC), which is available to download via the Xbox Live Marketplace. Three War Games map packs, each containing	containing	VERB	three	NUM	 three
After the discovery of Pluto and Charon, no more trans Neptunian objects (TNOs) were found until (15760) 1992 QB1 in 1992. Since then, thousands of such objects have been discovered. Most are now recognized as part of the Kuiper belt, a	a	DET	swarm	NOUN	 swarm
While no satellites larger than 0.5 km were found, the cameras of the spacecraft detected seven small clumps of ring particles. They orbit just inside the orbit of Adrastea inside a dense ringlet. The conclusion, that they are clumps and not small moons, is based	based	VERB	on	ADP	 on
If the player wishes to take over a territory through diplomatic means, they must initiate dialogue with the local leader. If the player has a high enough popularity, the local leader may invite them to a sporting event, such as elephant race or a game hunting	hunting	NOUN	session	NOUN	 session
The name of the character was based on the name of Jacqueline Atkins, a writer's assistant on The Simpsons. The episode also features Marcia Wallace, Pamela Hayden, Maggie Roswell, Russi Taylor and Karl Wiedergott. The episode satirizes the " skewed priorities " sometimes	sometimes	ADV	associated	VERB	 associated
Bobby Briggs is seated at the bar next to the old waiter (Hank Worden) from The Great Northern. While a singer and band perform, Cooper has a vision of The Giant standing alone on stage. The Giant tells Cooper, " It is happening again	again	ADV	.	PUNCT	.
They went on to lose the bronze medal game 3 – 1 to Sweden. Their fourth place finish marked their best placing at the World Championships since 1953 when they won silver. Leading Germany in average ice time with 23: 34 minutes per game, Ehrhoff was	was	AUX	named	VERB	 named
It is likely that all of these cultures spoke a form of Celtic language known as Pritennic. The occupants of southern Scotland were the Damnonii in the Clyde valley, the Novantae in Galloway, the Selgovae on the south coast and the Votadini to the east. These	These	DET	peoples	NOUN	 peoples
Neurolinguistics research investigates several topics, including where language information is processed, how language processing unfolds over time, how brain structures are related to language acquisition and learning, and how neurophysiology can contribute to speech and language pathology. Much work in neurolinguistics has, like Broca	Broca	PROPN	's	PART	's
Grevillea juniperina is pollinated by birds, with bees also recorded visiting flowers. The leaves are food for caterpillars of the cyprotus blue (Candalides cyprotus). A springtail species of Australian origin — Calvatomina superba — was found on Grevillea juniperina cultivated at the Lost Gardens of	of	ADP	Heligan	PROPN	 Heligan
The single was written to originally include Ronnie himself but was changed to be a tribute to him as his health was declining. Proceeds from sale of the single went to The Irish Cancer Society at the request of Drew himself. The song was performed live on The	The	DET	Late	ADJ	 Late
Abdullah became emir in 888, and Onneca's son Muhammad was named heir to the throne. However, Muhammad was assassinated by his younger half brother al Mutarrif on 28 January 891. There is disagreement among historians as to whether al Mutarrif acted on his own or	or	CCONJ	at	ADP	 at
Beecher stated his intent for Norwood was to present a heroine who is " large of soul, a child of nature, and, although a Christian, yet in childlike sympathy with the truths of God in the natural world, instead of books. " McDougall describes	describes	VERB	the	DET	 the
Held annually, the Boat Race is a side by side rowing race between crews from the Universities of Oxford and Cambridge along the River Thames. It was won by Oxford in the closest finish for a century, despite one of their oarsman collapsing before the end of	of	ADP	the	DET	 the
Variety praised the performances of the cast, remarking that as Ziegfeld, William Powell " endows the impersonation with all the qualities of a great entrepreneur and sentimentalist without sacrificing the shades and moods called for " and noting that Luise Rainer is " tops of the femmes with	with	ADP	her	PRON	 her
Meredith is working with Dr. Penny Blake (Samantha Sloyan) and Dr. Ben Warren (Jason George) on Lou, a patient who needs a neurological consult. Ben asks Dr. Amelia Shepherd (Caterina Scorsone), but she chooses to assist Dr. Owen Hunt (Kevin	Kevin	PROPN	McKidd	PROPN	 McKidd
Two of the females laid eggs before dying, one laying 3,000 and the other 8,000. H. estellinensis lived in Estelline Salt Springs east of the town of Estelline in Hall County, Texas, 500 miles (800 km) from the nearest ocean. Before its extinction	extinction	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
Declaring Kessler an idiot for thinking he would use his powers for the greater good, he then laughs at the idea of using them to fight The Beast. Once the storyline is finished, the player can continue to gain XP and collect Blast Shards. Infamous was	was	AUX	developed	VERB	 developed
His performance was followed by Colombian singer Fanny Lu. One hour after Lu's performance, a 8.8 magnitude massive earthquake affected the south central regions of Chile. On social networks, Arjona was jokingly blamed, with remarks such as " earthquakes go where he goes "	"	PUNCT	,	PUNCT	,
Following the 2013 season, Fister was named a finalist for the Gold Glove Award for the pitcher position alongside Mark Buehrle and R.A. Dickey. Fister finished the season with zero errors for a perfect 1.000 fielding percentage. Additionally, he led all American League pitchers in putouts	putouts	NOUN	(	PUNCT	 (
If the claimant had an interest short of ownership, then the value of that interest formed the basis for the damages instead. An heir of the claimant could sue, but the heir of a thief was not liable. Some types of theft were criminal wrongs by	by	ADP	the	DET	 the
When it was shown at the Royal Academy Summer Exhibition of 1825, it attracted near universal praise from critics for its technical excellence, its fusion of the styles of different schools of painting, and its subject matter. Nevertheless, it failed to find a buyer at	at	ADP	the	DET	 the
Veilleux finished within the peloton to maintain his race lead by 1 ' 56 " over Meersman. 4 June 2013 — Ambérieu en Bugey to Tarare, 167 km (103.8 mi) The third stage of the race was split into two distinctive sections; the first portion	portion	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
He was soon a champion again, however, as he and Thor the Viking were booked to win the NWA Florida United States Tag Team Championship in early 1979. They dropped the belts to Killer Karl Kox and Jimmy Garvin, but LeDuc soon regained the title by	by	ADP	teaming	VERB	 teaming
He fiercely defended the Ottoman regime in Bosnia, polemicising with newspapers from Serbia and Austria which criticised it. In May 1869, when Osman Pasha ceased to be the governor of the Vilayet of Bosnia, Davičo returned to Belgrade. The new governor installed Kurtćehajić as the	the	DET	director	NOUN	 director
Her team investigated the provenance of the two paintings and relationships between them through technical analyses. At that time both paintings underwent further restorations. They examined the wooden supports, parchment fibres and priming layers of the Philadelphia painting. A sample of paint was taken from the	the	DET	seraph	ADJ	 seraph
He later accompanied his father in Harald's campaign against Denmark in 1062, and was appointed regent and made king before Harald's fatal invasion of England in 1066. Magnus briefly ruled Norway alone thereafter, until his younger brother Olaf returned from England in 1067. Magnus	Magnus	PROPN	co	NOUN	 co
Unbeknown to them, the Budjak cession had been secretly agreed upon with Nelidov in early 1877. Even then, against his subordinates in the diplomatic corps, but in consonance with the Domnitor, Kogălniceanu privately noted that he " fully agreed " with it, and that	that	SCONJ	he	PRON	 he
The Egyptians and Sumerians employed it for the reduction of copper, zinc, and tin ores in the manufacture of bronze. Diamonds were probably known from as early as 2500 BCE. The first true chemical analyses were made in the 18th century; Lavoisier recognized carbon as	as	ADP	an	DET	 an
A civil case on behalf of a weaver wounded at Peterloo was brought against four members of the Manchester Yeomanry, Captain Birley, Captain Withington, Trumpeter Meagher, and Private Oliver, at Lancaster Assizes, on 4 April 1822. All were acquitted, as the court	court	NOUN	ruled	VERB	 ruled
Max and Stacey are devastated, and he pulls her away from the body. She tells him it is her fault, as Bradley did not kill Archie, she did. The following day, Marsden says the police will no longer be pursuing the investigation. Stacey	Stacey	PROPN	then	ADV	 then
Anekāntavāda received much criticism from the Vedantists, notably Adi Sankarācārya (9th century C.E.). Sankara argued against some tenets of Jainism in his bhasya on Brahmasutra (2: 2: 33 – 36). His main arguments centre on anekāntavāda: It is impossible that	that	SCONJ	contradictory	ADJ	 contradictory
This was also the highest finish by an Ottawa team in 77 years (since the original Senators finished first overall in 1926). In the 2003 playoffs, they defeated Yashin and his New York Islanders and the Philadelphia Flyers before coming within one game of making it	it	PRON	into	ADP	 into
Heyward attended Henry County High School in McDonough near Atlanta. Heyward briefly played basketball in his youth, but concentrated exclusively on baseball in high school after his father's urging. In February 2010, an Associated Press reporter learned from a varsity coach that Heyward's early	early	ADJ	batting	NOUN	 batting
Hamilton was later excluded from the qualifying results after his car did not have enough fuel to return to the pits for scrutineering, promoting Maldonado to pole position and moving Hamilton to the back of the grid. Fernando Alonso took the lead of the race at the first	first	ADJ	corner	NOUN	 corner
" My All " peaked at number four on the Billboard Hot R & B / Hip Hop Songs, and eighteen on the Adult Contemporary chart. It finished number seventeen on the Billboard end of year chart, and ninety nine on the end of decade chart.	.	PUNCT	In	ADP	 In
The jaguar is now extinct in El Salvador and Uruguay. It occurs in the 400 km² Cockscomb Basin Wildlife Sanctuary in Belize, the 5,300 km² Sian Ka ' an Biosphere Reserve in Mexico, the approximately 15,000 km2 Manú National Park in Peru, the approximately 26,000 km2	km2	NOUN	Xingu	PROPN	 Xingu
Three tracks were released as singles; " Mama " reached No. 4 in the UK, their highest charting UK single to date, and " That's All " reached No. 6 in the U.S. The Mama Tour ran from late 1983 through to 1984,	,	PUNCT	covering	VERB	 covering
" In a March 24, 2008 extended interview conducted in Ankara, Turkey with ABC News correspondent Martha Raddatz on the fifth anniversary of the original U.S. military assault on Iraq, Cheney responded to a question about public opinion polls showing that Americans had lost confidence in the	the	DET	war	NOUN	 war
Although Blanca never developed a true eye, at its peak there was a ring of convection resembling one. Under the influence of strong shear from the southeast, Blanca began to weaken and move erratically. The storm degenerated to a remnant low on June 22 and lasted	lasted	VERB	a	DET	 a
He praised the " simple but effective ", " cartoonish " and colorful visual style, the improved detail from the game's predecessors along with the " light hearted tone " and " spectacular and bloody " gore effects. He praised the destructible environments but thought the	the	DET	characters	NOUN	 characters
Wild tuatara are known to be still reproducing at about 60 years of age; " Henry ", a male tuatara at Southland Museum in Invercargill, New Zealand, became a father (possibly for the first time) on 23 January 2009, at the age of	of	ADP	111	NUM	 111
Two plays later, Linton ran across the goal line and into the end zone for the Tar Heels ' first touchdown of the second half. The extra point kick was partially blocked by the Virginia Tech defense and was no good, but the Tar Heels still extended	extended	VERB	their	PRON	 their
Funding was increased during the 1950s as the fuel taxes were increased. Whereas those revenues during the war dropped to levels barely sufficient to keep existing highways in usable condition, they were increased during the following decade to deal with increasing traffic. The state highway department was	was	AUX	also	ADV	 also
Two days before the crash of Oceanic Flight 815, Ben discovers he has a spinal tumor. After witnessing the crash, he sends Ethan Rom (William Mapother) and Goodwin Stanhope (Brett Cullen) to investigate. He chooses Goodwin in order to remove Ben's	's	PART	competition	NOUN	 competition
Since 2010, the rate of increase was 1.5% with a 2.3% increase in Africa and a 0.3% increase in the Americas and Europe. 48.8% of Catholics live in the Americas, 23.5% in Europe, 16.0% in Africa, 10.9% in	in	ADP	Asia	PROPN	 Asia
Some more radical activists, including Frank Kameny and Randy Wicker, found the program wanting for the apologetic tone it took toward homosexuality. In 2002, the Gay & Lesbian Alliance Against Defamation presented KQED with the first Pioneer Award, in recognition of its production of The	The	DET	Rejected	PROPN	 Rejected
Madison's daughter Ellen Wayles Hemings married Alexander Jackson Roberts, a graduate of Oberlin College. When their first son was young, they moved to Los Angeles, California, where the family and its descendants became leaders in the twentieth century. Their first son Frederick Madison	Madison	PROPN	Roberts	PROPN	 Roberts
These contemporaries include his former competitors, many of whom were driven to ruin, but many others of whom sold out at a profit (or a profitable stake in Standard Oil, as Rockefeller often offered his shares as payment for a business), and quite a	a	DET	few	ADJ	 few
Slashdotters often use the abbreviation TFA which stands for The fucking article or RTFA (" Read the fucking article "), which itself is derived from the abbreviation RTFM. Usage of this abbreviation often exposes comments from posters who have not read the article linked to in	in	ADP	the	DET	 the
The Levels and Moors include 32 Sites of Special Scientific Interest (twelve of them also Special Protection Areas), the Huntspill River and Bridgwater Bay National Nature Reserves, the Somerset Levels and Moors Ramsar Site covering about 86,000 acres (348 km2), the Somerset Levels	Levels	PROPN	National	PROPN	 National
Two proposed endings to the storyline were for either Ric Flair or Vince Russo to be the father of her child. The angle, however, ended prematurely, as she revealed the pregnancy to be false, broke up with David Flair, and was taken off of	of	ADP	television	NOUN	 television
The ship was present at the Battle of Jutland on 31 May – 1 June 1916. She and her sisters briefly engaged the British battlecruisers commanded by David Beatty; Pommern was hit once by a 12 in (30.5 cm) shell from the battlecruiser HMS Indomitable.	.	PUNCT	During	ADP	 During
The prosecution indicated it would not appeal. On December 18, 2007, prosecutor Hans Mos officially declared the case closed, and that no charges would be filed due to lack of evidence. The prosecution indicated a continuing interest in the Kalpoes and Joran van der Sloot	Sloot	PROPN	(	PUNCT	 (
Under the supervision of former Gaza mayor Said al Shawa, it was restored by the Supreme Muslim Council in 1926 27. In 1928, the Supreme Muslim Council held a mass demonstration involving both local Muslims and Christians at the Great Mosque in order to rally support for	for	ADP	boycotting	VERB	 boycotting
By September 1944, Ostojić had been promoted to lieutenant colonel, and was the Chetnik area commander in eastern Bosnia. In early September 1944, as Mihailović had been removed as Minister of the Army, Navy and Air Force with the demise of the Purić government in	in	ADP	exile	NOUN	 exile
The remastered 10th anniversary edition of City was released on June 7, 2007, in similar vein to the 2006 remaster of Heavy as a Really Heavy Thing, with bonus tracks and extended liner notes by Townsend. A career spanning best of album, entitled 1994 –	–	PUNCT	2006	NUM	 2006
In November 2005, the world's largest Costco, a warehouse club store, opened in Hillsboro. The store, with 205,000 square feet (19,000 m2) of floor space, is about 60,000 square feet (5,600 m2) bigger than the average Costco. Wineries	Wineries	NOUN	near	ADP	 near
On Snowdon Hill is a small cottage which was originally a toll house built by the Chard Turnpike trust in the 1830s, to collect fees from those using a road up the hill which avoided the steep gradient. Chard claims to be the birthplace of powered flight,	,	PUNCT	as	SCONJ	 as
The area south of Lake Ladoga is a heavily forested area with many wetlands (especially peat deposits) closer to the lake. In addition the forest shielded both sides from visual observation. Both of these factors greatly hindered the mobility of artillery and vehicles in the area	area	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
The accompanying soundtrack album, Glitter, became Carey's lowest selling album to that point. The St. Louis Post Dispatch dismissed it as " an absolute mess that'll go down as an annoying blemish on a career that, while not always critically heralded, was at	at	ADV	least	ADJ	 least
The first woolly mammoth remains studied by European scientists were examined by Hans Sloane in 1728 and consisted of fossilised teeth and tusks from Siberia. Sloane was the first to recognise that the remains belonged to elephants. Sloane turned to another biblical explanation for the presence of elephants	elephants	NOUN	in	ADP	 in
Construction of the Gordie Howe International Bridge is set to begin in 2015 for completion in 2019 – 20. In 2007 Minister of Transportation Donna Cansfield commented that the MTO intends to widen all of the remaining four lane sections to a minimum of six. With no dates	dates	NOUN	set	VERB	 set
The following year, on 13 May 2007, McFall struck gold and achieved a competition record time of 26.84 seconds in the 200 metres in his début at the Visa Paralympic World Cup in Manchester, England; he also garnered a silver in the 100 metres. Subsequently	Subsequently	ADV	,	PUNCT	,
The move to Scotland became permanent and No. 4 Commando were based at Ayr. While all this was going on, a decision was made to concentrate the commandos and Independent Companies into five large 1,000 man battalions, each of two companies. No. 4 Commando	Commando	PROPN	was	AUX	 was
He again showed his disrespect for authority and reputation. In one match against Melbourne, for whom his boss and state cricket team mate Percy Beames played, Miller charged towards Beames with a raised elbow at the start of the match, forcing his boss to be taken	taken	VERB	from	ADP	 from
All of his unpublished musical manuscripts were eventually microfilmed. Gentieu also sent Sorabji a tape recorder to record some of his music, but Sorabji did not do so. Rapoport has argued that Sorabji's reluctance to make commercial recordings of his music stemmed from a fear of	of	ADP	losing	VERB	 losing
Males may try to mate with females while calling or displaying. In response, a female will adopt a threatening posture and attack a male before flying away, pursued by the male. The male displays in front of her, attracting other males, who also pursue	pursue	VERB	and	CCONJ	 and
The San Francisco Bay Area, with its large Asian American population, celebrated his arrival. He became the first American of Chinese or Taiwanese descent to play in the NBA. Lin received the loudest ovation of the night in the Warriors ' home exhibition opener at Oracle	Oracle	PROPN	Arena	PROPN	 Arena
Early in Woods ' career, a small number of golf experts expressed concern about his impact on the competitiveness of the game and the public appeal of professional golf. Sportswriter Bill Lyon of Knight Ridder asked in a column, " Isn't Tiger Woods actually bad for	for	ADP	golf	NOUN	 golf
As a result, the population declined slightly in the 1970s and 1980s, falling to 136,646 in 1981. It began climbing again in the late 1980s, and steadily grew to 144,518 in 1996 and 145,554 in 2004. In 2010 Odense had a population of 166,305 people	people	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
Material for " HS 7, R 3 " was in the Los Alamos metallurgy section, and would also be ready by September 5 (it is not certain whether this date allowed for the unmentioned " HS 8 " ' s fabrication to complete the fourth core)	)	PUNCT	.	PUNCT	.
This circumstance is useful in isotope geology. Mangenese chromium isotope ratios reinforce the evidence from 26Al and 107Pd concerning the early history of the solar system. Variations in 53Cr / 52Cr and Mn / Cr ratios from several meteorites indicate an initial 53Mn / 55Mn ratio that suggests	suggests	VERB	Mn	PROPN	 Mn
It consists of the following bastions: St. Gregory Bastion – an asymmetrical bastion with a long left face. It was altered by the British to house QF 6 pounder 10 cwt guns. St. Gregory Curtain – a curtain wall linking St. Gregory and Conception Bastions. It	It	PRON	contains	VERB	 contains
Three important works were published in 1990: the Publication of Design Management – A Handbook of Issues and Methods by Mark Oakley (Editor), the book Design Management by French researcher Brigitte Borja de Mozota, and the Publication of Design Management – Papers from the London	London	PROPN	Business	PROPN	 Business
The AL added some insurance runs in the eighth when Víctor Martínez hit a two run home run just inside the left field foul pole to give the AL a 5 – 2 lead. The American League's closers then entered the game, with Jonathan Papelbon pitching a	a	DET	scoreless	NOUN	 scoreless
Divalent chalcogenides SmS, SmSe and SmTe with cubic rock salt crystal structure are also known. They are remarkable by converting from semiconducting to metallic state at room temperature upon application of pressure. Whereas the transition is continuous and occurs at about 20 – 30 kbar in SmSe	SmSe	PROPN	and	CCONJ	 and
Meanwhile, the Carmel Valley Coalition sued the city as well. The California Coastal Commission approved the construction on September 13, and several local residents representing both sides of the debate attended the meeting in Marina del Rey. Construction on the predecessor of SR 56 began on	on	ADP	November	PROPN	 November
The craze for Berlin work peaked around 1850 and died out in the 1870s, under the influence of a competing aesthetic that would become known as art needlework. In 1848, the influential Gothic Revival architect G. E. Street co wrote a book called Ecclesiastical Embroidery. He	He	PRON	was	AUX	 was
The painting is dominated by the massive figure of Fujiwara no Michinaga dressed in brocade jacket and trousers and placed in the centre of the room. Murasaki Shikibu and Saishō no Kimi are huddled near the border of the painting with heads bent down as a sign of submission	submission	NOUN	and	CCONJ	 and
The ship, named for Francesco Morosini, the 17th century Doge of Venice, was the second of three ships in the Ruggiero di Lauria class, along with Ruggiero di Lauria and Andrea Doria. She was armed with a main battery of four 17 inch (432	432	NUM	mm	NUM	 mm
Further damage to the town took place during the English Civil War with both sides plundering its resources, particularly in 1644 when Charles I spent a week in the town. A 1663 will by Richard Harvey of Exeter established Almshouses which became Harvey's Hospital. These were	were	AUX	rebuilt	VERB	 rebuilt
The NBA's owners originally voted 7 – 1 against the move. When Short indicated that he might take the team to new rival league that was developing however, the owners held another vote that same day and allowed the relocation (8 – 0). Aided	Aided	VERB	by	ADP	 by
I've been here since eight o ' clock. It's now eleven. I've got all night, and I'm used to the heat, " she told them. Later, she wrote, " They're all good souls — they just shouldn't	n't	PART	be	AUX	 be
Oliver eventually settled in Bristol, England, where he died in 1815. The Massachusetts government confiscated Oliver's property during the American Revolutionary War, and sold it in 1779 to Andrew Cabot. In 1787 Elbridge Gerry purchased the Cambridge estate, which became his home.	.	PUNCT	In	ADP	 In
Wagga Wagga is home to two major Australian Defence Force establishments. The delineation of the Riverina region by government agencies and other bodies varies, but in common usage it generally comprises the agricultural and pastoral areas of New South Wales, west of the Great Dividing Range and	and	CCONJ	in	ADP	 in
The $100 000 000 Bearer Cheque would have been the lowest legal tender denomination in circulation had the expiry dates of currency cheques been enforced without extension, with the $100 billion Agro Cheque being the highest whether or not the $200 000 note was legal tender	tender	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
At the start of his career, he thus mainly held sponsorship contracts with companies that employ sports oriented marketing, such as Adidas, Pepsi, and Konami. From 2010 onwards, concurrently with his increased achievements as a player, his marketing appeal widened, leading to	to	ADP	long	ADJ	 long
He was also opposed to duelling, which he described as the " disgrace of a Christian society " and was appalled when his friend Pitt engaged in a duel in 1798, particularly as it occurred on a Sunday, the Christian day of rest. Wilberforce was generous	generous	ADJ	with	ADP	 with
Experienced officers, including the Kurdish captain Ali Kılıç, were sent by Mustafa Kemal to organize the tribal units and chete (irregular fighters) bands in the region. The Turkish forces in Marash numbered 2,500. Some of them were armed with old hunting rifles and others	others	NOUN	with	ADP	 with
At the age of 22, Laird captained Stevenage for the first time in their 1 – 0 loss to Hereford United on 8 March 2011. In the club's following match, against Wycombe Wanderers at Adams Park, Laird was sent off for two bookable offences,	,	PUNCT	although	SCONJ	 although
Tech was able to continue the advance across midfield and into Indiana territory, but the Hoosiers ' defense stiffened and denied Tech another first down. After a Hokie punt, Indiana began its second offensive drive at its 15 yard line. Indiana's first play on the	the	DET	new	ADJ	 new
Archaeologists have been unable to prove whether this adoption of farming was because of a new influx of migrants coming in from continental Europe or because the indigenous Mesolithic Britons came to adopt the agricultural practices of continental societies. Either way, it certainly emerged through contact with continental	continental	PROPN	Europe	PROPN	 Europe
The final game of the playoff series was described as Thompson's most memorable. During that game, Toronto and Boston were tied after regulation time and over 100 minutes of overtime proceeded, with Thompson dueling Toronto's goaltender Lorne Chabot. After the end of the fifth	fifth	ADJ	overtime	NOUN	 overtime
Without intelligence about Howe's intentions, Washington was forced to divide his still poorly trained forces, principally between Manhattan and Long Island. The Howes, who were politically ambivalent about the conflict, had been authorized to act as peace commissioners, and attempted to establish contact	contact	NOUN	with	ADP	 with
In 1852, John Russell Hind wrote that " it is universally termed Hygiea, the unnecessary appendage ' Borbonica ' being dropped " (as well as the final " ia " in favor of just " a "). The name comes from Hygieia, the Greek	Greek	ADJ	goddess	NOUN	 goddess
The English astronomer John Flamsteed made comparable measurement attempts and had similar results. In 1704, Italian astronomer Jacques Philippe Maraldi " made a systematic study of the southern cap and observed that it underwent " variations as the planet rotated. This indicated that the cap was not	not	PART	centered	VERB	 centered
1964: Adding a kitchen to the basement " for social purposes ". In the 1990s, the north facing orange red brick facade presented a large, compound arched brick and stone portico, with deeply recessed doors. This arch was " supported by three carved columns	columns	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
As with other Roman towns, the walls would have enclosed a rectangular town, protecting a settlement with a grid like network of streets. The decline of the Roman Empire brought an end to Roman rule in Britain by the start of the 5th century. The town	town	NOUN	within	ADP	 within
The message Kylie wanted to say with this video is important, and I am lucky to have worked with her on it. " The video begins with close up shots of several items, including a soft drink glass, a bottle of milk, marshmallows, and	and	CCONJ	pages	NOUN	 pages
24. 05. " Soon after the book's publication, Potter's ageing Mrs. Tiggy began showing signs of failing health. She wrote a friend on February 1, 1906, " I am sorry to say I am upset about poor Mrs. Tiggy. She has	has	AUX	n't	PART	n't
Running back Kenny Miles had four receptions for 23 yards, while wide receiver Jason Barnes had two catches for 21 yards. Garcia's remaining passes were caught by wide receiver Tori Gurley, who had three catches for 14 yards; Moe Brown, who caught one pass	pass	NOUN	for	ADP	 for
Her only appearance was in " The Itchy & Scratchy & Poochie Show. " It is assumed she is a reference to veteran voice actress June Foray, based on the same first name. In the episode, Bellamy states that a woman voiced the characters, although	although	SCONJ	Itchy	PROPN	 Itchy
Gisela's mother was Gisela of Burgundy, a member of the Welf dynasty. Born around 985, Gisela was younger than her husband, whom she survived. She left Hungary in 1045 and died as Abbess of the Niedernburg Abbey in Passau in Bavaria around 1060.	.	PUNCT	Although	SCONJ	 Although
Scalia responded to his critics that his originalism " has occasionally led him to decisions he deplores, like his upholding the constitutionality of flag burning ", which according to Scalia was protected by the First Amendment. In 2009, after nearly a quarter century on the Court	Court	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
" Due to the success of Dude Ranch, the label and band management had high expectations. When the band completed writing and recording demos for the songs, the three headed to Los Angeles to record drum tracks at Chick Corea's Mad Hatter Studios in January 1999	1999	NUM	.	PUNCT	.
In order to build a rapport together, Winstead and Paul got drunk together the night before filming began, which Winstead described as being " very messy ". Smashed was filmed in Los Angeles over 19 days in October 2011. It was shot on a $500,000	500,000	NUM	budget	NOUN	 budget
Ryu encounters the look alike bio noid again while inside the subspace, who was resurrected and transmuted into a super creature. After he defeats the look alike, Ryu is instantly teleported into a room, where he meets Clancy once again. He tells Ryu that he	he	PRON	has	AUX	 has
The book ends with an encounter with a drug addict who cared enough for her to show her the effects of his drug habit, which galvanizes her to reject drug addiction and to make something of her life for her and her son. Beginning in Gather Together,	,	PUNCT	motherhood	NOUN	 motherhood
After its UK release, The Daily Telegraph said the iPad's lack of Adobe Flash support was " annoying ". The iPad was selected by Time magazine as one of the 50 Best Inventions of the Year 2010, while Popular Science chose it as the top gadget	gadget	NOUN	behind	ADP	 behind
The programming covers the history of the U.S. from the founding of the nation through the late 20th century. Programs include American Artifacts, which is dedicated to exploring museums, archives and historical sites, and Lectures in History, featuring major university history professors giving lectures on	on	ADP	U.S.	PROPN	 U.S.
Shabana Azmi played the role of Neerja's mother in the film. In an interview with The Indian Express, Azmi describes her character and explains, " It was very difficult to play her, particularly the last scene where Rama addresses an audience. It is an	an	DET	extremely	ADV	 extremely
Immediately after the shock wave passed, the water wave lifted the stern 43 feet (13 m) and the bow 29 feet (8.8 m), rocked the ship side to side, and crashed over her, sweeping all five moored airplanes off the flight deck	deck	NOUN	and	CCONJ	 and
During his playing career he stood 5 feet, 4 inches (163 centimeters) and weighed 140 pounds (64 kilograms), making him the second shortest player in NHL history, behind Roy Worters. Dion moved to Asbestos, Quebec after the conclusion of his hockey	hockey	NOUN	career	NOUN	 career
He also completed during this stay his third and fourth operas Rienzi and Der fliegende Holländer. Wagner had completed Rienzi in 1840. With the strong support of Giacomo Meyerbeer, it was accepted for performance by the Dresden Court Theatre (Hofoper) in the Kingdom of Saxony	Saxony	PROPN	and	CCONJ	 and
He donated a 41 acre shoreline property to the Yale Peabody Museum Natural Areas, which they described as " one of the few natural forest areas left in the state. " The property now has long term protection for use in biological and geological research. On December	December	PROPN	2	NUM	 2
Another new segment of highway opened that same year east of Jackson, bypassing Leoni and Grass Lake to the north. This new bypass was extended eastward from Sylvan to bypass Chelsea to the south the following year, filling a gap in " super highway " segments between	between	ADP	Jackson	PROPN	 Jackson
When completed in 2009 the Plaza overtook Opal 3 as Leeds ' second tallest building. The tower contains 572 student flats and stands at 338 feet (103 m). It has 37 storeys (making it the building with the most storeys in Leeds, as the	the	DET	Bridgewater	PROPN	 Bridgewater
Research published in Dairy Industries International suggested that denatured whey proteins increased moisture retention, but that the improvements were very slight and not economically worthwhile relative to the minor improvements. Some consumers prefer pizza cheese with less browning, which can be achieved using low moisture part skim	skim	PROPN	Mozzarella	PROPN	 Mozzarella
In addition to these complications, tracheal intubation via the nasal route carries a risk of dislodgement of adenoids and potentially severe nasal bleeding. Newer technologies such as flexible fiberoptic laryngoscopy have fared better in reducing the incidence of some of these complications, though the most frequent cause	cause	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
After the Enterprise arrives, they rescue Dr. Clarke who brings them up to date: a thousand years ago, according to Ventaxian history, the population entered a Faustian deal with Ardra, their mythology's devil. In exchange for ending wars and restoring the ecological balance	balance	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
February 8, 1999 – Signed by the Florida Panthers to a five year, $47.5 million deal. March 18, 2002 – Traded by the Florida Panthers, along with Florida's second round draft choice in 2002 (Lee Falardeau), to the New York	York	PROPN	Rangers	PROPN	 Rangers
Career attorneys and analysts at the Department of Justice objected to the plan as diluting the votes of African American and Hispanic voters, but political appointees overrode them and approved it. Legal challenges to the redistricting reached the national Supreme Court in the case League of United Latin	Latin	PROPN	American	PROPN	 American
As such, the Company's claim under Rylands was not valid. Kennedy also chose to consider foreseeability of harm a factor in cases brought under Rylands, and stated the fact that harm was not foreseeable was a factor in his decision. The Cambridge Water Company then	then	ADV	appealed	VERB	 appealed
It was intended to be a darker entry in the Mega Man X series. Mega Man creator Keiji Inafune was responsible for establishing the western designed game and Adi Granov was responsible for X's new design. It was intended to be the first of a trilogy of	of	ADP	games	NOUN	 games
Celtic drew 0 – 0 with Rangers on 24 April 2011 in the final Old Firm league fixture of the season, with Samaras missing a penalty kick late in the second half. The draw kept Rangers one point ahead of Celtic in the league, and the Ibrox	Ibrox	PROPN	club	NOUN	 club
Almost from the moment Casablanca became a hit, talk began of producing a sequel. One titled Brazzaville (in the final scene, Renault recommends fleeing to that Free French held city) was planned, but never produced. Since then, no studio has seriously considered	considered	VERB	filming	VERB	 filming
The resulting 72 minutes of music was then performed by a 91 piece orchestra. Recording sessions for the score began on April 12, 1982 at the Warner Bros. lot, The Burbank Studios and continued until April 15. A pickup session was held on April 30 to	to	PART	record	VERB	 record
They expanded their family, having eight children over the next 17 years. Despite his federal pardon for being a Confederate general, Ross was disqualified from voting and serving as a juror by the first Reconstruction Act of March 2, 1867. This act, and the	the	DET	Supplementary	PROPN	 Supplementary
Pope Calixtus III, of Spanish background himself, could do little to secure Ferdinand, so he turned to Skanderbeg for aid. In 1457, Skanderbeg had achieved his most famous victory over the Ottoman Empire at Albulena (Ujëbardha), which was received with great enthusiasm	enthusiasm	NOUN	throughout	ADP	 throughout
Software tools, including player character and monster building programs, became a major part of the game. On January 9, 2012, Wizards of the Coast announced that it was working on a 5th edition of the game. The company planned to take suggestions from players	players	NOUN	and	CCONJ	 and
In its preseason top 100 player ranking, Okafor was listed at number 3 by ESPN. For the 2014 – 15 Atlantic Coast Conference men's basketball season, the conference media selected him as the ACC Preseason Rookie of the Year and as a Preseason All ACC Team	Team	PROPN	selection	NOUN	 selection
The battle above Khitomer was one of the last sequences to be shot, which proved fortuitous as the bridge of the Enterprise was damaged by the simulated sparks and explosions. The officer's mess set was blown up for a sequence where the Enterprise's hull is compromised	compromised	VERB	by	ADP	 by
Prominent characteristics include the small head, large ears, spotted and striped coat, long legs and a black tipped tail that is around 30 centimetres (12 in) long. In fact, the serval has the longest legs of any cat relative to its body size	size	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
In 1995, all of the comics and The Adventurer strips published to that date were released in a compilation, Sam & Max: Surfin ' the Highway. Published by Marlowe & Company, the 154 page book was updated and republished in 1996. This original version	version	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
There are several other historical cemeteries in Omaha, historical Jewish synagogues and historical Christian churches dating from the pioneer era, as well. The city's pioneering history is celebrated at two sculpture parks, Pioneer Courage and Spirit of Nebraska's Wilderness and The Transcontinental Railroad.	.	PUNCT	The	DET	 The
Pliny E. Holt, the son of Benjamin's half brother, William Harrison Holt, had been working with Stockton Wheel Company for the past nine years. In 1906, he was named president of the newly formed Aurora Engine Company, named after Aurora Street in Stockton	Stockton	PROPN	where	SCONJ	 where
The upperparts are dark brown with black streaks while the underparts are light gray. The white throat is framed by black malar stripes and a black breastband, and a white stripe is present at the base of the bill. Sky blue feathers are visible at the edge	edge	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
Dostoevsky uses different speech mannerisms and sentences of different length for different characters. Those who use artificial language — Luzhin, for example — are identified as unattractive people. Mrs. Marmeladov's disintegrating mind is reflected in her language, too. In the original Russian text,	,	PUNCT	the	DET	 the
South Dakota can generally be divided into three regions: eastern South Dakota, western South Dakota, and the Black Hills. The Missouri River serves as a somewhat stark boundary in terms of geographic, social and political differences between eastern and western South Dakota, and the	the	DET	geography	NOUN	 geography
For combat, the player may use fists, explosive land mines and thermal detonators, as well as blasters and other ranged weapons. Gameplay leans towards ranged combat, although some enemies have melee attacks such as punching, biting, and using axes. All player weapons	weapons	NOUN	except	SCONJ	 except
They performed together on seven occasions between 1833 and 1841. The first, on 2 April 1833, was at a benefit concert organized by Hector Berlioz for his bankrupt Shakespearean actress wife Harriet Smithson, during which they played George Onslow's Sonata in F minor for piano	piano	NOUN	duet	NOUN	 duet
Another explanation is that the attacks were an angry response by Bajrang Dal over the allegations that the New Life Fellowship Trust were indulging in forceful religious conversion of Hindus and distribution of vulgar literature slandering Hindu gods and goddesses. Bajrang Dal claimed that nearly 15,000 people had been	been	AUX	forced	VERB	 forced
The college recognizes over 70 student clubs on campus. A number of student clubs are dedicated to encouraging interest is a specific academic discipline, including the " W & J Denominators " mathematics club, the Society of Physics Students, and the Pre Health Professions Society.	.	PUNCT	Others	NOUN	 Others
Throughout this report reference is made to the “ alleged massacre ” and this misrepresentation of the historical events culminates in the final conclusion of this report, which reads: […] the number of Muslim soldiers who were executed by Bosnian Serb forces for personal revenge or	or	CCONJ	for	ADP	 for
Pedro II was neither a British style figurehead nor an autocrat in the manner of Russian czars. The Emperor exercised power through cooperation with elected politicians, economic interests, and popular support. The active presence of Pedro II on the political scene was an important part of	of	ADP	the	DET	 the
Meanwhile affluent suburban home buyers bypassed the area and the planned shopping and entertainment center was never built (although McCarthy's concept influenced the successful Houston Galleria which opened near an intersection of freeways on the city's west side in 1970). In about 1965 the first	first	ADJ	Trader	PROPN	 Trader
Martin Trout (Peter Cook) - A paparazzo in " One Foot in the Algarve ". He manages to take a number of compromising photographs, involving a high ranking politician. Trout compares the potential impact of the photos to the Profumo affair. On his way	way	NOUN	to	PART	 to
The video premiered on MTV on August 5, 2010 preceding a new episode of Jersey Shore. The " Power " video commences with a portrait view headshot of West staring intensely into the camera with illuminated eyes and wearing a large, low hanging gold chain necklace with	with	ADP	an	DET	 an
The median income for a household in the city was $46,299, and the median income for a family was $71,293 (these figures had risen to $51,232 and $82,293 respectively as of a 2007 estimate). Males had a median income of $48,880	48,880	NUM	versus	ADP	 versus
During the time he spent in Battambang for the coronation, Long organised the construction of a pagoda in the town, and in December, he unsuccessfully applied for a land concession. After the coronation, Long was taken to the That Son region in Châu Đốc,	,	PUNCT	in	ADP	 in
By August 1945, Indefatigable had 10 single Bofors guns, plus 14 twin and 12 single Oerlikon mounts. By April 1946 these had been reduced to 11 Bofors guns, 6 twin and 7 single Oerlikon guns. The specifics of the Implacable class ships ' radar suite	suite	NOUN	are	AUX	 are
Later, Lidy drifted to the west in the trade winds, dissipating on March 20 to the north of Réunion. After Lidy, there was one final non developing disturbance. A tropical disturbance is named when it reaches moderate tropical storm strength. If a tropical disturbance	disturbance	NOUN	reaches	VERB	 reaches
The Number One periscope was Triton's navigational periscope, and it had a built in sextant developed by the Kollmorgen Optical Company that allowed navigators to observe celestial bodies in order to obtain an accurate star fix to plot the ship's course and position. The U.S. Navy	Navy	PROPN	ordered	VERB	 ordered
The state's financial position was poor. Supporters of the dictatorship attempted to block progress on reforming the economy. The redistribution of wealth supported by the new government seemed a threat to the richest, in light of the recent Wall Street Crash and the onset of the	the	DET	Great	PROPN	 Great
In addition to the courthouse in the center of the square, each corner of the square is the site of a war memorial, including one that is considered a contributing property to the Hartford City Courthouse Square Historic District. Additional memorials are also located on the grounds	grounds	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
The monument's restoration cost totaled $2,850 USD. The tradition of decorating the Confederate graves in Indian Mound Cemetery has continued annually since June 1, 1866, and occurs on the first Saturday in June, which is known as Hampshire County Confederate Memorial Day or June	June	PROPN	Decoration	PROPN	 Decoration
Second, he established no policies to protect the safety of Chinese POWs. Third, he permitted an excessively large number of soldiers to enter the city of Nanking. Fourth, he did not cooperate sufficiently with the International Committee for the Nanking Safety Zone. Fifth,	,	PUNCT	he	PRON	 he
Other research challenges the identification of soft tissue as biofilm and confirms finding " branching, vessel like structures " from within fossilized bone. As of 2014, it is not clear if Tyrannosaurus was endothermic (warm blooded). Tyrannosaurus, like most dinosaurs, was long	long	ADV	thought	VERB	 thought
With an understanding of metabolic and thermodynamic principles, a complete accounting of energy and material flow can be traced through an ecosystem. In this way, the environmental and ecological relations are studied through reference to conceptually manageable and isolated material parts. After the effective environmental components	components	NOUN	are	AUX	 are
Each capsule measures about 55 mm (2.2 in) long and 12 mm (0.5 in) across, and contains 20 – 30 ova. Early stage embryos have specialized teeth for opening the capsules, while later stage embryos have their teeth hidden and swallow the capsules	capsules	NOUN	whole	ADJ	 whole
The gleba is initially whitish, and then yellow green, and finally brownish green in older specimens with mature spores. Spores are spherical, hyaline (translucent), and measure 2.5 – 3.4 μm in diameter. They are thick walled with a short pedicel (a	a	DET	tubelike	NOUN	 tubelike
Frank and Cecil learnt to ride at the Manor and it was during these visits to Sleaford that Cecil began his long friendship with Robert Yerburgh, a son of the town's vicar. On Sophia Peacock's death in 1892, Frank Rhodes inherited the Manor House.	.	PUNCT	He	PRON	 He
Nevertheless, the short made Nation and her followers incensed, and Nation found the view of saloons Porter's film offered to be " disturbing ". The film proved to be very successful, inspiring other films about Nation to be produced by other studios; Biograph Company	Company	PROPN	made	VERB	 made
In 1878 the island was declared a Forest Reserve and Captain Richard Armstrong became the first resident government administrator. He encouraged schools, tree planting and the palm trade, dynamited the north passage to the lagoon, and built roads. He also managed to upset the residents	residents	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
The Society was nervous about van Kinsbergen's delay, so they did not grant his request to supply new slides. However, van Kinsbergen's photographs satisfied the Society and he became renowned as " the Society's Photographer ". His work on repairing the system for	for	ADP	managing	VERB	 managing
Finnish soldiers were skilled in cross country skiing. The cold, snow, forest, and long hours of darkness were factors that the Finns could use to their advantage. The Finns dressed in layers, and the ski troopers wore a lightweight white snow cape. This	This	DET	snow	NOUN	 snow
Intentionally transgressive, the Order has been characterised as providing " an aggressive and elitist spirituality ". Religious studies scholar Graham Harvey claimed that the ONA fit the stereotype of the Satanist " better than other groups ", something which he thought was deliberately achieved by embracing "	"	PUNCT	deeply	ADV	 deeply
A major finding of the flyby, announced on March 6, 2003, was of Jupiter's atmospheric circulation. Dark belts alternate with light zones in the atmosphere, and the zones, with their pale clouds, had previously been considered by scientists to be areas of	of	ADP	upwelling	VERB	 upwelling
A trilingual edition of Creangă's original text was published in 2006 as a Humanitas project, with illustrations made for the occasion by graphic artist Ioan Iacob. The book included versions of the text in English (the work of Alistair Ian Blyth) and French (translated	translated	VERB	by	ADP	 by
The last individual was shot in Missour (Algeria) in 1925. Coke's hartebeest is listed as Least Concern. This species has been greatly affected by habitat destruction, and about 42,000 Coke's hartebeest occur today in Mara, Serengeti National Park, and Tarangire National	National	PROPN	Park	PROPN	 Park
Neptunium is a hard metal, having a bulk modulus of 118 GPa, comparable to that of manganese. Neptunium metal is similar to uranium in terms of physical workability. When exposed to air at normal temperatures, it forms a thin oxide layer. This reaction proceeds	proceeds	VERB	more	ADV	 more
In addition to the graves, several buildings stood within the cemetery. A larger rectangular structure with an east west alignment, identified from postholes left in the ground, stood on the east side. It has been interpreted as a chapel or shrine. A smaller grubenhaus	grubenhaus	NOUN	–	PUNCT	 –
This led Gherea to conclude that, copying in real life a Symbolist cliché, Caragiale son fabricated an unfair image of his father. In later years, Mateiu continued to write poetry, published by literary promoter Constantin Banu in his magazine, Flacăra. His father died	died	VERB	in	ADP	 in
The two victories were the start of a winning streak that saw the Hokies complete the regular season without another loss. Following Boston College, they defeated No. 23 NC State in its home stadium, 41 – 30. They defeated nonconference opponent Central Michigan, then	then	ADV	beat	VERB	 beat
More details of the sale were released at the end of July, with the club announcing that they intended to sell 16.7 million shares (approximately 10% of the club) at between $16 and $20 each, raising up to $330 million (£	£	SYM	210	NUM	210
The main reason for this was the high state of readiness of RAF units during daylight. The command depended on radar and the Observer Corps warning them in advance, giving them plenty of time to get airborne. The successful strafing attack by Bf 109s of JG 52	52	NUM	on	ADP	 on
He also claimed that Poe had said, quite poetically, as he prepared to draw his last breath: " The arched heavens encompass me, and God has his decree legibly written upon the frontlets of every created human being, and demons incarnate, their goal will	will	AUX	be	AUX	 be
The Newspaper and Printing Presses Act (" NPPA ") generally imposes curbs on the foreign ownership of newspaper companies, and requires a permit to be obtained for the publication, sale and distribution of newspapers. It also enables the Minister for Communications and Information to restrict	restrict	VERB	the	DET	 the
The assassin was never caught, but Anahita Ratebzad, a Parchamite, believed that Amin had ordered the assassination. Khyber's funeral evolved into a large anti government demonstration. Daoud, who did not understand the significance of the events, began a mass arrest of PDPA	PDPA	PROPN	members	NOUN	 members
Later Islamic traditions attribute the city's founding to Solomon's Jinn. The association of Palmyra with Solomon is a conflation of " Tadmor " and a city built by Solomon in Judea and known as " Tamar " in the Books of Kings (1 Kings 9:	:	SYM	18	NUM	 18
Seven more ships followed Bandoeng that day. They included six more Dutch steamers — Eemland, Gaasterland, Jacatra, Noorderdijk, Zaandijk, and Menado — and the Norwegian steamer Normanna. On another patrol in late April, Hersing caught four more ships: the Norwegian Giskö	Giskö	PROPN	and	CCONJ	 and
In the first of these matches, Lee scored 35 not out at the end of Middlesex's innings, helping his side to avoid the follow on. His " plucky knock " was praised by captain Pelham Warner, who promoted him to bat at number five in	in	ADP	the	DET	 the
Angle was forced to release the hold when Joe grabbed the bottom rope. Joe then applied a Boston Crab, before switching to an STF, which Angle countered into an Ankle Lock. Following the hold being broken, Angle performed his signature Olympic Slam maneuver on Joe	Joe	PROPN	for	ADP	 for
They also wrote the songs as a team, with Bernard responsible for the bulk of the lyrics. The album was recorded in the same spirit, as close to the live sound as a studio album could be ". Powderfinger were active in supporting causes or opposing	opposing	VERB	actions	NOUN	 actions
Mulder is a believer in the paranormal, while the skeptical Scully has been assigned to debunk his work. In this episode, the assassination of a chess grandmaster leads Mulder and Scully into an investigation that they soon discover strikes at the heart of the X Files;	;	PUNCT	they	PRON	 they
Per the regulations for the 2016 season, three practice sessions were held, two 1.5 hour sessions on Friday and another one hour session before qualifying on Saturday. Rain had fallen before the start of the first practice session, rendering the track wet and slippery, and	and	CCONJ	drivers	NOUN	 drivers
Hence, this may be integral to the complex social structure of the species. Contact or social facilitation calls are low pitched sounds that carry long distances. ' Chip ' calls are given by individual birds when foraging, and a similar call is given by nestlings that	that	PRON	call	VERB	 call
The Entombment shows Christ's body, wrapped in a white linen shroud and still wearing a crown of thorns, as it is lowered into a deep stone tomb. He is attended by seven mourners dressed in contemporary clothing. Among the group of mourners standing at Christ	Christ	PROPN	's	PART	's
On 24 January 1839, Darwin was elected a Fellow of the Royal Society (FRS). On 29 January, Darwin and Emma Wedgwood were married at Maer in an Anglican ceremony arranged to suit the Unitarians, then immediately caught the train to London and their new	new	ADJ	home	NOUN	 home
Because of Kaga's perceived limitations, she was given priority over Akagi for modernization. Kaga was relegated to reserve status on 20 October 1933 to begin a second major reconstruction, with an official start date of 25 June 1934. During her second reconstruction Kaga's two	two	NUM	lower	ADJ	 lower
" Carroll went on to comment: " Outrageous Betrayal is a disturbing but fascinating object lesson in the power of charisma divorced from conscience. " Frances Halpern of the Los Angeles Times called the book a " damning biography ". In 1995, Outrageous Betrayal was cited	cited	VERB	in	ADP	 in
She claimed that there were four types of sacrifice performed by the witches: blood sacrifice, in which the neophyte writes their name in blood, the sacrifice of animals, the sacrifice of a non Christian child to procure magical powers, and the sacrifice of the witches	witches	NOUN	'	PART	 '
In February 1987, OPCOM (subsequently Air Command) was restructured into Force Element Groups (FEGs), large functional organisations that supplanted the earlier concept of all powerful air base commands, to which every unit on a base reported. Initially established on a one year	year	NOUN	trial	NOUN	 trial
" The experience of surveying and preparing the site of Fort Stanton would serve the engineers well in the construction of future forts around Washington and in service to the Army of the Potomac. Clearing brush and forest away from the site of Fort Stanton allowed for clear fields	fields	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
Hoysala sculptors made use of the effect of light and shade on carved walls, which poses a challenge for photography of the temples. The artistry of the Hoysalas in stone has been compared to the finesse of an ivory worker or a goldsmith. The abundance of jewellery	jewellery	NOUN	worn	VERB	 worn
The award was first presented to American singer Lisa Lopez, who had a US Billboard Regional Mexican Airplay number one single with " Si Quieres Verme Llorar " (1982). Lopez ' core audience was Mexicans, and she became the first female Tejano singer to appear	appear	VERB	on	ADP	 on
Gale decided that the only way to capture the bridges intact was by a glider coup de main assault. He then asked Brigadier Hugh Kindersley of the 6th Airlanding Brigade to nominate his best company for the operation. ' D ' Company, 2nd (Airborne) Battalion	Battalion	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
Research with chicks showed that they preferred to peck at grains with shadows falling below them (as if illuminated from above), so both humans and birds may make use of shading as a depth cue. A completely different function of animal (and military vehicle)	)	PUNCT	coloration	NOUN	 coloration
Through the 2007 MHSAA season he was the MHSAA All class long jump record holder with a 1991 leap of 24 ft 7 in (7.49 m), his high school 100 meters time (10.59 seconds, 1990) continues to rank third in MHSAA history, and	and	CCONJ	his	PRON	 his
Furthermore, the argument of how well protected machinima is under the guise of parody or satire is still highly debated; a piece of machinima may be reliant upon a protected property, but may not necessarily be making a statement about that property. Therefore, it is	is	AUX	more	ADV	 more
Both of these titles were rejected by Davies as they were too long. Dame Kelly Holmes, who was mentioned in the episode, was considered for the part of the torchbearer, but was committed to Dancing On Ice at the time. Nina Sosanya and Abdul Salis	Salis	PROPN	had	AUX	 had
Due to issues with the script, it was delivered to Allen just one day before shooting. Nine million viewers watched the episode, the second lowest number of viewers for the first season of The Next Generation. Critical reception was mixed, with one reviewer noting that	that	SCONJ	unlike	ADP	 unlike
In addition, the case was weak because the only witness was Marguerite. Indeed, the trial at Argentan was so one sided an affair that Carrouges and his wife did not even bother to attend; Pierre acquitted Le Gris of all charges and furthermore accused Marguerite of	of	ADP	inventing	VERB	 inventing
On February 13, 2008, the single was certified platinum by the Recording Industry Association of America (RIAA) selling 1,000,000 copies. On December 15, 2007, it peaked at number one on the Billboard Hot Dance Club Songs. As of March 2015, "	"	PUNCT	Gimme	PROPN	 Gimme
Five of the paintings in William IV's original set of eight – including The Battle of Alexander at Issus – later passed from the royal collection to the Alte Pinakothek art museum in Munich, Germany, where they remain; the other three are in the National Museum	Museum	PROPN	of	ADP	 of
" Yes, you are quite right. They are totally unconnected. I have spent the best part of my life trying to put these thoughts into the stream that makes decisions, and I've been spectacularly unsuccessful. That, I think, is a reflection on	on	ADP	my	PRON	 my
Ex policeman Richard Hongisto worked for 10 years to change the conservative views of the San Francisco Police Department, and also actively appealed to the gay community, which responded by raising significant funds for his campaign for sheriff. Though Feinstein was unsuccessful, Hongisto's win in	in	ADP	1971	NUM	 1971
Four of these would be mounted inside the hull below the waterline, two at either side of the bow; the others would be above the waterline at the stern, two at either side. The waterline belt of the Lexington class ships tapered 7 – 5 inches	inches	NOUN	(	PUNCT	 (
These plans were scuttled as well when he fell ill at home. A cranial tumor led to the removal of his left eye, and it was not until 1866, months after Confederate forces had disbanded, that Ben Tillman was again healthy. After the war,	,	PUNCT	Ben	PROPN	 Ben
They visit the Giant's Causeway, Blarney Castle, the Guinness brewery and Dublin. After a long night of drinking, Homer and Grampa awaken and discover that they bought the pub from Tom O'Flanagan during the previous night's binge, much to their shock and dismay	dismay	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
Named after Chancellor Otto von Bismarck, the primary force behind the unification of Germany in 1871, the ship was laid down at the Blohm & Voss shipyard in Hamburg in July 1936 and launched in February 1939. Work was completed in August 1940, when she was	was	AUX	commissioned	VERB	 commissioned
In Australia, Glee again attained a new ratings high, watched by 1.27 million viewers, making " Hell O " the 17th most viewed program of the week. The episode received mixed reviews from critics. Lisa Respers France of CNN was pleased with the series '	'	PART	return	NOUN	 return
And maybe he wants you to see that contradiction. After all, hiding his flaws has never been Drake's style – they're the whole point. " Bonsu Thompson of Vibe gave the album a positive review, saying " As a major label artist, Drake	Drake	PROPN	has	VERB	 has
" During her years in the corps, as the only Black woman in the company, Copeland also felt the burden of her ethnicity in many ways and contemplated a variety of career choices. Recognizing that Copeland's isolation and self doubt were standing in the way of	of	ADP	her	PRON	 her
Campbell's Soup, the show's lifelong sponsor, offered two premiums (a ring and a wallet), and distributed thousands to fans. A multi part episode was edited into the feature film Lassie's Great Adventure and released in August 1963. Selected episodes have	have	AUX	been	AUX	 been
Harrison played 12 string acoustic guitar, with support from David Foster on piano, and sparse, floor tom heavy drumming from Jim Keltner. Klaus Voormann, Harrison's regular bass player and a friend since the Beatles ' Hamburg years, chose to not participate in many	many	ADJ	of	ADP	 of
Early recording stars from this era included Swinging Busters, The Gaylords, De Boys an Dem and Los Caballeros, while chorale groups also gained fans, especially Lajenne Etwal, Siflé Montan ' y and the Dominica Folk singers. These early popular musicians were aided by the	the	DET	spread	NOUN	 spread
From 1933 – 1935, she served on the Africa Station as the flagship for the squadron; she was replaced by Amphion. By September 1935, Dorsetshire was assigned to the China Station. From 1 – 4 February 1937, Dorsetshire, the aircraft carrier Hermes and	and	CCONJ	the	DET	 the
Michigan State's men's basketball team has won the National Championship two times: in 1979 and 2000. In 1979, Earvin " Magic " Johnson, along with Greg Kelser, Jay Vincent and Mike Brkovich, carried the MSU team to a 75 – 64 win	win	NOUN	against	ADP	 against
Braithwaite fulfilled his duties well and was twice mentioned in despatches for his work during the August offensive. He took ill the next month and required evacuation for medical treatment. He returned to duty in October and the following month took over temporary command of the New Zealand	Zealand	PROPN	Infantry	PROPN	 Infantry
The alliance ended when Waltman turned on Styles and performed an X Factor off the top of a ladder. Styles requested a match against Waltman on the July 8 episode of Impact!, which he was granted by Larry Zbyszko after making Jerry Lynn the Special Guest Referee	Referee	PROPN	.	PUNCT	.
The bypass was never built, although part of what would have been the bypass north of Haddonfield is now Route 41. Route 44 T was planned in 1938 as an approach to a never built tunnel under the Delaware River near Paulsboro. Originally, the route was	was	AUX	to	PART	 to
In Karachi, he attended the Sindh Madrasa tul Islam and the Christian Missionary Society High School. He gained his matriculation from Bombay University at the high school. In his later years and especially after his death, a large number of stories about the boyhood of Pakistan	Pakistan	PROPN	's	PART	's
After Mary's death in 1968, Burger closed the ranch entirely, and the buildings and grounds were left untended for years. Rübel's heirs regained control of the property after the 1994 Northridge earthquake, which had damaged a number of buildings on the rancho. The	The	DET	Rübel	PROPN	 Rübel
It was not until 1769 that Gaspar de Portolà led the first overland expedition northwards through coastal Southern California — still a largely unexplored part of the Alta California province of New Spain — and gave the river its name. On July 28, the party camped " about	about	ADV	three	NUM	 three
The event's undercard featured different varieties of matches. One match on the undercard was contested for the TNA X Division Championship, in which Petey Williams successfully defended it against A.J. Styles. Also a match that was held under no disqualification rules called a Monster's Ball	Ball	PROPN	match	NOUN	 match
During the winter, the two armies prepared for a major confrontation. Władysław installed a strategic supply depot at Płock in Masovia and had a pontoon bridge constructed and transported north down the Vistula. Meanwhile, both sides unleashed diplomatic offensives. The Knights dispatched letters to the	the	DET	monarchs	NOUN	 monarchs
Linkage to particular forms of HLA, which plays a central role in the immune response, might imply an immune system cause, but it is uncertain whether this directly causes TPP or whether it increases the susceptibility to Graves ' disease, a known autoimmune disease. The	The	DET	most	ADV	 most
The bill proposing the scheme was defeated in Parliament and abandoned in 1995, and the revived scheme authorised by the Crossrail Act 2008 did not include the branches to Aylesbury and Chesham. By this time the little used Central line branch from Epping to Ongar had closed,	,	PUNCT	with	ADP	 with
At the turn of the 19th century, Gateshead was beginning to expand but, save a smattering of industrial elements mainly at Sheriff Hill and at the south shore of the River Tyne, the town and its surrounds were mostly agricultural and most of the town was covered	covered	VERB	by	ADP	 by
He had linked the Red Sea to the river Nile by building a canal which ran from modern Zaqāzīq to modern Suez. To open this canal, he travelled to Egypt in 497 BCE, where the inauguration was carried out with great fanfare and celebration. Darius also	also	ADV	built	VERB	 built
The opening theme uses a sped up drum break sample of " Funky Drummer " performed by Clyde Stubblefield. In August 2008, McCracken revealed on his DeviantArt account, as had been announced in that year's Comic Con, that he was working with Cartoon Network on	on	ADP	a	DET	 a
On August 16, delegations from other strike committees arrived at the shipyard. Delegates (Bogdan Lis, Andrzej Gwiazda and others) together with shipyard strikers agreed to create an Inter Enterprise Strike Committee (Międzyzakładowy Komitet Strajkowy, or MKS). On August 17 a priest	priest	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
From the riders that began this edition, 169 completed the race. The riders came from 34 countries; France, Spain, Italy, Netherlands, Australia, Belgium and Germany all had 10 or more riders in the race. The average age of all the riders	riders	NOUN	was	AUX	 was
When designing the Mercury spacecraft, NASA had considered using a nitrogen / oxygen mixture to reduce the fire risk near launch, but rejected it based on two considerations. First, nitrogen used with the in flight pressure reduction carried the clear risk of decompression sickness (known	known	VERB	as	ADP	 as
Big Joe Williams used the theme for his October 31, 1935, recording of " Baby, Please Don't Go " during his first session for Lester Melrose and Bluebird Records in Chicago. It is an ensemble piece with Williams on vocal and guitar accompanied by Dad	Dad	PROPN	Tracy	PROPN	 Tracy
December (Eugene Lipinski) charges September with assuring that the last memories of Peter are wiped out. Both universes have created a secure airlock like system around the shared room housing the Machine within the bridge. At the start of the episode, the two Olivias (	(	PUNCT	Anna	PROPN	Anna
Aside from a temporary deployment with the Mediterranean Fleet during the Abyssinia Crisis of 1935 – 36, she spent the bulk of the 1930s assigned to the Atlantic Fleet or the North America and West Indies Station. When World War II began in September 1939, the ship	ship	NOUN	was	AUX	 was
In the early 20th century, social housing was built on land previously held by the family who gave away their interests for public benefit including the library at Wells Way in Burgess Park, the girls grammar school at Bricklayers Arms (St Saviour's and St Olave's	's	PART	School	PROPN	 School
And Agnès Spycket reported on a similar necklace on a fragment found in Isin. A creation date at the beginning of the second millennium BCE places the relief into a region and time in which the political situation was unsteady, marked by the waxing and waning influence of	of	ADP	the	DET	 the
He stated that " There is only one way to end inflation: by drastically reducing the rate of increase of the quantity of money... " and that "... cutting government spending is by far and away the most desirable way to reduce the fiscal deficit, because	because	SCONJ	it	PRON	 it
The assault began the following day, during which the 2nd Battalion, established around a position known as the " Pimple ", was attacked by elements of the Ottoman 48th Regiment who poured into their forward positions through " Owen's Gulley ", which rose as a	a	DET	re	NOUN	 re
The breed has a large head, slightly convex profile, and a long, well muscled neck. The withers are well muscled, which often makes them less pronounced, the chest is broad and deep, the shoulders are muscular and sloping, and the croup slightly	slightly	ADV	sloping	VERB	 sloping
Its ability to gather nutrients from the arthropod prey it catches allows it to grow in low nutrient environments where other plants would usually out compete it. As a result, it is often found in disturbed areas or on steep cliffs or hillsides. Since its roots do	do	VERB	little	ADJ	 little
The film was nominated for 12 Filmfare Awards, Including Best Film, Best Director, and Best Actress. The film went on to win five awards making it one of the biggest winners of the year, behind 1942: A Love Story, which won nine Filmfares	Filmfares	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
Lost Frontier: The Marketing of Alaska. New York; W.W. Norton, 1977. Kruse, John A. Fairbanks Community Survey. Fairbanks; Institute of Social and Economic Research, 1976. LaRocca, Joe. Alaska Agonistes: The Age of Petroleum: How Big Oil	Oil	NOUN	Bought	PROPN	 Bought
The House of Lords, therefore, at this moment represents everything in the realm except the Whig oligarchs, their tools the Dissenters, and their masters the Irish priests. In the mean time, the Whigs bawl that there is a " collision! " It is	is	AUX	true	ADJ	 true
A thriving fortress will attract certain mega beasts like hydras, titans or dragons, and randomly generated creatures called " Forgotten Beasts ". These unique creatures have randomized physical qualities and abilities, thus making them have the potential to be very powerful. Undead attack mainly in	in	ADP	evil	ADJ	 evil
When his baby daughter Jessica entered the room and began bouncing around to the melody, Betts attempted to capture her mood with the song. Dudek created the song's bridge when Betts became frustrated with the piece. Dudek was disappointed when he was told he would only	only	ADV	be	AUX	 be
Set mostly in a school at Vendôme, it examines the life and theories of a boy genius fascinated by the Swedish philosopher Emanuel Swedenborg (1688 – 1772). Balzac wrote Louis Lambert during the summer of 1832 while he was staying with friends at the Château de	de	PROPN	Saché	PROPN	 Saché
Some sources even reported up to eight hours of battery life for the 13- and 15 inch MacBook Pros during casual use, while others reported around six hours. Like the 17 inch MacBook Pro, Apple claims that they will last around 1,000 charge cycles while still containing	containing	VERB	80	NUM	 80
Based on Census Bureau data released on February 2011, for the first time in recent history, Texas ' white population is below 50 percent (45 percent) and Hispanics grew to 38 percent. Between 2000 and 2010, the total population growth by 20.6 percent,	,	PUNCT	but	CCONJ	 but
The Tuscany Gian Gastone inherited was in a pitiful state: the army numbered less than 3,000, the royal coffer was empty and Florence was full of beggars. The ramshackle condition of the capital was noted by philosopher Montesquieu five years into Gian Gastone's reign: "	"	PUNCT	There	PRON	 There
" However, despite Elisabeth's sad eyes, she was generally a sweet, happy child who was a peacemaker when her cousins had a dispute. On 6 October 1903, Ernst hosted a large family gathering at Darmstadt for the wedding of his niece, Princess Alice	Alice	PROPN	of	ADP	 of
Waterfall Gully is connected to the major Adelaide thoroughfare Greenhill Road by Waterfall Terrace and Glynburn Road, and cars are the preferred mode of transport in the suburb. According to the Australian Bureau of Statistics 71.9% of residents in the census area employed private vehicles for their	their	PRON	commute	NOUN	 commute
Because of the change in designated values relative to the WHERE clause, from a logic perspective the law of excluded middle is a tautology for CHECK constraints, meaning CHECK (p OR NOT p) always succeeds. Furthermore, assuming Nulls are to be interpreted as existing	existing	ADJ	but	CCONJ	 but
In the 1960s, Hebrew National hotdogs launched a " we answer to a higher authority " campaign to appeal to Jews and non Jews alike. From that point on, " kosher " became a symbol for both quality and value. The kosher market quickly expanded,	,	PUNCT	and	CCONJ	 and
Because of this, Lo kept the song for herself. She said that after co writing " Love Ballad ", she started to write songs " that I felt I needed to get out of me ". Lo eventually self released " Love Ballad " as her	her	PRON	first	ADJ	 first
She was renamed Bari and commissioned into the Regia Marina on 21 January 1924. The 8.8 cm anti aircraft guns were replaced with 76 mm (3.0 in) / 40 guns. On 19 July 1929, she was reclassified as a cruiser. In 1933 – 1934	1934	NUM	,	PUNCT	,
In order to achieve the band's musical goals, Tweedy invited Jim O'Rourke into the studio to mix " I Am Trying to Break Your Heart " (sample), and the results impressed the band members. O'Rourke was then asked to mix the rest of the	the	DET	album	NOUN	 album
Almost 80,000 members of the audience chanted " Shady! " for five minutes until Eminem returned to perform an encore with " Lose Yourself ". Before performing " Not Afraid ", Eminem told the audience, " All jokes aside... Thank you for sticking by me	me	PRON	and	CCONJ	 and
NY 22 comes to an end upon intersecting US 11. The road from the modern day Bronx (then part of Westchester County) through White Plains to Bedford and points north was originally an old Indian path. This path was later used and widened by the first	first	ADJ	European	ADJ	 European
For the bridge hundreds of thousands of components were required and all were manufactured in Birkenhead or in other English factories to Brassey's specifications. These were all stamped and coded, loaded into ships to be taken to Quebec and then by rail to the site of the	the	DET	bridge	NOUN	 bridge
A matted surface; the note paper is made out of pure cotton, which feels crisp and firm, not limp or waxy. Barcodes, A serial number. The €200 banknote is the least used banknote in the Eurozone. As of December 2015, there	there	PRON	are	VERB	 are
Following the conclusion of the war, Kakashi is named by Tsunade as her successor, the Sixth Hokage, with his first act being to pardon Sasuke for his crimes. He holds this title for many years before finally passing it to Naruto, as revealed in the	the	DET	epilogue	NOUN	 epilogue
H.B. 444 was introduced in the Hawaii House of Representatives on January 26, 2009. It passed the Hawaii House Judiciary Committee on February 5, 2009, with 12 members voting in favor and none opposed and was approved by the Hawaii House of Representatives on February 12	12	NUM	,	PUNCT	,
After finishing their feast, Zhou and Yue thank Li once again and leave Tangyin to return home. During their journey, Zhou recommends that Yue run the horse to test its speed. Yue spurs the horse on leaving Zhou in pursuit. When they reach the village	village	NOUN	gate	NOUN	 gate
In November 2010, Axl Rose sued Activision for $20 million for misuse of Guns N ' Roses music and its musicians (specifically Slash) in Guitar Hero III. In the lawsuit, Rose claims that when he learned that a Slash like character and other Velvet	Velvet	PROPN	Revolver	PROPN	 Revolver
On 3 June 1550 he was married to Anne Seymour, eldest daughter of Edward Seymour, 1st Duke of Somerset and former Lord Protector of England. The marriage was a grand affair attended by the twelve year old King Edward at the palace of Sheen. According to	to	ADP	his	PRON	 his
In the afternoon draw, women's team play saw a split of the three available points. Mirjam Ott pushed out to an early lead against Heather Nedohin, and held her lead against a struggling Nedohin to win. Jennifer Jones played a back and forth game with	with	ADP	Eve	PROPN	 Eve
He finished the season with 55 receptions, 867 yards, and 8 touchdowns. He followed that with 53 receptions, 672 yards, and 4 touchdowns in 1988. After failing to miss a game due to injury in his first four seasons, Bavaro struggled with knee	knee	NOUN	injuries	NOUN	 injuries
On 25 August, the Governor Murray constituted a general court martial, presided over by Lt.-Col. Stephen Arthur Goodman. Despite the initial revolt passing largely peacefully with slave masters locked in their homes, those who were considered ringleaders were tried at set up at different estates	estates	NOUN	along	ADP	 along
The media historian Brian McFarlane writes that, on film, Formby portrayed " essentially gormless incompetents, aspiring to various kinds of professional success... and even more improbably to a middle class girlfriend, usually in the clutches of some caddish type with a moustache. Invariably he	he	PRON	scored	VERB	 scored
The actor's inspiration for Olaf's voice was combining the voices of Orson Welles and Béla Lugosi. Emily Browning was cast as Violet Baudelaire when she auditioned at a casting call in Australia. She was sent Handler's original script when Barry Sonnenfeld was planning to direct	direct	VERB	,	PUNCT	,
Older males have greater success in all of these areas than younger males. Some of the males display a more inferior role, termed by many researchers as the silent male status. These silent males adopt a submissive posture, sit near resident males and make no attempt	attempt	NOUN	to	PART	 to
For example, the Trefriw Woollen Mills, originally called the Vale of Conwy Woollen Mill, was built in 1820 on the banks of the Afon Crafnant. Thomas Williams purchased the mill in 1859 and expanded the business. Products from the woollen mills were taken to the	the	DET	coast	NOUN	 coast
With the unification of England and Scotland under a single ruler, the earls of Northumberland had no need for two great castles near the Anglo Scottish border; they maintained Alnwick at the expense of Warkworth. In the first quarter of the 17th century, the keep was	was	AUX	used	VERB	 used
He asks Jagadish to surrender to him or else there would be more terrorist attacks. Jagadish decides to sacrifice his life and devises a plan with his fellow army men. Jagadish meets the leader in a ship, which has been rigged with a bomb planted by Jagadish	Jagadish	PROPN	's	PART	's
Critics of the proposal did not believe that the tunnel would resolve the traffic issues on the northern part of SR 75 or on SR 282. Following this, the Coronado City Council voted to abolish the Tunnel Commission that had been formed to study the issue. Efforts	Efforts	NOUN	were	AUX	 were
In 2006, the country did not have an official FIFA recognised senior a team, a situation unchanged by 2009. In 2005, they competed in a three nation tournament hosted by Mauritius, where all games were 80 minutes in length. They lost to Mauritius 1	1	NUM	–	PUNCT	 –
Would it be possible, without asking permission of Congress, to employ a man like Saint Gaudens to give us a coinage which would have some beauty? " Roosevelt had Mint Director George E. Roberts write to Saint Gaudens, who replied, " I am extremely interested	interested	ADJ	in	ADP	 in
In the Jordan valley in 1918, however, Downes was confronted with an epidemic of malaria and vigorous preventative and prophylactic efforts were required in order to bring it under control. In October 1918, with victory near, Downes was confronted by his most serious medical crisis	crisis	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
The design of the current flag was finalized in 1900 with the addition of the coat of arms in the center of the flag. Before using the yellow, blue and red tricolor, Ecuador used white and blue flags that contained stars for each province of the country	country	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
Harley's achievements at the club were recognised prior to the 2008 AFL season when he was inducted into the Geelong Football Club Hall of Fame. Following the success of 2007, Harley and the club were expected to feature prominently in the 2008 finals series once more.	.	PUNCT	Harley	PROPN	 Harley
Before the show, a question was asked to 100 You Version App users (e.g. " Would you rather fast for 40 days or eat manna for 40 years? "). A question with 3 possible choices was then asked about the percentage of people who answered	answered	VERB	(	PUNCT	 (
The queen was careful not to provoke Rome, claiming for herself and her son the titles held by her husband while guaranteeing the safety of the borders with Persia and pacifying the Tanukhids in Hauran. To protect the borders with Persia, Zenobia fortified different settlements on the	the	DET	Euphrates	PROPN	 Euphrates
This has been restored to its Moorish splendour and now provides an eclectic programme of events from opera to " Black Variety Nights ". A mile to the south is Hoxton Hall an 1863 example of the saloon style. It is unrestored but maintained in its original layout	layout	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
Held annually, the Boat Race is a side by side rowing race between crews from the Universities of Oxford and Cambridge along the River Thames. Cambridge went into the race as reigning champions, having won the previous year's race, and had the significantly heavier crew	crew	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
Outside Europe, it is known as Journey to the Far Side of the Sun, which is now the more popular title. In the film, a joint European NASA mission to investigate a planet in a position parallel to Earth, behind the Sun, ends in	in	ADP	disaster	NOUN	 disaster
The art department created concept sketches to show to Paramount, and at an art director's urging model maker William George submitted another design, based on what he thought the Enterprise would look like if designed by the Japanese. Nimoy picked George's angular and simplified take	take	NOUN	for	ADP	 for
Paltrow initially said about a possible return to Glee in its third season: " No, I don't think so. I don't think I should. Though it's honestly been one of the best jobs I've ever had. " She did later state	state	NOUN	that	SCONJ	 that
Juniors are known as " Serge Butts ", so neither freshmen nor sophomores can say any form of either word (accordingly, words such as " button " must be replaced with roundabout euphemisms, such as " circular fastener "). Juniors are also the first	first	ADJ	class	NOUN	 class
The chain crew system has been used for over 100 years and is considered to be an accurate measure of distance, rarely subject to criticism from either side. Football is a full contact sport, and injuries are relatively common. Most injuries occur during training sessions,	,	PUNCT	particularly	ADV	 particularly
Lucky Costantino). Le Maître Chat, ou le Chat Botté was later published by Barbin in Paris in January 1697 in a collection of tales called Histoires ou contes du temps passé. The collection included " La Belle au bois dormant " (" The Sleeping Beauty	Beauty	PROPN	in	ADP	 in
Exploratory surveys of the local geology were carried out by William Smith, who became known as the " father of English geology ", building on work by John Strachey. Smith worked for the Stracheys who owned Sutton Court, at one of their older mines, the	the	DET	Mearns	PROPN	 Mearns
The Central Maine Cat Club (CMCC) was created in the early 1950s by Alta Smith and Ruby Dyer in attempts to increase the popularity of the Maine Coon. For 11 years, the CMCC held cat shows and hosted exhibitions of photographs of the breed and is	is	AUX	noted	VERB	 noted
In Europe, various chemical means for cooling drinks were created by the 19th century; these typically used sulphuric acid to chill the liquid, but were not capable of producing actual ice. The ice trade began in 1806 as the result of the efforts of Frederic Tudor	Tudor	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
From here, contemporary histories fall silent. In the History of the Decline and Fall of the Roman Empire, Edward Gibbon notes that the disciples of Saint Severinus of Noricum were invited by a " Neapolitan lady " to bring his body to the villa in 488;	;	PUNCT	Gibbon	PROPN	 Gibbon
The following night, after Orton successfully defended the championship against Benoit in a rematch, Evolution threw Orton a mock celebration, only to reveal that they were not pleased with his new victory. While Batista had Orton propped on his shoulders in elation, Triple H gave	gave	VERB	him	PRON	 him
A total of 10,000 people were left homeless across the state. In combination with a cold front, Waldo contributed to major flooding in Kansas that forced many rivers and creeks to overflow their banks. One indirect death was reported and roughly 15 people were evacuated from their	their	PRON	homes	NOUN	 homes
The US 25 designation was removed from I 94, and the routing through Port Huron and northward to Port Austin became part of an extended M 25. One segment of highway near Port Huron became an unsigned highway now designed Connector 25. All exits are unnumbered.	.	PUNCT	There	PRON	 There
Criticism was directed at the game's quick time sequences. Kotaku's Narcisse considered them clunky, and Eurogamer's Matulef found them to be " poorly constructed ". Game Informer's Gwaltney similarly felt them to be " shoehorned " in between dialogue encounters. Kill Screen	Screen	PROPN	's	PART	's
Other common names for this species include Cook's bramble shark and spinous shark. The prickly shark has a flabby and cylindrical body, with the adults markedly bulkier than juveniles, and a short, moderately flattened head. The nostrils are placed far apart and preceded by	by	ADP	small	ADJ	 small
(The song " Live Fast, Diarrhea " by The Vandals is heard, presumably a band he liked as he wore multiple Vandals T shirts) The original concept for the episode was a one line concept card stating " Lightning Boy " that had been tacked to	to	ADP	a	DET	 a
Early in 2013, the European Food Safety Authority issued a declaration that three specific neonicotinoid pesticides pose an acute risk to honey bees, and the European Commission (EC) proposed a two year ban on them. David Goulson, who led one of the key 2012	2012	NUM	studies	NOUN	 studies
Meanwhile, Pam Beesly (Jenna Fischer) anxiously awaits the arrival of her mother, and Michael's obnoxious friend Todd Packer (David Koechner) spends the day in the office. Novak was inspired to write the episode after attending an NBC sexual harassment seminar that the	the	DET	cast	NOUN	 cast
Wesker, in private, informs Slater to keep watch on Isaacs ' actions, and tells Slater that if Issacs disobeys orders, Slater should fire Isaacs. Umbrella triangulates Alice's location based on the signal sent out by her telekinesis abilities. Dr. Isaacs has a crate	crate	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
In Honduras where the tropical depression made landfall, rainfall reached 1.2 m (4 ft) in some areas, although the highest official total there related to the depression was 360 mm (14.19 in) on the offshore Roatán over six days. About 40% of	of	ADP	municipalities	NOUN	 municipalities
Blue's Charmeleon is eventually released from its possession only to be faced down by an Arbok, owned by Koga. Charmeleon tricked Koga by using a zombie Psyduck to deflect Arbok's acid attack before literally slicing the Arbok in half with his tail. Blue later appears	appears	VERB	with	ADP	 with
Gay and AIDS activists accused NBC of pulling the episode out of fear of advertiser backlash, a charge that NBC denied. A network spokesperson also denied that network schedulers were aware of World AIDS Month and, in a perhaps unfortunate choice of phrase, characterized the decision	decision	NOUN	to	PART	 to
Randy Jackson contributed to four tracks on the album, and said it was " the most real and honest record she's made. She didn't care what anyone thought of the lyrics. They were only important to her. " Carey included a cover of Def	Def	PROPN	Leppard	PROPN	 Leppard
It is, however, a one act piece, a genre not regularly staged at most opera houses, and so is infrequently seen. Operabase records four productions of the piece worldwide between 2013 and 2015. Apart from an early experiment in atonalism in his String Quartet	Quartet	PROPN	(	PUNCT	 (
Because Druitt and the other upper middle class and aristocratic Ripper suspects were wealthy, there is more biographical material on them than on the residents of the Whitechapel slums. Consequently, it is easier for writers to construct solutions based on a wealthy culprit rather than one involving	involving	VERB	a	DET	 a
During the 2001 – 02 season, Lapierre made his Quebec Major Junior Hockey League (QMJHL) debut with the Montreal Rocket, appearing in nine games, during which time he scored two goals. Playing in his first full QMJHL season in 2002 – 03, Lapierre	Lapierre	PROPN	scored	VERB	 scored
His second debut for the club came the following day in a 1 – 0 away win over Newport County, and scored his first goal of the 2011 – 12 season came with a header in a 3 – 2 win at Gateshead on 3 March 2012. Barrett	Barrett	PROPN	made	VERB	 made
He has represented his native United States twice internationally, playing in consecutive IIHF World Championships in 1997 and 1998. Brashear is the youngest of three children born to an African American father, Johnny Brashear, and French Canadian mother, Nicole Gauthier, in Bedford, Indiana	Indiana	PROPN	.	PUNCT	.
Such clathrate hydrates can occur naturally under conditions of high pressure, such as in Lake Vostok underneath the Antarctic ice sheet. Clathrate formation can be used to fractionally distill xenon, argon and krypton. Xenon can also form endohedral fullerene compounds, where a xenon atom is	is	AUX	trapped	VERB	 trapped
Overall, he totaled 34 appearances, 15 of which were starts, and recorded an 8 – 6 record in 1142 ⁄ 3 innings pitched. Again eligible for arbitration, this year, he signed a one year, US $3,585,000 pact with Philadelphia. Once again	again	ADV	,	PUNCT	,
[...] There's an art to Python humour and I'm aiming to try and get every single joke just right. " He was succeeded in the role by Sanjeev Bhaskar on 23 June 2008. Dale has also made several film appearances. He appeared as	as	SCONJ	the	DET	 the
The showpiece event was contested between Liverpool of England and Milan of Italy at the Atatürk Stadium in Istanbul, Turkey on 25 May 2005. Liverpool, who had won the competition four times, were appearing in their sixth final, and their first since 1985. Milan	Milan	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
Any team completing the fourth mission in under 15 minutes would receive the entire $80,000 prize, otherwise the prize would be distributed based on 2008 competitor performance most closely approaching the 15 minute mission goal. By 2008, Levels 1 through 3 of the fourth mission had	had	AUX	been	AUX	 been
The song garnered positive response from music critics, many of them highlighting its lyrical content. It was a moderate success, becoming a top ten hit in many countries including Australia, Ireland, Italy, the United Kingdom and the United States, while topping the chart	chart	NOUN	in	ADP	 in
Criticism of the expansion was aimed at its poor camera angles and other technical issues, although the game and updates since Neverwinter Nights 2's release fixed many bugs of the original. IGN criticized the spirit meter mechanic, a statement echoed by GameSpy, who said,	,	PUNCT	"	PUNCT	 "
The 1st Light Division absorbed the 11th Panzer Regiment and was redesignated as the 6th Panzer Division on 18 October 1939. It took 132 Pz. Kpfw. 35 (t) s into the Battle of France where it was assigned to XXXXI Corps (mot.)	)	PUNCT	for	SCONJ	 for
For example, Willie Mays extended his league leading home run total to 49 and Maury Wills raised his record breaking stolen base total from 100 to 104, the most since 1900. Additionally Wills, José Pagán, and Tommy Davis played in 165, 164, and	and	CCONJ	163	NUM	 163
Also, the pressure from the German nationalists resulted in strengthening the Polish national democrats, particularly the Polish National Democratic Party of Roman Dmowski and Wojciech Korfanty. For instance, the Settlement Commission throughout the 27 years of its existence managed to plant about 25,000 German families on	on	ADP	1,240	NUM	 1,240
He also became the only member of the career 500 home run / 500 stolen base club by stealing second base on June 23 off of pitcher Éric Gagné in the 11th inning of a tied ball game against the Los Angeles Dodgers (against whom Bonds had tallied his	his	PRON	500th	ADJ	 500th
Lewis quoted Schulz as having said: " I can still see those five pairs of eyes staring at me every time we lined up... ready to tear me apart ". According to Lewis, all five men piled on Schulz every play, and Schulz held Penn	Penn	PROPN	scoreless	NOUN	 scoreless
Although some ice hockey historians credit Jacques Plante for originating the practice, Lehman was the first goaltender to regularly pass the puck to his fellow forwards and defensemen; he even scored a goal by shooting the puck in the opponent's net while playing for the Professionals.	.	PUNCT	He	PRON	 He
The planet's transit of its primary was announced on 27 April 2011, based on two weeks of nearly continuous photometric monitoring with the MOST space telescope. The transits occur with the period (0.74 days) and phase that had been predicted by Dawson & Fabrycky.	.	PUNCT	This	PRON	 This
These were optional programs which were part of a broader program that included issuing a report card outlining the progress as a state, as required by a law the state legislature passed in 1991. Paulus also supported school to work initiatives for reforming public education while in office	office	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
The core group walked away and Izzie spread the giggles. She laughs at the fact that she has cancer, like this was all some really badly written show. Oh wait, it is. " Kelly West of TV Blend was also critical of the episode,	,	PUNCT	writing	VERB	 writing
The game kicked off in the afternoon; heavy rain showers had fallen the day before, causing a slight delay. The first quarter was scoreless, but Navy scored a touchdown on the first play of the second quarter. Washington answered Navy with a 23 yard touchdown	touchdown	NOUN	run	NOUN	 run
There is a large body of evidence that shows whiting do not rely on visual cues when feeding, instead using a system based on the vibrations emitted by their prey. S. ciliata is a benthic carnivore that feeds predominantly on polychaetes and various crustaceans. Like other species	species	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
Having adopted a pay as you go program for the state, he was forced to raise additional revenue after the war ended. He did so by imposing sin taxes on cigarettes, alcoholic beverages, and parimutuel betting, but he was unable to convince the General Assembly	Assembly	PROPN	to	PART	 to
In this ranking, points were won by reaching the summit of a climb ahead of other cyclists. Each climb was ranked as either first, second or third category, with more points available for higher category climbs. The Cima Coppi, the race's highest point	point	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
At Berlin, Franck attended lectures by Max Planck and Emil Warburg. On 28 July 1904 he saved a pair of children from drowning in the Spree River. For his Doctor of Philosophy (Dir. Phil.) under Warburg's supervision, Warburg suggested that he	he	PRON	study	VERB	 study
The race began on 18 May in Milan with a stage that stretched 388 km (241 mi) to Udine, finishing back in Milan on 5 June after a 277.5 km (172 mi) stage and a total distance covered of 2,987.4 km (1,856 mi)	)	PUNCT	.	PUNCT	.
Mathias also worked to relocate the Frederick post office and helped protect a park in the city. In 1958, he was elected to the Maryland House of Delegates, serving from 1959 to 1960. As a delegate, he voted in favor of Maryland ratifying the Fourteenth	Fourteenth	PROPN	Amendment	PROPN	 Amendment
Fortunately for the Macdonald government, economic conditions improved during the 1930s. In March 1937, Macdonald announced that after 14 years of running operating deficits, the Nova Scotia government had recorded a surplus with another forecast for the next year. The pro Liberal Halifax Chronicle gleefully	gleefully	ADV	described	VERB	 described
Lincoln biographers James G. Randall and Richard Current, according to David Lincove, argue that: It is likely that had he lived, Lincoln would have followed a policy similar to Johnson's, that he would have clashed with congressional Radicals, that he would have produced	produced	VERB	a	DET	 a
When Born read the paper, he recognized the formulation as one which could be transcribed and extended to the systematic language of matrices, which he had learned from his study under Jakob Rosanes at Breslau University. Up until this time, matrices were seldom used by physicists	physicists	NOUN	;	PUNCT	;
" DVD Movie Guide's Colin Jacobson thought " Bart the Murderer " was season three's first " truly great " episode because it " starts off strong and gets even better as it moves. " Even though he thinks Mafia parodies have been overused, Jacobson thought	thought	VERB	this	DET	 this
Westinghouse's acquisition of CBS in 1995 made KDKA TV a CBS owned and operated station. DuMont produced more than 20,000 television episodes during the decade from 1946 to 1956. Because the shows were created prior to the launch of Ampex's electronic videotape recorder in late 1956	1956	NUM	,	PUNCT	,
They include background music, insert themes as well as some opening and ending themes. Symphony SEED -Symphonic Suit Mobile Suit Gundam SEED- is a collaboration album between Mobile Suit Gundam SEED music and the London Symphony Orchestra released on May 8, 2004 containing a total of ten	ten	NUM	tracks	NOUN	 tracks
The FSD F 16s were manufactured by General Dynamics in Texas at United States Air Force Plant 4 in late 1975; the first F 16A rolled out on 20 October 1976 and first flew on 8 December. The initial two seat model achieved its first flight on 8	8	NUM	August	PROPN	 August
The stage [at the Strand] was given a Japanesy air and atmosphere by the management. " The Wrath of the Gods was purported to have attracted 21,000 spectators when Marcus Loew screened it along with a vaudeville bill at the opening of his summertime evening entertainment at	at	ADP	Ebbets	PROPN	 Ebbets
On 20 September 1957 President Sukarno arranged for a private screening of the film at the Presidential Palace in Bogor for the birthday of his wife, Hartini. " Tiga Dara " competitions between groups of three sisters were held in much of Java, and the term became	became	AUX	widely	ADV	 widely
Development was initially fast paced, as the depression acquired tropical storm force winds within six hours of formation and hurricane force by August 23. However, due to some vertical wind shear its intensification rate stalled, and for a time it remained a Category 1 hurricane on	on	ADP	the	DET	 the
In 1742, Labat described the macaw in much the same way as Du Tertre, while adding several details: It is the size of a full grown fowl. The feathers of the head, neck, back and underparts are flame color; the wings are of	of	ADP	a	DET	 a
The typhoon reached its peak strength during this time with estimated winds of 165 km / h (105 mph) and a barometric pressure of 935 mbar (hPa; 27.61 inHg). Featuring multiple intense feeder bands and a well defined 27 km (17 mi)	)	PUNCT	eye	NOUN	 eye
Deputy Minister of Security Celso Gamboa, who was also in attendance, promised to increase security forces in Limón. On June 6, the Legislative Assembly unanimously passed a motion to form a special committee investigating Mora's death. " It is important to acknowledge that the	the	DET	death	NOUN	 death
Conference play began in early January 2013, and concluded in March with the 2013 Big Ten Men's Basketball Tournament at the United Center in Chicago. All conference regular season and tournament games were broadcast nationally. For the 37th consecutive season, the conference led the nation	nation	NOUN	in	ADP	 in
During their return, aircraft from the two adversaries passed each other in the air, resulting in more air to air altercations. Kanno's and Takahashi's aircraft were shot down, killing both of them. The strike forces, with many damaged aircraft, reached and	and	CCONJ	landed	VERB	 landed
The main storyline was instead pitched by former staff writer Ron Hauge, while Richard Appel, who also was a staff writer, had pitched the episode's subplot for a long time. The episode satirizes educational establishments, and features a parody of the video game Crash	Crash	PROPN	Bandicoot	PROPN	 Bandicoot
I ’ m rooting for Lexie. She ’ s my kind of girl and I hope that she gets what she deserves: love. And more kisses. There should always be that. " Lexie's most significant relationship was with Mark Sloan. Following her death	death	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
For that to happen, the myxamoebae assume a round shape and secrete a thin cell wall. In this state they can easily survive one year or longer. If living conditions improve, they become active again. If two cells of the same type meet in this	this	DET	phase	NOUN	 phase
Inland, the heavy rains caused some rivers in Orissa to overflow and flooded rice paddies in Cuttack District. Further west, the Wainganga River overflowed its banks in places. Road transport in Madhya Pradesh was disrupted and there was damage to crops in the Raipur area.	.	PUNCT	Raipur	PROPN	 Raipur
Instead they ended up casting Alison Brie, known from her role as Trudy Campbell on Mad Men. The premise of Community was based on Harmon's real life experiences. In an attempt to save his relationship with his then girlfriend, he once enrolled in Glendale Community	Community	PROPN	College	PROPN	 College
If a fatty acid contains a double bond, there is the possibility of either a cis or trans geometric isomerism, which significantly affects the molecule's configuration. Cis double bonds cause the fatty acid chain to bend, an effect that is compounded with more double bonds	bonds	NOUN	in	ADP	 in
The following year, his opera Sadko was produced at the Paris Opéra and The Snow Maiden at the Opéra Comique. He also had the opportunity to hear more recent music by European composers. He hissed unabashedly when he heard Richard Strauss's opera Salome, and told	told	VERB	Diaghilev	PROPN	 Diaghilev
It was her fourth marriage, and she had had four children. After judicious self experiments, Shulgin enlisted a small group of friends with whom he regularly tested his creations, starting in 1960. They developed a systematic way of ranking the effects of the various drugs	drugs	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
The cave is notable for the depth of its cultural deposits, extending over 28 feet (8.5 m) in depth, and in particular for the continuity of those deposits. The deposits have been classified into 38 occupation levels that represent at least seasonal use of the	the	DET	site	NOUN	 site
In a 4 – 1 win against Rochester the next day, Grubauer blocked 35 shots, marking his personal high in the American Hockey League and the third time this season he held an opponent to one goal in regulation. The Bears defeated Binghamton 5 – 4 in	in	ADP	a	DET	 a
When reading with Bell, Dohring acted the whole scene as if he had raped her, and tried to give the character an evil and fun feel. At the time of Dohring's audition for Logan, the character was only going to be a guest star in	in	ADP	the	DET	 the
Randy, in a moment of desperation, reveals knowledge of a murder to the assistant principal, leading to his being interrogated by police. Proposition Joe engineers a conflict between Omar Little and Marlo to convince Marlo to join the New Day Co Op. After Omar robs	robs	PROPN	Marlo	PROPN	 Marlo
The film also nominated for an International Emmy for Best TV Movie / Miniseries. Sheen later reunited with Morgan, Frears, and producer Christine Langan in 2006 to reprise his role as Blair in The Queen, which depicts the aftermath of the death of Princess Diana on	on	ADP	31	NUM	 31
After the Aaron Echolls trial, he is interviewed by press and cheering fans. Veronica tells Keith (Enrico Colantoni) that the Manning father has offered $20,000 for the capture of Woody. Veronica talks to Wallace (Percy Daggs III) about Jackie (Tessa Thompson	Thompson	PROPN	)	PUNCT	)
Publishers Weekly's Sybil Steinberg called it a " powerful first novel " and a " genuinely eye opening tale ". She praised Bowen for " striving to inhabit the wild psyche of Marta with a minimum of anthropomorphic sentimentality, " and felt the author conveyed " both	both	CCONJ	a	DET	 a
A review of DDT's impact on Australian raptors between 1947 and 1993 found that the average egg shell thickness had decreased by 6%. This average level of thinning was not thought likely to result in significantly more breakage overall, however individual clutches that had been even	even	ADV	thinner	ADJ	 thinner
During the late 1980s office building boom in the West Market Street area of Center City, businesses left the Fidelity Building for newer office space. As a result, the building's owners filed for Chapter 11 bankruptcy protection in 1992. That same year, the Fidelity	Fidelity	PROPN	Building	PROPN	 Building
Because the flanks lack entirely dark cover hairs, they are slightly lighter than the rest of the upperparts. They are sharply separated in color from the underparts, which are entirely white to buffish. The mystacial vibrissae (whiskers above the mouth) are long, up	up	ADP	to	PART	 to
Neurath later said that " neither [producer] had much involvement " in the game, and that, following the second's departure, the team spent time without any producer at all. Rumors circulated that Origin planned to cancel the project. Following a proposal by	by	ADP	the	DET	 the
Records of the last eight species had been considered only outside their " normal " British range (e.g. crested tits outside Scotland, and red kites outside Wales). The second was in 1982, when ten further species were removed: Cory's shearwater, purple heron	heron	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
The two sides managed to avoid their arbitration hearing by signing a two year, $3.7 million deal on July 27, 2010. After staying healthy through the first three months of the 2010 – 11 season, Brulé suffered continued injury problems for the rest of the	the	DET	campaign	NOUN	 campaign
As Henry, Smith portrayed an aspiring artist who left school to take care of his mother. To prepare for the role, the cast interviewed alcoholics and their families. Smith discussed his character's relationship with his mother in an interview with the Evening Standard. The	The	DET	thing	NOUN	 thing
A group of armed men opened fire on Sánchez Chávez when he left the vehicle to make a phone call. Gorrostieta Salazar ran to protect her husband and was shot as well. Sánchez Chávez died that day from three gunshot wounds, but Gorrostieta Salazar survived because the	the	DET	gunmen	NOUN	 gunmen
' " A photograph by George Washington Wilson taken about 1886 shows a " view of the men and women of St Kilda on the beach dividing up the catch of Fulmar ". James Fisher, author of The Fulmar (1952) calculated that every person on St	St	PROPN	Kilda	PROPN	 Kilda
She had a full load displacement of 14,218 metric tons (13,993 long tons) and was equipped with coal fired triple expansion engines that produced a rated 15,781 indicated horsepower (11,768 kW) and gave her a top speed of 18 knots (33 km / h;	;	PUNCT	21	NUM	 21
Stone said although " Mr. Hankey, the Christmas Poo " has become less shocking with time, viewers at the time of the episode's original broadcast were shocked, and some were horrified, at the idea of a living and speaking Christmas stool. " Mr. Hankey	Hankey	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
To prevent civil war the Scottish magnates asked Edward I of England to arbitrate, for which he extracted legal recognition that the realm of Scotland was held as a feudal dependency to the throne of England before choosing John Balliol, the man with the strongest claim, who	who	PRON	became	VERB	 became
It was exclusively released in the United Kingdom for the Commodore 64, ZX Spectrum and Amstrad CPC in 1987. It is the eleventh instalment of the Strategic Wargames series. The game is set during the 1941 Siege of Tobruk of the Western Desert Campaign in World War	War	PROPN	II	PROPN	 II
Boys Don't Cry was nominated for multiple awards; at the 72nd Academy Awards in 2000, Swank was awarded the Academy Award for Best Actress and Sevigny was nominated for Best Supporting Actress. The pair were also nominated at the 57th Golden Globe Awards, with Swank	Swank	PROPN	winning	VERB	 winning
From the time of the Great Depression until the formation of the New Zealand Rabbit Board in 1954, rabbits became a major pest in the area, and rabbiters were employed to keep the creatures under control. The trapping of rabbits and auctioning of their skins in Dunedin	Dunedin	PROPN	became	VERB	 became
For the image by means of which, each time, each opens a world and precedes himself in it (s ' y prédède) is not pregiven (donnée toute faite) (as are those of dreams, phantasms or bad films): it is to be	be	AUX	invented	VERB	 invented
On 12 April 1969 the nose was airlifted by an Aero Spacelines Guppy from Heathrow to Santa Barbara to support the modification. References that the nose from G ARWE was used to repair a damaged TWA 707 are incorrect. G ARWE's nose was too fire damaged for	for	ADP	use	NOUN	 use
Planets with low eccentricities have more circular orbits, whereas planets with high eccentricities have more elliptical orbits. The planets in the Solar System have very low eccentricities, and thus nearly circular orbits. Comets and Kuiper belt objects (as well as several extrasolar planets) have	have	VERB	very	ADV	 very
A well documented explosive eruption in the Garibaldi Belt with such force is the eruption of Mount Meager 2,350 years ago, which deposed ash as far east as Alberta. This would endanger air traffic and would have to take another route away from the eruptive zone. Every	Every	DET	airport	NOUN	 airport
It was possible to reset the length of day and night in order to account for the changing lengths of day and night throughout the year. This clock also featured a number of automata including falcons and musicians who automatically played music when moved by levers operated by a	a	DET	hidden	ADJ	 hidden
These straight line features were later explained as optical illusions, though geological evidence gathered by uncrewed missions suggests that Mars once had large scale water coverage on its surface at an earlier stage of its existence. In 2005, radar data revealed the presence of large quantities of	of	ADP	water	NOUN	 water
Soon after May 16 he was dismissed from all his offices and the control of the capital passed into the hands of followers of Mao. Chen Boda was selected by Chairman Mao to head the newly formed " Cultural Revolution Group ", which would report to the Politburo	Politburo	PROPN	Standing	PROPN	 Standing
The recordings were later mixed by Jaycen Joshua with assistance by Trehy Harris. Musically, " Bassline " is a dubstep, electropop and electrohop song, that incorporates elements of reggae. The song lasts for three minutes and 58 seconds. Instrumentation consists of a wobble bass	bass	NOUN	and	CCONJ	 and
Dibnah had had little contact with his daughters in the years since his divorce from Alison. In 1997 he met author David Hall. Hall had been raised in the Bradford district of Manchester and the two swapped tales of growing up in the latter half of the 20th	20th	ADJ	century	NOUN	 century
Cotton top tamarins display high levels of parental investment during infant care. Males, particularly those that are paternal, show a greater involvement in caregiving than do females. Despite this, both male and female infants prefer contact and proximity to their mothers over their fathers.	.	PUNCT	Males	NOUN	 Males
The Bayan class marked a departure from the previous Russian armored cruisers, as they were smaller ships designed to serve as scouts for the fleet rather than as commerce raiders. Authorized in the 1896 – 1902 building program, the design was outsourced to a French shipyard,	,	PUNCT	Forges	PROPN	 Forges
The following year's scheduled race was cancelled due to lack of funding, and the failure to secure sponsorship for the event. In September 2011, the Detroit City Council approved plans for the race to be held on the weekend of June 1 – 3, 2012	2012	NUM	.	PUNCT	.
The Khazars, on their part, only launched a few raids into the Transcaucasian principalities that were loosely under Muslim dominion: in 661 / 662, they launched a raid into Albania but were defeated by the local prince; in 683 or 685 (also a time	time	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
In 1807, he published an arrangement for two violins, viola, and cello / piano for 12 of Bach's organ fugues. The next year, he met Samuel Wesley, with whom he would collaborate in editing, arranging, and publishing the first ever complete	complete	ADJ	edition	NOUN	 edition
He later said, " I sang exactly what I heard in my head, starting with the melody and the keyboard and the strings and everything. So, I just orally put it all on tape. " Jones also asked Jackson to add a rap verse.	.	PUNCT	The	DET	 The
Stallings signed Flick to the Phillies to serve as a reserve outfielder for the team in the 1898 season. Starting outfielder Sam Thompson injured his back after six games, forcing Stallings to play Flick. In his debut game, Flick went 2 for 3 with two singles	singles	NOUN	against	ADP	 against
The oldest bell as of 2010, is the 840 millimetre (33 in) 360 kilogram (790 lb) number four bell of 1796 by Joseph Eayre; the newest are of 1951 by John Taylor & Co of Loughborough. This set of six bells are rung	rung	VERB	from	ADP	 from
He signed Rizzuto for $75 a month and sent him to the Yankees ' farm club in Bassett, Virginia. Krichell's next target was second baseman Snuffy Stirnweiss from the University of North Carolina. He initially tried to convince him to bypass football for baseball,	,	PUNCT	but	CCONJ	 but
It was derived from familiar traditions from the colonists ’ home countries in the British Isles and particularly England. Many agricultural items came through trade with England and the West Indies. Certain familiar items grew better in the Old World than others, and this led to a	a	DET	dependence	NOUN	 dependence
He even forbade Caroline to attend his coronation and asked the government to introduce the unpopular Pains and Penalties Bill in a desperate, unsuccessful attempt to divorce her. For most of George's regency and reign, Lord Liverpool controlled the government as Prime Minister, with little	little	ADJ	help	NOUN	 help
It promotes and publicises the memorial, through planning and staging events, so as to raise its profile and increase public engagement and knowledge about it. The Friends also support the work of those who wish to research the history of the memorial or to undertake events related	related	VERB	to	ADP	 to
KCTV Channel 5 (CBS) broadcasts most Chiefs regular season games, with exceptions as following. KCTV also broadcasts all Chiefs pre season games. WDAF Channel 4 (Fox) broadcasts games in which the Chiefs host an NFC opponent. KSHB Channel 41 (NBC)	)	PUNCT	broadcasts	VERB	 broadcasts
As described by Paul Schrader, " Robert Aldrich's teasing direction carries noir to its sleaziest and most perversely erotic. Hammer overturns the underworld in search of the ' great whatsit ' [which] turns out to be — joke of jokes — an exploding atomic bomb	bomb	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
The African Burial Ground National Monument at Duane Street preserves a site containing the remains of over 400 Africans buried during the 17th and 18th centuries. The remains were found in 1991 during the construction of the Foley Square Federal Office Building. Manhattan is the economic engine of	of	ADP	New	PROPN	 New
For instance, he quarrelled with his old associate C. H. Workman, over the firing of Nancy McIntosh from the production of Fallen Fairies, and with actress Henrietta Hodson. He also saw his friendship with theatre critic Clement Scott turn bitter. However, Gilbert could be	be	AUX	extraordinarily	ADV	 extraordinarily
The Supreme Court decision in United States v. U.S. District Court (1972) left open the possibility for a foreign intelligence surveillance exception to the warrant clause. Three United States Courts of Appeals have recognized a foreign intelligence surveillance exception to the warrant clause, but tied it	it	PRON	to	ADP	 to
Every Ottoman infantry division in Palestine repeated this reorganisation, with one quarter of their rifle strength being replaced by light machine guns, considerably increasing their fire power and strengthening their offensive and defensive capabilities. Following orders from von Kressenstein commanding the Gaza to Beersheba line defences,	,	PUNCT	assault	NOUN	 assault
Gregory, however, also says that he thinks that Ingoberg was seventy years old in 589; and this would make her about forty when she married Charibert. This is possible, but seems unlikely, especially as Charibert seems to have had a preference for younger women	women	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
The primary rainband extending southward from the circulation of Florence dropped moderate rainfall across the Yucatán Peninsula and through southern Mexico. Rainfall amounts peaked at 10.79 inches (274 mm) in San Baltazar Loxicha, Guerrero, with 10.67 inches (271 mm) reported in southeastern Chiapas	Chiapas	PROPN	and	CCONJ	 and
It further says and that during the time of Vipassī Buddha, Koṇḍañña was a householder named Mahakala who offered the Buddha the first fruits of his field in their nine stages of production. The Mahavastu gives another account explaining the origin of Koṇḍañña's vow to attain arahanthood	arahanthood	NOUN	in	ADP	 in
At the time Boston was chartered as a city, the population was about 46,226, while the area of the city was only 4.7 square miles (12 km2). In the 1820s, Boston's population grew rapidly, and the city's ethnic composition changed dramatically	dramatically	ADV	with	ADP	 with
Like the country as a whole, the assumption of white racial superiority was almost universal among those on all sides of the issue, and it was common for congregations to have separate seating for black members. After the Civil War, black Christians who had been worshiping	worshiping	VERB	in	ADP	 in
A reflecting recitative for bass, Ach, Jesu, ist dein Abschied (Ah, Jesus, is Your departure), shows the situation of the disciples afraid that Jesus will leave them soon. Marked " Rec: col accomp. " (Recitative: with accomp	accomp	NOUN	[	X	 [
She renamed it Ben Lomond as a tip of the hat to the romantic Walter Scott works she had read, and delegated management of the household to her mother Nancy. During his second term as representative from San Augustine, Houston was elected in 1841 to once again	again	ADV	serve	VERB	 serve
Unlike her sister, North Dakota remained off the American coast for the duration of the United States ' involvement in World War I. Hugh Rodman, the commander of the American expeditionary force, specifically requested that North Dakota be kept stateside; he felt her turbine engines were	were	AUX	too	ADV	 too
Although the carrier Zuikaku escaped the battle undamaged, she had lost almost half her air group, and was in port in Kure awaiting replacement planes and pilots. That there were none immediately available is attributable to the failure of the IJN crew training program, which already	already	ADV	showed	VERB	 showed
W.Nr 0870542. Also airframe conversion from B 1 to D 1. First flown on 1 March 1941. Ju 87 V 24 Stammkennzeichen of BK + EE. W.Nr 0870544. Also airframe conversion from B 1 to D 1 / D 4. First flown on 1	1	NUM	March	PROPN	 March
Hitchcock offended the locals by refusing to stay at the village inn, and when he was taken ill with altitude sickness, he blamed the sickness on his reaction to the guttural sound of their accents. The film was initially screened for the producers in October 1926,	,	PUNCT	but	CCONJ	 but
Displacement could rise by no more than 3,000 long tons (3,000 t) and no alterations of any kind could be made to the main battery guns or mounts. The primary areas that could be improved were those that concerned defense against aerial and underwater attack, along	along	ADP	with	ADP	 with
[...] There was a fun, engaging story, great guest stars poking fun at themselves, flashbacks, songs, cutaways and opportunities to highlight characters outside the series ' namesake family. " In January 2010, Michael Moran of The Times ranked the episode as	as	ADP	the	DET	 the
In the event, Bradley exited the soap by falling to his death from the roof of The Queen Victoria public house during the live episode. Immediately after filming, Clements stated that he was " drained ", referring to his character's death as " a big	big	ADJ	way	NOUN	 way
He decided to invade and occupy Midway Atoll, which he was sure would draw out the American carriers to defend it. The Japanese codenamed the Midway invasion Operation MI. Unknown to the Japanese, the US Navy had divined the Japanese plan by breaking its JN 25	25	NUM	code	NOUN	 code
Following the 2012 Presidential elections the new government recognized Hezbollah as a " real political and military force " in Lebanon. The Egyptian ambassador to Lebanon, Ashraf Hamdy, stated that " Resistance in the sense of defending Lebanese territory... That's their primary role. We	We	PRON	...	PUNCT	...
On the front of the flag is the Belarusian coat of arms, with the wording УЗБРОЕНЫЯ СІЛЫ (" Armed Forces ") arched over it, and РЭСПУБЛІКІ БЕЛАРУСЬ (" of Republic of Belarus ") written below; the text of both is in gold.	.	PUNCT	On	ADP	 On
Then, at the selected moment t, the rate of rotation of the co rotating frame Ω is made to match the rate of rotation of the particle about this axis, dϕ / dt. Next, the terms in the acceleration in the inertial frame are related	related	VERB	to	ADP	 to
Friday reported back for pre season training in bad condition, and although Hurley claimed that Friday was trying hard to regain fitness, the forward was having trouble with his asthma, had lost some of his pace and was obviously unfit. Although his performances during August quickly	quickly	ADV	improved	VERB	 improved
A previous prototype with a trackball was put up for sale on eBay, where it passed the mark of $600; four days later, a pre launch list of then upcoming smartphones for AT & T surfaced online on August 9, 2009, which listed the	the	DET	device	NOUN	 device
Following the end of the war in November 1918, Kaiser Wilhelm II was stricken from the navy list and sold for scrap in the early 1920s. Her bow ornament is preserved at the Military History Museum of the Bundeswehr in Dresden. Kaiser Wilhelm II was 125.3 m	m	NOUN	(	PUNCT	 (
The trio were planning on launching a weekly magazine for children. Leblanc, who had fond childhood memories of Tintin in the Land of the Soviets, thought Hergé would be ideal for it. Hergé agreed, and Leblanc obtained clearance papers for him, allowing him to	to	PART	work	VERB	 work
In 2003, they finished second in their pool behind the All Blacks, and faced England in their quarter final. They lost to England, the eventual champions, 28 – 17. Wales conceded 17 penalties, and their lack of discipline proved costly. In the	the	DET	2007	NUM	 2007
House sparrows in constant dim light can also be entrained to a daily cycle based on the presence of food. Finally, house sparrows in constant darkness can be entrained to a cycle of high and low temperature, but only if the difference between the two temperatures is	is	AUX	large	ADJ	 large
Proctor's Theater, ten years later on Fourth Street, continued the tradition. Other architects chose the era's simpler styles, like Arts and Crafts, as a contrast. The marble and brick 1905 YMCA building on Second Street, and the six story Caldwell Apartments	Apartments	PROPN	at	ADP	 at
In a news conference Brown announced that Byron Brown III took the senior Brown's car without permission and drove about the area near his house and Canisius College campus. Brown III admitted to the damage and was charged with driving without a driver's license and leaving the	the	DET	scenes	NOUN	 scenes
One sold in 2004, graded MS 66 (the finest example of this date known) for $718,750. Approximately forty 1933 eagles are known to have survived. Proof coins were struck from 1907 until 1915, all at Philadelphia. Not all quantities are known,	,	PUNCT	but	CCONJ	 but
Lichtenstein referred to the period as his " American " series, and it was generally negatively received by critics. Lichtenstein also began experimenting in abstract expressionism, using the technique on several of his western painting designs. These were poorly received, however, being compared by	by	ADP	one	NUM	 one
Generally, people have fewer than 36 repeated glutamines in the polyQ region which results in production of the cytoplasmic protein Huntingtin. However, a sequence of 36 or more glutamines results in the production of a protein which has different characteristics. This altered form, called mutant	mutant	ADJ	huntingtin	ADJ	 huntingtin
Ulisse goes to seek out his loyal servant Eumete, while Minerva departs to search for Telemaco, Ulisse's son who will help his father reclaim the kingdom. Back at the palace, Melanto tries vainly to persuade Penelope to choose one of the suitors: " Why	Why	SCONJ	do	AUX	 do
This was the lowest score in a final in World Cup history. After the final, the All Black coach Graham Henry stated " He can hardly walk and how he played today I just don't know, " and he acknowledged the All Blacks probably would not	not	PART	have	AUX	 have
Beyoncé contacted American singer songwriter Sean Garrett, who had worked with her in Destiny's Child and on her 2006 single " Check on It ". Together with Pharrell, who had also previously collaborated with Beyoncé, Garrett was booked to Sony Music Studios in New York	York	PROPN	City	PROPN	 City
The Void then became sealed in a dimensional cleft between the two worlds. Nearly a thousand years passed without incident, and both worlds prospered due to the powers of their Crystals of Wind, Water, Fire, and Earth. New kingdoms and towns flourished, and	and	CCONJ	travel	NOUN	 travel
In 1999, LKAB bought SJ's and NSB's share in MTAB. The first two sections were delivered by Adtranz in August 2000, and was subjected to intensive tests before the manufacture of the rest of the series. Commissioning concluded in December 2000, the locomotive	locomotive	NOUN	started	VERB	 started
New Directions is the first group to compete, and Mercedes arrives just in time to go onstage with the group, healthy again thanks to Sue. The Troubletones lead off with " The Edge of Glory ". Rachel then performs " It's All Coming Back to	to	ADP	Me	PRON	 Me
Bus service is currently the only mode of public transit available to the public in London, with no ground light rail or rapid transit networks like those used in other Canadian cities. London does have several taxi and for hire limousine services. Recently, London has constructed	constructed	VERB	cycleways	NOUN	 cycleways
After learning his trade with Aberdeen in the early 1980s, he spent most of his playing career at Norwich City, the club with which he came to be most closely associated. This was followed by a brief spell back in Scotland with Hibernian before his retirement as	as	ADP	a	DET	 a
The neighbourhood police station allegedly had prior knowledge of or approved the kidnappings. On 6 April, Abdul Aziz established a sharia court in parallel with Pakistan's federal judicial system and pledged thousands of suicide attacks if the government attempted to close it. Students continued to occupy	occupy	VERB	the	DET	 the
1932 – 33 saw the return of Cy Denneny to Ottawa as coach. He would last only the one season. In June 1933, former captain Harvey Pulford was given an option to buy the team and move it to Baltimore, but the option was never exercised	exercised	VERB	.	PUNCT	.
Chapter 3. Obliterative shading. Following the artist and amateur naturalist Abbott Handerson Thayer, Cott explains countershading with diagrams, photographs of models and examples of real animals. He shows how helpful it would be for military camouflage with drawings of gun barrels. Chapter 4.	.	PUNCT	Disruptive	ADJ	 Disruptive
Farm incomes have been in decline over the years and, as well as being a European Objective I area, in 2001 Ceredigion was designated a regional " Tourist growth area " by the Wales Tourist Board. There is little industry other than farming, so tourism plays	plays	VERB	an	DET	 an
Seven months later, Juniper acquired WANDL, and its technology was integrated into the NorthStar WAN controller Juniper announced in February 2014. In February 2011, Juniper introduced QFabric, a proprietary protocol methodology for transferring data over a network using a single network layer. Several individual	individual	ADJ	products	NOUN	 products
Andy and Angela play Mad Libs, a phrasal template word game where one player prompts another for a list of words to substitute for blanks in a story, usually with funny results. Ryan chides Jim for being a fan of the Philadelphia Eagles, a professional American	American	ADJ	football	NOUN	 football
Such isolated tracks were not available through the new 2009 remasters, so the team started with the original master recordings. The development team was able to bring Giles Martin aboard as the game's music producer. Martin had recently completed co production on the 2006 Love project	project	NOUN	with	ADP	 with
Alternative Dundee United's home ground throughout their history has been Tannadice Park, located on Tannadice Street in the Clepington area of the city. It is situated a mere 170 yards (160 m) away from Dens Park, home of rivals Dundee; The club has	has	AUX	only	ADV	 only
During the 1920s, a commitment to refurbish Yavuz as the centerpiece of the new country's fleet was the only constant element of the various naval policies which were put forward. The battlecruiser remained in İzmit until 1926, in a neglected state: only two of her	her	PRON	boilers	NOUN	 boilers
Following this defeat and the defection of one of his sub units to Drljević, Đurišić was induced to negotiate directly with the leaders of the NDH forces about the further movement of his Chetniks towards Slovenia. However, this appears to have been a trap, as he	he	PRON	was	AUX	 was
Both Hopkins and Ward had already predicted that independence would only come with war. To his associates in congress Hopkins said, " Powder and ball will decide this question. The gun and bayonet alone will finish the contest in which we are engaged, and any of	of	ADP	you	PRON	 you
There are the remains of two round or semi circular towers projecting from the wall. Enough of one tower survives that one can see the use of Roman tiles in the construction, probably from the fort of Navio 2 mi (3 km) away. It is	is	AUX	uncertain	ADJ	 uncertain
There are typically four parathyroid glands. The two parathyroid glands on each side which are positioned higher are called the superior parathyroid glands, while the lower two are called the inferior parathyroid glands. Healthy parathyroid glands generally weigh about 30 mg in men and 35 mg in	in	ADP	women	NOUN	 women
Electric stop actions can be controlled at the console by stop knobs, by pivoted tilting tablets, or rocker tabs. These are simple switches, like wall switches for room lights. Some may include electromagnets for setting or resetting when combinations are selected. The most modern	modern	ADJ	actions	NOUN	 actions
Victoria took a close interest in the details of how Windsor Castle was run, including the minutiae of the social events. Few visitors found these occasions comfortable, both due to the design of the castle and the excessive royal formality. Prince Albert died in the Blue	Blue	PROPN	Room	PROPN	 Room
Higher up the mountain, in the area that is now moorland, the valleys become U shaped and shallower with flatter bottoms. These were created by glaciation. When Mount Kenya was active there was some satellite activity. The north eastern side of the mountain has many	many	ADJ	old	ADJ	 old
In each origin story, the player is introduced to Duncan, the commander of Ferelden's Grey Wardens, who is trying to find recruits to join the order. At the end of the origin story, the player's character is selected as a potential Grey Warden	Warden	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
Since human arrival almost half of the country's vertebrate species have become extinct, including at least fifty one birds, three frogs, three lizards, one freshwater fish, and one bat. Others are endangered or have had their range severely reduced. However, New	New	PROPN	Zealand	PROPN	 Zealand
As such, Mulder expresses hope that those who die in a cruel fashion " live on in some other way ". Furthermore, she argues that because " Closure " opens with the tagline " Believe to understand ", Mulder must " take the leap of faith	faith	NOUN	"	PUNCT	 "
The ships could carry 2,350 tonnes (2,310 long tons) of coal and 400 tonnes (390 long tons) of oil, and their original endurance was 10,000 nautical miles (12,000 mi; 19,000 km) when traveling at 10 knots (12 mph; 19 km	km	NOUN	/	SYM	 /
Several houses were completely destroyed, with many others receiving moderate to severe damage. The winds destroyed most of the roof of the courthouse, and uprooted trees across the region; fallen tree limbs damaged a stone bridge in Norfolk. The hurricane produced a strong storm surge	surge	NOUN	along	ADP	 along
Their presence has decreased in recent years due to successful security provided by the Philippine government. At 1.1 percent of GDP, the Philippines spent less on its military forces than the regional average. As of 2014 Malaysia and Thailand were estimated to spend 1.5%, China	China	PROPN	2.1	NUM	 2.1
On January 30, 2008 it was announced that Rogers and Larry Tanenbaum, chairman of MLSE, had reached an agreement with the Buffalo Bills to host an annual regular season and three exhibition NFL games over five seasons at Toronto's Rogers Centre beginning in 2008, with	with	SCONJ	the	DET	 the
Go Toba and his officials sent several letters to him, strongly urging him to come, and Teika eventually gave in, arriving with only two waka. The headnote to the two poems reads: " Having been summoned to the palace for a poetry gathering on the	the	DET	thirteenth	ADJ	 thirteenth
MIT offers a comprehensive doctoral program with degrees in the humanities, social sciences, and STEM fields as well as professional degrees. The Institute offers graduate programs leading to academic degrees such as the Master of Science (MS), various Engineer's Degrees, Doctor of	of	ADP	Philosophy	PROPN	 Philosophy
Shay went to spring training with the St. Louis Cardinals before the 1904 season. He impressed the team, prompting speculation that shortstop Dave Brain would move to third base and third baseman Jimmy Burke would serve as a utility infielder. Shay played 99 games for the Cardinals	Cardinals	PROPN	in	ADP	 in
The religious edifices of the Rudston Monolith, Beverley Minster and Beverley Friary, and Howden Minster can be visited at all seasons. The sails of Skidby Windmill can be seen providing the power to grind flour on certain days, and natural sites provide interest at Spurn,	,	PUNCT	Bempton	PROPN	 Bempton
Game Informer's Andrew Reiner wrote that P.N.03's setting, animations and protagonist give it an " undeniable allure " of freshness and originality. However, he disliked the game's control system and wrote that " blowing away robots gets old rather quickly ". Reiner called	called	VERB	P.N.03	PROPN	 P.N.03
Umbrella promotes a fake story about a nuclear power plant explosion near the city with ease, the infection is characterized as a hoax, and the media announces that Jill and Carlos are wanted by the police for questioning. Three weeks later, in Umbrella's research facility	facility	NOUN	in	ADP	 in
The US supported Vietnam Air Force was in fact using it as their primary aircraft by 1965. These aircraft had directly replaced aging F8F Bearcats in 1962 and the decision was made in 1964 to transition to the type from the then standard T 28 Trojans. As a	a	DET	result	NOUN	 result
This included a petition from influential people in the US; Senator W. Warren Barbour presented it to the German ambassador. Although his captors refused to release him, Wodehouse was provided with a typewriter and, to pass the time, he wrote Money in the Bank.	.	PUNCT	Throughout	ADP	 Throughout
" Corliss found Dalton " misused " in the film, adding that " for every plausible reason, he looks as bored in his second Bond film as Sean Connery did in his sixth. " Opinion on Licence to Kill has not changed with the passing of time	time	NOUN	and	CCONJ	 and
Cupul and Chinkinchel are known to have been mutually hostile, and to have engaged in wars to control the salt beds of the north coast. Tases was a small landlocked province south of Chikinchel. Ecab was a large province in the east. Uaymil was in the	the	DET	southeast	NOUN	 southeast
In 1714, Queen Anne was succeeded by her second cousin, and Sophia's son, George I, Elector of Hanover, who consolidated his position by defeating Jacobite rebellions in 1715 and 1719. The new monarch was less active in government than many of his British	British	ADJ	predecessors	NOUN	 predecessors
Another interesting habit of males of this and other fairywren species during the reproductive season is to pluck petals (in this species, predominantly pink and purple ones which contrast with their plumage) and show them to female fairywrens. Petals often form part of a courtship display	display	NOUN	and	CCONJ	 and
The song earned Ghoshal second of her two Filmfare nominations of the year. In early 2013, Ghoshal sang the female version of Sunn Raha Hai in Aashiqui 2 composed by Ankit Tiwari and written by Sandeep Nath. She garnered critical praise over Ankit Tiwari who sang the	the	DET	male	ADJ	 male
After a fourth down stop, Cleveland's offense took over with 26 seconds remaining, but failed to gain yardage as time expired. With the win, the Steelers increased their win streak over the Browns to 10 consecutive games — the longest current winning streak over a	a	DET	single	ADJ	 single
Guitar Hero and Rock Band (Xbox 360, PlayStation 3, Wii), music game franchises which used specially designed controllers that mimicked musical instruments and allowed uses to play a large selection of licensed music, were extremely popular during the seventh generation, with over twenty	twenty	NUM	different	ADJ	 different
Hebel was interested in botany, natural history and other subjects. His literary work began with Allemannische Gedichte, which is perhaps the most popular work written in Alemannic. He had success with his calendar stories in the Badischer Landkalender, and later with Rheinländischer Hausfreund (Rhenish	Rhenish	ADJ	family	NOUN	 family
This resulted in some preliminary casting disagreements between the creators and producers, especially for leading characters. Nick Stahl had the strongest consensus among the producers to portray the leading man and hero of the series with a youthful, innocent and anti hero quality. The character of	of	ADP	Sofie	PROPN	 Sofie
They also organized a tune out of the show on November 5, 1999. To appease them at least in part, Burke offered Nader his job back on a recurring basis, which he refused. In 2000, All My Children rehired him on a contract basis	basis	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
The link up was not smooth, as a friendly fire incident occurred, resulting in casualties. The combined HV and HVO force penetrated VRS defences by up to 30 kilometres (19 miles) capturing 2,500 square kilometres (970 square miles), and demonstrating the improved	improved	ADJ	skill	NOUN	 skill
This work occupied all but 250 of St. Leger's white men, with the actual encirclement of the fort dominated by Indians. On August 5, St. Leger received word from Joseph Brant's sister Molly that an American relief column was marching up the Mohawk valley.	.	PUNCT	The	DET	 The
In keeping with the show's animation style, Kyle is composed of simple geometrical shapes. He is not offered the same free range of motion associated with hand drawn characters; his character is generally shown from only one angle, and his movements are animated in an	an	DET	intentionally	ADV	 intentionally
Lead artist Lee Musgrave admitted: " There are elements of Star Wars in there, Aliens, Dune, Battle of the Planets, even Stargate – it was a real mix of everything and anything ' space ' related. " At one time, the game's	's	PART	protagonists	NOUN	 protagonists
The film received a Peabody Award in April 2006 and a Columbia duPont Award in January 2007. The accompanying soundtrack featured unreleased songs from Dylan's early career. Dylan earned yet another distinction in a 2007 study of US legal opinions and briefs that found his lyrics were	were	AUX	quoted	VERB	 quoted
By the 20th century the landscape was covered with over 50 cotton mills. Industries ancillary to these sectors, including coal mining, brick making, mechanical engineering, and bleaching and dyeing were present. Chadderton developed an extensive coal mining sector auxiliary to Chadderton's cotton industry	industry	NOUN	and	CCONJ	 and
Lemen succeeded in helping to establish an anti slavery Baptist church that drew many members. Jefferson sent Lemen to the Indiana territory again in 1807 with the mission to seek out and organize the anti slavery men of the state and encourage them to take action. Several prominent	prominent	ADJ	men	NOUN	 men
Temper deals with a sensitive story and yet conveyed it with all the commercial elements that are needed for a film to click. " IndiaGlitz too gave 3.25 out of 5 stars and summarised " All in all, this one has emotion plus action, the former is	is	AUX	the	DET	 the
But, again, what Shankly did not understand was that his relations with the board had often been acrimonious with several resignation threats and a statement made by Shankly that: " At a football club, there's a holy trinity – the players, the manager and	and	CCONJ	the	DET	 the
Two ships were started but none were completed due to World War II. These ships had a complex and prolonged design process which was hampered by constantly changing requirements and the Great Purge in 1937. They were laid down in 1939, with an estimated completion date in	in	ADP	1944	NUM	 1944
They carried out experiments on uranium using ordinary water, but had found that the hydrogen atoms absorbed neutrons, thus preventing the desired chain reaction. Heavy water though, was an ideal moderator. The Office of Scientific Research and Development (OSRD) put Hugh S. Taylor	Taylor	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
Knowles also performed the song as a tribute to Michael Jackson during the 2009 BET Awards. Mikkel Storleer Eriksen and Tor Erik Hermansen, together under the stage name Stargate, wrote and produced the song with additional writing by Amanda Ghost, Ian Dench and Makeba Riddick.	.	PUNCT	The	DET	 The
Mariah Carey fared well in other worldwide territories, reaching the top ten in the Netherlands, Australia, New Zealand, Norway, Sweden and United Kingdom. Worldwide, the album has sold more than 15 million copies. Five singles were released from the album, four	four	NUM	of	ADP	 of
Its reviewer found the in game Xbox One button prompts to be " delightful anachronisms ". Ars Technica's reviewer commended Rare's choice to the Nintendo 64 version of Conker's Bad Fur Day over its updated yet censored Xbox re release. Initial reviews found Jet Force	Force	PROPN	Gemini	PROPN	 Gemini
There had been no reelected Republican majority since 1928. Part of the reason we got reelected... is our base thought we were serious. And they thought we were serious because when it came to a show down, we didn't flinch. " In a 2011	2011	NUM	op	NOUN	 op
The campus is home to annual events including the Dance Marathon a student organized philanthropy event, Winterfest, and Buckeye Boys State. The movement for a public high learning institution in northwestern Ohio began in the late 1800s as part of the growth in public institutions during the	the	DET	Progressive	PROPN	 Progressive
An important application of digit extraction algorithms is to validate new claims of record π computations: After a new record is claimed, the decimal result is converted to hexadecimal, and then a digit extraction algorithm is used to calculate several random hexadecimal digits near the end;	;	PUNCT	if	SCONJ	 if
In his writings, Ljotić portrayed Jews as being responsible for the advent of liberal democracy, Freemasonry and Communism, and, as such, enemies of both Zbor and the Yugoslav state. Ljotić advocated " liquidating the influence of Masons, Jews, and every other spiritual	spiritual	ADJ	progeny	NOUN	 progeny
The final decision was unanimous. Warren drafted the basic opinion and kept circulating and revising it until he had an opinion endorsed by all the members of the Court. Reporters who observed the court holding were surprised by two facts. First, the court made a unanimous	unanimous	ADJ	decision	NOUN	 decision
The victory ensured Liverpool won the tie 4 – 2 on aggregate to progress to the fourth round. Liverpool's opposition in the fourth round were Italian side Roma. The first leg was held at Roma's home ground the Stadio Olimpico, where Liverpool had won the	the	DET	European	PROPN	 European
Potter and Quarshie are the only regular Holby City cast members who appear in the episode. Discussing Ric's motivations in " Tuesday's Child ", Quarshie explained that his character was born there, and was " always meant to return at some point ", leading	leading	VERB	to	ADP	 to
In his negative review of And Still I Rise, Stepto expresses disbelief that Angelou's poems would be produced by a major publishing house while poetry written by other lesser known talents could not. He explains her popularity as a poet with her autobiographies, which he calls	calls	VERB	"	PUNCT	 "
This material is shocked by the explosion and becomes more luminous than a standard supernova. It is likely that there is a range of luminosities for these type IIn supernovae with only the brightest qualifying as a hypernova. Pair instability supernovae occur when an oxygen core in an	an	DET	extremely	ADV	 extremely
The match was attended by a record crowd of approximately 15,000. Four years later, the southern stand (demolished in 2004) was completed. In the 1970s another stand was added, capable of holding 650 spectators and incorporating sales kiosks and committee rooms. Up to	to	ADP	1999	NUM	 1999
Writer Darren Swimmer questioned Lex's motives from earlier seasons: " You have to ask yourself, in the words of Lex Luthor himself: Why would some billionaire want to be bailing out this girl and buying her a coffee house to begin with? What's that	that	PRON	all	ADV	 all
This left a prodigious quantity of uranium as a waste product, since it takes three tonnes of uranium to extract one gram of radium. This waste product was diverted to the glazing industry, making uranium glazes very inexpensive and abundant. Besides the pottery glazes, uranium	uranium	NOUN	tile	NOUN	 tile
At the same time, a feud with the Neville family was developing, particularly with Richard Neville, Earl of Salisbury. This feud became entangled with the conflict between the Duke of York and the Duke of Somerset over control of national government. The conflict culminated in	in	ADP	the	DET	 the
The IOC also determines the Olympic program, consisting of the sports to be contested at the Games. There are several Olympic rituals and symbols, such as the Olympic flag and torch, as well as the opening and closing ceremonies. Over 13,000 athletes compete at the	the	DET	Summer	PROPN	 Summer
Fearing his original version was " too dark ", Paramount and DreamWorks conducted test screenings. The film was then re edited over family friendliness concerns. Given its December release, the film's marketing campaign was criticized for being a deliberately anti holiday comedy with taglines like	like	ADP	,	PUNCT	,
This provided the Navy with enough ships to form two full battle squadrons of eight ships each. The fleet was then renamed the Hochseeflotte (High Seas Fleet). Wittelsbach served in the I Division until 20 September 1910. The ship was then decommissioned and placed in	in	ADP	reserve	NOUN	 reserve
Despite its privileges and sizeable landed estates, from the late 14th century the abbey began to suffer financially and was forced to lease out its estates. The worsening financial situation was exacerbated throughout the 15th century and early 16th century by a series of incompetent, corrupt and	and	CCONJ	extravagant	ADJ	 extravagant
Nordöstlicher Sängerbund: The 49th Sängerfest was in Lancaster, Pennsylvania in 2006. The 50th Sängerfest, hosted by the Washington Sängerbund, took place on the 2009 Memorial Day Weekend in Washington, D.C. The 51st Sängerfest, hosted by the Lehigh Sängerbund, took place in June	June	PROPN	2012	NUM	 2012
It was reported that, in many cases, Libyan soldiers had been killed while fleeing to avoid battle. At Ouadi Doum, panicked Libyans had suffered high casualties running through their own minefields. The fall of Ouadi Doum was a severe setback for Libya. Deserted by	by	ADP	most	ADJ	 most
The Termination Act stated that all federal statutes dealing with the tribe were no longer in force, but Douglas noted that it was silent with regard to treaties. The act did not specifically address the hunting and fishing rights, and Douglas stated that the U.S. Supreme Court	Court	PROPN	would	AUX	 would
The movie also screened at the Pusan International Film Festival, Tokyo International Film Festival, the Jakarta International Film Festival and the 2005 Singapore Season cultural exhibition in London. Over 50,000 VCDs of I Not Stupid were sold and its sole distributor, VideoVan, declared it the	the	DET	"	PUNCT	 "
Morrison describes the LSO of the 1960s and 1970s as " a rambunctious boys ' club that swaggered round the globe. " Before the 1970s one of the few women to play in the orchestra was the oboist Evelyn Rothwell, who joined in the 1930s and found herself	herself	PRON	regarded	VERB	 regarded
Another reference comes after Brian is freed, he drinks from a drinking fountain in a defiant manner, a reference to the 1974 television movie, The Autobiography of Miss Jane Pittman. Other media references include the Griffins watching the TV show Eight is Enough and Peter writing	writing	VERB	a	DET	 a
The propellant was provided in a brass cartridge, and both the breech mechanism and the mounting were suitable for rapid aiming and reloading. The role of the secondary battery was to damage the less well armoured parts of an enemy battleship; while unable to penetrate the main	main	ADJ	armour	NOUN	 armour
In 1973, Eastwood directed his first western, High Plains Drifter, in which he also starred. The film had a moral and supernatural theme, later emulated in Pale Rider. The plot follows a mysterious stranger (Eastwood) who arrives in a brooding Western town	town	NOUN	where	SCONJ	 where
The divorce action would fail if the citizen's intervention showed that the Simpsons had colluded by, for example, conniving in or staging the appearance of his adultery so that she could marry someone else. On Monday 7 December 1936, the King heard that Goddard planned	planned	VERB	to	PART	 to
Asides from Cutler and Jeffery, Jon Bostic, defensive tackle Brandon Dunn, Tayo Fabuluje, Hroniss Grasu and linebacker Willie Young were inactive. The Seahawks won the coin toss and kicked off. Before the Bears ' first offensive play, they were penalized for delay of	of	ADP	game	NOUN	 game
Truman and Cooper arrive to speak with Packard, who had employed Palmer as an English tutor. Packard admits to sensing that Palmer was troubled but can not help further; Cooper picks up on the fact that Truman has been having a relationship with Packard. Catherine calls	calls	VERB	Packard	PROPN	 Packard
" " It's All Coming Back to Me Now " is an elaborate production, in which Meat Loaf is being haunted by the memory of his dead lover. Told in flashback, Raven's character crashes her car to avoid a man standing in the road.	.	PUNCT	She	PRON	 She
Shiva is also regarded as the patron god of yoga, meditation, and arts. The main iconographical attributes of Shiva are the third eye on his forehead, the snake Vasuki around his neck, the adorning crescent moon, the holy river Ganga flowing from his matted	matted	ADJ	hair	NOUN	 hair
They divorced in 1947, then remarried in 1950. Parker moved back to New York in 1952, living at the Volney residential hotel at 23 East 74th Street on the Upper East Side. From 1957 to 1962, she wrote book reviews for Esquire, though these	these	DET	pieces	NOUN	 pieces
Similar questions were raised regarding the sexual orientation of unmarried nominee Elena Kagan. However, no evidence was ever produced regarding Souter's sexual orientation, and Kagan's apparent heterosexuality was attested by colleagues familiar with her dating history. When the Supreme Court was established in 1789	1789	NUM	,	PUNCT	,
Boulton spent much time in London lobbying for a contract to strike British coins, but in June 1790 the Pitt Government postponed a decision on recoinage indefinitely. Meanwhile, the Soho Mint struck coins for the East India Company, Sierra Leone and Russia, while producing high	high	ADJ	quality	NOUN	 quality
In the UK, " Commander " was planned for a June 28, 2010 release. Love and Rowland would later unveil plans for an urban mix of the song with a slower, smoother sound. American rapper Nelly heard the new version in its early stages and	and	CCONJ	asked	VERB	 asked
They were both accepted into the band on 16 June 1969, replacing singer Rod Evans and bassist Nic Simper respectively. The old line up of Deep Purple continued to do several concerts until the end of the month, whereupon Evans and Simper were both fired by managers	managers	NOUN	Tony	PROPN	 Tony
The bank officially commenced operations on 1 January 1882. It took its name from the Girdap neighbourhood of Ruse where the constituent assembly was held. The capital of Girdap at the time of its foundation amounted to 1,380 Bulgarian gold leva, though by the end of 1882	1882	NUM	it	PRON	 it
Woodfull then added consecutive fifties in draws against the MCC and Surrey. After consecutive innings wins of Oxford University and Hampshire, Woodfull completed his Test preparation by striking 216 in an innings win over Cambridge University. Heading into the Tests, Woodfull had amassed 662 runs at	at	ADP	66.20	NUM	 66.20
She was renamed to Hetman Ivan Mazepa on 17 September 1918 and formally handed over to the Ukrainian State's Navy. Upon the end of the World War I and withdrawal of the Armed Forces of Central powers, she fell into the hands of the Whites under the	the	DET	support	NOUN	 support
Her scene — she touches Ackles ' forehead — took nine takes to film because she kept missing. Filming for " What Is and What Should Never Be " was interrupted in order to accommodate the busy Adrianne Palicki. Production shifted to the following episode after five days	days	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
This revealed that over a twelve month period the face had lost 536 m3 (18,900 cu ft) of rock. The project concluded that the high rockfall rate on the Tour Ronde and elsewhere in the massif was linked to the degradation of permafrost. This would formerly	formerly	ADV	have	AUX	 have
The film was given a limited release in theaters on October 28, 2011. It earned $123,140 on its opening weekend with a per theater average of $30,785 from four theaters. Its widest release was 162 theaters, and it closed on January 12, 2012	2012	NUM	after	ADP	 after
" The path is a very strong template. But we're going to take every interesting detour we feel like taking. As long as were staying on the path of what Robert has done, I don't see any reason not to. If they have patience	patience	NOUN	we	PRON	 we
Principal photography was initially scheduled to take place in Arkansas; however, Louisiana was ultimately preferred for its generous statewide tax incentives and unique landscape. " The Long Bright Dark " was shot entirely in 35 mm film and filming for the season lasted for 100 consecutive days	days	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
However, continued delays and Catherine's death during childbirth put an end to the project, and James took the Lone Wanderer as a newborn to raise them in the safety of Vault 101. After investigating the Jefferson Memorial, the Lone Wanderer tracks James to Vault 112	112	NUM	,	PUNCT	,
Epilepsy begins each year in 40 – 70 per 100,000 in developed countries and 80 – 140 per 100,000 in developing countries. Poverty is a risk and includes both being from a poor country and being poor relative to others within one's country. In the developed world	world	NOUN	epilepsy	NOUN	 epilepsy
In the Poetic Edda poem Grímnismál, the god Odin (disguised as Grímnir) provides the young Agnarr with information about Odin's companions. He tells the prince about Odin's wolves Geri and Freki, and, in the next stanza of the poem, states that	that	SCONJ	Huginn	PROPN	 Huginn
" Jeff Evans, author of The Penguin TV Companion, argues that the series ' 50 minute format allows for stronger character development and " tension building ". O'Brien is less positive in his appraisal of the writing, asserting that the plots are often " formulaic "	"	PUNCT	and	CCONJ	 and
Its overall condition was deemed " basically intolerable requiring high priority of corrective action "; the 2006 NBI estimated the cost to improve the bridge at $463,000. Today the Forksville Covered Bridge is heavily used, as it is the most direct and shortest route from PA	PA	PROPN	154	NUM	 154
Francis finishes Deal's sentences, joking that her response to hearing of the teacher's activities was to try to join the team. Albini later observed the use of studio banter on Surfer Rosa: " It's on their record forever so I think now they are	are	AUX	obliged	VERB	 obliged
His ruthlessness was demonstrated by his massacre of 2,600 prisoners in Acre. He obtained victories during the Third Crusade, but failed to capture Jerusalem. According to Steven Runciman Richard was " a bad son, a bad husband and a bad king ". Jonathan Riley Smith	Smith	PROPN	described	VERB	 described
In a way (the album) is really a book of stories you can tell your kids at bedtime [...] sexuality explained to children [...] Madonna has always thought that children should be better informed in that aspect ". The album's opening track	track	NOUN	is	AUX	 is
Evans fell meekly, prodding a ball straight to Hassett at silly mid on, prompting O'Reilly to deem Loxton " lucky to be on deck when the English tail were falling over themselves in their nervous speed to commit hara kiri ". In contrast, Laker edged Loxton	Loxton	PROPN	down	ADP	 down
Located around 500 parsecs distant, it is one of the nearest massive regions of star formation, but as the molecular cloud obscures the HII region, rendering it and its embedded cluster tough to see visibly, it is not as well studied as others. The embedded	embedded	VERB	cluster	NOUN	 cluster
A field study of a large city dump on the outskirts of León in northwestern Spain showed that western jackdaws forage there in the early morning and at dusk, and engage in some degree of kleptoparasitism. The saker falcon (Falco cherrug) has been reported stealing food	food	NOUN	from	ADP	 from
The breastwork was also 14 inches thick, although the curved portions at the end of the breastwork were Hughes compound armor because very thick plates could not be bent easily. The compound armor consisted of two 7 inch (178 mm) plates separated by a layer of	of	ADP	teak	NOUN	 teak
The highway continues northwest to Bridgeport at the southern terminus of SR 173 and crossing the Columbia River on the 1,108.80 foot long (337.96 m) Columbia River Bridge (also named the Bridgeport Bridge) downstream from the Chief Joseph Dam. The steel continuous riveted deck truss	truss	PROPN	bridge	PROPN	 bridge
In 1996, the U.S. Government passed the Iran and Libya Sanctions Act (ILSA) which prohibits U.S. (and non U.S.) companies from investing and trading with Iran in amounts of more than $20 million annually. Since 2000 exceptions to this restriction have been made	made	VERB	for	ADP	 for
Boulton was a key member of the Lunar Society, a group of Birmingham area men prominent in the arts, sciences, and theology. Members included Watt, Erasmus Darwin, Josiah Wedgwood and Joseph Priestley. The Society met each month near the full moon. Members	Members	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
Following the example of several of his stage colleagues, Gielgud joined tours of military camps. He gave recitals of prose and poetry, and acted in a triple bill of short plays, including two from Coward's Tonight at 8.30, but he found at first that	that	SCONJ	less	ADJ	 less
" Before continuing with the storyline, the show's producers consulted with the Gay & Lesbian Alliance Against Defamation to ensure they maintained realism throughout. Trish Doolan, star of April's Shower was invited to consult in the workshop sessions which took place, and surmised that	that	PRON	;	PUNCT	;
They had reached Greenhithe by 1: 30 pm at the ebb of the tide, where they anchored overnight. They resumed the journey at 8: 30 am the following day, passing Woolwich and then Greenwich at noon. They reached Limehouse Reach shortly afterwards and brought	brought	VERB	her	PRON	 her
Some dismiss the paradox, while others worry that it may be self defeating to pursue sustainability by increasing energy efficiency. Environmental economists have proposed that efficiency gains be coupled with conservation policies that keep the cost of use the same (or higher) to avoid the Jevons	Jevons	PROPN	paradox	NOUN	 paradox
Next, Bret Michaels performed the national anthem, and gave the command for drivers to start their engines. During the pace laps, Sam Hornish had to move to the rear of the grid because of changing to his backup car. Kasey Kahne retained his pole position	position	NOUN	lead	VERB	 lead
Brünnhilde sings: " What you desire I will give you: from my ashes take it to yourselves. The fire... will cleanse the curse from the ring ". She exhorts the Rhinemaidens to " carefully guard it " in the future, then leaps into the	the	DET	flames	NOUN	 flames
The class was the earliest large scale use of the 2 6 4 wheel arrangement in Britain. Production began towards the end of the First World War, and the prototype rolled out of Ashford Works three years after design work was completed due to wartime production constraints.	.	PUNCT	The	DET	 The
The respite did not last long, however, for only ten days after the landing at Anzac Cove, the 2nd Brigade was transferred to Cape Helles in order to take part in an attack on Krithia on 8 May 1915. The attack was a very costly failure	failure	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
" One could understand ", he wrote, " and forgive foreigners for calling borscht or varenyky Russian national dishes, but when it turns out that they gleaned the information from Soviet cookbooks or from restaurant menus, one is embarrassed for our authors and chefs, who	who	PRON	popularize	VERB	 popularize
The episode was considered the biggest the producers have done for series at the time. According to Joe Flanigan (John Sheppard), the episode would start a new direction for Atlantis. Jason Van Horn of IGN rated the episode an " impressive " 8.2 out of	of	ADP	a	DET	 a
The Dominican Republic held its first islandwide championship tournament in 1912. Professional baseball tournaments and leagues began to form in other countries between the world wars, including the Netherlands (formed in 1922), Australia (1934), Japan (1936), Mexico (1937	1937	NUM	)	PUNCT	)
The nominees were Mark Tildesley (Production Designer), Suttirat Anne Larlarb (Production Designer) and Danny Boyle (Art Director). Nominated Outstanding Picture Editing for Short Form Segments and Variety Specials. Sascha Dhillon (Editor) was nominated for the " Happy and Glorious	Glorious	ADJ	"	PUNCT	 "
He was offered his old position at AMP back, having been on full time leave with pay while serving overseas, but was unhappy with this. He was eventually offered a position in the Commonwealth Bank in Sydney and he moved there with his family. Later,	,	PUNCT	he	PRON	 he
GPUs remain Folding @ home's most powerful platform in terms of FLOPS; as of November 2012 GPU clients account for 87% of the entire project's x86 FLOPS throughput. Native support for Nvidia and AMD graphics cards under Linux was introduced with FahCore 17, which	which	PRON	uses	VERB	 uses
There, he met and befriended the real Sergeant Seymour Skinner, who became his mentor and helped him find meaning in his troubled life. Seymour told Armin that his dream was to become an elementary school principal after the war. Later, Seymour was declared missing and	and	CCONJ	presumed	VERB	 presumed
The film was a critical and commercial success, grossing over $527 million worldwide. While performing on Lake Springfield, rock band Green Day is killed when the lake's pollution dissolves their barge, following an audience revolt after frontman Billie Joe Armstrong proposes an environmental discussion	discussion	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
Shortly after UDI, 46 academics working at University College, a racially non segregated institution, in Rhodesia wrote to The Times in London, denouncing the move. Officers of the British South Africa Police visited many of those who had signed to search their houses. Shortly	Shortly	ADV	afterwards	ADV	 afterwards
During the three years (1967 – 69) that this playoff structure was in effect, there was one use of the tie breaker system. In 1967, the Los Angeles Rams and Baltimore Colts ended the season tied at 11 – 1 – 2 for the lead	lead	NOUN	in	ADP	 in
The inconsistency may be due to variations in diagnostic criteria, with some cases of severe astigmatism interpreted as those of keratoconus, and vice versa. A long term study found a mean incidence rate of 2.0 new cases per 100,000 population per year. Some studies have suggested	suggested	VERB	a	DET	 a
For the sake of our country and ourselves, this must be stopped and the drift to narrow racialism checked. Political equality should be accorded to all who live here and make this country their home, irrespective of their racial origin. " Soon after, UMNO backbencher	backbencher	NOUN	Mahathir	PROPN	 Mahathir
He was admitted to practice law in the county court in 1782. Following Virginia's creation of Kentucky County in 1783, he was admitted to the bar of the district court of Harrodsburg and served as clerk from 1785 to 1792. In 1783, he became one	one	NUM	of	ADP	 of
" Speaking about his start at the post race press conference, Hamilton explained that his car suffered from a lot of wheelspin, which made him get off the line slowly. Meanwhile, third placed Felipe Massa told the press that his team had " managed to get	get	VERB	the	DET	 the
Moreover, they do not freeze well. French regional cuisines use locally grown vegetables, such as pomme de terre (potato), blé (wheat), haricots verts (a type of French green bean), carotte (carrot), poireau (leek)	)	PUNCT	,	PUNCT	,
Early in the marriage her family faced serious financial difficulties, and later, while they were living in Colorado, faced the near death of their youngest daughter. The Branches became supporters of 2012 presidential candidate Herman Cain after performing at several events where he was a keynote	keynote	ADJ	speaker	NOUN	 speaker
He soon sent letters to Pope Innocent, informing him of Bohemond's cooperation with the Muslim rulers. Leo again invaded Antioch in 1202, but Aimery, King of Jerusalem and Cyprus, and the papal legate, Cardinal Soffredo, mediated a truce. After Bohemond IV	IV	PROPN	refused	VERB	 refused
Conant obtained a PhD in Chemistry from Harvard in 1916. During World War I he served in the U.S. Army, working on the development of poison gases. He became an assistant professor of chemistry at Harvard in 1919, and the Sheldon Emery Professor of Organic Chemistry	Chemistry	PROPN	in	ADP	 in
German ships and gun positions were once again strafed by the fighters, but no significant damage was inflicted. Heavy anti aircraft gunfire from Tirpitz, which was directed by a party of observers stationed on a mountain near Kaafjord, shot down a Corsair and a Firefly.	.	PUNCT	Following	VERB	 Following
Cortez measured a pressure of 980 mb (28.94 inHg) as the calm eye of the hurricane passed overhead. The storm deteriorated into a tropical storm as it proceeded inland, and further into an extratropical cyclone with gale force winds on October 9. Its remnants emerged	emerged	VERB	from	ADP	 from
A number of baseball authors have ascribed racism to Landis, who they say actively perpetuated baseball's color line. James Bankes, in The Pittsburgh Crawfords, tracing the history of that Negro League team, states that Landis, whom the author suggests was a Southerner,	,	PUNCT	made	VERB	 made
On May 28, it was released in Australia, Canada, France, Japan, Italy, Germany, Spain, Switzerland and the United Kingdom. The device received primarily positive reviews from various technology blogs and publications. Reviewers praised the device for its wide range of	of	ADP	capabilities	NOUN	 capabilities
He was released on May 3, 2015. Ross has been a streaky player throughout his career. He described this in 2006: " I have gotten in grooves before, and you try to stay in it as long as you can until it ends. And	And	CCONJ	it	PRON	 it
. Critics made note of the song's indirect manner, which according to them contains references to Lopez's ex boyfriends and husbands, such as Sean Combs and Ben Affleck. Following the release of Love?, it was revealed that Lopez's first husband, Ojani	Ojani	PROPN	Noa	PROPN	 Noa
Coggins taught art classes at the Wyomissing Institute of the Arts from 1957 until 2001, despite being handicapped by the loss of his left eye due to infection after an operation. Coggins was a signature member and Master Pastelist of the Pastel Society of America, a Fellow	Fellow	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
The A6 M Zeros and D3As from the sisters attacked and sank the destroyer. The next day, they found the small seaplane tender, McFarland, in Lunga Roads offloading avgas into barges. Nine D3As attacked, blowing the ship's stern off and destroying the barge	barge	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
Comedy Central believes strongly in creative freedom of expression; when unique and deeply insightful creative talents like those behind South Park are able to express themselves freely, we all benefit. However, the safety of our employees is our unquestioned number [-] one priority,	,	PUNCT	and	CCONJ	 and
On 5 May 1945, President (Reichspräsident) of Nazi Germany Karl Dönitz ordered all U boats to cease offensive operations and return to their bases. U 853 was lying in wait off Point Judith, Rhode Island at the time. According to the US Coast Guard	Guard	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
However, Carla threatens to have him blacklisted if he doesn't go through with the scene. Darryl Philbin (Craig Robinson), who came along as friendly support, gives Andy the confidence to shoot the scene, and in the end Andy even insists on doing	doing	VERB	two	NUM	 two
The court gave Brown a one year prison sentence, suspended for three years, and fined him 1,400 US $. Chief Judge Nobuyuki Yokota said Brown was given a light sentence because the 21 year Marine veteran had no prior criminal record. Citing the victim's stated	stated	VERB	unwillingness	NOUN	 unwillingness
π appears in formulae for areas and volumes of geometrical shapes based on circles, such as ellipses, spheres, cones, and tori. Below are some of the more common formulae that involve π. The circumference of a circle with radius r is 2πr. The	The	DET	area	NOUN	 area
" Writing for Melody Maker in February 1998, Mark Roland drew comparisons with the music of St Etienne and Björk's Homogenic album, highlighting Ray of Light's lack of cynicism as its most positive aspect: " It's not an album turned on the lathe of	of	ADP	cynical	ADJ	 cynical
In agriculture the crofters were liberated from the control of the landowners at the beginning of the war, but they were allowed a right of containment of the farms under the plans of a later general socialization in the country. All these plans, including the new constitution	constitution	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
Free Zone Scientologists, however, are sometimes more open about space opera. Some Free Zone Scientologists believe that the Church of Scientology has been hijacked by undercover agents of the Marcabian Confederacy. During auditing, Scientology members sometimes recall details of life in space. Rothstein states	states	VERB	that	SCONJ	 that
Franz von Hipper joined the German Navy in 1881 as an officer cadet. He commanded several torpedo boat units and served as watch officer aboard several warships, as well as Kaiser Wilhelm II's yacht SMY Hohenzollern. Hipper commanded several cruisers in the reconnaissance forces before being	being	AUX	appointed	VERB	 appointed
He was rebuffed by an official who said, " The last war, you illustrators did the posters. This war, we're going to use fine arts men, real artists. " However, Saturday Evening Post editor, Ben Hibbs, recognized the potential of	of	ADP	the	DET	 the
Homes along this stretch of Caroline are noted for their architectural significance, representing a late 19th century " conch style " that incorporates elements of several more prominent styles, including Victorian and Colonial. Although many of these houses were constructed quickly and cheaply, their builders employed	employed	VERB	the	DET	 the
It was developed by UK based company Zippo Games for Rare; it was published by Acclaim and released in North America in March 1992 and in Europe on January 21, 1993. It is the third and final installment in the Wizards & Warriors series and is the	the	DET	sequel	NOUN	 sequel
The problem was quickly resolved locally, but Rear Admiral Henry T. Mayo sought further redress by demanding an official disavowal of the act by the Huerta regime and a 21 gun salute to the American flag. President Wilson saw in the incident an opportunity to put pressure on	on	ADP	a	DET	 a
The film will highlight the Burnham - Duquesne rivalry, two famous spies who had previous been under orders to assassinate each other. Norton, William Migliore and Brett Ratner will produce this feature film. After six years of dating, Norton proposed to Canadian film producer Shauna	Shauna	PROPN	Robertson	PROPN	 Robertson
This address is located on the southeast corner of LaSalle and Madison Street in Cook County, Illinois across the Madison Street from the One North LaSalle Building. The building sits on a site of a former Roanoke building (once known as Major Block 2) that once	once	ADV	served	VERB	 served
The whole gang are poised to start a food fight until Diane stands up and loudly tells them to stop. When she is close to scolding them, Sam throws cranberry sauce at her, so the food fight resumes. By the time the food fight ends,	,	PUNCT	the	DET	 the
The storyline of Obsessed has been compared with that of Fatal Attraction (1987), although film critics disliked the fact that Derek did not yield to Lisa's seduction. The fight scene finale between Sharon and Lisa, however, was commended by reviewers, and won	won	VERB	the	DET	 the
He also joined the staff of the Omaha Star newspaper. Love toured the U.S. and Europe into the late 1990s and died in 2004. North Omaha's musical culture gave rise to several influential African American musicians. Rhythm & Blues singer Wynonie Harris and influential drummer Buddy	Buddy	PROPN	Miles	PROPN	 Miles
Aided by strong word of mouth support, Changeling's Australian release yielded $3.8 M from 74 screens after eight weeks. The film opened in Japan on February 20, 2009, where it topped the chart in its first week with $2.4 M from 301 screens	screens	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
Directed by John Lasseter and co directed by Andrew Stanton, the film involves a misfit ant, Flik, that is looking for " tough warriors " to save his colony from greedy grasshoppers, only to recruit a group of bugs that turn out to be an inept	inept	ADJ	circus	NOUN	 circus
The ship could easily be supplied by only two of the three plants. Potable water tanks have a capacity of 3,830,000 litres (1,010,000 US gal), enough for more than three days of supply. If the engines are running on low load (when the ship	ship	NOUN	is	AUX	 is
After sacrificing an animal, another important rite of Hajj is shaving head or trimming hair (known as Halak). All male pilgrims shave their head or trim their hair on the day of Eid al Adha and women pilgrims cut the tips of their hair. On	On	ADP	the	DET	 the
He began in good form, but was never as effective as in 1927. Although his captaincy continued to be highly regarded, there were concerns in the press over his increasing weight, although these were offset by his impressive fielding in that season's Tests. He	He	PRON	captained	VERB	 captained
His family had enquired about having his ashes dispersed at Lord's, but this honour was restricted to war dead. When he died, his estate was valued at just over £71,000, which would have been worth around £1 ¼ million in 2008. Jardine	Jardine	PROPN	is	AUX	 is
" Dalton's darker portrayal of Bond led to the violence being increased and more graphic. Wilson compared the script to Akira Kurosawa's Yojimbo, where a samurai " without any attacking of the villain or its cohorts, only sowing the seeds of distrust, he manages	manages	VERB	to	PART	 to
The episode received generally positive reviews upon its original broadcast. Barry Levinson won an Emmy Award for his direction in " Gone for Goode ", and was nominated for a Directors Guild of America Award. Paul Attanasio received a Writers Guild of America Award nomination for the	the	DET	episode	NOUN	 episode
Cley Marshes reserve was created in 1926 when Norfolk birdwatcher Dr Sydney Long bought the land which now makes up the reserve for the sum of £5,100, to be held " in perpetuity as a bird breeding sanctuary ". Long then established the Norfolk Wildlife Trust.	.	PUNCT	The	DET	 The
Back in Uppsala, Linnaeus ' relations with Nils Rosén worsened, and thus he gladly accepted an invitation from the student Claes Sohlberg to spend the Christmas holiday in Falun with Sohlberg's family. Sohlberg's father was a mining inspector, and let Linnaeus visit the mines	mines	NOUN	near	ADP	 near
Hernandez then performed his signature Border Toss maneuver on Devon, slamming him into the mat from the top of a turnbuckle. Homicide followed with a splash from the top of a padded turnbuckle on Devon for the pinfall victory, winning the Deuces Wild Tag Team Tournament and	and	CCONJ	the	DET	 the
It entered the chart again for two weeks in August 2010. The song also debuted at number 20 on the Swedish Singles Chart for the issue dated April 2, 2009, and peaked at number two. On the Digital Songs chart of Sweden, it peaked at	at	ADP	the	DET	 the
The A.V. Club reviewer Myles McNutt criticized the Andy – Kevin – Darryl subplot for its lack of continuity or any sort of punchlines. He was also critical of the Pam – Dwight plot for not staying true to the characters, and suggested that the writers needed to	to	PART	write	VERB	 write
" Cibula stated that Usher's " smoove ass " singing and Ludacris ' presence contributes to the success of the single. " Yeah! " was nominated at the 2005 Grammy Awards for Record of the Year, and won the Best Rap / Sung Collaboration award.	.	PUNCT	At	ADP	 At
By October, the wing had received orders to depart NWA for Morotai to join the First Tactical Air Force; this left NWA with twelve squadrons at its disposal, including one Liberator unit and three other Spitfire squadrons. In the meantime, NWA supported the assault on	on	ADP	Leyte	PROPN	 Leyte
He received an approval from Hitler for a counteroffensive against the Soviet forces advancing in the Donbass region. On 12 February 1943, the remaining German forces were reorganised. To the south, Army Group Don was renamed as Army Group South and placed under Manstein's command	command	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
Historically the Mersey also acted as the boundary between the historic counties of Lancashire and Cheshire. The Trafford area has a long heritage, with evidence of Neolithic, Bronze Age, and Roman activity. Amongst the relics of the past are two castles – one of them	them	PRON	a	DET	 a
These communities elected their own representatives, organized their own schools where classes were taught in the Lithuanian language, and stopped paying taxes. While the first Russian responses were disorganized and confused, the authorities soon marshaled their armed forces and returned the situation back to normal.	.	PUNCT	The	DET	 The
A 2014 analysis conducted by the Idaho National Laboratory using a sample of 21,600 all electric cars and plug in hybrids, found that Volt owners traveled on average 9,112 miles in all electric mode (e miles) per year, while Leaf owners traveled 9,697 e miles per	per	ADP	year	NOUN	 year
In the game, Richardson set a new career high with his 203 rushing yards and tied Mark Ingram, Jr. for the most 100 yard rushing games in a season with nine. The defense held Auburn to 140 total yards of offense, with only 78 yards on	on	ADP	the	DET	 the
The rainfall caused flooding, killing one person, and 20,000 people were left without power. Hary became extratropical on March 13, although its remnants continued for several days as a powerful mid latitude storm. In early March 2002, tropical activity was minimal in the southern	southern	ADJ	Indian	PROPN	 Indian
Residents in Cascade required evacuation by airlift and Mill Bank was declared a disaster area. A previously defunct railway bridge — the 500 ft (150 m) St. Margaret's Bay bridge — in Portland Parish, not in use since the 1980s, was repaired at a	a	DET	cost	NOUN	 cost
He maintained good relations with Bulgaria and, according to Andreev, his political activity was mainly concentrated in dealing with Bulgaria. He also retained his close ties with Nogai and his descendants. In 1301 – 1302, Shishman provided political refuge to several of Nogai's relatives	relatives	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
Andriamborona and his family agreed to shift three times to different parts of the hill, including the future site of the royal compound of Bevato, in response to consecutive requests from the king. For a short time he and the prince lived in neighboring houses at Bevato	Bevato	PROPN	before	SCONJ	 before
For many years, the mansion was the oldest official residence still in use in the United States. Located at 420 High Street in Frankfort, it was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1971. Political parties had developed in the United States before Kentucky	Kentucky	PROPN	became	VERB	 became
Some fungi can cause serious diseases in humans, several of which may be fatal if untreated. These include aspergillosis, candidiasis, coccidioidomycosis, cryptococcosis, histoplasmosis, mycetomas, and paracoccidioidomycosis. Furthermore, persons with immuno deficiencies are particularly susceptible to disease by genera such as	as	ADP	Aspergillus	PROPN	 Aspergillus
Designed for a range of 10,000 nautical miles (19,000 km; 12,000 mi) at a speed of 10 knots (19 km / h; 12 mph), the ship demonstrated a range of 9,910 nmi (18,350 km; 11,400 mi) at a speed of	of	ADP	10.7	NUM	 10.7
Seen in visible light, most Seyfert galaxies look like normal spiral galaxies, but when studied under other wavelengths, the luminosity of their cores is equivalent to the luminosity of whole galaxies the size of the Milky Way. Quasars (/ ˈkweɪzɑr /) or quasi stellar	stellar	ADJ	radio	NOUN	 radio
During their meal, Iwata asked Sakurai to develop a launch title for the Nintendo 3DS. The platform was still in early development at the time, with Sakurai being the first external staff member to learn of its existence. On his way home, Sakurai was faced	faced	VERB	with	ADP	 with
Before the opening, many residents swam in a section of the Frays River near Harefield Road, and the Colne. The pool, pavilion building, entrance building and both fountains were designated Grade II listed buildings in 1998. Despite the listing, the pool was closed	closed	VERB	to	ADP	 to
Segundus's article generates considerable interest in Mr Norrell, who moves to London to revive practical English magic. He enters society with the help of two gentlemen about town and meets a Cabinet Minister, Sir Walter Pole. To ingratiate himself, Mr Norrell attempts to recall	recall	VERB	Sir	PROPN	 Sir
He emptied the container of dirt he took from the Metrodome on the mound at Target Field before pitching. On April 18, Nathan was replaced at closer by Matt Capps after going 3 for 5 in save opportunities. On May 28, 2011, Nathan was placed	placed	VERB	on	ADP	 on
Despite early resistance, Buddhism was promoted by the ruling class and gained widespread acceptance beginning in the Asuka period (592 – 710). The Nara period (710 – 784) of the 8th century marked an emergence of the centralized Japanese state centered on the Imperial	Imperial	PROPN	Court	PROPN	 Court
About 236,000 chickens were killed, and there were lower losses to other livestock. In Sittwe, flooding and winds damaged six shelters and camps, where about 100,000 people were residing during the storm. The shelters sustained damage to latrines and learning centers, necessitating the use	use	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
Instead, the auk was a powerful swimmer, a trait that it used in hunting. Its favourite prey were fish, including Atlantic menhaden and capelin, and crustaceans. Although agile in the water, it was clumsy on land. Great auk pairs mated for life	life	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
A set of four drive trays was supplied with each machine. Adding hard drives to the system did not require cables to be attached as the drive was connected to the system simply by being inserted into the corresponding drive slot. A case lock on the back of	of	ADP	the	DET	 the
Damage in this county alone exceeded $640,000 (2016 USD). Record breaking rainfall was observed across much of the Outer Banks; on Hatteras Island, Cape Point Campground was closed for a week due to flooding. Two people drowned in rip currents along the coastline	coastline	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
Heather Havrilesky of Salon.com thought that the series " hit its stride " in the second season. Havrilesky found the character specific jokes and situations " could reliably make you laugh out loud a few times each episode ", and the quality of writing allowed the stories to	to	PART	be	AUX	 be
Due to some technical difficulties, the lights at Citrus Bowl temporarily went out during the match. Near the end, a pin attempt by Maria was prevented when Marella pulled Maria's leg. In response, Raw commentator Jerry Lawler approached and knocked Marella down with a	a	DET	punch	NOUN	 punch
She is a two time Divas Champion and was the inaugural NXT Women's Champion in WWE's developmental branch, NXT. She is the only person to have held both championships concurrently, and as of July 2016, her 308 day reign as the NXT Women's	's	PART	Champion	PROPN	 Champion
Both airlines officially joined their sister airlines and offer alliance's services and benefits on 1 April 2007. Additionally, Cathay Pacific's newly acquired, wholly owned subsidiary Dragonair, became an affiliate member of the alliance on 1 November 2007. Conversely, on 5 March 2007	2007	NUM	,	PUNCT	,
A year later, a few members of Senshin Buddhist Temple in Los Angeles led by its minister Masao Kodani initiated another group called Kinnara Taiko. San Jose Taiko later formed in 1973 in Japantown, San Jose, under Roy and PJ Hirabayashi. Taiko started to branch	branch	VERB	out	ADP	 out
This has spread across the island in dense thickets and prevents the puffins from finding suitable sites for burrowing and breeding. The project has the support of over 700 volunteers and progress has been made in cutting back the plants, with puffins returning in greater numbers to breed	breed	VERB	.	PUNCT	.
In December 1950 the unit undertook " Operation Haggis ", the delivery of 180 pounds (82 kg) of haggis to the Argyll and Sutherland Highlanders based in Suwon, Korea. The same month, a United States Air Force Mustang taking off from Suwon smashed into	into	ADP	the	DET	 the
The first major meetings of the national left wing campus group Students for a Democratic Society took place in Ann Arbor in 1960; in 1965, the city was home to the first U.S. teach in against the Vietnam War. During the ensuing 15 years, many countercultural	countercultural	ADJ	and	CCONJ	 and
170 million viewers watched the semifinals and final of the 2013 edition. For the first time since 1985, no country of the former Yugoslav federation participated in the final of the Eurovision Song Contest. This year was the first time adult Eurovision displayed the " Parade of	of	ADP	Nations	PROPN	 Nations
By the 7th century, some rulers, including those of Wessex, East Anglia, Essex, and Kent, had begun to term themselves kings, living in villa regalis, royal centres, and collecting tribute from the surrounding regiones; these kingdoms are often referred to	to	ADP	as	ADP	 as
Kartik then made his T20 international debut, taking 0 / 27 from four overs in an Indian win over Australia. In the following series against Pakistan, Kartik was only selected in the first, third and fifth matches, and took two wickets at an average of	of	ADP	68.00	NUM	 68.00
It remained at the top for four weeks. According to the Official Charts Company, it was the ninth best selling song of 2008 and has sold 530,000 copies there as of 2016, being certified Gold by the British Phonographic Industry (BPI). " 4 Minutes	Minutes	PROPN	"	PUNCT	 "
Etty refused to give up attendance, offering to resign rather than give up his studies, and the Academy grudgingly allowed him to continue to attend classes. He divided his time between the RA's own life classes and those at nearby St. Martin's Lane. Etty	Etty	PROPN	generally	ADV	 generally
Suharto was assigned to Battalion XIII at Rampal, graduated from a short training course at KNIL Kaderschool in Gombong to become a sergeant, and was posted to a KNIL reserve battalion in Cisarua. Following the Dutch surrender to the invading Japanese forces in March 1942, Suharto	Suharto	PROPN	abandoned	VERB	 abandoned
The Berkeley Earth group also confirmed that over the past 50 years the land surface warmed by 0.911° C, and their results closely matched those obtained from earlier studies. Climate Change 2007, the Fourth Assessment Report from the IPCC states the following. Studies that have	have	AUX	looked	VERB	 looked
" The voice acting, in particular John C. McGinley's portrayal of Fred, was widely praised, as was the rest of the game's audio. GameZone's Natalie Romano said " There ’ s also some great music in the game and the sound effects are	are	AUX	...	PUNCT	...
Nowitzki experienced a rocky start: prior to the 1998 – 99 NBA season, NBA commissioner David Stern wanted to introduce a salary cap, causing the NBA players ' union to declare a strike, the combination putting the entire season in jeopardy. In limbo, Nowitzki	Nowitzki	PROPN	returned	VERB	 returned
The capital experienced high waves and a 10 ft (3 m) storm tide along its waterfront that reached the third story of some buildings. A trained observer estimated winds of over 150 mph (240 km / h), and winds in the territory were unofficially	unofficially	ADV	estimated	VERB	 estimated
Drake has cited several hip hop artists as influencing his rapping style, including Kanye West, Jay Z and Lil Wayne. Drake has also attributed various R & B artists as influential to his own incorporation of the genre into his own music, including Mary J. Blige	Blige	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
Vision in White and its sequel, Bed of Roses, were released in trade paperback. To help readers differentiate the new releases from the reprints, the covers of the two trade paperbacks included a medallion with the initials NR. The novel follows the relationship of photographer	photographer	NOUN	Mackensie	PROPN	 Mackensie
Symbolically, MPL = w Graphically, the iso profit line must be tangent to the production function. The vertical intercept of the iso profit line measures the level of profit that Robinson Crusoe's firm will make. This level of profit, Π, has the ability	ability	NOUN	to	PART	 to
Laliberté was unhappy with the deal, claiming that it gave too many rights to Columbia, which was attempting to secure all rights to the production. Laliberté pulled out of the deal before it could be concluded, and that experience stands out as a key reason why	why	SCONJ	Cirque	PROPN	 Cirque
The remainder of the campaign passed without incident and on 26 June, Major Gotthard Handrick took over command of JG 26. Galland was pleased, having served under him during his Condor Legion days. From June 1940 on, Galland flew as the Gruppenkommandeur of III.	.	PUNCT	/	SYM	 /
The success of ancient Egyptian civilization came partly from its ability to adapt to the conditions of the Nile River valley for agriculture. The predictable flooding and controlled irrigation of the fertile valley produced surplus crops, which supported a more dense population, and social development and culture	culture	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
Additionally, the claws of the cheetah are shorter as well as straighter than those of other cats. Absence of protection makes the claws blunt; however, the large and strongly curved dewclaw is remarkably sharp. Cheetahs are diurnal (active mainly during the day),	,	PUNCT	whereas	SCONJ	 whereas
Myers himself had an over abundance of ideas for balloons, but was short on cash to make many of them a reality even though he had the necessary balloon knowledge. The newspapers printed that Myers was making a balloon capable of holding 75,000 to 100,000 cubic feet of	of	ADP	hydrogen	NOUN	 hydrogen
At landfall, Daisy had a symmetrical cloud pattern 400 km (250 mi) in diameter. The high mountains of Madagascar caused the storm to quickly weaken, although it emerged into the Mozambique Channel as a tropical disturbance on January 15. That day, a trough	trough	NOUN	turned	VERB	 turned
Prometheus earned $126,477,084 (31.4%) in North America and $276,877,385 (68.6%) elsewhere for a worldwide total of $403,354,469, making it the 15th highest grossing film of 2012, and the 159th highest grossing film worldwide unadjusted for inflation. Prometheus was	was	AUX	released	VERB	 released
All instrumentation and programming was carried out by Guetta, Tuinfort and Nash. The song was finally mixed by Jaycen Joshua at SARM Studios and Metropolis Studios in London. " Phresh Out the Runway " is a hip hop and rave song, with a duration of three	three	NUM	minutes	NOUN	 minutes
Aubum Street is one of addresses of the Harvard Lampoon. Mr. Mitchell having a dead parrot that he believes to still be alive is a reference to the " Dead Parrot " Monty Python sketch. In its original broadcast, " The Canine Mutiny " finished 43rd in	in	ADP	ratings	NOUN	 ratings
There is no data on literacy in the Faroe Islands, but the CIA Factbook states that it is probably as high as in Denmark proper, i.e. 99%. The majority of students in upper secondary schools are women, although men represent the majority in higher education	education	NOUN	institutions	NOUN	 institutions
As a result, animation studios moved quickly to incorporate cartoon rock bands into other programs. An early effort by Hanna Barbera showcased the Beau Brummels as animated guests on The Flintstones sitcom in the season six episode " Shinrock A Go Go, " which originally aired on	on	ADP	December	PROPN	 December
During 2013 14, peak levels of fine particulate matter (PM) in Delhi increased by about 44%, primarily due to high vehicular and industrial emissions, construction work and crop burning in adjoining states. Delhi has the highest level of the airborne particulate matter,	,	PUNCT	PM2.5	NOUN	 PM2.5
The priest and antiquarian Harry Longueville Jones visited St Michael's in 1845. At that time, the church was 68 by 16 feet (20.7 by 4.9 m) internally; he recorded the north chapel as measuring 12 feet 8 inches by 17 feet (3.9 by	by	ADP	5.2	NUM	 5.2
Senet, a board game where pieces moved according to random chance, was particularly popular from the earliest times; another similar game was mehen, which had a circular gaming board. Juggling and ball games were popular with children, and wrestling is also documented in a	a	DET	tomb	NOUN	 tomb
James was a known philanderer who kept many mistresses, for which Anne often reproached him, once even complaining to the king, who sent one of James ' mistresses to the countryside where she remained until her death. Nonetheless, James fathered many illegitimate children. Years	Years	NOUN	after	SCONJ	 after
The Queens equerry Arthur Edward Hardinge referred to the Rothschild's dining tables as " resplendent with the Hebrew gold " going so far as to say a visiting Russian royal needed a " corrective " visit to Westminster Abbey following acceptance of Rothschild hospitality. Queen Victoria herself expressed	expressed	VERB	antisemitic	ADJ	 antisemitic
In the Good Spirit REDA, Canora features a flax straw processing plant, manufacturing plant, and meat processing plant. The next few intersections on Highway 5 are at Highway 650 and Ross Junction (km 319), Mikado (km 326), and Veregin and	and	CCONJ	Highway	PROPN	 Highway
Finally, destroyed muscle cells release potassium ions, phosphate ions, the heme containing protein myoglobin, the enzyme creatine kinase and uric acid (a breakdown product of purines from DNA) into the blood. Activation of the coagulation system may precipitate disseminated intravascular coagulation. High	High	ADJ	potassium	NOUN	 potassium
Besides NY 60, NY 430 intersects with NY 76 in Sherman and NY 394 in Mayville. It meets the Southern Tier Expressway (Interstate 86 or I 86 and NY 17) multiple times: in Sherman via NY 76, twice in Bemus Point (once by	by	ADP	way	NOUN	 way
" When Love Takes Over " also achieved success in Europe, topping charts in Belgium (Wallonia), Czech Republic, Hungary, Ireland, Italy, Slovakia, Switzerland and the United Kingdom. It also reached the top 10 in most other regions apart from Brasil	Brasil	PROPN	Canada	PROPN	 Canada
But his restless thoughts keep the elegant music here taut. " It was ranked at number 14 on Rolling Stone's list of the 50 best albums of 2013. They commented saying, " Drake is the people's rapper, a smart kid conflicted about his fame	fame	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
The California State Legislature defined Route 26 as a route from Lucerne Valley to Morongo Valley in 1959. SR 247 was designated in the 1964 state highway renumbering as a route from SR 62 in Yucca Valley to SR 18 near Lucerne Valley, and then from there to	to	ADP	I	PRON	 I
Grin developed an arcade version of the game, released in 2002 featuring a unique reclined seating position cabinet by Triotech. Players race across seven different tracks in various leagues against other competitors on high speed hoverbikes. The game was Grin's first to be released, and	and	CCONJ	featured	VERB	 featured
She supports various charities and causes, and is a prominent celebrity endorser of brands. Her struggle with depression and bipolar II disorder has been well documented by the media. She is married to the actor Michael Douglas with whom she has two children. Zeta Jones was	was	AUX	born	VERB	 born
It generally arrives on the U.S. Gulf Coast during the first week of April. Fall migration usually begins in mid August and continues through mid September. Migration takes place at night, allowing them to find their direction from the stars and orient themselves by detecting the Earth	Earth	PROPN	's	PART	's
Promoted to officer, Surcouf enlisted on the Courrier d'Afrique, another slave ship, bound for Mozambique under Captain Garnier. Captain Tardivet then brought him over as Lieutenant on his new ship, Revanche. On Revanche, Surcouf made several expeditions off Madagascar. Surcouf enlisted as	as	ADP	a	DET	 a
At 08: 50, Rear Admiral Hipper requested permission from Admiral von Ingenohl, the commander in chief of the High Seas Fleet, to send Von der Tann and Moltke to relieve the beleaguered German cruisers. Von der Tann was ready to sail by 10: 15	15	NUM	,	PUNCT	,
Back in 1988 her first single, I Should Be So Lucky, spent five weeks at number one, making her the most successful female artist in the UK charts with 13 successive Top 10 entries. " She is sometimes referred to as the Goddess of Pop /	/	SYM	Pop	PROPN	 Pop
However, Cortana realizes that the ring is not a weapon as they understood at all- but before the Chief can press her with questions, Cortana tells the Master Chief to find Captain Keyes. Dropped into the swamp where Keyes and his squad disappeared, the Master Chief	Chief	PROPN	discovers	VERB	 discovers
For its classic wit, this phrase has become one of the more often quoted from Candide. Voltaire depicts the worst of the world and his pathetic hero's desperate effort to fit it into an optimistic outlook. Almost all of Candide is a discussion of various forms	forms	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
The stars were restored again during maintenance and restoration in 2006; however, this restoration was rushed and there is no warranty of its quality. The guard of honor was present from the unveiling of the monument until 1940, when it was removed shortly after the occupation	occupation	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
In 2007, Ripley announced that she would be writing a cookbook about family food. She said, " I want to help people prepare good food for their kids, really practical stuff that's easy, quick, healthy and you can whizz up in the blender	blender	NOUN	for	ADP	 for
He branded the character's final scene unconvincing and badly acted, commenting: " the appropriately feeble scene brought down the curtain on 20 terrible years of Wendy Richard's low quality performances. We shall not see her like again. If we're lucky!... I	I	PRON	'm	AUX	'm
Texas won the game 52 – 17 and moved into first place in the Bowl Championship Series (BCS) standings for the first time since they were implemented in 1998. The BCS formula took into account strength of schedule so that teams received more credit for beating stronger	stronger	ADJ	opponents	NOUN	 opponents
The prohibitive degree of Salvia divinorum legislation varies widely from country to country. Australia has imposed its strictest ' schedule 9 ' (US Schedule I equivalent), and Italy has also placed salvia in its ' Table I ' of controlled substances (also US Schedule I	I	PRON	equivalent	VERB	 equivalent
In response to the petition President Barack Obama called for the banning of conversion therapy for minors. Under the Twitter hashtag # RealLiveTransAdult, many transgender people posted encouraging tweets for their younger counterparts, while other hashtags, such as # ProtectTransKids, and the term " Rest	Rest	VERB	in	ADP	 in
Most species feed on fish caught by diving from flight, but the marsh terns are insect eaters, and some large terns will supplement their diet with small land vertebrates. Many terns are long distance migrants, and the Arctic tern may see more daylight in a year	year	NOUN	than	ADP	 than
The Ecopass pollution charge ended on December 31, 2011, and was replaced by the Area C scheme, which went into effect on January 16, 2012, initially as an 18 month pilot program. The Area C scheme is a conventional congestion pricing scheme and is	is	AUX	based	VERB	 based
The draft was unpopular. Several revolts erupted against it, many of them in the Jin provinces neighboring the Song. But Wanyan Liang allowed no dissent. He had his stepmother executed after hearing that she was critical of the war effort. In order to eliminate any	any	DET	challenge	NOUN	 challenge
First, much of the gold was used locally to purchase food, supplies and lodging for the miners. It also went towards entertainment, which consisted of anything from a traveling theater to alcohol, gambling, and prostitutes. These transactions often took place using the recently	recently	ADV	recovered	VERB	 recovered
On 28 May 1944, Loper was appointed Chief Engineer of US Army Forces, Pacific Ocean Areas (USAFPOA), on the specific request of the commander of USAFPOA, Lieutenant General Robert C. Richardson, Jr. Loper immediately became involved in planning for the Mariana and Palau	Palau	PROPN	Islands	PROPN	 Islands
It was declared a UNESCO World Heritage Site in 1981, and in 1999 UNESCO approved one off funding of US $27,248 for " emergency assistance for the rehabilitation of the archaeological site of Quiriguá ". One of the site's stelae is depicted on the Guatemalan 10	10	NUM	centavo	PROPN	 centavo
The fleet then proceeded to the Island of Mozambique (northeast of Sofala), in order to take on provisions and make the ships ready for the rough passage around the Cape of Good Hope. One caravel was sent to Sofala — another of the expedition's goals	goals	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
In addition to British regulars, the troops in Quebec included several regiments from the German principalities of Hesse Hanau (from whose name the common reference of Hessian comes) and Brunswick under the command of Baron Friedrich Adolph Riedesel. Of these regular forces, 200 British regulars	regulars	NOUN	and	CCONJ	 and
Much has also been made of Donne's references to compasses and maps in the third stanza. Robert L. Sharp, writing in Modern Language Notes, argues that these references can be logically interpreted as yet another reference to love. The maps Donne would have been familiar	familiar	ADJ	with	ADP	 with
The remainder of NY 21 roughly followed its current alignment. At the same time, what is now NY 21 from Andover to Hornell was designated as the western half of NY 17F while the section between Loon Lake and modern NY 415 was assigned NY 371. The	The	DET	remaining	VERB	 remaining
Today, Ben Hur is widely considered to be one of the greatest films ever made, and in 1998 the American Film Institute ranked it the 72nd best American film and the 2nd best American epic film in the AFI's 10 Top 10. In 2004, the	the	DET	National	PROPN	 National
While many revisionist writers had suggested that Chamberlain had had few or no choices in his actions, Parker argued that Chamberlain and his colleagues had chosen appeasement over other viable policies. In his two volumes, Chamberlain and Appeasement (1993) and Churchill and Appeasement (2000	2000	NUM	)	PUNCT	)
This left them without a recording contract for the next ten years. Eric Bloom stated that " in general, CBS was straight with us, when we had fans working inside the company ", but after " 3 4 different Presidents of the company came and went	went	VERB	"	PUNCT	 "
The episode features the first scene between Walter and his old colleague William Bell (played by guest actor Leonard Nimoy). At the time, it fulfilled Nimoy's commitment to the show, though he later returned for the season finale. " Grey Matters " first	first	ADV	aired	VERB	 aired
Contains roughly four pages (17 – 21) of text and, separately, fourteen illustrations (figs. 20 – 22, 25 – 35) on Troilos in ancient art. ISBN 0 500 20236 2. Coghill, N. (ed.) (1971:	:	PUNCT	pp	INTJ	 pp
These authors sympathized with the Radical Republicans for their desire to help the African American, and saw Johnson as callous towards the freedman. In a number of works from 1956 onwards by such historians as Fawn Brodie, the former president was depicted as a successful saboteur of	of	ADP	efforts	NOUN	 efforts
" One incident reported by Drake and Cayton illustrated the discriminatory treatment meted out even to blacks within racially mixed groups: Two colored schoolteachers and several white friends attended a luncheon at an exclusive coffee shop. The Negro women were allowed to sit down, but the waitress	waitress	NOUN	ignored	VERB	 ignored
In the early 17th century, during the time of King James I, abortive plans were made to drain and enclose much of Sedgemoor, which the local Lords supported but opposed by the Commoners who would have lost grazing rights. In 1632, Charles I sold the	the	DET	Crown	PROPN	 Crown
Shortly thereafter, Suevic and her four sisters were pressed into service carrying troops to fight in the Boer War in South Africa. In August 1901 she made her one and only voyage from Liverpool to New York City. Once the Boer War was over, White Star	Star	PROPN	was	AUX	 was
In comedy, Matt Lucas and David Walliams, Simon Pegg (of Hot Fuzz fame), Chris Morris, creator of the controversial Brass Eye and Jon Richardson. Other comedy stars include Chris Langham, of The Thick of It fame, standup comic Marcus Brigstocke.	.	PUNCT	Other	ADJ	 Other
He received a signing on fee of £600. As the club were based in Belfast he had to spend the night at manager Billy Neill's house after midweek games as he would miss the last train back to Dublin, and would have to instead catch the	the	DET	train	NOUN	 train
Reviews of the episode were mostly mixed, calling the storyline " a string of poorly executed jokes with some mild successes sprinkled here and there. " Ramsey Isler of IGN also called out the episode as " a mashed together mess of two stories that would have worked	worked	VERB	much	ADV	 much
The Catalan forge was invented in Catalonia, Spain, during the 8th century. Instead of using natural draught, air was pumped in by a trompe, resulting in better quality iron and an increased capacity. This pumping of airstream in with bellows is known as cold	cold	ADJ	blast	NOUN	 blast
Bear admired Hodgson's imagination which, in The Night Land, had created the Last Redoubt as a " technological preserve " in the far future to keep out monsters that humanity had previously created, and which had evolved over long periods of time. But Bear's	's	PART	interpretation	NOUN	 interpretation
The remains of such organized events are now celebrated spontaneously by the people who gather for a parade in Avenida dos Banhos. Despite not having any sort of advertising or media coverage, Póvoa's " Spontaneous Carnival " (Carnaval dos espontâneos) started to attract thousands of	of	ADP	people	NOUN	 people
Because of atypical scheduling of the show's first 7 episodes, American Dad! has a controversial season number discrepancy in which many are divided as to how many seasons the program has had. Beyond division between media journalists and fans, there has been conflicting reports as	as	ADP	to	ADP	 to
Released on the HBO channel, it garnered 1.8 million viewers for the initial broadcast, becoming the largest audience for a documentary since Nielsen Media Research revised its method of measuring viewership in 2004. However, critical commentary towards Life Is But a Dream was mixed with divided	divided	ADJ	opinions	NOUN	 opinions
If correct, this would produce an oddly truncated mast a full 9 feet (2.7 m) shorter than the standards of the day. late 20th century research suggested the annotation may be a transcription error and should read " 19 yards 29 inches " (24.5 m	m	PROPN	)	PUNCT	)
In the following weeks, Ziggler began to re ignite his feud with The Authority, and on the March 14 episode of Raw, confronted Triple H and Stephanie McMahon. This resulted in Ziggler being granted a match against Triple H where if he won, he could	could	AUX	pick	VERB	 pick
Nick Tan, from Game Revolution, also praised Min's personality, but he complained that the character appeared too seldom in the game. Edwin Evans Thirlwell, writing for GamesRadar, thought that the story grew tiresome as players progressed, even though some of its characters	characters	NOUN	were	AUX	 were
Shetland is around 170 kilometres (110 mi) north of mainland Scotland, covers an area of 1,468 square kilometres (567 sq mi) and has a coastline 2,702 kilometres (1,679 mi) long. Lerwick, the capital and largest settlement, has a population of	of	ADP	6,958	NUM	 6,958
This broke off the remaining mast and caused the ship to heel over onto her side. As daylight broke over Audierne Bay, crowds of locals gathered on the beach. The Droits de l ' Homme lay on her side directly opposite the town of Plozévet, with	with	ADP	large	ADJ	 large
" Additionally, in the case of a voluntary adoption of an Indian child, the courts must follow specific guidelines for the Indian birth parents to waive their parental rights or have them terminated. The ICWA provides that to relinquish parental rights, an Indian parent must:	:	PUNCT	do	VERB	 do
I went through a time where I was really scared of ' drying ', which is not being able to remember your lines. You start to wonder about your own ability to remember lines and act in the way you had, which can be very damaging.	.	PUNCT	"	PUNCT	 "
In 1999, the Academy decided that up to a maximum of three producers are eligible to be included in an award for a film. The rule was implemented to prevent a large number of involved filmmakers to appear on stage when a film was receiving an award.	.	PUNCT	The	DET	 The
Thomas E. Stelson, Dean of the College of Engineering at Georgia Tech, was named to " reorganize " the station. Publicly, Stelson's task was simply to recommend a plan for reorganization, but the administration clearly intended for Georgia Tech and the EES to be	be	AUX	closely	ADV	 closely
Obviously, that has not been a lot of money. " For a two year period in the early 2000s, the project received DARPA funding, which " paid the salaries of 5 people to work completely full time, bought about $30k in hardware, and	and	CCONJ	paid	VERB	 paid
Like most Austrian generals of the French Revolutionary Wars, he joined the military as a young man, and served in the War of Bavarian Succession, in which he took part in its first action by successfully repelling a Prussian border raid, which earned him the admiration	admiration	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
Lord Harris, who was both the captain of Kent and England in 1884, led the protests against throwing. He forced the retirement of two of Kent's bowlers, but was reasonably satisfied with Lancashire in 1884: for their match against Kent at Old Trafford,	,	PUNCT	they	PRON	 they
During the afternoon of November 25, Nina moved ashore in southern Luzon at the same intensity. It gradually weakened over land, before entering the South China Sea and turning to the north. By November 30, Nina dissipated. Across the Chuuk Lagoon, four people	people	NOUN	were	AUX	 were
The proposed relocation would have been the second involving a Minneapolis based franchise in the span of two years, as Minneapolis had lost its National Hockey League (NHL) franchise to Dallas, Texas in 1993. Timberwolves owners Marv Wolfenson and Harvey Ratner were considering selling the	the	DET	team	NOUN	 team
A much delayed Batavian expeditionary force, sent to retake control of the Cape, arrived in August 1796, but was out manoeuvered and forced to surrender by Elphinstone at the Capitulation of Saldanha Bay. Elphinstone's arrival at the Cape officially placed him in overall command of	of	ADP	the	DET	 the
Jabba's appetite is insatiable, and some authors portray him threatening to eat his subordinates. Nonetheless, in one Expanded Universe story, Jabba prevents a Chevin named Ephant Mon from freezing to death on an ice planet; whereafter Ephant Mon becomes his servant. In Star	Star	PROPN	Wars	NOUN	 Wars
By the time the train makes it to the bottom of the drop, it reaches its maximum speed of 71 miles per hour (114 km / h). Then, the train enters an immelmann loop before dropping back to the ground and making a banked upward	upward	ADV	left	VERB	 left
" When asked if he would elaborate on his plans, he replied " No! [Laughs.] Too many other acts are goin ' out. I'll just be doing what I always did, which is keeping things interesting. " In announcing the tour	tour	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
Krycek tells Marita to tell her superiors that " it is all going to hell ". Meanwhile, Fox Mulder (David Duchovny) attends a lecture at MIT, where the testimony of Cassandra Spender (Veronica Cartwright), an alien abductee, is being presented.	.	PUNCT	Mulder	PROPN	 Mulder
Working with the Boeing plant in Wichita, Kansas, Tibbets test flew the B 29, and soon accumulated more flight time in it than any other pilot. He found that without defensive armament and armor plating, the aircraft was 7,000 pounds (3,200 kg) lighter	lighter	ADJ	,	PUNCT	,
South east of the keep was the hall, built by Roger Clifford in the late 14th century as a replacement for an earlier hall. It provided space for the castle's garrison, swelled by the Anglo Scottish Wars, and was a location for the lord to	to	PART	eat	VERB	 eat
" The huia appears to be a remnant of an early expansion of passerines in the country of New Zealand, and is the largest of the three members of the family Callaeidae, the New Zealand wattlebirds; the others are the saddleback and the kōkako. The only	only	ADJ	close	ADJ	 close
Furious spent the next three months after her return working up. In August, she was detailed to accompany the convoy bound for Malta in Operation Pedestal, but she was only to sail far enough with them to allow her 38 Supermarine Spitfires to reach Malta. This	This	PRON	she	PRON	 she
Her most highly praised novel during her lifetime was Pride and Prejudice, her second published novel. Austen's plots often explore the dependence of women on marriage in the pursuit of favorable social standing and economic security. The author's major novels are rarely out of print	print	NOUN	today	NOUN	 today
Alonso faced more competition for his place in the form of new arrival Mohamed Sissoko. However, Steven Gerrard's injuries and Rafael Benítez's favouring of a 4 – 5 – 1 formation ensured Alonso's place in the team. Alonso appeared in all of Liverpool's	's	PART	games	NOUN	 games
The reign of Richard II (1377 – 1400) saw the investment of £500 in repairing the castle. This was in part in response to French raids on England's southern coast during the Hundred Years ' War as England's fortunes in the conflict worsened.	.	PUNCT	The	DET	 The
In the following 35 years, Texas A & M more than tripled its enrollment from 14,000 students to over 45,000. Much of the legislative work allowing the expansion of Texas A & M and the admission of women was pushed by State Senator William T. " Bill "	"	PUNCT	Moore	PROPN	 Moore
Tolkien never intended Quenya or any of his constructed languages to be used in everyday life as an international auxiliary language, although he was in favour of the idea of Esperanto as an auxiliary language within Europe. With his Quenya, Tolkien pursued a double aesthetic goal:	:	PUNCT	"	PUNCT	 "
The project is funded through an equity contribution of about USD 200 m from Diwaco, a USD 300 m grant and a USD 100 m stand by facility from the Jordanian government, as well as USD 475 m in foreign loans to Diwaco. The project's total	total	ADJ	cost	NOUN	 cost
Other large employers of note include Krifa (a trades union organisation) and 5R, a telemarketing company, while metallurgy and electronics remain important sectors. The Port of Aarhus is one of the largest industrial ports in northern Europe with the largest container terminal in Denmark,	,	PUNCT	processing	VERB	 processing
He instead stayed with the plane and made a perfect landing. The event garnered him an Air Force commendation for bravery. In the Vietnam War, Blanchard flew 113 missions from Thailand, 84 of them over North Vietnam. He piloted a fighter bomber during a one	one	NUM	year	NOUN	 year
The canisters also affect the user's mental state, causing a more violent and arrogant temperament. Serviles remain on the island, having been abandoned when the island was Barred. They are intelligent creations of Shapers, designed to serve them without question or hesitation. These	These	DET	Serviles	NOUN	 Serviles
Olajuwon averaged career lows of 7.1 points and 6.0 rebounds per game in what would be his final season in the NBA, as he decided to retire in the fall of 2002, due to a back injury. Olajuwon retired as the all – time league leader in	in	ADP	total	ADJ	 total
Hardy remarked that it was one of the most unusual papers seen in mathematical research at that time and that Ramanujan showed extraordinary ingenuity in handling it. On 6 December 1917, he was elected to the London Mathematical Society. In 1918 he was elected a Fellow of	of	ADP	the	DET	 the
However, a Murphy goal in the 90th minute of the match meant Liverpool won 4 – 3 to progress to the semi finals. Their opposition were Sheffield United of the First Division in the semi final, which was held over two legs. The first leg at	at	ADP	United	PROPN	 United
To you, unfortunately, business, money, and things that have nothing to do with those emotions have become much more important. Turunen responded through an open letter on her website and through some interviews in which she explained her view. She was upset that after	after	ADP	nine	NUM	 nine
The game was a commercial success, and sold more than one million copies as of January 2012. A spin off, Super Meat Boy Forever, is currently in development. Super Meat Boy is a platform game in which players control a small, dark red,	,	PUNCT	cube	ADJ	 cube
This book drew public attention to her work, and she began to communicate with leading educational and reformist thinkers and reformers. Carpenter was consulted by those drafting educational bills, and she was invited to give evidence before House of Commons committees and in 1852 she published Juvenile	Juvenile	PROPN	Delinquents	PROPN	 Delinquents
The systems also came with a number of smaller built in applications, such as the Merriam Webster Collegiate Dictionary, Oxford Quotations, the complete works of William Shakespeare, and the Digital Librarian search engine to access them. NeXT started porting the NeXTSTEP operating system to IBM	IBM	PROPN	PC	NOUN	 PC
In Skagen, he became one of the central and most enthusiastic members of the artistic community. Marie Krøyer (1867 – 1940) came from an affluent German family who had moved to Copenhagen. From an early age she aspired to become an artist and after private	private	ADJ	training	NOUN	 training
Chief Justice of Arizona C.G.W. French ruled in Paul's favor in late January 1881, but Shibell appealed. His lawsuit was finally resolved by April 1881. The election commission found that a mysterious " Henry Johnson " was responsible for certifying the ballots. This turned out	out	ADP	to	PART	 to
Indeed, at the Palmetto Expressway's southern end, between US 1 and Kendall Drive, traffic moves almost exclusively in the peak direction. Northwards, traffic volumes decrease after the interchange with I 75 and the Gratigny Parkway, with a reported drop of approximately 60,000 daily	daily	ADJ	vehicle	NOUN	 vehicle
Cadbury Castle is located 5 miles (8.0 km) north east of Yeovil. It stands on the summit of Cadbury Hill, a limestone hill situated on the southern edge of the Somerset Levels, with flat lowland to the north. The summit is 153 m (	(	PUNCT	500	NUM	500
In comics and in other media. As with the hero, the majority of the villains ' powers originate with scientific accidents or the misuse of scientific technology, and many have animal themed costumes or powers. Examples are listed down below in the ordering of their original	original	ADJ	chronological	ADJ	 chronological
Empire Wildebeeste strayed behind even before the convoy dispersed on 19 January, and was left to sail on to Baltimore independently. At 06: 53 on 24 January, Empire Wildebeeste was struck by a torpedo launched from German submarine U 106 under the command of Kapitänleutnant Hermann	Hermann	PROPN	Rasch	PROPN	 Rasch
After Meili and his family reported receiving death threats, they fled to the United States and were granted political asylum. After a US $2.56 billion lawsuit was filed against UBS and other Swiss banks on behalf of the Jewish victims of the Holocaust, a settlement was	was	AUX	reached	VERB	 reached
In Burnet's dispute with the assembly over his salary (which exceeded that of Shute in its acrimony and occupied most of Burnet's brief tenure), Cooke and Belcher made common cause over the issue. Belcher was elected by the assembly as an agent to London	London	PROPN	to	PART	 to
Films they appeared in after Subway Sadie include Smile, Brother, Smile (1927), Ladies ' Night in a Turkish Bath (1928), Lady Be Good (1928), and Children of the Ritz (1929). The 1933 drama Curtain at Eight	Eight	NUM	marked	VERB	 marked
According to his brother Charlie, people used to visit the Lennon house in Copperfield Street while Alf was away at sea, offering large sums of money (up to £300) if Alf would divorce Julia, but Charlie told them to " get lost ".	.	PUNCT	In	ADP	 In
The red grouse is common on heather clad moorland across the north and west of Great Britain and in localised areas of Ireland. The willow ptarmigan has a varied and seasonal diet. The bird is herbivorous for most of its life and subsists on various plant materials.	.	PUNCT	As	ADP	 As
By 18 August the airfield was ready for operation. Five days worth of food had been landed from the transports, which, along with captured Japanese provisions, gave the Marines a total of 14 days worth of food. To conserve supplies, the troops were limited	limited	VERB	to	ADP	 to
She pledged to support education, reduce poverty, and slow the pace of privatization. While Torrijos ran in large part on his father's memory — including using the campaign slogan " Omar lives " — Moscoso evoked that of her dead husband, leading Panamanians to joke	joke	VERB	that	SCONJ	 that
" When George Gershwin asked him for lessons in the 1920s, Ravel, after serious consideration, refused, on the grounds that they " would probably cause him to write bad Ravel and lose his great gift of melody and spontaneity ". The best known composer who	who	PRON	studied	VERB	 studied
Bosanquet's contributions helped Middlesex to win the County Championship for the first time. Although no Test matches were played that season, Warner believed that Bosanquet's form would have gained him a place in a representative side. For the first time since 1899, he was	was	AUX	selected	VERB	 selected
The name is short for the German Panzerkampfwagen I (" armored fighting vehicle mark I "), abbreviated PzKpfw I. The tank's official German ordnance inventory designation was SdKfz 101 (" special purpose vehicle 101 "). Design of the Panzer I began in 1932	1932	NUM	and	CCONJ	 and
A major refit scheduled to begin in late 1981 was postponed pending the decision on a replacement carrier. After docking at Garden Island in December, the carrier was accidentally flooded by an officer who was impatient to commence leave. In his haste to shut down the carrier	carrier	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
". Horror author Anne Rice has named Dracula's Daughter as a direct inspiration for her own homoerotic vampire fiction, naming a bar in her novel Queen of the Damned " Dracula's Daughter " in honor of the film. Films produced under such censorship could only	only	ADV	introduce	VERB	 introduce
Alan Alda portrayed controversial viral researcher Robert Gallo, and many other stars appeared in supporting and cameo roles, who agreed to appear in the film for union scale pay. The film was released the same year as Philadelphia and Angels in America, which prompted one reviewer	reviewer	NOUN	to	PART	 to
Harding worked to shore up his support through incessant letter writing. Despite the candidate's work, according to Russell, " without Daugherty's Mephistophelean efforts, Harding would never have stumbled forward to the nomination ". There were only 16 presidential primary states in 1920,	,	PUNCT	of	ADP	 of
Black Isle released the groundbreaking Fallout (1997) which, reminiscent of Interplay's earlier Wasteland, was set in an alternate history future America following a nuclear holocaust. One of the few successful late 1990 video game RPGs not set in a swords and sorcery environment,	,	PUNCT	Fallout	PROPN	 Fallout
In October 1932, at the height of his career, he suddenly fell ill after wrapping a film. Hospitalized, his condition quickly worsened and within a week he was dead of an infection to the brain. Born Robert Bard Kurrle in Port Hueneme, California on	on	ADP	February	PROPN	 February
It is the oldest mosque in the country and one of the oldest in West Africa, and has been referred to as the " Mecca of West Africa ". It has undergone restoration several times since it was originally founded in 1421 (17th century according to some	some	PRON	)	PUNCT	)
They were powered by two geared steam turbines, each driving one propeller shaft, using steam provided by five du Temple boilers. The turbines were designed to produce 50,000 metric horsepower (37,000 kW; 49,000 shp), which would propel the ship at 35.5 knots (	(	PUNCT	65.7	NUM	65.7
The expanded version of Cream's Farewell Concert film released in 1977 contains the performance. During their 2005 reunion, Cream revisited the song at the Royal Albert Hall and it is included on the Royal Albert Hall London May 2 3 5 6, 2005 album and video	video	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
Following an increase in organized thunderstorm activity near the center, the JTWC started issuing warnings on Tropical Depression 19 at 1600 UTC that day. At 2200 UTC on September 6, Hurricane Hunters reported winds of 80 km / h (50 mph) and a pressure of	of	ADP	994	NUM	 994
On 16 March 1994, Russian envoy Vitaly Churkin brokered negotiations between Croatia and the RSK which produced a new ceasefire on 30 March. Further negotiations produced agreements on reopening a section of the Zagreb – Belgrade motorway (crossing the RSK held part of western Slavonia, the	the	DET	Adria	PROPN	 Adria
The successor, St Botolph's Church of England School, moved out of the old premises into new accommodation in 2002. As of 2015, the school is a voluntary controlled mixed primary school admitting juniors and infants with 394 pupils on roll, and was rated "	"	PUNCT	good	ADJ	 good
Al Jean, Matt Selman, Carolyn Omine, Dana Gould, Joe Mantegna and Pete Michels participated in the audio commentary of the episode. Following its home video release, " Poppa's Got a Brand New Badge " received mixed reviews from critics. Writing for 411Mania	411Mania	NUM	,	PUNCT	,
A particular critical success was The Year of the Sex Olympics, broadcast as part of BBC2's Theatre 625 series in July 1968. Kneale's first television work to be made in colour — although only a black and white copy now survives — the story was based	based	VERB	in	ADP	 in
A U boat reported the convoy's location at 09: 00 on 25 December, and Dönitz ordered Scharnhorst into action. In his instructions to Bey, Dönitz advised him to break off the engagement if presented with superior forces, but to remain aggressive. Bey planned	planned	VERB	to	PART	 to
The crankshaft ran in three main bearings. While the prototype Straight Eight shown at the model's introduction had horizontal valves of the type used in earlier Duesenberg designed marine and racing engines, the model that entered production had a shaft driven single overhead camshaft which used rockers	rockers	NOUN	to	PART	 to
This was an increase from the previous episode, " The Aftermath ", as it was watched by 5.7 million American viewers. This episode was the 72nd most watched episode of the week. " Blind Date " was nominated at the 18th GLAAD Media Awards for Outstanding	Outstanding	PROPN	Individual	PROPN	 Individual
Striebel had previously been orchestrating the Princeton offense from behind the goal, but on March 25, 2001, head coach Bill Tierney made the switch. During the 1998 season when Princeton won the NCAA title, Striebel had been playing midfield. Princeton went undefeated for the	the	DET	rest	NOUN	 rest
In October 2013, it was confirmed that Kim Raver and William Devane would reprise their roles as Audrey Raines and James Heller, respectively. New actors joining the cast included Michael Wincott as Adrian, an infamous hacker; Gbenga Akinnagbe and Giles Matthey as CIA agents Erik	Erik	PROPN	Ritter	PROPN	 Ritter
Phoenix was the largest of the twelve constellations established by Petrus Plancius from the observations of Pieter Dirkszoon Keyser and Frederick de Houtman. It first appeared on a 35 cm diameter celestial globe published in 1597 (or 1598) in Amsterdam by Plancius with Jodocus Hondius. The	The	DET	first	ADJ	 first
Prevalence data vary depending on the country and age / disabilities surveyed, but typically between 0.1 and 1.5% of the population are considered to have such severe speech language impairments that they have difficulty making themselves understood, and thus could benefit from AAC. An estimated 0.05	0.05	NUM	%	NOUN	%
There was a lot of pressure upon the Secretariat for the smooth performance of these Games, as the IOA would keenly observe the Afro Asian Games, in preparation for the 2010 Commonwealth Games at Delhi, India. Also, officials from Beijing, China - the venue	venue	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
These films included Broadway Melody, which was promoted as the first " all singing, all talking, all dancing " film and had music by Arthur Freed and Nacio Herb Brown, and Berkley's 42nd Street, his first major success. These films established the backstage	backstage	NOUN	musical	ADJ	 musical
It was the first battle in the War in Afghanistan in which Afghan army units were the principal fighting force. Statements from the British Ministry of Defence (MOD) emphasised that the operation was Afghan led, although the ability of Afghan units to function without NATO control	control	NOUN	was	AUX	 was
After a short season, Robinson returned to California in December 1941 to pursue a career as running back for the Los Angeles Bulldogs of the Pacific Coast Football League. By that time, however, the Japanese attack on Pearl Harbor had taken place, drawing the United	United	PROPN	States	PROPN	 States
Wiggins switched his focus to road and moved with his family to the city of Girona in north east Spain, where Garmin – Slipstream were based. He started the season in February by helping the team win the opening team time trial of the Tour of Qatar,	,	PUNCT	crossing	VERB	 crossing
Nevertheless, 12 half eagles ($5 gold coins) were sent from Charlotte to Philadelphia, through enemy lines, in October 1861. They were duly tested by the 1862 Assay Commission, and were found to be correct. In 1864, with the metal nickel	nickel	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
Instead of Yue wandering behind the temple to battle the magical snake, he stays with Zhou and the Abbot, while the other disciples go off to explore. Zhou watches as the Abbot tests Yue's strength by asking him to move an ornate three hundred pound copper	copper	NOUN	stove	NOUN	 stove
Here they were subordinated to Major Rudolf Emil Schnoor, the commander of I. / JG 1. On 15 August 1944, 9. / JG 77 was transferred to reinforce I. / JG 1, becoming 4. / JG 1. In September 1941, Hauptmann Hans	Hans	PROPN	von	PROPN	 von
It was in these years that Bellamy wrote Looking Backward, the work that brought him fame. His principal absences from Chicopee were made in a quest to improve his tubercular health, which eventually claimed his life. The property had only two private owners after the Bellamys	Bellamys	PROPN	before	SCONJ	 before
The rapid deterioration of the economy led to the resignation on 27 March 1930 of the coalition government that had been elected in 1928. A new cabinet was formed, and Paul von Hindenburg used his power as president to govern via emergency decrees. He appointed Heinrich Brüning	Brüning	PROPN	as	ADP	 as
Total cost of the public portion of the project was $34 million, with construction totaling $23.5 million. Prior to completion the city leased space in several downtown buildings, including the county's Public Services Building where Hillsboro also held city council meetings. Later in	in	ADP	2005	NUM	 2005
Women of lower weight are at greater risk from unopposed estrogen. A longer period of fertility — either from an early first menstrual period or late menopause — is also a risk factor. Unopposed estrogen raises an individual's risk of endometrial cancer by 2 – 10 fold	fold	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
Compared with national figures, the town had a relatively low percentage working in agriculture. The census recorded the economic activity of residents aged 16 – 74, 2.6% students were with jobs, 3.2% students without jobs, 4.7% looking after home or family,	,	PUNCT	6.7	NUM	 6.7
Enthiran received positive reviews from critics in India, with praise particularly directed at Rathnavelu's cinematography, Cyril's art direction, Srinivas Mohan's visual effects and Rajinikanth's performance as Chitti. Aniruddha Guha of Daily News and Analysis gave the film a rating of four out	out	ADP	of	ADP	 of
Batting at number six, Crawford scored 44 runs in the first innings and 43 in the second; he took a wicket with his first delivery, bowling Bert Vogler. He was wicketless in the second innings, and bowled inaccurately as the home side recorded a one	one	NUM	wicket	NOUN	 wicket
Runway lights and an Instrument Landing System were installed, making the airport capable of supporting low visibility and night landings under any weather condition. The airport has a 13,700 square meter (147,000 sq ft) main passenger terminal designed to accommodate around 1.2 million passengers annually.	.	PUNCT	Believed	VERB	 Believed
Hebron Church and its cemetery are located east of Carpers Pike (West Virginia Route 259) in the unincorporated community of Intermont, about 3.20 miles (5.15 km) southwest of Yellow Spring, and 5.63 miles (9.06 km) northeast of the town of Wardensville.	.	PUNCT	Capon	PROPN	 Capon
In an interview with the Los Angeles Times, executive producer Jeff Pinkner stated that the first six episodes of the first season were a " prologue " that ended with " The Cure, " and that the following episodes, beginning with " In Which We Meet Mr.	Mr.	PROPN	Jones	PROPN	 Jones
There are 84 elementary level and 47 secondary level music and art schools, as well as 92 schools for disabled children and youth and 74 schools for adults. Nationwide leaving exams (Croatian: državna matura) were introduced for secondary education students in the school year 2009	2009	NUM	–	PUNCT	 –
" Cordray announced his 2008 candidacy for Ohio state attorney general on June 11, 2008. He was endorsed by Ohio Governor Ted Strickland. The vacancy in the office of the attorney general was created by the May 14, 2008, resignation of Marc Dann who was	was	AUX	embroiled	VERB	 embroiled
Bermuda Regiment soldiers and sailors from the Argyll took part in initial cleanup and repairs on the territory, and preliminary assessments revealed that the storm did not compare to the devastation of Hurricane Fabian in 2003. Catastrophe modelling firms estimated that Bermuda suffered up to $400 million	million	NUM	in	ADP	 in
The oldest chick often bears the advantage of larger size and louder voice, which tends to draw the parents attention towards it. Occasionally, as is recorded in many large raptorial birds, the oldest sibling sometimes attacks and kills its younger sibling (s), especially	especially	ADV	early	ADV	 early
He then met Prabhupada in England in September 1969 and was impressed by the acharya's declaration that he was merely " the humble servant of the servant of the servant " of the Hindu god Krishna. In line with Prabhupada's contention that the chanting of Sanskrit mantras	mantras	NOUN	led	VERB	 led
As of 2016, that title is held by Illumination Entertainment's Minions (2015), with US $1.157 billion. The film virtually saved a fledgling Nelvana from going out of business, and was the company's highest grossing venture. It is also among the	the	DET	highest	ADJ	 highest
When Philippe moved to Switzerland, Bozon followed, and was a player for the junior clubs of Genève Servette HC, the Kloten Flyers and HC Lugano. At age 15 Bozon decided he wanted to follow the path of Nino Niederreiter, a fellow Swiss junior player who	who	PRON	had	AUX	 had
According to Leng, Harrison was in the same state of internal conflict over 1972 – 73 as John Lennon had been when writing the song " Help! " in 1965, during his self styled " fat Elvis period ". Music critic Stephen Holden highlighted a similar	similar	ADJ	comparison	NOUN	 comparison
Buffy and her friends discover that chief amongst these experiments is the creation of a human cyber demonoid hybrid known as Adam (George Hertzberg), whose programming has gone terribly wrong, leading him to wreak havoc on the town. Buffy's challenge is to find a	a	DET	way	NOUN	 way
The only photos of the flights of 1904 – 1905 were taken by the brothers. (A few photos were damaged in the Great Dayton Flood of 1913, but most survived intact.) In 1904 Ohio beekeeping businessman Amos Root, a technology enthusiast, saw a	a	DET	few	ADJ	 few
" The Old Chieftain " lingered for days, remaining mentally alert, before dying in the late evening of Saturday, 6 June 1891. Thousands filed by his open casket in the Senate Chamber; his body was transported by funeral train to his hometown of Kingston,	,	PUNCT	with	ADP	 with
After some initial successes against their enemy, they learn that the Asurans have retreated back to the safety of their homeworld to rebuild their numbers. Rodney McKay (David Hewlett) works with Todd, a Wraith prisoner (Brendan Penny, Christopher Heyerdahl) to create a	a	DET	computer	NOUN	 computer
The show centers on FBI special agents Fox Mulder (David Duchovny) and Dana Scully (Gillian Anderson) who work on cases linked to the paranormal, called X Files. Mulder is a believer in the paranormal, while the skeptical Scully has been assigned to debunk	debunk	VERB	his	PRON	 his
The species remained listed on the IUCN Red List of Threatened Species in 2000, categorized as " endangered ". Northern Hemisphere populations are listed as CITES Appendix II, indicating they are not immediately threatened with extinction, but may become so if they are not listed.	.	PUNCT	Populations	NOUN	 Populations
He updated the team's offense by favoring passing and bringing in smaller and quicker players. A rule change allowing unlimited substitutions starting in 1964 helped make this strategy successful; fast running receivers could now be taken out of the game and rested as others replaced them.	.	PUNCT	Parseghian	PROPN	 Parseghian
Banksia verae was renamed Eubanksia by Stephan Endlicher in 1847, and demoted to sectional rank by Carl Meissner in his 1856 classification. Meissner further divided Eubanksia into four series, with B. aemula placed in series Quercinae on the basis of its toothed leaves. When George Bentham	Bentham	PROPN	published	VERB	 published
It was published by NTT Publishing on November 11, 1995 with the catalog number RSS 0001. Romancing SaGa Minstrel Song Original Soundtrack is an arranged album of music from Romancing SaGa Minstrel Song, the 2005 enhanced remake of Romancing SaGa. The tracks were primarily composed by	by	ADP	Kenji	PROPN	 Kenji
On the occasion, he hailed the Post Impressionist French artists Paul Gauguin and Paul Cézanne as the models to follow. He was actively seeking to mend his split with Luchian, and, although he called the painter " inconsistent ", again stated that he found him	him	PRON	to	PART	 to
Upon completion she traveled up the Atlantic coast, down the St. Lawrence River, across Lake Ontario, through the Welland Canal and finally across Lake Erie in an uneventful trip that took 14 days. She was met 3 miles (4.8 km) out of the harbor	harbor	NOUN	by	ADP	 by
In its original American broadcast on March 10, 1993, " A Dog and Pony Show " was watched by 8.47 million households, according to Nielsen Media Research, earning the episode a 9.1 rating. This constituted an increase in viewership compared to the previous week's	's	PART	episode	NOUN	 episode
It is conjectured that e is normal, meaning that when e is expressed in any base the possible digits in that base are uniformly distributed (occur with equal probability in any sequence of given length). The exponential function ex may be written as a Taylor series	series	NOUN	<	PROPN	 <
If PHP has no module support for a web server, it can always be used as a Common Gateway Interface (CGI) or FastCGI processor; in that case, the web server is configured to use PHP's CGI executable to process all requests to PHP files	files	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
Hooker gave credit to his stepfather, Will Moore, who taught him the rhythm of " Boogie Chillen ' " (" chillen ' " is a phonetical approximation of Hooker's pronunciation of " children ") when he was a teenager. Some of the song's	's	PART	lyrics	NOUN	 lyrics
Wollstonecraft's text resembles conventional conduct books in promoting self control and submission, traits that were supposed to attract a husband. Yet at the same time, the text challenges this portrait of the " proper lady " by introducing strains of religious Dissent that promote equality of	of	ADP	the	DET	 the
– Harrison is free! " According to Colin Larkin, writing in the 2011 edition of his Encyclopedia of Popular Music, All Things Must Pass is " generally rated " as the best of all the former Beatles ' solo albums. During the final year of his	his	PRON	life	NOUN	 life
Banks claims to still have a Mellotron in storage, but doesn't feel inclined to use it as he generally prefers to use up to date technology. Barclay James Harvest's Woolly Wolstenholme bought an M300 primarily to use for string sounds, and continued to play the	the	DET	instrument	NOUN	 instrument
From this start at exit 111, the freeway proceeds northward through a suburban residential area next to a baseball field complex. As I 475 continues northward, it has an interchange with Hill Road near the Crestwood Memorial Gardens cemetery and several commercial properties. North of the	the	DET	Maple	PROPN	 Maple
General manager Doug Hamilton said that the team had a mission " to compete for and win championships ", and that " a more entertaining and attractive product on the field. " was needed. Schmid left with an overall record of 79 – 53 – 32 with	with	ADP	a	DET	 a
In addition, with their arrival in Austria, both Button and Alonso had used up their quota of engine components for the season, which combined with unscheduled gearbox changes, resulted in both drivers receiving twenty five place grid penalties. The team also introduced their first major	major	ADJ	aerodynamic	ADJ	 aerodynamic
At one time, US 4 overlapped with NY 32 from Waterford to Northumberland with no interruption in between. The concurrency was split into two shorter overlaps when US 4 was realigned in the 1950s to follow its current alignment between Bemis Heights and Schuylerville. The portion of	of	ADP	US	PROPN	 US
Swanberg and cinematographer Ben Richardson decided to shoot on 35 mm film rather than digitally, as most of Swanberg's previous films had been made. They decided to shoot on film, Richardson said, because " there is a certain visual integrity to a film derived image	image	NOUN	that	PRON	 that
The earliest surviving church in Bristol is St James ' Priory in Horsefair, Whitson Street. It was founded in 1129, as a Benedictine priory, by Robert Rufus. The 12th century also saw the founding of All Saints and St Philip and Jacob churches. Temple	Temple	PROPN	Church	PROPN	 Church
The instability of Rn (VIII) is due to the relativistic stabilization of the 6s shell, also known as the inert pair effect. Radon has no stable isotopes. Thirty six radioactive isotopes have been characterized, with atomic masses ranging from 193 to 228. The	The	DET	most	ADV	 most
They have puffed out or hanging cheeks, closed eyes and are of indeterminate gender. Local style sculptures are generally boulders carved into zoomorphic shapes, including three dimensional representations of frogs, toads and crocodilians. The Cargador del Ancestro (" Ancestor Carrier ") consists of	of	ADP	four	NUM	 four
She warned Uttanka that Takshaka, the king of Nagas (serpents), was after the divine earrings and he should therefore take guard against him. After Uttanka had met the queen, he was invited to dine with the king. The food was cold and had	had	VERB	a	DET	 a
With restrictions on DDT use in the US from 1972, its population has recovered, and it was delisted in 2009. The Peruvian pelican is listed as Near Threatened because, although the population is estimated by BirdLife International to exceed 500,000 mature individuals, and is possibly	possibly	ADV	increasing	VERB	 increasing
Palloy had an altar set up on the site in February 1790, formed out of iron chains and restraints from the prison. Old bones, probably of 15th century soldiers, were discovered during the clearance work in April and, presented as the skeletons of former prisoners	prisoners	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
The route begins at Highway 62 in Bloomfield and travels east to the Collins Bay Road junction at Collins Bay in the city of Kingston, a distance of 60.9 kilometres (37.8 mi). The highway continues farther east into Kingston as Bath Road (Kingston Road 33	33	NUM	)	PUNCT	)
A karaoke version of the album, with a yellow background, was released in April 2008. The recording debuted at number 51 on the Asociación Mexicana de Productores de Fonogramas y Videogramas Mexican Album Chart in October 2007 and climbed to the top position 21 weeks later;	;	PUNCT	it	PRON	 it
The southernmost segment of the mail route provided a direct link between Memphis and Randolph and connected the villages on the Mississippi River along the way for travel and trade purposes. The exact course of the mail line segment between Randolph and Memphis is unknown. A fragment of	of	ADP	the	DET	 the
In an attempt to conceal the planned attack, Polish diplomats accepted the proposal to negotiate. The negotiations started on September 16 in Kalvarija, but collapsed just two days later. The League of Nations began its session on September 16, 1920. After reports by Lithuanian	Lithuanian	ADJ	representative	NOUN	 representative
Final Fantasy Gaiden: Seiken Densetsu Sound Collections is a soundtrack album of music from Final Fantasy Adventure combining its soundtrack album and arranged album. The music was composed by Kenji Ito, while the arranged tracks, which comprise the first seven tracks of this album, were	were	AUX	arranged	VERB	 arranged
The Famous Five and South Stands are the oldest part of the present stadium, built in 1995. Each stand has two tiers, a cantilevered roof and a capacity of nearly 4,000. To keep within the boundaries of the site, the upper deck of each stand	stand	NOUN	angles	VERB	 angles
Hands should also be wetted before touching them.) Wild Murray cod populations across their range suffer extremely severe infestations of Lernaea or " anchor worm ", a parasitic copepod vectored by introduced carp and that burrows into the skin of Murray cod. Lernaea puncture wounds are	are	AUX	often	ADV	 often
He wrote that " ' Fionna and Cake ' was reminiscent of the series ' earlier episodes, in regards to its bright animation, well paced plot, music, its successful blend of fantasy action and comedy, and its focus on character based drama. As a	a	DET	result	NOUN	 result
Because people are motivated to use as little cognitive resources as possible stereotypes and the connotations attached to them, such as threat perceptions of blacks, last as the most readily available and most easily comprehensible explanation. In a White majority, the perceptual system may be more	more	ADV	sensitive	ADJ	 sensitive
They were joined by the Cumans, a Turkic people who owned an expansive khanate stretching from Lake Balkhash to the Black Sea. The Cumans also convinced the Volga Bulgars and Khazars to join. The Cuman Khan, Koten, placed his army under the command of his	his	PRON	brother	NOUN	 brother
He wrote another script for the series shortly after his departure from The Killing, thanks in part to the support of the production company Anonymous Content. Pizzolatto did not hire a writing staff at this point because he believed such an approach would not yield the desired result	result	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
" These observations were among the earliest anyone made concerning the threat French expansion posed to the English, and some of his suggestions were ultimately adopted as policy. He actively promoted the idea of expansionist trade on the frontier with other colonial governors, including Bellomont of New	New	PROPN	York	PROPN	 York
Higgins has been heavily involved with non profit organizations. She is chairman and CEO of Independent Women's Voice, a 501 (c) (4) social welfare organization, chairman of the Independent Women's Forum, co founder of the Alliance For Charitable Reform,	,	PUNCT	and	CCONJ	 and
" Ted Kennedy delivered a eulogy at Robert's funeral, which included the oft quoted: My brother need not be idealized, or enlarged in death beyond what he was in life; to be remembered simply as a good and decent man, who saw wrong and	and	CCONJ	tried	VERB	 tried
Small pigs are weaker and are easily vanquished by direct hits or by debris from the damaged structures, while larger pigs are able to withstand more damage before succumbing to defeat. In addition, some pigs wear hats or armor, making them even more resistant to damage	damage	VERB	.	PUNCT	.
The series was filled with controversy, starting with the exclusion of top Canadian player Bobby Hull and including disputes over officiating, dirty play on the part of both teams and the deliberate injury of Kharlamov by Clarke in game six. From the beginning of the IIHF World	World	PROPN	Championships	PROPN	 Championships
The preamble to the decrees that were passed at the diet mentioned " the laxity of the lord king ". The decrees authorized Andrew to destroy forts built without permission and ordered the punishment of those who had seized landed property with force, but also threatened Andrew with	with	ADP	excommunication	NOUN	 excommunication
Naruto, Sakura, and the new members of Team 7 use this intelligence to track Sasuke down, but they are once again unable to prevent him from escaping. While disappointed in their failure, Team 7 tries once again to find Sasuke, though after almost apprehending	apprehending	VERB	him	PRON	 him
Conversely, fashion designer Donatella Versace, a friend of Carey's, told Vogue that she thought Carey's singing and Wale's rapping complimented each other on the song, describing it as " poetry ", and that it made her want to get up and dance	dance	VERB	"	PUNCT	 "
A photograph of Fauxlivia wearing a gold medal in marksmanship is shown, proving that unlike the prime universe, the parallel universe has that particular event in their Olympic Games. The radio in Henry's taxi can be heard mentioning former president John F. Kennedy is stepping down	down	ADP	from	ADP	 from
Moon Bloodgood as Blair Williams, a " no nonsense and battle hardened " pilot of the Resistance who suffers from survivor's guilt and serves as a romantic interest for Marcus. McG characterizes her as continuing the feminine strength that has been prominent throughout the franchise. Bryce	Bryce	PROPN	Dallas	PROPN	 Dallas
In the December national elections, the opposition Awami League gained a landslide victory, gaining 160 of the 162 East Pakistani seats. Continuing unrest between East Pakistanis and the central government trigged the Bangladesh Liberation War, which concluded with the creation of the state of Bangladesh.	.	PUNCT	This	PRON	 This
Its investors also included Virginia's Royal Governor, Robert Dinwiddie, who appointed Washington a major in the provincial militia in February 1753. The Ohio Country was occupied by a variety of Indian tribes that were nominally under the suzerainty of the Iroquois Confederacy based in what is	is	AUX	now	ADV	 now
Battle reports thus became one of the toughest challenges for the team, and went through several iterations to get right. The development team also found it difficult to write dialogue that would keep the game exciting without the player actually participating in or even witnessing the battles.	.	PUNCT	Not	PART	 Not
Many people wrote letters to the TSO and some even cancelled their subscriptions. For its part, the TSO board blamed the newly established Canadian television for the unprecedented decline in subscriptions. A letter to the editor of Toronto Daily Star called the firing " an offence against	against	ADP	Canadian	ADJ	 Canadian
Intercepting IAF pilots relied frequently on VHF radio, in hopes of preserving their tactical communications and links to the command post. Selective airborne communications jamming disrupted the airwaves for the MiG 21s and MiG 23s and cut them off from ground control, making them vulnerable to AWACS	AWACS	PROPN	directed	VERB	 directed
At the end of the fourth day's play the Australian Board of Control for Cricket sent the following cable to the MCC in London: Bodyline bowling has assumed such proportions as to menace the best interests of the game, making protection of the body by the batsman	batsman	NOUN	the	DET	 the
Named for the 16th century Genoese admiral Andrea Doria, she was the third and final ship of the Ruggiero di Lauria class. The ship was armed with a main battery of four 17 inch (432 mm) guns, was protected with 17.75 inch (451 mm	mm	NUM	)	PUNCT	)
A large Senators flag was draped on the City Hall, along with a large video screen showing the games. A six story likeness of Daniel Alfredsson was hung on the Corel building and the Senators organization held rallies at City Hall, and car rallies of decorated cars	cars	NOUN	paraded	VERB	 paraded
In this region, it was certified gold by the International Federation of the Phonographic Industry (IFPI) for selling 15,000 units. In the French speaking Wallonia region of Belgium, the song peaked atop the Ultratop chart for two weeks, and spent a total of 26	26	NUM	weeks	NOUN	 weeks
Hiroshima was bombed on August 6, and Nagasaki three days later leaving 129,000 – 246,000 dead. Japan agreed to surrender the following day. Supporters of Truman's decision argue that, given the tenacious Japanese defense of the outlying islands, the bombings saved hundreds of thousands	thousands	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
He founded the Gestapo in 1933, and later gave command of it to Heinrich Himmler. Göring was appointed commander in chief of the Luftwaffe (air force) in 1935, a position he held until the final days of World War II. By 1940, he	he	PRON	was	AUX	 was
The players could work for the government, and the work allowed the players to play for the team. Meanwhile, in the United States, the International Hockey League was paying players. In response to this, the ECAHA, while still having several purely amateur teams	teams	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
The Dalai Lama has held an event at the band shell and rallies celebrating the National Basketball Association championships by the Chicago Bulls occurred at the band shell. In 1998, at a Grant Park Music Festival performance, the miniature prototype of the Talaske designed audio system that	that	PRON	would	AUX	 would
The Food and Drug Administration must rely on its Adverse Event Reporting System to monitor adverse events that occur with supplements. In 2007, the US Code of Federal Regulations (CFR) Title 21, part III took effect, regulating GMP practices in the manufacturing, packaging	packaging	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
The resulting cladogram follows below: Descriptions of the thylacine vary, as evidence is restricted to preserved joey specimens, fossil records, skins and skeletal remains, black and white photographs and film of the animal in captivity, and accounts from the field. The thylacine held	held	VERB	the	DET	 the
As can be seen at the Behistun Inscription, Darius believed that Ahura Mazda had appointed him to rule the Achaemenid Empire. Darius had dualistic convictions and believed that each rebellion in his kingdom was the work of druj, the enemy of Asha. Darius believed that because	because	SCONJ	he	PRON	 he
From here north to the terminus in Mottville, M 103 parallels the St. Joseph River running through farmlands. South of town, it runs past the Mottville Township Cemetery. Between John and Water streets, M 103 intersects and ends at US 12. The highway has	has	AUX	not	PART	 not
In June, Napoli and the rest of the 1st Division was stationed at Rhodes. Over the next two months, the ships cruised in the Aegean to prevent the Turks from attempting to launch their own amphibious operations to retake the islands Italy had seized in May.	.	PUNCT	The	DET	 The
Blake thinks that Richard was the author, but he considers the evidence to be inconclusive. Janet Fairweather, a classicist and a recent translator of the Liber, suggests that it may have been written by someone other than the traditional candidates. Whoever the author, the	the	DET	Liber	PROPN	 Liber
On the other hand, the various subsets are also part of the innate immune system, as restricted TCR or NK receptors may be used as pattern recognition receptors. For example, large numbers of human Vγ9 / Vδ2 T cells respond within hours to common molecules produced	produced	VERB	by	ADP	 by
The PlayStation version features hidden " mirror " version of the tracks. It becomes a " mirror image " of itself; left turns become right turns and vice versa, and the surroundings switch sides of the road. At JAMMA's 1992 Amusement Machine Show in Japan	Japan	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
WASP 15 is an F type star located in the Hydra constellation. It is located approximately 308 parsecs (1,004 light years) from Earth and has an apparent magnitude of 10.9, making it invisible to the unaided eye. The star is 1.18 times more massive than	than	ADP	the	DET	 the
In an interview, fellow cast member Kristen Stewart talked about Lautner's transformation saying, " He's an entirely different person physically. " In late March 2009, Summit Entertainment released a list of the actors who would be portraying the " wolf pack " alongside Lautner	Lautner	PROPN	.	PUNCT	.
The church closed that year after problems that including money laundering by the church leaders led to the bankrupting of the church. In 1995, Dammasch State Hospital was closed by the state of Oregon, and the site was then proposed as a location for what became the	the	DET	Coffee	PROPN	 Coffee
Other signings included two of Taylor's former players at Burton, defender Tony Parry and goalkeeper Les Green; Parry would go on to win the club's Player of the Year award. The pair went on to lead the club to an eighth place finish in the	the	DET	Fourth	PROPN	 Fourth
Rebbachisauridae is the basalmost family within the superfamily Diplodocoidea, which also contains the long necked diplodocids and the short necked dicraeosaurids. The subfamily Nigersaurinae, which includes Nigersaurus and closely related genera, was named by John A. Whitlock in 2011. Below is a cladogram following an	an	DET	analysis	NOUN	 analysis
The Pleasance was eventually dismantled by Henry VIII and partially moved into the left hand court inside the castle itself, possibly to add to the anachronistic appearance. These elements were finally destroyed in the 1650s. Kenilworth Castle was founded in the early 1120s by Geoffrey de Clinton	Clinton	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
As his knowledge and confidence increased Jan began to go out into the countryside by himself, exploring the hills and valleys which surrounded him. Later, as an older boy, his chief responsibility was as a herd — first of the pigs and poultry in the farmyard	farmyard	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
Approximately the westernmost one third of the Catlins area lies in the Southland District, based in Invercargill, 50 km (31 mi) to the west of Fortrose. One of the council's 12 elected members represents the Toetoes Ward, which contains this part of the	the	DET	Catlins	PROPN	 Catlins
The best known exposition of Chinese character composition is the Shuowen Jiezi, compiled by Xu Shen around 120 AD. Since Xu Shen did not have access to Chinese characters in their earliest forms, his analysis can not always be taken as authoritative. Nonetheless, no later	later	ADJ	work	NOUN	 work
Urey contributed a science article to The Scientific Monthly on Irving Langmuir, who invented atomic hydrogen welding in 1911 by utilizing 300 to 650 volts of electricity and tungsten filaments, and won the 1932 Nobel Prize in Chemistry for his work in surface chemistry. At Columbia,	,	PUNCT	Urey	PROPN	 Urey
" Around this time, the band also released " Alive with the Glory of Love " as a single. Alex Kent joined the band to play bass guitar after the band met him while touring with Lance's Hero. Jake and Jeff Turner joined to play guitar	guitar	NOUN	and	CCONJ	 and
Boydell offered Reynolds carte blanche for his paintings, giving him a down payment of £500, an extraordinary amount for an artist who had not even agreed to do a specific work. Boydell eventually paid him a total of £1,500. There are 96 illustrations in	in	ADP	the	DET	 the
Once the entire quartet had composed songs, they entered studios in Brooklyn and East St. Louis throughout 2009 and 2010, recording songs with live vocals in one or two takes, crowding around a single microphone. The group attempted to have the recordings ready for a 2011	2011	NUM	release	NOUN	 release
Sir Henry Rew, a leading authority on agricultural economics, a former assistant secretary at the Ministry of Agriculture, Fisheries and Food and president of the Royal Statistical Society (1920 – 1922) died at his home in the village on 7 April 1929. In January	January	PROPN	2007	NUM	 2007
John visited Pope Innocent III in Rome. The pope donated 40,000 marks for the defence of the Holy Land, stipulating that John could spend the money only with the consent of the Latin Patriarch of Jerusalem and the grand masters of the Knights Templar and the Knights Hospitaller	Hospitaller	PROPN	.	PUNCT	.
In August 1942, Roosevelt appointed Conant to the Rubber Survey Committee. Chaired by Bernard M. Baruch, a trusted adviser and confidant of Roosevelt, the committee was tasked with reviewing the synthetic rubber program. Corporations used patent laws to restrict competition and stifle innovation. When	When	SCONJ	the	DET	 the
A group of bootleggers smuggle Canadian Club whisky from boats into the United States but two men in ski masks later ambush their trucks and hold them at gunpoint. The scene then cuts to three days prior, as Atlantic County treasurer Enoch " Nucky " Thompson delivers the	the	DET	keynote	ADJ	 keynote
He compiled another 8 sacks the following year as he split time with fellow defensive end John Washington. During the 1989 season Marshall collected 9.5 sacks, with the Giants losing in the first round of the playoffs that year to the Los Angeles Rams. Marshall later described	described	VERB	the	DET	 the
Deteriorating habitats have hindered the recovery of rhino populations that fell victim to poaching. Even with all the conservation efforts, the prospects for their survival are grim. Because the population is restricted to one small area, they are very susceptible to disease and inbreeding depression.	.	PUNCT	Conservation	NOUN	 Conservation
He led the league in fielding among second basemen in 1950 and 1951. Toward the end of his career, he played about 2,000 innings at third base and about 1,175 innings in the outfield, excelling at both. Assessing himself, Robinson said, " I'm	'm	AUX	not	PART	 not
However, overdose is a relatively minor problem; for example, only 0.08% of the UK population present with paracetamol overdose each year. In contrast, paracetamol is a safe and effective medication that is taken without complications by millions of people. In addition, alternative	alternative	ADJ	pain	NOUN	 pain
Roger Ebert gave the film one out of four stars, criticizing its visuals, plot, characters, and dialogue. Richard Roeper likewise panned the film, giving it a D and responded that " rarely has a movie had less of a soul and less interesting characters	characters	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
In that country, as of 2014 it was estimated that 52,630 women were diagnosed yearly and 8,590 would die from the disease. Northern Europe, Eastern Europe, and North America have the highest rates of endometrial cancer, whereas Africa and West Asia have the lowest rates	rates	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
Near Custer, US 10 crosses into the Manistee National Forest. The trunkline continues eastward through the forest passing north of the community of Walhalla. At Branch, it crosses out of Mason County and enters Lake County, jogging to the southeast through town. South of	of	ADP	Long	PROPN	 Long
A rotunda was built at the centre of the old Market Field (now West Smithfield), comprising gardens, a fountain and a ramped carriageway to the station beneath the market building. Further buildings were subsequently added to the market. The General Market, built between	between	ADP	1879	NUM	 1879
The Germans responded by sending reinforcements to Africa through Vichy held Tunisia, but by the start of 1943 they were suffering increasing shipping losses to Malta's forces. Some respite was won for the Axis when the Allies lost the " Run for Tunis " in part owing	owing	VERB	to	ADP	 to
On 7 January 1727 Mist's Weekly Journal satirised the matter, making several allusions to political change, and comparing the affair to the events of 1641 when Parliament began its revolution against King Charles I. The scandal provided the writers of Grub Street with enough material to produce	produce	VERB	pamphlets	NOUN	 pamphlets
He was perhaps survived by two sons. Domnall was one of two recorded sons of Muirchertach Ua Briain, High King of Ireland (died 1119); the other being Mathgamain (died 1129). Domnall was a member of the Uí Briain, a branch of	of	ADP	the	DET	 the
Both are portrayed by voice actors, not the actual wrestlers themselves. The South Park boys host a " W.T.F. Smackdown " event, a reference to the WWE SmackDown television program. Also noted, Token's W.T.F attire is resembled to the attire of WWE wrestler R	R	NOUN	Truth	PROPN	 Truth
The disassociation meant that Michigan could not accept donations or recruiting assistance from any of the players for ten years. Webber's sanction ended on May 8, 2013. The NCAA criticized Fisher for allowing Martin access to the program, but did not sanction him. The	The	DET	University	PROPN	 University
The English version of the song was featured in both the Japanese and North American versions of the game. In addition to the theme song, violinist Taro Hakase co composed, arranged, and performed the game's ending credits theme, Symphonic Poem " Hope ",	,	PUNCT	along	ADP	 along
Orton's split from the group was cemented when he lost a handicap match against both Rhodes and DiBiase on Raw and showed increasing signs of becoming a fan favorite. This led to a Triple Threat Match between all three members at WrestleMania XXVI, where Rhodes and DiBiase	DiBiase	PROPN	proclaimed	VERB	 proclaimed
Despite the damage her crew continued to fire back until she ceased firing at 4: 47. Sturdee was ready to order ' Cease fire ' at 5: 15 when an ammunition hoist was freed up and she made her last shot. The British continued to pound	pound	VERB	her	PRON	 her
Oils and chemicals were removed for re use or disposal and storage tanks were flushed out. Methanol was removed from hydrogen production plants on site, along with bottled propane used for welding. The remaining coal in the coal storage area was dispatched to operating power stations in	in	ADP	other	ADJ	 other
That series ' co creator, Paul Feig, has directed several episodes of The Office, including " Email Surveillance ". Kaling used her own Indian cultural background as inspiration when writing the episode, which portrays the Indian festival of Diwali. She and her friend,	,	PUNCT	My	PRON	 My
The majority of the population neither read nor wrote well. On the other hand, the few who could enter the university were given an education which was heavily theoretical and used memorization as the primary learning technique. Scholasticism, which was in decline in these times,	,	PUNCT	was	AUX	 was
He believed the taxation of alcohol spread the burdens of taxation unfairly, especially as concerned his constituents, who included several distillers. He also believed the income tax, first enacted during the Civil War, was being administered unfairly, with large refunds often accruing to powerful	powerful	ADJ	business	NOUN	 business
The city is also a center for medical device manufacturing, since Flagstaff is home to W. L. Gore and Associates. In 1855 Samuel Clark Hudson had been a surveyor for building the Santa Fe Railroad through Colorado, New Mexico and Arizona. Out by themselves with a	a	DET	team	NOUN	 team
I would like to mention and appreciate the contribution and support of the Chinese in helping us acquire a technological breakthrough in the shape of this aircraft. " According to Pakistani forums, No 27 Squadron " Zarrars " replaced its Mirage 5EF with JF 17 in 2013.	.	PUNCT	No	DET	 No
The play transferred to the Duchess Theatre in May 1960 and ran for 444 performances, receiving an Evening Standard Award for best play of 1960. Large radio and television audiences for his one act play A Night Out, along with the popularity of his revue sketches,	,	PUNCT	propelled	VERB	 propelled
Despite its name, and common association with Islington, the grounds of the inn and all of the western edge of Islington High Street were in neighbouring Clerkenwell. By 1630, the inn was owned by William Riplingham, officer of the Great Wardrobe. Riplingham built an	an	DET	extension	NOUN	 extension
" PopMatters ' Bill Gibron wrote that, as a villain, Gothel " can ’ t compete with traditional House of Mouse miscreants like Maleficent or Cruella de Vil. " Alison Gang of U T San Diego felt that Gothel was an " annoying " character at times	times	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
While no diamond transistors have yet been successfully integrated into commercial electronics, they are promising for use in exceptionally high power situations and hostile non oxidizing environments. Synthetic diamond is already used as radiation detection device. It is radiation hard and has a wide bandgap of 5.5	5.5	NUM	eV	NUM	 eV
" Some commentators called for the closure of the site unless an acceptable solution to the controversy was found. In 2003 Israel's Supreme Court upheld the ban on non Orthodox worship at the Wall and the government responded by allocating Robinson's Arch for such purposes. But	But	CCONJ	in	ADP	 in
Heavy fighting followed the initial landing and, within five days, half of Weir's battalion had been killed or wounded. The Australian and New Zealand advance inland from Anzac Cove was subsequently checked by the defending Ottoman forces and was eventually contained in a small beachhead inside	inside	ADP	a	DET	 a
With a capacity for 5,500 spectators, the hall also features a 25 meter swimming pool and telecommunications installations. Opened in 1993 and costing 134.6 million Norwegian krone (NOK), it was built for the 1994 Winter Olympics, where it hosted 16 ice hockey matches.	.	PUNCT	It	PRON	 It
The Greek writer of the Periplus of the Erythraean Sea referred to a place called Baraca, which has been interpreted as present day Dwarka. A reference made in Ptolemy's Geography identified Barake as an island in the Gulf of Kanthils, which has also been inferred to	to	PART	mean	VERB	 mean
When first approved, the extension of I 70 from Denver to Cove Fort was criticized in some area newspapers as a road to nowhere; an information liaison specialist with the U.S. Department of Transportation in Baltimore, Maryland — the eastern terminus of I 70 — claims people	people	NOUN	have	AUX	 have
By 1372 the office had passed — probably by marriage — to the Kennedy family of Dunure. The 17th century genealogical compilation known as Ane Accompt of the Genealogie of the Campbells by Robert Duncanson, minister of Campbeltown, claimed that " Efferic " (i.e. Affraic or	or	CCONJ	Afraig	PROPN	 Afraig
Based on analyses of fruit bodies collected in Portugal, there are 367 kilocalories per 100 grams of bolete (as dry weight). The macronutrient composition of 100 grams of dried bolete includes 17.9 grams of protein, 72.8 grams of carbohydrates, and 0.4 grams of fat	fat	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
Afterwards, she refused to eat until her parents ultimately relented. Roekiah performed regularly afterwards with the troupe. By 1932, the year she joined Palestina Opera in Batavia (modern day Jakarta), Roekiah had become a well known stage actress and singer of kroncong music	music	PROPN	(	PUNCT	 (
Also included in the plan is an outline for raising awareness about human trafficking across Canada. The plan specifically mentions TruckSTOP, a campaign of Persons Against the Crime of Trafficking in Humans Ottawa, as being integral to the plan. According to the plan, the CBSA	CBSA	PROPN	is	AUX	 is
During the award ceremony speech by Sture Allén, Permanent Secretary of the Swedish Academy, Burger's Daughter was cited as one of Gordimer's novels in which " artistry and morality fuse ". In 2001 the novel was named one of South Africa's top 10 books	books	NOUN	in	ADP	 in
Del Rey's performance of the track at a date at the House of Blues in Boston on May 6, 2014, was viewed by Reed as " loose, freewheeling sensuality as sun kissed as the California lifestyle [the song] evokes ". Her rendition of	of	ADP	"	PUNCT	 "
Common names include " queen conch " and " pink conch " in English, caracol rosa and caracol rosado in Mexico, caracol de pala, cobo, botuto and guarura in Venezuela, caracol reina, lambí in the Dominican Republic, and carrucho in Puerto Rico.	.	PUNCT	The	DET	 The
Those that participated or were present included Chief of the French General Staff, Marshal of France Marie Émile Fayolle, Newfoundland Colonial Secretary John Bennett, Lieutenant Generals Aylmer Hunter Weston and Beauvoir De Lisle, Major General D. E. Cayley and former regimental commanding officers Lieutenant Colonel Arthur	Arthur	PROPN	Lovell	PROPN	 Lovell
In 2011, a music video for the song leaked onto the internet made from official footage that was never finished. Other songs were released as regional radio only singles. " Things I'll Never Say " was released as a radio only single in Italy. "	"	PUNCT	Unwanted	PROPN	 Unwanted
Varina Davis, who had taken another boat to Brierfield, met him on the river, and he finally received some medical care; two doctors came aboard further south and found he had acute bronchitis complicated by malaria. They arrived in New Orleans three days later,	,	PUNCT	and	CCONJ	 and
Between 1893 and 1897, the years when Bauer and Nold were also in the Western Penitentiary for their part in the assassination attempt, the three men surreptitiously produced 60 issues of a hand written anarchist newsletter by transferring their work from cell to cell. They managed to	to	PART	send	VERB	 send
According to the story, the three prototypes remained unused in the Dornier factory in Lowental for almost six months, until Flight Captain Untucht of Luft Hansa came across them. After receiving permission to fly one of the machines, he proceeded to put it through an almost	almost	ADV	stunt	NOUN	 stunt
The oldest brain to have been discovered was in Armenia in the Areni 1 cave complex. The brain, estimated to be over 5,000 years old, was found in the skull of a 12 to 14 year old girl. Although the brains were shriveled, they were	were	AUX	well	ADV	 well
Only fifteen members voted for this resolution, but all twenty signed it. The Germans broke their promise and did not recognize the state and did not invite its delegation to the negotiations of Treaty of Brest Litovsk. Lithuanians, including those living abroad, disapproved of the	the	DET	December	PROPN	 December
The tour, like the album it supported, was commercially successful but critically panned. The critical failure of the album and tour were factors that led Bowie to look for a new way to motivate himself creatively, leading him to create the band Tin Machine in 1989	1989	NUM	and	CCONJ	 and
Since its airing, " Goodbye, Michael " was met with critical acclaim and is considered one of the best episodes of The Office by critics and fans. Cindy White of IGN said that overall the episode was " one of those historic television moments ". She	She	PRON	went	VERB	 went
Spence Dookey of IGN gave the album a 6.9 out of 10 and said that " Milian glistens most brightly on the tracks that are the most stripped down, such as ' Gon na Tell Everybody ' ". He said given the nature of the style of music	music	NOUN	Milian	PROPN	 Milian
She displaced 904 metric tons (890 long tons; 996 short tons) normally. Her propulsion system consisted of a pair of horizontal triple expansion steam engines, each driving a single screw propeller, with steam supplied by four coal fired locomotive boilers. Specific figures for	for	ADP	Euridice	PROPN	 Euridice
Between these two structures is an older free standing wall. This wall has a westward facing mosaic frieze that bears damaged and now headless depictions of Kinich Ahau, the sun god. 1B 5 lies to the north of the Acropolis Plaza, at the south eastern corner	corner	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
He was then posted to the Jagdfliegerschule (Fighter Pilot School) at Werneuchen, under the command of Oberst (Colonel) Theodor Osterkamp. Since July 1938, he served as a Staffeloffizier (squadron officer) with the Stab of I. Gruppe (1st group) of	of	ADP	Jagdgeschwader	PROPN	 Jagdgeschwader
Slant Magazine's Fernando F. Croce felt the film was " part marauding animal horror movie, part Afterschool Special, [and] part tragic sardonic agitprop " B movie that is " searing confrontation of the irrationality of prejudice ". In The Magic Hour: Film at	at	ADP	Fin	PROPN	 Fin
However, re engineering an existing manufacturing process can be costly. Certification usually leads to increased revenues by opening up additional markets to Jews who keep kosher, Muslims who keep halal, Seventh day Adventists who keep the main laws of Kosher Diet, vegetarians, and the	the	DET	lactose	ADJ	 lactose
The Iowa bound bridge opened in 1935; the Illinois bridge in 1958. In addition to replacing the bridges, the scope of the bi state coalition's plan includes updating 7 miles (11 km) of I 74 mainline and interchanges from 53rd Street in Davenport to	to	ADP	the	DET	 the
" [A] Pioneer and a Menace " in her youth, Dame Musset has reached " a witty and learned Fifty "; she rescues women in distress, dispenses wisdom, and upon her death is elevated to sainthood. Also appearing pseudonymously are Élisabeth de Gramont	Gramont	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
He made several visits to Eastern Europe and to China, where he also advised governments. He was also for many years a Trustee of the Philadelphia Society. According to a 2007 article in Commentary magazine, his " parents were moderately observant [Jews], but	but	CCONJ	Friedman	PROPN	 Friedman
Tancredo responded to the draft efforts by stating that he would only start a campaign if a candidate already in the race did not extensively address the issue of Immigration and stay committed to conservative principles. After Tancredo's announcement on April 2, 2007, he immediately began	began	VERB	campaigning	VERB	 campaigning
The 15th and 16th centuries saw a small number of English and occasional Welsh castles develop still grander keeps. The first of these large tower keeps were built in the north of England during the 14th century, at locations such as Warkworth. They were probably partially inspired	inspired	VERB	by	ADP	 by
Originally word final * n turned into / ŋ /; if * n was originally followed by a vowel that later dropped, it remained unchanged, e.g. * kʰen became / xiŋ /, but * kʰoina became / xɔin /. After i breaking, * [ʃ	ʃ	X	]	PUNCT	]
The Mercer exit on I 5 was partially opened in November 1963, with the northbound ramps open to traffic and the southbound ramps remaining closed until 1968. A design team led by Perry Johanson was formed in 1966 for the Bay Freeway project, intending to blend the	the	DET	freeway	NOUN	 freeway
Although the Japanese were slow to move inland, a party of 60 soldiers subsequently destroyed the NGVR stores dump at Komiatum on 18 March before returning to Salamaua. Around Lae the Japanese remained confined to the township over the following weeks, focusing on making the airfield operational	operational	ADJ	and	CCONJ	 and
Yuki did historical research for Godchild, traveling to London, England, and visiting seven historical sites: Westminster Abbey, Big Ben, the Tower of London, Windsor Castle, the British Museum, Thames River, and Hyde Park. Because of the gap of several	several	ADJ	years	NOUN	 years
Some missions were also flown by the Royal Jordanian Air Force, but most of the Jordanian Hunters were destroyed on the ground on the first day of the Six Day War. Replacement Hunters for Jordanian service were acquired from both Britain and Saudi Arabia in the war's	's	PART	aftermath	NOUN	 aftermath
He was a Colonel of the Royal Marines and voted a Freeman of Bath, Salisbury, Exeter, Plymouth, Monmouth, Sandwich, Oxford, Hereford, and Worcester. The University of Oxford, in full Congregation, bestowed the honorary degree of Doctor of Civil Law	Law	PROPN	upon	SCONJ	 upon
The U.S. claims on the vast Spanish territories west of the Sabine River into Santa Fe de Nuevo México province (New Mexico). During the Mexican War of Independence from 1810 – 1821, Texas experienced much turmoil. Governor Manuel María de Salcedo was overthrown by rebels	rebels	NOUN	in	ADP	 in
And it's only natural that she'll let him know what she thinks. I always did that for Ronnie, and I always will. " In October 1987, a mammogram detected a lesion in Reagan's left breast and she was subsequently diagnosed with breast cancer	cancer	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
" By early afternoon, the 2 / 31st Infantry Battalion reached the Lae airfield where it killed 15 Japanese soldiers and captured one. The 25th Infantry Brigade then came under fire from the 9th Division's 25 pounders, wounding one soldier. Vasey and Eather tried every	every	DET	available	ADJ	 available
It was her best doubles result since 2009. It was the first time since 2008 that an unseeded pair won the Australian Open doubles title. Kuznetsova was seeded 26th at the 2012 French Open. She upset world No. 3 Agnieszka Radwańska in the third round,	,	PUNCT	but	CCONJ	 but
Before hanging up, he awkwardly adds that she should be tested for herpes. Meanwhile, Andy Bernard (Ed Helms) uses the situation to host a sex education class in order to learn if his former girlfriend Erin Hannon (Ellie Kemper) has been having sex	sex	NOUN	with	ADP	 with
Caribbean Sound Basin's main studio had both analog and digital equipment, a 60 ft x 70 ft x 18 ft live room, and three isolation booths, for vocals, piano, and drums. The group recorded original tracks using Studer 24- and 48 track recorders	recorders	NOUN	and	CCONJ	 and
The two characters are childhood friends, and while both are born of differing social classes; Ramza a noble and Delita a commoner, both disregarded this fact and grew up together believing in justice and honor, as taught by Ramza's father Balbanes. However, as	as	SCONJ	the	DET	 the
This creates the ability to credibly commit to a particular action, resulting in " first mover advantage ". In the Brender – Spencer model, the government's subsidy creates this credible commitment even when the private firm does not have that ability. In standard models of	of	ADP	international	ADJ	 international
Fuel coolant reactions may fragment the volcanic material by propagating stress waves, widening cracks and increasing surface area that ultimetly lead to rapid cooling and explosive contraction driven eruptions. A Surtseyan eruption (or hydrovolcanic) is a type of volcanic eruption caused by shallow water interactions between	between	ADP	water	NOUN	 water
On 13 November Laverdure decided to disobey these orders and marched to El Herri with almost his entire force, some 43 officers and 1,187 men with supporting artillery and machine guns. This amounted to less than half the force he had in September, when he had last	last	ADV	been	AUX	 been
White described her mother as matriarchal and her father as secretive. Beginning in 1909, White attended the Boston Girls ' High School, where she was studious and performed well in school. She participated in the Debating Club and became the editor in chief of her school	school	NOUN	paper	NOUN	 paper
The arch was built as part of the Temple Mount's massive western retaining wall, which forms its eastern support. The voussoirs spring from a row of impost blocks which were cut to produce a dentil pattern. There have been some theories which speculate that the dentils	dentils	NOUN	were	AUX	 were
After the season ended, Collins was not re signed by the Browns, so he spent the 1925 season with the St. Paul Saints, a minor league baseball team that competed in the American Association (AA). There, he batted.316 and hit 19 home runs	runs	NOUN	in	ADP	 in
The whole day was a pleasurable experience [...] The video starts off with an opening title parodying Looney Tunes and shows Allen in the kitchen preparing a cup of tea, while Alfie, impersonated by a puppet, smokes in his miniature bedroom, watching television.	.	PUNCT	The	DET	 The
The magazine made a particular note of the advantage in handling and grip enjoyed by the older live axled Volvo 244, underlining the point about the Tagora's lack of advantage in terms of road manners. Regarding the interior, the seats drew praise for their comfort and	and	CCONJ	detail	NOUN	 detail
Hickok willed her personal papers to the Franklin D. Roosevelt Presidential Library and Museum in Hyde Park, part of the US National Archives. Her donation was contained in eighteen filing boxes that, according to the provisions of her will, were to be sealed until ten years	years	NOUN	after	ADP	 after
In July 1824 Everett gave an unexpectedly significant speech at Harvard's Phi Beta Kappa Society that would alter his career trajectory. Publicity for the event was dominated by the news that the Marquis de Lafayette, the French hero of the American Revolution, would be in attendance	attendance	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
The IMA grounds are also home to 100 Acres: The Virginia B. Fairbanks Art and Nature Park, located behind the museum proper. Garden areas make use of existing features in the natural landscape and incorporate examples of public art, both historical and contemporary. June 20	20	NUM	,	PUNCT	,
As of 2007, the metropolitan areas bordering the range — New Haven, Meriden, New Britain, Hartford, Springfield and Greenfield — had a combined population of more than 2.5 million people. Populations in exurban towns around the range in Connecticut have increased 7.6 percent between	between	ADP	the	DET	 the
It was the first and only release for J Records, their last album issued by Sony Music. It was the band's first full length studio release in almost four years, since Riot Act (2002). Following their performances at the Vote For Change tour	tour	NOUN	in	ADP	 in
Based on morphological features, the Alexandrine parakeet (Psittacula eupatria) has been proposed as the founder population for all Psittacula species on Indian Ocean islands, with new populations settling during the species's southwards colonisation from its native South Asia. Features of that species gradually disappear	disappear	VERB	in	ADP	 in
Expository dialogue explains Mott's absence from " The Runaway Bride " by the character having had Spanish flu. Wilfred's positive opinion of the Doctor is different from Sylvia's, who, according to Tennant, joined " a long line of mothers that don't quite	quite	ADV	get	VERB	 get
The company was put under new management in September 2009 with the aim of turning around the company's finances with government help in arranging refinancing of the loans. The government took majority control of the company after the election of its new board on 10 November 2009.	.	PUNCT	In	ADP	 In
When Eidansha Boshu Service Center was founded in 1975 it published tabloid magazines that advertised real estate. In 1982, after failing to establish a chain of stores, the company's founder Yasuhiro Fukushima transformed it into a software company devoted to gaming and renamed it Enix.	.	PUNCT	To	PART	 To
The video begins with shots of the duo throwing a football back and forth to each other. At 2: 03, the video splits into 35 equally sized smaller rectangles, each containing a clip of a " ChartJackersProject " viewer clapping in time with " I've	've	AUX	Got	VERB	 Got
The support of these men was actively solicited by Struthers ' well connected friends and relatives, including his cousin the Reverend John Struthers of Prestonpans, and his energetic wife Christina. With the success of their campaign, the family moved to Aberdeen. Struthers held the professorship	professorship	NOUN	at	ADP	 at
" For a year and a half, Darius and his armies were unable to retake the city, though he attempted many tricks and strategies — even copying that which Cyrus the Great had employed when he captured Babylon. However, the situation changed in Darius's favour	favour	NOUN	when	SCONJ	 when
Vykintas died in 1251 or 1252, and Tautvilas was forced to rejoin Daniel of Galicia. Mindaugas and his wife Morta were crowned during the summer of 1253. Bishop Henry Heidenreich of Kulm presided over the ecclesiastical ceremonies and Andreas Stirland conferred the crown. 6 July is	is	AUX	now	ADV	 now
Writing for San Antonio Express News, Mike Greenberg observed, " T. Arthur Cottam's Pornographic Apathetic is just about the funniest thing I've ever seen. (The excellent actors are mostly clothed, never touch each other and are nearly motionless, but the dialogue is	is	AUX	not	PART	 not
Kanthaugen and its lift is rented out for tobogganing. The sledding track serves groups and tourists with activities such as wheelbob and for man bobsleigh with an authorized pilot, bobrafting, skeleton and skeleton rafting. Next to the track is an activity park with activities such as	as	ADP	snowmobile	NOUN	 snowmobile
No care or nursing services are available, nor is welfare payment available. Norwegian residents retain pension and medical rights through their mainland municipalities. The hospital is part of University Hospital of North Norway, while the airport is operated by state owned Avinor. Ny Ålesund and	and	CCONJ	Barentsburg	PROPN	 Barentsburg
These soils are prone to degradation issues, and are susceptible to erosion, nutrient loss and salinity. The climate is warm and temperate in Wyangala, with significant rainfall throughout the year. According to Köppen climate classification it is classified as Cfa. The average annual temperature	temperature	NOUN	in	ADP	 in
A circular staircase within the building gives access to the castle's main gun platform or water bastion, a low triangular structure projecting into the river. The castle's main armament was mounted here in the open air; this is now represented by six mid 19th century	century	NOUN	guns	NOUN	 guns
However, they end up trying simultaneously to impress Erin during a competitive duet of John Denver's " Take Me Home, Country Roads ", with Andy on a banjo and Dwight playing guitar; both sing, and Dwight sings part of the song in German.	.	PUNCT	Erin	PROPN	 Erin
She was laid down in July 1891, launched in July 1894, and completed in July 1897. She was a member of a group of five broadly similar battleships, along with Charles Martel, Jauréguiberry, Bouvet, and Masséna, which were ordered in response to	to	ADP	the	DET	 the
Accompanying Milligan to assist him in the investigation was his personal staff, including his chief of staff, Captain Edward F. Messina. Milligan and his staff began their investigation by interviewing members of Iowa's crew. During Meyer's interview by Milligan and his staff, Meyer	Meyer	PROPN	described	VERB	 described
The South Expressway exit, which marks the southern end of Iowa Highway 192 (Iowa 192), is adjacent to a big box store commercial center. I 29 and I 80 diverge at another Y interchange; I 29 heads south and I 80 heads to the	the	DET	northeast	NOUN	 northeast
Kwee intermixed several languages other than Malay, particularly Dutch, Sundanese, and English; he included two quotes from English poems and another from an English song. The novel has been interpreted variously as promotion of theosophy, a treatise on the Buddhist concept of reincarnation,	,	PUNCT	a	DET	 a
All were NAACP sponsored cases. The Davis case, the only case of the five originating from a student protest, began when 16 year old Barbara Rose Johns organized and led a 450 student walkout of Moton High School. The Gebhart case was the only one where	where	SCONJ	a	DET	 a
When (a similar effect) happens with a planet (we call it) an occultation; when the Moon passes across (the Sun's path) then there is a solar eclipse. Zhang Heng viewed these astronomical phenomena in supernatural terms as well. The signs	signs	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
SRI sponsored the First National Air Pollution Symposium in Pasadena, California, in November 1949. Experts gave presentations on pollution research, exchanged ideas and techniques, and stimulated interest in the field. The event was attended by 400 scientists, business executives, and civic leaders	leaders	NOUN	from	ADP	 from
The main attraction, for which the park is named, is its free ranging lemurs. Featured daily feeding times occur every two hours between 10: 00 a.m. and 4: 00 p.m. There are nine species, seven of which are active during the day (diurnal	diurnal	ADJ	)	PUNCT	)
The " We The North " campaign was originally to be launched during the 2015 – 16 season; however, the launch was hastened so it would be ready in time for the 2014 playoffs, taking into account the poor performance of Canada's other pro sports teams	teams	NOUN	at	ADP	 at
She was the lead vessel of her class and was operated by two German navies, the Reichsmarine and the Kriegsmarine. She had two sister ships, Karlsruhe and Köln. Königsberg was built by the Kriegsmarinewerft in Wilhelmshaven; she was laid down in April 1926, launched	launched	VERB	in	ADP	 in
He is subsequently destroyed by the Master Chief with a Spartan Laser, but Sergeant Johnson is fatally wounded in the fight. Bungie originally wanted Guilty Spark to sound similar to the robot C 3PO. Dadabo noted in an interview that reactions to his character have been hostile	hostile	ADJ	,	PUNCT	,
This made them the first official greenspace in Portland. While they were dedicated to the city, they weren't owned by the city until September 22, 1870, when Mayor Bernard Goldsmith and Chapman agreed on selling the South Park Blocks and the two Plaza Blocks (	(	PUNCT	Chapman	PROPN	Chapman
The incident enraged the British population and caused a diplomatic incident with the British that nearly led to war until Russia apologized and agreed to pay reparations on 29 October. Rozhestvensky led his ships down the Atlantic coast of Africa, rounding Cape Horn, and reached the island	island	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
The piezoelectric gauges developed by Anderson's team correctly indicated an explosion of 108 tons of TNT (450 GJ), but Luis Alvarez and Waldman's airborne condenser gauges were far less accurate. In addition to uncovering scientific and technological issues, the rehearsal test revealed practical	practical	ADJ	concerns	NOUN	 concerns
Its accompanying music video, directed by Simon Brand, was filmed in Las Vegas, and features Arjona singing while walking around the city's nighttime lights. A " jewel of elegance ", according to Mexican website Terra, the music video has received 1.3 million views	views	NOUN	on	ADP	 on
In June, Mr. Fuji, Yokozuna's manager, challenged all American athletes to attempt to bodyslam Yokozuna on the deck of the USS Intrepid. After several athletes failed, the storyline saw Luger arrive by helicopter and successfully bodyslam Yokozuna. This began a strong push for	for	ADP	Luger	PROPN	 Luger
The robustness of its limbs and the strong jaws with the ability to gape indicates that it foraged on the ground. Its diet may have consisted of the various snails and invertebrates of Rodrigues, as well as scavenged items. Rodrigues had large colonies of seabirds and now	now	ADV	extinct	ADJ	 extinct
Reviewers drew comparisons to Marble Madness, which was ported to home platforms the same year. Roberts called Spindizzy the " best ' marble ' game yet ", and Charles Ardai of Computer Gaming World called it " a thoroughly enjoyable game " superior to Marble Madness.	.	PUNCT	South	PROPN	 South
At the age of 25, Pryce graduated to Formula One, the highest category of circuit racing defined by the Fédération Internationale de l ' Automobile (FIA), motorsport's world governing body, joining the newly formed Token Racing team. The team was created by	by	ADP	Tony	PROPN	 Tony
Following a year of highly publicised peace campaigning by the Lennons in 1969, Apple press officer Derek Taylor was concerned that they had exhausted the media's interest in their causes. On 4 February 1970, Lennon and Ono donated a large plastic bag full of their hair	hair	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
Meanwhile, Steve makes plans to move his safe with the gold to Mexico, using an armored truck to transport it to a private plane waiting at Los Angeles International Airport. Napster overhears the plan, and Charlie devises a new plan to steal the gold en route	route	NOUN	to	ADP	 to
The task force then moved on Eretria, which it besieged and destroyed. Finally, it moved to attack Athens, landing at the bay of Marathon, where it was met by a heavily outnumbered Athenian army. At the ensuing Battle of Marathon, the Athenians won	won	VERB	a	DET	 a
Townsend predicted that Asia Answers might have a frosty reception from reviewers because of what he alleged to be the pro Soviet biases of the media, and indeed, the book received negative coverage in The China Weekly Review, The Times Literary Supplement, The Times of India	India	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
" Hungry Like the Wolf " (Single version) – 3: 23 " Careless Memories " (Live) – 4: 11 (Recorded live at Hammersmith Odeon, London, 17 December 1981) Initial US release. " Hungry Like the Wolf " (Night	Night	PROPN	Version	PROPN	 Version
Amtrak, the national passenger rail system, provides service three times a week to Houston via the Sunset Limited (Los Angeles – New Orleans), which stops at a train station on the north side of the downtown area. The station saw 14,891 boardings and alightings	alightings	NOUN	in	ADP	 in
Mike Diver of BBC Online reviewed the show positively and said, " this is an entirely second guessable affair, each movement telegraphed and every realigned arrangement (bombast turned down, jazz and funk switched up) meeting the listener's expectations head on. " The writer	writer	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
He led the NL or AL in putouts five times in his career and assists three times. He has been called " the best second baseman in the history of baseball " and " the most outstanding player to wear a Cleveland uniform. " Cy Young said,	,	PUNCT	"	PUNCT	 "
In September 1995, bass player Paul McGuigan walked out on the group after a flurry of verbal abuse from Liam whilst doing interviews in Paris. ' Guigsy ' cited nervous exhaustion as the reason for his departure. Scott Mcleod of The Ya Yas was brought in as	as	ADP	his	PRON	 his
With the new deal, Buddy Cannon returned to produce the recordings of Nelson. After selecting the material and the sound of the tunes with the singer, Cannon's work method consisted in the recording of the tracks with studio musicians, with the takes later completed on	on	ADP	a	DET	 a
In 1989, Sesame Street created a four year " race relations curriculum " that focused on introducing its viewers to various cultural backgrounds. The New York Times reported that creating strong female characters " that make kids laugh, but not... as female stereotypes " has been	been	AUX	a	DET	 a
The remaster was released both individually and as part of The Collected Works of Hayao Miyazaki, a box set containing all of Miyazaki's movies. Both these newer releases were released by Studio Ghibli in conjunction with Disney. StudioCanal released a Blu ray and DVD bundle of	of	ADP	the	DET	 the
The Cuban government denied her permission to attend. Nicholas Lemann, dean of Columbia's Graduate School of Journalism, criticized the decision, stating that " The Cuban government ought to value Ms. Sanchez's work as a sign that young Cubans are ready to take Cuba into	into	ADP	a	DET	 a
Bagheera volunteers to escort him back. They leave that very night, but Mowgli is determined to stay in the jungle. He and Bagheera rest in a tree for the night, where Kaa, a hungry python, tries to devour Mowgli, but Bagheera intervenes.	.	PUNCT	The	DET	 The
The final Charter constituted the province as a " county palatinate ", officially titled the " Province of Avalon ", under Calvert's personal rule. After resigning the Royal secretariat of state in 1625, the new Baron Baltimore made clear his intention to visit the colony	colony	NOUN	:	PUNCT	:
At about half past three in the morning of 26 June 1830 at Windsor Castle, he reportedly called out " Good God, what is this? ", clasped his page's hand, said " my boy, this is death ", and died. An	An	DET	autopsy	ADJ	 autopsy
A new Dover Bridge, replacing a bridge built in the 19th century, was completed in 1932. In 1939, the original MD 331 and US 213 swapped routes; US 213 also assumed MD 344 between Vienna and MD 16 at Mount Holly. MD 331 has	has	AUX	seen	VERB	 seen
At the beginning of the war against Poland, Hitler authorised the killing of Polish civilians, including Jews and ethnic Poles. The Einsatzgruppen (SS task forces) had been originally formed by Heydrich to secure government papers and offices in areas taken over by Germany before World	World	PROPN	War	PROPN	 War
If a cerebral aneurysm is identified on angiography, two measures are available to reduce the risk of further bleeding from the same aneurysm: clipping and coiling. Clipping requires a craniotomy (opening of the skull) to locate the aneurysm, followed by the placement of clips	clips	NOUN	around	ADP	 around
Following a satisfactory inspection carried out by Major Marindin of the Board of Trade on 3 September 1892, the line between Paddock Wood and Hope Mill, for Goudhurst and Lamberhurst was opened to passenger and goods traffic nine days later. The first service drawn by Cudworth E1	E1	NOUN	class	NOUN	 class
Arriving a few hours after their initial contact with the enemy earlier in the morning, the 25th Battalion made its first attempt to capture Point 175, having received orders to do so from the brigade's commander, Brigadier Harold Barrowclough. Initial impressions that Point 175 was	was	AUX	only	ADV	 only
Soon after the restart, Henrik Larsson headed Celtic's equaliser, but Dmitri Alenichev restored Porto's lead a few minutes later. Larsson again leveled the score, sending the match into extra time. Despite Baldé's dismissal in the first half of extra time, Celtic	Celtic	PROPN	held	VERB	 held
Jane Stevenson (Canoe.ca) maintained that the show at the Molson Canadian Amphitheatre in Toronto had " none of that choreographed dance move nonsense ", and complimented the " naturally, classy, low key " production. Melody Lau (National Post) reviewed the same concert	concert	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
Work on Vanguard was started and stopped several times during the war and even after construction had begun, her design was revised several times to reflect war experience. These stoppages and changes prevented her from being completed during the war. Vanguard's first task after completing her	her	PRON	sea	NOUN	 sea
Another copy cat incident occurred some time after the 2012 football game with Virginia Tech when vandals, believed to be Yellow Jacket fans, pried a T off of the sign in front of Virginia Tech's Lane Stadium. The ' T ' was later dropped off at	at	ADP	night	NOUN	 night
" Mikoyan tried to save some close knit companions from being executed, though he was not without his faults. In 1936 he enthusiastically supported the execution of Grigory Zinoviev and Lev Kamenev, claiming it to be a " just verdict. " As with other leading officials	officials	NOUN	in	ADP	 in
The tributaries Green Run and Panther Creek are Class A Wild Trout Waters for brook trout and part of the tributary Rattlesnake Creek is Class A Wild Trout Waters for both brook trout and brown trout. Numerous macroinvertebrate species have been observed in Spring Brook. A total of	of	ADP	18	NUM	 18
He described the works as featuring " a characteristically Lutheran interpretation " of the First Epistle of John. He also noted the depth of metaphorical uses of " eating and drinking ", highlighting " the rich man's table, from which Lazarus tried to gather fallen crumbs	crumbs	NOUN	(	PUNCT	 (
Hardy, in retaliation, performed a Swanton Bomb on Orton from the top of the Raw set and seemed to have all the momentum after coming out on top in their encounters. Hardy, however, lost the title match at the Royal Rumble, but was named	named	VERB	as	ADP	 as
The service was active from 2010 to 2012. During the 2012 Summer Olympics opening ceremony, in which he appeared at the London Olympic Stadium in person, Sir Tim Berners Lee, the founder of the World Wide Web, tweeted " This is for everyone ",	,	PUNCT	which	PRON	 which
This resulted in the FK 2 design. The length increased to 144 m (472 ft) overall and 139 m (456 ft) at the waterline. Their beam increased to 13 m (43 ft), as did their draft, to 5.5 m (	(	PUNCT	18	NUM	18
They started to re form Chetnik units in eastern Bosnia and began agitating against the Partisans on a " conservative, Serb nationalist and anti Muslim basis ". Other Chetnik units crossed into eastern Bosnia from the Territory of the Military Commander in Serbia and attacked the Partisans.	.	PUNCT	They	PRON	 They
Despite the stormy weather and the difficult seas, he managed to catch enough fish to feed the entire village. The entire catch (including seven types of fish) was baked into a pie, which had the fish heads poking through to prove that there were fish	fish	NOUN	inside	ADV	 inside
They duly signed. The band began work on a debut album, alongside producer Paul Sampson. Ieuan introduced Sampson to Aled Richards, who later replaced him as Catatonia's drummer when Ieuan left to join the Super Furry Animals. The label wanted to market the band	band	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
Around 1% of these neutrinos are thought to deposit sufficient energy into the outer layers of the star to drive the resulting explosion, but again the details can not be reproduced exactly in current models. Kinetic energies and nickel yields are somewhat lower than type Ia supernovae	supernovae	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
Furthermore, the expedition could not be expected to be spotted by search parties or passing whalers. Within days of landing on Elephant Island, Shackleton decided to take a small party and sail the largest lifeboat, the James Caird, named for one of the expedition's	's	PART	sponsors	NOUN	 sponsors
In particular, the role of downdrafts, particularly the rear flank downdraft, and the role of baroclinic boundaries, are intense areas of study. Reliably predicting tornado intensity and longevity remains a problem, as do details affecting characteristics of a tornado during its life cycle and	and	CCONJ	tornadolysis	NOUN	 tornadolysis
Dressed in an enveloping blue robe that hides most of her face, she collapses and is caught by John, who supports her by her arms. Mary Magdalene kneels to the right, dressed in a white trimmed green robe and red sleeves. Raising her arms aloft	aloft	ADV	,	PUNCT	,
Francis refused, holding out for the possibility of better terms from Richard. In mid 1484, Francis was incapacitated by illness and while recuperating, his treasurer, Pierre Landais, took over the reins of government. Landais reached an agreement with Richard to send back Henry	Henry	PROPN	and	CCONJ	 and
An estimated platoon sized force of Chinese made the first attack. The Rangers fought back with heavy small arms fire and several pre sighted artillery concentrations, repulsing this first attack at 22: 50. A number of Rangers were wounded in this attack, including Puckett,	,	PUNCT	who	PRON	 who
The first ship in the class, Hood, was built according to this design to counter the possible completion of any of the Mackensen class ship. The plans for her three sisters, on which little work had been done, were revised once more later in 1916	1916	NUM	and	CCONJ	 and
In 1945, Byrd hired 32 year old Paul " Bear " Bryant to his first head coaching post. Bryant led the Terrapins to a 6 – 2 – 1 record, but the two personalities clashed. The tensions came to a head when Byrd reinstated a player	player	NOUN	Bryant	PROPN	 Bryant
Amanita muscaria and Amanita pantherina are illegal to buy, sell, or possess since December 2008. Possession of amounts larger than 0.5 g dried or 5 g fresh lead to a criminal charge. It is illegal to produce, supply, or import this drug under the	the	DET	Psychoactive	PROPN	 Psychoactive
The species ' decline is mainly being driven by predation by feral pets (cats and dogs) and indirectly by the destruction of their natural habitat as fruit farms are converted to pasture for cattle grazing. Since 2004, hundreds of captive bred animals have been released into	into	ADP	a	DET	 a
Hughes writes, " When Sullivan wrote what we call ' a good tune ' it was nearly always ' good music ' as well. Outside the ranks of the giants there are few other composers of whom the same could be said. " Although his melodies sprang	sprang	VERB	from	ADP	 from
" The call for restoration is often justified on the basis of a " falling away " that corrupted the original purity of the church. This falling away is identified with the development of Catholicism and denominationalism. New Testament verses that discuss future apostasy (2 Thessalonians 2	2	NUM	:	SYM	:
On the penalty kill, he is an efficient shot blocker, using his body to get in the way of pucks. While competing on the powerplay, he often uses his size and strength to maintain position in front of the opposing net to either screen the goaltender	goaltender	NOUN	or	CCONJ	 or
Three days after, Anelka scored his first career hat trick against Leicester City. Bergkamp after the match felt Arsenal were now equipped to push on for a title challenge, like last season: " It's all coming back. I feel it, for myself and	and	CCONJ	for	ADP	 for
The same year gold had been found on the banks of Klondike River, but in small amounts and no claims were made. By the late 1880s, several hundred miners were working their way along the Yukon valley, living in small mining camps and trading with the	the	DET	Hän	PROPN	 Hän
Without any material international support Lithuania had no choice but to accept the ultimatum. Lithuanian diplomacy characterized the concession as a " necessary evil " that would enable Lithuania to preserve its independence and maintained the hope that it was merely a temporary retreat. At 1: 00	00	PUNCT	am	AUX	 am
Bruno Bettelheim remarks that " the more simple and straightforward a good character in a fairy tale, the easier it is for a child to identify with it and to reject the bad other. " The child identifies with a good hero because the hero's condition makes	makes	VERB	a	DET	 a
The Third Test was drawn amid rain interruptions that cost a day and a half of play; England had been in a strong position, having been 316 runs ahead with seven wickets in hand in their second innings when rain came at the end of the third day	day	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
West holds the NBA record for the highest points per game average in a playoff series with 46.3. He was also a member of the first five NBA All Defensive Teams (one second, followed by four firsts), which were introduced when he was 32 years	years	NOUN	old	ADJ	 old
And like the holders of a secret, they had an advantage which was a disadvantage, too, and which was true of no other minority group in the United States. They were invisible. Unlike African Americans, women, Native Americans, Jews, the Irish	Irish	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
The game was released for DOS in 1995. In 1996, the game received a Windows 95 re release titled Command & Conquer: Gold (also known as C & C 95), featuring SVGA visuals. A port for the Macintosh was released in 1996,	,	PUNCT	with	ADP	 with
Everything possible is being done to produce more offensive spirit and optimistic outlook. But I can not pretend that these efforts have been entirely successful up to date. I have given the most categorical orders that there is to be no thought of surrender and that all troops	troops	NOUN	are	AUX	 are
The Undertaker attempted the same move again, but Wippleman knocked the Undertaker off the rope. Kamala knocked the Undertaker outside the ring, where the Undertaker attacked Wippleman and Kim Chee. Back inside the ring, the Undertaker gained the advantage by executing a chokeslam and a	a	DET	clothesline	NOUN	 clothesline
While the RAN acknowledged that the Bathurst class corvettes that made up most of its escort force were too slow, it argued that the losses suffered by escorted convoys were no worse than those in other parts of the world. Despite the Navy's assurances, Australia's	's	PART	anti	ADJ	 anti
Marik Metal Art later built a replacement studio and workshop adjacent to the now grand ruin. Hawthorne Villa is a Gothic revival two storey red brick building at 1 Church Street. It was built by Thomas Monds in 1875 and is surrounded by English style gardens that contain	contain	VERB	two	NUM	 two
" John Pritchard was principal conductor from 1982 to 1989. In The Times, Paul Griffiths wrote, " Sir John's seven year period with the orchestra has been marked by growing orchestral confidence and many memorable performances. " Principal guest conductors in the 1970s and 1980s	1980s	NOUN	included	VERB	 included
In its first year, the park, its features and associated people received over 30 awards. Some mayors from other cities have admired the park as an example of successful urban planning. The mayor of Shanghai enjoyed his visit to the park, and San Francisco Mayor	Mayor	PROPN	Gavin	PROPN	 Gavin
He visited the family estate at Königswart and then Frankfurt in late August to encourage the member states of the German Confederation to agree on procedural issues. He could also now visit Koblenz for the first time in 25 years and his new estate at Johannisberg. Travelling with	with	ADP	Emperor	PROPN	 Emperor
But she is ruthless. She reminds me of a saying attributed to David Merrick: ' It is not enough for me to win. My enemies must lose. ' " A 2006 profile of the character in The Washington Post called her " wonderfully monstrous. "	"	PUNCT	"	PUNCT	 "
By the 1930s Deming's table was appearing in handbooks and encyclopaedias of chemistry. It was also distributed for many years by the Sargent Welch Scientific Company. With the development of modern quantum mechanical theories of electron configurations within atoms, it became apparent that each period (	(	PUNCT	row	NOUN	row
Unsuccessful proposals were made for a trust to run the theatre in 1968, and in the 1970s, shares in the owning company were bought by the property developer Charles Ware, who sold to Charles Clarke, a solicitor from Bristol. Clarke was responsible for a redecoration	redecoration	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
The Beatles: Rock Band was well received at the 2009 E3 Convention, and was named the Best Music / Rhythm Game by GameSpot, GameSpy, 1UP.com, and X Play; the game was also nominated for Best Music or Rhythm game by the Game Critics Awards	Awards	PROPN	and	CCONJ	 and
The episode was written by Jonathan Collier with input from David Mirkin, and directed by Mark Kirkland. The episode's story was inspired by executive producer Mike Reiss ' wife, who had debated becoming a police officer. " The Springfield Connection " drew on influences from	from	ADP	the	DET	 the
The Shelleys left Britain in 1818 for Italy, where their second and third children died before Mary Shelley gave birth to her last and only surviving child, Percy Florence Shelley. In 1822, her husband drowned when his sailing boat sank during a storm near Viareggio.	.	PUNCT	A	DET	 A
He created the circus sequences for the Orson Welles produced Broadway musical Around the World. Barbette created the aerial ballet for Disney on Parade and toured with it in Australia from 1969 through 1972. Barbette spent his last months in Texas, living in Round Rock and Austin	Austin	PROPN	with	ADP	 with
= O zhe pe e kun nun nah pun a i ee ah ne she nah pa moo mah kah toon ah sha wa ee tush ween ah gun osh she moo mah kah toon ne zhswah sweeh nah kah moo we nun kia Me tah sweeh e ki too	too	ADV	we	PRON	 we
Reinfeldt's goal is said to be to fine tune the welfare state, by focusing on getting people off welfare benefits and into employment. He has worked to shift the conservatives toward the middle ground by convincing voters that he would fix rather than dismantle the public welfare	welfare	NOUN	system	NOUN	 system
After arguing with her husband Peter who is against the idea, Lois decides to become a gestational carrier and undergoes in vitro fertilisation. However, while Lois is pregnant, the biological parents are killed in an automobile accident. Lois and Peter have to decide whether to	to	PART	abort	VERB	 abort
The role of the cameraman was uncredited in 1910 productions. Only the role of Marie Eline is cited by Bowers, but a surviving film still raises the possibility of identifying several more actors in the production. Bowers states that most of the credits are fragmentary for 1910	1910	NUM	Thanhouser	PROPN	 Thanhouser
In 1986, in the same case, LaRouche said that he did not know who had paid the rent on the estate, or for his food, lodging, clothing, transportation, bodyguards, or lawyers since 1973. The judge fined him for failing to answer	answer	VERB	.	PUNCT	.
Included with the release of WWE SmackDown vs. Raw 2008 was a new submission system, in which the player had to move the analog sticks of their system's controller in different directions to force the opponent to submit, while the opponent could do the same to escape	escape	VERB	the	DET	 the
Justinian's ambition to restore the Roman Empire to its former glory was only partly realized. In the West, the brilliant early military successes of the 530s were followed by years of stagnation. The dragging war with the Goths was a disaster for Italy, even though	though	SCONJ	its	PRON	 its
The road crossed the railway line twice, and Clackline Brook via a small bedlog bridge, in the vicinity of the town, but the rail crossings were " awkwardly and dangerously situated in regard to road traffic, owing to limited visibility ", and the water crossing	crossing	NOUN	was	AUX	 was
Sparty appears in several other incarnations. In printed literature, the university uses a copyrighted cartoon Spartan, usually drawn with a grimace and several days worth of whiskers, lending the nickname of " Gruff " Sparty. Finally, Sparty appears as a foam rubber mascot with	with	ADP	an	DET	 an
The Church of Spiritual Technology (CST), a sister organization of the Church of Scientology, has engraved Hubbard's entire corpus of Scientology and Dianetics texts on steel tablets stored in titanium containers. They are buried at the Trementina Base in a vault under a mountain	mountain	NOUN	near	ADP	 near
In 1828, Adams nominated him to replace Kentuckian Robert Trimble as an associate justice of the Supreme Court, but Jackson supporters in the Senate refused to confirm him. When Jackson defeated Adams in the 1828 presidential election, he removed Crittenden from his post as district attorney	attorney	NOUN	because	SCONJ	 because
He was supported by others among his contemporaries, including Pope Clement III, who, when he appointed Longchamp legate, wrote that he did so at the urging of the English bishops. When he was one of four men named bishop in 1189, medieval chronicler Richard	Richard	PROPN	of	ADP	 of
He is later released, only to join the forces of General Paz, a key unitarian figure. Fighting and war soon again resumed, but, one by one, Quiroga vanquished the main allies of General Paz, including the Governor of San Juan, and in	in	ADP	1831	NUM	 1831
His remains were subsequently returned to the Netherlands with full military honours. There were also large numbers of wounded among the Dutch fleet, including Rear Admirals Bloys van Treslong and Story; one of the few Dutch officers to escape injury or death was De Winter himself,	,	PUNCT	who	PRON	 who
In the run up to the announcement that an invasion force was to be sent to Guatemala, 10,000 Nahua warriors had already been assembled by the Aztec emperor Cuauhtémoc to accompany the Spanish expedition. Warriors were ordered to be gathered from each of the Mexica and Tlaxcaltec towns	towns	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
In Banaswadi, a group were reported to have pelted stones at a church and fled. A Catholic school was also attacked in Kasaragod district in Kerala. Between 15 September and 10 October, Hindu nationalists directed a wave of attacks targetting Christian communities in Kerala, Madhya	Madhya	PROPN	Pradesh	PROPN	 Pradesh
Imogen Quest, the protagonist Adam's girlfriend, lives at Thatch; a watercolour of the house is displayed in Adam's undergraduate's rooms; the end of the story describes a house party at Thatch, during which the guests gossip maliciously about Adam. The names	names	NOUN	"	PUNCT	 "
He was also honorary editor of three international systems journals: Systems Research and Behavioral Science, the Journal of Applied Systems Studies, and Systems. He was on the Board of Editors of World Futures, and served as a contributing editor of Educational Technology. In 1992	1992	NUM	,	PUNCT	,
Jericho broke it by hitting Punk with a kendo stick. Punk then grabbed a chair and prepared to attack Jericho, but Jericho nailed Punk with a Codebreaker into the chair. Jericho made the cover but Punk kicked out at the last second. Aiming to humiliate Punk	Punk	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
" The song's final refrain has Swift narrating from Romeo's perspective and proposing marriage to Swift. " Love Story " was highly acclaimed by critics upon release. Kate Kiefer of Paste magazine recognized the song to be Swift's best and added that once the lyrics	lyrics	NOUN	are	AUX	 are
That same year the music scholar David Scott Kastan described Sgt. Pepper as " the most important and influential rock and roll album ever recorded ".The album was included in Robert Dimery's 1001 Albums You Must Hear Before You Die. Producers from the 1960s, such	such	ADJ	as	ADP	 as
Tommy Quon personally sent out the single to various radio stations around the US, but the single was seldom played and when it was, it did not get the reaction Quon was hoping for. When disc jockey Darrell Jaye in Georgia played " Ice Ice Baby "	"	PUNCT	instead	ADV	 instead
According to AllMusic reviewer Dave Thompson, the album is " one of the most beloved, and eccentric prog albums of them all " and " probably Caravan's finest hour ". He also said that " Nine Feet Underground " was " the most for the dynamic	dynamic	ADJ	chemistry	NOUN	 chemistry
On 20 November 1992, a major fire occurred at Windsor Castle, lasting for 15 hours and causing widespread damage to the Upper Ward. The Private Chapel in the north east corner of the State Apartments was being renovated as part of a long term programme of work	work	NOUN	within	ADP	 within
The first second of each minute is reserved for the minute marker, previously described. In the diagram above, the red and yellow bars indicate the presence of the 100 Hz subcarrier, with yellow representing the higher strength subcarrier (− 15 dB referenced to 100%	%	NOUN	modulation	NOUN	 modulation
The Nevis Landscape Partnership is supported by five partner organisations (John Muir Trust, Forestry Commission Scotland, The Highland Council, Scottish Natural Heritage & The Nevis Partnership) and has been made possible by Heritage Lottery Funding. Now in project year three (March 2016 –	–	PUNCT	March	PROPN	 March
" Stylus Magazine writer Scott Plagenhoef described the single as " marvelous lilting [and] hopeful ", while Stephen Robinson from Hot Press was less favourable and criticised the song's pop rock experimentation, which according to him " doesn't work quite so well ".	.	PUNCT	Neil	PROPN	 Neil
He was credited with eight aerial victories, and led No. 75 Squadron during the Battle of Port Moresby in 1942. Born in Brisbane, he was a grazier and businessman, who also operated his own private plane, when he joined the Royal Australian Air Force	Force	PROPN	(	PUNCT	 (
About 840,000 units of the game, including 550,000 in Europe, were sold during Square Enix's 2009 fiscal year. In response to the game's sales, Square Enix labeled Crisis Core their best PSP game of the year, calling it " an incredible success.	.	PUNCT	"	PUNCT	 "
It was also commercially successful, garnering 5.6 million viewers on its best rated showing and receiving high ratings in the Nicktoons lineup, even outside of its 6- to 11 year old demographic. The series has been nominated for and won awards from the Annie Awards, the	the	DET	Genesis	PROPN	 Genesis
The season officially began on June 15, and lasted until November 30. These dates conventionally delimit the period of each year when most tropical cyclones form in the Atlantic basin. The season was slightly above average, with twelve total storms and six hurricanes. All of	of	ADP	the	DET	 the
The lyrics to a song were usually done after finishing the vocal track for another. Grohl described the track listing as " 11 tortured love songs ", with a major theme of " surrendering to yourself ", and a sequencing that described the difficult beginnings of falling	falling	VERB	in	ADP	 in
Ælfheah sent Ælfric of Eynsham to Cerne Abbey to take charge of its monastic school. He was present at the council of May 1008 at which Wulfstan II, Archbishop of York, preached his Sermo Lupi ad Anglos (The Sermon of the Wolf to the English)	)	PUNCT	,	PUNCT	,
Following his second year with the Michigan State Spartans, he was selected 53rd overall by the Florida Panthers in the 2004 NHL Entry Draft. He spent four years playing college hockey before turning professional with the Panthers organization in 2006 – 07. After recording career highs in	in	ADP	goals	NOUN	 goals
Karen Gillan was cast as Amy Pond, the Doctor's companion. Andy Pryor, the casting director, suggested Gillan to Moffat after her performance in the fourth series episode " The Fires of Pompeii ", in which she played a soothsayer, but Moffat originally thought	thought	VERB	she	PRON	 she
The exact intentions of the invaders are unknown; it is possible that they may have intended to install Magnús as king. At the very least, Eógan was likely looking for some form of compensation for his dispossession from his mainland Scottish lordship. The chronicle states that	that	SCONJ	the	DET	 the
Professional cyclist and Olympic medalist Davis Phinney, who was diagnosed with young onset Parkinson's at age 40, started the Davis Phinney Foundation in 2004 to support Parkinson's research, focusing on quality of life for people with the disease. Muhammad Ali showed signs of Parkinson	Parkinson	PROPN	's	PART	's
Although the Chilean government solicited bids from several armament companies, nearly all believed that a British company would win the contract; the American naval attaché opined that without anything short of a revolution the contracts were destined for the United Kingdom. The Chilean Navy had cultivated extensive	extensive	ADJ	ties	NOUN	 ties
Jack Thompson portrays Cliegg Lars, a moisture farmer who freed and married Shmi, thus becoming the stepfather of Anakin Skywalker. Joel Edgerton and Bonnie Piesse appear as Owen Lars, the son of Cliegg Lars and stepbrother of Anakin Skywalker, and Beru Whitesun, Owen's	's	PART	girlfriend	NOUN	 girlfriend
One Sicilian architect, Tommaso Napoli, a monk, visited Vienna twice early in the century, returning with a store of engraving and drawings. He was later the architect of two country villas of the early Sicilian Baroque period, remarkable for their concave and convex walls	walls	NOUN	and	CCONJ	 and
At 32,500 lb, it could take off in 1,385 yards. Its maximum speed was 145 miles per hour (233 km / h) but it could cruise at 120 miles per hour (190 km / h). With 400 gallons of fuel it could manage	manage	VERB	705	NUM	 705
The site's consensus reads: " Who Framed Roger Rabbit is an innovative and entertaining film that features a groundbreaking mix of live action and animation, with a touching and original story to boot. " Aggregator Metacritic calculated a score of 83 / 100, based on	on	ADP	15	NUM	 15
The stadium replaced Boothferry Park as home to Hull City Association Football Club, and was the backdrop for the club's recent climb through the English Football League. It first hosted the club's home games during the second half of the 2002 – 03 season; the	the	DET	first	ADJ	 first
The United States Joint Typhoon Warning Centre also monitors the basin, and issues warnings on significant tropical cyclones on behalf of the United States Government. These warnings use a 1 minute sustained wind speed and can be compared to the Saffir Simpson hurricane wind scale, however,	,	PUNCT	regardless	ADV	 regardless
The acclaimed Time Crisis by Namco, released in Japanese arcades in 1995 and Sony's PlayStation console in 1997, introduced innovations such as simulated recoil and a foot pedal which when pressed caused the protagonist to take cover. The game's light gun controller, the GunCon	GunCon	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
A notable local dessert that traces its history to the kitchen in the Mysore palace is Mysore pak. Mysore is the location of the International Ganjifa Research Centre, which researches the ancient card game Ganjifa and the art associated with it. The Chamarajendra Academy of Visual Arts	Arts	PROPN	(	PUNCT	 (
On the 6th, that committee was discharged of responsibility for the bill and it was referred instead to the Committee on Banking and Currency. Norbeck, on behalf of the Banking Committee, reported the bill favorably and without amendment to the Senate on February 13. It	It	PRON	was	AUX	 was
The paratroopers became outnumbered and were forced to retreat to defensive positions around their barracks, which was an ad hoc camp that had been set up in a public park approximately 1 kilometre (0.62 mi) away. After a brief but violent battle that killed around 400	400	NUM	people	NOUN	 people
Although not released in the UK, the song achieved moderate chart success in the US. Reaching number two on Billboard's Hot Adult Contemporary chart and number seven on the Hot 100, the song became Jackson's fifth Top 10 hit from Thriller. " Human Nature	Nature	PROPN	"	PUNCT	 "
shall be utterly void and null. In 1719, penalties were added, retroactive to violations from 1700: forfeiture, a fine of the value of the land, and 6 months in prison. In May 1683, the colony authorized a Commissioner to buy lands from	from	ADP	Indians	PROPN	 Indians
While active in Scientology, Beghe's relationship with Duchovny suffered, and Duchovny was referred to as a " Suppressive Person ", someone believed to be working against the Church of Scientology and not to be associated with. After leaving Scientology, Beghe contacted Andreas Heldal Lund	Lund	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
House of Usher seemed unsure of how to cope with the rush of action as Madeline returned from the grave; The Pit and the Pendulum has no such hesitations. From the great sequence in which Steele lures Price down into the crypt to the finale … its action	action	NOUN	is	AUX	 is
The industry reached its peak in the 1980s, with such successful films as Nagabonar (1987) and Catatan Si Boy (1989). Warkop's comedy films, directed by Arizal also proved to be successful. The industry has also found appeal among teens with such	such	ADJ	fare	NOUN	 fare
Bob Sassone of TV Squad admitted in his review that after seeing the promos for " Generalissimo " audibly groaned, and believed the story about a fictitious soap character resembling Baldwin's Jack would not work. He wrote that all of the " over the top surreal subplots	subplots	NOUN	"	PUNCT	 "
He then returned to the Segunda Divisão with Gondomar and he made his debut on 31 January 2010 in a 2 – 0 win against Vieira. His first goal for the club came one week later in a 4 – 4 draw with Espinho. Mendes scored his second	second	ADJ	goal	NOUN	 goal
The 9th SS had a Panzergrenadier brigade, a reconnaissance battalion, an artillery battalion, two batteries of self propelled guns and a company of tanks. Exactly how many men were available after the withdrawal from Normandy is unclear. Some sources suggest that the 9th had up	up	ADP	to	PART	 to
Breeding success rates were impacted severely by droughts in New South Wales. The nest is a bowl shaped structure of twigs lined with available materials such as leaves, wool, grass, bark, feathers, or occasionally horse manure or hair from cattle. The sticks are	are	AUX	generally	ADV	 generally
During the Han dynasty under Han Wudi (141 – 87 BCE), the Chinese government united and became powerful enough that China began to successfully indulge in imperialistic endeavors with its neighboring nations in East Asia. Han China's imperialism was a peaceful tributary system, which	which	PRON	focused	VERB	 focused
She writes, " In New England Nature is an up and down smart, decisive, housemother that has her times and seasons and brings up her ends of life with a positive jerk " and contrasts that characterization with Nature in Florida, an " indulgent old grandmother	grandmother	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
E. annectens differed from E. regalis by having a longer, lower, less robust skull. Although Brett Surman regarded E. regalis and E. annectens as potentially representing males and females of the same species, all E. regalis specimens come from older formations than E. annectens specimens.	.	PUNCT	Edmontosaurin	NOUN	 Edmontosaurin
Teams can also shoot each other's ships as friendly fire is activated. The game was displayed at Gamma IV in San Francisco and at the 2010 Game Developers Conference. 4fourths was Michael Rose of IndieGame.com's favorite game of the Gamma IV selections. It was later	later	ADV	chosen	VERB	 chosen
Truman, Margaret (1973). Harry S. Truman. New York: William Morrow. ISBN 978 0 688 00005 9. Weinstein, Allen (1997). Perjury: The Hiss Chambers Case (revised ed.). New York: Random House. ISBN	ISBN	PROPN	0	NUM	 0
' " During his life, the bulk of the British press treated Albert Victor with nothing but respect and the eulogies that immediately followed his death were full of praise. The radical politician, Henry Broadhurst, who had met both Albert Victor and his brother George,	,	PUNCT	noted	VERB	 noted
By 1920, the Cheka had become the most powerful institution in Soviet Russia, exerting influence over all other state apparatus. A decree in April 1919 resulted in the establishment of concentration camps, which were entrusted to the Cheka, although they were later administered by a	a	DET	new	ADJ	 new
The bear is often privy to Mr. Bean's various schemes and doubles as a tool or other items in emergencies; it has been decapitated (" Mr. Bean in Room 426 "), used as his paint brush (" Do It Yourself Mr. Bean ")	)	PUNCT	,	PUNCT	,
After two years of self imposed exile in Lebanon, he returned to Syria where he mostly abandoned political life. He died on 14 November 2006 and was buried near his hometown of al Qurayya. Atrash was born 3 February 1925 in the Druze community of al Qurayya	Qurayya	PROPN	in	ADP	 in
In the United Kingdom, the song debuted at number 90 on the UK Singles Chart dated October 15, 2011, and peaked at number 53 on November 12, 2011. It also charted on the UK R & B Singles Chart, where it peaked at number	number	NOUN	17	NUM	 17
It has been debated by biographers and band historians just how involved Clark was in the recording of The Notorious Byrd Brothers. Clark himself claimed during a 1988 interview for radio station KBSG 97 that he was involved in the recording of " Goin ' Back " and some	some	DET	other	ADJ	 other
: 441 443 Portia usually needs to inflict up to 15 stabbings to completely immobilise a larger spider (1.5 to 2 times to the Portia′ s weight: 428), and then Portia may wait about 20 to 200 millimetres away for 15 to 30 minutes from seizing	seizing	VERB	the	DET	 the
Prior to publication, New Era offered to buy out the publication rights to Bare faced Messiah but was rebuffed. Publisher Henry Holt had distributed 12,500 copies by the time New Era obtained a temporary restraining order to prevent shipment of the remaining copies from the first print run	run	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
It peaked at number three on both the Hot Rock Songs and Alternative Songs music charts, and holds the record for the most consecutive weeks spent on either chart, with sixty three and sixty five weeks respectively. The accompanying music video depicts actors in animal costumes engaging	engaging	VERB	in	ADP	 in
Cristina Kirchner, the first elected female president in Argentine history, is a Peronist who has occasionally been referred to as " The New Evita. " Kirchner says she does not want to compare herself to Evita, claiming she was a unique phenomenon in Argentine history.	.	PUNCT	Kirchner	PROPN	 Kirchner
The Smithsonian Institution divides Virginia into nine cultural regions. Besides the general cuisine of the Southern United States, Virginia maintains its own particular traditions. Virginia wine is made in many parts of the state. Smithfield ham, sometimes called " Virginia ham ", is a	a	DET	type	NOUN	 type
All of these species feature darkly amyloid flesh and thick walled cystidia. Based on this analysis, Miller considered C. jamaicensis to be insufficiently distinct genetically from C. vinicolor to warrant designation as a separate species; however, as of 2012, both MycoBank and Index Fungorum list	list	NOUN	it	PRON	 it
In 2004, Bell appeared in the Lifetime television film Gracie's Choice, which received one of the network's highest ratings. She made her debut in a theatrically released film, with David Mamet's Spartan, as Laura Newton, the kidnapped daughter of the U.S.	U.S.	PROPN	President	PROPN	 President
Astronomers use the WHT to conduct scientific research across most branches of observational astronomy, including solar system science, galactic astronomy, extragalactic astronomy and cosmology. Most of the instruments are designed to be useful for a range of different research. The WHT has been used to	to	PART	make	VERB	 make
She was on her way to a marketing meeting concerning the book, and informed him that they could not use one of the characters. He asked for time to think, but she was already late for the meeting. Off the top of his head, Salvatore	Salvatore	PROPN	said	VERB	 said
A performance of the song from the Virgin Tour was included on the VHS release Madonna Live: The Virgin Tour. During the Who's That Girl World Tour of 1987, Madonna performed it in a medley with " Material Girl " and " Like a Virgin "	"	PUNCT	.	PUNCT	.
That night, a small private funeral and burial were held for Lucy Fryer. On May 11, a grand jury was assembled in McLennan County and quickly returned an indictment against Washington; the trial was scheduled for May 15. The Times Herald of Waco published a	a	DET	notice	NOUN	 notice
Sarah Foot even made a case that Beowulf may have been composed in Æthelstan's circle. Æthelstan's court was the centre of a revival of the elaborate hermeneutic style of later Latin writers, influenced by the West Saxon scholar Aldhelm (c.639 – 709), and	and	CCONJ	by	ADP	 by
Lefebvre's column was forced out of the hamlet by the Austrians, who had four battalions, 1200 horse, and six cannons. After bringing up additional reinforcements — several light artillery, Chasseurs à Cheval, Hussars, and the 17th Regiment of Dragoons, Lefebvre was	was	AUX	able	ADJ	 able
The Boston Journal – in April 1917, on the advice of John Koren, Speyer had provided a loan to The Boston Journal newspaper to prevent it from going out of business. The newspaper had printed some articles of a pro German nature and the committee thought it	it	PRON	imprudent	VERB	 imprudent
London is the seat of the Government of the United Kingdom. Many government departments are based close to the Palace of Westminster, particularly along Whitehall, including the Prime Minister's residence at 10 Downing Street. The British Parliament is often referred to as the " Mother	Mother	PROPN	of	ADP	 of
Likewise, Fielding's bailiff misstates Virgil's " dolus an virtus, quis in hoste requirat " (translated as " whether deceit or valour, who would ask in the enemy ") when he says " Bolus and Virtus, quis in a Hostess equirit " in	in	ADP	Book	PROPN	 Book
In England, motte and bailey earthworks were put to various uses over later years; in some cases, mottes were turned into garden features in the 18th century, or reused as military defences during the Second World War. Today, almost no mottes of motte and	and	CCONJ	bailey	NOUN	 bailey
New York continued to pursue their strategy of signing free agents into the 1980s, but with less success, and the team eventually sank into mediocrity after 1981. In the early 1990s, the team began to improve as their roster was rebuilt around young players from their	their	PRON	minor	ADJ	 minor
These processors are known as scalar processors. The canonical example of a pipelined processor is a RISC processor, with five stages: instruction fetch (IF), instruction decode (ID), execute (EX), memory access (MEM), and register write	write	VERB	back	ADP	 back
There, he ran against a 10,000 – man Prussian force commanded by General von Wunsch; the Austrians decisively defeated the Prussians, with a loss of 20 men (wounded) against the Prussian losses of 800. Two weeks later, Wurmser advanced into the County of	of	ADP	Glatz	PROPN	 Glatz
This took place on 10 January 1945 shortly after which, in February, Tippett conducted the work at the Royal Albert Hall. The radio broadcast had been heard by Howard Hartog, a music writer and publisher who just after the war was in Occupied Germany, attempting	attempting	VERB	to	PART	 to
Alma was laid down at Lorient on 1 October 1865 and launched on 26 November 1867. The ship began her sea trials on 24 August 1869, but did not enter service until the following year, after sailing to Brest to have sheathing added to protect her armor	armor	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
In China's Geographic Foundations, Cressey focused on describing the 15 geographic regions of China, but he also devoted chapters to " history, topography, climate, agriculture, and foreign trade. " Writing in Political Science Quarterly, Grover Clark called the book " a	a	DET	clear	ADJ	 clear
The monarch also has the power to alter British territorial waters and cede territory. Her freedom to do these things in practice is doubtful, in that they might deprive British citizens of their nationality and rights. When the island of Heligoland was ceded to Germany in 1890	1890	NUM	,	PUNCT	,
Grey, Yang, Karev, and Stevens are all promoted to residents, in the season four premiere, while O'Malley is forced to repeat his internship year, following his failing of the intern exam. Subsequently, Torres and O'Malley divorce one another, due to him	him	PRON	having	VERB	 having
The origin of this vessel, an abandoned and burning ship's boat laden with highly flammable material, is uncertain, but it may have been launched from Guerrier as the battle began. Peuple Souverain anchored not far from Orient, but took no further part in the	the	DET	fighting	NOUN	 fighting
Despite this reorganisation GQG remained dysfunctional with the Second Bureau, described as " perennial optimists " by Horne, again responsible for providing deceptive assessments of German casualties, at one point in the Battle of Verdun simply adding " a hundred thousand or thereabouts " every fortnight to	to	ADP	the	DET	 the
Wheeler had been expecting and openly hoping for war with Nazi Germany for a year prior to the outbreak of hostilities; he believed that the United Kingdom's involvement in the conflict would remedy the shame that he thought had been brought upon the country by its signing of	of	ADP	the	DET	 the
", the album was their most anticipated effort, and as such became the subject of considerable media attention. By the end of the first day of release, Be Here Now sold 424,000 units and by the end of business on Saturday of that week sales had	had	AUX	reached	VERB	 reached
The Clue Crew has traveled to 280 cities worldwide, spanning all 50 of the United States and 44 other countries. In addition to appearing in Jeopardy! clue videos, the team's members also travel to meet fans of the show and future contestants. Occasionally,	,	PUNCT	they	PRON	 they
The possession by the Turks of the road Nablus – Jisr ed Damie – Es Salt is of great advantage to them; and, until I get it, I can't occupy Es Salt with my troops or the Arabs. Another reason for moving to this line	line	NOUN	is	AUX	 is
Cisneros's biographer Robin Ganz writes that she acknowledges her mother's family name came from a very humble background, tracing its roots back to Guanajuato, Mexico, while her father's was much more " admirable ". Taking work as an upholsterer to support his family	family	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
William Hanna was born to William John and Avice Joyce (Denby) Hanna on July 14, 1910 in Melrose, New Mexico. He was the third of seven children and the only son. Hanna claimed there was no " war between the sexes " nor sibling	sibling	VERB	rivalry	NOUN	 rivalry
In some areas, fishers can become pests to farmers when they raid chicken coops. There have been a few instances of fishers preying on cats and small dogs; but in general, the evidence suggests these attacks are rare. A 1979 study examined the stomach contents	contents	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
A tropical wave emerged off the west coast of Africa on September 16. The system uneventfully crossed the Atlantic and Caribbean, before developing into Tropical Depression Fifteen while near Honduras on September 28. The depression gradually strengthened, and became Tropical Storm Keith on the following day	day	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
A summative view similar to those of Johnson and Regan is that of Robert Crawford, who argues that " In various ways, Larkin's work depends on, and develops from, Modernism. " Furthermore, he " demonstrates just how slippery the word ' English '	'	PUNCT	is	AUX	 is
It aired in the United States on the Syfy on September 16, 2007. Filmed in Winnipeg, Manitoba, the film is the 2nd title in the Maneater Series produced under an agreement with Syfy. Featuring a cast of four, the film focuses on a group	group	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
As the fleet sailed north, it was met by a dispatch vessel sent by Thomas Matthews, captain of the Chester. She carried deserters from the French garrison, who reported that morale was extremely low. Nicholson sent the ship ahead with one of the transports;	;	PUNCT	when	SCONJ	 when
The show is popular at fan conventions, such as the San Diego hosted Comic Con. Reporter Emma Lee Moss said, " This year's [2014] Comic Con schedule reflected Adventure Time's growing success, with several screenings, a dramatic reading with the show	show	NOUN	's	PART	's
However, Bart's habit of calling adults by their first names and his overall annoying attitude irritates George. Eventually, after Bart accidentally shreds George's newly typed memoirs, the former President takes Bart across his knee and spanks him. Upon learning this, an outraged	outraged	ADJ	Homer	PROPN	 Homer
Two criminals named Wilson and Robertson took this as an opportunity to escape, and although Wilson did not make it out of the church, Robertson escaped completely. Wilson had been a smuggler who supplied his fellow citizens with goods, and because of this and the unpopularity	unpopularity	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
Their marriage was part of Eystein's strategy of building alliances in Eastern Norway. They had a daughter, Maria, who became the mother of the future royal pretender Olaf Ugjæva by her marriage to the lendmann Gudbrand Skavhoggsson. Olaf was named king in 1165, during	during	ADP	the	DET	 the
The next day, he collapsed and was rushed into surgery at St. Luke's Hospital to control a severely swollen prostate. After his recovery, MacArthur methodically began to carry out the closing acts of his life. He visited the White House for a final reunion with	with	ADP	Eisenhower	PROPN	 Eisenhower
However, English was the language in which education was delivered at all stages of education following primary school. Debate continued until the 1930s over which language should be used in Maltese education - Italian or English. During World War I, the interwar years and World War	War	PROPN	II	PROPN	 II
The two sides began drafting contracts in Jan. 1985 and follow through meetings began on Mar. 16. Jackson's team described the negotiations as frustrating, with frequent shifts of position by the other side. One Holmes à Court rep described the negotiations as a " game of	of	ADP	poker	NOUN	 poker
An archaeological excavation in the early 1990s uncovered evidence of the site having been settled during the late Bronze Age or early Iron Age, potentially making the Castle Rock the longest continually occupied site in Scotland. However, the extent of the finds was not particularly significant and	and	CCONJ	was	AUX	 was
Bush responded that some of the candidates had " frightened some candidates ", but at the same time expressed her liking of the Republican Party having room for difference of opinion and that within the party, " we have room for all ". Throughout 2015, Bush	Bush	PROPN	was	AUX	 was
" The album features Raymond Bazemore as narrator; Goodfellow described Bazemore's " occasionally sing song narration " in New Morning for the World as " Lincolnesque ". He wrote that Flagello's work contained " writing of remarkable clarity and Italianate warmth ", but thought Bazemore	Bazemore	PROPN	's	PART	's
In 2002, much attention has been drawn by the fuzzball model in string theory. Based on calculations for specific situations in string theory, the proposal suggests that generically the individual states of a black hole solution do not have an event horizon or singularity, but that	that	SCONJ	for	ADP	 for
In addition to his film and television career, Morse has continued to appear on stage. For his performance in the 1997 Off Broadway production of Paula Vogel's Pulitzer Prize winning drama How I Learned to Drive, he received an Obie Award, a Drama League Award	Award	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
Dulli subsequently took a drive in his car and listened to the album while observing his scenery, a practice he continued with future albums. The album expands on the aggressive sound of the band's previous work with refined musical details and occasionally slower songs. In The	The	DET	Rough	PROPN	 Rough
Although the 2nd Battalion was turned back after encountering strong resistances, the South Koreans managed to capture several Chinese prisoners who revealed that there were nearly 10,000 Chinese soldiers waiting down the road. At the same time, the PVA High Command ordered the PVA 120th Division of	of	ADP	the	DET	 the
This photograph sold at an auction in London in April 2002 for about $13,000. In the liner notes to Season of Glass, Ono explained that the album was not dedicated to Lennon because " he would have been offended — he was one of us. "	"	PUNCT	The	DET	 The
Three indirect deaths in the United Kingdom were attributed to the remnants of Gonzalo. The system later contributed to torrential rains over the Balkans, which resulted in severe flooding in Greece and Bulgaria. On October 19, the remnants of Tropical Storm Trudy emerged over the Bay	Bay	PROPN	of	ADP	 of
On August 24, Washington replaced Sullivan with Israel Putnam who commanded the troops on Long Island. Putnam arrived on Long Island the next day along with six battalions. Also that day the British troops on Long Island received 5,000 Hessian reinforcements, bringing their total to 20,000	20,000	NUM	.	PUNCT	.
Overall, Agnes caused 131 fatalities and over $2.1 billion in damage. An area of disturbed weather appeared on satellite imagery while forming within an old frontal zone on August 21. At 1200 UTC on the following day, a subtropical depression developed about 290 mi (	(	PUNCT	470	NUM	470
After lengthy repairs, the ship supported forces participating in the Guadalcanal Campaign and her aircraft sank the light carrier Ryūjō in the Battle of the Eastern Solomons in August 1942. She was again torpedoed the following month and returned to the Solomon Islands area after repairs were completed	completed	VERB	.	PUNCT	.
According to a document filed by one of Vick's attorneys, she used a power of attorney from Vick to " wrongfully remove " at least another $900,000 from his various accounts. Court papers also alleged Wong " caused certain business entities owned by [Vick]	]	PUNCT	to	PART	 to
The ship's fuel supply was increased from 4,400 long tons (4,500 t) to 4,850 long tons (4,930 t) to prevent the fuel shortage problems suffered by King George V and Rodney during their pursuit of the German battleship Bismarck. The Unrotated Projectile mounts were	were	AUX	deleted	VERB	 deleted
Church attendance continues on a long, slow, steady decline, according to Church of England statistics. London is also home to sizeable Muslim, Hindu, Sikh, and Jewish communities. Notable mosques include the East London Mosque in Tower Hamlets, London Central Mosque on	on	ADP	the	DET	 the
He also joined a five person editorial committee to run The Watch Tower from the December 15, 1916 issue. Russell's will, drawn up in 1907, had named the five people he wished to run the magazine after his death; Rutherford appeared only on a	a	DET	second	ADJ	 second
Meanwhile, Ann fantasises about the Master, futilely hoping that he will visit. Ann discovers that her predecessor, Emily Jessel (Lightfoot), is buried in Bly's church, and is told that Jessel killed herself. She also begins to see the figures of	of	ADP	a	DET	 a
Elizabeth immediately visits their house, coercing an invitation for dinner that night. While at dinner, Elizabeth excuses herself from the table in order to search the house. She discovers nothing, but soon finds herself locked in a bedroom. Neal, speaking to her through	through	ADP	a	DET	 a
Brisbane himself remained in distant contact with Leissègues for another day before the French squadron sheered away. Brisbane continued southwards with the remainder of his convoy, seeking the British blockade squadron at Cadiz. On 20 November 1805, the French squadron under Contre Admiral Allemand encountered a	a	DET	British	ADJ	 British
On 9 October he underwent examination for membership in Bologna's Accademia Filarmonica, offering as his test piece the antiphon Quaerite primum regnum, K. 86 / 73v. According to Gutman, under ordinary circumstances Wolfgang's " floundering " attempt at this unfamiliar polyphonic form would not	not	PART	have	AUX	 have
Because of her background, Reyes considered that these believers may have simply formed a cult, but did not rule out the possibility of alien intervention. She stayed with the case until after Mulder was returned by his abductors, but returned to her field office soon after	after	ADV	.	PUNCT	.
Over time, the media in both Australia and the United States began to pay more attention to Diem's autocratic style and religious bias, especially after the eruption of the Buddhist crisis in 1963, and the iconic self immolation of Thích Quảng Đức. After six months	months	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
The Book of Taliesyn was the first release by Harvest Records, a new sub label which EMI executives had devised as an outlet for British underground progressive rock groups. " Kentucky Woman ", with " Wring That Neck " as B side, was the only single	single	ADJ	released	VERB	 released
Military conscription was introduced following a postwar hiatus and, under the careful tutelage of the Soviet advisers, the army soon reached its permanent size of 400,000 men. The Soviet style secret police and the central security office Urząd Bezpieczeństwa (UB) grew to around 32,000 agents	agents	NOUN	as	ADP	 as
Depp said regardless of the original film, Gene Wilder's characterization of Willy Wonka stood out as a unique portrayal. Depp and Burton derived their Willy Wonka from children's television show hosts such as Bob Keeshan (Captain Kangaroo), Fred Rogers, and Al Lewis	Lewis	PROPN	from	ADP	 from
" Whaam! adapts a panel by Irv Novick from the " Star Jockey " story from issue No. 89 of DC Comics ' All American Men of War (Feb. 1962). The original forms part of a dream sequence in which fictional World War II P	P	PROPN	51	NUM	 51
In addition to the single player campaign, players have access to online multiplayer through the game's main menu. The multiplayer features two modes: a competitive mode where players face each other in various stages, and a co op mode where a team of players face	face	VERB	bosses	NOUN	 bosses
Weidner also provided the mixing of the song. All of its mastering was done at the Metropolis Studios in London and the Gateway Mastering in Portland, Maine. " Shame " was released as the lead and only single from In and Out of Consciousness: Greatest Hits	Hits	PROPN	1990	NUM	 1990
Three days later, Campbell and Henry each scored as Aston Villa were beaten by two goals. Arsenal continued their perfect start to the season, with an away win against Manchester City on 31 August 2003. As Campbell was suspended, Martin Keown came into the first	first	ADJ	team	NOUN	 team
According to our present understanding, the electromagnetic field itself is produced by photons, which in turn result from a local gauge symmetry and the laws of quantum field theory (see the Second quantization and Gauge boson sections below). A key element of quantum mechanics is	is	AUX	Heisenberg	PROPN	 Heisenberg
Despite the lack of success, Worsley still believed treasure was to be found on the island and hoped to return. He never did, although his treasure hunting exploits provided plenty of material for his lecture tours. When the Second World War broke out in September 1939	1939	NUM	,	PUNCT	,
A bridge was moved from rural Pennsylvania in 1921 to carry the road over the Dead River. The Huron Mountain Club opposed the highway, and with the aid of Henry Ford, the road's construction was stopped during the 1920s, leaving a gap in the routing	routing	NOUN	through	ADP	 through
In an attempt to reduce the level of car use, park and ride schemes have been introduced, with sites at Odd Down, Lansdown and Newbridge. Paradoxically, a very large increase in city centre parking was provided under the new shopping centre, which necessarily introduces	introduces	VERB	more	ADJ	 more
After a rigorous training session that made Matthews vomit, his mother, Elizabeth, stood firm and made Jack realise that his son, who had one more year at school, should follow his passion of football. His father conceded that should he be picked for England	England	PROPN	Schoolboys	PROPN	 Schoolboys
He finished this spell with 11 appearances for Wrexham, as well as featuring in the 4 – 1 victory over Rhyl in the FAW Premier Cup Final. He threatened to leave Sunderland in May if he would not be guaranteed first team football the following season. After	After	ADP	training	NOUN	 training
With the mediation of Scipione Piattoli, Potocki and Poniatowski begun to reach a consensus on a more constitutional monarchy approach, and started to draft a constitutional document. Overall, the first two years of the Sejm passed with few major reforms, and it was the second	second	ADJ	half	NOUN	 half
Located approximately 95 miles (153 km) from the main campus in Wenatchee, it was established in the 1970s, and offers adult education classes and two year associate degrees. Based in Toppenish about 215 miles (346 km) away, Heritage University operates an Omak	Omak	PROPN	campus	NOUN	 campus
The third stage of the race was a 10.9 km (7 mi) individual time trial at Lusail. The course followed a route that went past the Lusail Iconic Stadium, Lusail Sports Arena and Lusail International Circuit. The riders were not allowed to use time trial	trial	NOUN	bicycles	NOUN	 bicycles
In 1989, Lasseter's growing animation department, originally composed of just four people (Lasseter, Bill Reeves, Eben Ostby, and Sam Leffler), was turned into a division that produced computer animated commercials for outside companies. Early successes included campaigns for Tropicana,	,	PUNCT	Listerine	PROPN	 Listerine
One of these towers is known to have been built at St Elmo Point on the Sciberras Peninsula by the Aragonese in 1488. In 1530, the Maltese islands along with the North African port city of Tripoli were given to the Order of Saint John by Emperor Charles	Charles	PROPN	V.	PROPN	 V.
Dassault describes the OSF as being immune to jamming and capable of providing covert long range surveillance. In 2012, an improved version of the OSF was deployed operationally. Initial deliveries of the Rafale M were to the F1 (" France 1 ") standard, these	these	PRON	had	AUX	 had
These new coins initially proved popular, though the two cent piece soon faded from circulation. On March 3, 1865, Congress passed legislation authorizing the Mint to strike three cent pieces of 75% copper and 25% nickel. In 1864, Congress had authorized a	a	DET	third	ADJ	 third
The song's beat drew several comparisons to that of Michael Jackson's 1983 single " Billie Jean ". Its hook comes from a simple progression of power chords alternating between G and A flat, suggesting Phrygian mode. " Hella Good " follows a verse chorus form	form	NOUN	with	ADP	 with
Katheryn Elizabeth Hudson was born in Santa Barbara, California, to Pentecostal pastors Mary Christine (née Perry) and Maurice Keith Hudson. Her parents are born again Christians, each having turned to God after a " wild youth ". Perry has English, German,	,	PUNCT	Irish	ADJ	 Irish
In the Third Intermediate Period and the following Late Period (664 – 323 BC), the weakened Egyptian state fell to a series of outside powers, experiencing only occasional periods of independence. Many of these foreign rulers funded and expanded temples to strengthen their claim to	to	ADP	the	DET	 the
The next few days of testimony were filled with accounts from African American enlisted men from Divisions Two, Four and Eight, who were not standing accused of mutiny. Some of these men had already been convicted of disobeying orders in summary courts martial. The testimony of	of	ADP	the	DET	 the
" He helped Rushden to runners up spot in the Conference in 2000, and retained his place in England's semi professional side. In the 2000 – 01 season, his appearances were infrequent, and in December 2000, Dover made an unsuccessful attempt to buy him	him	PRON	back	ADP	 back
Louisville, meanwhile, returned to its winning ways. The Cardinals, following their loss to the Mountaineers, won their first Big East game in school history the next week, over the Cincinnati Bearcats, 46 – 22. The rout of Cincinnati sparked a five game	game	NOUN	winning	VERB	 winning
The proximity of nesting to human habitation has also left nests open to destruction by children. Although generally a peaceful bird, which lives quite happily alongside humans, the willie wagtail will defend its nest aggressively. Willie wagtails are known to swoop at passers by, much	much	ADV	like	ADP	 like
In 1998 Tierney was named a Knight of the Order of St. Gregory the Great by Pope John Paul II. Tierney Group and Tierney & Partners, later renamed Tierney Communications, was bought by True North Communications in 1998, which is now part of Interpublic Group.	.	PUNCT	Tierney	PROPN	 Tierney
According to Nielsen ratings, " New Boss " was watched by 7.95 million overall viewers in its original airing. Michael (Steve Carell) wants to throw a party to celebrate his fifteenth anniversary working at Dunder Mifflin. He becomes unnerved when Charles Miner (Idris Elba	Elba	PROPN	)	PUNCT	)
Windle was appointed the captain of the men's Olympic swimming team, gaining selection for the 100 m and 200 m freestyle events and the respective freestyle relays. He was not selected for the 1500 m freestyle, ending the defence of his Olympic title before the team	team	NOUN	had	AUX	 had
Barrowman recalls his family as loving, but strict and mindful of etiquette: always polite and respectful towards others. Comparing the two countries where he was raised, Barrowman concludes: " Scotland gave us, as a family, closeness; America gave us the get up	up	ADP	and	CCONJ	 and
The Italian style of classical music was probably first brought to Scotland by the Italian cellist and composer Lorenzo Bocchi, who travelled to Scotland in the 1720s, introducing the cello to the country and then developing settings for lowland Scots songs. He possibly had a hand in	in	ADP	the	DET	 the
After securing the island, the 2 / 12th began work on building Vivigani Airfield on its east coast. The Allies continued to develop the base area at Milne Bay in support of the counter offensive along the northern coast of Papua and New Guinea. The American base	base	NOUN	became	VERB	 became
Quarterback Al Hill led the nation in touchdowns with 23, and tackle Bill Fincher kicked 49 extra points. A number of Georgia Tech players received post season honors. Walker Carpenter, Everett Strupper, and Joe Guyon were All America selections, with Carpenter and Strupper the	the	DET	first	ADJ	 first
Quinn and Finn go together for her ultrasound appointment, and they learn that she is expecting a girl. Finn, trying to be supportive, suggests they name the baby Drizzle, but Quinn is adamant she is having it adopted and is annoyed at his lack of	of	ADP	understanding	NOUN	 understanding
Certain gems can be acquired by other means, like reaching the end of a level within a certain time parameter, or completing a level without breaking any boxes. " Bonus Paths ", signified by platforms with a question mark (?) on them, lead	lead	VERB	Crash	PROPN	 Crash
It was absolutely astounding, and if I had seen it on a cinematograph film I should have sworn that it was faked! " Captain Robert Patrick Miles, King's Shropshire Light Infantry, who was attached to the Royal Irish Rifles recalled in an edited letter that	that	PRON	was	AUX	 was
Drvar reverted to Partisan control within a few weeks of the operation. The operation was a failure, as Tito, his principal headquarters staff and the allied military personnel escaped, despite their presence in Drvar at the time of the airborne assault. The operation failed due	due	ADP	to	ADP	 to
These closed fruitbody species represent a continuum of secotioid to gasteroid, above ground to below ground fruitbodies, with spores forcibly discharged or not. Secotioid or gasteroid Lactarius exude latex just like their agaricoid relatives. The corticioid species of Boidinia, Gloeopeniophorella, and Pseudoxenasma develop crust	crust	NOUN	like	ADP	 like
Into this powder keg came the news that England's Glorious Revolution had taken place; the Catholic King James II had been deposed and replaced with the Protestant William of Orange. In an attempt to maintain control in the colony, Governor Joseph quickly canceled the session of	of	ADP	the	DET	 the
The age distribution was 24.3% under the age of 18, 21.7% from 18 to 24, 30.5% from 25 to 44, 18.2% from 45 to 64, and 5.3% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 27	27	NUM	years	NOUN	 years
In the end, McCain won 173 electoral college votes to Obama's 365; McCain failed to win most of the battleground states and lost some traditionally Republican ones. McCain gained 46 percent of the nationwide popular vote, compared to Obama's 53 percent. Following his	his	PRON	defeat	NOUN	 defeat
The band's debut single, " Retard Girl ", was issued in April 1990 through the Long Beach indie label Sympathy for the Record Industry, and was given air time by Rodney Bingenheimer's local station, KROQ. That fall, the band appeared on the	the	DET	cover	NOUN	 cover
The black patch has a raised edge and appears to be a distinct part of the face. The eyelid and eyering are a thin line of black surrounding the bird's large, dark brown eyes. The beak is robust, disproportionately large, and black. This	This	DET	beak	NOUN	 beak
) The first point of attack was the battery at Cachacrou, where the British garrison, befuddled by drink and with inoperative cannons, was overcome without significant resistance around dawn on 7 September. Two of the 48th Regiment's soldiers were driven over the ramparts and fell	fell	VERB	to	ADP	 to
Exceptionally heavy rainfall in November 2012 caused a major break in the Grand Western Canal's banks, near Halberton, necessitating nearby homes to be evacuated. Two temporary dams were installed which allowed the rest of the canal to remain open and meant the horse drawn barge at	at	ADP	Tiverton	PROPN	 Tiverton
All Mesoamerican cultures used Stone Age technology; after c. 1000 AD copper, silver and gold were worked. Mesoamerica lacked draft animals, did not use the wheel, and possessed few domesticated animals; the principal means of transport was on foot or by canoe. Mesoamericans	Mesoamericans	NOUN	viewed	VERB	 viewed
Deep convection became very concentric around the 11.5 mile (18.5 km) wide eye, and the hurricane reached winds of 125 mph (205 km / h) early on August 31. At this time, the deepest convection near the eye degraded in appearance, and	and	CCONJ	Fabian	PROPN	 Fabian
Zhu Shugui was acting in the name of the dead Yongli Emperor. The Qing then sent the 17 Ming princes still living on Taiwan back to mainland China where they spent the rest of their lives. Koxinga's grandson Zheng Keshuang was rewarded by the Qing Emperor with	with	ADP	the	DET	 the
With the help of his wealthy mother in law, he purchased his first property — a coffee farm — in 1838. He acquired more lands in 1849, further expanding his plantation. Due to growing international demand, coffee had become the most valuable export commodity for	for	ADP	Brazil	PROPN	 Brazil
" The Coens decided early in the writing process to include the picture as a key element in the room. " Our intention, " Joel explained later, " was that the room would have very little decoration, that the walls would be bare and that the	the	DET	windows	NOUN	 windows
This section of the stream has 579 brook trout per acre (1430 per hectare) that are less than 6.9 inches (175 mm) long and 32 per acre (80 per hectare) that are more than 6.9 inches (175 mm) long. It has	has	VERB	59	NUM	 59
In November 1942, he was appointed commander of the US Caribbean Defense Command and remained in this post for the rest of the war. George Howard Brett was born in Cleveland, Ohio on 7 February 1886, the second of five children of William Howard Brett,	,	PUNCT	a	DET	 a
Braathens SAFE later proposed that they could fly directly from Bergen and Ålesund to Bodø and Bardufoss, but Braathens SAFE's application was rejected by the ministry. All concessions ended on 31 March 1961, and the ministry extended them all one year. Three new airports,	,	PUNCT	Alta	PROPN	 Alta
The team's games are regularly broadcast live on HRT. Shortly after becoming manager, Slaven Bilić and his rock band released a single, " Vatreno Ludilo " (Fiery Madness), which recalled the team's progress during the 1998 World Cup and praised their present	present	ADJ	ambitions	NOUN	 ambitions
The museum, created by her great niece Cristina Alvarez Rodriquez, houses many of Eva Perón's clothes, portraits, and artistic renderings of her life, and has become a popular tourist attraction. The museum was opened in a building that was once used by the	the	DET	Eva	PROPN	 Eva
Before getting into a van, Rihanna says that the tour was one of her best experiences of her life and talks how she will miss her fans the next upcoming year. Scenes are intercut with the start of the show at The O2 Arena. After the interlude	interlude	NOUN	Rihanna	PROPN	 Rihanna
Group 89 (Artillery) was equipped with recoilless rifles, medium mortars and heavy machine guns. Local Forces included D445 Provincial Mobile Battalion, a provincial unit normally operating in the south of the province and in Long Khanh, while guerrilla forces included two companies in the	the	DET	Chau	PROPN	 Chau
To serve the seaplanes, a quay was established at Hell. On 1 July 1968, four airports in Helgeland opened: Namsos Airport, Høknesøra, Brønnøysund Airport, Brønnøy, Sandnessjøen Airport, Stokka and Mo i Rana Airport, Røssvoll. These were served by Widerøe	Widerøe	PROPN	with	ADP	 with
Not long after they arrived and started digging in, the gliders of the 6th Airlanding Brigade began landing to their rear. Expecting a Germans counterattack, protective trenches were completed by nightfall. The first night 6 / 7 June was uneventful and " stand to " was	was	AUX	04	NUM	 04
" However, that was not the case here. In dissent, Justice Gummow recognised that " the focusing of attention on whether detention is ' penal or punitive in character ' is apt to mislead ", and emphasised the purpose of detention as the fundamental criterion by	by	ADP	which	PRON	 which
He spent hours reconnoitring the terrain, sometimes trying to contain and reason with fleeing, routing scores of French infantrymen and artillerymen of the 55th and 71st Infantry Divisions, and travelling around the area to various regimental headquarters, looking for his Corps commander, General Gransard (	(	PUNCT	whom	PRON	whom
" The four films were Dream of a Motion Picture Director, The Widow Casey's Return, A Prize Package (all 1912) and One on Romance (1913). The films were produced by the Philadelphia based Lubin Manufacturing Company and were lost in an explosion	explosion	NOUN	and	CCONJ	 and
On the January 16, 2012, episode of Raw, Swagger won the United States Championship for the first time by defeating Zack Ryder. At Elimination Chamber, Swagger successfully defended his title against Justin Gabriel. On the February 27 episode of Raw, Swagger and Ziggler	Ziggler	PROPN	unsuccessfully	ADV	 unsuccessfully
Similarly, Highway 16, the continuation of the highway into Manitoba, is also to be twinned and become an expressway. The road also serves as part of the Circle Drive in Saskatoon. The Yellowhead began as the Yellowhead Red River cart trail. When the province	province	NOUN	was	AUX	 was
In assessing Thorpe's ten years as party leader, Clegg credits him with providing " the driving force that continued the Liberal revival that began under Jo Grimond ", and Douglas Murray, writing for The Spectator, recognises his strategy of identifying and concentrating on winnable seats	seats	NOUN	as	ADP	 as
A novel based on the series, Gyakuten Saiban: Turnabout Idol, is planned to be released in 2016. Ace Attorney drama CDs and albums with Ace Attorney music have also been released. Ace Attorney characters have made cross over appearances in other video games. Some	Some	DET	Ace	PROPN	 Ace
Anne had explained before that she did not wish the public to know that her relationship with Sarah was failing, because any sign that Sarah was out of favour would have a damaging impact on the Duke of Marlborough's authority as Captain General. Sarah was kept in	in	ADV	all	PRON	 all
After lunch on day four, with England on 3 / 191, the light was poor with clouds gathering, although England did not appeal against it. Yardley wanted to bat in poor visibility so that he could build a lead, so that if a shower came	came	VERB	later	ADV	 later
As the Muslim forces were geographically divided, Heraclius sought to exploit this situation and planned to attack. He did not wish to engage in a single pitched battle but rather to employ central position and fight the enemy in detail by concentrating large forces against each of the	the	DET	Muslim	ADJ	 Muslim
Three months later, on September 19, Osan would be the location where the U.S. and U.N. forces under the command of the Eighth Army, advancing from the south, would meet up with forces of X Corps, advancing from the north after having recently surprised the	the	DET	North	PROPN	 North
" He married Esther M. Freck, his high school sweetheart and the younger sister of a childhood friend, on October 28, 1915. Esther often attended spring training and traveled with her husband's team during the season. Together, the couple had a daughter,	,	PUNCT	Jane	PROPN	 Jane
Recording sessions occurred at The Record Plant and Chartmarker Studios in Los Angeles, California in the same year. " Un Break My Heart " was released as the second single from Secrets on November 11, 1996. Produced by David Foster, " Un Break My Heart	Heart	NOUN	"	PUNCT	 "
They conspired to eliminate Lombardo, a task they assigned to hitmen Frank " Tight Lips " and Peter Gusenberg. Lombardo was shot to death on a busy Chicago street on September 7, 1928, and although never arrested, at least one of the Gusenberg brothers is	is	AUX	believed	VERB	 believed
Dr. Nick Riviera is voiced by Hank Azaria, who used a " bad Ricky Ricardo " impression. The animators modeled Dr. Nick after then supervising director Gábor Csupó, because they mistakenly believed that Azaria was impersonating him. The Blue Haired Lawyer, who does not have	have	VERB	a	DET	 a
Back in the Americas, Hirsh tried to promote the unfinished feature before its deadline; unable to get available footage, he instead managed to show potential marketers some Leica reels and a few moments of completed colour animation. According to him, it was the first time	time	NOUN	an	DET	 an
The Haridasa movement of the sixteenth century contributed significantly to the development of Karnataka (Carnatic) music as a performing art form. Purandara Dasa, one of the most revered Haridasas, is known as the Karnataka Sangeeta Pitamaha (' Father of Karnataka a.k.a. Carnatic music	music	NOUN	'	PUNCT	 '
After a short time living back with his parents in Acton, Friday's family secured him a housing association flat in the area. He served a prison sentence during the 1980s for impersonating a police officer and confiscating people's drugs, and was found dead in his	his	PRON	Acton	PROPN	 Acton
After subtracting the signals of the previously known Gliese 581 planets, b, c, d and e, the signals of two additional planets were apparent: a 445 day signal from a newly recognized outermost planet designated f, and the 37 day signal from Gliese 581	581	NUM	g.	NOUN	 g.
Upon entering Northeast Philadelphia, the route follows Red Lion Road and U.S. Route 1 (US 1) before heading southeast on a freeway called Woodhaven Road to I 95. What would become PA 63 was originally designated as Legislative Route 198 in 1911, running from Green	Green	PROPN	Lane	PROPN	 Lane
Buses are generally favoured for commuting short to medium distances, while train fares are more economical for longer distance commutes. The Mumbai Darshan is a tourist bus service which explores numerous tourist attractions in Mumbai. Bus Rapid Transit System (BRTS) lanes have been planned throughout	throughout	ADP	Mumbai	PROPN	 Mumbai
Purebred rough collie Lad and his owners, Stephen (Peter Breck) and Elizabeth Tremayne (Peggy McCay), are visited by their wealthy neighbor Hamilcar Q. Glure (Carroll O'Connor) and his 8 year old daughter Angela (Angela Cartwright), who is crippled from	from	ADP	polio	NOUN	 polio
This would require them to invest NOK 20 million in an event administration, which would increase event revenue, but at the same time move the risk from Stabæk Holding to Stabæk Fotball. If the club declined the option, they would not be allowed to play at	at	ADP	the	DET	 the
During the 1880s the armament of Fusō was augmented several times. In June 1883 seven quadruple barreled 25.4 millimeter (1.0 in) Nordenfelt machine guns were added for defense against torpedo boats. Five were positioned on the upper deck and one each in the fighting tops.	.	PUNCT	Three	NUM	 Three
A two chamber parliament in Palermo and in Naples was formed. The formation of the parliament brought the end of feudalism in the Kingdom. After the defeat of Napoleon in 1815 Ferdinand repealed all reforms. The people of Sicily rebelled but were defeated by Spanish and Austrian	Austrian	ADJ	forces	NOUN	 forces
B cells are involved in the humoral immune response, whereas T cells are involved in cell mediated immune response. Both B cells and T cells carry receptor molecules that recognize specific targets. T cells recognize a " non self " target, such as a pathogen,	,	PUNCT	only	ADV	 only
She admitted that she was the author at her divorce trial in 1942. She explained that it was written as a response to B ' nai B ' rith. She stated: " It airs their dirty lying attempts to shut every Christian mouth and prevent anyone from	from	ADP	getting	VERB	 getting
Barnett, Louise (2006). Touched by fire: the life, death, and mythic afterlife of George Armstrong. Bison Books. ISBN 978 0 8032 6266 9. Bunting III, Josiah (2001). A. M. Schlesinger Junior, ed. Ulysses S.	S.	PROPN	Grant	PROPN	 Grant
A large portion of Oldham's residences are " low value " Victorian era Accrington red brick terraced houses in a row formation, built for the most part from 1870 to 1920, to house the town's cotton mill workers. There is more modern housing in the	the	DET	semi	PROPN	 semi
Relieved as flagship of the 7th Fleet on 1 April by sister ship Iowa, Wisconsin departed Yokosuka, bound for the United States. En route home, she touched briefly at Guam, where she took part in the successful test of the Navy's largest floating dry	dry	ADJ	dock	NOUN	 dock
" This statement had been accepted as a recantation by Cardinal Hamer in December 1985. After learning of the Vatican response, Farley said Hamer's assumption was in error, that she had never recanted or asked that her signature be removed. She said, " What	What	PRON	I	PRON	 I
The original route to join the Trent has been severed by the building of the A52 road. A route was identified which followed the course of the Polser Brook, which passes under the A52 to the north of the canal, but by 2009, three possible solutions	solutions	NOUN	were	AUX	 were
NY 35 exited Rochester on Blossom Road and followed it east to modern NY 286. The remainder of Browncroft Boulevard was designated as New York State Route 35B, an alternate route of NY 35, in the mid 1930s. The NY 35 and NY 35B designations were	were	AUX	eliminated	VERB	 eliminated
Despite his lack of interest in the job, Ron occasionally demonstrates he is a good manager who recognizes the abilities of his co workers. He claims not to be interested in the personal lives of those around him, and that his best friend was a co worker	worker	NOUN	he	PRON	 he
His grandmother had been married there and his mother was born there. In 1971, the family moved to a larger, modern house on the new estates at Knotty Ash, and Seldon Street was later demolished. As a child, Morrissey was greatly interested in film	film	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
In 1927, Prokofiev made his first concert tour in the Soviet Union. Over the course of more than two months, he spent time in Moscow and Leningrad (as Saint Petersburg had been renamed), where he enjoyed a very successful staging of The Love for	for	ADP	Three	NUM	 Three
According to reports from New Scientist, Dugway was still producing small quantities of anthrax as late as 1998, 30 years after the United States renounced biological weapons. There were at least 1,100 other chemical tests at Dugway during the time period of the Dugway sheep incident.	.	PUNCT	In	ADP	 In
ISBN 0 89672 266 X Words and Life. edited by James F. Conant. Cambridge, Mass.: Harvard University Press, 1994. 9780674956070 Description. ISBN 0 674 95607 9 Pragmatism: An Open Question. Oxford: Blackwell, 1995. ISBN 0 631 19343 X	X	PROPN	The	DET	 The
The episode received a similar response in international markets. It premiered in 122 countries in thirty five languages, with a total viewership of 10 million and an average rating of 2.0 in most metered television markets. It was first broadcast in Spain on October 17, 2011	2011	NUM	,	PUNCT	,
Those on the most popular routes, such as the Goûter Hut, now require all climbers to pre book. Some tiny huts, such as the remote Eccles Hut, can also be extremely crowded during good mountaineering weather, and some climbers prefer to bivouac outside.	.	PUNCT	Weather	NOUN	 Weather
In 2006, there were more than 500 radio stations in Oklahoma broadcasting with various local or nationally owned networks. Five universities in Oklahoma operate non commercial, public radio stations / networks. Oklahoma has a few ethnic oriented TV stations broadcasting in Spanish, Asian languages and	and	CCONJ	sometimes	ADV	 sometimes
IABC hosts networking events and mentoring programs to help recent graduates connect with working public relations, marketing and corporate communications professionals. Most professional members join IABC to further their career advancement, professional development and to grow their professional network. IABC is no longer accepting new applicants	applicants	NOUN	for	ADP	 for
A chain link fence in front of Selena's house became a shrine festooned with mementoes as fans from across America left messages to Selena and the Quintanilla family. Most car drivers in Corpus Christi, and those driving cars on Interstate 37 from Mexico, turned their headlights	headlights	NOUN	on	ADP	 on
Yet again, it's tempting for the viewer to urge Marge on and get the hell away from the family. " DVD Movie Guide's Colin Jacobson said that he does not know if he " accepts " the episode as being " in character " for Marge	Marge	PROPN	.	PUNCT	.
The powerful storm soon struck Granma Province, Cuba, as a Category 4 early on July 8; violent winds battered the province and caused extensive damage. Paralleling the western coast of Cuba, Dennis attained its peak winds of 150 mph (240 km / h)	)	PUNCT	later	ADV	 later
Ralphie runs at all home football games, as well as bowl games, and conference championship games. Over the years of the program, Ralphie has made a handful of special trips to lead the team onto the field at away games as well. Colorado is one	one	NUM	of	ADP	 of
In 1975, he switched to Columbia Records, where he recorded the critically acclaimed album, Red Headed Stranger. The same year, he recorded another outlaw country album, Wanted! The Outlaws, along with Waylon Jennings, Jessi Colter, and Tompall Glaser. During	During	ADP	the	DET	 the
Like most politicians of his time, Harding accepted that patronage and graft would be used to repay political favors. He had his sister Mary (who was legally blind) appointed a teacher at the Ohio School for the Blind, although there were better qualified candidates,	,	PUNCT	and	CCONJ	 and
The conductor Vernon Handley, long associated with Bax's music, commented that the composer's influences include Rachmaninoff and Sibelius as well as Richard Strauss and Wagner: " He was aware of jazz and many more composers on the European scene than we are now. That	That	PRON	finds	VERB	 finds
Australia played Pakistan at Karachi in the first Test between the two countries on a matting pitch, rather than the more familiar grass pitch. Miller top scored in the first innings with 21, as Australia fell for 80. He took 2 / 40 and then scored	scored	VERB	11	NUM	 11
We have entertained people who just love football. " In May, successive draws at home to Birmingham City and Portsmouth left Arsenal with 84 points from 36 games. Reyes scored the only goal of the match against Fulham; he profited from a mistake by goalkeeper Edwin	Edwin	PROPN	van	PROPN	 van
It can reach lengths of up to 1.5 meters (5 ft) and can weigh up to 18 kilograms (40 lb). There have been unconfirmed reports of individuals reaching lengths of 1.8 meters (6 ft). A 71 – 76 centimeter (28 –	–	PUNCT	30	NUM	 30
A 2008 – 2010 study of 84 red foxes in the Czech Republic and Germany found that successful hunting in long vegetation or under snow appeared to involve an alignment of the fox with the Earth's magnetic field. Red foxes typically dominate other fox species. Arctic foxes	foxes	NOUN	generally	ADV	 generally
In her travelogues of Portland, Rachel Dresbeck noted the coffeehouse's uniqueness and recommended the mocha fudge cake and the ice cream desserts known as " Rasputin's Vice " and " Tsar Sulton Suite ". Similarly, Portland Examiner contributor Dominique Dobson called the coffeehouse " whimsical	whimsical	ADJ	"	PUNCT	 "
" The release date kept getting missed and pushed back to where Jordan Schur, then president of Geffen Records, made calls asking, " What is the absolute last possible second that we can turn this thing in and still make our release date? " DeLonge described	described	VERB	the	DET	 the
He approached several leaders of democratic Central American countries, but was rejected by all except Castañeda Castro, the president of El Salvador. The two leaders began talks to build a union, and set up several commissions to look into the issue. In late 1945 they	they	PRON	announced	VERB	 announced
Although A Moral Reckoning was favorably reviewed in The Spectator, Kirkus Reviews, The San Francisco Chronicle, and given a generally favorable overview ahead of an interview in The Atlantic, it was also subject to substantial criticism, even among some of those reviewers who found aspects	aspects	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
Bure's addition to the Canucks lineup bolstered a core that featured Linden and goaltender Kirk McLean, a Vezina Trophy nominee in 1989 and 1992 as the league's best goaltender, and helped the Canucks to their first of two consecutive Smythe Division titles. As the Canucks	Canucks	PROPN	opened	VERB	 opened
Near the end of the match, Orton attempted to RKO Cena. Cena, however, pushed Orton into Edge, which made Edge execute a Spear to Orton. Cena then performed an FU to Edge. When Cena turned around, Michaels superkicked Cena. When Cena	Cena	PROPN	fell	VERB	 fell
In September 2013, Turkey became a member of the Asia Cooperation Dialogue (ACD). In line with its traditional Western orientation, relations with Europe have always been a central part of Turkish foreign policy. Turkey became one of the first members of the Council of	of	ADP	Europe	PROPN	 Europe
It was decided to build the station underground due to local opposition to the disturbances, loss of property value, and the required widening of Amity Street that an elevated line would bring. Thus, it is one of only seven underground stations on the Flushing Line,	,	PUNCT	one	NUM	 one
During the fourteenth century, when views of the necessity of sleeping together for the common life changed, the dormitory at Netley would, as at other houses, have been divided into panelled chambers to give every monk his own private room, each leading off a central	central	ADJ	corridor	NOUN	 corridor
Although it has become more difficult to observe bears in recent years, the number of human injuries and deaths has taken a significant drop and visitors are in less danger. The eighth recorded bear related death in the park's history occurred in August 2015. Other protected	protected	VERB	lands	NOUN	 lands
Tikal and Calakmul both developed extensive systems of allies and vassals; lesser cities that entered one of these networks gained prestige from their association with the top tier city, and maintained peaceful relations with other members of the same network. Tikal and Calakmul engaged in the manoeuvering	manoeuvering	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
In the Encyclopedia of Contemporary Christian Music, Mark Allan Powell considered " Happy Little Love Song " as being a " Pearl Jam – type anthem fit for arenas ". Powell also described " Hearts Sing Louder " as being influenced by Smash Mouth, and felt "	"	PUNCT	It	PRON	 It
" GameSpy praised the minigames and card battles. RPGamer praised the amount of minigames and called the card battling system " impressive. " GameSpot also praised the minigames and card battles, but commented some minigames were frustrating. The story received mix reviews. Some critics enjoyed	enjoyed	VERB	it	PRON	 it
This led to the very unusual situation where the armor belt thickened toward the bow to compensate for the narrowing of the ship near the forward magazines, which had to be compensated for by thicker armor. The belt was 148.4 meters (486 ft 11 in) long	long	ADV	and	CCONJ	 and
The Battle of Tassafaronga followed. Throughout June, July and August 1943, Drayton escorted Australian troop carriers from Townsville, Australia, to Milne Bay, New Guinea. In early September, the ship supported the amphibious landing at Lae, New Guinea. Later in September	September	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
Hawkins made his highly anticipated debut for the Geelong seniors in Round 2 of the 2007 season against Carlton. Opposed to Carlton Captain Lance Whitnall, Hawkins impressed with 3 goals and several strong marks in the Cats ' 78 point victory, prompting Carlton coach Denis Pagan to	to	PART	label	VERB	 label
The show is developed to give a " timeless " feel, limiting the world's technology to simpler devices, such as record players and filmstrip projectors. However, there are occasional sophisticated items of technology shown or at least referenced to such as electrocardiography monitors, arcade	arcade	NOUN	video	NOUN	 video
Cole performed the single at the BET special An Evening of Stars: Tribute to Aretha Franklin along with her arrangement of Franklin's 1970 single " Call Me ". Following the release of Leavin ', Cole was slated to appear on " a number of major morning	morning	NOUN	and	CCONJ	 and
In March 1957, the Air Force added additional funding, and the aircraft became Weapons System 606A. A wide variety of designs were studied for a VTOL fighter aircraft, all revolved around the disk shape, leading to the Project 1794 involving a supersonic large disk fighter aircraft	aircraft	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
Meyerbeer first mentions Robert le diable in his diaries in February 1827. The Journal de Paris announced on 19 April 1827 that the libretto of Scribe and Delavigne had been passed by the censor and that ' the music is to be entrusted to a composer, M. Meyer	Meyer	PROPN	Beer	PROPN	 Beer
If the legislation is signed into law by the governor, subsequent appeals would require the introduction of new evidence to first be submitted before a judge to determine whether it would affect the case. The Utah Department of Corrections provided Gardner's attorney, Andrew Parnes, with	with	ADP	documentation	NOUN	 documentation
In March 2010, Xenophon's call for an inquiry was " overwhelmingly rejected " by the Australian Senate, the senators voting 33 to 6 against, with 37 abstentions. Scientology in November 2009 said that Saxton's letter to Senator Xenophon was not reliable. The Church	Church	PROPN	of	ADP	 of
Mexican immigrants have settled in Saint Paul's West Side since the 1930s, and have grown enough that Mexico opened a foreign consulate in 2005. The majority of residents claiming religious affiliation are Christian, split between the Roman Catholic Church and various Protestant denominations. The Roman	Roman	ADJ	Catholic	ADJ	 Catholic
Ziggler's first World Championship reign lasted only 11 minutes and 23 seconds. After the match, Long fired Ziggler in storyline. On the March 7 episode of Raw, Ziggler was introduced as the newest member of the Raw roster, and defeated John Morrison in a	a	DET	singles	NOUN	 singles
It was later abandoned because of mining subsidence and Westleigh Old Hall became the manor by repute. The Ranicars and the Marsh families lived here. Westleigh Old Hall was another Leigh hall that had a moat. The Pennington family owned Pennington Hall from about 1200 until they	they	PRON	were	AUX	 were
She later went to a military boarding school in the Boston quarantine zone, where she befriended Riley Abel, a fellow rebel who protected her from bullies. During the events of Left Behind, which takes place several weeks before the beginning of The Last of Us,	,	PUNCT	Riley	PROPN	 Riley
Princess Peach invites Mario to share some cake at the Star Festival, a time when Star Bits rain down from the skies over the Mushroom Kingdom. On his way, Mario finds a Luma, who immediately befriends him and grants him the ability to spin. Shortly	Shortly	ADV	thereafter	ADV	 thereafter
In January 1932 he premiered it in Vienna to instant acclaim, and performed it in Paris with Ravel conducting the following year. The critic Henry Prunières wrote, " From the opening measures, we are plunged into a world in which Ravel has but rarely introduced us	us	PRON	.	PUNCT	.
He scored on his first team debut two days later, a 3 – 2 win over Bangor. He went on to score both goals for Glentoran in the Irish Cup final on 23 April 1966, a 2 – 0 win over Linfield at The Oval. In	In	ADP	total	NOUN	 total
On 14 December 1771, new letters patent were given to Guillaume and his partners, replacing the earlier ones. Under the new terms, all the land needed could be expropriated including two toises, or 3.6 metres (12 ft), of land on either side	side	NOUN	for	ADP	 for
It covers approximately 5 hectares (12 acres) and is bounded by Bower and Military roads, the Point Malcolm Reserve and Semaphore beach. The land is entirely crown land and is administered by the DEWNR. It is divided into roughly two halves with the northern containing	containing	VERB	the	DET	 the
Sussman began development on a script that saw the USS Defiant from " The Tholian Web " being brought back in time, instead of Tiberius. It was intended to be a sequel to that episode, as well as a prequel to " Mirror, Mirror ".	.	PUNCT	Sussman	PROPN	 Sussman
Because his voice is noticeably different from Ueda's, Lang tries to create his own interpretation of Sanosuke's character. Lang has noted that the scene of the episode 22 of the anime, in which Sanosuke is afraid of a train because he believes it is a	a	DET	demon	NOUN	 demon
As trans Atlantic demand for Welsh cloth grew, growing numbers of people in the rural areas of Montgomeryshire and Merionethshire became dependent on the woollen industry, finding that spinning and weaving gave a larger and more stable income than farming. Some hamlets grew into woollen manufacturing centres	centres	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
" For a month and a half before shooting started, the actors who portrayed apes attended " ape school ". Industrial Light & Magic, Rhythm and Hues Studios and Animal Logic were commissioned for the visual effects sequences. Rick Heinrichs served as the production designer and	and	CCONJ	Colleen	PROPN	 Colleen
Instructed by Mackay to head for the white smoke of the bush fire, in error the APCs then set out towards the most obvious smoke further to the south east of B Company. A Viet Cong 75 mm recoilless rifle subsequently engaged the lead vehicle twice at close	close	ADJ	range	NOUN	 range
Several titles in the Mystery Dungeon series were popular, and would become a staple of the Japanese video game market. The games were not as successful in Western markets when published there, as the target players – younger players who likely had not experienced games like Rogue	Rogue	PROPN	–	PUNCT	 –
Casemate Publishers. ISBN 978 1 84415 256 8. Hakim, Joy (1995). A History Of Us: War, Peace And All That Jazz. Oxford University. ISBN 0 19 509514 6. Hastings, Max (2004). Armageddon: The Battle	Battle	PROPN	for	ADP	 for
His dam was Della P, a daughter of the Thoroughbred stallion Doc Horn. His second dam, or maternal grandmother, was a mare who was never given a name, sired by Old D. J. Art Pollard purchased Della P from " Dink " Parker for $	$	SYM	1,750	NUM	1,750
The contract to refurbish the building was won by John Holland Group, the construction company of Janet Holmes à Court, on 29 July 1997, at a price of $25.3 million. The architect for the refurbishment was Geoffrey Clough of Peter Hunt and Daryl Jackson Architects	Architects	PROPN	.	PUNCT	.
Originally intended to have only one line, the filmmakers were impressed with Pierce's performance and expanded the character's role significantly, eschewing a mute Music Box character. Pruiksma also served as the supervising animator for Chip. Rex Everhart as Maurice – Belle's inventor father	father	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
" When editing The Simpsons Movie, several scenes were changed or otherwise toned down to make Homer more sympathetic. The writers have made Homer's intelligence appear to decline over the years; they explain this was not done intentionally, but it was necessary to top previous	previous	ADJ	jokes	NOUN	 jokes
Upon suspicion that someone entering the county was a union organizer, Chafin's deputies would either force him to leave, arrest him, or beat him. In one case, Chafin mistook J. L. Heiser, the Chief Clerk of the West Virginia Department of Mines,	,	PUNCT	for	ADP	 for
The airport manager at Mangalore, Peter Abraham confirmed that there were difficulties when trying to reach the plane. After the crash, some comments surfaced online, which poke fun at the victims and their families. The comments appeared on a news website, which has been	been	AUX	taken	VERB	 taken
Further, Allen had served as general counsel for Aaron Burr, and several anonymous letters to the state's newspapers accused him of being privy to Burr's alleged scheme to create an independent state in the southwest. Henry Clay was among those who vigorously defended Allen from	from	ADP	the	DET	 the
Both his artistic and philosophical training under Zhang would have a profound effect over Hergé. Hergé had also gotten in contact with Father Édouard Neut, hosteller at the St. Andrew's Abbey near Bruges. Neut had a special interest in China, and was excited by Hergé	Hergé	PROPN	's	PART	's
Simpson then moved to the two man Star class, partnering lifelong friend Percy; they won a bronze medal at the 2007 ISAF Sailing World Championships in Cascais to qualify for the 2008 Summer Olympics. The pair won the gold medal in Beijing in the Star class.	.	PUNCT	After	ADP	 After
Hendrix and Cox back Miles ' vocal sections with parallel funk style lines, before a guitar solo using Hendrix's new combination of effects. Shapiro comments At that point, it picks up into double time and the sounds of electronic equipment not yet invented stream out of	of	ADP	Jimi	PROPN	 Jimi
Early on September 15, the JTWC reported that Typhoon Choi wan had intensified further and had become a Category 4 equivalent Super Typhoon whilst passing over the island of Alamagan. Later that day the JMA reported that Typhoon Choi wan had reached its 10 minute peak wind speeds	speeds	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
Released in 2002, it is the fourth installment in the Clock Tower series, and the first and only video game directed by Japanese film director Kinji Fukasaku. The plot and characters have very little relation with the previous Clock Tower games. The story follows 14 year	year	NOUN	old	ADJ	 old
The eighth named storm of the season, Honorinina formed on March 9 to the south of Diego Garcia. It moved generally to the west southwest due to a ridge to the south, gradually intensifying. On March 12, the Météo France office on Réunion (MFR	MFR	PROPN	)	PUNCT	)
Within 15 minutes, both Centurion and Marengo had their colours shot away and at 10: 45 the ship of the line turned away for open water, followed by the frigates, her rigging in disarray. Damage had rendered Centurion unable to manoeuvre rapidly and she began	began	VERB	slowly	ADV	 slowly
These findings were reflected in the work of a new generation of paleoartists. One milestone was Sarah Landry's feathered dinosaur in Bakker's 1975 Scientific American article, Dinosaur Renaissance. Louis Paul Jonas created the first full sized dinosaur sculptures for the 1964 New York World's	's	PART	Fair	PROPN	 Fair
After protecting his family, he returns to Tokyo to rescue Kaoru with his friends. After a successful rescue, Sanosuke leaves Japan and travels the world to avoid being arrested for attacking the Ishin Shishi. The manga ends with a letter from Sanosuke to his friends that	that	SCONJ	he	PRON	 he
His convictions were also overturned on appeal on similar grounds. Arthur L. Liman served as chief counsel for the Senate during the Iran – Contra Scandal. The Independent Counsel, Lawrence E. Walsh, chose not to re try North or Poindexter. In total, several dozen	dozen	NOUN	people	NOUN	 people
" Wilson's official total of 56 stood as the NL record until the 1998 season, when it was broken by Sammy Sosa (66) and Mark McGwire (70). Wilson's success in the 1930 season served only to fuel his drinking habits, and	and	CCONJ	in	ADP	 in
The gondola was a very popular attraction, and Harvey often promoted Monte Ne as: " the only place in America where the gondola meets the train. " The little railroad went broke a few years later. At about this time, the Arkansas, Oklahoma &	&	CCONJ	Western	PROPN	 Western
Johnson then signed onto the Ultimate Fighting Championship circuit to appear on The Ultimate Fighter: Team GSP vs. Team Koscheck. Johnson's entry onto the show was, in part, due to his persistence in attending tryouts for the show. After making the final interview round	round	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
In May 2014, the inaugural Milutin Bojić Prize was awarded to a student from Čačak by the Milutin Bojić Library, a Belgrade based learning institution dedicated exclusively to studies on Bojić's life and work. The Library is funded by the Serbian Ministry of Culture, and	and	CCONJ	operates	VERB	 operates
One unusual phenomenon that grew in intensity was music; in peaceful sectors, it was not uncommon for units to sing in the evenings, sometimes deliberately with an eye towards entertaining or gently taunting their opposite numbers. This shaded gently into more festive activity; in early	early	ADJ	December	PROPN	 December
It features heavy synthesizers, orchestral sounds and electronic rhythms accompanied with Rihanna's vocal performance. Rolling Stone magazine wrote that " the track's production mainly stays out of Rihanna's way, letting the pop star build hooks with layers of her voice. " In a	a	DET	review	NOUN	 review
The magistrate Thomas de Veil, later to found Bow Street Magistrates ' Court, lived at No 40 between 1729 and 1737; this location is now the Odeon West End. The painter Joshua Reynolds lived at No 47 from 1760 until his death in 1792; this	this	DET	location	NOUN	 location
Osman Hill is remembered as a " distinguished anatomist ", " eminent primatologist ", and the foremost authority on primate anatomy of his time. However, he did not consider himself a primatologist, but instead related best to old school anatomists and naturalists, who studied	studied	VERB	the	DET	 the
" Big Bang continues to be a prominent face of South Korea when it comes to tourism. Their popularity across demographic groups has made them Korea's highest paid celebrities ever by endorsers, with an asking price of $1 – 1.5 million USD per endorsement. In	In	ADP	2016	NUM	 2016
During its early years, the airport aimed to establish a comprehensive set of connections to towns across the country, most notably with Tel Aviv and Haifa. Consequently, a regular route from Eilat to Lod Airport (now Ben Gurion International Airport) was started. Soon	Soon	ADV	after	ADV	 after
In the first generation games and their remakes, the player can find journal entries in the Pokémon Mansion on Cinnabar Island stating that Mew was discovered deep in the jungles of Guyana, South America, on July 5 (the year is not specified), and named	named	VERB	on	ADP	 on
It highlighted the proposed text of the Alaska Mental Health Bill, calling it " one that tops all of them ". The bulletin writers commented: " We could not help remembering that Siberia is very near Alaska and since it is obvious no one needs such a	a	DET	large	ADJ	 large
The heavy rain in Maharashtra disrupted road transport in many areas, especially in the east of the state. The Godavari River inundated parts of Bhadrachalam and many villages in regions of Andhra Pradesh. The rains also damaged rice paddies and disrupted transport in Telangana. Rains associated	associated	VERB	with	ADP	 with
For you have had the toughest job. To put away a ship that has become as much a part of you as you are to her is a sad ending to a great tour. But take solace in this — you have lived up to the history of	of	ADP	the	DET	 the
He was unanimously named the NL Rookie of the Year after setting an NL rookie record with 130 RBIs (fifth in the league) and becoming the fourth MLB rookie to hit.300 with 30 home runs, 100 runs, and 100 RBIs. The Cardinals finished the 2001	2001	NUM	season	NOUN	 season
Game Capture HD, which connects to gaming consoles to record gameplay, was introduced in 2012. It was created in response to gamers that were hacking EyeTV products for gameplay recording. The device connects between a gaming console and the TV and is powered by a USB	USB	NOUN	connection	NOUN	 connection
The Mounties had a reputation for running these posts honestly, although accusations were made that they took bribes. Prospectors, on the other hand, tried to smuggle prize items like silk and whiskey across the pass in tins and bales of hay: the former item for	for	ADP	the	DET	 the
At 18 years and six months, he became the youngest player in Canadian history to play at the tournament. He scored nine points in eight games as Canada finished in fourth place. Later that year, in December 1993, Kariya left his college team, the	the	DET	Maine	PROPN	 Maine
Clarke was in post from 1898 to 1905, reporting directly to Alfred Milner, the High Commissioner for Southern Africa based in Johannesburg, who in turn reported to the Colonial Office in London. His role was to safeguard the interests of the natives and to call on	on	ADP	the	DET	 the
At an intersection with West Avenue, BL I 94 merges with Business U.S. Highway 127 (Bus. US 127) and M 50. On the western edge of downtown Jackson, traffic follows a one way pairing of three lane streets that form a loop around the	the	DET	center	NOUN	 center
Despite initial reluctance to help him, Jenna eventually agrees to coach Tracy in the principles of acting, but this leads nowhere, resulting in the two arguing and Jenna telling him he can go on his show and read the phone book for all she cares. At	At	ADP	the	DET	 the
Other top recruits included a top ten rated dual threat quarterback (Tate Forcier – Rivals # 6) to run Rich Rodriguez's spread offense, and Justin Turner who was rated as the No. 3 safety. Michigan's 2009 recruiting class was ranked 7th nationally by	by	ADP	Rivals.com	PROPN	 Rivals.com
The Council is designed under the model of a mainstream Local Government Authority which structurally does not provide the latitude to address those functions which are not normally expected of mainstream Councils. Culturally inappropriate decision making: The Organisation is not designed to deal with cultural issues or complex	complex	ADJ	social	ADJ	 social
Although the 757 was not originally intended for transoceanic flights, regulators based their decision on its reliable performance record on extended transcontinental U.S. services. ETOPS certification for 757s equipped with PW2000 series engines was granted in 1992. In the early 1990s, the FAA and other U.S.	U.S.	PROPN	government	NOUN	 government
" She continued: " We want to make it authentic so I think it's very likely we'll be shooting in Japan. I think it's likely the characters will speak English rather than Japanese with subtitles. " In January 2010, at the People's	's	PART	Choice	PROPN	 Choice
Marcantonio opposed restrictions on communists and the Communist Party, stating that such restrictions violated the Bill of Rights. He regularly voted against contempt citations requested by the House Un American Activities Committee (HUAC), on which Nixon served. Douglas disregarded advice from party officials to	to	PART	wait	VERB	 wait
The song " Mohe Panghat Pe " was objected to by veteran director Vijay Bhatt. Although he was not directly involved with the project, he thought that it would " ruin the film ", since it showed the Mughal emperor celebrating the Hindu festival Janmashtami. Though	Though	SCONJ	Naushad	PROPN	 Naushad
In the 21st century, the high price of nickel has led to some replacement of the metal in coins around the world. Coins still made with nickel alloys include one- and two euro coins, 5 ¢, 10 ¢, 25 ¢ and 50 ¢ U.S. coins	coins	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
The jersey was later found at the Pittsburgh International Airport between a piece of equipment and a stairwell. Crosby's jersey from his third NHL game was the highest selling NHL jersey in an auction for Hurricane Katrina relief – it sold for $21,010. During an online	online	ADJ	auction	NOUN	 auction
During the match between The Undertaker and Yokozuna at Survivor Series 1994, Irwin R. Schyster, one of DiBiase's wrestlers, interfered in the match by attacking The Undertaker. The feud between The Undertaker and Schyster escalated when Schyster performed a series of vignettes in which he	he	PRON	repossessed	VERB	 repossessed
Also two small countries achieved this mark in 2014, Iceland (2.71%) and Estonia (1.57%). In 2015 nine countries achieved plug in electric car sales with a market share equal or higher than 1% of total new car sales, up from	from	ADP	six	NUM	 six
Just before the game ended a double pass, Bill Cloke to captain Clarence Stone, carried to ball over the Hopkins goal for the 4 points that won the game. Just two days after the second Hopkins game, on November 27, the Naval Academy challenged the	the	DET	Princeton	PROPN	 Princeton
By 28 November, she asked for the last rites, and the next day, at about nine o ' clock in the evening, she died surrounded by her remaining children. With her, the House of Habsburg died out and was replaced by the House of	of	ADP	Habsburg	PROPN	 Habsburg
During the battle over Rabanastre at the end of the game, Vayne commands the Sky Fortress Bahamut, and when confronted by the team, uses the nethicite to become " Vayne Novus " before being mortally wounded by Vaan. Venat, however, awards Vayne for helping	helping	VERB	it	PRON	 it
On January 3, 1908, Leach wrote to Hering to inform him that all work would be done by the Mint. The President's friend, Dr. William Sturgis Bigelow, had been in Japan for most of 1907; on his return to his Boston home he	he	PRON	heard	VERB	 heard
In July 1943, they were sent to Port Moresby, New Guinea, where they once again filled the role of garrison troops for almost a year, operating between Buna, Gona and Nassau Bay. In 1944, under the command of Lieutenant Colonel William Caldwell,	,	PUNCT	who	PRON	 who
As a result, the dividend paid in 1898 was 1,100 fr per 500 fr share. These profits were made in spite of increasing costs due the doubling of export duty in 1892 and the construction of the Leopoldville Matadi railway in 1894 which increased the cost of moving	moving	VERB	rubber	NOUN	 rubber
Kavner's emotional performance in the movie got positive reviews and one critic said she " gave what must be the most heartfelt performance ever to find its way into a movie based on an irreverent cartoon. " Some scenes in the movie, such as Marge's emotional	emotional	ADJ	video	NOUN	 video
When questioned by Tommy Gorman about his issue, Gardiner lied to Gorman and insisted it was only a minor headache. However when Gardiner woke up on the train in the morning, he had trouble seeing, as black spots obscured his vision. This was Gardiner's	's	PART	first	ADJ	 first
Thus the Labour Party, which in 1936 shunned the march, later adopted it as " a badge of credibility ". In 1950 the party featured the Jarrow banners on its election posters; the march then disappeared from view in an era of high employment, only	only	ADV	to	PART	 to
Dulles became ill in late 1958 and was replaced by Christian Herter, after which Uanna was posted overseas to Addis Ababa, Ethiopia, as an administrative officer at the U.S. Embassy. He was also the State Department liaison with the U.S. Department of Defense. He returned	returned	VERB	to	ADP	 to
The column camped on the south bank of the Shangani River about 25 miles (40 km) north east of the village of Lupane on the evening of December 3, 1893. The next day, late in the afternoon, a dozen men under the command of	of	ADP	Major	PROPN	 Major
Scotland was already one of the most urbanised societies in Europe by 1800. The industrial belt ran across the country from southwest to northeast; by 1900 the four industrialised counties of Lanarkshire, Renfrewshire, Dunbartonshire, and Ayrshire contained 44 per cent of the population. Glasgow	Glasgow	PROPN	and	CCONJ	 and
Stephen Holden of The New York Times believed that " Much of the dialogue is so quirky it sounds overheard instead of scripted " and called the cast " correspondingly spontaneous ". New York magazine's chief film critic David Edelstein praised Hynes ' " talent for deadpan jaw	jaw	PROPN	droppers	NOUN	 droppers
At the same time, his supporters, who along with the urban mob included a sizeable group of Georgian and Italian mercenaries, began to loot the buildings. They even reached the Nea Ekklesia and the Church of the Virgin of the Pharos, the Empire's chief	chief	ADJ	depository	NOUN	 depository
Rob Nelson of Variety also praised Panabaker and Yoo's performances. In contrast to the film's detractors, The New York Times's Nathan Lee said Friday the 13th managed to " reboot the concept " of the original films with style. Lee said the film takes	takes	VERB	pleasure	NOUN	 pleasure
Carpenter appeared as himself in the second half of the fourth season of Oz. He plays a contestant in a fictional TV game show called Up Your Ante that the prisoners in Em City are watching. The show within the show is hosted by Gordon Elliott, with	with	ADP	Eartha	PROPN	 Eartha
Vandegrift, therefore, decided to conduct another series of small unit operations around the Matanikau Valley. The purpose of these operations was to " mop up " the scattered groups of Japanese troops east of the Matanikau and to keep the main body of Japanese soldiers off balance	balance	NOUN	to	PART	 to
Go Nagai, who pioneered the idea of mecha piloted from an interior cockpit, praised the film's fun and intense action, while game developer Fumito Ueda said its battle scenes surpassed memories of the tokusatsu films he saw as an impressionable child. Science fiction author William	William	PROPN	Gibson	PROPN	 Gibson
Nonetheless, on the facts of the case, their Lordships agreed that they could not review the Minister's decision even though there was an enforceable legitimate expectation as the decision had been made on national security grounds. The English courts initially wavered in recognizing that an individual	individual	NOUN	has	VERB	 has
There are also two rural highways that spur off Great Eastern Highway. Great Southern Highway begins near Perth's eastern metropolitan boundary, linking towns such as York, Brookton, Narrogin, and Katanning. Near the eastern end of the highway, Coolgardie is the starting point	point	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
Semiotician Umberto Eco argues that Dürer's " scales and imbricated plates " became a necessary element of depicting the animal, even to those who might know better, because " they knew that only these conventionalized graphic signs could denote « rhinoceros » to the person interpreting the	the	DET	iconic	ADJ	 iconic
The pine bunting and yellowhammer are so closely related that each responds to the other's song. The male yellowhammer's song is more attractive to females, and is one reason for the dominance of that species where the ranges overlap. The yellowhammer breeds across Eurasia between	between	ADP	the	DET	 the
The horses are fed a natural diet, dewormed with a mixture of garlic and clay, treated using a combination of homeopathy and osteopathy, and moved high in the mountains during the transhumance each year. Today, Mérens closest to the original type and lifestyle are found	found	VERB	in	ADP	 in
Released on October 19, 2010, the album was the band's first after guitarist Brad Avery left Third Day. The band wanted the album to be a departure from the modern rock stylings of Revelation (2008), intending to show more of their southern rock	rock	NOUN	roots	NOUN	 roots
Meinertzhagen and Raphael later insisted that the gathering was just a rational discussion between concerned friends, keen to share anything they knew about what had happened, but the relationship between the police and Lucan's social circle was strained; some officers complained that an " Eton mafia	mafia	NOUN	"	PUNCT	 "
It was controversial in the Croatian media, but was generally brushed aside as an aberration from a series of successes. In 2006, Croatian authorities launched an investigation into alleged war crimes committed by HV soldiers during the operation, in which 40 Serb civilians were killed.	.	PUNCT	As	SCONJ	 As
His work encompassed an extensive research on how the drug industry influences local leaders and the police in the Mexican state of Baja California – topics frequently avoided by the rest of the Mexican media. As an author of six books, Blancornelas was regarded by the press as	as	ADP	a	DET	 a
Other charter members (all seniors) were G. A. Hendrie, C. A. Adamson, S. J. Hargrove, J. E. Davenport, L. W. Robert, W. R. Snyder, C. L. Emerson (son of William Henry Emerson) and G. W. Holmes Cheney. Additional members	members	NOUN	have	AUX	 have
City scored twice, the first by Elano, who also hit the woodwork on two occasions with free kicks. However, City could not produce the third goal that would have taken the tie into extra time. UEFA rebranded and restructured the UEFA Cup in 2009,	,	PUNCT	resulting	VERB	 resulting
The flat landscape gives way to gentle ranges, which the highway meanders around as it heads west north west for 109 kilometres (68 mi). It then curves around to the north, proceeding over a distance of 48 kilometres (30 mi) to Karijini Road	Road	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
This marks the first time the Seoul Metropolitan Government has granted permission to blocked traffic along the Plaza for filming and it is part of Government's plans to promote the city's major tourist attractions. Iris premiered on October 14, 2009 to strong ratings and went on	on	ADP	to	PART	 to
Many of Weber's works famous today were collected, revised and published posthumously. Significant interpretations of his writings were produced by such sociological luminaries as Talcott Parsons and C. Wright Mills. Parsons in particular imparted to Weber's works a functionalist, teleological perspective; this personal	personal	ADJ	interpretation	NOUN	 interpretation
" This building was later renamed " Langford Villa " and was recognized as Grade II listed on 23 August 1985. Terry died of heart failure, induced by over exertion, at the Royal Station Hotel on 12 January 1898, after attempting to win a by election	election	NOUN	to	PART	 to
He spent the winter in Prince William Sound, his ship trapped by ice and his men dying of scurvy. He was rescued by the timely arrival of Dixon and Portlock. Meares organized a second expedition of two ships, the Felice Adventurero and Iphigenia Nubiana. Meares	Meares	NOUN	was	AUX	 was
Its main instrument, SIGMA, was capable of imaging both hard X ray and soft gamma ray sources. The PHEBUS instrument was meant to study gamma ray bursts and other transient X Ray sources. Other experiments such as ART P were intended to image X Ray sources	sources	NOUN	in	ADP	 in
" The band played shows along the East Coast in December 1969, attempting to kick start the record onto Billboard's Top 200 Pop Albums chart. In January, the band performed at the Electric Factory in Philadelphia and the Fillmore West in San Francisco before debuting at	at	ADP	the	DET	 the
Astronauts would continue to use the CSM as a ferry to the station. This study was followed by design of a larger orbital workshop to be built in orbit from an empty S IVB Saturn upper stage, and grew into the Apollo Applications Program (AAP).	.	PUNCT	The	DET	 The
In direct sunlight, the spacecraft could be heated to over 200° C (392° F) while the parts in shadow would be − 100° C (− 148° F). These temperatures could cause the heat shield to crack and propellant lines to	to	PART	burst	VERB	 burst
In June 2010, the New York Times reported that American geologists were conducting ground surveys on dry salt lakes in western Afghanistan believing that large deposits of lithium are located there. " Pentagon officials said that their initial analysis at one location in Ghazni Province showed the potential	potential	NOUN	for	ADP	 for
Close Encounters of the Third Kind was selected as the # 5 Best Sci Fi Film. In the 2012 Deadmau5 album Album Title Goes Here, track no. 9, titled " Closer, " features the five note sequence as the basis for the song's opening	opening	NOUN	and	CCONJ	 and
The island's owner runs occasional boat trips there on weekends. In 1890, a lighthouse was built at Stroma's northern tip, Langaton Point. It was only operational for six years before being replaced, and very little is now known about the structure. The	The	DET	unmanned	ADJ	 unmanned
After moving inland, MFR stopped monitoring the system, though the JTWC kept tracking Feliska for another 24 hours as it headed southeast. On April 10, MFR reportedly classified a low far from any land masses. Later that day, the JTWC upgraded Helisaonina into a	a	DET	tropical	ADJ	 tropical
In 1097, the Byzantine Army numbered around 70,000 men altogether. By the closing years of the 1180 era, and the death of Manuel Komnenos, whose frequent campaigns had been on a grand scale the army was probably considerably larger. During the reign of Alexius I	I	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
Björk felt house music was " the only pop music that [was] truly modern, " stating in 1993 that it was " the only music where anything creative is happening today. " Her departure from the guitar driven rock of her previous works stemmed from the	the	DET	feeling	NOUN	 feeling
It was suspected that it was canceled due to extremely poor ticket sales, feuding between Gaga and West's management teams, and Gaga's desire to play in smaller venues. Gaga's choreographer, Laurieann Gibson, said the tour was terminated due to " creative differences	differences	NOUN	"	PUNCT	 "
Another death was reported in the United States Virgin Islands. Torrential rainfall on Puerto Rico inflicted heavy damage, totaling $65 million (1970 USD, $380 million 2016 USD). The highest precipitation total was 41.68 in (1,059 mm) in Jayuya, of	of	ADP	which	PRON	 which
It was first released on April 21, 2003, by Maverick Records and Warner Bros. Records. The album, produced in its entirety by Madonna and Mirwais Ahmadzaï, features references to many parts of American culture. The album is a concept album, with recurring themes	themes	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
When Lashley and Kennedy finally entered the ring, Kennedy attempted many submission holds to no avail, but he continued to attack Lashley in an attempt to keep him from getting up. Kennedy then left the ring to get a steel chair, but Lashley took the chair	chair	NOUN	and	CCONJ	 and
While his carpet is being replaced, he uses Jim Halpert's desk, forcing Jim to move away from Pam Beesly (Jenna Fischer) into the annex. " The Carpet " is the first and only episode to feature Howard as Truck. However, the death	death	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
Billboard magazine called it " an aesthetic mix of music and philosophy... chock full of mysticism, creativity, and change ", believing that Axelrod's idyllic music was interesting enough to impact the record charts. In a review for Gramophone, Alasdair Clayre said Axelrod's	's	PART	impressions	NOUN	 impressions
All – from Lenin to Lloyd George, from Pravda to Morning Star – considered him a military and political failure. In August 1920 all were in agreement that his catastrophic career will be crowned with the fall of Warsaw. " Yet over the next few weeks,	,	PUNCT	Poland	PROPN	 Poland
But he described the church as " a weather beaten building... mouldering away by the fury of the elements ", and a letter to The Gentleman's Magazine in 1809 said that it was then somewhat dilapidated, with " trifling... repairs such as have only tended	tended	VERB	to	PART	 to
Built around a cast of the model Laura Morgan's torso, the garment had a 15 inch waist and was composed of 97 stacked coils, which had to be screwed together onto Morgan's body. The Coiled Corset was inspired by the neck rings worn by Ndebele	Ndebele	PROPN	women	NOUN	 women
The next year, Brodeur topped the 40 win mark for the third time in his career, despite having an average GAA and save percentage throughout the season. He played in the All Star Game for the 6th consecutive season, and helped the Devils earn the top	top	ADJ	seed	NOUN	 seed
A shipboard inspection during this time found her hull was rotten with shipworm and on 23 May 1788 she was careened on the beach for repairs. In July she was released from government service and set sail for England on the 14th of that month, in convoy with	with	ADP	her	PRON	 her
Most of the French cavalry were driven off by a charge of the 13th Light Dragoons; however, the pursuit of Latour Maubourg's force then faltered. It was poorly co ordinated and the greater part of the French force managed to reach the safety of Badajoz.	.	PUNCT	The	DET	 The
Several days later, Senate Republicans said they might try to put a procedural hold on her nomination because of her unwillingness to answer questions in detail in the hearings. By January 23, a secret hold was placed on the nomination by an anonymous Republican. A series	series	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
It was declared obsolete by the U.S. Army in 1958. United States – United States Army, U.S. Marine Corps United Kingdom - Two received through the Lend Lease program Free French Forces - Seventy received through the Lend Lease program Wehrmacht – Captured from the U.S. Japan Ground	Ground	PROPN	Self	PROPN	 Self
It intersects Friendship Road / Sansbury Road at a roundabout, which connects to MD 261, before intersecting MD 778 again. The route junctions with MD 423 (Fairhaven Road). The road proceeds through rural areas with some residences, coming to an intersection with MD	MD	PROPN	256	NUM	 256
The state received record rainfall, with 14.76 in (37.5 cm) falling on the southern slopes of Mount San Gorgonio, and 10.13 in (25.7 cm) accumulated on Mount Laguna. Because the village is situated atop an alluvial fan, a 40 ft (12	12	NUM	m	PROPN	 m
Writers who first appeared in the pages of these magazines include Neil R. Jones, Ed Earl Repp, Raymond Z. Gallun and Lloyd Eshbach. The quality of published science fiction at the time was generally low, and Lasser was keen to improve it. On 11 May	May	PROPN	1931	NUM	 1931
Since American kestrels are carnivores, toxic chemical runoff ingested by their prey can concentrate at high levels in their blood. Wild kestrels are subject to immunomodulation, or an altered immune response, to polybrominated diphenyl ethers (PBDEs), a group of industrial flame retardants that	that	PRON	may	AUX	 may
Balmer was appointed an Officer of the Order of the British Empire in the King's Birthday Honours on 11 June 1942. On 25 June he took five of No. 100 Squadron's Beauforts to Port Moresby, joining two other Beauforts that were already stationed there.	.	PUNCT	That	DET	 That
Early in its duration, Ingrid produced tropical storm force winds along the coast of Veracruz. While making landfall, it also brought tropical storm force winds along the northeastern Mexican coast. Sustained winds at La Pesca peaked at 80 km / h (50 mph),	,	PUNCT	with	ADP	 with
The museums in Odense are mainly governed by the Odense City Museums, a department of the municipal government. Funen's Art Museum (Fyns Kunstmuseum), formerly The Museum of Funen's Abbey, is one of Denmark's oldest art museums, dating to 1885.	.	PUNCT	It	PRON	 It
The album also gave her first appearance on the Guinness Book of World Records. On March 6, 1986, at the Kensington Roof Gardens in London, during a press conference for Shanghai Surprise, Madonna confirmed that she was working on a new album named Live to	to	ADP	Tell	PROPN	 Tell
A show spokesperson said: " We can confirm that Ricky will be leaving EastEnders. We wish him all the best for the future " whilst a show insider commented: " Ricky is a great guy and very popular on set. He's leaving the show as	as	SCONJ	it	PRON	 it
She was ranked as the ninth best looking game girl by GameHall's Portal PlayGame in 2014, in particular for her Resident Evil 3 version. Thanh Niên ranked her as the 12th most sexy female character in 2015. Based upon her revealing Resident Evil 3 outfit,	,	PUNCT	Jill	PROPN	 Jill
London is the largest city in Western Europe; it requires an enormous tonnage of supplies each day and Hertfordshire grew wealthy on the proceeds of trade because no less than three of the old Roman roads serving the capital run through it, as do the Grand Union Canal	Canal	PROPN	and	CCONJ	 and
In it, Mario must chase Donkey Kong to get back the stolen Mini Mario toys. In the follow up Mario vs. Donkey Kong 2: March of the Minis, Donkey Kong once again falls in love with Pauline and kidnaps her, and Mario uses the Mini	Mini	PROPN	Mario	PROPN	 Mario
Other writers have since accepted Kunitzsch's explanation. The last part of the name, " -elgeuse ", comes from the Arabic الجوزاء al Jauzā ', a historical Arabic name of the constellation Orion, a feminine name in old Arabian legend, and of uncertain meaning	meaning	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
This principle distilled the essence of Einstein's objection to quantum mechanics. As a physical principle, it was shown to be incorrect when the Aspect experiment of 1982 confirmed Bell's theorem, which had been promulgated in 1964. While traveling, Einstein wrote daily to his	his	PRON	wife	NOUN	 wife
The game's development was made more simple by the use of the same game engine to that of its predecessor, though extra dialogue was involved due to the presence of four factions rather than the three in Geneforge. Video game journalists awarded both positive and average review	review	NOUN	scores	NOUN	 scores
Allan said Rae was one of her favourite additions to the cast in 2009 and expressed her pride in Barlow's performance, saying, " to introduce a character as somebody and then to completely change the character six weeks later, while still delivering the performances that Alice	Alice	PROPN	does	VERB	 does
" A law that has received royal assent will be published in the State Magazine, with the original being kept in the archives of the King's Offices. Articles 77 – 79 of the Norwegian Constitution specifically grant the monarch of Norway the right to withhold royal assent	assent	NOUN	from	ADP	 from
At the same time, A & M began expanding its academic pursuits with the establishment of the School of Veterinary Medicine in 1915. Many Texas A & M graduates served during World War I. By 1918, 49% of all graduates of the college were in military	military	ADJ	service	NOUN	 service
There should be plain and stern law against it. It is practically an analogue of military desertion... [I] t ought to be punished suitably and repressed. It later called the strike " this Boston essay in Bolshevism " and lamented the attempt of Mayor Peters	Peters	PROPN	and	CCONJ	 and
Apart from his deformities and the lameness in his hip, Treves concluded that Merrick appeared to be in good general health. Norman later recalled that Merrick went to the hospital for examination " two or three " times and during one of their meetings, Treves gave Merrick	Merrick	PROPN	his	PRON	 his
Kepler 9 was one of the multiplanetary systems; it was identified as such when scientists noticed significant variations in the time intervals at which Kepler 9 was transited. Kepler 9 holds the first multiplanetary system discovered using the transit method. It is also the first planetary system	system	NOUN	where	SCONJ	 where
There is a scene in the film The Bridge by Brett Hanover, where two young women looking for a laugh tell a Scientology volunteer they learned about the organization from South Park. The volunteer answers that she hasn't seen the episode in question, and the two	two	NUM	women	NOUN	 women
Early in the Convention he made a speech proposing a President for Life; it had no effect upon the deliberations of the convention. He proposed to have an elected President and elected Senators who would serve for life, contingent upon " good behavior " and subject to	to	ADP	removal	NOUN	 removal
Kane does not drink alcohol or go to nightclubs, preferring to use his free time to play golf. Ahead of UEFA Euro 2016, Kane featured in advertisements for Mars Bars and Beats by Dr. Dre headphones, the latter alongside Antoine Griezmann, Mario Götze and Cesc	Cesc	PROPN	Fàbregas	PROPN	 Fàbregas
Bean and Sutcliffe's separation was announced on 6 August 2010, and the divorce was finalised on 21 December 2010. Bean has been a fan of Sheffield United FC since he was eight years old, and has a tattoo on his left shoulder that reads " 100	100	NUM	%	NOUN	%
Kepler planned to test his theory from Mysterium Cosmographicum based on the Mars data, but he estimated that the work would take up to two years (since he was not allowed to simply copy the data for his own use). With the help of Johannes Jessenius	Jessenius	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
After receiving a red card, Friday left the ground with the game still going on; according to legend, before leaving he broke into the Brighton dressing room and defecated in Lawrenson's kit bag. Cardiff eventually lost 4 – 0. " I am sick and	and	CCONJ	tired	ADJ	 tired
A diagnosis of asthma should be suspected if there is a history of recurrent wheezing, coughing or difficulty breathing and these symptoms occur or worsen due to exercise, viral infections, allergens or air pollution. Spirometry is then used to confirm the diagnosis. In children under	under	ADP	the	DET	 the
A four man team under Eckman was sent to investigate a suspiciously devastating V 2 explosion near Antwerp, and Fred Wardenburg had to confirm that it was not a small nuclear explosion. Rumors that Germany had an atomic bomb persisted as late as March 1945. A new	new	ADJ	forward	ADJ	 forward
The church floodlighting is supported by funds from the National Lottery church floodlighting trust There is a lowered sill on the southeast window of the chancel for a three seat (sedilia); a cabinet (aumbry) is along the east of the north wall with an arched	arched	ADJ	tomb	NOUN	 tomb
These images are obscured by distorted purple text comprising the names of songs planned for the record that were provided to Works Associates during the sleeve design process. However, the album's track listing was eventually changed and the titles of several songs withheld from the album were	were	AUX	accidentally	ADV	 accidentally
The coastal flooding damaged or destroyed hundreds of homes and businesses and closed roads and airports. In addition, high winds left about 38,000 people without power. The total without power was much less than for Hurricane Bob two months prior, and was fairly low due to	to	ADP	little	ADJ	 little
However, this time Amalthea was on the other side of the planet, so it is probable that the particles form a ring around the planet near Amalthea's orbit. From Jupiter's surface — or rather, from just above its cloudtops — Amalthea would appear very	very	ADV	bright	ADJ	 bright
Evidence of worsening kidney damage would normally prompt a kidney biopsy. Treatment may be indicated on the basis of the appearance of the biopsy sample; various treatments may be used, ranging from oral steroids to a combination of intravenous methylprednisolone (steroid), cyclophosphamide and dipyridamole	dipyridamole	NOUN	followed	VERB	 followed
Many more gene sequences are known than protein structures. Further, the set of solved structures is biased toward proteins that can be easily subjected to the conditions required in X ray crystallography, one of the major structure determination methods. In particular, globular proteins are comparatively	comparatively	ADV	easy	ADJ	 easy
Some people form suicide pacts online, either with pre existing friends or people they have recently encountered in chat rooms or message boards. The Internet, however, may also help prevent suicide by providing a social group for those who are isolated. Some landmarks have become	become	VERB	known	VERB	 known
The + 3 state should be important, again due to the destabilized 7p3 / 2 electrons. The + 5 state is predicted to be uncommon because the 7p1 / 2 electrons are oppositely stabilized. The + 7 state has not been shown — even computationally — to	to	PART	be	AUX	 be
More traditional industries include agriculture, employing one out of seven Ohioans, and new and developing sectors include bioscience, green, information, and food processing industries. Ohio is the biggest manufacturer of plastics and rubber in the country, has the largest bioscience sector in the	the	DET	Midwest	PROPN	 Midwest
At the same time, Khan also made use of illusory camera tricks. For example, the opening scene of Ishaan collecting fish outside his school was shot on location and at Film City. Shots focusing on Ishaan took place at the former, while those involving the	the	DET	gutter	NOUN	 gutter
" A writer for Capital FM called it a " very cinematic video ". The video opens in a deserted, destroyed school hallway with Lee's character shown sitting on the ground. As the first verse begins, he slowly begins to stand up and makes his	his	PRON	way	NOUN	 way
games. In 2004, Metal Gear Solid 3: Snake Eater (PlayStation 2) introduced camouflage to the genre. Set in a jungle, the game emphasized infiltration in a natural environment, along with survival aspects such as food capture, healing and close quarters combat	combat	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
The ten NASA field centers are: John F. Kennedy Space Center, Florida Ames Research Center, Moffett Field, California Armstrong Flight Research Center (formerly Hugh L. Dryden Flight Research Facility), Edwards, California Goddard Space Flight Center, Greenbelt, Maryland Jet Propulsion Laboratory	Laboratory	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
The term post black now refers to art where race and racism are prominent, but where the importance of the interaction of the two is diminished. Johnson's most controversial exhibition was entitled Chickenbones and Watermelon Seeds: The African American Experience as Abstract Art. The subject	subject	ADJ	matter	NOUN	 matter
Cumulative registrations through December 2014 reached 5,334 units, including 2,589 i MiEVs, 1,352 C Zeros, and 1,393 iOns. Retail sales began in December 2010 and the i MiEV price starts at €29,153 before sales tax or any government incentives. A total of 233 i	i	PRON	MiEV	PROPN	 MiEV
Once the Austrian main army united with its left wing, under Nauendorf, and its far left, under Hotze, Charles ordered the assault on Zürich. On 4 June, Nauendorf helped to rout the French force at Battle of Zürich, commanding the Coalition's right	right	ADJ	wing	NOUN	 wing
Composed by Harry Gregson Williams, the score for X Men Origins: Wolverine was mixed by Malcolm Luker, engineered by Costa Kotselas, and featured Martin Tillman on the electric cello. In a 2008 interview with Christopher Coleman of Tracksounds.com, Gregson Williams said that Hood attracted	attracted	VERB	him	PRON	 him
The horns of Swayne's hartebeest are thin and shaped like parentheses, curving upward and then backward. The horns of the Tora hartebeest are particularly thin and spread out sideways, diverging more than in any other subspecies. Apart from its long face, the large chest	chest	NOUN	and	CCONJ	 and
Later this will become an extreme helium star before cooling to become a white dwarf. While RR Telescopii, also designated Nova Telescopii 1948, is often called a slow nova, it is now classified as a symbiotic nova system composed of an M5III pulsating red giant and	and	CCONJ	a	DET	 a
They spent several days trying to recover cattle, retrieve the wagons left in the desert, and transfer their food and supplies to other wagons. Reed's family incurred the heaviest losses, and Reed became more assertive, asking all the families to submit an inventory of	of	ADP	their	PRON	 their
White and his wife had at large family, with at least six children: Robert Norvell White, married Matilda McBride, daughter of John McBride Thomas B. White John A. White Francis White, Jr. (1799 – September 8, 1868) Unnamed daughter, married to	to	ADP	a	DET	 a
In the story, Heihachi Mishima has developed a rejuvenation serum, which, as it name suggests, has the ability to regress his appearance and power. After consuming it, Heihachi hosts another King of Iron Fist Tournament, sensing powerful challengers who would come to the	the	DET	tournament	NOUN	 tournament
The stadium also incorporates the Veterans Tribute, a memorial dedicated to Minnesota veterans, located in the open end of the horseshoe near the main plaza. The first phase of the construction includes approximately 50,805 seats, with the design able to support future expansion of up to	to	PART	80,000	NUM	 80,000
In line with this, the game has no cut scenes, and the player rarely loses the ability to control Gordon, who never speaks and is never actually seen in the game; the player sees " through his eyes " for the entire length of the game	game	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
The wildlife sanctuary is part of Project Tiger and Project Elephant conservation programmes run by the Government of India. The sanctuary is listed among the top five places in India for poaching tigers by the international wild life trade monitoring network, TRAFFIC. In February 2016, the	the	DET	National	PROPN	 National
Initially, the Saviem name was added besides the existing badges of the three forming companies but, from 1957 onwards, Saviem LRS appeared as marque's name on the company's products (the acronym representing the former marques Latil, Renault and Somua), which was	was	AUX	simplified	VERB	 simplified
A year later, Johnson wrote Life of Mr Richard Savage (1744), a " moving " work which, in the words of the biographer and critic Walter Jackson Bate, " remains one of the innovative works in the history of biography ". In 1746	1746	NUM	,	PUNCT	,
The royal ancestral spirits that possess tromba mediums are almost always of Sakalava ancestry. It is widely believed that the spirits of the dead often inhabit crocodiles, and it is often fady among the Antankarana to kill these animals. The Antankarana also believe in tsiny, a	a	DET	kind	NOUN	 kind
The two extra days Hamelin had spent rounding Isle de France saw activity from the British forces remaining at Grand Port. There had been no strong winds in the bay and Iphigenia was forced to resort to slowly warping towards the mouth of the channel in the hope of	of	ADP	escaping	VERB	 escaping
Lucas's expeditionary force sailed from the Texel on 23 February 1796, intending to pass through the North Sea and around Scotland before entering the Atlantic and turning south. Unspecified French support for the operation had been promised by the National Convention, but did not materialise.	.	PUNCT	The	DET	 The
" Other reviews were more critical. Robert Shearman and Lars Pearson, in their book Wanting to Believe: A Critical Guide to The X Files, Millennium & The Lone Gunmen, rated the episode two stars out of five. The two heavily criticized the episode for	for	ADP	recycling	NOUN	 recycling
The approval also included complementary extensions of the Piccadilly tube from its western terminus at Hammersmith to supplement District Railway services to Hounslow and South Harrow. The development was again financed with government backed loans, this time through the 1929 Development (Loan Guarantees and Grants) Act	Act	PROPN	.	PUNCT	.
Arising from these criteria, approximately 60 percent of the medals earned during and after World War II have been awarded posthumously. Public Law 88 77, July 25, 1963: The requirements for the Medal of Honor were standardized among all the services, requiring that a	a	DET	recipient	NOUN	 recipient
On Wednesday, September 12, the report of the " committee of style " was ordered printed for the convenience of the delegates. For three days, the Convention compared this final version with the proceedings of the Convention. The Constitution was then ordered engrossed on Saturday	Saturday	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
MI5 — the British Security Service — and the Spanish authorities became aware that an IRA active service unit was operating from the Costa del Sol and the members of the unit were placed under surveillance. After a known IRA member was sighted at the changing of the guard	guard	NOUN	ceremony	NOUN	 ceremony
Only on the first day did England provide comparable opposition, and their Selectors must have been very disappointed at the lack of determination by some of the batsmen against an attack again below full strength... Australia were the better team in batting, bowling, fielding and tactics	tactics	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
In particular, he had a significant role in Rickey's top secret search for suitable ballplayers to break the color barrier and then later he had a role in assessing the ongoing legal risks to the franchise. When co owner Smith died in July 1950, O'Malley convinced	convinced	VERB	his	PRON	 his
On 27 September, Hessen was assigned to guard duties in the Baltic, where she replaced the older battleship Lothringen. On 11 November 1918, Germany entered into the Armistice with the Western Allies. According to the terms of the Armistice, the most modern components of	of	ADP	Germany	PROPN	 Germany
The next night on Raw, a furious Mick Foley confronted Punk for refusing to pick John Cena as his Hell in a Cell opponent. This led to the two agreeing to meet at Survivor Series in a traditional five on five elimination tag team match with Punk choosing	choosing	VERB	Alberto	PROPN	 Alberto
Rejecting the RCLCF's proposal that the remastered episodes be edited to digitally erase all visible cigarettes and cigars, the BBC stated that the series " does not glorify or encourage smoking " and described the activity as " incidental to the plot ". More than 3,000 Thunderbirds	Thunderbirds	PROPN	themed	VERB	 themed
Bolden had been sentenced to death in 1991 for the 1986 murder of Henry Michael Pederson, whom Bolden allegedly picked up in a bar in San Francisco's Castro district. Bolden's attorneys claimed that Sarria, who was not on the jury that convicted Bolden but was	was	AUX	seated	VERB	 seated
The main works of the first period are the first four symphonies, the Lieder eines fahrenden Gesellen song cycle and various song collections in which the Wunderhorn songs predominate. In this period songs and symphonies are closely related and the symphonic works are programmatic. Mahler initially gave	gave	VERB	the	DET	 the
He thus accepts " conceptual relativity " – the view that it may be a matter of choice or convention, e.g., whether mereological sums exist, or whether space time points are individuals or mere limits. In other words, having abandoned internal realism Putnam came to	to	PART	accept	VERB	 accept
Directed by Hal Kanter, the cast is completed by Lizabeth Scott, Wendell Corey, and Dolores Hart in her movie debut. The storyline, about a delivery man who is discovered by a music publicist and a country – western musician who want to promote the talented	talented	ADJ	newcomer	NOUN	 newcomer
Her keel was laid down on 12 April 1920 by the Newport News Shipbuilding and Drydock Company of Newport News, Virginia. She was launched on 17 November 1921 and commissioned on 1 December 1923, Captain Thomas J. Senn in command. Despite a grounding incident early in	in	ADP	her	PRON	 her
" Time Out New York's Joshua Rothkopf called Craig " the best Bond in the franchise's history, " citing the actor's " crisp, hateful, Mamet worthy snarl... This is a screwed up Bond, a rogue Bond, a bounder, a scrapper	scrapper	NOUN	and	CCONJ	 and
In a review for The Providence Journal, Andy Smith remarked that the author was " a master of atmosphere, if not character " – a sentiment echoed by The Post and Courier's Dan Conover, who, although praising the novel's intelligence and contemporary relevance,	,	PUNCT	felt	VERB	 felt
" It's both fascinating and repelling. " Stephen Zeitchik of the Los Angeles Times called it " one of the strangest and most provocative movies this reporter has seen in eight years attending the Sundance Film Festival ". At Indiewire, Eric Kohn wrote that " Moore	Moore	PROPN	portrays	VERB	 portrays
As the storm strengthened, the watch was replaced with a tropical storm warning, and about 15 hours prior to its closest approach the warning was replaced with a hurricane warning. Several low lying citizens in Gonaïves were evacuated after local meteorologists anticipated up to 20 inches (	(	PUNCT	500	NUM	500
M 95 comes to an end north of a railroad crossing at an intersection with US 41 / M 28 named " Koski's Korner ". From its inception until 1934, M 95 held the M 45 designation. It was renumbered to avoid confusion with the then	then	ADV	new	ADJ	 new
The Minister of Health who was in power at that time wrote a letter complimenting us for the way that we had put the information across. " The HIV storyline came to an end on screen in 2003, when executive producer Louise Berridge decided to axe Mark Fowler	Fowler	PROPN	.	PUNCT	.
In the United States, internationalism came to be associated with communism. In the post Cold War era, several factors contributed to a more favorable environment for UNPA proposals. A Trilateral Commission report notes that the shift from a world led by the two rival Soviet- and	and	CCONJ	U.S.-led	PROPN	 U.S.-led
At the end of the 1885 season, Buffalo was going through financial trouble and were forced to sell off their players, so " The Big Four " were sold to the Detroit Wolverines of the NL for US $7,000. In 1886, his first season in	in	ADP	Detroit	PROPN	 Detroit
Auden left Oxford in 1928 with a third class degree. Auden was reintroduced to Christopher Isherwood in 1925 by his fellow student A. S. T. Fisher. For the next few years Auden sent poems to Isherwood for comments and criticism; the two maintained a sexual friendship in	in	ADP	intervals	NOUN	 intervals
He spent 18 months teaching in a Preparatory School before joining the British Army. Walker married Victoria (" Tor ", née Holme), in 1973 and the couple have three children — two sons and one daughter. He lists his interests as sailing, shooting	shooting	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
Rabin and Gordon later co wrote a 2010 paper with additional authors in Neuroscience Letters and expanded on research incorporating use of the Magic Wand to stimulate the biceps brachia. They measured people suffering Parkinson's disease (PD) for proprioceptive ability while their subjects ' biceps muscles	muscles	NOUN	were	AUX	 were
The head is large and triangular, while the neck is greatly narrowed: almost one third the width of the head. A pair of " horns " is present between the raised nostrils — tiny in B. g. gabonica, but much larger in B. g. rhinoceros.	.	PUNCT	The	DET	 The
Nonetheless, the storm peaked with winds of 45 mph (75 km / h) on August 16. However, interaction with the terrain of Hispaniola caused Cindy to weaken. Late on August 16, the storm had been reduced to a tropical depression, around the	the	DET	time	NOUN	 time
Ultimately, the air force decided against the 777, and selected instead the Boeing 747 8 to be the next presidential aircraft. Boeing customers that have received the most 777s are ILFC, Emirates, Singapore Airlines, United Airlines, and Air France. Emirates is the	the	DET	largest	ADJ	 largest
The games also won awards from several gaming publications. In March 2014, Bandai Namco reported that the series had sold more than 1.7 million copies worldwide. Ni no Kuni: Dominion of the Dark Djinn was released in Japan on December 9, 2010, for the	the	DET	Nintendo	PROPN	 Nintendo
When first discovered, Sedna was thought to have an unusually long rotational period (20 to 50 days). It was initially speculated that Sedna's rotation was slowed by the gravitational pull of a large binary companion, similar to Pluto's moon Charon. A search	search	NOUN	for	ADP	 for
The lock keeper's cottage is also grade II listed. It was built in the 1850s, but was moved northwards by 20 yards (18 m) during the 1890 reconstruction. Below the locks, a five arched red sandstone viaduct, constructed in 1837, crosses	crosses	VERB	the	DET	 the
Browne and his club mates raced on Saturdays and trained on Sundays. Browne had his first success at a major competition when he won the 10 mile at his first Australian Championships in 1953. He did not team up with Tony Marchant until the start of 1956,	,	PUNCT	just	ADV	 just
Mahesh Babu as Gautham Kriti Sanon as Sameera Gautham Krishna as Young Gautham Anu Hasan as Kalyani, Gautham's mother Anand as Chandrashekhar, Gautham's father Nassar as the actual businessman Kelly Dorji as Antonio Rosarius Pradeep Rawat as the actual taxi driver Sayaji Shinde as Inspector John	John	PROPN	Baadshah	PROPN	 Baadshah
One French captain described a chief forcing upwards of 150 girls and young women on his crew of 80. Most New Zealanders are of British and Irish ancestry, with smaller percentages of other European ancestries such as French, Dutch, Scandinavian and German. In the 2006	2006	NUM	census	NOUN	 census
In 2011, Johnson had his second best statistical season of his NFL career, reaching a career high 1,681 receiving yards and 16 touchdowns. In a week 4 game against the Dallas Cowboys, Johnson helped rally the Lions from a 24 point deficit to a 34 –	–	PUNCT	30	NUM	 30
The latter was hardly a punk song by any stretch, but it was perhaps the first song about punk rock. On 26 November, the Sex Pistols ' " Anarchy in the U.K. " came out — with its debut single the band succeeded in its goal of	of	ADP	becoming	VERB	 becoming
The stadium hosted the final on three previous occasions; twice in the past two seasons and for the first time in 1996. The venue had a capacity of 8,000 and 4,500 tickets were allocated to Queen of the South who had a larger fan base and average home	home	NOUN	support	NOUN	 support
The film completed a fifty day run on 17 June 2006, in nearly 300 centres and had earned US $350,000 to become the highest grossing Telugu film in the United States. By July 2006, the film had earned approximately ₹ 350 — 400 million and become	become	VERB	the	DET	 the
Such flow velocity patterns mean that the zonal winds decrease in belts and increase in zones from the equator to the pole. Therefore, wind shear in belts is cyclonic, while in zones it is anticyclonic. The EZ is an exception to this rule, showing a	a	DET	strong	ADJ	 strong
Those that survived the raids in good repair are often sub divided into offices or apartments, their Baroque interiors dismantled, divided, and sold. The remaining members of the Sicilian aristocracy who still inhabit their ancestral palazzi are unable to make opening their houses to tourism a	a	DET	major	ADJ	 major
Bahá ' ís believe that the prophecy that Maitreya will usher in a new society of tolerance and love has been fulfilled by Bahá ' u'lláh's teachings on world peace. Bahá ' u'lláh is believed to be a descendant of a long line of kings in Persia through	through	ADP	Yazdgerd	PROPN	 Yazdgerd
In June, Bradburn joined Perry at his headquarters, a bluff along the Trinity River which became known as Perry's Point. Little activity occurred over the next few months. In November 1816, another filibuster, Francisco Javier Mina, arrived with additional men and supplies	supplies	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
A confusion in aiming of the observed size, 7%, for a rocket propelled grenade travelling 70 metres in 0.5 seconds, would be 7% of the distance moved by the target, or 90 centimetres, perhaps enough to save life in that situation. In	In	ADP	1914	NUM	 1914
" Take a Bow " was offered for use in the episode at a reduced licensing rate, something which surprised Murphy, who believed he would not be able to secure the rights to the song. He stated: " Usually, people who have no. 1	1	NUM	hits	NOUN	 hits
Geddes praised Trouble in Paradise's cooperative features, but found local cooperative to lose most of the benefits of efficient multitasking. Mc Shea (GameSpot) on the other hand felt that it was strange to be on either side of the cooperative gardening experience, which lacks	lacks	VERB	the	DET	 the
Female Branchiura do not carry eggs in external ovisacs but attach them in rows to rocks and other objects. Most leptostracans and krill carry the eggs between their thoracic limbs; some copepods carry their eggs in special thin walled sacs, while others have them attached together in	in	ADP	long	ADJ	 long
He completed his posting to Vietnam in November 1968 and was awarded the Distinguished Service Order for his performance as commanding officer of No. 2 Squadron. The decoration was gazetted on 2 May 1969 and backdated to 13 March. Evans was promoted to group captain in January	January	PROPN	1969	NUM	 1969
Mark " Exit " Goodchild recorded the song at Glenwood Place Studios in Burbank, while Jacob Dennis served as recording assistant. It was mixed by Dylan " 3 D " Dresdow at Paper V.U. Studios North Hollywood with Jaime Martinez serving as a mixing assistant. The track	track	NOUN	's	PART	's
Some have been used for vaulting, dressage, show jumping and three day eventing. The Mérens is now considered a multi purpose recreational horse that is also attached to the cultural identity of the Ariege region. They are used for leisure and competitive trail riding. They	They	PRON	are	AUX	 are
A decision will be taken in 2014 on the extent to which Britain will adopt the Block III upgrades of the AH 64E - the options range from abandoning the capability altogether to buying brand new Block III helicopters but Boeing believe it is most likely that Britain will remanufacture	remanufacture	VERB	,	PUNCT	,
Trade between the two countries increased, as Jämtland had easy access to the Trøndelag market. However, the freight rates were so high that it was cheaper to send some products to Trøndelag from the Swedish east coast by ship around Scania. Meråker saw in industrial boom	boom	NOUN	due	ADP	 due
In early 2004, Lopez was sent home from Canada after more anxiety attacks on tour. Opeth decided against cancelling the remainder of the tour, with Lopez's drum technician filling in for two concerts. Lopez promised that he would return to the tour as soon as	as	SCONJ	he	PRON	 he
In Italy, however, he was attributed geometric patterns (argent a bend gules per Loomis 1938, 59). The Arthurian legends contain numerous instances of red knights, black knights or green knights challenging the knights of the Round Table. In most cases, the	the	DET	color	NOUN	 color
That decrease is enough to compensate for the increased potential energy associated with lifting the fluid near the walls of the container. If a tube is sufficiently narrow and the liquid adhesion to its walls is sufficiently strong, surface tension can draw liquid up the tube in a	a	DET	phenomenon	NOUN	 phenomenon
The element, called Task Force Olympia, deployed to Mosul, Iraq in January 2004, where it assumed its mission from the 101st Airborne Division to form a headquarters to exercise command and control of all coalition and Iraqi forces in northern Iraq. It coordinated the efforts	efforts	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
Reaching a vault is always possible with enough skill; the game forces players to escape their own traps before other players can access them. Being caught in one's own traps has the same consequence as any other trap in the game: permadeath. The Castle Doctrine	Doctrine	PROPN	was	AUX	 was
While filming horror scenes, he tried to create a suspenseful mood by clearing the set of only the essential cast and staff, then refusing to let them talk to each other as the scenes were shot. Pierce appeared in The Town That Dreaded Sundown as police Patrolman	Patrolman	PROPN	A.C.	PROPN	 A.C.
Important passes through the Absarokas include Sylvan Pass, which leads to the eastern entrance of Yellowstone National Park; and Togwotee Pass, which provides access to Jackson Hole and Grand Teton National Park. In the far north of Shoshone National Forest a small portion of the Beartooth	Beartooth	PROPN	Mountains	PROPN	 Mountains
Atlantis delivered Cosmonauts Anatoly Solovyev and Nikolai Budarin, who would form the expedition EO 19 crew, and retrieved Astronaut Norman Thagard and Cosmonauts Vladimir Dezhurov and Gennady Strekalov of the expedition EO 18 crew. Atlantis also carried out on orbit joint US Russian life sciences investigations aboard	aboard	ADP	a	DET	 a
In 1931, in a Central Committee (CC) resolution, it was decided that increased investments coupled with the introduction of newer trains could solve the crisis. This resolution was never carried out, and yet again, the system continued to deteriorate. The Central Committee	Committee	PROPN	ordered	VERB	 ordered
This purchase will allow for expansion of the medical sciences and athletics areas, as well as new laboratories. Unicamp's main campus houses the School of Medical Sciences ' teaching hospital, the Hospital das Clinicas. Construction started in 1975 and the hospital opened its first clinics	clinics	NOUN	and	CCONJ	 and
From Mt. Pleasant to Midland, M 20 is designed as a four – lane highway with a continuous center turn lane passing through rural forest land. M 20 picks up inclusion on the NHS from this point east. Once M 20 reaches Midland on Jerome Street,	,	PUNCT	it	PRON	 it
The only women that had attended Georgia Tech did so through the School of Commerce. After it was removed in 1931, women were not able to enroll at Tech until 1952. In 1952 women could only enroll in programs not offered at other universities in Georgia.	.	PUNCT	In	ADP	 In
" They join the four military units that had been awarded the Congressional Gold Medal prior to them. These were the Navaho Wind Talkers – Native American Marines whose primary job was the transmission of secret tactical messages with the use of their Native language; the Nisei Soldiers	Soldiers	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
The " Line Training " mode enables the player to try out any of the tracks and improve their driving techniques, without any computer controlled car. An ideal racing line is shown in red on the track and becomes jagged when the suggested braking points are approached.	.	PUNCT	This	DET	 This
After two years of the Sounds lobbying for the new park and threatening to leave town (either for the suburbs or a new city altogether), Mayor Bill Purcell agreed to support preliminary plans for the stadium on October 25, 2005, and the Nashville Metro Council	Council	PROPN	approved	VERB	 approved
He signed Abdoulaye Faye, Kevin Nolan, Joey O'Brien and Matt Taylor. Faye, Nolan and O'Brien had all played under Allardyce at his former club Bolton Wanderers while Taylor was a Bolton player who had joined after Allardyce left the club. He made striker John Carew	Carew	PROPN	West	PROPN	 West
The 1965 issue contained an article entitled " The Nudity Cult " and de emphasized the travelogue like writing of previous " Fun in the Sun " issues from which it evolved. Since then, the Swimsuit Issue has become the biggest selling issue of the magazine, and	and	CCONJ	a	DET	 a
After that, they speak to Greg, who tells them that Alina constantly talks about how she and her husband have grown apart. Michael goes to search for Alina at a beach and finds her there. The two talk about Marcus and everything that happened previously.	.	PUNCT	Michael	PROPN	 Michael
After mediation offered by Franklin D. Roosevelt, the Assistant Secretary of the Navy at the time, Moreno was released on 20 February to Argentine sailors who had been staying in American battleships moored in the Philadelphia Navy Yard. Even Moreno's departure was marked by mishaps.	.	PUNCT	On	ADP	 On
In late August, following the conclusion of hostilities the 2 / 3rd was concentrated at Wewak Point, in the 19th Brigade's area, where final parades were held and education classes commenced to prepare the soldiers for discharge and return to civilian life. Meanwhile, following	following	VERB	the	DET	 the
The few of us who knew him and loved him well, always keep him in our hearts, but his work will go on long after we have passed away. It may give its message in one generation to a few or in other to many more,	,	PUNCT	but	CCONJ	 but
After treatment, only that which was painted " buon fresco " would remain. According to critics, the inherent problem with this approach is that it relied heavily upon an assumption that Michelangelo only painted buon fresco, that he was always satisfied with the result at the	the	DET	end	NOUN	 end
This district encompassed not only the city of Nanking proper, occupied by the Japanese from December 13, but also the six rural counties surrounding it, namely Jiangning, Lishui, Jurong, Jiangpu, Luhe, and Gaochun. This definition, though considerably larger than the	the	DET	IMTFE	NOUN	 IMTFE
If the raters are in complete agreement then <formula>. If there is no agreement among the raters (other than what would be expected by chance) then <formula>. An example of the use of Fleiss ' kappa may be the following: Consider	Consider	VERB	fourteen	NUM	 fourteen
The Man in the Planet (Jack Fisk) pulls levers in his home in space, while the head of Henry Spencer (Jack Nance) floats in the sky. A giant spermatozoon like creature emerges from Spencer's mouth, floating into the void. The Man	Man	PROPN	in	ADP	 in
As the race entered the Alps, Merckx began to lose more time; he lost thirteen minutes on the stage to Alpe d'Huez alone. On the stage into Saint Étienne, Merckx attacked and managed to gain enough time to move into sixth overall; he finished the	the	DET	Tour	PROPN	 Tour
Campbell, returning from injury praised the team performance in his post match interview: " It's brilliant for us. It's also great for the manager Arsène Wenger to get to the final in France – I'm sure he will get a great reception. "	"	PUNCT	In	ADP	 In
Jake — who was able to use his shape shifting powers to save himself — runs over to Finn, and Marceline states that the fight they had was fun and that the two of them can have their old house back, as a gift. Once Finn and	and	CCONJ	Jake	PROPN	 Jake
Once in the Gulf, Winnebago was taken under tow by the sidewheel gunboat Metacomet for the voyage across the Gulf. Farragut inspected the monitor after her arrival and was dismayed to learn that one of her turrets had jammed. He also preferred to have a more experienced	experienced	ADJ	officer	NOUN	 officer
He headed a military unit during the second British invasion of the Río de la Plata, and worked at the Buenos Aires Cabildo. He took part in the ill fated Mutiny of Álzaga. Larrea and Domingo Matheu were the only two Spanish born members of the Primera	Primera	PROPN	Junta	PROPN	 Junta
By keeping the core graphics engine simple, the game was able to contain elongated draw distances and a smooth frame rate. It was released on October 4, 2002 in PAL regions, and on December 4, 2002 in North America. Moto Racer Advance was the	the	DET	last	ADJ	 last
After the declaration of war against Russia, eleven " Russian " players (Alekhine, Efim Bogoljubov, Fedor Bogatyrchuk, Alexander Flamberg, N. Koppelman, Boris Maliutin, Ilya Rabinovich, Peter Romanovsky, Pyotr Saburov, Alexey Selezniev, and Samuil Weinstein) were interned in	in	ADP	Rastatt	PROPN	 Rastatt
He not only collected British works but imported Greek and Latin classics, and in 1790, he acquired the collection of Count Charles de Revicksky, paying an initial £1000, and then £500 annually until the count's death, only three years later. George	George	PROPN	often	ADV	 often
The massive Bass and Company maltings complex, constructed in brick off Mareham Lane between 1892 and 1905, is grade II * listed and has a frontage more than 1,000 feet long. The Handley family were well connected with business; Benjamin Handley was a lawyer, prominent	prominent	ADJ	in	ADP	 in
Hearing of the approach of Pompey, Spartacus attempted to negotiate with Crassus to bring the conflict to a close before Roman reinforcements arrived. When Crassus refused, a portion of Spartacus ' forces broke out of confinement and fled toward the mountains west of Petelia (modern Strongoli	Strongoli	PROPN	)	PUNCT	)
Also, the iPad's development model requires anyone creating an app for the iPad to sign a non disclosure agreement and pay for a developer subscription. Critics argue Apple's centralized app approval process and control of the platform itself could stifle software innovation. Of particular concern	concern	NOUN	to	ADP	 to
The " veil " was that which covered colored people around the world. In the book, he hoped to lift the veil and show white readers what life was like behind the veil, and how it distorted the viewpoints of those looking through it – in both	both	DET	directions	NOUN	 directions
" It was a big part of the idea to just let people do things ", Realtime Worlds producer Phil Wilson said about the gameplay; " testers would do things we were completely blown away by ". Dave Jones, CEO of Realtime Worlds, described the	the	DET	concept	NOUN	 concept
A few minutes before the end of the first half, Liverpool went 3 – 1 up when Gary McAllister scored from the penalty spot. Minutes after the start of the second half, Javi Moreno scored twice to level the match at 3 – 3. Liverpool went	went	VERB	in	ADP	 in
The first two Union divisions arrived on the afternoon of September 15 and the bulk of the remainder of the army late that evening. Although an immediate Union attack on the morning of September 16 would have had an overwhelming advantage in numbers, McClellan's trademark caution and	and	CCONJ	his	PRON	 his
Lingbao scriptures arose as a direct result of the success of earlier Shangqing texts. Lingbao scriptures are all based on a text known as the Text of the Five Talismans (Wufujing), which was compiled by Ge Chaofu between 397 and 402 and borrowed from the work	work	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
Petr Veliky had its genesis in the visit of the American twin turret monitor USS Miantonomoh to Kronstadt in August 1866, that inspired Rear Admiral A. A. Popov to submit a preliminary design for a low freeboard, breastwork monitor with a full suite of sails and masts.	.	PUNCT	He	PRON	 He
Since Al Kateb's application for a visa was rejected, he was classified as an unlawful non citizen. Section 196 of the Migration Act provides that unlawful non citizens can only be released from immigration detention if they are granted a visa, deported, or removed from	from	ADP	Australia	PROPN	 Australia
Soon, a premium cable television network called HBOWTIME (an obvious portmanteau of HBO and Showtime, straight down to their parody of HBO's longtime slogan, " It's not just TV, it's more expensive. ") gives Krusty his own show and Annie	Annie	PROPN	is	AUX	 is
Unlike the preceding entries in the series, the soundtrack was not released at the same time as the film, although Small appears to have mixed tracks for a release. However, it was given a promotional release in 2000 on Audio CD and Compact Cassette. Reviews	Reviews	NOUN	for	ADP	 for
This species shows sexual dimorphism. Although a small percentage of males resemble females, the typical male is much larger than the female and has an elaborate breeding plumage. He is 29 – 32 cm (11 – 13 in) long with a 54 – 60 cm	cm	NOUN	(	PUNCT	 (
" Picasso Baby " contains a sample of " Sirens " performed by Adrian Younge. " Tom Ford " contains elements of " Bad Girls " performed by M.I.A. " Somewhereinamerica " embodies portions of " Gangster of Love (Part 1) " written by Johnny Guitar Watson	Watson	PROPN	.	PUNCT	.
McCain's victory put a final end to Mecham's political career. During the same election Arizona finally passed a referendum, which McCain supported, enabling the state Martin Luther King, Jr. holiday. McCain was a co sponsor of the Agent Orange Act of 1991,	,	PUNCT	which	PRON	 which
", Human Rights Quarterly 30 (4): 876 – 905, doi: 10.1353 / hrq.0.0034. Tey, Tsun Hang (2008), " Singapore's Jurisprudence of Political Defamation and its Triple Whammy Impact on Political Speech ", Public Law: 452 – 462	462	NUM	.	PUNCT	.
Part of the training was reported to have taken place on the Mangla Dam reservoir. The recruits went through the following stages of training, according to Indian and US media reports: Psychological: Indoctrination to Islamist ideas, including imagery of atrocities suffered by Muslims in India	India	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
" Nonetheless, she said that her organization was pleased to have been consulted in the development of the plan. That July, Stefan Lehmeier, a World Vision Canada Senior Policy Advisor for Child Protection, said that World Vision was pleased with the establishment of the NAP	NAP	PROPN	CHT	PROPN	 CHT
But whatever their differences, Hancock and Adams came together again in 1773 with the renewal of major political turmoil. They cooperated in the revelation of private letters of Thomas Hutchinson, in which the governor seemed to recommend " an abridgement of what are called English liberties "	"	PUNCT	to	PART	 to
The corresponding Runge – Lenz vector is more complicated, <formula> where <formula> is the natural oscillation frequency and <formula> The following are arguments showing that the LRL vector is conserved under central forces that obey an inverse square law. A central force	force	NOUN	<	PROPN	 <
If Ajay shoots Pagan, the game ends immediately and the credits roll. If Ajay instead chooses to listen, Pagan reveals that Ajay's father sent Ishwari to spy on Pagan in the early days of the Golden Path. They fell in love and had a daughter	daughter	NOUN	together	ADV	 together
As it moved away from the other circulation, the depression was able to intensify, and the wind shear decreased. On June 13 the JMA upgraded the depression to Tropical Storm Soudelor to the east of Samar Island in the Philippines. That day, the Philippine Atmospheric	Atmospheric	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
It flows through Bruton and is joined by the rivers Pitt and Alham. The river then flows past East and West Lydford to Baltonsborough and then turns north to Street across Butts Moor, South Moor and Kennard Moor. Originally it then joined the Axe but now it	it	PRON	flows	VERB	 flows
" Mini Anthikad Chhibber The Hindu commented that " Madonna pulls out all stops in this effort turn the world into a dance floor and one just has to doff one's hat to her energy. " At the 50th Grammy Awards held on February 10, 2008 at	at	ADP	Staples	PROPN	 Staples
Disney had already begun working out the details for the segments, and showed greater enthusiasm and eagerness as opposed to his anxiety while starting on Pinocchio. Clair de Lune was soon removed from the Fantasia program, but Disney and his writers encountered problems of setting a concrete	concrete	ADJ	story	NOUN	 story
Existing documents offer confused accounts of Juba's dancing style, but certain themes emerge: it was percussive, varied in tempo, lightning fast at times, expressive, and unlike anything seen before. The dance likely incorporated both European folk steps, such as the Irish	Irish	ADJ	jig	PROPN	 jig
Having earned $11,548,898 from 3,307 screens on its opening weekend, its take collapsed by 67 percent to $3,924,921 the following weekend, giving an average take of $1,158 per screen. The film made 85 percent of its entire domestic gross in its first 10 days	days	NOUN	and	CCONJ	 and
On October 26, Edo was renamed Tokyo, and the Meiji period officially started. Aizu was besieged starting that month, leading to the mass suicide of the Byakkotai (White Tiger Corps) young warriors. After a protracted month long battle, Aizu finally admitted defeat	defeat	NOUN	on	ADP	 on
The event, which occurred as darkness descended onto Wrigley Field, became immortalized as the Homer in the Gloamin '. Until the career of Johnny Bench, Hartnett was considered the greatest catcher in the history of the National League. A six time All Star, he	he	PRON	appeared	VERB	 appeared
The Rosewood Heritage Foundation created a traveling exhibit that tours internationally to share the history of Rosewood and the attacks; a permanent display is housed in the library of Bethune Cookman University in Daytona Beach. The Real Rosewood Foundation presents a variety of humanitarian awards to people in	in	ADP	Central	PROPN	 Central
The game's original soundtrack, entitled Planetary Pieces: Sonic World Adventure Original Soundtrack, was released as a three disc set in Japan on January 28, 2009. The main theme music for the game is entitled " Endless Possibility ", and features Jaret Reddick of	of	ADP	the	DET	 the
Flying Returns is Air India's frequent flyer programme. It is India's first frequent flyer programme and is shared by Air India and its subsidiaries. A member can earn mileage points and redeem them during future travel. On higher fares, passengers will earn bonus miles	miles	NOUN	and	CCONJ	 and
Going into the Paralympics, her team was ranked eighth in the world. The Australian Paralympic Committee had chosen to work on her development as a goalball player with the idea that she might be able to qualify for and win a medal at the 2016 Summer Paralympics.	.	PUNCT	Taylor	PROPN	 Taylor
Nevertheless, while it is not known whether Mallory and Bader were aware that the claims of the RAF and Big Wings were exaggerated, they certainly tried to use them as a potent tool with which to remove Park and Dowding from command and pursue the Big Wing tactic	tactic	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
At roughly the same time, the Japanese carriers were attacked by 12 USAAF B 17 Flying Fortresses, bombing from 20,000 feet (6,100 m). The high altitude of the B 17s gave the Japanese captains enough time to anticipate where the bombs would land and successfully	successfully	ADV	maneuver	VERB	 maneuver
The excrescences are unevenly spaced, simple to somewhat branched, cylindrical, and straight or curved. There are no pleurocystidia (cystidia on the gill face) in this species. The hymenophoral (gill producing) tissue is made of thin walled hyphae that are 7 –	–	PUNCT	20	NUM	 20
Furthermore, Cal Poly is considered one of the top investments for educational value, with a 2013 net 30 year return on investment (ROI) of $917,100 according to PayScale. This ROI is the third highest in the CSU and 113th highest of the 1,511 US	US	PROPN	colleges	NOUN	 colleges
Later, Guthrie told Lincoln that Morehead's arrest had " not been beneficial " to their cause in Kentucky. Morehead was paroled on January 6, 1862, on the condition that he swear an oath not to take part in the Confederate insurgence. On March 19	19	NUM	,	PUNCT	,
Although she had only fifteen minutes to prepare for the character, the producers were " really responsive " to Carpenter's audition, and she left feeling confident she had got the part. After Carpenter's audition, actress Sarah Michelle Gellar, who had been offered the	the	DET	role	NOUN	 role
They found two unrelated clades within Malagasy and Comoran samples of " Miniopterus manavi ", neither of which was closely related to M. newtoni or to Tanzanian samples of M. minor. During 2009, Steven Goodman and colleagues published two papers that found a total of five genetically	genetically	ADV	and	CCONJ	 and
When multiplied out, all three equations have xs2 + ys2 on the left hand side, and rs2 on the right hand side. Subtracting one equation from another eliminates these quadratic terms; the remaining linear terms may be re arranged to yield formulae for the coordinates xs	xs	PROPN	and	CCONJ	 and
After originally selling two million copies upon its initial release (2 × Multi Platinum), Greatest Hits Volume Two would later certify at 5 × Multi Platinum by the RIAA in 1998. The album has gone to sell over 10 million copies worldwide, which makes it	it	PRON	McEntire	PROPN	 McEntire
" Paul's tattoo of Woody Guthrie resulted in a chance meeting with Nora Guthrie, Woody Guthrie's daughter, at a Folk Alliance Conference when Nora asked to see Paul's tattoo. That chance meeting resulted in Paul being invited to perform at a Woody Guthrie tribute	tribute	NOUN	show	NOUN	 show
It was during the Korean War that the SBS first started operating from submarines. In 1952, SBS teams were held at combat readiness in Egypt in case Gamal Abdel Nasser's coup turned more violent than it did. The SBS were also alerted during the Suez Crisis	Crisis	PROPN	of	ADP	 of
The word " lemur " derives from the word lemures (ghosts or spirits) from Roman mythology and was first used to describe a slender loris due to its nocturnal habits and slow pace, but was later applied to the primates on Madagascar. As with other strepsirrhine	strepsirrhine	NOUN	primates	NOUN	 primates
For example, he says that once one dismisses the false idea of Moses being the author of Genesis, " The story of Eve and the serpent, and of Noah and his ark, drops to a level with the Arabian tales, without the merit of being	being	AUX	entertaining	ADJ	 entertaining
The additional four units were needed for operating the Trondheim – Bodø trains on the Nordland Line, of which three would be used at any one time. Double units (four cars) are sometimes operated on the Trondheim – Mo i Rana train, as are the	the	DET	Friday	PROPN	 Friday
" Swinburne acknowledges that his argument by itself may not give a reason to believe in the existence of God, but in combination with other arguments such as cosmological arguments and evidence from mystical experience, he thinks it can. While discussing Hume's arguments, Alvin Plantinga	Plantinga	PROPN	offered	VERB	 offered
On January 6, 2013, the Rockets suspended White without pay for failing to perform his contract. On January 26, 2013, the Rockets and White mutually agreed that he would report to the Rio Grande Valley Vipers on February 11, 2013. On February 8	8	NUM	,	PUNCT	,
Like other eosimiiforms, it was a small primate that weighed around 94 or 108 g (3.3 or 3.8 oz), which is estimated based on the measurements of its m2 and M1, respectively. It is generally similar to other eosimiiforms in general and Afrotarsius in	in	ADP	particular	ADJ	 particular
He would later have a transport ship named after him: the GTS Admiral W. M. Callaghan (T AKR 1001). Late in life, Callaghan resided in Chevy Chase, Maryland. Following a stroke, he died on July 8, 1991, at Bethesda Naval	Naval	PROPN	Hospital	PROPN	 Hospital
Four hundred volunteers are required to feed over 60,000 people who attend the one day event that had its 50th anniversary in 2010. Other groups, such as the Calgary Stampede Caravan, feed as many as 120,000 people over ten days. The rising popularity of the barbecue	barbecue	ADJ	grill	NOUN	 grill
Later in the same year, he, together with Alexandre Percequillo and Robert Voss, named ten new genera for species previously placed in Oryzomys, including Transandinomys, which has Oryzomys talamancae (now Transandinomys talamancae) as its type species. They also included Oryzomys bolivaris,	,	PUNCT	which	PRON	 which
Huw Jones of Slant Magazine described her sound as " a unique gray area between neo soul, funk, and art rock ". Music writer Greg Kot noted that the album " touches on " musical genres such as funk, hip hop, folk, electro pop	pop	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
" When developing the characteristics of their version of Lois Lane, the writers took inspiration from other leading ladies in cinema, for example, Karen Allen's character Marion Ravenwood, from Raiders of the Lost Ark. Todd Slavkin describes the character as having a " sophisticated,	,	PUNCT	worldly	ADV	 worldly
The glaringly displayed phallus in the monastery is a brown wooden piece with a silver handle, a religious relic considered to possess divine powers and hence used for blessing the spiritually oriented people. It is also said to prevent quarrels among family members in the houses which are	are	AUX	painted	VERB	 painted
The Bulgarian forces were led by Isbul, as well as the ichirgu boil (commander of the capital garrison) and the head priest. As the inscription is damaged, it is unclear who Presian and Isbul supported in that conflict. However, during this campaign the	the	DET	Bulgarian	ADJ	 Bulgarian
While all of the figures generally look the same, without gender or distinguishing characteristics, individual players can be told apart by unique symbols which are shown floating in the air when they sing and are displayed on their robes at all times. The entire game takes about	about	ADV	two	NUM	 two
August wrote the scenario with the intent to highlight the evils of organized charity while entertaining the viewers. The film focuses on William Weldon, a telegraph lineman who is injured on the job and can not work for several weeks. The family seeks aid from charity organizations	organizations	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
Only cathedrals, collegiate churches and large burgh churches were resourced to perform the more elaborate services; the services in the parish churches were more basic. The clergy were augmented by an unknown number of lay lawyers and clerks as well as masons, carpenters, glaziers,	,	PUNCT	plumbers	NOUN	 plumbers
The group's No Life ' til Leather demo (1982) was noticed by Megaforce label head Jon Zazula, who signed them and provided a small budget of $15,000 for recording. The album was recorded in May with producer Paul Curcio at the Music America Studios	Studios	PROPN	in	ADP	 in
C Squadron screened the brigade in the morning and by 16: 00 the regiment had drawn away from the brigade as C Squadron reached the escarpment. The German 15th Panzer Division, halted on the road due to a fuel shortage, was targeted by Div Cav.	.	PUNCT	During	ADP	 During
Telephone and mail communications operated throughout the Cold War, although packages and letters were routinely opened and telephone calls were monitored by the East German secret police. The economic impact of the border was harsh. Many towns and villages were severed from their markets and economic hinterlands	hinterlands	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
Human Rights Watch said that there were " serious violations of due process " at the trials of 21 defendants relating to July protests. It said the trials " did not meet minimum international standards of due process and fair trials " – specifically, it said that the	the	DET	trials	NOUN	 trials
For a young guy to have a good changeup, that's an aptitude right there. It's pitchability. " The development of Hamels ' changeup is attributed by his high school pitching coach, Mark Furtak, to the fact that in high school he broke his	his	PRON	arm	NOUN	 arm
The second, titled Last Exile – Travelers from the Hourglass (ラストエグザイル – 砂時計の旅人, Rasuto Eguzairu – Sunadokei no Ryojin), tells what happened to the Claus and his friends after the events of Last Exile and before the events of Last Exile: Fam, The	The	DET	Silver	PROPN	 Silver
In September 2012, Inside Soap named Becky's exit as their number 2 happy ending, " Becky believed the world expected the worst of her, and thought it her duty to deliver the goods — generally with a strain of White Diamond cider spending down the front	front	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
However, the Northern California campaign chairman for Nixon, John Dinkenspiel, and his paid assistant, Harvey Hancock, declined to use the Pink Sheet in their territory. With the Korean War raging, Douglas also tried to depict Nixon as soft on communism, stating this	this	PRON	in	ADP	 in
Before reaching the river, the state highway passes to the north of the village of Benedict, which was the site of the landing of British troops to march toward Washington prior to the Battle of Bladensburg during the War of 1812. The state highway crosses the Patuxent	Patuxent	PROPN	River	PROPN	 River
Brown was captured and executed; nevertheless, Mississippi representatives Reuben Davis and Otho Singleton each stated that if Seward or another Radical Republican was elected, he would meet with the resistance of a united South. To rebut such allegations, and to set forth his views in	in	ADP	the	DET	 the
The Edgeworths jointly developed the concept of " Practical Education ", a principle that would become a new paradigm by the 1820s. Having determined that after eight years, Richard Edgeworth's attempt to raise his eldest son Richard according to the principles of Rousseau was a failure	failure	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
The film's design team was uncertain about how it should look and drew out designs for various ice castles filled with snow. Lasseter suggested basing the structure and patterns on snowflakes. For example, an enormous snowflake would serve as the foundation, and the palace would	would	AUX	be	AUX	 be
The short was broadcast in 1997 as one of Cartoon Network's World Premiere Toons. In 1997, while writing for Carol, MacFarlane planned to develop the Larry shorts into a short film series for MADtv; however, the project was abandoned because the show did not	not	PART	possess	VERB	 possess
Because of the technical difficulties (the short half life of mRNA, for example) in the collection of environmental RNA there have been relatively few in situ metatranscriptomic studies of microbial communities to date. While originally limited to microarray technology, metatranscriptomcs studies have made use of	of	ADP	direct	ADJ	 direct
McCain subsequently cast Supreme Court confirmation votes in favor of John Roberts and Samuel Alito, calling them " two of the finest justices ever appointed to the United States Supreme Court. " Breaking from his 2001 and 2003 votes, McCain supported the Bush tax cut extension in	in	ADP	May	PROPN	 May
Norman averages a growing season of 209 days, but plants that can withstand short periods of colder temperatures may have an additional three to six weeks. Winter months tend to be cloudier than summer months, with the percentage of possible sunshine ranging from an average of about	about	ADV	55	NUM	 55
In November 2013, Lorde signed a publishing deal with Songs Music Publishing, worth a reported US $2.5 million, after a bidding war between various companies, including Sony Music Entertainment and her label UMG. The agreement gives the publisher the right to license Lorde's	's	PART	music	NOUN	 music
Home of Bodø / Glimt and Grand Bodø, it holds a capacity for 7,354 spectators. The venue has three stands: a modern all seater with roof, 100 club seats and 15 luxury boxes to the south, an unroofed all seater to the east and an	an	DET	older	ADJ	 older
After Streets ' parents separated, he lived with his mother in Matteson. She started him in track, which quickly supplanted baseball, which he last played at age 12. At Rich South High School of Richton Park, Illinois he participated initially in basketball and track	track	NOUN	with	ADP	 with
Payton graduated in 1975 with a Bachelor's degree in Communications. He acquired the nickname " Sweetness " in college. The nickname's origin is ambiguous: it is variously said to have stemmed from his personality, from his athletic grace, or as a sarcastic description	description	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
He came to own over 200 suits, which he wore with heavily starched shirts with detachable collars, and as a barrister took pride in never wearing the same silk tie twice. Even when he was dying, he insisted on being formally dressed, " I will	will	AUX	not	PART	 not
The Russo Japanese War broke out in the Pacific on February 10 [O.S. January 27] 1904. In March the navy assigned Sissoi Veliky to the Second Pacific Squadron bound for the Pacific with Admiral Zinovy Rozhestvensky in command. Despite the urgency, calls to speed up	up	ADP	repairs	NOUN	 repairs
Number Ones peaked at number one the ARIA Top 40 Music DVD chart in Australia. It was ranked at number two, charting behind only Funhouse Tour: Live In Australia by Pink, on the Australian Highest Selling Music DVD chart for 2009. It also peaked at	at	ADP	number	NOUN	 number
Onlookers unable to get into the churchyard found vantage points on nearby walls, roofs and in trees. When the headstone was put in place it contained a line from Robert Louis Stevenson: " For on faith in man and genuine love of man all searching after truth	truth	NOUN	must	AUX	 must
Another variation features a triangular bowl. ჭ (ch ' ari) may be written without the hook at the top, and often with a completely straight vertical line. ჱ (he) may be written without the loop, like a conflation of ს and ჰ.	ჰ.	PROPN	ჯ	PROPN	 ჯ
That was followed by another, La Glaneuse, in 1897, in which year she also had a work accepted by the Royal Academy in London. She exhibited in many other locations: the Royal Institute of Oil Painters and Manchester Art Gallery in England, as well	well	ADV	as	ADP	 as
On 31 August 2007, in an attempt to address criticisms of late releases, Odex began to offer video on demand (VOD) on its relaunched website. Users could legally download and unlock a digital rights management (DRM) -protected anime episode at S $2	2	NUM	for	ADP	 for
The current co chairs of the Task Force are Vice President Joe Biden and Jarrett. The Task Force has been a development out of the White House Council on Women and Girls and Office of the Vice President of the United States, and prior to that, the	the	DET	1994	NUM	 1994
An excerpt from this episode is used in " Bad Wolf ", when Rose recalls where she had encountered the phrase before. Rob Shearman, the writer of the episode, had his first encounter with the revived series of Doctor Who in 2003 after he created the	the	DET	Sixth	PROPN	 Sixth
Caruso would continue in his role for the first four episodes of the second season, and Smits replaced him in a new role in episode 5 in November. Smits originally hoped to sign with the show for three years, while ABC sought a more standard five year	year	NOUN	contract	NOUN	 contract
Rose was a key figure in the writing of the Book of the Law. September 22 / September 23. The Autumnal equinox in the Northern Hemisphere and the Vernal Equinox in the Southern Hemisphere. December 21 / December 22. The Winter solstice in the Northern Hemisphere	Hemisphere	PROPN	and	CCONJ	 and
Conversely, Richard Corliss, writing for Time, gave a mixed review. " The opening cartoon works just fine, but too fine. The opening scene upstages the movie that emerges from it, " he said. Corliss was mainly annoyed by the homages to the	the	DET	Golden	PROPN	 Golden
Brown found " Prophet of the New World " particularly intriguing as it dealt with Riel's religious ideas while reevaluating his alleged diagnosis of mental illness, two topics Brown had especial interest in, as he had previously made " eccentric " adaptations of the Gospel, and	and	CCONJ	comics	NOUN	 comics
He also confessed that he was in love with Neal, and continued to see her. Cooper and his wife were legally separated in May 1951, but he did not seek a divorce. Neal ended their relationship in late December 1951. During his three year separation	separation	NOUN	from	ADP	 from
Mitsuda slept in his studio several nights, and attributed certain songs, such as " To Far Away Times ", to inspiring dreams. He later attributed this song to an idea he was developing before Chrono Trigger, reflecting that the song was made in dedication to	to	ADP	"	PUNCT	 "
Johns wrote much of the album at a baby grand piano; he had previously taught himself the instrument and composed songs on it for the first time with Diorama. This change in songwriting technique had a significant effect on the sound of the album; Johns commented on	on	ADP	the	DET	 the
The text beneath the sword reads: DISCEDITE A ME MALEDICTI IN IGNEM ÆTERNUM QUI PARATUS EST DIABOLO ET ANGELIS EJUS (" Depart from me ye cursed, into everlasting fire, prepared for the devil and his angels "). The inscriptions follow the 14th century convention	convention	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
At time the ship still had not been fitted for radar. After Panzer Army Africa occupied Mersa Matruh in late June, the Admiralty ordered the submarine tenders Medway and the Greek Corinthia transferred to Haifa, but Medway was torpedoed and sunk en route despite the strong escort	escort	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
Vascular malformations in the lungs may cause a number of problems. The lungs normally " filter out " bacteria and blood clots from the bloodstream; AVMs bypass the capillary network of the lungs and allow these to migrate to the brain, where bacteria may cause a brain	brain	NOUN	abscess	NOUN	 abscess
The small toothed sportive lemur is listed under CITES Appendix I, which prohibits international commercial trade. The IUCN originally listed the species as " Lower Risk ", first in 1996 under the sub classification " least concern ", and then in 2000 under the sub classification	classification	NOUN	"	PUNCT	 "
The Bible indicates wine as a symbol of joy while " strong drink " is a euphemism for drunkenness. In the mid 19th century, some Protestant Christians moved from a position of allowing moderate use of alcohol (sometimes called moderationism) to either deciding that not imbibing	imbibing	VERB	was	AUX	 was
The walls were guarded by crossbowmen, and improved firing positions for them were built into the town walls at the start of the 14th century. In 1400 the Welsh prince Owain Glyndŵr rose in rebellion against English rule. Two of Owain's cousins infiltrated and took control	control	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
Valisère is the label for upper segment products, which beginning in 2007 became also available in Germany and was used primarily for luxury lingerie. Since 2014, Triumph International no longer uses the Valisère brand in the European market. Instead, the company focuses on Triumph Essence	Essence	PROPN	in	ADP	 in
It includes numerous tribes who live upstream in Sarawak's interior such as the Kenyah, Kayan, Lun Bawang, Kelabit, Penan, Bisaya, and Berawan tribes. Formerly headhunters, most of them stay in Bario, Ba ' kelalan, Belaga, and near the	the	DET	drainage	NOUN	 drainage
He claimed his first aerial victory over Norway on 24 October 1941. After 23 aerial victories as heavy fighter pilot, he received the German Cross in Gold and was then posted to Jagdgeschwader 5 (JG 5 — 5th Fighter Wing) in September 1942. There he	he	PRON	received	VERB	 received
Millard wanted " Word of God Speak " to contain only piano, avoiding the big production that could assure the song success on the radio, as he felt the simple production would mirror the lyrics. " Word of God Speak " was written by Bart Millard and	and	CCONJ	Pete	PROPN	 Pete
After Lucas acquires the real file from Harry in exchange for team member Ruth Evershed, whom he has kidnapped, Maya is killed while he is trying to escape with her. He delivers the file to the Chinese agents anyway and intends to kill Harry for revenge.	.	PUNCT	During	ADP	 During
Variety magazine writer Rob Nelson called it a well photographed film of " occasionally irreverent wit ", and that Coyle " strikes a near perfect balance between humor and holiness ". Nelson said the film " falters only in its hokey characterization " of the Chenoweth character.	.	PUNCT	Colin	PROPN	 Colin
It is currently used in the treatment of uncomplicated stones located in the kidney and upper ureter, provided the aggregate stone burden (stone size and number) is less than 20 mm (0.8 in) and the anatomy of the involved kidney is normal. For a	a	DET	stone	NOUN	 stone
– I think that generally... an agnostic would be the most correct description of my state of mind ". The " Lady Hope Story ", published in 1915, claimed that Darwin had reverted to Christianity on his sickbed. The claims were repudiated by Darwin's	's	PART	children	NOUN	 children
Remaining nearly stationary, the depression gradually strengthened into a tropical storm by June 20, receiving the name Cosme at that time. Early on June 21, Cosme began to track towards the north and intensify. Around 1200 UTC, Cosme strengthened into a Category 1 hurricane	hurricane	NOUN	on	ADP	 on
Dilios, now back at Sparta, concludes his tale before the Council. Inspired by their King's sacrifice, the Persians will now face a larger Greek army 40,000 strong, led by 10,000 Spartans. After one final speech commemorating the 300, Dilios, now head	head	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
" After Hsu became a two time fugitive, Kerrey remarked, " I thought that I knew him, but obviously I didn ’ t. " One of Hsu's most tenacious supporters was Pennsylvania Governor Ed Rendell, who called Hsu " one of the best 10 people	people	NOUN	I	PRON	 I
He also wore black contact lenses to make Hyde " soulless ". After many debates, the producers decided that Hyde's imminent arrival would be indicated by the flash of a black eye. The eye imagery evolved during filming, and did not appear in the script	script	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
Gargi, the daughter of sage Vachaknu in the lineage of sage Garga (800 500 BCE) was named after her father as Gargi Vachaknavi. From a young age she evinced keen interest in Vedic scriptures and became very proficient in fields of philosophy. She became highly	highly	ADV	knowledgeable	ADJ	 knowledgeable
This ended her streak of 16 consecutive top five singles and 17 consecutive top ten singles. It was present on the Hot 100 for a total of 13 weeks. In Canada, " Oh Father " debuted at number 84 on the RPM Singles Chart on November 11	11	NUM	,	PUNCT	,
The publication resulted from research conducted by Kout for his 2009 work on ecology and taxonomy of polypores, a PhD dissertation conducted under the supervision of Vlasák. The holotype material was collected from Wissahickon Creek Park (Philadelphia) in 2008; the species description is based on	on	ADP	collections	NOUN	 collections
Stephen met the new Duke of Bohemia, Sobeslav — whose wife was Adelhaid — in October 1126. The meeting of the two monarchs ' brought an end to the hostilities between their two countries. Around the same year, Stephen also concluded an agreement with Archbishop Conrad	Conrad	PROPN	I	PRON	 I
Miller considered it one of the greatest games of all time. In 2007, IGN's three editorial offices — United States, United Kingdom, and Australia — compiled a list of top 100 games. They listed Mega Man 2 as number 67, citing the action	action	NOUN	and	CCONJ	 and
When Raziel begins to criticize him, Kain simply launches a tirade against him before noting what has become of the empire and engaging him in combat. Kain quickly overpowers Raziel and attempts to strike him down with the Soul Reaver, a powerful sword that absorbs its victims	victims	NOUN	'	PART	 '
Tipton believed it to be a real surrender gesture, and made himself visible, beckoning to the German soldiers to come towards him. He was immediately killed by machine gun fire coming from within the house. I remember the experience as I do a nightmare. A	A	DET	demon	NOUN	 demon
In another episode, he criticizes The Today Show cohost Matt Lauer for saying that it's unacceptable for men to cry, only to sob hysterically upon learning that Katie Couric has left the show. These status shifts occur commonly, and constitute a central component of the	the	DET	show	NOUN	 show
The ATV game show The Golden Shot, presented by Bob Monkhouse, adopted Captain Scarlet as the theme for its 1967 Christmas special. Broadcast live on 23 December, the programme featured guest appearances from Francis Matthews and " The Spectrum ", who performed their latest single	single	ADJ	,	PUNCT	,
Air masses cover many hundreds or thousands of square miles, and adapt to the characteristics of the surface below them. They are classified according to latitude and their continental or maritime source regions. Colder air masses are termed polar or arctic, while warmer air masses are	are	AUX	deemed	VERB	 deemed
By 1550, the population of metropolitan Kraków was 18,000; although it went down to 15,000 in the next fifty years due to calamity. By the early 17th century the Kraków population had reached 28,000 inhabitants. In the historical 1931 census preceding World War II, 78.1	78.1	NUM	%	NOUN	%
So if there was a door on screen, the door routine was called up to handle it. The consequence was that every door looked the same and acted the same, so if a door was somewhat different from the last one, it caused a problem.	.	PUNCT	This	PRON	 This
A major concern with the second act was the effectiveness of the characters He and She (later called by Rodgers " Mr. and Mrs. God "), before whom Billy appeared after his death. Mr. and Mrs. God were depicted as a New England minister and his	his	PRON	wife	NOUN	 wife
Like its predecessors, WarioWare: Smooth Moves is built around a collection of microgames that last about five seconds each, and which require that the player hold the Wii Remote in specific positions. The game offers the microgames to the player in rapid succession, by first	first	ADV	instructing	VERB	 instructing
In Germany, the six sonatas op. 65 of Felix Mendelssohn (published 1845) marked the beginning of a renewed interest in composing for the organ. Inspired by the newly built Cavaillé Coll organs, the French organist composers César Franck, Alexandre Guilmant and Charles Marie	Marie	PROPN	Widor	PROPN	 Widor
Ray Park portrays Darth Maul, a Zabrak warrior and Darth Sidious ' Sith apprentice who uses a double bladed lightsaber, while Peter Serafinowicz provides Maul's voice. Keira Knightley plays Sabé, one of Queen Amidala's handmaidens who serves as her decoy throughout the majority of	of	ADP	the	DET	 the
During preseason training in January 2011 McCaw injured his foot, subsequent x rays revealed that he had received a stress fracture in the fifth metatarsal of his right foot. It was determined his best chance of recovery was to undergo an operation where a pin was inserted.	.	PUNCT	As	ADP	 As
The Vishnu Purana disagrees stating that one who eats before offering food to the gods, the ancestors or guests is brought to this hell. Sarameyadana (hell of the sons of Sarama): Plunderers who burn houses and poison people for wealth, and kings and other government	government	NOUN	officials	NOUN	 officials
Because of monsoon weather in the northern provinces of South Vietnam and a general curfew imposed by South Vietnam on most sampan traffic, routine boardings by Squadron One vessels during February were far below normal. However, requests for naval gunfire support by land based U.S. Army and	and	CCONJ	U.S.	PROPN	 U.S.
An individual's real voice could also be broadcast if the news item in question did not directly relate to their political beliefs or paramilitary activities. Similarly, anyone subject to the restrictions who was an eyewitness to an event or incident could be heard. In February 1992	1992	NUM	,	PUNCT	,
As missionary to the Germanic peoples of Europe and legate of the papal see, Boniface spent much of his later life in Continental Europe, where he encountered many canonical traditions that were unfamiliar to the Anglo Saxons and that appeared to Boniface out of step with his knowledge	knowledge	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
The album opens with " Roar ", a midtempo synth driven power pop track. Musically, it contains elements of arena rock and glam rock, while lyrically it is an empowerment anthem. Comparisons were established between " Roar " and " Brave " by Sara Bareilles	Bareilles	PROPN	.	PUNCT	.
Starring alongside quarterback Otto Graham, fullback Marion Motley, placekicker Lou Groza and fellow receiver Mac Speedie, Lavelli was an integral part of a Browns team that won seven championships during his 11 season career. Lavelli was known for his sure hands and improvisations on the field	field	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
Its success has inspired similar projects in more than 40 countries around the world, including a World Bank initiative to finance Grameen type schemes. The bank has gained its funding from different sources, and the main contributors have shifted over time. In the initial years,	,	PUNCT	donor	NOUN	 donor
Though the element is of medium abundance, natural compounds of cobalt are numerous. Small amounts of cobalt compounds are found in most rocks, soil, plants, and animals. In nature, cobalt is frequently associated with nickel, and both are characteristic components of meteoric	meteoric	ADJ	iron	NOUN	 iron
The primary risk factor for COPD globally is tobacco smoking. Of those who smoke about 20% will get COPD, and of those who are lifelong smokers about half will get COPD. In the United States and United Kingdom, of those with COPD, 80 –	–	PUNCT	95	NUM	 95
The game is set in the Alien universe and takes place after the events of the third film in the franchise, Alien 3 (1992). The game is the second Alien title that Sega has produced: the first being Aliens Infestation in 2011. The game	game	NOUN	was	AUX	 was
Mechanisms suggested for egg discrimination in worker policing include queen hydrocarbons, fertile worker hydrocarbons, and nestmate recognition. A study on the carpenter ant Camponotus floridanus found a special surface hydrocarbon on queen laid eggs. Workers in the colony with the queen's eggs refrained from egg	egg	NOUN	laying	NOUN	 laying
During this time many of the elements of the rules were incorporated into the association game. Regular games were played between Sheffield and London using both sets of rules. This led to an agreement on a single set of laws administered by the Football Association in 1877.	.	PUNCT	The	DET	 The
Jennings studied law in Washington, Pennsylvania. By 1806 Jennings had left Pennsylvania and moved to Steubenville, Ohio, where his brother, Obadiah, had a law office. Jennings helped Obadiah in cases before the Ohio Supreme Court. In 1806 Jennings headed west to Jeffersonville	Jeffersonville	PROPN	in	ADP	 in
Following the 2004 Senate elections, she successfully pushed new Democratic Senate leader Harry Reid to create a Senate war room to handle daily political messaging. In November 2004, Clinton announced that she would seek a second Senate term. Clinton easily won the Democratic nomination over opposition	opposition	NOUN	from	ADP	 from
These molecules have been applied to studies in several model organisms, including mice, zebrafish, frogs, and sea urchins. Morpholinos are in development as pharmaceutical therapeutics targeted against pathogenic organisms such as bacteria or viruses and for amelioration of genetic diseases. These synthetic oligos were	were	AUX	conceived	VERB	 conceived
Although the eye briefly disappeared, slight intensification was anticipated. The hurricane was curved north by an upper level trough. Winifred peaked in intensity as a major hurricane (Category 3 or higher on the Saffir Simpson Scale). At this time, Winifred, had central	central	ADJ	pressure	NOUN	 pressure
Lewis ' vocal range spans over two octaves from low note of A3 to the high note of Eb6. The song's opening lyrics are " The flowers are faded now, along with your letters. " Chad Grischow for IGN and Sarah Rodman for The Boston Globe	Globe	PROPN	compared	VERB	 compared
He dismissed his " double 6 ed " remark, an expression of joy at the threats of lawsuits, as having been made " two months ago ", but it was revealed that they had been made only three weeks earlier. A Sunday Times article condemned these	these	DET	online	ADJ	 online
Whitney sets up Vincent and Valerie as a couple without knowing they are in fact the same person. From 2006 to 2007, Vincent adopts the disguise of the " Blackmailer " to rape, murder, and blackmail several of the show's characters. Alistair (who	who	PRON	was	AUX	 was
Only " tiny amounts of the most dangerous forms of volatile radiation escaped to the atmosphere ". It took 11 years to clean up TMI 2 and this cost about US $1 billion. Walker suggests that the TMI accident incited widespread criticism of nuclear power technology,	,	PUNCT	the	DET	 the
The seventh named storm of the 2015 Pacific typhoon season, Dolphin formed on May 6 in the vicinity of the Federated States of Micronesia (FSM). Moving eastward at first, the storm slowly organized before beginning a north and west northwest trajectory. Dolphin intensified into	into	ADP	a	DET	 a
Kim Thompson described the book as " the biggest ' if ' in comics ' history: What if it had been a success? " Thompson speculated on what Kurtzman may have been capable of if he had not had to resort to teaching, illustration, and Little	Little	PROPN	Annie	PROPN	 Annie
This idea of a superficial contrast between characters ' individual linguistic style, tone and sphere of interest, leading to an understanding of the deeper unity between the ancient and modern, is a recurring theme in The Hobbit. Smaug is the main antagonist. In many ways	ways	NOUN	the	DET	 the
In total he represented his country ten times, scoring one goal. Born in Livingston, West Lothian, Paul started playing football around the age of nine years playing for his local under 11 team Livingston United. Paul continued to play for Livingston United each year and	and	CCONJ	when	SCONJ	 when
This left the local British forces with no alternative but to wait for the Americans to make the first move and try to counter any attempt at invasion. The regular troops were distributed among the defensive outposts and supplemented with militia and Native American forces. In a floridly	floridly	ADV	worded	VERB	 worded
His last film appearance of 2014 was alongside Emraan Hashmi and Kangana Ranaut in Karan Johar's film Ungli, which was a commercial failure. In 2015, Hooda starred in Prawaal Raman's, Main Aur Charles, which is based on the life of Charles Sobhraj and	and	CCONJ	the	DET	 the
The $11 million renovation opened in 2006, and it received the Achievement of Excellence in Libraries Award in that year and again in 2009. Lewisville was also the temporary home of the George W. Bush Presidential Library until 2013. Lewisville is served mainly by media from	from	ADP	the	DET	 the
Himmler also intended to replace all female civilian employees in his service with SS Helferinnen members, as they were selected and trained according to NSDAP ideology. The school was closed on 22 November 1944 due to the Allied advance. The SS Mannschaften (Auxiliary SS) were	were	AUX	not	PART	 not
The Oklo natural nuclear fission reactor contains evidence that significant amounts of technetium 99 were produced and have since decayed into ruthenium 99. Technetium is a silvery gray radioactive metal with an appearance similar to platinum, commonly obtained as a gray powder. The crystal structure of the	the	DET	pure	ADJ	 pure
One of the predominant matches on the card was Shawn Michaels versus Kane in a No Disqualification match, which Michaels won after performing Sweet Chin Music. Another primary match on the undercard was Chris Jericho versus Christian in a Ladder match for the vacant WWE Intercontinental Championship,	,	PUNCT	which	PRON	 which
In practice the rate of cut is slightly less than the ideal rate so that the load is released on the non cutting edge of the tool. There is some spiraling of the tool as it cuts, so the form at the bottom of the workpiece may be	be	AUX	rotated	VERB	 rotated
The 1960s saw major changes in administration as well as in the student body. Female students have been admitted to the School of Medicine since 1880, to the School of Nursing since its founding, to the Graduate School since 1943, and to the School of Foreign	Foreign	PROPN	Service	PROPN	 Service
Central to feminist economics is a different approach to the " family " and " household. " In classical economics, those units are typically described as amicable and homogeneous. Gary Becker and new home economists introduced the study of " the family " to traditional economics,	,	PUNCT	which	PRON	 which
After Divins leaves the shot, McHale asks: " so your character sleeps with transsexuals? " in reference to the reveal that Vincent was intersex. Following DirecTV's decision to not renew the show, Passions partnered with Premiere Props to hold a public two day estate	estate	NOUN	sale	NOUN	 sale
The sprite designs themselves are based on the characters ' appearances from the 1990s animated X Men television series, complete with the original voice actors. The Street Fighter character sprites are reused from Street Fighter Alpha 2. Similar to his secret guest appearance in Children of the	the	DET	Atom	PROPN	 Atom
Byne and Steilberg judged certain walls and utility buildings worthless and left them in Spain. Steilberg returned home at the end of March. Byne rushed the project in fear that it might be halted at any time by the authorities — Spanish law prohibited the removal of historic	historic	ADJ	artifacts	NOUN	 artifacts
Company founder Charlie Watkins recalls it was the largest PA he had assembled to that point and, unable to provide enough gear himself, he was forced to borrow extras from other groups, later saying, " I didn't have many columns, but I wanted to	to	PART	put	VERB	 put
After completion of the turnpike in April – May 1858, the Cape May Turnpike did not receive much profits. Even with tolls being collected and stock being bought, these could not offset the costs of repairs and maintenance. The roadbed was commonly washed away in storms	storms	NOUN	and	CCONJ	 and
In summer 1880, younger brothers Morgan arrived from Montana and Warren Earp moved to Tombstone as well. In September, Wyatt's friend Doc Holliday arrived from Prescott with $40,000 in gambling winnings in his pocket. On July 25, 1880, U.S. Army Captain Joseph	Joseph	PROPN	H.	PROPN	 H.
Restrictions on commercial signs, exterior paint colors, roofing materials, recreational vehicle and boat storage, and landscaping specifications are all strictly enforced; consequently, real estate values in the city are significantly higher than the county as a whole. In 2006, the median price	price	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
It went back into turnaround. Mechanic had also wanted to make some changes to the script, but Soderbergh disagreed and decided to shop the film to other major studios. They all turned him down because they were not confident in the prospects of a three hour film	film	NOUN	about	ADP	 about
In the women's 50 metres backstroke heats, she posted a time of 57.92 seconds, taking two seconds off her own world record. She then swam the women's 50 metres backstroke finals in a time of 58.75 seconds to win the gold medal. After she	she	PRON	returned	VERB	 returned
He said of his assignment, “ I was not mad about doing the film because Hammer wanted masses of electronic material and a great deal of orchestral music. But I had three kids, all of which were at fee paying schools, so I needed every penny	penny	NOUN	I	PRON	 I
As he did not expect TFX to be available before 1970, however, Hancock recommended buying 36 A 5 aircraft for A £88 million to counteract the perceived imminent threat from Indonesia. The Menzies government was reluctant to choose as interim replacement the A 5 or the	the	DET	F	PROPN	 F
In common with Canterbury, Lincoln and Salisbury cathedrals, it has the distinctly English arrangement of two transepts, with the body of the church divided into distinct parts: nave, choir, and retro choir, beyond which extends the Lady Chapel. The façade is wide	wide	ADJ	,	PUNCT	,
Naughty Dog won Studio of the Year and Best Developer from The Daily Telegraph, Edge, the Golden Joystick Awards, Hardcore Gamer, and the 2013 Spike VGX. Baker and Johnson received multiple nominations for their performances as Joel and Ellie, respectively; Baker won awards	awards	NOUN	from	ADP	 from
He impresses her by easily brushing off her assault, and tells her that he hunts demons in pursuit of those who killed his mother and brother. She says the attack was a test, and that the demon emperor Mundus, whom Dante holds responsible for the deaths	deaths	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
CBS also named him the second best point guard (behind Isaiah Canaan). Pressey was both a preseason John R. Wooden Award top 50 selection and a preseason Naismith Award top 50 selection in 2012. Pressey was the preseason SEC player of the year selection by the	the	DET	SEC	PROPN	 SEC
" In conjunction with overseeing the directing process, Soderbergh functioned as a cinematographer for Contagion. The film was wholly shot using Red Digital Cinema Camera Company's RED One MX digital camera, which uses ambient light and has a 4.5 K image resolution. Since he hoped	hoped	VERB	for	SCONJ	 for
Supporters of the historic site in Elizabeth, led by the Apple River Fort Foundation, appealed in protest to legislators and the governor against the closing, lamenting the economic impact the fort's closing will have on the community. After delay, the proposal to close seven	seven	NUM	state	NOUN	 state
Merely imitating others is not enough, even if one imitates the " correct " actions and thoughts. Reason, for Wollstonecraft, is what controls the emotions; without reason, she contends, people would fail to understand their own feelings. Moreover, reason allows for	for	ADP	the	DET	 the
Mardonius had been injured in the prior campaign and had fallen out of favor. The expedition was intended to bring the Cyclades into the Persian empire, to punish Naxos (which had resisted a Persian assault in 499 BC) and then to head to Greece to force	force	VERB	Eretria	PROPN	 Eretria
They compete annually against England, Ireland, Italy, Scotland and Wales in the Six Nations Championship. They have won the championship outright sixteen times, shared it a further eight times, and have completed nine grand slams. Eight former French players have been inducted into	into	ADP	the	DET	 the
The line was taken from the song " Death Disco " (1979), by the British musical group Public Image Ltd. According to the sheet music published at Musicnotes.com, by Alfred Publishing, the song is set in the time signature of common time, with a	a	DET	medium	ADJ	 medium
On 28 June 2012, along with Mathieu Baudry, completed a free transfer to fellow League One club Leyton Orient on a two year deal after being released by Bournemouth. On 14 August, he made his debut in the first round of the League Cup away to	to	ADP	Charlton	PROPN	 Charlton
In October 1963, the collapse of a nearby dam flooded an iron mine in the municipality of Lengede, killing 29 miners and trapping 21 others underground. Lacking the means to drill an escape shaft, the authorities were forced to requisition a heavy duty bore from Bremen	Bremen	PROPN	;	PUNCT	;
Pure has, as of 5 September 2012, been listed twelve times; with the first seven being in position 1. NPR listed it as one of their " Critics ' Lists " for summer 2012 in the " Rich Reads: Historical Fiction Fit For A Queen	Queen	PROPN	"	PUNCT	 "
Eventually ending up in New York City, the brothers work at menial jobs while attempting to revive their musical careers. At a nightclub where Cesar briefly crashes the act of mambo star Tito Puente, they make new friends and connections, as well as meeting cigarette girl	girl	NOUN	Lanna	PROPN	 Lanna
Children actors with an ingenuous talent, and dialogs that fit together perfectly and sound natural, a splendid picture, a big hearted pimp played by Andi Vasluianu, all in one a portion of highest quality cinematography. The Romanian premiere took place on June 4, 2006	2006	NUM	at	ADP	 at
A shorter hike involves parking at Lake Rose, near the junction of Ganoga Glen and the Highland Trail. Ricketts Glen State Park was named part of an Important Mammal Area because it " support [s] critical habitat for a wide range of mammals "; Pennsylvania	Pennsylvania	PROPN	has	VERB	 has
Seven practice sessions were held before the race. The first two on February 12 ran 120 minutes and 105 minutes each. The next two on February 16 were for shortened 90 minutes and 55 minutes long after rain delays. Two days later, two more practice sessions	sessions	NOUN	were	AUX	 were
International Speedway Corporation (ISC) was founded as Bill France Racing, Inc. (later Daytona International Speedway Corporation) in 1953 and in 1957 the company signed a contract for the use of land on which to build Daytona International Speedway, one of the world's first	first	ADJ	superspeedways	NOUN	 superspeedways
At the same time, Alpha was overrun by Viet Minh forces, and by 03: 50 no more firing was heard from the Mousetrap. Alpha survived the remainder of the night and was seen fighting by French aircraft at 09: 00 that morning. C 47	47	NUM	transport	NOUN	 transport
The Iroquois sold their territorial claims to the colonies as part of the treaty. The company created to hold that claim was named the Indiana Land Company, the first recorded use of the word Indiana. The claim was disputed by the colony of Virginia, which did	did	AUX	not	PART	 not
The National Antarctic Expedition, known as the Discovery Expedition after the ship Discovery, was the brainchild of Sir Clements Markham, president of the Royal Geographical Society, and had been many years in preparation. It was led by Robert Falcon Scott, a Royal Navy torpedo	torpedo	NOUN	lieutenant	NOUN	 lieutenant
The age of American paddlefish is best determined by dentary studies, a process which usually occurs on fish harvested during snagging season, a popular sport fishing activity in certain parts of the U.S. The dentary is removed from the lower jawbone, cleaned of any remaining soft tissue	tissue	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
David Babsky described the ZX81 as " a wonderfully brainy little micro which won't let you waste your time and make a fool of yourself ". In a comparison between the ZX81 and IBM PC published in Which Micro?, he commended the ZX81's user friendliness	friendliness	NOUN	and	CCONJ	 and
Many of the songs incorporate heavy instrumentation, such as guitar, cello, percussion, bass, and piano. The album is mainly composed of cover versions of Christmas carols and contemporary holiday classics, while two original numbers are included. " Joy to the World "	"	PUNCT	,	PUNCT	,
By that time, he was discovered by Junimea, and began collaborating with Convorbiri Literare, a magazine led by Simion Mehedinţi. After 1903, Cerna contributed to Sămănătorul, and his poems also appeared sporadically in other publications, including Floare Albastră and Revista Modernă. Despite	Despite	SCONJ	ongoing	ADJ	 ongoing
Along with the three East Bosnian Shock Battalions, the Partisan General Staff of Bosnia Herzegovina first attempted to cross the Bosna to follow the Partisan Supreme Headquarters and main force to western Bosnia, but instead retreated to Birač, where they joined forces with the Birač Detachment at	at	ADP	the	DET	 the
Al • Ith is repulsed by the idea of consorting with a barbarian, and Ben Ata does not want a righteous queen disturbing his military campaigns. Nevertheless, Al • Ith descends to Zone Four and they reluctantly marry. Ben Ata is not used to the company	company	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
1831 – December 15, 1890) was a Hunkpapa Lakota holy man who led his people during years of resistance to United States government policies. He was killed by Indian agency police on the Standing Rock Indian Reservation during an attempt to arrest him, at a time	time	NOUN	when	SCONJ	 when
The album's first sample is " Here we come... " from The Monkees ' theme. It progresses into a cryptic and bleak spoken verse from Drummond: " Here we come, crawling out of the mud, from chaos primeval to the burned out sun,	,	PUNCT	dragging	VERB	 dragging
The album's third single, " Next Thing Smokin ' ", made its chart debut one month before " Not Too Much to Ask ", a duet that Diffie recorded with Mary Chapin Carpenter for her album Come On Come On. Both of these songs made	made	VERB	the	DET	 the
The game placed 13th in Official Nintendo Magazine's 100 greatest Nintendo games of all time. Guinness World Records ranked it at number 1 on a list of the top 50 console games of all time based on initial impact and lasting legacy. Super Mario Kart has been	been	AUX	credited	VERB	 credited
It was found to be the most common Armillaria species in hardwood and mixed oak forests in western Massachusetts. A Chinese study published in 2001 used the molecular biological technique restriction fragment length polymorphism to analyze the differences in DNA sequence between 23 A. gallica specimens collected from the	the	DET	Northern	PROPN	 Northern
The English ambassador reported a few days later that " the house of Guise ruleth and doth all about the French king ". For the moment, Catherine worked with the Guises out of necessity. She was not strictly entitled to a role in Francis's government,	,	PUNCT	because	SCONJ	 because
Weinberg says of his comic persona: " [I] t's playing against type. I've been happily married for nearly 30 years, with two wonderful children. It's not what I portray on the show, and that's funny. " Weinberg continued	continued	VERB	his	PRON	 his
The large group of non citizens have been identified as a majority Muslims and there is some Christian Filipinos women who converted to Islam to marry Muslim Filipinos here. Like in Kota Kinabalu, the first wave of these immigrants arrived in the late 15th century during the Spanish	Spanish	ADJ	colonisation	NOUN	 colonisation
Soon afterwards he captured the fortress of Korsun. In an effort to restore the situation, Koniecpolski laid siege to Pereyaslav. Lacking artillery and infantry support, he could not breach its walls, but the Cossacks, needing supplies and having suffered heavy casualties, agreed to	to	PART	negotiate	VERB	 negotiate
Most of the watershed receives an average of 8 to 10 inches (200 to 250 mm) of precipitation each year. However, the westernmost portions of the basin in the Rockies as well as southeastern regions in Missouri may receive as much as 40 inches (1,000	1,000	NUM	mm	NUM	 mm
Eventually, Dixon succeeded in bringing his ship alongside the Spanish frigate and opened a heavy fire, to which Gerraro replied with his own broadside. The larger and more powerful British ship was able to rapidly inflict severe damage to the Santa Dorotea, and within minutes the	the	DET	mizenmast	NOUN	 mizenmast
In 1881, the province of Manitoba expanded to its present boundaries and land could be purchased for $10 an acre. U.S. President Lincoln's Homestead Act was passed in 1862 and lands there were taken. In 1872, Canada passed the Dominion Lands Act, attracting	attracting	VERB	homesteaders	NOUN	 homesteaders
In February 1827, Joaquim Inácio was transferred to the crew of the corvette Duquesa de Goiás, in which he was to take part in the invasion of Carmen de Patagones, a village in the northeast of the United Provinces that served as a port for corsairs.	.	PUNCT	The	DET	 The
An unofficial Wii Sports tennis tournament titled " Wiimbledon " was held in the Brooklyn, New York bar Barcade on June 23, 2007. It featured 128 competitors, many of whom were dressed in costumes. Wii Sports has been featured on television multiple times. The	The	DET	game	NOUN	 game
It appears, though, that the Burney Relief was the product of such a tradition, not its source, since its composition is unique. The frontal presentation of the deity is appropriate for a plaque of worship, since it is not just a " pictorial reference	reference	NOUN	to	ADP	 to
Our present subject is so soon attacked by insects that it is very rare to find specimens devoid of wriggling life, and being a very common and abundant kind, it must be of great service in the economy of insect existence. Several fly species have been recorded	recorded	VERB	feeding	VERB	 feeding
On May 19, 1905, after 16 games, Padden was released by the Browns, and his major league career came to an end. Padden was the player manager for the minor league team St. Paul Saints of the American Association for the 1906 season. He	He	PRON	had	VERB	 had
Although NBC repeatedly contacted the actress about the character of Eve Russell over several months before her agent convinced her to audition for the role, she described Passions as " my kind of show " because of the supernatural and fantasy elements in the first week's scripts.	.	PUNCT	According	VERB	 According
Ambient corrections are difficult to achieve with this system and are not usually done. Consequently, it is not as accurate as a conventional precision thermometer. Rather, it is typically used for low cost applications such as private houses. The main issue with accuracy is that	that	SCONJ	if	SCONJ	 if
A further section of the pier collapsed in 2016. The pier can be seen in several films, including Oh! What a Lovely War (1968) and Carry On Girls (1973) which was filmed on the pier and in locations nearby in Brighton. It	It	PRON	was	AUX	 was
The two buildings have similar proportions, pilasters and gables and together constitute an important example of town planning. Before the advent of high rise buildings, the 150 foot spire used to " serve as a guide for mariners coming up Port Jackson ". St James '	'	PUNCT	originally	ADV	 originally
The headstone of Sideways the dog is located near Tech Tower's rear entrance, as is an informational placard detailing Tech Tower's early history, donated by the Class of 1932. A staircase donated by the ANAK Society in 1921 connects Tech Tower to the adjacent D.	D.	PROPN	P.	PROPN	 P.
And I said, ' I totally respect that. I'm obviously not gonna get into any domestic anything. That's your wife. ' But the record was ' My Love. ' And it ended up being an interesting blessing in disguise because I think	think	VERB	Tip	PROPN	 Tip
It was a very tricky situation in the sense that we were trying to recreate something, but honor the spirit and concept (of the original), while telling a different story. " On March 21, 2016, Deadline.com announced that LD Entertainment has greenlit a	a	PRON	"	PUNCT	 "
Of the final Giants Stadium stand, the New York Daily News said that " Wrecking Ball " was " a rousing declaration of defiance in the face of destruction, " and overall said that " Once again, this proved [Springsteen] to be one of the	the	DET	few	ADJ	 few
American soul singer Frankie Beverly is also credited as having written " Hustler's Ambition ", as a sample of his song " I Need You " – a collaboration with funk group Maze from their 1978 album Golden Time of Day – is included in the song's	's	PART	introduction	NOUN	 introduction
The tanker was towed in by the destroyers Ledbury and Penn lashed on either side, with the minesweeper HMS Rye acting as a stabilizer at the stern. More air attacks disrupted the towing formation, until it was re established with Bramham replacing Ledbury for the remainder of	of	ADP	the	DET	 the
DNA damages that are naturally occurring, due to normal cellular processes that produce reactive oxygen species, the hydrolytic activities of cellular water, etc., also occur frequently. Although most of these damages are repaired, in any cell some DNA damage may remain despite the	the	DET	action	NOUN	 action
Three federal highways pass through Grand Forks: U.S. Route 2, Interstate 29, and U.S. Highway 81. U.S. Highway 2, known as Gateway Drive in the city, runs east to west through the northern part of town and is a four lane highway. The	The	DET	highway	NOUN	 highway
The first phase of construction was completed in asphalt, while the second and third phases were built in concrete. The project was built with two firsts: the first single point urban interchange (SPUI; / ˈspuːiː /) in Michigan, and a new technique to	to	PART	apply	VERB	 apply
" When I started, I thought that the ' locative art ' stuff would work the way immersion technology did in my earlier fiction ", he commented in a subsequent interview. " Then I started liking that it wasn ’ t going to do that. "	"	PUNCT	The	DET	 The
The box set's release was confirmed on Wainwright's official site on March 21, 2011. Only 3,000 copies were produced for worldwide distribution. Box sets were sold for £150 in the United Kingdom, €170 throughout Europe, and were available as imports in	in	ADP	the	DET	 the
" He explained that from Vs. onwards the band tried to take different approaches to packaging its records. Ament said, " We tried really hard, to make it like a book, kind of tipped it so it opened horizontally, which pissed off record stores	stores	NOUN	:	PUNCT	:
In 1964 the song " My Kind of Town " was nominated for the Academy Award for Best Original Song. Sinatra released Softly, as I Leave You, and collaborated with Bing Crosby and Fred Waring on America, I Hear You Singing, a collection of patriotic	patriotic	ADJ	songs	NOUN	 songs
The state constitution gives the governor the power to either sign into law or veto bills passed by the state legislature, to serve as commander in chief of the South Dakota National Guard, to appoint a cabinet, and to commute criminal sentences or to pardon those convicted	convicted	VERB	of	ADP	 of
After impressing in a reserve match, Hirst was signed by the club. However, Brown and Reason were not offered contracts. An eighty sixth minute equaliser from McBreen gave York a 1 – 1 draw at home to Salisbury City, which maintained the team's unbeaten	unbeaten	ADJ	record	NOUN	 record
Alvarado entered Malacatán unopposed to find it occupied only by the sick and the elderly. Messengers from the community's leaders arrived from the hills and offered their unconditional surrender, which was accepted by Alvarado. The Spanish army rested for a few days, then continued onwards	onwards	ADV	to	ADP	 to
On the week of 14 October 2013, " Saturday Night " dropped to number 30. It reentered at number 33 on the week of 11 November 2013. The song entered the US Billboard Hot Dance Club Songs at number 42, moving to numbers 37 and 24	24	NUM	in	ADP	 in
The British ships initially had poor visibility and Marlborough could only faintly make out a group of German Kaiser class battleships at 18: 17. In the span of four minutes, she fired seven salvos, first at 10,000 yards (9,100 m) and then at 13,000	13,000	NUM	yards	NOUN	 yards
It was made available for digital download on February 23, 2010, in Canada and the United States. A release date of February 23, 2010, for the album was slated, and then pushed back to March 9. It was then further pushed back to	to	ADP	March	PROPN	 March
Therefore, to rebut this presumption it is necessary for the person challenging the law to adduce some material or factual evidence to show that it was enacted arbitrarily or had operated arbitrarily. The second stage of the rational nexus test looks at whether the basis for differentiation is	is	AUX	founded	VERB	 founded
World Bowl XI was held at Hampden in 2003, but after the 2004 season the Claymores folded and were replaced by the Hamburg Sea Devils. Hampden was the home of the Glasgow Tigers speedway team from 1969 until 1972. Poor crowds, escalating costs and the refusal	refusal	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
Schwartz had played on Shaughnessy's Loyola freshman team before he transferred to Notre Dame. In February, Shaughnessy declined interest from Ohio State to replace former head coach Sam Willaman, and said that he had already assembled his coaching staff and had no desire to leave Chicago	Chicago	PROPN	.	PUNCT	.
A major fleet exercise took place in the North Sea in May, and in July the I Squadron and the I Scouting Group visited Britain, stopping at Plymouth on 10 July. The German fleet departed on 13 July, bound for the Netherlands; the I Squadron	Squadron	PROPN	anchored	VERB	 anchored
" Screeching Weasel released Ramones (1992), which consisted of the band performing the entire album track list. 1998's Blitzkrieg Over You!: A Tribute to the Ramones featured a cover " Judy Is a Punk " in German, and in 2000, both	both	DET	"	PUNCT	 "
On April 30, 2009, López allowed five runs in 1 ⁄ 3 inning and played the remainder of the eighth inning in right field after Francona switched him with right fielder Jonathan Van Every. This game, a 13 – 0 loss to the Rays, was	was	AUX	the	DET	 the
Retitled " My Brain Is Hanging Upside Down (Bonzo Goes to Bitburg) ", the song appeared on the band's ninth studio album, Animal Boy (1986). Produced by Jean Beauvoir, formerly a member of the Plasmatics, the album was characterized by	by	ADP	a	DET	 a
Some commentators had advocated including an amnesty as the price for peace; Goldstone was resolutely opposed to this, not only because it would enable those responsible for atrocities to escape justice but also because of the dangerous precedent it could set, where powerful actors such as the	the	DET	United	PROPN	 United
While doing so, he accidentally knocks down a stone gargoyle and Belle, the owner of the house, goes to Homer and says she will not press charges but demands he be punished. Homer originally dismisses this, but Belle threatens to come back and speak with	with	ADP	Marge	PROPN	 Marge
Seymour was particularly critical of Cochrane's coverage of feminism, which was, for him, " an unfortunate lapse in an otherwise fascinating review ". Seymour argued that Cochrane's critique was superficial or " [missed] the point entirely ". Instead, he suggested	suggested	VERB	,	PUNCT	,
During the Roman Empire, the Ionian Islands were variously part of the provinces of Achaea and Epirus vetus. These would form, with the exception of Cythera, the Byzantine theme of Cephallenia in the late 8th century. From the late 11th century, the Ionian Islands	Islands	PROPN	became	VERB	 became
Galileo praised Archimedes many times, and referred to him as a " superhuman ". Leibniz said " He who understands Archimedes and Apollonius will admire less the achievements of the foremost men of later times. " There is a crater on the Moon named Archimedes (29.7	29.7	NUM	°	NUM	°
Gwendoline sailed up to the canal, which unfortunately was unusable because the gates of the lock had been dynamited due to a Kootenay flood. Armstrong was forced to portage the vessel and eventually made it to Golden. Gwendoline eventually sailed back south to Jennings to haul iron	iron	NOUN	ore	NOUN	 ore
It seems pairs are formed in the non breeding flocks, but it is not known how pairs are formed, or if the pair bond is for life. Once ready to breed, newly mated pairs look for a suitable nesting site, spending mornings searching, and	and	CCONJ	returning	VERB	 returning
M 54 intersects Hill and Saginaw roads in the unincorporated community of Whigville as the trunkline passes out of the industrial area surrounding the plant. North of the Maple Road intersection, Dort Highway crosses into Burton, and the suburban residential neighborhoods give way to commercial properties along	along	ADP	the	DET	 the
That same year, baseball fans named him to the Major League Baseball All Century Team. Young's career started in 1890 with the Cleveland Spiders. After eight years with the Spiders, Young was moved to St. Louis in 1899. After two years there, Young	Young	PROPN	jumped	VERB	 jumped
According to Robert Gardiner in Conway's All the World's Fighting Ships 1860 – 1905, Imperator Aleksandr II was reconstructed in France between 1902 and 1904, with her torpedo tubes removed and her six and nine inch guns exchanged for five 8 inch (200 mm)	)	PUNCT	45	NUM	 45
Mayor Quimby decides to take action by forming a Blue Ribbon Committee. At the Simpsons ' house, someone steals Lisa's Malibu Stacy collection. Homer decides to take action by looking for it. He finds the culprit, Jimbo Jones, and later foils a robbery	robbery	NOUN	by	ADP	 by
The lyrics of the song are a homage to the protagonist's partner, who changed her life. The song received negative response from critics, with some calling it " sappy " and " unnecessary ". " What's It Gon na Be " is a bubblegum	bubblegum	NOUN	pop	NOUN	 pop
Despite its modernization and rapid growth, it retains its pre modern feel with its narrow winding streets, high walls, old town hall and gatehouse, and several inns and houses dated to the 16th century. Llantwit Major railway station on the Vale of Glamorgan Line was	was	AUX	reopened	VERB	 reopened
Characters such as Dr. Nefarious and Sasha, a Cazar starship captain who helps Ratchet throughout the game, are introduced, and a number of characters return from the original Ratchet & Clank. Up Your Arsenal is the first in the series to offer online multiplayer as well	well	ADV	as	ADP	 as
By 1902 to 1910, there was a network of railroads in the watershed. Logging was a large industry in the watershed of Hammersley Fork in the early 1900s, but there have been almost no industrial activities in the area since then. An old railroad grade is	is	AUX	located	VERB	 located
Goddard almost won the role, but controversy over her marriage with Charlie Chaplin caused Selznick to change his mind. Selznick had been quietly considering Vivien Leigh, a young English actress who was still little known in America, for the role of Scarlett since February 1938 when	when	SCONJ	Selznick	PROPN	 Selznick
An eight man section under Lance Corporal F. W. Squires was sent to reconnoitre the wadi but attacked a battery position instead and returned with 500 prisoners. The wadi was found to contain large numbers of Italian soldiers from technical units who, untrained for combat, surrendered in	in	ADP	large	ADJ	 large
On November 7, 1995, Columbia Records released the eponymous album, Alice in Chains, which debuted at number one on the Billboard 200 and has since been certified double platinum. Of the album's four singles, " Grind ", " Again ", "	"	PUNCT	Over	ADP	 Over
Several hours later, the barometric pressure of the storm decreased to 984 mbar (hPa; 29.06 inHg), the lowest during its existence. Around this time, the hurricane began to undergo an extratropical transition as it approached Nova Scotia. By the end of September	September	PROPN	28	NUM	 28
Routine vaccination of health care workers was discontinued in the U.S. in 1976, and among military recruits in 1990 (although military personnel deploying to the Middle East and Korea still receive the vaccination). By 1986, routine vaccination had ceased in all countries. It is	is	AUX	now	ADV	 now
Benjamin decided to continue alone on horseback, east and south along Florida's Gulf Coast, pretending to be a South Carolina farmer. He eventually reached Gamble Mansion in Ellenton, on the southwest coast of Florida. From there, assisted by the blockade runner Captain Archibald	Archibald	PROPN	McNeill	PROPN	 McNeill
The Criminal Justice and Public Order Act 1994 amended this section to include the transmission of the article electronically. Section 2 covers the actual prohibition of publishing " obscene material ". Section 2 (1) creates a new offence, " publishing an obscene article ",	,	PUNCT	which	PRON	 which
In October 2011 (2011 10), the company announced an order for four Boeing 777Fs in a deal worth US $1.1 billion; the move positioned Ethiopian Airlines as the first African carrier in ordering the type. These four aircraft will join another two ones of	of	ADP	the	DET	 the
These injured and possibly killed some of the swimmers; others used the debris to try to keep themselves afloat. With a temperature of 28° F (− 2° C), the water was lethally cold. Second Officer Lightoller described the feeling of " a	a	DET	thousand	NUM	 thousand
In 2012, the government of India declared Hyderabad the first " Best heritage city of India ". Qutb Shahi architecture of the 16th and early 17th centuries followed classical Persian architecture featuring domes and colossal arches. The oldest surviving Qutb Shahi structure in Hyderabad is the ruins	ruins	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
He also wrote, " shining in this storyline was Dot Jones as Coach Bieste. Her scene as Santa, and then her knowing expression as she watched Artie walk, were the best moments of the episode. " Burns agreed: " Coach Bieste's performance as	as	ADP	the	DET	 the
In normal circumstances his brother Patrick would have been his heir, but he died in battle in October 1780. 4th laird In 1820 the estate was inherited by the Member's younger brother, George Ferguson, who was by then in his seventies. He was known	known	VERB	as	ADP	 as
After some debate as to whether the letter was a journalistic trick to uncover advance story details, Kneale eventually decided that it was genuine, and allowed Cartier to send a reply outlining the storyline's conclusion. Following episode six, some viewers wrote in to the BBC	BBC	PROPN	concerned	ADJ	 concerned
It was he, and not Khrushchev, who made the first anti Stalinist speech at the 20th Congress. Along with Khrushchev, he helped roll back some of the stifling restrictions on nationalism and culture imposed during Stalin's time. In 1954, he visited his native	native	ADJ	Armenia	PROPN	 Armenia
The legal size flyer compared the voting records of Douglas and Marcantonio, principally in the area of national security, and concluded that they were indistinguishable. In contrast, the flyer said, Nixon had voted entirely in opposition to the " Douglas – Marcantonio Axis ".	.	PUNCT	It	PRON	 It
Sesame Street was praised from its debut in 1969. Newsday reported that several newspapers and magazines had written " glowing " reports about the CTW and Cooney. The press overwhelmingly praised the new show; several popular magazines and niche magazines lauded it. In 1970, Sesame	Sesame	PROPN	Street	PROPN	 Street
" During the lecture, Pausch offered inspirational life lessons, and performed push ups on stage. He also commented on the irony that the " Last Lecture " series had recently been renamed as " Journeys ", saying, " I thought, damn, I finally	finally	ADV	nailed	VERB	 nailed
Positions The leading office of the ministry was the Minister of Finance (titled " Commissars " until 1946), the head of the ministry. The offices of First Deputy Minister of Finance were seen as the ministry's second in command. There were several Deputy Ministers	Ministers	PROPN	of	ADP	 of
Female sex, relapsing remitting subtype, optic neuritis or sensory symptoms at onset, few attacks in the initial years and especially early age at onset, are associated with a better course. The average life expectancy is 30 years from the start of the disease, which	which	PRON	is	AUX	 is
" Home " first premiered on UPN in the United States on October 22, 2004. It was watched by an audience of 3.16 million viewers, an increase over the previous week's episode, the second part of " Storm Front " which was watched by 3.11	3.11	NUM	million	NUM	 million
Upon reaching Har Nebo Cemetery, the route turns north through locations of homes and businesses and passes to the east of Naval Support Activity Philadelphia. After passing the naval facility, Oxford Avenue continues northeast at the intersection with Robbins Street / Martins Mill Road. PA 232	232	NUM	runs	NOUN	 runs
It takes constant expected time per search, insertion, or deletion when implemented using a random hash function, a 5 independent hash function, or tabulation hashing. Linear probing is a component of open addressing schemes for using a hash table to solve the dictionary problem.	.	PUNCT	In	ADP	 In
In the Family Guy episode " The Simpsons Guy ", the Griffins visit Springfield and meet the Simpsons. The Simpsons has also influenced live action shows like Malcolm in the Middle, which featured the use of sight gags and did not use a laugh track unlike most	most	ADJ	sitcoms	NOUN	 sitcoms
The Atlantic City Expressway crosses into Hammonton, Atlantic County. Continuing to the southeast, it encounters Route 54 at a full interchange. It then enters Hamilton Township and passes under County Route 559. The lanes of the Atlantic City Expressway in both directions split for the	the	DET	Farley	PROPN	 Farley
At the outbreak of the Second World War in September 1939 the Football League was suspended indefinitely, leaving the club with no revenue. The Football League organised regional competitions after the government gave the Football Association permission for football to proceed on a wartime footing. York decided	decided	VERB	to	PART	 to
The Company was made responsible for the safeguarding of peace and law in its territory, and licensed to do so " in such ways and manners as it shall consider necessary ". It was vested with the power to raise its own police force, and charged with	with	ADP	,	PUNCT	,
Not even her experience of breast cancer was allowed to surface in Kylie ’ s subsequent material: lyrically, it was straight back to business. It seems unlikely such a 20 year lucky streak could be sustained without a lot of shrewd decisions by Minogue herself. So	So	ADV	it	PRON	 it
Unfortunately, the destruction of about 80% of the colony by fire and construction makes it impossible to definitively settle the question. The caterpillar of the moth Dichomeris juncidella has been reported to feed on the leaves. The berries are eaten by wild turkeys and ruffed grouse	grouse	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
This had a major impact on the landscape as feudal systems of ownership were abandoned and land holdings reorganised. This process also facilitated the Scottish Agricultural Revolution that further changed the Scottish landscape from the first half of the eighteenth century. This was the beginning of a process	process	NOUN	that	PRON	 that
The 1ère Division de Ligne made an official visit on 3 – 4 May 1939 to Lisbon, Portugal, commemorating the discovery of Brazil by Alvares Cabral. On 23 May, the two battleships and other ships of the Force de Raid visited Britain, including stops in	in	ADP	Liverpool	PROPN	 Liverpool
But in these remote days the one inn of Whitby was up a back yard, and oyster shell grottoes were the only view from the best private room. Wilkie Collins stayed in Whitby to work on his novel, No Name. He was accompanied by Caroline Graves	Graves	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
" This provides a more holistic view of the economic actor than homo economicus. The work of George Akerlof and Janet Yellen on efficiency wages based on notions of fairness provides an example of a feminist model of economic actors. In their work, agents are not hyperrational	hyperrational	ADJ	or	CCONJ	 or
It was found in what had been the sculptor Thutmose's workshop, along with other unfinished busts of Nefertiti. Borchardt's diary provides the main written account of the find; he remarks, " Suddenly we had in our hands the most alive Egyptian artwork. You	You	PRON	can	AUX	 can
HDMI can only be used with older analog only devices (using connections such as SCART, VGA, RCA, etc.) by means of a digital to analog converter or AV receiver, as the interface does not carry any analog signals (unlike DVI, where	where	SCONJ	devices	NOUN	 devices
Charles Darwin regarded the solitary existence of Cambrian trilobites and total absence of other intermediate fossils as the " gravest " problem to his theory of natural selection, and he devoted an entire chapter of The Origin of Species on the matter. He speculated that the phenomenon,	,	PUNCT	now	ADV	 now
Hobbyists flooded MITS with orders for the $397 computer kit. Paul Allen and Bill Gates saw the magazine and began writing software for the Altair computer called the Altair BASIC. They moved to Albuquerque to work for MITS and in July 1975 started Microsoft - originally named	named	VERB	"	PUNCT	 "
Robert Canning of IGN reviewed the episode, simply saying he " loved this episode, " giving it a perfect 10 out of 10 score. Canning enjoyed Jack and Devon's back and forth, and wrote that Jenna and Tracy " tormenting " Liz in their separate	separate	ADJ	ways	NOUN	 ways
Together, the four make their way to the apartment where the shooting occurred and surmise the weapons used. The four men visit a landfill to meet Kwai's cousin Tony, who supplies illegal arms. Tony mentions that he sold matching weapons to a trio of Hong	Hong	PROPN	Kong	PROPN	 Kong
" The third Tom Swift series differs from the first two in that the setting is primarily outer space, although Swift Enterprises (located now in New Mexico) is occasionally mentioned. Tom Swift explores the universe in the starship Exedra, using a faster than light drive	drive	NOUN	he	PRON	 he
These prayer notes are folded and wedged into the cracks and crevices of the Wall. The rationale for this practice has been traced to the Midrashic teaching that the Divine Presence has never moved from the Western Wall, and the Kabbalistic teaching that all prayers ascend to Heaven	Heaven	PROPN	through	ADP	 through
The name honors a unit of the US Army which was activated at the nearby Fort Custer in 1942 and served with distinction in the European theatre of World War II. Because the unit originated in Battle Creek, and its number matched that of the freeway, the	the	DET	Legislature	PROPN	 Legislature
The older chick accompanies the two adults on hunting expeditions. One day the raptors encounter a strange creature they have never seen — a whip tailed diplodocid who inflicts wounds on Red and her sister; the older chick is forced to set off alone and find the pack	pack	NOUN	's	PART	's
Beauchamp and the Bishop of Worcester had a dispute over the lands that Beauchamp inherited from d'Abetot. The dispute caused the two sides to agree to the creation of the Worcester Survey, a land survey undertaken in Worcestershire sometime between 1108 and 1118 that shows changes in land	land	NOUN	ownership	NOUN	 ownership
Across the U.S., cats are responsible for approximately a billion bird deaths annually. They are estimated to number 640 per square mile; cats living in suburban areas have devastating effects on migratory birds and marsh rabbits. Hurricane Andrew struck Miami in 1992, with catastrophic damage	damage	NOUN	to	ADP	 to
His conduct was deemed " disgusting " by visiting manager Arsène Wenger, and teammate Kurt Zouma initially reacted by saying " Diego likes to cheat a lot, " but later clarified that he meant that " Diego is a player who puts pressure on his opponents. "	"	PUNCT	As	ADP	 As
Adams, who was already a leading Patriot and who was contemplating a run for public office, agreed to help, in the interest of ensuring a fair trial. Adams was joined by Josiah Quincy II after the latter was assured that the Sons of Liberty would not	not	PART	oppose	VERB	 oppose
The assembly then appointed Cooke to be its speaker in 1720. This began a constitutional argument about the governor's powers, for Shute refused to accept Cooke's appointment, claiming it was within his authority to veto it. The assembly, for its part, refused	refused	VERB	to	PART	 to
The singer then duct tapes the man and locks him in her closet; which he later escapes from. Following this, the singer is distraught and then builds another man out of a dummy, and using the hair she had clipped earlier, proceeds to bring the	the	DET	dummy	NOUN	 dummy
The constellation's three letter abbreviation, as adopted by the International Astronomical Union in 1922, is " CMi ". Canis Minor contains only two stars brighter than fourth magnitude. At magnitude 0.34, Procyon, or Alpha Canis Minoris, is the seventh brightest star in	in	ADP	the	DET	 the
The shipping yard shown in the episode was set in the Port of Miami, yet filming took place in a port dock at the Port of Los Angeles. The scene was filmed in San Pedro, California, in a waterfront lot of Harbor Boulevard. The first	first	ADJ	season	NOUN	 season
" Emily Yahr of The Washington Post spoke positively of his acting, by saying " Peeta's crazed expression is sure to haunt our nightmares for a long time, " while David Edelstein of New York criticized his portrayal in relation to scenes with the other characters,	,	PUNCT	saying	VERB	 saying
Ralphie III led the Buffaloes on the field in 72 games, including 62 times in Boulder, eight bowl games, and two times in Fort Collins. After over 10 years of service, she died in January 1998, at the age of 11. Her final	final	ADJ	game	NOUN	 game
During the next three centuries the lands had several different owners. Transactions show it passed to a burgess of Aberdeen in 1477 from Egidia Stewart; Walter Innes of Invermarkie gained feudal superiority to all Pitfour lands in 1493; and in 1506 the land was purchased by Thomas	Thomas	PROPN	Innes	PROPN	 Innes
The Court of Common Pleas thus ceased to exist, except as the Common Pleas Division of the High Court. The existence of the same courts under one unified head was a quirk of constitutional law, which prevented the compulsory demotion or retirement of Chief Justices. By	By	ADP	sheer	ADJ	 sheer
Buildings were made out of dry stone masonry, with the walls and floors of the older houses plastered with a concoction of clay and cow dung. Thick wooden beams were used to support the walls, paying attention to durability and to withstand earthquakes, and wooden cantilever	cantilever	NOUN	construction	NOUN	 construction
There is considerable room for muster on the inland side, where a " castle toun " of service buildings would originally have stood, as well as gardens and orchards in the 17th century. Beyond this area the ground rises steeply to the north west, up to	to	ADP	the	DET	 the
Author Christina Lee agreed, adding it was a " splendidly ridiculous exercise in unadulterated indulgence ", and the film " encapsulated the Reagan era's near solipsist worldview and insatiable appetite for immediate gratification — of living in and for the moment... " Gene Siskel panned the	the	DET	film	NOUN	 film
At the chorus, Aguilera sings " So burn me with fire / Drown me with rain / I'm gonna wake up screaming your name / Yes I'm a sinner, yes I'm a saint / whatever happens here, whatever happens here, we remain	remain	VERB	"	PUNCT	 "
The low that absorbed the storm nearly developed into a tropical cyclone, which would have been called Odette. However, moderate wind shear prevented further development. The origin of Tropical Storm Nicholas can be traced to a tropical wave that moved off the coast of Africa on	on	ADP	October	PROPN	 October
" In an interview in January 2010, current principal Geoff Draper said that piano tuning would be taught at the college if there was a demand for it, and suggested RNC could look to bringing in international students to fill places. The changes led to significant department	department	NOUN	reorganisations	NOUN	 reorganisations
In the previous year, Nissan Pulsar hatchbacks were rebadged as the Holden Astra, as a result of a deal with Nissan. This arrangement ceased in 1989 when Holden entered a new alliance with Toyota, forming a new company: United Australian Automobile Industries (UAAI)	)	PUNCT	.	PUNCT	.
This left his team open to accusations of having advance warning of rule changes. Ecclestone denies that the team benefited from this and Murray has noted that, contrary to this view, at the end of 1982 the team had to abandon their new BT51 car, built	built	VERB	on	ADP	 on
She also appeared as Helen Lovejoy in the 2007 film The Simpsons Movie. She attended the gala premiere together with her daughter, Spenser Rayle, who had turned fourteen years old at the time. Roswell told The Denver Post that she was surprised she was given two	two	NUM	tickets	NOUN	 tickets
Rather, the auxiliary verb har (" have "), hade (" had ") is followed by a special form, called supine, used solely for this purpose (although often identical to the neuter form of the perfect participle): Perfect participle: målad	målad	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
The pair, who came third in the 2009 European Championships, went on to finish eighth. Three British women competed in freestyle skiing events, one each in the aerials, moguls and ski cross. Sarah Sauvey became the first Briton to compete in Olympic ski cross	cross	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
The closest successor to the Torana was the Camira, released in 1982 as Australia's version of GM's medium sized " J car ". The 1980s were challenging for Holden and the Australian automotive industry. The Australian Government tried to revive the industry with the Button	Button	PROPN	car	NOUN	 car
Savaric's successor, Jocelin of Wells, again moved the bishop's seat to Bath Abbey, with the title Bishop of Bath. Following his death the monks of Bath unsuccessfully attempted to regain authority over Wells. There were 40 monks on the roll in 1206.	.	PUNCT	Joint	ADJ	 Joint
This included the official Li Jie (1065 – 1110), a scholar who was eventually promoted to high positions in government agencies of building and engineering. His written manual on building codes and procedures was sponsored by Emperor Huizong (r. 1100 – 1126) for these	these	DET	government	NOUN	 government
Publisher George Putnam later noted that " whole columns of these new ' discoveries, ' including the hieroglyphics (sic) found on the rocks, were copied by many of the English country papers as sober historical truth. " In contrast, the renowned 20th century Argentine	Argentine	ADJ	writer	NOUN	 writer
The acceptance rate for new delegates is usually between 8 and 10 percent. FIU MUN is currently ranked as the 6th best Model UN Team in North America and is the top ranked team in the State of Florida. FIU MUN also hosts an annual high school conference	conference	NOUN	:	PUNCT	:
The film had its formal launch on 15 August 2011 with a small pooja ceremony conducted at Hyderabad. Shyam K. Naidu and S. Thaman were confirmed as the film's cinematographer and music director respectively. Mahesh received the film's script while dubbing for Dookudu (2011)	)	PUNCT	,	PUNCT	,
The defendants refused or were unable to provide details under examination. On 26 March Ilić and Mehmedbašić had already agreed to kill Franz Ferdinand based on instructions from Belgrade predating the newspaper clipping and the discussions amongst the three assassins in Belgrade. Serbian Military Intelligence – through remnants	remnants	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
In response, Deputy District Attorney Ann Rundle said: " What's offensive to me is to trot out the body of a dead child. " Ryder was visibly upset at the accusation and Rundle was admonished by the judge. Outside the courthouse, Polly's father	father	NOUN	Marc	PROPN	 Marc
Shawarma, (from çevirme, meaning " rotating " in Turkish) is usually made in Israel with turkey, with lamb fat added. The shawarma meat is sliced and marinated and then roasted on a huge rotating skewer. The cooked meat is shaved off and stuffed	stuffed	VERB	into	ADP	 into
Historian Jenny Uglow wrote of the lasting impact of the Society: The Lunar Society [' s]... members have been called the fathers of the Industrial Revolution... [T] he importance of this particular Society stems from its pioneering work in experimental chemistry, physics	physics	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
Disney was not pleased with how the story was turning out, as he felt it was too dark for family viewing and insisted on script changes. Peet refused, and after a long argument, Peet left the Disney studio in January 1964. Disney then assigned Larry	Larry	PROPN	Clemmons	PROPN	 Clemmons
Critics panned The Wiz upon its October 1978 release. Jackson's performance as the Scarecrow was one of the only positively reviewed elements of the film, with critics noting that Jackson possessed " genuine acting talent " and " provided the only genuinely memorable moments. " Of	Of	ADP	the	DET	 the
In 2008 Clinton, a Senator and candidate for the Democratic Party presidential nomination, became the first American woman to win a presidential primary. Traister discusses Clinton's political campaign, which did not focus on her gender, and the misogynistic reactions she received from the media	media	NOUN	and	CCONJ	 and
Jeffrey pine forests also surround the Inyo Craters and Mammoth Mountain. Mule deer, coyotes, black bears, yellow bellied marmots, raccoons and mountain lions all have ranges that are coincident with forests that cover parts of the Mono – Inyo craters. Panum Crater is the	the	DET	northernmost	ADJ	 northernmost
To give the puppets increased mobility, the costume department generally avoided stiff synthetic materials, instead working with cotton, silk and wool. Between 1964 and 1966, the department's stock numbered more than 700 costumes. Each puppet's head was fitted with about 10 thin	thin	ADJ	tungsten	VERB	 tungsten
It attracted increasing attention starting in the 18th century, and became an important tourist destination. It underwent a series of renovations between the 18th and 21st centuries, commissioned by the local authorities and the French state, that culminated in 2000 with the opening of a new	new	ADJ	visitor	NOUN	 visitor
Members of the legislature and the districts they represented: On June 15, 1846, the Oregon Treaty was signed with Great Britain, which settled the dispute over sovereignty of the Oregon Country. On August 13, 1848 the United States Congress created the Oregon Territory out	out	ADP	of	ADP	 of
The second composition was painted on the upper west wall of the narthex and portrays a man, a woman, a boy and a girl, with the man also holding a model of the church, a common symbol of donorship. Art historian Dragana Frfulanović believes that	that	SCONJ	the	DET	 the
East of Yates Road, the road enters a small area of trees, before re entering to more farmland. The route curves slightly to the southeast about one mile (1.6 km) later, at Sandy Ridge Road. MS 444 soon crosses the Hushpuckena River,	,	PUNCT	and	CCONJ	 and
Richard started eight games with the Bears in 1973 and posted minor league career worsts in ERA and hits allowed per nine innings. Despite his poor performance with the Bears, Richard was again called up by the Astros. Richard entered in the fourth inning of a June	June	PROPN	16	NUM	 16
The weight of information, and its constant repetition, made an apparently strong case against Driberg, and former friends such as Mervyn Stockwood, the Bishop of Southwark, became convinced that he had indeed betrayed his country. Other friends and colleagues were more sceptical. According	According	VERB	to	ADP	 to
In total, VAT sold 359 units as half tracks, and 60 were converted into 4 × 4 or 4 × 2 vehicles. These lorries were sold as Vanaja VaWh. Some of the half track vehicles were scrapped for parts; the last was sold in 1952	1952	NUM	.	PUNCT	.
Wolverines linebacker Chris Graham, a senior, expected the defense to be defined by speed, noting that each position on the defense was " loaded in speed ". The game was the first ever to be broadcast on the Big Ten Network. At the time the	the	DET	network	NOUN	 network
Yepishev met personally with Taraki on 7 April, but never met with Amin. The Soviets were becoming increasingly worried about Amin's control over the Afghan military. Even so, during Yepishev's visit Amin's position was actually strengthened; Taroon was appointed Taraki's aide	aide	NOUN	de	X	 de
The nudity described by Nintendo encompassed a swimsuit calendar, a classical sculpture and a poster of a mummy in a Playmate pose. After a brief fight to keep the sculpture, the team ultimately removed all three. The phrase " NES SCUMM " in the credits sequence	sequence	NOUN	was	AUX	 was
From hereon Thomas Wintour remained at the heart of the conspiracy. The group leased properties in London, one in Lambeth for storing the gunpowder that was rowed across the Thames to its destination. His confession has the plotters digging a tunnel toward their target during one of	of	ADP	the	DET	 the
" Attitudes towards AO rated games have also been influenced by the types of games that have received the rating; Peter Payne, head of Peach Princess, a publisher of English translations of Japanese eroge visual novels, believed that the " Adults Only " rating had acquired	acquired	VERB	a	DET	 a
The film's pooja ceremony was held at Radha Krishna's office in early December 2013, and filming was expected to begin in February 2014. Rumors that the film was shelved were denied by a film unit source, who said that Srinivas ' screenplay was nearly complete	complete	ADJ	.	PUNCT	.
Excess can also exist as camp, such as films that highlight the excesses of 1980s fashion and commercialism. Films that are influenced by unpopular styles or genres can become cult films. Director Jean Rollin worked within cinéma fantastique, an unpopular genre in modern France. Influenced	Influenced	VERB	by	ADP	 by
By the 1370s, there were fears that if the French invaded England, the rural classes might side with the invaders. The discontent began to give way to open protest. In 1377, the " Great Rumour " occurred in south east and south west England.	.	PUNCT	Rural	ADJ	 Rural
These encysted life stages produce developmental abnormalities in post metamorphic frogs, including additional or missing limbs. These abnormalities increase frog predation by aquatic birds, the final host of the trematode. A study showed that high levels of nutrients used in farming and ranching activities fuel parasite	parasite	NOUN	infections	NOUN	 infections
After the second verse, Hendrix skipped to the fourth. Hendrix played the electric guitar, and music critic Greil Marcus described the atmosphere of the Hendrix recording thus: Huge chords ride over the beginning of each verse like rain clouds; the tune is taken very slowly	slowly	ADV	,	PUNCT	,
Calabozos is one of 44 Holocene epoch volcanoes located in central Chile and Argentina. It is included within the Southern Volcanic Zone, the most active section of the Chilean Andes. The date of its last known eruption is not known with precision, though it took place	place	NOUN	during	ADP	 during
They selected Gyorko as a third baseman. Gyorko signed with the Padres quickly, receiving a $614,700 signing bonus, while other draft selections held out for higher signing bonuses. After signing with the Padres, Gyorko was assigned to the Eugene Emeralds of the Class A	A	PROPN	Short	PROPN	 Short
It told me the story of what went wrong. There were maybe two (good) songs on that album and the others were just a bunch of compromising tug of wars. That was something I was not going to do again. " The band released a	a	DET	pair	NOUN	 pair
The title is a reference to the novel and film The Caine Mutiny. The dog " Laddie " is a play on Lassie, in terms of name, appearance and uncanny intelligence. Marge listens to the song " You Really Got Me " by The Kinks played	played	VERB	on	ADP	 on
Erin feels dejected and leaves. Jim and Pam Halpert argue whether ghosts are real after she claims to have seen one at a pub where she used to work. Meanwhile, Dwight Schrute dresses up as Sarah Kerrigan from StarCraft, but Toby Flenderson takes off his wings	wings	NOUN	as	SCONJ	 as
In the Spring 2002 edition of The Octagon, the keeper's house was said to be a two story house with eleven rooms. During the War of 1812, the British forces landed on the island and told the keeper's wife, Thankful Stone, that they	they	PRON	had	VERB	 had
At 00: 00 UTC on August 29, a tropical depression formed from the system, classified by the Joint Typhoon Warning Center (JTWC) as Tropical Depression 14W. In initial forecasts, the agency anticipated steady strengthening, due to warm sea surface temperatures in the area	area	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
" Eye of the Needle " was released digitally on 3 June 2014 as a promotional single. while " Big Girls Cry " was made available for music download on 25 June. " Elastic Heart " was released as the fourth single from 1000 Forms of Fear in	in	ADP	January	PROPN	 January
Immature birds have brown plumage, which is gradually replaced by white until the age of five or six years. The call is a loud goose like honking. Resident from India and Sri Lanka through Southeast Asia to Australia on coasts and major waterways, the white bellied	bellied	VERB	sea	NOUN	 sea
J. M. Barrie (1860 – 1937) based his character Peter Pan on Peter Llewelyn Davies, his friend's son, after visiting their family in Berkhamsted. Dame Juliana Berners (1388-?) was the author of the Boke of St Albans, a guide to	to	ADP	hunting	NOUN	 hunting
" During his second term, Ross was forced to intervene in the Jaybird Woodpecker War in Fort Bend County. Sheriff Jim Garvey feared there would be armed battles between the white supremacist Democrats (the Jaybirds) and the black men who had retained political power (who	who	PRON	,	PUNCT	,
Of the 31,380 square kilometres (12,120 sq mi) of forest in Britain, around 30% is publicly owned and 70% is in the private sector. More than 40,000 people work on this land. Broadleaves account for 29% of Britain's woodlands, the	the	DET	rest	NOUN	 rest
Jableh's district governor sought to gain control over the fundraiser and when locals nevertheless continued to send their donations to al Qassam, he attempted to have him jailed. The district governor alleged that al Qassam was working against the Ottoman state, but an official investigation found	found	VERB	him	PRON	 him
In general relativity, however, there exists an innermost stable circular orbit (often called the ISCO), inside of which, any infinitesimal perturbations to a circular orbit will lead to inspiral into the black hole. The location of the ISCO depends on the spin of	of	ADP	the	DET	 the
Instead, Howe was required to appear before a court – martial in Philadelphia which was opened to inquire into Howe's actions in the defense of Savannah in 1778. The tribunal, led by Friedrich Wilhelm von Steuben, opened on December 7, 1781, and closed	closed	VERB	on	ADP	 on
He abandoned the study of medicine and changed to English, history, and theology. Because he switched his field, however, he lost his scholarship and had to pay tuition fees. He received a government bursary, and his family also donated money – his older	older	ADJ	brother	NOUN	 brother
The centerline turrets on the warships could train 150 degrees in either direction, though the wing turrets on the Helgoland and Kaiser classes were limited to an arc of 80 degrees in either direction. The island of Helgoland received four twin gun turrets between 1909 – 12,	,	PUNCT	although	SCONJ	 although
While the command staff met to discuss the next move, word came in that the British warship Royal Savage was approaching. This started a disorganized retreat up the river back to Ile aux Noix, in which the command staff was nearly left behind. A third attempt	attempt	NOUN	was	AUX	 was
In 2010 there was a push to get him elected into the Hockey Hall of Fame, which included an online petition at Flyershistory.net. Shero was eventually elected to the Hockey Hall of Fame as a builder in 2013. He remains the winningest coach in Flyers history with	with	ADP	308	NUM	 308
Though they are edible, the primary appeal of the fruit bodies to mushroom hunters are their appearance. The species was first described by Carl Linnaeus in 1753, and subsequently went through a number of name changes. It is the type species of the genus Cortinarius,	,	PUNCT	but	CCONJ	 but
Count Franz Conrad von Hötzendorf boasted that it would take Austro Hungary only three months to defeat Serbia should war erupt between the two nations. With Bosnia Herzegovina firmly in Austro Hungarian hands, Serbia and several other Balkan states turned to forcing the Ottoman Empire from southeastern Europe	Europe	PROPN	.	PUNCT	.
Gold rush – related boomtowns sprang up near Mono Basin in the 19th century to exploit bonanzas. The largest of these, Bodie (north of Mono Lake), was founded in the late 1870s and grew large enough to need a tree mill, which was located	located	VERB	at	ADP	 at
" Rowan Kaiser of The A.V. Club compared the episode favorably to " Lisa on Ice " although he also criticized the Scioscia cameo, calling it " awkward ". In conclusion he gave the episode an A-, the best grade of the night. The opening sequence	sequence	NOUN	received	VERB	 received
At the end of World War I the city became part of the newly independent Second Polish Republic, as the capital of the Białystok Voivodeship (1919 – 1939). During the 1919 – 1920 Polish Soviet War, possession of the city by the Red Army and	and	CCONJ	the	DET	 the
" The sets, design, cinematography, effects and principal cast were all given praise from Kirk Honeycutt of The Hollywood Reporter, although he deemed John Williams ' score " a great clanging, banging music box that simply will not shut up. " Todd McCarthy of	of	ADP	Variety	PROPN	 Variety
It turned back under heavy fire, and withdrew as far as Pančevo without serious damage to any vessel. Bodrog returned to base, and the monitor SMS Inn was sent to guard the munitions and escort the convoy back to Petrovaradin. In January 1915, British artillery	artillery	NOUN	arrived	VERB	 arrived
" Lépine responded that " You're women, you're going to be engineers. You're all a bunch of feminists. I hate feminists. " He then opened fire on the students from left to right, killing six, and wounding three others, including	including	VERB	Provost	PROPN	 Provost
There are also supersonic " bullets " of gas piercing the hydrogen clouds of the Orion Nebula. Each bullet is ten times the diameter of Pluto's orbit and tipped with iron atoms glowing in the infra red. They were probably formed one thousand years ago from an	an	DET	unknown	ADJ	 unknown
" According to the U.S. Attorney's Manual, " Of the individuals who come to the Secret Service's attention as creating a possible danger to one of their protectees, approximately 75 percent are mentally ill. " The Secret Service notes, " These are probably Secret	Secret	PROPN	Service	PROPN	 Service
When in 1941 Gascoigne was offered a research fellowship by Woolley, he moved to Canberra. The Solar Observatory staff had similar responsibilities to those Gascoigne had held in New Zealand. His first task was to design an anti aircraft gun sight, and he was also involved	involved	VERB	in	ADP	 in
The west facade was constructed in 1688 and rebuilt in 1804. It has a three section portal with images of the Four Evangelists. The west portal has high reliefs depicting Jesus handing the Keys of Heaven to Saint Peter. The east facade is similar to the west	west	PROPN	facade	NOUN	 facade
Determining at what prices prints sold is a challenge for experts, as records of hard figures are scanty and there was great variety in the production quality, size, supply and demand, and methods, which went through changes such as the introduction of full colour printing	printing	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
They later see a minister, referred to only as Togog, attempting to use the Gilchrist Document to overthrow Sukarno. Muhammad gives up on Indonesia, planning to install television in jannah. Eventually, Sukarno recovers from the poison and is told about the Gilchrist Document,	,	PUNCT	also	ADV	 also
The Mexican authorities " summarily rejected " the agreement. After Moreno Gonzalez was reported dead, José de Jesús Méndez Vargas took the lead of La Familia Michoacana. The other cartel leader, Servando Gómez Martínez (alias " La Tuta "), fought Méndez Vargas for	for	ADP	control	NOUN	 control
Mating is not restricted to just community members, but also involves members of neighboring communities. Females mate primarily with males with whom they had affiliative relations prior to mating season, although some matings occurred with roaming males from other communities. Shortly before mating season begins,	,	PUNCT	females	NOUN	 females
After Sora meets Donald and Goofy, the three decide to travel together — Donald and Goofy to find King Mickey, and Sora to find Kairi and Riku. The three go to various Disney inspired worlds, finding that the Keyblade also locks " Keyholes " in the	the	DET	worlds	NOUN	 worlds
After defeating a group of giants, Tom Thumb is handsomely rewarded by King Arthur, which later erupts in a comical love triangle between Tom, Arthur's wife Queen Dollalolla, and Princess Huncamunca. Tom is eventually swallowed by a cow and killed. Soon after,	,	PUNCT	his	PRON	 his
If the standards are going to be lowered I'll get out as chairman of the board. " Jackson was notorious for his off ice lifestyle of drinking and broken marriages. Smythe would not condone the induction and even tried to block it because he considered Jackson a	a	DET	poor	ADJ	 poor
The welder judges the effectiveness of the shielding and increases the nozzle size to increase the area protected by the external gas shield as needed. The nozzle must be heat resistant and thus is normally made of alumina or a ceramic material, but fused quartz, a high	high	ADJ	purity	NOUN	 purity
However, its soundtrack – by Ron Sexsmith and Kurt Swinghammer – won a Genie Award for Best Achievement in Music – Original Song. That year she also released the three minute Star. After The Art of Woo, Lee announced that intended to adapt Kerri Sakamoto's	's	PART	novel	NOUN	 novel
Between 1994 and 2009, the city had a declining and aging population compared to Tel Aviv and Jerusalem, as young people moved to the center of the country for education and jobs, while young families migrated to bedroom communities in the suburbs. However, as a	a	DET	result	NOUN	 result
Studies have determined that new age music can be an effective component of stress management. The style began in the 1970s with the works of free form jazz groups recording on the ECM label; such as Oregon, the Paul Winter Consort, and other pre ambient bands	bands	NOUN	;	PUNCT	;
The 20 amino acids encoded directly by the genetic code can be divided into several groups based on their properties. Important factors are charge, hydrophilicity or hydrophobicity, size, and functional groups. These properties are important for protein structure and protein – protein interactions. The	The	DET	water	NOUN	 water
He was a faculty member of the University of Utah for over 25 years, where he helped establish the School of Medicine and served as its first dean, and later became head of the zoology department. He also taught at Brigham Young University and the University of	of	ADP	Pennsylvania	PROPN	 Pennsylvania
Spears filmed her guest starring scenes on August 18 and 19, 2010. Murphy commented that: " At the heart of it, it's a show designed to show off the skills of Heather Morris ". Prior to appearing in Glee, Morris was a back	back	ADV	up	ADP	 up
Lacking money, Monet returned to his father's house in Sainte Adresse and lived with his aunt, leaving Doncieux and their child in Paris. Monet married Doncieux in 1870. Mme. Louis Joachim Gaudibert, an art collector, became Monet's first patron. Gaudibert	Gaudibert	PROPN	helped	VERB	 helped
Further west, the LSWR took over the broad gauge Exeter and Crediton Railway and North Devon Railway, also the standard gauge Bodmin and Wadebridge Railway. It was several years before these remote lines were connected with the parent LSWR system and any through traffic to them was	was	AUX	handled	VERB	 handled
Though it had been settled for some time Hadspen was only officially declared in 1866. Hadspen was originally on the main road from Launceston to Devonport but the town's centre was bypassed in the late 20th century. There have been schools, both secular and religious,	,	PUNCT	in	ADP	 in
Around this time, the cult of Adonis is noted in the Book of Ezekiel in Jerusalem, though under the Babylonian name Tammuz. Adonis originally was a Phoenician god of fertility representing the spirit of vegetation. It is further speculated that he was an avatar of the	the	DET	version	NOUN	 version
The future Westholme grounds were divided up between several land owners, including Lord Bristol and Benjamin Handley. Thomas Parry (1818 − 1879), an architect, builder and future Member of Parliament for Boston employed his business partner and brother in law, Charles Kirk the	the	DET	younger	ADJ	 younger
L ' Equipe de Cardiff (1916) and André Lhote's Partie de Rugby (1917). The 1928 Gold Medal for Art at the Antwerp Olympics was won by Luxembourg's Jean Jacoby for his work Rugby. In film, Ealing Studios ' 1949 comedy A	A	DET	Run	NOUN	 Run
First, a diagnostic step is used to process data to generate initial conditions, which are then advanced in time by a prognostic step that solves the initial value problem. He also identified seven variables that defined the state of the atmosphere at a given point: pressure	pressure	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
Runcorn Rugby Union FC is based at Halton Sports Club in Murdishaw. There is an 18 hole golf course at Runcorn Golf Club in Clifton Road and a golf driving range at Sutton Fields. Runcorn Sports Club is a privately run sports club in Moughland Lane and provides	provides	VERB	facilities	NOUN	 facilities
Plessy v. Ferguson, 163 U.S. 537 (1896) — separate but equal for public facilities Cumming v. Richmond County Board of Education 175 U.S. 528 (1899) — sanctioned de jure segregation of races Lum v. Rice, 275 U.S. 78 (1927) — separate schools	schools	NOUN	for	ADP	 for
Due to rough surf, the beach at Virginia Beach, Virginia was closed to swimmers on August 31. Carrie had minimal effects on the East Coast south of the Mid Atlantic states, limited to moderate winds and generally light rainfall. Precipitation at Norfolk, Virginia reached	reached	VERB	1.12	NUM	 1.12
In Stratford, Prince Edward Island, a woman died after being struck by a door that was caught by a gust of wind, and in Woodstock, New Brunswick, a man died when his oxygen support was cut off during a power outage. In some parts	parts	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
Their value for the conventional Faraday constant is F90 = 96485.39 (13) C / mol, which corresponds to a value for the Avogadro constant of 6.0221449 (78) × 1023 mol − 1: both values have a relative standard uncertainty of 1.3 × 10 −	−	PROPN	6	NUM	 6
Each story concerns a World War II soldier overcoming the odds in the war. The game also has four difficulty levels: Easy, Regular, Hardened, and Veteran. Call of Duty 2 features several game types: Deathmatch, Team Deathmatch, Search & Destroy,	,	PUNCT	Capture	VERB	 Capture
" The Hollywood Reporter's Todd McCarthy said that the film is " snappy, well cast and streetwise " but felt that it ignored the " contemporary economic issues at its core. " McCarthy said that Murphy's performance was a return to form as " the rude	rude	ADJ	,	PUNCT	,
The RNA molecule produced by the polymerase is known as the primary transcript and undergoes post transcriptional modifications before being exported to the cytoplasm for translation. One of the modifications performed is the splicing of introns which are sequences in the transcribed region that do not encode protein.	.	PUNCT	Alternative	ADJ	 Alternative
In Puerto Cortes, peak winds of 51 mph (82 km / h) and gusts up to 72 mph (116 km / h) were observed, as well as a peak rainfall total over 6.02 in (153 mm). Furthermore, a minimum barometric	barometric	NOUN	pressure	NOUN	 pressure
The brutality of the killings sent shock waves along the frontier, and Boone's party abandoned its expedition. The massacre was one of the first events in what became known as Dunmore's War, a struggle between Virginia and, primarily, Shawnees of the Ohio Country	Country	PROPN	for	ADP	 for
According to the editors of Flying magazine, in their book Sport Flying, published by Ziff Davis in 1976, Jeannette was " the first woman in space, a claim allowed even by Valentina Tereshkova. " She was also the first woman to pilot a flight to	to	ADP	the	DET	 the
He was elected president of the constitutional convention that drafted the state's constitution in 1779, and ran unsuccessfully for governor in 1780, losing to John Hancock. In 1785, following Hancock's resignation, he was elected governor. Due to the large debts of Massachusetts	Massachusetts	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
" It involves first step quickness to the ball, which will increase his range. [He needs to] soften his hands a little bit. [His] hand eye coordination to the ball needs to be a little better. That comes with repetition, repetition	repetition	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
Meanwhile, German tanks were continuously upgraded with better main guns, in addition to other improvements. For example, the Panzer III was originally designed with a 37 mm gun, but was mass produced with a 50 mm cannon. To counter the threat of the Russian	Russian	ADJ	T	NOUN	 T
Wheeler attended the event, whose conference proceedings were published as a festschrift for the octogenarian. In spring 1973, Wheeler returned to BBC television for two episodes of the archaeology themed series Chronicle in which he discussed his life and career. The episodes were well received,	,	PUNCT	and	CCONJ	 and
Using a klystron, they were able to separate isotopes using high voltage electricity rather than magnetism. Work continued until February 1943, when, in view of the greater success of the calutron, work was discontinued and the team was transferred to other duties. At Cornell	Cornell	PROPN	University	PROPN	 University
Mössbauer received the Nobel Prize in Physics in 1961, at the age 32, just three years after he published his discovery. In 1986 Rudolf Mössbauer was honored for his achievements with the Albert Einstein Medal and the Elliot Cresson Medal. Iridium is one of the nine	nine	NUM	least	ADJ	 least
The day after the battle, he interviewed each noncombatant individually. Impressed with Susanna Dickinson, Santa Anna offered to adopt her infant daughter Angelina and have the child educated in Mexico City. Dickinson refused the offer, which was not extended to Juana Navarro Alsbury although her	her	PRON	son	NOUN	 son
Aguilera's decision not to perform her " trademark warbling " while recording the song disappointed M.I.A., as she detailed in an interview with MTV News UK: I really thought I was going to be able to go in there and get her vocals on to the next	next	ADJ	level	NOUN	 level
Their shape change quickly as the sun rises, and as the painting most likely isn't depicting any specific moment, it is impossible to draw any conclusions from the mysterious shape in the painting. The crescent moon shape in the middle of the sky looks very much	much	ADV	like	ADP	 like
The system software was developed by Space Computer Corporation of Los Angeles and the system hardware is supplied by NovaSol Corp. of Honolulu, Hawaii specifically for CAP. The ARCHER system is based on hyperspectral technology research and testing previously undertaken by the United States Naval Research Laboratory (	(	PUNCT	NRL	PROPN	NRL
M 79 meets M 66 and turns south along the latter highway's route along Main and Durkee streets through the community. South of town in Maple Grove Township, M 79 separates from M 66 and turns east along Lawrence Road. Outside of Charlotte, M 79	79	NUM	curves	NOUN	 curves
" Manny Get Your Gun " was written by Danny Zuker, but was based on a story by Modern Family's co creator, Christopher Lloyd. The episode marked Zucker's fifth writing credit for the series and Lloyd's first story credit. The episode was directed	directed	VERB	by	ADP	 by
Scenes of Spears singing in front of a shining orange sign with the word " CRAZY " are also seen throughout the video. On August 24, 1999, the music video debuted at number four on Total Request Live. It is the longest running by a female	female	ADJ	artist	NOUN	 artist
His body is carried off by were poodle Milhouse while Lisa watches in dismay. The episode was written by Joel H. Cohen, and it was his first sole writing credit for a Treehouse of Horror episode. He previously wrote the " Hex and the City " segment	segment	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
" So that was my message in letting that scene be in color. " Andy Patrizio of IGN notes that the point at which Schindler sees the girl's dead body is the point at which he changes, no longer seeing " the ash and soot of burning	burning	VERB	corpses	NOUN	 corpses
The Stars immediately signed Nieuwendyk to a new deal worth US $11.3 million over five years. Bob Gainey, the team's general manager, hoped that the acquisition of Nieuwendyk would help the franchise, which had relocated from Minnesota three years previous, establish its place	place	NOUN	in	ADP	 in
A similar pattern emerges as regards households with dependent children; in Central and High Felling the proportions are low at 16.6% and 23.1%, while in North Felling the figure 34.8%. These compare to figures to 29.5% nationally and 28.4% in Gateshead.	.	PUNCT	The	DET	 The
Mansfield ordered a hearing for 22 January 1772. Following an adjournment, the case was not heard until 7 February 1772. In the meantime, the case had attracted a great deal of attention in the press, and members of the public were forthcoming with donations to	to	PART	fund	VERB	 fund
Despite Crumb's enthusiasm, the artist refused to sign the contract Krantz drew up. Artist Vaughn Bodé warned Bakshi against working with Crumb, describing him as " slick ". Bakshi later agreed with Bodé's assessment, calling Crumb " one of the slickest hustlers you	you	PRON	'll	AUX	'll
" Lou Lumenick of the New York Post wrote " Toy Story 3 (which is pointlessly being shown in 3 D at most locations) may not be a masterpiece, but it still had me in tears at the end. " Michael Phillips of the Chicago Tribune	Tribune	PROPN	gave	VERB	 gave
Hill made his first class cricket début in March 1893 while still a schoolboy, just nine days past his 16th birthday. Included in the South Australian team to play Western Australia at the Adelaide Oval, he failed to score a run; he was dismissed for a	a	DET	duck	NOUN	 duck
" In his will Governor Arnold gave to his wife, for life, certain land with mansion house and " stone built wind mill. " While there are romantic legends of early norse men coming to Newport and building the stone structure that continues to stand in the	the	DET	city	NOUN	 city
The location is significant in the early history of Chicago. Events from the city's past are commemorated with sculptures and plaques on the bridge, and exhibits in the McCormick Bridgehouse & Chicago River Museum — housed in one of the bridge tender houses — detail the history	history	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
The ship's bow was not designed to operate in an Arctic environment, and so the crew had to continually fix wood planks to the hull to protect it from the ice. While refueling from the tanker Durance, Strassbourg took on two FBA 17 seaplanes to assist	assist	VERB	in	ADP	 in
The camera's operator then shook the camera in the opposite direction that Mulligan and Robertson threw themselves. The scene wherein the Doctor talks to Sally via a DVD extra was created by writing a conversation, removing Sally's lines, then having David Tennant record his lines	lines	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
Scholars have contrasted this dating scheme with the " epic " reigns of roughly thirty three years for both Oleg and Igor in the Primary Chronicle. The Primary Chronicle and other Kievan sources place Oleg's grave in Kiev, while Novgorodian sources identify a funerary barrow in Ladoga	Ladoga	PROPN	as	ADP	 as
Shaw wrote to the sculptor on January 13, reproducing a copy of a letter from Roberts which warned, " the judgement of the authority of all countries is that modern coins must be of low relief ", but as the President disagreed with Roberts's view,	,	PUNCT	Saint	PROPN	 Saint
The Bureau of Democracy, Human Rights, and Labor of the United States Department of State and sociologist Susan J. Palmer have classified the International Raëlian Movement as a religion. Raëlians routinely advocate sex positive feminism and genetically modified food and actively protest against wars in addition to	to	ADP	the	DET	 the
" By this time John Smith's was outselling Webster's three to one. Following the closure of the Fountain Head Brewery in 1996, Webster's beers were initially brewed at Scottish Courage's John Smith's Brewery in Tadcaster, but were subsequently moved to the Thomas	Thomas	PROPN	Hardy	PROPN	 Hardy
During one bombing raid a 500 pounds (230 kg) bomb crashed through and landed on the floor above him. Fortunately it did not explode. Szentkiralyi and his family later narrowly survived the Siege of Budapest. After the war ended, Szentkiralyi found work for the	the	DET	American	PROPN	 American
Testosterone levels may be evaluated to diagnose hypogonadism, a cause of depression in men. Vitamin D levels are often checked now, as low levels of vitamin D have been associated with greater risk for depression. Subjective cognitive complaints appear in older depressed people, but they	they	PRON	can	AUX	 can
The tower was constructed sometime between the Dissolution and the Union of the Crowns but the exact date is not known. It was probably constructed as a strong room to store munitions or provide a secure location if the city walls were breached. This turned the ground floor	floor	NOUN	room	NOUN	 room
Band biographer Neil Minturn describes it as " demanding an ebullient, loose, insistent, repetitive groove, with roots in Southern, rural culture. Hawkins continued to perform " Who Do You Love? " as a solo artist. San Francisco psychedelic rock band Quicksilver Messenger	Messenger	PROPN	Service	PROPN	 Service
MDMA had been synthesized in 1912 by Merck and patented in 1912 as an intermediate of another synthesis in order to block competitors, but was never explored in its own right. Shulgin went on to develop a new synthesis method, and in 1976, introduced the chemical	chemical	NOUN	to	ADP	 to
The Nemesis of Faith also drew criticism on literary grounds as being melodramatic and sentimental. Froude himself wrote to his friend Charles Kingsley that " I cut a hole in my heart and wrote with the blood ". Thomas Carlyle complained of the novel " Froude ought to	to	PART	consume	VERB	 consume
Using John Carlin's Wired magazine article entitled " A Farewell to Arms ", Marconi crafted a screenplay about a cyber terrorist attack on the United States. The attack procedure is known as a " fire sale ", depicting a three stage coordinated attack on a country	country	NOUN	's	PART	's
The judiciary is composed of the Tripura High Court and a system of lower courts. Executive authority is vested in the Council of Ministers headed by the Chief Minister. The Governor, the titular head of state, is appointed by the President of India. The leader	leader	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
Johnson was rested for the fixture against the South of England. Australia declared at 7 / 522 and bowled out the hosts for 298 when rain ended the match. Australia's biggest challenge in the post Test tour matches was against the Leveson Gower's XI. During	During	ADP	the	DET	 the
On the night of 12 / 13 December, German destroyers sortied to lay minefields off the British coast. Under the command of Commodore (Kommodore) Friedrich Bonte in his flagship Hermann Künne, Steinbrinck, Bruno Heinemann, Richard Beitzen, and Friedrich Ihn laid 240 mines	mines	NOUN	off	ADP	 off
When Philip of Hesse's law on the protection of the Jews in his territory expired in 1538, he commissioned Bucer to create a new policy. Philip gave him a draft that was tolerant in the regulation of their affairs. Bucer rejected the favourable conditions and recommended	recommended	VERB	that	SCONJ	 that
Built for Islands of Adventure's opening in 1999, the attraction is a hybrid ride combining special roving motion vehicles with 3D projection, elaborate physical sets, and both practical and tactile effects. The ride takes park guests turned last minute reporters into the world of Marvel	Marvel	PROPN	Comics	PROPN	 Comics
The 13th Tejano Music Awards nominees included newcomer Esmeralda along with Selena and Lares. At the 14th Tejano Music Awards, Elsa Garcia was nominated for the first time in four years. Selena twice won the award posthumously after her shooting death in March 1995. She was	was	AUX	called	VERB	 called
According to contemporary sources, around 180 people lived in the facility, including peasants, the Dutch soldiers defending it, and an unknown number of women and children. The fortress was also home to several of Gebhard's prisoners. The Abbot of Heisterbach, Johann von	von	PROPN	St.	PROPN	 St.
Focus has centered primarily on the Texian defenders, with little emphasis given to the role of the Tejano soldiers who served in the Texian army or the actions of the Mexican army. In the early 20th century the Texas Legislature purchased the property and appointed the Daughters of	of	ADP	the	DET	 the
Several years later, Jack sold all of the 400 cartoons Warner Bros. made before 1948 for $3,000 apiece. As Thomas noted, " They have since earned millions, but not for Warner Bros. " Jack Warner's tumultuous relationship with his brother, Harry, worsened	worsened	VERB	in	ADP	 in
1: Shapes. 2: Flow. 3: Branches. Oxford, 2009. Murphy, Pat and Neill, William. By Nature's Design. Chronicle Books, 1993. Rothenberg, David. Survival of the Beautiful: Art, Science and Evolution. Bloomsbury	Bloomsbury	PROPN	Press	PROPN	 Press
The Northwest Pavilion has 460 photovoltaic modules to harness solar energy, houses recycling facilities, and its " interior finishes and construction materials are derived from renewable resources ". The Millennium Park Welcome Center in the Northwest Pavilion offers guides to the park and wheelchairs. It houses	houses	VERB	exhibitions	NOUN	 exhibitions
Upon its publication in 1999, Motherless Brooklyn won the National Book Critics Circle Award for Fiction, The Macallan Gold Dagger for crime fiction, and the Salon Book Award; it was named book of the year by Esquire. In 1999, actor Edward Norton announced that	that	SCONJ	he	PRON	 he
Despite both reviews characterising " The Harrowing " as one of the weaker episodes of the series, it was called " very creepy " in the Liverpool Echo, and the closing scene was described as extremely scary in the Metro. Critics writing for The Sunday Times said	said	VERB	that	SCONJ	 that
Jonathan Holmes of Destructoid called Cave Story an " important game ", observing its influence on artistic indie games like Braid, as well as the continued relevance of 2D game design (cf. Capcom's Mega Man 9). He also compares the game design to	to	ADP	that	PRON	 that
The program proved to be controversial, as critics of the administration, as well as organizations such as the American Bar Association, argued that it was illegal. In August 2006, a U.S. district court judge ruled that the NSA electronic surveillance program was unconstitutional, but	but	CCONJ	on	ADP	 on
During these secret meetings, they appointed a representative commission composed of Juan José Castelli and Martín Rodríguez to request that Cisneros convene an open cabildo to decide the future of the Viceroyalty. During the night of May 19 there were further discussions at Rodríguez Peña's house.	.	PUNCT	Saavedra	PROPN	 Saavedra
Born in Belfast to Norman and Aileen Whiteside, he grew up on Shankill Road, and because of his aggressive, physical playing style he was later nicknamed the " Shankill Skinhead " by Manchester United supporters. The family later moved to 10 Danube Street, and the	the	DET	family	NOUN	 family
Millennium Park had 3 million visitors in its first year; annual attendance was projected to grow to between 3.31 and 3.65 million by 2010. According to Crain's Chicago Business, however, the park had about 4 million visitors in 2009. In addition to the different	different	ADJ	uses	NOUN	 uses
<formula> To find the shape of the minimal surface bounded by some arbitrary shaped frame using strictly mathematical means can be a daunting task. Yet by fashioning the frame out of wire and dipping it in soap solution, a locally minimal surface will appear in the	the	DET	resulting	VERB	 resulting
It was produced by Martin and Shellback. Aguilera's vocals were recorded by Oscar Ramirez at The Red Lips Room in Beverly Hills in California; the background vocals engineer was Sam Holland. Programming and keyboards were carried out by Shellback and additional keyboards were performed by Holter	Holter	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
Feather lice found on Zino's petrels include Trabeculus schillingi, Saemundssonia species and an unnamed species of Halipeurus. Zino's petrel has a very restricted range on the mountaintops of a single island, and is the most endangered European seabird. The birds, already confined to	to	ADP	a	DET	 a
In perhaps their biggest game of the season, the Aggies defeated defending national champions and 2013 BCS National Championship Game participants the Alabama Crimson Tide in Tuscaloosa, 29 – 24. This was the Aggies ' thirteenth Cotton Bowl appearance; with the win they hold a 5	5	NUM	–	PUNCT	 –
" IGN made a similar point; " Unlike the PC and Mac versions, PlayStation Dark Forces is grainier than a loaf of bread. Close up, everything is blocky and pixelated, but even from far away the walls and textures look like big, chunky blocks	blocks	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
5.3%. A majority of factors of this population decline are being driven by the massive growth in Chinese industry since 1990 which caused increased shipping and pollution and ultimately environmental degradation. Some of these can be seen in damming of the river as well as illegal fishing	fishing	NOUN	activity	NOUN	 activity
Sun Diamond argued that those actions could not be criminal because there was no intent to do economic harm to the firm. However, the court ruled that an intent to do economic harm was not necessary to have committed wire fraud, affirming a pre McNally decision in	in	ADP	light	NOUN	 light
Such themes had earlier been examined in his The Gross Clinic (1875) and William Rush (1877), and would continue to be explored in his paintings of boxers (Taking the Count, Salutat, and Between Rounds) and wrestlers (Wrestlers). Although	Although	SCONJ	the	DET	 the
England were 46 / 4 and Australia were firmly in control. Compton was joined by his skipper Yardley and the pair rebuilt the innings, scoring 87 runs together in 100 minutes. After the tea break, Lindwall and Johnston returned with the new ball. Compton edged	edged	VERB	Johnston	PROPN	 Johnston
She fights off a multitude of sci fi monsters and mobile suits then jumps into a throng of Metron Seijin and tosses them aside. She is then in a lightsaber duel with Darth Vader, with Stormtroopers sitting in the background and the Death Star enshrined in one corner	corner	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
Throughout dinner, Will is hostile to Rachel. Will, like Monica, has lost a great deal of weight since high school and looks great. When Will keeps ignoring her advances and is continuously hostile, he reveals that she was horrible to him in high school	school	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
" She said that she thinks West is brilliant and praised him for speaking his mind all the time. Jack White, a vocal advocate of analog recording, remarked that the album " is obviously recorded on Pro Tools but sounds unbelievable, because it is very simple	simple	ADJ	and	CCONJ	 and
In the U.S., where Gilbert and Sullivan's performance copyright was never in force, Pinafore continued to be produced continuously by both professional and amateur companies. The New York Times, in a 1914 review, called a large scale production at the 6,000 seat New York	York	PROPN	Hippodrome	PROPN	 Hippodrome
It goes through the town of Goldsby and then ends at I 35. The highway's northern section begins at a stack interchange with Interstate 44 in Bethany. The first part of the northern section is a freeway, called the Lake Hefner Parkway because part of it	it	PRON	runs	VERB	 runs
Mount Royal Cemetery is a 165 acres (67 ha) terraced cemetery on the north slope of Mount Royal in the borough of Outremont. Notre Dame des Neiges Cemetery is much larger, predominantly French Canadian and officially Catholic. More than 900,000 people are buried there.	.	PUNCT	Mount	PROPN	 Mount
A violinist friend of Handel's, Matthew Dubourg, was in Dublin as the Lord Lieutenant's bandmaster; he would look after the tour's orchestral requirements. Whether Handel originally intended to perform Messiah in Dublin is uncertain; he did not inform Jennens of any such	such	ADJ	plan	NOUN	 plan
The essential process of dyeing requires soaking the material containing the dye (the dyestuff) in water, adding the textile to be dyed to the resulting solution (the dyebath), and bringing the solution to a simmer for an extended period, often measured in days	days	NOUN	or	CCONJ	 or
This treatment reflected elements in previous scripts: from the Stevens treatment, organic web shooters, and a villain who tempts Spider Man to join a coming " master race " of mutants; from the original screenplay and rewrite, weird electrical storms causing blackouts, freak magnetic	magnetic	ADJ	events	NOUN	 events
She met with Taylor to express a desire to work in the film. Taylor said: " Emma was completely awkward and dorky, with her raspy voice, and she sat down and we got a little intoxicated and had a blast, and I just thought,	,	PUNCT	'	PUNCT	 '
In the United States, cuts of beef for retail sale include various beefsteaks, as well as stew meat and hamburger meat. In the U.S. circa 1956, approximately 24% of retail beef cuts were beef steaks. Beef production is the largest single agriculture in the	the	DET	United	PROPN	 United
By that time, the 8th Army′ s force of combat troops were roughly equal to North Korean forces attacking the region, with new UN units arriving every day. While the 24th Infantry Division was fighting on the Korean western front, the 5th and 12th North Korean	Korean	PROPN	Infantry	PROPN	 Infantry
Rockefeller prevailed and the railroad sold its oil interests to Standard. But in the aftermath of that battle, in 1879 the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania indicted Rockefeller on charges of monopolizing the oil trade, starting an avalanche of similar court proceedings in other states and making a national	national	ADJ	issue	NOUN	 issue
In a reorganization in 1944, he lost responsibility for the implosion type fission weapon, but retained that for the design and development of the gun type fission weapon, which eventually became Little Boy. He was also responsible for the delivery program, codenamed Project Alberta.	.	PUNCT	He	PRON	 He
Protocols are often talked about in terms of their place in the OSI reference model (pictured on the right), which emerged in 1983 as the first step in an unsuccessful attempt to build a universally adopted networking protocol suite. For the Internet, the physical medium	medium	ADJ	and	CCONJ	 and
Clemmons did not return to school, and finished his education at eleventh grade. In 1989, a 17 year old Clemmons and two other accomplices robbed a woman at midnight in the parking lot of a Little Rock hotel bar. Clemmons pretended to have a gun in	in	ADP	his	PRON	 his
Songs on the album also incorporate experimental hip hop backing tracks and other hip hop elements in a surrealistic manner. The majority of the beats are dark, blunted, and hazy, and have been noted by music writers as conveying an urban soundscape and feeling of paranoia	paranoia	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
Under Douglas Home the colonies of Northern Rhodesia and Nyasaland gained independence, though this was as a result of negotiations led by Macleod under the Macmillan government. In Britain there was economic prosperity; exports " zoomed ", according to The Times, and the economy was	was	AUX	growing	VERB	 growing
Instead of ordering additional waves of troops to the slaughter, he should have retreated to a safe distance and considered alternative actions. The second failure was that he apparently never considered ordering a flanking maneuver against the French right. At a minimum this would have stretched the	the	DET	French	ADJ	 French
Wolpaw praised the design of the single player campaign, commenting that " you can sense the designers ' enthusiasm as one memorable scene unfolds after another, and it compels you to keep playing ". Although criticizing some elements of the game's artificial intelligence and describing some	some	PRON	of	ADP	 of
" Sorkin wrote 87 screenplays in all, which amounts to nearly every episode during the show's first four Emmy winning seasons. Sorkin describes his role in the creative process as " not so much [that of] a showrunner or a producer. I'm really	really	ADV	a	DET	 a
Following one dormant winter stage, the seed begins to germinate. In the second chapter, " Taking Root ", the embryonic root emerges through a small opening in the seed coat and through cell division, aided by plant hormones, it grows downward. Water and	and	CCONJ	nutrients	NOUN	 nutrients
As the armies assembled in their positions, the flanks and forward outposts encountered one another in several skirmishes; indeed, they had been skirmishing for seven days, until 19 March, when the outposts of both armies nearly overlapped. On the right wing, General Ferino	Ferino	PROPN	's	PART	's
Based on the theoretically predicted cross section, it was expected that an ununennium atom would be synthesized within five months of the beginning of the experiment. 249 97Bk + 50 22Ti → 299 119Uue * → 296 119Uue + 3 1 0n 249 97Bk + 50 22Ti →	→	ADP	299	NUM	 299
Although the league lost further clubs to the Combination, which was quicker to restart after the war, within a few years the League had regained its position of pre eminence in the region, increasing to almost twice its pre war size. During the 1952 – 53	53	NUM	season	NOUN	 season
For much of the country's dynastic era, opportunities for social advancement could be provided by high performance in the prestigious imperial examinations, which have their origins in the Han Dynasty. The literary emphasis of the exams affected the general perception of cultural refinement in China,	,	PUNCT	such	ADJ	 such
He resigned the position after one year, citing the fact that the role took too much time away from his business interests in Calgary, but reversed his decision on the understanding that he would not always be available to serve the NHL post. Despite this agreement,	,	PUNCT	he	PRON	 he
The production will continue to provide all the help we can to Gabriela and her family during this difficult time. " On May 2012, it was revealed that an $18 million settlement had been reached between Paramount and the Cedillo family. A second accident occurred on	on	ADP	October	PROPN	 October
She found the first few chapters somewhat repetitive as it expressed the uniformity of the school's practices. Richard V. Pierard (Christian Century) felt that Peshkin wrote with " deeply respect " for the school and its community, but Pierard, himself an evangelical, was	was	AUX	"	PUNCT	 "
The friendliness and charity of our countrymen can always be relied upon to relieve their fellow citizens in misfortune. This has been repeatedly and quite lately demonstrated. Federal aid in such cases encourages the expectation of paternal care on the part of the government and weakens the sturdiness	sturdiness	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
" The first section of the Creek Turnpike to open was a 3.6 mile (5.8 km) segment from Delaware Avenue to its eastern terminus at Memorial Drive, which opened to traffic at 7 p.m. on March 13, 1992. Tolls were waived until 12: 01	01	NUM	a.m.	NOUN	 a.m.
The second / third section, The Swan of Tuonela, is often heard separately. Finlandia, probably the best known of all Sibelius's works, is a highly patriotic piece which was first performed in November 1899 as one of the tableaux for the Finnish Press Celebrations	Celebrations	PROPN	.	PUNCT	.
Popcorn is served as a free hors d'oeuvre. Other food items include milkshakes, hot fudge sundaes, seafood salad, turkey sloppy joes, fried pickles, St. Louis style barbecue ribs, beef and blue cheese salads, sautéed shrimp with farfalle, French fries, cucumber	cucumber	PROPN	salads	NOUN	 salads
His wife, Maria, was never heard from again. Years later, in the late 1980s, a young American boy named Ninten is attacked at home in a paranormal event. His father explains that Ninten's great grandfather studied psychic powers, and asks Ninten to	to	PART	investigate	VERB	 investigate
Brown flew 20 missions in country. These missions included attacks on communication lines, troop concentrations, and military installations around Wonsan, Chongpu, Songjim, and Senanju. Following the entrance of the People's Republic of China into the war in late November 1950, Brown	Brown	PROPN	and	CCONJ	 and
0.6% percent of respondents reported feeling addicted to or dependent on salvia at some point, and 1.2% reported strong cravings. About this the researchers said " there were too few of these individuals to interpret their reports with any confidence ". Most users report no	no	DET	hangover	NOUN	 hangover
It is a synthetic element (an element that can be created in a laboratory but is not found in nature) and radioactive; the most stable known isotope, 269Hs, has a half life of approximately 9.7 seconds, although an unconfirmed metastable state, 277mHs,	,	PUNCT	may	AUX	 may
Following his first championship ring in 1999, Sports Illustrated described him as a " quiet, boring MVP ", a characterization which persists today. Duncan himself commented on his " boring " image, stating: " If you show excitement, then you also may show	show	VERB	disappointment	NOUN	 disappointment
The courts will not, however, give any consideration to what the infringer thought his work was for, or rely on a subjective test in any way; as in Hyde Park Residence v Yelland, it is not seen as necessary " for the court to put	put	VERB	itself	PRON	 itself
Another passenger from the flight was placed in handcuffs after a dog alerted officers to his carry on luggage; he was searched, and released without charges. For several days following, federal officials denied that this second handcuffing had occurred, they later reversed this position,	,	PUNCT	confirming	VERB	 confirming
Most of the leading writers, such as Jonathan Swift, Alexander Pope, and Henry Fielding, were excluded from contention for the laureateship because they were Tories. Cibber's verses had few admirers even in his own time, and Cibber acknowledged cheerfully that he did not	not	PART	think	VERB	 think
The Puerto Rico Department of the Family currently provides the benefits to each participating family through a debit card, which replaced the physical cheques in the early 2000s. The monthly benefit is deposited through an electronic benefit transfer (EBT) system into a government designated personal bank	bank	NOUN	account	NOUN	 account
The liquid or gaseous product (the alkali metal) then undergoes fractional distillation for purification. Lithium, sodium, and potassium have many applications, while rubidium and caesium are very useful in academic contexts but do not have many applications yet. Lithium is often used in	in	ADP	batteries	NOUN	 batteries
He conducted an unusual campaign for the Democratic nomination in 1972 for Vice President of the United States, and then played a crucial role in getting Congressional approval for the Trans Alaska pipeline in 1973. He was re elected to the Senate in 1974, but gradually alienated	alienated	VERB	most	ADJ	 most
The idea for the exhibition was conceived after Van Sant introduced unused footage from the 1991 film to Franco, inspiring him to turn it into something more. Unfinished opened from February 26 to April 9 at the Gagosian Gallery in Beverly Hills. On February 27, 2011	2011	NUM	,	PUNCT	,
These public universities are two of just eight across the city; other prominent state universities in Istanbul include the Mimar Sinan Fine Arts University, which served as Turkey's primary institution of art until the 1970s, and Marmara University, the country's third largest institution of	of	ADP	higher	ADJ	 higher
Helmkampf, Bruchhaus and Hausdorf (2008) summarise several authors ' embryological and morphological analyses which doubt or disagree that phoronids and brachiopods are deuterostomes: While deuterostomes have three coelomic cavities, lophophorates such as phoronids and brachiopods have only two. Pterobranchs may be a sub group	group	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
Minogue was praised for her new material and her reinterpretations of some of her greatest successes. She won a " Mo Award " for Australian live entertainment as " Performer of the Year ". She also appeared in the 2001 film, Moulin Rouge! as " The	The	DET	Green	PROPN	 Green
A week before the release of Jab Tak Hai Jaan and Son of Sardaar, the commission dismissed Devgn's claim. In an interview a commission spokesperson said, " We considered the plea application. We have not found any merit in the case as there is no	no	DET	case	NOUN	 case
During his tenure, the defense was ranked among the highest in the nation. After working for his father for two years with the NFL's Arizona Cardinals, Ryan returned to college coaching as the defensive coordinator for the Cincinnati Bearcats. The Bearcats won the first Humanitarian	Humanitarian	PROPN	Bowl	PROPN	 Bowl
Hartwell states that this shift of power was the result of the professional elite's lineage strategies being undermined by the rise of factional partisan politics in the latter half of the 11th century. Before the 1080s, the majority of officials drafted came from a regionally diverse background	background	NOUN	;	PUNCT	;
She felt that the episode was flawed in its " cop out " ending and Jack's handling of Gwen but in her conclusion noted it be " the first episode of Torchwood that left me choked up, crying with Gwen at the end ". Airlock Alpha's	's	PART	Alan	PROPN	 Alan
An acute nosebleed may be managed with a variety of measures, such as packing of the nasal cavity with absorbent swabs or gels. Removal of the packs after the bleeding may lead to reopening of the fragile vessels, and therefore lubricated or atraumatic packing is recommended.	.	PUNCT	Some	DET	 Some
Belvoir Hospital, an effort Sen. Webb called “ a tribute to Congressman Moran's persistence. ” Moran was in favor of stronger prohibitions against animal fighting. He sponsored legislation to penalize those who " knowingly attend animal fights and allow minors to attend. " He sponsored	sponsored	VERB	legislation	NOUN	 legislation
He coined the terms the First Decimation of 844, which he saw as the removal of public dues on a tenth of all bookland, and the Second Decimation of 854, the donation of a tenth of " the private domain of the royal house " to the	the	DET	churches	NOUN	 churches
" Along with Albini in the studio, Q Division's Jon Lupfer acted as studio assistant. The recording process took the entire booked period of ten working days to complete, with extra vocal mixes subsequently added in the studio. Albini planned to mix the record "	"	PUNCT	somewhere	ADV	 somewhere
" Arms Alchemy ") is a manga series written and drawn by Nobuhiro Watsuki. It follows Kazuki Muto, who becomes an alchemical warrior in the battle against alchemical monsters known as homunculi. Watsuki envisioned the manga as his last shōnen manga, and then he tried	tried	VERB	to	PART	 to
The score for Halloween II is a variation of John Carpenter's compositions from the first film, particularly the main theme's familiar piano melody played. The score was performed on a synthesizer organ rather than the piano used for Halloween. One reviewer for the BBC described	described	VERB	the	DET	 the
Schumacher, running on Bridgestone tyres, won the next two races. After Montoya was penalised in the United States Grand Prix, only Schumacher and Räikkönen remained in contention for the title. At the final round, the Japanese Grand Prix, Schumacher needed only one point	point	NOUN	whilst	SCONJ	 whilst
He had previously directed episodes of other shows in the franchise, including the hundredth episode of Star Trek: Voyager, " Timeless ". In this episode, Tucker states that his commanding officer at the testing facility is Captain Jefferies, this is a direct reference to	to	ADP	Matt	PROPN	 Matt
Twining found he could not compete with natural ice, but in Melbourne Harrison's plant came to dominate the market. Australia's distance from New England, where journeys could take 115 days, and the consequent high level of wastage – 150 tons of the first 400	400	NUM	ton	NOUN	 ton
The fourth tropical storm and the second severe cyclonic storm of the 2000 North Indian Ocean cyclone season, it developed from an area of disturbed weather on December 25, 2000. It moved westward, and quickly strengthened under favorable conditions to reach top wind speeds of 75	75	NUM	mph	NOUN	 mph
Key has in the past noted others ' concern at the pace of asset sales, but argued that the arguments against selling assets in the 1980s were largely irrational. In a 2002 interview he said " some form of orientation towards privatisation " in health, education and	and	CCONJ	superannuation	NOUN	 superannuation
The community considered a proposal to construct a canal between the lake and the town to be developed into a marina - resort - tourism area. Traffic around this tourist town of 864 increases between 650 and 1050 vpd. At the junction of Highway 25 is the town	town	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
Users can use text chat and peer to peer VoIP with other users, identify which games their friends and other group members are playing, and join and invite friends to Steamworks based multiplayer games that support this feature. Users can participate in forums hosted by Valve to	to	PART	discuss	VERB	 discuss
Animated graphics of turntables, faders and other club equipment were projected behind the dancers and musicians. Beyoncé was accompanied by two drummers, two keyboardists, a percussionist, a horn section, three imposing backup vocalists called the Mamas and a lead guitarist, Bibi McGill.	.	PUNCT	"	PUNCT	 "
This freeway was proposed to be incorporated into the Interstate Highway System in 1970; however, this was denied. By the end of the 1970s, the US 322 freeway was canceled due to the desire to use highway funds for mass transit. However, plans resurfaced	resurfaced	VERB	for	ADP	 for
George started working in wheat and sugar beet fields at the age of eleven and was the valedictorian at his grammar school graduation in 1921 (by the sixth grade he had attended six different schools). The Depression of 1920 – 21 brought a collapse in prices and	and	CCONJ	local	ADJ	 local
According to his plot, which was to be carried out on July 27, during the festival celebrations for Santiago (St. James), several slaves were to escape from various plantations in Bayamón, which included the haciendas of Angus McBean, C. Kortnight, Miguel Andino	Andino	PROPN	and	CCONJ	 and
The first recorded use of the word as a color term in Old English dates to ca. AD 700. Latin with viridis also has a genuine and widely used term for " green ". Related to virere " to grow " and ver " spring ",	,	PUNCT	it	PRON	 it
His devotion to precise spelling was meticulous; for example, having originally used eo and e inconsistently for words such as " beon " and " kneow, " which had been spelled with eo in Old English, at line 13,000 he changed his mind and went back	back	ADV	to	PART	 to
Jäger's report provides an almost daily running total of the liquidations of 137,346 people, the vast majority of them Jews. The report documents the exact date and place of massacres, the number of victims, and their breakdown into categories (Jews, Communists, criminals	criminals	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
According to research compiled by the U.S. Geological Survey (USGS), there were eighteen glaciers atop Mount Kenya in 1900, and by 1986 only eleven remained. The total area covered by glaciers was 1.6 km2 (0.62 sq mi) in 1900, however by the	the	DET	year	NOUN	 year
Up to two children under the age of 5 ride free with a chaperone paying full or reduced fare for themselves. Fares also change based on service level, with local service within Snohomish County costing the least and commuter service to Seattle being more expensive; commuter service	service	NOUN	from	ADP	 from
" The sled was sold to an anonymous bidder for $233,500. Welles's Oscar for Best Original Screenplay was believed to be lost until it was rediscovered in 1994. It was withdrawn from a 2007 auction at Sotheby's when bidding failed to reach its estimate of	of	ADP	$	SYM	 $
While not in agreement, Emil Schürer also acknowledged that such a translation can be justified grammatically. According to Josephus, the tax census conducted by the Roman senator Quirinius particularly irritated the Jews, and was one of the causes of the Zealot movement of armed resistance to	to	ADP	Rome	PROPN	 Rome
After starting the first three games at right tackle in 1997, Davis was benched in favor of backup Matt Willig on September 18. Davis did not play in the remaining thirteen games of the season, and was waived by the team on February 11, 1998.	.	PUNCT	The	DET	 The
The Medway long barrows all conformed to the same general design plan, and are all aligned on an east to west axis. Each had a stone chamber at the eastern end of the mound, and they each probably had a stone facade flanking the entrance. The	The	DET	chambers	NOUN	 chambers
They moved on to sign a deal with MCA Records, to release an album based on the songs, however with extremely poor royalty rates since the record company executives did not expect the album to be a success. In the meantime, singers for all the other	other	ADJ	roles	NOUN	 roles
Banksia. They have refrained from publishing a full arrangement of Banksia until DNA sampling of Dryandra is complete; in the meantime, if Mast and Thiele's nomenclatural changes are taken as an interim arrangement, then B. caleyi is placed in B. subg. Banksia. Banksia	Banksia	PROPN	caleyi	NOUN	 caleyi
Plaza Sésamo debuted in Mexico on the Televisa network in 1972. According to Sesame Street producer Gregory J. Gettas, Plazo Sésamo was one of Sesame Street's first true co productions, programs that were developed using a variant of a flexible model, called the CTW model	model	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
" A painting constructed with linear perspective is a cross section of that pyramid. In De Prospectiva Pingendi, Piero transforms his empirical observations of the way aspects of a figure change with point of view into mathematical proofs. His treatise starts in the vein of Euclid:	:	PUNCT	he	PRON	 he
Michael Gambon as Albus Dumbledore, the legendary Hogwarts headmaster and leader of the Order of the Phoenix. Brendan Gleeson as Mad Eye Moody, Harry's ex Defense Against the Dark Arts teacher and a member of the Order of the Phoenix. Richard Griffiths as Vernon Dursley	Dursley	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
Its creators believed that if children were more involved in what they were viewing, they would attend to its content longer than previously expected — for up to a half hour — and learn more. They also dropped the magazine format for a more traditional narrative format.	.	PUNCT	As	SCONJ	 As
He was one of Mexico's most wanted drug lords. Very few details are known of Moreno González's early life, but the authorities believe that religion played a major role in his upbringing. Although born in Michoacán, Moreno González moved to the United States as	as	ADP	a	DET	 a
Anionic halide compounds of niobium are well known, owing in part to the Lewis acidity of the pentahalides. The most important is [NbF7] 2 −, an intermediate in the separation of Nb and Ta from the ores. This heptafluoride tends to form the oxopentafluoride	oxopentafluoride	NOUN	more	ADV	 more
A bond issue for the various construction projects was approved by voters June 24, 1919. Initially, the school board had planned to build the school on property along South Water Street adjacent to downtown, but decided against this citing the need for a larger lot and	and	CCONJ	building	NOUN	 building
The Croatian Mine Action Centre is a public sector body tasked with planning and conducting demining surveys, accepting cleared areas, marking mine suspected areas, quality assurance, demining research and development, and victim assistance. The work of the Croatian Mine Action Centre is supervised by	by	ADP	the	DET	 the
Historian Adam McLean has suggested that the garden is associated with the Rosicrucians, and " should be seen as an early 17th century Mystery Temple ". McLean describes the garden as a place of instruction, and remarks that the whole structure is reminiscent of " Eliphas Levi	Levi	PROPN	's	PART	's
To escape from the crowds, Presley would climb to the roof of one house and cross over onto the roof of the other. After a fan discovered his path, he resided on the tenth floor of the Beverly Wilshire Hotel, which was rented for the whole	whole	ADJ	cast	NOUN	 cast
Verdi was to comment in 1868 that Rossini and his followers missed " the golden thread that binds all the parts together and, rather than a set of numbers without coherence, makes an opera. " Tinta was for Verdi this " golden thread ", an essential	essential	ADJ	unifying	NOUN	 unifying
Although it declined, construction did not halt. Occupation at Group D in the site core continued while Late Classic structures at La Trinidad de Nosotros were modified in the Terminal Classic. There is little evidence for Terminal Classic occupation at the smaller satellite sites. An inscription	inscription	NOUN	dating	VERB	 dating
" Gerrick Kennedy of the Los Angeles Times expressed a similar sentiment, stating: " Here we have an episode bluntly addressing the complexities of disability and doing so with so much respect and dignity, and there are complaints about Artie not being wheelchair bound in real life	life	NOUN	?	PUNCT	?
Yorkshire did not allocate him to a local club, their practice towards promising cricketers at the time. Hirst was nevertheless impressed by Verity and recommended him to Accrington Cricket Club, a team in the Lancashire League looking for a professional cricketer. After a trial, Verity	Verity	PROPN	signed	VERB	 signed
It was only partly successful because of two main reasons. Firstly, some of the successful Filipino sectors ran low on ammunition and food, and were thus forced to withdraw to Polo. Secondly, Luna failed to relieve the Kapampangan militia, already past their prime,	,	PUNCT	when	SCONJ	 when
The Albanian government, in agreement with the Commission, had the right to appoint and dismiss governors and upper rank officials, taking into account the demographic composition of the local religious communities. Other terms included the proportional recruitment of natives into the local gendarmerie, and the	the	DET	prohibition	NOUN	 prohibition
On the week labeled February 13, 2010, due to radio impact, the song debuted at forty on the US Pop Songs chart, and was the Hot Shot Debut at thirty nine on the Hot Dance / Club Play Songs chart where it peaked at number one	one	NUM	.	PUNCT	.
On 15 October 1918, he was temporarily blinded in a mustard gas attack and was hospitalised in Pasewalk. While there, Hitler learnt of Germany's defeat, and — by his own account — upon receiving this news, he suffered a second bout of blindness.	.	PUNCT	Hitler	PROPN	 Hitler
Silesius's mystical beliefs caused tension between him and Lutheran authorities and led to his eventual conversion to Catholicism. He took holy orders under the Franciscans and was ordained a priest in 1661. Ten years later, in 1671, he retired to a Jesuit house where he	he	PRON	remained	VERB	 remained
In its original American broadcast, " Bart the General " finished 31st place in the weekly ratings for the week of January 29 - February 4, 1990 with a Nielsen rating of 14.3. It was the highest rated show on the Fox Network that week. Since	Since	SCONJ	airing	VERB	 airing
Eagle became immensely popular with people of all ages and walks of life. Copies brought into school regularly found their way into the hands of staff, who enjoyed them almost as much as the children they taught. The Lancet reported on one doctor who read Eagle on	on	ADP	his	PRON	 his
Ohio is home to major retailers such as Macy's, Elder Beerman, Luxottica, Abercrombie & Fitch Co., Limited Brands, Victoria's Secret, Pink (Victoria's Secret), Bath & Body Works, Express, Big Lots, Inc., Value City,	,	PUNCT	Tween	PROPN	 Tween
In 1868, the Irish natural scientist Edward Perceval Wright obtained several small whale shark specimens in the Seychelles, but claimed to have observed specimens in excess of 15 m (49.2 ft), and tells of shark specimens surpassing 21 m (68.9 ft). In	In	ADP	a	DET	 a
At the time, the West Indies had a practice of picking their captain from the colony that the match was being played in, and Fernandes was granted the honour for the match in British Guiana. The West Indies won the match, their maiden victory in Test	Test	NOUN	cricket	NOUN	 cricket
The Grammy Awards (Grammys) is an annual ceremony that was established in 1958 and was originally called the Gramophone Awards; awards are presented by the National Academy of Recording Arts and Sciences of the United States to " honor artistic achievement, technical proficiency and overall excellence	excellence	NOUN	in	ADP	 in
However, that was the club's only defeat in the League all season, and Crystal Palace won the championship and were promoted to the Southern League First Division. The season included a run of seventeen straight victories, and a 9 – 1 win over Grays United	United	PROPN	at	ADP	 at
The museum then moved to the basement of a theater in Dedham. Explaining the reasoning behind the museum's establishment, co founder Jerry Reilly said in 1995: " While every city in the world has at least one museum dedicated to the best of art, MOBA	MOBA	PROPN	is	AUX	 is
The episode was seen as a take on " Beauty and the Beast ", with Sterling required to wear a full head prosthetic when Tarquin was in his non human form. Several sets were created in a gothic style to represent Tarquin's home, while the anomalies	anomalies	NOUN	created	VERB	 created
They each fired a torpedo at the British cruiser before turning back toward the German line without using their searchlights or guns to avoid drawing the British toward the German battleships. By 04: 00 on 1 June, the German fleet had evaded the British fleet and reached	reached	VERB	Horns	PROPN	 Horns
This was the most successful engagement fought by the RAAF over Darwin up to that time, and General MacArthur sent a congratulatory message to the defenders. The battle also received positive media coverage which restored public confidence in No. 1 Wing. The facilities which housed No	No	PROPN	.	NOUN	.
Also participating in the production of TAM and variant components were Argentine companies Military Factories General San Martín (manufacturing the chassis), Río Tercero (turret and armament) and Bator Cocchis, S.A. The TAM has never been exported, although a number of nations were interested	interested	ADJ	in	ADP	 in
Street Fighter: The Movie used digitized images from the Street Fighter film. While a home video game also titled Street Fighter: The Movie was released for the PlayStation and Sega Saturn, it is not a port but a separately produced game based on the same premise	premise	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
She continued to miss all but a handful of shows during the U.S. third leg, including only making it to two of the five final Giants Stadium performances. As on the Magic Tour, Tyrell assumed a more prominent role when Scialfa was absent. (Despite consistently	consistently	ADV	having	VERB	 having
In 1934, she published The Red Network — A Who's Who and Handbook of Radicalism for Patriots, which catalogs over 1,300 suspected communists and their sympathizers. Her books and lecture tours established her as the pre eminent female right wing activist of the 1930s, and	and	CCONJ	one	NUM	 one
They were persuaded not to sign the enlistment papers. Instead, Joyce C. Stearns, the head of the physics department at the University of Denver, persuaded Agnew to come with him to the University of Chicago, where Stearns became the deputy head of the Metallurgical Laboratory	Laboratory	PROPN	.	PUNCT	.
The shrine door has some traces of sculpture (a boy, a fat figure, alligators on the frieze, and broken animal figures at the head of a doorjamb). The door keepers of the shrine are now in fragments. A little to the south of	of	ADP	the	DET	 the
As the German offensive ran out of momentum, the battalion kept up the pressure on the German line through a series of peaceful penetrations, before subsequently taking part in the Allied Hundred Days Offensive, which was launched near Amiens on 8 August 1918. As a part	part	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
Patrician Bonus ' galleys rammed and destroyed the Slavic boats; the Avar land assault from 6 to 7 August also failed. With the news that Theodore had decisively triumphed over Shahin (supposedly leading Shahin to die from depression), the Avars retreated to the Balkan hinterland	hinterland	NOUN	within	ADP	 within
Extended Play's Bub mentioned that the advanced settings resulted in slowdown and crashes. Game Informer's Matt Helgeson noticed little difference between the visuals of the original and the port. When Grand Theft Auto III was released to mobile devices in December 2011, it received generally	generally	ADV	positive	ADJ	 positive
A series of solidly constructed cairns currently (September 2009) marks the upper reaches of the Pony Track. The north face of Ben Nevis is riven with buttresses, ridges, towers and pinnacles, and contains many classic scrambles and rock climbs. It is of major	major	ADJ	importance	NOUN	 importance
Japan's Computer Entertainment Rating Organization (CERO) rated Ninja Gaiden and Black, on their release, as 18 + games. At the time, CERO ratings acted as guidelines for consumers. However, on March 1, 2006, the Japanese rating system changed.	.	PUNCT	A	DET	 A
Finschhafen was destined to become the new hub of US activity in Papua New Guinea; but an enormous amount of work was required to get the base ready for action. For his service in New Guinea, Johns was awarded the Distinguished Service Medal. In 1944,	,	PUNCT	Johns	PROPN	 Johns
This made the gape wide enough to allow Smilodon to grasp large prey despite the long canines. Many Smilodon specimens have been excavated from asphalt seeps that acted as natural carnivore traps. Animals were accidentally trapped in the seeps and became bait for predators that came to scavenge	scavenge	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
McHale was the show's lead writer for several years, and was the first British writer ever to become the " showrunner " of a major prime time drama. Under his tenure as executive producer, attempts were made at modernising the programme and appealing to a younger	younger	ADJ	audience	NOUN	 audience
He picked up a minor injury in a 1 – 1 draw with Charlton Athletic on 2 February 2010 and he was able to feature in the next game, a 0 – 0 draw with Bristol Rovers. During Walsall's 2 – 1 victory at Leeds United on	on	ADP	16	NUM	 16
The agency provided $10 million for debris removal and rebuilding public buildings. In December 2002, Typhoon Pongsona struck Guam and caused additional flooding and damage. On August 7, President George W. Bush also declared Rota to be a disaster area, which provided funding for	for	ADP	debris	NOUN	 debris
" Kevin Flynn, in his book on commemorative coins, described the branch on which the owl perches as that of a ponderosa pine tree; several cones are visible. The design on the octagonal piece is smaller than on the round, to allow space for the	the	DET	border	NOUN	 border
The film's premise was influenced by the Marvel Comics storylines Weapon X and God Loves, Man Kills. Filming began in June 2002 and ended that November. Most of the filming took place at Vancouver Film Studios, the largest North American production facility outside of Los	Los	PROPN	Angeles	PROPN	 Angeles
Fox " just barely " renewed the series for a second season. The cost of episodes in season two was $1.3 million each. After the planned director for the final episode fell through, Cameron decided to step in and fill the position. He did this	this	PRON	partially	ADV	 partially
The landlord of the Corn Exchange invoked a force majeure condition in the lease to evict all tenants, and the building was converted into a shopping centre. The dome of the Royal Exchange shifted in the blast; its reconstruction took two and a half years and cost	cost	VERB	£	SYM	 £
Two depictions, from a review of Juba at the Vauxhall Gardens, published in The Puppet Show on August 12, 1848, show a drunken man imitating Juba's performance; he seems to be doing a cake walk, his leg kicked high, his hat in	in	ADP	his	PRON	 his
After seeing the success of Pong, Konami decided to break into the arcade game market and released its first title, Maze. Its moderate success drove the company to develop more titles. Pong has also been used in programming classrooms to teach the fundamentals of languages such	such	ADJ	as	ADP	 as
In 1942 George VI wished to award Coward a knighthood for his efforts, but was dissuaded by Winston Churchill. Mindful of the public view of Coward's flamboyant lifestyle, Churchill used, as his reason for withholding the honour, Coward's £200 fine for contravening	contravening	VERB	currency	NOUN	 currency
Neil Roberts of The Sun and Tom Charity of Time Out subscribe to the theory that Betty is Diane's projection of a happier life. Roger Ebert and Jonathan Ross seem to accept this interpretation, but both hesitate to overanalyze the movie. Ebert states, " There	There	PRON	is	VERB	 is
The fungus also decreases the organic carbon and nitrogen concentrations. Soil with the mycelium becomes more podzolized than the surrounding soil. Similar to some other Hydnellum species, H. ferrugineum is sensitive to the increased nitrogen deposition resulting from clear cutting, a forestry practice used in some	some	DET	areas	NOUN	 areas
In December 1852, the mill complex was valued at £75,000; when George Murray died in 1855, two of his three sons – James and Benjamin – inherited the complex. By 1881, A & G Murray had become registered as a limited liability company and	and	CCONJ	the	DET	 the
Non permanent members will probably be mature citizens who have rendered distinguished public service, or are prominent members of their professions. A member may be disqualified if he is found to be of unsound mind, if he becomes insolvent or is an undischarged bankrupt, if he	he	PRON	is	AUX	 is
His findings led him to dismiss fragments of helmet domes discovered by restorators beneath modern onion domes as post Petrine stylisations intended to reproduce the familiar forms of Byzantine cupolas. Zagraevsky also indicated that the oldest depictions of the two Vladimir cathedrals represent them as having onion domes,	,	PUNCT	prior	ADV	 prior
' " Their fourth album Suck It and See sees the band exploring styles, mixing them with newfound maturity. Turner said: " I think the new album is a balance between our first three. There's nothing about taxi ranks or anything like that, but	but	CCONJ	there	PRON	 there
The dura, a tough, inflexible tissue, is the outermost of the three layers of the meninges, the system of meninges surrounding the brain and spinal cord. A spontaneous cerebrospinal fluid leak is one of several types of cerebrospinal fluid leaks and occurs due to the	the	DET	presence	NOUN	 presence
In Australia, " Honey " peaked at number eight on the charts, spending a total of 19 weeks in the chart. It was certified gold by the Australian Recording Industry Association (ARIA), denoting shipments of over 35,000 units. In New Zealand, the	the	DET	song	NOUN	 song
His birth name is Ffamran mied Bunansa, and he is the estranged son of Doctor Cid, one of the game's primary antagonists. Balthier later appears in Final Fantasy XII: Revenant Wings and in a cameo appearance in Final Fantasy Tactics: War of the Lions	Lions	PROPN	.	PUNCT	.
As she and the pets spend time together, they find the pet shop jeopardized by larger pet store managed by Fisher Biskit (Samuel Vincent) and his snooty twin daughters, Whittany and Brittany Biskit (Shannon Chan Kent). To avoid being dispersed, the pets	pets	NOUN	convince	VERB	 convince
Dr. Sivarama Krishnayya and C.V.V. Panthulu played the role of Rama Rao's father in the Telugu and Tamil versions. Padmanabham played two roles; a postman and Ranga Rao's friend. The child artists in the film were members of Nyapathi Raghavarao's ' Balanandam ' troupe	troupe	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
In series that saw four of the five ODIs truncated by rain, Harbhajan took five wickets at 29.60 at an economy rate of 5.69. He took 3 / 27 in the opening match, and then took 2 / 56 from ten overs in the third game,	,	PUNCT	in	ADP	 in
" Agron commented: " Yes, there is a stereotype with these characters and it wouldn't be fair if [those stereotypes] didn't exist a little bit. But [co creator] Ryan Murphy has a way of taking everything and turning it upside down	down	ADV	.	PUNCT	.
" Sunset " was later serviced to American modern rock radio on 28 January 2013. To test if the xx could replicate their debut album's viral success, Young Turks ' parent label XL Recordings approached technology companies and agreed to a deal with Microsoft to create a	a	DET	visualisation	NOUN	 visualisation
According to the UK Government review, the Burns Inquiry (published in 2000), hare coursing was taking place in Pakistan, Portugal and Spain. Pakistan has officially prohibited the use of dogs or hawks for coursing unless a special licence is issued for carrying out such	such	ADJ	activity	NOUN	 activity
In the days following the crash, a man named Clarence Bean, Jr., claimed that his pregnant girlfriend, Diane Chorba, was on the flight, but Cook County medical examiners assigned the task of identifying the crash victims later disproved this. Bean was found guilty	guilty	ADJ	of	ADP	 of
In this way, they could vote in state and national elections in the hope of filling the legislature with legislators who favored suffrage. Stevens registered to vote in Kansas that year. On 5 June 1916, the CUWS became the National Woman's Party (NWP)	)	PUNCT	,	PUNCT	,
The Latin Church is part of Western Christianity, a heritage of certain beliefs and customs originating in various European countries, some of which are inherited by many Christian denominations that trace their origins to the Protestant Reformation. Relatively small in terms of adherents compared to the Latin	Latin	PROPN	Church	PROPN	 Church
They were hunted not only for food, but also for their skins, used to make boats, and their subcutaneous fat, used for oil lamps. By 1768, Steller's sea cow was extinct. As furs were depleted on nearby islands, Russian traders sailed	sailed	VERB	farther	ADV	 farther
Further attempts of a pioneer government floundered until the numbers of American increased from travel over the Oregon Trail. Initiated by William Gray, the " Wolf Meetings " of early 1843 created a bounty system on predators of settler livestock. Further discussions began among the settlers until	until	SCONJ	A	DET	 A
Before its collapse in 2003, the bridge was 301 feet (92 m) tall and 2,052 feet (625 m) long. The bridge was originally built from iron in 1882 and was billed as the " Eighth Wonder of the World ", holding the record	record	NOUN	as	ADP	 as
Obama then performs the song " Honestly Sincere " from the stage musical and film Bye Bye Birdie. " New Kidney in Town " was broadcast on January 9, 2011, as a part of an animated television night on Fox, and was preceded by The Simpsons	Simpsons	PROPN	and	CCONJ	 and
In addition, Finland received Petsamo, with its ice free harbour on the Arctic Ocean. Despite the signing of the treaty, relations between the two countries remained strained. The Finnish government allowed volunteers to cross the border to support the East Karelian Uprising in 1921,	,	PUNCT	and	CCONJ	 and
Crispi promised important measures of land reform for the near future. He was not blind to the misery and the need for social reform. Before 1891 he had been the patron of the Sicilian working class and many of their associations had been named after him. Colajanni	Colajanni	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
Åkerfeldt later discovered progressive rock and folk music, both of which had a profound impact on the sound of the band. Opeth's distinct sound mixes death metal with progressive rock. Steve Huey of Allmusic refers to Opeth's " epic, progressive death metal style.	.	PUNCT	"	PUNCT	 "
Mr. Blue is actually cellular biologist Dr. Samuel Sterns, who tells Banner he has developed a possible antidote to Banner's condition. After a successful test, he warns Banner that the antidote may only reverse each individual transformation. Sterns reveals he has synthesized Banner's blood	blood	NOUN	samples	NOUN	 samples
In 1979, General Foods introduced Pudding Pops, the company's first frozen dessert product. With Cosby as spokesperson, it sold US $100 million its first year. After introducing Gelatin Pops and frozen Fruit Bars, the company's frozen desserts sales reached $300	300	NUM	million	NUM	 million
Nearly 2000 people, including many official guests representing the Israeli and United States governments, came to witness the dedication, along with hundreds of tourists, American students, and Israelis. An Israeli children's band played Hatikva, the Israeli national anthem, along with the	the	DET	U.S.	PROPN	 U.S.
Groups do not defend exclusive territories, but rather several groups have overlapping home ranges. However, if two groups meet each group will aggressively attempt to evict the other. On average, groups travel up to about 750 metres (2,460 ft) each day. The	The	DET	mantled	ADJ	 mantled
Van Gogh stayed within what he called the " guise of reality ", and was critical of overly abstract or stylised works. He did try his hand at stylisation and abstraction, notably with Starry Night – but he said about that painting that reality had " receded	receded	VERB	too	ADV	 too
Thereafter the bridge was captured following a simultaneous assault from both sides. The Italian defenders from the 120th Coastal Infantry Regiment abandoned their pillboxes on the north bank. The British platoon then dismantled some demolition charges that had been fitted to the bridge and dug in to wait	wait	VERB	for	ADP	 for
Peterle replaced the head of his campaign, and concentrated on questioning Türk's role in the 1991 secession from Yugoslavia. Peterle alleged that at the time when he, as Prime Minister, struggled for Slovenia's independence, Türk continued to act as an official representative of	of	ADP	Yugoslavia	PROPN	 Yugoslavia
Compared with the rest of England, the city had an above average proportion of foreign born residents, at around 12%. Ninety five percent of residents were recorded as white; the largest minority group was recorded as Asian, at 1.8% of the population.	.	PUNCT	Religion	PROPN	 Religion
Concert shows were held at Europe, North America, Asia, Australia and Africa. Minogue's costumes and wardrobe was designed by her frequent collaborators Domenico Dolce and Stefano Gabbana, owners of the Italian luxury industry fashion house Dolce and Gabbana. The concert shows were spectacles	spectacles	NOUN	"	PUNCT	 "
There are primarily two feeding guilds in Lepidoptera – the nectarivorous who obtain the majority of their nutritional requirements from floral nectar and those of the frugivorous guild who feed primarily on juices of rotting fruit or fermenting tree sap. There are substantial differences between the morphology of the	the	DET	proboscises	NOUN	 proboscises
He came to brief fame in the months preceding the volcano's 1980 eruption after he stubbornly refused to leave his home despite evacuation orders, and he is presumed to have been killed in the eruption. He was the owner and caretaker of Mount St. Helens Lodge at	at	ADP	Spirit	PROPN	 Spirit
During these two extended absences, former Miss USA Summer Bartholomew was Stafford's most frequent substitute, with model Cynthia Washington and comedian Arte Johnson also filling in for Stafford. After Stafford left to become a humanitarian worker, over two hundred applicants signed up for a nationwide	nationwide	ADJ	search	NOUN	 search
2. " Hot Tottie " is an R & B song with hip hop tones, accompanied by strobing, electronic beats. It received positive reviews, with many critics noting it as a standout from the EP. It peaked at number twenty one on the US	US	PROPN	Billboard	PROPN	 Billboard
They were intercepted by a pair of Fulmars that damaged one bomber badly enough that it crash landed back at its base, although one Fulmar was also forced to crash land aboard Formidable. The next day Fulmars from 806 Squadron shot down one CANT Z.1007 bomber flying from	from	ADP	Cyrenica	PROPN	 Cyrenica
He said that it was " both brimming with narrative yet straining to fill its allotted time. " Adams argued that elements, like Toby's visit to the prison, seemed like tacked on codas intended to increase the length of the show. He also felt that	that	SCONJ	Odenkirk	PROPN	 Odenkirk
By the end of May 2003, the government had allocated RS17.29 million (LKR, $180,000 USD) for relief measures, including RS27,000 (LKR $280 USD) for each family to rebuild houses. The Sri Lankan government also set up a four person task	task	NOUN	force	NOUN	 force
The only reason why this became an issue is that there is a small but vociferous group of climate ' sceptics ' lobbying against taking action, so the BBC is behaving like a coward and refusing to take a more consistent stance. " Another critic, Friends of	of	ADP	the	DET	 the
Murphy is responsible for selecting all of the songs used, and strives to maintain a balance between show tunes and chart hits, as: " I want there to be something for everybody in every episode. That's a tricky mix, but that's very important	important	ADJ	–	PUNCT	 –
Autobot and Decepticon Transformers can be customized with parts earned through a ranking system or purchased through the game's marketplace. Several parts from famous Transformers can be used, such as heads, torsos, legs, and arms. Hundreds of pieces and color options are available	available	ADJ	.	PUNCT	.
You take great players as you find them. " With Duncan being healthy for 78 games and posting typical 20 / 10 numbers, San Antonio concluded the 2007 – 08 regular season with a 56 – 26 record, finishing behind the Lakers and New Orleans Hornets in	in	ADP	the	DET	 the
Only at Bayreuth could his last work be presented in the way envisaged by him – a tradition maintained by his wife, Cosima, long after his death. Secondly, he thought that the opera would provide an income for his family after his death if Bayreuth had	had	VERB	the	DET	 the
The route passes to the west of the Winterthur Museum and Country Estate and heads into the community of Centerville. DE 52 continues northwest to its northern terminus at the Pennsylvania border, where it continues into that state as PA 52 to Longwood Gardens and West Chester.	.	PUNCT	The	DET	 The
He suffered a stroke on the road between Delden and Nordhorn on 9 June 1727, and was taken by carriage to the Prince Bishop's palace at Osnabrück where he died in the early hours of 11 June 1727. He was buried in the chapel of Leine Castle	Castle	PROPN	but	CCONJ	 but
It was not well received on its release; Ganga Bruta was labeled " the worst film of all time " by critics and resulted in " huge financial losses " for Cinédia. Time Out Rio de Janeiro stated that " It was roundly rejected by traditional critics and	and	CCONJ	short	ADJ	 short
The process is most usually applied to white oak as this wood has a high tannin content. Red oak may turn greenish rather than deep brown. Other species may not darken so noticeably as white oak, or at all, depending on the tannin content. The	The	DET	effect	NOUN	 effect
It is the alternate road for U.S. Route 1 9 (US 1 9) that trucks must use because they are prohibited from using the Pulaski Skyway, which carries the main routes of US 1 9. It also serves traffic accessing the New Jersey Turnpike, Route	Route	PROPN	440	NUM	 440
Skanderbeg then returned to Barletta where he was reinforced by Ferdinand and his men. He then split his army into two, one under Alessandro Sforza's command, the other under his, and he approached Troia. Jean d'Anjou and Piccinino were stationed in Lucera, however	however	ADV	,	PUNCT	,
In Sweden, Laundry Service debuted atop the Sverigetopplistan chart and stayed on the top position for three weeks. It was certified double platinum by IFPI Sweden in 2003. In Switzerland, the album entered the Schweizer Hitparade chart at number 81 and peaked at number one,	,	PUNCT	spending	VERB	 spending
The E model is to be fit for maritime operations. The Army has expressed a desire to add extended range fuel tanks to the AH 64E to further increase range and endurance. AH 64Es are to have the L 3 Communications MUM TX datalink installed in place of	of	ADP	two	NUM	 two
The stairway had three steps, each with a tread of 0.6 metres (2.0 ft) and a riser measuring 0.35 metres (1.1 ft). Structure 1 experienced two construction phases, in the Late Classic and in the Terminal Classic. In its final form it	it	PRON	measured	VERB	 measured
Rudolph had cashed in his $60,000 pension fund to pay debts and he still owed an additional $100,000. While he refused to seek professional help, Rudolph cut back on his gambling habit later in his life. Rudolph was recommended by Eddie Gottlieb, coach and	and	CCONJ	owner	NOUN	 owner
Ecological science is used in the methods of sustainable harvesting, disease, and fire outbreak management, in fisheries stock management, for integrating land use with protected areas and communities, and conservation in complex geo political landscapes. The environment of ecosystems includes both physical parameters and	and	CCONJ	biotic	ADJ	 biotic
The Prussian commander attacked and pushed back Marmont late on 13 February. Nevertheless, the Emperor had read into his enemy ’ s intentions and directed powerful forces to support Marmont. On the morning of 14 February, Blücher, commanding a Prussian Corps and elements of two	two	NUM	Russian	PROPN	 Russian
When Orion Pictures acquired the rights to many of AIP's titles in the 1980s, they were unable to also purchase rights to the musical soundtracks of some of the films, and added synthesizer scores by composer Kendall Schmidt in lieu of the original music. Witchfinder General	General	PROPN	was	AUX	 was
The warrior swore his father's oath and was met by a cloaked figure known as The Giver, who guided him and followed him throughout his journey. Soon after, the warrior called upon Ares to save his people from the poisonous water; the god destroyed the	the	DET	aqueduct	NOUN	 aqueduct
The government of Mexico issued hurricane warnings for areas of the eastern coast of the Baja California Peninsula and the west coast of the mainland on September 21. Tropical storm warnings were issued for the Mexican coastline to the Colorado River on September 23, but were discontinued later	later	ADV	that	DET	 that
To make the game more interesting, Cook added the gumball bombs and tweaked the mechanism that caught them. He iterated through prototypes including a player controlled claw and an item that traversed the pipes before finally deciding on crosshairs for the player to fire. Cook also added	added	VERB	the	DET	 the
The Cape Fear shiner was only discovered in 1962 and described as a distinct species by Franklin F. Snelson, Jr. in 1971. The specific epithet is derived from the Greek mēkistos / μηκιστος - ' longest / tallest ' or ' very long ' (a superlative from	from	ADP	mēkos	PROPN	 mēkos
He was awarded a Master of Arts degree from George Washington University in 1963. In July 1963, he received command of an aircraft carrier, the USS Independence. Despite having limited experience with ships, Ramage had no trouble adjusting to commanding one. He never felt	felt	VERB	though	ADV	 though
He also taught a series of twenty lectures on philosophy and psychology at the Pacific Theological Seminary in Berkeley. His first daughter, Elenore, was born in 1900, and son James Malcolm around 1903. Stratton left Berkeley at end of June, 1904, and moved	moved	VERB	east	ADV	 east
That same day, Rear Admiral Chester Nimitz assumed command of Battleship Division One. Nimitz was relieved on 27 May 1939 by Rear Admiral Russell Willson. Arizona's last fleet problem was off Hawaii in April – May 1940. At its conclusion, the United States Pacific	Pacific	PROPN	Fleet	PROPN	 Fleet
Both Foraker and Hanna (who died of typhoid fever in February 1904) campaigned for what was dubbed the Four H ticket. Herrick and Harding won by overwhelming margins. Once he and Harding were inaugurated, Herrick made ill advised decisions that turned crucial Republican constituencies against	against	ADP	him	PRON	 him
This account was criticised by later biographers as incomplete, selective and self serving, and for providing a distorted picture of Mahler's life. The composer's daughter Anna Mahler became a well known sculptor; she died in 1988. The International Gustav Mahler Society was founded	founded	VERB	in	ADP	 in
The basic requirements of communal interests gave rise to risk sharing since the dawn of civilization. For example, people who lived their entire lives in a camp had the risk of fire, which would leave their band or family without shelter. After barter came into existence	existence	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
Also in the same interview, he named another song called " Señorita ". John Konesky estimated that the new album would come out " in spring 2012 ". Tenacious D also played at Download Festival. In February 2012 it was revealed that the title of the	the	DET	album	NOUN	 album
Although Juno was originally intended to open in theaters on December 15, 2007, it was moved forward to take advantage of the positive reviews and buzz preceding its release, and opened in limited release on December 5, playing in only seven theaters in Los Angeles and	and	CCONJ	New	PROPN	 New
Maine is on the southerly edge of the bird's breeding range and with changing weather patterns, this may be set to contract northwards. Breeding colonies of Atlantic puffins provide an interesting spectacle for both bird watchers and tourists. For example, four thousand puffins nest each	each	DET	year	NOUN	 year
The song was mixed by Chris Lord Alge at Resonate Music in Burbank, California and mastered by Bob Ludwig at Gateway Mastering in Portland, Maine. Digital editing was conducted by Paul DeCarli, while audio engineering was handled by Ashburn Miller and Hatsukazu Inagaki. " Call	Call	VERB	My	PRON	 My
On election day, the Liberals were reduced to three seats in the Nova Scotia legislature. Many believed that the time had come to return the party to its reformist roots. Macdonald worked with other reform minded members to establish a network of younger Liberals intent on reviving	reviving	VERB	their	PRON	 their
She enters a wooden room populated with ' cool kids ' flaunting pink and purple hair while taking whiffs from an oxygen tank. Madonna, who is in a room filled with men smoking cigars, observes her from television monitors throughout the club. She wears a white	white	ADJ	trouser	NOUN	 trouser
However, Homer gets recognized by others who take him to the ceremony. Homer arrives in time to see Angry Dad win the Oscar. Bart goes up to accept the Oscar and thanks Lisa for having the idea to make the film into a short film, the	the	DET	animation	NOUN	 animation
In April 2012, Shalom Life ranked him Number 7 on its list of " Top 50 Hottest Jewish men in the world ". Levine stripped naked for testicular cancer awareness for a centerfold in Cosmopolitan UK's February 2011 issue. In June 2016, sources close to	to	ADP	Levine	PROPN	 Levine
In 1988 the State of Massachusetts acquired 148 acres (60 ha) of the farm, which is now operated by the Massachusetts Department of Conservation and Recreation as a historic site. In October 1840, George Ripley announced to the Transcendental Club that he was planning to	to	PART	form	VERB	 form
Keith reconnects with Leo D ’ Amato (Max Greenfield), who presents a case involving the Fitzpatricks to him. They stake out where the Fitzpatricks are, and Keith sees Vinnie Van Lowe helping them. However, they quickly learn that Vinnie is actually investigating the	the	DET	case	NOUN	 case
Britten, though a reluctant conductor and a nervous pianist, was greatly sought after in both capacities. The piano accompanist Gerald Moore wrote in his memoirs about playing at all the main music festivals except for Aldeburgh, because " as the presiding genius there is the greatest	greatest	ADJ	accompanist	NOUN	 accompanist
Designed to serve the charter airline market and provide a low cost replacement for the 767 200, the 757 300 shares the basic design of the original 757, while extending the fuselage before and after the wings. Eight standard cabin doors, plus a pair of over	over	ADP	the	DET	 the
In colonies of the ant Gnamptogenys menadensis, workers will sometimes mate and lay eggs while others remain as virgins to lay trophic eggs that are consumed as nourishment. In a display of policing, workers can immobilize female reproductive workers by biting their limbs; it is reported	reported	VERB	that	SCONJ	 that
One of the new arrivals, merchant Philip Dimmitt, received a missive from the Goliad customs agent with news that Cos and his war chest had already departed La Bahía to travel to San Antonio de Béxar. Undeterred, the group marched out on October 9. Ira	Ira	PROPN	Ingram	PROPN	 Ingram
The passenger ferry docks are all situated along Main Street in the downtown area. At the northeastern end of the downtown district, Main Street intersects Fort Street at the state park visitor center to complete its circuit of Mackinac Island. The first city ordinances banning all motorized	motorized	VERB	vehicles	NOUN	 vehicles
The outside of the loop is left clean and unprotected, so erosion accelerates, further increasing the meandering in a powerful positive feedback loop. Waves are disturbances that carry energy as they move. Mechanical waves propagate through a medium – air or water, making it oscillate	oscillate	VERB	as	SCONJ	 as
Ken Capobianco of the Boston Globe complimented the song's braggadocio along with " I Invented Sex ", however commented that the song was " unintentionally humorous ". Andrew Rennie of Now Magazine said the album's hook heavy and playful style was evident on the track and	and	CCONJ	on	ADP	 on
Sessions, Hopkins, and others coordinated their efforts to lose evidence, threaten potential witnesses, and discredit those who testified. The vast majority of Rhode Island's citizens were supportive of the attackers, and kept quiet about their identities. A year after the incident,	,	PUNCT	the	DET	 the
The bar has the same shape as the bar in the Elvis mansion as well. The music played here changes throughout the night, including upbeat classic rock, commercial house music, upbeat Elvis remixes, minimal hip hop, Top 40, and pop. In May	May	PROPN	2013	NUM	 2013
Dean is prepared to leave her behind to die, but Sam comes up with a plan to save Bela's life. This time, Bela gives them $10,000 as a " thank you " before she leaves because she does not like being indebted to others.	.	PUNCT	In	ADP	 In
After receiving a commission to make a short film for the Vancouver based cooperative Cineworks, Hoolboom began working on realising the script with a low budget and limited amount of 16 mm film from the National Film Board of Canada; he was one of seven artists commissioned to	to	PART	"	PUNCT	 "
Cartoon Network chief content officer Rob Sorcher explained that the network allowed this because the company was " dealing with artists who are primarily visual people " and by using storyboards, the writers and artists could learn and grow " by actually doing the work. " As such	such	ADJ	,	PUNCT	,
In 1958, the director of The New York Botanical Garden, William Jacob Robbins, recruited Rogerson for the position of Curator of Cryptogamic Botany. Rogerson became Senior Curator in 1967 and Senior Curator Emeritus at his retirement in 1990. As curator of cryptogamic botany, Rogerson	Rogerson	PROPN	"	PUNCT	 "
The Orkneyinga Saga suggests the islands were Christianised by Olav Tryggvasson in 995 when he stopped at South Walls on his way from Ireland to Norway. The King summoned the jarl Sigurd the Stout and said, " I order you and all your subjects to be baptised.	.	PUNCT	If	SCONJ	 If
During that period, Jennings released the successful album Will the Wolf Survive. He toured less after 1997 to spend more time with his family. Between 1999 and 2001, his appearances were limited by health problems. On February 13, 2002, Jennings died from complications	complications	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
A month after the plan's establishment, Public Service Alliance of Canada Prairies Regional Executive Vice President Marianne Hladun wrote an open letter to Brad Trost, MP for Saskatoon — Humboldt, saying that, while she approved of the NAP CHT, the government was being inconsistent	inconsistent	ADJ	in	ADP	 in
Years later, the film maker Jacques Tati called the piece " a foundation for everything that has been realised in comedy on the screen ". In 1902 Little Tich starred in a special, one off revue with Marie Lloyd at the Tivoli theatre called The Revue,	,	PUNCT	which	PRON	 which
Although it appears that squab pie did originally contain pigeons, mutton and apples have been used as a substitute since at least 1737 using a recipe that has remained in cookbooks for years afterwards. This misnaming has meant that the pie is considered to be a surprise.	.	PUNCT	Squab	PROPN	 Squab
In some circumstances, the conduct of the defendant can be a factor in determining the unreasonableness of their interference. In this situation the motives of the defendant and the reasonableness of their conduct are the factors used to determine the unreasonableness of their actions. This is one	one	NUM	of	ADP	 of
Grover Cleveland spanked me on two non consecutive occasions, " referring to Grover Cleveland, the only president to have served two non consecutive terms in office. When Homer and Bart hand out fliers for the upcoming garage sale, Apu Nahasapeemapetilon is seen washing his car while	while	SCONJ	singing	VERB	 singing
In 1929, he was sent back to England for school. He graduated in 1931, having earned an Oxford Certificate, but he declined to matriculate at Oxford University, instead preferring to pursue a career as a journalist. He enrolled in a correspondence course, and	and	CCONJ	took	VERB	 took
Brown's first match as manager was against the newly crowned world champions England at Wembley Stadium. Despite being underdogs, Scotland won 3 – 2 thanks to goals from Denis Law, Bobby Lennox and Jim McCalliog. Having defeated the world champions on their own turf,	,	PUNCT	the	DET	 the
When he refuses, she steals the key to the gun case from Jack Shephard (Matthew Fox) and holds Locke at gunpoint in the jungle. When Rousseau arrives on the beach one morning to warn the camp of the Others ' imminent arrival, Shannon prepares to	to	PART	migrate	VERB	 migrate
Other peoples also accepted Christianity: the Heruli, the Huns dwelling near the Don, the Abasgi, and the Tzanni in Caucasia. The worship of Amun at Augila in the Libyan desert was abolished; and so were the remnants of the worship of Isis on the	the	DET	island	NOUN	 island
Crop losses were extensive, with the storm striking close to harvest time. Heavy rains from the storm, peaking at 338 mm (13.3 in) in Baguio, triggered significant flooding and caused a breach in the Arnedo Dike in Apalit, Pampanga. Eight towns along	along	ADP	a	DET	 a
Other diseases that may be related include measles, mumps and rubella. Smoking has been shown to be an independent risk factor for MS. Stress may be a risk factor although the evidence to support this is weak. Association with occupational exposures and toxins — mainly solvents	solvents	NOUN	—	PUNCT	 —
They also had the inexperienced William Woof, Carleton Haynes and Edward Wright, all of whom made their first class debuts against Surrey. That was ten, so another player had to be found and Grace decided to take action. The Australian Billy Midwinter had played for	for	ADP	Gloucestershire	PROPN	 Gloucestershire
However, then Canucks General Manager Brian Burke already possessed the third overall pick and through a series of transactions he obtained the second overall pick. He used these second and third overall picks to select Daniel and Henrik, respectively. Gradin notified them of the Canucks '	'	PART	intentions	NOUN	 intentions
It was ranked at number 13 on the Billboard 2005 year end Hot Christian Songs and Hot Christian AC charts, and at number 20 on the year end Adult Contemporary chart. " Homesick " was written during a time of hardship for the band — nine people close	close	ADJ	to	ADP	 to
For example, the Gila River – formerly one of the Colorado's largest tributaries – contributes little more than a trickle in most years due to use of its water by cities and farms in central Arizona. The average flow rate of the Colorado at the northernmost point	point	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
According to Brookes, the influence of Shrewsbury School affected Cardus to the extent that " [t] he playing fields of an English public school were for him a more natural setting than the iconoclastic frenzy of the Lyons café where socialism vied with Richard Strauss for pride	pride	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
" Assouline described Hergé as " the personification of Belgium ". 1971: Adamson Awards, Sweden 1972: Yellow Kid " una vita per il cartooning " (lifetime award) at the Festival of Lucca 1973: Grand Prix Saint Michel of the city of Brussels 1999	1999	NUM	:	PUNCT	:
The term Army of India was instituted to refer to the overall command structure which included both the British and Indian Army units. The new formation for the Army of India was set at nine divisions, each division with one cavalry and three infantry brigades and these nine	nine	NUM	divisions	NOUN	 divisions
The membership of the council was increased from 68 (51 councillors and 17 aldermen) to 104 (78 councillors and 26 aldermen). The twenty six wards were as follows: On 1 April 1937 the boundary of the county borough with the surrounding areas of the	the	DET	West	PROPN	 West
Young Mark attended the local public school, which conducted class in the basement of the Presbyterian church. He competed in the local boys ' debating society, and on the question of whether the black man had more cause for complaint than the Indian, carried the day	day	NOUN	arguing	VERB	 arguing
In October 2009, the Bhutanese government planned construction works of an airstrip in Yongphulla. The airstrip, which was expected to be 3,900 feet (1,200 m) in length and operational by March 2010, would allow for service by small aircraft in the 15 – 16	16	NUM	seat	NOUN	 seat
However, Kepler 11 is much older than the Sun, with an estimated age of 8 (± 2) billion years (the Sun is approximately 4.6 billion years old). Along with Kepler 11c, Kepler 11 is host to the planets Kepler 11b, Kepler	Kepler	PROPN	11d	NOUN	 11d
The name was taken from a previous residence that Moffat lived in during the late 1990s. Larry describes the residence as " Scooby Doo's house ", a reference to the dilapidated mansions that the Scooby Doo gang would usually visit. The BBC Fact File for the	the	DET	episode	NOUN	 episode
One newspaper reported that Rix Nicholas's entry had been one of the top three. Rix Nicholas was furious, as were some former soldiers who wrote letters to newspapers about the incident. Pigot suggests that gender was a factor: " While Rix Nicholas's claim to	to	PART	be	AUX	 be
According to The Wall Street Journal, the authority " struggled for survival " in the face of opposition from the MSHD just two months later; the department's actions impaired the authority's appropriations from the state legislature and its ability to sell the necessary bonds to pay	pay	VERB	for	ADP	 for
He broke three ribs and an iron bar attached to the post became so lodged in his backbone that it took two men to remove it. Wizard sired three winners of eleven races. His winning progeny were: Wizard filly (1813) – won a maiden race	race	NOUN	at	ADP	 at
The Thorold Tunnel was designed to carry a divided four lane road beneath the canal, bypassing the swinging bridge between Allanburg Road and Ormond Street. It was built during the winter months between 1965 and 1967, with the canal drained, and opened on September 18,	,	PUNCT	1968	NUM	 1968
The high terrain disrupted its circulation, causing it to weaken to a tropical depression around 2100 UTC on August 16. The depression made landfall near Barahona, Dominican Republic, with winds of 35 mph (55 km / h). It became increasingly disorganized over land	land	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
In September 2015, the iPad Pro was announced, which included a 12.9 inch screen. In March 2016, the 9.7 inch iPad Pro was announced. And Apple added a new 256 GB of storage for both the iPad Pro 9.7- & 12.9 inch. The iPad	iPad	PROPN	's	PART	's
is the debut studio album by American thrash metal band Megadeth. It was released on June 12, 1985, through Combat Records. At the beginning of 1985, the band was given $8,000 by Combat to record and produce its debut album. After spending half	half	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
In central Europe, these tree pollens are the second most common cause of allergic conditions after grass pollen. The bark of common alder has traditionally been used as an astringent, a cathartic, a hemostatic, a febrifuge, a tonic and a restorative (a substance	substance	NOUN	able	ADJ	 able
Passage of this policy was intended to give faculty more academic freedom and strengthen the university's industry partnerships. Texas A & M works with both state and university agencies on various local and international research projects to forge innovations in science and technology that can have commercial applications	applications	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
Some of these appear to have been built within the ramparts of earlier hillforts, which had been abandoned for some time. A well preserved settlement at Longknowe is thought to be Romano British, although this part of Northumberland lay beyond the Roman frontier for much of the	the	DET	period	NOUN	 period
It rises in the Peak District on Bleaklow just east of Glossop and flows through the Upper Derwent Valley with its three reservoirs, the Howden Reservoir, Derwent Reservoir and Ladybower Reservoir. The River Noe and the River Wye are tributaries. The River Manifold and River Dove	Dove	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
Further south, the road leading southeast from the city of Cortland, through Greene at the Chenango River, to Afton at the Susquehanna River (a distance of 54 miles or 87 kilometres) was an unnumbered road. In the 1930 state highway renumbering, the entire	entire	ADJ	length	NOUN	 length
Gracie killed 10 people in South Carolina and Georgia, mainly due to wind and rain induced automobile accidents, falling trees and electrocution by live wires. The Garden Club of South Carolina replaced numerous trees after the storm. Wind damage was quite significant across South Carolina,	,	PUNCT	particularly	ADV	 particularly
" Also made by the duo during the K Foundation's existence, reported by the NME as a K Foundation work, but officially attributed to " The One World Orchestra featuring The Massed Pipes and Drums of the Children's Free Revolutionary Volunteer Guards ", was "	"	PUNCT	The	DET	 The
Japeth was written specifically for Benjy Gaither, the son of gospel music singers Bill and Gloria Gaither. He had been a friend of the Edwards brothers since childhood and Cory's short film Wobots had been produced through his animation studio Live Bait Productions. Cory's wife	wife	NOUN	Vicki	PROPN	 Vicki
The deeper the foundations needed to be, the greater the challenge. Special water tight boxes called caissons were invented to deal with this problem in England in 1830, and adopted in the US during the 1850s and 1860s. The development of the elevator was also essential	essential	ADJ	to	ADP	 to
Most of these officers rose from the ranks, and there are references in the De Administrando Imperio to first oarsmen (prōtelatai) who rose to become prōtokaraboi in the imperial barges, and later assumed still higher offices; Emperor Romanos Lekapenos being the most successful example.	.	PUNCT	There	PRON	 There
The events around the expulsion of the Jesuits (the Extrañamiento) are depicted in Fritz Hochwälder's play Das heilige Experiment (The Strong are Lonely). Both are set in Paraguay. It has been suggested that Das heilige Experiment sparked interest in the 20th century among	among	ADP	scholars	NOUN	 scholars
Landmarks featured in Fallout: New Vegas are the Hoover Dam, which supplies power to the New Vegas strip; Nellis Air Force Base and the HELIOS One solar energy plant. The protagonist is a courier working for the Mojave Express, known simply as " The Courier	Courier	PROPN	"	PUNCT	 "
The comics were well received by critics, many praising the humor and style of the stories and characters. However, later commentators have noted that the comic book series did not gain much popularity or recognition until after the release of Sam & Max Hit the Road in	in	ADP	1993	NUM	 1993
The prototype was designated IK 1, with the " IK " standing for (Ljubomir) Ilić and Kosta (Sivčev). It is believed that the prototype was complete by September 1934, but the first flight was delayed due to concerns about the wing structure.	.	PUNCT	The	DET	 The
In 1949, Longyearbyen received telephone service with the mainland via a radio connection between Svalbard Radio and Harstad. In 1949, a farm was built in Longyearbyen to hold cattle for milk, pigs and hens. A local radio station started broadcasting in 1950. The burial	burial	NOUN	ground	NOUN	 ground
Recorded and released in January 1994 under the name Blink, it was the band's first recording to be sold and distributed. Blink 182 was formed in Poway, California, a suburb outside of San Diego, in August 1992. Guitarist Tom DeLonge and Mark Hoppus	Hoppus	PROPN	were	AUX	 were
Recent historiography focuses on greater similarities with the Greek alphabet than in the other Caucasian writing systems, most notably the order and numeric value of letters. Some scholars have also suggested as a possible inspiration for particular letters certain pre Christian Georgian cultural symbols or clan markers.	.	PUNCT	Asomtavruli	PROPN	 Asomtavruli
In their second innings, Australia was still 177 runs in arrears with three wickets down when Syd Gregory joined Trott at the crease. Their partnership of 221 runs led Wisden to record that, " as long as cricket is played... cause the match to be remembered	remembered	VERB	"	PUNCT	 "
A disused carriage gate further up the hill was probably a tradesman's entrance to the school or to the Lodge stables. Bishop's Gate in Chisholm Road, previously known as the Cattle Gate, was for use by livestock allowed to pasture in the nineteenth century.	.	PUNCT	It	PRON	 It
The player's character can collect " power ups " which may afford the character greater protection, an " extra life ", or upgraded weaponry. Different weapons are often suited to different enemies, but these games seldom keep track of ammunition. As such, players	players	NOUN	tend	VERB	 tend
The Confession remains, according to the 1929 Declaratory Articles, the Church of Scotland's " principal subordinate standard ", subordinate to the Bible. Memorization of the Shorter Catechism has been made a requirement for children in many Presbyterian churches. The migrations and missionary efforts of	of	ADP	each	PRON	 each
Color vision in strepsirrhines is not as well understood; however, research indicates a range of color vision similar to that found in platyrrhines. Like catarrhines, howler monkeys (a family of platyrrhines) show routine trichromatism that has been traced to an evolutionarily recent gene duplication	duplication	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
Characterizing the character, ABC noted her competitiveness, ambition, and intelligence as her main traits, while her aggressive, and tactless attitude was highlighted as her main weakness. In May 2012, E! Online reported that Oh had signed on for two more years,	,	PUNCT	along	ADP	 along
It flows between Nescopeck Mountain and McCauley Mountain. Nearly all of Scotch Run's length is within 1,640 feet (500 m) of a road. However, most of its length is not within 328 feet (100 m) of one. Part of Pennsylvania State	State	PROPN	Game	PROPN	 Game
He also sketched out a political career path beginning with the state legislature and culminating in a spot in the United States Senate, with a blank for any position beyond the Senate. Hatfield graduated from Willamette in 1943 with a Bachelor of Arts degree after three years at	at	ADP	the	DET	 the
Doctor Phlox soon determines that they were infected by a mutagenic virus, and concludes that T ' Pol's Vulcan genetics rendered her immune. Two " containment ships " soon arrive, demanding access to Enterprise in order to stop the virus that killed millions of their people	people	NOUN	60	NUM	 60
Jovovich's fight against the Mangalores was nominated for the MTV Movie Award for Best Fight, and the actress was also nominated for Best Actress – Newcomer at the Blockbuster Entertainment Awards. Conversely, Jovovich received a Razzie nomination for Worst Supporting Actress, and Chris Tucker was	was	AUX	nominated	VERB	 nominated
He participated in the Battle of Flers Courcelette, which began on 15 September, and was wounded. Promoted to corporal in January 1917, he took part in the Battle of Messines the following June. During the early phase of the Battle of Passchendaele, Andrew's	's	PART	battalion	NOUN	 battalion
Rau grew up in a suburb of Stuttgart, where early on he became active in socialist youth organizations. After military service in World War I, he participated in the German Revolution of 1918 19. From 1920 onward, he was a leading agricultural policy maker of	of	ADP	the	DET	 the
McKidd said of this: " You know, I think, at the end of the day, [Owen] ' s basically a good man who has some pretty extreme teaching techniques that he learned in the army. And all these things that are in the	the	DET	show	NOUN	 show
These defects are repaired in the break induced replication (BIR) pathway of homologous recombination. The precise molecular mechanisms of the BIR pathway remain unclear. Three proposed mechanisms have strand invasion as an initial step, but they differ in how they model the migration of the	the	DET	D	ADJ	 D
It has a long entrance front consisting of a three storey central block with lateral wings, each of which has two four storey turrets. Outside this on each side are two storey service blocks that project forward, forming a three sided entrance forecourt. The ground floor	floor	NOUN	public	ADJ	 public
Compared to rival World Wrestling Entertainment's Vengeance PPV event held on June 26, Slammiversary was rated higher: Sokol gave Vengeance a 6 out of 10. Clevett felt that overall Slammiversary was a " very good event ". Regarding the King of the Mountain match,	,	PUNCT	Clevett	PROPN	 Clevett
On the other hand, others thought the music felt forced. Inevitably, almost all reviews, both positive and negative, compared the episode to Buffy the Vampire Slayer's musical episode, " Once More, with Feeling ". This comparison was also made by Bill	Bill	PROPN	Lawrence	PROPN	 Lawrence
He traded with the indigenous peoples, and, according to a tradition reported by Meginness (1892), he had a Native American wife. Larry Burt was already there when surveyors came through in 1769 (after the land was purchased by the colonial government of Pennsylvania	Pennsylvania	PROPN	on	ADP	 on
Colin McGuire of PopMatters felt that " If I Were a Boy " was the highlight of the first disc of the double album. Jon Caramanica of The New York Times described the song as one of the greatest pop songs of the last few years and one of	of	ADP	Beyoncé	PROPN	 Beyoncé
Though Carson received hundreds of other speaking invitations, she was unable to accept the great majority of them. Her health was steadily declining as her cancer outpaced the radiation therapy, with only brief periods of remission. She spoke as much as she was physically able,	,	PUNCT	however	ADV	 however
Fortune West started his career with Eastern Counties League side Tiptree United, and played for four more non League sides before securing a move into the Football League with Gillingham in July 1995. He finished his first season with them as top scorer, and had several short	short	ADJ	stints	NOUN	 stints
The ship and its contents have a powerful and malign influence over many of those who come in contact with it, including Quatermass. It becomes obvious to him that the aliens, probably from Mars, had been abducting pre humans and modifying them to give them psychic	psychic	ADJ	abilities	NOUN	 abilities
By the time Philadelphia swept the Mets at Shea Stadium in mid September, the Phillies were threatening to move from wild card contender to division leader. With 17 games left to play, the Mets led the Phillies by seven games; during that final stretch, the	the	DET	Mets	PROPN	 Mets
Manufactured by Intaride (a subsidiary of Intamin), the ride reaches a maximum height of 335 feet (102 m) making it North America's tallest free standing drop tower. Riders experience about five seconds of free fall, reaching a speed of 60 miles per	per	ADP	hour	NOUN	 hour
Nourizadeh stated " when you have real material being shot by real people, it then kind of feels like it is. It is found footage. I hated spending 10 hours looking through bits of flip footage – people didn ’ t press stop, it ’ s	s	VERB	like	INTJ	 like
The long construction period affected the uniformity of design hoped for by Hanson, as did the fact that building plots were sold individually and at different times: even a strict covenant could not force the owners into designing identical houses. A passageway (Regency Colonnade) was	was	AUX	built	VERB	 built
In an interview with Eric R. Danton of Hartford Courant, Jean was asked about her reaction when she heard that Beyoncé was recording " If I Were a Boy ". She was initially surprised when people regarded her as a songwriter because she envisioned herself as " do	do	AUX	[	X	 [
Its stripped down Classical Revival style shows the influence of Art Deco in its smooth, finished surfaces. The enameled metal facade on a Third Street storefront, dating to 1940, makes it the only building in the district to show any trace of the Streamline Moderne style	style	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
The joy of Prison Break has been the writers. They're great and they forever challenged me, which makes the journey worth it. " Fichtner has also had several concerns with the scripts written for him, and talks to the writers to make sure that the	the	DET	character	NOUN	 character
Another feature that was emulated was not so successful. Impressed by the ease with which the Virginia had sunk the Cumberland, naval architects began to incorporate rams into their hull designs. The first purpose built ram in the modern era was the French armored ram Taureau (	(	PUNCT	1863	NUM	1863
" The agent in charge of SOE Africa station submitted a report to the head of SOE Colin Gubbins reflecting on the success of Postmaster: " perhaps next time it will not be necessary for prolonged negotiations before undertaking a 30 minute operation. " The Spanish government was	was	AUX	furious	ADJ	 furious
The 138 millimeter (5.4 in) gun was 21 calibres long and weighed 2.63 long tons (2.67 t). It fired a 61.7 pound (28.0 kg) explosive shell that had a muzzle velocity of 1,529 ft / s (466 m / s).	.	PUNCT	The	DET	 The
The film, panned by Roger Ebert and the New York Times, was a major success in Japan. Its realistic looking attack footage was reused in later films such as Midway (1976), The Final Countdown (1980), and Australia (2008).	.	PUNCT	The	DET	 The
Fukunaga was formally appointed as director after Iñárritu pulled out of the project because of film commitments. In preparation for his services, he carried out research with a homicide detective of the Louisiana State Police's Criminal Investigations Division to develop an accurate depiction of a 1990s homicide	homicide	NOUN	detective	NOUN	 detective
It was to be a large scale, full length work for the Paris Opéra, but Ravel's final illness prevented him from writing it. Ravel's first completed opera was L ' heure espagnole (premiered in 1911), described as a " comédie musicale "	"	PUNCT	.	PUNCT	.
The Chevron CRUSH process, which was researched by Chevron Corporation in partnership with Los Alamos National Laboratory, injects heated carbon dioxide into the formation via drilled wells and to heat the formation through a series of horizontal fractures through which the gas is circulated. General Synfuels International	International	PROPN	has	AUX	 has
Her keel was laid down in October 1893 and she was launched in September 1897; work was completed in April 1902. She had one sister ship, Ammiraglio di Saint Bon, the lead ship of the Ammiraglio di Saint Bon class. She was armed with a	a	DET	main	ADJ	 main
John Lasseter and Andrew Stanton both served as executive producers. The film was co directed by Lee Unkrich and David Silverman and stars the voices of John Goodman, Billy Crystal, Steve Buscemi, James Coburn and Jennifer Tilly. The film centers on two monsters employed at	at	ADP	the	DET	 the
On September 23 the all white jury acquitted both defendants after a 67 minute deliberation; one juror said, " If we hadn't stopped to drink pop, it wouldn't have taken that long. " In post trial analyses, blame for the outcome varied.	.	PUNCT	Mamie	PROPN	 Mamie
Conditions above the studio floor were often dangerous due to the heat and smoke. Although many of the exhaust sound effects used in the series were drawn from an audio library, some were specially recorded during a Red Arrows display at RAF Little Rissington in Gloucestershire. By	By	ADP	1966	NUM	 1966
When writing a piece on The Script in August 2008, Brian Boyd of The Irish Times claimed that they were " as un Irish sounding as The Republic of Loose [sic] ". Internationally, they have established fan bases in London and New York and have	have	AUX	achieved	VERB	 achieved
Her sister ship Temes was transferred to Romania and renamed Ardeal. In 1925 – 26, Sava was refitted, but by the following year only two of the four river monitors of the KSCS Navy were being retained in full commission at any time. In 1932,	,	PUNCT	the	DET	 the
Originally named the Blackstone Theatre, it was founded in 1910. The Merle Reskin Theatre is now part of DePaul University, although it is still used for events not affiliated with the university. It serves as the home of the Chicago Playworks for Families and Young Audiences	Audiences	PROPN	series	NOUN	 series
Under his leadership, the state's community colleges were placed under the governance of the university. Four state colleges achieved university status during Breathitt's administration. He also established the Kentucky Educational Television network and Kentucky's vocational education system. Breathitt was limited to one term	term	NOUN	by	ADP	 by
The first stable compound of argon was reported in 2000 when argon fluorohydride (HArF) was formed at a temperature of 40 K (− 233.2° C; − 387.7° F). In December 1998, scientists at the Joint Institute for Nuclear Research working in	in	ADP	Dubna	PROPN	 Dubna
As a result, it has been seen as articulating the concerns of this group in both style and lyrics. Since the term rock began to be used in preference to rock and roll from the late 1960s, it has often been contrasted with pop music, with	with	ADP	which	PRON	 which
They learn to balance getting the job done and helping the group, and learn to continually assess their level of success. The last group of leadership competencies helps individuals to grow the organization. Sharing Leadership helps participants learn that leadership is something that is shared by all	all	DET	group	NOUN	 group
After birth the newborn young climbs unaided by its mother from the birth canal to the pouch. When it reaches the pouch, the underdeveloped joey suckles the teat of one of the four mammary glands while the others recede. The joey remains attached to the teat for	for	ADP	100	NUM	 100
It is in the field of view of the Kepler Mission, a NASA operation purposed with finding Earth like planets. Kepler 4b, a Neptune sized planet that orbits extremely close to its star, was discovered in its orbit and made public by the Kepler team on	on	ADP	January	PROPN	 January
On the penultimate lap, Barrichello lined up his car to attempt a pass, but Blundell defended his position and the two collided: Barrichello crashed out, but Blundell was able to continue with a punctured left rear tyre which allowed Panis to overtake him on the last	last	ADJ	lap	NOUN	 lap
After the war, George was assigned to the 49th Bombardment Squadron at Kelly Field, Texas. On July 1, 1920, when the Air Service became a combat arm of the line, he transferred to it in the permanent grade of 1st lieutenant. He next	next	ADV	served	VERB	 served
After World War II, Nordmann joined Mercedes Benz in 1950, initially working in sales. He later became head of the sales department and, in 1968, head of worldwide services. In January 1971 he was appointed president of Mercedes Benz in North America and Canada	Canada	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
After a short halt to leave their baggage train behind and form a battle line the Persian army quickly advanced on the Byzantines, shooting arrows as they approached. The Byzantines responded in kind and then sallied forth to meet the oncoming enemy. On the Byzantine right Vitalius	Vitalius	NOUN	was	AUX	 was
At the centre are Saint Andrew (with an X cross), Saint Peter (with a key) and Saint John (with the chalice). The central window of the North Aisle is a World War II memorial and a World War I memorial is on	on	ADP	the	DET	 the
A similar bill passed the House of Representatives on September 12, differing from the Senate bill in lacking any provision relating to gold, and in not authorizing silver versions of the new coins. Members of the two houses met in a conference committee on September 19 in	in	ADP	a	DET	 a
US 295 succeeded PSH 3 during the 1964 state highway renumbering, but was decommissioned in 1968 before the new state highway system was codified. The roadway was re designated as SR 127 after the new sign route number system was codified into the Revised Code of Washington in	in	ADP	1970	NUM	 1970
French forces had taken over southern Spain and forced the Supreme Junta to seek refuge in the island city of Cadiz. The Junta replaced itself with a smaller, five man council, the Council of Regency of Spain and the Indies. Most Spanish Americans saw no reason	reason	NOUN	to	PART	 to
Jones was completely blind in his right eye, and had likely suffered his injury prior to his tenure as Clerk of Court for Hampshire County in 1757. Philip Doddridge described Jones as wearing a bicorne hat, " frilled shirt bosom ", and waistbands. He further	further	ADV	described	VERB	 described
The Panthers football team plays home games at FIU Stadium nicknamed " The Cage " and are currently coached by Ron Turner. In 2005, the Panthers moved to the Sun Belt Conference, making their transition from Division I FCS to Division I FBS complete. In their	their	PRON	first	ADJ	 first
Julius Seelye Bixler reviewed the book twice, in 1952 and 1953. In his first review he wrote that he believed Stace was trying to have his cake and eat it with regards to the truth of both naturalism and mysticism. Bixler also wonders whether the revelation of	of	ADP	God	PROPN	 God
German night fighters would not be equipped with such devices on a large scale until much later. A legend was created to explain his successes instead. As the first night fighter ace, they were allowed to publish his picture. The captions read that his eyesight was	was	AUX	so	ADV	 so
Deep Purple's members were experienced musicians with different musical backgrounds: Lord had trained in classical music and had played in jazz and blues rock ensembles, Blackmore and Simper came from session work in pop rock, Paice and Evans from beat bands. However, no one	one	NOUN	was	AUX	 was
After passing Maple Avenue in the Jewish village of Kaser, NY 306 becomes Monsey – Ladentown Road for the rest of its run. NY 306 quickly leaves the small village and reenters the town of Ramapo. Roughly 1 mile (1.6 km) north of Kaser,	,	PUNCT	NY	PROPN	 NY
According to Gartner, while Paxata is an early entrant into the market, many startups and large corporations are making investments in developing similar competing products. According to Gigaom and IT Business Edge, one way Paxata differs is that it automatically merges multiple data sets into a	a	DET	single	ADJ	 single
It contained copies of letters written to business associates as well as friends from 1795 to 1809. His letters to other publishers discuss " paper, printing, engraving costs, delivery dates, breaches of copyright, binding charges and accounts " whereas his letters to friends include	include	VERB	missives	NOUN	 missives
It features house band Booker T. & the M.G. ' s, pianist Isaac Hayes, and the brass section The Memphis Horns. Six out of eleven songs were cut during their session; the rest were overdubbed by Redding in the following days owing to their concert obligations	obligations	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
The Navy ordered five boats on 1 February 1913. The U 7 class was seen by the Austro Hungarian Navy as an improved version of its U 3 class, which was also a Germaniawerft design. As designed for the Austro Hungarian Navy, the boats were to	to	PART	displace	VERB	 displace
This he continued to do for some minutes; then, as if satisfied that the bones must be crushed, the elephant raised his trunk high upon his head and stood motionless; the chief then ordered him to ' complete his work, ' and the creature immediately	immediately	ADV	placed	VERB	 placed
Rabbi Joseph Schwarz (1850) who had lived in Palestine for 16 years, identified the village of Abulnita, ' about 2 English miles east of Shechem ', as the site ' where Joseph lies buried '. Western travellers to Palestine in the 19th century described	described	VERB	their	PRON	 their
The governor's opponents, however, countered with their own plan in which each school board would retain the right to make pupil assignments (although pupil assignments could now be appealed a three member " pupil assignment board "). Any parents with children in a school	school	NOUN	could	AUX	 could
Later that night, Edge legitimately injured his left pectoral muscle after Kane, who was disguised as a character, attacked Edge during his Mardi Gras celebration. On the July 20 edition of SmackDown!, Edge was forced to vacate the World Heavyweight Championship due to his	his	PRON	legit	NOUN	 legit
Towards the end of the 18th century rows of two storey brick terraced houses were built at the west end of the town to house workers who had migrated there to work in the new factories. Until the Industrial Revolution, Tyldesley was rural, agriculture and cottage spinning	spinning	NOUN	and	CCONJ	 and
She created all of the pieces in just six months and they all sold well. After completing the successful showing, McLeod began working on commission pieces. In November 2014, she launched the Erin McLeod Gallery on Etsy, where she sells both original pieces and high	high	ADJ	quality	NOUN	 quality
Blancornelas was taken to the hospital on November 19 after his son confessed that his father had a lung defect that dated back to his youth. Prior to his death, Blancornelas stopped reporting directly for the Zeta magazine since February 2006 but still sent information to the magazine	magazine	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
However, after Rowling prodded the filmmakers to include him, saying, " You know, I wouldn't [cut him] if I were you. Or you can, but if you get to make a seventh film, you'll be tied in knots "	"	PUNCT	,	PUNCT	,
Two days later, Sulayman led his fleet into the Bosphorus and the various squadrons began anchoring by the European and Asian suburbs of the city: one part sailed south of Chalcedon to the harbours of Eutropios and Anthemios to watch over the southern entrance of the Bosporus,	,	PUNCT	while	SCONJ	 while
The war made Gerry sufficiently wealthy that when it ended he sold off his merchant interests, and began investing in land. In 1787 he purchased the Cambridge, Massachusetts estate of the last royal lieutenant governor of Massachusetts, Thomas Oliver, which had been confiscated by the	the	DET	state	NOUN	 state
She sold roughly 500,000 shares of Enron ten minutes to thirty minutes before the information that Enron was collapsing went public on November 28, 2001. Linda was never charged with any of the events related to Enron. Although Michael Kopper worked at Enron for more than seven	seven	NUM	years	NOUN	 years
US 206 becomes a three lane road with one northbound lane and two southbound lanes as it comes to the Red Lion Circle with Route 70. Past the Red Lion Circle, the route becomes two lanes again and passes more rural surroundings with some development. US 206	206	NUM	comes	VERB	 comes
" To a lesser extent, critics also discussed the lesbian aspect. Martin felt that the lesbian element of 12 Days had been addressed, without becoming overstated. Casey Brienza, a fellow reviewer for Anime News Network, suggested that the shame Jackie and Noah felt as	as	SCONJ	lesbians	NOUN	 lesbians
" Ironically, Woolfolk's 43 carry record was broken in 1988 by Jamie Morris, the same player who also broke Woolfolk's career rushing record at the University of Michigan. In 1984, Woolfolk was relegated to back up status as Joe Morris took over the starting	starting	NOUN	job	NOUN	 job
Sonic and his friends help Blaze realize the meaning of friendship and she turns into Burning Blaze — apparently her answer to Sonic's Super Sonic form — while Sonic turns into Super Sonic. They fight Eggman and Eggman Nega and defeat them. The two worlds are restored	restored	VERB	,	PUNCT	,
Within minutes the flames had ascended the rigging and set the vast sails alight. The nearest British ships, Swiftsure, Alexander, and Orion, all stopped firing, closed their gunports, and began edging away from the blazing ship in anticipation of the detonation of the	the	DET	enormous	ADJ	 enormous
The postwar economic boom was ending and the increasingly globalized and integrated world economy was becoming inhospitable to national development operating behind trade barriers. Similar to other communist regimes, Poland was spending too much on heavy industry, armaments and prestige projects, and too little on consumer	consumer	NOUN	production	NOUN	 production
The next morning, 1 April, the Australians extended across the Kero Creek and advanced north to the Puriata where they established a perimeter 1,000 yd (910 m) south of Slater's Knoll. Around 12: 00, the Japanese 6th Field Artillery Regiment, whose	whose	DET	gunners	NOUN	 gunners
(December 4, 1923 – March 31, 2014) was an American athlete, lawyer, real estate developer, banker, financier, and activist best known for his role in the savings and loan scandal of the late 1980s. Keating was a champion swimmer for	for	ADP	the	DET	 the
Although Max insisted von Neumann attend school at the grade level appropriate to his age, he agreed to hire private tutors to give him advanced instruction in those areas in which he had displayed an aptitude. At the age of 15, he began to study advanced calculus	calculus	NOUN	under	ADP	 under
It is one of the most endangered mammal species in the neotropics. Habitat degradation and loss is the greatest current threat. The giant otter is also rare in captivity; in 2003, only 60 animals were being held. The giant otter shows a variety of adaptations	adaptations	NOUN	suitable	ADJ	 suitable
Lindwall won the match for the Australians with his bowling, taking 11 / 59. After winning the toss, the Sussex batsmen struggled with his length and variation of pace, and he hit the off stump five times in the first innings alone to end with 6	6	NUM	/	SYM	 /
She began to undertake public duties during World War II, serving in the Auxiliary Territorial Service. In 1947, she married Prince Philip, Duke of Edinburgh, with whom she has four children: Charles, Anne, Andrew, and Edward. Elizabeth's many historic	historic	ADJ	visits	NOUN	 visits
CFMI was made responsible for the day to day decision making for the project, while major decisions (developing a new variant, for example) required the go ahead from GE and SNECMA management. The CFMI board of directors is currently split evenly between SNECMA and GE	GE	PROPN	(	PUNCT	 (
Maintenance of the attractive palace, however, which has painted walls and glass work and intricate woodwork, has not been satisfactory, due to the lack of funds allocated to refurbish it. The palace provides scenic views of the Chaugan, Laxmi Narayana Temple, Sui Mata	Mata	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
The incumbent, Malcolm Turnbull, was defeated by Tony Abbott in a three way vote of Liberal Party Members of Parliament (MPs). Joe Hockey also stood as a candidate. Abbott thus became the Leader of the Opposition in the Parliament of Australia. The spill	spill	NOUN	was	AUX	 was
Detached objects have also been referred to in the scientific literature as extended scattered disc objects (E SDO), distant detached objects (DDO), or scattered – extended, as in the formal classification by the Deep Ecliptic Survey. This reflects the dynamical gradation that	that	PRON	can	AUX	 can
From the 1950s to the 1970s, Indian enterprises, such as Bharat Heavy Electricals Limited (BHEL), Nuclear Fuel Complex (NFC), National Mineral Development Corporation (NMDC), Bharat Electronics (BEL), Electronics Corporation of India Limited (ECIL),	,	PUNCT	Defence	PROPN	 Defence
In 1998, the cover images from The Sandman were released as one compiled volume titled Dustcovers: The Collected Sandman Covers. Dave McKean's covers use techniques such as painting, sculpture, photography, drawing, and computer manipulation. A total of ten trade paperbacks contain	contain	VERB	the	DET	 the
For Takemitsu, as he explained later in a lecture in 1988, one performance of Japanese traditional music stood out: One day I chanced to see a performance of the Bunraku puppet theater and was very surprised by it. It was in the tone quality, the	the	DET	timbre	NOUN	 timbre
" Several other white residents of Sumner hid black residents of Rosewood and smuggled them out of town. Gainesville's black community took in many of Rosewood's refugees, waiting for them at the train station and greeting survivors as they disembarked, covered in sheets. On	On	ADP	Sunday	PROPN	 Sunday
Saṃkramaṇa (transformation) – It is the mutation or conversion of one sub type of karmas into another sub type. However, this does not occur between different types. For example, papa (bad karma) can be converted into punya (good karma) as	as	SCONJ	both	DET	 both
He is believed to be an incarnation of the god Lugh, who is also his father. His mother is the mortal Deichtine, sister of Conchobar mac Nessa. Born Sétanta, he gained his better known name as a child, after killing Culann's fierce guard	guard	NOUN	dog	NOUN	 dog
The Taj Mahal, built in Agra between 1631 and 1648 by orders of Emperor Shah Jahan in memory of his wife, has been described in the UNESCO World Heritage List as " the jewel of Muslim art in India and one of the universally admired masterpieces of the	the	DET	world	NOUN	 world
2. " Lucille Has Messed My Mind Up " first appeared on Jeff Simmons ' album of the same name, on which its writing is credited to " La Marr Bruister ", one of Zappa's pseudonyms. The Joe's Garage arrangement is radically different,	,	PUNCT	and	CCONJ	 and
These colors were introduced by the rowing team in 1876, who deemed blue and gray " appropriate colors for the [Boat] Club and expressive of the feeling of unity between the Northern and Southern boys of the College. " Girls from neighboring Georgetown Visitation sewed the	the	DET	original	ADJ	 original
As the man is leaving, his boat overturns. Unable to swim, he is in danger of drowning until Lad jumps in and brings him back to shore. The grateful officer states that he killed the dog he came to kill and Lad only looks a little	little	ADJ	like	ADP	 like
Despite the group being a specialist night strike unit which had high expertise in night navigation, only four of the crews found their targets. The eleven 551 lb (250 kg) bombs dropped were not sufficient to disrupt fighter production. Around five of the 11 fell	fell	VERB	inside	ADP	 inside
Chapman wanted his friend Keith Moon to play a co lead role alongside him, but Moon could not pass an acting test, so the part went to David Jason who had previously appeared on Do Not Adjust Your Set with Pythons Idle, Jones, and Palin.	.	PUNCT	The	DET	 The
Edmond of Renault was the only competitor whose retirement was the result of driver injury. The top three finishers were escorted to the grandstand to collect their trophies. In an interview after the race, Szisz reflected on the " anxiety " he had felt as he drove	drove	VERB	the	DET	 the
For example, at the fighting at Sultan Yakoub, during the 1982 Lebanon War, the Israeli government claimed to have destroyed nine Syrian T 72s with the Merkava main battle tank, armed with an Israeli production version of the American M68 105 millimeter (4.1 in)	)	PUNCT	tank	NOUN	 tank
" LGBT rights activists, human rights activists, and other critics stated that the broad and vague wording of the law, which was characterized as a ban on " gay propaganda " by the media, made it a crime to publicly make statements or distribute materials in	in	ADP	support	NOUN	 support
The supernova was previously seen in November 2014 behind galaxy cluster MACS J1149.5 + 2223 as part of Hubble's Frontier Fields program. Astronomers spotted four separate images of the supernova in an arrangement known as an Einstein Cross. The light from the cluster has taken about five	five	NUM	billion	NUM	 billion
The consequent hostilities between the two foster brothers ended with Bolli Þorleiksson killing Kjartan, and then he in turn being killed by Kjartan's kinsmen. Bolli Bollason grew up with his brother Thorleik, who was four years his senior, and his mother Guðrún in Helgafell,	,	PUNCT	after	SCONJ	 after
Shueisha released Cobra in kanzenban form with the title Space Adventure Cobra: Handy Edition — which included volumes one through ten — from October 19, 2001 to February 4, 2002. Shueisha later created three kanzenban magazine series based on the Cobra manga under their Shueisha Jump	Jump	PROPN	Remix	PROPN	 Remix
Using a combination of previously published Hubble Space Telescope measurements and new theoretical models, Barman found strong evidence for water absorption in the planet's atmosphere. His method modeled light passing directly through the atmosphere from the planet's star as the planet passed in front of it	it	PRON	.	PUNCT	.
Bär in this case derives from the Latin berum, meaning " weir ", and it was apparently named for Wusterhausen because the road to that town passed by its original location at Bastion VII. It was moved to the park in 1893 and is now incorporated into	into	ADP	the	DET	 the
As predicted by general relativity, the presence of a mass deforms spacetime in such a way that the paths taken by particles bend towards the mass. At the event horizon of a black hole, this deformation becomes so strong that there are no paths that lead away	away	ADV	from	ADP	 from
. The two teamed together in mixed tag team matches, usually against Jimmy Wang Yang and Torrie Wilson or Chuck Palumbo and Michelle McCool. They also regularly accompanied each other to the ring for matches. After a leave of absence from television in the first half of	of	ADP	2008	NUM	 2008
The site later named the episode one of the ten additional installments of the series that illustrates that " emotional complexity " lies " beneath Adventure Time's weirdness ". The staff of TV.com wrote that " it's sort of amazing how Adventure Time has transformed the Ice	Ice	PROPN	King	PROPN	 King
After returning to China later that year, he signed his Professional contract with Chinese Basketball Association side Guangdong Southern Tigers and averaged 3.5 points per game and 1.9 rebounds per game in his first season. He also averaged 7.3 points per game and 7.3 rebounds per game in	in	ADP	four	NUM	 four
His brother Brian played lacrosse at Hofstra. He also has a younger brother Christopher and younger sister Elizabeth. Trombino attended St. Anthony's, which is a Roman Catholic college preparatory private high school, in South Huntington, New York on Long Island. He participated on	on	ADP	both	CCONJ	 both
In his book Home and Away Special, said that Frank had was " streetwise " by the age of eight, when he first " fell afoul of the law ". Papp's mullet hair style became a trademark of Frank. Papps said that it was fashionable	fashionable	ADJ	at	ADP	 at
Drogba also became the first player to score in three League Cup finals and the first to score in three consecutive English domestic cup finals. He scored both goals in a key 2 – 1 victory against Arsenal on 23 March 2008, bringing Chelsea equal on points with	with	ADP	leaders	NOUN	 leaders
Rudimentary training was undertaken at Bellvue, Western Australia, and at the end of October it sailed from Fremantle on the SS Ascanius and SS Medic. Originally bound for the United Kingdom, where they were to complete training, after stopovers in the Cocos Islands and Colombo	Colombo	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
Westminster City Council have said that Bond Street has the highest density of haute couture stores anywhere in the world, attracting " the rich, the famous, and the simply curious ". The entire length of Bond Street has been part of the Mayfair Conservation Area controlled	controlled	VERB	by	ADP	 by
Polio is one of only two diseases currently the subject of a global eradication program, the other being Guinea worm disease. So far, the only diseases completely eradicated by humankind are smallpox, declared so, in 1980, and rinderpest, likewise, in 2011.	.	PUNCT	A	DET	 A
The 22nd Guards Brigade was soon withdrawn, and the division was assigned the 14th and 23rd Infantry Brigade. Here, the division trained for amphibious operations in the Dodecanese. The deteriorating situation in North Africa, which saw General Erwin Rommel's Afrika Korps retake the territory	territory	NOUN	lost	VERB	 lost
Adults have forewings that are yellowish brown in color and have a dark spot located in the center of their body. The moths have a wingspan ranging from 32 to 45 mm, and live over thirty days in optimal conditions. However, the life span ranges from	from	ADP	five	NUM	 five
Du Bois insisted that artists recognize their moral responsibilities, writing that " a black artist is first of all a black artist. " He was also concerned that black artists were not using their art to promote black causes, saying " I do not care a damn	damn	NOUN	for	ADP	 for
It is the organization for the command elements of the 10th Mountain Division. The Battalion contains the Division's senior command structure, including its Headquarters and Headquarters Company, as well as communications, intelligence, operational and support elements as well as the Division Band which provide	provide	VERB	services	NOUN	 services
However, Clink is credited with engineering the drums on two of the album's tracks: " The Shortest Straw " and " Harvester of Sorrow ". While waiting for Rasmussen to arrive, the band recorded two cover songs — " Breadfan " and " The Prince	Prince	PROPN	"	PUNCT	 "
No. 120 (Netherlands East Indies) Squadron, which had arrived in May 1944, operating Kittyhawks, remained at Merauke until February 1945. The wing headquarters returned to Australia that May, and disbanded the following month. No. 72 Wing was formed on 23	23	NUM	April	PROPN	 April
In a 2002 – 2004 storyline, Eve relies more on Julian as Liz attempted to expose her and seduce her husband. Eve works with Julian to find their child. Overwhelmed by Liz's desire for vengeance and the search for her child, Eve is unaware of	of	ADP	Whitney	PROPN	 Whitney
Named for First Lieutenant John Trout Greble, the first West Point graduate killed in the U.S. Civil War, it protected the junction of the Anacostia and Potomac rivers, and from its position on a bluff in the Congress Heights, precluded any bombardment of the Washington Navy	Navy	PROPN	Yard	PROPN	 Yard
Fico was also a hurricane for 17 days, which also broke the record set by Celeste of 1972 with 10 days. Both records were later broken by Hurricane Tina. Fico also tracked about 6,000 miles (9,700 km), among the longest tracks on record for	for	ADP	a	DET	 a
The threat claimed that the attack would be carried out on October 22, the final day of the Muslim holy month of Ramadan. Both the FBI and the Department of Homeland Security expressed doubt concerning the credibility of the threats, but warned the relevant organizations as a	a	DET	precaution	NOUN	 precaution
In 1884 Tchaikovsky began to shed his unsociability and restlessness. That March, Tsar Alexander III conferred upon him the Order of St. Vladimir (fourth class), which included a title of hereditary nobility and a personal audience with the Tsar. This was seen as a	a	DET	seal	NOUN	 seal
That script would have reimagined Dr. Caligari as a former Nazi officer and war criminal, but the film was never produced. In 1960, independent Hollywood producer Robert Lippert acquired the rights to Caligari from Matray and Universum Film AG for $50,000, and produced a film	film	NOUN	called	VERB	 called
He was again nominated for two BAFTA Awards in 2009: a Television Award for his work on Doctor Who, and the Television Craft Award for Best Writer, for the episode " Midnight ". Under his tenure, Doctor Who won five consecutive National Television Awards between	between	ADP	2005	NUM	 2005
Lavigne launched a third fragrance, Wild Rose, in August 2011 and filmed the commercial for it in late 2010. The tagline for the fragrance is " Dare to discover more ". It features notes of mandarin, pink grapefruit, plum, orange blossom, frangipani	frangipani	ADJ	,	PUNCT	,
Attempting to advance the case for Southern Rhodesian independence, particularly in the event of Federal dissolution, the Southern Rhodesian Prime Minister Sir Edgar Whitehead brokered the 1961 constitution with Britain, which he thought would remove all British powers of reservation over Southern Rhodesian bills and acts,	,	PUNCT	and	CCONJ	 and
It took seven attempts, more than $3 million, and two years for the railroad, the CDC, and the federal government to permanently block the breach and send the Colorado on its natural course to the gulf – but not before part of the Imperial Valley	Valley	PROPN	was	AUX	 was
Mayhap some burly British trooper, quart ­ ered in the improvised barracks of the old State House [during the Siege of Boston], took umbrage at the spick and span elegance of the newly painted emblem of colonial inde ­ pend ­ ence and thrift. Such	Such	DET	a	DET	 a
At 03: 00 on 2 July the Allied advance guard began to break camp for the march towards Donauwörth and the Schellenberg heights. Marlborough personally oversaw the advance of the initial assault force of 5,850 foot, drawn up in groups of approximately 130 men from each battalion	battalion	NOUN	under	ADP	 under
Boyd became the third President of West Georgia College in 1961 after William H. Row died of a heart attack. Boyd is most known for his peaceful racial integration of the campus (without waiting for a court order) in 1963 by inviting a young black woman,	,	PUNCT	Lillian	PROPN	 Lillian
There also exist hatt ı hümayuns expressing the sultan's opinions or even his feelings on certain matters. For example, after the successful defense of Mosul against the forces of Nadir Shah, in 1743, Sultan Mahmud I sent a hatt ı hümayun to the governor Haj	Haj	PROPN	Husayn	PROPN	 Husayn
Orléans and the Duke of Burgundy were in the pro Visconti faction while the anti Visconti faction included Isabeau, her brother, Louis VII, Duke of Bavaria, and John III, Count of Armagnac. At that time Isabeau lacked the political power to effect change.	.	PUNCT	Some	DET	 Some
This rivalry expired especially early, and the two teams did not meet after 1901. The University of Minnesota is currently the only Division I basketball school in the state of Minnesota, so there are no intense intra border rivalries as there are in most states. The	The	DET	Gophers	PROPN	 Gophers
He was paid $7.5 million for his work. Casey Affleck as Charlie Gibbs The building concierge and Josh's brother in law. Affleck wanted to participate in the film as he was interested in playing a comedy role, saying " it sounded like a fun film	film	NOUN	to	PART	 to
He characterised it as mostly successful in its aims, and summarised it as a " memorable " and " well executed " comedy drama. Robinson felt that the writers had " dial [ed] back the celebrity guests " for the episode, while Phoebe Jane Boyd	Boyd	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
Potocki wanted the Sejm to be the strongest branch of government. Kołłątaj wanted a " gentle " revolution, carried out without violence, to enfranchise other social classes in addition to the nobility. The proposed reforms were opposed by the conservatives, including the Hetmans ' Party	Party	PROPN	.	PUNCT	.
After an absence of ten years, and almost 30 years after the 1983 movie Big Bird in China, 53 eleven minute episodes of Sesame Street's Big Bird Looks at the World, filmed in Mandarin Chinese, debuted in early 2011 in China. Inspired by the	the	DET	2008	NUM	 2008
Persona was mentioned in 1999 by GameSpot's Andrew Vestal as a game that deserved attention despite not aging well, saying " Examining Persona reveals three of the traits that make the series so popular - and unique - amongst RPG fans: demonology, negotiation, and psychology	psychology	NOUN	"	PUNCT	 "
The letters demanded the immediate removal of the key and any links to it, citing the anti circumvention provisions of the United States Digital Millennium Copyright Act (DMCA). In response to widespread Internet postings of the key, the AACS LA issued various press statements,	,	PUNCT	praising	VERB	 praising
In the Decembers of 1916 and 1917, German overtures to the British for truces were recorded without any success. In some French sectors, singing and an exchange of thrown gifts was occasionally recorded, though these may simply have reflected a seasonal extension of the live and	and	CCONJ	let	VERB	 let
According to Bauer, Brand said at various points that he was advised he could " take [his] time " or given one, two or three weeks. Hansi Brand testified during Eichmann's trial that in the meantime she and her children had to remain in	in	ADP	Budapest	PROPN	 Budapest
Quisling would serve as acting prime minister and ten of the thirteen " cabinet " ministers were to come from his party. He set out on a programme of wiping out " the destructive principles of the French Revolution, " including pluralism and parliamentary rule. This reached	reached	VERB	into	ADP	 into
Pennington, Westleigh and Bedford were three of the six townships or vills that made up the ancient parish of Leigh. The townships existed before the parish. Under the terms of the Poor Law Amendment Act 1834 the townships formed part of the Leigh Poor Law Union,	,	PUNCT	which	PRON	 which
Cythera, the southernmost, is just off the southern tip of the Peloponnese and Corfu, the northernmost, is located at the entrance of the Adriatic Sea. In modern Greek, the period of Venetian rule over Greek territory is known as Venetokratia or Enetokratia (Modern	Modern	PROPN	Greek	PROPN	 Greek
The books were reinstated after a public outcry. In 2002, in York, Pennsylvania, local parent Deb DiEugenio, along with her pastor, attempted to have the books banned from her daughter's school. DuEugenio said that " It's against my daughter's constitution	constitution	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
The episode features a guest appearance from James Marsters as Captain John Hart, Captain Jack's former colleague and lover, who comes to the Torchwood team as part of a plan to steal a diamond from a woman who was murdered. Chris Chibnall wrote the episode with	with	ADP	the	DET	 the
They became like a working thing for the album. " For his new band Morrison brought back three musicians from the Moondance sessions: saxophonist Jack Schroer; guitarist John Platania and bassist John Klingberg. The backing vocal trio of Emily Houston, Judy Clay and Jackie Verdell	Verdell	PROPN	also	ADV	 also
These programs were chosen due to their community outreach programs, as the school plans to create a community atmosphere between students, faculty, and the general community. The J. W. Long Law Library has 296,000 volumes and microform equivalents, which include both state and federal primary	primary	ADJ	law	NOUN	 law
By doing this, it mediates different physiological effects including recognition of opsonized particles (binding to FcγR), lysis of cells (binding to complement), and degranulation of mast cells, basophils, and eosinophils (binding to FcεR). In summary, the Fab	Fab	PROPN	region	NOUN	 region
The task force returned to the Marshalls 19 February. Between 17 March and 10 April, New Jersey first sailed with Rear Admiral Marc A. Mitscher's flagship Lexington for an air and surface bombardment of Mille, then rejoined Task Group 58.2 for a strike against shipping in	in	ADP	the	DET	 the
Hinduism, often regarded as the oldest religion in the world, traces its roots to prehistoric times in India. The main spiritual traditions of South India include both Shaivite and Vaishnavite branches of Hinduism, although Buddhist and Jain philosophies had been influential several centuries earlier. Ayyavazhi	Ayyavazhi	PROPN	is	AUX	 is
These species are thought to be nuisance to boaters because they slow down the ship if they are attached to the bottom of the hull. However, there are species which have chemical compounds that can be used for medicine. One common species of the bryozoan is used	used	VERB	for	ADP	 for
Jemima tells her life story to Maria and Darnford, explaining that she was born a bastard. Jemima's mother died while she was still an infant, making her already precarious social position worse. She was therefore forced to become a servant in her father's house	house	NOUN	and	CCONJ	 and
Holtz assumed control of a program that won just three games in its past 25 contests. Skip signed 23 athletes in his first recruiting class, including his first commit, Rob Kass. Also included in the recruiting class was future NFL player Aundrae Allison. Skip's	's	PART	first	ADJ	 first
Michael Kilian of the Chicago Tribune published an article on October 7, 1992, regarding the then upcoming release of Sex: " Prepare thyself, [...], The mega event of the millennium is to occur in precisely two weeks. It's an event far	far	ADV	more	ADV	 more
It was here that he became fascinated to the point of obsession with tessellation, explaining: It remains an extremely absorbing activity, a real mania to which I have become addicted, and from which I sometimes find it hard to tear myself away. The sketches he	he	PRON	made	VERB	 made
Initially, Bornemann conceived this auditorium in the form of an amphitheatre, with a central orchestra podium and surrounding audience space. In the summer of 1968, Stockhausen met with Bornemann and persuaded him to change this conception to a spherical space with the audience in the centre	centre	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
Malayan Prime Minister Tunku Abdul Rahman made a first visit on 1958 which was reciprocated twice by the South Vietnamese President Ngô Đình Diệm on 28 – 31 January 1958 and in October 1961. By 1963, when Malaya transformed into Malaysia (with an additional territory in the	the	DET	island	NOUN	 island
" Joss Whedon did state that the show would be autonomous from The Avengers, saying " It's got ta be a show that works for people who haven't seen the Marvel movies. It will please Marvel fans, I think. " He reiterated that sentiment	sentiment	NOUN	in	ADP	 in
They caused only minor damage, although one 12 inch shell, which pierced a boiler uptake, could have disabled all of the middle boilers had it detonated. The shells killed 4 men and wounded 26 others. As the IJN was preparing to invade Sakhalin Island in	in	ADP	early	ADJ	 early
This rating specifies that the ride will have " high speeds and / or heights, aggressive and unexpected forces and rapid directional or elevation change. " Passengers of any age must be 137 centimetres (54 in) tall to ride. Behemoth has a high throughput and	and	CCONJ	will	AUX	 will
At this point, the depression had a weak circulation and ragged convection. An anticyclone to its north caused the depression to move generally to the west, and upper level conditions were forecast to be favorable for intensification. However, the circulation moved away from the main	main	ADJ	area	NOUN	 area
The Militia are the civilian military of the Frontier and the resistance against IMC use of colony resources. Their most important members include Titan War veteran and former mutiny leader MacAllan, intel specialist and engineer Bish, and Marauder Corps leader Sarah. The corporate conglomerate IMC specializes	specializes	VERB	in	ADP	 in
The eyes are located on top of the ants ' head, and they are noticeably distant from the mandibles. These ants range from small to medium; members of the I. conifer species group measure 4 millimetres (0.16 in), being reddish brown in colour with	with	ADP	a	DET	 a
In March 1902, she arrived at Portsmouth for a refit that included the provision of casemates for her upper deck six inch guns, and her crew was temporarily transferred to the elderly ironclad Hercules which also took on her duties at Portland. Captain Fisher and his crew	crew	NOUN	were	AUX	 were
The British director Christopher Nolan had seen the fort featured in the series and decided that he wanted to set the film's opening scenes there. The poor condition of parts of the structure and its ongoing state of slow decay led to it be listed in 2008 on	on	ADP	the	DET	 the
He then won his first event of the season, the Westcoast Curling Classic, against McEwen. He next participated in the Cactus Pheasant Classic as the defending champion, but lost to Randy Ferbey in the semifinals. At the World Cup of Curling, Martin finished the	the	DET	round	ADJ	 round
Virgil (David Holliday) arrives in Thunderbird 2 and scatters the alligators with aircraft's vertical landing jets. Alan (Matt Zimmerman) and Gordon (David Graham) subdue two of the animals with heavy duty tranquiliser guns. When the third returns to the house,	,	PUNCT	Alan	PROPN	 Alan
Super Smash Bros. Melee generally received a positive reception from reviewers, most of whom credited Melee's expansion of gameplay features from Super Smash Bros. Focusing on the additional features, GameSpy commented that " Melee really scores big in the ' we've added tons of great extra	extra	ADJ	stuff	NOUN	 stuff
In a two hour engagement that took place after hours of manoeuvring, the lines of the two fleets did not completely meet, with only the forward and center sections of the lines fully engaging. The battle was consequently fairly evenly matched, although the British suffered more	more	ADJ	casualties	NOUN	 casualties
The guns had a maximum range of 10,700 m (11,700 yd). Blücher was also equipped with four 45 cm (18 in) torpedo tubes. One was placed in the bow, one in the stern, and the other two were placed on the broadside	broadside	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
In 1971, Ellis testified before the United States Senate Subcommittee on Public Health about his experiences with sickle cell and later worked with people who had the disease and raised money for sickle cell research. Ellis collaborated with future United States Poet Laureate Donald Hall on a book	book	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
It is likely that his third claim may have been No. 37 Squadron Wellington 1A N2396, LF J, piloted by Sergeant H. Ruse, which crash landed on the sand dunes of Borkum. Lent was refused the victory over Wimberley, as the Wellington was attacked	attacked	VERB	by	ADP	 by
Dima Grazhdankin believes that these fossils represent burrowing organisms, while Guy Narbonne maintains they were surface dwellers. These beds are sandwiched between units comprising interbedded sandstones, siltstones and shales – with microbial mats, where present, usually containing the fossils. The environment is interpreted as	as	ADP	sand	NOUN	 sand
" Two other ex presidents from the Social Democratic Party, Tarja Halonen and Mauno Koivisto, have publicly opposed the idea, arguing that NATO membership would deteriorate Finland's relations with Russia. Finland has received some very critical feedback from Russia for even considering the possibility of	of	ADP	joining	VERB	 joining
Although the gardens thrived in their early years, by 1842 Jennison was in financial difficulties, and on 13 December bankruptcy proceedings were initiated. Jennison's problems were caused by his failure to sell the Strawberry Gardens property, competition from the recently opened Manchester Zoological Gardens,	,	PUNCT	and	CCONJ	 and
SFScope contributor Sarah Stegall believed the episode " got us quickly back on track after last week's lackluster tale, " and called the killer revelation the greatest shock she has received on the series thus far. She continued that one of her favorite parts of the Peter	Peter	PROPN	as	ADP	 as
In addition to the damage at Everglades National Park, effects in Monroe County were significant, especially in the Upper Florida Keys. Strong winds damaged billboards, awnings, commercial signs, several boats, planes, trees, and 1,500 homes, with 300 of those becoming	becoming	VERB	uninhabitable	ADJ	 uninhabitable
He commented that Spears incorporated the moves learned during rehearsals, but also incorporated " her own flavor ", by adding a small shuffle of steps in her heels. The length of the dresses also presented a problem, and there were discussions about shortening the trains for	for	ADP	safety	NOUN	 safety
Its sugar cane fields and papaya crops suffered extensive damage. The Belizian Government's National Emergency Management Organization estimated Dean's damage to the papaya industry at BZ $30 million and to the sugar industry at 6,000 acres (24 km2) worth BZ $3.6 million.	.	PUNCT	Belize	PROPN	 Belize
She continued: " He's a veterinarian with a great sense of humanity and a very unique take on the [walkers]. " According to Hurd, Scott Wilson was cast because of his " tremendous scope and gravitas ". Hurd also stated that Cohan's	's	PART	character	NOUN	 character
The Declaration of Principles contains the following broad provisions: Any person or organization detecting a signal should try to verify that it is likely to be of intelligent origin before announcing it. The discoverer of a signal should, for the purposes of independent verification, communicate with	with	ADP	other	ADJ	 other
These risk factors are smoking, hypertension (high blood pressure) and excessive alcohol consumption. Having smoked in the past confers a doubled risk of SAH compared to those who have never smoked. Some protection of uncertain significance is conferred by Caucasian ethnicity, hormone replacement therapy	therapy	NOUN	and	CCONJ	 and
The filly regularly ran last. The horse was eligible for the Coronation Futurity Stakes, one of the best two year old races. Smythe was full of blind hope, and on the trainer's advice, entered her in the race. The day of the race	race	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
All the prisoners recovered from the procedure. To test its protective effect one of them, a nineteen year old woman, was ordered to sleep in the same bed as a ten year old smallpox victim for six weeks. She did not contract the disease. The	The	DET	experiment	NOUN	 experiment
The DVD features Adams, and his backing band, rehearsing the material from the album. It also contains behind the scenes footages. 11 overall received mixed, but mostly unflattering reviews from critics. Music reviewer Chris Jones from the BBC wrote generally positively about 11 in	in	ADP	his	PRON	 his
" In 2015, he filmed Florence Foster Jenkins, a film directed by Stephen Frears, alongside Meryl Streep. Grant is playing St Clair Bayfield. Grant has predominantly been a comedy (especially a romantic comedy) actor for almost all of his mainstream film career.	.	PUNCT	He	PRON	 He
He never got past the tryout phase. After his freshman year, he transferred to Miami University in Oxford, Ohio, where he followed Weeb Ewbank as the school's starting quarterback. Under Coach Chester Pittser, Brown was named to the All Ohio small college second	second	ADJ	team	NOUN	 team
Kalika Purana describes him carrying a sword in right hand and a whip in his left, seated on a white horse. Thus he is called Haya Vahana, one who rides a horse. Varahamihira describes him as accompanied by attendants for hunting. In sculpture, Revanta	Revanta	PROPN	is	AUX	 is
She emerged from the battle completely unscathed. After Jutland, Hannover went into dock for periodic maintenance on 4 November. Hannover and the rest of II Battle Squadron were then detached from the High Seas Fleet on 30 November and reassigned to picket duty in the mouth of	of	ADP	the	DET	 the
Vachss was an attorney specializing in child abuse cases, as well as a crime novelist best known for his series of books featuring the character Burke, a private investigator who also takes on child abuse cases. A representative from DC Comics approached Vachss about the possibility of	of	ADP	writing	VERB	 writing
He revived the ancient May Day festival in the town, and was a leading figure in the establishment of Keswick School, Blencathra Sanatorium and the County Farm School. As co founder of the National Trust, Rawnsley contributed to Keswick's continued growth as a tourist centre	centre	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
The game effectively is a port of both Crazy Taxi and Crazy Taxi 2 to this system without any changes to the gameplay, but lacking the in game advertising and the original soundtracks. While the game includes its own soundtrack, the player can use their own music	music	NOUN	stored	VERB	 stored
With the situation in Europe and Asia relatively stable, Germany, Japan, and the Soviet Union made preparations. With the Soviets wary of mounting tensions with Germany and the Japanese planning to take advantage of the European War by seizing resource rich European possessions in Southeast Asia	Asia	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
The substation had a caisson foundation designed to carry the weight of a future building of 25 stories containing 600,000 sq ft (56,000 m2). The final design for 7 World Trade Center was for a much larger building than originally planned when the substation was built.	.	PUNCT	The	DET	 The
" Kicks " became the band's first Canadian number one single when it topped the Canadian Singles Chart in May 1966. The song is considered the first with an anti drug message to become a U.S. hit single. With the passage of the Communications Act of 1934	1934	NUM	,	PUNCT	,
The track " Drowning Pool " by The Walls, which played over the opening credit sequence, is not included on the soundtrack album. The song " Lost Stars " was nominated for numerous awards, including the Academy Award for Best Original Song and the Broadcast Film	Film	PROPN	Critics	PROPN	 Critics
They then run into the real Hitler, who orders their execution, but they escape on the return pad back to their time (Hitler offered to spare them if they performed a charming musical number, but Mort cuts the eager Stewie and Brian off at the first	first	ADJ	line	NOUN	 line
In the Second Test at Lord's, Australia elected to bat first and England made an ideal start. The debutant Alec Coxon opened the bowling and removed Barnes for a duck in his second over to leave the tourists at 1 / 3. England restricted the Australians	Australians	PROPN	in	ADP	 in
Following a rebuffed takeover attempt in 1997 of W H Smith, Tim Waterstone became part of the deal and by May 1998, following the £801 million deal completion, became chairman of the group, with CEO Alan Giles retaining overall control. All Dillons stores were	were	AUX	incorporated	VERB	 incorporated
She delivered supplies to Sasebo before returning to Singapore to begin a refit. Unicorn resumed her duties in December, carrying about 400 troops in addition to the usual aircraft, stores and equipment. She was used by pilots for deck landing practice en route. In March	March	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
But at the same time the tunnel itself was draining away the local farmers ' natural irrigation, and the source of Bramhope town well. Litigation on this subject continued for some years. The number of workers ' children overwhelmed that of the local children in Bramhope's	's	PART	school	NOUN	 school
Preceding this change, elements of the British media had ridiculed Harrison's continued association with the Hare Krishna movement, and some music critics had objected to the overtly spiritual content of his 1973 album Living in the Material World. With his marriage to Pattie Boyd all but	but	ADV	over	ADV	 over
" Although it is unknown when his symptoms began, Renoir was known to suffer from rheumatoid arthritis from at least 1892 onward, an affliction which would severely restrict his artistic production in late life. Renoir, who was then 26 years old, painted Skaters in the	the	DET	Bois	PROPN	 Bois
In later series, as usable material from the books began to run out, there was a progression towards more sophisticated, adult sketches in terms of both creativity and educational content, as the show began relying on material that their younger viewers would be less familiar with	with	ADP	.	PUNCT	.
The launch was delayed until the following day at 11 am. Both of the stations were designed by a team of architects and engineers. The team was headed by Dr. Leonard Pearce, the chief engineer of the London Power Company, but a number of other notable	notable	ADJ	engineers	NOUN	 engineers
P. terminalis grows to 1.5 metres (5 feet), with an upright or spreading habit, and narrow short leaves up to 1 centimetre (0.4 inches) in length. The yellow flowers mainly appear in December and January (Australia's temperate zone summer),	,	PUNCT	and	CCONJ	 and
However, for Charles Singer, " Nothing is more remarkable than [Aristotle's] efforts to [exhibit] the relationships of living things as a scala naturae. " This scala naturae, described in Historia animalium, classified organisms in relation to a hierarchical " Ladder	Ladder	PROPN	of	ADP	 of
" Old Etonian W. P. Wormald was forbidden from joining the crew by doctors, his replacement Stanley Bruce had to stand down soon after the Light Blues arrived at Putney, and he was replaced by novice P. H. Thomas who was unfit having recently returned from Africa.	.	PUNCT	Cambridge	PROPN	 Cambridge
During the autumn and winter, British forces were collected from across the Caribbean at Fort Royal, Martinique, under Cochrane and Beckwith for the invasion of Guadeloupe. Beckwith mustered 6,700 men from a variety of garrisons and sources, his men belonging to the 3rd, 4th	4th	ADJ	,	PUNCT	,
This signified the importance and prestige of the exhibition in the trade and was a recognition of Wren's quality. In 1890 the Kroner Brothers established EOS, a shoe polish factory in Berlin, which serviced the Prussian military. It finally closed in 1934 when the Nazis	Nazis	PROPN	forbade	VERB	 forbade
It was just about a couple of licensed DC characters that didn't really relate to the real world in any way. In a 2006 interview with Wizard magazine, Moore was also critical about his decision to cripple Barbara Gordon: " I asked DC if they had	had	VERB	any	DET	 any
Since the Hassan industrial estate in Irbid, where Salah had factories located, was situated far from the bordering areas, it did not qualify for QIZ status. Salah then lobbied the Jordanian government for extending these regions into other parts of Jordan. Government officials were luke	luke	ADJ	warm	ADJ	 warm
" Alternative Press gave the album a rating of four out of five stars, while The New York Times called it "... one of the most progressive rap projects to be released in the past year. " JazzTimes magazine lauded Thornton's lyrics, writing that his	his	PRON	"	PUNCT	 "
The use of the middle finger has become pervasive in popular culture. The band Cobra Starship released a song called " Middle Finger ", and released a music video that showed people giving the finger. Italian artist Maurizio Cattelan installed a marble statue of a middle finger	finger	NOUN	measuring	VERB	 measuring
The fifth anthology collection is Super Comic Theater: Tales of Symphonia. It consisted of two volumes which were released by Square Enix on May 27, 2005 and September 16, 2005. The sixth anthology collection is Tales of Symphonia Comic Anthology: The Best is a	a	DET	single	ADJ	 single
The larvae hatch after eight days at the earliest, but in some exterior conditions, they may remain in the egg for several months. At the optimal temperature of around 25° C (77° F), they hatch out after 10 to 12 days.	.	PUNCT	Although	SCONJ	 Although
Washburn writes that mastering the game comes with the mastering of the cultural knowledge of Spira to unlock skills and abilities. O'Hagan writes on the localization of the games that impact the game experience, detailing alterations to the script and dialogue with modifications, additions and omissions.	.	PUNCT	Another	DET	 Another
With her colours rehoisted, Achille then made what sail she could in an attempt to join Villaret to the north. It was not until 12: 45 that the shattered Vengeur and Brunswick pulled apart, both largely dismasted and very battered. Brunswick was only able to	to	PART	return	VERB	 return
One in particular, a dress consisting of pork chops, is a parody of the singer's meat dress, which she wore at the 2010 MTV Video Music Awards. During the credits of " Lisa Goes Gaga ", main character Homer Simpson performs a rendition of	of	ADP	"	PUNCT	 "
Redemption also features the Cappadocian clan; the Society of Leopold — modern day vampire hunters; the Assamite clan of assassin vampires; the Setite clan; and the Sabbat — vampires who revel in their nature, embracing the beast within. The main character of Redemption is	is	AUX	French	ADJ	 French
The authorities include writers Harry Altham, John Arlott, Derek Birley, Arthur Haygarth, David Underdown, Roy Webber and Peter Wynne Thomas. Their consensus view is that the only thing that can definitely be said about the origin of cricket is that its earliest record is	is	AUX	in	ADP	 in
The actions of the regiment during the initial landing also gained the division its second Medal of Honor, when Private George J. Peters posthumously received the award after charging a German machine gun nest and eliminating it with rifle fire and grenades, allowing his fellow paratroopers to gather	gather	VERB	their	PRON	 their
However, according to a recent Billboard article, it seems likely that he may in fact become the vocalist for Velvet Revolver, though no official confirmation has been made. Duff McKagan added that they can neither " confirm or deny " Taylor's membership in the band	band	NOUN	but	CCONJ	 but
Both of these coordinates, r (t) and θ1 (t), change with time t as the particle moves. Imagine a second particle with the same mass m and with the same radial motion r (t), but one whose angular speed is	is	AUX	k	NOUN	 k
It was delivered by Ryan Giggs and the ball was flicked on by Roy Keane at the near post – an unmarked Mikaël Silvestre headed it into the net, which gave United the lead. It was short lived, however; in the 18th minute, Nicky Butt	Butt	PROPN	conceded	VERB	 conceded
" In the years when the Deccan Traps theory was linked to a slower extinction, Luis Alvarez (who died in 1988) replied that paleontologists were being misled by sparse data. While his assertion was not initially well received, later intensive field studies of fossil beds	beds	NOUN	lent	VERB	 lent
West of the castle is a later shieling, the earthwork remains of a longhouse. South of this is a rectangular earthwork, with walls over 3 foot 3 inches (1 m) high, which may have been a siege fortification from 1462. If this is	is	AUX	in	ADP	 in
Shakib Al Hasan claimed four wickets, and England batting 50 minutes into the fourth morning before declaring on 209 for 7, leaving Bangladesh requiring 513 runs in their second innings to win. Bangladesh lost wickets at regular intervals at the start of their innings; by the	the	DET	end	NOUN	 end
Lehmann's work was continued and significantly expanded by the German chemist Daniel Vorländer, who from the beginning of 20th century until his retirement in 1935, had synthesized most of the liquid crystals known. However, liquid crystals were not popular among scientists and the material remained	remained	VERB	a	DET	 a
After escaping, Tintin discovers a source of underground petroleum. The U.S. army then forces the Natives off their land, and oil companies build a city on the site within 24 hours. Tintin evades a lynch mob and a wildfire before discovering Smiles ' remote hideaway cabin	cabin	NOUN	;	PUNCT	;
" Kelly thought Shen's two faced nature was the main entertainment factor of the missions. Whitehead found the player's ability to switch allegiances as needed to wear away at " the already fragile grasp the narrative has on Shen's conflicted loyalties. " Moriarty criticized the	the	DET	game	NOUN	 game
As a result, a general strike was called, and on 23 April 1918, work was stopped in railways, docks, factories, mills, theatres, cinemas, trams, public services, shipyards, newspapers, shops, and even official munitions factories. The	The	DET	strike	NOUN	 strike
The remaining editions, Enterprise and Education, contain additional features aimed towards business environments, and are only available through volume licensing. As part of Microsoft's unification strategies, Windows products that are based on Windows 10's common platform but meant for specialized platforms are marketed	marketed	VERB	as	ADP	 as
As the regular 2006 season began for the Twins, Nathan started off strong, allowing no runs from the start of the season to April 25. He also converted 10 straight save opportunities from April 11 to June 17. On June 24, Nathan recorded his one	one	NUM	hundredth	ADJ	 hundredth
Known as the Tana volcanic complex, the two features measure 1,170 m (3,839 ft) and 1,093 m (3,586 ft) in elevation. A sample of rhyolite has been recovered from Concord Point, the easternmost point on the island. Eruptions from Mount Cleveland are	are	AUX	generally	ADV	 generally
Access to the airport terminal is outdoors, but sheltered. The station is located at the terminal of Trondheim Airport, Værnes. The connection between the station and the airport is outside, but there is a roof for the whole distance. The platform is about 190	190	NUM	metres	NOUN	 metres
Author Francis King lived at 17 Montpelier Villas, close to the 5 Powis Grove home of former MP Thomas Skeffington Lodge. He look legal action after noticing an " unflattering " resemblance to himself in King's 1970 novel A Domestic Animal; King had to sell his	his	PRON	house	NOUN	 house
The correspondent for The Manchester Guardian described it as " excellent ", and " a great race in the best traditions " The Observer's correspondent suggested that " the race will rank as one of the closest and most exciting in which the two Universities have ever engaged	engaged	VERB	.	PUNCT	.
Recording for other tracks was done at Ishimoto's studio in Japan. After recording, Ishimoto combined the orchestral and choral elements, and rearranged the main leitmotifs to create more variety in the score. Arrangements for the orchestral tunes were done by Kentaro Sato, while arrangements	arrangements	NOUN	for	ADP	 for
Q * bert's design later included a speech balloon with a string of nonsensical characters, " @! #? @! ", which Lee originally presented as joke. Warren Davis, a programmer hired to work on the action game Protector, noticed Lee's	's	PART	ideas	NOUN	 ideas
On the first play of the 4th quarter, the Bills ' Thurman Thomas ran for a 31 yard touchdown that put Buffalo back in front, 19 – 17. On the ensuing possession, the Giants drove down to the Buffalo 4 yard line, and Bahr made	made	VERB	a	DET	 a
Andy arrives and rebuilds the romantic tent in the yard for a flattered April. Leslie tells Ron about her mental block, worrying she will never again reproduce an idea better than harvest festival. Ron, recognizing how burnt out she is, solves Leslie's problem by	by	ADP	locking	VERB	 locking
The German warships succeeded in sinking 22 merchant ships, although all were sailing independently. However, after their return to port, on 6 April, and being located by a reconnaissance Spitfire, Coastal Command's No. 22 Squadron, from St. Eval in Cornwall launched	launched	VERB	a	DET	 a
Daryle Smith, after being waived in training camp, was re signed to play left tackle. Due to a groin injury suffered by Smith, Davis regained his starting job at right tackle with Heller moving back to left tackle against the San Francisco 49ers in week nine	nine	NUM	.	PUNCT	.
Writer Lê Quý Đôn described the newfangled outfit as an áo dài (long garment). The members of the southern court were thus distinguished from the courtiers of the Trịnh Lords in Hanoi, who wore áo giao lĩnh with long skirts. Chinese style clothing was forced	forced	VERB	on	ADP	 on
The delegates therefore agreed in Article One, Section 8, of the United States Constitution to give the Congress the power " to exercise exclusive legislation in all cases whatsoever, over such District (not exceeding ten miles square) as may, by cession of particular states	states	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
She was en route to the steel mill on Zug Island, near Detroit, Michigan, with a cargo of 26,116 long tons (29,250 short tons; 26,535 t) of taconite ore pellets and soon reached her full speed of 16.3 miles per hour (14.2 kn	kn	NOUN	;	PUNCT	;
In this, the reedbuck raises its neck, exposing the white patch on its throat, but keeping the tail down, and leaps in a way similar to the impala's jumps, landing on its forelegs. This is accompanied by the popping of the inguinal glands	glands	NOUN	in	ADP	 in
Use of the parallel Tremont Street Subway was returned exclusively to streetcars. By 1909, the Washington Street Elevated had been extended south to Forest Hills. Trains from Washington Street were routed through the new subway, either all the way to Sullivan Square, or back around	around	ADV	in	ADP	 in
On October 20, 2012, a remix of the song featuring a rap verse from American rapper T.I. was released online. His rap appears at the three and a half minute mark of the song as he sings about " how he loves it when his lady gives	gives	VERB	it	PRON	 it
The sagas tell of drastic precautions being taken after a revenant had appeared. The dead person had to die anew; a stake could be put through the corpse, or its head might be cut off in order to stop the deceased from finding its way back to	to	ADP	the	DET	 the
He then embarked on a trip to Turkey, where he worked to establish a network of misinformation as well as carry out his MI9 role. There he met two important figures in Turkish intelligence – Brigadier Allan Arnold, the British military attaché, and Commander Vladimir Wolfson	Wolfson	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
They displaced 23,413 long tons (23,789 t) at standard load. High tensile steel was used throughout the hull with mild steel used only in areas that did not contribute to structural strength. The hull was subdivided by 18 transverse watertight bulkheads. The engine room was	was	AUX	divided	VERB	 divided
The division was then made part of the fictional British VII Corps, part of the equally fake Fourth Army, and ' travelled ' to Scotland before returning south to FUSAG. Furthermore, signallers from the division maintained wireless traffic to give the Germans the impression that VII	VII	PROPN	Corps	PROPN	 Corps
Fleming biographer Andrew Lycett noted that, " within the first few pages [of Casino Royale] Ian had introduced most of Bond's idiosyncrasies and trademarks ", which included his looks, his Bentley and his smoking and drinking habits. The full details of Bond's	's	PART	martini	NOUN	 martini
Vrba often dismissed the opinion of historians. Regarding the numbers killed at Auschwitz, he said that Bauer and historian Raul Hilberg did not know enough about the history of Auschwitz. Linn argued in 2004 that certain Israeli historians had misrepresented Vrba's story. Vrba believed they	they	PRON	had	AUX	 had
The HNC recommended against the new policy, and the younger officers, led by I Corps commander General Nguyễn Chánh Thi and Air Marshal Nguyễn Cao Kỳ, disbanded the body and arrested some of its members along with other politicians. As a result of this event,	,	PUNCT	Taylor	PROPN	 Taylor
Long's theories about animal surgery garnered negative attention from the scientific community as well as the literary; biologist William Morton Wheeler wrote to Science in February 1904 that Long's story was " a series of anecdotes which for rank and impossible humanization of the animal can hardly	hardly	ADV	be	AUX	 be
Doctors told him he would not be able to compete for two months, which meant he would miss the July tournament as well. However, Asashōryū was ready by the start of the July tournament and won with a 14 – 1 record. In the following tournament	tournament	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
Which leads them to go to the hospital to gain answers, but it is revealed that Mercedes baby had died and they asked her to prepare for induced labour. Mercedes is devastated and later goes to find Joe for support but is left even more heartbroken when Jason	Jason	PROPN	Roscoe	PROPN	 Roscoe
The night " Media Blitz " was broadcast, almost all of the comedy shows in NBC's Thursday lineup lost viewership compared to the prior week. While viewership during Community remained flat, The Office, 30 Rock and Outsourced each saw all their lowest ratings of the	the	DET	season	NOUN	 season
Warner Bros. invested over $100 million in a marketing campaign for Edge of Tomorrow. The film was initially titled All You Need Is Kill after the light novel. In July 2013, Warner Bros. changed the title to Edge of Tomorrow; Warner Bros. president Sue Kroll	Kroll	PROPN	said	VERB	 said
The main assault on Musa Qala began at 4 pm on 7 December. Several Taliban were reportedly killed in US airstrikes as the attack began. That evening some 600 American soldiers from the 82nd Airborne Division were airlifted to the north of the town in 19 helicopters.	.	PUNCT	Chinook	PROPN	 Chinook
" In contrast, John Nolte of Andrew Breitbart's Big Hollywood wrote, " What MacFarlane ’ s doing fits exactly into our template. He ’ s entitled to his opinion, worked very hard to reach the top of the most difficult business there is to succeed	succeed	VERB	in	ADP	 in
The toothcomb occurs in lemuriform primates (which includes lemurs and lorisoids), treeshrews, colugos, hyraxes, and some African antelopes. The structures evolved independently in different types of mammals through convergent evolution and vary both in dental composition and structure. In most mammals the	the	DET	comb	NOUN	 comb
Slaves could not own property, but their masters often let them save up to purchase their freedom, and records survive of slaves operating businesses by themselves, making only a fixed tax payment to their masters. Athens also had a law forbidding the striking of slaves:	:	PUNCT	if	SCONJ	 if
The Gondoliers was Gilbert and Sullivan's last great success. Gilbert and Sullivan sometimes had a strained working relationship, partly caused by the fact that each man saw himself as allowing his work to be subjugated to the other's, and partly caused by the opposing personalities	personalities	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
Another noteworthy clock, the elaborate Cosmic Engine, was built by Su Song, in 1088. It was about the size of Zhang's tower, but had an automatically rotating armillary sphere — also called a celestial globe — from which the positions of the stars could	could	AUX	be	AUX	 be
Countries were reluctant to release information collected from military radar because of sensitivity about revealing their capabilities. Indonesia has an early warning radar system but its air traffic control radar did not register any aircraft with the transponder code used by Flight 370, despite the aircraft possibly having	having	AUX	flown	VERB	 flown
Sullivan wrote to Hollingshead, saying: " You once settled a precedent for me which may just at present be of great importance to me. I asked you for the band parts of the Merry Wives of Windsor... and [you] said, ' They are	are	AUX	yours	NOUN	 yours
Notable voice actors for the English version include Nolan North, Dave Fennoy, Jon St. John, Ellen McLain, Fred Tatasciore, Merle Dandridge, Jen Taylor, and John Patrick Lowrie, among various others. The Source engine itself was updated with new features to accommodate	accommodate	VERB	Dota	PROPN	 Dota
" In his book Neighbours: 20 years of Ramsay Street, Tony Johnston wrote, " Vilified by ultra conservative groups and celebrated by the gay press, the kiss helped to redefine Neighbours as it entered its third decade. " In July 2007, the Herald Sun	Sun	PROPN	asked	VERB	 asked
Hebel remained unmarried all his life, although in later years he adored the actress Henriette Hendel Schütz. In 1791 he returned to Karlsruhe to take up a position as a deacon at the Karlsruhe Gymnasium, but was instead only named a " subdeacon ". Apart from	from	ADP	teaching	NOUN	 teaching
Much of a temple's economic support came from its own resources. These included large tracts of land beyond the temple enclosure, sometimes in a completely different region than the temple itself. The most important type of property was farmland, producing grain, fruit, or	or	CCONJ	wine	NOUN	 wine
Thereafter, Caffo moved towards the south of Anglesey, where he was killed by shepherds from the area now called Newborough, perhaps avenging the insult on their king. The area of Caffo's death became known at some point as Llangaffo, and a church was established	established	VERB	there	ADV	 there
This was, of course, critical to a project in which Janet assumed the role of mouthpiece for a nationless, multicultural utopia. " Though referring to Jackson's voice as " wafer thin ", Alex Henderson of AllMusic applauded Jackson's spirit and enthusiasm, praising	praising	VERB	the	DET	 the
The highway was completed in less than a year; even after the workers involved in its construction departed, population and economic growth continued. In February 1943, a major fire and explosion in a livery barn, packed with road building supplies including dynamite, caused serious	serious	ADJ	damage	NOUN	 damage
The practice of translocating koalas became commonplace; Victorian State manager Peter Menkorst estimated that from 1923 to 2006, about 25,000 animals were translocated to more than 250 release sites across Victoria. Since the 1990s, government agencies have tried to control their numbers by culling, but	but	CCONJ	public	ADJ	 public
At the time when the wireless network was under consideration, various other American cities already had such networks or were in the process of constructing them. Chaska and Moorhead, both in Minnesota, had city owned and -operated wireless networks, while Philadelphia was considering building its	its	PRON	own	ADJ	 own
Negative pressure suction (at low pressures of – 10 to – 20 cmH2O) at a high flow rate may be attempted, particularly in PSP; it is thought that this may accelerate the healing of the leak. Failing this, surgery may be required, especially	especially	ADV	in	ADP	 in
These are contrasted with more positive reactions to Greece and Western Europe as the centre of civilising and orderly life in other books. In keeping with colonial construction of exoticism in Western literature, however, " otherness " is increasingly domesticated as characters recognise, with greater exposure	exposure	NOUN	to	ADP	 to
Myrtle's husband, George, falsely concludes that the driver of the yellow car is the secret lover he recently began suspecting she has, and sets out on foot to locate its owner. After finding out the yellow car is Gatsby's, he arrives at Gatsby	Gatsby	PROPN	's	PART	's
Williamson had a history of indecisiveness: in 1779, while a junior officer on Captain James Cook's voyage to the Pacific Ocean, Williamson had prevaricated about bringing boats to evacuate Cook from Kealakekua Bay while under attack by Hawaiians. As a result, Cook was trapped	trapped	VERB	on	ADP	 on
The regulars took up strong positions on the hills of Charlestown. Some of them had been without sleep for two days and had marched 40 miles (64 km) in 21 hours, eight hours of which had been spent under fire. But now they held high	high	ADJ	ground	NOUN	 ground
The internal load power rating may also limit operation on the coupled line. Accuracy of coupling factor depends on the dimensional tolerances for the spacing of the two coupled lines. For planar printed technologies this comes down to the resolution of the printing process which determines the minimum	minimum	ADJ	track	NOUN	 track
The plan of attack required the force to move west from positions held near Masan, seize the Chinju Pass, and secure the line as far as the Nam River. However, the offensive relied on the arrival of the entire 2nd Infantry Division, as well as	as	ADP	three	NUM	 three
December 8 saw the X with Orchestra concert at NHK Hall, where, as the name suggests, the band performed backed by an orchestra. 1992 began with three sold out concerts at the Tokyo Dome, titled Tokyo Dome 3 Days ~ On the Verge of Destruction	Destruction	PROPN	~	PUNCT	 ~
In Dibble's view some of the concertante works such as the First Piano Concerto (1894) and the Violin Concerto (1899) are in their orchestration and their lyricism as much in the tradition of Mendelssohn as of Brahms, with whom Stanford's music is often	often	ADV	compared	VERB	 compared
For some people, harming themselves can be a means of drawing attention to the need for help and to ask for assistance in an indirect way. It may also be an attempt to affect others and to manipulate them in some way emotionally. However, those with	with	ADP	chronic	ADJ	 chronic
Systemins are highly conserved between species, whereas HypSys are more divergent but all contain a conserved proline or hydroxyproline rich central domain. In 2006, AtPEP1, a 23 amino acid polypeptide was isolated from Arabidopsis thaliana, which was found to activate components of the innate immune	immune	ADJ	response	NOUN	 response
In the fighting that followed the 11th Battalion lost four men captured, 37 killed and 70 wounded. Throughout June, the 11th Battalion was placed in support of the front as it was brought back up to strength. At this time, the battalion's organic fire	fire	NOUN	support	NOUN	 support
On May 7, 2013, at a bilateral meeting with South Korea's President Park Geun hye at the White House, U.S. President Barack Obama cited the success of " Gangnam Style " as an example of how people around the world are being " swept up "	"	PUNCT	by	ADP	 by
Early in 2002 she paid about £150,000 ($213,375) for a billboard in Piccadilly Circus with a line from Lennon's " Imagine ": " Imagine all the people living life in peace. " Later the same year, she inaugurated a peace award,	,	PUNCT	the	DET	 the
In September 1901, at a major charity match, the press noted the carnival atmosphere. The comedians wore silly costumes – Leno was dressed as an undertaker and later as a schoolgirl riding a camel. Bands played, and clowns circulated through the crowd. The rival	rival	ADJ	team	NOUN	 team
In May 2014, filmmaker and writer Jim Tushinski's full length documentary I Always Said Yes: The Many Lives of Wakefield Poole which features extensive interviews with Poole, " Boys in the Sand " producer Marvin Schulman, and many contemporaries, began playing at film festivals	festivals	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
On 6 April 2010 Brown went to Buckingham Palace to ask the Queen to dissolve Parliament on 12 April in preparation for a general election. In a live press conference at Downing Street, Brown announced the election would be held on 6 May. The time between the	the	DET	announcement	NOUN	 announcement
El Salvador, however, convincingly won their next match, against the Cayman Islands, 1 – 4 with goals from Christian Bautista (50 ') and defenders Luis Anaya (63 ', 80 ') and Xavier García (90 + 3 ') before winning	winning	VERB	the	DET	 the
When Indonesia's independence was proclaimed on 17 August 1945, Adam Malik obtained a copy of the text and dictated it by telephone to his colleagues at the agency. The resulting news bulletin slipped past Japanese censors and was broadcast throughout Dōmei's newswire network. Dōmei officials	officials	NOUN	attempted	VERB	 attempted
Townshend started his career with an acoustic guitar and has regularly recorded and written with a Gibson J 200. A distinctive part of the original band's sound was Entwistle's lead bass playing, while Townshend concentrated on rhythm and chords. Entwistle's was the first popular	popular	ADJ	use	NOUN	 use
" On March 13, 2009 Gaga was presented with a plaque from the Recording Industry Association of America by social blogger Perez Hilton commemorating three million sales of her debut single " Just Dance ", during her performance at the Wiltern Theatre. This show was also attended	attended	VERB	by	ADP	 by
Broyles relays this to his team, requesting they find Rose and bring him in as quickly as possible. At Joshua's apartment, they discover he has a twin brother Matthew and equipment used for a negative matter ring. Their investigation is cut short as they are	are	AUX	forced	VERB	 forced
The album's second single, " Blow ", was released on February 8, 2011. The song accomplished top ten positions in multiple countries including Australia, New Zealand and the United States. Originally believed to only be a re release of her debut album Animal	Animal	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
The Bureau representatives clearly said at the news conference that the both reports are to be submitted to the RS Government, which tells us that the OHR based its condemnation on news reports from the BiH Federation media, which said that the Bureau reports are RS Government's	's	PART	report	NOUN	 report
Michigan did not score until the 9: 28 mark in the second quarter with a nine yard touchdown pass from Denard Robinson to Kevin Koger. The Wolverines added to the lead later in the second quarter on an 11 yard touchdown run by Robinson giving Michigan a 14	14	NUM	–	SYM	 –
Thomson's plum pudding model was disproved in 1909 by one of his former students, Ernest Rutherford, who discovered that most of the mass and positive charge of an atom is concentrated in a very small fraction of its volume, which he assumed to be at the	the	DET	very	ADJ	 very
Purina also sponsored Martha Stewart's pet tips site, Living Omnimedia. The company introduced an advertising campaign for the Alpo brand with the slogan " Real dogs eat meat ". In the ad, over pampered pets were " rescued " and fed Alpo, implying that	that	SCONJ	pets	NOUN	 pets
KzS Karl Windmüller served as Ostfriesland's final commander, until she was stricken from the navy list on 5 November 1919. She was then surrendered to the Allies as " H " as a replacement for the ships that had been scuttled. The ship remained in Germany	Germany	PROPN	until	ADP	 until
The episode is also guest starred by the original Batman series stars Adam West as the young Mermaid Man and Burt Ward as the young Barnacle Boy. Borgnie and Conway later voiced their recurring roles in the episode " The Bad Guy Club for Villains ". Comedian and	and	CCONJ	actress	NOUN	 actress
His real name is not a matter of official record as he is an enmascarado, which by lucha libre traditions means that his personal life is kept secret from the general public. Mephisto is the son of Luchador Astro Rey / Kahoz and has previously worked both as	as	ADP	Astro	PROPN	 Astro
On a fourth down play that the team needed to convert to stay in the game, Couch threw to receiver Quincy Morgan over the middle. Morgan appeared to bobble the ball before grasping it firmly as he hit the ground. After the pass was ruled complete and	and	CCONJ	Couch	PROPN	 Couch
In the United States, the American Kennel Club (AKC) and the Labrador's breed club have set the breed standard to accommodate the field bred Labrador somewhat. For instance, the AKC withers height standards allow conformation dogs to be slightly taller than the equivalent British	British	ADJ	standard	NOUN	 standard
During the initial landings early on 1 July, the 2 / 14th came ashore at the wrong place, landing at Yellow Beach when it had been scheduled to land at Green Beach. Nevertheless, the landing was largely unopposed and after 45 minutes of reorganisation the Australians	Australians	PROPN	were	AUX	 were
If entitled, Roman Catholic clergy may display the red Jerusalem Cross for the former or the Maltese cross for the latter behind the shield, or may display the ribbon of their rank in the order. This restriction does not apply to laymen who have been knighted in	in	ADP	any	DET	 any
The Crimson Tide signed the No. 1 recruiting class according to Rivals.com and the No. 2 recruiting class according to Scout.com. In recognition for his accomplishments in helping Alabama land its highly rated 2012 class, Jeremy Pruitt was named Recruiter of the Year by 247Sports.com.	.	PUNCT	The	DET	 The
A short secco recitative, " Auf diese Schmerzensreu " (" Upon this painful repentance "), introduces the following hymn stanza. It begins with " a musical echo of the torments of the heart swimming in blood ". The only chorale stanza of the work	work	NOUN	is	AUX	 is
Once he has a tight grip, he turns upside down and presses his ventral side against hers. He then inserts one of his claspers into her cloaca where they remain for sixty to ninety seconds. The clasper forms a tube which channels sperm from the genital papilla	papilla	NOUN	;	PUNCT	;
One report states that a round from a 47 mm gun went straight through a Sd kfz 231 and penetrated the armour of the Panzer IV behind it. These Belgian guns were better than the 25 mm and 37 mm guns of respectively the French and the Germans.	.	PUNCT	The	DET	 The
Built on Hendrix's guitar figure, " Who Knows " is framed by Cox's economical funk blues bass line and Miles ' steady drum beat, which Murray describes as " a thick, lazy twitch ". Hendrix explores guitar phrases using different tones and effects between	between	ADP	vocal	ADJ	 vocal
Quay was a close Platt ally in the effort to make Roosevelt vice president. Hanna, who felt Roosevelt was overly impulsive, did not want him on the ticket, but did not realize that the efforts were serious until he was already at the convention in Philadelphia	Philadelphia	PROPN	.	PUNCT	.
He had been arrested by a Maryland state trooper who had found cocaine, marijuana, and a.38 caliber handgun in Logan's automobile after stopping him as he was driving with Kromah and another man in St. Mary's County, being charged with possession of an illegal controlled	controlled	VERB	substance	NOUN	 substance
Nelson's title is a response to John Dewey's Democracy and Education. It intends to show the contrast of Meiklejohn's idealism opposite Dewey's pragmatism. The work is split into five parts based on the places in which Meiklejohn lived: his undergraduate education at Brown	Brown	PROPN	University	PROPN	 University
The decline in the mining of coal after World War II was a country wide issue, but South Wales and Rhondda were affected to a higher degree than other areas of Britain. Oil had superseded coal as the fuel of choice in many industries and there was political	political	ADJ	pressure	NOUN	 pressure
The approved removal of US 27 was finally done in the middle of 2002. MDOT's stated reason for the modification was to " reduce confusion along the US 27 / US 127 corridor ". After US 27's signage was removed, the highway north of the	the	DET	Lansing	PROPN	 Lansing
After one final attempt by the rebels to defeat the government legislatively (which failed by three votes), the resolution to strike the royal commission passed the legislature unanimously the next day. The Alberta and Great Waterways Railway scandal was, for the time being, out	out	ADP	of	ADP	 of
The album's first press of 10,000 copies sold out in a week, topping the Oricon indies chart and reaching number 19 on the main chart. The Vanishing Tour Vol.2 took the band to 20 locations for 24 shows from June to July, while the Burn Out	Out	ADP	Tour	PROPN	 Tour
The long jaws of the frilled shark are highly distensible with an extremely wide gape, allowing it to swallow whole prey over one half its size. However, the length and articulation of its jaws means that it can not deliver as strong a bite as more conventionally	conventionally	ADV	built	VERB	 built
The average shooting period for each episode was two weeks, as had been the case with the previous series. The script for the pilot (titled only in production documentation as " The Most Special Agent ") was written by Anderson and his wife, Sylvia,	,	PUNCT	as	SCONJ	 as
This cast dates back to the early 1930s and is part of the Museum of Victoria's thylacine collection. The early scientific studies suggested it possessed an acute sense of smell which enabled it to track prey, but analysis of its brain structure revealed that its olfactory bulbs	bulbs	NOUN	were	AUX	 were
" Cook later revealed that it was Des who would propose to and marry Daphne. The wedding episodes were broadcast in July and Cook quipped that from the moment Daphne moved into Ramsay Street, there had always been a feeling that she and Des would eventually marry.	.	PUNCT	Despite	SCONJ	 Despite
During the 1840s, the HBC closed most of their coastal trading posts, leaving the coast trade to just Fort Simpson and the Beaver, with the new depot at Fort Victoria anchoring the southern coast. The half century or so of the maritime fur trade and the	the	DET	North	PROPN	 North
Some of the stelae were vandalised during the display. In October 2012, a scholarship in memory of Marwa El Sherbini was awarded for the first time. It is jointly funded by the city administration of Dresden and the state government of Saxony. The Marwa El Sherbini	Sherbini	PROPN	Stipendium	PROPN	 Stipendium
Through the time travel device this points to a narcissistic self fascination, the old cliché that homosexuality is the love for sameness. " Other relationships which have been described or alluded to (both in the television series and other media) include ex girlfriends Estelle Cole,	,	PUNCT	Duchess	PROPN	 Duchess
Later in 2015, Corgan announced that the band would undertake a co headlining tour of North America with Marilyn Manson. The End Times Tour was set to begin in Concord, California, at the Concord Pavilion on July 7, and was scheduled to end with a	a	DET	concert	NOUN	 concert
Simeon sent an army led by two of his commanders, Theodore Sigrica and Marmais, to Serbia. The two managed to persuade Petar to attend a personal meeting, during which he was enchained and carried off to Bulgaria, where he died in a dungeon. Simeon	Simeon	PROPN	put	VERB	 put
Cromwell was sometimes mockingly referred to as " England's Hercules " by his enemies. The Hercules connection is strengthened by the 1996 discovery of the cloak, as Hercules was often depicted with a cloak made from the Nemean Lion's skin. In 1920, the giant	giant	NOUN	and	CCONJ	 and
Rare's Nintendo 64 classics, with Blast Corps in particular, were communal favorites among reviewers, while Perfect Dark Zero, Grabbed by the Ghoulies, and the Spectrum games were liked least. Some reviewers were disappointed by the absence of the Donkey Kong Country series and	and	CCONJ	GoldenEye	PROPN	 GoldenEye
Linda Park as Hannah, Ellie's secretary. In a deviation from the previous films, the Spinosaurus is considered the primary antagonist: Johnston stated, " A lot of dinosaurs have a very similar silhouette to the T Rex... and we wanted the audience to instantly	instantly	ADV	recognize	VERB	 recognize
In a positive review, Chris Thomas from HipHopWired complimented the track, writing " The Harlem native waxes poetics with a dexterous flow. Her rhymes are laden with braggadocios lines about her boss status ". In a mixed review, Kevipod from Direct Lyrics complimented the song	song	NOUN	's	PART	's
The building of the 96 kilometers (60 mi) Kalka – Shimla railway link commenced in 1898 to open up the remote hill regions to the rest of the country and was inaugurated by the then Viceroy, Lord Curzon, in November 1903. The Matheran – Neral	Neral	PROPN	'	PART	 '
They constitute a valuable food source for these organisms due to their high levels of polyunsaturated fatty acids and carotenoids. They also provide an important link in the food chain between plankton and larger fish. This, in addition to their relative abundance and fast growth rates,	,	PUNCT	make	VERB	 make
Its final track, a relatively straightforward rock and roll number sung by Mick Jones called " Train in Vain ", was included at the last minute and thus did not appear in the track listing on the cover. It became their first US Top 40 hit,	,	PUNCT	peaking	VERB	 peaking
As a private citizen, he supported the slavery protections in the Kentucky Constitution of 1850 and denounced the Wilmot Proviso, which would have forbidden slavery in territory acquired in the Mexican – American War. As a state legislator, he declared slavery a " wholly local and	and	CCONJ	domestic	ADJ	 domestic
333 East Avenue in Rochester, New York. He continued there for 17 years. According to Crane's daughter, at Rochester's annual auto show his dealership's exhibit featured a pool table at which Crane would run balls while answering questions. " Working " for	for	ADP	a	DET	 a
Aksionairnoye Obschestvo A. M. Luther v. James Sagor & Co. (1921) and Civil Aeronautics Administration v. Singapore Airlines Ltd. (2004) involved the recognition of sovereign status. It was held in Singapore Airlines that " a question such as that which arises in the present case	case	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
By his advice Ælfstan was appointed to the Bishopric of London, and Oswald to that of Worcester. In 963, Æthelwold, the Abbot of Abingdon, was appointed to the See of Winchester. With their aid and with the ready support of King Edgar, Dunstan	Dunstan	PROPN	pushed	VERB	 pushed
One area where Long War's influence was acknowledged was in the decision to support modding. The development team recognized that Enemy Unknown and Enemy Within were exceptionally difficult to mod, and aimed to make modding more accessible in the sequel. At a panel with XCOM 2	2	NUM	developers	NOUN	 developers
The unit was largely composed of men enlisted as volunteers from areas of the Kingdom of Slavonia and Slavonian Military Frontier, consisting of ethnic Croats and Serbs. The Pandurs saw military action in Silesia, Bohemia, Bavaria and France. The Pandurs arrived in Vienna for a	a	DET	military	ADJ	 military
However, both this character and Violen's second form were cut from the final version of the game due to a lack of resources. In creating the eight, ancillary Maverick bosses, the development team considered holding public, fan submissions as they had done with several	several	ADJ	games	NOUN	 games
Rumors began spreading in the summer of 1990 that Michael Jackson would write a song for Bart on the album. This song was reported early on to be " Do the Bartman ", but executive producer James L. Brooks issued a press release in September 1990 apologizing for	for	ADP	the	DET	 the
Additionally, Burger King was found to have hired an outside security company, Pembroke Pines, Florida based Diplomatic Tactical Services, to infiltrate the CIW and its supporting groups and spy on their members. After these issues came to light, BK terminated Grover and company spokesman	spokesman	NOUN	Keva	PROPN	 Keva
Her appearance garnered Otto her first Australian Film Institute nomination for Best Actress the following year. Otto's next role was in the film The Last Days of Chez Nous, which portrayed the complex relationships between the members of an Australian family. The film earned Otto her	her	PRON	second	ADJ	 second
He also was awarded the Purple Heart for the combat wounds he suffered during the course of the campaign. Ten years after the assault, Shoup remarked of the operation, " there was never a doubt in the minds of those ashore what the final outcome of the	the	DET	battle	NOUN	 battle
Contemporary research indicates this may not be the case. The apron is currently owned by the Masonic Grand Lodge of Pennsylvania. The trowel used by Washington during the ceremony is on display at the United States Capitol Visitor Center. Since the cornerstone laying, it has occasionally	occasionally	ADV	been	AUX	 been
As of July 2007, the site of the fort is a community park. Prior to the outbreak of war, Congress Heights (so called because the Capitol building in downtown Washington could be seen from the tops of the hills) were owned by the Berry family	family	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
President Chester A. Arthur chose Bradley to help recover financial damages from postal officials involved in the Star Route Frauds in 1885, but Bradley resigned this responsibility over differences with U.S. Attorney General Benjamin H. Brewster regarding the prosecution of these cases. At their nominating convention in Louisville	Louisville	PROPN	on	ADP	 on
Observations of these disks show that the dust grains inside them grow in size on short (thousand year) time scales, producing 1 centimeter sized particles. The accretion process, by which 1 km planetesimals grow into 1,000 km sized bodies, is well understood now.	.	PUNCT	This	DET	 This
The conscription system for commoners as non professional soldiers was reduced in size in favor of a volunteer army and a substitution tax by Eastern Han. A small professional standing army existed throughout Western and Eastern Han. During times of crisis, the volunteer army increased in size	size	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
He confided to a friend that politics provided him with the necessary level of emotional excitement, thus making sexual relationships unnecessary. Thus, Bloch suggests, he was accepted by his fellow students as " a basically asexual character, wrapped up in politics and his career "	"	PUNCT	.	PUNCT	.
The Regent Bakery has stated that since the release of the game, its Black Forest cake has been one of its more popular items. Most of the game's soundtrack is non lyrical ambient music composed by Kelly Bailey and Mike Morasky, somewhat dark and mysterious to	to	PART	match	VERB	 match
Jennet Preston was the first to be tried, at York Assizes. Jennet Preston lived in Gisburn, which was then in Yorkshire, so she was sent to York Assizes for trial. Her judges were Sir James Altham and Sir Edward Bromley. Jennet was charged with	with	ADP	the	DET	 the
The density of individual particles varies with different eruptions. The density of volcanic ash varies between 700 – 1200 kg / m3 for pumice, 2350 – 2450 kg / m3 for glass shards, 2700 – 3300 kg / m3 for crystals, and 2600 – 3200 kg	kg	NOUN	/	SYM	 /
Parsons became pale and was helped down from his horse by Hott's sons, so he would not fall. According to Hott, Parsons died moments later. Parsons ' body was transferred to Wappocomo for burial in the Parsons family burial ground. Union Army forces assumed	assumed	VERB	Parsons	PROPN	 Parsons
He would later tell Byrd that the defeat was a blessing, as it allowed him to focus more on issues and committee work, where his best strengths lay and where he could exert influence independently from the Democratic party apparatus, and began a decade as chairman of	of	ADP	the	DET	 the
This side mirrors the tiled detail found in the station side, and once had a neon " starburst " around the sign and entryway. Inside the café, the eastern and southern interior walls are lined with booths. The northern wall holds two small restrooms, with	with	ADP	the	DET	 the
For the next few years, Bowers Mansion was filled with music and laughter. Meanwhile, Persia Bowers was sent to live with friends in Reno allowing her to go to school and learn music. On July 14, 1874 Persia died of what may have been a	a	DET	ruptured	ADJ	 ruptured
On first meeting Croneman, Thrud slices him in half with a sword. When Croneman returns to join a group of mercenaries fighting The Black Currant in Thrud the Destroyer, he is depicted with a line of sutures running down the middle of his face and chest.	.	PUNCT	Thrud	PROPN	 Thrud
Progressive rock songs often avoid common popular music song structures of verse / chorus form, and their extended lengths allow complex themes that can not be fully developed within the span of a three minute single. Musical forms are blurred through the use of extended sections and of	of	ADP	musical	ADJ	 musical
He became a member of the All Union Communist Party (bolsheviks) in 1930. Like his friend and ally Andrei Kirilenko, Podgorny climbed up the Soviet hierarchy through the industrial ladder (delivering the production goals set by the bureaucrats in charge of the centrally planned economy	economy	NOUN	)	PUNCT	)
" Diocletian was one of the few emperors of the third and fourth centuries to die naturally, and the first in the history of the empire to retire voluntarily. Once he retired, however, his tetrarchic system collapsed. Without the guiding hand of Diocletian, the	the	DET	empire	NOUN	 empire
Nolan was also a first team regular as Bolton qualified for the UEFA Cup for the first time in the club's history — where they reached the knockout stages. Following the departure of Jay Jay Okocha in 2006, Nolan was appointed as the team captain, and	and	CCONJ	he	PRON	 he
Each architect submitted designs by 5 October 1998, 10 days later the Design Competition Advisory Panel met and unanimously recommended that the Richard Rogers Partnership (RRP) design should be selected. Davies announced RRP as the scheme architects on 16 October 1998. Richard Rogers said "	"	PUNCT	The	DET	 The
In 2013, Fey starred alongside Paul Rudd in the romantic comedy drama film Admission, based on the Jean Hanff Korelitz novel by the same name. The film was directed by Paul Weitz. Fey later starred in the 2014 comedy drama This Is Where I Leave You	You	PRON	,	PUNCT	,
" Matt Leone of 1UP said that the gameplay has " variety... You seemingly see, acquire, and participate in something new around every corner ". According to Leone, each weapon " adds a lot of depth to the combat system. " Christian Donlan of	of	ADP	Eurogamer	PROPN	 Eurogamer
It entered service in 1929, but was retired in 1935 with the advent of fighters with higher performance. Development of the I 3 began in mid 1926 after investigations into the loss of the Polikarpov DI 1 were completed. Although the new biplane shared many of the	the	DET	characteristics	NOUN	 characteristics
He was typically late to public events, and would sometimes not show up at all. Although Bianco thought he had a " gift for oratory ", he was considered a poor orator by biographers Blundy and Lycett. Biographer Daniel Kawczynski noted that Gaddafi was famed for	for	ADP	his	PRON	 his
Many other teeth and bones from various geologic formations throughout the western United States have also been referred to Acrocanthosaurus, but most of these have been misidentified; there is, however, some disagreement with this assessment regarding fossils from the Cloverly Formation. From the bone features	features	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
All of these divisions and the majority of the support units deployed overseas during 1940 and 1941. An AIF armoured division (the 1st Armoured Division) was also raised in early 1941 but never left Australia. While the Government initially planned to deploy the entire RAAF overseas	overseas	ADV	,	PUNCT	,
Katarn helped her escape, thus ending his career with the Empire. He then became a mercenary, and due to his hatred for the Empire, regularly took on jobs for the Alliance. In the first level of Dark Forces, which is set prior to A	A	DET	New	PROPN	 New
Contemporary infants, it says, faced grim prospects, being pampered in nurseries by mothers who dominated their weak fathers. Such children, the pamphlet argued, could not help but to grow up effete and were " scarcely worth raising ". Some of the blame for	for	ADP	this	PRON	 this
During the first season, Jones felt like he should have more screen time, but later conceded that the show was about Clark's journey and that the other characters are there to help his story move along. Jones was not alone in his wish to get more	more	ADJ	screen	NOUN	 screen
Music critic Richie Unterberger states: " Trying to pin down the first psychedelic record is nearly as elusive as trying to name the first rock & roll record. Far fetched claims have been advanced for songs running from the Tornados ' futuristic 1962 number one instrumental ' Telstar	Telstar	PROPN	'	PUNCT	 '
The interview was broadcast on 26 June 1960; according to his biographer Selena Hastings, Waugh restrained his instinctive hostility and coolly answered the questions put to him by Freeman, assuming what she describes as a " pose of world weary boredom ". In 1960, Waugh	Waugh	PROPN	was	AUX	 was
Despite this, Tkach continued to implement additional changes in thinking including: the shift in emphasis away from observing world events primarily through the lens of prophetic interpretation; the removal of the prohibition of interracial marriage; the allowance of work on the Sabbath; the acceptance of	of	ADP	the	DET	 the
Before this expansion, the monks lived on the second floor and students lived on the third and fourth floors. The first floor and basement had classrooms, a library and cafeteria. The Abbey Church is the liturgical center of the college. It is frequently cited as	as	ADP	the	DET	 the
The song debuted and peaked at number 29 on the Billboard Hot 100 and charted moderately in international territories. Spears and Azalea performed the track live at the 2015 Billboard Music Awards from The AXIS, the home of Spears's residency, to positive critical response. Entertainment	Entertainment	PROPN	Weekly	PROPN	 Weekly
MacArthur then resumed his planning for an amphibious operation, which he tentatively scheduled for 15 September 1950. Navy and Marine Corps officers like Rear Admiral James H. Doyle, the commander of Amphibious Group One, and Major General Oliver P. Smith, the commander of the 1st	1st	ADJ	Marine	PROPN	 Marine
He hired Bo Welch, his future collaborator on Edward Scissorhands (1990) and Batman Returns (1992). The test screenings were met with positive feedback and prompted Burton to film an epilogue featuring Betelgeuse foolishly angering a witch doctor. Warner Bros. disliked the title Beetlejuice	Beetlejuice	PROPN	and	CCONJ	 and
The Zarubintsy culture and its beginnings were moderately affected by La Tène culture and the Black Sea area (trade with the Greek cities provided imported items) centers of civilization in the earlier stages, but not much by Roman influence later on, and accordingly its economic development	development	NOUN	was	AUX	 was
In 2003, the entire back catalogue (except Ballbreaker and Stiff Upper Lip) was remastered and re released. Ballbreaker was eventually re released in October 2005; Stiff Upper Lip was later re released in April 2007. Also in 2003, the band was inducted into	into	ADP	the	DET	 the
Even so, Townsend opted to plead guilty on 27 March and argued for a lenient sentence on the grounds that he was not aware that his acts were illegal. Townsend also solicited the support of anti interventionist politicians and he was sent favorable character references by both former	former	ADJ	Senator	PROPN	 Senator
In Australia, " Duets " drew 1.04 million viewers, making Glee the ninth most viewed show of the night and twenty eighth of the week. It was also up from " Grilled Cheesus ", which attracted 1.02 million viewers and ranked eleventh on the night,	,	PUNCT	and	CCONJ	 and
Lamalginite includes thin walled colonial or unicellular algae that occur as distinct laminae, but display few or no recognizable biologic structures. Under the microscope, telalginite and lamalginite are easily recognized by their bright shades of yellow under ultraviolet / blue fluorescent light. Bituminite is largely amorphous	amorphous	ADJ	,	PUNCT	,
The novel opens and closes with Urania's story, effectively framing the narrative in the terms of remembering the past and understanding its legacy in the present. In addition, because of her academic study of the history of the Trujillo regime, Urania is also confronting the	the	DET	memory	NOUN	 memory
Or people selling arms to African countries, employing slave labour or whatever. What can you say? You just write down ' Cattle prods and the IMF ' and people who know, know. " O'Brien said the song was about the promotional cycle of touring:	:	PUNCT	"	PUNCT	 "
Tennyson penned " Ulysses " after the death of his close Cambridge friend, the poet Arthur Henry Hallam (1811 – 1833), with whom Tennyson had a strong emotional bond. The two friends had spent much time discussing poetry and philosophy, writing verse, and	and	CCONJ	travelling	VERB	 travelling
His influence was enormous, and he is counted as among the greatest of Japanese poets, and perhaps the greatest master of the waka form – an ancient poetic form consisting of five lines with a total of 31 syllables. Teika's critical ideas on composing poetry were	were	AUX	extremely	ADV	 extremely
With different types of music for each member to produce, the albums were not intended to compete on the charts. Destiny's Child's management strategically planned to stagger the release of each group member's album to maximise sales. Michelle Williams was the first to release	release	VERB	a	DET	 a
Malcolm's son King Edgar died here in 1107. Malcolm's youngest son, King David I (r.1124 – 1153), developed Edinburgh as a seat of royal power principally through his administrative reforms (termed by some modern scholars the Davidian Revolution). Between 1139	1139	NUM	and	CCONJ	 and
" BD Gest praised Azuma's skill in making distinct secondary characters, calling them " immediately recognisable ", and saying that they each spice up the story in their own ways. However, Azuma has been criticized for creating characters that are " too clean, too	too	ADV	perfectly	ADV	 perfectly
I hate people who are not serious about meals. It is so shallow of them, " says Algernon in Act 1; allusions are quick and from multiple angles. Wilde managed both to engage with and to mock the genre, while providing social commentary and offering	offering	VERB	reform	NOUN	 reform
This result is not relevant to the explosion. " Mitchell added that his team had found it extremely unlikely that friction or static electricity could have ignited the center gunpowder bags. Tom Doran, a member of Miceli's team from Dahlgren, reported that his team had	had	AUX	conducted	VERB	 conducted
Renamed Navarinon, she supported government forces during the Greek Civil War and was retained after the end of the war. Faulknor and Fury later supported operations in Italy before returning to the UK for Operation Overlord in June. While escorting Convoy HX 280, Gatineau helped to	to	PART	sink	VERB	 sink
During the time when Rauf's influence over the drug business in Mumbai is falling, Kancha decides to grow his influence as a drug lord in the city and sends his aid, Shantaram (Ravi Jhankal) over to Mumbai for the process. Vijay with the help	help	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
While Cuban officers led the mission and provided the bulk of the troop force, 60 Soviet officers in the Congo joined the Cubans on 12 November. The Soviet leadership expressly forbade the Cubans from intervening in Angola's civil war, focusing the mission on containing South Africa	Africa	PROPN	.	PUNCT	.
Each kingdom was led by a cacique, or " chieftain ", who was advised in his exercise of royal power by a council of priests / healers known as bohiques. The line of succession, however, was matrilineal, whereby if there was no male heir	heir	NOUN	to	PART	 to
During the performance, her look was complete with a drop sleeve piece with black lace. While reviewing a concert of the show, Erica K. Landau of USA Today compared Beyoncé's look to Stevie Nicks. She went on to deem the song a highlight of the	the	DET	performance	NOUN	 performance
The game ended in a draw, which left the teams even on the ladder, and a subsequent game was scheduled for two weeks later. In that match, Wilson kicked one of Launceston's five goals as they ran out two goal victors to win their first	first	ADJ	Northern	PROPN	 Northern
Trouble began when white men from several nearby towns lynched a black Rosewood resident because of unsupported accusations that a white woman in nearby Sumner had been beaten and possibly raped by a black drifter. When the town's black citizens rallied together to defend themselves against further attacks	attacks	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
” After the Senate reprimanded Cranston, he took to the Senate floor to deny key charges against him. In response, Rudman charged that Cranston ’ s response to the reprimand was “ arrogant, unrepentant and a smear on this institution, " and that Cranston was	was	AUX	wrong	ADJ	 wrong
The four mosaic angels in the pendentives, which decorated its high rounded walls directly below the church's dome and served as the setting beds for hundreds of thousands of tesserae, were severely damaged. The angels ' damage caused large chunks of mortar and glass to fall	fall	VERB	to	ADP	 to
Consequently, this body was reorganized as the International Paralympic Committee (IPC) in 1989. The IPC is the global governing body of the Paralympic Movement. It comprises 176 National Paralympic Committees (NPC) and four disability specific international sports federations. The president of the	the	DET	IPC	PROPN	 IPC
EMI issued the album in the USA. Two further singles, " Daughters of the Northern Coast " (August) and " Runaway Girls " (November) failed to reach the Australian Top 40. Over 1982 – 1983 Reyne was filmed with Australian actresses Rebecca Gilling	Gilling	PROPN	and	CCONJ	 and
’ says McAlister. Most of the buildings were created with two sides only, as they will only be seen from the front and the side, and some only needed one side as they were only going to be seen from the front, while the Hudsucker building	building	NOUN	was	AUX	 was
The flag of Hong Kong was adopted on 16 February 1990. On 10 August 1996, it received formal approval from the Preparatory Committee, a group which advised the People's Republic of China (PRC) on Hong Kong's transfer of sovereignty from the United Kingdom	Kingdom	PROPN	to	ADP	 to
She eventually landed her troop complement in Verle Bay, after which she used her operational 28 cm guns to provide fire support. By the afternoon of 9 April, most of the Norwegian fortresses had been captured and the commander of the remaining Norwegian forces opened negotiations for	for	ADP	surrender	NOUN	 surrender
Metal Gear Solid has been credited with popularizing the stealth genre. Thief: The Dark Project is also credited as a pioneer of the genre. It was the first stealth game using the first person perspective, dubbed a " first person sneaker ", or " sneak	sneak	VERB	em	PRON	 em
Labor had led the LCL 52.0 to 43.8% on primary votes, but owing to the Playmander, both ended with 19 seats and an independent supported the LCL and returned them to power. Large protests against the Playmander broke out, and there were strong calls for	for	ADP	reform	NOUN	 reform
The song actually transforms from one kind of a thing to another, depending who has their hand on the microphone. " The Guardian's Caroline Sullivan first criticized Cruz for his evident " facelessness " in his music while reviewing his album; she, however, wrote	wrote	VERB	that	SCONJ	 that
Construction work on the exhibition site had started in January 1907, and the exhibition and new station opened on 14 May 1908. The station was on the surface between the two tunnel openings and was a basic design by Harry Bell Measures. It had platforms both sides	sides	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
Untreated, individuals are expected to lose independent ambulation after an average of eight years and be bedridden after ten years. However, it is uncommon to find untreated people nowadays. Medication has improved the prognosis of motor symptoms, while at the same time it is a	a	DET	new	ADJ	 new
The Red Cross also set up shelters and gave food to more than 7,000 people. By October 19, most roads in southern Belize were reopened. The Belize government printed a new postage stamp to help pay for reconstruction costs, and officials authorized spending $1.2 million	million	NUM	to	PART	 to
Sometime between April and May, Hananu had Uwaid execute field commander Mustafa Asim Bey for his involvement in an attack against the mostly Christian town of al Suqaylabiyah, in which many of its inhabitants were killed. Asim Bey was a strongly pro Ottoman, Arab officer with	with	ADP	particularly	ADV	 particularly
Shankly and Paisley had learned a great deal about European football which Liverpool would eventually turn into trophies. The key strategy in two leg ties was " containment away, attack at home ". Shankly applied the principle in a preliminary round tie against Juventus when Liverpool were	were	AUX	away	ADV	 away
All the forts around or overlooking the city are dismantled, the guns taken out of them, the land resigned to its owners. Needy negro squatters, living around the forts, have built themselves shanties of the officers ' quarters, pulled out the abatis for firewood	firewood	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
The abandonment of Abusir as a royal necropolis and the termination of sun temple building are possibly related given the close association between the two since the reign of Userkaf. During his reign Djedkare effected significant reforms of the state administration and priesthood, in particular that pertaining to	to	ADP	the	DET	 the
After repeated failures, he successfully gained appointment to the judiciary as a Justice of the Court of King's Bench on 16 February 1770, leaving to replace Edward Clive as a Justice of the Common Pleas on 25 June. He remained in this position until his death	death	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
The " armored " endotracheal tubes are cuffed, wire reinforced silicone rubber tubes. They are much more flexible than polyvinyl chloride tubes, yet they are difficult to compress or kink. This can make them useful for situations in which the trachea is anticipated to remain intubated	intubated	ADJ	for	ADP	 for
And he's cute. And he's charming, makes you laugh, and you believe him. You think he's the good guy. Then, you realize he's not. " The song was not originally intended to be included on Fearless, due to	to	ADP	Swift	ADJ	 Swift
During the last 10 years of Henry's reign, Hugh witnessed 15 royal charters. In 1180 he was in charge of Rouen in Henry's possession of Normandy, being named constable of the Tower of Rouen. Later, in 1184, he further served the king	king	NOUN	by	ADP	 by
During 1993 – 94 the Main Stand paddock was seated and covered, and the recent work to the stand cost £220,000. The ground's capacity fell to 9,459, including seating for 3,645, after the renovations to the David Longhurst and Main Stands. In May	May	PROPN	1995	NUM	 1995
Animation historian Michael Barrier wrote that Belle " becomes a sort of intellectual less by actually reading books, it seems, than by hanging out with them ", but says that the film comes closer than other " Disney studio " films to " accepting challenges of the	the	DET	kind	NOUN	 kind
Mir was originally designed to fly for five years but eventually flew for three times that length of time. During Phase One and afterward, the station was showing her age — constant computer crashes, loss of power, uncontrolled tumbles through space and leaking pipes were an	an	DET	ever	ADV	 ever
He compared that image of Madonna with that of Barbie. McKeen explained that Madonna intermixed middle class ideas of femininity with examples of what femininity meant to her, which was having equal opportunity. She offered an aggressive sexuality that implied it was acceptable for women not only	only	ADV	to	PART	 to
The Act has been reauthorized twice; Ryan White Programs are the largest provider of services for people living with HIV / AIDS in the United States. Ryan White was born at St. Joseph Memorial Hospital in Kokomo, Indiana, to Jeanne Elaine Hale and Hubert Wayne White	White	PROPN	.	PUNCT	.
Playhouse garnered 15 Emmy Awards, all of them in the Creative Arts Emmy Award category. Reubens had not always thought of his character as one for children, but sometime during the mid 1980s, he started forming Pee wee into the best role model he possibly could	could	AUX	,	PUNCT	,
The name and a logo can be seen on the side of his van at the start of the episode. David is seen reading Anna Karenina, another story about an affair that ends tragically. In the end of the episode, a reference to One Flew Over	Over	ADP	the	DET	 the
It was the sixth highest grossing film of 2010 in North America, and the fourth highest internationally, behind Toy Story 3, Alice in Wonderland and Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows - Part 1. The film currently stands as the 44th highest grossing of all time	time	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
Island legend holds that four men from Chincoteague fought for the Americans at the Battle of Yorktown in October 1781, and that one was delayed in returning to the island because General George Washington had the soldier transport the battle flag to the general's home at Mount Vernon	Vernon	PROPN	.	PUNCT	.
" The show premiered on March 28, 1999. Groening's writing credits for the show are for the premiere episode, " Space Pilot 3000 " (co written with Cohen), " Rebirth " (story) and " In A Gadda Da Leela " (	(	PUNCT	story	NOUN	story
Governor Sanford was a close political ally of President John F. Kennedy, a fact that disturbed some North Carolina Democrats who were suspicious of Kennedy's Catholicism. According to President Kennedy's personal secretary Evelyn Lincoln, Sanford would have been Kennedy's choice for vice president on	on	ADP	the	DET	 the
Desson Howe, writing for The Washington Post's Weekend section, said that " the Klingons ' spilled blood floats in the air in eerily beautiful purplish globules; it's space age Sam Peckinpah. " Maslin considered some effects garish, but appreciated the filmmakers ' tirelessness	tirelessness	NOUN	"	PUNCT	 "
There is no access between I 35E and I 35W here, but Dakota County Road 42 (exit 88B), immediately to the north, connects the two Interstates in Burnsville. Major interchanges south of Saint Paul include State Highway 77 (MN 77, signed as	as	ADP	Cedar	PROPN	 Cedar
On the following day, he has released the first trailer for the album, featuring him and his friends drinking alcohol out of his 2012's Grammy Award for Best Rap Album for his previous album Take Care. On August 21, 2013, the album was pushed	pushed	VERB	back	ADV	 back
On May 5, Christopher made his first appearance as a starting pitcher against the Detroit Tigers. The Athletics won the game, 2 – 1, and he got his first major league win. After another win five days later, he began a long losing streak	streak	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
The ship served with the 1st Division of the Active Squadron during the 1893 fleet maneuvers, along with the ironclad Lepanto, which served as the divisional flagship, the torpedo cruisers Euridice and Monzambano, and four torpedo boats. During the maneuvers, which lasted from 6	6	NUM	August	PROPN	 August
Around this time, the Kenora Thistles, the Manitoba League champions, wanted to strengthen their team for the Stanley Cup challenge against the Montreal Wanderers in Montreal during January 1907. They paid Ross $1,000 to play both matches, a common practice at the time,	,	PUNCT	and	CCONJ	 and
The two Shōkaku class carriers were ordered in 1937 as part of the 3rd Naval Armaments Supplement Program. No longer restricted by the provisions of the Washington Naval Treaty, which had expired in December 1936, and with relaxed budgetary limitations, the IJN sought qualitative superiority over	over	ADP	their	PRON	 their
In 1979, PiL recorded the classic post punk album Metal Box. Lydon performed with the band until 1992, as well as participating in other projects such as Time Zone with Afrika Bambaataa and Bill Laswell. Vicious relocated to New York and began performing as a solo	solo	NOUN	artist	NOUN	 artist
The harvest was small in 1893, and the spring and summer of 1894 were almost entirely devoid of rain. The county also partook of the nationwide depression that began with the Panic of 1893. Butcher was an early victim of this agricultural and economic collapse: in	in	ADP	1892	NUM	 1892
By this time, Harry Pierce has discovered that Lucas is not who he claims to be. Arrested and questioned, Lucas admits his true identity and his past, but convinces Harry to save Maya. A mortally wounded Vaughn is able to " wake up " Lucas	Lucas	PROPN	'	PART	 '
In 1987, Playboy named WMMS DJ Kid Leo (Lawrence Travagliante) " The Best Disc Jockey in the Country ". Cleveland is home to several major hospital systems, two of which are in University Circle. Most notable is the world renowned Cleveland Clinic, which	which	PRON	is	AUX	 is
For this, and other actions safeguarding public funds, Cleveland's reputation as a leader willing to purge government corruption began to spread beyond Erie County. New York Democratic party officials began to consider Cleveland a possible nominee for governor. Daniel Manning, a party insider who	who	PRON	admired	VERB	 admired
It was a conflict that helped to keep Labor out of power for a generation, since DLP supporters chose the Liberal Party in preferential voting. Whitlam supported Evatt throughout this period. In 1955, a redistribution divided Whitlam's electorate of Werriwa in two, with his	his	PRON	Cronulla	PROPN	 Cronulla
Prosecutors pursued Scales ' case because he specifically advocated violent political action and gave demonstrations of martial arts skills. Scales was accused of violating the membership clause of the Smith Act, not the clause prohibiting advocacy of violence against the government. In his appeal to the Supreme	Supreme	PROPN	Court	PROPN	 Court
The opening faceoff of the hockey game was scheduled for 7 p.m. but the NHL moved it to 5 p.m. to avoid conflict. The umpires for the series were Joe West, Dana DeMuth, Gerry Davis, Brian Gorman, Jeff Nelson, and Mike Everitt. The	The	DET	World	PROPN	 World
Phillies starter Cole Hamels was hit by a line drive in the fourth inning and exited the game; before departing, he had retired nine out of the ten batters he faced. Hitting the road for a series against the division leading Florida Marlins, the Phillies were	were	AUX	shut	VERB	 shut
" Days later, First National Bank of Manchester filed a foreclosure suit against Farmer, alleging that no payments had been made on his $300,000 home mortgage since January 2012. Under terms of his pending divorce, Farmer was solely responsible for the mortgage on the house	house	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
During this time, she was fitted with a number of license built Hotchkiss 25 mm Type 96 light AA guns, depth charges and a hydrophone. During the U.S. Navy carrier air attack on Kure on 24 July 1945, Settsu was attacked by 30 Grumman F6F Hellcat	Hellcat	PROPN	fighters	NOUN	 fighters
In December 1941, Japan attacked the United States and European territories in the Pacific Ocean, and quickly conquered much of the Western Pacific. The Axis advance halted in 1942 when Japan lost the critical Battle of Midway, near Hawaii, and Germany was defeated in North	North	PROPN	Africa	PROPN	 Africa
German immigrants were also important in the rise of the cities and the establishment of the Polish burgher (city dwelling merchants) class; they brought with them West European laws (Magdeburg rights) and customs which the Poles adopted. From that time the Germans, who	who	PRON	created	VERB	 created
The court prohibited such actions, ruling "... we must condemn the practice of imputing a sinister meaning to the exercise of a person's constitutional right under the Fifth Amendment. [...] The privilege against self incrimination would be reduced to a hollow mockery if its	its	PRON	exercise	NOUN	 exercise
Soap Opera Digest columnist Carolyn Hinsey dismissed the report, stating on her Facebook page, " Seriously, stop with the Howarth misinformation here please. He is not coming back to OLTL. Case closed. " Some fans were convinced that St. John's character was an	an	DET	impostor	NOUN	 impostor
Stela 9 is a thin slate monument dated to 662. Its text describes the birth of king Yuknoom Yich ' aak K ' ak ' and gives him his full royal title. Stela 28 and Stela 29 were erected in 623 and are the earliest monuments to survive	survive	VERB	from	ADP	 from
Lovecraft scholar Don G. Smith claims that, of the scenes that are derived from Lovecraft's work, the " blasted heath doesn't live up to Lovecraft's description " and asserts that, overall, the film does not capture Lovecraft's intent to "... play	play	VERB	...	PUNCT	...
At the Pope's urging, Venice and Emperor Frederick promised aid. Robert of Courtenay also pledged to assist, while Honorius called upon the Latin princes of southern Greece to join in the effort. The crusade finally assembled at Brindisi in March 1224. In his instructions	instructions	NOUN	to	ADP	 to
Fraser McAplpine from BBC Music has claimed that the song's chorus can be likened to Eiffel 65's " Blue (Da Ba Dee) " (1999). According to digital music sheet published at Musicnotes.com by Sony / ATV Music Publishing, " Disturbia " is	is	AUX	composed	VERB	 composed
Imbudo maintained peak winds for about 12 hours, before the innermost eye contracted to a diameter of 11 km (7 mi) in the midst of an eyewall replacement cycle. At 0300 UTC on July 22, Imbudo struck northern Luzon, with 1 minute winds estimated	estimated	VERB	at	ADP	 at
An animated scene — with artwork based on the comic strip Inside Woody Allen — depicts Alvy and Annie in the guise of the Wicked Queen from Snow White. Although Allen uses each of these techniques only once, the " fourth wall " is broken several other times	times	NOUN	when	SCONJ	 when
He supported a comprehensive program benefiting the coal industry and cosponsored a bill to extending public library services to rural areas. Cooper continued to be an independent voice in the Senate. During the Red Scare, he was critical of attempts to permit illegal wiretap evidence in federal	federal	ADJ	courts	NOUN	 courts
The prerogative is the name of the remaining portion of the Crown's original authority... Every act which the executive government can lawfully do without the authority of an Act of Parliament is done in virtue of the prerogative. While many commentators follow the Diceyan view, there	there	PRON	are	VERB	 are
The use of pace setters in long distance events is very common at the elite level, although they are not present at championship level competitions as all qualified competitors want to win. The long distance track events gained popularity in the 1920s by the achievements of the "	"	PUNCT	Flying	PROPN	 Flying
Verity's Yorkshire and England team mate Norman Yardley was also in the 1st Battalion; the fame of these cricketers made an impression on the local population. Playing several cricket matches, Verity frequently took wickets on rough pitches that were unsuitable for batting. There was even	even	ADV	time	NOUN	 time
An expanded version was later proposed by Barack Obama during his 2008 campaign. Iraq war During his original 2002 campaign, Emanuel " indicated his support of President Bush's position on Iraq, but said he believed the President needed to better articulate his position to the American	American	ADJ	people	NOUN	 people
In casting Al " Gee " Giardello, Levinson decided not to make the character Italian American like the real life counterpart Gary D ' Addario, but rather cast Yaphet Kotto and made the character a Sicilian African American. Kotto, who turned down two feature film offers	offers	VERB	to	PART	 to
The 1850s saw Lord John Russell introduce a number of reform bills to correct defects the first act had left unaddressed. However, no proposal was successful until 1867, when Parliament adopted the Second Reform Act. An area the Reform Act did not address was the issue	issue	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
He returned to Australia in May 2010 to begin his contract with the Gold Coast Suns. At the commencement of his AFL contract in 2010, Hunt became one of only three AFL players to have earned over a million a year, the others being Jonathan Brown and	and	CCONJ	Chris	PROPN	 Chris
ESA uses the facility for tacking, telemetry, telecommand, radiometric measurements and system validation. Satellites include European Remote Sensing Satellite 2 and Envisat. The European Organisation for the Exploitation of Meteorological Satellites uses SvalSat as a ground station for its MetOp satellites, which allows communication	communication	NOUN	with	ADP	 with
It has two landscaped picnic areas. Facilities include a tea shop, with indoor and outdoor seating areas with a view of the lake, and information centre. There are a souvenir shop and small art gallery and two nature trails. The Grebe Trail is a hard	hard	ADV	surfaced	VERB	 surfaced
The A8 is a toll road based on the Croatian vehicle classification using a ticket system — charging for use of the motorway based on distance travelled. The system was introduced as a unified toll charge system throughout the Istrian Y motorways in June 2011. Consequently, vehicles	vehicles	NOUN	using	VERB	 using
They had heavily fortified the ridge, establishing a series of bunkers and pillboxes between weapons pits that were linked with trenches. However, due to the steep terrain, they were only able to move three mortars onto the position, and there were no other heavy weapons	weapons	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
" and " The trade between Great Britain and Eire is of mutual benefit to both countries, and the risks to British seamen which it involves are small. " In the economic depression, the Limerick Steamship Company sold both its ocean going ships, Knockfierna and Kilcredane	Kilcredane	PROPN	.	PUNCT	.
Some skeptics claim that since Journal readers are financial information seekers giving them a free magazine of luxury ads may be a waste of time. Others note the magazine's launch despite a market with declining advertising and a world economy suffering from the Financial crisis of 2007 –	–	PUNCT	2008	NUM	 2008
It received positive reviews in The Guardian and Skeptical Inquirer, critical reviews in The Daily Telegraph and Financial Times, and has been used as a resource in books including Marketing Dictatorship and Democracy, Lifelong Learning and the Learning Society. Kathleen Taylor attended the University of Oxford	Oxford	PROPN	and	CCONJ	 and
The Ritz is reputedly the most expensive hotel in Paris, employing a staff of over 600, the rooms as of May 2011 started at €850 a night. Suites start at €3,600 and up to €13,900 a night for the most lavish ones (Suite	Suite	PROPN	Impériale	PROPN	 Impériale
After the war, Kealoha returned to Hawaiʻi. He died on March 5, 1877, and was buried in an unmarked grave in Honolulu's Oʻahu Cemetery. For a period of time after the end of the war, the legacy and contributions of Kealoha and other	other	ADJ	documented	VERB	 documented
Wigan Athletic's home attendance fell by more than this, with their average attendance for the 2008 – 09 season falling by 633 from the season before. The highest attendance at the stadium for this season was a match between Wigan Athletic and Arsenal F.C., in which	which	PRON	22,954	NUM	 22,954
" In 1958, Nixon, by then vice president, allegedly stated that he regretted some of the tactics his campaign had used in the campaign against Douglas, blaming his youth. When the statements were reported, Nixon denied them. He issued press releases defending his	his	PRON	campaign	NOUN	 campaign
Mild steel torpedo bulkheads of 2.5 inch thickness were fitted abreast the magazines and shell rooms. After the Battle of Jutland revealed her vulnerability to plunging shellfire, additional armour was added in the area of the magazines and to the turret roofs. The exact thickness is not	not	PART	known	VERB	 known
That is, non judicial detention is permitted for the purposes of facilitating the removal of unlawful non citizens, and if the prospects of removal are remote or impracticable for the reasonably foreseeable future, then the detention can no longer be considered to be for the purpose of	of	ADP	removal	NOUN	 removal
The flared lip is absent in younger specimens. The external anatomy of the soft parts of L. gigas is similar to that of other snails in its family; it has a long snout, two eyestalks with well developed eyes, additional sensory tentacles, a strong foot	foot	NOUN	and	CCONJ	 and
The volcanic ash from the destruction entombed and helped preserve these key herbal frescoes. Ancient Greek legends tell of brazen sailors embarking on long and perilous voyages to the remote land of Cilicia, where they traveled to procure what they believed was the world's most valuable saffron	saffron	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
McCarthy was considered the presumptive favorite in the race. Jason Chaffetz, a Republican from Utah and the Chairman of the House Oversight and Government Reform Committee, announced his candidacy on October 4, claiming that McCarthy did not have the votes to win the election. Several	Several	ADJ	Republicans	PROPN	 Republicans
During their first assault on Mysticete, the group are repelled and end up on Minera. Finding their way to a transport tower that can take them to Gardenia, they have a final confrontation with Incarose, who is defeated and forced to provide the power for their	their	PRON	journey	NOUN	 journey
On the night of 10 / 11 April, the whole 2nd Army Group continued its withdrawal, but units of the 2nd Army that included significant numbers of Croats began to dissolve. At dawn on 11 April, Hungarian forces, consisting of the Mobile, IV and	and	CCONJ	V	PROPN	 V
Ochs continued at Ohio State into his senior year, but was bitterly disappointed at not being appointed editor in chief of the college newspaper, and dropped out in his last quarter without graduating. He left for New York, as Glover had, to become a folksinger	folksinger	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
Harrison's Attorney General, William H. H. Miller, through the Justice Department, ordered the prosecutions for violation of voting rights in the South; however, white juries often failed to convict or indict violators. This prompted Harrison to urge Congress to pass legislation that would	would	AUX	"	PUNCT	 "
Are you to tell me that one is as difficult as the other? " She did post graduate work at Boalt Hall School of Law at University of California, Berkeley. Her master's thesis was The Right to Equal Opportunity in Employment, which argued that "	"	PUNCT	the	DET	 the
Shakespeare seems to have diverted quite a bit from this image, making the witches (as Banquo says) " withered, and so wild in their attire, / That look not like th ' inhabitants o ' th ' earth... each at once her choppy fingers	fingers	NOUN	laying	VERB	 laying
The freeway also marks the boundary between Perth and West Perth. Partial access is provided to or from all the roads that the freeway crosses over (or under in the case of Hay Street), with the exception of Roe Street. North of Roe Street,	,	PUNCT	the	DET	 the
Bates began playing professionally for the Class A Advanced Stockton Ports, a Brewers farm team which competed in the California League. Though the Ports only had two future MLB position players on their roster (Bates; and LaVel Freeman, who played in two games for the	the	DET	Brewers	PROPN	 Brewers
In 2009, he has voiced Ultraman Zero from the new movie, Mega Monster Battle: Ultra Galaxy Legend The Movie. In 2010, he began voicing Dent in the popular Pokémon anime series. In the same year he starred with fashion model and actress Ayumi Uehara	Uehara	PROPN	and	CCONJ	 and
Aaron Wise, father of Stephen Samuel Wise, was one of the synagogue's earliest rabbis, from 1874 to 1875. This was his first rabbinical position in the United States, before moving to Congregation Rodeph Sholom in Manhattan. In 1876, the congregation voted by	by	ADP	a	DET	 a
Psaltis graduated from the New York University Stern School of Business at the age of 22. She then went on to work for a real estate consultancy firm in Manhattan, New York, reaching the position of Director of International Real Estate. After meeting an ex boyfriend	boyfriend	NOUN	who	PRON	 who
The 19th century poet William Barnes was born in Bagber and wrote many poems in his native Dorset dialect. Originating from the ancient Norse and Saxon languages, the dialect was prevalent across the Blackmore Vale but has fallen into disuse. Dorset's flag, which is known	known	VERB	as	ADP	 as
They are / a /, / ɛ /, / ɪ /, / o /, and / u /, their long counterparts / aː /, / ɛː /, / iː /, / oː / and / uː /, and three diphthongs,	,	PUNCT	/	SYM	 /
The fleet was back in Kiel by 15 August, where preparations for the autumn maneuvers began. On 22 – 24 August, the fleet took part in landing exercises in Eckernförde Bay outside Kiel. The maneuvers were paused from 31 August to 3 September when the fleet	fleet	NOUN	hosted	VERB	 hosted
" You'll Always Find Your Way Back Home " fell one spot to number eighty eight in the following week, but on the week ending May 2, 2009 it reached its peak on the Hot 100 at number eighty one due to digital downloads that placed it	it	PRON	at	ADP	 at
It hit number 2 in the UK, but it was not the American breakthrough CBS had hoped for, reaching only number 128 on the Billboard chart. The album's first UK single, the hard rocking " Tommy Gun ", rose to number 19, the	the	DET	highest	ADJ	 highest
" Bertie Wooster's half forgotten vocabulary also provides a further humorous device. In Jeeves and the Feudal Spirit Bertie asks Jeeves " Let a plugugly like young Thos loose in the community with a cosh, and you are inviting disaster and... what's the word?	?	PUNCT	Something	PRON	 Something
On Bimini, most residents who evacuated to shelters returned to their homes within two days of the hurricane. The Bahamian Red Cross quickly assessed the damage on Grand Bahama and Bimini, and successfully requested to be included under the federation's hurricane appeal for Central America.	.	PUNCT	Local	ADJ	 Local
Over the course of twelve months and with a budget of $1 million, Resident Evil 2 was ported to the console by a staff of about 20 employees from Capcom Production Studio 3, Angel Studios and Factor 5. This version offers features that were not included	included	VERB	on	ADP	 on
McClane finally arrives just in time to prevent Farrell from being killed by assassins working for Mai Linh (Maggie Q), a mysterious cyber terrorist who works for her boss and love interest, Thomas Gabriel (Timothy Olyphant). En route to Washington, D.C. with	with	ADP	McClane	PROPN	 McClane
As she prepares to leave, the stairlift returns downstairs and Andras's bell rings. Katy is scared of going upstairs, but, at Shell's insistence, the two go to check on him. Katy and Shell explore and enter Hector's bedroom, where they	they	PRON	find	VERB	 find
Its earliest known inhabitants were the Amorites in the early second millennium BC, and by the end of the millennium Arameans were mentioned as inhabiting the area. Arabs arrived in the city in the late first millennium BC; the soldiers of the Palmyrene sheikh Zabdibel, who	who	PRON	aided	VERB	 aided
He then reveals that he did this because of what he perceives as the town's stupidity at voting for Quimby, the Democrat, whereas Bob claims they really desire and need " a cold hearted Republican to cut [their] taxes, brutalize criminals, and rule	rule	VERB	[	X	 [
The MCC fielded seven players who would represent England in the Tests, and were basically a full strength Test outfit, while Australia fielded their strongest XI, so the fixture was effectively a dress rehearsal for the Tests. Bradman opted to play Brown out of the position	position	NOUN	in	ADP	 in
In 2009, Molly Kronberg, widow of Kenneth Kronberg, sued LaRouche in federal court for the Eastern District of Virginia, in Alexandria, alleging that he and his associates libelled and harassed her on account of her compelled testimony in the 1988 case which led to his	his	PRON	conviction	NOUN	 conviction
He also felt cynical about the commercial aspect of making albums and did not tour for the album, citing disinterest in playing large concert venues. Upon its release, Election Special received generally positive reviews from music critics, who complimented its topical protest songs and Cooder's	's	PART	musicianship	NOUN	 musicianship
The Shames from Ipswich, Massachusetts, were popular in the New England and Upstate New York area and released the single, " My World is Upside Down " in 1966. The Squires, from Bristol, Connecticut, released the song, " All the Way "	"	PUNCT	on	ADP	 on
Bush had achieved notable gains among seniors, non college whites, and moderate and conservative Democrats since leaving office, although majorities disapproved of his handling of the economy (53 percent) and the Iraq War (57 percent). His 47 percent approval rating was equal	equal	ADJ	to	ADP	 to
In accordance with the instructions of Secretary Francis Walsingham, he occupied himself chiefly in collecting information of the Spanish and French movements, and " making diligent inquirie of such things as might yield any light unto our westerne discoverie in America ". Although this was his only	only	ADJ	visit	NOUN	 visit
Tarbosaurus bite marks have also been identified on hadrosaur and sauropod fossils, but theropod bite marks on bones of other theropods are very rare in the fossil record. The skull of Tarbosaurus was completely described for the first time in 2003. Scientists noted key differences between Tarbosaurus	Tarbosaurus	PROPN	and	CCONJ	 and
Thurop Van Orman, the creator of The Marvelous Misadventures of Flapjack, was also hired on as a supervising producer, providing guidance for the series ' first two seasons. In addition to the 26 episodes created during the first season, several others were commissioned and storyboarded	storyboarded	VERB	,	PUNCT	,
Station managers may make exceptions for passengers with small children, the elderly, or the disabled. Metro now allows the use of restrooms by passengers who gain a station manager's permission, except during periods of heightened terror alerts. On October 27, 2008, the	the	DET	Metro	PROPN	 Metro
Lady Fidget has already explained to her husband that Horner " knows china very well, and has himself very good, but will not let me see it lest I should beg some. But I will find it out, and have what I came for yet "	"	PUNCT	(	PUNCT	 (
The name Kali is derived from the Sanskrit " Kālá ", or time — she therefore represents Time, Change, Power, Creation, Preservation, and Destruction. " Kali " also mean " the black one ", the feminine noun of the Sanskrit adjective Kālá	Kālá	PROPN	.	PUNCT	.
" Twenty six respondents said they felt a newfound sense of moral certitude and spiritual growth, while ten " discovered a firm determination to carry their cultivation through to the end goal of enlightenment or consummation, no matter what obstacles might appear in their path. " In	In	ADP	July	PROPN	 July
The earlier start in these countries was timed to coincide with their Easter holidays and avoided competition from forthcoming summer films, although this placed it in direct competition with Thor in some countries. By the end of its opening weekend, the film had accrued a total of	of	ADP	$	SYM	 $
On July 29, 2008, the PGPD and PGSO raided the home of Cheye Calvo, the mayor of the Town of Berwyn Heights. The raid team did not coordinate their action with the local police department as required by mutual agreement, nor did they did not	not	PART	obtain	VERB	 obtain
Up to 90 percent of VZ wagons were bought by fleet companies and Holden sought to attract more retail customers. The decision was made to develop a sportier, more stylish wagon as an alternative to SUVs. The Sportwagon, unlike the previous VZ wagon, which shared	shared	VERB	its	PRON	 its
The vimana of their temples (tower over the shrine) is a compromise in detail between the plain stepped style of the early Chalukyas and the decorative finish of the Hoysalas. To the credit of the Western Chalukya architects is the development of the lathe turned (tuned	tuned	VERB	)	PUNCT	)
" Vandernoot recalled, " I think I was quite close to Tessa, she was very well written, very easy to play and I wish I was like that. I'm not sure I'd like that but... it's very nice, you know,	,	PUNCT	to	PART	 to
As a consequence, wars are no longer confined to a battlefield, but the theatre of operations is fluid, and commanders now operate inside the theatre. To prove his theory, Smith provides a detailed history of modern warfare, using examples from history to illustrate his	his	PRON	contentions	NOUN	 contentions
Anne quickly finds him and the two happily walk off down a street, arm in arm. That night at a party, Wentworth announces his intention to marry Anne, much to Mr. Elliot's consternation. The final scene shows Wentworth and Anne on a naval ship	ship	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
In 2013, Great Eastern Highway remained as a road of particular concern, with the Australian Automobile Association giving 67% of the highway a low one- or two star rating (out of five), and 77% of the route between The Lakes and Northam a	a	DET	one	NUM	 one
Khitan rulers were expected to hand over power to a paternal relative after serving a single three year term. Abaoji signaled his desire to become a permanent ruler at his accession in 907, securing his position by killing most of the other Khitan chieftains. Between 907 and	and	CCONJ	910	NUM	 910
The whole day was spent bombarding the enemy in Arnhem using artillery and ground attack aircraft. The RAF laid on 36 Spitfire and 83 rocket firing Typhoon sorties to soften up the German positions and the attack was preceded by one of the heaviest artillery barrages ever fired by	by	ADP	I	PRON	 I
Beckham opened the scoring for United with a long range effort, but Dennis Bergkamp drew Arsenal level with a shot that deflected off United's centre back Jaap Stam. Arsenal then thought they had taken the lead when Nicolas Anelka put the ball in the back of United	United	PROPN	's	PART	's
(...) The [Hungarians] passed by Kiev over the hill now called Hungarian and on arriving at the Dnieper, they pitched camp. They were nomads like the Polovcians. Coming out of the east, they struggled across the great mountains and began to fight	fight	VERB	against	ADP	 against
In June 1945, Orizaba was transferred under Lend Lease to the Brazilian Navy where she served as Duque de Caxias (U 11). In August 1945, Duque de Caxis carried parts of the Brazilian Expeditionary Force from Naples back to Rio de Janeiro. The ship	ship	NOUN	was	AUX	 was
Widerøe introduced international services to Gothenburg and Berlin. In 1994, the domestic and international flights to the European Union were deregulated, and the number of international services increased and Fornebu received airlines such as Air Malta, Air Portugal, AirUK and LOT Polish Airlines. Other	Other	ADJ	airlines	NOUN	 airlines
A post mortem revealed Parker had died as a result of stab wounds inflicted by a bladed instrument. Parker's murder sparked what became one of the biggest police inquiries in the history of Peterborough. During the weekend following the attack, twelve suspects of Pakistani descent were	were	AUX	arrested	VERB	 arrested
These patterns are sometimes used in woven garments, most importantly in the traditional ' rushnyk ', a woven cloth used for ceremonial events like religious services, funerals, and other more mundane social functions, such as a host offering guests bread and salt served on a	a	DET	rushnyk	NOUN	 rushnyk
Benson identifies Bond's fear when the flight to Istanbul encounters severe turbulence from a storm, and notes Bond's apparent nervousness when he first meets Romanova; he seems concerned and guilty about his mission. The other characters in the book are also well developed, according	according	VERB	to	ADP	 to
The player has the option every round to either use a restorative item from their inventory, use a special skill, run from combat, or attack. Enemy units are defeated when their hit points, a numerical representation of their vitality, reaches zero. Hit points	points	NOUN	can	AUX	 can
Another side trade was smuggling along the Pacific coast of the Spanish Empire, where foreign trade was prohibited by Spanish law. This trade peaked in the 1810s, then faded in the 1820s. Traders concentrated on Alta California, which produced a surplus of grain, beef	beef	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
After running the show in 1939, Mrs Cruft sold the show to The Kennel Club, however due to World War II, it wasn't until 1948 when they ran the show for the first time. The show would remain being called Cruft's until 1974,	,	PUNCT	when	SCONJ	 when
Jeopardy! is featured in a subplot of the 1992 film White Men Can't Jump, in which Gloria Clemente (Rosie Perez) attempts to pass the show's auditions. She succeeds, and ends up appearing on the show, winning over $14,000. Other	Other	ADJ	films	NOUN	 films
The episode features the return of Laura San Giacomo as Harmony Chase and the introduction of the recurring character of Max (Adam Rose). San Giacomo and Colantoni, who had previously co starred on the sitcom Just Shoot Me!, lobbied for more storylines together after	after	ADP	rekindling	VERB	 rekindling
On 1 December the party had their first sighting of what was indubitably dry land, a nunatak which had been recorded by Scott during the Discovery expedition in 1902. After reaching this point they collected geological specimens and samples of mosses, and briefly explored their surroundings before	before	ADP	returning	VERB	 returning
Even in this case, the bliss of El Dorado is fleeting: Candide soon leaves the village to seek Cunégonde, whom he eventually marries only out of a sense of obligation. Another element of the satire focuses on what William F. Bottiglia, author of many published	published	VERB	works	NOUN	 works
At the end of the game, the highest scoring contestant would play a bonus round called the " Shopper's Special " where all the vowels in the puzzle were already there, and the contestant had 30 seconds to call out consonants in the puzzle. Edd Byrnes	Byrnes	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
The periodic table provides a useful framework for analyzing chemical behavior, and is widely used in chemistry and other sciences. Dmitri Mendeleev published in 1869 the first widely recognized periodic table. He developed his table to illustrate periodic trends in the properties of the then known elements	elements	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
The implication is that Tony, the villain, had been grooming the child for some time before he went to prison, when she was only 12. But such a thing really would be too real, and too controversial, so the viewer only gets to see	see	VERB	the	DET	 the
His operas made him the most frequently performed composer at the world's leading opera houses in the nineteenth century. At the same time as his successes in Paris, Meyerbeer, as a Prussian Court Kapellmeister (Director of Music) from 1832, and from 1843 as	as	ADP	Prussian	PROPN	 Prussian
Clark spent the next five seasons with the Rochester Red Wings of the International League, part of the St. Louis Cardinals organization. In 80 games in 1953, he had a.328 batting average. He came close to making the 1954 International League All Star team, but	but	CCONJ	missed	VERB	 missed
Old World monkeys, dogs, and cats did not diverge or arrive in Africa until later in the Miocene. However, more recent dating of divergence of the Malagasy mammalian clades falls outside of this land bridge window, and a much greater diversity of mammal groups would	would	AUX	be	AUX	 be
Development of " Easy " began when the American rock band Orson discovered that the Sugababes were working on the album, in which they proposed ideas for new tracks. They subsequently wrote the song with the group, and produced it. Backed by bass synthesizers, it	it	PRON	is	AUX	 is
Musth rumbles may be answered by the " female chorus ", a low frequency, modulated chorus produced by several cows. A loud postcopulatory call may be made by an oestrous cow after mating. When a cow has mated, her family may produce calls of excitement	excitement	NOUN	known	VERB	 known
He also reports that of the 6,000 Roman and allied cavalry, only 370 survived. Livy wrote, " Forty thousand foot, two thousand seven hundred horse, there being an equal number of citizens and allies, are said to have been slain. " He also	also	ADV	reports	VERB	 reports
New York magazine's Amy Odell commented that " The intricacy of her [Knowles '] wardrobe [in the video] suggests she's feeling the Gaga pressure. " She further added: " In a burgeoning phenomenon we might call the Gaga Effect, divas everywhere	everywhere	ADV	may	AUX	 may
A number of small changes were made to the obverse design in the 1990s and early 2000s. The Presidential $1 Coin Act of 2005 required that the cent's reverse be redesigned for 2009, and that four different designs for the Abraham Lincoln Bicentennial be issued.	.	PUNCT	The	DET	 The
Hazen's group surveyed only four townships, and incompletely, and Pawling's three, also incompletely. In November 1789 Jones began acting as the deputy surveyor in Nassau District as Frey had left Upper Canada, and he officially received the position in early 1791 on the	the	DET	order	NOUN	 order
The community is also proud of its Ladin or Tyrolean culture, which continues to survive despite the increasing pressure it has faced in recent years. Its importance is even beginning to be recognized by the local authorities who in December 2007 decided to use Ladin on signs for	for	ADP	the	DET	 the
In the Central Pacific Hurricane Center's area of responsibility (140° W to the International dateline), three tropical cyclones formed. One of those stayed as a tropical depression through its life. One strengthened into a hurricane, and another crossed into the northwestern Pacific	Pacific	PROPN	before	ADP	 before
The clubhouse houses facilities on two floors, including a gymnasium, seven lecture and meeting rooms for 260 people, an event hall with kitchens and a bar, VIP meeting rooms and offices, a lounge bar and cafeteria seating 350 people, and two balconies. The	The	DET	outside	NOUN	 outside
It will then move into the northern sky, entering Perseus in 2128 and Camelopardalis (where it will reach its northernmost declination) in 2173. In 2005, the diameter of Eris was measured to be 2397 ± 100 km, using images from the Hubble Space Telescope	Telescope	PROPN	(	PUNCT	 (
Within a few hours, the BeppoSAX team localized the burst to an error box — a small area around the specific position to account for the error in the position — with a diameter of approximately 10 arcminutes. After a rough position of the burst had been determined	determined	VERB	,	PUNCT	,
(1996) Mukundasmaraṇam (मुकुन ् दस ् मरणम ्) – Sanskrit hymn of praise. (1996) Śrīrāghavābhyudayam (श ् रीराघवाभ ् युदयम ्) – Single act Sanskrit play poem. (1996) Śrīrāghavendraśatakam (श ् रीराघवेन ् द ् रशतकम ्	्	PROPN	)	PUNCT	)
Nonetheless, Météo France (MFR) assigned the name Hudah to the cyclone. An eye formed, and the storm intensified into a tropical cyclone on March 27 well to the southeast of Diego Garcia. On April 1, the MFR upgraded it to a very intense	intense	ADJ	tropical	ADJ	 tropical
The Visuddhimagga reflects changes in interpretation which appeared during the centuries since the Buddha's time. The Australian Buddhist monastic Shravasti Dhammika is critical of contemporary practice. He concludes that Buddhaghosa did not believe that following the practice set forth in the Visuddhimagga will really lead him to	to	ADP	Nirvana	PROPN	 Nirvana
Other notable Irish physicists include Ernest Walton, winner of the 1951 Nobel Prize in Physics. With Sir John Douglas Cockcroft, he was the first to split the nucleus of the atom by artificial means and made contributions to the development of a new theory of wave equation	equation	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
In 2012, she appeared in an ESPN feature called Title IX is Mine: USWNT. Lloyd was featured along with her national teammates in the EA Sports ' FIFA video game series in FIFA 16, the first time women players were included in the game. In	In	ADP	September	PROPN	 September
The Castle is one of many in Scotland said to be haunted by Mary's spirit. The English Earl of Northumberland was also held here, after fleeing to Scotland following the failure of the Catholic Rising of the North in 1570. He was captured by the Earl	Earl	PROPN	of	ADP	 of
Approximately 141,00 people were left without electricity. Winds up to 85 mph (137 km / h) in North Carolina downed trees and power lines, and left 65,000 homes without power. Charley destroyed 40 houses and damaged 2,231 other homes in the state. Throughout the	the	DET	United	PROPN	 United
Krueger agreed to this request, and ordered that three of the battalion's four infantry companies be sent to Arawe. " G " Company of the 2nd Battalion, 158th Infantry arrived on 27 December and the other two companies reached Arawe in early January. After organizing	organizing	VERB	his	PRON	 his
As nemertea are otherwise completely soft bodied, one would expect fossils of them to be extremely rare. The Middle Cambrian fossil Amiskwia from the Burgess Shale has been classed as a nemertean, based on a resemblance to some unusual deep sea swimming nemerteans, but few paleontologists	paleontologists	NOUN	accept	VERB	 accept
When Giridhar was seven, he memorised the entire Ramcharitmanas of Tulsidas, consisting of around 10,900 verses with chapter and verse numbers, in 60 days, assisted by his grandfather. On Rama Navami day in 1957, he recited the entire epic while fasting. Later,	,	PUNCT	Giridhar	PROPN	 Giridhar
The town itself has a historic late 18th and 19th centuries core based on a grid pattern, located between Hubberston Pill and Castle Pill and extending inland for 500 metres (1,600 ft). Milford Haven's 20th century expansion took in several other settlements. Hakin and	and	CCONJ	Hubberston	PROPN	 Hubberston
The community had heard of the Spacewar concept, however, and understood that Russell would spearhead the development of it. When members of the community began to feel the time was right to start work on the game, Russell, nicknamed " Slug " because of his	his	PRON	tendency	NOUN	 tendency
After seven years of absence, she returned to film in the 2010 musical Burlesque. Cher's first studio album in 12 years, Closer to the Truth (2013), became her highest charting solo album in the U.S. to date at number three. Cher has	has	AUX	won	VERB	 won
Global followed the first OST with More Cold Feet in 2000. In 2001, UMTV released the two disc soundtrack Cold Feet, followed by The Very Best of Cold Feet in 2003. EMI Gold released Cold Feet in 2006. Cheatwell Games issued a licensed board game	game	NOUN	in	ADP	 in
The total distance from Oslo to Bergen via Drammen is 493 kilometres (306 mi), while the Bergen Line proper is 372 kilometres (231 mi). The line has 182 tunnels, totaling ca. 73 kilometres (45 mi), of which ten are	are	AUX	over	ADP	 over
He resumed his feud with González, before migrating to another angle against La Familia's main tag team, Thunder and Lightning, composed of Reynaldo " Thunder " Rodríguez and Alex " Lightning " Cruz. Teaming with his father and bother, Eddie Colón, he earned	earned	VERB	a	DET	 a
Bowden doubts that afterlife beliefs were a very important aspect of mystery cults and therefore thinks their resemblance to Christianity was small. Jaime Alvar, in contrast, argues that the mysteries of Isis, along with those of Mithras and Cybele, did involve beliefs about salvation and	and	CCONJ	the	DET	 the
Here, the flows crossed the British Columbia border into the U.S. state of Alaska and blocked the Blue River, a tributary of the Unuk River, forming several lakes. The lava flows in total are about 22 km (14 mi) long and still contain their	their	PRON	original	ADJ	 original
Gretzky did not attend the Coyotes ' training camp, leaving associate head coach Ulf Samuelsson in charge, due to an uncertain contractual status with the club, whose bankruptcy hearings were continuing. Bidders for the club had indicated that Gretzky would no longer be associated with the	the	DET	team	NOUN	 team
Due to political issues between Chile and Argentina, the former placed an order for 46 tanks, although this was later cut short to 21 when the contract was canceled by the French government in 1981. In 1982, Cyprus acquired a total of 16 AMX 30B2s and	and	CCONJ	a	DET	 a
On December 21, 2013, the video was parodied on Saturday Night Live, with cast members portraying the couple having sex while riding a red nosed reindeer. On December 23, 2013, Ricky Spicer of the Ponderosa Twins Plus One filed a lawsuit against West over	over	ADP	the	DET	 the
She promises not to cut her hair until they are reunited, and Kaspar returns to Denmark. Later, Ingeborg's husband dies in an accident, and Ingeborg sends a letter to Kaspar. However, it is accidentally dropped by the postman, and never arrives.	.	PUNCT	When	SCONJ	 When
Her parents married in 1940 and divorced in 1979. Wintour was named after her maternal grandmother, Anna Baker (born Gilkynson), a merchant's daughter from Pennsylvania. Audrey Slaughter, a magazine editor who founded publications such as Honey and Petticoat, is her stepmother	stepmother	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
Hammond, one of the first players selected, was part of the selection committee on tour, and the M.C.C. captain, Douglas Jardine, may have discussed tactics with him on the outward journey. Hammond disapproved of Bodyline bowling, believing it to be dangerous, although	although	SCONJ	he	PRON	 he
For American airborne operations, see American airborne landings in Normandy. Operation Tonga was the codename given to the airborne operation undertaken by the British 6th Airborne Division between 5 June and 7 June 1944 as a part of Operation Overlord and the D Day landings during the Second	Second	PROPN	World	PROPN	 World
The 2 6 4 wheel arrangement was not in common use in Great Britain at this time, as many railway companies operated routes that required locomotives with greater fuel capacity, or short branch lines that necessitated smaller locomotives. The 2 6 4 tank engine design had only	only	ADV	been	AUX	 been
The desirability of this state of affairs has been questioned on the basis that " [i] f an elected President is to have a mandate to protect the reserves and to veto proposed public appointments, it is desirable that he should receive a minimum percentage of votes	votes	NOUN	cast	VERB	 cast
The baby smiles at the boy in gratitude. The 1958 version by the Harry Simeone Chorale is the standard, and hit the unparalleled record of placing in the Top 40 for five straight Christmases in a row. Simeone recorded the song in a Greenwich Village cathedral to	to	PART	give	VERB	 give
After the Steelers defense stopped the Chargers on their next drive, Pittsburgh's Santonio Holmes returned a punt 67 yards to tie the game at seven. With two minutes remaining in the first half Nate Kaeding converted a 42 yard field goal to reclaim the lead for the	the	DET	Chargers	PROPN	 Chargers
In the summer of 2001, a public argument broke out between the two on the internet forum mightybigtv.com (later known as Television Without Pity). Cleveland claimed to have had the original idea, based on the experiences of his father who was a Korean War veteran	veteran	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
Lopez described " On the Floor " as an evolution of her classic sound and as something which sounded very current. The debut and release of " On the Floor " coincided with Lopez's appointment as a judge on the tenth season of US reality TV show American	American	PROPN	Idol	PROPN	 Idol
" In 1925, Ponsford captained the Victorian team and was selected as centre fielder in an Australian representative team that played three matches against an outfit from the United States Pacific Fleet, which had docked in Melbourne. Over the three matches, won by the Australians,	,	PUNCT	Ponsford	PROPN	 Ponsford
Presumed candidates for the Republican primary were Thomas Kean Jr., Jay Webber, Jon Bramnick, and Michael J. Doherty. On January 9, 2014, Brian D. Goldberg, a West Orange resident and New Jersey businessman, announced that he would seek the Republican nomination.	.	PUNCT	On	ADP	 On
In the parking lot, Andy has not shown up for the duel, instead leaving a deliberately verbose note hanging in the bushes saying he has given up. As Dwight reads it, Andy sneaks up behind him in his Toyota Prius, a hybrid car that remains	remains	VERB	completely	ADV	 completely
Human Rights Watch, Front Line, The Committee to Protect Journalists, Reporters Without Borders, and the Tibetan Center for Human Rights and Democracy also advocated on Dhondup Wangchen's behalf. On 10 March 2011, former Speaker of the United States House of Representatives Nancy Pelosi	Pelosi	PROPN	called	VERB	 called
Jefferson replied immediately with a cordial letter, and the two men revived their friendship, which they sustained by mail. The correspondence that they resumed in 1812 lasted the rest of their lives, and has been hailed as among their great legacies of American literature. Their	Their	PRON	letters	NOUN	 letters
One track predicted Dean to threaten South Florida within three to four days. Regardless, the National Hurricane Center issued hurricane warnings for Guadeloupe on August 2 and the rest of the Leeward Islands extending to the Virgin Islands. The uncertainty of the hurricanes forecast track forced residents	residents	NOUN	and	CCONJ	 and
The unit was at Salzburg on 7 May 1945 (V E Day). It was then sent back stateside to prepare for operation in the Pacific. Arriving back in New York City on 17 June 1945, the unit proceeded to Fort Gruber in Braggs, Oklahoma	Oklahoma	PROPN	before	ADP	 before
In return for paying off his debt, Hime agrees to their conditions of becoming the student council's " dog " and spending his high school life dressed as a girl. Hime Arikawa (有川 ひめ, Arikawa Hime) Voiced by: Yūki Kuwahara The protagonist of	of	ADP	the	DET	 the
However, in the south of the region there are still two large power stations at Hartlepool and Teesside, meaning that the south of the region does not depend upon the National Grid for electrical supply as much as the north of the region. The power station's	's	PART	six	NUM	 six
The two relics (of Isaac's sacrifice and the presentation of Jesus in the temple) were placed in the church of the Santi Michele e Magno, the national church of the Dutch in Borgo, during the early 1990s; the latter is now the church's	's	PART	main	ADJ	 main
The dominant vegetation cover of coastal sage scrub typically goes through approximately 25 year cycles, with its peak biodiversity reached in roughly 10 years after the beginning of a new 25 year period. Such periods are typically separated by wildfires, which clear away dead or dying vegetation	vegetation	NOUN	and	CCONJ	 and
The current Chicago City Hall, built in a Classical Revival style, was designed to symbolize the strength, dignity, and vigor of the government. Completed in 2001, an award winning green roof was incorporated into the structure. All of the structures are designated as	as	ADP	Chicago	PROPN	 Chicago
The tactic succeeded and the exposed Chinese were soon swept off the position, while the dug in Canadians escaped unharmed. The Chinese persisted however, launching a number of smaller attacks during the rest of the night, but these were again repulsed by artillery and small arms	arms	NOUN	fire	NOUN	 fire
I 95 / US 202 heads towards downtown Wilmington and crosses onto a viaduct, passing over the Northeast Corridor and coming to an interchange that provides access to the downtown area by way of DE 4 and DE 48. At this point, the four lane freeway continues	continues	VERB	northeast	ADV	 northeast
The tackle, though hard, was legal. Minutes later, Nasri deliberately clipped Barton while tracking back, for which he was booked. At the end of the game, Newcastle manager Kevin Keegan was involved in an altercation with Nasri and Arsenal captain William Gallas,	,	PUNCT	in	ADP	 in
Past that interchange, the freeway angles southeasterly and then southward, bypassing Grand Rapids to the northeast. East of downtown, I 96 / M 37 meets I 196 (Gerald R. Ford Freeway) at a partial interchange; traffic headed eastbound on I 196 must enter	enter	VERB	I	PRON	 I
In August 2012, the Irish High Court ruled against him. Mark Nash's confession caused some consternation amongst the gardaí, as Dean Lyons had been charged at that point and was on remand awaiting trial. Two camps emerged within the gardaí, one which believed that	that	SCONJ	Nash	PROPN	 Nash
The North can make a steam engine, locomotive, or railway car; hardly a yard of cloth or pair of shoes can you make. You are rushing into war with one of the most powerful, ingeniously mechanical, and determined people on Earth — right at	at	ADP	your	PRON	 your
The receptacle ranges in color from red to bright pink to pale orange, and it is often lighter in color approaching the base. The color appears to be dependent upon the temperature and humidity of the environment. The receptacle consists of a spongy network of " arms	arms	NOUN	"	PUNCT	 "
Implementation of such system is not expected in the short term. A proposal by former Mayor of London Ken Livingstone would have resulted in a new pricing structure based on potential CO2 emission rates by October 2008. The goal was that vehicles with the very lowest CO2 emission	emission	NOUN	rates	NOUN	 rates
M 185 passes by several important sites within Mackinac Island State Park, including Fort Mackinac, Arch Rock, British Landing, and Devil's Kitchen. Lake Shore Road carries the highway next to the Lake Huron shoreline, running between the water's edge and woodlands outside	outside	ADP	the	DET	 the
Bird thought that the updates to the original Game Boy game's visuals and audio, along with the updates to the controls, made for a " great first impression " and made the game feel very well put together; he felt that it was one of Square	Square	PROPN	Enix	PROPN	 Enix
The cost was $26,000, a very large sum at the time. An Italian artist lived with the Meekers for a year, painting careful details on the ceilings. The Meekers moved in during 1890, the same year Puyallup was formally incorporated under state law —	—	PUNCT	they	PRON	 they
The French Connection (Martin, Robert and Gilbert Perreault) were all among the league leaders in important scoring statistics. Goaltender Dave Dryden was lost to the World Hockey Association following the 1973 – 74 season. During the 25 round May 1974 NHL Amateur Draft that was	was	AUX	held	VERB	 held
Other additions include the Rig and the Anti Tank; the Rig is a modified version of an APC from the previous titles modified to be able to build temporary buildings, while the Anti Tank is both a direct and long range weapon specifically designed to do damage to	to	ADP	tanks	NOUN	 tanks
Irwin achieved worldwide fame from the television series The Crocodile Hunter, an internationally broadcast wildlife documentary series which he co hosted with his wife Terri. Together, the couple also owned and operated Australia Zoo, founded by Irwin's parents in Beerwah, about 80 kilometres (	(	PUNCT	50	NUM	50
In total, £6.5 million was required to fund construction of the ground: – £2 million – F.C. United Community Shares scheme (target reached on 26 Feb 2015) £1 million – from other fundraising, e.g. £467,000 from the F.C. United Development Fund	Fund	PROPN	(	PUNCT	 (
Subsequent case law shows that this list has largely been accepted, and there is indication that the judges have continued to move with a degree of circumspection, and sometimes even in reaction against such developments. However, in Campaign for Nuclear Disarmament v. Prime Minister (2002	2002	NUM	)	PUNCT	)
The Presiding Officer and deputies are elected by a secret ballot of the 129 MSPs, which is the only secret ballot conducted in the Scottish Parliament. Principally, the role of the Presiding Officer is to chair chamber proceedings and the Scottish Parliamentary Corporate Body. When chairing	chairing	VERB	meetings	NOUN	 meetings
Cerebellar atrophy can also occur as a result of exposure to toxins including heavy metals or pharmaceutical or recreational drugs. The circuits in the cerebellum are similar across all classes of vertebrates, including fish, reptiles, birds, and mammals. There is also an analogous brain	brain	NOUN	structure	NOUN	 structure
Off track Ferrari launched a criminal investigation in Modena against their own employee Nigel Stepney. Stepney's lawyer ruled out sabotage claims, and Stepney said it was part of a " dirty tricks " campaign. There was also controversy at the rear end of the grid,	,	PUNCT	as	SCONJ	 as
Huangshan is known for its sunrises, pine trees, " strangely jutting granite peaks ", hot springs, winter snow, and views of clouds touching the mountainsides for more than 200 days out of the year. The Huangshan mountain range has many peaks, some more	more	ADJ	than	ADP	 than
The comet's periodicity was first determined in 1705 by English astronomer Edmond Halley, after whom it is now named. During its 1986 apparition, Halley's Comet became the first comet to be observed in detail by spacecraft, providing the first observational data on the structure	structure	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
An RAF guard made up of a sergeant, corporal, acting corporal and twenty three airmen was formed to protect the site. During the rest of the decade, the Metropolitan Police provided a guard of eleven constables, eight of whom were housed in the sick bay	bay	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
Dawn revealed a large number of craters with low relief, indicating that they lie over a relatively soft surface, probably of water ice. One crater, with extremely low relief, is 270 km (170 mi) in diameter, reminiscent of large, flat craters	craters	NOUN	on	ADP	 on
He eventually rose to be three times mayor of Hulster Ambacht and twice mayor of Hulst. Thanks to powerful allies in the Middelburg chamber of the VOC he was able to successfully appeal for the cancellation of the fines placed on him, and the money was returned.	.	PUNCT	In	ADP	 In
Kamal Haasan described that he was one of the few directors who balanced between art and popular cinema. As a film maker, he inspired contemporary actors and film makers such as Mani Ratnam, Kamal Haasan and Sripriya, He has mentored next generation film makers including Bala	Bala	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
Sullivan's authorship of the overture to Utopia, Limited can not be verified with certainty, as his autograph score is now lost, but it is likely attributable to him, as it consists of only a few bars of introduction, followed by a straight copy of	of	ADP	music	NOUN	 music
But he hasn't played a lot of football this season and he maybe faded a bit ". He returned to Shrewsbury after playing in four matches for Luton. He was loaned out to League One team Hereford United on 26 March 2009, and made his debut	debut	NOUN	two	NUM	 two
Each fluorescent strike of noise, incongruous tempo flip, and warped vocal is bolted into its right place across the album's fast 40 minutes. " Randall Roberts of the Los Angeles Times felt it was his most ambitious piece of music yet, and Evan Rytlewski from	from	ADP	The	DET	 The
The U.S., after the Spanish – American War, had many expansionists who wanted to annex Cuba. Many people felt that a foreign power (outside of the U.S.) would control a portion of Cuba, thus the U.S. could not continue with its interests in Cuba	Cuba	PROPN	.	PUNCT	.
" Baelor " marks the first appearance of the German actress Sibel Kekilli, in the role of the prostitute Shae. Executive producer George R. R. Martin commented that she was extraordinary in her audition, in which she read the scene where Shae meets Tyrion in a tent	tent	NOUN	the	DET	 the
He led his cavalry squadron on the charge and, despite heavy casualties, secured the objective and silenced the guns before being forced to withdraw due to a lack of infantry support. The dragoons also captured one of the Mexican commanders, General Rómulo Díaz de la Vega	Vega	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
The school expects its students to do well and it gives them lots of support. " The 360,000 square foot (33,000 m2) school houses 66 classrooms equipped with Mac computers, automatic lights, SMART Boards and Wi Fi to enable students to use laptop computers in	in	ADP	their	PRON	 their
Articles in the Las Vegas Review Journal commemorating the 40th and 50th anniversaries of the crash reported that the FBI search went beyond fingerprint matching for identification; the agents were also looking for any surviving sensitive papers relating to national security that the group of military contractors had carried	carried	VERB	on	ADP	 on
He enters the mansion where Goewin is being held and orders the Skorl to free her. Not long after, a man named Mallin gives Diermot a book wrapped in cloth to take to a man named Morkus. In the process of delivering the book, Diermot sees	sees	VERB	a	DET	 a
After the humiliating Russian defeat during the Crimean War of 1854 – 55, General Admiral Grand Duke Konstantin Nikolayevich understood that Russia would never be able to outbuild Britain or France, but still needed a maritime strategy that could defend Russia, give the fleet a useful role	role	NOUN	in	ADP	 in
This was followed by a 15 minute intermission (which purportedly enabled the civilians to escape) before the Georgian forces began bombarding enemy targets. Early in the morning on 8 August the Georgian 4th Brigade from Vaziani Military Base advanced on the left flank of Tskhinvali; the	the	DET	3rd	PROPN	 3rd
On the week of February 27, 2010, the song reached its peak of number thirty five on the singles chart, and eventually peaked at number eight on the R & B chart. The song debuted and peaked on the New Zealand Singles Chart at number sixteen	sixteen	NUM	on	ADP	 on
Subsequently the same three committee meetings will occur in rotation. Andre Dawson, Doug Harvey, and Whitey Herzog were selected as members of the Baseball Hall of Fame. The BBWAA was again authorized to elect players active in 1990 or later, but not after 2004;	;	PUNCT	the	DET	 the
Thorpe's term as president was marked by the range of distinguished guest speakers that he recruited, among them Lord Hailsham, the jurist and former Liberal MP Norman Birkett, and the humorist Stephen Potter. The time consuming nature of his various offices meant that Thorpe required	required	VERB	a	DET	 a
The 70 hectare (170 acre) Urban Enterprise Zone has streamlined planning procedures and reduced business rates. Rates generated by the zone are channelled to five other designated enterprise areas in the region: Avonmouth, Bath, Bristol and Bath Science Park in Emersons Green, Filton	Filton	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
This was a total of 552, an increase of only 40 aircraft from 1 October. Over the winter of 1941 – 42 the Soviets transferred all of the remaining MiG 3s to the Navy and PVO so that on 1 May 1942 none were left on strength with	with	ADP	the	DET	 the
No digital rights management (DRM) protection was placed on the game because " we... believe that any game will be cracked, no matter how we try to protect it, so our philosophy is that adding DRM or anything similar only annoys the people who actually	actually	ADV	pay	VERB	 pay
Gen. Christopher Columbus Augur, commander of the Department of Washington, recommended that Fort Jackson be assigned two light guns as armament during the reconstruction. After the surrender of General Robert E. Lee's Army of Northern Virginia on April 9, 1865, the primary reason for	for	ADP	manned	VERB	 manned
I'm not kidding! She had no time to do the record, so she would be on her lunch break, and I'd be like, ' Throw that thing down your throat and get over here, ' cause we got to finish these vocals!	!	PUNCT	'	PUNCT	 '
In December 1874, Grant held a state dinner at the White House for the King of Hawaii, David Kalakaua, who was seeking the importation of Hawaiian sugar duty free to the United States. Grant and Fish were able to produce a successful free trade treaty in	in	ADP	1875	NUM	 1875
When German soldiers swam across the Bug River to warn the Red Army of an impending attack, they were treated like enemy agents and shot. Some historians believe that Stalin, despite providing an amicable front to Hitler, did not wish to remain allies with Germany.	.	PUNCT	Rather	ADV	 Rather
The choice of location in turn influenced the type of supernatural monster that was featured. The once epic script of " Part Two " had to be toned down due to budgetary reasons, with weather conditions forcing the episode's climax to be filmed on a sound stage	stage	NOUN	rather	ADV	 rather
If Protzen's hypothesis is correct, the river diverted to flood the battlefield was the Urubamba, and not its smaller affluent, the Patakancha, which runs alongside the town of Ollantaytambo. The success at Ollantaytambo encouraged Manco Inca to make a renewed attempt against Cusco.	.	PUNCT	However	ADV	 However
The movie was panned by critics, but grossed $15 million on its opening weekend and went on to earn over $40 million overall. In 2000, Larter starred as one of the main characters, Clear Rivers, in the teen supernatural horror film Final Destination	Destination	PROPN	.	PUNCT	.
In 1960, the current M 108 was commissioned along the current routing. On April 29, 2010, MDOT announced plans to transfer M 108 in its entirety to the Village of Mackinaw City and Emmet County. In preparation for this transfer, MDOT repaved, widened	widened	VERB	and	CCONJ	 and
Mary Ranken Lyle was born in the Melbourne suburb of Carlton on 31 March 1895, the eldest of four children of Sir Thomas Ranken Lyle, a mathematical physicist, and his wife, Frances Isobel Clare née Millear. She attended Toorak College between 1906 and 1912,	,	PUNCT	where	SCONJ	 where
Daein invades shortly after this, and Greil's mercenaries flee over the border into Gallia. They are pursued by the Black Knight who kills Greil. Ike and Elincia decide to work together and drive the forces of Daein from Crimea. Over the course of the game	game	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
The team then travelled to play Bristol, who they played on 23 September. The game was played in front of 6,500 spectators, with the same result as the Cornwall match, a 41 – 0 victory for New Zealand. They then travelled to Northampton, after	after	ADP	stopping	VERB	 stopping
Eugenides addresses how difficult it was for humans to devise a " universal classification for sex ". Through Cal, scholar Angela Pattatucci Aragon stated, Eugenides opines that the 1876 system devised by Edwin Klebs that used gonad tissue to determine sex provides the most accurate answer.	.	PUNCT	According	VERB	 According
Although distinctly different from each other, DNA damages and mutations are related because DNA damages often cause errors of DNA synthesis during replication or repair; these errors are a major source of mutation. Given these properties of DNA damage and mutation, it can be seen that	that	SCONJ	DNA	NOUN	 DNA
Current evidence indicates that in both men and women, alcoholism is 50 – 60 percent genetically determined, leaving 40 – 50 percent for environmental influences. Most alcoholics develop alcoholism during adolescence or young adulthood. 31 percent of college students show signs of alcohol abuse, while	while	SCONJ	six	NUM	 six
The German press reacted similarly. The Vossische Zeitung, a Berlin daily newspaper, wrote: " We have to count on reverses like that near Arras. Such events are a kind of tactical reverse. If this tactical reverse is not followed by strategical effects i.e.,	,	PUNCT	breaking	VERB	 breaking
US 12). In late 1951 or early 1952, a northerly bypass of Jackson opened, and the former route through downtown on Michigan Avenue became another Bus. US 12. By the next year, the western half of the Jackson bypass opened, including a	a	DET	bypass	NOUN	 bypass
Rice's enabling act defined a state containing both prairie and forest lands. The state was bounded on the south by Iowa, on the east by Wisconsin, on the north by Canada, and on the west by the Red River of the North and the Bois	Bois	PROPN	de	PROPN	 de
In addition to the strikings at Philadelphia, there was branch mint production, with 24,000 pieces struck at the New Orleans Mint (1854 O) and 1,120 at Dahlonega (1854 D). A pair of dies was sent from Philadelphia to the Charlotte Mint on June	June	PROPN	1	NUM	 1
In accordance with the terms of the Oslo agreement, Arafat was required to implement PLO authority in the West Bank and Gaza Strip. He insisted that financial support was imperative to establishing this authority and needed it to secure the acceptance of the agreements by the Palestinians living	living	VERB	in	ADP	 in
The Philadelphia extension was to run from Carlisle east to US 202 in King of Prussia. From there, the extension would connect to a state maintained freeway that would continue to Center City Philadelphia. Groundbreaking for the Philadelphia extension took place on September 28, 1948 in	in	ADP	York	PROPN	 York
Throughout the series, she invents her pupils to prevent her department being closed, uses the school's telephone network to surf the internet about Star Trek, and demands the return of a musical instrument from a former pupil now on death row. Dan McGill (Martin	Martin	PROPN	Ball	PROPN	 Ball
The settlement had huts, pots, and goats. The residents had hastily abandoned the village, leaving it to be buried under pumice and ash in much the same way that Pompeii was later preserved. Pyroclastic surge deposits were distributed to the northwest of the vent,	,	PUNCT	travelling	VERB	 travelling
The drive covered 72 yards and had taken eight plays and 4: 06 of game time. Following the post touchdown kickoff and a short return, Nebraska's offense began work at its 21 yard line. Three rushes by as many different players — Joel Makovicka,	,	PUNCT	Damon	PROPN	 Damon
In June, red billed choughs fed mainly on caterpillars whereas Alpine choughs ate cranefly pupae. Later in the summer, the Alpine chough consumed large numbers of grasshoppers, while the red billed chough added cranefly pupae, fly larvae and beetles to its diet. In the	the	DET	eastern	ADJ	 eastern
The film opened strongly in June 1987, taking over $30 million in the first 50 days alone, but critically it was overshadowed by the success of Oliver Stone's Platoon, released a year earlier. According to one review, notes co star Matthew Modine,	,	PUNCT	"	PUNCT	 "
Several drivers had problems with spinning or running wide, either in turn two or between turns 15 and 16. Among the drivers caught out were Hamilton, Vettel, Jolyon Palmer and Jenson Button. Two reserve drivers made an appearance during the first free practice session.	.	PUNCT	Sergey	PROPN	 Sergey
Sugimoto's manga was licensed into English by Vertical in January 2013, and the two volumes were released on October 22, 2013 and December 17, 2013. An additional manga side story was featured in the July 2009 issue of Comp Ace magazine. Summer Wars premiered	premiered	VERB	in	ADP	 in
The company's route to Hong Kong was the longest air route in the world. At the time, the only scheduled service to the Far East was operated by British Overseas Airways Corporation using Sandringham flying boats. This route took a fortnight, while KLM had a	a	DET	land	NOUN	 land
On 20 April 1942, Brennan added a further two aircraft to his tally when he destroyed a Messerschmitt 109, before bringing down a Junkers 88 later that day. Praised as " a most determined and courageous pilot ", Brennan was subsequently recommended for the Distinguished Flying	Flying	PROPN	Medal	PROPN	 Medal
According to Dayton's 2011 Comprehensive Annual Financial Report, the top employers in the city proper are: The Dayton City Commission is composed of the Mayor and four City Commissioners. Each City Commission member is elected at large on a non partisan basis for four year,	,	PUNCT	overlapping	VERB	 overlapping
In 1927, Alekhine's challenge to Capablanca was backed by a group of Argentine businessmen and the president of Argentina, who guaranteed the funds, and organized by the Club Argentino de Ajedrez (Argentine Chess Club) in Buenos Aires. In the World Chess Championship match	match	NOUN	played	VERB	 played
The kingdom has a small but well equipped military called the Bahrain Defence Force (BDF), numbering around 13,000 personnel. The supreme commander of the Bahraini military is King Hamad bin Isa Al Khalifa and the deputy supreme commander is the Crown Prince, Salman bin Hamad	Hamad	PROPN	bin	PROPN	 bin
As always with medieval battles, losses are difficult to assess with any precision. The Christian chroniclers claim that Saladin's force lost 32 emirs and 7,000 men, but it is possible that the true number may have been fewer. Baha al Din mentions only three deaths	deaths	NOUN	amongst	ADP	 amongst
In the first phase, the individual small flowers, known as florets, remain unopened — and the flowerhead retains a compact shape — before they mature and split open, revealing the stigma, style, and anther. The anther is sessile, lacking a filament,	,	PUNCT	and	CCONJ	 and
The Sabah State Museum, situated near the Queen Elizabeth Hospital, is the main museum of Sabah. In the vicinity of the museum are the Science and Technology Centre, Sabah Art Gallery, and the Ethno Botanic Gardens. Wisma Budaya Art Gallery in the city centre	centre	NOUN	hosts	VERB	 hosts
X rays showed no serious injury to his knee, but by the next morning, it was twice its normal size. The ailing Como chartered a jet back to his home and doctors in Florida, where a second exam showed it had been seriously broken. His	His	PRON	knee	NOUN	 knee
" Some critiques of the book have been positive. A 1976 New Scientist review praised the level of detail, saying that it " would ensure a large sale ". In a letter to the editor in reply, Deputy Chief Historian for the United States Army,	,	PUNCT	Charles	PROPN	 Charles
Proctor initially balked at anything but an unconditional surrender, but after Madison's promise that the Americans would " sell their lives as dearly as possible ", Proctor acquiesced. Proctor had taken as many prisoners as he had soldiers, and had little power to enforce the	the	DET	terms	NOUN	 terms
Breuer later clarified his comments on Facebook that did not end speculation on Johnson's future with the band. On 19 April 2016, Johnson made an official statement regarding his health problems and inability to tour. In the statement, he acknowledged his ongoing hearing difficulties but	but	CCONJ	stated	VERB	 stated
During his postmastership, Kizirian was instrumental in establishing the first automated post office in the country, which made the Providence post office an operational model for the United States and worldwide. Kizirian is widely known in the state of Rhode Island, where a post office,	,	PUNCT	a	DET	 a
In 1926 Kwee Tek Hoay wrote that, after Allah jang Palsoe, the quality of stage performances in the Indies had increased noticeably. Nio notes that the quantity of stage plays by ethnic Chinese authors likewise increased. Though not many were ultimately published, the body of	of	ADP	work	NOUN	 work
It was bought by Francis Jaunay in 1815 known as Jaunay's Hôtel. The Hôtel Sablonière et de Provence opened at No. 17 – 18 in 1845 as the Hôtel de Provence, and renamed in 1869. It closed in 1919 and became a public house.	.	PUNCT	The	DET	 The
At around 0000 UTC on July 31, Brenda moved into Massachusetts. Shortly thereafter, it lost its tropical characteristics and transitioned into an extratropical cyclone. It dissipated by August 1 over southern Canada. Because Brenda was in the vicinity of land for most of its course	course	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
FIU has a center on Brickell Avenue in Downtown Miami at 1101 Brickell Avenue dubbed " FIU Downtown on Brickell ". FIU's College of Business Administration has had classes at the Burdines Building on Flagler Street and the Metropolitan Center had offices at 150 SE 2nd Ave since	since	SCONJ	2004	NUM	 2004
To prepare for the part, she read and watched several books and documentaries on domestic violence. As the film was to be shot entirely in Punjabi, a language that was totally alien to her, she learnt it in a crash course of fifty days. She	She	PRON	was	AUX	 was
" Loser Like Me " remains the fourth best selling recording in the history of the show, having sold 617,000 copies in the United States. Outside the United States, the song appeared on several other charts worldwide, debuting at number nine on the Canadian Hot 100	100	NUM	,	PUNCT	,
Across Britain, many hill forts fell out of use in the 100 years around the turn of the millennium. It has been suggested that this, and the contemporary change in material culture of the Britons (such as the introduction of coinage and cemeteries and an increase	increase	NOUN	in	ADP	 in
" By 1968 with hopes of bringing a new influx of coal mining into the city, Sahara Coal Company ordered the Bucyrus Eerie " GEM of Egypt " strip mine shovel, one of the largest in the world at 8 stories high and weighing 1,000 tons. It	It	PRON	took	VERB	 took
A similar effect is seen in the rhodocenium data shown above, again consistent with inductive effects. In the substituted iridocenium system, cyclic voltammetry investigations shows irreversible reductions at temperatures as low as − 60° C; by comparison, the reduction of the corresponding rhodocenes is	is	AUX	quasi	X	 quasi
It was reported that she had become fatigued and left the group after they cancelled several concerts. Sim disputed those reports and said her departure had been the band's decision: " We've grown up to be very different people. It wasn't working any more	more	ADV	musically	ADV	 musically
Through its Science Policy Centre, the Society acts as an advisor to the European Commission and the United Nations on matters of science. It publishes several reports a year, and serves as the Academy of Sciences of the United Kingdom. Since the middle of the 18th	18th	ADJ	century	NOUN	 century
The RAAF had argued for an air to air refuelling capability for both the F / A 18s and the F 111s, but the Australian government refused to fund the latter, considering the F 111's existing range sufficient for deterrent purposes. Observers such as journalist Frank	Frank	PROPN	Cranston	PROPN	 Cranston
The Boston project fell through, as a reconnaissance of the area gave an unfavourable report and Elliott Smith suggested Milne Bay as a more suitable alternative site. A party of twelve Americans and Australians set out to explore Milne Bay in a Consolidated PBY Catalina flying boat on	on	ADP	8	NUM	 8
Although the friends both died within five years of making their observations, their ground breaking work was influential in establishing the size of the Solar System; for this and their other achievements Horrocks and Crabtree, along with their correspondent William Gascoigne, are considered to be the	the	DET	founding	VERB	 founding
Bruno Heinemann carried five 12.7 cm SK C / 34 guns in single mounts with gun shields, two each superimposed, fore and aft. The fifth gun was carried on top of the rear deckhouse. Her anti aircraft armament consisted of four 3.7 cm SK C /	/	SYM	30	NUM	 30
The mounted Yeomanry brigade had been sent to guard the water pipeline and railway as they were being extended beyond the protection of the Suez Canal defences into the desert towards Romani. In response to this attack, the British Empire presence in the region doubled. The next	next	ADJ	day	NOUN	 day
The complex has three components: the inner and outer gatehouses and a courtyard in between. The inner gatehouse survives to a height of 12.5 metres (41 ft) in the east. The ground floor passage through the building is vaulted and there was a portcullis at	at	ADP	the	DET	 the
By the 1950s, the two suborders Arixeniina and Hemimerina had been added to Dermaptera. Arixeniina represents two genera, Arixenia and Xeniaria, with a total of five species in them. As with Hemimerina, they are blind and wingless, with filiform segmented cerci. Hemimerina	Hemimerina	PROPN	are	AUX	 are
Just before the 1894 election, Cleveland was warned by Francis Lynde Stetson, an advisor: " We are on the eve of [a] very dark night, unless a return of commercial prosperity relieves popular discontent with what they believe [is] Democratic incompetence to	to	PART	make	VERB	 make
Barnes then manipulated the strike to shield his captain from Bedser. The Australian opener had little trouble against the leg trap, and negated the danger Bedser was posing. Bradman accelerated after tea and took two consecutive boundaries from Wright to bring up his fifty, with Barnes	Barnes	PROPN	on	ADP	 on
A smaller recreational area called Wick Park is on the historic North side. Wick Park's periphery is lined with early 20th century mansions built by the city's industrialists, business leaders, and professionals during Youngstown's " boom " years. Stambaugh Auditorium, a popular	popular	ADJ	venue	NOUN	 venue
Though jazz had long since achieved some limited popularity, it was Louis Armstrong who became one of the first popular stars and a major force in the development of jazz, along with his friend pianist Earl Hines. Armstrong, Hines, and their colleagues were improvisers,	,	PUNCT	capable	ADJ	 capable
Hayer, today known as Mujahid Halim, was paroled in 2010. A CNN Special Report, Witnessed: The Assassination of Malcolm X, was broadcast on February 17, 2015. It featured interviews with several people who worked with him, including A. Peter Bailey and	and	CCONJ	Earl	PROPN	 Earl
NY 17A was extended east to Southfields by 1933, completing the alternate loop of NY 17 and creating an overlap with NY 210. In 1980, ownership and maintenance of NY 210 between NY 210 and the Rockland County line was transferred from the state of New York	York	PROPN	to	ADP	 to
As the many bootlegs from the tour reveal, early on in each performance of " Hari's on Tour ", Harrison often called out a greeting to the city or town in question. Some concert reviewers referred to the song as " Hari Good Boy Express "	"	PUNCT	or	CCONJ	 or
Shiban originally wanted to film the sewer scenes in Los Angeles ' actual sewer system, but the Los Angeles Department of Water and Power vetoed the idea and stated that " there's a moratorium on shooting there since September 11 ", a position that Shiban called "	"	PUNCT	understandable	ADJ	 understandable
In its original American broadcast, the episode was viewed by an estimated 3.83 million viewers and received a 1.9 rating / 5 percent share. This means that it was seen by 1.9 percent of all 18- to 49 year olds, and 5 percent of all 18- to	to	PART	49	NUM	 49
Yungang as well as Kurrawang and Kurrawah are names from the Tharawal people of the Illawarra region. Its closest relative is the black currawong (S. fuliginosa) of Tasmania, which has sometimes been considered a subspecies. Together with the larger grey currawong (S. versicolor)	)	PUNCT	,	PUNCT	,
In the absence of her husband, Gwenllian led an army against the Norman lordship of Cydweli (Kidwelly), taking along her two youngest sons, Morgan and Maelgwn. She was defeated and killed by an army commanded by Maurice de Londres of Oystermouth Castle. Morgan	Morgan	PROPN	was	AUX	 was
His dislike of such men was highlighted in his defence of three men in 1788 for theft; they were charged with assaulting John Troughton, putting him in fear of his life, and stealing his hat. The issue was whether the assault put him in fear of	of	ADP	his	PRON	 his
On returning to his unit, he reorganised his men and led a bombing party in the capture of a second machine gun post. McGee's actions reignited the 40th Battalion's advance, with McGee himself " foremost in the remainder " of the action. By 09	09	NUM	:	SYM	:
Most human use of the watershed is limited to the upper basin. Despite the semiarid climate, dams have been built, irrigation water has been supplied from the Klamath and Lost rivers, and plentiful groundwater has been drawn to transform most of the upper Klamath Basin to	to	PART	farmland	VERB	 farmland
Melvyn Bragg in a 1984 study of Olivier, and John Miller in the authorised biography of Richardson, both comment that Esher's action put back the establishment of a National Theatre for at least a decade. Looking back in 1971, Bernard Levin wrote that the Old	Old	PROPN	Vic	PROPN	 Vic
Despite renewed interest from Camacho, then coach of Osasuna, Pablo moved to England, where he signed a three year deal with West Bromwich Albion, newly returned to the Premier League, to begin on 1 July 2010 when his contract with Atlético expired. He made	made	VERB	his	PRON	 his
The word Renaissance has also been extended to other historical and cultural movements, such as the Carolingian Renaissance and the Renaissance of the 12th century. The Renaissance was a cultural movement that profoundly affected European intellectual life in the early modern period. Beginning in Italy, and	and	CCONJ	spreading	VERB	 spreading
" I Won't Say (I'm in Love) " resembles an " admonishing " exchange between Meg and the Muses. Finally, the character's resistance eventually proves futile and she ultimately relents. Tracy Dye of Bustle described the scene: " Joined by The	The	DET	Muses	PROPN	 Muses
Imogen was unsure that she could maintain a working relationship with Pears alone, and on reaching the age of 70 decided she would retire as artistic director after the 1977 festival. That year she made her final festival appearance as a performer when she stood in for the	the	DET	indisposed	ADJ	 indisposed
DNA based evidence finds that birds diversified dramatically around the time of the Cretaceous – Paleogene extinction event that killed off all other dinosaurs. Birds, especially those in the southern continents, survived this event and then migrated to other parts of the world while diversifying during periods	periods	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
As Beauty and the Beast's " most frequently heard song, " BuzzSugar ranked " Be Our Guest " third on the website's list of the " 25 Disney Songs We Will Never Stop Singing ". Calling the song a " gem, " author Maggie Pehanick	Pehanick	PROPN	wrote	VERB	 wrote
In 1934, he scored 624 runs at 36.70. After a solid start, he scored his final first class century against Lancashire. After this he played irregularly, and his batting began to appear uncomfortable. Hobbs realised his career was over: in February 1935,	,	PUNCT	he	PRON	 he
In particular, he observed that satellites do not fall as one unit; instead, the spacecraft broke up into its component parts as it moved closer to Earth. WWV is one of a small number of radio stations west of the Mississippi River with a call sign	sign	NOUN	beginning	VERB	 beginning
For December 5, David Martin says that General Irvine's force took about 40 casualties, while a Loyalist officer with the British Army wrote that Irvine was captured along with 23 of his men. For December 6, Howard Peckham says that the Americans lost 30 killed	killed	VERB	,	PUNCT	,
He submitted a sketch of the model in 1892, but that design was not approved. Not only did Ward not complete the work by 1898, he had only completed a life size study of Sheridan's head by 1903. Ward finally completed a model of Sheridan	Sheridan	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
Windle won the 1500 m freestyle and took bronze in the 4 × 100 m freestyle relay at the 1964 Summer Olympics in Tokyo, and silver and bronze in the 4 × 200 m and 4 × 100 m freestyle relays respectively at the 1968 Summer Olympics. Known	Known	VERB	for	ADP	 for
The album peaked at number six on the Canadian Albums Chart. Jepsen's second studio album was initially planned to be released on February 14, 2012; however, she chose not to release it because she wanted to make sure she " got the second CD right	right	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
Birkelund, however, says Flammen was killed on a coastal road while the Gestapo was looking for another resistance member. In contrast, the filming of Citron's death, which would require 250 soldiers, was consciously altered by Madsen for budgetary reasons. Ketty's depiction	depiction	NOUN	as	ADP	 as
Attanasio also based the characters in Homicide on the detectives featured in Simon's book. The difficulties Bayliss experienced with the case, as well as the extremely personal approach he took in attempting to solve it, were inspired by the real life Baltimore detective Tom Pellegrini,	,	PUNCT	who	PRON	 who
" Contrasting first season episodes to those of the seventh season, Kenny said that " there's a bit of a change [in voice], but I don't think it's that extreme at all. " When SpongeBob SquarePants is broadcast in non English languages	languages	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
The Brazilian military regime that took power in 1964 saw both Gil and Veloso as a threat, and the two were held for nine months in 1969 before they were told to leave the country. Gil moved to London, but returned to Bahia in 1972 and continued	continued	VERB	his	PRON	 his
This game was also among the first American developed games to feature these elements. Hunter (1991) has been described as the first sandbox game featuring full 3D, third person graphics, thus making it an important precursor to the Grand Theft Auto series. The game	game	NOUN	consisted	VERB	 consisted
Ordinary service with Gullfisk trams from Ljabru to Jar on the Lilleaker Line started on 29 September. The new service involved a 10 minute headway at daytime and a 20 minute headway during the evenings. In 1976, a Gullfisk lost control on the line and derailed near	near	ADP	Sjømansskolen	PROPN	 Sjømansskolen
The town's name in Welsh, Llanilltud Fawr, is derived from the name of Saint Illtud, who came to the area from Brittany, Gaul. He founded the monastery of Illtud and the college attached to it, Cor Tewdws, which would grow into one	one	NUM	of	ADP	 of
Butterfield rejected the arguments of his Victorian predecessors with withering disdain: " Erskine May must be a good example of the way in which an historian may fall into error through an excess of brilliance. His capacity for synthesis, and his ability to dovetail the various parts	parts	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
At the end of 1938 one of the first editions of Sonderfahndungsbuch Polen was printed by the Nazis, containing several thousand names of Poles targeted for execution and imprisonment after invasion of Poland. In January 1939, Ribbentrop held negotiations with Józef Beck, the Polish minister of	of	ADP	foreign	ADJ	 foreign
" His review for the second season After Story was much more positive, giving it an ' A- ' rating. He praised the second half of the season as " the best written quarter of Clannad, " stating that it " effectively builds up and delivers its	its	PRON	emotional	ADJ	 emotional
The teams entering the race were: The starting peloton did not include the 1987 winner, Stephen Roche, who was sidelined for the majority of the 1988 season with a knee injury. l ' Unità writer Gino Sala, author Bill McGann and an El Mundo Deportivo	Deportivo	PROPN	writer	NOUN	 writer
Fans of the series reacted strongly, creating a social media campaign to save the series; despite these efforts, the series remains cancelled. Dr. Henry Morgan (Ioan Gruffudd) is a New York City medical examiner who studies the dead for criminal cases, and to	to	PART	solve	VERB	 solve
Because of these problems, use of variable rules analysis died down by the end of the 1980s. Nevertheless, the linguistic variable is still used in sociolinguistics. For Labov, grouping variants together was justified by their tendency to fluctuate between each other within the same set	set	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
Chocolina (チョコリーナ, Chokorīna) is a supporting character that first appears in Final Fantasy XIII 2. In Sazh's DLC episode, it is revealed that Chocolina is the chocobo chick that Sazh bought for his son before the events of the first game, with Dajh	Dajh	PROPN	choosing	VERB	 choosing
Leicester's importance in literary patronage was established by Eleanor Rosenberg in 1955. Elizabethan Puritanism has been thoroughly reassessed since the 1960s, and Patrick Collinson has outlined the Earl's place in it. Dudley's religion could thus be better understood, rather than simply to brand	brand	VERB	him	PRON	 him
The workers were mainly pulled from Grant, Lincoln, Douglas, and Okanogan counties and women were allowed to work only in the dorms and the cookhouse. Around 8,000 people worked on the project, and Frank A. Banks served as the chief construction engineer. Bert A.	A.	PROPN	Hall	PROPN	 Hall
" Editor Chris Logan explained: " The book ’ s content is very serious, but it's not presented in an overly serious way. " The Simpsons Archive also described the balance between humor and academia in the book, noting: " Fortunately, despite numerous	numerous	ADJ	references	NOUN	 references
Finding that they enjoyed England, the family abandoned plans to return to Australia. After being educated by a governess, Allen joined Summer Fields School in Oxford in 1912. He began to play cricket seriously at school; by his second year, he reached the school	school	NOUN	second	ADJ	 second
The tengu's long noses ally them with the Shinto deity Sarutahiko, who is described in the Japanese historical text, the Nihon Shoki, with a similar proboscis measuring seven hand spans in length. In village festivals the two figures are often portrayed with identical red,	,	PUNCT	phallic	ADJ	 phallic
] Although the Matrikas are mostly grouped as seven goddesses over the rest of the Indian Subcontinent, an eighth Matrikas has sometimes been added in Nepal to represent the eight cardinal directions. In Bhaktapur, a city in the Kathmandu Valley, a ninth Matrika is added to	to	ADP	the	DET	 the
Miyazaki wanted to produce a new film for years, he previously wrote two project proposals, but they were rejected. The first one was based on the Japanese book Kirino Mukouno Fushigina Machi, and the second one was about a teenage heroine. Miyazaki's third proposal	proposal	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
They then sailed to the wrecks of the 1715 Spanish fleet, off the eastern coast of Florida. There Teach disembarked the crew of the captured Spanish sloop, before proceeding north to the port of Charleston, South Carolina, attacking three vessels along the way. By	By	ADP	May	PROPN	 May
Finally, both Malaysian and Singaporean fishermen could continue traditional fishing activities in those waters. In September 2008, the Joint Technical Committee reported that its Sub Committee on Joint Survey Works was finalising technical preparations for a hydrographic survey that would provide data for future delimitation discussions.	.	PUNCT	A	DET	 A
Saturated soils caused mudslides throughout Puerto Rico, although only one resulted in loss of life. In the hillside community of Mameyes, within Ponce, there was a block slide at around 3: 00 am local time on October 7. A large slab of sandstone detached	detached	VERB	from	ADP	 from
Even the atmosphere of each of the areas you explore fit the locale. " Mooney called the animation " extremely colorful and well executed " and noted that the art team " have taken this style of animation and really made an elegant, mature game with it.	.	PUNCT	"	PUNCT	 "
According to Newsweek editor N ' Gai Croal, " There was a lot of imagery in that trailer that dovetailed with classic racist imagery ", although he acknowledged that only the preview had been released. The second trailer for the game (released on May 31,	,	PUNCT	2008	NUM	 2008
Chakrapong was subsequently appointed as a privy councillor to the Supreme Privy Council and dedicated himself to humanitarian work and supporting royal activities. Norodom Chakrapong was born at the Khemarin Palace in Phnom Penh, Cambodia to Sihanouk and Sisowath Pongsanmoni. As a young boy, Chakrapong was	was	AUX	trained	VERB	 trained
" Alkan's technical mastery of the keyboard was asserted by the publication in 1838 of the Trois grandes études (originally without opus number, later republished as Op. 76), the first for the left hand alone, the second for the right hand alone,	,	PUNCT	the	DET	 the
This two part vocal fades as a solo harmonica plays a melody on top of the persistent quarter note bass line and maraca that maintain the only rhythm throughout Episode 2. The section ends with a five part harmony vocalizing a whole note chord that is sustained by reverb	reverb	NOUN	for	ADP	 for
" X Play editor Andrew Pfister awarded Super Mario Galaxy 2 a 5 / 5, calling it " the culmination of 20 years of Mario gaming into one fantastically designed and creative platformer. " Despite this praise, some critics raised complaints over increased difficulty and the game	game	NOUN	's	PART	's
Also as part of the agreement, the media was to be informed of the settlement and requested to provide only accurate, non sensational coverage. On May 10, six downtown stores opened their lunch counters to black customers for the first time. The customers arrived in	in	ADP	groups	NOUN	 groups
By 1939 the class was divided between New Cross, Stewarts Lane and Tonbridge sheds. As with the preceding N class, the N1s were capable of hauling heavy loads at moderate speeds, a useful attribute that was exploited throughout the Second World War. They were mostly	mostly	ADV	used	VERB	 used
Geary Street, on which the theatre is located, was decorated with Chinese lanterns, and a marching band of " Chinese girl musicians " played outside. The tour continued to be successful, spending 21 weeks in Chicago alone. It closed on October 14, 1961	1961	NUM	in	ADP	 in
Even William IV (in his last recorded utterance) thought the building a " nasty little pokey hole ", while William Makepeace Thackeray called it " a little gin shop of a building ". The twentieth century architectural historian Sir John Summerson echoed these early criticisms when	when	SCONJ	he	PRON	 he
The estimated cost was $1200, so Morris enlisted wealthy residents of Litchfield and South Farms. On November 28, 1803, The Morris Academy moved out of James Morris's home and into the brand new building. For the period from 1803 to 1812, the	the	DET	Morris	PROPN	 Morris
Ships of the Argentine navy kept Uruguayan gunships away from the operation. Back on his native soil, Flores called for the ouster of the constitutional government, by that time headed by Bernardo Berro. Flores accused the Montevideo government of Blanco sympathies and framed his " Liberating	Liberating	PROPN	Crusade	PROPN	 Crusade
" Going into the race, Hamilton was leading the World Drivers ' Championship by ten points from teammate Nico Rosberg, who had won the two previous rounds in Spain and Monaco. Sebastian Vettel was third, a further 18 points behind Rosberg. In the Constructors '	'	PART	Championship	PROPN	 Championship
The film tells the story of two unhappily married couples in New York, and an ensuing extramarital affair. Zinta played the role of Rhea Saran, an ambitious fashion magazine editor. She described the role as an attempt to shed her vivacious public image. The Indian	Indian	PROPN	Express	PROPN	 Express
Bethe left Germany in 1933, moving to England after receiving an offer for a position as lecturer at the University of Manchester for a year through Sommerfeld's connection to William Lawrence Bragg. He moved in with his friend Rudolf Peierls and Peierls ' wife Genia. Peierls	Peierls	PROPN	was	AUX	 was
Leigh had said in 2003 that GCHQ's original estimate for the cost of the move was " staggeringly inaccurate ". For security reasons, GCHQ moved its own computers and technical infrastructure to the Doughnut, which caused the cost of its move to increase from £41	41	NUM	m	NOUN	 m
Building on the work of the Poles, they had set up a good working system for decrypting Enigma signals, but they only had a few people and a few bombes, so they did not have time to translate all the signals. In the summer, they	they	PRON	had	AUX	 had
The 5,308 m2 (57,130 sq ft) Senedd building was opened by Queen Elizabeth II, the Duke of Edinburgh, the Prince of Wales and the Duchess of Cornwall on 1 March 2006 (St. David's Day). After an address by the Queen, the	the	DET	Parliament	PROPN	 Parliament
The episode received a 4.3 rating / 10 percent share among adults between the ages of 18 and 49. This means that it was seen by 3.9 percent of all 18- to 49 year olds, and 9 percent of all 18- to 49 year olds watching television at	at	ADP	the	DET	 the
In 2011, The Guardian also ranked Bristol as third in the UK for geography, just behind second place Oxford and ranked Bristol as 1st in the UK for Music. In The Complete University Guide 2013, Bristol ranked fifth for German, fourth for Russian, third	third	ADJ	for	ADP	 for
In 1988, the new Parliament House was built on Capital Hill, thereby completing the most important structure in the Parliamentary Triangle. The current home of the National Museum was built on the former site of the Royal Canberra Hospital in 2001. This occurred after the public	public	NOUN	were	AUX	 were
The main film charts the life of the great icon painter through several episodes of his life. The background is 15th century Russia, a turbulent period characterized by fighting between rival princes and the Tatar invasions. The film's prologue shows the preparations for a hot air	air	NOUN	balloon	NOUN	 balloon
The organ's secular repertoire includes preludes, fugues, sonatas, organ symphonies, suites, and transcriptions of orchestral works. Although most countries whose music falls into the Western tradition have contributed to the organ repertoire, France and Germany in particular have produced exceptionally large amounts	amounts	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
The scenes showing Borat's home village were filmed in the village of Glod, Romania. The name of Borat's neighbour, Nursultan Tuyakbay, is a cross between the names of Kazakh President Nursultan Nazarbayev and opposition politician Zharmakhan Tuyakbay. No Kazakh language is heard in	in	ADP	the	DET	 the
BBC Music's Mike Diver described the album as " a fans pleasing eighth album from Britain's most consistently brilliant band. " Michael Brodeur of The Boston Globe praised " the tense calm these eight songs maintain — a composure that feels constantly ready to crack ",	,	PUNCT	commenting	VERB	 commenting
The Captain leaves Lieutenant Geordi La Forge (Levar Burton) in command (Geordi's first time in Acting Command of a Starship). Shortly after, they find Ramsey and transmit his location to the Away Team, who beam directly to there. When confronted by	by	ADP	Data	PROPN	 Data
However, Kesiny developed an eye and re intensified into a tropical cyclone on May 9, reaching peak winds of 130 km / h (81 mph) before striking Madagascar about 60 km (37 mi) southeast of Antsiranana. It weakened while crossing the country,	,	PUNCT	and	CCONJ	 and
Since its release the film has been criticized in particular for being unnecessarily lengthy and its overacting (particularly by Rainer), and is occasionally cited as a " prime example of the Academy's fallibility " in a year when other critically acclaimed pictures such as Mr. Deeds	Deeds	PROPN	Goes	VERB	 Goes
Testing later resumed, and VR announced in 1997 that it would start normal operations with the Pendolino despite electrical problems. The ability of the train to cope with the Finnish winter was put into question, but VR denied that coldness had been a factor in the electrical	electrical	ADJ	failures	NOUN	 failures
The Emperor also appointed him to the Council of State on October 1870. But none of this prevented Caxias from attacks and accusations — some petty — in the parliament, including having left his post without permission. The embittered duke wrote to his friend Manuel Luís Osório	Osório	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
The Allied armies fell back 40 miles in confusion, and facing defeat London realized it needed more troops to fight a mobile war. Lloyd George found half a million soldiers and rushed them to France, asked American President Woodrow Wilson for immediate help, and agreed to	to	ADP	the	DET	 the
The language in literary works is contrasted from scientific and other language by the use of connotative (non literal) language and expressive content. Studies of literature must be literary and systematic, treating literature as literature and not part of another field. Wellek and Warren discuss	discuss	VERB	several	ADJ	 several
An alternative theory suggests that Beonna and Beornred may perhaps have been kinsmen from the same dynasty with ambitions to rule in both Mercia and East Anglia. No known member of the Wuffingas dynasty had a name commencing with B, but several Mercian rulers, including Beornred,	,	PUNCT	used	VERB	 used
The building has an exposed gridded steel roof 19 feet (580 cm) high, supported by six pairs of slender steel columns and lined with windows. From several column options, Degenkolb chose cantilevered columns designed in a cruciform shape, built from four steel angles measuring	measuring	VERB	6	NUM	 6
Jupiter and Saturn are together over 400 times the mass of Earth and consist overwhelmingly of hydrogen and helium; Uranus and Neptune are far less massive (<20 Earth masses each) and are composed primarily of ices. For these reasons, some astronomers suggest they belong	belong	VERB	in	ADP	 in
The town of Brookings was founded in the early 20th century, and incorporated in 1951. Fourteen thousand residents of Brookings and Harbor rely on the Chetco for drinking water. Supporting a large population of salmon and trout, the Chetco's water is of very high quality	quality	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
Both ships saw combat during the First Balkan War in 1913, primarily in supporting Ottoman forces ashore in East Thrace. The ships provided gunfire support to the Ottoman army holding the Çatalca line in defense of the capital at Constantinople. Berk i Satvet also took part in	in	ADP	two	NUM	 two
Mr Knight of Cannington alerted the nuns to the sale of Taunton Lodge, and they raised the £3,150 required to purchase it. They completed the purchase in early May 1807, after some minor quibbles with the Coles family. When the abbess visited the Lodge prior	prior	ADV	to	ADP	 to
She " loved " Ruby's death in the finale, describing it as " a beautiful thing ". Similar to Peterson, BuddyTV's Williams considered Cortese's acting " a bit distracting ", but noted she improved over time. Steenbergen considered Cortese an " acceptable	acceptable	ADJ	Ruby	PROPN	 Ruby
Along with Belgrano, Nicolás Rodríguez Peña, and Hipólito Vieytes, Castelli planned a revolution to replace the absolute monarchy with the new ideas of the Age of Enlightenment. He led the Buenos Aires patriots during the May Revolution, which ended with the removal of viceroy Baltasar	Baltasar	PROPN	Hidalgo	PROPN	 Hidalgo
The top level of club participation is the English Premiership. Leicester Tigers, London Wasps, Bath Rugby and Northampton Saints have had success in the Europe wide Heineken Cup. Rugby league was born in Huddersfield in 1895. Since 2008, the England national rugby league team	team	NOUN	has	AUX	 has
Two workers from a nearby factory found a series of footprints on the newly harrowed field near the pit, showing that a man and a woman had travelled together, almost up to the pit, and that the man returned alone. Ashford was known to many of	of	ADP	those	PRON	 those
MD 32 traverses Dorsey Run into the industrial community of Annapolis Junction, where westbound MD 32 has an interchange with Guilford Road, which leads to National Business Parkway and the historic home Grassland. The state highway crosses over CSX's Capital Subdivision into Howard County and immediately	immediately	ADV	has	VERB	 has
" Introduction I " – 1: 37 " Raga Kaushi Kanhara: Alap Jor Jhala " – 19: 02 " Raga Kaushi Kanhara: Gat in Dhamar " – 10: 04 " Introduction II " – 1: 37 " Raga Mishra Gara: Aochar / Slow	Slow	ADJ	Gat	PROPN	 Gat
Six hours later at 1800 UTC, Adrian degenerated into a swirl of low clouds while situated 300 mi (480 km) southwest of the southern tip of Baja California. Heavy rainfall produced from the storm caused minor flooding throughout Mexico. Two fatalities were directly attributed to	to	ADP	the	DET	 the
English railway officers have more dignity than to act in this manner. " The railway had stations at: While construction was being finished, trains operated out of service beyond Baker Street, reversing at a crossover to the east of the station under construction at Marylebone.	.	PUNCT	The	DET	 The
He instituted the Harvard national scholarships for underprivileged students. Dudley House was opened as a place where non resident students could stay. Conant asked two of his assistant deans, Henry Chauncey and William Bender, to determine whether the Scholastic Aptitude Test (SAT) was a	a	DET	good	ADJ	 good
After developing a minimal amount of deep convection, an Air Force Reserve Command reconnaissance aircraft found a well defined low level circulation on August 8. The depression then moved westward without intensifying for two days. On August 10, the depression was about 80 miles (130	130	NUM	km	NOUN	 km
Teixeira was then hit by a pitch and Rodriguez put the Yankees ahead with a double, scoring Damon. Posada added to that lead with a single that scored Teixeira and Rodriguez, but was thrown out at second to end the inning. Mariano Rivera entered in the	the	DET	bottom	NOUN	 bottom
When they arrive, they find only telekinetically floating rocks, Cyclops ' glasses, and an unconscious Jean. When they return to the X Mansion, Xavier explains to Wolverine that when Jean sacrificed herself, she also freed the " Phoenix ", a powerful alternate personality	personality	NOUN	which	PRON	 which
A native of Cleveland, Ostrum was 12 years old when selected by talent agents for Willy Wonka. Though he enjoyed the experience of shooting the film, he opted not to sign a three film contract when it was over. After eschewing a career in film and	and	CCONJ	theatre	NOUN	 theatre
After a first leg draw, they won the second leg 4 – 0 with two goals and an assist from Messi. At that point, he effectively became the tactical focal point of Guardiola's team, and his goalscoring rate increased. Messi scored a total of	of	ADP	47	NUM	 47
On 11 March Okello was officially stripped of his rank of Field Marshal, and was denied entry when trying to return to Zanzibar from a trip to the mainland. He was deported to Tanganyika and then to Kenya, before returning destitute to his native Uganda. In	In	ADP	April	PROPN	 April
She enjoys playing the saxophone and became friends with jazz musician Bleeding Gums Murphy, whom she regards as an idol. Murphy helps pull Lisa out of her depression in " Moaning Lisa " (season 1, 1990). She is later deeply saddened by Murphy's	's	PART	death	NOUN	 death
He keeps them moist and when they are ready to hatch, he visits a pond or ditch and releases the tadpoles. The female gastric brooding frog (Rheobatrachus spp.) reared larvae in her stomach after swallowing either the eggs or hatchlings; however, this stage	stage	NOUN	was	AUX	 was
In April 1934, Smith incorporated the Church of Thelema under US law, although retained the North American O.T.O. as an unincorporated secret society. Crowley however was confused, and believed that Smith had incorporated the O.T.O., something which angered him; he subsequently complained about Smith	Smith	PROPN	in	ADP	 in
For her work as the character, Smith received a Primetime Emmy Award for Outstanding Voice Over Performance in 1992. Alongside The Simpsons, Smith appeared in the sitcom Herman's Head as Louise, and had recurring appearances as Marlene on Dharma & Greg and Penny in two	two	NUM	episodes	NOUN	 episodes
During his quest, he meets the ancient vampire Vorador, who influences him to forsake his former humanity and accept his vampirism, and discovers the Soul Reaver, a legendary soul devouring sword. Using the Reaver, he tries to alter the course of Nosgoth's history	history	NOUN	to	PART	 to
The duo begin asking Ben questions about his time as a teen mayor in Partridge, Minnesota, having researched how he bankrupted the town. Ben responds awkwardly, stammering incomprehensibly and unable to defend himself to Crazy Ira and The Douche's taunts. Tom proposes dumping Ben	Ben	PROPN	from	ADP	 from
Since the project had been organised by the current government, it was also not interested in delving deeply into the reasons for its failure. Walker was sympathetically received by the queen, and both he and Hill were given new commands. Walker eventually wrote a detailed and	and	CCONJ	frank	ADJ	 frank
These voyages, when to any degree successful, added to the sum of European geographic knowledge about the Western Hemisphere, particularly North America, and as that knowledge grew larger, attention gradually turned toward the Arctic. Voyagers of the 16th and 17th centuries who made geographic	geographic	ADJ	discoveries	NOUN	 discoveries
The blood – brain barrier is a part of the capillary system that prevents the entry of T cells into the central nervous system. It may become permeable to these types of cells secondary to an infection by a virus or bacteria. After it repairs itself, typically	typically	ADV	once	SCONJ	 once
After all the remainders r0, r1, etc. have been substituted, the final equation expresses g as a linear sum of a and b: g = sa + tb. Bézout's identity, and therefore the previous algorithm, can both be generalized to the	the	DET	context	NOUN	 context
The filmmaker was drawn to the contrast of " engagement versus disengagement. Do we want to participate or observe? Once Che made the decision to engage, he engaged fully. Often people attribute that to a higher power, but as an atheist, he didn't	n't	PART	have	VERB	 have
Charles Swenson developed Down and Dirty Duck as a project for Flo and Eddie (Howard Kaylan and Mark Volman, formerly of The Turtles and The Mothers of Invention) under the title Cheap! The film, produced by Roger Corman, was released in July 1974 under	under	ADP	the	DET	 the
She made Toulon without further incident where the ship was refitted and extensively modified to improve her stability, returning to the Dardanelles in July. Charlemagne was less severely damaged and was repaired at Bizerte, returning to the Dardanelles in May. Saint Louis arrived that same month	month	NOUN	and	CCONJ	 and
From 1 July 2009, new rules were introduced to exempt most non UK dividends from corporation tax so these double taxation rules in respect of non UK dividends will be of less common application in practice after that date. Detailed and separate rules apply to how all the	the	DET	different	ADJ	 different
These crops could provide 0.8 GW of generating capacity. The Energy Savings Trust has estimated that micro generation could provide a significantly increased proportion of the UK's electricity demand by 2050 although only a fraction of this would come from renewable sources. The current Scottish output is	is	AUX	negligible	ADJ	 negligible
Later on August 23, the storm " jumped " northward before making another landfall in the Cuban province of Guantánamo. Continuing towards the west northwest, the hurricane regained strength as it moved over the northern Caribbean. During the afternoon of August 24, the system attained	attained	VERB	winds	NOUN	 winds
Regardless, Sifton practised law and was in 1885 made a notary public. Three years later, he earned a Master of Arts from Victoria College and a Bachelor of Laws from the University of Toronto. In 1889, he relocated again, to Calgary; there is	is	VERB	some	DET	 some
On 5 May 1789 Louis XVI summoned the Estates General which has been in abeyance since 1614, triggering a series of events that were to culminate in the French Revolution. On 20 June 1789 the newly formed Assemblée nationale (National Assembly) took an oath not to	to	PART	disband	VERB	 disband
He completed 2011 – 12 with 38 appearances for York, after which he signed a new one year contract with an option to extend in June 2012. Parslow started York's first competitive fixture since promotion away to League One Doncaster Rovers in the first round of the	the	DET	League	PROPN	 League
Her first appearance in a Grand Slam was at the 2002 Australian Open and her first Grand Slam title came at the 2004 US Open, making her the third Russian woman to win a Grand Slam title, after Anastasia Myskina and Maria Sharapova. Kuznetsova's second Grand	Grand	PROPN	Slam	PROPN	 Slam
During much of the ride's history, the trains were dispatched simultaneously, providing three near miss encounters along the courses. However, after two injuries related to loose objects hitting riders on the other coaster, the roller coasters are now dispatched separately. After a renovation	renovation	NOUN	period	NOUN	 period
In March, it was reported that Penn had completed the first draft of the script, and that Marvel editor in chief Joe Quesada and Avengers comic book writer Brian Michael Bendis had received copies. Also in March, Chris Evans accepted an offer to play Captain America	America	PROPN	in	ADP	 in
Yet there is a special pathos in these obscure tombs; the crude inscriptions on the clumsy monuments are so poignant a reminder of the vain longing of all men, however humble, to be loved and to be remembered. " The poem ends with the narrator turning	turning	VERB	towards	ADP	 towards
Most chitinozoans are found as isolated fossils, but chains of multiple tests, joined from aperture to base, have been reported from all genera. Very long chains tend to take the form of a spring. Occasionally, clusters or condensed chains are found, packed in	in	ADP	an	DET	 an
Little was done initially to improve the fortifications, beyond making modest upgrades and repairing the damage caused by the 1704 siege. In 1709, General James Stanhope complained to the Earl of Galway that " the [defence] works in general are in a very bad condition	condition	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
Claudia confronts Susan and Gabrielle about Alejandro's disappearance, but agrees to stop prying after learning that he had been sexually abusing Marisa. In " Is This What You Call Love? ", Susan learns that Julie is six months pregnant and has no relationship with the	the	DET	baby	NOUN	 baby
In about 1911, an adult male skull was found in the moss; it was thought to belong to the Romano British period – similar to the Lindow Man bog body – until radiocarbon dating revealed that it dated from 1,320 – 970 BC. The eastern terminus of	of	ADP	the	DET	 the
The generous offer was, however denied by Charles who crossed the Saxon border in September 5. As Saxony was close to defenseless, the Swedes could easily push away any resisting troops. In September 19, they occupied the city of Leipzig which finally forced Augustus into	into	ADP	unconditional	ADJ	 unconditional
Finally, he plunged into every wickedness and disgrace, when fear and shame being cast off, he simply indulged his own inclinations. Suetonius was an equestrian who held administrative posts during the reigns of Trajan and Hadrian. The Twelve Caesars details a biographical history of the	the	DET	principate	NOUN	 principate
Oscar winner Clay Pinney, known for his work on Independence Day and Star Trek, was also brought on board. Hybride Technologies, a division of Ubisoft, and Rodeo FX also contributed to the visual effects. Del Toro conceived the film as an operatic work:	:	PUNCT	That	PRON	 That
ONI Agent Jameson Locke is a Spartan IV who first appeared in Halo 2 Anniversary's both opening and ending with the task of hunting down the Master Chief in Halo 5: Guardians. Mike Colter portrays Locke in both Anniversary and the Nightfall origin movie, and only	only	ADV	provided	VERB	 provided
The animators Billy Allison and Stuart Atkinson created " huge " DPaint made character sequences but they had to implement them in game in more efficient way due to computer memory limitations. In addition, the PC version used the full 8 bit color of a 256 color palette	palette	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
The Major General and his many daughters escape from the tender hearted Pirates of Penzance, who are all orphans, on the false plea that he is an orphan himself. The pirates learn of the deception and re capture the Major General, but when it is revealed	revealed	VERB	that	SCONJ	 that
A U.S. Army Reserve training unit, the brigade provides operational training readiness for units in the First Army. Tracing its lineage back to the American Civil War, the brigade was deployed for both World War I and World War II. Reorganized and redesignated numerous times,	,	PUNCT	the	DET	 the
Yoga awakens her, by bringing vital air and heat to her. Verses 4.26 – 35 state that the human body has fourteen nadis (blood vessels), of which three are primary. Sushumna (Sanskrit: सुषुम ् णा) is the most important, as	as	SCONJ	it	PRON	 it
Doctor Who Magazine placed two of the deaths in the episode in its list of the top 100 deaths in the history of the show. Bannakaffalatta's death, a self sacrifice to save the Doctor's party, was placed in the " top 20 tearjerkers " category	category	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
This was an homage to a mainstay of Batman comic books of the Dick Sprang era, often featuring the hero fighting against a backdrop of gigantic props (they would later do another homage to Sprang's works in The New Batman Adventures episode " Legends of the Dark	Dark	PROPN	Knight	PROPN	 Knight
For example, their roots and stems contain large air spaces (aerenchyma) that regulate the efficient transportation of gases (for example, CO2 and O2) used in respiration and photosynthesis. Salt water plants (halophytes) have additional specialized adaptations, such as the development	development	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
Maulbetsch was born and grew up in Ann Arbor, Michigan. He attended Ann Arbor High School where he led the football team to consecutive state championships in 1908 and 1909. One account of the 1908 playoffs noted: " Ann Arbor's smashing play in the first	first	ADJ	half	NOUN	 half
" Guttman presented Dr George Bedbrook with the Stoke Mandeville pennant in recognition for the organisation of the Games. Each team then wheeled past the dais to the famous Australian song " Waltzing Matilda ". Dr Sir Arthur Porritt, Chairman of the British Empire and Commonwealth Games	Games	PROPN	Federation	PROPN	 Federation
As he explained, " U2's effort to discuss any humanitarian issue have sometimes been accompanied by a false instinct that U2 is also obliged to resolve that issue. Going to Sarajevo seems to me to fall into that category. I think it would endanger the people	people	NOUN	we	PRON	 we
This proved to be fortuitous, as legal issues prevented the plan from going ahead. Instead a portion of the grounds, located at the corner of North Terrace and Kintore Avenue, was put aside for the purpose. (The plan to move the Governor and to	to	PART	use	VERB	 use
Tertullian draws a parallel between Isaac's bearing the wood for the sacrificial fire with Christ's carrying his cross. and there was a general agreement that, while all the sacrifices of the Old Law were anticipations of that on Calvary, the sacrifice of Isaac was so	so	ADV	"	PUNCT	 "
Alex Andrews of Thrash Hits gave the album a four out of six rating, saying: " The flipside of Dreyer's imposing presence is that it can be all too easy to let the rest of the band fade into the background. It's a shame,	,	PUNCT	because	SCONJ	 because
Although digital distribution could not yet match retail volume, profit margins for Valve and developers were far larger on Steam. Large developer publishers, including i d Software, Eidos Interactive, and Capcom, began distributing their games on Steam in 2007. By May that year	year	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
He served as a Washington Senators coach in 1924, which were managed by his former Highlanders manager, Clark Griffith. However, he and Ben Egan were let go when the Senators hired Al Schacht on June 1. In 1927, he managed a minor league team	team	NOUN	in	ADP	 in
Hallowell wanted to help promote Rodin's work and he suggested a solo exhibition, which she wrote him was beaucoup moins beau que l ' original but impossible, outside the rules. Instead, she suggested he send a number of works for her loan exhibition of French	French	ADJ	art	NOUN	 art
In 1956 he began to tour Europe and the Americas playing Indian classical music and increased its popularity there in the 1960s through teaching, performance, and his association with violinist Yehudi Menuhin and Beatles guitarist George Harrison. His influence on the latter helped popularize the use of	of	ADP	Indian	ADJ	 Indian
In addition came the operating deficit of the airport itself. The company Norcharter had been created by Hol and Nore og Uvdal, along with private investors, but it failed to increase ridership, despite spending NOK 8 million on marketing the region and the airport. Twenty	Twenty	NUM	six	NUM	 six
In mid 2007, Biden stressed his foreign policy expertise compared to Obama's, saying of the latter, " I think he can be ready, but right now I don't believe he is. The presidency is not something that lends itself to on the job	job	NOUN	training	NOUN	 training
Many of the works were influenced by the " specificity and qualities " of Jifna, while others dealt with the subject of Palestinian identity. Jifna, locally famous for its apricot harvest, hosts an annual two day apricot festival in the first week of May. Hundreds	Hundreds	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
It is an isolated outpost of the Inner Hebrides archipelago. The author Robert Louis Stevenson wrote: An ugly reef is this of the Dhu Heartach; no pleasant assemblage of shelves, and pools, and creeks, about which a child might play for a whole summer	summer	NOUN	without	ADP	 without
The administrative and legal reforms which earned him the name Law Giver ensured the Empire's survival long after his death, an achievement which " took many generations of decadent heirs to undo ". Through his personal patronage, Suleiman also presided over the Golden Age of the	the	DET	Ottoman	PROPN	 Ottoman
" At 2 p.m., BBC Radio 1 reported: " Jimi Hendrix, regarded by millions as one of the most talented and original performers in modern rock music, is dead. " That evening, The New York Times described him as " a genius black musician	musician	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
New crops were also introduced; however, sugarcane and coffee led to plantations that economically exploited native labour. Sixty per cent of the modern population of Guatemala is estimated to be Maya, concentrated in the central and western highlands. The eastern portion of the country was	was	AUX	the	DET	 the
White Plume Mountain is set in the World of Greyhawk, a campaign setting for Dungeons & Dragons. The module is a dungeon crawl, precipitated by the theft of three magical, sentient weapons: a trident named Wave, a war hammer named Whelm, and a	a	DET	sword	NOUN	 sword
" Testing the White Dwarf Mass ‐ Radius Relation withHipparcos ". The Astrophysical Journal 494 (2): 759 – 767. Bibcode: 1998ApJ... 494.. 759P. doi: 10.1086 / 305238. Gates, Evalyn; Gyuk, Geza; Harris, Hugh C.; Subbarao	Subbarao	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
The castle was located around 175 feet (53 m) above the river and would have dominated this part of the Don Valley. It was positioned directly opposite the village, which had probably contained the old Anglo Saxon burh. The castle was held by William's	's	PART	son	NOUN	 son
The course would also study Muthu. In January 2011, Rajinikanth was slated to appear in Rana, a period film to be produced by Soundarya Rajinikanth and directed by K. S. Ravikumar, who would work with the actor for a third time. During the principal photography	photography	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
The film received mixed reviews from critics; in which negative assessments sorted the film as " silly and illogical " and " begins with the same flawed premise " of its precursor, while positive evaluations eulogized the film as " a real jolter for horror fans ",	,	PUNCT	"	PUNCT	 "
Toby Green of The Guardian attended a concert at The Roundhouse in London and gave the performance four out of five stars, saying " Pharrell's knack is connecting with the crowd. Many bands tell the audience they want to party with them, but N.E.R.D seem to	to	PART	mean	VERB	 mean
" Woodworth concluded, however, that the Supreme Court's ruling laid the issue to rest, saying that " it is difficult to see what valid objection can be raised thereto ". Another analysis of the case, published by the Yale Law Journal (1898)	)	PUNCT	,	PUNCT	,
As Chris becomes famous for his driving performance, he begins an affair with Liz Linshaw. With Echevarria's son, Francisco, who is aligned with a competing American firm, preparing to take over, Chris believes that a long time rebel leader might be a better	better	ADJ	option	NOUN	 option
He was punched in the stomach then stabbed three times from behind through the throat and chest with a foot long hunting knife. The knife penetrated completely through his body on two occasions and as he was lying on the ground he was repeatedly kicked and struck with a	a	DET	panel	NOUN	 panel
Jones had told Swedien to create a drum sound that no one had ever heard before. The audio engineer was also told to add a different element: " sonic personality ". " What I ended up doing was building a drum platform and designing some special little	little	ADJ	things	NOUN	 things
A descendant of John — John Byron — served as High Sheriff of Lancashire in 1572, and was knighted by Elizabeth I in 1579. John served as Deputy Lieutenant of Lancashire at the time of the Spanish Armada, and sourced infantry from Royton towards the English military	military	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
The first effects of the flood began to be felt in Fairbanks late on the 29th, as the Tanana River overflowed its banks and covered low lying areas of South Fairbanks. Thought was given on that date to closing the floodgates of the Moose Creek Dam, located	located	VERB	on	ADP	 on
Based on data from the U.S. Census Bureau and the City of Houston (2008, where available, and 2000 otherwise), the area demographic statistics are as follows (see table for more details). The total population was approximately 566,850. The median household income	income	NOUN	was	AUX	 was
However, this strategy backfired; the conference, held from September 18 – 22 of 1917, adopted a resolution that an independent Lithuania should be established and that a closer relationship with Germany would be conditional on Germany's formal recognition of the new state. On September	September	PROPN	21	NUM	 21
When black postmasters at Hogansville, Georgia in 1897, and at Lake City, South Carolina the following year, were assaulted, McKinley issued no statement of condemnation. Although black leaders criticized McKinley for inaction, supporters responded by saying there was little the president could do	do	VERB	to	PART	 to
" In Manhattan, a monument honoring him was installed on Raoul Wallenberg Walk, named in his honor, across from the headquarters of the United Nations. The Swedish consulate commissioned the piece, created by Swedish sculptor Gustav Kraitz. The sculpture, Hope, is a	a	DET	replica	NOUN	 replica
Initially, there were 30 precipitating tanks and 60 aerating or filtering tanks. The railway also developed, with the acquisition of 250 yards (230 m) of portable track and six tipping wagons in 1889, a steam crane later the same year, and more wagons	wagons	NOUN	in	ADP	 in
Much of it is the Davison Freeway, the nation's first urban depressed freeway, which became a connector between the Lodge (M 10) and the Chrysler (Interstate 75, I 75) freeways. Named for an English immigrant to the area, Davison Avenue	Avenue	PROPN	was	AUX	 was
Prime Minister Geir H. Haarde announced on 23 January 2009 that he would be stepping down as leader of the Independence Party for health reasons: he has been diagnosed as having a malignant oesophageal tumour. He said he would travel to the Netherlands around the end of January	January	PROPN	for	ADP	 for
Chappuis appeared on the cover of the October 28, 1947 issue of Look magazine which featured pictures of him on the football field and at the fraternity house. In the magazine, Chappuis and his future wife were also featured about the Michigan campus. He expressed an	an	DET	interest	NOUN	 interest
Brittonia 36: 293 – 296. 1984. Samuels GJ, Rogerson CT, Rossman AY, Smith JD. " Nectria tuberculariformis, Nectriella muelleri, Nectriella sp., and Hyponectria sceptri: low temperature tolerant, alpine boreal fungal antagonists ". Can J Bot 62	62	NUM	:	SYM	:
For example, the character of Candace was named Lisa Lambert in real life. The casting process for Boys Don't Cry lasted almost four years. Drew Barrymore was an early candidate to star in the film. Peirce scouted the LGBT community, looking mainly for masculine	masculine	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
He went on to take a job at the private Ethical Culture Fieldston School on New York City's Central Park West but was fired during his second year following an altercation in which he physically disciplined a female student (reportedly the daughter of actor Eli Wallach).	.	PUNCT	Following	VERB	 Following
The video was also filmed in Miami, at the Spanish monastery of St. Bernard of Clairvaux (a historic building dating to 1133 in Sacramenia, Segovia, Spain, later reconstructed in Miami). " Acércate " was leaked online before the album was released, the	the	DET	first	ADJ	 first
Centers of chess activity in this period were coffee houses in big European cities like Café de la Régence in Paris and Simpson's Divan in London. As the 19th century progressed, chess organization developed quickly. Many chess clubs, chess books, and chess journals appeared	appeared	VERB	.	PUNCT	.
The main Nancy Drew series, The Nancy Drew Files, and Girl Detective books have been translated into a number of languages besides English. Estimates vary from between 14 and 25 languages, but 25 seems the most accurate number. Nancy Drew books have been published in	in	ADP	many	ADJ	 many
Manfteuffel's army was formed up by the 66th Infantry Corps (18th and 62nd Volksgrenadier divisions), 58th Panzer Corps (116th Panzer Division and 560th Volksgrenadier Division), the 47th Panzer Corps (2nd Panzer Division and 26th Volksgrenadier Division), the Panzer Lehr Division	Division	PROPN	and	CCONJ	 and
A preview service of electric trains ran on 27 April 1986 and the full timetabled service commenced on 12 May 1986. The next day, a wrong side failure occurred involving three signals between Tonbridge and Hastings. Contractors had made errors in the wiring of the signal heads	heads	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
Subsequent investigators of North American mushroom flora had difficulties in interpreting Peck's concepts of these three taxa and in confirming their presence in their regional investigations. For example, McIlvaine (1902), Hard (1908), and McDougall (1925) reported (as variety	variety	NOUN	or	CCONJ	 or
The Derby was won by Sir Hugo, but many believed that Orme would have won easily had he made the race. Porter ran Orme in a trial four days before the Eclipse Stakes at Sandown Park as preparation. He raced against his five year old half brother	brother	NOUN	Blue	PROPN	 Blue
Mulder is a believer in the paranormal, while the skeptical Scully has been assigned to debunk his work. In this episode, Mulder and Scully return to the site of their first investigation together when a series of abductions take place. However, Scully's failing health	health	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
Others argue and hold that Chol HaMoed does not constitute a " sign " in which case tefillin must be laid. Three customs evolved resulting from the dispute: To refrain from wearing tefillin: This ruling of the Shulchan Aruch is based on kabbalah and the Zohar which	which	PRON	strongly	ADV	 strongly
It was originally intended to show that Berlin " is taking an upward path in its development ". The tower is also adorned with many sculptures, including vases and 29 representations of the civic virtues and Greek deities by Taschner, Josef Rauch, Georg Wrba and William	William	PROPN	Widemann	PROPN	 Widemann
Astronomers did not observe large amounts of water following the collisions, and later impact studies found that fragmentation and destruction of the cometary fragments in an ' airburst ' probably occurred at much higher altitudes than previously expected, with even the largest fragments being destroyed when the pressure	pressure	NOUN	reached	VERB	 reached
Barker learned the drum tracks for the band's set in only 45 minutes prior to his first show. Raynor returned for the band's Hollywood Palladium performance, and the band became increasingly uneasy and arguments grew worse. To offset personal issues, Raynor began to drink	drink	VERB	heavily	ADV	 heavily
Marshall had seen the Aston Martin DBS V12 used in the James Bond film Casino Royale (2006) and sought to implement a similarly " sexy " car. Since the car company did not do product placement, the filmmakers purchased three new Bentley Continental GTs for US	US	PROPN	$	SYM	 $
His physical condition did not allow him many opportunities to play any other positions, so this compelled his managers to leave him in the game longer, even when his performance was declining. He was allowed to play in the field on several occasions, when the situation	situation	NOUN	warranted	VERB	 warranted
The pair remained friends until his death in 1979. Soon after moving to California, Hepburn began a relationship with her agent, Leland Hayward, although they were both married. Hayward proposed to the actress once they had each divorced but she declined, later explaining,	,	PUNCT	"	PUNCT	 "
The one negative from their performance was the dismissal of Graeme Le Saux for a second bookable offence in the second half. Local rivals Fulham were Chelsea's semi final opponents. A scrappy match, which saw Fulham dominate much of the play but creating little, was	was	AUX	settled	VERB	 settled
In 2002, Turunen toured South America, performing in the classical Lied concert Noche Escandinava (Scandinavian Night) to sold out houses. Following this and an exhausting world tour in support of Century Child (the World Tour of the Century), Nightwish took a hiatus	hiatus	NOUN	and	CCONJ	 and
Tulsi Satsai (तुलसी सतसई), literally Seven Hundred Verses by Tulsidas, is a work in both Awadhi and Braja and contains 747 Dohas divided in seven Sargas or cantos. The verses are same as those in Dohavali and Ramagya Prashna but the order is different.	.	PUNCT	The	DET	 The
In the words of GameSpot's Greg Kasavin: " The very first time you boot up Morrowind, you'll be treated to a memorable, stirring theme filled with soaring strings and booming percussion. You'll proceed to hear it literally every five minutes or so during	during	ADP	play	NOUN	 play
" Following the Dennis decision, the Court utilized balancing tests for free speech cases, and rarely invoked the clear and present danger test. The defense attorneys appealed their contempt sentences, which were handed out by Judge Medina under Rule 42 of the Federal Rules of Criminal	Criminal	PROPN	Procedure	PROPN	 Procedure
The third edition, published in 2003, included 36 new species and several new paintings. Stebbins considered keeping up to date with current scientific literature the most daunting task due to the volume of recent publications. Cyril A. Stebbins; — — (1941). What	What	PRON	Bird	PROPN	 Bird
The New York Times Book Review was more critical, pointing out Crane's support for Scott's discredited claims regarding the circumstances of the freeing of the Discovery from the pack ice, and concluded " For all the many attractions of his book, David Crane offers no	no	DET	answers	NOUN	 answers
Thus Alcibiades, instead of going straight home, first went to Samos to pick up 20 ships and proceeded with them to the Ceramic Gulf where he collected 100 talents. He finally sailed to Gytheion to make inquiries, partly about the reported preparations of the Spartans there	there	ADV	,	PUNCT	,
Before leaving Whorf presented the paper " Stem series in Maya " at the Linguistic Society of America conference, in which he argued that in the Mayan languages syllables carry symbolic content. The SSRC awarded Whorf the grant and in 1930 he traveled to Mexico City where Professor	Professor	PROPN	Robert	PROPN	 Robert
The outnumbered Confederate forces fought desperately and well. Despite significant advantages in manpower, McClellan was unable to concentrate his forces effectively, which meant that Lee was able to shift his defenders to parry each of three Union thrusts, launched separately and sequentially against the Confederate left	left	VERB	,	PUNCT	,
He is notable for the formal application of the caste system to the entire Hindu population of British India in the 1901 census, of which he was in charge. As an exponent of race science, he used the ratio of the width of a nose to its	its	PRON	height	NOUN	 height
However, Shinoda, after listening to the demos again after the end of the tour, felt a strong negativity towards his material, especially after Rubin's statements. In a Warner Music interview, Shinoda stated that " I don't even believe in this music.	.	PUNCT	This	PRON	 This
Like its predecessor the film was shot mostly in California, except for a key sequence in Monaco. Iron Man 2 premiered at the El Capitan Theatre on April 26, 2010, and was released internationally between April 28 and May 7 before releasing in the U.S. on	on	ADP	May	PROPN	 May
Headaches and nausea have been reported from ingesting large quantities of the fluid, though it is not known to contain a toxic substance. The species was the subject of an illustration by Sydney Parkinson, artist on HM Bark Endeavour's voyage to the Pacific from 1769 to	to	ADP	1771	NUM	 1771
The JNA's Operational Group South now began to systematically clear the town centre, cutting off the remaining groups of defenders. They captured a key hilltop, Milova Brda (Mill Hill), on 9 November, giving them a clear view of the town. The	The	DET	assault	NOUN	 assault
After the United States commenced hostilities against Germany in April 1917, Krueger was assigned to the 84th Infantry Division at Camp Zachary Taylor as its Assistant Chief of Staff G 3 (Operations). He became its chief of staff, with the rank of major as of	of	ADP	5	NUM	 5
The fleet then sailed south, and attacked a German convoy near Bodø, sinking three merchant ships for the loss of six aircraft. The Home Fleet put to sea to attack Tirpitz again in mid May in what was designated Operation Brawn. A strike force of 27	27	NUM	Barracudas	PROPN	 Barracudas
The highway was built and subsequently maintained by New York City as the result of a 1909 court order, which mandated that the city maintain the reservoir perimeter roads in perpetuity. In the 1930 renumbering of state highways in New York, the portion of the southern loop	loop	NOUN	road	NOUN	 road
On November 17, 1956, Chotiner married his longtime assistant, Ruth Arnold. Despite his success in advancing Nixon's career, Chotiner was respected, but was not universally popular among the Vice President's backers. Frank Jorgensen, one of Nixon's first backers in	in	ADP	the	DET	 the
New abilities such as tail swings, greater jumping ability and increased movement speed can also be obtained through evolution. During gameplay, the player will also encounter crystals that either display hints and tips, grant large amounts of Evolution Points or transform their character into a unique	unique	ADJ	body	NOUN	 body
In 2000, he was voted onto the Wolverine ’ s " All Century Team ". Skrepenak was drafted in the 1992 NFL Draft with the 32nd overall pick in the second round by the Los Angeles Raiders. He stayed with the franchise for four seasons, which	which	PRON	included	VERB	 included
Official photographs and television interviews were held in the courtyard adjoining the Assembly Hall, which is part of the School of Divinity of the University of Edinburgh. This building was vacated twice to allow for the meeting of the Church's General Assembly. In May 2000,	,	PUNCT	the	DET	 the
" The members of the committee from the Senate were opposed to constitutionalizing the vicinage requirement, believing that the vicinage provisions of the first Judiciary Act (already being debate) were sufficient. A second letter from Madison to Pendleton recounts that the Senators were inflexible in opposing	opposing	VERB	a	DET	 a
They also reflect a shift towards the French genre of grand opera, notable in more colorful orchestration, counterpointing of serious and comic scenes, and greater spectacle. The opportunities of transforming Italian opera by utilising such resources appealed to him. For a commission from the Paris	Paris	PROPN	Opéra	PROPN	 Opéra
As usual, Katsura was the sole female contestant. In her first round she was victorious over Miller, 60 – 47 in 76 innings, then beat Chamaco 60 – 55, but followed with a loss to Ezequiel Navarra 60 – 28 in 48 innings. Katsura	Katsura	PROPN	then	ADV	 then
It adds that he was buried at Wareham " without any royal honours ". The compiler of this version of the Chronicle, manuscript E, called the Peterborough Chronicle, says: " No worse deed for the English race was done than this was, since they	they	PRON	first	ADV	 first
On average the motorway carries 15% increased volume of traffic during summer months. As the Hungarian M6 motorway is gradually extended towards the Croatian border and the A5 motorway's northern terminus, the number of tourists traveling along this route in summer months is increasing. There	There	PRON	are	VERB	 are
The site, which is little more than the junction and a few trees, functions as a rest area. From Crystal Springs, the highway curves southwest to pass between the Pahrangat and Mount Irish ranges to ascend 5,592 foot (1,704 m) Hancock Summit. Descending	Descending	VERB	the	DET	 the
All I really want is [to] just be me and that's what I should have done in the first place... I don't say this much but guess what, I don't take care of myself. Following the quick removal of the messages,	,	PUNCT	Berger	PROPN	 Berger
Meanwhile, Obi Wan is dispatched to the planet Utapau to deal with General Grievous, and Yoda is dispatched to Kashyyyk to defend the planet from invasion. Tempting Anakin, Palpatine eventually reveals that he is the Sith Lord Darth Sidious, saying that only he has the	the	DET	knowledge	NOUN	 knowledge
It was released on October 24, 2000, by RCA Records. The album was recorded from late 1999 to late 2000, while Aguilera was touring to promote her first two studio albums: Christina Aguilera (1999) and Mi Reflejo (2000). My Kind	Kind	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
" In the 1966 pre season, Timberlake was third on the Giants ' depth chart at quarterback. In the September 1966 issue of the Sporting News, Timberlake lamented: " I ’ m not doing anything. For four days the other week, I didn ’	’	PUNCT	t	PROPN	 t
Pound published 90 copies in Paris in 1925 of A Draft of XVI. Cantos of Ezra Pound for the Beginning of a Poem of some Length now first made into a Book. Pound came to believe that the cause of World War I was finance capitalism, which	which	PRON	he	PRON	 he
Aston Villa Football Club were formed in March 1874, by members of the Villa Cross Wesleyan Chapel in Handsworth which is now part of Birmingham. The four founders of Aston Villa were Jack Hughes, Frederick Matthews, Walter Price and William Scattergood. Aston Villa's first	first	ADJ	match	NOUN	 match
Despite previously issued warnings, rough seas produced by the hurricane still caused several ship accidents. Strong waves forced several ships near Galveston to either become grounded or sunk. The derrick barge Miller and other craft were grounded along Galveston's West Bay. A large dredge was	was	AUX	swept	VERB	 swept
Winning the NL batting title by a 43 point margin, with an on base percentage lead of 27 points and a 138 point slugging percentage margin — the latter being the largest gap since Rogers Hornsby's 1925 season — Musial became the first player to win three NL	NL	PROPN	MVP	PROPN	 MVP
There is also a bust of San Martin at the Intramuros or Walled City of Manila, which was erected in 1950 at the request of the Perón government as a reminder that San Martin's brother, Juan Fermin, served in the Philippines from 1801 to 1822.	.	PUNCT	José	PROPN	 José
Rachel feels threatened by her boyfriend Finn's (Cory Monteith) desire to re join the school football team, fearing that their relationship will not work if he becomes popular again. After visiting the dentist and experiencing her own hallucination, in which she performs "...	...	PUNCT	Baby	NOUN	 Baby
The camp was protected by 300 troopers of Confederate cavalry, commanded by Col. Nathan Bedford Forrest. The road approaching the field was covered by fallen trees for more than 200 yards (180 m). As skirmishers from the 77th Ohio Infantry approached, having difficulty	difficulty	NOUN	clearing	VERB	 clearing
In an alternate reality, Joker destroys Metropolis with a nuclear weapon, killing millions of people, after tricking Superman into killing Lois Lane and their unborn child. A grieving Superman murders Joker in retribution after Batman tries to interrogate him on where he got the weapon.	.	PUNCT	In	ADP	 In
His 1768 Massachusetts Circular Letter calling for colonial non cooperation prompted the occupation of Boston by British soldiers, eventually resulting in the Boston Massacre of 1770. To help coordinate resistance to what he saw as the British government's attempts to violate the British Constitution at the expense	expense	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
In the final moments, Pat Walsh, the NSW forward, got close to scoring but lost the ball in the tackle. A scrum ensued and Queensland won the ball and kicked it away. Verge caught the ball running at full pace and went for the corner	corner	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
About a mile into Morris County, US 46 divides and becomes a four lane highway, turning north and crossing over a mountain. It continues into Mount Olive Township, taking a sharp turn to the east before the road becomes undivided while remaining four lanes. The	The	DET	road	NOUN	 road
" I understood when I went to the Times Herald I was to have full control. That control was not given me... There is some difference in our political beliefs. I have broader Republican views than [McCormick] has. I am for the same people	people	NOUN	as	ADP	 as
More Cypriot immigrants arrived during the National Organisation of Cypriot Fighters (EOKA) ' s campaign for Cypriot independence from Britain and union with Greece, which started in 1955. In the four years of conflict, an average of 4,000 Cypriots left the island per year for	for	ADP	the	DET	 the
Such a proposal was also included in the Grand Remonstrance, a list of grievances which Parliament presented to Charles on 1 December that year. Charles responded on 23 December that the church required no reforms. Undeterred, Parliament passed three bills in 1642 appointing an assembly and	and	CCONJ	stipulating	VERB	 stipulating
Thelma ultimately succumbed to wind shear and degraded to a tropical depression. On November 8, the depression made landfall in Southern Vietnam before dissipating hours later. While passing over the Philippines, Thelma's interaction with the high terrain of some of the islands resulted in torrential	torrential	ADJ	rainfall	NOUN	 rainfall
Seasonal automobile roads with scenic vistas are located at Poet's Seat Park, Mount Sugarloaf State Reservation, J.A. Skinner State Park, the Mount Tom State Reservation, Hubbard Park, and West Rock Ridge State Park; these roads are also used for bicycling and cross –	–	PUNCT	country	NOUN	 country
" After effecting repairs in New York, Admiral Graves sailed from New York on 19 October with 25 ships of the line and transports carrying 7,000 troops to relieve Cornwallis. It was two days after Cornwallis surrendered at Yorktown. General Washington acknowledged to de Grasse the importance	importance	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
An important recreation resource located within 10 miles (16 km) of a population corridor of over 1.5 million people, the ridge is home to four long distance hiking trails and over a dozen parks and recreation areas including several state and nationally recognized historic sites. Because	Because	SCONJ	of	ADP	 of
Meanwhile, in 1861, after decades of construction, the Wellington Monument in Dublin's Phoenix Park was completed, the foundation stone having been laid in 1817. This vast obelisk, 220 feet (67 m) high and 120 feet (37 m) square at	at	ADP	the	DET	 the
He is described as a " thin and stern faced man of about 50 [years of age] ", despite being much older. He hides himself under a dark cloak, and most of his magic comes from spells, potions and poisons. He is described	described	VERB	as	ADP	 as
Two other reactors in Barsebäck were shut down in 1999 and 2005. When these reactors were built, it was expected their nuclear fuel would be reprocessed in a foreign country, and the reprocessing waste would not be returned to Sweden. Later, construction of a domestic	domestic	ADJ	reprocessing	VERB	 reprocessing
During The King of Fighters EX: Neo Blood, Moe Habana, the heir of one of the ten sacred treasures, finds Kyo seriously wounded after his fight against Orochi. After healing him, Moe joins Kyo along with Benimaru to participate in a tournament developed by	by	ADP	the	DET	 the
Game Informer called Fish the film's " most memorable developer ", and Rock, Paper, Shotgun wrote that Fish is portrayed as melodramatic, theatrical, and neurotic, in a way that exacerbates his outspoken public perception. Eurogamer said that the part where Fish resolves	resolves	VERB	to	PART	 to
There is evidence that mirror neurons exist in humans as well as in non human animals. The right fusiform gyrus, left inferior parietal lobule, right anterior parietal cortex, and left inferior frontal gyrus are of particular interest. Some researchers believe that mu wave suppression can	can	AUX	be	AUX	 be
Elements of the division's pioneers joined in the final assault on the heights beyond the river and aided in the capture of the position. Despite several counter attacks, the division held the high ground. The attack inflicted at least 225 casualties and resulted in the capture	capture	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
In locations such as the Andes of South America and Himalayas in Asia, the demise of glaciers in these regions has the potential to affect water supplies in those areas. The retreat of mountain glaciers, notably in western North America, Asia, the Alps and tropical	tropical	ADJ	and	CCONJ	 and
This provided the Navy with enough ships to form two full battle squadrons of eight ships each. The fleet was then renamed the Hochseeflotte (High Seas Fleet). On 21 September 1910, Zähringen was decommissioned and her crew was transferred to the new dreadnought Rheinland,	,	PUNCT	which	PRON	 which
On December 12, 1990, the NHL approved a new franchise for Firestone's group, to start play in the 1992 – 93 season. The new team hired former NHL player Mel Bridgman, who had no previous NHL management experience, as its first general manager	manager	NOUN	in	ADP	 in
This major mountain building event started near the end of the Mesozoic, around 75 million years ago, and continued into the Eocene period of the Cenozoic. It was caused by subduction off the western coast of North America. Major faults that trend north – south and	and	CCONJ	cross	VERB	 cross
An accompanying music video for " Balans " was directed by Anton San and released onto Stan's YouTube channel on 2 March 2016; by May 2016, the clip amassed over one million views. The clip was filmed in an abandoned warehouse or a polygon where the	the	DET	inside	ADJ	 inside
Eilley reinvented herself as " The Famous Washoe Seeress ", a professional scryer and fortune teller in Nevada and California. Worth over $4 million at the height of the Nevada mining boom, she died penniless in a care home in Oakland, California. Alison Oram	Oram	PROPN	(	PUNCT	 (
It was written by co executive producer John Riggi and directed by Don Scardino. The episode originally aired on the National Broadcasting Company (NBC) in the United States on April 12, 2007. Guest stars in this episode include Kevin Brown, Grizz Chapman, John	John	PROPN	Lutz	PROPN	 Lutz
Western troops soon pulled out of the civil war, instead only supporting the Whites with officers, technicians and armaments, but Japan remained because they saw the conflict as an opportunity for territorial expansion. Lenin tasked Trotsky with establishing a Workers ' and Peasants ' Red Army	Army	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
The chair of this council is held by the member from the state holding the presidency (see section above). Similarly, the Economic and Financial Affairs Council is composed of national finance ministers, and they are still one per state and the chair is held by	by	ADP	the	DET	 the
Deficiencies of vitamins are classified as either primary or secondary. A primary deficiency occurs when an organism does not get enough of the vitamin in its food. A secondary deficiency may be due to an underlying disorder that prevents or limits the absorption or use of the vitamin	vitamin	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
The major emendations in the final versions can be summarized as follows: The most frequent modification is expansion of the original material. The expansions frequently repeat preceding measures or consist of rests or left hand figurations without the melody, providing a pause in the motion. This	This	PRON	is	AUX	 is
Hannover was struck from the navy list in 1936 and destined for the scrapyard. There were ideas to rebuilt her as a target ship especially for aircraft, although this never occurred. Schlesien was re boilered and converted into a training ship as well in 1936. The	The	DET	following	ADJ	 following
For example, men convict more frequently than women in some types of criminal trials but less frequently in others. Besides this, demographic characteristics are often less predictive than the attitudes jurors hold; for example, attitudes towards rape are better verdict predictors than gender in rape	rape	NOUN	trials	NOUN	 trials
Kurt has been receiving valentines and gifts all week from a secret admirer that he believes to be Blaine (Darren Criss), who is still home recovering from eye surgery. He arrives at Sugar's party early to discover his admirer is actually former bully Karofsky (	(	PUNCT	Max	PROPN	Max
The original building was constructed in 1926, and became famous when the national media picked up a story about actress Clara Bow cancelling checks she owed to the Cal Neva worth $13,000 in 1930. After a fire, the building burnt down in 1937 and was rebuilt	rebuilt	VERB	over	ADP	 over
All the interior footage had practical effects, including debris and explosions, with computer graphics used only to add exteriors and Iron Man's armor. From July 19 to August 1, 2012, filming took place on Oak Island, North Carolina, to " film aerial	aerial	ADJ	drops	NOUN	 drops
Turing was elected a Fellow of the Royal Society (FRS) in 1951. In addition, he has had several things named in his honour. Good – Turing frequency estimation Turing completeness Turing degree Turing Institute Turing Lecture Turing machine examples Turing patterns Turing reduction Turing switch	switch	NOUN	Copeland	PROPN	 Copeland
On the critical first day of the battle, 16 October, a French 100 gun artillery barrage forced a hole in the line between the Russian and Prussian forces on Klenau's flank. When Murat's cavalry charged the hole, Klenau's corps, plus reserve cavalry	cavalry	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
It receives North Slough, connected to Bybee Lake, on the right, and passes through the Ramsey Lake Wetlands and Kelley Point Park before entering the Willamette River about 1 mile (1.6 km) from its confluence with the Columbia River. The mouth of the Columbia	Columbia	PROPN	River	PROPN	 River
In 1933, all of VT 17 and the portion of VT F 7's former routing between Addison and New Haven were added to the state highway system. Prior to this time, maintenance of both roads was performed by the towns through which they passed. VT	VT	PROPN	17	NUM	 17
The defensive line once again came through with a great performance, holding the Cardinals to just 33 yards on the ground. Mitchell coaches in a quiet and cerebral style which he picked up from the first head coach under who he worked, saying with typical understatement,	,	PUNCT	"	PUNCT	 "
The purpose of Brougham's speech was to illustrate that three courts of identical jurisdiction were unnecessary, and further that it would create a situation where the best judges, lawyers and cases would eventually go to one court, overburdening that body and leaving the others near useless	useless	ADJ	.	PUNCT	.
All this time the heat was so intense that butcher's meat could hardly be eaten on the day after it was killed... " This was caused by the eruption of the Laki volcano in Iceland between 8 June 1783 and February 1784, killing up to a quarter	quarter	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
One squadron was to be equipped with Crusaders with the other two squadrons operating Shermans. The regiment would spend the next year in training under the command of Lieutenant Colonel Clive Pleasants, who had taken over command after the death of Lynch. By May 1943, many	many	ADJ	personnel	NOUN	 personnel
He remarked that and the NAIT 2 resembled his Krell KSP 7B / KSA 80 combination sonically, but lacked " ooomph, kick, balls in the bass ". Although his colleague Robert Harley disliked the NAIT 2 for its styling, connectors, price, and poor	poor	ADJ	performance	NOUN	 performance
Audrey Buckles died in 1999, and their daughter moved back to the farm to care for him. After the start of the 21st century, Buckles continued living near Charles Town, West Virginia, and was still driving a tractor on his farm at age 103.	.	PUNCT	He	PRON	 He
The war degenerated into a stalemate, with Matilda controlling much of the south west of England, and Stephen the south east and the Midlands. Large parts of the rest of the country were in the hands of local, independent barons. Matilda returned to Normandy,	,	PUNCT	now	ADV	 now
The central theme of the book is that biologists of its author's day overemphasized evolution as the fundamental determinant of the form and structure of living organisms, and underemphasized the roles of physical laws and mechanics. At a time when vitalism was still being considered as a	a	DET	biological	ADJ	 biological
Bernard married Amelia Offley, daughter of the sheriff of Derbyshire, in December 1741, and the couple raised a large family: by 1757 the couple had eight living children. Because his prospects for further income to support this large family were unlikely in Lincoln, he	he	PRON	apparently	ADV	 apparently
Such a situation, he argued, would undermine the predictability and uniformity of a sound legal system. Imam Malik accepted qiyas as a valid source of legislation. For him, if a parallel could be established between the effective cause of a law in the primary sources	sources	NOUN	and	CCONJ	 and
Qualified SASR members wear a sandy coloured beret with a metal, gold and silver badge, depicting the sword Excalibur, with flames issuing upwards from below the hilt, with a scroll across the front of blade inscribed with the regimental motto " Who Dares Wins ",	,	PUNCT	on	ADP	 on
This is the signature of an antiproton annihilation. The next year, a group led by Owen Chamberlain and Emilio Segrè detected antiprotons, for which they were awarded Nobel Prize in Physics in 1960. By the time of the Bagnères de Bigorre conference, Rossi had already	already	ADV	turned	VERB	 turned
Late on November 4, Florence was upgraded to a hurricane as a solid area of deep convection developed around the center of circulation. An eye feature also appeared on infrared satellite but was not associated with significant strengthening. Florence slowly intensified as the eye persisted and the	the	DET	structure	NOUN	 structure
The flight deck between the elevators was bulged up and buckled; one section of the flight deck out was blown out and flung over to starboard to land across the funnels. Only 13 men were killed (including her executive officer) and another 12 men were wounded	wounded	VERB	during	ADP	 during
This Purifier thinks he is Fenix in a dragoon shell. Artanis is overjoyed to meet this manifestation of his old comrade and is in no rush to tell him the truth, allowing him to discover it at a pace he is comfortable with, by studying the combat	combat	NOUN	logs	NOUN	 logs
1046 – 221 BC), where it meant " to present ", as in poetic recitations. It was also one of the three literary devices traditionally assigned to the songs of the Classic of Poetry (Shijing 詩經). Over the course of the late 1st	1st	PROPN	millennium	PROPN	 millennium
BL I 94 turns southeasterly off King Highway, which continues as M 96. BL I 94 (Amvets Memorial Parkway) is a four lane expressway to its eastern terminus at I 94's exit 81. On December 7, 1959, the I 94 / US	US	PROPN	12	NUM	 12
She was named German Sportswoman of the Year in 2007, 2011 and 2012. Magdalena Neuner was born in the German alpine resort town of Garmisch Partenkirchen, the second of four children of bank clerk Paul Neuner and his wife Margit. She has an elder brother Paul	Paul	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
The interviewer was very pleased with Baker's performance and decided to sign him for the job. As for Ghale, he was designed to be " thin ", and his backstory was designed to be revealed as players progressed through the game's story. According to	to	ADP	the	DET	 the
This race is found in central Siberia from about the Ob eastward to Lake Baikal, north to about latitudes 580 to 590 N on the Yenisei River, south to the Altai, Tarbagatai and the Saur Mountain ranges and in Tannu Tuva and Khangai Mountains in northwestern Mongolia	Mongolia	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
Sheriff Fleming told his deputies not to stop the lynching, and no one was arrested after the event. Bernstein speculates that his actions were motivated by a desire to harshly deal with crime to help his candidacy for re election that year. Mayor John Dollins may have	have	AUX	also	ADV	 also
The mass of biochemical knowledge grew rapidly throughout the early 20th century. One of the most prolific of these modern biochemists was Hans Krebs who made huge contributions to the study of metabolism. He discovered the urea cycle and later, working with Hans Kornberg, the citric	citric	ADJ	acid	NOUN	 acid
Since Billboard began monitoring music downloads in 2010, " Bidi Bidi Bom Bom " has remained on the Regional Mexican Digital Songs chart for 280 non consecutive weeks, second to the number of consecutive weeks for her 1992 single " Como la Flor ". Many musicians have	have	AUX	since	SCONJ	 since
It's really fun, but I'm escaping from my boyfriend and escaping from the paparazzi and trying to find my way through the whole video. " The video commences with a short segment of dramatic music. It then focuses on Cyrus, wearing a white tank	tank	NOUN	top	NOUN	 top
In 1984 an association of veterans of the Regiment erected a marker in Salinas in honor of their former unit. The War Brides Act of 1945, and subsequent Alien Fiancées and Fiancés Act of 1946, continued to apply until the end of 1953, allowing veterans of	of	ADP	the	DET	 the
On 9 July 1997, the Cambodian Foreign Ministry issued a White paper labelling Ranariddh a " criminal " and a " traitor ", as well as accusing him of conspiring with the Khmer Rouge to destabilise the government. Ranariddh travelled to the Philippines, Singapore and Indonesia	Indonesia	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
An AllMusic critique describes it as " one of the greatest, most inspiring rock records of all time ". The Sex Pistols directly inspired the style, and often the formation itself, of many punk and post punk bands during their first two and a half year	year	NOUN	run	NOUN	 run
Strathearn and March were forfeited in 1427 and 1435 respectively. Mar was forfeited in 1435 on the earl's death without heir which also meant that the lordships of Garioch and Badenoch reverted to the crown. James sought to boost his income further through taxation and succeeded in	in	ADP	getting	VERB	 getting
The terrain in this part of the bay offered significant advantage to defending forces, lined as it was with numerous creeks which slowed movement and obscured firing lanes. Throughout 3 September, the 2 / 9th Infantry Battalion came up against significant resistance; in one engagement that	that	PRON	took	VERB	 took
The running order was changed, and four songs (" Cousin Kevin ", " Underture ", " Sensation " and " Welcome ") were dropped entirely. Townshend later said the group " did the whole thing from start to finish and that was when we	we	PRON	first	ADV	 first
The main effect of gender in Czech is the difference in noun and adjective declension, but other effects include past tense verb endings: for example, dělal (he did, or made); dělala (she did, or made) and dělalo (it did	did	AUX	,	PUNCT	,
That night, a sergeant from Rhode Island deserted, carrying the plan of attack to the British. Montgomery consequently drafted a new plan; this one called for two feints against Quebec's western walls, to be led by Jacob Brown and James Livingston, while two	two	NUM	attacks	NOUN	 attacks
The mechanism of actin filament initiation by Arp2 / 3 has been disputed. The question is where the complex binds the filament and nucleates a " daughter " filament. Historically two models have been proposed. Recent results, and the balance of opinion in the field,	,	PUNCT	favour	VERB	 favour
The track was ultimately released on September 10, and was serviced to rhythmic contemporary radio stations in the United States on September 17. " 23 " received generally mixed reviews from music critics, who were ambivalent towards its production and Cyrus ' rapping ability. In a	a	DET	favorable	ADJ	 favorable
Meanwhile, Halsey's carrier and battleship task forces remained just beyond Japanese air attack range about 300 mi (260 nmi; 480 km) south of Guadalcanal. Kondo sent two of his force's destroyers, Asagumo and Samidare, to the Shortlands to replace the two	two	NUM	destroyers	NOUN	 destroyers
" At the airport, Scully is pretending to read the fictional Miami Post Tribune but closer inspection reveals that she is actually reading the " Facts And Arguments " page from Canada's national paper, The Globe and Mail. The flight manifest that Scully is scanning in	in	ADP	search	NOUN	 search
A desperate Homer insists on taking Bart deer hunting with Moe and Barney. When they can not find any deer, they decide instead to go to " Santa's Village " and shoot the reindeer in the corral, despite a tearful Bart being reluctant to do so	so	ADV	.	PUNCT	.
Early on August 28, all watches and warnings were discontinued as Kiko weakened into a tropical depression and moved away from land. In Baja California Sur, more than 1,300 people evacuated to shelters in La Paz. Flights arriving and departing in the region were canceled or	or	CCONJ	diverted	VERB	 diverted
Grant's reactions to the scandals ranged from prosecuting the perpetrators to protecting or pardoning those who were accused and convicted of the crimes. For example, when the Whiskey Ring scandal broke out in 1875, Grant, in a reforming mood, wrote: " Let no	no	DET	guilty	ADJ	 guilty
W. Harrison Holt moved to Tiffin, Ohio, to manage the company's lumber business there, where he remained until the early 1880s. Their mother died in 1875, and their father died eight years later in 1883. After his father's death, Benjamin Holt	Holt	PROPN	left	VERB	 left
I've found the two almost equally rewarding. " An important contributor to this was his enjoyment of flying. He learned to fly in 1933, later earning instrument and multi engine ratings. Over the next 50 years he accumulated over 1000 hours of flight time,	,	PUNCT	most	ADJ	 most
The most common and successful variant is the 777 300ER with 660 delivered and 800 orders; Emirates operates the largest 777 fleet, with 144 passenger and freighter aircraft as of July 2015. The 777 has been involved in five hull losses as of October 2015; the	the	DET	Asiana	PROPN	 Asiana
No accurate global population numbers are available, but the great white shark is now considered vulnerable. Sharks taken during the long interval between birth and sexual maturity never reproduce, making population recovery and growth difficult. The IUCN notes that very little is known about the actual	actual	ADJ	status	NOUN	 status
Additionally, as the storm churned in the Gulf, forecasters predicted that it would strike Houston, Texas, the location of many major oil refineries that survived Katrina, leading to additional spikes in oil prices before the predictions changed. In Georgia, Governor Sonny Perdue declared	declared	VERB	"	PUNCT	 "
He was enrolled at the Albert School, and befriended Wilf Cude, an immigrant child from Wales who would also go on to be a National Hockey League (NHL) goaltender. When the First World War began in 1914, both of Gardiner's brothers enlisted in	in	ADP	the	DET	 the
The South Vietnamese, in their efforts to hold the district, lost more than three thousand soldiers killed or captured; only about fifty soldiers actually reached An Lộc. The Viet Cong also captured all seven American advisers and an embedded French journalist, Yves Michel Dumond,	,	PUNCT	in	ADP	 in
The film ranked at the top in its opening weekend, accumulating $48 million, which was seen as " strong but unimpressive by today's instantaneous blockbuster standards ". The film's five day gross was $72.9 million, beating Batman Forever (1995) as	as	ADP	the	DET	 the
This would appear to have been about the point when Amlaíb mac Gofraid began his own forty year reign in the Isles. The latter, who apparently spent a considerable part of his childhood at the court of Henry I, King of England (died 1135),	,	PUNCT	may	AUX	 may
Ryszard Siwiec married in 1945 and had five children. According to friends and family, he had extensive historical knowledge and was deeply disillusioned with the reality of communist Poland. He supported the protesting students during the March 1968 Polish political crisis in Poland, printing bibuła leaflets	leaflets	NOUN	and	CCONJ	 and
Perry praised the game's wide variety of weapons and gadgets, having counted at least thirty different weapons and equipment for the player to use, with the added bonus of secret weapons, adding to the gameplay value. Game Revolution added that the AI was " perhaps	perhaps	ADV	the	DET	 the
Each driver was limited to twelve laps, with the grid order decided by the drivers ' fastest laps. During this session the 107% rule was in effect, requiring each driver to remain within 107% of the fastest lap time to qualify for the race.	.	PUNCT	The	DET	 The
The Uberti family houses had formerly stood at the location of the new piazza, but the Uberti were " rebels of Florence and Ghibellines " and thus the plaza was intentionally laid upon the former location of their homes so they could never be rebuilt. According to Villani	Villani	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
Music too has been inspired by the ocean. Sea shanties were chanted by mariners to help coordinate arduous tasks and impressions in music have been created of calm waters, crashing waves, and storms at sea. Classical sea related music includes Richard Wagner's The Flying Dutchman	Dutchman	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
The historic reasoning for the regressive nature of the payroll tax is that entitlement programs have not been viewed as welfare transfers. However, according to the Congressional Budget Office the net effect of Social Security is that the benefit to tax ratio ranges from roughly 70% for	for	ADP	the	DET	 the
UCLA curators, who maintain a large collection of Manutius's printing, have described this as a " wholesale change... the press followed precedent; popular in France, [these] types rapidly spread over western Europe ". Ultimately, old style fonts like all of	of	ADP	these	PRON	 these
Bowling from the other end, Bedser beat Bradman with seam movement off the pitch and the ball narrowly skimmed past the stumps. Standing up to the stumps, wicket keeper Godfrey Evans removed the bails as Bradman leaned forward, but his foot had stayed firmly behind the	the	DET	crease	NOUN	 crease
" Prior to being cast in Dallas, Principal had starred in a few small roles in movies and television specials. These works include Earthquake in 1974, and Fantasy Island in 1977. Patrick Duffy, who would play Pamela's on screen love, knew the part	part	NOUN	was	AUX	 was
City then lost 2 – 0 at Bayern Munich, a match most notable for the refusal of Carlos Tevez to come on as substitute, which resulted in an exile from the first team lasting nearly six months. A double header with Villarreal resulted in two Manchester City	City	PROPN	wins	VERB	 wins
Making a plaster cast, called an endocast, of the inside of this cavity allowed Maleev to make preliminary observations about the shape of a Tarbosaurus brain. A newer polyurethane rubber cast allowed a more detailed study of Tarbosaurus brain structure and function. Tyrannosaurus rex brain structure	structure	NOUN	has	AUX	 has
In spite of this, reviewers generally felt that the drawbacks of the game were minor in comparison to its strengths. IGN concluded that " Morrowind isn't perfect and its system requirements are huge; but its accomplishments outweigh any reservations. " GameSpot's review concluded with	with	ADP	a	DET	 a
Although punk rock was a significant social and musical phenomenon, it achieved less in the way of record sales (being distributed by small specialty labels such as Stiff Records), or American radio airplay (as the radio scene continued to be dominated by mainstream formats such	such	ADJ	as	ADP	 as
After peaking at 140 mph (230 km / h) with an estimated central pressure of 938 mb (27.70 inHg), based on ship observations, the cyclone struck the island of New Providence, the seat of the Bahamian capital Nassau, on the morning of	of	ADP	July	PROPN	 July
The policy which would, some 30 years later, come to be called the " Monroe Doctrine " was contained in the President's annual message to Congress on December 2, 1823. It warned European nations against new colonial ventures in the Americas, and against interference	interference	NOUN	with	ADP	 with
The arena is located next to the ski jumping hill Lysgårdsbakken, with which it shares some broadcasting and telecommunications facilities. During the Olympics, 800 square meters (8,611 sq ft) of temporary buildings, including tents, were erected at the venue. Kanthaugen is one	one	NUM	kilometer	NOUN	 kilometer
Its name means “ chisel ” in Latin, and it was formerly known as Caelum Scalptorium (“ the engravers ’ chisel ”); It is a rare word, unrelated to the far more common Latin caelum, meaning “ sky, heaven, atmosphere ”.	.	PUNCT	It	PRON	 It
The EPA rated the 2011 Volt combined fuel economy at 93 miles per gallon gasoline equivalent (MPG e) in all electric mode, and 37 mpg US (6.4 L / 100 km; 44 mpg imp) in gasoline only mode, for an overall combined fuel	fuel	NOUN	economy	NOUN	 economy
" In a 2008 interview, Bakshi referred to Crumb as a " hustler " and stated, " He goes in so many directions that he's hard to pin down. I spoke to him on the phone. We both had the same deal, five percent	percent	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
The battalion arrived at Marseilles on 23 June and afterwards was transported by rail to Hazebrouck. On 8 July the 5th Division was called up to the front from training behind lines in order to replace the battalions of the Australian 4th Division which were being transferred to the	the	DET	Somme	PROPN	 Somme
He also wrote that Aguilera " hits the clubs in horny revenge. " Caomhan Keane for Entertainment.ie described " Red Hot Kinda Love " as Lotus ' " highlight, " writing that the song revisits the bouncy melodies of " I Hate Boys " and " My Girls	Girls	NOUN	"	PUNCT	 "
She wonders whether she could die like this - all to protect her family … " In December 2010, Channel 4 released a press statement which revealed Jacqui and Gilly Roach (Anthony Quinlan) would drunkenly cheat on Rhys together, after she finds out Rhys has slept	slept	VERB	with	ADP	 with
Bushnell felt that Galaxy Game was not a real competitor to Computer Space, due to its high price. Pitts and Tuck believed, however, that despite the economic argument their game was superior, as they felt that Galaxy Game was a true expansion of Spacewar,	,	PUNCT	while	SCONJ	 while
Peter the Great ordered that the boat be displayed in the Kremlin in 1722 in honor of the Peace of Nystad. It was moved from there to the Alexander Nevsky Monastery in May 1723. Peter sailed the boat down the Neva River on his birthday, 30 May	May	PROPN	1723	NUM	 1723
Extending from the 164th south and west across Edson's Ridge to the Lunga River was the 7th Marine Regiment. Covering the sector west of the Lunga to the coast were the 1st and 5th Marine Regiments. Defending the mouth of the Matanikau for the Americans were two	two	NUM	battalions	NOUN	 battalions
In the receipt of an impression, the soul is purely passive and the impression reveals not only its own existence, but that also of its cause — just as light displays itself and the elements that are in it. The power to name the object resides in	in	ADP	the	DET	 the
This natural rivalry was amplified by a basketball game held the day prior to the Gator Bowl that pitted the two schools ' varsity teams against each other. In exchange for participating in the game, each team received $1.5 million from the Gator Bowl Association. Ticket	Ticket	NOUN	sales	NOUN	 sales
Barbarian: The Ultimate Warrior is a fighting game that supports one or two players. Players assume the roles of sword wielding barbarians, who battle in locales such as a forest glade and a " fighting pit ". The game's head to head mode lets a	a	DET	player	NOUN	 player
" Even friends admit to some trepidation in her presence. " Anna happens to be a friend of mine, " says Barbara Amiel, " a fact which is of absolutely no help in coping with the cold panic that grips me whenever we meet. " "	"	PUNCT	I	PRON	 I
Pitt and Landon Ronald conducted the Royal Albert Hall Orchestra; Eugene Goossens conducted the London Symphony Orchestra; and Hamilton Harty and Sir Edward Elgar conducted the orchestra of the Royal Philharmonic Society. In 1924 the Wireless Orchestra, by then comprising 22 players, was contracted for	for	ADP	six	NUM	 six
Ottavio Rinuccini was the librettist for both Dafne and Euridice. In the new genre a complete story was told through characters, and in addition to choruses and ensembles the vocal parts included recitative, aria and arioso. This was a development from various older forms of musical	musical	ADJ	theatre	NOUN	 theatre
The image was adapted from a photograph included in Alice Stone Blackwell's biography of Stone. Until 1999, the Massachusetts State House displayed only portraits of influential male leaders of the state of Massachusetts. That year, a project called " Hear Us ", initiated by	by	ADP	the	DET	 the
Lactarius blennius has a flattened convex cap that is 4 – 10 cm (1.6 – 4 in) across that later becomes depressed in the centre. In colour, it is pale olive to a greenish grey, sometimes a dull green or pale grey sepia, and	and	CCONJ	has	VERB	 has
In 2000, the agricultural, hunting / fishing, forestry, and mining industries made up 5.46% of the industry in Juniata County. Livestock farming was more popular in the county than crop cultivation. In 2002, the egg and poultry industry in the county generated	generated	VERB	$	SYM	 $
For her role in the film Sophie's Choice (1982), Streep spoke both English and German with a Polish accent, as well as Polish itself. In The Iron Lady, she reproduced the vocal style of Margaret Thatcher from the time before Thatcher became Britain	Britain	PROPN	's	PART	's
The Age of Empires series has been a commercial success, selling over 20 million copies. The popularity and quality of the games has earned Ensemble Studios a strong reputation in real time strategy gaming. Ensemble collaborated with Big Huge Games on Age of Empires III: The	The	DET	Asian	PROPN	 Asian
The scandal and court case have been the subject of factual and fictional publications. Most biographies of Edward VII contain some details of the scandal, but the first book to cover it in detail did not appear until 1932. This was Teignmouth Shore's The Baccarat Case	Case	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
After Boldt's decision, the Washington Department of Fisheries issued new regulations in compliance with the decision. The Puget Sound Gillnetters Association and the Washington State Commercial Passenger Fishing Vessel Association both filed lawsuits in state court to block the new regulations. These private concerns won at	at	ADP	both	CCONJ	 both
This allowed defendants counsel, witnesses, a copy of their indictment and a jury, and when not charged with an attempt on the monarch's life, they were to be prosecuted within three years of the alleged offence. Edward Stafford, 3rd Duke of Buckingham was	was	AUX	executed	VERB	 executed
After a while, they come to an exhibit displaying The Adventures of Fatso Flanagan, which is one of Homer's favorite television shows. There, the family is approached by Annie Dubinsky, the agent of the actor who played Fatso Flanagan. They start chatting and	and	CCONJ	become	VERB	 become
An agreement between Cosme and the World Wrestling Council was first rumored on November 26, 2009. The promotion made the official announcement two days later, including highlights of his career in a compilation video displayed during a special event titled Crossfire. His debut was scheduled for	for	ADP	January	PROPN	 January
In 1986, Ravenloft was adapted into the gamebook Master of Ravenloft, # 6 in the Advanced Dungeons & Dragons Adventure Gamebooks series. In the book, the reader plays the role of Jeren Sureblade, a paladin, who must defeat Count Strahd von Zarovich to save	save	VERB	a	DET	 a
The horses who have served as Thunder need to remain calm in situations that would normally frighten most horses, such as being in football stadiums with thousands of cheering fans, exploding pyrotechnics, cheerleaders waving pom poms, and other spectacles common to National Football League (NFL	NFL	PROPN	)	PUNCT	)
During this two day festival held on the 4th weekend of every July, Danebod celebrates its Danish heritage and community. During this festival, there is a parade inspired by Danish traditions and culture that goes down Main Street with floats made by the various neighborhoods. Traditional	Traditional	ADJ	Danish	ADJ	 Danish
The Dodgers entered the game with an 89 – 63 record and an 8 game lead in the NL West over the Cincinnati Reds, while the San Francisco Giants were 10.5 games back in fourth place in the division with a 79 – 74 record entering the game.	.	PUNCT	With	ADP	 With
A passenger in the background cried, " In the cockpit. If we don't, we'll die " at 10: 00: 25. Sixteen seconds later, another passenger yelled, " Roll it! ", possibly referring to using the food cart.	.	PUNCT	The	DET	 The
The defensive line would need to slow down the Seahawks running attack to keep the Steelers in the game, a challenge which Mitchell took personally. The players came through holding Alexander under the 100 yard plateau and most importantly preventing him from scoring, which was crucial to	to	ADP	a	DET	 a
It uses a shortened version of the song, cutting out the final chorus. The video was uploaded to Clarkson's official website on July 27. Following its release, Kahn posted statements to his Twitter account that his vision of the video was not realized, and	and	CCONJ	complained	VERB	 complained
Reagan had assured Thatcher that an invasion was not contemplated, and thereafter Thatcher felt she could never fully trust Reagan again. During her first year as Prime Minister she supported NATO's decision to deploy US nuclear cruise and Pershing II missiles in Western Europe and permitted the	the	DET	US	PROPN	 US
They do not have a home territory they defend against other echidnas, but range over a wide area. The range area has been observed to be between 21 and 93 ha, although one study in Kangaroo Island found the animals there covered an area between 9 and	and	CCONJ	192	NUM	 192
While the causes of Howe's financial misfortunes are unknown, several contemporary critics held that the cause was Howe's need to keep up appearances among the ruling elite, while Josiah Martin, Tryon's successor as Royal Governor, believed Howe's misfortunes were evidence of his	his	PRON	potential	NOUN	 potential
After recovering, Martin participated in the Continental Cup, where he assisted in leading Team North America to a fifth win over Team World. Martin also participated in the All Star Curling Skins Game, where his all star team lost in the semifinal against Glenn Howard's	's	PART	all	DET	 all
Lesa Kennedy is CEO and Jim France is Chairman. ISC is still headquartered in Daytona Beach, Florida near Daytona International Speedway. ISC is working on a new development called ONE DAYTONA that will feature anchor tenants Bass Pro Shops, Cobb Theatres and a Marriott Autograph Collection	Collection	PROPN	hotel	NOUN	 hotel
The Victoria Cross (VC) was instituted in 1856 as the British Empire's highest decoration for valour. From that date, until the 52nd merged with 43rd in 1881, two soldiers from the 52nd were awarded the Victoria Cross, both at Delhi in 1857:	:	PUNCT	Bugler	PROPN	 Bugler
In an effort to help her gain muscle control and confidence, her parents sent her to start ballet dancing, before trying swimming, a sport her mother had competed in. Aged six, she was taken to swimming classes while the family holidayed in the Mornington Peninsula	Peninsula	PROPN	.	PUNCT	.
In 1783, he was appointed to the quartermaster corps and in 1787, he was promoted to warrant officer. In the early days of the French Revolution, he adopted its principles with zeal and enthusiasm. Subsequently, Ordener took part in all the French Revolutionary Wars	Wars	PROPN	.	PUNCT	.
Tobacco revealed that in making the album, Beck sent the vocal parts to him, and that they had never actually met. In March 2010, Beck revealed that he had produced songs for the new Jamie Lidell album, Compass. In the summer of 2010,	,	PUNCT	Beck	PROPN	 Beck
The first mention of a Uranian ring system comes from William Herschel's notes detailing his observations of Uranus in the 18th century, which include the following passage: " February 22, 1789: A ring was suspected ". Herschel drew a small diagram of the ring	ring	NOUN	and	CCONJ	 and
A prototype development contract decision would have followed by 2013. The Technology Development Phase (or Milestone A) would begin in the fourth quarter of Fiscal Year 2010 with the award of up to three vehicle contracts. This was to be followed by an Engineering & Manufacturing	Manufacturing	PROPN	Development	PROPN	 Development
A particularly important task for the squadron was supporting the work up of RAN warships by acting as targets; in this role Skyhawks were often deployed to RAAF Base Laverton in Victoria and RAAF Base Pearce in Western Australia. 724 Squadron also formed a Skyhawk equipped aerobatics team	team	NOUN	called	VERB	 called
At around 10: 00, Nürnberg came under heavy fire from the British cruisers, as well as the powerful battlecruisers Courageous and Glorious, armed with 15 inch (380 mm) guns. Nürnberg was not hit directly, but shell splinters from near misses rained down	down	ADP	on	ADP	 on
The article highlighted a problem with the Court's interpretation of the statute's purpose at hand, stating: " Even assuming the propriety of invoking legislative purpose in statutory interpretation, the text of the [Act] does not support the Court's understanding of the Act	Act	PROPN	's	PART	's
The PS4 features a " Rest mode " feature. This places the console in a low power state, while allowing users to immediately resume their game or app once the console is awoken. The console also is able to download content such as game and OS updates	updates	NOUN	while	SCONJ	 while
Ahead of the tournament proper, he spoke in positive terms of his development since 2006: " I went to Germany as player with no reputation or real experience to speak of. Tactically, I have learned a lot and I'm in much better condition, both	both	CCONJ	physically	ADV	 physically
Simultaneously, the Viet Cong 272nd Regiment overran South Vietnamese government positions in the sub sector of Phước Bình. During their brief occupation of Phước Long district, the Viet Cong destroyed several major strategic hamlets in the surrounding areas, such as Ba Ra, Thuan Kiem,	,	PUNCT	Thuan	PROPN	 Thuan
" Eh, Eh (Nothing Else I Can Say) " was about breaking up with a boyfriend and finding someone new. " Brown Eyes " was inspired by the British rock band Queen and, according to Gaga, is the most vulnerable song on the album	album	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
Dan Martin of The Guardian described it as " fun ", with praise to the expensive looking sets and dinosaurs, the usefulness of Amy and Rory, and the concept of the gang. While he admitted it was " flimsy " and " pretty much a story	story	NOUN	built	VERB	 built
Olivia is captured by Walternate's forces, imprisoned in the government facility on Liberty Island and put through both physical and psychological treatments by Walternate to make her believe that she is really the Fauxlivia of the parallel universe. Olivia manages to escape the facility and make it	it	PRON	to	ADP	 to
The Litigators is about a two partner Chicago law firm attempting to strike it rich in a class action lawsuit over a cholesterol reduction drug by a major pharmaceutical drug company. The protagonist is a Harvard Law School grad big law firm burnout who stumbles upon the boutique and	and	CCONJ	joins	VERB	 joins
By 1909, Harvey had served on HMS Duke of Edinburgh, HMS St George and the new battlecruiser HMS Inflexible. In 1910 Harvey became Instructor of Gunnery at Chatham Dockyard and the following year was promoted to major, a report on the gunnery school commenting " Degree	Degree	PROPN	of	ADP	 of
After World War II, urban development eliminated much of the Southern California citrus production, with the notable exception of the Santa Clara River Valley. Ramona, published in 1884, was based in part of some of the experiences that Helen Hunt Jackson had had during her	her	PRON	visit	NOUN	 visit
Time magazine in its April 25, 2005 issue named Daley as the best out of five mayors of large cities in the United States, and characterized Daley as having " imperial " style and power. In May 2006 in Geneva, Switzerland the United Nations Committee Against	Against	ADP	Torture	PROPN	 Torture
Her beam was 21.7 m (71 ft) and a draft of 6.6 m (22 ft) standard and 7.2 m at full load. Seydlitz and Lützow were 210 m (690 ft) long overall, with beams of 21.8 m (72 ft) and	and	CCONJ	drafts	NOUN	 drafts
The first test VH 71A, Test Vehicle # 2 (TV 2), made its initial flight on 3 July 2007 at AgustaWestland's facility in Yeovil in the UK. Lockheed Martin also used an EH101, designated TV 1, for initial testing in the United	United	PROPN	States	PROPN	 States
When a mysterious Black Samurai begins transforming the population into demons, Flynn and three companions are sent to capture her. The pursuit of the Black Samurai drags Flynn and his comrades into a startling revelation and a power struggle between angelic and demonic forces. Development began after	after	ADP	the	DET	 the
There are numerous areas set aside to protect the local fauna and flora, including a number of important seabird nesting sites. The Shetland pony and Shetland Sheepdog are two well known Shetland animal breeds. Other distinguished local breeds include the Shetland sheep, cow, goose,	,	PUNCT	and	CCONJ	 and
With Toscanini not considered, Puccini hoped that Sir Thomas Beecham would conduct the premiere, but he declined and Gaetano Bavagnoli conducted. Once again, only Gianni Schicchi was received with real warmth. Other early performances included the October 1920 production of Il trittico in German,	,	PUNCT	at	ADP	 at
After Nancy Reagan accepted the flag, she approached the casket and spent several minutes patting and stroking it. She laid her head down on the casket, before breaking down and crying; The Washington Post described Mrs. Reagan as having been " stoic through nearly a week	week	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
In 1957, van de Kamp narrowed his uncertainties, claiming that the object had a mass of eight times that of Jupiter, a calculated orbital period of 4.8 years, and a semi major axis of 2.4 AU. In 1977, Soviet astronomers at the Pulkovo Observatory	Observatory	PROPN	near	ADP	 near
He went to Selwood Middle School in Frome, and his mother still lives nearby. A street, Jenson Avenue, has been named after him, as has a new bridge over the River Frome ' The Jenson Button Bridge '. In May 2010, Button was	was	AUX	awarded	VERB	 awarded
Tourist sites exist in the Bahamas, the Cayman Islands, Spain, the Fiji Islands, Thailand, Indonesia, Hawaii, Western Australia and the Maldives. Mantas are popular because of their enormous size and because they are easily habituated to humans. Scuba divers may get	get	VERB	a	DET	 a
Arsenal's assistant coach Emma Hayes described Chapman as " a rock that makes everything around her better. She was the engine and heartbeat of the successful quadruple winning team. " Midway through the 2007 – 08 season, Chapman's second pregnancy ruled her out of the	the	DET	rest	NOUN	 rest
However, West soon impressed his colleagues with his defensive hustle, with his vertical jump — he could reach up 16 inches above the rim when he went up — and with his work ethic, spending countless extra hours working on his game. On the floor,	,	PUNCT	West	PROPN	 West
The idea of a galactic habitable zone was further developed in 2001 in a paper by Ward and Brownlee, in collaboration with Guillermo Gonzalez of the University of Washington. In that paper, Gonzalez, Brownlee, and Ward stated that regions near the galactic halo would lack	lack	VERB	the	DET	 the
LC2s earned three race victories over their lifetime in the hands of Italian drivers Teo Fabi, Riccardo Patrese, Alessandro Nannini, and Mauro Baldi, as well as German Hans Heyer and Frenchman Bob Wollek. In 1982, the new Group C regulations were introduced to the	the	DET	World	PROPN	 World
Influenced by the music of Buddy Holly, Buckingham and Nicks created it in 1974 before they were in Fleetwood Mac. " Oh Daddy " was crafted spontaneously and includes improvised bass guitar patterns from John McVie and keyboard blips from Christine McVie. The album ends with "	"	PUNCT	Gold	PROPN	 Gold
Fodor's describes the restaurant as " extraordinary " and " one of the best restaurants in the country ". Frommer's gives the restaurant three stars, grading it as " exceptional ". In September 1996, Ben Rogers ate at the restaurant for The Independent before	before	SCONJ	it	PRON	 it
There was no newspaper or audio and video programs available on JEX flights. Passengers traveling in class J could enjoy JAL class J in flight entertainment services, where available. Since March 27, 2011, Passengers traveling in all classes can enjoy in flight entertainment services on	on	ADP	all	PRON	 all
Bristol Cathedral was founded as St Augustine's Abbey in 1140 by Robert Fitzharding, along with its associated school, with the building works continuing in the Gothic style until about 1420. St Mark's Church was built around 1220. Soon after, the foundations were laid	laid	VERB	for	ADP	 for
These air masses originate from the South Pacific high and move in a northeastern direction during winter towards Buenos Aires by passing. Although it is polar maritime (this is a cool, moist air mass that forms from oceans located in the subarctic and arctic regions at the	the	DET	southern	ADJ	 southern
In the final, Harris scored 23 points and recorded 16 rebounds as Delta State defeated Louisiana State University 68 – 55 for their third consecutive title. Harris was named as the national tournament's most valuable player and to the All American first team during Delta State's	's	PART	three	NUM	 three
At the lap 240 restart, Ambrose was the leader, as Menard collided into the wall to cause the seventh caution. Five laps later, the Ambrose restarted in the first position. On the 250th lap, Earnhardt, Jr. passed Johnson to take over the fifth	fifth	ADJ	position	NOUN	 position
The examination of burial sites for this period, such as that at Hallowhill, St Andrews, indicates a life expectancy of only 26 to 29. The known conditions have been taken to suggest it was a high fertility, high mortality society, similar to developing countries	countries	NOUN	in	ADP	 in
For example, the position and the linear momentum in the x direction of a particle are represented respectively by the operators <formula> and <formula> (where <formula> is the reduced Planck constant). This is the same example except for the constant	constant	ADJ	<	PROPN	 <
The capital of the province, Sira town, prospered most under Dilavar Khan and expanded in size to accommodate 50,000 homes. (See Map 10.) Palaces and public monuments of Sira became models for other future constructions; both Haidar Ali's palace in Bangalore and	and	CCONJ	Tipu	PROPN	 Tipu
" The HIV plot had many ramifications for the character of Pauline, as she struggles to come to terms with her son's condition. It was also instrumental in raising public awareness about the illness, which was still the subject of much ignorance when EastEnders tackled it	it	PRON	in	ADP	 in
Midway through season three, Kate persuades Rousseau to help some of the survivors find the Others ' home, by informing her that Alex helped her escape from the Others. When they arrive, Rousseau abandons the group and watches from the bushes as Alex walks past.	.	PUNCT	A	DET	 A
The cantata text was provided by Erdmann Neumeister, published in Geistliche Poesien in Frankfurt in 1714. He began and ended his work with a hymn stanza. " Nun komm, der Heiden Heiland " is the main hymn for Advent, which Martin Luther had derived from	from	ADP	the	DET	 the
It debuted at number 64 on the Hot 100 Airplay chart on September 21, 2002, and rose to number 49 the following week. It dropped one place to number 50 on the chart issue dated October 5, 2002. RCA Records released it in the United	United	PROPN	States	PROPN	 States
Olmstead would never leave the NHL until his retirement in 1962, playing 39 games that season on a line with Maurice Richard and Elmer Lach, scoring 38 points. Olmstead also appeared in 11 playoff games, collecting six points, as the Canadiens lost the best of	of	ADP	seven	NUM	 seven
The purchase " involved a formal partnership between the Library, Durham University and Durham Cathedral and an agreement that the book will be displayed to the public equally in London and the North East. " There was a special display at the British Library until June 2012,	,	PUNCT	and	CCONJ	 and
Beauty Revealed was one of more than three hundred portrait miniatures compiled by the couple, who gave it to the Met in 2006, as part of a gift / purchase arrangement of their collection. Carrie Rebora Barratt and Lori Zabar of the Met describe Goodridge's self	self	NOUN	portrait	NOUN	 portrait
I have heard the estimate that as many as 20,000 people will die each day that would have been saved by surgery. " An MSF aircraft carrying a field hospital was repeatedly turned away by US air traffic controllers who had assumed control at Toussaint L ' Ouverture International	International	PROPN	Airport	PROPN	 Airport
" Columbia Records simultaneously released Dylan, a collection of studio outtakes (almost exclusively covers), widely interpreted as a churlish response to Dylan's signing with a rival record label. In January 1974, Dylan returned to touring after seven years; backed by the Band	Band	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
Harvey replaced the injured Barnes, while Saggers replaced the injured Tallon behind the stumps. England made three changes. Emmett was dropped and Hutton was recalled to take his opening position. Laker replaced his left arm finger spinning colleague Young. Dollery, who had made only	only	ADV	38	NUM	 38
The Democrats were furious and launched a bitter campaign against Morton, who did not do a great deal of campaigning. Instead, he successfully returned about 9,000 active duty soldiers home on leave to vote in the election, presumably for Morton, " the soldier's friend	friend	NOUN	"	PUNCT	 "
The South Park creators said they chose Gifford completely at random, not based on any particular reason or distaste for her. Shortly after " Weight Gain 4000 " aired, the tabloid The Globe hired Suzen Johnson to film herself seducing Frank Gifford, Gifford's husband,	,	PUNCT	for	ADP	 for
Buttler was again called up to the Twenty20 International squad for the two matches against the West Indies in September 2011, Buttler again was not required to bat in the first match. The second match of the series saw Buttler score just 13 runs as England lost by	by	ADP	25	NUM	 25
The Western Allies had furthermore tried to take neutral Sweden and Norway along with them. Thus, the " masterminds " behind the war were the UK and France, but also Sweden, the United States, and Italy, who had issued massive amounts of materiel,	,	PUNCT	money	NOUN	 money
The Gliebermans had hinted at moving the Rough Riders to the United States, making them even more unpopular than they already were in Canada's capital. As part of a settlement with the CFL, Glieberman sold the Rough Riders to Bruce Firestone for CAN $1.85 million	million	NUM	,	PUNCT	,
The promoters of the HStP & CCR were inspired by the recent success of the City and South London Railway (C & SLR), the world's first deep tube railway. This had opened in November 1890 and had seen large passenger numbers in its first year	year	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
While a low quality version leaked on December 31, 2014, a full version of the record remains unreleased for consumer consumption. A minute and thirty five second video displaying clips from the film was uploaded to The Weinstein Company's YouTube channel on January 13, 2015	2015	NUM	;	PUNCT	;
He wrote Saint Joan in the middle months of 1923, and the play was premiered on Broadway in December. It was enthusiastically received there, and at its London premiere the following March. In Weintraub's phrase, " even the Nobel prize committee could no longer	longer	ADV	ignore	VERB	 ignore
Producer Michael White had hoped to begin work on the production and described the script as being " in the same style as the other one. It has reflections of the past in it. " Although the script has not been published, bootleg copies can be read	read	VERB	on	ADP	 on
MacFarlane has also appeared on news shows and late night television shows such as Jimmy Kimmel Live! and Late Show with David Letterman. On January 19, 2007, MacFarlane appeared on Countdown with Keith Olbermann on MSNBC to discuss Stephen Colbert's appearance on The O'Reilly Factor	Factor	PROPN	and	CCONJ	 and
Implementation of the Act began immediately. Hugh Johnson spent most of May and June planning for implementation, and the National Recovery Administration (NRA) was established on June 20, 1933 — a scant four days after the law's enactment. Roosevelt angered Johnson by having	having	VERB	him	PRON	 him
" The song heavily features bombastic tribal drums, and paranoia inducing strings that create a feeling of tension. The beat of " Monster " has been described as a " hyperventilating death rattle " by The Washington Post's Chris Richards, commenting that the song was permeated	permeated	VERB	with	ADP	 with
The following season, he was spotted by Yorkshire coach George Hirst and former England spinner Bobby Peel, who were talent scouting for Yorkshire, and given a trial in the cricket nets at Headingley cricket ground. Peel realised Verity was an intelligent bowler who had excellent control	control	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
Sneferu's immediate successors followed this pattern, but beginning in the late Old Kingdom, pyramid complexes combined different elements from the axial plan and from the rectangular plan of Djoser. To supply the massive pyramid complexes, kings founded new towns and farming estates on undeveloped lands	lands	NOUN	across	ADP	 across
He favoured a reverse of the image. Bader was bored and frustrated at being left out of the major actions in the south. To Bader, it did not make sense for 12 Group to apparently sit idle while 11 Group suffered heavy losses and fought at a	a	DET	numerical	ADJ	 numerical
The soap opera made daytime history by being the first to represent two men simulating sex. Jamey Giddens of Daytime Confidential opined that Chad and Vincent's relationship should have received more media attention in comparison to Luke Snyder and Noah Mayer from the CBS soap opera As the	the	DET	World	PROPN	 World
Graham played in one MLB game before he retired to practice medicine. On April 22, 2016 the LSU baseball team retired Furniss ' No. 36 jersey. Furniss graduated LSU with an academic major in zoology on a pre medical track, and grade point averages above	above	ADP	3.5	NUM	 3.5
Three Catholic priests, Oswald Tesimond, Edward Oldcorn and Robert Middleton, were also educated at St Peter's. John and Christopher were both married, to Dorothy and Margaret respectively. John had a daughter, born some time in the late 1590s. As a precautionary	precautionary	ADJ	measure	NOUN	 measure
The system, which was previously discontinued, was part of a pilot program that the Army was looking at to bring battlefield promotions back. Soldiers of the brigade were also some of the first to use the MRAP, or Mine Resistant Ambush Protected vehicle. The soldiers	soldiers	NOUN	used	VERB	 used
Due to the darker complexion of Mediterranean peoples, Hitler regarded them as having traces of Negroid blood and therefore did not have strong Nordic Aryan heritage and were thus inferior to those that had stronger Nordic heritage. Hitler held immense admiration for the Roman Empire and its legacy	legacy	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
Johnson immediately established a camp atop Bull Hill, which overlooked the town of Altman. He ordered that fortifications be built, a commissary stocked and the miners be drilled in maneuvers. On May 24, the strikers seized the Strong mine on Battle Mountain, which overlooked	overlooked	VERB	the	DET	 the
This odd shape was explained by Archer: " A ship that is built with exclusive regard to its suitability for [Nansen's] object must differ essentially from any known vessel. " On 6 October 1892, at Archer's yard at Larvik, the ship was	was	AUX	launched	VERB	 launched
The British Film Institute cites it as Chaplin's finest accomplishment, and the critic James Agee hails the closing scene as " the greatest piece of acting and the highest moment in movies ". City Lights became Chaplin's personal favourite of his films and remained so throughout	throughout	ADP	his	PRON	 his
Marcellus, a rigorist, purged all mention of Marcellinus from church records, and removed his name from the official list of bishops. Marcellus himself was banished from the city, and died in exile on January 16, 308. Maxentius, meanwhile, took advantage of	of	ADP	Galerius	PROPN	 Galerius
Townsend has cited, among others, Judas Priest, W.A.S.P., Frank Zappa, Broadway musicals, ABBA, new age music, Zoviet France, King's X, Morbid Angel, Barkmarket, Grotus, Jane's Addiction, Metallica, Cop Shoot Cop and Fear Factory	Factory	PROPN	as	ADP	 as
On the following episode of Raw on May 17, Hart defeated The Miz to win the United States Championship, despite Chris Jericho, William Regal, and Vladimir Kozlov attempting to interfere on The Miz's behalf. The Miz had a tumultuous relationship with Bryan, who	who	PRON	was	AUX	 was
In the engagement, 242 U.S. and 249 Japanese sailors died. The engagement was one of only two battleship against battleship surface battles in the entire Pacific campaign of World War II, the other being at the Surigao Strait during the Battle of Leyte Gulf. The four	four	NUM	Japanese	ADJ	 Japanese
" Fey explained that she approaches each role asking herself, " Would I be plausible in this role, in this job? " However, her role as Kate Ellis in 2015's Sisters provided Fey with an opportunity to stray from playing the type A female characters	characters	NOUN	for	ADP	 for
Unlike Gossypium, the genus from which cotton is derived, the bristles which grow on E. angustifolium are unsuited to textile manufacturing. Nevertheless, in Northern Europe, they were used as a substitute in the production of paper, pillows, candle wicks, and wound dressings	dressings	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
The rivalry with IFK Malmö is both geographical and historical. The two clubs come from the same city and used to play at the same stadium in the early 20th century. The supposed actions of board members of IFK Malmö in 1933, revealing Malmö FF's breaches	breaches	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
As the water receded Osage began to hog at the ends because only her middle was supported by the sand. This caused her longitudinal bulkheads to split and broke many rivets in her hull and on her deck. She was repaired in place before being refloated at the	the	DET	end	NOUN	 end
Part of the fleet carrying General Arnold and his troops arrived in Chesapeake Bay on December 30, 1780. Without waiting for the rest of the transports to arrive, Arnold sailed up the James River and disembarked 900 troops at Westover, Virginia, on January 4.	.	PUNCT	After	ADP	 After
Despite his arguments and the end of the division's availability for operations against the Japanese occupied Ramree Island, he was over ruled by Churchill's backing of Wingate. On 6 September, the division began reorganising for long range penetration. It had been estimated that 10	10	NUM	percent	NOUN	 percent
British magazine NME ranked Bedtime Stories as the 30th best album of 1994. At the 38th Grammy Awards in 1996, the album received a nomination for Best Pop Album. Slant Magazine included Bedtime Stories on their list of " The Best Albums of the 1990s " at	at	ADP	number	NOUN	 number
The estates planned to build up an increasingly autonomous Finnish state, led by the elite and intelligentsia. The Fennomans aimed to include the common people in a nonpolitical role in order to reduce unrest due to social problems; the labor movement, youth associations and temperance movement	movement	NOUN	were	AUX	 were
(1971), Benito Mussolini in Last Days of Mussolini (1975), and ended the decade playing a disturbed priest in The Amityville Horror (1979). By the 1980s, heart problems and depression took its toll on Steiger's career, and he found	found	VERB	it	PRON	 it
Hoernie saw Evans " really doped up and groggy " but Evans told Hoernie to make sure he finished Living The Beatles ' Legend. Hoernie helped Evans up to an upstairs bedroom, but during an incoherent conversation, Evans picked up an air rifle. Hoernie struggled with	with	ADP	Evans	PROPN	 Evans
The opening theme is " Way Down in the Hole, " a gospel and blues inspired song, written by Tom Waits for his 1987 album Franks Wild Years. Each season uses a different recording and a different opening sequence, with the theme being performed by The	The	DET	Blind	ADJ	 Blind
In 1970 he revised an earlier book which was published as Dominant Mammal: the Biology of Human Destiny; it was followed by Endurance of Life, which was published in 1978. The books discuss aspects of human biology, a topic which Burnet wrote on extensively in	in	ADP	his	PRON	 his
The toxicity of certain Galerina species has been known for a century. In 1912, Charles Horton Peck reported a human poisoning case due to G. autumnalis. In 1954, a poisoning was caused by G. venenata. Between 1978 and 1995, ten cases caused by amatoxin	amatoxin	NOUN	containing	VERB	 containing
Compared to contemporary first person shooters, with 10 to 20 animated character models, Bloodlines had over 150 characters with 3,000 unique animations, in addition to boss characters, with their own styles of movement. The designers underestimated the length of time required to develop and improve	improve	VERB	these	DET	 these
Bradley retired in 1960 and was succeeded by Dr Noble Frankland. Frankland had served as a navigator in RAF Bomber Command, winning a Distinguished Flying Cross. While a Cabinet Office official historian he co authored a controversial official history of the RAF strategic air campaign against Germany	Germany	PROPN	.	PUNCT	.
His 32 baserunners caught stealing topped MLB, 47.9 caught stealing percentage ranked second, and three pickoffs tied for first in the NL and were second in MLB. From a historic perspective, Fangraphs ' Dave Cameron noted that Molina's combination of offensive productivity and interception of	of	ADP	base	NOUN	 base
For his work on Itchy & Scratchy, Grampa is nominated for an award for Outstanding Writing in a Cartoon Series. When Grampa sees Itchy & Scratchy for the first time in a clip show introducing the award, he is appalled at the violent humor, and turns	turns	VERB	his	PRON	 his
Metacritic calculated an average score of 58 / 100, based on 43 reviews. Observations modeled the film after Forrest Gump (1994). " Big Fish turns into a wide eyed Southern Gothic picaresque in which each lunatic twist of a development is more enchanting than the	the	DET	last	ADJ	 last
The two tier steel frame and wooden floor Bullens Road Stand, designed by Archibald Leitch, was completed in 1926. The upper tier was seated, with terracing below, a part of the ground called The Paddock. Few changes were made until 1963 when the rear	rear	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
That, to me, was the little hook – that little thing that, whenever you hear it, it takes you to the series. Four soundtracks for The Walking Dead have been released to date. The Walking Dead: AMC Original Soundtrack, Vol. 1	1	NUM	was	AUX	 was
On September 23, 1868, the Nanbu clan's troops joined in the attack on the Akita Domain, which had seceded from the alliance and sided with the imperial government. By October 7, Nanbu troops took Ōdate, one of the Akita domain's castles.	.	PUNCT	However	ADV	 However
In her 1993 autobiography, Cooke de Herrera wrote that Farrow had confided to her, before the arrival of the Beatles, that the Maharishi had made a pass during a private puja ceremony by stroking her hair. Cooke de Herrera wrote that she told Farrow that she	she	PRON	had	AUX	 had
They have also been used in pit fighting. However, both the AKC and the ASPCA call the breed " mild " and " gentle " and recommends it as being good with children. PetFinder says the breed is soft in temperament, companionable, demonstrative, loyal	loyal	ADJ	,	PUNCT	,
Wandering amongst the mountains of Switzerland, frustrated with her relationship with Shelley, and engrossed by the writing of Frankenstein, her sister was unsympathetic. The group returned from the Continent, with a pregnant Clairmont, and settled in Bath (to protect her reputation, they	they	PRON	attempted	VERB	 attempted
Producer Lawrence Gordon felt she was a perfect fit for the role. Jolie braided her hair and used minimal padding to increase her bust a cup size to 36D for the role. She felt that Croft's video game proportions were unrealistic, and wanted to avoid showing	showing	VERB	such	ADJ	 such
An ode in her memory, " So many true princesses who have gone ", composed by the then Master of the King's Musick Sir Edward Elgar to words by the Poet Laureate John Masefield, was sung at the unveiling and conducted by the composer. Alexandra	Alexandra	PROPN	was	AUX	 was
It absorbs moisture and swells on contact with water. After fertilization, the innermost portion liquifies to allow free movement of the developing embryo. In certain species, such as the Northern red legged frog (Rana aurora) and the wood frog (Rana sylvatica),	,	PUNCT	symbiotic	ADJ	 symbiotic
Ron puts almost no effort into his job, and lets his deputy director Leslie Knope (Amy Poehler) do the vast majority of the work. Ron particularly despises talking to members of the public, which is why he deliberately designed his office to be uninviting to	to	ADP	visitors	NOUN	 visitors
Blaine tried to sabotage the appointment by convincing Garfield to name an opponent of MacVeagh, William E. Chandler, as Solicitor General under MacVeagh. Only Chandler's rejection by the Senate forestalled MacVeagh's resignation over the matter. Distracted by cabinet maneuvering, Garfield's inaugural address	address	NOUN	was	AUX	 was
The Gardner Lucas family eventually had nine children. Gardner admired Lucas, who used his stepsons as lookouts while burglarizing homes. By his early teens, Gardner had been held in detention at a series of institutions, including an involuntary commitment at Utah State Hospital in Provo	Provo	PROPN	.	PUNCT	.
They were selected for their familiarity to young British YouTube viewers and to " act as Pied Pipers to the teen audience ". Miranda Chartrand and Adam Nichols, the vocalists who sang on the completed Chartjackers single, were cast halfway through the programme's series as part	part	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
Most late arrivals made little or wound up losing money. Similarly, many unlucky merchants set up in settlements which disappeared, or which succumbed to one of the calamitous fires that swept the towns that sprang up. By contrast, a businessman who went on to great	great	ADJ	success	NOUN	 success
She immediately begins abusing her family, retaliating to the many years of abuse she had endured under them, such as curb stomping Peter, raping him in the shower with a loofah, and using her mother's shirts as toilet paper (while also keeping a "	"	PUNCT	poop	NOUN	 poop
Clarkson began promoting " Already Gone " on television by debuting it on the Late Show with David Letterman on July 13, in a live performance in which she " belted out " the lyrics to the reworked arrangement. The same arrangement was used when she sang on	on	ADP	VH1	NOUN	 VH1
Operating with British and Indian forces on the right flank, they then launched an unsuccessful action at Jebel Mazar on 24 – 28 June, where they were tasked with capturing the high ground overlooking the main road, along which the Australians were advancing. The battalion came	came	VERB	under	ADP	 under
In the upper reaches of the balsam fir zone, winds and temperatures are extreme enough to force the trees into stunted, " bonsai like " shapes. Known as krummholz, from the German word for " crooked wood ", trees in this area are often bent	bent	ADJ	into	ADP	 into
The lobby floor contains the room registration and cashier desks, the Empire Room and Hilton Room, the private Marco Polo Club, the Wedding Salon, Kenneth's Salon, the Peacock Alley lounge and restaurant, and Sir Harry's Bar. From 1992 to 2013,	,	PUNCT	Kenneth	PROPN	 Kenneth
Spanish losses in the engagement amounted to 18 killed and 30 wounded, the British losing one man killed and one wounded on Irresistible. Ninfa was subsequently purchased by the Royal Navy and commissioned as the 36 gun frigate HMS Hamadryad. In his dispatch to the Admiralty regarding	regarding	VERB	the	DET	 the
Baird's resignation from parliament took effect on March 16, 2015. Since leaving politics, Baird has accepted several private sector appointments. In June 2015 he was hired as a strategic adviser to Hatch Ltd, an international engineering and consulting firm for companies in the resource	resource	NOUN	industry	NOUN	 industry
The dragon is holding a norbu, or jewel, in each of its claws. The background colours of the flag, yellow and orange, are identified as Pantone 116 and 165 respectively. Equivalents of these shades and the white of the Druk are specified by various	various	ADJ	other	ADJ	 other
The magnetic fields in a white dwarf may allow for the existence of a new type of chemical bond, perpendicular paramagnetic bonding, in addition to ionic and covalent bonds, resulting in what has been initially described as " magnetized matter " in research published in 2012.	.	PUNCT	Early	ADJ	 Early
In 1903, the GNP & BR sought permission for a branch from Piccadilly Circus to run under Leicester Square, Strand, and Fleet Street and into the City of London. The branch would have passed and interchanged with the already approved Strand station, allowing travel on	on	ADP	the	DET	 the
S by Shakira though has managed to make another fan ". Kim West from Beauty World News felt the perfume was truly reflective of Shakira's nature, saying " Full of energy, sensuality, and good vibrations, S by Shakira bottles the singer's essence and	and	CCONJ	what	PRON	 what
Staff reviewers at RPGFan and RPGamer agreeably noted the game's battle system to be its highlight; both websites mention that discovering combinations attacks to be " fun " and " exciting ". Saga Frontier sold over 1.05 million copies in Japan by the end of 1997,	,	PUNCT	which	PRON	 which
Their version is actually a two part song – the first has a slower, groove oriented arrangement, while the second uses that of the Yardbirds. Aerosmith turned it into a hard rock standard and a staple of classic rock radio; it remains one of their most	most	ADV	popular	ADJ	 popular
During his time in Congress, Gore was considered a " moderate " (he once referred to himself as a " raging moderate ") opposing federal funding of abortion, voting in favor of a bill which supported a moment in silence in schools, and voting against	against	ADP	a	DET	 a
He entered the T44 classification men's 100 metres, 200 metres and 400 metres races, and the T42 – T46 4 × 100 metres relay. In the 200 metre competition, Pistorius established a new T43 world record of 21.30 seconds in his heat on 1 September	September	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
It marshalled the power of immigrants and their descendants in both cities. The city's skyline changed in the 1940s and 1950s with the construction of office towers around the Empire State Plaza and at the uptown campus of SUNY Albany, mainly under the direction of Governor Nelson	Nelson	PROPN	Rockefeller	PROPN	 Rockefeller
Carbon is the fourth most abundant chemical element in the universe by mass after hydrogen, helium, and oxygen. Carbon is abundant in the Sun, stars, comets, and in the atmospheres of most planets. Some meteorites contain microscopic diamonds that were formed when the	the	DET	solar	ADJ	 solar
Intense cultivation of a number of species, particularly from Brazil, Bolivia and Peru, has occurred because of the beauty and size of the flowers, resulting in many hybrids and cultivars. Hippeastrum breeding began in 1799 when Arthur Johnson, a watchmaker in Prescot, England	England	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
In October 2004, Scooby Doo briefly overtook The Simpsons as the American animated show with the highest number of episodes. However, network executives in April 2005 again cancelled Scooby Doo, which finished with 371 episodes, and The Simpsons reclaimed the title with 378 episodes at	at	ADP	the	DET	 the
The three teams faced off on August 23 at SummerSlam in a three team elimination match, in which Team Bella first eliminated Team B.A.D., before Team PCB's win. On the September 14 episode of Raw, Nikki defended her title against Charlotte, who pinned Brie	Brie	PROPN	after	SCONJ	 after
The unit relocated to Juvincourt, France, on 16 July 1943. Frank was awarded the Honor Goblet of the Luftwaffe (Ehrenpokal der Luftwaffe) on 9 August 1943. Now flying Ju 88 C 6 " D5 + EK ", again from Wittmundhafen, he claimed	claimed	VERB	three	NUM	 three
This section of NY 3 was also part of the Theodore Roosevelt International Highway, an international auto trail. By 1930, NY 3 was realigned through Rochester to exit the city on North Winton Road. It rejoined its previous alignment at the junction of North Winton Road	Road	PROPN	and	CCONJ	 and
A daughter named Catherine was born in 1453. Queen Catherine may have also been the mother of a third son of King Thomas, who was buried on Mljet. Mavro Orbini, a 16th century Ragusan chronicler, believed that the boy was born to Vojača. If	If	SCONJ	Catherine	PROPN	 Catherine
The projected annual profit from the rentals was 7,200 rubles. A cowshed was located on the premises due to Gorodetsky's insistence on fresh in house milk, though it was specifically placed in a way that the smell of the cows would not disturb the tenants. On	On	ADP	a	DET	 a
The event was covered by cannabis publications, local and national news outlets, and the HBO television series Vice. The " Burnside Burn " was organized by Portland NORML, the local chapter of the National Organization for the Reform of Marijuana Laws, in celebration of the	the	DET	legalization	NOUN	 legalization
One early mention of West Arrow in contemporary news accounts is found in The Washington Post, which reported in February 1921 that the cargo ship had delivered 742 " milch cows " to Bremen as a gift from American farmers from Texas and Kansas. The New York Times	Times	PROPN	reported	VERB	 reported
Taylor made her national team debut in 2010 at the World Championships in Britain. It was the first time the national team had played in three years. The team finished sixth at the 2011 IBSA Goalball World Cup, where she scored her first international goal in a	a	DET	game	NOUN	 game
The demonstrators — anti war protestors and Irish republicans opposed to the peace process — called queuing customers " traitors " and " West Brits ". Four people were arrested during the incident. Several days after the launch of the book, Blair appeared on the series premiere	premiere	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
Torres ' relationship with Robbins is subsequently mended, and the couple endeavors to raise their new daughter, Sofia Robbin Sloan Torres, with the help of Dr. Sloan. Shepherd and Meredith also become new parents, with their adoption of Zola, a baby girl from Malawi	Malawi	PROPN	.	PUNCT	.
The lyrics explore more mature, world weary themes such as growing old and disillusionment with American foreign policy. The album eschews the theme of privileged youth from their first two albums in favor of characters with adult responsibilities and reflections on the passage of time. Faith and	and	CCONJ	mortality	NOUN	 mortality
A player who commits three major penalties (including fighting) during a game is automatically ejected, suspended, and fined. A player ejected for three major penalties in a game, or for use of weapons, can not be replaced for five minutes. In 2003	2003	NUM	,	PUNCT	,
The title of the novel comes from the Bible verse 1 Corinthians 13. Before she began writing it, Koen envisioned creating a story about the relationship between a young woman and an older man, a plot element riddled with emotional tension that required much planning and foresight	foresight	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
Stewie becomes enamored with her, which she takes as refreshing at first, but eventually, she becomes exhausted and frustrated at his increased dependency and even has a nightmare of murdering him. Taking Brian's advice, she starts ignoring his demands for attention (faking he	he	PRON	got	VERB	 got
The group was in Malaysia to meet with Hambali, the leader of Jemaah Islamiyah, an Asian al Qaeda affiliate. During the Kuala Lumpur al Qaeda Summit, many key details of the 9 / 11 attacks may have been arranged. At the time, the attacks	attacks	NOUN	plot	NOUN	 plot
After the conquest he relocated from the north shore of Lake Petén Itzá to Mompana, a region lying between Lake Yaxha and the Classic period ruins of Tikal. For some years after the conquest he established the Mompana region as a refuge from the Spanish and engaged in	in	ADP	internecine	ADJ	 internecine
This involved digitally transposing the facial features of an elderly actress onto the face of actress Hayley Atwell who had performed her lines with no make up and only a few tracking markers. The Helicarriers in the film were completely digital. Earl said, " In [The	The	DET	Avengers	PROPN	 Avengers
So when an IMAX film was made from footage shot of the wreck itself, he decided to seek Hollywood funding to " pay for an expedition and do the same thing. " It was " not because I particularly wanted to make the movie, " Cameron said	said	VERB	.	PUNCT	.
He had received his final salary payment from the Hampton church in the late summer, but was preaching in Alford, Lincolnshire by 12 December when a salary augmentation of £60 was to be granted " to John Wheelwright, minister of Alford, co. Lincoln, who	who	PRON	has	VERB	 has
Racist local laws, discriminatory social codes, segregated commercial facilities, racial profiling by police, and sundown towns made road journeys a minefield of constant uncertainty and risk. Road trip narratives by blacks reflected their unease and the dangers they faced, presenting a more complex outlook	outlook	NOUN	from	ADP	 from
" Chomsky argues that the Republican neoconservative administration of President George W. Bush, elected to the presidency in 2001, differed from earlier administrations in one key respect: it was open about adhering to the Imperial Grand Strategy, outright declaring that it would be willing to use	use	VERB	force	NOUN	 force
Back in the top division, Wallwork was still unable to force his way back into Albion manager Gary Megson's matchday squad. However, when Bryan Robson – who had been Wallwork's manager at Bradford – replaced Megson in November 2004, Wallwork became an integral part	part	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
As a result, the text was sent back to the Congress. On 30 June 2005 it was approved by Congress, which, in accordance with the constitutional provisions, overrode the Senate veto. This was achieved with 187 " yes " votes (including a member	member	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
It had the support of left leaning parties and MPs who opposed the BJP. The UPA returned to power in the 2009 general election with increased numbers, and it no longer required external support from India's communist parties. That year, Manmohan Singh became the first	first	ADJ	prime	ADJ	 prime
McNary defeated Stanfield 52,546 to 30,999. In the November general election, he defeated a friend and former governor, Oswald West, 82,360 to 64,303, to win a full, six year term in the Senate. Meanwhile, Frederick W. Mulkey won the election to replace	replace	VERB	McNary	PROPN	 McNary
Super Smash Bros. for Nintendo 3DS was released in Japan on September 13, 2014, in North America and Europe on October 3, 2014, and in Australia on October 4, 2014. A playable demo was released on the Nintendo eShop on September 10, 2014	2014	NUM	,	PUNCT	,
34 members were elected to the 6th Politburo, an increase from 15 in the 5th Politburo. Of these 34, 19 were full members and 15 candidate members. Five members were elected to the Presidium, and Kim Jong il was ranked fourth in the hierarchy of	of	ADP	the	DET	 the
He also tried his hand at production, with three 15 minute travelogues: Terry Thomas in Tuscany, Terry Thomas in the South of France and Terry Thomas in Northern Ireland. He did not enjoy the producer's role, complaining that " for some extraordinary reason that	that	PRON	I	PRON	 I
Cambridge were coached by J. Beresford Jr, J. R. F. Best, F. E. Hellyer (who had rowed for the Light Blues in the 1910 and 1911 races) and Kenneth Payne (who rowed for Cambridge in the 1932 and 1934 races, and had coached Oxford	Oxford	PROPN	in	ADP	 in
The ACLU's base in New York resulted in its being dominated by people from the city and state. Most ACLU funding came from philanthropies, such as the Garland Fund. In the 1920s, government censorship was commonplace. Magazines were routinely confiscated under the anti obscenity	obscenity	NOUN	Comstock	PROPN	 Comstock
" He served in the Continental Congress until September 1776 when failing health forced him to resign. A strong backer of the College of the English Colony of Rhode Island and Providence Plantations (later named Brown University), Hopkins was one of the school's most ardent	ardent	ADJ	supporters	NOUN	 supporters
Emanuel Levy wrote Ledger " throws himself completely " into the role, and that the film represents Nolan's " most accomplished and mature " work, and the most technically impressive and resonant of all the Batman films. Levy calls the action sequences some of the most	most	ADV	impressive	ADJ	 impressive
The album was originally titled Views from the 6, but would later be shortened to Views. " Summer Sixteen " debuted at number six on the U.S. Billboard Hot 100, and proved controversial, with Drake comparing his standing in hip hop to more tenured artists.	.	PUNCT	This	DET	 This
Cultural references in the episode include Pixar Animation Studios, Toy Story, Wallace and Gromit, Kung Fu Panda, Ms. Pac Man, SpongeBob SquarePants and the 68th Golden Globe Award ceremony. The episode was viewed in an estimated 6.35 million households, with a 2.8 Nielsen	Nielsen	PROPN	rating	NOUN	 rating
The irony laden black comedy's protagonist Jacob Horner suffers from a nihilistic paralysis he calls " cosmopsis " — an inability to choose a course of action from all possibilities. As part of a schedule of unorthodox therapies, Horner's nameless Doctor has him take a teaching	teaching	NOUN	job	NOUN	 job
When Randy learns that South Park's KFC outlet is now a medical marijuana dispensary, he attempts to give himself cancer so he can get a doctor's referral for marijuana (after first gaining a clean bill of health from his doctor since he had assumed permits are	are	AUX	given	VERB	 given
But they still saw a difference between those people and U.S.-born individuals of Chinese ancestry, because of strong cultural traditions discouraging Chinese immigrants from assimilating into mainstream American society, Chinese laws of the time which made renouncing allegiance to the Chinese emperor a capital crime, and the	the	DET	provisions	NOUN	 provisions
The Colony of Singapore became a self governing state in 1959, and left the British Empire to join the Federation of Malaysia in 1963. Two years later, in 1965, Singapore became a fully independent republic. In 1959, in an official publication regarding meteorological information	information	NOUN	collected	VERB	 collected
Written by Paul Lieberstein, who also acts in the show as Toby Flenderson, and directed by Greg Daniels, the episode first aired in the United States on November 8, 2005 on NBC. The series depicts the everyday lives of office employees in the Scranton,	,	PUNCT	Pennsylvania	PROPN	 Pennsylvania
Tracking the regional sales of Japanese Tower Records stores, CDJournal noted a significant number of copies sold in Sapporo. In its first week, Go to the Future was the second most sold album, only behind Mr. Children's B Side; selling 200 copies at Sapporo	Sapporo	PROPN	's	PART	's
The motorway consists of two traffic lanes and an emergency lane in each driving direction separated by a central reservation. All intersections of the A5 motorway are grade separated. There are four exits and four rest areas operating along the route. The motorway is tolled using a	a	DET	ticket	NOUN	 ticket
As such, Jabbawockeez would have much more impact as a featured act in a variety show than it has on its own. " The members that stayed in Las Vegas temporarily moved into an 800 seat tent outside the Monte Carlo to continue their show. VegasChatter.com reviewed	reviewed	VERB	the	DET	 the
In July 2010, this location was chosen by the council executive as their preferred option. Developers Oakgate (Monks Cross) Ltd submitted a planning application for a community stadium, for use by York City and York City Knights, and a retail park in September 2011	2011	NUM	.	PUNCT	.
Punctuated with profanity learned from GIs, she complained endlessly to Michener about the French colonial government, which refused to allow her and other Tonkinese to return to their native Vietnam, lest the plantations be depopulated. She told him also of her plans to oppose colonialism in	in	ADP	French	PROPN	 French
In 2015, the game placed 2nd on USgamer's " The 15 Best Games Since 2000 " list. Like Metal Gear Solid 2: Sons of Liberty before it, Snake Eater was first released in North America; the Japanese release was held back for almost a	a	PRON	month	NOUN	 month
Reviewing for Billboard, Christa Titus criticized the DVD writing it " randomly [strings] footage from concerts and the usual backstage antics with images of pigeons and overflowing toilets, then tossing in whatever visual effects struck M. Shawn Crahan's fancy while he edited it. "	"	PUNCT	She	PRON	 She
In recognition of their theoretical work, Lee and Yang were awarded the Nobel Prize for Physics in 1957. In 1963, Wu investigated and confirmed the Conserved Vector Current hypothesis of Richard Feynman and Murray Gell Mann. Another milestone on the road to the Standard Model,	,	PUNCT	it	PRON	 it
All the endemic Caribbean macaws were likely driven to extinction by humans in historic and prehistoric times. The identity and distribution of indigenous macaws in the Caribbean is only likely to be further resolved through paleontological discoveries and examination of contemporary reports and artwork. The Lesser Antillean macaw	macaw	NOUN	was	AUX	 was
Rainier's closest neighbor, Mount St. Helen's had a huge chunk of the side of the mountain blow up in a phreatic explosion caused by a mix of gas and water; where St. Helens was once perfectly symmetrical there is now, thirty five years later,	,	PUNCT	a	DET	 a
An article published in the Winchester Star in 1967 said of McDonald, " fearsome or not, he founded in the Shenandoah Valley a dynasty of military men as distinguished as their forebears had been in the Scottish Highlands. " In its documentation of Dunmore's War,	,	PUNCT	the	DET	 the
The film grossed over $27 million domestically and $27.9 million internationally, the box office revenue returned over $55 million against a budget of $5 million in 182 days of a theatrical run. It grossed over $4.5 million from DVD, and over $	$	SYM	3	NUM	3
The copper statue, designed by Frédéric Auguste Bartholdi, a French sculptor, was built by Gustave Eiffel and dedicated on October 28, 1886. It was a gift to the United States from the people of France. The statue is of a robed female figure representing	representing	VERB	Libertas	PROPN	 Libertas
Spector felt that the best aspects of Deus Ex's development were the " high level vision " and length of preproduction, flexibility within the project, testable " proto missions ", and Unreal Engine license. The team's pitfalls included the management structure, unrealistic goals	goals	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
The Wikimedia Foundation reported nearly a million visitors to Jackson's biography within one hour, probably the most visitors in a one hour period to any article in Wikipedia's history. AOL Instant Messenger collapsed for 40 minutes. AOL called it a " seminal moment in internet	internet	NOUN	history	NOUN	 history
The earliest known indricothere is the dog sized Forstercooperia from the middle and late Eocene of western North America and Asia. The cow sized Juxia is known from the middle Eocene; by the late Eocene the genus Urtinotherium of Asia had almost reached the size of Paraceratherium.	.	PUNCT	Paraceratherium	NOUN	 Paraceratherium
Cockburn further suggested that Hopley should have realised Cancellor's cognitive deficiencies and taken these into account in his treatment of the boy. Hopley was sentenced to four years of penal servitude at Millbank Prison. After being indicted, he wrote: " while anguish shook the frame	frame	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
During the 1940s, a new alignment for US 130 was built through South Brunswick Township. After the Delaware Memorial Bridge opened in 1951, the south end of US 130 was moved to its current location. Shortly before the 1953 New Jersey state highway renumbering, US	US	PROPN	130	NUM	 130
He batted.250 with six hits and three RBI in the series as the Giants defeated the Phillies in six games. In Game 1 of the World Series against the Texas Rangers, on October 27, he had three hits and an RBI in an 11 – 7 Giants	Giants	PROPN	'	PART	 '
The Black Death had meanwhile reached Hungary. The first wave of the epidemic ended in June, but it returned in September, killing Louis's first wife, Margaret. Louis also fell ill, but survived the plague. Although the Black Death was less devastating in	in	ADP	the	DET	 the
The bank made generous loans and liberally issued paper money. Although bank notes issued by the Bank of the Commonwealth quickly fell well below par, creditors who refused to accept these devalued notes had to wait two years before seeking replevin. To inspire confidence in the devalued	devalued	VERB	notes	NOUN	 notes
Sawra and the Samarkand garrison were initially reluctant as they were aware that this was effectively a suicide mission, but Junayd's threats forced Sawra to comply. Leaving behind a small garrison, Sawra led 12,000 men out of Samarkand and with the help of a local guide	guide	NOUN	managed	VERB	 managed
The following month she was assigned to the First South Seas Squadron, based at Fiji and later at the Marquesas Islands. On 1 September 1915, Iwate was assigned to the Training Squadron where she conducted long distance oceanic navigation and officer training for cadets in the Imperial	Imperial	PROPN	Japanese	PROPN	 Japanese
We used only Marines, no actors or actresses. We used all of the Marine's equipment and they were so lovely to us, I always have fun even though it's a lot of work. Even though I was sore and exhausted, I was so	so	ADV	educated	VERB	 educated
This had led to horses, startled by a passing locomotive and coming off their dandy cart, being run down by the following train. On one occasion a driver fell asleep in the dandy cart of the preceding train and his horse, no longer being led,	,	PUNCT	came	VERB	 came
Tatanka focused on wearing Luger down with a wristlock and an armbar. After Luger performed a vertical suplex, Tatanka recovered and powerslammed Luger. Eventually, DiBiase came to ringside with a bag of money. As Luger yelled at DiBiase, Tatanka performed a schoolboy roll up	up	ADP	for	ADP	 for
The vastly ambitious Estrella project would remain deserted and was sold in 1993 to an investment group. By November 1989, the estimated cost of the overall savings and loan crisis had reached $500 billion, and the media's coverage often highlighted Keating's role as part	part	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
The break up of the estate continued after Henry's death on 27 October 1947 when it was inherited by his fourth son Roland, who became the third Lord Ashcombe. Roland was born on 26 January 1899 and initially followed a career in the army. He married	married	VERB	Sonia	PROPN	 Sonia
Despite facing legal discrimination that denied them suffrage and threatened violence, black pioneers remained in Oregon. While the USS Shark was in the region in 1846, its commanding officer estimated there were around 30 black settlers. In 1844, the legislature passed a law banning the	the	DET	sale	NOUN	 sale
He later commits suicide by jumping into the chasm where he tried to kill Tris. The final stage of Dauntless initiation gathers all their fears in a single simulation landscape. All the initiates, including the Divergents, are aware they are under a simulation and must use	use	VERB	the	DET	 the
Tom secretly confesses to the documentary crew that he forgot to plant the eggs. Leslie plans for an upcoming town hall meeting about her proposal to turn a construction pit into a park. She invites her mother Marlene Griggs Knope (Pamela Reed), an official with	with	ADP	the	DET	 the
" Watchmen was first mentioned publicly in the 1985 Amazing Heroes Preview. When Moore and Gibbons turned in the first issue of their series to DC, Gibbons recalled, " What really clinched it... was [writer / artist] Howard Chaykin, who doesn't give	give	VERB	praise	NOUN	 praise
It had a record of two victories, scoring 11 goals and conceding 5. Teodoro Fernández scored Peru's first goal in the tournament in the match against Finland on 6 August, and finished as the team's top scorer with six goals in two games, including	including	VERB	Peru	PROPN	 Peru
He stayed at the club for three more seasons, but later lost his place in the side to the young Jimmy Greaves: " There was no disgrace in losing my place to him. I couldn't grumble about that. We used to get on very well	well	ADV	,	PUNCT	,
Meanwhile, Gabe Lewis (Zach Woods) attempts to court the new warehouse worker, Val. " Doomsday " received mixed reviews from critics, with some reviews critiquing the episode's resolution. According to Nielsen Media Research, the episode was viewed by 6.15 million viewers	viewers	NOUN	and	CCONJ	 and
At that session, Henry Clay was chosen to fill the seat. In 1832, the Democrats selected Breathitt and Benjamin Taylor as their candidates for governor and lieutenant governor, respectively. They faced a Whig (formerly National Republican) ticket of Richard Aylett Buckner and James	James	PROPN	Turner	PROPN	 Turner
Despite financial troubles, there were further successes, particularly with the third Ace Science Fiction Specials series, for which Carr was the editor. Further mergers and acquisitions resulted in the company becoming a part of Berkley Books. Ace then became an imprint of Penguin Group (	(	PUNCT	USA	PROPN	USA
Beginning in 2007, the F 15s began moving to Barnes Municipal Airport. With the grounding of the F 15 Eagles, the 158th Fighter Wing, which is based in Vermont took over the role of patrolling the Northeast's skies earlier than expected. This interruption of	of	ADP	the	DET	 the
The loss of the Pecheneg commander turned the battle into a complete rout, and panic spread to the Bulgarian contingent following behind the Pechenegs, which also suffered heavy casualties in the general chaos. The Byzantine casualties in the battle were low (Skylitzes speaks of 25 dead	dead	ADJ	and	CCONJ	 and
Guest star Seth Green stated that despite being cast as " stoner kid " Emil, and having " cornered the market on the affable stoner in TV and film ", he had never used cannabis before. Green related that his first day on the set came just	just	ADV	after	SCONJ	 after
The same name was used earlier, by the American physicist and psychologist Leonard T. Troland, who coined the word in 1916, in 1921 by the Irish physicist John Joly, in 1924 by the French physiologist René Wurmser (1890 1993) and in 1926 by the	the	DET	French	ADJ	 French
Lang avoided continuation of the Prayer Book controversy of 1928 by allowing the parliamentary process to lapse. He then authorised a statement permitting use of the rejected Book locally if the parochial church council gave approval. The issue remained dormant for the rest of Lang's tenure at	at	ADP	Canterbury	PROPN	 Canterbury
State Highway 3 (SH 3) enters the circle from the north and leaves from the east, following US 412, while SH 325 begins at the circle and heads west toward Kenton. East of town, US 56 / US 64 / US 412 / SH	SH	NOUN	3	NUM	 3
During Roosevelt's election campaign in 1904, he urged that Philippine agricultural products be admitted to the U.S. without duty. This caused growers of U.S. sugar and tobacco to complain to Roosevelt, who remonstrated with his Secretary of War. Taft expressed unwillingness to change his position	position	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
She also took the lead role, alongside Colin Firth and Angela Lansbury, in what was a highly personal project. The film was a success, taking number one at the UK box office and earning $122 million worldwide. Commenting on Thompson's screenplay, film	film	NOUN	critic	NOUN	 critic
Raja Halwani writes that Homer's " love of life " is an admirable character trait, " for many people are tempted to see in Homer nothing but buffoonery and immorality. [...] He is not politically correct, he is more than happy to judge others	others	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
His self titled album, David Archuleta, was released in November 2008. His first single, " Crush ", was released in August 2008 on Z100, a New York radio station. On August 12 " Crush " became available on iTunes. It debuted at	at	ADP	number	NOUN	 number
Children were asked to stand naked in front of Reich and a group of 30 therapists in his basement, while Reich described the children's " blockages. " Reich's daughter, Lore Reich Rubin, told Turner that she believed her father was an abuser, although	although	SCONJ	she	PRON	 she
By 1973, Christmas reported, only 93 women had sat in parliament; their contributions had overall " not been stunning ". Their best numerical representation at that point had been in the 1966 general election, when 29 women (out of 630 MPs) had been	been	AUX	elected	VERB	 elected
Designed in Edwardian Baroque style, the Port of Liverpool Building's structural form has been likened to those of Renaissance palaces. Approximately 264 by 216 feet (80 by 66 m) in size, the building rises to 220 feet (67 m) in height,	,	PUNCT	making	VERB	 making
Use of this inactivated poliovirus vaccine and subsequent widespread use of the oral poliovirus vaccine developed by Albert Sabin led to establishment of the Global Polio Eradication Initiative (GPEI) in 1988. Since then, GPEI has reduced polio worldwide by 99%. The term derives from	from	ADP	the	DET	 the
An efficient organiser, Conroy's planning ensured the Duke and Duchess ' speedy return to England in time for the birth of their first child. The child was Princess Alexandrina Victoria of Kent, later Queen Victoria. While Kent had promised Conroy military advancement, he was	was	AUX	still	ADV	 still
They free Bullseye, only for Jessie to end up on the plane bound for Japan. Assisted by Buzz and Bullseye, Woody frees Jessie and the toys find their way home. When Andy returns from camp, he accepts Jessie, Bullseye, and the Aliens as	as	ADP	his	PRON	 his
Due to their career and family obligations, supernumeraries are not as available to the organisation as the other types of faithful, but they typically contribute financially to Opus Dei, and they lend other types of assistance as their circumstances permit. Numeraries, the second largest type	type	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
Consequently, a 6 hectare (15 acre) Conservation Area was created in the town centre in 1975 to preserve Poole's most notable buildings. On 1 April 1997, the town was made a unitary authority following a review by the Local Government Commission for England,	,	PUNCT	and	CCONJ	 and
After the holiday season, however, interest in the 32X rapidly declined. 500,000 Saturn units were sold in Japan by the end of 1995 (compared to 300,000 PlayStation units), and sales exceeded 1 million within the following six months. There were conflicting reports that	that	SCONJ	the	DET	 the
MDOT proposed that US 127 be extended north over the former US 27 to Grayling. AASHTO approved this change on April 16, 1999, nearly tripling the highway from 83 miles (134 km) to 214 miles (344 km). The highway markers were changed	changed	VERB	over	ADP	 over
Jacob and his family migrated to Ancient Egypt after being invited to live with Jacob's son Joseph by the Pharaoh himself. The patriarchs ' descendants were later enslaved until the Exodus led by Moses, traditionally dated to the 13th century BCE, after which the Israelites conquered	conquered	VERB	Canaan	PROPN	 Canaan
The East Asian countries of Japan and Korea also adopted Zhu Xi's teaching, known as the Shushigaku (朱子學, School of Zhu Xi) of Japan, and in Korea the Jujahak (주자학). Buddhism's continuing influence can be seen in painted artwork such	such	ADJ	as	ADP	 as
Baker Mountain, a forested, narrow anticlinal mountain ridge, rises west of the church, and the western rolling foothills of the anticlinal Great North Mountain rise east of the valley. The Cacapon River, just southeast of the church, is hidden from the church and	and	CCONJ	cemetery	NOUN	 cemetery
Other popular songs have been featured (with blessings by the singers), such as " I Will Remember You " or " Bitch ". The 30 Rock Original Television Soundtrack was released by the Relativity Music Group on November 16, 2010. On April 2,	,	PUNCT	2008	NUM	 2008
In 1957 she instituted late night concerts devoted to early music, and in 1962 she organised a series of evening concerts of Flemish music, in which she had more recently become interested. She also devised frequent programmes devoted to church music, for performance at Aldeburgh parish	parish	NOUN	church	NOUN	 church
After Hazlitt's account, according to Bromwich, it became less easy to find a simple resolution to the problems in the play or to withhold entirely our sympathy for Shylock, particularly in view of a passage like the following: Shylock is a good hater; "	"	PUNCT	a	DET	 a
These small structures are usually small battlements with cannon placements and watchtower. The forts were also given rhyming names. North wall Inthorn Rangsan (ป ้ อมอินทรรังสรรค ์; rtgs: In Rangsan) Khan Kuenphet (ป ้ อมขันธ ์ เขื ่ อนเพชร; rtgs: Khan	Khan	PROPN	Khuean	PROPN	 Khuean
As a pupil Garrow studied hard, fastidiously reading Sampson Euer's Doctrina Placitandi, a manual on the Law of Pleading written in legal French. At the same time he viewed cases at the Old Bailey, forming a friendship with the clerk of arraignment there, William	William	PROPN	Shelton	PROPN	 Shelton
The ideology was developed to make the party progressive and attract voters from across the political spectrum. New Labour offered a middle way between the neo liberal free market economics of the New Right, which it saw as economically efficient, and the ethical reformism of post 1945	1945	NUM	Labour	PROPN	 Labour
Prior to the 2009 MLL season, after eight seasons, the league conformed to traditional field lacrosse rules and allowed a fourth long crosse. The MLL has been bolstered by a ten year television contract with ESPN in 2007. The Federation of International Lacrosse (FIL)	)	PUNCT	is	AUX	 is
Its original cast album was the bestselling record of the 1940s, and other recordings of the show have also been popular. The show has enjoyed many successful revivals and tours, spawning a 1958 film and television adaptations. The 2008 Broadway revival, a critical success,	,	PUNCT	ran	VERB	 ran
Both Lennon and McCartney are known to have experimented with the drug. While walking home, Mr. Mackey drunkenly sings the 1983 Pat Benatar song " Love Is a Battlefield ". During Ike's supposed funeral, a bagpipe player starts playing the Hebrew folk song " Hava	Hava	PROPN	Nagila	PROPN	 Nagila
The episode was written by Scott Buck and directed by Marcos Siega. In the episode, assistant district attorney Miguel Prado (Jimmy Smits) asks Dexter Morgan (Michael C. Hall) for his assistance in killing a murderous gambler. Meanwhile, Dexter's sister Ofr.	.	PUNCT	Debra	PROPN	 Debra
Having a firm hold over Matabeleland, Mashonaland and Barotseland by 1894, the Company began officially calling its domain " Rhodesia " in 1895. The BSAC sought to further expand its influence north of the Zambezi, and to that end regularly sent expeditions into what was dubbed	dubbed	VERB	North	PROPN	 North
A 4 inch pipeline was run through to Nadzab. After the capture of Lae, the Japanese high command determined that a withdrawal to a new line of defence was required. A total of about 9,000 Japanese troops subsequently began withdrawing across the Busu River and then through	through	ADP	the	DET	 the
As Meredith records, the 100,000 or so who remained " retreated into their own world of clubs, sporting activities, and comfortable living ". Mugabe made great efforts when he first took power to endear himself to the white farming community, which accounted for at least	least	ADV	75	NUM	 75
He enjoyed the tag team match and the bout between Jannetty and Michaels. He also found the WWF Championship match surprisingly good. He did not, however, feel that the match between Big Boss Man and Bam Bam Bigelow was interesting. He also disliked the Royal	Royal	PROPN	Rumble	PROPN	 Rumble
An assault on Buda was driven off by John Zápolya, although Ferdinand was successful elsewhere — capturing Gran (Esztergom) and other forts along the Danube river, a vital strategic frontier. Suleiman's response came in 1532 when he led a massive army of over 120,000	120,000	NUM	troops	NOUN	 troops
After the Games, she underwent two shoulder reconstructions and made a successful return to swimming at the 2015 IPC Swimming World Championships winning five medals including three gold medals. She has been selected to represent Australia at the 2016 Rio de Janeiro Paralympics. Ellie Victoria Cole was	was	AUX	born	VERB	 born
And I doubt that even if they knew what the risk was, that an Internal Review Board in any academic institution would consent to that kind of experimental work. The hepatitis research was instrumental in determining a virus is responsible for the disease and that it is transmitted	transmitted	VERB	through	ADP	 through
The Admiralty was not pleased with either design and asked for a revised version of ' A ' of the same draught, beam, armour and armament, but shortened and with the same speed as Queen Elizabeth. In addition the new five inch gun was rejected in	in	ADP	favour	NOUN	 favour
Changkat area of Bukit Bintang hosts various cafes, alfresco dining outlets and illegal activities. Bangsar district also has a few shopping complexes, including Bangsar Village, Bangsar Shopping Centre, and Mid Valley Megamall. The Damansara subdivision north west of Kuala Lumpur, though not in	in	ADP	the	DET	 the
A second corridor in the suite has Gothic influenced cross over vaulting. The Belgian Rooms themselves were decorated in their present style and named after Prince Albert's uncle Léopold I, first King of the Belgians. In 1936, the suite briefly became the private apartments of	of	ADP	the	DET	 the
When he reached Armero at dawn on the 16th, a farmer directed him to Sánchez, who by then had been trapped for nearly three days and was near deserted. Fournier later described the town as " very haunting, " with " eerie silence " punctuated by	by	ADP	screaming	VERB	 screaming
The ship was protected by an armored deck that was 80 mm (3.1 in) thick amidships. The conning tower sides were 100 mm (3.9 in) thick. Königsberg was ordered under the contract name " Ersatz Meteor " and was laid down at the Imperial	Imperial	PROPN	Dockyard	PROPN	 Dockyard
Hypokalemia leads to hyperpolarization of muscle cells, making the neuromuscular junction less responsive to normal nerve impulses and leading to decreased contractility of the muscles. It is not clear how the described genetic defects increase the Na + / K + -ATPase activity, but it is suspected	suspected	VERB	that	SCONJ	 that
Fort al Jalali and the twin Fort al Mirani were both completed between 1586 and 1588. The Portuguese faced growing competition in the region from English and Dutch traders. In 1622 a joint Persian English force took Hormuz. After this the Portuguese built forts in other ports	ports	NOUN	on	ADP	 on
Written by Lee Eisenberg and Gene Stupnitsky and directed by Tucker Gates, the episode first aired in the United States on May 8, 2008 on NBC. The episode featured Trevor Einhorn as a guest star. In the episode, Michael and a few employees go to	to	ADP	a	DET	 a
In March 1950, $3 million (1950 USD) was earmarked out of a $104.5 million budget for the start of construction on the parkway. The contract for paving 4.76 miles (7.66 km) of the Sagtikos Parkway was awarded by the New York State	State	PROPN	Department	PROPN	 Department
On the other hand, the sparse fossil record and some estimates based on other nuclear genes support a more recent estimate of 40 to 52 mya. Furthermore, a fossil strepsirrhine primate from Africa, Plesiopithecus, may suggest that the aye aye and the rest of the	the	DET	lemurs	NOUN	 lemurs
Since responsibility for the Quantock AONB is shared between the County Council and three District Councils The Quantock Hills Joint Advisory Committee was set up in 1973 and is responsible for drawing up management plans for the Quantocks. The charity Friends of Quantock is both a Quantock landowner and	and	CCONJ	a	DET	 a
His army laid siege to Dyrrhachium, but his fleet was defeated by the Venetians. On October 18, the Normans engaged a Byzantine army under Alexios I Komnenos outside Dyrrhachium. The battle began with the Byzantine right wing routing the Norman left wing, which broke and	and	CCONJ	fled	VERB	 fled
Mormons also have a strict law of chastity, requiring abstention from sexual relations outside of heterosexual marriage and fidelity within marriage. Mormons self identify as Christian, although some non Mormons dispute this and some of their beliefs differ from mainstream Christianity. Mormons believe in the Bible	Bible	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
This is mostly due to the unique geography of the continent. North America is a large continent that extends from the tropics north into arctic areas, and has no major east west mountain range to block air flow between these two areas. In the middle latitudes,	,	PUNCT	where	SCONJ	 where
The couple first lived together in an Edwardian house at 108 Maida Vale, London, W2. They bought Lemmons at auction for £48,000 in 1968, and lived there from 28 November that year. Kingsley wrote to the poet Philip Larkin in April 1969: This	This	PRON	is	AUX	 is
Despite the loss, the Giants made the playoffs as a Wild Card and won their first round game, 17 – 10 over the Vikings. However, they were defeated by the San Francisco 49ers 44 – 3 in the divisional playoffs. Simms played in all 16	16	NUM	games	NOUN	 games
The reconnaissance aircraft proved to be unsuitable after several months ' testing. Ryūjō participated in the Combined Fleet Maneuvers of 1935 where she was attached to the IJN Fourth Fleet. The fleet was caught in a typhoon on 25 September and the ship was moderately damaged. Ryūjō	Ryūjō	NOUN	arrived	VERB	 arrived
According to Marsina, the inhabitants of Pribina's principality who " definitely were aware of their difference from the Moravian Slavs " preserved their " specific consciousness " even within Great Moravia, which contributed to the development of the common consciousness of the ancestors of the Slovak people	people	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
The 2012 – 13 team gave Harvard its first NCAA tournament victory. The 2013 – 14 team posted a record 27 wins. Amaker was born in Falls Church, Virginia, in 1965. He was raised by a single mother, Alma Amaker, a high school	school	NOUN	English	ADJ	 English
The Gibraltar peninsula, located at the far southern end of Iberia, has great strategic importance as a result of its position by the Strait of Gibraltar where the Mediterranean Sea meets the Atlantic Ocean. It has repeatedly been contested between European and North African powers and has	has	AUX	endured	VERB	 endured
In 1955, he entered the workforce and briefly held a position with British Rail before securing an apprenticeship at a Liverpool equipment manufacturer. Soon afterwards, he became interested in the UK skiffle craze, developing a fervent admiration for the genre. In 1957, he cofounded	cofounded	VERB	his	PRON	 his
Nintendo has set up " JoySpots " at Japanese retail locations for this purpose. Pokémon FireRed and LeafGreen takes place mostly in the fictional region of Kanto. This is one distinct region of many in the Pokémon world, which includes varied geographical habitats for the Pokémon species	species	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
Carey went on to write the score for another Hammer film, Blood from the Mummy's Tomb, in 1971. Several orchestral and electronic cues from the film were released by GDI Records on a compilation titled The Quatermass Film Music Collection. Quatermass and the Pit premiered	premiered	VERB	on	ADP	 on
Castles such as Windsor did not play a decisive role during the resulting Wars of the Roses (1455 – 85), which were fought primarily in the form of pitched battles between the rival factions. Henry VI, born at Windsor Castle and known as Henry of	of	ADP	Windsor	PROPN	 Windsor
The peak annual discharge has a 0.2 percent chance of reaching 4,160 cubic feet per second (118 m3 / s). Upstream of one of its unnamed tributaries, the peak annual discharge of Shickshinny Creek has a 10 percent chance of reaching 650 cubic feet per second	second	ADJ	(	PUNCT	 (
The rest of the family leaves to find Hugo, leaving Bart behind, but he soon discovers that Hugo never left the house. Hugo takes Bart up to the attic and ties Bart up, so that he can reattach himself. Suddenly, Dr. Hibbert finds them	them	PRON	and	CCONJ	 and
In 1573 Leicester sent her a present of venison to Chartley from his seat Kenilworth Castle in Warwickshire, and she made hunting visits to Kenilworth in 1574 and 1576. She was also present in July 1575 when Dudley entertained the Queen with a magnificent 19 days festival at	at	ADP	the	DET	 the
McCracken played opposite Broadway actor Hugh Reilly. McCracken next appeared on Broadway in the 1953 Rodgers and Hammerstein musical Me and Juliet. The choreography was by Robert Alton, who had worked with McCracken on Good News. The play was meant to show what it was like	like	ADP	to	PART	 to
Following a complaint by King's College London council at the loss of privacy, the response of the Metropolitan Board of Works was that " the terms under which the college is held are not such as to enable the council to restrict Her Majesty from opening windows in	in	ADP	Somerset	PROPN	 Somerset
A conscientious objector, however, does not have a primary aim of changing the law. John Dewey considered that conscientious objectors were often the victims of " moral innocency " and inexpertness in moral training: " the moving force of events is always too much for conscience	conscience	NOUN	"	PUNCT	 "
By 1954 the shipments went up to 64,805 Ci (2.3978 PBq), and that year the AEC decided to build a new facility in Idaho National Laboratory for RaLa production. In October 1956, Oak Ridge completed their 68th and last RaLa run. In total,	,	PUNCT	Oak	PROPN	 Oak
Its tracklist encompasses " Express Yourself ", a mash up of " Borderline " and " Open Your Heart ", " Vogue ", " Like A Virgin ", " 4 Minutes ", " What it Feels Like for a Girl ", and " Like	Like	ADP	a	DET	 a
The thumb of the forefeet bears a nail, but claws are present on the other digits. The long tail is covered with small scales and light brown hairs. The tail lacks a distinct tuft at the tip, as is present in Eliurus and Macrotarsomys. Females	Females	NOUN	have	VERB	 have
He held this position for 21 months, during which time he alternated command of four vessels of the active and reserve units in his division. In June 1897, Hipper participated in a 17 day Admiralty staff cruise aboard the aviso Grille. After returning from the staff	staff	NOUN	cruise	NOUN	 cruise
Afterwards, Styles beat Trigg with a kendo stick to end their feud. On the September 25 episode of Impact!, Styles was ordered to return Angle's gold medal by Jeff Jarrett, who had taken a role as a TNA management authority figure. The medal	medal	NOUN	was	AUX	 was
American political scientist Mark Cooper asserted that Nasser's charisma and his direct relationship with the Egyptian people " rendered intermediaries (organizations and individuals) unnecessary ". He opined that Nasser's legacy was a " guarantee of instability " due to Nasser's reliance on personal power	power	NOUN	and	CCONJ	 and
Dexter's nemesis is a rival boy genius from his school named Susan " Mandark " Astronomonov (Eddie Deezen). Just like Dexter, Mandark also has his own laboratory, but his schemes are generally evil and designed to gain power while downplaying or destroying Dexter's	's	PART	accomplishments	NOUN	 accomplishments
Bayer catalogued five stars in the constellation, giving them the Bayer designations Alpha to Epsilon. John Flamsteed added Eta, Iota and four Roman letters; of these, only Iota is still used as the others were dropped in subsequent catalogues and star charts. Flamsteed gave	gave	VERB	16	NUM	 16
The music from the game is featured on several commercially released compact discs. It was fairly well received by critics both in arcades and when released for home systems. It was one of only a few games that supported a light gun peripheral for some of the home	home	NOUN	systems	NOUN	 systems
Although never charged with a crime, Jackson was subject to intense media scrutiny while the criminal investigation took place. Complaints about the coverage and media included using sensational headlines to draw in readers and viewers when the content itself did not support the headline, accepting stories of	of	ADP	Jackson	PROPN	 Jackson
Along with the U.S. Forest Service headquarters founded in 1908, lumber and the university remained staples of the local economy for the next hundred years. By the 1990s, Missoula's lumber industry had gradually disappeared, and as of 2009, the city's largest employers were	were	AUX	the	DET	 the
As they leave, Candace spots them and it brings back upsetting memories of never being able to bust the boys. She takes her mother Linda to the museum where the boys leave, right before Linda can see them. Professor Onassis, who invented the time machine	machine	NOUN	in	ADP	 in
The pair even hired the hatmaker who designed the hat worn by the Bonanza character Little Joe, played by Michael Landon. Davis described Django's look as a " rock n roll take on the character ". Django's sunglasses were inspired by Charles Bronson's character	character	NOUN	in	ADP	 in
" Before the 1951 season, O'Malley reportedly offered Robinson the job of manager of the Montreal Royals, effective at the end of Robinson's playing career. O'Malley was quoted in the Montreal Standard as saying, " Jackie told me that he would be both delighted and	and	CCONJ	honored	VERB	 honored
At the time, he was working with Tommy Refenes on a Flash game titled Grey Matter. Although McMillen initially pitched the companies a sequel to Gish or Aether, the pair decided to form Team Meat and work on an expanded version of Meat Boy instead. Team	Team	PROPN	Meat	PROPN	 Meat
) and * -ki (' your ' fem. sing.), and personal pronouns * ʔanta, * ʔanti, with the same split into shorter and longer forms and the same ultimate resolution. The short vowels * / a i u / tended to lengthen	lengthen	VERB	in	ADP	 in
Traditionally, hot chocolate has been associated with cold weather, winter, and dessert in the United States. In Mexico, hot chocolate remains a popular national drink. Besides the instant powder form, traditional Mexican hot chocolate includes semi sweet chocolate, cinnamon, sugar,	,	PUNCT	and	CCONJ	 and
The convention nominated Justice Charles Evans Hughes. Harding reached out to Roosevelt once the former president declined the 1916 Progressive nomination, a refusal that effectively scuttled that party. In the November 1916 presidential election, despite increasing Republican unity, Hughes was narrowly defeated by Wilson.	.	PUNCT	Harding	PROPN	 Harding
When Robert Curthose invaded England in 1101 in an attempt to take the English throne, Urse supported Henry. Urse was present at the court held at Winchester on 2 August 1101, when a peace treaty was ratified between the brothers. During Henry's reign, the	the	DET	king	NOUN	 king
Portal received critical acclaim, often earning more praise than either Half Life 2: Episode Two or Team Fortress 2, two titles also included in The Orange Box. It was praised for its unique gameplay and dark, deadpan humor. Eurogamer cited that " the way	way	NOUN	the	DET	 the
" The Austrian music historian Oscar Bie, while impressed with the festival as a whole, wrote subsequently that the Eighth was " stronger in effect than in significance, and purer in its voices than in emotion ". Langford had commented on the British " not being	being	AUX	very	ADV	 very
In November of the same year they were back in church for the baptism of their firstborn child. The marriage did not begin well: Quiney had recently impregnated another woman, Margaret Wheeler, who was to die in childbirth along with the child and was buried on	on	ADP	15	NUM	 15
In 1998, to congratulate Safran on his accomplishment, the Twin Galaxies Intergalactic Scoreboard searched for him for four years until 2002, when it was discovered that he had died in an accident in 1989. In a ceremony in Philadelphia on April 27, 2002, Walter	Walter	PROPN	Day	PROPN	 Day
The Grand Duchy of Lithuania first incorporated Belarusian lands into its territory in 1250, when it conquered the territories of Polotsk and Navahrudak. Incorporation into The Grand Duchy of Lithuania resulted in an economic, political and ethno cultural unification of Belarusian lands. Of the principalities held	held	VERB	by	ADP	 by
Winslow was laid down by William Cramp and Sons of Philadelphia in October 1913 and launched in February 1915. The ship was a little more than 305 ft (93 m) in length, just over 31 ft (9.4 m) abeam, and had a standard	standard	ADJ	displacement	NOUN	 displacement
In a 2005 poll of Radio Times readers, following its appearance on the 2005 television programme Seven Natural Wonders, Cheddar Gorge was named as the second greatest natural wonder in Britain, surpassed only by Dan yr Ogof caves. The gorge attracts about 500,000 visitors per year	year	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
At the end of May 1944, George Mantello publicized two important reports. One of the reports was probably Rabbi Chaim Michael Dov Weissmandl's five page abridged version of the 33 page Auschwitz Protocols: both the Vrba – Wetzler report and Rosin Mordowicz report. The reports	reports	NOUN	described	VERB	 described
These were: to establish sustainable peace and security in Sierra Leone, to support UNAMSIL operations, to prevent another humanitarian disaster in Freetown, to see the release of captive UN personnel, and finally to avoid British casualties and devise an exit strategy that avoided " mission	mission	NOUN	creep	NOUN	 creep
The declaration meant that " the military would occupy the area to keep order and prevent the kind of looting that occurred in Concepción during the first two to three days after last month's quake ", according to The New York Times. A Pacific wide tsunami warning	warning	NOUN	was	AUX	 was
In the U.S., several hundred million pounds of pizza cheese is consumed annually. In 1997, it was estimated that annual production of the product was 1 million tons (2 billion pounds) in the United States and 100,000 tonnes (98,000 long tons; 110,000 short	short	ADJ	tons	NOUN	 tons
The symbolism of the city was meant to secure the political legitimacy of the new emperor, who was enthroned there on June 12. After reigning for barely one month, Zhang Bangchang was persuaded by the Song to step down as emperor of the Great Chu and to	to	PART	recognize	VERB	 recognize
The name of John Bercow, Speaker of the House of Commons since 2009, has been mentioned as a possible recipient. Widmerpool has twice been portrayed in BBC radio broadcasts of the Dance to the Music of Time sequence. The first was a 26 part serial,	,	PUNCT	transmitted	VERB	 transmitted
Digg CEO Jay Adelson told PC World that Anonymous had not manipulated the site's algorithm system to prevent artificial poll results, stating: " They must have done a very good job of bringing in a diverse set of interests... It just happened to hit a nerve	nerve	NOUN	that	PRON	 that
Based on information from historical weather maps, it appeared that eastward moving lower atmospheric flow was present between September 16 and 17, though a closed circulation did not appear to be present. On September 18, the system developed into tropical depression between the Bahamas and Florida	Florida	PROPN	while	SCONJ	 while
Of the nine Grade II * listed buildings in Trafford, three are in Altrincham: the Church of St Margaret, the Church of St John the Divine and Hale Chapel in Hale Barns. As of the 2001 UK census, 78.8 per cent of Altrincham's residents	residents	NOUN	reported	VERB	 reported
The studio would serve as a launch pad for future actors including Ashok Kumar, Leela Chitnis, Dilip Kumar, Raj Kapoor, Madhubala and Mumtaz. The studio's first film Jawani Ki Hawa (1935), a crime thriller, starring Devika Rani and Najm ul	ul	PROPN	Hassan	PROPN	 Hassan
Winning the first match of the 2001 – 02 season 4 – 0 at home to Norwich City set the team up well for a good year, in which Millwall qualified for the Division One play offs, but lost to eventual winners Birmingham City 2 – 1 in	in	ADP	the	DET	 the
There is also a high concentration in Indonesia; national figures for adults are not available, but the prevalence rate for the 0 – 11 age group there is 49 percent, mostly Types I and IV. Smaller studies or anecdotal reports suggest that FGM is also practised	practised	VERB	in	ADP	 in
While Kołłątaj and others had begun planning an uprising before Kościuszko joined them, his support was a major boon to them, as he was among the most popular individuals in Poland. After two weeks in Leipzig, before the second week of January 1793, Kościuszko set	set	VERB	off	ADP	 off
Raoul Wallenberg Playground, Washington Heights NYC Raoul Wallenberg Pre School Educational Unit A number of films have been made of Wallenberg's life, including the 1985 made for television movie Wallenberg: A Hero's Story (1985), starring Richard Chamberlain, the 1990 Swedish production	production	NOUN	Good	PROPN	 Good
Other specific underlying causes are treated as normally. For example, hemochromatosis is treated by venesection, the regular removal of a fixed amount of blood. Eventually, this decreases the iron levels in the body and improves the function of the organs in which iron has accumulated	accumulated	VERB	.	PUNCT	.
McGregor told an Inside Soap writer, " Mark's life has been turned upside down since he blew the whistle on Constable Holland ", adding that he was now being treated like he did the wrong thing. When Mark went to Charlie's to escape his troubles	troubles	NOUN	at	ADP	 at
The B 52 took its maiden flight in April 1952. Built to carry nuclear weapons for Cold War era deterrence missions, the B 52 Stratofortress replaced the Convair B 36. A veteran of several wars, the B 52 has dropped only conventional munitions in combat.	.	PUNCT	The	DET	 The
The Young Ambassadors are a song and dance performing group with a 50 year history at BYU. Prior to 1970 the group was known as Curtain Time USA. In the 1960s their world tour stops included Lebanon, Jordan, and Iraq. The group first performed as	as	ADP	the	DET	 the
The broadcast of the 2008 Orange Bowl was the only BCS bowl game to show a rise in television viewers over the previous season's broadcast, as the 2007 Orange Bowl had only earned a Nielsen rating of 7.0. The pre game show featured several high school marching	marching	NOUN	bands	NOUN	 bands
" His contributions to baseball were widely recognized even before his Hall of Fame election: he was ranked 8th and 11th respectively by ABC Sports and The Sporting News in their lists of the most influential sports figures of the 20th century. On July 7, 2009,	,	PUNCT	Walter	PROPN	 Walter
Ice T introduced the band at Lollapalooza in 1991, devoting half of his set to his hip hop songs, and half to Body Count songs, increasing his appeal with both alternative music fans and middle class teenagers. Some considered the Body Count performances to be the	the	DET	highlight	NOUN	 highlight
Edge felt that the Escape sections were satisfying to solve, and that they did not impede on the story progression for too long. Wallace thought that solving the puzzles provided a sense of accomplishment that few games could replicate. Kemps commented that the user interface was improved	improved	VERB	from	ADP	 from
Mike Stagno from SputnikMusic said that the album was a well received return by Slayer. Entertainment Weekly reviewer David Browne said that listening to Seasons in the Abyss was " like listening to a single speed metal song — the world's longest ". The album peaked at	at	ADP	number	NOUN	 number
It was Tottenham who began the match the better of the two teams and took the lead after 36 minutes when Noureddine Naybet scored. Henry equalised for Arsenal moments before half time, and the champions went in front after Lauren converted a penalty. Vieira scored on the	the	DET	hour	NOUN	 hour
In 2013, Julianne Escobedo Shepherd of Spin described West as fronting a " new art pop era " in contemporary music, in which musicians draw widely on the visual arts as a signifier of both creative exploration and extravagant wealth. Drake, Nicki Minaj and Casey Veggies	Veggies	PROPN	have	AUX	 have
Matt Sloan, who portrays Darth Vader in the webseries Chad Vader: Day Shift Manager and voices Vader in the original The Force Unleashed returns to the role in The Force Unleashed II. Veteran Star Wars: The Clone Wars voice actors Tom Kane and Dee Bradley Baker	Baker	PROPN	are	AUX	 are
The first four parts of the storyline, Green Lantern # 21 and 22, and Green Lantern Corps # 14 and 15, were released in July and August and also sold out. The issues went to a second printing, with Green Lantern Corps # 14 going	going	VERB	to	ADP	 to
Otto's reign is usually divided into three periods: a. The years of Regency: 1832 – 1835 b. The years of Absolute Monarchy: 1835 – 1843 c. The years of Constitutional Monarchy: 1843 – 1862 The Bavarian advisors were arrayed in a Regency Council headed by	by	ADP	Count	PROPN	 Count
In June 2007, the European Union banned Garuda Indonesia, along with all other Indonesian airlines, from flying into any European country due to poor safety records. The ban on Garuda Indonesia was lifted in July 2009. By the 2010s, the condition of Indonesian aviation	aviation	NOUN	began	VERB	 began
The song received positive reviews from critics who complimented its sensual nature. It peaked at number 40 on the Billboard Hot 100, and eight on the Hot R & B / Hip Hop Songs, becoming Usher's 16th top ten hit on the latter chart. The	The	DET	song	NOUN	 song
The catalogue listed other racist and fascist symbols like the Nazi swastika, the Celtic cross, and the Confederate Flag. After a protest by MEP Sylwester Chruszcz of the League of Polish Families, additional consultations were held with historians, academic researchers and other experts and as	as	ADP	a	DET	 a
Newcastle handed the issue off to Martin Bladen, secretary to the Board of Trade and a known Belcher opponent. The Board of Trade then apparently decided, based on the weight of the evidence, that Belcher needed to be replaced. In April 1741 the Privy Council	Council	PROPN	approved	VERB	 approved
Its algebraic counterpart, the theory of algebraic groups, was first shaped by Claude Chevalley (from the late 1930s) and later by the work of Armand Borel and Jacques Tits. The University of Chicago's 1960 – 61 Group Theory Year brought together group theorists such	such	ADJ	as	ADP	 as
Upon a lunch invitation with Thomas Schumacher, Cook was offered two projects in development: a Scottish folk tale with a dragon or Mulan. Knowledgeable about the existence of dragons in Chinese mythology, Cook suggested adding a dragon to Mulan, in which a week later,	,	PUNCT	Schumacher	PROPN	 Schumacher
They conclude that " breathing gas switches should be scheduled deep or shallow to avoid the period of maximum supersaturation resulting from decompression ". The use of pure oxygen for accelerated decompression is limited by oxygen toxicity. In open circuit scuba the upper limit for oxygen partial pressure	pressure	NOUN	is	AUX	 is
The majority of critics believed Gilliam sacrificed the storyline in favor of the visual design. Roger Ebert called the film " an invention without pattern, chasing itself around the screen without finding a plot. The movie seems like a style in search of a purpose, with	with	ADP	a	DET	 a
Distributed by Metro Goldwyn Mayer (MGM) and dramatized by Guy Trosper from a story written by Nedrick Young, the film is about a young man sentenced to prison for manslaughter who is mentored in music by his prison cellmate who realizes his musical abilities. After his	his	PRON	release	NOUN	 release
He became increasingly critical of modern technology in his later life, criticizing inventions such as the Internet. Dialogi and Summa Technologiae (1964) are Lem's two most famous philosophical texts. The Summa is notable for being a unique analysis of prospective social, cybernetic,	,	PUNCT	and	CCONJ	 and
This enables HDMI 2.0 to carry 4 K resolution at 60 frames per second (fps). Other features of HDMI 2.0 include the options of the Rec. 2020 color space, Dual View, 4: 2: 0 chroma subsampling, 25 fps 3D formats,	,	PUNCT	up	ADP	 up
The crisis proved contagious when it spread to Portugal, Italy, and Spain (together with Greece these are collectively referred to as the PIGS). Ratings agencies downgraded these countries ' debt instruments in 2010 which further increased the costliness of refinancing or repaying their national debts	debts	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
Although a fictitious event, at least six calls were made to GMPTE asking if services had been affected. Transport planners in Greater Manchester describe Metrolink as both " an icon of Greater Manchester ", and " an integral part of the landscape in Greater Manchester ".	.	PUNCT	The	DET	 The
She spoke to Democratic Missouri Representative Leonor Sullivan, who agreed that the dollar should bear a portrait of Eisenhower as " equal time " to the half dollar, which bore the likeness of Democratic president Kennedy. A bill was filed by Connecticut Congressman Robert N. Giaimo to	to	PART	authorize	VERB	 authorize
On November 4, 1846, Gwyn arrived in America via the Port of New York, 22 days before his 18th birthday, although his immigration papers list him as 20. Upon arriving in the United States, Gwyn and many other Derry immigrants made their way to	to	ADP	Philadelphia	PROPN	 Philadelphia
Later on in the bar, Crackle and Pop are seen discussing an attack by the Keebler Elves which apparently resulted in Snap's death. Beforehand, a ship crashes through Quahog buildings, a reference to Speed 2: Cruise Control. In one cutaway scene, W.	W.	PROPN	Frederick	PROPN	 Frederick
A Global Positioning System (GPS) receiver measures its distance to GPS satellites based on how long it takes for a radio signal to arrive from each satellite, and from these distances calculates the receiver's position. Because light travels about 300000 kilometres (186000 mi)	)	PUNCT	in	ADP	 in
However, Mercedes decided not to run the device over the whole weekend. Going into the weekend Lewis Hamilton and his Mercedes team had already secured their respective World Championships. Fellow Mercedes driver Nico Rosberg was second in the Drivers ' Championship, 21 points ahead of Ferrari	Ferrari	PROPN	's	PART	's
In July 1943, the battalion moved to Cairns where they undertook amphibious training with the American 532nd Engineer Boat and Shore Regiment around Trinity Beach as part of their final preparations before being committed to the fighting in New Guinea. Sailing aboard the Henry T. Allen, after	after	ADP	arriving	VERB	 arriving
In my opinion it was the most rock and roll room of the lot. " He thought the room sounded better than Slane Castle, and he was particularly impressed with the room's " low mid range... where the music lives ", a property that he	he	PRON	believes	VERB	 believes
The storm then entered the Gulf of Mexico and continued weakening, falling to Category 2 intensity late on September 28. While approaching the Gulf Coast of the United States, the hurricane weakened to a Category 1 hurricane. Early on October 1, it made landfall near	near	ADP	Panama	PROPN	 Panama
Like their relatives in the Elapidae family, the majority of the Hydrophiinae species are highly venomous; however, when bites occur, venom injection is rare, so envenomation symptoms usually seem nonexistent or trivial. For example, P. platurus has a venom more potent than any	any	DET	terrestrial	ADJ	 terrestrial
West Antarctica is covered by the West Antarctic Ice Sheet. The sheet has been of recent concern because of the real, if small, possibility of its collapse. If the sheet were to break down, ocean levels would rise by several metres in a relatively geologically	geologically	ADV	short	ADJ	 short
The game's developer, Monolith Productions ported No One Lives Forever – Game of the Year Edition to the PlayStation 2 console. This port of the game was released on April 18, 2002 (although it was originally intended for a 2001 release), and was	was	AUX	again	ADV	 again
It was preceded by The Cleveland Show and became the highest rated program in Fox's Animation Domination lineup that night in terms of total viewers, finishing higher than Family Guy (5.50 million), American Dad! (4.48 million), The Cleveland Show (3.67	3.67	NUM	million	NUM	 million
These electors had the right to elect forty four deputies to the Diet. The Curia of the Chambers of Commerce consisted of thirty nine electors from the chambers of commerce in Lemberg, Kraków, and Brody. These electors had the right to elect three deputies, one	one	NUM	from	ADP	 from
According to the legend, the daughter of King Sahil Varman Champavati was a religious person and used to visit temples and sadhu ’ s ashrams regularly. The king, after getting suspicious of her actions, once followed her to a sadhu ’ s place, with a	a	DET	dagger	NOUN	 dagger
The Court did not strike down Section 5, but without a coverage formula, Section 5 is unenforceable. As initially ratified, the United States Constitution granted each state complete discretion to determine voter qualifications for its residents. After the Civil War, the three Reconstruction Amendments	Amendments	PROPN	were	AUX	 were
Sable and Lesnar later departed from the company after Lesnar battled WWE in a lawsuit. Sable made her video game debut in the WWE game WWF Attitude, and appears in the games WWE SmackDown! Here Comes the Pain and WWE SmackDown! vs. Raw. Rena Greek	Greek	PROPN	married	VERB	 married
Compatibility: is the degree to which the new behavior is consistent with current practice. Complexity: is how difficult the new behavior is to implement. LOHAS stands for Lifestyles of Health and Sustainability, and describes an integrated, rapidly growing market for goods and services that	that	PRON	appeal	VERB	 appeal
The evolution of her design resulted in Harvey having to redesign her appearance on the title screen. He employed different colors to demonstrate Jill's feelings for the Queen; he used a rose tint to demonstrate her " blissful display of affection " while using a grey wash	wash	NOUN	to	PART	 to
Originally, NY 426 broke from its modern alignment at French Creek – Mina Road to serve the hamlet of French Creek via French Creek – Mina and King roads before rejoining its current route west of the hamlet. The route was realigned onto its present alignment west of	of	ADP	French	PROPN	 French
Original Stories encourages its readers to develop what were at the time coming to be labelled middle class values: industry, self discipline, economy, and charity. As Andrew O' Malley points out in his analysis of 18th century children ’ s books, " middle	middle	ADJ	class	NOUN	 class
Mulder is a believer in the paranormal, while the skeptical Scully has been assigned to debunk his work. Events covered in the episodes include the meeting of Mulder and Scully, the introduction and assassination of a secretive informant, the apparent return of Mulder's lost sister	sister	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
The martin is found on the east side of Réunion between 200 – 500 m (660 – 1,640 ft), and on the south and west coasts of Mauritius. It also occurs on inland cliffs on Mauritius. The subspecies P. b. borbonica is resident on Mauritius	Mauritius	PROPN	and	CCONJ	 and
The pair have also contested one final at the 2012 ATP World Tour Finals, which Djokovic won in straight sets. They were scheduled to meet again in the 2014 final but Federer withdrew. The pair met four times in 2014, in the semifinal of the Dubai	Dubai	PROPN	Tennis	PROPN	 Tennis
His father, Carmine Coppola, had been one of the original investors in Tucker stock and purchased one of the cars off the production line. Coppola included the involvement of Preston Tucker's children, grandchildren and members of the Tucker Estate during the development of Tucker in	in	ADP	the	DET	 the
Meningococcus vaccines exist against groups A, B, C, W135 and Y. In countries where the vaccine for meningococcus group C was introduced, cases caused by this pathogen have decreased substantially. A quadrivalent vaccine now exists, which combines all four vaccines. Immunization with the	the	DET	ACW135Y	PROPN	 ACW135Y
It also had coaxial and RCA plugs to connect it with a VCR or camcorder. A 2002 article in Macworld said it was the " first step " in bridging computers and television, but at this point still had " some kinks ". The next iteration was	was	AUX	released	VERB	 released
The city's modern era founders, the Daraghmeh clan, constitute 70% of Tubas ' inhabitants. The clan has several smaller branches, including the Mslamany, Abd al Razeq and Abu Khazaran families. The Sawafta family make up 25%, the Husheh make up	up	ADP	3	NUM	 3
With the increased threat from Scotland and the granting of the licence to crenellate, Emery suggests that the inner bailey wall was then constructed to better defend the keep, followed by the outer bailey wall in a final phase of work. In 1408, the Abbot John	John	PROPN	Bolton	PROPN	 Bolton
He was a pioneer of stickhandling the puck; before that time, goaltenders passively stood in the net and simply deflected pucks to defencemen or backchecking forwards. Plante was inducted into the Hockey Hall of Fame in 1978, and into the Quebec Sports Pantheon in 1994.	.	PUNCT	His	PRON	 His
Caracciola led the Swiss Grand Prix for several laps, Rosemeyer trailing him closely, but the Clerk of the Course ordered Caracciola to cede the lead to Rosemeyer on the ninth lap after he was found to be blocking the Auto Union. The two had a heated argument	argument	NOUN	after	ADP	 after
These events were described as ranging from " creative to indifferent, to downright embarrassing ". When they entered the White House in 1969, the Nixons began inviting families to non denominational Sunday church services in the East Room of the White House. She also oversaw the	the	DET	White	PROPN	 White
Many people who have had a pituitary apoplexy develop pituitary hormone deficiencies and require long term hormone supplementation. The first case of the disease was recorded in 1898. The initial symptoms of pituitary apoplexy are related to the increased pressure in and around the pituitary gland. The	The	DET	most	ADV	 most
However, in August 2015, the government finally lifted the SD Primary Channel mandate, allowing broadcasters to simulcast their respective main channel programmes in high definition. The transition from analog to digital television was co ordinated by the Digital Switchover Taskforce operating under the federal Department of	of	ADP	Broadband	PROPN	 Broadband
In 1959, the monks of the hermitage were evicted and the hermitage was turned into the notorious Drapchi Prison, which gained a reputation for being one of the most severe penal institutions run by the Chinese in Tibet. In the 1980s a citizen of Lhasa re established	established	VERB	the	DET	 the
Several men from the colony served aboard cruisers and destroyers that engaged the German shore batteries. A small number of Southern Rhodesians parachuted into Normandy with the 6th Airborne Division during Operation Tonga, and some took part in the amphibious landings. No. 266 Squadron was part	part	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
Many shooting games on Xbox Live Arcade and PlayStation Network use this dual control design. The 2003 title Geometry Wars and its sequels also use a similar control scheme. The input design was most prominent in arcade games until video games with three dimensional (3D) graphics	graphics	NOUN	became	VERB	 became
Favre responded by saying " I have no idea where that came from, but it certainly didn't come from me. I'm happy about my decision and I haven't once said ' I wonder if I made the wrong decision. ' I know it's	's	AUX	the	DET	 the
There are still 1,113 victims who have not been identified. Along with the 110 floor Twin Towers, numerous other buildings at the World Trade Center site were destroyed or badly damaged, including WTC buildings 3 through 7 and St. Nicholas Greek Orthodox Church. The North Tower	Tower	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
His early work was derivative of the Utagawa style and some of his prints were outright copies (an accepted practice of the time). While working in Kunisada's studio Kunichika was assigned a commission to make a print illustrating a bird's eye view of Tenjinbashi Avenue	Avenue	PROPN	following	VERB	 following
In its social interactions, Shakta Tantra is " free from all sorts of caste and patriarchal prejudices. A woman or a shudra is entitled to function in the role of guru. All women are regarded as manifestations of Shakti, and hence they are the object of	of	ADP	respect	NOUN	 respect
Rabobank's Luis León Sánchez attacked on the Mur de Péguère, with only Philippe Gilbert (BMC Racing Team), Euskaltel – Euskadi rider Gorka Izagirre and Sandy Casar of FDJ – BigMat able to follow originally. Sagan later brought himself back up to the group,	,	PUNCT	before	SCONJ	 before
It received generally favorable reviews. Multiple critics commented on the film's visual appeal. The movie was directed by filmmaker Pat O'Neill and produced by O'Neill and Rebecca Hartzell. O'Neill turned the historic Ambassador Hotel of Los Angeles into a haunted mansion full of specters using a	a	DET	mixture	NOUN	 mixture
He rates the Second Violin Sonata (1915) as the composer's most individual work to that date. For Evans, the culminating point of Bax's early chamber music was the Piano Quintet, a work " of such richness of invention that it would be an	an	DET	ornament	NOUN	 ornament
The Act was not effectively enforced, and did not address the working conditions of ' free children ' (children working in mills who were not apprentices) who rapidly came to heavily outnumber the apprentices. Regulating the way masters treated their apprentices was a recognised responsibility of	of	ADP	Parliament	PROPN	 Parliament
In February 2015, Hong Kong Airlines signed an agreement for sub lease with the Airport Authority Hong Kong to develop a flight training centre on a plot of land of 0.6 hectare located at the southeast edge of the Hong Kong International Airport. In March 2015, Hong	Hong	PROPN	Kong	PROPN	 Kong
Black takes these coincidences to be pointing him towards a Bible verse, Acts of the Apostles 26: 8 — " why should it be thought incredible by you that God raises the dead? ". Black then hears something moving in his attic, and investigates.	.	PUNCT	He	PRON	 He
However, Branded to Kill was most influential in its native Japan. The film's premise, in which hitmen try to kill each other in competition for the Number One rank, is spoofed in films such as Takeshi Kitano's Getting Any? (1995) and	and	CCONJ	Sabu	PROPN	 Sabu
She displaced 8,177 metric tons (8,048 long tons) at standard load and 9,728 metric tons (9,574 long tons) at full load. Her steam turbines produced a total of 129,750 shaft horsepower (96,750 kW) during her sea trials and propelled the ship to a	a	DET	maximum	ADJ	 maximum
On January 30, 1996, ten months after Eazy E's death, his final album, Str8 off tha Streetz of Muthaphukkin Compton was released. Allmusic cites Eazy E's influences as Ice T, Redd Foxx, King Tee, Bootsy Collins, Run D.M.C.,	,	PUNCT	Richard	PROPN	 Richard
Cartman's body — his obesity and his inability to control his farting — is supposed to exemplify the grotesque. The boys swear throughout the episode, using words and phrases such as " fat ass " and " dildo ", challenging the boundaries of appropriate language.	.	PUNCT	Finally	ADV	 Finally
Gudin's division encountered some resistance before it could take possession of Pöttmes, but succeeded with several charges executed by the 6th and 8th Hussars, who also captured 100 horses from the Austrians. General Puthed, who commanded the brigade on General Gudin's left, took	took	VERB	control	NOUN	 control
The revolt began aboard Minas Geraes at around 10 pm on 22 November; the ship's commander and several loyal crewmen were murdered in the process. Soon after, São Paulo, the new cruiser Bahia, the coast defense ship Deodoro, the minelayer República, the	the	DET	training	NOUN	 training
Lewis and Clark expedition co leader William Clark produced a map based on the previous expedition and included the explorations of John Colter in 1807, apparently based on discussions between Clark and Colter when the two met in St. Louis, Missouri in 1810. Another map attributed to	to	ADP	William	PROPN	 William
" Article One provides that Congress shall have the power " [t] o define and punish Piracies and Felonies committed on the high Seas. " Five sections in the Crimes Act " were devoted to the subject. " Currie notes that the various piracy offenses "	"	PUNCT	take	VERB	 take
Between 1997 and 2009 this partnership encompassed shirt sponsorship, kit manufacture and stadium naming rights. The combined shirt sponsorship (1990 – 2009) and kit manufacture (1993 – 2012) deals covering 22 years represent the longest kit partnership in English football history. The stadium	stadium	NOUN	's	PART	's
Mir was based upon the Salyut series of space stations previously launched by the Soviet Union (seven Salyut space stations had been launched since 1971), and was mainly serviced by Russian manned Soyuz spacecraft and Progress cargo ships. The Buran space shuttle was anticipated to visit	visit	VERB	Mir	PROPN	 Mir
Scott called the Winter Journey " a very wonderful performance ", and was highly satisfied with the experiments in rations and equipment: " We are as near perfection as experience can direct. " On 13 September 1911, Scott revealed his plans for the South Pole march	march	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
The infraorder Simiiformes (simian primates, consisting of monkeys and apes) emerged about 40 mya, possibly also in Asia; if so, they dispersed across the Tethys Sea from Asia to Africa soon afterwards. There are two simian clades, both parvorders: Catarrhini,	,	PUNCT	which	PRON	 which
and McDonald's had. Schlosser stated, " The admirable behavior of these two industry giants makes the behavior or Burger King... seem completely unjustifiable. " In May 2008, several issues came to the fore that damaged the credibility of Burger King and its position on	on	ADP	the	DET	 the
They maintained their partnership until Cornwell's departure from Fairmont in 1910. In 1890, shortly after Cornwell began practicing law in Romney, he and his brother John Jacob Cornwell purchased the newspaper The Review from D. F. Poland, who assured the newspaper's subscribers in a	a	DET	November	PROPN	 November
With producer Steve Krantz, Bakshi founded his own studio, Bakshi Productions. In 1969, Ralph's Spot was founded as a division of Bakshi Productions to produce commercials for Coca Cola and Max, the 2000 Year Old Mouse, a series of educational shorts paid for	for	ADP	by	ADP	 by
Texas Tech's College of Agricultural Science and Natural Resources has received state and federal grants for research projects including the fiber properties of cotton, the antibacterial properties of cotton fabric, and the development of chemical warfare protective fabrics. The college has also created two grass variants	variants	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
Ofcom published its findings on 30 June, and concluded that Channel 4 had not breached broadcasting regulations. The watchdog looked at a number of issues raised by viewers, including concerns that rules governing child welfare had been broken, and that the programme featured " certain criminal	criminal	ADJ	techniques	NOUN	 techniques
) The Enterprise receives communiqués indicating that the war is going badly for the Federation. Arriving at Organia, the crew are affected by a powerful mental disturbance centered on the planet; the effects are worse for Kirk, Scotty, and Spock when they transport down to	to	ADP	the	DET	 the
Some unseen or unheard of elements of the story were fleshed out in the course of the novel. Such examples include more discussions between Anakin and Palpatine, in which Palpatine explicitly says that Darth Plagueis was his master; in the film, it is merely hinted at	at	ADP	.	PUNCT	.
Grant was the first President to visit the Colorado Territory in late April 1873, having traveled by the Union Pacific Railroad, who had made a special presidential car. President Grant stayed at the residence of Governor Samuel H. Elbert, whom Grant had appointed earlier in April	April	PROPN	.	PUNCT	.
These projects are at times opposed by smaller, human rights groups who wish to avoid overshadowing memories of the individuals with their violent manner (s) of death. In cases like these, forensic archaeologists must practice caution and recognize the implications behind their work and the	the	DET	information	NOUN	 information
To let the player track their progress, the game saves daily statistics of the player's performance, which are shown in a graph. In the third mode, Sudoku, the player can solve one of a hundred Sudoku puzzles. All of the minigames in Brain	Brain	PROPN	Age	PROPN	 Age
Prose Sketches (1827) Pencillings by the Way (1835) Inklings of Adventure (1836) À l ' Abri; or, The Tent Pitched (1839) Loiterings of Travel (1840) The Romance of Travel (1840) American Scenery (2 volumes 1840	1840	NUM	)	PUNCT	)
The fifth of the technology milestones required the demonstration of the Microarcsecond Metrology Testbed at a performance of 3,200 picometers over its wide angle field of regard. The wide angle measurements will be used to determine the fixed positions of stars each time they are measured. This level	level	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
McCain recuperated just enough to pass his flight physical and have his flight status reinstated. In August 1974, he was assigned to the Replacement Air Group VA 174 " Hellrazors ". This was an A 7 Corsair II training squadron located at Naval Air Station Cecil Field	Field	PROPN	in	ADP	 in
Darius therefore began raising a huge new army with which he meant to completely subjugate Greece; however, in 486 BC, his Egyptian subjects revolted, indefinitely postponing any Greek expedition. Darius then died while preparing to march on Egypt, and the throne of Persia passed	passed	VERB	to	ADP	 to
The family returned to the United States in August 1887. His letter in the Tribune had raised his political profile even higher, and by 1888 Theodore Roosevelt and Henry Cabot Lodge, both former opponents, urged Blaine to run against Cleveland again. Opinion within the party	party	NOUN	was	AUX	 was
Muhanna was succeeded by his son Muzaffar ad Din Musa, who had remained loyal to an Nasir Muhammad during his father's defection to the Ilkhanate. An Nasir Muhammad granted him substantial iqtaʿat in return for his loyalty and the supply of noble Arabian horses, which an	an	DET	Nasir	PROPN	 Nasir
Letters Written in Sweden, Norway, and Denmark was Wollstonecraft's most popular book in the 1790s. It sold well and was reviewed positively by most critics. Godwin wrote " if ever there was a book calculated to make a man in love with its author,	,	PUNCT	this	PRON	 this
Of players born outside the United States on 2006 Major League Opening Day rosters, the Dominican Republic (85) and Venezuela (43) had more than all other countries and between them accounted for more than 57% of foreign born players in the leagues. Italy	Italy	PROPN	is	AUX	 is
Scott was known to Joseph, having been leader of the Morley orchestra. Joseph became a member of the SWM's Composers ' Sectional Committee, and occasionally gave lectures to the society on subjects such as " The Necessity of Practical Experience for Composers ", and "	"	PUNCT	The	DET	 The
As in India, Irawan is described as a son of Ardjuna (Arjuna) and Ulupi. While in India, Irawan's mother Ulupi is a Naga (serpent), in Javanese legends she is the daughter of the sage Kanwa (Jayawilapa in puppetry) of	of	ADP	the	DET	 the
In the film, Ramanujan is portrayed by British actor Dev Patel. A play, First Class Man by Alter Ego Productions, was based on David Freeman's First Class Man. The play is centred around Ramanujan and his complex and dysfunctional relationship with Hardy. On	On	ADP	16	NUM	 16
" That evening the factory was closed, and the laboratory's chemists were reportedly smuggled out of the country. In 1950, Lucky Luciano was photographed in front of the Hotel Sole in the centre of old Palermo – often the residence of Don Calò Vizzini – talking	talking	VERB	with	ADP	 with
Galactic tidal forces stretch the cloud along an axis directed toward the galactic centre and compress it along the other two axes; these small perturbations can shift orbits in the Oort cloud to bring objects close to the Sun. The point at which the Sun's gravity concedes	concedes	VERB	its	PRON	 its
Eaton also won the federation's version of the TV title, known as the SMW Beat the Champ Television Championship. When Bill Watts was ousted from his position in WCW in favor of Eric Bischoff, Eaton was rehired. Once back on the roster, Eaton teamed	teamed	VERB	up	ADP	 up
It sold 160,000 digital downloads in its first week, the fifth highest first week digital sales for the series. The mash up sparked a revival in sales for " Rumour Has It ", which achieved a new peak at number sixty that same week, during which	which	PRON	it	PRON	 it
It was also a commercial success: Sega Sammy's 2006 financial report recorded sales of 1.59 million units. The game was later released as a part of three budget lines: Greatest Hits and Platinum Range for the PlayStation 2 (representing sales of at least 400,000 in	in	ADP	North	PROPN	 North
While the song played, the lead subject, an assault survivor, reminisced about the impact of rape while walking around a college campus. Ziering concluded that having Gaga sing the track fulfilled their need for publicity since she " [brought] a whole other demographic.	.	PUNCT	Anyone	PRON	 Anyone
Cartman, generally referred to by his surname, is one of four central characters in South Park, along with his friends Stan Marsh, Kyle Broflovski, and Kenny McCormick. Cartman first appeared, originally named Kenny, in prototypical form in a 1992 animated short Jesus	Jesus	PROPN	vs.	ADP	 vs.
The platform would extend over the whole roof, and the tracks for the airship launch would be on an incline 105 meters long. The plans also included the purchase of a searchlight to guide the airships. A mooring mast for docking airships was constructed on top of	of	ADP	the	DET	 the
She saw no combat during the war, and due to a shortage of crews, the ships were withdrawn from active duty in February 1915 and relegated to secondary duties. Kaiser Barbarossa was briefly used as a torpedo target ship for most of 1915 and thereafter spent the	the	DET	remainder	NOUN	 remainder
The Panthers have 16 members enshrined in the British Ice Hockey Hall of Fame and have had 34 players represent Great Britain at the World Championships and in Olympic qualifying. The club was founded in 1946 after earlier attempts to establish a team were postponed due to World War	War	PROPN	II	PROPN	 II
Connelly prepared for the role by watching documentaries on schizophrenia. She also spent time at the New York State Psychiatric Institute and the New York University's Cancer Center to understand the afflections and obstacles of her character. While she was preparing for the role, director Dustin	Dustin	PROPN	Lance	PROPN	 Lance
He promoted, and became a chief member of, the Committee of Both Kingdoms, established in February 1644 as a point were English and Scottish authorities could coordinate war activities. Vane was then sent to York in June 1644, then besieged by three Parliament armies,	,	PUNCT	to	PART	 to
The Pro Tools engineer for the mixing was John Hanes, and his assistant was Tim Roberts. " Outta My Head " is an electropop and Eurodance song which lasts for a duration of three minutes and 39 seconds; it appears as the fifth song on the standard	standard	ADJ	United	PROPN	 United
The fourteenth Halo book (the thirteenth novel) was released in November 2014: Halo: Broken Circle by John Shirley, the author of novels based on BioShock, Borderlands, and other games. The Halo universe was first adapted into the graphic novel format in 2006	2006	NUM	,	PUNCT	,
The story begins when a FBI agent collapses from a parasite constricting his heart, and Olivia must meet with biochemist David Robert Jones (Jared Harris) in Frankfurt in order to find a cure. It featured the first appearance by Harris. The episode was written by	by	ADP	J.	PROPN	 J.
In this episode, Mulder, Walter Skinner (Mitch Pileggi), and Doggett come up against the horrible consequences of the Syndicate ’ s pact with the aliens, as Billy Miles (Zachary Ansley) — reprogrammed as a soldier — attempts to erase all evidence of	of	ADP	the	DET	 the
During the campaign, media reports alleged that Farmer had misused state funds and property as agriculture commissioner and Farmer's successor collaborated with the state auditor to investigate the allegations. As a result, the Executive Branch Ethics Commission charged Farmer with 42 ethics violations – the most	most	ADV	against	ADP	 against
This capacity makes it the largest reservoir system in the United States and one of the largest in North America. In addition to storing irrigation water, the system also includes an annual flood control reservation of 16.3 million acre feet (20.1 km3). Mainstem power plants	plants	NOUN	generate	VERB	 generate
In the United Kingdom, the album debuted at number five, selling 42,411 copies and was certified three times Platinum for sales of over 900,000 units. In Ireland, it peaked at number one and was certified double Platinum in 2008. My Love: Essential Collection proved	proved	VERB	to	PART	 to
He also gave speeches at events, such as the 100th anniversary of Father Albert Lacombe's birth and a speech at the Alberta Legislature Building as a member of National Committee for the Celebration of the Diamond Jubilee of Confederation that commemorated the importance and the achievements of the	the	DET	Fathers	PROPN	 Fathers
Chantal turned to the east and gained a weak outflow with cirrus clouds. The structure changed little over the next 24 hours, until becoming disorganized on the night of the 12th. Chantal was downgraded to a tropical storm around the same time. Overnight, all convection	convection	NOUN	in	ADP	 in
This dispersal resulted in few fast ships being available to escort the Carrier Striking Force, reducing the number of anti aircraft guns protecting the carriers. Nimitz calculated that the aircraft on his three carriers, plus those on Midway Island, gave the U.S. rough parity with Yamamoto	Yamamoto	PROPN	's	PART	's
James believed Rolo Tomassi had much more of an opportunity to experiment in the studio and try things they had never tried before. However, James had commented that the recording of the album in his house revealed to be a stressful decision. An example of this was	was	AUX	were	AUX	 were
[Thus it covered] a large and important section of the city of Manchester. J. M. W. Turner sketched the tower of St John's and two nearby church spires in 1831. The sketch is in the Tate's collection. Although contemporary sources such as the	the	DET	Manchester	PROPN	 Manchester
She received a bachelor's degree from the university in 1918, aged 17, and graduated again with a master's degree in chemistry when she was 19, making her the university's youngest graduate with a master's degree at the time. In 1919, she	she	PRON	began	VERB	 began
It originally aired on NBC in the United States on January 27, 1994. In the episode, Pembleton and Bayliss investigate the S & M related murder of a young woman, which forces an uncomfortable Bayliss to confront his darker side. Meanwhile, Lewis is disturbed	disturbed	VERB	when	SCONJ	 when
In addition to claims of vote dilution, courts have considered vote denial claims brought under Section 2. The Supreme Court, in Richardson v. Ramirez (1974), held that felony disenfranchisement laws can not violate Section 2 because, among other reasons, Section 2 of	of	ADP	the	DET	 the
In September 2007, Senator Charles Schumer questioned Michael J. Sullivan, nominated to be the director of the Bureau of Alcohol, Tobacco, Firearms and Explosives (ATF), at a Senate Judiciary Committee hearing looking into why the NYPD's request for information on who had	had	AUX	sold	VERB	 sold
After this success, Fiasco's first single " Kick, Push " was released earlier than expected. The song was a love story about two people sharing a passion for skateboarding, a topic generally not discussed in hip hop. Fiasco explained, " [Skateboarding culture	culture	NOUN	is	AUX	 is
She finished third in the Women ’ s S13 100 Butterfly event with a personal best time of 1: 08.24. At the 2008 Beijing Games, she competed in six events and did not win a medal. In 2010, Van Roosmalen competed at the Australian short	short	ADJ	course	NOUN	 course
Soon (sometime in autumn of 534) Emperor Justinian also invested Solomon with the civil office of praetorian prefect as well, replacing the aged Archelaus. In the meantime, the Moors had invaded Byzacena and defeated the local Byzantine garrison, killing its commanders, Gainas and	and	CCONJ	Rufinus	PROPN	 Rufinus
Long passing loops to hold freight trains while passenger trains overtake them were built at Lenham Heath and Singlewell. Freight trains operated by EWS first ran over CTRL Section 1, on the consecutive evenings of 3 – 4 April 2004. Five freight trains that would have run	run	VERB	via	ADP	 via
The Biscayne Bay Coastal Wetlands Project (BBCW) is a CERP component specifically intended to redistribute water flow so that fresh water is introduced gradually through creeks and marshes rather than short, heavy discharges through drainage canals. Native Americans were present in lower Florida 10,000 years ago	ago	ADV	,	PUNCT	,
In order to build up his army, he strove to gain a monopoly over the cotton and olive oil trade of the southern Levant, including Jabal Nablus, which was a major producer of both crops. In 1771, during the Egyptian Mamluk invasion of Syria,	,	PUNCT	Zahir	PROPN	 Zahir
Jepko, who had run a telephone talk show out of KSL in Salt Lake City for years, so determinedly avoided controversy that some callers simply talked about the weather where they lived. Jepko was briefly succeeded by Long John Nebel, before Mutual tapped a local talk	talk	NOUN	show	NOUN	 show
New chief prosecutor Peter Blanken indicated that authorities had investigated the latest story, and had dismissed it. Blanken stated that " The locations, names, and times he gave just did not make sense ". Underwater searches were conducted by Aruban authorities in March 2010 after	after	SCONJ	an	DET	 an
Author Leslie C. Dunn wrote in her book Embodied Voices, that the autobiographical nature of the song brought forth a new side of Madonna. Sharing the same view, Freya Jarman Ivens, one of the authors of Madonna's Drowned Worlds, declared " Oh Father "	"	PUNCT	as	ADP	 as
Binkleman goes on to say that the song " Into the Big Blue " should instantly call Aaron Copland to mind – it has the same BIG orchestral / cinematic sound to it, along with Copland esque western rhythm and melodic motifs. Similarly, Debbage states that this	this	DET	song	NOUN	 song
The raising of the flag said to the crew the following: " The fate of Imperial Japan hangs on this one battle; all hands will exert themselves and do their best. " The Z flag was also raised on the aircraft carrier Akagi on the eve of	of	ADP	the	DET	 the
She has collaborated with the fashion brand Vero Moda to launch two clothing lines for the company, named Marquee and Venice Cruise, in 2015 and 2016, respectively. Ranaut has been the recipient of three National Film Awards: Best Supporting Actress for Fashion (2008)	)	PUNCT	and	CCONJ	 and
On May 30, Stivetts started both games of a doubleheader in a home series versus the Philadelphia Athletics. Due to large leads by the Browns, he was pulled from each game; lasting two innings in the first and six in the second. Stivetts won each	each	PRON	of	ADP	 of
Robert Copsey from Digital Spy gave the song two stars out of five, stating that the song is a " polar opposite to the slew of Euro club bangers entering this year's contest, " but applaud Tyler for entering the Eurovision Song Contest with the contrasting song	song	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
Dover served on the USEF Dressage Committee for many years, and spent eight years on the US Olympic Committee Athlete Advisory Council. In late 2009, Dover was selected as a Technical / Coach Advisor for the Canadian dressage team, with a contract that extended through the	the	DET	2010	NUM	 2010
As the deluxe edition leaked in full, Lederman was charged by Israel's Magistrate Court on four counts: computer trespassing, prohibited secret monitoring and additional computer trespassing, copyright Infringement, and obstructing investigation. The investigation also revealed that Lederman was the one who had leaked	leaked	VERB	the	DET	 the
It proposed a large development in the southern Milton Keynes district of Denbigh North, including a 30,000 capacity football stadium, a 150,000 square foot (13,935 m2) Asda hypermarket, an IKEA store, a hotel, a conference centre, and a retail park. The	The	DET	plan	NOUN	 plan
Rupert Davies as John Lowes. Appearing as Dwyer's uncle, Witchfinder was only one of several horror films the British character actor found himself in during the later stage of his career. Davies was not pleased when he discovered that the filming of his torture scenes was	was	AUX	to	PART	 to
On 22 February 1979, the country gained independence from the United Kingdom, retaining the then reigning monarch, Elizabeth II, as monarch of the newly created monarchy of Saint Lucia. The monarch is represented in the country by the Governor General of Saint Lucia, currently	currently	ADV	Dame	PROPN	 Dame
He worked on the album between 1994 and 1995 at Electric Lady Studios, RPM, Sorcerer, and Chung King Studios in New York City, and CRC Studios in Chicago. The record's music features a mellow, groove based sound with elements of funk, jazz	jazz	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
A rookie pay scale was introduced, with salary increases tied to how early a player was selected in the NBA Draft. The Larry Bird exception was retained, though maximum annual pay raises were capped. New " average " and " median " salary cap exemptions,	,	PUNCT	which	PRON	 which
" At one time, an effigy was burned at his door, and it was said that Toulmin could have suffered the same fate, but for assistance from his friends. During Toulmin's ministry, the poet Samuel Taylor Coleridge occasionally preached at the chapel while staying	staying	VERB	at	ADP	 at
An article from the online automotive publication The Truth About Cars indicates that when the Volt is charged and driven daily exclusively on its available electric power for its EPA rated 38 miles of all electric range (13,780 mi (22,180 km) annually) the payback period for	for	ADP	the	DET	 the
[7] Later, extravaganzas took elements of burlesque performances, which were satiric and parodic productions that were very popular at the end of the 19th century. [8] Like the extravaganza and the burlesque, the variety show was a comic and ribald production,	,	PUNCT	popular	ADJ	 popular
The designs of the album artwork were later brought to life by Takashi Murakami through the use of cel shaded animation within a three minute animated music video for " Good Morning ". While hosting a listening session for his second studio album Late Registration on August 3,	,	PUNCT	2005	NUM	 2005
Translations have been published in Danish and Chinese. In 2009, the Folio Society published an edition with an introduction by Julian Barnes and colour illustrations by Sophie MacCarthy together with Minton's original black and white illustrations. In this book, David acknowledged her debt to books	books	NOUN	published	VERB	 published
In one of the comedy scenes, M. S. Narayana is seen performing spoofs of Yamadonga (2007), Magadheera (2009), Simha (2010) and Enthiran (2010). According to K. Moti Gokulsing and Wimal Dissanayake, authors of the book Routledge Handbook	Handbook	PROPN	of	ADP	 of
From 120 / 3, England lost their remaining wickets for 85, but that is perhaps less surprising than the fact that off spinner Roger Harper took three of them. A lion hearted response by the England bowlers, led by Neil Foster (5 / 64)	)	PUNCT	,	PUNCT	,
Defence was struck by several heavy caliber shells from the German dreadnoughts. One salvo penetrated the ship's ammunition magazines and, in a massive explosion, destroyed the cruiser. As Warrior limped away to the west, the Queen Elizabeth class battleships of the 5th Battle Squadron	Squadron	PROPN	joined	VERB	 joined
In April 1944, Gollob was transferred to the personal staff of General der Jagdflieger Galland, to advise on the development of the Me 262 jet and Messerschmitt Me 163 rocket aircraft projects. Gollob quarrelled with Galland in September and was transferred to Kommando der Erprobungstellen (headquarters	headquarters	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
With an estimated mortality rate of 14 – 40%, pulmonary contusion plays a key role in determining whether an individual will die or suffer serious ill effects as the result of trauma. Pulmonary contusion is usually accompanied by other injuries. Although associated injuries are often the	the	DET	cause	NOUN	 cause
" Regarding the World Tag Team match, Clevett thought it " should have been held off a month " since " it really doesn ’ t mean much so soon after the title change. " However, he felt the " four men worked hard and it was	was	AUX	a	DET	 a
He was instrumental in setting the template for future members of the Regiment. " In his seventies, Large, along with Pete Scholey, returned to the Borneo jungle as part of a 2003 Channel 4 documentary about the history of the SAS, taking the camera crew	crew	NOUN	to	ADP	 to
Thunderbirds, Lady Penelope and Captain Scarlet and Thunderbirds annuals were published in the late 1960s; during the same period, eight original novels were written. In 2008, FTL Publications of Minnesota launched a new series of tie in novels. Between 1965 and 1967, APF	APF	PROPN	Records	PROPN	 Records
He felt the World Tag Team Championship match was an " OK tag match. " As for the World X Cup, Caldwell stated that the third round bout was " entertaining yet quite long " and that the " crowd was super into Sabin and Shelley. "	"	PUNCT	He	PRON	 He
These basic values are then modified by other factors like position of the piece (for example, advanced pawns are usually more valuable than those on their initial squares), coordination between pieces (for example, a pair of bishops usually coordinate better than a bishop and	and	CCONJ	a	DET	 a
The following day, the fleet departed for Constantinople for repairs in preparation to engage the Italian fleet. Nevertheless, the bulk of the Ottoman fleet, including Barbaros Hayreddin, remained in port for the duration of the war. By the end of the war, Barbaros	Barbaros	PROPN	Hayreddin	PROPN	 Hayreddin
The bushy tail, brown to black on the outside, has white insides (except in O. o. hastata, that has a completely black tail). The subspecies show some variation in colouration; O. o. ourebi is a rich rufous, while O. o. hastata is	is	AUX	yellower	ADJ	 yellower
Arab tax collectors would mock Zoroastrians for wearing Kushti and would rip it off, hanging the cord around the necks of the beleaguered faithful. Due to corruption of the tax officials, at times twice and even three times the official figure would be collected, because every	every	DET	intermediary	NOUN	 intermediary
Other changes in the syntax of modern Nahuatl include the use of Spanish prepositions instead of native postpositions or relational nouns and the reinterpretation of original postpositions / relational nouns into prepositions. In the following example, from Michoacán Nahual, the postposition -ka meaning " with " appears	appears	VERB	used	VERB	 used
Abuse can occur alongside the required factors but on its own does not explain attachment disorder. Experiences of abuse are associated with the development of disorganised attachment, in which the child prefers a familiar caregiver, but responds to that person in an unpredictable and somewhat bizarre way	way	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
Before formal Hall, the following Latin grace is recited by one of the student bible clerks. The translation is reputedly by Erasmus in his Convivium Religiosum of a grace recorded by St John Chrysostom: Benedicte Deus, qui pascis nos a juventute nostra et praebes cibum omni	omni	PROPN	carni	PROPN	 carni
Bostock, thought to be " among the Air Force's best brains " at the time, was believed by himself (and Jones) to be the leading candidate for the position. The suggestion even arose that Jones ' selection was a mistake, based on the	the	DET	government	NOUN	 government
In April 1963, when a Bristol bus company was refusing to employ black staff, Constantine visited the city and spoke to the press about the issue. His intervention assisted in a speedy resolution of the affair which, according to Mason, was crucial in persuading the	the	DET	British	ADJ	 British
The country was bombed by the Allies on 27 June 1944, killing at least 35. The Sammarinese government declared the same day that no military installations or equipment were located on its territory, and that no belligerent forces had been allowed to enter. In early July	July	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
He indulges in what Watterson calls " pop psychobabble " to justify his destructive rampages and shift blame to his parents, citing " toxic codependency. " In one instance, he pens a book report based on the theory that the purpose of academic writing is to "	"	PUNCT	inflate	VERB	 inflate
Huebner considered the most important external relationship was with a small start up company called Oholoko, which produced cinematic movies for the game's story elements and endings. Nihilistic met with various computer animation firms but their prices were too expensive for the project budget. Redemption was	was	AUX	officially	ADV	 officially
Some accounts give inflated casualty figures; for example, W. H. Rideing in 1896 asserts that " five hundred and sixty two persons perished ". After a week of reports chiefly concerned with survival accounts and tributes, on October 18 The New York Times turned to "	"	PUNCT	Lessons	NOUN	 Lessons
Robert F. Overmyer Robert A. Parker C. Gordon Fullerton The insignia's most prominent feature is an image of the Greek sun god Apollo backdropped by a rendering of an American eagle, the red bars on the eagle mirroring those on the flag of the United States. Three	Three	NUM	white	ADJ	 white
He missed the group's US tour as a result, after not missing a show in 20 years. Also in mid 2011, The Wiggles celebrated their 20th anniversary with circus themed shows and performances throughout Australia and the outback in a circus tent, as well as	as	ADP	a	DET	 a
I hope that doesn't imply that I wanted to make a superficial record, because it's not. I want people to smile when they hear this record. I wanted it to put a smile on my face, too. The first three songs that were	were	AUX	written	VERB	 written
The Rodrigues solitaire became extinct because of the introduction of feral cats and heavy hunting by the human population. Although the dodo became extinct earlier, the causes of extinction are related and involve the introduction of animals and hunting. Like many animals that evolved in isolation from	from	ADP	significant	ADJ	 significant
Barbara Holsopple, TV and radio editor for the Pittsburgh Press, noted that " ABC did a gutsy turnabout in taking the heavy drama out of a hospital and replacing it with comedy. The venture worked well, thanks to excellent performances from the Temperatures Rising cast "	"	PUNCT	.	PUNCT	.
In rural areas peasant women could enjoy a better standard of living than ever before, but the amount of work being done by women may have increased. Many other women travelled to the towns and cities, to the point where they outnumbered men in some settlements.	.	PUNCT	There	ADV	 There
Following the Third Circuit's decision, Heffernan petitioned the Supreme Court for certiorari, requesting they hear the case. After the Court considered both Heffernan's petition and the city's reply, it granted the petition on the first day of the 2015 term. Both parties	parties	NOUN	consented	VERB	 consented
is considered pivotal in giving prominence to extreme metal. AllMusic's Steve Huey recognized the record as a notable achievement in the band's history, and called it a " classic of early thrash ". Similarly, Chad Bowar of About.com said that the album captured Megadeth	Megadeth	PROPN	in	ADP	 in
In Canada, the film was released by Astral Films and Criterion Pictures Corporation, and made C $1,845,000 by the end of 1985. It was the year's highest grossing release in that market, followed by Disney's One Magic Christmas and a Quebec production called	called	VERB	Le	PROPN	 Le
Bradman initially struggled against the English bowling. He faced his first ball from Coxon and inside edged it past his leg stump, before missing the third ball from Coxon and surviving a loud appeal for leg before wicket (lbw). Bowling from the other end,	,	PUNCT	Bedser	PROPN	 Bedser
Gilbert declined but offered a compromise that Sullivan ultimately accepted: the two would write a light opera for the Savoy, and at the same time, Sullivan could work on a grand opera that Carte would produce at a new theatre he was planning to build to present	present	VERB	British	ADJ	 British
Forest Avenue became NY 952P, an unsigned reference route. Although the entirety of NY 380 was now maintained by Chautauqua County, save for the portion that overlapped US 20 in Brocton, the NY 380 designation remained in place until August 7, 1980, when it	it	PRON	was	AUX	 was
As can be seen, the peregrine is still genetically close to the hierofalcons, though their lineages diverged in the Late Pliocene (maybe some 2.5 – 2 mya in the Gelasian). Numerous subspecies of Falco peregrinus have been described, with 19 accepted by the 1994	1994	NUM	Handbook	PROPN	 Handbook
The gaits are subject to particular observation in all stallions, and during the three year old inspections, they must perform a dressage test, a cross country jumping test, a test on the longe line and a physical inspection. The Mérens has one of the most	most	ADV	stringent	ADJ	 stringent
Bolton were playing in their second League Cup Final, having lost the 1995 edition 2 – 1 to Liverpool. Middlesbrough too had never previously won the competition: in 1997 they lost the final after extra time in a replay against Leicester City, and a year later	later	ADV	they	PRON	 they
Oldham's textile industry fell into decline in the mid 20th century; the town's last mill closed in 1998. The demise of textile processing in Oldham depressed the local economy. Today Oldham is a predominantly residential town, and a centre for further education and the	the	DET	performing	VERB	 performing
A similarly negative assessment published in The China Weekly Review observed that " A Chinese might easily write a similar book and by emphasizing the activities of the Capones and Dillingers, the bootleggers, kidnappers and racketeers, prove to his own satisfaction at least that the Americans constituted	constituted	VERB	a	DET	 a
The storyline was criticised by watchdogs, but Taylor defended it, calling it educational. Toyah began a relationship with Spider Nugent (Martin Hancock) in 1999, which lasted until Hancock's departure in July 2000. The following year, the character was the focus of	of	ADP	one	NUM	 one
" In May 2008, Paolini posted a video message on his website stating that in the book, Eragon will meet " a new, rather terrifying enemy " that " likes to laugh, but not in a good way. " A third and final spoiler was	was	AUX	released	VERB	 released
The team had left out substantial amounts of information from the show, printing them in a booklet of the final DVD package. Karas is set in a fictional version of Shinjuku, Tokyo. The show initially showcased larger areas of Tokyo, but the production team felt	felt	VERB	other	ADJ	 other
The music of the song was featured in the romantic comedy film I Could Never Be Your Woman (2007), where Saoirse Ronan, as Izzie Mensforth, sings an altered version of the lyrics in a talent show. It also made a predominant appearance as the	the	DET	opener	NOUN	 opener
Along with business partner Maverick Carter, James owns production company SpringHill Entertainment, whose first work was the Lions Gate documentary More Than a Game, released in 2009 and chronicling James ' high school years. Series produced by SpringHill include the Disney XD sports documentaries Becoming,	,	PUNCT	Starz	PROPN	 Starz
Indeed, their losses had been significant, and although claimed as a victory, the Americans had failed to secure the area even if the Viet Cong had temporarily surrendered control of the battlefield. Ultimately, the communists continued to use the Bien Hoa area as a major	major	ADJ	supply	NOUN	 supply
The last sighting with a description was in 1662, but a statistical analysis by Roberts and Solow found that the extinction of the dodo was in 1693. The Rodrigues solitaire was killed off later than the dodo. The IUCN uses an extinction date of 1778 for the	the	DET	solitaire	NOUN	 solitaire
There were no further major riots, although tension remained high in the inner city black neighborhoods. During the 1970s and 1980s, the U.S. steel industry came under increasing pressure from foreign competition and from American mini mills that had much lower overhead by using salvaged steel.	.	PUNCT	Manufacture	PROPN	 Manufacture
" Ray Bennett wrote for The Hollywood Reporter, " The Edukators is that rare beast, a terrific movie that boasts intelligent wit, expert storytelling, delightful characters and grown up dialogue plus suspense and a wicked surprise ending. " A. O. Scott of The New York	York	PROPN	Times	PROPN	 Times
Thompson brought Best into the Mersey. On 1 January 1794, Thomson spoke with a ship that was sailing for Botany Bay. The ship had encountered a French privateer, of 14 guns, which the British ship managed to drive off after an engagement that lasted almost	almost	ADV	two	NUM	 two
It is unknown how many free roaming horses were on the public lands at that time, and it is not clear if there were too many horses, or if the land was incurring damage due to the presence of the horses, but removal probably exceeded the animals	animals	NOUN	'	PART	 '
Following the release of Memoirs of an Imperfect Angel, she held four concerts at the Pearl Concert Theater, where she included the song on the set list. Similar to the performance at the Fashion Rocks ceremony, Carey was hoisted into the air several times by four	four	NUM	to	PART	 to
Many critics were barristers of the common law, ignorant of the court's workings, but some, such as Sir Samuel Romilly, had trained as a Chancery advocate and were well aware of the Chancery's procedure. The success of the Code Napoleon and the writings	writings	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
This method has now been largely replaced by fibre optic endoscopy, which carries a higher sensitivity and a lower frequency of errors. Capsule endoscopy (CE) allows identification of typical mucosal changes observed in coeliac disease but has a lower sensitivity compared to regular endoscopy and histology	histology	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
On July 27, 2013, " What Now " debuted at number 38 on the singles chart of the Wallonia region of Belgium. " What Now " was later serviced to radio in Australia as the fourth single from the album. It debuted at number 37 on	on	ADP	the	DET	 the
The specific epithet marsupialis comes from the Latin marsupium (" pocket "); it refers to a pocket like skin flap which extends along the midline of the back from the tail. In fact, it is this physical feature that distinguishes the springbok from true gazelles	gazelles	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
Facing a 3rd & 5 with 3: 24 left, his pass intended for Reggie Wayne was intercepted by Tracy Porter, who returned it 74 yards for a critical TD and 31 – 17 Saints lead. Manning drove the Colts down to the 5 yard line in	in	ADP	the	DET	 the
In modern collections, salvaged or collected birds may be preserved in a number of ways. The most traditional preparation is a study skin, in which almost all of the body inside the skin is removed and replaced with cotton so that the final result resembles a bird	bird	NOUN	lying	VERB	 lying
Montfichet's Tower was included in the sale, having also been destroyed by King John in 1213. The building of the priory required the Roman walls to be rerouted, and the military functions of the castle were taken up by a new " tower " in the	the	DET	river	NOUN	 river
Major Talaya's prolonged defence of Campo Maior gave Beresford's divisions time to arrive before the captured fortress had been slighted. On returning to Badajoz after his successful foray into Portugal, Mortier had left one infantry and three cavalry regiments at Campo Maior, under Latour Maubourg	Maubourg	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
Jared Berggren, Aaron Craft, Jordan Hulls and Zeller were first team All District selections placing them among the 40 candidates for the 15 man Academic All American team. On February 26, Oladipo, Zeller, Thomas, Paul, Burke and Berggren were among the top	top	ADJ	30	NUM	 30
Scott also enjoyed the film's realistic depiction of scientists at work, saying that Carruth had an " impressive feel for the odd, quiet rhythms of small scale research and development ". There was also praise for Carruth's ability to maintain high production values on a	a	DET	minuscule	ADJ	 minuscule
The 800 company owned stores had become unprofitable by 1978. Heublein promoted Michael A. Miles to run the chain in 1977 and Miles is credited with saving the ailing company by instituting its back to basics formula. Miles refurbished the stores, and introduced indoor seating and drive	drive	VERB	thru	ADJ	 thru
The line was then to run on an embankment south of Old Oak Common and Wormwood Scrubs before connecting to the WLR a short distance to the north of the CLR's depot. Construction work did not begin immediately, and, in 1911, the CLR and GWR	GWR	PROPN	agreed	VERB	 agreed
Although Charles Spencer of The Daily Telegraph described it as " at times... a bit of a mess, " he praised Holzman's script, described Kenneth Posner's lighting design as " magical " and lauded Menzel's Elphaba and Helen Dallimore's Glinda. Michael Billington	Billington	PROPN	of	ADP	 of
Other fruit is also sought after, and currawongs have been known to raid orchards, eating apples, pears, strawberries, grapes, stone fruit, citrus, and corn. Pied currawongs have been responsible for the spread of the invasive ornamental Asparagus aethiopicus (often called	called	VERB	A.	NOUN	 A.
" Joyce showed no particular resentment at his exclusion; he assisted the preparatory work and accompanied the polar party on the southward march for the first seven days. In the following months he took charge of enhancing the depots, to ensure adequate supplies for the returning southern	southern	ADJ	party	NOUN	 party
The soles of its paws are nearly bare and covered with strong pads. The fossa has very flexible ankles that allow it to readily grasp tree trunks so as to climb up or down trees head first or to leap to another tree. Captive juveniles have been known	known	VERB	to	PART	 to
' " Thompson tried to reassure the public that there was " nothing discriminatory about [himself] at all. " Afterwards, he finished second in a poll of state convention members from Wisconsin, with 84 of the 306 members polled, trailing Fred Thompson who received	received	VERB	95	NUM	 95
For this purpose, he gave his papers to Duke University. Jay Luuvas, a historian there, published his letters in 1972 as Dear Miss Em: General Eichelberger's War in the Pacific 1942 – 1945. However, Eichelberger maintained his warm wartime relationship with Herring	Herring	PROPN	.	PUNCT	.
The Simpson family attends a prison rodeo where Marge meets Jack Crowley, a convict whom she believes to have great artistic potential after becoming impressed with his work. She later teaches a class on being an artist to the prisoners and befriends Jack. With Marge's help	help	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
Horse racing was a popular outdoor past time. In addition to these leisurely activities, festivals and fairs were frequent and entertainment by traveling troupes of acrobats, dancers, dramatists and musicians was often provided. Schools and hospitals are mentioned in records and these were built in	in	ADP	the	DET	 the
The official remix features vocals from rapper Lil Wayne and a slightly different beat, produced by Jim Jonsin. The song was released in North America on 2 October 2007 to mixed reviews from critics. It was released in the United Kingdom and Ireland on 7 April 2008	2008	NUM	.	PUNCT	.
Craig Pickering, an Olympic sprinter and bobsleigher, was born in the town. Gareth Southgate (who was manager of Middlesbrough F.C. and a former England international) attended the town's Hazelwick School. Daley Thompson used facilities in Crawley to train for the Olympics in 1980	1980	NUM	and	CCONJ	 and
Mostow draws a gargoyle and claims it made him kill. Mulder meets with Patterson, his former mentor, who has spent three years on the case. The relationship between the two is tense, and Patterson is skeptical of Mulder's theories. Mulder and Scully go	go	VERB	to	ADP	 to
A salutary warning: too much effort can be counterproductive. " The whole of the second sentence represents the ablative phrase starting with " memorabili praecepto ". Pliny wrote the first ten books in AD 77, and was engaged on revising the rest during the two remaining	remaining	VERB	years	NOUN	 years
U.S. Deputy Secretary of State Jim Steinberg accompanied by Stephen Bosworth, the U.S. special envoy on North Korea, led a U.S. delegation to Asia on 1 June 2009 to consult regional forces on how to respond to North Korea's latest nuclear test. The delegation also includes	includes	VERB	Stuart	PROPN	 Stuart
WASP 4 and WASP 5 are solar type yellow stars around 1000 light years distant and of 13th magnitude, each with a single planet larger than Jupiter. WASP 29 is an orange dwarf of spectral type K4V and visual magnitude 11.3, which has a planetary companion of	of	ADP	similar	ADJ	 similar
Torres started his career with Atlético Madrid, progressing through their youth system to the first team squad. He made his first team debut in 2001 and finished his time at the club having scored 75 goals in 174 La Liga appearances. Prior to his La Liga debut	debut	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
She gave much of her first Nobel Prize money to friends, family, students, and research associates. In an unusual decision, Curie intentionally refrained from patenting the radium isolation process, so that the scientific community could do research unhindered. She insisted that monetary gifts	gifts	NOUN	and	CCONJ	 and
A 2.0 litre Family II engine was also offered for some export markets including New Zealand and Singapore where it was sold as the Holden Berlina. Accompanying the changes to engines, the VL's four speed automatic transmission was replaced by the Turbo Hydramatic and a Borg Warner	Warner	PROPN	five	NUM	 five
On 3 October New Jersey fired on targets south of Tiger Island, and on 4 October the battleship fired on a Communist troop concentration and destroyed several bunkers. On the evening of 7 October New Jersey received reports that a number of waterborne logistics craft were moving south	south	ADV	near	ADP	 near
The keel of the first ship was laid the following month and she was launched on 14 April 1863. The ship was commissioned on 12 September 1863 with the name of Missouri, after the high water season on the Red River had ended. Lieutenant Commander Charles Fauntleroy	Fauntleroy	PROPN	was	AUX	 was
(1976). " Expenditures and receipts at Fort Pitt, PA., October 27, 1779 to December 31, 1781, as copied from the ledger used by John Boreman, [Deputy] Paymaster General [of the Western Department], Continental Army.	.	PUNCT	"	PUNCT	 "
Accordingly, their claim was denied. By way of compensation, the Royal Commission on Awards to Inventors eventually awarded Webley & Scott £1250 for their work. RSAF Enfield proved unable to manufacture enough No. 2 revolvers to meet the military's wartime demands, and	and	CCONJ	as	ADP	 as
" Gilbert prepared meticulously for each new work, making models of the stage, actors and set pieces, and designing every action and bit of business in advance. Gilbert would not work with actors who challenged his authority. Even during long runs and revivals, Gilbert	Gilbert	PROPN	closely	ADV	 closely
Tone 1 (basic form) shiue, chuan, chang, hai, bau (xuē, chuān, chāng, hāi, bāo) Tone 2: i / u → y / w; or add -r shyue, chwan, charng, hair, baur (	(	PUNCT	xué	PROPN	xué
He developed a love of African history, listening to the tales told by elderly visitors to the palace, and became influenced by the anti imperialist rhetoric of the visiting Chief Joyi. At the time he nevertheless considered the European colonialists not as oppressors but as benefactors who	who	PRON	had	AUX	 had
" Most of the victimized children who face prostitution are vulnerable children who are exploited. Many predators target runaways, sexual assault victims, and children who have been harshly neglected by their biological parents. Not only have they faced traumatic violence that affects their physical being,	,	PUNCT	but	CCONJ	 but
Though his position for the majority of his career was in defence, his offensive ability and speed meant that his teams occasionally played him at forward. At times, the Flames had him playing 30 minutes per game as he was often used at centre while also taking	taking	VERB	regular	ADJ	 regular
Costs were similar. A brand new aircraft carrier was estimated at $27.1 million. Conversion of a Lexington class was $22.4 million, not counting the $6.7 million already sunk into them. Added together, the figure rose to $28.1 million. The bottom	bottom	ADJ	line	NOUN	 line
Earth closets were usually housed in a separate building from the main structure and were well ventilated. As with the pail system, earth closet containers were designed to be emptied frequently. The earth closet was popular and was used in private houses, military camps, hospitals	hospitals	NOUN	and	CCONJ	 and
It was there he became acquainted with General Petro Grigorenko, a fellow inmate. In December 1965, Bukovsky helped prepare a demonstration on Pushkin Square in central Moscow to protest against the trial of the writers Andrei Sinyavsky and Yuli Daniel. He circulated the " Civic Appeal	Appeal	PROPN	"	PUNCT	 "
It starred Rajalakshmi and the gypsy dancer Jhansi Bai. In a 2015 interview with The Times of India, Rajalakshmi's daughter Kamala stated that during the film's release, " people in Madras used to stand outside theatres for a distance of about 4 5 km to	to	PART	witness	VERB	 witness
The scene with the " Homer is a dope " T shirts originally had an extra line: " I told you, we're sold out! ", thus filling in the plot error in the actual episode in which Homer asks for some T shirts, despite	despite	SCONJ	just	ADV	 just
Although most fights do not lead to serious injury, there have been records of broken jaws, broken necks, and even deaths. After a duel, it is common for two male giraffes to caress and court each other. Such interactions between males have been found	found	VERB	to	PART	 to
In its UK airing on Sky One on January 8, 2008, the episode was watched by approximately 485,000 viewers, making the series the most watched series of the week, even beating The Simpsons. IGN's Tory Ireland Mell gave the episode an " incredible "	"	PUNCT	rating	NOUN	 rating
The secondary battery plotting rooms were down below the waterline and inside the armor belt. They contained four complete sets of fire control equipment needed to aim and shoot at four targets. Each set included a Mark 1A computer, a Mark 6 Stable Element, FC Radar	Radar	PROPN	controls	NOUN	 controls
Produced by Rob Cohen and directed by Sidney Lumet, The Wiz stars Diana Ross, Michael Jackson, Nipsey Russell, Ted Ross, Mabel King, Theresa Merritt, Thelma Carpenter, Lena Horne, and Richard Pryor. The film's story was reworked from William F.	F.	PROPN	Brown	PROPN	 Brown
Once again the Blades quickly responded to the setback by beating fellow promotion rivals MK Dons 2 – 1 at Bramall Lane, but then conspired to throw away yet more points, allowing Exeter City to come from behind twice in the closing minutes of the next game to	to	PART	snatch	VERB	 snatch
He headlines the Legend of Captain Jack Sparrow attraction at Disney's Hollywood Studios, and is the subject of spin off novels, including a children's book series Pirates of the Caribbean: Jack Sparrow, which chronicles his teenage years. Captain Jack Sparrow first appears in	in	ADP	The	DET	 The
In 1875 the Longstreet family left New Orleans with concerns over health and safety, returning to Gainesville, Georgia. By this time Louise had given birth to ten children, five of whom lived to adulthood. He applied for various jobs through the Rutherford B. Hayes administration	administration	NOUN	and	CCONJ	 and
They would, however, have been 2 knots (3.7 km / h; 2.3 mph) slower than the Revenge class ships as they were to be provided with only 31,000 shaft horsepower (23,000 kW) rather than the 40,000 shp (30,000 kW) of their	their	PRON	predecessors	NOUN	 predecessors
" The tour ended shortly after the release of Blink 182 on November 21, 2003, at local San Diego venue SOMA. An additional concert at the Phoenix Concert Theatre on December 2, 2003, was held in Toronto, Canada with My Chemical Romance as the	the	DET	opener	NOUN	 opener
The largest known Gorgosaurus femur measured 105 cm (41 in) long. In several smaller specimens of Gorgosaurus, the tibia was longer than the femur, a proportion typical of fast running animals. The two bones were of equal length in the largest specimens. The	The	DET	long	ADJ	 long
For example, Dicyphus hesperus is used to control whitefly on tomatoes but also sucks sap, and if deprived of plant tissues will die even if in the presence of whiteflies. Other hemipterans have positive uses for humans, such as in the production of the dyestuff carmine	carmine	PROPN	(	PUNCT	 (
The minimum number of identical capsomeres required is twelve, each composed of five identical sub units. Many viruses, such as rotavirus, have more than twelve capsomers and appear spherical but they retain this symmetry. Capsomeres at the apices are surrounded by five other capsomeres and	and	CCONJ	are	AUX	 are
To the east of this are the remains of the Stag House (53.32211° N 2.05374° W ﻿ / 53.32211; -2.05374). To the left of the house in Lantern Wood is a belvedere known as the Lantern (53.33842° N 2.04333° W ﻿	﻿	NOUN	/	SYM	 /
Harrison was appointed to the position, and frequently acted as governor during the absences of Governor Arthur St. Clair. Harrison had many friends in the elite eastern social circles, and quickly gained a reputation among them as a frontier leader. He ran a successful horse breeding	breeding	NOUN	enterprise	NOUN	 enterprise
Rhesus factor, also known as Rhesus D (RhD) antigen, is an antigen found on red blood cells; individuals that are Rhesus positive (Rh +) have this antigen on their red blood cells and individuals that are Rhesus negative (Rh –) do	do	VERB	not	PART	 not
When the Pennsylvania Turnpike opened on October 25, 1940, the Sideling Hill Tunnel was one of the seven original tunnels along the highway, six of which were built from the old railroad tunnels from the 1880s. The Allegheny Mountain Tunnel was constructed from scratch rather than	than	ADP	from	ADP	 from
Nichols said in September 2008 that " the modeling shoes have been hung up. " Nichols had done commercial work and had a bit part as a model in the romantic drama film Autumn in New York (2000) when her modeling agent helped her get a one	one	NUM	episode	NOUN	 episode
Without federal support and with no tax base, the situation became dire. The tribe closed the hospital, sold its utility company, and contracted those services to neighboring counties. The Menominee Enterprises, Inc., formed to care for the tribe's needs after termination,	,	PUNCT	was	AUX	 was
The sculptures on the northern bridgehouses were commissioned by William Wrigley, Jr., and are by James Earle Fraser: The Discoverers depicts Louis Joliet, Jacques Marquette, René Robert Cavelier, Sieur de La Salle and Henri de Tonti; The Pioneers depicts John Kinzie leading a	a	DET	group	NOUN	 group
Resident Evil 5 received positive reviews. Although the game was praised for its graphics and gameplay, it was criticized for issues with its controls. Corey Cohen of Official Xbox Magazine complimented the game's fast pace, and called the graphics " gorgeous ". It was	was	AUX	praised	VERB	 praised
At home, Patrick is typically depicted either sleeping, watching TV, or engaged in the " art of doing nothing ", at which he is an expert. All the furnishings in the space under his rock are made of sand, and Patrick can simply opt	opt	VERB	to	PART	 to
This improved her singles ranking to a new high of world No. 5, but worsen her doubles ranking to No. 4 on 20 September. The following week, at the China Open in Beijing, Kuznetsova defeated Wimbledon champion Sharapova in the semifinals to extend her	her	PRON	winning	VERB	 winning
He has a violent temper, and is given to pulling out a handgun (or crowbar) in order to settle disputes. He is a conspiracy theorist, stating that the Gulf War was all about oil and claims to have " dabbled " in pacifism. He	He	PRON	constantly	ADV	 constantly
Battery life therefore remained about the same as in previous models, at three plus hours. On October 14, 2008, in a press event at company headquarters, Apple officials announced a new 15 inch MacBook Pro featuring a " precision aluminum unibody enclosure " and tapered	tapered	VERB	sides	NOUN	 sides
One of the more dramatic examples of directional anisotropy is the diffusion of adatoms on channeled surfaces such as fcc (110), where diffusion along the channel is much faster than diffusion across the channel. Diffusion of adatoms may occur by a variety of mechanisms. The	The	DET	manner	NOUN	 manner
During most of the Middle Ages, the Byzantine Greeks identified themselves as Rhōmaîoi (Ῥωμαῖοι, " Romans ", meaning citizens of the Roman Empire), a term which in the Greek language had become synonymous with Christian Greeks. They also identified themselves as Graikoí (	(	PUNCT	Γραικοί	PROPN	Γραικοί
To indicate departures, the platforms are usually referred to as 2, 3 and 5. The tunnel portals are one end of the longest tunnel on the London Underground running 27.8 kilometres (17.3 mi) to East Finchley via the Bank branch. Refurbishment and improvement works	works	NOUN	completed	VERB	 completed
The promotion was a lottery to fly to New York held for 190 tickets valued at £5,400 each, to be offered at £10. Contestants had to call a special hotline to compete with up to 20 million people. On 10 April 2003, Air France	France	PROPN	and	CCONJ	 and
Secretions from the primary granules of neutrophils stimulate the phagocytosis of IgG antibody coated bacteria. Dendritic cells are specialized antigen presenting cells that have long outgrowths called dendrites, that help to engulf microbes and other invaders. Dendritic cells are present in the tissues that are in contact	contact	NOUN	with	ADP	 with
Combs created a merit system for state government workers, ensuring that officials could not be hired or fired for political reasons. This provision attracted more well qualified individuals to public service careers. Such careers were made even more attractive when, in 1962, the state courts	courts	NOUN	declared	VERB	 declared
Thousands of residents and tourists were in the region following the New Year's holiday. Meteorologists warned that the oceans would be increasingly dangerous and advised people not to venture into the water. Every lifeguard in Whangamata, as well as former lifeguards, were called in to	to	PART	assist	VERB	 assist
) also have a positive energy release for alpha decay; their alpha decays are predicted to occur but have not been observed. The element also has 18 nuclear isomers, with mass numbers of 133 to 142, 144, 148, 149, 152, and 154	154	NUM	(	PUNCT	 (
According to Ecclestone's biographer Terry Lovell, the heads of the other FOCA teams, led by Colin Chapman threatened to withdraw their support for Ecclestone unless he withdrew the BT46B. Ecclestone negotiated a deal within FOCA whereby the car would have continued for another three races before Brabham	Brabham	PROPN	would	AUX	 would
The alternate Batman tells him that if something ever happens, causing him to turn evil, he will hunt him down. As the two leave, the alternate Superman's eyes glow red, indicating that he still has some degree of his powers. The roster was	was	AUX	selected	VERB	 selected
I'm OK! " In Bobbie Ann Mason's 1985 novel In Country, the teenage protagonist recalls having watched the episode as a child and being " so shocked she went around stunned for days, " and confesses that Blake's death on the show had seemed	seemed	VERB	more	ADV	 more
This was followed up by Nani's third goal for the club three days later, when he scored against Glentoran in another 3 – 0 pre season win. Nani's Premier League debut came in United's opening match at home to Reading on 12 August as a	a	DET	substitute	NOUN	 substitute
While at Will and Emma's wedding, Kurt and Blaine hook up, leaving their relationship in a question, since Kurt is dating Adam, but not exclusive. When Kurt returns to New York, there is a snowstorm, leaving Kurt, Rachel, Santana,	,	PUNCT	and	CCONJ	 and
US 9 enters Sayreville, where it passes more suburban areas, interchanging with CR 673 and CR 615. A short distance after the latter, the road comes to a partial interchange with the Garden State Parkway at exit 123; this interchange only has access from the	the	DET	Parkway	PROPN	 Parkway
This can occur when a very hot, massive star reaches a point in its evolution when significant mass loss is occurring from its stellar wind. Highly massive stars (with 25 or more times the mass of the Sun) can lose up to 10 − 5 solar	solar	ADJ	masses	NOUN	 masses
By that time, however, Khrushchev had already begun the process of disengagement from Vietnam because of the growing conflict in the region was becoming more expensive for the Soviet Union, with North Vietnam relying more on it for large amounts of economic and military aid. The	The	DET	rift	NOUN	 rift
Jericho applied the Walls of Jericho, a submission hold that typically starts with the opponent laying supine on the mat, with the wrestler standing and facing them, though Michaels grabbed the bottom rope, causing Jericho to break the hold. Jericho attempted to perform the submission	submission	NOUN	move	NOUN	 move
Lincoln's reputation with clients gave rise to his nickname " Honest Abe. " Lincoln's most notable criminal trial occurred in 1858 when he defended William " Duff " Armstrong, who was on trial for the murder of James Preston Metzker. The case is famous for	for	ADP	Lincoln	PROPN	 Lincoln
Only a very few of his poems have appeared in anthologies, and with the exception of " Trees " — and to a much lesser extent " Rouge Bouquet " (1917 – 1918) — almost none have obtained lasting widespread popularity. The entire corpus of Kilmer	Kilmer	PROPN	's	PART	's
He also performed the song on the Dutch television show The Voice of Holland on January 21, 2011. On February 13, 2011 he performed the song live at the 2011 Grammy Awards, along with B.o. B. and Janelle Monáe. In Germany, Mars performed	performed	VERB	"	PUNCT	 "
He maintained that the youth of France were in danger of being abandoned by the government, and predicted unrest in the years to come. The story also explores Balzac's conviction that a person's name is a powerful indicator of his or her destiny, an idea	idea	NOUN	he	PRON	 he
Additionally, brain acetyl hydrolase (which has the same fold as a small G protein) has also been found to have this triad. The equivalent Serine Histidine Glutamate triad is used in acetylcholinesterase. The second most studied triad is the Cysteine Histidine Aspartate motif. Several	Several	ADJ	families	NOUN	 families
In 2007, there were 361 farmers, most of whom relied on irrigation to some extent, nine grain banks and one grain mill. There were 311 sedentary stock owners, 115 semi migratory and 65 practicing large scale migration, mostly to Mali. An estimate of	of	ADP	herd	NOUN	 herd
When assessing such a case, the court decides whether for a public authority to frustrate an expectation is so unfair that it amounts to an abuse of power. The court must weigh the requirements of fairness towards the individual against any overriding interests relied by the authorities to	to	PART	justify	VERB	 justify
In the series, he has been seen by critics, and intentionally portrayed by the filmmakers, as a symbolic representation of Jesus Christ. Tom Welling has been nominated for multiple Teen Choice and Saturn Awards for his portrayal of Clark Kent since the show's first season	season	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
The tyres are specially designed to minimize wasted energy when the tyre rolls and have been estimated by the California Energy Commission to save 1.5 – 4.5% of fuel in a typical car. At first Citroën decided not to offer their new automatic EGS6 gearbox version in the	the	DET	UK	PROPN	 UK
While many of these organizations worked with towns and states along the route to improve the roadways, others simply chose a route based on towns that were willing to pay dues, put up signs, and did little else. Wisconsin was the first state in the U.S.	U.S.	PROPN	to	PART	 to
After a court in Florida launched a child welfare investigation, she stated that the cloned child's parents had withdrawn their offer to provide evidence of the cloning and would have no further public comment. No evidence of the cloning, or subsequent procedures reported by Clonaid,	,	PUNCT	was	AUX	 was
The term appears five times in the Quran, but does not refer to the modern island — originally known to the Arabs as Awal — but rather to all of Eastern Arabia (most notably al Katif and al Hasa). Today, Bahrain's " two seas	seas	NOUN	"	PUNCT	 "
Ramarayaningar was born in a family of landlords. He belonged to the Telugu Velama community. Ramarayaningar's family patronised Brahmins and the Raja had his early education in the household of Calamur Sundara Sastri, the father in law of C. P. Ramaswami Iyer. He completed his	his	PRON	schooling	NOUN	 schooling
His initial attempts to resign as Chief Justice were declined by the King, but when Hale applied for a writ of ease the King reluctantly allowed him to retire on 20 February 1676, granting him a pension of £1,000 a year. He was replaced as Chief	Chief	PROPN	Justice	PROPN	 Justice
Morrow hinted that their challenge was to perform a stunt that would " make Osama bin Laden feel a little incompetent ". On 6 September 2007, eight members of the team (including five runners dressed as bodyguards) and three hired chauffeurs manned a fake Canadian motorcade	motorcade	NOUN	consisting	VERB	 consisting
Li and her teammates received byes into the third round of the singles tournament. Asked if she stood a chance of winning any more medals, she said: " I will try my best in every match. I definitely hope to win one more medal for Singapore	Singapore	PROPN	.	PUNCT	.
Law Center student Sandra Fluke petitioned the university to change its health insurance policy to include coverage for contraception for three years prior to addressing the issue before the House Democratic Steering and Policy Committee in 2012. Though the remarks Rush Limbaugh subsequently directed at Fluke were criticized by	by	ADP	Georgetown	PROPN	 Georgetown
The wide mouth is terminally placed and has furrows at the corners. There are 10 tooth rows on either side of both jaws, separated by a gap in the middle; the teeth are small, narrow, and pointed. There are five pairs of gill slits	slits	NOUN	located	VERB	 located
Zombie chose songs that he liked, and that would enhance a given scene within the film. An official soundtrack for the film was released on August 25, 2009. In addition, an album featuring the music of psychobilly band Captain Clegg and the Night Creatures was	was	AUX	released	VERB	 released
German territorial losses resulted in the expulsion of circa 12 million of ethnic Germans from Eastern Europe. Germany ceded roughly one quarter of its pre war territory. Strategic bombing and land warfare destroyed many cities and cultural heritage sites. After World War II, former members of	of	ADP	the	DET	 the
The Kiev culture represented an intermediate level of development, between that of the cultures of the Central European Barbaricum, and the forest zone societies of the eastern part of the continent. The Kiev culture consisted of four local formations: The Middle Dnieper group, the Desna	Desna	PROPN	group	NOUN	 group
Some people do recover completely and others function well in society. Most people with schizophrenia live independently with community support. About 85% are unemployed. In people with a first episode of psychosis a good long term outcome occurs in 42%, an intermediate outcome in	in	ADP	35	NUM	 35
A mixed use building is located south of the pet hospital. The building, called The Daumier, is a 173,000 square foot mixed use building with student housing located at 3rd and Linden Street. The building was completed in June 2014, at an estimated cost of	of	ADP	$	SYM	 $
The characters — especially Edgar, Georg, and Kurt — are quite deliberately not developed in great detail, as noted by critics. " Characterization is not the point here. Müller is primarily a poet ", and this poetic interest likewise is said to explain the	the	DET	lack	NOUN	 lack
France wanted the PAF to purchase several Mirage 2000 9 fighters from the United Arab Emirates Air Force, which would overlap with the upgraded JF 17. In July 2010, the PAF's Chief of Air Staff, Air Chief Marshal Rao Qamar Suleman, said these reports	reports	NOUN	were	AUX	 were
At around 10: 00, support and reconnaissance troops of the 4th Company, schwere SS Panzer Abteilung 101 arrived and began to collect prisoners between the ridge and the town. Some of the British escaped and c. 30 got back to British lines. The 1 /	/	SYM	7th	PROPN	 7th
These parodies were criticized by the authors in a 2005 book about different forms of mobbing; this stirred a minor debate in the Norwegian media. Nonetheless, Hareide himself showed a video clip of one of the parodies when publicly announcing his stepdown from national politics at the	the	DET	2007	NUM	 2007
Tijori played Boney and was paired with Sabeeha. Khiladi was a commercial success. Tijori's next important role came with the Mansoor Khan directed coming of age sports drama Jo Jeeta Wohi Sikandar alongside Aamir Khan, in which Tijori played the role of Shekhar Malhotra, a	a	DET	successful	ADJ	 successful
The Ministry of Justice undertook a " review of executive Royal Prerogative powers " in October 2009. Former Labour MP and cabinet minister Tony Benn campaigned unsuccessfully for the abolition of the royal prerogative in the United Kingdom in the 1990s, arguing that all governmental powers in effect	effect	NOUN	exercised	VERB	 exercised
The two parties eventually reach a settlement where Chart House kept the Houston locations in their portfolio. In the early 1980s Chart House spun off its Burger King restaurants to focus on its higher end chains; its Burger King holding company, DiversiFoods, was eventually acquired by	by	ADP	Pillsbury	PROPN	 Pillsbury
Each type of chess piece has its own method of movement. A piece moves to a vacant square except when capturing an opponent's piece. Except for any move of the knight and castling, pieces can not jump over other pieces. A piece is captured (	(	PUNCT	or	CCONJ	or
The Moltalts were a prominent baronial family, but they had few other estates in the region and their family fortunes declined. In 1327, Roger de Montalt's younger brother, Robert, who was childless, sold the reversion of his rights in the castle to the	the	DET	Crown	PROPN	 Crown
The name Hillsgrove Covered Bridge can also refer to a now vanished covered bridge, also over Loyalsock Creek, but in the village of Hillsgrove. This stood from 1876 until 1934, when it was condemned and replaced by a steel and concrete structure. It was the	the	DET	third	ADJ	 third
His assignment there was to compile reports for the Canadian government on American television techniques, focusing on dramas, documentaries and outside broadcasts. One of Newman's reports on outside broadcasting was seen and admired by executives at the Canadian Broadcasting Corporation (CBC), and in	in	ADP	1952	NUM	 1952
The pieces of artwork that Siddell has posted at the end of each printed book, entitled " Treatise " and " Second Treatise, " demonstrate many such of Siddell's artistic and storytelling motifs: they integrate alchemical symbols, mythological figures, nature, and technology.	.	PUNCT	Gunnerkrigg	PROPN	 Gunnerkrigg
Following the Civil War, particularly following the Depression of 1873 – 79, there was a rapid expansion of industrial production in the United States. Chicago was a major industrial center and tens of thousands of German and Bohemian immigrants were employed at about $1.50 a day	day	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
His performance was met with mixed reviews with Todd Gilchrist of IGN commenting " one can't quite help but wonder what Spielberg saw in the young actor that inspired him to cast LaBeouf ". LaBeouf told the Los Angeles Times that he felt he as an actor "	"	PUNCT	dropped	VERB	 dropped
On another occasion, Miller avoided colliding with a hangar by centimetres. He then escaped death by skipping a social appointment; a V1 bomb hit the venue and killed many of the patrons. In October, he went AWL to watch a concert and was summarily discharged	discharged	VERB	,	PUNCT	,
Disney and Lasseter tapped Randy Newman to compose the film. The edited Toy Story was due to Newman and Gary Rydstrom in late September 1995 for their final work on the score and sound design, respectively. Lasseter claimed " His songs are touching, witty, and	and	CCONJ	satirical	ADJ	 satirical
MLS's 20 teams are divided between the Eastern and Western Conference. Each club is allowed up to 30 players on its first team roster. All 30 players are eligible for selection to each 18 player game day squad during the regular season and playoffs. Since the	the	DET	2005	NUM	 2005
The Hamdanid garrisons withdrew before him, and in September 944, al Ikhshid reached ar Raqqa. Distrusting the Hamdanids given their treatment of Ibn Ra ' iq, he waited until Sayf al Dawla had left the city before entering it to meet the Caliph. Al Ikhshid	Ikhshid	PROPN	tried	VERB	 tried
The other three members of Hot Chip, Owen Clarke, Al Doyle, and Felix Martin would then " have some influence on the way the songs are put together. " Some equipment used to create the album remained the same as previous albums — Goddard used Steinberg	Steinberg	PROPN	Cubase	PROPN	 Cubase
Benton learns that the rebels are planning to attack his school. He calls Bauer, who hides the children in an underground shelter, and kills several rebels before getting captured and tortured. Benton is able to ambush the remaining soldiers, and Bauer kills the leader,	,	PUNCT	Youssou	PROPN	 Youssou
Dutch white lead was extracted from ores containing high levels of trace elements of silver and antimony, while the modern white lead used by Van Meegeren contained neither silver nor antimony, as those elements are separated from the lead during the modern smelting process. Forgeries in which	which	PRON	modern	ADJ	 modern
" Amy Reiter of The Los Angeles Times wrote that " the producers hit every note (emotional, musical, character, plot) as squarely as Rachel Berry auditioning for a coveted role ", and the episode " had emotional truth, character growth, new revelations	revelations	NOUN	and	CCONJ	 and
The Metacomet Ridge is surrounded by rural wooded, agricultural, and suburban landscapes, and is no more than 6 miles (10 km) from a number of urban hubs such as New Haven, Meriden, New Britain, Hartford, and Springfield. Small city centers	centers	NOUN	abutting	VERB	 abutting
A tropical storm warning and hurricane watch were subsequently posted from Baffin Bay northward to Port Aransas. The following day, the hurricane warning was extended to include locations through Port O'Connor and the advisories were extended to Freeport. As Bret neared landfall, the hurricane watch between	between	ADP	Port	PROPN	 Port
Although Faversham Abbey was dissolved by Henry VIII the nearby St Mary of Charity, Faversham Parish Church remains, and has been a Grade I listed building since 1950. The church was established in 1147 by King Stephen and Queen Matilda, with a distinctive spire added around	around	ADP	1794	NUM	 1794
In his consumer guide for The Village Voice, Robert Christgau cited " Yes " and " Baby Boy " as the album's highlights and quippedly remarked, " Dangerously in Love... with her daddy, the bonus cut reveals — as if we didn't know.	.	PUNCT	"	PUNCT	 "
One update is the ARC 210 Warrior beyond line of sight software programmable radio able to transmit voice, data, and information in flight between B 52s and ground command and control centers, allowing the transmission and reception of data with updated intelligence, mapping, and targeting	targeting	VERB	information	NOUN	 information
Henry G. Davis, an elderly West Virginia millionaire and former senator, was selected as the vice presidential candidate in the hope that he would partially finance Parker's campaign. The convention was riven by debate over whether to include a free silver plank in the campaign's	's	PART	platform	NOUN	 platform
On the other hand, some writers look on Fluffernutters and marshmallow fluff as a source of childhood nostalgia and regional pride. The sandwich has close ties to New England, particularly to Somerville, Massachusetts, where Archibald Query invented Marshmallow Fluff, and to Lynn, Massachusetts	Massachusetts	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
" The hair and make up was done by Marco Berardini, who was inspired by European women such as Brigitte Bardot. " It's the epitome of a strong woman. I wanted to bring out that strength and sexiness for all the girls on tour ",	,	PUNCT	he	PRON	 he
They are used to mark the passage of time, and to call the monks to liturgical services. In Buddhism, the bell's sound is considered to be calming and to induce a suitable atmosphere for meditation. Because of their shape (with sloped shoulders and a	a	DET	flat	ADJ	 flat
Thinner than most of the other men who have portrayed Edna, Travolta appeared onscreen in a large fat suit, and required four hours of makeup in order to appear before the cameras. His character's nimble dancing style belies her girth; Shankman based Edna's dancing	dancing	NOUN	style	NOUN	 style
It premiered on the Fox network in the United States on May 12, 1995. It was written by Frank Spotnitz and directed by Rob Bowman. The episode is a " Monster of the Week " story, unconnected to the series ' wider mythology. " Our	Our	PRON	Town	PROPN	 Town
In 1975, Tollpost Globe also established a similar service between Voss and Granvin. During the late 1970s, the manufacturer Bjølvefossen experienced a large drop in the demand of ferroalloys, reducing production — and thus transport on the line — by 10,000 tonnes (9,800 long tons	tons	NOUN	;	PUNCT	;
In children with delayed language development, only 50% of maternal speech is matched to the object the infant is focusing on. Infants are more likely to engage in joint attention when the parent talks about an object that the child is attending to as opposed to an	an	DET	object	NOUN	 object
Their position required the Patriots to defend a position whose only line of retreat was across the narrow bridge, a distinct disadvantage that MacDonald recognized when he saw the plans. In a council held that night, the Loyalists decided to attack, since the alternative of finding	finding	VERB	another	DET	 another
Along with Beatty, Robert Redford, Richard Attenborough, Kevin Costner, and Mel Gibson, he is one of the few directors best known as an actor to win an Academy Award for directing. On February 27, 2005, he became one of only three living	living	VERB	directors	NOUN	 directors
Americans are extremely charitable by global standards. According to a 2006 British study, Americans gave 1.67% of GDP to charity, more than any other nation studied, more than twice the second place British figure of 0.73%, and around twelve times the French figure	figure	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
The pastoral Epistles, too, give the impression of being in real places, with flesh and blood people, at specific times of day. Epistle 48 tells how the friends return to Stockholm by boat after a night out on Lake Mälaren, one summer morning in	in	ADP	1769	NUM	 1769
Rather it contains metaphorical stories or allegories, such as those of the Good Shepherd and of the True Vine, in which each individual element corresponds to a specific person, group, or thing. Some scholars, however, find some such parables as the short story	story	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
Montcalm carried 250 metric tons (250 long tons) of coal which allowed the ship to steam for 1,460 nautical miles (2,700 km; 1,680 mi) at a speed of 10 knots (19 km / h; 12 mph). She was barque rigged and	and	CCONJ	had	VERB	 had
The taking of the city then allowed an overland route to be connected with Armenia itself with supply convoys beginning to trek up the mountainous region of Lachin to Karabakh. The loss of Lachin was the final blow to Mutalibov's regime. Demonstrations were held despite Mutalibov's	's	PART	ban	NOUN	 ban
The Packers then offered Favre a retirement package of $25 million marketing agreement to remain retired. This offer was rejected and Favre was subsequently traded to the New York Jets. 2009: In February, Favre said he retired although his agent Bus Cook asked for his	his	PRON	release	NOUN	 release
Gills initially have an emarginate (notched) to adnate attachment to the stipe, but pull away as the mushroom matures to become seceding or almost free from attachment. They are thick and closely spaced, and whitish in color, sometimes developing pale pink tints. The	The	DET	solid	ADJ	 solid
He had collaborated with Deodato in his previous films Ultimo mondo cannibale and The House on the Edge of the Park, the latter of which was filmed before Cannibal Holocaust but released afterward. The names of certain characters in the film were changed from Clerici's screenplay:	:	PUNCT	the	DET	 the
The game was awarded 11th place on IGN's 2007 list of " The Top 25 PS2 Games of All Time ". IGN also awarded both Going Commando and Final Fantasy X 2 their Game of the Month award for November 2003 in their first " Game of the	the	DET	Month	PROPN	 Month
The youngest specimens are almost entirely spherical; the cups open up and expand to a disc during maturity. The inner surface of the cup (the fertile spore bearing surface, known as the hymenium) is bright orange red, while the outer surface (the sterile	sterile	ADJ	surface	NOUN	 surface
I mean, there's what the writers think and what I've sort of thought, and in my mind. Maybe I had a crush in high school or in college or something — there was something, but I don't think it's ever — I	I	PRON	think	VERB	 think
Both pieces show " an economy of writing ", the sixth " more moderate and tranquil in expression ". The Fauré scholar Roy Howat writes of a " sensuous insouciance " with an underlying virtuosity and wit under the " deceptively nonchalant surface ". Barcarolle No 7	7	NUM	in	ADP	 in
Capcom then provided input regarding moveset possibilities in order to reach a consensus. Each company also had their own set of interests and priorities. Marvel characters, such as Rocket Raccoon and Nova, were chosen to cross promote upcoming products. On the other hand, Capcom	Capcom	PROPN	sought	VERB	 sought
Rayadappa's whose adopted son Gopalakrishna took over the rule from his father. At the time of building the old fort a Muslim saint had cautioned the two royal brothers of the Bobbili family that the place they had chosen to build the fort was ill fated but they	they	PRON	ignored	VERB	 ignored
According to AllMusic, Kekal was one of the first heavy metal bands from Indonesia to make international inroads, and according to sociologist of heavy metal, Keith Kahn Harris, was one of the few extreme metal bands from Southeast Asia to ever make more than a minimal	minimal	ADJ	impression	NOUN	 impression
Six singles were released from the record, four of which, " You ", " Promise ", " Mi Santa ", and " La Diabla ", reached number one on the Billboard Hot Latin Songs chart in the U.S. Romeo Santos began his career as	as	ADP	the	DET	 the
He played for the New York Rangers of the National Hockey League (NHL). However, he spent most of his playing career in the minor leagues. Following his playing career, he went into coaching, spending 13 years coaching in the minor leagues before making	making	VERB	it	PRON	 it
" Stellar senior quarterback " Keith Wenning led the Cardinals ' offense, and passed for a total of 3,933 yards for 34 touchdowns and just 6 interceptions, predominantly to two 1,000 yard receivers – junior Willie Snead, who caught 97 passes for 1,429 yards and 14 touchdowns	touchdowns	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
The line reaches a climax on " blaues " (blue). The text of the last three lines is repeated as a shortened version of a stanza, with the first motif in its second form this time on " gehe nicht schnell " and " eile nicht	nicht	NOUN	"	PUNCT	 "
Historically the property must have been segregated from non trust property; more recently, the courts have drawn a line between tangible and intangible assets, holding that with intangible assets there is not always a need for segregation. " Certainty of objects " means that it must	must	AUX	be	AUX	 be
The following year, he was promoted to temporary wing commander in the CAF. After the war, Brain was appointed Qantas ' Assistant General Manager. Fysh was still in his early fifties and appeared unlikely to retire any time soon. Seeing little chance of further advancement	advancement	NOUN	where	SCONJ	 where
The main damage would be restricted to the upper atmosphere, the ozone layer, spacecraft, including satellites, and any astronauts in space. At least one paper has projected that complete loss of the Earth's ozone layer is a plausible consequence of a supernova, which	which	PRON	would	AUX	 would
Instead, on 28 July 1920 the Spa Conference (also known as the Conference of Ambassadors) divided each of the three disputed areas between Poland and Czechoslovakia. The local Polish population felt that Warsaw had betrayed them and they were not satisfied with the division of Cieszyn	Cieszyn	PROPN	Silesia	PROPN	 Silesia
" Meyer's major storylines include operating on his own sister when she falls ill, despite a long term enmity with his brother in law, Greg. He seeks help from his friend, neurologist Professor Charles Merrick (Simon Williams), when he fears he may	may	AUX	have	VERB	 have
In his book Darwin's Dangerous Idea, philosopher Daniel Dennett is especially critical of Gould's presentation of punctuated equilibrium. Dennett argues that Gould alternated between revolutionary and conservative claims about the theory, and that each time Gould made a revolutionary statement — or appeared to do	do	VERB	so	ADV	 so
Though she did not make any further half centuries during the tournament, she was twice dismissed in the forties, scoring 49 against Australia women and 46 against England women. Despite Brits ' relative success in the tournament, the win against the West Indies women was South	South	PROPN	Africa	PROPN	 Africa
Blaise Pascal invented the mechanical calculator in 1642; it was the first operational adding machine. It made use of a gravity assisted carry mechanism. It was the only operational mechanical calculator in the 17th century and the earliest automatic, digital computers. Pascal's calculator was	was	AUX	limited	VERB	 limited
On the side, during the season he kept an on line journal for MinorLeagueBaseball.com. With Alfonso Soriano having been traded in the off season, Kinsler won the Rangers ' starting second base job in spring training in 2006 over Mark DeRosa. " Ian Kinsler came as	as	SCONJ	advertised	ADJ	 advertised
Martin later said that editing it out would have been unfeasible in any case. As a solution for the missing 24 bar middle section of the song, McCartney proposed the idea of bringing in a full orchestra to fill the gap. To allay concerns that classically trained	trained	VERB	musicians	NOUN	 musicians
Owing to these attributes, his superior officers treated him with respect. During his training and early career Hannes Trautloft became a role model and offered Kittel advice about his techniques. Kittel formed a friendship with German ace Hans Philipp, who often shared advice about aerial combat	combat	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
Critically, " We Are the World 25 for Haiti " received generally negative reviews by contemporary music reviewers, with criticism focused on the song's new musical additions, as well as the choice of artists who appear on the track. Some critics have even named it	it	PRON	one	NUM	 one
His statement was met by protests from customers and a fall in share prices. Airbus responded to the protests by playing down the possibility the A380 would be abandoned, instead emphasizing that enhancing the airplane was a likelier scenario. On 22 December 2014, CEO Fabrice Brégier	Brégier	PROPN	ruled	VERB	 ruled
With a runner on third and fewer than two outs, a batter may instead concentrate on hitting a fly ball that, even if it is caught, will be deep enough to allow the runner to tag up and score — a successful batter in this case gets	gets	VERB	credit	NOUN	 credit
Before the Pacific War, it formed part of the British administered Straits Settlements and had a population of 8,960. The island had a town, Victoria, on its south coast which fronted onto Victoria Harbour, with a population of 8,500 and limited port facilities. Aside	Aside	ADV	from	ADP	 from
Electrification was finally carried out in the 1980s, as detailed below. From 1845, the line was operated by the SER. In 1899, the SER and LCDR entered into a joint working partnership, the South Eastern and Chatham Railway (SECR). On 1	1	NUM	January	PROPN	 January
The number of French soldiers involved is believed to be around 500. The number of English militiamen is uncertain, with one source of information stating 300, and another stating 2800. English forces at the battle are understood to have been commanded by Captain Robert Fyssher,	,	PUNCT	whilst	SCONJ	 whilst
For electoral purposes, Radcliffe is now divided into three wards; Radcliffe North, Radcliffe East, and Radcliffe West. It is in the Bury South constituency and is represented in the House of Commons by Labour Party member Ivan Lewis. At 53° 33′ 41 ″	″	PROPN	N	PROPN	 N
Hamels closed out the series with a strong performance, perfect through his first five innings and finishing with one run allowed in eight; with their 15th win over the Nationals, the Phillies matched their best season record against the franchise, set against the 1976 Montréal Expos	Expos	PROPN	.	PUNCT	.
Adam then intends to use the resulting carnage to create an army of monsters much like himself. Buffy, Willow, Xander, and Giles realize they must work as one unit to defeat Adam. They are captured sneaking into the Initiative, but Adam trips the power	power	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
Its walls are 1.8 metres (5 ft 11 in) thick at the base, with a core of flint stone, faced on the inside and outside with brick; the archaeologist T. P. Smith considers it to feature some " of the finest medieval brickwork " in	in	ADP	England	PROPN	 England
In 2006, Larson was succeeded by Vickyann Chrobak Sadowski, who set the record by winning $147,517 on the 35th season premiere of The Price Is Right in 2006. Chrobak Sadowski's record has since been broken by Sheree Heil from her appearance on The Price Is	Is	AUX	Right	ADJ	 Right
Once St. Croix and Banville were cleared, the Canadian Scots pushed south to Colombiers, reinforced the platoons that had captured the bridge across the Seulles earlier in the day, and moved towards the Creully – Caen road. The Canadian Scots reported reaching the road at 16	16	NUM	:	SYM	:
5. A group of all the fungi present in a particular area or geographic region is known as mycobiota (plural noun, no singular), e.g., " the mycobiota of Ireland ". Before the introduction of molecular methods for phylogenetic analysis, taxonomists considered fungi	fungi	NOUN	to	PART	 to
Additionally, for certain gigs, bands can compete for band personnel, as well as a recording deal with a record label. The " Endless Setlist " provides players with all day concert experience, as the setlist requires playing the entire game disc's setlist from start	start	NOUN	to	ADP	 to
Attacking enemies also leaves wounds in them that match the motion carried out by Alex in inflicting the attack. In terms of controlling Alex, the player may also perform new maneuvers such as targeting the enemy before attacking them, dodging enemy attacks, and performing counter attacks	attacks	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
A black ribbon needs to be placed at the top of the flag; the length of the ribbon should be equal to the length of the flag. The flying flag has to be raised in its entirety, clean, and unfaded; moreover, the lower part	part	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
Initially queries reported that the pages had been removed " per the request of the site owner ", which Andreas Heldal Lund denied. This was later changed to a generic " Blocked Site Error " message. Operation Clambake is included as part of the Library of Congress	Congress	PROPN	"	PUNCT	 "
Later, in Tokyo, Japan, Wesker, who is the head of the Tokyo Umbrella facility, informs the rest of the Umbrella chairmen, all holograms, that the North American facility has been lost. Alice's hologram makes an appearance, declaring that she is	is	AUX	coming	VERB	 coming
Mustaine later said: " The production of So Far, So Good... So What! was horrible, mostly due to substances and the priorities we had or didn't have at the time. " Mustaine clashed with Lani on several occasions, beginning with Lani's	's	PART	insistence	NOUN	 insistence
St. John's has a humid continental climate (Köppen Dfb), with lower seasonal variation than normal for the latitude, which is due to Gulf Stream moderation. However, despite this maritime moderation, average January high temperatures are actually slightly colder in St. John's	's	PART	than	SCONJ	 than
On the other hand, Pál Engel says that Louis's " expeditions often lacked a realistic goal and sometimes even a reasonable pretext... it was war itself that gave him pleasure ". In the age of Romantic nationalism, Hungary during Louis's reign was described as	as	ADP	an	DET	 an
1130). Byzantium's neighboring Orthodox powers emerged as architectural centers in their own right during the Late Byzantine Period. The Bulgarian churches of Nesebar are similar to those in Constantinople at this time and, following the construction of Gračanica monastery, the architecture of Serbia used	used	VERB	the	DET	 the
The Hudson Valley trail continues 0.5 miles (0.80 km) west from the Poughkeepsie Bridge to a bridge over Mile Hill Road, then another 0.1 miles (0.16 km) to a crossing at US 9W. At the 1 mile (1.6 km) mark, the trail	trail	NOUN	reaches	VERB	 reaches
This practice has been also adopted by Christian pilgrims and foreign dignitaries as well. More than a million prayer notes are placed in the Western Wall each year. It is unclear when the practice of writing and giving kvitelach began. This practice is not mentioned in the	the	DET	writings	NOUN	 writings
As the series was being launched directly into syndication, there were concerns that it could affect the ratings. " Encounter at Farpoint ", the pilot, was broadcast to Nielsen ratings of 15.7 percent, and after a lull seeing ratings for " The Last Outpost "	"	PUNCT	reach	VERB	 reach
The exact form of crown used in the crest varied over time. Until the reign of Henry VI it was usually shown as an open circlet adorned with fleurs de lys or stylised leaves. On Henry's first seal for foreign affairs the design was altered with the	the	DET	circlet	NOUN	 circlet
" Writing in his 1977 book The Beatles Forever, Nicholas Schaffner rued that " the exquisite, painstaking arrangements " of Harrison's earlier albums were absent from Dark Horse, and labelled " Ding Dong " " a string of greeting card clichés with trite music to match	match	VERB	"	PUNCT	 "
The next day she started a three day saturation of the Changjon area, with one of her own helicopters spotting the results: four buildings destroyed, road junctions smashed, railroad marshaling yards afire, tracks cut and uprooted, coal stocks scattered, and many buildings and	and	CCONJ	warehouses	NOUN	 warehouses
Thirty six other people were injured in Shelby County by the tornadoes. One additional death took place southeast of Hebron, Tennessee from a separate EF3 tornado. Shelby County Election Commission administrator James Johnson stated the weather did not interfere with Super Tuesday primary voting. Farther northeast	northeast	ADV	near	ADP	 near
Poet and critic Théophile Gautier attended the first performance of La Sylphide. His ideas for Giselle would show touches of La Sylphide ten years later. It would be set in a real place and in the past, for example, and would be about everyday people and	and	CCONJ	supernatural	ADJ	 supernatural
The rebuilding of locks 6 and 7, completed in 2000, brought the number of locks restored to five, and approximately one quarter of the canal has been restored to navigable standard. Much improvement of the towpath has also taken place, and access to it is	is	AUX	possible	ADJ	 possible
While community service is a major element of both the WOSM and WAGGGS programs, WAGGGS includes it as an extra element of the Scout method: service in the community. The Scout Law and Promise embody the joint values of the Scouting movement worldwide, and bind all	all	DET	Scouting	PROPN	 Scouting
On 27 December 2014, it was announced that Torres ' move to Milan would be made permanent on 5 January 2015, but two days later he agreed to rejoin La Liga club Atlético Madrid on loan until the end of the 2015 – 16 season. The loan	loan	NOUN	was	AUX	 was
Whilst out walking on New Year's Day, 1987, Drummond hit upon an idea for a hip hop record but, he said, knowing " nothing, personally, about the technology ", he needed a collaborator. Drummond called Jimmy Cauty who agreed to join	join	VERB	him	PRON	 him
Levesque is a fan of the band Motörhead (which has performed three different entrance themes for Triple H over his career), and was good friends with lead singer Lemmy. To pay homage to both Lemmy and the band, Triple H wore Lemmy inspired facial hair	hair	NOUN	during	ADP	 during
In the early 17th century, during the time of King James I, abortive plans were made to drain and enclose much of Sedgemoor, which the local Lords supported but opposed by the Commoners who would have lost grazing rights. In 1632, Charles I sold the	the	DET	Crown	PROPN	 Crown
He eventually caught up with Schumacher, and it took intervention from Jochen Mass to prevent Warwick physically assaulting Schumacher. Toward the end of the 2010 Hungarian Grand Prix, Rubens Barrichello attempted to pass Schumacher down the inside on the main straight. Schumacher closed the inside line	line	NOUN	to	PART	 to
In November 1994, Spanish High Court judge Baltasar Garzón reopened the case against them for the Monbar attack. Subsequently, three others, Julián Sancristóbal, Juan Alberto Perote and Francisco Álvarez, were implicated in the case. Sancristóbal had been the former director of state security	security	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
Meanwhile, the company was increasing its presence in India with the formation of Defence Land Systems India in April, a joint venture with Mahindra & Mahindra Limited. BAE Systems holds just 26% of the equity due to Indian foreign direct investment regulations. The company continued	continued	VERB	its	PRON	 its
Andrew has no connection with the stage show Grease, which I have successfully produced in the UK. There is a new production of Grease on Broadway in the spring of 2007, that's why I've been asked to judge on You're The One That We	We	PRON	Want	VERB	 Want
Sangay has been active in its current form for at least 14,000 years, and is still filling out the area left bare by its earlier incarnations, being smaller than either of them. Uniquely, in its 500,000 years of activity, its magma plume has never changed	changed	VERB	composition	NOUN	 composition
Ancient Greeks called these lights πλάνητες ἀστέρες (planētes asteres, " wandering stars ") or simply πλανῆται (planētai, " wanderers "), from which today's word " planet " was derived. In ancient Greece, China, Babylon, and indeed all pre	pre	ADJ	modern	ADJ	 modern
Tuzgle is a prominent volcano of the back arc of the Andes and lies about 280 kilometres (170 mi) east of the main volcanic arc. Part of the Central Volcanic Zone of the Andes, it is 5,486 metres (17,999 ft) high above sea level	level	NOUN	and	CCONJ	 and
Such examples include the January 5th 2012 game tying three pointer against the Hawks in Atlanta with both James and Wade out, and a game winning three pointer on March 31, 2013 against the Spurs, also without James and Wade. A similar scenario occurred on December	December	PROPN	28	NUM	 28
Su Song's treatise on the clock, the Hsin I Hsiang Fa Yao, constitutes a classic of horological engineering. That was figure Fig. 650, while Fig. 656 displays the upper and lower norias with their tanks and the manual wheel for operating them.	.	PUNCT	Fig	PROPN	 Fig
In all, roughly 7,000,000 cubic yards (5,400,000 m3) of material were excavated. Oil began flowing through the Big Inch Line between Texas and Illinois on New Year's Eve 1942. Work on the Little Big Inch then began in 1943. The first crude oil	oil	NOUN	arrived	VERB	 arrived
The four halides form nickel compounds, which are solids with molecules that feature octahedral Ni centres. Nickel (II) chloride is most common, and its behavior is illustrative of the other halides. Nickel (II) chloride is produced by dissolving nickel or its oxide	oxide	NOUN	in	ADP	 in
The film had to go through these cuts as the telecast of an adult rated film during prime time in India is a violation of the Cable TV Network Rules, 1994 and the Cable TV Networks (Regulation) Act, 1995. Following this process, Sony Entertainment	Entertainment	PROPN	Television	PROPN	 Television
The Court of Appeal allowed the appeal on the narrow ground that the Government had not adduced sufficient evidence to discharge its burden of proving the President was satisfied that the appellants ' detention was necessary to prevent them from endangering, among other things, Singapore's security or	or	CCONJ	public	ADJ	 public
While approximately 35,000 Serb refugees, trapped with the surrendered ARSK Kordun Corps, were evacuated to Yugoslavia via Sisak and the Zagreb – Belgrade motorway, the bulk of the refugees followed a route through the Republika Srpska, arriving there via Dvor in Banovina or via Srb in	in	ADP	Lika	PROPN	 Lika
The gills are white to grayish or even pinkish when mature and are connected by distinct cross veins. The caps can reach 4 cm (1.6 in) in diameter, and have a mealy odor and taste. The spore print is white and the gills are pink	pink	ADJ	at	ADP	 at
Hunter Gordon Walker (Brown), who believes that Sam Winchester (Padalecki) will one day turn evil and become involved in a demonic war against humanity, escapes from prison. He tracks down Bela Talbot (Cohan) — a thief and frequent thorn in the	the	DET	Winchesters	PROPN	 Winchesters
The name " Lightning II " was later given to the F 35. The aircraft was also briefly dubbed " SuperStar " and " Rapier ". In September 2002, USAF changed the Raptor's designation to F / A 22, mimicking the Navy's McDonnell Douglas	Douglas	PROPN	F	PROPN	 F
" Penry Jones found that his last days on Spooks was generally upsetting and " welled up " on his final day. Afterwards in March 2008, another announcement was made, where a new character was revealed to be in development; Lucas North. The producers wanted	wanted	VERB	to	PART	 to
Funk songs such as " The Blues ", " Oakland Stroke ", " Let's Have a Good Time ", and " Feels Good " incorporate digital production technology. Janine McAdams of Spin finds most of the songs to be " embellished with an allusion,	,	PUNCT	an	DET	 an
The Enugu Festival of Arts was started in 1986; it has modernised the Mmanwu festival by transferring it from its traditional village surroundings to the urban setting of Enugu. Diana, Princess of Wales was a notable spectator of Enugu's cultural shows when she visited the city	city	NOUN	in	ADP	 in
Both of these discoveries — the space weathering effects and the low density — led to a new understanding about the relationship between S type asteroids and OC meteorites. S types are the most numerous kind of asteroid in the inner part of the asteroid belt. OC meteorites	meteorites	NOUN	are	AUX	 are
Burdett was said to have owned a variety of black Cocker Spaniels. Bullock crossed the Field Spaniel with the Sussex Spaniel and the English Water Spaniel. In the 1870s he was very successful in the show ring with his variety of Field Spaniel; however, it resulted	resulted	VERB	in	ADP	 in
These trophies include action figures of playable characters, accessories, and items associated with them as well as series and characters not otherwise playable in the game. The trophies range from the well known to the obscure, and even characters or elements that were only released in	in	ADP	Japan	PROPN	 Japan
The N361 road (EN 361), in the southwest of the municipality, connects Lourinhã and Rio Maior. Avenida Atlântica (or Variante Atlântica), which has no numerical designation, connects the western end of city to the beach at Foz do Arelho, and	and	CCONJ	serves	VERB	 serves
Doggett is taken to the local jail, where he meets a fellow prisoner named Domingo. Domingo is eventually freed and offers to have Doggett bailed out as well, under the condition that Doggett help him perform his criminal tasks. Doggett agrees, but changes his mind	mind	NOUN	once	SCONJ	 once
She met Lana Tisdel at a convenience store and interviewed her at Tisdel's home. Tisdel, who began dating Brandon just two weeks before he was murdered, was 19 years old at the time of the murders and lived in Falls City with her mother. Peirce	Peirce	PROPN	also	ADV	 also
Viking metal combines the symbolism common in black and death metal, especially the exultation of violence and virility through weapons and battlefields, with a common interest in ancestral roots, especially a pre Christian heritage, expressed through Viking mythology and imagery of northern landscapes. However,	,	PUNCT	some	DET	 some
Biologist Richard Hoffman, who worked with Chamberlin on the 1958 checklist, later described Chamberlin as " an exemplar of minimal taxonomy ", and stated his taxonomic work on Central American myriapods " introduced far more problems than progress, a pattern which was to persist for many	many	ADJ	decades	NOUN	 decades
Embedded within a monsoon trough over the eastern Atlantic, the system maintained a slow westward track as it weakened to a tropical depression on September 9. Intensification resumed the following day once shear lessened and the dominant steering factor shifted to a mid tropospheric ridge north of Igor	Igor	PROPN	;	PUNCT	;
He married Winefride Mary Leahy, a pianist and singer, on 15 January 1920 at St. Ignatius Church, Norwood. His brother, the Reverend Richard Denny, officiated at their wedding. He was elected second of two in 1921 and second of three in 1924 with	with	ADP	similar	ADJ	 similar
The maximum diameters of the ovarian follicle and the corpus luteum were 15 mm (0.59 in) and 27 mm (1.1 in). Each female underwent an anovulatory period lasting 39 to 131 days, during which there was no ovulation. Anovulation was rare in winter	winter	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
This was the first job at which she was able to hire a personal assistant, which began her reputation as a demanding and difficult boss. In late 1978, Guccione shut down the unprofitable magazine. Wintour decided to take some time off from work. She broke	broke	VERB	up	ADP	 up
As a nod to the change in source material, the title of the Canadian edition was changed to Super Science and Fantastic Stories starting with the December 1944 issue. A Mexican magazine, Los Cuentos Fantasticos, which published 44 issues between 1948 and 1953, reprinted stories	stories	NOUN	from	ADP	 from
The other two boxes were at Bristol Temple Meads West, and controlling the movements in and out of the new Bath Road Depot, which replaced the old B & ER locomotive works in 1934. During World War II the station was bombed, which led to the	the	DET	destruction	NOUN	 destruction
IGN also praised the game's " storytelling with motion captured acting and voice over ", and Wired applauded cutscenes " with slick graphic effects ". The music was praised as atmospheric and faithful to the franchise, though GameSpot felt they were " more like outtakes from	from	ADP	older	ADJ	 older
The Tramp asks The Millionaire for some money, which he uses to buy all the girl's flowers and then drives her home in the Millionaire's Rolls Royce. After he leaves, the Flower Girl tells her grandmother (Florence Lee) about her wealthy acquaintance.	.	PUNCT	When	SCONJ	 When
He complained that he was bored in prison, which he called " torture, plain and simple. " The last visit Parsons had received was two hours with his mother in 1996. On August 16, 1999, District Judge Philip Eves signed a death warrant and	and	CCONJ	scheduled	VERB	 scheduled
In response, WMATA is replacing its track control system and ordered an immediate inspection of all of its escalators. That inspection showed that over 10 percent of the escalators had faulty brakes. Elevator and escalator service are a public concern prompting WMATA to post a webpage that	that	PRON	is	AUX	 is
When Ohio was reached in the roll call of states, its votes gave McKinley the nomination, which he celebrated by hugging his wife and mother as his friends fled the house, anticipating the first of many crowds that gathered at the Republican candidate's home. Thousands	Thousands	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
" PewDiePie refers to his fanbase as the " Bro Army ", and individual fans as " bros ". Through his Bro Army fanbase, PewDiePie has raised money for charities. Due to his popularity, PewDiePie's coverage of indie games has created an Oprah effect	effect	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
The combined forces of Lüders, Martynov and Friedrich von Berg exceeded 6,000 men and were preparing to storm it. Several assaults were repelled, but shortly after 11: 00 the Polish position was attacked from the north and south simultaneously. The northern pincer stalled and the	the	DET	southern	ADJ	 southern
A few days later, on 7 May 1945, Germany surrendered and the war in Europe came to an end. Hill was awarded a second Bar to his DSO for his command of the 3rd Parachute Brigade during its advance from the Rhine to the Elbe, as	as	ADV	well	ADV	 well
TNA created a section regarding their event on their website to help promote the event. TNA released a poster featuring Kurt Angle, Christian Cage, A.J. Styles, and Tomko sometime prior to help promote the event. TNA moved Final Resolution to December later in the year	year	NOUN	and	CCONJ	 and
Some scenes required upwards of 70 takes. Gyllenhaal was frustrated by the director's methods and commented in an interview, " You get a take, 5 takes, 10 takes. Some places, 90 takes. But there is a stopping point. There's a	a	DET	point	NOUN	 point
The inhabitants of Ypres were well prepared for a siege by the time the English and their allies arrived and attacked the city on 8 June 1383. Dwellings in the outlying suburbs had been abandoned; the timber from them was used to strengthen the earth ramparts and the	the	DET	stone	NOUN	 stone
Additionally, a brief introduction to art history is included. The Economics Basic Guide reviews fundamental economic concepts in addition to the basics of macroeconomics and microeconomics. The Language and Literature Basic Guide provides students with a basic grounding in the analysis of literature and introduces key terms	terms	NOUN	such	ADJ	 such
Following a reported leak of the song days earlier, " Get Lucky " was released as a digital download single on 19 April 2013. On 13 May, Daft Punk's official Vevo channel posted a video revealing the artwork packaging of the vinyl version of the album	album	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
They have since discontinued the offer, but have made the cover images available worldwide in high quality PDF files for users to download and print themselves. The European PAL version of the cover has no such error. In June 2012, Capcom announced that a high definition	definition	NOUN	remastering	NOUN	 remastering
Odaenathus was described as Roman senator in the undated tomb inscription and Hairan I was mentioned with the same title in the 251 inscription. Scholarly opinions vary on the exact date of Odaenathus ' elevation to the position; Gawlikowski and Jean Starcky maintain that the senatorial rank predates	predates	VERB	the	DET	 the
The skull and neck are not preserved, but the reconstruction of the nuchal ligament indicates the possession of a neck of medium length of roughly 5 m (16 ft). As in other titanosaurs, the back was quite flexible due to the lack of accessory vertebral	vertebral	ADJ	joints	NOUN	 joints
The king ordered an end to the capital punishments, though the severe treatment continued for several more years. According to Myles, Dyer's life journey during her time in New England transformed her from " a silenced object to a speaking subject; from an Antinomian monster	monster	NOUN	to	ADP	 to
In 2014, the School of Information opened to undergraduates, with the new Bachelor of Science in Information degree. Among undergraduates, 70 percent graduate with a bachelor's degree within four years, 86 percent graduate within five years and 88 percent graduating within six years.	.	PUNCT	Of	ADP	 Of
His support for tyrants over democratic rulers would lead to growing resentment amongst the Greek cities against Macedon. On his journey north to Macedon, Antigonus succeeded in placing garrisons in the cities of Chalcis and Eretria on the important island of Euboia with the outcome being that he	he	PRON	further	ADV	 further
The capital's navy played a central role in the repulsion of the Arab sieges of Constantinople, but it is unclear whether the Imperial Fleet (βασιλικόν πλόιμον, basilikon ploïmon) of later times existed as a separate command in the 7th or 8th centuries. As its	its	PRON	chief	NOUN	 chief
Meanwhile, his contract earned him US $17,500 for each ten week shot. He travelled to Clinton, Louisiana, before the start of filming to study the mannerisms, accent and speech of the Southern men in order to create a proper characterization. Orson Welles as	as	ADP	Will	AUX	 Will
A third torpedo was fired five minutes later, but missed, the U boat evaded a ramming attempt by crash diving shortly afterwards. However, she persisted and hit the ship with a fourth torpedo 20 minutes later, sinking her. There were no survivors from her	her	PRON	44	NUM	 44
Tobias Smollett was a poet, essayist, satirist and playwright, but is best known for his picaresque novels, for which he is often seen as Scotland's first novelist. The early eighteenth century was also a period of innovation in Gaelic vernacular poetry that mixed traditional	traditional	ADJ	forms	NOUN	 forms
Cantor developed important concepts in topology and their relation to cardinality. For example, he showed that the Cantor set is nowhere dense, but has the same cardinality as the set of all real numbers, whereas the rationals are everywhere dense, but countable. Cantor introduced	introduced	VERB	fundamental	ADJ	 fundamental
Lolita was shot over 88 days on a budget of $2 million at Elstree Studios, between October 1960 and March 1961. Kubrick often clashed with Shelley Winters, whom he found " very difficult " and demanding, and nearly fired at one point. Because of	of	ADP	its	PRON	 its
In 1986 a convention of historians concluded that there had not been an Angevin state, and therefore no " Angevin Empire ", but that the term " espace Plantagenet ", Plantagenet space in English, was acceptable. Nonetheless, historians have continued to use " Angevin	Angevin	PROPN	Empire	PROPN	 Empire
The PlayStation 3 and Xbox 360 versions were developed by Luxoflux, and ported to the Microsoft Windows by Beenox. The PlayStation 2 and Wii versions were developed by Krome Studios, and the PlayStation Portable version was developed by Savage Entertainment. The game was released on June	June	PROPN	23	NUM	 23
Teti's claim to the throne could have relied on his marriage to Iput, who may have been a daughter of Unas. This possibility is heavily debated, as the interpretation of Iput's titles that would indicate that she was the daughter of a king is uncertain	uncertain	ADJ	.	PUNCT	.
On 17 May, the club clinched their 23rd La Liga title after defeating Atlético Madrid. This was Barcelona's seventh La Liga title in the last ten years. On 30 May, the club defeated Athletic Bilbao in the Copa del Rey final at Camp Nou.	.	PUNCT	On	ADP	 On
Prior to hatching — both in the egg and as newborn larvae — they have balancers, which are thin skin protrusions sticking out the sides and supporting the head. The balancers eventually fall off and their external gills grow larger. Once the balancers are lost the larvae	larvae	NOUN	are	AUX	 are
By the late 1980s, Chemical developed its reputation for financing buyouts, building a syndicated leveraged finance business and related advisory businesses under the auspices of pioneering investment banker, Jimmy Lee. It was not until 1993 that Chemical would permission to underwrite corporate bonds, however within	within	ADP	a	DET	 a
The flatness of the local terrain, when combined with urban sprawl, has made flooding a recurring problem for the city. Downtown stands about 50 feet (15 m) above sea level, and the highest point in far northwest Houston is about 125 feet (38	38	NUM	m	NOUN	 m
Sunfish fry resemble miniature pufferfish, with large pectoral fins, a tail fin, and body spines uncharacteristic of adult sunfish. Adult sunfish are vulnerable to few natural predators, but sea lions, killer whales, and sharks will consume them. Among humans, sunfish are	are	AUX	considered	VERB	 considered
In January 2016, Fox announced it had ordered a pilot for a spin off series titled 24: Legacy, which would feature a new cast, with no returning characters. The series retains the real time format, however, consists of 12 episodes, using time	time	NOUN	jumps	VERB	 jumps
The Phillies lost the lead three times before winning the game. The team then opened a four game series against the Los Angeles Dodgers. Lee pitched a " gem " of a game, striking out 10 batters in eight shutout innings; Carlos Ruiz, in the	the	DET	cleanup	NOUN	 cleanup
This tour began in June 2006 at the Jordan Schnitzer Museum of Art, and traveled across the country, exhibiting in Las Vegas and Austin, Texas, among other places. The collection tour ended in 2008. Based on the design for the United States ten dollar	dollar	NOUN	bill	NOUN	 bill
Mario) is a 1990 Mario arcade style action puzzle video game designed by Gunpei Yokoi and produced by Takahiro Harada. Nintendo developed and published the game for the Nintendo Entertainment System and Game Boy consoles. The game's soundtrack was composed by Hirokazu Tanaka. The game	game	NOUN	focuses	VERB	 focuses
" Alongside thirteen original songs that would define classic punk rock, the Clash's debut had included a cover of the recent Jamaican reggae hit " Police and Thieves ". Other first wave bands such as the Slits and new entrants to the scene like the Ruts and	and	CCONJ	the	DET	 the
The orchestral scene in Paris in the 1920s had been adversely affected by the " deputy " system, whereby any contracted orchestral player was at liberty, if a better engagement became available, to send a deputy to a rehearsal or even to a concert. In most	most	ADJ	other	ADJ	 other
Powell has gone on to write songs, including for Duffy, and from 2007 onwards has presented a Welsh language show on Radio Cymru. He also replaced drummer Stuart Cable from the Stereophonics, following his death, in the supergroup The Stand. They released a charity	charity	NOUN	single	ADJ	 single
On October 17, the storm fell below tropical storm status and made landfall on the Kathiawar Peninsula, near the same area where 03A made landfall in early June. The storm dissipated shortly after landfall. As the storm neared land, officials in Gujarat evacuated hundreds of	of	ADP	residents	NOUN	 residents
The screenplay was written by J. Mackye Gruber and Eric Bress, based on a story by Gruber, Bress, and series creator Jeffrey Reddick. It is the sequel to the 2000 film Final Destination and the second installment of the Final Destination film series. After the	the	DET	financial	ADJ	 financial
There are six separate tournaments that the IBAF currently recognises as " minor world championships ". Of those, Australia has only participated in one senior tournament: the Intercontinental Cup. (Australia has also participated in the World Junior Baseball Championship and the World Youth Baseball Championship	Championship	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
The series against New Zealand would be Kapil's most successful series as national coach. India followed the NZ tour with a trip to Australia. India lost the Test series 3 – 0 and the margin of defeat was heavy in each of these matches – 285 runs	runs	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
for the US market as well as a return to South by Southwest. Fight Like Apes and the Mystery of the Golden Medallion was released in Japan in April 2009, with Fight Like Apes filming a music video for the international release of their " Something Global "	"	PUNCT	single	ADJ	 single
I 235 runs from the junction of Interstate 35 and Interstate 80 in West Des Moines to the separation of the same two interstates in Ankeny. The highway is approximately 14 miles (23 km) long. I 235, which had seen little improvement since its construction	construction	NOUN	in	ADP	 in
The range of the common thresher encompasses tropical and cold temperate waters worldwide. In the western Atlantic, it is found from Newfoundland to the Gulf of Mexico, though it is rare south of New England, and from Venezuela to Argentina. In the eastern Atlantic,	,	PUNCT	it	PRON	 it
Many modern techniques of analytical chemistry have been used to quantify psilocybin levels in mushroom samples. Although the earliest methods commonly used gas chromatography, the high temperature required to vaporize the psilocybin sample prior to analysis causes it to spontaneously lose its phosphoryl group and become psilocin —	—	PUNCT	making	VERB	 making
" Arsenal overtook Manchester United in April 1998, and won the league after beating Everton on 3 May 1998; Overmars scored two goals in the match. The team later faced Newcastle United in the 1998 FA Cup Final and it was Overmars who scored the opening goal	goal	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
Paula Vitaris noted that the kiss " seems stuck on to the episode by a tack in its complete irrelevance to the storyline or Mulder and Scully in general. " Allan Johnson from the Chicago Tribune noted that " in a way, it's too bad Sunday's	's	PART	episode	NOUN	 episode
As part of its 20th anniversary, the movie was released on Blu ray Disc on March 5, 2013. Following the success of the film, Spielberg founded the Survivors of the Shoah Visual History Foundation, a nonprofit organization with the goal of providing an archive for	for	ADP	the	DET	 the
South Korean investors also began to participate in the international tenders for works contracts to develop the Sakhalin Shelf, as they are interested in the potential supply of liquefied natural gas. By the year 2000, South Korean missionaries had opened several churches, and South Koreans comprised	comprised	VERB	the	DET	 the
However, workers are known to drink hemolymph from the insects they capture, and a queen in a captive colony was observed consuming a fly. Captured prey items are given to larvae, which are carnivorous. The workers search for prey in piles of leaves, killing	killing	VERB	small	ADJ	 small
While McBride never said so, the Kefauver hearings and the growing public association between him and the mafia may have played a role in his decision to get out of football. McBride said he had simply " had his fling " with football and wanted to concentrate on	on	ADP	other	ADJ	 other
Stoneman felt that these sequences reinforced the film's claims, but " diluted its originality ". He argued that they be cut, and that to compensate, Bartley and Ó Briain should record a voice over and place themselves more in the frame as witness protagonists,	,	PUNCT	ideas	NOUN	 ideas
However, the chip does not affect him when he harms demons and he now often fights on Buffy's side, after at first fighting just for the pleasure of brawling. His motivations changed when, in the fifth season, Spike realized he had fallen in love	love	NOUN	with	ADP	 with
The Boeing Joint Helmet Mounted Cueing System (JHMCS) is available from Block 40 onwards, for targeting based on where the pilot's head faces, unrestricted by the HUD, using high off boresight missiles like the AIM 9X. The F 16A / B was originally equipped	equipped	VERB	with	ADP	 with
" Renowned writer and poet Al Young wrote of the album's most well known recording, " My One and Only Love ", and interpretation of the song by Coltrane and Hartman: Shortly after the release of his ballad oriented albums, Coltrane returned to a more	more	ADV	experimental	ADJ	 experimental
However, Lasker won all the games from the seventh to the 11th, and Steinitz asked for a one week rest. When the match resumed, Steinitz looked in better shape and won the 13th and 14th games. Lasker struck back in the 15th and 16th,	,	PUNCT	and	CCONJ	 and
It is also used in business to reinforce that change needs to be gradual to be accepted. Oppositely, the expression " boiling frog syndrome " is sometimes used as shorthand to invoke the pitfalls of standing pat. The story has been retold many times and used to	to	PART	illustrate	VERB	 illustrate
An extension was added by the end of the decade southward to M 55 at Campbell, a former community east of Selkirk in Ogemaw County. An earthen highway extension of M 33 north of Atlanta to US 23 at Onaway was opened in 1934. A few years	years	NOUN	later	ADV	 later
When an orangutan reaches the age of two, its climbing skills improve and it will travel through the canopy holding hands with other orangutans, a behaviour known as " buddy travel ". Orangutans are juveniles from about two to five years of age and will start to	to	PART	temporarily	ADV	 temporarily
The trophy was a " silver loving cup ", donated by the Brunswick Balke Collender Company. This decision, however, would arise with controversy. The Staleys and the All Americans each stated that they should win the award because they had more wins and were not	not	PART	beaten	VERB	 beaten
The next year in 1901, Yost was hired by Charles A. Baird as the head football coach for the Michigan Wolverines football team. On 1 January 1902, Yost's dominating 1901 Michigan Wolverines football team agreed to play a 3 – 1 – 2 team from Stanford	Stanford	PROPN	University	PROPN	 University
" Regional Holiday Music " received mostly positive reviews from critics, many of whom pleaded for the show to return. BuddyTV placed it # 17 in its list of 50 best TV episodes of 2011, calling the songs the " best original songs TV has heard in	in	ADP	a	DET	 a
Born in Mackay, Queensland, Mellor grew up in Scotland, Australia and South Africa before undertaking tertiary studies at North Adelaide School of Art, the Australian National University (ANU) and Birmingham Institute of Art and Design. He then took up a post lecturing at	at	ADP	Sydney	PROPN	 Sydney
In September 1942, Wilson became chief of staff of Major General George Kenney's Allied Air Forces, Southwest Pacific Area and Fifth Air Force. Kenney had specifically requested General Henry Arnold to send Wilson to replace his chief of staff, Air Vice Marshal William Bostock,	,	PUNCT	an	DET	 an
He viewed his illness with dismay, crying " To think I should have such a horrid disgusting illness... I had so hoped to have been of use to my country. " He received conflicting medical advice regarding treatment. In Germany, Doctor Ernst von Bergmann proposed	proposed	VERB	to	PART	 to
" " Tennis Court " was well received by critics, who complimented the song's production and musical style. The single garnered success in Oceania, peaking at number one on the New Zealand singles chart and entering the top thirty chart in Australia. In Europe,	,	PUNCT	it	PRON	 it
The rest of Dement's company attempted to rescue the outmatched militia men but were unable to beat back the native warriors. Black Hawk's band attacked the militia men, again forcing the beleaguered force to fall back to the Kellogg cabin and barn. As the militia	militia	NOUN	fell	VERB	 fell
Even with the ban, and early indications of its efficacy, predictions warned that several generations would pass before full recovery. With one tenth the ODP of CFCs, hydrochlorofluorocarbons (HCFCs) are the current replacements, and are themselves scheduled for substitution by 2030 – 2040	2040	NUM	by	ADP	 by
He has also commented that his first impression of the character was that of " a serious guy dedicated to his training ", but he later appreciated the pain Sasuke suffered and where it came from. Several pieces of merchandise have been released in Sasuke's likeness,	,	PUNCT	including	VERB	 including
It premiered on the Fox network on September 19, 1997. The episode was written by Glen Morgan and James Wong, and directed by Thomas J. Wright. " The Beginning and the End " featured a guest appearance by Doug Hutchison as the Polaroid Man. In	In	ADP	this	DET	 this
Such techniques include PET and fMRI. These techniques provide high spatial resolution, allowing researchers to pinpoint the location of activity within the brain; temporal resolution (or information about the timing of brain activity), on the other hand, is poor, since the BOLD	BOLD	ADJ	response	NOUN	 response
While away, Sharon becomes suicidal; Case explained that Sharon's life had fallen apart and she left town to commit suicide, drinking herself into " a complete stupor ". Travelling to Denver, she meets (and has an affair with) businessman Cameron Kirsten (	(	PUNCT	Linden	PROPN	Linden
By 1989 there had been calls for the creation of an International Park for Mont Blanc. In June 2000 France did add the Mont Blanc Massif to UNESCO's Tentative List, which is a first step to formal nomination for World Heritage Site status. This was followed	followed	VERB	in	ADP	 in
After " When You Believe " was written, Babyface added additional instrumentation, as well as a final bridge. The song is set in signature common time. Houston's verses and chorus are written in the key of B minor and features a basic chord progression of	of	ADP	A	PROPN	 A
South of Moose on the Moose – Wilson Road, the Laurance S. Rockefeller Preserve Center is located on land that was privately owned by Laurance S. Rockefeller and is situated on Phelps Lake. Donated to Grand Teton National Park and opened to the public in 2008, the	the	DET	property	NOUN	 property
Her performance was well received by critics. Roger Ebert of Chicago Sun Times commented that Adams was " fresh and winning, " Wesley Morris of The Boston Globe stated that she " demonstrates a real performer's ingenuity for comic timing and physical eloquence. " She garnered	garnered	VERB	a	DET	 a
From the trade overseas and over land, the Chinese acquired peaches from Samarkand, date palms, pistachios, and figs from Greater Iran, pine nuts and ginseng roots from Korea and mangoes from Southeast Asia. In China, there was a great demand for sugar;	;	PUNCT	during	ADP	 during
Experimental high definition television (HDTV) broadcasting began in Zagreb in March 2007; it was expanded to Split, Rijeka and Osijek in 2008. Experimental HDTV broadcasting ended in February 2011. There were two experimental HDTV channels, operated by Croatian Radiotelevision and Nova TV.	.	PUNCT	Pursuant	ADJ	 Pursuant
The remains of these hydraulic systems have given historians a picture of the prevailing surface water distribution methods in use at that time in the semiarid regions of South India. Contemporary records and notes of foreign travelers describe how huge tanks were constructed by labourers. Excavations have uncovered	uncovered	VERB	the	DET	 the
It was included on the set list of her debut tour, The Labyrinth (2010). " I Got You " was written by Arnthor Birgisson, Max Martin and Savan Kotecha for Lewis's second studio album, Echo (2009). Production of the song	song	NOUN	was	AUX	 was
Plans were developed, and in 1983 the Ministry of Transport and Communications recommended that Øyrane be closed and replaced with an all new airport at Bringeland. Construction started in 1985 and the new airport opened on 31 August 1986, taking over all scheduled traffic. The helicopter	helicopter	NOUN	operator	NOUN	 operator
On December 29, 1919, his 89th birthday, he began work on another book, Seventy Years of Progress in Washington, which was published to favorable reviews. In association with Dr. Howard R. Driggs, a professor of English education at the University of Utah and	and	CCONJ	later	ADV	 later
For a long time, archaea were seen as extremophiles that only exist in extreme habitats such as hot springs and salt lakes. However, as new habitats were studied, more organisms were discovered. Extreme halophilic and hyperthermophilic microbes were also included in the Archaea. By	By	ADP	the	DET	 the
Sarcoscypha occidentalis is frequently confused with S. coccinea, but is distinguished macroscopically from this species by its smaller fruit bodies, smaller spores, and less hairy exterior. The two also differ in seasonal and geographic distribution: S. coccinea fruits earlier in the year, and is	is	AUX	distributed	VERB	 distributed
Confirmation, then, is necessary for the completion of baptismal grace. When confirmed, Catholics receive the " special outpouring of the Holy Spirit as once granted to the apostles on the day of Pentecost ". For the confirmand it increases the seven gifts of the Holy	Holy	PROPN	Spirit	PROPN	 Spirit
Reviewers praised the fight scenes between the CG generated karas and mikuras, declaring them realistic, tasteful and stunning. DVD Talk, however, complained the camera jerked and moved all over the place never showing fights cleanly. Mania stated the fights in the later half failed	failed	VERB	to	PART	 to
Mulder is a believer in the paranormal. The skeptical Scully was initially assigned to debunk his work, but the two have developed a deep friendship. In this episode, a series of coincidences lead Scully to meet Dr. Daniel Waterston (Nicolas Surovy), a married	married	ADJ	man	NOUN	 man
In the end, Romanek and Michael Keeling, the lighting designer, opted to use Chris Martin's vocal track to animate " because it had such dynamics. Roughly 75% of the video is driven by voice activated animation ", said Keeling. The video opens	opens	VERB	in	ADP	 in
They simply go wild and allow regular childhood adventures turn into comedic epics, very over the top, but still linked to the way that kids act and react to strange situations. " While calling it a " gem " and of " entertaining nature ", he	he	PRON	criticized	VERB	 criticized
However, the earliest unambiguous evidence of their use appears in the painting Allegory of Good Government, by Ambrogio Lorenzetti, from 1338. From the 15th century onwards, hourglasses were used in a wide range of applications at sea, in churches, in industry, and	and	CCONJ	in	ADP	 in
Chan, Helena H [ui-] M [eng] (1995), " The Legislature ", The Legal System of Singapore, Singapore: Butterworths Asia, pp. 30 – 40, ISBN 978 0 409 99789 7. The Parliament of the Republic of	of	ADP	Singapore	PROPN	 Singapore
Due to the fact that this discovery came during the Cold War, Seaborg had to request permission of the government of the United States to propose that the element be named for a Russian, but it was granted. The name " mendelevium " was accepted by the	the	DET	International	PROPN	 International
His questioners in Waco reported that he denied complicity in Fryer's death, but offered contradictory details about his actions. Rumors spread after his arrest that he had been in an altercation with a white man a few days before the murder. On May 9, Fleming	Fleming	PROPN	took	VERB	 took
The defeat of the amendment left McGovern embittered and somewhat more radicalized. He accused Vice President of South Vietnam Nguyen Cao Ky of running a heroin trafficking operation that was addicting American soldiers. In a retort to the powerful Senate Armed Services Committee chair John Stennis ' suggestion	suggestion	NOUN	that	SCONJ	 that
In Carroll v. United States (1925), the Supreme Court stated that probable cause to search is a flexible, common sense standard. To that end, the Court ruled in Dumbra v. United States (1925) that the term probable cause means " less than	than	ADP	evidence	NOUN	 evidence
Curtis, inspired by the fact that Van Gogh never knew he would be famous, had the idea for an episode centred on him. He left the script open to criticism from the crew and made many revisions as a result. Curtis wanted to portray Van Gogh	Gogh	PROPN	truthfully	ADV	 truthfully
" Now Is the Time " (Emile) was placed in the beach scene (Act I, Scene 7) just after Emile tells Nellie why he killed the man in France. It was to be reprised after " You've Got to Be Carefully Taught "	"	PUNCT	,	PUNCT	,
He added four points in four playoff games as the Battalion were eliminated by the Barrie Colts in the first round. In his second season with Brampton, Hodgson improved to 85 points in 68 games, second in team scoring, behind centre John Hughes. He was	was	AUX	chosen	VERB	 chosen
I think that may have helped in the audition and it has certainly helped sustain such a long run with one character. " She also stated that she enjoyed cursing on television, but found it hard to stop it creeping into her real life. In June 2006	2006	NUM	Geoff	PROPN	 Geoff
Four bas relief panels over the main entrance by sculptor Hermon Atkins MacNeil show different scenes from Marquette's trip through the Great Lakes region, ending with one depicting his burial. The revolving door panels feature carvings of panther's heads. The hexagonal railing around the lobby	lobby	NOUN	atrium	NOUN	 atrium
Minute (0.5 – 1.5 mm in diameter) cephalodia — pockets of cyanobacteria — are often present on the lower surface of the thallus; these spots are conspicuously darker than the green surface of the thallus. Like other foliose lichens, the thallus is only loosely attached	attached	VERB	to	ADP	 to
Smaller airports could be built and operated at lower costs than larger airports, but both airports and airlines would need subsidies to operate. Håkon Kyllingmark was appointed Minister of Transport and Communications in 1965 and was a proponent of the STOLport proposal. The political rationale was that	that	SCONJ	,	PUNCT	,
There's a lot of madness in the world around us, and I want people to be happy. " She started to work with Mirwais Ahmadzaï with whom she had previously developed her eighth album Music (2000). However, that collaboration did not suit Madonna	Madonna	PROPN	's	PART	's
In April, Japan refused to sign the treaty; shortly thereafter, the United States Navy announced it would arm the new North Carolina class battleships with 40.6 cm guns. Admiral Werner Fuchs, responsible for the staff section in the OKM that determined the operating requirements for	for	ADP	the	DET	 the
She was also noted, alongside One, as being the only Intoner who had no real need for a disciple. In a final note, he said that he only felt comfortable with Zero during the game's fourth branch, where her motives were revealed. Anime	Anime	PROPN	News	PROPN	 News
Over the next several days, other Rosewood residents fled to Wright's house, facilitated by Sheriff Walker, who asked Wright to transport as many residents out of town as possible. Lee Ruth Davis, her sister, and two brothers were hidden by the Wrights while	while	SCONJ	their	PRON	 their
Although the species called " stormy petrel " in English is not one of those to which the burevestnik name is applied in Russian (it, in fact, is known in Russian as an entirely un romantic kachurka), the English translators uniformly used the " stormy	stormy	ADJ	petrel	NOUN	 petrel
The second of two TV remakes, the computer animated Thunderbirds Are Go, premiered in 2015. Widely considered to be the Andersons ' most popular and commercially successful series, Thunderbirds has received particular praise for its effects (directed by Derek Meddings) and musical score (	(	PUNCT	composed	VERB	composed
" VanDerWerff later awarded the episode an " A – " and praised — in addition to its refreshing take on the alien mythology — the episode's location, noting that the oil rig's " isolation and man made island status, was definitely the sort of place	place	NOUN	that	PRON	 that
On a reconnaissance the next day, MacArthur was gassed again, earning a second Wound Chevron. The 42nd Division's participation in the Meuse Argonne Offensive began on 14 October when it attacked with both brigades. That evening, a conference was called to discuss the attack	attack	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
Shoup joined the Business Executives Move for Vietnam Peace. By 1971, Shoup publicly endorsed the anti war veteran group Vietnam Veterans Against the War. As Vietnamization had reduced the visibility of the anti war movement, and Shoup's criticism was not as prominent in the public	public	ADJ	arena	NOUN	 arena
She eventually began to accept more mature roles in 2012. Her first adult roles were Emma Jean, a high priced escort in the drama series Sons of Anarchy (2012), and Jody Sanders, a mother of three children in the feature film Scary Movie 5	5	NUM	(	PUNCT	 (
Played by Darren Criss, Blaine was introduced in the sixth episode of the second season as the openly gay lead singer of the Dalton Academy Warblers, a rival show choir to New Directions, the show's primary musical group. Blaine initially served as a mentor for	for	ADP	New	PROPN	 New
Fossil fuel reserves are abundant, and will not limit carbon emissions in the 21st century. Emission scenarios, combined with modelling of the carbon cycle, have been used to produce estimates of how atmospheric concentrations of greenhouse gases might change in the future. Using the six	six	NUM	IPCC	PROPN	 IPCC
Such rituals coexisted with private offerings and prayers, and all three were accepted means of obtaining divine help. Prayer and private offerings are generally called " personal piety ": acts that reflect a close relationship between an individual and a god. Evidence of personal piety is	is	AUX	scant	ADJ	 scant
Late summer and fall extratropical cyclones bring a majority of the precipitation which falls across western, southern, and southeast Alaska annually. During the winter, and spring, Pacific storm systems bring Hawaii and the western United States most of their precipitation. Nor ' easters moving	moving	VERB	down	ADP	 down
During the large Middle Pleistocene glaciations, surface runoff from glacial meltwaters would have fed directly into the river channel network because much of the upland limestone terrain was covered by ice, and many conduits in the karst would have been choked with sediment or permanently frozen. As	As	ADP	a	DET	 a
Glennon's attempt at a Hail Mary pass fell short, giving Georgia the win with a final score of 31 – 24. The 18 point comeback was the largest for Georgia under coach Mark Richt up to that point. In recognition of their performances during the game	game	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
Quwaytin's son and successor Rida also entered into Ottoman service and held the title of agha like Aqil. In the early 20th century, Rida Agha held the equivalent rank of a lieutenant and served as commander of police in the Balqa Sanjak in Transjordan. For nearly	nearly	ADV	two	NUM	 two
Baltimore residents referred to the father and son as " The Old General " and " The Young General. " The elder Steuart inherited approximately 2,000 acres (8.1 km2) of land in around 1842, including a farm at Mount Steuart, and around 150 slaves,	,	PUNCT	a	DET	 a
She ’ s fighting to reach a training target. She never gives up. ” Her hard work paid off. Not only did she earn national team selection, but on 24 May 2105 she won silver in the women's KL1 200 m race at the 2015	2015	NUM	ICF	PROPN	 ICF
This discontent flared into the 1715 Yamasee War that posed a major threat to South Carolina's viability. The loss of population in the Spanish territories contributed to the 1732 founding of the Province of Georgia, which was, like Carolina, granted on territory Spain had originally	originally	ADV	claimed	VERB	 claimed
Despite falling behind early in the contest, they took the lead in the second half and pulled away to win 68 – 58. Spivey played an important role in the victory, scoring 22 points and pulling down 21 rebounds. Rupp said after the game that "	"	PUNCT	Spivey	PROPN	 Spivey
Its name has become recognizable enough to be name dropped on sitcoms (Malcolm in the Middle and Married... With Children), found in movies (Christian Slater plays MK4 in Very Bad Things), and used as part of cultural studies (see Justine Cassell and	and	CCONJ	Henry	PROPN	 Henry
" In 2012 Capuano along with fellow Massachusetts Congressman Barney Frank introduced legislation to combine the Securities and Exchange Commission and Commodity Futures Trading Commission into the " Securities and Derivatives Commission. " Capuano ran for Massachusetts Secretary of the Commonwealth in the 1994 election, running against former	former	ADJ	State	PROPN	 State
And: - The distance from Paso de Patria [the invasion point] to Humaitá is only seven leagues by land, and whatever be the difficulties of the terrain, the short distance, time and the ability to hit the enemy with the ironclads will compensate for	for	ADP	it	PRON	 it
Jedd Rosche of The Maneater deemed it as one of the standout tracks of Blackout along with " Ooh Ooh Baby. " Nekesa Mumbi Moody of USA Today called it " a sexy techno groove that you can't help but bounce to. " Theon Weber of The	The	DET	Village	PROPN	 Village
She was asked to portray Lightning's strength and to betray the character's hidden vulnerabilities. She initially found it strange to voice Lightning, as she was used to gentler roles such as Aerith Gainsborough, a central character in Final Fantasy VII and its companion media.	.	PUNCT	Commenting	VERB	 Commenting
As a result of the study, during the March 2008 primaries, paper ballots were supposed to be available at all polling places for voters who preferred them. The paper ballots also served as a backup for machine failures. Brunner mandated a paper ballot election for the	the	DET	November	PROPN	 November
It can be very difficult to eradicate, however. Means of eradication can be physical, thermal, managerial, biological or chemical. A combination of several of these can be most effective, though they must of course be compatible. All have some positive and negative	negative	ADJ	aspects	NOUN	 aspects
They were married in a Roman Catholic ceremony on February 26, 1952, before which Stafford converted to Catholicism. The wedding was conducted at St Gregory's Catholic Church in Los Angeles by Father Joe Kearney, a former guitarist with the Bob Crosby band who left the	the	DET	music	NOUN	 music
This became known as English spacing, and marked a divergence from French typists, who continued to use French spacing. In the early 20th century, some printers began using one and a half interword spaces (an " en quad ") to separate sentences. This	This	DET	standard	NOUN	 standard
Audiences can also ironically latch on to offensive themes, such as misogyny, using these films as catharsis for the things that they hate most in life. Exploitative, transgressive elements can be pushed to excessive extremes for both humor and satire. Frank Henenlotter faced censorship and	and	CCONJ	ridicule	NOUN	 ridicule
No major damage was recorded on the island, though the winds blew down a few trees and powerlines. The heavy rainfall, peaking at 4.57 in (116 mm), ended a three month drought in Bermuda. Although Alice tracked through Atlantic Canada, no impact	impact	NOUN	was	AUX	 was
His participation was, " fundamental to the credibility of the enterprise ". Chappell devised the list of Australian players to be signed, and was involved in the organisation and marketing of WSC. His central role was the result of, " years of personal disaffection with	with	ADP	cricket	NOUN	 cricket
Production of the movie started when Tales of Vesperia was still in plot stage. The team discarded the idea of making an adaptation of the game due to its large length. The team was also against making a sequel or a sidestory due to the required time consuming	consuming	VERB	character	NOUN	 character
About 850,000 – 1,000,000 of all described species are insects. Of the 24 orders of insects, four dominate in terms of numbers of described species, with at least 3 million species included in Coleoptera, Diptera, Hymenoptera and Lepidoptera. A recent study estimated the number	number	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
The blast caused by a sudden release of the gas pressure inside a diving cylinder makes them very dangerous if mismanaged. The greatest risk of explosion exists while filling, but cylinders have also been known to burst when overheated. The cause of failure can range from reduced	reduced	ADJ	wall	PROPN	 wall
Since Maryland is moving out of the ACC and into the Big Ten, the future of this series is in question. Main Article: Maryland West Virginia football rivalry West Virginia has often been called Maryland's biggest rival, and the teams have met 51 times since	since	SCONJ	their	PRON	 their
On 12 July 1925, a 660 volt third rail system came into operation on both routes through Herne Hill, from Victoria to Orpington on the Chatham Main Line and along the entire length of the City Branch. Electric trains ran every 20 minutes on both routes during	during	ADP	the	DET	 the
" In My Own Backyard ", the last release from Honky Tonk Attitude, reached number nineteen on the country charts. Diffie told the Fort Worth Star Telegram that the album was " a little rowdier than the first two. " Nash rated the album more favorably	favorably	ADV	than	ADP	 than
Lissitzky and the entire group chose to share credit and responsibility for the works produced within the group, signing most pieces with a black square. This was partly a homage to a similar piece by their leader, Malevich, and a symbolic embrace of the Communist ideal	ideal	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
Many analysts of the day regarded Amin's appointment as Prime Minister as an increase in his powers at the expense of Taraki. However, the reorganisation of the cabinet and the strengthening of Taraki's position as Chairman of the Revolutionary Council, had reduced the authority of	of	ADP	the	DET	 the
By 2006, astronomers had resolved dust discs thought to be Kuiper belt like structures around nine stars other than the Sun. They appear to fall into two categories: wide belts, with radii of over 50 AU, and narrow belts (tentatively like that of the	the	DET	Solar	PROPN	 Solar
The alarm pheromone and other defensive chemicals are secreted from the frontal gland. Trail pheromones are secreted from the sternal gland, and sex pheromones derive from two glandular sources: the sternal and tergal glands. When termites go out to look for food, they forage in	in	ADP	columns	NOUN	 columns
Lewis's arguments are presented as emanating exclusively from the scholar's apolitical impartiality, whereas, at the same time, he has become an authority drawn on for anti – Islamic, anti – Arab, Zionist, and Cold War crusades, all of them underwritten by	by	ADP	a	DET	 a
Whenever the ratio of an object's mass to its radius becomes sufficiently large, general relativity predicts the formation of a black hole, a region of space from which nothing, not even light, can escape. In the currently accepted models of stellar evolution, neutron	neutron	NOUN	stars	NOUN	 stars
Christgau, the poll's creator and supervisor, named it third best, and in a decade end list for The Village Voice, he named it the fourth best album of the 1970s. Los Angeles Times critic Richard Cromelin included it in his list of favorite records	records	NOUN	from	ADP	 from
However, he criticized the lyrical content, as well as Ware's involvement in songwriting, stating " was it Ware who instructed Marvin to eliminate all depth and power from his voice? I mean, if you're into insisting on sex it's in bad taste	taste	NOUN	to	PART	 to
Regardless of the causes of the Breeders ' hiatus, by early 1995 Deal believed her next album would be a solo one, and at first intended to play all instruments on it herself. Back at her home in Dayton, Ohio, she practiced the drums and	and	CCONJ	initially	ADV	 initially
Hand to hand fighting followed with the Americans swinging their muskets and rifles like clubs to save their own lives. Many of the Americans who surrendered were bayoneted by the Hessians. Sullivan, despite the chaos, managed to evacuate most of his men to Brooklyn Heights though	though	SCONJ	he	PRON	 he
Later, the cyclone's rainfall set daily precipitation records in Northern Territory. However, the winds caused the most damage, with gusts estimated as high as 230 km / h (145 mph). The highest gust was 170 km / h (110 mph)	)	PUNCT	at	ADP	 at
The storm killed at least 400 people in Haiti before striking the United States near the border between North and South Carolina, as a Category 4 hurricane. After causing 95 fatalities in the US, Hazel struck Canada as an extratropical storm, raising the death toll by	by	ADP	81	NUM	 81
The song has also charted in the United Kingdom and its R & B chart. The song's accompanying music video features Drake reflecting on an experience, and the struggle between his old life and the new. Several artists have made a freestyle over the track,	,	PUNCT	including	VERB	 including
" Now workers can be timed, " Franklin writes, " assignments can be broken up, and the interaction between the operators can be monitored. " Franklin extends the distinction between work and control related technologies to the larger concept of holistic and prescriptive ones. This	This	PRON	enables	VERB	 enables
The policies worked in the 1950ss precisely because the real income growth was there to support them. Cowen argues that the failure to recognize the stagnation has led to poor policy ideas from the right (such as " revenue generating tax cuts ") and the left (	(	PUNCT	redistribution	NOUN	redistribution
With fewer than 800 people on the island at any time, facilities are limited; they include a bakery, butcher, general store, liquor store, restaurants, post office, museum and information centre, a police officer, a ranger, and an ATM at	at	ADP	the	DET	 the
The IRA's reaction appeared in the 29 April edition of An Phoblacht, highlighting how the bombers exploited a security loophole after " having spotted a breach in the usually tight security around the City ". There was also a message from the IRA leadership, calling for	for	ADP	"	PUNCT	 "
The track was her debut single from her three album deal with Interscope Records. Along with the announcement Madonna revealed the cover art for the single. It depicted three black and white images of the singer side by side, making faces and posing, while wearing a	a	DET	tshirt	NOUN	 tshirt
Ultimately, however, she chooses to return to her polygamous relationship with Abdul Moelan, an affirmation of tradition over modernism. In opposition to Siti Akbari, the trader Safi Oedin refuses to live in accordance with the local customs while he is in a foreign land and	and	CCONJ	ultimately	ADV	 ultimately
The city's Music and Entertainment division had initially denied permission to Gaga for playing inside the venue citing that it was for " public safety concerns ". Don Pitts from the division said that the venue being in close proximity with a parking lot was the reason they	they	PRON	had	VERB	 had
Nonviolent Communication holds that most conflicts between individuals or groups arise from miscommunication about their human needs, due to coercive or manipulative language that aims to induce fear, guilt, shame, etc. These " violent " modes of communication, when used during a conflict,	,	PUNCT	divert	VERB	 divert
The first incident involving the brigade came on 14 November 1945, when the Jewish National Council called for a 12 hour strike, which resulted in rioting in Tel Aviv. By 18: 15 the Palestine Police Force was unable to cope and sent for reinforcements from the	the	DET	8th	ADJ	 8th
Plankton and Krabs begin arguing about the story, until Karen arrives and tells the real story. In the story, the restaurant initially has no customers, and Old Man Jenkins, an elderly resident and an old friend of Krab's family, is the first to	to	PART	try	VERB	 try
Other genes responsible for all possible patterns labeled " Sabino " have not yet been identified, though some forms of the splashed white gene may be responsible for certain patterns. In 2007, researchers from Switzerland and the United States published a paper identifying the genetic cause of	of	ADP	dominant	ADJ	 dominant
Wallace declined to be included in the anthology but the two became friends, exchanging many letters over the years. Wallace eventually ghostwrote Griswold's Napoleon and the Marshals of the Empire (1847). Prose Writers of America, published in 1847, was prepared specifically to	to	PART	compete	VERB	 compete
Another album entitled, The City of Soundsville, features electronica style character themes and also did well with critics. The third album, entitled Power Pop, features a more teen oriented variety of pop songs. The album was considered a " big disappointment " and not	not	PART	received	VERB	 received
It is unknown, but possibly due to damage, the name Hazen was retired and was later replaced by Hal, which was first used in the 1985 season. This table will list all the storms that developed in the northwestern Pacific Ocean west of the International Date	Date	PROPN	Line	PROPN	 Line
To prevent the making of copies of the medal, Brigadier General George Gillespie, Jr., a Medal of Honor recipient from the Civil War, applied for and obtained a patent for the new design. General Gillespie received the patent on November 22, 1904, and	and	CCONJ	he	PRON	 he
Bradman leg glanced the next one for another boundary, before again failing to read a googly on the third ball. This time the edge went to Crapp, who failed to hold on. The sixth ball of Compton's over beat Bradman and hit him on the	the	DET	pads	NOUN	 pads
Pallabi Chakravorty, a Kathak dancer and a professor in the Department of Music and Dance at Swarthmore College, US, and Scott Kugle told in the seminar " Mad and divine women " that Mah Laqa Bai, besides being an aristocratic courtesan, was a devoted mystic	mystic	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
Webber lives in Aston Clinton, Buckinghamshire, England with partner Ann Neal and her grown up son from a previous relationship, Luke Barrett. Outside motorsport, Webber enjoys " most outdoor pursuits " including road cycling, mountain biking, tennis and fitness training. He has	has	AUX	won	VERB	 won
" Gillian Flynn of Entertainment Weekly named Arrested Development the best television show of 2005 and said in her review that " As oddball as Arrested is, it's also humane. A flawless cast — from Will Arnett's breathy, bombastic Gob to Jessica Walter's boozy	boozy	PROPN	Lucille	PROPN	 Lucille
While she was in hospital, the last book that she completed unaided, English Bread and Yeast Cookery (1977), was published. Its scholarship won high praise, and The Times Literary Supplement suggested that a copy of the book should be given to every marrying	marrying	VERB	couple	NOUN	 couple
" Coming into his freshman year on the 2012 – 13 team, Dunham was named to the Preseason All Atlantic 10 Rookie Team. Dunham began practicing basketball drills late at night thanks to senior Rotnei Clarke, and the two became fast friends. In his first college	college	NOUN	basketball	NOUN	 basketball
Live performances from Times Square became a regular feature during future editions of New Year's Rockin ' Eve. During the program, Clark made limited on air appearances, but still conducted his traditional countdown, and also recollected on his recent experiences: Public curiosity over Clark	Clark	PROPN	's	PART	's
Both studies noted that the set of species in Walcott's Phyllopod Bed (Conway Morris, 1986) and its expanded version the Greater Phyllopod Bed (Caron and Jackson, 2008) was different from those found in other parts of the Burgess Shale; and Conway Morris	Morris	PROPN	commented	VERB	 commented
As detected by the British, repairs to Tirpitz following Operation Tungsten progressed quickly. Work on repairing the battleship began in late April, and 157 shipyard workers and special equipment were transported from Kiel in Germany to Kaafjord to accelerate the project. Assisted by the long hours	hours	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
In recent years, the profile of atheism has risen substantially in the Arab world. In major cities across the region, such as Cairo, atheists have been organizing in cafés and social media, despite regular crackdowns from authoritarian governments. A 2012 poll by Gallup International	International	PROPN	revealed	VERB	 revealed
They presented the previous case of Vitantonio Liuzzi at the 2007 Japanese Grand Prix, specifically the FIA's claim that the presiding chief steward at the race, Tony Scott Andrews, had admitted fault in awarding the penalty to Liuzzi. Andrews denied the FIA's allegation.	.	PUNCT	McLaren	PROPN	 McLaren
The last of these relegations came during the 2008 – 09 season, when 30 points were docked from Luton's record for various financial irregularities. Luton thereafter spent five seasons in non League football before winning the Conference Premier in 2013 – 14, securing promotion back into	into	ADP	the	DET	 the
She enters the library and climbs the dilapidated spiral staircase. Once she reaches the top, Grace appears unexpectedly at a trap door and the startled Eleanor nearly falls to her death. Markway rescues Eleanor but just misses seeing Grace, who has disappeared back into the house	house	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
From her husband's estate, Hilda Barnes mother was able to purchase and renovate real estate in Stanmore and Leichhardt, New South Wales, to let or sell. Later in life, Barnes would recount how, as a child, he used to collect the rents	rents	NOUN	for	ADP	 for
As airstrips were submerged and heavily damaged, relief workers were limited in their ability to quickly help affected residents. Damage in the Bahamas totaled about $120.6 million. Offshore, the American cargo ship El Faro and her 33 crew members were lost to the hurricane.	.	PUNCT	Coastal	ADJ	 Coastal
Starting from the mid 1990s for four years, McCartney was involved in The Beatles Anthology, a documentary on the history of the Beatles. The documentary was originally titled The Long and Winding Road, named after McCartney's song of the same name. During 1995,	,	PUNCT	as	SCONJ	 as
Lombard appeared in five films throughout 1931, beginning with the Frank Tuttle comedy It Pays to Advertise. Her next two films, Man of the World and Ladies Man, both featured William Powell, Paramount's top male star. Lombard had been a fan of the	the	DET	actor	NOUN	 actor
Asif subsequently released Mughal e Azam partially coloured, although he still hoped to see the full film in colour. By the end of filming, more than a million feet of negative had been used, necessitating significant editing. A number of songs were edited out owing	owing	VERB	to	ADP	 to
In the United Kingdom, Carey performed " My All " and " Honey " on the Des O'Connor Show and Top of the Pops. In Germany, she sang " Butterfly " on Wetten, dass..? and performed on Japanese television. Originally, Carey had	had	AUX	not	PART	 not
Due to its declination of roughly − 17°, Sirius is a circumpolar star from latitudes south of 73° S. From the Southern Hemisphere in early July, Sirius can be seen in both the evening where it sets after the Sun, and in the morning where	where	SCONJ	it	PRON	 it
All tissues of the fungus turn bright red if a drop of dilute potassium hydroxide is applied. Fresh fruit bodies retain considerable moisture and can be squeezed of liquid like a sponge. The fruit body can be readily removed in large sheets from the wood it grows on	on	ADP	.	PUNCT	.
The hospice derived its name from Saint Pelagia, a 5th century reformed courtesan who chose to martyr herself rather than be raped by soldiers, to whom the Hospice was blessed and dedicated by Bishop Bourget shortly after its inception. Early on, conditions in the hospice were	were	AUX	rudimentary	ADJ	 rudimentary
The same prohibition is applicable to all the Chinese Catholics who, as officials, have recently arrived at their posts or who, as students, have recently passed the metropolitan, provincial, or prefectural examinations. IV. No Chinese Catholics are allowed to worship ancestors in	in	ADP	their	PRON	 their
All are voiceless versions of consonants that, in most languages, are always voiced. E allows syllabic consonants and diphthongs. Like most Southeast Asian languages, including Tai and the varieties of Chinese, E is tonal. The language is described as having seven tones,	,	PUNCT	with	ADP	 with
The player uses a point and click interface to interact with the game; for example, clicking on the ground moves the selected player character, and clicking on a passive non player character (NPC) will initiate dialogue. When conversations occur, the game presents multiple	multiple	ADJ	dialogue	NOUN	 dialogue
An exhumation reveals that Donald did not die of cancer, as Faye insisted, but of arsenic poisoning. Joseph remains suspicious, but supports Faye as their relationship continues to develop. When Faye has a pregnancy scare, he proposes to her, and insists that he	he	PRON	meant	VERB	 meant
The Breakers had a regional hit with " Don't Bring Me No Flowers (I Ain't Dead Yet) ", which went to # 1 on the local charts. The Escapades recorded " I Tell No Lies " and " Mad, Mad, Mad "	"	PUNCT	.	PUNCT	.
" On December 24, 1863, a notice was placed in the Savannah Republican by one Carrie Bell Sinclair, president of the local Ladies ' Knitting Society, stating: Having received from the Quartermaster General a large supply of knitting thread, members of the Society,	,	PUNCT	or	CCONJ	 or
Tikhonov began his political career in local industry, and worked his way up the hierarchy of Soviet industrial ministries. He was appointed deputy chairman of the Gosplan in 1963. After Alexei Kosygin's resignation Tikhonov was voted into office as Chairman of the Council of Ministers.	.	PUNCT	In	ADP	 In
George, like his brother, was educated at Eton College and then St John's College, Cambridge, graduating with an MA in 1779. It was presumably through the influence of his father, then Chancellor of the Duchy of Lancaster under the first Pitt ministry,	,	PUNCT	that	SCONJ	 that
In a brief review, Vincent Canby wrote that it was " not exactly incoherent, but whatever it originally had on its mind seems to have slipped away ". Leonard Maltin wrote that the film is " more interesting visually than Bakshi's other later films, [	[	X	...	X	...
Light infantry also commonly wore a narrow waist belt instead of the customary shoulder belt. The 52nd did not adopt the " Belgic cap " but retained the stovepipe shako throughout the Napoleonic period; it was adorned with the brass bugle badge and green plumes of the light	light	ADJ	infantry	NOUN	 infantry
After playing mostly first and third base in April, he took over from George Lombard as the Devil Rays ' right fielder for the remainder of the season on April 29. On May 3, he had the first multihomer game of his career by hitting two two	two	NUM	run	ADJ	 run
A third shadow clock, developed c. 1500 BCE, was similar in shape to a bent T square. It measured the passage of time by the shadow cast by its crossbar on a non linear rule. The T was oriented eastward in the mornings, and turned	turned	VERB	around	ADP	 around
The price of duck food rose steeply while the demand for luxury foodstuffs fell, and wartime restructuring ended the beneficial financial arrangements with the railway companies. By the end of the war small scale duck rearing in the Aylesbury Vale had vanished, with duck raising dominated by	by	ADP	a	DET	 a
The depression tracked southeastward, although further development was initially inhibited by wind shear. During the next day, the depression turned towards the southeast and moved into a more favorable environment for intensification. It was then designated as Tropical Depression 11P at 1800 UTC by the Joint	Joint	PROPN	Typhoon	PROPN	 Typhoon
A second attack, simultaneous with the crossing at Kehl, occurred at Hüningen near Basel. After crossing unopposed, Ferino advanced in a dual prong east along the German shore of the Rhine with the 16th and 50th demi brigades, the 68th and 50th and 68th line	line	NOUN	infantry	NOUN	 infantry
During the ceremony, the village chiefs also bestowed chief's titles on Murdock and Maughan and proclaimed that Cox was a reincarnation of their god, Nafanua, because like Nafanua, he did not come from Samoa and both had fought to protect the village and the forest	forest	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
Before each race, players can use money earned from previous races to buy vehicle performance upgrades and weapons, which can be used on other competitors. Upgrades and weapons include the following: motors (increased speed); tires (better turning); missiles, bombs	bombs	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
Batting at No. 5 in the next match against Oxford University, Hamence made only three as Australia made 431 and proceeded to another innings victory. The next match was against the Marylebone Cricket Club (MCC) at Lord's. The MCC fielded seven players who	who	PRON	would	AUX	 would
An expert skier, Nansen was making plans to lead the first crossing of the Greenland icecap, an objective delayed by the demands of his academic studies, but triumphantly achieved in 1888 – 89. Through these years Nansen remembered the east – west Arctic drift theory and	and	CCONJ	its	PRON	 its
Kennedy asked the Massachusetts electorate whether he should stay in office or resign; after getting a favorable response in messages sent to him, Kennedy announced on July 30 that he would remain in the Senate and run for re election the next year. In January 1970,	,	PUNCT	an	DET	 an
The name " Chobi ", came from the name of a cat at the place of Nekoi's former employment, which the group made into " Chobits ", as the characters Elda and Freya were twins. In the series, CLAMP had Chi's creator,	,	PUNCT	Ichiro	PROPN	 Ichiro
Aspirin use has been shown to increase the risk of gastrointestinal bleeding. Although some enteric coated formulations of aspirin are advertised as being " gentle to the stomach ", in one study, enteric coating did not seem to reduce this risk. Combining aspirin with other NSAIDs	NSAIDs	NOUN	has	AUX	 has
The most famous royal visit occurred in 1624, when Ben Jonson's The Masque of Owls at Kenilworth was performed for Charles. The First English Civil War broke out in 1642. During its early campaigns, Kenilworth formed a useful counterbalance to the Parliamentary stronghold of Warwick	Warwick	PROPN	.	PUNCT	.
The former stream runs southeast from the north side of Iron Mountain Mine to Spring Creek, while the latter stream drains the south side of the mine and also flows southeast into Spring Creek. South Fork Spring Creek is a small tributary that flows west and north the	the	DET	Spring	PROPN	 Spring
It was included on the live DVD, released on March 12, 2008. The song was performed on her Power of Music tour (2011) in Japan, where it was included in the trilogy segment with " Vogue " and " Far Away ". It	It	PRON	was	AUX	 was
Overall, panel painters enjoyed the highest level of protection, with cloth painters ranking below. Membership of a guild was highly restricted and access was difficult for newcomers. A master was expected to serve an apprenticeship in his region, and show proof of citizenship, which	which	PRON	could	AUX	 could
Although Shelley drew on Murray's famous handbooks and other guidebooks, she specifically attempted to differentiate her work from these. While Murray's guidebooks, for example, were generally apolitical, Shelley argues in the preface to Rambles that the uniqueness of her work is in its	its	PRON	portrayal	NOUN	 portrayal
Flights to Singapore were launched in December 2013 (2013 12). A new link to Shanghai was launched in March 2014 (2014 03), while new services to Vienna started in June 2014 (2014 06) and to Doha in December the same year.	.	PUNCT	Tokyo	PROPN	 Tokyo
One of the leaders, who had heard Elizabeth play, requested that she performed with them. Before the age of two, she joined the troupe at Wrexham theatre to play Ar hyd y nos and The Downfall of Paris. There, she played her pieces with	with	ADP	an	DET	 an
Martin said that he does not understand the criticism against Scully and that he thinks the criticism " bothered [Scully], and still bothers him, but he managed to not get worked up over it. " Ortved noted in his book that it is hard to	to	PART	tell	VERB	 tell
Each year on May 10, the people of Springfield drive snakes to the center of town and beat them to death. The tradition appalls Lisa, who finds no support from any of the adults of the town, including Reverend Lovejoy who lies about Whacking Day being	being	AUX	supported	VERB	 supported
There is a mandap in the foreground of the temple of 5.1 metres (17 ft) x 6 metres (20 ft) size with an agni kund or fire pit in the centre and a gable roof covered with slates. The mandapa has carvings in wood in	in	ADP	its	PRON	 its
However, after making six errors during the spring, he was deemed unready for Major League action and sent to minor league camp on April 1. He spent most of the season with the Triple A International League Syracuse Chiefs, hitting.264 with six home runs, 39	39	NUM	RBI	NOUN	 RBI
On September 18, the convection began contracting and organizing, gradually developing a circular area of thunderstorms with well defined outflow. It is estimated that at 0000 UTC on September 20, the system developed into Tropical Depression Sixteen E, about 205 miles (335 km)	)	PUNCT	south	ADV	 south
The race circuit has many elevation changes, tight corners, and a narrow course that makes it one of the most demanding tracks in Formula One racing. As of 2015, two drivers have crashed and ended up in the harbour, the most famous being Alberto Ascari	Ascari	PROPN	in	ADP	 in
Originally from Brazil, Paulo is a con artist working with his American girlfriend Nikki, an actress. Paulo works as a chef for a wealthy television executive in Sydney. Nikki guest stars on the executive's show and also seduces him, which makes Paulo uncomfortable.	.	PUNCT	Paulo	PROPN	 Paulo
The grindstone was used to twist the wires together and prevent the barbs from slipping. Day to day life at the Glidden House was mostly carried out in the home's basement which contained a full kitchen, dining room, and living room. The upper floors were	were	AUX	used	VERB	 used
Lilias Barisich, who shared ownership with her brothers after their parents handed it over to them, said of the bar and her mother's operating style: " It's always been a homey place because my mom would kick people out if they acted different. She	She	PRON	'd	AUX	'd
It was formerly one of Scotland's largest and best appointed estates and was referred to as " The Blenheim of Buchan ", " The Blenheim of the North " and " The Ascot of the North " by the architectural historian Charles McKean. Scant early records exist	exist	VERB	of	ADP	 of
In a more mixed review, a critic from SonicNet stated that " Ivy specialize [s] in nebulously oriented dream pop: too ethereal for straight pop fans, too structured for the 4AD crowd ". In a divided review, Michaelangelo Matos of City Pages noted	noted	VERB	that	SCONJ	 that
He was promoted to captain for his victory, and received orders to take command of USS Chesapeake. It was not a command that he particularly wanted. He had hoped for the larger frigate USS Constitution instead. However, he had little choice in the matter as	as	SCONJ	the	DET	 the
In the interim, each year it will have a broader bill, paler face patches and brighter legs and beak. The Atlantic puffin has a direct flight, typically 10 metres (33 ft) above the sea surface and higher over the water than most other auks	auks	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
Breeck noted that they listened to the audio of the Bale diatribe and put together their tribute piece within a span of two hours before putting it online. Jacob Cooper, another drummer in the band, commented to The Arizona Daily Star that he was surprised how popular	popular	ADJ	their	PRON	 their
Sheen made two one off stage appearances in 2009; he performed a scene from Betrayal as part of a Harold Pinter tribute evening at the National Theatre and performed improvisational comedy as part of The Groundlings ' Crazy Joe Show in Los Angeles. In 2010, Sheen had	had	VERB	a	DET	 a
Continuing around the northern edge of the town, the route passes residential areas to the southwest and rural areas to the northeast before heading into a commercial district and intersecting MD 756 (Old Snow Hill Road). US 13 turns west into wooded areas before crossing the	the	DET	Pocomoke	PROPN	 Pocomoke
Clarke began Jonathan Strange in 1993 and worked on it during her spare time. For the next decade, she published short stories from the Strange universe, but it was not until 2003 that Bloomsbury bought her manuscript and began work on its publication. The novel became	became	VERB	a	DET	 a
During the 2015 South Indian floods, Madhavan worked alongside other Indian actors in coordinating the relief efforts. In 2016, Lepra India signed him to work as a goodwill ambassador in helping promote action against leprosy. Madhavan is one of the few actors in India who garners	garners	NOUN	pan	VERB	 pan
In the Atlantic, weather vessel F (" Fox ") was discontinued on September 3, 1949, and there was a change in location for ships D (" Dog ") and E (" Easy ") at the same time. Navy weather ship	ship	NOUN	J	PROPN	 J
The regiment suffered its worst casualties during the Battle of Chantilly on September 1, 1862. In the confusion of the battle, fought in thick woods during a thunderstorm, Clark became separated from his regiment and wandered the Virginia countryside for four days before finding the army	army	NOUN	again	ADV	 again
Lecrae remembers taking a BB gun and standing in the street pointing it to a car, frightening the female driver, simply for fun. At the age of 16, he started taking drugs, fighting, was arrested in high school for stealing, and eventually ended	ended	VERB	up	ADP	 up
Born in Newton Heath, Manchester, Wallwork attended The Football Association's School of Excellence at Lilleshall as a teenager. A lifelong Manchester United supporter, he joined the club as an apprentice in April 1993, following a spell playing Sunday league football. Wallwork signed his	his	PRON	first	ADJ	 first
Sheridan – whose real name was Patricia Douglas – opened an alternative therapy centre in Islington, North London, in the 1980s, before retiring to Rye, East Sussex in 2002, where she continued running the OMS correspondence course until her death in 2011. According to	to	ADP	her	PRON	 her
The Borodinos were derived from the design of Tsesarevich, enlarged to suit Russian equipment, but with significantly thinner armor to reduce weight. Oryol was 397 feet (121.0 m) long overall, had a beam of 76 feet 1 inch (23.19 m) and a	a	DET	draft	NOUN	 draft
Kitab al Manazil wa'l Diyar, ed. M. Hijazi. Cairo: Al Majlis al A'la li l Shu ' un al Islamiyya, 1968. Kitab al- ' Asa, ed. Hassan Abbas. Alexandria: Al Hay ' at al Misriyya al- ' Amma li l	l	PROPN	Kitab	PROPN	 Kitab
Together with the title of " Baron of Inchdrewer " the castle ruins were put up for sale in April 2013, and purchased in November 2013 for about £400,000 by Olga Roh, former Valentino and Versace model and owner of Rohmir. Roh had never been to	to	ADP	Scotland	PROPN	 Scotland
This left Eichelberger as the only American general in the forward area, and he assumed personal command of the division. He was not the most senior general present though; he served under the command of Australian, Lieutenant General Edmund Herring, whom he referred to in	in	ADP	letters	NOUN	 letters
There are also stories of an indri that helped a human down from a tree, so they are seen as benefactors. Other lemur fady include the belief that a wife will have ugly children if her husband kills a woolly lemur, or that if a pregnant woman	woman	NOUN	eats	VERB	 eats
Infants make soft hoots when distressed. Orangutans are also known to blow raspberries. Orangutans build nests specialized for both day or night use. These are carefully constructed; young orangutans learn from observing their mother's nest building behaviour. In fact, nest building is a	a	DET	leading	VERB	 leading
Whiteman finally let Beiderbecke go. The cornetist spent the rest of the year at home in Davenport and then, in February 1931, he returned to New York one last time. Beiderbecke died in his apartment, No. 1 G, 43 30 46th Street,	,	PUNCT	in	ADP	 in
It was this building, rather than the main part of the hotel, which accommodated Queen Victoria when she was forced to stay overnight. Cycling for leisure purposes became a fad in the late 19th century, and the London – Brighton road was a popular route;	;	PUNCT	the	DET	 the
The film collected $77,743,688 in foreign box office, bringing its worldwide total to $185,253,487. Watchmen received a polarizing reaction from both audiences and critics. Some critics gave it overwhelmingly positive reviews for the dark and unique take on the superhero genre, the cast,	,	PUNCT	and	CCONJ	 and
In the rough and tumble debate in the House of Representatives, Whitlam called fellow MHRs Bill Bourke " this grizzling Quisling ", Garfield Barwick (who would, as High Court Chief Justice, play a role in Whitlam's downfall) a " bumptious bastard ",	,	PUNCT	and	CCONJ	 and
Much of the castle property was removed, including twenty one brass cannons, and Marischal was required to sell further lands and possessions to pay fines imposed by Cromwell's government. At the Restoration of Charles II in 1660, the honours were removed from Kinneff Church and	and	CCONJ	returned	VERB	 returned
She was repaired and modernised at Devonport Dockyard between February 1940 and March 1941; Captain W.N.T. Beckett relieved Bell on 12 December 1940. On 10 March 1941, the day Exeter was due to be re commissioned, Beckett died at Saltash Hospital from complications resulting from surgery	surgery	NOUN	related	VERB	 related
The Stern Review explains that of 20 key innovations from the past 30 years, only one of the 14 was funded entirely by the private sector and nine were totally publicly funded. In terms of specific examples, the Internet was the result of publicly funded links among	among	ADP	computers	NOUN	 computers
It was reported that on mininova.org more than 3,000 users were attempting to download episode seven late on the afternoon of 27 February 2008. The Nine Network said it was considering legal action, and was looking into how copies got into the hands of underworld figures in Victoria	Victoria	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
He described Pentecost as " the culmination of those ' great fifty days ' which follow the Resurrection, a watershed marking the completion of Jesus ' work on earth and the coming of the Holy Spirit ", and commented that Bach " comes up with music of unalloyed	unalloyed	ADJ	optimism	NOUN	 optimism
The next planned major restoration may be along Salford Crescent. Local volunteers under the guidance of the Manchester Bolton and Bury Canal Society have for years worked on sections of the canal, removing overgrowth and tidying up its general appearance. A new pedestrian footbridge, designed by	by	ADP	artist	NOUN	 artist
Dade County pine has a remarkable longevity and has proven to be termite resistant, though dense enough to make driving nails difficult. In 1984 they were protected by a county ordinance, after many pine areas had been depleted. A misunderstanding of fire's role also played	played	VERB	a	DET	 a
The Viking population in Ireland was boosted in 851 with the arrival of a large group known as " dark foreigners " – a contentious term used to refer to the newly arrived Vikings, as opposed to the " fair foreigners ", i.e. the Viking population which was	was	AUX	resident	NOUN	 resident
To Heart 2 has received multiple manga adaptations since its original visual novel release. The first manga series was illustrated by Haruka Ogataya and serialized in the shōnen manga magazine Dengeki Daioh between February 21, 2005 and January 21, 2007. The individual chapters were later compiled	compiled	VERB	into	ADP	 into
Killing seven Germans, they overcame the enemy resistance and brought back two defenders as prisoners. On the way back, several of their own wounded became lost, although all except one of these men were later recovered. The other man, one of the officers,	,	PUNCT	was	AUX	 was
As stated by 10 U.S.C. § 9442, the Secretary of the Air Force may use the services of the Civil Air Patrol to fulfill the non combat programs and missions of the Department of the Air Force. Additionally, the Civil Air Patrol shall be deemed to be	be	AUX	an	DET	 an
McClellan further damaged his reputation by his insulting insubordination to his commander in chief. He privately referred to Lincoln, whom he had known before the war as a lawyer for the Illinois Central, as " nothing more than a well meaning baboon ", a " gorilla	gorilla	NOUN	"	PUNCT	 "
The Day 1 product is issued at 4: 00 a.m. Central Time and is updated at 1700Z, and is valid from 1200Z to 1200Z the following day. The Day 2 outlook is issued at 1000Z and is updated at 2000Z for the forecast period of 1200Z to	to	ADP	1200Z	PROPN	 1200Z
The Syndicats, whose ranks included Steve Howe, later of Yes, recorded several sides including " Crawdaddy Simone " and the protopunk, " What to Do ". The Renegades, from Birmingham, never had much success in their native country, but became considerably better	better	ADV	known	VERB	 known
Literary scholar M. Keith Booker argues that Vargas Llosa perfects the technique of interlacing dialogues in his novel The Green House. By combining two conversations that occur at different times, he creates the illusion of a flashback. Vargas Llosa also sometimes uses this technique as a means	means	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
The column was quickly spotted and engaged for the next two hours by Allied artillery and aircraft causing heavy losses. At 16: 00, to the west of the Caen canal, 1st Battalion, 192nd Panzergrenadier Regiment and the 100th Panzer Regiment successfully reached the coast between	between	ADP	the	DET	 the
Marsden came in next, and lasted five minutes before getting dismissed by McDowall for 2. The next batsman Hervey lasted less than that, scoring a single in three minutes before Henty took the bails off. After having carried his bat through the hour, Hamilton was	was	AUX	the	DET	 the
Breckinridge intended to begin practicing law in Lexington, Kentucky, but he enlisted for service in the War of 1812 instead. After the war, he opened his practice and was elected to the Kentucky House, where he led an unsuccessful attempt to oust Gabriel Slaughter after	after	SCONJ	he	PRON	 he
His offensive abilities and size made Murray consider moving him to winger. The Capitals finished second in the Patrick Division, but were out of the playoffs early again, this time courtesy of the Islanders. Before the next season, the Capitals acquired Dwight Schofield in the	the	DET	waiver	NOUN	 waiver
The tour proved commercially successful, having grossed $54 million by its conclusion, while its 2008 film adaption Hannah Montana & Miley Cyrus: Best of Both Worlds Concert earned $70 million. The latter was released as a Walmart exclusive CD / DVD set, titled	titled	VERB	Best	PROPN	 Best
A key concept in interpreting radiocarbon dates is archaeological association: what is the true relationship between two or more objects at an archaeological site? It frequently happens that a sample for radiocarbon dating can be taken directly from the object of interest, but there are also many	many	ADJ	cases	NOUN	 cases
After he had spent a few weeks as acting principal, the Board of Regents reconvened and appointed him to stay on permanently. During his tenure, the position of principal included the roles of clerk, bookkeeper, steward, and final arbiter of matters in the classroom	classroom	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
The game box prominently displayed this rating, as well as a warning on the back panel that the game contains adult subject matter inappropriate for children. It also encouraged parents to review the material before providing it to children and asked retailers not to sell it to minors	minors	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
There he earns the respect of Lizzie the Pirate and strikes a deal, promising Lizzie the gold from the Spanish treasure fleet if she takes him to Florida. In Florida, Morgan and Lizzie are met by Alain Magnan, who orders Morgan to capture the Spanish treasure	treasure	NOUN	ships	NOUN	 ships
It was originally broadcast on July 11, 1991 as part of " premiere week ", the Fox Network's attempt to expand the normal 30 week prime time season and gain new viewers for the fall. In its original broadcast, the episode finished 24th in ratings	ratings	NOUN	for	ADP	 for
At 0000 UTC on September 5, Gabrielle reached its maximum sustained wind speed of 145 mph (230 km / h), though the barometric pressure was slightly higher than late on September 3. A hurricane hunter aircraft flown into the storm on September 5 reported that	that	SCONJ	hurricane	NOUN	 hurricane
A thirty minute long form music video, Rhythm Nation 1814, was produced to promote the album. Referred to as a " telemusical, " the storyline incorporates three separate music videos: " Miss You Much, " " The Knowledge, " and " Rhythm Nation	Nation	PROPN	.	PUNCT	.
He was one of three former members of Australia's Berlin Airlift squadron to be specially honoured by the City of Berlin on the 50th anniversary of the Berlin Blockade in 1998. In January 2001 he was awarded the Centenary Medal for " service to Australian society through Australian	Australian	PROPN	Defence	PROPN	 Defence
Based on studies to grow the Mercury spacecraft capabilities to long duration flights, developing space rendezvous techniques, and precision Earth landing, Project Gemini was started as a two man program in 1962 to overcome the Soviets ' lead and to support the Apollo manned lunar landing program	program	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
Tom Ewing of The Guardian said that " the second episode [in the trilogy] has a different flavour from the first. " Ewing named " U Should Know Better " the best song on the record, calling it the " unlikeliest success ". In contrast	contrast	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
During migrations, over a thousand individuals may gather. These groups are generally segregated by size, and in the Pacific perhaps also by sex. Silky sharks within a group have been observed to " tilt ", presenting their full lateral profile towards each other, as	as	ADV	well	ADV	 well
The film was made on a budget of ₹ 350 million, and was officially launched on 9 December 2011. Principal photography began on 27 April 2012 and lasted until 22 July 2013. The majority of the film was shot in Vishakhapatnam and Hyderabad, mostly in Ramoji	Ramoji	PROPN	Film	PROPN	 Film
The album was certified platinum in Hungary for selling 30,000 copies. After debuting at number three on the Italian Albums Chart, Laundry Service ascended to number two the following week but was kept from attaining the top position by Alanis Morissette's 2002 album Under Rug Swept.	.	PUNCT	In	ADP	 In
There are student governance bodies in each college and school. The two largest colleges at the University of Michigan are the College of Literature, Science, and the Arts (LS & A) and the College of Engineering. Undergraduate students in the LS & A are	are	AUX	represented	VERB	 represented
The song's music video was directed by Little X and features cameo appearances by Keri Hilson, Bria Myles, Sean Faris and Justin Timberlake. It does not follow a storyline and per Furtado's request, focuses on scenes with dancing and flirting because she wanted to	to	PART	recreate	VERB	 recreate
It resulted in a compromise where the municipality bought shares for NOK 100,000. A year later, the municipality purchased shares for an addition NOK 30,000. The other major shareholders were Drammen Municipality with NOK 30,000, Buskerud County Municipality with NOK 50,000 and private investors, who	who	PRON	supplied	VERB	 supplied
Chris Gerhinger mastered the song at Sterling Sound in New York City. " Breaking Point " is a mid tempo R & B ballad that features elements of pop and soul music. Instrumentation is provided by a guitar, kick drums, an organ, percussion and a	a	DET	piano	NOUN	 piano
However, the test statistic to be used requires the addition of a bias correction term and is: <formula> where <formula> is the number of parameters in the estimate. Ranneby & Ekström (1997) generalized the MSE method to approximate other measures besides	besides	SCONJ	the	DET	 the
The odds against all three hydraulic systems failing simultaneously had previously been calculated as high as a billion to one. Yet such calculations assume that multiple failures must have independent causes, an unrealistic assumption, and similar flight control failures have indeed occurred: In 1971 a Pan	Pan	PROPN	American	PROPN	 American
India toured South Africa in December 2013 for three ODIs and two Tests. Kohli averaged 15.50 in the ODIs, including a duck. In the first Test at Johannesburg, playing his first Test in South Africa and batting at 4 for the first time, Kohli scored	scored	VERB	119	NUM	 119
It was produced by Mark Moffatt, who had also worked with Mental As Anything and Jenny Morris. The album produced three singles, including the gospel flavoured track, " Hope " (August 1990), " I Must Have Been Blind " (May 1991)	)	PUNCT	,	PUNCT	,
Simms was named starter for the 1992 season after beating out Hostetler, whom Handley still thought high of as a quarterback in the preseason. However, Simms suffered a severe arm injury in a Week 4 loss to the Los Angeles Raiders and missed the remainder of the	the	DET	season	NOUN	 season
Wendy Oxenhorn, director of the Foundation, arranged for housekeeping and free medical care for Norman, as well as helping him plan for his future, providing back rent and negotiating with Norman's landlord. In the course of that housekeeping, in July 2002, Norman	Norman	PROPN	's	PART	's
This he did by falling into a deep sleep, or entering a state similar to death, usually at the very spot where he happened to be at that time. His soul then left his body in the form of a snake or a lizard, and soared	soared	VERB	skywards	NOUN	 skywards
The bank operated as the primary subsidiary of the Chemical Banking Corporation, a bank holding company established in 1988. At the end of 1995, Chemical was the third largest bank in the U.S. with approximately $182.9 billion in assets. Beginning in 1920 but accelerating in	in	ADP	the	DET	 the
The main frontrunner for the role was Michael Billington. United Artists wanted an American to play Bond; Burt Reynolds, Paul Newman and Robert Redford were all considered. Producer Albert R. Broccoli, however, insisted that the part should be played by a British actor and	and	CCONJ	put	VERB	 put
By 1791, the town was described in less flattering terms than those Defoe had used 70 years earlier. In the early 19th century, plans were developed to reinvigorate the town and once again elevate it to its former position as a more important town than Bath.	.	PUNCT	These	DET	 These
To date, Clan MacAulay does not have a chief recognised by the Lord Lyon King of Arms, and therefore can be considered an Armigerous clan. There are many different families of MacAulays from both Ireland and Scotland which are not related and are considered to have no	no	DET	historical	ADJ	 historical
In July 2007, Hudema returned to Edmonton to work as the Climate and Energy Campaigner for Greenpeace Canada at its newly opened Edmonton office, which was created to lobby for an end to the Alberta oil sands, which Hudema called " one of the dirtiest, oiliest	oiliest	ADJ	projects	NOUN	 projects
Meanwhile, paratroopers were to be lifted by helicopters into the town while the fourth force would make a diversionary attack at King Abdullah Bridge to draw the Jordanian forces from Karameh and to cover the main attack. Prior to the attack, the Israeli Air Force (IAF	IAF	PROPN	)	PUNCT	)
The third voyage was successful, and he arrived at Carlisle Bay, Barbados on 21 April. He joined with the forces of the station's current commander, Sir John Laforey several days later, and took over the command from him. Christian assembled his forces,	,	PUNCT	and	CCONJ	 and
In the day before Chataan affected the island, it dropped torrential rainfall due to its elongated structure and slow movement. Persistent winds from the larger monsoon trough generated high surf and tides of 0.3 m (1 ft) above normal across the region. The most significant	significant	ADJ	effects	NOUN	 effects
Portela failed to get the required support in the parliament to rule as a majority. The government was dissolved on 4 January; the date for elections would be 16 February. In common with the 1933 election, Spain was divided into multi member constituencies; for example	example	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
Rihanna is seen in eight different scenes and settings, one of which showed an almost nude Rihanna covered in black body paint wearing only a spiked crown and jewelry chains, which were created by designer Fannie Schiavoni. In other scenes, Rihanna smashes a black electric guitar	guitar	NOUN	and	CCONJ	 and
When the military court refused to reach a verdict, Ney's case went to the Chamber of Peers, which was populated by a mix of old and new peers. The old peers might not have been receptive to Ney's predicament; he had been, after	after	ADV	all	ADV	 all
In the 2000 film Hey Ram, the lead character, Saket Ram (played by Kamal Haasan) and his friend, Amjad Khan (played by Shah Rukh Khan) are shown as employees of Wheeler, who was portrayed by Lewis K. Elbinger, before the 1947	1947	NUM	Hindu	PROPN	 Hindu
Some advanced to their designated objectives while others were diverted to other areas, then ordered to dig in along defensive ridge lines. Although they failed to achieve their objectives, by nightfall the ANZACs had formed a beachhead, albeit much smaller than intended. In places they	they	PRON	were	AUX	 were
A later Aerobee rocket launched from White Sands Missile Range on July 7, 1967, yielded further evidence that the source Virgo X 1 was the radio galaxy M87. Subsequent X ray observations by the HEAO 1 and Einstein Observatory showed a complex source that included the active	active	ADJ	galactic	ADJ	 galactic
U 105 returned to Lorient on 8 February. Seventeen days later, on 25 February, U 105 left Lorient. Between 25 and 27 March, she sank the British merchant ship Narragansett and the Norwegian merchant ship Svenør off the east coast of the United States.	.	PUNCT	U	PROPN	 U
The ship carried a maximum of 1,233 metric tons (1,214 long tons) of coal which allowed her to steam for 3,086 nautical miles (5,715 km; 3,551 mi) at a speed of 12 knots (22 km / h; 14 mph). 52.15 metric	metric	ADJ	tons	NOUN	 tons
An enclave surrounded by university grounds, Queen's Park, contains the Ontario Legislative Building and several historic monuments. With its green spaces and many interlocking courtyards, the university forms a distinct region of urban parkland in the city's downtown core. The namesake University Avenue	Avenue	PROPN	is	AUX	 is
The National Wildlife Federation described her as " a passionate, articulate, and tireless voice for the environment ". Chairman of the Florida Audubon Society Ed Davison remembered her, saying, " She kept a clear vision of the way things ought to be, and she	she	PRON	did	AUX	 did
As of 2010, there are ten exits and two rest areas situated along the route. Most of the motorway is not tolled, but a single section is tolled using an open toll system with pricing tied to vehicle classification. Plans for the motorway were officially formulated	formulated	VERB	in	ADP	 in
Such a number would likely represent a large fraction of the entire population at the time, or perhaps all of it. Most estimations of numbers were based on single migrating colonies, and it is unknown how many of these existed at a given time. American writer	writer	NOUN	Christopher	PROPN	 Christopher
The Scottish Parliament is responsible for devolved matters such as education, health and justice, while reserved matters are dealt with by the Parliament of the United Kingdom. Giffnock forms part of the county constituency of East Renfrewshire, electing one member of parliament (MP) to	to	ADP	the	DET	 the
At the time, the proposed nuclear reactor, gas centrifuge and gaseous diffusion technologies were still in the research stage, and the design of the plant was a long way off. The schedules, which called for construction work on the nuclear reactor to commence by 1	1	NUM	October	PROPN	 October
Todd did not favour flair players, and Kinkladze made only a single substitute appearance in Todd's first two months in charge. Frustrated by a lack of opportunities, Kinkladze took the unusual step of using his lawyer to arrange a meeting with Todd to discuss his exclusion	exclusion	NOUN	from	ADP	 from
Departures take place on the lower deck (similar to the A380 boarding lounges currently in use at Gates 9 and 11), with arrivals streamed on to the first floor to connect with the current first floor arrivals deck. All gates including 18 and 20 are now	now	ADV	handling	VERB	 handling
In addition to previously having expanded geographic ranges, extant subfossil lemurs exhibited significant variation in size. Researchers have noted that subfossil bones of living species are more robust and generally larger than their present day counterparts. The relative size of living species may be related to regional	regional	ADJ	ecological	ADJ	 ecological
In ascending cholangitis, it is assumed that organisms migrate backwards up the bile duct as a result of partial obstruction and decreased function of the sphincter of Oddi. Other theories about the origin of the bacteria, such as through the portal vein or transmigration from the colon	colon	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
Morris and Hassett started slowly, scoring only six runs in the first six overs on a surface that offered spin and bounce. It appeared that they were playing carefully at first before deciding whether to try and achieve the target at a later point. Only 44 runs	runs	NOUN	came	VERB	 came
He wrote in Roughing It (1872) that the lake was in a " lifeless, hideous desert... " that was the " loneliest spot on earth... little graced with the picturesque. " Naturalist John Muir explored the area in 1869. He described the "	"	PUNCT	Mono	PROPN	 Mono
Mercedes is shocked when Browning is released, blaming Lynsey's murder on Riley. Browning surprises Mercedes on Christmas Eve and spends Christmas with Mercedes ' family. Mercedes is thrown out by her family and Browning proposes marriage to her which she accepts. Myra makes up with	with	ADP	Mercedes	PROPN	 Mercedes
The development team planned to distinguish The Last Remnant from the Final Fantasy series and other role playing games through its focus on the battle system. The art direction of the game was focused on making all of the characters stand out on the battlefield, and in making	making	VERB	the	DET	 the
Wolf and tiger interactions are well documented in Sikhote Alin, where tigers depress wolf numbers, either to the point of localized extinction or to such low numbers as to make them a functionally insignificant component of the ecosystem. Wolves appear capable of escaping competitive exclusion from tigers	tigers	NOUN	only	ADV	 only
The ninth and tenth placed teams were relegated to the Division Three for 2014 The format of the Cricket World Cup has changed greatly over the course of its history. Each of the first four tournaments was played by eight teams, divided into two groups of four.	.	PUNCT	The	DET	 The
Air America helicopters started flying to the rooftop LZs in Saigon and either shuttled the evacuees back to the DAO Compound or flew out to the ships of TF76. By 10: 30 all of Air America's fixed wing aircraft had departed Tan Son Nhut, evacuating all	all	DET	non	ADJ	 non
The sighting led to an extensive year long government funded search. In 1985, Aboriginal tracker Kevin Cameron produced five photographs which appear to show a digging thylacine, which he stated he took in Western Australia. In January 1995, a Parks and Wildlife officer reported observing	observing	VERB	a	DET	 a
Psilocybe yungensis is used by Mazatec Indians in the Mexican State of Oaxaca for entheogenic purposes. The species was described as new to science by American mycologists Rolf Singer and Alexander H. Smith, based on specimens collected in Nor Yungas Province, Bolivia, on the road to	to	ADP	La	PROPN	 La
He later appeared in the films Prefontaine (1997), Sol Goode (2001), and Highway (2002). Leto recorded the songs " Drop That Baby " and " Let's Go All the Way " with the short lived supergroup The Wondergirls in 1999	1999	NUM	,	PUNCT	,
I think the show is doing a really good job following the mythology, and Tom is doing a good job following the tradition. According to MTV's Karl Heitmueller, Smallville's Clark Kent was a better representation of the original material and remained " true to the	the	DET	heart	NOUN	 heart
The Japanese government also sought to improve the country's civil defenses in response to the Doolittle Raid and the threat of further attacks. The national government placed the burden of constructing civilian air raid shelters on the prefectural governments. However, few shelters were built due to	to	ADP	shortages	NOUN	 shortages
This record would not be surpassed until the 2011 Super Outbreak which killed 324 people. Damage from tornadoes was estimated at over $500 million (2008 USD). The weather system which produced the tornadoes caused significant straight line wind damage, hail as large as softballs	softballs	NOUN	–	PUNCT	 –
Afterwards, members from each team entered at time intervals until all wrestlers were involved in the bout so a pinfall or submission could occur. The storyline behind this encounter revolved around Jarrett and his reign as NWA World Heavyweight Champion. At Against All Odds, Jarrett successfully	successfully	ADV	defended	VERB	 defended
However, he retired from playing two years later, aged only 26, due to a knee injury. Whiteside holds records as the youngest player to take part in a World Cup, the youngest player to score in a League Cup and FA Cup final, and	and	CCONJ	the	DET	 the
The commuter trains were initiated in 1913, and Norsk Hydro started building housing at Ingolfsland and Tveito, and both Ingolfsland and Miland got their own stops, and from 1919 stations. The two kilometers (one mile) commuter train from Rjukan to Ingofsland took five minutes	minutes	NOUN	;	PUNCT	;
Reviews praised the dark subject matter of the song, and praised Ocean's ability to create narratives and the sonic atmosphere of the track. When Nostalgia, Ultra was expected to be released as an EP by Def Jam, " Novacane " was released as the first	first	ADJ	single	ADJ	 single
The Spafford Farm massacre occurred the following day, and Dodge set out for Fort Hamilton as soon as he heard about it, stopping at Fort Blue Mounds for supplies. On the way to Hamilton, the soldiers passed a German immigrant, Henry Apple, exchanged greetings	greetings	NOUN	and	CCONJ	 and
" Paul Halmos states that " von Neumann's speed was awe inspiring. " Edward Teller admitted that he " never could keep up with him ". Teller also said " von Neumann would carry on a conversation with my 3 year old son, and the two	two	NUM	of	ADP	 of
And indeed it would have been inconsistent in creation to have formed man for the social state, and not to have provided virtue and wisdom enough to manage the concerns of society. May we not even say that the form of government is best which provides most effectually	effectually	ADV	for	ADP	 for
Besides existing buildings and technical literature of building manuals, Song dynasty artwork portraying cityscapes and other buildings aid modern day scholars in their attempts to reconstruct and realize the nuances of Song architecture. Song dynasty artists such as Li Cheng, Fan Kuan, Guo Xi, Zhang	Zhang	PROPN	Zeduan	PROPN	 Zeduan
The Upper Gangetic Plains moist deciduous forests and the drier Terai Duar savanna and grasslands cover the lowlands along the Uttar Pradesh border in a belt locally known as Bhabar. These lowland forests have mostly been cleared for agriculture, but a few pockets remain. In June 2013	2013	NUM	several	ADJ	 several
Star Breweries also produces THB Fresh, a shandy (locally called panaché), with less than 1% alcohol. It is only sold in 65 centilitres (23 imp fl oz; 22 US fl oz) glass bottles. The original Fresh shandy, which has	has	VERB	a	DET	 a
The reviewer also enjoyed the development of Dick's character that occurred with the return of his father, stating that the scene in which Dick yelled at his father " an excellent moment that helped bring a lot of new shading to the funny, but usually one note	note	NOUN	character	NOUN	 character
They discover the signal is coming from a derelict alien spacecraft. Inside, they find the remains of a large alien creature whose ribcage appears to have exploded from the inside. On the Nostromo, Ripley determines that the transmission is not a distress signal but a warning	warning	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
The property crime rate for 2010 was 4,964.6 incidents per 100,000 people, compared to an average of 3,415.5 in Oklahoma and 2,941.9 nationally. In 2013, Lawton was ranked the eighth most dangerous city in the United States for women. Lawton is primarily centered on government,	,	PUNCT	manufacturing	NOUN	 manufacturing
Despite the increased popularity of the use of the term " sustainability ", the possibility that human societies will achieve environmental sustainability has been, and continues to be, questioned — in light of environmental degradation, climate change, overconsumption, population growth and societies ' pursuit	pursuit	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
It is not known exactly when Edward the Exile's family returned to England, whether they returned with Edward in 1057, or sometime later, so it is only a possibility that they returned with Ealdred in 1058. Very little documentary evidence is available from Ealdred's	's	PART	time	NOUN	 time
In an attempt to renew the truce, Leo obeyed the legate's demand, promising to withdraw from Bagras. Before long, Leo broke his promise and refused to return Bagras to the Templars. He also decided to terminate the union of the Armenian Church with Rome	Rome	PROPN	.	PUNCT	.
In the penalty shoot out, Ronaldo missed Manchester United's third kick, giving John Terry the chance to win the game for Chelsea, only for him to slip and hit the post. Edwin van der Sar then saved Nicolas Anelka's effort from Chelsea's seventh	seventh	ADJ	kick	NOUN	 kick
The agreement guaranteed the territorial integrity of Vietnam and, like the Geneva Conference of 1954, called for national elections in the North and South. The Paris Peace Accords stipulated a sixty day period for the total withdrawal of U.S. forces. The accords had been negotiated by	by	ADP	United	PROPN	 United
This ruling ended the NCAA's investigation of Michigan's football program. Several players excelled individually. The season began with numerous Wolverines on national award preseason watchlists. Brandon Graham led the way with five such recognitions for the Bednarik Award, Hendricks Award, Lombardi Award,	,	PUNCT	Lott	PROPN	 Lott
Dr. Joan Bushwell, the " Jane Goodall type " character in the episode, was portrayed by American voice actress Tress MacNeille, who also voices Lindsey Naegle among other characters in the series. All animals ' noises (except for Santa's Little Helper, who is	is	AUX	voiced	VERB	 voiced
The song was certified gold by the Recording Industry Association of America (RIAA) for the shipments of 500,000 copies. In Canada, the single entered the RPM Singles Chart on March 29, 1986 at number 92. It peaked at number six on June 14 and	and	CCONJ	became	VERB	 became
The views of the German reformer Martin Luther and his school were widely known and disputed in England. A major manifestation of theological radicalism in England was Lollardy, a movement deriving from the writings of John Wycliffe, the 14th century Bible translator, which stressed the primacy	primacy	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
Though many similar bracelets have survived, sets of four are most unusual; they may have been worn two on each arm, or possibly were shared by two related women. One set has been decorated by corrugating the gold with lateral and transverse grooves; the other	other	ADJ	two	NUM	 two
It was the only European country to have managed to liberate itself without the intervention of foreign troops (though the Partisans benefited from great quantities of supplies and weapons provided by the Allies). The Partisans ' victory was mythologised on a massive scale by the Hoxha regime	regime	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
According to Mustaine, he was also encouraged to experiment by Marty Friedman ’ s desire to indulge in his pop sensibilities. On the other hand, newcomer Jimmy DeGrasso wanted to do a " heavy record ", unlike the rest of the band who wanted to try	try	VERB	out	ADP	 out
The result was a life size, well proportioned nude figure, posed unconventionally with his right hand atop his head, and his left arm held out at his side, forearm parallel to the body. In 1877, the work debuted in Brussels and then was shown	shown	VERB	at	ADP	 at
As an unheralded guard after his sophomore season, he worked out with his cousins on guard drills that their father (Davis ' uncle) had developed. Davis did not play in the spring / summer AAU circuit between 8th grade and his junior year. He began	began	VERB	his	PRON	 his
Casualties for the battalion between April and September amounted to 34 killed and 95 wounded. As the 5th Division arrived to take over from the 3rd following the capture of Mount Tambu and the link up with US forces, the 2 / 5th Battalion was withdrawn from the	the	DET	line	NOUN	 line
(Jackson's husband is a main proponent of the proposed Chicago south suburban airport in Peotone, Illinois). Jackson voted with the minority in the 29 21 vote approving the Mayor's November 2007 property tax increase. The February 2008 Real Estate Transfer Tax Increase also	also	ADV	drew	VERB	 drew
Roughly a quarter of a mile (0.4 km) from the county line, the commercial surroundings end as NY 96 intersects the southern terminus of NY 250 in the town of Perinton. 0.75 miles (1.21 km) to the northwest, NY 96 meets I 490	490	NUM	once	ADV	 once
Although access to the journal requires a subscription, its publishers " [felt] this paper and subject are too important, and that it should be shared with the world " and the paper was released as an Open Access article with a Creative Commons Attribution license.	.	PUNCT	Since	SCONJ	 Since
Truman was born in Lamar, Missouri and spent most of his youth on his family's farm near Independence. In the last months of World War I, he served in combat in France as an artillery officer with his National Guard unit. After the war,	,	PUNCT	he	PRON	 he
The acquisition program for the Leopard 2E began in 1994, five years after the cancellation of the Lince tank program that culminated in an agreement to transfer 108 Leopard 2A4s to the Spanish army in 1998 and started the local production of the Leopard 2E in December 2003.	.	PUNCT	Despite	SCONJ	 Despite
Headquartered in Beers Hall at the Connecticut Valley Hospital campus in Middletown, Connecticut, the Connecticut Wing (CTWG) has 14 primary subordinate units located throughout the state to help it carry out its missions. The missions include providing aerospace education and training for all of its	its	PRON	members	NOUN	 members
Hubbard decided to relocate back to the United States to establish a " land base " for the Sea Org in Florida. The Church of Scientology attributes this decision to the activities on the Apollo having " outgrow [n] the ship's capacity ". In October	October	PROPN	1975	NUM	 1975
John Van Etten (Nail32) received the Distinguished Flying Cross for his part in this rescue. Hambleton received the Silver Star, the Distinguished Flying Cross, the Air Medal, the Meritorious Service Medal (United States) and a Purple Heart for his actions during this	this	DET	mission	NOUN	 mission
Shortly after he began the construction of that large building, in 170 BC upon returning from a military campaign in Egypt, Antiochus IV conquered Jerusalem, ransacked a temple where the treasure of Hyrcanus was kept and appeared determined to attack Hyrcanus. Upon hearing this, Hyrcanus	Hyrcanus	PROPN	committed	VERB	 committed
McFarlane Productions distributed one thousand copies of a limited edition lithograph to promote the character at E3 2003. Drawn by Greg Capullo, the lithograph featured a comic book rendition of Necrid, fighting Spawn in one of the game's arenas. In August 2003, Namco included	included	VERB	a	DET	 a
All of NY 18F north of Youngstown is maintained by the town of Porter while the rest — Center Street between NY 104 and 4th Street — is maintained by the New York State Department of Transportation. All of what is now NY 18F south of Youngstown was originally	originally	ADV	designated	VERB	 designated
In his poem, " The Circus Animals ' Desertion ", he describes the inspiration for these late works: Now that my ladder's gone I must lie down where all the ladders start In the foul rag and bone shop of the heart. During 1929,	,	PUNCT	he	PRON	 he
Under the storm and closer to where most tornadoes are found, evidence of a supercell and likelihood of a tornado includes inflow bands (particularly when curved) such as a " beaver tail ", and other clues such as strength of inflow, warmth and moistness of	of	ADP	inflow	NOUN	 inflow
Walternate learns of Walter's presence in the hospital and dispatches " Fauxlivia " (Torv) and " Alt Charlie " (Kirk Acevedo) to apprehend him, but before their arrival Bell and Olivia liberate Walter and escape. Fauxlivia sees a surveillance shot of Olivia and	and	CCONJ	Walter	PROPN	 Walter
Based on these observations, it was estimated that Chantal had intensified into a hurricane early on August 1. Hurricane Chantal continued to intensify, slightly, and attained its peak intensity on August 1 at 1000 UTC, reaching maximum sustained winds of 80 mph (130 km	km	NOUN	/	SYM	 /
Through December, Foraker worked to try to retain his Senate seat, which required action by the Ohio legislature in the era before direct election of senators. His rivals were Burton and the President elect's brother, former congressman Charles Phelps Taft, though near the end	end	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
A tropical wave — an area of low pressure oriented north to south — moved off the African coast well south of Dakar on September 5, 1993, and tracked rapidly westward across the tropical Atlantic. Positioned at a relatively low latitude, the wave interacted with the	the	DET	Intertropical	PROPN	 Intertropical
James Madigan, the visual effects supervisor, approached the series as a feature film, observing that " every aspect of the production took meticulous care with every detail, the costumes, the set dressing, the acting, and the attention to historical fact. As you	you	PRON	worked	VERB	 worked
She was fitted with electrical pumps that had a capacity of 2,000 t (2,000 long tons) of water per hour. Her crew varied between 447 and 450 officers and enlisted men throughout her career. Stabilimento Tecnico Triestino manufactured Kronprinz Erzherzog Rudolf's propulsion system. The	The	DET	ship	NOUN	 ship
Originally, the episode was supposed to be about Misery. One of the ideas was that Grampa would get injured on Mr. Burns's property and get stuck there, leading Grampa to think that Mr. Burns would kill him when he was discovered there. However, this	this	DET	idea	NOUN	 idea
Almost immediately after the Lowestoft raid, Admiral Reinhard Scheer began planning another foray into the North Sea. He had initially intended to launch the operation in mid May, by which time the mine damage to Seydlitz was scheduled to be repaired — Scheer was unwilling to embark	embark	VERB	on	ADP	 on
By 1901, a team called Bradford City had played in the leagues within the city, playing for two seasons, but disbanded at the end of the 1902 – 03 season. On 30 January 1903, Scotsman James Whyte, a sub editor of the Bradford Observer	Observer	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
At Duke University Johnson and his team clinched the ACC Coastal Division for the first time since 2006. Still, Johnson and company could not win their second game in a row over hated Georgia as the Bulldogs upset Tech 30 – 24 in the final home game of	of	ADP	the	DET	 the
Notable critics included Richard Simpson, Margaret Oliphant and Leslie Stephen. In a review of the Memoir, Simpson described Austen as a serious but ironic critic of English society. He introduced two interpretative themes which became the basis for modern literary criticism of her works: humour	humour	NOUN	as	ADP	 as
Her offspring Chesty was named after Chesty Puller, one of the few Marines ever allowed to ride Reckless. Puller was a Marine Corps lieutenant general and the most decorated United States Marine of all time. Reckless retired from active service with full military honors at Camp Pendleton	Pendleton	PROPN	on	ADP	 on
Following its 20th century decline the estate changed hands several times until local farmer Hamish Watson purchased it in December 2010. The local historian Alex Buchan summed up the demise of the estate: " They thought the estate was here to provide them with money, to gamble	gamble	VERB	,	PUNCT	,
On 25 March 1943 the construction plans were presented to Hitler, who immediately gave the go ahead for the project to begin. The construction firm Holzman & Polanski was awarded the contract and 6,000 workers from Building Battalion 434 started construction that same month using plans by Franz	Franz	PROPN	Xaver	PROPN	 Xaver
In the city of Leipzig, tempus clausum was observed during Lent, therefore it was the last Sunday with a cantata performance before a celebration of the Annunciation, Palm Sunday and the vespers service on Good Friday and Easter. The prescribed readings for the Sunday were taken	taken	VERB	from	ADP	 from
Originally written for inclusion on Stefani's Harajuku Lovers Tour 2005, the song was later recorded for her second solo studio album, The Sweet Escape (2006), due to favorable reception. The track contains an interpolation of The Sound of Music song " The Lonely	Lonely	PROPN	Goatherd	PROPN	 Goatherd
For example, a beefsteak cooked well done will not have any pinkness in the middle when sliced. Uncooked beef steak can be served raw, such as in steak tartare. Fish steaks are generally cooked for a short time, as the flesh cooks quickly, especially	especially	ADV	when	SCONJ	 when
While the RPG genre was predominantly Western and limited to PCs, Japanese gamers enjoyed home grown games such as the The Black Onyx and the Dragon Slayer series alongside Western RPG ports. However, while Horii and Nakamura enjoyed the dungeon crawling and statistical nature of Wizardry,	,	PUNCT	they	PRON	 they
Of these only India became a customer, purchasing the Sea Harrier. At one point China came very close to becoming an operator of the first generation Harrier. Following an overture by the UK in the early 1970s, when relations with the West were warming, China	China	PROPN	became	VERB	 became
The old Massachusetts colonial leadership, restored due to the rebellion and headed by ex governor Simon Bradstreet, then summoned Governor Andros to surrender, for his own safety because of the mob which they claimed " whereof we were wholly ignorant ". He refused, and instead	instead	ADV	tried	VERB	 tried
Miyamoto came up with many characters and plot concepts, but he eventually settled on a love triangle between gorilla, carpenter, and girlfriend that mirrors the rivalry between Bluto and Popeye for Olive Oyl. Bluto became an ape, which Miyamoto said was " nothing too evil	evil	ADJ	or	CCONJ	 or
Thiele probably also hit her with a torpedo and she was rammed from behind by HMS Hotspur when the latter ship lost steering control. Hotspur was able to disengage, but Hunter capsized shortly afterward. The three remaining British ships were able to escape from the Germans under	under	ADP	the	DET	 the
Also, December 1 (" Flag Day "), January 31 and October 5 were declared national holidays. The Portuguese flag displays three important symbols: the field colours, and the armillary sphere and national shield, which make up the coat of arms. The	The	DET	explanation	NOUN	 explanation
They first visit the Utica branch, where former Scranton employee Karen (Rashida Jones) is now regional manager. Pam, who is engaged to Karen's ex boyfriend Jim (John Krasinski), fears the encounter will be awkward. But Karen is now married and	and	CCONJ	pregnant	ADJ	 pregnant
The expedition to Jamaica, having failed in its mission, returned directly to Charles Town. Spanish messengers from Pensacola eventually reported St. Augustine's plight to Havana. Governor Pedro Nicolás Benítez held a war council on December 2, in which a relief expedition was organized.	.	PUNCT	A	DET	 A
A tornado in southern Georgia, about 9 mi (14 km) west of Albany, damaged or destroyed several small homes, killed three head of cattle, toppled numerous trees, and injured seven people. Elsewhere in the state, there were isolated reports of hail	hail	NOUN	and	CCONJ	 and
The line terminates at Aurora Village Transit Center, allowing for transfers to Swift. In its transit development plan published in 2016, Community Transit proposed the restoration of 10 minute weekday frequencies on Swift by March 2018. Community Transit has also proposed extending the current line on	on	ADP	State	PROPN	 State
This echoes a comment made by Malaysian Prime Minister Mahathir bin Mohamad, comparing Singapore's disclosure of letters between the two countries to " revealing letters sent to one's girlfriend ". When asked about the references, Neo said he would " leave the movie open to	to	ADP	interpretation	NOUN	 interpretation
The album features a harsher and more theatrical style than Pink Floyd's previous albums. Wright left the band during its production but remained as a salaried musician, performing with Pink Floyd during the Wall tour. The album was one of the best selling of 1980,	,	PUNCT	and	CCONJ	 and
He died in Alupka in 1916. Countess Yelizaveta Vorontsova Dashkova lived in the palace until April 1919. During the great evacuation of the Crimea by the Russian Whites, she sailed to Malta aboard a British ship. She was accompanied by her grandchildren from the Sheremetev family	family	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
Immediately after Luna's death, confusion reigned on both sides. The Americans even thought Luna had taken over to replace Aguinaldo. Luna's death was publicly declared only by 8 June, and a circular providing details of the event released by 13 June. While investigations	investigations	NOUN	were	AUX	 were
At this time, it was claimed that a total of ten million man hours had been worked and 120,538 cubic meters of concrete used. On 22 September, the final super sized element in the canopy was fitted in place, marking a significant milestone in the museum	museum	NOUN	's	PART	's
In 1946, Vincent reverted to the permanent rank of captain and began teaching at the Air War College. During this time, the United States Air Force (USAF) was formed from the USAAF. From 1949 to 1955, Vincent rose in rank, reaching temporary	temporary	ADJ	brigadier	NOUN	 brigadier
Darjeeling had become an important tourist destination as early as 1860. It is reported to be the only location in eastern India that witnesses large numbers of foreign tourists. It is also a popular filming destination for Bollywood and Bengali cinema. Satyajit Ray shot his film Kanchenjungha	Kanchenjungha	PROPN	(	PUNCT	 (
In 2004 China signed a major agreement to buy oil and gas from Iran, as well as to develop Iran ’ s Yadavaran oil field. The value of this contract was estimated at US $150 billion to US $200 billion over 25 years. In 2009	2009	NUM	,	PUNCT	,
According to Lindsey Fortier of Billboard, " Fembot " sees Robyn " get [ting] in touch with her urban side ". Michael Gragg of MusicOMH wrote that " Though the lyrics are daft [...] it's exuberance and general sense of fun is so	so	ADV	infectious	ADJ	 infectious
Reborns can come with an umbilical cord, baby fat, heat packs to make the reborn warm to the touch, or voice boxes that mimic infant sounds. For preemie dolls, they may come in incubators with a breathing apparatus attached to their nose. Institutions have	have	AUX	developed	VERB	 developed
The main building features viewing galleries, a lecture theatre and interactive games and displays designed to teach visitors about the chimpanzee's lifestyle and social structure. Living Links is built around a field station and research centre for the study of primate behaviour. The exhibit features enclosures	enclosures	VERB	housing	NOUN	 housing
However, by spring 2009, Kennedy's tumor had spread and treatments clearly were not going to cure it, although this was not disclosed publicly. By June 2009 Kennedy had not cast a Senate vote in three months, and his health had forced him to retreat	retreat	VERB	to	ADP	 to
On January 18, 2011, Bradley was arrested at his home in Encino, California and charged with making criminal threats to his wife, Monique. When he agreed to participate in an out of court hearing process, no charges were filed against him. However,	,	PUNCT	his	PRON	 his
Should this occur, the German divisions could then advance across the open and undefended French countryside, beyond Sedan, and to the English Channel. On 12 May, Sedan was captured without resistance. In the following days, the Germans defeated the French defences surrounding Sedan	Sedan	PROPN	on	ADP	 on
While in Montpellier, de Candolle published his Théorie élémentaire de la botanique (Elementary Theory of Botany, 1813), which introduced a new classification system and the word taxonomy. Candolle moved back to Geneva in 1816 and in the following year was invited by the government	government	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
The new church had a seating capacity of 700. In its 110 foot (34 m) tower was a clock with four six foot (1.8 m) dials, and a peal of three bells, contributed by the citizens of Madison; beside summoning the parishioners	parishioners	NOUN	to	ADP	 to
Episode two revealed that Edwards had contributed to the album; he expressed that it was difficult keeping his involvement a secret. Edwards had previously collaborated with Daft Punk to create the song " Face to Face " on the 2001 album Discovery. He summarized his experience in	in	ADP	the	DET	 the
Bat Girl never existed either, but a superheroine named Flamebird was introduced who had a somewhat similar costume and similar name, " Bette Kane ". Despite the erasure of both Kathy Kane as Batwoman and Betty Kane as Bat Girl, there were references to both heroines	heroines	NOUN	in	ADP	 in
As an example of the pace of communication, it took a messenger a minimum of nine days to travel to Rome from Mainz in the province of Germania Superior, even on a matter of urgency. In addition to the mansiones, some taverns offered accommodations as well	well	ADV	as	ADP	 as
Joanne Whalley as Sorsha, Bavmorda's warrior daughter who falls in love with Madmartigan. In the film's novelization, her father is revealed as the king of Tir Asleen, which becomes a further factor for Sorsha to turn against her mother. Jean Marsh as Queen	Queen	PROPN	Bavmorda	PROPN	 Bavmorda
It is a find of the greatest national (and, indeed, international) significance. " On 7 October 2010, the helmet was sold at Christie's for £2.3 million (US $3.6 million) to an undisclosed private buyer. Tullie House Museum and	and	CCONJ	Art	PROPN	 Art
" Tombstone Blues " and " It Takes a Lot to Laugh " were included in the final album, but " Positively 4th Street " was issued as a single only release. At the close of the July 29 session, Dylan attempted to record " Desolation Row	Row	PROPN	"	PUNCT	 "
Only Delta Goodrem and Kylie Minogue have achieved more. " Angels Brought Me Here " sold 128,679 copies in its first week, setting an Australian record at the time for the highest first week single sales by both a debut artist and an Australian artist. It also	also	ADV	had	VERB	 had
Mark Gordon and Graham Yost stated they felt " bitter and happy " after initially not being asked to be involved in Speed 2, then seeing how the film was unsuccessful. Despite the overwhelming negative reviews, the film did receive some positive feedback. Roger Ebert of	of	ADP	the	DET	 the
By modern standards, the brewing process was relatively inefficient, but capable of producing quite strong alcohol when that was desired. One recent attempt to recreate medieval English " strong ale " using recipes and techniques of the era (albeit with the use of modern yeast strains	strains	NOUN	)	PUNCT	)
Prior to releasing music, she acted in various television drama and plays. In 1996, she acted in the drama Long Vacation, which became very popular in Japan. At the wrap up party of the drama, the director of the series at that time heard	heard	VERB	her	PRON	 her
Coinciding with this news, the company launched a website to cover The Open Championship of 1996; it detailed both current events and the history of the tournament and its courses. According to Bradford, the company was " hoping to make a splash " with the game	game	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
During their time together, Lightning inadvertently summons Odin, and she unknowingly supports Hope's plan to assassinate Snow by protecting and training him. Throughout the game, Lightning struggles to deal with her nature as a l ' Cie, her anger at being made Cocoon's	's	PART	enemy	NOUN	 enemy
Fujisaka crafted her to emulate the dark tones of the series, although he also added features to create a feminine vibe, such as the flower in her eye. Despite being criticized for her characterization and personality, she has also been praised for her interactions with the	the	DET	other	ADJ	 other
Other key Square Enix staff members working on Luminous Studio include Takeshi Nozue, Akira Iwata and Hiroshi Iwasaki. While ground work was being laid for Luminous, members of the team traveled to look at engine technology being developed by IO Interactive, Crystal Dynamics and Eidos Montreal	Montreal	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
Smaller, less dominant species locate themselves further away from the centre, or higher above the location of the dominant species, where prey is less plentiful. Antbirds are monogamous, in almost all cases forming pair bonds that last the life of the pair. Studies of	of	ADP	the	DET	 the
When Savage, McCann and Farrell — known IRA members — travelled to Spain in preparation for the attack, they were tracked at the request of the British government. On the day of the shootings, Savage was seen parking a white Renault in the car park used	used	VERB	as	ADP	 as
According to the Nielsen ratings system, it was watched by an estimated 5.24 million viewers and earned a 1.9 / 5 ratings share among adults 18 to 49. Fox finished in fourth place for the night, though time shifted viewings increased the episode's ratings by 42	42	NUM	percent	NOUN	 percent
The broad ampullaceous pitcher is 6 inches in diameter, and 12 long: it has two fimbriated wings in front, is covered with long rusty hairs above, is wholly studded with glands within, and the broad annulus is everted, and 1 – 1 ½ inch	inch	NOUN	in	ADP	 in
In 1984, the Delhi Development Authority and the Urban Arts Commission came up with a proposal for developing a multi modal transport system, which would consist of constructing three underground mass rapid transit corridors as well augmenting the city's existing suburban railway and road transport networks.	.	PUNCT	While	SCONJ	 While
Sherman's division bore the brunt of the initial attack. Despite heavy fire on their position and their left flank crumbling, Sherman's men fought stubbornly, but the Union troops slowly lost ground and fell back to a position behind Shiloh Church. McClernand's division temporarily	temporarily	ADV	stabilized	VERB	 stabilized
After the conquest, the inhabitants of the kingdom were resettled in San Pedro Sacatepéquez, and San Martín Jilotepeque. The Chajoma rebelled against the Spanish in 1526, fighting a battle at Ukub ' il, an unidentified site somewhere near the modern towns of San Juan Sacatepéquez	Sacatepéquez	PROPN	and	CCONJ	 and
Australia were not scheduled to play any Tests until a tour of South Africa in 1957 – 58 and captain Ian Johnson and his deputy Keith Miller retired upon their return to Australia, both men being in their late 30s. In a move regarded as surprising, the	the	DET	21	NUM	 21
Lancaster further demonstrated his disapproval of the king by his refusal to assist Edward in his Scottish campaigns, including the decisive defeat at the Battle of Bannockburn. The resulting raids by the Scottish on Northern England forced Edward to concede to demands from his barons for the kingdom	kingdom	NOUN	to	PART	 to
Old vine Zinfandel plantings dating from the 1930s have been found in Baja California, Mexico. There are also small Zinfandel plantings in Western Australia, Mudgee in New South Wales and the McLaren Vale area of South Australia. South Africa has a small production of Zinfandel,	,	PUNCT	including	VERB	 including
Ben tells Juliet he will convince Jack to perform surgery on him. After Goodwin dies, Ben shows Juliet the corpse, so she knows she is Ben's and will be on the Island forever. Ben makes his first appearance in the season two episode " One	One	NUM	of	ADP	 of
I just couldn't understand what was happening because I was so sure that I was going to go to school with Mona and Guinevere, Wanda, and all of my playmates. The case " Oliver Brown et al. v. The Board of Education of Topeka,	,	PUNCT	Kansas	PROPN	 Kansas
There are five whorled sepals at the base of the corolla. Within the corolla is a central style that persists through development of the fruit. The style connects the stigma at the apex and ovary at the base, where the nectar is also located. Different colour	colour	NOUN	forms	NOUN	 forms
The boundaries of the town are virtually indistinguishable between its neighbouring small towns and villages forming a contiguous urban area. The villages of Kinglassie, Milton of Balgonie and Star of Markinch are located slightly further away and are physically separated from Glenrothes by farmland. Kirkcaldy, a	a	DET	traditional	ADJ	 traditional
Three practice sessions were held before the Sunday race — one on Friday, and two on Saturday. The first session lasted 90 minutes. The Saturday afternoon session lasted 45 minutes, and the evening session lasted 65 minutes. In the first practice session, Marcos Ambrose	Ambrose	PROPN	was	AUX	 was
The notion of racial superiority, symbolized by this Aryan hero, was a criticism given by J. Hoberman and James Wolcott; they highlighted the film's Nietzschean epigraph and labeled its protagonist as Nietzsche's übermensch. Ebert was disturbed by the depiction of a " Nordic superman	superman	NOUN	confronting	VERB	 confronting
USgamer's Jeremy Parish wrote that the game's challenges were in distinguishing the interactive objects from the environment and then figuring out the function of those interactive objects. For example, a ball resembling a dandelion releases its spores when circled, but the player has to follow	follow	VERB	the	DET	 the
Besides fish, as well as other types of seafood, Zibdieh, is a clay pot dish that consists of shrimp baked in a stew of olive oil, garlic, hot peppers, and peeled tomatoes. Crabs are cooked and then stuffed with a red hot pepper	pepper	NOUN	paste	NOUN	 paste
In terms of lyricism, he simplifies some of his rhymes after touring with The Rolling Stones on their A Bigger Bang concert tour and discovering he could not captivate the audiences as well with his most complex lyrical themes. West made a conscious decision to abstain from the	the	DET	widespread	ADJ	 widespread
' They're not ready for that one! ". A separate music video was filmed for the remix, shot in black and white and featuring a cameo appearance by Dogg. The Desert Storm Remix received mixed reviews from music critics. Stephen Thomas Erlewine chose the	the	DET	song	NOUN	 song
Over 12,000 women graduated from the school in its 94 years of operation. By the 1940s, budget concerns and national trends made it clear that Louisville Girls High School and duPont Manual would merge into one coeducational school. They finally did so in September 1950 and remained	remained	VERB	in	ADP	 in
In the 21st century, there is increasing global awareness of the threat posed by the human greenhouse effect, produced largely by forest clearing and the burning of fossil fuels. The philosophical and analytic framework of sustainability draws on and connects with many different disciplines and fields;	;	PUNCT	in	ADP	 in
A simplified version of the model was popularized by Paul Krugman in the 1990s in his book Peddling Prosperity. In this set up there are two firms, one foreign and one domestic which are considering entering a new export market in a third country (or possibly the	the	DET	whole	ADJ	 whole
Before version 3.0, Python had two kinds of classes: old style and new style. Old style classes were eliminated in Python 3.0, making all classes new style. In versions between 2.2 and 3.0, both kinds of classes could be used. The syntax of	of	ADP	both	DET	 both
A Region 2 DVD and Blu ray containing this episode together with " Vincent and the Doctor ", " The Lodger " and " The Pandorica Opens " was released on 6 September 2010. It was then re released as part of the complete series five DVD on	on	ADP	8	NUM	 8
those are sensual things. And then you'd say, ' I'm picking up good vibrations, ' which is a contrast against the sensual, the extrasensory perception that we have. That's what we're really talking about. " Brian claimed in 2012 that	that	SCONJ	the	DET	 the
Caius did discuss the " Spainel gentle, or Comforter " though, which he classified as a delicate thoroughbred. This spaniel was thought to originate from Malta and was sought out only as a lapdog for " daintie dames ". Captain John Saris may have brought back	back	ADP	examples	NOUN	 examples
He brought a number of prominent Thelemites into the O.T.O., including Jack Parsons and Grady Louis McMurtry, but he had a strained relationship with both Crowley and Crowley's North American deputy, Karl Germer, who eventually ousted him from his position as Agape Lodge leader,	,	PUNCT	replacing	VERB	 replacing
On February 12, 2008, Imad Mughnieh was killed by a car bomb in Damascus, Syria. On December 3, 2013, senior military commander Hassan al Laqis was shot outside his home, two miles (three kilometers) southwest of Beirut. He died a	a	DET	few	ADJ	 few
The highway is a part of the National Highway System for its entire length. SR 40 begins at the intersection of Main Street and Second Street in the city of Folkston. Second Street carries US 1 / US 23 / US 301 / SR 4 / SR 15	15	NUM	.	PUNCT	.
A sequel was originally planned for 2017, but was removed from the studio's schedule in November 2015. List indicator (s) This table only includes characters which have appeared in more than one film. A dark grey cell indicates the character was not in the	the	DET	film	NOUN	 film
Croatian sources said Mladenić ordered the bombardment in retribution for the loss of Mukos. In response to the difficult position of the Yugoslav Navy vessels north of Šolta and Brač, the Vis TG led by Pula sailed north from the island of Vis to draw some of the	the	DET	artillery	NOUN	 artillery
The main unit began on 3 January 2008 at Pinewood Studios. The 007 Stage was used for the fight in the art gallery, and an MI6 safehouse hidden within the city's cisterns, while other stages housed Bond's Bolivian hotel suite, and the MI6 headquarters	headquarters	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
Kamimura closed to about a range of 8,000 meters (8,700 yd) before sheering off under fire to join Tōgō's battleships. Azuma was second of six when Tōgō opened fire on the 2nd Pacific Squadron at 14: 10 and, unlike most of the ships in	in	ADP	the	DET	 the
Windon appeared in all three Tests, as well as playing for New South Wales against the tourists. He scored a try in all three Tests; the first was won by the Maori, the second a draw, and the third won by Australia. Later that	that	DET	year	NOUN	 year
Jamahl Epsicokhan, on his website Jammer's Reviews, said that it was " by miles the best episode so far ". He calls it a " real story " with an actual issue, and praises the performance of John Billingsley as Phlox. The episode was	was	AUX	received	VERB	 received
According to an unnamed Al Jazeera reporter, hospitals in Manama were full because of patients that were awaiting treatment as a result of and during the police raid, including medical personnel who were attacked by police while trying to help the wounded. New York Times columnist Nicolas	Nicolas	PROPN	Kristof	PROPN	 Kristof
" Bakshi wanted the film to be the antithesis of any animated film produced by the Walt Disney Company. Accordingly, Fritz the Cat includes two satirical references to Disney. In one scene, silhouettes of Mickey Mouse, Daisy Duck, and Donald Duck are shown cheering	cheering	VERB	on	ADP	 on
This action violated the treaty that had been signed by the Roman emperor Augustus and Parthian king Phraates IV which gave the Romans the explicit right to appoint and crown the kings of Armenia. Vologases I considered the throne of Armenia to have been once the property of his	his	PRON	ancestors	NOUN	 ancestors
Clayton said that adding the song to the tour's set list was " very experimental " and that it was a " bit cheeky " to introduce to the tour as the band had little experience performing it. The song debuted on the tour on 10 April 2011	2011	NUM	in	ADP	 in
Manuel was involved in the negotiations. Bern was not prepared to insist on the unhindered preaching or the prohibition of the pension system. Zurich and Bern could not agree and the Five (Catholic) States pledged only to dissolve their alliance with Austria. This was a	a	DET	bitter	ADJ	 bitter
The city is located at an elevation of 4,336 feet (1,322 m) on the western flank of the Sacramento Mountains and on the eastern edge of the Tularosa Basin. It is in the Rio Grande rift and in the northernmost part of the Chihuahuan Desert. Tectonic	Tectonic	ADJ	activity	NOUN	 activity
Elsewhere in the country a funeral procession was held for Fadhel Al Matrook, while a motorcade of about 100 cars with supporters of King Hamad passed without police interference. The Ministry of Interior then announced that the gathering at Pearl Roundabout was illegal and that it was only	only	ADV	tolerated	VERB	 tolerated
It's going to be there for years. " The book " Then Ozzie Said to Harold... ": The Best Chicago White Sox Stories Ever Told, coauthored by Pierce, was published in March 2008. Pierce married Gloria McCreadie, who he had dated since	since	SCONJ	high	ADJ	 high
After nearly 40 minutes of brutal, close quarters fighting, the two sides broke contact and ceased fire at 02: 26, after Abe and Captain Gilbert Hoover (the captain of Helena and senior surviving U.S. officer) ordered their respective forces to disengage. Admiral Abe	Abe	PROPN	had	VERB	 had
In 1543, several conservative clergymen in Kent banded together to attack and denounce two reformers, Richard Turner and John Bland, before the Privy Council. They prepared articles to present to the Council, but at the last moment, additional denunciations were added by Stephen Gardiner	Gardiner	PROPN	’	PUNCT	 ’
It also featured non musical media, such as the Bread and Puppet Theater and comedians Todd Barry, Kristen Schaal, John Mulaney, and Hannibal Buress as well as interactive musical installations by Cline and Kotche. Wilco's contract with Nonesuch ended in 2010 and they formed	formed	VERB	their	PRON	 their
The Yankees needed a top tier starting pitcher to pair with CC Sabathia, and the Mariners felt they could afford to part with Pineda because of their depth of top tier pitching prospects, including Danny Hultzen, James Paxton, and Taijuan Walker. Pineda was placed on	on	ADP	the	DET	 the
To this end, she helps Lynx manipulate the Acacia Dragoons, the powerful militia governing the islands of El Nido. As the Dragoons maintain order, they contend with Fargo, a former Dragoon turned pirate captain who holds a grudge against their leader, General Viper.	.	PUNCT	Their	PRON	 Their
Commander of Einsatzgruppe D, SS Gruppenführer Otto Ohlendorf, particularly noted this propensity towards excess, and ordered that any man who was too eager to participate or too brutal should not perform any further executions. During a visit to Minsk in August 1941, Himmler witnessed an	an	DET	Einsatzgruppen	ADJ	 Einsatzgruppen
Aziz Ansari, who was particularly acclaimed during the first season for his role as Tom Haverford, received similar praise in the second season as well. Many reviewers were critical of the pairing of Mark and Ann, feeling the couple lacked chemistry and were often the least	least	ADJ	funny	ADJ	 funny
The ship entered the harbor by the western entrance and struck at least one mine. The crew abandoned ship and was rescued by nearby vessels. Efforts to save her were in vain; she eventually jack knifed and went to the bottom. Tucker had steamed into a	a	DET	minefield	NOUN	 minefield
It was built originally as the sixteen story high Lumber Exchange Building and later renamed as the 11 South LaSalle Street Building. The Holabird & Roche design had three basements and rock caissons. The original 16 floor building was a late Chicago school commercial building that incorporated arches	arches	NOUN	at	ADP	 at
On the subject of the Broadway revisions, Schwartz recalled, " It was clear there was work to be done and revisions to be made in the book and the score. The critical community was, frankly, very helpful to us. We learned a lot from	from	ADP	the	DET	 the
Four days later, hackers managed to access, download, and distribute the game online; Microsoft stated they were actively investigating the matter. Halo 2, Halo 3, and ODST were similarly leaked ahead of their planned release. According to Jarrard, the team decided	decided	VERB	to	PART	 to
By this point, the Texian Army was dominated by very recent arrivals to the region, primarily adventurers from the United States. Many Texas settlers, unprepared for a long campaign, had returned home. Angered by what he perceived to be American interference in Mexican affairs	affairs	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
It is the second busiest railway station in Norway, behind Oslo Central Station (Oslo S), from which Nationaltheatret is 1.4 kilometers (0.9 mi) away. Owned and operated by the Norwegian National Rail Administration, Nationaltheatret serves regional services to the Vestfold Line and	and	CCONJ	intercity	ADJ	 intercity
A Florida court found in favor of the plaintiff and ordered the federal government to compensate him for the damages and to pay him interest on his claim from the time the damages were incurred. Treasury Secretary Thomas Ewing asked Crittenden whether the court had the authority to award	award	VERB	interest	NOUN	 interest
The Argylls subsequently sent a patrol into the town, establishing initial contact with US 3 / 187 RCT, marrying up with K Company which was established in a number of houses on the northern edge of Yongju and on Hill 163 immediately above their position. A strong	strong	ADJ	North	ADJ	 North
The hurricane remained barely inland and re emerged into the Atlantic at Merritt Island early on September 4. Thereafter, the cyclone weakened slightly and made landfall in Blackbeard Island, Georgia later that day as a Category 1 hurricane. David headed north northeastward and weakened to a	a	DET	tropical	ADJ	 tropical
One critic of the book wrote, " The work rapidly becomes an apology for political terrorism and effectively advocates the assassination of the entire American New Right. While the reasons for such a vengeance motif are perhaps evident, can it really be countenanced? Are we still	still	ADV	justified	VERB	 justified
He was also interested in protecting the weakening Ottoman Empire, which could be advantageously utilized in the event of a Prussian war either with Russia or Austria. Frederick's brother, Prince Henry, spent the winter of 1770 – 71 as a representative of the Prussian court	court	NOUN	at	ADP	 at
The case was eventually settled in 2002, four months after Wilkinson's death. On December 18, 2006, Beshear announced that he would enter the 2007 gubernatorial race with Hazard physician and state senator Daniel Mongiardo as his running mate. Beshear promised to return " integrity	integrity	NOUN	"	PUNCT	 "
Greek poet Oppian (172 – 210 AD) claimed that the touch of stingray venom could even dissolve stone. In Greek mythology, Hercules was said to have lost a finger to the bite of a stingray, and Circe was said to have armed her son Telegonus	Telegonus	PROPN	with	ADP	 with
Native metatherian predators (including the saber toothed thylacosmilids) had gone extinct by the Pliocene, and were replaced by North American carnivores such as canids, bears, and large cats. S. populator was very successful here, while Homotherium never became widespread. The extinction of	of	ADP	the	DET	 the
Cameron said he " has that quality of being a guy you'd want to have a beer with, and he ultimately becomes a leader who transforms the world ". Stephen Lang as Colonel Miles Quaritch, the head of the mining operation's security detail. Fiercely	Fiercely	ADV	loyal	ADJ	 loyal
The newspaper then compared it to the 1948 ballet film The Red Shoes in having " a nightmarish quality... of a dancer consumed by her desire to dance ". The film was released on DVD and Blu ray Disc in Region 1 / Region A on March 29	29	NUM	,	PUNCT	,
Also, because real tires have a finite contact patch with the road surface that can generate a scrub torque, and when in a turn, can experience some side slipping as they roll, they can generate torques about an axis normal to the plane of the contact	contact	NOUN	patch	NOUN	 patch
It is usually a rest tremor: maximal when the limb is at rest and disappearing with voluntary movement and sleep. It affects to a greater extent the most distal part of the limb and at onset typically appears in only a single arm or leg, becoming bilateral	bilateral	ADV	later	ADV	 later
Such sculptures are found in Eran, Muradpur, Badoh, Gwalior, Jhansi and Apasadh. In the anthropomorphic form, Varaha often has a stylized boar face, like the zoomorphic models. The snout may be shorter. The position and size of the tusks may also	also	ADV	be	AUX	 be
In total, 129 episodes have been produced and broadcast. My Little Pony: Friendship Is Magic is one of several animated shows used to premiere The Hub, a retooling of the Discovery Kids channel of Discovery Communications in United States markets. The block of programming is	is	AUX	a	DET	 a
The Republican National Committee ordered 250,000 copies in pamphlet form, and eventually twice that many were printed. Weed sometimes expressed certainty that Seward would be nominated; at other times he expressed gloom at the thought of the convention fight. He had some reason for doubt,	,	PUNCT	as	SCONJ	 as
Due to his advanced age, Brezhnev was regarded as too old to carry out some of the functions of head of state. The Supreme Soviet, on Brezhnev's orders, established the new post of First Deputy Chairman of the Presidium of the Supreme Soviet, an	an	DET	office	NOUN	 office
The destroyer fell back through her smoke screen to buy time to get her second torpedo mount working, but Heye followed Glowworm through the smoke to finish her off before she could fire the rest of her torpedoes. The two ships were very close when Hipper emerged from	from	ADP	the	DET	 the
Simon Hornblower asserts that Thebes ' great legacy to fourth century and Hellenistic Greece was federalism, " a kind of alternative to imperialism, a way of achieving unity without force ", which " embodies a representative principle ". For all his noble qualities, Epaminondas was	was	AUX	unable	ADJ	 unable
The name " crustacean " dates from the earliest works to describe the animals, including those of Pierre Belon and Guillaume Rondelet, but the name was not used by some later authors, including Carl Linnaeus, who included crustaceans among the " Aptera " in his Systema	Systema	PROPN	Naturae	PROPN	 Naturae
Cooper and John based their work on earlier models including Peter Diamond's (1982) coconut model, which demonstrated a case of coordination failure involving search and matching theory. In Diamond's model producers are more likely to produce if they see others producing. The increase	increase	NOUN	in	ADP	 in
In all, two hundred railway employees were killed between 1886 and 1916. In 1912, the CPR admitted defeat and started the construction of an eight kilometer tunnel under the pass and Mount Macdonald. The Connaught Tunnel opened in 1916. The new tunnel bypassed Glacier House	House	PROPN	's	PART	's
Under the influence of a cold front, Nicole curved northeastward starting on November 27. While crossing sea surface temperatures that were 2 to 3° F (3.6 to 5.4° C) above normal, the storm began to significantly intensify. After development of an eye	eye	NOUN	and	CCONJ	 and
The depiction of Christ in pictorial form was highly controversial in the early church. From the 5th century onward, flat painted icons became popular in the Eastern Church. The Byzantine Iconoclasm acted as a barrier to developments in the East, but by the ninth century,	,	PUNCT	art	NOUN	 art
These bicycle frames featured " Greg LeMond " branding. In 1990, LeMond founded LeMond Bicycles to develop machines for himself that would also be marketed and sold to the public. The following year, searching for an equipment edge for Team Z at the 1991 Tour de	de	PROPN	France	PROPN	 France
The first live performance of the Ray Davies Quartet, the band that would become the Kinks, was at a dance for their school, William Grimshaw, in 1962. The band performed under several names between 1962 and 1963 — " The Pete Quaife Band ",	,	PUNCT	"	PUNCT	 "
Later that season, it was announced that the stand was available for shared use between both home and away supporters, increasing Kenilworth Road's home capacity by 15%. The Oak Road End has an entrance that is often considered unusual, requiring spectators to go through	through	ADP	an	DET	 an
It was the club's first season in European competition, and they beat Italian side Torino, East German club SC Leipzig, Spanish club Valencia and Hungarian outfit Újpest, before they were beaten 3 – 1 by Spanish side Real Zaragoza at Elland Road in a tiebreaker	tiebreaker	NOUN	game	NOUN	 game
The Solicitor General, John Lee, appeared on behalf of the Zong's owners, as he had done previously in the Guildhall trial. Granville Sharp was also in attendance, together with a secretary he had hired to take a written record of the proceedings. Summing	Summing	VERB	up	ADP	 up
It was similar to the Rodrigues rail, but was larger, and had proportionally shorter wings. It has been compared to a kiwi or a limpkin in appearance and behaviour. It is believed to have fed on invertebrates, and snail shells have been found with damage	damage	NOUN	matching	VERB	 matching
Gartness, a British steamer of 2,422 gross register tons (GRT), was transporting manganese ore, lead, and arsenic from Ergasteria for Middlesbrough when torpedoed by U 40 some 140 nautical miles (260 km) southeast of Malta. The ship's master and twelve	twelve	NUM	other	ADJ	 other
With Goodies, Ciara was hailed as the " Princess " or " First Lady of Crunk & B. " The album uses dance music while utilizing pop, R & B, and hip hop influences. The album delivers contradictory lyrical content, featuring female empowerment and independence	independence	NOUN	promoting	VERB	 promoting
The nomenclatural database Index Fungorum does not consider these varieties to have independent taxonomical significance. In a 2012 publication, mycologist Mike Davis and colleagues suggest that western North American Russula brevipes comprise a complex of at least four distinct species. According to MycoBank, the European species	species	NOUN	Russula	PROPN	 Russula
There are about 26 species in the genus (see below), ranging in size from understorey shrubs with subterranean stems to subcanopy trees as tall as 20 metres (66 ft). Most have pinnately compound leaves (leaves which are divided into leaflets arranged feather like	like	INTJ	,	PUNCT	,
As a hermit, Withers lives in solitude. He does not own a car or television; he gets his news from the people around him and gets around on a bicycle that he found, broken, on the side of the road. Though he has an	an	DET	open	ADJ	 open
In March 1933 Waugh wrote to Peters from Chagford to say that he intended to call the novel A Handful of Ashes. This title was disliked by Harpers; an alternative, Fourth Decade, was also considered and rejected. Finally, the story was serialised under the	the	DET	title	NOUN	 title
" For many years afterward, the Halifax Explosion was the standard by which all large blasts were measured. For instance, in its report on the atomic bombing of Hiroshima, Time wrote that the explosive power of the Little Boy bomb was seven times that of the	the	DET	Halifax	PROPN	 Halifax
He spent two months under harsh conditions in captivity before being liberated by South African troops. He lost a considerable amount of weight during his time as a prisoner of war. He rejoined the 2nd New Zealand Division which was refitting in Syria, but then contracted malaria	malaria	NOUN	and	CCONJ	 and
The June 1988 forecast was that eleven storms would form and that seven would reach hurricane status. The forecast did not specify how many hurricanes would reach major hurricane status. The Atlantic hurricane season officially began on June 1, but activity in 1988 began two days earlier	earlier	ADV	with	ADP	 with
During the running fight under the trees Juigné's force lost 25 men and abandoned part of its ammunitions. The French column, despite the harassment, managed to take control of the bridge and started to cross to the opposite bank of the Fluvià. The miquelets and	and	CCONJ	armed	ADJ	 armed
In January 2014, it was announced that a digital spin off of Veronica Mars was in development with creator Rob Thomas. The metafictional concept features Ryan Hansen portraying himself in an attempt to make a spin off based on his character Dick Casablancas. On August 13,	,	PUNCT	2014	NUM	 2014
That same month BA purchased a 25% stake in the Australian airline Qantas and, with the acquisition of Brymon Airways in May, formed British Airways Citiexpress (later BA Connect). In September 1998, British Airways, along with American Airlines, Cathay Pacific,	,	PUNCT	Qantas	PROPN	 Qantas
According to his analysis it would cause a problem if " the Pakistani Taliban attack bridges or decide to take these people head on in the tribal areas " connecting Pakistan to the southern Afghan province of Kandahar. American officials said according to the New York Times that Hillary	Hillary	PROPN	Clinton	PROPN	 Clinton
Coming just after New Zealand abandoned their 1967 rugby tour over South Africa's refusal to accommodate a mixed team, the cancellation of the 1968 – 69 MCC series over D ' Oliveira marked the second such incident in two years. According to Oborne, the affair forced	forced	VERB	upon	SCONJ	 upon
His estate was called Colen Donck, for " Donck's colony ", and the Nepperhan became known as Colen Donck's Kill, after the Dutch word for " stream ". He built a sawmill and a gristmill on his land. After his death, his	his	PRON	widow	NOUN	 widow
The building is situated in the Hollywood Walk of Fame monument area on the southwest corner of the intersection referred to as Hollywood and Vine, marking the intersection of Hollywood Boulevard and Vine Street. It was originally built as the B. H. Dyas Building in 1927. The	The	DET	Broadway	PROPN	 Broadway
She guilts Freddie into accompanying her to the ball and volunteers Emily to go with JJ. Later, she is furious with Emily for having sex with JJ without her permission, still insisting that Emily is " not gay, [just] stupid ". Katie intercepts	intercepts	VERB	one	NUM	 one
" It is a duality in unity, the underlying principle being a sexual dualism ". Art historian Sivaramamurti calls it " a unique connection of the closely knit ideal of man and woman rising above the craving of the flesh and serving as a symbol of hospitality and	and	CCONJ	parenthood	NOUN	 parenthood
' " Saunders concluded that the song " is as lively and rousing as most of their best tracks. " Sputnikmusic wrote: " The adventure is only on the second track [Lights and Sounds] and the guys of Yellowcard are just getting started. This is	is	AUX	by	ADP	 by
However, not all Gyeongju clans date to the Silla period; for instance, the Gyeongju Bing clan was founded in the early Joseon Dynasty. The city remains an important centre of Korean Buddhism. East of the downtown area lies Bulguksa, one of South Korea's	's	PART	largest	ADJ	 largest
During development, many ideas were considered for Li Long's appearance, including several younger drafts. Another idea considered was for him to fight using kung fu, instead of solely with his nunchaku. Due to a ban of nunchaku weapons in the United Kingdom, his	his	PRON	weapon	NOUN	 weapon
Prior to the fires of 1996 to 2003, archeologists had surveyed approximately ninety percent of the park. Dense undergrowth and tree cover kept many ancient sites hidden from view, but after the Chapin V, Bircher and Pony fires, 593 previously undiscovered sites were revealed –	–	PUNCT	most	ADJ	 most
Morrisett used the same fund raising techniques as he had used for Sesame Street. The Electric Company stopped production in 1977, but continued in re runs until 1985; it eventually became one of the most widely used TV shows in American classrooms and was revived in 2009	2009	NUM	.	PUNCT	.
Recording for Trespass began in June at Trident Studios, London with Anthony as producer and David Hentschel hired as assistant engineer. The album included longer and more complex songs than their first with folk and progressive rock elements with various time signature changes, as in the nine	nine	NUM	minute	NOUN	 minute
The 10 September episode was followed by a twenty minute episode of documentary programme EastEnders Revealed titled " Peggy Mitchell: Queen of the Vic ". Narrated by Shane Richie, the documentary looked at ten moments from Peggy's time in the show that made her a British	British	ADJ	icon	NOUN	 icon
In a comparative technical test, Network World said the EX4200 was the top performer out of network switches they tested in latency and throughput, but its multicast features were " newer and less robust " than other aspects of the product. Juniper Networks announced the T1600 1.6	1.6	NUM	Terabits	PROPN	 Terabits
Around nightfall, the 22nd was relieved by the 20th Maine. Falling back to a sunken road on the outskirts of Fredericksburg, the 22nd was still exposed to Confederate artillery and took cover as best they could. Many of the regiment had thrown away their haversacks in	in	ADP	an	DET	 an
King George III's fourth son, Edward, Duke of Kent, fathered the eventual heir, Victoria, who was born 18 months after Charlotte's death. In 1794, George, Prince of Wales, sought a suitable bride. He did not do so out	out	ADP	of	ADP	 of
Randy Manery became the team's first all star when he played in the 1973 contest. He was subsequently joined by Al McDonough (1974), Tom Lysiak (1975, 1976 and 1977), Curt Bennett (1975 and 1976), Eric Vail (1977	1977	NUM	)	PUNCT	)
He was in command of Southampton in May 1772 when he received orders to command a small squadron tasked with transporting Caroline Matilda, former Queen of Denmark and Norway and sister of King George III, from Elsinore to Stadt. The squadron consisted of Southampton, and two	two	NUM	of	ADP	 of
The difficulty of wood fighting was not appreciated at the time and Farr wrote that the reputation of the division suffered due to the repeated interference by Horne in matters best left to the divisional or brigade staff and his " inexperience of battlefield command at this level ".	.	PUNCT	At	ADP	 At
" Each member of the band plays a character working in the salon, pampering and making up a variety of men. Nicola Roberts is " Chelsea Tanner, " who sprays insulting messages with fake bronzer onto her male customers; Nadine Coyle is " Frenchie ",	,	PUNCT	who	PRON	 who
In 2007, a detachment of six Tornados of the Aufklärungsgeschwader 51 " Immelmann " (51st reconnaissance wing) were deployed to Mazar i Sharif, Northern Afghanistan, to support NATO forces. The decision to send Tornados to Afghanistan was a controversial decision, including one political	political	ADJ	party	NOUN	 party
Galland was outspoken, something that was not often tolerated by Göring. Yet, by earning and cultivating the support of other powerful personalities in the Luftwaffe, like Erhard Milch and Günther Korten, and personalities in the industrial sector such as Albert Speer and even Adolf Hitler	Hitler	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
Two members of the management committee resigned, as they felt that Stockton would be adversely affected by the line, and Meynell, the S & DR chairman, stepped down from leadership. The Clarence Railway was approved a few days later, with the same gauge as	as	ADP	the	DET	 the
" Additionally, she called its chorus " uplifting " and " soaring, " following praise towards Carey's vocal performance. The song received a mixed review from The Washington Post editor Mike Joyce, who while impressed, claimed it was not as good as competing ballads	ballads	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
One of the sources of inspiration for the soundtrack was " Revolution 9 " by The Beatles, a sound collage which Noé describes as a work " where you catch the beginning of a note, or of a melody and then it's already somewhere else. "	"	PUNCT	The	DET	 The
" The film critic Robin Wood wrote that through her child abuse, Asami is taught that love and pain must be inseparable. The audience is led to identify with Asami through this victimization and also what Stephen LeDrew described as a " patriarchal Japanese society ". Elvis	Elvis	PROPN	Mitchell	PROPN	 Mitchell
Consequently, Harvey received a job offer to work as a sales supervisor for a glass manufacturer in Sydney, so he moved to New South Wales and gave up the Victorian captaincy. As a new player to NSW, he was behind vice captain Richie Benaud in the	the	DET	state	NOUN	 state
" In his review for The Washington Post, Michael Cavna rewatched the pilot episode " Help Wanted " in 2009 and said " so much of the style and polish are already in place. " He ranked the episode at No. 3 at his The Top Five	Five	PROPN	SpongeBob	PROPN	 SpongeBob
Patrick Gann was disparaging of the North American version of the CD, however, saying that its shortened tracklist destroyed the main reason to buy the album. Don Kotowski of Square Enix Music Online was dismissive of the Original Soundtrack album, saying that while the Original Sound	Sound	PROPN	Version	PROPN	 Version
The most important of these are five machines named the " Thunderbirds ", each assigned to one of the five Tracy brothers: Thunderbird 1: a hypersonic rocket plane used for fast response and accident zone reconnaissance. Piloted by primary rescue co ordinator Scott Tracy. Thunderbird	Thunderbird	PROPN	2	NUM	 2
Carlos García, a physician and the head of the family, is the youngest of 35 children his father sired during his lifetime, both in and out of wedlock. Laura, Carlos's wife, also comes from an important family: her father is a factory	factory	NOUN	owner	NOUN	 owner
It seems like a match made in heaven, but ultimately it ’ s fairly safe. " Matthew Horton of BBC Music called the song " superfluous ". The song entered the Sverigetopplistan chart at its peak position of number fifty six, before dropping out the next	next	ADJ	week	NOUN	 week
The International Court of Justice (ICJ), located in The Hague, in the Netherlands, is the primary judicial organ of the UN. Established in 1945 by the UN Charter, the Court began work in 1946 as the successor to the Permanent Court of International	International	PROPN	Justice	PROPN	 Justice
All observed GRBs have originated from outside the Milky Way galaxy, although a related class of phenomena, soft gamma repeater flares, are associated with magnetars within the Milky Way. It has been hypothesized that a gamma ray burst in the Milky Way, pointing directly towards	towards	ADP	the	DET	 the
He had to abandon after the first week before the race had reached the difficult mountain stages. That December he announced his retirement. At the time the reasons for LeMond's increasing difficulties were not entirely known. At a loss, he speculated that a condition known	known	VERB	as	ADP	 as
" The atmosphere of the establishment is described in precise detail, from the faces of the players to the " greasy " wallpaper and the tablecloth " worn by the friction of gold ". The emphasis on money evoked in the first pages – and its contrast with	with	ADP	the	DET	 the
The Hartford City Gas & Oil Company was formed in early 1887, and successfully drilled a natural gas well later in the year. In Montpelier, the Montpelier Gas & Oil Mining company was organized in the spring of 1887. While natural gas was found throughout Blackford	Blackford	PROPN	County	PROPN	 County
The series revolves around two brothers. One brother has been sentenced to death for a crime he did not commit, and the other devises an elaborate plan to help his brother escape prison and clear his name. The series was produced by Adelstein Parouse Productions, in	in	ADP	association	NOUN	 association
Both worked predominately in the north east around their home city, but also painted many of the figures of early Enlightenment Edinburgh. Alexander's best known work included the portrait of George Drummond the Lord Provost of Edinburgh (1756), who had been responsible for the	the	DET	creation	NOUN	 creation
The inactivation of the gene has severe deleterious effects and pedigree data of a captive ruff colony suggests that the inversion is homozygous lethal. Over the course of the past 3.8 million years, further mutations have accumulated within the inversion i.e. three deletions ranging from 3.3 to 17.6	17.6	NUM	kb	NOUN	 kb
The drug addiction of Towelie, a living and talking towel, is growing so overwhelming that the South Park children make attempts to help him. Towelie's history is shown, using head interviews and on screen captions (in a parody of " Intervention "),	,	PUNCT	starting	VERB	 starting
Three miles (4.8 km) east of there, they share a brief concurrency with SH 132. The two highways enter the county seat of Garfield County, the city of Enid, along Owen K. Garriott Road, named in honor of the astronaut. In downtown	downtown	NOUN	Enid	PROPN	 Enid
You will never want to leave your room. The informative lecture will satisfy all your beet curiosity, and the dawn goose walk will tug at your heart strings. Table making never seemed so possible. Great story to tell your friends. Plenty of parking! The	The	DET	staff	NOUN	 staff
Alongside Adamson, Berger's children critiqued his designs, aiding the process: his son thought the werewolf's ears were silly, so they were made smaller. For the Narnians, Berger envisioned them as more wild in appearance, as they have been forced into the	the	DET	forests	NOUN	 forests
Refineries for the plantation were constructed in Kissimmee and near Lake Okeechobee. The key to Disston's Florida plans was a massive dredging effort to drain the Kissimmee River floodplain that flows into Lake Okeechobee, to remove the surface water in the Everglades and the surrounding lands regardless	regardless	ADV	of	ADP	 of
In the classical Doppler effect, the frequency of the source is not modified, but the recessional motion causes the illusion of a lower frequency. A more complete treatment of the Doppler redshift requires considering relativistic effects associated with motion of sources close to the speed of light	light	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
The Whig candidate was General Scott, whom Pierce had served under in Mexico; his running mate was Secretary of the Navy William A. Graham. The Whigs could not unify their factions as the Democrats had, and the convention adopted a platform almost indistinguishable from that of	of	ADP	the	DET	 the
Madagascar has historically been perceived as being on the margin of mainstream African affairs despite being a founding member of the Organisation of African Unity, which was established in 1963 and dissolved in 2002 to be replaced by the African Union. Madagascar was not permitted to attend the	the	DET	first	ADJ	 first
PA 997 replaced the PA 996 designation between Scotland and Green Village. In addition, the north end of PA 333 was cut back to PA 433 near Lurgan, with PA 641 replacing the route between Roxbury and Newburg and PA 696 replacing the route between Newburg and	and	CCONJ	Shippensburg	PROPN	 Shippensburg
In the Mediterranean, she worked with other carriers developing multi carrier tactics. While showing the flag at the China Station, she helped to suppress pirates in Chinese waters. Hermes returned home in 1937 and was placed in reserve before becoming a training ship in 1938.	.	PUNCT	When	SCONJ	 When
Franco writes: " But a well stocked collection of selfies seems to get attention. And attention seems to be the name of the game when it comes to social networking. In this age of too much information at a click of a button, the power to	to	PART	attract	VERB	 attract
By 1935 it had largely been changed to its current route, except for a small section extending east of U.S. 41. The name Half Day Road is erroneously thought to derive from the tall tale that prior to the 1900s, it supposedly, and incorrectly took a	a	DET	half	ADJ	 half
Some time after the incident, Putin awarded Kadyrov's son, Ramzan, the same title for his work in Chechnya. All Russian cosmonauts are awarded the title of Hero of the Russian Federation following their voyage into space; some may already have earned it, for	for	ADP	example	NOUN	 example
Through these activities they provide religious instruction (doctrinal formation), coaching in spirituality for lay people (spiritual formation), character and moral education (human formation), lessons in sanctifying one's work (professional formation), and know how in evangelizing one's	's	PART	family	NOUN	 family
Husks of futuristic cities exist on artificial tectonic plates, which constantly shift to connect different parts of the planet. Inhabitants believe that diseased aliens were quarantined there eons ago, resulting in the name Anachronox. Northern Anachronox is clean and upscale, while southern Anachronox is crime	crime	NOUN	ridden	ADJ	 ridden
However, the former has a cap covered in hairs or bristles, and differs microscopically; for instance, the hyphae feature clamp connections. The Malagasy species Setulipes funaliformis was named after M. funalis due to the morphological similarities between the two. The species can be differentiated	differentiated	VERB	by	ADP	 by
Super Play too called her " the best MKII character " as she is " fast, with a good range of attacks, and the potential for the most awesome combo in the game. " EGM noted about how this " deadly woman... can hold her own	own	ADJ	against	ADP	 against
He was a figure in popular music for over five decades, regarded by critics and musicians as an innovator, particularly for his work in the 1970s. His career was marked by reinvention and visual presentation, his music and stagecraft significantly influencing popular music. During his	his	PRON	lifetime	NOUN	 lifetime
Crittenden maintained that he supported Clay for the presidency over anyone else, but he had believed that Clay did not intend to seek the Whig nomination in 1848. After Clay announced his candidacy, Crittenden said, he remained neutral in the Whigs ' choice. In the	the	DET	gubernatorial	ADJ	 gubernatorial
The Cardinals came up to bat in the bottom of the ninth inning with Hoyt trying to hold on to his six run lead. Hornsby singled to right field and advanced to second base on the following play. He then ran home to score a run on a	a	DET	Les	PROPN	 Les
Seaborg was elected to the National Academy of Sciences in 1948. From 1954 to 1961 he served as associate director of the radiation laboratory. He was appointed by President Truman to serve as a member of the General Advisory Committee of the Atomic Energy Commission, an assignment	assignment	NOUN	he	PRON	 he
Melodic material is treated loosely in these works, reflecting their harmonic freedom; ornamentation and textural patterns assume a preeminent position. Because of their emphasis on non thematic processes, the nocturnes have been described as " static ". Some examples of them are The Garden of	of	ADP	Irām	PROPN	 Irām
Young began the 2003 season on the disabled list before joining the Brevard County Manatees of the Florida State League towards the end of April. He posted a 5 – 2 record with a 1.62 ERA, and held opposing batters to a.150 batting average in eight starts.	.	PUNCT	His	PRON	 His
Widespread evasion proved to be a problem, and the tax only raised £18,600 — far short of the £50,000 that had been hoped for. In November 1380, Parliament was called together again in Northampton. Archbishop Simon Sudbury, the new Lord Chancellor, updated	updated	VERB	the	DET	 the
", and when the 18,000 tickets available to non season ticket holders went on sale for the game, they sold within three hours. Fans made reservations for motels in Pennsylvania, New Jersey, and Connecticut so they could watch the game out of the 75 mile	mile	NOUN	blackout	NOUN	 blackout
Animation work was also handled by Japan's Toei Doga. At the time of production, the producers called it a " morality play for tots ". One of the crewmembers was Romeo Muller, writer for several Rankin / Bass television specials. Muller served as writer	writer	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
The statue was unveiled on May 30, 1889, by Frank Degan, the son of Officer Mathias Degan. On May 4, 1927, the 41st anniversary of the Haymarket affair, a streetcar jumped its tracks and crashed into the monument. The motorman said he	he	PRON	was	AUX	 was
She later warns him not to hurt Lauren and Abi any further. Cora and Stan start dating and Stan, who has terminal prostate cancer, decides he wants to commit the time he has left with her. He surprises her with a Christmas dance, but things	things	NOUN	are	AUX	 are
" Dead Putting Society " was written by Jeff Martin and directed by Rich Moore. Martin was an experienced miniature golfer and based much of the golf related scenes in the script on his own experiences. Parts of this episode are also based on the 1984 film The	The	DET	Karate	PROPN	 Karate
There were several replies to Darwin's enquiry in The Gardeners ' Chronicle seeking evidence to support his idea that pollen masses attached themselves to a convenient place on an insect's back or head, usually its proboscis, to transport the pollen to another flower. One envelope	envelope	NOUN	appeared	VERB	 appeared
This advanced prototype was canceled during early manufacture. YB 70 Planned preproduction version with improvements based on XB 70s. B 70A Planned bomber production version of Valkyrie. A fleet of up to 65 operational bombers was planned. RS 70 Proposed reconnaissance strike version with a crew	crew	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
In November 1965, the National Command issued a resolution which stated it was forbidden for the Regional Command to transfer or dismiss military officers without the consent of the National Command. After hearing of the resolution, Jadid rebelled immediately, and ordered Colonel Mustafa Tlas to arrest	arrest	VERB	the	DET	 the
On February 20, 2011, " Angry Dad: The Movie ", an episode in which Bart and Homer make a short film based on the Angry Dad internet cartoon, aired in the United States. Principal Skinner and Mrs. Krabappel take Lisa's advice and visit	visit	VERB	the	DET	 the
She had a beam of 26.7 meters (87 ft 7 in) and a draft of 8.15 meters (26 ft 9 in). She displaced 24,150 tonnes (23,770 long tons) at standard load. Her crew ranged from 1,187 to 1,224 officers and enlisted men	men	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
His return to Shakespeare for the first time since his Old Vic days was keenly anticipated, but turned out to be a serious disappointment. He had poor reviews for his Prospero in The Tempest, judged too prosaic. In the second production of the festival his Macbeth	Macbeth	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
Holmes ' play was consistent, and he was relaxed and nonchalant in the nets, leading some to describe his play as almost lazy. After his playing career, Holmes coached minor league teams. He coached the Toronto Millionaires of the Canadian Professional Hockey League (CPHL	CPHL	PROPN	)	PUNCT	)
However, Boer resistance to British rule and the resulting Anglo Zulu war caused the imperial government in London to withdraw from pursuing British sovereignty over the South African interior. Haggard considered this to be a " great betrayal " by Prime Minister Gladstone and the Liberal Party,	,	PUNCT	which	PRON	 which
" Indeed, according to the Library of Congress archive, based on data from a study by historian Charles Musser, Dickson Greeting and at least two other films made with the Kinetograph in 1891 were shot at 30 frames per second or even slower. The Kinetoscope application	application	NOUN	also	ADV	 also
Rio Branco rose to power within the province under the tutelage of Aureliano Coutinho, Viscount of Sepetiba — a veteran politician who held tremendous influence over the young and inexperienced Emperor Pedro II. He temporarily abandoned politics after Aureliano Coutinho's fall from grace and the subsequent dissolution	dissolution	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
" Vasconcellos applauded the " intuitive and responsive " touch controls and said that the " visuals are an attractive update of the original release. " He gave the game an " Editor's Choice " award. Pocket Gamer's Tracy Erickson said that the game " remains	remains	VERB	as	ADV	 as
Over 200,000 people were left homeless and an estimated 3,006 fatalities occurred. In the Bahamas, communications were disrupted and some homes were inundated by storm surge in the Abaco Islands. Similar impact was reported on Grand Bahama, with several houses and the airport being flooded.	.	PUNCT	Further	ADV	 Further
Aiello was president of the company, which was called Antonio Lombardo & Co., and Capone was said to have loaned both men $100,000 to start the enterprise. With the enactment of Prohibition and the start of bootlegging, the sugar import business brought Aiello into contact	contact	NOUN	with	ADP	 with
Positive coverage from magazines Famitsu and Beep! helped to establish a following, but Sega only managed to ship 400,000 units in the first year. In order to draw a larger audience, Sega began work on an Internet service, similar to what Nintendo had attempted with	with	ADP	the	DET	 the
John Sime of the RTS, in a memorial tribute to Reed after his death, notes that the boys in the stories are recognisably of flesh and blood, with " just that spice of wickedness... without which a boy is not a boy ". In 1876	1876	NUM	Reed	PROPN	 Reed
We doubt his right to put a single one of them into the hands of a Demon, much less to deliver them over by the dozen to the grasp of the destroyers. " The Times said, " We do not profess to understand what class of compositions	compositions	NOUN	that	PRON	 that
There exists a popular " Volcano Room ", which contains gymnastics padding, a punching bag, and soft objects, allowing children to " express their feelings in whatever form they're comfortable with ". The organization has satellite locations in Canby and Hillsboro, called The	The	DET	Dougy	PROPN	 Dougy
This led to a class action lawsuit in 1996 that settled in 2000 for $1.25 billion. The Agreement on the Swiss Banks ' Code of Conduct with Regard to the Exercise of Due Diligence was created in the 1970s, after a Credit Suisse branch in Chiasso was	was	AUX	exposed	VERB	 exposed
The general form — that of a journey into strange lands, told in a light hearted mood and interspersed with songs — may be following the model of The Icelandic Journals by William Morris, an important literary influence on Tolkien. The evolution and maturation of the protagonist	protagonist	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
After Alexa and Sebastian leave, another facehugger attaches itself to the unmasked Predator. Through translation of the pyramid's hieroglyphs, Alexa and Sebastian learn that the Predators have been visiting Earth for thousands of years. It was they who taught early human civilizations how to build	build	VERB	pyramids	NOUN	 pyramids
An uproar ensued among Manstein's supporters in Britain and in Germany. Liddell Hart lobbied in the British press, and in Germany the sentence was seen as a political decision. The sentence was reduced to 12 years in February 1950. Paget published a best selling book	book	NOUN	in	ADP	 in
Constructed circa 4000 BCE, during Britain's Early Neolithic period, today it survives only in a ruined state. Archaeologists have established that the monument was built by pastoralist communities shortly after the introduction of agriculture to Britain from continental Europe. Although representing part of an architectural	architectural	ADJ	tradition	NOUN	 tradition
Teammates Claudino Hernández and Emilio Gáez consequently contacted Chico Heron, a scout for the New York Yankees. Two weeks after his pitching debut, Rivera was invited to a Yankees tryout camp run by Heron in Panama City. Raybourn, who had returned to Panama to scout	scout	NOUN	as	ADP	 as
In a letter to Sir John Anderson, asking Parliament for the private Lottery Act to sell off the Shakespeare Gallery, Boydell stated that it was " sufficient to say, that the whole course of that commerce [print trade] is changed ". The Times wrote	wrote	VERB	on	ADP	 on
He failed to report for filming on Marie Galante in June 1934, and was found in his hotel room, virtually unconscious after a two week binge. Tracy was removed from the Fox payroll while he recovered in a hospital, and then sued for $125,000 for	for	ADP	delaying	VERB	 delaying
5). During Takemitsu's years as a member of the Jikken Kōbō, he experimented with compositions of musique concrète (and a very limited amount of electronic music, the most notable example being Stanza II for harp and tape written later in 1972). In	In	ADP	Water	PROPN	 Water
Of the 2,100 vehicles on M 186, only 140 trucks travelled the highway each day on average. In the 1930s, M 186 was designated on a 4.3 mile (6.9 km) connector route in the Upper Peninsula of Michigan between US 2 / US 41 at	at	ADP	Rapid	PROPN	 Rapid
Typical of contemporary court diaries written to honor patrons, Murasaki devotes half to the birth of Shōshi's son Emperor Go Ichijō, an event of enormous importance to Michinaga: he had planned for it with his daughter's marriage which made him grandfather and de facto regent	regent	ADJ	to	ADP	 to
His active service ended with his appointment as High Commissioner to India in November 1943. Iven Giffard Mackay was born in Grafton, New South Wales, on 7 April 1882. The eldest of three children, he was the only son of the Reverend Isaac Mackay,	,	PUNCT	a	DET	 a
The recording was co produced by Phil Spector and features contributions from Leon Russell, Jim Horn, Ringo Starr and Jim Keltner. The Los Angeles session for the song marked the start of two enduring musical associations in Harrison's solo career, with Keltner and Horn.	.	PUNCT	Backed	VERB	 Backed
The FEG's were formed to manage the operations of the separate sections of the RAN in a more efficient way. The modern RAN began to form during the late 1970s when the Fraser Government announced the purchase of four Oliver Hazard Perry class frigates, all to be	be	AUX	built	VERB	 built
Peribit and Redline were incorporated into a new application products group and their technology was integrated into Juniper's infranet framework. Afterwards, Juniper did not make any additional acquisitions until 2010. From 2010 to September 2011, Juniper made six acquisitions and invested in eight companies.	.	PUNCT	Often	ADV	 Often
That's the take of all clear thinking people. ” Near the end of the season, the Pac 10 Conference named its award winners. Reggie Bush was named as the conference player of the year and Pete Carroll was named as the conference coach of the year	year	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
On 16 December 1991, the 215th Forward Support Battalion was activated at Fort Hood bringing the number of active duty forward support battalions to three. On 8 July 1996, the 615th Support Battalion (Aviation) was provisionally organized. The battalion was formally activated on 17	17	NUM	September	PROPN	 September
Different from typical Requiem settings, the full sequence Dies irae is omitted, replaced by its section Pie Jesu. The final movement In Paradisum is based on a text that is not part of the liturgy of the funeral mass but of the burial. Fauré wrote of	of	ADP	the	DET	 the
One parody series, drawn by animator Max Gilardi in the style of John Kricfalusi, places the characters in explicit adult situations and was described by the web site io9 as " disgusting... and most certainly NSFW ". A segment on the The Howard Stern Show in	in	ADP	July	PROPN	 July
The fossa (Cryptoprocta ferox) could present a potential risk if it found an individual lower in the forest canopy, but no confirmation has been presented to indicate that they prey upon ruffed lemurs. Instead, only re introduced, captive bred ruffed lemurs have been killed	killed	VERB	by	ADP	 by
In CinemaScore polls, cinema audiences gave Inside Out an average score of " A " on an A + to F scale. Prior to its release, there was concern among the general public that Pixar films were declining in quality, with an over reliance on sequels	sequels	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
Abi then gives a statement to the police. Max is later found guilty of the murder. Ben and Abi continue their relationship, but Ben is still secretly seeing Paul. Babe Smith (Annette Badland) offers Abi work in the pub kitchen, and Abi tells	tells	VERB	Babe	PROPN	 Babe
Phelim O'Neill, reviewing the release for The Guardian, described the boxset as " very lendable ", suggesting that it would help Inside No. 9 reach a wider audience. South African newspapers The Sunday Times and The Star both published positive reviews of the DVD,	,	PUNCT	with	ADP	 with
It extends for 35.23 miles (56.70 km) from an intersection with NY 104 and NY 104A south of the Wayne County village of Red Creek to a junction with U.S. Route 11 (US 11) in the Onondaga County city of Syracuse. The western and central	central	ADJ	portions	NOUN	 portions
The versions for high end handsets were completed in April 2007, with final versions for low end handsets completed by June 2007. The porting team adapted the game to over 200 handsets in a matter of weeks. Cohen stated that one challenge was capturing the feel of	of	ADP	God	PROPN	 God
Wegman admits that he sabotaged the UFO, but maintains that he only tried to merely disable the stealth module so that Mulder could see it. Wegman gives Fletcher, who he thinks is Mulder, the proof of the encounter, a flight data recorder in a paper	paper	NOUN	bag	NOUN	 bag
In a letter to the South African Prime Minister Jan Smuts, the Company Administrator Sir Francis Drummond Chaplin cited anti Afrikaner sentiments, particularly amongst women, as a major factor in the result. Before 1923, Coghlan had opposed the amalgamation of Northern and Southern Rhodesia,	,	PUNCT	concerned	VERB	 concerned
" The Chicago Tribune's Michael Wilmington thought the film grabs the attention, but felt it does not reward it. The New York Post's Lou Lumenick panned the film, describing it as a " mind numbing, would be comic book franchise, which often seems	seems	VERB	as	ADV	 as
About 1.3 km (0.81 mi) northwest of Flat Holm are two very small islands collectively known as The Wolves, measuring approximately 25 m (82 ft) by 20 m (66 ft). The tidal range in the Bristol Channel is 15 m (49	49	NUM	ft	PROPN	 ft
But the feared attacks on Europeans did not materialize and so the East Asia Squadron was not needed. By late November, Scharnhorst was back in service and Krosigk returned to the ship. She cruised to Shanghai by way of Tientsin and Yantai, arriving on 12 December	December	PROPN	.	PUNCT	.
The creek then turns south for several tenths of a mile, briefly entering Hollenback Township before turning north and flowing alongside Hess Mountain as it reenters Conyngham Township. Its valley broadens and it flows west southwest for a few miles, receiving the tributary Pond Creek and crossing	crossing	VERB	Pennsylvania	PROPN	 Pennsylvania
The East End Historic District, located on both sides of Broadway and Market Streets, contains 463 buildings. Other historic districts include Cedar Lawn, Denver Court and Fort Travis. The Strand National Historic Landmark District is a National Historic Landmark District of mainly Victorian era buildings	buildings	NOUN	that	PRON	 that
Sporadic incidents of stone pelting at municipal and private buses were reported in the reat of Maharashtra following the arrest of MNS chief Raj Thackeray in Ratnagiri. In Kothrud area, some alleged MNS activists damaged a company's bus that was taking its employees to workplace. Few	Few	ADJ	Pune	PROPN	 Pune
" It was a controversial move, one that divided opinion among analysts and fans, also bringing the fourth tier club to national attention. He later admitted he merely played " a psychological game with them... [and] I don't think they fell for it	it	PRON	–	PUNCT	 –
The same day, defensive coordinator Mel Tucker, DeCamillis, tight ends coach Andy Bischoff, linebackers coach Reggie Herring and assistant special teams coach Dwayne Stukes were all officially released. To replace Cavanaugh and Herring, respectively, the Browns ' Dowell Loggains and Atlanta Falcons '	'	PART	Glenn	PROPN	 Glenn
In 1989, Grinsell published an autobiography; reviewing it for the Folklore journal, the historian Hilda Ellis Davidson praised it but noted that it does not " tell us very much about the inner life of the author ". According to the archaeologist Paul Ashbee, Grinsell	Grinsell	PROPN	's	PART	's
" After Iro is chased away, Ulisse enters disguised as a beggar, and assures Eumete that his master the king is alive, and will return. Eumete is overjoyed: " My long sorrow will fall, vanquished by you. " Minerva and Telemaco return to	to	ADP	Ithaca	PROPN	 Ithaca
Important agricultural products include potatoes and cattle byproducts, including meat. In 1994, Belarus's main exports included heavy machinery (especially tractors), agricultural products, and energy products. Historically, textiles and wood processing have constituted a large part of industrial activity. At	At	ADP	the	DET	 the
George Kastrioti Skanderbeg was the ruler of Albania (Latin: dominus Albaniae) who had been leading a rebellion against the Ottoman Empire since 1443 and allied himself with several Western European monarchs in order to consolidate his domains. In 1458, Alfonso V of Aragon, ruler	ruler	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
There are three other active telescopes located at the observatory; the Mark II, as well as 42 ft (13 m) and 7 m diameter radio telescopes. Jodrell Bank Observatory is also the base of the Multi Element Radio Linked Interferometer Network (MERLIN),	,	PUNCT	a	DET	 a
" In the United Kingdom, Time Out magazine wrote, " Zodiac isn't a puzzle film in quite that way; instead its subject is the compulsion to solve puzzles, and its coup is the creeping recognition, quite contrary to the flow of crime cinema,	,	PUNCT	of	ADP	 of
MAX Stations (west to east) are the Hatfield Government Center, Hillsboro Central TC, Tuality Hospital, Washington / Southeast 12th Avenue, Fair Complex / Hillsboro Airport, Hawthorn Farm, Orenco, Quatama, and Willow Creek TC. Located next to the Tuality Hospital	Hospital	PROPN	station	NOUN	 station
[A] Centrum Sztuki i Techniki Japońskiej “ Manggha ” (Kraków), November – December 2002. “ Persona ”. [A] The Third Gallery Aya (Osaka), October 2003. “ Persona ”. [A] Domon Ken Photography Museum (	(	PUNCT	Sakata	PROPN	Sakata
1. According to his manager Johnny Marines, the contract was worth US $10,000,000. Santos felt that the record was a continuation of his career rather than a new beginning. Formula, Vol. 1 contains fifteen tracks, most of which were written by Romeo	Romeo	PROPN	Santos	PROPN	 Santos
In the summer of 1328 Hungarian and Bohemian troops invaded Austria and routed the Austrian army on the banks of the Leitha River. On 21 September 1328, Charles signed a peace treaty with the three dukes of Austria (Frederick the Fair, Albert the Lame, and	and	CCONJ	Otto	PROPN	 Otto
He confronts Hawke with the blue eyed soul style " It's Time "; the song refers to the name of former Prime Minister Gough Whitlam's famous 1970s campaign and uses Keating's fondness for collecting antique clocks as a motif for his belief that it is indeed	indeed	ADV	time	NOUN	 time
Before the show, Madonna expressed concern about the physical and time constraints of the event. " I have eight minutes to set up my stage, 12 minutes to put on the greatest show on Earth, and I have seven minutes to take it down. So	So	ADV	,	PUNCT	,
Known in the vernacular as the scaley stalked puffball, sandy stiltball, or desert stalked puffball, it has a woody, slender, and shaggy or scaly stem that is typically up to 40 centimeters (15.7 in) in length. Although its general appearance resembles an	an	DET	agaric	NOUN	 agaric
" The AMA code of ethics declared it unethical for a medical physician to voluntarily associate with an osteopath. One notable advocate for the fledgling movement was Mark Twain. Manipulative treatments had purportedly alleviated the symptoms of his daughter Jean's epilepsy as well as Twain's own	own	ADJ	chronic	ADJ	 chronic
Ezra Meeker was in San Francisco, peddling his wares, when his wife died — it took three days to locate him, after which he journeyed north for the funeral before returning to his work. On New Year's Day 1910, Meeker and his wagon and	and	CCONJ	team	NOUN	 team
The inn was first licensed in 1844 and was at first successful. In only a few decades its fortunes declined when a rail line was built from Launceston, reaching nearby Carrick in 1869. The economy of rail transport took goods and passengers away, forcing wagons from	from	ADP	the	DET	 the
From his London years, Forster was in contact with Sir Joseph Banks, the initiator of the Bounty expedition and a participant in Cook's first journey. While at the University of Vilnius he wrote the article " Neuholland und die brittische Colonie in Botany Bay ",	,	PUNCT	published	VERB	 published
The Malvern Hills AONB also provides grants via such mechanisms as the Sustainable Development Fund. The MSA was originally founded by the Spa Water Strategy Working Group, comprising Malvern town councillors and artist Rose Garrard. Its patrons are Lord and Lady Sandys, after whose family a	a	DET	spout	NOUN	 spout
It is Clarkson's fifth country chart entry, and Gill's biggest country hit since " The Reason Why " in 2006. The song's first live performance was on the 46th Annual Country Music Association Awards on November 1, 2012. The song's accompanying music	music	NOUN	video	NOUN	 video
While Weezer was on tour in Europe later that month, Sharp returned to America because of a family emergency, leaving the band stranded in Hamburg for a week. Cuomo rented a recording studio and recorded additional demos, including a version of " Blast Off! "	"	PUNCT	using	VERB	 using
Melinda Newman of HitFix wrote, " It's a finger popping, bell ringing pleaser that could achieve that rare feat of becoming a new Christmas standard. That hasn't happened since Carey's " All I Want For Christmas " in 1994; " while The Independent	Independent	PROPN	's	PART	's
He became the seventh rookie to start a game for the 2007 New York Yankees, following Hughes, DeSalvo, Rasner, Wright, Kei Igawa and Jeff Karstens. Making his MLB debut on May 20, 2007, in an interleague game against the New York Mets	Mets	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
Szabó is the most internationally famous Hungarian filmmaker since the late 1960s. Working in the tradition of European auteurism, he has made films that represent many of the political and psychological conflicts of Central Europe ’ s recent history, as well as of his own personal history	history	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
It resembles the game Amoeba, with its constantly changing board. A collection of essays about his writings is compiled in the book Terry Pratchett: Guilty of Literature, edited by Andrew M. Butler, Edward James and Farah Mendlesohn, published by Science Fiction Foundation in 2000	2000	NUM	(	PUNCT	 (
After the airport, the highway runs inland from the shoreline through the neighborhood of Tumon. It runs northeasterly around the Micronesia Mall before turning southeasterly through residential areas as it cuts across the southern edges of Dededo. It runs to the south of the Guam International Country	Country	PROPN	Club	PROPN	 Club
Whether houses were structurally sound or not, it was deemed safer to occupy these dugouts. People did their best to make them comfortable, with rugs, furniture, and pictures. They tried to time their movements and foraging with the rhythm of the cannonade, sometimes	sometimes	ADV	unsuccessfully	ADV	 unsuccessfully
It is a systematic collection of data based on observation of the patient's behavior while the patient is in the clinician's view during the interview. The purpose is to obtain evidence of symptoms and signs of mental disorders, including danger to self and others, that	that	PRON	are	AUX	 are
Two weekday midday trips were added in May 2013, while weekend service began on June 1, 2013, after the application for additional bridge closings was approved by the state Department of Energy and Environmental Protection. By July, New London represented 26% of weekend ridership	ridership	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
These findings strengthened Flood's suspicions that human wrongdoing rather than natural disaster lay behind the mystery. On January 22, 1873, he sent the reports to the Board of Trade in London, adding his own conclusion that the crew had got at the alcohol (he	he	PRON	ignored	VERB	 ignored
The Sarakraf Pavilion houses a workshop which demonstrates a wide range of craft making skills. Well known handicrafts in Sarawak include Orang Ulu beadwork, Iban Pua Kumbu, Bidayuh Kesah mats and Tambok baskets, Malay Kain Songket, ethnic headgear, and Chinese pottery. Sarawak Artists	Artists	PROPN	Society	PROPN	 Society
It denounced the systematic hostility of the regime toward the church. In response, Goebbels renewed the regime's crackdown and propaganda against Catholics. His speech of 28 May in Berlin in front of 20,000 party members, which was also broadcast on the radio, attacked the	the	DET	Catholic	ADJ	 Catholic
" When Bevin told the media he would have an announcement at his campaign headquarters on April 28, speculation raged that he would drop out of the race. Instead, Bevin announced that he would release his jobs plan later in the week and chided the local media	media	NOUN	for	ADP	 for
The ship had two sets of Brown Curtis direct drive steam turbines, each of which drove two propeller shafts. The turbines were designed to produce a total of 40,000 shaft horsepower (30,000 kW), using steam provided by 24 Miyahara type water tube boilers, each	each	PRON	of	ADP	 of
GameSpot found the characters, up to their dialogue and traits, amusing and full of humor. IGN also noted that the Active Time Event system helps to expand the player's understanding of the characters ' personalities as they question many ideas and emotions. Their semi deformed	deformed	VERB	appearance	NOUN	 appearance
The inevitable commercial crisis struck in 1826 – 27, after the Panic of 1825. Tea prices plummeted and the China trade's volume collapsed by about a third. By this time, the old maritime fur trade on the Northwest Coast and the Old China Trade itself	itself	PRON	were	AUX	 were
General Officer Commanding British Forces in Palestine and Trans Jordan Robert Haining wrote in late 1938 that " unnecessary violence, vindictiveness..., [and] killing in cold blood " had to be curbed. O'Connor was likewise opposed to the measures in the north, and wrote	wrote	VERB	"	PUNCT	 "
The ship's doctor and nurse attended to the sailor but were unable to save him. President Arthur sailed on her last transatlantic voyage from Bremen on 18 October 1923, carrying 656 passengers to New York. Anchoring off Gravesend Bay on 30 October, President Arthur was	was	AUX	one	NUM	 one
Percy and Annabeth then manage to escape Circe's island by stealing Blackbeard's ship, the Queen Anne's Revenge. Percy and Annabeth reach Polyphemus ' island, where they are reunited with Tyson and Clarisse, who survived the shipwreck. They rescue Grover and find the	the	DET	Golden	PROPN	 Golden
He said he wanted to " capture the feeling of the Batman: Arkham Asylum game... When I played that game, it was the first time in my life where I actually felt what it is like to be Batman... We are now the heroes, and	and	CCONJ	we	PRON	 we
… More challenging is the work of the textual analysis and narrative rehabilitation that discerns and redirects hidden lessons and moral meanings. The censors thus expanded their jurisdiction from what was seen to what was implied in the spectator's mind. In The Office Wife (1930)	)	PUNCT	,	PUNCT	,
Thanjavur comes under the Thanjavur State Assembly Constituency and it elects a member to the Tamil Nadu Legislative Assembly once every five years. From the 1977 elections, the assembly seat was won by Dravida Munnetra Kazhagam (DMK) six times during the 1977, 1980, 1989	1989	NUM	,	PUNCT	,
Super Monkey Ball was commercially successful upon release and remained one of Sega's best selling titles in the United States through much of 2002, with total sales of the game and its immediate sequel estimated at over one million units. While it sold well in all major	major	ADJ	territories	NOUN	 territories
" Foster ended his review by insulting Wright's intellect, " What really needs some psychological excavation is Ronald Wright's mind, which carries a set of inflated, emotionally based moralistic assumptions derived from the structure of his primitive ignorance about markets and economics. " Other	Other	ADJ	reviews	NOUN	 reviews
The churchwarden and village constable patrolled the village and anyone disregarding the sanctity of the sabbath would be bound in them. Outside the village centre, the Georgian Rivington Hall, the adjacent Hall Barn and Great House Barn, which is possibly a tithe barn, are all	all	PRON	listed	VERB	 listed
It was alleged that Foster was upset with Hilson playing the love interest in the video, and, according to a person on the set, " Tameka dressed Keri very badly – she looked like an extra. " However, Usher's manager, Benny Medina,	,	PUNCT	reported	VERB	 reported
It was successfully opposed by MP John Dunning, who called the appeal of murder " that great pillar of the Constitution ". Writer and MP Edmund Burke, on the other hand, supported the abolition, calling the appeal and wager " superstitious and barbarous to the	the	DET	last	ADJ	 last
In 2009, ADOT calculated that around 4,500 vehicles used the road daily near the SR 84 intersection and about 33,000 vehicles used the route near the I 10 interchange on an average day. No part of the highway has been listed in the National Highway System, a	a	DET	system	NOUN	 system
Robert Heaton Rhodes offered a requisition to Brittan to make himself available for the by election that would result from FitzGerald's resignation from Parliament in the Lyttelton electorate, but Brittan replied that he could not absent himself from his private affairs as yet; Parliament at that time	time	NOUN	met	VERB	 met
The chemistry of lithium shows several differences from that of the rest of the group as the small Li + cation polarises anions and gives its compounds a more covalent character. Lithium and magnesium have a diagonal relationship due to their similar atomic radii, so that they show	show	VERB	some	DET	 some
This cannon was of relatively long barrel and light construction, and fired solid round shot projectiles at long ranges along a flat trajectory. One of the first ships to be able to fire a full cannon broadside was the English carrack the Mary Rose, built in Portsmouth	Portsmouth	PROPN	from	ADP	 from
In the meantime, his wife had moved to Somerset. In 1940, she gave birth to a son, Euan, who had many medical problems, and in 1943 she bore a third daughter, Iona. The pressure of running the household and caring for Euan	Euan	PROPN	led	VERB	 led
These helicopters improved capabilities over Laos and North Vietnam, since they were faster, could hover at altitudes up to 6,500 ft pressure altitude and were armed with three GAU 28 / A 7.62 mm miniguns. Because of their larger size, HH 53s also carried a second	second	ADJ	pararescue	NOUN	 pararescue
The unification of light and electrical phenomena led to the prediction of the existence of radio waves. Maxwell helped develop the Maxwell – Boltzmann distribution, a statistical means of describing aspects of the kinetic theory of gases. He is also known for presenting the first durable colour	colour	NOUN	photograph	NOUN	 photograph
As the text came from several different traditions, different parts of the codex are not of equal textual value. The text has been edited several times since the 18th century. The codex is in quarto, and now consists of 773 vellum folios (630 in the	the	DET	Old	PROPN	 Old
While playing for the Rimouski Océanic of the QMJHL, Crosby attended and graduated in 2005 from Harrison Trimble High School, in Moncton, New Brunswick. Early in his minor hockey years, Crosby began attracting media attention for his play and gave his first newspaper interview at	at	ADP	age	NOUN	 age
The main spillway, part of the eastern end of the dam, is a 861 ft (262 m) long Ogee type and utilizes twenty one 25 ft (7.6 m) tall and 36 ft (11 m) wide tainter gates that are operated by two	two	NUM	60	NUM	 60
Distinct tourmarchai are attested for Sicily proper and Calabria. The Theme of Cephallenia (θέμα Κεφαλληνίας, thema Kephallēnias), controlling the Ionian Islands, was established in the mid- to late 8th century, to protect imperial communications with Italy and defend the Ionian Sea from Arab	Arab	ADJ	raids	NOUN	 raids
Only four faculty including Tamesis and silviculture professor Teodoro C. Delizo, along with five students returned upon the resumption of classes. Classes were held under trees until its buildings could be reconstructed through the help of war reparation funds worth ₱ 59,300 (US $1,380).	.	PUNCT	The	DET	 The
In his doctoral thesis, Ehlers pointed out a duality symmetry between different components of the metric of a stationary vacuum spacetime, which maps solutions of Einstein's field equations to other solutions. This symmetry between the tt component of the metric, which describes time as measured	measured	VERB	by	ADP	 by
Other episodes which he said supported this view included " The Cage " and " What Are Little Girls Made Of? ". Geraghty also pointed out that elsewhere in The Original Series, the predominant view was that alien predators such as the salt vampire were a lower	lower	ADJ	life	NOUN	 life
Di Luca's aggressive descent of Prà Martino gave him a gap over the elite group of riders who had been able to hold his wheel to that point, and the stage win. The day saw a big winner in time gains and a big loser: Lance	Lance	PROPN	Armstrong	PROPN	 Armstrong
The steep sided, symmetrical stratovolcanoes in the region were built by repeated eruptions of thick, slow moving lava that have commonly flowed only a few kilometres from the vent. Explosive eruptions are often associated with these volcanoes, depositing alternating layers of volcanic ash, cinders,	,	PUNCT	blocks	NOUN	 blocks
Through his mother, Pedro was a nephew of Napoleon Bonaparte and first cousin of Emperors Napoleon II of France, Franz Joseph I of Austria Hungary and Don Maximiliano I of Mexico. The only legitimate male child of Pedro I to survive infancy, he was officially recognized	recognized	VERB	as	ADP	 as
The two female protagonists in " Never Marry a Mexican " and " Eyes of Zapata " use their bodies in attempts to gain recognition and acceptance from husband and lover. However, in doing so, they face the problems of objectification and oppression; two issues which	which	PRON	end	VERB	 end
I continued to refuse, but after the ex emperor had sent two more letters insisting on my presence, I hastily wrote down the following two poems and took them with me. " The first waka was critical of Go Toba but otherwise fairly innocuous, but the	the	DET	second	ADJ	 second
Anne's resentment grew worse when William refused to allow Prince George to serve in the military in an active capacity. The new king and queen feared that Anne's financial independence would weaken their influence over her and allow her to set up a rival political faction.	.	PUNCT	From	ADP	 From
Nature has reclaimed the right of way; the fan house, unused since the 1940s and severely damaged by the elements, was demolished in early 2007; and the eastern bore, located on private property, has been almost completely sealed with earth. The western half	half	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
The game takes place on the planet Cybertron, prior to the Transformers arrival on Earth. The Autobots and Decepticons are engaged in a civil war. The game can be played starting from either faction's perspective, but begins chronologically with the Decepticon campaign. The game	game	NOUN	revolves	VERB	 revolves
Though first attempted in the 1920s, it was not until the advent of computer simulation in the 1950s that numerical weather predictions produced realistic results. A number of global and regional forecast models are run in different countries worldwide, using current weather observations relayed from radiosondes,	,	PUNCT	weather	NOUN	 weather
Players can also trade in game items with others through the Nintendo DS's tag mode feature, in which the Nintendo DS system communicates wirelessly with other Nintendo DS systems running the same game while in sleep mode. Professor Layton's London Life is based on another Level	Level	PROPN	5	NUM	 5
Sundström designed the soundscape to come as close to the actors as possible, with audible heartbeats, breathing, and swallowing. Late in production it was also decided to overdub actress Lina Leandersson's voice with a less feminine one, to underline the backstory. " She	She	PRON	's	AUX	's
Brittany's relationship with Artie continues to develop; in " Never Been Kissed ", he gets her to go out with him again. As of " Furt ", they are officially dating. In " Sexy ", following her performance of " Landslide " with	with	ADP	Santana	PROPN	 Santana
It is the only song on x that refers to that particular relationship, while the rest was about " moving on and the [...] experiences [Sheeran] had since then ". According to Sheeran, the song " is a good way to end both	both	CCONJ	that	DET	 that
In 1999, when Taylor became eligible for the Pro Football Hall of Fame, there were some concerns that his hard partying lifestyle and drug abuse would hurt his candidacy. These concerns proved to be ill founded, however, as he was voted in on the first	first	ADJ	ballot	NOUN	 ballot
John DiMaggio, who later go on to voice Leadfoot in Dark of the Moon, voices Sideways and Maj. Lennox. Transformers: Revenge of the Fallen received mixed reviews from critics, with the Xbox 360 version of the game holding a 63.46% at GameRankings and	and	CCONJ	61	NUM	 61
Pelinka was formerly Kevin Durant's agent and has been involved in controversy as Carlos Boozer's agent. Pelinka played basketball for Lake Forest High School, earning All American honors. As a junior, he led Lake Forest High School to its first conference championship. Entering	Entering	VERB	his	PRON	 his
Churchill, who had previously been a lover of Charles II ’ s mistress, Barbara Palmer, Duchess of Cleveland, had little to offer financially, as his estates were deeply in debt. Sarah had a rival for Churchill in Catherine Sedley, a wealthy mistress of	of	ADP	James	PROPN	 James
After trimming 15 minutes, it was released in theaters at 132 minutes. It was first released on VHS and Betamax from MCA Videocassette Inc. in 1983. A Laserdisc from MCA Videodisc was released the same year. It was re released on VHS, Laserdisc, and	and	CCONJ	Betamax	PROPN	 Betamax
He also praised the prison experiment subplot, writing that it " introduced a who's who of recognizable guest stars, all of whom could clearly rerun on a show that loves to build a large cast of periphery characters. " Price Peterson, writing for TV.com,	,	PUNCT	gave	VERB	 gave
Anarky became a recurring character in issues of Red Robin, authored by Nicieza, until the series was cancelled in 2011 in the aftermath of The New 52. A new Anarky was introduced into the New 52 continuity in October 2013, in an issue of Green Lantern	Lantern	PROPN	Corps	PROPN	 Corps
From 1994 to 1995, Rod Davis and John Lowe recorded an album with studio musicians. This album, Open for Engagements, was released in 1995 under the Quarrymen name. The surviving members of the original line up of the Quarrymen reunited in 1997 for the 40th	40th	ADJ	anniversary	NOUN	 anniversary
" A 2010 GameSpot poll ranked Kerrigan as the number one video game villain. At the 2010 Spike Video Game Awards, Tricia Helfer won " Best Performance by a Human Female " for her voicing of Kerrigan in StarCraft II: Wings of Liberty. In 2012,	,	PUNCT	she	PRON	 she
" Hugh McIntyre from Forbes commended Madonna's decision to partner with Snapchat for the video release, because he considered it to be a profit for both parties. For Madonna it would enable her to connect with the younger audience, while for Snapchat, release of a	a	DET	new	ADJ	 new
322 323, Swenson translation Kierkegaard has this seducer speak again in Stages on Life's Way where he explores some of the possibilities and then once more where he tries to explain that misunderstanding can be the root of the unity of the tragic and the comic. "	"	PUNCT	Anyone	PRON	 Anyone
In June 1961 Field and his wife then established the first Folkestone International Folklore Festival as a biannual celebration of folk customs; it continued for 28 years. Since the end of the Second World War, the hooden horse's use has been revived in Whitstable, where	where	SCONJ	it	PRON	 it
Unlike Israeli aircraft, the new aircraft were equipped with TISEO targeting equipment, allowing them to launch the AGM 65 Maverick, another component of the American airlift. 69 Squadron was therefore entrusted with the introduction of the Maverick into Israeli service. No training flights were flown	flown	VERB	,	PUNCT	,
Here they are stopped by police, who fail to recognize the General. They ask for his passport, but he is unable to produce one. Eventually, the police discover his identity and escort him into the port. The people still believe him to be the	the	DET	President	PROPN	 President
Ho had done this to eliminate other nationalist rivals. The VNQDD would later be on the receiving end of another of Ho's manoeuvres. Financial problems compounded the VNQDD's difficulties. Money was needed to set up a commercial enterprise, a cover for the revolutionaries to	to	PART	meet	VERB	 meet
After violating Batman's code against extreme violence, she was stripped of the mantle and returned to her alias of Huntress. After Cassandra Cain abandoned the role a mystery character appeared as the new Batgirl in the Birds of Prey comic. Possessing superpowers, the teen claimed	claimed	VERB	the	DET	 the
(Stuck behind Robin Thicke's Blurred Lines for the entire duration.) This peak allowed " We Can't Stop " to tie with " Party in the U.S.A. " as Cyrus ' highest peaking single in the country at the time. As of December 2014,	,	PUNCT	the	DET	 the
Both warships were under way and en route to attack the Japanese amphibious force that had invaded Malaya when they were caught by Japanese land based bombers and torpedo bombers on December 10, 1941. At many of the early crucial battles of the Pacific, for instance Coral	Coral	PROPN	Sea	PROPN	 Sea
The corporation's director John Reith stated that " if the public wants to listen to Formby singing his disgusting little ditty, they'll have to be content to hear it in the cinemas, not over the nation's airwaves "; Formby and Beryl were furious with	with	ADP	the	DET	 the
Flynn's Arcade was re opened at that location, with several Space Paranoids arcade machines and a variety of ' 80s video games. A full size light cycle from the new film was on display. A ninth viral site, homeoftron.com, was found. It portrays	portrays	VERB	some	PRON	 some
It was noted that only an announcement had been made by press communiqué, but the government had not proceeded to confer the award by publishing the name in the Gazette and entering the name in the register. Furthermore, the then presidents, R. Venkataraman (1987 –	–	PUNCT	92	NUM	 92
The club's least successful coach was Søren Lerby, who won less than a third of his matches in charge and presided over the club's near relegation in the 1991 – 92 campaign. The present manager, since July 2013, is Pep Guardiola, Barcelona's	's	PART	former	ADJ	 former
List believed that human beings had an immortal soul, and that it would be reincarnated according to the laws of karma until eventually uniting with divinity. In the 1890s, List initially devised the idea that ancient German society had been led by a hierarchical system of initiates	initiates	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
30 second TV spots were aired in national syndication, cable and local avails for four weeks before the show's premiere instead of the usual seven days. The historical context of Carnivàle was deliberately emphasized in the show's print art, which depicted the 17 member cast	cast	NOUN	surrounding	VERB	 surrounding
He returned to the Lancaster on 5 June to drop " Window " as a part of the Allies ' diversions ahead of the D Day landings the following day, prior to again flying Mosquitos against V weapon sites and in support of the Normandy invasion forces. Though	Though	SCONJ	"	PUNCT	 "
Nonetheless, the decision afforded Croatia much needed time to prepare for war, as Yugoslav Navy Fleet Admiral Branko Mamula later acknowledged. The incident shocked the Croatian public, causing a massive shift in public opinion towards demonization of Serbs, supported by the Croatian media. Serbs	Serbs	NOUN	were	AUX	 were
" There weren't many bands where the two guitars played rhythm and melody back and forth, like a jigsaw puzzle ", Lloyd said. Most of the solos on Marquee Moon followed a pattern wherein Verlaine ran up a major scale but regressed slightly after each step	step	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
In June 1942, Mutsu and Nagato were assigned to the Main Body of the 1st Fleet during the Battle of Midway, together with Yamato, Hōshō, the light cruiser Sendai and nine destroyers. Following the loss of all four fleet carriers of the " Kido Butai	Butai	PROPN	"	PUNCT	 "
During the era of the Middle Kingdom, Egyptians based their calendar on the heliacal rising of Sirius, namely the day it becomes visible just before sunrise after moving far enough away from the glare of the Sun. This occurred just before the annual flooding of the Nile	Nile	PROPN	and	CCONJ	 and
Oryzomys couesi is active during the night and builds nests of vegetation that are suspended among reeds about 1 m (3.3 ft) above the ground. It is an excellent swimmer and dives well, but can also climb in vegetation. An omnivore, it eats both	both	PRON	plant	NOUN	 plant
The 12th Cavalry was ordered to follow the 2nd Squadron, 7th Cavalry in its advance to the north, and to capture the Salami Plantation. The road to Salami was little more than a muddy track in which vehicles soon became bogged. The Japanese also obstructed the	the	DET	route	NOUN	 route
He stated that the character of Rose helped secure the return of the show by allowing " an audience who would not naturally have watched Doctor Who " to become invested in the show. Moffat suggested that during the first two years of the revival Doctor Who " was	was	AUX	Billie	PROPN	 Billie
Irwin urged people to take part in considerate tourism and not support illegal poaching through the purchase of items such as turtle shells or shark fin soup. Sir David Attenborough was an inspiration to Irwin, according to his widow. When presenting a Lifetime Achievement Award to Attenborough	Attenborough	NOUN	after	ADP	 after
" The episode's title was borrowed by a 2004 independent film about a man who tries to escape an office building. The film's official website listed the webmaster's e mail alias as " rodserling ". The Pixar movie WALL E (2008), which	which	PRON	takes	VERB	 takes
While two orchestras played onstage, the liberated townspeople toasted the Americans, and Chappuis danced with the Ugolinis ' daughters. When Chappuis returned to the United States, he stayed in touch with the Ugolinis and sent them weekly food packages. Chappuis also stayed in touch with	with	ADP	Comucci	PROPN	 Comucci
On October 24, 2010, Aguilera was invited to the Justin Timberlake & Friends benefit show at Las Vegas. There, she performed " Beautiful ", " Fighter " and " Ain't No Other Man ". At the show beginning, Timberlake declared that Aguilera	Aguilera	PROPN	is	AUX	 is
In February 1954 the United States Attorney for the District of Maine filed a 27 page complaint seeking a permanent injunction under Sections 301 and 302 of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act to prevent interstate shipment of orgone accumulators and to ban promotional literature. Reich	Reich	PROPN	refused	VERB	 refused
Dutt then defeated Lethal in a bout at Victory Road. Lethal won a rematch in a Black Tie Brawl and Chain match at Hard Justice over Dutt. Leading up to No Surrender, Dutt attacked Lethal after he was defeated by Sheik Abdul Bashir on the August 14	14	NUM	episode	NOUN	 episode
In his first full MLB season, Gilligan played for the Cleveland Blues. After his first game with the Blues, the Cleveland Leader stated " Gilligan caught exceedingly well taking some fine pickups. " Over 52 games played, Gilligan batted a career low.171 with 11 RBI	RBI	NOUN	and	CCONJ	 and
Whithouse was asked to set it " anywhere in the world " that was romantic, and he chose Venice, which he called " one of my favourite places in the world ". Whithouse believed that the vampires fit into the setting. Whithouse had a positive experience	experience	NOUN	writing	VERB	 writing
The third season spent much of its time alternating between the prime and parallel universes, and " Entrada " was the first episode of the season to have time divided between both. This was reflected in the opening credits, which were red and blue in a season	season	NOUN	that	PRON	 that
No changes were made to the wings other than the elimination of the air intakes for the oil cooler and the bending of the front wing spar into an inverted U shape to clear the engine. The vertical stabilizer was slightly enlarged, but the tail plane was unmodified	unmodified	ADJ	.	PUNCT	.
Cooper's only film appearance in 1942 was also his last under his Goldwyn contract. In Sam Wood's biographical film The Pride of the Yankees, Cooper portrays baseball star Lou Gehrig who established a record with the New York Yankees for playing in 2,130 consecutive games.	.	PUNCT	Cooper	PROPN	 Cooper
The Cross in the Mountains, today known as the Tetschen Altar (Galerie Neue Meister, Dresden), is an altarpiece panel commissioned by the Countess of Thun for her family's chapel in Tetschen, Bohemia. It was to be one of the few commissions the	the	DET	artist	NOUN	 artist
This also showed in the subject matter on the album, in songs such as " Got to Give It Up ". Celtic influences remained, however, particularly in the album closer " Róisín Dubh ", a seven minute medley of traditional Irish songs given a twin	twin	ADJ	guitar	NOUN	 guitar
Typhoon Paka continued to steadily intensify after passing the Marianas Islands, and late on December 17 it reached its peak intensity of 185 km / h (115 mph 10 min sustained) while located 440 km (275 mi) west northwest of Guam. Early on December	December	PROPN	18	NUM	 18
Wheat was common all over Europe and was considered to be the most nutritious of all grains, but was more prestigious and thus more expensive. The finely sifted white flour that modern Europeans are most familiar with was reserved for the bread of the upper classes. As	As	SCONJ	one	NUM	 one
The request, submitted on 8 September, was turned down by the plan authors. That day, Owen requested that the plan allow Krajina to form a confederation with either Serbia or FR Yugoslavia. Owen and Stoltenberg sought to create a network of confederations between the former	former	ADJ	Yugoslav	ADJ	 Yugoslav
Following his arrest, the tribal court of the Spirit Lake Sioux Tribe charged Lara with assaulting the arresting officers, along with four other charges. Lara pleaded guilty to the tribal charge of " violence to a policeman ". Soon after, federal prosecutors charged Lara with	with	ADP	assault	NOUN	 assault
DGM publishes on line diaries by Robert Fripp, David Singleton and The Vicar. A moderated forum allows fans to ask questions or to leave comments. Together, the diaries and the fan forum display delayed dialogs in which the artists and fans discuss diary entries and forum	forum	NOUN	postings	NOUN	 postings
" Something Old, Something New " was produced by Adam Divello, Liz Gateley, Kristofer Lindquist, Sara Mast, and Sean Travis. The episode became the second in the series ' history with a one hour running time, preceded by " Paris Changes Everything "	"	PUNCT	in	ADP	 in
Other prominent peaks above 600 m (2,000 ft) include Mount Rosebery, Catlins Cone, Mount Tautuku, and Ajax Hill. The Catlins has several small lakes, notably scenic Lake Wilkie close to the Tautuku Peninsula. Catlins Lake, near Owaka, actually consists of	of	ADP	the	DET	 the
Most articular surfaces of the arm bones were deeply furrowed, indicating that the animal had thick pads of cartilage between the joints. Though the arms of Deinocheirus were large, the ratio between them and the shoulder girdle was less than that of the smaller ornithomimosaur Ornithomimus.	.	PUNCT	The	DET	 The
They were able to stabilise the German position there but left Rome poorly guarded. Kesselring felt that he had been out generalled when the Allies landed at Anzio. Although taken by surprise, Kesselring moved rapidly to regain control of the situation, summoning Generaloberst Eberhard von Mackensen	Mackensen	PROPN	's	PART	's
Throughout this navigation stretches of natural riverbed alternate with 11 miles (18 km) of artificial lock cuts and a series of locks that overcome a fall of 130 feet (40 m). East of Newbury town centre the Kennet passes through the Thatcham Reed Beds a	a	DET	169	NUM	 169
A third hat trick, scored against city rivals Espanyol on 7 December, allowed him to surpass César Rodríguez as the all time top scorer in the Derbi barceloní with 12 goals. Messi again placed second in the FIFA Ballon d'Or behind Cristiano Ronaldo, largely owing to	to	ADP	his	PRON	 his
The politician never visits Marcas, who soon dies. The students are the only mourners at his funeral, and – disheartened by the tragedy – leave France. In addition to his distinctive name, Z. Marcas has a remarkable appearance which his neighbors notice immediately. The	The	DET	story	NOUN	 story
The main summit, Pico Laco, has an altitude of 5,325 metres (17,470 ft), although a maximum height of 5,472 metres (17,953 ft) has also been reported. Pico Laco is an andesitic lava dome with a height of 400 metres (1,300 ft	ft	NOUN	)	PUNCT	)
Other actors garnering roles in the main cast include Steven Yeun, Chandler Riggs, and Jeffrey DeMunn. " Days Gone Bye " featured guest appearances from actors and actresses such as Emma Bell (Amy), Andrea's younger sister. Bell would later become part of	of	ADP	the	DET	 the
" The only thing that tells you that you're moving is that occasionally when you're flying over the subsonic aeroplanes you can see all these 747s 20,000 feet below you almost appearing to go backwards, I mean you are going 800 miles an hour or thereabouts faster	faster	ADV	than	SCONJ	 than
The book outsold popular television chefs Jamie Oliver and Nigella Lawson when sale figures reached a total of 670,000 copies, selling 300,000 copies in just fifteen weeks. It was also selling 45,000 copies a week at one point, and had sold 250,000 copies before the peak book	book	NOUN	selling	VERB	 selling
These 25 millimeter (0.98 in) guns had an effective range of 1,500 – 3,000 meters (1,600 – 3,300 yd), and an effective ceiling of 5,500 meters (18,000 ft) at an elevation of 85 degrees. The maximum effective rate of fire was only	only	ADV	between	ADP	 between
No mechanical linkages were used, the stick instead controlled the flow of high pressure air around the craft, which either directly attached to various control surfaces, or indirectly through local cable linkages to replace controls that were intended to be cable actuated (like throttle controls on	on	ADP	the	DET	 the
The British appointed Governor, Sir Humphrey Gibbs, remained at his post in Salisbury, but was now ignored by the local government, which appointed its own " Officer Administrating the Government " to fill his ceremonial role. Smith represented Rhodesia in two abortive rounds of talks	talks	NOUN	with	ADP	 with
) The new regime therefore seemed well grounded in the new doctrine of popular sovereignty. Giddy with their success, the radicals now started to overstep their bounds. Their legitimacy was already tenuous, because of the way they had seized power. Now they also lost support	support	NOUN	in	ADP	 in
Upon release, Mass Effect 2 received universal critical acclaim from video game publications. At the review aggregate websites GameRankings and Metacritic, the Xbox 360 version of the game holds an average review score of 95.77% and 96 out of 100 respectively. Substantial praise was given	given	VERB	to	ADP	 to
The perpetrators included a company of Waffen SS attached to Einsatzgruppe C under Rasch, members of Sonderkommando 4a under SS Obergruppenführer Friedrich Jeckeln, and some Ukrainian auxiliary police. The Jews of Kiev were told to report to a certain street corner on 29 September; anyone who	who	PRON	disobeyed	VERB	 disobeyed
In a report on the outcry in Akron, The Youngstown Daily Vindicator warned that, " if the Youngstown backers keep adding and force the other clubs to add to the salaries, it is a question of only a short time until independent baseball will be an impossibility	impossibility	NOUN	"	PUNCT	 "
In 1965, the FBI initiated an investigation of his group and may have provided sensationalized rumors to the press. That year, FBI director J. Edgar Hoover deemed Clarence 13X as a " Harlem rowdy ", and feared that he would form ties with more dangerous groups	groups	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
This tick has been implicated in the transmission of Bahig virus, a pathogenic arbovirus previously thought to be transmitted only by mosquitoes. Another argasid tick, Argas africolumbae, was found in a nest of the closely related rock martins in Kenya. The nasal mite Ptilonyssus echinatus	echinatus	NOUN	was	AUX	 was
Their vocal R & B harmonies impressed American entertainer Michael Jackson, who signed the group to his record label, MJJ Music, after a demo tape was played to him by producer Teddy Riley in 1993. Greggs told Billboard magazine that the band is " here to	to	PART	prove	VERB	 prove
Inside the Indiana 10 yard line, Tech was stopped for losses on consecutive plays before DeShazo connected on a 14 yard touchdown pass to Thomas. The extra point was good, and with nine seconds remaining in the first quarter, Virginia Tech tied the game at 7	7	NUM	–	PUNCT	 –
" Osborne also said that the EU is facing growing competition with global economic powers like China, India and the US, and the European Union should " reform or decline. " The Republic of India has seen considerable coverage of its potential of becoming a superpower,	,	PUNCT	both	CCONJ	 both
While the casinos satisfied his aim of generating state revenues of up to 700 million riels in that year, it also caused a sharp increase in the number of bankruptcies and suicides. In August 1969 Lon Nol was reappointed as Prime Minister, with Sisowath Sirik Matak as	as	ADP	his	PRON	 his
Vosmaer gave it the French name " le paresseux pentadactyle du Bengale " (" the five fingered sloth of Bengal "), but Boddaert later argued that it was more closely aligned with the lorises of Ceylon (now Sri Lanka) and Bengal. Between 1800 and	and	CCONJ	1907	NUM	 1907
An additional son, Ecgfrith, is mentioned in a charter of Eadbald's, but the charter is a forgery, probably dating from the eleventh century. Several of Eadbald's near relatives were involved in diplomatic marriages. King Anna of East Anglia married his daughter,	,	PUNCT	Seaxburh	PROPN	 Seaxburh
The first enemy Fiona encounters is Debilitas, a large, mentally disabled groundskeeper who thinks of Fiona as one of his dolls. Fiona then makes contact with a mysterious man named Lorenzo, who seems to want to help her escape. He tells her that to do	do	VERB	so	ADV	 so
Steam power was gradually introduced to the navy in the first half of the 19th century, initially for small craft and later for frigates. The French Navy introduced steam to the line of battle with the 90 gun Napoléon in 1850 — the first true steam battleship.	.	PUNCT	Napoléon	PROPN	 Napoléon
This would be billed as the second in the series following the successful Love And Law film. The two later releases would be The Norwood Necklace and The Court's Decree would conclude the " Violet Gray, Detective " series. Apparently the film series made an impact	impact	NOUN	because	SCONJ	 because
However, Cobain was upset by the label's lack of promotion and distribution for the album. In late 1989, the band recorded the Blew EP with producer Steve Fisk. In a late 1989 interview with John Robb in Sounds, Cobain noted that the band's	's	PART	music	NOUN	 music
Despite expressing his interest to join films after school, his father forced him to go through education with Vikram subsequently graduating in English literature from Loyola College, Chennai and working half way through an MBA programme. Through the prolific dramatics club, Vikram appeared in stage productions	productions	NOUN	including	VERB	 including
Malick told them that they had upset the studio for refusing to give up above the title production credit to Stevens. He did not tell them, however, that in 1996 he had a clause inserted in his contract barring the producers from the set. Geisler and	and	CCONJ	Roberdeau	PROPN	 Roberdeau
When the Indians get behind and Lemon is pitching, he rarely is yanked for a pinch hitter in the early innings. It's a tough price he's paying for batting fame. " In 1950, Lemon led the major leagues in pitching wins (23)	)	PUNCT	for	ADP	 for
The tendency among many captured guerrillas to collaborate with the Israeli authorities, providing information that led to the destruction of numerous " terrorist cells ", also contributed to the failure to establish bases in the territories occupied by Israel. The fedayeen were compelled to establish external bases	bases	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
However, while defence of British naval bases was a RAF commitment, provision had not been made for this and so the Admiralty accepted that it would have to take on the duty. For this it needed an interceptor fighter. Experience in the Norwegian Campaign of early	early	ADJ	1940	NUM	 1940
What is now DE 7 was built as a state highway during the 1920s and 1930s. By 1936, the route was designated to run along its present alignment between US 13 near Red Lion, Delaware and the Pennsylvania border. From the 1950s to the 1970s,	,	PUNCT	DE	PROPN	 DE
It is Austin Grossman's first novel. He was better known as a video game designer but was studying literature. While the book uses characters, settings, and storylines generally associated with comic books and superhero fiction, it is written entirely in prose. The story	story	NOUN	looks	VERB	 looks
The CFL commissioned a replica of the trophy in 2008. The Grey Cup has been stolen on two occasions: it disappeared for three days in 1967 when it was taken from the Hamilton Tiger Cats as a prank, and in December 1969 it was stolen from the	the	DET	offices	NOUN	 offices
On his father's side, the immigrant ancestor was John Pound, a Quaker who arrived from England around 1650. Ezra's grandfather, Thaddeus Coleman Pound (1832 – 1914), was a Republican Congressman from northwest Wisconsin who had made and lost a fortune in	in	ADP	the	DET	 the
After the storm, thousands of soldiers in the People's Liberation Army placed sandbags and maintained dykes along Dongting Lake, and, by the end of August, most floods had receded nationwide. While Kammuri was moving ashore, several ships offshore reported winds of over 74	74	NUM	km	NOUN	 km
Genomics can also be considered a subfield of bioinformatics, which uses computational approaches to analyze large sets of biological data. A common problem to these fields of research is how to manage and share data that deals with human subject and personally identifiable information. See also genomics	genomics	VERB	data	NOUN	 data
Concerns that the film would fail limited its initial bookings to less than half those a film of its magnitude normally received. Released in the United States on June 20, 1980, it received generally positive reviews. It earned just under $5 million in its opening	opening	NOUN	weekend	NOUN	 weekend
Hardware requirements are at least those of the kernel and the GNU toolsets. Debian supports uniprocessor and symmetric multiprocessor systems. Debian's recommended system requirements depend on the level of installation, which corresponds to increased numbers of installed components: The real minimum memory requirements depend on	on	ADP	the	DET	 the
After completing the translation, Smith gave the brown stone to Cowdery, but continued to receive revelations using another stone until about 1833 when he said he no longer needed it. Although the Book of Mormon drew many converts to the church, Fawn Brodie argued in 1945	1945	NUM	that	SCONJ	 that
Hawkins scored 2 goals in the game to help Geelong defeat St Kilda by 12 points and capture the 2009 AFL premiership. (One of those goals was notably controversial, as it was ruled as such after it had bounced off a goal post; under the rules	rules	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
William of Poitiers states that the bodies of Gyrth and Leofwine were found near Harold's, implying that they died late in the battle. It is possible that if the two brothers died early in the fighting their bodies were taken to Harold, thus accounting for their	their	PRON	being	AUX	 being
The area is also known to have housed all of the animals hunted by Bertilak (deer, boar, fox) in the 14th century. The Green Chapel is thought to be in either Lud's Church or Wetton Mill, as these areas closely match the descriptions	descriptions	NOUN	given	VERB	 given
After a spell serving as playing fields for locals, Moston Brook High School was opened on the site. A red plaque was attached to one of the school's walls, marking the location of the old stadium, but it was stolen and not replaced. Following	Following	VERB	the	DET	 the
You have to find something to fix you. To give you what you need. To make you whole again. " From his lies to cab drivers (identifying himself as The Beatles ' sound engineer) to his socially unacceptable behavior around Jude, a young fan	fan	NOUN	he	PRON	 he
Howard was ejected for pushing JaVale McGee, who was attempting to break up a dispute between Zydrunas Ilgauskas and John Wall. For the season, Howard played 57 games for the 2010 – 11 Heat, all as a reserve. He averaged 2.4 points and 2.1 rebounds	rebounds	NOUN	with	ADP	 with
Initial expectations were high for the 2004 – 05 season, but the club once again finished in a mid table position, ending the season in 12th place. Following the sacking of Graeme Souness as Newcastle manager in February 2006, Bruce was again linked with the job	job	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
It is known, for example, that Los Macheteros deliberately chose September 12 for their White Eagle assault on the Wells Fargo depot, because September 12 was the birthday of Puerto Rican Nationalist leader Pedro Albizu Campos. Beginning in the 1960s, the FBI infiltrated Puerto Rico	Rico	PROPN	's	PART	's
One, Mohamed Atta, deliberately crashed it into the North Tower of the World Trade Center in New York City, killing all 92 people aboard and an unknown number in the building's impact zone. The aircraft involved, a Boeing 767 223ER, registration N334AA,	,	PUNCT	was	AUX	 was
It was originally published in Copenhagen by Det Schubotheske Forlag as part of a collection of four stories entitled Stille Eksistenser (Quiet Existences), centering on women who are subdued or living in isolation. It was first published independently in 1898. An impressionist novel, it	it	PRON	relates	VERB	 relates
Techie.com called it the " world's most powerful desktop sized supercomputer ", describing it as a computer with " so much power in such a small space. " iTech News Net called it " the Most Powerful Desktop Supercomputer ". Fastra II relies on Nvidia's	's	PART	Scalable	PROPN	 Scalable
Other villains included Parasite and Silver Banshee. Poirier's script impressed Warner Bros., but Kevin Smith was hired to rewrite. Smith thought Poirier's script did not respect the Superman mythos properly, and referred to it in An Evening with Kevin Smith as being " like	like	ADP	the	DET	 the
The episode ended up being 17 minutes longer than usual, so much of it had to be cut. Steven A. Adelson directed " Fragments " and " Sleepers ". Amanda Tapping directed " Veritas ", her first directorial credit since the Stargate SG 1 episode "	"	PUNCT	Resurrection	NOUN	 Resurrection
" Leah Greenblatt of Entertainment Weekly called the song a " companion piece " to Pink's " Raise Your Glass " citing their similar subject matter and close releases. Nitsuh Abebe from NY Magazine complimented the song's chorus and trance pop elements. Abebe wrote that the	the	DET	song	NOUN	 song
The gameplay shares many similarities with Secret of Mana, such as real time battles, a ring shaped menu system, and the ability to switch control between the two characters. Despite similar game mechanics and a similar title, it is not an entry in the Mana	Mana	PROPN	series	NOUN	 series
Featuring a futuristic concept, the video begins with a small clip from Timbaland and Hilson's " The Way I Are ", before it cuts to Hilson dancing in a future like room while scenes are shown on a wall behind Timbaland, who is seated in a	a	DET	chair	NOUN	 chair
P. m. simpsoni is distinguished by a facial stripe with white ventral parts; the rump is redder than the flanks. The blue duiker bears a significant resemblance to Maxwell's duiker. However, the latter is nearly twice as large and heavier as the former, with	with	ADP	a	DET	 a
An alternate take of the song was used as a B side for his " Mixed Up Confusion " single. " Honey, Just Allow Me One More Chance " " Honey, Just Allow Me One More Chance " is based on " Honey, Won't You	You	PRON	Allow	VERB	 Allow
He concluded that there must be a vacuum between the Earth and the Moon. Back in the 15th century, German theologian Nicolaus Cusanus speculated that the Universe lacked a center and a circumference. He believed that the Universe, while not infinite, could not be held	held	VERB	as	ADV	 as
It is a Hot Jupiter that orbits a subgiant star that is more massive, larger, and more diffuse than the Sun is. Kepler 5 was first flagged as the location of a possibly transiting planet, and was reclassified as a Kepler Object of Interest until follow	follow	VERB	up	ADP	 up
As Smith walks into the sunset, a version of The Cure's " Let's Go to Bed " is played on the Japanese Lute (Biwa). Officer Barbrady makes a reference to singer songwriter Fiona Apple with the line, " Well, you ain't	n't	PART	Fiona	PROPN	 Fiona
It also serves as a light rail station for the Ullevål Hageby Line of the Oslo Tramway. It is located at the north of the Blindern campus of the University of Oslo in the Nordre Aker borough of Oslo, Norway. The decision to build the station was	was	AUX	made	VERB	 made
Performances for St Helens gained Trautmann a reputation as an able goalkeeper, resulting in interest from Football League clubs. As the following season commenced, a number of League clubs showed interest in signing him. The first to offer him a contract was Manchester City, a	a	DET	club	NOUN	 club
McCoy uses the cure on himself but it backfires, giving him blue fur and leonine aspects. With McCoy piloting, the mutants and MacTaggert take a jet to the blockade line, where Xavier uses his telepathy to influence a Soviet sailor to destroy the ship carrying the	the	DET	missiles	NOUN	 missiles
Adam details that the people of Uppsala had appointed priests to each of the gods, and that the priests were to offer up sacrifices. In Thor's case, he continues, these sacrifices were done when plague or famine threatened. Earlier in the same work,	,	PUNCT	Adam	PROPN	 Adam
It was during this period that Webster Avenue developed as " fraternity row ". The new residences were built without significant dining facilities, as the Trustees of the college had banned fraternities from serving regular meals in their chapter houses and had limited the number of resident brothers	brothers	NOUN	by	ADP	 by
' The Set Up ', ' Shootouts ' and ' Affirmative Action ' [...] are chilling in their how many grams to a kilo detail and utter amorality. On ' Watch Dem Niggas ', Nas cites as inspirations both the boxing coach Cus D '	'	PUNCT	Amato	PROPN	 Amato
Several players from each team participated in postseason all star games and a handful were selected to play in the National Football League through the 2010 NFL Draft. Beginning with the 2006 game, the Chick fil A Bowl purchased the right to select the highest ranked Atlantic Coast	Coast	PROPN	Conference	PROPN	 Conference
Along with Brazil, Russia, India and South Africa, China is a member of the BRICS group of emerging major economies and hosted the group's third official summit at Sanya, Hainan in April 2011. Under its interpretation of the One China policy, Beijing has	has	AUX	made	VERB	 made
" Q magazine placed " Black Coffee " in their list of 1010 Songs You Must Own. In 2007, " Black Coffee " was included in the competitive music video game series SingStar. According to Fiona Shepherd of The Scotsman, the " smart pop attack "	"	PUNCT	of	ADP	 of
During the four game December 1987 Elgin tournament, in which he was named MVP, Pelinka made all 41 of his free throws and recorded a tournament record 139 points, including 45 in one game. Pelinka's streak of consecutive free throws made ended at 45,	,	PUNCT	but	CCONJ	 but
Basements and the police station were also inundated. Elsewhere in the county, some homes and businesses were flooded. Elena caused five deaths and less than $10 million in damage. A tropical wave existed the west coast of Africa and developed into a tropical depression by	by	ADP	September	PROPN	 September
Kodo is one of the most recognized taiko groups both in Japan and worldwide. Estimates of the number of taiko groups in Japan vary up to 5000 active in Japan, but more conservative assessments place the number closer to 800 based on membership in the Nippon Taiko Foundation	Foundation	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
These columns were eventually bound and sold as the Mount Vernon Papers. Everett was disheartened by the sectional divisions between the northern and southern states during the late 1850s. The 1860 election threatened to produce a national crisis, with pro slavery Southerners splitting the Democratic Party and	and	CCONJ	threatening	VERB	 threatening
NuScale is currently planning the first NuScale power plant in Idaho. NuScale's SMR designs are for 9 feet (2.7 m) by 65 feet (20 m) reactor vessels that use conventional light water cooling methods. Each module is intended to be kept in an	an	DET	underground	ADJ	 underground
The Church of the Holy Apostles, or Apostoleion, probably planned by Constantine but built by his successor Constantius in the new capital city of Constantinople, combined the congregational basilica with the centralized shrine. With a similar plan to that of the Church of Saint Simeon Stylites	Stylites	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
The game also includes a " Crime Recreation Mode " that models evidence or the crime scene in a 3 D rendition and allow the player to explore the recreation to look for clues. Additionally, the game often recreates the crime in cutscene sequences, allowing the player	player	NOUN	to	PART	 to
The Gaelic language, spoken fluently by James IV and probably by James V, became known in the time of James VI as " Erse " or Irish, implying that it was foreign in nature. The Scottish Parliament decided that Gaelic had become a principal cause of	of	ADP	the	DET	 the
There was an earthquake the night of his arrest, which Eudoxia took for a sign of God's anger, prompting her to ask Arcadius for John's reinstatement. Peace was short lived. A silver statue of Eudoxia was erected in the Augustaion, near his cathedral	cathedral	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
Endemic fish of Madagascar include two families, 15 genera and over 100 species, primarily inhabiting the island's freshwater lakes and rivers. Although invertebrates remain poorly studied on Madagascar, researchers have found high rates of endemism among the known species. All 651 species of terrestrial	terrestrial	ADJ	snail	NOUN	 snail
The Latin name indicates that it " belonged to " (given by the suffix -anus) Derby, hence derbianus. Although the giant eland is somewhat larger than the common eland, the epithet ' giant ' actually refers to its large horns. The name ' eland	eland	NOUN	'	PUNCT	 '
Other versions have Orton and Roger as companions in crime in Australia, with Orton killing Roger and assuming his identity. The Claimant's daughter by Mary Ann Bryant, Teresa Mary Agnes, maintained that her father confessed to her that he had killed Arthur Orton and thus	thus	ADV	could	AUX	 could
Cross ranked 55th. He did not advance to later rounds. Martyn Forde also swam on Barbados ' behalf at the Beijing Olympics. Born in Canada in 1985, Forde was 23 years old when he made his appearance at the Beijing Olympics. He participated in the	the	DET	men	NOUN	 men
Rivera signed a one year, $10 million contract in the offseason to remain with the team. After successfully rehabilitating his knee in the offseason, Rivera announced on March 9, 2013, that he would retire after the 2013 season, his 19th in the major	major	ADJ	leagues	NOUN	 leagues
The ball looped up in the air and travelled half way to the square leg boundary, but Hassett managed to keep track of its trajectory through the fog. Toshack ended with 1 / 60 from 33 overs as Australia were one bowler short after an injury to Lindwall	Lindwall	PROPN	had	AUX	 had
He finished the season with 20 goals, only the third player in NHL history after Brian Leetch and Barry Beck to score 20 as a rookie defenceman. His 20 goals also broke the Flames franchise record for goals by a rookie defenseman, surpassing Gary Suter's total	total	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
A party of about 40 provincial militia were sent to Haverhill in response to these reports. Elements of the expedition departed in mid July from the Saint Lawrence River. As the Quebec party ascended the Saint François River, a Huron died in an accident. This was	was	AUX	viewed	VERB	 viewed
He was supported by the PJ, Carlos Álvarez, and the financial groups, but he was rejected by the rest of the UCR. The government announced it would retain the convertibility plan and that there would be no devaluation or sovereign default. Cavallo proposed several bills	bills	NOUN	;	PUNCT	;
The main elements of the Japanese counterattack had penetrated the forward and thinly stretched Australian lines throughout the previous night. The Japanese exploited the gaps in the line between the 2 / 28th Infantry and the 2 / 3rd Pioneer Battalions, and launched an attack towards the coast	coast	NOUN	with	ADP	 with
Colvin's view was that the failure to construct the college according to this " impressive " design led to it being Oxford's " most notable architectural casualty of the 1930s ". Had it been built, he said, it " would have taken its place among	among	ADP	the	DET	 the
However, there are non human life forms such as evolutions of Earth species (e.g. the Cat race), robotic or holo life forms created by humans, and a kind of ' Genetically Engineered Life Form ' (GELF), an artificially created creature. Simulants	Simulants	NOUN	and	CCONJ	 and
His first work as the primary producer on an album came for a Harvey Brooks solo record. He dropped out of NYU to work full time in the music industry. He left the Hit Factory and took a job at ABC Records, taking a large pay cut	cut	NOUN	in	ADP	 in
In April, the team and the station agreed to a six year contract extension. Mike Lange, former Penguin Phil Bourque and Bob Grove were the station's broadcasters. FSN Pittsburgh was the primary television network. Paul Steigerwald, Dan Potash, Rob King, and	and	CCONJ	former	ADJ	 former
Tracks such as " Tattered & Torn ", " Killers Are Quiet " and " Gently " also include the slow, cerebral angst build up style that the band also retained in some of their more recent work. The album implements elements of jazz and funk,	,	PUNCT	although	SCONJ	 although
Unlike the closely related water buffalo, B. mindorensis is a solitary creature. Adults of the species do not occur in herds or smaller packs and are often encountered alone. Only juveniles exhibit the typical bovine herding behavior and clan hierarchy often seen in water buffalo. Males	Males	NOUN	and	CCONJ	 and
Thornnastor is the Diagnostician in Charge of Pathology, and it carries ten Educator tapes. Its fascination with gossip, especially about the scandalous activities of a multi sexed, methane breathing, cryogenic species, is a running gag in the series. The Sector General series defined	defined	VERB	the	DET	 the
Some alternative terms for double burden include: double day, second shift, and double duty. The traditional female homemaker – male breadwinner model characterized female employment prior to World War II. At the turn of the 20th century in the continental United States, only 18	18	NUM	percent	NOUN	 percent
She says that Hamilton is understandably angry at the corporate lobbyists who have encouraged climate change denial. Royle suggests that Hamilton accepts that " we should at least try to do something about climate change ", but he " doesn't give much idea of what that something	something	PRON	is	AUX	 is
Digital synthesizers are also suitable chordal instruments, unlike early analog synthesizers such as the Minimoog, Moog Taurus and ARP Odyssey, which could play only one note at a time and so were mainly suitable for drones, basslines and lead playing. The concept of the studio	studio	NOUN	as	ADP	 as
One of its first jobs was levelling the tennis courts in Whitemore. By 1960 JAH Shaw & Sons had moved into large scale earth moving. In 1970 they tendered for, and won, work on the Cressy to Longford irrigation scheme; 7 km (4 mi	mi	NUM	)	PUNCT	)
The Jedi Prince series of novels introduces an insane, three eyed mutant named Triclops who is revealed to be Palpatine's illegitimate son. Created from DNA extracted from Palpatine and placed into a woman, he was born mutated, cast away and forgotten. Triclops had a	a	DET	son	NOUN	 son
Following the outbreak of the Napoleonic Wars in 1803, the British Admiralty had made the security of these routes a priority, and by 1807 the Dutch bases at the Cape of Good Hope and Java had been neutralised by expeditionary forces to prevent their use by enemy raiders	raiders	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
Since Apollo, like Mercury, would require a launch escape system (LES) in case of a launch failure, a relatively small rocket was required for qualification flight testing of this system. A size bigger than the NAA Little Joe would be required, so the	the	DET	Little	PROPN	 Little
Along the western side of the county is the border with Vermilion County, Illinois. The small southern border is shared with the north end of the similarly named Indiana county of Vermillion. The state capital of Indianapolis lies about 70 miles (110 km) to the	the	DET	southeast	NOUN	 southeast
The decline was steeper among young adult viewers with a decrease of 20% in the 18 – 49 demographic compared to its series premiere, but its household rating grew from 3.6% to 3.9% during the last half hour. Robert Bianco of USA Today commented on	on	ADP	the	DET	 the
Such Waters warhorses as " Forty Days and Forty Nights ", " I'm Ready ", " Baby, Please Don't Go ", and " Got My Mojo Working " were recorded and later released on the album Fathers and Sons. Waters commented, "	"	PUNCT	We	PRON	 We
At halftime, the Texas Longhorn Band dedicated their performance to the students lost and injured in the collapse, and ended by playing Amazing Grace and Taps, then removing their white hats in a show of respect as they walked off the field. The Fightin ' Texas	Texas	PROPN	Aggie	PROPN	 Aggie
Tertis soon changed his mind and took the work up. A performance by him at a Three Choirs Festival concert in Worcester in 1932 was the only occasion on which Walton met Elgar, whom he greatly admired. Elgar did not share the general enthusiasm for Walton's	's	PART	concerto	NOUN	 concerto
The Admiralty noted that the required camouflage would vary depending on the light, the changing colours of sea and sky, the time of day, and the angle of the sun. Thayer made repeated and desperate efforts to persuade the authorities, and in November 1915 travelled	travelled	VERB	to	ADP	 to
It clearly dates its creation as 1953, rather than from 1938. Some tendencies argue that the Fourth International became dislocated politically during the years between Trotsky's murder and the establishment of the ICFI in 1953; they consequently work to " reconstruct ", " reorganise "	"	PUNCT	or	CCONJ	 or
Tech began its drive with an incomplete pass, which was followed by a short run. On third down, Vick prepared to throw the ball, but he was hit by Clemson defender Keith Adams and fumbled the ball. Fellow Clemson defender Terry Jolly recovered the loose	loose	ADJ	football	NOUN	 football
Writing in The Wall Street Journal, Joe Morgenstern thought the role was portrayed with " great subtlety and rueful charm ". Rolling Stone said Garfield delivered " a vulnerability that raises the emotional stakes in a movie ", and proclaimed: " Keep your eyes on Garfield	Garfield	PROPN	—	PUNCT	 —
St John's Church (Sankt Hans Kirke), first mentioned in 1295, was built by the Knights Hospitaller, also known as the Order of Saint John. Not much of the original building remains as it was rebuilt in 1636 and subsequently restored. Built of	of	ADP	red	ADJ	 red
(English: Not One Step Back!), along with a recitation of the William Butler Yeats poem " Mother of God ". The album was created by the Madres in commemoration of the disappearance of their children. The tracks were also recorded for the 1999	1999	NUM	film	NOUN	 film
Erik Gjems Onstad died in November 2011 after short illness at the Bærum Hospital. He left behind his wife, children, grandchildren and great grandchildren. Gjems Onstad has authored several books. He wrote about the psychological warfare of the Norwegian resistance movement in DURHAM: hemmelige	hemmelige	PROPN	operasjoner	NOUN	 operasjoner
By 1928, the Hyde Park Herald reported that the covenants prevailed throughout the South Side, and 95% of the homes in the subdivision were covenanted. Most African American neighborhoods were bounded by covenanted areas since 85% of Chicago was covenanted. Between 1928 and 1940	1940	NUM	,	PUNCT	,
The Imaginos Tour began in the East Coast of the US in July, and continued on to most of the States. The set lists were based mainly on old material and included only two or three songs from Imaginos, usually " I Am the One You Warned	Warned	VERB	Me	PRON	 Me
Hill worked as a labourer and a motorcycle courier to support his further education. Hill is married to Susan George (' Georgie ' – born 29 April 1961) and they have four children: Oliver (born 4 March 1989), Joshua (born 9 January	January	PROPN	1991	NUM	 1991
Ideologically, they were led by the Patriarch of Antioch. In Yemen and Hadramaut, much of the population adhered to Shia Islam in its Zaydi form. The inhabitants of Upper Mesopotamia were made up of Sunni Muslim Kurds and Turks, although there was a significant Yazidi	Yazidi	PROPN	minority	NOUN	 minority
She made her first WrestleMania appearance in the 25 Diva Miss WrestleMania battle royal on April 5, 2009 at WrestleMania XXV. On the April 17 episode of SmackDown, Kim defeated then Divas Champion Maryse. This earned her a championship match the following week, which she	she	PRON	failed	VERB	 failed
The first spine is always the shortest; the rays become shorter toward the posterior end. There are about 23 scales between the first dorsal spine and the posterior nostrils. Certain areas of the body are tinged green. The back of the fish is olive green or	or	CCONJ	brown	ADJ	 brown
At any given time, only one person in the world is capable of bending all four elements: the Avatar, who serves as an international arbiter. When the Avatar dies, the Avatar spirit is reincarnated into the next one of the four nations in the Avatar	Avatar	PROPN	Cycle	PROPN	 Cycle
Peterson remained in the position for 19 years until he announced his resignation from the team in 2008. Denny Thum served as interim general manager until January 13, 2009, when the Chiefs named New England Patriots executive Scott Pioli the team's new general manager. Pioli	Pioli	PROPN	was	AUX	 was
1567 – 23 December 1605), eldest son of Sir Thomas Tresham and Merial Throckmorton, was a member of the group of English provincial Catholics who planned the failed Gunpowder Plot of 1605, a conspiracy to assassinate King James I of England. Tresham joined the Earl	Earl	PROPN	of	ADP	 of
At Jones ' hotel room, Nemo is murdered while taking a bath, and his body is dumped in the woods. Running throughout all the many paths his life could take or has taken, the adult Nemo recurringly awakens in a surrealistic world dominated by argyle patterns	patterns	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
His best showings were in Tennessee, where he received 1,326 votes out of over 2 million votes cast, and in Ohio, where he managed to receive 2,731 votes. His weakest showings were in Kentucky and Minnesota, where he managed to gain 7 votes in each	each	DET	state	NOUN	 state
Electromagnetic separation for uranium enrichment was abandoned in the post war period in favor of the more complicated, but more efficient, gaseous diffusion method. Although most of the calutrons of the Manhattan Project were dismantled at the end of the war, some remained in use to	to	PART	produce	VERB	 produce
Cambridge's Cree and cox T. H. Hunter were the only non British participants registered, both of whom hailed from Australia. Cambridge won the toss and elected to start from the Surrey station, handing the Middlesex side of the river to Oxford. In calm weather,	,	PUNCT	umpire	NOUN	 umpire
The airport was served by Widerøe using de Havilland Canada DHC 6 Twin Otters. The airline operated two trips Bodø – Røst – Værøy – Bodø on weekdays and one round trip during the weekend. In addition, there were two weekly trips that connected Værøy to Leknes	Leknes	PROPN	Airport	PROPN	 Airport
The mining area comprised the watersheds of Basin and Cataract Creek and part of the Boulder River. Contaminants included arsenic, copper, cadmium, lead and other metals. Cleanup of the mining wastes at the Buckeye Enterprise, Crystal and Bullion mines in the Basin Creek and	and	CCONJ	Cataract	PROPN	 Cataract
Additionally, 0.5% of Virginians are American Indian or Alaska Native, and 0.1% are Native Hawaiian or other Pacific Islander. Virginia has extended state recognition to eight Native American tribes resident in the state, though some lack federal recognition status. Most Native American groups	groups	NOUN	are	AUX	 are
The construction delays and cost overruns were attributed to poor planning, many design changes, and cronyism. Many critics have praised the completed park. From 1852 until 1997, the Illinois Central Railroad owned a right of way between downtown Chicago and Lake Michigan, in the	the	DET	area	NOUN	 area
Views of the changes have differed. On 21 October 1864, Building News reported that the restoration was nearing completion and was of " a very spirited character ". It said that the new " handsome " arch showed the east window " to great advantage ",	,	PUNCT	with	ADP	 with
After performing tests on the sample, Murphy stated that it contained over $200 of silver per ton. After some investigation, Murphy discovered that the samples had come from the area that was to become Silver Reef. There is no record of Murphy ever staking a	a	DET	claim	NOUN	 claim
The referee who saw the action saw merely a " scuffle " between Kunnert and Abdul Jabbar followed by the one between Kunnert and Washington then Washington's punch. Both Washington and Abdul Jabbar reject this account. Abdul Jabbar then ran up behind Kunnert and grabbed his arms	arms	NOUN	to	PART	 to
Calcraft was ordered to pay 3 shillings a week towards her upkeep, to which he objected, arguing that his brother and sister should be made to help, and that he had three children of his own to support, although there is no record of his marriage	marriage	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
At the time, Danielle was a compact system, with tropical storm force winds spanning only 115 miles (185 km) from the center. Although the NHC was fairly certain that the storm would continue west northwestward, a veer north or south of the forecast track	track	NOUN	seemed	VERB	 seemed
It usually forages alone at night, but may sleep in groups during the day, the composition of which depends on gender and season. Tree holes can be shared with up to 15 other individuals, although males tend to sleep alone while females tend to share nests	nests	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
This situation was complicated because of Bret co winning the Royal Rumble. Jack Tunney decided that both Bret Hart and Lex Luger would get title shots at WrestleMania X, but that they would each wrestle two matches at the event. Lex Luger won a coin toss televised	televised	VERB	on	ADP	 on
" Themal concludes that this is the position Biden desires, and that in a campaign " he plans to stress the dangers to the security of the average American, not just from the terrorist threat, but from the lack of health assistance, crime, and energy	energy	NOUN	dependence	NOUN	 dependence
As a result of this victory, de Grasse blocked any escape by sea for Cornwallis. By late September Washington and Rochambeau arrived, and the army and naval forces completely surrounded Cornwallis. After initial preparations, the Americans and French built their first parallel and began the	the	DET	bombardment	NOUN	 bombardment
When the eggs hatch, young snails must enter the water quickly or face death. When water levels are too low or rise too quickly while snail eggs are developing, apple snails do not flourish, affecting the many reptiles, mammals, and birds that feed on	on	ADP	them	PRON	 them
PLATO was a mainframe system that supported multiple users and allowed them to play simultaneously, a feature not commonly available to owners of home personal computer systems at the time. These were followed by games on other platforms, such as Temple of Apshai, written in 1979	1979	NUM	for	ADP	 for
Henry III had nine children: Edward (1239 – 1307) Margaret of England (1240 – 1275). Her three children predeceased her husband, Alexander III of Scotland; consequently, the crown of Scotland became vacant on the death of their only grandchild, Margaret	Margaret	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
GOI has direct and indirect interests in a number of businesses that use the Gulf brand under license. The Canadian exploration, production, and distribution arm of Gulf Oil was sold to Olympia and York in 1985. From 1992 it continued as an independent oil company (	(	PUNCT	Gulf	PROPN	Gulf
If the kvitel is delivered by mail or messenger, the Rebbe's attendant reads it to the Rebbe. If the Hasid is present, the Rebbe reads the kvitel during their audience. Afterwards, the Rebbe blesses the petitioner. Rebbes traditionally devote their utmost attention to	to	ADP	reading	VERB	 reading
" Several critics commented that it was her finest performance to date, and Moore was awarded with the Oscar, Golden Globe, SAG and BAFTA for Best Actress. Moore began 2015 by appearing as an evil queen in Seventh Son, a poorly received fantasy – adventure	adventure	NOUN	film	NOUN	 film
The highway is the main east – west street as it crosses through Three Oaks in southern Berrien County. East of Galien, the highway dips southward around Dayton Lake before passing south of Buchanan. The highway continues eastward, intersecting US 31 (St. Joseph Valley Parkway	Parkway	PROPN	)	PUNCT	)
The 2004 – 05 NHL lockout resulted in a cancelled 2004 – 05 season. Unlike many other players, Miller did not play in a different league. He returned to play for the 2005 – 06 season and earned eight assists in 56 games. For the first	first	ADJ	time	NOUN	 time
Carkett returned her to the West Indies in October that year, returning in May 1773 to Britain after four years at Jamaica. She was paid off in 1773, and reduced to a 28 gun Sixth Rate. Lowestoffe now underwent a large repair. She was recommissioned	recommissioned	VERB	under	ADP	 under
Ruth Sanderson and Paul Frame provided cover art and interior illustrations for the first Nancy Drew paperbacks, published under the Wanderer imprint. Other artists, including Aleta Jenks and others whose names are unknown, provided cover art, but no interior illustrations, for later paperbacks.	.	PUNCT	Nancy	PROPN	 Nancy
The finish is still in Roubaix. The race is organised by the media group Amaury Sport Organisation annually in mid April. The course is maintained by Les Amis de Paris – Roubaix, a group of fans of the race formed in 1983. The forçats du pavé	pavé	PROPN	seek	VERB	 seek
On July 25, 1967, Forrestal reached Yankee Station in the Gulf of Tonkin and joined Operation Rolling Thunder, the 1965 – 1968 air interdiction and strategic bombing campaign against North Vietnam. The alpha strikes flown from Forrestal were against specific, pre selected targets such as	as	ADP	arms	NOUN	 arms
Federal employees were granted excused absences if they helped with law enforcement and the cleanup. Thousands of portable generators were sent to the state by Home Depot and Lowe's home improvement stores. The United States Army Corps of Engineers installed blue tarpaulins on 41,556 damaged roofs statewide	statewide	ADV	.	PUNCT	.
After a bomb threat was made against Judge Appleby, Sheriff Joseph DeMarino lied to the press about the exact date of her transfer to Clinton Correctional Facility for Women for security reasons. She was also transferred from the Clinton Correctional Facility for Women to a special area staffed	staffed	VERB	by	ADP	 by
" McGuinness later said the band had nearly wrecked themselves in the process. The group simultaneously used three separate rooms at Windmill Lane to mix, overdub, and edit. Adams said the hectic approach meant " there was never anybody sitting around waiting or doing nothing "	"	PUNCT	.	PUNCT	.
After this, the battalion underwent training in Glen Innes, before camping in Yandina, Queensland. On 5 August, the battalion moved north to Brisbane, boarding a ship to Port Moresby to join the fighting in New Guinea, where a force of mostly Militia personnel	personnel	NOUN	were	AUX	 were
The Lions were pushing for promotion to the First Division toward the end of the decade, but one week into the 1939 – 40 season, World War II broke out and Millwall were robbed of their aim. On 7 April 1945, Millwall appeared in a Football	Football	PROPN	League	PROPN	 League
" Editor Paul Hirsch explained that Hughes had a trance like concentration to his script writing process, working for hours on end, and would later shoot the film on essentially what was his first draft of the script. " The first cut of Ferris Bueller's Day	Day	PROPN	Off	PROPN	 Off
As part of his emirate, he was granted Salamiyah and Sarmin. He participated in numerous campaigns against the Ilkhanate during Sultan Baybars ' reign (1260 – 1277). In 1379 / 80, Isa defected from Baybars ' successor, Qalawun, and joined the rebellion	rebellion	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
As well as contributing to Italy's World Cup winning sides, two Juventus players Alfredo Foni and Pietro Rava, represented Italy in the gold medal winning squad at the 1936 Summer Olympics. Three Juventus players represented their nation during the 1968 European Football Championship win for Italy	Italy	PROPN	;	PUNCT	;
When the experiment was conducted, four beamlets were found, from which they deduced a nuclear spin of 3 ⁄ 2. Rabi's Molecular Beam Laboratory began to attract others, including Sidney Millman, a graduate student who studied lithium for his doctorate. Another was Jerrold	Jerrold	PROPN	Zacharias	PROPN	 Zacharias
At Svangstrand, located 65.0 meters (213.3 ft) AMSL there was connection with a steam ship. The only track left after the demolishing was a short section at Lier Station, which remained until the station closed in 1973. The old Lier Station has been preserved	preserved	VERB	.	PUNCT	.
A clot in a blood vessel draining the cavernous sinus (cavernous sinus thrombosis) affects the oculomotor (III), trochlear (IV), opthalamic branch of the trigeminal nerve (V1) and the abducens nerve (VI). Inflammation resulting from infection may impair	impair	VERB	the	DET	 the
Greene wants to open his own restaurant, and asks Shondor Birns to help him. Birns arranges a $70,000 loan from the Gambinos, but Birns ' courier buys cocaine with the money and gets arrested. Birns and Greene argue over which of them should pay back	back	ADP	the	DET	 the
The music video for the song was directed by Antti J. Jokinen and was filmed " like a movie ". It features Elliott responding to a relationship that had gone wrong. The third single, " We Run This ", was released on February 21, 2006	2006	NUM	,	PUNCT	,
A large outline of the bell hangs over the right field bleachers at Citizens Bank Park, home of the Philadelphia Phillies baseball team, and is illuminated whenever one of their players hits a home run. This bell outline replaced one at the Phillies ' former home,	,	PUNCT	Veterans	PROPN	 Veterans
He concedes to Panofsky's view, observing a " thoughtfulness on the high, wrinkled forehead, visionary force in the dreamy yet steady eyes, [and] a formidable strength of passion in the wide, firm mouth. " According to Panofsky, the man's	's	PART	face	NOUN	 face
MITS released its own 4 K Static RAM board in January 1976. The only floppy disk drives that were readily available in 1975 were IBM compatible 8 inch drives. MITS selected the Pertec FD400 disk drive which could store over 300,000 bytes of data. The Altair disk	disk	NOUN	controller	NOUN	 controller
" It was stated: " Kyla is compassionate, feisty, gives others the benefit of the doubt, strong and loyal - but you wouldn't want to cross her. Kyla has a habit of picking the wrong men, she's inflexible once she's made	made	VERB	her	PRON	 her
" Reviewing the fifth episode of the series The Independent's Neela Debnath said of Pullman that " thus far he has given an extraordinary turn as Danes, which at times has veered towards hammy territory but has never entered it. " However, Debnath felt that with	with	ADP	a	DET	 a
Forcella praised the Jim – Dwight dynamic in the episode and wrote, " Jim and Dwight, and especially the latter, were terrific. " In addition, Forcella positively compared the character growth of Nellie Bertam to Michael Scott, noting " the most heartwarming moment [	[	X	was	AUX	was
" In addition to acting, Aaliyah served as an executive producer of the film's soundtrack, where she contributed four songs. " Try Again " was released as a single from the soundtrack; the song topped the Billboard Hot 100, making Aaliyah the first artist	artist	NOUN	to	PART	 to
In 1910, the owner of the Point, Augustus Cholmondeley Gough Calthorpe, 6th Baron Calthorpe, leased the land to University College London (UCL), who also purchased the Old Lifeboat House at the end of the spit. When the baron died later that year	year	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
In 1855, Adolf Fick formulated Fick's laws that enabled the calculation of the rates of molecular diffusion in biological systems. Building upon the gene chromosome theory of heredity that originated with Gregor Mendel (1822 – 1884), August Weismann (1834 – 1914) proved	proved	VERB	that	DET	 that
Blythe wrote: " The only sound to compete with the unfamiliar noise of the marsh birds... was the ring of the breakers ' hammers. " Following the Palmer's closure, a small hope of relief and some industrial resurrection was offered by the industrialist Sir John	John	PROPN	Jarvis	PROPN	 Jarvis
Scouting and Boy Scouts are well known throughout American culture. The term " Boy Scout " is used to generally describe someone who is earnest and honest, or who helps others cheerfully; it can also be used as a pejorative term for someone deemed to be overly	overly	ADV	idealistic	ADJ	 idealistic
This team, which has the Victoria Someșeni Stadium as its home ground, reached the quarter finals of the Romanian Cup during the 2007 – 2008 season, its best performance. Clujana Cluj Napoca is the local women's soccer team, established in 2001 by Babeș Bolyai	Bolyai	PROPN	University	PROPN	 University
Hoare " attached special significance to what Shah had told him about the Enneagram symbol and said that Shah had revealed secrets about it that went far beyond what we had heard from Ouspensky. " Through Hoare, Shah was introduced to other Gurdjieffians, including John G. Bennett	Bennett	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
I don't really know why it's so important now, but I'm excited about it. " Radiohead chose " Paranoid Android " as the lead single, despite its unusually long running time and lack of a catchy chorus. Colin Greenwood admitted the song was	was	AUX	"	PUNCT	 "
The university maintains a number of libraries, some general purpose and some dedicated to specific topics such as architecture and law. Among the most notable of these are the Southwest Collection / Special Collections Library and the Vietnam Center and Archive, the nation's largest and most	most	ADV	comprehensive	ADJ	 comprehensive
" The team's goal then was, in the words of Todd Howard, to " create the quintessential RPG of the next generation ", with a focus on a " combination of freeform gameplay and cutting edge graphics. " Producing for next generation machines, rather	rather	ADV	than	ADP	 than
The entirety of NY 89's former routing from Magee to Halsey Corners was redesignated as NY 318 c. 1963, resulting in the truncation of NY 390 back to its previous northern terminus before being removed altogether in the mid 1960s. NY 318 was extended west to its	its	PRON	current	ADJ	 current
, comprised 314 pages, with 10,000 index entries. 500 copies were produced. Editions 3 – 14, published between 1888 and 1942, used a variant of this same title. Dewey modified and expanded his system considerably for the second edition. In an introduction to	to	ADP	that	DET	 that
It was here, too, in 1711, that Queen Mary found out that, as part of the embryonic Treaty of Utrecht, James Francis Edward was to lose Louis XIV's explicit recognition and be forced to leave France. The next year, when James Francis	Francis	PROPN	Edward	PROPN	 Edward
The primary diagnosis for children in hospice treatment is cancer, but, like the adult population, children may enter hospice for a variety of conditions, including AIDS, prematurity, congenital disorder, cerebral palsy, cystic fibrosis or " death inducing trauma ", such as	as	ADP	automobile	NOUN	 automobile
" Guevara then denounced the United States policy towards their black population, stating: Those who kill their own children and discriminate daily against them because of the color of their skin; those who let the murderers of blacks remain free, protecting them, and furthermore punishing	punishing	VERB	the	DET	 the
He has been signed to WWE, as an ambassador and occasional non wrestling performer, since December 2010. Michaels wrestled consistently for WWE, formerly the World Wrestling Federation (WWF), from 1988 until his first retirement in 1998. He held non wrestling roles from	from	ADP	1998	NUM	 1998
The compilation was instigated by EMI's US counterpart, Capitol Records, a company with which Harrison had grown disaffected since August 1971, due to what author Alan Clayson describes as its " avaricious dithering " over the release of the Concert for Bangladesh album. In a	a	DET	final	ADJ	 final
From this association he turns Orion into a representative of the old mead drinking cultures, overcome by the wine masters Oenopion and Oeneus. (The Greek for " wine " is oinos.) Fontenrose cites a source stating that Oenopion taught the Chians how to make wine	wine	NOUN	before	SCONJ	 before
According to a psychologist quoted by the Daily Telegraph, since Bo Xilai assumed power, " depression, burn out and suicides have all risen among officials... Officials now make up the largest share of patients [seeking] counselling in the city. " In late 2009	2009	NUM	,	PUNCT	,
Oxford's coaches were H. R. Barker (who rowed for the Dark Blues in the 1908 and 1909 races), G. C. Bourne (who had rowed for the university in the 1882 and 1883 races), and Harcourt Gilbey Gold (Dark Blue president for the	the	DET	1900	NUM	 1900
It is the first segment of the twenty third episode for the entire series. The episode was written by Peter Gaffney and directed by Howard E. Baker. It was originally broadcast on November 8, 1992. " Reptar on Ice " followed the infant main characters,	,	PUNCT	Tommy	PROPN	 Tommy
Following the war, three visitations reformed the University of Oxford in the Parliamentarians ' preferred style, including purging Brasenose of its remaining loyalists. Sir William Petty, a former student, was among those promoted to fellow of the college. Samuel Radcliffe, Principal, was	was	AUX	to	PART	 to
CSG NextGen was introduced for international markets, with support for multiple languages. In March 2014, CSG added a cybersecurity suite to its product portfolio, under the name CSG Invotas. In November 2015 the Invotas unit was spun off into a separate entity. Invotas was	was	AUX	acquired	VERB	 acquired
The couple had one known son, Romanos. According to the 11th century chronicler George Kedrenos, he was castrated in 945, but later became a sebastophoros. Stephen and Constantine Lekapenos came to the fore in 943, when they opposed a dynastic marriage for their nephew	nephew	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
During an FA Cup tie away against Swindon Town on 23 November, Friday began to have trouble breathing and despite leaving the game for five minutes to recuperate with an inhaler was eventually forced to come off for good, coughing violently. After recovering from what was reported	reported	VERB	to	PART	 to
After initially moving to the southeast, the system later turned to the southwest and gradually intensified. Given the name Firinga, the system intensified into a moderate tropical storm on January 26. Two days later, the JTWC upgraded the storm to the equivalent of a minimal	minimal	ADJ	hurricane	NOUN	 hurricane
However, by the early afternoon the flanking Scots had been pushed back while the Australians had failed to make further gains and were withdrawing due to enfilade gunfire on the flanks. Braithwaite, warned by his battalion commanders that capturing the Blue Line was impossible, twice pushed	pushed	VERB	Russell	PROPN	 Russell
Bruce instituted a comprehensive programme of work, involving meteorological readings, trawling for marine samples, botanical excursions, and the collection of biological and geological specimens. The major task completed during this time was the construction of a stone building, christened " Omond House ",	,	PUNCT	after	ADP	 after
I Am... Sasha Fierce and its singles earned Beyoncé seven Grammy Award nominations, including Album of the Year. She won a record setting 6 Grammy awards out of the seven, plus an award for her rendition of the classic Etta James song " At Last "	"	PUNCT	,	PUNCT	,
The 16 calibre 64 pounder gun weighed 3.2 long tons (3.3 t) and fired a 6.3 inch (160 mm), 64 pound (29.0 kg) shell that had a muzzle velocity of 1,125 ft / s (343 m / s). In 1878	1878	NUM	Audacious	ADJ	 Audacious
RPGLand's Hindman lauded the music as " gorgeously crafted ", appreciating the lack of electronic or synthesized songs, and Gigazine named it " magnificent ". Nintendo Gamer's Castle lauded the music, favorably comparing it to film soundtracks. Within three days of release,	,	PUNCT	Ni	PROPN	 Ni
The music video for " Hit ' Em Up " was filmed in a warehouse off Slauson Avenue near Fox Hills Mall in Los Angeles in May 1996. It was filmed by the production company Look Hear Productions. Shakur raps in a white room with The Outlawz,	,	PUNCT	as	ADV	 as
The Greystone campus is situated in and around the Greystone Cellars building, which William Bowers Bourn II conceived as a business concept. His father, William Bowers Bourn Sr., was wealthy from ownership of the gold mine the Empire Mine, as well as co ownership	ownership	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
The junction with the A13 has been built to enable the North Circular to be continued across the junction to the Thames Gateway Bridge if and when it is built. Proposals for a route avoiding Central London had been in place since the early 20th century due to increasing	increasing	VERB	levels	NOUN	 levels
She was partially disarmed in 1931 and converted into an accommodation hulk; by 1939 her propellers had been removed. The famous underwater explorer Jacques Cousteau began diving while stationed aboard the ship in 1936. In April 1941, the ship was towed to sea to evaluate the	the	DET	propellant	NOUN	 propellant
— — (1967), " A characterization of maximal ideals ", Journal d'Analyse Mathématique 19: 171 – 172, doi: 10.1007 / bf02788714, MR 0213878. — — (1971), " Weight polynomials of self dual codes and the MacWilliams identities "	"	PUNCT	,	PUNCT	,
In preparation, she interacted with senior officials of Mumbai's crime branch, and learned the Israeli self defense technique of Krav Maga. Rajeev Masand found Mukerji to be the prime asset of the film, adding that by " investing Shivani with both physical strength and emotional	emotional	ADJ	courage	NOUN	 courage
The town is built on weak sand and clay rock which in most places along the Dorset coast, except for narrow bands at Lulworth Cove, Swanage and Durdle Door, has been eroded and transported away. This weak rock has been protected at Weymouth by Chesil Beach	Beach	PROPN	and	CCONJ	 and
As the power of the Choctaws diminished, Favre became less important as an interpreter, and more important as a facilitator of the political changes occurring along the Gulf Coast. Once the Louisiana Purchase was concluded between France and the United States, American settlers from both inside	inside	ADV	and	CCONJ	 and
Instead, to Yankovic's surprise, the song has become a fan favorite. " My Baby's in Love with Eddie Vedder " is a style parody of zydeco about a man's frustration that his girlfriend is obsessed with Eddie Vedder, the lead singer for the	the	DET	grunge	NOUN	 grunge
Their body weight averages 300 g (11 oz). At around 300 mm (12 in), their bushy and long tail is longer than their head body length, which averages 233 mm (9.2 in). Their forelimbs are shorter than the hind limbs	limbs	NOUN	(	PUNCT	 (
King John expanded the castle in the years before the First Barons ' War of 1215 to 1217, but this work was concentrated on constructing a new hall and chamber, at the cost of £200. During the war, the rebel barons, supported by Prince	Prince	PROPN	Louis	PROPN	 Louis
This may be enjoyable for people who like puzzles and long gameplay, but it is aggravating for more action oriented players. " The game's large arsenal of weapons was highly praised, as GameSpot reviewer James Mielke remarked that the Cerebral Bore is " possibly the grossest	grossest	ADJ	weapon	NOUN	 weapon
In exotic materials like Bose – Einstein condensates near absolute zero, the effective speed of light may be only a few metres per second. However, this represents absorption and re radiation delay between atoms, as do all slower than c speeds in material substances. As	As	ADP	an	DET	 an
Most involved voluntary citizen participation in all phases, including the long term management and care of the sites. In late 2012, the city completed the East Lents Floodplain Project, which restored 70 acres (28 ha) of the natural floodplain to a low lying area	area	NOUN	along	ADP	 along
The deck between the towers consists of 19 pre built steel sections, each 36 meters (118 ft) long and 2.6 meters (8 ft 6 in) tall. They are connected to the main suspended cable, which is 360 millimeters (14 in) thick	thick	ADJ	and	CCONJ	 and
" I'll be back as soon as possible, " Blancornelas said to the reporters as he entered his home. He also thanked the media for covering his assassination attempt. The Blancornelas family erected a huge brick wall in their one story house to increase their security	security	NOUN	measures	NOUN	 measures
It portrays Jackson traveling through the city at night to meet her boyfriend, interacting with the various people she encounters along the way. Jackson commented that the video was simple, and there was not a major production for wardrobe, hair and makeup. Explaining its concept	concept	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
During his years abroad he converted from Calvinism to Roman Catholicism. During his education, he became active in university politics, and in 1563 he was elected the rector of the law department. Around that time he also wrote De senatu Romano, a brochure about Ancient	Ancient	PROPN	Rome	PROPN	 Rome
Bouquet had auditioned for the role of Holly Goodhead in Moonraker, but was unsuccessful. Julian Glover as Aristotle Kristatos: Initially shown as an ally, later as the main villain. A smuggler planning to expand his fortune by selling the ATAC to the KGB. Glover	Glover	PROPN	had	AUX	 had
This fortification was not part of the " chain of forts " organized by George Washington for the defense of settlers against Native American raids in the South Branch Potomac and Cacapon River valleys. Caudy also served as a drummer in Maryland frontiersman Michael Cresap's militia. Caudy	Caudy	PROPN	hosted	VERB	 hosted
" It filled me with wonder because of its cinematographic writing... if I could have seen it twice in a row and again the next day, I would have done. " Elsewhere Bresson said he also loved the film's ski chase. Opinion on For Your	Your	PRON	Eyes	NOUN	 Eyes
Fields and Hunter claimed to represent an additional 23 other tribes and promised to provide 400 warriors. In recognition of the agreement, above the Old Stone Fort flew a new flag containing two stripes – one red, one white – representing the two races. Inscribed on	on	ADP	the	DET	 the
The squad leaders started to break up the weapons that the platoon could not take out with them. At this time they discovered Brown was dead. Vandygriff told his troops not to remove the identification tags from the dead they would be leaving behind, as the tags	tags	NOUN	would	AUX	 would
The pack was accidentally revealed on February 21, 2011 by the addition of three new achievements in a patch for the PlayStation 3 version of Mass Effect 2. BioWare later stated that the addition of the achievements was intentional, but assumed they would be " invisible "	"	PUNCT	.	PUNCT	.
The same year they travelled to Italy where they continued their honeymoon in Ravello and Amalfi. The small oil on canvas work Interior. Marie Krøyer painting. Ravello shows Marie painting while they were there. They also visited the artist Kristian Zahrtmann who spent his summers in	in	ADP	the	DET	 the
A slightly later edition of Froissart's Chronicles, dated to around 1480, contains a miniature of the event, " Fire at a Masked Dance ", also attributed to an unidentified early Netherlandish painter known as the Master of the Getty Froissart. The 15th century Gruuthuse	Gruuthuse	PROPN	manuscript	NOUN	 manuscript
While working there, she completed a degree in social work and pedagogy. In Frankfurt she met and married a white German man named Alexander. Her family and his attended the wedding, but several incidents illustrated once again how German society treated her as " invisible "	"	PUNCT	.	PUNCT	.
Biographers Richard Spence and Tobias Churton have suggested that Crowley joined the Order under the command of the British secret services to monitor the activities of Mathers, who was known to be a Carlist. Crowley moved into his own luxury flat at 67 – 69 Chancery Lane and	and	CCONJ	soon	ADV	 soon
The northern mockingbird and brown thrasher are among the 160 bird species that live in the state. Reptiles and amphibians include the eastern diamondback, copperhead, and cottonmouth, salamanders, frogs, alligators and toads. There are about 79 species of reptile and 63 amphibians known	known	VERB	to	PART	 to
He established himself as a keyboard composer, performer, and teacher of piano and organ. The first compositions to which he assigned opus numbers were chamber music. In 1891 he composed his Op. 4, a collection of songs. The first, " Gebet "	"	PUNCT	(	PUNCT	 (
Because of the variability in growth habit that this coral exhibits, it has been the subject of much confusion as to its taxonomy, being described under a number of different names from different localities. In 1898, Hickson decided that the variations in morphology were due to	to	ADP	environmental	ADJ	 environmental
These concerts were so popular that a second series was quickly arranged; Messiah figured in neither series. In early March Handel began discussions with the appropriate committees for a charity concert, to be given in April, at which he intended to present Messiah. He sought	sought	VERB	and	CCONJ	 and
Although Sec. Delano supported and defined Grant's Indian peace policy and was instrumental in the creation of the San Carlos Apache Indian Reservation in 1872, he was not a reformer and was careless in his administration of the Department of the Interior. The previous Grant appointment	appointment	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
The Chief is found by a UNSC rescue team and is taken back to Infinity, where he, mourning the loss of Cortana, talks with Lasky about Earth, humanity, and what his duty as a soldier means. In a post credits cutscene, UNSC forces	forces	NOUN	descend	VERB	 descend
Kingda Ka closed at the start of the 2014 season in order construct Zumanjaro: Drop of Doom on to Kingda Ka. Kingda Ka reopened on weekends on Memorial Day Weekend and fully reopened when Zumanjaro: Drop of Doom was completed on July 4, 2014. Kingda	Kingda	PROPN	Ka	PROPN	 Ka
It received general praise for its graphics, sound, difficulty, and arcade style gameplay. Criticisms include the presence of unlimited continues, which allow players to restart the game right where they previously left off while retaining all items that were collected before. Retro Gamer called	called	VERB	Wizards	PROPN	 Wizards
This conversion had been proposed and planned since the 1990s. The Indiana Department of Transportation pledged $1 million for the project to build a ramp to the Big Four Bridge on the Indiana side, on Riverside Drive, and Jeffersonville pledged $200,000; early estimates were	were	AUX	that	SCONJ	 that
Education and culture are also key components for the Youth edition. Not only does the education / culture aspect apply to athletes and participants, but also youth around the world and inhabitants of the host city and surrounding regions. To this end a Culture and Education Program	Program	PROPN	(	PUNCT	 (
He and Victor Trumper shared a partnership of 298 in 69 minutes, and Monty Noble helped him to score 50 runs in 9 minutes as the Australian team scored 922 for nine. In March 1914, the Otago Cricket Association (OCA) offered Crawford a three year	year	NOUN	contract	NOUN	 contract
By 1941 he had described at least 2,000 species, and by 1957 had described a total of 4,225 new species, 742 new genera, 28 new families, and 12 orders. Chamberlin's taxonomic publications continued to appear until at least 1966. Chamberlin ranks among the	the	DET	most	ADV	 most
They invoked their rematch clause against Cade and Murdoch at Vengeance: Night of Champions, but were unsuccessful. On the July 6, 2007 episode of SmackDown!, Hardy won a non title match against United States Champion Montel Vontavious Porter (MVP), which resulted	resulted	VERB	in	ADP	 in
This is why Tim LaHaye, co author of the best selling series of end times books, could lend such strong support to the American invasion and occupation of Iraq. By virtue of that war, LaHaye believed, Iraq would become " a focal point of end	end	NOUN	times	NOUN	 times
Michael later said that " it marked the beginning of an all too brief closeness between us ". Sellers admitted to his son that " he hated so many things he had done ", including leaving his first wife, Anne, and his infatuation with Sophia Loren	Loren	PROPN	.	PUNCT	.
Unlike most diurnal primates, but like all strepsirhine primates, the ring tailed lemur has a tapetum lucidum, or reflective layer behind the retina of the eye, that enhances night vision. The tapetum is highly visible in this species because the pigmentation of the ocular fundus	fundus	NOUN	(	PUNCT	 (
Miramax announced in mid 2004 that a production of The Wall was to appear on Broadway with Waters playing a prominent role in the creative direction. Reports stated that the musical contained not only the original tracks from The Wall, but also songs from Dark Side of the	the	DET	Moon	PROPN	 Moon
It was not until a post storm assessment that the Bureau of Meteorology found Narelle to have been a weaker system at its peak. At the same time, the JTWC assessed the storm to have attained one minute sustained winds of 215 km / h (130 mph	mph	NOUN	)	PUNCT	)
Providence is located at the head of Narragansett Bay, with the Providence River running into the bay through the center of the city, formed by the confluence of the Moshassuck and Woonasquatucket Rivers. The Waterplace Park amphitheater and riverwalks line the river's banks through downtown.	.	PUNCT	Providence	PROPN	 Providence
" Lust is the desire for sexual pleasure alone, outside its intended purpose of procreation and the uniting of man and woman, body and soul, in mutual self donation. Masturbation is considered sinful for the same reasons as lust, but is a step above lust	lust	NOUN	in	SCONJ	 in
It has not always released all of its games in all major regions, and continues to selectively release games even today depending on multiple factors such as the viability of platforms or the condition of the game itself. The process of localization has changed during that time from	from	ADP	having	VERB	 having
The story of Lara's Shadow opens with the scene from the main game where Amanda rescues Lara from the doppelgänger by throwing her over the side of a cliff. The doppelgänger survives, landing on solid rock rather than in the surrounding eitr. When she regains consciousness	consciousness	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
Several works by Josquin fall loosely into this category, including the Missa Fortuna desperata, based on the three voice song Fortuna desperata (possibly by Antoine Busnois); the Missa Malheur me bat (based on a chanson variously ascribed to Obrecht, Ockeghem, or,	,	PUNCT	most	ADV	 most
One character explains that " the Court was founded on a union between technological and etheric design. " Another describes it as " man's endeavor to become god. " The court is built on the edge of a wide chasm, on the other side of which	which	PRON	lies	VERB	 lies
" According to Down Beat, the frantic burbles of congas on " Moja " and " Tatu " predated oldschool jungle by 20 years, while Spin magazine's Erik Davis found its anguished, ferocious music extremely impressive, especially when listened to loud. He contended that	that	SCONJ	the	DET	 the
His second came against Belarus in the semi final, qualifying Canada for the gold medal game. Playing the United States in the final, Kariya scored Canada's first goal of the game, tying the score at 1 – 1 in the first period. Canada went	went	VERB	on	ADP	 on
Both are common starting points for climbing Nethermost Pike or other fells in the Helvellyn range. The best ascents from the east is the east ridge, reached either from the path to Eagle Crag Mine, or via Ruthwaite Lodge and Hard Tarn. There are no settlements	settlements	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
The film, although set during the Guadalcanal Campaign in the Pacific Theater during World War II, was not a war film, but instead focused on the impact of command. Cagney Productions, which shared the production credit with Robert Montgomery's company, made a brief	brief	ADJ	return	NOUN	 return
Warren was considered to be a man to man defense specialist who needed to develop his zone defense skills. Some sources, such as Todd McShay, who felt he was just a cut below the top five cornerbacks in the draft prior to the 2010 NFL Combine,	,	PUNCT	had	AUX	 had
While on tour, the band recorded a performance and released it with the name of Killadelphia. The release was made available as a DVD and a CD. The DVD was certified platinum by the Recording Industry Association of America in 2007. In 2006, a cover	cover	NOUN	version	NOUN	 version
Jocelyn Vena from MTV News asserted that the song showed a softer side to Gaga, as opposed to her previous singles from Born This Way. Willa Paskin from New York was impressed with the track, saying: " If the first two tracks off the forthcoming Born	Born	VERB	This	DET	 This
By the end of 1998, Comedy Central had sold more than $150 million worth of merchandise for the show, including T shirts and dolls. Over the next few years, Comedy Central's viewership spiked largely due to South Park, adding 3 million new subscribers	subscribers	NOUN	in	ADP	 in
Gerald formed in mid April near an upper level low, and recurved just east of Guam bringing the island heavy rainfall. Holly formed in the middle of the tropical Pacific ocean in late April, and dissipated far from land on May 7. Ike was the first	first	ADJ	system	NOUN	 system
The difference of opinion regarding political participation also marks the fundamental difference between the Tablighi Jamaat and Islamist movements. While the Islamists believe that the acquisition of political power is the absolute requirement for the establishment of an Islamic society, the Tablighi Jamaat believes that merely the political	political	ADJ	power	NOUN	 power
' ". She added that " [Ferris fits] perfectly into the ' Supernatural ' world because [she understands] that on this show, restraint is everything. It's not necessarily just about what the characters say or do, it's about what they	they	PRON	do	AUX	 do
In response, members of the Assembly, many of whom would later become Patriot supporters, convened the First North Carolina Provincial Congress in August 1774. Nash and his brother, Abner, were both elected to that body, along with 69 other North Carolinians, which	which	PRON	then	ADV	 then
However, according to more recent research, it was not performed at all that day, but rather Part IV of the Christmas Oratorio. The cantata is scored festively for three vocal soloists (soprano (S), tenor (T), and bass (B	B	NOUN	)	PUNCT	)
Evans and Stephenson subsequently exchanged allegations of sexual impropriety. Police charged Stephenson with the kidnapping, rape and murder of a young woman; he maintained that the charges were orchestrated by Evans. After a sensational trial, Stephenson was convicted of second degree murder and given a	a	DET	life	NOUN	 life
India's batsmen bounced back in the second innings with a total of 505 with all the top five batsmen passing fifty and Rahul Dravid and Tendulkar scoring centuries. Anil Kumble's ten wicket match haul at Kanpur enabled India to win the second Test match. The Third	Third	PROPN	Test	PROPN	 Test
Two drivers in non manufacturer cars, Gardemeister and Kopecký, finished in seventh and eighth place to receive drivers points. As a consequence of the final positions, Loeb started the season leading in the World Rally Championship for Drivers with ten points. Sordo was second with	with	ADP	eight	NUM	 eight
In the end, however, he never took up the job in Houston. After staying in New York for a few months, the call of the West proved too strong and eventually he ended up hitchhiking across the country, first to Seattle and then to Montana	Montana	PROPN	(	PUNCT	 (
He proposed a bill that would end the practice, common at the time, of executive departments spending beyond what they had been appropriated, then petitioning Congress to retroactively approve the spending with a supplemental appropriation; the legislation passed and became law. The supplemental appropriations were	were	AUX	typically	ADV	 typically
The Highland Clearances of the 19th century destroyed communities throughout the Highlands and Islands as the human populations were evicted and replaced with sheep farms. For example, Colonel Gordon of Cluny, owner of Barra, South Uist and Benbecula evicted thousands of islanders using trickery and cruelty	cruelty	NOUN	and	CCONJ	 and
She is guarded about her personal life, which is a subject of media scrutiny. Her background has also been a topic of discussion, with some sources accusing her of fabricating her history. Katrina Kaif was born in Hong Kong with her mother's surname Turquotte (	(	PUNCT	also	ADV	also
Local customs in the past included marriage ceremonies at the Odin Stone that formed part of the Stones of Stenness. King Lot in certain versions of the Arthurian legend (e.g., Malory) is ruler of Orkney. His sons Gawaine, Agravaine, Gareth, and Gaheris	Gaheris	PROPN	are	AUX	 are
A Dance with Dragons reached the top of The New York Times bestseller list on July 31, 2011. Unlike most other big titles, the fifth volume sold more physical than digital copies early on, but nevertheless, Martin became the tenth author to sell 1 million	million	NUM	Amazon	PROPN	 Amazon
Robert Shearman and Lars Pearson, in their book Wanting to Believe: A Critical Guide to The X Files, Millennium & The Lone Gunmen, rated the episode two stars out of five. Despite calling the episode " different ", the two wrote that the story	story	NOUN	involving	VERB	 involving
The Edict of Milan included several clauses which stated that all confiscated churches would be returned as well as other provisions for previously persecuted Christians. Scholars debate whether Constantine adopted his mother St. Helena's Christianity in his youth, or whether he adopted it gradually over the course	course	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
Hurricane Arlene originated out of an area of low pressure associated with a decaying frontal system along the North Carolina coastline on August 8. Tracking towards the southeast in a gradual anticyclonic loop, the system slowly increased in organization and intensity. By August 10, the low	low	NOUN	neared	VERB	 neared
Much of the indignation focused on Bushnell as the only statewide official linked with the insurgents. Meetings were held across the state and petitions circulated, for the most part supporting Hanna and denouncing Bushnell, Kurtz, and McKisson. Croly described the scene in the days leading	leading	VERB	up	ADP	 up
It passes beneath Wynford Drive and two railways (the CPR Midtown line and the CNR / Richmond Hill GO line) before reaching Lawrence Avenue East, one of the few remaining cloverleaf interchanges in Ontario. This area, known as Milne Hollow, is partially forested,	,	PUNCT	some	PRON	 some
The program was created by Liz Gateley and documented the lives of several students attending Laguna Beach High School as they completed secondary education. The series proved among the network's most successful programming, though the entire original cast left after the second season and were replaced by	by	ADP	another	DET	 another
Leno, his mother, stepfather and brother Henry moved north and settled in Liverpool, where they performed in various halls and theatres, including the Star Music Hall, but they often returned to London to perform in the capital's music halls. In 1865, Leno	Leno	PROPN	and	CCONJ	 and
Brandenburg and Wörth were put into reserve, joining the Siegfried class ships. Brandenburg's other sisters, Kurfürst Friedrich Wilhelm and Weissenburg, were sold to the Ottoman Empire in 1910. At the outbreak of World War I, Brandenburg was brought out from the " moth	moth	PROPN	ball	NOUN	 ball
Upon the release of Memoirs of an Imperfect Angel, " Betcha Gon ' Know (The Prologue) " debuted and peaked at number 66 on the US Hot Digital Songs chart on October 17, 2009. The song spent two weeks on the chart in total.	.	PUNCT	It	PRON	 It
The first single from the album, " Three Little Birds ", was released in June 2008, and a video for the song was shot in Jamaica. In April and May 2008, Talbot toured Asia to promote Over the Rainbow. Asian press attributed her success	success	NOUN	to	ADP	 to
Even critics were not given private screenings but rather had to see the film with the general public, which, despite possibly affecting their reviews, certainly preserved the secret. The film's original trailer features a jovial Hitchcock taking the viewer on a tour of the set	set	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
It is typified by a heavy use of aggressive vocals, distorted electric guitars, bass guitar, drums, and often accompanied with pianos and keyboards. Hard rock developed into a major form of popular music in the 1970s, with bands such as Led Zeppelin, The	The	DET	Who	PRON	 Who
Released along with Final Mix, Kingdom Hearts -Another Report- was a hardback book which includes game information, visuals by Shiro Amano, and a director interview. In North America, BradyGames published two strategy guides — a standard guide and a limited edition version. The latter	latter	ADJ	version	NOUN	 version
" Although usually called " Jacobean embroidery " by modern stitchers, crewel has its origins in the reign of James I but remained popular through the reign of Queen Anne and into the early 18th century, when a return to the simpler forms of the earliest work became	became	VERB	fashionable	ADJ	 fashionable
Following the First Transjordan and the Second Transjordan attacks in March – April and April – May 1918, by the Egyptian Expeditionary Force (EEF), which had been responsible for the Sinai and Palestine Campaign since March 1916, its commander General Edmund Allenby ordered the occupation	occupation	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
With the Gregorian missionaries, a third strand of Christian practice was added to the British Isles, to combine with the Gaulish and the Hiberno British strands already present. Although it is often suggested that the Gregorian missionaries introduced the Rule of Saint Benedict into England, there	there	PRON	is	VERB	 is
The one way pair carries two lanes in each direction. DE 48 continues into downtown Wilmington, where it crosses under a viaduct carrying I 95 / US 202, with ramp connections to and from the southbound direction of I 95 / US 202 via Jackson Street,	,	PUNCT	which	PRON	 which
It boasts no ballets and no hot hoofing. It has no chorus in the conventional sense. Every one in it plays a part. It is likely to establish a new trend in musicals. " The review continued: " Every number is so outstanding that it	it	PRON	is	AUX	 is
A letter to Tazewell at this time called Jackson the " tyrant usurper " and feared a civil war would be the result. When Floyd learned that Clay was willing to compromise on the tariff and that South Carolina would submit her issues to a " convention of the	the	DET	states	NOUN	 states
Admirals Stepan Makarov and Vladimir Verkhovsky advised against the use of weapons of two different sizes (as this caused problems with fire control and direction), and against using the obsolete 1877 guns. The MTK did just the opposite, dropping the modern Armstrong guns in favor	favor	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
The book featured large amounts of profanity and, as the title suggests, includes multiple dirty jokes (there is one at the start of each chapter) and references to beer. The book was featured on The New York Times bestseller list for three months. He	He	PRON	adopted	VERB	 adopted
These were only allowed to be offloaded onto lighters, and not directly to the quayside. Unloading of Fort Stikine began with the lubricating oil, followed by the fish manure. An extra gang of stevedores were employed on this task, which continued through the night of	of	ADP	13	NUM	 13
It occurs below the level of injury, possibly as a result of inflammation, and happens to a clinically significant extent in 27% of people. People with SCI are at especially high risk for respiratory and cardiovascular problems, so hospital staff must be watchful to avoid	avoid	VERB	them	PRON	 them
November 7, 1920 at Dunn Field Coming off their first loss, the Bulldogs faced the Cleveland Tigers in week seven. Neither team scored in the first quarter, but the Bulldogs ran for two touchdowns in the second. Calac and Grigg had 6- and 15 yard	yard	NOUN	rushing	NOUN	 rushing
In 1929 the Ship Canal Company acquired Dumplington Estates, and in return gave the Estates Company land to the south of Barton, the Trafford Park Extension. The Canal Company recognised the potential for a new dock on the land, giving the area its name of Barton	Barton	PROPN	Dock	PROPN	 Dock
850 is proposed, suggest a very different dating for ninth century Northumbrian kings. From this, it is argued that Eardwulf's second reign ended circa 830, rather than in the years soon after 810, and that the reigns of subsequent kings should be re dated	dated	VERB	accordingly	ADV	 accordingly
Shortly after, the hurricane moved westward into a more favorable environment and began to intensify more quickly, reaching Category 4 strength on August 10. It maintained that intensity for three days as it moved almost due west. Dora weakened to Category 1 strength as it entered	entered	VERB	the	DET	 the
It was not until the voyage of Henry Hudson, an Englishman who worked for the Dutch East India Company, that the area was mapped. Hudson came across Manhattan Island and the native people living there in 1609, and continued up the river that would later bear	bear	VERB	his	PRON	 his
, with a score by Frank Loesser. Among the backers of Where's Charley? were Rodgers and Hammerstein, which helped secure additional investment. The show was a hit and helped establish Feuer and Martin on Broadway — they would go on to produce Guys and Dolls	Dolls	PROPN	.	PUNCT	.
When Phil tried to make excuses for what he had done, Toyah did not feel any pity and told him to plead guilty, which he agreed to do. Toyah left the prison feeling " tearful, but triumphant " and Taylor commented that while she would never	never	ADV	fully	ADV	 fully
It seems that anyone can become a tutor. [...] Homer's fellow tutors are drunks, incompetents and down and outs, adult education is therefore presented as an amateur business staffed by the dregs of society. " The writers of the book thought the whole	whole	ADJ	idea	NOUN	 idea
The game's director, Motomu Toriyama, wanted the game's soundtrack to have more variety than that of the music in Final Fantasy XIII, as well as feature more styles. As a result, the game had three composers rather than just Hamauzu. Toriyama also	also	ADV	wished	VERB	 wished
Adults are readily distinguished, since the Daurian has a pied plumage, but immature birds are much more similar, both species having dark plumage and dark eyes. The Daurian tends to be darker, with a less contrasting nape than the Western. Western jackdaws are voluble	voluble	ADJ	birds	NOUN	 birds
Sir Eubule Thelwall, principal from 1621 to 1630, built the lodgings at his own expense, to include (in the words of the antiquarian Anthony Wood) " a very fair dining room adorned with wainscot curiously engraven ". Tyack said that " the carved wooden	wooden	ADJ	panelling	NOUN	 panelling
Although the team were defeated in the second leg, Arsenal won 6 – 3 on aggregate. Quarter finals Against Werder Bremen, Arsenal won the first leg 2 – 0 with goals from Henry and Ljungberg. Parlour scored a hat trick in the return leg – the	the	DET	first	ADJ	 first
Those who believe it is satirical point to the way Lucius is pushed to undergo several initiations, each requiring a fee, despite having little money. Although many of the scholars who have tried to analyze the mysteries based on the book have assumed it is serious,	,	PUNCT	the	DET	 the
The single reached the German commercial charts. At the band's penultimate concert on 13 November 2004, Ron Hitler Barassi delivered a diatribe saying that the band had " lost the election " and made references to Guy Sebastian winning the year's season of Australian Idol.	.	PUNCT	This	DET	 This
His analysis of bureaucracy emphasised that modern state institutions are increasingly based on rational legal authority. Weber also made a variety of other contributions in economic history, as well as economic theory and methodology. Weber's analysis of modernity and rationalisation significantly influenced the critical theory associated	associated	VERB	with	ADP	 with
Below the Moesgård Museum in the southern parts of the Marselisborg Forests, is a large historical landscape of pastures and woodlands, presenting different eras of Denmark's prehistory. Sections of the forest comprise trees and vegetation representing specific climatic epochs from the last Ice Age to the	the	DET	present	NOUN	 present
The inflorescences are cream or yellow, and occur in domed heads 4 to 5 cm (1 1 ⁄ 2 to 2 in) wide, situated at the end of a stem. Each head contains from 55 to 125 individual flowers, surrounded at the base by	by	ADP	a	DET	 a
Obsidian put much work into the game's graphics, including the appearances of non player characters, and they also increased the sizes of areas. Knights of the Old Republic II's lead artist was Aaron Meyers; he decided which people would join the art team after	after	ADP	looking	VERB	 looking
Aragorn's outcry when he finds the sapling of the White Tree.) utúvie lye s, " You have found it / him / her ". utúvie lye t, " You have found them ". It is debated whether certain attested special male and female	female	ADJ	pronouns	NOUN	 pronouns
After working a short time in a cattle feed mill, Bormann became estate manager of a large farm in Mecklenburg. Shortly after starting work at the estate, Bormann joined an antisemitic landowners association. While hyperinflation in the Weimar Republic meant that money was worthless, foodstuffs	foodstuffs	NOUN	stored	VERB	 stored
" He also criticized the rest of the main cast, though he did approve of the guest and supporting cast members, and he criticized the series ' use of minor comic book characters and concepts, singling out the costume design for Deathlok as " horrid " and	and	CCONJ	not	PART	 not
This included three appearances in the 2010 – 11 League Two play offs following Stevenage's sixth placed finish. Following a 3 – 0 aggregate victory over Accrington Stanley, Stevenage earned promotion to League One after a 1 – 0 win against Torquay United at Old Trafford on	on	ADP	28	NUM	 28
Muraviev's forces were to attack the Jerozolimskie Gate, while the remaining forces continued with their diversionary attacks of the previous day. When artillery fire was restarted around 13: 30, the Russian soldiers were not yet ready for the attack. The previous night had been	been	AUX	very	ADV	 very
In France, the National Convention commended Nielly on his victory and the captured ship was repaired and taken into the French Navy, joining the Atlantic Fleet. It was however a poor sailor and in June 1795 was with the French fleet that participated in Cornwallis's Retreat	Retreat	PROPN	and	CCONJ	 and
The tollway authority put the total cost of 17.7 miles (28.5 km) of new pavement at $450 million (equivalent to $1.25 billion in 2015). Of the total cost, $325 million (equivalent to $904 million in 2015) was allocated	allocated	VERB	for	ADP	 for
A funnel cloud drops from the sky, taking Din into its dark heights. As the tornado dissipates, the seasons of Holodrum fall into disarray and change rapidly. Din's attendant, Impa, tells Link that they were headed for Hyrule; she instructs him to	to	PART	see	VERB	 see
This is a reference to the 1991 thriller film The Silence of the Lambs in which serial killer " Buffalo Bill " kidnaps his victims by asking them for help loading something heavy into his van, and then knocking them out in a surprise attack from behind. Jenna	Jenna	PROPN	tells	VERB	 tells
While studying he was involved in the students ' branch of Noregs Mållag. He came also under the influence of the revolutionary group Mot Dag, though he was never a member. He graduated from university with a cand.jur. degree in 1932. Meisdalshagen became involved in	in	ADP	politics	NOUN	 politics
Itoi attributed the change in tone to his own growth and the character composition of the new development team. He said that he had not been changed by fans. Itoi always planned for the two brothers to fight each other, though he did not write the ending	ending	NOUN	until	SCONJ	 until
Some historians are not impressed. " Clearly ", comments Alex Woolf, " King Æthelstan was a man who had pretensions, " while in the view of Simon Keynes, " Æthelstan A " proclaimed his master king of Britain " by wishful extension ". But	But	CCONJ	according	VERB	 according
Principal photography ended in December, but additional filming, primarily in California at Los Angeles and Long Beach, continued into April 2011, leaving only three to four weeks for post production before the film's scheduled premiere in June. The tight schedule to meet the release	release	NOUN	date	NOUN	 date
Fossil theft is an ongoing problem. No mountain biking is allowed on monument land, although the Malheur National Forest east of Dayville has biking trails. Fishing is legal from monument lands along the John Day River for anyone with an Oregon fishing license. Rafting on the	the	DET	John	PROPN	 John
Phips returned to Boston in May 1689, carrying proclamations from the king and queen, and found Andros and Randolph had already been arrested in a revolt in Boston. Phips served for a time as an overseer guarding Andros and Randolph in the prison at Castle Island.	.	PUNCT	"	PUNCT	 "
Vital to the Norwegian effort to try to halt the German advance was assistance from the Allies, which Koht requested in the early hours of 9 April, although skeptical of the potential of Allied aid. When the rest of the government fled from Molde to Tromsø,	,	PUNCT	landing	VERB	 landing
The demand for labour was met by large scale immigration from Ireland, Poland, Lithuania and Wales. The town continues to be a major manufacturer of chemicals. Widnes and Hough Green railway stations are on the Liverpool to Manchester line. The main roads through the town	town	NOUN	are	AUX	 are
The Vigilance Committee of Alder Gulch organized in December 1863, and in the first six weeks of 1864 at least 20 road agents of the infamous Plummer gang, known as the " Innocents ", were captured and hanged by the organization. Formal territorial law reached Alder	Alder	PROPN	Gulch	PROPN	 Gulch
There were a number of abortive schemes to link the Bristol Channel to the English Channel by waterway in the 18th and early 19th centuries. These schemes followed the approximate route eventually taken by the Bridgwater and Taunton Canal, but the canal was instead built as part of	of	ADP	a	DET	 a
Tired of being both typecast and being passed over for lead Asian character roles in favor of non Asian actresses, Wong left Hollywood in 1928 for Europe. Interviewed by Doris Mackie for Film Weekly in 1933, Wong complained about her Hollywood roles: " I was so	so	ADV	tired	ADJ	 tired
On the April 11 Raw, McGillicutty, Otunga and Ryan returned and cost Orton a number one contender's match for the WWE Championship. Two weeks later, in the 2011 WWE Draft, Orton was drafted to SmackDown and beat Punk in a Last Man Standing Match	Match	PROPN	at	ADP	 at
Phineas and Ferb set out to convince the members of Love Händel - lead singer Danny, bassist Bobbi Fabulous, and drummer Swampy - to reform. Danny alone agrees immediately, with a song; the other two need convincing, through song as well. At the	the	DET	same	ADJ	 same
The style varied slightly by architect and location, but typically the cemeteries followed classical influences in buildings and monuments, sometimes adapted slightly to appeal to the style of a particular Dominion. The buildings at the cemeteries were important symbolically and formed a key part of these designs	designs	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
University of Michigan economist Joel Slemrod argues that states would face significant issues in enforcing the tax. " Even at an average rate of around five percent, state sales taxes are difficult to administer. " University of Virginia School of Law professor George Yin states that the	the	DET	FairTax	PROPN	 FairTax
Alarmed at the possibility of a Mahdist revival, the British ordered him to return to Omdurman in 1916. However, Abd al Rahman appointed agents in Blue Nile and Funj provinces and later in Kordofan and Darfur. Their ostensible role was to report on any illegal activity	activity	NOUN	and	CCONJ	 and
C SPAN's public service nature has been praised as an enduring contribution to national knowledge. In 1987, Andrew Rosenthal wrote for The New York Times about C SPAN's influence in political elections, arguing that C SPAN's " blanket coverage " had expanded television journalism	journalism	NOUN	"	PUNCT	 "
Several screens are located on behind the main stage with two showing close ups of the performers on the sides of the stage. The stage has video walls made of one hundred twelve MVP 18 and thirty seven MVP 37.5 modular video panels. Two screens are next to	to	ADP	the	DET	 the
Late that year, Barber's 1882 design was endorsed by Mint authorities, and 25 specimens were sent to Washington for routine approval by Treasury Secretary Charles J. Folger. To Snowden's surprise, Folger rejected the design. The secretary, on review of the coinage statutes	statutes	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
Pepler also found that from the railway station, the power station and the Cathedral could not be viewed simultaneously. The members of the inquiry initially concluded that the station should be given the go ahead, based on the grounds that a more suitable site could not be	be	AUX	decided	VERB	 decided
Berry responded: " I don't really see a reason to ever go that far again. That was a unique movie. That scene was special and pivotal and needed to be there, and it would be a really special script that would require something like that	that	PRON	again	ADV	 again
Their annual campaigns reached the walls of Constantinople and the Isthmus of Corinth. All subsequent attempts to confront the Bulgarian army at Katasyrtai, Aquae Calidae and Pegae ended in defeat. Despite his military supremacy over land, Simeon I was aware that he needed naval assistance in	in	ADP	order	NOUN	 order
Garth Lagerwey was hired from Real Salt Lake in January 2015 as the club's general manager and President of Soccer. Former MLS player and Everett, Washington native Chris Henderson was named technical director on January 24, 2009. Former Sounders defender Taylor Graham was hired as	as	ADP	the	DET	 the
Zap2it writer Rick Porter said the series, and " Time Capsule " in particular, accurately captures the details and flavors of the local governments and the public in small towns, even if they exaggerate them. Porter praised the pairing of Chris and Andy and said the	the	DET	two	NUM	 two
I would like to at this stage place on record the board's great appreciation of Mr Shankly's magnificent achievements over the period of his managership ". But Shankly soon regretted his decision and tried to continue his involvement with the club, mainly by turning up for	for	ADP	team	NOUN	 team
This resulted in a base height of 16.4 metres (54 ft); a new summit shrine was built upon this, possessing three vaulted rooms and an elaborate roof comb. This construction phase took place around the same time that Temple V was built, the first	first	ADJ	of	ADP	 of
The church has a 15th century tower (rebuilt in 1804) which originally contained four bells cast in 1724. Two were replaced by Thomas Lester of London in 1742; but in 1880 a new set of eight bells were cast and installed by the Croydon based firm	firm	NOUN	Gillett	PROPN	 Gillett
Broadened community support of public redevelopment of the High Line for pedestrian use grew, and in 2004, the New York City government committed $50 million to establish the proposed park. New York Mayor Michael Bloomberg and City Council Speakers Gifford Miller and Christine C. Quinn were	were	AUX	important	ADJ	 important
The offensive was to be conducted by Leningrad Front's 67th Army and Volkhov Front's 2nd Shock Army commanded by Major General M.P. Dukhanov and Lieutenant General V.Z. Romanovsky respectively. The 8th Army, commanded by Lieutenant General F.N. Starikov, was to conduct a limited offensive on	on	ADP	the	DET	 the
Grier discussed the novels, answering the question of who among lesbian paperback authors should be highlighted: " Ann Bannon. Without even a discussion... In terms of actual influence, sales, everything, Bannon. " Bannon did not outwardly advertise the fact that the books	books	NOUN	had	AUX	 had
One specific dialogue scene featuring Mulder and Scully stranded on a small rock was praised by critics and included approximately 10 pages of dialogue. Series co star Gillian Anderson later recalled that she " loved " the scene. In Millikan County, Georgia, biologists Paul Farraday and	and	CCONJ	William	PROPN	 William
Tokiwa was reassigned to the Training Squadron on 10 August 1918 and returned home to prepare for her next training cruise, together with Azuma, that began on 1 March 1919 for South Asia and Australia and again on 24 November 1919, also with Azuma, for Singapore	Singapore	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
Midway between the two locations in Seward, NY 10 intersects NY 165, a connector leading to Cooperstown via NY 166 and Otsego County's County Route 52 (CR 52). In Sharon Springs, a village situated in northwest Schoharie County, NY 10 intersects US	US	PROPN	20	NUM	 20
His abilities and powers begin and end with masticating, defecating, and regular napping. You know, just like a real dog. Consequently, episodes devoted to Santa ’ s Little Helper tend to be a little on the sleepy side, even the Simpsons Christmas special	special	NOUN	that	PRON	 that
" One of the last controversies of the writer scorer era was seen in a 1978 game at St. Louis. In that game, St. Louis pitcher Bob Forsch was pitching a no hitter in the 8th inning against Philadelphia when a hard ground ball hit into the hole	hole	NOUN	between	ADP	 between
The first release was the Gladys Knight & the Pips version on September 28, 1967 on Motown's Soul label, with " It ’ s Time to Go Now " on the B side. Motown put little support behind it and the Pips relied on connections with	with	ADP	DJs	NOUN	 DJs
The Boston Globe's Ty Burr wrote, " What ’ s missing from this Superman saga is a sense of lightness, of pop joy ". The Washington Post's Ann Hornaday stated that with " Hans Zimmer ’ s turgid, over produced score ", the	the	DET	film	NOUN	 film
" During the dance, she attacks him with witty sarcasm and Darcy responds in kind. At the same ball, Charlotte expresses concern to Elizabeth that Jane's behaviour to Mr. Bingley is too reserved and that Bingley may not realise she loves him. The next day	day	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
Solomon returned to Constantinople. Germanus was successful in winning the confidence of many soldiers, re establishing discipline and defeating the mutineers at the Battle of Scalas Veteres in 537. With imperial control over the army restored, Solomon was sent back to Africa to replace Germanus in	in	ADP	539	NUM	 539
Furthermore, while G has virtually no effect at audio frequency, it can cause noticeable losses at high frequency with many of the dielectric materials used in cables due to a high loss tangent. Avoiding the losses caused by G is the reason many cables designed for use	use	NOUN	at	ADP	 at
Before the completion of I 69 near Marshall in late 1967, US 27 followed 17 Mile Road and Kalamazoo Avenue into Marshall. That routing was turned back to local control after the completion of I 69 to I 94. M 227 came into existence nearly 35 years	years	NOUN	after	ADP	 after
One shell hit forward and detonated one or both of the forward magazines, which broke the ship in two near the foremast. Stationed inside ' Q ' turret, Midshipman Jocelyn Latham Storey survived and reported that there had been a large explosion forward which rocked the turret	turret	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
Two laps later, Hamlin used the draft to take over the lead, with Labonte moving into second. Kahne used the outside lane to claim first position, before Reed Sorenson also drove on the outside lane to claim first place on the next lap. The pack	pack	NOUN	drove	VERB	 drove
The A.V. Club commented that the " pumped up title track is bound to be a deserving smash ". J.D. Considine of The Baltimore Sun noted that Madonna's " newfound strength is particularly apparent in pulsing, rhythm driven tracks like the title tune, which finds her	her	PRON	soaring	VERB	 soaring
Some 500 guest rooms and 32 tower apartments were intended to bring a steady flow of visitors and a source of profit to the church. Though never the tallest building in San Francisco, it was to be the tallest hotel on the Pacific Coast for many decades.	.	PUNCT	In	ADP	 In
Despite his political experience, this was a remarkable choice. Nerva was old and childless, and had spent much of his career out of the public light, prompting both ancient and modern authors to speculate on his involvement in Domitian's assassination. According to Cassius Dio	Dio	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
She was met by South African Prime Minister Louis Botha, but Jan Smuts refused to meet her, partly because he was bitter that South Africa had lost the war and partly because his son had died in a British concentration camp. Edward VII died in 1910,	,	PUNCT	and	CCONJ	 and
Michael publicly reads all the outstanding complaints against everyone, even though they were supposed to be anonymous, which only serves to further increase office tensions. Pam Beesly (Jenna Fischer) is particularly troubled by a nameless complaint that she plans her wedding during office hours,	,	PUNCT	a	DET	 a
There is a central portico, with a flat roof supported by four ionic columns, added in 1926. The tripartite windows of the ground floor contrast with the French windows of the first floor, which are fronted by cast iron balconies. The attic floor has small	small	ADJ	4	NUM	 4
On the trial's second day, soon after Barnes had taken to the witness stand, Raith's counsel withdrew his client's defence. It had been his task, he said, to prove a plea that the allegation in Raith's letter was true, and	and	CCONJ	that	SCONJ	 that
" The National Cancer Institute (NCI) has been a target of the anti abortion movement for the conclusions presented on its website. A report from the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform found that in November 2002 the Bush administration had altered the NCI website. The	The	DET	previous	ADJ	 previous
It was the 15th episode of the third season. The episode first aired in syndication the week of February 19, 1990. In the plot, the crew of the USS Enterprise D must decide whether to send the time travelling Enterprise C back through a temporal rift	rift	NOUN	to	ADP	 to
Soule composed the soundtracks to 11 children's games over the next three years, with multiple titles in the Putt Putt, Pajama Sam, Freddi Fish and Spy Fox series. While working at Humongous, Soule met fellow employee and video game designer Chris Taylor, and	and	CCONJ	signed	VERB	 signed
Prior to the opening of the performing arts center, Newark Symphony Hall was home to the New Jersey Symphony, the New Jersey State Opera, and the Garden State Ballet, which stills maintains an academy there. The 1925 neo classic building, originally built by the	the	DET	Shriners	PROPN	 Shriners
Merge sort algorithms typically require a time approximately proportional to N · log (N). The base of the logarithm is not specified here, because the result only changes by a constant factor when another base is used. A constant factor is usually disregarded in the	the	DET	analysis	NOUN	 analysis
When the ship was completed she proved to be very overweight which meant that much of her waterline armor belt was submerged. Russian companies could not produce the most advanced armour and machinery desired by the Naval General Staff, so they were imported from the United Kingdom and	and	CCONJ	Belgium	PROPN	 Belgium
The film, which co stars Patrick Dempsey, Idina Menzel, Susan Sarandon and James Marsden, revolves around Giselle, who is forced from her hand drawn animated world to real life New York City. Adams was among 300 or so actresses who auditioned for the role	role	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
This became critical when heavy rains delayed the opening of the Lae – Nadzab Road. Without the road, the planned airbase at Nadzab could not be developed, and without the airbase, air cover could not be provided for another amphibious operation. MacArthur was forced to	to	PART	postpone	VERB	 postpone
The Egyptians are also thought to have come into knowledge about elements such as antimony, copper, crude arsenic, lead, opium, and mandrake (among others) which are mentioned in papyri. Egyptians are now thought to be the first to master distillation, and	and	CCONJ	to	PART	 to
The character of Hiruma has been well received by manga readers, and as the series continued he went on to become one of the most popular characters among the Eyeshield 21 reader base, having consistently placed near the top of the Weekly Shōnen Jump character popularity polls of	of	ADP	the	DET	 the
Collins qualified for semifinals. During semifinals, Collins was placed in heat two. With a time of 20.25, he ranked fourth out of seven in his heat, defeating Devonish; Mauritius ' Stephan Buckland; and Antigua and Barbuda's Brendan Christian. He was slower	slower	ADJ	than	ADP	 than
Although widely believed to be detrimental to the mental and physical well being of a child, this type of household is tolerated. The percentage of single parent households has doubled in the last three decades, but that percentage tripled between 1900 and 1950. The sense of	of	ADP	marriage	NOUN	 marriage
Even if micro black holes could be formed, it is expected that they would evaporate in about 10 − 25 seconds, posing no threat to the Earth. Once a black hole has formed, it can continue to grow by absorbing additional matter. Any black hole	hole	NOUN	will	AUX	 will
Béla also taught in Sunday School and was on the Board of the United Methodist Church of the Wayfarer in Carmel, California. In the 1960s Bánáthy began teaching courses in applied linguistics and systems science at San José State University. In 1962 he was named Dean and	and	CCONJ	Chairman	PROPN	 Chairman
During May 1946, three of No. 38 Squadron's Dakotas were assigned the unusual task of flying 25 tonnes of pig bristles from Chongqing in China to Hong Kong, from where the bristles were shipped to Australia. This mission, which was designated " Operation Pig	Pig	PROPN	Bristle	PROPN	 Bristle
Due to the high cost of removing the main line with no back up service, it was unable to progress forward, and as a result, the Erie built some new stations to replace old wooden ones in 1952. With the railroad merger in 1960, the	the	DET	Erie	PROPN	 Erie
Refuse was carried on barges down the Manchester Ship Canal as far as Boysnope Wharf, where it was loaded onto a light railway system to be taken into the moss for dumping. Farmers on Chat Moss were legally required by their tenancy agreements to accept a specified amount	amount	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
Shah Jahan conferred the title of " Amanat Khan " upon him as a reward for his " dazzling virtuosity ". Near the lines from the Qur ' an at the base of the interior dome is the inscription, " Written by the insignificant being, Amanat Khan	Khan	PROPN	Shirazi	PROPN	 Shirazi
Though progress is ongoing, there remain a number of still unrealized goals within the framework of the ROC: " although certainly more ' equal ' than they were 20, or even 10, years ago, the indigenous inhabitants in Taiwan still remain on the lowest rungs	rungs	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
It was then re aired as part of Nicktoons Network's Random! Cartoons series showcase on December 7, 2008, subsequently leading to the creation of the animated series. It was nominated for an Annie Award for Best Animated Short Subject. The short and the later	later	ADV	produced	VERB	 produced
The fireships drifted aimlessly before exploding uselessly, succeeding only in wounding two British sailors whose boat was too close to Comet. While the frigates and fireships fought, a host of small French gunboats emerged from Dunkirk and were met by the hired ships, armed as brigs	brigs	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
The first sale, three days after the site began operating, was to an online music website operated by a friend of Tew's. He bought 400 pixels in a 20 × 20 block. After two weeks, Tew's friends and family members had purchased a	a	DET	total	NOUN	 total
At First Minister's Questions she often highlighted personal stories of members of the public, believing them to bring an element of real life into the Parliament. Along with Holyrood's other opposition leaders, Lamont signed the Equality Network's Equal Marriage Pledge in favour of legalising	legalising	VERB	same	ADJ	 same
" Similarly, Arkay of Rediff.com praised the performances of the lead cast but wrote the film " tries to do too many things, and ends up failing at most, if not all, of them. " Additionally, the film has been criticised for carrying much	much	ADJ	anti	ADJ	 anti
When his parents went to Europe to finish their doctoral studies, he learned to speak French in a year. Upon returning from Europe, he enrolled at the Escuela Superior República de Colombia, a high school in Río Piedras, although in a lower grade, because	because	SCONJ	the	DET	 the
I am on the verge of breaking down & I can not use my brain for anything ". On 13 November he wrote to Churchill's Naval Secretary, Rear Admiral Horace Hood, " It was an awful wrench, but I had no choice from the moment	moment	NOUN	it	PRON	 it
" An intelligent and thoughtful man ", Tesimond wanted his superior's advice as Catesby had recently told him of his plan. As Garnet viewed Tesimond's information as having been imparted under the seal of the confessional, he later claimed to have felt unable to warn	warn	VERB	anyone	PRON	 anyone
Max added, " I think I like it better than Inflikted. It has a ring to it that connects me and Igor as two brothers back together. " To complete the band, Max chose Soulfly guitarist Marc Rizzo and vocalist Joe Duplantier of Gojira. Rizzo	Rizzo	PROPN	was	AUX	 was
" He notes as an example of " this apparent erasure of Sarah Northrup from his mind " a 1968 interview with the British broadcaster Granada Television, in which Hubbard denied that he had had a second wife in between his first, Polly, and the present one	one	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
It was the culmination of the 2009 Women's Cricket World Cup, the ninth Women's Cricket World Cup. England won the final by four wickets, clinching their third World Cup title and their first outside England. It was the second time that the two teams	teams	NOUN	had	AUX	 had
The night of his senior dinner, Tenney received a telephone message from Frank Selee, the manager of the Beaneaters, asking him to play a game for the team at catcher, due to the injuries of other players. In his MLB debut on June 16,	,	PUNCT	1894	NUM	 1894
Shortly after Schnaufer's arrival, on one of his first missions in Leeuwarden, Schnaufer had taken right of way during taxiing. This forced Jabs into second place in order of takeoff, an act of insubordination and perceived as arrogant by Jabs. Schnaufer, who had	had	AUX	received	VERB	 received
The third of these stones was in Nico's and George's possession. George returns to the treehouse and cures Nico with medicine from the shaman. Shortly thereafter, the two separate to find the two remaining stones. Nico tracks a stone down to a museum in	in	ADP	London	PROPN	 London
Agriculture and allied sectors like forestry, logging and fishing accounted for 18.6% of the GDP in 2005, employed 60% of the total workforce and despite a steady decline of its share in the GDP, is still the largest economic sector and plays a significant role	role	NOUN	in	ADP	 in
Cartographic evidence indicates that in the early 18th century the peninsula was longer than at present. A " neck " started to form in the peninsula, and by 1802 the tip had broken off to form Stert Island. Fenning Island also broke away but has rejoined the	the	DET	peninsula	NOUN	 peninsula
However, the instrument can be used to determine the general chemical structures present, allowing forensic chemists to determine the best method for analysis with other instruments. For example, a stretch of alkyl groups will result in a peak between 2,950 and 2,850 wavenumbers (cm −	−	PROPN	1	NUM	 1
O'Donnell also introduced a distinctive piano theme which had never been heard before, and first made its appearance in the Halo 3 announcement teaser. In an interview, O'Donnell stated that he has always approached music from the keyboard, and that at the Electronic Entertainment Expo —	—	PUNCT	where	SCONJ	 where
However, late on September 8, both agencies declared that the depression had dissipated off the coast of Vietnam. At least six people were killed, three were left missing and nine were injured by the depression throughout Vietnam. Rainfall from the storm exceeded 430 mm (	(	PUNCT	17	NUM	17
Moffat felt that the relationship had already been sufficiently established in the first series so there was little point going back to the start. Set two months after the end of series one, Mark meets Becky in a newsagent, where he is purchasing pornographic magazines. He	He	PRON	discovers	VERB	 discovers
He added that 1,198 terrorists were killed and another 356 were injured so far. 25 November 2014 Twenty terrorists, including members of the Haqqani network were killed in aerial strikes in North Waziristan. 2 December 2014 32 militants, including foreigners, were killed in airstrikes in	in	ADP	Datta	PROPN	 Datta
The single track branch was completed in time for the opening two months later. The junction with the LSWR, known as Necropolis Junction, was west facing, meaning that trains to and from London were obliged to reverse in and out of the branch to the two	two	NUM	stations	NOUN	 stations
The film then scored the biggest Wednesday opening in domestic history with $68,533,840 beating Transformers: Revenge of the Fallen's $62 million. The Twilight Saga: Eclipse has also become the film with the widest independent release, playing in over 4,416 theaters, surpassing its	its	PRON	predecessor	NOUN	 predecessor
Paranhos strongly disapproved of his son's personal life, which was considered scandalous by 19th century Brazilian society. Long after his father's death and after Brazil had become a republic, the junior Paranhos would go on to a distinguished career as Minister of Foreign Affairs.	.	PUNCT	He	PRON	 He
As Chesham, with a population in 1882 of 6,500, was the most significant town in the area through which the MR was building, the MR decided to build the section of line between Chalfont and Chesham as a branch line despite Chesham no longer being on the	the	DET	proposed	VERB	 proposed
Recording sessions for Commit This to Memory, which were booked by Hoppus, were scheduled over six weeks at Seedy Underbelly Studios in Valley Village, a district of Los Angeles, California, which was actually a rented house that had once belonged to Jeff Porcaro, the	the	DET	drummer	NOUN	 drummer
Scott was forestalled by Shackleton, who early in 1907 announced his plans to lead an expedition with the twin objectives of reaching the geographic and magnetic South Poles. Under duress, Shackleton agreed not to work from McMurdo Sound, which Scott was claiming as his own sphere	sphere	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
Because the reactions involved in Bynesian decay require a certain quantity of moisture in the air in order for them to take place, keeping the air somewhat dry, i.e. keeping the environmental relative humidity under control is beneficial. This is achieved by careful monitoring of the relative	relative	ADJ	humidity	NOUN	 humidity
At the Raleigh Durham Airport in North Carolina, gusts of 90 mph (140 km / h) were recorded; in surrounding cities, including Kinston, Goldsboro, and Faison, wind gusts were estimated to have reached 120 mph (190 km / h).	.	PUNCT	With	ADP	 With
" Jim Crow Blues ", recorded in 1929 by Cow Cow Davenport, deals with getting away from racial segregation in an American town: In " Make My Getaway ", recorded in 1951, Big Bill Broonzy sings of leaving Arkansas to get over a broken relationship	relationship	NOUN	:	PUNCT	:
At 12: 00 UTC on October 15, the Japan Meteorological Agency (JMA) estimated that a tropical depression developed about 450 km (280 mi) east of Guam. A few hours later, the Joint Typhoon Warning Center (JTWC) issued a tropical cyclone	cyclone	NOUN	formation	NOUN	 formation
Because the ancestors of P. raceyi lost the first upper incisor and first and third upper and lower premolars, the upper incisors are designated I2 and I3 and the premolars are designated P2 and P4 (uppers) and p2 and p4 (lowers). I2 has a	a	DET	well	ADV	 well
They retained the League title the following year, winning the championship by a single point from Fleet Town following a 1 – 1 draw at Fleet on the last day of the season — this match was played in front of 623 people, a record attendance for a	a	DET	Wessex	PROPN	 Wessex
Tunis also played a doubles match against the French women's champion Suzanne Lenglen. Returning to the U.S. at the end of the summer, he dropped in on former Harvard classmate Lawrence Winship, the Sunday editor of The Boston Globe. When Winship learned that Tunis actually	actually	ADV	knew	VERB	 knew
Battles between the Parthian Empire and the Roman Republic began in 92 BC; wars began under the late Republic, and continued through the Roman and Sassanid empires. They were ended by the Arab Muslim conquests, which defeated both the Sassanid and Byzantine East Roman empires shortly	shortly	ADV	after	ADP	 after
After temporarily improving the Partisan defences against the German and NDH forces, the Partisan Supreme Headquarters and the 1st Proletarian Brigade were unable to salvage the situation and retreated south towards Foča. The 1st Proletarian Brigade, less two battalions that were accompanying the Supreme Headquarters, crossed	crossed	VERB	the	DET	 the
With two fingers flanked by two opposable thumbs on each hand, two large toes on each foot (four small toes in earlier games), digitigrade legs, broad chests and shoulders with narrow waists, Protoss are very agile and physically strong. A bony crest extends	extends	VERB	back	ADV	 back
" Run to You " was released in November 1984 in Europe where it peaked at the top ten in Ireland at number 8 and reached number 11 on the UK Singles Chart; it was his second single to chart in Europe. " Somebody " was released in	in	ADP	the	DET	 the
" Silverstein chose the name at home one evening, early in 1960, because he felt " Apollo riding his chariot across the Sun was appropriate to the grand scale of the proposed program. " In July 1960, NASA Deputy Administrator Hugh L. Dryden announced the Apollo	Apollo	PROPN	program	NOUN	 program
Woodland was cleared over time for farming and housing. Following the Norman conquest of England in 1066, Ernulf de Hesdin was given the manor of Ruislip, which included the woods, in recognition of his service to William the Conqueror. In 1087, Ernulf de Hesdin	Hesdin	PROPN	passed	VERB	 passed
In the Iraq War, it formed part of Task Force Black and Task Force Knight, with A Squadron 22 SAS being singled out for exceptional service by General Stanley McChrystal, the American commander of NATO forces: during a six month tour it carried out 175 combat	combat	NOUN	missions	NOUN	 missions
Once Bruno was completed, it could hold up to 9 U boats. Bergen remained a quiet base during the first few years of the occupation, experiencing only one large Allied air attack. In 1943, the U boat base added two new bunkers, U Stützpunkt	Stützpunkt	PROPN	Prien	PROPN	 Prien
In summer, a large proportion of the rainfall is caused by sun heating the ground leading to convection and to showers and thunderstorms. Average rainfall is around 700 mm (28 in). About 8 – 15 days of snowfall is typical. November to March have	have	VERB	the	DET	 the
Vertebrate predators of bees include bee eaters, shrikes and flycatchers, which make short sallies to catch insects in flight. Swifts and swallows fly almost continually, catching insects as they go. The honey buzzard attacks bees ' nests and eats the larvae. The greater honeyguide	honeyguide	NOUN	interacts	NOUN	 interacts
They proposed that a meteor (from a comet containing the red particles) caused the sound and flash and when it disintegrated over Kerala it released the red particles which slowly fell to the ground. However, they omitted an explanation on how debris from a meteor continued	continued	VERB	to	PART	 to
Both campaigns began to use their running mates to attack the other candidate. Republican Vice Presidential nominee Spiro Agnew criticized the current Vice President for being " soft on communism " and " soft on inflation and soft on law and order. " He then compared the nominee	nominee	NOUN	to	ADP	 to
In 1114, the chieftain Wanyan Aguda (1068 – 1123) united the disparate Jurchen tribes and led a revolt against the Liao. In 1115 he named himself emperor of the Jin " golden " dynasty (1115 – 1234). Informed by a Liao defector of	of	ADP	the	DET	 the
However, by far the greater cause of population decline was the dire economic state of the country which led to an entrenched culture of emigration lasting until the 21st century. Emigration from Ireland in the 19th century contributed to the populations of England, the United States,	,	PUNCT	Canada	PROPN	 Canada
Michael Paoletta from Billboard called the song " horribly derivative ", while NME's Jim Wirth said that " Dirrty " was " probably the pick of an inconsistent crop. " Entertainment Weekly critic Seymour Craig gave it a D-, calling Aguilera's voice " desperate and	and	CCONJ	shrill	ADJ	 shrill
Thor asks Loki if his efforts were successful, and that Loki should tell him while he is still in the air as " tales often escape a sitting man, and the man lying down often barks out lies. " Loki states that it was indeed an effort	effort	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
Nearly 39,000 civilians were processed into the camps at Yevlakh and Dashkesen with as many as 15,000 unaccounted for. Four Azerbaijani MI 8 helicopters ferrying refugees and wounded out of the conflict zone crashed, the last of which was hit by Armenian forces. Human Rights Watch findings	findings	NOUN	concluded	VERB	 concluded
The team, mostly made up of RAAF personnel, had been ill with food poisoning and dysentery, and travelled across the Indian subcontinent via long and bumpy train journeys for the first month. The airmen wanted to travel by air, and tried to ask Hassett and	and	CCONJ	manager	NOUN	 manager
Orientation programs encourage students to become involved in campus activities and organizations from the beginning. An April 2005 campus survey found that 74% of the students were involved with at least one organization and that 88% participated in a campus organization in the past. One of	of	ADP	the	DET	 the
It moved along the southern coast of Japan before coming ashore west of Tokyo on August 26. Soon after, the storm reached open waters and later passed over eastern Hokkaido, dissipating on August 28. On August 21, a tropical depression formed near Yap. After	After	ADP	moving	VERB	 moving
He thus protected the president's sole authority over the removal of appointees and influenced the location of the nation's capital. But his views did not always align with Washington, who joined Franklin as the object of Adams ' ire, as shown in this quote:	:	PUNCT	"	PUNCT	 "
This deficiency was rectified in Internet Explorer 7, bringing Internet Explorer in line with other web browsers in this regard. The object element: The eyes also test support of the HTML object element. The object element has been a part of HTML since HTML 4 was	was	AUX	released	VERB	 released
In 2009, Eastbourne gained a new cultural centre, replacing the Manor House (which has now been sold) as home of the Towner Art Gallery; it is located in the cultural district next to the Congress Theatre and Devonshire Park. Eastbourne has two cinemas —	—	PUNCT	the	DET	 the
Each eruptive cycle was separated from one another by long periods of dormancy and minor activity, during which, glaciers eroded the mountain to below 9,000 feet (2,700 m). Potassium argon dating has identified three such eruptive periods; the first occurring 520,000 to 500,000 years	years	NOUN	ago	ADV	 ago
These topics, with the exception of math, are thematically linked each year. One of the multiple choice events, alternating between science or social science, is chosen for the Super Quiz. In addition to the seven objective events, there are three subjective events graded	graded	VERB	by	ADP	 by
The idea to have the crew on the back cover was Duane Allman's idea, as all involved viewed them the " unsung heroes " in the operation. A photo of Lyndon, then in jail awaiting his trial, was superimposed to the wall behind the crew	crew	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
Fuller and his father were very close and had filmed a United Way and the NFL commercial together during the offseason. The commercial, which featured an organization for the blind, was not aired until two days after his father's death. Fuller is also a noted	noted	ADJ	philanthropist	NOUN	 philanthropist
Coastal flooding overran the coasts of Louisiana and Texas, which worsened river flooding across the region. Federal disaster declarations were made for the states of Louisiana and Texas on September 23 for damage relating to this tropical cyclone. Damage totaled US $500 million (1998 dollars	dollars	NOUN	)	PUNCT	)
Instead, these authors argue that a subsonic bow wave defines the transition from the solar wind flow to the interstellar medium. A bow shock is the third boundary of an astrosphere after the termination shock and the astropause (called the heliopause in the Solar System).	.	PUNCT	Intergalactic	ADJ	 Intergalactic
All times are in China Standard Time (UTC + 8) In the following calendar for the 2008 Olympic Games, each blue box represents an event competition, such as a qualification round, on that day. The yellow boxes represent days during which medal awarding finals for	for	ADP	a	DET	 a
Acute SCI merits treatment in an intensive care unit, especially injuries to the cervival spinal cord. Patients with SCI need repeated neurological assessments and treatment by neurosurgeons. If the systolic blood pressure falls below 90 mmHg within days of the injury, blood supply to the spinal	spinal	ADJ	cord	NOUN	 cord
By August, Mutual was represented by six correspondents in Korea, more than ABC or NBC. In June 1958, just a few months before the Scranton takeover, the network had launched a nightly 25 minute newscast, The World Today, hosted by Westbrook Van Voorhis	Voorhis	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
Written by Mark Hall and produced by Mark A. Miller and Steven Curtis Chapman, it was released as the lead single from the band's 2003 self titled debut album through Beach Street Records on July 26, 2003. The song, originally written by Hall as a	a	DET	"	PUNCT	 "
In addition to Reading, a new festival called Monsters of Rock was created in 1980 at Castle Donington, England, to showcase only hard rock and heavy metal acts. The NWOBHM eventually found space in newspapers and music magazines other than Sounds, as journalists caught up	up	ADP	with	ADP	 with
It was Henrik Ruse, a Dutch building engineer, who was charged by Frederick III to develop the area around Kongens Nytorv, especially in connection with the Nyhavn Canal which was designed to become Copenhagen's new harbour. It was not, however, until Christian V	V	PROPN	became	VERB	 became
Another 225 deaths were attributed to floods from the depression in southern Mexico. In addition, Paul was responsible for moderate damage and 24 fatalities in northwestern Mexico, where it made landfall at hurricane strength. The precursor disturbance to Paul originated from an area of low barometric	barometric	NOUN	pressure	NOUN	 pressure
Since their chest walls are more flexible, children are more vulnerable to pulmonary contusion than adults are, and thus suffer from the injury more commonly. Pulmonary contusion has been found in 53% of children with chest injuries requiring hospitalization. Children in forceful impacts suffer twice	twice	ADV	as	ADV	 as
This charter lists a number of estates as owned by Regenbald that were also listed in Domesday Book as Regenbald's, but there are a few other possessions that did not get recorded in Domesday. The lands listed include lands in Gloucestershire, Berkshire, Wiltshire, Somerset	Somerset	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
The demolition derby form flies into her hand, and she decides to give it a try. When she leaves, Homer wakes up and finds Marge is gone and so is the demolition derby form, so he heads off to the derby with the kids to stop	stop	VERB	her	PRON	 her
The canceled $50,000 check would later include Rickey's signature showing that Zeckendorf turned over the $50,000 to Rickey. O'Malley replaced Rickey with Buzzie Bavasi. O'Malley became the president and chief stockholder (owner) on October 26, 1950. O'Malley assumed the title of	of	ADP	president	NOUN	 president
The gun was only initially known as the 41 cm / 45 3rd Year Type naval gun before it was redesignated as the 40 cm / 45 3rd Year Type naval gun on 29 March 1922 to comply with the terms of the Washington Naval Treaty which forbade guns larger	larger	ADJ	than	ADP	 than
The half life of 239Np is very short, although the detection of its much longer lived daughter 239Pu in nature in 1951 definitively established its natural occurrence. In 1952, 237Np was identified and isolated from concentrates of uranium ore from the Belgian Congo: in these minerals	minerals	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
Although they did not discover Ceres, they later found several large asteroids. One of the astronomers selected for the search was Giuseppe Piazzi, a Catholic priest at the Academy of Palermo, Sicily. Before receiving his invitation to join the group, Piazzi discovered Ceres on	on	ADP	1	NUM	 1
The philosophy behind the Foundation was that music and entertainment has a healing quality that can benefit children. The Foundation also supported the annual Britney Spears Camp for the Performing Arts, where campers had the opportunity to explore and develop their talents. In April 2002, through	through	ADP	the	DET	 the
You are not all going to die. Only two percent of you right here today would be killed in a major battle. Every man is scared in his first action. If he says he's not, he's a goddamn liar. But the real hero	hero	NOUN	is	AUX	 is
Night in the Ruts was released in November 1979, but only managed to sell enough records to be certified Gold at the time (it would eventually sell enough to be Platinum certified in 1994). The only single the album spawned, a cover of " Remember	Remember	VERB	(	PUNCT	 (
In 1793 a further survey was conducted by John Rennie, and the route of the canal was altered to take a more southerly course through Great Bedwyn, Devizes, Trowbridge and Newbury. The proposed route was accepted by the Kennet and Avon Canal Company. In July	July	PROPN	1793	NUM	 1793
The Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change (IPCC) glossary definition is: Climate in a narrow sense is usually defined as the “ average weather ”, or more rigorously, as the statistical description in terms of the mean and variability of relevant quantities over a period of	of	ADP	time	NOUN	 time
They obtained search warrants and subpoenas; 50 investigators entered the Ranch on October 2, 1985. Dr. Skeels found glass vials containing salmonella " bactrol disks " in the laboratory of a Rajneeshpuram medical clinic. Analysis by the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention lab in Atlanta	Atlanta	PROPN	confirmed	VERB	 confirmed
Treloar was educated at Albert Park State School and became a trained Sunday school teacher. He was not able to attend university, but sought self education in Melbourne's museums and libraries. Treloar also participated in his school's cadet unit, and believed that the military	military	NOUN	offered	VERB	 offered
The 2nd New Zealand Division was under the command of Brigadier Edward Puttick due to Freyberg taking command of Creforce, which consisted of all the Allied troops on Crete. Puttick gave Hargest's brigade the task of defending the airfield at Maleme and its easterly approaches. The	The	DET	21st	ADJ	 21st
The " Saucy Jacky " postcard was postmarked 1 October 1888 and was received the same day by the Central News Agency. The handwriting was similar to the " Dear Boss " letter. It mentions that two victims were killed very close to one another: " double	double	ADJ	event	NOUN	 event
Writer Brian Michael Bendis has stated that he favors incorporating Miles into the Spider Man feature films in some way, as did actor Andrew Garfield, who played Spider Man in The Amazing Spider Man feature film series. Producers Avi Arad and Matt Tolmach have indicated in 2014	2014	NUM	that	SCONJ	 that
Stuart Beattie was hired to write a new script for Sommers's film, and G.I. Joe comic and filecard writer Larry Hama was hired as creative consultant. Hama helped them change story elements that fans would have disliked and made it closer to the comics, ultimately deciding	deciding	VERB	fans	NOUN	 fans
Hygeberht, already Bishop of Lichfield, became the new archdiocese's first and only archbishop, and by the end of 788 he received the pallium, a symbol of his authority, from Rome. The new archdiocese included the sees of Worcester, Hereford, Leicester,	,	PUNCT	Lindsey	PROPN	 Lindsey
Yardley spoke after Bradman: In saying good bye to Don we are saying good bye to the greatest cricketer of all time. He is not only a great cricketer but a great sportsman, on and off the field. I hope this is not the last time	time	NOUN	we	PRON	 we
The SAG measures 150 kilometres (93 miles) in diameter. It contributes to the flow of bottom water from the Adriatic to the Levantine Basin through the Ionian Sea. Through that process, the Adriatic Sea produces most of the East Mediterranean deep water. The Adriatic	Adriatic	PROPN	's	PART	's
Abstentionists also reject the position of moderationists that in many circumstances Christians should feel free to drink for pleasure because abstentionists see alcohol as inherently too dangerous and not " a necessity for life or good living, " with some even going so far as to say, "	"	PUNCT	Moderation	PROPN	 Moderation
Dylan's biographer Howard Sounes warned against reducing the song to the biography of one person, and suggested " it is more likely that the song was aimed generally at those [Dylan] perceived as being ' phony ' ". Sounes adds, " There is some	some	DET	irony	NOUN	 irony
Four were fitted between the 9 inch guns and could traverse a total of 100°. The others were mounted at each end of the ship where they could fire directly ahead or astern. The ten 47 millimeter (1.9 in) Hotchkiss revolving cannon were mounted in	in	ADP	hull	NOUN	 hull
The Germans then retreated and continued towards Songea. During this contact, Booth advanced towards enemy fire to rescue a wounded scout who was lying in the open, and brought him back alive; for this and subsequent actions, Booth received the Victoria Cross in June 1917	1917	NUM	.	PUNCT	.
By later in the day, Debbie had begun to restrengthen. It resumed Category 3 intensity on August 20, despite a minor oscillation in magnitude during the day. At this point, the cyclone acquired peak winds of 120 mph (195 km / h);	;	PUNCT	shortly	ADV	 shortly
He stated his belief that there would be an openly gay player " within the next 10 years " and expressed his fear that " certain managers... will discriminate against people " but that he feels " more fool them, and their lack of social awareness and intelligence	intelligence	NOUN	"	PUNCT	 "
" Trapped in the Closet " generated significant controversy. Tom Cruise, who is portrayed in the episode, reportedly threatened to back out of his promotional obligations for the Paramount Pictures film Mission: Impossible III if Viacom, the owner of both Comedy Central and Paramount,	,	PUNCT	allowed	VERB	 allowed
In 1997, Carmen Velazquez lost welfare benefits from the government under the provisions of the Temporary Assistance for Needy Families Act (TANF). An attorney from an LSC grantee, Bronx Legal Services, litigated her claim. Bronx Legal Services, on behalf of Velazquez,	,	PUNCT	filed	VERB	 filed
In 2003 it was ranked # 452 on Rolling Stone's 500 Greatest Albums of All Time. Greg Prato of AllMusic called Love It to Death " an incredibly consistent listen from beginning to end " and " the release when everything began to come together for the band	band	NOUN	"	PUNCT	 "
It is home to many cultural institutions and exhibits, which attract more than 7 million visitors a year to the Museum District. Houston has an active visual and performing arts scene in the Theater District and offers year round resident companies in all major performing arts. In	In	ADP	August	PROPN	 August
" The belief that certain animals can not rise if pushed over has historical antecedents, though cattle have never been so classified. Julius Caesar recorded a belief that a European elk (moose) had no knee joints and could not get up if it fell. Pliny	Pliny	PROPN	said	VERB	 said
After Hōshō was commissioned, experienced aircrews requested changes, and the ship was modified by the Yokosuka Navy Arsenal from 6 June to 20 August 1924. The island, tripod mast, and aircraft crane were removed since they partially obstructed the flight deck and obscured pilot visibility	visibility	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
In an attempt to sign in an actress who had never worked with Khan before, Kapoor was confirmed to play the female lead several days later. She had to cut her hair short and sport red streaks for her role. On casting Khan and Kapoor, Johar	Johar	PROPN	commented	VERB	 commented
GameSpot put the real time land battles as " enjoyable to command and enjoyable to watch ", particularly commending the amount of detail in each model and animation for every soldier, points carried in several other reviews. However, GameSpot thought that the artificial intelligence could appear	appear	VERB	"	PUNCT	 "
" Baillet Latour opposed boycotting the Games, as did Brundage (who had learned in 1933 that he was being considered for IOC membership). In her 1982 journal article on his role in the US participation in the 1936 Summer Games, Carolyn Marvin explained Brundage's	's	PART	political	ADJ	 political
Although Ladas was reported to be running with only two sound legs, he was his owner's first choice ahead of his 1895 Derby winner, Sir Visto. Carrying top weight of 142 pounds, he raced in third place for most of the way but weakened in	in	ADP	the	DET	 the
Following months of negotiations involving lawyers and arbitrators on both sides, the boundary line between the two colonies was set as the Pawcatuck River, favoring Rhode Island in the dispute. Those who had settled on Atherton Company lands were allowed to choose whether to be governed by	by	ADP	Connecticut	PROPN	 Connecticut
Thus, the JTWC expected Nina to move into the Luzon Straits and rapidly transitioned into an extratropical cyclone. After meandering within the South China Sea, Nina turned south, before dissipating on November 29, though the JMA continued to monitor its remnants until 0000 UTC on	on	ADP	November	PROPN	 November
A 7.5% ABV version is sold throughout most of the world, although lower strength variants are found in some locations. The beer is available in bottles and cans. In Africa, the product retails at a premium price, with an up to 100 per cent	cent	NOUN	higher	ADJ	 higher
Hofmeister also contended that Simmons erred in excluding unconventional sources of oil such as the oil sands of Canada, where Shell was active. The Canadian oil sands — a natural combination of sand, water, and oil found largely in Alberta and Saskatchewan — are believed to	to	PART	contain	VERB	 contain
Sroka proposes that Mary of Bytom married Charles in 1306, but Kristó writes that their marriage probably took place in the first half of 1311. The Illuminated Chronicle recorded that she died on 15 December 1317, but a royal charter issued on 12 July 1318 stated that	that	SCONJ	her	PRON	 her
The collection features an HD remaster of Dream Drop Distance as well as Kingdom Hearts χ Back Cover, set to tell the tale of the Foretellers and reveal new parts of the series ' history in HD cinematics, and Kingdom Hearts 0.2: Birth by Sleep – A	A	DET	Fragmentary	PROPN	 Fragmentary
The Oels remained in this organization until the end of the war in April 1814. During this period, the Oels served in most of the major battles including Fuentes de Onoro, Salamanca, Vitoria, the Pyrenees, Nivelle, the Nive, and Orthez. Following	Following	VERB	Napoleon	PROPN	 Napoleon
Roland Rizzo, who has been working with the X COM series since the beginning, became the audio lead for the game and was tasked with reimagining and updating John Broomhall's famous original music score. Michael McCann, composer for Deus Ex: Human Revolution, was	was	AUX	also	ADV	 also
The only remaining fish species in the creek is carp, which can withstand high amounts of chlorine. Carp up to 18 inches (1.5 feet / 45 cm) long have been found in Aliso Creek near the mouth. Temperatures of the creek near the mouth have	have	AUX	been	AUX	 been
1600 – 1050 BC), where they appear in burials. The high point of chariot use in China was in the Spring and Autumn Period (770 – 476 BC), although they continued in use up until the 2nd century BC. Descriptions of the tactical	tactical	ADJ	role	NOUN	 role
Andy (Ed Helms) desperately aspires to join the inner circle, while Deangelo repeatedly attempts to win over Dwight (Rainn Wilson), who is still apathetic toward the new boss. Angela (Angela Kinsey) sees his style as sexist, as every member of	of	ADP	the	DET	 the
Duncan and Meg (Alona Tal) approach Veronica, and she tells Meg the general overview of a case where someone has been evading capture and all the tactics they used to do so before Duncan suddenly leaves. Wallace gives Veronica the student file on one of the	the	DET	two	NUM	 two
In an overview of his Combine performance, a writer for the NFL praised his speed and " receiver like hands ", but criticized him for a lack of agility and occasional dropped passes. The writer compared Gragg to tight end Daniel Fells. The Buffalo Bills selected	selected	VERB	Gragg	PROPN	 Gragg
As a result, the ecology of the peninsula suffered major ecological damage, including contamination by military nuclear waste and nickel smelting. After the dissolution of the Soviet Union, the economy went into decline and the population quickly started to decrease. Between 1989 and 2002,	,	PUNCT	Murmansk	PROPN	 Murmansk
In later years, the cricketer Jack Bond recalled St Hill as a very effective coach at the club, where Bond spent his early years. St Hill continued playing league cricket until 1951. St Hill died in Withington, Manchester, on 21 May 1957. St	St	PROPN	Hill	PROPN	 Hill
Avakian named Weston's character Jonathan Edwards, for the 18th century Calvinist preacher of the same name, and asked him to record under this alias. Weston worried that he might not be able to find enough material for an entire album, and he asked his wife	wife	NOUN	to	PART	 to
His first goal for Chester was a consolation goal in a 2 – 1 defeat to Morecambe on 15 November. He missed four weeks out through injury, which coincided with the club's improvement in form under new manager Mark Wright, until he returned as a last	last	ADJ	minute	NOUN	 minute
It stars an ensemble cast of Malin Åkerman, Billy Crudup, Matthew Goode, Carla Gugino, Jackie Earle Haley, Jeffrey Dean Morgan, and Patrick Wilson. A dark satirical take on the superhero genre, the film is set in an alternate history in the year	year	NOUN	1985	NUM	 1985
Stylidium species with glandular trichomes on their sepals, leaves, flower parts, or scapes have been suggested to be protocarnivorous (or paracarnivorous). The tip of the trichome produces a sticky mucilage — a mixture of sugar polymers and water — that is capable of attracting	attracting	VERB	and	CCONJ	 and
White has aspirations to work with Gueller to return the Box Tree to its former status as a two Michelin starred restaurant. Jan Moir reviewed the restaurant in 2004 for The Daily Telegraph shortly after Gueller took over and refurbished the restaurant. She praised the lighter style of	of	ADP	the	DET	 the
All 9,000 seats were sold out. President Roosevelt delivered an address praising the German culture and the sängerfest tradition. The Northeastern Sängerbund presented selections by composers Herman Spielter, David Melamet, Carl Friedrich Zöllner, E.S. Engelsberg, Felix Mendelssohn and Richard Wagner. When Newark,	,	PUNCT	New	PROPN	 New
" The Answer Lies Within " and " I Walk Beside You " are the two shortest tracks on the album. Rudess regards them as radio friendly songs which still maintain Dream Theater's style. Portnoy wrote the lyrics to " Never Enough " as a response to	to	ADP	fans	NOUN	 fans
At the end of 1901 Fisher married Margaret Irvine, his previous landlady's daughter. Labour improved their position at the 1903 election, gaining enough seats to be on par with the other two, a legislative time colloquially known as the " three elevens ". When	When	SCONJ	the	DET	 the
He did not study Paul Bettany's performance as J.A.R.V.I.S. when approaching the character. Chad Michael Murray as Jack Thompson: A war veteran and agent with the SSR, described as chauvinistic and " chest puffing ". Murray compared the character to Indiana Jones, and stated	stated	VERB	that	SCONJ	 that
Miyamoto said that he knew from his own experience that the game would only be as good as the effort Itoi invested, and that he knew Itoi could not invest the appropriate time with his full time job. Itoi restated his interest and reduced his workload, so	so	ADV	Miyamoto	PROPN	 Miyamoto
Over the next five months, Admiral Hipper ran a series of sea trials in the Baltic, but failed to reach operational status. As the Soviet army pushed the Germans back on the Eastern Front, her crew was drafted into construction work on the defenses of the	the	DET	city	NOUN	 city
Of contemporary thinkers, the one who most influenced Prus and other writers of the Polish " Positivist " period (roughly 1864 – 1900) was Herbert Spencer, the English sociologist who coined the phrase, " survival of the fittest. " Prus would call Spencer "	"	PUNCT	the	DET	 the
Birds of the ocean Birds, etc. The inherent ' obliterative ' power of markings. ' Ruptive ' and ' Secant ' patterns Birds, etc. Special functions of markings Birds. Masking of bill and feet for offensive purposes Birds, etc. The manifold obliterative	obliterative	ADJ	power	NOUN	 power
Additionally, Ric Simmons criticized the Court's ruling for failing to reflect the realities of " real life confrontations occurring on the street " between citizens and law enforcement. Other scholars, such as Thomas W. Hughes and Joshua Fitch, argued that the Court's decision in	in	ADP	Drayton	PROPN	 Drayton
He ordered his generals to terminate Operation Citadel. Kluge welcomed the decision, as he was already in the process of withdrawing units of the 9th Army from the northern side of the Kursk salient to deal with Soviet attacks on his flank. But Manstein was greatly disappointed	disappointed	ADJ	.	PUNCT	.
" Dummy named the album one of its " 12 albums for 2011, " and Ruth Saxelby concluded that Ferraro " neither celebrates nor critiques the internet's reign but simply observes it with deep fascination. Andy Warhol style, it reflects the ambiguity of consumer culture in	in	ADP	the	DET	 the
He put his career on the line. " USAF and NASA declined to cooperate on the film. In fact, NASA reportedly sent a 20 page letter to Spielberg, telling him that releasing the film was dangerous. In an interview, he said: " I	I	PRON	really	ADV	 really
Pants and trousers were introduced to China during the Warring States in the 4th century BC, and were not exclusive to merchants; every soldier wore trousers as part of his uniform, while trousers were also worn by the common people. Although most men were cleanshaven,	,	PUNCT	soldiers	NOUN	 soldiers
Numerous awards were given to her, including the Presidential Medal of Freedom, and she was inducted into several halls of fame. Douglas lived until age 108, working until nearly the end of her life for Everglades restoration. Upon her death, an obituary in The	The	DET	Independent	PROPN	 Independent
The away team returns with them to the Enterprise before the freighter explodes. Kunivas is taken to sickbay and Korris meets with Captain Jean Luc Picard (Patrick Stewart). The Klingon explains that they were passengers when the freighter was attacked by a Ferengi ship; the	the	DET	Klingons	PROPN	 Klingons
The brigade had a nominal strength of an estimated 5,000 soldiers. The Saudis also deployed the Tariq Task Force, composed of Saudi Arabian Marines and a battalion of Moroccan infantry. Two further task forces, Othman and Omar Task Forces, consisted of two Mechanized Ministry of	of	ADP	Defense	PROPN	 Defense
Inspired by the movie, The Ballad of G.I. Joe was released in 2009 on the website Funny or Die. Written by Daniel Strange and Kevin Umbricht, and featuring celebrities such as Olivia Wilde, Zack Galifianakis, Alexis Bledel, Henry Rollins and Vinnie Jones, the	the	DET	video	NOUN	 video
He was influenced by Fermi's simplicity and Sommerfeld's rigor in approaching problems, and these qualities influenced his own later research. The Rockefeller Foundation offered an extension of Bethe's fellowship, allowing him to return to Italy in 1932. In the meantime, Bethe worked	worked	VERB	for	ADP	 for
In 1481, an Italian Jewish traveller Meshulam of Volterra wrote: Gazza is called by the Moslems Gaza. It is a fine and renowned place, and its fruits are very renowned and good. Bread and good wine is to be found there, but only Jews	Jews	PROPN	make	VERB	 make
In 1939, the section Korsvoll – Sognsvann was upgraded to double tracks, and the station Korsvoll had its name changed to Østhorn. The name " Østhorn " owes its origins to a crag by the same name that was demolished during the construction of the Sognsvann Line	Line	PROPN	.	PUNCT	.
A larger clash, between Cambridge's Monaghan and Oxford's Smith, took place by Chiswick Eyot before Oxford made the better recovery and quickly pushed out to secure a clear water lead. Cambridge failed to threaten, and Oxford won by three and a half lengths.	.	PUNCT	In	ADP	 In
Upon climbing through 50 feet (15 m), the aircraft began banking to the right. The climbing bank continued to increase at a rate which alarmed witnesses, and soon after the aircraft rolled through 90° (at which point the wings were vertical to the	the	DET	ground	NOUN	 ground
Life as a constitutional monarch, full of tedium, caution, and conciliation, ran against the essence of his character. " On the other hand, the historian remarked, he " found in his daughter's case everything that appealed most to his character. By	By	ADP	going	VERB	 going
The rumors were further fueled by an August 2010 episode of OLTL, in which Howarth's picture was shown and a delirious Téa stated that the current Todd (St. John) was not Todd Manning. This resulted in what Dan Kroll of the website Soap Opera Central.com	Central.com	PROPN	described	VERB	 described
There is limited underground drainage system in the town and the major sewerage system for disposal of sullage is through septic tanks, open drains and public conveniences. The municipality maintains 15 km (9.3 mi) of storm water drains and 35 km (22 mi) kutcha	kutcha	ADJ	drains	NOUN	 drains
Despite this difference in environments, most platyhelminths use the same system to control the concentration of their body fluids. Flame cells, so called because the beating of their flagella looks like a flickering candle flame, extract from the mesenchyme water that contains wastes and some reusable	reusable	ADJ	material	NOUN	 material
In the 16th century, Adriaan van Roomen solved the problem using intersecting hyperbolas, but this solution does not use only straightedge and compass constructions. François Viète found such a solution by exploiting limiting cases: any of the three given circles can be shrunk to zero radius	radius	NOUN	(	PUNCT	 (
Mo landed her US record deal with The Cherry Party, a label ventured with Sony Music Entertainment. Her debut international single, " Coke Bottle " featuring Timbaland and T.I., premiered in September 2013 in a hip hop radio station in Los Angeles, Power 106 FM	FM	PROPN	.	PUNCT	.
At the time of collision, Leipzig was switching from her diesel cruise engines to her steam turbine main engines, a process of first uncoupling the diesels from the shafts and then coupling turbines to the shafts, which left the ship temporary without propulsion drifting out of her	her	PRON	fairway	NOUN	 fairway
It is thought that irregular and often blemished pieces of wood were used in their entirety rather than squared off due to the scarcity of wood on the island. Except for a few possible glyphs cut in stone (see petroglyphs), all surviving texts are inscribed in	in	ADP	wood	NOUN	 wood
She described the lyrical content as a tie between both her " Western and oriental beliefs ", and believed that people surrounded by Western culture tend to " follow their destiny ", whilst people growing up around Asian culture believe that destiny is " pre determined ".	.	PUNCT	CD	PROPN	 CD
Kouandété had aspirations of his own. On December 17, 1967, he and 60 other soldiers led a military coup and toppled Soglo. Kouandété seized the presidency, though he was unsure what to do with it. Members of his faction urged the new president to	to	PART	remain	VERB	 remain
Paul Davies, a member of the SETI Post Detection Taskgroup, has stated that post detection protocols, calling for international consultation before taking any major steps regarding the detection, are unlikely to be followed by astronomers, who would put the advancement of their careers over the	the	DET	word	NOUN	 word
19 January 2015: A US drone strike killed 6 while injuring 4 others in the ShahiKhel area of North Waziristan's Shawwal tehsil. 28 January 2015: A US drone strike killed 7 while injuring another militant in the Shawal area of North Waziristan. 18 March 2015	2015	NUM	:	PUNCT	:
Jordan started 53 of his 60 games for the season, averaging 24.3 points, 5.4 assists, and 6.0 rebounds, and shooting 41.9% from the field in his 53 starts. His last seven appearances were in a reserve role, in which he averaged just over	over	ADP	20	NUM	 20
The hurricane destroyed all but two houses at Port Castries, and throughout the island about 6,000 perished. Among the ships lost from Rodney's fleet were the frigates HMS Phoenix wrecked on the Cuban coast, and HMS Blanche which disappeared without a trace, the sixth rate	rate	NOUN	frigates	NOUN	 frigates
His admiration for William Morris led him to adopt Morris's favourite colour of green as his own, using green ink for the majority of his correspondence. Pick had not been well for some years. The stresses of his war work took a further toll on his	his	PRON	health	NOUN	 health
Vuković's changes involved diverting part of the force to attack Drniš and Sinj, resting the remainder of the attacking force. These orders were confirmed on 18 September by the JNA Military Maritime District commander, Vice Admiral Mile Kandić. The Yugoslav Navy began a blockade of	of	ADP	the	DET	 the
The fellowship's polity is a hybrid of presbyterian and congregational models. This tension between local independence and national authority is seen in the AG's historical reluctance to refer to itself as a denomination, preferring the terms fellowship and movement. The national headquarters are in Springfield	Springfield	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
After having weakened to tropical depression status, Dessilia restrengthened into a tropical storm on January 22. Increased wind shear weakened the convection, and the storm dissipated on January 24; the next day, the remnants were absorbed by a passing cold front. While intensifying and	and	CCONJ	passing	VERB	 passing
, or is it a pure construct of reception history? " Nielsen himself was ambiguous about his attitudes to late Romantic German music and to nationalism in music. He wrote to the Dutch composer Julius Röntgen in 1909 " I am surprised by the technical skills of the	the	DET	Germans	PROPN	 Germans
Syaoran is introduced as a young archaeologist who is in love with Sakura, his childhood friend and the princess from the Kingdom of Clow. When Sakura's memories are scattered throughout parallel dimensions, Syaoran goes on a quest to recover them, at the cost of Sakura	Sakura	PROPN	never	ADV	 never
Vincent joins the group when he learns that they may eventually meet up with Hojo, against whom Vincent has an unexplained vendetta. Later, Vincent finds Lucrecia inside a cave, and his backstory is partly revealed. Vincent was a member of the Turks, an elite	elite	ADJ	group	NOUN	 group
The race had a total of ten cautions and twenty five lead changes among ten different drivers. Kenseth appeared in the victory lane to celebrate his first victory of the season; earning $1,589,390 for the victory. Kenseth's victory was the 300th for his team Roush	Roush	PROPN	Fenway	PROPN	 Fenway
Instead, the attraction officially opened on March 17, 1999. Test Track replaced World of Motion, though it uses the same ride building. Before the 2012 refurbishment, guests rode in " test vehicles " in a GM " testing facility " and were taken through	through	ADP	a	DET	 a
PC Gamer featured Anachronox four times in its top 100 PC games lists: # 16 (2007), # 17 (2008), # 61 (2010), & # 76 (2015). It was also USA Today's Game of the Week.	.	PUNCT	Writer	PROPN	 Writer
The snake is nocturnal, when it may be more defensive. It is, however, a timid and placid species of snake. In the daytime, it hides under stones or in holes. The snake appears from April and retreats into hibernation in November. It	It	PRON	is	AUX	 is
When the fruit body is injured and the latex is exposed, an esterase enzyme (an enzyme that splits esters into an acid and an alcohol in a chemical reaction with water called hydrolysis) presumably cleaves the inactive esterified benzoxepines into their active forms, where they can	can	AUX	help	VERB	 help
The following week, on February 6, they won the WWE Tag Team Championship by defeating Los Guerreros. They continued their rivalry with Benoit, facing him and Brock Lesnar at No Way Out in a handicap match, where they teamed with their mentor Angle in a	a	DET	losing	VERB	 losing
Cleomenes ' involvement in the plot is unclear, since ancient sources contradict each other: Polybius claims that Cleomenes ordered the murder, but Plutarch disagrees. Later in 227 BC, Cleomenes bribed the ephors to allow him to continue his campaign against the Achaeans. Having succeeded	succeeded	VERB	with	ADP	 with
Cooke saw action at the Battle of the Saintes, at which Duke was heavily engaged. He remained with Gardner following the signing of the Treaty of Paris in 1783, bringing an end to the American War of Independence, and served as his first lieutenant aboard his	his	PRON	next	ADJ	 next
From 1964, Ny Ålesund became a research outpost, and a facility for the European Space Research Organisation. Petroleum test drilling was started in 1963 and continued until 1984, but no commercially viable fields were found. From 1960, regular charter flights were made from the	the	DET	mainland	NOUN	 mainland
These warnings were canceled on February 14. During the cyclone, RSMC Nadi placed the Lau Islands under a strong wind warning, and a damaging swell warning was declared for Fiji. Businesses in Nuku ' alofa closed as the storm passed by. At the Fuaʻamotu station	station	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
" The theater space can be assembled on an as needed basis within the building and equipment, including the 104 foot (32 m) wide stage, can be dismantled and stored in the stadium. The theater's acoustics were improved by installing panels on the ceiling	ceiling	NOUN	and	CCONJ	 and
Some groups had very specific forms of resistance and became extremely specialized. The Service D group, for example, had many members in the national postal service and used them to intercepting letters of denunciation, warning the denounced person to flee. In this way, they	they	PRON	succeeded	VERB	 succeeded
In Resava, Levač, Temnić, and Jadar of Serbia, as well as in Ozren and Romanija of Bosnia, the badnjak is cut into three logs associated respectively with the men, the women, and the children. In the evening, a man of the	the	DET	family	NOUN	 family
The Alexander the Great campaign recounts the young king's conquest of Asia. The beginning cinematic is of the killing of Philip II of Macedon, Alexander's father, and introduces Alexander as a naive and unprepared prince, who is challenged by the duties thrust upon him	him	PRON	.	PUNCT	.
" In the spring of 1873, the navy created the civilian post of Inspector of Naval Bands, with a rank of Collegiate Assessor, and appointed Rimsky Korsakov. This kept him on the navy payroll and listed on the roster of the Chancellery of the Navy Department	Department	PROPN	but	CCONJ	 but
The artillery, although shocked to find a French Corps advancing straight toward them, immediately opened fire, as did the Russian infantry on both sides of Augereau's corps. The result was devastating. Five thousand French soldiers fell in a matter of minutes and the entire	entire	ADJ	engagement	NOUN	 engagement
According to the report, Heikkinen, “ in his typically pungent manner, nipped Ford ’ s eulogies in the bud with some poignant remarks on who was trying to kid who and how. ” The 1938 Northwestern game ended in a scoreless tie. Heikkinen led a	a	DET	goal	NOUN	 goal
Whether they were related with the family of Marco Polo is uncertain, but this could indicate that his ancestors traveled between Venice and Dalmatia. Some of the first indications of where his family originated and were resident come from Venetian documents and manuscripts. In the 1280 testament	testament	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
Mr Gurney addressed the jury, explaining the circumstances of the disturbances carried out by the mob in Ely. Nine witnesses were called. Mr Justice Abbott spoke to the jury for a long time. The jury retired for fifteen minutes. On returning, it pronounced as	as	ADP	guilty	ADJ	 guilty
Richter appears halfway through, leading the armada of airships. Capra appears near the end of the video alongside Jackson as he watches the airships above. Richter looks down and sees him and extends his arm to bring him up to the airship as Capra floats upward toward	toward	ADP	it	PRON	 it
Beyoncé crafted most songs on B ' Day through live instrumentation and diverse techniques. This is evident on " Déjà Vu ", which utilizes bass guitar, conga, hi hat, horns and the 808 drum; it also features rap vocals by Jay Z. In an	an	DET	interview	NOUN	 interview
Jemima is a headstrong innocent distracted by her overwhelming desire to nest, and thus unable to penetrate the fox's designs and comprehend her dangerous situation. The tension rises in increments from the mysterious feather filled shed (the place of slaughter), to the fox's	's	PART	plan	NOUN	 plan
The race came about following a challenge laid down to the University of Oxford by University of Cambridge " to row a match at or near London, each in an eight oared boat during the ensuing Easter vacation ". Oxford wore dark blue jerseys while Cambridge wore "	"	PUNCT	white	ADJ	 white
The Jet was featured on the cover of the September 1951 issue of Popular Science along with a Jaguar and an MG. It featured its own design, with aluminum body panels and a removable fiberglass top. Paint schemes were extravagant, with names like " Mars Red	Red	PROPN	"	PUNCT	 "
Robert Patrick called the episode his " favorite episode, " because the writers saw a chance to really create a " vulnerable " moment for the his character, John Doggett. The character of Andre Bormanis was named after one of Spotnitz's childhood friends, who went	went	VERB	on	ADP	 on
Present day Route 109 was designated as a part of pre 1927 Route 14 in 1917 before becoming the southernmost portion of Route 4 in 1927. By the 1940s, US 9 extended south to Cape May from Absecon along this part of Route 4. In 1953,	,	PUNCT	the	DET	 the
" Idol proceeded to consult with various writers familiar with the computer related magazines, such as Mondo 2000, and Boing Boing. Idol also hosted a " cyber meeting " attended by the likes of Timothy Leary, famed counterculture guru; Jaime Levy, author of books	books	NOUN	published	VERB	 published
The universal veil is grey. Spores are white, spherical in shape, non amyloid, and measure 10.2 – 11.7 micrometres. The mushrooms are considered edible, but field guides typically advise caution in selecting them for consumption, due to risks of confusion with similar toxic	toxic	ADJ	species	NOUN	 species
There is a dividing line; charitable trusts discussing political issues can be valid, as discussed by Hoffmann J obiter dicta in Attorney General v Ross. This line is considered by the Charity Commission in their official guidelines, which allow the Commission to look at the wider	wider	ADJ	purpose	NOUN	 purpose
The former alignment of Route 94 between the Delaware Bridge and the Portland – Columbia Toll Bridge became a part of US 46. By 1969, US 611 was routed out of New Jersey, and Route 94 was extended to the state line on the Portland – Columbia	Columbia	PROPN	Toll	PROPN	 Toll
Violence again broke out after the assassination; Isabeau had troops patrol Paris and, to protect the Dauphin Louis, Duke of Guyenne, she again left the city for Melun. In August she staged an entry to Paris for the Dauphin, and early in the new	new	ADJ	year	NOUN	 year
In the first, at Five Mile Run, he gives no American losses. In the second, at Stockton Hollow, he gives the American casualties as 6 killed, 10 wounded and 1 deserted. William S. Stryker, on the other hand, gives the entire	entire	ADJ	American	ADJ	 American
It began serialisation in France in Cœurs Vaillants from 29 December 1935, and later in the Swiss magazine L ' Écho Illustré. Alongside protagonists Tintin and Snowy, Hergé also included the detectives Thomson and Thompson in the story, who had been introduced in the previous story	story	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
The hurricane moved ashore near Sabine Pass, Texas later that day at peak strength. Once inland, the storm executed a sharp curve to the north and quickly weakened, degenerating into a tropical storm on August 8 before dissipating over Arkansas on August 10. Reports of	of	ADP	a	DET	 a
" I should have known better, " he said in 1992. Speaking in 1996, Wallace stated, " That is — God help us — what our understanding was of the homosexual lifestyle a mere twenty five years ago because nobody was out of the closet and	and	CCONJ	because	SCONJ	 because
Flooding from the storm's remnants caused about $19.6 million in damage (2003 USD, $25.2 million 2016 USD), which was compounded by the effects of Hurricane Isabel a week later. A tropical wave spawned Hurricane Isabel on September 6 in the tropical Atlantic	Atlantic	PROPN	Ocean	PROPN	 Ocean
Mountainous areas – particularly in the west coast of Sumatra, West Java, Kalimantan, Sulawesi, and Papua – receive the highest rainfall. Humidity is generally high, averaging about 80%. Temperatures vary little throughout the year; the average daily temperature range of Jakarta	Jakarta	PROPN	is	AUX	 is
The Coleambally Irrigation Area, established in 1968, was the last of the major government sponsored irrigation developments in New South Wales. The high soil fertility and abundance of water in the Riverina floodplain has made the Riverina region one of the most productive farming regions in Australia	Australia	PROPN	with	ADP	 with
Australian assessments of the Viet Cong 275th Regiment were seemingly reinforced by its unsuccessful attempt to ambush a convoy from US 11th Armoured Cavalry Regiment (11 ACR) on 2 December 1966. Meanwhile, after Westmoreland had again pressed Vincent on what he saw as the limited results	results	NOUN	achieved	VERB	 achieved
Besides appearing in many TV programs and movies, Davis founded his own acting school, the William Davis Centre for Actors Study. In his personal life, Davis is an avid water skier, lectures on skepticism at events such as the Committee for Skeptical Inquiry's CSICon	CSICon	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
They deliberately saved the most intense music for the final chapter of Phantasmagoria, when the game becomes the most intense. During some chase scenes, drums and low strings are used in the score to simulate a heartbeat, which grows louder and louder during more dangerous moments	moments	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
Almost all of the energy would have been generated by the forelimbs. The upstroke of the wings would have occurred when the animal cleared the ground followed by a rapid down stroke to generate additional lift and complete the launch into the air. The diet of Pteranodon is	is	AUX	known	VERB	 known
The swimmer has to bring their own tapper. Having a tapper is optional. In blind archery, B3 archers must use a tactile sighting device, and be unable to use a bowsight. There are some rule differences for the B3 classification in competition that are sport	sport	NOUN	specific	ADJ	 specific
" On May 16, 1929, the first Academy Award ceremony was held at the Hotel Roosevelt in Hollywood to honor outstanding film achievements of 1927 – 1928. Wings was entered in a number of categories and was the first film to win the Academy Award for Best	Best	PROPN	Picture	PROPN	 Picture
Laura wrote that Bob was a friend of her father, and in another entry wrote, " Someday I'm going to tell the world about Ben Horne. " Audrey then enters and tells Cooper about Ben and Laura's affair. After she leaves, Cooper reminds	reminds	VERB	Sheriff	PROPN	 Sheriff
On Easter weekend 1991, Kennedy was at a get together at the family's Palm Beach, Florida, estate when, restless and maudlin after reminiscing about his brother in law, he left for a late night visit to a local bar, getting his son Patrick	Patrick	PROPN	and	CCONJ	 and
The route intersects Highway 8 (Huron Street), and becomes concurrent with it briefly to cross the North Thames River before branching back northeast along St. George Street. Midway between Mitchell and the village of Monkton, the highway bisects the community of Bornholm within the municipality	municipality	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
Changes to the offside rule in the 1925 – 26 season resulted in an increase in the number of goals scored during matches. Liverpool contributed to this, with big victories over Manchester United and Newcastle United, but could only manage a seventh place finish. In 1920	1920	NUM	,	PUNCT	,
The gun fired 10.8 pound (4.9 kg) shells to a range of about 8,600 yards (7,864 m) at its maximum elevation of 21 degrees with a muzzle velocity of 2,700 ft / s (820 m / s). The rate of fire was between	between	ADP	12	NUM	 12
Coconut crabs live alone in underground burrows and rock crevices, depending on the local terrain. They dig their own burrows in sand or loose soil. During the day, the animal stays hidden to reduce water loss from heat. The coconut crabs ' burrows contain very	very	ADV	fine	ADJ	 fine
Tarkovsky successfully resisted such major changes, and after a few minor edits Solaris was approved for release in March 1972. The soundtrack of Solaris features the chorale prelude for organ, Ich ruf ' zu dir, Herr Jesu Christ (BWV 639), by Johann Sebastian	Sebastian	PROPN	Bach	PROPN	 Bach
In the facility are thousands of capsules holding human test subjects. Although Chris discovers that one of the capsules is Jill's, it is empty. When they leave, they discover that Tricell CEO Excella Gionne has been plotting with Wesker to launch missiles with the Uroboros	Uroboros	PROPN	virus	NOUN	 virus
The " clearance, replanning, development or redevelopment of blighted areas " is made a public and state duty. The redevelopment of any of these properties is permitted to be completed by municipal, public, or private corporations. The continuing of appropriation of moneys to the	the	DET	corporation	NOUN	 corporation
The sovereign, when acting on the Council's advice, is known as the King in Council or Queen in Council. The members of the Council are collectively known as The Lords of Her Majesty's Most Honourable Privy Council (sometimes The Lords and others of...	...	PUNCT	)	PUNCT	)
The mushroom's habitat consists of areas dominated by pine (Pinus spp.), spruce (Picea spp.), hemlock (Tsuga spp.) and fir (Abies spp.) trees, although other hosts include chestnut, chinquapin, beech, Keteleeria spp	spp	PROPN	.	PROPN	.
After leaving school, at the age of 16, he worked as a stagehand at Perth Repertory Theatre and studied a foundation course in drama at Kirkcaldy College of Technology, before moving to London to study drama at the Guildhall School of Music and Drama when he was	was	AUX	18	NUM	 18
The Canberra Deep Space Communication Complex was officially opened on 19 March 1965 by Prime Minister Menzies, and is the only station still in operation in the ACT, communicating with interplanetary spacecraft. The Orroral Valley Tracking Station, which was for orbiting satellite support, opened in	in	ADP	May	PROPN	 May
This constituted an increase over the previous episode, " Jerry's Painting ", which was seen by an estimated 4.71 million households. The ratings improvement came despite the fact that the lead in episode of The Office that immediately followed Parks and Recreation – " The Inner	Inner	PROPN	Circle	PROPN	 Circle
Sam and Max, the Freelance Police, are two comic book characters created by Steve Purcell, who act as private detectives and vigilantes. Sam & Max Hit the Road follows the pair on a case that takes them from their office in New York City across the	the	DET	United	PROPN	 United
By 1523, the French situation had entirely collapsed. The death of Doge Antonio Grimani brought Andrea Gritti, a veteran of the War of the League of Cambrai, to power in Venice. He quickly began negotiations with the Emperor and on 29 July concluded the Treaty	Treaty	PROPN	of	ADP	 of
The storm moved inland roughly 30 mi (48 km) north of Cozumel at the northern edge of the Yucatan Peninsula on August 19. Roughly 24 hours after landfall, the center of Brenda passed directly over the city of Mérida, Yucatán. By this time,	,	PUNCT	a	DET	 a
Stunt work aimed for realistic action, prioritizing practical effects. The fight scenes were staged for months, with a choreography that aimed to highlight Captain America's superhuman qualities, and " move away from impressionistic action into specificity ": the raid on the S.H.I.E.L.D. vessel had	had	VERB	stealthiness	NOUN	 stealthiness
The life expectancy in Bahrain is 73 for males and 76 for females. Compared to many countries in the region, the prevalence of AIDS and HIV is relatively low. Malaria and tuberculosis (TB) do not constitute major problems in Bahrain as neither disease is indigenous	indigenous	ADJ	to	ADP	 to
As Fanny Imlay grew up, her father increasingly relied on her to placate tradespeople who demanded bills be paid and to solicit money from men such as Place. According to Todd and Seymour, Imlay believed in Godwin's theory that great thinkers and artists should be supported	supported	VERB	by	ADP	 by
The submarine noted the lack of warning, and sent the warning to U boat command. However, Operation Enclose, 20 – 28 March 1943 achieved revenge. During this period, 41 U boats passed through the Bay, with 26 sightings and 15 attacks. Only	Only	ADV	U	PROPN	 U
In 2011, Gates explained that Chinese fifth generation fighter developments had been accounted for when the number of F 22s was set, and that the U.S. would have a considerable advantage in stealth aircraft in 2025, even with F 35 delays. In December 2011, the	the	DET	195th	NOUN	 195th
English rock group the Yardbirds recorded " The Train Kept A Rollin ' " during their first American tour in 1965. It is based on Johnny Burnette's adaptation, but Beck biographer Annette Carson comments their " propulsive, power driven version, however, deviated radically from	from	ADP	the	DET	 the
The game features a field map and battle screen. The field map is an isometric area where the player can traverse between rooms. Enemies inhabit the field map and track the player to engage in combat, which can be initiated through contact between the player and an	an	DET	enemy	NOUN	 enemy
However, a secret trust does not have to obey the separate formalities of the Law of Property Act 1925, even when it concerns land and one solution to this problem is to consider them constructive. Some commentators believe that half secret trusts may fall into a different	different	ADJ	category	NOUN	 category
EUS may be used to obtain biopsy (tissue sample) of suspicious masses. EUS may also replace diagnostic ERCP for stone disease, although this depends on local availability. Bile is produced by the liver, and serves to eliminate cholesterol and bilirubin from the body,	,	PUNCT	as	ADV	 as
More recently, Sibelius was also one of the composers championed by Robert Simpson. Malcolm Arnold acknowledged his influence, and Arthur Butterworth also saw Sibelius's music as a source of inspiration in his work. Eugene Ormandy and to a lesser extent, his predecessor with the	the	DET	Philadelphia	PROPN	 Philadelphia
" He concluded that it is " affecting, fun and deeply enjoyable. " Mania.com reviewed the first three episodes of Steins Gate and gave it an A- grade, stating that its " execution and the characters involved " make it " very fun and extremely engaging to	to	PART	watch	VERB	 watch
Only monk seals live in waters that are not typically cool or rich in nutrients. The Caspian seal and Baikal seal are found in large landlocked bodies of water (the Caspian Sea and Lake Baikal respectively). As a whole, pinnipeds can be found in a	a	DET	variety	NOUN	 variety
For example, in the Basque phrase ikusi nauzu, or " you saw me ", the past tense auxiliary verb n au zu (similar to English " do ") agrees with both the subject (you) expressed by the n- prefix, and with the	the	DET	object	NOUN	 object
She performed the song on Today show concert on October 26, 2010. She was scheduled to give a live performance at JetBlue's T5 Terminal at New York John F. Kennedy International Airport where she sang " Mine " and several songs from Speak Now. On October	October	PROPN	27	NUM	 27
Later, the son of a wheelchair bound man, whom Jim spotted earlier, shoves Sara, who scrapes her knee. Jim takes her to the park nurse, who while treating his daughter, seems extremely unsettled by the " cat flu " apparently spreading among the	the	DET	parks	NOUN	 parks
Structure 5D 28 was built very late in the Early Classic period (around the 6th century). A trio of small Early Classic temples (Temples 29 to 31) stand upon a common platform at the east end of the terrace, facing west. It is	is	AUX	likely	ADJ	 likely
Rice wine (sake), radishes and " bliss buns " (kangi dan) are offered to the god. While Kangiten is worshipped throughout Japan, Hōzan ji on the summit of Mount Ikoma is his most important and active temple. Though the temple is believed	believed	VERB	to	PART	 to
It would have required elevators to conform to the Americans with Disabilities Act. This plan was abandoned because it would have segregated the handicapped. Gehry had only designed two bridges previously, both in the mid 1990s (Pferdeturm USTRA Bridge in Hanover, Germany and Financial Times	Times	PROPN	Millennium	PROPN	 Millennium
He had visited the Byzantine court as an official ambassador and probably knew more about Byzantine affairs than any other Latin chronicler. He shared the poor opinion of Alexius I Comnenus that had developed during the First Crusade, although he was also critical of some of the crusaders	crusaders	NOUN	'	PART	 '
In 1926, he was appointed to a Royal Commission considering cross river traffic in London with particular reference to the Waterloo and St Paul's bridges. Inglis founded the Cambridge Engineers ' Association to promote social activities at the University, and saw Sir Charles Parsons appointed as	as	ADP	its	PRON	 its
The episode depicts the aftermath of the third season finale in which Peter Bishop disappears from his timeline. In the new, altered timeline, Olivia Dunham is joined by FBI agent Lincoln Lee after the latter's partner is murdered. The two work to investigate his death	death	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
The set's video screen displayed shots from the song's music video, which were accompanied by the stage's LED video curtains. Fans and critics responded favorably to the song in a live setting. Curtis Sindrey, writing for the Aesthetic Magazine Toronto, opined that	that	SCONJ	the	DET	 the
Shankly was awarded the OBE in November 1974, four months after he retired as Liverpool manager. He and Nessie went to Buckingham Palace and, according to Kelly, that was " a rare day out for them ". They continued to live in the semi detached	detached	VERB	house	NOUN	 house
She went to Cape Town for periodic maintenance from 10 October to mid November. In January 1899, she towed the disabled German East Africa Line steamer SS Setos to Dar es Salaam. For this, the Line donated a sum to the Navy, which the Reichsmarineamt	Reichsmarineamt	PROPN	(	PUNCT	 (
At times, the entire Kitkehahki band abandoned the Republican and moved to the Platte. Generally, this took place in times of war, when the bands sought protection in numbers. Movement between the Republican and the Platte probably occurred continually until about 1825. When the	the	DET	Southern	PROPN	 Southern
Montalbán and Rhue also appeared in separate episodes of Roddenberry's previous NBC television series, The Lieutenant (1963 – 1964). Main cast member George Takei did not appear in " Space Seed "; the character of Hikaru Sulu was replaced by Blaisdell Makee as Lt	Lt	PROPN	.	PROPN	.
" The next year he returned as Russell's student and abandoned his earth coloured palette for bright Impressionist colours, later stating, " Russell was my teacher, and Russell explained colour theory to me. " Russell who had been a close friend of Vincent van Gogh	Gogh	PROPN	(	PUNCT	 (
The name " Griffin " can be found on the cornice of both buildings. Both were constructed around 1900. The 106 East Washington Street building was built in the Romanesque Revival style, and a second source believes this building was constructed in the 1890s. The Russell	Russell	PROPN	Lewis	PROPN	 Lewis
Many of the deciduous trees in central Nova Scotia still had leaves, which magnified the effects of wind damage. Overall, the number of damaged trees was estimated to be in the millions. Juan claimed six lives (two directly) in Nova Scotia. Both of	of	ADP	the	DET	 the
SAS was flying a 90 seat aircraft two to three times per day between Kirkenes and Alta with only ten to fifteen passengers. The airport structure was kept, but ticket prices continued to rise. The airport served 110,000 passengers in 1983. Norving continued Varangfly's air	air	NOUN	ambulance	NOUN	 ambulance
On 23 July 1948, the XF 85 flew the first of five captive flights, designed to test whether the EB 29B and its parasite fighter could fly " mated ". The XF 85 was carried in a stowed position, but was sometimes tethered and extended into	into	ADP	the	DET	 the
Two thirds of air capability was retained by the government – however, the whole of the Republican Air Force was very outdated. The war was cast by Republican sympathizers as a struggle between tyranny and freedom, and by Nationalist supporters as communist and anarchist " red hordes	hordes	NOUN	"	PUNCT	 "
A second project, the full duplication of the Cronulla branch line, was completed in 2010. This increases the capacity of the branch line from four to eight trains per hour. The line between Oatley, Sutherland and Cronulla also received signalling upgrades to allow more services	services	NOUN	to	PART	 to
The race had become a legitimate rival to New York and continues to vie for top runners. The 1985 race was spectacular with Steve Jones breaking his own course record (2 seconds short of the world record) and Joan Benoit Samuelson the 1984 Olympic Champion, two	two	NUM	time	NOUN	 time
This transit causes a slight and regular change in the host star's brightness, which can then tested to prove the planet's existence and, later, to extrapolate the orbital parameters of the planet. Kepler 11e is first given the designation by its host star,	,	PUNCT	Kepler	PROPN	 Kepler
Staged by the company who would later become the Abbey Theatre, The Bending of the Bough was a historically important play and introduced realism into Irish literature. Lady Gregory wrote that it: " hits impartially all round ". The play was satire on Irish political life	life	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
Guru Nanak Dev visited Varanasi for Shivratri in 1507, a trip that played a large role in the founding of Sikhism. Varanasi experienced a Hindu cultural revival in the 16th century under the Muslim Mughal emperor Akbar, who invested in the city and built two large temples	temples	NOUN	dedicated	VERB	 dedicated
But this town would not contain various classes of population, but would be built for the express purpose of meeting the wants of the artisan classes, so that they whose resources are limited should be enabled to reside amid pleasant surroundings. Lord Shaftesbury then laid the memorial	memorial	ADJ	stone	NOUN	 stone
The mastiff was later returned to Legh's home and was the foundation of the Lyme Hall Mastiffs. They were bred at the hall and kept separate from other strains, figuring prominently in founding the modern breed. The strain died out around the beginning of the 20th	20th	ADJ	century	NOUN	 century
In 2004, an 18 " bronze statue of Robertson was sculpted by world renowned sculptor Harry Weber. 77 times in the regular season Robertson is the son of Mazell and Bailey Robertson. He has two brothers, Bailey Jr. and Henry. He remembers a tough childhood	childhood	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
Though never materialised, additional proposals for aid included sending special units of the German Bundeswehr to Japan, as the German Armed Forces ' decontamination equipment belongs to the most sophisticated in the world. On 2 April 2011, German Foreign Minister Westerwelle visited Tokyo on an Asia	Asia	PROPN	voyage	NOUN	 voyage
It was the Football Association who lured Robson away from Portman Road a year later, when he accepted their offer to manage the England national team in July 1982. His successor at Ipswich was his assistant manager Bobby Ferguson. Under Ferguson, Town finished mid table twice	twice	ADV	,	PUNCT	,
Wellington ordered the deputies to espouse King Louis's cause. Louis XVIII entered Paris on 8 July to a boisterous reception: the Tuileries Palace gardens were thronged with bystanders, and, according to the Duke of Wellington, the acclamation of the crowds there were so loud	loud	ADJ	that	DET	 that
Although he fails a series of physical and psychological examinations, M approves his return to the field. Bond is ordered to identify Patrice's employer, recover the stolen hard drive, and kill Patrice. He meets with Q, MI6's new quartermaster, who gives	gives	VERB	him	PRON	 him
It was the third straight year that Texas trailed Oklahoma State at halftime and came from behind to win by a sizable margin (47 – 28). Vince Young set a school record for total yards in one game with 506 yards (239 passing, 267 rushing	rushing	NOUN	)	PUNCT	)
Barcarolle No 12 in E♭ major, Op 106bis (1915) Dedicated to Louis Diémer, the twelfth barcarolle is an allegretto giocoso. It opens in what was by now for Fauré a rare uncomplicated theme, in the traditional Venetian manner, but is developed in	in	ADP	more	ADJ	 more
Many citizens of Florence feared the impending end of the republic, and a conversion to a monarchy. By the spring of 1519, her health was so poor she could no longer walk. She died in Rome on 7 February 1520. When she died, rumors	rumors	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
In some areas, the finding of a toad in a house was considered evidence that a witch was present. In the Basque Country, the familiars were believed to be toads wearing elegant robes. These were herded by children who were being trained as witches. Between	Between	ADP	1610	NUM	 1610
It has no formal powers but operates as a forum for discussing matters of common concern between the respective legislatures. Despite the two jurisdictions using two distinct currencies (the euro and pound sterling), a growing amount of commercial activity is carried out on an all Ireland	Ireland	PROPN	basis	NOUN	 basis
Armed resistance to the occupation and the NDH initially formed into two loosely cooperating factions, the Partisans who were led by communists, and the Chetniks who were mostly led by Serb – chauvinist officers of the defeated Yugoslav Army. In November and December 1941, almost all	all	PRON	Partisan	ADJ	 Partisan
The album was critically acclaimed, with Evan C. Gutierrez from Allmusic giving it four stars out of five and commenting that " Be it for the stripped, natural production value, the confident performance of Ricardo Arjona, or his relevant as ever lyricism, he's got	got	VERB	both	CCONJ	 both
A more compact type replaces the lens / beam splitter configuration with a half silvered or dichroic curved collimating mirror set at an angle that performs both tasks of focusing and combining the image of an offset reticle. This type is most often seen as the red dot type	type	NOUN	used	VERB	 used
Later, Harry finds out that the locket is not the real Horcrux, containing only a note from someone named " R. A. B. ". After Dumbledore's funeral, Harry breaks up with Ginny, saying it is too dangerous for their relationship to continue. Harry	Harry	PROPN	is	AUX	 is
The thickness of the cylinder walls is directly related to the working pressure, and this affects the buoyancy characteristics of the cylinder. A low pressure cylinder will be more buoyant than a high pressure cylinder with similar size and proportions of length to diameter and in the same	same	ADJ	alloy	NOUN	 alloy
The work ventures into transcendentalism, relying strongly on intuition, a movement and practice he had despised. Though he criticized the transcendental movement for what he referred to as incoherent mysticism, Eureka is more mystical than most transcendental works. Eureka has also been compared to the	the	DET	theories	NOUN	 theories
In the 1970s, a controversial ring road scheme and construction of the multi storey Charter House building destroyed significant parts of the old town, though some areas were spared and preserved. St Mary's Church in Ashford has been a local landmark since the 13th century,	,	PUNCT	and	CCONJ	 and
Cooke is best known for his death in hand to hand combat with French forces during the Battle of Trafalgar in 1805. During the action, his ship HMS Bellerophon was badly damaged and boarded by sailors and marines from the French ship of the line Aigle. Cooke	Cooke	PROPN	was	AUX	 was
When the Justice Party weakened in the absence of mass support, E.V. Ramasamy took over the leadership of the party after being jailed for opposing Hindi in 1939. Under his tutelage the party prospered, but the party's conservative members, most of whom were rich and	and	CCONJ	educated	VERB	 educated
Crucially, martial law as then understood was not a form of substantive law, but instead a suspension of the rule of law; it was the replacement of normal statutes with a law based on the whims of the local military commander. It was, however,	,	PUNCT	based	VERB	 based
Unable to drive the German infantry off all of the high ground, the division gained 250 yards (230 m) on a 1,000 yard (910 m) front, which achieved the objective. The 13th RWF managed to push further ahead and secured a section of	of	ADP	high	ADJ	 high
Exposure to oxygen and sunlight are the two main factors in the oxidation of food, so food is preserved by keeping in the dark and sealing it in containers or even coating it in wax, as with cucumbers. However, as oxygen is also important for plant	plant	NOUN	respiration	NOUN	 respiration
" He was chosen by local sportswriters as an all city athlete in all three sports in his senior year, and he served as captain of all three teams for one season each. After he graduated in 1944, Theodore McIntyre, Ford's high school football coach	coach	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
London and Kendrick were drafted to Raw as the first picks in the WWE Supplemental Draft on June 17, 2007 and were successful on their Raw debut, defeating The World's Greatest Tag Team (Shelton Benjamin and Charlie Haas) via a Sliced Bread # 2 performed	performed	VERB	on	ADP	 on
Michael Alig, socialite, co founding member of the Club Kids, co murderer of Angel Melendez Elijah Anderson, sociologist and author of Code of the Street Brett Banasiewicz, BMX rider Ollie Bejma, baseball player John Bromfield, actor Frank Bykowski, NFL player Brendan Bayliss	Bayliss	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
Stabilimento Tecnico Triestino (STT) of Trieste was selected for the contract to build eight vessels, ahead of one other tenderer. The T group designation signified the builder, STT. The 250 t class T group boats had a waterline length of 58.2 m (190	190	NUM	ft	PROPN	 ft
They have released eight studio albums, three compilations, two EPs, and 34 singles. They have spent a total of 180 weeks on the singles and albums charts combined as of 2012, and have accumulated 25 top 75 singles between 1997 and 2012. Feeder's	's	PART	music	NOUN	 music
On 23 November, Harrison's exasperation with the situation saw him raging against Capitol president Bhaskar Menon during a late night television interview with Dick Cavett, and threatening to take the album to a rival label. Menon then backed down, ceding much of the distribution rights	rights	NOUN	to	ADP	 to
Christian theology as classically understood – the systematic development of the classical doctrinal topics – is relatively recent and rare among this movement. Because Churches of Christ reject all formalized creeds on the basis that they add to or detract from Scripture, they generally reject most conceptual doctrinal	doctrinal	ADJ	positions	NOUN	 positions
Following their Edinburgh Fringe shows, the group enjoyed considerable success in the United Kingdom, making appearances on numerous BBC comedy shows. In 1988, the group was nominated for the Perrier Comedy Award for their performances at the Edinburgh Festival Fringe. Fidler says that the British	British	ADJ	people	NOUN	 people
However, a new terrorist group called " Heaven Smile " appears, targeting the United Nations (UN) and IEC. The members of Heaven Smile are humans who have been infected with a virus that evokes a desire to kill. Factory produced Smiles are given a	a	DET	"	PUNCT	 "
Season five's DVD was released on September 15, 2009, and includes unaired scenes, bloopers, and extended episodes. The DVD for season six, released on September 14, 2010, features deleted scenes, an extended finale, and bloopers. The seventh season	season	NOUN	's	PART	's
In July 2007, they played a sell out show at Live at the Marquee in Cork, with Noonan two years later describing that show as, " Without doubt [...] one of the best gigs of our entire Flock tour. We had played venues like	like	ADP	The	DET	 The
In addition, like its other vehicles of similar vintage, Toyota designed the Aurion within the realm of its " vibrant clarity " design language. According to chief designer Hogios, the car makes particular use of the " vibrant clarity " theory known as " perfect imbalance	imbalance	NOUN	"	PUNCT	 "
In 1814, Mary began a romance with one of her father's political followers, the then married Percy Bysshe Shelley. Together with Mary's stepsister Claire Clairmont, Mary and Shelley left for France and traveled through Europe. Upon their return to England, Mary was	was	AUX	pregnant	ADJ	 pregnant
The motive for the plot was unclear, but was described variously as a response to the acrimonious campaign and to Booker's campaign promises to take a harder line on crime. Booker assumed office as mayor of Newark on July 1, 2006. After his first week	week	NOUN	in	ADP	 in
The gunmen took 26 people hostage — mostly embassy staff, but several visitors and a police officer, who had been guarding the embassy, were also held. The hostage takers, members of an Iranian Arab group campaigning for Arab national sovereignty in the southern region of	of	ADP	Khūzestān	PROPN	 Khūzestān
The icon reflects influences from the Gupta period and the Gandhara architectural tradition. While as per one interpretation, the animal heads represent Vishnu's avatar Narasimha (lion headed man) and Varaha (boar), another theory based on Pancharatra texts relates the four heads to	to	ADP	Chaturvyuha	PROPN	 Chaturvyuha
1335 – 17 May 1395) was the de jure Serbian king from 1371 to 1395, while he was the de facto ruler of territory in western Macedonia centered on the town of Prilep. He is known as Prince Marko (Serbian Cyrillic: Краљевић Марко, Kraljević	Kraljević	PROPN	Marko	PROPN	 Marko
This was first tested for Hurricane Rita in 2005. These types of sensors can be placed in locations that will be submerged, and can accurately measure the height of water above them. After surge from a cyclone has receded, teams of surveyors map high water marks	marks	NOUN	(	PUNCT	 (
Parts of it were culverted in 1847 to allow the construction of Lincoln Central railway station. From Lincoln, the river again turns first east, then south, making a cut through an belt of upland known as the Lincoln Gap. This section is again believed to	to	PART	have	AUX	 have
Hitcham's bequest had meanwhile become entangled in the law courts and work did not begin on the poorhouse until the late 1650s, by which time the internal buildings of castle were being broken up for the value of their stone; the chapel had been destroyed in this	this	DET	way	NOUN	 way
Under the Act of Parliament that instituted the Regency, the Prince's formal title as Regent was " Regent of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland ". 26 December 1765: Knight of the Garter 21 November 1783: Privy Counsellor 26 January 1789: Fellow	Fellow	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
" Spector wanted to add a string section to the track in Los Angeles, but Lennon insisted that the recording was complete. Having only recently returned to producing, after the commercial failure of Ike & Tina Turner's 1966 single " River Deep – Mountain High "	"	PUNCT	in	ADP	 in
The " Endangered Places " program raises awareness of the state's " historic treasures in need of the advocacy and support to save them from demise ". According to the League, the deteriorating garden needed " maintenance, a business plan and a publicity campaign to ensure	ensure	VERB	stewardship	NOUN	 stewardship
Young learned that the Joker had been funding her research to create an army of superhuman henchmen; her refusal to hand over the formula precipitated Joker's return to the Asylum. While searching for Young, Batman is again attacked by Scarecrow and the fear toxin, and	and	CCONJ	hallucinates	VERB	 hallucinates
The relationships of ownership of the industry, the banking sector and rural property after the nationalization and the land reform were fundamentally altered. The changes, implemented in the name of egalitarianism, enjoyed broad societal approval and support. The structure of the Polish economy was established	established	VERB	in	ADP	 in
The group was succeeded by the Sarawak Liberation League (SLL) in 1954 and later by the CCO. Its activities spread from schools to trade unions and farmers. The activities of the CCO were mainly concentrated in the southern and central regions of Sarawak. It also	also	ADV	successfully	ADV	 successfully
Beginning the second side, " Playground Twist " is a " swirling mass of flanged guitars " with church bells; it includes a nursery rhyme section. The song " talks about adults who act like children and children who think they're adults ". Siouxsie explained	explained	VERB	:	PUNCT	:
Ultimately, the defenders were defeated and the fortress was occupied by the Ottomans in 1537. After more than a century under Ottoman rule, in 1669, Klis Fortress was besieged and seized by the Republic of Venice, thus moving the border between Christian and Muslim Europe	Europe	PROPN	further	ADV	 further
He held his lead to the summit finish at the Peyragudes ski resort. In the group behind Wiggins and Froome attacked their rivals to finish nineteen seconds later. Nibali came in seventh, a further eighteen down. In the following stage, six riders from a breakaway	breakaway	NOUN	were	AUX	 were
We sincerely apologize for any offense. " The company then faced further criticism online, this time both from customers who were still unhappy that Steinem had been featured in the first place, and customers who were unhappy that Steinem had been removed. In Jennifer Lopez's	's	PART	2016	NUM	 2016
Wisden opined that " no Australian made a greater personal contribution to the playing success of the 1948 side ". Jack Fingleton wrote that Australia had never sent a greater left hander to England. Upon returning to Australia, Johnston played in the 1948 – 49 Australian season	season	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
Qualifying consisted of three parts, 18, 15 and 12 minutes in length respectively, with six drivers eliminated from competing after each of the first two sessions. During the first part of qualifying (Q1), Lewis Hamilton set the fastest time, a new fastest	fastest	ADJ	lap	NOUN	 lap
Demographic diversity. Norwegian demographics have undergone significant changes the last few decades, resulting in new religious buildings Norwegian building traditions. While it may be too much to speak of a renaissance in traditional Norwegian architecture, more and more urban planning is affected by the need to	to	PART	preserve	VERB	 preserve
Days after issuing his caveat laden challenge, Spinks was described by an onlooking journalist as " very uneasy until the seventeenth inning " as a spectator at the 14.2 balkline World Champion challenge match between Ives and incumbent Schaefer; the latter's point total had been trailing,	,	PUNCT	sometimes	ADV	 sometimes
Unlike the Great Lakes and Illinois Country tribes, Ohio Native Americans had no great attachment to the French regime. They had fought as French allies in the previous war in an effort to drive away the British. They made a separate peace with the British with the	the	DET	understanding	NOUN	 understanding
Erick soon moved into cooler waters. This quickly weakened the cyclone and was downgraded to a tropical depression on July 20. It dissipated the next day, without ever impacting any land masses. Flossie originated form a tropical wave that entered the Pacific Ocean on July 20	20	NUM	.	PUNCT	.
The development toolkit for the Motorola CPU included a compiler for the C programming language, which the two programmers were familiar with. After Atari had conducted performance evaluations, it approved usage of the language. Cerny and Flanagan's decision to program Marble Madness in the C	C	PROPN	language	NOUN	 language
The club went the whole season without an away victory, and were relegated back to League Two on the final day of the season following a 3 – 0 defeat to Wycombe Wanderers. Julian made 33 appearances during the 2009 – 10 season, keeping eight clean sheets	sheets	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
We call in our diplomatic missions, barely keeping up those to the more important nations. Outlined by Jefferson in his 1801 inaugural address, the Washington Doctrine of Unstable Alliances asserted that the U.S. should consider its external military alliances temporary arrangements of convenience and freely abandon (	(	PUNCT	or	CCONJ	or
The club plays matches at Central Coast Stadium, a 20,059 seat stadium in Gosford; its purpose built training facility, Mariners Centre of Excellence, is located in the suburb of Tuggerah. The facility is also home to a youth team that competes in the National Youth	Youth	PROPN	League	PROPN	 League
The writer stated that of the few shreds that remained, he himself possessed a fragment. The c.1800 manuscript also stated that the flag was once held in an iron chest, within Dunvegan Castle. The key to the chest was then always in the possession of the	the	DET	hereditary	ADJ	 hereditary
and that Baltimore had the son of a Protestant forcibly baptised as a Catholic. Although Stourton's complaints were investigated by the Privy Council, due to Baltimore's support in high places, the case was dismissed. Baltimore had become disenchanted with conditions in " this wofull	wofull	ADJ	country	NOUN	 country
However, it is possible that homozygous embryos from alleles of missense and splice site mutations might be viable because they have less effect on gene function. A 2013 study also unearthed horses that were compound W5 / W20 heterozygotes, almost completely white, essentially with greater depigmentation	depigmentation	NOUN	than	SCONJ	 than
Inside the purse and middle piece is a coiled thread of interwoven hyphae called the funicular cord, attached at one end to the peridiole and at the other end to an entangled mass of hyphae called the hapteron. C. olla has a wide purse with an upper portion	portion	NOUN	not	PART	 not
He was escorted by von Krempler, who spoke Turkish. The Mufti successfully convinced the Muslims to ignore the declarations of the Sarajevo, Mostar and Banja Luka Ulama (Islamic clerics), who in 1941 forbade them from collaborating with the Ustaše. The Germans emphasised that	that	SCONJ	al	PROPN	 al
It gained a Nielsen rating of 4.4, making it the nineteenth most watched program in the week of October 31 to November 6. The episode was positively received by critics. Maureen Ryan of the Chicago Tribune called " PTV " " Family Guy's most rebellious outing	outing	NOUN	yet	ADV	 yet
Cmdr. Walker's first month in the region began poorly, however, when his ship collided with the French war steamer Milan, then adrift off South West Pass, Mississippi River. Although damage to De Soto was slight, the Milan was disabled and thus needed	needed	VERB	a	DET	 a
The Chapel is seen in Gawain's eyes as an evil place: foreboding, " the most accursed church ", " the place for the Devil to recite matins "; but when the mysterious Knight allows Gawain to live, Gawain immediately assumes the role of penitent	penitent	NOUN	to	ADP	 to
Generally light rainfall was reported across much of southern and eastern Georgia, though up to 5.34 inches (136 mm) fell near Richmond Hill. In Chatham County, a portion of U.S. Route 25 was temporarily closed due to flooding. Along the coast of South Carolina	Carolina	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
In June 2007 Inter exercised the option and purchased another half for additional €190,000. On 8 November 2007, as part of Sheffield F.C. ' s 150th anniversary celebrations, Balotelli featured in a friendly between the two sides at Sheffield United's Bramall Lane. The game	game	NOUN	finished	VERB	 finished
He credited his drama teacher, Gerry Speca, as an important artistic influence, though Ben Affleck, his good friend and schoolmate, got the " biggest roles and longest speeches ". Damon attended Harvard University, where he was a resident of Lowell House (Harvard	Harvard	PROPN	College	PROPN	 College
One black motorist observed in the early 1940s that while black travelers felt free in the mornings, by the early afternoon a " small cloud " had appeared. By the late afternoon, " it casts a shadow of apprehension on our hearts and sours us a little	little	ADJ	.	PUNCT	.
Judicial terms were changed to six years and the Court's size was set to a minimum of three members and not more than five. The Court's judges quickly became overwhelmed by an ever increasing caseload. In 1853 the minimum was increased to four members and in	in	ADP	1872	NUM	 1872
Spruance was replaced on the supporting tour by the band's former roadie Dean Menta. However, Spruance did play live with Faith No More for the first time in November 2011, playing the entire album during a show in Chile. Critical reception to the album has	has	AUX	been	AUX	 been
The Imperial War Museum originated during the First World War in 1917 as the National War Museum committee, formed by the British government to record the war effort and sacrifice of Britain and her Empire. The museum opened in 1920, by which point it had been renamed	renamed	VERB	the	DET	 the
Fearing that what they considered a better story was to be lost if the changes to " Yesterday's Enterprise " were undertaken, Stillwell talked to Piller and pitched their Guardian of Forever story. While intrigued by elements, Piller felt the use of the Guardian was a	a	DET	"	PUNCT	 "
He took office on June 2, 2008 and served until April 16, 2014, when he resigned to run for Governor of Arizona in the Republican Primary. In 2013 14, he served as president of the United States Conference of Mayors. His previous employment includes	includes	VERB	serving	VERB	 serving
Having just completed the tracks for his fourth album in 1996, Walker was playing basketball with a friend, when he began to experience numbness, facial spasms, and double vision. Magnetic resonance imaging revealed that he had multiple sclerosis (MS). Walker subsequently began	began	VERB	changing	VERB	 changing
Players who had pre ordered the game could also get the original Crysis for free. On 4 March 2015, the game was made available for Android via Nvidia Shield. The Crysis Trilogy bundle was released on 20 February 2014 consisting of the original, the Deluxe Edition	Edition	PROPN	of	ADP	 of
The two parts were screwed together using levers to facilitate the work. In Europe, one of the earliest mentions of gunpowder appeared in Roger Bacon's " Opus Maior ". It describes a recipe for gunpowder and recognized its military use: We can, with saltpeter	saltpeter	NOUN	and	CCONJ	 and
Thus, on October 31 the comuneros left the Alcázar of Toledo and new officials were appointed to run the city. The truce guaranteed the freedom and property of all the comuneros. The new administrator of Toledo restored order and brought the city back under royal control.	.	PUNCT	However	ADV	 However
Thomas was listed as the " keeper " of the hotel, and Weldy (identified as " Welda ") was listed as having no employment. Weldy remained politically active in his later years and was a friend of Harry C. Smith, the owner and editor of	of	ADP	The	DET	 The
These tributary embassies that had come to see the now fallen Longwu Emperor of the Southern Ming were forwarded to Beijing, and eventually sent home with instructions about submitting to the Qing. The King of the Ryūkyū Islands sent his first tribute mission to the Qing in 1649	1649	NUM	,	PUNCT	,
He hoped that coaching the Russian club would help him land an NHL head coaching position in the future. He never coached a game for Lokomotiv, as on September 7, 2011, the team's plane crashed on take off en route to their first game of	of	ADP	the	DET	 the
Instead, players fight in real time, controlling one of four different types of units, Mech, Recon, Tank, and Artillery, at a time with the touchpad. Each has strengths and weaknesses when graded in the four categories of firepower, rate of fire	fire	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
In October 1849 a convention to discuss railroads was held in Memphis, in response to a separate convention called in St. Louis earlier in the fall, which had discussed a northern route. The Memphis convention overwhelmingly advocated the construction of a route beginning there, to connect	connect	VERB	with	ADP	 with
Ball was as much a loner on the ground as in the air, preferring to stay in his hut on the flight line away from other squadron members. His off duty hours were spent tending his small garden and practising the violin. Though not unsociable per se	se	X	,	PUNCT	,
" There were a lot of people on the set. Jim is not one of those guys who has the time to win hearts and minds, " he said. The crew felt that Cameron had an evil alter ego, and nicknamed him " Mij " (	(	PUNCT	Jim	PROPN	Jim
Essentially, this established a wide area in which patents could be granted, on the condition that monopolies lasted no longer than 14 years. These patents would apply to any new " manner " of " manufacture ", with " manufacture " referring both to the creation	creation	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
It was hypothesized that the bark of these trees had become more acid in recent years because of increasing atmospheric pollution (specifically, increases in the levels of sulfuric and nitric acid from industrial smoke), providing a more suitable substrate for the fungus. The fungus is	is	AUX	found	VERB	 found
The facade of Augustus was no longer maintained, and Tiberius openly displayed the strength of the guard at parades. In his capacity of Praetorian prefect, Sejanus quickly became a trusted advisor to Tiberius. By 23, he exerted a considerable influence over the decisions of the	the	DET	emperor	NOUN	 emperor
Named for Empress Augusta, who died in January 1890, she was laid down in 1890, launched in January 1892, and completed in November of that year. Owing to budgetary restrictions, Kaiserin Augusta was designed to fill both fleet scout and colonial cruiser roles.	.	PUNCT	The	DET	 The
" Kissing You " was covered by Taylor Dayne, whose version appears as the eighth track on her fifth studio album, Satisfied (2008). Her recording contains slow jam drums and backing singers. Australian Idol winner Stan Walker recorded his rendition of the song as	as	ADP	the	DET	 the
During this period, Anatoly Bogatyrev, creator of the opera In Polesye Virgin Forest, served as the " tutor " of Belarusian composers. The National Academic Theatre of Ballet in Minsk was awarded the Benois de la Dance Prize in 1996 as the top ballet company in	in	ADP	the	DET	 the
He was a scholar in high school who maintained a 3.7 average and was a member of the National Honor Society. In track, Van Bergen competed in the discus throw. He went undefeated during the regular season of his junior year and placed 13th at the 2006	2006	NUM	Michigan	PROPN	 Michigan
The Lusitano takes its name from Lusitania, an ancient Roman name for the region that today is Portugal. A very similar horse, the Spanish Andalusian, originally described the horses of distinct quality that came from Andalusia in Spain. Some sources state that the Andalusian and	and	CCONJ	the	DET	 the
He then captained the SS Edenvale, which was bombed on 17 October 1941. Thomas Donohue (Second Mate) went on to captain MV Kerlogue, replacing Desmond Fortune who was unable to walk following the RAF attack on it. James Burke (Radio Officer) had	had	AUX	served	VERB	 served
Fifty seven years later, Tolkien remembered his regret at leaving the view of the eternal snows of Jungfrau and Silberhorn (" the Silvertine (Celebdil) of my dreams "). They went across the Kleine Scheidegg to Grindelwald and on across the Grosse Scheidegg to Meiringen	Meiringen	PROPN	.	PUNCT	.
L Dubba E demands that JTRO defeat Triple Decka 1 K before he will accept JTRO's challenge. JTRO begins a grueling training regime with BLT to regain his former level of skill. Before his match with Triple Decka 1 K, BLT gives BTRO's boots to	to	ADP	JTRO	PROPN	 JTRO
Dantzler completed 15 of 32 passes for one touchdown and 180 yards, while Simmons completed six of 12 passes for 63 yards, one touchdown, and two interceptions. On the ground, Dantzler led all rushers with 18 carries for 81 yards. Clemson's No.	.	NOUN	2	NUM	 2
Development of Wild Guns lasted approximately five months and was led by Taniguchi. Wild Guns was heavily influenced by Dynamite Duke and Blood Bros. during development. The space western setting was largely influenced by the space western manga Cobra. The screen shaking and mirage like effects that	that	PRON	occur	VERB	 occur
Retro president Michael Kelbaugh said that the delays for the game's release gave them more time to tune the controller, which took a year. He also stated that while Retro did " a great job on the multiplayer in Metroid Prime 2 ", focus was centered	centered	VERB	on	ADP	 on
Soon after the Norman conquest, Poulton was granted to Lancaster Priory. In the 15th century, the church was given by Henry V to Syon Monastery in Middlesex. It returned to the Crown following the Dissolution of the Monasteries and from the 16th to the 20th century	century	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
As argued by notable environmental sociologist John Bellamy Foster, the predecessor to modern environmental sociology is Marx's analysis of the metabolic rift, which influenced contemporary thought on sustainability. Environmental sociology is often interdisciplinary and overlaps with the sociology of risk, rural sociology and the sociology	sociology	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
Parizeau bitterly attacked business leaders for intervening in the referendum, calling it a betrayal of their Quebec customers and workers. While Parizeau's responses were highly popular with " Yes " stalwarts, it was generally seen that speeches against business leaders were only highlighting the economic uncertainty	uncertainty	NOUN	that	PRON	 that
Skye is the largest and most populous of all with an area of 1,656 km2 (639 sq mi) and a population of just over 10,000. The southern group are in Argyll, an area roughly corresponding with the heartlands of the ancient kingdom of Dál Riata and	and	CCONJ	incorporated	VERB	 incorporated
The bizarre and unclassifiable Marcia funebre, sulla morte d'un Pappagallo (Funeral march on the death of a parrot, 1859), for three oboes, bassoon and voices, described by Kenneth Hamilton as " Monty Pythonesque ", is also of this period. The Esquisses	Esquisses	PROPN	of	ADP	 of
" Return of the Jedi costume designer Nilo Rodis Jamero commented, My vision of Jabba was literally Orson Welles when he was older. I saw him as a very refined man. Most of the villains we like are very smart people. But Phil Tippett kept imagining	imagining	VERB	him	PRON	 him
The conservation outlook is brighter than for many other whales. Commercial whaling has ceased, and the species is protected almost worldwide, though records indicate that in the eleven year period starting from 2000, Japan has caught 51 sperm whales. Fishermen do not target the creatures	creatures	NOUN	sperm	NOUN	 sperm
" He also raised the possibility of engaging other former basketball players to promote the work of the agriculture department and indicated that he would lobby to have half of Kentucky's allocation of the Tobacco Master Settlement Agreement directed to the state's Agriculture Development Board. With 109,742	109,742	NUM	votes	NOUN	 votes
Buoyed by the success, Broussard announced a follow up, Duke Nukem Forever. Duke Nukem Forever was officially announced on April 28, 1997, with the intention of releasing the game no later than mid 1998. Barely a year after the release of Duke Nukem 3D	3D	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
Intended to be carryed by the Boeing B 29 Superfortress bomber, the Tarzon bomb used the combination of AN / ARW 38 [Joint Army Navy, Piloted Aircraft, Radio, Automatic Flight or Remote Control] command link transmitter on the B 29 and an AN /	/	SYM	URW	PROPN	 URW
For the sessions, Gilmour played bass. Talking to Barrett wasn't easy, said Jones: " It was a case of following him, not playing with him. They were seeing and then playing so they were always a note behind ". A few tracks	tracks	NOUN	on	ADP	 on
Following the deadline of June 5, the final number of signatures was never determined because the petitions were sent out of state to avoid a subpoena from the Sauk County district attorney, an ardent McCarthy supporter who was investigating the leaders of the recall campaign on the grounds	grounds	NOUN	that	SCONJ	 that
Its assets and claims were finally acquired by a rival concern. During his lifetime Bruce received many awards: the Gold Medal of the Royal Scottish Geographical Society in 1904; the Patron's Medal of the Royal Geographical Society in 1910; the Neill prize and Medal of	of	ADP	the	DET	 the
According to Richard Snow in his guide book to Flying Eagle and Indian Head cents, this was not due to problems with the " Laurel Wreath " reverse design used in 1859, as full details survive on many extant pieces. Walter Breen, however, suggested that	that	SCONJ	the	DET	 the
Hutton then hit a square drive past point and Washbrook pulled a ball along the ground past Harvey, who was patrolling the midwicket boundary. England were 88 without loss at the lunch interval, with Hutton and Washbrook on 46 and 41 respectively. After a slow start	start	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
Pillai called her the " new pin up girl of Telugu cinema ". Talking about being typecast after her success in Ye Maaya Chesave (2010) as its female lead, Samantha Ruth Prabhu cited the example of D ' Cruz being typecast in similar roles after the	the	DET	success	NOUN	 success
When, in 1845, Carl Schmidt first announced the presence in the test of some ascidians of a substance very similar to cellulose, he called it " tunicine ", but it is now recognized as cellulose rather than any alternative substance. Nearly all tunicates are suspension	suspension	NOUN	feeders	NOUN	 feeders
The Tigers won the 13th District Title, setting up a matchup with Pulaski County High School in the first round of the KSHAA state tournament. Farmer had scored 30 points in Clay County's regular season matchup with Pulaski County, but his team lost by one point	point	NOUN	in	ADP	 in
Bulleid considered that attitudes towards the labour intensity of steam operation had changed during the post war period, favouring dieselisation and electrification. In an effort to demonstrate the continued potential of steam, Bulleid pushed forward the boundaries of steam power, allowing it to compete with diesel	diesel	NOUN	and	CCONJ	 and
At the start of the game, the player is given the option of how many RAF squadrons they wish to allocate for offensive and defensive purposes; a proportionate amount must be sent to attack Luftwaffe squadrons whilst the others will be left to defend key cities from air	air	NOUN	raids	NOUN	 raids
" During a Chicago concert, Paul Schrodt of Slant Magazine wrote that " a song about the freedom to dance (" Beat Goes On ") becomes an anthem for political frustration, and it's the only moment that's generated any real controversy, but she	she	PRON	does	AUX	 does
In late 2007, all buildings on the site excluding the elementary school were demolished. RAF Blenheim Crescent was not included in the demolition works. The Brackenbury Village housing was retained as it was separate from the military buildings. Cala Homes purchased the 21 acre (85,000	85,000	NUM	m2	PROPN	 m2
The suit claimed infringement on Knievel's trademarked name and likeness. Knievel also claimed that the " vulgar and offensive " images depicted in the video damaged his reputation. The suit sought monetary damages and an injunction to stop distribution of the video. West's attorneys argued	argued	VERB	that	SCONJ	 that
On 9 June 2016, it was revealed that Sheeran was being sued by songwriters Martin Harrington and Thomas Leonard, writers of Matt Cardle's 2011 single " Amazing ", for $20 million for copyright infringement. The lawsuit says: " Given the striking similarity between	between	ADP	the	DET	 the
In accordance with the Constitution's preamble, from 1790 it met " in dual number " when 171 newly elected deputies joined the earlier established Sejm. On its second day, the body became a confederated sejm to avoid the liberum veto. Concurrent world events appeared to	to	PART	have	AUX	 have
Reitz, F.W., ' Opvoeding en onderwijs: een toespraak... in het Victoria College, Stellenbosch op 15 Junie 1888 ', Zuid Afrikaansch Tijdschrift (July 1888). Reitz, F.W., ' Schetsen uit die Oranje Vrijstaat ', Zuid Afrikaansch Tijdschrift (December 1890	1890	NUM	)	PUNCT	)
At the 1926 imperial conference in London, some degree of control over the railway was granted to Southern Rhodesia. There was also the issue of attracting labour for mines and farms from the far north and this gave impetus to Coghlan's and Moffat's territorial expansionism in	in	ADP	Northern	ADJ	 Northern
The most significant additions made during the 1895 remodelling are located at the rear (north) of the house. These include a conservatory with a polygonal glass dome, a greenhouse just east of the conservatory, and an enlarged kitchen. The eastern end of the house	house	NOUN	was	AUX	 was
Later restrictions established a one year waiting period between nominating and granting of freeman status, and also placed religious restrictions on the colony's citizens, specifically preventing Quakers from becoming freemen. Freeman status was also restricted by age; the official minimum age was 21, although	although	SCONJ	in	ADP	 in
His season totals included a 2.47 ERA and a 7 5 win loss record, both career bests, and added six saves in 80 innings pitched. After the 1960 season, it was announced that the AL were going to create two new teams, one in Los	Los	PROPN	Angeles	PROPN	 Angeles
Since the 19th century, the only rule changes have been technical in nature, for example establishing the correct procedure for claiming a draw by repetition. Writings about the theory of how to play chess began to appear in the 15th century. The Repetición de Amores y	y	PROPN	Arte	PROPN	 Arte
Several sensational accounts of his offenses and trial were published after his death, and he was mentioned in Herman Melville's 1853 short story " Bartleby, the Scrivener ". Edwards was born in 1808 in Danville, Kentucky. His father was reported to be Amos Edwards	Edwards	PROPN	or	CCONJ	 or
Visitors drank the waters in the Grand Pump Room, a neo classical salon which remains in use, both for taking the waters and for social functions. Victorian expansion of the baths complex followed the neo classical tradition established by the Woods. In 1810 the Hot Springs	Springs	PROPN	failed	VERB	 failed
The region is only accessible via a small cleft in the mountains to the north, leading to a massive stone bridge. This bridge spans half the distance of the landscape and terminates at a large temple called the " Shrine of Worship " located at its center.	.	PUNCT	It	PRON	 It
However, she noted that because " the new episodes doesn't have the specific connection ' Oubliette ' drew between Lucy and Mulder's sister Samantha, it doesn't touch the heart as deeply. " She did, however, praise Taylor's performance, writing "	"	PUNCT	it	PRON	 it
Despite suffering from an inferiority complex due to his scarred and deformed body, Nalla performs community service and social work with renewed fervour while continuing to fight for union causes. Upon their arrival at Chennai, Aras delivers Nalla's cheque to the union workers. He invites	invites	VERB	Nalla	PROPN	 Nalla
Crystal Waters of Home Office Computing praised the PowerBook 100's " unique, effective design " but was disappointed because the internal modem did not receive faxes, and the 100 had no monitor port. The low capacity 20 MB hard drive was also criticized. Once a	a	DET	user	NOUN	 user
In Umberto Eco's novel Foucault's Pendulum, the protagonists work for a pair of related publishing companies, Garamond and Manuzio, both owned by a Mister Garamond. Garamond is the name of a character in the Wii game Super Paper Mario. He appears in the	the	DET	world	NOUN	 world
This resulted in another 30 people turning up. Static X front man Wayne Static, Stone Sour drummer Roy Mayorga and Logan make appearances in the video. Tim Mankowski departed the band and Henno broke his ankle on an on stage mishap. The band continued to tour	tour	VERB	as	ADP	 as
Double salts are often less soluble, and the low solubility of caesium aluminium sulfate is exploited in the purification of Cs from its ores. The double salt with antimony (such as CsSbCl 4), bismuth, cadmium, copper, iron, and lead are also	also	ADV	poorly	ADV	 poorly
Minh ordered Nhung to execute the Diệm loyalist. Tung had failed to convince the president to surrender and still commanded the loyalty of his men. The other generals had little sympathy, since the special forces commander had disguised his men in army uniforms and framed the generals	generals	NOUN	for	ADP	 for
Historically home to the Kumeyaay people, San Diego was the first site visited by Europeans on what is now the West Coast of the United States. Upon landing in San Diego Bay in 1542, Juan Rodríguez Cabrillo claimed the entire area for Spain, forming the basis	basis	NOUN	for	ADP	 for
While Foreman's return means only two slots are open, House tricks Cuddy into allowing him to hire three new assistants. He ultimately selects Dr. Chris Taub (Peter Jacobson), a former plastic surgeon; Dr. Lawrence Kutner (Kal Penn), a sports medicine	medicine	NOUN	specialist	NOUN	 specialist
They meet each other at 1,647 feet (502.0 m), creating the main stem itself. Little Butte Creek's mouth is at 1,204 feet (367.0 m) above sea level, giving the creek an overall gradient of approximately 25 feet per mile (4.7 m	m	PROPN	/	SYM	 /
Starting in 2011, he served as the Roy E. Disney Professor in Creative Writing at Pomona College, a position formerly held by the late David Foster Wallace. Lethem's ninth novel, entitled Dissident Gardens, was released on September 10, 2013. According to Lethem	Lethem	PROPN	in	ADP	 in
The collection of Selfe's own papers and drawings have since been donated to the same library that his former employee greatly augmented. Selfe designed the hulls or the machinery for some 50 steam vessels, including two torpedo boats for the New South Wales government, which he	he	PRON	claimed	VERB	 claimed
The 1,338 acre (541.5 ha) main academic and residential campus is located 15 miles (24 km) south of Toledo, Ohio. The institution was granted a charter in 1910 as a normal school, specializing in teacher training and education, as part of the	the	DET	Lowry	PROPN	 Lowry
Throughout the state, more than 150 houses sustained flood damage in several counties. In addition, numerous major highways were closed, including portions of U.S. Routes 59, 87, 90, and 185, and Texas State Highways 35 and 71. In Arkansas, a	a	DET	few	ADJ	 few
The French government had an exhibit with its own take on technological progress. Finally, a Washington state tourist center provided information for fair goers wishing to tour the state. The World of Commerce and Industry was divided into domestic and foreign areas. The former was sited	sited	VERB	mainly	ADV	 mainly
Co creator J.J. Abrams, having worked with Nimoy on the 2009 film Star Trek, begged the actor to join the series through a series of phone conversations. Nimoy signed on for three episodes and found playing the character to be a " unique experience " after so	so	ADV	many	ADJ	 many
The play is also credited with keeping a Major League Baseball team in the city of Seattle, as it helped garner support for a new taxpayer funded stadium for the Mariners. That stadium, known today as Safeco Field, opened in 1999, with the Double depicted	depicted	VERB	in	ADP	 in
In the playoffs, he played in six games recording two assists. 2005 – 2007 To begin the 2005 season, Hedlund joined the U. S. Men's National Select Team. After his stint with Team USA, Hedlund left the Senators organization and joined the Krefeld Penguins	Penguins	PROPN	in	ADP	 in
Other 2010s synthpop acts include Chvrches, M83 and The C.I.P. Synthpop has received considerable criticism and even prompted hostility among musicians and in the press. It has been described as " anaemic " and " soulless ". Synthpop's early steps, and Gary Numan in particular	particular	ADJ	,	PUNCT	,
The Commission renovated the property and gave the farm to the Commonwealth of Kentucky for use as a state park, with the official dedication on July 4, 1923. Federal Hill is made primarily of brick fired on site and laid in the Flemish bond pattern. The	The	DET	mansion	NOUN	 mansion
Mississippi based Grapico Bottling Company troubles did not end with its union problems. In September 1924, John Henry Ennis of Ellisville, Mississippi purchased a Grapico. On drinking it, Ennis discovered that the contents were filled with filthy flies, some of which he swallowed and	and	CCONJ	became	VERB	 became
Financing? Logistics? Specialized tech skills? Brainpower? Strategy?... Show me where I needed a dark, mysterious ' Mr. X '! " It has been estimated that about 387,000 people in the Oklahoma City metropolitan area (a third of the population) knew	knew	VERB	someone	PRON	 someone
Ray Davies (lead vocals, rhythm guitar) and Dave Davies (lead guitar, vocals) remained members throughout the group's 32 year run. Longest serving member Mick Avory (drums and percussion) was replaced by Bob Henrit, formerly of Argent, in 1984	1984	NUM	.	PUNCT	.
The Guardian claimed the song's lyrics tackle environmental issues with a " sharp wit " while Drowned in Sound saw them as evidence that chief songwriter Gruff Rhys was " taking his lyrics a little bit more seriously ". The song was placed at number 21 in the	the	DET	2001	NUM	 2001
Rivals.com rated Kipnis the number one outfielder in the nation. Over two seasons, Kipnis batted.378 with 30 home runs, 144 RBIs, 142 runs, 37 doubles, 10 triples, and 51 stolen bases in 474 at bats for the Sun Devils. The Cleveland Indians	Indians	PROPN	drafted	VERB	 drafted
The game had been organised to stimulate interest in the sport in Bradford and attracted 8,000 fans. The new football club, Bradford City, were elected to The Football League's Division Two the following month. Bradford City's first game at Valley Parade came on 5	5	NUM	September	PROPN	 September
They are also used in paints, varnishes, and inks as " drying agents " through the oxidation of drying oils. The same carboxylates are used to improve the adhesion between steel and rubber in steel belted radial tires. Cobalt based catalysts are used in reactions involving	involving	VERB	carbon	NOUN	 carbon
As the news chopper catches all of this on film, the woman's head explodes, sending a spray of blood across the window. Mulder and Scully get wind of this bizarre car chase as they're doing work in Buhl, Idaho investigating possible domestic terrorism.	.	PUNCT	Mulder	NOUN	 Mulder
The film went on to gross over $106 million in the United States and over $329 million worldwide. Review aggregator Rotten Tomatoes gives the film a score of 87% based on reviews from 273 critics, with Natalie Portman's performance being lauded, and reports	reports	VERB	a	DET	 a
Previously it was thought that during fetal development, the original squamous epithelium of the cervix is derived from the urogenital sinus and the original columnar epithelium is derived from the paramesonephric duct. The point at which these two original epithelia meet is called the original squamocolumnar junction.	.	PUNCT	New	ADJ	 New
During the 19th century, there was an explosion of new lemur descriptions and names, which later took decades to sort out. During this time, professional collectors gathered specimens for museums, menageries, and cabinets. Some of the major collectors were Johann Maria Hildebrandt and	and	CCONJ	Charles	PROPN	 Charles
The railroad was to have been constructed from the West Virginia – Virginia state line in either Frederick or Shenandoah counties in Virginia to Alexandria or another point on the Potomac River near Alexandria. In July 1889, Clayton was an incorporator with $100 in shares of the	the	DET	Alexander	PROPN	 Alexander
The rational nexus test, also known as the doctrine of reasonable classification, is a three stage test formulated by the courts to determine if the manner in which a law classifies a group of persons is discriminatory. The equality guaranteed by the provision is a relative and	and	CCONJ	not	PART	 not
In Greg Rucka's Detective Comics No. 862, Barbara Gordon is approached by Huntress and Renee Montoya (the new Question) for help in tracking down a mysterious criminal who ordered a hit on them. Montoya is flabbergasted upon discovering that " Commissioner Gordon's daughter	daughter	NOUN	"	PUNCT	 "
In Game 3, Malkin scored two goals and Crosby scored one as the Penguins took a 3 – 1 lead into the first intermission. After a scoreless second period, the Hurricanes came within a goal after Sergei Samsonov scored less than two minutes into the final period	period	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
The Sydney Morning Herald's David Hollingworth profiled Frink in his list of " TV's great tech figures ", writing that apart from being smart, the professor is best known for his " rather idiosyncratic speech patterns — hmmguyvin whey hey. " Joe Rhodes of TV	TV	PROPN	Guide	PROPN	 Guide
It remained a strategic place for Chauhan Empire until Prithviraj was defeated in the Second Battle of Tarain by the invading Ghurid ruler Muhammad Ghori. Hisar was founded in 1354 AD, as ' Hisar e Firoza ' by Firoz Shah Tughlaq, who reigned over the Sultanate of	of	ADP	Delhi	PROPN	 Delhi
" In his review, Wright explained his love of crossover fiction and commended Davies for the direction he took Doctor Who into becoming what Wright considered to be a " small television industry ". Wright complimented the way the episode was keeping with tradition, specifically aspects such	such	ADJ	as	ADP	 as
Throughout the chord changes progression to give Madonna's vocals dominance in the song, and after a minute the percussion starts with a tremolo guitar added later. String synths and drums build the track further with the second verse seeing the singer harmonizing with herself. During the	the	DET	recording	NOUN	 recording
These are difficult to achieve on a guitar using standard tuning; Drake used tunings which made cluster chords available using more conventional chord shapes. In many songs he accents the dissonant effect of such non standard tunings through his vocal melodies. Drake, who studied English literature	literature	NOUN	at	ADP	 at
Nils Melzer graduated summa cum laude from the University of Zürich with a PhD degree in law. Melzer worked for the District Court of Meilen, Zürich, first as a Judicial Clerk and then as Judicial Secretary. Melzer serves as a legal advisor for the International Committee	Committee	PROPN	of	ADP	 of
The daily calendars run from April to March, following the Japanese school year instead of the calendar year. The 2010 monthly calendar was released in November 2009. Two Yotsuba &! music CDs have been released, both purely instrumental, called " image albums ".	.	PUNCT	The	DET	 The
The Millennium Bridge is next to the school buildings. The original building at Milk Street was designed by architect J.B. Bunning, who was the architect to the City of London and also an Old Citizen of the school. The building was designed in a neo -Gothic Tudor	Tudor	PROPN	style	NOUN	 style
The science lab set in the first act is a redress of the isolation chamber in sickbay, but with a blue background as opposed to the yellow. Elaine L. Graham's book Representations of the Post / Human uses " Tuvix " to contrast Star Trek: Voyager	Voyager	PROPN	with	ADP	 with
The last Japanese wolf was a male killed on January 23, 1905 near Washikaguchi (now called Higashi Yoshiro). The now extinct Japanese wolves were descended from large Siberian wolves, which colonized the Korean Peninsula and Japan, before it separated from mainland Asia, 20,000	20,000	NUM	years	NOUN	 years
Grain and other dry products were measured in salme, which was equivalent to 275.08 litres in the western part of the Kingdom, and 3.3 litres in the eastern part. The salma was divided in 16 tumoli. One tumolo was equivalent to 17,193 litres. Weight was	was	AUX	measured	VERB	 measured
Both instances required Jackson to testify in court, and each lawsuit found in the favour of the singer and his record label. The first legal trial occurred in 1984, with Fred Sanford claiming that Jackson had cut a tape of his song, " Please Love Me	Me	PRON	Now	ADV	 Now
Hardyman hailed to ask whether Forte had surrendered but the French did not reply and he ordered another broadside. A second hail also brought no response but sailors were seen attempting to repair the rigging on Forte. Concerned that the French were attempting to escape, Hardyman concentrated	concentrated	VERB	his	PRON	 his
" (Russell 1938: 110) Thus, although " the power over opinion " may occur with or without force, the power of a creed arises only after a powerful and persuasive minority has willingly adopted the creed. The exception here is the case of Western	Western	ADJ	science	NOUN	 science
The Continental leaders of the church immediately after 1066 justified the Conquest by denigrating the pre Conquest state of the Anglo Saxon church. Newcomers such as Lanfranc, who became Archbishop of Canterbury in 1070, had no interest in saints venerated by the Anglo Saxons, and his	his	PRON	Constitutiones	PROPN	 Constitutiones
Zooropa, released in 1993, was a further departure for the band, incorporating additional dance music influences and electronic effects into their sound. In 1995, U2 and Brian Eno collaborated on the experimental / ambient album Original Soundtracks 1 under the pseudonym " Passengers ".	.	PUNCT	For	ADP	 For
The main entrance gates are decorated with a globe supported by dolphins, while the cast iron gates and gate piers are decorated with mermaids, shells and anchors, and have shields with the initials " M.D. & H.B. ". The outside light fittings are designed such that	that	SCONJ	the	DET	 the
In all likelihood Tong Yabghu's nephew Böri Shad, and son of Zibil / Ziebel was the commander of the Khazars, the westernmost of the tribes owing allegiance to the Western Göktürks; this branch of the family may have provided the Khazars with their first khagans in	in	ADP	the	DET	 the
" Q called it " raucous modern rock, spiked with infectious guitar motifs and powered with driving bass and drums, " and said it " may well be the face of the 90's metal. " Stereo Review said that " the band sounds larger than life	life	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
It was the first interracial, non denominational church in the United States. While her husband assumed the pastoral duties, Thurman organized forums and lectures for the members to learn about other peoples such as Native Americans, Africans, Asians and their cultures, covering everything from	from	ADP	the	DET	 the
The defense made pre trial motions arguing that the defendants ' right to trial by a jury of their peers had been denied because, at that time, a potential grand juror had to meet a minimum property requirement, effectively eliminating the less affluent from service. The	The	DET	defense	NOUN	 defense
A 2003 – 04 survey of the monument found 55 species of butterflies such as the common sootywing, orange sulphur, great spangled fritillary, and monarch. The monument's other insects have not been completely inventoried. The John Day River, which passes through the Sheep	Sheep	PROPN	Rock	PROPN	 Rock
Beacham initially developed the storyline with del Toro, but dropped out to work on the TV series Hieroglyph. Later in June 2014, del Toro confirmed that he would direct the sequel, and that it would be released by Universal Studios, Legendary's new financing and	and	CCONJ	distribution	NOUN	 distribution
Fossils of the extinct genus and species Eoprephasma hichensi have been recovered from Ypresian age sediments in Washington state USA and British Columbia Canada. The species is one of the youngest members of the stem phasmatodean group Susumanioidea. In Europe there are 17 species of stick insect described	described	VERB	,	PUNCT	,
Commonly eaten fruits and vegetables included chestnuts, pears, plums, peaches, melons, apricots, strawberries, red bayberries, jujubes, calabash, bamboo shoots, mustard plant and taro. Domesticated animals that were also eaten included chickens, Mandarin ducks, geese, cows	cows	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
Lactarius deterrimus is an edible mushroom, but is much less appreciated than the similar L. deliciosus. The first tastes slightly bitter and is often infested by maggots. Like L. deliciosus, this fungus is mainly stir fried in butter or oil; if it is cooked in	in	ADP	water	NOUN	 water
Hoover was the tallest dam in the world at the time of construction and also had the world's largest hydroelectric power plant. Flow regulation from Hoover Dam opened the doors for rapid development on the lower Colorado River; Imperial and Parker dams followed in 1938, and	and	CCONJ	Davis	PROPN	 Davis
" Massimilla praised the smooth animations, and felt that " the controls were easy to learn and were responsive. " Additionally, she thought the demo phone's vibrating function, set off when the player receives a call from Tseng, was a subtle detail. Levi	Levi	PROPN	Buchanan	PROPN	 Buchanan
The various participants are not considered performers, but rather possessed by the gods and spirits in question. Fortune telling — including astrology, I Ching, and other forms of divination — has long been considered a traditional Taoist pursuit. Mediumship is also widely encountered in some	some	DET	sects	NOUN	 sects
" The crew wrote the finale before the season was officially renewed, but deigned to leave it unchanged once discovering that a fourth season had been approved. Pinkner explained that " we wrote the episode, perhaps foolishly, assuming that we would be on for Season 4	4	NUM	.	PUNCT	.
Forty tracks were recorded - fifteen of them acoustic - with half of them ending on the final track list. Studio 606 was not finished as the band moved in, and the bandmembers even helped with the final stages of construction, " hammering, stuffing insulation —	—	PUNCT	doing	VERB	 doing
The forward pair of thrusters is fixed, but the aft pair can swivel through 360°, removing the need for a rudder. The Queen Mary 2 is the first quadruple propeller passenger ship completed since the SS France in 1961. Queen Mary 2 carries eight spare	spare	ADJ	blades	NOUN	 blades
Employment opportunities are concentrated in the surrounding towns and in a number of small scale industrial parks — notably around Dunkeswell airfield. A resurgence of interest in local and sustainable food production has led to significant growth in the number and variety of small scale food and drink businesses	businesses	NOUN	in	ADP	 in
They expected the government to nationalise the waterway, and pay for the improvements, to which they would contribute, providing that the railway influence was removed. The scheme involved deepening the channel from 6 feet (1.8 m) to 8 feet (2.4 m),	,	PUNCT	and	CCONJ	 and
Over the years more than twenty steamships were a part of the fleet, including the 1112 ton Merimbula and the 693 ton Eden. Many of these vessels were purpose built for the company's needs, and were constructed at shipyards both within Australia and abroad. The	The	DET	company	NOUN	 company
After holding out for four days, with their casualties growing and supplies exhausted they were forced to surrender. By this time the remainder of the brigade trying to fight through to the bridge had been almost destroyed and was no longer a viable fighting force. Reformed after	after	ADP	the	DET	 the
Lundgren was criticized for being too wooden as a leading man, and it was dismissed as " a glossy fantasy starring monosyllabic Dolph Lundgren. " Citing the reason Lundgren would never successfully make it as a top leading actor in Hollywood, one author said, " Lundgren	Lundgren	PROPN	is	AUX	 is
In the midst of the Progressive era he remained a " stalwart among the stalwarts ", although during the Populist regime he had expediently yielded for a time to free silver. Although Hume had shown no early interest in salmon conservation on the Columbia and elsewhere, on	on	ADP	the	DET	 the
Based on Molyneux's terrestrial globe, it corrected a number of errors in the earlier work by Mercator. The map, often called the Wright – Molyneux Map, first appeared in the second volume of Richard Hakluyt's The Principal Navigations, Voiages, Traffiques and Discoueries	Discoueries	PROPN	of	ADP	 of
The series ends with the pair sailing away together into the sunset, their relationship apparently rekindled. William Petersen has said that what Grissom loves about Sidle is her tenacity. " She's a bulldog. And he always saw that in her. And he always knew	knew	VERB	that	SCONJ	 that
" ‍: 88 – 9 To her gift Eleanor Widener attached a number of stipulations,: 43 including that the building's architects be the firm of Horace Trumbauer & Associates, which had built several mansions for both the Elkins and the Widener families.: 27	27	NUM	"	PUNCT	 "
Initial recording sessions for Artpop coincided with the Born This Way Ball. Zedd was not happy with the initial outcome of the recordings and so he suggested Gaga to re do the whole process. Gaga's idea of recording the songs with Zedd was to not limit themselves	themselves	PRON	with	ADP	 with
In any situation, the High Court can be asked to give a decision on a point of law, or the exclusion clause removed, should all parties agree. Prior to the 1979 Act, arbitrators were allowed to make interlocutory orders penalising parties who failed to follow	follow	VERB	the	DET	 the
Frederick, a naval officer was involved in a mutiny and he can not return to England without risking his life. However, without telling her father, Margaret writes to her brother in Cádiz, Spain, to tell him that their mother is dying. Margaret calls	calls	VERB	on	ADP	 on
In the nineteenth and twentieth century the River Frome became known in East Bristol as the Danny. The derivation of this name is uncertain, some suggest a nickname, taken from the Blue Danube Waltz, others that it was derived from the Australian slang word dunny.	.	PUNCT	The	DET	 The
An ethnic German, he was born in 1821 in Novi Sad as Ignaz Karl Soppron. Upon his arrival in Sarajevo, Osman Pasha offered him a subsidy to establish and organise a printing house. It was to be headquartered in a building on Sarajevo's Dugi sokak	sokak	PROPN	street	PROPN	 street
Over 400 structures were affected by flooding, including more than 170 mobile homes and nearly 200 single family residences. Of these structures, 40 were destroyed, 61 had major flood damage, 41 suffered minor flood damage, and 271 were affected by flooding. Additionally,	,	PUNCT	coastal	ADJ	 coastal
Jones was among the crew members of the Space Shuttle Endeavour during an eleven day mission in space, which was launched in April 1994 to study the ecological well being of Earth using specialized radar technology. The book, which is illustrated with radar images and picturesque photographs	photographs	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
Boston manager Art Ross predicted that Thompson, now 35, would play for the Red Wings for at least another five seasons; however, Thompson remained with the team for only two seasons before retiring from playing. The Red Wings posted a losing record in both of	of	ADP	these	DET	 these
Dan DeLuca from The Philadelphia Inquirer noted that " her rock moves on songs like ' Freakum Dress, ' which find her facing off with a leather jacketed lead guitarist, tend to be of the screaming solo played on a Flying Vee variety. " Ben Ratliff of	of	ADP	The	DET	 The
Joseph Graham died of wounds five days later. At 7 p.m. the defenders at Hougoumont were still resisting, despite the burning buildings and their own dwindling ammunition. Within a couple of hours, the action in the rest of the field had resulted in a victory for	for	ADP	the	DET	 the
On his doctors ' advice, Gunn formally retired in March 1999. Despite his mixed feelings on joining the club, Gunn's overall impression of his time in Edinburgh is upbeat: " I only played 12 games for the Hibees but it was great. We beat	beat	VERB	Hearts	PROPN	 Hearts
Panavision's first product — the Super Panatar projection lens — debuted in March 1954. Priced at $1,100, it captured the market. The Super Panatar was a rectangular box that attached to the existing projection lens with a special bracket. Its variable prismatic system allowed	allowed	VERB	a	DET	 a
The ship was completely evacuated in approximately two hours, and the survivors spent the first night camped on a pinnacle of rock that measured 50 by 25 yards (46 by 23 m). The next day they moved to a larger piece of land on the island	island	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
While walking around the property, Tim finds a gun and a bone in the backyard. At first he wants to dig up the surrounding ground to see if a body is buried there, but Lee convinces him it is a bad idea. When Lee and Jude	Jude	PROPN	leave	VERB	 leave
George Mason University, with its main campus adjacent to the city of Fairfax, was formerly George Mason College of the University of Virginia from 1959 until it received its present name in 1972. A major landmark on the Fairfax campus is a statue of George Mason by	by	ADP	Wendy	PROPN	 Wendy
During this time she was considered for a major reconstruction that would combine her two hangars into a single hangar with a height of 17 feet 6 inches (5.33 m) and allow her to operate 30,000 pound (14,000 kg) aircraft. In addition her armament would	would	AUX	be	AUX	 be
However, by letting the stake follow the spine, the impalement procedure would not damage the vital organs, and the person could survive for several days. Alternatively, the impalement could be transversally performed, for example in the frontal to dorsal direction, that is,	,	PUNCT	from	ADP	 from
The list included Haley Joel Osment, David Gallagher, and Hayden Panettiere as the three new characters introduced in the game. It also announced that many of the Disney characters would be voiced by the official voice actors from their respective Disney films. Other marketing efforts included	included	VERB	auctions	NOUN	 auctions
In the spring of 2011, Ramirez was informed by MLB of another violation of its drug policy, which would result in a 100 game suspension. He chose to retire on April 8 rather than face a 100 game suspension. In September 2011, Ramirez wished to	to	PART	be	AUX	 be
Ben Brantley of The New York Times wrote: " Ms. Gyllenhaal provides the essential bridge between the parts of the play's title. " John Heilpern of The New York Observer noted that Gyllenhaal's performance was " compelling ". Viewed as a sex symbol, she	she	PRON	was	AUX	 was
The similarities to Bruckner can be seen in the brass contributions to his orchestral works and the generally slow tempo of his music. Sibelius progressively stripped away formal markers of sonata form in his work and, instead of contrasting multiple themes, focused on the idea of continuously	continuously	ADV	evolving	VERB	 evolving
After two shots, Berkman was tackled to the ground. Still, he managed to pull out the dagger and stab Frick three times. A carpenter who was working nearby heard the commotion and hit Berkman in the head with his hammer, but the blow only stunned	stunned	VERB	him	PRON	 him
" Chartowich argues that the ritual nudity of Wicca was based upon Leland's mistranslation of these lines by incorporating the clause " in your rites ". There are, however, earlier mentions of ritual nudity among Italian witches. Historian Ruth Martin states that it was a	a	DET	common	ADJ	 common
As Lennon had been shot four times at close range with hollow point bullets, Lennon's affected organs (particularly his left lung) and major blood vessels above his heart were virtually destroyed upon impact. Lynn later stated to reporters on the extent of Lennon's injuries	injuries	NOUN	:	PUNCT	:
During that lap Michael Schumacher's tyres began to degrade, and he ran off the racing line to cool them by driving through water; Häkkinen gradually closed the gap. Coulthard, fifth, passed Button for fourth position on lap 37. Häkkinen tried to pass Michael	Michael	PROPN	Schumacher	PROPN	 Schumacher
The episode was seen by 7.35 million viewers in the UK and achieved an Appreciation Index of 85. Reviewers were generally positive about the episode; some praised the setting and characters but others commented that the story had not developed enough even though it was only the first	first	ADJ	part	NOUN	 part
The term " chocolate " then came to mean solid chocolate, rather than hot chocolate. A distinction is sometimes made between " hot cocoa ", made from powder made by removing most of the rich cocoa butter from the ground cacao beans, and " hot chocolate	chocolate	NOUN	"	PUNCT	 "
He questions whether they can convincingly portray the roles if they are still virgins. Later, his co director Coach Beiste (Dot Marie Jones) confesses to him that she is attracted to football recruiter Cooter Menkins (Eric Bruskotter), who is at McKinley to scout	scout	VERB	potential	ADJ	 potential
Plant number 3 still continued operations. It employed 500 people in 1910. Before the start of World War I, American Window Glass Company was still the dominant window glass manufacturer, accounting for over half of the nation's window glass manufacturing capacity. In 1913,	,	PUNCT	the	DET	 the
The French responded to this move by sending forward General Sorbier, commander of the Imperial Guard artillery. Sorbier brought forth 36 artillery pieces from the Imperial Guard Artillery Park and also took command of 49 horse artillery pieces from Nansouty's Ist Cavalry Corps and La Tour Maubourg	Maubourg	PROPN	's	PART	's
On July 31, 2014, the Society for American Baseball Research announced that it had chosen Adams as its 2014 " Overlooked 19th Century Baseball Legend ". Eric Miklich has called him worthy of induction into the Baseball Hall of Fame for his role as a pioneer.	.	PUNCT	He	PRON	 He
The company, however, did not sanction it. The prototype featured multi directional scrolling, more detailed graphics based on 3D renders, and new gameplay mechanics. Midway Games optioned Joust's movie rights to CP Productions in 2007. Michael Cerenzie and Christine Peters of CP	CP	PROPN	Productions	PROPN	 Productions
The first recorded organist of Wells Cathedral was Walter Bagele (or Vageler) in 1416, and the post of organist or assistant organist has been held by more than 60 individuals since then. Peter Lyons was Master of the Choristers at Wells Cathedral and Director of Music	Music	PROPN	at	ADP	 at
Tim Lucas has argued that the film had a large impact on many Italian horror films that followed. Lucas noted, " It takes Corman's Freudian theories even further with a nightmarish flashblack sequence that plants the seeds of Nicholas's breakdown, and would prove particularly influential	influential	ADJ	on	ADP	 on
Staughton LJ, with the rest of the Court in agreement, explained that: the judge should give such weight as he thinks fit to the failure to argue the point before the arbitrator. In particular, he should have regard to whether the new point is similar	similar	ADJ	to	ADP	 to
Writer Al Nickerson believes " that Stan Lee and Steve Ditko created the Spider Man that we are familiar with today [but that] ultimately, Spider Man came into existence, and prospered, through the efforts of not just one or two, but many, comic	comic	ADJ	book	NOUN	 book
Embodying many of the design elements of the wartime Focke Wulf Ta 183, an unrealized fighter project, the FMA envisioned the IAe 33 Pulqui II as a successor to the postwar Gloster Meteor F4 in service with the Fuerza Aérea Argentina. The Pulqui II's development was	was	AUX	comparatively	ADV	 comparatively
" As a sign of the perceived political influence she possessed, in 1838 false rumours suggested that Lehzen had been " converted " to the Whig party, and that she had been offered " an urgent proposal of marriage " by Whig prime minister Viscount Melbourne. Despite	Despite	SCONJ	all	PRON	 all
In 2008, over 8000 Japanese lived in the Düsseldorf area, which features a Japanese school, two kindergartens, three libraries and numerous Japanese clubs. Moreover, over 200 Japanese companies are active in that region, creating over 20,000 jobs. The Japanese community is widely	widely	ADV	considered	VERB	 considered
For a long time, Madonna had desired to play Perón and even wrote a letter to director Alan Parker, explaining how she would be perfect for the part. After securing the role, she underwent vocal training with coach Joan Layder since Evita required the actors to	to	PART	sing	VERB	 sing
Poor communication, combined with the difficulty in correlating globally distinct formations, led to a plethora of different names for the biota. In 1960 the French name " Ediacarien " – after the Ediacaran Hills in South Australia, which take their name from aborigine Idiyakra, "	"	PUNCT	water	NOUN	 water
Diageo attributed the growth in no small part to the positive reception garnered by noitulovE. As one of the most recognisable British television advertisements of 2006, noitulovE was one of two commercials (the other being Sony's Balls) to feature in a £200 M campaign launched	launched	VERB	by	ADP	 by
" Thus, Hazlitt could declare, " It is we who are Hamlet. " Hazlitt incorporated into this chapter material from his review of Kean's performance of Hamlet at Drury Lane on 12 March 1814 (" Mr. Kean's Hamlet ", The Morning Chronicle,	,	PUNCT	14	NUM	 14
Del Potro's height allows him to get a powerful first serve, often clocked in the mid 130s, and maxing out at 147 mph (M1000 Madrid, vs Murray), and makes it easier for him to return high topspin balls. Del Potro used the	the	DET	Wilson	PROPN	 Wilson
The National Lawyers Guild provided some lawyers to the defendants, but in 1953 Attorney General Herbert Brownell, Jr. threatened to list the Guild as a subversive organization, causing half its members to leave. Some second tier defendants were unable to post bail because the government refused	refused	VERB	to	PART	 to
In 1771, in alliance with Ali Bey al Kabir of Egypt Eyalet and with backing from the Russian Empire, Zahir captured Sidon, while Ali Bey's forces conquered Damascus, both acts in open defiance of the Ottoman sultan. At the peak of his power in	in	ADP	1774	NUM	 1774
There are two new naval units: the " Black Boat ", which can repair and resupply any allied unit next to it, while capable of transporting two infantry / mech units; and the aircraft carrier, which can house two air units and is armed with	with	ADP	surface	NOUN	 surface
Kenny bites the two men and leaves in the middle of the night. The next day Kenny rejoins his friends, who are dressed up for a Halloween costume contest. Stan is dressed as Raggedy Andy (since Wendy would be going as Raggedy Ann, thus making	making	VERB	a	DET	 a
In 2020, construction is expected to begin on completion of the movements between the tollway and I 95, along with the widening of the turnpike between the Bensalem interchange and I 95. Work on building a second, parallel span of the Delaware River Bridge is planned	planned	VERB	to	PART	 to
It is used in the thermal reactor, and its concentration in natural uranium does not exceed 0.72%. This isotope strongly absorbs thermal neutrons releasing much energy. One fission act of 1 gram of 235U converts into about 1 MW · day. Of importance, is	is	AUX	that	SCONJ	 that
The influence of the songs on Highway 61 Revisited can be heard in many cover versions. " Like a Rolling Stone " has been recorded by artists including the Rolling Stones, on their live album Stripped, David Bowie and Mick Ronson on Heaven and Hull, Johnny	Johnny	PROPN	Winter	PROPN	 Winter
He is controversial for his involvement (along with Jerry Krause) in breaking up the championship team by not hiring back key personnel such as Phil Jackson and Michael Jordan. He hired Jordan as a baseball player during his sabbatical from basketball. He also moved the Bulls	Bulls	PROPN	from	ADP	 from
It travelled a distance of 409 km in 9.8 seconds during the time it was observed. It was moving with a speed of 41.74 km / s, which did not change during the flight. Jiří Borovička and Zdeněk Ceplecha from the Ondřejov Observatory in Czechoslovakia estimated that	that	SCONJ	the	DET	 the
Other episode ideas come from popular culture. For example, Santa's Little Helper fathering 25 puppies in " Two Dozen and One Greyhounds " is a parody of the Disney film One Hundred and One Dalmatians, and Mr. Burns ' technique of brainwashing him into an attack	attack	NOUN	dog	NOUN	 dog
The council has one annual meeting in July, held in either New York or Geneva. Viewed as separate from the specialized bodies it co ordinates, ECOSOC's functions include information gathering, advising member nations, and making recommendations. Owing to its broad mandate of co	co	NOUN	ordinating	VERB	 ordinating
It was certified gold in June 1990. It reached number six in Canada, three in South Africa, and one in Japanese airplay. " Come Back to Me " peaked at number two on the Hot 100. It reached number three in Canada, as well	well	ADV	as	ADP	 as
Raynald became one of the principal supporters of Guy of Lusignan, who married the king's elder sister, Sybilla, in early 1180, although many barons of the realm had opposed the marriage. The king's half sister, Isabella (whose stepfather, Balian of	of	ADP	Ibelin	PROPN	 Ibelin
When infected by a virus, a host cell is forced to produce many thousands of identical copies of the original virus at an extraordinary rate. Unlike most living things, viruses do not have cells that divide; new viruses are assembled in the infected host cell.	.	PUNCT	But	CCONJ	 But
Chamberlain was in his third season in the NBA, having set season scoring records in each of his first two seasons with 37.6 and then 38.4 points per game. Frank McGuire, the Warriors ' new coach, started the season vowing to get the ball to Chamberlain	Chamberlain	PROPN	"	PUNCT	 "
The episode received generally positive reviews and, according to Nielsen ratings, was seen by 9.8 million households the week it aired, the most viewership for a Law & Order: Criminal Intent episode in six weeks. In what appears to be an Internet vlog, a	a	DET	teenage	ADJ	 teenage
The committee members realised that the resignation of their leading public figure and speaker would mean the end of the party. Hitler announced he would rejoin on the condition that he would replace Drexler as party chairman, and that the party headquarters would remain in Munich. The	The	DET	committee	NOUN	 committee
By the early hours of 24 March units of 21st Army Group had crossed the Rhine against heavy German opposition and secured several crossings on the eastern bank of the river. In the first few hours of 24 March, the transport aircraft carrying the two airborne divisions that	that	PRON	formed	VERB	 formed
The same can be said of the US 155 mm howitzer M1 (14,600 meters, 5,800 kilograms) or the 149 mm howitzer manufactured by the Italian Ansaldo (14,250 meters, 5,500 kilograms). A German howitzer with characteristics similar to those of the D 1 —	—	PUNCT	the	DET	 the
The partners go over the hillside and find the dog. They take him to Dr. Banks (Chris McGarry) and have him check his stomach, where he finds a United States two dollar bill in it. When Michael takes the evidence to Harper and Santoro,	,	PUNCT	Santoro	PROPN	 Santoro
Without an iron catalyst, the reaction is complete after several hours (~ 7), when no further weight increase due to nitrogen absorption (per gram of silicon) is detected. In addition to Si 3N 4, several other silicon nitride phases (with chemical	chemical	ADJ	formulas	NOUN	 formulas
In October 1943, shortly before Scharnhorst's last mission, Hüffmeier was replaced by KzS Fritz Hintze, who was killed during the ship's final battle. Scharnhorst's first operation began on 21 November 1939; the ship, in company with her sister Gneisenau, the	the	DET	light	ADJ	 light
On the afternoon of September 13, major British movement started as the warships Roebuck and Phoenix, along with the frigates Orpheus and Carysfort, moved up the East River and anchored in Bushwick Creek, carrying 148 total cannons and accompanied by six troop transport ships. By	By	ADP	September	PROPN	 September
However, I was able to spend some time with Anne, a great technical advisor we had on set. She's got this steely gaze that is terrifying, but what's underneath that is a very interesting lady. Beyond the technical aspects of the job,	,	PUNCT	she	PRON	 she
Charles Johnson wrote that Bonnet's visibly disintegrating mind moved many Carolinians to pity, particularly the female population, and London papers later reported that the governor delayed his execution seven times. Bonnet was eventually hanged at White Point Garden, in Charleston, on 10 December 1718	1718	NUM	.	PUNCT	.
Immediately after the goal, Henry was replaced by Seydou Keita, allowing Barcelona to adopt a more defensive stance. United responded to the goal immediately, as Giggs made a surging run through the Barcelona defence before playing the ball to Berbatov in the inside right channel.	.	PUNCT	The	DET	 The
The overall form of the structure was of a fortified hall house, much like the Norman era hall keeps. He also built the chapel and great hall in the Bishop's Palace in Wells. Burnell was a dominant figure during the first part of Edward's reign	reign	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
At the end of Game 1, Orlando's Nick Anderson stripped Jordan from behind, leading to the game winning basket for the Magic; he would later comment that Jordan " didn't look like the old Michael Jordan " and that " No. 45 doesn't	n't	PART	explode	VERB	 explode
Compared to the rest of the house, this wing has lower ceilings, smaller windows, and less exterior trim. In the early 1900s, the wing was clad in ivy. Woodlea is constructed of buff colored pressed Italian brick with pale stone trim. It is	is	AUX	three	NUM	 three
The couple had two sons, D ' Andrea (Danny, born 1954) and Daegal (Dae, born 1955). A third number one came in 1953 with " Rags to Riches ". Unlike Bennett's other early hits, this was an up tempo	tempo	NOUN	big	ADJ	 big
The following year, a service through Guildford commenced. The tough conditions of the mail route saw a different contractor providing the service each year. The 1845 contractor James Martin had particular trouble with debts, which led to his mail horse being seized; while he managed	managed	VERB	to	PART	 to
Most puffin colonies are on small islands, and this is no coincidence as it avoids predation by ground based mammals such as foxes, rats, stoats and weasels, cats and dogs. When they come ashore, the birds are still at risk and the main threats	threats	NOUN	come	VERB	 come
" Wanna Be Startin ' Somethin ' " re entered the United Kingdom charts on July 4, 2009 and peaked at number 57 the following week. On July 12, " Wanna Be Startin ' Somethin ' " re entered Switzerland music charts for the second time.	.	PUNCT	The	DET	 The
Clinton showed good humor and sent Hartman a signed photo with the text: " You're not the president, but you play one on TV. And you're OK, mostly. " For his Clinton impression, Hartman copied the president's " post nasal drip	drip	NOUN	"	PUNCT	 "
The effective range proved to be only 1,530 nmi (2,830 km; 1,760 mi) at 19 knots. The ship carried five 12.7 cm SK C / 34 guns in single mounts with gun shields, two each superimposed, fore and aft. The fifth gun was	was	AUX	carried	VERB	 carried
It should not be confused with the identically named The Footy Show based on Australian rules football, which is targeted at the other states of Australia where Australian rules is dominant. Johns was a popular member of the cast of The Footy Show, and played several characters	characters	NOUN	for	ADP	 for
Harrison's original vocal appears to have been acceptable, according to notes written by Spector in August, but the chorus vocals (all sung by Harrison and credited to " the George O'Hara Smith Singers "), his harmonised slide guitar parts, and John Barham's	's	PART	orchestral	ADJ	 orchestral
Icehouse / Flowers featured on Triple M's 2007 Essential Countdown with 14 songs including: " Great Southern Land " at No. 13, " Don't Believe Any More " No. 78, " Street Cafe " No. 187, " Love in Motion "	"	PUNCT	No	NOUN	 No
Monti is buried in section 11, site 38 of the Massachusetts National Cemetery in Bourne, Massachusetts. The Army posthumously promoted him to sergeant first class. On July 24, 2009 President Barack Obama signed the authorization for Monti to receive the Medal of Honor for this	this	DET	action	NOUN	 action
According to Bowie, " I got some quite extraordinary things out of Earl Slick. I think it captured his imagination to make noises on guitar, and textures, rather than playing the right notes. " Alomar recalled, " It was one of the most glorious	glorious	ADJ	albums	NOUN	 albums
Meanwhile, in the Terra Prime headquarters on the Moon, John Frederick Paxton and Doctor Mercer discuss the child. After Mercer leaves, Paxton sends for Daniel Greaves and tells him to deal with Mercer. On Earth, Archer tells Samuels that he knows that the minister	minister	NOUN	was	AUX	 was
This enabled the use of animations depicting a variety of movements and facial expressions. Though it was not the first game to utilize the Super NES ' Mode 7 graphics, Final Fantasy VI made more extensive use of them than its predecessors. For instance, unlike both	both	PRON	Final	PROPN	 Final
As examples of this content were in a milder form for Persona, the restrictions did not apply. According to Atlus, Persona and its sequel were to test player reactions to the Megami Tensei series in the West. The greater majority of Persona titles were either first	first	ADV	released	VERB	 released
At the 1927 election, with the abandonment of proportional representation, he won the new seat of Tenterfield unopposed. Bruxner was included in new Premier Thomas Bavin's cabinet as Minister for Local Government, which included the responsibility for transport. He served until Labor won the	the	DET	1930	NUM	 1930
The spore print is white, and the subglobose to ovoid to subellipsoid, amyloid spores are 9 – 14 x 7 – 10 μm viewed under a microscope. There is typically no smell, though some fruiting bodies may have a slight odour, described as that of	of	ADP	bleach	NOUN	 bleach
The song includes a reference to Stefani's fashion line, with Stefani going, " They like the way that L.A.M.B. is going ' cross my shirt ". " Wind It Up " received negative reviews by contemporary pop music critics. Entertainment Weekly's Michael Slezak found	found	VERB	the	DET	 the
Two short lived tornadoes touched down in North Carolina from Earl. The first, an F0, damaged at least 15 mobile homes, overturned sheds, destroyed a porch and two campers. No injuries resulted from the tornado and damage amounted to $50,000. The second	second	ADJ	and	CCONJ	 and
In 1904, finally, Alfred Lyttelton, Chamberlain's successor refused assent, citing Clarke's reports and an ordinance limited the tax to £1. In the meantime, in 1902, Scott, a native commissioner, brought to Clarke's attention that many work seekers	seekers	NOUN	were	AUX	 were
Albania and Italy determined their sea border in 1992 according to the equidistance principle. Following Croatian EU membership, the Adriatic became an internal sea of the EU. The United Nations Convention on the Law of the Sea defines the Adriatic Sea as an enclosed or semi enclosed	enclosed	VERB	sea	NOUN	 sea
The trial issues of Science Fiction Stories in 1953 and 1954 were competent but unremarkable, with stories by some popular writers, such as Poul Anderson, Algis Budrys, and Philip K. Dick. Once Science Fiction Stories became established in 1955, Future was relegated to the	the	DET	junior	ADJ	 junior
They were brought forward from Finschhafen early in December where they had been undertaking garrison duties and on 5 December, the 22nd Infantry Battalion began the advance, crossing the Kalueng River. Lacking the experience that the 2nd AIF units had, the Militia battalions advanced more cautiously	cautiously	ADV	than	SCONJ	 than
Damage in and around Tampico totaled over $10 million, and the storm killed over 184 people. The thousands of victims took refuge in churches, theatres, and public buildings. Immediately after the storm, the Mexican military placed the city under martial law. Military	Military	ADJ	and	CCONJ	 and
Clifford Backman argues that it is a mistake to see the economic history of Sicily in terms of victimization, and contends that the decline really began in the second part of the reign of Frederick III, in contrast to earlier scholars who believed that Sicilian decline had set	set	VERB	in	ADP	 in
A pick up and drop off point with motorcycle parking and a turning circle is situated between the car park and the side entrance to the station. This was the first part of the New England Quarter to be completed; most of the work was undertaken by the	the	DET	Adenstar	PROPN	 Adenstar
He finally had two of his paintings accepted for exhibition — Telemachus Rescues Antiope from the Fury of the Wild Boar at the Royal Academy Summer Exhibition, and Sappho at the British Institution. The latter sold for the respectable sum of 25 guineas (about £1,600 in	in	ADP	2016	NUM	 2016
Kor and Jadzia leave the compound as the Klingon sings a song to his fallen comrades. " Blood Oath " featured the return of Colicos, Campbell and Ansara in the Klingon roles that they had previously portrayed in Star Trek: The Original Series. The story by	by	ADP	Peter	PROPN	 Peter
Out of the thirty two countries that have participated at least once, two (Belarus and the Netherlands) have been represented by an act at every contest as of 2015. Listed are all the countries that have ever taken part in the competition alongside the year in	in	ADP	which	PRON	 which
The album was compiled by Yu Hong Ishikawa and Kushiro Negishi. In 1998, Sunsoft obtained the license for it and re released it along with the Final Fantasy Legend games. This version was advertised as having Game Boy Color support, although the release was not enhanced	enhanced	VERB	in	ADP	 in
She was the 248th liberty ship authorized by the United States Maritime Commission and was named in honor of Samuel Huntington, a signer of the American Declaration of Independence. SS Samuel Huntington was launched in 1942 and sailed to ports in the Pacific, South America, Africa	Africa	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
On 15 June 1994, Holland briefed the new wing commander, Colonel William Brooks, on the proposed flight plan. The demonstration profile as briefed by Holland included numerous violations of regulations, including steep bank angles, low altitude passes, and steep pitch attitudes. Brooks	Brooks	PROPN	ordered	VERB	 ordered
Following the 11th United Nations Climate Change Convention in Buenos Aires in December 2004, Hareide spoke out against the United States and China, whom he saw as " problems " in the international work against climate change. Hareide gained a fair level of praise for his role	role	NOUN	in	ADP	 in
The Reformation in England was a less radical movement than its Continental counterparts, but there was a definite breach with Rome. The Archbishop of Canterbury, Thomas Cranmer, and the regent of King Edward VI, the Duke of Somerset, were decidedly Protestant minded. However	However	ADV	,	PUNCT	,
Mafioso Joseph Bonanno later described as a key incident in starting the Castellammarese War in New York City. Masseria openly supported Capone, requiring a strong alliance with him following the death of Masseria ally Giuseppe Morello. He also offered territory to Milazzo if he betrayed Aiello,	,	PUNCT	an	DET	 an
However, the largest strand was a series of bands that emerged from 1966 from the British blues scene, but influenced by folk, jazz and psychedelia, including Pink Floyd, Traffic, Soft Machine, Cream, and the Jimi Hendrix Experience (led by an American	American	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
She was buried on 15 March in the churchyard of St. Michael's, the local parish church. Members of the Geological Society contributed to a stained glass window in her memory, unveiled in 1850. It depicts the six corporal acts of mercy — feeding the hungry	hungry	ADJ	,	PUNCT	,
The Southern Accent is a weekly student run newspaper that has been the voice of Southern students since 1926 and gives information on events and outings and " hot issues that are being talked about on campus ". There are 21 student led ministries on campus and in the	the	DET	community	NOUN	 community
In a caucus meeting, in response to a request from Aberhart that he " [assure] us that he feels in a position on every count to recommend that the Lieutenant Governor gives his assent to every Social Credit Measure ", Hugill was more open in his	his	PRON	beliefs	NOUN	 beliefs
During the 1940s and 1950s, television signals were sent between stations via coaxial cable and microwave links which were owned by AT & T. The service provider did not have enough cable lines and microwave circuits to provide signal relay service from all four networks to all of their	their	PRON	affiliates	NOUN	 affiliates
(Otherwise, Pope Callixtus II calls Eystein " Aistano " in a letter.) The existence of a now lost port in Agdenes dated to around Eystein's reign has been supported by recent archaeological surveys in the area. Snorri also says that Eystein had several large	large	ADJ	dry	ADJ	 dry
Arriving in Rome on 6 May 44 BC, Octavian found consul Mark Antony, Caesar's former colleague, in an uneasy truce with the dictator's assassins. They had been granted a general amnesty on 17 March, yet Antony succeeded in driving most of them out	out	ADP	of	ADP	 of
Waxy did not race at the age of two years, and his first turf appearance was at the spring meeting at Newmarket. Waxy was trained by Robert Robson, who worked for Sir Ferdinando Poole in Lewes for several years from about 1792. Waxy's main and	and	CCONJ	most	ADV	 most
By this time Norman was escorting convoys in the Pacific, before deploying to the South Atlantic for anti submarine duties in April – May. On 23 June 1943, Burrell relinquished command of Norman and returned to the Navy Office, Melbourne, as Director of Plans.	.	PUNCT	Having	AUX	 Having
Just west of Cato village, NY 370 enters nearby Ira and the town of Cato. The route continues along the town line into the small village of Cato, where it becomes Main Street and meets NY 34 in the village center. At this point, NY	NY	PROPN	370	NUM	 370
The castle was one of four fortifications that William Fitzwilliam, the Lord Admiral, and William Paulet recommended building to strengthen the defences along the Solent; the others were at East and West Cowes, and Calshot. It was positioned on the Hurst Spit, a strip	strip	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
A smaller format edition with additional photographs followed two years later. Asakusa Portraits (2008) is a large collection edited by the International Center of Photography (New York), published in conjunction with the ICP ’ s exhibition of recent Japanese photography and art “ Heavy	Heavy	PROPN	Light	PROPN	 Light
The main battery gun turrets had 18 inch (460 mm) thick faces, and the supporting barbettes had 13 in (330 mm) of armor plating on their exposed sides. Armor that was 3.5 in (89 mm) thick protected the decks. The conning	conning	VERB	tower	NOUN	 tower
Cuba is a very diverse country. You walk out into the street, and you not only find diversity of races but also of opinions. The official press spends all its time trying to make us believe that this is a very monolithic country, that we all	all	PRON	think	VERB	 think
In between his journeys, Waugh worked intermittently on Helena, a long planned novel about the discoverer of the True Cross that was " far the best book I have ever written or ever will write ". Its success with the public was limited, but it was	was	AUX	,	PUNCT	,
Henry joined the faction with Farooq, The Rock, Kama Mustafa, and D ' Lo Brown on January 12, 1998. After The Rock usurped Farooq's position as leader, Henry switched loyalties to The Rock. He also competed at WrestleMania XIV in a tag	tag	NOUN	team	NOUN	 team
In his History of the State of Georgia from 1850 to 1881, the historian I.W. Avery remarks: In many particulars the Federal soldiers acted very cleverly. Gen. [James H.] Wilson turned over to Gen. Ira Foster the Confederate mules, horses, wagons, and	and	CCONJ	harness	NOUN	 harness
The vervet monkey has a black face with a white fringe of hair, while the overall hair color is mostly grizzled grey. The species exhibits sexual dimorphism; the males are larger in weight and body length. Adult males weigh between 3.9 and 8.0 kg (8.6	8.6	NUM	and	CCONJ	 and
On the other hand, this mixed technique is already present in the 3rd century AD aqueduct of Aspendos, and the Romans certainly knew how to build segmented arched bridges, as attested by surviving examples, three of which are listed by Wurster and Ganzert themselves. An	An	DET	earlier	ADJ	 earlier
In May 1942 the Australian Minister for External Affairs H.V. " Doc " Evatt travelled to the United States and Britain to seek additional aircraft for the RAAF. Evatt first visited the United States, where the government agreed to increase the number of aircraft it would provide to	to	ADP	Australia	PROPN	 Australia
Cave 26 This is plain cave located below cave 6, which is a chaitya (chapel) cave. Cave 6 Cave 6 is the main chaitya griha of the Lenyadri caves and one of the earliest examples of a Hinayana chaitya griha. Its plan is similar to	to	ADP	the	DET	 the
Later that year he established Boston's Temple Number 11; in March 1954, he expanded Temple Number 12 in Philadelphia; and two months later he was selected to lead Temple Number 7 in Harlem, where he rapidly expanded its membership. In 1953, the FBI	FBI	PROPN	began	VERB	 began
The United States Navy also converted two battlecruiser hulls into aircraft carriers in the wake of the Washington Treaty: USS Lexington and USS Saratoga, although this was only considered marginally preferable to scrapping the hulls outright (the remaining four: Constellation, Ranger, Constitution and United	United	PROPN	States	PROPN	 States
In August 2012, Cecil said that he and Revolution were trying to " find the right partner " to create the film. Cecil believed that " a lot of film makers now in their early 30s played Broken Sword the first time around, so they have a	a	DET	lot	NOUN	 lot
The release of the single on 8 January 2001 was coupled with a signing session at London's now defunct Tower Records store and then a TV appearance on Top of The Pops before the single charted. The single charted at number five, becoming the band's first	first	ADJ	top	ADJ	 top
Following the normal pattern of alternating assignments afloat and ashore, Kinkaid was posted to a shore billet as the Chief of the Supply Section of the Bureau of Ordnance in Washington D.C. During this time he published two articles in the United States Naval Institute magazine Proceedings. The	The	DET	first	ADJ	 first
The Hogwarts Express soft opened to the public on 1 July 2014 before officially opening seven days later along with the rest of the Diagon Alley expansion on 8 July 2014. Within one month of its opening, one million riders had travelled on the trains. The idea	idea	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
Team Goh also took part in the race with an ex Van Merksteijn Motorsport car. CytoSport announced in February 2010 that it would contest the full ALMS in a RS Spyder. It was also announced that Sascha Maassen would join the regular drivers Klaus Graf and Greg Pickett	Pickett	PROPN	at	ADP	 at
This juxtaposition of Christmas with urban homeless alcoholism was revisited by Drummond and Cauty's later arts project, the K Foundation, whose final act to date involved distributing thousands of cans of strong lager to London's homeless on Christmas Eve in 1995. " Down Town "	"	PUNCT	was	AUX	 was
By the completion of the Cuban Literacy Campaign, 707,212 adults had been taught to read and write, raising the national literacy rate to 96%. Accompanying literacy, Guevara was also concerned with establishing universal access to higher education. To accomplish this, the new regime	regime	NOUN	introduced	VERB	 introduced
The turning point came in the second innings of this match, as the West Indies were bowled out for 54 (this was their third lowest innings at the time). England won this Test, and they seized the initiative in the series by winning the fourth	fourth	ADJ	and	CCONJ	 and
Additionally, his business partner Nick arrives and fires Mark. In his anger and rush to leave, he smashes into the glass office. Severely injured with ripped clothes, Mark excuses himself from the women. He then finds his car being towed away and earns a	a	DET	punch	NOUN	 punch
A native of Philadelphia, Pennsylvania, he joined the Power midway in the 2014 – 15 season, a few months after completing his senior year at La Salle University. He had several impactful performances with Mississauga in his rookie season and was awarded several starts. Garland	Garland	PROPN	primarily	ADV	 primarily
Telephone service remained working after the storm, due to most lines being underground. Strong waves washed away a few coastal roads in the northern portion of the island, leaving them temporarily closed. The waves surpassed the seawall at Apra Harbor, damaging the road and infrastructure	infrastructure	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
However, the writers wanted a different kind of believer character to contrast with the sceptical nature of John Doggett, who had already been established. The writers were required to create a character who was unlike any of the preconceived main characters that were a part of the	the	DET	series	NOUN	 series
During the war the efforts of Filipino and American defenders during the Battle of Bataan were widely covered by the press, as were the actions of the 100th and 442nd Infantry. After the war, the efforts of the 442nd continued to be lauded, with the 1951	1951	NUM	film	NOUN	 film
She entered port at Guantanamo the next day, and took part in fleet maneuvers until 10 April, after which she returned to New York. Another round of dockyard work took place from 16 April to 26 June. After returning to service, Wyoming took part in	in	ADP	more	ADJ	 more
As work was being finished on Crisis Core: Final Fantasy VII, Nomura voiced his wish to create a new game for the character Aya Brea, and this time it was taken up. Despite the story of Parasite Eve II not leaving many avenues for a sequel	sequel	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
It was written by Samuel Barnes, Scott La Rock, Makeba Riddick, Jean Claude Oliver, Lawrence Parker, and produced by Poke & Tone. It was released on September 13, 2005, as the second and final single from the album. The lyrics revolve	revolve	VERB	around	ADP	 around
A Long Night at Camp Blood was the working title Victor Miller used while he drafted a script, but Cunningham believed in his " Friday the 13th " moniker and rushed to place an advertisement in International Variety. Worrying that someone else owned the rights to the title	title	NOUN	and	CCONJ	 and
He also noted the influence of Avril Lavigne on the song. Billboard gave a mixed review, also commenting on Lavigne's influence on the song. Similarly, Spence D. of IGN Music was mixed in his review stating, " [it's] like bubblegum ice	ice	NOUN	cream	NOUN	 cream
Peaking at number one the second week on the Finnish Singles Chart and charting for 21 weeks, the single sold gold with over 11,000 copies, won the Emma Award for Song of the Year and was the most played song on commercial Finnish radio stations in 2010 with	with	ADP	over	ADP	 over
The only exception was Webster, who remained to finalize what became the 1842 Webster – Ashburton Treaty, and to demonstrate his independence from Clay. When told by Webster that he was willing to stay, Tyler is reported to have said, " Give me your hand	hand	NOUN	on	ADP	 on
The original manuscript for Messiah is now held in the British Library's music collection. At the end of his manuscript Handel wrote the letters " SDG " — Soli Deo Gloria, " To God alone the glory ". This inscription, taken with the speed of	of	ADP	composition	NOUN	 composition
Shifting south to Charleston, South Carolina, the Matoika embarked 2,200 former German prisoners of war (POWs) and hauled them to Rotterdam. This trip was followed up in May with the return of portions of the 79th Infantry Division from Saint Nazaire to New York.	.	PUNCT	In	ADP	 In
The party was an " annual club feast and dance ", which attracted a large attendance. She met her friend, Hannah Cox, left her work clothes at Cox's house in Erdington (after having obtained nicer clothes from her mother's house in the same	same	ADJ	village	NOUN	 village
The first attack on Worcester itself occurred in late 1139, when an Angevin army from Gloucestershire assaulted the city; after an attempt to take the castle on the south side of the city, the Gloucester forces entered from the north, looting and burning the city.	.	PUNCT	As	ADP	 As
The average temperature is 10° C (50° F) or lower throughout the year. The coldest months on average are February and March which have average highs of − 10.2° C (13.6° F) and − 10.1° C (13.8° F	F	PROPN	)	PUNCT	)
Lochner was re elected for a second term in the winter of 1450 – 51, but died in office. There was an outbreak of plague in 1451, and there are no surviving records of him after Christmas of that year. On 16 August 1451 the council	council	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
One urban district, South Hornsey, was an exclave of Middlesex within the County of London until 1900, when it was transferred to the latter county. The rural districts were Hendon, South Mimms, Staines and Uxbridge. Because of increasing urbanisation these had all been	been	AUX	abolished	VERB	 abolished
“ As I recall, we got toward the end of the season and we had to write another episode in a hurry ”, said Meyer in a DVD audio commentary for the episode. Judge Constance Harm is a parody of Judge Judy. The writing staff contributed	contributed	VERB	a	DET	 a
Census officials traveled throughout the empire, assessed the value of labor and land for each landowner, and joined the landowners ' totals together to make city wide totals of capita and iuga. The iugum was not a consistent measure of land, but varied according to the	the	DET	type	NOUN	 type
The " Adult Contemporary Easy Listening Version " of the song was supposed to appear on the Illinois album, but was changed at the last minute. Illinois was released on July 4, 2005, through Rough Trade Records in Europe and was distributed domestically by Asthmatic Kitty	Kitty	PROPN	Records	PROPN	 Records
When the writer William Plomer was proof reading the manuscript he saw literary merit, and wrote to Fleming that the passages relating to the racing stables at Saratoga were " the work of a serious writer ". Kellerman considers that " Fleming's depiction of Las Vegas in	in	ADP	the	DET	 the
Television critics were largely positive towards the episode, particularly Carell's " Prison Mike " sequence as well as Helms ' performance as Andy Bernard. Michael Scott (Steve Carell) learns that black employee Martin Nash (Wayne Wilderson) is a former criminal, and tells	tells	VERB	the	DET	 the
In actuality the season exceeded these limits slightly with the formation of Tropical Depression One E on May 13 and ended on November 11 with the dissipation of Tropical Depression Twelve E. This season was below average in activity. In the eastern north Pacific, eleven tropical cyclones formed	formed	VERB	.	PUNCT	.
Wright appeared before magistrates in Ipswich on 22 December 2006 and was remanded in custody. On 2 January 2007, Wright appeared before Ipswich Crown Court and was remanded in custody to appear before a court on 1 May. At the 1 May appearance, Wright formally entered	entered	VERB	a	DET	 a
It was founded in 1947 by combining the American Council on Public Relations and the National Association of Public Relations Councils. That year it had its first annual conference and award ceremony. In the 1950s and 1960s, the society created its code of conduct, accreditation program	program	NOUN	and	CCONJ	 and
Many of Hay's friends were unenthusiastic about Blaine's candidacy, to Hay's anger, and he wrote to editor Richard Watson Gilder, " I have never been able to appreciate the logic that induces some excellent people every four years because they can not nominate the	the	DET	candidate	NOUN	 candidate
The latter coveted the post, viewing himself as the rightful heir to the office that had been held by his father. In his conflict with Isa, Zamil was defeated, imprisoned, then released after a reconciliation between the chieftains of the Banu Rabi ' ah in	in	ADP	1264	NUM	 1264
The Marine Prediction Center issued some marine gale and storm warnings offshore, while the National Weather Service issued gale warnings for coastal North Carolina. It was not designated as a subtropical cyclone operationally. The storm produced tropical storm force winds in portions of Atlantic Canada, although	although	SCONJ	it	PRON	 it
Vegetius writing in the 4th century says that " Venetian blue " (bluish green, the same color as the sea) was used in the years 56 – 54 BC during the Gallic Wars, when Julius Caesar sent his speculatoria navigia (scout ships) to gather	gather	VERB	intelligence	NOUN	 intelligence
The group then spent the next 72 hours working non stop on the demo, which copied Super Mario Bros. 3 with some shortcuts taken in the artwork, sound, and level design, and a title screen which credited the game to the programmers under the name Ideas	Ideas	PROPN	from	ADP	 from
These continuous continental scale ice sheets, 3 km (1.9 mi) or more in thickness, cap much of the polar and subpolar land masses. Like rivers flowing from an enormous lake, numerous outlet glaciers transport ice from the margins of the ice sheet to the	the	DET	ocean	NOUN	 ocean
Scott placed greater emphasis on the former journey than on the latter: " Whilst the object of your third journey is important, that of the second is vital ". The substance of these orders was reiterated to Atkinson when he left Scott at the top of the	the	DET	Beardmore	PROPN	 Beardmore
Anastasia's supposed escape and possible survival was one of the most popular historical mysteries of the 20th century, provoking many books and films. At least ten women claimed to be her, offering varying stories as to how she had survived. Anna Anderson, the best	best	ADV	known	VERB	 known
Anet suffered a dislocated finger and was held out of the second game against Washington, which took place the following day. The Webfoots claimed a two point win, their fourth of the season over Washington. Of the Huskies ' five losses in 1938 – 39,	,	PUNCT	all	PRON	 all
After a prolonged absence, during which Crawford was accused of feigning illness, Aldrich was forced to replace her with Olivia de Havilland. Crawford claimed to be devastated, saying " I heard the news of my replacement over the radio, lying in my hospital bed...	...	PUNCT	I	PRON	 I
In addition to retro reflective markings, some services now have the vehicles painted in a bright (sometimes fluorescent) yellow or orange for maximum visual impact. Fire Department operated Ambulances are often painted similarly to their apparatuses for ease of identification and the fact that bright red	red	NOUN	is	AUX	 is
" The respective forces of the royal and baronial armies have been estimated to be 10,000 and 5,000 strong. Montfort, facing such unfavourable numbers, decided to concentrate his forces on the centre of the enemy ’ s front, hoping to drive a wedge through the line	line	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
The player can select from four difficulty levels: Walk on the Beach, Combat Op, Suicide Mission, and FUBAR. A player only gain access to the FUBAR level after completing the game with the Suicide Mission difficulty. Various new weapons and equipment become available as	as	SCONJ	the	DET	 the
Under certain circumstances the disk, which can now be called protoplanetary, may give birth to a planetary system. Protoplanetary disks have been observed around a very high fraction of stars in young star clusters. They exist from the beginning of a star's formation, but	but	CCONJ	at	ADP	 at
Mrs Rundell has been called " the original domestic goddess " and her book " a publishing sensation " and " the most famous cookery book of its time ". It ran to over 67 editions; the 1865 edition had grown to 644 pages, and earned two	two	NUM	thousand	NUM	 thousand
The work was tedious, and Duckworth immediately abandoned his post when news of attack by Allemand's squadron reached him. He cast southwards in search of the French, leaving Cadiz guarded by just two frigates. Allemand was aware of the risk involved in allowing Lark to	to	PART	escape	VERB	 escape
He recovered, and later in 1807, made a series of tours of England. In summer 1808, Lambert briefly returned to the capital, where he sold a pair of spaniels for 75 guineas (about £5,500 as of 2016) at Tattersalls. Later that	that	DET	year	NOUN	 year
Nearly all puzzles provide immediate feedback if they have been solved correctly or not through sound effects or visual indication. Puzzles in a given section of the island are presented in a non linear fashion, and with the open world nature of the game, the player may	may	AUX	encounter	VERB	 encounter
The video is presented in 4: 3 aspect ratio, with the widescreen videos windowboxed. Douglas Wolk from Pitchfork Media commented that the DVD was " a lot closer to the mark [of celebrating Madonna's career]. A lot of the fun of her career	career	NOUN	has	AUX	 has
The nave and aisles extend eastwards from the tower. Outside, parts of the aisles are highly decorated; the north doorway includes shafts, mouldings and finials, while the simpler south doorway has niches and monster carvings. The northern doorway has a gable which encroaches up	up	ADP	into	ADP	 into
An important feature of this high rhetorical style of formal oratory was the use of parallelism, whereby the orator structured their speech in couplets consisting of two parallel phrases. For example: ye maca timiquican " May we not die " ye maca tipolihuican " May we not	not	PART	perish	VERB	 perish
This technique has also produced the neutral molecule He2, which has a large number of band systems, and HgHe, which is apparently held together only by polarization forces. Van der Waals compounds of helium can also be formed with cryogenic helium gas and atoms of some	some	DET	other	ADJ	 other
As a result of Dan Brown's best selling 2003 conspiracy fiction novel The Da Vinci Code and the subsequent 2006 film, there was a new level of public interest in the Priory of Sion. Brown's novel promotes the mythical version of the Priory but departs from	from	ADP	the	DET	 the
Oblivion is set after the events of The Elder Scrolls III: Morrowind, though it is not a direct sequel to it or any other game. The game is set in Cyrodiil — a province of Tamriel, the continent on which all the games in the series	series	NOUN	have	AUX	 have
According to Chinese state officials, the quake caused 69,180 known deaths including 68,636 in Sichuan province; 18,498 people are listed as missing, and 374,176 injured, but these figures may further increase as more reports come in. This estimate includes 158 earthquake relief workers who were	were	AUX	killed	VERB	 killed
In the preliminary card's final match, Melvin Guillard faced Brazilian Jiu Jitsu black belt Fabrício Camões. Despite being mounted in the first round by Camoes, Guillard picked apart his opponent in the rest of the fight by exercising good takedown defense and outstriking Camoes. The	The	DET	judges	NOUN	 judges
Dunnington presumably returned to his naval duties and the Ponchartrain. A " Summary of the Work Done for November, 1862, Little Rock Arsenal " shows: Fabrication: 75,000 buck & ball cartridges - percussion 14,000 buck & ball cartridges - flint 275 paper fuzes 117 rounds	rounds	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
The Comoros subsequently became a key location for Rhodesian " sanction busting " operations, providing a convenient end user certificate for clandestine shipments of weapons and equipment bound for Rhodesia in spite of the UN embargo. South Africa, also under a UN arms boycott because of apartheid	apartheid	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
A party from the Norwegian Labour Service arrived at the crash site shortly afterwards and helped tend to the injured soldiers who burned all of their sensitive documents and materials. A German party arrived about twenty minutes later and the British then submitted without a struggle. After their	their	PRON	arrest	NOUN	 arrest
The song's main message is offered in its middle eight: All things must pass None of life's strings can last So I must be on my way And face another day. Ultimately, the cycle of nature offers " consolation ", Leng writes, as	as	ADP	further	ADV	 further
Chief Justice Melville Fuller, for a unanimous Court, dismissed the writ of error, relying on the adequate and independent state grounds for the New York Court of Appeals ' decision. After reviewing the facts and the judgment below, he wrote that: The proper construction	construction	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
In its late period, the maritime fur trade was largely conducted by the British Hudson's Bay Company and the Russian American Company. The term " maritime fur trade " was coined by historians to distinguish the coastal, ship based fur trade from the continental, land	land	NOUN	based	VERB	 based
Of the 31,380 square kilometres (12,120 sq mi) of forest in Britain, around 30% is publicly owned and 70% is in the private sector. More than 40,000 people work on this land. Broadleaves account for 29% of Britain's woodlands, the	the	DET	rest	NOUN	 rest
In mid 1891 Lionel Johnson introduced Wilde to Lord Alfred Douglas, an undergraduate at Oxford at the time. Known to his family and friends as " Bosie ", he was a handsome and spoilt young man. An intimate friendship sprang up between Wilde and Douglas and	and	CCONJ	by	ADP	 by
Intended as a memorial to the assassinated President John F. Kennedy, it was authorized by Congress just over a month after his death. Use of existing works by Mint sculptors Gilroy Roberts and Frank Gasparro allowed dies to be prepared quickly, and striking of the new coins	coins	NOUN	began	VERB	 began
One side always has to lose a final, just as one wins. " Despite their success, Liverpool were not celebrating immediately after the match, as they had an important match in the Premier League on the Saturday following the final. The match against Charlton Athletic	Athletic	PROPN	was	AUX	 was
Similarly, Felson sells his soul and betrays the one person who really knows and loves him in a Faustian pact to gain character. Film and theatre historian Ethan Mordden has identified The Hustler as one of a handful of films from the early 1960s that re defined the	the	DET	relationship	NOUN	 relationship
It is symbolically applied to thy forehead and thy other senses and while thy body is anointed with visible ointment, thy soul is sanctified by the Holy and life giving Spirit. The Catholic Church teaches that baptism, confirmation, and the Eucharist — the sacraments of Christian	Christian	ADJ	initiation	NOUN	 initiation
The 1873 law also prescribed a detailed procedure for taking samples from each delivery by that mint's Coiner, sealing them in envelopes and transmitting them to Philadelphia, where the Assay Commission met each February. This part of the Coinage Act also provided as to how the	the	DET	Coiner	PROPN	 Coiner
They eventually partnered with THQ for Evolve, which would serve as the game's publisher and help with funding. According to Robb, they had to show the game on their iPad, as they forgot to bring the battery for their laptop. THQ's then president	president	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
East Timor, however, remained poor following centuries of Portuguese colonial neglect and Indonesian critic George Aditjondro points out that conflict in the early years of occupation lead to sharp drops in rice and coffee production, and livestock populations. Other critics argue that infrastructure development, such	such	ADJ	as	ADP	 as
A 2002 juror survey showed that viewers of the popular court show Judge Judy were greatly misinformed about the purpose of the judge within a courtroom. Earlier programs which may have affected public perception of " the legal or investigative systems " include Perry Mason (1957 – 66	66	NUM	)	PUNCT	)
See also renewable energy in the United States for US figures. Renewable energy technologies are getting cheaper, through technological change and through the benefits of mass production and market competition. A 2011 IEA report said: " A portfolio of renewable energy technologies is becoming cost competitive	competitive	ADJ	in	ADP	 in
Dr. Schultze also served in the British Diplomatic Service. Clayton and his wife had one child, Bessie Clayton, who was born on October 3, 1873, and died on August 21, 1874. On September 27, 1891, at 19: 00, Clayton	Clayton	PROPN	's	PART	's
On the coast the 52nd (Lowland) Division was fought a fierce action after crossing the Wadi el Hesi on the coast north of Gaza. By the morning of 8 November, two infantry brigades had crossed the Wadi el Hesi near its mouth and, despite some	some	DET	opposition	NOUN	 opposition
Motley finished the year with 444 yards of rushing and 4.3 yards per carry, a career low. The Browns finished with an 8 – 4 record but still captured the conference title and secured another spot in the NFL championship game. Motley performed well in that matchup	matchup	NOUN	against	ADP	 against
Hyun jun and Seung hee took the opportunity to secretly fly off to Akita Japan for a romantic winter escape after saving the life of SK President Cho Myung ho (Lee Jung gil); Baek San seized opportunity to reveal NSS to the president to gain his support	support	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
The next day, he claimed another R 5 and two Mikoyan Gurevich MiG 1 fighters. On 12 July, he again claimed an R 5 and two LaGG 3s before he shot down another LaGG 3 on 18 July. On 24 July he was credited with a	a	DET	Polikarpov	PROPN	 Polikarpov
" Amiga Computing stated that " Lemmings is absolutely brilliant. Psygnosis have managed to produce a game that is not only totally original, but also features the kind of addicting gameplay that will keep the player coming back for more time and time again. " A review	review	NOUN	from	ADP	 from
Longfellow spent several years translating Dante Alighieri's Divine Comedy. To aid him in perfecting the translation and reviewing proofs, he invited friends to weekly meetings every Wednesday starting in 1864. The " Dante Club ", as it was called, regularly included William Dean Howells	Howells	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
Coakley's cross examinations began with an attempt to have the signed statements admitted as evidence. Veltmann objected that each statement was obtained under duress and was not voluntary. Coakley characterized the statements as not being confessions requiring voluntary conditions but merely " admissions " that had no	no	DET	such	ADJ	 such
Peyrou was a visitor from at the École Polytechnique, where he had obtained an accurate value of the muon mass in 1947, and Safford was Rossi's student. By 1952, a bewildering " zoo " of elementary particles had been reported, with various masses,	,	PUNCT	decay	NOUN	 decay
At another performance in San Francisco that month, the audience began shouting out lyrics when Smith could not remember them. In the first of only three concerts performed in 2002, Smith co headlined Northwestern University's A & O Ball with Wilco on May 2 in Chicago	Chicago	PROPN	.	PUNCT	.
With the German invasion of Poland in September 1939, although still following a policy of neutrality, the Belgian government began general mobilization. By 1940, the army numbered between 600,000 and 650,000 men (nearly 20 percent of the male population of Belgium) making it approximately	approximately	ADV	four	NUM	 four
Type Ib / c and II L, and possibly most type IIn, supernovae are only thought to be produced from stars having near solar metallicity levels that result in high mass loss from massive stars, hence they are less common in older more distant galaxies. The	The	DET	table	NOUN	 table
In total, he played in just 44 games for the Red Sox, with only 15 games in the outfield; 12 of them starting the game. Vick had a season total of 77 at bats, a.260 batting average, and nine RBIs. After the 1921	1921	NUM	season	NOUN	 season
There, on one occasion he saw a performance of Giuseppe Verdi's Il Trovatore by Italian tenor, Pietro Baccei, and at that moment knew what he wanted to do as an adult. His parents were very supportive of his ambition and guided him on this route	route	NOUN	during	ADP	 during
" The wind is said to have blown the fire back towards the Mercians, deterring them from further attempts to capture the city. At another point, some years after Aidan's death, Bede records another attack. He says that Penda led an army in devastating	devastating	VERB	the	DET	 the
The 193 by 57 feet (58.8 by 17.4 m) landing deck required the removal of Nos. 5 and 6 7.5 inch guns and moving the four 3 inch AA guns to an elevated platform between the funnels, in lieu of the 3 inch guns intended for	for	ADP	that	DET	 that
In a hard fought contest, Stephen Lee defeated King 5 – 4. The other winners were Carter, Andy Hicks, Anthony Hamilton, Hawkins, Barry Pinches, Holt, and Stuart Bingham. In the last 16, O'Sullivan compiled two century breaks to whitewash Lee	Lee	PROPN	5	NUM	 5
The scene that best exemplifies this trait is when Mulder attempts to comfort Amy's mother following her daughter's kidnapping. Mulder comments that he " knows how she feels ", not because of what happened to his sister, but because he can identify with her general	general	ADJ	sense	NOUN	 sense
" The Greatest Story Never Told " is a cue used regularly in the second half of the fourth series. The cue evokes the scores of previous episodes to represent the Doctor's " past love ". " The Rueful Fate of Donna Noble " is a cue	cue	NOUN	that	PRON	 that
At the end of series five, Red Dwarf itself is stolen by persons unknown, forcing the crew to travel in the smaller Starbug craft for two series, with the side effect that they lose contact with Holly. In series seven, Rimmer departs the crew to	to	PART	take	VERB	 take
In February 1984 they were invited to play on popular music show " The Tube ", being introduced by presenter Muriel Gray as " the ugliest band in rock and roll ". The producers of the show however were concerned about the lyrics of " Vengeance ",	,	PUNCT	which	PRON	 which
On the accession of George I in 1714, Caroline's husband automatically became Duke of Cornwall and Duke of Rothesay. Shortly afterwards, he was invested as Prince of Wales, whereupon she became Princess of Wales. Caroline was the first woman to receive the title at	at	ADP	the	DET	 the
Twenty Mustangs owned by the Bureau of Land Management were introduced in 1939. Arabian blood was added in the hopes of adding refinement and height to the breed, as well as increasing the length of their legs. Arabian stallions were used at two different points within the	the	DET	breed	NOUN	 breed
On his return to the side, Cresswell came on as a substitute and scored a header in United's 5 – 3 victory over Bournemouth on 1 September 2012. Cresswell rejoined his first club York City, playing in League Two, on a one month loan on	on	ADP	19	NUM	 19
The House of Commons, along with its library and committee rooms, the official residence of the Clerk of the House and the Speaker's House, were devastated. Other buildings, such as the Law Courts, were badly damaged. The buildings within the complex which	which	PRON	emerged	VERB	 emerged
Earth and the Moon are nevertheless still considered a planet – satellite system, rather than a double planet, because their barycentre, the common centre of mass, is located 1,700 km (1,100 mi) (about a quarter of Earth's radius) beneath Earth's	's	PART	surface	NOUN	 surface
Hobbs accepted an invitation to tour South Africa that winter with the MCC. The cricketing conditions were challenging: matches were played on matting pitches, unfamiliar to English players, and the South African googly bowlers had previously troubled most leading English batsmen, provoking debate over how	how	SCONJ	batsmen	NOUN	 batsmen
As a junior at suburban Dormont High School, he was the 200 meter dash state champion. Paul went to Gettysburg College, where he was also a member of the Lambda Chi Alpha fraternity. He graduated with a B.S. degree in Biology in 1957. Paul earned	earned	VERB	a	DET	 a
First published in 1993 by Wizards of the Coast, Magic was the first trading card game produced and it continues to thrive, with approximately twenty million players as of 2015. Magic can be played by two or more players in various formats, the most common of	of	ADP	which	PRON	 which
He came into the 2010 Australian Open with the injury not healed, and was forced to take a month off after the event. In the fourth round, he fell to eventual semifinalist Marin Čilić. Following the Australian Open loss, del Potro missed several tournaments,	,	PUNCT	including	VERB	 including
Depot Town's newest restaurant MAIZ Mexican Cantina opened June 2014 serving fresh from scratch Mexican fare complimenting the other institutions on Cross St. Sidetrack Bar & Grill has occupied the southwest corner of the River Street Cross Street intersection since 1980, while Aubree's Saloon is in the	the	DET	last	ADJ	 last
He was promoted to captain on 20 October, major on 13 February 1943, and lieutenant colonel on 27 August 1943. High casualties and the rapid expansion of the Air Force paved the way for fast promotion, which Brown's superiors felt was deserved due to his	his	PRON	outstanding	ADJ	 outstanding
The change to singing " Back Home Again in Indiana " at public events continued in the following years, and it is often played in the place of " On the Banks of the Wabash, Far Away " at state college football games and other prominent events.	.	PUNCT	In	ADP	 In
After seeing a picture of a happy Beth and Puck, Quinn breaks down. She resumes her normal appearance, and Will and the New Directions welcome her back into the club. Puck tells Quinn he is proud of her, but Quinn reveals she is only pretending	pretending	VERB	to	PART	 to
Accounts of subsequent events differ, but the magazine doors had been closed and the magazine flooded when the smouldering fire ignited the eight full propellant charges in the turret working room at 4: 28. They burnt violently, with the flames reaching as high as the masthead	masthead	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
When psoriasis involves the oral mucosa (the lining of the mouth), it may be asymptomatic, but it may appear as white or grey yellow plaques. Fissured tongue is the most common finding in those with oral psoriasis and has been reported to occur in 6.5	6.5	NUM	–	PUNCT	 –
Ethylene glycol, often used as an automotive antifreeze, is particularly appealing to cats, and as little as a teaspoonful can be fatal. Some human foods are toxic to cats; for example chocolate can cause theobromine poisoning, although (unlike dogs) few cats will	will	AUX	eat	VERB	 eat
Natasha Lyonne stars as Megan Bloomfield, a high school cheerleader whose parents send her to a residential inpatient conversion therapy camp to cure her lesbianism. There Megan soon comes to embrace her sexual orientation, despite the therapy, and falls in love. The supporting cast includes	includes	VERB	Melanie	PROPN	 Melanie
During the 2008 – 09 season, Kesler began adding a more offensive component to his game and was moved up to the Canucks ' second line from third. With an increased points total, he earned league recognition with his first Selke Trophy nomination as the NHL's	's	PART	best	ADJ	 best
A weak system, the wave was barely identifiable as it tracked westward. By July 26, the wave entered the Caribbean Sea before crossing Central America and entering the eastern Pacific basin on July 29. The system remained ill defined until August 1, at which time	time	NOUN	convection	NOUN	 convection
Dr. Elma Linton Sandford Morgan (22 February 1890 –), author of ABC of Mothercraft, was appointed medical officer for M.B.H.A. in 1937. She was a daughter of industrialist and politician A. Wallace Sandford. Mayo became the first woman in Australia to be elected to	to	ADP	a	DET	 a
As such, arbitrage opportunities are fleeting. In order for this equilibrium to hold under differences in interest rates between two countries, the forward exchange rate must generally differ from the spot exchange rate, such that a no arbitrage condition is sustained. Therefore, the forward	forward	ADJ	rate	NOUN	 rate
Tech's drive covered 80 yards in 12 plays and 4: 56 of game time. The Cornhuskers ' offense returned to the field with 4: 58 remaining in the third quarter. Nebraska began at its 39 yard line after the kickoff was returned 23 yards.	.	PUNCT	Frost	PROPN	 Frost
We shouldn't have all these campaigns to get the Birmingham Six released if they'd been hanged. They'd have been forgotten, and the whole community would be satisfied... It is better that some innocent men remain in jail than that the integrity of the English	English	ADJ	judicial	ADJ	 judicial
This decision pleased the Australians, who regarded Hutton as their most formidable opponent with the bat. On the field, the Australians continued to flourish. The Third Test was a rain affected draw, and between the First and Fourth Tests, they won four of their	their	PRON	five	NUM	 five
The book includes a foreword by his Cloud Nine co producer, Jeff Lynne, and a written contribution from Elton John. The musical disc contains three songs that Warner Bros. Records had rejected in 1980 for inclusion on Harrison's album Somewhere in England, together with a	a	DET	live	ADJ	 live
Removal of the iconic Jacobs Field sign on the front of the building began the morning of January 18, and the replacement sign was installed on March 25. Progressive agreed to pay $57.6 million for the naming rights for 16 years. There were discussions about instead	instead	ADV	naming	VERB	 naming
The castle is accessed via a high bridge, which replaced an earlier drawbridge. Roslin was renovated in the 1980s and now serves as holiday accommodation. The first castle was built in either the late 14th or in early 15th century, perhaps begun by Henry Sinclair,	,	PUNCT	Earl	PROPN	 Earl
In addition to the loudness of the band's crew, the Dublin City Council decided to withhold the band's €80,000 ($104,000) bond, after breaking the 75 decibel maximum volume at all three of the Dublin concerts. Like most concerts, tour venues	venues	NOUN	have	AUX	 have
It is less vigorous than the parent plant. It was initially promoted as ' Light Shade of Pale ' but there can only be three words in a registered cultivar name. Telopea ' Sunflare ' is an early flowering form. It has large leaves with toothed margins	margins	NOUN	and	CCONJ	 and
In 2012, Elizabeth II, as Queen of the United Kingdom, opened the London Summer Olympics with the same fashion in English, making it the second time that she opened the Games. Next, the Olympic flag is carried horizontally (since the 1960 Summer Olympics	Olympics	PROPN	)	PUNCT	)
A five yard false start penalty pushed the Tech offense back five yards, but a long run by quarterback Mark Cox made up the penalty and earned Tech a first down. Another first down followed, and Tech penetrated into the Air Force side of the field.	.	PUNCT	Once	ADV	 Once
Similarly, MOFA said that 58 maps from the British Library and the University of Cambridge showed 86 percent used Sea of Japan, 14 percent used Sea of Korea, and none used Oriental Sea, East Sea, or other terms. MOFA said that they looked at	at	ADP	1,485	NUM	 1,485
Her twin six inch gun turrets were removed and replaced by half a dozen eight inch guns on pedestal mounts that were protected by gun shields. The fore and aft eight inch guns were repositioned one deck lower, on the same level as the midships guns, and	and	CCONJ	the	DET	 the
The Del Mar Conservancy suit continued, and the plaintiffs requested a court order to stop construction. This lawsuit claimed that the state and city had not done enough environmental studies and mitigation. The 4th District Court of Appeals denied an appeal on October 23. In 1993	1993	NUM	,	PUNCT	,
He discovered the music of Christian rock singer songwriter Larry Norman at 13 when Norman played at a religious summer camp that Thompson attended. Norman's music influenced Thompson to the extent that he named the Pixies ' first EP and a lyric in the band's song "	"	PUNCT	Levitate	PROPN	 Levitate
Retreating columns of the Yildirim Army Group were attacked during the battle for the Jisr ed Damieh bridge, and several fords to the south were also captured, closing this line of retreat. Leaving detachments to hold the captured bridge and fords, Chaytor's Force began their	their	PRON	eastwards	NOUN	 eastwards
Poor performances in the big games, however, blighted Arsenal's title credentials; a 5 – 1 defeat to Liverpool in February 2014, with four goals conceded in the first 20 minutes, was followed by a 6 – 0 loss to Chelsea, a month later	later	ADV	.	PUNCT	.
Japan is the largest foreign holder of U.S. public debt. The largest holder of the U.S. debt are American entities, including federal government accounts and the Federal Reserve, who hold the majority of the debt. In 2009, the private sector was estimated to constitute 86.4	86.4	NUM	%	NOUN	%
This shows that they pre date the Irish Water Spaniel which was not developed as a breed until the 1830s. Unfortunately as the person credited with developing the Irish Water Spaniel, Justin McCarthy, left no written records, it is unknown if the English Water Spaniel was	was	AUX	involved	VERB	 involved
O'Neal, the last reserve called during the player introduction, came out with a white mask and began dancing with the dance group JabbaWockeeZ before finally opening his mask and joining the rest of the players on the court. O'Neal and previous year's regular season MVP Kobe	Kobe	PROPN	Bryant	PROPN	 Bryant
At 5° C the solubility increases to 9.0 mL (50% more than at 25° C) per liter for water and 7.2 mL (45% more) per liter for sea water. Oxygen condenses at 90.20 K (− 182.95° C, −	−	PROPN	297.31	NUM	 297.31
, after weeks of vignettes hyping his return. He attacked The Undertaker after a World Heavyweight Championship steel cage match with Batista, allowing Edge to take advantage of the situation and use his Money in the Bank contract. Henry then began a short feud with Kane,	,	PUNCT	defeating	VERB	 defeating
In this sense, it can be argued that all observation is theory laden. Should science aim to determine ultimate truth, or are there questions that science can not answer? Scientific realists claim that science aims at truth and that one ought to regard scientific theories as	as	ADP	true	ADJ	 true
Still, playoff failures and Butch Carter's media altercations surrounding Camby led Grunwald to replace Carter prior to the 2000 – 01 season with Lenny Wilkens, a Hall of Fame coach and player with more than 30 years of coaching experience. The team roster was also largely	largely	ADV	revamped	VERB	 revamped
The School for Love (1951) is the tale of an orphaned boy's journey of disillusionment in a city that is home to Arabs, Jews and a repressive, colonial presence represented in the novel by the cold, self righteous, and anti Semitic character of	of	ADP	Miss	PROPN	 Miss
Oleander is not found in the UK every year, and the larva have never been recorded in the Britain. Plant life is heavily influenced by the salt spray, strong winds and acidic peaty soils. No trees grow on the archipelago, although there are more than	than	ADP	130	NUM	 130
It is in an isolated location, five miles (8 km) south of Wooler in the Cheviot Hills, catering to both local residents and passing tourist traffic. It is not vulnerable to competition from supermarkets and provides something of a local community center. For decades	decades	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
The hospital was the favorite charity of those on the Social Register. The ballroom filled with many of New York's First Families, who had paid five dollars for the concert and dinner at the Waldorf. It soon became a major success, earning $4.5 million	million	NUM	in	ADP	 in
It was only after the French annexation of 1795 that the territory became a single entity. In the 1830s, Belgian revolutionaries sought to create an independent state within the borders of the nine provinces that had been established under French occupation while ending the traditional roles of the	the	DET	small	ADJ	 small
" Erin Martell of AOL's TV Squad called " Something Nice Back Home " " a break after last week's action- and information packed episode ", argued that Rousseau was not given a proper death and enjoyed Rose and Bernard's roles. UGO's Sara shared	shared	VERB	Martell	PROPN	 Martell
On the August 17 episode of Raw, Triple H and Michaels officially reunited as DX, but as they were in the process of their in ring promo, The Legacy attacked them both. Their first match after reuniting was against The Legacy at SummerSlam, which they	they	PRON	won	VERB	 won
Author and sportsman Richard Alden Knight praised the novel, stating that it " surpasses any writing I have ever encountered on the thinking processes of animals " and that the story of a duel between natural enemies is " told well and written with feeling ". A reviewer	reviewer	NOUN	for	ADP	 for
The same authors released a software package called PRANK in 2008. PRANK improves alignments when insertions are present. Nevertheless, it runs slowly compared to progressive and / or iterative methods which have been developed for several years. In 2012, two new phylogeny aware tools appeared	appeared	VERB	.	PUNCT	.
The series was conceived when Nesbitt was working on Playing the Field; he and producer Greg Brenman approached author Colin Bateman about creating a television series for Nesbitt in a similar vein to Bateman's Dan Starkey novels. Bateman and Nesbitt were already well acquainted; Nesbitt had	had	AUX	been	AUX	 been
" Some territories " clearly refers to his rule over Dvin, known from other sources, meaning that he became ruler of the city in c. 1022. The city, although part of the Bagratid Kingdom of Armenia, had been left defenceless after the death of Gagik	Gagik	PROPN	I	PRON	 I
In 1816 – 17, after an ill fated business venture and three years of crop failures, the Smith family moved to the western New York village of Palmyra, and eventually took a mortgage on a 100 acre (40 ha) farm in the nearby town of	of	ADP	Manchester	PROPN	 Manchester
When Vidhyadhari realises she has been cheated and is married to a farmhand, she prays to the goddess Kali for a remedy. Kali appears before her, names her husband " Kalidas " and endows him with phenomenal literary talents. T. P. Rajalakshmi as Vidhyadhari P. G.	G.	PROPN	Venkatesan	PROPN	 Venkatesan
Former Atomic Kitten member Heidi Range was announced as Donaghy's replacement, and the Sugababes subsequently signed to Island Records. " Stronger " was written by Buchanan, Buena and Range, in collaboration with Jony Rockstar, Marius de Vries and Felix Howard, for the group	group	NOUN	's	PART	's
Shapers rely on their creations for protection. Every character class is referred to as " Shaper " in game. Most objectives in the game must be completed via combat or diplomacy, but players can also use subterfuge to pass obstacles. All three character classes can use	use	VERB	different	ADJ	 different
Anthony Davidson missed out on the second session of qualifying, putting his Super Aguri in 17th position, 3 places behind his team mate Sato. Ralf Schumacher and his team were disappointed with qualifying in 18th. Heikki Kovalainen crashed into the wall at turn 5, damaging	damaging	VERB	his	PRON	 his
Top 10 professional prospects list Athlon Sports second team All Big 12 Texas ’ 2007 recruiting class was rated by Scout.com as third best in the nation, behind Florida and USC. Of their picks for the top 100 incoming freshman, Texas signed # 8 Tray Allan (	(	PUNCT	offensive	ADJ	offensive
Du Bois played a leading role, drafting a letter (" Address to the Nations of the World ") to European leaders appealing to them to struggle against racism, to grant colonies in Africa and the West Indies the right to self government and to demand political	political	ADJ	and	CCONJ	 and
In the House of Commons on 8 May 1940, the day following Lansbury's death, Chamberlain said of him: " There were not many hon. Members who felt convinced of the practicability of the methods which he advocated for the preservation of peace, but there	there	PRON	was	VERB	 was
This means that wasps are paraphyletic with respect to bees and ants, and that all three groups are descended from a common ancestor; the Apocrita form a clade. The most commonly known wasps, such as yellow jackets and hornets, are in the family Vespidae and	and	CCONJ	are	AUX	 are
Catherine's mother was Jelena, daughter of Zeta's lord Balša III and the first of Stjepan's three wives. Catherine was the couple's first child but the precise date of her birth is not known; both 1424 and late August 1425 have been suggested by	by	ADP	her	PRON	 her
Pauline Fowler is one of the original twenty three characters invented by the creators of EastEnders, Tony Holland (1940 – 2007) and Julia Smith (1927 – 1997). Holland had drawn on his own London background for inspiration, naming three of the original characters	characters	NOUN	after	ADP	 after
Crackdown was critically acclaimed by game critics who praised the open world approach. Reviewers commented highly on the graphics of the game, both in its detailed city and large draw distances, and the cel like shading of the characters; 1UP said that " it's just	just	ADV	better	ADJ	 better
" Third Way reviewer Roland Howard described it as " haunting and melodic ", believing it to be about the loss of virginity. Music journalist Bill Wyman said the Edge's guitar playing on the song sounded like a " dentist's drill ". Jon Pareles of	of	ADP	the	DET	 the
The remainder of 5th Light Horse Regiment arrived at Duidar at 13: 30 and took up the pursuit. They captured one officer and thirty one other ranks, and killed seventy five men; there were fifty five British casualties. The commander of 5th Mounted Brigade decided	decided	VERB	to	PART	 to
Scat collected and analyzed from both Andohahela and Andringitra contained lemur matter and rodents. Eastern populations in Andringitra incorporate the widest recorded variety of prey, including both vertebrates and invertebrates. Vertebrates consumed ranged from reptiles to a wide variety of birds, including both understory and ground	ground	NOUN	birds	NOUN	 birds
Some of the engineers fired on the E Company men before the latter identified themselves. The E Company platoon went into position on the right of Vandygriff, and Kennedy turned over command of the combined force to the E Company commander. Kennedy then assembled 12 wounded men	men	NOUN	and	CCONJ	 and
The family lived in Phillip Street in central Sydney. Garran's mother " had a deep distrust, well justified in those days, of milkman's milk " and so she kept a cow in the backyard, which would walk on its own to The Domain each	each	DET	day	NOUN	 day
With seven goals and seven assists over the final seven games of the season, Kariya was named NHL Player of the Month for April. He finished the season with 50 goals and 58 assists for 108 points, tying him with Selänne for seventh overall in NHL scoring	scoring	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
Each of his friends has a different problem of his / her own, so he sets out to help them while spoiling his own agendas. As soon as SpongeBob realizes that he has forfeited (and sacrificed) his perfect day to help his friends, they rally	rally	VERB	around	ADP	 around
After the 2001 season, the team owners voted in favor of contraction. Several MLB teams had been considered for elimination in early talks about contraction, but the Montreal Expos and the Minnesota Twins were the two teams that came closest to folding under the plan. Plans	Plans	NOUN	for	ADP	 for
RSA contacted the advertising agency Droga5, under whom Under Armour is a client. Droga5 ultimately collaborated with WME and 3AM to produce the teaser. Forbes's Peter Himler said American astronauts had traditionally been used by public relations to promote commercial products, starting with the drink	drink	NOUN	Tang	PROPN	 Tang
However, this may also be disadvantageous to the Javan rhino population, because any catastrophic diseases or tsunamis could wipe them all out at once. Poaching for their horns is no longer as serious a threat as in the past, due to stricter international regulations on rhino	rhino	ADJ	horn	NOUN	 horn
The album was released again in 2016 by Ship to Shore as a set of two vinyl LP records, with four color options for the discs. The album, named Mother 2, uses the same tracks and artwork as the original soundtrack release. Vincent Chorley,	,	PUNCT	in	ADP	 in
Reversing matter, also described as " retro metabolism ", allows the Mysterons to re create the likeness of a person or object in the form of a facsimile that is under their control. This ability is used to conduct a " war of nerves " against Earth	Earth	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
See also: Mountaineer Field at Milan Puskar Stadium, Mountaineer Field (1924) Since 1891, the Mountaineers have played their home games in Morgantown, West Virginia along with neutral site games at numerous locations throughout West Virginia, most notably in Charleston, Clarksburg, Fairmont	Fairmont	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
We finished our two song set, and the crowd... didn't cheer or boo. They just stood there, stunned "; they later learned that the concert was supposed to occur earlier in the evening, and that they were performing in the wrong building.	.	PUNCT	The	DET	 The
The work concludes with the closing seventh stanza of Adam Reusner's hymn " In dich hab ich gehoffet, Herr ", " Glorie, Lob, Ehr und Herrlichkeit " (Glory, praise, honor, and majesty), as a choral movement, but not	not	PART	a	DET	 a
The Lord Mayor opened the first part of the new works on 28 October 1909, and Sheffield Council increased the amount of land they owned for sewage treatment to 226.5 acres (91.7 ha) by buying another 81 acres (33 ha), on which contact beds	beds	NOUN	could	AUX	 could
Seacole made a point of wearing brightly coloured, and highly conspicuous, clothing — often bright blue, or yellow, with ribbons in contrasting colours. While Lady Alicia Blackwood later recalled that Seacole had "... personally spared no pains and no exertion to visit the field	field	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
Charters dating from Coenwulf's reign have survived; these were documents granting land to followers or to churchmen and were witnessed by the kings who had the authority to grant the land. A charter might record the names of both a subject king and his overlord on the	the	DET	witness	NOUN	 witness
A drafted player, either an international draftee or a college draftee who isn't signed by the team that drafted him, is allowed to sign with any non NBA teams. In this case, the team retains the player's draft rights in the NBA until one	one	NUM	year	NOUN	 year
The 15th Sustainment Brigade was the first element of the 1st Cavalry Division to return to Iraq and assumed control for logistics in the Baghdad area of operations in July 2006. The Brigade provided command and control for numerous units not normally associated with the 1st Cavalry Division.	.	PUNCT	It	PRON	 It
After defeating the Veientes, the Romans had effectively completed the conquest of their immediate Etruscan neighbours, as well as secured their position against the immediate threat posed by the tribespeople of the Apennine hills. However, Rome still controlled only a very limited area and the affairs	affairs	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
Custom and tradition are the most frequently cited reasons for FGM, with some cultures believing that not performing it has the possibility of disrupting the cohesiveness of their social and political systems, such as FGM also being a part of a girl's initiation into adulthood. Often	Often	ADV	,	PUNCT	,
There were difficulties in casting initially, and the character changed from one who was intended to be " spooky " to one that had found itself in a position where it had to take on the Dax symbiont resulting in schizophrenic like symptoms as it comes to adjust to	to	ADP	the	DET	 the
The feet were missing, and the skull was found in an unusual propped up position, consistent with the body being put into a grave that was slightly too small. The spine was curved in an S shape. No sign of a coffin was found; the	the	DET	skeleton	PROPN	 skeleton
The ships carried between 170 to 205 t (167 to 202 long tons; 187 to 226 short tons) of coal as designed, and they could accommodate up to 305 to 320 t (300 to 315 long tons; 336 to 353 short tons) of	of	ADP	coal	NOUN	 coal
Instead of using conferences or player nationalities as in the past, teams were selected by captains in a fantasy draft days prior to the game. Fans still elected players to the All Star Game, but instead of the traditional 12 starters (six for each team)	)	PUNCT	,	PUNCT	,
The system was fully absorbed by the front later that day. The newly absorbed system would separate from the dissolving frontal system and become Subtropical Storm Vince on October 8. At the time, the system was not believed to have been subtropical. However, there were	were	VERB	several	ADJ	 several
Beyoncé said that the video did not turn out the way she wanted it to be and she had to reshoot most of it. In post production, she decided that it would be more artistic to play the events in reverse. The footage follows the plot of	of	ADP	the	DET	 the
The game was released by Sunsoft in Japan as Chô Wakusei Senki Metafight (also simply called Metafight or Meta Fight) on June 17, 1988 (1988 06 17). It was released under the title Blaster Master in North America in November 1988 and in Europe	Europe	PROPN	on	ADP	 on
Thus, it is illegal for a decision maker to abdicate its responsibility of exercising power by taking orders from other bodies. The Carltona doctrine of English administrative law (which Singapore inherited at independence) allows a civil servant to take a decision on behalf of a minister	minister	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
It took over a 16,000 yards (15,000 m) front on the Naktong River without its 3rd Battalion which had been attached to the US 1st Cavalry Division to the north. On August 31 the 2nd Division moved E Company south to a reserve position in the 9th	9th	ADJ	Infantry	PROPN	 Infantry
The structure was made a Scheduled Ancient Monument in 1997, giving Maiden Castle protection against unauthorised change; it is now maintained by English Heritage. With parking facilities and information boards for visitors, Maiden Castle is open to the public all year round. Today, the	the	DET	site	NOUN	 site
However, they discover that the conversations are just old propaganda recordings of the deceased Albanian communist dictator Enver Hoxha; it becomes clear that the robbers anticipated surveillance. After being informed of the robbery, Arthur Case (Christopher Plummer), the chairman of the board of	of	ADP	directors	NOUN	 directors
The group of taken to Ovčara consisted of 261 people. Sources disagree as to whether the group included one, or two women, one of whom was five months pregnant. The age of the prisoners ranged from 16 to 72. The youngest among them was 16	16	NUM	year	NOUN	 year
The German ships would meanwhile be obscured against the Chilean coast, making the task of the British gunners more difficult. At 18: 07, Spee issued the order to open fire, with his two armored cruisers battling Cradock's armored cruisers and his light cruisers engaging	engaging	VERB	Glasgow	PROPN	 Glasgow
They created a separate ecosystem generator over the course of two man years of work. The alien names were created by randomly combining syllables until they had names they liked, and their code for simulating communications was rewritten four times before completion. Starflight was released for PC	PC	PROPN	on	ADP	 on
Shortly after this episode was broadcast, NBC announced their decision to cancel Awake, due to declining ratings. Despite the series ' cancellation, NBC still decided to air the remaining two episodes. Before its original airing, " Say Hello to My Little Friend " was	was	AUX	highly	ADV	 highly
Several million Eastern Nigerians died from the pogroms against them, such as the 1966 anti Igbo pogrom where between 10,000 and 30,000 Igbo people were killed. In their struggle for self determination, the people of Biafra earned the respect of a generation, and figures such as	as	ADP	Jean	PROPN	 Jean
If a breakthrough did occur the briefest delay in bringing up the panzer divisions would give the Red Army time to react. His corps commanders thought a breakthrough extremely unlikely. Following a preliminary bombardment and Red Army counter bombardments, the 9th Army opened its attack at 05	05	NUM	:	SYM	:
Both the Strokes and the White Stripes obtained their initial commercial success in the UK, before achieving recognition in the US and elsewhere. They were christened by the media as the " The " bands, and dubbed " the saviours of rock ' n ' roll "	"	PUNCT	,	PUNCT	,
On 24 July 2013, it was reported that Bayern had become the first German club with over 200,000 members. On 27 July 2013, Bayern Munich lost against rivals Borussia Dortmund 2 – 4 in the 2013 DFL Supercup at Signal Iduna Park. On 30 August 2013	2013	NUM	,	PUNCT	,
The period post 9 / 11 had sent the business into a downturn. Passenger numbers were drying up due to worries over international travel. Several management changes had led to a pause in strategy. Punctuality had suffered badly because of wider problems with the UK's rail	rail	NOUN	infrastructure	NOUN	 infrastructure
Bardas Skleros and his men were consequently withdrawn to Asia Minor, whilst Sviatoslav restricted his forces to the north of the Balkan Mountains. In the spring of the next year, however, with Phokas ' rebellion subdued, Tzimiskes himself, at the head of his army	army	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
The Queen stated that " It is surely appropriate that this should be positioned in The Mall - an area of London so often associated with our national way of life. When people pass by the memorial, I hope they will pause and reflect on the proud traditions	traditions	NOUN	that	SCONJ	 that
He generated headlines by proposing that 15% of Canadian spending on US imports instead be spent on imports from the United Kingdom. Britain responded with an offer of a free trade agreement, which was rejected by the Canadians. As the Harold Macmillan government in the UK	UK	PROPN	sought	VERB	 sought
" Home " has continued to receive positive reviews. In a 2011 review, Todd VanDerWerff from The A.V. Club gave the episode an " A " rating and wrote that, like many episodes of The X Files, the episode was a statement of its time and	and	CCONJ	likely	ADV	 likely
According to Kristó, the legends refer to a plot in which Vazul participated and his mutilation was a punishment for this act. That Vazul's ears were filled with molten lead was only recorded in later sources, including the Illuminated Chronicle. In the view of some	some	DET	historians	NOUN	 historians
Likewise, this species has a toxic bite, a unique feature found only in slow lorises among primates. The toxin is produced by licking a brachial gland (a gland by its elbow), and the secretion mixes with its saliva to activate. The toxic bite	bite	NOUN	is	AUX	 is
Robert Florey and Slavko Vorkapić, who met after Florey attended one of Vorkapić's American Society of Cinematographers lectures, are credited as co writers and co directors of The Life and Death of 9413: a Hollywood Extra. Accounts differ as to the level of involvement the	the	DET	two	NUM	 two
Original Sound Version named the concert as the best of the year for 2011 in their year end awards. In his review of the album for the site, Jayson Napolitano said that the arrangements for the concert were " top notch ", and brought attention to works	works	NOUN	by	ADP	 by
A native of Kingston upon Hull, Yorkshire, he began his political career in 1780, eventually becoming the independent Member of Parliament for Yorkshire (1784 – 1812). In 1785, he became an Evangelical Christian, which resulted in major changes to his lifestyle and	and	CCONJ	a	DET	 a
Tidal distortions of the mass donor and the mass gainer are both clearly visible. The wave character of matter can be exploited to build interferometers. The first examples of matter interferometers were electron interferometers, later followed by neutron interferometers. Around 1990 the first atom interferometers were	were	AUX	demonstrated	VERB	 demonstrated
In December 2006 the band released a Christmas charity song, " A Great Big Sled ", which benefited Product Red. This has since become an annual tradition. In February 2007, the Killers attended the BRIT Awards in the United Kingdom, where they performed "	"	PUNCT	When	SCONJ	 When
" The 14th National Congress, in 1992, strengthened CCDI and local CDI investigative powers. According to the amended party constitution, local CDIs could initiate preliminary investigations against members of the local party committee at the CDI's level before a formal investigation began. If a	a	DET	full	ADJ	 full
Along the way, 352.39 miles (567.12 km) of the route lies within the state of Oklahoma. The highway crosses into the state from Texas west of Arnett and serves many towns and cities in the northern part of the state, including Arnett, Seiling,	,	PUNCT	Fairview	PROPN	 Fairview
Batavia became home to the largest Chinese community in the archipelago and remains so in the 21st century. Coen and other early Governors General promoted the entry of Chinese immigrants to new settlements " for the benefit of those places and for the purpose of gathering spices like cloves	cloves	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
In October that year, during Breast Cancer Awareness Month, Powderfinger performed another concert on the steps of the Sydney Opera House. This concert was for invitees only – breast cancer patients, survivors and their families were eligible to attend. Powderfinger performed alongside Silverchair, Missy	Missy	PROPN	Higgins	PROPN	 Higgins
These formations are all primarily made of sandstone, but also contain conglomerate, shale, and siltstone. They were formed during the Devonian, Mississippian and Devonian, and the Mississippian, respectively. The Catskill Formation is mostly found in the lower and middle reaches of the	the	DET	watershed	NOUN	 watershed
The song stayed on the chart for total of 19 weeks. In Europe, the single entered on six national charts. In Austria it debuted at number 52, and after two weeks the song peaked at number 47. It stayed on the chart for total of	of	ADP	seven	NUM	 seven
The Canadian government has often been described as the instigator of multicultural ideology because of its public emphasis on the social importance of immigration. Multiculturalism is administered by the Department of Citizenship and Immigration and reflected in the law through the Canadian Multiculturalism Act and section 27 of the	the	DET	Canadian	PROPN	 Canadian
Thirty four stations offer reserved parking, with customers purchasing permits to park in specified spaces. Three Metrorail stations (Greenbelt, Huntington, and Franconia Springfield) have spaces reserved for multi day parking for up to ten days. Parking fees are paid by SmarTrip card,	,	PUNCT	but	CCONJ	 but
Cartman gets depressed, as he does not have the money. In the meantime, Kyle, Stan and Kenny watch America's Stupidest Home Videos; they hear there's a $10,000 grand prize for the stupidest home video. They decide to enter the competition with	with	ADP	the	DET	 the
" Fatigue from the South African tour affected Hobbs in 1910. He scored 1,982 runs at an average of 33.03, the lowest average of his career apart from his first season. More effective during 1911, after a long rest during the winter, Hobbs was consistently	consistently	ADV	successful	ADJ	 successful
The supercharged version continued until it was discontinued after 2007 for a more economical turbocharged 2.0 L engine producing 260 hp (194 kW; 264 PS) making it the manual only, highest trim Cobalt in the second quarter of 2008 (See timeline). The powertrain	powertrain	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
At 1200 UTC on 28 March, the JTWC classified Glenda with peak winds of 260 km / h (160 mph) about 235 km (145 mi) west north west of Broome, or about 455 km (280 mi) north north east of Port Hedland	Hedland	PROPN	;	PUNCT	;
More recently, the polarization properties of weather radar returns have been analyzed to differentiate between hail and heavy rain. The use of differential reflectivity (<formula>), in combination with horizontal reflectivity (<formula>) has led to a variety of hail classification	classification	NOUN	algorithms	NOUN	 algorithms
He therefore ordered a change of course, almost due west towards Godthaab (now Nuuk), a shorter journey by at least 150 kilometres (93 mi). The rest of the party, according to Nansen, " hailed the change of plan with acclamation "	"	PUNCT	.	PUNCT	.
However, by the early 1990s and the popularity of 16 bit consoles, the scrolling shooter genre was overcrowded, with developers struggling to make their games stand out (one exception being the inventive Gunstar Heroes, by Treasure). A new type of shoot ' em	em	PRON	up	ADP	 up
The next season began badly for Kippax. Playing in a minor match at Parkes (in rural NSW) on a matting wicket, he had his nose broken by a delivery that bounced erratically — it hit a peg accidentally left under the mat when it was laid	laid	VERB	out	ADP	 out
It was released on December 15, 1999 as the final single from... Baby One More Time. " From the Bottom of My Broken Heart " was produced by Eric Foster White. Described by Spears as a " soulful " ballad, it draws influence from teen	teen	ADJ	pop	NOUN	 pop
Hodgson was reportedly uninjured, as Vigneault told media he was kept out of the contest for precautionary measures. Ranking fifth among NHL rookies in scoring by January 2012, he was selected as one of 12 first year players to participate in the NHL All Star Game SuperSkills	SuperSkills	PROPN	Competition	PROPN	 Competition
The signalling system ATC 2 is built for 200 km / h, and could not be adopted for much more than that. The three car units (resp. four car units) can only be separated at a railway workshop, and are never used in anything	anything	PRON	but	CCONJ	 but
He liked stories about " Red Indians " (Native Americans) and the fantasy works by George MacDonald. In addition, the " Fairy Books " of Andrew Lang were particularly important to him and their influence is apparent in some of his later writings. Mabel Tolkien	Tolkien	PROPN	was	AUX	 was
Later, Fletcher was assigned to the Committee on Energy and Commerce and was selected as chairman of the Policy Subcommittee on Health. During the debate over the proposed Patients ' Bill of Rights legislation, Fletcher opposed a Democratic proposal that would have allowed individuals to sue their	their	PRON	health	NOUN	 health
The lowermost contains red ash such as that exposed in the Painted Hills Unit. The layer above it is mainly pea green clay. On top of the pea green layer are buff colored layers. Fossils found in the John Day Strata include a wide variety of plants	plants	NOUN	and	CCONJ	 and
Although the song was originally included on the re release of B ' Day, it was additionally included on compilation albums. In 2007 the song was included on Tyler Perry's Why Did I Get Married? soundtrack. In 2008, Beyoncé released the song on a	a	DET	compilation	NOUN	 compilation
The Emmy board also nominated House for Outstanding Drama Series in 2006, 2007, 2008, and 2009, but the show never won the award. For the season one episode " Three Stories ", David Shore won a writing Emmy in 2005 and the Humanitas Prize	Prize	PROPN	in	ADP	 in
During the 15th century the economy of Southampton improved as a result of the Italian wool trade and the presence of many foreign merchants. The Medieval Merchant's House was acquired by a sequence of established Southampton merchants, but it remained intact as a detached dwelling, unlike	unlike	ADP	many	ADJ	 many
Leaving the pub, Charlie witnesses a woman being accosted by two drunks. He intervenes and is knocked unconscious. He comes to in a seedy nightclub, where the woman he attempted to rescue is revealed to have been the club's drag queen headliner, Lola,	,	PUNCT	who	PRON	 who
Meteorologists predicted that if Hazel merged with the cold front, the storm would not lose intensity, but would instead potentially strengthen. Two Special Weather Bulletins were issued by the Dominion Weather Office, but since it was expected that the storm would pass east of Toronto,	,	PUNCT	few	ADJ	 few
At that point, the prequels were only still a series of basic ideas partially pulled from his original drafts of " The Star Wars ". Nevertheless, technical advances in the late 1980s and 1990s continued to fascinate Lucas, and he considered that they might make it	it	PRON	possible	ADJ	 possible
ASI maintain an archaeological museum at the Deogarh site, which is noted for its treasured archaeological sculptures. " Deogarh " derives from the Sanskrit Deo and garh, " God " and " fort ", compounded to mean " fort of the Gods ". This term	term	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
It achieved the number one spot in its first week, earning £2.5 million ($4.6 million) while playing on 397 screens. The film stayed at the top for two more weeks, earning by then a total of over £9 million at the UK	UK	PROPN	box	NOUN	 box
October 2012 saw Hudema in Victoria where he helped craft another mass action this time against tar sands pipelines namely Enbridge Northern Gateway and Kindermorgan TransCanada. The action saw thousands descend on the BC legislature building many willing to risk arrest to stop the pipelines. Hudema has been	been	AUX	given	VERB	 given
A majority of the Privy Council moved out of the Tower before switching their allegiance. Becoming aware of his colleagues ' change of mind, Jane's father, the Duke of Suffolk, abandoned his command over the fortress and proclaimed Mary I on nearby Tower Hill.	.	PUNCT	After	SCONJ	 After
Cooper attended Central Grade School in Helena. In the summer of 1909, Alice, wanting her sons to have an English education, accompanied them to England and enrolled them in Dunstable Grammar School in Bedfordshire, where Cooper was educated from 1910 to 1912. At Dunstable	Dunstable	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
About four hours later, the National Hurricane Center discontinued advisories on Danielle. However, the storm did not dissipate until 1200 UTC on September 7, while located near Del Rio, Texas. The remnants of the storm continued westward for the next two days. As	As	SCONJ	the	DET	 the
Philadelphia's season record was worse than the previous season's franchise low record, and finished in last place again with a 36 – 117 record. The Athletics ' winning percentage (.235) is the franchise's worst winning percentage (through 2012 season). In	In	ADP	1917	NUM	 1917
March 2, 2014 - During the 86th Academy Awards, Ellen DeGeneres posted a selfie of herself and other celebrities as seen on the telecast, which shut down Twitter for more than 20 minutes. Twitter messages are public, but users can also send private messages.	.	PUNCT	Information	NOUN	 Information
They were one of the few tribes that actively used the practice of gelding inferior male horses and trading away poorer stock to remove unsuitable animals from the gene pool, and thus were notable as horse breeders by the early 19th century. Early Nez Perce horses were considered	considered	VERB	to	PART	 to
The story begins in Africa where a dentist bribes miners to smuggle diamonds in their mouths; he extracts the gems during routine appointments. From there, the dentist takes the diamonds to a rendezvous with a German helicopter pilot. Eventually the diamonds go to Paris and then	then	ADV	on	ADP	 on
IGN on the other hand noted that " the pacing can be somewhat off ", and " some things feel repurposed or unaffected from previous games ", while praising the game as an " evolution of the RPG series, and an instant classic ". It also	also	ADV	noted	VERB	 noted
The foundations of a textile industry in Neilston were laid by the monks of Paisley Abbey who mastered the local woollen trade in the Middle Ages. Neilston became a centre for cotton and calico bleaching and printing in the 18th century. This developed into a spinning and dying	dying	VERB	industry	NOUN	 industry
For instance, using a binary heap as a priority queue in selection sort leads to the heap sort algorithm, a comparison sorting algorithm that takes O (n log n) time. Instead, using selection sort with a bucket queue gives a form of pigeonhole sort	sort	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
Hence rubber collection was a labour intensive process which made it unpopular with the villagers. Indeed, they preferred the Manyema to the Free State authorities as the Manyema only took low bulk, high value items such as ivory or slaves because of the long distances from their	their	PRON	homeland	NOUN	 homeland
On January 14, 1780, the regiment participated in a " commando " raid of Staten Island planned in secrecy by General Washington and led by Lord Stirling. The object of the raid was a surprise attack on the enemy at the Watering Place Redoubts and to secure	secure	VERB	provisions	NOUN	 provisions
The second season garnered more favorable feedback, with Virginia Heffnernan of The New York Times opining that Conrad " now registers as charm ". After the falling out between Conrad and Montag in the third season, Heffernan also commented that The Hills " is more convincing than	than	ADP	Friends	PROPN	 Friends
The site's historic and cultural significance was recognized in 2001 when UNESCO declared it a World Heritage Site, the only one in the cultural category in Madagascar. He became an independent king upon his father's death and the resulting partition of the Kingdom of Imerina in	in	ADP	1710	NUM	 1710
Despite this lethargy she managed to publish a second edition of Percy Shelley's prose and began working on another edition of his poetry. Sir Timothy Shelley gave his grandson Percy Florence an increase in his allowance for his twenty first birthday, allowing Mary Shelley and Percy Florence	Florence	PROPN	to	PART	 to
Following her rendition of " I Wanna Be Where You Are ", Beyoncé begins a medley of past Destiny's Child songs, stopping each track to discuss her life and mindset during each stage of her career. During her performance of " Independent Women " she reveals	reveals	VERB	how	SCONJ	 how
Dukakis, who disowned any knowledge of the Kinnock video, fired John Sasso, his campaign manager and long time Chief of Staff, but Biden's campaign could not recover. As a part of the Kinnock controversy, it was revealed that Biden had been involved in	in	ADP	a	DET	 a
Otherwise, he says, " I shall remain with thee in the company of death ". He departs, and the chorus resumes its lament. Orfeo is guided by Speranza to the gates of Hades. Having pointed out the words inscribed on the gate ("	"	PUNCT	Abandon	PROPN	 Abandon
Republicans quickly discovered the court packing provision and targeted the bill. Democrats had overwhelming super majorities in Congress, and passage of the bill at first seemed assured. Minton's support of the bill helped him earn the position of Senate majority whip, allowing him to more	more	ADV	effectively	ADV	 effectively
Under McClellan, Ewing commanded a regiment and then a brigade in the Kanawha Division in the IX Corps. In the Battle of South Mountain, he led the assault which drove the enemy from the summit; and at midnight of that day, he received an order	order	NOUN	placing	VERB	 placing
In his later political career, he became known for wearing a bright red vest and tie. He adopted this dress during his term as vice president when he and James Reeside, a mail contractor known for his drab dress, passed a tailor's shop that displayed	displayed	VERB	a	DET	 a
The fur is short, dense and soft in Transandinomys talamancae; in T. bolivaris, it is longer and even more soft and dense. The color of the upperparts varies from reddish to brownish, becoming lighter towards the sides and the cheeks. The underparts are white	white	ADJ	to	ADP	 to
As a result, more than 1,400 assets (included churches, schools, residential buildings, hospitals, summer camps, cemeteries, and orphanages) of the Istanbul Armenian community since 1936 were retrospectively classified as illegal acquisitions and seized by the state. Under the legislation,	,	PUNCT	the	DET	 the
Its origins date to 1908, when Sleaford Council School opened at Church Lane to meet the growing demand for elementary education in the town. After the Education Act 1944, the senior department became a secondary modern. A second school building was constructed at Westholme in the	the	DET	1950s	NOUN	 1950s
The next day, Julie professes her love for Karina by wishing that she was actually a boy, causing Stewie, as Karina, to come on to her. Julie insists that she is not a lesbian, so Stewie decides to unveil his true identity to the	the	DET	entire	ADJ	 entire
He is best known for his association with the period performance orchestra The English Concert which he helped found and directed from the keyboard for over 30 years in baroque and early classical music. He is a former artistic director of Canada's National Arts Centre Orchestra and founded	founded	VERB	The	DET	 The
Aja Romano of The Daily Dot hailed the song as Hercules ' highlight that " satisfies us every time ". Writing for Indiewire, Greg Ehbar cited " I Won't Say (I'm in Love) " as his favorite, describing the song as one of	of	ADP	the	DET	 the
In The New Yorker, Penelope Gilliatt said it was " some kind of great film, and an unforgettable endeavor... The film is hypnotically entertaining, and it is funny without once being gaggy, but it is also rather harrowing. " Charles Champlin of the Los	Los	PROPN	Angeles	PROPN	 Angeles
" He praised the visuals and Liam Neeson's performance, and said the duel between Darth Maul and the Jedi was " the saga's very best lightsaber battle ". Empire magazine ranked The Phantom Menace on its list of " 500 Greatest Movies Of All Time "	"	PUNCT	,	PUNCT	,
His only consolation in this period was the birth of his daughter Galina in 1936; his son Maxim was born two years later. The publication of the Pravda editorials coincided with the composition of Shostakovich's Fourth Symphony. The work marked a great shift in style for	for	ADP	the	DET	 the
These included exhibitions titled Passage, at Kyoto Seika University in Japan in 1994, and Fragile Objects at the National Library of Australia in 1996. Mellor's works have been included in the National Aboriginal & Torres Strait Islander Art Award on several occasions, in 2000,	,	PUNCT	2001	NUM	 2001
Furthermore, the absence of the legal discussion and the binding quality of words from the moralitas suggests to Farber that the " intricate legal framework … has no impact whatsoever in resolving the issues with which it is supposed to deal ". In contrast, Philippa M. Bright	Bright	PROPN	considers	VERB	 considers
At the age of nine, his football career was put on hold after he received over 50 stitches in one of his legs following a swimming accident. After the injury healed, Valbuena returned to football and quickly impressed club coaches. In 1998, he was given	given	VERB	a	DET	 a
It peaked at number one on the United States Billboard Hot 100 on July 2, 1988, after nine weeks on the chart. " Dirty Diana " was the album's fifth consecutive single to peak at number one on the Hot 100. Internationally, " Dirty	Dirty	ADJ	Diana	PROPN	 Diana
Tony leaves with them, and Jim puts on Tony's prop crown, imagining himself in the leading role. Act 2 Before the understudy rehearsal, Jim's fiancée Laura (the understudy for Lady Macbeth) helps him learn lines in Tony's dressing room. Company	Company	NOUN	manager	NOUN	 manager
Scanlan aimed to represent the creature's genetic lineage, beginning with Shaw and Holloway who produce the Trilobite which impregnates the Engineer, in its design. However, they focused on making the creature feminine, and said that " it was born of a female before being	being	AUX	born	VERB	 born
In 2008, USA Today named the island one of the " 10 great places to get your feet back on the ground " as a car free destination, highlighting the unique status of M 185 in the process. The magazine Paraplegia News, in an article encouraging	encouraging	VERB	its	PRON	 its
Smith explained that the 3D technology allowed the team to " [choose] a path for [Bart] that he may not be able to achieve in the 2D composite world ". Entity FX used Autodesk Maya and Adobe After Effects to create the 3D stream that	that	PRON	follows	VERB	 follows
Texas has a large commercial fishing industry. With mineral resources, Texas leads in creating cement, crushed stone, lime, salt, sand and gravel. Texas throughout the 21st century has been hammered by drought. This has cost the state billions of dollars in livestock	livestock	NOUN	and	CCONJ	 and
The A.V. Club critic Hayden Childs wrote that the " best thing about the 500th Simpsons episode is the opening couch montage, which hits the nostalgia bullseye almost perfectly. " HitFix's Alan Sepinwall praised the couch gag as being " marvelous ", noting that it "	"	PUNCT	actually	ADV	 actually
It is estimated that a tropical depression developed at 1200 UTC on that day. The depression headed north northwestward and did not strengthen. By early on September 21, the depression made landfall between Panama City and Port St. Joe, Florida. It degenerated into a remnant	remnant	ADJ	low	ADJ	 low
He led the Brewers in batting average and slugging percentage, and was second behind Fielder in home runs, runs (91), and RBIs (97), tied for second in triples (6), and third in OBP (.370) and steals (	(	PUNCT	15	NUM	15
As a result, the Heimatflotte was renamed the Hochseeflotte (High Seas Fleet). In 1908, Kaiser Friedrich III was taken into drydock for an extensive modernization, which lasted until 1909. Four of her 15 cm guns were removed, though two 8.8 cm guns	guns	NOUN	were	AUX	 were
Quartermaster John Howard recalled that Steuart performed " seventeen double somersaults " all the while whistling Maryland, My Maryland. Such celebrations would prove short lived, as Steuart's brigade was soon to be severely damaged at the Battle of Gettysburg (July 1 – 3, 1863	1863	NUM	)	PUNCT	)
In 1911, the partnership of Coghlan, Welsh and Tancred ended when Tancred died. Around the same time, Coghlan, who was representing a mining company, encountered Ernest Guest in opposition in a case in the court of the Mining Commissioner, who judged in favour	favour	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
Ibuprofen can negate the antiplatelet effect of aspirin used for cardioprotection and stroke prevention. The pharmacological activity of spironolactone may be reduced by taking aspirin, and it is known to compete with penicillin G for renal tubular secretion. Aspirin may also inhibit the absorption of vitamin C.	C.	PROPN	Aspirin	PROPN	 Aspirin
" For Ecstasy, he commended her " hard working ethic " in many songs, highlighting the song and concluded that, " All of this reveals a desperate need to achieve success no matter what, but also the humanity of the effort underpinning it. " Greenberg	Greenberg	PROPN	commended	VERB	 commended
Pierce heard a dog barking outside and looked up to see a small band of Native Americans creeping along the river's edge. He immediately sounded the alarm and Hays and Goss sprinted for the blockhouse. Gunshots started to explode behind the men as they approached the protection	protection	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
2: 1952 – 1958; and The Definitive Collection. Marshall Chess arranged for Waters to remake the song using psychedelic rock style instrumentation for the 1968 album Electric Mud, which was an attempt to reach a new audience. In 1972, Waters recorded an " unplugged	unplugged	ADJ	"	PUNCT	 "
Production I.G created the anime cutscenes, while Shirogumi Ltd created CGI cutscenes for a separate edition of the game. The CGI cutscenes were worked on by a three person team, including company director Manabu Koike: the three worked closely with the development team to make sure	sure	ADJ	the	DET	 the
She begins to say something but Jim kisses her, and after hesitating, she returns the kiss. The two stare at each other in silence as the episode ends. " Casino Night " was the first episode of the series written by Steve Carell. Initially,	,	PUNCT	Carell	PROPN	 Carell
In 1350 Algirdas contracted a second marriage with Uliana of Tver; he chose their son Jogaila as the next Grand Duke. In 1385 Jogaila opened a new chapter in the history of Lithuania by converting the country to Christianity and signing a personal union with Poland, becoming	becoming	VERB	King	PROPN	 King
Under maritime law, ships fall under the jurisdiction of the admiralty courts of their flag country. As Fitzgerald was sailing under the U.S. flag, even though she sank in foreign (Canadian) waters, she was subject to U.S. admiralty law. With a value of	of	ADP	$	SYM	 $
Mac loses her virginity to Bronson in the episode. However, the writers had initially planned a storyline in which Mac would be taken advantage of by a professor due to her fragile emotional state following her romance with Beaver (Kyle Gallner). However, the storyline	storyline	NOUN	was	AUX	 was
In 1935 American designer Claire McCardell cut out the side panels of a maillot style bathing suit, the bikini's forerunner. The 1938 invention of the Telescopic Watersuit in shirred elastic cotton ushered into the end the era of wool. Cotton sun tops, printed with palm	palm	NOUN	trees	NOUN	 trees
The Calverts intended the colony as a haven for Catholics fleeing England and as a source of income for themselves and their descendants. Many of Maryland's first settlers were Catholic, including at least two Catholic priests, one of whom became the earliest chronicler of the colony	colony	NOUN	's	PART	's
This was also perhaps the first feature film anywhere to significantly explore the artistic possibilities of joining the motion picture with recorded sound. As described by scholar William Moritz, the movie is " intricate, dynamic, fast paced... juxtapos [ing] similar cultural habits from	from	ADP	countries	NOUN	 countries
Winters in the area are temperate with typical January highs above 60° F (16° C) and lows near 50° F (10° C). Snowfall is generally rare; however, 15.4 in (39.1 cm) of snow fell in February 1895	1895	NUM	,	PUNCT	,
In fact, if two nonnegative numbers a and b are of different orders of magnitude, then their sum is approximately equal to their maximum. This approximation is extremely useful in the applications of mathematics, for example in truncating Taylor series. However, it presents a	a	DET	perpetual	ADJ	 perpetual
In September 1941, as the strategic situation in the Pacific worsened, the battalion was " called up " to provide full time service for the duration of the war. As a result of this, the battalion was brought up to its full strength of 910 personnel	personnel	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
Although the exact nature of his business with the pope is unknown, it was likely connected with the issue that arose between the archbishop and Coenwulf over lay control of monasteries. He was accompanied by the bishop of Sherborne, Wigberht. Laymen controlling monasteries had been customary	customary	ADJ	for	ADP	 for
This surpassed industry expectations of a $45 million opening, following the disappointing response to the 2003 film. Universal believed word of mouth would contribute to the film breaking even eventually. It also opened in thirty eight other countries, adding $31 million to the total	total	ADJ	opening	NOUN	 opening
A spur route, located completely in Mukilteo, was added to SR 525 in 2001 along the route of the four lane Paine Field Boulevard, connecting the main highway to SR 526. SR 525 has a 0.86 mile long (1.38 km) spur route on Paine	Paine	PROPN	Field	PROPN	 Field
The weight of soil on the remainder of the lid snapped the wood, enabling the robbers to hoist the body out. The corpse was then stripped of its clothing, tied up, and placed into a sack. The entire process could be completed within 30 minutes	minutes	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
One British major wrote that " [t] he report circulated by those in power is that it was thought necessary to march to Hilsborough [sic] to offer Washington battle. " Americans like Henry Knox were perplexed but also concluded that was its purpose: "	"	PUNCT	It	PRON	 It
Spacey was able to acquire the film rights from Warner Bros. in early 2000. With the help of Dodd Darin, the actor also received exclusive music rights for no charge. With his Academy Award winning performance in American Beauty (1999), Paramount Pictures became interested	interested	ADJ	in	ADP	 in
For Final Fantasy XI from 2002, he was joined by Naoshi Mizuta, who composed the majority of the soundtrack, and Kumi Tanioka; Uematsu was responsible for only eleven tracks. In 2003, he assisted Hitoshi Sakimoto in scoring Final Fantasy Tactics Advance by providing the	the	DET	main	ADJ	 main
Most of the names were based on " Southern puns ", and it took Chun a while to think of all the names. All of the props, cards, and box were designed by the series ' prop department. The producers tried to market the game	game	NOUN	as	ADP	 as
JCRs and MCRs each have a committee, with a president and other elected students representing their peers to college authorities. Additionally, they organise events and often have significant budgets to spend as they wish (money coming from their colleges and sometimes other sources such as student	student	NOUN	run	NOUN	 run
For 15 years, the Brigade served as the principal construction brigade for the United States Army, Europe and 7th Army. During this period, the Brigade performed numerous construction, rehabilitation and renovation missions in military communities and training areas of the 7th Army. These included	included	VERB	an	DET	 an
The regiment, whose personnel are commonly known as " paras ", specialises in parachute and other types of airborne insertion, and has close ties to the SAS, providing more of its personnel than any other regiment. On 25 August 2000, a patrol from 1	1	NUM	R	NOUN	 R
During the Second Five Year Plan industry grew just 0.1 percent. The 6th Plenum of the Central Committee criticised the policy that the state had to own everything. Before the 5th Central Committee Plenum, Lê Duẩn believed that Vietnam was in a perilous position, although no	no	DET	talk	NOUN	 talk
Italy's Idem, who was competing in her 20th world championships, stated that she was just as "... nervous when... [she]... was a 13 year old girl (1977) and... [she was]... the same today. " Germany	Germany	PROPN	's	PART	's
Smith hit one ball past Barnes, narrowly missing his head, but the Australian vowed to continue standing in close proximity. In the next over, Smith drove a full ball from Toshack directly into Barnes's foot, who managed to hide any pain despite the ball	ball	NOUN	having	VERB	 having
The strong rotating winds of a tropical cyclone are a result of the conservation of angular momentum imparted by the Earth's rotation as air flows inwards toward the axis of rotation. As a result, they rarely form within 5° of the equator. Tropical cyclones are	are	AUX	typically	ADV	 typically
Josephine frequently griped about Wyatt ’ s lack of work and financial success and even his character and personality. Wyatt would often go on long walks to get away from her. He was furious about her gambling habit, during which she lost considerable sums of money.	.	PUNCT	Each	PRON	 Each
The middle was much higher than the rest, and the wall of the front was adorned with beams, resting upon pillars, that were interwoven into it, and that front was all of polished stone... A basilica with four rows of columns running lengthwise, each	each	PRON	made	VERB	 made
" In 2007, a scene from the episode was highlighted in the scientific journal Nature. On the last day of summer vacation, Lisa brings the family to the museum to see a weaving exhibit as her summer activity, but they quickly discover that it has been	been	AUX	canceled	VERB	 canceled
Thus, the term " Lakeshore East " refers only to the components of the new master plan, while the term New Eastside refers to the greater neighborhood surrounding Lakeshore East that extends westward to Michigan Avenue. However, there is little distinction between buildings in the masterplan	masterplan	PROPN	and	CCONJ	 and
Development began in September 2014, when Kasbekar signed Madhvani and Kapoor for a film to be made by Bling Unplugged and Fox Star Studios. Saiwyn Quadras and Sanyuktha Chawla worked on the script, with principal photography taking place in Mumbai. The film features music by Vishal	Vishal	PROPN	Khurana	PROPN	 Khurana
Standardized procedures have been developed which provide an acceptable level of risk in the circumstances for which they are appropriate. Different sets of procedures are used by commercial, military, scientific and recreational divers, though there is considerable overlap where similar equipment is used, and some	some	DET	concepts	NOUN	 concepts
British press for the film was positive; Kim Newman of Monthly Film Bulletin, Richard Cook of NME, and Julian Petley of Film and Filming all gave the film good reviews during its early release. Petley and Cook compared the film to other contemporary horror films,	,	PUNCT	writing	VERB	 writing
Throughout her run on Charmed, Billie Jenkins received primarily negative critical feedback. A writer for the DVD review website CurrentFilm.com said Cuoco was a " good addition to the cast ". Sheldon Wiebe of the entertainment website Eclipsemagazine.com praised the Billie and Christy storyline for its "	"	PUNCT	dark	ADJ	 dark
The TV Critic gave the episode a rating of 63 / 100, saying that its " good intrigue from the writers because we want to know more about Kate and what she did ", while also stating that the " lack of action may affect some who are	are	AUX	hooked	VERB	 hooked
The song was certified sextuple platinum by the Recording Industry Association of America (RIAA). Despite not being released as singles, " Title " and " Dear Future Husband " managed to appear on several national charts, fueled by strong digital sales of the EP.	.	PUNCT	The	DET	 The
Acting as Norwegian president in the Nordic press partnership, he attended the press meetings in Kristiania in 1899 and in Copenhagen in 1902. He was also delegated to the international press congresses in Stockholm (1897), Rome (1899) and Berlin (1909).	.	PUNCT	He	PRON	 He
The film was shot over 30 days in Baltimore, Maryland and Trenton, New Jersey. Rocket Science premiered on January 19, 2007 at the Sundance Film Festival and was theatrically released on August 10. It was not a financial success, earning only US $756,000	756,000	NUM	from	ADP	 from
Once a piñata species has successfully romanced, the player can use a candy shortcut to bypass their original romance requirements. The player can hatch the egg or send it to another player over Xbox Live. The game's antagonists include the " Ruffians " led by Professor	Professor	PROPN	Pester	PROPN	 Pester
The remake earned even more critical praise than the original. Bill Janovitz of Allmusic said of the 1976 recording that it " accent [ed] the languid, plaintive and wistful country melancholy of the song, " while in the 1979 Rolling Stone Record Guide, critic	critic	NOUN	Stephen	PROPN	 Stephen
The merger was finalised on 3 October 1977 and the New LM was absorbed into the Democrats. Meanwhile, the interstate branches of the LM, which had been in existence for only six months, either disbanded in 1976, or eventually evolved and merged into state components	components	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
After this, the road passes to the north of Nanuet, crossing under New Jersey Transit / Metro North Railroad's Pascack Valley Line. The freeway crosses under NY 304 before the cloverleaf interchange with the Palisades Interstate Parkway. As the Thruway continues into West Nyack,	,	PUNCT	it	PRON	 it
Edward Newton noted that he had expected the male would be adorned with a red patch on the wing, but that the absence of this indicated it was immature. He still found it more beautiful than the female. These two specimens are the only preserved individuals of	of	ADP	the	DET	 the
Martin did not appear in the 1944 World Series, playing his final major league game on October 1, 1944. In a 13 year major league career, Martin played in 1,189 games, accumulating 1,227 hits in 4,117 at bats for a.298 career batting average along with	with	ADP	a.443	NOUN	 a.443
" In 1781, the astronomer William Herschel was searching the sky for elusive stellar parallaxes, when he observed what he termed a comet in the constellation of Taurus. Unlike stars, which remained mere points of light even under high magnification, this object's size increased	increased	VERB	in	ADP	 in
Johansson began dating Canadian actor Ryan Reynolds in 2007, and in May 2008, it was reported that they were engaged. On September 27, 2008, the couple married in a quiet ceremony near Tofino, British Columbia. They purchased a $2.8 million home together	together	ADV	near	ADP	 near
The house used as Baskerville Hall for a version of The Hound of the Baskervilles filmed in 2000 for Canadian television. In May – June 2014 the house was used as one of the locations for the BBC's adaption of Hilary Mantel novel Wolf Hall In 1975 London	London	PROPN	's	PART	's
" In mid October, the Nixon campaign unveiled an advertisement which foreshadowed his run for Senate four years later. After stating that Nixon, at the South Pasadena debate, confronted the congressman with " a photostatic copy of his endorsement by the communist dominated PAC ",	,	PUNCT	the	DET	 the
First, it might be justified directly, with reference to the interests of animals. This relies upon the fact that wild animals require their territory in order to satisfy their basic needs and the claim that this results in an interest in territory strong enough to ground a	a	DET	right	NOUN	 right
As an adult she was adopted into the Saigō clan, so she was permitted to use the surname. Later, when she was named first consort of Tokugawa Ieyasu, the title " tsubone " (pronounced [tsu ͍ bone]) was appended to the surname	surname	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
A report was produced, which formed the basis for the Deeping Fen Act of 1801. The channel of the Welland above Spalding was made deeper, the north bank was made stronger, and the North and South Drove Drains which crossed the fen to join Vernatt's	's	PART	Drain	PROPN	 Drain
In 2015, Bush had several speaking arrangements on issues relating to her husband's presidency. In April 2015, Bush reputed Rand Paul's isolationist stance on U.S. foreign aid, calling the view " not really realistic " and asserting the United States should save lives whenever	whenever	SCONJ	it	PRON	 it
Scelidosaurus was quadrupedal, with the hindlimbs longer than the forelimbs. It may have reared up on its hind legs to browse on foliage from trees, but its arms were relatively long, indicating a mostly quadrupedal posture. The head of Scelidosaurus was small, about twenty	twenty	NUM	centimetres	NOUN	 centimetres
Traditionally, the writing of the gospels has been attributed to four evangelists with close ties to Jesus: Mark was written by John Mark, an associate of Peter; Matthew was written by one of Jesus ' disciples; Luke was written by a companion of Paul,	,	PUNCT	someone	PRON	 someone
All of them ranked as only F0 on the Fujita scale. The worst twister occurred in Indian River County, damaging 133 buildings, most of which were mobile homes. Throughout the state, two indirect fatalities were reported and losses reached approximately $91.54 million. Despite	Despite	SCONJ	the	DET	 the
It is common for Cincinnatians to describe it starting with, " Well, it's not really chili... " Cincinnati chili is always seasoned with cinnamon, usually contains allspice and cloves, and often contains some combination of cumin, paprika, nutmeg, and / or	or	CCONJ	chili	ADJ	 chili
Although Fanny and William now had two children, Fanny refused to conform to the socially accepted role of a wife and mother, and instead became an author and adventurer. She lived a vigorous life that diverged from idealized femininity in the 1800s. As a feminist,	,	PUNCT	Fanny	PROPN	 Fanny
The frustration of my own muscles by things, and the alarming superiority of machinery started the notion of a man who would be invincible. I gave him a name and planned random deeds for him. I let him tear down Brooklyn Bridge and lift a locomotive.	.	PUNCT	Then	ADV	 Then
Further attempts by the British to advance were easily stopped by the Germans and at 4: 10 p.m. a German counter attack from the east was dispersed by British artillery. The British attack failed to gain much ground but the German 25th Division suffered so many casualties that	that	SCONJ	it	PRON	 it
In one action on 4 December, Little and Goble " fought like mad " against a large formation of German fighters, each claiming a Halberstadt; Little did not return to base with Goble and was thought lost, but had only landed near Allied lines to clear	clear	VERB	his	PRON	 his
However, the Americans suffered significant casualties during their ' invasion ' – 313 men died as a result of accidents, with many dying due to accidental fire. Of the total 313 dead, 70 died when the destroyer USS Abner Read struck a mine, while at	at	ADV	least	ADJ	 least
After beginning a dive bombing run and getting hit, he entered into a controlled dive and destroyed a Chinese gun emplacement on Sniper Ridge that was harassing United Nations troops. Limestone Air Force Base was renamed in his honor. Designations of Loring Air Force Base: Limestone	Limestone	PROPN	Army	PROPN	 Army
The group went on a subsequent tour with labelmates Guns N ' Roses (who have cited Aerosmith as a major influence), which was intense at times because of Aerosmith's new struggle to stay clean amidst Guns N ' Roses ' well publicized, rampant drug use	use	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
Cracker Barrel has also formed a partnership with the Wounded Warrior Project, a charity for injured veterans. In attempts to rebuild its image after several race related controversies, the firm has provided a scholarship through the National Black MBA Association, and job skills programs and sponsorships	sponsorships	NOUN	with	ADP	 with
According to Billboard magazine, Jive's mother company Sony BMG offered 71 distinct products to tie in with FutureSex / LoveSounds. This was an attempt at finding solutions to declining sales in physical albums, and Timberlake's album was among those offered in various configurations and versions	versions	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
Only the aisless choir and tall square tower survive. Its detailing derives from work on a church at Wharram le Street in England and it may have been carried out by the same Yorkshire masons. The first monastic establishment built in the Romanesque style was Dunfermline Abbey,	,	PUNCT	begun	VERB	 begun
The neuter suffix -ium is used in Latin placenames, particularly those representing Common Brittonic -ion (a genitive suffix denoting " place or city of ~ "). The Welsh name for Manchester is Manceinion and presumably derives from the original Brittonic form. Although there is no	no	DET	evidence	NOUN	 evidence
The ground breaking was held on December 19, 2008. ONEOK bought the naming rights for 10 million for the next 25 years. The first game at ONEOK Field was held on April 8, 2010. Country music star Tim McGraw threw out the first pitch.	.	PUNCT	The	DET	 The
Mills Library houses the humanities and social sciences collections, with a wide range of print and digital resources. Innis Library houses content which supports the academic and research interests of the DeGroote School of Business. Thode Library houses academic material of various disciplines of science and engineering	engineering	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
Bulgaria is home to the highest point of the Balkan peninsula, Musala, at 2,925 metres (9,596 ft) and its lowest point is sea level. Plains occupy about one third of the territory, while plateaus and hills occupy 41 per cent. The country has	has	VERB	a	DET	 a
Sentenced to 11 years in prison after pleading no contest to one count of murder in 2000, Hurwitz was released in 2008 after serving between 7 and 8 years. Meanwhile, to settle a civil wrongful death suit filed against him by Moreau's parents, Hurwitz in	in	ADP	2001	NUM	 2001
Al Kooper recalled that both the album title, Blonde on Blonde, and song titles arrived during the mixing sessions. " When they were mixing it, we were sitting around and Bob Johnston came in and said, ' What do you want to call this?	?	PUNCT	'	PUNCT	 '
Further evidence of this comes from a British explorer, Thomas Forrest, who in the 1770s wrote Filipinos were “ fond of musical gongs which came from Cheribon on Java and have round knobs on them. ” The agung is usually performed while standing beside the instrument,	,	PUNCT	holding	VERB	 holding
The Keates brothers suggested Yagan remain with them to avoid arrest. While he was staying with them during the morning, the brothers decided to kill the warrior and claim the reward. When the natives were ready to depart, the Keates took their last opportunity. William	William	PROPN	Keates	PROPN	 Keates
After a " fierce bidding war ", on April 5, 2005, it was announced that Spears had signed a deal with UPN to air a reality television series documenting her relationship with Federline. The series, which would air in five episodes, was revealed to	to	PART	chronicle	VERB	 chronicle
Shooting took nine months, which included three months for the chariot race scene alone. Principal photography ended on January 7, 1959, with filming of the crucifixion scene, which took four days to shoot. Italy was MGM's top choice for hosting the production.	.	PUNCT	However	ADV	 However
In the epilogue, Akane becomes the de facto leader of Unit One; she is seen briefing a newly recruited Inspector in the finale of season one. Akane returns as the leading character from Psycho Pass 2 working with Inspector Mika Shimotsuki to arrest a criminal named Kirito	Kirito	PROPN	Kamui	PROPN	 Kamui
It is also the largest tributary of the Danube by discharge. The river course is sometimes used to describe the northern boundary of the Balkans, and the southern border of the Central Europe. Before the breakup of Yugoslavia in 1991, the river was located completely inside	inside	ADP	Yugoslav	ADJ	 Yugoslav
Gandhi therefore withdrew her support, forcing Singh to resign. His government lasted 24 days and he never faced Parliament. The convention of appointing a Prime Minister in a hung House but with conditions on time to prove majority was later adopted by President R Venkataraman. Following	Following	VERB	Charan	PROPN	 Charan
The extension is slightly narrower than the rest of the building, and also has a projecting portico. The building has two storeys and a basement; the stonework of the basement and lower storey is rusticated. The south face, overlooking Castle Street, has nine bays	bays	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
Frost pitched his smaller design both as a prototype of a vehicle suitable for the Army's needs, as well as an aerodynamic testbed for the WS 606. Initial performance requirements for the Avrocar were a ten minute hover capability in ground effect and 25 mile (40	40	NUM	km	NOUN	 km
In a series of withdrawals made necessary by the lightning advance of German forces, it was pushed back all the way to the port of Kalamata, where it was evacuated a couple of weeks later on 27 April 1941. The battalion lost 21 men killed, 26	26	NUM	wounded	VERB	 wounded
Aldrin stated that he did so with the objective of facilitating re docking with the CM should an abort become necessary, not realizing that it would cause the overflow condition. When Armstrong noticed they were heading towards a landing area which he believed was unsafe, he took	took	VERB	over	ADP	 over
He then cited eight instances of the Government's alleged non compliance with the rule of law, including detention without trial under, inter alia, the ISA and the Criminal Law (Temporary Provisions) Act (" CLTPA "); denial of the right of arrested	arrested	VERB	persons	NOUN	 persons
Following the campaign in France, Kesselring's Luftflotte 2 was committed to the Battle of Britain. Luftflotte 2 was initially responsible for the bombing of southeastern England and the London area but as the battle progressed, command responsibility shifted, with Generalfeldmarschall Hugo Sperrle's Luftflotte 3	3	NUM	taking	VERB	 taking
A third of the two hundred and fifty two Eastern Han government officials who had biographies in the Book of Later Han were sons or grandsons of officials, while a fifth came from prominent provincial families or had ancestors who had served as officials. For forty six of	of	ADP	the	DET	 the
Early observers noted that the animal was typically shy and secretive, with awareness of the presence of humans and generally avoiding contact, though it occasionally showed inquisitive traits. At the time, much stigma existed in regard to its " fierce " nature, however this is	is	AUX	likely	ADJ	 likely
Upon returning, Mario encounters Mallow, a " tadpole " who has lost a frog coin to Croco, a local thief. Mario agrees to help him, but when they return to the castle, he finds that the kingdom is overrun by creatures from the Smithy	Smithy	PROPN	Gang	PROPN	 Gang
Since it ensures that each statement is expressed from seven different conditional and relative viewpoints or propositions, syādvāda is known as saptibhaṅgīnāya or " the theory of seven conditioned predications ". These saptibhaṅgī are: syād asti — in some ways, it is, syān nāsti —	—	PUNCT	in	ADP	 in
Dogs may develop less serious effects such as gastrointestinal problems and central nervous system depression. Most Fritillaria (e.g. Fritillaria imperialis, Fritillaria meleagris) bulbs contain poisonous neurotoxic alkaloids such as imperialin (peiminine), which may be deadly if ingested in quantity, while other species	species	NOUN	such	ADJ	 such
It surpassed Spielberg's own E.T. the Extraterrestrial as the highest grossing film ever worldwide, and became second to E.T. in North America earnings. Jurassic Park's record was only surpassed in 1998 by Titanic, the first film to gross over $1 billion. The 3D	3D	NOUN	re	ADP	 re
The general nesting habitat of long billed thrashers is amongst dense vegetation with spiny shrubs and trees in order to make the nest inaccessible to potential predators. Nests have also been found in plants such as willows, mesquite, huisache, cacti, or yucca. The nest	nest	NOUN	is	AUX	 is
This release replaced the two track release and remained in the Columbia catalog for a few years. Some tracks are available on other reel tapes issued current at the time of or following the original release of the album, as by Various Artists. None issued were at	at	ADP	the	DET	 the
John Wesley preached in the building, before his break with the Anglican Church. Upon his return in 1747 however he preached in the open, at Salford Cross. The chapel was rebuilt in about 1752 – 53, although the tower probably belonged to the original building	building	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
They killed many, destroyed a number of American armored units and vehicles, and took several dozen prisoners, who were later executed by elements of his force. Based on the noise to the northeast, Peiper decided that the 12th SS Panzer Division Hitlerjugend was encountering more	more	ADJ	resistance	NOUN	 resistance
Game Players magazine applauded the game's " large, colorful graphics and easy to learn controls ". Reviewers have praised Super Punch Out!! for its other unique features and for its rewarding difficulty. Game Informer magazine praised the game for its time attack mode,	,	PUNCT	which	PRON	 which
After making love in their flat, Stevie's boyfriend Olly Manthrope Hall (Joshua McGuire) ends his relationship with Stevie and moves out. He leaves her in the middle of Albert Square with some flyers he printed so she can find a new flatmate. Asher Levi	Levi	PROPN	(	PUNCT	 (
Eurogamer's Dan Whitehead recommended the game, giving high praise to the detail of the open world and the characterization of Batman, but again criticizing the Batmobile's battle mode feature as one of the weaker aspects of the game. GamesTM gave Arkham Knight a 9 out	out	ADP	of	ADP	 of
Walters considered a meeting with head coach Dick Vermeil before the 1976 season as the critical moment in his playing career. Vermeil, who had just been hired by the Eagles, told Walters that if he did not start playing better he would be released. Walters said	said	VERB	,	PUNCT	,
The show pitted one hit wonders who generally had their moments of fame in the 1980s against each other to play their own hits and a currently popular cover song. The favorites were chosen by audience voting. The American version of the show also aired on NBC later	later	ADV	in	ADP	 in
In February 2011, the manuscript of a previously unknown Blyton novel, Mr Tumpy's Caravan, was discovered by the archivist at Seven Stories, National Centre for Children's Books in a collection of papers belonging to Blyton's daughter Gillian, purchased by Seven Stories in	in	ADP	2010	NUM	 2010
The film grossed more than ₹ 550 million globally in its lifetime, and the United States box office figures stood at approximately ₹ 100 million. It was one of the few small budget Telugu films to cross the US $1 million mark and also the first blockbuster	blockbuster	NOUN	in	ADP	 in
Pascu, who is fluent in the Hungarian language, prefers the hypocoristic Gyuri. Pascu began to study piano when he was nine years old, and sang soprano in his school choir, entertaining his friends with impressions of well known pop singers. During fifth grade,	,	PUNCT	he	PRON	 he
Meanwhile, the growth of the indigenous England merchant class in the major cities, especially London, gradually crowded out the foreign merchants upon whom the great chartered fairs had largely depended. The crown's control over trade in the towns, especially the emerging newer towns towards	towards	ADP	the	DET	 the
Bradley was shot and killed in the line of duty, after confronting a man and his two sons who were hunting egrets in the Everglades. His much publicized death at the age of 35 galvanized conservationists, and served as inspiration for future legislation to protect Florida's	's	PART	bird	NOUN	 bird
The village of Hoey is located at km 529.6. St. Louis was recently the site of the discovery of a large archaeological site of aboriginal artifacts. The South Saskatchewan River is crossed at this point via the St. Louis Bridge. Traffic around St. Louis averaged about 1,500	1,500	NUM	and	CCONJ	 and
Other prominent Denver higher education institutions include Johnson & Wales University, Catholic (Jesuit) Regis University and the city has Roman Catholic and Jewish institutions, as well as a health sciences school. In addition to those schools within the city, there are a number of	of	ADP	schools	NOUN	 schools
His only representative cricket came in end of season festival matches, including a Gentlemen v Players match. Yorkshire won the County Championship, the first of three consecutive victories in which Hirst played a leading role. After his achievements in the season, Hirst was selected as	as	ADP	one	NUM	 one
The album peaked at number one on Australia's ARIA Albums Chart and number 11 on New Zealand's RIANZ Albums Chart. The Australian Record Industry Association has since certified Tea & Sympathy platinum five times over for sales in excess of 350,000 units. " Wish You Well	Well	INTJ	"	PUNCT	 "
In 70 BC, the generals Pompey the Great and Marcus Licinius Crassus were both elected consul and quickly dismantled Sulla's constitution. In 62 BC, Pompey returned to Rome from battle in the east but found the Senate refusing to ratify the arrangements that he had made	made	VERB	.	PUNCT	.
In April 1968, signage was installed in Kane pointing the way to the Kinzua Dam via US 6; PA 321 remained unsigned pending the completion of the road north of Kane. With the construction of PA 321, the route remained unsigned north of Kane. In	In	ADP	addition	NOUN	 addition
His wife, Matilda, played a major role in running their vast English estates, which contributed to the couple being the second richest lay household in the country after the King. The landless Flemish nobleman William of Ypres had joined Stephen's household in 1133, alongside	alongside	ADP	Faramus	PROPN	 Faramus
In the January 1977 issue of Starlog, Roddenberry said he was not sure when the novel would be complete, but confirmed that it would discuss the meaning of God. By March 1978, the novel was said to be half completed. Publisher Bantam Books told Roddenberry	Roddenberry	PROPN	it	PRON	 it
This heartbeat is most prominent as the intro and the outro to the album, but it can also be heard sporadically on " Time " and " On the Run ". The assorted clocks ticking then chiming simultaneously at the start of " Time ", accompanied by	by	ADP	a	DET	 a
In 2000, The Museum of Television & Radio in Beverly Hills, California held a three month horror festival called " Monster in the Box: Horror on Television ", which included " Pinkeye " in its selection of classic or excellent horror related television comedy episodes.	.	PUNCT	It	PRON	 It
Both highways were combined to form SR 27 during the 1964 highway renumbering and the designation was extended south to the US 195 bypass of Pullman in 1975 and north to SR 290 in 1991. SR 27 begins its 90 mile long (145 km) route as Grand	Grand	PROPN	Avenue	PROPN	 Avenue
Coming under the control of Air Mobility Group, it is headquartered at RAAF Base Amberley, Queensland. The wing comprises No. 33 Squadron, operating Airbus KC 30 tanker transports, No. 36 Squadron, operating Boeing C 17 Globemaster III heavy transports, No.	.	NOUN	38	NUM	 38
A. O. Scott criticised Farrell's work: " When he's not on screen, you don't miss him, and when he is, you find yourself, before long, looking at someone or something else. " Conversely, Peter Travers of Rolling Stone was	was	AUX	enthusiastic	ADJ	 enthusiastic
The original name — or perhaps description — of the script is said to have been kohau motu mo rongorongo, " lines incised for chanting out ", shortened to kohau rongorongo or " lines [for] chanting out ". There are also said to have been	been	AUX	more	ADV	 more
The film became Lopez's best opening weekend for a January release, beating her romantic comedy The Wedding Planner (2001) which opened with $13.5 million. It was also her best opening weekend for a thriller film, ahead of Angel Eyes (2001, $	$	SYM	9.2	NUM	9.2
A. noctua has an extremely large range. It has been estimated that there are between 560 thousand and 1.3 million breeding pairs in Europe, and as Europe equates to 25 to 49% of the global range, the world population may be between five million and fifteen	fifteen	NUM	million	NUM	 million
The Vrtlinovec Tunnel southbound tube is 628 metres (2,060 ft) long and its northbound tube is 522 metres (1,713 ft) long, earning the distinction of being the longest tunnel on the A4 route. There are two major bridges on the A4 motorway, both	both	PRON	of	ADP	 of
After racing airplanes competitively during the 1950s, Cummings and her husband, Howard Critchell, helped found the Bates Aeronautics program at Harvey Mudd College in 1962. They ran it together until he retired in 1979, at which point Iris continued alone until the program's end	end	NOUN	in	ADP	 in
In the Cedillo case, her family claimed that Michelle was normal until receiving her vaccines, as evidenced by a number of videos of her between the age of 6 and 8 months. They also argued that thimerosal containing vaccines degraded her immune system, which made it	it	PRON	possible	ADJ	 possible
The station took its name from the surrounding jagged mountains, which resemble trolls of Norse mythology. The first overwintering occurred in 2000, when a South Pole expedition used the camp as a base. To ease logistics, Norway took the initiative to establish Dronning Maud Land	Land	PROPN	Air	PROPN	 Air
Morris was asked to join and soon after, Hornibrook departed and was replaced by Matthews. The Crocodiles were managed by Mike Chunn (ex Split Enz bassist) and regularly performed in Auckland. In January 1980 they played the high profile Sweetwaters Music Festival and in April	April	PROPN	that	SCONJ	 that
On the south, the basin borders on the headwaters of the San Joaquin River itself. The Merced River watershed includes the subwatersheds of Illilouette, Echo, Tenaya, Yosemite, Bridalveil, Cascade, and Dry Creeks, as well as the South and North forks of	of	ADP	the	DET	 the
Critical reaction to? was favourable. Indah Setiawati of The Jakarta Post wrote that the film was a " gallant attempt to promoted [sic] moderate Islam and reveal the sensitive issues in the country in a casual way ", and that viewers should " get ready	ready	ADJ	to	PART	 to
The Free Districts had been forcibly recatholized after the Reformation in Switzerland, and the Catholic cantons, especially Lucerne, Zug, and Uri considered these districts part of their sphere of influence and the reeves typically came from these cantons. The Thurgau, which had been annexed	annexed	VERB	in	ADP	 in
From 1911 to 1917, money was collected for interior furnishings, which were relatively sparse apart from the impressive main altar. (These original furnishings remained until the 1930s.) Parts of the draft plan were abandoned: the floor was not constructed from marble as intended	intended	VERB	,	PUNCT	,
The King's Sedgemoor Drain empties into the River Parrett next to the wharf at Dunball; it enters via a clyce (or clyse), which is a local word for a sluice. The clyce has been moved about 0.3 miles (500 m) downstream from	from	ADP	its	PRON	 its
On 13 August, Bahrain Mirror and activists said security forces have installed barbed wire around a number of residential areas expected to witness large protests. The areas were completely caged according to activists. Al Wefaq said authorities had turned some areas into a " vast prison for	for	ADP	inhabitants	NOUN	 inhabitants
A.V. Club named Kang / Bob Dole's line, " Abortions for some, miniature American flags for others! ", one of the best lines in the history of the show. The ska punk band named I Voted for Kodos takes its name from Homer's	's	PART	line	NOUN	 line
The Blue Jays activated Barrett from the disabled list on July 6, 2009, and designated to Triple A for a rehab assignment, where he sustained a season ending injury. The Jays never recalled Barrett to their roster after the designation, and released him in the	the	DET	following	ADJ	 following
In its original American broadcast, " Doomsday " was viewed by an estimated 6.15 million viewers and received a 3.2 rating / 8% share among adults between the ages of 18 and 49. This means that it was seen by 3.2% of all 18- to 49	49	NUM	year	NOUN	 year
Jubilee Hall houses the W. Paul Stillman School of Business in addition to the largest auditorium at the University. There are several computer labs, state of the art classrooms and a Stock Exchange research room. The building was originally named Kozlowski Hall after Dennis Kozlowski, Seton	Seton	PROPN	Hall	PROPN	 Hall
Principal photography of Blade Runner began on March 9, 1981 and ended four months later. In 1992, Ford revealed, " Blade Runner is not one of my favorite films. I tangled with Ridley. " Apart from friction with the director, Ford also disliked	disliked	VERB	the	DET	 the
The precise requirements of most species are still poorly known, as the newts are much more difficult to detect and observe on land. Deciduous woodlands or groves are in general preferred, but conifer woods are also accepted, especially in the far northern and southern ranges.	.	PUNCT	The	DET	 The
Furthermore, Justinian restored cities damaged by earthquake or war and built a new city near his place of birth called Justiniana Prima, which was intended to replace Thessalonica as the political and religious centre of Illyricum. In Justinian's reign, and partly under his patronage,	,	PUNCT	Byzantine	ADJ	 Byzantine
Violence sometimes took the form of wife beating. Several southern Illinois miners lost their lives at the hands of a frustrated spouse. Reformers reasoned that adequate housing could counter the drinking problems. George Pullman adhered to this idea. He believed that a good residential surrounding would	would	AUX	benefit	VERB	 benefit
Statistics include all caps gained in their international career, including those before or after their Thistle careers. Scottish Cup: Winners (1): 1920 – 21 Runners up (1): 1929 – 30 Scottish League Cup: Winners (1): 1971 – 72 Runners up	up	ADP	(	PUNCT	 (
One proposed origin for the scientific name is that medieval knights — who revered Tricholoma equestre — considered this mushroom fit only for cattle drovers as it was not highly valued. A limited genetic sampling of species in a 1996 study by Annette Kretzer and colleagues showed Suillus bovinus	bovinus	NOUN	was	AUX	 was
One bird remains still while the other loops and dives repeatedly before the roles are reversed; both sing all the while. The bird's white eyebrows become flared and more prominent in an aggressive display, and settled and more hidden when in a submissive or appeasement display	display	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
The male displays brightly colored plumage during the breeding season to attract a mate. Nest building and incubation are done solely by the female. The diet of the indigo bunting consists primarily of insects during the summer months and seeds during the winter months. The indigo bunting	bunting	NOUN	is	AUX	 is
He said: This seat of Sir John Smyth is a stately edifice... It has of late been much enlarged with stables nearly as extensive as the house and also a park enclosed by a wall which is twelve feet high in the lowest part. Two handsome lodges	lodges	NOUN	have	AUX	 have
During the administration of President George W. Bush she said of the attacks: " I've researched it for three years and every single thing that I uncover solidifies my belief that it was an inside job and that our government was complicit in what happened. " The	The	DET	New	PROPN	 New
In 2011, Edinburgh Zoo leased two giant pandas, a male named Yáng Guāng (陽光, meaning " sunshine ") and a female named Tián Tián (甜甜, meaning " sweetie "), from the Bifengxia Breeding Centre in China at a cost of $	$	SYM	1	NUM	1
The ship was under repair at Greenock from 29 March to 22 April, after which she sailed to Freetown for escort duties between Lagos, Nigeria, Freetown and Gibraltar. Bulldog returned home in October for a lengthy refit at Portsmouth Dockyard that lasted from 8 November to	to	ADP	24	NUM	 24
There are some controversies about some of the exact details of a few of the uniforms, since some of the records were lost or destroyed after the Civil War ended. The original Confederate uniforms from all branches of the military closely followed the lines of the Union ’	’	PUNCT	s	PART	 s
Proponents of externalism maintain that the surrounding world is in some sense constitutive of the mind. Externalism differentiates into several versions. The main ones are semantic externalism, cognitive externalism, phenomenal externalism. Each of these versions of externalism can further be divided whether they refer only	only	ADV	to	ADP	 to
" Dan Forcella of TV Fanatic awarded the episode four out of five stars, summarizing that " An otherwise funny episode of The Office, highlighted by Toby's awkwardness, Dwight's craziness and Kevin's pride, was held back by yet another trip down Pam and	and	CCONJ	Jim	PROPN	 Jim
RPGamer, in their review of the game, said that the arrangements by Ito were " quite pleasing to the ear ", though they noted that the quality of the music was diminished by the " terrible speakers " of the Game Boy Advance. Tracklist The scores	scores	NOUN	for	ADP	 for
1 is a Latin pop album. The introductory track, " En Tus Pupilas " (" In Your Pupils "), incorporates folk music styles and its opening verse includes French language lyrics. " La Pared " (" The Wall ") has been compared	compared	VERB	stylistically	ADV	 stylistically
He coined it for the partial skull USNM 12031, from the Lance Formation of Niobrara County, Wyoming. Gilmore assigned his new species to Troodon as T. wyomingensis. At the time, paleontologists thought that Troodon, then known only from teeth, was the same as	as	ADP	Stegoceras	PROPN	 Stegoceras
Covering 295 square degrees, it ranks 48th of the 88 constellations in size. The recommended three letter abbreviation for the constellation, as adopted by the International Astronomical Union in 1922, is ' Tuc '. The official constellation boundaries, as set by Eugène Delporte in	in	ADP	1930	NUM	 1930
Also around this time, DE 896 was rerouted to bypass the University of Delaware to the west. A bypass of Glasgow was completed in the 1990s. DE 896 begins at an intersection with US 13 in Boyds Corner, heading west on two lane undivided Boyds Corner	Corner	PROPN	Road	PROPN	 Road
Additionally, females in friendships with males exhibit a smaller rise in stress hormones than do females without male friends. The benefits of friendship to males are less clear. A male is more likely to enter into friendships with females with which he has mated, which indicates	indicates	VERB	males	NOUN	 males
It has been used as a pharmaceutical agent since antiquity, including for the treatment of syphilis before the development of antibiotics. Arsenic is also a component of melarsoprol, a medicinal drug used in the treatment of human African trypanosomiasis or sleeping sickness. In 2003, arsenic	arsenic	ADJ	trioxide	NOUN	 trioxide
New Musical Express journalist Nick Kent jammed occasionally with the band, but left upon Lydon's recruitment. " When I came along, I took one look at him and said, ' No. That has to go, ' " Lydon later explained. " He	He	PRON	's	AUX	's
" Anno described Shinji and Misato as " afraid of being hurt " and " unsuitable — lacking the positive attitude — for what people call heroes of an adventure. " The teenaged Evangelion pilots are ordered into battle by the steely Gendo Ikari, Shinji's father and	and	CCONJ	the	DET	 the
Whitney runs away and Bianca's ex husband Ricky Butcher (Sid Owen) finds her drunk. Todd returns and Whitney agrees to another date. When Whitney finds a condom in his wallet, she assumes he wants to have sex with her and runs away. Debra	Debra	PROPN	turns	VERB	 turns
Lord Griffiths, on the other hand, was not swayed by the use of Sheldon's statement; he wrote that " I should myself have construed the section in favour of the taxpayer without recourse to Hansard ". Before Pepper, it was impossible to use Parliamentary	Parliamentary	ADJ	discussions	NOUN	 discussions
The New Haven Colony had earlier struck a deal with the Lenape to buy much of New Jersey south of present day Trenton. The Dutch and Swedes in the area burned the English colonists ' buildings. A Swedish court under Swedish Governor Johan Björnsson Printz convicted Lamberton of	of	ADP	"	PUNCT	 "
The PSP 2000 (also known as the Slim & Lite in PAL territories) was the first major hardware revision of the PlayStation Portable, released in September 2007. The 2000 series was 33% lighter and 19% slimmer than the original PlayStation Portable. The capacity	capacity	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
A poster of Farrah Fawcett, a cast member of Charlie's Angels, hangs on the wall in Barney's apartment. Dolly Parton's 9 to 5 is heard when Homer looks for a new job. The sign outside the wedding chapel resembles Vegas Vic from the	the	DET	Pioneer	PROPN	 Pioneer
The International Union for Conservation of Nature (IUCN) has assessed the Caribbean reef shark as Near Threatened; its population has declined off Belize and Cuba from overfishing and exploitation continues in other regions. They are also threatened by the degradation and destruction of their coral reef	reef	NOUN	habitat	NOUN	 habitat
His mother Anja's memories are conspicuously absent from the narrative, given her suicide and Vladek's destruction of her diaries. Hirsch sees Maus in part as an attempt to reconstruct her memory. Vladek keeps her memory alive with the pictures on his desk, " like	like	ADP	a	DET	 a
Parachute competitions are held at club, regional, national and international levels, and include the disciplines of accuracy landings, freefall gymnastics, formation skydiving, canopy formation, freestyle and freeflying, and skysurfing. British teams consistently win medals in canopy formation world championships, and	and	CCONJ	a	DET	 a
He became a regular contributor to the Bucharest nationalist review Sămănătorul, which gave De la țară a sonorous welcome, and later to Sămănătorul's leftist rival, Viața Românească. From 1909, he was also one of the regulars at Neamul Românesc. For his literary activity	activity	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
The volcano ’ s subsequent collapse formed the caldera of Crater Lake. Older and more deeply eroded, the Western Cascades are a range of volcanoes lying west of and merging with the High Cascades. They consist of partly altered volcanic rock from vents in both volcanic provinces	provinces	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
Sportsmen alumni include professional rugby player Martin Purdy and David Fulton, former captain of the Kent County Cricket Club. Other notable former students are Cecil Frank Powell, winner of a Nobel Prize in physics; Humphrey Burton, former head of BBC Music; Bernard Hailstone,	,	PUNCT	a	DET	 a
The abdomen terminates in a pair of, or three, slender thread like projections. The final moult of the nymph is not to the full adult form, but to a winged stage called a subimago that physically resembles the adult, but which is usually sexually immature	immature	ADJ	and	CCONJ	 and
Kiprusoff recorded his third shutout of the season in a 3 – 0 win against the Minnesota Wild while Iginla scored eight goals and 12 points in the final nine games of the month. Though they sat in 14th place in the 15 team Western Conference, the Flames	Flames	PROPN	ended	VERB	 ended
The third predominant feud prior to the event was between Chris Benoit and Orlando Jordan for the WWE United States Championship. On the July 7 edition of SmackDown!, Benoit defeated Booker T in a match to become the new Number One contender for the title. As	As	ADP	a	DET	 a
Meanwhile, to the north of Aylesbury the Buckinghamshire Railway was being built by Sir Harry Verney. The scheme consisted of a line running roughly southwest to northeast from Oxford to Bletchley and a line running southeast from Brackley via Buckingham, joining roughly halfway along the Oxford –	–	PUNCT	Bletchley	PROPN	 Bletchley
This was done by an on screen digital clock which appears before and after commercial breaks, and a smaller clock also appears at other points in the narrative. The time shown is the in universe time of the story. When the running clock is shown full screen	screen	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
1784 – January 23, 1813), often Nathaniel G. S. Hart, was a Lexington, Kentucky lawyer and businessman, who served with the state's volunteer militia during the War of 1812. As Captain of the Lexington Light Infantry from Kentucky, Hart and many	many	ADJ	of	ADP	 of
Liliaceae fossils have been dated to the Paleogene and Cretaceous eras in the Antarctic. The Liliaceae probably arose as shade plants, with subsequent evolution to open areas including deciduous forest in the more open autumnal period, but then a return of some species (e.g. Cardiocrinum)	)	PUNCT	.	PUNCT	.
Fractal like patterns occur widely in nature, in phenomena as diverse as clouds, river networks, geologic fault lines, mountains, coastlines, animal coloration, snow flakes, crystals, blood vessel branching, and ocean waves. Spirals are common in plants and in some	some	DET	animals	NOUN	 animals
In August 1940, Strutt was replaced with Lieutenant Colonel Ragnar Garrett as commanding officer. In October 1940, the battalion's designation was changed to the " 2 / 31st Battalion " in order to bring it in line with the designations of the rest of the 2nd	2nd	ADJ	AIF	PROPN	 AIF
" Boyfriend " has received mixed reviews. Andrew Hampp of Billboard rated it 82 out of 100, stating that Bieber sounds more adult than ever, but noted that most of his fans are still 12 year old girls. Amy Sciaretto of Pop Crush praised the track	track	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
The song plummeted to number 39 the next week as the promotional effects of the Super Bowl wore off. With the release of " Give Me All Your Luvin ' ", Madonna tied with Dionne Warwick for amassing the second highest number (56) of Billboard Hot	Hot	PROPN	100	NUM	 100
Jones agreed to do business with Cartoon Network on the condition that Alfe be a character on The Problem Solverz. Eric Pringle, a veteran of 2D digital animation, was employed as animation director, providing Jones with much technical assistance. Pringle's colleagues from Foster's	's	PART	Home	NOUN	 Home
The church was replaced by a fountain dedicated to the memory of Jules Anspach. The facade of the church, however, was preserved, being disassembled and moved to serve as the façade for the St. Trinity Church in the suburb of Ixelles. Although the original covering	covering	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
Millwall began life on the Isle of Dogs and inhabited four different grounds in the club's first 25 years. Their first home was a piece of waste ground called Glengall Road, where they only stayed for one year. From 1886 to 1890 they played behind The	The	DET	Lord	PROPN	 Lord
Rettenmund complimented the cover artwork, saying that " a dozen years into her career, it was one of her most arresting poses shot by Demarchelier, a testament to the durability of her star appeal ". Author Lucy O'Brien described the song in her book, Madonna	Madonna	PROPN	:	PUNCT	:
While it did not have the commercial success of the original, it emerged on the Hot 100, the Hot R & B / Hip Hop Songs, the Canadian Hot 100, and the ARIA Singles Chart, and received a gold certification from the RIAA. "	"	PUNCT	Moving	VERB	 Moving
The lake was first surveyed on July 14, 1939 by the Forest Service. Kennecott Copper Corporation, as of 1988, planned to dig an open pit copper mine in a basin approximately one mile east of Image Lake. However, protests by various advocacy groups,	,	PUNCT	such	ADJ	 such
Train service in Coimbatore started in 1861, upon the construction of the Podanur – Madras line connecting Kerala and the west coast with the rest of India. Coimbatore lies on the Coimbatore - Shoranur Broad gauge railway line and the city falls under the Salem Division of the	the	DET	Southern	PROPN	 Southern
This tour lasted until early summer 1890, at which point Scheer returned to Germany, where he was made an instructor at the Torpedo Research Command in Kiel. Thus far in his career, Scheer had made a strong reputation for himself as a torpedo specialist. While	While	SCONJ	stationed	VERB	 stationed
Count Zrinski found himself besieged by a hostile army of at least 150,000 soldiers with powerful artillery. Zrinski had assembled a force of around 2,300 Croatian and Hungarian soldiers prior to the siege. These consisted of his personal forces and those of his friends and allies. The	The	DET	majority	NOUN	 majority
Sir Robert de Crull was the last to fill this position during Edward III's reign and would have the longest tenure in this position. It was during his tenure that Edward's naval administration would become a base for what evolved during the reigns of successors such as	as	ADP	Henry	PROPN	 Henry
The Pennsylvania militia got off the first volley, but were soon routed by the British. While attempting to rally his fleeing troops, Irvine had three fingers shot off, and was taken prisoner when he fell from his horse. Potter's brigade immediately fled, despite	despite	SCONJ	orders	NOUN	 orders
The tower stands to the north of the west bay of the body of the church, and is joined to it by a short passage with a porch on its east side. There are also porches on the west and south sides of the church. The tower	tower	NOUN	is	AUX	 is
Excavations in the northwestern portion of the Acropolis have revealed a series of stucco floors and large amounts of ceramic remains, as well as fragments of worked stone, obsidian, bone and shell. Among the artefacts recovered were three polychrome vessels, two tripod vessels, a	a	DET	flute	NOUN	 flute
The pair defends the chosen nest site against other peregrines, and often against ravens, herons, and gulls, and if ground nesting, also such mammals as foxes, wolverines, felids, bears, wolves, and mountain lions. Both nests and (less frequently	frequently	ADV	)	PUNCT	)
After practicing the complex greeting the Jaradan require to open negotiations, Captain Jean Luc Picard (Patrick Stewart) decides to relax with a Dixon Hill story in the holodeck. Playing Detective Hill in the holoprogram, Picard takes up the case of Jessica Bradley (Carolyn Allport	Allport	PROPN	)	PUNCT	)
Critics noted " Diva " as a variation on Lil Wayne's " A Milli " and coined it as its female counterpart. " Diva " carries a stuttering beat. " Sweet Dreams " was critically acclaimed for its use of electronic bassline, which some critics compared	compared	VERB	to	ADP	 to
" Online game critic for the Escapist Magazine Ben " Yahtzee " Croshaw lists this game as among his top 5 favourite games of all time, praising the game for thick and unsettling atmosphere creating tension and fear for players. In his review of the game he commented	commented	VERB	,	PUNCT	,
The swing bridges at Crossways, Boat and Anchor, and Fordgate were rebuilt, and by 1987, 4.5 miles (7.2 km) of canal were available for navigation. After some teething problems, it was decided that many of the rest of the accommodation bridges would	would	AUX	be	AUX	 be
The previously planned route of the bypass, prior to 2012, followed Lord Street, east of Whiteman Park. The project is funded by both the state and federal governments. Construction is expected to begin in 2016, and be completed by 2019. In late 2015	2015	NUM	Main	PROPN	 Main
Eaker and George transformed Hughes Aircraft into a very profitable military contractor, reaching $100 M in sales in 1948. George expanded the company beyond the manufacture of aircraft to focus on the new field of military electronics, primarily by bringing together expert electronics designer Dean Wooldridge	Wooldridge	PROPN	and	CCONJ	 and
In contrast, when Sultan Mehmet II laid siege to Constantinople in April 1453, he used 68 Hungarian made cannon, the largest of which was 26 feet (7.9 m) long and weighed 20 tons. This fired a 1,200 pound stone cannonball, and required an	an	DET	operating	VERB	 operating
The Courbet class ships were the largest possible ships that could fit in existing dockyards and refitting basins. The Conseil supérieur de la Marine (CSM), the French naval high command, ordered the construction department to prepare designs for a 23,500 metric ton (23,100 long	long	ADJ	ton	NOUN	 ton
The labor tax took the form of conscripted labor for one month per year, which was imposed upon male commoners aged fifteen to fifty six. This could be avoided in Eastern Han with a commutable tax, since hired labor became more popular. In the early Western	Western	PROPN	Han	PROPN	 Han
At weddings the parents of the bride offer the couple a glass of water and a comb. The comb is dipped in the water and run through the hair of both bride and groom. Rice is then showered on the couple, connoting plenty. Until recently,	,	PUNCT	the	DET	 the
Frank McGee came from a prominent Canadian family. His late uncle, Thomas D ' Arcy McGee, had been a Father of Confederation. His father, John Joseph McGee, was clerk of the Privy Council (considered the top civil servant position). Frank was	was	AUX	one	NUM	 one
The lack of medical information provided on players in the expansion draft contributed heavily to the team ’ s problems, as they finished the season with 17 players on injured reserve. They were last in the league in points scored, touchdowns, and rushing touchdowns. After	After	SCONJ	a	DET	 a
He instead busied himself with the album's sound effects. A Momentary Lapse of Reason was released in September 1987. Storm Thorgerson, whose creative input was absent from The Wall and The Final Cut, designed the album cover. To drive home the point that Waters	Waters	NOUN	had	AUX	 had
The storm caused $8 million in damage in Tobago. Total damage from the storm amounted to $9.2 million (1986 USD), mostly to crops, though no deaths were reported. The strongest storm of the season began as a tropical wave off Africa on	on	ADP	September	PROPN	 September
Vainio had to go to the bathroom during the flight, and soon there was a call for a doctor from the flight crew. Vainio had kept his heart medicines in his pocket, where the box had opened and mixed with his pastilles. Vainio had eaten too	too	ADV	much	ADJ	 much
Since in astronomical applications this measurement can not be done directly, because that would require travelling to the distant star of interest, the method using spectral lines described here is used instead. Redshifts can not be calculated by looking at unidentified features whose rest frame frequency is	is	AUX	unknown	ADJ	 unknown
In addition, he collected, translated and wrote thousands of Sufi tales, making these available to a Western audience through his books and lectures. Several of Shah's books feature the Mullah Nasruddin character, sometimes with illustrations provided by Richard Williams. In Shah's interpretation	interpretation	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
Eries also thanked Del Rey's translation notes for clearing up some misconceptions for her, although she later concluded that their quality has deteriorated as the series progresses. Like the manga, the anime has been well received but does not avoid criticism; in particular the quality	quality	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
Osbert's lands were chiefly in Norfolk and Suffolk, but he also had some lands in Essex and some from the Count of Perche. Other lands were held from two monastic houses in East Anglia: St Benet Holme and Bury St Edmunds. Osbert served as a	a	DET	royal	ADJ	 royal
The tour was extended in 1979, after the New York run, still starring Brynner and Towers. The production then opened in the West End, at the London Palladium, on June 12, 1979, and was reported to have the largest advance sale in English	English	ADJ	history	NOUN	 history
Noonan later spoke of the artistic freedom which had resulted from this move — " We have found owning our music and finding partners all over the world to put our music out really empowering ". A live CD and DVD set called Tour De Flock was released on	on	ADP	the	DET	 the
The Organic Laws required the legislature to meet in June and December of each year. The first meeting of the 1844 legislature took place June 18 at the home of Felix Hathaway in Oregon City. This session lasted until June 27, and another session was held from	from	ADP	December	PROPN	 December
The Corps of Engineers also installed an elevator to take visitors from the base to the top of the pedestal. On July 30, 1916, during World War I, German saboteurs set off a disastrous explosion on the Black Tom peninsula in Jersey City, New Jersey	Jersey	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
In the Amazon.com " Best Books of 2007 ", it placed # 4 overall in the United States and # 1 in the non fiction category in Canada. The writing style was positively received as being vivid and well written, sometimes grim, but with appropriate language	language	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
His squadrons were employed in escort, maritime reconnaissance, and coastal patrol duties, the overworked aircraft having to be sent to RAAF Station Richmond, New South Wales, after every 240 hours flying time — with a consequent three week loss from Darwin's strength — as	as	SCONJ	deep	ADJ	 deep
Bennett resigned from the RAM at this overbearing behaviour, and was not to return until 1866. Towards the end of 1862 Bennett's wife died after a painful illness. His biographer W. B. Squire suggests that " he never recovered from the effects of Mrs. Bennett's	's	PART	death	NOUN	 death
It is now highly acclaimed by film critics, particularly for its cinematography and screenplay. In 1993, the film was selected for preservation in the United States National Film Registry by the Library of Congress as being " culturally, historically, or aesthetically significant. " Sweet	Sweet	PROPN	Smell	PROPN	 Smell
Matters had not improved when Bache settled in London in 1865. The War of the Romantics between musically conservative and liberal factions was in full swing and he found himself branded as " dangerous " for having studied with Liszt. This was vividly illustrated when Bache called upon	upon	SCONJ	J.	PROPN	 J.
The storm did not receive advisories from the JTWC. In late August, the monsoon trough spawned a series of disturbances in the Bay of Bengal, including one that developed on August 19 off the Odisha coast. It persisted and gradually organized, becoming a well marked	marked	VERB	low	ADJ	 low
It adopted its current title in 1939, after John Carnell became editor. First published professionally in 1946, it became the leading publication of its type; the period to 1960 has been described by historian Mike Ashley as the magazine's " Golden Age ". Carnell	Carnell	PROPN	joined	VERB	 joined
Kennywood refused the Premier offer and others on grounds that the new owners would make too many changes to the existing parks. However, on December 11, 2007, Kennywood Entertainment announced that it would sell its parks to the Madrid based amusement company, Parques Reunidos.	.	PUNCT	The	DET	 The
writer Kristin Dos Santos said that it " might go down as one of the most shocking ever on television. " Rita Bennett was a character in the Dexter series of novels written by author Jeff Lindsay. As of 2011 there are five books in the Dexter series	series	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
David Browne of Entertainment Weekly declared that Erotica may be the most joyless dance music of all time, while criticizing Madonna's " soulless " voice. Stephen Holden from The New York Times wrote that the album is far from Madonna's best album, as the hip	hip	NOUN	hop	NOUN	 hop
The film took about three years to make, from early organisation, planning, and scripting to completion of filming. In a November 1956 interview, Nargis described the film shoot and her role as the most demanding of her career. Mother India was shot in Gevacolor	Gevacolor	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
Early on August 5, a strengthening period began as deep convection ignited over and near the low level center. Prior to landfall, banding features developed on the eastern half of the circulation, despite some residual westerly shear. Within seven hours, the barometric pressure dropped	dropped	VERB	from	ADP	 from
On the outbreak of the First World War, construction of the two ships was suspended. As Almirante Latorre was almost complete, she was purchased for the Royal Navy, entering service as HMS Canada in 1915. Almirante Cochrane was almost complete up to the forecastle,	,	PUNCT	although	SCONJ	 although
He accepted the rhythm method as a moral form of family planning, although only in limited circumstances, within the context of family. Theology and science To Pius XII, science and religion were heavenly sisters, different manifestations of divine exactness, who could not possibly contradict	contradict	VERB	each	DET	 each
Private universities include Austin College, Baylor University, University of Mary Hardin – Baylor, and Southwestern University. Universities in Texas host three presidential libraries: George Bush Presidential Library at Texas A & M University, the Lyndon Baines Johnson Library and Museum at The University of	of	ADP	Texas	PROPN	 Texas
About 10: 00, Lieutenant Colonel Chong Pong Uk, commanding the artillery regiment supporting the NK 13th Division, walked up alone to a ROK 1st Division position 3 miles (4.8 km) north of Tabu dong and defected. Chong, the highest ranking North Korean	Korean	ADJ	prisoner	NOUN	 prisoner
Water comes to Manhattan through New York City Water Tunnel No. 1, Tunnel No. 2, and Tunnel No. 3, completed in 1917, 1936, and (Manhattan's supply) 2013, respectively. Manhattan witnessed the doubling of the natural gas supply	supply	NOUN	delivered	VERB	 delivered
In Brislington House Perceval experienced, in spite of the expense, a regime of deprivation, brutality and degradation. For eight months, during which time he was completely under the control of his voices, spirits and presences, he was kept under restraint, either in	in	ADP	a	DET	 a
Three of the starting pitchers from the previous season — Clemens, Pettitte, and Wells — left the team before the season. Despite the losses, the 2004 Yankees managed to top the AL East with 101 wins and defeat the Twins three games to one in the	the	DET	ALDS	NOUN	 ALDS
A corrupt peacekeeper tips off the traffickers, and Raya is recaptured and tortured. Although Kathryn rescues Irka from the woods, the latter is too afraid to proceed with the trial. When she brings the scandal to the attention of the UN, Kathryn discovers that it	it	PRON	has	AUX	 has
On the 6 mile (9.66 km) section between Whatlington and St Leonards, 750,000 cubic yards (570,000 m3) out of 827,000 cubic yards (632,000 m3) had been excavated. Construction of the line between Tunbridge Wells and Bopeep Junction cost in excess of £	£	SYM	500,000	NUM	500,000
He later stated that his main concern was that connective tissue is not " meat ", and that ground beef to which the product had been added should not be called ground beef, since it is not nutritionally equivalent to regular ground beef. In 2007, the	the	DET	USDA	PROPN	 USDA
During his set at the Coachella Valley Music and Arts Festival, West performed " Power " during the start of the performance. West's performance was described as " one of the most memorable performances in Coachella history. " Matthew Perpetua of Rolling Stone noted that "	"	PUNCT	with	ADP	 with
He's righter than a trivet! " Like with an't, han't and ain't were found together late into the nineteenth century, as in Chapter 12 of Dickens ' Our Mutual Friend: " ' Well, have you finished? ' asked the strange man.	.	PUNCT	'	PUNCT	 '
According to City Councilmember Scott Perkins, " Other cities have stand alone [aquatic] facilities that cost $35 million. Were getting 90 percent of that use for a quarter of the price. " In addition, the city approved the $4 million construction of	of	ADP	an	DET	 an
Soon after Jagiello's accession to the Polish throne, Jagiello granted Vilnius a city charter like that of Kraków, modeled on the Magdeburg Law; and Vytautas issued a privilege to a Jewish commune of Trakai on almost the same terms as privileges issued to the Jews of	of	ADP	Poland	PROPN	 Poland
On 26 August, he was granted a five year short service commission as a pilot officer, and assigned to No. 1 Squadron at RAF Tangmere in Sussex. The unit operated the new Hawker Hurricane, a monoplane with a top speed of over 300 miles per	per	ADP	hour	NOUN	 hour
Boone began to have financial troubles while living in Maysville. According to the later folk image, Boone the trailblazer was too unsophisticated for the civilization which followed him and which eventually defrauded him of his land. Boone was not the simple frontiersman of legend, however:	:	PUNCT	he	PRON	 he
During the Spanish Civil War of 1936 – 1939, the ship enforced the arms blockade imposed by Britain and France on both sides as part of the Mediterranean Fleet. After the start of the Second World War the ship was transferred to Home Fleet and participated in the	the	DET	Norwegian	ADJ	 Norwegian
Saban initially dismissed this characterization, but came to accept it later in life. He held 21 coaching jobs during his 50 year career, which ended with a job at Chowan University in North Carolina between 2001 and 2002. Saban's combined record as a coach in	in	ADP	the	DET	 the
On 20 July 2011, Gallagher released a 47 second trailer of his first single " The Death of You and Me ". The video for the debut single was released on 25 July at 8: 21 am (GMT). Following the self titled debut,	,	PUNCT	Noel	PROPN	 Noel
In September, the film was screened at The Rome International Film Festival in Rome, Georgia, the Midwest Christian Inspirational Indie Film Festival in Chicago, Illinois, and the Atlanta International Documentary Film Festival in Atlanta, Georgia. Nefarious was screened at Oaxaca FilmFest two months	months	NOUN	later	ADV	 later
Hata would expand his research into the 1999 book Ianfu to senjō no sei (" Comfort women and sex on the battlefield "), described by Sarah Soh as " a 444 page treatise on the comfort women issue ". Ianfu to senjō no sei was noted	noted	VERB	for	ADP	 for
Perry was created by the series ' co founders, Dan Povenmire and Jeff " Swampy " Marsh. He first appeared along with the majority of the main cast in the pilot episode " Rollercoaster. " Perry is featured as the star of the B plot for every	every	DET	episode	NOUN	 episode
Buenos Aires Province was helped with a fund that gave the governor a million pesos daily. Although the Convertibility plan had positive consequences in the short term, it caused problems that surfaced later. Large numbers of employees of privatized state enterprises were fired, and unemployment grew	grew	VERB	to	ADP	 to
The surface of HDE 226868 is being tidally distorted by the gravity of the massive companion, forming a tear drop shape that is further distorted by rotation. This causes the optical brightness of the star to vary by 0.06 magnitudes during each 5.6 day binary orbit, with	with	ADP	the	DET	 the
The bassline also has some similarity with Michael Jackson's " Billie Jean " especially during the second verse. Madonna sings the song in her high register while drum arrangement by Tony Thompson is heard alongside the bassline, which is also supported by a synthesizer arrangement, giving	giving	VERB	it	PRON	 it
Early in the next year, a Fatimid army under Manjutakin advanced on Aleppo. Manjutakin sent a messenger to Bourtzes, claiming that his conflict was with Aleppo, and did not involve the Byzantines, but Bourtzes had the messenger arrested. After defeating the Hamdanids in battle	battle	NOUN	near	ADP	 near
Ewell, the team trainer said, Umbricht " had the most wonderful attitude of anyone you'll ever meet ". Umbricht's cancer diagnosis shocked baseball and made national headlines. On March 7, Umbricht underwent a six hour operation using perfusion to remove the tumor from	from	ADP	his	PRON	 his
In November 2013, the game was released for the iOS & Android mobile platforms in Japan. This release is based on the 2004 mobile remake of the game. The United States and Europe mobile versions were released on September 11, 2014. Dragon Warrior has inspired	inspired	VERB	related	ADJ	 related
I remember where I was when I heard it and called my manager, Ann, and I was like, ' Do not let anyone else have this song! It ’ s my song. ' In talking to Chris and Josh about it, they [told	told	VERB	me	PRON	 me
It therefore had to be aerodynamically stable, but also cheap and easy to construct as it would only be used once. The Hotspur was intended to have an operational range of 100 miles (160 km) when released at high altitude, although in practice this was	was	AUX	reduced	VERB	 reduced
It appears to be common within its restricted range, despite being caught in large numbers by the local population for food, and large flocks are sometimes seen. However, due to a lack of detailed information about its breeding range and population numbers, this species is	is	AUX	classed	VERB	 classed
This period includes the Sermon on the Mount, one of Jesus ' major discourses, as well as the calming of the storm, the feeding of the 5,000, walking on water and a number of other miracles and parables. It ends with the Confession of Peter	Peter	PROPN	and	CCONJ	 and
Route 33 is being widened from Route 35 to Route 71 in Neptune to provide a center turning lane as well as shoulders. Signals will be modified to provide proper movements. Monmouth County recently gave a tour to DOT officials, stressing the need to improve the Wemrock	Wemrock	PROPN	Road	PROPN	 Road
Space Invaders is a two dimensional fixed shooter game in which the player controls a laser cannon by moving it horizontally across the bottom of the screen and firing at descending aliens. The aim is to defeat five rows of eleven aliens — some versions feature different numbers —	—	PUNCT	that	PRON	 that
The common firecrest feeds in trees, exploiting mainly the upper surface of branches in coniferous habitat and of leaves in deciduous trees. This is in contrast to the goldcrest, which frequently feeds on the undersides of branches and leaves. In winter, flocks of common firecrests	firecrests	NOUN	cover	VERB	 cover
The Westwood Moravian Church congregation has recently relocated to Royton. In addition to the established church, a variety of Reformed denominations have been practised in Royton. The Religious Society of Friends were recorded as holding conventicles in Heyside in as early as the 1650s. A Baptist	Baptist	ADJ	meeting	NOUN	 meeting
Other directorial attempts included You and Me (1975), and two unreleased productions: Mata Hari, an epic that starred his daughter, Calista; and a short musical called A Country Mile. Carradine knew nothing of the practice of kung fu at the time he	he	PRON	was	AUX	 was
Narrative poetry is a genre of poetry that tells a story. Broadly it subsumes epic poetry, but the term " narrative poetry " is often reserved for smaller works, generally with more appeal to human interest. Narrative poetry may be the oldest type of poetry.	.	PUNCT	Many	ADJ	 Many
[1] The mignons were frivolous and fashionable young men, to whom public malignity attributed heterodox sexuality, rumors that some historians have found to be a factor in the disintegration of the late Valois monarchy. According to the contemporary chronicler Pierre de l ' Estoile,	,	PUNCT	[	X	 [
" Other songs were written with a more personal message. " Long Long Way to Go " is often considered one of Collins ' more popular songs never to be released as a single, and was at that point in his career his most political song. Former	Former	ADJ	Police	PROPN	 Police
Chief Justice Fred Vinson's opinion stated that the First Amendment does not require that the government must wait " until the putsch is about to be executed, the plans have been laid and the signal is awaited " before it interrupts seditious plots. In his opinion,	,	PUNCT	Vinson	PROPN	 Vinson
Once this process was completed the rubber tax was abolished. The Abir company merged with the Société Anversoise in May 1911 to form the Compagnie du Congo Belge and now focussed on the management of rubber plantations and the gathering of rubber from them. However, later that	that	DET	year	NOUN	 year
For a scene taking place at Starfleet Academy, a forced perspective was created by placing scenery close to the camera to give the sense the set was larger than it really was. To present the illusion that the Enterprise's elevators moved between decks, corridor pieces were	were	AUX	wheeled	VERB	 wheeled
It also introduced April Ludgate's family. According to Nielsen Media Research, " 94 Meetings " was seen by 4.03 million household viewers, and received particularly high ratings among males between ages 18 and 34. The episode received generally positive reviews. Due to a mistake	mistake	NOUN	by	ADP	 by
However this formation may have been a later conception; Barbara's portrait seems to have been executed some time after her husband's and it is unusual for a husband to be placed to the viewer's right in paired panels. His father's panel is considered the	the	DET	superior	ADJ	 superior
He also served for a number of years as the superintendent of the congregation's Sunday school program. Zimmerman represented the church in the Moorefield district and at annual conferences of the Methodist Episcopal Church, South. Despite his involvement in the Southern Methodist church, his wife	wife	NOUN	Kitty	PROPN	 Kitty
Once Jenner and Norris had finalised the subject matter and music genre, lyrics were commissioned from the writing team, usually Dave Cohen. These were rewritten as needed under Norris ' supervision to ensure as much factual information as possible was included. Webb then composed and recorded	recorded	VERB	each	DET	 each
They measure up to 300 by 10 – 25 μm, but are shorter in the upper regions of the stem. Clamp connections are present in the hyphae of all tissues. The two other luminescent species of Mycena section Exornatae are similar in appearance to M. chlorophos.	.	PUNCT	M.	NOUN	 M.
Dead or Alive 5 Last Round pre order bonuses included Ayane's special " Ninja 2015 " masked outfit at Amazon, Best Buy and GameStop, with an additional skimpy " Aloha " costume available at GameStop only. A demo version of Dead or Alive 5 featuring Ayane	Ayane	PROPN	and	CCONJ	 and
Celtic law made specific provision with regards to cabbages and leeks, stating that they should be enclosed by fences for protection against wandering cattle. The two green vegetables were the only ones mentioned specifically in the laws, though uncultivated plants were still likely to be used in	in	ADP	their	PRON	 their
Perhaps Brodie ’ s book was most influential in stimulating Oliver Stone to create his controversial 1995 movie Nixon. Brodie died nine months before publication of the book. As death neared, the cancer spread to her brain and bones, and Brodie experienced intense pain. During	During	ADP	this	DET	 this
A new type of sensory organ has been analyzed on the head of Proteus, utilizing light and electron microscopy. These new organs have been described as ampullary organs. Like some other lower vertebrates, the olm has the ability to register weak electric fields. Some behavioral	behavioral	ADJ	experiments	NOUN	 experiments
Harold, the most powerful English noble, took the initiative and was crowned king on 6 January. William, lacking Harold's proximity to the centres of English royal government, gathered troops and prepared an invasion fleet. He invaded England in October, and subsequently defeated	defeated	VERB	and	CCONJ	 and
Ironside began on 23 May 1944 with the aim of having the threat established by 29 May and continued until 28 June (22 days after the Normandy landings). It was implemented via double agents, in Britain and the United States, under the control of the	the	DET	Twenty	PROPN	 Twenty
By the late 1990s the population of the metropolitan area had reached 1.4 million, and - while the city itself now has a population (2013) of about 1,300,000 - with suburbs lying outside the city limits it had grown to almost 2.1 million in 2013. The	The	DET	metropolitan	ADJ	 metropolitan
By 1946, Tim Mara had given over complete control of the team to his sons. Jack, the older son, controlled the business aspects, while Wellington concentrated on the on field operations. In that same year, NBC televised the Giants game versus the Green	Green	PROPN	Bay	PROPN	 Bay
Meat could be up to four times as expensive as bread. Fish was up to 16 times as costly, and was expensive even for coastal populations. This meant that fasts could mean an especially meager diet for those who could not afford alternatives to meat and animal	animal	NOUN	products	NOUN	 products
A legend told by Pickett's widow stated that when the Union Army marched into Richmond, she received a surprise visitor. He acted graciously and inquired whether he had found the Pickett house. Abraham Lincoln himself had come to determine the fate of an old acquaintance before	before	ADP	the	DET	 the
As reported, HM Revenue and Customs are in the process of an inquiry at Hull City AFC, as part of the British tax authorities ' targeting of football clubs over " tax free payments to players under image rights ' deals and the provision of benefits in kind	kind	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
They were joined in " Divergence " by Wayne Grace as Krell. Grace had previously appeared across the franchise including in a voice role in the computer game Star Trek: Klingon Academy, a Cardassian in the Star Trek: Deep Space Nine episode " Wrongs Darker Than	Than	ADP	Death	PROPN	 Death
The authors of the book I Can't Believe It's a Bigger and Better Updated Unofficial Simpsons Guide, Warren Martyn and Adrian Wood, wrote, " Probably the least satisfying of Sideshow Bob's gleamings - but there's enough slapstick and satire to keep things ticking	ticking	VERB	along	ADV	 along
The instrument as it now stands has 63 speaking stops over four manuals and pedals, and is built largely on the Werkprinzip principle of organ layout: the case is only one department deep, except for parts of the Pedal sited at the back rather than the sides	sides	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
On Uplift, Slovak experimented with genres outside of traditional funk music including reggae and speed metal. His guitar riffs would often serve as the basis of the group's songs, with the other members writing their parts to complement his guitar work. His melodic riff featured	featured	VERB	in	ADP	 in
Reviews however indicate that the show's cryptic mythology and inaccessibility to the casual viewer were major factors. Nevertheless, Carnivàle was sold to several foreign networks and was distributed to HBO channels abroad. The DVD releases of Carnivàle extended the availability of the show further. On	On	ADP	June	PROPN	 June
On July 12, it was announced that the deadline for a permit decision by the DEQ has been extended until October 1, 2012, with the permission of the MCRC; state law allows a permit applicant to approve or request such extensions. The MCRC has stated	stated	VERB	that	SCONJ	 that
However, the failure of the plot led to the attainder of the Ruthven family, and the castle was forfeited once again. Dirleton was granted to Thomas Erskine of Gogar, who had killed Lord Gowrie and helped to save the King, although Lady Dorothea was permitted	permitted	VERB	to	PART	 to
Despite being granted a mansion to live in my the king of Na, Gustave is still resentful of his rejection and lack of magical powers. At age seventeen he apprentices as a blacksmith and learns to fight, and it is during his period his mother dies.	.	PUNCT	He	PRON	 He
During a match against her former team in the WPS, the Chicago Red Stars, Rapinoe played a direct role in all of Seattle's four goals – leading the team to a 4 – 1 win over Chicago. After scoring two goals and serving one assist during	during	ADP	the	DET	 the
As of April 2016, it has sold 4,100,000 digital downloads in the US. " Born This Way " debuted at number 14 on the Billboard Pop Songs chart with 4,602 plays after three days of availability, the highest detections total by a debuting song in the chart	chart	NOUN	's	PART	's
In the evening, after the ceremony, the royal family decided to leave their palace in Athens for Tatoi, but city residents opposed the exile of their sovereign and crowds formed outside the palace to prevent Constantine and his family from leaving. On 12 June, the	the	DET	former	ADJ	 former
That was the first case in history that a real person had been described as a vampire. During the 18th century, there was a frenzy of vampire sightings in Eastern Europe, with frequent stakings and grave diggings to identify and kill the potential revenants. Even government	government	NOUN	officials	NOUN	 officials
The official " No " brochure, written by the Quebec Liberals, stated that Quebec was a distinct society, and that Quebec should enjoy full autonomy in areas of provincial jurisdiction. Parizeau, while speaking in Hull, challenged Chrétien to tell voters that, if "	"	PUNCT	No	DET	 No
Other common names for this species are the itar shark and the blind shark (also used for Brachaelurus waddi). Goto's 2002 morphological analysis of the carpet sharks showed the genus Hemiscyllium as a polytomy, meaning that the phylogenetic relationships between the epaulette shark and its	its	PRON	sister	NOUN	 sister
Instead, Raimi's Felicia was expected to become a new superpowered figure called the Vulturess. However, several years later, in 2013, Raimi stated that Anne Hathaway was going to be Black Cat if Spider Man 4 had been made. Concept art revealed in June	June	PROPN	2016	NUM	 2016
So I was 100 percent behind it. " Streep said Wintour was " probably more upset by the book than the film. " Weisberger's novel had been translated into 37 different languages, giving the movie a strong potential foreign audience. The international box office would	would	AUX	ultimately	ADV	 ultimately
Turning to the north, Zeb brushed the east coast of Taiwan at a reduced intensity, and after accelerating to the northeast it moved through Japan. It became extratropical on October 18 and moved eastward over open waters. First affecting the Philippines, Zeb dropped torrential rainfall	rainfall	NOUN	in	ADP	 in
The airline's president Brad Tilden officially became the new CEO on May 15, 2012. On March 9, 2012, Alaska Airlines began service from Seattle to Kansas City and on June 11, 2012 began service to Philadelphia. Seattle Miami flights ended on July 15	15	NUM	,	PUNCT	,
The new school was initially characterized in form by drum machine led minimalism, often tinged with elements of rock. It was notable for taunts and boasts about rapping, and socio political commentary, both delivered in an aggressive, self assertive style. In image as in	in	ADP	song	NOUN	 song
Pairs of coins are sometimes found in burials, including cremation urns; among the collections of the British Museum is an urn from Athens, ca. 300 BC, that contained cremated remains, two obols, and a terracotta figure of a mourning siren. Ancient Greek	Greek	PROPN	and	CCONJ	 and
The party did not have the required super majority in the Congress to call for it. The PJ was divided, as other politicians intended to replace Menem in 1995, or negotiate their support. The UCR was divided as well, as Alfonsín opposed the proposal,	,	PUNCT	but	CCONJ	 but
The Raid on Yarmouth, which took place in November 1914, was an attack by the German Navy on the British North Sea port and town of Great Yarmouth. Little damage was done to the town itself, since shells only landed on the beach once German ships	ships	NOUN	laying	VERB	 laying
Because of his status, Clolarion was chosen to take part in the purifier program. His mind was scanned into a robotic shell, in an attempt to recreate and preserve the greatest warriors of the Templar. The Clolarion purifier was sealed in Cybros along with the rest	rest	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
Totor suddenly has an idea to use the treasure he found as a ransom for his aunt. The two of them set out to go fetch it, but along the way a criminal steals their map while they sleep. After discovering the loss of their jewels they	they	PRON	follow	VERB	 follow
Whilst at Skinners ' he published words he had written for the school song, set to music by Cuthbert H. Cronk, which persist to the present day. Although it was not his initial intention, in 1893 he took up a post as private tutor to a	a	DET	student	NOUN	 student
Production Bob Ludwig – mastering Chab (Antoine Chabert) - mastering Paul Hahn – management Cédric Hervet – creative director, cover art Warren Fu – cover art, illustrations Mick Guzauski – recording, mixing engineer Peter Franco – recording engineer Florian Lagatta – recording engineer Daniel Lerner	Lerner	PROPN	–	PUNCT	 –
He was nicknamed " Black Jack " in tribute to his dark looks, but a " shaky reputation " as an aviator also earned him the epithet " Crasher ". On 10 November 1925, he married Murielle Burke; the couple had a son and two daughters	daughters	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
The dictator also has an element of mystery about him — it seems that no one knows where he is because he occupies several houses on the outskirts of the town. Mystery also surrounds the questions of when and how he sleeps. In the novel, rumors abound	abound	VERB	that	SCONJ	 that
The Choir are notable for attracting well known, often international singers to their annual Spring concert as guests. In recent years these have included, Jamie McDougall, Karen Cargill, Gordon Cree, Cheryl Forbes and Colette Ruddy. March 2012 saw international diva Lesley Garrett as	as	ADP	the	DET	 the
In the fall of 1851, Tubman returned to Dorchester County for the first time since her escape, this time to find her husband, John. She once again saved money from various jobs, purchased a suit for him, and made her way south. John	John	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
It took some time for the British squadron to effect repairs on their ships and prizes in preparation for the journey back to Britain. They had suffered light casualties of nine killed and 29 wounded, but among the more seriously injured was Hood, whose arm had been	been	AUX	amputated	VERB	 amputated
Long epic poetry was not a popular genre in North Korea before Mt. Paektu, but it was in the Soviet Union where Cho had immigrated from. Poema and Mayakovsky's prosody and poetry were also among Cho's influences that can be seen in Mt. Paektu. These	These	DET	Russian	ADJ	 Russian
Russia denied using cluster bombs. HRW reported that during the war, ethnic Georgian villages in South Ossetia were burned and looted by South Ossetian militias, preventing 20,000 displaced people from returning after the conflict. According to the Memorial society, the villages of Kekhvi, Kurta	Kurta	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
One day, a spaceship crashes near the inn. The dying pilot, Billy Bones, gives Jim a sphere and tells him to " beware the cyborg ". After this, a gang of pirates raid and burn the inn. Jim, his mother, and	and	CCONJ	their	PRON	 their
" Stephanie Benson of Rhapsody comments that his lyrics are " full of stifling dissatisfaction and boozy philosophy ". " I'm Her Slave " is a heroin anecdote with lyrics narrated by a subjugate lover. Music critic Greg Kot cites " Turn On the Water " as	as	ADP	an	DET	 an
" At her insistence, Strindberg began divorce proceedings. The relationship of Strindberg and Bosse was highly dramatic. Strindberg would lurch back and forth from adoration of Bosse as the regenerator of his creativity (" lovely, amiable, and kind ") to a wild jealousy	jealousy	NOUN	(	PUNCT	 (
Shortly before the end of the 1988 – 89 regular season, Flames general manager Cliff Fletcher announced that he had reached an agreement with Soviet authorities that allowed Sergei Pryakhin to play in North America. It was the first time a member of the Soviet national team was	was	AUX	permitted	VERB	 permitted
Both Buczynski biographer Michael Lloyd and researcher Philip Heselton have expressed doubt that Jana was ever a real figure operating in England, instead suggesting that she was perhaps an invention of Buczynski's to legitimize his practice of Gardnerian Wica. Buczynski welcomed a number of friends and flatmates	flatmates	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
At the 2014 MTV Video Music Awards, Beyoncé performed " No Angel " live during a medley of songs from her fifth studio album. Beyoncé met with Polachek's bandmate of Chairlift, Patrick Wimberly, who collaborated with her sister Solange Knowles at that time and went	went	VERB	with	ADP	 with
So I gave her the talk and I wrote a song. " She later revealed that the song was written for American pop singers Britney Spears and Christina Aguilera adding, " At this point, everybody knows that Britney is fake. The song is not about Britney	Britney	PROPN	Spears	PROPN	 Spears
Many classrooms were added in the lower auditorium, and the building was dedicated as the " Talmud Torah of Williamsburg " in December. In 1917, Gold was one of the founders of Yeshiva Torah Vodaas, and was its first president. He would serve at Beth	Beth	PROPN	Jacob	PROPN	 Jacob
However, to compensate for the flaw, Orochimaru devised the Cursed Seals by infusing his Senjutsu Chakra into the enzymes he extracted from Jugo's body. From there, Orochimaru proceeded to bestow his Cursed Seals to those he intended to use as his strong and loyal followers	followers	NOUN	due	ADP	 due
Bumgarner has been a Baptist since his childhood. Andrew Baggarly, a reporter who covers the Giants, wrote of Bumgarner, " While I wouldn't describe him as outgoing, he struck me as being smart, well spoken and polite. He is deeply Christian and	and	CCONJ	seems	VERB	 seems
Headley arrived in Australia as a primarily off side player which accounted for his difficulty against the Australian bowlers ' tactics. However, James notes: " What he did, under fire, so to speak, was to reorganise his batting to meet the new attack.	.	PUNCT	"	PUNCT	 "
At one point owned by Sir Andrew Judd, the site consisted of 8 acres (3.2 ha) of land, which according to Taylor (1988) sloped " gently from the road to the rear of the site ". Plans, by Campbell Jones, were	were	AUX	submitted	VERB	 submitted
In order to stall for time during the telethon, Leslie starts talking about her favorite episodes of Friends, a sitcom that previously aired on NBC. She specifically refers to the fourth season episode " The One with Chandler in a Box ", in which Monica Geller	Geller	PROPN	prepares	VERB	 prepares
France drew up a plan to partition Austria between Prussia, Bavaria, Saxony and Spain. Marshall Belle Isle joined Frederick at Olmütz. Vienna was in a panic, as none of Maria Theresa's advisors expected France to betray them. Francis Stephen urged Maria Theresa to	to	PART	reach	VERB	 reach
The unworkable command and control structure of separate U.S. military special operations forces (SOF), which led to the failure of Operation Eagle Claw in 1980, highlighted the need within the Department of Defense for reform and reorganization. Since the incident, the Army Chief of	of	ADP	Staff	PROPN	 Staff
He saw less than a dozen towels while players were going through pre game warm ups. Cope recalls, " Nearing kickoff, the Steelers gathered in their tunnel for introductions, whereupon the crowd exploded — and suddenly, by my estimation, 30,000 Terrible Towels twirled from	from	ADP	the	DET	 the
Timber yields were poorer than had been projected. Great Southern's baseline projection had been 250 tonnes of woodchips per hectare, but an assessment in 2003 suggested that in most plantations yield would be reduced: in some cases to less than half the planned figure. The	The	DET	company	NOUN	 company
In reviews, Yahoo! Music said that, through the video, " [Farmer] invites us into her dark and magical universe ", and Premiere deemed it " mysterious, provocative ". Considering it a short film, Cachin praised the music video as being	being	AUX	"	PUNCT	 "
Kadena Air Base moved various aircraft to other undisclosed locations in the Pacific. Sasebo Naval Base declared TCCOR 1 E on September 17. The USS Harpers Ferry (LSD 49) and USS Juneau (LPD 10) both left the base, while the USS Patriot (	(	PUNCT	MCM	PROPN	MCM
Kerr compared the effect to that created by the patterns on a series of land animals, the giraffe, zebra and jaguar. Taking up the zebra example, Kerr proposed that the vertical lines of ships ' masts be disrupted with irregular white bands. Hiding these would	would	AUX	make	VERB	 make
It also supported the idea that the Earth's climate had changed over time as Brogniart concluded that plant fossils showed that during the Carboniferous the climate of Northern Europe must have been tropical. The increasing attention being paid to fossil plants in the first decades of the 19th	19th	ADJ	century	NOUN	 century
It is spoken by over 10 million people and is the official language of the Czech Republic. Czech's closest relative is Slovak, with which it is mutually intelligible. It is closely related to other West Slavic languages, such as Silesian and Polish. Although most	most	ADJ	Czech	ADJ	 Czech
It has been argued that younger Norwegian players are used to artificial turf and that in the future they will need better pitches to play " finer " football. In 2010, seven of sixteen premiership stadiums used artificial turf; commentators have stated that if Ullevaal converted,	,	PUNCT	it	PRON	 it
Pistorius had both his legs amputated below the knee and races with two carbon fibre blades manufactured by Ossur. He holds Paralympic world record in the 400 meter event. Pistorius missed qualifying for the 2008 Summer Olympics in the 400 meter race, by 0.70 seconds. He	He	PRON	qualified	VERB	 qualified
The film won several awards on release including Best Film award at Maharashtra State Film Awards, MICTA, and 11th Pune International Film Festival. It is also the first Marathi film to have a home media release in Blu ray. With the success of Kaksparsh, a	a	DET	Hindi	PROPN	 Hindi
The only exceptions to this were the Apollo 13 LM which burned up in the Earth's atmosphere, and Apollo 16, where a loss of attitude control after jettison prevented making a targeted impact. Two Block I CSMs were launched from LC 34 on suborbital flights in	in	ADP	1966	NUM	 1966
The blockade of Peiraeus by the French and British fleets also led to the imposition of Kallergis as Minister of War, despite his previous attempts at overthrowing the King. Thus, Kallergis used his newly acquired influence to have Makriyannis released. Makriyannis suffered greatly in prison,	,	PUNCT	and	CCONJ	 and
Yet he was troubled, struggling to come to terms with his sexuality, which was predominantly gay. His first serious affair was with the painter Richard Chanlaire, to whom he sent a copy of the Concert champêtre score inscribed, " You have changed my life,	,	PUNCT	you	PRON	 you
There is also a flour mill, milk depot, marketing and advertising agency and an industrial clothing shop as well as Higher Kings Mill. The town has an annual Christmas parade to celebrate the switching on of the town's Christmas lights and a festival week in the	the	DET	summer	NOUN	 summer
He currently resides in Miami, Florida and enjoys working out, eating healthily, and playing golf; his favorite pastime is playing guitar and he finds composing songs therapeutic. During his musical career, Pulido's fans questioned his sexuality; he said he is not homosexual	homosexual	ADJ	but	CCONJ	 but
The former's inclusion was also done due to the character's popularity in Japan. Nomura has stated that the themes of the game are trust and friendship, and that like Birth by Sleep, the story is on par with that of a numbered title. As	As	ADP	a	DET	 a
The additional possibility of the capital being bombarded forced the National Congress of Brazil to give in to the rebels ' demands. The demands included the abolition of flogging, improved living conditions, and the granting of amnesty to all mutineers. The government also issued official pardons	pardons	NOUN	and	CCONJ	 and
The Ravenna Cosmography utilises a 3rd- or 4th century Roman map and identifies four loci (meeting places, possibly markets) in southern Scotland. Locus Maponi is possibly the modern Lochmabenstane near Gretna which continued to be used as a muster point well into the historic period.	.	PUNCT	Two	NUM	 Two
Moyler felt that the combination of " I Can't Go for That " and " You Make My Dreams " was " an abomination " and " New Directions at their worst ". He summarized: " The outfits are hokey, the dance is silly, and	and	CCONJ	the	DET	 the
Australia went through the remaining tour matches unbeaten to end the summer without a defeat. After the tour, Bradman was full of praise for Miller, though somewhat critical of his aggressive batting: One of the most volatile cricketers of any age. Long, rangy,	,	PUNCT	athletic	ADJ	 athletic
The engineers considered lack of sufficient training such a safety risk that it would not be secure to operate on the lines. At the same time, NSB announced that they would stop operating trains on the Bratsberg Line from 20 October. Timetoget started negotiations with the Swedish	Swedish	ADJ	company	NOUN	 company
These winds damaged the food supply on two islands. Later, Higos moved across Japan with wind gusts as strong as 161 km / h (100 mph), including record gusts at several locations. A total of 608,130 buildings in the country were left without power	power	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
The likewise very common Lactarius deliciosus is similar in appearance. Lactarius deterrimus differs basically from the first because its flesh becomes reddish within 10 minutes and in about 30 minutes dark maroon, caused by the discolouration of the milk. The milk of L. deliciosus stays orange or	or	CCONJ	becomes	VERB	 becomes
July 3 – 6, 1986, was designated " Liberty Weekend ", marking the centennial of the statue and its reopening. President Reagan presided over the rededication, with French President François Mitterrand in attendance. July 4 saw a reprise of Operation Sail, and the	the	DET	statue	NOUN	 statue
The column was to storm the Fort 74. The right column was commanded by Col. Roth and was composed of a reinforced Nieśwież Infantry Regiment (1278 men), with the 4th Jäger Regiment (900 men), Guards Rifle Regiment (1353 men) and	and	CCONJ	the	DET	 the
Previously, Fellheimer had been influential in the design of Grand Central Terminal in New York City, and both architects collaborated on several railroad stations for the New York Central Railroad, including Buffalo Central Terminal in 1929 and Cincinnati Union Terminal in 1933. The main building of	of	ADP	Erie	PROPN	 Erie
Doctors, for instance, can increase skills related to healing much higher than a Soldier because of these additional resources. Perks are chosen from a menu when the character reaches certain levels. Alien perks are gained when the player kills enough of a specific type of alien	alien	ADJ	enemy	NOUN	 enemy
It is a reboot of the Syndicate series of real time tactical shooter games developed by Bullfrog Productions. The game was released in February 2012 worldwide. Set in the year 2069, the narrative revolves around Miles Kilo, an agent of EuroCorp, one of the world	world	NOUN	's	PART	's
In 1999, IGN described the graphics of the PlayStation re release as " beautiful and stunning ", reflecting that, at the time of its release, " Final Fantasy III... represented everything an RPG should be ", inspiring statistic growth systems that would later influence	influence	VERB	titles	NOUN	 titles
Madrox's wardrobe invoked the symbols worn in his comics costume. Other actors who portrayed mutants were: Meiling Melançon as Psylocke, a mutant with the ability to teleport herself through areas of shadow; Omahyra Mota as Arclight, a mutant who has the ability to generate	generate	VERB	shock	NOUN	 shock
TV Guide also found the animation somewhat flat, but considered the sound effects and backgrounds to be state of the art. The show's sound was warmly received by the industry. Episodes " Nuclear Netherworld " and " Alien in Washington " were nominated respectively for music	music	NOUN	and	CCONJ	 and
In 1994, Milford Prewitt praised the " crafty and well timed repositioning " in Nation's Restaurant News. On the other hand, a 2005 editorial in Advertising Age stated, " the chain's jettisoning of a venerable name — and distancing from the word fried —	—	PUNCT	was	AUX	 was
" While " The Fight " aired in the show's regular 9: 30 p.m. timeslot, " Road Trip " immediately followed it at 10 p.m. In its original American broadcast, " Road Trip " was seen by an estimated 3.5 million household viewers, according to	to	ADP	Nielsen	PROPN	 Nielsen
Television Without Pity's Cindy McLennan wished they had not killed Graham, but gave credit to the writers for making her care about him. She concluded, " Episodes like this give me strong hope for the second part of this season, one nighters and all.	.	PUNCT	Bring	VERB	 Bring
The fences represent exclusion and barriers, while the windows are opportunities for expressing alternative ideas. The book garnered both positive and negative reviews. Two of the articles were singled out as exceptional by several reviewers: " America is not a Hamburger " discusses the US State	State	PROPN	Department	PROPN	 Department
That's what it's about... winning. Mitzeee crossed her - she is dispensable but Riley... well, Riley is the prize. Mercedes Fisher usually gets what she wants and men usually fall in line with her. I want to see what happens when they	they	PRON	do	VERB	 do
He assisted 50 Scientologists in filing separate lawsuits against the organization Cult Awareness Network (CAN), which led to the bankruptcy of the organization. He represented the plaintiff in the Jason Scott case against CAN and cult deprogrammer Rick Ross. A Scientology publication said Moxon had	had	AUX	used	VERB	 used
When hunting sea turtles, they appear to simply bite through the carapace around a flipper, immobilizing the turtle. The heaviest species of bony fish, the oceanic sunfish (Mola mola), has been found in great white shark stomachs. Off Seal Island, False	False	PROPN	Bay	PROPN	 Bay
The activists carried banners reading " Boycott occupation and its products. " Al Tamimi was arrested during the protest, which the Israeli police called " an illegal demonstration. " Amnesty International again described him as a prisoner of conscience, stating " Once again, Bassem Tamimi	Tamimi	PROPN	is	AUX	 is
Wordsworth's voice slowly disappears from the poems as they progress, and his voice is entirely absent from the fifth poem. His love operates on the subconscious level, and he relates to Lucy more as a spirit of nature than as a human being. The poet	poet	NOUN	's	PART	's
Writers such as Sarmiento used the power of the written word in order to criticize government, using literature as a tool, an instance of resistance and as a weapon against repression. Making use of the connection between writing and power was one of Sarmiento's strategies.	.	PUNCT	For	ADP	 For
Luckman was born in Brooklyn, New York, to Jewish immigrants from Germany. His father sparked his interest in football at age eight, by giving him a football to play with. He and his parents lived in a residence near Prospect Park and it was here	here	ADV	as	ADP	 as
Accounts submitted by the Rome organizers showed they lost money on the Olympics; the IOC would have received a portion of the profits, and had no money to offer the sports federations who wanted a percentage of the proceeds. In future years, the sale of television	television	NOUN	rights	NOUN	 rights
Every minute seemed an age. Then on the starboard side of the enemy by the forward turret, and then the after turret there rose columns of water to be followed immediately by flashes of bright red flame. Then another column of water arose from alongside the Number	Number	PROPN	2	NUM	 2
Its initial flight tests, conducted by the manufacturer between 1 July and 5 October, were a disappointment as it could only reach a speed of 560 km / h (348 mph) at 7,500 metres (24,606 ft), 104 km / h (65 mph	mph	NOUN	)	PUNCT	)
Collecting three of these masks in a row grants Crash temporary invulnerability from all minor dangers. Arrow boxes (marked with arrows pointing up) propel Crash further than his ordinary jump can, while TNT boxes explode after a three second fuse when jumped on. Boxes with	with	ADP	an	DET	 an
Anna asks for Elsa's blessing to marry Hans, but she refuses and criticizes her for engaging with someone she has just met. This raises an argument between the two with Anna losing her temper, culminating in Elsa getting angry and accidentally exposing her abilities. Upon	Upon	SCONJ	the	DET	 the
The U.S. Geological Survey's study of the environmental impact of the jetport started, " Development of the proposed jetport and its attendant facilities... will inexorably destroy the south Florida ecosystem and thus the Everglades National Park ". The jetport was intended to support a community of	of	ADP	a	DET	 a
The mountain is said to have the shape of a reclining elephant. The monastery includes Buddha halls, palace residences, Buddhist colleges and other buildings. Drepung Monastery in Chengguan District was founded in 1416 by Jamyang Choge Tashi Palden (1397 – 1449), one of	of	ADP	Tsongkhapa	PROPN	 Tsongkhapa
Services had decreased to ten per day each direction by 2005, but have since increased to twenty four trains per day. Redland railway station is on the Severn Beach Line, serving the areas of Cotham and Redland, Bristol. The surrounding area is mostly residential,	,	PUNCT	with	ADP	 with
This system has an unplanned benefit for snow removal; if the streets were in a normal N – S / E – W grid, only the N – S streets would receive sunlight. With the grid oriented to the diagonal directions, the NW – SE streets	streets	NOUN	receive	VERB	 receive
The park then reopens only on weekends until the end of October or early November for a Halloween themed event known as HalloWeekends. Other attractions near the park include a one mile long (1.6 km) white sand beach, an outdoor water park called Soak City,	,	PUNCT	an	DET	 an
Thirteen distinct rings are presently known, the brightest being the ε ring. All except two rings of Uranus are extremely narrow – they are usually a few kilometres wide. The rings are probably quite young; the dynamics considerations indicate that they did not form with Uranus	Uranus	PROPN	.	PUNCT	.
He compared the site's aggregate scores, based on critical and audience consensus, for films released in January, February, and March from 2000 to 2009. January averaged the fewest releases of the three, and the lowest average scores. Of the 88 films released	released	VERB	in	ADP	 in
White markings are rare and generally limited to small areas on the face and lower legs. Equestrian author Marguerite Henry described the breed by saying, " His color is bright chestnut – like a tongue of fire against black field furrows, against green corn blades, against	against	ADP	yellow	ADJ	 yellow
A prospectus was issued on 23 June 1753, and with a class of approximately 20 students, the first set of lectures were completed by July 1754. Despite Blackstone's limited oratory skills and a speaking style described by Jeremy Bentham as " formal, precise and affected	affected	VERB	"	PUNCT	 "
Weisz responded: I completely understand. It would be just too harrowing for people to watch. What actually happened was so much worse. I mean the stories I could tell you from the first person who encountered these young women. That was the " light "	"	PUNCT	version	NOUN	 version
The 3,360.3 km (2,088 mi) -long race started in Utrecht, the Netherlands, on 4 July 2015, and concluded with the Champs Élysées stage in Paris, on 26 July. A total of 198 riders from 22 teams entered the 21 stage race, which	which	PRON	was	AUX	 was
While the BS & WR raised money, it continued to develop the plans for its route. The November 1895 bill sought powers to modify the planned route of the tunnels at the Baker Street end of the line and extend them approximately 200 metres (660 ft)	)	PUNCT	beyond	ADP	 beyond
The exposure curling, freestyle skiing and short track speed skating gained in Calgary influenced the growth in their popularity and led to all three becoming full medal sports by 1998. Hosting the Games helped fuel a significant increase in Calgary's reputation on the world stage. Crosbie	Crosbie	PROPN	Cotton	PROPN	 Cotton
On November 1, 1776 he transferred to the 8th Massachusetts Regiment, where he was promoted to lieutenant colonel. The 8th Massachusetts was among the forces Benedict Arnold led in relief of the Siege of Fort Stanwix in upstate New York, and was present at the Battles	Battles	PROPN	of	ADP	 of
Despite this, scholar Lynn Z. Bloom asserted that Angelou's autobiographies and lectures, which he called " ranging in tone from warmly humorous to bitterly satiric ", have gained a respectful and enthusiastic response from the general public and critics. I know why the caged bird	bird	NOUN	sings	NOUN	 sings
" Hazlitt's enthusiastic explanation of how Falstaff's fatness contributes to our amused sympathy with him was later especially admired by the critic John Dover Wilson. And John Kinnaird considered the " sketch of Falstaff " in this essay to be a " masterpiece ", " a	a	DET	brilliant	ADJ	 brilliant
Alonso's father particularly felt the move to the smaller club improved him as a player. A quick turnover of managers, however, including a two month period with Periko Alonso in charge, left Real Sociedad in a dire situation. By January 2001, Real Sociedad	Sociedad	PROPN	were	AUX	 were
There he crossed the East River again and then hovered over Greenpoint. The reporter flew the sky cycle until almost dark and landed safely at the property of P.B. Gupther in Yonkers. Gupther helped the reporter deflate the balloon and pack the airship down to the size of	of	ADP	a	DET	 a
He was also delegated, along with General Artemas Ward, to meet George Washington in Springfield and escort him to the army camps outside Boston. Because of his prominence in Worcester County Gill was appointed to the county's district court when it was reorganized after the revolution	revolution	NOUN	began	VERB	 began
It focuses on a dinner party between four people with very different backgrounds. As discussion turns to politics and religion, the mood quickly becomes heated. Described as a " combustible powder keg of identity politics, " the play depicts racial and ethnic prejudices that " secretly	secretly	ADV	persist	VERB	 persist
Clifton James as Sheriff J.W. Pepper: An uncouth Louisiana sheriff. Geoffrey Holder as Baron Samedi: Kananga's henchman who has ties to the Voodoo occult. Bernard Lee as M: The Head of the Secret Intelligence Service Roy Stewart as Quarrel Jr.: Bond's ally	ally	NOUN	in	ADP	 in
" AllMusic's Stephen Thomas Erlewine said that unlike their previous two albums, " there is no grappling with new sounds and styles, only an embrace of the thick aural onslaught of " Stupid Girl " and " Vow ". He complimented Manson's " keenly aware	aware	ADJ	lyrics	NOUN	 lyrics
Members of this camp allege that this action forced a shift in the previously neutral U.S. forces by convincing local Lebanese Muslims that the United States had taken the Christian side; New Jersey's shells had killed hundreds of people, mostly Shiites and Druze. In his memoir	memoir	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
Despite these additional funds the women of the Hospice were still forced to do odd jobs outside the hospice to make ends meet. Cadron Jetté during this time undertook occasional work as a shoemaker. Elections were held within the community on November 6, 1846, with the	the	DET	result	NOUN	 result
She asked him not to do so in her lifetime, and Seidler halted the project. The Queen Mother died in 2002. Three years later, Seidler returned to the story during a bout of creative work inspired by a recovery from cancer. His research, including	including	VERB	a	DET	 a
Revenue from retail operations at Melbourne Airport broke the $100 million mark for the first time in 2004, this being a 100 per cent increase in revenue since the first year of privatisation. Widening of the main north – south runway by 15 m (49 ft	ft	PROPN	)	PUNCT	)
Melinda Newman of HitFix called the video " undeniably steamy ". Emily Hewett of the Metro wrote that the video featured " flawless dance moves " from Brown. Robbie Daw of Idolator noted that Brown " makes things real sexy " in the video, but was unsure	unsure	ADJ	if	SCONJ	 if
Ganteaume ordered his ships to pursue, and the strange ship was discovered to be the British ship of the line HMS Swiftsure under Captain Benjamin Hallowell, which had been despatched by Keith to warn Warren's squadron that Ganteaume was in the Eastern Mediterranean. Although he attempted	attempted	VERB	a	DET	 a
Operation Nordlicht had come to an end at the beginning of January 1945, with only a few miles of Finnish territory remaining in German hands, and several isolated garrisons in Norwegian Finnmark. Soviet forces occupied eastern Finnmark, and the USSR asked that Western Allied forces be	be	AUX	landed	VERB	 landed
A study of the Southwestern Ojibwe (Chippewa) dialect spoken in Minnesota describes the status of the analogous vowels as unclear, noting that while the distribution of the long nasal vowels is restricted, there is a minimal pair distinguished only by the nasality of the vowel:	:	PUNCT	giiwe	NOUN	 giiwe
Specht however did not survive, dying five months before the war in Europe came to an end. After taking command of II. / JG 11, Specht led the group on every mission in which it participated. Following each mission, he wrote detailed and analytical	analytical	ADJ	mission	NOUN	 mission
Under the award's old format, he would have placed just outside the top three, owing his win to the votes from the international coaches and captains. Towards the end of the season, Barcelona played four controversial clásicos in the span of 18 days. A	A	DET	league	NOUN	 league
A week later on 2 May, Irving asserted that many of the diary documents appear to be genuine; at the same press conference, Irving took the opportunity to promote his translation of the memoirs of Hitler's physician Dr. Theodor Morell. Robert Harris, in his	his	PRON	book	NOUN	 book
By 1980, Cagney was contributing financially to the Republican Party, supporting his friend Ronald Reagan's bid for the presidency in the 1980 election. As he got older, he became more and more conservative, referring to himself in his autobiography as " arch conservative.	.	PUNCT	"	PUNCT	 "
It works by making people sleepy, decreasing anxiety, and causing a loss of ability to create new memories. It is also useful for the treatment of seizures. Midazolam can be given by mouth, intravenously, by injection into a muscle, sprayed into the nose	nose	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
Each clan has a specified area of land that all members contribute to foraging from and defending. Frequently, territory sizes, normally 4 to 6 hectares (10 to 15 acres), are correlated with the abundance of rain and resources in a region; smaller territories	territories	NOUN	occur	VERB	 occur
Jeff Tamarkin of AllMusic said that the album ignited the punk rock era, writing: " rock's mainstream didn't know what hit it. " Critic Joe S. Harrington declared that the album was a huge landmark for music history, proclaiming that " [it]	]	X	split	VERB	 split
She had two auxiliary boilers to provide steam for the steam engines that powered her pumps, ventilation fans and rotated the gun turrets. These engines, with their bore and stroke of 36 inches (914 mm), were larger than the main engines of the Passaic	Passaic	PROPN	class	NOUN	 class
... I have never purchased such a magazine, and [on only] two or three occasions have I ever picked one up. " He told Michaud and Aynsworth in 1980, and Hagmaier the night before he spoke to Dobson, that pornography played a negligible role	role	NOUN	in	ADP	 in
Bartholomew de Badlesmere, 1st Baron Badlesmere was responsible for the upkeep of Brougham Castle and some other Clifford properties including Appleby Castle. Between 1316 and 1318 he spent £363 on the garrisons at Brougham and Appleby, though was supported by the king who gave £1,270	1,270	NUM	towards	ADP	 towards
Hence, the Freikorps were in opposition to the new Weimar Republic, which was born as a result of the November Revolution, and whose founders were contemptuously called " November criminals ". Captain Ernst Röhm of the Reichswehr served as the liaison with the Bavarian Freikorps.	.	PUNCT	Röhm	PROPN	 Röhm
Sheppard handed " a paper to someone as he mounted the scaffold ", perhaps as a symbolic endorsement of the account in the " Narrative ". His slight build had aided his previous prison escapes, but it condemned him to a slow death by strangulation by the	the	DET	hangman	NOUN	 hangman
John Dudley was a typical Tudor Crown servant, self interested but absolutely loyal to the incumbent sovereign: The monarch's every wish was law. This uncritical stance may have played a decisive role in Northumberland's decision to implement Edward's succession device, as it did	did	VERB	in	ADP	 in
At the strip club, Leslie mistakenly refers to a stripper named Sierra by the name Seabiscuit, a champion thoroughbred racehorse. Reflecting on his marriage, Tom said, " At least we lasted longer than Avril Lavigne and that guy from Sum 41 ", a reference	reference	NOUN	to	ADP	 to
The Parthian Empire was enriched by taxing the Eurasian caravan trade in silk, the most highly priced luxury good imported by the Romans. Pearls were also a highly valued import from China, while the Chinese purchased Parthian spices, perfumes, and fruits. Exotic animals were	were	AUX	also	ADV	 also
Paula Pell, a producer and writer on the show, made her third appearance as the character Paula Hornberger, the wife of Pete Hornberger, played by Scott Adsit. The episode somewhat parodies the AIG bonus payments controversy that occurred in March 2009 when it was publicly	publicly	ADV	disclosed	VERB	 disclosed
Portland was seriously considered for a franchise, but investors failed to emerge. The expansion announcement prompted numerous applications from a wide variety of American cities. By the end of the expansion era, a minimum of 22 cities are reported to have been considered for teams.	.	PUNCT	Coincidentally	ADV	 Coincidentally
In addition, a limited edition Singapore 2010 Youth Olympic Games Commemorative Pack, which depicted the journey taken by the country since it won the bid to host the Games, featured an exclusive MyStamp Sheet of the mascots in all 26 sport poses. Lyo and Merly also	also	ADV	appeared	VERB	 appeared
While the Tao Te Ching is most famous, there are many other important texts in traditional Taoism. Taishang Ganying Pian (" Treatise of the Exalted One on Response and Retribution ") discusses sin and ethics, and has become a popular morality tract in the last	last	ADJ	few	ADJ	 few
After learning of his ability to summon a Persona, he joins SEES, which is composed of students at his school: Yukari Takeba, a popular, cheerful girl; Akihiko Sanada, a calm and collected senior who leads the school's boxing team; and Mitsuru	Mitsuru	PROPN	Kirijo	PROPN	 Kirijo
It was directed by Kim Manners and written by series creator Chris Carter and Frank Spotnitz. The installment explores the series ' overarching mythology and is the conclusion of a two part episode revolving around the final revelation of what really happened to Fox Mulder's (David Duchovny	Duchovny	PROPN	)	PUNCT	)
The fathers mentioned the " Indians ' crops " were being damaged by the San Jose settlers ' livestock and also mentioned settlers " getting mixed up with the livestock belonging to the Indians from the mission. " They also stated the Mission Indians had property and rights to	to	PART	defend	VERB	 defend
By early September, without Soviet aid, the uprising was doomed. While capitulation talks were already in progress, the Germans took the suburb of Żoliborz on September 30. The final surrender agreement was concluded on October 2, by the commander of the Home Army in	in	ADP	Warsaw	PROPN	 Warsaw
Second in command Albert Armitage, a merchant officer, was offered the chance to go home on compassionate grounds, but chose to interpret the offer as a personal slight, and refused. Armitage also promoted the idea that the decision to send Shackleton home on the relief	relief	NOUN	ship	NOUN	 ship
But in the end it sounded bloody marvellous. There was a unification of sound on [Led] Zeppelin II because there was one guy in charge and that was Mr. Page. " Page and Kramer spent two days mixing the album at A & R Studios.	.	PUNCT	One	NUM	 One
Some of these expeditions have had their idiosyncrasies. After Gurudial Singh led a successful climb of Trisul, he performed a headstand asana on the summit as a tribute to the Hindu god Shiva, who is said to abide there. Holdsworth has been claimed to hold the	the	DET	high	ADJ	 high
Another notable tomb from this dynasty is KV19, the tomb of Mentuherkhepshef (son of Ramesses IX). The tomb is small and is simply a converted, unfinished corridor, but the decoration is extensive and the tomb has been newly restored and open for visitors.	.	PUNCT	By	ADP	 By
Eight dummy operations, involving around 450 sorties, were made from 22 January to 10 February to train for the mission. It is unclear whether the British were aware of these training missions. To disrupt British radio transmissions, Wolfgang Martini's unit, the Funkhorchdienst (	(	PUNCT	Radio	PROPN	Radio
A video was shown on MTV combining the music videos for " Rain ", " You'll See ", I Want You ", " Take a Bow " and " La Isla Bonita ". Madonna has also never performed the song live since its release.	.	PUNCT	In	ADP	 In
Proponents of the purchase described how ownership of Joppenbergh would allow Rosendale to connect the Wallkill Valley Rail Trail with Main Street, and how property values near the mountain would increase. The town board agreed to the purchase in a 3 – 2 vote on April 13.	.	PUNCT	Although	SCONJ	 Although
This need, plus a desire to complete the ongoing Circle Three and Four construction programs, delayed initiation of the Circle Five plan. Following the Japanese navy's defeat at the Battle of Midway in June 1942, the Circle Five plan was significantly revised and Circle Six	Six	PROPN	was	AUX	 was
However, international versions produced by NTSC and PAL feature " My Hands " as the official theme song. Gabriel Zamora for Examiner.com wrote that despite sounding " loud " compared to Hamauzu's song, " My Hands " suits the nature of the video game and "	"	PUNCT	seems	VERB	 seems
Mukerji's performance was received favourably and she earned her second Filmfare nomination that year, this time for Best Supporting Actress. By the end of 2007, Mukerji's popularity had begun to wane. Rediff.com attributed this to her " monotonous pairing " with the same set	set	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
Molybdenum dusts and fumes, generated by mining or metalworking, can be toxic, especially if ingested (including dust trapped in the sinuses and later swallowed). Low levels of prolonged exposure can cause irritation to the eyes and skin. Direct inhalation or ingestion of molybdenum	molybdenum	NOUN	and	CCONJ	 and
One way to interpret the clause is by the intentionalist view. As stated by University of North Carolina School of Law professor Michael J. Gerhardt, this is the position that " the critical inquiry is not whether the letter of the law has been broken (it has	has	AUX	)	PUNCT	)
Tests in stronger gravitational fields are provided by the observation of binary pulsars. All results are in agreement with general relativity. However, at the current level of accuracy, these observations can not distinguish between general relativity and other theories in which the equivalence principle is valid	valid	ADJ	.	PUNCT	.
According to the record label this became one of the reasons that the Pixies never achieved major coverage on MTV. With Bossanova's release, 4AD hoped to get the Pixies chosen to perform their single " Velouria " on the BBC music programme Top of the Pops.	.	PUNCT	To	ADP	 To
Many other deaths occurred when they were crushed to death under collapsed houses or killed by flying debris. For instance, two people died when their house on Mindoro Island collapsed and a farmer in Quezon died after being hit by a falling coconut. Elsewhere on Midoro Island	Island	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
R. J. Buck has suggested that Thrasybulus suffered from an " anti democratic tradition of ancient historiography, " which led many writers to minimize the accomplishments of one of democracy's strongest advocates. Throughout his career, Thrasybulus defended democracy at Athens against its opponents. He was	was	AUX	one	NUM	 one
Species of Transandinomys live on the ground, are active during the night, eat both plant and animal matter, and construct nests of vegetation. Both are hosts to various external parasites. They are in no apparent danger of extinction and have been assessed as " Least	Least	PROPN	Concern	NOUN	 Concern
Serah and Noel move on, while Hope and Alyssa work on finding a way to prevent the pillar's collapse. Moving on to 300 AF Cocoon, the pair find Snow fighting a giant paradox fueled monster that is dissolving the crystal pillar. After resolving the paradox	paradox	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
The example is that of someone who makes the demand " either you accept my offer of a handful of beans for your cow, or I kill you ". For the subject, keeping the cow is preferred to both compliance and noncompliance with the throffer. Using	Using	VERB	this	PRON	 this
Chakrapani promoted Missamma as a " film for kids which should also be watched by adults. " He never encouraged sermonising in films serving as a medium of entertainment, and retorted that people interested in doing so can send telegrams to viewers instead of making films. Chakrapani	Chakrapani	PROPN	also	ADV	 also
Mammals throughout the time of the dinosaurs had been restricted to a narrow range of taxa, sizes and shapes, but increased rapidly in size and diversity after the extinction, with bats taking to the air within 13 million years, and cetaceans to the sea within 15	15	NUM	million	NUM	 million
Cooper returned to Harvard after his father's death, but soon discovered that he could not simultaneously pursue a law degree and manage his family's affairs. He was admitted to the bar by examination in 1928 and opened a legal practice in Somerset. Over the next	next	ADJ	20	NUM	 20
Steve Lech, president of the Riverside Historical Society, was employed as a consultant and accompanied the crew on its visits. The production sourced around 150 vintage motor cars, dating from 1918 to 1928, from collectors throughout Southern California. In some cases the cars were	were	AUX	in	ADP	 in
The wind farm, which was built for Peel Wind Power Ltd, produces electricity from 26 Nordex N80 wind turbines. It has a total nameplate capacity of 65 MW of electricity, providing 154,000 MW · h per year; enough to serve the average needs of 40,000	40,000	NUM	homes	NOUN	 homes
A professional pianist, Eguchi often utilizes the piano in his compositions. He has stated that most of the time he composes and arranges music is at his home studio, where his friends help out by recording acoustic instruments; if the quality of these recordings are not	not	PART	adequate	ADJ	 adequate
Irving had developed a Hungarian accent for a film role prior to his involvement with Holby City, and decided that " Meyer was temperamentally Hungarian – gloomy with a bit of Mediterranean liveliness. " It was decided that Meyer had left Hungary following the 1956 uprising, with	with	ADP	his	PRON	 his
After his service in the Navy, Clarey served as vice president for the Bank of Hawaii. He died at Tripler Army Medical Center in Hawaii on 15 June 1996. The submarine Bowfin lies just south of the sentry tower. Visible from the Admiral Clarey bridge,	,	PUNCT	also	ADV	 also
Before shooting the film, the artists drew sketches that emphasized Hong Kong's chaotic, confusing and overwhelming aspects. The Hong Kong setting is alluded to by the scene wherein the characters are drinking San Miguel Beer a cultural staple of the East Asian megalopolis. Ghost in	in	ADP	the	DET	 the
In the following game against the Green Bay Packers, he completed eleven of sixteen passes for 166 yards for a touchdown and one interception in a 24 – 17 victory. Grossman ’ s victory enabled the Bears to clinch a playoff berth and the National Football Conference's	's	PART	second	ADJ	 second
Included in the cascade of events unleashed in the brain by concussion is impaired neurotransmission, loss of regulation of ions, deregulation of energy use and cellular metabolism, and a reduction in cerebral blood flow. Excitatory neurotransmitters, chemicals such as glutamate that serve to stimulate nerve	nerve	NOUN	cells	NOUN	 cells
Jon Stone was responsible for writing, casting, and format; Dave Connell took over animation; and Sam Gibbon served as the show's chief liaison between the production staff and the research team. Cameraman Frankie Biondo worked on Sesame Street from its first episode. Jim	Jim	PROPN	Henson	PROPN	 Henson
The battle resulted in a major victory for Licario: John de la Roche was unhorsed and captured, while Giberto was either killed (according to Sanudo) or captured and taken along with de la Roche as a prisoner to Constantinople, where, according to Nikephoros Gregoras	Gregoras	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
Jordania kept true to his agreement with Lee, and on 15 July 1995, Kinkladze signed for Manchester City. The fee was generally reported as £2 million. After initial difficulties obtaining a work permit, Kinkladze made his debut for Manchester City against Tottenham Hotspur in	in	ADP	a	DET	 a
MacArthur spent his graduation furlough with his parents at Fort Mason, California, where his father, now a major general, was serving as commander of the Department of the Pacific. Afterward, he joined the 3rd Engineer Battalion, which departed for the Philippines in October	October	PROPN	1903	NUM	 1903
By 1871, around 5,000 residents were housed in a 12 acres (4.9 ha) area. The estate continued to expand throughout the early 20th century in a piecemeal fashion, and attracted Greek, Cypriot and Asian immigrants following World War II. In the 1970s,	,	PUNCT	the	DET	 the
The marina too was wrecked and closed. The golf course did not reopen. The hotel subsequently underwent demolition, which concluded by November 2006 with even the foundation slabs removed. Once the post Katrina building boom began, the Broadwater site increased in value and several other	other	ADJ	casino	NOUN	 casino
On opening night, the audience reacted intensely toward Orbison's ballads, as he finished with " In Dreams ". Philip Norman, a Beatles biographer, later wrote " As Orbison performed, chinless and tragic, the Beatles stood in the wings, wondering how they	they	PRON	would	AUX	 would
They were seen as ideal hunting companions for the elderly who could follow on horseback without exerting themselves, for young hunters who could keep up with them on ponies, and for the poorer hunters who could not afford to maintain a stable of good hunting horses. Before	Before	ADP	the	DET	 the
On 11 December, Cranmer was taken out of Bocardo and placed in the house of the Dean of Christ Church. This new environment was very different from that of his two years in prison. He was in an academic community and treated as a guest. Approached	Approached	VERB	by	ADP	 by
Afterwards, Don returns home early to an empty house and collapses on his bed in a weakened state. Don awakens to a knock on the door. It's Andrea, still in her tight yellow dress. Don directs her to leave immediately and forces her to	to	PART	go	VERB	 go
The members of the Cabildo tried to convince him to give his support, but he left. Belgrano's departure enraged the crowd, as he did not explain what had happened, and the people feared a betrayal. Demands for Cisneros ' immediate resignation replaced those for	for	ADP	an	DET	 an
Publicly, Kalinske defended the Saturn's design: " Our people feel that they need the multiprocessing to be able to bring to the home what we're doing next year in the arcades. " In 1993, Sega restructured its internal studios in preparation for the Saturn	Saturn	PROPN	's	PART	's
When the guns at Fort Nassau were heard by the attackers, they realized their surprise was lost and aborted the assault. The elements of the fleet rejoined in Hanover Sound, about six nautical miles east of Nassau. There Hopkins held council, and a new plan	plan	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
Some key achievements made since the plan's initial passing in 2003 were the establishment of the Reef Quality Partnership to set targets, report findings and monitor progress towards targets, improved land condition by landowners was rewarded with extended leases, Water Quality Improvement Plans were created to	to	PART	identify	VERB	 identify
During the shelling of Tinian on 24 July she was damaged, 43 men were killed, and 198 wounded by 22 shell hits from Japanese shore batteries; she continued shelling the island and providing fire support for the invasion troops. After undergoing extensive repairs along the West	West	PROPN	Coast	PROPN	 Coast
Under the law of the time, martial law was declared by the local military commander, at which point a group of Commissioners would be empowered to decide on the facts of offences, before passing the case to the commander, who would pass judgment. In practice	practice	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
According to biographer John Maki, the Japanese and English versions of Clark ’ s contract differed on this point. The Japanese version named Clark, " head teacher (namely, assistant director). " Because of this, in Japan, Clark has been referred to	to	ADP	as	ADP	 as
Kusek liked the plot, but felt it was predictable; however, he noted that the main element and focus was the " philosophy of life " and that, overall, An Ideal World " flows really well ". Writing for Comics Worth Reading, Ed Sizemore	Sizemore	PROPN	gave	VERB	 gave
On 26 March, the Nationalists started a general offensive, on 28 March the Nationalists occupied Madrid and, by 31 March, they controlled all Spanish territory. Franco proclaimed victory in a radio speech aired on 1 April, when the last of the Republican forces surrendered	surrendered	VERB	.	PUNCT	.
Therefore, the 25th Infantry Division also moved to protect the Komam ni road intersection where the Chindong ni – Haman road met the Masan – Chinju highway. Meanwhile, the NK 6th Division was ordered to await reinforcements before continuing the attack. The division's 13th,	,	PUNCT	15th	ADJ	 15th
County Route 626 continues through the residential districts in Lower Township, paralleling U.S. Route 9 and a local railroad for some distance. The highway intersects with the Old Stage Road, a dead end stagecoach road, heading through a short rural area before returning to the residential	residential	ADJ	districts	NOUN	 districts
The city's water and electrical systems were cut off. Only eight homes remained intact along a stretch of road leading from the town to the local airstrip. As a result, only concrete structures remained standing, while those made of iron sheeting or wood materials were	were	AUX	destroyed	VERB	 destroyed
Each wagon held about a ton, and once all twelve had been manoeuvred over the turntable back onto the main line, they would be pulled to the works by horses. With the advent of the small Lister engines, a new system was used, where three	three	NUM	curved	VERB	 curved
she also had an older half sister, Ingrid Pedersen. Her younger sister was Jacqueline ' Jackie ' Dykins (born 26 October 1949). Lennon started visiting the Dykins ' house in 1951. After the death of Julia Lennon in 1958, Harriet and Norman Birch	Birch	PROPN	were	AUX	 were
The game's music was composed by Akito Nakatsuka (credited as " Tsukasan "). The Adventure of Link was originally released on the Family Computer Disk System (FDS) before its worldwide release. Like its predecessor, the FDS version appears to be an earlier	earlier	ADJ	version	NOUN	 version
Built largely on permafrost during 1975 – 77 between Prudhoe Bay and Valdez, Alaska, the $8 billion effort required tens of thousands of people, often working in extreme temperatures and conditions; the invention of specialized construction techniques; and the construction of a new road	road	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
The large islands within the game were created using Paradigm's own 3D development tool Vega UltraVision. Navigation of these environments is relatively smooth thanks to Pilotwings 64 taking advantage of several key Nintendo 64 hardware features. Conventional level of detail and mipmapping were used to reduce the	the	DET	computational	ADJ	 computational
His overall season totals at Memphis included a 2.65 ERA in 15 starts, 73 SO and 85 IP. The Cardinals activated Wacha on May 30 to make his major league debut against the Kansas City Royals at Busch Stadium. Just 364 days after throwing his last pitch	pitch	NOUN	for	ADP	 for
Ten " Urie Arthurs " were transferred to the London and North Eastern Railway (LNER) in October 1942, and were based at Heaton shed for use on freight and occasional passenger trains in the north east and southern Scotland. They returned to the Southern Railway in	in	ADP	July	PROPN	 July
Elsewhere, rough waves from the hurricane killed a surfer in North Carolina and three fishermen off Newfoundland. A tropical disturbance organized into Tropical Storm Grace in the Gulf of Mexico on August 30; with a nearby upper level low causing unfavorable wind shear, the storm failed	failed	VERB	to	PART	 to
In Aubrey's relation of the interview, the aircraft stalled after take off, throwing Coandă clear, and " gently collapsed to the ground " where it burned. Aubrey wrote that the aircraft engine was " designed by a friend to Coandă's specification ", and	and	CCONJ	that	SCONJ	 that
" His second letter, in German, was addressed to " Herr Stammer " at German naval intelligence in Courbierestrasse, Berlin, and contained details of British naval losses and vessels stationed at Leith and Grangemouth. He had obtained details of the naval vessels simply by climbing	climbing	VERB	Calton	PROPN	 Calton
" Eminem continues describing a near sexual encounter with the singer, threatening to release voice mails and pictures he still has in his possession. Additionally, the song features a female's voice, unknown whether or not Carey's, where she calls herself Mary Poppins,	,	PUNCT	as	ADV	 as
The system was largely able to cope with the general level of poverty and minor crises, helping the old and infirm to survive and provide life support in periods of downturn at relatively low cost, but was overwhelmed in the major subsistence crisis of the 1690s. For	For	ADP	the	DET	 the
The first primary feather to be shed is the central one, number 6, and it has regrown completely by the time the female resumes hunting. Feathers 4, 5, 7 and 8 are dropped at a similar time the following year and feathers 1, 2	2	NUM	,	PUNCT	,
The tyrants themselves faced a difficult task; they had to deflect the worst of their fellow citizens ' hatred, while staying in the favour of the Persians. About 40 years after the Persian conquest of Ionia, and in the reign of the fourth Persian king,	,	PUNCT	Darius	PROPN	 Darius
Around this time of these elections Bishop Bourget also gave the Sisters permission to baptise children at the Hospice, rather than take them to Notre Dame Cathedral for baptism, which was significant as by 1858 the Sisters were supervising around 137 births per year, each requiring a	a	DET	trip	NOUN	 trip
As a Greenbacker with Democratic support, Weaver won election to the House in 1878. The Greenbackers nominated Weaver for president in 1880, but he received only 3.3 percent of the popular vote. After several more attempts at elected office, he was again elected to the	the	DET	House	PROPN	 House
During the WWE Championship Elimination Chamber match at the Elimination Chamber pay per view, in which both Orton and DiBiase participated, Rhodes passed a pipe to DiBiase. DiBiase hit Orton with it, and eliminated him. The next night on Raw, The Legacy participated in	in	ADP	a	DET	 a
Eaves considered the Vulcan ship a " fun " vessel to design. Only two major Vulcan ships had been previously seen in Star Trek, including a courier vessel from The Motion Picture. Since the two engine ship format had been seen many times, the artists decided	decided	VERB	to	PART	 to
Critics noted references and similarities to 1980s pop music throughout the album. Adrien Begrand from PopMatters found the hook of " Sweet Music " similar to those in songs by Prince and INXS. " Still Standing " was described by Helen Pidd from The Guardian as " a	a	DET	magnificent	ADJ	 magnificent
Studying there Garrow " knew the English language well; had a moderate acquaintance with the Latin and, as an accomplishment, added a considerable proficiency in French ". Garrow attended this school until he was 15, at which point he was articled to Thomas Southouse born	born	VERB	Faversham	PROPN	 Faversham
Two touring companies took his plays all round the country. The revival in his popularity did not tempt Shaw to write a new play, and he concentrated on prolific journalism. A second Shaw film produced by Pascal, Major Barbara (1941) was less successful,	,	PUNCT	artistically	ADV	 artistically
It was a critical and commercial success, grossing $129 million worldwide and, according to Brandon Gray, " cementing her status as the new teen movie queen. " Mick LaSalle from the San Francisco Chronicle wrote that " Lohan is sensitive and appealing, a solid	solid	ADJ	locus	NOUN	 locus
Since the priory was one of the religious houses founded by the meic Somairle, his possible retirement there may partly explain why Ragnall disappears from record after 1192. The name of Ragnall's wife, " Fonia ", as recorded in their grant to the priory of	of	ADP	Paisley	PROPN	 Paisley
She was completed in January 1897 at a cost of £751,206, but then underwent lengthy sea trials that included the changing of her propeller blades that lasted until June. The ship commissioned on 8 June 1897 and served as flagship for the Commander in Chief, Vice	Vice	PROPN	Admiral	PROPN	 Admiral
" Carry knew Clemenson from the time they worked together on the Western television pilot Independence. He had no knowledge of Campbell, but approved of the choice for the leading man after watching Army of Darkness. He later told Starlog, " I saw that he would	would	AUX	be	AUX	 be
Less than five laps later, Kevin Harvick complained to his crew about his car handling problems. Allmendinger, after his unscheduled pit stop earlier in the race, had moved up to tenth by lap 330. Seven laps later, Johnson reclaimed the first position from Kyle	Kyle	PROPN	Busch	PROPN	 Busch
During a no lift shift, the driver shifts normally by depressing the clutch, but the accelerator pedal is held wide open. Also new is " launch control ", which feathers the throttle at roughly 4800 rpm until engagement of the clutch, allowing more consistent launches	launches	NOUN	in	ADP	 in
IGN gaming website criticised the game for offering a gaming experience too passive and unrewarding and a plot too muddy and unfocused. Joystiq criticised the game's lack of solid character interaction and its unbelievable, unintentionally silly plot. Destructoid criticised the game's thin character presentation and	and	CCONJ	frequent	ADJ	 frequent
Odubade's first 15 appearances of the 2006 – 07 season were made as a substitute, and he started his first game of the season in Oxford's 1 – 1 draw against Altrincham. A week later, he was in the starting line up once more,	,	PUNCT	scoring	VERB	 scoring
The test train for the subway line was not set to run until October 2016, despite the line being projected to open within two months of that date. Also, contractors had only reached 70% of the construction milestones for June 2016, and 80% of	of	ADP	the	DET	 the
Jo's ghost instead testifies that Dean was not responsible for her fate. Osiris declares him guilty anyway and forces her to try to kill Dean, but she is able to take her leave in peace when Sam kills Osiris and thereby frees her from the god's	's	PART	control	NOUN	 control
Her speed continued to decrease, further exposing her to Japanese fire, and her steering jammed to port around 06: 40. Jessen made another 180° turn in an attempt to interpose his two ships between the Japanese and Rurik, but the latter ship suddenly turn	turn	VERB	to	PART	 to
Others blamed an ineffective firefighting system for the high death toll, and were dissatisfied that they were not given more details about the fire. In Beijing, authorities halted renovation projects similar to the one being done on the apartment in Shanghai shortly after the blaze. The	The	DET	projects	NOUN	 projects
The highway is approximately 11.4 miles (18.3 km) in length, and travels through mainly rural portions of Delta County. The roadway begins at an intersection with FM 64 in the community of Antioch. The highway proceeds southward, passing through the former community of Gough	Gough	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
Subsequent amendments to the treaty reduced the actual acreage to approximately 2,000,000 acres (810,000 ha) and is known today as the Wind River Indian Reservation. In 1957, Mummy Cave was rediscovered by a local resident on the north side of the North Fork Shoshone River,	,	PUNCT	adjacent	ADJ	 adjacent
Sarah Silverman as Vanellope von Schweetz, a racer / glitch in Sugar Rush. Jack McBrayer as Fix It Felix, Jr., a repairman who is the hero of Fix It Felix, Jr. Jane Lynch as Sergeant Tamora Jean Calhoun, the lead character of Hero's	's	PART	Duty	PROPN	 Duty
Meanwhile, Pinafore continued to play strongly. On 20 February 1880, Pinafore completed its initial run of 571 performances. Only one other work of musical theatre in the world had ever run longer, Robert Planquette's operetta Les cloches de Corneville. Approximately 150 unauthorised productions	productions	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
Two policemen were also injured during the match. The chaotic scenes at the match prompted discussion in the House of Commons, where Home Secretary William Bridgeman paid tribute to the actions of the police and the general behaviour of the crowd. During the debate Oswald Mosley was	was	AUX	chastised	VERB	 chastised
The same analysis applied to the general campaign, as commentators noted that Nixon would stand to the right of the still undecided Democratic nominee but would fall to the left of American Independent Party candidate George Wallace. As the general election season began, Nixon focused his efforts	efforts	NOUN	on	ADP	 on
The playwright William Congreve mentioned Shrewsbury cakes in his play The Way of the World in 1700 as a simile (Witwoud – " Why, brother Wilfull of Salop, you may be as short as a Shrewsbury cake, if you please. But I tell you '	'	PUNCT	tis	NOUN	 tis
The lack of longitudinal studies has been remedied in the last few decades by recurring national surveys such as the General Household Survey in the United Kingdom (ongoing since 1971). In addition to surveys, an increasing number of studies have been focusing on qualitative methods of	of	ADP	research	NOUN	 research
The common birds are regularly accompanied by scarcer species like greenish warblers, great grey shrikes or Richard's pipits. Seabirds may be sighted passing the Point, and migrating waders feed on the marshes at this time of year. Vagrant rarities have turned up when the weather	weather	NOUN	is	AUX	 is
These flows, some of which reached the Pacific Ocean, occurred between 16.5 and 15.6 million years ago and covered almost 60,000 square miles (160,000 km2). Geologists have identified several basalt flows in the West Hills, where they underlie the steepest slopes of Forest Park	Park	PROPN	and	CCONJ	 and
In 902 the Norse suffered a serious reverse in Ireland losing control of Dublin and this seems to have intensified attacks on the emerging kingdom of Alba. A year later Dunkeld was attacked and Ímar, the " grandson of Ímar " was killed in battle with the forces	forces	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
At the start of the war, the population of Belgium was overwhelmingly Catholic. Jews made up the largest non Christian population in the country, numbering between 70 – 75,000 out of a population of 8 million. Most lived in the cities of Antwerp, Brussels,	,	PUNCT	Charleroi	PROPN	 Charleroi
Savage hoisted the first American flag in Havana Province on December 10. He was in command of the battalion at the surrender of Havana on January 1, 1899. Weakened with yellow fever, Savage was mustered out of the Volunteer Engineers in April, 1899, and	and	CCONJ	assigned	VERB	 assigned
African Christians were still recovering lost property as late as 312. Outside Rome, there are fewer sure details of the progress and effects of the persecution in Italy; there are not many deaths securely attested for the region. The Acta Eulpi records the martyrdom of Euplus	Euplus	PROPN	in	ADP	 in
Mustafa Kemal had resigned as commander of the Seventh Army in 1917 but was back by early September 1918. Following the Treaty of Brest Litovsk in March 1918, which ended the war on the Eastern Front between Imperial Russia and Imperial Germany, the main focus of the	the	DET	Ottoman	PROPN	 Ottoman
At the 2015 Winter Chill Out, Cedar Point announced that the traditional over the shoulder restraints would be replaced with the soft vest style restraints seen on Intimidator 305. Maverick is negatively affected by unfavorable weather conditions as a high velocity ride. " Rain, and /	/	SYM	or	CCONJ	 or
Extinction marked the first appearance of herbs, a healing item in the video game series, as seen in Dr. Isaac's lab, and it also referenced the first film with the inclusion of a replica Hive facility designed after the one in Raccoon City, the Raccoon	Raccoon	PROPN	City	PROPN	 City
Practice mode is a new addition to the game, allowing a player to practice certain sections of a song (" Verse 2, " " Chorus, " " Bridge 3, " " Gtr Solo 4, " etc.) on different difficulties and instruments.	.	PUNCT	Practice	NOUN	 Practice
It does not support the " original " text against the Byzantine. It has 11 independent or distinctive readings. Alands placed it in Category V of New Testament manuscripts. It is not a very important codex, but it is an important witness of the Byzantine text	text	NOUN	type	NOUN	 type
The pictures, when viewed from afar, blend to form the No Code triangle / eyeball logo that is the theme throughout the album. The CD and vinyl came with lyrics printed on the back of replica Polaroids. Only nine Polaroids came in a set, leaving	leaving	VERB	one	NUM	 one
" In addition, Nolan chose to edit some of the IMAX sequences using the original camera negative, which by eliminating generation loss, raised the film resolution of those sequences up to 18 thousand lines. Warner Bros. chose to film in Chicago for 13 weeks, because	because	SCONJ	Nolan	PROPN	 Nolan
Although he did not feel that the album was a poor one, saying that if he said nothing no one would ever know of his dissatisfaction, he felt that it was not what he would have created if he had " defend [ed] the image of	of	ADP	each	DET	 each
The classical Adams spectral sequence has E2 term given by the Ext groups ExtA (p) ∗, ∗ (Zp, Zp) over the mod p Steenrod algebra A (p), and converges to something closely related to the p component of the stable homotopy	homotopy	NOUN	groups	NOUN	 groups
Edward Potts was a renowned architect who moved to Oldham from Bury. He was the architect for fourteen mills in the Oldham area. Other notable persons with Oldham connections include the composer Sir William Walton, former British Prime Minister Sir Winston Churchill, and Louise Brown,	,	PUNCT	the	DET	 the
A contrary view was presented in 2003, when Jan Bergström and Xian Guang Hou argued that, if arthropods were a " sister group " to any of the anomalocarids, they must have lost and then re evolved features that were well developed in the anomalocarids. The	The	DET	earliest	ADJ	 earliest
Incubation lasts for 21 to 24 days. When the infants hatch, they hatch about a day apart. The adult rockfowl quickly remove the eggshell fragments from the nest. The newborn weighs only 12 grams (0.42 oz) after hatching, but it quickly gains weight	weight	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
The West Indies enjoyed tremendous success during the tour, while England endured a " disastrous summer " of continuous change. England easily won the initial three match One Day International (ODI) series, retaining the Texaco Trophy and raising expectations for a successful summer in the	the	DET	five	NUM	 five
The highway is approximately 6.6 miles (10.6 km), and begins at U.S. Route 290 (US 290) in Stonewall, running along the Pedernales River through Lyndon B. Johnson National Historical Park, the late President Lyndon Johnson's former ranch, and through Lyndon B.	B.	PROPN	Johnson	PROPN	 Johnson
The southbound direction of the Connector begins at the Route 87 crossing, which is followed by Ramp E, a two way ramp towards US 30 with an intersection at Route 187. The Connector continues northbound with Ramp F, which leads back to Ramp E westbound,	,	PUNCT	acting	VERB	 acting
In natural populations, genetic drift and natural selection do not act in isolation; both forces are always at play, together with mutation and migration. However, the magnitude of drift on allele frequencies per generation is larger when the absolute number of copies of the allele	allele	NOUN	is	AUX	 is
Strong winds downed palm trees, which littered the streets of Lummus Park. The road to the Haulover Bridge in Miami Beach was washed away. Additionally, heavy rainfall caused flooding, with 10 to 11 in (250 to 280 mm) of precipitation in some areas	areas	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
The Romanian religious vocabulary is also divided, with a small number of basic terms preserved from Latin and a significant number of borrowings from Old Church Slavonic. Romanian did not preserve Latin words connected to urbanized society. Likewise, the term sat (" village ")	)	PUNCT	may	AUX	 may
We were back and forth with Afeni Shakur all day until we got the clearance. And then it's a hit. " " ' 03 Bonnie & Clyde " was released on October 10, 2002, as the lead single from Jay Z's album The Blueprint²	Blueprint²	NOUN	:	PUNCT	:
Alfred B. Meacham, an Indian Agent, was severely wounded. The murders shocked the nation, and Sherman wired to have the Modocs exterminated. Grant overruled Sherman; Captain Jack was executed, and the remaining 155 Modocs were relocated to the Quapaw Agency in the Indian	Indian	PROPN	Territory	PROPN	 Territory
Batman and Joker are also inadvertently transported during the process, and the two are separated after an encounter with the alternate Superman's regime. After fighting off an alternate Sinestro and Yellow Lantern (Hal Jordan after he joined the Sinestro Corps) and Wonder Woman, Green	Green	PROPN	Arrow	PROPN	 Arrow
These rituals, it was believed, sustained the god and allowed it to continue to play its proper role in nature. They were therefore a key part of the maintenance of maat, the ideal order of nature and of human society in Egyptian belief. Maintaining maat	maat	NOUN	was	AUX	 was
Defensively, he spent 752 games at shortstop, 147 games at third base, 139 games at second base, two games at pitcher and one game in the outfield. As a pitcher, he threw 11 ⁄ 3 innings, striking out two batters and allowing one	one	NUM	earned	VERB	 earned
The (AAIB) concluded that repair materials had leaked into the structure of the rudder during a recent repair, weakening the bond between the skin and the structure of the rudder, leading to it breaking up in flight. The large size of the repair had made	made	VERB	it	PRON	 it
While offensive coordinator at Georgia Tech, he had been described as an " offensive genius ", and Friedgen later received similar plaudits while at Maryland. When he took over, Maryland had not won a bowl game in 16 years and had only one winning season since	since	SCONJ	1990	NUM	 1990
" has been cited as an example. " If We Are the Body ", an acoustic rock song, features the mandolin, violin, and accordion in its arrangement. Inspired by a verse in the second chapter of James where the writer " admonishes the church	church	NOUN	for	ADP	 for
McLeod was able to address issues that she had with herself and others, which she attributed to helping re build her confidence. Leading up to the 2012 Olympics, McLeod helped the Canadian team qualify at the CONCACAF Women's Olympic Qualifying tournament that took place from January	January	PROPN	19	NUM	 19
The scheduled tests for the line consisted of four phases: Factory testing of components of the line, completed in 2013 – 14; On site testing of components and functioning of subsystems, completed in 2013 – 2014; Static testing of subsystems with slow moving trains,	,	PUNCT	completed	VERB	 completed
Late on October 17, Ivan attained its peak intensity with winds of 295 km / h (185 mph) and an official barometric pressure of 905 hPa (mbar). However, the JTWC reported an unofficial pressure of 872 hPa (mbar), which would	would	AUX	tie	VERB	 tie
After Charles G. Dawes declined the Treasury position, Harding asked Pittsburgh banker Andrew W. Mellon, one of the richest men in the country; he agreed. Harding appointed Herbert Hoover as United States Secretary of Commerce. RNC Chairman Will Hays was made Postmaster General, then	then	ADV	a	DET	 a
In addition to the aerodynamic design of the blades, the design of a complete wind power system must also address the design of the installation's rotor hub, nacelle, tower structure, generator, controls, and foundation. Further design factors must also be considered when	when	SCONJ	integrating	VERB	 integrating
It was held at Michigan Stadium in Ann Arbor on September 1, 2007, and was the first game of the season for both teams. The Wolverines entered the game ranked No. 5 in both major Football Bowl Subdivision (FBS) polls and media outlets considered	considered	VERB	them	PRON	 them
At some point before September 1939, her stem was lengthened, which increased her overall length to 120 meters (393 ft 8 in). The ship had a beam of 11.30 meters (37 ft 1 in), and a maximum draft of 4.23 meters (	(	PUNCT	13	NUM	13
The Warrior's Husband proved to be Hepburn's breakout performance. Biographer Charles Higham states that the role was ideal for the actress, requiring an aggressive energy and athleticism, and she enthusiastically involved herself with its production. The play opened March 11, 1932, at	at	ADP	the	DET	 the
Established by ethnic Chinese businessman Tjo Seng Han in 1940, it completed four black and white films before it was closed in 1941. All the company's films were screened into the 1950s but may now be lost. They were directed by two men, Njoo Cheong	Cheong	PROPN	Seng	PROPN	 Seng
Other mammals in the forest include the coyote, moose, bobcat, beaver, yellow bellied marmot, pika, and badger. Bull trout are one of the management indicator species for the forest. Population monitoring efforts are undertaken every year to provide an assessment of forest	forest	NOUN	health	NOUN	 health
Greece: 30 Rock originally airs on Universal Channel Greece. The first season of the series finished airing on Alter Channel in July 2010. Hong Kong: ATV World has aired Seasons 1 – 3 from July 2010 to Oct 2010 (Mon Tue, Thu Fri 8	8	NUM	:	SYM	:
Rihanna enters, grabbing his attention. She smiles at him and walks towards a fridge and grabs a milk package. Drake follows her and his verse begins. He holds her hand as he raps his verse, the milk package falls from her hand as she holds	holds	VERB	his	PRON	 his
Scott served under George Washington in the Braddock Expedition, a failed attempt to capture Fort Duquesne from the French. For most of 1756 and the early part of 1757, he divided his time between Fort Cumberland and Fort Washington, conducting scouting and escort missions. In	In	ADP	April	PROPN	 April
The album was released on July 9, 2002 on Warner Bros. Records. It sold over 286,000 copies in the first week, and peaked at number two on the Billboard 200. (Their next album would peak at number one) The singles from the album included	included	VERB	"	PUNCT	 "
Since then, it has spread at least as far as Saldanha Bay in the north and Camps Bay in the south, over 100 kilometres (62 mi) apart. There have been appearances of C. maenas recorded in Brazil, Panama, Hawaii, Madagascar, the	the	DET	Red	PROPN	 Red
The circumstances of the battalion's establishment overseas resulted in the situation of the battalion's personnel being issued two different Unit Colour Patches (UCP). Personnel who were in the United Kingdom at the end of 1940 were issued with a circular UCP consisting of black over	over	ADP	red	NOUN	 red
Prior to the official announcement of his departure, there was speculation that the role of O'Malley would be recast, but Rhimes labeled it as a " hilarious, ridiculous rumor ". After the confirmation of his exit, Knight told TV Guide: " Leaving Grey's	's	PART	Anatomy	PROPN	 Anatomy
Toward music more adventurous than Wagner's, especially that of Richard Strauss and later Claude Debussy, Rimsky Korsakov's mind remained closed. He would fume for days afterwards when he heard pianist Felix Blumenfeld play Debussy's Estampes and write in his diary about them, "	"	PUNCT	Poor	ADJ	 Poor
Despite this, the JMA only increased the intensity slightly to 170 km / h (105 mph). After developing a well defined eye, the JTWC reported that Nina attained its peak intensity of 270 km / h (170 mph), making it a low	low	ADJ	end	NOUN	 end
Some games feature overwhelming numbers of enemy projectiles and the player has to memorise their patterns to survive. These games belong to one of the fastest paced video game genres. Large numbers of enemy characters are typically featured. These enemies may behave in a certain way dependent	dependent	ADJ	on	ADP	 on
A similar act was introduced into the Barebones Parliament, but it too failed to be enacted before that parliament was dissolved. On 12 April 1654, the Council of State issued and Ordinance for uniting Scotland into one Commonwealth with England, which would be the " Commonwealth	Commonwealth	PROPN	of	ADP	 of
Fefa passed over the Big Island and rapidly weakened back to a tropical depression later that day. It finally dissipated on August 9 when northwest Kauai. The remnants of Fefa caused heavy rains and strong winds in the counties of Hawaii and Kauai. Flash flooding was reported	reported	VERB	in	ADP	 in
His force formed one of the four detachments, and Mihailović ordered that all four detachments be placed under the overall command of Đurišić. In early February 1943, during their advance northwest into Herzegovina in preparation for their involvement in Case White, the combined Chetnik force massacred	massacred	VERB	large	ADJ	 large
The next night, Abby admits to Owen that she is a vampire and that Thomas was not her father. Owen discovers an aged photo of her with Thomas as a young boy. As Thomas continued to age, he posed as Abby's father while she did	did	AUX	not	PART	 not
She also said that Fuller's history of the Roman Republic would have been her greatest work: " The work she was preparing upon Italy would probably have been more equal to her faculty than anything previously produced by her pen (her other writings being curiously inferior to	to	ADP	the	DET	 the
The Dark Blues ' lead was down to half a length by the time the crews passed Harrods Furniture Depository and by Hammersmith Bridge Cambridge had edged ahead. Still out rating Oxford, the Light Blues gradually pulled away and were a length and a half ahead by Chiswick	Chiswick	PROPN	Steps	PROPN	 Steps
In 1934, two years after his wife Margaret's death from cancer, Davies married Sephora Davies, a schoolteacher from Gwaun Cae Gurwen in Carmarthenshire who shared Davies's political outlook. The couple lived at Gwynfryn Park Terrace in Merthyr Tydfil, and had two sons.	.	PUNCT	In	ADP	 In
During a state of war, the president may promulgate regulations with the force of law on the basis of, and within the scope of, authority obtained from the parliament. In such circumstances, the president may convene government cabinet meetings and preside over them. If	If	SCONJ	the	DET	 the
Its design combines the surviving elements of the medieval castle with 19th century additions to produce a building which the historian Charles Kightly considered " the crowning glory of the Gothic Revival " in Britain. It is protected under UK law as a Grade I listed building due to	to	ADP	its	PRON	 its
The unknown librettist retained the words of stanzas 1, 2 and 18 as movements 1, 2 and 6. In movement 2, stanza 2 is expanded by paraphrases of stanzas 3 – 5, while movement 3 is a paraphrase of stanza 6; movement 4 incorporates	incorporates	VERB	ideas	NOUN	 ideas
Encountering even colder waters and continued shear, the storm weakened further while turning to the east southeast. On November 23, Kate transitioned into an extratropical cyclone to the west of Bermuda, terminating at 1800 UTC that day. Until 2011, Kate's was considered the	the	DET	second	ADJ	 second
Each gun was provided with 90 shells per gun. They had a powerful secondary battery, being the only British battleships to mount 50 calibre 7.5 inch guns; these were of a different type than the 7.5 inch guns mounted on later British cruisers. Ten of the	the	DET	guns	NOUN	 guns
I also wonder how it fits in with the alternate universe. " The A.V. Club's Zack Handlen graded the episode with a B-. Ken Tucker from Entertainment Weekly believed that " in some ways, this was one of the less distinctive, more X Files ish	ish	VERB	episodes	NOUN	 episodes
Later in May, he gained 57 delegates from Florida, as favorite son candidate Senator George Smathers defeated McCarthy in the Florida primary with 46% of the vote. Humphrey also picked up delegates from Pennsylvania, following an endorsement from Philadelphia Mayor James Hugh Joseph Tate,	,	PUNCT	and	CCONJ	 and
After returning to Basel, Servetus published Two Books of Dialogues on the Trinity (Latin: Dialogorum de Trinitate libri duo) which caused a sensation among Reformers and Catholics alike. The Inquisition in Spain ordered his arrest. Calvin and Servetus were first brought into contact in	in	ADP	1546	NUM	 1546
Leslie (Amy Poehler) initially supports the deal as well, until Ann (Rashida Jones) informs her they are filled with unhealthy corn syrup. Leslie arranges a public forum for Pawnee park visitors so they can make an informed choice about Sweetums products. Ron is	is	AUX	unhappy	ADJ	 unhappy
Metacritic gave the movie a Metascore of 80, signifying " generally favorable reviews ". Entertainment Weekly named the film as the fifth best of the series, and chose Vesper Lynd as the fourth best Bond girl in the series. Some newspaper columnists and critics were impressed	impressed	VERB	enough	ADV	 enough
In the 1930 renumbering of state highways in New York, US 9W was truncated to Albany while US 9 was rerouted to follow a new stretch between Albany and Round Lake. The former routing of both routes along the Hudson River between Albany and Mechanicville, as well	well	ADV	as	ADP	 as
". Cosima's journal entry for 12 February 1883 — the last she was to make — records Wagner reading Fouqué's novel Undine, and playing the Rhinemaidens ' lament from Das Rheingold on the piano. However, an underlying cause of domestic friction may have surfaced	surfaced	VERB	concerning	VERB	 concerning
Wagner made immediate arrangements to rent the house, at the king's expense, and by 15 April was installed in his new home. Immediately upon signing the lease, Wagner invited the von Bülows and their children to stay with him. They spent the summer there	there	ADV	,	PUNCT	,
According to writer Ryan Jones, James left high school as " the most hyped basketball player ever ". During his senior year, James was the centerpiece of several controversies. For his 18th birthday, he accepted a Hummer H2 from his mother, who secured a	a	DET	loan	NOUN	 loan
She and her family are Catholic and reside in a suburb of Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania. Evancho began her education in the Pine Richland School District public schools, but in 2010, because of her touring schedule, she switched to cyber schooling. In 2014 she returned to	to	ADP	public	ADJ	 public
From mid 1779 until late 1780, however, the Maryland and Virginia Rifle Regiment was primarily deployed in detachments to support line infantry contingents at several of the frontier outposts in the general vicinity of Fort Pitt, including Fort Laurens, Fort McIntosh, and Fort Henry (	(	PUNCT	Wheeling	PROPN	Wheeling
Cheilocystidia (cystidia on the gill edge) are broadly club shaped to cylindrical, hyaline (translucent), and measure 17 – 30 by 4 – 8 μm. Agaricus bitorquis, also edible, has a similar appearance, but can be distinguished by its double ring	ring	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
Parts of Dalmatia were annexed by Italy and the northern Croatian regions of Baranja and Međimurje were annexed by Hungary. The NDH regime was led by Ante Pavelić and ultranationalist Ustaše. The regime introduced anti semitic laws and conducted a campaign of ethnic cleansing and genocide against Serb	Serb	PROPN	and	CCONJ	 and
Unlike modern linescan units that use infrared imaging, the TSR 2's linescan would use daylight imaging or an artificial light source to illuminate the ground for night reconnaissance. Carriage of the existing Red Beard tactical nuclear bomb had been specified at the beginning of the TSR 2	2	NUM	project	NOUN	 project
After claiming 3 / 92 in the first innings, he took 9 / 50 in the second innings. The nine wickets included six Test players, including leading batsmen Woodfull and Bill Ponsford. Given his heavy workload in the previous season, it was decided to keep	keep	VERB	O'Reilly	ADV	 O'Reilly
Emissions from these units are released through the station's second, smaller chimney, to the south of the main stack. Between 2007 and 2012 the high and low pressure turbines were replaced by Siemens in a £100 million programme. Water is essential to a thermal	thermal	ADJ	power	NOUN	 power
They are currently thought to play an important role by transmitting HIV to T cells when the virus is captured in the mucosa by DCs. The presence of FEZ 1, which occurs naturally in neurons, is believed to prevent the infection of cells by HIV. HIV	HIV	PROPN	1	NUM	 1
That stopped tackling and slugging. We tried out the game with those [new] rules (fouls), and we didn ’ t have one casualty. ” By 1892, basketball had grown so popular on campus that Dennis Horkenbach (editor in chief of The	The	DET	Triangle	PROPN	 Triangle
Copyright Promotions Licensing Group handled lincensing in the United Kingdom. Turner ensured that the license agreements forbade retailers from discounting Quest items. The size of the marketing initiative left one newspaper reviewer wondering, " are [the Quests] back because they're too cool to die	die	VERB	,	PUNCT	,
In 1932, he joined the Van Beuren Studios as an animator and storyboard artist. He worked on cartoon series such as Cubby Bear and Rainbow Parades, and Tom and Jerry. This Tom and Jerry series starred two humans; it was unrelated to Barbera's later	later	ADJ	cat	NOUN	 cat
There are many possible reasons for the delay, including self doubt, his third symphony and an unhappy period in Berlin after a request from King Frederick William IV of Prussia. Nevertheless, Mendelssohn and David kept up a regular correspondence during this time, with Mendelssohn seeking	seeking	VERB	technical	ADJ	 technical
On rare occasions, this species has been seen at the surface. The frilled shark is usually found close to the bottom, with one individual observed swimming over an area of small sand dunes. However, its diet suggests that it does make substantial forays upward into	into	ADP	open	ADJ	 open
Imperatritsa Mariya proved to be very bow heavy in service and tended to ship large amounts of water through her forward casemates. The ammunition for the forward 12 inch guns was reduced from 100 to 70 rounds each while the 130 mm ammunition was reduced from 245 to 100	100	NUM	rounds	NOUN	 rounds
In the 1975 book The Evolution and Ecology of the Dinosaurs, L. B. Halstead depicts the animal as an amphibious dinosaur capable of feeding on aquatic prey and swimming out of reach of larger predators. Ostrom debunked this hypothesis by showing conclusively that the French specimen was nearly	nearly	ADV	identical	ADJ	 identical
Another example of tectonic features on Enceladus are the linear grooves first found by Voyager 2 and seen at a much higher resolution by Cassini. These linear grooves can be seen cutting across other terrain types, like the groove and ridge belts. Like the deep rifts,	,	PUNCT	they	PRON	 they
Both formed part of the national collection at the National Railway Museum but in 2016 ownership of the New L class locomotive was transferred to the Foxfield Railway where the locomotive is now on display. The largest locomotive depot was at Stoke, with 125 engines at grouping.	.	PUNCT	The	DET	 The
Carry remains with her family for the rest of her life, but although she has returned to decency, her past ensures that she will never find an honest husband. Sam is never charged with the murder, although one of his former associates is hanged for it	it	PRON	.	PUNCT	.
" Walters opined that the film's " menacing " use of British seaside locations was similar to that in Brighton Rock and London to Brighton, while he also drew comparisons to Badlands, Bonnie and Clyde and The Talented Mr. Ripley, in that in all of them	them	PRON	,	PUNCT	,
Most recently, Lupe Fiasco claimed to believe Islam will one day take over the world. Fiasco is noted for his anti establishment views. In an interview with Stephen Colbert on the satirical news show The Colbert Report, Fiasco stated his credo on political philosophy: "	"	PUNCT	You	PRON	 You
Currently storming the charts a la ' Yellow ', ' In My Place ' is another surprisingly simple song, carried by Jonny Buckland's chiming guitar and Chris Martin ’ s heartfelt vocals. It really shouldn't amount to much, but Coldplay make it work very	very	ADV	well	ADV	 well
While the Laplacian nebular model dominated in the 19th century, it encountered a number of difficulties. The main problem was angular momentum distribution between the Sun and planets. The planets have 99% of the angular momentum, and this fact could not be explained by the	the	DET	nebular	ADJ	 nebular
It shimmers like Siouxsie's ' Christine '. It's a credit to the band's producing skills that such an ambitious thing is lashed together at all " Melody Maker also named " Vow " as Single of the Week, describing the song as " surreal pop	pop	NOUN	heaven	NOUN	 heaven
Filmmaker Subhash Ghai was quoted in 2010 as saying that a film like this could never be repeated: " Mughal e Azam is an all time classic and has been the ultimate love story in Hindi cinema at all levels. So it will always remain alive for generations	generations	NOUN	to	PART	 to
Put simply, using observed mass loss rates in the best models of stellar evolution do not reproduce the observed distribution of evolved massive stars such as Wolf – Rayets, the number and types of core collapse supernovae, or their progenitors. To match those observations, the	the	DET	models	NOUN	 models
Others build their equipment from scratch (called homebrewing) using both modern and vintage era components. In the United States, shortwave HF frequencies (in MHz) on which amateur radio AM activity can be found include 1.885, 1.930, 1.985, 3.870 3.885, 7.290	7.290	NUM	7.295	NUM	 7.295
On the following day, Josephine weakened back to a Category 1 hurricane before becoming nearly stationary. It later headed northeastward and paralleled the coast well offshore of Nova Scotia. By October 17, Josephine weakened back to a tropical storm, shortly before beginning to execute a	a	DET	cyclonic	ADJ	 cyclonic
Austen, at a lecture by Herbert Gladstone in 1892 commented that " we only know of antimony at the present day as a highly brittle and crystalline metal, which could hardly be fashioned into a useful vase, and therefore this remarkable ' find ' (artifact mentioned	mentioned	VERB	above	ADV	 above
It was the longest running South Indian film, until its record was overtaken the Telugu film Magadheera (2009), which completed a theatrical run of 1000 days in April 2012. Chandramukhi was screened in Tokyo in October 2005 to packed houses. In the US,	,	PUNCT	it	PRON	 it
Zeus could, for instance, be used to protect SAC bases, thereby requiring the Soviets to expend more of their ICBMs to attack the base. This would presumably mean less damage to other targets. Another considered the addition of new passive electronically scanned array radars and	and	CCONJ	computers	NOUN	 computers
Preceded by the release of two singles and music videos for the songs " I Love American Music " and " The Babooch ", White Teeth, Black Thoughts was released on July 16, 2013. Following the low key DIY release and promotion of Susquehanna, the	the	DET	Daddies	NOUN	 Daddies
SSH 5D served as a connector between Federal Way and Puyallup and SSH 5 G served as a connector between Puyallup and South Hill. SSH 5N connected Eatonville to South Hill and was extended south towards La Grande in 1967. SR 161 was moved onto a bypass of	of	ADP	Puyallup	PROPN	 Puyallup
Then, in 1977, Taylor and his party of entomologists from Canberra serendipitously discovered a solitary worker ant at Poochera, southeast of Ceduna, some 1,300 km (810 mi) from the reported site of the 1931 discovery. In 2012, a report discussing the possible	possible	ADJ	presence	NOUN	 presence
The Half Life port possesses many of the Source engine's graphical strengths as well as control weaknesses that have been noted in the Source engine. Later updates added field of view options, support for OS X and Linux, an optional high definition texture pack, among	among	ADP	other	ADJ	 other
Menzies dropped Kent Hughes from cabinet in 1956, ostensibly because Menzies opposed some of his housing plans for Canberra. However, it was more likely due to Kent Hughes's continued public comments on foreign affairs and defence matters, in which he took an independent line favouring	favouring	VERB	a	DET	 a
, " well, that means something else. Since Madonna had to rush release the first six songs from Rebel Heart due to the hack and leaks, Diplo clarified that the released version on the album was not his final mixing of the track; he later posted	posted	VERB	his	PRON	 his
In North Carolina, Charley produced an estimated storm surge of 2 – 3 ft (0.5 – 1 m), along with waves of up to 8 ft (2.5 m) in height. This produced minor beach erosion along the coastline. Winds gusted from 60	60	NUM	to	PART	 to
Grateful for the improvement at the box office, Robison signed Bresnahan to a five year contract to manage the team for a salary of $10,000 per season ($253,964 in current dollar terms), plus ten percent of the club's profits. Robison died in	in	ADP	March	PROPN	 March
Balzac's other problem was financial: despite his illness, he could not afford to relax his work schedule, since he owed more than 200,000 francs to various creditors. Hańska and Balzac were determined, however, and in 1845 she visited him in Paris with Anna	Anna	PROPN	and	CCONJ	 and
There was no clear difference in the sounds made by the different species measured: Crotalus horridus, Crotalus adamanteus, Crotalus atrox, Crotalus cerastes, Crotalus viridis and Sistrurus catenatus. This pattern implies that the rattling " could serve as a general attention getting device ",	,	PUNCT	which	PRON	 which
A bet on the game between the governors of Kansas and Virginia was resolved when Virginia Governor Tim Kaine sent a Virginia smoked ham to the Kansas state capitol. Had Virginia Tech won, Kansas Governor Kathleen Sebelius would have sent Kaine an assortment of Kansas beef. The	The	DET	Hokies	PROPN	 Hokies
Khrushchev was invited to visit the United States, and did so that September, spending thirteen days. Khrushchev arrived in Washington, DC on his first visit to the United States on September 15, 1959. The first visit by a Soviet premier to the United States	States	PROPN	resulted	VERB	 resulted
The Atlantic Monthly described the book as " a crushing indictment of the Japanese army's behavior ". The Chicago Tribune called it " a powerful new work of history and moral inquiry " and stated that " Chang takes great care to establish an accurate accounting of the	the	DET	dimensions	NOUN	 dimensions
Armoured and mechanized forces were tasked with the capture of eastern Slavonia and advances west towards Zagreb and Varaždin. This was identified as the main effort of the campaign. Finally, a land blockade of Dubrovnik was planned, coupled with an advance west towards the Neretva River	River	PROPN	to	PART	 to
The puzzles had mixed reactions. Kristan Reed of Eurogamer expressed disappointment with the degree to which the game had been geared as a combat game with an absence of standard Silent Hill puzzles, while GameSpy's Bryn Williams worried that the puzzles ' obscurity and " non lateral	lateral	ADJ	"	PUNCT	 "
The use of innovative one handed forms though, even in environments which favored them, did not exceed 50 percent. BASL signers further tend to favor lowered variants of side of forehead signs resulting in contact at the cheek. The sign KNOW is usually produced by placing	placing	VERB	the	DET	 the
He planned to move the remnants of Oklahoma Row out of the path of the rising lake waters. In order to do this, it was first necessary to remove the log portion or shell of the hotel. The original windows and doors were dismantled for the move	move	NOUN	and	CCONJ	 and
However, combined opposition from both the vicar of the local All Saints Church, Wraxall and the church's patron, a member of the Gorges family, led to the Bishop of Bath and Wells decreeing that he would not sanction the consecration of Tyntesfield's chapel,	,	PUNCT	through	ADP	 through
Perry debuted the first televised performance of song on at the 54th Grammy Awards and has also performed the song at the ECHO Awards, the 2012 Kids ' Choice Awards, and American Idol. " Part of Me " was written by Perry herself, Dr. Luke,	,	PUNCT	Bonnie	PROPN	 Bonnie
It was most likely Braose who commissioned a condensed copy of Domesday Book, now Public Record Office manuscript E164 / 1. This copy has a marginal notation of " Br " next to the estates owned by Braose's ancestor, the first William de Braose. Braose	Braose	PROPN	was	AUX	 was
Following most present day damaging earthquakes, teams of investigators from institutions such as the Earthquake Engineering Research Institute are sent to the affected region to set up instruments to capture strong motion records, and to study the damage and other effects of the event. This has not	not	PART	always	ADV	 always
His last words were: Long live Germany. Long live Argentina. Long live Austria. These are the three countries with which I have been most connected and which I will not forget. I greet my wife, my family and my friends. I am ready	ready	ADJ	.	PUNCT	.
The Bodleian Library, Cambridge University Library, and the National Libraries of Scotland and Wales are also entitled to copies of material published in Ireland, but again must formally make requests. In 2003 the Ipswich MP Chris Mole introduced a Private Member's Bill which became the	the	DET	Legal	PROPN	 Legal
Protesters resorted to Salmaniya Hospital's car parks where thousands of them protested against the government. All 18 Members of Parliament from Al Wefaq, the only opposition political party represented in Parliament, submitted their resignations. On 18 February, over 50,000 participated in the funerals of	of	ADP	crackdown	NOUN	 crackdown
It first entered service with the Royal Navy in April 1980 as the Sea Harrier FRS1 and became informally known as the " Shar ". Unusual in an era in which most naval and land based air superiority fighters were large and supersonic, the principal role of the	the	DET	subsonic	ADJ	 subsonic
Five of the bells were cast in 1741 by Abel Rudhall of Gloucester. They were rehung in 1908. The sixth bell was recast in 1865 by Mears and Co. of London. In 1919, the church bells were still customarily rung to signal the town curfew between	between	ADP	September	PROPN	 September
The 1993 study, which also researched the impact on household expenditures, formed a completely different conclusion: that the average beneficiaries under the NAP program spent $5 less per week on food than non participating families, considering if both would have the same amount of resources	resources	NOUN	available	ADJ	 available
The HD DVD release came in July 2006, while the film was released on Blu ray Disc two years later, in June 2008. Film review aggregator Rotten Tomatoes reports that 67% of critics gave the film a " Certified Fresh " rating, based on 126	126	NUM	reviews	NOUN	 reviews
Thanks to this extended aircraft park the ZNDH could now form new units: in January the 1st Group, comprising the 1st, 2nd, 3rd and 19th Squadrons was formed at Zagreb, and then the 2nd Group with the 4th, 5th and 6th squadrons and the	the	DET	3rd	PROPN	 3rd
The franchise also includes illustrated short stories about Ariel's life as a human, such as Ariel and the Aquamarine Jewel, Ariel's Dolphin Adventure, and Ariel's Royal Wedding. Ariel also appears as a supporting character in one volume of the Japanese manga Kilala Princess	Princess	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
So it was a very personal choice for that book. " Eragon's dragon, Saphira, was imagined as " the perfect friend " by Paolini. He decided to go in a more " human direction " with her because she is raised away from her own	own	ADJ	species	NOUN	 species
The starting pitchers Lee and CC Sabathia continued to pitch until the top of the eighth when Sabathia was replaced by Phil Hughes. Hughes walked the first two batters and was replaced by Dámaso Marte. Marte got two quick outs and was relieved by David Robertson, who	who	PRON	walked	VERB	 walked
Earlier in the day, Logan's wife, Valencia Flood, fearing for her safety and the safety of her children, filed the petition with the judicial system to have her husband receive treatment, saying that Logan was " paranoid " and that he " needs to	to	PART	be	AUX	 be
This treaty was contingent on the tribe examining the land proposed for them and accepting it as suitable. In 1850, Chief Oshkosh led a delegation to the Crow Wing area and determined that the land was not suitable for the tribe, mainly because the proposed reservation was	was	AUX	located	VERB	 located
In fact, four different species of Shigella are nested among E. coli strains (vide supra), while E. albertii and E. fergusonii are outside of this group. Indeed, all Shigella species were placed within a single subspecies of E. coli in a phylogenomic study that	that	PRON	included	VERB	 included
Cornell University professor L. Pearce Williams observes: The result of the Curies ' work was epoch making. Radium's radioactivity was so great that it could not be ignored. It seemed to contradict the principle of the conservation of energy and therefore forced a reconsideration of the	the	DET	foundations	NOUN	 foundations
Clips of Carey singing in desperation in the rain are intercut with footage of her recording her vocals in the recording booth. For his scenes, Ne Yo sings as he stands next to as well as plays the piano as Carey reminisces by herself, while other scenes	scenes	NOUN	show	VERB	 show
The discovery of main belt comets and active centaurs has blurred the distinction between asteroids and comets. As of November 2014 there are 5,253 known comets, a number that is steadily increasing. However, this represents only a tiny fraction of the total potential comet population,	,	PUNCT	as	SCONJ	 as
He agrees and becomes distraught when he realizes what he has done. David consoles him and before he dies, forgives his comrade. At the war's end, Jack returns home to a hero's welcome. He visits David's grieving parents to return his friend	friend	NOUN	's	PART	's
The trustees of these temples have reportedly disputed the Guinness World Record. The Meenakshi temple in Madurai has the length of 850 feet (260 m) and width of 800 feet (240 m). The entire area of this temple is 17 acres (0.069 km2	km2	NOUN	)	PUNCT	)
Viewers around the world witnessed his heartbreak as he fell and crashed into the outer wall in the first quarter of his heat. In the 1000 metre race four days later, Jansen was on a world record pace when he again fell. After failing again in Albertville	Albertville	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
Further notable decisions by Denning in this area were Heseltine v Heseltine [1971] 1 WLR 342 in 1971 and Wachtel v Wachtel [1973] Fam 72 in 1973, which created basic rules for dividing family assets in a divorce case, something which had not previously	previously	ADV	been	AUX	 been
Statistical Self Similarity and Fractional Dimension, crystallising mathematical thought into the concept of the fractal. Living things like orchids, hummingbirds, and the peacock's tail have abstract designs with a beauty of form, pattern and colour that artists struggle to match. The beauty that	that	PRON	people	NOUN	 people
Matterhorn S (for stellarator, another name coined by Wheeler), under Lyman Spitzer, investigated nuclear fusion as a power source. Matterhorn B (for bomb), under Wheeler, engaged in nuclear weapons research. Senior scientists remained disinterested and aloof from the project	project	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
A further 7 children and 23 adults lost their lives outside the school, in the streets or adjoining houses. In the immediate aftermath, Davies visited and consoled the bereaved families in Aberfan, and on the Saturday he led a party which included the Duke of Edinburgh	Edinburgh	PROPN	on	ADP	 on
At roughly 8: 45 am, she collided at low speed – approximately one knot (1 to 1.5 miles per hour or 1.6 to 2.4 kilometres per hour) – with the unladen Imo, chartered by the Commission for Relief in Belgium to pick up a cargo	cargo	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
Near the head of Ithan creek, in Radnor, a grist mill and saw mill, head and fall about sixteen feet, grinds from eight to ten thousand bushels of grain per annum, and about fifty tons gypsum per annum, saw mill employed occasionally, owned	owned	VERB	and	CCONJ	 and
" New York's David Denbey dismissed Nala's athleticism as nothing more than Disney's attempt to " disguise [the film's] essential boss daddy ethos. " Bacher believes that had The Lion King featured Nala as the Pride Lands ' hero as opposed to Simba	Simba	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
American Idiot opened in the Berkeley Repertory Theatre during the end of 2009. The show features an expanded story of the original album, with new characters such as Will, Extraordinary Girl, and Favorite Son. On April 20, 2010, American Idiot opened on Broadway	Broadway	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
His firing caused a rift in segments of the black community, leading some to believe that Sawyer was also involved in the same conspiracy. In a New York Times article published on May 13, 1988, Alderman Streeter reiterated his stance regarding the removal of the painting	painting	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
Meanwhile, at the power plant Homer's very mean spirited boss, Mr. Burns, announces that there will be no Christmas bonus this year. Whilst discovering there is no money for Christmas presents and not wanting to worry the family, takes a job as a shopping	shopping	NOUN	mall	NOUN	 mall
Powell left Canada immediately upon his release, but not before being paid $4,000 by the Alberta government as thanks for his services. On August 18, 1938, police magistrate A. H. Gibson, who had presided over the prosecution of Unwin and Powell, was dismissed	dismissed	VERB	without	ADP	 without
Rəfael Hüseynov, the Director of the Nizami Museum of Azerbaijani Literature, in his written question to the Committee of Ministers of the Council of Europe in 2007 claimed that the " seizure Nakhichevan is one of the main military goals of Armenia. " Writing in the Harvard	Harvard	PROPN	International	PROPN	 International
A fresh invasion of Livonia by the Swedes recalled him thither once more, and in 1609 he relieved Riga and recaptured Pernau. He improvised a small fleet and dealt a surprise blow to the Swedish Navy at the Battle of Salis. Meanwhile, the Dimitriad wars with	with	ADP	Muscovy	PROPN	 Muscovy
In 1806, he was prevented from selling West Wycombe by the trustees of his son, to whom the estate was entailed. He became religious in the last years of his life, holding ostentatiously teetotal parties in West Wycombe's gardens in aid of the " Friends	Friends	PROPN	of	ADP	 of
Chad Hermansen, who played for the Sounds from 1998 to 2002, holds three career franchise records: runs (303), home runs (92), and runs batted in (286). On April 7, 2003, right hander John Wasdin pitched the	the	DET	first	ADJ	 first
He had cleared the streets with " a whiff of grapeshot ", according to 19th century historian Thomas Carlyle in The French Revolution: A History. The defeat of the royalist insurrection extinguished the threat to the Convention and earned Bonaparte sudden fame, wealth, and the	the	DET	patronage	NOUN	 patronage
To Inglis, the characters in " Let It Down " are engaged in an adulterous affair, with the " constant threat " of being discovered – hence the conclusion to verse one: " Hiding it all behind anything I see / Should someone be looking at me	me	PRON	.	PUNCT	.
They were sacrificing her to propitiate the god of Spring. Such was the theme of the Sacre du Printemps ". By May 1910 Stravinsky was discussing his idea with Nicholas Roerich, the foremost Russian expert on folk art and ancient rituals. Roerich had a reputation as	as	ADP	an	DET	 an
The central figure of the mandalas is Vairocana, one of the Five Great Buddhas, whose incarnation the Vinayakas are considered in this configuration. Kangiten may also be depicted symbolically by symbolic syllable called shuji or bija or by symbols such as an umbrella, garland or bow	bow	VERB	and	CCONJ	 and
Each crew saw the return of five former Blues, including the Light Blue number six Robert Kinglake who was rowing in his fourth Boat Race; Dark Blues Robert Taunton Raikes, Brown and Charles Tottenham were making their third Boat Race appearance. Oxford won the toss for	for	ADP	the	DET	 the
Its lyrics deal with boasting, sex, social commentary, and club themes, featuring Big Boi's clever wordplay and versatile flow. Following a heavily delayed release, the album debuted at number three on the US Billboard 200, selling 62,000 copies in its first week	week	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
Writing for Time magazine, David Browne said Dreaming of You's release was " one of the quickest posthumous albums ever cobbled together ". He said the producers who worked with Selena on the album had decisively paired her with recordings that reminded him of lighter versions of	of	ADP	Paula	PROPN	 Paula
She was named after the Lictor (" Littorio " in Italian), in ancient times the bearer of the Roman fasces, which was adopted as the symbol of Italian Fascism. Littorio and her sister Vittorio Veneto were built in response to the French battleships Dunkerque and	and	CCONJ	Strasbourg	PROPN	 Strasbourg
The Blu ray and Video CD versions were released at the same time. 7 Khoon Maaf was critically praised and Chopra's performance was singled out in particular, with many reviewers describing it as " a role of a lifetime ". Aniruddha Guha of the Daily News	News	PROPN	and	CCONJ	 and
" In 1870, he opposed the pig iron tariff as too high, against the wishes of fellow Pennsylvanian William " Pig Iron " Kelley. Randall called his version of protectionism " incidental protection ": he believed that tariffs should be high enough to support the cost	cost	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
In name of their Namibian born daughter, they have funded large animal conservation projects as well as a free health clinic, housing, and a school for the San Bushmen community at Naankuse. Jolie and Pitt support other causes through the Jolie Pitt Foundation, established in	in	ADP	September	PROPN	 September
Under cross examination, both admitted that it had rained heavily between the time the footprints were made and the time they attempted to match the prints. Constable Dales told the jury that Thornton admitted having sex with Ashford before he was searched: that is, before his	his	PRON	bloodstained	ADJ	 bloodstained
' It's immune to punk criticism. " In July 2008, he refocused his efforts on a solo career with the release of Confidence Man, an alt country release similar in sound to The New Amsterdams. After his second album, May Day, Pryor announced	announced	VERB	that	SCONJ	 that
Although Tuđman was displeased with the proposal, the RSK authorities — influenced by Serbian President Slobodan Milošević — refused to receive the document, let alone discuss it. Milošević was concerned that the plan might be used to force the settlement of a crisis in Serbia's Kosovo	Kosovo	PROPN	province	NOUN	 province
Between 1914 – 15, some of Turgut Reis's guns were removed and employed as coastal guns to shore up the defenses protecting the Dardanelles. On 19 January 1918, Yavûz and the light cruiser SMS Breslau, which had also been transferred to Ottoman service under the	the	DET	name	NOUN	 name
In 1960, after meeting civil rights leader Martin Luther King, Jr. and hearing him speak, she and Killens organized " the legendary " Cabaret for Freedom to benefit the Southern Christian Leadership Conference (SCLC), and she was named SCLC's Northern Coordinator. According	According	VERB	to	ADP	 to
The highly unpopular Truman was handily defeated by Kefauver; 18 days later the president announced he would not seek a second full term. Truman was eventually able to persuade Stevenson to run, and the governor gained the nomination at the 1952 Democratic National Convention. Eisenhower gained	gained	VERB	the	DET	 the
Their promotion via the Conference Premier play offs in 2011 – 12 meant they played in League Two, after an eight year absence from the Football League. The season ran from 1 July 2012 to 30 June 2013. Manager Gary Mills signed eight players before the close	close	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
The film earned US $603 million at the international box office. Schwimmer took part in directing in studio segments for Little Britain USA, an American spinoff of the British BBC television series Little Britain. In regard to this, he commented that he had " a	a	DET	good	ADJ	 good
More than 100 metres (330 ft) long, the walls of the canal are decorated with tiled panels depicting seascapes and associated scenes. This is the largest of a series of canals in the gardens bordered with chinoiserie style azulejo tiles. Fed by a stream,	,	PUNCT	the	DET	 the
According to graphic designers Storm Thorgerson and Aubrey Powell, Yokoo depicted groups of jellyfish, coral reefs, and brightly colored fish to suggest an association between Agharta and Atlantis. The foreground of the back cover's illustration featured a reptilian creature. Cultural studies researcher Dagmar Buchwald	Buchwald	PROPN	interpreted	VERB	 interpreted
The effect was devastating, as communication lines were breached, ammunition dumps destroyed and forward observation points shattered. Many Romanian personnel who survived the bombardment began to flee to the rear. Soviet heavy artillery aimed at Romanian artillery positions and second echelon formations also caught the retreating	retreating	VERB	Romanian	ADJ	 Romanian
The Greek states of Athens and Eretria allowed themselves to be drawn into this conflict by Aristagoras, and during their only campaigning season (498 BC) they contributed to the capture and burning of the Persian regional capital of Sardis. After this, the Ionian Revolt carried	carried	VERB	on	ADP	 on
The episode has generally received positive reviews from television critics. Robert Shearman and Lars Pearson, in their book Wanting to Believe: A Critical Guide to The X Files, Millennium & The Lone Gunmen, gave the episode a glowing review and rated it five stars out	out	ADP	of	ADP	 of
During this period of time Lambesis was also working on music and found time to release the third full length from Austrian Death Machine called Triple Brutal. On May 16, 2014, Lambesis was sentenced to six years in prison, with 48 days credit for time served	served	VERB	.	PUNCT	.
These patterns will be " queered " by their head form, generating three point axes, which are then " booleaned " to generate a three dimensional mesh of their head. Resnick then goes on to explain the " uncanny valley ", which leads him into his	his	PRON	third	ADJ	 third
With Nelson already dying below decks on Victory, Captain of the Fleet Thomas Hardy ordered Agamemnon and several other ships to intercept them. Three of the enemy ships broke off and ran for Cádiz; after briefly engaging Intrépide the British ships moved to try to cut off	off	ADP	the	DET	 the
Baker was born in Ferndale and starred in films such as the The Cruel Sea (1953) and Richard III (1955), though it was as actor / producer of the 1964 film Zulu that his legacy endures. The Houston brothers were both born in Tonypandy	Tonypandy	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
In the fourth stanza, the narrator emphasizes the internal when he describes how he is inspired by Psyche: O brightest! though too late for antique vows, Too, too late for the fond believing lyre, When holy were the haunted forest boughs, Holy the	the	DET	air	NOUN	 air
In 2002, the show itself was nominated at the Primetime Emmy Awards for Outstanding Children's Program. At the 29th Annie Awards, the series was nominated three times. The episodes " The Secret Box " and " Band Geeks " won at the 2002 Golden Reel	Reel	PROPN	Awards	PROPN	 Awards
During the ensuing skirmish, Private William B. Mecomson was fatally wounded. The militia men put the wounded man on a litter and began to carry him back to the Kellogg cabin, along the way Mecomson asked that the group stop to rest. The group stopped and	and	CCONJ	some	PRON	 some
Most houses are in the lowest rated Council Tax bands A and B. In April 2012, 1493 people were claiming Jobseekers Allowance which at 8.3% was nearly double the Leeds ' average. Middleton Park ward contained 10,649 households in 2001. There were 1,201 households with dependent	dependent	ADJ	children	NOUN	 children
It is susceptible to bud rot caused by the oomycete Phytophthora palmivora and by the fungus Thielaviopsis paradoxa. The species is considered an invasive species in secondary forest in Panama. Roystonea regia has been planted throughout the tropics and subtropics as an ornamental. The seed is used	used	VERB	as	ADP	 as
The following week, LayCool revealed that they had cut the championship belt into two, turning it into a friendship charm and circumventing Long's orders. In September, Layla and McCool challenged WWE Divas Champion Melina to a championship unification match at Night of Champions. McCool	McCool	PROPN	participated	VERB	 participated
By 1876 these problems had been resolved, providing a solution for servicing the early skyscrapers. New environmental technologies in heating, lighting, ventilation and sanitation were also critical to creating taller buildings that were attractive to work in. Central heating could not be easily extended to	to	PART	serve	VERB	 serve
" Initial reviews of the book were mixed. Some reviewers accused Balzac of plagiarism or of overwhelming the reader with detail and painting a simplistic picture of Parisian high society. Others attacked the questionable morals of the characters, implying that Balzac was guilty of legitimizing their opinions	opinions	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
The Caelifera includes some 2,400 valid genera and about 11,000 species. Many undescribed species probably exist, especially in tropical wet forests. The Caelifera have a predominantly tropical distribution with fewer species known from temperate zones, but most of the superfamilies have representatives worldwide. They are	are	AUX	almost	ADV	 almost
The ball in Ziff's manor points back to a scene in the season 2 episode " The Way We Was ", in which Marge danced with Ziff. Believing that Marge and Ziff will get married, Homer says that he'll " never be born ",	,	PUNCT	a	DET	 a
Their eggs produce ciliated swimming larvae, and the life cycle has one or two hosts. These parasites attach themselves to their hosts by means of disks that bear crescent shaped hooks. They are divided into Monogenea and Cestoda. Of about 1,100 species of monogeneans, most	most	ADJ	are	AUX	 are
" Leroy Douresseaux of Coolstreak Cartoons wrote: " By turns bizarre and unsettling, Godchild is actually quite engaging, but can be difficult to follow for those who didn't come in at the beginning ". Writing for Sequential Tart, Sheena McNeil described Godchild as "	"	PUNCT	a	DET	 a
On June 16, 2001, the Thai government under Thaksin Shinawatra agreed to open the sluice gates of the Pak Mun Dam for four months to allow studies to be conducted on its social impact; this was later extended to 13 months. Coinciding with this agreement,	,	PUNCT	the	DET	 the
As a result of the agreement, the suspicion against the clergy and the Christians was removed. During Hyder's regime, the Mangalorean Catholic community continued to flourish. After Hyder's death in the Second Anglo Mysore War on 7 December 1782, the British captured the	the	DET	fort	NOUN	 fort
Reith asked him if he wished to take on the chief conductorship, and if so whether he would resign as director of music or occupy both posts simultaneously. Boult opted for the latter. During the 1930s, the orchestra became renowned for its high standard of playing	playing	VERB	and	CCONJ	 and
Cisse then scored his penalty to put Liverpool 2 – 0 up. Tomasson scored Milan's next penalty to make the score 2 – 1 in Liverpool's favour. Riise was next for Liverpool, but his penalty was saved by Dida. Kaka then scored the subsequent	subsequent	ADJ	penalty	NOUN	 penalty
Gore ’ s terse explanation of course does not mention such complexities, but the crux of his point – that the observed long term relationship between CO2 and temperature in Antarctica supports our understanding of the warming impact of increased CO2 concentrations – is correct. Moreover, our	our	PRON	knowledge	NOUN	 knowledge
Drowned World Tour became the highest grossing concert tour of 2001 by a solo artist, as well as the fourth highest grossing among all, behind U2, N Sync and the Backstreet Boys. Drowned World received the Major Tour of the Year and Most Creative Stage Production	Production	PROPN	awards	NOUN	 awards
He later sold it to Ibiza Rocks in 2008. At the time of sale, The Mail on Sunday said of Pike, " Stooped and shrunken, his face looks like a weathered Easter Island statue and when he walks he shuffles unsteadily, bowed by a life	life	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
The two main cities are Sabang and Balohan. Balohan is a ferry port that serves as a hub between the island and Banda Aceh on the mainland Sumatra. Sabang has been an important quay since the late nineteenth century, because the city overlooks the entry to a	a	DET	busy	ADJ	 busy
Reger thought the Hebbel Requiem was " among the most beautiful things " he ever wrote. It has been described as of " lyrical beauty, a dramatic compactness, and [of] economy of musical means " in which the composer's " mastery of impulse,	,	PUNCT	technique	NOUN	 technique
" The competition was canceled due to lack of funds. The development of women's football in Africa faces several challenges, including limited access to education, poverty amongst women, inequalities and human rights abuses. Many quality female footballers leave their home countries for better opportunities	opportunities	NOUN	elsewhere	ADV	 elsewhere
In the early days of August 1856, a girl by the name of McGraff was injured by an oncoming train near the station after carelessly walking onto the tracks. The parents, who were in a poor state financially, was given $45 (1856 USD)	)	PUNCT	in	ADP	 in
Labonte chose sixth place, while Bowyer chose seventh, ahead of Newman and Derrike Cope in eighth and ninth. Waltrip, Biffle, Gordon, Juan Pablo Montoya, and Jamie McMurray chose the next five positions. Burton, who chose fifteenth, was followed by Kevin	Kevin	PROPN	Conway	PROPN	 Conway
In Genoa and Venice he was impressed by the local shipyards, and in Pisa he witnessed a specially organized mock naval battle, experiences which resulted in his later attempt to create the Polish – Lithuanian Commonwealth Navy. After returning to Poland, in 1626 he fought against	against	ADP	the	DET	 the
It was written and produced by Madonna, Avicii, DJ Dahi, and Michael Diamonds, with additional writing by Arash Pournouri, Carl Falk, Rami Yacoub, and Savan Kotecha. During the early stages of the album, Madonna was encouraged by her manager to work	work	VERB	with	ADP	 with
The most common underwater flow is pillow lava, a circular lava flow named after its unusual shape. Less common are glassy, marginal sheet flows, indicative of larger scale flows. Volcaniclastic sedimentary rocks are common in shallow water environments. As plate movement starts to carry	carry	VERB	the	DET	 the
In charge of the game's fifty sound effects, Yamaoka wanted to surprise the player with different sounds and create an unsettling environment. He also incorporated occasional silence, commenting that " selecting moments of silence is another way of producing sound. " Konami published Silent Hill	Hill	PROPN	2	NUM	 2
The venue is located at Fornebu, a peninsula in Bærum, located 10 kilometers (6.2 mi) from the city center of Oslo. The venue is owned and operated by Fornebu Arena AS, which is again owned by Stabæk Holding, which also owns Stabæk Fotball	Fotball	PROPN	.	PUNCT	.
She displaced 17,600 metric tons (17,300 long tons) at standard load and 20,570 metric tons (20,250 long tons) at normal load. Her crew consisted of 1,100 officers and enlisted men. Hiryū was fitted with four geared steam turbine sets with a total of 153,000	153,000	NUM	shaft	NOUN	 shaft
The role of Isabella is portrayed by Indian actress Freida Pinto, who after an introduction by Guzmán, the zoo owner, starts to pull off " gravity defying spins on the pole " as Mars and his mates, who serve as the house band, perform the	the	DET	song	NOUN	 song
The fourth limb proscribes the imposition of religious tests to qualify for any Commonwealth office or public trust. Only the " establishing religion " and " prohibiting free exercise " limbs have been the subject of cases before the High Court. The section sits in Chapter V of	of	ADP	the	DET	 the
The proposed category of disordered attachment is parallel to RAD in its inhibited and disinhibited forms, as defined in DSM and ICD. The second category is secure base distortion, where the child has a preferred familiar caregiver, but the relationship is such that the child can	can	AUX	not	PART	 not
Music was originally created by Brian Johnston (Scott's younger brother), who sampled bits of copyrighted music. This had been common practice, but at that point there was a growing awareness of music copyright. Psygnosis asked Tim Wright to replace the offending tracks,	,	PUNCT	who	PRON	 who
While Leonard Harrison and Colton Point State Parks and parts of the surrounding Tioga State Forest are now the Pine Creek Gorge National Natural Landmark, it is their status as part of a Pennsylvania State Natural Area that provides the strongest protection for them. Within this Natural Area	Area	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
This location made the vessel an easy target for German bombing (at that time, one vessel out of four had suffered bombing), and the team members remained at full readiness to evacuate the vessel at short notice. The women's group stayed on deck in	in	ADP	the	DET	 the
Upon the death of Lord Lurgan in 1937, Carnavon was told that he had to begin paying for his staying at the hotel, but was given a " slight reduction for old time's sake ". Carnarvon later remarked: " The Ritz has been my London	London	PROPN	home	NOUN	 home
Originally only two dates were announced, however due to huge demand from fans two further dates were added at the Stadium of Light. Kings of Leon played at the stadium on 17 June 2011 as part of their nationwide tour across Britain. During the summer of 2012	2012	NUM	,	PUNCT	,
It is added to borscht shortly before the soup is done, as prolonged boiling would cause the tart flavor to dissipate. The beet sour is known in Slavic languages as kvas (literally ' sour, acid '; compare kvass) and in Yiddish as rosl (	(	PUNCT	from	ADP	from
Because eruptive activity ceased 250,000 years ago, glaciers have heavily eroded the volcano's structure, creating precipitous slopes and a horn like peak. The spire like shape of Thielsen attracts lightning strikes and creates fulgurite, an unusual mineral. The prominent horn forms a centerpiece for	for	ADP	the	DET	 the
Nine years later, in a similar fashion, Red Sox manager Terry Francona managed the American League team at the All Star Game at Yankee Stadium, in the stadium's final season. On September 10, 1999, Chili Davis ' second inning home run was the	the	DET	only	ADJ	 only
For the first time, Grove finished a full season with an ERA above 4.00. He ended the season with six wins, eight losses, a 4.44 ERA, and six complete games. Grove spent the off season working in the men's furnishings department of Henry	Henry	PROPN	C.	PROPN	 C.
The single release was originally announced on January 23, 2013. It was released in Britain on March 11, and in the United States on the 17th. " Super Rich Kids " is an R & B and neo soul ballad set in common time and a	a	DET	slow	ADJ	 slow
By 1830, the road network in Istria had expanded to a degree that would not change for a century and a half. The only significant improvement of region's roads was paving of the Trieste – Pula road in 1930s. During the Second World War all the	the	DET	roads	NOUN	 roads
She goes even further in the next episode, " I Kissed a Girl ", when she stuffs an election ballot box in Kurt's favor to keep him from losing. He loses anyway, and she confesses: she is suspended from school for a week and	and	CCONJ	forbidden	VERB	 forbidden
In the late 17th century, a number of physical astronomy theories drawing from Kepler's work — notably those of Giovanni Alfonso Borelli and Robert Hooke — began to incorporate attractive forces (though not the quasi spiritual motive species postulated by Kepler) and the Cartesian concept of	of	ADP	inertia	NOUN	 inertia
The Spanish city of Almería was also used as a location. Largo's Palmyran fortress was actually historic Fort Carré in Antibes. For Largo's ship, the Flying Saucer, the yacht Nabila, owned by Saudi billionaire, Adnan Khashoggi, was used. The boat	boat	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
" Other reactions were unfavorable. Artist Kenyon Cox, one of the invited artists to the 1891 competition, stated, " I think it disgraceful that this great country should have such a coin as this. " Harper's Weekly proclaimed, " The mountain had labored	labored	VERB	and	CCONJ	 and
It is based neither on a clear electoral mandate like ordinary MPs, nor on expertise or specialization (as in the case of NMPs). As a result, the privileges of NCMPs are severely curtailed and this limits their effectiveness as alternative voices in Parliament. Further	Further	ADV	,	PUNCT	,
Tilghman Street and Union Boulevard became a major long distance traffic route, and as of 1999 had eight diners as a reminder of this past importance. In addition to US 22, Tilghman Street also carried U.S. Route 309 and Pennsylvania Route 29 between 19th Street and Seventh	Seventh	PROPN	Street	PROPN	 Street
For production, the process was changed to use magnesium instead of calcium; magnesium was cheaper, more readily available, and purer. But it was also harder to start the reaction with magnesium than calcium, requiring more heating. The uranium tetrafluoride, known as green	green	ADJ	salt	NOUN	 salt
Hundreds of slow lorises are sold domestically each year in Indonesian at open air animal markets (or " bird markets "), as well as in shopping malls. Slow lorises are the most commonly sold protected primate at these markets. Live trade is the most common	common	ADJ	,	PUNCT	,
He plans to use the Dark Sword of Chaos to use Irene's life force to open the Gate of Darkness and call up all the demons, while Ryu awakens them from their sleep. Jaquio then challenges Ryu to a showdown in which Ryu defeats him. Before	Before	SCONJ	Ryu	PROPN	 Ryu
In the past it included the Philippine crocodile, C. n. mindorensis, as a subspecies, but today they are regarded as separate species. The habitat of the New Guinea crocodile is mostly freshwater swamps and lakes. It is most active at night when it feeds on	on	ADP	fish	NOUN	 fish
After reviewing various other critics of Shakespeare, Hazlitt focuses on two of the most important, including the influential Dr. Johnson. Hazlitt found the Shakespearean criticism of Johnson, the premier literary critic of the previous era, troubling in several ways. He insufficiently valued the tragedies	tragedies	NOUN	;	PUNCT	;
Although the villa was small, the couple used its 2 hectares (4.9 acres) of land to open a large flower garden, with their income subsidised by Oerip's pension from the KNIL. At his villa, named KEM (for Klaarheid en Moed, or	or	CCONJ	"	PUNCT	 "
" Television Without Pity gave the third season finale an " A ". The Sydney Morning Herald wrote that Lost " may have unjumped [the shark] with [the] flashforward. " Entertainment Weekly ranked it as one of the top ten episodes of 2007,	,	PUNCT	saying	VERB	 saying
He was commissioned as a lieutenant in September. He landed at Anzac on 25 April 1915, and his battalion made the farthest advance of any Australian unit that day. Invalided to Australia, he became commander of the 33rd Infantry Battalion, which he led on the	the	DET	Western	PROPN	 Western
After failing to regain his fitness for the final, he announced his retirement. Madeley played in his place but Gordon McQueen had been signed as his long term replacement. He played his testimonial against Celtic, and was given £28,000 of the £40,000 matchday takings	takings	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
On August 6 it had appeared Hector had strengthened, but steadily weakened afterwards and finally dissipated on August 9, while 650 miles (1,045 km) east of Hilo, Hawaii. Hector never a threat to land. A wave that first came off the northwest coast	coast	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
At this time, Generalfeldmarschall (General Field Marshal) Paul von Hindenburg, the commander in chief of German forces on the Eastern Front, ordered a major assault on Libau. Hopman ordered his forces to support an attempt by the German Army to seize the city.	.	PUNCT	The	DET	 The
Vasu reworked the script he wrote for Apthamitra to suit Rajinikanth's style of acting. The film dealt mainly with the concept of dissociative identity disorder, commonly known as " multiple personality disorder " (MPD) or " split personality syndrome ". Another film titled Anniyan	Anniyan	PROPN	(	PUNCT	 (
One hundred edits were added before the security protection was added. " The Negotiation " first aired on April 5, 2007 in the United States on NBC as a " super sized " episode, a term used by the network and media outlets to indicate an unusually	unusually	ADV	long	ADJ	 long
The following year, artificial turf was installed at Memorial Stadium. The Garden City Public Schools Foundation was founded in 2004. In 2006, an open air courtyard located at the center of the previous high school was enclosed and replaced with an atrium to increase space for	for	ADP	lunchtime	ADJ	 lunchtime
In an interview, Brown described the work as " a blast. " He said " I came up with this voice that didn't sound anything like me. I channeled this very strange person. Only three people I know figured out it was even me when	when	SCONJ	they	PRON	 they
However, Dety quickly fell to tropical disturbance status the next day while undergoing a counterclockwise loop. After turning back to the southeast, Dety remained a weak system for several days, dissipating on February 11. The MFR began tracking a tropical disturbance on March 1 between	between	ADP	Mauritius	PROPN	 Mauritius
The state's first governor's mansion was constructed during the gubernatorial tenure of James Garrard. According to tradition, future governors Thomas Metcalfe (a stonemason) and Robert P. Letcher (who worked at his father's brickyard) participated in the construction of the first governor	governor	NOUN	's	PART	's
Factors taken into account by this analysis included increased benefits particularly for the individual market, more healthy policyholders due to the mandate, administrative efficiencies related to the health exchanges, and high premium insurance plans reducing some benefits in response to the tax. As of September 2013	2013	NUM	,	PUNCT	,
Clash started working at Sesame Street for ten episodes in 1983, mostly performing nondescript, stand in puppets known as Anything Muppets. Some of his earliest characters included the saxophone playing Hoots the Owl (based on Louis Armstrong), the infant Baby Natasha, and inventor	inventor	NOUN	Dr.	PROPN	 Dr.
" Billboard's Gary Trust felt that on the album, Carey was in " pristine form ", stating, " She's proclaimed emancipation before, but Mariah Carey's never sounded as free as she does on her 10th album. Carey's made a pop album	album	NOUN	with	ADP	 with
The company was expected to take the opposite approach to Marvel, releasing individual films for the characters after they have appeared in a team up film. The release of Man of Steel in 2013 was intended to be the start of a new shared universe for DC,	,	PUNCT	"	PUNCT	 "
She is voiced by Olivia Olson in most appearances, by Ava Acres as a child and by Cloris Leachman as an old woman. Marceline is a fun loving 1,000 year old trickster vampire queen. The name " Marceline " is based on the middle name of a	a	DET	childhood	ADJ	 childhood
ASU ’ s Rudy Carpenter fumbled the ball as ASU was close to scoring a touchdown. Chris Jessee, a member of the Longhorns football operations staff and Mack Brown ’ s stepson, stepped onto the field and may or may not have touched the ball as it	it	PRON	bounced	VERB	 bounced
The song was certified gold by the Australian Recording Industry Association, denoting sales of 35,000 copies. On the Slovakian Airplay Chart, " DNA " debuted at number 48 for the chart's 48th week of 2012. After weeks of fluctuating, the song achieved its peak	peak	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
The Forbidden City, as the residence of the terrestrial emperor, was its earthly counterpart. Jin, or " Forbidden ", referred to the fact that no one could enter or leave the palace without the emperor's permission. Cheng means a city. Today,	,	PUNCT	the	DET	 the
As he became more frail, O'Reily would ask certain priests to accompany him when he travelled, among whom was the Dominican prior Robert Spence. When O'Reily requested a coadjutor in 1913, he chose Spence as his first preference for the role. Despite the reluctance of	of	ADP	some	DET	 some
The calf remains with its mother until her next calf is born a year later. The black wildebeest inhabits open plains, grasslands and Karoo shrublands. The natural populations of black wildebeest, endemic to the southern part of Africa, were almost completely exterminated in the 19th	19th	ADJ	century	NOUN	 century
Bell was impressed by the way the characters ' relationship " inspires gay youth in a way that we haven't seen on network television yet " and called them " amazing role models for all teens ", and Fallon said it was " remarkable " and a "	"	PUNCT	milestone	NOUN	 milestone
The dealership became successful and Easley was named president of the African American Dealers Association. In 1999, Easley, along with Buffalo Bills defensive end Bruce Smith, were named as the new owners of the Norfolk Nighthawks of the AF2, a semi professional arena football league	league	NOUN	branched	VERB	 branched
The gas leak resulted in an explosion and an ensuing fire that killed six people. Firefighters were unable to render assistance as the building was completely surrounded by floodwaters. Additionally, one man drowned in his vehicle in a river. Damage in Pennsylvania totaled to $215	215	NUM	million	NUM	 million
The garrison on Ösel numbered some 14,000 men. The operation began on 12 October, when Bayern, along with Moltke and the four Königs, began firing on the Russian shore batteries at Tagga Bay. Simultaneously, the five Kaisers engaged the batteries on the Sworbe peninsula	peninsula	NOUN	;	PUNCT	;
It is still considered one of the greatest music videos of all time, ranking number 40 on Stylus Magazine's list of the top 100 music videos of all time. Though regular 6 string acoustic guitars and electric bass guitar was used in the original studio recording of	of	ADP	the	DET	 the
The Associated Press reported that Piane was " drawn to the musicality of Bale's rage filled voice ". Piane spent three hours working on the remix. " When I heard Christian Bale flip out I had to remix the track.... It's good to hear that	that	SCONJ	clubs	NOUN	 clubs
It had been proposed to expand it to a larger Islamic centre on a 70000 m² site. It was originally reported that the structure, had it been built, would have been the largest religious building in Britain – three times the size of St Paul's Cathedral	Cathedral	PROPN	–	PUNCT	 –
Abi receives her exam results and discovers she has not gained the grades to go to university to become a vet, but Lauren, believing that Abi has passed the exams, throws a party, during which Abi blurts out that she blames Lauren for her poor results	results	NOUN	because	SCONJ	 because
Analogously, as uranium decays (eventually) into lead, their relative amounts change; this allows for uranium – lead dating. Apart from the stable isotopes, which make up almost all of lead that exists naturally, there are trace quantities of a few radioactive isotopes	isotopes	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
For long distance travel, Re di Portogallo was fitted with three masts and was barque rigged. Re di Portogallo was a broadside ironclad, and she was armed with a main battery of six 72 pounder 8 in (200 mm) guns and thirty two 164 mm	mm	NOUN	(	PUNCT	 (
She has participated in fashion shows displaying red dresses worn on celebrities as well. Bush's mother, Jenna Welch, was diagnosed with breast cancer at the age of 78. She endured surgery and currently has no further signs of cancer. Laura Bush has become a	a	DET	breast	NOUN	 breast
Coon is an easily angered Maine Coon who specializes in swimming. Minky is a Tonkinese who befriends Cyan and Scottie and is named after her mink like fur. On the opposing side is Siam, a Siamese cat who controls all of West Ikebukuro and is the leader	leader	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
Hearing sounds of digging, they dismounted, continuing on foot until they located a group of Turks digging trenches. Part of their objective was to remain undetected, so they withdrew, leaving the Turkish force alone. They eventually located the section of track they were looking	looking	VERB	for	ADP	 for
Derek Staples of Consequence of Sound commented on the album's wide range of genres, including glitch, chillwave, techno, acid jazz and jungle, and said Syro " peaks as Aphex Twin's most accessible album since his ambient works ", ultimately giving the album	album	NOUN	a	DET	 a
Clinton's primary rival, Paul Tsongas (the New Hampshire Democratic primary winner), later withdrew, citing a lack of campaign funds. Richard Mintz, a Washington public relations consultant who worked with Emanuel on the campaign, spoke about the soundness of the idea:	:	PUNCT	"	PUNCT	 "
From Chindong ni some ROK Marine Corps units continued the line to the southern coast. Kean's 25th Division command post was at Masan, the 35th Infantry command post was on the east side of the Chirwon Chung ni road, the 24th Infantry command post was at	at	ADP	Haman	PROPN	 Haman
Lord Nelson regarded her as his favourite ship, and to her crew she was known by the affectionate nickname ' Eggs – and – Bacon '. According to an article in The Gentleman's Magazine, her crew renamed her as they did not like the classical names	names	NOUN	that	PRON	 that
In May 1941, Representative Edith Nourse Rogers of Massachusetts introduced the bill in the U.S. Congress to establish a Women's Auxiliary Army Corps (WAAC). " As the word auxiliary suggests, women would serve not in the Army, but with it. " As	As	ADP	such	ADJ	 such
East Sussex County Council has responsibility for education, libraries, social services, civil registration, trading standards and transport. Out of the 49 seats, nine are filled by the Eastbourne wards. The 2009 East Sussex County Council election resulted in 29 Conservatives, 13 Liberal	Liberal	PROPN	Democrats	PROPN	 Democrats
South of the Tuscola County line, the trunkline passes the Greenbriar Golf Club and crosses the Pere Marquette Railroad before turning west along Saginaw Road into the community of Mayville and turning north along Mertz Road. South of Caro, M 24 meets M 46. Once past	past	ADP	Frank	PROPN	 Frank
5 June 2013 — Villars les Dombes to Parc des Oiseaux, 32.5 km (20.2 mi), individual time trial (ITT) The race's only individual time trial of an extensive length was held as an out and back loop around Villars les Dombes in the	the	DET	Ain	PROPN	 Ain
In the closing months of 1992, and also the opening months of 1993, dozens of articles mentioning misdeeds by the royal families of several states – but in particular Sultan Iskandar himself were published. A good deal of these alleged misdeeds that were mentioned included the charging	charging	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
Early on July 23, the storm briefly became disorganized, with the low level circulation becoming ill defined. Around the same time, Emilia passed about 175 mi (280 km) southwest of Manzanillo, which was its closest approach to southwestern Mexico; it is believed	believed	VERB	to	PART	 to
Meanwhile, Jack Donaghy (Alec Baldwin) meets a successful and attractive CNBC host (Banks). Elsewhere, Jenna Maroney (Jane Krakowski) is frustrated when her stalker (Sanz) finally loses interest. " Anna Howard Shaw Day " was generally, though not	not	PART	universally	ADV	 universally
In all but 1936 (he scored 993 runs that year), he scored around 1,500 runs and in all but 1938 (he averaged just under 34), he averaged between 36 and 38. He was second in the Yorkshire batting averages in 1936, fourth	fourth	ADJ	in	ADP	 in
Eddy allowed exceptions from Christian Science prayer, including for dentistry, optometry and broken limbs; she said she had healed broken bones using " mental surgery, " but that this skill would be the last to be learned. But for the most part (then and	and	CCONJ	now	ADV	 now
In 1988 Sonic Youth recorded " Within You Without You " for the NME's multi artist tribute Sgt. Pepper Knew My Father. Fricke highlights this recording as an example of how, regardless of its Indian origins, the composition can be interpreted on electric guitar effectively	effectively	ADV	and	CCONJ	 and
Over 90% of this pollution comes from farm runoff. 80% of the land adjacent to the Great Barrier Reef is used for farming including intensive cropping of sugar cane, and major beef cattle grazing. Farming practices damage the reef due to overgrazing, increased run	run	VERB	off	ADP	 off
The result of this election were declared on 16 May, before the 15th Lok Sabha completed its constitutional mandate on 31 May 2014. Rahul Gandhi was appointed to head a six member committee to formulate and implement alliances, the party manifesto, and general publicity for the	the	DET	election	NOUN	 election
In 1976 she was awarded an OBE. In 1986 she was awarded a CBE. David has appeared in fictional form at least twice. In 2000 a novel, Lunch with Elizabeth David, by Roger Williams was published by Carroll & Graf, and in 2006,	,	PUNCT	the	DET	 the
This is reflected by the locution " Disgusted of Tunbridge Wells ", a fictional writer of letters to national newspapers in the 1950s to express outrage and defend conservative values. The Pantiles and its chalybeate spring have been the landmarks most readily associated with Royal Tunbridge Wells ever	ever	ADV	since	SCONJ	 since
Constable's charcoal and wash study of the " ivy mantled tower " in stanza 3 is held by the Victoria and Albert Museum, as is his watercolour study of Stoke Poges church, while the watercolour for stanza 5, in which the narrator leans on a gravestone	gravestone	NOUN	to	PART	 to
Galileo was one of the first Europeans to observe sunspots, although Kepler had unwittingly observed one in 1607, but mistook it for a transit of Mercury. He also reinterpreted a sunspot observation from the time of Charlemagne, which formerly had been attributed (impossibly) to	to	ADP	a	DET	 a
747 AAC – a Boeing study under contract from the USAF for an " airborne aircraft carrier " for up to 10 Boeing Model 985 121 " microfighters " with the ability to launch, retrieve, re arm, and refuel. Boeing believed that the scheme would be	be	AUX	able	ADJ	 able
The brigade's mission at that time focused on close air support, medevac missions, and other duties involving combat with Taliban and Al Qaeda forces in the country. The brigade returned to Fort Drum in 2004. In winter 2006 the brigade was deployed again to Afghanistan	Afghanistan	PROPN	to	PART	 to
Pentangle reached their highest point of commercial success with the release of their Basket of Light album in 1969. The single, Light Flight, taken from the album became popular through its use as theme music for a TV drama series Take Three Girls for which the band	band	NOUN	also	ADV	 also
He felt that with this approach everyone would benefit at the company level and in the national economy. Such an approach would require mutual respect and understanding between labor and management. Flanders ’ s relations with organized labor were amicable. He welcomed the United Electrical Workers Union	Union	PROPN	into	ADP	 into
Five Omaha based companies: Berkshire Hathaway, ConAgra Foods, Union Pacific Railroad, Mutual of Omaha, and Kiewit Corporation, are among the Fortune 500. Omaha is the headquarters of several other major corporations, including the Gallup Organization, TD Ameritrade, infoGROUP, Werner	Werner	PROPN	Enterprises	PROPN	 Enterprises
Boniface had Mellitus take two papal letters back to England, one to Æthelbert and his people, and another to Laurence, the Archbishop of Canterbury. He also brought back the synod's decrees to England. No authentic letters or documents from this synod remain, although	although	SCONJ	some	PRON	 some
The use of motion detecting game controllers – particularly the Wii's – " promised to make FPS controls more approachable and precise with an interface as simple as literally pointing to aim " and thus " dramatically reshape the first person shooter. " However, technical difficulties pertinent	pertinent	ADJ	to	ADP	 to
During the course of filming, the submarine depot ship HMS Maidstone was used as a mother ship for Tiptoe. In 1952 a further cinematic link was made when ballet dancer Moira Shearer presented a pair of size 3.5 satin ballet shoes to Tiptoe that she had worn in	in	ADP	the	DET	 the
He built a reputation as a " fighting admiral " in the aircraft carrier battles of 1942 and commanded the Allied forces in the Aleutian Islands Campaign. He was Commander Allied Naval Forces and the Seventh Fleet under General of the Army Douglas MacArthur in the Southwest Pacific Area	Area	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
The area is divided into 69 mauzas and 59 villages. Along with neighboring towns such as Hathazari, Fateyabad, Patiya and Boalkhali, Sitakunda Town was developed as a satellite town to relieve the increasing population pressure on Chittagong, with Bhatiari and Sadar unions selected as zones	zones	NOUN	for	ADP	 for
The badge of the club is one of the most recognizable sport symbols in Slovenia. It is based on the official emblem of the city of Maribor, which is turn based on a 14th century seal with minor differences. The badge is formed in a shape of	of	ADP	a	DET	 a
Other memes originating on the site have gained media attention of a lesser degree. These include " So I herd u liek mudkipz " [sic], which involves a phrase based on Pokémon and which generated numerous YouTube tribute videos, and the term " an hero	hero	NOUN	"	PUNCT	 "
At age 17, Peale began to work for the Delaware cotton factory of William Young, on the Brandywine River, learning the making of machines. He was an apt student, becoming adept as a turner, founder, and draftsman. He was tolerated in his	his	PRON	desire	NOUN	 desire
The script was written by the usual eight person team led by Victoria Pile, and produced and directed by the same people who recorded all the previous episodes. The special was recorded at the same time as the second series. The exterior scenes were harder to shoot	shoot	VERB	.	PUNCT	.
It was released worldwide throughout February 2012. On December 29, 2011, Fallout: New Vegas director Josh " J.E. " Sawyer released an unofficial mod for the PC version. The mod adjusts the maximum level to 35, halves the rate of increase in player experience	experience	NOUN	points	NOUN	 points
The team ended Terry and Dory Funk, Jr. ' s year and a half run with the WWC World Tag Team championship on 1 May 1982. Kent and Heffernan held the gold for less than two months before losing the WWC World Tag Team titles to Invader I	I	PROPN	and	CCONJ	 and
In 2000, Benjamin signed a contract with the World Wrestling Federation (WWF) and was placed in its developmental territory Ohio Valley Wrestling (OVW). There, he formed a tag team with Brock Lesnar, where he was wrestling Brock's wrestling coach at the	the	DET	University	PROPN	 University
Along with wind direction, cloud cover is one of the oldest atmospheric conditions to be coded on a station model. The circle in the middle of the station model represents cloud cover. In the United Kingdom, when the observation is taken from an automated weather observation	observation	NOUN	site	NOUN	 site
From the early 1890s to around 1910, farms boomed both in number and in value, with the number of cash crops nearly tripling. The region produced over 70,000 chickens and almost 7,000 pigs yearly. Cooper continued to grow into the 1920s. The bank had been	been	AUX	rebuilt	VERB	 rebuilt
The Autobiography was No. 1 on Maclean's list of nonfiction bestsellers in Canada for four weeks and spent fifteen weeks in the top ten. The book was on The Globe and Mail's non fiction bestsellers ' list for five weeks and peaked at No. 6	6	NUM	.	PUNCT	.
Did it cause all of my ideas to die as soon as they were born? Was it his heaven given ability, writing which was blessed by the gods, that stopped me in my tracks? Neither he nor his companions who helped him were able to stop	stop	VERB	my	PRON	 my
The first chemical for hypertension, sodium thiocyanate, was used in 1900 but had many side effects and was unpopular. Several other agents were developed after the Second World War, the most popular and reasonably effective of which were tetramethylammonium chloride, hexamethonium, hydralazine and reserpine	reserpine	NOUN	(	PUNCT	 (
Executive producer Cameron Welsh promised viewers that the storyline would play a big part of the serial in 2011. He also stated: " Fans will definitely take sides on this one. Luke Mitchell, Rebecca Breeds and Samara Weaving are having a great time with this storyline	storyline	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
Large scale support for the Confederacy among Golden Circle members and southern Hoosiers in general declined after Morgan's raiders ransacked many homes bearing the banners of the Golden Circle, despite their proclaimed support for the Confederate cause. After Hoosiers failed to support Morgan's troops in significant	significant	ADJ	numbers	NOUN	 numbers
After the fair, the Playhouse became the Seattle Repertory Theatre; in the mid 1980s it became the Intiman Playhouse. When the Intiman Theatre closed, Cornish College of the Arts took over the lease from the city of Seattle, and now operates it as the Cornish	Cornish	PROPN	Playhouse	PROPN	 Playhouse
the size and shape of the upper jaw and lower jaw, looking especially for problems such as maxillary hypoplasia (an underdeveloped upper jaw), micrognathia (an abnormally small jaw), or retrognathia (misalignment of the upper and lower jaw). the thyromental distance	distance	NOUN	:	PUNCT	:
He also decided to avoid the conventional good versus evil setting typical for the genre, using the fight between Achilles and Hector in Homer's Iliad, where no one stands out as either a hero or a villain, as an example of what he wants to achieve	achieve	VERB	with	ADP	 with
To help him with all this work, his wife Paula inked many of his pencil drawings in these years. After the liberation of Belgium in September 1944, there was a boom of new magazines for the youth, both in French and Dutch. Many of those	those	PRON	tried	VERB	 tried
Congress and the northern white public, however, had lost interest in African American rights, and federal funding for universal education did not find support in Congress during Garfield's term. Garfield also worked to appoint several African Americans to prominent positions: Frederick Douglass, recorder	recorder	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
The event that sparked formal hostilities was the capture of a boat and the murder of its captain John Oldham in 1636, an event blamed on allies of the Pequots. In April 1637, a raid on a Pequot village by John Endicott led to a retaliatory raid	raid	NOUN	by	ADP	 by
Browder regretted after season 10 that he had not worked enough with the cast besides Tapping, and that " the fans probably feel that way as well ". Several episodes hint at Mitchell's love life. The early episodes of season 9 suggest a relationship between Mitchell	Mitchell	PROPN	and	CCONJ	 and
Construction of the extension began in June 1928. Due to the station's proximity to the Cranberry Street Tunnel under the East River, instead of typical cut and cover (or open cut) construction methods, the station site was constructed 70 feet (21 m)	)	PUNCT	below	ADP	 below
I mean, all the bands say they try to make the strongest album, but this time, I think we will really do it. " On 4 January 2016, the band posted a video on their YouTube page announcing the new album would be out in	in	ADP	spring	NOUN	 spring
[On the I Am disc,] I really wanted people to hear my voice and hear what I had to say. " " Broken Hearted Girl " is a midtempo pop ballad with an emo soul texture. Beyoncé's vocals are accompanied by strings, a	a	DET	drum	NOUN	 drum
The training exercises which he conducted in the succeeding months with Navy high speed transports (APDs) led to the organization of the 1st Marine Raider Battalion in early 1942. This unit was the prototype of every Marine Raider battalion formed throughout the war. He was promoted	promoted	VERB	to	PART	 to
After attending Helena High School for two years, he left school in 1918 and returned to the family ranch to help raise their five hundred head of cattle and work full time as a cowboy. In 1919, his father arranged for his son to complete his high	high	ADJ	school	NOUN	 school
Not only do their bodies tend to regulate temperatures within the nest, but excrement, food remains and feather and skin fragments provide nourishment for a large and diverse population of free living mesostigmatic mites. A survey of twelve nests found 13,352 individuals of 34 species, the	the	DET	most	ADV	 most
According to the race's rules, the three candidates receiving the most votes on the first ballot would move on to a second ballot, which would use a preferential voting system to select a winner. Stelmach finished third on the first ballot with 15.3% of the	the	DET	vote	NOUN	 vote
During the excavations, large caliber firearms were found – hakebössor, similar to blunderbusses; they were equipped with a small catch underneath the barrel which allowed them to be hooked over a railing to allow it to absorb the recoil of the charges. One hakebössa was still	still	ADV	loaded	VERB	 loaded
Crowley soon progressed through the lower grades of the Golden Dawn, and was ready to enter the group's inner Second Order. He was unpopular in the group; his bisexuality and libertine lifestyle had gained him a bad reputation, and he had developed feuds with some	some	PRON	of	ADP	 of
With hostility towards reform growing, the poor results, and Kosygin's reformist stance, led to a popular backlash against him. Kosygin lost most of the privileges he had enjoyed before the reform, but Brezhnev was never able to remove him from the office of Chairman	Chairman	PROPN	of	ADP	 of
Henry III restored some protection and Jewish money lending began to recover. Despite this, the Jewish community became increasingly impoverished and was finally expelled from England in 1290 by Edward I, being replaced by foreign merchants. Christianity had been the official imperial religion of the Roman	Roman	PROPN	Empire	PROPN	 Empire
The album features guest vocals from Afrikan Boy, The Wilcannia Mob, and Timbaland, and further collaborations with Switch, Blaqstarr, Morganics and Diplo. She likened the process of recording the album to " making a big old marble cake with lots of different countries and	and	CCONJ	influences	NOUN	 influences
The revolutionary leader Mirabeau eventually settled the matter by symbolically starting the destruction of the battlements himself, after which a panel of five experts was appointed by the Permanent Committee of the Hôtel de Ville to manage the demolition of the castle. One of these experts was Pierre	Pierre	PROPN	François	PROPN	 François
By the mid 1980s, both the District line (extended to the East End in 1884 and 1902) and Central line (1946) were running beyond their capacity, and the Docklands Light Railway (1987) and Jubilee line (1999) were constructed to improve	improve	VERB	rail	NOUN	 rail
Successful Hezbollah counterintelligence operations include thwarting the CIA's attempted kidnapping of foreign operations chief Hassan Ezzeddine in 1994; the 1997 manipulation of a double agent that led to the Ansariya Ambush; and the 2000 kidnapping of alleged Mossad agent Elhanan Tannenbaum. Hezbollah also collaborated with the	the	DET	Lebanese	ADJ	 Lebanese
Henry often acted as a purchaser for the king, for example in 1188 Cornhill spent 290 pounds on gold, jewels, furs, and cloth for the king. Henry was present at the deathbed of Henry II in 1189. The new king, Richard I,	,	PUNCT	kept	VERB	 kept
Then any possible function other than a matrix is derived from a matrix by means of generalization, that is, by considering the proposition which asserts that the function in question is true with all possible values or with some value of one of the arguments, the other	other	ADJ	argument	NOUN	 argument
Harding vetoed it, and the veto was narrowly sustained. A bonus, not payable in cash, was voted to soldiers despite Coolidge's veto in 1924. In his first annual message to Congress, Harding sought the power to adjust tariff rates. The passage of	of	ADP	the	DET	 the
As a reviewer for the U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA), she refused to authorize thalidomide for market because she had concerns about the drug's safety. Her concerns proved to be justified when it was shown that thalidomide caused serious birth defects. Kelsey's	's	PART	career	NOUN	 career
" " The Stones of Venice " (1919), " A Day Under the Big Top: A Study in Life and Art " (1924), " On Believing and Leaving " (1928), " Toward an American Architecture " (1930),	,	PUNCT	"	PUNCT	 "
From November to April 1944, the ship was based in Freetown to escort convoys between Freetown and Gibraltar. In May she was assigned to the 14th Destroyer Flotilla of the Mediterranean Fleet where she escorted convoys and supported Allied operations in the Aegean. On 19 September 1944	1944	NUM	,	PUNCT	,
The Harbour porpoise, spectacled porpoise, Burmeister's porpoise, and Dall's porpoise are all listed on Appendix II of the Convention on the Conservation of Migratory Species of Wild Animals (CMS). In addition, the Harbour porpoise is covered by the Agreement on the	the	DET	Conservation	PROPN	 Conservation
He embarked on numerous storyline feuds with " legendary " wrestlers and gained infamy for his blatant disrespect of many older, well respected names in wrestling history. With the help of his stablemate and mentor Ric Flair, he defeated Shawn Michaels at Unforgiven in the first of	of	ADP	many	ADJ	 many
Japan will host the 2019 IRB Rugby World Cup. Baseball is currently the most popular spectator sport in the country. Japan's top professional league, now known as Nippon Professional Baseball, was established in 1936. Since the establishment of the Japan Professional Football League in	in	ADP	1992	NUM	 1992
' The lesson is, Every time you do, you get slaughtered. " The Iron Giant received widespread critical acclaim from both critics and audiences. Based on 132 reviews collected by the review aggregate website Rotten Tomatoes, The Iron Giant received an overall 96% approval	approval	NOUN	rating	NOUN	 rating
Lt. Cmdr. Data (Brent Spiner) and Geordi La Forge (LeVar Burton) are unable to locate Picard or Riker and, assuming them to already be on the Starbase, order an emergency evacuation. They set the ship to leave the Starbase and warp	warp	VERB	to	ADP	 to
Central Campus was the original location of U M when it moved to Ann Arbor in 1837. It originally had a school and dormitory building (where Mason Hall now stands) and several houses for professors on forty acres of land bounded by North University Avenue, South	South	PROPN	University	PROPN	 University
Very few of them were in condition to follow their leader, who fell, covered with wounds, in the middle of a Russian square into which he had flung himself almost alone. The Emperor ordered the best surgeons to attend to d'Hautpoul. These disagreed on the	the	DET	method	NOUN	 method
He had been invalided out of the Navy after fighting in the Battle of Copenhagen in 1801, but retained his military interest: he made chalk models to sell, and rigged up four pistols to form a miniature battery which he would fire to celebrate military anniversaries.	.	PUNCT	Read	PROPN	 Read
Some unclear passages in the Coffin Texts suggest that Apep was thought capable of injuring or stealing the Eye of Ra from its master during the combat. In other texts, the Eye's fiery breath assists in Apep's destruction. This apotropaic function of the Eye of	of	ADP	Ra	PROPN	 Ra
... I could good people rehearse much more... but you know I have another thing to do, whereunto I must prepare me, for the time draweth away.... And after he had thus spoken he kneeled down... and bowing toward the block he said, I	I	PRON	have	AUX	 have
However, the review took issue with the characterisation of She and the manner of her demise: " To the present writer there is a sense of the ludicrous in the end of She that spoiled, instead of concluding with imaginative fitness, the thread of the impossible	impossible	ADJ	worked	VERB	 worked
Danny Smith, Alec Sulkin and Wellesley Wild served as executive producers, and James Purdum and Domonic Bianchi as supervising directors. Guest stars and recurring actors Omid Abtahi, Bill English, Ralph Garman, Mark Hentemann, Jerry Lambert, Rachael MacFarlane, Natasha Melnick, Kim	Kim	PROPN	Parks	PROPN	 Parks
The city's website was given a " Sunny Award " by Sunshine Review for its transparency efforts. As the capital of Arizona, Phoenix houses the state legislature, along with numerous state government agencies, many of which are located in the State Capitol district immediately west	west	ADV	of	ADP	 of
Bannon witnessed a younger sorority sister's unabashed infatuation with the older sister. She recalls it was an awkward situation, even though the older sorority sister was " unfailingly gracious " to the younger one. In recognizing the younger woman's attractions, she began to suspect	suspect	VERB	her	PRON	 her
" Goblet of Fire stands as one of the best reviewed instalments within the series, and is noted for the maturity and sophistication of its characters, darker and more complex plotline, writing and performances of the lead actors. Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix	Phoenix	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
A circulation began redeveloping on November 26 and at 0000 UTC the next day, the JTWC reclassified the system as a tropical depression; the rejuvenated depression was situated 465 km (290 mi) southeast of Guam at this time. Over the next two days, the	the	DET	storm	NOUN	 storm
However, excavations at nearby Midsummer Hill fort, Bredon Hill, and Croft Ambrey all show evidence of violent destruction around the year 48 AD. This may suggest that the British Camp was abandoned or destroyed around the same time. A study made by Royal Commission in	in	ADP	2005	NUM	 2005
" IGN chose it as the third worst James Bond film, behind only The Man with the Golden Gun and Die Another Day. Total Film listed Mr. Wint and Mr. Kidd, and Bambi and Thumper, as the first and second worst villains in the Bond series	series	NOUN	(	PUNCT	 (
He was succeeded by opposition candidate Ernesto Pérez Balladares on September 1, 1994. Endara ran for office again in 2004 and 2009, but lost to Democratic Revolutionary Party party candidate Martin Torrijos and to independent candidate Ricardo Martinelli. He died of a heart attack on September	September	PROPN	28	NUM	 28
Drake also performed in Dubai, being one of the only artists ever to perform in the city. On February 12, 2015, Drake released If You're Reading This It's Too Late onto iTunes, with no prior announcement. Despite debate on whether it is	is	AUX	an	DET	 an
Guevara learned chess from his father and began participating in local tournaments by age 12. During adolescence and throughout his life, he was passionate about poetry, especially that of Pablo Neruda, John Keats, Antonio Machado, Federico García Lorca, Gabriela Mistral, César Vallejo	Vallejo	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
It was performed at the Tennis Court Theatre at Holyrood Palace before the parliamentary high commissioner John Leslie, Earl of Rothes. Thomas Sydsurf's Tarugo's Wiles or the Coffee House, was first performed in London in 1667 and then in Edinburgh the year after and drew	drew	VERB	on	ADP	 on
Returning to the flour milling business after the war, he was appointed president of the Victorian Flour Millers ' Association in 1948. The following year, Minifie was made managing director of James Minifie & Co. Pty Ltd and its associated companies, in addition to being selected	selected	VERB	as	ADP	 as
Devotion to a particular saint is represented by symbols established in iconography and heraldic tradition. In the Church of England, new bishops typically choose a coat that looks entirely non clerical, not least because their descendants may seek reassignment of the arms, and few of them	them	PRON	are	AUX	 are
The stall ends have poppyheads and are rich with figurative carving. The stalls include 48 misericords, all but five of which are original, depicting a variety of subjects, some humorous and some grotesque. Pevsner states that they are " one of the finest sets in	in	ADP	the	DET	 the
Italy was quiet, and neither Metternich's attempt to lecture the new Prussian king Frederick William IV nor the boredom of the new British Queen Victoria at their first meeting posed immediate problems. Far more worrying was Tsar Nicholas, whose estimation of the Habsburg dynasty and Austria	Austria	PROPN	was	AUX	 was
Stellar light is polarized by atmospheric molecules; this could be detected with a polarimeter. HD 189733 b has been studied by polarimetry. Extrasolar planets have phases similar to the phases of the Moon. By observing the exact variation of brightness with phase, astronomers can calculate	calculate	VERB	atmospheric	ADJ	 atmospheric
A combination of fatigue from the Australian tour and his need to return to work reduced the amount of cricket Allen played in 1937, and he announced his unavailability for the summer's Test series against New Zealand. He played just four first class games that season,	,	PUNCT	scored	VERB	 scored
For example, in all languages, linguistic expressions can be used not just to transmit information, but to perform actions. Certain actions are made only through language, but nonetheless have tangible effects, e.g. the act of " naming ", which creates a new name	name	NOUN	for	ADP	 for
When asked where all her compassion and deep caring came from, Hsu replied: I must have got it from my mother because she was totally dedicated to the job she chose to do and that was looking after the family. I think that trait was passed down	down	ADP	to	ADP	 to
Brühl honoured her with an entry in its Golden Book. Müller helped the national team defend their European Championship title with the national team in Stoke Mandeville, England in 2009. They hoped for a rematch against the United States at the 2012 Summer Paralympic Games in London	London	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
The heightened precautions were due in part to fears that effects from the storm would be similar to that of a devastating hurricane which struck the region two years prior. Most of the damage associated with the hurricane occurred in New Jersey, where the combination of moisture from	from	ADP	the	DET	 the
The trial lasted almost two months, from November 1862 to January 1863, and by the end of it, Garfield had at last procured an assignment as Chief of Staff to Major General William S. Rosecrans. The position of Chief of Staff for a general was usually	usually	ADV	held	VERB	 held
As this was an unofficial competition, any titles during this time are not counted as Irish League Championships. Linfield won this competition twice, in 1915 – 16 along with the Irish Cup, and in 1917 – 18. In the 1921 – 22 season, the	the	DET	club	NOUN	 club
Instead of relying strictly on fast tempos as on Kill ' Em All, Metallica broadened its approach by employing acoustic guitars, extended instrumentals, and more complex harmonies. The overall recording costs were paid by Metallica's European label Music for Nations because Megaforce was unable to	to	PART	cover	VERB	 cover
Billy Budd (1951) was well received at its Covent Garden premiere and was regarded by reviewers as an advance on Peter Grimes. Gloriana (1953), written to mark the coronation of Elizabeth II, had a cool reception at the gala premiere in the presence	presence	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
The Russians had in fact already left Libau, which was seized by the German Army. The minefield laid by Augsburg was poorly marked and hindered German operations more than Russian efforts. Magdeburg and the rest of the Baltic forces then conducted a series of bombardments of Russian	Russian	ADJ	positions	NOUN	 positions
Steaming eastward, she surfaced 10 miles (16 km) off Waikiki on 6 December. The sub was a part of a large group of submarines which would support the Attack on Pearl Harbor. Hashimoto witnessed the final ritual of Kazuo Sakamaki and Kyoji Inagaki, who	who	PRON	would	AUX	 would
Picea breweriana exists in a few small locations on the igneous slopes behind the lake. Other deciduous trees at lower elevations in the area may include such species as bigleaf maple, vine maple, black oak and Pacific dogwood. At higher elevations above the lake (especially	especially	ADV	in	ADP	 in
According to Della Rocca, Thompson then challenged him to a series of gaming debates, claiming that they could each make more than $3,000 per event. When Della Rocca suggested that neither he nor Thompson accept any money for the events, Thompson refused. In July	July	PROPN	2009	NUM	 2009
In 1807, the local landowner Alexander Fraser was clearing his estates to make way for sheep, and founded Evanton as a planned settlement for the relocated residents, modestly naming it after his son. To this day, in the words of one historian, Evanton "	"	PUNCT	remains	VERB	 remains
Critical reception for the series was mixed, with one writer calling it " a lot of fun " while another arguing the premise to be " low minded. " In the first round, the contestants are asked to predict the most popular answer to each of three	three	NUM	questions	NOUN	 questions
Under pressure of the attention from the program, van der Sloot voluntarily checked into a psychiatric clinic before departing for Thailand. He moved to Muang Ake, a suburb of Bangkok, to study business at Rangsit University, but dropped out and bought Sawadee Cup, a	a	DET	restaurant	NOUN	 restaurant
At the same time, hundreds of state maintained highways that did not yet have a route number were assigned one. This included both SH 1282 and the section of SH 286 south of Morton Road as both became part of NY 18, a highway that was extended	extended	VERB	eastward	ADV	 eastward
Following the success of The Terminator, Cameron and producing partner Gale Anne Hurd were given approval to direct and produce the sequel to Alien, scheduled for a 1986 release. Cameron was enticed by the opportunity to create a new world and opted not to follow the same	same	ADJ	formula	NOUN	 formula
She published her last work of translation in 1941. Entitled " In Napoleonic Days ", it was the personal diary of Queen Victoria's maternal grandmother, Augusta, Duchess of Saxe Coburg Saalfeld. She corresponded with the publisher, John Murray, who greatly approved of	of	ADP	the	DET	 the
According to Carey, Twist took her own life in the spring of 2000, and was known for her joy of life and her ability to put people at ease. She was " child like and effervescent ", but behind her mask of happiness was " a	a	DET	well	INTJ	 well
In September and October, Taurus is visible in the evening along the eastern horizon. The most favorable time to observe Taurus in the night sky is during the months of December and January. By March and April, the constellation will appear to the west during the	the	DET	evening	NOUN	 evening
Bradman always denied this, and continued to blame Fingleton; animosity between the pair continued for the rest of their lives. Woodfull's earlier public silence on the tactics had been interpreted as approval; the leak was significant in persuading the Australian public that Bodyline was unacceptable	unacceptable	ADJ	.	PUNCT	.
The dialogue in Gwen and Rhys ' big argument was also censored with two instances of the phrase " piss off! " being removed, whilst Rhys ' line " you fucking him (Jack), or what? " was redubbed to the less profane " you	you	PRON	seeing	VERB	 seeing
In addition to water, mechanical, and candle clocks, incense clocks were used in the Far East, and were fashioned in several different forms. Incense clocks were first used in China around the 6th century; in Japan, one still exists in the Shōsōin,	,	PUNCT	although	SCONJ	 although
3 Count collectively won the WCW Hardcore Championship on WCW Monday Nitro in February 2000. This win made 3 Count the first trio to win the Hardcore Championship. At Uncensored, Brian Knobbs defeated all members of 3 Count to win the Hardcore Championship. During a match	match	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
An average of 12 people worked on Mischief Makers, with up to 15 at times. Though the team was different in composition from that of previous Treasure titles, it included the lead programmer and character designer from Gunstar Heroes. Treasure's CEO said that the company	company	NOUN	liked	VERB	 liked
" Initially, in series one, Ianto is a quiet and more reserved character. Throughout the first series, Ianto's secrets are exposed to the team, particularly in " Cyberwoman " when his motives for joining Torchwood Three are exposed. David Lloyd was " bowled	bowled	VERB	over	ADP	 over
Adding to the Seminoles ' challenges in the 2001 season was the loss of two starting wide receivers: Robert Morgan and Anquan Boldin, both of whom suffered season ending injuries before the first game of the season. The bad omens of the preseason were discarded in the	the	DET	Seminoles	PROPN	 Seminoles
Bormann's wife was placed under surveillance in case he tried to contact her. Jakob Glas, Bormann's long time chauffeur, insisted that he saw Bormann in Munich in July 1946. In case Bormann was still alive, multiple public notices about the upcoming Nuremberg trials	trials	NOUN	were	AUX	 were
A poor performance against a negative Egyptian side at the Stadio La Favorita meant that neither side scored a goal in a dour draw. They ended the group with a 1 – 1 draw with the Dutch, Niall Quinn cancelling out Ruud Gullit's opener in the 71st	71st	ADJ	minute	NOUN	 minute
They have an overall length of 108 meters (354 ft) and have a capacity for 208 seated passengers in the A series and 250 in the B series. The trains have tilting mechanism allowing for faster travel through curves. The trains were delivered late, and	and	CCONJ	were	AUX	 were
The party was unable to return to home plate because of the rowdy fans, so the Jeep was driven out of the stadium and through the surrounding streets, to the delight of the many Cohos outside the stadium who recognized the occupants. They were driven to the	the	DET	front	NOUN	 front
The inheritance of these family lands made Stafford the greatest landowner in the county of Dorset. Through his mother Katherine, he was also heir to the possessions of her father John Chidiock, another major south western landowner. At some point – definitely after 21 June 1450	1450	NUM	–	PUNCT	 –
The Commodore was next updated in 1986 as the VL, which had new front and rear styling. Controversially, the VL was powered by the 3.0 litre Nissan RB30 six cylinder engine and had a Nissan built, electronically controlled four speed automatic transmission. Holden even went	went	VERB	to	ADP	 to
By October, the Ottomans had agreed to sign a peace treaty to end the war. After the war, Ammiraglio di Saint Bon had six searchlights installed on platforms abreast the funnels and the mast. A rangefinder was also added on top of the conning tower.	.	PUNCT	In	ADP	 In
" These defences which were too strong for a daytime attack were extended eastwards by a series of " field works " to four miles (6.4 km) from Beersheba. These fortifications were between 1,500 to 2,000 yards (1,400 to 1,800 m) apart, each mutually	mutually	ADV	supported	VERB	 supported
Each fighting style was chosen to represent the element it projected. T ' ai chi was used for " Waterbending " in the series, which focuses on alignment, body structure, breath, and visualization. Hung Gar was used for " Earthbending " in the series	series	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
They then joined a major raid, which included three battleships and three escort carriers, into the estuary of the Yangtze River off Shanghai. Again, the operation met with limited success. In the course of her service during World War II, Alaska was awarded three	three	NUM	battle	NOUN	 battle
The liquid soap is then spread in wooden frames to set. After setting, it is cut into the classic cube shape of Nabulsi soap and stamped with the company's trademark seal. The soap cubes then undergo a drying process which can last from three months to	to	ADP	a	DET	 a
The German ships turned back south, and at 05: 47 encountered for the second time the Harwich Force, which had by then been engaged by the six light cruisers of the German screening ships. Boedicker's ships opened fire from a range of 12,000 m (	(	PUNCT	13,000	NUM	13,000
The enhanced A Company group — approximately 130 troops in total — arrived in the country in several groups and joined the SAS, who had already established a base in Hastings, a village 30 miles (50 kilometres) south of Freetown, where several of the paras	paras	NOUN	recognised	VERB	 recognised
" Although some applauded this statement, many others continued booing when Madonna mentioned discrimination against gay people. Madonna's publicist Liz Rosenberg issued a statement saying that " Madonna has been touring with a phenomenal troupe of Roma musicians who made her aware of the discrimination toward them	them	PRON	in	ADP	 in
About $40 million ($77.6 million in 2015 dollars) was spent on the property acquisition. After weather related construction delays due to the El Niño season of the winter of 1997 – 1998, the extension of SR 52 between Mission Gorge Road and SR 125	125	NUM	was	AUX	 was
The fifth gun was carried on top of the aft superstructure. Her anti aircraft armament consisted of four 3.7 cm SK C / 30 guns in two twin mounts abreast the rear funnel and six 2 cm C / 30 guns in single mounts. Max Schultz carried eight	eight	NUM	above	ADP	 above
Stringer Bell continues his reform of the organization by cooperating with other drug lords, sharing with one another territory, product, and profits. Stringer's proposal is met with a curt refusal from Marlo Stanfield, leader of a new, growing crew. Against Stringer's	's	PART	advice	NOUN	 advice
Now more secure, the Grimaldi lords of Monaco now began to recognise the need not only to defend their territory, but also to have a home reflecting their power and prestige. Throughout the 15th century, both the fortress and the Rocher continued to be extended and	and	CCONJ	further	ADV	 further
Of all Serbian epic or historical figures, Marko is considered to have given the most inspiration to visual artists; a monograph on the subject lists 87 authors. His oldest known depictions are 14th century frescoes from Marko's Monastery and Prilep. An 18th century drawing of	of	ADP	Marko	PROPN	 Marko
They were the longest single screw warships ever built. Minotaur took nearly four years between her launching and commissioning because she was used for evaluations of her armament and different sailing rigs. The ship spent the bulk of her active career as flagship of the Channel Fleet,	,	PUNCT	including	VERB	 including
He sent this data to regional foresters, urging them to set aside areas for wilderness; all of them responded negatively. Marshall's input into what became known as the Copeland Report amounted to three extensive chapters of a two volume, 1,677 page work. He considered	considered	VERB	it	PRON	 it
With mass applause from the Arab world, financial donations increased significantly, and Fatah's weaponry and equipment improved. The group's numbers swelled as many young Arabs, including thousands of non Palestinians, joined the ranks of Fatah. When the Palestinian National Council (PNC	PNC	PROPN	)	PUNCT	)
The 31st named storm of the 2013 Pacific typhoon season, Podul developed as a tropical depression on November 11 between Palau and the Philippine island of Mindanao. The system moved west northwestward and struck Davao Oriental in Mindanao on November 12, bringing heavy rainfall that killed two	two	NUM	people	NOUN	 people
Several memorials were planned, including one in a garden she had been designing for a new hospital in Bristol. Joanna Clare Yeates was born on 19 April 1985 to David and Teresa Yeates in Hampshire, England. She was privately educated at Embley Park near Romsey.	.	PUNCT	Yeates	NOUN	 Yeates
" Critics have repeatedly singled out Irons ' performance, praising it extensively: Cindy White of IGN called Irons ' performance " deliciously smarmy, " while Andy Patrizio of IGN wrote that Irons voices Scar " in perfect Shakespearean villain mode. " Rolling Stone's Peter Travers	Travers	PROPN	hailed	VERB	 hailed
Norepinephrine itself can further be converted into epinephrine by the enzyme phenylethanolamine N methyltransferase with S adenosyl L methionine as cofactor. In mammals, norepinephrine is rapidly degraded to various metabolites. The initial step in the breakdown can be catalyzed by either of the enzymes monoamine oxidase (	(	PUNCT	mainly	ADV	mainly
A case of measles prevented him from attending William and Mary College (now College of William & Mary), his father's alma mater, where his cousin, future Congressman James Breckinridge, was enrolled. In 1803, he accompanied his father to the capital where	where	SCONJ	he	PRON	 he
" The theatre critics and veterans Richard Eyre and Nicholas Wright believe that Show Boat was revolutionary, not only because it was a radical departure from the previous style of plotless revues, but because it was a show written by non blacks that portrayed blacks sympathetically rather than	than	ADP	condescendingly	ADV	 condescendingly
In 1994 Woodman organised and led a land search of the area from Richard Collinson Inlet to (modern) Victory Point in search of the buried " vaults " spoken of in the testimony of the contemporary Inuit hunter Supunger. A 10 person team spent 10 days in	in	ADP	the	DET	 the
According to Orton, transforming into a fan favorite was " tough " because " no one bought it ". The second main feud heading into the event was between Kane and Shawn Michaels. This feud began the night after Bad Blood, when Michaels lost a Hell	Hell	NOUN	in	ADP	 in
The Greater London boundary has been aligned to the M25 motorway in places. Outward urban expansion is now prevented by the Metropolitan Green Belt, although the built up area extends beyond the boundary in places, resulting in a separately defined Greater London Urban Area. Beyond this	this	PRON	is	AUX	 is
The ore was shipped by rail to Duluth and Two Harbors, then loaded onto ships and transported eastward over the Great Lakes. Industrial development and the rise of manufacturing caused the population to shift gradually from rural areas to cities during the early 20th century. Nevertheless,	,	PUNCT	farming	NOUN	 farming
But politics are not the main theme; " Stir it Up ", for example, is a love song. The original 1973 vinyl release, designed by graphic artists Rod Dyer and Bob Weiner, was encased in a sleeve depicting a Zippo lighter. The sleeve	sleeve	NOUN	functioned	VERB	 functioned
Six claimed that the statement had originally been made by The Sun newspaper in the United Kingdom. However, Cox was unable to trace any article making this claim. When asked by Cox as to what Six regarded as the " most horrific " film, Six stated	stated	VERB	he	PRON	 he
Arms were assigned to the knights of the Round Table, and then to biblical figures, to Roman and Greek heroes, and to kings and popes who had not historically borne arms (Pastoreau 1997a, 258). Each author could attribute different arms for the same	same	ADJ	person	NOUN	 person
" She said that after she freed herself from his grasp, the young man followed her to the cash register, grabbed her waist and said, " What's the matter baby, can't you take it? " Bryant said she freed herself, and Till	Till	PROPN	said	VERB	 said
The two sections of MD 23 are connected by a short concurrency with MD 165. MD 23 from Hickory to Jarrettsville was one of the original state highways marked for improvement by the Maryland State Roads Commission in 1909 and one of the original state numbered highways in 1927	1927	NUM	.	PUNCT	.
As the three landfalling storms moved inland, information on their meteorological dissipation was limited. As a result, the intensity of these storms after landfall and until dissipation is based on an inland decay model developed in 1995 to predict the deterioration of inland hurricanes. The first	first	ADJ	known	VERB	 known
Wallenberg was named Australia's first honorary citizen in April 2013, during his centenary year. Frank Vajda AM was saved by Wallenberg in 1944 from the pro Nazi Arrow Cross Party and campaigned for decades for him to be recognised with the award. A ceremony at Government	Government	PROPN	House	PROPN	 House
It was awarded gold by the British Phonographic Industry in 2013 for shipping 100,000 copies in the UK. … And Justice for All was commercially succeeded by the band's following album Metallica (1991). Guitarist Kirk Hammett noted that the length of the songs was problematic	problematic	ADJ	for	ADP	 for
The Jarrow marchers received sustenance and hospitality from local branches of all the main political parties on their way, and on their reception in London. Despite the initial sense of failure among the marchers, in subsequent years the Jarrow March became recognised by historians as a defining	defining	VERB	event	NOUN	 event
Instead, cars from Ruf Automobile, a German car manufacturer which builds their own models from bodies in white received from Porsche, were included. EA's release of Shift 2: Unleashed earlier in 2011 was regarded as an expansion into the simulation racing genre, and	and	CCONJ	brought	VERB	 brought
During an interview Minogue gave to Jetstar Airways magazine, journalist Simon Price stated that the four different Kylies were " brilliantly " satirised in the video. Costumes from the video, along with accessories spanning Minogue's career, became part of an exhibition at the National Portrait	Portrait	PROPN	Gallery	PROPN	 Gallery
and all [the script] says is, ' Dr. Bishop grabs Astrid from behind and jams the needle into her neck. ' Then it fades to black. My mouth hung open for awhile and I was like, ' Oh my God, I only made	made	VERB	it	PRON	 it
It generates sound using keys and hammers in the same manner as an acoustic piano, but instead of strings, the hammers strike thin metal tines, which are then amplified via an electromagnetic pickup. The instrument evolved from Rhodes ' attempt to manufacture pianos to teach recovering	recovering	VERB	soldiers	NOUN	 soldiers
In Northern Ireland, high winds left 120,000 people without power and caused one injury. On September 1, a tropical wave exited the west coast of Africa and quickly showed signs of organization. It possessed a low pressure area and some convection as the system moved generally	generally	ADV	westward	ADV	 westward
Estrogen also reduces the incidence of irregular breakthrough bleeding. Several combined hormonal contraceptives — the pill, NuvaRing, and the contraceptive patch — are usually used in a way that causes regular withdrawal bleeding. In a normal cycle, menstruation occurs when estrogen and progesterone levels drop	drop	VERB	rapidly	ADV	 rapidly
These rafts, each containing 5,000 – 30,000 board feet (11.8 – 70.8 m ³) of lumber, were carried down the Loyalsock to its mouth at Montoursville. The raft era ended when the eastern hemlock were all clearcut. An April, 1963 article on covered	covered	VERB	bridges	NOUN	 bridges
It has been translated into English, Arabic, French, German, Russian, Spanish, Chinese, Japanese, and Mongolian. Of these, the Mongolian one was deemed " distorted " by North Koreans and sparked a diplomatic crisis in 1976, resulting in expulsion of	of	ADP	the	DET	 the
In 1928, a second PL 8, and equipped with a Hispano Suiza 12 M, 375 kW (500 hp) engine, was built. In April 1927, the PL.8 01 was shipped from the factory for Nungesser to begin a series of proving tests to	to	PART	determine	VERB	 determine
The Association of Aviation Ordnancemen presented him with an American flag which had flown on each of the 11 aircraft carriers then in active service. When called a hero during a 2009 interview Finn responded: That damned hero stuff is a bunch [of] crap, I	I	PRON	guess	VERB	 guess
The eyes, which were large for a bird of the hookbill's size, were dark brown and the muscular legs were gray with yellow toepads. The bird was about 6 inches (15 cm) in length, and the weight is unknown. The hookbill's	's	PART	distinguishing	VERB	 distinguishing
The present incumbent is Sheila Tallon, who succeeded Draper in September 2011. Graduates of the college include David Blunkett, British Labour Party politician and former Home Secretary, and Alfred Hollins, English composer and organist. Giles McKinley, who starred in a groundbreaking television commercial	commercial	NOUN	for	ADP	 for
It hit Mexico on the same day Hurricane Felix hit Nicaragua, only one of two occurrences in which a North Atlantic hurricane and a Pacific hurricane made landfall on the same day. Henriette originated from a tropical wave that departed the west coast of Africa on August 20	20	NUM	,	PUNCT	,
No injuries have been reported since. When first entering the queue, guests are taken past a number of banners for the Triwizard Tournament showing support for the four contestants. After passing the Weasleys ' crashed flying Ford Anglia, they enter the Champions ' Tent. From	From	ADP	there	ADV	 there
It became their 11th number one single. Their 12th number one single titled " Sakura Girl " was released on March 31, 2010. At the “ LIVE! LIVE! LIVE! NEWS DOME PARTY 2010 “ concert at Tokyo Dome, it was announced that NEWS	NEWS	PROPN	would	AUX	 would
To ensure the Opposition leaders could reach Canberra in time for the meeting, Whitlam brought them back in his VIP aircraft, which arrived in Canberra at midnight. At 9 a.m. on 11 November, Whitlam, together with deputy prime minister Frank Crean and Leader of the	the	DET	House	PROPN	 House
Tech played coach Clark Shaughnessy's Tulane Olive and Blue for its only road game, winning 48 – 0. Against a solid foe with a 5 – 3 record, all four Tech backs ran over 100 yards. According to the Times Picayune, " Strupper,	,	PUNCT	Guyon	PROPN	 Guyon
The composer and musical scholar Christopher Palmer writes that Bax was unusual among British composers in composing a substantial oeuvre for solo piano. Bax published four piano sonatas (1910 – 32), which are, in Palmer's view, as central to the composer's piano	piano	NOUN	music	NOUN	 music
The Halifax Central Library was a real catalyst of local, public and architectural conversation in Halifax; its program and location has reconstructed the way locals and visitors interact with a building filled with knowledge. " An architect from Fowler, Bauld & Mitchell stated that the library	library	NOUN	now	ADV	 now
George MacDonald Fraser wrote an initial treatment that was extensively revised by Michael G. Wilson and Richard Maibaum. First unit filming began on 10 August 1982 at the Berlin Wall crossing point Checkpoint Charlie, although the second unit had already been at work for a few weeks,	,	PUNCT	filming	VERB	 filming
Ashford's first bypass was opened on 19 July 1957 by the then Minister of Transport, Harold Watkinson. The main road through Ashford is now the M20, which opened in stages between 1981 and 1991. Junctions 9 and 10 serve the town. The other main	main	ADJ	roads	NOUN	 roads
The French were eager to hasten Radama II's succession in the interest of capitalizing on the Lambert Charter, an 1855 agreement between French representative Joseph François Lambert and Radama that could only come into effect upon the prince's succession. The charter guaranteed Lambert and his business	business	NOUN	associates	NOUN	 associates
The episode serves as a crossover with the series Millennium, also developed by the creator of The X Files Chris Carter, and was meant to bring closure to the recently cancelled series. The writers had a difficult time coming up with a story that would successfully allow	allow	VERB	Frank	PROPN	 Frank
The monsoon trough spawned a tropical low on November 24 in the Australian basin. It moved to the southwest, strengthening into Tropical Cyclone Bessi on November 27. Two days later, it moved into the South West Indian Ocean, and was renamed Bako on December 1	1	NUM	.	PUNCT	.
Until they have completed initial fleet training, both midshipmen and sub lieutenants at Britannia Royal Naval College do not use their substantive ranks, but instead use the rank of officer cadet. During the first seven weeks of training, officer cadets learn militarization and sea sense,	,	PUNCT	focusing	VERB	 focusing
The surface of the rays often crack to reveal lighter colored areas, especially along the edges. Together with a well developed layer of mycelium, the rays are typically bound to fragments of earth or forest duff. The tough and membranous endoperidium comprising the spore sac,	,	PUNCT	purple	ADJ	 purple
And then there's the joke we often used to make in interviews about churning out our records like motorcars — that sense of industrial. And... up till then the music had been kind of based on the blues and slavery, and we thought it was time	time	NOUN	to	PART	 to
The Naval Ministry intended to conduct an international design competition with the ships being built abroad as the Baltic shipyards were at full capacity already. Cramp's contacts kept him informed of the Russians ' intentions and he sailed to Saint Petersburg to offer his services and design expertise	expertise	NOUN	in	ADP	 in
The Governor is the highest ranking official in the state and has a broad range of appointive powers in both the State and local governments, as specified by the Maryland Constitution. Because of the extent of these constitutional powers, the Governor of Maryland has been ranked as	as	ADP	being	AUX	 being
In Trials HD the player controls a rider on a physics based motorcycle from the start of the level to the end while navigating a number of obstacles. The objective is to complete the course as fast as possible and with as few crashes, known in the game	game	NOUN	as	ADP	 as
Portraying Edward J. Flanagan, a Catholic priest and founder of Boys Town, was a role Tracy took seriously: " I'm so anxious to do a good job as Father Flanagan that it worries me, keeps me awake at night. " Tracy received strong reviews	reviews	NOUN	for	ADP	 for
Fingers crossed McG will follow Cameron's lead and serve up a worthy sequel. " Devin Faraci of Empire magazine also gave a positive rating of four out of five stars, saying: " McG has sparked a moribund franchise back to life, giving fans the post	post	NOUN	apocalyptic	ADJ	 apocalyptic
Triple H placed Bryan's injured arm against the ring post and hit it with a steel folding chair. Bryan had to be attended to by medical staff while Triple H and McMahon celebrated on the stage. The second match saw The New Age Outlaws (Road Dogg	Dogg	PROPN	and	CCONJ	 and
Since that time, it has been extended, rerouted or shortened several times. These changes resulted in essentially the modern highway routing by 1926; the highway was fully paved in the 1940s. A change made in 1929 was reversed in 1933, and an extension through	through	ADP	downtown	NOUN	 downtown
Another temporary " TO I 75 " designation was applied along US 10 and US 27 from Bay City to Grayling. In 1961, the MSHD had proposed that the section of I 75 south of Detroit to Toledo be built as an electronic highway under a bid through	through	ADP	General	PROPN	 General
And Arjuna in the end says, " Please Krishna, you drive the chariot " because unless we bring Christ or Krishna or Buddha or whichever of our spiritual guides... we're going to crash our chariot, and we're going to turn over, and we	we	PRON	're	AUX	're
Products based on House that were released included manga, a novelization of the script and a radio drama. The soundtrack for the film was created and released before the film was made. Asei Kobayashi, who worked with Obayashi on his television commercials, contributed the piano	piano	NOUN	pieces	NOUN	 pieces
Solidarity's leaders, gathered at Gdańsk, were arrested and isolated in facilities guarded by the Security Service (Służba Bezpieczeństwa or SB), and some 5,000 Solidarity supporters were arrested in the middle of the night. Censorship was expanded, and military forces appeared on the	the	DET	streets	NOUN	 streets
After Cooper, other writers developed the Western hero, an iconic figure which began as a variation of Daniel Boone. In the 20th century, Boone was featured in numerous comic strips, radio programs, and films, where the emphasis was usually on action and melodrama	melodrama	NOUN	rather	ADV	 rather
" It seems likely that the core of the Ganesha Purana appeared around the twelfth and thirteenth centuries ", she says, " but was later interpolated. " Lawrence W. Preston considers the most reasonable date for the Ganesha Purana to be between 1100 and 1400, which	which	PRON	coincides	VERB	 coincides
Torque commended Timberlake for " manag [ing] to surprise with an eclectic collection of sounds, and in a good way ". Katy Kroll of Billboard noted the album's sound as a " bit different, but the music's sex appeal remains a force to	to	PART	be	AUX	 be
The Daily News reviewer called the single " very wonderful ". When reviewing My Way, Ian Hyland from Sunday Mirror stated that, " Tracks like ' You Make Me Wanna... ', ' Nice And Slow ' and ' Slow Jam ' should put you in	in	ADP	the	DET	 the
This resulted in the merger of the sovereign territories of the Hoysala empire with the areas administered by Harihara I, founder of the Vijayanagara Empire, located in the Tungabhadra region in present day Karnataka. The new kingdom thrived for another two centuries with Vijayanagara as its capital	capital	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
His final game was on August 29, 1928. In total, Aldridge pitched 1,601 innings, won 97 games and lost 80, had 102 complete games and a combined earned run average of 3.76. Rogers Hornsby said that Aldridge had one of the three best curveballs	curveballs	NOUN	he	PRON	 he
The next parodies to be recorded were " Theme from Rocky XIII (The Rye or the Kaiser) ", a parody of Survivor's " Eye of the Tiger " about a washed up Rocky Balboa, who now runs a deli and occasionally beats up on the	the	DET	liverwurst	NOUN	 liverwurst
In particular, the effect of El Niño Southern Oscillation (ENSO) was studied in relation to the survival, fecundity and recruitment of this migratory bird. It was found that El Niño years (the warm South Pacific oceanic phase) were associated with lower adult survival	survival	NOUN	rate	NOUN	 rate
A road from US 82 to MS 1 was constructed during 1940, and opened in 1941. The road was unsigned, and was already paved in concrete. It was designated as MS 454 by 1953. By 1999, US 278 became concurrent with US 82 through	through	ADP	MS	PROPN	 MS
In the playable demonstration, Link solved puzzles by using the Rod of the Seasons to manipulate the environment and change the current season. Chie no Shō, which focused on color based puzzles, and Yūki no Shō, which used the times of day to solve puzzles	puzzles	NOUN	in	ADP	 in
General prohibitions implemented to ensure wildlife respect include the prohibition of feeding, touching, or holding animals in captivity, and the disturbance or destruction of bird nests. Since the 19th century, humans have impacted Banff's environment through introduction of non native species, controls on	on	ADP	other	ADJ	 other
Howe was appointed a brigadier general, and placed as Abercrombie's second in command. The French, who had started construction on Fort Carillon in 1755, used it as a launching point for the successful siege of Fort William Henry in 1757. Despite that and other	other	ADJ	successes	NOUN	 successes
" Earn this ", spoken by Kenneth as Jenna has poisoned him again, references the 1998 film Saving Private Ryan when actor Tom Hanks says the same words to actor Matt Damon's title character. When she is told that Kenneth has gone into a severe allergic	allergic	ADJ	shock	NOUN	 shock
The first spiral monohedral tiling was discovered by Heinz Voderberg in 1936; the Voderberg tiling has a unit tile that is a nonconvex enneagon. The Hirschhorn tiling, published by Michael D. Hirschhorn and D. C. Hunt in 1985, is a pentagon tiling using irregular pentagons:	:	PUNCT	regular	ADJ	 regular
Fey wrote the character of naїve NBC page Kenneth Parcell with her friend Jack McBrayer, who has been described as " the show's brightest discovery ", in mind. She has said that she " really wanted him for that part and was very happy when no	no	DET	one	NOUN	 one
" This ambition became reality when, in early 2015, CLG signed the ex mouseSpaz roster of Tarik " tarik " Celik, James " Hazed " Cobb, Stephen " reltuC " Cutler, Pujan " FNS " Mehta, and Peter " ptr " Gurney as CLG.CS	CLG.CS	PROPN	.	PUNCT	.
Two weeks later at Goodwood, Orme again proved superior, beating the filly by a neck in the Gordon Stakes, despite veering sharply left inside the last furlong. In Autumn La Fleche attempted to win a second Manchester Plate, but finished third to the three year	year	NOUN	colts	NOUN	 colts
It favors habitats with sandy or muddy bottoms, including beaches, estuaries, and bays, and can also be found over seagrass as well as on and around rocky and coral reefs. The unusual pear like shape of the coffin ray distinguishes it from all other rays	rays	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
In addition to carrying more smart bombs, moving them internally from the wings reduces drag and achieves a 15 percent reduction in fuel consumption. The B 52 shared many technological similarities with the preceding Boeing B 47 Stratojet strategic bomber. The two aircraft used the same basic	basic	ADJ	design	NOUN	 design
Presided over by Metropolitan Neofit, it included Heliade, who was also Minister of Education, as well as Tell, Ştefan Golescu, Gheorghe Magheru, and, for a short while, the Bucharest merchant Gheorghe Scurti. Disputes regarding the shape of land reform continued,	,	PUNCT	and	CCONJ	 and
Carole flirts with a sleazy businessman and brings him to a hotel room, where Michael beats him to death with a lead pipe. The two walk out into a pinball background with the dead man's cash. Just then, Shorty shows up and shoots Michael in	in	ADP	the	DET	 the
Belcher took all steps possible to ensure Dunbar could not exercise any significant powers, refusing to seat him on the council, and making frequent trips from Boston to Portsmouth to exercise his authority personally. The two men disliked one another, and Dunbar began moving supporters in	in	ADP	London	PROPN	 London
One day, she and her only friend, Vincent Monroe, sneak out of her aunt's house to search for materials for his garden. They stumble across an ancient mausoleum, and after Dinah reads aloud from a plaque, she discovers that her name is written	written	VERB	on	ADP	 on
Despite these irregularities, MDRM won 71 percent of the vote, and none of the PADESM candidates was elected. While MDRM won decisive victories in the central and eastern province, results were close in the western province, where the MDRM candidate Joseph Raseta won 21,475 votes	votes	NOUN	and	CCONJ	 and
Lenin hoped that by allowing foreign corporations to invest in Russia, it would exacerbate rivalries between the capitalist nations and hasten their downfall; he tried to rent the oil fields of Kamchatka to an American corporation to exacerbate tensions between the U.S. and Japan, who desired Kamchatka	Kamchatka	PROPN	for	ADP	 for
Another familiar character of the higher elevation forests is the Clark ’ s nutcracker with its distinctive call. Swallows and swifts are frequently seen flying just above the water of lakes and some larger streams. Common mergansers and several other species of water birds can be found on	on	ADP	many	ADJ	 many
The reactor was a large aluminum tank, 6 feet (1.8 m) in diameter, which was filled with heavy water, which weighed about 6.5 short tons (5.9 t). The cover was pierced by regularly spaced holes through which 121 uranium rods sheathed in	in	ADP	aluminum	NOUN	 aluminum
After a few minutes, Rheinland and the rest of the German battleships turned away to avoid torpedoes. At 00: 36, Rheinland was hit by a pair of 6 inch (15 cm) shells from Black Prince. One of the shells cut the cables to	to	ADP	the	DET	 the
As an adjunct to the court martial, Bligh brought charges against Purcell for misconduct and insubordination; the former carpenter received a reprimand. In November 1790, the Admiralty despatched the frigate HMS Pandora under Captain Edward Edwards to capture the mutineers and return them to England to	to	PART	stand	VERB	 stand
The climate change — which resulted in a declining average annual temperature for Europe during the 14th century — was accompanied by an economic downturn. These troubles were followed in 1347 by the Black Death, a pandemic that spread throughout Europe during the following three years. The	The	DET	death	NOUN	 death
Hong Kong enjoys a high degree of religious freedom, guaranteed by the Basic Law. Hong Kong's main religions are Buddhism, Taoism and Confucianism; a local religious scholar in contact with major denominations estimates there are approximately 1.5 million Buddhists and Taoists. A Christian community	community	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
The hurricane weakened into a tropical storm on September 14, and degenerated further into a tropical depression the next day, before dissipating on September 16. The remnants of the storm brought moderate rainfall to parts of California and Arizona, as well as three F0 tornadoes.	.	PUNCT	Hurricane	PROPN	 Hurricane
In Super Smash Bros. Brawl, Charizard is now playable, under the command of the Pokémon Trainer. The Trainer has a Squirtle and an Ivysaur, all three of which can be switched between; unlike the other fighters, these Pokémon become fatigued and consequently weaker,	,	PUNCT	and	CCONJ	 and
Only three dedications for Æthelberht are near where he died - Marden, Hereford Cathedral and Littledean - the other eleven being in Norfolk or Suffolk. Lawrence Butler has argued that this unusual pattern may be explained by the existence of a royal cult in East Anglia, which	which	PRON	represented	VERB	 represented
Overall, in his first season with Toronto, he averaged 12.4 ppg, 3.9 rpg, and 2.1 apg, leading his team in three point field goal percentage and free throw percentage. Parker's defensive and offensive versatility were credited as instrumental in helping the Raptors clinch	clinch	VERB	their	PRON	 their
Unlike the pig faced woman reports in London, the woman's address was given. Large crowds gathered in the street outside, and a large number of letters were delivered to the address. She was eventually revealed as a hoax. A young man, his advances	advances	NOUN	rebuffed	VERB	 rebuffed
Although his mother was Methodist, Clark chose a Baptist church after moving to Little Rock and continued attending it throughout his childhood. He graduated from Hall High School with a National Merit Scholarship. He helped take their swim team to the state championship, filling in for	for	ADP	a	DET	 a
Clamp connections are absent from the hyphae of B. rubroflammeus. Distinctive field characteristics used to distinguish Boletus rubroflammeus from similar boletes include the deep purple red cap and the reticulated stem. B. flammans is similar in appearance, but has a more variable cap color, ranging from	from	ADP	dark	ADJ	 dark
Due to its strong advantage among younger women, and baby boomers reaching menopause, Playtex continued to gain market share on Tampax. After extensive market research, Tampax reversed that trend with the 2002 introduction of Pearl, with an applicator designed to be as visually appealing as	as	SCONJ	it	PRON	 it
At the same time according to JMA, the storm had weakened to 80 km / h (50 mph), with a pressure reading of 985 hPa (985 mbar). Both warning centers downgraded Fern into a tropical depression by December 30, as it continued	continued	VERB	to	PART	 to
The head, the artist stated, was designed in accordance with the suggestions of the President. The reverse bears the standing eagle, and on the edge of the coins there are forty six stars, one for each State. The new eagles entered circulation around November	November	PROPN	4	NUM	 4
Extensive sequences also featured London, notably Trafalgar Square and the exterior of 10 Downing Street. Mereworth Castle in Kent was used as the home of Sir James Bond, which is blown up at the start of the film. Much of the filming for M's Scottish	Scottish	ADJ	castle	NOUN	 castle
In 2009, the Media Council of Hawaii complained to the FCC about Raycom's Hawaii News Now operation, stating that it would " directly reduce the diversity of local voices in a community by replacing independent newscasts on the brokered station with those of the brokering station.	.	PUNCT	"	PUNCT	 "
He was Director of the Lawrence Livermore National Laboratory, which he helped to found with Ernest O. Lawrence, from 1958 to 1960, and after that he continued as an Associate Director. He chaired the committee that founded the Space Sciences Laboratory at Berkeley. He also	also	ADV	served	VERB	 served
The series follows the adventures of four Clans of wild cats — ThunderClan, ShadowClan, WindClan, and RiverClan — in their forest and lake homes. SkyClan, the long forgotten fifth Clan of the forest, is later introduced in the stand alone novel Firestar's Quest	Quest	PROPN	.	PUNCT	.
The Academy's benefactress, Catherine I, who had continued the progressive policies of her late husband, died on the day of Euler's arrival. The Russian nobility then gained power upon the ascension of the twelve year old Peter II. The nobility were suspicious of	of	ADP	the	DET	 the
The Greyfield Coal Company did not start until 1833 and expanded after the opening of the Bristol and North Somerset Railway in 1847. Greyfield Colliery closed in 1911, and the railway in 1964. Maynard Terrace in Clutton was built to house some of the miners. Collieries	Collieries	NOUN	in	ADP	 in
Ben Walter, of Time Out London, felt Zombie added " surprising realism " to the development of Michael Myers ’ psychopathic actions, but agreed with Newman that the director replaced the original film ’ s " suspense and playfulness " with a convincing display of " black	black	ADJ	blooded	ADJ	 blooded
The south transept was endowed as a chantry chapel in 1405. In the late 15th or early 16th century, the south porch was added, the nave roof was raised and the clerestory windows were added. Following the dissolution of the monasteries, six chantry chapels were	were	AUX	removed	VERB	 removed
It was released on June 18, 1996 via Michael Jackson's record label, MJJ Music, after a demo tape was played to him by producer Teddy Riley. The album has been described as a " sumptuous blend " of vocal R & B and " 90s	90s	NOUN	production	NOUN	 production
Liz is relieved that she has found the root of her problem and Jack convinces her to stay with Carol. When they finally reach Newark Airport, Liz realizes that she is supposed to meet him at John F. Kennedy International Airport instead. Meanwhile, TGS star Jenna	Jenna	PROPN	Maroney	PROPN	 Maroney
They dropped to fourth place in the standings. On the following Saturday, Benfica visited Belenenses and lost for a second time in a row. A week later, Benfica received Paços de Ferreira at home. The match ended with a 3 – 2 win for the	the	DET	visitors	NOUN	 visitors
" Monroe and Miller were married at the Westchester County Court in White Plains, New York on June 29, and two days later had a Jewish ceremony at his agent's house at Waccabuc, New York. Monroe converted to Judaism with the marriage, which led	led	VERB	Egypt	PROPN	 Egypt
Having just been elected to the Senate with Sherman's support, Garfield entered the 1880 campaign season committed to Sherman as his choice for the Republican presidential nominee. Even before the convention began, however, a few Republicans, including Wharton Barker of Philadelphia, thought Garfield	Garfield	PROPN	the	DET	 the
A FWD has no blades or knives, it has a grind chamber, the floor of which is a spinning disc with lugs spin the waste against the perforated wall of the chamber, particles exit when they are small enough. measured particle size distribution and found 98	98	NUM	%	NOUN	%
Carolina Panthers Charities also offers grants to non profits that support education, athletics, and human services in the community. The Panthers and Fisher Athletic has provided six equipment grants to high school football teams in the Carolinas each year since 2010. Carolina Panthers Charities raises funds	funds	NOUN	at	ADP	 at
Two men resembling comical superheroes, one of whom is played by Dan Southworth, appear to her aid and quickly defeat the man, while Shakira defeats Taylor. The two are shown gagged up in the boot of Shakira's car and are then tied up on spinning	spinning	VERB	discs	NOUN	 discs
Detachment A was no longer required after Papua New Guinea achieved independence from Australia and established its own defence force, and the unit was disbanded on 17 January 1976. Three Caribous were lost while operating with the detachment; A4 202 crashed near Porgera on 3 June 1965	1965	NUM	,	PUNCT	,
However, unknown to the defenders, the insurrectionists had with them significant supplies of dynamite and foreign experts from other guerrilla wars, including Boer Gen. Ben Viljoen and the grandson of the famous Italian revolutionary Giuseppe Garibaldi II (news dispatches from the battle also mention the participation	participation	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
Neutrophils do not return to the blood; they turn into pus cells and die. Mature neutrophils are smaller than monocytes and have a segmented nucleus with several sections; each section is connected by chromatin filaments — neutrophils can have 2 – 5 segments. Neutrophils do not	not	PART	normally	ADV	 normally
Bishop John went to meet Harald, apparently to greet him, but the Earl had him seized, tortured and mutilated. The Gesta Annalia reports that Harald tormented Bishop John in this way because he believed that John was an informant set on making trouble between Harald and	and	CCONJ	King	PROPN	 King
She reveals that a conviction might be difficult as her husband has been dead for five months. While coming to terms with her husband's death as a hit and run victim, Margaret joins a church group clearing litter from roadsides. There she meets Glynis Holloway (	(	PUNCT	Hannah	PROPN	Hannah
It is religion, Durkheim writes, that gave rise to most if not all other social constructs, including the larger society. Durkheim argued that categories are produced by the society, and thus are collective creations. Thus as people create societies, they also create categories	categories	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
His complex and critically acclaimed films are especially noted for their respectful and sympathetic portrayal of people with mental and physical disabilities. Van Dormael spent his childhood travelling around Europe, before going on to study filmmaking at the INSAS in Brussels, where he wrote and directed his	his	PRON	first	ADJ	 first
In 2006 Barker's stage play Mum was adapted and directed by Neil Cargill for BBC Radio 4, and broadcast as an Afternoon Play, starring Maxine Peake and Sam Kelly. In Barker's home town of Oxford, a Wetherspoons pub on George Street is named after	after	SCONJ	his	PRON	 his
The Iowa State Board of Education created the Institute of Atomic Research (IAR) as a coordinating body for research throughout the Midwestern United States on 1 November 1945, with Spedding as its director. The Manhattan Project continued to fund the activities of the Ames Project,	,	PUNCT	but	CCONJ	 but
It was also number one in the Teens ' Top Ten Vote, sponsored by YALSA. Summit Entertainment bought the rights to film an adaptation of the novel in 2011. Summit recruited Neil Burger to direct. Initially, Summit gave the film a budget of $40	40	NUM	million	NUM	 million
Diana Steenbergen of IGN also favored Ellen from the beginning, believing her to be " a great addition to the show ". She deemed Ellen " tough and direct, and also female, something the boys don't have a lot of in their lives right now	now	ADV	"	PUNCT	 "
was published by Random House. The tale's rhyming verse accompanies illustrations by the author, and follows a disagreeable character called the Grinch and his attempts to thwart the arrival of Christmas by stealing the gifts, trims, and other trappings of the holiday from the happy	happy	ADJ	Who	PRON	 Who
Nor was the method first discovered in the field of mechanical filters; the earliest description is in a 1948 patent for filters using microwave cavity resonators. However, mechanical filter designers were the first (1960s) to develop practical filters of this kind and the method became	became	VERB	a	DET	 a
The party viewed social justice primarily as the requirement to give citizens equal political and economic liberty and also as the need for social citizenship. It encompasses the need for equal distribution of opportunity, with the caveat that things should not be taken from successful people to give	give	VERB	to	ADP	 to
However, some reviews pointed out that the album has the " faint whiff of musical conservatism " with both Uncut and Q calling it a " missed opportunity ", the former going on to describe the record as " a consolidation of affairs rather than a step forward	forward	ADV	"	PUNCT	 "
South Dakota contains several sites that are protected by the National Park Service. Two national parks have been established in South Dakota, both of which are located in the southwestern part of the state. Badlands National Park was created in 1978. The park features a highly	highly	ADV	eroded	VERB	 eroded
Led by Edward's cousin, the Earl of Lancaster, a group of the barons seized and executed Gaveston in 1312, beginning several years of armed confrontation. English forces were pushed back in Scotland, where Edward was decisively defeated by Robert the Bruce at the Battle	Battle	PROPN	of	ADP	 of
Over half a century passed before a satisfactory explanation of Fizeau's unexpected measurement was developed with the advent of Albert Einstein's theory of special relativity. Einstein later pointed out the importance of the experiment for special relativity. Although it is referred to as the Fizeau experiment	experiment	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
The Q ' eqchi ' used this trade to supply products demanded by their Spanish overlords under the repartimiento system. The Manche produced a number of products for trade, manufactured from resources in the southern Maya Mountains of Belize; these included blowguns, bows and arrows,	,	PUNCT	finely	ADV	 finely
Matheran Hill Railway, a heritage railway in Maharashtra, was built between 1901 and 1907 by Abdul Hussein Adamjee Peerbhoy and was financed by his father, Sir Adamjee Peerbhoy of the Adamjee Group. The railway line, a 610 mm (2 ft) gauge line,	,	PUNCT	covers	VERB	 covers
Written during the affair with Yeats, Harwood sees the characters presented " in a precise, bitter intensity unlike anything in the earlier work ". The Devotees was published by Heinemann in December 1900. Like Rupert Armstrong, the plot of The Devotees depicts a mildly incestuous	incestuous	ADJ	love	NOUN	 love
Amis drew upon a holiday he had taken in the Greek islands to create a realistic Greek setting and characters. He emphasised political intrigue in the plot more than Fleming had done in the canonical Bond novels, also adding revenge to Bond's motivations by including M's	's	PART	kidnapping	NOUN	 kidnapping
PA 546 begins at an intersection with PA 346 in the community of Duke Center. The highway, known locally as Oil Valley Road, progresses to the northeast, intersecting with a short connector back to PA 346 (SR 9112). Duke Center is small and	and	CCONJ	PA	PROPN	 PA
In 1892, another labor congress was held in which it reconfirmed its anarcho syndicalist principles and expressing solidarity with the women in the working class (a new idea for a predominantly male working class that felt competed against by women in the workplace), declaring, "	"	PUNCT	It	PRON	 It
Mrs. Scott and her two daughters, along with Mary Dyer and her friend Hope Clifton, were all compelled to go to Boston to visit with Holder and the other men in jail. The four women and child were all imprisoned. Three other people who had also	also	ADV	come	VERB	 come
" Allmusic reviewer Andy Kellman noted the album for making " an ideal introduction " to the group, and said that the three new songs would most likely " keep the group's remarkable streak of dominance afloat. " Dan Cairns of The Times gave the album 4	4	NUM	out	ADP	 out
According to linguist Loránd Benkő, his name is rooted in the Turkic word for golden (altun) and changed in Hungarian. Place names also echo his name; an abbey named Ahtunmonustura (Ajtony's monastery) existed in Csanád County and a village (Ahthon)	)	PUNCT	in	ADP	 in
Gambling exploits associated with kelly pool were often depicted in Clare Briggs ' comic strip of the same name, which centered on the game. The Kelly Pool strip (panel pictured at right), ran in the New York Tribune's sports section from 1912 to 1917	1917	NUM	.	PUNCT	.
The truck carrying the water tank had been abandoned because it ran out of fuel. When the truck was discovered in April 2008, it contained men, women, and children. Knowing that many of the impoverished girls who are smuggled in this manner become enslaved in	in	ADP	brothels	NOUN	 brothels
In the development of the fruit body, the preliminary stipe and cap structures appear at the same time within the primordium, and hyphae originating from the stipe form a cover over the developing structures. The mycelia of the mushroom is believed to have bioluminescent properties. The	The	DET	species	NOUN	 species
The source continued; " He has only been in a month but he is already making big changes. He knows what he wants for EastEnders and is putting plans in place quickly ". An EastEnders spokesperson confirmed this saying, " We can confirm these actors will	will	AUX	be	AUX	 be
T1 and T2 also will be revitalised, so all the three terminals finally will accommodate 67 million passengers a year. When finished, Soekarno Hatta airport will be an aerotropolis. Juanda Airport in Surabaya and Ngurah Rai in Bali are the country's 2nd and 3rd busiest	busiest	ADJ	airport	NOUN	 airport
As for my voice, I made a recording. When the record was first played on the set, one of the electricians, who didn't know whose voice it was, said, " If the guy who wrote that song could hear the record, he	he	PRON	would	AUX	 would
It preserves and displays relics and records related to the Suquamish Tribe, including artifacts from the Old Man House and the Baba ' kwob site. Founded in 1983, the museum currently occupies a facility opened in 2012. The Suquamish Museum opened in 1983 as the Suquamish	Suquamish	PROPN	Museum	PROPN	 Museum
So, it's random. It's like everything is happening all at once. " The ending of the music video, she explained, was when she went back to " where [she] belongs " after a day of " torture. " The video	video	NOUN	commences	NOUN	 commences
Over a period of four days, the Viet Cong 9th Division held its ground and mauled the best units the South Vietnamese army could send against them, only breaking after intense attack by U.S. bombers. In 1964, the political establishment in South Vietnam was still in	in	ADP	turmoil	NOUN	 turmoil
In the bridge, she commands, " Make your life what you decide / Baby, party till the fire marshal shuts this sucker down ". The song ends with Knowles giving one her final lessons, " Don ’ t stop running until it ’ s finished	finished	VERB	—	PUNCT	 —
While this move protects the b4 square and threatens the pawn advance b2 – b4, it encourages Black's rook lift Ra8 – a6 – h6. As Lalic puts it: It was not so long ago that 8.a3, with the obvious intention of expanding with b2	b2	ADJ	–	PUNCT	 –
Soldiers at Bougainville also complained about having to remain on the island after the war had ended, and Prime Minister Ben Chifley's plane was sabotaged in an apparent protest during his visit on 27 December 1945. Minister for Defence Frank Forde was largely blamed for the slowness	slowness	NOUN	with	ADP	 with
Over the next three years, $132,000,000 in gold was withdrawn from the Treasury, and amid another depression President Grover Cleveland secured the repeal of the silver purchase act. The free silver movement reached its height with the 1896 campaign of former Nebraska representative William Jennings Bryan	Bryan	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
Prior to Mendel's work, the dominant theory of heredity was one of blending inheritance, which suggested that each parent contributed fluids to the fertilisation process and that the traits of the parents blended and mixed to produce the offspring. Charles Darwin developed a theory of inheritance	inheritance	NOUN	he	PRON	 he
Lattermann led three battalions of the Archduke Charles Nr. 3 Infantry Regiment, the Abfaltern and Retz Grenadier Battalions and two squadrons each of the Szekler Hussar Regiment and Waldeck Dragoon Regiment Nr. 39. Sztáray commanded the 2nd Column which consisted of an Advanced Guard under Devay	Devay	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
The horizontal barring seen on adult Eurasian sparrowhawks is typical of woodland dwelling predatory birds, while the adult male's bluish colour is also seen in other bird eating raptors, including the peregrine falcon, the merlin and other Accipiters. A study, using stuffed bird models	models	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
The video drew many comparisons to the rumors of Carey's deteriorating marriage at the time. Author Chris Nickson felt the video, like the song, served as a metaphor for the things that were taking place in her life at the time. Rumors circulated that Mottola	Mottola	PROPN	was	AUX	 was
The two are shown to frequently consume marijuana, emitting a calm demeanor throughout the various escapades caused at their job. Scrawny and indolent, their customers are often apprehensive towards their weaknesses, but the brothers like to remind themselves " that's why God made two of	of	ADP	them	PRON	 them
The following season, on the way home from a European Cup quarter final victory against Red Star Belgrade, the aircraft carrying the Manchester United players, officials and journalists crashed while attempting to take off after refuelling in Munich, Germany. The Munich air disaster of 6	6	NUM	February	PROPN	 February
Since only 30 prisoners had surrendered along with King and since Winder ’ s detachment did not come under fire until they had re embarked and cast off for Buffalo, it would appear that 6 of the dead left on the battlefield and 8 of the prisoners belonged to	to	ADP	Boerstler	PROPN	 Boerstler
Stephen Tropiano called this episode " the definite highlight of Season One " in PopMatters and, in the 2002 book The Prime Time Closet, Tropiano called it a moral lesson about judging a person based on appearances. Nevertheless, Tropiano said that the fictional baseball player Tom	Tom	PROPN	Kenderson	PROPN	 Kenderson
The first administrative actions of Rodríguez Saá caused renewed protests, and the PJ did not fully support him. He called for a meeting with governors in Chapadmalal, but only six governors out of twenty three attended. He resigned a few days later, and accused Duhalde	Duhalde	PROPN	of	ADP	 of
The institution also operates the Museum of Yugoslav Film Archive, with movie theatre and exhibition hall. The archive's long standing storage problems were finally solved in 2007, when a new modern depository was opened. The Yugoslav Film Archive also exhibits original Charlie Chaplin's stick	stick	NOUN	and	CCONJ	 and
Police services are contracted through Beaufort County Sheriff's Office. The island is equipped with an enhanced 9 1 1 system. According to Hilton Head Island's 2015 Comprehensive Annual Financial Report, the top employers in the town are: Hilton Head Plantation Indigo Run Plantation Long	Long	PROPN	Cove	PROPN	 Cove
On May 17, 1895, the Youngstown Daily Vindicator reported that Hogan had been " farmed out " as a center fielder to the Indianapolis Hoosiers, a club connected to the well organized Western League, the predecessor of the American League. The Vindicator added, "	"	PUNCT	At	ADP	 At
He could not express a character's emotions solely with plot, instead using images of appearance and attire — " It's important to know when their emotions are at their height, but it usually takes until a month before release for them to finish the ending dialog	dialog	NOUN	...	PUNCT	...
Unusually for biplanes, all three types possessed retractable landing gear. The evaluation showed that the design from Curtiss was superior to the Grumman and Great Lakes designs, and an order was placed for the Curtiss type, designated SBC 3 Helldiver in service, in August 1936	1936	NUM	.	PUNCT	.
Operation Totalize began on the night of 7 / 8 August; the leading infantry rode on the Kangaroos, guided by electronic aids and illuminants, against the 12th SS Panzer Division Hitlerjugend, which held a 14 km (8.7 mi) front, supported by the 101st	101st	ADJ	SS	PROPN	 SS
Later, in June 1961, a proposal for an underwater tube along SR 75 was formally proposed, and would not have needed the approval of the residents of Coronado. Interviews of commuters were planned in August, to determine the traffic patterns along SR 75. The	The	DET	survey	NOUN	 survey
Alan Pattillo, a veteran scriptwriter and director for APF, was appointed the company's first official script editor in late 1964. This move was aimed to reduce the burden on Gerry Anderson who, while reserving his producer's right to overall creative control, had grown	grown	VERB	weary	ADJ	 weary
The first to be created was its mascot, the Burger King in 1955. The character would become a staple of its advertising over the next 60 years. The second creation was the company's signature sandwich, the Whopper. It was created in 1957 by James	James	PROPN	McLamore	PROPN	 McLamore
The Duff family formed a janitorial services company, Windy City Maintenance Inc., one month after Daley's inauguration. Bruce DuMont, president of the Museum of Broadcast Communications, said that Daley recommended that Dumont's wife Kathy Osterman, then director of the Mayor's Office	Office	PROPN	of	ADP	 of
Minor fluctuations took place during this period as multiple eyewall replacement cycles occurred. After the first of these cycles, the hurricane is estimated to have reached its peak strength around 0000 UTC on September 15 with winds of 155 mph (250 km / h) and an	an	DET	estimated	VERB	 estimated
FireRed and LeafGreen were first released in Japan on January 29, 2004, and released to North America and Europe on September 9 and October 1, respectively. Nearly two years after their original release, Nintendo re marketed them as Player's Choice titles. The games	games	NOUN	received	VERB	 received
After the court case he married an American heiress; the couple had five children, but it was an unhappy relationship. He was the grandfather of the writers Katie Fforde and Jane Gordon Cumming. William Gordon Gordon Cumming was born on 20 July 1848 at Sanquhar House	House	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
Originally it consisted of numerous frazioni, isolated villages and hamlets, but from the 1950s it grew rapidly as a result of tourism. Only the most remote villages have remained isolated from the main town. San Vito di Cadore is 9 kilometres (5.6 mi) to	to	ADP	the	DET	 the
Lennon completed the writing of " Instant Karma! " in an hour. He then telephoned bandmate George Harrison and American producer Phil Spector, who was in London at the invitation of the Beatles ' Apple Corps manager, Allen Klein. According to Lennon's recollection,	,	PUNCT	he	PRON	 he
The once popular First Night, celebrating the New Year holiday each December 31, was replaced by the Albany Winterfest in 2006 due to declining interest; Winterfest occurs each year on December 30. Because of Albany's historical and political significance, the city has numerous museums	museums	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
It was developed in the Ozark Mountains by settlers in the early 19th century, and quickly developed into a gaited breed appreciated for its stock horse abilities, stamina and smooth gaits. It performs an ambling gait known as the " fox trot ", a four beat	beat	NOUN	broken	VERB	 broken
He saves Dean from Azazel, and distracts the demon long enough for Dean to kill him with the Colt. John then gives Sam and Dean a loving smile before becoming engulfed in a white light. However, the fifth season episode " Dark Side of the Moon	Moon	PROPN	"	PUNCT	 "
Because of their high cost, they are only used in high production operations. Similarly, because automation and robots increase equipment costs, they are only implemented when high production is necessary. Labor cost depends on the deposition rate (the rate of welding), the	the	DET	hourly	ADJ	 hourly
Meanwhile, hallucinations of FBI consultant and colleague Peter continue to bother Olivia. The Fringe team is alerted to an incident at a quarantine site, where the amber encasing the site has been cut into and a body has been removed. They identify the missing body as	as	ADP	Joshua	PROPN	 Joshua
Klein and Mortier issued instructions, which were supported by Massena, that the émigrés be assigned Russian names — they were, after all, under Russian pay and wearing the Russian cockade in their caps — and treated with dignity; they were eventually exchanged for French officers	officers	NOUN	held	VERB	 held
As the branch line into the cemetery was no longer in use, temporary platforms were built on the branch line serving the National Rifle Association's shooting range at Bisley, on the opposite side of the LSWR line from the cemetery. Following the removal of the US	US	PROPN	war	NOUN	 war
The ruling in California v. Anderson resulted in the dismissal of Aikens v. California as moot; George was to have represented the State of California in this case. Governor Ronald Reagan appointed George as a Judge of the Los Angeles Municipal Court on April 20, 1972.	.	PUNCT	George	PROPN	 George
It tracked west northwestward under the influence of a ridge to its north, and organized into Tropical Depression One C on August 19, about 1000 miles (1600 km) southeast of the Hawaiian Islands. The depression failed to organize significantly as it turned westward. High	High	ADJ	wind	NOUN	 wind
Drosophila melanogaster and the Galleria mellonella waxworm have been particularly important for analysis of virulence traits of mammalian pathogens. Waxworms and other insects have also proven valuable for the identification of pharmaceutical compounds with favorable bioavailability. The decision to adopt such models generally involves accepting a lower degree	degree	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
By remaining in the core, the viral RNA evades innate host immune responses called RNA interference that are triggered by the presence of double stranded RNA. During the infection, rotavirus produces mRNA for both protein biosynthesis and gene replication. Most of the rotavirus proteins accumulate in	in	ADP	viroplasm	NOUN	 viroplasm
The single was released in the UK by the Warner Music Group on May 9, 2011, as a CD single containing both the single version and The Hooligans remix of " Grenade ". On February 18, 2011 it was released as a digital download only in	in	ADP	New	PROPN	 New
A total of 590 higher plant and fern taxa have been recorded. The entire island is owned and managed as a single estate by Scottish Natural Heritage (SNH). As noted above, the island has a transient population comprising employees of SNH and their families,	,	PUNCT	researchers	NOUN	 researchers
The 11th South African Armoured Brigade, one of the 6th Division's two main components, was made up of Prince Alfred's Guard, the Pretoria Regiment (Princess Alice's Own) and the Special Service Battalion, each of which had a Rhodesian squadron of Sherman	Sherman	PROPN	tanks	NOUN	 tanks
This was one of the first in a series of catastrophic flooding events in the Northwest known as the Ice Age Floods. The deluge caused American Falls Lake to breach its natural lava dam, which was rapidly eroded with only the 50 foot (15 m) -high	-high	ADJ	American	PROPN	 American
Following Starr's repeated infidelities, the couple divorced in 1975. Maureen died from leukaemia at age 48 in 1994. In 1980, while on the set of the film Caveman, Starr met actress Barbara Bach; they were married on 27 April 1981. In 1985	1985	NUM	,	PUNCT	,
His intercession played a part in the ethnic policies: he is reported to have personally urged the Romanian pastoralists (mocani) to abandon their traditional lifestyle and their Budjak homes, offering them the option of purchasing Northern Dobrujan land. This had become widely available after the	the	DET	partition	NOUN	 partition
The Christians responded to these actions of the central government with a fresh wave of fury against the Jews so that in late May violence was in the air. The Jews described many cases in which they were assaulted or beaten by the Greeks, and the sons of	of	ADP	the	DET	 the
He held Charter until 1946, being re elected in 1933, 1934 (unopposed) and 1939. At the 1946 elections he stood for Salisbury Gardens and won, remaining there until his retirement from politics in 1948. At the 1933 elections, the Rhodesia Party was	was	AUX	defeated	VERB	 defeated
David, an ad man, proposes a campaign centered around the generosity of the casino in his case, replete with a jingle: " The Desert Inn has heart... The Desert Inn has heart. " The opening scene to the 1993 film Sister Act 2:	:	PUNCT	Back	ADV	 Back
Located in an area conducive to further development, Darby attained hurricane status on July 24, subsequent to the development of a 17 mile (27 km) -wide eye. The eye became more distinct while surrounded by an area of deep convection, and on July 25	25	NUM	the	DET	 the
Some restaurants may add extra ingredients to the " way " system; for example, Dixie Chili offers a " six way ", which adds chopped garlic to a five way. " Ways " are traditionally served in a shallow oval bowl. Cincinnati chili is also	also	ADV	used	VERB	 used
The new wooden buildings constructed by Gros and Laborde transformed the tandrotrano of traditional aristocratic Merina homes into the a decoratively carved post affixed at each end of the gable peak. In 1867, restrictions were relaxed on the aristocracy's use of stone and brick as building materials	materials	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
James R. Le Huray, Th. L. was the acting rector during the period 2004 – 2005. In the mid 1850s St John's established a Church of England Denominational Day School in a small, plain white stone building near the corner of Charlotte and Bland St	St	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
At eighteen, she moved to Kuopio to study at the Sibelius Academy. In December 1996, former classmate Tuomas Holopainen invited Turunen to join his new acoustic mood music project, and she immediately agreed. At the recording session for the first demo Holopainen discovered that due	due	ADP	to	ADP	 to
Born in Germany, Dekum emigrated to the north central U.S. with his family and as a young man went west in search of gold before starting a successful fresh fruit business in Portland. Prospering as a merchant, Dekum invested in real estate, banking, and an	an	DET	early	ADJ	 early
In June 2005, football agent Jacques Lichtenstein took Atlético Mineiro to court over Gilberto's transfer in 2002. Lichtenstein's lawyer argued that he and his informal partner, Ronny Rosenthal, never received an allegedly agreed 10% commission from Gilberto's £4.5 million transfer to	to	ADP	Arsenal	PROPN	 Arsenal
Scarpia tells his deputy Spoletta to arrange a mock execution, both recalling that it will be " as we did with Count Palmieri ". Following Spoletta's departure, Tosca imposes the further condition that Scarpia provide a safe conduct out of Rome for herself and her lover	lover	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
The mushroom is a poor bioaccumulator of the toxic heavy metals arsenic, cadmium, lead, mercury, and nickel. Biologically active mushroom polysaccharides have been a frequent research topic in recent decades due to their possible stimulatory effect on innate and cell mediated immune responses, antitumor	antitumor	NOUN	activities	NOUN	 activities
United Kingdom based BAE Systems has a large facility in West Chester producing armored vehicles, armor kits, and ballistic glass. The Joint Systems Manufacturing Center in Lima, in cooperation with General Dynamics, assembles armored combat vehicles, including the Expeditionary Fighting Vehicle and M1A2 Abrams	Abrams	PROPN	tank	NOUN	 tank
After touring the central monument, president Kalam then gave a speech on where Akshardham fits with society, and finished by saying, " Pramukh Swamiji Maharaj has inspired thousands of people across the country and abroad and brought together the best of the minds for creating a beautiful	beautiful	ADJ	cultural	ADJ	 cultural
The Sam Noble Oklahoma Museum of Natural History is a museum containing over 50,000 square feet (5,000 m2) of exhibits ranging from archaeology, paleontology, ethnology, herpetology, ornithology, and Native American studies. Its exhibits are intended to immerse visitors in the state's	's	PART	long	ADJ	 long
An updated version, Tomb Raider: Definitive Edition, was released in North America on 28 January 2014 and in Europe on 31 January 2014 for PlayStation 4 and Xbox One containing all features and DLC. A sequel, Rise of the Tomb Raider, was released in	in	ADP	November	PROPN	 November
Tottenham's second choice goalkeeper Michel Vorm had played all of their fixtures on their way to the final, but was dropped to the bench and replaced with Hugo Lloris for the decisive game. Compared to their defeat at Fiorentina, Tottenham made three changes in defence,	,	PUNCT	with	ADP	 with
Iowa State's leading rusher coming into the game was junior running back James White, who amassed 505 rushing yards during the season. One yard behind White with 504 rushing yards was Shontrelle Johnson, another junior running back. In the receiving game, Iowa State was	was	AUX	led	VERB	 led
Asserting that he did consult the original sources, Dershowitz said Finkelstein is simply accusing him of good scholarly practice: citing references he learned of initially from Peters's book. Dershowitz denies that he used any of Peters's ideas without citation. " Plagiarism is taking someone	someone	PRON	else	ADV	 else
It is recognized that administration of antibiotics may initially worsen the process outlined above, by increasing the amount of bacterial cell membrane products released through the destruction of bacteria. Particular treatments, such as the use of corticosteroids, are aimed at dampening the immune system's response	response	NOUN	to	ADP	 to
Wright died barely a year later, aged 70. Graham assumed both clubs would share the trophy, so when it came to a penalty shoot out he entrusted his players to decide their order. He described Wright's goal as " brilliant " and felt it was	was	AUX	"	PUNCT	 "
A popular print entitled Beware the pig sty! depicted the supposed attack on Elliot. In April 1861, a man signing himself " M. A. " wrote to Notes and Queries magazine, asking: Could you or any of your readers kindly inform me whether there exists	exists	VERB	any	DET	 any
After a final confrontation with Henry, his son Richard succeeded to the throne in 1189. Richard spent his reign focused on protecting his possessions in France and fighting in the Third Crusade; his brother, John, inherited England in 1199 but lost Normandy and most of	of	ADP	Aquitaine	NOUN	 Aquitaine
The director, in his determination to understand the earlier Caligari, experiments on a somnambulist admitted to the asylum, who becomes his Cesare. The director screams " I must become Caligari! ". Francis and the doctors call the police to Dr. Caligari's office,	,	PUNCT	where	SCONJ	 where
Hubbard established a " Hubbard College " on the other side of town where he continued to promote Dianetics while fighting Purcell in the courts over the Foundation's intellectual property. Only six weeks after setting up the Hubbard College and marrying a staff member, 18 year old	old	ADJ	Mary	PROPN	 Mary
On 17 January, around 8 o ' clock in the morning, the Portuguese attacked the Spanish in their trenches. The battle was undecided in its initial stages, as the Duke of San Germán and other Spanish generals made every effort to collect their troops and recover	recover	VERB	the	DET	 the
Ditka has a restaurant at 100 East Chestnut and coached the Chicago Bears to a Super Bowl XX victory. Sinatra made " My Kind of Town (Chicago is) " and " Chicago (That Toddlin ' Town) " famous. The main stem of the Chicago	Chicago	PROPN	River	PROPN	 River
Mike Wass from Idolator wrote that the song " sounds like fluffiest Nine Inch Nails song ever recorded ", also commenting it as " a total trainwreck, but there's something amusing about Xtina putting her haters in their place ". Joseph R. Atilano of Inquirer Entertainment	Entertainment	PROPN	praised	VERB	 praised
Though the design studies were complete, the French Navy did not authorize or begin construction of any battlecruisers before the start of the war. In the Naval Law of 30 March 1912, the French Navy called for a total force of 20 capital ships to be built	built	VERB	by	ADP	 by
And they were among the most prominent coins used to pay the hated temple tax, about which Jesus speaks in the biblical accounts of Matthew, Mark and Luke. Weighing about 15 grams and containing over 75% silver, these large attractive pieces are similar to the	the	DET	coinage	NOUN	 coinage
Although some investigators have suggested that this style is pre Olmec, archaeological excavations on the Pacific Coast, including those at Takalik Abaj, have shown that this style began to be used at the end of the Middle Preclassic and reached its height during the Late Preclassic.	.	PUNCT	The	DET	 The
The woman's hair, jewellery, and clothing are carefully represented, and gilding is used to emphasize many details. She is holding a scroll in her left hand, giving the impression of education as well as wealth. Other pepper pots in the hoard are modelled	modelled	VERB	into	ADP	 into
The Machias townspeople rose up, seizing the merchant vessels and then the schooner after a short battle in which its commander was killed. Their resistance and that of other coastal communities led Graves to authorize an expedition of reprisal in October whose sole significant act was the Burning	Burning	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
The title was assured in the penultimate game when McCall scored the second goal in a 2 – 0 victory over Bolton Wanderers. The league title was paraded before the final game of the season on 11 May 1985 at home to Lincoln City. However, the club	club	NOUN	's	PART	's
KRS One considered Run D.M.C. the epitome of rap music in 1984 and had begun to rap following their lead. But he has also said that BDP's approach reflected a feeling that the early innovators like Run D.M.C. and LL Cool J were by 1986 tainted by commercial	commercial	ADJ	success	NOUN	 success
The song was written and produced by Arjona along with longtime collaborators Dan Warner and Lee Levin under their stage name Los Gringos, with additional production work and background vocals from Puerto Rican singer songwriter Tommy Torres. " Como Duele " is the first single Arjona releases after	after	ADP	signing	VERB	 signing
Nomura used the description to create a sketch to get input from Nojima and other staff members. Nomura was also requested to design Tidus to look different from the game's theme in order to make him stand out. With the concept of the undead people used in	in	ADP	the	DET	 the
In addition it has been variously calculated that 10,000 million tonnes (1.1 × 1010 short tons) of sulfurous acid or 6,000 million tonnes (6.6 × 109 short tons) of sulfur dioxide were ejected into the atmosphere by the event. The subsequent collapse formed a caldera	caldera	NOUN	that	PRON	 that
Conservation matters (including trees and listed buildings) and environmental issues are also of interest to the council. The town falls within the unitary authority of North Somerset, although the area below high water mark, including the pier, is within Bristol. Before 1974,	,	PUNCT	the	DET	 the
Although he had attained success as a producer, Kanye West aspired to be a rapper, but had struggled to attain a record deal. Record companies ignored him because he did not portray the gangsta image prominent in mainstream hip hop at the time. After a series	series	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
The use of German actors who could not speak English required us to use a lot of close ups. I would stand behind the camera, correctly positioned for the actor's look, and read his or her line; the actor would then repeat the line,	,	PUNCT	mimicking	VERB	 mimicking
McCormick had purchased it following the 1948 death of Eleanor Medill " Cissy " Patterson, his first cousin, and wanted Bazy to use the paper to create " an outpost of American principles ". Robert McCormick had no children of his own, " doted " on	on	ADP	Bazy	PROPN	 Bazy
More than twenty years had passed since Dave Guard had left the group, but residual tension surfaced between Guard and Shane in an article in the Wall Street Journal that appeared in March 1982 following the national broadcast of the taped show. Guard implicitly disparaged Shane's current	current	ADJ	group	NOUN	 group
After the major disappointment of losing the role in The Good Earth, Wong announced plans for a year long tour of China, to visit her father and his family in Taishan. Wong's father had returned to his hometown in China with her younger brothers and sister	sister	NOUN	in	ADP	 in
Although Shockley, Thompson, and Carnes returned to their cells, the other three, Coy, Cretzer and Hubbard, persisted with their fight. The U.S. Marines intervened to help the correctional officers and killed the three prisoners. In this battle, apart from the guards	guards	NOUN	and	CCONJ	 and
Asexual propagation is frequently achieved through small root cuttings instead of leaf cuttings, which tend to rot before roots can form. Seed germination occurs as early as 10 days to 3 or 4 weeks with fresh seed, faster than many other Drosera species. Germination is phanerocotylar	phanerocotylar	ADJ	(	PUNCT	 (
BioShock has received universal acclaim. Mainstream press reviews have praised the immersive qualities of the game and its political dimension. The Boston Globe described it as " a beautiful, brutal, and disquieting computer game... one of the best in years ", and compared the	the	DET	game	NOUN	 game
He was born into a well connected family. His uncles included Sir Thomas Temple, 1st Baronet, of Stowe and William Fiennes, 1st Viscount Saye and Sele. His sister, Susan Temple, Lady Lister, was the mother of Martin Lister and the grandmother of	of	ADP	Sarah	PROPN	 Sarah
This was followed in 1986 by Jonathan Bate claiming that Keats was " left enriched by the voice of Shakespeare, the ' immortal bird ' ". Focusing on the quality of the poem, Stuart Sperry, argued in 1973, " ' Ode to a Nightingale '	'	PUNCT	is	AUX	 is
Warelwast was a native of Normandy, but little is known about his background before 1087, when he appears as a royal clerk for King William II of England. Most of his royal service to William was as a diplomatic envoy, as he was heavily involved in	in	ADP	the	DET	 the
I didn't get any of that. I was in a skintight rubber suit. Had I been 23, I would have been much happier, but at 49? " " Tsunkatse " was first aired on February 9, 2000 on the UPN network during the	the	DET	sweeps	NOUN	 sweeps
Clinical exam is often used means to diagnose CSF leaks. Improved patient response to conservative treatment may further define a positive diagnosis. The lack of clinician awareness of the signs -symptoms and ailments- of a CSF leak is the greatest challenge to proper diagnosis and treatment, in	in	ADP	particular	ADJ	 particular
In 1975, Percy L. Julian High School was opened on the south side of Chicago, Illinois as a Chicago public high school. In 1980, the science and mathematics building on the DePauw University campus was rededicated as the Percy L. Julian Mathematics and Science Center.	.	PUNCT	In	ADP	 In
This marked a slight drop in the ratings after one week off due to Thanksgiving. The episode became the highest rated non sports related NBC program for the original week it aired and also became the ninth most watched show for the week of broadcast among adults aged 18	18	NUM	–	PUNCT	 –
However, during the 1000 m time trial, Ohno came in second to J. R. Celski despite skating a personal best of 1: 24.500 to Celski's personal best of 1: 23.981. Celski, who finished second overall and was leading in points after the first	first	ADJ	two	NUM	 two
Boats up to 70 metres (230 ft) participated in the flotilla. Small boats led the flotilla, followed by power boats over 9 metres (30 ft), and, finally, sailing vessels. The General Elliot, a Gibraltar Port Authority vessel, was	was	AUX	at	ADP	 at
There are numerous other lifeboat services operating in the same area. Founded in 1824 as the National Institution for the Preservation of Life from Shipwreck, the RNLI was granted Royal Charter in 1860 and is a charity in the UK and Republic of Ireland. Queen Elizabeth II	II	PROPN	is	AUX	 is
In 1839 the RAC HBC Agreement was signed, giving the Hudson's Bay Company a lease of the southeastern sector of what is now the Alaska Panhandle, as far north as 56° 30 ' north latitude. American traders developed the " Golden Round " trade route	route	NOUN	around	ADP	 around
In Britain, Frisch and Rudolf Peierls at the University of Birmingham had made a breakthrough investigating the critical mass of uranium 235 in June 1939. Their calculations indicated that it was within an order of magnitude of 10 kilograms (22 lb), which was small enough	enough	ADV	to	PART	 to
Slightly more viscous eruptions of basalt (e.g., Strombolian) form a variety of pyroclasts from irregular sideromelane droplets to blocky tachylite (black to dark brown microcrystalline pyroclasts). In contrast, most high silica ash (e.g. rhyolite) consists of pulverised products of pumice (	(	PUNCT	vitric	ADJ	vitric
They include: Dunham Massey Lodge, on Dunham Road; Willow Cottage; numbers 1 and 2 Barns Lane; number 1 Orchard View; The Hollies, on Station Road; numbers 1, 3 and 4 Woodhouse Lane; Big Tree Cottages, on Woodhouse Lane.	.	PUNCT	Agden	PROPN	 Agden
Other leaders and analysts in the labor field thought her performance as secretary was underwhelming, with minimal public visibility and no memorable legacy left behind. All agreed that she operated in a difficult political environment, with the effects of the Great Recession still being felt, Republicans	Republicans	PROPN	staunchly	ADV	 staunchly
Quagmire's profanity laced tirade during the golf game was bleeped out on TV, but uncensored on DVD. The scene of Stewie remembering the time the Griffins had a nymphomaniac from Wisconsin in their attic was edited as FOX objected to the sounds of the woman having an	an	DET	orgasm	NOUN	 orgasm
Over the following decades formal naming schemes were introduced for several tropical cyclone basins, including the North and South Atlantic, Eastern, Central, Western and Southern Pacific basins as well as the Australian region and Indian Ocean. However, there has been controversy over the names	names	NOUN	used	VERB	 used
The producers chose to film in South Africa because of the lowered cost of employing cast and crew compared to locations in Europe and North America, and government incentives that offered to rebate up to 25% of the production costs. The film was shot digitally and primarily	primarily	ADV	in	ADP	 in
Sonically, " All About That Bass " comprises an earworm hook, early 1960s soul pop groove, scatting tempo and shimmying melody. Lyrically, " All About That Bass " serves as a callout to embrace one's appearance and promote a positive body image. The	The	DET	song	NOUN	 song
In total, local communist defensive strength was believed to include 1,000 men. In response, a large American ' search and destroy ' operation was launched in January 1966, involving more the 8,000 troops commanded by the US 1st Infantry Division under Major General Jonathan O. Seaman	Seaman	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
Natolin consisted largely of communist officials from the army and state security, including Mieczysław Moczar, Zenon Kliszko and Zenon Nowak, who advocated the removal of " Stalin's Jewish protégés ", but were themselves of Stalinist sympathies. Puławy faction included communists of Jewish origin from	from	ADP	the	DET	 the
The MBTA purchased the abandoned right of way from Penn Central on January 27, 1973. The Midland Branch also declined in importance after the Franklin division was connected to the New Haven mainline in 1899. Through trains from Connecticut were redirected to the mainline at Readville,	,	PUNCT	leaving	VERB	 leaving
Following the war, Flournoy entered Hampden – Sydney College in Hampden Sydney, Virginia, to pursue an education in classical studies. His elder brother Parke Poindexter Flournoy had been an assistant professor at the college during the war. Flournoy graduated with honors and a Bachelor of	of	ADP	Arts	PROPN	 Arts
Each squad member specializes in weapons, reconnaissance, repairs, demolitions or electronics. Those in the latter four categories may be given special commands, such as repairing a teammate's armor or setting explosive charges. During missions, squad members radio in enemy sightings and status	status	NOUN	assessments	NOUN	 assessments
At age 17, Yvon took Romeo to Calgary, Alberta to train under Stu Hart. Cormier made his professional debut in 1967 and wrestled in several countries. While touring the world as a competitor, he used several ring names. In Calgary's Stampede Wrestling,	,	PUNCT	he	PRON	 he
Whitaker later expressed his regret for participating in the film. In 2001, Whitaker had a small, uncredited role in the Wong Kar wai directed The Follow, one of five short films produced by BMW that year to promote its cars. He co starred in Joel	Joel	PROPN	Schumacher	PROPN	 Schumacher
Antonio de Silva ordered Avendaño to return to Mérida, and he arrived there on 17 September 1695. Meanwhile, the other group of Franciscans, led by Juan de San Buenaventura Chávez, continued following the roadbuilders into Kejache territory, through IxB ' am, B '	'	PUNCT	atkab	X	 atkab
After graduation, he worked as an overseas correspondent for the New York Mirror. He eventually moved to New York and began to build his literary reputation. Working with multiple publications, he was earning about $100 per article and between $5,000 and $10,000 per	per	ADP	year	NOUN	 year
Floatovoltaics are an emerging form of PV systems that float on the surface of irrigation canals, water reservoirs, quarry lakes, and tailing ponds. Several systems exist in France, India, Japan, Korea, the United Kingdom and the United States. These systems reduce	reduce	VERB	the	DET	 the
Several musicians were contacted by the pair, before Jackson and Richie were assigned the task of writing the song. The duo completed the writing of " We Are the World " seven weeks after the release of " Do They Know It's Christmas? ", and	and	CCONJ	one	NUM	 one
After his breakup with Betty Brant, Parker eventually falls in love with his college girlfriend Gwen Stacy, daughter of New York City Police Department detective captain George Stacy, both of whom are later killed by supervillain enemies of Spider Man. Mary Jane Watson eventually became Peter	Peter	PROPN	's	PART	's
In effect, the Spanish Constitution of 1812 adopted by the Cortes de Cadiz served as the basis for independence in New Spain and Central America, since in both regions it was a coalition of conservative and liberal royalist leaders who led the establishment of new states. The	The	DET	restoration	NOUN	 restoration
Ron and Harry subsequently reconcile, Ron now understanding the full danger of the tournament. When Harry opens the egg, though, it merely shrieks loudly. Meanwhile, gossipy reporter Rita Skeeter is writing scandalous articles of half truths and outright fabrications in The Daily Prophet about	about	ADP	those	PRON	 those
These were resolved, but the Federal Government declined to fund MURP's activities, and Walden returned to Notre Dame in 1964. Waldman was appointed dean of Notre Dame's College of Science in 1967. He held this position August, 1979, when he retired at	at	ADP	the	DET	 the
More than two thirds of the world was undernourished in 1949 and Bruce felt it imperative for the Council to bring these stark facts to the developed nations. A landmark agreement on technical aid between the FAO and the United Nations was reached in November 1949, and the	the	DET	FAO	PROPN	 FAO
The novel won the Dutton Animal Book Award in 1967, which resulted in its publication on September 11 that year by E.P. Dutton. It was a 1967 Reader's Digest Book Club selection and a winner of the Athenaeum Literary Award. It was well received by critics	critics	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
There is no single governing body for the Jewish community, nor a single authority with responsibility for religious doctrine. Instead, a variety of secular and religious institutions at the local, national, and international levels lead various parts of the Jewish community on a variety of	of	ADP	issues	NOUN	 issues
The album continued to receive praise after the release of Dopesmoker. Eduardo Rivadavia of online music database AllMusic gave the album four and a half stars out of five stating " Dopesmoker is [...] an instant doom metal classic — some might even say a masterpiece "	"	PUNCT	.	PUNCT	.
" As the daughter of two folksingers, Lillebjørn and Shari Nilsen, she grew up surrounded by music. " Nilsen is noted for the sincerity of her song writing and the clarity and range of her voice, characterized as " unique " and " beautiful ".	.	PUNCT	During	ADP	 During
One famous maroon, François Mackandal, escaped into the mountains in the middle of the 18th century and went on to plan attacks on plantation owners. Mackandal was caught and burned at the stake in 1758, but his legend lived on to inspire rebellion among slaves —	—	PUNCT	and	CCONJ	 and
He also tried to use leitmotifs of the Chrono Trigger main theme to create a sense of consistency in the soundtrack. Mitsuda wrote each tune to be around two minutes long before repeating, unusual for Square's games at the time. Mitsuda suffered a hard drive crash	crash	NOUN	that	PRON	 that
Whether positive or negative, Mega Man has been commonly received as very difficult. IGN's Casamassina found the game the hardest in the franchise, and among the hardest titles on the NES. IGN's Thomas observed that its combination of high difficulty and short length hurt	hurt	VERB	its	PRON	 its
Attempting to relieve God of responsibility for the occurrence of evil, Aquinas insisted that God merely permits evil to happen, rather than willing it. He recognised the occurrence of what seems to be evil, but did not attribute to it the same level of existence that	that	PRON	he	PRON	 he
In 1998, he was drafted by the Detroit Tigers in the fourth round of the 1998 Major League Baseball draft. Torres played in their minor leagues until 2002, when he made his major league debut. In 2003, he got a chance to be the everyday	everyday	ADJ	center	NOUN	 center
In the 18th century, this was home to the college stables. A fire in 1904 led to the demolition of the stables and the gateway to Ship Street. The fire also caused considerable damage to another building, about 80 metres (260 ft) long,	,	PUNCT	owned	VERB	 owned
By the next morning, they had shifted their focus to the recovery of bodies, with several vehicles known to be trapped under the debris and several people still unaccounted for. Twenty divers organized by the Hennepin County Sheriff's Office (HCSO) used side scan sonar	sonar	NOUN	to	PART	 to
In 2007 six of the national parks were declared a joint World Heritage Site under the name Rainforests of the Atsinanana. These parks are Marojejy, Masoala, Ranomafana, Zahamena, Andohahela and Andringitra. Local timber merchants are harvesting scarce species of rosewood trees from protected rainforests	rainforests	NOUN	within	ADP	 within
In 1855, two English scientists, Joseph Dalton Hooker and Edward William Binney, made the first scientific description of coal balls in England, and the initial research on coal balls was carried out in Europe. North American coal balls were discovered and identified in 1922.	.	PUNCT	Coal	NOUN	 Coal
In 2008, The Lion King was ranked as the 319th greatest film ever made by Empire magazine, and in June 2011, TIME named it one of " The 25 All TIME Best Animated Films ". In June 2008, the American Film Institute listed The Lion	Lion	PROPN	King	PROPN	 King
Rose du Lac, cattle capital of Manitoba, the NWWR continues west on MB PTH 68 and this connector highway will carry the NWWR for 128.2 km (79.7 mi). Shergrove is located close to the turn off north from the easterly direction of MB PTH 68	68	NUM	.	PUNCT	.
If a game's automatic bid team is selected for the BCS National Championship Game, it is allowed to select a replacement team. In the 2010 season, teams otherwise designated for the Rose Bowl and Sugar Bowl were picked for the national championship game. Following the	the	DET	two	NUM	 two
The bodies were made by Duncan and Fraser, who had built horse tram cars for the AS & T as well as bodies of electric trams for Melbourne service. All 70 A type trams were originally fitted with Brill Winner style seats in the saloon section but in	in	ADP	1937	NUM	 1937
The soundtrack album was released under the label of Saregama. Initially Sridhar decided not to have any songs in the film but later changed his decision. The inspiration for the opening line of the song " Engirundhalum Vaazhga " came to Kannadasan when he happened to hear the	the	DET	then	ADV	 then
On November 2, 2002, Jay Z and Beyoncé performed the song together at Saturday Night Live (SNL). Later, on November 21, 2002 they appeared on MTV's TRL for Spankin ' New Music Week where they also performed the song. In 2009	2009	NUM	,	PUNCT	,
The unusually low felt intensities, along with the short period body wave magnitudes, were components of the event that narrowed its classification into that of a tsunami earthquake. Tsunami earthquakes can be influenced by both the presence of (and lack of) sediment at the subduction	subduction	NOUN	zone	NOUN	 zone
Purkiss gave York the lead away to Histon before Bradley Hudson Odoi scored to equalise as the match finished a 1 – 1 draw, which ended a club record run of league victories at nine. A 1 – 0 away win over Kettering came after Rankine scored the	the	DET	only	ADJ	 only
Nasser also had his reputation as an anti colonial force, setting his sights on ridding South Yemen, and its strategic port city of Aden, of British forces. Mohamed Heikal, a chronicler of Egyptian national policy decision making and confidant of Nasser, wrote in For	For	ADP	Egypt	PROPN	 Egypt
The number and size of serrations on the leading margin of the tooth cusp increase relative to those on the trailing margin as the animal grows older. The lower teeth are upright and smooth edged. The five pairs of gill slits are rather short. The pectoral fins	fins	NOUN	are	AUX	 are
The lighter forces of the 3rd and 5th Parachute and the two commando brigades would use the inland route. When it was clear at 03: 00 that the German Army in front of the division was pulling back, the first divisional unit to follow up was the	the	DET	3rd	PROPN	 3rd
Cleopatra is a parody to the characters in blaxploitation films such as Foxy Brown and Cleopatra Jones, both of which are used in her name. Her clothing style is reminiscent of the disco era and her hair is in the afro style of the time. Taking inspiration	inspiration	NOUN	from	ADP	 from
While ska veterans Blue Meanies tried to empathize (" I think they [Blink] are just trying to get in the mindset of a teenager, which means a lot of curiosity about sex, ") others, such as John Lydon, frontman of the Sex	Sex	PROPN	Pistols	PROPN	 Pistols
’ Under the circumstances, the fact that the plaintiff was an Indian tribe can not make federal questions of the correct construction of the act and the bar of the statute of limitations. As it appears that the decision of the court of appeals was rested, in	in	ADP	addition	NOUN	 addition
Additionally, from the 1930s, Abdul Aziz created government tribunals or " committees " to adjudicate in areas covered by royal decrees such as commercial or labor law. The system of Sharia courts and government tribunals created by Abdul Aziz largely remained in place until the 2007 judiciary	judiciary	NOUN	reforms	NOUN	 reforms
For many years, the larger and indigenous exhibits were fully operational and in steam at weekends. Brighton and neighbouring Hove, on the English Channel coast between the South Downs and the sea, were built on top of a vast aquifer of chalk. A regular supply	supply	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
Durant made the most of his opportunity, becoming the first Roughrider quarterback to start all 18 games since Kent Austin, who last played for the club in 1993. Durant's consistency on the field was one of the reasons he earned the Roughriders ' starting quarterback position	position	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
Writers such as Ursula K. Le Guin, Roger Zelazny and Thomas M. Disch sold regularly to her at the start of their careers Le Guin later commented that Goldsmith was " as enterprising and perceptive an editor as the science fiction magazines ever had ". Not all Goldsmith	Goldsmith	PROPN	's	PART	's
This new plan would cut deficits by $4 trillion over 12 years through a combination of broad spending cuts and tax increases, including the expiration of the Bush tax cuts for incomes over $200,000 and proposed a cap on increases in Medicare and Medicaid spending, to	to	PART	be	AUX	 be
Analysis of the characteristics of forces ultimately culminated in the work of Archimedes who was especially famous for formulating a treatment of buoyant forces inherent in fluids. Aristotle provided a philosophical discussion of the concept of a force as an integral part of Aristotelian cosmology. In Aristotle's	's	PART	view	NOUN	 view
Two years later, Vaan, a Rabanastre street urchin, ignores his friend Penelo's objections and infiltrates the palace during a dinner celebrating the appointment of Archadian prince Vayne Solidor as consul. In the treasury he finds a piece of magicite, a powerful magical crystal.	.	PUNCT	He	PRON	 He
Although Shankar initially claimed that Enthiran would be made for all audiences, including those lacking computer literacy, the film is influenced by and makes references to many scientific principles relating to the fields of engineering, computer science and robotics, including terabytes and Asimov's laws of	of	ADP	robotics	NOUN	 robotics
He enlisted in the RAAF on 1 February 1929, and undertook flying instruction at RAAF Point Cook, Victoria, later that year. Hancock's initial postings after qualifying as a pilot were to Nos. 1 and 3 Squadrons. It was, however, common practice	practice	NOUN	for	ADP	 for
AC Kajaani was formed in 2006 after the merger of FC Tarmo and Kajaanin Palloilijat (KaPa), and plays their home games at the Kajaanin Liikuntapuisto. The men's football first team currently plays in the Kakkonen (Division 2). Kajaanin Haka was formed in	in	ADP	1953	NUM	 1953
The local branch of the Young Men's Christian Association (YMCA) offers a wide variety of recreational programs to members, and the Clinton Country Club maintains a private 18 hole golf course in Mill Hall. Lock Haven has a council manager form of government. The	The	DET	council	NOUN	 council
The tunnel project was estimated to cost $65 billion and take 15 – 20 years to build. In addition to the Russian government, sponsors of the project apparently include Transneft and RAO United Energy Systems. The project, as envisioned, would connect the Trans Siberian	Siberian	PROPN	via	ADP	 via
Panayi notes that Harben begins with contradictions and unsupported claims, naming Britain's supposed reputation for the worst food in the world, but claiming that the country's cooks were technically unmatched and that the repertoire of national dishes was the largest of any country's. The	The	DET	sociologist	NOUN	 sociologist
In the second, 77 second clip, Jim pranks Dwight by putting fake results from Jordan's surveillance of the office. Later in her talking head, it is hinted that Jordan has a crush on Jim. In the third, 86 second clip, the staff	staff	NOUN	realize	VERB	 realize
On 19 October, Gollob again achieved " ace in a day " for the fourth time, claiming a I 61 at 08: 55, three P 2s at 12: 36, 12: 37 and 12: 42, and another I 61 at 15:	:	SYM	35	NUM	 35
Controversy again surrounded Roberts at the Spanish Grand Prix when Spanish race organisers, knowing that Roberts had to race to maintain his points lead, refused to pay him starting money as guaranteed by FIM regulations. An angered Roberts proceeded to win the race, and then refused	refused	VERB	to	PART	 to
The first individual of a species to spawn may release a pheromone that serves to attract other starfish to aggregate and to release their gametes synchronously. In other species, a male and female may come together and form a pair. This behaviour is called pseudocopulation and the	the	DET	male	ADJ	 male
After the song, Styles caught a numbered ticket raining onstage. The number corresponded to a ticket held by a fan from the tube; the colour of the fan's shirt was the correct answer for the Red or Black? challenge. The band performed " What	What	PRON	Makes	VERB	 Makes
Corey begins a hate campaign against Irene Roberts (Lynne McGranger) and starts poisoning her with mercury, leading to her being sectioned. Martha finds out the truth about Corey and he chases her through the outback and holds her hostage. Jack saves her and Corey is	is	AUX	sent	VERB	 sent
" But, he asked, " [W] hy, finally, are we down at the docks — in the dark, no less — for one of those lumbering climaxes involving swinging shipping cranes? The energy bleeds out of the film; it's as	as	SCONJ	if	SCONJ	 if
The World Uyghur Congress has claimed that the death toll was around 600. Xinhua did not immediately disclose the ethnic breakdown of the dead, but journalists from The Times and The Daily Telegraph reported that most of the victims appeared to have been Han. For instance,	,	PUNCT	on	ADP	 on
Brønnøysund Airport cost NOK 2.7 million plus costs for expropriation and navigational aids. NOK 1.9 million was covered by the state, while the rest was covered by Brønnøy Municipality. The runway was originally 800 meters (2,625 ft) and was the only asphalted area in Brønnøysund	Brønnøysund	PROPN	.	PUNCT	.
He also has a bumper sticker which reads " my other car is the Millennium Falcon " which was given to him by somebody who looked liked the actor Harrison Ford; the Millennium Falcon was the ship used by Ford's character Han Solo in the Star Wars film	film	NOUN	series	NOUN	 series
After successfully completing sea trials, West Cohas sailed for Arica, Chile, to carry a cargo of nitrates to the United States. Sailing from Arica on 29 July, West Cohas transited the Panama Canal and arrived at Charleston, South Carolina, where she unloaded the	the	DET	cargo	NOUN	 cargo
In 1987, while in the United States, he was contacted by a Danish gossip magazine where he learnt the technique of photographing celebrities. Since the late 1990s, he has been a court photographer, following the lives of the Crown Prince, the Crown Princess and	and	CCONJ	their	PRON	 their
Valencia was sent back to Pawtucket on August 21, before being recalled again on September 25. He remained with the major league club for the rest of the season, while appearing in six games. On November 20, Valencia was designated for assignment along with four	four	NUM	other	ADJ	 other
He was particularly pleased to see surprised reactions from female fans to this form during KOF ' 97's location testing. Another minor development of his character was his change of " most valued possession / valued treasure " information. A girlfriend was also listed more than once	once	ADV	,	PUNCT	,
The story associated with this miracle tells that before the Battle of Ourique (July 25, 1139), an old hermit appeared before Count Afonso Henriques (future Afonso I) as a divine messenger. He foretold Afonso's victory and assured him that God was watching	watching	VERB	over	ADP	 over
At this point it becomes a white dwarf star, composed primarily of carbon and oxygen. Eventually the secondary star also evolves off the main sequence to form a red giant. Matter from the giant is accreted by the white dwarf, causing the latter to increase in	in	ADP	mass	NOUN	 mass
Kuntze proposed Sirmuellera as an alternative, republishing B. caleyi as Sirmuellera caleyi. The challenge failed, and Banksia L.f. was formally conserved in 1940. In his 1981 monograph The genus Banksia L.f. (Proteaceae), Alex George placed B. caleyi in B. subg.	.	PUNCT	Banksia	PROPN	 Banksia
Mido succeeded to win the Egypt Cup and secure the cup title for the second year in row, by beating Smouha 1 – 0, making him the youngest manager to win a trophy with his team in Egypt. On 29 July 2014 Mido was replaced by Hossam	Hossam	PROPN	Hassan	PROPN	 Hassan
The player can then call on Beat to attack any onscreen enemies. Mega Man 5 was developed by Capcom. Having had major involvement in the development in all prior Mega Man games, artist Keiji Inafune, credited as " Inafking ", worked under a new project	project	NOUN	leader	NOUN	 leader
Kotaku's Mike Fahey described the games as " a tough sell " at US $54.99 each and approximately $170 altogether in a market " dominated by free and $.99 games ". Technology Tell's Jenni Lada noted that the PSP version would be cheaper when	when	SCONJ	imported	VERB	 imported
In most cases where a cytoplasmic process needs to be restricted, a key participant is removed to the nucleus, where it interacts with transcription factors to downregulate the production of certain enzymes in the pathway. This regulatory mechanism occurs in the case of glycolysis, a cellular	cellular	ADJ	pathway	NOUN	 pathway
It was the first episode produced for the show and originally aired as a special sneak preview on September 17, 2009, but officially aired billed as the second episode on January 14, 2010, after the episode " Training Day ", which aired the same day	day	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
Columbia released selections in 1975 as The Basement Tapes. Over the years, more songs recorded by Dylan and his band in 1967 appeared on bootleg recordings, culminating in a five CD set titled The Genuine Basement Tapes, containing 107 songs and alternative takes. In the	the	DET	coming	VERB	 coming
She ran the project's office at 109 East Palace in Santa Fe, through which staff moving to the Los Alamos Laboratory passed. She was known as the " first lady of Los Alamos ", and was often the first point of contact for new arrivals.	.	PUNCT	She	PRON	 She
The next four years were spent in the shore establishments HMS Excellent and HMS Vernon on half pay, on HMS Cambridge, very briefly at Milford Haven in August 1886, and on board HMS Dreadnought in the Mediterranean. Irish nationalist MP Willie Redmond and Liberal MP Charles	Charles	PROPN	Conybeare	PROPN	 Conybeare
During his time in southern Vietnam, he also spent two years in Cambodia studying the Theravada Buddhist tradition. After his return from Cambodia, he oversaw the construction of a further 17 new temples during his time in the south. The last of the 31 new temples	temples	NOUN	that	PRON	 that
' " Where Gretzky differed from others in his development was in the extraordinary commitment of time on the ice. " From the age of three to the age of 12, I could easily be out there for eight to 10 hours a day ", Gretzky has	has	AUX	said	VERB	 said
Pat Boone recorded a version (also without the spoken bridge) in 1966 for his album, Memories. Doris Day recorded the song on June 6, 1967, for The Love Album. Italian singer, Bobby Solo, recorded it both in English and Italian in	in	ADP	the	DET	 the
Bundy spoke warmly of his grandparents in some interviews, and told Rule that he " identified with ", " respected ", and " clung to " his grandfather; but he and other family members told attorneys in 1987 that Samuel Cowell was a tyrannical bully and	and	CCONJ	a	DET	 a
His brother Mike also played baseball, receiving a scholarship to Florida State University. He was never interested in becoming a professional baseball player, however, and currently is a stock broker in Miami. By the time Hosmer was a teenager, he was a member of	of	ADP	several	ADJ	 several
Over the course of November, Burnside moved the army south to Falmouth, Virginia, opposite the Rappahannock River from Fredericksburg. The 21st arrived in Falmouth on November 19. Nearly a month passed before Burnside could organize a crossing of the river and an assault on the	the	DET	city	NOUN	 city
Holloway appeared for the first time in a major British television series in the BBC's 1967 adaptation of P. G. Wodehouse's Blandings Castle stories, playing Beach, the butler, to Ralph Richardson's Lord Emsworth. His portrayal of Beach was received with critical reservation,	,	PUNCT	but	CCONJ	 but
In 1830 a church revision noted that it was in a ruined state and so worn that only a few runes remained discernible, and when Hermelin later depicted the stone, he noted that the stone had been cracked in two pieces. In 1896, the runologist Erik	Erik	PROPN	Brate	PROPN	 Brate
The first and second plot of the story in this book shares the title, " My Lucy Friend Who Smells Like Corn ", with its corresponding section and is a short narrative about an unnamed narrator and her best friend Lucy Anguiano, the " Texas girl who	who	PRON	smells	VERB	 smells
Before the episode aired, Robert Sietsema of The Village Voice disapproved of it for being outdated. He commented that " this show should have been done, say, two or three years ago, when food blogging was hot. By now, many food bloggers of	of	ADP	our	PRON	 our
In 1817, Colonel Sylvanus Thayer became the Superintendent and established the curriculum, elements of which are still in use as of 2015. Thayer instilled strict disciplinary standards, set a standard course of academic study, and emphasized honorable conduct. Known as the " Father of	of	ADP	the	DET	 the
AllMusic critic Richie Unterberger describes this early version of the song as " haunting " and " a noteworthy find " among outtakes from Harrison's 1970 triple album. " When Every Song Is Sung " was one of up to six Harrison compositions recorded in February 1971 for	for	ADP	what	PRON	 what
For example, before a scene in which she needed to appear out of breath, she did a series of push ups before going on set. Always punctual and professional on the set, Madonna felt that her first takes were perfect and refused to appear for second	second	ADJ	or	CCONJ	 or
The springs are near the youngest lava fields of the Mount Edziza volcanic complex and are most likely associated with the most recent eruptive activity. These hot springs were highly important to the adjacent Tahltan people. Hot springs are closely associated with fumaroles, which are vents in	in	ADP	an	DET	 an
Whether consciously or unconsciously, [onstage] it seemed as if Ray was trying to recreate the Saturday night parties of his family's home — complete with chaos, beer and singalongs. " Both Ray and his brother Dave, younger by almost three years, learned	learned	VERB	to	PART	 to
It met all the design goals, but was not accepted for production as all the factories were already committed to building aircraft with a higher priority and Aeroflot had no requirement for the type, being fully satisfied with its existing Lisunov Li 2 and Ilyushin Il 12 airliners	airliners	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
The band is touring on The Sweet Revenge Tour with Kittie, It Dies Today and Bring Me The Horizon and by the end of the year Santos hopes to establish the band as a headlining act. On December 28, 2007 in a statement released to Blabbermouth.net,	,	PUNCT	Mora	PROPN	 Mora
He found that Angelou's performance made an indelible impression and that she had an unusual voice and striking appearance. Spector stated, " She had captured the audience swiftly and effectively with her calm and affectionate manner ", and promised that she would do the same for	for	ADP	listeners	NOUN	 listeners
" On 27 July 1890, aged 37, Van Gogh shot himself in the chest with a revolver. There were no witnesses. The location of the shooting may have been in the wheat field he had been painting recently, or a local barn. The bullet	bullet	NOUN	was	AUX	 was
Pope Boniface who regarded Hungary as a fief of the Holy See declared Charles the lawful king of Hungary on 31 May 1303. He also threatened Wenceslaus with excommunication if he continued to style himself king of Hungary. Wenceslaus, left Hungary in summer 1304, taking the	the	DET	Holy	PROPN	 Holy
Academic clubs include Art Club, Art National Honor Society, Beta Club, and National Honor Society. Political interest clubs are the Peace Activists Club, Young Democrats, Young Republicans, and Shanti, which attempts to eliminate teenage apathy. Competitive clubs include the two time	time	NOUN	state	NOUN	 state
In October 1996 plans were announced by Nottingham City Council to replace the ageing building with a twin rinked National Ice Centre. Work began on the 6,500 capacity arena section of the facility in the summer of 1998 and was completed in the spring of 2000. The Panthers	Panthers	PROPN	played	VERB	 played
The Bengal and Siberian subspecies are the tallest at the shoulder and thus considered the largest living felids, ranking with the extinct Caspian tiger among the biggest that ever existed. An average adult male tiger from Northern India or Siberia outweighs an average adult male lion by around	around	ADP	45.5	NUM	 45.5
Cute ' em ups feature brightly coloured graphics depicting surreal settings and enemies. Newer, particularly Japanese, cute ' em ups may employ overtly sexual characters and innuendo. Cute ' em ups tend to have unusual, oftentimes completely bizarre opponents for the player to fight,	,	PUNCT	with	ADP	 with
On 1 October 1942 Müncheberg was given command of Jagdgeschwader 77 (JG 77 — 77th Fighter Wing), operating in the Mediterranean Theatre. He died of wounds following a mid air collision during combat near Meknassy, Tunisia on 23 March 1943. Joachim " Jochen "	"	PUNCT	Müncheberg	PROPN	 Müncheberg
At the end of the video, Range uses a microphone to yell at the men who are standing in a line. Balls described the video as " a little racier than we'd expect from Keisha and Co ", but acknowledged that " it's nice to	to	PART	see	VERB	 see
Another sortie into the North Sea followed on 18 – 20 October, and the German fleet again encountered no British naval forces. In early September 1917, following the German conquest of the Russian port of Riga, the German navy decided to evict the Russian naval forces	forces	NOUN	that	PRON	 that
In his first season, the side won the Sheffield Shield, Gilchrist scoring an unbeaten 20 in the second innings to secure an easy win over Queensland in the final. Gilchrist made 274 runs at an average of 30.44 in his debut season, a score of 75	75	NUM	being	AUX	 being
It consists of five individual panel paintings: a central inner panel, and two double sided wings. It is signed and dated 1437, and in the permanent collection of the Gemäldegalerie Alte Meister, Dresden, with the panels still in their original frames. The only	only	ADJ	extant	ADJ	 extant
The most vocal support for union with Poland had come from within the territory awarded to Czechoslovakia, while some of the strongest opponents of Polish rule came from the territory awarded to Poland. Historian Richard M. Watt writes, " On 5 November 1918, the Poles and	and	CCONJ	the	DET	 the
Although the NHC ceased monitoring Tropical Depression Two, the Hydrometeorological Prediction Center (HPC) issued advisories until it dissipated early on July 10, over northern Mexico. Immediately after Tropical Depression Two was classified, a tropical storm warning was issued for the state of Texas,	,	PUNCT	covering	VERB	 covering
The remaining Collybia species, C. cirrhata, does not form sclerotia. The anamorphic or imperfect fungi are those that seem to lack a sexual stage in their life cycle, and typically reproduce by the process of mitosis in conidia. In some cases, the sexual stage	stage	NOUN	—	PUNCT	 —
On YouTube, it was released on 2 December 2008. The video's inspiration stemmed from a piece of art created by the sculptor Allen Jones in the 1960s, involving the use of female mannequins as everyday pieces of furniture. Shortly before its release, pictures of	of	ADP	the	DET	 the
She's also an accomplished dancer, which she proves at several points in the film. " It adds, " can this wonder filled film truly be not only Domalpalli's first feature, but originally part of a thesis submission at Columbia University? Both in the	the	DET	film	NOUN	 film
The main objective of the milling process is to extract the largest possible amount of sucrose from the cane, and a secondary but important objective is the production of bagasse with a low moisture content as boiler fuel, as bagasse is burned for electricity generation (see below	below	ADV	)	PUNCT	)
When he lets Luenell, an African American prostitute, into the house and shows her to the table, they both get kicked out. Borat befriends Luenell, and she invites him into a relationship with her, but he tells her that he is in love with	with	ADP	someone	PRON	 someone
While seabirds vary greatly in lifestyle, behaviour and physiology, they often exhibit striking convergent evolution, as the same environmental problems and feeding niches have resulted in similar adaptations. The first seabirds evolved in the Cretaceous period, and modern seabird families emerged in the Paleogene.	.	PUNCT	In	ADP	 In
The album only performed modestly commercially; it debuted and peaked at number 14 on the Billboard 200 album chart, selling a total of 382,000 copies, but managed to achieve Silver certification in the UK by the British Phonographic Industry. The album received a Grammy Award nomination	nomination	NOUN	for	ADP	 for
As the race entered the final laps, Räikkönen forced his way past Hamilton to secure second place, but Pastor Maldonado's attempts to take third place ended with Hamilton in the barrier and a broken nose for the Williams driver. Maldonado finished tenth, but was given	given	VERB	a	DET	 a
Comics historian Les Daniels noted that " Williamson's atmospheric technique, which relied on subtle textures as much as hard lines, was not typical of traditional DC art " and that editor Joe Orlando " got complaints from the production department " over using Williamson ' a art	art	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
The fashion historian Valerie Steele noted that after 19th century writers catering to audiences for tightlacing and sexual fetishism played up the sadomasochistic idea of a " cruel, tortuous fashion " enforced by a dominant queen who demanded unrealistically small waists from her subjects, this mythical royal connection	connection	NOUN	captured	VERB	 captured
In 2003, she dated August Busch IV and has also dated Italo Zanzi. She is a Republican, and during her Miss USA reign, she attended the The Commander in Chief's Ball at the Second inauguration of George W. Bush. Her Miss USA press release	release	NOUN	also	ADV	 also
On January 1, 1809, Martín de Álzaga rallied most peninsular battalions to Plaza de Mayo and attempted a mutiny against Liniers. A few criollos, such as Mariano Moreno, laid their hopes for independence in this attempt, but most did not. The battalions still	still	ADV	faithful	ADJ	 faithful
All parts of the sunfish are used in cuisine, from the fins to the internal organs. Some parts of the fish are used in some areas of traditional medicine. If the body does contain toxins, then the marketing and sale of ocean sunfish is forbidden in	in	ADP	the	DET	 the
Le Gris was then knighted in order that he and Carrouges be of equal standing during the fight. Both knights then dismounted and gave oaths to God, the Virgin Mary and St George, thereby sanctifying God's judgment over the duel's outcome. Finally, Carrouges	Carrouges	PROPN	approached	VERB	 approached
Unlike the soft, rapidly eroding cliffs further east, the coast of the SSSI has shown a less consistent pattern, with a net accretion of beach material between 1880 and 1950. However, this coastline is threatened by climate change, with sea level rising an estimated	estimated	VERB	1	NUM	 1
Dunn was passed fit well before the game, allowing Everton to field the same line up that played in four of their five previous cup ties. Ten miles (16 km) of barbed wire was used to secure Wembley Stadium against unauthorised entry. The pre match	match	NOUN	entertainment	NOUN	 entertainment
At the end of World War II, most of Bratislava's ethnic Germans were helped to evacuate by the German authorities. A few returned after the war, but were soon expelled without their properties under the Beneš decrees, part of a widespread expulsion of ethnic Germans	Germans	PROPN	from	ADP	 from
It got me out of my own little world and taught me how to understand white people, how to communicate and deal with them. Johnson was first dubbed " Magic " as a 15 year old sophomore playing for Everett High School, when he recorded a triple	triple	ADJ	double	NOUN	 double
" After hearing the recorded material, president Clive Calder ordered a full album. Spears had originally envisioned " Sheryl Crow music, but younger more adult contemporary " but felt all right with her label's appointment of producers, since " It made more sense to go	go	VERB	pop	VERB	 pop
As in London and the south east, this was in part due to the absence of key military leaders and the nature of English law, but any locally recruited men might also have proved unreliable in the face of a popular uprising. On 12 June, Wrawe	Wrawe	PROPN	attacked	VERB	 attacked
During the last six years of the reign of Artaxerxes III, the Persian Empire was governed by a vigorous and successful government. The Persian forces in Ionia and Lycia regained control of the Aegean and the Mediterranean Sea and took over much of Athens ’ former island empire	empire	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
" Research into Norte Chico continues, with many unsettled questions. Debate is ongoing over two related questions: the degree to which the flourishing of the Norte Chico was based on maritime food resources, and the exact relationship this implies between the coastal and inland sites.	.	PUNCT	A	DET	 A
As the date of the vote drew near, reports of anti independence violence continued to accumulate. The day of the vote, 30 August 1999, was generally calm and orderly. 98.6 percent of registered voters cast ballots, and on 4 September UN Secretary General Kofi	Kofi	PROPN	Annan	PROPN	 Annan
His vision is the one that is most important. " Barber said that deep down, Rhys is sensitive and he means well. When asked about the reaction Rhys has received from viewers, Barber believed they liked the character as he is unpredictable and manipulative. He	He	PRON	added	VERB	 added
Muhammad's new policy was to prevent alliances against him. Whenever alliances against Medina were formed, he sent out expeditions to break them up. Muhammad heard of men massing with hostile intentions against Medina, and reacted in a severe manner. One example is the assassination	assassination	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
Hurley had studied design at Indiana University of Pennsylvania, and Chen and Karim studied computer science together at the University of Illinois at Urbana Champaign. According to a story that has often been repeated in the media, Hurley and Chen developed the idea for YouTube during the	the	DET	early	ADJ	 early
She added that the dance remixes of the songs make a " dance party in a neatly packaged DVD set ". Above and Beyoncé debuted at number thirty six on the Billboard 200 chart dated July 4, 2009, selling 14,000 copies that week. It later peaked	peaked	VERB	at	ADP	 at
Small but commercially important quantities are also found in pentlandite extracted from Sudbury, Ontario, Canada, and in pyroxenite deposits in South Africa. The native form of ruthenium is a very rare mineral (Ir replaces part of Ru in its structure). Roughly 12 tonnes	tonnes	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
Originally, historians believed that Edward's decision to rebuild much of the castle was in response to the growing tensions with France; in this version of events, Hadleigh would have formed an importance coastal fortification along the Thames estuary, protecting it from French raids. Current	Current	ADJ	historical	ADJ	 historical
In the Memorial Hall of the gardens, there is a large painting depicting the original garden of Shen Kuo's time, including wells, green bamboo groves, stone paved paths, and decorated walls of the original halls. In this exhibition hall there stands a 1.4	1.4	NUM	m	NOUN	 m
Slimmy also declared that SLIMMY is no longer a solo project, but also belongs to those who follow it. In an interview with Jornal Metro, Slimmy said that the album reflects the maturity, greater stability in the mind. While maintaining his irreverence, Slimmy guarantees	guarantees	VERB	,	PUNCT	,
Congestion pricing has been widely used by telephone and electric utilities, metros, railways and autobus services, and has been proposed for charging internet access. It also has been extensively studied and advocated by mainstream transport economists for ports, waterways, airports and road pricing,	,	PUNCT	though	SCONJ	 though
It was ranked the best episode of the entire series by IGN and Den of Geek and the second best by Entertainment Weekly. The introduction scene follows from " Jacksonville ", where Olivia (Anna Torv) has discovered, through her Cortexiphan induced abilities, that Peter	Peter	PROPN	(	PUNCT	 (
On June 12, the band released a video for the song " 512 ". In February 2014, a documentary film featuring Lamb of God entitled As The Palaces Burn was released world wide. The documentary, directed by Don Argott, began filming in 2012 and	and	CCONJ	was	AUX	 was
The output design was identical in topology to a design found in a patent of Zobel's for a filter to separate multiplexed low and high frequencies on a transmission line. This was judged to be human comparable, not only because of the patent, but also because	because	SCONJ	the	DET	 the
Despite this growing popular support for independence, Congress lacked the clear authority to declare it. Delegates had been elected to Congress by thirteen different governments — which included extralegal conventions, ad hoc committees, and elected assemblies — and were bound by the instructions given to them	them	PRON	.	PUNCT	.
There are eleven medical staff for the eight bed medical facility, which includes an operating theatre and a dental surgery. There are 1,600 bunks in 470 cabins, including accommodation for a company of 250 Royal Marines with wide assault routes up to the flight deck. The	The	DET	vessels	NOUN	 vessels
The song was written by Bieber along with Omar Martinez and Adam Messinger and Nasri of The Messengers, with the latter duo producing the track. The song is taken as a single in several European countries from his first compilation album, My Worlds: The Collection.	.	PUNCT	In	ADP	 In
During this time he worked extensively with MTV Indonesia and various start ups. After the closing of Bintang Milenia, Arnada began working with Indonesian fimmakers Rizal Mantovani, Jose Poernomo and Dimas Djayadiningrat to establish the production company Rexinema. The company's first production was Jelangkung in	in	ADP	2001	NUM	 2001
This plan was eventually denounced by the Roman Catholic Church as contrary to natural justice and Christian charity, although some priests supported it. The attachment of Jane and her sisters to the rebellious factions in Ireland strained relations between the sisters and many of their father's former	former	ADJ	Liberal	PROPN	 Liberal
She is wearing angel wings on her back, with Hamasaki's and the song's title superimposed on her. The CD single features: the original version, the instrumental, the two alternative versions, one remix of " Whatever ", one remix of " Appears	Appears	VERB	"	PUNCT	 "
In an attempt to legally overthrow the government, the Christian Democrats suggested a motion of no confidence in response to the incident, but it was rejected. Another public outcry arose when the government, seeking the support of ethnic minorities, allowed the opening of over 80	80	NUM	Polish	ADJ	 Polish
European Union citizens have the right to travel freely into Malta without completing any special formalities. The nationals of many countries are not required to hold visas to enter Malta, although many are in accordance with uniform European Union regulations. A full list of nationalities required to	to	PART	hold	VERB	 hold
The crew sustained no injuries, and their ship received only minor damage. Hurricane Ioke, with a portion of its eye crossing the atoll, left an estimated 15% of the palm trees on the island with their tops blown off, with some ironwood trees blown	blown	VERB	over	ADP	 over
Sugarcane was grown and harvested on Ford Island with a network of aqueducts from freshwater reservoirs, transported to Waipio by barge and then by rail to the mills. In 1902, the nearby estate of Bernice Pauahi Bishop lost a crucial lawsuit brought by the United States to	to	PART	purchase	VERB	 purchase
His strategic achievements include the conquest of Arabia during the Ridda Wars, Persian Mesopotamia and Roman Syria within several years from 632 to 636. He is also remembered for his decisive victories at Yamamah, Ullais, and Firaz, and his tactical successes at Walaja and Yarmouk	Yarmouk	PROPN	.	PUNCT	.
According to Suetonius, a plague similarly struck during the fire. The nature of the disease, however, or the death toll are unknown. Suetonius claims that Vespasian was continuously met with conspiracies against him. Only one conspiracy is known specifically. In 78 or 79	79	NUM	,	PUNCT	,
The Center for Disease Control recommends all pregnant women be tested. The risk of syphilis can be decreased by latex condom use or not having sex. Syphilis can be effectively treated with antibiotics. The preferred antibiotic for most cases is benzathine penicillin G injected into a muscle	muscle	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
Bowers and Moffett provide a thoughtful study of the important role of empathy and human needs in mediation through the development of a theoretical model to explain the effectiveness of NVC mediation. The authors present theories of human needs and the basis for a common core of needs.	.	PUNCT	They	PRON	 They
Russia maintains a consulate in Barentsburg, led by Consule General Alexander Antipov. Article 9 of the Svalbard Treaty specifies that no fortifications and naval bases may be built on Svalbard, nor can the archipelago be used for " warlike purposes ". The preparatory work of the	the	DET	treaty	NOUN	 treaty
The Confederates evacuated Hayne's Bluff, which was occupied by Sherman's cavalry on May 19, and Union steamboats no longer had to run the guns of Vicksburg, now being able to dock by the dozens up the Yazoo River. Grant could now receive supplies more	more	ADV	directly	ADV	 directly
In October, the HGZ also participated in Operation Southern Move, which captured the town of Mrkonjić Grad, and reached the southern slopes of Mount Manjača, 25 kilometres (16 miles) south of Banja Luka. The corps was disbanded in 2000 and its constituents reorganised	reorganised	VERB	.	PUNCT	.
There are several other names considered to be synonymous with C. fragilis by the online taxonomical database MycoBank (see the taxobox). In North America, the fungus has colloquially been called " fairy fingers " or " white worm coral ". In the UK its recommended	recommended	VERB	English	ADJ	 English
Flynn claims that Grandison is filled with sexual passions that never come to light, and he represents a perfect moral character in regards to respecting others. Unlike Richardson's previous novel Clarissa, there is an emphasis on society and how moral characteristics are viewed by the public	public	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
He was a proud homosexual (or bisexual), which did not prevent him from keeping as his concubine a younger woman, commonly referred to as Domnica (" Little Lady ") or Mica (" Little One "). Born Alexandra Colanoski, she was	was	AUX	born	VERB	 born
It runs east – west and is 475 metres (1,558 ft) long. It supports 15 structures dating from the Terminal Classic through to the Postclassic and associated with the K ' iche ' occupation of the site. This terrace lies between the Buenos Aires and San	San	PROPN	Elías	PROPN	 Elías
In particular, the Queen's throne room and Blackadder's front room were featured in every episode, with only two further unique sets per episode, including an execution chamber in " Head " and a Spanish dungeon in " Chains ". Only one outside location shoot	shoot	NOUN	was	AUX	 was
It may lead to law and order problem in the State. " Bajrang Dal proponents protested with banners outside the St. Aloysius College gates and across Mangalore on Saturday 31 August, the day after the college had closed for a holiday, chanting slogans such as, "	"	PUNCT	Jai	PROPN	 Jai
Clisby destroyed two Dornier Do 17 bombers on 10 May, after which his aircraft was struck by friendly fire from a French anti aircraft battery. He became an ace the following day, when he shot down three German fighters before the rudder of his Hurricane was damaged	damaged	VERB	by	ADP	 by
As of April 1, 2009, there were 20,974 patients registered, with 10,626 caregivers holding cards for these patients. Virtually all patients benefiting from the program (18,000 +) suffer from severe pain and more than 3,200 from nausea. The other conditions are given as	as	ADP	epilepsy	NOUN	 epilepsy
During the beginning of season three, Chris Carabott from IGN described Ben as " one of the best ' villains on television ', due to his ' eerie manner ' and ' methodical delivery ' ". Later in the season Carabott had a problem with Ben being	being	AUX	so	ADV	 so
From March 1861, the Pony Express ran mail only between Salt Lake City and Sacramento. The Pony Express announced its closure on October 26, 1861, two days after the transcontinental telegraph reached Salt Lake City and connected Omaha, Nebraska, and Sacramento, California.	.	PUNCT	Other	ADJ	 Other
The battalion's left flank became compromised in the afternoon by the retreat of the surviving Northumberland Fusiliers. The Liverpool Scottish eventually retreated first to the second line, then to the more viable entrechments of the former German frontline. The battle persisted into the night, and	and	CCONJ	abortive	ADJ	 abortive
The Mk IV torpedoes had a warhead of 515 pounds (234 kg) of TNT. They had two speed and range settings: 25 knots (46 km / h; 29 mph) with a maximum range of 13,500 yards (12,300 m) or 40 knots	knots	NOUN	(	PUNCT	 (
The team's progress under Davis screeched to a halt in 2003. The Browns finished 5 – 11, and Randy Lerner embarked upon a major front office reshuffling. Policy resigned unexpectedly as president and chief executive of the Browns in April 2004, saying things had changed	changed	VERB	after	ADP	 after
Success was achieved that season however when Palace made their third trip to Wembley in twelve months, beating Everton 4 – 1 in the final of the Full Members Cup. The following season was to become one marked by controversy in another way. Critical Eye – Great	Great	PROPN	Britain	PROPN	 Britain
On her Twitter account, Courtney Love expressed her anger at Cobain's representation in the game and threatened legal action alongside other companies that represent Cobain's intellectual property. Love further stated that she received no monetary arrangements for Cobain's appearance, in response to comments that	that	PRON	believe	VERB	 believe
From mid 2012 to mid 2013, the company hired 44 people and moved its headquarters to a larger office in New York City. Another $6.5 million in funding was raised in March 2013 and $7 million was raised in July 2014 to fund additional expansion in	in	ADP	Europe	PROPN	 Europe
This class of materials has been named metallotropic. Thermotropic mesophases are detected and characterized by two major methods, the original method was use of thermal optical microscopy, in which a small sample of the material was placed between two crossed polarizers; the sample was then heated	heated	VERB	and	CCONJ	 and
Everyone was gripped with fear at the shock of the roaring flames and the terrible shattering of the bells as they fell from the towers; and none knew where to turn. The King and the Duke were in an amazed stupor; terrified by the suspicion of foul	foul	ADJ	work	NOUN	 work
After the war, the Decorations Board decided to change it to a Legion of Merit. In recognition of his work on the project, the Belgian government made him a Commander of the Order of the Crown and the British government made him an honorary Companion of the	the	DET	Order	NOUN	 Order
Captain Emile Dechaineux, commanding the destroyers supporting the forces ashore, brought Ammen, Bush, Mullany and Warramunga around and bombarded the island. The Japanese guns ceased fire but came alive again when another attempt was made to sweep the channel. Dechaineux then called off the	the	DET	effort	NOUN	 effort
South of Thebes the Isis sprang leak and nearly sank, having lost many provisions and spent several days repairing the boat they continued south to Aswan where the boats had to be left, since they could not make it across the first Cataract. They traveled by small	small	ADJ	boats	NOUN	 boats
Dissolution of the limestone produced many of the gorges including Cheddar Gorge and Burrington Combe. Springs are a common feature of the eastern part of the hills, a number of which have associated tufa deposits. The Devonian and Silurian rocks are generally more resistant to weathering than	than	ADP	the	DET	 the
In the summer of 2000, the city of Morgantown, West Virginia, and West Virginia Governor Cecil Underwood, dedicated the road outside of the West Virginia University Coliseum, " Jerry West Boulevard ". The same road is shared on the south end of Morgantown with	with	ADP	Don	PROPN	 Don
Transcontinental trading routes disintegrated, causing the decline of Bács (Bač, Serbia), Ungvár (Uzhhorod, Ukraine) and other traditional centers of commerce. Local Muslim communities also disappeared, indicating they had suffered especially heavy losses during the invasion. After the Mongol withdrawal	withdrawal	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
It derives from Medieval Latin vegetabilis " growing, flourishing " (i.e. of a plant), a semantic change from a Late Latin meaning " to be enlivening, quickening ". The meaning of " vegetable " as a " plant grown for food " was not	not	PART	established	VERB	 established
Later that year, he joined his cousin, future Kentucky Senator John Brown, at William and Mary College (now College of William & Mary). The instructors who influenced him most were Reverend James Madison and George Wythe. The Revolutionary War forced William and Mary	Mary	PROPN	to	PART	 to
Brigadier General James McCormack told the AEC commissioners that while thermonuclear weapons could potentially be thousands of times as powerful as fission weapons, as of 1949 there was no design that worked, and no certainty that a practical bomb could be built if there was one. He	He	PRON	cautioned	VERB	 cautioned
The song is a pop song, while the lyrics reflect her relocating from Nashville, Tennessee, to Hollywood, California. This is one of four collaborations between Cyrus and Dr. Luke, with EP title track " The Time of Our Lives ", will.i.am's "	"	PUNCT	Fall	VERB	 Fall
As a result, attendance had fallen from 60 to 22 scholars. Richmond records that the upper boys were reading Cicero, and their knowledge of Latin grammar was " satisfactory ". He also records the teaching of Greek, algebra, and English language, noting that	that	SCONJ	French	PROPN	 French
He has also been featured in similar Animage monthly polls. Hitsugaya ranked eighth in 2008 and third in 2009 in a survey titled " The Character I Want to Be My Groom " from the Japanese music distributor Recochoku. In order to promote the second film of Bleach	Bleach	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
Paterson Clarence Hughes was born in Numeralla, near Cooma, New South Wales, on 19 September 1917. He was the second youngest of twelve children, the last of four boys in his family. Hughes ' father was a teacher by profession but at the time	time	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
Jonathan Bellman writes that modern concert performance style — set in the " conservatory " tradition of late 19th- and 20th century music schools, and suitable for large auditoria or recordings — militates against what is known of Chopin's more intimate performance technique. The composer himself said	said	VERB	to	ADP	 to
Cyan proposed Myst to Sunsoft with a $265,000 price tag — more than double what they thought it would cost to develop the game, but ultimately less than Myst cost to produce. After getting the go ahead, Cyan play tested the entire game in a role	role	NOUN	played	VERB	 played
It has been crossed with both cybister and single flower cultivars to produce hybrids with unusual striping. Species are generally diploid with 2n = 22 chromosomes, but some species, such as Hippeastrum iguazuanum, have 24. The genus has a degree of interspecies intercompatibility allowing crossing	crossing	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
<formula> <formula> <formula> In 1983 Stuart Beal (and also independently Santiago Schnell and Claudio Mendoza in 1997) derived a closed form solution for the time course kinetics analysis of the Michaelis Menten mechanism. The solution, known as the Schnell Mendoza	Mendoza	PROPN	equation	NOUN	 equation
This allowed them to view the herds as nuisances and deal with them as such, including sending many to slaughter. In the late 1970s, growing public opposition to the removal of feral horses prompted management strategy changes, and today the herds within the Theodore Roosevelt National	National	PROPN	Park	PROPN	 Park
Removal rates were above average, 72 percent versus the average of 68 percent. Norton blocked reinstallation with a score of 48 percent, compared to the group average of 43 percent. Overall, Norton ranked fifth among the tested products. In PC Magazine testing, Norton	Norton	PROPN	installed	VERB	 installed
As a result, " Operation Cantas Kenyalang " was started in 2008 to clamp down gangsterism in Sarawak. In September 2013, Sibu police chief announced that " Lee Long ", " Sungai Merah ", and " Tua Chak Lee " gangs ceased to exist and	and	CCONJ	Sibu	PROPN	 Sibu
" Many filmmakers saw Jurassic Park's effects as a realization that many of their visions, previously thought unfeasible or too expensive, were now possible. ILM owner George Lucas, realizing the success of creating realistic live dinosaurs by his own company, started to make the	the	DET	Star	PROPN	 Star
Nico attempts to find out more about her father's involvement with Carchon. She deduces quickly that Imelda is in danger and rushes to the Palais Royale to save her. Nico is too late, but the dying Imelda gives Nico a key that fits a box Nico	Nico	PROPN	's	PART	's
The largest change came about with William IV, who appointed an average of nine a year, and following him approximately 12 were created a year, with an average of 245 at any one time. Every new Queen's Counsel created reduced the Serjeants in importance,	,	PUNCT	since	SCONJ	 since
" My Life as a 10 Year Old Boy's original print of 25,000 copies were sold on pre order in the United Kingdom, with 38,000 copies being sold. Cartwright began a publicity tour in late October 2000, starting in her hometown of Dayton, Ohio,	,	PUNCT	where	SCONJ	 where
Much of Tulsa's convention space is located in downtown, such as the Tulsa Performing Arts Center, the Tulsa Convention Center, and the BOK Center. Prominent downtown sub districts include the Blue Dome District, the Brady Arts district, the " Oil Capital Historic District	District	PROPN	"	PUNCT	 "
With improvements and additions over the years, it became the world's largest flour mill. The Pillsbury " A " Mill is now a National Historic Landmark, along with the Washburn " A " Mill. In 1891, Northwestern Consolidated Milling Company was formed, consolidating	consolidating	VERB	many	ADJ	 many
In " The Parting of the Ways ", Jack kissed both Rose and the Doctor on the lips, the latter being the first same sex kiss in the history of the program. Despite the boldness of the first lesbian, gay or bisexual character in the series	series	NOUN	'	PART	 '
These suggestions, with the exception of holding the National Assembly elections earlier, were rejected at the 11th plenum of the 9th Central Committee in January 2005. At the 14th plenum of the 9th Central Committee, the Politburo proposed that Mạnh would be appointed president and resign	resign	VERB	from	ADP	 from
As of 2014, the A380 test aircraft continue to perform test procedures. Airbus obtained type certificates for the A380 841 and A380 842 model from the EASA and FAA on 12 December 2006 in a joint ceremony at the company's French headquarters, receiving the ICAO code	code	NOUN	A388	PROPN	 A388
In the same case, the Supreme Court also ruled that " life " under Article 21 meant more than a mere " animal existence "; it would include the right to live with human dignity and all other aspects which made life " meaningful, complete and worth	worth	ADJ	living	VERB	 living
His unprecedented Olympic success in 2008 earned Phelps Sports Illustrated magazine's Sportsman of the Year award. After the 2008 Summer Olympics, Phelps started the Michael Phelps Foundation, which focuses on growing the sport of swimming and promoting healthier lifestyles. He continues to work with his	his	PRON	foundation	NOUN	 foundation
Rigele and U 31 departed Pola on 30 April for a three day cruise to Cattaro via Sebenico. On 20 May, the boat left Cattaro for a Mediterranean patrol, but had to turn back with leaks after a day. In June, the Austro Hungarian Navy	Navy	PROPN	planned	VERB	 planned
To celebrate their achievement, a plane was sent out to take the two men champagne, along with Bothy. On 29 April 2007, a Jack Russell named George saved five children at a carnival in New Zealand from an attack by two pit bulls. He was	was	AUX	reported	VERB	 reported
While loss of habitat has affected native animals such as the pine marten, elk, woodland caribou, and bison, others like whitetail deer and bobcat thrive. The state has the nation's largest population of timber wolves outside Alaska, and supports healthy populations of black	black	ADJ	bears	NOUN	 bears
If they ask you to do something, do it, and then send them a note thanking them for asking you to do it. They're weird and they're dangerous, and you never want to be on their bad side. " The race was close	close	ADJ	,	PUNCT	,
The ten half hour episodes aired during prime time, from 9: 00 to 9: 30 p.m. Although there were plans for a second season, DuMont canceled the show in 1952. No copies of the show or its scripts are known to exist. After the	the	DET	completion	NOUN	 completion
When Jolie was six years old, Bertrand and her live in partner, filmmaker Bill Day, moved the family to Palisades, New York; they returned to Los Angeles five years later. Jolie then decided she wanted to act and enrolled at the Lee Strasberg Theatre	Theatre	PROPN	Institute	PROPN	 Institute
The story was first published in 1933, in issue 40, volume 11, of Pandji Poestaka. " Salah Paham " (meaning " Misunderstanding ") follows Kari Boengsoe, a gambir merchant, who travels to Singapore after turning a tidy profit. When his escort	escort	NOUN	leaves	NOUN	 leaves
As of 2011, Providence College is ranked first in the country by The Princeton Review in the " Lots of Hard Liquor " category. Students run the college's radio station, WDOM, as well the on campus television station, PCTV. The station was ranked	ranked	VERB	the	DET	 the
In a post match interview, the four men announced the formation of an all gaijin stable named " Bullet Club ". The four members of Bullet Club wrestled their first match together on May 22, when they defeated Captain New Japan, Hiroshi Tanahashi, Manabu Nakanishi	Nakanishi	PROPN	and	CCONJ	 and
Instead of recurving quickly around the subtropical ridge to its east and southeast, Maury slowed as it entered Nina's larger circulation. Nina absorbed Maury's circulation on October 1 as it overtook the storm from the southwest. Like Maury, Nina formed near the intersection of	of	ADP	a	DET	 a
And, I can say that I think the song is unbelievable. The Gaga thing took me by surprise, ' cause I've done videos for probably 15 years, and I had forgotten what it felt like to have a video premiere and have it be anticipated	anticipated	VERB	and	CCONJ	 and
Ultimate Rollercoaster describes Batman: The Ride as " the ride of your life ". They state " the sensation created by an inverted coaster is very different from that of traditional roller coasters. It is a sensation that every coaster fan must experience ". In Amusement	Amusement	PROPN	Today	NOUN	 Today
In his six starts, Richard notched three wins, two complete games and posted a 2.79 ERA. He was then promoted to Triple A baseball with the Tucson Toros of the Pacific Coast League. He struggled to control the ball, conceding a high number of runs	runs	NOUN	to	ADP	 to
Following the capability test, the results of which car designs scored the best in the test are displayed. The sim car then begins the efficiency test. In the first part, the sim cars are scanned for " optimum eco efficiency ". The second test performs	performs	VERB	an	DET	 an
Piers Gaveston's father was Arnaud de Gabaston, a Gascon knight in the service of Gaston VII of Béarn. Gabaston had come into a substantial amount of land in Gascony through his marriage to Claramonde de Marsan, who was co heir with her brother of the great	great	ADJ	landowner	NOUN	 landowner
In the east of the village the land rises, forming chalk cliffs and cliff stacks around the beaches at Grenham Bay, Beresford Gap and Epple Bay. A sea wall stretches along the foot of the cliffs to prevent further erosion. The geology of Thanet consists mainly	mainly	ADV	of	ADP	 of
" Spears is sitting on a picnic blanket wishing she was there with him. She leaves alone. " On February 20, 2012, behind the scenes footage of the music video leaked online. Spears performed " Sometimes " in four concert tours, with the first	first	ADJ	time	NOUN	 time
Ramon kept his momentum by performing a bulldog, a scoop slam, and a superplex. When Michaels tried to get involved again, Payton chased him around the outside of the ring. While the referee was distracted, Michaels entered the ring and tried to perform a	a	DET	superkick	NOUN	 superkick
Friction exists between any parts that move against each other: in the drive train, between the steering mechanism and the rear frame, etc. In addition to brakes, which create friction between rotating wheels and non rotating frame parts, many bikes have front and rear	rear	ADJ	suspensions	NOUN	 suspensions
" In one case, Jay did one show of a two night stand on the East Coast and Max then took a red eye flight back from Los Angeles to do the second. The Tonight Show with Conan O'Brien premiered on June 1, 2009, with The	The	DET	Max	PROPN	 Max
The 4th Army consisted of the 3rd Army Corps, the 5th Army Corps, the 11th Army Corps (two fortress brigades), and the 4th Army Cooperation Command. The army group level 2nd Army Corps, under Major General N. Macici, controlled the 9th and	and	CCONJ	10th	PROPN	 10th
On the other hand, the baby orangutan was painted over a nail on the wall, where people can ' place ' items in its hand. Kuching features a number of shopping malls. These include VivaCity Megamall, The Spring, Boulevard Shopping Mall, Plaza Merdeka	Merdeka	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
In January 1201, John made peace with his half brother, but it did not last, as Geoffrey continued to refuse to allow the tax to be collected. John then renewed the demand for the payment for the office of sheriff due from Richard's reign,	,	PUNCT	which	PRON	 which
He complained about the lax system for educating priests in Quito and said it instilled slothful habits in students. As a result, the priests had no real idea of their duties towards society and God and had little inclination to study. In El Nuevo Luciano de Quito	Quito	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
The AN / SPS 6 air search radar system was replaced with the AN / SPS 49 radar set (which also augmented the existing navigation capabilities on the battleships), and the AN / SPS 8 ground search radar set was replaced by the AN / SPS 67	67	NUM	search	NOUN	 search
But I couldn't prevent myself from seeing the Blacks as big children, either. " Tintin in the Congo was serialised under the French title of Tintin au Congo in Le Petit Vingtième from 5 May 1930 to 11 June 1931; it was syndicated to the French	French	ADJ	Catholic	PROPN	 Catholic
Their songs started appearing on the soundtracks of major Hollywood movies, including Baz Luhrmann's Romeo + Juliet and John Carpenter's Escape from L.A. Despite improved sales with their second Capitol album, the group's relationship with the label was increasingly troubled. A planned 1998 project	project	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
This has been met with praise by the Jewish community. However, it was said that it could take up to a year to gather all the documents and then analyze them. On 26 May 2014 on his way back from the Holy Land to Vatican City,	,	PUNCT	Pope	PROPN	 Pope
Irvine continued to play for Northern Ireland, winning caps against Mexico, England and Scotland, but it was almost two and a half years before he scored again in international football. His two goals in a friendly match against Israel were his last for Northern Ireland,	,	PUNCT	although	SCONJ	 although
Maunsell also incorporated a screw reverser to control valve events, which was easier to maintain than the complex steam reverser configuration of previous SECR designs. All components were standardised for interchange with similar locomotive classes to ease maintenance and reduce production costs. For a detailed examination of	of	ADP	the	DET	 the
Returning home, Čáslavská was made an outcast by the Soviet government and was banned from competition and travelling. Currently, the government of Iran has taken steps to avoid any competition between its athletes and those from Israel. An Iranian judoka, Arash Miresmaeili, did not	not	PART	compete	VERB	 compete
Players are not required to eat these or any other organisms; they may travel to higher or lower planes at any time. Being defeated by aggressive creatures does not result in death, but causes the player's creature to float to a higher plane. In the	the	DET	Flash	PROPN	 Flash
1410 – 1451) was a German painter working in the late " soft style " of the International Gothic. His paintings combine that era's tendency towards long flowing lines and brilliant colours with the realism, virtuoso surface textures and innovative iconography of the early Northern Renaissance	Renaissance	PROPN	.	PUNCT	.
In the 2002 general elections, she successfully contested and secured the parliamentary constituency of her father, veteran politician Ghulam Noor Rabbani Khar, after most members of her family were disqualified. With the financial support of her father, she campaigned on a newly founded PML (	(	PUNCT	Q	PROPN	Q
In early usage, there were many variants, including medium aevum, or " middle age ", first recorded in 1604, and media saecula, or " middle ages ", first recorded in 1625. The alternative term " medieval " (or occasionally " mediaeval	mediaeval	ADJ	"	PUNCT	 "
It is commonly stated that the Spartans were obeying the laws of Sparta by not retreating, but it seems it was actually the failure to retreat from Thermopylae that gave rise to the notion that Spartans never retreated. It is also possible that, recalling the words of	of	ADP	the	DET	 the
On December 4, 2013, the Tigers signed Nathan to a two year, $20 million contract, with a club option for 2016. This reunited him with former teammate and fellow ex Twins great, Torii Hunter along with Rangers teammate Ian Kinsler. On May	May	PROPN	5	NUM	 5
Hezbollah claimed responsibility. The 1994 AC Flight 901 attack, killing 21, in Panama. Hezbollah claimed responsibility. The 1994 London Israeli Embassy attack, injuring 29, in the United Kingdom. The 1996 Khobar Towers bombing, killing 19 US servicemen. Providing " direct	direct	ADJ	assistance	NOUN	 assistance
The nonprofit organization offered artist residencies in two historic buildings, a former bank and meeting hall and a former dry goods store converted to apartment and studio space. The organization sponsored annual art events including the American Indian Artists Symposium and the Basin City Jazz Art Experience,	,	PUNCT	held	VERB	 held
Meanwhile, singer songwriter Sally Dworsky provides the singing voice of adult Nala, which is heard during the song " Can You Feel the Love Tonight ". The film's love theme, " Can You Feel the Love Tonight " ' s lyrics were re written approximately	approximately	ADV	15	NUM	 15
The slope was subsequently abandoned, and an adjacent facility, for the ski jumps, fell into disuse. The JMC continued to own and maintain the property after skiing ceased. Periodic rockfalls continue to happen, with debris sliding down the mountain face. In 1984,	,	PUNCT	State	PROPN	 State
The scenario saw George Michael " floating about on a lilo in his Speedoes and shades ", relaxing with the boys by Pike ’ s pool sipping cocktails. The scene of the trumpet playing took place in the pool itself. Tony Pike got on well with the	the	DET	band	NOUN	 band
Hōshō was taken out of reserve as a " special guard ship " on 1 June and many of her crew were transferred back. During this time, the ship remained moored and camouflaged off Nishinomishima at Kure. Hōshō was slightly damaged by a single bomb or aerial	aerial	ADJ	rocket	NOUN	 rocket
According to Total Film, Nolan manages to create such strong characters and story that the third act action sequences can not compare to " the frisson of two people talking ", and Katie Holmes and Christian Bale's romantic subplot has a spark " refreshingly free of Peter	Peter	PROPN	Parker	PROPN	 Parker
With remnants of the Holocaust and artifacts relevant to Judaism, the Sherwin Miller Museum of Jewish Art of Tulsa preserves the largest collection of Jewish art in the Southwest United States. Oklahoma's centennial celebration was named the top event in the United States for 2007 by the	the	DET	American	PROPN	 American
Sheppard's of Gibraltar, the former owner of the marina which was established in 1961, still has a presence there. The business provides support services for yacht owners from both their chandlery and shipyard departments. Their chandlery shop on the ground floor of Marina Court at	at	ADP	Ocean	PROPN	 Ocean
He starred as a member of the Princeton Tigers men's lacrosse team from 1991 through 1994 and was inducted into the Lacrosse Museum and National Hall of Fame in 2009, joining his brother and father. He was a high school and college lacrosse United States Intercollegiate Lacrosse	Lacrosse	PROPN	Association	PROPN	 Association
Section 1: The path crosses Golden Acre Park and passes the Yorkshire Wildlife Trust's Adel Dam Nature Reserve, following the route of the Meanwood Valley Trail. It coincides briefly with the Leeds link to the Dales Way north of Eccup Reservoir, before crossing the Ebor	Ebor	PROPN	Way	PROPN	 Way
On 23 May, the French tried to conduct a series of offensives against the German defensive line on the Ardennes – Calais axis but failed to make any meaningful gains. Meanwhile, on the Belgian front, the Belgians, under pressure, retreated further, and the	the	DET	Germans	PROPN	 Germans
The city was razed, and temples and shrines were looted and burned. Furthermore, according to Darius's commands, the Persians enslaved all the remaining townspeople. The Persian fleet next headed south down the coast of Attica, landing at the bay of Marathon, roughly	roughly	ADV	25	NUM	 25
It was released as the album's fourth single on July 28, 2007 by RCA Records. It was written by Aguilera, Mark Ronson, Kara DioGuardi and Raymond Angry, and produced by Ronson and co produced by Aguilera. The song is built around samples of	of	ADP	"	PUNCT	 "
Angry Birds was the studio's 52nd produced game and on its initial release, the game didn't sell many copies. After Angry Birds was a featured app on the UK App Store in February 2010 and quickly reached No.1 there, it reached the No. 1	1	NUM	spot	NOUN	 spot
The game takes place in the fictional land of Ivalice, where the empires of Archadia and Rozarria are waging an endless war. Dalmasca, a small kingdom, is caught between the warring nations. When Dalmasca is annexed by Archadia, its princess, Ashe, creates	creates	VERB	a	DET	 a
Reaching the bridge, he is able to connect himself to the sub's missile guidance systems and activate the missiles. The Doctor and Clara are attempting to persuade Skaldak to show mercy when the sub is rocked by a tractor beam from above: the Ice Warriors have	have	AUX	arrived	VERB	 arrived
Saltzman was happy with the choice of the Far East for the setting as he had always wanted to go on location in Thailand and Hong Kong. During the reconnaissance of locations in Hong Kong, Broccoli saw the wreckage of the former RMS Queen Elizabeth and came up	up	ADP	with	ADP	 with
He also made several early broadcasts with Mangeot's quartet. Barbirolli's ambition was to conduct. He was the prime mover in establishing the Guild of Singers and Players Chamber Orchestra in 1924, and in 1926 he was invited to conduct a new ensemble at the Chenil	Chenil	PROPN	Gallery	PROPN	 Gallery
From 1836 to 1840, he noticed significant changes in magnitude when Betelgeuse outshone Rigel in October 1837 and again in November 1839. A 10 year quiescent period followed; then in 1849, Herschel noted another short cycle of variability, which peaked in 1852. Later observers	observers	NOUN	recorded	VERB	 recorded
The threat from Earl prompted a tropical storm watch in the Bahamas and later Bermuda, while a coastal flood watch was issued in Florida. Because Earl remained offshore, impact was generally minor. Throughout Florida, Earl spawned 11 tornadoes and brought moderately heavy rainfall, peaking	peaking	VERB	at	ADP	 at
Vandegrift, therefore, decided to conduct a series of small unit operations around the Matanikau Valley. The first U.S. Marine operation against Japanese forces west of the Matanikau, conducted between 23 and 27 September 1942 by elements of three U.S. Marine battalions, was repulsed by Kawaguchi	Kawaguchi	PROPN	's	PART	's
The Kaqchikel document Testamento de los Xpantzay gives alternate titles for two of the four lords. This document lists the Ahpo Sotz ' il and the Ahpo Xahil as the two most important, the other two lords were drawn from two additional clans and were the Ahpo Tukuche	Tukuche	PROPN	(	PUNCT	 (
As the battle began, several of Nelson's ships of the line ran aground on shoals in the harbour, forcing the improvisation of a new plan of attack. As Nelson's ships engaged their Danish counterparts, Riou took his frigates in to harass the Trekroner Fort	Fort	PROPN	and	CCONJ	 and
Contrary to what many East Side residents thought, the demolition of the elevateds did not help the travel situation, as the Lexington Avenue Line was now the only subway transportation option on the East Side. By 1957, it had been made clear that the 1951 bond	bond	NOUN	issue	NOUN	 issue
Eastbound, the train departed Chicago at 4: 30 p.m. as train # 6. This scheduled departure was timed so that travelers riding western railroads such as the Santa Fe, Chicago and North Western Railway, or the Burlington could readily connect for an eastward journey on	on	ADP	B	PROPN	 B
Both of these gave increased construction costs and alteration of the architectural design plans. During this entire period, BE1 was insolvent. The bank therefore required that the entire sales price of Hamar stadion be transferred to BG, even though NOK 50 million was to go to	to	ADP	the	DET	 the
After putting into occupied France and undergoing repairs, the ship participated in Operation Cerberus, a daring daylight dash through the English Channel back to Germany. In February 1942, Prinz Eugen was deployed to Norway, although her time stationed there was cut short when she was	was	AUX	torpedoed	VERB	 torpedoed
Damage across the Southwest amounted to US $3.7 million. A tropical wave emerged into the Atlantic Ocean from the west coast of Africa on August 21. By four days later, the system spawned Tropical Storm Erika over the eastern Atlantic. The southern portion of the	the	DET	wave	NOUN	 wave
Experiments show that it may be possible to use saplings in a plantation instead of mature trees dramatically boosting productivity per acre. Production methods have been streamlined since colonial days, yet remain basically unchanged. Sap must first be collected and boiled down to obtain pure syrup without	without	ADP	chemical	ADJ	 chemical
Act I begins with Ceres leaving her daughter Proserpine in the protection of two nymphs, Ino and Eunoe, warning them not to wander. Proserpine asks Ino to tell her a story, and she recites the tale of Arethusa. After the story, the group gathers	gathers	VERB	flowers	NOUN	 flowers
To this end, they created around our delegation a harsh and dangerous atmosphere, in which open threats were combined with cunning flattery. " Hoxha once again communicated via radiogram, writing to Kapo on October 13 that, " We are not of the same opinion as	as	ADP	those	PRON	 those
Contrary to its reputation for urban sprawl, Greater Manchester has a green belt, constraining urban drift, and a " wide and varied range " of wildlife and natural habitats. For instance, the wooded valleys of Bolton, Bury and Stockport, the moorlands north and	and	CCONJ	east	NOUN	 east
Two Army No. 101 Wireless Sets enabled battalion headquarters to communicate with Mud Bay. In addition, each company had an Army No. 108 Wireless Set to talk to battalion headquarters. The Mud Bay force travelled in Arunta and came ashore at 23: 00 in	in	ADP	the	DET	 the
The high school has 123 classrooms with the capacity of holding approximately 2,100 students. The building also has a 750 seat auditorium with a large amount of natural light. The football stadium seats 4,000 people and the gymnasium seats 2,500. The building is subdivided into four learning	learning	NOUN	academies	NOUN	 academies
The Saline County Fair Grounds sits to between Dorris Heights St. and the Levee to the north. Small Street heads east from Dorris Heights towards the Arrow Head Point shopping center. Buena Vista – Situated to the south and north of Route 13 (Poplar Street),	,	PUNCT	and	CCONJ	 and
Their objective was to secure the village of Le Bas de Ranville, which was achieved by 04: 00. The 13th Parachute Battalion could also only muster around 60 per cent of its strength on the DZ. This battalion had two objectives; to secure Ranville and	and	CCONJ	to	PART	 to
Improved cycle facilities, including a bike hire scheme, were provided in the late 2000s. First Great Western declined a contractual option to continue the Greater Western passenger franchise beyond 2013, citing a desire for a longer term contract due to the impending upgrade to the Great	Great	ADJ	Western	ADJ	 Western
4825 / 6 1986 Apr Midrange units: harder rubber used for surround. SN. 4953 / 4 1987 Cabinet: Crossover moved to compartment in bottom of speaker. SN. 5575 / 6 1987 Sep Isobarik Sara 9 replaces Isobarik Sara 1988 Crossover: New 4 ohm	ohm	NOUN	external	ADJ	 external
He was also in a band called Youthless that hosted Dadaist inspired freeform events at city coffee shops. " We had Radio Shack mics and this homemade speaker and we'd draft people in the audience to recite comic books or do a beatbox thing, or we'd	'd	AUX	tie	VERB	 tie
" Attempts were made to implicate him in the murder of a private detective in South London, for a fire in a Wiltshire aircraft factory and for the murder of American singer Dean Reed. Reed had died the day before Miller had arrived in East Berlin to interview	interview	VERB	him	PRON	 him
They developed into the " Tounis College ", which would become the University of Edinburgh in 1582. After the Reformation, Scotland's universities underwent a series of reforms associated with Andrew Melville, who returned from Geneva to become principal of the University of Glasgow in 1574	1574	NUM	.	PUNCT	.
Lombard's funeral was held on January 21 at Forest Lawn Memorial Park Cemetery in Glendale, California. She was interred beside her mother under the name of Carole Lombard Gable. Despite remarrying twice following her death, Gable chose to be interred beside Lombard when he died	died	VERB	in	ADP	 in
The Hardy Boys are fictional teenage brothers and amateur detectives. They live in the city of Bayport on Barmet Bay with their father, detective Fenton Hardy, their mother, Laura Hardy, and their Aunt Gertrude. Frank, the older brother, is eighteen (sixteen	sixteen	NUM	in	ADP	 in
In a statement, Slay said, " This is a really wonderful honor for the City of St. Louis and for the Gateway Foundation. ULI chose Citygarden from among 48 applicants across the country. The decision will bring flattering and well deserved national attention both to the	the	DET	garden	NOUN	 garden
In the 18th century it ceased to be used as a domestic dwelling and became ruinous. In the 21st century the castle is owned by the Joicey family, but managed by English Heritage. Open to the public, it is protected under UK law as an ancient	ancient	ADJ	monument	NOUN	 monument
Losses had remained stable since the 1990s at 17% – 20% per year attributable to a variety of factors, such as mites, diseases, and management stress. The first report of CCD was in mid November 2006 by a Pennsylvania beekeeper overwintering in Florida.	.	PUNCT	By	ADP	 By
In 920 the first of two Khitan scripts, the Khitan large script, was developed. A second script, the Khitan small script, was developed in 925. Both scripts are based on the same spoken language, and both contain a mix of logographs and phonographs	phonographs	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
Viera continued writing that the song " wouldn't be [a] proper smoker's anthem " without the cameo appearance by Snoop Dogg. Rob Markman of MTV News noted that the video was different from Brown's previous music videos for the Fortune album, writing that	that	SCONJ	"	PUNCT	 "
She added " the one below that is mine too "; the section below in the same article referred to the leak of the Baghdad airstrike (" Collateral Murder ") video. Manning said she felt isolated and fragile, and was reaching out to someone she	she	PRON	hoped	VERB	 hoped
" Her liaisons are with white men, but not only men. In a dream sequence of Ally McBeal's in which the two of them go on a date, they kiss on screen. The kiss was shot in profile, locked lips clearly visible, rather	rather	ADV	than	ADP	 than
It is the episode known for spawning the eight month " Who shot J.R.? " hysteria. The episode ended with the mysterious shooting of J.R. Ewing (Larry Hagman) in his office by an assailant that would not be revealed until the following season. The episode	episode	NOUN	served	VERB	 served
Ratings were similarly positive: in the United States, it broke the record for the most watched drama in the history of basic cable, attaining 7.3 million viewers. Worldwide, it averaged a 2.0 rating in most television markets. After the destruction of the Center for	for	ADP	Disease	PROPN	 Disease
Reutter started slow in the semifinals, resulting in a fourth place finish, eliminating her from medal contention. She finished seventh overall in the women's 500 m. Reutter competed in the semifinals for the 3000 m relay with teammates Alyson Dudek, Allison Baver and Kimberly Derrick	Derrick	PROPN	.	PUNCT	.
When the First World War broke out in 1914, Edward had reached the minimum age for active service and was keen to participate. He had joined the Grenadier Guards in June 1914, and although Edward was willing to serve on the front lines, Secretary of State	State	PROPN	for	ADP	 for
In August 2014, BAE was awarded a £248 million contract from the British government to build three new offshore patrol vessels. In October 2014, BAE Systems and Babcock International won contracts from the British Ministry of Defence worth a total of £3.2 billion to maintain	maintain	VERB	British	ADJ	 British
At about 11: 30 two leading battalions of 155th (South Scottish) Brigade (52nd (Lowland) Division) were advancing under heavy shrapnel and machine gun fire to the shelter of the Wadi Jamus about 600 yards (550 m) from their objective. But	But	CCONJ	every	DET	 every
The facility is now heavily damaged, and it soon becomes clear that a new alien race, Race X, has exploited the situation to mount a localized invasion, attacking both human and Xen forces in Black Mesa indiscriminately. Fighting between the black operations units and Race	Race	PROPN	X	PROPN	 X
The company had a partnership with French video game developer ERE Informatique and published localised versions of their products to the United Kingdom. The Strategic Wargames series was conceptualised by software designer Alan Steel in 1984. During development of these titles, Steel would often research the topic	topic	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
By 7 March, the first Austrian soldiers arrived in Ostrach. The French advance guard arrived by the 9th, under command of General François Joseph Lefebvre; in the forward line, the 25th Demi brigade and Light Infantry positioned themselves between Ostrach and Hoßkirch; Lefebvre also	also	ADV	had	VERB	 had
Both genders must weigh between 17 and 23 pounds (7.7 and 10.4 kg). They possess a light, springy gait. Bedlingtons are sharp and plucky. Their bark has been called hound like and has been compared to the firing of a machine gun. Fast	Fast	ADJ	dogs	NOUN	 dogs
The book is more notable for the persona and testimonial voice of its first person narrator, Holden. He serves as an insightful but unreliable narrator who expounds on the importance of loyalty, the " phoniness " of adulthood, and his own duplicity. In a 1953	1953	NUM	interview	NOUN	 interview
Prior to the race, McLaren driver Lewis Hamilton led the Drivers ' Championship with 84 points, and Ferrari driver Felipe Massa was second with 79 points. Behind them in the Drivers ' Championship, Robert Kubica was third with 72 points in a BMW Sauber, and	and	CCONJ	Massa	PROPN	 Massa
The wall alongside the staircase consists of decorative panels wrapped in fabric, wood trim, and stainless steel accents. Clark Interiors and Gensler (a Washington, D.C., design firm) also designed the offices of Boston Properties, which moved its D.C. offices into the building	building	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
(Lucan had earned the unfortunate nickname of " Lord Look on " while held in reserve during an action before the earlier Battle of Alma.) In July 1855 The Times hinted that the public had been misled over " the real nature of [Cardigan's]	]	PUNCT	services	NOUN	 services
Reconstruction of the highway cost $71,092 (equivalent to $1.81 million in 2016), and the rebuilt road was added to the state highway system on December 21, 1911, as unsigned State Highway 850 (SH 850). In the 1930 renumbering of state	state	NOUN	highways	NOUN	 highways
Beyoncé's performed " Single Ladies " at The Sound of Change Live concert on June 1, 2013 at Twickenham Stadium, London as part of the Chime for Change movement. " Single Ladies " gained widespread popularity for its catchy hook and theme of female empowerment.	.	PUNCT	Critics	NOUN	 Critics
The short duration of these price cuts suggests Gernsback rapidly realized that the additional circulation they gained him cost too much in lost revenue. Under Beacon Publications Thrilling Wonder remained pulp sized throughout. There were two British reprint editions of Thrilling Wonder. The earlier edition, from	from	ADP	Atlas	PROPN	 Atlas
The windshield is the only externally visible component shared with the Enzo; the MC12 has a unique body which is wider, longer and slightly taller. The increased size creates greater downforce across the MC12's body in addition to the downforce created by the two metre spoiler	spoiler	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
Some ants produce sounds by stridulation, using the gaster segments and their mandibles. Sounds may be used to communicate with colony members or with other species. See also Insect defences Ants attack and defend themselves by biting and, in many species, by stinging, often	often	ADV	injecting	VERB	 injecting
Central Partisan Headquarters coordinated many of these attacks. In June Soviet Air Forces (VVS) flew over 800 sorties at night to resupply the partisan groups operating behind Army Group Centre. The VVS also provided communication and sometimes even daylight air support for major partisan operations.	.	PUNCT	Special	ADJ	 Special
It describes the ministers and their qualifications, the maintenance, equipment and training of an army with a Senapati (general) to command the army, the priests and astrologer as advisors to the king, the treasury and methods of taxation. J Duncan M Derrett,	,	PUNCT	a	DET	 a
The church contains numerous altarpieces, imagery, paintings, and silverware. The Jardines de la Galera date back to the 10th century. They are nestled between the Torre de Espantaperros and the Chemin de ronde, within the Alcazaba. Many Alhambran ruins still exist within the	the	DET	gardens	NOUN	 gardens
The layer of coal silt on the banks of the creek was 40 feet (12 m) by 1940. Several mines remain active in the 21st century, but they mostly reprocess coal waste. At least one covered bridge crosses Mahanoy Creek. It is called the	the	DET	Mahanoy	PROPN	 Mahanoy
Construction is faster with pre formed adobe or mudbricks, compressed earth blocks, earthbags or fired clay bricks. Types of earth structure include earth shelters, where a dwelling is wholly or partly embedded in the ground or encased in soil. Native American earth lodges are examples	examples	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
For Right Thoughts, Right Words, Right Action, Franz Ferdinand collaborated with other artists for parts of the album. Hot Chip band members Joe Goddard and Alexis Taylor produced the opening track " Right Action " and co produced the final track " Goodbye Lovers and Friends	Friends	PROPN	"	PUNCT	 "
Around 168 BCE, the herbal remedy Qing hao (青蒿) (Artemisia annua) came into use in China to treat female hemorrhoids (Wushi ' er bingfang translated as " Recipes for 52 kinds of diseases " unearthed from the Mawangdui tombs). Qing hao was	was	AUX	first	ADV	 first
Benetton protested that the skidblock had been damaged when Schumacher spun over a kerb, but the FIA rejected their appeal because of the pattern of wear and damage visible on the block. These incidents helped Damon Hill close the points gap, and Schumacher led by a single	single	ADJ	point	NOUN	 point
Since the aircraft was flying in moderate to heavy rain, the NTSB calculated that the water flowing on the wings would have further increased the stall speed by about 1.5 percent. Like most flight instructors giving dual instruction, Reid was seated on the right side, while	while	SCONJ	the	DET	 the
As a result, Wilson joined forces with the Congressmen and Senators known as Radical Republicans, those most strongly opposed to Johnson. On December 21, 1865, two days after the announcement that the States had ratified the Thirteenth Amendment, which abolished slavery, Wilson introduced	introduced	VERB	a	DET	 a
It used to be claimed that glass sponges could live on nutrients dissolved in sea water and were very averse to silt. However a study in 2007 found no evidence of this and concluded that they extract bacteria and other micro organisms from water very efficiently (about 79	79	NUM	%	NOUN	%
Due to the tension within the group and stringent touring schedules, neither Mary Wilson nor Cindy Birdsong appear on many of these singles; they were replaced on these recordings by session singers such as the Andantes. The changes within the group and their decreasing sales were signs	signs	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
The success of his company made Washington wealthy, and he lived in a mansion in Brooklyn and then moved to a country estate in New Jersey in 1927. In that same year, he lost a dispute with the tax authorities. Washington was married and had three	three	NUM	children	NOUN	 children
" The 19th century antiquarian Angharad Llwyd described the church as a " small ancient edifice ". She noted the memorials to the Wynnes as well as a tablet marking Edward Wynne's " munificence ": she recorded that he had donated 121 acres (49 ha)	)	PUNCT	in	ADP	 in
In this society there is no private property, no big cities, no authority, no monetary system, no divorce, no courts, no prisons, and no class systems; it was a depiction of Morris ' ideal socialist society. Morris had also continued with	with	ADP	his	PRON	 his
The defending champion in the race was Dan Martin (Cannondale – Garmin), who won the 2014 edition with a late attack. He had crashed during the Vuelta a España, however, and had been forced to retire from the race due to injury. After	After	ADP	recovering	VERB	 recovering
Furman's The Ultimate Guide, published by Dorling Kindersley, remained as a resource to the writers throughout production. Prime Directive was used as a fake working title. This was also the name of Dreamwave Productions ' first Transformers comic book. Michael Bay was asked to	to	PART	direct	VERB	 direct
Market imperatives have also been aided by the zoning of the land around the area as commercial rather than residential. The area around Tea Tree Plaza is one of five designated regional centres within the Adelaide metropolis. According to Robert Cervero, the O Bahn has " accelerated	accelerated	VERB	the	DET	 the
On the other hand, Voncu observes that the writer uses his artistic talents in theological works such as Despre minuni (" About Miracles ") and Din pildele Domnului, ably narrating simple texts that can appeal either to their intended audience of rural believers or to a	a	DET	more	ADV	 more
Another tropical depression developed about 175 mi (282 km) southwest of Porto Novo, Cape Verde on July 10. The system moved generally westward and intensified into a strong tropical depression, before dissipating two days later. Tropical Depression Four formed about 465 mi (748	748	NUM	km	NOUN	 km
" Stephen Thompson of NPR comments on the music's lack of dynamism, writing that the band " lets its songs billow out softly and quietly, with only achingly pretty guitar lines to lessen the tension. " Michael Hann of The Guardian writes that the album refines	refines	VERB	the	DET	 the
Four battles large enough to be recorded in Ireland were fought in 728 and 729. Alpín was defeated twice by Óengus, after which Nechtan was restored to power. In 729 a battle between supporters of Óengus and Nechtan's enemies was fought at Monith Carno (traditionally	traditionally	ADV	Cairn	ADJ	 Cairn
When she arrived in New York City on February 19, 1926, she was so impressed with the skyline of Manhattan that she cried what she later called " tears of splendor ". Intent on staying in the United States to become a screenwriter, she lived for	for	ADP	a	DET	 a
He played centre for the Leicester Tigers and, between 1909 and 1913, won four caps for England, scoring two tries. He also earned three Blues while reading law at Oxford. He later became a solicitor in Leicester before volunteering for overseas service during the First	First	PROPN	World	PROPN	 World
Borglum designed the coin, which was repeatedly rejected by the Commission of Fine Arts. All reference to Harding was removed from the design by order of President Calvin Coolidge. The Association sponsored extensive sales efforts for the coin throughout the South, though these were hurt by	by	ADP	the	DET	 the
Baldwin's reaction is genuine. Despite enclosed practical locations and a short shooting schedule, cinematographer Newton Thomas Sigel " developed a way of shooting dialogue scenes with a combination of slow, creeping zooms and dolly moves that ended in tight close ups, " to add subtle	subtle	ADJ	energy	NOUN	 energy
He failed to get his hat trick, but in the 32nd over he removed Brad Haddin from the first ball, and then Brad Hogg and Brett Lee from the fourth and fifth balls. Again Kartik missed the hat trick opportunity, but returned to claim his six	six	NUM	wicket	NOUN	 wicket
Noah (Sisko) enters and gives a monologue about how he will destroy the world, and shows a big red button he will push to do it. He has Bashir and Garak taken below ground, where they are handcuffed to a laser. As the time	time	NOUN	ticks	VERB	 ticks
The song was covered by American rock band Van Halen in 1978, reaching the Billboard Top 40. " You Really Got Me " was written by Ray Davies, the Kinks ' vocalist and main songwriter, sometime between 9 and 12 March 1964. Created on the	the	DET	piano	NOUN	 piano
Writers suggested he was merely presenting an image as " Pitchfork Ben ", that he could turn on and off as needed. He came to be regarded in the North as acceptable and even respectable, with some suggesting he had matured during his time in the Senate	Senate	PROPN	.	PUNCT	.
The genre's popularity stagnated as games became more complicated and as arcades began to lose their audience to increasingly powerful home consoles near the end of the 1990s, though new franchises such as Dead or Alive and the Soul series achieved success. In the new millennium,	,	PUNCT	the	DET	 the
The rankings also placed Bristol at 15th in the world in terms of reputation with employers, placing higher than several American Ivy League universities, including Princeton University, Cornell and UPenn. Bristol was chosen as the ninth best university in the UK for the quality of graduates	graduates	NOUN	according	VERB	 according
This would give her power on a par to Hyne the Great, who, according to the background had created the world. In fact, Squall and the heroes do help Ultimecia start Time Compression, but they do so to confront her in her own time.	.	PUNCT	After	SCONJ	 After
Anders Sandberg estimates that there is 1.82 × 1026 kg of easily usable building material in the Solar System, enough for a 1 AU shell with a mass of 600 kg / m2 — about 8 – 20 cm thick on average, depending on the density of the	the	DET	material	NOUN	 material
Hipper was unaware of his superior's decision, and so pressed on with the bombardment. The three towns were shelled briefly before Hipper turned back to the planned rendezvous point. By this time, Beatty's battlecruisers were in position to block Hipper's chosen egress route	route	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
Her residence which was located in Nampally, Hyderabad, today had been converted into a Government aided girls degree college. Mah Laqa of Deccan was the contemporary of renowned poets like Mir Taqi Mir, Mirza Muhammad Rafi Sauda and Khwaja Mir Dard in North India. Mah	Mah	PROPN	Laqa	PROPN	 Laqa
Jaher opined that the book became antiquated as America evolved an understanding of industrial problems, and found Hay's view of labor superficial. Accordingly, the book had little lasting influence, and is remembered only for its onetime popularity and controversy. According to Dalrymple, "	"	PUNCT	the	DET	 the
Season nine takes place after Fox Mulder (David Duchovny) goes into hiding, following the events of the eighth season finale, " Existence ". As such, the main storyarc for the season follows Dana Scully (Gillian Anderson), John Doggett (Robert Patrick	Patrick	PROPN	)	PUNCT	)
" Christmas in Dixie ", a seasonal song released in 1982, charted on two of Billboard magazine's music popularity charts in six different calendar years. Alabama became the first group to win CMA's prestigious Entertainer of the Year award, which they collected three years	years	NOUN	in	ADP	 in
Although the Brahmanas (9th to 6th centuries BCE) are the earliest scriptures to hint at her relationship with Indra, the 5th- to 4th century BCE Hindu epic Ramayana – whose hero is Rama – is the first to explicitly mention her extra marital affair in detail.	.	PUNCT	Medieval	ADJ	 Medieval
It was a part of the Battle of Pusan Perimeter, and was one of several large engagements fought simultaneously. The battle ended in a victory for the United Nations after large numbers of United States (US) and Republic of Korea (ROK) troops repelled a	a	DET	strong	ADJ	 strong
Following his service as governor, Morehead resumed his legal practice in Frankfort, Kentucky. In March 1837, he was commissioned by Governor James Clark to act as an agent for the state, selling bonds to fund internal improvements. He returned to the state House from	from	ADP	1837	NUM	 1837
This opening strongly contributed to another record: the first time that the top ten films at the domestic box office had a combined gross of over $100 million in a single day. The opening weekend of The Twilight Saga: New Moon is the ninth highest opening	opening	NOUN	weekend	NOUN	 weekend
Usually, these amounts of insulin are sufficient to suppress ketogenesis. If DKA occurs in someone with type 2 diabetes, their condition is called " ketosis prone type 2 diabetes ". The exact mechanism for this phenomenon is unclear, but there is evidence both of impaired	impaired	ADJ	insulin	NOUN	 insulin
" While McClellan's reputation has suffered over time, especially over the last 75 years, there is a small but intense cadre of American Civil War historians who believe that the general has been poorly served on at least four levels. First, McClellan proponents say that	that	SCONJ	because	SCONJ	 because
Despite the reductions, several reviewers believed the resultant product was still true to Robert's vision. The Freelancer team kept a low profile throughout 2001 before displaying a demo of their latest work at International Games Festival 2002, drawing large crowds. Microsoft announced the project was	was	AUX	on	ADP	 on
In his October 1854 Peoria speech, Lincoln said: Nearly eighty years ago we began by declaring that all men are created equal; but now from that beginning we have run down to the other declaration, that for some men to enslave others is a " sacred	sacred	ADJ	right	NOUN	 right
Knowles performed " Ring the Alarm " at the 2006 MTV Video Music Awards on August 31, 2006, wearing a flowing trench coat, a corset and hotpants. The performance referenced Janet Jackson's " Rhythm Nation " routine. James Montgomery of MTV News commented that	that	SCONJ	as	SCONJ	 as
Oborne argues that the MCC establishment, without favouring apartheid, wished to maintain traditional links with white South Africa. Williams suggests that the committee were politically naive, and that they ignored the political dimensions of D ' Oliveira's non selection. Williams writes that the committee	committee	NOUN	seemed	VERB	 seemed
More serious punishments included flogging or being confined to a barred hole in the prison cellar, known as the " Black Hole ", with only bread and water. One of the prisoners, Pierre Poulin, stabbed another to death in April 1805, and was tried	tried	VERB	and	CCONJ	 and
In the game, Kafka ran for a career high 111 yards, which included a 13 yard touchdown rush, and averaged 9.2 yards per run. He passed for 122 yards, completing 9 out of 21 passes and three interceptions. His 111 yards rushing were the	the	DET	most	ADJ	 most
Harris and Graeme Evans ended their involvement with the company along with the sale. The brand dropped from a net worth of A $18million in 2009 to A $9.7million in 2010. In June 2012 it was announced that the Nine Network, after their financial difficulties	difficulties	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
On Michigan's first possession, Denard Robinson threw an interception on the second play (and first pass) of the drive. After a defensive stop, Michigan drove 93 yards for a touchdown on a drive that featured passes of 16 yards to Martavious Odoms and 43	43	NUM	yards	NOUN	 yards
Germany was the first European team to win in South America in 2014. Only on four occasions have consecutive World Cups been won by teams from the same continent, and currently it is the first time with three champions in a row from the same continental confederation.	.	PUNCT	Italy	PROPN	 Italy
Liz is shocked to discover that the pair are auditioning for The Amazing Race and, in fact, not terrorists. After bringing Jack's suit back from the dry cleaners, Kenneth discovers that he has lost the suit's trousers. Frank Rossitano (Judah Friedlander)	)	PUNCT	,	PUNCT	,
Texas developed a reputation as a jinxed or unlucky ship after several accidents early in her career; she consequently earned the nickname " Old Hoodoo ". These mishaps included problems during construction, a grounding off Newport, Rhode Island, and flooding shortly afterwards while at dock	dock	NOUN	in	ADP	 in
Most recently, the painting was cleaned in 1980 when small amounts of grime were removed, some losses were filled in, and a light coat of varnish was applied. The painting established van der Weyden as a progenitor and " inventor [of] authoritative models...	...	PUNCT	at	ADP	 at
The main focus is on standards of airworthiness and pilot licensing, and the objective is to promote high standards of safety. At the lighter end of the GA spectrum some regulatory authority is devolved to representative bodies, and gliding is in transition from a self regulatory model	model	NOUN	to	ADP	 to
Amanita bisporigera is considered the most toxic North American Amanita mushroom, with little variation in toxin content between different fruit bodies. Three subtypes of amatoxin have been described: α-, β, and γ amanitin. The principal amatoxin, α amanitin, is readily absorbed across	across	ADP	the	DET	 the
Upon peaking in wind speed, Vera was located 645 km (400 mi) northeast of Guam. The tropical cyclone's ability to quickly intensify was attributed to conducive atmospheric divergence and highly sustainable sea surface temperatures. Vera only maintained peak intensity for roughly twelve hours,	,	PUNCT	but	CCONJ	 but
The coming years will see the High Speed Trains replaced with new Class 800 / 801 Intercity Express Trains, capacity enhancements and smart ticketing. The Great Western Main Line from London to Bristol is in the process of being electrified. The electrification will not extend beyond Bristol	Bristol	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
MSI displayed the Pioneer Zephyr outdoors, with no protection from the weather, until 1994. At that time, the steam locomotive that shared the display space with the Zephyr, Santa Fe # 2903, was donated to the Illinois Railway Museum (IRM) at Union	Union	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
Nevertheless, the highway opened to traffic in three sections, starting from the easternmost, over the course of the first half of 1992. Further extensions to both the east and the west followed in later years after several years of false starts under the administrations of two	two	NUM	different	ADJ	 different
Born into a family of the Lincolnshire landed gentry, Boucherett became involved in local politics in Lincolnshire, and (owing mainly to his marriage) with artistic and mercantile circles in London. He was the chairman of the Grimsby Haven Company, which oversaw the reopening and	and	CCONJ	expansion	NOUN	 expansion
The first French " A " prototype flew in March 1969. In October a British " S " conducted its first flight. An " M " prototype flew in November 1969. The " M " had a strengthened airframe, an arrestor hook and different undercarriage:	:	PUNCT	twin	ADJ	 twin
Due to the storm's sudden northward shift in movement, hurricane warnings were issued for portions of Oahu and the Kauai channel before being issued for only the island of Kauai. All watches and warnings were discontinued on August 7 after Dot weakened below hurricane intensity. Disaster	Disaster	NOUN	workers	NOUN	 workers
" In addition, The Knoxville News Sentinel's Terry Morrow commented that " to hear Lewis doing Azaria doing Lewis is a mind bending gut buster, the kind of pay off that die hard Simpsons fans live for. " Frink is a popular character on The Simpsons	Simpsons	PROPN	and	CCONJ	 and
The Allied response was written by James F. Byrnes and approved by the British, Chinese, and Soviet governments, although the Soviets agreed only reluctantly. The Allies sent their response (via the Swiss Political Affairs Department) to Japan's qualified acceptance of the Potsdam Declaration	Declaration	PROPN	on	ADP	 on
" In February 2006 Irving was convicted in Austria, where Holocaust denial is illegal, for a speech he had made in 1989 in which he denied the existence of gas chambers at Auschwitz. Irving was aware of the outstanding arrest warrant, but chose to go to	to	ADP	Austria	PROPN	 Austria
Consecutively held the world No. 1 ranking since February 2004. Occupied the top 3 places in the rankings for 6 years, 5 consecutively (2007 – 2011, 2014). Each has won 3 of the 4 Grand Slam events in a season. Federer in	in	ADP	2004	NUM	 2004
McConnell battled with health problems throughout her life, after contracting rheumatic fever at the age of 20 which subsequently progressed to rheumatic heart disease. In 1944 she contracted appendicitis which required an emergency appendectomy; she developed deep vein thrombosis in her right leg after the surgery and	and	CCONJ	her	PRON	 her
Lütjens signalled headquarters at 21: 40 on the 26th: " Ship unmanoeuvrable. We will fight to the last shell. Long live the Führer. " The mood of the crew became increasingly depressed, especially as messages from the naval command reached the ship. Intended	Intended	VERB	to	PART	 to
Michael Scott (Steve Carell) is informed by Jan Levenson (Melora Hardin) that his former boss Ed Truck has died. Kelly Kapoor (Mindy Kaling) and Phyllis Lapin (Phyllis Smith) console Michael after he breaks the news to a mostly unmoved staff.	.	PUNCT	Later	ADV	 Later
Three drama CDs were released on March 31, 2010, April 28, 2010, and June 2, 2010 respectively. The first drama CD takes place in the tenth chapter of Kurisu's route. On July 25, 2010, Chiyomaru Shikura announced on his Twitter	Twitter	PROPN	account	NOUN	 account
This leads to competing 5fn7s2 and 5fn − 16d17s2 configurations, which causes the complexity of its chemical behavior. The highly directional nature of 5f orbitals is responsible for directional covalent bonds in molecules and complexes of plutonium. Plutonium can form alloys and intermediate compounds with most other	other	ADJ	metals	NOUN	 metals
He first sacked Beroea and then Antioch (allowing the garrison of 6,000 men to leave the city), besieged Daras, and then went on to attack the small but strategically significant satellite kingdom of Lazica near the Black Sea, exacting tribute from the towns he passed	passed	VERB	along	ADP	 along
The political division in China made it difficult for Chiang to battle the Communists, against whom the Kuomintang had been warring since 1927 in the Chinese Civil War. This war continued successfully for the Kuomintang, especially after the Communists retreated in the Long March, until Japanese	Japanese	ADJ	aggression	NOUN	 aggression
During dry periods, however, much of the Senne's water was diverted for the needs of the populace of the city as well as to maintain the water level in the Charleroi Canal. This left a flow too feeble to evacuate the filthy water, leaving the	the	DET	sewage	NOUN	 sewage
Thompson also initiated a similar campaign in Boston. Later, Thompson would criticize the Republican Party for inviting N.W.A member and party donor Eric " Eazy E " Wright to an exclusive function. In 1992, Thompson was hired by the Freedom Alliance, a self described patriot	patriot	NOUN	group	NOUN	 group
This was done in part because of the association between Antsirabe and its history of horse breeding; the brand took the name Three Horses Beer based on this design. The label also features the brand's slogan, Soa Ny Fiarahantsika (" The Pleasure of Being Together	Together	ADV	"	PUNCT	 "
In the SAR role, RDAF AW101s have a crew of six and were initially painted yellow to distinguish themselves from AW101 allocated to military duties, but were later painted green, and all 14 AW101s are used for SAR and troop transport. On 28 January 2008,	,	PUNCT	the	DET	 the
Sir George Oatley was chosen as architect and told to " build to last ". He produced a design in the Perpendicular Gothic style, to evoke the famous university buildings of Oxford and Cambridge. The university also took over several existing houses such as Royal Fort,	,	PUNCT	Victoria	PROPN	 Victoria
However, skirmishes between the rival destroyer screens in the darkness convinced von Ingenohl that he was faced with the entire Grand Fleet. Under orders from Kaiser Wilhelm II to avoid risking the fleet unnecessarily, von Ingenohl broke off the engagement and turned the battle fleet back toward	toward	ADP	Germany	PROPN	 Germany
The major areas identified as off track were population, poverty and the environment. An independent review of Vision 2020, carried out in 2012 by academics based in Belgium, rated progress as " quite encouraging ", mentioning development in the education and health sectors, as	as	ADV	well	ADV	 well
Officers of the Order also wear green robes. The Gentleman Usher of the Green Rod also bears, as the title of his office suggests, a green rod. One unusual recipient of the Order of the Thistle was James, Earl of Southesk (1827 1905)	)	PUNCT	.	PUNCT	.
The English Tahitian landowner Alexander Salmon took down Ure's dictation, which he later translated into English, for the following tablets: Salmon's Rapanui was not fluent, and apart from Atua Matariri, which is almost entirely composed of proper names, his English translations do	do	AUX	not	PART	 not
The album debuted at number one in the German albums chart. It peaked at number one in the Austrian albums chart, number three in the Swiss albums chart. Following her success in Germany, Meyer Landrut has said she would enjoy pursuing a singing or acting career	career	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
Magnús and Óláfr descended from a long line of Norse Gaelic kings who ruled the Isle of Man (Mann) and parts of the Hebrides. Some leading members of the Crovan dynasty, such as Óláfr, styled themselves " King of the Isles "; other members	members	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
The Japanese realized after Tenaru that Allied forces on Guadalcanal were much greater in number than originally estimated and sent larger forces to the island for their subsequent attempts to retake Henderson Field. On August 7, 1942, U.S. forces landed on Guadalcanal, Tulagi, and Florida	Florida	PROPN	Islands	PROPN	 Islands
Augmentative and alternative communication is typically much slower than speech, with users generally producing 8 – 10 words per minute. Rate enhancement strategies can increase the user's rate of output to around 12 – 15 words per minute, and as a result enhance the efficiency of	of	ADP	communication	NOUN	 communication
The report in parts concluded that the British crews failed to navigate to, identify, and bomb their targets. Although the report was not widely accepted by senior RAF commanders, Prime Minister Winston Churchill, instructed Commander in Chief Richard Peirse that during the winter months only	only	ADV	limited	ADJ	 limited
About 6% of world nickel production is still used for corrosion resistant pure nickel plating. Nickel plated objects sometimes provoke nickel allergy. Nickel has been widely used in coins, though its rising price has led to some replacement with cheaper metals in recent years. Nickel	Nickel	NOUN	is	AUX	 is
" Massey noted that the lyrics were overly explicit but praised his delivery and flow: " His rhymes are quick, his delivery laid back yet full of punch. " The rhymes involve Dr. Dre's return to the forefront of hip hop, which is conveyed in	in	ADP	the	DET	 the
The film explores the life and imagination of Ishaan, an eight year old dyslexic child. Although he excels in art, his poor academic performance leads his parents to send him to a boarding school. Ishaan's new art teacher suspects that he is dyslexic and helps	helps	VERB	him	PRON	 him
There are a series of " trigger panels ", constructed out of timber or granite. Not to everyone's taste, these have been said to represent anvils, hairdryers, guns, question marks or even the hammer and sickle. Shortly after the official opening of	of	ADP	the	DET	 the
It aimed to deter aggression by the Empire of Japan by providing for a base for a fleet of the Royal Navy in the Far East, able to intercept and defeat a Japanese force heading south towards India or Australia. To be effective it required a well equipped	equipped	VERB	base	NOUN	 base
A Fourier transform converts the interferogram into an actual spectrum. Fig. 9 shows a doppler image of the solar corona made using a tunable Fabry Pérot interferometer to recover scans of the solar corona at a number of wavelengths near the FeXIV green line. The picture is	is	AUX	a	DET	 a
In 1997, the Newfoundland pony was declared a heritage breed of Newfoundland and Labrador, which afforded it protection under the law, but the breed has not yet been recognized under the Canadian federal Animal Pedigree Act. As of 2008, there were 248 registered ponies of	of	ADP	breeding	NOUN	 breeding
On January 15, 2000, Mihdhar and Hazmi arrived at Los Angeles International Airport from Bangkok and were admitted as tourists for a period of six months. Immediately after entering the country, Mihdhar and Hazmi met Omar al Bayoumi in an airport restaurant. Bayoumi claimed he	he	PRON	was	AUX	 was
The Q Center also condemned the attack. The assault once again prompted Q Center volunteers to form Q Patrols as a means of monitoring the streets and reporting hate crimes to police. Initial plans were to have Q Patrols available between 11 pm and 3 am until the	the	DET	weekend	NOUN	 weekend
Lawry regarded Booth as one of the most gentlemanly cricketers that he knew. A committed Christian, Booth is an Anglican lay preacher, and often invokes religious and ethical arguments while talking about issues such as sportsmanship. Booth became intensely religious in the 1950s after befriending Pastor	Pastor	PROPN	Roy	PROPN	 Roy
The film earned $471 million in worldwide box office revenue. In addition, the studio won its first Academy Award for a short film in forty four years with Paperman. Directed by John Kahrs, Paperman utilized new software developed in house at the studio called Meander	Meander	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
This is a 9,250 square foot (859 m2) building created for community use with sponsorship from St Andrew's church and with grants from Devon County Council and Uffculme Environmental Fund, donations from church members, and money from the South West of England Regional Development Agency	Agency	PROPN	.	PUNCT	.
The group is fronted by Ice T, who co founded the group with lead guitarist Ernie C out of their interest in heavy metal music. Ice T took on the role of vocalist and writing the lyrics for most of the group's songs. Lead guitarist Ernie	Ernie	PROPN	C	PROPN	 C
Like their debut album, Too Much Too Soon became one of the most popular cult records in rock music and has since been viewed by music journalists as a predecessor to punk rock. After being signed by Mercury Records, the New York Dolls released their self titled	titled	VERB	debut	NOUN	 debut
Birds of the Seychelles race also indulge in some kleptoparasitism, chasing the chicks of sooty terns and forcing them to disgorge food. A conspicuous species, the cattle egret has attracted many common names. These mostly relate to its habit of following cattle and other large animals	animals	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
Seeadler thereafter returned to East Asia and resumed her patrols of Chinese harbors, though during this period she also visited Japanese harbors as well. These duties lasted until the end of 1902. During Seeadler's operations in China, her crew suffered only one casualty from enemy	enemy	NOUN	action	NOUN	 action
On November 20 against Xavier, Dawkins posted a career high of 6 rebounds. Dawkins finished the season 5th in the 2015 – 16 Big Ten Conference in three point shooting percentage (3rd in conference games). On April 6, 2014, he transferred to play	play	VERB	for	ADP	 for
Cerebrospinal fluid envelops the brain and the spine, and lumbar puncture or spinal tap is the removal of a small amount of fluid using a needle inserted between the lumbar vertebrae. Characteristic findings in Guillain – Barré syndrome are an elevated protein level, usually greater than 0.55	0.55	NUM	g	NOUN	 g
Oh, that scene is too long. Oh, that's too short. Are they going to get this part? Are they going to like this? Oh, they're going to think it's boring! ' Just worrying the whole way, biting my	my	PRON	fingernails	NOUN	 fingernails
Film noir is also known for its use of low angle, wide angle, and skewed, or Dutch angle shots. Other devices of disorientation relatively common in film noir include shots of people reflected in one or more mirrors, shots through curved or frosted glass or	or	CCONJ	other	ADJ	 other
The first video game appearance of Abra, Kadabra, and Alakazam was in Pokémon Red and Blue versions. When encountered in the wild, Abra will always use Teleport to attempt to escape the battle on the first turn. Abra evolves into Kadabra after gaining enough experience	experience	NOUN	in	ADP	 in
Lucrezzia stopped writing for the paper in 1911, probably as a result of conflicts she had with Bogdan Pitești, her marriage to Dumitru on the brink of failure. Sometimes signing as " Don Ramiro ", Dumitru remained affiliated with Seara, and in charge of its	its	PRON	artistic	ADJ	 artistic
In addition to its historic character, the area has space available and is walkable. One local official calls Troy " the Silicon Valley of the 19th century ". Some specific projects have capitalized on this. In 2005, the Cannon Building was redeveloped into an extended	extended	ADJ	stay	NOUN	 stay
I said that the money was not important, but I wanted him to admit that the song was geganvet [stolen]; and if he heard angels, they must have bought a copy of my song. " Eventually ahbez's lawyers offered to have an out	out	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
These thick flows have subsequently eroded to produce rugged hills that limit the park on the east. Taken together, these various flows built the lava plateau that the Lassen volcanic area is located on. From 600,000 to 400,000 years ago, eruptions built a large conical stratovolcano	stratovolcano	NOUN	called	VERB	 called
In March TMZ expanded the story by saying that Kia had told friends she had delivery a healthy boy on December 31, and that the child (gender unconfirmed) died an unspecified time prior to her being able to give birth. TMZ said she announced the birth	birth	NOUN	as	ADP	 as
In 1896, the Comptroller of the Treasury determined, after the fact, that former Senator Matthew Ransom's appointment as Minister to Mexico was invalid, as that office's salary had been increased during Ransom's term; the belated discovery precluded Ransom from drawing a salary	salary	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
" But where Apple handed out money willy nilly to little end and failed to achieve anything more than get some hippies stoned and put up some nice posters about war being over if you want it, Drummond and Cauty have found a specific target - the relationship between	between	ADP	art	NOUN	 art
Despite this, he developed a rapport with his men and an admiration for the Russian soldier. Although British forces were ordered home shortly afterwards, Horrocks and another officer, George Hayes, remained to advise the First Siberian Army. The White Army was in retreat,	,	PUNCT	and	CCONJ	 and
In 1907, while Vanderlip was vice president of the First National City Bank (later Citibank), he had two columns from the headquarters 55 Wall Street shipped to Beechwood (55 Wall Street was being remodeled and the columns were re spaced, with two left over	over	ADP	)	PUNCT	)
In the Eocene and early Oligocene, the Adriatic Plate moved north and north east, contributing to the Alpine orogeny via the tectonic uplift of the Dinarides. The basin's karst topography developed from the carbonate platform's exposure to weathering. Karstification largely began after the Dinarides	Dinarides	PROPN	'	PART	 '
In spite of the risk to themselves, having been put under Royalist surveillance, the Champollion brothers nonetheless aided the Napoleonic general Drouet d'Erlon who had been sentenced to death for his participation in the Battle of Waterloo, giving him shelter and helping him escape to Munich.	.	PUNCT	The	DET	 The
This view, of Shakespeare as a commercial go between, was later adapted by Oxfordians. After the Second World War, Oxfordism and anti Stratfordism declined in popularity and visibility. Copious archival research had failed to confirm Oxford or anyone else as the true author, and	and	CCONJ	publishers	NOUN	 publishers
However, his privileges were removed in 1941 and he spent the rest of the war as a forced labourer; his sister died in Auschwitz but his mother managed to escape to Switzerland in 1945. Following the war he began a new career in railway management and was	was	AUX	awarded	VERB	 awarded
In the period before migration, many birds display higher activity or Zugunruhe (German: migratory restlessness), first described by Johann Friedrich Naumann in 1795, as well as physiological changes such as increased fat deposition. The occurrence of Zugunruhe even in cage raised birds with	with	ADP	no	DET	 no
Romney Academy was formally established on February 11, 1818, when the Virginia General Assembly finally passed an act entitled " an act incorporating the trustees of Romney academy, in the county of Hampshire " in which the assembly incorporated Romney Academy and constituted and appointed a board	board	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
Although the civic authorities initially resisted installing tramways in the city centre owing to concerns about nuisance and disruption, they eventually relented; by the end of the 19th century Norwich had a total of 16 miles (26 km) of tram routes, including a route along	along	ADP	Gentleman	PROPN	 Gentleman
Commanded by Group Captain Bill Hely, it comprised No. 5 (Tactical Reconnaissance) Squadron, No. 17 Air Observation Post (AOP) Flight, No. 10 Communication Unit, and No. 39 Operational Base Unit. The wing arrived at Torokina in October	October	PROPN	to	PART	 to
Two nearby cars were damaged as well. The three alarm fire destroyed the building, and causing damage to nearby apartment complex. Twelve fire companies were called to battle the blaze, including fire stations from Teaneck, Ridgefield Park, Bogota and South Hackensack. Service on	on	ADP	the	DET	 the
This northern section was not planned as an Interstate Highway at that time, bearing the designation M 275 instead. Opposition to construction came from various citizens ' groups and different levels of local government. Additionally, both The Detroit News and Detroit Free Press opposed the project	project	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
: 53 In M. inclemens, the front row of secondary eyes is only slightly wider than the third, whose width is 75% of the width of the carapace at that point.: 2 Like other arthropods, spiders have sensors, often modified setae (bristles	bristles	NOUN	)	PUNCT	)
Elizabeth David complains of recipes that are " sometimes slapdash and misleading ", although she acknowledges that Prosper Montagné's Larousse Gastronomique also contains errors. The television cook Delia Smith admits she was puzzled " how on earth Mrs Beeton's book managed to utterly eclipse... [	[	X	Acton	PROPN	Acton
For its ability to produce free thinkers in an age without similar values, Dewey found the college " a tragic success ". Experimental College alumni celebrated reunions in 1942 at the University of Chicago, in 1957 at St. John's College in Annapolis, Maryland, and	and	CCONJ	in	ADP	 in
On 9 March, the Bureau of Meteorology's (BoM) Tropical Cyclone Warning Center (TCWC) in Perth recognized the developing system and remarked on the potential for tropical cyclone formation over the following several days. The low pressure area meandered for several days, making	making	VERB	some	DET	 some
Due to the amount of interest in the ending of the " Who Shot Mr. Burns? " episode, David Mirkin wrote several " terrible endings " and recorded several alternate endings with Harry Shearer serving as the only voice actor. Mirkin's original intention was to fool	fool	VERB	the	DET	 the
They represented United's first reported entry into the transfer market, arriving for a combined fee of £200, and signalled a new era of full professionalism for the club. United made their debut in the FA Cup in an away fixture against Scarborough on 7 October	October	PROPN	1889	NUM	 1889
The main building activity undertaken during the reign of Djedkare Isesi was the construction of his pyramid complex in Saqqara. Djedkare also either completed or undertook restoration works in the funerary complex of Nyuserre Ini in Abusir, as indicated by a now damaged inscription, which must have	have	VERB	detailed	VERB	 detailed
Further merchandise — including a tankard, a set of tarot cards, and a deluxe edition DVD — was made available in early March 2010. For the September 19, 2009 International Talk Like a Pirate Day, Telltale Games made the game's first episode available for	for	ADP	free	ADJ	 free
Other international airports, such as Kai Tak Airport in Hong Kong, have been decommissioned and replaced when they reached capacity or technological advances rendered them inadequate. The construction and operation of an international airport depends on a complicated set of decisions that are affected by technology,	,	PUNCT	politics	NOUN	 politics
The Sheikh Eid Mosque, which was built over one of Jerusalem's oldest Islamic schools, the Afdiliyeh, named after one of Saladin's sons, was pulled down to make way for the plaza. It was one of three or four that survived from Saladin's	's	PART	time	NOUN	 time
Set against the backdrop of Mumbai's red light districts, it follows the travails of its personnel and principal, Inspector Surjan Singh Shekhawat (Khan) who is assigned the duty of solving a mysterious car accident. Pratim D. Gupta of The Telegraph found Kapoor to be	be	AUX	a	DET	 a
The Giants become the second NL team to win a Division Series after being down two games to none and first since the LDS became a permanent standard in the playoffs in 1995. Posey became just the third catcher in MLB history to hit a grand slam in the	the	DET	playoffs	NOUN	 playoffs
As she began to work on her debut album, Kroknes became ill due to a heart defect. He died eighteen months later, in April 2001. Because of their plan to make the album together, Annie struggled with the idea of collaborating with anyone else and	and	CCONJ	stopped	VERB	 stopped
He intended to run the length of Canada in the hope of increasing cancer awareness, a goal he initially only divulged to his friend Douglas Alward. Fox ran with an unusual gait, as he was required to hop step on his good leg due to the extra	extra	ADJ	time	NOUN	 time
Thus two vowels transcribed for easy legibility as 〈 [e] 〉 and 〈 [ɛ] 〉 may be clarified as actually being ⟦ e ̝ ⟧ and ⟦ e ⟧; 〈 [ð] 〉 may be more precisely ⟦ ð ̠ ̞ ˠ ⟧.	.	PUNCT	Angle	PROPN	 Angle
Entering from the upper portion of the arena, Bieber was lowered onto the center of the stage wearing a massive pair of charcoal colored wings. He was quickly joined by a troupe of male backing dancers as the song was played. Fireworks exploded, laser lights shot	shot	VERB	wildly	ADV	 wildly
It was also at Barney's salon that Pound met his longtime mistress, the violinist Olga Rudge. In 1927 Barney started an Académie des Femmes (Women's Academy) to honor women writers. This was a response to the influential French Academy which had been founded	founded	VERB	in	ADP	 in
Another DH.2 intervened and McCudden landed near Arras, ordered a new propeller, and flew back to base. Since no member witnessed the fate of the Albatros no claim was made. McCudden's fortunes changed in the new year. He dispatched a two seater on 26	26	NUM	January	PROPN	 January
She starts singing " Alejandro " while jumping into the fountain and singing, as blood pours over her. Gaga then returns and sings " Poker Face " on the cat walk. After the performance, she and her friends find themselves in a dark place, and	and	CCONJ	after	ADP	 after
There was high inflation. The industrial sector resented its subjugation by the agrarian central government. Along with concerns about antiquated promotion systems and political corruption, the war in Morocco had caused divisions in the military. Regenerationism became popular, and the working class, industrial class	class	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
He initially planned to go into the clergy, enrolling in the University of Tulsa and studying subjects such as theology and Greek for two years, before deciding to pursue zoology. In 1929, Eakin moved to Berkeley, California to attend UC Berkeley. He earned his	his	PRON	A.B.	PROPN	 A.B.
An IGN article exploring the literary influences present in the Halo franchise commented on similarities between Halo and Orson Scott Card's Ender's Game: aspects of the SPARTAN Project and the design of the Covenant Drones are perceived as reminiscent of the super soldier program and Buggers found	found	VERB	in	ADP	 in
In Congress, Yancey and Benjamin Hill of Georgia, who had previously clashed in 1856, had their differences over a bill intended to create the Confederate Supreme Court erupt into physical violence. Hill hit Yancey in the head with a glass inkstand on the floor of the	the	DET	Senate	PROPN	 Senate
Like many mascots, Buzz communicates via hand gestures and sign language, rather than speech. At some school events, there are a few people who dress up as Buzz. The identities of these individuals must be kept secret until their graduation. They must be in	in	ADP	excellent	ADJ	 excellent
In 1837 Euston railway station opened, the first railway station connecting London with the industrial heartlands of the West Midlands and Lancashire. Railways were banned by a Parliamentary commission from operating in London itself, and thus the station was built on what was then the northern boundary	boundary	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
On January 4, Bentha attained peak winds of 85 km / h (50 mph), and on the same day the storm began interacting with developing Tropical Storm Christelle to the west. On January 5, increased shear weakened Bentha, and by the following day	day	NOUN	the	DET	 the
Philip, with his cavalry caught the Romans ashore and was able to drive them back to their ships, with the Romans returning to Naupactus. Philip then joined Cycliadas the Achaean general, near Dyme for a joint attack on the city of Elis, the main Aetolian	Aetolian	ADJ	base	NOUN	 base
They were too slow to stem the current in the Dniepr, and proved very difficult to steer. In practice the discharge of even one gun caused them to turn out of control and even contra rotating some of six propellers was unable to keep the ship on the	the	DET	correct	ADJ	 correct
He served as Assistant Secretary of State from November 1924 to May 1925, and was subsequently appointed Minister to China in 1925. Although MacMurray had coveted the China post, he soon fell into disagreement with the State Department over U.S. policy towards the ruling Kuomintang government.	.	PUNCT	He	PRON	 He
Studio albums Aerosmith (1973) Get Your Wings (1974) Toys in the Attic (1975) Rocks (1976) Draw the Line (1977) Night in the Ruts (1979) Rock in a Hard Place (1982) Done with Mirrors (1985)	)	PUNCT	Permanent	PROPN	 Permanent
Through participation in this program, Leaf owners are able to generate CO2 emissions credits certified by the Ministry of Economy, Trade and Industry (METI) based on the amount of CO2 emissions that are offset by driving the Nissan Leaf to generate credits. Measurement and certification	certification	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
Proteus was released on 30 January 2013 for Windows and Mac, and on 8 April of the same year for Linux. When pre orders were open in 2012, an Artifact Edition was also available; a version which included a boxed version of the game with artwork	artwork	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
In addition, Thistle Creek provides a route south from Thistle towards the communities of the Sanpete and Sevier Valleys. The Spanish Fork River flows northwest from Thistle, towards the city of Spanish Fork, before reaching Utah Lake. These natural paths have provided the route of	of	ADP	several	ADJ	 several
Sari called the cinematography well done, but found that the plot could confuse viewers. Suditomo thought that the film was well visualised but lost much of its impact owing to its extraneous subplots. Anggraeni, covering the Indonesian Film Festival in Australia, described Ruma Maida as	as	ADP	cleverly	ADV	 cleverly
Jewel Summoner received mixed reviews from the gaming press. Its monster collection theme and turn based gameplay was often compared to Nintendo's Pokémon series. The game's audio and voice acting were praised, but its story and gameplay were criticized as uninspired and monotonous. Jewel	Jewel	PROPN	Summoner	PROPN	 Summoner
Emperor of India was not available for the Battle of Jutland on 31 May – 1 June, as she was in dock for a refit. Following Jutland, she was transferred to the 1st Battle Squadron, where she again served as the second division flagship. She	She	PRON	remained	VERB	 remained
" Rick Lyman of Knight Ridder News Services said in his review: " Any movie — even an animated one — that has characters with names such as Funshine Bear, Love a lot Bear, and Lotsa Heart Elephant is obviously going to rank quite high on the	the	DET	cute	ADJ	 cute
The rain started coming down more heavily and Nico Rosberg spun at Fagnes corner, rejoining in front of the two frontrunners and causing Hamilton to run onto the grass. At the next corner, Räikkönen spun and gave the lead back to Hamilton. Räikkönen then lost control	control	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
Notably, the soundtrack is not a direct audio rip from the game itself, however; it is a " remastering " of the soundtrack with added instruments and audio production. Originally only thirty tracks were included with the re release, with tracks thirty one through forty	forty	NUM	one	NUM	 one
The Paleolithic extended from about 500,000 BCE to 8000 BCE. The Paleolithic is subdivided into periods, the Lower Paleolithic, 500,000 to 350,000 BCE, the Middle Paleolithic, 350,000 to 40,000 BCE, the Upper Paleolithic, 40,000 to 10,000 BCE, and the Final Paleolithic,	,	PUNCT	10,000	NUM	 10,000
In 1981, Art Carney portrayed Truman in the docu drama film St. Helens. Truman was born in Ivydale, Clay County, West Virginia, to Rosa Belle (née Hardman; 1873 – 1957) and Newberry Truman (1874 – 1923). His family settled	settled	VERB	in	ADP	 in
Out of the ten states I 70 passes through, the 14.45 mile long (23.26 km) segment in West Virginia is the shortest. By comparison, the longest stretch of I 70 through a single state is the 451.04 mile long (725.88 km) segment in	in	ADP	Colorado	PROPN	 Colorado
In 1905, Minna and the children emigrated to the United States, where they joined Isaac in Rockland, Maine. Isaac initially struggled to establish himself there, suffering from depression while the family settled into their new home. He worked as a woodcutter before opening a	a	DET	junkyard	NOUN	 junkyard
They met on Sundays, beginning with dinner at 2 p.m., and continuing with discussions until at least 8. While not a formal member of the Lunar Society, Sir Joseph Banks was active in it. In 1768 Banks sailed with Captain James Cook to the South	South	PROPN	Pacific	PROPN	 Pacific
The game features over seven hundred items; the designers included a system that randomizes the items the player obtains from enemies. When beginning the game, the player may choose to play a pre selected party, or to create a party of up to six characters;	;	PUNCT	unlike	ADP	 unlike
Darts is a widely popular sport in England; a professional competitive sport, darts is a traditional pub game. The sport is governed by the World Darts Federation, one of its member organisations is the BDO, which annually stages the Lakeside World Professional Championship, the	the	DET	other	ADJ	 other
Tschopp finished the best of the team's six riders to reach the finish, finishing 16th overall. The team also shared the Fair Play award with five other teams, avoiding penalty points for minor technical infringements. The Tour de France was the main focal point of	of	ADP	the	DET	 the
From the bridge, it proceeds along Central Avenue, encountering Highway 11 one block north. The two routes travel north concurrently to 3 Street West, where both turn west. At the Fort Frances Cemetery, the route branches southwest and exits Fort Frances after splitting with	with	ADP	the	DET	 the
And, therefore again, there is no hope for an intentional psychology. " Having criticized the idea that semantic evaluation concerns only the internal relations between the units of a symbolic system, Fodor can adopt an externalist position with respect to mental content and meaning. For	For	ADP	Fodor	PROPN	 Fodor
Many of these offices were held by clergymen of the Church of Ireland, the then established church. After the disestablishment of the Church in 1871, the ecclesiastics were allowed to remain in office until their deaths, when the offices were either abolished or reassigned to lay	lay	VERB	officials	NOUN	 officials
The reasoning was partly due to the third episode " Exodus ", which became too long and split to a two part episode, and the producers did not wish to stretch the New Caprica storyline to several weeks. The two hour season three premiere was first broadcast	broadcast	VERB	on	ADP	 on
Her works were also shown in Boston, Chicago, and New York City. Norcross shared a studio with Alix d'Anethan, whose paintings, influenced by Puvis, were of pastoral and contemporary life. Norcross began to collect historical European artwork, particularly to be shown in	in	ADP	public	ADJ	 public
The borough has seen substantial land reclamation along its waterfronts since Dutch colonial times, and much of the natural variation in its topography has been evened out. In New York Harbor there are three smaller islands: Ellis Island, shared with New Jersey Governors Island Liberty Island	Island	PROPN	Other	ADJ	 Other
The exact date of Andrew's birth is unknown. According to historians Tibor Almási, Gyula Kristó, and Attila Zsoldos, he was born in about 1265. Stephen the Posthumous nominated his wife's two kinsmen, including her brother Alberto Morosini, as Andrew's guardians	guardians	NOUN	before	ADP	 before
" Peter Travers of Rolling Stone praised " a sensational performance, alert and nuanced " while Empire spoke of an " uncanny, insightful performance ". Sheen was nominated for a BAFTA Award for Best Actor in a Supporting Role. His second film appearance of 2006 was	was	AUX	a	DET	 a
Most heavy metal songs "... featur [e] at least one guitar solo ", which is "... a primary means through which the heavy metal performer expresses virtuosity. " One exception is nu metal bands, which tend to omit guitar solos. With rhythm	rhythm	NOUN	guitar	PROPN	 guitar
After Alex Henery kicked a 49 yard field goal, the Bears scored their first points of the game with Robbie Gould's 50 yard field goal on the last play of the first half. In the second half, the Eagles scored off a safety after Cedric Thornton	Thornton	PROPN	tackled	VERB	 tackled
El Salvador were runners up, recording two wins, one tie, and one loss. The 1943 CCCF Championship took place in San Salvador with the participation of Costa Rica, Guatemala, and Nicaragua. El Salvador was coached by former national player Américo González. At	At	ADP	the	DET	 the
In 1902 the UERL, which already controlled the DR, took control of both companies and quickly raised the funds, mainly from foreign investors. A number of different routes were planned, but most were rejected by Parliament. When it opened in 1906, the GNP	GNP	PROPN	&	CCONJ	 &
Like many British Columbians, he was disappointed that London seemed to have given up on BC as an independent colony, abandoning either it to annexation to the United States or confederation with Canada. " I believe that England is sick of her Colonies, " he wrote	wrote	VERB	,	PUNCT	,
The castle's deer park, which merged into the larger Rising Chase, was positioned behind the castle in a similar way to that at Devizes Castle. The castle effectively formed an interface between the town and the park; the great hall in the keep faced the	the	DET	settlement	NOUN	 settlement
It was released for Microsoft Windows on June 13, 2014, and later released for OS X and Linux. The player assumes the role of a cargo ship pilot, and must build modules and weapons to defend their cargo from attacking ships and other hazards. The	The	DET	game	NOUN	 game
Decomposition of certain salts of uranium, for example UO2 (NO3) · 6H2O in air at 400° C, yields orange or yellow UO3. This oxide is amphoteric and forms several hydroxides, the most stable being UO2 (OH) 2. Reaction of uranium	uranium	NOUN	(	PUNCT	 (
Other local singers and choirs joined the orchestra for the remaining pieces, with Etsuyo Ota, Tomoaki Watanabe, and Tetsuya Odagawa performing " Opera " Maria and Draco " " as they had in the Tour de Japon two years prior. A DVD of the performance was	was	AUX	released	VERB	 released
70 88 mm guns in hedgerows and woods, covering the approaches to Caen. On 20 June Field Marshal Erwin Rommel, commanding German forces in Normandy, was ordered by Hitler to launch a counter offensive against the Allies between the towns of Caumont l ' Éventé (	(	PUNCT	Caumont	PROPN	Caumont
Dunn's training facility, Bud Dunn Stables (later Bud Dunn & Son) were located in Florence, Alabama and covered ten acres. At one point in the mid 1980s, Dunn had over 50 horses in training. Dunn was given the Trainer of the Year	Year	PROPN	award	NOUN	 award
" Fatbeard " was a reference to increasing international media attention to piracy in the Indian Ocean, and the script depicted the pirates in a sympathetic light. The crew of the USS Bainbridge, the Arleigh Burke class guided missile destroyer which participated in the rescue of the	the	DET	hijacked	ADJ	 hijacked
He withdrew beyond Shiloh Church, leaving 5,000 men under Breckinridge as a covering force, and massed Confederate batteries at the church and on the ridge south of Shiloh Branch. Confederate forces kept the Union men in position on the Corinth Road until 5 p.m., then began	began	VERB	an	DET	 an
St Francis lived austerely, in imitation of Christ. He embraced the natural world, and took vows of poverty, charity and chastity. In 1224 at La Verna, he experienced the mystical vision which van Eyck portrays. Thomas of Celano, author of Francis's	's	PART	hagiography	NOUN	 hagiography
New sails were added in 1971, along with other repairs. Further repairs were carried out in 1974, including the removal of floors. It was designated as a grade II * listed building in 1986. It is the last survivor of five windmills that once existed	existed	VERB	in	ADP	 in
An outcome of the Crimean War was the British Government's willingness to use its increased influence at Constantinople to intervene on behalf of its Jewish subjects who resided in Jerusalem. On 13 July 1854, James Finn of the British consulate in Jerusalem wrote to the British ambassador	ambassador	NOUN	in	ADP	 in
The remix was also included on the deluxe edition of L.A.M.B., as well as on the international version of the album. After its release, " The Real Thing " received generally favorable reviews from critics. Critics appreciated the " vintage " production of the song and	and	CCONJ	labeled	VERB	 labeled
Hinson worked from his home in Tennessee and made his pieces using FL Studio 9. Although they were given full access to the game's content, Hinson chose to avoid looking beyond what he absolutely needed to look at to write the tracks, due to wanting to	to	PART	experience	VERB	 experience
Rallies were held outside of City Hall, car rallies of decorated cars paraded through town and a section of downtown, dubbed the " Sens Mile, " was closed off to traffic during and after games for fans to congregate. In the Final, the Senators now	now	ADV	faced	VERB	 faced
About 15 laps into that next to last run, Jimmie cleared Logano and got really fast. He was just a little quicker than we were today. " Hamlin maintained the Drivers ' championship lead with 5,368 points. Johnson stood in second, thirty five points behind	behind	ADP	Hamlin	PROPN	 Hamlin
It was an immediate success, with all towels being sold at the first game. The A & M Yell Squad initially resisted the towels, claiming the Aggie Club was breaking tradition, but the Battalion staff supported the concept and began a successful selling and media campaign	campaign	NOUN	to	PART	 to
Young rays may have white spots. Encountered singly or in " social " groups, the common stingray appears to segregate by sex to some degree and may be more active at night, tending to bury itself in sediment during daytime. It feeds on a wide variety	variety	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
In any event, the restriction fomented further interservice enmity between the Air Corps and the Navy that did not abate until World War II. The Navy specifically included the 100 nautical miles (190 km) limit in plans for joint maneuvers in 1939 that was deleted only	only	ADV	after	SCONJ	 after
Red maple is one of the first species to start stem elongation. In one study, stem elongation was one half completed in 1 week, after which growth slowed and was 90% completed within only 54 days. In good light and moisture conditions, the seedlings	seedlings	NOUN	can	AUX	 can
The market was also the location for public punishment of wrongdoers, and stocks and a pillory were set at a prominent position at the eastern end of the Guildhall. The stocks were used for the punishment of relatively minor offences such as breaching the regulations on the price	price	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
To this end, the U.S. Army issued a Request For Proposals (RFP) for an Advanced Attack Helicopter (AAH) on 15 November 1972. As a sign of the importance of this project, in September 1973 the Army designated its five most important projects as	as	ADP	the	DET	 the
" 5to Piso received a Grammy Award nomination for Best Latin Pop Album and a Latin Grammy Award nomination for Best Singer Songwriter Album though lost to Sin Frenos and Caetano Veloso respectively. 5to Piso debuted atop the Billboard Top Latin Albums chart the week ending 6 December 2008	2008	NUM	,	PUNCT	,
After launching, the incomplete ship was transferred to Kiel for fitting out, including completion of the superstructure and the installation of armament, until August 1911. Named for the Duchy of Oldenburg in northern Germany, the ship was commissioned into the High Seas Fleet on 1	1	NUM	May	PROPN	 May
After the session had ended, Fisichella was given a three place grid penalty by the stewards for exiting the pit lane whilst the light at its exit was still red. The second free practice session was held in dry conditions, but the track was still damp from	from	ADP	earlier	ADJ	 earlier
The matter came to a head in January 1164, when Henry forced through agreement to the Constitutions of Clarendon; under tremendous pressure, Becket temporarily agreed but changed his position shortly afterwards. The legal argument was complex at the time and remains contentious. The argument between	between	ADP	Henry	PROPN	 Henry
There was still concern that a crash and a fire could trigger the explosives. If immersed in water, the uranium halves were subject to a neutron moderator effect. While this would not have caused an explosion, it could have created widespread radioactive contamination. For this	this	DET	reason	NOUN	 reason
This corridor would have bypassed towns in eastern Allegany County such as Flintstone, leaving them without access to the freeway, and would have passed directly through Green Ridge State Forest, the largest state forest in Maryland. This proposed corridor provoked strong opposition, largely due to	to	ADP	the	DET	 the
In November 2013, the game was ranked at fourth and eighth place on Eurogamer and Hardcore Gamer's list of the best games of the generation, respectively. In January 2014, Computer and Video Games ranked the game at number fifteen on its list of the best	best	ADJ	games	NOUN	 games
He also gives her information about the kidnapper's new location, warning her to avoid " the blue devil ". Scully then leads several agents to the location Boggs gave her — a brewery — where they are able to rescue the kidnapped boyfriend. Scully chases the	the	DET	kidnapper	NOUN	 kidnapper
During winter, both the South Pacific and South Atlantic highs move to the north, while the Subpolar Low strengthens, which, when combined with higher ocean temperatures than the surrounding land, results in higher precipitation during this time of the year. Due to the northward	northward	PROPN	migration	NOUN	 migration
While the first scenes for the episode were shot on March 30, 2012, on a day that also saw scenes shot for the previous two episodes, shooting on the episode began in earnest on Monday, April 9, 2012, after the completion of the prior	prior	ADJ	episode	NOUN	 episode
Cultural events include the Rabindra Jayanti, Independence Day (15 August), Republic Day (26 January), Kolkata Book Fair, the Dover Lane Music Festival, the Kolkata Film Festival, Nandikar's National Theatre Festival, Statesman Vintage & Classic Car Rally and Gandhi	Gandhi	PROPN	Jayanti	PROPN	 Jayanti
Also in the 1930s, US 422 / PA 73 was shifted to follow Mineral Spring Road between Reading and Mount Penn. In 1950, PA 73 was moved to a straighter alignment to the east of Oley. In the 1950s, PA 73 was routed onto the	the	DET	one	NUM	 one
Some historians have agreed, arguing that Atkinson could have prevented the outbreak of war with more decisive action or astute diplomacy. Cecil Eby charged that " Atkinson was a paper general, unwilling to proceed until all risk had been eliminated ". Kerry Trask, however,	,	PUNCT	argued	VERB	 argued
This event takes place during the third weekend of October. There is also a Spring Wine Festival held during the second weekend of May. Nearby are the museum ship USS Wisconsin (BB 64) and Wisconsin Square. The St. Patrick's Day annual parade in the	the	DET	city	NOUN	 city
The overall maximum stands at 36.5C (97.7F) at Charlwood, set on 10 August 2003. The absolute record for Gatwick is the aforementioned 36.4C. Before this, the highest temperature recorded at Gatwick was 35.6C (96.1F), also in August 2003. The maximum temperature	temperature	NOUN	was	AUX	 was
As he moved to attack another enemy soldier, he was mortally wounded. Lance Corporal Jimenez was not the only Hispanic Marine from the 7th Marines, 1st Marine Division to be awarded the Medal of Honor for his actions in Quang Nam Province. Three months later,	,	PUNCT	on	ADP	 on
Two of the captured ships were sent to Malta with Constitution; President sailed to Syracuse, Sicily, arriving on 27 August. When Barron arrived in the Mediterranean, his seniority of rank over Preble entitled him to assume the duties of commodore. However, soon after	after	ADP	replacing	VERB	 replacing
It was clear that he intended the letter to be printed in the press, and it appeared in full in The Daily Telegraph on 1 April, among other London newspapers, reigniting the furore. Wisden Cricketers ' Almanack considered the incident of such significance that it reprinted	reprinted	VERB	the	DET	 the
Because of this, the House of Lords rejected the bill, leaving Charles without any money to provide for the war effort. Displeased with this, Charles adjourned it on 11 July, but finding himself in need of money recalled the Members on 1 August, when	when	SCONJ	they	PRON	 they
The facility has hosted Brier, the Canadian men's curling championship, on four occasions (1997, 2002, 2009 and 2015). It also hosted the women's championship, the Tournament of Hearts in 1995. The 2006 World Figure Skating Championships was also held	held	VERB	in	ADP	 in
Love It to Death is seen as one of the foundational albums of the heavy metal sound, along with contemporary releases by Black Sabbath, Led Zeppelin, Deep Purple, and others. A review in British magazine Melody Maker called it " an album for the punk	punk	NOUN	and	CCONJ	 and
This was truly what David Cronenberg would call ' the new flesh, ' a dissolution of the boundaries between man and machine, machine and alien, and man and alien, with a psychosexual invasiveness that has never, thank God, been equaled. " In 2002	2002	NUM	,	PUNCT	,
The Minish Cap also features a figurine based sidequest, similar to that in The Legend of Zelda: The Wind Waker. The player can collect " Mysterious Shells " like those found in hidden areas in Link's Awakening, which sometimes appear when defeating enemies and can	can	AUX	also	ADV	 also
On the evening of 31 August 2006, the aquarium introduced a juvenile male caught outside Santa Monica Bay. His first meal as a captive was a large salmon steak on 8 September 2006, and as of that date, he was estimated to be 1.72 meters (	(	PUNCT	68	NUM	68
The choices were Falls Count Anywhere match, Tables match, or Full Metal Mayhem. Victory Road featured eight professional wrestling matches that involved different wrestlers from pre existing scripted feuds and storylines. Wrestlers portrayed villains, heroes, or less distinguishable characters in the scripted events that	that	PRON	built	VERB	 built
Kubrick met author Michael Herr through mutual friend David Cornwell (novelist John le Carré) in 1980, and became interested in his book Dispatches, about the Vietnam War. Herr had recently written Martin Sheen's narration for Apocalypse Now (1979). Kubrick was also	also	ADV	intrigued	VERB	 intrigued
The EP featured songs solely written by Lorde (credited under her birth name Ella Yelich O'Connor) and Joel Little and produced by Little, including " The Love Club ". To promote the EP, Lorde held a concert at Le Poisson Rouge in New York and	and	CCONJ	performed	VERB	 performed
His successors Nerva and Trajan were less restrictive, but in reality their policies differed little from Domitian's. Since the fall of the Republic, the authority of the Roman Senate had largely eroded under the quasi monarchical system of government established by Augustus, known as the	the	DET	Principate	PROPN	 Principate
He also said the film would be a hard R. Ken Levine, during an interview on August 30, 2010, said: " I will say that it is still an active thing and it's something we are actively talking about and actively working on. "	"	PUNCT	Verbinski	PROPN	 Verbinski
The Prime Minister William Pitt the Younger was then made the Lord Warden in 1792. Pitt was badly in debt and King George III believed that the post, which came with a salary of £3,000 a year, would usefully supplement Pitt's income. Pitt made	made	VERB	extensive	ADJ	 extensive
Later on in the same essay, she commented that Brandon both embodied and rejected traditional masculinity, providing a new outlook on what it means to be a man which excited and thrilled the women in the film: " Brandon ’ s performance of masculinity, however,	,	PUNCT	can	AUX	 can
Bach scored the work for a small Baroque instrumental ensemble of originally just strings and continuo, probably intended to ease the workload of musicians for the Christmas season. In a later version, he added a trio of oboes to the outer movements. Bach counted the work	work	NOUN	as	ADP	 as
This, as well as multiplexing technology, allows a number of channels to be broadcast together on one frequency as opposed to one channel for analogue radio broadcasts. National, local and regional DAB ensembles use the same frequency for the area they cover. Using a single	single	ADJ	frequency	NOUN	 frequency
Oesau however managed to utilize Bär's skills as formation leader after the death of Segatz on 8 March 1944, and Bär was appointed as acting commander of II. / JG 1. On 24 February 1944, the Eighth Air Force attempted to repeat the success of	of	ADP	20	NUM	 20
is a first person platform video game co developed by Exact and Ultra and published by Sony Computer Entertainment. The first instalment in the Jumping Flash! series, it was first released for the PlayStation on 28 April 1995 in Japan, 29 September 1995 in Europe and	and	CCONJ	1	NUM	 1
Having only made appearances as a substitute during two months with York, Morris returned to Norwich after his loan expired. York took a 2 – 0 lead away at Luton, Carson and Sinclair scoring within five minutes of each other early in the second half. However	However	ADV	,	PUNCT	,
Leaves will usually wither during this period and a flower stem begin to emerge after eight to ten weeks. Bulbs can then be brought back into light, inspected for pests or rot, and repotted in fresh soil after cutting foliage to about 10 cm above the bulb	bulb	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
She was formally decommissioned on 1 July. Her crew were paid off and redeployed to the U boat arm. By early 1943, the ship had been sufficiently repaired to begin the conversion process, but Hitler, angered by the failure of German surface raiders at the	the	DET	Battle	PROPN	 Battle
The legs are marked with larger spots than the carapace, and both the chelipeds and the walking legs are shorter than in other species. There are no spots on the animal's underside, including the abdomen. In males, the chelipeds bear a hairy patch containing	containing	VERB	chemoreceptors	NOUN	 chemoreceptors
Finally, a female Italian immigrant was so thrilled about fresh roses at one of the Hull House receptions that she insisted they had come from Italy. She had never seen anything as beautiful in America despite the fact that she lived within ten blocks of a florist shop	shop	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
When the pair have a boxing match, the prisoners and guards watch with interest. Although Luke is severely outmatched by his larger opponent, he refuses to acquiesce. Eventually, Dragline refuses to continue the fight. Luke's tenacity earns the prisoners ' respect. Later	Later	ADV	,	PUNCT	,
Concentration camp inmates were made available for purchase by pharmaceutical companies for drug testing and other experiments. Women were a cornerstone of Nazi social policy. The Nazis opposed the feminist movement, claiming that it was the creation of Jewish intellectuals, and instead advocated a patriarchal society	society	NOUN	in	ADP	 in
Because they are potentially hazardous prey for raptorial birds, raptors must usually take them by surprise and most attacks are on fledgling ravens. More rarely still, large mammalian predators such as lynxes, coyotes and cougars have also attacked ravens. This principally occurs at a nest	nest	NOUN	site	NOUN	 site
In four Tests, Hirst scored 157 runs at an average of 39.25 and took nine wickets at an average of 23.11. Apart from his Test appearances, Hirst also played twice for the Players against the Gentlemen and played for the same side against the Australians. Early	Early	ADV	in	ADP	 in
Studies have had conflicting findings on whether athletes have longer recovery times after repeat concussions and whether cumulative effects such as impairment in cognition and memory occur. Cumulative effects may include psychiatric disorders and loss of long term memory. For example, the risk of developing clinical depression	depression	NOUN	has	AUX	 has
He also captained the Chargers in a further 2 matches. After the termination of the Deccan Chargers, he was retained by the new franchise, Sunrisers Hyderabad, captaining the team when Kumar Sangakkara wasn't selected in the playing XI. White made 209 runs, averaging	averaging	VERB	17.41	NUM	 17.41
The Agency requests that its State enforcement partners also cease enforcement of this provision. States that do so will not be found in violation of the Motor Carrier Safety Assistance Program (MCSAP). ENFORCEMENT POLICY Effective August 2, 2013, FMCSA will no longer enforce 49	49	NUM	CFR	PROPN	 CFR
" On July 4, 1826, the fiftieth anniversary of the adoption of the Declaration of Independence, Adams died at his home in Quincy, at approximately 6: 20 PM. Jefferson died earlier the same day. Adams ' crypt lies at United First Parish Church	Church	PROPN	in	ADP	 in
At that time, the simmering disagreement between the free and slave states heated up with the introduction of the Kansas – Nebraska Act, proposed by Illinois Democrat Stephen A. Douglas, which would open the Kansas and Nebraska territories to slavery, an implicit repeal of the Missouri	Missouri	PROPN	Compromise	PROPN	 Compromise
The top of the egg is depressed and forms a small central cavity called micropyle through which the egg is fertilised. The micropyle is situated on top in eggs which are globular, conical, or cylindrical; in those eggs which are flattened or lenticular, the micropyle	micropyle	NOUN	is	AUX	 is
The actual design of the building was based upon the Château de Cheverny, albeit with the two outer wings removed. In introducing Francis Haddock to the story, Hergé made Captain Haddock the only character in the series (except Jolyon Wagg, introduced later) to have	have	VERB	a	DET	 a
The station has three exits, numbered 1, 4, and 5. Exit 1 is branched northeast of the station, south of the Huaxia Elevated Road and east of Third Huaxia Road. Along the northwest side of the station is Exit 4 which is located west	west	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
Although the Coalition forces achieved several victories at Verdun, Kaiserslautern, Neerwinden, Mainz, Amberg and Würzburg, the efforts of Napoleon Bonaparte in northern Italy pushed Austrian forces back and resulted in the negotiation of the Peace of Leoben (17 April 1797) and the subsequent	subsequent	ADJ	Treaty	PROPN	 Treaty
" Beginning his major league career at the relatively advanced age of twenty eight, he played only ten seasons from 1947 to 1956, all of them for the Brooklyn Dodgers. During his career, the Dodgers played in six World Series, and Robinson himself played in	in	ADP	six	NUM	 six
As technological advances shape society, an individual might be able to resist the effects but his lifestyle will " always be lonely and in the end futile "; despite a few holdouts, technology will nevertheless shape economics which, in turn, will shape society. The	The	DET	selection	NOUN	 selection
Thorney Island was selected but then quickly ruled out as a useful site. It was later used, but at the time, its location near Portsmouth was considered too near the English Channel and as a result Turnberry in south west Scotland was selected instead with Fighter Command	Command	PROPN	giving	VERB	 giving
During this time, he begins falling for German lounge singer Elsa Lichtmann (Erika Heynatz) and soon has an affair with her. Unknown to him, Roy Earle (Adam J. Harrington), his partner in Vice and a corrupt cop, uses this information to	to	PART	help	VERB	 help
The " official " version of events is that Mussolini was shot by Walter Audisio, a communist partisan who used the nom de guerre of " Colonel Valerio ". However, since the end of the war, the circumstances of Mussolini's death, and the identity	identity	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
On 22 March 2013 the band performed outside the BBC Television Centre in a live broadcast for BBC Four. This was followed by Goodbye Television Centre, a celebration of 50 years of the television centre, marking the closure of the grade II listed building and the last	last	ADJ	show	NOUN	 show
Alexis graduated from Harvard Business School instead. In June 1940, with World War II already raging in Europe, Vannevar Bush, the director of the Carnegie Institution of Washington, recruited Conant to the National Defense Research Committee (NDRC), although he remained president of	of	ADP	Harvard	PROPN	 Harvard
It is initially stuffed with cotton like mycelia, then later becomes hollow. The caps of dried fruit bodies will typically remain white, while the stems will dry darker, especially if they are initially waterlogged. When they are viewed in mass, such as with a	a	DET	spore	ADJ	 spore
The JTWC estimated Cimaron to have been a stronger system, attaining its peak intensity as a Category 5 equivalent super typhoon with one minute winds of 260 km / h (160 mph). However, satellite estimates from forecasters within the agency itself, the National Oceanic	Oceanic	PROPN	and	CCONJ	 and
Toby Keith's " Red Solo Cup " had already been on those charts, but was cited as the greatest " digital gainer " on both of them, and rose to seventeen in the United States from thirty five, and twenty nine in Canada from sixty eight	eight	NUM	.	PUNCT	.
" Fortifications, castles, and every office in the kingdom was taken away from the Hungarians and given to Germans or Latins. In addition, Peter was extremely debauched, and his hangers on behaved with shameful and unbridled lust, violently assaulting the wives and daughters of	of	ADP	the	DET	 the
An advance party was led into an Itza trap and 87 expedition members were lost, including 50 soldiers, two Dominicans and about 35 Maya helpers. The rest of the party arrived at the shore of Lake Petén Itzá, but quickly retreated back to Guatemala. Martín	Martín	PROPN	de	ADP	 de
The citadel could hold 1,400 people, and was located on Park Crescent Terrace behind the west side of Park Crescent. Nearby, the Royal Hippodrome (unrelated to the Hippodrome in Brighton's old town) had opened on 31 October 1876. The 1,600 capacity building hosted	hosted	VERB	a	DET	 a
To accomplish this, the USAF updated Doctrine Volume 2, Leadership, to expand the descriptions of total force and " Airmen " to consist of regular, Guard, Reserve, civilian and auxiliary members. Part of that Total Force inclusion was a realignment in the responsible	responsible	ADJ	command	NOUN	 command
Aside from the medley, Carey performed " I'll Be There " and " Reflections (Care Enough) ", also a single from Glitter. European CD single " Never Too Far " (Edit) " Don't Stop (Funkin ' 4 Jamaica) "	"	PUNCT	(	PUNCT	 (
This allows them to battle increasingly more difficult demonic entities. Progressively more powerful armor and weapons can be purchased for each character from specialized shops in towns throughout the world, and new skills can be learned to help the player complete tougher challenges. Special devices called "	"	PUNCT	Tools	NOUN	 Tools
Chinese cuisine is highly diverse, drawing on several millennia of culinary history and geographical variety, in which the most influential are known as the " Eight Major Cuisines ", including Sichuan, Cantonese, Jiangsu, Shandong, Fujian, Hunan, Anhui, and Zhejiang cuisines	cuisines	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
The Ottomans invaded Malta in 1565, undertaking the Great Siege of Malta, which began on 18 May and lasted until 8 September, and is portrayed vividly in the frescoes of Matteo Perez d'Aleccio in the Hall of St. Michael and St. George. At first it seemed	seemed	VERB	that	SCONJ	 that
The Chronicle was put together about four hundred years after these events. It is known that the annalists used material from earlier chronicles, as well as from oral sources such as sagas, but there is no way to tell where these lines came from. It should	should	AUX	also	ADV	 also
Today it hosts the Troy offices of a regional media company. National State Bank Building: 297 River Street. Its fenestration and decoration is similar to Cummings ' Ilium Building a block away. Proctor's Theater: A 1914 theater on Fourth Street transitioned smoothly between live	live	ADJ	entertainment	NOUN	 entertainment
He described in detail social arrangements, distribution of work, how provisions would be divided and even how table manners were to be introduced. Regarding expenses, he argued that " this should not seem expensive or difficult, because after all, everything comes from them [	[	X	the	DET	the
Since the selection of the first New Zealand team in 1884, inter colonial games had been played against New South Wales (ten New Zealand wins from thirteen matches), and Queensland (seven New Zealand wins from seven), but none had been contested against a	a	DET	combined	VERB	 combined
Australian naval historians David Stevens and Tom Frame disagree on what happens next. Stevens states that Cumberledge assembled the ship's company in the early afternoon, read the Articles of War, lectured them on the seriousness of refusing duty, then ordered the stokers to go to	to	ADP	their	PRON	 their
This division process was common to many American congregations of the time. Born in Veszprém, Hungary in 1835, Tuska was raised in Rochester, New York, where his father was a rabbi. Simon attended the Rochester Theological Seminary, and upon completion of his studies	studies	NOUN	there	ADV	 there
In the first week of April 2012, a final appeal by the DC Rage Society to the City of Dawson Creek to cover certain fees was denied and the society announced the team was ending operations. The Rage were operated by a Dawson Creek based non profit group	group	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
While collecting bananas on the island's vastly different regions, Donkey Kong defeats various enemies, including the reptilian Kremlings, and other hazardous creatures native to the island. Aiding him in his quest are some of the other Kongs: Diddy accompanies Donkey Kong on his quest	quest	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
They had developed an interest in and admiration for native Hawaiian slack key guitarists like Gabby Pahinui. While in Punahou's secondary school, Shane taught first himself and then Guard the rudiments of the six string guitar, and the two began performing at parties and in school	school	NOUN	shows	NOUN	 shows
His terrestrial and celestial globes, first published in 1592, were the first to be made in England and the first to be made by an Englishman. Molyneux was known as a mathematician and maker of mathematical instruments such as compasses and hourglasses. He became acquainted with	with	ADP	many	ADJ	 many
" In a less enthusiastic review for The Village Voice, Robert Christgau gave At Fillmore East a " B – " grade and said the songs " sure do boogie ", but ultimately found it musically aimless: " even if Duane Allman plus Dickey Betts does equal	equal	VERB	Jerry	PROPN	 Jerry
The Texas state legislature ordered all flags on state buildings to be flown at half staff to honor Murphy. The memorial service held in his hometown of Farmersville, Texas was in part sponsored by the Thomas Glenn Caraway Post of the VFW, and Farmersville businesses closed their	their	PRON	doors	NOUN	 doors
In 1935, Pacelli was named Camerlengo of the Holy Roman Church. As Cardinal Secretary of State, Pacelli signed concordats with a number of countries and states. Immediately on becoming Cardinal Secretary of State, Pacelli and Ludwig Kaas took up negotiations on a Baden Concordat which	which	PRON	continued	VERB	 continued
The Peshwa's territories were absorbed into the Bombay Presidency and the territory seized from the Pindaris became the Central Provinces of British India. The princes of Rajputana became symbolic feudal lords who accepted the British as the paramount power. Thus Francis Rawdon Hastings redrew the map of	of	ADP	India	PROPN	 India
The game was later published by Sony Computer Entertainment (SCEA) in North America on March 25, 1998. It is the seventh game in the SaGa series and the first to be released on the PlayStation. SaGa Frontier was developed by the then Square Production Team	Team	PROPN	2	NUM	 2
Because of a lack of surviving documentary evidence on commissions of 15th century Northern painting, the identities of donors are often established through evidence gathered by modern art historians. In this work, damaged coats of arms on the borders of the interior wings have been identified with	with	ADP	the	DET	 the
During the campaign that preceded the 1960 U.S. Presidential election, both candidates — Richard Nixon and John F. Kennedy — made campaign stops in Alaska. Both men gave their support to the Rampart Dam project, with Kennedy saying, " I see the greatest dam in the	the	DET	free	ADJ	 free
The reggae / ska musician Judge Dread played his last gig at the Penny Theatre. His final words were " Let's hear it for the band. " He then went offstage, suffered a major heart attack and died, despite help from both ambulance crews and	and	CCONJ	the	DET	 the
This is one of the hardest pulls since we have trekked... all we can do is to slog on with the greatest possible speed. " In spite of their difficulties the party made good progress until, on 17 February about 10 miles (16 km) short	short	ADJ	of	ADP	 of
Researchers would reduce the search space by using heuristics or " rules of thumb " that would eliminate those paths that were unlikely to lead to a solution. Newell and Simon tried to capture a general version of this algorithm in a program called the " General Problem Solver	Solver	PROPN	"	PUNCT	 "
Both appointments were unpopular in the state, and on January 27, 1817, Breckinridge formed a coalition of legislators in the House that sponsored a bill to elect " a governor to fill the vacancy occasioned by the death of " Madison, essentially an attempt to oust	oust	VERB	Slaughter	PROPN	 Slaughter
According to The Official Charts Company, " (You Drive Me) Crazy " is Spears ' seventh best selling single in the United Kingdom, with sales over 275,000 physical units. The song peaked at number two in France and number four in Germany, being certified	certified	VERB	Gold	PROPN	 Gold
To Harrison's frustration, Dylan was having severe doubts about performing in such a big event atmosphere and still would not commit to playing. " Look, it's not my scene, either, " Harrison countered. " At least you've played on your own	own	ADJ	in	ADP	 in
Except for some small outcrops close to the Cerro, no nearby habitat is suitable, but more populations may exist elsewhere in southern Ecuador or nearby northern Peru. The species is threatened by fires, used to maintain crop fields in the vicinity, which frequently get out	out	ADP	of	ADP	 of
When Longstreet launched his assault on Fort Sanders on November 29, 1863, the 29th saw heavy action in repulsing the Confederates. Two members of the 29th, Sgt. Jeremiah Mahoney and Pvt. Joseph S. Manning, later received the Medal of Honor for their bravery	bravery	NOUN	in	ADP	 in
He also gained military experience as a leader of a regional militia during the civil war fought between the transition from Sui to Tang. Su was a general with military experience in Central Asia, and was familiar with the culture of the steppes. He had been in	in	ADP	contact	NOUN	 contact
All three plays concern the fate of Thebes during and after the reign of King Oedipus. They have often been published under a single cover. Sophocles, however, wrote the three plays for separate festival competitions, many years apart. Not only are the Theban plays	plays	VERB	not	PART	 not
Juan Martinez of Universal Music Group, the A & R person who enlisted the producers of the remixes for each single from Loose, said that the " Say It Right " remixes had received " the strongest reaction ". South African Pop Star Nic Billington covered the	the	DET	song	NOUN	 song
After preventing the construction of the branch beyond Euston, the Committee allowed the HStP & CCR bill to proceed for normal parliamentary consideration. The rest of the route was approved and, following a change of the company name, the bill received royal assent on 24 August	August	PROPN	1893	NUM	 1893
He was again appointed constable and steward of the Derbyshire manor in March 1399, although he gave up his office in April in return for an annuity from King Richard, who had confiscated the Lancastrian estates when John of Gaunt died earlier that year. Upon Henry's	's	PART	seizure	NOUN	 seizure
He thought that she was " thoroughly watchable " with Gillan's acting abilities and chemistry with Smith, but criticised the character for being " frequently painted in largely two dimensional strokes that made for a brash, sometimes irritating turn " and the series as a whole for	for	ADP	lacking	VERB	 lacking
The foreman, Sir Richard Smith (mayor of Abingdon in 1564 / 1565), had been a household servant of Princess Elizabeth and is described as a former " Queen's man " and a " lewd " person in Hales ' 1563 chronicle, while Dudley gave	gave	VERB	a	DET	 a
He made more than 300 appearances in the Football League playing as a striker. He was a " strong and forceful " player, able to hold the ball up in order to bring other players into the game. Horsfield made his Football League debut with Scarborough as	as	ADP	a	DET	 a
It is operated by the state owned Avinor and handled 145,396 passengers in 2014, making it the third busiest regional airport in the country. The airport has a 880 meter (2,890 ft) runway aligned 05 / 23. Services are provided by Widerøe using the Dash	Dash	PROPN	8	NUM	 8
She mounted two submerged tubes for 21 inch (533 mm) torpedoes, one on each side forward of ' A ' barbette. Renown's waterline belt of Krupp cemented armour measured 6 inches (152 mm) thick amidships. Her gun turrets were 7 – 9	9	NUM	inches	NOUN	 inches
" The Farm " received mostly negative reviews from critics, many criticizing Dwight's farm storyline and some critics calling it a " Frankenstein episode ". M. Giant of Television Without Pity awarded the episode a C. Alan Sepinwall of HitFix considered NBC's decision not to pick	pick	VERB	the	DET	 the
She wore a black PVC catsuit and was accompanied on stage by guitarist Nuno Bettencourt; the set design included flame throwers and a video screen which showed guitars, lightning bolts and skulls. At one point, the singer picked and played up a black Gibson Flying V	V	PROPN	guitar	NOUN	 guitar
It is probable that Q ' uq ' umatz was really the title of another ajpop mentioned in the sources, Kotuja ', and was actually the same individual. In the Título de los Señores de Totonicapán, an early Colonial era K ' iche ' document,	,	PUNCT	he	PRON	 he
(Flag manufacturers themselves may adopt alternative ratios, including 1: 2 or 2: 3). The ratio of the width of the bars of the saltire in relation to the width of the field is specified in heraldry in relation to shield width rather than flag	flag	NOUN	width	PROPN	 width
" New York audiences heard the work in the same year. Ravel's second ballet of 1912 was Adélaïde ou le langage des fleurs, danced to the score of Valses nobles et sentimentales, which opened at the Châtelet in April. Daphnis et Chloé opened at the	the	DET	same	ADJ	 same
These were previously used to great effect on Bulleid's Merchant Navy and West Country and Battle of Britain class designs. The Leader had a " dry lining " firebox; it was not surrounded on top and sides by a " jacket " of water as in normal	normal	ADJ	practice	NOUN	 practice
MD 18H is the designation for a 0.19 mile (0.31 km) section of Castle Marina Road between a right in / right out interchange (Exit 39A) with westbound US 50 and US 301 and the roundabout that serves as a terminus for both MD 18A and	and	CCONJ	MD	PROPN	 MD
He recalled: [There was] hardly anybody around who was playing at that time didn't play ' Boogie Chillen. ' That's just how heavy it was... I, for one, and many others [musicians] who would go out and play —	—	PUNCT	if	SCONJ	 if
In December 1846, Brunner commenced an expedition, accompanied by four Māori including Kehu, which began from Nelson. The party travelled down the Buller River and along the West Coast reaching as far south as Tititira Head, near Paringa before returning to Nelson via the Arahura	Arahura	PROPN	River	PROPN	 River
According to the United Kingdom Census 2001, Sheriff Hill has a population of 5,051 – 53% of whom are female, slightly above the national average, and 47% are male. 2.5% of the population are from a Black or other Minority Ethnic Group (	(	PUNCT	BME	PROPN	BME
When they find a food source, they communicate to other soldiers and a small force of workers starts to emerge. In the second phase, workers appear in large numbers at the site. The third phase is marked by a decrease in the number of soldiers present	present	ADJ	and	CCONJ	 and
Choding Khang is the hermitage located just behind the Great Assembly Hall (on the hill slope of Sera Utse). This is where Je Tsongkhapa meditated. The hermitage is accessed through a track where painted rock carvings of Tsongkhapa, Jamchen and Dharma Raja (the protector	protector	NOUN	)	PUNCT	)
Prior to her casting in Glee, Mays was already an established actress in both the television and film industry, but had little theatrical experience. In casting Glee, series creator Ryan Murphy sought actors who could identify with the rush of starring in theatrical roles. Auditioning	Auditioning	VERB	actors	NOUN	 actors
Produced by RedOne, the track was released as the album's third single in North America and Europe and the fourth single in Australia, New Zealand, and Sweden after " Eh, Eh (Nothing Else I Can Say) ". " LoveGame " was also	also	ADV	released	VERB	 released
For many years Fonda took ballet class to keep fit, but after fracturing her foot while filming The China Syndrome, she was no longer able to participate. To compensate, she began participating in aerobics and strengthening exercises under the direction of Leni Cazden. The Leni	Leni	PROPN	Workout	PROPN	 Workout
" Howbeit, neither mine host nor the postmaster are to be contented with kisses. " They proceeded into the Austrian Netherlands, an area corresponding roughly to present day Belgium and Luxembourg, where they arrived in the regional capital, Brussels, on 5 October. After	After	ADP	several	ADJ	 several
" Whitman had intense friendships with many men and boys throughout his life. Some biographers have suggested that he may not have actually engaged in sexual relationships with males, while others cite letters, journal entries, and other sources that they claim as proof of the sexual	sexual	ADJ	nature	NOUN	 nature
St. Peter's and is 125 by 55 feet (38 by 17 m). Before the church had been completed, this area had been filled with valuable material from the Mellon Mansion until the materials found their proper places in the upstairs of the church. By	By	ADP	winter	NOUN	 winter
After the final pit stops, Paul Menard became the leader of the race, but with less than fifty laps remaining, Biffle passed him. He maintained the first position to lead a total of sixty laps, and to win his second race of the season.	.	PUNCT	There	PRON	 There
(The MVP award was first given in 1931). The 40 year old Bonds also broke Willie Stargell's 25 year record as the oldest player to win a Most Valuable Player Award (Stargell, at 39 years, 8 months, was National League co MVP	MVP	PROPN	with	ADP	 with
Due to strong site fidelity, changes in weather and ice conditions are not always associated with narwhal movement toward open water and therefore more data is needed to determine how vulnerable narwhals are to future sea ice changes. Narwhals can also die of starvation, especially the young	young	ADJ	.	PUNCT	.
Rommel never returned to Normandy; implicated in the 20 July plot against Hitler, on 14 October he was forced to commit suicide. Caen's partial capture allowed General Omar Bradley, commander of the United States First Army, to accelerate his plans for a breakout.	.	PUNCT	Shortly	ADV	 Shortly
He won the opening prologue of the Vuelta to take an early lead. Despite Ocaña's best efforts, Merckx won a total of six stages on his way to his only Vuelta a España title. In addition to the general classification, Merckx won the race's	's	PART	points	NOUN	 points
In 1989, Jenner played herself in the comedy short Dirty Tennis written by James Van Patten. Jenner has appeared in a variety of game shows and reality television programs, including starring with Grits Gresham in an episode of ABC's The American Sportsman. The program features	features	VERB	Gresham	PROPN	 Gresham
A compilation CD box was released on March 28, 2007, titled Final Fantasy XI Original Soundtrack Premium Box, which included the four original soundtracks from Final Fantasy XI and its three expansion sets, as well as the previously unreleased tracks from the game and the unreleased	unreleased	ADJ	Final	PROPN	 Final
Yet in the midst of this torn and fissured surface we suddenly came on a magnificent circular floor, 42 ft in diameter, as level as water, and as smooth as a billiard table. Soon up to 95 blocks a day were arriving from Hynish, although	although	SCONJ	the	DET	 the
These faults began to slip during construction and emergency measures had to be taken to protect the tunnels and workers from cave ins and collapses. A total of nine workers were killed during the construction of both bores. Further complicating construction was that the boring machines could not	not	PART	work	VERB	 work
The area of low pressure preceding the development of Bertha produced rough surf and rip currents along the Florida coastline. In Perdido Key State Recreation Area, two children were swimming in an unguarded area when they swept away by the currents. Their grandfather attempted to rescue them	them	PRON	,	PUNCT	,
Renown also underwent a special refit at Malta from February to May 1900 to meet Fisher's requirements for her. This included the transfer of the main deck 12 pounders to the superstructure. The ship recommissioned on 19 November 1900, and served as flagship until Fisher ended	ended	VERB	his	PRON	 his
They beat New Zealand 5 – 2 in their first game at the World Cup, but lost 4 – 1 to a Brazil team containing Socrates, Zico, Eder and Falcão. Scotland were again eliminated on goal difference, after a 2 – 2 draw with the	the	DET	Soviet	PROPN	 Soviet
Opinions differ on who was the founder of modern ecological theory. Some mark Haeckel's definition as the beginning; others say it was Eugenius Warming with the writing of Oecology of Plants: An Introduction to the Study of Plant Communities (1895), or Carl Linnaeus	Linnaeus	PROPN	'	PART	 '
Modifications to the secondary battery were also outside the purview of the Washington Treaty. Included in initial plans was some protection against chemical shells which contained poisonous gas, although the General Board stated in the late 1920s that decontaminating a battleship hit with these shells would not be	be	AUX	possible	ADJ	 possible
Will and Vince D ' Angelo (Bobby Cannavale) have since reconciled, and are raising a son, Ben. Karen and Jack grow tired of the fact that Will and Grace are not speaking with each other, so they lure them to the same place and	and	CCONJ	force	VERB	 force
Forming on September 18, it became the 13th tropical storm and fourth hurricane of the year. The storm moved generally northwestward and steadily intensified despite only a marginally favorable environment for development, and became a Category 2 hurricane before making two landfalls on the Baja California peninsula	peninsula	NOUN	and	CCONJ	 and
Tracks were also nominated for awards in 2003 and 2004. In September 2004 the group issued their first live album, These Days: Live in Concert, initially as a CD and followed in October with a two disc DVD. One single, " Stumblin ' "	"	PUNCT	,	PUNCT	,
He gives the two their first Jiggy as a token of gratitude to help find them. Meanwhile, Gruntilda's sisters introduce her to a cannon called the " Big O Blaster " (B.O.B.) that can suck the life force from any given target. They test	test	VERB	B.O.B.	PROPN	 B.O.B.
It is the title track from her third studio album True Blue (1986), and was released as the album's third single on September 29, 1986 by Sire Records. Written and produced by Madonna and Steve Bray, the song deals with the feelings of	of	ADP	Madonna	PROPN	 Madonna
After these operations she returned to the United States. Beginning on 17 March 1986, Iowa underwent her overdue InSurv inspection. The inspection, which Iowa ultimately failed, was conducted under the supervision of Rear Admiral John D. Bulkeley. Bulkeley found that the ship was unable	unable	ADJ	to	PART	 to
In early 1982, the Trinity Broadcasting Network's Paul Crouch hosted a show with self described neuroscientist William Yarroll, who argued that rock stars were cooperating with the Church of Satan to place hidden subliminal messages on records. Also in 1982, fundamentalist Christian pastor Gary Greenwald	Greenwald	PROPN	held	VERB	 held
Daley's approval rating was at an all time low of 35% by late 2009. On September 7, 2010, Daley announced that he would not seek a seventh term. " I've always believed that every person, especially public officials, must understand when	when	SCONJ	it	PRON	 it
It consists of six songs all composed by Rubens and penned by Bhaskarabhatla, Kandikonda and Viswa. Rahul Kumar, mostly known as Roll Rida, rapped for the songs. The soundtrack was marketed by Aditya Music and was released on 28 January 2015 to positive reviews from	from	ADP	critics	NOUN	 critics
Immediately beneath the upper course are a series of small niches containing dynamic sculptures of the dead coming forth from their tombs on the Day of Judgement. Although naked, some of the dead are defined as royalty by their crowns and others as bishops by their mitres.	.	PUNCT	Some	PRON	 Some
The battle was a disaster: Ferguson was killed, and nearly his entire force was killed or captured. Kings Mountain was only about 35 miles (56 km) from Charlotte, within Cornwallis's range to assist. The defeat, combined with other failures to raise	raise	VERB	Loyalist	ADJ	 Loyalist
Under his ownership, the Drawing Room was redecorated in a Renaissance Venetian style, In the process, Crace's stencilling was over painted and then covered by damasked silk, the Norton fireplace was removed, the furniture replaced with Edwardian pieces, and the carpet dyed by	by	ADP	Sketchleys	PROPN	 Sketchleys
If the star's distance is known, its absolute (overall) luminosity can also be estimated. From the absolute luminosity and distance, the star's surface area and its radius can be calculated. Reasoning of this sort led to the realization, puzzling to astronomers	astronomers	NOUN	at	ADP	 at
He has also been compared to jazz drummer Dennis Chambers for his " quick hands, furious snare rolls, and crackling rimshots. " In general, he is one of the few hard rock drummers to combine a driving backbeat with jazz like flourishes. When asked about	about	ADP	his	PRON	 his
Koldun was 201 feet (61.3 m) long overall, with a beam of 46 feet (14.0 m) and a draft of 10.16 – 10.84 feet (3.1 – 3.3 m). She displaced 1,500 – 1,600 long tons (1,500 – 1,600 t),	,	PUNCT	and	CCONJ	 and
The electrical generating plant was said to put out 27,500 shaft horsepower (20,500 kW) for a cruising speed of 10 knots (19 km / h; 12 mph). GE called it one of the most important achievements of the scientific age and related it to	to	ADP	consumer	NOUN	 consumer
Prior to the broadcast of " 201 ", the radical Muslim organization Revolution Muslim posted a warning on their website that Parker and Stone risked being murdered for their depiction of Muhammad. Comedy Central modified Parker and Stone's version of the episode, obscuring all images and	and	CCONJ	bleeping	VERB	 bleeping
The government appointed Electrowatt Engineering Services of Zürich to oversee construction and eventually became responsible for the extension studies of future expansion projects. The line was test run in March 1984, and the first half of LRT 1, from Baclaran to Central Terminal, was opened on	on	ADP	December	PROPN	 December
Takeada also said other individuals were involved and were used to trace cels or paint cels as needed, but still credits Yamaga, Akai and Anno with the production itself. Filming was done by a camera on a tripod and frames were called out by Anno because the	the	DET	production	NOUN	 production
Their " heroic age " of martyrs, or " Era of Martyrs ", was held to begin with Diocletian's accession to the emperorship in 284, rather than 303, when persecutions actually began; they fabricated a large number of martyrs ' tales (indeed,	,	PUNCT	most	ADJ	 most
The entire central box truss section of the bridge known as the " High Girders " collapsed along with the thirteen trestles supporting it, leaving a gap of nearly half a mile in the 2 mile (3.2 km) long bridge. His reputation destroyed, Bouch died	died	VERB	in	ADP	 in
The forward conning tower had a forward face of 250 mm (9.8 in) that thinned down to 225 mm (8.9 in) on the aft section with a 100 millimeter (3.9 in) roof. Its controls and cable runs were protected by a 100 millimeter	millimeter	NOUN	(	PUNCT	 (
The larvae of a number of butterfly species feed on the foliage including the fiery jewel, icilius blue, lithocroa blue and wattle blue. Trichilogaster wasps form galls in the flowerheads, disrupting seed set and Acizzia acaciaepycnanthae, a psyllid, sucks sap from the leaves.	.	PUNCT	Acacia	PROPN	 Acacia
In addition, Auerbach was voted one of the NBA 10 Greatest Coaches in history, was inducted into the National Jewish Sports Hall of Fame, and is honored with a retired number 2 jersey in the TD Garden, the home of the Boston Celtics. Arnold Jacob	Jacob	PROPN	Auerbach	PROPN	 Auerbach
This judgement did not remove the potential for disputes, as ice could be washed downstream along rivers, resulting in arguments over the ownership of the displaced ice. In some states it was made illegal to damage the uncut ice belonging to another businessman, but arguments could	could	AUX	still	ADV	 still
The conflict led to the adoption of a muted resolution in favor of the fifteenth amendment, one which expressed disappointment that Congress had not offered the same privilege to women. The AERA could not hold together from the internal strife between these two positions. Heading the minority	minority	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
She was launched on 14 March 1888 and fitting out work was completed on 11 August 1889. In 1893, Monzambano was laid up in La Spezia for the year, along with several other torpedo cruisers of the Partenope class, her sister Goito, and Pietro Micca	Micca	PROPN	;	PUNCT	;
Old warehouses were razed, and new barracks, heads and galleys were erected in their place. US Navy support elements that arrived later also imported extra materials. US President George H. W. Bush visited the headquarters at the former embassy during his three day visit to Somalia	Somalia	PROPN	from	ADP	 from
By 1 January 1942, Bladin was serving as Assistant Chief of the Air Staff (Operations), charged with readying air bases and putting into effect plans for the Empire Air Training Scheme. He took over as Air Officer Commanding North Western Area (AOC NWA)	)	PUNCT	on	ADP	 on
He called Piper " a true and unending legend of Doctor Who " and stated that " her wise rendition of the Bad Wolf avatar made a passable stab at the stealing of the show ". Geoff Boucher of the Los Angeles Times named Rose the ninth best sidekick	sidekick	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
Also in the market place is The Shambles, a medieval market stall, although it has been much restored. Former HM Prison Shepton Mallet sometimes known as Cornhill, was built in 1610, is located close to the town centre, adjacent to the parish church.	.	PUNCT	On	ADP	 On
Biden had remained low in the opinion polls when compared to other candidates. A Rasmussen survey taken September 19 – 24 put him in fourth place among his Democratic opponents at 4%, trailing Hillary Clinton, Barack Obama, John Edwards. In the American Research Group	Group	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
On June 24, 2011, it was reported that Brulé had been traded along with a fourth round draft pick to the Los Angeles Kings in exchange for forward Ryan Smyth. Due to health concerns, the deal never materialized as Brulé had not yet been cleared to	to	PART	play	VERB	 play
No details are given of Othelake's career as Ireland King of Arms, although he certainly had a connection with Ireland as an officer of arms to the Earl of March in 1381. The historical evidence does not even make clear how long Othelake served in the position	position	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
After Meeker's death, the OTMA selected Howard R. Driggs, a professor of English education at New York University as his successor, and elected a new board of directors, which worked to clear the debt Meeker had accrued. Coins on hand continued to be sold	sold	VERB	.	PUNCT	.
In relation to ununtrium atoms, it lowers the 7s and the 7p electron energy levels (stabilizing the corresponding electrons), but two of the 7p electron energy levels are stabilized more than the other four. The stabilization of the 7s electrons is called the inert pair	pair	NOUN	effect	NOUN	 effect
Duc emerged from the car along with two other monks. One placed a cushion on the road while the second opened the trunk and took out a five gallon petrol can. As the marchers formed a circle around him, Duc calmly sat down in the traditional Buddhist	Buddhist	ADJ	meditative	ADJ	 meditative
SR 143 continues climbing southward, passing the northern edge of Cedar Breaks National Monument, a natural amphitheater canyon eroded out of the western edge of the plateau similarly to Bryce Canyon. Here, the route reaches its highest point at 10,626 feet (3,239 m) above	above	ADP	sea	NOUN	 sea
Jerome's conclusions have been challenged, but still form the basis of much work on the subject. Emigration patterns in the Nordic countries — Finland, Sweden, Norway, Denmark, and Iceland — show striking variation. Nordic mass emigration started in Norway, which also	also	ADV	retained	VERB	 retained
The first major discovery was the Kinsale Head gas field in 1971. Next was the smaller Ballycotton gas field in 1989, and the Corrib gas field in 1996. Exploitation of the Corrib project has yet to get off the ground because the controversial proposal to refine the	the	DET	gas	NOUN	 gas
By October 1940, the ship's anti aircraft armament was increased when the rear set of torpedo tubes was replaced by a 3 inch (76.2 mm) (12 pounder) AA gun and ' Y ' gun was removed to compensate for the additional depth charges added	added	VERB	.	PUNCT	.
New Super Mario Bros. features original music composed by Asuka Ohta and Hajime Wakai, under the direction of the original Super Mario Bros. composer, Koji Kondo, who also created the " Aboveground BGM ", the main theme for regular levels. The game's music dictates	dictates	VERB	gameplay	NOUN	 gameplay
In accordance to the new law, it would be a crime to print, publish, sale, to exhibit or organize or to help anyone organize any society, group or assembly of people whose intentions are to paralyze or destroy the insular government. Anyone accused and	and	CCONJ	found	VERB	 found
This caused the forward turrets and conning tower to collapse downward some 25 – 30 feet (7.6 – 9.1 m) and the foremast and funnel to collapse forward. The explosion killed 1,177 of the 1,512 crewmen on board at the time, over half of the lives	lives	NOUN	lost	VERB	 lost
The majority of nonmetals are colored or colorless insulating gases; nonmetals that form compounds with other nonmetals feature covalent bonding. In between metals and nonmetals are metalloids, which have intermediate or mixed properties. Metal and nonmetals can be further classified into subcategories that show a gradation	gradation	NOUN	from	ADP	 from
For example, in years when not a part of the national championship, the Rose Bowl still hosted the Big Ten and Pac 10 champions. The system continued to change, as the formula for ranking teams was tweaked from year to year. At large teams could	could	AUX	be	AUX	 be
Her outfits are available in the video games Gunslinger Stratos 2 and Star Ocean: Till the End of Time, and three of Rinoa's weapon (the Valkyrie, Cardinal and Shooting Star) are Ultimecia's exclusive weapons in Dissidia Final Fantasy. Laguna Loire (ラグナ	ラグナ	PROPN	・	PUNCT	 ・
The rebuilt station was completed on 5 July 1931. The station was rebuilt in 2003 by Railtrack. The 1931 built building was demolished and a new structure erected in its place. The station is 62 miles 33 chains (100.44 km) from Charing Cross via Orpington	Orpington	PROPN	.	PUNCT	.
He is the first Hispanic to the reach the rank of Commodore and to receive a promotion to Rear Admiral in retirement. Paul Powers Perez, class of 1945, was the first person born in the United States of Hispanic American descent to graduate from the academy.	.	PUNCT	He	PRON	 He
The book's first chapter focuses on Cook's " big questions " on Davies ' writing style, character development — using the Doctor Who character Donna Noble (Catherine Tate) and the Skins character Tony Stonem (Nicholas Hoult) as contrasting examples —, how he	he	PRON	formulated	VERB	 formulated
Typically there are five ocellae arranged symmetrically in a row of three and another of two; rays with 0 – 4 ocellae are less common, and those with more than five are rarer still. An unusual male with eight ocellae was caught off Tunisia, and another	another	PRON	with	ADP	 with
During this time it was based at Winnellie and took part in building defences in the north. Later, in December 1942, the 27th Battalion was transferred from the 3rd Brigade to the 23rd Brigade. This unit had previously been a 2nd AIF unit, but the	the	DET	loss	NOUN	 loss
Spider Man became the highest grossing superhero film of all time at the time of its release. It was eventually outgrossed in 2007 by Spider Man 3. In 2008, Spider Man 3 was outgrossed by The Dark Knight. In 2012, The Dark Knight was outgrossed	outgrossed	VERB	by	ADP	 by
It's an effect that makes you focus squarely on [Rihanna], who's ensconsced in flirty outfits. " According to Joyce Lee of CBS, Rihanna appeared to have progressed from the " edgy " music videos of the Rated R singles to a more feminine	feminine	ADJ	,	PUNCT	,
VanDerWerff also criticised the holy blood plot line, comparing it to other contemporary takes on the idea such as the computer game Gabriel Knight 3: Blood of the Sacred, Blood of the Damned. However, VanDerWerff felt that Cloke and Gallagher worked well on screen together	together	ADV	,	PUNCT	,
The county was also slow to pay Charles I's ship money which began to be levied (in defiance of the Parliament) on the inland counties in 1634 and saw much resistance. Open dissent against the King's decrees occurred in 1640 in objection to the levying	levying	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
" After watching the music video, Tim Nixon from The Sun called it " mouth watering ", and wrote " if she carries on churning out three and a half minute visual feasts like this, long may that continue... " The music video begins with several	several	ADJ	scenes	NOUN	 scenes
The special opens with a black and white introduction that sees Gaga ordering a cup of coffee from a New York convenience store before being escorted by security into a black SUV, where she reminisces about the many times she had been at the arena to watch other acts	acts	NOUN	perform	VERB	 perform
Countless acts — Mercury Rev, Cowboy Junkies, Wilco, the Waterboys — have since tried to get back to that place. " For Elvis Costello, The Basement Tapes " sound like they were made in a cardboard box. I think [Dylan] was trying	trying	VERB	to	PART	 to
Bowman opens the ship's emergency airlock manually, enters the ship, and proceeds to Hal's processor core. Hal tries to reassure Bowman, then pleads with him to stop, and finally expresses fear. As Bowman deactivates the circuits controlling HAL's higher intellectual functions	functions	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
Nick Heidfeld damaged his left front suspension in a crash early in the session. In the second practice session, Coulthard was fastest with a time of 1: 20.602, the quickest of the day. Michael Schumacher and Barrichello ended with the second and third quickest times	times	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
The only possible blends remaining after ruling out hierarchical triple stars was that of determining if the curve is caused by interference from a background star, or if it is indeed caused by the orbit of a transiting planet. Comparisons of KOI 072.02 to the 1235 other Kepler	Kepler	PROPN	Objects	PROPN	 Objects
By this time, her role in Russian war plans was to defend the Gulf of Riga against an anticipated German amphibious landing. In 1900, Admiral Spiridov was assigned to the Kronstadt Engineering School as a training ship. She was transferred to the Port of Kronstadt on	on	ADP	31	NUM	 31
Taraborrelli commented that " Many female artists behave like a diva for a period when they reach superstar status, and the ' Who's That Girl? ' tour marked the beginning of Madonna's. " The tour is also noted for giving rise to the term "	"	PUNCT	new	ADJ	 new
" Ostrow was complimentary of cast members Lisa Kudrow and David Schwimmer's performances. " Lisa Kudrow, as Phoebe, singer of truthful folk songs, continues to be a Friends highlight and David Schwimmer can carry off amusing, emotionally tinged moments even opposite a monkey.	.	PUNCT	"	PUNCT	 "
He graduated in 2001 from Lafayette High School in Wildwood. Freese recorded a Lafayette record.533 batting average and 23 home runs during his senior season. He was considered to be the best shortstop in the state. As a senior in high school, Freese was offered a	a	DET	scholarship	NOUN	 scholarship
The internal decorations were also updated with additions such as wall paintings and portraits. The sixth William succeeded his father in 1639 shortly before the English Civil War broke out. He was a Royalist, though said not to have been a particularly dedicated one. Many of	of	ADP	his	PRON	 his
It is situated on the Lemington Gut, a backwater of the River Tyne, at Lemington, 3.5 mi (5.6 km) west of Newcastle upon Tyne. The station's main building still stands today and is a rare example of an early power station, dating	dating	VERB	from	ADP	 from
Falling evaporating bodies may also be responsible for the presence of gas located high above the plane of the main debris disk. On November 21, 2008, it was announced that infrared observations made in 2003 with the Very Large Telescope had revealed a candidate planetary companion to	to	ADP	the	DET	 the
In a visit to the United States in December 1950, the British prime minister, Clement Attlee, had raised the fears of the British and other European governments that " General MacArthur was running the show. " Under Ridgway's command, the Eighth Army pressed north	north	NOUN	again	ADV	 again
The self immolation was later regarded as a turning point in the Buddhist crisis and a critical point in the collapse of the Diệm regime. Historian Seth Jacobs asserted that Duc had " reduced America's Diệm experiment to ashes as well " and that " no amount of	of	ADP	pleading	NOUN	 pleading
For the 2014 model year, only the 100% charge range figure applies. 2016 model year Nissan added more battery capacity which increased the range of the car on a full charge. A larger 30 kWh battery is featured on the SL and SV trims, and	and	CCONJ	the	DET	 the
After the 1948 season, in which Cleveland won all of its games and a third championship, Saban was named to two news outlets ' all AAFC teams. Saban came into his own as a linebacker in 1948. " Saban has been regarded as the best in	in	ADP	football	NOUN	 football
The price was too high and with the exception of sporadic attacks on convoys later in the year, the Ju 87 played no further part in the Battle of Britain. Among the dead was Gruppenkommandeur Hauptmann Herbert Meisel. The Bf 109s of JG 27 lost six fighters	fighters	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
The film received a limited theatrical release and was not widely seen. While filming Miss Julie in Ireland, the script of Christopher Nolan's science fiction film Interstellar (2014) was delivered to Chastain. With a production budget of $165 million, the high profile	profile	NOUN	production	NOUN	 production
The December 1940 issue of Poedjangga Baroe included comments from several other writers and literary critics, including Alisjahbana, HB Jassin, Karim Halim, and S. Djojopoespito. Alisjahbana wrote that the novel was fatalistic and defeatist, as he felt it did not portray the freedom of	of	ADP	spirit	NOUN	 spirit
The intro is followed by the singer recording vocals with music director Stuart Price and auditioning dancers for the Re Invention World Tour. After the first show of the tour at The Forum in Inglewood, California, Madonna attends a party with her dancers celebrating the success of	of	ADP	the	DET	 the
In the case of the small toothed sportive lemur, the population at Kalambatritra Reserve became known as Wright's sportive lemur (Lepilemur wrightae), the population as Andohahela National Park became Fleurete's sportive lemur (L. fleuretae), the population in Fandriana became Betsileo sportive	sportive	ADJ	lemur	ADJ	 lemur
Scores in Varsity are typically lower than those in Scholastic, and those in Scholastic are typically lower than those in Honors. There are four official levels of competition: local / scrimmage, regional, state, and national (Rounds 1, 2, 3, and	and	CCONJ	4	NUM	 4
Pinnacles of snow intolerably bright, part of the chain connected with Mont Blanc, shone through the clouds at intervals on high. I never knew — I never imagined what mountains were before. The immensity of these serial summits excited, when they suddenly burst upon the	the	DET	sight	NOUN	 sight
Although the finale was a success for the night, it was a 1% decrease from season five's finale, but served as the season's second most viewed episode. Overall, the season ranked at # 17 for the year, and had an average of	of	ADP	13.26	NUM	 13.26
The private line was built with 1,067 mm (3 ft 6 in) narrow gauge and was not connected to the national railway network. The line opened on 4 June 1896, and remained in use until 15 June 1953. It was built to carry lumber,	,	PUNCT	but	CCONJ	 but
Although known for large size, many Mesozoic dinosaurs were human sized or smaller, and modern birds are generally small in size. Dinosaurs today inhabit every continent, and fossils show that they had achieved global distribution by at least the early Jurassic period. Modern birds inhabit	inhabit	VERB	most	ADV	 most
Each cadential six measure phrase is constructed using a change of meter on the fourth measure and uses a I – IV – V – VI chord progression. G major and C major chords are played for one and two 4 / 4 measures respectively. André 3000 then	then	ADV	uses	VERB	 uses
At Slammiversary XIII, Kong once again teamed with Brooke to defeat The Dollhouse in a 3 on 2 handicap match. Kong and Brooke received their three way championship match on the July 1 episode of Impact Wrestling, in which Terrell retained the title. In mid –	–	PUNCT	August	PROPN	 August
Lees Ferry demarcates the boundary between the Upper and Lower Basins of the Colorado River; the states which make up each basin are legally allocated one half of the river's natural flow. Glen Canyon Dam impounds the Colorado a short distance upstream and completely regulates the river	river	NOUN	flow	NOUN	 flow
After this period this poetry seems to have been forgotten in Wales for centuries until Evan Evans (Ieuan Fardd) discovered the manuscript in the late 18th century. From the early 19th century onwards there are many allusions in Welsh poetry. In English, Y Gododdin was	was	AUX	a	DET	 a
Fluor built the first " Buddha Tower " in 1921 in Signal Hill, California for the Industrial Fuel Supply Company. The Buddha Tower was a design of water cooling tower named after the Buddha temples they resemble. The following year Fluor was awarded a contract by Richfield	Richfield	PROPN	Oil	PROPN	 Oil
As war with Spain threatened, warships lying in ordinary began to be commissioned and fitted for sea. Bellerophon's first commander, Captain Thomas Pasley, arrived on 19 July and began the process of preparing her for service. After a month spent fitting out the ship	ship	NOUN	with	ADP	 with
Although their contribution to the islands can still be found in personal and placenames, the archaeological record of the Norse period is very limited. The best known find from this time is the Lewis chessmen, which date from the mid 12th century. As the Norse era	era	NOUN	drew	VERB	 drew
Up to three quarters of cases are accompanied by other chest injuries, the most common of these being hemothorax and pneumothorax. Flail chest is usually associated with significant pulmonary contusion, and the contusion, rather than the chest wall injury, is often the main cause of	of	ADP	respiratory	ADJ	 respiratory
I think what drives him is the thrill of the search. " Marshall Green contrasted Holloway with Shaw, and said: " she's the believer. I'm the scientist. I'm the skeptic. I'm the atheist ". Sean Harris portrays Fifield,	,	PUNCT	a	DET	 a
The base faces the most northerly setting of Venus. Additionally the pillars of a stylobate on the building's upper platform were painted black and red. These are colours associated with Venus as an evening and morning star. However the windows in the tower seem to have	have	AUX	been	AUX	 been
He finished the tournament with seven points in eight games, including two goals in a 10 – 3 defeat over Canada in the final round. The Americans won their first U18 title, with Kesler being awarded the Best Player Award for the tournament. Later that year	year	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
The cameo marked her first high profile public performance since her ongoing legal battle with Dr. Luke. A studio version of the collaboration was released as a single on April 29, 2016. Kesha covered Bob Dylan's song " It Ain't Me Babe " at the	the	DET	2016	NUM	 2016
The plot revolves around a little girl who plays in a dreamland where she learns how to make the impossible possible. It will be shown on Netflix around September – November 2016. The Wiz: In a collaboration with NBC, Cirque du Soleil will help produce both	both	CCONJ	a	DET	 a
These visitations were serious affairs, and many individuals were charged and heavily fined for breaking the law of arms. Hundreds of these visitations were carried out well into the 17th century; the last was in 1686. The College found a patroness in Mary I, although	although	SCONJ	it	PRON	 it
In the Sandmeyer reaction. Treatment of an arenediazonium salt with CuCl leads to an aryl chloride, for example: The reaction has wide scope and usually gives good yields. Early investigators observed that copper (I) halides catalyse 1,4 addition of Grignard reagents to alpha,	,	PUNCT	beta	ADJ	 beta
A contributor from Variety reported that Community, an NBC show that airs at 8: 00 p.m., and 30 Rock " held up nicely " in their respective timeslots and that the two programs " were up over last year's opening Thursday hour for NBC in premiere	premiere	ADJ	week	NOUN	 week
He also felt that the theme song " Why " was " generic " and " bland ". Sophia Tong of IGN described the album as a " mixed bag ", stating that some of the arrangements and new tracks were " fantastic " while others were "	"	PUNCT	not	PART	 not
On 7 August, the ship again took Jellicoe to Cromarty for another meeting, this time with the Prime Minister, H. H. Asquith. Iron Duke was back in Scapa Flow by 16 August. On 2 – 5 September, the fleet went on another cruise in	in	ADP	the	DET	 the
It was released on June 18, 2014 when Williams appeared on Good Morning America. The clip depicts the three singers at a street party, dancing and singing with a crowd; along with solo appearances of each singer in a forest, wearing white clothes during their	their	PRON	respective	ADJ	 respective
Robert Shearman and Lars Pearson, in their book Wanting to Believe: A Critical Guide to The X Files, Millennium & The Lone Gunmen, rated " Powers, Principalities, Thrones and Dominions " four stars out of five, describing it as being " surprising,	,	PUNCT	intriguing	ADJ	 intriguing
In the months following Surfer Rosa, the Pixies ' management fielded calls from a number of labels. Elektra Records A & R scout Peter Lubin first saw the band in October 1988, when they opened for The Jesus and Mary Chain. He immediately sought to convince	convince	VERB	the	DET	 the
He was an experienced newspaperman employed by The New York Evening World while writing scripts for the Thanhouser productions. The film director is unknown, but it may have been Barry O'Neil. Film historian Q. David Bowers does not attribute a cameraman for this production, but at	at	ADV	least	ADV	 least
Mark Lawson for The Independent wrote that Windsor's casting was intended to combat low ratings, commenting: " The Windsor initiative seems to be a direct response to suggestions that EastEnders has become too gloomy: a view heavily advanced by Roy Hattersley, former deputy leader of	of	ADP	the	DET	 the
The same day after reading it, I set off to Singapore. On 2 February 1942, I led some members of the local militia to the Volunteer Army headquarters. During this time, many patriotic young men who were untrained in military skills, streamed into Singapore	Singapore	PROPN	.	PUNCT	.
LaMotta had lost by knockout to Billy Fox earlier in his career. However, that fight was later ruled to have been fixed and LaMotta was sanctioned for letting Fox win. That bout, and some of the other bouts in the six fight Robinson LaMotta rivalry,	,	PUNCT	was	AUX	 was
The dish is also garnished with cooked pine nuts and almonds. The classic form of eating mansaf is using the right hand as a utensil. For politeness, participants in the feast tear pieces of meat to hand to the person next to them. In addition to	to	ADP	meals	NOUN	 meals
Carrere, Ho and Stillman claimed to have faced " serious consequences for the reception of [their] work and success " by being nominated, since all three lived and worked outside of Hawaii. Ho had been specifically targeted for residing in Los Angeles and participating in	in	ADP	various	ADJ	 various
" When asked by Ross Reynolds of National Public Radio affiliate KUOW FM why the Arbitration decision included a " ban on IP addresses at the Church of Scientology ", Walsh answered, " So the simple answer is that within looking at these computers and where these edits	edits	NOUN	were	AUX	 were
New York State gained control of the road in 1909. The NY 28N designation was assigned as part of the 1930 renumbering of state highways in New York, incorporating part of pre 1930 NY 10. NY 28N begins at the intersection with NY 28 and NY 30	30	NUM	near	ADP	 near
While there is no scholarly consensus as to when the Games officially ended, the most commonly held date is 393 AD, when the emperor Theodosius I decreed that all pagan cults and practices be eliminated. Another date commonly cited is 426 AD, when his successor,	,	PUNCT	Theodosius	PROPN	 Theodosius
Thucydides, History of the Peloponnesian War Xenophon, Anabasis, Hellenica Plutarch, Parallel Lives; Themistocles, Aristides, Pericles, Cimon Diodorus Siculus, Bibliotheca historica Cornelius Nepos, Lives of the Eminent Commanders; Miltiades, Themistocles Boardman J; Bury JB; Cook SA;	;	PUNCT	Adcock	PROPN	 Adcock
Rhys later decides to see his father. During Sonya and Toadie's wedding reception, a gas bottle explodes destroying the marquee. Rhys is initially trapped inside, but he manages to pull himself out. He suffers some minor injuries and broken ribs. Elaine comes to	to	PART	see	VERB	 see
The undertaker removed the lid to expose Fanny's corpse, " and a very awful shocking sight it was ". For Moore this was too much and he published his retraction: In justice to the person, whose reputation has been attacked in a most gross manner	manner	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
Preliminary astrometric measurements in 2001 suggested the orbit of 16 Cygni Bb may be highly inclined with respect to our line of sight (at around 173°). This would mean the object's mass may be around 14 MJ; the dividing line between planets and brown	brown	ADJ	dwarfs	NOUN	 dwarfs
For Plains people the Plains hide painting tradition painted images onto tipis, shields, and other animal hide objects. The history of European style heraldry in Canada began with the raising of the Royal Arms of France by French explorer Jacques Cartier in 1534, when he landed	landed	VERB	on	ADP	 on
After graduating from high school, Moynahan pursued a modeling career despite admitting she had never read fashion magazines growing up. She had accompanied a friend to a modeling audition in Springfield, Massachusetts, and was signed by the modeling agency instead of her friend. She began	began	VERB	her	PRON	 her
In mid June he was moved from intensive care into a rehabilitation ward. By 16 June 2014, Schumacher had regained consciousness and left Grenoble Hospital for further rehabilitation at the University Hospital (CHUV) in Lausanne, Switzerland. On 9 September 2014, Schumacher left CHUV	CHUV	NOUN	and	CCONJ	 and
In common with the other main island chains of Scotland, many of the more remote islands were abandoned during the 19th and 20th centuries, in some cases after continuous habitation since the prehistoric period. More than 35 such islands have been identified in the Outer Hebrides alone	alone	ADV	.	PUNCT	.
Noting the apparent lack of recipes for this salve in the witch trial records, Duerr posits the view that the Christian authorities intentionally covered up the existence of hallucinogenic ointments, fearing that their existence would cast doubt on various aspects of the witches ' accounts, including their	their	PRON	alleged	VERB	 alleged
The River Hull was a good haven for shipping, whose trade included the export of wool from Meaux abbey. In 1293 the town was acquired from the abbey by King Edward I, who on 1 April 1299 granted it a royal charter that renamed the settlement King	King	PROPN	's	PART	's
He muses that Pinker, after being struck by lightning, must have developed the ability to pass through solid objects. Scully argues that Pinker can not possibly defy the laws of chemistry. Evidence leads the agents to track down the lady who was upset over Pinker's	's	PART	death	NOUN	 death
In this style, Douglas was influenced by the architects Nesfield and Shaw. Douglas also used vernacular elements from the continent, especially the late medieval brickwork of Germany and the Low Countries. A characteristic of Douglas's work is his attention to both external and internal detailing	detailing	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
The rainfall led to flooding across the central portion of the state, with 45 flash flood warnings issued by the Raleigh National Weather Service. Police and firefighters in Wake County performed 47 water rescues. Additionally, the Raleigh Wake 9 1 1 center received more than 1,076	1,076	NUM	calls	NOUN	 calls
The flag is broken in blue and white. Between 1939 and 1958, a different coat of Arms and flag were used, which the population criticized; it consisted of a golden shield, covered by a red net, the sea and a black Poveiro boat;	;	PUNCT	the	DET	 the
Following the outbreak of World War II on 3 September 1939, the Australian government announced the decision to raise the all volunteer Second Australian Imperial Force (2nd AIF), since the Defence Act precluded sending Australia's part time military forces overseas. As part of the	the	DET	force	NOUN	 force
Like their Muslim counterparts in Spain, the Arab conquerors of Sicily introduced a wide variety of new sweets and desserts that eventually found their way to the rest of Europe. Just like Montpellier, Sicily was once famous for its comfits, nougat candy (torrone, or	or	CCONJ	turrón	NOUN	 turrón
He was Commissioner of Highways in Minnesota from 1961 to 1965. James Creel Marshall was born in Plattsburg, Missouri, on 14 October 1897, the son of Walter Scott Marshall and his wife Cora Sutphen née Creel. He was appointed to the United States Military Academy	Academy	PROPN	at	ADP	 at
Each office would be governed in a manner similar to the mints, with a superintendent in charge and two subordinate officers: an Assayer and a Melter and Refiner. Sections 61 to 64 forbade counterfeiting, intentional lightening of coins to secure metal, and other offenses,	,	PUNCT	and	CCONJ	 and
While reviews of the movie version of E.T. were highly positive, the game was negatively received by critics, with common complaints focused on the plot, gameplay, and visuals. New York magazine's Nicholas Pileggi described it as a loser when compared to other games Atari	Atari	PROPN	could	AUX	 could
Tierney was one of three children, along with his brother Michael A. and sister Catherine. His father was of Irish descent and his mother was of half French Canadian and half Irish ancestry. He moved with his family to his grandmother's home when he was five	five	NUM	years	NOUN	 years
An ardent Welsh nationalist who learnt to speak Welsh, his poetry was based on his religious faith. In 1995 he was nominated for the Nobel Prize in Literature, and he was widely regarded as the best religious poet of his time. The subject of one of	of	ADP	Thomas	PROPN	 Thomas
In deciding on the extent to which you will be able to carry out safely the policy, you will be guided by the fact that an increase in the forces now at your disposal, is improbable. The claim that " [f] rom then on to	to	ADP	the	DET	 the
" Nintendo Power criticized how little the game had changed stating that " the theme remains the same as the Game Boy and NES Mega Man titles. " The game's title initially proved a source of some confusion; the gaming media reported that many gamers mistook the	the	DET	"	PUNCT	 "
But, as of 2016, ECS is closed, due to zero student enrollment. The school offers Integrated French for all grades. DMHS teaches grades seven through 12. There was 174 students enrolled in the school in 2015. The school was built in 1963.	.	PUNCT	Since	SCONJ	 Since
It is worthy of note, however, that the arms bear the red white red flag of Austria, the opponent of Italian unification. In 1859, the Granducato officially ceased to exist, being joined to the Duchies of Modena and Parma to form the United Provinces	Provinces	PROPN	of	ADP	 of
The original length of Highway 80 was 13.9 mi (22.4 km). However, this winding route proved to be too dangerous and difficult for the explosion of vehicle traffic that occurred after World War II. Alvinston was originally reliant on the Canada Southern Railroad, which	which	PRON	was	AUX	 was
Setting sail, they are joined by the police detectives Thomson and Thompson and soon discover that Calculus has stowed away on board, bringing his submarine with him. When they reach the coordinates shown on the parchments, there is no wreckage in sight. Frustrated, Haddock	Haddock	PROPN	ponders	NOUN	 ponders
Bostwick was used in both the centre of defence and the centre of midfield during the first half of the 2008 – 09 season, as well as playing at full back in the club's 1 – 0 defeat to Kettering Town in September 2008. Bostwick provided the	the	DET	assist	NOUN	 assist
In his early appearances, he is seen in the offices of Section Chief Scott Blevins and Assistant Director Walter Skinner, Mulder and his partner Dana Scully's supervisors. An influential man working for the powers that be, he is a key member in a government conspiracy	conspiracy	NOUN	known	VERB	 known
Its usage is often highly stigmatized, and it may be used as a marker of low socio economic or regional status or education level. Its use is generally considered non standard by dictionaries and style guides except when used for rhetorical effect, and it is rarely found	found	VERB	in	ADP	 in
William Adam, the foremost Scottish architect of his time, designed and built numerous country houses and public buildings. Among his best known works are Hopetoun House near Edinburgh, and Duff House in Banff. His individual, exuberant, style was built on the Palladian style	style	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
Considering the film to be a " weird, twisted, sarcastic thing, " Elfman decided to make a guitar based soundtrack, with the " nastiest sounds " and a " heavy metal approach. " This included a rock song written and performed by Elfman, "	"	PUNCT	The	DET	 The
Powell's trial proceeded immediately after Unwin's, and his testimony contradicted much of what Unwin had said. Powell claimed that Unwin had put the list of names on the pamphlet, and that Powell had expected that it would list organizations rather than individuals. Ives found	found	VERB	Unwin	PROPN	 Unwin
Many of his field studies took place in Africa, where he was especially interested in the Nile crocodile, the evolution of pattern and colour in animals. During the Second World War, Cott worked as a camouflage expert for the British Army and helped to influence War	War	PROPN	Office	PROPN	 Office
Early in its duration, Pongsona first affected Pohnpei as a tropical storm. There, it produced heavy rains and gusty winds, though little damage was reported. Later, it brought tropical storm force winds to Chuuk. High waves from the storm washed over and covered	covered	VERB	some	DET	 some
Although Angelou journeys to many places in the book, the most important journey she describes is " a voyage into the self ". Angelou's primary role in Singin ' and Swingin ' and Gettin ' Merry Like Christmas was stage performer, but in The Heart of	of	ADP	a	DET	 a
After playing in some friendly matches with Red Bull Salzburg during the winter break, he made his league debut for the club on 23 February 2008, in a 3 – 1 away defeat from Austria Wien, as he replaced Alexander Zickler in the 52nd minute. Ngwat	Ngwat	PROPN	Mahop	PROPN	 Mahop
Some bathhouses have areas designed to facilitate impersonal sex. These areas – rooms or hallways – are illuminated only by a (dim) red exit sign. It is possible to have sex, but not to see with whom. Other bathhouses, such as the Continental	Continental	PROPN	Baths	PROPN	 Baths
New genes can be generated from an ancestral gene when a duplicate copy mutates and acquires a new function. This process is easier once a gene has been duplicated because it increases the redundancy of the system; one gene in the pair can acquire a new function while	while	SCONJ	the	DET	 the
Both rivers travel towards Sambava and drain into the Indian Ocean. Marojejy is connected to the Anjanaharibe Sud Special Reserve by the Betaolana corridor, a narrow mid elevation strip of forest extending west and slightly south. As with the rest of Madagascar, the rocks of Marojejy	Marojejy	PROPN	National	PROPN	 National
In a study in the Forest of Ae, south west Scotland, it was found that 21% of nestlings over two days old died, with the causes of death being starvation, wet weather, predation and desertion by the parents. The parasite Leucocytozoon toddi can	can	AUX	be	AUX	 be
But Naruto learns that sage mode heals things much quicker therefore he can use the Rasenshuriken as it will quickley heal his arm. The Rasenshuriken's flaw is removed and the damage is greatly increased to the point of cutting through rocky mountains and momentarily stun beings like Kurama	Kurama	PROPN	.	PUNCT	.
It is likely that the compiler was one of Baldwin's clerks, and that this testified to Baldwin's continuing interest in canon law. The manuscript itself was likely owned either by Baldwin himself or a member of his household. The historian Frank Barlow stated that Baldwin	Baldwin	PROPN	was	AUX	 was
" The San Francisco Chronicle's Tim Goodman echoed this praise and referred to " Gay Tom " as " a unique and funny twist ". Cynthia Littleton of Variety wrote that " Perrineau plays it just right most of the time — no hysterics or scenery chewing,	,	PUNCT	just	ADV	 just
Henri turned eastward on September 19 and weakened to tropical depression status. It failed to regain significant convection, and it turned northeastward along an extended cold front. On September 24, Henri merged with the frontal trough in the northeastern Gulf of Mexico. Hurricane Henri was	was	AUX	one	NUM	 one
Having lived a good and adventurous life, he happily accepts his fate rather than trying to fight it like he always does. When the last day came, Constantine was ambushed and shot in his own home right in front of a horrified Epiphany. After he died	died	VERB	,	PUNCT	,
Upon release, MTV Unplugged received universal acclaim from music critics, many of whom complimented the band's musicianship and the album's production. Commercially, it debuted at number 76 on the Billboard 200 and experienced moderate success in some international markets. Thirty Seconds to Mars	Mars	PROPN	recorded	VERB	 recorded
" On 1 September 1939 Nazi Germany invaded Poland, starting World War II in Europe, and subsequently made Zaolzie part of the Military district of Upper Silesia. On 26 October 1939 Nazi Germany unilaterally annexed Zaolzie as part of Landkreis Teschen. During the war, strong	strong	ADJ	Germanization	PROPN	 Germanization
They decide to write their own offensive novel, The Tale of Scrotie McBoogerballs (which they originally called The Tale of Scrotie McDickinass), with the intention of disgusting as many people as possible. Later, Stan's parents find the first draft and read it.	.	PUNCT	They	PRON	 They
The dealer that exported these dolphins has stated that they intend to release their 17 remaining dolphins back into the wild in the future. In 2015 the tourism minister visited Bita ' ama community and announced the government would financially support the development of eco tourism dolphin swimming if	if	SCONJ	they	PRON	 they
Insomniac believed that one of the key processes in the development process was the rigorous testing. Working closely with Sony and listening to fans of the Ratchet and Clank series, they gathered feedback and made improvements to the game. They felt that they had created a game	game	NOUN	that	PRON	 that
The accompanying music video for " Slow " was directed by Baillie Walsh and choreographed by Michael Rooney. The video was shot in Barcelona, Spain, and begins with a scene of a man diving into the Piscina Municipal de Montjuïc swimming pool and coming out of its	its	PRON	edge	NOUN	 edge
In 1561, Johannes Brenz published a work defending such a view, and Vermigli's friends convinced him to write a response. The result, the Dialogue on the Two Natures in Christ, was a written in the form of a dialogue between Orothetes (" Boundary	Boundary	PROPN	Setter	PROPN	 Setter
It begins with the fall of the Hindu Vijayanagara Empire in 1565 and ends just before the rise of Sultan Haidar Ali in 1761. At the height of the Vijayanagara Empire (1350 – 1565), the Mysore and Coorg region was ruled by motley chieftains, or	or	CCONJ	rajas	NOUN	 rajas
Founded in 1903 or 1904, though tracing its roots back to 1857, it is the oldest Orthodox congregation in the New Orleans region. Originally located on Carondelet Street in New Orleans ' Central City, it constructed and moved to a building at 7000 Canal Boulevard in	in	ADP	Lakeview	PROPN	 Lakeview
The original television broadcast of the episode was immediately preceded by a clip show titled " Lost: Past, Present & Future ". Don Williams of BuddyTV dubbed " The Beginning of the End " " the most anticipated season premiere of the year ". It was	was	AUX	watched	VERB	 watched
After several performances the group left the Dutch East Indies, but Van Kinsbergen decided to stay there. He became interested in the new medium of photography, particularly in using the albumen print technique. He opened the first albumen print processing shop in Batavia. In 1862	1862	NUM	,	PUNCT	,
Collingwood, who scored 145 runs, and Ian Bell, who added 84 runs, increased the run rate during the second day to propel England to 599 for 6, at which point they declared, half an hour before the tea interval. England took advantage of	of	ADP	bowling	NOUN	 bowling
The best locations for solar parks in terms of land use are held to be brown field sites, or where there is no other valuable land use. Even in cultivated areas, a significant proportion of the site of a solar farm can also be devoted to other	other	ADJ	productive	ADJ	 productive
S. formosa forages from about the middle to the apex of tall trees, exploring the trunks and epiphyte covered branches (lichens, mosses, orchids), for small insects, but also prospect on outermost branches. In Laos, individuals were observed feeding while perched on	on	ADP	the	DET	 the
In 1864, the Bhutanese rulers and the British signed the Treaty of Sinchula that ceded the passes leading through the hills and Kalimpong to the British. Further discord between Sikkim and the British resulted in a war, culminating in the signing of a treaty and the annexation	annexation	NOUN	by	ADP	 by
Combat takes place in real time, but the player can pause the game at any time to calmly target enemies and select different powers for the squad members to use. Unlike most of the missions, Arrival introduces a new assignment that involves Shepard to fight solo almost	almost	ADV	the	DET	 the
Nevertheless, Oldenburg appointed Kulikovsky as an aide de camp, and allowed him to live in the same residence as Oldenburg and the Grand Duchess on Sergievskaya Street. The relationship between Kulikovsky and the Grand Duchess was not public, but gossip about their romance spread through society	society	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
The 2,100 men who volunteered were organized into a brigade of five regiments under Brigadier General Samuel Whiteside. Among the militiamen was 23 year old Abraham Lincoln, who was elected captain of his company. After Atkinson's arrival at Rock Island on April 12, 1832,	,	PUNCT	he	PRON	 he
In United States v. Valenzuela Bernal (1982), the Court held that an argument by the government that it had an interest in deporting illegal aliens (some witnesses in the case) outweighed the defendant's right to " eye witness testimony ". Additionally, in	in	ADP	Taylor	PROPN	 Taylor
Calhoun thus became the second of two vice presidents to serve under two different presidents, the other being George Clinton, who served as Vice President from 1805 to 1812 under Thomas Jefferson and James Madison. However, Calhoun's service under Jackson also proved contentious due largely	largely	ADV	to	ADP	 to
It was sometimes known as the " homing stone ". Gerald said that Hugh d'Avranches, 1st Earl of Chester (who died in 1101) had tested this story by throwing the stone into the sea, chained to a large rock, only to discover that the	the	DET	stone	NOUN	 stone
It was originally established in the late Victorian era and was formerly joined with the neighbouring Herne Bay Infant school. In 2006, Herne Bay Junior School's Key Stage 2 results ranked 139th out of Kent's 386 state primary schools. There is one smaller primary school	school	NOUN	in	ADP	 in
A racially motivated attack on local worker Altab Ali near Whitechapel Road in May 1978 was a significant event for the local Asian community, and his life is now commemorated in Altab Ali Park at the western end of the road, which was built on the former St	St	PROPN	Mary	PROPN	 Mary
There, the hairs are dark gray at their bases and white at the tips, so that the fur appears grayish white. The fur is shorter and darker than in T. talamancae and softer and thicker than in H. alfaroi. Young animals have darker, finer,	,	PUNCT	and	CCONJ	 and
Conan's Mature rating from the Entertainment Software Rating Board, largely due to its violent content, made the game a target for a law being pushed in California, United States. Proposed in 2005, the law was intended to regulate sales of Mature rated games.	.	PUNCT	It	PRON	 It
The hospital scenes were filmed on the same sets used for the ABC show Grey's Anatomy. Despite not being mentioned in the official press release, then 15 year old Malcolm David Kelley returned to reprise his role as 10 year old Walt Lloyd, and received credit	credit	NOUN	as	ADP	 as
In January 1907, he wrote to Lancashire to inform them of his reduced availability for 1907; even so, the committee retained him as captain. In February, Ranjitsinhji was named as the new ruler of Nawanagar. MacLaren attended his installation on 11 March — MacLaren	MacLaren	PROPN	and	CCONJ	 and
Even as early as the 14th century, the area traded in unprocessed wool. There was a number of skilled hand spinners and weavers in the area. By the 1780s, inventors such as Richard Arkwright developed machinery to produce textiles more quickly and to a higher standard	standard	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
The highest ranking body of the ACWF is the National Congress of Women which meets every five years. The National Congress Women studies reports sent to them from the Executive Committee of the ACWF, decide the goals for the women ’ s movements, make changes to the	the	DET	constitution	NOUN	 constitution
The Byzantine imperial army moved out from Antioch and Northern Syria sometime in the middle of June 636. The Byzantine imperial army was to operate under the following plan: Jabalah's lightly armed Christian Arabs would march to Emesa from Aleppo via Hama and hold the main Muslim	Muslim	ADJ	army	NOUN	 army
In the wake of the Oslo Accords the US finally agreed to supply the IAF with the F 15E Strike Eagle, and 69 Squadron was disbanded in early 1994 in expectation of its re equipment with the new aircraft. Four Israeli airmen, led by future squadron leader	leader	NOUN	Dror	PROPN	 Dror
A white dwarf star in a close binary system can accumulate material from its companion until it ignites and blows off in a thermonuclear explosion, known as a nova. These stars generally brighten by 7 to 16 magnitudes. Nova Circini 1926, also known as X Circini	Circini	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
Chakrapong abstained from playing an active role in the party to avoid renewing tensions with his brother, and focused on his business career. In April 2001, Chakrapong shared the idea of forming a new party with Funcinpec party members. In May 2002, Chakrapong launched the	the	DET	Khmer	PROPN	 Khmer
" Pavor Nocturnus " came early in the development of the season, as Kindler wanted to show an episode about Magnus ' work going " horribly wrong, " and explore the opportunity to have the heroes warned that their work has consequences. Described as the " darkest	darkest	ADJ	,	PUNCT	,
Her name is identical to Jacqueline Kennedy Onassis ' maiden name, a reference made to Marge when Lisa wanted to follow the maiden name after uncovering Homer's betting scandal on " Homer and Lisa Exchange Cross Words ". Clancy Bouvier, voiced by Harry Shearer, is	is	AUX	the	DET	 the
San Francisco Bay Ferry operates from the Ferry Building and Pier 39 to points in Oakland, Alameda, Bay Farm Island, South San Francisco, and north to Vallejo in Solano County. The Golden Gate Ferry is the other ferry operator with service between San Francisco and	and	CCONJ	Marin	PROPN	 Marin
Seara's support for Macedonski's cosmopolitanism earned Karnabatt criticism from the anti Symbolist Transylvanians. During spring 1913, Cantacuzino formally liquidated his business, and Bogdan Pitești was officially installed as manager of Seara. According to the rival satirical magazine Furnica, although Seara was " stillborn	stillborn	ADJ	"	PUNCT	 "
It is a film adaptation of the eponymous 1922 Broadway play by Elmer Rice, itself based on a novel by Hayden Talbot. The film depicts the story of Ruth Allen (Palma), who marries Justin Victor (Heyes) over competing suitor Albert Woodruff (Hohl	Hohl	PROPN	)	PUNCT	)
St. Louis produced several notable soldiers in the war, including Edward O'Hare, who grew up in St. Louis and won the Medal of Honor for combat in the Pacific. St. Louis also was home to Wendell O. Pruitt, an African American pilot who shot down three	three	NUM	enemy	NOUN	 enemy
Odell Beckham, Jr. then returned the kickoff that ensued 82 yards to the Crimson Tide 18 yard line. However, the offense was unable to capitalize on the good field position as the Alabama defense forced a turnover on downs. The Crimson Tide then drove 78 yards	yards	NOUN	in	ADP	 in
In his later years Andersen became involved in speaking about children's rights and correctional institutions. He called the institutions for maladjusted youths " schools for criminals ", and said that the loss and suffering of institutionalization naturally lead youths to crime, using his own life as	as	ADP	an	DET	 an
Telephantasm: A Retrospective, a new Soundgarden compilation album, was packaged with initial shipments of the Guitar Hero: Warriors of Rock video game and released on September 28, 2010, one week before the CD's availability in stores on October 5, 2010. An	An	DET	expanded	VERB	 expanded
As the young offspring grow and become free swimming fry, the parental activities are distributed more equally between the parents, which appears to be typical behavior in other types of cichlids as well. The different ways in which this biparental sex role specialization can be influenced was	was	AUX	studied	VERB	 studied
When Mildred dies of cancer in 1940, Winton sends James on a train to Fairmount, Indiana, along with the coffin containing her body. Winton does not show up at the funeral, leaving James to be raised by his aunt and uncle on a farm in	in	ADP	Fairmount	PROPN	 Fairmount
A repair ship completed work on the vessel in two weeks. Fuel shortages prevented major operations for the next six months, during which Scharnhorst was able to conduct only short training maneuvers. Scharnhorst, Tirpitz, and nine destroyers embarked from Altafjord on an offensive on 6	6	NUM	September	PROPN	 September
According to jazz critic Gary Giddins, Misterioso is a hard bop record. The songs performed for the album were arranged by Monk, who reworked four of his earlier compositions. In the album's liner notes, Keepnews wrote of Monk's approach to arrangements: "	"	PUNCT	It	PRON	 It
Pierce remained in the game to pitch the ninth, finishing his complete game shutout. Koufax later said of his Game 1 performance, " I had nothing at all. " Box score for Tuesday October 2, 1962 – 1: 06 PM (PST) at	at	ADP	Dodger	PROPN	 Dodger
Flowing northwest through Somerset and the Somerset Levels to its mouth at Burnham on Sea, into the Bridgwater Bay nature reserve on the Bristol Channel, the Parrett and its tributaries drain an area of 660 square miles (1,700 km2) – about 50 per cent of Somerset	Somerset	PROPN	's	PART	's
" Frusciante believed the flexibility of " Under the Bridge " has contributed to its success: " A lot of the time that is one of the ingredients of a hit; you can hear it over and over and it will still always mean new things, but	but	CCONJ	you	PRON	 you
Of the six prototypes built three crashed — including one during an air display at the 1963 Paris Air Show. In 1961 the United Kingdom, United States and West Germany jointly agreed to purchase nine aircraft developed from the P.1127, for the evaluation of the performance and	and	CCONJ	potential	NOUN	 potential
It was written by Kirk J. Rudell and directed by series producer James Burrows. The episode originally aired on the National Broadcasting Company (NBC) in the United States on March 30, 2006. Guest stars in " Buy, Buy Baby " include Britney Spears,	,	PUNCT	Wanda	PROPN	 Wanda
At the 2000 Perl Conference, Jon Orwant made a case for a major new language initiative. This led to a decision to begin work on a redesign of the language, to be called Perl 6. Proposals for new language features were solicited from the Perl community	community	NOUN	at	ADP	 at
The biggest change in early post liberation politics was the surge of support for the Communist Party of Belgium, which become the third party in Belgian politics until 1949, temporarily displacing the Liberal Party. The Walloon Movement also re emerged after the war, promoting the culture	culture	NOUN	and	CCONJ	 and
In Northanger Abbey, an early parody of Gothic fiction, Austen upends eighteenth century fictional conventions by making her heroine a plain, undistinguished girl from a middle class family, allowing her to fall in love with the hero before he gives her a thought and exposing her	her	PRON	romantic	ADJ	 romantic
The official Labour campaign stalled, as Lloyd became embroiled in a row over his role in the failure of the AEU to support an unofficial strike at the local Hoover factory. On polling day, amid scenes of jubilation. Davies was returned with a majority of 7,467	7,467	NUM	over	ADP	 over
On the day of the battle, March 19, 1865, Foraker was promoted to brevet captain, and was soon thereafter made aide de camp to General Slocum. In April, as Sherman's army moved slowly northward, word came of the surrender of Confederate General	General	PROPN	Robert	PROPN	 Robert
He told Satie of this unhappy encounter; Satie replied with a dismissive epithet for Ravel who, he said, talked " a load of rubbish ". For many years Poulenc was equivocal about Ravel's music, though always respecting him as a man. Ravel's	's	PART	modesty	NOUN	 modesty
The first hour of the show garnered 8.3 million American viewers and a 3.3 / 9 rating in the 18 – 49 demographic, despite airing simultaneously with a rerun of NCIS on CBS, The Biggest Loser on NBC, No Ordinary Family on ABC, and One Tree	Tree	PROPN	Hill	PROPN	 Hill
Douglas Bader arrived at the military hospital in 1932 to recover from the amputation of his legs following an air crash. During his stay Bader met the Desoutter brothers, who were beginning to make lightweight artificial legs from aluminium. Once fitted with artificial legs, Bader fought	fought	VERB	hard	ADV	 hard
In addition, Gearbox announced that the High Definition pack would not be exclusive for Blue Shift, but could be applied to both Half Life and Opposing Force as well. At the Electronic Entertainment Expo in 2001, Gearbox announced that development of Blue Shift had been completed	completed	VERB	,	PUNCT	,
St. John's was the eastern terminus of the Newfoundland Railway from 1898 until the abandonment and closure of the railway in September 1988. St. John's is served by Eastern Health, Newfoundland and Labrador's largest health authority. The city's major hospitals include the Health	Health	PROPN	Sciences	PROPN	 Sciences
It was written by Erin Hunter, which is a pseudonym used by authors Cherith Baldry, Kate Cary, Tui Sutherland and editor Victoria Holmes. The novel follows the adventures of four bears, Toklo, Kallik, Lusa and Ujurak. Each bear is stranded by themselves	themselves	PRON	in	ADP	 in
Yet, in Durr al sadaf fi ghara ' ib al sudaf (Pearl Shells in Relating Strange Coincidences), which he published two years later, he depicted the Lebanese social life of his day and criticised the blind imitation of Western customs and the use of the	the	DET	French	ADJ	 French
In December 2005, a 283 page book by MEF containing drawings and production material from New Cutie Honey and the 1995 PC FX video game Cutie Honey FX was released. Two sets of six Honey figures, based on various forms she takes throughout the series, were	were	AUX	released	VERB	 released
In September 1871, Missouri Senator Carl Schurz formed the Liberal Republican Party, founded on opposition to President Grant, opposition to corruption, and support of civil service reform, lower taxes, and land reform. He gathered around him an eclectic group of supporters whose only	only	ADV	real	ADJ	 real
Murray and Federer shared the two North American Hard Court Masters titles, at Montreal and Cincinnati respectively, with Djokovic being the losing finalist on both occasions. Murray's victory over Djokovic in the Montreal final was his first in 2015 and followed eight successive losses against the	the	DET	Serb	PROPN	 Serb
However, Presley's stepbrother David Stanley has claimed that the bodyguards were fired because they were becoming more outspoken about Presley's drug dependency. RCA, which had enjoyed a steady stream of product from Presley for over a decade, grew anxious as his interest in spending	spending	VERB	time	NOUN	 time
The following month, Lincoln sent him to Missouri to deliver a letter to Union General John C. Frémont, who had irritated the President with military blunders and by freeing local slaves without authorization, endangering Lincoln's attempts to keep the border states in the Union. In	In	ADP	April	PROPN	 April
At first, the Church of God did not object to his snake handling services, and, in 1914, he held a snake handling meeting with a Church of God bishop in Cleveland, Tennessee. The next year, Hensley applied to be licensed as a Church	Church	PROPN	of	ADP	 of
In the UK, where the episode aired on May 23, 2011, it was watched by 2.11 million viewers, which made it the most watched show on cable for the week. Here too, Glee gained viewers from the previous episode's 2.07 million, which	which	PRON	was	AUX	 was
Upon reading of the oath, any powers held by a previous president will be transferred to the president elect. The text of the oath can be found in Article 83 of the Constitution. Articles 87 through 89 of the Constitution deal with how the presidency can change	change	VERB	hands	NOUN	 hands
During the early study of radioactivity, various heavy radioactive isotopes were given their own names, but such names are no longer used, except for deuterium and tritium. The symbols D and T (instead of 2H and 3H) are sometimes used for deuterium and tritium	tritium	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
Arguably, the courts can not create further situations (or declare further relationships such as roommate / roommate) where a duty will be imposed the breach of which will amount to manslaughter. Hence, the categories should be regarded as closed. Cases not covered by the	the	DET	aforementioned	ADJ	 aforementioned
Howard struck out for the 12th time in the series, tying Willie Wilson's 1980 record for most strikeouts in a World Series. Ibáñez hit a solo home run to chase pitcher Phil Coke. After being hit in the hand in the first inning, Victorino was	was	AUX	replaced	VERB	 replaced
Because Reformed Christians believe baptism must be embraced by faith to have any benefit, they recognize that faith may come later in life rather than preceding baptism. Infants may also be said to possess a seed of faith which will come to fruition later, or baptism may	may	AUX	be	AUX	 be
Private enterprises established included: Grain Importers Ltd., Animal Feed Stuffs Ltd., Fuel Importers Ltd., Oil and Fats Ltd., Timber Importers Ltd., and Tea Importers Ltd. Industry was encouraged, such as the plans for Irish National Refineries Ltd. to build an oil refinery.	.	PUNCT	The	DET	 The
Grant had hoped that starring opposite Deborah Kerr in the romantic comedy Dream Wife would salvage his career, but it was a critical and financial failure upon release in July 1953. Though he was considered for the leading part in A Star is Born, Grant believed that	that	SCONJ	his	PRON	 his
The portion between Trenton and White Horse replaced part of Pre 1927 Route 2, while the portion between Lakehurst and Toms River replaced part of Pre 1927 Route 18. Following the 1927 renumbering, Route 37 existed in two separate sections, one running from downtown Trenton to	to	ADP	the	DET	 the
The applicant then appealed to the Court of Appeal. The Court of Appeal construed section 8B (1) in accordance with the clear legislative intention expressed through the plain wording of the provision. It held that the provision reinstates the legal position laid down in Lee Mau	Mau	PROPN	Seng	PROPN	 Seng
Platinum also has 31 synthetic isotopes ranging in atomic mass from 166 to 202, making the total number of known isotopes 37. The least stable of these is 166Pt, with a half life of 300 µs, whereas the most stable is 193Pt with a half life	life	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
Although he derided Berkeley's performance as Waingro, he concluded that it was " a fine companion piece to Heat. " A reviewer from Lexikon des Internationalen Films of Germany was less enthusiastic, citing routine action sequences and a confusing plot due to the overly large cast	cast	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
Thallium displays the + 1 oxidation state that all the known alkali metals display, and thallium compounds with thallium in its + 1 oxidation state closely resemble the corresponding potassium or silver compounds stoichiometrically due to the similar ionic radii of the Tl + (164 pm),	,	PUNCT	K	PROPN	 K
Like other lanternsharks, the velvet belly is bioluminescent, with light emitting photophores forming a species specific pattern over its flanks and abdomen. These photophores are thought to function in counter illumination, which camouflages the shark against predators. They may also play a role in social	social	ADJ	interactions	NOUN	 interactions
Biographers, Mormon and non Mormon, agree that Smith was one of the most influential, charismatic, and innovative figures in American religious history. Memorials to Smith include the Joseph Smith Memorial Building in Salt Lake City, Utah, the Joseph Smith Building on the campus	campus	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
Red Dead Redemption makes use of a morality system where players have the ability to gain positive or negative honor. Honor can be gained by making morally positive choices, such as taking in an outlaw alive, or saving a woman from a kidnapping. The player character	character	NOUN	's	PART	's
Romney supported raising various fees, including those for drivers ' licenses and gun licenses, to raise more than $300 million. He increased a special gasoline retailer fee by two cents per gallon, generating about $60 million per year in additional revenue. Opponents said	said	VERB	the	DET	 the
Olivier played Victor in the West End and then on Broadway; Adrianne Allen was Sybil in London, but could not go to New York, where the part was taken by Esmond. In addition to giving the 23 year old Olivier his first successful West End role	role	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
It is owned and maintained by Andreas Heldal Lund, who has stated that he supports the rights of all people to practice Scientology or any religion. Operation Clambake has referred to the Church of Scientology as " a vicious and dangerous cult that masquerades as a religion "	"	PUNCT	.	PUNCT	.
King Felipe VI of Spain, King Abdullah II of Jordan, Prince Guillaume of Luxembourg, Prince Turki bin Faisal Al Saud of the Saudi Arabia royal family, and Prince Pavlos of Greece and Denmark are among the royals who attended Georgetown. Besides numerous members of the	the	DET	senior	ADJ	 senior
While Hurricane Richard was approaching Belize on October 24, the Government of Honduras discontinued all watches and warning that had been issued in association with the storm as was no longer considered a possible threat for landfall. While passing to the north of the country, Richard knocked	knocked	VERB	down	ADP	 down
The City Hall opened in 1963. In 1995, the building was renamed the Guy C. Larcom, Jr. Municipal Building in honor of the longtime city administrator who championed the building's construction. Ann Arbor is part of Michigan's 12th congressional district, represented in Congress	Congress	PROPN	by	ADP	 by
Frank Fetter was born in Peru, Indiana to a Quaker family during the height of the American Civil War. Fetter proved an able student as a youth, as demonstrated by his acceptance to Indiana University in 1879 when he was only sixteen years old. At Indiana	Indiana	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
A very important large output goes to the lateral septal area and to the mammillary body of the hypothalamus. The hippocampus receives modulatory input from the serotonin, norepinephrine, and dopamine systems, and from nucleus reuniens of the thalamus to field CA1. A very important projection	projection	NOUN	comes	VERB	 comes
The journalist and former Australian Test leg spinner Bill O'Reilly criticised Hutton for not moving his leg across to the pitch of the ball, thereby leaving a gap between bat and pad. During the lunch interval, heavy rain fell, before the sun began to dry the	the	DET	pitch	NOUN	 pitch
The primary armament of the Kii class was ten 45 caliber 41 centimeter guns in five twin gun turrets, two fore and three aft of the superstructure. This gun fired a 1,000 kilogram (2,200 lb) shell at a muzzle velocity of 790 meters per second (	(	PUNCT	2,600	NUM	2,600
It turned out that the county officially owned it but did not maintain it; Scott has since convinced the county and forest to exchange ownership with the Santa Anita Canyon Road, then a county road. For the next six years, Scott worked on getting the road	road	NOUN	added	VERB	 added
At the time of the murder of Pryce, Carty and Brown were 18 and 17 respectively. When both men were arrested on 18 January, Carty said he was innocent of the allegations and claimed he had been in a pub in Kilburn with relatives and friends,	,	PUNCT	and	CCONJ	 and
Sahure is shown celebrating the success of this venture in a relief from his mortuary temple which shows him tending a myrrh tree in the garden of his palace named " Sahure's splendor soars up to heaven ". This relief is the only one in Egyptian art depicting	depicting	VERB	a	DET	 a
From 1952 through 1961, Ruffing was a player personnel executive for the Indians. Ruffing returned to the baseball field serving as pitching coach for the expansion New York Mets in 1962, which were run by George Weiss, the general manager, and Casey Stengel, the	the	DET	manager	NOUN	 manager
The Toledo St. Louis line was sold in December 1885 and reorganized as the Toledo, St. Louis and Kansas City Railroad, commonly known as the Clover Leaf Route. In July, George Hafer of Avondale replaced William J. Craig of Toledo as receiver of the Cincinnati Northern	Northern	PROPN	Division	PROPN	 Division
The special focused on an expedition by wildlife author and entertainer Paul Rosolie to locate a green anaconda named " Chumana ", which he believed to be the world's longest, in a remote location of the Amazon rainforest. The special was also purportedly to feature Rosolie	Rosolie	PROPN	being	AUX	 being
Changed their lives. Max Elbaum concurs, writing that " The Autobiography of Malcolm X was without question the single most widely read and influential book among young people of all racial backgrounds who went to their first demonstration sometime between 1965 and 1968. " At the end	end	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
It could also be because an athlete is unable to qualify from within their original country. The athlete may not qualify because there are already qualified athletes in the athlete's home country. Between 1992 and 2008, about fifty athletes emigrated to the United States to compete	compete	VERB	on	ADP	 on
During his first season with the club, Mousinho finished as the club's joint top goalscorer with eight goals in 44 appearances. Mousinho missed the start of the 2011 – 12 season due to suffering a calf injury during pre season, subsequently missing Stevenage's first three	three	NUM	games	NOUN	 games
A solar eclipse of June 15, 763 BC mentioned in an Assyrian text is important for the Chronology of the Ancient Orient. There have been other claims to date earlier eclipses. The King Zhong Kang supposedly beheaded two astronomers, Hsi and Ho, who failed to	to	PART	predict	VERB	 predict
The Witch is an antagonist in the unreleased Snow White game for the Atari 2600. In 2001's Walt Disney's Snow White and the Seven Dwarfs for the Game Boy Color, the players need to solve a puzzle minigame for the Queen to consult her mirror,	,	PUNCT	and	CCONJ	 and
Filitti the politician returned in 1921 with an extended pro domo covering his wartime stances: Rusia, Austro Ungaria și Germania față de România (" Russia, Austria Hungary and Germany Confront Romania "). The same year, in May, Iași's Viața Românească review	review	NOUN	hosted	VERB	 hosted
Confidence that they could dress as they liked, speak as they liked, talk to the Queen as they liked, talk to the people on the train who ‘ fought the war for them ’ as they liked... [Everything was] still based on privilege —	—	PUNCT	privilege	NOUN	 privilege
By evaluating the possible combination of nanotechnologies with landscape ecology, complex habitat landscapes can be generated with details at the nanoscale. On such synthetic ecosystems, evolutionary experiments with E. coli have been performed to study the spatial biophysics of adaptation in an island biogeography on chip.	.	PUNCT	Studies	NOUN	 Studies
The site was quickly popular, receiving an average of 2,000 visitors a day during the Eid holidays, and became a common location for events held by the local government. In late August 2012, the cost of entry was Rp. 2,500 per person, with an	an	DET	additional	ADJ	 additional
France's Stablinski suggested that the race continue, with a British rider, whose team would wear black armbands, allowed to win the stage. Hoban won the stage, although many thought the stage winner should have been Denson, Simpson's close friend. Media reports	reports	NOUN	suggested	VERB	 suggested
Finding this an attractive proposition, in the summer of 1904, at the age of fourteen, Middleton made the 172 mile train trip to Starkville, where he would begin his studies at Mississippi Agricultural and Mechanical College (Mississippi A & M), later to become	become	VERB	Mississippi	PROPN	 Mississippi
It migrates through eastern China to winter in the Malay Peninsula, Borneo, the Philippines, Java and Sumatra; a few birds remain around hot springs in Japan. D. d. cashmeriensis breeds in the Himalayas from Afghanistan east to Sikkim and northwards into Tibet and western and	and	CCONJ	central	ADJ	 central
All four lanes were opened to traffic on July 1, 1952, at which point the highway was designated Highway 400. The name was the scorn of one newspaper editor, who published his distaste for using numbers to name a highway. The freeway featured a 9.1	9.1	NUM	m	NOUN	 m
Bobst Library also houses the Tamiment Library, one of the finest collections in the world for scholarly research in labor history, socialism, anarchism, communism, and American radicalism. Tamiment includes the Robert F. Wagner Labor Archives, the Archives of Irish America, the Center	Center	PROPN	for	ADP	 for
" Music critic Robert Christgau wrote that the band was constantly " topping itself, " and implied that each track on the album was very listenable except " Bad Brain, " the theme of which he called " repetitious. " All songs written and composed by Ramones	Ramones	PROPN	;	PUNCT	;
This we feel we are bound to convey to you directly, to allow you to make fully informed decisions ". The City of London Corporation's chief planning officer called for the demolition of buildings damaged in the explosion, including the NatWest Tower, seeing an opportunity	opportunity	NOUN	to	PART	 to
Eight sororities are under the jurisdiction of the Panhellenic Council (PhC), which features seven national sororities (ΔΦΕ, ΑΕΦ, ΑΣΤ, ΠΒΦ, KKΓ, ZTΑ, ΔΓ) and two local sororities (AΦΖ and ΘΦΒ). Five multicultural organizations maintain membership in	in	ADP	the	DET	 the
The eight premaxillary teeth at the front of the snout were smaller than the rest, closely packed and D shaped in cross section. In Gorgosaurus, the first tooth in the maxilla was also shaped like the premaxillary teeth. The rest of the teeth were oval in	in	ADP	cross	NOUN	 cross
So the need for sections in the body of the filter to do this may be dispensed with. Another reason for using m types in the body of the filter is to place an additional pole of attenuation in the stopband. The frequency of the pole directly depends	depends	VERB	on	ADP	 on
" Cy Feuer remembered: So finally, after we go through all this, we turn [Fonda] over to Rodgers and Hammerstein and he's out. Oscar didn't want Fonda because Fonda was his son in law and besides Dick said, " I have	have	VERB	to	PART	 to
Williamson worked at EC through 1956 until the cancellation of most of the company's line. Williamson's EC art has been lauded for its illustrative flamboyance, evident in such stories as " I, Rocket ", in Weird Fantasy # 20 (Aug. 1953),	,	PUNCT	co	PROPN	 co
On the January 17, 2008 episode of Impact!, Lethal and MCMG accepted the agreement but only after including that Team 3D would have to weigh less than 275 pounds in order to compete in their matches in TNA. On the January 24, 2008 episode of	of	ADP	Impact	PROPN	 Impact
At the 1995 Tejano Music Awards, it won Single of the Year. During the decade ballots at the 2010 Tejano Music Awards, " Amor Prohibido " was nominated for Best 1990s Songs, though " Bidi Bidi Bom Bom " won the award. Since its release	release	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
This was in addition to the Borg, who were originally developed as an insectoid race for this episode but became a race of cyborgs by the time they first appeared in " Q Who ". While the Romulans made their first TNG appearance in this episode, they	they	PRON	were	AUX	 were
There is no evidence of settlement at Hertford itself from this period, although Ware and perhaps Hertford seem to have been occupied during Roman times. In the Iron age, a Celtic tribe called the Catuvellauni occupied Hertfordshire. Their main settlement (or oppidum) was Verlamion	Verlamion	PROPN	on	ADP	 on
It can be accessed by footpaths at three points, each leading to one or more bird hides. Beach Road and the beach itself form part of the Peddars Way long distance footpath. The present visitor centre, which opened in June 2007, is on a small	small	ADJ	hill	NOUN	 hill
Michael Ordona wrote for the Los Angeles Times that the film is familiar, but is " fleshed out with atmosphere, a nice blend of broad goofiness and sophistication, and two appealing leads who bring it to life ". Entertainment Weekly's Lisa Schwarzbaum graded the film	film	NOUN	as	ADP	 as
At the time, Triakis was classified with the catsharks, hence " false catshark ". The specific name microdon comes from the Greek mikros (" small ") and odontos (" tooth "). Other common names for this species are dumb shark (from	from	ADP	its	PRON	 its
They are aerobic, free living soil microbes which play an important role in the nitrogen cycle in nature, binding atmospheric nitrogen, which is inaccessible to plants, and releasing it in the form of ammonium ions into the soil (nitrogen fixation). In addition to	to	ADP	being	AUX	 being
Unlike previous albums, this album does not contain any disses aimed at other rappers or music industry figures. Bruce and Joseph Utsler (Shaggy 2 Dope) ' s rapping on this album is described by Allmusic reviewer David Jeffries as being delivered in " a carnival barker	barker	NOUN	fashion	NOUN	 fashion
The cause was a frozen water injection surge tube. On 19 July 1970, a B 52 G (58 ‑ 0208) also caught on fire and was destroyed on the ground. Families at the base were able to take advantage of many of the opportunities that	that	PRON	the	DET	 the
The South Vietnamese police patrol boat than started its engine and raced towards the Card, instead of extracting another bribe. For the Viet Cong commandos of the 65th Special Operations Group, the explosion on the Card signalled a successful mission. By the time the sun rose	rose	VERB	over	ADP	 over
Subsequently laid up at Mare Island and decommissioned on 8 December, the gunboat remained inactive there through the Spanish – American War in 1898. Recommissioned on 17 November 1898, with Commander Charles S. Sperry in command, Yorktown sailed again for the Far East on 7 January	January	PROPN	1899	NUM	 1899
The government accepted these notes as valid for payment of taxes and tariffs, but unlike ordinary dollars, they were not redeemable in gold. The Specie Payment Resumption Act of 1875 required the treasury to redeem any outstanding greenbacks in gold, thus retiring them from circulation and	and	CCONJ	restoring	VERB	 restoring
The county is divided into 12 townships which provide local services. Much of the land in the county is given over to agriculture, especially on the open prairie in the northern and western parts; the county's farmland is among the most productive in the state.	.	PUNCT	Nearer	VERB	 Nearer
Wong Wing Hang was hired to be the director of photography for The Killer but had to leave the set for an extended period of time, so Peter Pau was added to shoot the rest of the film. Woo had over 90 days to shoot The Killer which	which	PRON	was	AUX	 was
Later realising that he had provoked the king, Dunstan fled to the apparent sanctuary of his cloister, but Eadwig, incited by Ælfgifu, whom he married, followed him and plundered the monastery. Although Dunstan managed to escape, he saw that his life was in	in	ADP	danger	NOUN	 danger
Aguilar went on to explain that the 1980s and the 1990s were characterized by a conservative reaction against the ‘ excesses ’ of the 1960s and 70s. This reaction was channeled mainly by the media's strong attacks against feminism, generally describing activists as " tortured people with	with	ADP	hairy	ADJ	 hairy
Survey items from an interview or questionnaire may be open ended or closed ended. Data from surveys is usually analysed statistically on a computer. Sociologists increasingly draw upon computationally intensive methods to analyse and model social phenomena. Using computer simulations, artificial intelligence, text mining,	,	PUNCT	complex	ADJ	 complex
The amino acids in a polypeptide chain are linked by peptide bonds. Once linked in the protein chain, an individual amino acid is called a residue, and the linked series of carbon, nitrogen, and oxygen atoms are known as the main chain or protein backbone	backbone	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
It was once thought that this behaviour was shown mainly by male shrikes in the breeding season, but this is not the case. Masked shrikes of both sexes are known to impale in winter and on migration. Individual birds may be very tame, following a gardener	gardener	NOUN	or	CCONJ	 or
The film premiered on May 16, 2002. Critics praised the visual effects, costume design, musical score, and Ewan McGregor ’ s performance as Obi Wan Kenobi. Despite this, critics lambasted the romance of Anakin and Padmé, the dialogue, most of the	the	DET	acting	NOUN	 acting
He called the episode " claustrophobic, cynical and ultimately painful " and particularly praised the performances of Braugher and Secor, and the fact that it was not a happy ending. David P. Kalat, writer of Homicide: Life on the Street: The Unofficial Companion,	,	PUNCT	described	VERB	 described
Both sides engaged in emotional and nationalistic rhetoric. On March 11, a day before Austria was annexed into Greater Germany following the Anschluss, Justas Lukoševičius, a Lithuanian border patrol, shot Stanisław Serafin, a Polish soldier, on the demarcation line in the village of	of	ADP	Trasninkai	PROPN	 Trasninkai
Albert Wise died suddenly in 1923, leaving his wife a 40 year old widow with four children. Her odd behavior and fixation on funerals became more noticeable, and she began not only attending funerals, but openly crying and lamenting at them, no matter who had	had	AUX	died	VERB	 died
Kartik held his place when Harbhajan returned for the final Test in Mumbai as India fielded three spinners, and took 4 / 44 and 3 / 32 in a man of the match performance which saw India win by 13 runs. Both of these performances occurred under the	the	DET	captaincy	NOUN	 captaincy
The city's television station, KGUL, moved to Houston in 1959; the telephone company headquarters and many other businesses relocated off the island as well. To make matters worse, some of the island's attractions were destroyed by Hurricane Carla in 1961 and never rebuilt	rebuilt	VERB	.	PUNCT	.
The tiger motif was used in the " Seringapatam medal " which was awarded to those who participated in the 1799 campaign, where the British lion was depicted as overcoming a prostrate tiger, the tiger being the dynastic symbol of Tipu's line. The Seringapatam medal was	was	AUX	issued	VERB	 issued
The mission was led by a military commander named Mallet, who was ordered to the west coast and pursue the pirates " until he [was] able to trap and destroy them ". Although the Flora arrived three days after the operation's approval, the attempt	attempt	NOUN	was	AUX	 was
Determining the execution date relies on stylistic analysis, and the degree of van der Weyden's influence. The dating of the work to the 1440s is based on the notion that Christus borrowed heavily from the immediate influence of van der Weyden and Bouts. Although some of	of	ADP	the	DET	 the
After the execution Rodríguez took several of Guevara's personal items — including a Rolex GMT Master wristwatch that he continued to wear many years later — often showing them to reporters during the ensuing years. After a military doctor amputated his hands, Bolivian army officers transferred Guevara	Guevara	PROPN	's	PART	's
In late September, the British submarine flotilla in the Baltic began a submarine offensive against German ships, intending to deny free passage of cargo, especially iron ore, from neutral Sweden to Germany. In A Naval History of World War I, author Paul G. Halpern	Halpern	PROPN	reports	VERB	 reports
Most scientific interest in supernovae — as standard candles for measuring distance, for example — require an observation of their peak luminosity. It is therefore important to discover them well before they reach their maximum. Amateur astronomers, who greatly outnumber professional astronomers, have played an	an	DET	important	ADJ	 important
The book displayed a frontispiece depicting an old woman telling tales to a group of three children beneath a placard inscribed " CONTES DE MA MERE LOYE " (Tales of Mother Goose). The book was an instant success. Le Maître Chat first was translated into English	English	PROPN	as	ADP	 as
To enhance the realistic feel of the game, the development team attended a live fire exercise at Marine Corps Air Ground Combat Center Twentynine Palms, a training facility in the California desert. This helped the developers to simulate the effects of being near an Abrams tank when	when	SCONJ	it	PRON	 it
The album was nominated for Best Rock Album at the 2001 Grammy Awards, but lost out to Foo Fighters ' There Is Nothing Left to Lose. In Canada it peaked at number four on the Canadian Albums Chart. Return of Saturn was awarded a Platinum certification by	by	ADP	the	DET	 the
Hopes for an Anglo Rhodesian rapprochement were boosted two months later when the Conservatives won a surprise election victory in the UK. Edward Heath took over as Prime Minister while Douglas Home became Foreign Secretary. Talks between Douglas Home and Smith began with a lengthy meeting in Salisbury	Salisbury	PROPN	in	ADP	 in
On August 17, the bridge was not complete, but usable, that when the Farmer's Picnic (the predecessor to the Warren County Fair, occurred, people were allowed to cross a majority of the bridge. The picnic itself was a complete success, attracting	attracting	VERB	over	ADP	 over
With 9.2 km (5.7 mi) remaining, however, Tony Martin (Etixx – Quick Step) attacked and was joined by Geraint Thomas (Team Sky), Lars Boom (Astana) and Matti Breschel (Tinkoff – Saxo). Breschel suffered a puncture and	and	CCONJ	dropped	VERB	 dropped
Each nation has an academy, or Peristylium, to research and protect the country's respective crystal. The crystals have the ability to mark humans as their countries ' servants. These servants, called l ' Cie, are branded with a symbol and are given a	a	DET	"	PUNCT	 "
Later historians and ethnologists have refuted this concept of authority, as the Lakota society was highly decentralized. Lakota bands and their elders made individual decisions, including whether to wage war. Sitting Bull's band of Hunkpapa continued to attack migrating parties and forts in the late	late	ADJ	1860s	NOUN	 1860s
" Metamorphosis, Part One: Does a Dog Have a Buddha Nature? " Anarky 1 (May 1, 1997), New York City, NY: DC Comics Grant, Alan (w), Breyfogle, Norm (p), Rubinstein, Josef (	(	PUNCT	i	NOUN	i
The successful introduction of the Chicken Whopper was one of the few noted positive highlights of the company during negotiations for the sale of Burger King by its then owner Diageo to a group of investors led by the TPG Capital; Chicago based consulting firm Technomic Inc. President Ron	Ron	PROPN	Paul	PROPN	 Paul
King Gustav Vasa had all the charitable institutions in the city merged into a single one housed in the former Greyfriars monastery on Riddarholmen, so the monasteries in the painting were all the possession of the crown when the painting was produced. The painting shows a bridge stretching	stretching	VERB	north	NOUN	 north
On 17 July, the East Asia Squadron arrived in Ponape in the Caroline Islands. Here, von Spee had access to the German radio network, where he learned of the Austro Hungarian declaration of war on Serbia and the Russian mobilization. On 31 July, word	word	NOUN	came	VERB	 came
N. ceranae has been detected in honey bees from several states using PCR of the 16S gene. In New York, N. ceranae was detected in 49 counties, and of the 1,200 honey bee samples collected, 528 (44%) were positive for Nosema, from	from	ADP	which	PRON	 which
He ended the 2011 season with a 9 – 14 record and a 3.47 ERA. After the 2011 season, the Cincinnati Reds were looking for another frontline starter to pair with Johnny Cueto in their starting rotation. On December 17, 2011, the Padres traded Latos	Latos	PROPN	to	ADP	 to
The Pacific design was chosen in preference to several others proposed by Bulleid. The first members of the class were constructed during the Second World War, and the last of the 30 locomotives in 1949. Incorporating a number of new developments in British steam locomotive technology,	,	PUNCT	the	DET	 the
Juana Creitoff died a year later. Bernardina later married a Venezuelan immigrant, Estanislao Asencio Velázquez, continuing Cofresí's blood lineage in Cabo Rojo to this day. She had seven children: José Lucas, María Esterlina, Antonio Salvador, Antonio Luciano, Pablo, María	María	PROPN	Encarnación	PROPN	 Encarnación
Drinking water use has decreased by 25% between 1996 and 2001. Tariff increases and the inclusion of low income users who did not have access to piped water before influenced this trend. The government of Álvaro Uribe wants to rapidly increase coverage, overtaking the Millennium Development	Development	PROPN	Goals	PROPN	 Goals
The third American leg concluded in Uniondale, New York with a sellout crowd of 13,195 at Nassau Veterans Memorial Coliseum on April 23, 2011. At the conclusion of 2011, The Monster Ball Tour grossed over US $70 million from 45 shows. By May 2011	2011	NUM	,	PUNCT	,
It is classed as being of least concern by the IUCN, due to its wide distribution and presumed large population. Least weasels from various parts of its range vary greatly in size. The body is slender and elongated and the legs and tail are relatively short.	.	PUNCT	The	DET	 The
This myth was twisted by the Glabados Church, as explained in the game's backstory, by including St. Ajora as the leader of the Zodiac Braves. The " Lucavi " are demons linked to the twelve Zodiac Stones who seek to gain control of Ivalice by resurrecting	resurrecting	VERB	their	PRON	 their
This density would imply that it is composed of water ice with a porosity of 10 – 15%. The surface of Metis is heavily cratered, dark, and appears to be reddish in color. There is a substantial asymmetry between leading and trailing hemispheres: the	the	DET	leading	VERB	 leading
The Australian Board of Control made the surprising move of appointing the young and inexperienced Richie Benaud as Morris ' vice captain for the match. Benaud, selected as a batsman, had scored just 195 runs at 13.92 in ten Test matches and was not a regular member	member	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
Invited by Strang to join him in Voree, Bennett was instrumental in establishing a so called " Halcyon Order of the Illuminati " there, with Strang as its " Imperial Primate. " Eventually Bennett's profligate ways caught up with him, as in Nauvoo, and	and	CCONJ	Strang	PROPN	 Strang
Though van Leijen won stage 2, Van Avermaet took the race lead because of his higher finish on stage 1. This stage occurred on the same day that Evans sealed his Tour de France championship in Paris; the team posted news of Van Avermaet's race leadership	leadership	NOUN	by	ADP	 by
" The Birmingham enthusiasts, including Boulton, Whitehurst, Keir, Darwin, Watt (after his move to Birmingham), potter Josiah Wedgwood and clergyman and chemist Joseph Priestley began to meet informally in the late 1750s. This evolved into a monthly meeting near the full	full	ADJ	moon	NOUN	 moon
PHP is a general purpose scripting language that is especially suited to server side web development, in which case PHP generally runs on a web server. Any PHP code in a requested file is executed by the PHP runtime, usually to create dynamic web page content or	or	CCONJ	dynamic	ADJ	 dynamic
More than 90% of the world population of Murphy's petrel nests on Ducie, while pairs of red tailed tropicbirds and fairy terns make around 1% of the world population for each species. Ducie was first discovered in 1606 by Pedro Fernandes de Queirós, who	who	PRON	named	VERB	 named
He received the U.S. military's highest decoration, the Medal of Honor, for his actions in Afghanistan in 2008 during Operation Enduring Freedom. Born in Santa Fe, New Mexico, Petry had an active youth, and joined the Army after high school. Completing the	the	DET	Ranger	PROPN	 Ranger
The Whitetip Reef Shark is distributed widely across the entire Indo Pacific region. It was once thought to have formerly existed in the Atlantic Ocean, based on fossil teeth found in North Carolina dating to the Miocene epoch. However, more recent research indicates that the teeth	teeth	NOUN	belonged	VERB	 belonged
U.S. Attorney Joyce White Vance obtained an arrest warrant and transmitted it to Interpol. Van der Sloot was indicted on the charges on June 30. On June 4, at the request of the U.S. Justice Department, authorities raided and confiscated items from two homes in the	the	DET	Netherlands	PROPN	 Netherlands
Benson analysed Fleming's writing style and identified what he described as the " Fleming Sweep ": a stylistic point that sweeps the reader from one chapter to another using ' hooks ' at the end of chapters to heighten tension and pull the reader into the next:	:	PUNCT	Benson	PROPN	 Benson
On India's independence on 15 August 1947, the three member Governor's executive council was abolished. The origins of Madras Presidency lay in the village of Madraspatnam which was obtained in 1640. This was followed by Fort St David which was acquired in 1690. Chingleput	Chingleput	PROPN	district	NOUN	 district
Eventually, police agreed to a deal with the counsel, in which Sumaji's pre trial release was guaranteed in exchange for a promise from his lawyers to not sue for wrongful arrest. Sumaji was released on 17 December, awaiting trial. In early 1997, Sumaji	Sumaji	PROPN	's	PART	's
Winter Olympic Games medallists from the state include twelve of the twenty members of the gold medal 1980 ice hockey team (coached by Minnesota native Herb Brooks) and the bronze medallist U.S. men's curling team in the 2006 Winter Olympics. Swimmer Tom Malchow won an Olympic	Olympic	PROPN	gold	NOUN	 gold
She was assigned to the I Squadron as the second command flagship for the annual autumn maneuvers. These exercises were interrupted by the visit from Nicholas II of Russia, who came aboard Kurfürst Friedrich Wilhelm. After the maneuvers, Fischel was replaced by Konteradmiral Curt von Prittwitz	Prittwitz	PROPN	und	VERB	 und
The latter guns had a maximum elevation of + 20 degrees and the former could elevate to + 25 degrees which gave them ranges of 15,800 meters (17,300 yd) and 17,000 meters (19,000 yd) respectively. Each gun could fire a 38 kilogram (84 lb	lb	SYM	)	PUNCT	)
In 1892, Baeyertz returned to the United Kingdom, preaching and conducting missions in Ireland, Scotland, and England. There she would preach to packed halls, sometimes to just women, earning £43 in a fortnight (worth about £17,000 in 2014).	.	PUNCT	She	PRON	 She
They were formed on 9 January 1908, with some sources suggesting that they may have been the first Sydney rugby league club to have been created. They were nicknamed and well known as the " Dirty Reds " due to the maroon colour of their playing jerseys.	.	PUNCT	Based	VERB	 Based
Captain Francis Laforey on Carysfort immediately attacked the larger ship and in an engagement lasting an hour and fifteen minutes successfully forced its captain to surrender, discovering a number of British prisoners of war below decks. Castor was subsequently taken back to Britain and an extended legal case	case	NOUN	ensued	VERB	 ensued
Politicians running for office often visit the North Shore Towers during their campaigns in an attempt to win the Jewish vote. Politicians who have campaigned and spoke at the North Shore Towers include U.S. Congressman Gary Ackerman, U.S. Senator Joe Lieberman, New York City Mayor Rudy Giuliani	Giuliani	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
The race was sponsored by Aberdeen Asset Management for the third consecutive year. The first Women's Boat Race took place in 1927, but did not become an annual fixture until the 1960s. Until 2014, the contest was conducted as part of the Henley Boat Races	Races	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
However, contingency plans were put in place to prepare for the crest of the Sabinas River, a tributary of the Rio Grande, and the subsequent crest on the Rio Grande itself, which was expected to carry at least 140,000 cu ft / s (4,000 m3	m3	PROPN	/	SYM	 /
The Teesta, Torsa, Jaldhaka and Mahananda rivers are in the northern hilly region. The western plateau region has rivers such as the Damodar, Ajay and Kangsabati. The Ganges delta and the Sundarbans area have numerous rivers and creeks. Pollution of the Ganges from indiscriminate	indiscriminate	ADJ	waste	NOUN	 waste
On September 8, 2010, the band debuted " Waiting for the End " and " Blackout " on their Myspace page. The band announced on its official website the " Full Experience Myspace Premiere ", the streaming of the entire album on its Myspace page on	on	ADP	September	PROPN	 September
However, in late June he left Iran for treatment in a Paris hospital, where he died on 4 July. Just last week before his death, Kiarostami had been invited to join the Academy Awards in Hollywood as part of efforts to increase the diversity of its	its	PRON	OSCAR	PROPN	 OSCAR
The season was the last in Vancouver, Canada; subsequent episodes would be shot in Los Angeles, California. In addition, this was the first season of the show where the course of the story was planned, due to the 1998 The X Files feature film	film	NOUN	being	AUX	 being
In addition, the yellow tailed black cockatoo (Calyptorhynchus funereus) feeds on the seed. The agile antechinus (Antechinus agilis), bush rat (Rattus fuscipes), feathertail glider (Acrobates pygmaeus), and sugar glider (Petaurus breviceps) have been recorded visiting	visiting	VERB	flower	NOUN	 flower
In his review for AllMusic, Andrew Leahey wrote that the cover songs are " perfectly pleasant ", but insisted that Sudol's original songs were the highlight of the collection. Leahey complimented Sudol's " lilting, whimsical " performance and mentioned that songs like " Redribbon	Redribbon	PROPN	Foxes	PROPN	 Foxes
" With the Browns ' announcement, local support for the Stallions dried up almost overnight. Speros quickly realized that as successful as the Stallions had been, they could not even begin to compete with an NFL team; years later, he said that the Stallions would	would	AUX	have	AUX	 have
In the UK, the song peaked at number 2, on the week ending December 24, 2012. The song sold 421,000 copies in the UK in 2012, the 33rd best selling single of the year. Since 2004, it is the 66th most downloaded song	song	NOUN	in	ADP	 in
Nancy lives with her lawyer father, Carson Drew, and their housekeeper, Mrs. Hannah Gruen. Some critics prefer the Nancy of these volumes, largely written by Mildred Benson. Benson is credited with " [breathing]... a feisty spirit into Nancy's character.	.	PUNCT	"	PUNCT	 "
Behind the walls of the sanctum, there is an image of Venugopalaswamy, an incarnation of Vishnu. Around the sanctum, there are images of Somaskandar, Durga, Chandekeswarar, Gajalakshmi, Arumugaswami, Dakshinamoorthy, Swarnabairavar, Nataraja, and Lingodbhavar — the last an image	image	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
When Woods took the play to Broadway, he insisted on a new title. He offered Rand a choice between The Black Sedan and Night of January 16th. Rand liked neither, but picked the latter. Woods later suggested two more name changes, but did not	not	PART	implement	VERB	 implement
" The two factions of sentient machines work together to overthrow humanity in which they use Homer's idea of Springfield's residents in a game of foosball. Homer takes Maggie to a daycare and encourages her to enjoy a mural featuring Krusty the Clown to make her feel	feel	VERB	better	ADJ	 better
After elaborating on the powers of the head of state, the pamphlet went on to champion Diệm as an anti communist who could defend people's freedom, while explaining why Bảo Đại was unfit to lead, saying that he did not have respect among the international community	community	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
In June – July 1943, under the command of Lieutenant Colonel Geoffrey Brock, the battalion was deployed to Merauke, in Dutch New Guinea as part of Merauke Force. They departed from Cairns on board the TSS Canberra on 20 June, arriving at Thursday Island on	on	ADP	24	NUM	 24
Severely wounded and subsequently captured by the Germans, Verity was taken to a field hospital and underwent an operation. Taken by boat across the Strait of Messina to the Italian mainland, Verity first went to a hospital in Reggio Calabria and was then transported for two days	days	NOUN	by	ADP	 by
Lloyd George commented that " the English public, like the French public, thinks the Germans must above all acknowledge their obligation to compensate us for all the consequences of their aggression. When this is done we come to the question of Germany's capacity to pay;	;	PUNCT	we	PRON	 we
In 2005, the Russian Federation had one of the highest levels of psychiatric beds per capita in Europe at 113.2 per 100,000 population, or more than 161,000 beds. In 2014, Russia has 104.8 beds per 100,000 population and no actions have been taken to arrange new	new	ADJ	facilities	NOUN	 facilities
U 104 was fitted with six 53.3 cm (21 in) torpedo tubes (four fitted at the bow and two at the stern), 22 torpedoes, one 10.5 cm (4.13 in) SK C / 32 naval gun, 180 rounds, and a 3.7	3.7	NUM	cm	NOUN	 cm
Animators also touched up or enhanced by hand, sequences involving the models. Eko's karas form was mainly a 3D model but his skirt was hand drawn. During later stages of editing, the team spaced hand drawn frames among 3D rendered frames to enhance the fusion	fusion	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
The Force Unleashed begins with the player controlling Darth Vader as he searches Kashyyyk for the Jedi. After defeating the Jedi in battle, Vader discovers a child who is strong in the Force and raises him to become his apprentice, unknown to the Emperor for several years	years	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
The ship was named after Rear Admiral Leberecht Maass who commanded German forces in the Battle of Heligoland Bight in August 1914. Several days after the start of World War II, she unsuccessfully attacked, together with another destroyer, Polish ships anchored at the naval base on	on	ADP	the	DET	 the
Marsh finds an undamaged meteorite is shaped like a small stone rocket. It then cracks open, releasing a gas, leaving him with an odd V shaped mark on his face. Black clad guards from the complex arrive, armed with machine guns and sporting similar V	V	NOUN	shaped	ADJ	 shaped
In 1955 he sold the copyright of his signature to Hulton for £7,250 (a portion of which was a loan). 45% of his £5,000 per annum salary was paid to the taxman. With only one other profit making magazine (Farmers Weekly)	)	PUNCT	,	PUNCT	,
By severing the duodenal and jejunal nerves in anaesthetized dogs, while leaving the blood vessels intact, then introducing acid into the duodenum and jejunum, they discovered that the process is not mediated by a nervous response, but by a new type of chemical reflex. They	They	PRON	named	VERB	 named
1958) is a New Zealand born and raised make up artist and body painter whose body paintings have been featured in the Sports Illustrated Swimsuit Issue from 1999 to the most recent edition. She is considered the world's leading trompe l ' œil body painter and make	make	VERB	up	ADP	 up
In her book Women and popular music, author Sheila Whiteley said that the chorus of the song places its emphasis on the incantatory present participle (" Tropical the island breeze, all of nature wild and free, this is where I long to be ").	.	PUNCT	The	DET	 The
The Winston Salem Journal reported that even though she made many friends on campus, " she never quite lived down all of the criticism from people who thought she was more of a celebrity than an intellect... [and] an overpaid figurehead ". The last course	course	NOUN	she	PRON	 she
Druckmann soon became a research assistant at Florida State University, while living in Tallahassee, Florida. He spent a year at the university working at the Visualization Lab within the School of Computational Science and Information Technology, beginning in July 2002. During this time, he	he	PRON	began	VERB	 began
Jeff Porcaro, who had been playing drums with Steely Dan since 1973, became a mentor to Lukather and furthered his interest in session work. Lukather's first job in the music industry was studio work with Boz Scaggs, after which Paich and Jeff Porcaro — who	who	PRON	had	AUX	 had
The drainage basin of Abrahams Creek is designated as a Coldwater Fishery and a Migratory Fishery. Wild trout naturally reproduce in a section of a tributary of the creek in West Wyoming. This stretch is 1.87 miles (3.01 km) long. There is an herbaceous wetland	wetland	NOUN	along	ADP	 along
After the death of the Glabados Church's high priest, Marcel Funebris, Ramza and his party travel to the long sunken Necrohol of Mullonde, where they rescue Alma and defeat Ultima, saving Ivalice from destruction. The epilogue reveals that neither Ramza nor his compatriots were	were	AUX	ever	ADV	 ever
Ronnie Allen, who used to play for Vale, took the penalty. He used to practise them against me in those days, so I knew exactly where was going to hit it, and he knew that I knew. When he stepped up, though,	,	PUNCT	he	PRON	 he
The U Boats involved was drawn from the Monsun Gruppe (" Monsoon Group "), and the two selected for this operation were German submarine U 168 and German submarine U 862. An additional submarine — U 537 — was added to this force at the end	end	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
Woodland Streamside Garden A boardwalk through a boggy areas including royal ferns, blue and yellow flag iris, and Japanese primrose. In addition to the gardens and arboretum, Cornell Plantations also manages an additional 3,500 acres (1,400 ha) of biologically diverse natural areas, including	including	VERB	bogs	NOUN	 bogs
" In 1990 at the 24th Symposium of the International Academy of Astronautics, one of the papers presented included this sentence: " It is to Henri Coanda (1886 – 1972), a world famous inventor and pioneer of jet flight, that space engineering owes —	—	PUNCT	beside	ADP	 beside
During the repair efforts, Yar has become close to Castillo, but is unnerved by tense interactions with Guinan. Guinan reveals to Yar that she knows that Yar dies a meaningless death in the alternate timeline, and the two never should have met. Yar requests a	a	DET	transfer	NOUN	 transfer
Eventually, the strain to complete the payment on the franchise to the NHL and to build the arena led to Firestone's resignation on August 17, 1993, after Terrace missed mortgage and development payments. He was replaced as club president by Bryden, who would lead	lead	VERB	the	DET	 the
Arias and extracts include work by Verdi (in particular Macbeth, La traviata, Il trovatore and Rigoletto), Gaetano Donizetti's L ' elisir d'amore, Georges Bizet's Les pêcheurs de perles, and Antônio Carlos Gomes's Salvator Rosa sung by Caruso. The romanza	romanza	NOUN	"	PUNCT	 "
The language of authority in Smith's revelations was appealing to converts, and the revelations were given with the confidence of an Old Testament prophet. Smith said that in June 1830, he received a " revelation of Moses " in which Moses saw " the world and	and	CCONJ	the	DET	 the
Following Slammiversary, Anderson formed a tag team with Gunner but tensions already rose between them because of Gunner's relationship to Samuel Shaw, whom Gunner had been helping through psychiatric counselling. Anderson and Gunner would continue to team together with Shaw at their side who would try	try	VERB	to	PART	 to
As the enemy breaches the final defenses, Mototada commits seppuku, detailing in his last statement the importance of loyalty. Kichiro joins Tokugawa at Sekigahara. After the Battle of Sekigahara ends in victory for Tokugawa, Kichiro finally changes his mind and abandons his loyalty to his	his	PRON	master	NOUN	 master
It is approximately 2.6 miles (4.2 km) long and flows through Conyngham Township. The creek's watershed has an area of 3.85 square miles (10.0 km2). It is designated as a Coldwater Fishery and a Migratory Fishery. The creek is ephemeral and loses	loses	VERB	its	PRON	 its
Australia surpassed this and were dismissed for 345, with three wickets for Willis and three for Dilley. The England bowlers suffered from no balls, Willis alone bowling 28. England declared late in the game on 265 / 8, and Willis picked up another wicket as	as	SCONJ	Australia	PROPN	 Australia
With the outbreak of the French Revolutionary Wars, Pitt became energetically involved in the protection of the ports along the coast, entertaining the local garrison commanders, naval captains and the local gentry at Walmer on a regular basis. After Pitt resigned as Prime Minister in 1801	1801	NUM	,	PUNCT	,
Joseph Hooker argued strongly for Darwin, and Thomas Huxley's legendary retort, that he would rather be descended from an ape than a man who misused his gifts, came to symbolise a triumph of science over religion. Even Darwin's close friends Gray, Hooker,	,	PUNCT	Huxley	PROPN	 Huxley
Principal photography took place in Vancouver, British Columbia. The neighborhood scenes were shot in a cul de sac of million dollar homes, and production housed the residents in hotels for two nights to allow for filming. Although the sequence of Sam and Dean looking across the	the	DET	street	NOUN	 street
For humans, Bowlby speculates, the environment of evolutionary adaptedness probably resembles that of present day hunter gatherer societies for the purpose of survival, and, ultimately, genetic replication. Attachment theory is not an exhaustive description of human relationships, nor is it synonymous with love	love	NOUN	and	CCONJ	 and
In private talks with US officials, Diệm insisted that the army was responsible for the pagoda attacks and that Tung's men were already under the control of the JGS. By September, Diệm and Nhu knew that a group of generals were planning a coup. Nhu	Nhu	PROPN	ordered	VERB	 ordered
It started covering more celebrity, fashion, and gossip. Min hired Tony Gervino as the publication's editor, which was different than Billboard's historical appointments, in that he did not have a background in the music industry. Tony Gervino was appointed Editor in Chief	Chief	PROPN	in	ADP	 in
Mating often occurs in swarms, generally at landmarks such as hilltops. The season and time of day, and type of landmark, used for mating swarms is specific to particular species. Eggs are laid on stones or vegetation near water, in clusters of up to	to	ADP	one	NUM	 one
Several months later, the song appeared in the Grey's Anatomy episode " Lay Your Hands On Me " on January 10, 2008. It featured in the One Tree Hill episode " For Tonight You're Only Here to Know " on February 26, 2008.	.	PUNCT	Stephen	PROPN	 Stephen
Some traditions also hold that a vampire can not enter a house unless invited by the owner, although after the first invitation they can come and go as they please. Though folkloric vampires were believed to be more active at night, they were not generally considered vulnerable	vulnerable	ADJ	to	ADP	 to
Filming took place from February to September 2005 in Palos Verdes, Saint Vincent and the Grenadines, Dominica, and The Bahamas, as well as on sets constructed at Walt Disney Studios. It was shot back to back with the third film of the series, Pirates	Pirates	PROPN	of	ADP	 of
Danebod Folk School opened December 1, 1888, with Pedersen as president. Other teachers were Carl Hansen and Christian Hansen. Among the first students were Niels Petersen and Kristian Klink, both Danish immigrants. Klink was a stonemason educated in Denmark, and he helped pastor	pastor	NOUN	Pedersen	PROPN	 Pedersen
When performing " I Love You " at the Ladbroke Grove's Supperclub, a live performance known as " The Lost Gig ", Horn said that he conceived the idea of the song after playing Moon River on a bass guitar every Tuesday night. " I Love	Love	VERB	You	PRON	 You
Golden Sun was re released for the Virtual Console via the Wii U eShop in April 2014. Golden Sun is a contemporary presentation of the traditional role playing video game formula, in which the player controls a cast of four characters as they journey through a fantasy themed	themed	VERB	world	NOUN	 world
Other writers have cited Slick Rick and Afrika Bambaataa as an important early contributor to the popularity of grills. Grills remained popular in the Southern U.S., especially in Houston or Memphis, even as they rose and fell from popularity elsewhere, and the rise of Dirty South	South	PROPN	rappers	NOUN	 rappers
" Practice Date " was the first episode to establish the personality of Jerry as the co worker everyone else in the office picks on, and marked the first of several appearances by Jay Jackson as news reporter Perd Hapley. According to Nielsen Media Research, the episode	episode	NOUN	was	AUX	 was
Despite this, she lets Whitney off, telling her she is a natural, and works well at the till. When Kat catches her stealing again, she sacks Whitney, leaving Janine angry with Whitney. After Whitney sees Janine successfully pickpocket someone, she decides to	to	PART	try	VERB	 try
It maintains that God hates homosexuals above all other kinds of " sinners " and that homosexuality should be a capital crime. The church runs the website GodHatesFags.com, and GodHatesAmerica.com, and websites expressing condemnation of LGBT people, Roman Catholics, Muslims, Hindus, Jews,	,	PUNCT	Sweden	PROPN	 Sweden
With 346,000 in first week sales, the album debuted atop the US Billboard 200. It remained on the chart for forty four weeks, falling off after a final position of number 164. The album placed at numbers 59 and 73 on the Billboard 200 Year End	End	NOUN	charts	NOUN	 charts
The Nez Perce also were involved in trade with the Flathead tribe to the north and other middle Columbia River tribes. However, they were enemies to the Shoshone and the other upstream Snake River tribes. The Shoshone or Shoshoni were characterized by nomadic groups that took their	their	PRON	culture	NOUN	 culture
The Mexican Secretary of War, José María Tornel, wrote: " The superiority of the Mexican soldier over the mountaineers of Kentucky and the hunters of Missouri is well known. Veterans seasoned by 20 years of wars can't be intimidated by the presence of an army	army	NOUN	ignorant	NOUN	 ignorant
Watersmeet is home to the northern section of the Lac Vieux Desert Indian Reservation. Continuing north across the Gogebic – Ontonagon county line, US 45 crosses the boundary between the Central and Eastern time zones. In southern Ontonagon County, the highway runs west of the Bond	Bond	PROPN	Falls	PROPN	 Falls
Pierce Brosnan as James Bond (007): An MI6 officer assigned to stop the Janus crime syndicate from acquiring " GoldenEye, " a clandestine satellite weapon designed and launched by the Soviets during the Cold War. Sean Bean as Alec Trevelyan (006) / Janus:	:	PUNCT	Initially	ADV	 Initially
Victor's men boarded Ceylon and Gordon and his officers, including Abercromby, were taken to Vénus as prisoners of war. As dawn broke and visibility cleared, the sailors on Ceylon, Vénus and Victor realised that they were within sight of Saint Denis on Île Bourbon	Bourbon	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
Both retained their positions. During the first round of pitstops the McLarens swapped places with David Coulthard leading Mika Häkkinen and Frentzen dropped to fifth position behind both of them. The order of the leaders after the second round of pitstops on lap 43 and lap 44 remained	remained	VERB	the	DET	 the
And we had a lot of scenes that were almost orgies of vomit... We didn't back off anything ". As the writers created more drafts of the screenplay (nine in total), the studio gradually became more receptive to the project, especially Mount,	,	PUNCT	who	PRON	 who
Dangić was accompanied by Major Boško Todorović who had been appointed by Mihailović as his commander for east Bosnia and Herzegovina. Dangić himself was appointed as the commander of the Mountain Staff of the Bosnian Chetnik Detachments, and had direct responsibility for east Bosnia, including the senior	senior	ADJ	local	ADJ	 local
There he produced his fifth album Out From Out Where released that same year. This was his first album created primarily in a professional studio. He later released a single, Verbal, taken from Out From Out Where. Otis Hart of Dusted Magazine said that Tobin	Tobin	PROPN	's	PART	's
That is, the following diagram commutes (the horizontal maps are the usual ones): <formula> The Mayer – Vietoris long exact sequence for singular cohomology groups with coefficient group G is dual to the homological version. It is the following: <formula> where	where	SCONJ	the	DET	 the
The use of antiviral treatments, such as acyclovir, given from the 36th week of pregnancy, limits HSV recurrence and shedding during childbirth, thereby reducing the need for caesarean section. Acyclovir is the recommended antiviral for herpes suppressive therapy during the last months of pregnancy.	.	PUNCT	The	DET	 The
The U class represented one of the less glamorous classes of passenger locomotive due to the fact that they were used mainly on mixed traffic and secondary passenger duties. The class were withdrawn between 1962 and 1966 On 25 May 1933, a passenger train was derailed at Raynes	Raynes	PROPN	Park	PROPN	 Park
" A number of lessons had been learned from the 1856 disaster that allowed the Church to continue the handcart system while avoiding another disaster. Never again would a handcart company depart Florence later than July 7. The construction of the handcarts was modified to strengthen them and	and	CCONJ	reduce	VERB	 reduce
Nearly every suitable surface has been carved, including the stone walls of some houses and a few of the famous mo ‘ ai statues and their fallen topknots. Around one thousand sites with over four thousand glyphs have been catalogued, some in bas- or sunken relief,	,	PUNCT	and	CCONJ	 and
While recording for her thirteenth studio album, Madonna enlisted several collaborators; MoZella, Symbolyc One and Toby Gad were announced as new collaborators on the album in April 2014. Madonna posted a photograph of the trio working with her in a recording studio on her Instagram account	account	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
At a time when many farmers earned less than $250 per year, the move cost the UFA dearly in the eyes of its supporters. Many UFA MLAs privately suggested that the incident would have been avoided had Brownlee been present. On another occasion, in 1924	1924	NUM	,	PUNCT	,
Reports of animals surviving in Sarawak are unconfirmed. This subspecies is named after Tom Harrisson, who worked extensively with Bornean zoology and anthropology in the 1960s. The Bornean subspecies is markedly smaller than the other two. The captive population consists of one male and two females	females	NOUN	at	ADP	 at
" Nevertheless, Smith returned a report to the Secretary of the Treasury asking for $500,000 to do the job. The report is the first published study on the topic of the Everglades, and concluded with the statement: The Ever Glades are now suitable only for	for	ADP	the	DET	 the
With the tide running against them, the opponents of abolition delayed the vote by proposing that the House of Commons hear its own evidence, and Wilberforce, in a move that has subsequently been criticised for prolonging the slave trade, reluctantly agreed. The hearings were not	not	PART	completed	VERB	 completed
As of 2013, The Wall Live is the highest grossing tour of all time by a solo artist. Waters performed at the Concert for Sandy Relief at Madison Square Garden on 12 December 2012. On 24 July 2015, Waters headlined the Newport Folk Festival in Newport	Newport	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
In 1894, the ARF took part in the Sasun Resistance, supplying arms to the local population to help the people of Sasun defend themselves against the Hamidian purges. In June 1896, the Armenakans organized the Defense of Van in the province of Van, where Ottoman	Ottoman	PROPN	Hamidieh	PROPN	 Hamidieh
At the mouth of Saleh Bay is a 30,000 hectare islet called Moyo (Indonesian: Pulau Moyo) which has a guest shelter or luxurious resort where celebrities such as Princess Diana once stayed. Besides its interest for seismologists and volcanologists, who monitor the mountain's activity	activity	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
The group is very diverse. The majority of species are terrestrial, including a number of important agricultural pests, but some are found in freshwater habitats. These include the water boatmen, pond skaters, and giant water bugs. The present members of the order Hemiptera	Hemiptera	PROPN	(	PUNCT	 (
Overall, damage in Hainan reached 170 million Renminbi ($45.1 million USD). Three rescue teams were deployed to the region to assist in recovery efforts. In nearby Guangxi Province, heavy rains caused additional flooding that destroyed 300 homes and injured eight people. However	However	ADV	,	PUNCT	,
At least 85 people were killed in the period of 30 June to 2 July, which is now known as the Night of the Long Knives. Hitler admitted in the Reichstag on 13 July that the killings had been entirely illegal, but claimed a plot had been	been	AUX	underway	ADJ	 underway
Jennings focused on the slavery issue and tied Randolph to Harrison's continued attempts to legalize the institution. The congressional election coincided with the first popular election of delegates to the territorial legislature. In 1809, a year prior to the election, the territory's pro slavery	slavery	NOUN	faction	NOUN	 faction
The board's efforts failed to meet the government's expectations; in December 1917, Woodrow Wilson, the President of the United States, ordered the federal government to take control of the railroads, setting up a United States Railroad Administration (USRA) to run them	them	PRON	.	PUNCT	.
Local nobles turned to Charles for protection in 1600 when the conflict spread to Livonia, where Sigismund had tried to incorporate Swedish Estonia into the Duchy of Livonia. Charles then expelled the Polish forces from Estonia and invaded the Livonian duchy, starting a series of Polish –	–	PUNCT	Swedish	ADJ	 Swedish
On October 5, 610, Heraclius was crowned for a second time, this time in the Chapel of St. Stephen within the Great Palace; at the same time he married Fabia, who took the name Eudokia. After her death in 612, he married his	his	PRON	niece	NOUN	 niece
Each building measures 50 feet (15 m) by 200 feet (61 m). The SP & S was formed jointly by the Northern Pacific Railway (NP) and Great Northern Railway in 1905, originally as the Portland & Seattle Railway, to build and	and	CCONJ	ultimately	ADV	 ultimately
The President of Lithuania was officially given a standard by the Seimas in 1993. The standard is the State Emblem of Lithuania charged in the center on a single color background. Under state law, the background color is stated as purple, but the color used in	in	ADP	practice	NOUN	 practice
The accuracy and stability of its stereo imaging and its clean midrange reproduction are also appreciated qualities. J. Gordon Holt suggests that the quality was " comparable to that from Quad Electrostatics, at far lower cost and with added bonuses of slightly smoother high end, better stereo	stereo	PROPN	imaging	PROPN	 imaging
Honda Yoitsu, said to be the only Japanese Methodist Episcopal bishop, was among those on the liner when she sailed on 31 May. News accounts reported on some of the unusual activities aboard Kroonland during this trip. Among them were morning devotional services held daily in	in	ADP	the	DET	 the
Fourteen men have won league awards in recognition for their performance while with the Sounds. Three players have won league Most Valuable Player (MVP) awards. Steve Balboni (1980) and Brian Dayett (1982) won the Southern League MVP Award, and Magglio Ordóñez	Ordóñez	PROPN	(	PUNCT	 (
Of the 140 insect and invertebrate species, which include mayflies, stoneflies and caddisflies, there are also three major exotic species: Asiatic clam, Chinese mitten crab, and New Zealand mud snail. Many species of plants are found throughout the middle and upper basin,	,	PUNCT	including	VERB	 including
Unable to convince boys to participate, she acted the male roles and sang their songs. By age nine, she had developed an unusually low voice. Fascinated by film stars, Cher's role model was Audrey Hepburn, particularly due to her role in the 1961	1961	NUM	film	NOUN	 film
Bobba Fatt of GamePro labeled Silent Hill a " shameless but slick Resident Evil clone ". Others felt that Silent Hill was Konami's answer to the Resident Evil series in that, while they noted a similarity, Silent Hill utilized a different form of horror to induce	induce	VERB	fear	NOUN	 fear
Genevieve Koski of The A.V. Club commended Rihanna for elevating the album's generic sound, writing that she " does sound invigorated, delivering charismatic vocal performances of material that doesn ’ t always warrant them ". Emily Mackay of NME felt that its " experiments feel more	more	ADV	organic	ADJ	 organic
He was an important link between the ideas of Shaftesbury and the later school of Scottish Common Sense Realism. Colin Maclaurin (1698 – 1746) was chair of mathematics by the age of 19 at Marischal College, University of Aberdeen and the leading British mathematician of his	his	PRON	era	NOUN	 era
As Paul remembers, " The night Linda and I met, I spotted her across a crowded club, and although I would normally have been nervous chatting her up, I realised I had to... Pushiness worked for me that night! " Linda said this about	about	ADP	their	PRON	 their
" One writer, the historian Peter Lord, has suggested that it was initially used as an altar. Accepting the 11th century dating, Lord stated that " as an altar of the pre Norman period it is a unique survivor in Wales and, indeed, in	in	ADP	Britain	PROPN	 Britain
Nelson appeals to West, reminding him that they were friends, and West decides to pull Nelson to safety. Two armed security guards then arrive and, in a panic, fatally shoot Nelson as he tries to protect West. An infuriated West kills the security guards	guards	NOUN	and	CCONJ	 and
In 1876, chemist Eli Lilly, a Union colonel during the Civil War, founded Eli Lilly and Company, a pharmaceutical company. His initial innovation of gelatin coating for pills led to a rapid growth of the company that eventually developed as Indiana's largest corporation,	,	PUNCT	and	CCONJ	 and
Blaine was not only the president's closest advisor, he was obsessed with knowing all that took place in the White House, and was even said to have spies posted there in his absence. Garfield nominated William Windom of Minnesota as Secretary of the Treasury, William	William	PROPN	H.	PROPN	 H.
The range of expressive possibilities in Indian film music was broadened by Ilaiyaraaja's methodical approach to arranging, recording technique, and his drawing of ideas from a diversity of musical styles. According to musicologist P. Greene, Ilaiyaraaja's " deep understanding of so many different styles	styles	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
Between the first performance of Façade in 1923, for example, and that of the Sinfonia Concertante in 1928, he averaged only one small piece a year. Of his work as a whole, Byron Adams in Grove's Dictionary of Music and Musicians writes: Walton	Walton	PROPN	's	PART	's
He probably performed some of the duties that later were done by the chancellor, but the first chancellor in England is usually held to be Herfast, who held office from around 1069. Some historians, including David Bates, hold that Regenbald was chancellor, however.	.	PUNCT	Some	DET	 Some
The Australians suffered 14 killed and 23 wounded. Abandoned equipment included 19 machine guns, 150 rifles, 6 grenade throwers and 12 Japanese swords. The 2 / 6th Independent Company had won a significant victory, but now had 23 wounded and was very low on ammunition	ammunition	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
The manuscript stated that: The shells are made of cast iron, as large as a bowl and shaped like a ball. Inside they contain half a pound of ' magic ' gunpowder. They are sent flying towards the enemy camp from an eruptor; and when	when	SCONJ	they	PRON	 they
The songs on Here Come the Warm Jets reference various musical styles from the past and present. The overall style of the album has been described as " glammed up art pop ", showcasing glam rock's simple yet theatrical crunchy guitar rock and art pop's sonic	sonic	ADJ	texture	NOUN	 texture
Indonesian literary scholar Muhammad Balfas notes that the work also has many allusions to religious texts, both Islamic and Christian. Anwar opined that Amir, through Nyanyi Sunyi, brought a new style to the Indonesian language, with its " compactly violent, sharp, and yet	yet	ADV	short	ADJ	 short
Earth's 1,335,000,000 cubic kilometers (320,000,000 cu mi) of sea contain about 97.2 percent of its known water and cover more than 70 percent of its surface. Another 2.15% of Earth's water is frozen, found in the sea ice covering the Arctic Ocean,	,	PUNCT	the	DET	 the
Hurricane Jeanne steadily intensified as it turned eastward, developing a 52 mi (83 km) wide eye. A motion to the southeast began on September 22, and around the same time it reached winds of 100 mph (160 km / h), making it	it	PRON	a	DET	 a
In an attempt to get Naz and Sol to reconcile again, Stevie pretends to swallow the key to the flat's front door, leaving them trapped. Naz reveals she is going to Turkey to meet Ekin's family and Sol angrily says she can stay there.	.	PUNCT	When	SCONJ	 When
The broad outlines of the story — that 75 million years ago a great catastrophe happened in this sector of the galaxy which caused profoundly negative effects for everyone since then — are told to lower level Scientologists; but the details are kept strictly confidential, within Scientology.	.	PUNCT	The	DET	 The
Military Affairs: The Journal of Military History, Including Theory and Technology 37 (1): 1 – 5. doi: 10.2307 / 1986561. Rothenberg, Gunther E. (1976). " Nobility and Military Careers: The Habsburg Officer Corps, 1740 1914 ".	.	PUNCT	Military	PROPN	 Military
One day he is framed by police officer Frank Severance (Segal) for the murder of a highway patrolman, also killing his friend Eddie. Santee is sent to prison after recovering in a prison hospital, but escapes during transfer and takes a female hostage named Rita	Rita	PROPN	Marrick	PROPN	 Marrick
The new headquarters building was on an awkwardly shaped site, partly over the platforms and tracks of St. James's Park station. Although Holden's practice had not designed such a large office building, it did have experience of large hospital design, which Pick saw as	as	ADV	complementary	ADJ	 complementary
Initially, Corzine opposed privatization of the New Jersey Turnpike. On January 8, 2008, to address ongoing structural budget issues, Governor Corzine proposed a four part proposal including an overall reduction in spending, a constitutional amendment to require more voter approval for state borrowing,	,	PUNCT	an	DET	 an
On May 4, 2009, a week before the season one finale, Fox renewed Fringe for a second season, giving it a full season pick up of 22 episodes. The network's president of entertainment, Kevin Reilly, explained " Fringe proved to be a	a	DET	notable	ADJ	 notable
Their tails are stiffened by a notochord, but does not contain any bony or cartilaginous elements except for a few vertebrae at the base which forms the urostyle during metamorphosis. This has been suggested as an adaptation to their lifestyles; because the transformation into frogs happens very	very	ADV	fast	ADV	 fast
Southwest Airlines has also expressed desire to expand at the airport, and international service to Europe or Asia is quickly being considered as the city grows. The Robert C. H. Mathews Jr. Terminal is the airport's main commercial terminal. It consists of three floorswith ground transportation	transportation	NOUN	on	ADP	 on
The conclusion of the war led to the reformation of civilian teams; the IRFU resumed play in 1945, and the WIFU the following year. A push by the sport's organizers to adopt an increasingly professional attitude dominated the post war period: poor field conditions,	,	PUNCT	previously	ADV	 previously
The games feature an improved visual style from other Pokémon games, with an increased use of 3D computer graphics than any other of the handheld series. It also has a special feature that allows the user to upload their saved game to the Internet, allowing them to	to	PART	do	VERB	 do
The port of Rijeka is the largest port in Croatia, handling the largest portion of the country's imports and exports. In 2008, 2418 ships docked at Rijeka itself, 872 at Bršica, 818 at Bakar, and 268 at Omišalj — a total of 4376	4376	NUM	.	PUNCT	.
" Nearly 29,000 Australians were taken prisoner by the Axis during the war, the bulk of them members of the Australian Army. During the fighting in the Middle East and Greece, 7,116 Australian soldiers were taken prisoner by German and Italian forces. Of these men,	,	PUNCT	3,109	NUM	 3,109
It finished the week of February 10 – 16, 1992 ranked 29th, up from the season's average rank of 39th. The Simpsons was the second highest rated show on Fox that week, after Married... with Children. Marcia Wallace, the voice of Mrs.	Mrs.	PROPN	Krabappel	PROPN	 Krabappel
Strang was accordingly crowned in 1850 by his counselor and Prime Minister, an actor named George J. Adams. About 300 people witnessed his coronation, for which he wore a bright red flannel robe topped by a white collar with black speckles. His tin crown was described	described	VERB	in	ADP	 in
West mixed the track seventy five times, as he could not seem to get the kick drum to sound precisely the way that he wanted it to, amongst other issues. He worked on " Stronger " with eight different audio engineers and eleven different mix engineers around	around	ADP	the	DET	 the
A poll of Michigan alumni and friends in 1979 selected Oosterbaan as Michigan's greatest all time football player. In 1969, Sports Illustrated named him to the eleven man All Century team for the period 1869 – 1968. In 1999, Sports Illustrated published a list of	of	ADP	"	PUNCT	 "
" After his mother's death, Tolkien grew up in the Edgbaston area of Birmingham and attended King Edward's School, Birmingham, and later St. Philip's School. In 1903, he won a Foundation Scholarship and returned to King Edward's. While a pupil	pupil	NOUN	there	ADV	 there
A frenemy, according to Sagers, is a friend or rival " with whom [the protagonist] feuds; an individual who reinvigorates the sense of self worth and drives up one's visibility in the public's eye. " Gravemind, operating as a frenemy,	,	PUNCT	served	VERB	 served
Including her armament, her cost is variously quoted at £1,579,970 or £1,754,615. She was commissioned on 3 May 1910 and assigned as the junior flagship of the 1st Division of the Home Fleet. She was commanded by Captain Douglas Nicholson and was present in Torbay	Torbay	PROPN	when	SCONJ	 when
It was donated with the request that the British Museum library (now the British Library) would create a philatelic collection. The following year the Collections were established with the bequest of the Tapling Collection. The probate value of the Tapling Collection was set at £12,000	12,000	NUM	but	CCONJ	 but
HitFix writer Alan Sepinwall said " Harvest Festival " may be his favorite episode of the season thus far, and demonstrates how the series has evolved. While in the first season he said Leslie was too over the top in a relatively ordinary setting, Sepinwall said this	this	DET	episode	NOUN	 episode
One of the major complaints regarding KERA was the inability to compare the scores to those from other states to determine progress relative to the rest of the nation. Opponents of KERA in the Senate passed a bill to eliminate the testing until something better could be implemented.	.	PUNCT	In	ADP	 In
" Game Informer's Joe Juba found the game's environments to be weak, as " most of the game takes place within one tower [Tartarus]. " He also in his review noted that the game's roots in the Megami Tensei series would come across	across	ADP	as	ADP	 as
This was granted, and Henry's son Edward VI followed up with a grant of letters patent to Henry Smyth, who hoped to introduce foreign glassworking techniques into England. This process continued after Elizabeth I came to the throne, with formal procedures set out in 1561	1561	NUM	to	PART	 to
After William of Montferrat died in June 1177, the king made Raynald regent. Baldwin IV's cousin, Philip I, Count of Flanders, came to the Holy Land at the head of a crusader army in early August 1177. The king offered him the regency	regency	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
For a second consecutive year, fans voted him the Delivery Man of the Year. With his contract set to expire after the 2007 season, Rivera sought an extension with the Yankees during spring training. Team management refused to negotiate near the start of the season,	,	PUNCT	prompting	VERB	 prompting
The team originally thought the phone call from South Park Digital Studios was a prank carried out by another company located in the same building. Obsidian met with South Park's creators, Matt Stone and Trey Parker, with the two parties agreeing that it was critical that	that	SCONJ	the	DET	 the
Of the casualties whose residence was recorded, sixty one per cent lived within a three mile radius of the centre of Manchester. Some groups carried banners with texts like " No Corn Laws ", " Annual Parliaments ", " Universal suffrage " and " Vote By	By	ADP	Ballot	PROPN	 Ballot
When Anna confronts him about his actions, other angels appear and capture her. With Sam closing in on Lilith, Castiel and Zachariah imprison Dean within an idyllic waiting room, where he will be made comfortable until the time comes for him to play his role in	in	ADP	stopping	VERB	 stopping
The captain ordered the ship to drop anchor 1.7 nautical miles (3.1 km) off the coast in order to ride out the storm. The crew used a single anchor to secure the ship. According to a United States Coast Guard review of the incident, the	the	DET	chain	NOUN	 chain
Kreutzer noted that the introductory adagio of the symphony was headed " by Hebrew characters in red ink... This is no less than the verse from Genesis: And God said, Let there be light: and there was light. " Kreutzer opined that, set beside	beside	ADP	Alkan	PROPN	 Alkan
Anderson has been referred to as the ' Ancient Mariner ' of black aviation, having flown long before many of the new recruits were of age. The Tuskegee program was then expanded and became the center for African American aviation during World War II. Members of the	the	DET	Tuskegee	PROPN	 Tuskegee
In July 2012, Rowling was featured at the 2012 Summer Olympics opening ceremony in London where she read a few lines from J.M. Barrie's Peter Pan as part of a tribute to Great Ormond Street Hospital for Children. An inflatable representation of Lord Voldemort and other children	children	NOUN	's	PART	's
Waking up at 4, traveling from Kandivili to Churchgate. We would retire around 11 in the night. It was tiring. But we were on a mission... They couldn't run; couldn't hold the hockey sticks. I ensured none of them [would	would	AUX	have	VERB	 have
In 1900 Eddy advised adherents to obey the law, " and then appeal to the gospel to save... [themselves] from any bad results. " In October 1902, after seven year old Esther Quimby, the daughter of Christian Scientists, died of diphtheria in	in	ADP	White	PROPN	 White
In comparing the two films, Variety's Adam Dawtrey wrote, " Hooper's 2009 film The Damned United didn't register among awards selectors, but King's Speech is a much more personal project. His Anglo Australian parentage reflects the culture clash at the heart of	of	ADP	the	DET	 the
He later categorised mereological as arguments that " draw on … the theory of the whole part relation ". William Lane Craig criticised Oppy's study as too vague for useful classification. Craig argued that an argument can be classified as ontological if it attempts to deduce the	the	DET	existence	NOUN	 existence
The poles of the dipole are located close to Earth's geographic poles. At the equator of the magnetic field, the magnetic field strength at the surface is 3.05 × 10 − 5 T, with global magnetic dipole moment of 7.91 × 1015 T m3. The	The	DET	convection	NOUN	 convection
Philip K. Dick's sales to magazines had dropped, but his work began to appear in Amazing, and Goldsmith also regularly published David R. Bunch's stories of Moderan, a world whose inhabitants were part human and part metal. Bunch, whose stories were " bewildering	bewildering	ADJ	,	PUNCT	,
It also began working with Cisco to jointly develop the Cisco Data Preparation suite of software and services. Paxata refers to its suite of cloud based data quality, integration, enrichment and governance products as " Adaptive Data Preparation. " The software is intended for business analysts	analysts	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
" On 23 September 2014, Alberts management confirmed that founding member Malcolm Young had officially departed from the band and revealed that their new record entitled Rock or Bust featuring eleven new tracks would be released on 28 November 2014 as the first AC / DC album in the	the	DET	band	NOUN	 band
The tour undertaken by the Philadelphian cricketers was very ambitious. Though the results might have been less satisfactory than hoped for by its promoters, the tour was arranged mainly for educational purposes and few of those on the American side expected to win many matches. Previous tours	tours	NOUN	had	AUX	 had
Near the severed heads lay a message that read, " La Familia doesn't kill for money, doesn't kill women, doesn't kill innocents. Only those who deserve to die will die. " In 2009, the Mexican government published a list of its	its	PRON	37	NUM	 37
The JTWC again issued advisories on the next day, only to discontinue them on March 20. Meanwhile, the MFR tracked the cyclone as turning to the south and southeast well south of Madagascar. On March 22, Honorinina turned back to the south and dissipated within	within	ADP	the	DET	 the
I 131 has a half life of 8 days and at higher doses is an effective therapy as targeted radiation against relapsed and refractory neuroblastoma. On microscopy, the tumor cells are typically described as small, round and blue, and rosette patterns (Homer Wright rosettes)	)	PUNCT	may	AUX	 may
Other Mini Coopers were modified to allow for camera placement on and inside the vehicles. The director remarked that " [the Mini Coopers are] part of the cast. " Gray wanted the film to be as realistic as possible; accordingly, the actors did most	most	ADJ	of	ADP	 of
ICD 10 states in relation to the inhibited form only that the syndrome probably occurs as a direct result of severe parental neglect, abuse, or serious mishandling. DSM states in relation to both forms there must be a history of " pathogenic care " defined as persistent	persistent	ADJ	disregard	NOUN	 disregard
The Lucca Madonna is thought to be a portrait of the artist's much younger wife, Margaret. The work measures 33 by 27.5 centimetres (13.0 in × 10.8 in) including the frames. Given this miniaturist scale, the triptych probably functioned as a portable devotional	devotional	ADJ	piece	NOUN	 piece
He recorded hits in eight of the final nine regular season games. Freese credited his improvement in power hitting to hitting coach Mark McGwire, who helped him refine his stroke. In his first playoff series, he drove in 4 runs against Philadelphia in Game 4 to	to	PART	force	VERB	 force
This is 12% of the county's total, on 6% of its area. The watershed's population density varies from 1,000 per square mile around the headwaters at Chappaqua to 10,000 around the mouth. It averages to 4,151 per square mile, twice that of	of	ADP	the	DET	 the
After returning to port, Jellicoe issued an order that prohibited risking the fleet in the southern half of the North Sea due to the overwhelming risk from mines and U boats unless the odds of defeating the High Seas Fleet in a decisive engagement were high. In the	the	DET	aftermath	NOUN	 aftermath
On the March 15 episode of SmackDown, Henry was defeated by Ryback via disqualification, following interference from The Shield. Afterward, Henry delivered the World's Strongest Slam to Ryback three times in a row. On April 7 at Wrestlemania 29, Henry defeated Ryback in	in	ADP	a	DET	 a
In a 13 November 2007 interview with Canadian journalist Benjamin Fulford, Rockefeller countered: I don't think that I really feel that we need a world government. We need governments of the world that work together and collaborate. But, I can't imagine that there	there	PRON	would	AUX	 would
Sigurd asks for her name, and the woman gives Sigurd a horn of mead to help him retain her words in his memory. The woman recites a heathen prayer in two stanzas. A prose narrative explains that the woman is named Sigrdrífa and that she is a	a	DET	valkyrie	NOUN	 valkyrie
The Parks and Recreation staff tried to keep the wedding secret to surprise viewers, but NBC accidentally ran a commercial advertising the wedding two months earlier, after the episode " Ron & Tammy: Part Two. " Series co creator Michael Schur initially said the promo was	was	AUX	meant	VERB	 meant
With the exception of the Amorium campaign, most of the military expeditions of al Mu'tasim's reign were domestic, directed against rebels and areas that, although nominally part of the Caliphate, had remained outside effective Muslim rule and where native peoples and princes retained de facto	facto	X	autonomy	NOUN	 autonomy
Gillet transferred the species to Psathyrella in 1936. In 1938 Jakob Emanuel Lange published the new combination Coprinellus impatiens. Despite the taxonomic shuffling, the species was popularly known as Coprinus impatiens until 2001, when a large scale phylogenetic analysis resulted in the splitting of the genus	genus	NOUN	Coprinus	PROPN	 Coprinus
The Minnesota Orchestra dates back to 1903 when it was founded as the Minneapolis Symphony Orchestra. It was renamed the Minnesota Orchestra in 1968 and moved into its own building, Orchestra Hall, in downtown Minneapolis in 1974. The building has a modern look with a brick	brick	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
" In 2010, Starr said that he had now found religion, adding, " For me, God is in my life... I think the search has been on since the 1960s. " In 2012, the Houston Press music blog compared several aspects of popular	popular	ADJ	media	NOUN	 media
In Little, Brown Young Readers ' final novel, written by Cherie Bennett and Jeff Gottesfeld, Sparks featured Clark trying to save Chloe after she was exposed to a kryptonite fireworks display that makes her the desire of every man. For one of the men, when	when	SCONJ	the	DET	 the
La Guardia's warning and the claims made by the captured spies received considerable media coverage. Despite this, the Department of War, which was dominated by the Army, advised President Franklin D. Roosevelt on 11 December that the threat of missile attack was so low that	that	SCONJ	it	PRON	 it
[A]: The Winchester (or Parker) Chronicle is the oldest manuscript of the Chronicle that survives. It was begun at Old Minster, Winchester, towards the end of Alfred's reign. The manuscript begins with a genealogy of Alfred, and the first	first	ADJ	chronicle	NOUN	 chronicle
The basic shape of the Predator mask was kept, although technical details were added and each Predator was given a unique mask to distinguish them from each other. These masks were created using clay, which was used to form moulds to create fiberglass copies. These copies	copies	NOUN	were	AUX	 were
The team also found augmentations and skills to be less interesting than they had seemed in the design document. Colleagues from other companies — such as Doug Church, Rob Fermier, Marc LeBlanc, and Gabe Newell — noticed and pointed out these deficiencies in game " tension	tension	NOUN	"	PUNCT	 "
MTV Overdrive streamed a tour diary featuring the band's experiences with footage recorded at various concerts. MTV2 filmed a special of the Welcome to the Universe Tour depicting Thirty Seconds to Mars, Head Automatica and Cobra Starship, which aired on November 4, 2006. It	It	PRON	also	ADV	 also
He removes the skin on his own face, using a ritual to make him appear younger. Cox is never caught, with the episode ending with him successfully applying at another medical hospital. In the 1990s, spec scripts were widely used in television, wherein unexperienced	unexperienced	ADJ	writers	NOUN	 writers
Upon the release of Unapologetic, the song charted in Canada, France, Ireland, Switzerland and the United Kingdom. It debuted at number 10 on the UK R & B Chart. " Half of Me " was co written by Scottish recording artist Emeli Sandé together	together	ADV	with	ADP	 with
The game has no specific objectives, other than to attempt to land on the various planets and moons of the system. The planets and most of the moons in the solar system are represented to scale both in size and distance from each other, though the orbits	orbits	NOUN	are	AUX	 are
Later in the evening of the first day of the battle, the hard pressed battlecruisers of the I Scouting Group were being pursued by their British opponents. Pommern and the other so called " five minute ships " came to their aid by steaming in between the opposing	opposing	VERB	battlecruiser	PROPN	 battlecruiser
During the comparatively mild winter of 1778 – 79, Washington and Congress discussed options for the 1779 campaign season. The possibility of a Franco American campaign against Quebec, first proposed for 1778, had a number of adherents in Congress, and was actively supported by Lafayette	Lafayette	PROPN	in	ADP	 in
The roof of the keep had by now collapsed, as probably had the floors of the great hall and chamber. The survey costed the necessary repairs to the crumbling walls around the inner bailey at £100. At around this time, the forebuilding of the keep	keep	NOUN	was	AUX	 was
However, on the map of Korea the name East Sea appears as the primary label and Sea of Japan appears as a secondary label in parentheses. Other examples of publishers who use similar systems include Microsoft Encarta, the Columbia Electronic Encyclopedia, and About.com. In 2012	2012	NUM	,	PUNCT	,
Glaciers are also expected to recede due to a decreased buildup of snowpack and higher overall temperatures. Image Lake has a drainage basin with an area of less than 1 square mile (2.6 km2). Its primary outflow is a small, unnamed creek that feeds into	into	ADP	Miners	PROPN	 Miners
Some of the celebrities help the medium and the boys try to convince Jackson that he is dead, but Jackson keeps denying it and insists he is not only alive, but also a little white girl. His denial is so strong that he emits a very powerful	powerful	ADJ	force	NOUN	 force
From his flagship, the USS Belleau Wood (LHA 3), he led 4,000 Marines and Sailors into Pearl Harbor for five days of training. He then led the Belleau Wood Strike Group (BWDESG) through a 6 month deployment in support of Operation Iraqi Freedom	Freedom	PROPN	where	SCONJ	 where
In Greece, the First Peloponnesian War between the power blocs of Athens and Sparta, which had continued on off since 460 BC, finally ended in 445 BC, with the agreement of a thirty year truce. However, the growing enmity between Sparta and Athens would	would	AUX	lead	VERB	 lead
Animals such as boars, badgers, foxes, rabbits and squirrels live in nearby forest areas such as Făget and Hoia. The latter forest hosts the Romulus Vuia ethnographical park, with exhibits dating back to 1678. Various people report alien encounters in the Hoia Baciu forest	forest	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
Villars, deceived and outmanoeuvred, was helpless to intervene, compelling the fortress's unconditional surrender on 12 September. Chandler writes – " The pure military artistry with which he repeatedly deceived Villars during the first part of the campaign has few equals in the annals of military	military	ADJ	history	NOUN	 history
Having believed he had secured this permission, he made his first appearance against Natal, scoring 14 runs in his only innings. He played in three further tour matches, twice making scores in the forties, but not reaching a half century during the tour. His	His	PRON	only	ADJ	 only
Despite the lack of impact, the storm's remnants were caught in an upper level jet stream, and steered towards Europe. There, they contributed to heavy rainfall across portions of Britain on October 5, causing localized accumulation of flood waters. As a result,	,	PUNCT	Glebe	PROPN	 Glebe
At the last minute, however, they relented, and allowed the episode to be aired later on in the season, several weeks after its intended air date. Shiban originally wanted to film the sewer scenes in Los Angeles ' actual sewer system, but due to	to	ADP	the	DET	 the
This is far less than the 2.7 K temperature of the cosmic microwave background radiation. Stellar mass or larger black holes receive more mass from the cosmic microwave background than they emit through Hawking radiation and thus will grow instead of shrink. To have a Hawking temperature larger	larger	ADJ	than	ADP	 than
In the spring of 2002, Green Day co headlined the Pop Disaster Tour with Blink 182, which was documented on the DVD Riding in Vans with Boys. In the summer of 2003, the band went into a studio to write and record new material for a	a	DET	new	ADJ	 new
" While there was a massive fireball and a decent amount of zombie action, " explained Wigler, " not to mention some concrete information regarding the outbreak, there are still several plot threads that haven't come close to resolution. " Vanity Fair's Mike Ryan	Ryan	PROPN	argued	VERB	 argued
Macbeth " moves upon the verge of an abyss, and is a constant struggle between life and death. The action is desperate and the reaction is dreadful. [...] The whole play is an unruly chaos of strange and forbidden things, where the ground rocks	rocks	VERB	under	ADP	 under
There was the Gniezno area tribe, whose settlements were concentrated around the regional cult center — the Lech Hill of today's Gniezno. Throughout the 9th century the Greater Poland tribes did not constitute a uniform entity or whole in the cultural, or settlement pattern sense.	.	PUNCT	The	DET	 The
Coupled with an aging supporting cast (Bowen, Michael Finley and Kurt Thomas were all in their late 30s), however, the Spurs were only considered fringe contenders for the championship. As it turned out, Duncan and Parker were not enough to help the Spurs	Spurs	PROPN	avoid	VERB	 avoid
According to the proposal, trains would have operated along the Dovre Line from Melhus Station and then run to Lerkendal before continuing onwards to Lademoen and running in a loop back to the central station. The services was proposed to be operated as part of the commuter rail	rail	NOUN	system	NOUN	 system
In the United Kingdom, " Party in the U.S.A. " entered and peaked at number 11. The song tied with " See You Again " and " The Climb ", which charted in August 2008 and March 2009, respectively, for Cyrus ' best charting effort	effort	NOUN	in	ADP	 in
Biden was also hurt by his never having been a player in the Washington social scene. By August 1987, Biden's campaign had begun to lag behind those of Michael Dukakis and Richard Gephardt, although he had still raised more funds than all candidates but Dukakis,	,	PUNCT	and	CCONJ	 and
The War Department purchased 7,500 acre (3,000 ha) of farmland east of Youngstown, New York, in 1941 as a location to manufacture TNT. The location was selected because of its proximity to chemical manufacturing plants, to Fort Niagara, to the New York Central	Central	PROPN	Railroad	PROPN	 Railroad
Although Bergkamp was ruled out for the remainder of the season having sustained an injury against Derby, Arsenal eased to a 4 – 0 win against Everton – the last goal scored by club captain Tony Adams to become the first club other than Manchester United or Blackburn Rovers	Rovers	PROPN	to	PART	 to
" Cartman is angered by his lack of popularity and the attention Mysterion is receiving. Coon decides to rid the town of Mysterion, enlisting the help of Professor Chaos (Butters) and his sidekick General Disarray (Dougie). Unlike the Coon, Professor Chaos and	and	CCONJ	General	PROPN	 General
While the official minority report found the evidence inconclusive, Foraker and Connecticut Senator Morgan Bulkeley signed a separate report stating that " the weight of the testimony shows that none of the soldiers of the Twenty fifth U.S. Infantry participated in the shooting affray ". Although he knew	knew	VERB	he	PRON	 he
At the first annual meeting of the School a prominent medical doctor criticised the organisation for thinking that spinsters could teach mothers, who were guided by the " mother instinct " (both Mayo and Stirling were childless). In spite of this, the organisation flourished,	,	PUNCT	and	CCONJ	 and
In his book Project Alberta, Harlow Russ, a civilian scientist with Project Alberta who was part of the Fat man bomb assembly team, recounts that during the flight he asked Uanna why all the military people on the plane were armed, and Uanna informed him that	that	SCONJ	while	SCONJ	 while
Thus choked, the serpents, headed by Vasuki came out, worshipped Uttanka and surrendered the earrings and asked that they be pardoned. When Uttanka returned to the hermitage of Gautama to give the earrings to Ahalya, he narrated the sequence of events that occurred in procuring	procuring	VERB	the	DET	 the
It would not be contended that it extends so far as to authorize what the constitution forbids, or a change in the character of the government, or in that of one of the states, or a cession of any portion of the territory of the latter,	,	PUNCT	without	ADP	 without
The newer EB 66E was tasked with jamming surface to air missile (SAM) radar guidance systems so their missiles could not accurately target the aircraft. The EB 66's mission was to troll for missiles, let them lock on to their aircraft, and then execute	execute	VERB	a	DET	 a
Rabin notes it was " an innocent sounding term that heralded one of the worst periods in American Israeli relations ". The announced reassessments upset the American Jewish community and Israel's well wishers in Congress. On May 21, Ford " experienced a real shock " when	when	SCONJ	seventy	NUM	 seventy
The bikers stayed to shoot the scene. Van Peebles had received a permit to set a car on fire, but had done so on a Friday; as a result, there was no time to have it filed before shooting the scene. When the scene was	was	AUX	shot	VERB	 shot
Williams used a Triton Extreme, Triton Pro and Pro Tools in the production of the album, while Hugo worked in Access Virus TI, Roland JV 1080, JV 2080, XV 5080, TR 808 and TR 909 as beatboxing was provided by Haley. Rock band	band	NOUN	Spymob	PROPN	 Spymob
Following the release of Straight Outta Lynwood, Yankovic undertook the two year long Straight Outta Lynwood Tour. Starting on March 10, 2007 and concluding on August 28, 2008, Yankovic played 163 shows across the United States. To promote the album, a promotional website	website	NOUN	was	AUX	 was
After 25 years of marriage and nine children, the Granges separated acrimoniously. When Lady Grange produced letters that she claimed were evidence of his treasonable plottings against the Hanoverian government in London, her husband had her kidnapped in 1732. She was incarcerated in various remote locations	locations	NOUN	on	ADP	 on
The Warwickshire spinner noticed this, and delivered a topspinner that dipped more than usual, and the batsman mistimed his off drive, which went in the air towards mid off. Australia finished at 389 and then bowled England out for 188 to complete victory by an innings	innings	NOUN	and	CCONJ	 and
There are windows in the north and south faces of the top stage, and on the north side is an octagonal stair turret. Inside the porch are four corbels (supporting brackets) carved with musicians. On each side of the porch is a four light window	window	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
Although he did not win the competition, he received a contract to record with Syco Music, a label owned by the Britain's Got Talent judge Simon Cowell. Johnston's debut album, One Voice, was released in September of the same year, and reached	reached	VERB	number	NOUN	 number
In the Middle East, both Iran and Saudi Arabia expressed interest in the TAM. The Iranian deal fell through after Saudi Arabia and Iraq successfully appealed to Germany to cancel the order. TAMSE attempted to sell 60 tanks through a Panamanian company, Agrometal, offering this	this	DET	company	NOUN	 company
Some writers noted and praised the heavy use of electronic, bass and funk beats, while others suggest The Neptunes were unable to blend R & B and rock. Anthony Henriques of PopMatters lauded the production, saying that " their signature drums and spaced out samples sound	sound	VERB	as	ADV	 as
Thunderbirds, Lady Penelope and Captain Scarlet and Thunderbirds annuals were published in the late 1960s; during the same period, eight original novels were written. In 2008, FTL Publications of Minnesota launched a new series of tie in novels. Between 1965 and 1967, APF	APF	PROPN	Records	PROPN	 Records
A joint British and American operation to tap into landline communication of the Soviet Army headquarters in Berlin using a tunnel into the Soviet occupied zone had been publicly uncovered by the Soviets in April 1956. The same month the diver Lionel Crabb had gone missing on a mission	mission	NOUN	to	PART	 to
It was purchased by Blount in June 1963. The SSHS also said that a catalog, believed to be the one the Bullard Company used to order the locomotive, was in the possession of the SNHS at the time the report was written. Union Pacific No.	.	PROPN	737	NUM	 737
" Another, Dr. H.D. McCulloch, had been excommunicated for drunkenness and other alleged misdeeds, after previously enjoying Strang's favor and several high offices in local government. These conspired against Strang with Alexander Wentworth and Dr. J. Atkyn, who had allegedly endeavored (unsuccessfully)	)	PUNCT	to	PART	 to
Washington and Paolo curated a Saks Fifth Avenue installation of Pope fashions in October 2013. That season, Pope's attire was part of a special collection at Saks Fifth Avenue. In September 2014, an Olivia Pope Scandal collection was set to debut at The Limited,	,	PUNCT	in	ADP	 in
John Latham wrote about the bird found in Calcutta based on descriptions in Ives's Voyage to India published in 1773 and included an illustration in the first supplement to his General Synopsis of Birds. The illustration was based on a drawing in Lady Impey's collection and Latham	Latham	PROPN	called	VERB	 called
By 1845, Winnington, Acton and Hunts locks had been improved. Trade was good, with tolls generating £38,363 in 1845 from the carriage of 778,715 tons of goods. All of the improvements had been funded from the toll revenue, and over £500,000 had	had	AUX	been	AUX	 been
Most students take mainstream national examinations, such as the PSLE and O Levels, with results comparable to students from mainstream schools, and some enter mainstream tertiary institutions. About 10% of students take a vocational track and may transfer to Eden School, which caters to	to	AUX	lower	ADJ	 lower
The route began at a turnaround next to the Old Point Loma Lighthouse in the Cabrillo National Monument, near the southern tip of Point Loma. Heading north along the crest of the Point Loma peninsula, it passed through Fort Rosecrans Military Reservation and Fort Rosecrans National Cemetery	Cemetery	PROPN	before	ADP	 before
Initially, the very existence of the SPARTAN project and thus John's existence, was categorised as classified information. Many within the United Nations Space Command (UNSC), who were aware of this information, were strongly opinionated against the project, as the SPARTAN unit	unit	NOUN	's	PART	's
Hamad maintained a close relationship with the British but there was dissent among his subjects over the increasing British control over the country, the British led army and the abolition of the valuable slave trade. In order to control this dissent, the British authorities authorised the sultan	sultan	NOUN	to	PART	 to
Having stopped and lowered all her boats, Hogue was struck by two torpedoes around 06: 55. The sudden weight loss of the two torpedoes caused U 9 to broach the surface and Hogue's gunners opened fire without effect before the submarine could submerge again. The	The	DET	cruiser	NOUN	 cruiser
One musician commented that if Mona said it was a Sunday when it was Tuesday, one would be forced to agree with her. After Best, McCartney and Harrison were deported from Hamburg in November 1960, Mona made numerous phone calls to Hamburg to recover the group	group	NOUN	's	PART	's
Most of these were onomatopoeic colloquial names for the bird; the call was described as " bumping " or " booming ". Mire and bog denote the bird's habitat. Bitterns are thickset herons with bright, pale, buffy brown plumage covered with dark streaks and	and	CCONJ	bars	NOUN	 bars
International Harvester (IH) could produce half tracks but some differences had to be accepted due to different manufacturing methods and components. This led to IH producing for lend lease the M5 Half track as a M3 equivalent and the M9 as the M2 equivalent. The M9	M9	PROPN	used	VERB	 used
Vasari tells us that the ceiling is " unfinished ", that its unveiling occurred before it could be reworked with gold leaf and vivid blue lapis lazuli as was customary with frescoes and in order to better link the ceiling with the walls below it which were highlighted with	with	ADP	a	DET	 a
Walter Skinner (Mitch Pileggi) appeared in the episode only because Spotnitz did not want to miss the opportunity to direct an episode of The X Files that featured his character. However, because the episode was over time, Spotnitz ended up editing a large majority of	of	ADP	his	PRON	 his
On 10 April Garbage drummer Butch Vig told fans in Los Angeles that " Run Baby Run " would be the second European single taken from Bleed Like Me; and on 17 April Garbage debuted " Run Baby Run " live at Boston Avalon. On 15 May,	,	PUNCT	"	PUNCT	 "
Other G30S / PKI men go to the palace to secure the president but find that he has already left. At Halim, the president speaks with the G30S leaders and declares that he will take full control of the Army. Another radio speech is soon read,	,	PUNCT	outlining	VERB	 outlining
However, when Zeratul visits the remains of the Overmind in his investigations into the Koprulu Sector's future, Tassadar appears in spirit form and shows him a vision that the Overmind had originally shown him when he destroyed it. This vision foretold the fall of the galaxy	galaxy	NOUN	to	ADP	 to
He won 27 caps for Wales, 18 as captain, and critics consider him the first superstar of Welsh rugby. A talented all round player and champion sprinter, Gould could side step and kick expertly with either foot. He never ceased practising to develop his fitness	fitness	NOUN	and	CCONJ	 and
She was charged with several offenses in July, replaced by 22 charges in March 2011, including violations of Articles 92 and 134 of the Uniform Code of Military Justice (UCMJ), and of the Espionage Act. The most serious charge was " aiding the enemy	enemy	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
This use ceased in 1814 and the castle began gradually to assume a different role as a national monument. In 1818, Sir Walter Scott was given permission to search the castle for the Crown of Scotland, believed lost after the union of Scotland and England in 1707	1707	NUM	.	PUNCT	.
Blitz had a crew of 7 officers and 127 enlisted men. As built, the ship was armed with one 12.5 cm (4.9 in) K L / 23 gun placed in a pivot mount. The gun was supplied with 100 rounds of ammunition. The ship	ship	NOUN	was	AUX	 was
Sagan, however, was unable to chase Thomas, who built a gap ahead of the other two. Štybar eventually gave chase, but he was unable to catch Thomas. After the race, he attributed his loss to two seconds ' hesitation. Thomas continued alone	alone	ADV	to	PART	 to
The same morning, Ian Stewart, Minister of State for the Armed Forces, told BBC Radio 4 that " military personnel were involved " in the shootings, and that " a car bomb was found, which has been defused ". The following day, however	however	ADV	,	PUNCT	,
After he was married in December 1933, Cooper remained faithful to his wife until the summer of 1942, when he began an affair with Ingrid Bergman during the production of For Whom the Bell Tolls. Their relationship lasted through the completion of filming Saratoga Trunk in June	June	PROPN	1943	NUM	 1943
Despite their increasingly differing political views and opinions however, Ernest accepted his second eldest nephew Prince Alfred, Duke of Edinburgh as his heir presumptive, who upon Ernest's death on 22 August 1893 at Reinhardsbrunn, succeeded to the ducal throne. Ernest, Hereditary Prince of	of	ADP	Saxe	PROPN	 Saxe
The product provides up to date information about new products, daily news and lottery results through an easy to navigate software package. Normal operation of the toilet and paper dispenser is evident. The i Loo internet toilet roll browser was featured at the 2003 Daily Mail Ideal	Ideal	PROPN	Home	PROPN	 Home
Skate fired a spread of four torpedoes at Yamato; one struck the battleship's starboard side toward the stern. A hole 5 metres (16 ft) below the top of her anti torpedo bulge and measuring some 25 metres (82 ft) across was ripped open	open	ADJ	in	ADP	 in
On 10 August, the ships at Port Arthur attempted a breakout to Vladivostok, but were turned back in the Battle of the Yellow Sea. Jessen was ordered to rendezvous with them, but the order was delayed. His three armored cruisers, Rossia, Gromoboi,	,	PUNCT	and	CCONJ	 and
It is also the deadliest known lahar, and Colombia's worst natural disaster. The loss of life during the 1985 eruption was due partly to the fact that scientists did not know precisely when the eruption would occur, and the authorities would not take costly preventative measures	measures	NOUN	without	ADP	 without
The lowest pressure on the island was 958.5 mbar (28.30 inHg). Along the coast, the typhoon produced waves of 6.7 m (22 ft) in height, along with a 3.7 m (12 ft) storm surge; the combination sunk several ships and	and	CCONJ	heavily	ADV	 heavily
" However, in 1881, they moved into the newly built Athletic Grounds in Taunton. Although it is widely accepted that Somerset's debut first class match came in 1882, some records do include earlier matches in 1879 and 1881 against Gloucestershire as being of first class	class	NOUN	status	NOUN	 status
Over time, the Replicants had begun to form their own identities; while the Gestalts, or Shades, had grown aggressive to them. Nier defeats the pair, with Emil sacrificing himself to ensure his friends ' progress. The remaining group then defeats the Shadowlord,	,	PUNCT	and	CCONJ	 and
This further encouraged the committee, after the invasion of Hungary, to try negotiating with the SS. The Germans invaded Hungary on Sunday, 19 March 1944, meeting no resistance. Following Hungary's annexation in 1941 of parts of Romania, Yugoslavia and Czechoslovakia, there	there	PRON	were	VERB	 were
He has also lectured as a guest speaker, including at the University of Oxford. As of 2010, Barrons was chairman of Firepower – The Royal Artillery Museum. In May 2013, he was appointed Colonel Commandant of the Honourable Artillery Company. Barrons is married with	with	ADP	two	NUM	 two
New churches were built in villages and towns, and older churches were restored or altered. The first new country church resulting from the partnership was the Church of the Good Shepherd, Tatham (1888 – 89). Brandwood et al. describe the 1890s as "	"	PUNCT	something	PRON	 something
Lyrically, " Thunder " is a ballad about finding the " strength of rising after the fall " and follows the self empowerment theme of the album. The song begins with the lyrics " First it was heaven, ev ' rything roses and fire, " and	and	CCONJ	she	PRON	 she
Global warming of around 4.6° C relative to pre industrial levels could pose a large risk to global and regional food security. Health: Generally impacts will be more negative than positive. Impacts include: the effects of extreme weather, leading to injury and loss of	of	ADP	life	NOUN	 life
Brown also wanted the game's visuals to scroll seamlessly as the character moved through the game world, but flick screening (showing one section of the world at a time) was more feasible. As with the previous game, Brown created a Plasticine model of the	the	DET	witch	NOUN	 witch
Johnson finished the season leading the league in receptions (122) and receiving yards (1,964). Johnson is the only player in the Super Bowl era (since 1967) to average 120 yards per game in a season when he averaged 122.8 yards per game in	in	ADP	2012	NUM	 2012
The cabin area road needed $72,120 in repairs, the park was not fully restored until Memorial Day. Two floods hit the park in 2011, the first from Hurricane Irene on August 29, and the second from Tropical Storm Lee on September 8. Lee washed	washed	VERB	away	ADV	 away
The operation saved his life, but four months later he developed a small bowel obstruction due to adhesions that had formed following the shooting. He underwent another surgery to relieve the obstruction and take down the adhesions. Concerned that his team would drop him if they knew	knew	VERB	the	DET	 the
A pH of about 6 is ideal for blackcurrants and the ground can be limed if the soil is too acidic. Planting is usually done in the autumn or winter to allow the plants to become established before growth starts in the spring, but container grown stock can	can	AUX	be	AUX	 be
" She was intrigued by the title because " it immediately defined two people and their relationship to each other ". Niffenegger said that its source was an epigraph to J. B. Priestley's 1964 novel Man and Time: " Clock time is our bank manager, tax	tax	NOUN	collector	NOUN	 collector
Some species of birds that are neighbors are designated as ' dear enemies ' by the wrens, and the responses to neighbors and intruders in their territories differ by the season. In spring, the wrens respond more aggressively toward neighbors, though in the fall, no	no	DET	major	ADJ	 major
In 1986, after Sierra lost a Disney license, Al Lowe suggested that Sierra remake Softporn Adventure with the improved tools now at their disposal, and Ken Williams agreed. Lowe, who considered the original Softporn Adventure " a primitive, early effort ", borrowed its	its	PRON	basic	ADJ	 basic
C. mutica can only be reliably differentiated by their setose first and second pereonites (smooth in C. acanthogaster), as well as the elongated oval shape of their gills (linear in C. acanthogaster). Caprella mutica were first described in 1935 by A. Schurin from specimens	specimens	NOUN	collected	VERB	 collected
Spears's sixth studio album, Circus (2008), included the international chart topping single " Womanizer ". Her seventh studio album, Femme Fatale (2011), became her first to yield three top ten singles in the United States. She released her eighth	eighth	ADJ	studio	NOUN	 studio
Drinking enough to cause a blood alcohol concentration (BAC) of 0.03 – 0.12% typically causes an overall improvement in mood and possible euphoria, increased self confidence and sociability, decreased anxiety, a flushed, red appearance in the face and impaired judgment and fine muscle	muscle	NOUN	coordination	NOUN	 coordination
This knife featured polished hardware, hand checkered micarta scales, and an engraved blade reading: " We shall strike a dagger deep into the heart of such evil ". In 1994, the president of Benchmade Knives, Les DeAsis, approached Emerson to manufacture the CQC6	CQC6	NOUN	on	ADP	 on
Extremely minor chemical changes such as the addition of a single methyl group to a binding partner can sometimes suffice to nearly eliminate binding; for example, the aminoacyl tRNA synthetase specific to the amino acid valine discriminates against the very similar side chain of the amino acid isoleucine	isoleucine	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
It adopted the Aalborg Charter, which provides a framework for the delivery of local sustainable development and calls on local authorities to engage in Local Agenda 21 processes. The Fourth European Sustainable Cities and Towns Conference, held in Aalborg in 2004, adopted the more binding Aalborg	Aalborg	PROPN	Commitments	PROPN	 Commitments
The ratio of its length to breadth is 1.5. In its centre is a five petal stylised rendering of a white Bauhinia blakeana flower. If a circle circumscribes the flower, it should have a diameter 0.6 times the entire height of the flag. The petals are	are	AUX	uniformly	ADV	 uniformly
He also advised foreign minister Adam Malik. After returning to Indonesia in 1971, Soedjatmoko held a position in several think tanks. After the Malari incident in January 1974, Soedjatmoko was held for interrogation for two and a half weeks and accused of masterminding the event.	.	PUNCT	Although	SCONJ	 Although
Inspired by his actions, plus replenished with water by a sudden thunderstorm, the American troops " came to life " and quickly assaulted and captured Hill 53 by noon. The Americans counted the bodies of 170 Japanese soldiers on and around the Galloping Horse. The Americans	Americans	PROPN	suffered	VERB	 suffered
Gyllenhaal was almost cast as Spider Man for Spider Man 2 due to director Sam Raimi's concerns about original Spider Man star Tobey Maguire's health. Maguire recovered, however, and the sequel was shot without Gyllenhaal. (The actors — who later played brothers in	in	ADP	Brothers	PROPN	 Brothers
The Cazique became " a great adornment for the dinner tables and ballrooms of sophisticated London ", Sinclair writes — rumours abounded that he was partially descended from indigenous royalty. His exotic appeal was enhanced by the arrival of the striking " Princess of Poyais ", Josefa	Josefa	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
The Chief Factor found the Provisional Government a satisfactory way to pursue the debts owed to the HBC by settlers, and protect company property against claim jumpers. Additionally he felt if the government were to openly declare independence from outside powers he could " be elected head were	were	AUX	I	PRON	 I
In the nineteenth century it was the women of the family who were the chief performers and men were not expected to play the piano in drawing rooms. The consumption of large and sumptuous meals was an important part of social life. Some were elaborately planned, others	others	NOUN	the	DET	 the
Iesous; Hebrew: ישוע, translit. Yēšū ́ aʿ, lit. ' Yeshua; " He saves " '; c. 4 BC – c. AD 30), also referred to as Jesus of Nazareth or Jesus Christ, was a Jewish preacher who became the	the	DET	central	ADJ	 central
One of these was the recently promoted Colonel Merritt Edson who was placed in command of the 5th Marine Regiment. A lull occurred in the air war over Guadalcanal, with no Japanese air raids occurring between 14 and 27 September due to bad weather, during which both	both	DET	sides	NOUN	 sides
In 2010, Booker delivered the commencement addresses at Pitzer College in Claremont, California, on May 15, Columbia University's Teachers College in New York City on May 17, and Suffolk University Law School in Boston, Massachusetts, a week later on May 23,	,	PUNCT	2010	NUM	 2010
They will adapt quickly to almost any environment, family, and location and suit city and country life. Their ability to bond with larger and smaller dogs makes them ideal in houses with more than one breed of dog as long as the other dog is trained.	.	PUNCT	Cavaliers	NOUN	 Cavaliers
According to the Annals of Ulster, 1000 of Edward's army, and 4000 of Óengus ' army – including Óengus himself – died. According to Orderic Vitalis, Edward followed up the killing of Óengus by marching north into Moray itself, which, in Orderic's	's	PART	words	NOUN	 words
Around 1865 John Newlands produced a series of papers where he listed the elements in order of increasing atomic weight and similar physical and chemical properties that recurred at intervals of eight; he likened such periodicity to the octaves of music. His version put all the alkali metals	metals	NOUN	then	ADV	 then
Keynes's analysis on the predicted damaging effects of the treaty appeared in the highly influential book, The Economic Consequences of the Peace, published in 1919. This work has been described as Keynes's best book, where he was able to bring all his gifts to	to	PART	bear	VERB	 bear
Paavo Nurmi Marathon, held annually since 1969, is the oldest marathon in Wisconsin and the second oldest in the American Midwest. In Finland, another marathon bearing the name has been held in Nurmi's hometown of Turku since 1992, along with the athletics competition Paavo	Paavo	PROPN	Nurmi	PROPN	 Nurmi
His anticipation for the part was heightened because filming was not scheduled to begin until September 2006. Nesbitt spent an hour each day being made up as Hyde; a wig altered his hairline and prosthetics were added to his chin, nose and ear lobes. He also	also	ADV	wore	VERB	 wore
Rick Dempsey, the unit's senior executive, regarded the process of translating the film as " exceptionally challenging "; he explained, " It's a difficult juggling act to get the right intent of the lyrics and also have it match rhythmically to the music.	.	PUNCT	And	CCONJ	 And
The substance is used in cryogenics, in deep sea breathing systems, to cool superconducting magnets, in helium dating, for inflating balloons, for providing lift in airships, and as a protective gas for industrial uses such as arc welding and growing silicon wafers. Inhaling	Inhaling	VERB	a	DET	 a
Hill lost the advantage for a moment, with teammate Coulthard drawing alongside, but unable to get past with Hill on the inside line into turn six. Henceforth, Schumacher and Hill began to gradually pull away from Coulthard, who realised that he could not match the	the	DET	pace	NOUN	 pace
Despite the small team size and relatively low usage of OpenBSD, the project maintains portable versions of many parts of the base system, including: LibreSSL, a free implementation of the Secure Sockets Layer (SSL) and Transport Layer Security (TLS) protocols, forked	forked	VERB	from	ADP	 from
Patti was greatly taken by the young pianist and prophesied a glorious career for him. The following year he met the German Italian composer and pianist Ferruccio Busoni. Initially the two men were on cordial terms (Busoni offered to give Grainger lessons free of charge) and	and	CCONJ	as	ADP	 as
It has a " sassy brass and lifting melody ", accompanied by electric guitars to create an " atmospheric " mood. According to Tom Topkoff of Hybrid Magazine, " Worry About You " is Ivy's " furthest departure from their tried and true practice ".	.	PUNCT	The	DET	 The
So that disabled vehicles could be safely removed from the roadway, about 50 " safety bays " were constructed in 1949 and 1950.) The engineers used a design speed of 45 miles per hour (72 kilometres per hour), superelevating curves where necessary to accomplish	accomplish	VERB	this	PRON	 this
DJ, Karan, Aslam, Sukhi, and Laxman decide that they must emulate the early freedom fighters and resort to violence to achieve justice. As a result, they kill the defence minister to avenge Rathod's death, while Karan murders his father for his corrupt	corrupt	ADJ	actions	NOUN	 actions
Meanwhile, House uses a dead patient's name to obtain Oxycodone pills as a Vicodin replacement drug. When he visits Tritter early the next morning to agree to the deal, Tritter says the deal is off, after going through the pharmacy's log and reading that	that	SCONJ	House	PROPN	 House
He also expanded his restaurant empire in other areas during 2008, with Murano (alongside Angela Hartnett), York & Albany and Maze Grill also opening. Partly due to the delays in opening the terminal, the restaurant made a loss of £780,767 during the first	first	ADJ	year	NOUN	 year
From the mid 15th century to the mid 18th century, according to historian Burton Stein, rulers of states in southern India commenced financing wars on a different footing than had their predecessors. To varying degrees, all the rulers of the Mysore and Coorg region — the	the	DET	Vijayanagara	PROPN	 Vijayanagara
" A modern critic, indeed, indicates that Balzac is one of Rodin's masterpieces. The monument had its supporters in Rodin's day; a manifesto defending him was signed by Monet, Debussy, and future Premier Georges Clemenceau, among many others. In the	the	DET	BBC	PROPN	 BBC
No chemical analysis was possible at the time, but helium was later found to be a noble gas. Before them, in 1784, the English chemist and physicist Henry Cavendish had discovered that air contains a small proportion of a substance less reactive than nitrogen. A	A	DET	century	NOUN	 century
Stockport Metropolitan Borough straddles the Cheshire Plain and the Pennines, and Cheadle Hulme is in the west of the borough on the Cheshire Plain. The area lies in the Ladybrook Valley next to the Micker Brook, a tributary of the River Mersey which flows north – west	west	NOUN	from	ADP	 from
Ice was a special musical guest at the 2010 National Television Awards in January, performing with Jedward for their remix and debut single " Under Pressure (Ice Ice Baby) ". Ice also recorded his verse for their album Planet Jedward and appeared in the music video	video	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
At first, due to the extraordinary speed of Napoleon's operations, the 1st heavy cavalry division and one of the two cuirassier brigades of d'Hautpoul's 2nd heavy cavalry division did not arrive at the front line in time to participate in the Battle of Jena. Beginning	Beginning	VERB	with	ADP	 with
The school also participates in Upward Bound with the University of Minnesota, Advancement Via Individual Determination Program (AVID) and Admission Possible, a program that helps low income students attend college. The school has a Multicultural Excellence Program (MEP) that gives guidance to students	students	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
One visitor wrote that " a den of wild beasts can not be compared with its hideousness ". The noise was audible for miles. The carts were completely unsprung, and only their flexible construction cushioned the shocks transmitted from the humps and hollows of the trail.	.	PUNCT	Southbound	ADV	 Southbound
When the amount of copper in the liver overwhelms the proteins that normally bind it, it causes oxidative damage through a process known as Fenton chemistry; this damage eventually leads to chronic active hepatitis, fibrosis (deposition of connective tissue) and cirrhosis. The liver also	also	ADV	releases	VERB	 releases
Prior to this, Toronto had drafted Ed Davis, also a left handed power forward like Bosh. After Bosh left, Colangelo sought to trade Calderón, Evans and the disenchanted Türkoğlu for Tyson Chandler, Leandro Barbosa, and Boris Diaw, but the trade involving Chandler	Chandler	PROPN	collapsed	VERB	 collapsed
The Halls of Fame and PFA Players of the Year are noted below. As of 2014, Aston Villa, jointly with Tottenham Hotspur, hold the record for providing the most England internationals with 73. Aston Villa have had several players who were one club men.	.	PUNCT	In	ADP	 In
" He consistently favored repeal of the 1964 Civil Rights Act, including Title VII regarded employment discrimination and called for overturning the Brown v. Board of Education decision on the grounds that forced integration of schools was aggressive. Rothbard also urged the (state) police to crack	crack	VERB	down	ADP	 down
On October 1, the band held a contest, to tie in with the release of the album, where fans could win their catalog on vinyl and a signed copy of the album. The group released a short preview of new song " 2nd Sucks " on	on	ADP	October	PROPN	 October
All non advertising content can be displayed on a per story basis in a separate PDF display page and saved for future reference. The archive is available to New York Times subscribers, home delivery and / or digital. It may also be available at various libraries.	.	PUNCT	They	PRON	 They
[...] It was a welcome return to form chockablock with quotable lines and laugh out loud moments. " He was complimentary towards Fey here, noting that she " illustrated [her] chops as a physical comedian ". Sean Gandert, a contributor for Paste	Paste	PROPN	magazine	NOUN	 magazine
" Senate President David Williams called Beshear's interference in the matter " unfortunate ". In September 2008, Beshear's administration attempted to seize control of 141 gambling related domain names in an attempt to block Kentucky residents from accessing those websites. Beshear claimed the sites were	were	AUX	conducting	VERB	 conducting
" Ramsey listened, then agreed with him. " Yes, I had reached that conclusion myself. " He was offered the job as manager of Second Division club Middlesbrough on his 38th birthday in 1973. He declined to be interviewed for the position, and instead	instead	ADV	handed	VERB	 handed
" This is a reference to a line in the 1991 film JFK. The scene of Homer and Apu riding on mules to the Springfield Airport, with their luggage strapped to the mules ' backs, is similar to a scene from the 1962 film Lawrence of Arabia	Arabia	PROPN	.	PUNCT	.
The book was the first literary work to deal with the Soviet authorities ' abuse of psychiatry. In 1968, the Russian poet Joseph Brodsky wrote Gorbunov and Gorchakov, a forty page long poem in thirteen cantos consisting of lengthy conversations between two patients in a Soviet psychiatric	psychiatric	ADJ	prison	NOUN	 prison
Pre Renaissance keyboard music is found in compiled manuscripts that may include compositions from a variety of regions. The oldest of these sources is the Robertsbridge Codex, dating from about 1360. The Buxheimer Orgelbuch, which dates from about 1470 and was compiled in Germany, includes	includes	VERB	intabulations	NOUN	 intabulations
Egerton then published Pride and Prejudice, a revision of First Impressions, in January 1813. He advertised the book and it was an immediate success, receiving three favourable reviews and selling well; by October 1813, Egerton began selling a second edition. Mansfield Park was	was	AUX	published	VERB	 published
On September 17, Hughes made his first start since April 29, giving up one earned run over four innings and earning a no decision in a 5 – 1 victory over the Chicago White Sox. In his final start of the season, on September 24,	,	PUNCT	he	PRON	 he
Lord did not act on the report, but Stone was perturbed: " A ship is not going to fire rockets at sea for nothing, " he told a colleague. By this time, it was clear to those on Titanic that the ship was indeed sinking	sinking	VERB	and	CCONJ	 and
Milenko was released in four colors: red, green, purple, and gold. Each color had a different secret message that would help reveal the title of the fifth Joker's Card, The Amazing Jeckel Brothers. Music videos were filmed for " Halls of Illusions	Illusions	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
Geddes also designed an Airliner # 4 that was to fly from Chicago to London. Another key influence was Hugh Ferriss, one of the designers for the 1939 World ’ s Fair who designed bridges and huge housing complexes. He was an American delineator (one who	who	PRON	creates	VERB	 creates
He therefore looked for a deputy to take on these duties. His first choice was Richard Smith who was the mine agent to the Trustees of the 1st Earl of Dudley. However this was perceived as poaching and it led to such controversy that Smith declined the offer	offer	NOUN	and	CCONJ	 and
He left Manila on January 13, 1831, taking his captives with him. When Antarctic reached Cádiz five months later the port was under quarantine and closed. He was forced to discharge the cargo in Bordeaux, where Dako and Monday, rumored in the town to	to	PART	be	AUX	 be
Rhino was knocked out on the June 19 episode of Impact!, while on the June 26 episode of Impact! Cage was slammed through a glass table by Brother Ray. After the match at Victory Road and a Six Man Tag Team Elimination Tables match on Impact	Impact	PROPN	!	PUNCT	!
Reportedly, unscrupulous merchants wrap, paint, or remove the stalks altogether. Due to the popularity of Kan Yao, street vendors may sometimes sell a lesser variety with a long stem to unsuspecting customers. Another frequent piece of advice is to shake the fruit and listen	listen	VERB	for	ADP	 for
Only two months after the storm struck, however, Cyclone Japhet left damage and deaths in many of the same areas that Delfina affected. At 1100 UTC on December 30, 2002, the Joint Typhoon Warning Center (JTWC) noted in its Significant Tropical Weather Outlook	Outlook	PROPN	that	SCONJ	 that
Nikephoros's efforts would end tragically in the disastrous Battle of Pliska in 811, but following Harun's death on 24 March 809, the Caliphate was riven by a civil war between his sons al Amin (r. 809 – 813) and al Ma'mun (r. 813	813	NUM	–	PUNCT	 –
She is re discovered in Act 2, having fallen into decline. Though obviously under the influence of the liquor in the bottle she carries around before and after her delivery of the song ' He's Just My Bill, ' the song itself is performed straight,	,	PUNCT	with	ADP	 with
After seeing this news coverage of North Shore Towers ' ability to produce power during the blackout, city tax collectors sent energy tax bills to North Shore Towers and the Penn South co op in Chelsea, Manhattan. The tax bills were for $1 million each,	,	PUNCT	representing	VERB	 representing
A second brawl, including some players who were ejected as a result of the first, erupted before the start of the third period. Ten players were ejected from the game, and 198 penalties in minutes were handed out as a result of the incidents, which	which	PRON	proved	VERB	 proved
Campbell ordered the bemused Bester to " think back. Clear yourself. Remember! You can remember when your mother tried to abort you with a button hook. You've never stopped hating her for it. " Bester commented: " It reinforced my private opinion that	that	SCONJ	a	DET	 a
Recalling the race in 2008, Mouton said: " It started to rain I remember, and I started to pass everybody. I was running on slicks. In the pits they were saying ' Michele you must stop ', but I did not want to because	because	SCONJ	I	PRON	 I
According to Khoury, the rebels also possessed twelve light machine guns. Following the destruction of the Arab government in July 1920, the Turks became the main arms suppliers of the rebels. The rebels distinguished the Turkish armed movement in Anatolia from the Ottomans, who the	the	DET	rebels	NOUN	 rebels
The working age population (females and males between 16 and 64) is lower than England and Wales average, 60% compared to 64%. Data collected between 2010 and 2012 shows that average life expectancy at birth in the county is 85.3 years for females and	and	CCONJ	81.2	NUM	 81.2
In cases of crimes committed not within any county, the trial may by law be in such county as the laws shall have prescribed. In suits at common law, between man and man, the trial by jury, as one of the best securities to the	the	DET	rights	NOUN	 rights
Exaggerating the threat to the animal through intense eye contact, loud shouting, and any other action to appear larger and more menacing, may make the animal retreat. Fighting back with sticks and rocks, or even bare hands, is often effective in persuading an attacking	attacking	VERB	cougar	NOUN	 cougar
The Maya lacked key elements of Old World technology such as a functional wheel, horses, iron, steel, and gunpowder; they were also extremely susceptible to Old World diseases, against which they had no resistance. Before the conquest, Maya territory contained a number	number	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
In Germany, the regular presentation of Delius's works ceased at the outbreak of the war, and never resumed. Nevertheless, his standing with some continental musicians was unaffected; Beecham records that Bartók and Kodály were admirers of Delius, and the former grew into the	the	DET	habit	NOUN	 habit
This enabled him, together with Robert Sutton Harrington of the U.S. Naval Observatory, to measure the mass of the Pluto – Charon system directly by observing the moon's orbital motion around Pluto. They determined Pluto's mass to be 1.31 × 1022 kg; roughly one	one	NUM	five	NUM	 five
In the Russian and Western literatures of the 19th century, the image of Queen Tamar reflected the European conceptions of the Orient – of which Georgia was perceived as a part – and the position and characteristics of women in it. The Tyrolean writer Jakob Philipp Fallmerayer described	described	VERB	Tamar	PROPN	 Tamar
Lois sees Chris sneaking back into his room and is going to punish him but Chris tells her that Doug said he does not have to listen to her. This outrages Lois, deciding to go to Goldman's Pharmacy the next day and get some astringent to get	get	AUX	rid	VERB	 rid
St. Leger sent a detachment of light infantry from Sir John Johnson's Royal Yorkers toward the position that evening to monitor Herkimer's position, and Brant followed early the next morning with about 400 Indians and Butler's Rangers. Although many of the Indians were armed with	with	ADP	muskets	NOUN	 muskets
Experiments were made with trains of four pans, which allowed copper pipes to be carried on top of the coal for delivery to Goole, but this was short lived. Coal carrying came to an abrupt halt in 2003 when the St Aidan's opencast mine was exhausted	exhausted	VERB	and	CCONJ	 and
Fonda went to Seattle, Washington, in 1970 to support a group of Native Americans who were led by Bernie Whitebear. The group had occupied part of the grounds of Fort Lawton, which was in the process of being surplussed by the United States Army and turned	turned	VERB	into	ADP	 into
The main guns were to be between 13.78 inches (350.0 mm) and 13.8 inches (350.5 mm). It took another year and a half for this final design to be formally approved in July 1914. During this time, a further 12 designs were put	put	VERB	forth	ADV	 forth
" On January 28, Sánchez launched Voces Cubanas. This citizen journalism project seeks to provide a multimedia platform to independent bloggers in Cuba to express the realities and hardships of everyday life there. During an interview published by Global Voices, Sánchez said this was a website	website	NOUN	"	PUNCT	 "
Vietnam's monarchic tradition was built on Confucianism and the emperor's Mandate of Heaven, and Diệm's campaign claimed Bảo Đại had lost this mandate through his debauched lifestyle. According to Joseph Buttinger, who was based in Vietnam as the second in command at the International	International	PROPN	Rescue	PROPN	 Rescue
Differential diagnosis of these disorders is an active area of biomedical research. Finally, brain death results in an irreversible disruption of consciousness. While other conditions may cause a moderate deterioration (e.g., dementia and delirium) or transient interruption (e.g., grand mal and petit	petit	PROPN	mal	PROPN	 mal
It also utilizes symbolic progression, so that no symbols are introduced before the proper time. This is done to keep the sense of mystery surrounding the ceremonies and their various symbols. There is an element of mystery in the ceremonies for the sake of its effect on	on	ADP	the	DET	 the
He described the country to be " the roughest, most hilly and most cut up, " he had ever seen, and skirted the canyon south towards present day Montrose. Following his death at the hands of Ute Indians later that year, the river that Captain	Captain	PROPN	Gunnison	PROPN	 Gunnison
Based on research of Victorian morgues, the production team selected red and sepia as the main color scheme. Small pieces of paper were sprayed as snow, which caused a problem as it scared the horses. However, the snow falling from the sky was a foam	foam	NOUN	substance	NOUN	 substance
He goes on to describe the building of the canal network between roughly 1760 and 1825, noting that just one town was created by the canals, Stourport. Soon afterwards, a much more widespread transport network transformed the English landscape: the railways. Hoskins devotes over	over	ADP	a	DET	 a
Burton led the field at the restart, followed by Biffle, Ambrose, Truex and Kyle Busch. Biffle passed Burton to gain the lead in turn one, with Ambrose moving into second by turn three. Burton had dropped to sixth position by lap 76; Truex	Truex	PROPN	had	AUX	 had
The grouping of tilefish can be as dense as 13,000 burrows per square kilometer off the southern U.S. Atlantic coast, but 1,600 burrows per square kilometer were reported in inhabited areas of the Gulf of Mexico and 2,500 burrows per square kilometer near the Hudson Canyon. Tilefish burrows	burrows	NOUN	also	ADV	 also
However, there is a difference between an urn and a nightingale in that the nightingale is not an eternal entity. Furthermore, in creating any aspect of the nightingale immortal during the poem the narrator separates any union that he can have with the nightingale. The nightingale	nightingale	NOUN	's	PART	's
That trip inspired Cruz to help start a foundation to support homeless girls in India, where she sponsors two young women. She donated her salary from her first Hollywood film, The Hi Lo Country, to Mother Teresa's mission. In the early 2000s, she	she	PRON	spent	VERB	 spent
This force was known as the Second Australian Imperial Force (2nd AIF), and the 6th Division was the first to be raised. As a unit of this formation, the 2 / 3rd Battalion was formed at Victoria Barracks, Sydney, on 24 October 1939	1939	NUM	.	PUNCT	.
During the meeting, Mohandar deferred to the judgment of Hierarch Artanis. Artanis decided to launch an expedition to rescue the preserver, but didn't know where to start. Mohandar, however, believed he knew where Zamara was going — Ehlna, a Nerazim sanctuary moon	moon	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
The base would be underwater and Shepard would reach the main level by submarine. Each section of the base would be in different " containers ", and would have a similar sense to James Cameron's 1989 film The Abyss. The pack was released on March 29	29	NUM	,	PUNCT	,
On 14 August, Deputy Superintendent of Police Steve Brown announced that fourteen statements had been collected and that the investigation was progressing. As of May 2014, however, no one had been arrested or charged, and in August 2015 the crime was still considered unsolved.	.	PUNCT	In	ADP	 In
The third set of reforms was the " Childers Reforms " (again named after the Secretary of State who carried them out) of the early 1880s, which carried through the Cardwell regimental reorganisations to their logical end by completing the amalgamation of linked regiments into single two	two	NUM	battalion	NOUN	 battalion
Living cactus fences are employed as barricades. The woody parts of cacti, such as Cereus repandus and Echinopsis atacamensis, are used in buildings and in furniture. The frames of wattle and daub houses built by the Seri people of Mexico may use parts of Carnegiea gigantea	gigantea	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
The number of riders allowed per squad was nine, resulting in a start list total of 198 riders. From the riders that began the race, 153 crossed the finish line in Paris. The riders came from 31 countries; France, Spain, Netherlands, Italy	Italy	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
Rodin's most original work departed from traditional themes of mythology and allegory, modeled the human body with realism, and celebrated individual character and physicality. Rodin was sensitive to the controversy surrounding his work, but refused to change his style. Successive works brought increasing favor	favor	NOUN	from	ADP	 from
He also returned some financial stability to the colony which had struggled during the Great Depression. Hart was knighted as a Knight Commander of the Order of the British Empire for his services in Samoa shortly before completing his term as administrator and returning to New Zealand in July	July	PROPN	1935	NUM	 1935
Morales gathered together a largely inexperienced cabinet made up of indigenous activists and leftist intellectuals, although over the first three years of government there was a rapid turnover in the cabinet as Morales replaced many of the indigenous members with trained middle class leftist politicians. This process would	would	AUX	increase	VERB	 increase
Bryan chose the multiple falls format to prevent Sheamus from scoring another quick victory. Another rivalry heading into Extreme Rules was between Randy Orton and Kane. In July 2011, Kane lost in a Street Fight to Orton, and the two shook hands after the match as	as	ADP	a	DET	 a
The Chinese contestants go through a camp. In others, such as the USA, possible participants go through a series of easier standalone competitions that gradually increase in difficulty. In the USA, the tests include the American Mathematics Competitions, the American Invitational Mathematics Examination,	,	PUNCT	and	CCONJ	 and
The character Ephraim Fabricant was named for real life murderer Valery Fabrikant, a mechanical engineering professor who shot dead four of his colleagues in what became known as the Concordia University massacre. In addition, the character's back story and demise were both intended to echo the	the	DET	case	NOUN	 case
After the war, Garfield became a proponent of black suffrage, though he admitted that the idea of African Americans as political equals with whites gave him " a strong feeling of repugnance ". The new president, Johnson, sought the rapid restoration of the Southern states	states	NOUN	during	ADP	 during
Zemeckis and Gale said that they had set the story in 1955 because a 17 year old traveling to meet his parents at the same age arithmetically required the script to travel to that decade. The era also marked the rise of teenagers as an important cultural element,	,	PUNCT	the	DET	 the
The highway connects Port Colborne near Lake Erie with Highway 406 in Welland, via the Main Street Tunnel. It was constructed in the early 1970s as part of the Welland Bypass project of the Welland Canal, which resulted in the severance of several highways and rail lines	lines	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
The FRELIMO soldiers often operated in small groups of ten to fifteen soldiers. The scattered nature of FRELIMO's initial attacks was an attempt to disperse the Portuguese forces. The Portuguese troops began to suffer losses in November, fighting in the northern region of Xilama. With	With	ADP	increasing	VERB	 increasing
Many of his articles in The Fatherland were hyperbolic, for instance comparing Kaiser Wilhelm II to Jesus Christ; in July 1915 he orchestrated a publicity stunt – reported on by The New York Times – in which he declared independence for Ireland in front of the Statue of	of	ADP	Liberty	PROPN	 Liberty
Such a course would be inflationary, but advocates argued that the economic benefits of the increased money supply would be worth the inflation; opponents warned that " free silver " would not bring the promised benefits and would harm the United States in international trade. McKinley voted	voted	VERB	for	ADP	 for
Tracing can occur at both the common law and equity. It is not a remedy for breach of trust; tracing is merely the process of identifying the property. It is then up to the courts to decide what will happen to it. Common law tracing is	is	AUX	where	SCONJ	 where
Its maximum range was 4,800 yards (4,400 m) although the effective range was under 1,000 yards (910 m). The cyclic rate of fire was 450 rounds per minute, but the practical rate was between 250 and 320 rounds per minute owing to the need	need	NOUN	to	PART	 to
He subsequently attended the RAF College of Air Warfare. In January 1963, Evans was transferred to Air Staff Division, Canberra, where he helped formulate operational requirements for a new RAAF bomber. His final specification included a payload of 14,000 lb (6,400 kg),	,	PUNCT	speed	NOUN	 speed
The show starred (in order of episode appearances) Carey, Diedrich Bader, Kathy Kinney, Ryan Stiles (all in every episode); Craig Ferguson (starring role in seasons 2 – 8 and guest appearances in 9); Christa Miller (seasons 1 –	–	PUNCT	7	NUM	 7
But the events of the war had strengthened the pro confederate party in the city council, and the Swiss recognized the city's strategic position as a bridgehead on the Rhine (like Schaffhausen, too). On June 9, 1501, a delegation from Basel and	and	CCONJ	the	DET	 the
His strong performances led to his inclusion in the Asia Cup squad. He played three matches and did not get a chance to bat but he proved himself with the ball taking 4 / 32 in the first match of the series against Sri Lanka. He picked up	up	ADP	two	NUM	 two
Unable to break a passage through the ice, they steamed to the Falkland Islands to obtain a more suitable vessel. By now news of the fate of the expedition had reached Britain. Despite messages of goodwill and support, the only British vessel that could be found	found	VERB	was	AUX	 was
Al Fox for BBC Music described the song as " a gargantuan power ballad " and that it displays Burke's " rich and emotive vocals. " Fox also compared the song to the work of Bonnie Tyler and Beyoncé Knowles. Nick Levine for Digital Spy wrote that	that	SCONJ	Overcome	PROPN	 Overcome
However, Switzerland does participate in the Schengen Area. A large number of international institutions have their seats in Switzerland, in part because of its policy of neutrality. Geneva is the birthplace of the Red Cross and Red Crescent Movement and the Geneva Conventions and, since	since	SCONJ	2006	NUM	 2006
The Alchemist is currently Eminem's tour DJ. In 2005 Eminem signed another Atlanta rapper, Bobby Creekwater, and West Coast rapper Cashis to Shady Records. On December 5, 2006, the compilation album Eminem Presents: The Re Up was released on Shady Records.	.	PUNCT	The	DET	 The
As Turkey imported 72 percent of its energy in 2013, the government decided to invest in nuclear power to reduce imports. Three nuclear power stations are to be built by 2023. Turkey has the fifth highest direct utilization and capacity of geothermal power in the world.	.	PUNCT	Turkey	PROPN	 Turkey
" Speed of Sound " was marked as Coldplay's most successful single until " Viva la Vida ", reached number one in 2008. A live recording of " In My Place " from Glastonbury Festival 2011 was released to download on 26 June 2011. The music	music	NOUN	video	NOUN	 video
The majority of wine produced in the Languedoc are labeled vin ordinaire. There is also sizable production of Vins Doux Naturels. The introduction of the vins de pays, a classification produced under less stringent regulations than those of an AOC, opened up the Languedoc wine industry	industry	NOUN	to	ADP	 to
Bale did insist on doing shots on the Batpod himself, but was prohibited by the team fearing his safety. Nolan designed Two Face's appearance in the film as one of the least disturbing, explaining, " When we looked at less extreme versions of it,	,	PUNCT	they	PRON	 they
In 1946, Magnusson established the use of stem cells from bone marrow with the first surgical debridement of an OCD lesion. These cells typically differentiate into fibrocartilage and rarely form hyaline cartilage. While small lesions can be resurfaced using this form of surgery, the repair tissue	tissue	NOUN	tends	VERB	 tends
Of three attempts to measure this rate at Trinity, Rossi's was the only one that was fully successful. With the success of the Manhattan Project and the Radiation Laboratory, MIT moved into a new era of " big science " funded by the US government.	.	PUNCT	MIT	PROPN	 MIT
Further conspiracy theories were reported in the 2006 non fiction book The Sion Revelation: The Truth About the Guardians of Christ's Sacred Bloodline by Lynn Picknett and Clive Prince (authors of the 1997 non fiction book The Templar Revelation, the principal source for Dan Brown's	's	PART	claims	NOUN	 claims
Ovidiu recounts a story, in an interview filmed in February 2007, about kidnapping a prostitute and selling her for sex when he was 14. He expresses no remorse for these actions. The sentences served by Traian and Ovidiu were short enough that, by the time	time	NOUN	the	DET	 the
The demo included only the initial portion of the game, which contained the game's introductory cinematic and narration, the tutorial and the Overlord's battle to free human peasants from a Halfling operated slave camp. During post release, along with patches, by August there	there	PRON	were	VERB	 were
The ship was decommissioned in June 1924 and began a refit that lasted into 1926, during which her aft control tower and searchlight platform was removed, when she was recommissioned to serve in the 2nd Light Cruiser Squadron of the Mediterranean Fleet where she participated in a fleet	fleet	NOUN	exercise	NOUN	 exercise
Eventually, the overhead from communication dominates the time spent solving the problem, and further parallelization (that is, splitting the workload over even more threads) increases rather than decreases the amount of time required to finish. This is known as parallel slowdown. Applications are	are	AUX	often	ADV	 often
She is given instructions by Emily about where to leave the items and is told not to speak with anyone in the home. Andy arrives at Miranda's home only to discover that the instructions she received are vague. As she tries to figure out what to do	do	VERB	,	PUNCT	,
A running gag in the film is mission commander Melissa Lewis's love for 1970s songs (especially of the disco genre), which are the only music available to Watney on Mars and often appear as diegetic music. Non original songs featured in the film include:	:	PUNCT	"	PUNCT	 "
In a sea of hands, literally, Dev manages to tease you, seduce you and entice you. She makes you want to touch her, just like every other hand in the video. " Contessa Gayles of AOL Music referred the video to as " freaky	freaky	X	"	PUNCT	 "
The current population is much smaller, and the low level of recruitment and lack of juveniles suggests that the species may become endangered. Although juvenile and adult J. lagostoma are almost exclusively terrestrial, the larvae are marine and planktonic. In order to release their offspring,	,	PUNCT	the	DET	 the
He qualified for pole position five times (in Malaysia, Spain, Monaco Turkey and Belgium); won four races (Spain, Monaco, Britain and Hungary); finished second in Malaysia, Belgium, Japan and Brazil and third in Turkey and Singapore. After	After	ADP	the	DET	 the
By accurately estimating prevailing and emerging traffic conditions, this technology is expected to allow variable pricing, together with improved overall traffic management, including the provision of information in advance to alert drivers about conditions ahead, and the prices being charged at that moment. In 2010	2010	NUM	the	DET	 the
Beecham married Betty in 1943, and they were a devoted couple until her death in 1958. On 10 August 1959, two years before his death, he married in Zurich his former secretary, Shirley Hudson, who had worked for the Royal Philharmonic Orchestra's administration	administration	NOUN	since	SCONJ	 since
The parkland is almost square in shape, with a section curving out from the south border. It consists of " one huge grassed area " with " lumps and bumps ". The Cheshire historian George Ormerod, writing in 1819, considered that this area contained a	a	DET	tilting	NOUN	 tilting
Jan was the ninth child of eleven that his parents had. He grew up in a kamienica building on Floriańska Street. After the death of his mother in 1845, Jan and his siblings were cared for by his maternal aunt, Anna Zamojska. At a young	young	ADJ	age	NOUN	 age
Success depended on Worsley's navigation, based on sightings attempted during the very brief appearances of the sun, as the boat pitched and rolled. The first observation was made after two days, and showed them to be 128 nautical miles (237 km; 147 mi	mi	NOUN	)	PUNCT	)
Despite the high casualties, the battle allowed much of the British Band, including many women and children, to escape across the river. Black Hawk had managed to hold off a much larger force while allowing most of his people to escape, a difficult military operation	operation	NOUN	that	PRON	 that
But how is it possible that the world " carves up " into certain structures and categories, the mind carves up the world into its own categories and structures, and the two " carvings " perfectly coincide? The answer must be that the world does not come	come	VERB	pre	ADJ	 pre
Kent is located in west central Portage County in Northeast Ohio approximately 10 miles (20 km) northeast of Akron and 30 miles (50 km) southeast of Cleveland. It is bordered by Franklin Township on the north and east, Brimfield Township on the south,	,	PUNCT	and	CCONJ	 and
The historian Loren J. Samons II argues, however, that Pericles had enough resources to make a political mark by private means, had he so chosen. In 461 BC, Pericles achieved the political elimination of this opponent using ostracism. The accusation was that Cimon betrayed	betrayed	VERB	his	PRON	 his
Official religious practices, which maintained maat for the benefit of all Egypt, were related to, but distinct from, the religious practices of ordinary people, who sought the gods ' help for their personal problems. Official religion involved a variety of rituals, based in	in	ADP	temples	NOUN	 temples
Thus, proceeding by elimination, archeologists and egyptologists have formally recognized the Headless Pyramid as that of Menkauhor. The pyramid is estimated to have been around 50 – 60 m (160 – 200 ft) at the base, so that the edifice would have stood 40	40	NUM	–	PUNCT	 –
They were the ancestors of the cannon. The 14th century Huolongjing was also one of the first Chinese texts to carefully describe to the use of explosive land mines, which had been used by the late Song Chinese against the Mongols in 1277, and employed by the	the	DET	Yuan	PROPN	 Yuan
This had never been revealed because of the insurance implications. In the event, Titanic's heading changed just in time to avoid a head on collision, but the change in direction caused the ship to strike the iceberg with a glancing blow. An underwater spur of	of	ADP	ice	NOUN	 ice
Some episodes later, she became a permanent member of the Night Shift as a CSI Level 3 at the LVPD Criminalistics Bureau, specialising in Materials and Element Analysis. In Season 8, Sidle briefly changed from Nights to Swing. In the Season 10 premiere, it	it	PRON	is	AUX	 is
Though the temple faces the inauspicious south, - according to a local tradition - the deity faces north, with his back to his worshipper and his face visible on the other side of the mountain. The Peshwa rulers even tried in vain to locate the face of	of	ADP	Ganesha	PROPN	 Ganesha
Ireland consists of Old Irish Eriu + English land. Eriu derives from Proto Celtic * Iveriu (compare Welsh Iwerddon), which is also the source of Latin Hibernia. Iveriu derives from a root meaning " fat, prosperous ". During the last glacial period,	,	PUNCT	and	CCONJ	 and
As part of its Hall of Fame weekend, Cal wore throwback jerseys based on its 1975 team in honor of All American quarterback Joe Roth; it was the third team to wear throwback jerseys in their game against the Trojans. Linebacker Keith Rivers suffered a high ankle	ankle	NOUN	sprain	NOUN	 sprain
He graded the production of the song as " C- ", writing " The end result is the song doesn ’ t make any sense, and is just confusing to listen to. " Thom Jurek of Allmusic criticized the instrumentation of the song, saying " This	This	PRON	could	AUX	 could
These included Type 284 radar for surface gunnery control, Type 285 anti aircraft gunnery radar, and a Type 281 air warning radar. When her repairs were completed in September 1941, she spent several months working up. On 8 December Kent sailed from Scapa Flow carrying	carrying	VERB	the	DET	 the
The city is home to eleven Catholic churches and six Episcopal churches. A significant Jewish presence has existed in Albany since as early as 1658, and today includes many synagogues; there are two Conservative, a Chabad Lubavitch, an Orthodox, and two Reform synagogues.	.	PUNCT	Albany	PROPN	 Albany
It was, however, fairly short lived. In 1999, the Hamersley Reference Group was formed to advise then Federal Member for Stirling Jann McFarlane MHR on issues related to the ABC radio transmission towers and their effect on local residents. It was renamed to Radio Interference	Interference	PROPN	Group	PROPN	 Group
Its computer threw the entire album out of phase. Shields was able to put it back together from memory, yet when it came to mastering the album, to Creation's dismay, he needed 13 days, rather than the usual one day. As the previously	previously	ADV	prolific	ADJ	 prolific
The only exceptions to this rule are the promotions to cadet airman and cadet staff sergeant, which have no aerospace test. For some achievements, an additional test of drill proficiency is required. In the new promotion system, effective as of 2010, there is a	a	DET	drill	NOUN	 drill
This educational message is especially appropriate considering Ballantyne's adolescent audience, " the future rulers of the world ". Modern critics find darker undertones in the novel. In an essay published in College English in 2001, Martine Dutheil states that The Coral Island can be thought	thought	VERB	of	ADP	 of
On 8 January 1948, Decree nr. 3 was issued, regarding specifications for the powers of the Presidium of the Romanian People ’ s Republic. At article 7, this provided that the republic ’ s new coat of arms should be “ composed of: a	a	DET	tractor	NOUN	 tractor
By 2010, Hall was the captain of North Hobart, and was one of only four players in the TFL to have senior AFL experience. Hall had another good season in 2010; he won his second George Miller Medal, and was described by his coach as	as	ADP	one	NUM	 one
However, General Abdul Nasution said that Suharto took great care in preparing the " General Offensive " (Indonesian Serangan Umum). Civilians sympathetic to the Republican cause within the city had been galvanised by the show of force which proved that the Dutch had failed to win	win	VERB	the	DET	 the
Fledglings continue to be fed by their parents for another one or two weeks. A pair can raise up to three broods per year, frequently reusing and relining the same nest, although two broods is typical, or just one north of 48oN. Within two months,	,	PUNCT	most	ADJ	 most
Ditko recalled that, " Stan called Jack about the Fly ", adding that " [d] ays later, Stan told me I would be penciling the story panel breakdowns from Stan's synopsis ". It was at this point that the nature of the strip	strip	NOUN	changed	VERB	 changed
However, this can be excused by his age. He is an almost beardless youth, unable to fully understand the workings of his own emotions, in the middle of an adolescent infatuation, more in love with love and his image of Cressida than the real woman	woman	NOUN	herself	PRON	 herself
On May 6, 1963, Time magazine celebrated its 40th anniversary at the hotel. The event was attended by some 1500 celebrities, including General Douglas MacArthur, Jean Monnet, Henry Cabot Lodge, Bob Hope, Joe Louis, David O. Selznick, Secretary of State	State	PROPN	Dean	PROPN	 Dean
Secretary of Treasure Memminger had expected that the tariff would bring in about 25 million dollars in revenue in the first year alone. In fact, the total revenue raised in this way during the entire war was only about $3.4 million. A similar source of funds	funds	NOUN	was	AUX	 was
Collingwood was then rested for the home Test series against Bangladesh, however returned for the five match ODI series against Australia in June. During the second match, he overtook Alec Stewart's record to become England's all time leading runscorer in the format. Following poor	poor	ADJ	batting	NOUN	 batting
Keppel Jones comments that Lobengula might have felt that it would be harder to repudiate the document later if it bore the marks of his izinDuna alongside his own. Within hours, Rudd and Dreyer were hurrying south to present the document to Rhodes, travelling by mule cart	cart	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
An illusion is defined as a false sensory perception in the presence of an external stimulus, in other words a distortion of a sensory experience, and may be recognized as such by the subject. A pseudohallucination is experienced in internal or subjective space (for example as	as	ADP	"	PUNCT	 "
Over the centuries, Anne has inspired or been mentioned in numerous artistic and cultural works. As a result, she has remained in the popular memory and has been called " the most influential and important queen consort England has ever had. " Many legends and fantastic	fantastic	ADJ	stories	NOUN	 stories
After continuing to search for acting work, in 1987 Cartwright auditioned for a role in a series of animated shorts about a dysfunctional family that was to appear on The Tracey Ullman Show. Cartwright intended to audition for the role of Lisa Simpson, the middle child;	;	PUNCT	when	SCONJ	 when
Whilst wool remained an important part of the town's economy into the 19th (and even 20th) centuries, other industries were established in the town. A bell foundry started in 1684 by William Cockey grew to be a major producer of components for the developing gas	gas	NOUN	industry	NOUN	 industry
In session with Dr. Kroger, Monk remembers details of the shooting. Monk and Natalie return to the roof where the shooting took place. Monk remembers that there was a walkie talkie in Kenworthy's bag. He explains that Kenworthy contacted his ex cons to carry out	out	ADP	a	DET	 a
Extremes range from − 17° F (− 27° C) on February 9, 1934 to 104° F (40° C) on August 2, 1975; the record cold daily maximum is 1° F (− 17° C) on February	February	PROPN	5	NUM	 5
Newspapers seemed to suggest that the ash had traveled for more than 150 miles (240 km), reaching the opposite side of the Cook Inlet. The volcano erupted on December 14, 1989, and continued to erupt for over six months. Sudden melting of snow	snow	NOUN	and	CCONJ	 and
The son of Greek immigrants, he was accepted by recruiters only after Greece joined the Allies in late 1940. Following spells with No. 65 Squadron and No. 266 (Rhodesia) Squadron, he joined No. 249 (Gold Coast) Squadron in Malta in	in	ADP	March	PROPN	 March
Zend Technologies provides a PHP Certification based on PHP 5.5 exam for programmers to become certified PHP developers. There are two primary ways for adding support for PHP to a web server – as a native web server module, or as a CGI executable. PHP has a	a	DET	direct	ADJ	 direct
Beginning in 1926, one of the proposals Stevens focused on for the next several years was the " Wages for Wives " marriage contract. Campaigning vigorously for its adoption, the " Wages for Wives " proposal called for a flexible contract which split marital assets 50 50	50	NUM	rather	ADV	 rather
In 2014, Washington's portrayal of Pope and her promotion of Pope's style earned her acclaim as a style influencer from the Accessories Council. Paolo attempted to make Pope stand apart from the black, gray and dark blue colors of DC by outfitting her in "	"	PUNCT	chic	ADJ	 chic
The song was featured on Jackson's seventh studio album, Bad (1987), and was its eighth single in February 1989, but was released outside of the United States and Canada. " Leave Me Alone " was recorded during the original album sessions but the	the	DET	song	NOUN	 song
In late 2008 Chambers signed a book deal, covering his athletics career and drug usage, and stated his desire to become a sprint coach when his track career was finished. He had his second child, a boy named Rocco, that November. Charles van Commenee	Commenee	PROPN	's	PART	's
The courtship / spawning sequence lasts one to three hours, and can repeat up to five times. Courtship begins when a female approaches the nest. The ritual consists of intermittent nose bites, nudges, and chasing behavior by the male until the female becomes receptive,	,	PUNCT	at	ADP	 at
The Democratic Party holds most public offices. Registered Republicans are a minority in the borough, only constituting approximately 12% of the electorate. Registered Republicans are more than 20% of the electorate only in the neighborhoods of the Upper East Side and the Financial District.	.	PUNCT	The	DET	 The
The first song featured in the episode is " Sugalumps. " This song is a parody of The Black Eyed Peas ' hit " My Humps " which The Yale Herald wrote was based around the premise that " balls are significantly more hilarious than boobs ". In	In	ADP	addition	NOUN	 addition
Despite widespread concern about the welfare of free roaming cats, the lifespans of neutered feral cats in managed colonies compare favorably with those of pet cats. Neutered cats in managed colonies can also live long lives. Cats can suffer from a wide range of health problems,	,	PUNCT	including	VERB	 including
Turner executed a scoring drive and completed four of six passes, but also threw two interceptions. He sat out the next two games and then took one snap against Wake Forest. When the unranked Terps faced 10th ranked Rutgers, Steffy suffered a concussion and Turner again	again	ADV	filled	VERB	 filled
The 197 cars were built by Strømmens Verksted, Norsk Elektrisk & Brown Boveri and AEG between 1960 and 1981. They were the first metro trains used in Oslo, and had remained in active use until being replaced by OS MX3000 trains in 2007. Each car is	is	AUX	equipped	VERB	 equipped
" In the opinion of many film historians and aficionados, both at the time and subsequently, silent film had reached an aesthetic peak by the late 1920s and the early years of sound cinema delivered little that was comparable to the best of the silents. For instance	instance	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
Palimpsests were created by scraping the ink from existing works and reusing them, which was a common practice in the Middle Ages as vellum was expensive. The older works in the palimpsest were identified by scholars as 10th century AD copies of previously unknown treatises by Archimedes.	.	PUNCT	The	DET	 The
' Yes, the new season is that good ", concluding his review by giving the season an A + rating. For season four, 87% of Rotten Tomatoes ' 35 critic reviews were positive, with an average score of 7.8 / 10. The site	site	NOUN	's	PART	's
To communicate with smell, which is useful at night, lemurs will scent mark with urine as well as scent glands located on the wrists, inside elbow, genital regions, or the neck. The scrotal skin of most male lemurs has scent glands. Ruffed lemurs	lemurs	NOUN	(	PUNCT	 (
Since her intermediate refueling stop at Bodrum was beyond her limited range, UB 14 departed Pola under tow from an Austrian destroyer on 15 July 1915. UB 14's engine and gyrocompass broke down while off Crete, leaving the boat dead in the water for a time	time	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
Hudds Mill Lock was almost at the start of the cut. The canal flowed initially to the east, but turned to the north east to cross the River Gwash at right angles. It then entered Uffington Park, where the remains of the weir that regulated river	river	NOUN	levels	NOUN	 levels
Similarly, ATP Masters / ATP Masters 1000 events have been dominated by the Big Four. Djokovic leads with a record 29 titles followed by Nadal (28), Federer (24), and Murray (12). Since 2005, spanning 104 events, they	they	PRON	have	AUX	 have
Westley also gave first team opportunities to players who had progressed through the club's youth system, most notably George Boyd. The squad originally struggled to perform, losing five games in the first eight games of the club's league campaign. However, two victories by	by	ADP	wide	ADJ	 wide
" The ensuing vote fell 25 short of the needed two thirds majority to expel the Sinful Seven. In 1951, the football team's 10 – 0 season culminated in a 28 – 13 victory over first ranked Tennessee in the 1952 Sugar Bowl. Maryland's participation	participation	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
However, scientists eventually realized the cause was a then unknown fault, the Cottage Grove Fault, a small tear in the Earth's rock in the Southern Illinois Basin near the city of Harrisburg, Illinois. The fault, which is aligned east – west, is	is	AUX	connected	VERB	 connected
US 31 meets the southern terminus of M 120 and turns easterly along a freeway segment in Muskegon Township to terminate at US 31. The first bypass of Muskegon opened to traffic in 1932 to the east of downtown; it was designated US 31A. This first alternate route	route	NOUN	and	CCONJ	 and
Publicized later was an internal report within the LAPD and Los Angeles County DCFS which showed the DCFS had cleared Jackson early on of unfounded molestation charges from the Chandlers, and later from the Arvizos in 2003. On December 22, Jackson responded to the allegations and everything	everything	PRON	that	PRON	 that
In the early 1940s he tried to buy the NFL's Cleveland Rams, owned by millionaire supermarket heir Dan Reeves, but was rebuffed. Having been awarded the Cleveland franchise in the AAFC, McBride asked Cleveland Plain Dealer sportswriter John Dietrich for head coaching suggestions. Dietrich	Dietrich	PROPN	recommended	VERB	 recommended
Lettre Ouverte aux Catholiques Perplexes (in French). Paris: A. Michel. ISBN 978 2 226 02325 4. Lefebvre, Marcel (1997). Against the Heresies. Kansas City, Mo.: Angelus Press. ISBN 978 0 935952 28 5. Lefebvre,	,	PUNCT	Marcel	PROPN	 Marcel
An edited version of the song was then released on Celine's album All the Way... A Decade of Song. On Celine's Falling Into You album the song's original length is seven minutes and thirty seven seconds while on her All The Way album it is	is	AUX	only	ADV	 only
Carey wrote ballads that were closer to R & B than pop for this album, and worked with Snoop Dogg and Usher on songs such as " Crybaby " and " How Much ", both of which featured strong R & B beats and grooves. Several of	of	ADP	the	DET	 the
Along parts of Nescopeck Creek, there are a large number of shrub like oak trees. In the Nescopeck Creek watershed, there are prolific forests of oak, chestnut, and hemlock trees. The entire Nescopeck Creek watershed has a high level of biodiversity, with the	the	DET	most	ADV	 most
He used a whip only on Emma, the most rebellious of them. Her mother provided scarce comfort, calling only rarely on Abraham to tone down his beatings. Goldman later speculated that her father's furious temper was at least partly a result of sexual frustration.	.	PUNCT	Goldman	PROPN	 Goldman
Symptoms include a short stilted gait or " bunny hopping, " and in rare cases ventroflexion of the neck accompanied by a kyphotic posture. There is a small incidence of other conditions, such as autoimmune diseases and deafness in Labradors, either congenitally or later in life	life	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
Known as " The Queen of the Hebrides ", it lies in Argyll just south west of Jura and around 40 kilometres (25 mi) north of the Irish coast. The island's capital is Bowmore where the distinctive round Kilarrow Parish Church and a distillery are	are	AUX	located	VERB	 located
At the Secret Garden Party, in September 2006, Allen made a rendition of the song and afterwards stated: " The festival was well good, particularly as Lester, my ex, who I wrote ' Smile ' about, and subsequently sold his story to the	the	DET	papers	NOUN	 papers
Jay Is Games ' John Bardinelli found the game's unusual premise to be the source of its playability, " The raw dose of driving, destruction and dinosaurs is enough to get just about any gamer's blood pumping ". Despite this, he found the game	game	NOUN	's	PART	's
More highly educated community members, particularly among the noble class, work in salaried positions as government officials, teachers and a variety of other trades and professions. The SIRAMA national sugar company factories are located in Antankarana territory and employ many migrants, but relatively few Antankarana	Antankarana	PROPN	as	SCONJ	 as
Then, in 1195, there were widespread problems with law and order across England, including the South West, and on the basis of this Richard's government decided to build a fortification for holding royal prisoners in Lydford, further along the west side of the town	town	NOUN	from	ADP	 from
After recovering most of the power stars and defeating Bowser's minions, Yoshi acquires keys that access other areas of the castle, where he finds Mario and his friends captured. First, Yoshi defeats Goomboss and frees Mario as they continue searching the castle to find more	more	ADJ	Power	PROPN	 Power
Three days after the murder, the Gay and Lesbian Liaison Unit of the D.C. police were called in, but unit head Sgt. Brett Parson declined to discuss the unit's involvement. Within two weeks of the murder, police publicly alleged that the crime scene had	had	AUX	been	AUX	 been
Janmaat and Schuurman, who were to marry in 1996, dominated the party. With Schuurman's son head of the party office, the Centre Democrats became almost a family affair. Janmaat remained skeptical of initiatives outside his own control, and expelled multiple local council members	members	NOUN	from	ADP	 from
Nosema ceranae, was found in high concentrations in the majority of the bees tested, even after administering large doses of the antibiotic fumagillin. Maryann Frazier commented, " Pesticides alone have not shown they are the cause of CCD. We believe that it is a combination	combination	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
" I Hear You, I See You " received generally positive reviews. According to Nielsen Media Research, it was seen by an average 7.69 million viewers, a decline from the first season premiere in March 2010. Adam (Peter Krause) is stressed about work	work	NOUN	because	SCONJ	 because
Out of India's 3119 towns and cities, just 209 have partial treatment facilities, and only 8 have full wastewater treatment facilities (WHO 1992). 114 cities dump untreated sewage and partially cremated bodies directly into the Ganges River. Downstream, the untreated water is	is	AUX	used	VERB	 used
In 1933, almost two years after her death, Tanzler removed Hoyos's body from its tomb, and lived with the corpse at his home for seven years until its discovery by Hoyos's relatives and authorities in 1940. Tanzler went by many names; he was	was	AUX	listed	VERB	 listed
In the end, the raid marked the end of the castle's career as a fortress. New and more powerful forts were built farther down the Medway and on the Isle of Grain with the aim of preventing enemies reaching Chatham, thus making the castle redundant.	.	PUNCT	It	PRON	 It
Two appear to be undisturbed. Numerous finds including Early Bronze Age axes and cremation urns were recovered from these tumuli, which have been consistently found to be between 3500 and 4000 years old. One of the barrows (south of where the thatched barn now stands)	)	PUNCT	contained	VERB	 contained
Bradford played no recorded pre season friendlies. Instead, Campbell and Cutts, decided on the first selection for the opening game of the season with Grimsby Town by playing a series of Whites v Stripes games between professionals already signed by the club and amateur players. The	The	DET	first	ADJ	 first
It was initially stated that 630 people had died during the storm; however, this total does not include victims discovered by the Mexican army. During the afternoon of October 2, the local government had placed the confirmed death toll at 397. Two days later,	,	PUNCT	the	DET	 the
The new main line would then have been the same size as the Aire and Calder Navigation, although some of the bridges would have had less clearance. In 1972, a further proposal for a £2 million scheme to upgrade the waterway to handle 700 tonne barges	barges	VERB	up	ADP	 up
The council launches several media campaigns a year against the producers and advertisers of television programs they perceive to be indecent. A typical campaign involves press releases declaring a particular program harmful (often with a tally of " unacceptable " character behavior or situations), the organized	organized	VERB	mass	NOUN	 mass
The game was released in North America on May 26, 2009, in Europe on May 29, 2009, in Australia on June 4, 2009 and in Japan on November 5, 2009. In Infamous, the player controls the protagonist Cole MacGrath, a bike	bike	NOUN	messenger	NOUN	 messenger
Entering 2007, Baseball America rated Hughes the Yankees ' # 1 prospect, said he had the best curveball and best control in the Yankee system, and called him " arguably the best pitching prospect in the minors. " Baseball America also named him the fourth best	best	ADJ	prospect	NOUN	 prospect
The upper portion bears the wheelcase, supercharger and accessories; and carries the cylinder blocks, crankshaft main bearings (split mild steel shells lined with lead bronze alloy), and part of the housing for the airscrew reduction gear. The lower half forms an oil sump	sump	NOUN	and	CCONJ	 and
A 4,317 name petition to the same effect was submitted to the council three months later. Marches and rallies also took place. After the new master plan was submitted and approved, further action was taken by protestors; this was focused on the Harvest Forestry building at	at	ADP	the	DET	 the
When adapting The Kite Runner for the theatre, Director Eric Rose stated that he was drawn into the narrative by the " themes of betraying your best friend for the love of your father ", which he compared to Shakespearean literature. Throughout the story, Amir craves	craves	VERB	his	PRON	 his
He is quoted as saying that he would like " to be remembered as someone who made people take British clothing seriously ". The Timothy Everest brand has three levels of tailoring. ' Bespoke ' is aimed at young professionals with the means to purchase bespoke tailoring,	,	PUNCT	but	CCONJ	 but
The film takes place in the future in Scotland, which has been quarantined because of a deadly virus. When the virus is found in London, political leaders send a team led by Major Eden Sinclair (Rhona Mitra) to Scotland to find a possible cure.	.	PUNCT	Sinclair	NOUN	 Sinclair
" from the 1976 film Taxi Driver. Jim wraps Cece in an Arcade Fire shirt, a reference to the Canadian indie rock band. Pam references the miracle of Jesus feeding the multitude, claiming that she and Jim are " gonna need a loaves and fishes	fishes	NOUN	kind	NOUN	 kind
Nowitzki averages just over one block per game and never made an All Defense Team. However, playing more around the perimeter took him out of position where a typical power forward would be detracted from his overall defensive stats. Despite rarely blocking shots, he is ranked	ranked	VERB	8th	ADV	 8th
Using satellite images, researchers discovered that city climates have a noticeable influence on plant growing seasons up to 10 kilometers (6.2 miles) away from a city's edges. Growing seasons in 70 cities in eastern North America were about 15 days longer in urban areas compared	compared	VERB	to	ADP	 to
Hill likened an early scene that shows Kilgrave asking Jones to smile, and her obliging, to " similar well meaning scenarios [that] play out in the real world time and again each day " many in the form of gendered street harassment, that resonates with	with	ADP	many	ADJ	 many
Lyrically, as an artist, I think I've written some of the best lyrics I've ever written. " Lecrae provided insight into the album's concept during an interview with Family Christian, stating that " Gravity is loosely based on Ecclesiastes and I think what	what	PRON	Solomon	PROPN	 Solomon
Four pairs of guns were positioned as fore and aft chase guns on the upper and main decks. The remaining 16 guns were mounted on the broadside amidships. The seven inch (178 mm) gun weighed 6.5 long tons (6.6 t) and fired a 112	112	NUM	pound	NOUN	 pound
As Superintendent of Police, Walstab's influence ensured a close link between the police and the NGVR, with the police stores organisation controlling the issue of arms and equipment and police guards manning the NGVR's store and parade ground. The men were all white Australian or	or	CCONJ	European	ADJ	 European
Rappard noted that the inspiration for the group was the prevalence of underused game ideas due to a lack of interest from business communities, and the financial cost of hiring experienced developers to develop an idea for a video game. The group was also skeptical of education only	only	ADJ	projects	NOUN	 projects
The cyclone moved at a quick pace towards the west northwest south of a warm core ridge. Early on the morning on October 16, Roslyn became a tropical storm. By the morning of the October 17, Roslyn had developed into a hurricane south of Acapulco.	.	PUNCT	A	DET	 A
People who kept more traditional ways had settlements along the Tamiami Trail and tended to speak the Mikasuki language. They later were federally recognized in 1962 as the Miccosukee Tribe of Indians of Florida. As metropolitan areas in South Florida began to grow, the two groups were	were	AUX	closely	ADV	 closely
The lands surrounding his Lambeth manor house continued to be known as Falkes ' Hall, later Vauxhall. With the exception of housing around the New Spring Gardens (later Vauxhall Gardens) pleasure park, opened in around 1661, the land at Vauxhall remained sparsely populated into	into	ADP	the	DET	 the
" In what was described by Chinese media – watchers as a surprise because of its historical professionalism, China Youth Daily published an article containing Beijing students ' expressions of anger and disbelief over the decision to award the Nobel Peace Prize to Liu. The journal employed the	the	DET	traditional	ADJ	 traditional
Published in 1972, it is one of the first historical studies of slavery in the United States to be presented from the perspective of the enslaved. The Slave Community contradicted those historians who had interpreted history to suggest that African American slaves were docile and submissive " Sambos	Sambos	PROPN	"	PUNCT	 "
After Shackleton left with the James Caird, Frank Wild took command of the Elephant Island party, some of whom were in a low state, physically or mentally: Lewis Rickinson had suffered a suspected heart attack; Blackborow was unable to walk, due to frostbitten feet	feet	NOUN	;	PUNCT	;
The fact isn't new but the phenomenon is getting worse and is concerning. The peloton of stayaways has grown to the point where Paris – Roubaix is now only for a tight group of specialists... especially the Belgians, capable of maintaining high speed on the cobbles	cobbles	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
However, the responsibility of the gentile Poles for the Jedwabne pogrom has been highly disputed, with some sources stating that the Germans were the principal authors of the massacre. Though some Jews had initially benefited from the effects of the Soviet invasion, this occupation soon began	began	VERB	to	PART	 to
Whitby was called Streanæshalc, Streneshalc, Streoneshalch, Streoneshalh, and Streunes Alae in Lindissi in records of the 7th and 8th centuries. Prestebi, meaning the " habitation of priests " in Old Norse, is an 11th century name. Its name was recorded as Hwitebi	Hwitebi	PROPN	and	CCONJ	 and
" The FDA investigated these complaints and concluded that Budeprion XL is equivalent to Wellbutrin XL in regard to bioavailability of bupropion and its main active metabolite hydroxybupropion. The FDA also said that coincidental natural mood variation is the most likely explanation for the apparent worsening of depression after	after	ADP	the	DET	 the
The fleet would be supported by the Regia Aeronautica and the German Fliegerkorps X (10th Air Corps). This operation resulted in the Battle of Cape Matapan; the engagement began when the Italian 3rd Division — comprising the two Trento class heavy cruisers and Bolzano and commanded	commanded	VERB	by	ADP	 by
Its first action, on March 23, was to support an occupation of the Pak Mun Dam site by 5,000 villagers. The Pak Mun Dam, funded partially by the World Bank, was built in 1994 and slowly became the focus of national controversy. It received	received	VERB	widespread	ADJ	 widespread
The trade was put on hold, pending a second opinion from other medical sources. On August 7, Abdur Rahim was quoted saying: " I don't feel I want to be a Net ". He felt the knee was a non issue, claiming that	that	SCONJ	he	PRON	 he
It probably serviced the Blachernae Palace, as evidenced by its decoration with three imperial busts. Schneider however suggests that the name could refer rather to the Eğri Kapı. Then comes the outer wall of the Anemas Prison, which connects to a double stretch of walls.	.	PUNCT	The	DET	 The
For the performance of " Shut Up and Drive " a car is present during the scene, to which Rihanna climbs to its top while performing. The set finishes with a rendition of " Man Down ". Scenes are intercut with Rihanna heading to her show within	within	ADP	a	DET	 a
The critical period of exposure is between ages one and four years, with the risk ending around age eight. Fluorosis can be prevented by monitoring all sources of fluoride, with fluoridated water directly or indirectly responsible for an estimated 40% of risk and other sources,	,	PUNCT	notably	ADV	 notably
With the completion of the new station, Yawkey is fully handicapped accessible. Named in honor of long time Red Sox owner Tom Yawkey, Yawkey was opened on April 29, 1988, and initially was only used for special service to Fenway Park for Boston Red Sox	Sox	PROPN	games	NOUN	 games
Records found after the accident indicated that two rough machined forgings having the serial number of the crash disk had been routed through GEAE manufacturing. Records indicated that Alcoa supplied GE with TIMET titanium forgings for one disk with the serial number of the crash disk. Some records	records	NOUN	show	VERB	 show
She was launched on 5 September 1945, after the end of World War II and sponsored by the wife of the Governor of Kentucky. During her career, Philippine Sea served first in the Atlantic Ocean and saw several deployments to the Mediterranean Sea as well as a	a	DET	trip	NOUN	 trip
The nursery received certification in 1997 for its high quality management complying with the requirements of Australian Standard AS / NZS ISO 9002. Seed is gathered from natural forest and plantations, most collectors being descendants of the original settlers. Seed is then germinated in soil less media	media	NOUN	and	CCONJ	 and
" Since U Been Gone " was written and produced by Max Martin and Dr. Luke. The song, which is set in common time with a moderate tempo of 132 beats per minute, is written in the key of G major. Popdose staff noted that the	the	DET	song	NOUN	 song
They tried to expel Andrew and his Hungarian retinue, but the Hungarians routed the united forces of Mstislavich and Rostislavich. A group of local boyars offered the throne to Rostislav Ivanovich, a distant cousin of the imprisoned Vladimir Yaroslavich. Béla III sent reinforcements to Halych,	,	PUNCT	enabling	VERB	 enabling
A running joke involving Dug and the dog pack losing concentration at the mention of " squirrel! " is now a metaphor for distraction in popular culture, in which paying attention to a figurative squirrel causes loss of focus on important issues. On May 26, 2009	2009	NUM	,	PUNCT	,
Small magazines were positioned behind the lines of casemates. The West Wing is approximately 215 metres (705 ft) long, and has 37 heavy gun positions and two main magazines, along with various auxiliary buildings, including canteens, stores and detention facilities. It also	also	ADV	has	VERB	 has
Designed to spread the cost of the war over a broader economic base than previous tax levies, this round of taxation proved extremely unpopular but raised £22,000. The war continued to go badly and, despite raising some money through forced loans, the Crown returned to	to	ADP	Parliament	PROPN	 Parliament
Newly promoted to the First Division as runners up in the Second Division the previous season, Inverness entered the first round and faced fellow First Division club St. Mirren at Caledonian Stadium. Inverness won the match 1 – 0 with a late goal in the 88th minute from	from	ADP	Mike	PROPN	 Mike
FitzRoy began writing the official Narrative of the Beagle voyages, and after reading Darwin's diary he proposed incorporating it into the account. Darwin's Journal was eventually rewritten as a separate third volume, on natural history. In Cape Town, Darwin and FitzRoy met John	John	PROPN	Herschel	PROPN	 Herschel
The torpedo boats rejoined Emden late on the 12th and returned to port. In October 1918 Emden was to have taken part in the final fleet action against the British Fleet, but the operation was aborted after the outbreak of mutiny in the German Fleet. After the	the	DET	Armistice	PROPN	 Armistice
Ebenezer Clapp, in The History of Dorchester said of Atherton, " He had great experience and skill in the treatment of the Indians, with whom his public duties brought him in frequent contact. He manifested much humanity and sympathy for their ignorant and degraded condition,	,	PUNCT	but	CCONJ	 but
NY 285 was assigned as part of the 1930 renumbering of state highways in New York to a highway connecting NY 69 (Main Street) in Taberg to the isolated hamlet of Florence in the town of the same name via Thompson Corners. The route was truncated southeastward	southeastward	NOUN	to	ADP	 to
Whitney Phaneuff from the website HitFix wrote that " Blow " sounded like it was written by Prince; Writers of Spin and Variety compared it with his song " Dirty Mind " (1980) which was being used as a template for creating " Blow " and its	its	PRON	minimalist	ADJ	 minimalist
Third class carriages were introduced on 11 June 1838 but discontinued on 1 December 1838 after the company found that many passengers were vacating first and second class, for the cheaper third class. The company had 15 first class carriages, and 22 second class carriages. Initially	Initially	ADV	,	PUNCT	,
He further interviewed guests whose relatives lost their lives in the accident. Under Secretary General for Humanitarian Affairs and Emergency Relief Coordinator Valerie Amos also appeared encouraging everyone to log on to the website WHD IWasHere.org by August 19 and commit to doing one good act to help someone	someone	PRON	in	ADP	 in
These are honeycombed structures composed of calcite microcrystals arranged in a lattice. They vary in form, with some bearing external granules, tubercles and spines, but most are tabular plates that fit neatly together in a tessellated manner and form the main covering of the aboral surface	surface	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
In 1887, the American Association of Public Accountants (AAPA) was created; it was the first step in developing professionalism in the United States accounting industry. By 1905, the AAPA's first ethical codes were formulated to educate its members. During its twentieth anniversary	anniversary	NOUN	meeting	NOUN	 meeting
The final group is the largest, made up of 12 women, whom she calls " women not born to me but who allow me to mother them ". The group includes Winfrey, Gayle King, her niece Rosa Johnson Butler, her assistant Lydia Stuckey,	,	PUNCT	and	CCONJ	 and
Crocheted Olek changed materials for a joint exhibition with David E. Peterson in New York City; she used thousands of semi inflated balloons, crocheted like yarn to create a cave like structure inside the gallery. The artist noted her love of the ephemeral nature of the medium	medium	NOUN	;	PUNCT	;
Their decision to leave Constantinople proved timely. In 1261 Michael VIII Palaiologos, the ruler of the Empire of Nicaea, took Constantinople, promptly burned the Venetian quarter and re established the Eastern Roman Empire. Captured Venetian citizens were blinded, while many of those who managed	managed	VERB	to	PART	 to
Montgomery Ward, a Chicago based department store, announced that they would be opening up a location at Southtown, and became the mall's only anchor; Ward filled a 188,050 square feet (17,000 m2) building, the largest Ward department store in the United States	States	PROPN	.	PUNCT	.
Delphine LaLaurie appears as a character in Deadtime Stories, a PC game, (Deadtime Stories; developed by I play and distributed by Big Fish Games), as a voodoo queen, named Jessie Bodeen, tells you her story of her commission by Delphine LaLaurie to	to	PART	drive	VERB	 drive
Nilkanth Varni received sannyasa initiation from Ramanand Swami on 20 October 1800, and with it was granted the names Sahajanand Swami and Narayan Muni to signify his new status. At the age of 21, Sahajanand Swami was appointed successor to Ramanand Swami as the leader of the	the	DET	Uddhav	PROPN	 Uddhav
This is a criminal matter. Actions speak louder than words, and there has been no effort here to pay these taxes. " Hill also faced possible eviction from her rented home in South Orange as well as a civil lawsuit from the town for running a business	business	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
Michigan, believing that this would " cause considerable confusion to the public ", requested a change in April 1958, which would move I 94 to the shorter Kalamazoo route (which was planned as I 92), make the Muskegon – Detroit route I 96,	,	PUNCT	and	CCONJ	 and
With the ascent of her husband as a prominent national politician, Obama has become a part of popular culture. In May 2006, Essence listed her among " 25 of the World's Most Inspiring Women. " In July 2007, Vanity Fair listed her among "	"	PUNCT	10	NUM	 10
The idea was scrapped, however, for budgetary reasons: the budget for the video was low and there was no product placement. Because of Gaga's schedule, the video was shot in Los Angeles over a two day period. Lawrence described Gaga's work ethic	ethic	ADJ	and	CCONJ	 and
That year, she made her debut in the Women's National Wheelchair Basketball League (WNWBL) with the Knox Ford Raiders. At the end of the season, she was named the most improved player. She played for the Rangers (now known as Victoria)	)	PUNCT	since	SCONJ	 since
Behaviour could be regulated through kirk sessions, composed of local church elders, which replaced the church courts of the Middle Ages, and which dealt with moral and religious conduct. The local court baron remained important in regulating minor interpersonal and property offences. They were held	held	VERB	at	ADP	 at
There are many other carom billiards games, predominantly intermediary or offshoot games combining elements of those already listed, such as the champion's game, an intermediary game between straight rail and balkline, as well as games which are hybrids of carom billiards and pocket billiards,	,	PUNCT	such	ADJ	 such
Kepier, a local beauty spot, and the picturesque remains of Kepier Hospital, a building of much historic interest, would be blotted out, the Castle and Cathedral beyond would be dwarfed by an incongruous mass of concrete buildings ill sorting with the landscape. " After	After	SCONJ	the	DET	 the
Highly drought tolerant, it needs 370 – 550 mm (10 – 20 in) winter rainfall for cultivation. It is vulnerable to gall attack in cultivation. Propagation is from seed which has been pre soaked in hot water to soften the hard seed coating. Although	Although	SCONJ	wattles	NOUN	 wattles
The cape was originally a cloak worn separately from the robe, but gradually made its way into the uniform as a whole. John Fortescue described the cape as the " main ornament of the order ", distinguished only from the cape worn by judges because it was	was	AUX	furred	VERB	 furred
The sixteen 6 inch / 50 caliber guns were capable of firing 5 – 6 rounds per minute, with a barrel life of 500 rounds. The 6 inch / 50 caliber gun was capable of firing both antiaircraft and antiship shells, though the positioning of the guns	guns	NOUN	on	ADP	 on
, and Opie and Anthony. In May 2000, Stephanie appeared at the WBCN River Rave on stage with friend, Cali, to introduce Godsmack and sign autographs in the festival area. In November 2001, McMahon appeared on a special episode of NBC's The Weakest	Weakest	PROPN	Link	PROPN	 Link
The title track featured instrumentation from a rhythm guitar, a synthesizer, keyboards, and drums for the bassline, with a backing track that employed a chord progression commonly used in doo wop Cuban drums and Spanish guitar, maracas and harmonicas are used in " La Isla	Isla	PROPN	Bonita	PROPN	 Bonita
3rd laird The third laird, also named James, inherited the estate in 1777; he was usually referred to as the Member to differentiate him from previous generations. Like his forebears, he was an advocate but also became a Member of Parliament. He too continued	continued	VERB	to	PART	 to
After Nyarlathotep is defeated, Tatsuya fulfills his side of the bargain, and after saying his final goodbyes separates his Other Side consciousness from his current self. With the city returned to normal and any specific memories of the Other Side gone, the party return to their	their	PRON	normal	ADJ	 normal
She also embarked at that time 24 A4N1 fighters, plus four and eight spare aircraft respectively. In September, Ryūjō resumed her role as flagship of First Carrier Division, now commanded by Rear Admiral Saburō Satō. Her air group now consisted of a mixture of B3Y1	B3Y1	PROPN	torpedo	NOUN	 torpedo
The verses in the song's three sixteen bar sections proceed chronologically. The opening verse starts before the narrator is born and references Waters ' 1947 song " Gypsy Woman ": As a boy in the South, Dixon recalled gypsies in covered wagons plying their trade from	from	ADP	town	NOUN	 town
They acknowledge reports of specimens over 1.8 m (6 ft), or even over 2 m (6.5 ft) in total length, but claim there is no evidence to support this. A large specimen of exactly 1.8 m (5.9 ft) total length,	,	PUNCT	caught	VERB	 caught
In 1825, he deeded 400 acres (160 ha), containing the house, to his son Charles Perkins. Joshua Perkins died in 1833, living to be 93. Ashlawn, named for the ash trees that once sat in front of the house, is	is	AUX	also	ADV	 also
The largest linguistic group in South India is the Dravidian family of languages, a family of approximately 73 languages The major languages spoken include Tamil, Telugu, Kannada and Malayalam. Tulu is spoken by about 1.5 million people in coastal Kerala and Karnataka and Konkani, an	an	DET	Indo	PROPN	 Indo
The album was produced by Kevin Churko, who also produced the band's previous album, War Is the Answer. It was announced in April 2011, that bassist Matt Snell had departed from the band in December 2010 and in June 2011, Chris Kael was announced	announced	VERB	as	ADP	 as
They helped to raise sufficient funds to keep the expedition alive, but several members of the party resigned or abandoned the venture. Some of the last minute replacements were raw recruits; Adrian Donnelly, a locomotive engineer with no sea experience, signed as second engineer,	,	PUNCT	while	SCONJ	 while
The next day Savimbi announced UNITA would no longer abide by the ceasefire, citing Kaunda's insistence that Savimbi leave the country and UNITA disband. The MPLA government responded to Savimbi's statement by moving troops from Cuito Cuanavale, under MPLA control, to UNITA occupied Mavinga	Mavinga	PROPN	.	PUNCT	.
The word Sepasco probably originated from the tribe's word for little river or stream, sepuus, which is believed to have referred to the Landsman Kill, a stream parallel to NY 308. After the American Civil War, only a few of the Sepasco were left	left	VERB	;	PUNCT	;
Wisden commented that Chapman " exercised an invigorating influence " on the side. Before Chapman assumed the Kent captaincy, the county team was sharply divided along social lines and the amateur leadership was aloof from and often dismissive of the professional players. Members of the team felt	felt	VERB	that	SCONJ	 that
To obtain the phases, full sets of reflections are collected with known alterations to the scattering, either by modulating the wavelength past a certain absorption edge or by adding strongly scattering (i.e., electron dense) metal atoms such as mercury. Combining the magnitudes and phases	phases	NOUN	yields	VERB	 yields
Lavender primarily threw the spitball, and used it to win 16 games as a 28 year old rookie in 1912. In July 1912, he defeated Rube Marquard, ending Marquard's consecutive win streak at 19 games, which at the time tied the record for the	the	DET	longest	ADJ	 longest
Eosimiids were first described from findings in China in 1994 and are still best known there (two genera are now known, Eosimias and Phenacopithecus), but have also been recorded in Pakistan (Phileosimias) and Myanmar (Bahinia). All species had a small body	body	NOUN	size	NOUN	 size
On November 8, 1961, at 21: 24 Eastern Time Zone (EST), the aircraft crashed as it attempted to land at Byrd Field, near Richmond, Virginia. While there were no apparent impact related injuries, all seventy four passengers and three crew	crew	NOUN	members	NOUN	 members
The race was first held in 1829, and since 1845 has taken place on the 4.2 mile (6.8 km) Championship Course on the River Thames in southwest London. The rivalry is a major point of honour between the two universities, followed throughout the United Kingdom	Kingdom	PROPN	and	CCONJ	 and
Out of 100 the songs that were sent in by Greek and foreign artists, a committee made up of representatives from ERT, Sony BMG, and Paparizou, chose 15 songs initially and then narrowed the selection down to four. On a special show broadcast on February	February	PROPN	18	NUM	 18
She states that after each show, Sinatra would be " in a buoyant, electrically charged mood, a post show high that would take him hours to come down from as he quietly relived every note of the performance he'd just given ". Sinatra's split	split	NOUN	with	ADP	 with
While this gave DuMont a short term cash infusion, it eliminated the leverage the network had to get program clearances in other markets. Without its de facto monopoly in Pittsburgh, the company's advertising revenue shrank to less than half that of 1953. By February 1955	1955	NUM	,	PUNCT	,
Birmingham's supporters are generally referred to as " Bluenoses " in the media and by the fans themselves; the name is also used in a derogatory manner by fans of other clubs. A piece of public sculpture in the form of a ten times life size head	head	NOUN	lying	VERB	 lying
On August 27, the NHC downgraded Frank into a tropical storm, with poorly organized convection located west of the center due to strong wind shear. As such, the agency predicted the storm to weaken into a tropical depression within the next 36 hours. Frank rapidly	rapidly	ADV	lost	VERB	 lost
For the socially ambitious, bilingual education in Greek as well as Latin was a must. Quintilian provides the most extensive theory of primary education in Latin literature. According to Quintilian, each child has in born ingenium, a talent for learning or linguistic intelligence that is	is	AUX	ready	ADJ	 ready
Early on August 11, Hernan was downgraded to a tropical storm. Deep convection diminished around the center of the storm and by August 12, almost all of the deep convection dissipated as Hernan continued to weaken. Over 23° C water, only a swirl of	of	ADP	clouds	NOUN	 clouds
One source described Constable at the time of the Matson slave case to be " the best educated lawyer at the bar. " He is most commonly remembered for his decision to allow four Union deserters to go free during the Civil War. This decision led to Constable	Constable	PROPN	's	PART	's
Prior to the bridge, local vehicles and local freight could only cross the river by ferry. It was named after Benjamin G. Humphreys, a US Congressman from Greensville who co authored a flood control bill in 1917 establishing a national flood control program on the Mississippi,	,	PUNCT	and	CCONJ	 and
In the United States, " Breathing " peaked at number 28 on the Pop Songs chart, but failed to impact the Billboard Hot 100. " Breathing " achieved commercial success in Europe. It peaked at number one on the Bulgarian Airplay Chart, and number four	four	NUM	on	ADP	 on
Grammar guides typically cover terminal punctuation and the proper construction of sentences — but not the spacing between sentences. Moreover, many modern grammar guides are designed for quick reference and refer users to comprehensive style guides for additional matters of writing style. For example, the Pocket	Pocket	PROPN	Idiot	PROPN	 Idiot
Thurso railway station is the most northerly location served by Britain's rail network, which links the town directly with Wick, the county town of Caithness, and with Inverness. Thurso is bordered by the parishes of Olrig and Bower to the east, Halkirk to the	the	DET	south	NOUN	 south
Leaving Hornet behind, all Kinkaid could do was to direct the carrier and her task force to retreat as soon as they were able. Between 11: 39 and 13: 22, Enterprise recovered 57 of the 73 airborne U.S. aircraft as she headed away from the	the	DET	battle	NOUN	 battle
But the official actuary for Medicare does. The actuary determined that... the long term trend is towards less spending: Inflation after ten years would be lower than it is now. And it's the long term trend that matters most... [The Affordable Care Act	Act	PROPN	]	PUNCT	]
As a result, Feeder were until 2010 no longer on a record contract in their own country, while still being signed to their Japanese label Victor and Play it Again Sam (PIAS), their European label. Their 2008 UK tour, seen their first ever	ever	ADV	gig	NOUN	 gig
Both the Rangers and guerrillas were finally allowed through after an agitated Mucci told the lieutenant that he would call in an artillery barrage and level the whole village. In fact, Mucci's radio was not working at that point. At 08: 00 on January 31	31	NUM	,	PUNCT	,
After four years of self imposed exile Aflaq returned to Iraq In 1974, a year before the Lebanese Civil War broke out. He refrained from taking part in Iraqi politics. He published several works during this period, the most notable being The Struggle Against Distorting the	the	DET	Movement	PROPN	 Movement
After complimenting Dwight numerous times and having a small meal, Pam makes a joke that emphasizes that everyone is human and makes mistakes. To justify his presence at the squash court, Jim claims to be a regular player and begins a match with Robert, demonstrating his	his	PRON	complete	ADJ	 complete
He unsuccessfully tried to find work and questioned God's existence, but found solace in Ramakrishna and his visits to Dakshineswar increased. One day Narendra requested Ramakrishna to pray to goddess Kali for their family's financial welfare. Ramakrishna suggested him to go to the temple himself	himself	PRON	and	CCONJ	 and
Although he lost the case, his legal arguments won him international renown. Harrison developed what was thought to be influenza (then referred to as grippe) in February 1901. He was treated with steam vapor inhalation and oxygen, but his condition worsened. He died	died	VERB	from	ADP	 from
Whether human beings would still be a force on the planet, or even survive, is a moot point. One thing seems certain: there will be far fewer of us. In terms of Australia, Hamilton says that " Australians in 2050 will be living in	in	ADP	a	DET	 a
Towers and other vertical structures may unintentionally or perhaps subconsciously have those connotations. There are many examples of modern architecture that can be interpreted as phallic, but very few for which the architect has specifically cited or admitted that meaning as an intentional aspect of the design.	.	PUNCT	The	DET	 The
The weak THC resulted in slightly stronger low level trade winds, an increase in upper level zonal winds and vertical wind shear, higher environmental air pressures and less low level mass wind convergence and rainfall in the Intertropical Convergence Zone, and reduced middle level moisture. Collectively	Collectively	ADV	,	PUNCT	,
During excavation, bones and skeletons were found from extinct mastodons, mammoth, camel, sloth, dire wolf and long horned bison. Paleontologists from the San Bernardino County Museum in Redlands, California uncovered thousands of fossils in the Diamond and Domenigoni valleys that will add immensely	immensely	ADV	to	ADP	 to
Euratom was to integrate sectors in nuclear energy while the EEC would develop a customs union among members. Through the 1960s, tensions began to show, with France seeking to limit supranational power. Nevertheless, in 1965 an agreement was reached and on 1 July 1967 the	the	DET	Merger	PROPN	 Merger
This message, which changes from episode to episode, has become known as the " chalkboard gag ". Chalkboard messages may involve political humor such as " The First Amendment does not cover burping ", pop culture references such as " I can't see dead people	people	NOUN	"	PUNCT	 "
The casinos are connected via a sky bridge that allows pedestrian access between the hotels without crossing the highway. A line painted on the street marks the Nevada – Utah border. At the border, BL 80 becomes coterminous with Utah State Route 58 for the final stretch	stretch	NOUN	through	ADP	 through
Hershey Creamery complied and in April 2007 submitted the appropriate RMPs, which were confirmed to be in place through subsequent inspection. The case was heard at the Federal Middle District court of Pennsylvania, with Hershey Creamery pleading guilty to the charges; it was subsequently fined $	$	SYM	100,000	NUM	100,000
He pointed out how the quiet sense of foreboding at the beginning of the film grows, until the viewer experiences " a punishing assault on the senses ". In Hick Flicks: The Rise and Fall of Redneck Cinema, Scott Von Doviak commended its effective use of	of	ADP	daylight	NOUN	 daylight
When Baldwin was thirteen years old, he was playing with some children, who were trying to cause each other pain by scratching each other's arms. " The other boys gave evidence of pain by their outcries, " wrote William, " but Baldwin, although	although	SCONJ	his	PRON	 his
A small portion of Port Republic Road through Port Republic was included in the state highway system by the late 1920s as part of the highway between Waynesboro and Elkton. This section was paved in the early 1930s and carried three different route numbers until it was transferred to	to	ADP	the	DET	 the
Launching Thunderbird 4, Gordon encounters a fourth, far larger reptile that ravages Blackmer's boat and stops Culp. Virgil disposes of the creature with a missile fired from Thunderbird 2. Although it is feared at first that the vial has been smashed, Gordon retrieves it	it	PRON	from	ADP	 from
Numbers may have peaked in the early 1970s after a population boom; in 1975 they were reported to be lighter, possibly due to overpopulation and consequent lack of food. Another report of overpopulation and livestock damage was reported in 1987. The following year, Trichinella spiralis	spiralis	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
The Kembles, the Macreadys, the Rossettis, the Dickens [sic], the Thackerays, never seemed to be exactly visitors, but to belong to the place. " Author and actress Fanny Kemble wrote that young Procter " looks like a poet's child,	,	PUNCT	and	CCONJ	 and
He was the oldest of three children; his brother Josselin and sister Ava were born in 1893 and 1896 respectively. Bodley was a cousin of Gertrude Bell, a writer and archeologist who helped establish the Hashemite dynasties, and he was also a descendant of diplomat and	and	CCONJ	scholar	NOUN	 scholar
The installation of this model near its intended location was delayed by Taft's World War I service with the Y.M.C.A. in France as part of a corps of entertainers and lecturers, but was completed in 1920. However, Taft's wider vision of a Chicago school of	of	ADP	sculpture	NOUN	 sculpture
Burns is about 200 miles (322 km) south of Pendleton. Oregon Route 78 runs between Burns and communities to the southeast including Crane, Princeton, and Burns Junction, about 100 miles (161 km) away. A fourth highway, Oregon Route 205,	,	PUNCT	links	VERB	 links
Wink, the host for the The Happy Smile Super Challenge Family Wish Show, was portrayed by George Takei. Takei has appeared on The Simpsons several times before, and he is, according to Scully, one of the staff's favorite guest stars. The episode	episode	NOUN	also	ADV	 also
Some mainframe games that did not appear in 101 BASIC Computer Games have still had a lasting impact. One such game was Space Travel, developed by Ken Thompson in 1969, which simulates travel in the Solar System. The player flies their ship around a two dimensional	dimensional	ADJ	scale	NOUN	 scale
The Gateway Protection Programme was subsequently established in March 2004, with the first refugees arriving in the UK on 19 March. Initially, the programme quota was set at 500 per year. The British government has faced criticism from academics and practitioners over the small number of	of	ADP	refugees	NOUN	 refugees
The Red Army also captured Sakhalin Island and the Kuril Islands. On 15 August 1945, Japan surrendered, with the surrender documents finally signed aboard the deck of the American battleship USS Missouri on 2 September 1945, ending the war. The Allies established occupation administrations in	in	ADP	Austria	PROPN	 Austria
The unit was first formed in July 1942 and served in the New Guinea Campaign and Borneo Campaign during World War II. The squadron was one of only a few RAAF airfield construction units to be retained at the end of the war, and formed part of Australia	Australia	PROPN	's	PART	's
" Despite her pleas, Secord did not receive the keys to the monument. In 1828, the Secords ' daughter, Appolonia, died at 18 of typhus, and James was appointed registrar of the Niagara Surrogate Court. He was promoted to judge in 1833,	,	PUNCT	and	CCONJ	 and
" In 2007, Liverpool Daily Post editor Larry Neild was selected to join Liverpool's ' Health is Wealth ' commission, researching the effects of food deprivation on poor health, after writing a scathing column in which he suggested that the commission ’ s chairman, Sue	Sue	PROPN	Woodward	PROPN	 Woodward
He opened the Jewish Documentation Center in Vienna in 1961 and continued to try to locate missing Nazi war criminals. He played a small role in locating Adolf Eichmann, who was captured in Buenos Aires in 1960, and worked closely with the Austrian justice ministry to prepare	prepare	VERB	a	DET	 a
Banksy's Better Out Than In series has received mixed reviews. Many fans raved over his work, flocking to each site everyday of the show. New York magazine art critic Jerry Saltz wrote Banksy's well executed work stood out from other graffiti, but that the	the	DET	meaning	NOUN	 meaning
The game received critical acclaim. The SNES version holds an aggregate score of 90% at GameRankings, whereas the Virtual Console re release and the Game Boy Advance version both hold a score of 80% at GameRankings and Metacritic, respectively. Diddy's Kong Quest sold	sold	VERB	a	DET	 a
Due to space limitations, the latter angle was filmed through a mirror (with the actors appearing to be opposite sides) and then the image was reversed and undistorted in post production. Although the " SlumDunder Mifflinaire " skit and the scenes in which it was prepared	prepared	VERB	were	AUX	 were
By that time Redding had developed polyps on his larynx, which he tried to treat with tea and lemon or honey. He was hospitalized in September 1967 at Mt. Sinai Hospital in New York to undergo surgery. In early December 1967, Redding again recorded at Stax	Stax	PROPN	.	PUNCT	.
It is widely accepted that most of McCarthy's cases were selected from the so called " Lee list ", a report that had been compiled three years earlier for the House Appropriations Committee. Led by a former Federal Bureau of Investigation agent named Robert E. Lee,	,	PUNCT	the	DET	 the
The Navy left food and water for a few weeks and then failed to return in a timely manner. By January 1947, visitors to Rongerik reported the islanders were suffering malnutrition, facing potential starvation by July, and were emaciated by January 1948. In March 1948	1948	NUM	they	PRON	 they
The next spring, the last year of gymnasium, he decided to go to Paris for the holidays with his friend Pekka. Vainio was supposed to pass his matriculation exams in the spring of 1959, but he failed the Swedish exam and had to wait until the	the	DET	autumn	NOUN	 autumn
Brigitte Peucker also suggests that Norman's hobby of stuffing birds literalizes the British slang expressions for sex - " stuffing " - and desirable women - " birds ". Robert Allan suggests that Norman's mother is his original " stuffed bird ", both in the sense	sense	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
In 1996, Evan Chandler sued Jackson for around $60 million, claiming Jackson had breached an agreement never to discuss the case. In 1999, a court ruled in Jackson's favor and threw out the lawsuit. But the 1993 case would be revisited again with	with	ADP	the	DET	 the
The fruit body consists of a reddish, cylindrical fluted stipe that is capped with several " arms ". The arms can approach or even close in on each other to form a spire. The gleba — an olive green slimy spore mass — is carried on the	the	DET	outer	ADJ	 outer
During the healing process, the lung adheres to the chest wall, effectively obliterating the pleural space. Recurrence rates are approximately 1%. Post thoracotomy pain is relatively common. A less invasive approach is thoracoscopy, usually in the form of a procedure called video assisted	assisted	VERB	thoracoscopic	ADJ	 thoracoscopic
Had Dredd not resigned, they might not have found their task so easy. Dredd eventually returned to the city and defeated them. As a result of the Necropolis disaster, Dredd realised that running away from his problems was no answer to them, and he rejoined	rejoined	VERB	the	DET	 the
The previous route from the Nullarbor Homestead to Nundroo Motel also travelled further inland than the new alignment, past Ivy Tank Motel and Yalata Roadhouse. The 1960s standard of a twenty foot (6.2 m) sealed width with four foot wide (1.2 m) gravel shoulders	shoulders	NOUN	was	AUX	 was
With good field position and momentum granted by the interception and field goal, Kansas moved the ball quickly. Todd Reesing was sacked by Nekos Brown and Xavier Adibi, but connected to Jake Sharp for 20 yards on two passes, advancing the ball deep into Virginia Tech	Tech	PROPN	territory	NOUN	 territory
Paul Kummer moved the species to Limacium in 1871, but this genus has since been sunk into synonymy with Hygrophorus. Several varieties of H. olivaceoalbus have been proposed: Together with H. pustulatus, H. persoonii, H. mesotephrus and H. latitabundus, H. olivaceoalbus form the section	section	NOUN	Olivaceoumbrini	PROPN	 Olivaceoumbrini
It has been known for more than a century that consumption of raw or insufficiently cooked shellfish can be associated with infectious diseases. These are caused either by bacteria naturally present in the sea such as Vibrio spp. or by viruses and bacteria from sewage effluent that sometimes	sometimes	ADV	contaminates	VERB	 contaminates
The area is offset by the two rift zones and defined on three sides by boundary faults up to 150 m (492 ft) deep. The caldera is roughly 50 m (164 ft) deeper at the north side then it is in the south. Flows	Flows	NOUN	within	ADP	 within
Due to having received two yellow cards, he was suspended for his country's final group match, against Italy. The Czech Republic lost to Italy and therefore failed to progress to the next stage of the competition. Lokvenc announced his retirement from international football in September	September	PROPN	2006	NUM	 2006
It was only after the advent of the Portuguese in the region that Christianity began to spread. In 1498 the Portuguese explorer Vasco da Gama landed on a group of islands in South Canara on his voyage from Portugal to India. He named the islands El Padron de	de	X	Santa	PROPN	 Santa
Uematsu enjoys writing lyrical pieces, but tries not to be genre specific. He asserts that expressing the emotions he desires is more important than improving skills: " I think it will be a shame if we won't be able to cry as we play our own	own	ADJ	game	NOUN	 game
The 4th Parachute Brigade was formed at RAF Kibrit in the Middle East on 1 December 1942. Upon formation it consisted of the brigade headquarters, signals company, defence platoon and three parachute battalions. The battalions assigned were the 156th Parachute Battalion (156 Para),	,	PUNCT	raised	VERB	 raised
The caliph assigned each of his generals to a stretch of the walls. Both besiegers and besieged had many siege engines, and for three days both sides exchanged missile fire while Arab sappers tried to undermine the walls. According to Arab accounts, an Arab prisoner who	who	PRON	had	AUX	 had
The hours of work allowed by that Bill being fewer in number than those formerly practised, a visible improvement in the health and general appearance of the children soon became evident, and since the complete operation of the Act contagious diseases have rarely occurred The Act met little	little	ADJ	opposition	NOUN	 opposition
An important downstream target of ATM and ATR is p53, as it is required for inducing apoptosis following DNA damage. The cyclin dependent kinase inhibitor p21 is induced by both p53 dependent and p53 independent mechanisms and can arrest the cell cycle at the G1 / S and	and	CCONJ	G2	PROPN	 G2
Some of the staff members, the team led by director and designer Hidemaro Fujibayashi that was responsible for tasks other than the storyline, wanted to skip the remake and create an original Zelda title right away. As the first installment in the series was deemed too difficult	difficult	ADJ	for	ADP	 for
Lasance was nominated in the category of " Best Bad Boy " at the 2008 Inside Soap Awards. Lasance won the award for " Most Popular Actor " at the 2009 Logie Awards, for his portrayal of Aden. He was nominated in the same category at the	the	DET	2010	NUM	 2010
Seydlitz was laid down on 29 December 1936 and Lützow followed her on 2 August 1937. The ships were launched on 19 January 1939 and 1 July 1939, respectively. Work ceased on Seydlitz when she was approximately 95 percent complete. In October 1939, the Soviet	Soviet	PROPN	Union	PROPN	 Union
" A " Draft Clark " campaign began to grow with the launch of DraftWesleyClark.com on April 10, 2003. The organization signed up tens of thousands of volunteers, made 150 media appearances discussing Clark, and raised $1.5 million in pledges for his campaign. A	A	DET	different	ADJ	 different
The contact with such visionary thinkers complimented his exposure to the German V 2 rockets in Europe and served to strengthen his growing interest in space travel, rockets, and science fiction. In 1951 and 1952, Coggins collaborated again with Fletcher Pratt on two classic books:	:	PUNCT	Rockets	PROPN	 Rockets
The blue duiker split from Maxwell's duiker 2.68 to 5.31 million years ago. This cladogram, however, did not include the newly discovered Walter's duiker. Marc Colyn (of the University of Rennes 1) and colleagues, who had discovered this species in 2010	2010	NUM	,	PUNCT	,
When King Edward the Confessor died in January 1066 his closest relative was his great nephew, Edgar the Ætheling, but he was young and lacked powerful supporters. Harold was the head of the most powerful family in England and Edward's brother in law, and he	he	PRON	became	VERB	 became
To test this assertion, in 1974 the New Mexico Livestock Board seized 19 free roaming feral burros which were preventing cattle from using a watering hole on federal land. The United States District Court for the District of New Mexico held that, under the Property Clause of	of	ADP	the	DET	 the
Features used to identify fossil theropod teeth include size, proportion, curvature of the crown and the morphology and number of denticles (serrations). The holotype of D. bornholmensis is a tooth crown 21.7 millimetres (0.85 in) long, 9.7 millimetres (0.38 in)	)	PUNCT	from	ADP	 from
Upon reaching the High Seas Fleet, Vice Admiral David Beatty's battlecruisers turned back to the north to lure the Germans towards the rapidly approaching Grand Fleet, under the command of Admiral John Jellicoe. During the run to the north, Hipper's ships continued to engage	engage	VERB	both	DET	 both
When the Canadiens began their playoff series against the Chicago Black Hawks, the Canadiens ' general manager, Léo Dandurand, confirmed that several teams wanted to acquire Morenz. After playing the first game with his usual speed and skill, Morenz broke his thumb in the second	second	ADJ	game	NOUN	 game
The K1 was mainly rostered to haul the early evening express from Cannon Street to Dover Marine. The K class proved successful on well maintained track. It was capable of high speeds on express passenger duties, although their use was limited by the lower storage capacity of	of	ADP	tank	NOUN	 tank
As a result, after the death of Robert III, regents ruled Scotland: first, the Duke of Albany; and later his son Murdoch. When Scotland finally paid the ransom in 1424, James, aged 32, returned with his English bride determined to assert	assert	VERB	this	DET	 this
The song was performed at Jay Z's and Eminem's " Home and Home " concert on September 14, 2010, along with Nicki Minaj. In October, West announced " All of the Lights " as the fourth official single. Prior to its release as	as	ADP	a	DET	 a
To account for modifications of symmetry in parts of different plants, an occurrence that could hinder the discovery of an evolutionary relationship, de Candolle introduced the concept of homology. de Candolle also made contributions to the field of chronobiology. Building upon earlier work on plant circadian	circadian	ADJ	leaf	NOUN	 leaf
Caudillos like Facundo Quiroga are seen, at the beginning of the book, as the antithesis of education, high culture, and civil stability; barbarism was like a never ending litany of social ills. They are the agents of instability and chaos, destroying societies through	through	ADP	their	PRON	 their
During his time there, Washington was visited by John Adams and Abigail Adams, Benedict Arnold, Henry Knox, and Nathanael Greene. In his study, Washington also confronted Dr. Benjamin Church with evidence that he was a spy. It was in this house that Washington	Washington	PROPN	received	VERB	 received
For much of its first two centuries, it was, along with the Royal Opera House, a patent theatre granted rights in London for the production of drama, and had a claim to be one of London's leading theatres. The first theatre, known as	as	ADP	"	PUNCT	 "
The Iraqis claimed they were unarmed, while the Army said that some individuals were carrying and firing AK 47s. The soldiers manning one of the outposts fired on the crowd, killing at least twelve and wounding dozens more. The Army never apologized for the killings or	or	CCONJ	paid	VERB	 paid
Specialized cells that can survive without direct blood supply are in the inside of the disc. Over time, the discs lose flexibility and the ability to absorb physical forces. This decreased ability to handle physical forces increases stresses on other parts of the spine, causing the	the	DET	ligaments	NOUN	 ligaments
Spears and her dancers crawled on the floor, onto a daybed, and pretended to make out with one another. One of the dancers ripped Spears ' top off, exposing her red bra. The song was also performed as part of Spears ' headlining set at	at	ADP	Staples	PROPN	 Staples
Bullen admitted that Adam's biography was never fully planned but conceded that Cold Feet was " full of gaffes ". Rachel Bradley is an advertising executive. After being with Adam for nine months, she admits to him that she is married but promises to ask her	her	PRON	estranged	ADJ	 estranged
" Here, for the first time, " the various mythic, cultic and theological elements relating to diverse female divinities were brought together in what has been called the ' crystallization of the Goddess tradition. ' " As the earliest Hindu scripture " in which the object	object	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
This is seen as a cause of his arrogance and stubbornness in later life. Brudenell was a fine rider and, inspired by the decisive role of cavalry at the battle of Waterloo, his wish was to purchase a commission in a fashionable regiment and serve as an	an	DET	army	NOUN	 army
The second novel, Love Hina: Secrets at Hinata Hotel was written by Hiroyuki Kawasaki and released in Japan on February 15, 2002, with a bilingual edition released the same month. Tokyopop licensed both novels for an English language distribution in North America, releasing the	the	DET	first	ADJ	 first
Caltrans predicted that without the widening project, traffic speeds on SR 78 would be as low as 15 miles per hour (24 km / h) by the year 2000 because of congestion. A public relations campaign had begun to garner public support for the project,	,	PUNCT	including	VERB	 including
Mathews retired from the Royal Navy in 1881 and was appointed Brigadier General of Zanzibar. There followed more expeditions to the African mainland, including a failed attempt to stop German expansion in East Africa. In October 1891 Mathews was appointed First Minister to the Zanzibar government,	,	PUNCT	a	DET	 a
The British opened fire at extreme range and were forced to disengage in the face of long range torpedo volleys and attacks by Luftwaffe bombers without having hit any of the German ships. Steinbrinck returned home on 7 November for a refit in Stettin. Her refit was completed	completed	VERB	in	ADP	 in
Of the chambers in the palace, only the dining room and the Silver House remain roofed, having been restored in the 1920s. The central area contains a circular cistern or fish pond, 16 metres (52 ft) across and 7.6 metres (25 ft)	)	PUNCT	deep	ADJ	 deep
Cascades Diversion Dam was a timber crib dam built in 1917 near where the Merced River flows out of Yosemite Valley. Because of its impact on the environment and damage from floods, the dam, originally built to generate hydropower, was decommissioned in 1985 and removed in	in	ADP	the	DET	 the
After Resesi, Chrisye collaborated with Djarot and Jockie on the 1983 album Metropolitan. The album, drawing on new wave influences and dealing mainly with issues facing youth, was well received, later going silver; the single " Selamat Jalan Kekasih " (" Goodbye Dear	Dear	PROPN	"	PUNCT	 "
The Gaṅgā (Ganga), one of the major rivers of the country, is said to have made her abode in Shiva's hair. The flow of the Ganga also represents the nectar of immortality. Tiger skin: Shiva is often shown seated upon a tiger	tiger	NOUN	skin	NOUN	 skin
In 2012, " Play Doh Plus " was created. It is lighter, more pliable, and softer than regular Play Doh. More than two billion cans of Play Doh were sold between 1955 and 2005, and, in 2005, Play doh was being sold	sold	VERB	in	ADP	 in
Meanwhile, the popularity of game shows was at an all time nadir, as with the exception of The Price Is Right, the genre was absent from networks ' daytime lineups at that point. Having earlier created Debt for Lifetime Television and participated with Al Burton and	and	CCONJ	Donnie	PROPN	 Donnie
In 2014, Murchison's company went into voluntary liquidation after running up debts of almost half a million pounds. Bosi completed the deal in June 2007 for a new site at 29 Maddox Street in London. He intended for the new Hibiscus to be open by September	September	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
The report stated, " There is no basis to apprehension of Christian petitioners that politicians, BJP, mainstream Sangh Parivar and State Government directly or indirectly are involved in the attacks. No politicians or representative of any political party in the state who politicised the incidents of	of	ADP	attack	NOUN	 attack
Challenge Park includes a Ripcord, Skyscraper, and two eighteen hole mini golf courses. Snake River Falls was constructed in 1993 because of the popularity of Soak City. The 82 foot (25 m) -tall structure sends riders plunging down at 40 miles per hour (	(	PUNCT	64	NUM	64
By the following year he had secured University of Wisconsin funding to rent and equip an off campus glass department in Madison. Through the University ’ s glass program, Littleton would train many prominent glass artists, including Bill Boysen, Dale Chihuly, Marvin Lipofsky, Fritz	Fritz	PROPN	Dreisbach	PROPN	 Dreisbach
The castle was garrisoned by government troops during the Jacobite Rising of Bonnie Dundee in 1689, when repairs were ordered, and again during the rising of 1715. During the Jacobite Rising of 1745, Doune Castle was occupied by Charles Edward Stuart, " Bonnie Prince Charlie	Charlie	PROPN	"	PUNCT	 "
The Mesabi Range ultimately had much more ore than the Vermilion Range, and it was easy to extract because the ore was closer to the surface. As a result, open pit mines became well established on the Mesabi Range, with 111 mines operating by 1904.	.	PUNCT	To	PART	 To
Some critics described her final storylines as " upsetting " and " surprising ". Steph's relationship with Gilly Roach was viewed unfavourable by most. Stenson has been nominated for several different awards for her portrayal of Steph. Steph is the daughter of Frankie and Johnno Dean	Dean	PROPN	(	PUNCT	 (
Some notable observations and milestones for Ceres include: 1984 November 13: An occultation of a star by Ceres observed in Mexico, Florida and across the Caribbean. 1995 June 25: Ultraviolet Hubble Space Telescope images with 50 kilometer resolution. 2002: Infrared images with 30	30	NUM	km	NOUN	 km
That Amendment erects no shield against merely private conduct, however discriminatory or wrongful. " The court added in Civil Rights Cases (1883): " It is State action of a particular character that is prohibited. Individual invasion of individual rights is not the subject matter of	of	ADP	the	DET	 the
The redesigned aircraft was named the DH 106 Comet in December 1947. Revised first orders from BOAC and British South American Airways totalled 14 aircraft with delivery projected for 1952. As the Comet represented a new category of passenger aircraft, more rigorous testing was a development priority	priority	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
With their help, Ernst could hold Bonn. Support from the city of Cologne itself was also secure. To oust Gebhard, though, Ernst ultimately had to appeal for aid to Alexander Farnese, Duke of Parma, who commanded Spanish forces in the Netherlands. Parma	Parma	PROPN	was	AUX	 was
It was written by Ryan Toby, Andre Harris, Vidal Davis and Jason Boyd, and produced by Dre & Vidal for Usher's 2004 album Confessions. The song was released as the fifth and final single from the album on November 30, 2004. The single	single	ADJ	peaked	VERB	 peaked
" That [Harvard] will maintain the traditions of academic freedom, of tolerance for heresy, I feel sure. " Former graduate students of Conant include: Louis Fieser – organic chemist and professor emeritus at Harvard University renowned as the inventor of a militarily effective form	form	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
The system weakened at a fast rate after landfall, but its circulation would not totally dissipate for three more days. The storm caused extremely heavy rainfall in inland areas; damage totalled $4.5 million (2002 USD; $5.2 million USD in 2007); no	no	DET	deaths	NOUN	 deaths
' There ’ s nothing not to love about me, ' she sang... without needing to make a joke out of it. " Maura Johnston of The Village Voice was also positive about the performance of the song, saying, " Live, she threw herself	herself	PRON	into	ADP	 into
His funeral was held at Sherborne Abbey in his home town of Sherborne in Dorset. Simpson was appointed Member of the Order of the British Empire (MBE) in the 2009 New Year Honours. Born in Windlesham, Surrey in 1976, where he lived and moved	moved	VERB	to	ADP	 to
" She's just a bad mother ", said the zoo's long time director Dr. William M. Mann to The Washington Post, upon the death of the third infant. As Hannah's fourth pregnancy progressed, zookeepers noticed she seemed to be less agitated than previous	previous	ADJ	pregnancies	NOUN	 pregnancies
He subsequently took his mother to the film's premier in the Miami Film Festival before she once more accompanied him to the Baltimore premier, this time also with several of his other relatives. After the screening, a party was held at the Baltimore Museum of Art	Art	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
In her diary she wrote, " When my brother... was a young boy learning the Chinese classics, I was in the habit of listening to him and I became unusually proficient at understanding those passages that he found too difficult to understand and memorize. Father,	,	PUNCT	a	DET	 a
Paternal grandmother: Monggo (1573 – 1603), of the Manchu Yehenara clan; consort of Nurhaci; posthumously known as Empress Xiaocigao. Although only nineteen empresses and consorts are recorded for the Shunzhi Emperor in the Aisin Gioro genealogy made by the Imperial Clan Court,	,	PUNCT	burial	NOUN	 burial
Later that season, Wallwork was loaned out twice: firstly to Carlisle United, where he scored his first goal in professional football, and then to Stockport County. He joined Royal Antwerp on loan during the following season and helped them to reach the play offs,	,	PUNCT	but	CCONJ	 but
However, Jones complimented the singer's incorporation of the audience, naming it her " inimitable style ". He added that the video was " far from [a] sterile experience " because of the live setting and crowd ambiance. However, he suspected Shania's	's	PART	"	PUNCT	 "
She died in 1958. A twin sister, Ehrengard, died in 1932. Irmgard Bormann (born 25 July 1933). Rudolf Gerhard Bormann (born 31 August 1934; named after his godfather Rudolf Hess). His name was changed to Helmut after Hess '	'	PART	flight	NOUN	 flight
Hamilton's teammate Jenson Button was fourth with 165 points, and Sebastian Vettel was fifth on 163 points. Red Bull was leading the Constructors ' Championship with 350 points; McLaren and Ferrari were second and third with 347 and 290 points respectively, while Mercedes on 158	158	NUM	and	CCONJ	 and
A large hall and tower house were added to the castle in the 15th century, forming the east range. King James IV visited Dirleton in 1505, and gave money to the masons then engaged on works in the north east part of the castle. Later that	that	DET	year	NOUN	 year
Specialist Marco Kaltofen of the Boston Chemical Data Corp., who did the technical analysis of the samples, pointed out that this plutonium laden dust certainly endangered the health of anyone who spent much time in this crawl space. " Plutonium 239 and 240 emit ionizing radiation in	in	ADP	the	DET	 the
Amphibian species in Puerto Rico belong to four families: Bufonidae (2 species), Hylidae (3), Leptodactylidae (18) and Ranidae (2). Reptiles include turtles (freshwater and marine), lizards, worm lizards, snakes and a caiman.	.	PUNCT	All	DET	 All
When the fleet arrived in March, it found that there were no rebels left to support. It fought a brief skirmish with the Russian navy off Akitar (modern Sevastopol), but was forced to flee. Şahin was reinstated as Khan. Minor skirmishes between the	the	DET	Ottoman	PROPN	 Ottoman
According to Mark Lewisohn and Ian MacDonald: The Beatles John Lennon – lead, harmony and background vocals; rhythm, acoustic and lead guitars; Hammond organ and final piano E chord; harmonica, tape loops, sound effects, and comb and tissue paper; handclaps	handclaps	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
The D shaped, stone fortification, equipped with five gun ports for cannon, overlooked the mouth of the River Fowey in Cornwall. It was protected by a curtain wall and the surrounding cliffs. The castle remained in use for many years until it was closed at	at	ADP	the	DET	 the
He hoped to produce a balanced depiction of the subject matter, and he, along with co writers Brennan and Falchuk, checked the script to ensure that for every anti religious sentiment conveyed, there was a pro religious one to counterbalance it. The episode references several	several	ADJ	religions	NOUN	 religions
Players can also change Kirk and Spock's sidearms; Kirk's sidearms are the Captain's Phaser and the Starfleet Academy Phaser, while Spock uses the " Vulcan Repeater " and the USS Kelvin Phaser. Other Weapons include for the stealth suit: the Starfleet Type IV	IV	PROPN	Stealth	PROPN	 Stealth
The film tells the story of Peter Parker, a teenager from New York who becomes Spider Man after being bitten by a genetically altered spider. Parker must stop Dr. Curt Connors as a mutated lizard, from spreading a mutation serum to the city's human population.	.	PUNCT	Development	NOUN	 Development
Throughout the history of Sri Lanka, Ruhuna served as a base for resistance movements. In 993, the Chola Emperor Rajaraja I invaded Sri Lanka, forcing the then Sri Lankan ruler Mahinda V to flee to the southern part of the country. The Mahavamsa describes the	the	DET	rule	NOUN	 rule
Other performers, such as Ed Sheeran and Adam Lambert praised the interpretation by calling it an amazing performance and noticing Mars ' vocals, respectively. Hilary Duff called " Gorilla " a " straight baby making music ". Writing for Billboard magazine, Jason Lipshutz, while	while	SCONJ	reviewing	VERB	 reviewing
It received GameSpy's " Game of the Year 2005 " awards for " Best GameCube Sports ", " Best GameCube Multiplayer ", and was ranked second for all GameCube games in 2005. It was a finalist for " Sports Game of the Year " by the	the	DET	Academy	PROPN	 Academy
The last three ships were also equipped with eight 5.2 cm SK L / 55 guns with 4,000 rounds of ammunition. All four ships were also equipped with a pair of 45 cm (18 in) torpedo tubes with five torpedoes submerged in the hull on the broadside	broadside	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
At this time, the 3rd Parachute Division — along with an armoured regiment of the 1st SS Panzer Division — attacked Mont Ormel from inside the Falaise Pocket. This attack was repulsed by the artillery, which " massacred " German infantry and armour closing in on their	their	PRON	positions	NOUN	 positions
In 2006, Michael Emerson was nominated for the Satellite Award for Best Supporting Actor – Series, Miniseries, or Television Film, but lost out to Tony Plana from Ugly Betty. In 2007, following the third season, Emerson was nominated for the Saturn Award for	for	ADP	Best	PROPN	 Best
The technology was named RDF with misleading intent - the vague description would disguise the full nature of the system to the enemy if its existence ever became known. The first indications of incoming air raids were received by the Chain Home Radio Direction Finding (RDF) facilities	facilities	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
.. There was never a deal, there was never a " take it or leave it " option at all ". There are memorials and murals in memory of the hunger strikers in towns and cities across Ireland, including Belfast, Dublin, Derry, Crossmaglen and	and	CCONJ	Camlough	PROPN	 Camlough
The Court said that in addition to the general guarantees of freedom of movement under Article 12 of the International Covenant on Civil and Political Rights, account had to be taken of specific guarantees of access to the Christian, Jewish and Islamic Holy Places. It noted that	that	SCONJ	minority	NOUN	 minority
The race restarted on lap sixteen, with Earnhardt leading Harvick and Truex. On the seventeenth lap, McMurray passed Harvick on the backstraightaway to move into the lead. One lap later, Truex took the lead for a lap before he was passed by Kurt Busch.	.	PUNCT	On	ADP	 On
He eventually mentions the occurrence to Mr. Anderson, who tells Charlie's parents about it. Charlie's relationship with his sister rapidly deteriorates and she continues to see her boyfriend against her parents ' wishes. Eventually, he discovers that his sister is pregnant and agrees to	to	PART	bring	VERB	 bring
The warmest ball drop was 58° F (14° C) in both 1965 and 1972. It has snowed during the ball drop just seven times out of 109 events (one being light snow) — 1926, 1934, 1948, 1952, 1961,	,	PUNCT	1967	NUM	 1967
The other Càrn Dearg (1,020 m) juts out into Glen Nevis on the mountain's southwestern side. A lower hill, Meall an t Suidhe (711 metres (2,333 ft)), is located further west, forming a saddle with Ben Nevis which contains	contains	VERB	a	DET	 a
" – Stan (Trey Parker), Kyle (Matt Stone), Cartman (Trey Parker) " Up There " – Satan (Trey Parker (and Michael McDonald on the high notes)) " La Resistance " – Gregory (Howard McGillin), South	South	PROPN	Park	PROPN	 Park
Principal photography began in March 2011, using digital cinematography. Wirkola said, " Hopefully – you can see what I ’ m inspired by: Raimi and Jackson. Actually I ’ m a big fan of [Steven] Spielberg and the way he shoots action scenes	scenes	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
Nothing was said on the Nazi indoctrination of the troops or the atrocities committed by them. Paul Hausser's 1953 book Waffen SS in Action (Waffen SS i m Einsatz) was the first major work by one of the HIAG leaders. It had an unmistakable connection	connection	NOUN	to	ADP	 to
The poem " Oh Death Rock Me Asleep " is generally believed to have been authored by Anne and reveals that she may have hoped death would end her suffering. Shortly before dawn, she called Kingston to hear mass with her, and swore in his presence,	,	PUNCT	on	ADP	 on
In 1803 France sold it to the United States under the Louisiana Purchase. Lieutenant Zebulon Pike was the first United States representative to officially visit the Upper Mississippi River area. On August 27, 1805, Pike camped on the present day site of Davenport. In 1832	1832	NUM	,	PUNCT	,
The show went on a national tour, with the stand up comedian Charlie Chester as compere, during which Terry Thomas refined and polished his act and finished as " one of the most prominent and influential members of Stars in Battledress ". Terry Thomas, along with	with	ADP	his	PRON	 his
Co creators Michael Dante DiMartino and Bryan Konietzko wrote the majority of the finale; DiMartino wrote parts one, three, and four, and Konietzko assisted with parts three and four. Aaron Ehasz, co executive producer and head writer of the show, wrote part two	two	NUM	.	PUNCT	.
The one Meeker kept, named Twist, was lodged at the stockyards in Tacoma as he sought another. Meeker fixed on a herd of steers which had been brought in from Montana. He decided on one which was particularly heavy, which he named Dave. Although	Although	SCONJ	Dave	PROPN	 Dave
After the outbreak of World War II in September 1939, the three ships laid defensive minefields in the North Sea. They all saw action in Operation Weserübung, the invasion of Norway, in April 1940; Königsberg was damaged by Norwegian coastal guns outside Bergen and sunk	sunk	VERB	by	ADP	 by
The Prince Regent was prostrated with grief, and was unable to attend his child's funeral. Princess Caroline heard the news from a passing courier, and fainted in shock. On recovering, she stated, " England, that great country, has lost everything in	in	ADP	losing	VERB	 losing
Platelets produce sharp absorption peaks at 1359 – 1375 and 330 cm − 1 in IR absorption spectra; remarkably, the position of the first peak depends on the platelet size. As with dislocations, a broad photoluminescence centered at ~ 1000 nm was associated with platelets by	by	ADP	direct	ADJ	 direct
Both Ray and Dave Davies still perform the song in solo shows, generally as a closing number. In December 2015, Ray Davies joined brother Dave onstage at one of his concerts to perform " You Really Got Me. " The event marked the first time the	the	DET	brothers	NOUN	 brothers
Case stated that Sharon was guilty over Brad's tragic death. Unlike Nick's mother Nikki Newman (Melody Thomas Scott), his father Victor Newman (Eric Braeden) adored Sharon and maintained a paternal relationship with her over the years. Case described Victor as being	being	AUX	Sharon	PROPN	 Sharon
The highest recorded attendance at Hartsdown Park was 14,169 for the visit of Tottenham Hotspur in the FA Cup in 1972 – 73. This figure is unlikely to be broken in the foreseeable future, as even after its planned redevelopment is completed, the ground will hold less	less	ADJ	than	ADP	 than
" Only a few students remained, including Calvin Frye, who became Eddy's most loyal personal assistant. They appointed Eddy pastor of the church in November 1881, and drew up a resolution in February 1882 that she was " the chosen messenger of God to the	the	DET	nations	NOUN	 nations
The ship was detached from the fleet with only the light cruiser Omaha as escort and made a wide sweep to the south to attack the canal, which was defended by the Scouting Fleet and Lexington, from an unexpected direction. Although the carrier was spotted by two	two	NUM	defending	VERB	 defending
While nearly half the tributes are killed in the first day of the Games, Katniss relies on her well practiced hunting and survival skills to remain unharmed and concealed from the other tributes. A few days into the Games, Katniss develops an alliance with Rue, a	a	DET	12	NUM	 12
The non bonding nature of the 7p1 / 2 spinor is because ununseptium is expected not to form purely sigma or pi bonds. Therefore, the destabilized (thus expanded) 7p3 / 2 spinor is responsible for bonding. This effect lengthens the UusH molecule by 17 picometers	picometers	NOUN	compared	VERB	 compared
This discovery was announced by Debra Fischer and P.C. Gregory. This 1.64 MJ planet has an orbital period of 14,002 days or 38.33 years and a semi major axis of 11.6 AU with a moderate eccentricity of 0.16. It would be the longest period planet discovered by the	the	DET	radial	ADJ	 radial
It turns out that watching moody, cruel men and unsatisfied, put upon women for an hour just isn't that much fun. " Similarly, Tim Shale of The Washington Post concluded that despite the evocative nature of the program, " Smokes Gets in Your Eyes	Eyes	NOUN	"	PUNCT	 "
He became a founder of the Community Relations Board which worked to " quell waves of misunderstanding, discrimination and discontent which often threatened to flood South Florida's multi ethnic community. " Upon the death of Carroll on July 26, 1977, Bishop Edward Anthony McCarthy was	was	AUX	appointed	VERB	 appointed
St Vincent, acting under urgent orders from London to send a fleet to the Mediterranean had opted to split his forces, rather than risk taking all of his ships into the Mediterranean and leaving the Spanish at Cadiz unattended. Troubridge was considered by St Vincent to be	be	AUX	the	DET	 the
When she returns to Beth's apartment she is surprised to find Beth's boyfriend, Paul, who seems confused by Sarah's demeanour but does not realise that she is not Beth. The next day, Sarah prepares to meet Art, and lies that the $	$	SYM	75,000	NUM	75,000
Citing several historical geographical studies, Zhang (2006) shows that earlier accounts place the battlefield in Wuchang. Sheng Honzhi's 5th century Jingzhou ji in particular places the Chibi battlefield a distance of 160 li (approximately 80 kilometres (50 mi)) downstream from Wulin	Wulin	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
Feeling like " a total outcast ", Beck dropped out of school after junior high. He later said that although he felt school was important, he felt unsafe there. When he applied to the new performing arts high school downtown, he was rejected. His	His	PRON	brother	NOUN	 brother
He witnessed a confirmation granted by Harthacnut to Fécamp Abbey, between 1040 and 1042, of an earlier grant made by Cnut. In 1042, he witnessed grants by Harthacnut to Abingdon Abbey and to Ælfwine, Bishop of Winchester. Siward was, at some stage,	,	PUNCT	married	VERB	 married
One of the first works of juvenile fiction to feature exclusively juvenile heroes, the story relates the adventures of three boys marooned on a South Pacific island, the only survivors of a shipwreck. A typical Robinsonade – a genre of fiction inspired by Daniel Defoe's Robinson	Robinson	PROPN	Crusoe	PROPN	 Crusoe
He also said he wanted retire from road racing aged 33, to ride on the track and spend more time with his family. In March he rode in the Paris – Nice. After stage two his teammate, Eddy Merckx, took the overall lead. Simpson	Simpson	PROPN	moved	VERB	 moved
Having until then recorded mostly acoustic music, Dylan used rock musicians as his backing band on every track of the album, except for the closing 11 minute ballad, " Desolation Row ". Critics have focused on the innovative way in which Dylan combined driving, blues	blues	NOUN	based	VERB	 based
Historians have written that the British attack was a failure caused by a lack of conviction among some senior commanders, rather than the fighting power of the German army, although some judge the British force to have been insufficient for the task. The " single handed "	"	PUNCT	attack	NOUN	 attack
" In a 2009 interview with Bill Flanagan promoting Dylan's Christmas LP, Christmas in the Heart, Flanagan commented on the " heroic performance " Dylan gave of " O Little Town of Bethlehem " and that he " delivered the song like a true believer ".	.	PUNCT	Dylan	PROPN	 Dylan
It also included Constantin Crețulescu as President of the City Council (later replaced by Cezar Bolliac), Scarlat Crețulescu as Commander of the National Guard, and Mărgărit Moșoiu as Police Chief. The Wallachian revolutionaries maintained ambiguous relations with leaders of the Hungarian Revolution of 1848,	,	PUNCT	as	ADV	 as
The record eventually sold 4.2 million copies in the US alone, and about 12 million copies worldwide by 1996. The album's lead single " Losing My Religion " was a worldwide hit that received heavy rotation on radio, as did the music video on MTV.	.	PUNCT	"	PUNCT	 "
In 1841, Smith began revealing the doctrine of plural marriage to a few of his closest male associates, including Bennett, who used it as an excuse to seduce numerous women we d and unwed. When embarrassing rumors of " spiritual wifery " got abroad, Smith	Smith	PROPN	forced	VERB	 forced
Marceline is a musician who plays an electric bass that she made from her family's heirloom battle axe. The character makes her debut in the first season episode " Evicted! " and functions as an antagonist, forcing Finn and Jake from their home. However,	,	PUNCT	as	SCONJ	 as
" Almost immediately after Fortuyn became leader, LN went from 2% in opinion polls to about 17%. In January 2002, it was announced that Fortuyn also would head the Livable Rotterdam (LR) list for the March 2002 local elections. The official 2002	2002	NUM	election	NOUN	 election
Mary of Woodstock (11 / 12 March 1279 – 29 May 1332), a Benedictine nun in Amesbury, Wiltshire, where she was probably buried. Elizabeth of Rhuddlan (c. 7 August 1282 – 5 May 1316), married (1) in 1297 John	John	PROPN	I	PROPN	 I
However, polonium is an alpha emitter, and Lise Meitner sent Chadwick about 2 millicuries (about 0.5 µg) from Germany. In Germany, Walther Bothe and his student Herbert Becker had used polonium to bombard beryllium with alpha particles, producing an unusual form of radiation	radiation	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
He noted that NCMPs were free to debate issues in Parliament, and that the scheme provided opposition politicians with an opportunity to " establish themselves and strengthen their positions in subsequent general elections ". In the 1984 general election, the first held after the NCMP scheme was	was	AUX	introduced	VERB	 introduced
Consequently, the team voted to forgo the trip as a gesture of support for Doby. During summer vacation Doby played baseball with a black semi pro team, the Smart Sets, where he played with future Hall of Fame shortstop Monte Irvin. He also had a	a	DET	brief	ADJ	 brief
He added that his appearance on the show gave him " a lot more prestige " when visiting high schools and colleges. The episode also features Karl Wiedergott as the professor at the Springfield University. The episode's subplot was based on the 1976 made for TV movie	movie	NOUN	The	DET	 The
On 23 February 1924, a crowd of over 50,000 saw Burnley secure a 1 – 0 win over Huddersfield Town in the FA Cup Third Round. The attendance was later confirmed to be 54,775, which is still a record for Burnley. In 1927, Turf Moor	Moor	PROPN	hosted	VERB	 hosted
Karthik returned to domestic cricket at the conclusion of the Tests while his colleagues played in the ODIs, and played in two Ranji Trophy matches for Tamil Nadu, scoring only 100 runs at 25.00 in four innings. In January 2005, a series of one day domestic	domestic	ADJ	tournaments	NOUN	 tournaments
On starting single player mode, a cutscene shows the destruction of space station Freeport 7 by unknown forces, leaving Trent without money or ship on the planet Manhattan. While waiting for his debtor, Lonnigan, to regain consciousness, Trent takes up employment with the LSF	LSF	PROPN	under	ADP	 under
In 1962 Bowie formed his first band at the age of 15. Playing guitar based rock and roll at local youth gatherings and weddings, the Konrads had a varying line up of between four and eight members, Underwood among them. When Bowie left the technical school	school	NOUN	the	DET	 the
One of his pupils is local mill owner John Thornton (Richard Armitage), who gets off to a bad start with Margaret when she witnesses him beating a worker whom he has caught smoking in the mill, thus endangering all the workers. Gradually, Margaret gets	gets	AUX	used	VERB	 used
Starting in the 1980s, he travelled with his all female Amazonian Guard, who were allegedly sworn to a life of celibacy. However, according to psychologist Seham Sergewa, after the civil war several of the guards told her they had been pressured into joining and raped	raped	VERB	by	ADP	 by
Not all reviews were so positive. The Dallas Morning News writer Ed Bark called Williams ' a " sometimes overly transparent effort to underscore the grief of the victims ' survivors ", and said the episode " works overtime " to make the world seem like a "	"	PUNCT	bleak	ADJ	 bleak
When the new station (now the Ogilvie Transportation Center) opened in 1911, Kinzie Street railroad bridge was left to handle freight traffic only. In 1930 the Merchandise Mart was opened on the site of the old Wells Street Station. Merchandise Mart was built on air	air	NOUN	rights	NOUN	 rights
The decision to make a father and his sons the main characters was influenced by the premise of Bonanza, as well as Sylvia's belief that the use of more than one heroic character would broaden the series ' appeal. The Tracy brothers were named after Mercury Seven	Seven	PROPN	astronauts	NOUN	 astronauts
In 1896 Ketèlbey took up the post of conductor for a travelling light opera company; his father, who wanted his son to be a composer of serious music, disapproved of what he saw as a lightweight role. After a two year tour Ketèlbey was appointed as	as	ADP	musical	ADJ	 musical
At the time, the 7th Division was preparing to go to Greece, to follow in the wake of the 6th Division; however, the entry of the Afrika Korps into the fighting in the Western Desert and early German successes prompted their movement to the fortress at	at	ADP	Mersa	PROPN	 Mersa
Over the next thirty years many calibration curves were published using a variety of methods and statistical approaches. These were superseded by the INTCAL series of curves, beginning with INTCAL98, published in 1998, and updated in 2004, 2009, and 2013. The improvements to	to	ADP	these	DET	 these
The colony passed legislation to clear title to all land grants from the colony in 1712; the act declared such grants “ free and clear, and freely and clearly acquitted and discharged, or otherwise well and sufficiently saved harmless and indemnified by the said proprietary, his	his	PRON	heirs	NOUN	 heirs
The principle of " methodological individualism ", which holds that social scientists should seek to understand collectivities (such as nations, cultures, governments, churches, corporations, etc.) solely as the result and the context of the actions of individual persons, can be	be	AUX	traced	VERB	 traced
In October 2013, Tom revealed on social networking site Twitter that the band were once again on hiatus, also hinting that the band would regroup in 2014. On April 12, 2014, Stefani made a surprise appearance at the Coachella festival, where she joined Pharrell	Pharrell	PROPN	Williams	PROPN	 Williams
A five year project, SOS Puffin, led by the Scottish Seabird Centre at North Berwick, was launched early in 2007. Since then, hundreds of volunteers have been working hard to rid the island of the problem, ferried out by boat from the Seabird Centre	Centre	PROPN	during	ADP	 during
In 1950, Clements resigned to assume a seat in the U.S. Senate, elevating Wetherby to governor. Wetherby won immediate acclaim by calling a special legislative session to increase funding for education and government benefits from the state's budget surplus. In 1951, he won a	a	DET	four	NUM	 four
Ratajkowski has raised funds, done public service announcements, and committed to a short film promoting reproductive and sexual health for Planned Parenthood (PPFA). She describes PPFA as her main charity because of its role in women's health. Ratajkowski's involvement has drawn ire	ire	ADJ	from	ADP	 from
Warren developed the technique of producing stereoscopic images of the breast with X rays while working in the Department of Radiology at the University of Rochester School of Medicine. Warren was commissioned as a colonel in the United States Army Medical Corps in 1943 and appointed Chief of the	the	DET	Medical	PROPN	 Medical
Most Myrmecia ants are active during the warmer months, and are dormant during winter. However, M. pyriformis is a nocturnal species that is active throughout the whole year. M. pyriformis also has a unique foraging schedule; 65% of individuals who went out to forage	forage	VERB	left	VERB	 left
He played Philo Beddoe, a trucker and brawler who roams the American West searching for a lost love (Locke) accompanied by his brother (played by Geoffrey Lewis) and an orangutan called Clyde. The film proved surprisingly successful upon its release and became Eastwood's	's	PART	most	ADV	 most
In addition, Veronica attends a birthday party run by Logan (Jason Dohring) for his new girlfriend Parker (Julie Gonzalo). " Un American Graffiti " was the first episode of the series not to be part of a larger story arc. This was a	a	DET	change	NOUN	 change
Guest stars Spiner, Alec Newman and Abby Brammell resumed their roles from the previous episode in the trilogy, " Borderland ". " Cold Station 12 " was first broadcast on November 5, 2004, on UPN. According to Nielsen ratings, it was watched by	by	ADP	2.1	NUM	 2.1
Beckett was the starting pitcher in that game, and some Red Sox fans theorized that her invitation was an attempt by the Indians organization to distract Beckett. The Indians denied this claim. It did not seem to affect Beckett, as he beat the Indians with eight	eight	NUM	innings	NOUN	 innings
Another established literary trope found in the plot of Conan the Barbarian is the concept of death, followed by a journey into the underworld, and rebirth. Donald E. Palumbo, the Language and Humanities Chair at Lorain County Community College, noted that like most other sword	sword	NOUN	and	CCONJ	 and
A third volume, subtitled Final Fling was released on 1 May 2008. In 1954 CBS paid Ian Fleming $1,000 ($8,812 in 2016 dollars) to adapt his novel Casino Royale into a one hour television adventure as part of its Climax! series. The	The	DET	episode	NOUN	 episode
The Cardinals won 5 – 4. MLB.com writer Matthew Leach later called it " one of the most famous playoff home runs in recent years. " Nevertheless, the Cardinals were eliminated in Game 6 by the Astros. Pujols batted.304 with two home runs and six RBIs	RBIs	NOUN	in	ADP	 in
Full freeway segments were built in 1965 between 18 Mile and 27 ½ Mile roads near Utica and Romeo. The plans at the time were to extend the freeway west one mile to Mound Road and then have it continue south along the Mound Road corridor into Detroit to	to	PART	connect	VERB	 connect
The NER had built a branch in the late 1850s from Durham to Bishop Auckland, but used a separate station in the town until December 1867, when all services began to use the S & DR station. The Sunniside Incline was replaced by a deviation, albeit	albeit	SCONJ	with	ADP	 with
Phototrophic archaea use light to produce chemical energy in the form of ATP. In the Halobacteria, light activated ion pumps like bacteriorhodopsin and halorhodopsin generate ion gradients by pumping ions out of the cell across the plasma membrane. The energy stored in these electrochemical gradients is then	then	ADV	converted	VERB	 converted
Both Terry Rossio and Bill Marsilii have acknowledged that the film was not shot the way they had wanted it to be, shifting the blame to director Tony Scott and his goal to focus more on the action aspect of the film than on the more meaningful plot the	the	DET	screenplay	NOUN	 screenplay
They have been nominated at the 2011 Grammy Awards and at the 2012 Grammy Awards for Producer of the Year, Non Classical. In 2011, The Smeezingtons were awarded the title of ' Biggest Songwriters of 2010 ' by Music Week. In 2013, they were ranked	ranked	VERB	#	NOUN	 #
For his part, Bernard Landry believed that nothing short of a seat at the United Nations would have been accomplished had the " Yes " won. As the referendum was only of force and effect pursuant to a provincial law, neither the provincially sanctioned " No "	"	PUNCT	committee	NOUN	 committee
MTV News reported that the track would serve as the lead single from Good Girl Gone Bad: Reloaded, a reissue of the original album to mark its first anniversary. Rihanna further announced that the expanded album would contain another two songs, " Disturbia " and the	the	DET	duet	NOUN	 duet
The ranch was self supporting from 1963 on, with the short term assistance of loans from Sheila's aunt, Dorothy Varian, which were promptly repaid. Ultimately, the ranch grew to 230 acres. Varian preferred the Arabian breed because " their instinctual interest in and	and	CCONJ	appreciation	NOUN	 appreciation
Anole's reptilian mutation gives him green scaly skin, a spiked head carapace instead of hair, a prehensile sticky tongue, the ability to stick to solid surfaces, and enhanced agility, speed, reflexes / reactions, coordination, and balance. He can also rapidly	rapidly	ADV	camouflage	VERB	 camouflage
As elsewhere, sabotage was employed against enemy military and economic assets, with railway lines and bridges being common targets. The activities of Groupe G, a small student resistance cell based in Brussels, alone are estimated to have cost the Nazis 10 million man hours of	of	ADP	labour	NOUN	 labour
" In 2006, Lee was awarded an honorary doctorate from the University of Notre Dame. During the ceremony, the students and audience gave Lee a standing ovation, and the entire graduating class held up copies of To Kill a Mockingbird to honor her. Lee was	was	AUX	awarded	VERB	 awarded
During his teenage years and while under house arrest, Keef's music videos were met with acclaim from local high school students. His increasing popularity led to him being the subject of a brief bidding war among labels. Ultimately, Keef signed a major record deal with	with	ADP	Interscope	PROPN	 Interscope
" In 1892, Battenberg invented the Battenberg Course Indicator, a relative velocity analogue computer device used by seamen to determine course and speed to steer for changes of position between ships. By February 1894 his role was further developed when he was appointed joint secretary of the	the	DET	naval	ADJ	 naval
He toured Europe as a folk musician and busker. By the time he returned home to Canada in 1979, he had learned the art of fire breathing. Although he became " employed " at a hydroelectric power plant in James Bay, his job ended after only	only	ADV	three	NUM	 three
Still in active service by the outbreak of war with the American colonies, MacBride took command of a ship of the line and saw action in engagements under Keppel and Rodney. He was also active against privateers, capturing the Comte d'Artois in a heated battle off the	the	DET	Irish	ADJ	 Irish
" Intro Song " was an early version of " Speak to Me ", which later appeared on The Dark Side of the Moon. The band insisted on playing live, and brought their regular touring gear with them. Their roadie, Peter Watts, suggested that	that	SCONJ	their	PRON	 their
Two species (T. serratus and T. flabellatus) stood apart from these groups. By 1933, and his revision of the landmark 1907 Hatcher Marsh Lull monograph of all known ceratopsians, he retained his two groups and two unaffiliated species, with a third lineage of T.	T.	PROPN	obtusus	NOUN	 obtusus
As each region has its own traditional pattern, batiks are commonly distinguished by the region they originated in, such as batik Solo, batik Pekalongan, and batik Madura. Batiks from Java can be distinguished by their general pattern and colours into batik pedalaman (inland batik	batik	NOUN	)	PUNCT	)
Although he was a proponent of secular politics, Nasser was an observant Muslim who made the Hajj pilgrimage to Mecca in 1954 and 1965. He was known to be personally incorruptible, a characteristic which further enhanced his reputation among the citizens of Egypt and the Arab world	world	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
Unlike other ferns, the spores in this family are produced inside sporocarps. These are hairy, short stalked, bean shaped structures usually 3 to 8 mm in diameter with a hardened outer covering. This outer covering is tough and resistant to drying out, allowing the	the	DET	spores	NOUN	 spores
McGill's contract affiliated teaching hospitals include the Montreal Children's Hospital, the Montreal General Hospital, the Montreal Neurological Hospital, the Montreal Chest Institute and the Royal Victoria Hospital which are all now part of the McGill University Health Centre. Other hospitals that health care students	students	NOUN	may	AUX	 may
M 66 turns west along M 21 (Lincoln Avenue) for two blocks before turning back to the north along State Street. The trunkline runs through the northern part of the county and meets M 44's eastern terminus near Woodard Lake. In Montcalm County, M	M	PROPN	66	NUM	 66
He was nominated for Outstanding Comedy Series for Taxi in 1983 and Cheers in 1985, Outstanding Writing for a Comedy Series for It's Garry Shandling's Show in 1988 and Outstanding Variety, Music Or Comedy Special for The Best of Tracey Ullman Show in 1990. He	He	PRON	also	ADV	 also
Amane is admired by many of the students from Spica as well as students from the other two schools, although she does not enjoy the attention. In the anime, Hikari admires her deeply, and she and Amane have mutual interest in each other. The final	final	ADJ	girl	NOUN	 girl
The film's protagonist, though, does meet an attractive young man who plays in the dance band and has a one night fling with him. When she travels to the capital city where he lives in order to resume their romance, she meets his parents and	and	CCONJ	comes	VERB	 comes
Fortunately for the British, Flight Sergeant Cox and several sappers arrived at this time and proceeded to dismantle the radar equipment, placing the pieces on specially designed trolleys. Having secured the radar equipment and under heavy enemy fire, Major Frost gave the order for the three	three	NUM	detachments	NOUN	 detachments
The landing force split into two groups, with one group assaulting Guadalcanal, and the other Tulagi, Florida, and nearby islands. Allied warships bombarded the invasion beaches while U.S. carrier aircraft bombed Japanese positions on the target islands and destroyed 15 Japanese seaplanes at their base	base	NOUN	near	ADP	 near
The film was released on September 16, 1910, and received neutral to negative reviews. The film is presumed lost. Though the film is presumed lost, a synopsis survives in The Moving Picture World from September 17, 1910. It states: " John Deering	Deering	PROPN	is	AUX	 is
The player is awarded either a bronze, silver, or gold license based on the number of points attained. More difficult tests become available as the player progresses. There are three main events in Pilotwings 64 required to complete the game, each of which has its	its	PRON	own	ADJ	 own
From second slip, Jack Crapp dived left behind Edrich but the ball landed a few centimetres beyond his fingers. However, in the next over Bedser, Johnston edged the ball in the same manner and Crapp caught the ball easily. Johnston was out for three as	as	SCONJ	Australia	PROPN	 Australia
The squad won the team award at this race as well. Charteau showed his climbing prowess and cunning in stage 2 at the Route du Sud, outpacing Movistar Team's Vasil Kiryienka to win alone on a Pyreneean hilltop in Cauterets. The team did not win any	any	DET	stage	NOUN	 stage
Portisch and Smyslov contested a six game playoff in Portorož, Yugoslavia in early 1971 for the reserve position for the Candidates Tournament. The match ended 3 – 3; Portisch was declared the winner because of a better tie break score in the main tournament. Petrosian as	as	ADP	the	DET	 the
Born in London, Richard " Dick " Toms (1914 – 2005) was largely self taught as an architect, and had met and befriended Edward during the war before gaining employment alongside him at the LCC. Toms ' wife Mary (née Lehner, 1920 –	–	PUNCT	2010	NUM	 2010
The date for the attempted negotiations is debated; Some scholars including John F. Drinkwater set the event in 253 while others such as Alaric Watson set it in 256 following the destruction of Dura Europos. Several inscriptions dating to the end of 257 or early 258 show Odaenathus	Odaenathus	PROPN	bearing	VERB	 bearing
Due to low Nielsen ratings during the first season, NBC executives decided to order only a four episode season, after which they would evaluate the ratings and decide whether to renew the show. Homicide was moved to a new timeslot of Thursdays at 10 p.m. EST,	,	PUNCT	temporarily	ADV	 temporarily
The fungus prefers to fruit in disturbed areas such as trails and abandoned forest roads; it is not commonly found in grasslands. It is known from the Pacific Northwest region of North America where it has been collected in California, Idaho, Oregon, Washington, and	and	CCONJ	it	PRON	 it
The freeway curves southeasterly and then northeasterly through the complex as it runs eastward through the adjacent residential subdivisions. I 696 passes south of 12 Mile Road in the Mile Road System through Farmington Hills, passing south of Harrison High School and north of Mercy High School.	.	PUNCT	After	ADP	 After
Construction began on 13 September 1573, and it was complete by 1580. The fortress was built under the master builder Giannis Skordilis, and a total of 107,142 Cretans and 40,205 animals took part in its construction. Although the original plan had been to demolish the old	old	ADJ	fortifications	NOUN	 fortifications
The following day, Flores Aráoz announced his decision to postpone his trip after conferring with the Foreign Affairs Minister, José García Belaúnde. Several members of the Peruvian government commented on the spokesman's remarks including president García who said the country " did not accept pressure or	or	CCONJ	orders	NOUN	 orders
On March 22, 2012, the band posted a video on YouTube featuring numerous scenes from the band in the studio, recording the album. On June 26, 2012, the album was released under the title Overexposed. The band's lead singer Adam Levine co	co	NOUN	wrote	VERB	 wrote
This British Empire victory, the first against the Ottoman Empire in the war, ensured the safety of the Suez Canal from ground attacks, and ended the Central Powers ' ambitions of disrupting traffic through the canal by gaining control of the strategically important northern approaches to the	the	DET	Suez	PROPN	 Suez
Striker and Vampiro provided English language commentary for the entire first season of the show, with the season finale airing on August 5, 2015. On September 21, 2015, Lucha Underground confirmed via Twitter that the show would return for a second season, with Striker	Striker	PROPN	and	CCONJ	 and
Although its plan dates from an earlier period, much of the church as it now stands was built between 1292 and 1370, with the south aisle and transept in the Decorated Gothic of the 13th century and the greater part of the building in the late 14th century	century	NOUN	Perpendicular	NOUN	 Perpendicular
More obvious remains of the power stations are their three large sub stations that still supply the local region. Much of this electrical power is generated in Scotland's Cockenzie power station, transported via a 275 kilovolt (kV) and a 400 kV connection. The power	power	NOUN	stations	NOUN	 stations
" That month, General Mario Roatta, commander of the Italian 2nd Army, contacted Jevđević and " legalised " 3,000 of his Chetniks, formally authorising them to operate in eastern Herzegovina. In the autumn of 1942, Jevđević took a radically different approach than other Chetnik	Chetnik	PROPN	leaders	NOUN	 leaders
Garfield's death was not just a personal tragedy for Blaine; it also meant the end of his dominance of the cabinet and the end of his foreign policy initiatives. With Arthur's ascent to the presidency, the Stalwart faction now held sway and Blaine's days	days	NOUN	at	ADP	 at
The game received positive reviews on both GameSpot and IGN websites. The website RPGFan also gave it a positive review, stating that it is " very well designed and is a lot of fun to play " and concluding that it " has a great English translation,	,	PUNCT	interesting	ADJ	 interesting
" In 1976, two longstanding activists in the völkisch and far right milieu, Adolf and Sigrun Schleipfer, established the Armanen Order in order to revive List's ideas, adopting a strong anti modernist stance and a desire to revive pre Christian religion. It was through	through	ADP	the	DET	 the
Gergonne found the radical axis R of the unknown solution circles as follows. Any pair of circles has two centers of similarity; these two points are the two possible intersections of two tangent lines to the two circles. Therefore, the three given circles have six centers	centers	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
The ships ' 37 mm 83 calibre guns were twin mounted and placed in the superstructure. The mounts were hand operated and automatically stabilised for roll and pitch. These guns were supplied with a total of 32,000 rounds of ammunition. Bismarck and Tirpitz were initially armed with	with	ADP	twelve	NUM	 twelve
After releasing their 2010 album Contra, the band toured and wrote new material during sound checks. Following a period in which the quartet pursued different musical projects, they regrouped and began work on their third record in 2011. Working with no deadline in mind, the	the	DET	band	NOUN	 band
Hal Rogers was also considered a suspect because he had posted bail for his brother, knowing he had abused Michelle. He later said that he had promised the family he would post bail and would not renege on his promise. Investigators from Florida and Ohio also discovered	discovered	VERB	that	SCONJ	 that
Ibrahim exchanged places with Abu'l Abbas, who was named as his successor: Abu'l Abbas left Sicily for Ifriqiya, while Ibrahim now resolved to take up the mantle of the Holy War, and accompanied a group of volunteers to Sicily in the summer. In an act	act	NOUN	that	PRON	 that
For many years Germans kept quiet about their experiences and felt a sense of communal guilt, even if they were not directly involved in war crimes. Once study of Nazi Germany was introduced into the school curriculum starting in the 1970s, people began researching the experiences of	of	ADP	their	PRON	 their
Allen's men then moved through the western end of the camp, and another fire fight broke out with an estimated 60 Viet Cong soldiers. Later that afternoon Allen decided to break contact and return to base, to avoid fighting a battle that could last until the	the	DET	evening	NOUN	 evening
The main decision making body of the Istanbul Metropolitan Municipality is the Municipal Council, with members drawn from district councils. The Municipal Council is responsible for citywide issues, including managing the budget, maintaining civic infrastructure, and overseeing museums and major cultural centers. Since the	the	DET	government	NOUN	 government
Often, the passage of the Pampero winds occurs as a cold front passes through, leading to strong gusts from the south or southeast, a decrease in humidity and temperature, and an increase in the atmospheric pressure. When the cold Pampero winds meet with warm humid	humid	ADJ	air	NOUN	 air
The Co op mode is initially limited to one boss run challenge, but after a file is beaten, two more challenges become available. The online Shop mode allows players to sell their items to other player. When another player buys the item, the selling player	player	NOUN	gains	VERB	 gains
He criticized Karzai's policy, which he called a " fatal mistake and a recipe for civil war ". " My view is there must not be a deal with the Taliban. Ever. There must be a process. And according to that process, based	based	VERB	on	ADP	 on
The zoo closed in September 1977 after its owners decided they could no longer afford its losses of £100,000 a year. The amusement park remained open on summer weekends until 1980. The land was sold in 1982, and the site finally cleared in 1987. All	All	PRON	that	PRON	 that
In February 2011, the press announced that the new president of Brazil, Dilma Rousseff, had decided in favour of the American F 18. After much delay due to budget constraints, in December 2013 the Brazilian government selected the Gripen NG in a US $5	5	NUM	billion	NUM	 billion
It was recovered a month later by the White Star liner Oceanic, with the bodies still aboard. Those on Carpathia were startled by the scene that greeted them as the sun came up: " fields of ice on which, like points on the landscape, rested	rested	VERB	innumerable	ADJ	 innumerable
His century was also part of a 249 run fourth wicket partnership which became a Yorkshire record. Boycott cemented his place in the Yorkshire XI in the 1963 season with successive scores of 76, 53, 49 not out and 50, and on 29 August made a	a	DET	century	NOUN	 century
The dusky dolphin and the Pacific white sided dolphin are considered phylogenetically related species. Some researchers have suggested they are the same species, but morphological and life history evidence shows otherwise. The two sister species diverged at around 1.9 – 3.0 million years ago. Recent analysis	analysis	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
The ethnic violence committed by Bosnian Serbs against civilians resulted in the greatest number of civilian victims in the Bosnian war, culminating in the 1995 Srebrenica massacre. In November 1994, the Siege of Bihać — a battle of the Bosnian War — entered a critical stage as	as	SCONJ	the	DET	 the
According to film historian Steven Dillon, Diane transitions a former roommate into Rita: following a tense scene where the roommate collects her remaining belongings, Rita appears in the apartment, smiling at Diane. After Betty and Rita find the decomposing body, they flee the apartment	apartment	NOUN	and	CCONJ	 and
Vortexes rotate with the period of about 3 days in the direction of general super rotation of the atmosphere. The linear wind speeds are 35 – 50 m / s near their outer edges and zero at the poles. The temperature at the cloud tops in the polar	polar	ADJ	vortexes	NOUN	 vortexes
Quarter Ponies are often used in western riding activities as mounts for children because of their small size, and calm, even temperament. Larger ponies are more suitable for adult riders and sometimes used for rodeo events such as steer wrestling. The Quarter Pony is recognized by	by	ADP	several	ADJ	 several
During its original 1989 theatrical release, Mermaid earned $84,355,863 at the North American box office, falling just short of Katzenberg's expectations but earning 64% more than Oliver. The film was theatrically reissued on November 14, 1997, on the same day as Anastasia	Anastasia	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
The College of Natural and Agricultural Sciences, founded in 1960, incorporated the CES as part of the first research oriented institution at UCR; it eventually also incorporated the natural science departments formerly associated with the liberal arts college to form its present structure in 1974. UCR	UCR	PROPN	's	PART	's
He was assigned to the Providence Bruins to begin the 2010 – 11 season and spent the entire campaign in the AHL. The Bruins traded him to the Anaheim Ducks, along with Sean Zimmerman, in exchange for David Laliberte and Stefan Chaput on February 27, 2011	2011	NUM	.	PUNCT	.
" Square has reused several songs from the game (notably the " Battle " theme) in later titles and released them on compilation soundtracks. The introductory music, titled " Prologue ", appeared remixed as the opening for the next two SaGa games. " Heartful	Heartful	ADJ	Tears	NOUN	 Tears
Here I Stand had unweighted first day sales of 146,000 in the US, and in its first three days of release sold an unweighted 267,000 units. The album debuted at number one on the Billboard 200 chart. Selling 433,000 copies domestically in its first week of release	release	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
Only when it became clear that the negotiations could not be completed in time did Tang finally finish drawing up a plan calling for all his units to launch a coordinated breakout of the Japanese encirclement. They were to commence the breakout under cover of darkness at 11:	:	SYM	00	NUM	 00
In a poll conducted by IGN, it was voted as the best Pokémon, where the staff commented about remembering being torn between choosing Blastoise and Charizard at the start of the game. In a poll by Official Nintendo Magazine, Charizard was voted as the best Fire	Fire	PROPN	type	NOUN	 type
Hagrid overpowers them and flees the school. McGonagall, trying to disrupt the violence, is badly injured and is put in St. Mungo's Hospital. On the last day of OWL tests, Harry has a vision of Sirius being tortured by Voldemort in the Department of	of	ADP	Mysteries	PROPN	 Mysteries
" A series of safety meetings were scheduled in order to prevent accidents on the set. One of the items on the agenda was finding the closest hospital to the set, according to make up effects coordinator John Vulich. Furthermore, several of the cast and crew	crew	NOUN	members	NOUN	 members
At the end of the trail were the words, " I must fly. " Police had later identified the individual as none other than " local scumbag " Frederick Hatton Gherkins. Related: • April Fool's Day Street Pranks http: / / www.museumofhoaxes.com / hoax	hoax	ADJ	/	SYM	 /
" For the most part, we usually told him to try to stay away from the programmed drums and come up with his own parts, and he did. So much of that is his taking it in a different direction, " Moore said. " There	There	PRON	was	VERB	 was
Thus signalling the absolute freedom Nemo had been seeking – being able to live a life without choice, for while you never choose all things remain possible. The tale of Nemo Nobody reflects a life of choices, whether or not we made the correct choice and what	what	PRON	would	AUX	 would
HRQL improves significantly in the first year. In Western countries, the number of new episodes per year has been estimated to be between 0.89 and 1.89 cases per 100,000 people. Children and young adults are less likely to be affected than the elderly: the risk increases	increases	VERB	by	ADP	 by
" According to The Grove Encyclopedia of American Art, during this phase of Lichtenstein's career " a constant if restrained and a gentle sense of humor contribute just as much to the cheerful lightness of Lichtenstein's work as the balanced, completely harmonious composition. " Narrative	Narrative	ADJ	content	NOUN	 content
In 1998, 2.5 million copies were sold, although it was released only 39 days before the end of the year; it earned $150 million in US revenues, higher than any Hollywood film in the last six weeks of 1998. In Japan, 820,000 copies	copies	NOUN	were	AUX	 were
" Fantasy Sequins " begins with the same bow played string instrument as on " Crying ", soon joined by harmonium (played by Desad) and Indian percussion. This track segues into " On the Bed ", although Madinger and Easter write that the correct title	title	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
She avoided the re written press releases and industry jargon that were common in prior issues. Some of the subjects upon which she focused included box office numbers, controversies, fashion and personal celebrity news. Min created art and photography departments and hired more journalists. The	The	DET	publication	NOUN	 publication
She was not entitled to be known as Grand Duchess; she instead used the style " Madame or Countess Brasova ". For six months, they stayed in hotels in France and Switzerland, without any decrease in their standard of living. They were visited by Michael	Michael	PROPN	's	PART	's
It was first hinted at the December 1999 release, Resident Evil 4 underwent a long development time during which four proposed versions of the game were discarded. Initially developed for the PlayStation 2, the first attempt was directed by Hideki Kamiya after producer Shinji Mikami requested him	him	PRON	to	PART	 to
Recalling the experience in an interview with The New York Times, MacFarlane stated, I spent about six months with no sleep and no life, just drawing like crazy in my kitchen and doing this pilot. Upon completion of the pilot, the series went on the	the	DET	air	NOUN	 air
Apart from his personal recollections, Henri Coanda also bestowed upon the museum some drawings and illustrations of his turbo propulseur. The drawings, purporting to show internal details of the machine, are unfortunately modern. That is to say, they were obviously executed in the 1960s	1960s	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
The range had grown too far for accurate shooting, so Beatty altered course four points to port to close the range again between 16: 12 and 16: 15. This manoeuvre exposed Lion to the fire of the German battlecruisers, and she was hit several times	times	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
He argues that Jennings was a successful campaigner, but an " indifferent " statesman and governor who was " not very good at laying out an agenda and achieving its implementation ". Jennings believed in popular democracy, opposed slavery, and despised aristocrats, especially William Henry	Henry	PROPN	Harrison	PROPN	 Harrison
The Tumangan Development Project is threatening to destroy potential habitat in the area of several of the historic records. This duck was collected in Korea and exported to Japan between 1716 and 1736 for aviculture, where it was known as the Korean Mandarin Duck. It was captured	captured	VERB	for	ADP	 for
" As well as " Wah Wah ", " Art of Dying " and others that would soon be developed in a band setting, Harrison's solo performance for Spector included the following songs, all of which remain unreleased: " Window, Window " – another	another	DET	composition	NOUN	 composition
Savannah / Hilton Head International Airport is the second busiest airport in the state as measured by passengers served, and is the only additional international airport. Other commercial airports (ranked in order of passengers served) are located in Augusta, Columbus, Albany, Macon,	,	PUNCT	Brunswick	PROPN	 Brunswick
Nash returned on February 4, 2014, shooting 3 for 6 for 7 points. On February 7, 2014, his 40th birthday, he scored a season high 19 points in a victory over the Philadelphia 76ers. On March 13, Nash was ruled out for	for	ADP	the	DET	 the
Unimportant matters could be voted on by a voice vote or by a show of hands, while important votes resulted in a physical division of the house, with senators voting by taking a place on either side of the chamber. Any vote was always between a proposal	proposal	NOUN	and	CCONJ	 and
Microprinting, On numerous areas of the banknotes you can see microprinting, for example, inside the " EYPΩ " (EURO in Greek characters) on the front. You will need a magnifying glass to see it. The tiny text is sharp, and not blurred	blurred	VERB	.	PUNCT	.
The oldest tilefish recorded to date was a 46 year old female specimen that reached lengths of 33.5 in (850 mm), while the oldest recorded male specimen was 41.3 in (1,050 mm) and 29 years. This study shows that the Female specimens may be	be	AUX	smaller	ADJ	 smaller
An NBC spokesman said the network had left out that segment because its programming was " tailored for the US audience ". There was also criticism of commentators Matt Lauer and Meredith Vieira for suggesting that the Queen had actually jumped out of a helicopter. Vieira and Lauer	Lauer	PROPN	admitted	VERB	 admitted
The band sometimes performed while Tong's kit was re amped and played sections live while a brick was placed on the sustain pedal of a piano to capture the vibrations during the performances. During the six weeks at Grouse Lodge, Bloc Party tried multiple versions of songs	songs	NOUN	and	CCONJ	 and
The location used for One Eyed Jacks appeared in only one other episode of the series after its appearance here, with footage for both filmed on the same day. When the setting was revisited in the series ' second season, a set was built to represent another	another	DET	part	NOUN	 part
He was assigned to the team's American Hockey League (AHL) affiliate, the Cincinnati Mighty Ducks, to complete the 2003 – 04 season. He scored two goals in seven regular season games, and one more in nine playoff games. He remained with Cincinnati	Cincinnati	PROPN	in	ADP	 in
Athletics were practised at the school as early as 1871 when a sports day was held; the 100 yards and half a mile races, hurdles, the pole jump and throwing the cricket ball were activities in which forms competed. Football was played at the school as	as	ADV	early	ADV	 early
Space expenditures must take their proper place within a rigorous system of national priorities... What we do in space from here on in must become a normal and regular part of our national life and must therefore be planned in conjunction with all of the other undertakings which are	are	AUX	important	ADJ	 important
Moby created a remake of The James Bond Theme to be used for the movie. Two different versions of the soundtrack album were released, the first featuring only music from the first half of the film, and the second rectifying this but cutting several tracks, including	including	VERB	the	DET	 the
Mussels are commonly seen here in addition to fish specialties of Sète, Bourride, Tielles and Rouille de seiche. In the Languedoc jambon cru, sometimes known as jambon de montagne is produced. High quality Roquefort comes from the brebis (sheep) on the Larzac plateau	plateau	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
The plans centered on a three mile long grand boulevard running from north to south, which Speer called the Prachtstrasse, or Street of Magnificence; he also referred to it as the " North South Axis ". At the northern end of the boulevard, Speer planned	planned	VERB	to	PART	 to
Accepting the commission, Kneale quickly decided that, in keeping with Christmas tradition, he would write a ghost story, but with a difference – ancient spirits would come into collision with modern science. The concept of mixing the supernatural with high technology had long been a	a	DET	feature	NOUN	 feature
In September 2009, it was announced that the first 27 volumes had sold over 20 million copies in Japan, becoming one of Clamp's best selling titles. In its debut, the first volume of World Chronicle sold 127.643 units. After the first volume's English	English	ADJ	release	NOUN	 release
NOI members have offered contradictory accounts of the events that caused his exit and whether he left voluntarily. His departure has been variously attributed to doubts about the NOI's theology, violations of their moral code, objections to the luxurious lifestyles of their senior leadership, or	or	CCONJ	Malcolm	PROPN	 Malcolm
Despite this, the anarcho syndicalist union persisted and gradually acquired a degree of influence, focusing its efforts through propaganda in Golos Truda, with the intent of capturing the attention of the public with its ideals and by differentiating itself from the other radical factions. The paper	paper	NOUN	's	PART	's
The Greek word gave rise to Latin sericum und ultimately Old English sioloc, Middle English silk. According to a story by Procopius, it was not until 552 CE that the Byzantine emperor Justinian obtained the first silkworm eggs. He had sent two Nestorian monks to Central	Central	PROPN	Asia	PROPN	 Asia
Contributors included Mark Twain and Stephen Crane. Davenport was among a number of talented staff on the Examiner whom Hearst transferred to New York and employed on the Journal at a high salary. In 1896, a presidential election year, Davenport was sent to Washington to meet	meet	VERB	and	CCONJ	 and
Rows of candles arranged along the floor burn as a bagpiper plays a dirge. The assembled mourners, a mix of military personnel and civilians, attend as the casket's red ODST flag is removed, revealing the name of the deceased. A young man looks on	on	ADP	as	SCONJ	 as
She ranked third in the Pac 10 for goals (13) and second in game winning goals (6) earning her First team Soccer America MVP, Third team NSCAA All American, First team NSCAA All Pacific Region, and First team All Pac 10 honors the	the	DET	same	ADJ	 same
The mother will not tolerate the presence of males after the birth of cubs, given a risk of infanticide; this behavior is also found in the tiger. The young are born blind, gaining sight after two weeks. Cubs are weaned at three months, but	but	CCONJ	remain	VERB	 remain
The cyclone steadily weakened thereafter before making landfall on Nova Scotia on September 17 with winds of 85 mph (135 km / h). Moving into the Gulf of Saint Lawrence later that day, the storm transitioned into an extratropical cyclone. The remnant system curved eastward	eastward	ADV	and	CCONJ	 and
The bridge is greatly endangered through the beginning of intensive cultivation in the vicinity. The locals strip the still intact bridge surface for stones; bulldozers employed to build irrigation canals rip the structure apart and crush the stone pavement with their caterpillar tracks. In 1993, the	the	DET	civil	ADJ	 civil
One contender in maximum size among the predatory sharks is the tiger shark (Galeocerdo cuvier). While tiger sharks which are typically both a few feet smaller and have a leaner, less heavy body structure than white sharks, have been confirmed to reach at least 5.5	5.5	NUM	metres	NOUN	 metres
George S. Parker reprinted the green cover label to read H. P. Ives, Geo. S. Parker & Co. and affixed this label to the back of the gameboard over the original H. P. Ives label. By 1888, Henry P. Ives sold all the game rights of	of	ADP	the	DET	 the
In his defence speech of 80 BCE for Sextus Roscius (accused of having murdered his own father), he expounds on the symbolic importance of the punishment as follows, for example, as Cicero believed it was devised and designed by the previous Roman generations: They	They	PRON	therefore	ADV	 therefore
Simon's relationship with Groening was strained and he left the show in 1993, negotiating a pay off which saw him receive tens of millions of dollars from the show's revenue each year. The following year Simon co created The George Carlin Show, before later working	working	VERB	as	ADP	 as
In his review for Entertainment Weekly, Vozick Levinson wrote: " We are to understand that he is once again at wit's end with the world, full of barely contained energy that he's not yet sure how to direct. " Although he didn't feel	feel	VERB	that	SCONJ	 that
To be able to run CP / M, which requires RAM at the bottom of the address space, the bank switching was further improved, allowing the ROM to be paged out for another 16 KB of RAM. Such core changes brought incompatibilities: Removal of several	several	ADJ	lines	NOUN	 lines
On 1 March 1946, the post of Commander in Chief was abolished and Sturdee became Chief of the General Staff again. There was much work to be done; the wartime Army had a strength of 383,000 in August 1945, of whom 177,000 were serving outside Australia	Australia	PROPN	.	PUNCT	.
Booker subsequently won the next regular election for the Senate seat against Jeff Bell in 2014. Booker was born on April 27, 1969, in Washington, D.C., and grew up in Harrington Park, New Jersey, 20 miles (32 km) north of Newark	Newark	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
It normally selects the fruits positioned directly in front of its eyes, picking them one at a time with some rare exceptions. When feeding, it uses a foot to pick up the food. The amazon feeds in a slow, paused manner taking 8 – 60	60	NUM	seconds	NOUN	 seconds
On September 18, 2013, Cyrus unveiled four additional covers for the physical version of the deluxe record, which were sporadically distributed across international retailers and voted on by fans to determine the official cover to be printed for future pressings. Two of the covers display Cyrus	Cyrus	PROPN	dressed	VERB	 dressed
[...] My storyline has come to an end, but there is a good indication that the writers see my character coming back. " Elba made an appearance in " Company Picnic ", the fifth season finale. Elba said he did not watch " Broke	Broke	VERB	"	PUNCT	 "
A powerful Croatian baron, Paul Šubić, sent his brother, George, to Italy in early 1300 to convince Charles II of Naples to send his grandson to Hungary to claim the throne in person. The king of Naples accepted the proposal and borrowed 1,300 ounces of	of	ADP	gold	NOUN	 gold
Fletcher scored both goals in each half, the first coming after he met Halliday's low cross at the back post and the second came after collecting Coulson's pass, cutting inside and shooting into the far corner. De Girolamo returned to York for a third youth	youth	NOUN	loan	NOUN	 loan
Houston offered to appoint Ross as an aide de camp with the rank of colonel, but Ross refused. In early 1861, after Texas voted to secede from the United States and join the Confederacy, Ross's brother Peter began recruiting men for a new military company	company	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
Along with their better known brothers, Mick and Ray played first class cricket for Victoria, although the former moved to Queensland after one season for his native state due to a lack of opportunities. Neither approached the level of success of Neil or Merv and often found	found	VERB	themselves	PRON	 themselves
The seal for the end piers was thickened to 14 feet (4.3 m) and would be deposited through a tremie, as previously suggested by Tompkins. The Bridgeport bridge commission terminated the contract on August 20, 1917 and notified Tompkins that it would complete the project	project	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
Fitzgerald Toussaint also scored on a one yard touchdown run in the third quarter. Later in the third quarter, Nebraska closed the gap to 31 – 17 on a three yard touchdown run by Ameer Abdullah. Josh Furman also blocked a punt in the third quarter,	,	PUNCT	the	DET	 the
The tidal heating per unit mass is given by the formula <formula>, where ρ is the (mass) density of the satellite, n is its mean orbital motion, r is the satellite's radius, e is the orbital eccentricity of the satellite,	,	PUNCT	μ	PROPN	 μ
Vanmarcke said that he was " pleased with second place " as he had had a difficult race. He was trapped in the second echelon when the race split early on and it took a " long pursuit " to get back to the leaders. Although he was	was	AUX	not	PART	 not
" For radical abolitionists like Garrison, the most important part of the Declaration was its assertion of the right of revolution: Garrison called for the destruction of the government under the Constitution, and the creation of a new state dedicated to the principles of the Declaration.	.	PUNCT	The	DET	 The
Shortly after his coronation, Gustav Vasa heard of the reformatory sermons delivered by Olaus Petri in Strängnäs and called him to Stockholm to have him appointed councillor in 1524. When Petri announced his marriage the following year, the solemnity of the celebration infuriated Catholic prelates to the	the	DET	extent	NOUN	 extent
He received two contract offers: an extension from the Miami Dolphins, and a contract from the Rams. On March 17, 2013, Long signed a four year, $36 million contract with the Rams. At the October 6, 2013, contest against the	the	DET	Jacksonville	PROPN	 Jacksonville
In 1983 the Brabham BT52, driven by Piquet and Italian Riccardo Patrese, was powered by the BMW M12 Straight 4 engine, and powered Brabham to four of the team's 35 Grand Prix victories. British businessman Bernie Ecclestone owned Brabham during most of the 1970s and	and	CCONJ	1980s	NUM	 1980s
Following the first and second choruses, Cobain simultaneously sings the word " Yay " and performs a unison bend on his guitar. After the second chorus, Cobain plays a 16 bar guitar solo that almost completely restates his vocal melody from the verse and pre chorus.	.	PUNCT	During	ADP	 During
Zirconium is a good nuclear fuel rod cladding metal, with the desirable properties of a very low neutron capture cross section and good chemical stability at high temperatures. However, because of hafnium's neutron absorbing properties, hafnium impurities in zirconium would cause it to be far	far	ADV	less	ADV	 less
Crockett was commended for his willingness to call Marsh in the face of public anger and for doing what others would not. When Marsh bowled from the other end in the second innings of the match, his action was deemed by Crockett's umpiring partner Sammy Jones to	to	PART	be	AUX	 be
A year later, the portions of the route west of Clarksons Crossroads and within Georgetown were upgraded to state highway status. In 1927, plans were made to replace the 1914 built county maintained bascule bridge over the Lewes and Rehoboth Canal in Lewes. Replacement of this	this	DET	bridge	NOUN	 bridge
In casual writing, this is sometimes abbreviated as PBUH or SAW; in printed matter, a small calligraphic rendition is commonly used (ﷺ). In line with the hadith prohibition against creating images of sentient living beings, which is particularly strictly observed with respect to	to	ADP	God	PROPN	 God
He contracted more marriages and spent his long life engaged in religious performances and excessive drinking. Madhoji Bhonsle, also known as Appa Saheb, consolidated his power in Nagpur after the murder of his cousin, the imbecile ruler Parsoji Bhonsle. He entered into a treaty with	with	ADP	the	DET	 the
Confined in the school's punishment room, Marie manages to escape with the help of a domestic servant, and runs away. Hilary Russell, a prefect and predatory lesbian, lusts after Mary Beech, the school's cricket captain. On a night expedition in pursuit	pursuit	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
In 1977, " Don't Let Me Wait Too Long " was considered for inclusion on Two Man Band, the last of three albums by Splinter on Harrison's Dark Horse record label. Harrison had suggested they cover the track as a compromise between Splinter's vision	vision	NOUN	and	CCONJ	 and
During the match, Helms attempted to leave, but was blocked by other cruiserweights who threw Helms back into the ring, resulting in Helms losing the match. Helms underwent successful surgery on his nose and was expected to miss five to six weeks. During this time	time	NOUN	SmackDown	PROPN	 SmackDown
Austria lost over three million subjects, about one fifth of her total population, as a result of these territorial changes. Although the Peninsular War continued, the War of the Fifth Coalition was the last major conflict on the European continent until the French invasion of Russia	Russia	PROPN	in	ADP	 in
In 2012, the eastern terminus of the business route was shifted easterly to follow Ann Arbor and Sargent roads to exit 145 on I 94; as a result, the former partial interchange between I 94 and Ann Arbor Road which formerly served as the business route's	's	PART	eastern	ADJ	 eastern
In San Juan Bautista only ruins remain. UNESCO listed the site under criteria IV and V, acknowledging the adaption of Christian religious architecture to the local environment and the unique architecture expressed in the wooden columns and banisters. Recently ICOMOS, the International Council on Monuments and	and	CCONJ	Sites	PROPN	 Sites
However, the last original song Smith played live was " Say Yes ". Smith died on October 21, 2003 at the age of 34 years from two stab wounds to the chest. At the time of the stabbing, he was at his Lemoyne Street home	home	NOUN	in	ADP	 in
He then calls a meeting in which he adopts the persona of " Prison Mike. " Martin comments that Michael's performance did not remind him of his time in prison. This further infuriates Michael, who then locks all of the staff inside the conference room.	.	PUNCT	In	ADP	 In
Approximately 40,115 individuals of Aboriginal heritage could not be counted during the 2006 census. This is due to the fact that certain Aboriginal reserves and communities in Canada did not participate in the 2006 census, since enumeration of those communities were not permitted. In 2006, 22	22	NUM	Native	ADJ	 Native
Conscription had been a contentious issue ever since Federation and when the AIF was initially raised in 1914 it had been decided that it would be an all volunteer force due to the provisions of the Defence Act that precluded sending conscripts overseas. Nevertheless, as the war progressed	progressed	VERB	,	PUNCT	,
There were few female wrestlers in the area, so she worked in several matches against male wrestlers. The following month, Stock began wrestling for Afa Anoaʻi's World Xtreme Wrestling (WXW), based in Pennsylvania, United States. She worked against female wrestlers,	,	PUNCT	including	VERB	 including
According to historian Paul Fussell, " In Flanders Fields " was the most popular poem of its era. McCrae received numerous letters and telegrams praising his work when he was revealed as the author. The poem was republished throughout the world, rapidly becoming synonymous with the	the	DET	sacrifice	NOUN	 sacrifice
Based in Mogadishu, it constituted the executive branch of government. The Federal Government of Somalia was established on 20 August 2012, concurrent with the end of the TFG's interim mandate. It represents the first permanent central government in the country since the start of the	the	DET	civil	ADJ	 civil
Extremely small radial velocity variations can be observed, of 1 m / s or even somewhat less. This method has the advantage of being applicable to stars with a wide range of characteristics. One of its disadvantages is that it can not determine a planet's true	true	ADJ	mass	NOUN	 mass
The cistern contained a total capacity of 120,000 cubic meters and for centuries it formed part of Jerusalem's rainwater storage system. The pool also served as a moat, protecting the northern wall of the Temple Mount. The eastern and western ends of the pool were partially	partially	ADV	rock	NOUN	 rock
The accompanying music video of " It Girl " was directed by Colin Tilley and filmed at a mansion in Malibu, California. It portrays a fictional relationship between Derulo and his love interest played by actress Tika Sumpter. To promote the song, Derulo performed the song	song	NOUN	live	ADV	 live
In 53 BC, Crassus launched a Roman invasion of the Parthian Empire. After initial successes, he marched his army deep into the desert; but here his army was cut off deep in enemy territory, surrounded and slaughtered at the Battle of Carrhae in " the	the	DET	greatest	ADJ	 greatest
Bread from the prison bakehouse was included in every meal in the convict era. It was served with black tea for breakfast, and with either tea or cocoa in the evening. The main meal, called dinner, was in the middle of the day, and	and	CCONJ	also	ADV	 also
The Court of Appeals remanded the case to the District Court to determine the salvage award ($225 million requested by RMS Titanic Inc.). On 24 March 2009, it was revealed that the fate of 5,900 artefacts retrieved from the wreck would rest with a U.S.	U.S.	PROPN	District	PROPN	 District
Some had said that the database might lead to self fulfilling prophecies, where children from difficult backgrounds were treated as potential delinquents. The government was accused of using the public's response to the death of Victoria Climbié to force through the unpopular proposal and to curb civil	civil	ADJ	liberties	NOUN	 liberties
The war continued until 1100 or 1101. Danish king Eric Evergood, concerned that the conflict would escalate, began peace talks between the two kings. Relations had been strained between Denmark and Norway after Magnus ' 1096 raids into Halland, and Eric feared that the conflict	conflict	NOUN	might	AUX	 might
Cooney's boss, Lewis Freedman, whom Cooney called " the grandfather of Sesame Street ", also attended the party, as did their colleague Anne Bower. As a vice president at the Carnegie Corporation, Morrisett had awarded several million dollars in grants to organizations that	that	PRON	educated	VERB	 educated
Hawke portrayed Nando Parrado, one of the survivors of the crash. Hawke's next role was in the Generation X drama Reality Bites (1994), in which he played Troy, a slacker who mocks the ambitions of his love interest (played by Winona Ryder	Ryder	PROPN	)	PUNCT	)
In 2006, there were 19 murders giving the city a rate of 10.5 per 100,000 people. In 2007 the city had 28 murders with a rate of 15.8 per 100,000 people. The total crime index rate for Newport News is 434.7; the United States average is	is	AUX	320.9	NUM	 320.9
When Madonna decided to create You Can Dance, she and Stephen Bray reworked the demo composed by Hudson and Madonna asked Shep Pettibone, who had remixed her songs from True Blue, to remix " Spotlight " and included it on the album. John " Jellybean "	"	PUNCT	Benitez	PROPN	 Benitez
A memorial was built across the ship's sunken remains, including a shrine room listing the names of the lost crew members on a marble wall. The national memorial was administratively listed on the National Register of Historic Places on 15 October 1966. The ship herself was	was	AUX	designated	VERB	 designated
This phosphorylation reaction is an equilibrium, which can be shifted by altering the proton motive force. In the absence of a proton motive force, the ATP synthase reaction will run from right to left, hydrolyzing ATP and pumping protons out of the matrix across the membrane	membrane	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
Everyone in the office grows anxious as the premiere of the PBS TV documentary The Office: An American Workplace draws near. Andy Bernard (Ed Helms) combines an unflattering appraisal of himself from an early newspaper of the program and his blunt self assessment that he's	's	AUX	unlikely	ADJ	 unlikely
It is served by Carr Hill Primary School. There are two small parks that contribute to the social activity of the area, as does the Elgin Centre at Elgin Road. Two historic venues, both now closed, face uncertain futures, as does the parish church	church	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
Aerial gameplay puts the main character atop his dragon, which is guided round by the player to attack enemy formations and large structures on the ground or enemies and airships in the sky. The player can also jump between the dragon and the ground during ground based missions	missions	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
Against Victoria, Peel also scored 48 and 65 with the bat. He played a leading role in the first Test, which Wisden described as " probably the most sensational match ever played either in Australia or in England ". Australia scored 586 in their first innings	innings	NOUN	;	PUNCT	;
The project had issues dealing with the vertical clearance of the overpass for U.S. Route 46 westbound. The removal of the circle would eliminate this bridge, and the land would go to use as the new signalized intersection, with pedestrian and bicycle fittings. The entire project	project	NOUN	cost	VERB	 cost
" Born to Make You Happy " received mixed reviews from critics, who praised it for being an early classic and a proficient single, despite considering the song as entirely unremarkable like other ballads on the album. The song was commercially successful worldwide, peaking at number	number	NOUN	one	NUM	 one
She began to feel alienated and was " snappish " as Keir watched for behavioral changes. Her behavior was that of a bipolar high, including " mile a minute " speech, which turned her peaceful art colony to " a quarrelsome dystopia. " Mallory Millett,	,	PUNCT	having	AUX	 having
Johnson recorded 22 songs for ARC over three days from November 23 to 27, 1936. During the first session, he recorded his most commercially appealing songs. They mostly represented his original pieces and reflected current, piano influenced musical trends. The songs include " Terraplane	Terraplane	PROPN	Blues	PROPN	 Blues
She was then seized by the German occupiers of Italy, who restored her original name. She was used in the Adriatic briefly until December 1943, when she ran aground on the island of Silba, and was subsequently destroyed by British Motor Torpedo Boats. The wreck	wreck	NOUN	was	AUX	 was
Hitchcock had long wanted to make a film based on the idea of Hamlet, with Grant in the lead role. Grant stated that Warren Beatty had made a big effort to try to get him to play the role of Mr. Jordan in Heaven Can Wait (1978	1978	NUM	)	PUNCT	)
Because not all the Ohlone bands shared a unified identity, and therefore have varying religious and spiritual beliefs, the stories are unique to the tribe. Today, sacred narratives are still an important part of the Ohlone culture. Sadly, only a minimal number of sacred	sacred	ADJ	stories	NOUN	 stories
Scott concluded, " It ’ s either a stylish or graphically strong cover or a sexist Smell the Glove travesty. " Although British retail chains HMV and Woolworths objected to the photograph's controversial nature, they stocked the album without amendment. The group deliberately left out	out	ADP	the	DET	 the
West and Jay Z argued for four days about having them included on the Watch the Throne, however West eventually relented and the duo recorded " No Church in the Wild " and " Made in America ". In an interview with Zane Lowe, Jay Z said	said	VERB	:	PUNCT	:
Nolan wrote the role with Watanabe in mind, as he wanted to work with him again after Batman Begins. Inception is Watanabe's first work in a contemporary setting where his primary language is English. Watanabe tried to emphasize a different characteristic of Saito in every dream	dream	NOUN	level	NOUN	 level
The settlement document adamantly states there is no admission of wrongdoing on Jackson's part and no admission of molestation or immodesty and that under no circumstances shall any payment be withheld from the complainants, even if they were to testify against Jackson. The Chandlers ' lawyer Mr.	Mr.	PROPN	Feldman	PROPN	 Feldman
" It was announced that Raekwon of the Wu Tang Clan would also be featured on the song, who West had invited to Hawaii. Raekwon initially had no interest in working with West musically, and originally only went to Hawaii to share some insight with him.	.	PUNCT	According	VERB	 According
Recent phylogenetic studies show that the Puerto Rican amazon is more closely related to the Hispaniolan amazon and the Cuban amazon than to the black billed amazon. The Puerto Rican amazon measures 28 – 30 cm (11.0 – 11.8 in) and weighs 250 – 300 g (	(	PUNCT	8.8	NUM	8.8
Her message was simple: ' Hands off Russia! ' ' Bring the boys home! ' " After Bryant returned from her lecture tour in May, she and Reed spent the next few months mainly in Croton on Hudson writing, gardening, and in Reed's	's	PART	case	NOUN	 case
Several temples are found in Goa, the well known ones being the temples at Sanquelim, Sanguem and Gokarna Math. Similarly temple festivals celebrated in Vitthala temples in Margao, Ponda attract a lot a pilgrims. Vitthal is also worshipped as Vitthalnath at the Nathdwara in Rajasthan	Rajasthan	PROPN	.	PUNCT	.
The Umayyads under the governor of Khurasan, Asad ibn Abdallah al Qasri, had invaded the principality of Khuttal in Transoxiana, and the local ruler called upon the Turgesh for aid. The Umayyad army retreated in haste before the Turgesh arrived, managing to cross the Oxus	Oxus	PROPN	river	NOUN	 river
When Frederick III of Habsburg ascended to the throne, the Swiss suddenly faced a new situation in which they could no longer count on support from the empire. Worse yet, conflicts with the Habsburg dukes threatened to become conflicts with the empire itself. Under Frederick's	's	PART	reign	NOUN	 reign
In combat with RAF Spitfires, Wilcke claimed his 13th victory at 11: 45 am on 10 October 1940, his final of the Battle of Britain. In recognition of these achievements he was awarded the Honor Goblet of the Luftwaffe (Ehrenpokal der Luftwaffe) on 1	1	NUM	April	PROPN	 April
The label closed after Led Zeppelin drummer John Bonham died, and Itchy Brother never recorded a full album on Swan Song. Itchy Brother broke up in 1982. After their disbanding, Richard started writing songs for Acuff Rose Music, and Fred became a backing musician for	for	ADP	country	NOUN	 country
In April 1965, construction began on the seven story 1325 Massachusetts Avenue NW, a Modernist building with broad horizontal swaths of grey brick and glass. (The structure was home to the National Air Traffic Controllers Association and National Gay and Lesbian Task Force in 2011.	.	PUNCT	)	PUNCT	)
" For the remainder of his life, Constantine lived in London. He returned to legal practice and was elected an Honorary Bencher of the Middle Temple in 1963, despite his limited experience. He also resumed work in journalism: he wrote and broadcast on cricket,	,	PUNCT	race	NOUN	 race
Moody's also warned that it would downgrade Enron's commercial paper rating, the consequence of which would likely prevent the company from finding the further financing it sought to keep solvent. November began with the disclosure that the SEC was now pursuing a formal investigation, prompted	prompted	VERB	by	ADP	 by
She continued to teach and then, while pregnant, received a Master of Education with a specialty in Reading from West Chester University in 1981. The Bidens ' daughter Ashley Blazer was born on June 8, 1981, and Jill stopped working for two years while raising	raising	VERB	the	DET	 the
It was constructed in eight months, through the Chicago winter, using an onsite concrete mixing plant. This temporary structure also provided office space for the construction. Another source of income for Brundage and his company was hotel construction, for which he was often paid in	in	ADP	part	NOUN	 part
A Keralite identity, distinct from the Tamils, became linguistically separate during this period. For local administration, the empire was divided into provinces under the rule of Naduvazhis, with each province comprising a number of Desams under the control of chieftains, called as Desavazhis.	.	PUNCT	The	DET	 The
The major exception was The Knickerbocker in which Lewis Gaylord Clark reported the murder as a " misfortunate accident ". Colt's lawyers continually petitioned Judge Kent to forbid press coverage, but Kent refused them saying, " The Court has done everything to prevent the jury from	from	ADP	being	AUX	 being
The Austro Hungarian 5th Army was commanded by Liborius Ritter von Frank. In total, the Austro Hungarians had 450,000 troops at their disposal. The Serbian Army had 400,000 soldiers ready to face the Austro Hungarian advance. In mid October, the Austro Hungarians launched another thrust	thrust	NOUN	into	ADP	 into
Painting The Palace Museum holds close to 50,000 paintings. Of these, more than 400 date from before the Yuan dynasty (1271 – 1368). This is the largest such collection in China. The collection is based on the palace collection in the Ming and Qing	Qing	PROPN	dynasties	NOUN	 dynasties
People of 35 to 39 years of age comprised 6.1% of the population, 40- to 44 year olds comprised 6.6% of the population, and 7.6% of the population consisted of 50- to 54 year olds. People of 55 to 59 years of age made	made	VERB	up	ADP	 up
The script went through several changes. The story itself was initially called " Creature of Lies ", and Van Statten was originally called Hiram Duchesne. For a short period of time, Adam was the villains son, but Shearman decided against it. The most notable	notable	ADJ	change	NOUN	 change
The remnant low moved east northeastward until dissipating over West Virginia on June 21. The precursor to Bill produced widespread heavy rain in Central America. In Guatemala, flooding affected more than 100 homes while a landslide killed two people. Two others died in Honduras due to	to	ADP	flooding	NOUN	 flooding
At this time, the Belgians and the British concluded that the French were beaten and the Allied Armies in the pocket on the Belgian – Franco border would be destroyed if action was not taken. The British, having lost confidence in their Allies, decided to look	look	VERB	to	ADP	 to
Short range calls, long range calls, and alarm calls are also used. Nocturnal species are more constrained by the lack of light, so their communication systems differ from those of diurnal species, often using long range calls to claim their territory. Living strepsirrhines are	are	AUX	predominantly	ADV	 predominantly
The side of the ship was entirely covered with three to five layers of armor plates, of which the three innermost plates extended 42 inches (1.1 m) below the waterline. This armor was backed by a wooden beam that had a maximum thickness of 36 inches	inches	NOUN	(	PUNCT	 (
Among the other feature films in which she appeared during the 1990s was Jane Campion's adaptation of the Henry James novel The Portrait of a Lady (1996). Hershey earned an Oscar nomination and won the Best Supporting Actress award from the National Society of Film Critics	Critics	PROPN	for	ADP	 for
The Irregular at Magic High School franchise had been localized for English by two companies: The light novels and one of the manga adaptations are licensed by Yen Press while Aniplex of America licensed the anime series. The anime series was simulcasted on four networks, and was	was	AUX	later	ADV	 later
Metaphysics was abandoned and Greek became compulsory in the first year, followed by Aramaic, Syriac and Hebrew, launching a new fashion for ancient and biblical languages. Glasgow had probably been declining as a university before his arrival, but students now began to attend in large	large	ADJ	numbers	NOUN	 numbers
In addition to the two Championships, the 2008 – 09 team reached the NCAA Championship game, but lost to North Carolina 89 – 72. Since 1995, Michigan State has been coached by Tom Izzo, who has a 524 – 205 record. Izzo's coaching	coaching	NOUN	helped	VERB	 helped
The family were relatives of Hastings MP Musgrave Brisco and inheritors of the Pryce baronetcy. Along with one of his labourers, Wastel Brisco was taken to court in Reading in 1874, charged with the " assualt with intent to ravish " a 13 year old servant girl	girl	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
It was written by Carey, Mikkel S. Eriksen, Tor Erik Hermansen and Johntá Austin, and produced by the former three. It was released as the album's second single on April 15, 2008. The song is influenced by pop and R & B music	music	NOUN	genres	NOUN	 genres
Forming as a tropical depression on August 3, the storm supported strong thunderstorm activity and quickly organized. It became a tropical storm over the following day, and subsequently underwent rapid deepening to attain hurricane status. Later that afternoon, Felicia featured a well defined eye as	as	SCONJ	its	PRON	 its
To be able to plug in to that and let that carry you in to a performance is such a gas, I have so much fun with that. I love kids; I raised two girls and I love being a parent, " he said. The	The	DET	cast	NOUN	 cast
Much of this original wall was demolished when the enclosure was enlarged to the south around the turn of the 16th century. This work was thought to have been done under Abbot John Penny and what remains of the wall is now known as " Abbot Penny's Wall	Wall	PROPN	"	PUNCT	 "
Before colonisation, the lands surrounding Pine Creek, extending north to Brock's Creek, were traditionally associated with another language group that is now extinct, believed to have been Wulwulam. The dominant language of the region is Mayali, a dialect of Bininj Gun Wok traditionally	traditionally	ADV	associated	VERB	 associated
And you can ’ t hate her. Because it's so incredibly human and understandable. " Yang's friendship with Meredith has been looked upon as " sisterhood ", and Yang has repeatedly referred to the former as " her person ". This led to the	the	DET	two	NUM	 two
This represented a 600 mi (970 km) strategic withdrawal from the perimeter which had been planned in March. Japanese naval staff officers gathered in Manila in June to analyze the Take Ichi convoy. The officers believed that Japan's communication codes were secure and discussed alternative	alternative	ADJ	explanations	NOUN	 explanations
Even before publication, the news was brought to the United States by Danish physicist Niels Bohr, who opened the Fifth Washington Conference on Theoretical Physics with Enrico Fermi on January 26, 1939. The results were quickly corroborated by experimental physicists, most notably Fermi and John	John	PROPN	R.	PROPN	 R.
Ben Arfa appeared in the final three matches of the season for the team to bring his appearance total to four. He scored no goals. The foursome of Ben Arfa, Nasri, Benzema, and Menez returned to international play together for under 19 duty. The	The	DET	four	NUM	 four
The role of committees is stronger in the Scottish Parliament than in other parliamentary systems, partly as a means of strengthening the role of backbenchers in their scrutiny of the government and partly to compensate for the fact that there is no revising chamber. The principal role of	of	ADP	committees	NOUN	 committees
The route provides an alternate alignment of U.S. Route 9 through South Toms River and Toms River. The southern terminus is at an intersection with U.S. Route 9 northbound in Beachwood, where it heads northward along Atlantic City Boulevard. The route continues until ending where U.S. Route	Route	PROPN	9	NUM	 9
In 1951, Bouchard was involved in a legal first when he was a defendant in a lawsuit brought by a New York Rangers fan. The fan claimed Bouchard had struck him with his stick when he was waving to a friend watching the game on TV. Bouchard	Bouchard	PROPN	said	VERB	 said
At that moment, a Turkish soldier said to Alp Arslan, " My Sultan, the enemy army is approaching ", and Alp Arslan is said to have replied, " Then we are also approaching them ". Andronikos Doukas led the reserve forces in the rear	rear	NOUN	—	PUNCT	 —
Most notably, the episode's title is a reference to The War of the Worlds and the town this episode takes place in — Miller's Grove — is a play on Grover's Mill, the setting of Orson Welles's 1938 radio adaptation. Originally, a	a	DET	scene	NOUN	 scene
Sociological research by Yukio Hattori reveals that the Konparu School (ja: 金春流), arguably the oldest school of Noh, is a descendant of Mimashi (味摩之), the performer who introduced gigaku, now extinct masked drama dance performance, into Japan from Kudara Kingdom	Kingdom	PROPN	in	ADP	 in
Everything goes easy with this setup and we don ’ t want any extra risk factors ". Mastering for the disc took place at the Cutting Room in Stockholm, Sweden. The title of the album was chosen by Pekka and Antti, who both enjoy hunting.	.	PUNCT	They	PRON	 They
Thorne declared Spook Country a more substantial novel than its predecessor on this basis. John Casimir of The Sydney Morning Herald concurred, writing that despite the similarity in the plots of the novels, the narrative foundation of the later novel was firmer, its structure " more	more	ADV	sophisticated	ADJ	 sophisticated
IV Corps ' position was cloaked by dense mist during the early stage of the battle; in fact how long the mist lasted was vital to Napoleon's plan: Soult's troops would become uncovered if the mist dissipated too soon, but if it lingered too long	long	ADV	,	PUNCT	,
A promotional tour for the album began later that year, including a sold out show at Tramps in New York City. Most shows on the tour sold over one thousand tickets. The success of the tour encouraged the label; according to Sire executive Bill Bentley,	,	PUNCT	"	PUNCT	 "
It was well received by critics; Patrick Gann of RPGFan called the album " an insanely good soundtrack " and noted it as his candidate for video game soundtrack of the year, as well as " one of the best game soundtracks ever ". He applauded that	that	SCONJ	the	DET	 the
Rahman was unsure how to answer, but after exchanging several more emails, they met in Mumbai. Rahman summarized their first meeting by saying " when I talked to him, I had some interest and I wanted to see the film. He had a first cut	cut	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
Beginning in late June, all enlisted personnel received their indoctrination and specialized training at this station. The recruits ' indoctrination period at Palm Beach was six weeks. It covered instruction on subjects such as: activities, organization, personnel, current events, and social hygiene	hygiene	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
At the time, the German East Asia Squadron consisted of the protected cruisers Kaiserin Augusta, Hansa, Hertha, the small cruisers Irene, Gefion, and the gunboats Jaguar and Iltis, but the Kaiser decided that an expeditionary force was necessary to reinforce the Eight Nation	Nation	PROPN	Alliance	PROPN	 Alliance
Meet the Parents was released on VHS & DVD on March 6, 2001. The DVD sales for the film were successful, taking in over $200 million for 2001. Billboard magazine listed the film as having the highest video sales for all weeks from March 31	31	NUM	up	ADP	 up
Along with the rest of South West England, Somerset has a temperate climate which is generally wetter and milder than the rest of the country. The annual mean temperature is approximately 10° C (50.0° F). Seasonal temperature variation is less extreme than most	most	ADJ	of	ADP	 of
The Los Angeles City Attorney's office represented the State of California on appeal. In their brief, the City Attorney argued that the blood test did not violate the Fourth Amendment because the seizure was conducted incident to a lawful arrest. The City Attorney also argued that	that	SCONJ	admitting	VERB	 admitting
The Communist Party of India demanded stringent action against those inciting violence and asked democratic forces to launch a united struggle against such elements. The party also accused the media, particularly the electronic media, of encouraging anti national and parochial forces by giving them " undue publicity	publicity	NOUN	"	PUNCT	 "
This arrangement proved inefficient, however, as 12 B 29 sorties between India and China were needed to transport enough fuel and other supplies to enable one of the heavy bombers to fly a round trip between China and Japan. As a result, it took longer than	than	SCONJ	expected	VERB	 expected
The 14th Army, comprising three divisions, was based in Murmansk. Its objective was to capture the Arctic port of Petsamo and then advance to the town of Rovaniemi. The Finnish strategy was dictated by geography. The frontier with the Soviet Union was more than 1,000	1,000	NUM	km	NOUN	 km
Although Shirley Manson's morose dispositions have a presence on the record, many of the songs share a more optimistic outlook on life, influenced by some of Manson's personal experiences during their hiatus. Recorded mostly at various recording studios in California, Not Your Kind of	of	ADP	People	NOUN	 People
During the production of the episode, the cast and crew were informed by NBC that the show would be picked up for a whole 22 episodes. Initially, the show's second season had only been brought back for six episodes, to test the water. Despite	Despite	SCONJ	the	DET	 the
These shared traits are more similar among species that share a more recent common ancestor, and can be used to reconstruct a biological " tree of life " based on evolutionary relationships (phylogenetics), using both existing species and fossils. The fossil record includes a progression	progression	NOUN	from	ADP	 from
Hester's return also kept a streak alive for there being a kickoff return for a touchdown in each Super Bowl played at Dolphin Stadium. Hester's and Wayne's touchdowns in the first quarter marked the first time in Super Bowl history the first two touchdowns were scored	scored	VERB	by	ADP	 by
Between 0700 and 0800 UTC, Omeka brushed Lisianski Island. Around 0900 UTC, the CPHC issued their final advisory on Omeka, as it transitioned into an extratropical cyclone roughly 280 miles (450 km) east southeast of Midway Island, near Lisianski Island. The extratropical	extratropical	ADJ	cyclone	NOUN	 cyclone
Under Bezbatchenko, Toronto FC made several high profile moves during the 2013 – 14 off season. Among the transfers were MLS veterans Justin Morrow and Jackson; Brasileiro star Gilberto, United States international Michael Bradley of A.S. Roma, and the return of Toronto FC leading goal	goal	NOUN	scorer	NOUN	 scorer
Wildfires in Canada and the US burn an average of 54,500 square kilometers (13,000,000 acres) per year. Above all, fighting wildfires can become deadly. A wildfire's burning front may also change direction unexpectedly and jump across fire breaks. Intense heat and smoke can	can	AUX	lead	VERB	 lead
The disability may be a result of double amputation of both arms and hands or dysmelia of the upper limbs. The International Paralympic Committee (IPC) defined this classification for para alpine as " Competitors with disabilities in both upper limbs skiing with two normal skis and without	without	ADP	poles	NOUN	 poles
(later known as Rocky), Melinda, and Diana. Penny left Roy in the early 1980s, in a high profile storyline that was covered on national television news. The following year Roy was shot in his office by a mystery gunman, in an incident	incident	NOUN	clearly	ADV	 clearly
" The reviewer for The New York Times was impressed by Crane's realistic portrayal of war, writing that the book " strikes the reader as a statement of facts by a veteran ", a sentiment that was echoed by the reviewer for The Critic, who called	called	VERB	the	DET	 the
He soon becomes imprisoned by Lucifer, who tries to tempt Castiel into joining him, pointing out they are both targets of Heaven, but Castiel refuses. He later manages to free himself, but finds he no longer has the power to kill demons. After Sam	Sam	PROPN	and	CCONJ	 and
Ski bottoms are designed to provide a gliding surface and, for classic skis, a traction zone under foot. The base of the gliding surface is a plastic material that is designed both to minimize friction and, in many cases, to accept waxes. Glide wax	wax	NOUN	may	AUX	 may
Four 21 inch (530 mm) submerged torpedo tubes were fitted, one each in the bow, stern and on each broadside; twelve torpedoes were carried. Archduke Franz Ferdinand of Austria traveled aboard Viribus Unitis in late June 1914 en route to Bosnia to observe military	military	ADJ	maneuvers	NOUN	 maneuvers
The Hawaiian people had many names for Sirius, including Aa (" glowing "), Hoku kauopae, Kau ano meha (also Kaulanomeha), " Standing alone and sacred ", Hiki kauelia or Hiki kauilia (the navigational name), Hiki kau lono meha	meha	PROPN	(	PUNCT	 (
She spent the rest of her life in and out of hospitals, and was rarely in contact with Monroe. Monroe was declared a ward of the state, and her mother's friend, Grace McKee Goddard, took responsibility over her and her mother's affairs.	.	PUNCT	In	ADP	 In
This makes her a five time champion overall. In 2009, Perez became the first woman to have won the WWE Women's Championship and the WWE Divas Championship in a single calendar year. Perez also became the first WWE Women's Champion to be traded in a	a	DET	WWE	PROPN	 WWE
" President of Russia Vladimir Putin answered to early objections to the then proposed bill in April 2013 by stating that " I want everyone to understand that in Russia there are no infringements on sexual minorities ' rights. They're people, just like everyone else, and	and	CCONJ	they	PRON	 they
New York fell out of contention for the AL pennant in May, falling to seventh place after playing games away from Hilltop Park for a 24 day period while construction on the stadium concluded. With a final record of 72 – 62 after wins in 19 of 29	29	NUM	games	NOUN	 games
The annual amount payable is 1 ⁄ 30 of the person's highest annual salary for every completed year of service and 1 ⁄ 360 for every uncompleted year, up to a ceiling of two thirds of the Member's annual salary. In addition, a retired MP	MP	NOUN	who	PRON	 who
In 1975, the slogan was used to advertise for the Tareyton " 100 ". In 1976, the American Tobacco Company, which made Tareyton cigarettes, introduced Tareyton Light cigarettes. In the new advertisements, men and women sported " white eyes, " with an	an	DET	updated	VERB	 updated
Radical parties like the Association Démocratique, founded in 1847 at the instigation of Karl Marx, who had briefly lived in Brussels in exile, actively agitated against the unpopular Liberal government under Charles Rogier. However, the success of the Liberals ' economic reforms partially mitigated the	the	DET	effects	NOUN	 effects
His brother Abd al Rahman defeated and killed Khamjird's troops in battle and took 4,000 prisoners, who were then executed. Khurrazadh and his followers were also captured and executed. The Khwarizmians however rebelled shortly after Qutayba's departure and killed the Khwarizmshah. Qutayba replaced the	the	DET	governor	NOUN	 governor
The Usher introduces the proceedings by exhorting the jury to listen to the broken hearted Plaintiff's case but telling them that they " needn't mind " what the " ruffianly defendant " has to say. He adds, however, that " From bias free of every	every	DET	kind	NOUN	 kind
Brentwood Academy is a private high school that fields interscholastic teams as a member of TSSAA. Brentwood was highly successful in sports competition, winning nine state football championships between 1969, when it was founded, and 1997. This success fostered resentment among opponent schools, which	which	PRON	questioned	VERB	 questioned
During these travels he had a brief romance with Henrietta Ewa Ankwiczówna, but class differences again prevented his marrying his new love. Finally about October 1830 he took up residence in Rome, which he declared " the most amiable of foreign cities. " Soon after,	,	PUNCT	he	PRON	 he
Named a " sensation ", " phenomenon ", or other hyped up words in his first two years in the league, most of Clyde's troubles were attributed to the rush to get him into the majors before he was ready. This was due to the	the	DET	fact	NOUN	 fact
In the following table of the movements, the scoring follows the Neue Bach Ausgabe. The keys and time signatures are taken from Alfred Dürr, using the symbol for common time (4 / 4). The instruments are shown separately for winds and strings, while	while	SCONJ	the	DET	 the
Murdoch batted through the innings for 82 not out, making him the hero in the eyes of the locals. He hit 11 fours, and Wisden called his effort a " grand innings ". The prevailing rule of the time required New South Wales to Follow on	on	ADP	(	PUNCT	 (
In 2010, the SEC received $900,000 for sending a team to the game, while the Big East received $600,000. The Big East's contract with the bowl committee stated that the group would make its selection in coordination with the International Bowl and the St.	St.	PROPN	Petersburg	PROPN	 Petersburg
The second half of the Giro began with a long and challenging individual time trial in Cinque Terre. It was in this time trial that Denis Menchov took the overall lead in the race. This was followed by a flat stage, after which most of the sprinters	sprinters	NOUN	in	ADP	 in
This " extreme case of subsidizing " funded all college expenses for football players, plus " paychecks " to top performers. To alleviate this problem, President Baker proposed to wholly separate athletic funds from general College funds by creating an " Athletic Council " to take control	control	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
He also wished the Duchy of Parma to be restored to the Parmese Bourbons, and not to Empress Marie Louise of France, as was being suggested by the Allies. Louis also protested the Allies ' inaction in Naples, where he wanted the Napoleonic usurper Joachim Murat	Murat	PROPN	removed	VERB	 removed
There was no special effects, no messing around — it was just in there singing it with a lot of passion and soul. " Musically, the song starts with a long introduction featuring a hip hop drum beat with emphasis on the bass section of the instrumental	instrumental	ADJ	alongside	ADP	 alongside
The DVD charted on the UK Music Video chart at number four, for the issue dated December 3, 2011. It was certified gold by the British Phonographic Industry (BPI) for selling more than 25,000 copies. Across Europe, the DVD reached the top of	of	ADP	the	DET	 the
The yards went into a long period of decline, interrupted only by the Second World War's temporary expansion. The war had seen the emergence of a radical movement led by militant trades unionists. John MacLean became a key political figure in what became known as Red	Red	PROPN	Clydeside	PROPN	 Clydeside
Another brace followed shortly after in a 3 – 3 draw against York City, as well as scoring the winner in a 3 – 2 win against Mansfield Town. Morison's goals were vital in ensuring Stevenage's surge up the league table over the Christmas period;	;	PUNCT	notching	NOUN	 notching
The team later chose to design a first person wizard combat game. As the team had developed only competitive multiplayer games before, they wanted to design a game that encouraged and supported co operative gameplay between players; a game that would allow family and friends to play	play	VERB	together	ADV	 together
The only internationally recognized authority for naming celestial bodies is the International Astronomical Union (IAU). A number of private companies sell names of stars, which the British Library calls an unregulated commercial enterprise. The IAU has disassociated itself from this commercial practice, and these	these	DET	names	NOUN	 names
Orchid reached her peak of 145 mph (233 km / h) winds on the 23rd, before vertical shear caused it to weaken. The storm turned southward, where it dissipated on the 27th. A total of 167 fatalities occurred when the Philippine vessel MV Dona	Dona	PROPN	Cassandra	PROPN	 Cassandra
" On first down, Smith caught a 20 yard reception from Lamonica, while a 15 yard penalty was assessed against the Jets when a player grabbed Smith's facemask, moving the ball to the Jets ' 43 yard line. On the ensuing play, Lamonica threw	threw	VERB	another	DET	 another
Most of those who choose to transcend become Reapers, the opponents of players in future Games. Lasting a week, each Game is a contest to judge the worth of humanity. Players set out to accomplish objectives under the rules created by the Composer, who is	is	AUX	a	DET	 a
" Though a commercial success, Rainbow became Carey's lowest selling album to that point in her career. After she received Billboard's Artist of the Decade Award and the World Music Award for Best Selling Female Artist of the Millennium, Carey parted from Columbia and signed	signed	VERB	a	DET	 a
Big Drum was similar to the other D Day naval deceptions, but without an airborne component. Task Force C consisted of four HDMLs, whose job was to operate as a distraction on the western flank of the invasion. The plan originally called for the task force	force	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
The outer rainbands of Manuel began to produce moisture over the region on September 18, and continued until September 21. In the mountains and deserts of California, the storm brought heavy rains across. A laboratory near Palm Springs recorded a peak rainfall total of 2.85 in	in	ADP	(	PUNCT	 (
1044 – 1077) attempted to move the image to Pagan, without success. In 1784, the Burmese under the military leadership of Crown Prince Thado Minsaw of Konbaung dynasty conquered the Kingdom of Mrauk U. The religious relics of the kingdom, including the Mahamuni Buddha image	image	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
He worked as an art dealer as a young man, but became depressed after he was transferred to London. He turned to religion, spending time as a preacher in southern Belgium, and later drifting in ill health and solitude. He was keenly aware of modernist	modernist	ADJ	trends	NOUN	 trends
Krycek aims his gun at Mulder and tells him to get out. Krycek is about to pull the trigger when a bullet administered by Skinner pierces his arm. Krycek tries to pick his gun up again, but Skinner shoots his hand, rendering it useless. Krycek	Krycek	PROPN	pushes	VERB	 pushes
Martin hoped the planned five year break would ease the situation and age the children to almost adults in terms of the Seven Kingdoms, but he later dropped the five year gap (see section Bridging the timeline gap). Although modern fantasy may often embrace strangeness,	,	PUNCT	the	DET	 the
The portion of NY 86 north of Harrietstown was once NY 192. NY 86 begins at NY 30 in Paul Smiths, Franklin County. The route heads east through the town of Brighton, providing mountain views of Adirondack Park. After passing through the tiny communities of	of	ADP	Easy	PROPN	 Easy
Since 2006, the weekend has been Friday Saturday, as a compromise between Friday's holiness to Muslims and the Western weekend of Saturday Sunday. The city's cultural imprint as a small, ethnically homogenous pearling community was changed with the arrival of other ethnic groups and	and	CCONJ	nationals	NOUN	 nationals
Three days later, the team beat Blackburn Rovers 3 – 0 to set a new record. Arsenal at the end of the month travelled to Norwich City, where three first half goals set the team on the way to a 4 – 1 victory. The win	win	NOUN	ended	VERB	 ended
The fourth season of Enterprise was moved to Friday nights on UPN network. The first episode of " Storm Front " was broadcast on October 8, watched by 2.84 million viewers. When the second part was shown the following week, the number of viewers had increased	increased	VERB	to	ADP	 to
A similar operation was undertaken to free the Anro Asia when it ran aground near Caloundra, Queensland, in November the same year. Another unusual task was conducted in December 1981 when a Chinook transported two bulldozers onto a grounded iron ore carrier near Port Hedland, Western	Western	PROPN	Australia	PROPN	 Australia
In its display caption for Triptych – August 1972 the Tate gallery wrote, " What death has not already consumed seeps incontinently out of the figures as their shadows. " Each of the three Black Triptychs displays sequential views of a single figure, and each seems to	to	PART	be	AUX	 be
Berlin had little in the way of fortifications or artillery (or even Volkssturm units), as almost everything had been sent to the front. Goebbels noted in his diary on 21 January that millions of Germans were fleeing westward. He tentatively discussed with Hitler the issue	issue	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
Little is known about Libby's life prior to the island. She states in " The Other 48 Days " that she visited Vermont, where she broke her leg in a skiing accident, and she attended medical school for a year before dropping out to become a	a	DET	clinical	ADJ	 clinical
The members of the Committee of Safety met at Fort Chiswell on June 11, 1776, and drafted a letter to Oconostota and Attacullaculla, chiefs of the Cherokee nation, to meet with them and come to terms for a peace agreement. The letter mentions the colonists	colonists	NOUN	'	PART	 '
The invasion won the support of a great part of the English nobility, including Edmund's brother Thomas, and Henry, Earl of Lancaster, Thomas of Lancaster's brother. Edmund took part in the trials of the two Despensers, and in the council transferring power	power	NOUN	to	ADP	 to
’ So I talked to the director, who had been on season 1, and he goes, ‘ Oh, I don ’ t know, it ’ s just something that goes on the guy ’ s head '. " Smith discovered that the headpiece in	in	ADP	question	NOUN	 question
Spike and Elektra separately head to confront Vincent. Spike arrives first and the two battle to a standstill, then the nanomachines are released and Spike is temporarily weakened by them. As Vincent prepares to kill him, Elektra arrives and shoots Vincent. Having wanted to die	die	VERB	since	SCONJ	 since
Spider Man pursues the Green Goblin and his alternative versions. After he defeats the alternative Goblins, Spider Man fights various versions of Vulture, Electro, Sandman, Doctor Octopus, and Mysterio, as well as the Sinister Soldiers — armored soldiers working for the multiverse Sinister	Sinister	PROPN	Six	PROPN	 Six
The North American record for the highest average yearly snowfall is 1,630 cm (53.5 ft), measured on Mount Rainier, Washington. The world record for snow depth is 1,182 cm (38.78 ft). It was measured on the slope of Mt. Ibuki in Shiga	Shiga	PROPN	Prefecture	PROPN	 Prefecture
Shortly thereafter, the ridge over Australia began to rebuild and prompted Rusty to drift south southeast. Interaction with the Australian mainland incited weakening of the cyclone. As it approached the Pilbara coastline, the eastern eyewall collapsed and its eye became increasingly cloud filled. Bedout Island	Island	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
The other students vow to make the rest of the semester a living hell for him, but realize they graduate in three hours. The Commandant awards Lisa a special medal " For Satisfactory Completion of the Second Grade ". The episode was written by Richard Appel,	,	PUNCT	but	CCONJ	 but
But throughout the Middle Ages the population of the towns probably never exceeded 10 per cent of the total population. Jews also spread across Europe during the period. Communities were established in Germany and England in the 11th and 12th centuries, but Spanish Jews, long settled	settled	VERB	in	ADP	 in
,) but rather by a sense of entitlement which arises from exceptional and deep rooted self confidence. (Russell 1938: 11) The imperious person is successful due to both mental and social factors. For instance, the imperious tend to have an internal confidence in	in	ADP	their	PRON	 their
In an act of brazen public satire, the two brothel owners request that the aristocrat act on the behalf of her " sisters " and repay the madams for the rebuilding of their brothels, funded by the national tax coffers. They address Castlemaine as a prostitute herself	herself	PRON	and	CCONJ	 and
Staying at number two for its fourth consecutive week on the Hot Latin Songs chart, " Fotos y Recuerdos " fell to number three on the Regional Mexican Airplay chart. The song fell to number three on the Hot Latin Songs chart, while it remained at number	number	NOUN	three	NUM	 three
The losses among the ship's crew are unknown, but were supposedly light. The ship was stricken from the Navy List on 30 November and salvage work began on 5 December. The holes in the ship's hull had to be sealed to pump the water out	out	ADP	and	CCONJ	 and
An exception was 1877, when a poor economy and little demand for cents created one of the rarest dates in the series. With the advent of coin operated machines in the late 19th and early 20th centuries, even more cents were produced, reaching 100 million for	for	ADP	the	DET	 the
In recognition of his services to the music industry and popular culture, he was made a Knight Bachelor in 1996. When he was six, Martin's family acquired a piano that sparked his interest in music. At eight years of age, Martin persuaded his parents	parents	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
Following World War II and the Holocaust, large numbers of Hasidic and haredi Jewish refugees immigrated to Williamsburg. The congregation initially had poor relations with these groups, but these later improved with some segments of the Hasidic community. The synagogue celebrated Bunin's Silver Jubilee as	as	SCONJ	rabbi	NOUN	 rabbi
After struggling to affirm a place in the team, he was released by Alfreton on 28 January 2009. He signed for North Ferriby United of the Northern Premier League Premier Division, and made his debut as a 65th minute substitute in a 4 – 0 away defeat	defeat	NOUN	to	ADP	 to
In the developmental transition from God of War III to Ascension, one of the graphics engineers, Cedric Perthuis, noted that the limits of the God of War III engine restricted artist creativity, so they " tried to remove or push those limits as far as possible	possible	ADJ	without	ADP	 without
He described Jack Benny as " very warm and approachable [...] He was a guy who dug the idea of other people on the show getting laughs, which sort of spoiled me for other people in comedy. " Shearer said in an interview that one person	person	NOUN	who	PRON	 who
The port was produced as a result of feedback from fans of the series and was viewed as a means of introducing new players to the series before God of War III was released. The God of War III game demo from E3 2009 was included with early copies	copies	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
The continuing financial reporting problems had cost the company some $500 million in accountants ' fees and related costs since 2006 and was the largest drain on its cash position. The fact that senior management awarded itself bonuses in a time of various rounds of layoffs left employees	employees	NOUN	feeling	VERB	 feeling
A two disc promotional soundtrack was available for Club Nintendo members who registered both the 3DS and Wii U games between November 21, 2014 and January 13, 2015. Super Smash Bros. was developed by HAL Laboratory, a Nintendo first party developer, during 1998. It	It	PRON	began	VERB	 began
The Crimson Tide opened the scoring on their second offensive play when Eddie Lacy had a 73 yard touchdown run for an early 7 – 0 Alabama lead. After each team traded punts, Vinnie Sunseri intercepted a Corbin Berkstresser pass that set up Alabama's second scoring drive	drive	NOUN	from	ADP	 from
However, it was rejected and important persons in Britain gradually learned what their intentions were, and on April 13, 1926, another member, F.G. Rye, sent a letter to Alexander Weddell saying, " Had you not stepped in and bought the materials of the	the	DET	partially	ADV	 partially
Turner was impressed by the translation of " Hikari " into English, and felt Utada's vocals were a good addition to the opening and ending segments of the game. " Passion " debuted at number four on the Oricon Weekly Singles chart in Japan where it stayed	stayed	VERB	on	ADP	 on
Many drug interactions can increase the effect of warfarin, also causing an overdose. For people who need rapid reversal of warfarin and have serious bleeding or who are having emergency surgery, the effects of warfarin can be reversed with vitamin K with prothrombin complex concentrate or fresh	fresh	ADJ	frozen	ADJ	 frozen
In April 1970, Newman released his second album, 12 Songs, a collection featuring spare arrangements with simple instrumental parts underneath Newman's vocals, Ry Cooder providing an economical backdrop of slide guitar. The song " Mama Told Me Not to Come ", written four	four	NUM	years	NOUN	 years
The idea of the Orient Express came from two sources: Fleming had returned from the Istanbul conference in 1955 by the train, but found the experience drab, partly because the restaurant car was closed. He also knew of the story of Eugene Karp and his journey	journey	NOUN	on	ADP	 on
This match saw York draw 0 – 0 at home before a crowd of 28,123, the club's record highest attendance. York lost the replay 2 – 1 at Leeds Road, a match that attracted 58,066 spectators. By the end of that season's FA Cup	Cup	PROPN	run	NOUN	 run
The October Crisis and the 1976 election of the Parti Québécois, supporting sovereign status for Quebec, resulted in the departure of many businesses and people from the city. In 1976, Montreal was the host of the Olympics. During the 1980s and early 1990s, Montreal	Montreal	PROPN	experienced	VERB	 experienced
Towards the end of 1942 he was released from his plaster jacket and fitted with a spinal brace, and in early 1943 he was mobile for the first time since the operation. During his incapacity he read voraciously; among the works he studied were Das Kapital,	,	PUNCT	and	CCONJ	 and
Loosening of removable denture retention: 33 percent Dentures needing to be relined or having a retentive clip fracture: 16 to 19 percent There is archeological evidence that humans have attempted to replace missing teeth with root form implants for thousands of years. Remains from ancient China (	(	PUNCT	dating	VERB	dating
On April 9, 1880 at Stoll Field, Transylvania University (then called Kentucky University) beat Centre College by the score of 13 ¾ – 0 in what is often considered the first recorded game played in the South. The first game of " scientific football "	"	PUNCT	in	ADP	 in
In the last session, Bradman brought up one of his slowest ever centuries, as Yardley focused on stopping runs rather than taking Australian wickets. Bradman reached stumps on 130. Hassett also batted patiently, with one period of 20 minutes during which his score remained on	on	ADP	30	NUM	 30
It was assigned to the New Zealand Mounted Rifles Brigade, part of the New Zealand Expeditionary Force. The regiment was established with twenty six officers, 523 other ranks and 600 horses. It was formed from three squadrons belonging to pre war Territorial Force regiments: the	the	DET	3rd	ADJ	 3rd
Leuchtenberg himself was ambivalent. According to one account, initially Felix declared that Tschaikovsky was his sister Franziska, but the affidavit he signed spoke only of a " strong resemblance ", highlighted physical differences, and said she did not recognize him. Years later, Felix	Felix	PROPN	's	PART	's
" Man's perception of himself and the world around him are also constantly questioned; the correspondent regularly refers to the way things " seemed " or " appeared ", leaving how a thing actually " was " entirely ambiguous. Wolford similarly pointed to the importance of	of	ADP	the	DET	 the
The book's release in 1930 was well received, though it did not achieve the earlier book's sales. A reviewer for The Burlington Magazine in 1931 judged the book a failed experiment, finding the artwork uneven and the narrative hard to follow without even the chapter	chapter	NOUN	titles	NOUN	 titles
A population of Transcaucasian black feral cats was once classified as Felis daemon (Satunin 1904) but now this population is considered to be a part of domestic cat. All the cats in this genus share a common ancestor that probably lived around 6 – 7 million years	years	NOUN	ago	ADV	 ago
Sharp's wife Eliza witnessed the entire scene from the top of the stairs in the house, but Beauchamp fled before he could be identified or captured. Returning to the site where he had buried a change of clothes, he stripped off his disguise, tied it	it	PRON	up	ADP	 up
The power station also has a jetty on the River Ouse, with a loading capacity of 200 tonnes- historically the jetty was built and used for the construction of the power station in the 1960s / 70s - such as the delivery of equipment. In 2015 a planning	planning	NOUN	application	NOUN	 application
Instead of waiting nine ' story ' months for Fauxlivia's baby to pop out, we've already got the kid ready to fit into whatever plot twist the show runners have planned. " Some television critics have praised the parallel universe's characterization, with one noting	noting	VERB	that	SCONJ	 that
The body buried at Gloucester Cathedral was said to be that of the porter of Berkeley Castle, killed by the assassins and presented by them to Isabella as Edward's corpse to avoid punishment. The letter is often linked to an account of Edward III meeting with a	a	DET	man	NOUN	 man
She displaced 4,268 t (4,201 long tons) at full combat load. Her propulsion system consisted of two Parsons steam turbines, designed to give 14,794 shp (11,032 kW) for a top speed of 24 knots (44 km / h; 28 mph).	.	PUNCT	The	DET	 The
The 15th RWF had fallen behind the protective creeping barrage to their front and came under fire from a German position known as Battery Copse. Despite many losses, they pushed forward and were able to secure their portion of Iron Cross Ridge. With Iron Cross Ridge in	in	ADP	British	ADJ	 British
The ride is based on the animated television series The Simpsons. It was first announced in 2007 and replaced the Back to the Future: The Ride at both locations. The ride at Universal Studios Florida soft opened on April 23, 2008, and the official ceremonies	ceremonies	NOUN	took	VERB	 took
Ultimately, up to 3,000 metres (9,800 ft) of sediment was deposited in the basin, and the sea eventually drained through the Iron Gate gorge. The results are large plains in eastern Slavonia's Baranya and Syrmia regions, as well as in river valleys,	,	PUNCT	especially	ADV	 especially
Contributing to the illegal trade, there are a number of tiger farms in the country specialising in breeding the cats for profit. It is estimated that between 5,000 and 10,000 captive bred, semi tame animals live in these farms today. However, many tigers for traditional	traditional	ADJ	medicine	NOUN	 medicine
Approximately 2.2 seconds after the VR callout, the nose gear left the ground. The final report read that " the first officer described the takeoff as normal through the rotation. He stated that no problem was evident with vibration, rate of acceleration, ambient noise,	,	PUNCT	[	X	 [
Alternatively some 20th century scholars have suggested different years, such as 568 or 569. Muhammads ' father, Abdullah, died almost six months before he was born. According to Islamic tradition, soon after birth he was sent to live with a Bedouin family in the	the	DET	desert	NOUN	 desert
In July 2002, Italy signed a contract with the Tornado Management Agency (NETMA) and Panavia for the upgrading of 18 IDSs, the first of which was received in 2003. The upgrade introduced improved navigation systems (integrated GPS and laser INS) and the ability	ability	NOUN	to	PART	 to
These ratings marked an increase from the previous episode, which had attracted 10.6 percent of the population and 17 percent of the available audience. Writing for The A.V. Club, Keith Phipps rated the episode an " A ", finding that the multiple cliffhanger plot threads worked	worked	VERB	well	ADV	 well
No formal event or festival was complete without banquets, which necessitated catering companies. The entertainment quarters of Kaifeng, Hangzhou, and other cities featured amusements including snake charmers, sword swallowers, fortunetellers, acrobats, puppeteers, actors, storytellers, tea houses and restaurants,	,	PUNCT	and	CCONJ	 and
The court sentenced her to one day in custody which she had been deemed to have served having spent a full night in police custody. Leaving court she began to wander the streets of Stoke on Trent, seemingly attempting to reach her sister in hospital, carrying her	her	PRON	possessions	NOUN	 possessions
Ramírez said he was not trying to hit Torrealba, and he was not ejected from the game or disciplined, but some of the Rockies players claimed that Ramírez had thrown at Torrealba intentionally. On July 20, he got his first win since May 21 of the	the	DET	previous	ADJ	 previous
Many specialist shops, traditional pubs and local restaurants can be found in the hidden corners, squares and lanes of Shrewsbury. Many of the street names have also remained unchanged for centuries and there are some more unusual names, such as Butcher Row, Longden Coleham,	,	PUNCT	Dogpole	PROPN	 Dogpole
Logan, Veronica's on again, off again boyfriend, visits Veronica in her cell and they are civil to each other. After being released from jail, Veronica is stopped on the street by Josh, who has Mason (Robert Ri ' chard) in the	the	DET	trunk	NOUN	 trunk
Creating abilities for Arthur posed their own challenges, as there were not a lot of opportunities to put the character in the water when he was in the Mid West. Using the technology they had when Arthur first came to Smallville, as well as the effects used	used	VERB	in	ADP	 in
On lap 8, Reutimann took back the lead from Jeff Gordon. One lap later, Jeff Gordon dropped a further position when he was passed by Kenseth. By lap 20, Reuitmann had a lead of about 1.6 seconds over Kenseth. Kurt Busch, who began	began	VERB	the	DET	 the
Vocational training is important to teach job interview etiquette and workplace behavior to older children and adults with AS, and organization software and personal data assistants can improve the work and life management of people with AS. No medications directly treat the core symptoms of AS. Although	Although	SCONJ	research	NOUN	 research
Cunningham married Ethel Minnie Dance of Waihi on 23 September 1907. Cunningham first played representative rugby union for Auckland province in 1899. He was selected from his club Waihi West (a club in Waihi on the Coromandel Peninsula), which was affiliated to the Goldfield subunion	subunion	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
Ruler 10 is associated with a monument dating to 904 in the Terminal Classic and a monument dating to 909 bears the last known Long Count date although the name of the king has not survived. Ceramic fragments indicate that occupation at the site continued for another century or	or	CCONJ	more	ADJ	 more
The release also coincided with public condemnation of Lennon's treatment of Cynthia, and of his and Ono's joint projects, particularly Two Virgins. The British authorities similarly displayed a less tolerant attitude towards the Beatles, when London Drug Squad officers arrested Lennon and Ono in	in	ADP	October	PROPN	 October
They used 100 new barrels and all of the water — including the men's drinking water and the contents of the latrine buckets — to keep the guns cool. In that 12 hour period, the 10 guns fired just short of one million rounds between them.	.	PUNCT	One	NUM	 One
The western subspecies has longer wings, a longer beak, shorter toes, and is more muted and lighter in color. The Panama mourning dove has shorter wings and legs, a longer beak, and is grayer in color. The Clarion Island subspecies possesses larger feet	feet	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
Dewar performed so well in Britannia, that upon graduation, he was appointed Midshipman straight away, which normally required a year's service at sea and passing an examination. He joined the protected cruiser Hawke on 20 August 1895. The following year he was appointed to	to	ADP	the	DET	 the
The HV sometimes deployed to Bosnia and Herzegovina to support the HVO. In April 1992, the JNA began offensive operations against the HV and the HVO in areas of western and southern Herzegovina near Kupres and Stolac. The 4th Military District of the JNA, commanded by	by	ADP	Strugar	PROPN	 Strugar
Greater Manchester's 85 miles (137 km) of motorway network saw 5.8 billion vehicle kilometres in 2002 – about 6% of the UK's total, or 89,000 vehicles a day. The A580 " East Lancs " road is a primary A road that connects Manchester	Manchester	PROPN	and	CCONJ	 and
He took his name from the 1978 arcade game Space Invaders, and much of his work is composed of square ceramic tiles inspired by video game characters. Although he prefers to remain incognito, and guards his identity carefully, his distinctive creations can be seen in many	many	ADJ	highly	ADV	 highly
Populations of alligator gar have been extirpated from much of their historic range as a result of habitat destruction, indiscriminate culling, and unrestricted harvests. Populations are now located primarily in the southern portions of the United States extending into Mexico. They are considered euryhaline because they	they	PRON	can	AUX	 can
The bireme Italian style galleys remained the mainstay of Mediterranean fleets until the late 13th century, although again, contemporary descriptions provide little detail on their construction. From that point on, the galleys universally became trireme ships, i.e. with three men on a single bank located	located	VERB	above	ADP	 above
He also won the $300 438 player No Limit Hold 'em Bounty $100,000 Guarantee at the 2009 L.A. Poker Open, winning $22,228. His biggest win in terms of both field size and prize money was the $200 1,082 player No Limit Hold 'em $	$	SYM	150,000	NUM	150,000
However, under Grainge v Wilberforce, such a sub trust will only be held to be valid if there is some difference between the trust and sub trust, and if the trustee beneficiary has some duties to perform. For a will to be valid (and therefore	therefore	ADV	,	PUNCT	,
This corps, which became known as the Pulaski Cavalry Legion, was recruited mainly in Baltimore, where it was headquartered. Henry Wadsworth Longfellow would later commemorate in verse the consecration of the Legion's banner. By August 1778, it numbered about 330 men, both	both	DET	Americans	PROPN	 Americans
It first aired on the Fox network in the United States on February 22, 1998. It was written by Donick Cary and directed by Mike B. Anderson. Comedian Jay Leno makes a guest appearance. In the episode, Bart convinces Krusty the Clown to appear at	at	ADP	a	DET	 a
Several other prominent politicians, including former presidents Bill Clinton, George H. W. Bush, and George W. Bush, along with Vice President Joe Biden and then Alaska governor Sarah Palin recorded messages for the troops that were aired in the following episodes. White House Correspondents '	'	PART	Association	PROPN	 Association
Opeth supported Heritage with a tour that would last for over 200 tour dates. The tour was the band's first with new keyboardist, Joakim Svalberg, who played on the opening track of the album. During the tour, Opeth played with bands such as Katatonia	Katatonia	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
In Vatomandry, Manou severely damaged the main hospital, several schools, and the prison. The storm disrupted power and water networks. Strong winds blowing salt spray destroyed the coffee and cloves crops, and rice crops were also damaged, after 80% of rice fields	fields	NOUN	were	AUX	 were
All welding of tantalum must be done in an inert atmosphere of argon or helium in order to shield it from contamination with atmospheric gases. Tantalum is not solderable. Grinding tantalum is difficult, especially so for annealed tantalum. In the annealed condition, tantalum is extremely	extremely	ADV	ductile	ADJ	 ductile
The tenth named storm of the 2008 Pacific hurricane season, it developed from a tropical wave on August 23 off the coast of Mexico. It moved parallel to the coast, reaching peak winds of 50 mph (85 km / h) before moving ashore and weakening	weakening	VERB	.	PUNCT	.
On June 15, 2015, it was announced that The Weinstein Company was moving ahead with another Halloween sequel, tentatively titled Halloween Returns with Dunstan directing. The film will be a standalone film set to reintroduce audiences to Michael Myers years after his initial rampage. It	It	PRON	will	AUX	 will
In turn, McCay turned to his former schoolmate, John Monash, whom he had appointed to the command of the Victorian section of the new Australian Army Intelligence Corps (AIC), with a promotion to the rank of lieutenant colonel on 28 March 1908. The	The	DET	AIC	PROPN	 AIC
According to New York City Transit officials, trees also fell on tracks, which slowed transportation services during rush hour. Two other fatalities when two people canoed in the Highland Falls Reservoir; high winds tipped their canoe and both people subsequently drowned. Wind gusts up to	to	PART	40	NUM	 40
Oxford finished with a time of 18 minutes, 4 seconds, Cambridge finished 8 seconds behind. It was Oxford's first victory in seven years and brought the overall result to 76 – 69 in Cambridge's favour. The victory gave the Oxford number four, Matthew	Matthew	PROPN	Smith	PROPN	 Smith
" The recitative " Mein Jesu, ziehe mich, so werd ich laufen " (" My Jesus, draw me, then I will run ") is not a simple secco recitative, but is accompanied by the strings and leans towards an arioso, especially near	near	ADP	the	DET	 the
The first section behind the prostomium, called the peristomium (Greek περι- meaning " around " and στομα meaning " mouth "), is regarded by some zoologists as not a true segment, but in some polychaetes the peristomium has chetae and appendages like those of other	other	ADJ	segments	NOUN	 segments
At the western end of the Great Colonnade at Palmyra, a shrine designated the " Funerary Temple no. 86 " (also known as the House Tomb) is located. Inside its chamber, steps lead down to a vault crypt which is now lost. This	This	DET	mausoleum	NOUN	 mausoleum
The Poetic Edda, compiled in the 13th century from earlier traditional sources, features various poems that mention Hel. In the Poetic Edda poem Völuspá, Hel's realm is referred to as the " Halls of Hel. " In stanza 31 of Grímnismál, Hel is	is	AUX	listed	VERB	 listed
Soon after, his brother, Liam Pace (Neil Hopkins), tells Charlie that Drive Shaft has gotten a recording contract. Charlie doesn't want to sign the contract because he has qualms about the sex and drugs the band engages in. Liam talks him into	into	ADP	signing	NOUN	 signing
The basic equipment or kit players are required to wear includes a shirt, shorts, socks, footwear and adequate shin guards. An athletic supporter and protective cup is highly recommended for male players by medical experts and professionals. Headgear is not a required piece of basic	basic	ADJ	equipment	NOUN	 equipment
They assumed most players would not have played the original Syndicate games. The team also considered that because of the change in audience tastes and the introduction of new video game platforms, altering the game's perspective to first person was a correct decision. Turning it into	into	ADP	a	DET	 a
So we're transferring not just the camera motion but also the performance of the actors on set onto 3D pieces of geometry so we can deform them and warp them and have our effects interact with them because the mandate is all about making it look as natural as	as	ADP	possible	ADJ	 possible
Delayed relaxation after testing the ankle jerk reflex is a characteristic sign of hypothyroidism and is associated with the severity of the hormone deficit. Myxedema coma is a rare but life threatening state of extreme hypothyroidism. It may occur in those who are known to have hypothyroidism when	when	SCONJ	they	PRON	 they
He assembled a collection of video footage of the figure he was preparing to impersonate and watched this continually until he " completely embodied the person ". Ryan concluded that " what made [Hartman's impressions] so funny and spot on was Phil's ability to add	add	VERB	that	DET	 that
Even when fired properly, the Projector gave off a large cloud of smoke which could take up to a minute to clear and revealed the weapon's position. Bishop argues that its anti tank abilities would have been ' doubtful ' when it fired hand and rifle grenades	grenades	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
Many sites there were completely laid waste and not rebuilt during this period — something a Pharaoh bent on conquest and tribute would not be likely to do. Ahmose I's campaigns in Nubia are better documented. Soon after the first Nubian campaign, a Nubian named Aata	Aata	PROPN	rebelled	VERB	 rebelled
On 17 May, Bobetko ordered a major attack of the two full guards brigades. The 1st Guards Brigade was tasked with advancing to link up with the Ston Company guarding access to the Pelješac Peninsula and advance to Slano. The 4th Guards Brigade was ordered to secure	secure	VERB	the	DET	 the
By the CBA's expiration in March 2011, the NFLPA and the NFL had not yet come to terms on a new agreement. The owners were expected to lock out the players upon termination of the agreement. However, the NFLPA filed papers to decertify as a	a	DET	union	NOUN	 union
– William H. Seward On September 28, 1842, after exhausting his final appeal, Colt was sentenced to death by hanging and remanded to New York City's infamous prison, the Tombs. His sentence was to be carried out on November 14, 1842. Colt	Colt	PROPN	asked	VERB	 asked
Garfunkel also briefly pursued an acting career, with leading roles in two Mike Nichols films, Catch 22 and Carnal Knowledge, and in Nicolas Roeg's 1980 Bad Timing, as well as releasing some solo hits such as " All I Know ". Simon & Garfunkel	Garfunkel	PROPN	were	AUX	 were
However, amid its parent's poor financial situation following the Malaysia Airlines Flight 370 incident, MAE was unable to fund the MRO, which had been accruing losses. GMR bought out MAE's stake in December 2014. The other MRO is operated by Air India Engineering	Engineering	PROPN	Services	PROPN	 Services
The color is yellow brown or tan often with a darker center, then pale yellow or buff from the margin inwards. The cap margin is prominently grooved almost all the way to the center; the grooves mark the positions of the longer gills on the underside of	of	ADP	the	DET	 the
That same evening, two further insurrectionary attempts failed in the Sơn Dương sector. A raid on the Garde indigène post in Hưng Hóa was repelled by the Vietnamese guards, who appeared to have been tipped off. In the nearby town of Kinh Khe, VNQDD members	members	NOUN	killed	VERB	 killed
She later discovered the truth when featured in an episode of the UK genealogy series Who Do You Think You Are?, in which she found out it was a different Louis Volant who won the Legion of Honour. When she heard his story of bravery and discovered	discovered	VERB	the	DET	 the
" Since first announcing his plans for a television series, progress slowed, reportedly due to the 2007 – 2008 Writer's Guild strike, but it nevertheless continued. As of 2010 the resultant miniseries, also named Year Zero, was in development with HBO and BBC	BBC	PROPN	Worldwide	PROPN	 Worldwide
These slopes are generally found on mountainous ridges. However, there are some similarly steep slopes in the middle of the county. All four boroughs in the county have slopes with a grade of 25% or more near them. Slopes of 15% to 25%	%	NOUN	can	AUX	 can
Bruce made wide ranging reforms and mounted a comprehensive nation building program in government, but his controversial handling of industrial relations led to his dramatic defeat at the polls in 1929. He later pursued a long and influential diplomatic career as High Commissioner to the United Kingdom,	,	PUNCT	at	ADP	 at
It was discovered in 1981 by Steven M. Weinreb and Steven Nahm as a method to synthesize ketones. The original reaction involved two subsequent nucleophilic acyl substitutions: the conversion of an acid chloride into an N, O dimethylhydroxyamide, known as a Weinreb – Nahm amide,	,	PUNCT	and	CCONJ	 and
Rooms were often organized into suites, with front rooms larger than rear, interior, and storage rooms or areas. Ceremonial structures known as kivas were built in proportion to the number of rooms in a pueblo. One small kiva was built for roughly every 29 rooms	rooms	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
Rotation of the sphere and reprojection results in a continuous mapping of the elliptical orbits without changing the energy; quantum mechanically, this corresponds to a mixing of all orbitals of the same energy quantum number n. Valentine Bargmann noted subsequently that the Poisson brackets for the angular momentum	momentum	NOUN	vector	NOUN	 vector
Dan Compora of SyFy Portal enjoyed seeing dead characters in flashbacks and commended Perrineau's performance and character's story, while criticizing the underutilization of the rest of the main cast. In an overall positive review for the episode, The Huffington Post's Jay Glatfelter had mixed	mixed	ADJ	feelings	NOUN	 feelings
In January 2014, Newell revealed that the average Steam Workshop contributor for Dota 2 and Team Fortess 2 made approximately $15,000 from their creations the previous year. In 2015, sales of Dota 2 cosmetics had earned Valve over $238 million in revenue, according to	to	ADP	the	DET	 the
He was an autodidact with an interest in music and literature. Determined that his sons would not work in the mines, he saw formal education as the route to their advancement. Henry was the seventh of eight children in a family that often struggled with poverty.	.	PUNCT	He	PRON	 He
It stayed on the chart for 13 weeks, until peaking at number 67 on the chart. The song debuted and peaked on the Billboard Pop Songs chart at number 25. On the Billboard Hot Dance Club Songs chart, the song debuted at 43. It has	has	AUX	since	ADV	 since
The song was also treated with different remixes done by producers such as Rodney Jerkins. In an interview with MTV News, Jerkins expressed that he was flattered to be working with Cher. He further added, " It's incredible to be able to work with a	a	DET	true	ADJ	 true
A promotional video for the remix was also shot. Rob Walker of Slate considered the video " interesting because Madonna has always been praised as much for her ability to market herself as for her actual talent as a singer and performer ". However, he noted that	that	SCONJ	"	PUNCT	 "
On the morning of June 28, Lee launched the attack, beginning the Battle of Monmouth. During the battle, Scott observed American artillerymen retreating. Not realizing that the men had only run out of ammunition, Scott believed the retreat was a sign of the collapse	collapse	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
Oh said of her character: " I've always tried to play Cristina with a tremendous amount of focus and ambition — which is the reality for a female surgeon. I mean, in real life there aren't many of them. But the ones you encounter	encounter	VERB	are	AUX	 are
The 1996 Summer Olympics took place in Atlanta early in Clough's tenure. In 1998, he split the Ivan Allen College of Management, Policy, and International Affairs, creating the Ivan Allen College of Liberal Arts and returning the College of Management to " College "	"	PUNCT	status	NOUN	 status
For the show's twenty ninth season, Thornton was chosen to be the new announcer for Wheel, and he has been with the show ever since. Wheel of Fortune typically employs a total of 100 in house production personnel, with 60 to 100 local staff joining	joining	VERB	them	PRON	 them
In winning the 100 meter backstroke, Peirsol became the first person to swim the event in under 52 seconds and it was the sixth time he set the world record in the event. In the 200 meter backstroke, Peirsol defeated Ryan Lochte and reclaimed the 200 meter	meter	NOUN	backstroke	NOUN	 backstroke
Whales are creatures of the open ocean; they feed, mate, give birth, suckle and raise their young at sea. So extreme is their adaptation to life underwater that they are unable to survive on land. Whales range in size from the 2.6 metres (	(	PUNCT	8.5	NUM	8.5
According to Mojo, the release was " hailed as a revolution in the way major bands sell their music ", and the media's reaction was " almost overwhelmingly positive "; Time called it " easily the most important release in the recent history of the music	music	NOUN	business	NOUN	 business
A total of 15,045 all electric cars and vans were registered in 2014, up 7.8% from 2013. A total of 10,560 pure electric passenger cars registered in 2014, up 20.3% from the previous year. This figure rises to 10,968 units if the BMW i3	i3	NOUN	with	ADP	 with
John of Fordun indicates that Rùm was " with excellent sport, but few inhabitants " and " a wooded and hilly island " in 1380. Two hundred years later Skene noted that Romb is ane Ile of small profit, except that it conteins mony deir, and	and	CCONJ	for	ADP	 for
The opposition objected to the expense, and Canada East representatives feared that French Canadians would have to fight in a British instigated war. At the time, Macdonald was drinking heavily, and he failed to provide much leadership on behalf of the bill. The government fell	fell	VERB	over	ADP	 over
Subsequently the 29th Battalion was amalgamated with the 22nd in 1930, forming the 29th / 22nd Battalion, although they were later split again in August 1939 and the 29th re raised in its own right. Following the outbreak of the Second World War, the Australian government	government	NOUN	decided	VERB	 decided
The two live together for three years before Desmond finds out that Inman is secretly planning on escaping the island using Desmond's boat. Desmond violently confronts Inman about this, accidentally killing him in the process. After almost letting the countdown timer run down, Desmond starts	starts	VERB	drinking	VERB	 drinking
Some characters have an easier time recovering onto the stage than others due to their moves and abilities. Additionally, some characters vary in weight, with lighter characters being easier to launch than heavy characters. Smash Bros. ' controls are greatly simplified in comparison to other fighting	fighting	NOUN	games	NOUN	 games
The improved road would be part of a state highway extending from the village of Whitehall to the Vermont state line at Fair Haven, Vermont. The contract for the project was awarded on April 5, 1921, and the highway was completed by 1926. When the	the	DET	Whitehall	PROPN	 Whitehall
At the time, there were a total of twenty counties located in the region, compared to twenty three presently. The convention originally met to write a new state constitution, but members quickly tried to shift the focus to other issues. During the convention, the	the	DET	Committee	PROPN	 Committee
Toy cars and vans were used in long shot, while scale vehicles were equipped with basic steering and suspension for added realism. Miniature fans and Jetex pellets, which are capable of issuing air jets or chemical exhaust, were attached to the undersides to simulate dust trails	trails	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
At 14: 30 PAVN troops hidden at the bottom of the hill launched a massed assault from the rear. Unknown to the Americans, they had walked into a carefully prepared ambush by the 2nd Battalion of the 174th PAVN Regiment. Soon, U.S. air strikes and	and	CCONJ	artillery	NOUN	 artillery
These comparisons could be taken to imply that submarine commanders did have more difficulty in deciding where a ship was heading and where to aim. However, the ships painted in dazzle were larger than the uncamouflaged ships, 38% of them being over 5000 tons compared to	to	ADP	only	ADV	 only
The Chancery started as the personal staff of the Lord Chancellor, described as " a great secretarial bureau, a home office, a foreign office, and a ministry of justice ". The earliest reference to legal issues being sent to him is from 1280, when	when	SCONJ	Edward	PROPN	 Edward
Alan Poole from the Coventry Evening Telegraph wrote that the Sugababes " underline their versatility " on the track. A writer from South Wales Echo felt that " Shape " was equally good as " Freak like Me " and " Round Round ", the group's number	number	NOUN	one	NUM	 one
" He was arrested and jailed on a horse theft charge on April 6, 1871. However he was not convicted of the last charge and was released. In the same interview, Earp claimed that George Hoyt had intended to kill him, although newspaper accounts from	from	ADP	that	DET	 that
Bob fakes his own death and locks Bart in the coffin, which he attempts to cremate at the otherwise empty funeral home as all the Terwilligers laugh maniacally. They are foiled by Lisa and the rest of the Simpson family and sent to prison. Bob briefly returns	returns	VERB	in	ADP	 in
Throughout the 1990s, Daisy Jugadai was a regular exhibitor at the Araluen Art Centre in Alice Springs, and well as other major exhibitions such as the Australian Heritage Art Awards in Canberra in 1994. Recognition came in 1993, in two forms: an award of a	a	DET	Northern	PROPN	 Northern
After posting seven shutouts in his previous eleven starts, he was only able to tally six more in his remaining 319 career starts. Hershiser was selected to the 1989 MLB All Star Game and also contributed to two Cleveland Indians World Series runs (1995 and 1997)	)	PUNCT	,	PUNCT	,
Social life revolves around the agricultural year, with preparation of fields beginning in October, the harvest of rice in May, and the winter months from June to September set aside for ancestor worship and other major rituals and customs. There are clear gender divisions among the	the	DET	Betsimisaraka	PROPN	 Betsimisaraka
The HOS are issued, among other industry related regulations, by the FMCSA. In this instance, federal regulations apply only to interstate commerce. Commerce which does not involve the crossing of state lines is considered intrastate, and is under the jurisdiction of the respective state	state	NOUN	's	PART	's
A notable feature is the triple height entrance hall; it is the core of the building, surrounded by the main rooms of the palace, and it is remarkable for its double dome, parabolic within and conical on the outside, a solution typical of Byzantine art	art	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
The first case of hyperinsulinism due to a tumor of this type was reported in 1927. Recognition of a non insulin secreting type of PanNET is generally ascribed to the American surgeons, R. M. Zollinger and E. H. Ellison, who gave their names to Zollinger – Ellison	Ellison	PROPN	syndrome	NOUN	 syndrome
A chance observation " thoroughly aroused " Darwin's attention to a surprising decrease in vigour of the offspring of Linaria vulgaris following only one instance of self fertilisation, and after eleven years of experimental work he published The Effects of Cross and Self Fertilisation in the Vegetable Kingdom	Kingdom	PROPN	in	ADP	 in
Total viewership for its season five premiere was 17.3 million, the most watched series episode in cable history. The Walking Dead was nominated for Best New Series by the Writers Guild of America Awards 2011 and Best Television Series Drama by the 68th Golden Globe Awards. The	The	DET	show	NOUN	 show
Soon after the discovery, separate teams, one led by David Charbonneau including Timothy Brown and others, and the other by Gregory W. Henry, were able to detect a transit of the planet across the surface of the star making it the first known transiting extrasolar planet	planet	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
The sixth tropical storm of the season, Elena developed from a tropical wave to the south of Louisiana on August 29. It tracked generally west northwest, strengthening little before making landfall on Matagorda Island on September 1 as a minimal tropical storm; the storm quickly dissipated	dissipated	VERB	over	ADP	 over
Finally, in 895 Caliph al Mu'tadid launched a determined attack to recover the Jazira. Hamdan fled before the Caliph's advance and was captured after a long pursuit and thrown in prison. Husayn, however, who had been entrusted with the fortress of Ardumusht on the	the	DET	left	ADJ	 left
There are four boroughs and thirteen townships in Juniata County. The county is served by two school districts: the Juniata County School District and the Greenwood School District. There are five areas in Juniata County that are protected by the Central Pennsylvania Conservancy and 59 natural heritage	heritage	NOUN	sites	NOUN	 sites
However, the British Government's review and simplification of their awards system provided an ideal opportunity for New Zealand to also develop a unique and simplified system. The Victoria Cross for New Zealand is identical to the original design. The decoration is a cross pattée, 41	41	NUM	millimetres	NOUN	 millimetres
The band arrived by armoured car. After the 1965 tour's final concert, which took place at Cow Palace, San Francisco, the Beatles accepted an invitation to visit Elvis Presley before returning to the UK. Following the UK and U.S. releases of their new album	album	NOUN	Revolver	PROPN	 Revolver
Maurolico also designed an ornate fountain, built by the sculptor Giovanni Angelo Montorsoli in 1547, in which Orion is a central figure, symbolizing the Emperor Charles V, also a master of the sea and restorer of Messina; Orion is still a popular symbol of the	the	DET	city	NOUN	 city
West is telling us, over the course of 11 songs, that he ’ s willing to die for our amusement, our respect. " The song ends with a very long sample of Gil Scott Heron's " Comment No. 1 ", a speech which	which	PRON	served	VERB	 served
On July 19, 2009, Cosme was booked to defeat Dennis Rivera in the promotion's tenth anniversary event. Following the culmination of his contract with the International Wrestling Association, Cosme signed a contract with Asistencia Asesoría y Administración (AAA). He debuted on March	March	PROPN	12	NUM	 12
Both are buried in the churchyard. St Mary's Church is the parish church for the village of Llanfair yng Nghornwy in the north west of Anglesey, north Wales. It is set in a churchyard at the side of a minor road, in the south east	east	PROPN	of	ADP	 of
While local Land League leaders said that there would be no trouble from them if the aim was simply to harvest the crops, more extreme sections of the local population did threaten violence against the expedition and the troops. The expedition experienced hostile protests on their route through	through	ADP	County	PROPN	 County
" The Possum " outperformed a repeat of Grey's Anatomy on ABC, which drew 4.5 million viewers, and The Vampire Diaries on The CW, which drew 1.37 million viewers. The episode received generally positive reviews. Alan Sepinwall, television columnist with The Star Ledger	Ledger	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
As a result, two or more Aarons now inhabit the same timeline, sharing information of future events, in stark contrast to Abe, who goes to painstaking extremes to keep his Original Abe " pure " and unaware of the future. The film's final scene	scene	NOUN	depicts	VERB	 depicts
While playing for the Harrisburg Senators the next season, he was suspended seven games for starting a fight after he had been hit by a pitch. He also played for the silver medal winning United States in the 1999 Pan American Games. Finishing 76 – 66,	,	PUNCT	the	DET	 the
He then captained the Under 19 team in 1991, before making his first appearance for Canterbury in 1992. Although his one game for Canterbury in 1992 was as a replacement, he played seven games the following season. As hooker, he played mainly as backup to	to	ADP	Matt	PROPN	 Matt
The 1982 Logger arcade game from Century Electronics is a direct clone of Donkey Kong, with a large bird standing in for the ape and rolling logs instead of barrels. In 1981, O. R. Rissman, president of Tiger Electronics, obtained a license to use the	the	DET	name	NOUN	 name
The JTWC's peak intensity for Emma was 65 km / h (40 mph) one minute sustained, or 55 km / h (35 mph) 10 minute sustained. Ahead of the storm, oil and mining operations in threatened regions were temporarily shut down.	.	PUNCT	Already	ADV	 Already
At this time, the Peak lordship was worth around £300 a year. At the outbreak of the Second Barons ' War in 1264, Peveril Castle was occupied by Robert de Ferrers, 6th Earl of Derby. Simon de Montfort pressured King Henry III into giving	giving	VERB	him	PRON	 him
Marshal's sons inherited the castle after their father's death; Marshal left the castle to his eldest son, William, who in turn gave it to his younger brother, Walter. After William's death, however, Marshal's second son, Richard, took	took	VERB	over	ADP	 over
In Poland, the cochineal trade was mostly monopolized by Jewish merchants, who bought the dye from peasants in Red Ruthenia and other regions of Poland and Lithuania. The merchants shipped the dye to major Polish cities such as Kraków, Gdańsk (Danzig), and Poznań	Poznań	PROPN	.	PUNCT	.
These actions became known as Peaceful Penetrations and were essentially a cross between trench raids and patrolling. Their success relied heavily upon the leadership and initiative of junior commanders and the ability of soldiers to employ principles of fire and manouevre. This lull did not last long,	,	PUNCT	however	ADV	 however
The town council first met on 1 December 1894 when it took over from the Parochial Committee, and since 1995 the town has had a mayor elected by the councillors. It is part of Mid Devon District Council and there are three Cullompton wards in the district council	council	PROPN	North	PROPN	 North
The bill received assent on 26 July 1910 as the London Electric Railway Amalgamation Act, 1910. In November 1910, the LER published notice of a bill to revive the unused 1902 permission to continue the line from Charing Cross to Embankment. The extension was planned as	as	ADP	a	DET	 a
Miller retained his place for the match against New South Wales, but was out for 14 in both innings. He had difficulties against leg spin, falling to Bill O'Reilly and Cec Pepper. In the return match against South Australia, Miller decided to take the initiative	initiative	NOUN	against	ADP	 against
Follino's enthusiasm was echoed in other reports made by dignitaries to their own courts. The ambassador for the House of Este, who referred to the work as " a comedy in music ", mentioned in particular Andreini's performance which, in her lament, "	"	PUNCT	made	VERB	 made
At the other end of the scale the fire at Windsor Castle in 1992 opened up a national debate about how the burnt out castle wing should be replaced, the degree to which modern designs should be introduced and who should pay the £37 million costs (£	£	SYM	50.2	NUM	50.2
Walker calls Momma's way a " strategy of subtle resistance " and McPherson calls it " the dignified course of silent endurance ". Angelou portrays Momma as a realist whose patience, courage, and silence ensured the survival and success of those who came after her.	.	PUNCT	For	ADP	 For
Moving slowly across the profile of the ocean like horizon, uttering a shrill, barking neigh, of which its name forms a correct imitation, long files of quaggas continually remind the early traveller of a rival caravan on its march. Bands of many hundreds are thus	thus	ADV	frequently	ADV	 frequently
By 22: 00 on 7 July, the bombers had departed, leaving 80 percent of the north of Caen destroyed. Caen University was particularly hard hit, starting chemical fires that soon spread. At 22: 50, six squadrons of de Havilland Mosquito bombers attacked	attacked	VERB	individual	ADJ	 individual
Further storylines include Dr. Preston Burke (Isaiah Washington) recovering from his gunshot wound and Denny Duquette's (Jeffrey Dean Morgan) death following his seemingly successful heart transplant surgery. The episode marked Sara Ramirez's (Dr. Callie Torres) final appearance with recurring billing,	,	PUNCT	as	SCONJ	 as
" The prominent literary academic Harold Bloom has called it Joyce's masterpiece, and wrote that " [if] aesthetic merit were ever again to center the canon [Finnegans Wake] would be as close as our chaos could come to the heights of Shakespeare and Dante	Dante	PROPN	.	PUNCT	.
When large amounts of prey are available, whales such as certain mysticetes hunt cooperatively in small groups. Some cetaceans may forage with other kinds of animals, such as other species of whales or certain species of pinnipeds. Large whales, such as mysticetes, are not	not	PART	usually	ADV	 usually
In The Psychology of the Religious Life he laid out his definition of religion as an appreciative feeling toward an unseen entity marked the best or the greatest. Stratton suggested music had healing powers. In an address on the " Nature and training of the emotions " delivered	delivered	VERB	to	ADP	 to
Original settlers were squatters. The granting of a 100 acre (40 ha) lease to Richard Armstrong in 1878 drew complaints and a few short term leases (Permissive Occupancies) were granted. In 1913, with the appointment of a Board of Control, permissive occupancies	occupancies	NOUN	were	AUX	 were
When Blamey relinquished command of New Guinea Force on 30 January 1943, he handed over temporary command to Mackay to enable Herring to go on leave. The period was a quiet one, with no major operations being carried out, and Mackay handed back to Herring and	and	CCONJ	returned	VERB	 returned
German preparations along the Atlantic Wall were only partially finished; shortly before D Day Rommel reported that construction was only 18 per cent complete in some areas as resources were diverted elsewhere. The deceptions undertaken in Operation Fortitude were successful, leaving the Germans obligated to defend a	a	DET	huge	ADJ	 huge
Since airing, the episode has received positive reviews from fans and television critics. The authors of the book I Can't Believe It's a Bigger and Better Updated Unofficial Simpsons Guide, Warren Martyn and Adrian Wood, wrote: " This episode will strike a chord	chord	NOUN	with	ADP	 with
" Bryan had made no arrangements for formal nominating speeches given the short timeframe, and was surprised when word was brought to him at the Clifton House that he had been nominated by Henry Lewis of Georgia: the candidate had expected the Kansas delegation to name him.	.	PUNCT	As	SCONJ	 As
He was a consensus All American in 1938, the first player from the Gogebic Range area of Michigan ’ s Upper Peninsula to win the honor. His exploits were widely reported in the Upper Peninsula press, where he became a local hero. He played professional football	football	NOUN	for	ADP	 for
Reviewers gave Riley's rendition a very positive reception, the best of those given to the ten songs that were heard in the episode, though the performances in general were well received. It was one of two songs from the episode to chart on the Billboard Hot	Hot	PROPN	100	NUM	 100
In small populations, fixation can occur in just a few generations. The mechanisms of genetic drift can be illustrated with a simplified example. Consider a very large colony of bacteria isolated in a drop of solution. The bacteria are genetically identical except for a single gene	gene	NOUN	with	ADP	 with
Due to their prolific breeding in captivity, there is a very low demand for Convict fry, and one may easily find their aquarium overstocked with an inbreeding population of Convicts without any avenues for adoption. Ideal tank mates for convict cichlids consists of robust similar sized fish	fish	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
Additionally, he claimed it was more evident with each passing scene of the video, as each of the lonely people in the video gaze up into the skies, possibly praying or searching for an answer to their loneliness. A video was commissioned for the C +	+	PROPN	C	NOUN	 C
Jackson would appear at the side of the stage in a cherry picker, starting off " Beat It ". Jackson had planned to perform " Thriller " during his 50 show concert series, which would have been his fourth concert tour, entitled This Is It from	from	ADP	2009	NUM	 2009
This is not the real wedding. ' But I think it ’ s just one of those moments that every woman kind of fantasizes and relives. Beyoncé said that the wedding dress she wears in the video was a Baracci one, which she saw in a shop	shop	NOUN	window	NOUN	 window
Gregarious in nature, the pink whipray has been known to form large active and resting aggregations, and associate with other large ray species. It preys mainly on prawns, but also consumes other benthic invertebrates and bony fishes. This species is aplacental viviparous, in which	which	PRON	the	DET	 the
The only officer in the party, he found it hard to form close relationships with his companions. His position became increasingly isolated, and subject to the frequent vocal criticisms of Joyce in particular. On 1 September 1915, nine men in teams of three began the	the	DET	task	NOUN	 task
The first electric locomotive entered service on 2 January 1896, the electrified network going live fifteen days ahead of schedule; the last horse drawn tram saw service on 19 July on the Sotteville line. After teething troubles, the new mode of transport had considerable success:	:	PUNCT	in	ADP	 in
After debating on what to do now, they discover a third, new door in the Abyss of Time, which the group uses (without the Final Key) to travel to the moment the Protagonist sealed Nyx from the world. Metis explains that the purpose of	of	ADP	the	DET	 the
And EPCOT will always be a showcase to the world for the ingenuity and imagination of American free enterprise. During 1966, Disney cultivated businesses willing to sponsor EPCOT. He increased his involvement in the studio's films, and was heavily involved in the story development of	of	ADP	The	DET	 The
Or pick up some Curious perfume. Or you know, possibly both ". The music video won the category of Best Moves at the MTV Australia Awards 2009. It was also nominated for four VMAs at the 2009 awards in the categories of Best Art Direction,	,	PUNCT	Best	PROPN	 Best
The dingo was introduced by Austronesian people who traded with Indigenous Australians around 3000 BCE. Many animal and plant species became extinct soon after first human settlement, including the Australian megafauna; others have disappeared since European settlement, among them the thylacine. Many of Australia's	's	PART	ecoregions	NOUN	 ecoregions
In the 1990s and 2000s, the tradition of bringing new immigrant groups to the city continued. As of 2004, nearly 10% of the city's population were recent Hmong immigrants from Vietnam, Laos, Cambodia, Thailand, and Myanmar. Saint Paul is the	the	DET	location	NOUN	 location
Rivero studied at the National War College and in 1954 he became Assistant Chief of Staff for Naval Operations. In 1955, he was promoted to the rank of Rear Admiral and was a member of the Staff of the Commander in Chief, Western Atlantic Area. Of	Of	ADP	the	DET	 the
All are delighted with the scheme, and importune Schicchi with personal requests for Buoso's various possessions, the most treasured of which are " the mule, the house and the mills at Signa ". A funeral bell rings, and everyone fears that the news of	of	ADP	Buoso	PROPN	 Buoso
In 2013 Lena became a L ' Oréal testimonial for hair coloring and skin care product series. From March to May 2014 she returned as coach in the second season of The Voice Kids along with Henning Wehland (from the band Söhne Mannheims) and Johannes Strate (	(	PUNCT	from	ADP	from
It's not about sight gags or clever puns. It's not about parodying the sitcom form. This sweet ass series [...] is not always subtle - unless a child showing another how to have fun with a runny nose is intellectual - but it nicely	nicely	ADV	plays	VERB	 plays
On 1 August 1995 he was ritually anointed as the Jagadguru Ramanandacharya in Ayodhya by the Digambar Akhara. Thereafter he was known as Jagadguru Ramanandacharya Swami Rambhadracharya. In July 2003 Rambhadracharya deposed as an expert witness for religious matters (OPW 16) in Other Original Suit Number	Number	NOUN	5	NUM	 5
" Because the original voice of Suzy Creamcheese, Jeannie Vassoir, was unavailable, Pamela Lee Zarubica took over the part. Early US pressings of the album included a blurb for a " Freak Out Hot Spots! " map. Inside the gatefold jacket the small ad	ad	NOUN	was	AUX	 was
Prior to the premiere of New Year's Rockin ' Eve, the most well known New Year's Eve program was the annual big band remote of bandleader Guy Lombardo and his Royal Canadians, broadcast from the ballroom of the Waldorf Astoria Hotel. Guy Lombardo hosted 48	48	NUM	straight	ADJ	 straight
" Monotype has released two separate digitisations named Bembo and more recently Bembo Book, as well as the more slender caps only display font Bembo Titling and the alternate italic design Fairbank. Bembo Book is considered to be superior by being thicker and more suitable for body text	text	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
Born in Manchester, Higginbotham started his career at his local club Manchester United. He made seven appearances at Old Trafford as well as a loan spell with Belgian side Royal Antwerp before joining Derby County in order to play more matches. He spent three years at Derby	Derby	PROPN	but	CCONJ	 but
Five months later, on December 12, 2001, Brewer was named to the final Canadian roster for the tournament. In the opening game of the tournament against Sweden, Brewer scored Canada's second goal of the game in a 5 – 2 loss, while in	in	ADP	the	DET	 the
The historian N. J. Higham offers another explanation for their attendance, arguing that Æthelberht sent the pair to the council because of shifts in Frankish policy towards the Kentish kingdom, which threatened Kentish independence, and that the two clergymen were sent to negotiate a compromise with Chlothar	Chlothar	PROPN	.	PUNCT	.
The report highlighted the problems facing the network at that time and noted that capacity on Illawarra Line trains was often at 120%, and that 180% was not unexpected. Christie said that by 2011 there would be no capacity on the Eastern Suburbs Line for trains	trains	NOUN	coming	VERB	 coming
It has a Jovian planet companion (GJ 3021 b). Orbiting about 0.5 AU from its sun, it has a minimum mass 3.37 times that of Jupiter and a period of around 133 days. The system is a complex one as the faint star GJ 3021B	3021B	PROPN	orbits	VERB	 orbits
This was in contrast to Saw, in which most of the violence was implied off screen. Saw II was given a larger production budget of $4 million, compared to Saw's budget of a little over $1 million. The marketing budget was an additional	additional	ADJ	$	SYM	 $
Shortly after attaining tropical storm status, the previously broad circulation consolidated as banding features developed. The inner core gradually condensed and tightened, as indicated by an AMSR E overpass. On July 16 an eye began to form and Cosme intensified to attain winds of 65 mph	mph	NOUN	(	PUNCT	 (
" I wanted to share him with everybody and show everybody how kind and sweet he is, " said Baffert, while the group of about 30 people touched and even kissed the horse. The horse then posed quietly with Baffert and Espinoza to tape a segment for	for	ADP	The	DET	 The
Many such groups have been attempting to gain new recruits and increase their political influence by rebranding themselves as defenders of " white heritage " while de emphasizing their dislike of minorities and Jews. Smith states, " [t] he emphasis is different now. We do	do	AUX	n't	PART	n't
That year, he was named the Mid Continent Conference co Pitcher of the Year. Hennessey was drafted by the San Francisco Giants in the first round (21st overall) of the 2001 Major League Baseball draft. He began his career with the Salem Keizer Volcanoes of	of	ADP	the	DET	 the
The film began as a short for an NYU class but grew due to his two episodes as host, while short stories he wrote for other classes appeared in Esquire and McSweeney's. In summer 2010, the fictional Franco from General Hospital held an exhibit at the	the	DET	Museum	PROPN	 Museum
Mickey relays this message to Sora through the bottled letter shown at the end of Kingdom Hearts II. In a secret ending exclusive to Re: coded, Mickey and Yen Sid discuss the location of Terra, Aqua, and Ventus. During their conversation, however,	,	PUNCT	Yen	PROPN	 Yen
She is a knight senior to Yuri and Flynn and is the little sister of the twins. She was earlier seen in the first few character arts released for the movie. She was voiced by Arisa Ogasawara in Japanese and Trina Nishimura in English. Chastel Aiheap She	She	PRON	is	AUX	 is
The project was Cole's first collaboration with R & B producer Dallas Austin. Rashod Ollison of The Virginian Pilot wrote the album represented how " [Cole] ad hung up the gowns and returned to her soul roots "; In past performances, Cole would wear	wear	VERB	gowns	NOUN	 gowns
He had long admired a crocodile skeleton at Aberdeen's Medico Chirurgical Society. In 1866 he borrowed it, ostensibly to clean and remount it, but despite the society's urgent requests to have it returned, it stayed in Struthers ' museum at Marischal College for ten	ten	NUM	years	NOUN	 years
Transportation costs are often lower for weekend travelers. Hotels have few business travelers during the weekend, making it much easier to reserve a block of rooms and secure space for programming at a reduced price. Many fans are students and have little discretionary income, so hotel	hotel	NOUN	and	CCONJ	 and
During World War II, Duke was one of 131 colleges and universities nationally that took part in the V 12 Navy College Training Program which offered students a path to a Navy commission. In 1963 the Board of Trustees officially desegregated the undergraduate college. Increased activism on	on	ADP	campus	NOUN	 campus
The storm continued to intensify, becoming a very severe cyclonic storm on May 12. That day, the JTWC upgraded Tropical Cyclone 01B to the equivalence of a minimal hurricane with winds of 120 km / h (75 mph). In post season analysis, however	however	ADV	,	PUNCT	,
A second plan to acquire two small cruisers was dropped with the beginning of the Second World War. Soon after the attack on Pearl Harbor, the United States attempted to purchase Almirante Latorre, two destroyers, and a submarine tender, probably because the Chilean Navy had	had	VERB	a	DET	 a
The printing process used up to 12 colours and, as was his usual practice, a hand press. During these years he also completed work on Foster's Bible Emblem Anniversary Book, and Little Bird Red and Little Bird Blue. In 1870, Evans printed In	In	ADP	Fairyland	PROPN	 Fairyland
" Peter Robinson from Observer Music Monthly declared that the album ranks alongside Madonna's other albums like True Blue (1986) and Like a Prayer (1989). He credited producer Stuart Price for the album, noting that " Confessions clearly wouldn't exist without Madonna	Madonna	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
They periodically fought each other in the shape of animals or flames. Their battles were often accompanied by storms. The winner would ensure abundant harvest for his village. The benandanti and the táltos were initiated at a certain age into their vocation by an older member of	of	ADP	the	DET	 the
In 1930, she was elected a member of the International Atomic Weights Committee where she served until her death. Curie visited Poland for the last time in early 1934. A few months later, on 4 July 1934, she died at the Sancellemoz Sanatorium in Passy	Passy	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
The center span of the Mississippi River bridge was installed on June 29, 1966. The 237 foot long (72 m), 520 short ton (470 t) piece was floated into place by barge. In Council Bluffs, the Missouri River crossing opened on	on	ADP	December	PROPN	 December
Michigan then defeated the (# 22, 20) Ohio State Buckeyes at Value City Arena, the first Michigan victory at Ohio State since the 2002 – 03 team defeated the Buckeyes on January 15, 2003 and ending a nine game losing streak at Ohio State.	.	PUNCT	It	PRON	 It
Eagle carried 16 Sea Hurricanes of 801 and 813 Squadrons as well as four reserve aircraft for the operation. On the early afternoon of 11 August, Eagle was hit by four torpedoes from the German submarine U 73, commanded by Helmut Rosenbaum, and sank within four	four	NUM	minutes	NOUN	 minutes
In June 1888, at the Chicago Opera House, Little Tich starred in The Crystal Slipper, a burlesque loosely based on Cinderella; the production was a hit for the comedian and completed a run of over ten months. The Era described him as " the quaint	quaint	NOUN	little	ADJ	 little
In addition to taking songwriting classes, Kesha was also taught how to write songs by Pebe, and they would often write together when she returned home from high school. Kesha began recording demos which Pebe would give to people she knew. Kesha was also in a	a	DET	band	NOUN	 band
The mainshock (which was described as a multiple rupture, with four subevents in the initial 80 seconds) and its aftershocks occurred on a northeast trending fault that extended from near the Mendocino Fault to a point northwest of Eureka. Movement along the fault is due to	to	ADP	a	DET	 a
By the early 1970s, this system of demarcation was described as " archaic " and " grossly inadequate to keep pace both with the impact of motor travel, and with the huge increases in local government responsibilities ". The Manchester Evening Chronicle brought to the fore the	the	DET	issue	NOUN	 issue
In the north wing was the brewhouse and the parlour, with two chambers above them, the latter possibly used by Dorothy Wynn as her bedroom. The private bedrooms for the family and guests were each equipped with a fireplace, an important status symbol in the period	period	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
" In the United Kingdom, the song entered the UK Singles Chart at No. 5 during the week of December 10, 1994. The following week, the song peaked at No. 2, staying there for the final three weeks of December (held out	out	ADP	of	ADP	 of
On April 18, 2007, President of the United States George W. Bush honored Librescu at a memorial service held at the United States Holocaust Memorial Museum, attended by a crowd that included many Holocaust survivors: That day we saw horror, but we also saw quiet	quiet	ADJ	acts	NOUN	 acts
He " loved " those two soundtracks, and composed a few pieces in their style. A few months later, he acquired a new cut, which included music influenced by German electronic group Tangerine Dream. Toward the end, Soderbergh changed again and used contemporary soundtrack	soundtrack	NOUN	music	NOUN	 music
Although he was presumably given a friendly reception in his interview with a sympathetic King George, the public and private writings about him and his fall from power were at times vicious. One correspondent wrote that Gage had " run his race of glory... let him alone	alone	ADJ	to	ADP	 to
The current weapon equipped is always displayed in the bottom right corner, with the ammunition count. Depending on the weapon used, the camera will shift to first person mode to assist in aiming. The core of the gameplay is focused on stealth based tactics, which	which	PRON	require	VERB	 require
This episode marked the first appearances of the characters Shelley and Sharon Marsh, Stan's sister and mother respectively, as well as that of Dr. Mephesto. Dr. Mephesto is based on Marlon Brando's character Dr. Moreau in the 1996 film, The Island of Dr. Moreau	Moreau	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
Nixon administration officials feared that this project could be the beginning of the end of American aerospace leadership. There was also speculation that the rejection may have been, in part, retaliation for French involvement in convincing the Swiss not to purchase American made A 7 Corsair II	II	PROPN	aircraft	NOUN	 aircraft
Berger designed Jason's skin to overlap with the mask, to make it appear as if the skin and mask had fused and the mask could no longer be removed. Gregory Nicotero and Berger sculpted a full body, foam latex suit for Kane Hodder to wear under	under	ADP	the	DET	 the
After Filchner's attempts to establish a land base at Vahsel Bay failed, his ship Deutschland was trapped on 6 March 1912, about 200 miles (320 km) off the coast of Coats Land. Six months later, at latitude 63° 37 ’, the	the	DET	ship	NOUN	 ship
At the time these winds were measured, a barometric pressure of 972 mbar (hPa; 28.7 inHg) was recorded, the lowest in relation to the hurricane. However, shortly thereafter, cool, dry air began to entrain the storm, causing it to rapidly	rapidly	ADV	weaken	VERB	 weaken
The dominant landowning class channeled most of the economic burden on to the peasantry, in the form of higher rents and discriminatory local taxation. As social tension rose, a handful of young and hitherto quite unknown socialist intellectuals – many of them recent graduates of Palermo University	University	PROPN	–	PUNCT	 –
His college years were interrupted by service in the U.S. Army Air Forces during World War II. Chappuis flew 21 missions as a radio operator and aerial gunner on B 25 bombers in the European Theater. His aircraft was shot down in February 1945 in the Lombardy region	region	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
The writers for the episode researched various abductee reports and conspiracy theories in order to get the right feel for the episode and make the aliens appear realistic and not " fanciful ". The episode makes several mentions to the Voyager program and the Voyager Golden Record; Mulder	Mulder	PROPN	and	CCONJ	 and
Manchester became an important centre for the manufacture and trade of woollens and linen, and by about 1540, had expanded to become, in John Leland's words, " The fairest, best builded, quickest, and most populous town of all Lancashire. " The	The	DET	cathedral	ADJ	 cathedral
The Union also built a military hospital on Hilton Head Island with a 1,200 foot (370 m) frontage and a floor area of 60,000 square feet (6,000 m2). Hundreds of ex slaves flocked to Hilton Head Island, where they could buy land, go	go	VERB	to	ADP	 to
Of the incomplete SCI syndromes, Brown Séquard and central cord syndromes have the best prognosis for recovery and anterior cord syndrome has the worst. People with nontraumatic causes of SCI have been found to be less likely to suffer complete injuries and some complications such as pressure sores	sores	NOUN	and	CCONJ	 and
" In his eight seasons with the show Hartman became known for his impressions, and performed as over 70 different characters. Hartman's original Saturday Night Live characters included Eugene, the Anal Retentive Chef and Unfrozen Caveman Lawyer. His impressions included Frank Sinatra, Ronald Reagan	Reagan	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
Another reason why the first Fascio of Messina – formed after the example of the Fasci operai [Workers leagues] constituted in Central and North Italy from 1871 – did not develop was that it brought together not individual workers but the workers ' associations of the city,	,	PUNCT	which	PRON	 which
The first 500,000 copies of Cryptic Writings in the United States were released with an album cover featuring a silver background. These releases also included a Vic Rattlehead collectible card which promoted " The Cryptic Writings Of Megadeth ", an issue run by Chaos Comics. Later US	US	PROPN	pressings	NOUN	 pressings
He was initially credited with scoring the milestone goal in his previous game, against the Winnipeg Jets, but after reviewing a replay of the goal himself, McDonald asked the league to credit it to teammate Eddy Beers who had deflected his shot. His injury problems worsened	worsened	VERB	in	ADP	 in
Reviewers also noted that the " action sequences [are used to] keep the critique from becoming preachy " or otherwise too serious. In The San Diego Union Tribune, the reviewer wrote " As a motorhead, I liked a lot of elements in this novel.	.	PUNCT	On	ADP	 On
According to Richard Bensel in his study of the 1896 convention, Tillman gave " by far, the most divisive speech of the convention, an address that embarrassed the silver wing of the party as much as it enraged the hard money faction ". He deemed silver	silver	NOUN	a	DET	 a
The western section dates from the 14th century, and comprises the remains of the great hall, used by the lord, over the former laigh, or low, hall, used by the labourers, and later divided to form cellars. The marks of the hall	hall	NOUN	's	PART	's
The highway continues as Main Street in the community to Carr Street; the highway turns back eastward on Carr Street in Gregory. As the highway runs easterly, it skirts the northern edge of the Pinckney State Recreation Area and the southern edge of the Timber Trace Golf	Golf	PROPN	Club	PROPN	 Club
The key portion of training involved learning hit and run tactics of guerrilla warfare. Guevara and the others underwent arduous 15 hour marches over mountains, across rivers, and through the dense undergrowth, learning and perfecting the procedures of ambush and quick retreat. From the start	start	NOUN	Guevara	PROPN	 Guevara
A few days later, on July 8, 1918, he was severely wounded when a mortar bomb exploded between his legs. He was sent to a hospital in Milan where he recuperated for six months; after his return home, he went on a week long	long	ADJ	fishing	NOUN	 fishing
The circulation deteriorated further, and the storm dissipated southwest of Nova Scotia the next day. In advance of the storm, tropical cyclone watches and warnings were issued for coastal areas, while rescue teams and the U.S. Coast Guard were put on standby. The storm dropped	dropped	VERB	heavy	ADJ	 heavy
The beginning of 1917 witnessed an enormous expansion of the RFC and experienced tutors were required to train the mass of new students. McCudden was posted to the 6th Training Wing at Maidstone until transferred to Dover on 15 April where he learned to fly the Bristol Scout.	.	PUNCT	One	NUM	 One
There was an additional class of troops who followed the army without specific martial roles and were deployed to the rear of the third line. Their role in accompanying the army was primarily to supply any vacancies that might occur in the maniples. The light infantry consisted of	of	ADP	1,200	NUM	 1,200
Although they did not maintain a major military garrison, its position on Watling Street relative to the major Kentish ports of Rutupiae (Richborough), Dubrae (Dover), and Lemanae (Lymne) gave it considerable strategic importance. In the late 3rd century, to	to	PART	defend	VERB	 defend
To become a prince again, Beast must win her love in return otherwise he remains a monster forever. The film also features the voices of Richard White, Jerry Orbach, David Ogden Stiers, and Angela Lansbury. Walt Disney first attempted unsuccessfully to adapt Beauty and	and	CCONJ	the	DET	 the
Berry then starred in the film Frankie and Alice, in which she plays Frankie Murdoch, a young multiracial American women with dissociative identity disorder struggling against her alter personality to retain her true self. She was awarded the African American Film Critics Association Award for Best Actress	Actress	PROPN	and	CCONJ	 and
Although the army warrants state the colour as being red it is defined by most commentators as being crimson or " wine red ". The Victoria Cross is awarded for... most conspicuous bravery, or some daring or pre eminent act of valour or self sacrifice, or	or	CCONJ	extreme	ADJ	 extreme
Students who accumulate demerit points as a result of various offences are penalised in their sabbatical bidding or are recommended for corrective work order. HCI offers a host of exchange programmes with schools spread across the Asia Pacific, including University of Tsukuba in Japan, Philippine Science High	High	PROPN	School	PROPN	 School
" Family and family history also plays an important role in the poem. Eliot found information on his family from Sketch of the Eliot Family, which described how Eliot's family lived in East Coker for 200 years. When Andrew Eliott left, he disrupted the family	family	NOUN	history	NOUN	 history
The operation was scheduled to start on the afternoon of 8 December. The attack began with a massive artillery barrage which pounded German positions continuously for two hours. At 16: 00, the Saskatoon Light Infantry support battalion joined in, hitting German positions with bursts of	of	ADP	machine	NOUN	 machine
With that in mind, the band spent three weeks doing pre production and rehearsals at Studio 606, where the composition was completed, going " from forty songs to fourteen ", and said songs were rehearsed to be recorded live, while in previous records, as	as	SCONJ	put	VERB	 put
After the 2000 aviation deregulation, Indonesian airports endured a surge of passengers, especially catalyzed by the advent of low cost carriers. According to the Indonesian Transportation Ministry, 9 of the 13 airports managed by PT Angkasa Pura I have exceeded their passenger capacity. Jakarta's	's	PART	Soekarno	PROPN	 Soekarno
During the conflict itself, monuments were erected near the battlefields and the temporary cemeteries being used to store the dead. It had been hoped in Britain to repatriate the war dead, but this rapidly proved entirely impractical, leading to haphazard, improvised arrangements around the battlefields	battlefields	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
It was released on October 17, 2005, for Microsoft Windows, and ported by Day 1 Studios to the Xbox 360 and PlayStation 3. Timegate Studios has released two expansion packs, F.E.A.R. Extraction Point in October 2006, and F.E.A.R. Perseus Mandate in November 2007.	.	PUNCT	A	DET	 A
In January 2006, Boycott joined Asian channel Ten Sports. He delivered the Colin Cowdrey Lecture in 2005, speaking about the need for cricket to adapt to changing circumstances and embrace innovations like Twenty20. Boycott worked on Cricket on Five with Mark Nicholas and Simon Hughes as	as	ADP	co	NOUN	 co
Despite this, Lester intensified into a hurricane late on August 22 while located about 240 miles (385 km) west of La Paz in Baja California Sur. The hurricane continued to organize and banding type eye soon formed. Early on August 23 it attained peak winds	winds	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
They then go back into their relationship and enter the janitor's closet where they continue kissing. The idea of Skinner and Krabappel becoming a couple had been around since the days when Mike Reiss and Al Jean were show runners. The episode's writer Rachel Pulido took	took	VERB	some	PRON	 some
The Italian traveler Marco Polo's fleet of thirteen Chinese ships passed through Mumbai Harbour during May — September 1292. King Bhimdev founded his kingdom in the region in the late 13th century and established his capital in Mahikawati (present day Mahim). He belonged to either	either	CCONJ	the	DET	 the
While shooting War of the Worlds in late 2004, Spielberg met with stunt coordinator Vic Armstrong, who doubled for Ford in the previous films, to discuss three action sequences he had envisioned. However, Armstrong was filming The Mummy: Tomb of the Dragon Emperor during	during	ADP	shooting	NOUN	 shooting
Aerial photography was attempted during 1914, but again only became effective the next year. In 1915 Hugh Trenchard replaced Henderson and the RFC adopted an aggressive posture. By 1918, photographic images could be taken from 15,000 feet (4,600 m), and interpreted by over	over	ADP	3,000	NUM	 3,000
The first move by the company was the creation of the BK Expressway business concept, a new store format designed for locations where a traditional stand alone restaurant was impractical. The company introduced two separate formats designed to operate in different business environments; the first concept was	was	AUX	intended	VERB	 intended
Al Bakri set up a meeting between the Damascus based nationalists and Sultan al Atrash at his home in al Qabun, after which the two sides agreed to work together to uproot the French from Syria. Following the meeting, al Bakri conferred with al Shahbandar, who	who	PRON	agreed	VERB	 agreed
Note that in FIBA play, if the shooter commits the violation, it is an automatic turnover. If the shot is successful and the shooter does not commit a violation, but other players do commit a violation, all violations are discarded. If players from the	the	DET	opposing	VERB	 opposing
It is not known how William Adam became a successful architect from these beginnings, but by 1721 he was engaged on major projects at Floors Castle, where he executed a design by Vanbrugh, and designing extensions to Hopetoun House. John Gifford links Adam's rise with	with	ADP	the	DET	 the
The settlements that make up the Rhondda Fawr are as follows: Blaencwm a district of Treherbert. Blaenrhondda a district of Treherbert. Cwm Clydach a community. Cwmparc a district of Treorchy. Cymmer a district of Porth. Dinas Rhondda a district of Penygraig. Edmondstown a	a	DET	district	NOUN	 district
The following year he ruled that any members of the clergy who were holding party offices should be dismissed, and that any party member who was considering entering the clergy had to give up his party membership. While Bormann's push to force the closure of theological departments	departments	NOUN	at	ADP	 at
Note that the genus is polyphyletic and needs to be redefined. Gloeopeniophorella: corticioid; surface almost smooth; hyphae without clamp connections; thick walled cystidia (metuloids) and gloeocystidia present; spores with wrinkled (rugose) ornamentation. Lactarius: agaricoid or gasteroid; exuding	exuding	PROPN	latex	PROPN	 latex
Pauline's original character outline as written by Smith and Holland appears in an abridged form in their book, EastEnders: The Inside Story. Pete's twin sister. Forty, and a chip off the Lou Beale block. Plucky, and determined to battle through whatever	whatever	PRON	the	DET	 the
Toivonen's first season driving for a major car manufacturer's ' works ' team was largely a trial year. He started the season by winning the Arctic Rally in January, but only drove his Talbot Sunbeam Lotus in four selected World Rally Championship events. His exuberant	exuberant	ADJ	driving	NOUN	 driving
They turned south at full speed at 11: 35 AM when the British light forces failed to disengage on schedule and the rising tide meant that German capital ships would be able to clear the bar at the mouth of the Jade estuary. The brand new light cruiser	cruiser	NOUN	Arethusa	PROPN	 Arethusa
Since then, the song has been remastered and re released twice; the first on April 1, 2004, and the second time on December 9, 2014 for Utada's first greatest hits album Utada Hikaru Single Collection Vol. 1 (2003). It was	was	AUX	available	ADJ	 available
He also sent Hergé a 1932 article discussing the differences between Chinese and Japanese cultures. At the time, Neut worked as the assistant of Lou Tseng tsiang, a Chinese Catholic who had moved to Belgium, where he published a book on the Japanese invasion and occupation	occupation	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
Ginóbili has also enjoyed success with the Argentina national team. He made his debut in 1998, and helped win the gold medal during the 2004 Olympics Basketball Tournament. Ginóbili comes from a family of basketball players. His oldest brother, Leandro, retired in 2003 after	after	ADP	seven	NUM	 seven
Most of the information available about the events is derived from the sira — maghazi traditions (biographical narratives and documentation of military campaigns) of the early centuries of Islam. The general sequence of the events gained consensus early on, as demonstrated in the text of Ibn	Ibn	PROPN	Ishaq	PROPN	 Ishaq
The gate lay on the southeastern corner of the Augustaion, the main ceremonial plaza of the city, with the Hagia Sophia cathedral on the northern side and the Baths of Zeuxippos and the Hippodrome of Constantinople on the southern and western sides. The first structure in that	that	DET	location	NOUN	 location
Elisha was charged with the murder of his wife, Jenny G. Kane (1898 – 1931), by drowning her in Chesapeake Bay. The trial was such a sensation at the time that there were crowds of people outside the courthouse unable to find room inside.	.	PUNCT	Evan	PROPN	 Evan
The group leased Joppenbergh from owner Warren Sammons. Rosendale's first ski jumping competition was held on January 24, 1937. The ski track was designed by Harold Schelderup, a ski hill designer from Norway. Bad weather caused the cancellation of competitive events, but a	a	DET	skiing	NOUN	 skiing
A slightly re worked version was performed on stage on 22 December 1970 at Sheffield City Hall, Sheffield, England with the band members pausing between pieces to eat and drink their breakfast. The original LP ends with the sound of a dripping tap which continues into the	the	DET	inner	ADJ	 inner
There were cobbles from the moment you left Paris, or Senlis where we started in those days. There'd be stretches of surfaced roads and often there'd be a cycle path or a pavement and sometimes a thin stretch of something smoother. But you never knew	knew	VERB	where	SCONJ	 where
Alprazolam is available in English speaking countries under the following brand names: Alprax, Alprocontin, Alzam, Alzolam, Anzilum, Apo Alpraz, Kalma, Mylan Alprazolam, Niravam, Novo Alprazol, Nu Alpraz, Pacyl, Restyl, Tranax, Trika, Xycalm, Xanax	Xanax	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
" While seeking funding for the film, Six pitched the idea of a surgeon who sewed people together. He did not initially reveal that the victims would be joined mouth to anus, as he believed this idea would stand no chance of receiving investments. His backers	backers	NOUN	felt	VERB	 felt
Concerns about the marketability of titles seem to have surfaced in the last two issues of Science Wonder, which had the word " Science " printed in a color that made it difficult to read. On the top of the cover appeared the words " Mystery Adventure Romance	Romance	PROPN	"	PUNCT	 "
Edward, needing money, had taxed the nobility, and they had armed themselves against him, forcing Edward to issue his confirmation of Magna Carta and the Forest Charter to avoid civil war. The nobles had sought to add another document, the De Tallagio, to	to	ADP	Magna	PROPN	 Magna
Their classic line up consisted of lead singer Roger Daltrey, guitarist Pete Townshend, bass guitarist John Entwistle, and drummer Keith Moon. They are considered one of the most influential rock bands of the 20th century, selling over 100 million records worldwide and holding a reputation	reputation	NOUN	for	ADP	 for
As Tyson notes, although " Johnson's circle " is usually used in the singular, there were at least two such " circles ". The first was made up of a group of London associates: Fuseli, Gregory, Bonnycastle, and Geddes. The second	second	ADJ	consisted	VERB	 consisted
He captained the side during Manny Panther's two match omission from the squad during the 2007 – 08 season, but Panther regained the captaincy after his return. He was voted by supporters as York's Clubman of the Year for 2007 – 08, having made 56	56	NUM	appearances	NOUN	 appearances
Womanizer is already VEVOcertified after reach 100 million views on YouTube. The song was performed for the first time at the Bambi Awards in Germany, on November 27, 2008. For the performance Spears wore hot pants, fishnet stockings and a black top hat. The	The	DET	ensemble	NOUN	 ensemble
Its task of guarding a bridge over a railway line was unappealing, so he took the opportunity of joining the Eastern Province Light Horse, attached to the Highland Brigade, which was recruiting volunteers who could both ride and shoot. Early in the Brigade's advance into	into	ADP	the	DET	 the
Musically, " Laser Beam " is an electronic song, influenced by 8 bit music. Tetsuo Hiraga from Hot Express noted elements of 8 bit and dance music in its composition. A staff editor from Selective Hearing noted musical elements of electropop in its composition. Asian	Asian	ADJ	Junkie	PROPN	 Junkie
The underwater protection system consisted of the extension of the double bottom up to the lower edge of the waterline armour belt, with a thin 10 millimetre (0.4 in) plate acting as the outermost bulkhead. It was backed by a torpedo bulkhead that consisted of two	two	NUM	layered	VERB	 layered
Although no plans were put in place to open shelters, the Emergency Operations Center in Washington County raised their activation level to stage two. In Franklin County, the Emergency Operations Center was placed at stage three and voluntary evacuation orders were issued for Alligator Point. After	After	ADP	an	DET	 an
This marked his first collaboration with Jane Nebel — the woman who later became his wife. In the show, he began experimenting with techniques that would change the way puppetry had been used on television, including using the frame defined by the camera shot to allow the	the	DET	puppet	NOUN	 puppet
The track was resurfaced by Regisport in 1982 and the venues ' profile was further raised in the summer of 1983, when Gateshead born athlete Steve Cram faced Sebastian Coe over 800 m in the Gateshead Games. In front of a reported crowd of 15,000 who were "	"	PUNCT	shoehorned	VERB	 shoehorned
In 1990 he wrote about the resistance group Lark in LARK: Milorg i Trøndelag 1940 1945. He released the book Krigskorset og St. Olavsmedaljen med ekegren in 1995, which gives an overview of all the holders of Norway's highest wartime decorations. The reasons given for	for	ADP	awarding	VERB	 awarding
He is an opponent of creationism being taught in schools. He has been awarded many prestigious academic and writing awards and he makes regular television, radio and Internet appearances, predominantly discussing his books, his atheism and his ideas and opinions as a public intellectual. Dawkins	Dawkins	NOUN	was	AUX	 was
The split came about after Yourell decided to leave the band due to his desire to " do other things ". A MySpace entry stated: " It's with a very heavy heart that we have to let you know that Ronan has decided to leave the band	band	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
She also won the 6th International Nile Children Song Festival in Cairo. Gutawa was born Aluna Sagita Gutawa – Aluna Sagita meaning " song rhythm " – in Jakarta, Indonesia on 11 August 1993 to Erwin Gutawa, a composer, and Luthfi Andriani. The first child	child	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
The actor recalled that standing like a statue was difficult since " first of all, I didn't realize how hard it is on the back to stand absolutely tall and straight and not move. Secondly, as a performer you have this nervous energy — and my	my	PRON	requirements	NOUN	 requirements
While this generally avoids pregnancy, pregnancy can still occur with intercrural sex and other forms of penis near vagina sex (genital rubbing, and the penis exiting from anal intercourse) where sperm can be deposited near the entrance to the vagina and can travel along the vagina	vagina	PROPN	's	PART	's
A part of western Slavonia, encompassing an area extending approximately 90 by 45 kilometres (56 by 28 miles), was designated as the UNPA of Western Slavonia or Sector West by the peace plan. Unlike other UNPAs, the RSK controlled only a part of the	the	DET	area	NOUN	 area
" Thiago's name and handprints are tattooed on his left calf. In April 2015, Messi confirmed on Facebook that they were expecting another child. He missed training ahead of a match against Atlético Madrid to attend the birth of his second son, Mateo, on	on	ADP	11	NUM	 11
The New York Times commented that Perot's " chances of winning are much less than when he quit in July. His only dim practical hope is to confuse and destabilize the contest. " He hoped to spend more resources using paid advertisements than holding traditional rallies to	to	PART	spread	VERB	 spread
Microfossils dating from 632.5 million years ago – just 3 million years after the end of the Cryogenian glaciations – may represent embryonic ' resting stages ' in the life cycle of the earliest known animals. An alternative proposal is that these structures represent adult stages of the multicellular	multicellular	ADJ	organisms	NOUN	 organisms
This facilitated tool use and encouraged communication that provided the nutrition and stimulation needed for a larger brain, which allowed the evolution of the human race. The development of agriculture, and then civilization, led to humans having an influence on Earth and the nature and quantity	quantity	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
Following a French raid on Deerfield on the Massachusetts frontier in February 1704, the English in Boston organized a raid against Acadia the following May. Led by Benjamin Church, they raided Grand Pré and other Acadian communities. English and French accounts differ on whether Church's	's	PART	expedition	NOUN	 expedition
When they were inland, watches and warnings were posted for tropical storm or hurricane force winds expected during the next 24 and 12 hours, respectively. During the hurricane season, the National Hurricane Center routinely issues their Tropical Weather Outlook product, which identifies areas of concern	concern	NOUN	within	ADP	 within
Once outside, imps knock Cooper and Mr. Ribs out, but Ma Soupswill arrives and defeats them. Cooper regains consciousness and he and Amber leave the mansion, but the household staff prefer to stay. As Cooper and Amber walk towards a small town, the Baron	Baron	PROPN	can	AUX	 can
The extensive damaged caused by Janet on the island to low income households led the passage of the 1955 Housing Act, which created the National Housing Authority (NHA) in 1956. The NHA was responsible for the acquisition of lands on which houses could be built with	with	ADP	stronger	ADJ	 stronger
" Cuming returned to England on June 5, 1730, accompanied by several Cherokee and carrying a possum hair headdress, which he referred to as the " Crown of Tannassy. " Although he had planned to present the party and crown to King George II, a	a	DET	delegation	NOUN	 delegation
After school at Eton, he studied law at Trinity College, Oxford, where, having decided on a political career, he devoted his main energies to making a personal impact rather than to his studies. Rejecting his Conservative background, he joined the small, centrist	centrist	ADJ	Liberal	PROPN	 Liberal
Their battle for the rebound was more physical than usual, however. Abdul Jabbar became involved and wrestled with Kunnert. As a result, Kermit Washington stayed behind in the backcourt in order to watch over and make sure nothing happened. After the two disengaged, Washington	Washington	PROPN	grabbed	VERB	 grabbed
US 60 would be realigned through many of the towns it served in the late 1940s and early 1950s. The highway was adjusted through Fairland to use Connor Avenue, a shorter, straighter route through town; this change was approved on July 11, 1949. The	The	DET	highway	NOUN	 highway
Sira's civil servants, however, could not be as readily reproduced; after Tipu Sultan had succeeded his father as Sultan of Mysore in 1782, he deported 12,000 families, mainly of city officials, from Sira to Shahr Ganjam, a new capital he founded on	on	ADP	Seringapatam	PROPN	 Seringapatam
Applying those legal principles, the Court held that the appellant had failed to prove that her detention had been made for reasons unrelated to national security. During the 1999 parliamentary debate on the rule of law, Jeyaretnam asserted that detention without trial under the ISA contravened the	the	DET	doctrine	NOUN	 doctrine
The San Francisco Chronicle's Bob Graham has praised Neville's portrayal of the character in the feature film, calling his expository monologue " a Wagnerian demonstration of the art of declamation ". Writing for the Los Angeles Daily News, Michael Liedtke and George Avalos described the	the	DET	character	NOUN	 character
He then travelled to Los Angeles for a series of Beatles related business meetings held at the offices of Apple's US distributor, Capitol Records, primarily to discuss the upcoming Beatles compilations 1962 – 1966 and 1967 – 1970. While these two double albums were intended to	to	PART	foil	VERB	 foil
The Storm Prediction Center is responsible for forecasting the risk of severe weather caused by severe thunderstorms, specifically those producing tornadoes, hail of one inch (2.5 cm) in diameter or larger, and / or winds of 58 miles per hour (93 km / h	h	PROPN	)	PUNCT	)
The title passed through the line of the first son, Joseph Wenzel Johann Nepomuk (as second prince), to his son Joseph Maria Benedikt Karl (third prince, who died in 1796) and then to another son of the second prince, Karl Joachim Aloys	Aloys	PROPN	(	PUNCT	 (
He also wanted the new house to reflect his ancient lineage: " to suggest something of the pity of the Middle Ages as well as the grandeur of Elizabethan England ". He therefore rejected the neoclassical style of architecture, which was fashionable at the time, and	and	CCONJ	chose	VERB	 chose
The dark shaft streaks on nape are very narrow, while the dark longitudinal patterning on the underparts does not cover the belly. A dark cross pattern on the belly and flanks is thinner and paler than in B. b. turcomanus. Compared to B. b. nikolskii, which	which	PRON	may	AUX	 may
The Wall Street Journal editorial condemned the strike but stated that the powers exercised by the government in ending the strike were only justified by the war time conditions. The Los Angeles Times and the Chicago Tribune, while denouncing the strike, tried to put the blame for	for	ADP	causing	VERB	 causing
At the time, the southern half of Sakhalin Island, then known as Karafuto Prefecture, was under the control of the Empire of Japan; the Japanese government both recruited and forced Korean labourers into service and shipped them to Karafuto to fill labour shortages resulting from World	World	PROPN	War	PROPN	 War
He served as First Secretary of the Communist Party of the Soviet Union from 1953 to 1964, and as Chairman of the Council of Ministers, or Premier, from 1958 to 1964. Khrushchev was responsible for the de Stalinization of the Soviet Union, for backing the	the	DET	progress	NOUN	 progress
Inside Soap named Peggy the UK's top soap matriarch in 2009. Peggy married Eric Mitchell because she was pregnant with Phil (Steve McFadden). Eric, a keen boxer, worked for gangster Johnny Allen (Billy Murray). Johnny would taunt Eric, making	making	VERB	him	PRON	 him
He sustained major damage to his car in the accident. Under caution, the leaders made pit stops, giving the first and second positions to Terry Labonte and Dave Blaney at the restart. On lap 51, Kurt Busch led before Menard overtook him. Menard remained	remained	VERB	leading	VERB	 leading
This bypass was built atop existing Bay Road north of the present day DE 9 interchange and on a new alignment south of there. The new highway between Little Heaven and Bay Road would cross the St. Jones River at a site called Barkers Landing. Between December 1931	1931	NUM	and	CCONJ	 and
Higinbotham himself felt that the game was an obvious extension of the Donner Model 30's bouncing ball program and therefore not worthy of patenting or a large part of his legacy; he preferred to be remembered for his post World War II nuclear nonproliferation work. In 1997	1997	NUM	,	PUNCT	,
Gilligan came up with a story questioning whether Samantha had not been abducted by aliens, but was rather murdered by a child killer instead. He decided to help convince Fox Mulder of this through a series of prophetic dreams. The laser lights in Mulder's dreams were	were	AUX	influenced	VERB	 influenced
They raised most of the £40,000 needed. The 1 tonne (0.98 long tons; 1.1 short tons) capstone was laid by the Mayor, Mr William Procter Baker, at the top of the scaffolding. Because of the effect of environmental pollution on the Dundry	Dundry	PROPN	Stone	PROPN	 Stone
There are currently two main areas of theory and practice relating to the definition and diagnosis of attachment disorder, and considerable discussion about a broader definition altogether. The first main area is based on scientific enquiry, is found in academic journals and books and pays close attention	attention	NOUN	to	ADP	 to
Heptapyrgion) fortress. The inner wall is traditionally identified by scholars like van Millingen and Janin with the Wall of Heraclius, built by Emperor Heraclius (r. 610 – 641) after the Avar siege to enclose and protect the Church of the Blachernitissa. Schneider however identified	identified	VERB	it	PRON	 it
While there are no visible scars on him, the character instead has a slightly curled hair. During a color screening of the scene, Homer's body looked " a little too bloody " and damaged, prompting the staff to change it. " One thing I	I	PRON	learned	VERB	 learned
The painting departed from convention of the time by depicting a scientific subject in the reverential manner formerly reserved for scenes of historical or religious significance. Wright was intimately involved in depicting the Industrial Revolution and the scientific advances of the Enlightenment, but while his paintings were recognised	recognised	VERB	as	ADP	 as
Another rumor had Richardson surviving the initial impact and crawling out of the aircraft in search for help, prompted by the fact that his body was found farther from the wreckage than the other three. Dr. Bass and his team took several X rays of Richardson's body	body	NOUN	and	CCONJ	 and
These statements about me are totally false... I will say I am particularly upset by the handling of the mass — matter by the incredible, terrible mass media. At every opportunity, the media has dissected and manipulated these allegations to reach their own conclusions. I	I	PRON	ask	VERB	 ask
Canada's primary export market, the United States, has been ambivalent to the environmental questions surrounding the exploitation of the oil sands, with Republicans being generally more supportive of the resource, while president Barack Obama, a Democrat, said that " there are some environmental	environmental	ADJ	questions	NOUN	 questions
In order to achieve the shots, an old dairy was converted for filming. 300 slaughter pigs were brought in for the sequences, as well as 200 rubber pigs. The skinned human bodies in the episode were created by spraying a mannequin with a layer of latex	latex	PROPN	.	PUNCT	.
" In December 2007, before the sixth series finale was shown, Penry Jones announced he would leave the series sometime during its seventh year, and revealed the character would leave in what he believed to be " one of the best " Spooks exits. To keep	keep	VERB	the	DET	 the
" Because of You " also made an appearance on the Billboard Hot 100 at number 52, and peaked at number 50. In Canada, the song peaked at number 36 on the week ending July 21, 2007. The music video, directed by Roman White	White	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
The White House received a letter from the magazine inquiring into the authenticity of the letter on the same day that Mulvane returned for a second meeting to press Smith's appointment. Roosevelt was enraged, demanded the return of the letter, and declared that " from now	now	ADV	on	ADP	 on
Patrick Foye, the executive director of the Port Authority, said that he thought that the changes were " few and minor " in a telephone interview. A contract negotiated between the Port Authority and the Durst Organization states that the Durst Organization will receive a $15	15	NUM	million	NUM	 million
After another refit in San Francisco, which lasted until February 1943, the ship was sent to assist American forces engaged in the Aleutian Islands Campaign. During this time, Pennsylvania was nearly hit by a torpedo from Japanese submarine I 31, which was later sunk.	.	PUNCT	For	ADP	 For
In game, the player takes the role a fighter jet pilot defending an English coastland against an enemy invasion, having to fight off aerial, ground and naval forces while Allied bases evacuate. The display shows the plane's instrumentation and cockpit view. The game was	was	AUX	well	ADV	 well
It stated that Norwegian authorities had made agreements with ESRO that Norway would make sufficient inspections to insure that Article 9 was followed, it pointed out the open and civil nature of ESRO and rejected the Soviet claims that they had the right to be consulted in advance.	.	PUNCT	Norwegian	ADJ	 Norwegian
" Concluding his review, Byrnes gave the film four out of four stars. IGN's Jim " Stax " Vejvoda rated the film four out of five stars, praising the acting — particularly of the two protagonists, " both dynamic presences on screen, with neither	neither	DET	actor	NOUN	 actor
He claims to have worked behind the scenes with the Fleming family, and believed this was the reason why filmmakers finally went ahead with Casino Royale. Tarantino also said, he would have set it in the 1960s and would have only made it with Pierce Brosnan as	as	ADP	Bond	PROPN	 Bond
Rubens said in an interview that he worked for fewer days when compared to his previous works and added that Kumar had a small story to tell within every song in the film. Due to Nageswara Rao's death, a song's tune was replaced with another tune	tune	NOUN	and	CCONJ	 and
"). Her reviews appeared semi regularly from 1927 to 1933, were widely read, and were later published in a collection under the name Constant Reader in 1970. Her best known short story, " Big Blonde ", published in The Bookman magazine, was	was	AUX	awarded	VERB	 awarded
The oldest surviving gun, known as the Heilongjiang hand cannon and dated to no later than 1290, is 34 cm long with a muzzle bore diameter of 2.5 cm (1 in). The second oldest, dated to 1332 is 35.3 cm long, a muzzle	muzzle	NOUN	bore	VERB	 bore
The early stuff at the RV Round Up is much better than the main camping story, although there's some nice Marge Lisa bonding, and who could resist Maggie and the bears? " In a DVD review of the first season, David B. Grelck gave the	the	DET	episode	NOUN	 episode
During the October 17 episode of Raw, The Hurricane was assaulted by Kurt Angle at the request of Vince McMahon. After the beating, footage was shown of The Hurricane ripping off his mask and striking Rosey because he did not help him fend off Angle. The	The	DET	next	ADJ	 next
It is located in the center of Oxford, a town located about half a mile north of Interstate 20, and is directly bounded by Georgia State Route 81 (signed as " Emory Street ") to the east and the Fleming Woods to the west. Emory	Emory	PROPN	University	PROPN	 University
It also provides an indoor facility for community programs and activities. Walter W. Law Memorial Park (originally Liberty Park), in the center of the village on Pleasantville Road, is a 7 acre (2.8 ha) park which was donated to the village by Law	Law	PROPN	in	ADP	 in
This new version adds to that with HDMI, faster ports, and more portability. But it also subtracts from that with its exclusion of an optical drive and Ethernet port, plus its very high starting price. The Pro and Retina Pro are clearly two laptops designed	designed	VERB	for	ADP	 for
The cast rehearsed for the first three days of production, the camera crew rehearsed on the fourth day and a live studio audience were present on the fifth. The cast — including Ted Danson, who advised Levine not to change a word — loved this episode,	,	PUNCT	and	CCONJ	 and
Kapoor (who described her character of Mahi Arora — a fading star — as " bipolar and schizophrenic ") refrained from taking on any other projects, since she found Heroine " very aggressive and tiring ". Reviewers found the film to be " drably monotonous "	"	PUNCT	,	PUNCT	,
Her father was a pastor of the Dutch Reformed Church for forty years and her mother was a first generation immigrant from Holland. One of four children, Stevens grew up in Omaha and graduated in 1905 from Omaha High School. She went on to further her education	education	NOUN	graduating	VERB	 graduating
Paramount brought suit against Goldwyn and Cooper, and the court ruled that Cooper's new Goldwyn contract afforded the actor sufficient time to also honor his Paramount agreement. Cooper continued to make films with both studios, and by 1939 the United States Treasury reported that Cooper was	was	AUX	the	DET	 the
The pleurocystidia (the cystidia on the face of the gill) are similar in appearance. The pileipellis is made up of wart covered hyphae measuring between 2 and 4.5 µm wide and up to 30 µm long. The outermost layer of the stem is made up hyphae	hyphae	X	with	ADP	 with
With £10,000 funded by Cambridge City Council, the unveiling is planned for 2016. There has been much speculation concerning Barrett's psychological well being. His family have denied that he suffered from mental illness, (despite displaying an almost textbook case of schizophrenia),	,	PUNCT	but	CCONJ	 but
The amusement park has since been closed to the public. Three thousand people attended Delaney's burial and memorial service on July 4 which was held in the sweltering heat of the Haughton High School gymnasium. President Ronald Reagan honored Delaney with the Presidential Citizens Medal on July	July	PROPN	15	NUM	 15
Messiaen notated the bird species with the music in the score (examples 1 and 4). The pieces are not simple transcriptions; even the works with purely bird inspired titles, such as Catalogue d'oiseaux and Fauvette des jardins, are tone poems evoking the landscape,	,	PUNCT	its	PRON	 its
Michael J. Fox as Jason Stone, a news reporter who is killed during the Martians ' first attack. Rod Steiger as General Decker, a US Army general who works for President Dale. Lukas Haas as Richie Norris, Billy Glenn Norris's younger brother. Natalie	Natalie	PROPN	Portman	PROPN	 Portman
Tsuchiya had originally done minor work on Persona, and found composing for the titles a strenuous experience. Meguro returned to work on the series in Persona 5. For this game, Meguro used its themes for inspiration, and used elements of acid jazz to achieve the	the	DET	right	ADJ	 right
Swift first recorded the entire song, and Caillat then recorded background vocals separately. Swift was very pleased with the finished product: " I think she sounds beautiful on it. I'm so excited to have her voice on my album. " " Breathe " is	is	AUX	a	DET	 a
Immediately after a bloodied Cena won, Edge made his way to the ring to cash in his Money in the Bank contract – a " guaranteed title match for the WWE Champion at a time and place of the owner's choosing. " Two quick spears allowed Edge	Edge	PROPN	to	PART	 to
As Captain Blue and Silvia embrace in a heartfelt reunion, the director tells Joe that the story is not complete. He snaps his fingers, and the space station's onboard computer warns of a large number of UFOs heading towards Earth. Blue tells Joe that a	a	DET	hero	NOUN	 hero
Noted for his long running role as Homer Simpson on the animated television series The Simpsons, he voices many other characters on the show, including Abraham " Grampa " Simpson, Barney Gumble, Krusty the Clown, Sideshow Mel, Groundskeeper Willie, Mayor Quimby and Hans	Hans	PROPN	Moleman	PROPN	 Moleman
The throne of England was temporarily restored to Henry VI; on 14 March 1471, Edward brought an army back across the English Channel, precipitating the Battle of Barnet a month later. Edward IV was normally at the forefront of his armies. Standing 6 ft 3	3	NUM	in	ADP	 in
Some breeders consider hen feathering to have an adverse effect on the fertility of male Sebrights, and may use roosters that don't carry the trait for breeding purposes, despite their automatic disqualification in shows. Characteristically, Sebrights are only one of a few chicken breeds in	in	ADP	which	PRON	 which
The refit work was completed by 16 April 1878, permitting Tirpitz to take command of the ship on 6 May. He served as the ship's commander until August 1880. Tirpitz, as the commander of Germany's torpedo boat flotilla, staunchly advocated the development of	of	ADP	torpedo	NOUN	 torpedo
The plot is heady stuff, and Roger Corman drives it forward — with wonderful matte shots of the castle perched on the seaside cliff, odd camera angles, the thickest cobwebs in horror movie history, a spider in the face, and an iron maiden — all	all	ADV	before	SCONJ	 before
There the four year old Marshall met Stephen Douglas and Abraham Lincoln and sat on the lap of whichever candidate was not speaking. He later referred to this as one of his earliest and most cherished memories. The family moved to Osawatomie, Kansas in 1859 but the	the	DET	violence	NOUN	 violence
Rumors that Isabeau and Orléans were lovers began to circulate, a relationship that was considered incestuous. Whether the two were intimate has been questioned by contemporary historians, including Gibbons who believes the rumor may have been planted as propaganda against Isabeau as retaliation against tax increases she	she	PRON	and	CCONJ	 and
Taraborrelli thought that " Blood on the Dance Floor " was one of Jackson's best songs, a song that US fans " don't even know exists ". In 2005, J T Griffith, of Allmusic, believed that in hindsight, " Blood on the	the	DET	Dance	PROPN	 Dance
In Grainville sur Odon and le Valtru: 7th Battalion Seaforth Highlanders, 9th Battalion Cameronians (Scottish Rifles) and 9th Royal Tank Regiment.) held their positions, launching local counter attacks to retake lost ground and eventually the German offensive was stopped, within 0.6 miles	miles	NOUN	(	PUNCT	 (
At one point worried Bristol police issued a warning that the dam might not hold, prompting localised evacuation of populated valley areas downstream including Pensford and Keynsham. The lake is designated a Site of Special Scientific Interest (SSSI) and a Special Protection Area (SPA)	)	PUNCT	(	PUNCT	 (
In 1866, he became chairman of the New York State Democratic party, a post he held for eight years. Tilden initially cooperated with Tammany Hall, the New York City political machine of William " Boss " Tweed, but the two men soon became enemies.	.	PUNCT	In	ADP	 In
She is supported by John the Evangelist, who wears a red robe. Dressed in green robes, Mary Salome stands to the Virgin's left, wiping tears from her face with the fold of her white headdress. Mary of Clopas is behind them, holding a	a	DET	red	ADJ	 red
He led the team in scoring, rebounds and steals, averaging 23.3 points on.500 shooting, 11.6 rebounds and a career high.777 free throw shooting. He earned his tenth appearance in an All Star Game as the top vote getter among Western Conference players and posted his 18th	18th	ADJ	career	NOUN	 career
She concluded that Never Let Me Go is worth the investment. The Los Angeles Times film critic Kenneth Turan thought that the film was " passionate about deliberation and restraint " and believed that the latter may not appeal to all audiences. Scott Bowles, writing for USA	USA	PROPN	Today	PROPN	 Today
James has also filmed a music video for the song " Somebody's Gon na Pay ", from her second album of the same name. The video features former WWE Women's Champion, Trish Stratus and her fiancé Magnus. TNA founder, Jeff Jarrett, was	was	AUX	also	ADV	 also
The Birthplace of Country Music applied for a construction permit to start a new low power radio station, as part of the FCC's October 18, 2013, LPFM filing window. The application was granted and the construction permit issued on March 13, 2014. The	The	DET	station	NOUN	 station
Mario & Sonic at the Olympic Games features authentic Olympic events for the single match and circuit modes. The events closely follow rules and regulations of the specific sports. The types of Wii events are classified as athletics, gymnastics, shooting, archery, rowing, aquatics	aquatics	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
This was the third time that the contest was hosted by the previous year's winning country. Maltese national broadcaster PBS was the host broadcaster for the event. The final took place on 15 November 2014 and was in the Malta Shipbuilding in Marsa, near Valletta.	.	PUNCT	Moira	PROPN	 Moira
Bruix was decommissioned in Greece at the beginning of 1918 and recommissioned after the end of the war in November for service in the Black Sea against the Bolsheviks. She returned home in 1919 and was sold for scrap in 1921. Latouche Tréville followed her to the breakers	breakers	NOUN	five	NUM	 five
The second public review drew another 1,000 (mainly negative) responses, while the last drew just 25, by which time many concerns had been addressed. In late 1985, ANSI published the revised standard. Sixty features were changed or deprecated and many were added,	,	PUNCT	such	ADJ	 such
The 13.5 inch shell struck the forward conning tower but instead of penetrating, the shell ricocheted off and detonated some 50 yards past the ship. Rear Admiral Behncke was injured, though he remained in command of the ship. The ship was then obscured by smoke that	that	PRON	granted	VERB	 granted
" Voodoo priests and conjurers promised slaves that they could make masters kind, harm enemies, ensure love, and heal sickness. Other religious survivals noted by Blassingame include funeral rites, grave decorating, and ritualistic dancing and singing. Slaveowners and state governments tried to prevent	prevent	VERB	slaves	NOUN	 slaves
A post 9 / 11 interview with Sheikh Mohammed and bin al Shibh by Al Jazeera reporter Yosri Fouda revealed that Flight 93 was headed for the Capitol. The 9 / 11 Commission Report cited the actions of the crew and passengers in preventing the destruction of either the	the	DET	White	PROPN	 White
According to Veerabhadran Ramanathan, " the energy for the hydrological cycle comes from sunlight. As sunlight heats the ocean, water escapes into the atmosphere and falls out as rain. So as aerosols cut down sunlight by large amounts, they may be spinning down the hydrological	hydrological	ADJ	cycle	NOUN	 cycle
" He also addressed public meetings of the Socialist Workers Party, speaking at their Militant Labor Forum. He was interviewed on the subjects of segregation and the Nation of Islam by Robert Penn Warren for Warren's 1965 book Who Speaks for the Negro? Throughout 1964,	,	PUNCT	as	SCONJ	 as
The first three months of 1938 were spent in the Baltic, after which Nürnberg went into dock for a periodic refit. In June, she went on a training cruise to Norway and returned to Germany the following month. In August, she was present at the	the	DET	fleet	NOUN	 fleet
O'Brien was sold for scrapping in 1935, and the remaining three in June 1936. USS O'Brien (Destroyer No. 51 / DD 51) was laid down by William Cramp and Sons of Philadelphia in September 1913 and launched in July 1914. The ship was the	the	DET	second	ADJ	 second
Most lakes within the Midway High Lakes Area offer scenic views of Mount Adams and its glaciers. Adams Fork Campground, Cat Creek Campground, and Twin Falls Campground are located nearer to Mount Adams and are just a few of the many campgrounds along the scenic Lewis and	and	CCONJ	Cispus	PROPN	 Cispus
Both house and grounds are open to the public and are in one of the 19 conservation areas in the borough. The Swann Lane, Hulme Hall Road, and Hill Top Avenue conservation area contains 16th and 17th century timber framed buildings, Victorian villas, churches,	,	PUNCT	and	CCONJ	 and
Articles 14 (1) (a) and (b) are then subject to Articles 14 (2) (a) and (b) which allow Parliament to impose, by law, restrictions on the rights to freedom of speech and assembly. The grounds	grounds	NOUN	for	ADP	 for
The following season, Augusta sold his contract to the Syracuse Chiefs of the AAA International League, and he posted a 16 – 7 record and a 2.51 ERA with the team. After the season ended, he played winter baseball in Puerto Rico for the Cangrejeros de	de	PROPN	Santurce	PROPN	 Santurce
The entire length of SR 710 lies within the northern portion of Franklin County, and entirely within the city limits of Columbus. SR 710 starts at SR 161. The first part of SR 710 is located in Busch Boulevard, a north – south road. SR	SR	PROPN	710	PROPN	 710
Ben declines and tells him to stay away from him. At the house, Vivien announces to Ben that she is pregnant. Series co creators Ryan Murphy and Brad Falchuk began working on American Horror Story before their Fox series Glee began production. Murphy wanted to do	do	VERB	the	DET	 the
Enugu State has a HIV / AIDS prevalence of 6.5%, one of the highest in the country. Enugu is located on the narrow gauge Eastern Line railway linked to the city of Port Harcourt; the Enugu train station is by the side of the National Stadium	Stadium	PROPN	;	PUNCT	;
McCaw announced his engagement to Flynn in January 2016. His other sporting passion is flying and he has been made an honorary Squadron Leader in the Royal New Zealand Air Force. McCaw learned to fly gliders from his grandfather, who flew more than 300 missions in the	the	DET	Second	PROPN	 Second
Between 1567 and 1901 at least seven stone date tablets were erected in the park commemorating the planting of trees. In the north and north eastern part of Althorp is marshy ground which is natural feeding ground for herons, a prized delicacy historically at the house. They	They	PRON	were	AUX	 were
The episode contains a parody from a popular combat sequence in the film, in which the actors box for close to six minutes. Meanwhile, background art was accomplished by Derek Ballard, whose experience growing up in Utah inspired one of his pieces for the episode.	.	PUNCT	Originally	ADV	 Originally
Aureliano Coutinho's influence was destroyed after the Emperor implicitly banned him from participation in political decision making. The monarch then moved against the Liberals. From 1844 through 1848, the country saw several successive Liberal cabinets, all plagued by internal divisions. Pedro II called upon	upon	SCONJ	the	DET	 the
Under the original constitutional provision, state legislatures filled vacancies when a Senator left office before the end of the term; the Seventeenth Amendment provides that state legislatures can grant governors the right to make temporary appointments, which last until a special election is provided to fill the	the	DET	seat	NOUN	 seat
He had intended to continue his studies at the University of Missouri School of Journalism, but he interrupted his studies to enlist in the U.S. Army for service in World War I. After basic training, Johnson entered officer training at Fort Riley on May 15, 1917.	.	PUNCT	In	ADP	 In
Containing 892,000 square feet (83,000 m2), the Wells Fargo Building's footprint measures 220 feet 6.5 inches (67.22 m) by 175 feet 5.5 inches (53.48 m). Built in the Beaux Arts style the building's brick curtain wall is made of limestone	limestone	NOUN	ashlar	ADJ	 ashlar
This is a small metal furnace containing nozzles for the fiber to be formed through. It is almost always made of platinum alloyed with rhodium for durability. Platinum is used because the glass melt has a natural affinity for wetting it. When bushings were first used they	they	PRON	were	AUX	 were
Carpenter's later writings are based upon ideas she developed from her correspondence with Tuckerman. In 1835 she helped organise a " Working and Visiting Society ", in the slums around Lewin's Mead, of which she remained secretary for nearly twenty years. This group was	was	AUX	inspired	VERB	 inspired
In November 2001 the SBS had an extensive role in the invasion of Afghanistan and were involved in the Battle of Tora Bora. The SBS was used in vital phases of the invasion of Afghanistan. A small SBS contingent secured Bagram Airbase prior to the deployment of larger	larger	ADJ	forces	NOUN	 forces
I would just want to see what it looked like. I tried to make it a work of art. I wasn't trying just to copy. I realized that this was just so much more compelling. The painting was bequeathed to the Washington National Gallery of	of	ADP	Art	PROPN	 Art
The depression quickly intensified into Tropical Storm Douglas. Around that time, most of the deep convection was situated south of the atmospheric circulation. Initially expected to become a hurricane only briefly, late on July 21, the NHC reported that Douglas had become a hurricane.	.	PUNCT	Upon	SCONJ	 Upon
Locke brings with him Celes Chere, one of the Empire's own generals, whom he saved from execution for defying the Empire's ruthless practices. Sabin brings with him Cyan Garamonde, whose family was killed during the Empire's siege of Doma Castle when Kefka Palazzo	Palazzo	PROPN	ordered	VERB	 ordered
1266 – 17 January 1334), 4th Earl of Richmond, was an English nobleman and a member of the Ducal house of Brittany, the House of Dreux. He entered royal service in England under his uncle Edward I, and also served Edward II. On	On	ADP	15	NUM	 15
The area under the jurisdiction of the Sandakan District covers the town area (46 square miles), half town area (56 square miles), rural areas and islands (773 square miles) with all the total area are 875 square miles. Today, Sandakan	Sandakan	PROPN	is	AUX	 is
Strasburg was selected by Washington with the first pick in the 2009 MLB Draft, and he made his MLB debut with the Nationals in 2010. A talented but unpolished high school baseball player at West Hills High School, Strasburg played college baseball for the San Diego State	State	PROPN	Aztecs	PROPN	 Aztecs
Despite the increasing range of FRELIMO operations, attacks were still limited to small strike teams attacking lightly defended administrative outposts, with the FRELIMO lines of communication and supply utilising canoes along the Ruvuma River and Lake Malawi. It was not until 1965 that recruitment of fighters increased	increased	VERB	along	ADP	 along
He assisted the surveyor who pegged out the land at the rear of Government House, Adelaide, for the Torrens Parade Ground, and was later promoted to clerk. On 14 May 1890, he married Rosa Wadham at the Christian Chapel, Norwood. He rose through	through	ADP	the	DET	 the
The NY 56A designation was eliminated in 1980. NY 345 was realigned two years later to follow old NY 56A to Potsdam as a result of a highway maintenance swap between the state of New York and St. Lawrence County. Ownership and maintenance of NY 345's original	original	ADJ	routing	NOUN	 routing
The final match was a Pinfalls Count Anywhere match for the WWE Championship, as John Cena defended against The Great Khali. Khali had control for most of the contest, performing a spin kick and a leg drop onto Cena. The contest went into the crowd,	,	PUNCT	as	SCONJ	 as
One faculty member protested: " What will our soldiers think when they return to the university and find that they are required to learn at the feet of a woman? " Hilbert responded with indignation, stating, " I do not see that the sex of the	the	DET	candidate	NOUN	 candidate
The Wushe Incident of 1930 led to many changes in aboriginal policy, and the Japanese government began referring to them as Takasago zoku (高砂族) (Tai 1999: 294). The latter group included the Atayal, Bunun, Tsou, Saisiat, Paiwan, Puyuma	Puyuma	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
As the three landing craft of the first wave withdrew, another three landing craft came in with reinforcements, heavy weapons and other support elements, however, they ran aground on a coral reef and the men aboard were forced to wade ashore. Although one of these	these	DET	craft	NOUN	 craft
Very loosely based on the events of 1575, Scott's story reinvented aspects of the castle and its history to tell the story of " the pathetic, beautiful, undisciplined heroine Amy Robsart and the steely Elizabeth I ". Although considered today as a less successful literary	literary	ADJ	novel	NOUN	 novel
A more recent libertarian tradition on education is that of unschooling and the free school in which child led activity replaces pedagogic approaches. Experiments in Germany led to A. S. Neill founding what became Summerhill School in 1921. Summerhill is often cited as an example of anarchism in	in	ADP	practice	NOUN	 practice
Jorge Enrique Avendaño et al. wrote in the original description of the Perijá tapaculo that the size and quality of the species ' range are being reduced, although it can tolerate a certain level of fragmentation of its range. Its natural habitat covers about 5,000 square kilometres	kilometres	NOUN	(	PUNCT	 (
Ahmad was indeed expelled to Sarkhad, accompanied by Maliktamur. However, upon the intervention of some of an Nasir Muhammad's emirs, wives and his harem, an Nasir Muhammad decided to have Ahmad return to Cairo while Ahmad was still on his way to Sarkhad,	,	PUNCT	although	SCONJ	 although
In 1880, Democratic Senator George H. Pendleton of Ohio introduced legislation that required selection of civil servants based on merit as determined by an examination, but the bill did not pass. After the 1882 congressional elections, in which Democrats campaigned successfully on the reform issue,	,	PUNCT	the	DET	 the
Clark teaches Kara to control some of her abilities, and at the same time blend into society. In season seven's " Lara ", Kara is captured by the Department of Domestic Security and tortured, where she relives one of her early memories of visiting Earth	Earth	PROPN	with	ADP	 with
He interviews these men and actress Debbie D., while clips from horror films and facts and opinions provided by Clover about the genre are interspersed. The film has a fictional subplot, which questions whether or not Rost's works are actual snuff films. Petty's real	real	ADJ	life	NOUN	 life
" Another anonymous review followed in the 29 July 1820 Literary Chronicle and Weekly Review that quoted the poem with a note that said that " Among the minor poems, many of which possess considerable merit, the following appears to be the best ". Josiah Conder,	,	PUNCT	in	ADP	 in
The WAAAF itself, the first and largest of Australia's wartime women's services, was disbanded on 30 September 1946. It was succeeded in 1950 by a new organisation with a separate charter to the RAAF, the Women's Royal Australian Air Force (WRAAF)	)	PUNCT	.	PUNCT	.
The lifeless rocks and stones depicted in the concluding line convey the finality of Lucy's death. Although the " Lucy poems " share stylistic and thematic similarities, it was not Wordsworth but literary critics who first presented the five poems as a unified set called the "	"	PUNCT	Lucy	PROPN	 Lucy
Many snow petrels and south polar skuas also breed in this area. Snow petrels are generally spread out in smaller colonies throughout the mountainous areas of Queen Maud Land. During the breeding season, the south polar skua feeds exclusively upon the eggs, as well as both	both	PRON	young	ADJ	 young
He made no serious attempt to save Anne's life, although some sources record that he had prepared her for death by hearing her last private confession of sins, in which she had stated her innocence before God. On the day of her death, a Scottish	Scottish	ADJ	friend	NOUN	 friend
On 21 February 2013, it was revealed that Cooper had quit the show and her final scenes would air in April. Cooper said that she had the " most incredible and unforgettable " time and Jacqui had been a " fascinating part to play ". She also	also	ADV	wanted	VERB	 wanted
This was opposed by the Supreme Allied Commander, General Dwight D. Eisenhower, and the First Sea Lord, Sir Andrew Cunningham. An intervention by the King eventually prevented Churchill from going. The invasion was to begin on 5 June but bad weather forced a 24 hour	hour	NOUN	delay	NOUN	 delay
He started out the season at the 1969 Daytona 500 by being the first driver to qualify faster than 190 miles per hour with a speed of 190.029 miles per hour (305.822 km / h). In 51 starts, he had 11 wins, 42 top fives	fives	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
Adult volunteers also serve as stewards, tour guides and special event staff. Such docents are challenged by the large variety of plants; one joked in 2010 that, " The ones I don ’ t know the name of, I call Species Nocluesem. " The	The	DET	New	PROPN	 New
He also played for Caguas in the Puerto Rican Winter League during the offseason. In 1996, Rodríguez set an MLB record for most doubles by a catcher, amassing 44 over the course of the season. This broke the previous mark of 42, set by Mickey	Mickey	PROPN	Cochrane	PROPN	 Cochrane
They close the chapter by stating that existing methods are " clumsy " and that a new ideal and methods of literary history is necessary. The final section of the book, removed in later editions, consists of a single chapter regarding the study of literature. Wellek	Wellek	PROPN	and	CCONJ	 and
Xiāngjiāo blasts through many colorful, nonsensical lands, having to dodge things such as peanuts, floating fruit, pink colored fog, and mountains growing out of the ground. Forced to visit uncountably many alien worlds, Xiāngjiāo fears both the unfamiliarity of future lands and the	the	DET	extreme	ADJ	 extreme
The sound of tone clusters played on the organ became a convention in radio drama for dreams. Clusters are often used in the scoring of horror and science fiction films. For a 2004 production of the play Tone Clusters by Joyce Carol Oates, composer Jay Clarke —	—	PUNCT	a	DET	 a
Pre production began in April 2013, and filming later in the year, including locations in Yorkshire and Canada. The 32 hour audio book of Jonathan Strange & Mr Norrell was released by Audio Renaissance in 2004. According to a review in The Boston Globe, reader	reader	NOUN	Simon	PROPN	 Simon
The flag paused in front of Muhammad Ali (invited to represent ' respect, confidence, conviction, dedication, generosity and spiritual strength '), who held it for a few moments. Ali, who had lit the flame at the 1996 Atlanta Games, was	was	AUX	accompanied	VERB	 accompanied
These groups may still be found in the same areas today. White Brazilians descended from the original Portuguese settlers. From the 1870s onwards this ethnic group also included other European immigrants: mainly Italians, Spaniards and Germans. Although whites could be found throughout the country,	,	PUNCT	they	PRON	 they
Paul blackmails Susan into keeping quiet by threatening to fire Summer. However, Summer finds out what Paul has done and Susan reveals the truth in front of council members and the press. Paul stands down as editor and gives the job to Susan. Susan fires an	an	DET	employee	NOUN	 employee
The session was stopped four minutes early, though by that time no cars had entered the track for at least ten minutes. The track dried out in the second session; Räikkönen adapted best to the changed conditions with a lap of 1: 23.861, significantly quicker	quicker	ADJ	than	ADP	 than
I am going to put in every image I can think of to make the men in the audience cross their legs. Homosexual oral rape, birth. The thing lays its eggs down your throat, the whole number. ' " In the decades since its original	original	ADJ	release	NOUN	 release
(The Crow Terrace Poetry Trial, of 1079.) With his demonstrations of loyalty and ability, Shen Kuo was awarded the honorary title of a State Foundation Viscount by Emperor Shenzong of Song (r. 1067 – 1085), who placed a great amount of trust	trust	NOUN	in	ADP	 in
The orchestral parts, performed by members of the London Symphony Orchestra, were added on 3 April. During the same session, Harrison recorded his vocal and a sitar part, the solo of which, in the description of music critic David Fricke, " sings and	and	CCONJ	swings	NOUN	 swings
The grounds are open from 06: 00 to 19: 00 weekdays, except for Friday when the complex is open for prayers at the mosque between 12: 00 and 14: 00. The complex is open for night viewing on the day of the full moon	moon	NOUN	and	CCONJ	 and
The tablet is written from left to right, indicating that Hebrew writing was still in the formative stage. The Israelite tribes who settled in the land of Israel adopted the Phoenician script around the 12th century BCE, as found in the Gezer calendar (c. 10th century	century	NOUN	BCE	PROPN	 BCE
Aaron Peck of High Def Digest stated that the episode is one of his " personal favourites, " and Ron Martin of 411Mania called it a " standout episode. " Adam Rayner of Obsessed With Film gave the episode a favorable review as well. He wrote that	that	SCONJ	,	PUNCT	,
Neither Indian was willing to shoot a fleeing man, as it " seemed not brave " to do so. This did not prevent the soldier from shooting Little Bird, after which Wooden Leg clubbed the soldier off his horse. Wooden Leg describes the screams of his	his	PRON	mother	NOUN	 mother
Napoleon had beaten Britain's Austrian allies who were in disarray and, in October, Spain had surrendered and allied themselves to the French. Jervis recalled Admiral Robert Mann to aid in the blockade of Cadiz. Mann took his ships instead to Spithead. Jervis abandoned Corsica	Corsica	PROPN	between	ADP	 between
The album, produced by band members Mike Shinoda and Brad Delson, was released by Warner Bros. Records and Machine Shop on June 13, 2014. It is the first album since Meteora (2003) not to be produced with Rick Rubin, after producing the band	band	NOUN	's	PART	's
He confirmed this in another interview that after watching Perumazhakkalam (2005), whose story is based on a newspaper article, at the Film Festival, he decided to make his own version of the film. After purchasing the story rights from Kamal, director of Perumazhakkalam	Perumazhakkalam	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
In the 1980s, Michigan State students convinced the University to divest the stocks of companies doing business in apartheid South Africa from its endowment portfolio, such as Coca Cola. MSU has many student groups focused on political change. Graduate campus groups include the Graduate Employees Union	Union	PROPN	and	CCONJ	 and
Construction of a new CA $5 million visitors ' centre is expected to be completed by April 2017, in advance of the 100th anniversary of the battle. The Canadian National Vimy Memorial site has considerable sociocultural significance for Canada. The idea that Canada's national identity	identity	NOUN	and	CCONJ	 and
Hough, Frank O.; Ludwig, Verle E.; Shaw, Henry I., Jr. " Pearl Harbor to Guadalcanal ". History of U.S. Marine Corps Operations in World War II. Retrieved 2006 05 16. CS1 maint: Multiple names: authors list (link)	)	PUNCT	Shaw	PROPN	 Shaw
Between 1930 and 1938 she won a number of prizes for Herdwick ewes at shows across Cumbria. Upon her death in 1943, she bequeathed fifteen farms – approximately a total sum of 4,000 acres (16 km²) - to the National Trust, and per her instructions	instructions	NOUN	all	PRON	 all
Both the giant anteater and the southern tamandua are well represented in the fossil record of the late Pleistocene and early Holocene. The giant anteater can be identified by its large size, elongated muzzle, and long bushy tail. It has a total body length of 182	182	NUM	–	PUNCT	 –
As the first Team Columbia – High Road rider to cross the line, Mark Cavendish was awarded the first pink jersey as general classification (GC) leader; he was also awarded the white jersey as youth classification leader. 10 May 2009 — Jesolo to Trieste,	,	PUNCT	156	NUM	 156
His " great skill and gallantry " in this action earned him the Distinguished Flying Cross (DFC), which was gazetted on 20 January 1942. Around this time, Arthur met his future wife, Lucille, in a shop in Alexandria. They married on 24	24	NUM	December	PROPN	 December
In 1963 on British television, Mona Best, with her son present, said of his dismissal: " From the point of clash of personalities, well, probably that may be it because Peter did have a terrific fan club, you know, compared to the	the	DET	others	NOUN	 others
On one occasion, Wright flew back to England, threatening to leave the band. At the Montreal Olympic Stadium, a group of noisy and enthusiastic fans in the front row of the audience irritated Waters so much that he spat at one of them. The end	end	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
Because of its ability to reveal the previously hidden diversity of microscopic life, metagenomics offers a powerful lens for viewing the microbial world that has the potential to revolutionize understanding of the entire living world. As the price of DNA sequencing continues to fall, metagenomics now allows	allows	VERB	microbial	ADJ	 microbial
However, some of the over sixty re tellings of the Trojan War since 1916 do feature the character. One consequence of the reassessment of sources is the reappearance of Troilus in his ancient form of andropais. Troilus takes this form in Giraudoux's The Trojan War Will	Will	AUX	Not	PART	 Not
As a result of breaches in flood defenses around Ise Bay, seawater continued to pour into inundated areas after Vera's passage, slowing down repair efforts. One breach spanning 150 km (93 mi) across required 5,000 personnel, 32,000 sandbags, and bulldozers dispatched by	by	ADP	the	DET	 the
This breach of trust damaged relations between the Indians and St. Leger, and became instrumental in the eventual failure of the siege. St. Leger took advantage of his victory to deliver another demand for the fort's surrender, which Gansevoort also rejected. The next day St.	St.	PROPN	Leger	PROPN	 Leger
These conditions include ischemic heart disease, high blood pressure, diabetes mellitus, muscle wasting, osteoporosis, lung cancer, anxiety disorder and depression. In those with severe disease, a feeling of always being tired is common. Fingernail clubbing is not specific to COPD and	and	CCONJ	should	AUX	 should
In Iron Man 2, Tony Stark receives a similar poster of the Iron Man armor and hangs it in his Malibu garage, much to the displeasure of his assistant and love interest Pepper Potts. Shepard Fairey created an adaptation of the Obama HOPE poster for satirical Kentucky	Kentucky	PROPN	politician	NOUN	 politician
A few modern AA guns were fitted as well: two 3 " / 50 caliber guns from Bethlehem Steel were added on the aft superstructure, 37 mm guns were added near each turret, and 3 pounders were removed from the top of turrets. After the refit	refit	NOUN	was	AUX	 was
These compounds are used in chemical, domestic and industrial glassware and optics. Boron trioxide is used as a glass fibre additive, and is also a component of borosilicate glass, widely used for laboratory glassware and domestic ovenware for its low thermal expansion. Most ordinary glassware	glassware	NOUN	is	AUX	 is
Children with autism have been found by researchers to have inflammation of both the peripheral and central immune systems as indicated by increased levels of pro inflammatory cytokines and significant activation of microglia. Biomarkers of abnormal immune function have also been associated with increased impairments in behaviors that are	are	AUX	characteristic	ADJ	 characteristic
The Slime has also been called cute and charming by several critics, especially when reviewing Rocket Slime. GamesRadar listed it as the most lovable blob in video games, calling them the " equivalent of training wheels " due to how easy they are to defeat typically,	,	PUNCT	but	CCONJ	 but
A low pressure system northwest of the depression in combination with Tropical Storm Aletta to the northeast caused the depression to weaken, and it dissipated on June 18. A tropical wave moved off the coast of Africa and progressed westward through the Atlantic Ocean and Caribbean Sea,	,	PUNCT	before	ADP	 before
He won eighth stage that featured a summit finish to Monte Carpegna despite Fuente attacking several times on the ascent. Fuente tried attacking throughout the race of the race, but was only able to make time gains on the race's penultimate stage. Merckx won the race	race	NOUN	after	ADP	 after
However, Sukumaran argues that AP was revived within DARPA by Poindexter with FutureMAP, an attempt to " extrapolate the Iowa Presidential markets system to the prediction of terroristic events " under the " interest of national security. " Mike Huben has argued that were Assassination Politics ever	ever	ADV	to	PART	 to
The Save the Redwoods League was founded in 1918 by Boone and Crockett Club members Madison Grant, John C. Merriam, Henry Fairfield Osborn, and future member, Frederick Russell Burnham. The initial purchases of land were made by Club member Stephen Mather and Mr. William Kent	Kent	PROPN	.	PUNCT	.
In addition to these two regions, various other small body populations, including comets, centaurs and interplanetary dust, freely travel between regions. Six of the planets, at least four of the dwarf planets, and many of the smaller bodies are orbited by natural satellites	satellites	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
The two young men both enlist to become combat pilots in the Air Service. When they leave for training camp, Jack mistakenly believes Sylvia prefers him. She actually prefers David and lets him know about her feelings, but is too kindhearted to turn down Jack's	's	PART	affection	NOUN	 affection
There are several candidates for such an observation in orbit around Sagittarius A *. The evidence for stellar black holes strongly relies on the existence of an upper limit for the mass of a neutron star. The size of this limit heavily depends on the assumptions made about	about	ADP	the	DET	 the
The staff writers were Rhimes, Parriott, Ann Hamilton, Vernoff, Kip Koenig, Mimi Schmir, Gabrielle Stanton, and Harry Werksman, Jr.. The directors throughout the season were Peter Horton, Tony Goldwyn, Adam Davidson. John David Coles, Scott Brazil,	,	PUNCT	Darnell	PROPN	 Darnell
In May 1965, while visiting the site of Mosque No. 7, then closed, Clarence 13X and several of his companions were told to leave by a police officer. They left, began to vandalize nearby buildings, and blocked the street near the former headquarters	headquarters	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
In June 2010, Entertainment Weekly named him one of the " 100 Greatest Characters of the Last 20 Years ". TV Guide listed SpongeBob SquarePants No. 9 on its " 50 Greatest Cartoon Characters of All Time " list. However, not all critical reception for	for	ADP	the	DET	 the
It failed, however, to stop the frontier war, which continued with renewed severity in 1780. A monument was dedicated at Cherry Valley on August 15, 1878, at the centennial anniversary of the massacre. Former New York Governor Horatio Seymour delivered a dedication address	address	NOUN	at	ADP	 at
Malcolm McDowell as Marcus Kane, a former scientist who now lives as a feudal lord in an abandoned castle, having medieval army under his command and controlling parts of the country. McDowell described his character as a King Lear. According to Marshall, Kane is based	based	VERB	on	ADP	 on
Kummetz's plan was to divide his force in half; he would take Admiral Hipper and three destroyers north of the convoy to attack it and draw away the escorts. Lützow and the remaining three destroyers would then attack the undefended convoy from the south. At 09	09	NUM	:	SYM	:
Parsons was immediately fired from Hughes; the FBI investigated the complaint and were suspicious that Parsons was spying for the Israeli government. Parsons denied the allegations when interrogated; he insisted that his intentions were peaceful and had suffered an error of judgment in procurement of the documents	documents	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
Church founder González was beaten by Cristeros and was jailed by the government for preaching in the open air. In 1995, as thousands of members of the Church traveled to the Holy Supper celebration in Guadalajara, several members of a neighboring community supported by Cardinal Juan Sandoval	Sandoval	PROPN	Íñiguez	PROPN	 Íñiguez
W.T.R. Martin wrote in the American Journal of Numismatics, " The general effect is pleasing, of the three the Dime is to many the most attractive piece. The head of Liberty is dignified, but although the silly story has been started that the profile is that	that	PRON	of	ADP	 of
Vanity Fair's Brett Berk received the episode positively, despite having been disappointed with the second half of the first season, a sentiment shared by Futterman, who deemed " Audition " a " fresh start " after " a first season that devolved into a frenzy of	of	ADP	too	ADV	 too
I never heard anyone say it and did not even ask myself what it meant... I happened to read in an encyclopedia that it is a tropical tree resembling the Ceiba. In several of García Márquez's works, including No One Writes to the Colonel, In	In	ADP	Evil	PROPN	 Evil
He committed himself to a psychiatric hospital in Saint Remy, where his condition stabilised, leading to one of the more productive periods of his life. After he moved to Auberge Ravoux (now a French historic landmark) in the village of Auvers sur Oise under the	the	DET	care	NOUN	 care
By this time, the system was evolving into a more typical tropical cyclone, with stronger winds closer to the center. Accelerating across the Yellow Sea on August 14, Lee began to recurve across North Korea and subsequently weakened rapidly across the mountainous terrain. A total	total	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
He won the 2001 King of the Ring tournament, was the first Money in the Bank ladder match winner in 2005, and won the Royal Rumble match in 2010, making him the first wrestler in history to achieve all three of those accomplishments. He headlined numerous	numerous	ADJ	pay	NOUN	 pay
Buildings could then be built around the inside of the shell, producing a small inner courtyard at the centre. The style was particularly popular in south east England and across Normandy, although less so elsewhere. Restormel Castle is a classic example of this development, as	as	SCONJ	is	AUX	 is
He studied the Chinese classics, drank tea, and played Chinese chess for recreation. Under his reign, the administrative core of the Jin state was moved south from Huining. He instated Beijing as the Jin main capital in 1153. Palaces were erected in Beijing and	and	CCONJ	Kaifeng	PROPN	 Kaifeng
Although West designed it as a melancholic pop album, 808s & Heartbreak had a significant effect on hip hop music. While his decision to sing about love, loneliness, and heartache for the entirety of the album was at first heavily criticized by music audiences and the	the	DET	album	NOUN	 album
Furthermore, the need to maintain the large garrison at Derbent further depleted the already overstretched Syro Jaziran army, the main pillar of the Umayyad regime. Eventually, this weakening of the Syrian army would be the major factor in the fall of the Umayyad dynasty during the	the	DET	Muslim	ADJ	 Muslim
Several weeks later, Megadeth's " Head Crusher " was nominated for Best Metal Performance at the 2010 Grammy Awards, the band's eighth Grammy nomination in 19 years. In March, Megadeth embarked on the Rust in Peace 20th Anniversary Tour, which took place in	in	ADP	North	PROPN	 North
As security personnel realised Kaldalu was not supposed to be there, they began to drag him away, and Kaldalu produced a piece of paper, which he had hidden under his shirt, reading " # free anakata ". The Marcel Bezençon Awards, the OGAE voting	voting	NOUN	poll	NOUN	 poll
They assumed the other victims had been taken by sharks. The Leichhardt searched for survivors until last light and then made way for Bowen where the alarm was raised. At Holbourne Island, the other 18 survivors were living off raw bird's eggs and rain water that	that	PRON	had	AUX	 had
Similarly, Nostradamus's notorious ' 1999 ' prophecy at X.72 (see Nostradamus in popular culture) describes no event that commentators have succeeded in identifying either before or since, other than by dint of twisting the words to fit whichever of the many contradictory happenings they are	are	AUX	keen	ADJ	 keen
" Even the Governor of the Arizona Territory, John C. Frémont, reported after the gunfight, " Many of the very best law abiding and peace loving citizens [of Tombstone] have no confidence in the willingness of the civil officers to pursue and bring to justice	justice	NOUN	that	SCONJ	 that
After the regular season is complete, the teams with the best regular season records enter the playoffs, the winner of which receives the British Championship. The number of teams competing in the playoffs has varied, the first two seasons saw six teams qualify, while the	the	DET	demise	NOUN	 demise
Written by Michael Hitchcock and directed by Eric Stoltz, the episode first aired on Fox in the United States on April 10, 2012. It features the introduction of special guest star Matt Bomer as Blaine Anderson's (Darren Criss) elder brother Cooper, and the	the	DET	revelation	NOUN	 revelation
Only a few reviewers remained nostalgic of the gothic and symphonic sound of Decipher and denounced a " lack of direction " and " too much confusion " in the music of the album. The album sold enough in the Benelux to remain in the Dutch Mega Album Top	Top	PROPN	100	NUM	 100
The organization conducts an annual business plan / ideas contest where entries are invited throughout Karnataka. The cell won the Best Microsite Award from National Entrepreneurship Network in 2006. The Rotaract Club of RVCE is affiliated to Rotary International District 3190 The club conducts blood donation camps,	,	PUNCT	National	PROPN	 National
The remainder were retired between 1982 and 1983. The remaining G and H models were used for nuclear standby (" alert ") duty as part of the United States ' nuclear triad. This triad was the combination of nuclear armed land based missiles, submarine based	based	VERB	missiles	NOUN	 missiles
In his quest, Fuse was supposed to be able to take part in other characters ' scenarios, and the ultimate goal of his quest might be determined by what the player did in the course of gameplay. The " ninth " protagonist was to be the daughter	daughter	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
As a result of the brawl, Bischoff announced a tag team match, in which Benjamin and Jericho defeated Orton and Batista. On the May 31 episode of Raw, it was announced that Orton would defend the Intercontinental Championship against Benjamin at Bad Blood. Before the	the	DET	event	NOUN	 event
The 124 million peso ($2.6 million) road is expected to improve connectivity between the airport and both northern Iloilo and southern Capiz, as well as reduce travel times from there to the airport by at least fifteen minutes. The two lane road opened in July	July	PROPN	2010	NUM	 2010
Hay, particularly alfalfa, is sometimes compressed into pellets or cubes. Processed hay can be of more consistent quality and is more convenient to ship and to store. It is also easily obtained in areas that may be suffering localized hay shortages. However, these more	more	ADV	concentrated	ADJ	 concentrated
The subpopulations display seasonal fidelity to particular areas, but DNA studies show that they are not reproductively isolated. The thirteen North American subpopulations range from the Beaufort Sea south to Hudson Bay and east to Baffin Bay in western Greenland and account for about 54% of the	the	DET	global	ADJ	 global
Sir Walter Jenner furnished the rooms with furniture and included historic and newly commissioned paintings. The paintings include: portraits of Lady Catherine Neville by Robert Peake James Scott, 1st Duke of Monmouth and Mary II of England by Sir Peter Lely and William III of England by	by	ADP	Godfrey	PROPN	 Godfrey
If her producers had concocted a sharper set of songs and more interesting beats, Janet Jackson might have been a pleasant set of sunny dance pop ", highlighting " Young Love " as the only song which " stands out among the undistinguished, sub disco thumpers and	and	CCONJ	drippy	ADJ	 drippy
The breakaway built up a lead of over six minutes and took all the mountains classification points. Wyss won the first ahead of Quintero; Quintero beat Wyss on the second climb. Danilo Wyss went on to take the jersey for the leader of the mountains classification thanks	thanks	NOUN	to	ADP	 to
Flagstaff is the only city in Arizona never to have reported temperatures of 100° F (38° C) or higher. The annual snowfall averages 100.3 inches (254.76 cm), placing Flagstaff among the snowiest incorporated cities in the United States. Overall, the	the	DET	city	NOUN	 city
" He was stubborn, over sensitive, and a prima donna, but he worked like a dog all the time. His gang liked him a lot but he tended to get a staff of ' yes men '. He did not like to delegate authority.	.	PUNCT	I	PRON	 I
It stars Warwick Davis in the title role and Jennifer Aniston in her film debut. Davis plays a vengeful leprechaun who believes a family has stolen his pot of gold. As he hunts them, they attempt to locate his gold to mollify him. The film was	was	AUX	originally	ADV	 originally
The aircraft had to be disassembled and trucked to an abandoned airfield at Ardmore, Oklahoma with a runway long enough for acceptance testing. The first production F6U 1 performed its initial flight on 29 June 1949, and 20 of the aircraft were provided to VX 3,	,	PUNCT	an	DET	 an
The pope made Louis the " standard bearer of the Church " and granted him a three year tithe to fight against Francesco II Ordelaffi and other rebellious lords in the Papal States. Louis sent an army under Nicholas Lackfi's command to support the pope's troops in	in	ADP	Italy	PROPN	 Italy
Napoleon's removal of the Bourbon dynasty from the Spanish throne precipitated a political crisis. Although the Spanish world almost uniformly rejected Napoleon's plan to give the crown to his brother, Joseph, there was no clear solution to the lack of a king. Following traditional	traditional	ADJ	Spanish	ADJ	 Spanish
Gideon Haigh suggests: " If ever a cricketer was the creation of a single writer, it is MacLaren, the luminous majesty with which he is associated owed in very large degree to his youthful acolyte Neville Cardus. " MacLaren was also a highly proficient fielder,	,	PUNCT	initially	ADV	 initially
He came to me with a part of an idea which I already had worked out and had difficulty getting people to listen to. He was willing to sign a paper. When it then came to defending that paper and really putting work into it, he refused	refused	VERB	.	PUNCT	.
John Lydon wrote the song " Seventeen " on the Sex Pistols album Never Mind the Bollocks in response to " I'm Eighteen ", and is said to have auditioned for the Sex Pistols by miming to an Alice Cooper song — most frequently reported as " I	I	PRON	'm	AUX	'm
Around the 9th century the Vikings took Moors they had captured and were using as slaves to Ireland. The Vikings spent winter months near the Shiant Isles, and Mackenzie attributes the story of the blue men to " marooned foreign slaves ". He quotes an excerpt from	from	ADP	historian	NOUN	 historian
The Santacruz Electronic Export Processing Zone (SEEPZ) and the International Infotech Park (Navi Mumbai) offer excellent facilities to IT companies. State and central government employees make up a large percentage of the city's workforce. Mumbai also has a large unskilled and semi skilled	skilled	ADJ	self	NOUN	 self
" Choudary dismissed the claims as " fanciful ", that if they were true, UK security services would have arrested him. In September 2014, Choudary described Abu Bakr al Baghdadi, leader of the Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant, as " the caliph	caliph	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
In 1331 the plague was noted in China, and from east Asia it was carried west along the trade routes by merchants and Mongol soldiers who were able to so freely and quickly travel across the continent during the Pax Mongolica. Plague infected fleas hitched rides in the	the	DET	manes	NOUN	 manes
The winds and rainfall damaged crops and houses and also caused power outages. The storm killed two people on the island during its passage, with 12 others missing. On nearby Mauritius, Colina dropped about 106 mm (4.2 in) of rainfall and produced wind gusts	gusts	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
Spears premiered songs from her upcoming second album during the show. Oops!... I Did It Again, her second studio album, was released in May 2000. It debuted at number one in the US, selling 1.3 million copies, breaking the SoundScan record for	for	ADP	the	DET	 the
The inhabitants of Guatemala, for all their sophistication, lacked key elements of Old World technology, such as the use of iron and steel and functional wheels. The use of steel swords was perhaps the greatest technological advantage held by the Spanish, although the deployment of	of	ADP	cavalry	NOUN	 cavalry
The Queen of England, Margaret of Anjou, refused to accept an arrangement that deprived her son — Edward of Westminster — of his birthright. She had fled to Scotland after the Yorkist victory at Northampton; there she began raising an army, promising her followers the	the	DET	freedom	NOUN	 freedom
Rooting can then take place in an appropriate growing medium at a temperature of around 22° C (72° F). Grafting is used for species difficult to grow well in cultivation or that can not grow independently, such as some chlorophyll free forms with white	white	ADJ	,	PUNCT	,
The Snapdragon 808 and 810 were announced in April 2014. As of July 2014, the 810 contained the fastest processor in the Snapdragon line. The entry level Snapdragon 210, intended for low cost phones, was announced in September 2014. In February 2015, Qualcomm	Qualcomm	PROPN	re	AUX	 re
Statistics for 2002 indicate the population of ethnic Macedonians within the country as c. 1,300,000. On the other hand, as a legal term, it refers to all the citizens of the Republic of Macedonia, irrespective of their ethnic or religious affiliation. However, the preamble	preamble	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
Wensloff continued his tenure with the Miners during the 1939 season. By the end of July, he had a win loss record of 17 – 2. In his final season at the Class C level, Wensloff compiled a 26 – 4 record in 31 games,	,	PUNCT	pitching	VERB	 pitching
Tosin Cole was cast in the role, and said, " It's a privilege to work on something so big but so different. Everyone is fantastic to work with. I'm really excited. " He said that he found it exciting and weird to work	work	VERB	with	ADP	 with
This episode was Ceraulo's second writing credit, having co written season three episode " The Funcooker, and the first written episode by Chandrasekaran. This was McCarthy Miller's tenth directed episode. " Winter Madness " originally aired in the United States on January 21,	,	PUNCT	2010	NUM	 2010
Pembrokes were subsequently removed from the Vulnerable Native Breeds list in 2016. In 1933 the first Welsh Corgis were brought to the United States by American breeder Mrs. Lewis Roesler, for her Merriedip Kennels in the Berkshire Hills of Massachusetts. She had previously been well known for	for	ADP	breeding	VERB	 breeding
Further changes to Camouflage's design concept occurred for the 2005 CD remaster and DVD release. In 1971, Capitol executives had been concerned that the cover image was too " depressing " and uncommercial, according to Jon Taplin, who served as production manager at the Madison	Madison	PROPN	Square	PROPN	 Square
During the air campaign, a US cruiser was sunk in the Battle of Rennell Island. Two days later, Japanese aircraft sank a US destroyer near Guadalcanal. The actual withdrawal was carried out on the nights of 1, 4, and 7 February by destroyers.	.	PUNCT	Apart	ADV	 Apart
In the same year, he survived a revolt in Constantinople (the Nika riots), which solidified his power but ended with the deaths of a reported 30,000 to 35,000 rioters on his orders. The western conquests began in 533, as Justinian sent his general Belisarius	Belisarius	PROPN	to	PART	 to
The defense responded on the next drive with their second recovered fumble of the game. This time, Adrian Hubbard caused the Antonio Andrews fumble that was recovered by Brandon Ivory at the WKU 33 yard line. On the next play, McCarron threw a 33 yard touchdown	touchdown	NOUN	pass	NOUN	 pass
1895. p. 14. United States Congressional Serial Set. Washington, DC: U.S. Government Printing Office. 1913. p. 1125. Henry Wilson, History of the Rise and Fall of the Slave Power in America, 2 vols. (Boston: J. R. Osgood	Osgood	PROPN	and	CCONJ	 and
Film historian Richard E. Braff notes that Allen Curtis as the writer, but provides no directorial credits. The single reel production was released on October 25, 1913. The new Joker line was billed as one of the " best comedies yet " by advertisers wanting to	to	PART	draw	VERB	 draw
Thiem's land was eventually sold in the 1950s, to the Rossdale Property Co. Their subsequent attempts at selling the land were just as fruitless as those before, and once again the property changed hands to the Mount Osmond Heights Pty Ltd. The land was newly subdivided,	,	PUNCT	and	CCONJ	 and
In addition to the loss of life by uniformed soldiers, millions died in the superpowers ' proxy wars around the globe, most notably in Southeast Asia. Most of the proxy wars and subsidies for local conflicts ended along with the Cold War; interstate wars, ethnic	ethnic	ADJ	wars	NOUN	 wars
The four guards brigades of full time troops were the only units of the ZNG that were fully equipped with small arms, but even they lacked heavy weapons. A 10,000 strong special police force was established to replace the personnel transferred from the original special police units to	to	ADP	the	DET	 the
Max Pemberton, a psychiatrist, wrote in the Daily Telegraph that " this is a book to make you enraged... because it's about how big business puts profits over patient welfare, allows people to die because they don't want to disclose damning research evidence,	,	PUNCT	and	CCONJ	 and
The conference was titled " Using Targeted Killing to Fight the War on Terror: Philosophical, Moral, and Legal Challenges " and was organized by the University of Pennsylvania Law School. At the time of the book's initial print publication date, its editor Andrew Altman	Altman	PROPN	worked	VERB	 worked
Pope Pius IX died in 1878. The same year Marianna travelled to Perpignan in south western France, where she had heard Edgardo was preaching, and enjoyed an emotional reunion with her son, who was pleased to see her, but disappointed when she refused his pleas	pleas	NOUN	to	PART	 to
Running parallel to the Østfold Line, it will be engineered for 250 km / h (155 mph). Terminal stations will be Oslo Central Station and Ski Station. Most of the line, 19 kilometres (12 mi), will be in a single tunnel	tunnel	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
The USAF Air Research and Development Command's (ARDC) requirement for WS 110A asked for a chemical fuel bomber with Mach 0.9 cruising speed and " maximum possible " speed during a 1,000 nautical miles (1,852 km) entrance and exit from the target. The requirement	requirement	NOUN	also	ADV	 also
I was thinking what message I can give to the people of the country at this juncture. On 18 June, Kalam filed his nomination papers in the Indian Parliament, accompanied by Vajpayee and his senior Cabinet colleagues. The polling for the presidential election began on 15	15	NUM	July	PROPN	 July
Indeed, it is possible that the fleet had been dispatched to Cyprus in the first place because, with Persian attention focused on the Egyptian revolt, it seemed a favourable time to campaign in Cyprus. This would go some way towards explaining the apparently reckless decision of	of	ADP	the	DET	 the
The Oilers failed to win the division title in 1987 – 88 for the first time since the 1981 – 82 season, as they finished runner up to the Calgary Flames. Anderson scored 88 points during the season, and he was selected to play in the All	All	PROPN	Star	PROPN	 Star
Actress June Lockhart, who had appeared in the second of MGM's popular Lassie films (Son of Lassie), had been considered for the role of Ruth Martin before Leachman was signed. Lockhart however was working in New York at the time and declined the role	role	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
Daryus feels he has always been overlooked by his father in favor of his sister, so he travels to the town with his own intentions (" A Life Left Behind "). Faythe arrives in the town and finds Xander, who trusts her and leads her	her	PRON	to	ADP	 to
The series is most popular among young adults; the four books have won multiple awards, most notably the 2008 British Book Award for " Children's Book of the Year " for Breaking Dawn, while the series as a whole won the 2009 Kids ' Choice Award	Award	PROPN	for	ADP	 for
Apart from these more spectacular pieces of resistance, in some places chantry priests continued to say prayers and landowners to pay them to do so. Opposition to the removal of images was widespread — so much so that when during the Commonwealth, William Dowsing was commissioned to	to	ADP	the	DET	 the
Meetings for worship and study are held at Kingdom Halls, which are typically functional in character, and do not contain religious symbols. Witnesses are assigned to a congregation in whose " territory " they usually reside and attend weekly services they refer to as " meetings "	"	PUNCT	as	SCONJ	 as
The beneficiary's right to elect instead to enforce a lien to obtain repayment is an exception to the primary rue, exercisable where the fund is deficient and the claim is made against the wrongdoer and those claiming through him ". Where funds are mixed with those of	of	ADP	another	DET	 another
Similarly, number 48 — the end house at the southeast corner — has a hipped roofed south facing wing with a hipped roof, in which the entrance is set in a doorcase flanked by antae. The corner of the house is chamfered and has a blank two	two	NUM	window	NOUN	 window
In the resulting ecological vacuum, rodents and other Glires were allowed to evolve and diversify, taking the niches left by extinct multituberculates. The correlation between the spread of rodents and the demise of multituberculates is a controversial topic, not fully resolved. American and European multituberculate	multituberculate	NOUN	assemblages	NOUN	 assemblages
Hilson commented that " She gave 150 percent. [...] I don ’ t know any other mother that would do that. " Danja added that despite all her problems in her personal life, " As far as her work ethic, I haven't seen	seen	VERB	anybody	PRON	 anybody
If no close substitutes are available, the substitution effect will be small and the demand inelastic. Breadth of definition of a good The broader the definition of a good (or service), the lower the elasticity. For example, Company X's fish and chips	chips	NOUN	would	AUX	 would
Despite these factors and the fact that American companies would have struggled to produce the very large geared steam turbines needed for such big ships, the Curtis Company tried unsuccessfully to convince the Navy to reverse this decision. The Navy countered that doing so would mean a complete	complete	ADJ	rearrangement	NOUN	 rearrangement
He also successfully asserted his right to celebrate the king's new marriage, over attempts by Roger of Salisbury to officiate instead. Due to the damage from the stroke, Ralph was unable to perform the ceremony but, when Roger made an attempt to do so,	,	PUNCT	Ralph	PROPN	 Ralph
Unlike the appellate provision of the Judiciary Act of 1789, the appellate provision of the act of February 27, 1801 was not explicitly limited to civil cases (except insofar as it incorporated the former by reference). Further, because the D.C. circuit court was not	not	PART	constituted	VERB	 constituted
M.I.A. performed on the song " C.T.F.O. " on SebastiAn's album Total. On 21 April 2011, it was reported that M.I.A. had been in the studio with Chris Brown, the Cataracs, Swizz Beatz and Polow da Don. M.I.A. co wrote the song " Give	Give	VERB	Me	PRON	 Me
The southern pincer, 200 miles (320 km) to the south and separated by mountainous terrain and rivers, was to be undertaken by Major General Bernard Paget's Sickleforce that had landed at Åndalsnes. Soon after arriving, the 146th's leading battalions began to move	move	VERB	south	ADV	 south
By February 1999, Siemens had given up trying to fix the locomotives, although they had established that the main fault lay in the generators. The issue never reached the courts. On 5 May 1999, the companies announcement that they had reached an agreement for the	the	DET	trains	NOUN	 trains
Sun gives birth to a girl, who she names " Ji Yeon ", the name chosen by Jin. The final off island scenes establish that Jin and Sun's stories are separate; Jin's story is set in the past, two months into his marriage	marriage	NOUN	to	ADP	 to
The story deals with the themes of provincial rivalry between Ulster and Connacht, communal feasting and the heroic contest over the curadmír, and includes elements which show parallels with older Gaulish and pan Celtic traditions. Although apparently the quintessential Ulster Cycle story in many respects, the	the	DET	tale	NOUN	 tale
In the 930s the level of learning was still not high enough to supply enough literate English priests to fill the bishoprics. The generation educated in Æthelstan's reign, such as the future Bishop of Winchester, Æthelwold, who was educated at court, and Dunstan,	,	PUNCT	who	PRON	 who
One of a senior cadet's " most cherished possessions " are his Senior Boots. Only seniors are allowed to wear these knee high riding boots, and most consider receiving their boots to be a rite of passage. All Senior Boots are custom made to fit the	the	DET	cadet	NOUN	 cadet
It was nominated for two Gemini Awards and two Directors Guild of Canada Awards, winning in the " Outstanding Achievement in a Television Series – Children's " category. Archie " Snake " Simpson (played by Stefan Brogren), a former student of Degrassi High,	,	PUNCT	and	CCONJ	 and
During a behind the scenes video, Richardson described the process for the filming of the clip for " XO ", " You know, it's amazing cause in one point we were like in the arcade and I said to Beyoncé let's just do this.	.	PUNCT	You	PRON	 You
The farm also had a large barn near New York State Route 9A for supplies, including feed for the farm. Each barn had an ice shed to cool milk; ice was harvested primarily from Echo Lake (source of the Pocantico River), with Kinderogen Lake	Lake	PROPN	(	PUNCT	 (
Iorio, a fan of a band called Budgie, made deliberate similarities to Metallica's cover EP, The $5.98 E.P.: Garage Days Re Revisited — which included a cover version of a song by that band. Hermética performed at the " Metal en acción "	"	PUNCT	festival	NOUN	 festival
Hemings spent two years there. It is believed by most historians that Jefferson began a sexual relationship with Hemings either in France or soon after their return to Monticello. Hemings was a slave in Jefferson's house until his death. The historical question of whether Jefferson was	was	AUX	the	DET	 the
Persoonia lanceolata is an obligate outcrosser, that is, flowers need to be pollinated by pollen from other plants, and honeybees tend to forage more on different flowers of the same plant than between plants, as native bees do. Their abundance might be impacting the pollination	pollination	NOUN	success	NOUN	 success
Five said that they would take him first in the draft; Sid Gillman said of Manning, " this is a pro quarterback ". The Colts ' scouts initially favored Leaf, but the team's management and coaches were gradually won over by Manning's attitude,	,	PUNCT	particularly	ADV	 particularly
The raid of 2 May marked the start of an upsurge in Japanese aerial activity over northern Australia. A detachment of six No. 457 Squadron aircraft was deployed to Milingimbi Island on 9 May after the airfield there was attacked. This detachment intercepted subsequent raids on 10	10	NUM	and	CCONJ	 and
Cotto's camp also conceded the larger share of the purse to Pacquiao, who received a 65% share of pay per view buys, compared to Cotto's 35% share. On November 14, 2009, Pacquiao defeated Cotto by TKO 55 seconds into the 12th	12th	ADJ	round	NOUN	 round
The expedition turned out to be a disaster. Many men became sick and died from the poor conditions in the camps as the summer dragged on without any news of the fleet. Supplies ran short the men became mutinous and began deserting. Finally, in October Nicholson	Nicholson	PROPN	learned	VERB	 learned
While her game, Final Fantasy VI, features multiple characters with that fit the role of main character, Terra was chosen in the end so that there would a female fighter in Cosmos ' side. For villains, they decided to include warriors who had a strong	strong	ADJ	rivalry	NOUN	 rivalry
", " Weapons were used at his order. " At the time of the attack, the plane had been cruising at an altitude of about 35,000 feet (11,000 m). Tapes recovered from the airliner's cockpit voice recorder indicate that the crew were unaware	unaware	ADJ	that	SCONJ	 that
It is like the Kalpavriksha wish tree called madhu (Madhuca indica). Shami tree (Prosopis cineraria), found in desert areas of the country, called in local dialect as khejari or jaant is called Kalpavriksha. In Rajasthan desert area its roots go deep to	to	ADP	a	DET	 a
As presiding officer in the Senate, lieutenant governors also have partial control over what legislation will be considered, and influence on the legislative calendar. Unless a special session is called by the governor, the Senate meets for no more than 91 days in any two years	years	NOUN	period	NOUN	 period
Across Baja California Sur, the storm produced widespread precipitation, leading to flooding. On June 18, a tropical wave emerged off the western coastline of Africa and into the eastern Atlantic. Tracking steadily westward, it maintained a small but organized area of convection — shower	shower	NOUN	and	CCONJ	 and
At the same time, the level of skill required to produce quality work was recognized, and even considered a divine gift. Portraiture, which survives mainly in the medium of sculpture, was the most copious form of imperial art. Portraits during the Augustan period utilize	utilize	VERB	youthful	ADJ	 youthful
When the work was finished in 1866, Cleopatra's position changed to show her standing before Caesar with Apollodorus bent down beside her. Gérôme painted the scene based on the meeting between Cleopatra and Caesar written in the Life of Caesar by Greek historian Plutarch (c. AD	AD	PROPN	46	NUM	 46
The story is set in New York City after a virus has wiped out most of mankind, leaving Neville as the last human in New York, other than nocturnal mutants. Neville is immune to the virus, which was originally created to cure cancer. He works	works	VERB	to	PART	 to
The new comic opera was The Gondoliers, which opened in December 1889 and became one of the partnership's greatest successes. After Carte's first wife died in 1885, Carte married Helen Lenoir in 1888, who was, by this time, nearly as important in	in	ADP	managing	VERB	 managing
As Balzac puts it: " La passion est un martyre. " (" Passion is martyrdom. ") The intensity of passion, and the consequences of its manifestation, result in a stark contrast of vice and virtue. Bette and Valérie are pure wickedness,	,	PUNCT	and	CCONJ	 and
In the Weald, for example, agriculture centred on grazing animals on the woodland pastures, whilst in the Fens fishing and bird hunting was supplemented by basket making and peat cutting. In some locations, such as Lincolnshire and Droitwich, salt manufacture was important, including	including	VERB	production	NOUN	 production
The rise is so rapid that the submarine's bow rises high out of the water upon surfacing. Before executing this maneuver, the submarine was required to go to periscope depth to check for ships or dangerous obstacles on the surface. After completing the high speed maneuvers	maneuvers	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
Jack Brabham intended to retire at the end of the 1969 season and sold his share in the team to Tauranac. However, Rindt's late decision to remain with Lotus meant that Brabham drove for another year. He took his last win in the opening race of	of	ADP	the	DET	 the
And get a load of that score from Michael Giacchino, a perfect compliment to a delicious meal. " James Berardinelli of ReelViews gave the film three out of four stars, saying " For parents looking to spend time in a theater with their kids or adults who	who	PRON	want	VERB	 want
John Fine, on the other hand, suggests that the first peace between Athens and Persia was concluded in 450 – 449 BC, due to Pericles ' calculation that ongoing conflict with Persia was undermining Athens ' ability to spread its influence in Greece and the Aegean.	.	PUNCT	Kagan	PROPN	 Kagan
Within Perth, the highway is a six lane dual carriageway from The Causeway to Tonkin Highway near Perth Airport. It travels as a four lane single carriageway to Midland, with the second carriageway reappearing after Roe Highway, and continuing all the way to The Lakes at	at	ADP	Perth	PROPN	 Perth
The high casualty figures of the Union alarmed the North; Grant had lost a third of his army, and Lincoln asked what Grant's plans were, to which the general replied, " I propose to fight it out on this line if it takes all summer	summer	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
She reported to the 7th Fleet in October and performed patrol and escort duty in Leyte Gulf. In December 1944, while screening a convoy to San Pedro Bay in the Philippines, a Japanese bomber attacked the ship, killing two men and wounding seven. The next	next	ADJ	day	NOUN	 day
The revived Stone's reopened after Carte's death. In 1907, Carte married Lady Dorothy Milner Gathorne Hardy (1889 – 1977), the third and youngest daughter of the 2nd Earl of Cranbrook, with whom he had a daughter, Bridget, and a son	son	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
Throughout the 1930s the number of active personnel remained low and out of necessity training opportunities were limited. After 1936, however, the Army attempted to improve the conditions of service for its members and to reinvigorate the training program, while individual units began to undertake their	their	PRON	own	ADJ	 own
Jay Z wrote his entire verse, and helped produce some of the song's core instrumentals. In an interview with Fred Bronson, Carey spoke of her experience working with Jay Z: " It's fun when you can find someone that you can relate to and	and	CCONJ	that	SCONJ	 that
Quinoline Yellow (E104) is a commonly used coloring in the United Kingdom but is banned in Australia, Japan, Norway and the United States. Green S (E142) is prohibited in many countries, for it is known to cause hyperactivity, asthma, urticaria	urticaria	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
Reportedly, all of those under scrutiny are now rarely seen in public and some have apparently left the country. They are also reportedly the subjects of an ongoing investigation to determine if any of their business practices warrant criminal prosecution. Former Prime Minister Davíð Oddsson has claimed	claimed	VERB	that	SCONJ	 that
Some of these documents were displayed again in a 2015 exhibition. In 2015, Parliament planned a year long programme of events called " Parliament in the Making ", coordinated with Parliament Week, including events to mark the 750th anniversary of Montfort's Parliament. The BBC	BBC	PROPN	broadcast	VERB	 broadcast
Muliyadi dubbed Lat the " Father of Contemporary Malaysian Cartoons ", for being the first Malaysian cartoonist to achieve global recognition and for helping to improve the industry's image in their country. The effects of Lat's works were not confined to the artistic sector. In	In	ADP	the	DET	 the
The first of its kind in the region, the Center provides a unique opportunity for individuals to take an active approach to a healthier life. Truyu Aesthetic Center, with multiple locations in Grand Forks, East Grand Forks and across the region, offers a variety of	of	ADP	surgical	ADJ	 surgical
On October 2012, the weight limit was officially repealed when 237 lb (108 kg) Rob Van Dam challenged for, and eventually won, the title at Bound for Glory. In March 2013, the X Division was given a new set of rules, which	which	PRON	meant	VERB	 meant
With the death of Lamachus in battle some time later, command of the Sicilian Expedition fell into the hands of Nicias, whom modern scholars have judged to be an inadequate military leader. After his disappearance at Thurii, Alcibiades quickly contacted the Spartans, " promising to	to	PART	render	VERB	 render
Blacker called the weapon the ' Baby Bombard ', and presented it to the War Office in 1941. However, when the weapon was tested it proved to have a host of problems; a War Office report of June 1941 stated that the casing was flimsy and	and	CCONJ	the	DET	 the
The Hawking radiation for an astrophysical black hole is predicted to be very weak and would thus be exceedingly difficult to detect from Earth. A possible exception, however, is the burst of gamma rays emitted in the last stage of the evaporation of primordial black holes.	.	PUNCT	Searches	NOUN	 Searches
Before the trial could take place, however, Stephen died, and the trial never took place. William was buried in York Minster and within a few months of his death, miracles were attributed to his intervention and a sweet smell came from his tomb when it	it	PRON	was	AUX	 was
" Eugene Cernan recalled Armstrong's low fuel approach to the Moon: " When the gauge says empty we all know there's a gallon or two left in the tank! " Diana Krall sang the song " Fly Me to the Moon ". Michael Collins led	led	VERB	prayers	NOUN	 prayers
Concord's coal bunkers could carry up to 400 long tons (410 t) of the fuel, and were shielded from " shot and shell ". At a near top speed of 16 knots, the ship could cover 2,800 nautical miles (5,200 km) in	in	ADP	6	NUM	 6
The ball will only travel at 15°, 30°, or 45° angles. If the ball hits a brick, the brick disappears and the ball ricochets in a different direction at the same angle. The ball's speed depends on the type of brick	brick	NOUN	that	PRON	 that
The current curator is Phil Pritchard. The Hockey Hall of Fame is led by Lanny McDonald, Chairman of the Board, and Chief Executive Officer, Jeff Denommé. It is operated as a non profit business called the " Hockey Hall of Fame and Museum " (	(	PUNCT	HHFM	PROPN	HHFM
Despite taking early wickets during Essex's innings — at one stage having the visitors 12 / 3 — the batting of John Maunders, James Foster and Tim Phillips propelled Essex past Somerset's total with five balls remaining. Two further victories ensured that Somerset entered their final	final	ADJ	match	NOUN	 match
Public sociology refers to an approach to the discipline which seeks to transcend the academy in order to engage with wider audiences. It is perhaps best understood as a style of sociology rather than a particular method, theory, or set of political values. This approach is	is	AUX	primarily	ADV	 primarily
" Following the film's screening at the Mumbai International Film Festival, the American film director Oliver Stone praised Enthiran's originality. Conversely, Joe Leydon of Variety believed that Shankar " riffs on everything " from Frankenstein to The Terminator, but suggested that the film was	was	AUX	an	DET	 an
The designers of " Package E " of the Southern Suburbs Railway (which included the Narrows Rail Bridge) were GHD, Coffey Geosciences and Wyche Consulting. The eastern side of the existing northbound (2001) bridge was also strengthened to accommodate the northbound railway track.	.	PUNCT	Construction	NOUN	 Construction
Allied and Japanese accounts of the gunnery action are difficult to reconcile, particularly as neither of the Allied destroyers recorded any times after firing their torpedoes at 03: 18. Shirayuki fired 18 rounds at Vampire at a range of 4,500 yards (4,100 m) before the	the	DET	muzzle	NOUN	 muzzle
Fort Ripley was built in 1848 – 1849 in central Minnesota near modern Little Falls. It was built to provide a military presence on the frontier near the new Winnebago reservation created as the tribe was moved from Iowa. In addition it helped to serve as a buffer	buffer	NOUN	between	ADP	 between
His corps included a company of over 100 men led by Josué Dubois Berthelot de Beaucours that included Jacques Testard de Montigny and the Abenaki war leader Escumbuit, both of whom had participated in Pierre Le Moyne d'Iberville's 1696 raid against English settlements. While most of the	the	DET	company	NOUN	 company
The prevention of poisoning is a significant public health issue. Domestic carbon monoxide poisoning can be prevented by early detection with the use of household carbon monoxide detectors. Carbon monoxide poisoning is the most common type of fatal poisoning in many countries. Historically, it was also	also	ADV	commonly	ADV	 commonly
The gym served as a refuge to children in the area. Before his heavyweight championship tenure, George Foreman beat Sylvester Dullaire at Rosecroft on July 14, 1969. Then undefeated boxer Seth Mitchell also fought at Rosecroft in 2009. Rosecroft made news when it decided to	to	PART	host	VERB	 host
The only punishment that shall be inflicted by this Committee is death. Although the vigilance committee started as a small secret institution in Virginia City, knowledge of it soon spread in the territory and membership grew. As a secret organization, exact accounts of membership vary,	,	PUNCT	but	CCONJ	 but
In the 2001 – 02 season, Evra switched to the number 17 shirt and was promoted to the first team on a permanent basis. In the team's first league match of the season against Laval, he started in the team's 2 – 1 win.	.	PUNCT	Towards	ADP	 Towards
On 12 November 2014, its lander Philae successfully landed on the comet's surface, the first time a spacecraft has ever landed on such an object in history. Approximately once a decade, a comet becomes bright enough to be noticed by a casual observer, leading	leading	VERB	such	ADJ	 such
Mabel Tolkien taught her two children at home. Ronald, as he was known in the family, was a keen pupil. She taught him a great deal of botany and awakened in him the enjoyment of the look and feel of plants. Young Tolkien liked to	to	PART	draw	VERB	 draw
Alabama gained the needed yardage and more on a 24 yard pass from Zow to Alexander at the Tech 32 yard line. On first down, Alexander was tackled for a four yard loss. Zow regained the lost yards with a completion to Alexander at the Tech 25	25	NUM	yard	NOUN	 yard
Wilson ordered Thompson to withdraw twice, but the latter refused to obey and continued to fire on the advancing North Koreans. Thompson told Wilson he was dying and was not going to move back. Wilson then called forward two non commissioned officers, who unsuccessfully attempted to	to	PART	remove	VERB	 remove
The cases remain one of Northern California's most infamous unsolved crimes. Fincher, Vanderbilt and producer Bradley J. Fischer spent 18 months conducting their own investigation and research into the Zodiac murders. Fincher employed the digital Thomson Viper Filmstream camera to photograph the film. However,	,	PUNCT	Zodiac	PROPN	 Zodiac
The game's director, Masahiro Sakurai, said that this mode would be more " fleshed out " than the single player modes in previous Smash Bros. titles. Shigeru Miyamoto has explained that Sakurai always wanted to have a deep single player game, but he wanted Sakurai	Sakurai	PROPN	to	PART	 to
The expedition had formative consequences for the English both financially and on the future of English exploration. By virtue of the Iberian Union that joined the crowns of Portugal and Spain in 1580, the Anglo Portuguese Treaty of 1373 had fallen in abeyance. As the Anglo –	–	PUNCT	Spanish	PROPN	 Spanish
Press response to the album was mixed. Kerrang! were brutal towards the band for all of their review, with Ben Meyers referring to them as a " Radio Friendly Unit Shifter ", including comparisons to a " Pastel box ". Grant later said in a	a	DET	documentary	NOUN	 documentary
On November 14, 2009, " Broken Hearted Girl " reached number twenty seven on the UK Singles Chart. Starting on November 21, 2009, the single descended the chart for twelve weeks, last appearing on November 19, 2009. It has been certified silver	silver	NOUN	by	ADP	 by
... A theoretical understanding of such heuristic programming, however, is still very much wanting. " Recent scientific advances have not significantly changed that assessment. The game of checkers was solved in 2007, but it has roughly the square root of the number of positions in	in	ADP	chess	NOUN	 chess
It became a fourth consecutive top ten single for Swift on the United States ' chart Hot Country Songs and was certified double platinum by the RIAA. " Should've Said No " was released as the fifth and final single from the album. In the United States	States	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
Young people started moving away to seek better paying opportunities elsewhere, eventually followed by their parents. Both of the World Wars had a major impact on Stroma, which was only a dozen miles from the Royal Navy's chief base at Scapa Flow in Orkney. Six	Six	NUM	islanders	NOUN	 islanders
Chin moved an amendment to the motion introduced by Jeyaretnam so that it read: " That this House (1) values the importance of the Rule of Law; and (2) commends the Government for upholding the Rule of Law and ensuring that it is fully	fully	ADV	observed	VERB	 observed
... But the mythology overtook the monsters following the revelation of a parallel universe. By its third season, Fringe was overpopulated by multiple versions of every character. Unfortunately, that increasing narrative complexity has steadily pigeonholed it as a niche show. " In 2015, Bustle	Bustle	PROPN	declared	VERB	 declared
As installed, the steam turbines could generate 17,500 shaft horsepower (13,000 kW) and move the ship at speeds up to 29.5 knots (54.6 km / h), though Wadsworth reached a top speed of 30.67 knots (56.80 km / h) during her trials	trials	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
Simon Parkin of Game Set Watch agreed, believing the game is best enjoyed when one thinks like a child as " free of the dry, efficient logic of adulthood, a child ’ s imagination also opens the game up in ways beyond most adults ’ reach "	"	PUNCT	.	PUNCT	.
The initiative was designed to assist franchisees in restructuring their businesses to meet financial obligations, focus on restaurant operational excellence, reinvest in their operations, and return to profitability. Individual franchisees took advantage of the AmeriKing failure; one of BK's regional owners, Miami based	based	VERB	Al	PROPN	 Al
The years of Mary's reign were consistently wet. The persistent rain and subsequent flooding led to famine. Another problem was the decline of the Antwerp cloth trade. Despite Mary's marriage to Philip, England did not benefit from Spain's enormously lucrative trade with the	the	DET	New	PROPN	 New
As part of his attempt to balance the budget, Corzine decreased funding to most programs and localities including state universities and colleges. The first of these decreases came with the 2007 budget. Rutgers University and other New Jersey state universities have raised tuition, cut hundreds of	of	ADP	sections	NOUN	 sections
Every fit male Turkish citizen otherwise not barred is required to serve in the military for a period ranging from three weeks to a year, dependent on education and job location. Turkey does not recognise conscientious objection and does not offer a civilian alternative to military service.	.	PUNCT	Turkey	PROPN	 Turkey
There, meetings were held from 30 January to 2 February 1942. Present were Bader, Professor Josif Matl, and Colonel Erich Kewisch for the Germans, Dangić and Pero Đukanović for the Chetniks, and Nedić and Aćimović for the Serbian puppet government. Eventually, the	the	DET	involved	ADJ	 involved
Ofcom also received over 2,868 complaints from viewers about " raunchy " dance routines from Rihanna and Christina Aguilera during the final. Although an ITV spokesperson denied the routines were inappropriate, Cowell was warned by ITV to " cut the sleaze ". In April 2011, Ofcom	Ofcom	PROPN	ruled	VERB	 ruled
Jameson placed the weapons under a canvas cover in Maguire's camp, stayed at the kraal for ten days, and then went back south with Maguire in tow, leaving the rifles behind. A few weeks later, Lobengula dictated a letter for Fairbairn to write to	to	ADP	the	DET	 the
She is also shown backstage, smearing her make up, and vomiting in the bathroom. Another contestant is pictured eating cotton. During the bridge of the song, the contestant is then visible at a hospital where a plastic surgeon injects botox into her face. In	In	ADP	the	DET	 the
She was a maid and sang in a church choir; he worked for a tire company. Horace had a much older half brother, Eugene Fletcher, from his mother's first marriage, and was the third child for his parents, after John, who lived	lived	VERB	to	ADP	 to
Its eastern (outer) wall is not flat, incorporating a design feature known as " hornwork ", which opens the field of fire from the rifle holes. Some of the firing holes were bricked in during the 1930s; this has been only partly rectified during	during	ADP	restoration	NOUN	 restoration
' Such concordats allowed the Catholic Church to organize youth groups, make ecclesiastical appointments, run schools, hospitals, and charities, or even conduct religious services. They also ensured that canon law would be recognized within some spheres (e.g., church decrees of nullity in	in	ADP	the	DET	 the
On April 6, 2007 Simon Property Group, Inc. announced the joint acquisition of Mills Corporation along with Farallon Capital Management for $25.25 per share of common stock. In March 2006, contractors halted construction because of fears that they will not be paid. This caused	caused	VERB	Morningstar	PROPN	 Morningstar
To their north, the troops of the 2nd Infantry Brigade laid down suppressing fire on the supporting Ottoman troops at Johnston's Jolly, while the 3rd Infantry and 2nd Light Horse Brigades held the line opposite Sniper's Ridge. Half the force went via the prepared tunnels	tunnels	NOUN	and	CCONJ	 and
He continued to give priority to education, public safety and help for the County's most vulnerable. Among his initiatives was the formation of a blue ribbon Pepco Work Group to critique the utility's performance shortfalls during summer and winter storms and suggest improvements. The 400	400	NUM	page	NOUN	 page
One of the larger centres of the cluster, Gordo is associated with a lava field on its western side that is dated 4.9 mya. Cerro Puquíos and Cerro Negro (5.81 – 5.28 mya) lie on the southern side of the cluster, and glacial cirques cutting	cutting	VERB	their	PRON	 their
In 1974, at the age of 90, Schwester Selma was named a " Worthy of Jerusalem " by Jerusalem Mayor Teddy Kollek. A December 29, 1975 TIME cover story named her as one of the world's " living saints " in a list that included	included	VERB	Mother	PROPN	 Mother
" Claire also manipulates First Lady Patricia Walker (Joanna Going) into believing that her husband is having an affair in order to distract President Walker from Frank's machinations. She shows remorse for her actions only once. When another of McGinnis ' victims, Megan Hennessy	Hennessy	PROPN	(	PUNCT	 (
The situation worsened throughout the match as pacemen Alan Davidson and Pat Crawford were hindered by stomach bugs and hip strains respectively during the game. Leg spinner Richie Benaud could not bowl for part of the match after being affected by a fever and left arm orthodox spinner John	John	PROPN	Wilson	PROPN	 Wilson
In 1511 the Spanish caravel Santa María de la Barca set sail along the Central American coast under the command of Pedro de Valdivia. The ship was sailing to Santo Domingo from Darién to inform the colonial authorities there of ongoing conflict between conquistadors Diego de Nicuesa and Vasco	Vasco	PROPN	Nuñez	PROPN	 Nuñez
These processes may contribute to the relatively low density and melting point of einsteinium. Further, owing to the small size of the available samples, the melting point of einsteinium was often deduced by observing the sample being heated inside an electron microscope. Thus the surface effects	effects	NOUN	in	ADP	 in
In 1992, Sheen's performance in Romeo and Juliet at the Royal Exchange received a MEN Theatre Award nomination and led theatre critic Michael Coveney to declare him " the most exciting young actor of his generation... a volatile, electrifying and technically fearless performer ". His	His	PRON	1993	NUM	 1993
It was put on display at the Brazilian Football Confederation headquarters in Rio de Janeiro in a cabinet with a front of bullet proof glass. On 19 December 1983, the wooden rear of the cabinet was pried open with a crowbar and the cup was stolen again.	.	PUNCT	Four	NUM	 Four
The Band of the Royal Marines provided a rendition of the " Thunderbirds March " both before and after the screening. The release of Thunderbirds Are Go in December 1966 was one element of that year's " Thunderbirds Christmas " which witnessed a merchandising scramble to market tie	tie	NOUN	in	ADP	 in
Brent Faulkner from PopMatters wrote that the song " isn't too shabby, filled with minimalistic ideas and pummeling drums. " Chris Maguire of AltSounds criticized the influences of U2 featured in the track, while Andy Baber from musicOMH called it a " corny ballad " which	which	PRON	makes	VERB	 makes
On 2 March 2014, Nasri scored the second goal as Manchester City defeated Sunderland 3 – 1 to win the 2014 Football League Cup Final. For his performance in the final, Nasri received the Alan Hardaker Trophy, given to the Man of the Match. In	In	ADP	a	DET	 a
In November 2007, a California appeals court ruled that " it is not the job of the local police to enforce the federal drug laws. " The U.S. Supreme Court denied an appeal by the city of Garden Grove in December 2008, upholding the decision. The	The	DET	case	NOUN	 case
At the 1961 National Film Awards, Mughal e Azam won the National Film Award for Best Feature Film in Hindi. In the 1961 Filmfare Awards, Mughal e Azam was nominated in seven categories: Best Film, Best Director (Asif), Best Actress (Madhubala	Madhubala	PROPN	)	PUNCT	)
Mithridates was finally defeated by Pompey in the night time Battle of the Lycus. The Mediterranean had at this time fallen into the hands of pirates, largely from Cilicia. The pirates not only strangled shipping lanes but also plundered many cities on the coasts of Greece and	and	CCONJ	Asia	PROPN	 Asia
It is even possible that the first termites emerged during the Carboniferous. Termites are thought to be the descendants of the genus Cryptocercus. The folded wings of the fossil wood roach Pycnoblattina, arranged in a convex pattern between segments 1a and 2a, resemble those seen in	in	ADP	Mastotermes	PROPN	 Mastotermes
Its shell is sold as a souvenir and used as a decorative object. Historically, Native Americans and indigenous Caribbean peoples used parts of the shell to create various tools. International trade in queen conch is regulated under the Convention on International Trade in Endangered Species of Wild	Wild	PROPN	Fauna	PROPN	 Fauna
Wyatt and the group he guarded were regarded as claim jumpers and were confronted by armed representatives of the other company. King wrote, " it was the nerviest thing he had ever seen ". With guns pulled, Wyatt came out of his tent with a Winchester	Winchester	PROPN	rifle	NOUN	 rifle
The book's plot was split into two films, the first of which was released on November 18, 2011. The filming of Breaking Dawn began in November 2010. The first part follows Bella and Edward as they get married and then learn that Bella has become	become	VERB	pregnant	ADJ	 pregnant
With the November 1950 issue the page count was cut to 112, and the price went up to 25 cents. The page count was reduced to 96 for one issue in March 1952, but then returned to 112 until Summer 1954, when it was again reduced	reduced	VERB	to	ADP	 to
In some locations, the rainfall led to flooding, which prevented farmers from harvesting crops. Elsewhere throughout the state, the storm failed to relieve severe drought conditions as it was initially hoped to. The passage of the storm left a portion of North Carolina Highway 12	12	NUM	on	ADP	 on
In verses 4 and 5, the Devi Upanishad mirrors the opening verses of the Devi sukta hymn of the Rigveda. The first five verses of the Devi Upanishad resonate with ideas from the Mahanarayana Upanishad and the Shvetashvatara Upanishad. There, states June McDaniel – a Professor	Professor	PROPN	of	ADP	 of
The boiler uptakes were re routed and the existing openings were plated over. The existing 1.5 inch (38 mm) upper deck became the floor of the hangar deck and a new superstructure was built above it. The flight deck was 1 inch (25 mm)	)	PUNCT	thick	ADJ	 thick
The series portrayed Reason as a newspaper editor who brought criminals to justice without the use of guns. This is Alice, which aired from 1958 to 1959, starred nine year old Patty Ann Gerrity as Alice Holliday, a girl who lived in the fictional town of	of	ADP	River	PROPN	 River
Numerous etiologies of subcutaneous emphysema have been described. Pneumomediastinum was first recognized as a medical entity by Laennec, who reported it as a consequence of trauma in 1819. Later, in 1939, at The Johns Hopkins Hospital, Dr. Louis Hamman described it in postpartum woman	woman	NOUN	;	PUNCT	;
The second most prevalent birthplace was the United Kingdom at 9.3%, followed by New Zealand at 3.6%. 6.4% of Hamersley's population reported one or both parents of Italian birth, with the strongest concentration in the Vickers Street district (13.4%).	.	PUNCT	Other	ADJ	 Other
In search of funds and needing to force another decisive battle, Alcibiades left Notium and sailed to help Thrasybulus in the siege of Phocaea. Alcibiades was aware the Spartan fleet was nearby, so he left nearly eighty ships to watch them under the command of his personal	personal	ADJ	helmsman	NOUN	 helmsman
By evening, McKinley too knew he was dying, " It is useless, gentlemen. I think we ought to have prayer. " His friends and family were admitted, and the First Lady sobbed over him, " I want to go, too. I	I	PRON	want	VERB	 want
Vettel won the race and the drivers ' championship and Red Bull Racing the constructors ' championship. Webber drove the last four races of the season with a small fracture in his right shoulder, the result of a mountain bike accident. At the 2011 British Grand Prix	Prix	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
" Although Surat and Tool were not opposed to the English dubbing, they felt that Isaac's accent sounded weird and " might get on someone's nerves. " In his review of the series, Martin called them as the " most entertaining characters " of the	the	DET	series	NOUN	 series
The club's first silverware at Windsor arrived in the 1906 – 07 season, with the club lifting both the league title and the County Antrim Shield. This would be the first of a trio of league titles, with the 1907 – 08 and 1908 – 09	09	NUM	league	NOUN	 league
When searching for a composer to work on the game's music, they realised that many of the compiled tracks were composed by Gustavo Santaolalla. Straley described Santaolalla's music as " organic instrumentation, minimalist, dissonance and resonance with the sounds ". As a result	result	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
Johnson said that Barnes had shown a " general reluctance for anything savouring of authority ". The misdeeds included taking pictures as the Australian team was presented to the royal family on the playing arena during the Test match at Lord's, asking permission to travel alone in	in	ADP	England	PROPN	 England
The ancient Egyptians, Greeks and Romans invoked their gods with offerings of salt and water and some people think this to be the origin of Holy Water in the Christian faith. In Aztec mythology, Huixtocihuatl was a fertility goddess who presided over salt and salt water.	.	PUNCT	Salt	NOUN	 Salt
The aliens take a keen interest examining the human response to this crisis, and compare notes to previous reactions by Klingons and Cardassians. They are members of an advanced species looking to make " first contact ". So far, based on 10,000 years of observations,	,	PUNCT	no	DET	 no
These trains have regenerative brakes, returning around 20 per cent of their energy to the network. With a top speed of 62 mph (100 km / h), a 7 car S Stock train has a capacity of 865 passengers, compared to 739 for the	the	DET	six	NUM	 six
In 2005 the new Budongo chimp house was unveiled, along with the Living Links to Human Evolution Centre, Britain's first primate behaviour research site. In a scientific breakthrough in 2006 chimpanzees at Edinburgh were found to use word like vocal labels for food. In late	late	ADJ	2005	NUM	 2005
" Unfortunately, it was a base without a fleet. The British Home Fleet was stationed in Europe and the plan was for it to sail quickly to Singapore when needed. However, after World War II broke out in 1939, the Fleet was fully occupied with	with	ADP	defending	VERB	 defending
North Carolina averages 31 tornadoes a year with May seeing the most tornadoes on average a month with 5. June, July and August all have an average of 3 tornadoes with an increase to 4 average tornadoes a month in September. It is through September and into	into	ADP	early	ADJ	 early
In November 1972, Arneson and David Megarry traveled to Lake Geneva to meet with Gary Gygax. Arneson thought that Gygax would be interested in Megarry's Dungeon! boardgame, which Megarry had developed as a player in Blackmoor, and Gygax had expressed a desire to play	play	VERB	a	DET	 a
Portland historian E. Kimbark MacColl writes that among Portland bankers the banker who suffered the heaviest loss was Frank Dekum, who died in 1894, partially from the strain of the depression. With David P. Thompson's help, he had managed to salvage enough out of the	the	DET	wreckage	NOUN	 wreckage
The band members were outspokenly critical of peer to peer file sharing networks, due to the negative financial impact on artists dependent on success in record sales. During an interview with NY Rock in 2000, Keenan stated, " I think there are a lot of other	other	ADJ	industries	NOUN	 industries
As a result, he developed a deep understanding of its shifting patterns and dynamics. Peter Gzowski says that the best of the best athletes in all sports understand the game so well, and in such detail, that they can instantly recognize and capitalize upon emerging patterns	patterns	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
After her mother announced she would not run for re election in 2014, Davis filed as a Democratic candidate for county clerk. At a candidates ' forum, Davis stated she felt she was best qualified for the position because of her 26 years of experience in the	the	DET	clerk	NOUN	 clerk
At one point, Sonic, Tails, and Knuckles find a Chao garden and one Chao followed Sonic home, and after spending time around his Roboticized father came to resemble Omochao. However, Eggman destroys the garden, and the Chao migrate to a lake. Much	Much	ADV	later	ADV	 later
During the beginning of the match, Triple H gained the advantage over Orton, as he lifted his knee and hit Orton in the mouth, thus Orton coming up bleeding from the mouth. Orton came back with a kick to the gut before starting his prolonged attack	attack	NOUN	and	CCONJ	 and
Populous: The Beginning supports multiplayer, either by modem connection (limited to two players), IPX, or over the Internet through an external matchmaking service. The game's official web site provided a lobby service until January 8, 2004. Populous: The Beginning	Beginning	NOUN	allows	VERB	 allows
Rupert travelled on to Vienna, where he attempted to claim the £15,000 compensation allocated to him under the Peace of Westphalia from the Emperor. Emperor Ferdinand III warmly welcomed him, but was unable to pay such a sum immediately — instead, he would have to	to	PART	pay	VERB	 pay
At the 2000 World Championships, Ohno finished ninth overall. In the 2000 – 2001 season, Ohno won his first World Cup overall title, regained his National title, and finished second overall in the World Championships, losing to Chinese skater Li Jiajun. In December	December	PROPN	2001	NUM	 2001
This performance was its eighth in the history of the Proms. The Eighth Symphony's two parts combine the sacred text of the 9th century Latin hymn Veni creator spiritus with the secular text from the closing passages from Goethe's 19th century dramatic poem Faust. Despite the	the	DET	evident	ADJ	 evident
He coached linebackers for the Stallions for the team's (and league's) entire three year existence. In 1985, outside linebacker Herb Spencer made the All League team. When the team quit paying its coaches on New Year's Day in 1986, Mitchell returned	returned	VERB	to	ADP	 to
Structures 49, 50, 51, 52 and 53 form a small group on the west side of the terrace, bordered on the north by Terrace 9. Structure 42 is the tallest structure in the North Group, measuring about 11.5 metres (38 ft) high	high	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
According to Wilkie, " years of cooperation from both popes and cardinal protectors had taught a wilful Henry VIII to expect to have his way over the church of England ". Clement VII died on 25 September before learning of the denial of papal authority on 31 March	March	PROPN	by	ADP	 by
As with the original film, Patricia Cullen composed the score for Care Bears Movie II. The soundtrack album was released in LP format by Kid Stuff Records. Los Angeles musicians Dean and Carol Parks were credited as producers, writers and performers of the film's six	six	NUM	songs	NOUN	 songs
The additron based computer, labeled as " Bertie the Brain " and subtitled " The Electronic Wonder by Rogers Majestic ", was a success at the two week exhibition, with attendees lining up to play it. Kates stayed by the machine when possible, adjusting the	the	DET	difficulty	NOUN	 difficulty
He missed the February 2 game against Richmond with post concussive symptoms. Fernández became a fan favorite at Temple. Every time he made a three pointer against Bowling Green, the Temple student section chanted " Ole, ole, ole! " Seton Hall fans were not	not	PART	so	ADV	 so
Tubman was born Araminta " Minty " Ross to slave parents, Harriet (" Rit ") Green and Ben Ross. Rit was owned by Mary Pattison Brodess (and later her son Edward). Ben was held by Anthony Thompson, who became Mary's second	second	ADJ	husband	NOUN	 husband
Mike Sector would be attacked by the 7th Canadian Infantry Brigade, with the Royal Winnipeg Rifles, The Canadian Scottish Regiment and the 1st Hussars in support. The 7th Brigade was to take Courseulles and drive inland. Nan Sector would be assaulted by the Regina Rifle Regiment	Regiment	PROPN	of	ADP	 of
He then considers the place of nonhuman animals in utilitarian, liberal, communitarian, Marxist and feminist political theory, concluding that no single tradition is sufficient to account for the place nonhuman animals should have in politics, but that all have something worthwhile to offer to the	the	DET	debate	NOUN	 debate
Marden was a strong believer in equal opportunity in education, and has been described as an " early feminist ". He rejected the idea that PLC was to be merely a finishing school for the daughters of the wealthy, and was once quoted as saying: I	I	PRON	am	AUX	 am
France Cukjati, the President of the National Assembly, called the election on 20 June 2007. Seven candidates competed in the election's first round on 21 October 2007; three entered the race as independent candidates, the other four were supported by political parties. Several	Several	ADJ	political	ADJ	 political
Barea was born in the Puerto Rican municipality of Mayagüez in 1984 to parents Marta (née Mora) and Jaime Barea. Growing up in Mayagüez, Barea was a member of Boy Scouts of America Troop 790 for seven years. In 2001, Barea starting playing basketball	basketball	NOUN	for	ADP	 for
On 7 December 1941, aircraft from these six carriers attacked the United States Pacific Fleet at their home base of Pearl Harbor, sinking four U.S. Navy battleships and numerous other vessels. Following the attack and the declaration of war by the United States, Kirishima returned to	to	ADP	Japan	PROPN	 Japan
As a result, in May 1971, the Air Force Prototype Study Group was established, with Boyd a key member, and two of its six proposals would be funded, one being the Lightweight Fighter (LWF). The Request for Proposals issued on 6 January	January	PROPN	1972	NUM	 1972
Their disciplined retreat, described by Burgoyne as " no flight; it was even covered with bravery and military skill ", was so effective that most of the wounded were saved; most of the prisoners taken by the British were mortally wounded. General Putnam attempted to	to	PART	reform	VERB	 reform
For example, they resolved the fraction two fifths into the sum of one third + one fifteenth. Standard tables of values facilitated this. Some common fractions, however, were written with a special glyph — the equivalent of the modern two thirds is shown on the	the	DET	right	NOUN	 right
The game was also witness to a piece of Canucks history as Henrik Sedin recorded two assists to pass Markus Naslund as the franchise's all time leading scorer, with 757 points. After recording the record setting point, Sedin was given a standing ovation that carried on	on	ADP	as	SCONJ	 as
This line passed 10 miles (16 km) north of Kigye. Coulter was to attack as soon as possible with Task Force Jackson to gain the first high ground north of Kigye. The US 21st Infantry Regiment was moving to a position north of Taegu on the	the	DET	morning	NOUN	 morning
One advertisement for the film gave the film's length as 3,000 feet. Richard R. Flores analyzed the lost film and notes that Méliès ' production was claimed to have been 10 minutes in length and that it could not make a significant depiction of the battle. The	The	DET	historical	ADJ	 historical
The headline reads, " Who Killed Jessica? " The child pilot was also featured on the cover of People. Lloyd Dubroff, Jessica's father, was Lisa Blair Hathaway's common law husband when Jessica and her brother were born. In 1990 he separated from	from	ADP	Hathaway	PROPN	 Hathaway
They were also deployed briefly to the Baltic but saw no action. In 1915, the ships were again withdrawn from service and relegated to secondary duties. Kaiser Wilhelm der Grosse was used as a depot ship in Kiel and eventually a torpedo target ship. After the	the	DET	war	NOUN	 war
FC Barcelona, also known simply as Barcelona and familiarly as Barça, is based in Barcelona, Catalonia, Spain. The team was founded in 1899 by a group of Swiss, English and Spanish footballers led by Joan Gamper. The club played amateur football until 1910	1910	NUM	in	ADP	 in
" A world tour in support of the album was launched in late 1992, with Pantera and White Zombie as supporting acts. The tour included a North American leg in early 1993, with Stone Temple Pilots as the opening act. One month into the leg,	,	PUNCT	the	DET	 the
The Driscoll's lived on Killbuck Creek in northeast Ogle County. Driscoll and his son Taylor had both been convicted of arson while they lived in Ohio. Campbell's ascension to the lead Regulator post was met with hostiity from the Driscoll camp. William Driscoll immediately sent	sent	VERB	Campbell	PROPN	 Campbell
She was introduced in the show's fifth season as an attending surgeon and the new chief of pediatric surgery. Originally contracted to appear in three episodes, Capshaw's contract was extended to the remainder of the fifth season, with her becoming a series regular in the	the	DET	sixth	ADJ	 sixth
Kawachi's magazines had been inspected in January – February 1918, however, and no problems were discovered, which made that possibility less likely. The commission made recommendations on tighter control of production and handling of cordite that were successfully adopted by the navy. The Japanese	Japanese	ADJ	Navy	PROPN	 Navy
Aaliyah and Jones would make prank phone calls to what Aaliyah referred to as " public establishments ". At the time of her death, she and Jones were planning on starting a clothing line, benefited by Aaliyah's popularity as a " style setter " and she	she	PRON	sought	VERB	 sought
The band enlisted Paul Kolderie and Sean Slade, who had worked with US indie bands Pixies and Dinosaur Jr., to produce their debut album, recorded quickly in an Oxford studio in 1992. With the release of the " Creep " single later that year, Radiohead	Radiohead	PROPN	began	VERB	 began
Like other thresher sharks, nearly half its total length consists of the elongated upper lobe of the tail fin. Its common name comes from its enormous eyes, which are placed in keyhole shaped sockets that allow them to be rotated upward. This species can also be	be	AUX	distinguished	VERB	 distinguished
IN WITNESS WHEREOF we have caused these Our Letters to be made Patent. WITNESS Ourself at... the... day of... in the... year of Our Reign. By The Queen Herself Signed with Her Own Hand. The letters patent may also be made in Welsh	Welsh	PROPN	.	PUNCT	.
In its earliest uses in the 1500s, the English word " conscious " retained the meaning of the Latin conscius. For example, Thomas Hobbes in Leviathan wrote: " Where two, or more men, know of one and the same fact, they are said	said	VERB	to	PART	 to
" Drogo's rant vowing to give his unborn son the Iron Throne led to compliments about Jason Momoa's intensity and Emilia Clarke's calm and loving facial expressions. However, the scene where Littlefinger exposes his motivations while hiring two whores for his brothel was largely criticized	criticized	VERB	as	ADP	 as
On September 20 it was revealed they were questioning David Kernell, the son of Democratic Tennessee State Representative Mike Kernell. The stock price of Apple Inc. fell significantly in October 2008 after a hoax story was submitted to CNN's user generated news site iReport.com claiming that company	company	NOUN	CEO	NOUN	 CEO
In just 27 games, he averaged 25.4 points, 6.6 rebounds and 4.1 assists per game. On October 30, 2015, in a double overtime win over the Orlando Magic, Durant and Russell Westbrook became the first pair of teammates to each score at least 40	40	NUM	points	NOUN	 points
When he found that it is not working, he had to do something drastic to get back into the limelight. On the other hand, the Sena was actually becoming inclusive. It even began attracting Muslims into its fold. It also began taking up the common	common	ADJ	man	NOUN	 man
As a result of the Flamenpolitik, Rex was not given the same favoured status accorded to Flemish Fascists. Nevertheless, it was permitted to republish its newspaper and re establish and expand its paramilitary wing, the Formations de Combat, which had been banned before the war	war	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
GamesTM referred to the game as the pinnacle of his career. Shane R. Monroe of RetroGaming Radio called Robotron "... the greatest twitch and greed game of all time. " Bill Loguidice and Matt Barton of Gamasutra commented that Robotron's success, along with Defender,	,	PUNCT	illustrated	VERB	 illustrated
Golitsyin advanced as slowly as possible, with instructions to avoid any major confrontation with the Austrians. There were only minor skirmishes between the Russian and Austrian troops, with minimal losses. The Austrian and Russian commanders were in frequent correspondence and, in fact, shared some	some	DET	operational	ADJ	 operational
Larger aircraft may have additional scanners aboard, providing greater visual coverage. Because of the additional ARCHER equipment, the crew of a Civil Air Patrol GA8 Airvan may also include an operator of the ARCHER system, depending upon the requirements of the mission and the capabilities of	of	ADP	the	DET	 the
There is also a 70,000 gallon sea turtle aquarium, sea turtle hatchling laboratory, hands on ocean exploration exhibits, jellyfish and octopus aquariums, and even a life size model of a humpback whale. Other features include the Owls Creek salt marsh and a nature trail.	.	PUNCT	The	DET	 The
" When, in October 1795, crowds threw refuse at George III and insulted him, demanding a cessation of the war with France and lower bread prices, Parliament immediately passed the " gagging acts " (the Seditious Meetings Act and the Treasonable Practices Act, also	also	ADV	known	VERB	 known
The second season of Homicide drew several comparisons to NYPD Blue, an ABC police drama series that had debuted in September 1993. It received a large amount of publicity and better ratings than Homicide, which some reviewers attributed to the violence and nudity featured in the show	show	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
According to some accounts the painting lay in storage for thirty to forty years before being shown to the public. Its mention in an 1834 Prado inventory shows that the painting remained in the possession of the government or monarchy; much of the royal collection had been transferred	transferred	VERB	to	ADP	 to
In the summer of 1967, Cooney took a leave of absence from Channel 13, and funded by Carnegie Corporation, traveled the U.S. and Canada interviewing experts in child development, education, and television. She reported her findings in a fifty five page document entitled "	"	PUNCT	The	DET	 The
Female devils are occupied with raising their young for all but approximately six weeks of the year. The milk contains a higher amount of iron than the milk of placental mammals. In Guiler's 1970 study, no females died while rearing their offspring in the pouch.	.	PUNCT	After	ADP	 After
" The song contains keyboard notes that hover over the verses and allow Carey to indulge in her backing vocals. It was described by Nickson as a " stand out track, " one that could have easily become a hit single, " with an appeal that would	would	AUX	have	AUX	 have
He was also referred to by the phrase " Praise God " and another nickname was " The Duke of Swabia ", reflecting his Swabian origins. Ultimately, Berger was responsible for the large numbers of non Reich foreign recruits that joined the Waffen SS between 1940 and	and	CCONJ	1945	NUM	 1945
The next day she ended up writing what she thought was the least commercial song on the album, " Used to Love You ", and they approved it. On October 17, 2015, Stefani performed at a MasterCard Priceless Surprises concert at the Hammerstein Ballroom in	in	ADP	New	PROPN	 New
The French and English kings had justified the ongoing war through competing interpretations of inheritance law, first concerning Edward III's claim to the French throne and then Henry VI's. The conflict had been a legalistic feud between two related royal families, but Joan transformed it	it	PRON	along	ADP	 along
Plagis downed a Bf 109 over France on 24 September 1943, then a Focke Wulf Fw 190 on 23 November, and formally received the rank of flight lieutenant on 8 December 1943. At the start of June 1944, Plagis assumed command of No. 126 (	(	PUNCT	Persian	PROPN	Persian
Auden dedicated both editions of his collected poetry (1945 / 50 and 1966) to Isherwood and Kallman. In 1940 – 41, Auden lived in a house at 7 Middagh Street in Brooklyn Heights, that he shared with Carson McCullers, Benjamin Britten, and others	others	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
Despite an official apology from the airline company in June 2007, Bure took the issue to court, suing British Airways for 20 million rubles. In late August 2007, the Tver Court of Moscow ruled in favour of Bure in the total amount of 67,000 rubles.	.	PUNCT	During	ADP	 During
As a head coach, Amaker took the Seton Hall Pirates to postseason tournaments (NCAA Men's Division I Basketball Tournament – 2000 and National Invitation Tournament – 1998, 1999, and 2001) in each of his four seasons as their coach. He dealt with the	the	DET	turmoil	NOUN	 turmoil
The 5th Division suffered 53 fatalities and 140 wounded during this campaign. After the war it was found that the Japanese force was 93,000 strong, which was much higher than the 38,000 which Allied intelligence had estimated remained on New Britain. The II Corps continued the Bougainville	Bougainville	PROPN	Campaign	PROPN	 Campaign
When the Rhodesians continued to receive oil, Wilson attempted to directly cut off their main supply lines, namely the Portuguese Mozambican ports at Beira and Lourenço Marques, by posting a Royal Navy squadron to the Mozambique Channel in March 1966. This blockade, the Beira Patrol	Patrol	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
" Hard " was certified two times platinum by the Recording Industry Association of America (RIAA), denoting sales of over 2,000,000 copies. Although the single was not released internationally, it charted in several countries after the release of the music video. In Canada,	,	PUNCT	it	PRON	 it
A Soviet crew commissioned the ship on 29 August 1944 at Polyarny. Arkhangelsk was the largest ship in the Soviet fleet during the war. While in Soviet service, she was the flagship of Admiral Gordey Levchenko and was tasked with meeting Allied convoys in the Arctic Ocean	Ocean	PROPN	and	CCONJ	 and
The 1969 edition of the Mountaineers was the most successful West Virginia team since the 1922 season. Not only did the Mountaineers win 10 games, but they earned their first bowl game victory since 1948 with a Peach Bowl victory over No. 19 South Carolina, as	as	ADV	well	ADV	 well
" He had mixed feelings about the Klingon death ritual, but felt that it was justified at the end of the episode as the complex nature of the character of Korris made the sense of loss feel earned. He gave the episode a grade of B +.	.	PUNCT	Michelle	PROPN	 Michelle
Chopra mingled with the crowd as she MCed and DJed, followed by a playing her single. In Bangalore, Chopra visited several clubs with DJ Nash to promote " In My City ". At a Reliance Digital store in Mumbai, Chopra spent time with autistic children	children	NOUN	and	CCONJ	 and
This period marked a change from the efforts of individual explorers to those of institutions that funded archaeological exploration, excavation and restoration. Notable collections of stelae on public display include an impressive series of 8th century monuments at Quiriguá and 21 stelae collected in the sculpture museum at	at	ADP	Tikal	PROPN	 Tikal
The depression began encountering a stable air mass, and degenerated back into a tropical wave on June 25. A well developed tropical wave was observed in satellite imagery over central Africa on July 30. The system tracked westward and emerged into the Atlantic Ocean on August 3	3	NUM	.	PUNCT	.
Strong winds left 4,500 people without electricity in St. John's and the Burin Peninsula, knocked down traffic lights in St. John's, and snapped and uprooted trees throughout the province. On the main land of Newfoundland and Labrador, rainfall was mostly between 2 and 3.9	3.9	NUM	inches	NOUN	 inches
Recorded after a meeting between vocalist Mike Patton and guitarist Duane Denison, the album features members of Faith No More, The Jesus Lizard, Helmet and Melvins. The band toured with Tool in support of the record, but were not well received by Tool's fans	fans	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
Thorfinn, says the Heimskringla, was the ally of the king of Scots, and counted on Malcolm's support to resist the " tyranny " of Norwegian King Olaf Haraldsson. The chronology of Thorfinn's life is problematic, and he may have had a share in	in	ADP	the	DET	 the
Originally entitled My Story, the album's first version was actually scheduled for a June 2006 release, but Rowland, her management and Columbia Records decided to shelve the album at the last minute to re work a version with a different vibe as the singer considered the	the	DET	final	ADJ	 final
In the final match, he scored 74, his first Test fifty and the highest score of his Test career. His best bowling also came in the final match, where he took three for 69. In the Test series, Crawford scored 281 runs at an	an	DET	average	NOUN	 average
Half of the album is made up of parodies of Nirvana, MC Hammer, New Kids on the Block, Gerardo, and Milli Vanilli. The other half of the album is original material, featuring many " style parodies, " or musical imitations of existing artists	artists	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
The following evening at the AGT season finale, Evancho sang " Time to Say Goodbye " together with guest artist Sarah Brightman; then Evancho was announced as the runner up, finishing second to singer Michael Grimm. Many viewers and commentators felt that Evancho should have won	won	VERB	,	PUNCT	,
He divided the capitalist countries into two groups, the " smart and dangerous imperialists " and the " fools ". Before his retirement, Molotov proposed establishing a socialist confederation with the People's Republic of China (PRC); Molotov believed socialist states were part of	of	ADP	a	DET	 a
The song was written by Aguilera and Glen Ballard, with production handled by Ballard. It is a piano driven ballad that talks about trusting oneself and one's instincts. " The Voice Within " was released as the fifth and final single from Stripped on October 27	27	NUM	,	PUNCT	,
" Wings " was the sixth song, and encore reprise on the setlist for Little Mix's 2013 DNA Tour. The group sported 1990s style outfits for the renditions with each member wearing baggy jeans and personalised crop tops with their names printed in graffiti font. For	For	ADP	2014	NUM	 2014
The Strait of Belle Isle separates the province into two geographical divisions, Labrador and the island of Newfoundland. The province also includes over seven thousand small islands. Labrador is the easternmost part of the Canadian Shield, a vast area of ancient metamorphic rock comprising much of	of	ADP	northeastern	ADJ	 northeastern
Ultimately, the Trent and Mersey generated significant trade for the Navigation, for in 1793 a system of chutes was constructed at Anderton, to enable salt from narrow boats on the canal to be tipped into Weaver flats moored in a dock some 50 feet (15 m	m	PROPN	)	PUNCT	)
When the show returned for its fourth season, he acted as patron (parrain) during the first week, and could save and work with eliminated candidates. In September 2011, Tsamere appeared with On n'demande qu ' à en rire colleague Jérémy Ferrari in two editions	editions	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
In November he won the Six Days of Ghent with Matthew Gilmore of Vlaanderen – T Interim. Wiggins signed with Crédit Agricole for the 2004 season, advised by Boardman, who rode for them his entire professional road career. He began training for the Olympic Games in	in	ADP	Athens	PROPN	 Athens
Twenty eight survivors was subsequently rescued by Stuart, with a further nineteen picked up by other vessels. On 27 March 1941, an Allied fleet under Admiral Cunningham was ambushed by an Italian naval force off Cape Matapan, Greece. Three vessels of the RAN took part	part	NOUN	in	ADP	 in
A remix of the song features American rapper Young Buck. " Green Light " was generally well received by music critics who universally praised the beat, bass, groove, and angry tone used by Beyoncé in the song. The single performed moderately on charts, peaking	peaking	VERB	at	ADP	 at
Based on how sensitive monkeys were to the venom, Whaler (1971) estimated 14 mg of venom would be enough to kill a human being: equivalent to 0.06 ml of venom, or 1 / 50 to 1 / 1000 of what can be obtained in a	a	DET	single	ADJ	 single
The series, edited by legal scholar Gary Francione and philosopher Gary Steiner, aims to give direction to the emerging interdisciplinary research in animal studies. Animal Rights Without Liberation was the second book published as a part of the series, after Francione and Garner's 2010 The	The	DET	Animal	PROPN	 Animal
Structural separation between the tram and the hospital is necessary to avoid vibrations from tram machinery interfering with delicate microsurgery performed in the hospital. The 197 foot (60 m) intermediate tower allows the tram to gain elevation quickly once leaving the lower station to provide adequate clearance	clearance	NOUN	over	ADP	 over
Reid spoke to number of law enforcement agencies, including the FBI. The FBI wanted to make sure that Reid wasn't glorifying the Mafia. Reid stated he had no intentions of glorifying crime, and that " the whole message at the end of the movie is	is	AUX	that	DET	 that
She had a crew of 570 officers and enlisted men. Invincible had a single horizontal return connecting rod compound steam engine that drove one propeller. The engine was powered by eight Indret oval boilers and was designed for a capacity of 2,500 indicated horsepower (1,900 kW)	)	PUNCT	.	PUNCT	.
According to the historian Radoje Pajović, Ostojić produced a detailed plan that avoided specifying what was to be done with the district's Muslim population. Instead, these instructions were to be given orally to the responsible commanders. Delays in the movement of Chetnik forces into Bosnia	Bosnia	PROPN	to	PART	 to
Myrrha has also been thematically linked to the story of Lot's daughters. They live with their father in an isolated cave and because their mother is dead they decide to befuddle Lot's mind with wine and seduce him in order to keep the family alive through him	him	PRON	.	PUNCT	.
They finally prevailed because of their unexpected ability to fight in close terrain, while their outflanking of the German positions had unnerved their opponents. The Battle of Bita Paka was Australia's first major military engagement of the war, yet it soon became little more than a	a	DET	sideshow	NOUN	 sideshow
On January 12, the JMA upgraded the depression to Tropical Storm Tapah, and later that day estimated peak winds of 75 km / h (45 mph). Around that time, Tapah developed an eye feature beneath its convection, prompting both the JTWC and PAGASA	PAGASA	PROPN	to	PART	 to
Michigan was 7 for 15 in third down conversions and had an overall yardage edge 416 – 169. In the first half, Michigan had a 259 – 38 yards of total offense advantage and a 16 – 3 first downs edge without the benefit of any turnovers.	.	PUNCT	Following	VERB	 Following
Michael mis attributes it to Al Pacino in Raging Bull. The Karate Kid franchise is referenced two separate times. Michael notes that Dwight is the " Hilary Swank version ", a reference to The Next Karate Kid, the fourth movie in the Karate Kid series,	,	PUNCT	starring	VERB	 starring
The game is known for its developers ' battle against a cloned version of their game released by another company. The game was developed and published by Vlambeer — Rami Ismail and Jan Willem Nijman — and released for iOS on March 13, 2013, and later that	that	DET	year	NOUN	 year
Enter the Grave was re released as a limited edition " redux " version on 13 October 2008 in Europe and on 28 October in North America. According to the Huddersfield Daily Examiner, Enter the Grave had shifted 30,000 copies by September 2009. On 18 October 2006	2006	NUM	,	PUNCT	,
Having passed by him on the road, Scully recognizes him as the assassin who killed Deep Throat. Her toxicology results on the victims show what she thinks is the mysterious substance known as " Purity Control ". Mulder theorizes that Larson had been injecting the children with	with	ADP	alien	ADJ	 alien
Many impoverished families moved to subsistence farms outside the city and others fled to greener pastures in other provinces. Recruitment to the Canadian army during the war also contributed to the drop in population. Afterwards, the city slowly recovered in population and economy during the 1920s and	and	CCONJ	1930s	NOUN	 1930s
M. p. orpheus (Linnaeus, 1758) from the Bahamas to the Greater Antilles, also the Cayman and Virgin Islands. Similar to M. m. polyglottos except smaller, a paler shade of gray on its back, and underparts with practically little, if any buff at	at	ADV	all	ADV	 all
It began as a mainly amateur body and transformed into an all professional ensemble by 1973. In its early days the company gave a single week's annual season in Cardiff, gradually extending its schedule to become an all year round operation, with its own salaried chorus	chorus	NOUN	and	CCONJ	 and
The B Cycle network was the largest in the United States at the time of its launch, boasting 400 bicycles. The Denver Boot, a car disabling device was first used in Denver. The League of American Bicyclists has rated Colorado as the sixth most bicycle friendly	friendly	ADJ	state	NOUN	 state
They remain on the bottom of Scapa Flow, along with four light cruisers. The High Seas Fleet, particularly its wartime impotence and ultimate fate, strongly influenced the later German navies, the Reichsmarine and Kriegsmarine. Former Imperial Navy officers continued to serve in the subsequent	subsequent	ADJ	institutions	NOUN	 institutions
Harry and the rest of the Weasleys -- mother Molly, third eldest son Percy, and daughter Ginny -- travel to Diagon Alley, where they are reunited with Hermione Granger and introduced to Lucius Malfoy, father of Harry ’ s school nemesis Draco, and Gilderoy Lockhart	Lockhart	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
Charles became disillusioned by the assembly's ineffectiveness, calling it a " mongrel " in private letters to his wife. In 1644, Charles remained in the southern half of England while Rupert rode north to relieve Newark and York, which were under threat from parliamentary and	and	CCONJ	Scottish	PROPN	 Scottish
The species is estimated to have had around 1,000 small teeth, weighed 3 – 4 short tons (2.7 – 3.6 t) (or around as much as an elephant today), stood 10 feet (3.0 m) tall at its back, and stretched about	about	ADP	30	NUM	 30
Jade believed Mark had sided with Toadie against her sister and she told Kate not to give him a second chance. After Jade challenged Mark to a game of pool, " sparks of a different kind " began to fly between them. McGregor explained the situation:	:	PUNCT	"	PUNCT	 "
With the conclusion of the Dream Within a Dream Tour in July 2002 and the end of her relationship with Justin Timberlake, Spears planned to take a six month break from her career; however, work for In the Zone began later that November. She began writing	writing	VERB	songs	NOUN	 songs
This line, along with the section from Drammen to Kongsberg, were built with 1,067 mm (3 ft 6 in) narrow gauge and did not connect to the main station of Oslo Ø. The Gjøvik Line opened from Grefsen to Jaren on 20 December 1900, and	and	CCONJ	from	ADP	 from
" I can totally see her trying to talk him into giving one a try. And I can see him wanting to do it, to please her, but ultimately being too afraid and telling her they have to try another one. I can just picture the	the	DET	front	ADJ	 front
While the Australian Government offered MacArthur I Corps for service in Leyte and Luzon, nothing came of several proposals to utilise it in the liberation of these islands. The Army's prolonged period of relative inactivity during 1944 led to public concern, and many Australians believed that	that	SCONJ	the	DET	 the
Former AAT director Russell Cannon regarded Gascoigne as a world leader in his field, as well as being " a delightful man ". Historian of astronomy Ragbir Bhathal considered Gascoigne to have been an important figure in Australian astronomy, responsible for substantial advances in the field.	.	PUNCT	In	ADP	 In
Link follows them into Termina, where he confronts the Skull Kid, who curses him by turning him into a Deku Scrub. Tatl stops Link from going after the Skull Kid as the latter escapes with Tael through a door, but is then separated from them when	when	SCONJ	the	DET	 the
In April 1941, Matthias was called to active duty by the United States Army as a first lieutenant, and joined the Construction Division of the Army Corps of Engineers, where he received rapid promotion. On 14 December 1942, as a 34 year old lieutenant colonel	colonel	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
Vardar was a Sava class river monitor built for the Austro Hungarian Navy by Stabilimento Tecnico Triestino, and was laid down as Bosna at Linz in 1914, as part of the Austro Hungarian 1914 – 15 Naval Program. She was named after the river Bosna, but	but	CCONJ	was	AUX	 was
Upon crossing DE 141, the ramp to northbound DE 141 from the northbound I 295 ramp splits off while the ramp from DE 141 to northbound I 95 merges in from the left. Southbound, a collector / distributor ramp serves to provide access between I 95 and	and	CCONJ	DE	PROPN	 DE
Finnish media reported that 2007 Formula One World Champion Kimi Räikkönen, who was splitting time between the World Rally Championship and NASCAR in 2011, had also been approached to take part in the race, but Räikkönen rejected the offer as he was not confident of having a	a	DET	competitive	ADJ	 competitive
In 1807 St Vincent, as a member of the House of Lords, opposed a bill to abolish the slave trade. His motives appear to have been practical rather than humanitarian or otherwise. St Vincent argued that if Britain were to ban the trade it would simply	simply	ADV	be	AUX	 be
In the new magazine's first year Reed was a regular contributor of articles and stories on a range of subjects, joining distinguished writers such as G. A. Henty, R.M. Ballantyne and Jules Verne. A prominent illustrator for the magazine was the artist and mountaineer Edward Whymper	Whymper	PROPN	.	PUNCT	.
During external load testing in April 1999, Boeing used a V 22 to lift and transport the light weight M777 howitzer. In 2000, there were two further fatal crashes, killing a total of 19 marines, and the aircraft was again grounded while the cause of	of	ADP	these	DET	 these
In 1974, Tattersall spotted what he thought was a color variant of the silky sifaka north of Vohemar in northeast Madagascar. Describing it as such eight years later in The Primates of Madagascar, he not only cited its mostly white fur, but also uncharacteristic traits such	such	ADJ	as	ADP	 as
Adding incentive for early U.S. sales was a base price of US $35,000, which undercut competitors by thousands of dollars and brought accusations of selling below cost from rival BMW. In December 1989, shortly after the LS 400's launch, Lexus ordered a voluntary recall	recall	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
Their match stemmed from their Steel cage match at One Night Stand, the pay per view three weeks before Vengeance, where Edge won by escaping the cage. On the June 8 episode of SmackDown, WWE Chairman Vince McMahon announced that Edge would be defending the World	World	PROPN	Heavyweight	PROPN	 Heavyweight
The end of the Cold War however led to a more rapid withdrawal of Phantom units than had originally been planned; under the Options for Change defence review the Phantom was to be withdrawn from service, with the two Germany based units disbanded as part of the gradual	gradual	ADJ	run	NOUN	 run
Substituting the asymptotic expansion for each of the cosines into the spherical relation for a right triangle yields <formula> The constants a4, b4, and c4 have been absorbed into the big O remainder terms since they are independent of the radius R. This asymptotic relationship can	can	AUX	be	AUX	 be
In 1998, he was a central figure in the Lewinsky scandal investigation, being the first congressman to call for President Bill Clinton's resignation after the allegations surfaced. Near the end of his time in Congress, Barr voted in favor of the USA PATRIOT Act and	and	CCONJ	the	DET	 the
Liferaft was built for release in three episodes: her escape, " revelation ", and " resolution ". The core gameplay revolves around a " Bionic Commando style grappling hook ". Intuition released a two level Flash demo where the game had 16 bit era graphics	graphics	NOUN	and	CCONJ	 and
Herodotus, The Histories Perseus online version Ctesias, Persica (excerpt in Photius's epitome) Diodorus Siculus, Biblioteca Historica. Thucydides, History of the Peloponnesian War Cicero, On the Laws Holland, Tom. Persian Fire. London: Abacus, 2005 (ISBN 978	978	NUM	0	NUM	 0
Balgley formerly taught at California Polytechnic State University. Ratajkowski is of Polish, Irish, and Polish Jewish descent. Her father was raised Catholic, while her mother was raised Jewish. Ratajkowski describes her heritage as " Polish Israeli ". She lived in, and traveled	traveled	VERB	to	ADP	 to
Kevin Ritchie from Now appreciated the " diverse " nature of the record, commenting that the " lightness and unobtrusiveness " incorporated throughout suggested that Ferreira had yet to display " even more untapped potential ". In a more mixed review, Jon Caramanica from The New York	York	PROPN	Times	PROPN	 Times
He liked to experiment with musical form, as in his best known work, Boléro (1928), in which repetition takes the place of development. He made some orchestral arrangements of other composers ' music, of which his 1922 version of Mussorgsky's Pictures at	at	ADP	an	DET	 an
The episode was written by Charlie Grandy and directed by Matt Sohn. The episode marks the first episode since Steve Carell left the series as a series regular. " The Inner Circle " received mixed reviews from critics, with many commenting on Ferrell's performance, with	with	ADP	opinions	NOUN	 opinions
The Steynings family owned Holnicote until the direct male line became extinct with the death of Charles Staynings (1622 – 1700). His wife, Susanna (died 1685), was a daughter of Sir Nicholas Martyn of Oxton and Steynings's heir was their nephew,	,	PUNCT	William	PROPN	 William
Young birds have a dark tipped yellow bill and sometimes a bluish face which gradually turns red, but the rest of the plumage is like the adult. Full mature plumage is achieved at about 20 months. Some rare individuals of this parrotfinch have the entire head and	and	CCONJ	face	VERB	 face
To be registered as a Finnhorse, a horse must either have parents registered as Finnhorses, or be verified to be descended from at least three generations of Finnhorses. To qualify for the Finnhorse stud book as a breeding animal, a horse must prove itself by meeting	meeting	VERB	or	CCONJ	 or
Production dropped to 54,454 silver dollars in 1801 and 41,650 in 1802, after Boudinot was able to convince many depositors to accept their silver in the form of small denominations. Although silver bullion deposits at the Mint had increased, Boudinot attempted to end silver dollar production in	in	ADP	1803	NUM	 1803
For the Pyrenees as a whole 50 – 60% of the glaciated area has been lost since 1991. The Balaitus, Perdigurero and La Munia glaciers have disappeared in this period. Monte Perdido Glacier has shrunk from 90 hectares to 40 hectares. As initial cause for	for	ADP	glacier	ADJ	 glacier
Detailed for the first bombing run at the Eder, Shannon took several attempts to familiarise himself with the area and line up his aircraft, so in the meantime Gibson ordered Maudsley to make his attack. Shannon went in next, delivering his bomb on target. Knight	Knight	PROPN	then	ADV	 then
Instead, York would succeed the king, and act as protector. This solution was not ideal to either party, and further conflict was inevitable. On 30 December, at the Battle of Wakefield, York was killed, as were York's second son Edmund,	,	PUNCT	Earl	PROPN	 Earl
The link with the gluten component of wheat was made in 1952 by a team from Birmingham, England. Villous atrophy was described by British physician John W. Paulley in 1954 on samples taken at surgery. This paved the way for biopsy samples taken by endoscopy. Throughout	Throughout	ADP	the	DET	 the
Harris spent the rest of his life at the University of Chicago and died on November 18, 1963. Harris is best known for his work as an economist and social critic of African American business. He had a heavy influence on both black radical and neo conservative	conservative	ADJ	thought	NOUN	 thought
In their report, they were looking for a woman roughly forty years old who was described as being " strong (yet broken), intelligent, attractive, likable, lovely and extremely versatile ". In December 2009, Entertainment Weekly announced Irish actress Orla Brady had	had	AUX	been	AUX	 been
During the Syrian campaign against the Vichy French, Blamey took decisive action to resolve the command difficulties caused by Wilson's attempt to direct the fighting from the King David Hotel in Jerusalem by interposing Lavarack's I Corps headquarters. During Blamey's absence in Greece, AIF	AIF	PROPN	units	NOUN	 units
In essence, it is a dynamic complex with lively images.... Akshardham has happened at the dawn of 21st century with the commitment and dedication of one million volunteers. What has happened today at Akshardham inspires me and gives me the confidence that we can do it?	?	PUNCT	The	DET	 The
Murray commissioned architect Gareth Hutchison to find a way of adding a third tier to the Main Stand. This was a highly complex process, as the Main Stand facade had become a listed building and Murray wanted the existing structure to remain open during construction. The contractors	contractors	NOUN	removed	VERB	 removed
The store was damaged again on 6 December 1944 after a V2 rocket exploded on nearby Duke Street, causing its Christmas tree displays to collapse into the street outside. Damage was quickly repaired and the shop re opened the following day. In September 1973 a shopping bag	bag	NOUN	bomb	NOUN	 bomb
Gehrig followed with a double to the opposite side, but could not score when Lazzeri popped up to Thevenow to end the inning. In the seventh inning, the Yankees faced a new pitcher, this time a southpaw named Bill Hallahan, who served as both a	a	DET	starter	NOUN	 starter
The KIT gene encodes a protein called steel factor receptor, which is critical to the differentiation of stem cells into blood cells, sperm cells, and pigment cells. A process called alternative splicing, which uses the information encoded in the KIT gene to make slightly different	different	ADJ	proteins	NOUN	 proteins
On Tuesday 2 October, an unidentified female torso was found in the basement of New Scotland Yard, which was under construction. It was linked to the Whitechapel murders by the press, but it was not included in the Whitechapel murders file, and any connection between	between	ADP	the	DET	 the
Musical life flourished in those places; composers were held in high regard, and musicians were wholeheartedly devoted to their art. With a similar ideal in mind for Russia, he had conceived an idea for a conservatory in Russia years before his 1858 return, and had	had	AUX	finally	ADV	 finally
Boydell also published The Original Work of William Hogarth in 1790 and The Poetical Works of John Milton and The Life of the Poet (i.e., Milton) in 1794. The productivity and profitability of Boydell's firm spurred the British print industry in general. By 1785	1785	NUM	,	PUNCT	,
Nonetheless, the 1st Battalion of the 102nd Infantry Brigade cleared the river by 09: 00 that morning and reached Stankovac. After spending three hours crossing the Kupa River, by 13: 00 the independent armoured mechanised unit was headed for Mala Solina, 6 kilometres (	(	PUNCT	3.7	NUM	3.7
The review also confirmed that one of the carriers would have enhanced amphibious capabilities. The government also reaffirmed its commitment to ordering 138 F 35 Lightning IIs, although the specific variant (s) was not mentioned. The review stated that 24 of these aircraft would be	be	AUX	available	ADJ	 available
While a few of the videos are inaccurate due to the developer making dramatic changes to the environment and gameplay, they still maintained the general roots of the game and the storyline. On August 8, 2009, the Konami website had lost the entire section on Saw	Saw	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
Destiny was the first wordless novel to employ lead engraving. Nückel made 211 prints in black and white for the book. The images range in size from 2 3 ⁄ 4 × 2 3 ⁄ 4 inches (7 × 7 cm) to 4 3 ⁄ 4	4	NUM	×	NUM	 ×
Potentially hazardous conditions also delayed humanitarian aid to victims of Typhoon Durian, which struck the Philippines in late November. The first Public Storm Warning Signals for the Philippines were issued by the PAGASA on December 8 for several islands in the central Philippines. The third level of	of	ADP	the	DET	 the
Beginning in 2011, Obama became more politically active than she had been since the 2008 election, though avoided discussions about the re election bid. By the time of the election cycle, she had developed a more open public image, some viewing her as the most	most	ADV	popular	ADJ	 popular
The present and future Prime Ministers conversed, and when giving his speech that afternoon, Sir Wilfrid commented on the newsboy who had ended their conversation by saying, " I can't waste any more time on you, Prime Minister. I must get about my work	work	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
The day concluded with a spectacular display of fireworks near the statue. The statue was examined in great detail by French and American engineers as part of the planning for its centennial in 1986. In 1982, it was announced that the statue was in need of considerable	considerable	ADJ	restoration	NOUN	 restoration
The mayor appealed to the governor to call in the National Guard to restore order, but it was weeks before officials allowed African Americans to return to work, keeping them away for their safety. In the late 1940s, the transition to the postwar economy was hard	hard	ADJ	for	ADP	 for
With increasing competition from trucks and automobiles in the 1920s, passenger volume began to decline along with less than carload freight, such as milk from the many dairy farms along the Ma and Pa's pastoral route. The Ma and Pa substituted more economical, self propelled	propelled	VERB	gas	NOUN	 gas
The Witness incorporates other artists and programmer's contributions in smaller roles, such as David Hellman, who had previously worked with Blow on Braid's art design and worked on conceptualizing the design of The Witness. Other contributors include Eric Urquhart, who has provided 3 D	D	ADJ	concept	NOUN	 concept
This project can be anything. Their paper then has to relate in some way to their project, so if the project is creating a bird house the paper could be able the best type of bird house. The portfolio then brings everything together with evidence to prove	prove	VERB	that	SCONJ	 that
), Gerronema moseri (Singer), Gymnopus moseri (Antonín & Noordel.), Hebeloma moseri (Singer), Hydropus moserianus (Bas), Hygrocybe moseri (Bon), Lactarius moseri (Harmaja), Lasiosphaeria moseri (O. Hilber), Leucoagaricus moseri	moseri	PROPN	(	PUNCT	 (
Anna will appear in a Frozen holiday special along with Elsa, Kristoff, Sven, and Olaf, scheduled to air on ABC in 2017. On November 6, 2013, Disney Consumer Products began releasing a line of merchandise featuring Anna in Disney Store and other retailers	retailers	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
Syndrome intends to perfect the Omnidroid and defeat it in public while manipulating its controls to become a hero himself, and then sell his inventions so everyone will become equally " super ", making the term meaningless. Bob sneaks into Syndrome's island base and finds his	his	PRON	computer	NOUN	 computer
Toby Jones as Alfred Hitchcock Sienna Miller as Tippi Hedren Penelope Wilton as Peggy Robertson Imelda Staunton as Alma Reville Candice D ' Arcy as Josephine Milton Carl Beukes as Jim Brown Conrad Kemp as Evan Hunter The Girl is based on Donald Spoto's 2009 book, Spellbound by	by	ADP	Beauty	PROPN	 Beauty
Palpatine hopes these early missions will teach Vader what it means to be a Sith and crush any remnants of Anakin Skywalker. With the 2012 acquisition of Lucasfilm by The Walt Disney Company, most of the licensed Star Wars novels and comics produced since the originating 1977 film	film	NOUN	Star	PROPN	 Star
Fey, a fan of Star Wars herself, said that the weekly Star Wars joke or reference " started happening organically " when the crew realized that they had a Star Wars reference " in almost every show ". Fey said that from then on " it became	became	VERB	a	DET	 a
Gerald S. Lesser, the first chair of the advisory board of the Children's Television Workshop (the CTW, or " the Workshop "), the organization that oversaw the show's production, stated that to be effective as an educational tool, television needed to	to	PART	capture	VERB	 capture
On 9 July, when the Ivor Philipps was removed from command of 38th (Welsh) Division, due to the failure of its hitherto limited attacks against Mametz Wood during the early stages of the Battle of the Somme as well as the poor communication between the division	division	NOUN	and	CCONJ	 and
Millard elaborated that " we're very good, as a nation, at loving well when a massive tragedy takes place... We all of a sudden become very unified, which is a great, great thing. But on a day to day basis, we pass	pass	VERB	up	ADP	 up
In 1965 the Weads cut a 45 featuring " Don't Call My Name ". From Honolulu, Hawaii, the Mop Tops recorded " I Tried ", " Never Change Your Mind ", and a version of the Who's " The Kids are Alright "	"	PUNCT	.	PUNCT	.
For example, silk has been found in the Valley of the Kings in a tomb of a mummy dating from 1070 BCE. First the Greeks, then the Romans began to speak about the Seres (people of silk), a term to designate the inhabitants of	of	ADP	the	DET	 the
While summarizing the case with Mulder, Scully explains that Innes had been ingesting Harold's medication, triggering violent and unpredictable behavior. Scully hypothesizes that Innes committed the murders in order to destroy the love Harold felt towards the young women. Later, Harold's body is	is	AUX	discovered	VERB	 discovered
From my time in the legal profession I took an understanding (and it is no small understanding) that sincerity and passion are not enough – that to be truly effective in the world one needs to be credible and expert. … Many Americans are living complicated lives	lives	NOUN	now	ADV	 now
Milburn quit after just one full season and was replaced by Bill McGarry in 1964. The club remained in the Second Division for four years until McGarry guided Ipswich to promotion along with his assistant Sammy Chung in the 1967 – 68 season, winning the division by a	a	DET	single	ADJ	 single
Similar to the previous season, Portland was overcome with injuries from the start of the 2010 – 11 season. Jeff Pendergraph and rookie guard Elliot Williams both suffered knee injuries that sidelined them for the season; Portland later waived Pendergraph. In November, they announced that	that	SCONJ	Oden	PROPN	 Oden
" Atlanta magazine said, " The guitar, when used properly, can be one of the most haunting and beautiful instruments to create sound... when he brushes his fingers across the strings, [he] can create some of the most incredible music. It's	's	AUX	almost	ADV	 almost
The continued Nationalist offensive on Aragon in April – June 1937, including the Battle of Belchite, involved bombing raids and the use of the Legion's ground forces. On 24 – 25 July, Republican forces launched the Battle of the Ebro. Reconnaissance units of the	the	DET	Condor	PROPN	 Condor
Around 15: 35, the Russian battleship Knyaz Suvorov suddenly appeared out of the mist at short range. Kamimura's ships engaged her for five minutes before she disappeared back into the mists. Asama rejoined the division at 15: 50, but further hits caused serious	serious	ADJ	flooding	NOUN	 flooding
I never will, he is the father of my child ". After the judgement was issued, however, she said to the press, " I can't say if Paul is cruel. For the sake of my daughter, I can't say that but	but	CCONJ	my	PRON	 my
Hunters may also conduct a charging attack or strike with their legs if the player gets too close. Hunters are vulnerable to all weapons, but to compensate, are still quite resilient, making explosives and the pulse rifle's charged energy ball the most attractive options.	.	PUNCT	Objects	NOUN	 Objects
Chappell gained some consolation at the end of a dramatic summer when he led SA to the Sheffield Shield, the team's first win for seven years. Chappell's battles against the short pitched bowling of Snow during the season compelled him to reappraise his game. Following	Following	VERB	a	DET	 a
To him is ascribed the famous treatise on music called Geetha Gopala. Though inspired by Jayadeva's Sanskrit writing Geetha Govinda, it had an originality of its own and was written in saptapadi metre. Contemporary poets who left their mark on the entire Kannada speaking region include	include	VERB	the	DET	 the
In 2007, The Wiggles opened their own recording and film studios in Sydney, called " Hot Potato Studios ". They were the first pre school production company in Australia to shoot their videos and TV programs in high definition. In 2009, as Cook put it	it	PRON	,	PUNCT	,
It was not until the interwar period that there was a decline caused by migration to new London suburbs like the Becontree estate, built by the London County Council between 1921 and 1932, and to areas outside London. This depopulation accelerated after the Second World War and	and	CCONJ	has	AUX	 has
In the description of scholar Gordon Rumson, Wild Men's Dance is a " work of vehement, unruly rhythm, compounded of dense chord clusters... and brutal accents. Complex rhythms and gigantic crashing chords traverse the whole range of the piano. This remains a work	work	NOUN	for	ADP	 for
3. Bart gets gum in Lisa's hair without noticing, and Marge tries to get it out by putting a variety of foods on her head. 4. Smithers suffers an allergic reaction to a bee sting while bike riding with Mr. Burns, who makes him	him	PRON	pedal	VERB	 pedal
His first wazir was Yusuf al Arqash, followed by Yusuf Qassis in 1749. Qassis continued in this role until the early 1760s when he was arrested for attempting to smuggle wealth he had accumulated during his service to Malta. He was succeeded by Ibrahim Sabbagh, who	who	PRON	had	AUX	 had
As stated by Rev. Fr. Raniero Cantalamessa, " baptism in the Spirit is not a sacrament, but it is related to a sacrament … to the sacraments of Christian initiation. The baptism in the Spirit makes real and in a way renews Christian initiation ".	.	PUNCT	Emphasis	NOUN	 Emphasis
The 300 pages removed from the A Game of Thrones manuscript served as the opening of the second book, entitled A Clash of Kings. It was released in February 1999 in the United States, with a manuscript length (without appendices) of 1184 pages. A	A	DET	Clash	PROPN	 Clash
From the 1988 album Even Worse. " Alimony " (orig. Tommy James, Bo Gentry, Ritchie Cordell, Bobby Bloom, arr. Yankovic) – 3: 16 Parody of " Mony Mony " as performed by Billy Idol; the song discusses a man	man	NOUN	and	CCONJ	 and
On 16 September, however, 25th Infantry Division was still fighting North Korean forces behind its lines, and North Korean strong points existed on the heights of Battle Mountain, P ' il bong, and Sobuk san. Kean felt that the division could advance along the	the	DET	roads	NOUN	 roads
However, according to historian Giuseppe Carlo Marino, Cascioferro was transferred to another prison in Pozzuoli in 1940, and the octogenarian was left to die during an Allied bombardment of that prison in 1943 (other sources mention 1942). According to La Stampa, Cascioferro died	died	VERB	on	ADP	 on
In August 1999, the architect informed the project group that the Parliament would need to be further increased in size by 4,000 square metres (43,000 sq ft). A subsequent costing revealed that taking into account the increased floorspace net construction costs had risen to £115	115	NUM	m	NOUN	 m
He was handed the captain badge in the beginning of their season. On the 28th of June 2016 Zesh announce via his social media accounts he had amicably agreed to terminate with Pahang FC after a successful 3 year spell at the club. Zesh said: I would	would	AUX	love	VERB	 love
As he was looking out the window of his quarters, he noticed a guard below in the courtyard, in front of the lodgings where Anne had been imprisoned, behaving strangely. He appeared to challenge something, which to the General " looked like a whitish,	,	PUNCT	female	ADJ	 female
This study was based on a quartet partitioning approach designed to reveal horizontal gene transfer events among metazoan phyla Colonies of tunicates occur in a range of forms and in the degree to which individual organisms, known as zooids, integrate with one another. In the simplest systems	systems	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
Here, the highway connects to a pair of dirt roads, one of which leads north alongside Horseshoe Lake to Horseshoe. The two lane route heads eastward from the trails, following the southern shore of Horseshoe Lake while traversing the deep woods of Adirondack Park. At	At	ADP	the	DET	 the
A limited edition in a digipak case was first released in Germany on November 21, 2008. A special edition of the album was released on December 16 that contains the album in CD and dual LP format, and also features album artwork redone by the artist of	of	ADP	the	DET	 the
Unlike animal joints, which have a limited range of motion, a wheel must be able to rotate through an arbitrary angle without ever needing to be " unwound ". As such, a wheel can not be permanently attached to the axle or shaft about which it	it	PRON	rotates	VERB	 rotates
As a 15 year old he joined the Polish 1863 Uprising against Imperial Russia. Shortly after his 16th birthday, he suffered severe battle injuries. Five months later he was imprisoned for his part in the Uprising. These early experiences may have precipitated the panic disorder and	and	CCONJ	agoraphobia	PROPN	 agoraphobia
Every year since 2002, California Governors Gray Davis and Arnold Schwarzenegger have proclaimed February 6 " Ronald Reagan Day " in the state of California in honor of their most famous predecessor. In 2010, Schwarzenegger signed Senate Bill 944, authored by Senator George Runner, to	to	PART	make	VERB	 make
Faulkner later served as United States Minister to France; following the American Civil War, he again served as a member of the United States House of Representatives, from West Virginia's 2nd congressional district. James Parsons III and his brother William Miller Parsons (born 1835	1835	NUM	)	PUNCT	)
Their 8th round pick was traded to the New York Jets for linebacker Steve Reese. With the first selection in the draft, the Buccaneers picked Lee Roy Selmon, considered to be the best defensive tackle in Oklahoma history and described as “ one of the greatest defensive	defensive	ADJ	linemen	NOUN	 linemen
The episode ends with the crew musing that Ilia acted as the being's first womb and the Enterprise was the second. The series was cancelled as it went into initial production for the pilot, " In Thy Image ", with that being rewritten as Star Trek	Trek	PROPN	:	PUNCT	:
Grant expanded federal authority that protected African American civil rights against domestic terrorism in the South. Grant's presidency represented the Civil War values that included " union, freedom and equality. " Grant's Reconstruction policy, however, was challenged by the complexities of using the	the	DET	U.S.	PROPN	 U.S.
The principal milk supplier is Green Acres Farm in Duvall, Washington, using only hormone free and antibiotic free milk. When consistent milk production first became a problem, Beecher's purchased a herd of 200 cows. The entire dairy herd at Green Acres Farm is owned	owned	VERB	by	ADP	 by
Sullivan didn't enjoy Eternal Calm or Last Mission, while finding Will " incredibly weird and confusing. ", recommending players to stay clear of it. Wallace called Last Mission " a nice diversion, but not incredibly engaging. ", while North noted that it	it	PRON	"	PUNCT	 "
Set in modern day Japan, the plot centers on Tsubasa Uehara (上原 つばさ, Uehara Tsubasa) and Arisa Sonoda (園田 ありさ, Sonoda Arisa), twin sisters separated by their parents ' divorce who keep in contact through letters. Finally meeting again as teenagers	teenagers	NOUN	three	NUM	 three
The first major change to global sedimentary cycling happened when humans started clearing land to grow crops. In a natural ecosystem, roots from plants hold sediment in place when it rains. Trees and shrubs reduce the amount of rainfall that impacts the dirt, and create obstacles	obstacles	NOUN	that	PRON	 that
Approval for high yield tactical weapons was eventually gained in 1970 and, by 1975, the RAF had WE.177C, which at almost 200 kt was a weapon very similar to what they had planned for the TSR 2 in 1959. Throughout 1959, English Electric (EE	EE	PROPN	)	PUNCT	)
Developed by Jacob L. Moreno, M.D. (1889 – 1974) psychodrama includes elements of theater, often conducted on a stage, or a space that serves as a stage area, where props can be used. A psychodrama therapy group, under the direction of a	a	DET	licensed	ADJ	 licensed
As late as 2011, it was thought that the city was wasting money on the station because, at the time, Hudson Yards had not yet been finalized. It was reported that only 7,000 daily riders entered the station between September 13 – 22, 2015,	,	PUNCT	drastically	ADV	 drastically
Father Josef Bisig became the first superior general of the newly formed Priestly Fraternity of St. Peter, coming to a compromise with and placing themselves under the Holy See. Lefebvre died on 25 March 1991 at the age of 85 from cancer in Martigny, Switzerland, less	less	ADJ	than	ADP	 than
" A number of well established and longtime Swedish Americans visited Sweden in the 1870s, making comments that give historians a window on the cultural contrasts involved. A group from Chicago made the journey in an effort to remigrate and spend their later years in the country of	of	ADP	their	PRON	 their
Throughout August, the NK 6th Division, and later the NK 7th Division engaged the US 25th Infantry Division at the Battle of Masan, initially repelling a UN counteroffensive before countering with battles at Komam ni and Battle Mountain. These attacks stalled as UN forces, well	well	ADV	equipped	VERB	 equipped
Among the offices housed in the annex building are the Blackford County Community Foundation, the Blackford County Emergency Operations Center, and the Blackford County Economic Development Corporation (including the County Assessor). Designed by the firm known as LaBelle and French of Marion, Indiana,	,	PUNCT	the	DET	 the
The band has claimed that the performance was unspectacular, and critics place the blame on Collins. However, Collins says that " I would pledge to my dying day that it wasn't me, " and that Thompson was racing through some of the performance. Collins	Collins	PROPN	later	ADV	 later
International male operatic pop group Il Divo included the Spanish version of the song on their second studio album, Ancora (2005). Australian singer and actress Natalie Bassingthwaighte performed a live version of the song at the Rugby League World Cup Heroes 08 Campaign. Michael Ball	Ball	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
Previously the CTRL was planned to run on an elevated section alongside the North London Line on approach into the line's terminus. The twin tunnels bored under London were driven from Stratford westwards towards St Pancras, eastwards towards Dagenham and from Dagenham westwards to connect with the	the	DET	tunnel	NOUN	 tunnel
The molecular analysis supports a previous assessment by mycologists Harold Bursdall and Orson K. Miller, who in 1975 suggested merging Dictyopanus into Panellus based on similarities in spore shape, stem structure, and the ability of dried fruit bodies to revive when moistened. Formerly grouped in the	the	DET	Tricholomataceae	ADJ	 Tricholomataceae
However, English rule did not extend over the whole island until the 16th – 17th century Tudor conquest, which led to colonisation by settlers from Britain. In the 1690s, a system of Protestant English rule was designed to materially disadvantage the Catholic majority and Protestant dissenters	dissenters	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
Because it is closely paralleled by Interstate 91 between New Haven and Hartford, US 5 serves mainly as a secondary route today. US 5 begins on State Street at exit 5 of Interstate 91 in New Haven. State Street continues southwest into downtown as a local,	,	PUNCT	unnumbered	ADJ	 unnumbered
Migration of the Serbs was unveiled at the Archbishop's palace in Sremski Karlovci in 1896. It was kept there until 1941, when Ustaše fascists looted the palace and stole it, cut it out of its frame and took it to Zagreb, where it remained until	until	ADP	the	DET	 the
And we thought, We're rich! And we turned it over to them and they destroyed it. " When rehearsals opened in September 1955, Rodgers assembled the cast and told them that he was going into the hospital for a minor operation. In fact,	,	PUNCT	Rodgers	PROPN	 Rodgers
Completely invented saints were not exceptional in Europe, and in the lack of evidence of either the crusade or Henry, that possibility may not be fully denied. The bishop's violent death itself was nothing exceptional and could well have happened. Many bishops were murdered during	during	ADP	the	DET	 the
The Lady Chapel contains a wall memorial to Arthur Hildersham and a painted wooden bust of Margery Wright, who died in 1623. The inscription below records that she had given £43 to provide gowns for the old and needy of the town. The Chapel of St	St	PROPN	Michael	PROPN	 Michael
Not running was Jenson Button, after his team decided not to go out, since a 55 place grid penalty would have placed him at the back of the grid at any case. Marcus Ericsson was more than half a second quicker than teammate Felipe Nasr, who	who	PRON	failed	VERB	 failed
The Pavilion was owned and operated by Weymouth and Portland Borough Council, providing a venue for local community groups and schools, and hosting seasonal ' end of the pier ' entertainment and year round shows and events. It was announced in 2006 that the Pavilion complex and	and	CCONJ	4	NUM	 4
" With Kevin it's much more collaborative in that I come up with a song idea and it can change completely from my original idea to the final product on the record. " Matheos originally intended the first OSI album as a " project " which would never	never	ADV	produce	VERB	 produce
The Corpus Juris Civilis, the name for the massive body of law promulgated by Emperor Justinian from the 530s CE and onwards, consists of two historical collections of laws and their interpretation (the Digest, opinions of the pre eminent lawyers from the past, and the	the	DET	Codex	PROPN	 Codex
He remained in the team when Australia toured the Caribbean later in 1995; the West Indies lost the Test series 2 – 1, their first defeat in a Test series since 1980. After taking two wickets in four ODIs, Ambrose took 13 wickets at 19.84 in	in	ADP	the	DET	 the
Congress passed a bill authorizing the creation of ten regiments, and Pierce was appointed colonel and commander of the 9th Infantry Regiment in February 1847, with Truman B. Ransom as lieutenant colonel and second in command. On March 3, 1847, Pierce was promoted to brigadier	brigadier	NOUN	general	NOUN	 general
They were opposed by leaders such as Tilak and Lala Lajpat Rai, who sought quick action towards freedom. In 1906, a delegation of Muslim leaders headed by the Aga Khan called on the new Viceroy of India, Lord Minto, to assure him of their loyalty	loyalty	NOUN	and	CCONJ	 and
His newfound appreciation is seen in the range and scope of his work. That March he painted landscapes using a gridded " perspective frame "; three of which were shown at the annual exhibition of the Société des Artistes Indépendants. In April, he was visited by	by	ADP	the	DET	 the
Reflecting on Donna's development in January 2011, Jacobs observed that she had changed a great deal from her early days, when she was used as a comical character with " bumbling one liners ", into a serious, more responsible person. Donna was raised by	by	ADP	her	PRON	 her
Resurrected from the mud on 17 May 1942, West Virginia received enough patchwork to sail for Washington State; she entered Puget Sound Naval Shipyard in 1942 for repairs and modernization. In July 1944 she emerged from her repairs and overhaul, and set out to rejoin the	the	DET	Pacific	PROPN	 Pacific
He also learned to play the french horn which later led to him being assigned as a bugler. After graduating from high school, he joined the Civilian Conservation Corps (CCC), where he became an assistant forestry clerk and assistant educational advisor for his company.	.	PUNCT	He	PRON	 He
The proposal was rejected by the full city council because it would overshadow the city hall. Further proposals were put on hold for several years. After discussing many locations, in 1898, chief of construction Ludwig Hoffmann became involved and the council agreed on Molkenmarkt. The	The	DET	32	NUM	 32
Propagation of the philosophy of self respect became the full time activity of Periyar since 1925. A Tamil weekly Kudi Arasu started in 1925, while the English journal Revolt started in 1928 carried on the propaganda among the English educated people. The Self Respect Movement began to	to	PART	grow	VERB	 grow
Competition between rowing athletes at the two schools has inspired an annual boat race between the two universities in the spring of each year since 1997, inspired by the famous Oxford Cambridge Boat Race. The football rivalry, which started in 1884, ended after Canadian university athletic	athletic	ADJ	divisions	NOUN	 divisions
The dervish responds by asking rhetorically why Pangloss is concerned about the existence of evil and good. The dervish describes human beings as mice on a ship sent by a king to Egypt; their comfort does not matter to the king. The dervish then slams his door	door	NOUN	on	ADP	 on
He appeared as a substitute for Vieira in the team's final group stage match against Togo and repeated this in the final match against Italy. France lost the final 5 – 3 in a penalty shootout, which Diarra did not participate in. After appearing in a	a	DET	November	PROPN	 November
Later that night, Dave wakes Hurley up to escape with him from the institute. Dave hops out of a window, but Hurley confronts him and declares that Dave is not real, and shuts the window on him before going back to bed. A later flashback	flashback	NOUN	reveals	VERB	 reveals
TV Tokyo broadcast a 26 episode anime program between October 2004 and April 2005. In December 2005, a two part original video animation (OVA) entitled School Rumble: Extra Class was released. A second season, School Rumble: 2nd Semester, aired between April	April	PROPN	and	CCONJ	 and
Thrud was also introduced as a Blood Bowl player and Jervis Johnson commissioned an appropriate miniature. Heresy Miniatures has also produced three Thrud miniatures, including a limited edition " Strolling Thrud " that sold out within three weeks of release. On 29 March 2007, another limited	limited	ADJ	edition	NOUN	 edition
Auxiliaries that express direction and aktionsart (among other meanings) can with the assistance of a linking converb occupy the immediate postverbal position, e.g. uuž orhison drink converb leave perfect ' drank up '. The next position is filled by converb suffixes in connection with the auxiliary	auxiliary	ADJ	,	PUNCT	,
An estimate for 2009 reported that countries with the highest death rate per 100,000 of population were Ivory Coast (86.15), Angola (56.93) and Burkina Faso (50.66). A 2010 estimate indicated the deadliest countries per population were Burkina Faso, Mozambique and Mali	Mali	PROPN	.	PUNCT	.
In 2004, Speight participated in Rolf Harris's Rolf on Art, for which a giant reproduction of John Constable's The Hay Wain was created in Trafalgar Square. In 2005, he was involved in a similar project where Hans Holbein's portrait of Henry VIII and	and	CCONJ	Leonardo	PROPN	 Leonardo
Dawson received many honours during his time as speaker, including a life membership in the Alberta Legislative Press Gallery Association, in which he had served as an honorary president. One year after his death, in 1964, the Vulcan Senior Citizens Centre was named " Peter	Peter	PROPN	Dawson	PROPN	 Dawson
In many cases, the Eye goddess and her consort then produce a divine child who becomes the new sun god. The goddess ' transformation from hostile to peaceful is a key step in the renewal of the sun god and the kingship that he represents. The dual	dual	ADJ	nature	NOUN	 nature
The real time land battles in Empire were considered well constructed. Expressing that The Creative Assembly had effectively implemented what it had learned since Shogun: Total War, GameSpy described the addition of personal firearms and friendly fire as something that " changes the tactical nature of the	the	DET	game	NOUN	 game
From 1999 to 2006, the 24th Infantry Division consisted of a headquarters and three separate National Guard brigades; the 30th Heavy Brigade Combat Team at Clinton, North Carolina, the 218th Heavy Brigade Combat Team at Columbia, South Carolina, and the 48th Infantry Brigade Combat	Combat	PROPN	Team	PROPN	 Team
Because Titus effectively acted as co emperor with his father, no abrupt change in Flavian policy occurred during his brief reign from 79 until 81. Domitian's approach to government was less subtle than his father and brother. Once Emperor, he quickly dispensed with the Republican	Republican	ADJ	facade	NOUN	 facade
She was briefly played by Cloris Leachman before June Lockhart stepped into the role. The character makes her first appearance mid fourth season (1957) and her last in the first episode of the eleventh season (1964); she appears in 208 episodes in total.	.	PUNCT	Ruth	PROPN	 Ruth
Among the key indicators of Christianisation are long cist cemeteries that generally indicate Christian burials due to their East West orientation, although this correlation has been challenged by recent research. These burials are found between the end of the Roman era and the 7th century, after which	which	DET	point	NOUN	 point
After the death of their manager Brian Epstein and the unpopular surreal television film, Magical Mystery Tour, the Beatles returned to a raw style with The Beatles (1968), Abbey Road (1969) and Let It Be (1970), before their eventual break	break	NOUN	up	ADP	 up
To fill the arena, local radio stations gave away tickets to the show. The event had a final attendance of 8,707. Canadian Online Explorer's professional wrestling section rated the entire event a 7 out of 10 stars. The rating was higher than the Unforgiven event	event	NOUN	in	ADP	 in
One retired captain, Erwin Planck, seemed to realise this: " if you look on without lifting a finger, " he said to his friend, General Werner von Fritsch, " you will meet the same fate sooner or later. " Another rare exception was	was	AUX	Field	PROPN	 Field
In this game, there is also a new creation mode giving players the ability to create their designs. From WWE 2K14 alongside the " Superstar Threads " feature, in the " Create a Superstar " mode there was a new part of it called " Superstar Heads	Heads	PROPN	"	PUNCT	 "
Employing a 75 mm gun, which was fired over open sights due to the closeness of the fighting, along with some 37 mm guns and a number of machine guns of varying calibre, they fought fiercely. Halted by fire, the Australians called in fire support	support	NOUN	to	PART	 to
We call on all volunteers loyal to the Irish Republic to unite to uphold the Republic and establish a permanent national parliament representative of all the people. " The RIRA launched its new campaign on 25 February with an attempted bombing of Shackleton Army Barracks in Ballykelly. The	The	DET	bombers	NOUN	 bombers
A nearby ship estimated winds of 80 mph (130 km), indicating the presence of the hurricane. It moved northward initially, passing about 220 mi (355 km) west of Bermuda on September 4. Thereafter, the hurricane turned toward the northeast, and	and	CCONJ	the	DET	 the
Medieval: Total War received acclaim from reviewers; several critics commending it as a milestone in gaming. The real time battles were praised for their realism and the new feature of siege battles but also received some criticism for unit management. The depth and complexity of the	the	DET	strategy	NOUN	 strategy
Like its predecessor, Dragon Quest VI did not receive an English language localization because of being cost ineffective. At 4 MB, it was one of the largest games made for the SNES as well as the largest the console could support without adding bank switching circuitry to	to	ADP	the	DET	 the
By the time of his death, The Times was writing of him, " None of the great figures of the English theatre has been more versatile than he ", and the paper ranked his plays in " the classical tradition of Congreve, Sheridan, Wilde and	and	CCONJ	Shaw	PROPN	 Shaw
Between them, they have approximately 1700 pupils. Seaview Primary School was initially located in a mansion that was donated to the County of Angus and through the 1950s was the only primary school in Monifieth. The headmistress at that time was a Miss Booth. The old	old	ADJ	mansion	NOUN	 mansion
(Hello, world!). ((dot paren) is an immediate word that parses a parenthesis delimited string and displays it. As with the word. " the space character separating. (from Hello, world! is not part of the string.	.	PUNCT	The	DET	 The
Richman called Hopkins " a close and severe student, filling up all the spare hours of his life with reading, " while Sanderson wrote, " He attached himself in early youth to the study of books and men. " Besides reading, Hopkins also gained skills	skills	NOUN	in	ADP	 in
The results of the studies at Berkeley and Chicago showed that plutonium's physiological behavior differed significantly from that of radium. The most alarming result was that there was significant deposition of plutonium in the liver and in the " actively metabolizing " portion of bone. Furthermore,	,	PUNCT	the	DET	 the
The typical image of migration is of northern landbirds, such as swallows (Hirundinidae) and birds of prey, making long flights to the tropics. However, many Holarctic wildfowl and finch (Fringillidae) species winter in the North Temperate Zone, in regions with milder	milder	NOUN	winters	NOUN	 winters
Rudimentary houses were erected by the East Kent Railway company on nearby marshland in 1858 for the navvies who constructed the line through the area; these had been taken over by enginemen of the South Eastern and Chatham Railway by October 1904, when they were replaced by cottages	cottages	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
Character designer Shigenori Soejima made Yu with the idea that his entire personality be decided and portrayed by the player's in game actions and decisions. As a result, he wanted Yu to look more ambiguous than Makoto Yuki, the protagonist of Shin Megami Tensei: Persona	Persona	PROPN	3	NUM	 3
Elokeshi, " the object of desire ", had to be killed by Nobin to restore his honour. Titles of such plays reinforce the theme and focus on the mahant's crime. Examples include: Mohanter Chakrabhraman, Mohanter Ki Saja, Mohanter Karabash and Mohanter Ei	Ei	PROPN	Ki	PROPN	 Ki
Luis Navarro served as Garten and " B Luv " ' s recording assistant. Additional engineering was carried out by Andrew Wuepper. It was mixed by Jaycen Joshua Fowler and Dave Pencado at Larrabee Studios in Universal City, California. They were assisted in the process by	by	ADP	Giancarlo	PROPN	 Giancarlo
Wet Ones are reptilian creatures similar to fish but they can walk on land. These reptiles are most dangerous when they are in the water. Draconians protect Draconian City and carry swords and shields. Ormaar is the dragon that lives inside the mountain and confronts riders at	at	ADP	the	DET	 the
Each director sent its data to a Fuze Keeping Clock AA fire control system for gunnery calculations. Each " pom pom " was provided with its own Mk IV director that carried a range only Type 282 gunnery radar. The specifics of the Implacable class ships ' radar	radar	NOUN	suite	NOUN	 suite
The 113th Division then occupied the valley containing the Kunu ri — Sunchon road at that night and blocked the retreat route of the US 2nd Infantry Division. Upon receiving the news on November 29, 1st Battalion, Middlesex Regiment, part of 27th Brigade, tried to	to	PART	clear	VERB	 clear
A potentially large source of natural gas is the Marcellus Shale, which lies 1.5 to 2.0 miles (2.4 to 3.2 km) below the surface here and stretches from New York through Pennsylvania to Ohio and West Virginia. Estimates of the total natural gas in the black	black	ADJ	shale	NOUN	 shale
Track officials quickly slowed the race with caution flags and safety cars to dispatch recovery vehicles. Dumbreck was knocked unconscious after the initial impact but awoke and climbed from the car where he was found by the marshals and local Gendarmerie officers in the area. Dumbreck was later	later	ADV	given	VERB	 given
It also features on the badge of No. 603 (City of Edinburgh) Squadron which was based at RAF Turnhouse (now Edinburgh Airport) during Second World War. Images of the castle are used as a logo by organisations including Edinburgh Rugby, the Edinburgh Evening	Evening	PROPN	News	PROPN	 News
When he was starting out in the field of music, he went under the pseudonym " YmoH.S ", a reference to Yellow Magic Orchestra. He also cites the American jazz musician Chick Corea as a major influence. While creating the music for Final Fantasy XII,	,	PUNCT	however	ADV	 however
He submitted successfully before a magistrate that the Rules were ultra vires since section 90 (1), which stated that the Minister could make rules " generally for the purpose of carrying this Act into effect ", did not confer any power on the Minister to make	make	VERB	rules	NOUN	 rules
He suggests that each of these women was constrained largely by material circumstances, including " the demands of family and work, lack of financial independence, an indifferent publishing environment. " When discussing her career, Anderson was quite clear about where her duties lay: "	"	PUNCT	When	SCONJ	 When
The peak gust was 216 km / h (134 mph) at Saint Pierre, and the capital Saint Denis reported gusts of 178 km / h (111 mph). In addition to the winds, Firinga dropped record heavy rainfall on Réunion, including a report	report	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
She added that the event would be in " true Darren style ". Dawson felt that at this point in the relationship Darren is " besotted " with Nancy. He explained that Darren feels Nancy is good for him but Darren almost feels undeserving of her. Dawson	Dawson	PROPN	felt	VERB	 felt
Additionally, the specific heat capacity of liquid water is significantly higher than that of most materials that make up land. Together, these factors mean that the heat capacity of the layer participating in the seasonal cycle is much larger over the oceans than over land, with	with	ADP	the	DET	 the
Kelly Bourne from TV Week described the episode as " the television wedding of the year " and " a fairytale ceremony. " Bourne observed that the wedding would be the most exciting soap opera event of 1987. The head of drama at Network Ten, Rick Maier	Maier	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
This indemnity was worth about 180 years of the annual tribute the Song had been paying to the Jin since 1123. With little prospect of help from afar arriving, infighting broke out in the Song court between the officials who supported the Jin offer and those who opposed	opposed	VERB	it	PRON	 it
As Jon and Sam take their vows near a heart tree, Jon's direwolf brings him a dismembered hand. Daenerys Targaryen (Emilia Clarke) attempts to convince Khal Drogo (Jason Momoa) to return to her homeland and reclaim the throne of the Seven Kingdoms,	,	PUNCT	but	CCONJ	 but
Browning was envious of the Americans ' equipment, particularly the C 47 Dakota transports. On returning to the United Kingdom, he arranged for a joint exercise to be conducted with the 2nd Battalion, 503rd Parachute Infantry. In mid – September, as the 1st Airborne	Airborne	PROPN	Division	PROPN	 Division
In December 2009, Barcelona won the 2009 Club World Cup, thus becoming the first team ever to accomplish the sextuple. In May 2010, Barcelona won La Liga for the second consecutive time with a record Spanish league tally of 99 points out of 114 possible.	.	PUNCT	In	ADP	 In
Consequently, as historian Nóra Berend writes, Hungarian prehistory is " a tenuous construct based on linguistics, folklore analogies, archaeology, and later written evidence ", because there are no certain records of the Magyars before the 9th century and the identification of archaeological cultures with	with	ADP	peoples	NOUN	 peoples
Supply problems complicated the aircraft's production and the Pe 8s also had engine problems. As Soviet morale boosters, they were also high value targets for the Luftwaffe's fighter pilots. The loss rate of these aircraft, whether from mechanical failure, friendly fire, or	or	CCONJ	combat	NOUN	 combat
The internships seek to attract into museum and visual arts organizations students from historically underrepresented groups: people of African American, Asian, Latino / Hispanic, Native American, and Pacific Islander descent. A major Getty initiative for 2011 12 is Pacific Standard Time: Art in	in	ADP	LA	PROPN	 LA
The works dealing with the Old Testament included Commentary on Samuel, Commentary on Genesis, Commentaries on Ezra and Nehemiah, On the Temple, On the Tabernacle, Commentaries on Tobit, Commentaries on Proverbs, Commentaries on the Song of Songs, Commentaries on the Canticle of	of	ADP	Habakkuk	PROPN	 Habakkuk
However, Morris was unable to execute these plans. A group of New York City investors took over the railroad about 1916. They converted the railroad to standard gauge, operating initially with ex Pennsylvania Railroad 2 6 0s, but replacing them with Heislers when the 2	2	NUM	6	NUM	 6
Tenay promoted Raven versus Rhino for the NWA World Heavyweight Championship at Unbreakable on the August 19 episode of Impact!. The NWA World Tag Team Championship was defended at Unbreakable in a Four Way Elimination Tag Team match by then champions The Naturals (Andy Douglas and Chase	Chase	PROPN	Stevens	PROPN	 Stevens
" He allowed Asser to visit his new possessions and thence to return to St David's. Thereafter Asser seems to have divided his time between Wales and Alfred's court. Asser gives no information about his time in Wales, but mentions various places that he visited	visited	VERB	in	ADP	 in
The same technique was used by Aziz Ansari in " Soulmates ", during a scene in which Tom describes many slang nicknames he has given to foods, and in " The Fight ", in which Tom describes many strange entrepreneurial idea he has come up with.	.	PUNCT	The	DET	 The
The eight floor structure was built over, through, and around the original three story library while it was still in use. The first floor has numerous classrooms, auditorium spaces, and support services for students, such as tutoring, the writing center, and technology	technology	NOUN	assistance	NOUN	 assistance
BZP has been shown to have a mixed mechanism of action, acting on the serotonergic and dopaminergic receptor systems in a similar fashion to MDMA. BZP has amphetamine like actions on the serotonin reuptake transporter, which increase serotonin concentrations in the extracellular fluids surrounding the cell and	and	CCONJ	thereby	ADV	 thereby
The choice of the developers of Murder on the Orient Express to use Antoinette Marceau, rather than Poirot, as the protagonist and player character was criticized by some. 2404 disapproved of the choice, accusing the developers of not fully utilizing the talent of David Suchet,	,	PUNCT	arguably	ADV	 arguably
At this point, the project was still an original game. In later conversations with Iwata, Sakurai decided to use an existing Nintendo IP as the game's basis. This was inspired by feedback received from players of Super Smash Bros. Brawl that many members of its	its	PRON	character	NOUN	 character
Roy Moxham, a conservator at the University of London library, wrote a book on the customs line and his search for its remains that was published in 2001. This followed his finding, in 1995, of a passing mention of the hedge in Major General Sir	Sir	PROPN	W.H.	PROPN	 W.H.
At the northern end of Archway Road, the road re intersects with the traditional Great North Road route (at this point called North Hill). The roads almost immediately re diverge, with the Great North Road route heading north as the A1000 towards Finchley, Whetstone	Whetstone	PROPN	and	CCONJ	 and
According to Robert Zoellick, a State Department official involved in the Two Plus Four negotiating process, this appears to be a misperception, and no formal commitment regarding enlargement was made. Other authors, such as Mark Kramer, have also highlighted that in 1990 neither side	side	NOUN	imagined	VERB	 imagined
Disco was very popular during the 1970s, so some dance styles at that time such as waacking and hustle stemmed from disco music rather than funk. Hip hop became more mainstream in the 1980s, and this surge in interest combined with the popularity of Soul Train kick	kick	NOUN	started	VERB	 started
Taylor initially cabled the State Department back in the US to state a " naked military fist " had " crumpled [the] carefully woven fabric of civilian government ", and that the arrest of the civilians would be " immediately and understandably interpreted by all the world	world	NOUN	as	ADP	 as
All three types of shells used the same propellant charges: an RPC / 38 42.5 kg (93.7 lb) fore charge and an RPC / 38 76.5 kg (168.6 lb) main charge. They fired these shells at a rate of fire of 3.5 rounds per	per	ADP	minute	NOUN	 minute
For example, some priests make on the use of the so called internal forum solution (which is not sanctioned by the Magisterium) to justify actions or lifestyles incompatible with Church teaching, such as Christ's prohibition of remarriage after divorce or sexual activity outside marriage.	.	PUNCT	The	DET	 The
Boone was given his first rifle at the age of 12, as families depended on hunting for much of their food. He learned to hunt from both local settlers and the Lenape. Folk tales have often emphasized Boone's skills as a hunter. In one story	story	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
State law allows the Division of Alcoholic Beverage Control to create temporary permits " to provide for contingencies where it would be appropriate and consonant with the spirit of this chapter to issue a license, but the contingency has not been expressly provided for. " Special permits are	are	AUX	allowed	VERB	 allowed
He'd say, ' I got this tune I want you to help me with... come on down to the studio... Can you sing this part? Can you play this part? ' Covay has sometimes identified Hendrix as a participant and on others does not	not	PART	mention	VERB	 mention
The armour of the gun turrets and their barbettes was 6 inches thick while that of the casemates was 5 inches thick. The protective deck armour ranged in thickness from 1 – 2.5 inches (25 – 64 mm) and the conning tower was protected by 12 inches	inches	NOUN	(	PUNCT	 (
There comes a time when you can't wait any longer and I needed to sort my future out so here we are ". Bridges made his Kettering Town debut in a 2 – 0 away win at Lincoln City on 10 September 2011, the club's first	first	ADJ	away	ADV	 away
Many DNA polymerases have a proofreading activity. Here, the polymerase recognizes the occasional mistakes in the synthesis reaction by the lack of base pairing between the mismatched nucleotides. If a mismatch is detected, a 3′ to 5′ exonuclease activity is activated and the incorrect base removed	removed	VERB	.	PUNCT	.
Napoleon concluded that the people of Marseille should reject counter revolutionary ideals and adopt the constitution of the French Republic in order to end the civil war and allow the regular army to restore France. Following their conversation the group drank champagne until two in the morning, paid	paid	VERB	for	ADP	 for
Its staff, battle system and two main characters were revealed along with the game's main theme, Yuruginaki shinnen no RPG (揺るぎなき信念のRPG?, lit. " RPG of Unwavering Convictions "). Between January and March 2011, Namco released information about the other four	four	NUM	playable	ADJ	 playable
Eastern Cuba was affected " with some force ", but damage was not significant. Entering the Atlantic Ocean, the system passed through the southeastern Bahamas and Turks and Caicos Islands without causing damage. While centered about halfway between Bermuda and Turks and Caicos Islands, the	the	DET	storm	NOUN	 storm
Such a space is called a Euclidean space. However, in Riemannian geometry, a generalization of this expression useful for general coordinates (not just Cartesian) and general spaces (not just Euclidean) takes the form: <formula> which is called the metric tensor	tensor	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
Metcalfe explained that Mercedes feared that Silas would escape and explained that Mercedes never recovered from her ordeal but did what she usually did: " put it in a box and tried to forget about it. If Mercedes dwelt on all the bad things she's been through	through	ADP	,	PUNCT	,
As early as 1876, the wall tablets were described as " full of sad memories to the old inhabitants, interesting reminiscences to those who have studied Australian history ". The first monument erected in the church was the memorial to Commodore Sir James Brisbane, who died	died	VERB	in	ADP	 in
At the age of eight he went to Germany to stay with his stepmother in order to learn German. He attended St. John's Military Academy in Delafield, Wisconsin, and arrived at Princeton University in the second half of 1921. Unaccustomed to the elite atmosphere of	of	ADP	the	DET	 the
Andrew Greer of Christianity Today gave the album four out of five stars, praising it as " Magically marrying deep soul with melodic rock throughout the entire twelve track list " and saying that it " is yet another attractive release in an illustrious discography certain to be celebrated	celebrated	VERB	for	ADP	 for
The palaces constructed for the nobility centred on great timber halls, while manor houses began to appear in rural areas. The Normans brought with them architectural styles from their own duchy, where austere stone churches were preferred. Under the early Norman kings this style was adapted	adapted	VERB	to	PART	 to
Ultimately, the Allied blockade prevented the Central Powers from importing horses to replace those lost, which contributed to Germany's defeat. By the end of the war, even the well supplied U.S. Army was short of horses. Conditions were severe for horses at the front	front	NOUN	;	PUNCT	;
Verlaine's lyrics combined urban and pastoral imagery, references to lower Manhattan, themes of adolescence, and influences from French poetry. He also used puns and double entendres to give his songs an impressionistic quality describing the perception of an experience rather than its specific details.	.	PUNCT	When	SCONJ	 When
In time, restrictions on discussing Sikorski began to ease; on a centennial anniversary of his birth in 1981, commemorative events were held on the Rzeszów Voivodeship, including an academic conference, and revealing of plaques in Nisko and Leżajsk. Ryszard Zieliński published a novel on	on	ADP	him	PRON	 him
Eric retells the Greek myth of the suitors of Penelope, in which Penelope, whose husband Ulysses is erroneously believed to be dead, resists a large number of marriage proposals until Ulysses returns and kills the suitors. Eric uses the story to suggest that one should be	be	AUX	faithful	ADJ	 faithful
At about 10: 00, Chauvel contacted Brigadier General E. S. Girdwood, commanding 156th Infantry Brigade, requesting his brigade temporarily relieve the light horse brigades until they had watered their horses in preparation for a mounted counterattack. Girdwood refused because his brigade was being held in	in	ADP	reserve	NOUN	 reserve
The rifle game was turned into a separately sold add on game, Shooting Gallery, and Magnavox added paper money, playing cards, and poker chips to the console, to go along with the plastic overlays for the games that enhanced the primitive visuals. The new	new	ADJ	additions	NOUN	 additions
In 1978, Van Halen emerged from the Los Angeles music scene with a sound based around the skills of lead guitarist Eddie Van Halen. He popularised a guitar playing technique of two handed hammer ons and pull offs called tapping, showcased on the song " Eruption "	"	PUNCT	from	ADP	 from
Another exception was the use of strobe lights, which were programmed together with the coloured lights. Blue colour was avoided throughout, since the filmmakers did not associate it with dreams. Noé was the film's camera operator, except for a few shots of Oscar running	running	VERB	in	ADP	 in
The only other Egyptian freestyle wrestler to take part in more than one bout was Ibrahim Farag in the 55 kg class, who lost against eventual silver medalist Vladimer Khinchegashvili of Georgia in the qualification round and Bulgaria's Radoslav Velikov in the repechage. He was African senior	senior	ADJ	champion	NOUN	 champion
At this time, the aircraft had a lateral deviation from the approach centerline of 3.7 kilometres (2.3 mi). The aircraft started descending at 08: 20: 24 UTC. A corrective turn was made at 08: 21: 13 UTC and completed 11 seconds	seconds	NOUN	later	ADV	 later
" Subsequent histories, including William Laird Clowes ' book of 1900 and Richard Woodman's of 2001 follow James, but in his 1837 reprint Brenton defended the account and named Alexander Robert Kerr, second lieutenant of Boston during the action, as his source. In the	the	DET	same	ADJ	 same
As of 2010 the two councillors for Street North are both Liberal Democrats, Street West has one Liberal Democrat councillor and Street South is represented by two councillors one of which is a Liberal Democrat and the other is independent of any political party. Somerset County Council is	is	AUX	responsible	ADJ	 responsible
Desperate to survive, Trondheim kills Olafsson after he reveals the secret, and sets out to keep the water for himself. Scully learns from blood tests that the contaminated water causes rapid cellular damage and dramatically increases sodium chloride in the body. She tries to ration the	the	DET	drinkable	ADJ	 drinkable
In a symbolic show of unity, countries from around the world donated trees and the city of Naples, Italy, donated the Imagine mosaic centerpiece. A symbolic grave for Lennon was erected in Prague's Mala Strana square, which hosted demonstrations during the fall of the	the	DET	communist	ADJ	 communist
After he was honorably discharged in 1946, O'Neill studied for an undergraduate degree in physics and mathematics at Swarthmore College. As a child he had discussed the possibilities of humans in space with his parents, and in college he enjoyed working on rocket equations. However,	,	PUNCT	he	PRON	 he
Prior to the decision Santos scored a knockdown which lasted until the count of eight. Following the fight Daniel noted that " it was a hard fight. " and that Rivera was a " hardy boxer with strong punches ", stating that his physical condition was responsible	responsible	ADJ	for	ADP	 for
For the second trial, in which Indiana spells " Iehova " on stable stepping stones, it was intended to have a tarantula crawl up Indiana after he mistakenly steps on " J ". This was filmed and deemed unsatisfactory, so ILM filmed a stuntman hanging through	through	ADP	a	DET	 a
In Brazil, Póvoa de Varzim is twinned with major cities. It is twinned with Rio de Janeiro since November 8th, 1989 it also built town twinning links with the city of São Paulo. These metropolises hold Casa dos Poveiros, voluntary associations of immigrants from Póvoa	Póvoa	PROPN	de	X	 de
In addition to visual art, Arts at the Airport includes various live music exhibitions, showcasing Nashville's musical heritage. Arts at the Airport is supported by the MNAA and the Tennessee Arts Commission (TAC), and is funded under an agreement with the State of	of	ADP	Tennessee	PROPN	 Tennessee
The band played a European tour in August 2014, culminating in them headlining the Reading and Leeds Festivals; it was the band's fourth appearance at the festival and second headlining slot. In his autobiography, Can I Say, Barker claims DeLonge's behavior on tour	tour	NOUN	was	AUX	 was
, about 15 militiamen and a small force of Six Nations and other Indians under Capt. William Johnson Kerr and Dominique Ducharme to surprise and attack the enemy at Beechwoods (or Beaver Dams) and after a short engagement, to capture Col. Bosler of the U.S.	U.S.	PROPN	Army	PROPN	 Army
The plant has also been used to make dyes and torches. Verbascum thapsus is a dicotyledonous plant that produces a rosette of leaves in its first year of growth. The leaves are large, up to 50 cm long. The second year plants normally produce a single	single	ADJ	unbranched	ADJ	 unbranched
It contained a total of 399 swear words (the word " fuck " was used 146 times), 199 offensive gestures and also contained 221 acts of violence. Jack Valenti, president of the MPAA, later said he regretted not giving the film an NC 17	17	NUM	rating	NOUN	 rating
After battling a vicious northwester that brought sleet, hail, and snow, the division was further buffeted by a severe gale off the Grand Banks that began on 29 November. Captain Henry Wiley of Wyoming would later recall of that storm, " At the height of	of	ADP	the	DET	 the
” A reviewer from Who Magazine called the song " Funky, Spunky, Rocky, Big. " Gareth Gorman said that while the song showcased Minogue's " thin vocals ", he followed saying " it still works due to one of those melody lines that is	is	AUX	inevitable	ADJ	 inevitable
Fischer ’ s views and behavior attracted widespread comment Reuben Fine, psychologist and chess player, who met Fischer many times, said that " Some of Bobby's behavior is so strange, unpredictable, odd and bizarre that even his most ardent apologists have had a hard	hard	ADJ	time	NOUN	 time
His official exit from RAAF was on 22 February 1952. The Prime Minister sent him a letter thanking him for his " valuable contribution ", which would " long be remembered ". Following his departure from the Air Force in 1952, Jones became Director of Coordination	Coordination	PROPN	with	ADP	 with
After a tumultuous show trial, Fabre, Desmoulins, and other top supporters of Danton went to the scaffold with their leader on 16 Germinal (5 April 1794). In his report, Saint Just had promised that this would be a " final cleansing " of	of	ADP	the	DET	 the
The draft legislation states a number of tests, standards and measures that must first be developed for an Acoustic Vehicle Alerting Systems (AVAS) to be compulsory in the future. The approved amendment establishes that the sound to be generated by the AVAS should be a continuous	continuous	ADJ	sound	NOUN	 sound
Astatine is also thought to be capable of forming cations in salts with oxyanions such as iodate or dichromate; this is based on the observation that, in acidic solutions, monovalent or intermediate positive states of astatine coprecipitate with the insoluble salts of metal cations such as silver	silver	NOUN	(	PUNCT	 (
The inscription was clumsily written on top of a mortar putty and says in translation: " Church of Saint John, built by chartophylax Paul ". Despite being dated to the 10th century and its mention of the church's dedication and its potential donor, it can	can	AUX	not	PART	 not
Under White's leadership, Hampshire County's Democratic delegation was the first Democratic county organization in West Virginia to hold public meetings in opposition to Cleveland's fiscal policies. As the county executive committee chairman, White was the first Democrat in Hampshire County to deliver a public	public	ADJ	speech	NOUN	 speech
Rob Neyer summarized the debate and ultimately endorsed Ruiz when he wrote, " It's Ruiz who has established himself as the superior hitter, almost solely because we expect him to draw more walks than Coste. Yes, Coste does have superior stats as a major leaguer	leaguer	NOUN	...	PUNCT	...
Arriving in Delagoa Bay on a ship with J.A. Smellekamp as supercarga – he later became a well known figure in South Africa – and his two travel companions and fellow migrants, Hendrik van der Linden and W.P.J. Poen, he travelled across the Lebombo Mountains in an ox	ox	ADJ	cart	NOUN	 cart
On July 30, 1864, a large portion of the town was burned down by Brig. Gen. John McCausland for failing to provide a ransom of $500,000 in U.S. currency, or $100,000 in gold. Among the few buildings left standing was the Masonic Temple	Temple	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
Gimsa et al. (2015) suggest that the dorsal sail of Spinosaurus was homologous to the dorsal fins of sailfish and served a hydrodynamic purpose. Gimsa and others point out that more basal, long legged spinosaurids have otherwise round or crescent shaped dorsal sails, whereas	whereas	SCONJ	in	ADP	 in
Jenny Marra, Labour's deputy finance and youth employment spokeswoman, also decided not to stand. Marra was subsequently appointed to lead Murphy's campaign alongside James Kelly, MSP for Rutherglen. Murphy, a former President of the National Union of Students, was first elected	elected	VERB	to	ADP	 to
The median income for a household in the city was $34,194, and the median income for a family was $47,491. Males had a median income of $30,703 versus $21,573 for females. The per capita income for the city was $18,395. About	About	ADV	9.3	NUM	 9.3
The Quays received millions of pounds of investment and a public consultation and public inquiry resulted in government endorsement in 1994. In autumn 1995 a 4 mile (6.4 km) Metrolink line branching from Cornbrook tram stop to Eccles via Salford Quays capitalising on the regenerated Quayside was	was	AUX	confirmed	VERB	 confirmed
During the night the colonists constructed a strong redoubt on Breed's Hill, as well as smaller fortified lines across the Charlestown Peninsula. By daybreak of June 17 the British became aware of the presence of colonial forces on the Peninsula, and mounted an attack against them	them	PRON	that	DET	 that
During each turn, the player can move their armies into neutral and enemy territories to take control of them. While neutral territories are conquered by simply entering them, enemy territories must be wrested from the other player by defeating them in a skirmish. Troops can be	be	AUX	garrisoned	VERB	 garrisoned
Part 1 deals with the investigation of Deputy Director Alvin Kersh by special agent John Doggett (Robert Patrick) and Doggett's related investigation into the death of EPA official Carl Wormus. In Part 2, Scully, Reyes, and Doggett are led to a ship,	,	PUNCT	where	SCONJ	 where
In 1932 the Puerto Rican Attorney General, aided by top ranking Puerto Rican doctors, had investigated all of the work of Rhoads and the Rockefeller Project, including 13 deaths that occurred among nearly 300 patients treated. They found no evidence of wrongdoing or crimes. In	In	ADP	addition	NOUN	 addition
Oral immunotherapy may be effective at desensitizing some people to certain food including milk, eggs, nuts and peanuts; however, adverse effects are common. Desensitization is also possible for many medications, however it is advised that most people simply avoid the agent in question.	.	PUNCT	In	ADP	 In
Surcouf sent these with prize crews to Isle de France, and then returned himself on 31 January 1808. When a British captive officer challenged Surcouf with the words " You French fight for money while we fight for honour ", Surcouf replied " Each of us fights	fights	VERB	for	ADP	 for
The exigencies of music making in wartime taught Poulenc much about writing for whatever instruments were available; then, and later, some of his works were for unusual combinations of players. At this stage in his career Poulenc was conscious of his lack of academic musical training	training	NOUN	;	PUNCT	;
Her integration into the street and the lives of the other residents has matured Donna and she leads the normal life she always wanted. In May 2009, Robbie said that Donna is a " really likeable character " and that she gets to play out funny and crazy	crazy	ADJ	storylines	NOUN	 storylines
The company's directors gave Cornwallis the task of coming up with a taxation scheme that would meet the company's objectives without being an undue burden on the working men of its territories. John Shore (who went on to succeed Cornwallis as Governor General) and Charles	Charles	PROPN	Grant	PROPN	 Grant
Perl code can be made portable across Windows and Unix; such code is often used by suppliers of software (both COTS and bespoke) to simplify packaging and maintenance of software build- and deployment scripts. Graphical user interfaces (GUIs) may be developed using Perl.	.	PUNCT	For	ADP	 For
" The website of the Parliamentary Library of the Parliament of Australia lists Boothroyd's site as a resource, as does the Gilbert + Tobin Centre of Public Law at The University of New South Wales. The Data & Information Services Center of the University of Wisconsin said	said	VERB	that	SCONJ	 that
" Price Peterson of TV.com heavily praised what he called a " great episode " and " a fitting send off for Duncan ". He elaborated that " as much as he and Veronica were a good match, there's only so much you can do dramatically with	with	ADP	a	DET	 a
The village is home to neighborhoods and business and residential areas, including the central business district, the hamlets of Scarborough and Chilmark, and residential areas Central Briarcliff West, the Tree Streets and the Crossroads. Scarborough, often called Scarborough on Hudson because it borders the	the	DET	Hudson	PROPN	 Hudson
Darren and Cindy later begin to show genuine affection for each other by helping each other through difficult times in their lives. Dawson has said that Cindy was the most suitable for Darren out of his previous relationships. In an interview with What's on TV, when	when	SCONJ	asked	VERB	 asked
In 1967, the proposal of the spa surfaced again, when F & N proposed plans for the development of a bathhouse, restaurants, a miniature golf course and even a nature reserve. However, the plans did not materialize, so the hot spring remained untouched	untouched	ADJ	and	CCONJ	 and
In one, he introduced party president Léon Balcer, a Quebecer, who gave the speech. Diefenbaker had no objection to makeup and, according to Meisel, was prepared to adopt any technique which would make his presentation more effective. A survey in populous southwestern Ontario	Ontario	PROPN	showed	VERB	 showed
" This mission... was canceled January 16, 2004, if you'd have told me on that day I'd be sitting here five years later with a totally successful five EVA mission, with a brand new Hubble once again that will probably operate well into the	the	DET	third	ADJ	 third
The JNA campaign plan was amended shortly before the campaign to include the relief of JNA barracks besieged by the ZNG. The besieging and subsequent capture of several JNA facilities allowed Croatia to arm its previously poorly equipped military and to equip new recruits. The campaign effectively started	started	VERB	on	ADP	 on
Epstein saw numerous posters around Liverpool advertising concerts by the Beatles as well as in the second issue of Mersey Beat, which had " Beatles sign Recording Contract! " on the front cover, as the Beatles had recorded the " My Bonnie " single with Tony Sheridan	Sheridan	PROPN	in	ADP	 in
Kitty Empire of The Guardian argued that instances such as this established Gaga as a figure comparable to Madonna. Referring to her emerging popularity, Jon Dolan from Rolling Stone notes that " Bad Romance " makes the singer's name a " Teutonic chant ". A columnist	columnist	NOUN	from	ADP	 from
Effross notes that the copyright page of The Book of est gives a notice that: " material based in part on unpublished lectures created and copyrighted by Werner Erhard and used by the author with his permission. No material created and copyrighted by Werner Erhard may be used	used	VERB	or	CCONJ	 or
After graduating from high school, Junkin played college football with the Duke Blue Devils. He played in three games for the Blue Devils as a freshman. In one game against North Carolina State, Junkin had 25 tackles en route to a 27 – 26 Duke victory	victory	NOUN	;	PUNCT	;
Howard expressed the team's desire to re encapsulate the " wonder of discovery " of Morrowind's game world in Skyrim, as the return to the classic fantasy of Arena and The Elder Scrolls II: Daggerfall in Oblivion meant sacrificing a world with a unique culture.	.	PUNCT	As	ADP	 As
The film bears the superscription, " Dedicated to Ralph Richardson 1902 – 1983 – In Loving Memory " As a man, Richardson was on the one hand deeply private and on the other flamboyantly unconventional. Frank Muir said of him, " It's the Ralphdom of	of	ADP	Ralph	PROPN	 Ralph
It is definitely the right place for Paramore fans to play along. " The video was released on January 29, 2014; a behind the scenes clip was released on March 3 of that year. The video starts with Paramore holding electric guitars, heading towards the	the	DET	side	NOUN	 side
She was influenced in particular by Yvon Chouinard's ethic of " leaving no trace " on the rock. Moreover, the climbing of Beverly Johnson captured her imagination, particularly Johnson's 10 day solo of Dihedral Wall on El Capitan. As Hill explains in her autobiography	autobiography	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
It was too close to the coast to be used as a squadron base, but squadrons were detached there on a day to day basis. Lympne was also to have been the landing place for a German aircraft used in a plot to kidnap Adolf Hitler, with	with	ADP	preparations	NOUN	 preparations
Ultimately, Rachel decides against having surgery. Club member Santana Lopez (Naya Rivera) uses Rachel's broken nose as a launching point to highlight the other group members ' physical flaws. Aiming to help them achieve self acceptance, glee club director Will Schuester (Matthew	Matthew	PROPN	Morrison	PROPN	 Morrison
She rejected the traditional tiara and instead wore a headpiece covered in pearls. Of her promenade around the ballroom, during which she swayed her shoulders and hips, Michelle later said " high school girls were imitating it for a year after that: the ' Zulu queen	queen	NOUN	'	PUNCT	 '
" Tony Kornheiser of The New York Times wrote: " Jenner is twirling the nation like a baton. He and wife, Chrystie, are so high up on the pedestal of American heroism, it would take a crane to get them down. " After the	the	DET	expected	VERB	 expected
The game's battle theme, " Hunting ", was originally going to be the boss theme, but its instrumentation was wrong and so it was changed to the normal battle theme. For the second game, Meguro changed the original's dark tone to give it	it	PRON	a	DET	 a
In 2004 he toured the United States and Canada with Seville flamenco singer La Tana, but subsequently greatly reduced his live performances in public. He retired from full touring, and would only give a few concerts a year, usually in Spain and Germany and at European	European	ADJ	festivals	NOUN	 festivals
The most powerful of Phrygia's successor states were Lydia, Caria and Lycia. Starting around 1200 BC, the coast of Anatolia was heavily settled by Aeolian and Ionian Greeks. Numerous important cities were founded by these colonists, such as Miletus, Ephesus, Smyrna (	(	PUNCT	now	ADV	now
To promote the album, the Kinks spent the end of 1981 and most of 1982 touring relentlessly, and played multiple sell out concerts throughout Australia, Japan, England and America. The tour culminated with a performance at the US Festival in San Bernardino, California,	,	PUNCT	for	ADP	 for
Graves, forced to scuttle one of his ships, returned to New York for repairs. Smaller ships from the French fleet then assisted in transporting the Franco American army down the Chesapeake to Yorktown, completing the encirclement of Cornwallis. On September 6, General Clinton wrote	wrote	VERB	a	DET	 a
The phylogenetic relationships in the genus Sarcoscypha were analyzed by Francis Harrington in the late 1990s. Her cladistic analysis combined comparisons of the sequences of the internal transcribed spacer in the non functional RNA with fifteen traditional morphological characteristics, such as spore features, fruit body shape,	,	PUNCT	and	CCONJ	 and
The performance was recorded by La Voz de su Amo (His Master's Voice) and appeared on three 78 rpm discs. It was recorded twice under the direction of Nadia Boulanger, a 1937 version recorded in Paris and a 1938 version recorded in Boston. There	There	PRON	are	VERB	 are
Numerous women have claimed or been claimed to be the model, some presenting different versions of events. In 1913, a Miss Louise Buckley, performing in Eugene, Oregon, said that she had been paid $1,000 and posed in the artist's studio. The	The	DET	Paris	PROPN	 Paris
The unauthorised slums (devoid of basic services provided by the municipality) are occupied by squatters who started living on encroached lands — mainly along canals, railway lines and roads. According to the 2005 National Family Health Survey, around 14% of the households in Kolkata	Kolkata	PROPN	were	AUX	 were
In 1896, the city council and mayor were authorized by the state to issue $5,000 in bonds to build a new school building. In 1914, the existing school was torn down and two new structures were built. Since schools were segregated at that time,	,	PUNCT	a	DET	 a
At an elevation of 20°, the guns had a range of 15,920 yards (14,560 m). Jacob Jones was also equipped with eight 21 inch (533 mm) torpedo tubes. The General Board of the United States Navy had called for two anti aircraft	aircraft	NOUN	guns	NOUN	 guns
This Week sent three journalists to investigate the circumstances surrounding the shootings from both Spain and Gibraltar. Using eyewitness accounts, and with the cooperation of the Spanish authorities, the documentary reconstructed the events leading up to the shootings; the Spanish police assisted in the reconstruction of	of	ADP	the	DET	 the
The stadium had hosted the showpiece event before. The most recent was the 1994 final. Coincidentally Milan were the winners, beating Barcelona 4 – 0. The other final held at the ground was in 1983, when Hamburg beat Juventus 1 – 0. The ground	ground	NOUN	had	AUX	 had
Egyptian Muslims who went on the annual pilgrimage to Mecca risked being quarantined upon their return. Russia and Taiwan said they would quarantine visitors with fevers who come from areas where the flu was present. Japan quarantined 47 airline passengers in a hotel for a week in mid	mid	ADJ	May	PROPN	 May
Benzema expressed gratitude at winning the award, stating, " It is a pleasure to win an individual trophy. When I see the previous winners — Zidane, Henry and other major players — it makes me proud to join them on the list. " In the	the	DET	team	NOUN	 team
Retrospective reviews of the album were also positive. Jon Pareles of The New York Times said that The Chronic and Snoop Dogg's Doggystyle " made the gangsta life sound like a party occasionally interrupted by gunplay ". AllMusic's Steve Huey compared Dr. Dre to his inspiration	inspiration	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
He further wrote that none of them are impressive. " Recording Recorded at Sarm Studios, London, UK; Westlake Recording Studios, Los Angeles, CA. Mixed at Larrabbee Studios, Burbank, CA. Personnel Credits adapted from the liner notes of Unapologetic, Def	Def	PROPN	Jam	PROPN	 Jam
Warned by friendly Oneidas on July 30 that the British were just four days from Fort Stanwix, Herkimer put out a call to arms. The force raised totaled 800 from the Tryon County militia; it was composed primarily of poorly trained farmers, who were chiefly of	of	ADP	Palatine	ADJ	 Palatine
According to Snorri Sturluson, Augvald was killed by a man named Varin, although the Flateyjarbok says it was someone called Dixin. The Saga of Half & His Heroes names Augvald's killer as " Hækling's men ", which possibly only refers to caped men.	.	PUNCT	According	VERB	 According
However, this same scene of the Libyan attack was used two hundred years later in the mortuary temple of Pepi II (2284 – 2184 BC) and in the temple of Taharqa at Kawa, built some 1800 years after Sahure's lifetime. In particular, the	the	DET	same	ADJ	 same
The book is divided into three parts (Mississauga Goddam, Rock Show, and Heaven), which all work to highlight what an extraordinary talent Munro had for community cultivation. It begins with Munro's childhood spent in Mississauga, which both of his parents state that	that	PRON	Munro	PROPN	 Munro
Meanwhile, the Danubian Principalities (whose rulers also considered themselves the heirs of the Eastern Roman Emperors) harboured Orthodox refugees, including some Byzantine nobles. At his death, the role of the emperor as a patron of Eastern Orthodoxy was claimed by Ivan III, Grand	Grand	PROPN	duke	NOUN	 duke
The kick rolled into the end zone for a touchback, and Alabama's offense began at its 20 yard line. Alexander was tackled for a two yard loss, then Zow threw an interception to Anthony Midget, who returned the ball all the way into the end	end	NOUN	zone	NOUN	 zone
The episode received a 7.1 rating / 19 share among viewers in the 18 – 49 demographic, and was the eighth highest rated show on the NBC network that week. " Back Up, Dancer " finished in 13th place in the weekly ratings for the week of	of	ADP	September	PROPN	 September
Influenced by progressive rock and hard rock, with lyrics dealing with Satan and the occult, Mercyful Fate were part of the first wave of black metal in the early to mid 1980s. Many of the bands from this movement went on to influence later black metal musicians	musicians	NOUN	in	ADP	 in
The eruption produced pyroclastic flows that melted summit glaciers and snow, generating four thick lahars that raced down river valleys on the volcano's flanks. It also destroyed a small lake that was observed in Arenas crater several months before the eruption. Water in such volcanic lakes	lakes	NOUN	tends	VERB	 tends
The episode received varied reviews from critics and viewers. Reviewers generally disliked the episode's humor, but were positive about the more serious moments. Todd VanDerWerff of The A.V. Club believed that the show's concept, which allowed only two characters and a single scene,	,	PUNCT	was	AUX	 was
During the American wars, the coat was long tailed, with buff facings, buff waistcoat and breeches. The grenadier company wore a bearskin hat with the King's Crest and the regimental number. Officers wore crimson sash, gorget and silver epaulettes. When becoming a	a	DET	light	ADJ	 light
A 30 foot (9.1 m) rangefinder replaced the smaller one originally fitted in ' X ' turret in 1919. Similarly, another large rangefinder was fitted in ' B ' turret during the ship's 1921 – 22 refit. A simple high angle rangefinder was added	added	VERB	above	ADP	 above
A music video for the single was filmed, featuring a topless woman caressing Dulli as he lip syncs the song, and received rotation on MTV. Congregation was reissued in September 1998. It was released in the United Kingdom on November 22, 1999, through PIAS	PIAS	PROPN	Recordings	PROPN	 Recordings
Annette O'Toole, who previously portrayed Lana Lang in Superman III, and who was fresh off the recent cancellation of her television series The Huntress, was cast in Ettinger's place, reshooting the scenes Ettinger had filmed. Eric Johnson, after auditioning for the roles of	of	ADP	Lex	PROPN	 Lex
It was part of a three week run in which McCabe failed to pass 15 in six innings and did not take a wicket. McCabe made fifties in the two first class matches before the Fifth and final Test at The Oval, where Australia played an extra batsman	batsman	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
Bo's leadership in Chongqing dramatically raised his profile, both nationally and internationally. In 2010, he was named as one of the ' World's 100 Most Influential People in 2010 ' by Time. Observers noted that, in China's non electoral political system,	,	PUNCT	Bo	PROPN	 Bo
Extraordinary efforts resulted in the development of a number of 400 horsepower (300 kW) engines. He controversially rejected the General Motors 6046 diesel engine in favor of gasoline engines. Battlefield experience would demonstrate that the diesel engine was superior. The quest for a better engine	engine	NOUN	eventually	ADV	 eventually
According to the Public Stadium Authority's website, the event center contributes more than half a billion dollars to the region's economy. The center was renamed the CenturyLink Field Event Center in June 2011, following the acquisition of Qwest Communications by CenturyLink and the renaming of	of	ADP	the	DET	 the
Early marriages, such as that of Abd al Aziz ibn Musa and Egilona at the turn of the 8th century, was thought to help establish the legitimacy of Muslim rule on the Iberian Peninsula. Later instances of intermarriage were often made to seal trade treaties between Christian	Christian	ADJ	kings	NOUN	 kings
However, while Pipp was hit in the head by a pitch from Caldwell and was hospitalized, this event occurred on July 2, a month after Pipp's benching. The New York Sun reported that the benching was due to Pipp's struggles against left handed pitchers	pitchers	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
Following the release of This Is What the Truth Feels Like, " Make Me Like You " re entered in the US at number 97. It lasted five weeks on the Billboard Hot 100, before departing the charts at the bottom position of number 100 on April	April	PROPN	16	NUM	 16
During the Vichy French counterattack, Berryman was given command of the Australian forces in the centre of the position around Merdjayoun. This scratch force became known as " Berryforce ". His mission was to check the enemy advance in the Merdjayoun area. Berryman decided that the	the	DET	best	ADJ	 best
In the last race of the season, the Japanese Grand Prix, Häkkinen won his second consecutive title. Schumacher would later say that Häkkinen was the opponent he respected the most. During this period Schumacher won more races and championships than any other driver in the history	history	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
In April 2015 a waitress claimed and Key acknowledged that he had pulled her ponytail multiple times over several months; when Key learnt she had taken offence, he apologised. International media have reported the incident as " ponytail gate ". Key launched New Zealand's campaign	campaign	NOUN	for	ADP	 for
During the Third Transjordan attack, Chaytor's Force suffered 139 casualties, consisting of 27 killed, 7 missing and 105 wounded. Of these the Anzac Mounted Division suffered 16 men killed and 56 wounded, while the 2nd Battalion British West Indies Regiment suffered 41 casualties.	.	PUNCT	Historian	PROPN	 Historian
Hence she decided to re invent her image, to connect with her fans and repair the damage that her provocative image had caused to her career. " I'll Remember " was one of the songs that was developed for this purpose. The ballad was initially composed	composed	VERB	by	ADP	 by
They focused on the gender system of early modern England, pointing to the common trinity of maid, wife, or widow, with whores outside of that stereotype. In this analysis, the essence of Hamlet is the central character's changed perception of his mother as	as	ADP	a	DET	 a
The coming of the Norman newcomer, Samson, who had been involved in the dissolution of Westbury on Trym, would have given the enlarged community a particular incentive to safeguard its property and rights. One of the themes of Hemming's work is the depredations suffered by	by	ADP	his	PRON	 his
Cho contributed to the creation of a drama called Hong Beom do, about the revolutionary Hong Beom do, by Tae Jang chun and other Koreans living in the Soviet Union. Mt. Paektu retains elements from this work, too. He published his first poem the age	age	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
The Bathysphere was lowered into the ocean using a steel cable, and a second cable carried a phone line which the Bathysphere's occupants used to communicate with the surface, as well as an electrical cable for a searchlight to illuminate animals outside the Bathysphere. Beebe's	's	PART	observations	NOUN	 observations
Structure 5C 53 is a low platform situated 33 metres (108 ft) to the west of the Lost World Pyramid. The platform has access stairways on all four sides and has no sign of ever having supported any superstructure. Details of the sides of the platform	platform	NOUN	suggest	VERB	 suggest
Very little is known about religion in Scotland before the arrival of Christianity. The lack of native written sources among the Picts means that it can only be judged from parallels elsewhere, occasional surviving archaeological evidence and hostile accounts of later Christian writers. It is generally presumed	presumed	VERB	to	PART	 to
Within the defensive surroundings of White Wolf, Essen started to plan a sortie through the blockade to Vladivostok or a rendezvous with the Second Pacific Squadron, at that time coaling at Madagascar. At the same time, the commanding admiral of the Imperial Japanese Navy, Togo	Togo	PROPN	Heihachiro	PROPN	 Heihachiro
The story of Starcraft is concluded by following the Protoss Race in their quest to reclaim their homeworld and for Kerrigan to ultimately slay the greatest threat to the entire universe. The game is divided by a 3 mission prologue, a 19 mission main story campaign followed by	by	ADP	a	DET	 a
The mass of the ε ring is estimated to be about 1016 kg. The δ ring is circular and slightly inclined. It shows significant unexplained azimuthal variations in normal optical depth and width. One possible explanation is that the ring has an azimuthal wave like structure,	,	PUNCT	excited	VERB	 excited
The Vancouver based company GDFX was responsible for almost all visual effects shots, some of which were re used within the episode to save money. Other visual effects clips were re used from previous episodes. " Window of Opportunity " was the first episode to feature a	a	DET	rear	ADJ	 rear
Leeds struggled at the start of the 1966 – 67 season, though despite winning just three of their opening eleven games they went on to finish in fourth place. They reached the semi finals of the FA Cup, losing 1 – 0 to Chelsea at Villa Park	Park	PROPN	.	PUNCT	.
However, it performed poorly in the United States and became Shakira's first studio album since Dónde Están los Ladrones? (1998) to miss charting inside the top 10 after it peaked at number 15 on the US Billboard Hot 200 chart. In May 2010,	,	PUNCT	she	PRON	 she
It was the closest gap Lyon had endured since the 2003 – 04 season when the club won the league by three points over Paris Saint Germain. Diarra finished the season with 44 total appearances and four goals. In the 2008 – 09 season, Diarra remained a	a	DET	starter	NOUN	 starter
She had one sister ship, Utah. Florida was laid down at the New York Navy Yard in March 1909, launched in May 1910, and commissioned into the US Navy in September 1911. She was armed with a main battery of ten 12 inch (305	305	NUM	mm	NUM	 mm
He struggled early during the season with batting averages of.150 and.160 in April and May, respectively, and though he batted.350 in June, his season batting average was only.231. Following the conclusion of the 1992 minor league season in September, Zosky was promoted to the Toronto	Toronto	PROPN	Blue	PROPN	 Blue
William's funeral at Caen was marred by angry complaints from a local man, and Henry may have been responsible for resolving the dispute by buying off the protester with silver. Robert returned to Normandy, expecting to have been given both the Duchy and England, to	to	PART	find	VERB	 find
After discovering that their weapons were too light to damage the main walls of the fortress, the revolutionary crowd began to fire their cannons at the wooden gate of the Bastille. By now around 83 of the crowd had been killed and another 15 mortally wounded; only	only	ADV	one	NUM	 one
Late that day, a reconnaissance airplane dispatched by the JTWC to analyze the disturbance failed to reach its center due to engine failure. However, the data collected from the storm's periphery was sufficient enough for the warning center to classify the depression as a tropical storm	storm	NOUN	at	ADP	 at
The socle of this sculpture is inscribed with a dedication from Baalshillem, the son of a Sidonian king to Eshmun, which illustrates the importance of the site to the Sidonian monarchy. These votive sculptures appear to have been purposely broken after dedication to Eshmun and then ceremoniously	ceremoniously	ADV	cast	VERB	 cast
Its setting is in a charnel ground ideal to perform tantric rites. The hermitage known as the " abode of saints " is surrounded by mountains on three sides which are all assigned divine names such as the ‘ Soul Mountain of the Buddhas of the Five Families (	(	PUNCT	Rgyal	PROPN	Rgyal
He was the oldest surviving child of Theodorus van Gogh, a minister of the Dutch Reformed Church, and Anna Cornelia Carbentus. Vincent was given the name of his grandfather, and of a brother stillborn exactly a year before his birth. His father, Theodorus,	,	PUNCT	was	AUX	 was
He maintains that he chose the episode as best ever before Entertainment Weekly's list was published. In 2003, to celebrate the show's 300th episode, USA Today published a top 10 chosen by the webmaster of The Simpsons Archive, which had this episode in first	first	ADJ	place	NOUN	 place
While living there, he attended the Josephine Allen branch of Boys & Girls Clubs of South Alabama. When he was growing up, his father was murdered and both of his brothers sold drugs. His oldest brother, Timothy, was convicted in 1996 of murder and	and	CCONJ	was	AUX	 was
An early example of this is when Janet Jackson performed the Running Man in her 1989 music video for the song " Rhythm Nation " which was choreographed by street dancer Anthony Thomas. The dance was so popular during this time it was also performed by 1990s rappers MC	MC	PROPN	Hammer	PROPN	 Hammer
Saratoga was assigned to provide fighter cover while the remaining carriers launched the strikes on Japan, but in the process, her fighters raided two Japanese airfields. The force fueled on 18 and 19 February, and the ship provided CAP over Iwo Jima on 19 – 20	20	NUM	February	PROPN	 February
The federal budget proposal for 1992 earmarked 81 percent of funds to be diverted into the Serbian war effort. Since a substantial part of the federal budgets prior to 1992 was provided by Slovenia and Croatia, the most developed republics of Yugoslavia, a lack of federal income	income	NOUN	quickly	ADV	 quickly
Her three sister ships, Pacific, Arctic and Baltic, were all in service before the end of 1850. The four, all constructed of wood, were broadly similar in size and performance; Arctic was marginally the largest, at 284 feet (87 m)	)	PUNCT	in	ADP	 in
Arias's face, in a photo taken by tour photographer Henry Grossman, appeared on the record's side two face label, while a corresponding picture of Harrison appeared on side one. Rather than introducing Harrison's audience to his new, jazz funk sound, Dark	Dark	PROPN	Horse	PROPN	 Horse
Through the UERL's shareholding in the London and Suburban Traction Company (LSTC), which it owned jointly with British Electric Traction, the UERL took control in 1913 of the London United Tramways, the Metropolitan Electric Tramways and the South Metropolitan Electric Tramways. The UERL	UERL	PROPN	also	ADV	 also
The system had become better organized and on July 25, the NHC continued to remark upon the potential for the weak low pressure area — accompanied by disorganized convective activity — to develop. On July 26, the system became better organized, and under favorable conditions it	it	PRON	was	AUX	 was
He had previously been earning $50 a week during his sporadic employment but now enjoyed a wage increase to $175. He briefly appeared in The Candy Shop in mid 1909, before he played the lead role in Winchell Smith's play The Fortune Hunter at the	the	DET	Gaiety	PROPN	 Gaiety
The VII Amphibious Forces initially consisted of the Australian Landing Ships, Infantry HMAS Manoora, Westralia and Kanimbla and the American attack transport USS Henry T. Allen, but gradually grew in size as more landing craft and landing ships arrived. MacArthur was annoyed at the way that	that	PRON	Royle	PROPN	 Royle
Ariel is represented by the helpful Robbie the Robot, while Sycorax is replaced with the powerful race of the Krell. Caliban is represented by the dangerous and invisible " monster from the i d ", a projection of Morbius ' psyche born from the Krell technology instead	instead	ADV	of	ADP	 of
Fletcher, in overall command aboard Yorktown, and benefiting from PBY sighting reports from the early morning, ordered Spruance to launch against the Japanese as soon as was practical, while initially holding Yorktown in reserve in case any other Japanese carriers were found. Spruance judged that	that	SCONJ	,	PUNCT	,
Jordanian historiography declares Latrun as a great success of the Arab Legion in the defense of Jerusalem, where a contingent of 1,200 men resisted an assault of 6,500 Israeli soldiers, and claiming Israeli casualties of between 400 and 800 killed. Glubb claimed 600 deaths on the first	first	ADJ	assault	NOUN	 assault
In the 2010 movie Megamind, a version of the poster can be seen using Megamind's visage and the caption " NO YOU CAN ' T ", parodying Obama's campaign slogan " Yes we can ". Disney's animated series Phineas and Ferb has two episodes	episodes	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
They are void because they interfere with the liberty of the individual to pursue a lawful trade or employment. Butchers ' Union Co. was a case involving interpretation of the Louisiana Constitution and certain ordinances of the city of New Orleans. The Court ruled that the Louisiana Constitution	Constitution	PROPN	and	CCONJ	 and
In fact, the chain said the sandwich sold best in the markets where the majority of the protests were occurring. A 2009 advertising campaign in Singapore for the company's new BK Super Seven Incher cheeseburger, caused a notable controversy over the content of the ad.	.	PUNCT	Originally	ADV	 Originally
Meanwhile, Sasha has come back to find her kits gone. The kits go into an abandoned house. Sasha, still trying to find the three, gets confronted by BloodClan warriors, but is able to trick them into fear by telling them she is a Clan	Clan	PROPN	warrior	NOUN	 warrior
The campaign was perhaps best captured by the slogan " a diamond is forever ". This slogan is now being used by De Beers Diamond Jewelers, a jewelry firm which is a 50% / 50% joint venture between the De Beers mining company and LVMH,	,	PUNCT	the	DET	 the
The self declared " Andrew, Duke of Slavonia " — an adventurer who claimed to be identical to Ladislaus IV's dead younger brother — also challenged King Andrew's right to the crown and stormed into Hungary from Poland. He was shortly thereafter forced to return to	to	ADP	Poland	PROPN	 Poland
The Anfield Road End was rebuilt in 1965, and multi coloured seats were added in 1982. Originally a single tier stand, a further revamp, which was completed in 1998, gave the stand a second tier providing additional seating. There are 59 spaces available in	in	ADP	the	DET	 the
Additionally, as the market developed, new niches within the private equity industry began to emerge. In 1982, Venture Capital Fund of America, the first private equity firm focused on acquiring secondary market interests in existing private equity funds was founded and then, two years	years	NOUN	later	ADV	 later
The film went on to gross $415 million worldwide (Domestic: $155 million; Foreign: $260 million). The Mummy received mixed reviews from critics. On Rotten Tomatoes the film holds a 55% rating, based on 83 reviews, with an	an	DET	average	ADJ	 average
A related claim is that evolution is atheistic (see the Atheism section below); creationists sometimes merge the two claims and describe evolution as an " atheistic religion " (cf. humanism). This argument against evolution is also frequently generalized into a criticism of all	all	DET	science	NOUN	 science
In an effort to break the deadlock, Saumarez suddenly swung his ship onto the opposite tack and, taking advantage of the damage to Dénian's vessel that left it unable to effectively manoeuvre, managed to fire several raking broadsides into Réunion's stern. The raking fire	fire	NOUN	inflicted	VERB	 inflicted
Bolton is also served by the National Express coach network. The bus station on Moor Lane is scheduled to be replaced by a new interchange in the town centre next to the railway station by the end of 2014, at a cost of £48 million. Bolton	Bolton	PROPN	Interchange	PROPN	 Interchange
But with great style comes great responsibility. Her video for ' Massive Attack, ' the first single off her long awaited debut album, is bananas ". On June 11, 2010 Hollywood Exotic Car Rental filed a lawsuit against Minaj for damages and unpaid rental charges	charges	NOUN	on	ADP	 on
For Coldplay's debut studio album Parachutes, British record producer Ken Nelson re produced " Don't Panic ". The track was recorded live, like many other tracks featured in the album. Guitarist Jonny Buckland recorded twice his overdubbed guitars, and used parts of the	the	DET	two	NUM	 two
(born June 14, 1971) is an American former professional basketball player. Bowen played small forward and graduated from Edison High School and Cal State Fullerton. He went on to play for the National Basketball Association's Miami Heat, Boston Celtics, Philadelphia 76ers,	,	PUNCT	San	PROPN	 San
These were released and Adomnán presented Aldfrith with a copy of his treatise De Locis Sanctis (" On the Holy Places "), a description of the places of pilgrimage in the Holy Land, and at Alexandria and Constantinople. Bede reports that Aldfrith circulated Adomnán's	's	PART	work	NOUN	 work
Wright would also go on to direct " Millennium ", the series ' crossover episode with its sister show The X Files. The episode was driven by Wong's desire to write an episode focussing on Watts, as he wanted to showcase O'Quinn as an actor.	.	PUNCT	Wong	PROPN	 Wong
These were essentially the first gas cylinders; Robert Temple assumes some sort of tap was used for this device. The inventor Ding Huan (fl. 180 AD) of the Han dynasty invented a rotary fan for air conditioning, with seven wheels 3 m (10	10	NUM	ft	NOUN	 ft
Travers concluded, " Everything you need to know is in the trailer. " The Daily Telegraph's Tim Robey thought that Obsessed would have been more entertaining had Lisa's character been fiercer like Alex Forrest in Fatal Attraction. Rickey opined that while the lack of infidelity	infidelity	NOUN	made	VERB	 made
He is restricted to communicating through Take Two's attorneys on any future matter, but is able to maintain his outspoken stance against their titles and may act as counsel in lawsuits against Take Two by other parties. For their part, Take Two agreed to drop the	the	DET	contempt	NOUN	 contempt
After the restoration of the French Bourbon monarchy in 1815, the Bastille became an underground symbol for Republicans. The July Revolution in 1830, used images such as the Bastille to legitimise their new regime and in 1833, the former site of the Bastille was used to	to	PART	build	VERB	 build
Biographer Ari Hoogenboom says his greatest achievement was to restore popular faith in the presidency and to reverse the deterioration of executive power that had set in after Abraham Lincoln's death. Although supporters have praised his commitment to civil service reform and defense of civil rights, Hayes	Hayes	PROPN	is	AUX	 is
The manner in which Burns becomes injured is also similar to Alex: they both take a potentially life threatening fall from a top story window. In its original American broadcast, " Homer the Smithers " finished 60th in the ratings for the week of February 19 to	to	ADP	February	PROPN	 February
In his first game as manager, he led England to a 7 – 2 victory over Ireland at Windsor Park, Belfast in the 1946 – 47 British Home Championship. Success in the Home Championship in 1950 resulted in England's qualification to the 1950 World Cup in	in	ADP	Brazil	PROPN	 Brazil
Michele has revealed that she practiced talking " manically " for several days in order to convey the effects of pseudoephedrine on Rachel. In order to portray the character in her altered state, she questioned: " How manic is the right amount of manic? What would	would	AUX	Rachel	PROPN	 Rachel
He suffered the misfortune of being known to later generations almost entirely through the judgments of his detractors, Tory and Whig. " Hancock's most influential 20th century detractor was historian James Truslow Adams, who wrote negative portraits of Hancock in Harper's Magazine and the Dictionary	Dictionary	PROPN	of	ADP	 of
So I started my own business... " he says. Since 2001, he has used Meerman, his middle name, to distinguish himself from other notable people called David Scott such as the David Scott who walked on the moon as the commander of Apollo 15 (	(	PUNCT	and	CCONJ	and
Together with the destroyer Dart, the ship was the French contribution to an international squadron that briefly occupied Mytilene in November – December 1905 and participated in a naval review by President Armand Fallières in September of the following year. She engaged in the summer naval manoeuvres in	in	ADP	1907	NUM	 1907
He also co founded and became club secretary of the Schipperke Club of Brussels. By the time Cruft turned 30 in 1882, Spratts had been sold to Edward Wylan who in turn promoted Charles first to " Chief Traveller ", and then to general manager. Under	Under	ADP	Crufts	PROPN	 Crufts
The song showed that even a superstar can struggle with insecurities and be in need of someone to love her. " Bobby Reed of Chicago Sun Times noted that the lyrics could also refer to " the way fans worship Beyonce ". Anthony Venutolo of New Jersey On	On	PROPN	Line	PROPN	 Line
The most praised aspects of the game were its graphics, artificial intelligence of enemies, and outdoor environments. IGN reviewer Jay Boor lauded the game's new engine, noting that the transition between indoor and outdoor environments is seamless. Game Revolution remarked that the addition of	of	ADP	outdoor	ADJ	 outdoor
This phase of building was incorporated into the later castle's construction. When Krak des Chevaliers was remodelled in the 13th century, new walls surrounding the inner court were built. They followed the earlier walls, with a narrow gap between them in the west and south	south	NOUN	which	PRON	 which
Rabin gave " Reaganing " a B + grade, praising the (non existent) scene where Jack put pills into Tracy's jelly beans. Samantha Urban of The Dallas Morning News said that the best part of the episode was Jack McBrayer's Kenneth " actually [	[	X	having	VERB	having
' " Even Harrison's loyal " disciples ", Schaffner continued, tended to view the album as " plodding and aimless ". Rolling Stone's reviewer, Dave Marsh, highlighted " You " as a return to All Things Must Pass style grandeur, and "	"	PUNCT	Ca	AUX	 Ca
At the same time, plans were in place to construct two new aircraft carriers to a new design, termed as " CVA 01 "; the requirements for the intended force of four carriers meant that up to five squadrons of Phantoms were planned to be purchased.	.	PUNCT	However	ADV	 However
Chinese astronomers were able to view what is modern Antlia from their latitudes, and incorporated its stars into two different constellations. Several stars in the southern part of Antlia were a portion of " Dong ' ou ", which represented an area in southern China. Furthermore	Furthermore	ADV	,	PUNCT	,
She has received three Academy Award nominations to date: Best Supporting Actress for Dangerous Liaisons (1988), and Best Actress in The Fabulous Baker Boys (1989) and Love Field (1992). Culture commentators noted that in 2014, Pfeiffer, who was not	not	PART	promoting	VERB	 promoting
Emperor Jimmu was the first Emperor of Japan and the ancestor of all of the Emperors that followed. He is, according to Japanese mythology, the direct descendant of Amaterasu (天照大御神), the sun goddess of the native Shinto religion, through Ninigi, his great	great	ADJ	grandfather	NOUN	 grandfather
Littleton retired from teaching in 1976 to focus on his own art. Exploring the inherent qualities of the medium, he worked in series with simple forms to draw attention to the complex interplay of transparent glass with multiple overlays of thin color. Harvey Kline Littleton was born	born	VERB	in	ADP	 in
Initially, the government offered direct financial assistance, with $5 million provided in seed and grain relief by the end of 1922. However, this effort was driving the province close to bankruptcy, and in 1923 Greenfield announced an end to the handouts (the bill	bill	NOUN	authorizing	VERB	 authorizing
" The episode featured guest stars Harry Groener and Carolyn Hennesy as Jiminy's parents Martin and Myrna. Groener had previously worked with Espenson in the third season of the fantasy television series Buffy the Vampire Slayer. It is their only appearances in the series. The episode	episode	NOUN	contains	VERB	 contains
Set in the fictional world of Sandail, the game's plot, as well as location and character names, draw heavily from medieval Germanic and Anglo Saxon influence. The game's plot is divided into two separate stories, with the player given the option to control	control	VERB	either	CCONJ	 either
Osama bin Laden was killed in the raid, and initial versions said three other men and a woman were killed as well: bin Laden's adult son Khalid, bin Laden's courier (Abu Ahmed al Kuwaiti), al Kuwaiti's brother Abrar, and Abrar	Abrar	PROPN	's	PART	's
The weakening was confirmed by Hurricane Hunter reconnaissance flights. After crossing the Windward Islands, and entering the southeastern Caribbean Sea, Joyce unexpectedly degenerated into an open wave. Although Joyce's remnants were monitored for regeneration, any possible redevelopment never materialized. Joyce dissipated in an	an	DET	area	NOUN	 area
The Superior province and the Minnesota River Valley terrane collided about 2,700 to 2,500 million years ago. The collision folded the Earth's crust and produced enough heat and pressure to metamorphose the rock. Blocks were added to the Superior province along a 1,200 km (750 mi	mi	ADJ	)	PUNCT	)
The first section was to follow the existing surface route into Euston on newly electrified tracks, the second section was to connect with the North London Railway at Chalk Farm and continue on electrified tracks from there to Broad Street station in the City of London. The third	third	ADJ	section	NOUN	 section
He served as Assistant General Manager for the Flyers for one season, and was promoted to General Manager of the Philadelphia Flyers, replacing Paul Holmgren on May 7, 2014. Before this he served as Assistant General Manager for the Los Angeles Kings, who won the	the	DET	Stanley	PROPN	 Stanley
Erika Ramirez, associate editor of Billboard.com, said at the time of Aaliyah's career " there weren't many artists using the kind of soft vocals the ways she was using it, and now you see a lot of artists doing that and finding success, "	"	PUNCT	her	PRON	 her
The realignment extended NY 21's overlap with NY 39 west to Wayland and created an overlap with NY 2 south of the village. NY 2 was absorbed into an extended US 15 (now NY 15) by the following year. In the early 1940s, the	the	DET	NY	PROPN	 NY
" In introducing the novel for use in leadership training, Marine Corps University's Lejeune program opines that it offers " lessons in training methodology, leadership, and ethics as well [....] Ender's Game has been a stalwart item on the Marine Corps Reading List	List	PROPN	since	SCONJ	 since
' But this time, we realized that a lot of bands should spend less time running their mouths and more time writing their songs. " In 2013, Wentz reflected, " on a record like Infinity on High, I feel like I tried really hard to	to	PART	explain	VERB	 explain
The prevailing opinion is that rongorongo is not true writing but proto writing, or even a more limited mnemonic device for genealogy, choreography, navigation, astronomy, or agriculture. For example, the Atlas of Languages states, " It was probably used as a memory	memory	NOUN	aid	NOUN	 aid
They threatened ambiguous, but quite serious, consequences if anything should happen to the royal family. The French Republican position became increasingly difficult. Compounding problems in international relations, French émigrés agitated for support of a counter revolution. From their base in Koblenz, adjacent to	to	ADP	the	DET	 the
The protesters were concerned that regular Sunday matches would attract churchgoers away from attending church. The protest was led by Reverend David McIlveen, who said " Fundamentally, it is a desecration of God's day. " In October 2010 the British National Party (BNP)	)	PUNCT	,	PUNCT	,
Although they can appear to be growing in the soil, their mycelium lives in buried wood. They are 4 – 10 cm (1.6 – 3.9 in) tall and 3 – 17 cm (1.2 – 6.7 in) wide, spoon- or tongue shaped, and	and	CCONJ	twisted	VERB	 twisted
The removal of the other demands also reflected political pressure on Poland from the Soviet Union, France, and the United Kingdom to prevent the conflict from escalating into warfare. The Polish government agreed to Beck's proposal, and the ultimatum was toned down. However,	,	PUNCT	at	ADP	 at
Annoyed, Ægir tells Thor that the gods must first bring to him a suitable cauldron to brew ale in. The gods search but find no such cauldron anywhere. However, Týr tells Thor that he may have a solution; east of Élivágar lives Hymir, and	and	CCONJ	he	PRON	 he
The crowd fought to clamber aboard what few craft were available, but these soon became so overloaded that they sank midway. The rest of the Chinese soldiers took to the Yangtze's rough and frigid waters en masse while clinging to logs and pieces of scrap lumber,	,	PUNCT	though	SCONJ	 though
Completion of the ship was further delayed by the low depth of the Ohio River which prevented her movement from Cincinnati in December 1864 to finish their fitting out. The river finally rose in March 1865 which allowed the ship to reach New Albany, Indiana on 14 March	March	PROPN	.	PUNCT	.
The parade was moved into Alexandra Park in 2011. The event hosts live stages and other activities alongside a parade in the park. In 2016 will be 10 years since the carnival was reinstated by volunteers. The main organiser is Paul Davies who runs the carnival with	with	ADP	a	DET	 a
Dunderdale played in all five games of the series, scoring two points. The following season, he scored 22 goals in 24 games, returning to his usual offensive output. However, he was more noted that season for his number of penalty minutes, setting a	a	DET	league	NOUN	 league
As of 2009, the direct descendants of Winton's Children numbered over 5000 people. The 2009 tribute Winston Train carried some of the individuals Sir Nicholas arranged to have transported to safety in 1939, along with their families, as it retraced the original kindertransport route taken	taken	VERB	by	ADP	 by
The 18th DVD volume was the eighth best selling anime DVD in Japan in June 2000. Animerica contributor Kevin Lew felt the series had a " sophisticated design sense " that allowed the series to transcend its target audience of young children and be enjoyable to older viewers as	as	ADV	well	ADV	 well
Sphenodon guntheri is present naturally on one small island with a population of approximately 400. In 1995, 50 juvenile and 18 adult Brothers Island tuatara were moved to Titi Island in Cook Strait, and their establishment monitored. Two years later, more than half of the	the	DET	animals	NOUN	 animals
In the nineteenth century Białystok was an important center for light industry, which was the reason for the substantial growth of the city's population. But after the fall of communism in 1989 many of these factories faced severe problems and subsequently closed down. Through the infusion	infusion	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
It was late on 1 August when the British fleet appeared in the bay, and the French were at anchor in a strong defensive position. The French commander, Vice Admiral François Paul Brueys d'Aigalliers, did not expect a night attack, but Nelson ordered his ships	ships	NOUN	to	PART	 to
In fact, I'll even do one of your shows so the ratings will be better. " Como was among those who filled in for Gleason on The Jackie Gleason Show in 1954 when the entertainer suffered a broken ankle and leg in an on air fall.	.	PUNCT	An	DET	 An
The movie received a 3.3 household rating and drew 2.7 million viewers, according to Nielsen Media Research, enough to make the movie the most watched program in FX's seven year history. W. W. Norton does not appear to have released sales figures for the book.	.	PUNCT	As	ADP	 As
The city has one of the most extensive bus networks outside London with over 50 bus companies operating in the Greater Manchester region radiating from the city. In 2011, 80% of public transport journeys in Greater Manchester were made by bus, amounting to 220 million passenger	passenger	NOUN	journeys	NOUN	 journeys
The female figure shades her eyes, either against the brightness of the angel or to block out the horror taking place in front of her. On the left hand side of the painting, in the background, the structure of the temple crumbles and burns in the	the	DET	wake	NOUN	 wake
The scoring with the obbligato instruments flute and oboe d'amore in contrast to the strings is unusual, sometimes the first violin takes also part in the concerto. " Gott gab uns ein Gesetz " (God gave us the Law), is the first of three recitatives	recitatives	NOUN	which	PRON	 which
This gave them an approximate range of 16,000 yards (15,000 m). Secondary armament of the Fuji class consisted of ten 40 calibre Type 41 six inch quick firing guns, four on the main deck in casemates and six guns on the upper deck protected by gun	gun	NOUN	shields	NOUN	 shields
The last issues were the April 1960 Future Science Fiction and the May 1960 Science Fiction Stories. James Taurasi acquired rights to the Science Fiction Stories title from Silberkleit and produced three semi professional issues in 1961, 1962, and 1963, but the venture was not successful	successful	ADJ	enough	ADV	 enough
The live album was titled Live from Paris (En Vivo Desde París in Hispanic countries), and was released on 5 December 2011. It was made available in three formats: an exclusive edition which includes a DVD and live audio CD, a standard DVD edition	edition	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
It was published by Square Enix on January 24, 2007. A promotional album, Breath of Mana, was released along with preorders of the game in Japan on December 21, 2006. The thirteen minute disc contains five orchestral and piano songs, all composed by	by	ADP	Ito	PROPN	 Ito
Martin's work transformed the profile of Parlophone from a " sad little company " to a very profitable business. Martin was contacted by Sid Coleman of Ardmore & Beechwood, who told him about Brian Epstein, the manager of a band whom he had met. He	He	PRON	thought	VERB	 thought
" Price apparently never sent the letter, placing it instead into his " Letting Off Steam File ". The film's critical reputation has continued to grow over the years, and it is now generally held to be one of the best entries in Corman's Poe	Poe	PROPN	series	NOUN	 series
Jackson's death forced the concerts to be canceled. In 2010, Holley host a weekend at the LA Music Academy called " The Art of the Audition ". As of 2011, Holley was the vocalist for the house band on The Tonight Show with Jay Leno	Leno	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
The opening of the line and the conversion of the Ardrossan railway to run in connection, enabled a fast service — 26 ½ hours — between Glasgow and London to be instituted. The fast steamer Fire King plied on alternate days between Ardrossan and Liverpool; from May	May	PROPN	1841	NUM	 1841
This interchange only provides access to and from the west of Highway 401, but immediately north of it, a second interchange with the remaining section of Highway 16 provides access from Johnstown and to a parclo interchange with both directions of Highway 401, as well as to	to	ADP	an	DET	 an
This does not require the defendants ' actions to directly result in the fraud; in R v Hollinshead, the House of Lords held that producing devices designed to alter electricity meter readings constituted conspiracy to defraud, even though the actual fraud would be carried out by members	members	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
Sabu then appeared attacking Jarrett and Rhino with Raven. At Sacrifice, NWA Championship Committee member Larry Zbyszko added a stipulation to the encounter, in which if Jarrett pinned Raven he would earn a future NWA World Heavyweight Championship match, however, if Raven pinned Jarrett then	then	ADV	he	PRON	 he
His work has earned Mr. Gehry several of the most significant awards in the architectural field, including the Pritzker Architecture Prize. The 2016 Getty Medal will be awarded to musician Yo Yo Ma and, posthumously, to artist Ellsworth Kelly at a celebratory dinner in October.	.	PUNCT	In	ADP	 In
The Workmans struggled with labor problems continually, needing local porters to carry gear for them because they could not carry a sufficient amount for themselves for a multi month expedition. They had to transport Mummery tents, eider sleeping bags, camera equipment, scientific instruments, and	and	CCONJ	a	DET	 a
" According to Furtado, the song is related to how people become " hot on themselves " when dancing in their underwear in front of a mirror. " [It] truly has a life of its own; it makes you move ", she said.	.	PUNCT	Media	NOUN	 Media
When landslides closed the canal in October 1915, all American Hawaiian ships, including Pennsylvanian, returned to the Straits of Magellan route again. Pennsylvanian's exact movements during 1916 and 1917 are unclear. She may have been in the half of the American Hawaiian fleet that	that	PRON	was	AUX	 was
The second volume was released on May 26, 2016. The Charlotte anime television series is directed by Yoshiyuki Asai and produced by P.A.Works and Aniplex. The series aired in Japan between July 5 and September 27, 2015. The screenplay is written by Jun Maeda,	,	PUNCT	who	PRON	 who
In 1905, in an essay titled " If Whitman had been an Architect ", Holden made an anonymous plea to architects for a new form of modern architecture: " Often I hear of the glory of the architecture of ancient Greece; of the proud Romans;	;	PUNCT	of	ADP	 of
" The episode guest starred Marcus York, as the " no nonsense " building manager for the Scranton business park. York described his character as " just trying to do his job ". York recalls being nervous during filming, and " drawing a blank " on	on	ADP	his	PRON	 his
Also, the treeless alpine habitats are the areas favored by Sierra Nevada bighorn sheep. This species, however, is now found in the Yosemite area only around Tioga Pass, where a small, reintroduced population exists. At a variety of elevations, meadows provide important	important	ADJ	,	PUNCT	,
At 10: 20, Wickson, the F 15C flight lead, reported entering northern Iraq to the AWACS controller responsible for air traffic inside the TAOR, USAF Lieutenant Ricky Wilson. The TAOR frequency that the F 15s were using was different from the en route frequency	frequency	NOUN	being	AUX	 being
Martin Gottlieb of the Dayton Daily News, a Democratic newspaper, thought McEwen's performances showed why he had remained in the background previously: In the past, McEwen's ambition has taken the form of interest in higher office. Twice he made feints about seeking statewide	statewide	ADJ	office	NOUN	 office
The French offer was flatly refused and diplomatic relations between France and Madagascar were broken off in November 1894. Upon terminating diplomatic relations, the French bombarded and occupied the harbor of Toamasina on the east coast in December 1894, then captured Mahajanga on the west coast the	the	DET	following	ADJ	 following
The Apology is vain and self serving, as both his contemporaries and later commentators have pointed out, but it also serves as Cibber's rebuttal to his harshest critics, especially Pope. For the early part of Cibber's career, it is unreliable in respect of	of	ADP	chronology	NOUN	 chronology
Nagel writes that " The Sun Also Rises was a dramatic literary event and its effects have not diminished over the years. " The success of The Sun Also Rises guaranteed interest from Broadway and Hollywood. In 1927 two Broadway producers wanted to adapt the story for the	the	DET	stage	NOUN	 stage
Medications may be prescribed to treat sleep problems and depression. Analgesics such as ibuprofen can be taken for headache, but paracetamol (acetaminophen) is preferred to minimize the risk of intracranial hemorrhage. Concussed individuals are advised not to use alcohol or other drugs that have not	not	PART	been	AUX	 been
The rain and snowmelt caused flooding throughout Pennsylvania and ice jams made this worse on many streams. Elsewhere in Lycoming County, flooding on Lycoming Creek in and near Williamsport killed six people and caused millions of dollars in damage. On Plunketts Creek, ice jams led to	to	PART	record	VERB	 record
He published an account: What I Saw in Russia, but the impact of the visit was overshadowed by accusations that the Herald was being financed from Bolshevist sources, a charge vehemently denied by Lansbury: " We have received no Bolshevist money, no Bolshevist paper,	,	PUNCT	no	DET	 no
The Chiefs players gave the Buccaneers little credit after the victory, saying that the AFC was superior to the NFC and that the Buccaneers would never have won the AFC West. Tampa Bay Buccaneers 24, Philadelphia Eagles 17 at Tampa Stadium, Tampa, Florida TV:	:	PUNCT	CBS	PROPN	 CBS
Likewise Adolf Juell, with 20 years ' experience at sea as mate and captain, took the post of cook on the Fram voyage. Ivar Mogstad was an official at Gaustad psychiatric hospital, but his technical abilities as a handyman and mechanic impressed Nansen. The oldest	oldest	ADJ	man	NOUN	 man
The freedom of the press and the freedom of speech are guaranteed by the constitution of Croatia. Croatia ranked 62nd in the 2010 Press Freedom Index report compiled by Reporters Without Borders. The state owned news agency HINA runs a wire service in Croatian and English on politics	politics	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
Four of these deaths were due to M. pilosula, while the remaining two died from a M. pyriformis sting. Half of the victims had known ant sting allergies, but only one of the victims was carrying adrenaline before being stung. Most victims died within 20 minutes	minutes	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
In the announcement, the executives stated that Darabont would serve as writer, director, and an executive producer alongside Gale Anne Hurd. Principal photography for the pilot commenced in May 2010 in Atlanta, Georgia. It was wholly shot on 16 mm film, and was	was	AUX	edited	VERB	 edited
He was replaced in the team by Ronnie Whelan. Liverpool went on to win the league title after finishing four points ahead of second place Ipswich Town, and Kennedy's 15 league appearances in the first half of the campaign were enough to earn him another league championship	championship	NOUN	medal	NOUN	 medal
It was estimated that another $450,000 would be needed to remove the bridge's concrete counter weights and $8 million to remove the approaches. In 2010, the Drawbridge Operation Regulation; Pequonnock River, Bridgeport, CT struck the rule pertaining to the operation of the	the	DET	bridge	NOUN	 bridge
The West Virginia portion was under construction by 1976, and work in both states was completed by 1983. The three level diamond interchange on the eastern banks of the Ohio River was said to be the most complex interchange in West Virginia at the time of construction by	by	ADP	the	DET	 the
A 1926 portrayal of Queen Calafia and her Amazons is found in a mural in the Room of the Dons at the Mark Hopkins Hotel in San Francisco. It was created for the opening of the hotel in 1926 by Maynard Dixon and Frank Von Sloun, and has	has	AUX	been	AUX	 been
In the case of pterosaurs like Pterorhynchus and Pterodactylus, the true extent of these crests has only been uncovered using ultraviolet photography. The discovery of Pterorynchus and Austriadactylus, both crested " rhamphorhynchoids ", showed that even primitive pterosaurs had crests (previously, crests were thought	thought	VERB	to	PART	 to
Uniform designs for Anatoray's musketeers were based on Napoleon Bonaparte's army and American Civil War soldiers. On the other hand, Soviet Red Army fur coats provided the basis for Disith uniforms. Another inspiration for creators came from a silent film of the airship Hindenburg,	,	PUNCT	which	PRON	 which
" Devers noted in his diary that Clark's response " shows quite well his lack of judgment and tact and indicate definitely that he is not a team player ", and he recommended to Marshall that Eaker and not Clark be his successor in the Mediterranean. Marshall	Marshall	PROPN	chose	VERB	 chose
A Park and Ride service links Basingstoke leisure park with Basing View, via Basingstoke Railway Station. This service provides a daytime service at roughly 10 minute intervals throughout the week. The buses on this service being provided by Basingstoke and Deane Borough Council. Currently (2010	2010	NUM	)	PUNCT	)
He felt that the series worked better as multi episode arcs rather than as stand alone episodes. " Daedalus " was a bottle show, which used only existing standing sets and a reduced number of special effect shots compared to those earlier in the season. The production	production	NOUN	suffered	VERB	 suffered
Rain is a major component of the water cycle and is responsible for depositing most of the fresh water on the Earth. It provides suitable conditions for many types of ecosystems, as well as water for hydroelectric power plants and crop irrigation. The major cause of rain	rain	NOUN	production	NOUN	 production
The two species are similar in size, but again differ in details of the dentition. In two specimens of D. chimaera, the length and width of the m2 are 5 and 4.3 mm and 5.4 and 4.8 mm respectively; this tooth is 5.4 mm long and	and	CCONJ	4.9	NUM	 4.9
The use of chiral sulfides in a stoichiometric fashion has proved more successful than the corresponding catalytic variants, but the substrate scope is still limited in all cases. The catalytic variants have been developed almost exclusively for enantioselective purposes; typical organosulfide reagents are not prohibitively expensive and	and	CCONJ	the	DET	 the
Following his retirement, he became a goaltending coach for the Barrie Colts of the OHL. As a 15 year old, Cloutier played Junior B with the St. Thomas Stars of the Western Ontario Hockey League (WOHL). He recorded a 5.83 goals against average (	(	PUNCT	GAA	PROPN	GAA
In the later part of the 18th and through the 19th century, criticism centred on debates over the moral message of the play. Actor and playwright David Garrick's 1748 adaptation excluded Rosaline: Romeo abandoning her for Juliet was seen as fickle and reckless. Critics such	such	ADJ	as	ADP	 as
The author describes the beliefs and practices and doctrine of the organisation, including some of its more controversial methodology including excommunication of former members from their family still within the group. Daniel Hales, brother of the organisation's worldwide leader Bruce Hales, described the book as	as	ADP	part	NOUN	 part
The 1st BCS was echeloned to the right with Tiger in the rear and the furthest to the west, closest to the Germans. Tiger missed Beatty's fire distribution order, as had Queen Mary, and Tiger engaged Moltke, instead of Seydlitz as Beatty intended.	.	PUNCT	The	DET	 The
Police soon learn the wadding from a blank was accidentally fired into Todd, and a horrified Reggie faces manslaughter charges. Willow, claiming to have simply been seeking fame as an actress, is released without criminal charges. The episode ends with Logan and Wheeler watching a	a	DET	video	NOUN	 video
Penn State did improve on third downs, converting 7 of 18, but remained in the bottom of the FBS, 120 out of 123 teams. After their first four non conference games, Penn State had their first of two mid season bye weeks, this one	one	NUM	heading	VERB	 heading
Bentley was accompanied by Traci to the ring. Bentley won the match for his team by pinning Shelley after kicking him in the face. The third match of the show was between Raven and Chris K. This match occurred because Raven refused to quit the company, which	which	PRON	was	AUX	 was
Not far from NY 454, NY 111 has a short concurrency with CR 76 (Townline Road) along the Islip – Smithtown and then the names changes to Hauppauge Road town line before fully crossing into Smithtown. After forking from CR 76, NY 111 continues northeast	northeast	ADV	through	ADP	 through
Prior to the dismissal, the Liberal Party had used its majority in the Australian Senate to block supply bills. Hall voted in favour of the supply bills being passed, and objected to the federal Liberals ' actions. Hall had been praised for his stance on supply	supply	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
The bells were to be displayed and rung on patriotic occasions. Many of the bells today are sited near state capitol buildings. Although Wisconsin's bell is now at its state capitol, initially it was sited on the grounds of the state's Girls Detention Center.	.	PUNCT	Texas	PROPN	 Texas
Once a couple had married, the new wife was obligated to visit the family temple so she could become part of the husband's clan and be properly worshipped by her descendants after death. However, she retained her natal surname. The vast majority of people during	during	ADP	Han	PROPN	 Han
The offensive marked the first significant Bosnian Serb defeat in the war and placed the HV in a favourable position to push back the VRS and remnants of the JNA holding positions north and east of Dubrovnik. The HV later re established overland links with the city which had	had	AUX	been	AUX	 been
At Murray Springs, archaeologists discovered a 13,100 year old object made from a mammoth femur; the object is thought to be a shaft wrench, a tool for straightening wood and bone to make spear shafts (the Inuit use similar tools). The earliest suggested evidence	evidence	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
First held in 1829, the race takes place on the 4.2 mile (6.8 km) Championship Course on the River Thames in southwest London. The rivalry is a major point of honour between the two universities and followed throughout the United Kingdom and broadcast worldwide. Cambridge	Cambridge	PROPN	went	VERB	 went
The work eventually expanded to include documentation of the whole family and was retitled the Family Book. To encourage his wife's writing her husband Henry Thrale gave her six blank diary books, with the title Thraliana on the cover, in 1776. The work was intended	intended	VERB	as	ADP	 as
The package of funding needed to purchase and introduce the Globemasters into service was provided as a supplement to the government's long term defence funding program, so the ADF did not have to forego any other planned capabilities. The C 17s were acquired through the United States	States	PROPN	Government	PROPN	 Government
The Canucks entered the 2010 playoffs as the third seed for the second consecutive year. Raymond contributed three goals and an assist over 12 post season games as Vancouver was eliminated once again in the second round by the Blackhawks. Becoming a restricted free agent on July 1	1	NUM	,	PUNCT	,
A 160 acre (65 ha) lake known as Lilly Lake is in the watershed of Little Wapwallopen Creek, on one of its tributaries. A pond known as Triangle Pond is also in the upper reaches of the watershed. Henry C. Bradsby's book History of	of	ADP	Luzerne	PROPN	 Luzerne
Michigan scored two touchdowns in the third quarter, tying the score with 3: 11 remaining in the quarter on a quarterback sneak by Griese on 4th and goal from the one yard line. Iowa retook the lead on a field goal after a 72 yard kickoff return	return	NOUN	by	ADP	 by
Vermigli had a direct role in the modifications of the Book of Common Prayer of 1552. He is also believed to have contributed to, if not written, the article on predestination found in the Forty two Articles of Religion of 1553. In Elizabethan Oxford and Cambridge	Cambridge	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
The girl informs him that he died some time ago, and that he is a Torch (トーチ, Tōchi), a human with greatly diminished Power of Existence, and whose remaining Power of Existence will slowly run out. In addition, Yuji is a Mystes	Mystes	PROPN	(	PUNCT	 (
That year, Pryce had a small but pivotal role as Zarniwoop in the 12th episode of the Hitchhiker's Guide to the Galaxy radio series, one that he reprised for the Quintessential Phase which was broadcast in 2005. In his original role as Zarniwoop, Pryce's	's	PART	character	NOUN	 character
... The purpose of a subsidy from the Exchequer was to lay foundations for an English opera, such as is a feature of the culture of every other country in Europe. Solti, however, was an advocate of opera in the vernacular, and promoted the development	development	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
" The overall interface was also considered more intuitive and flexible than that of PlayStation 4, but its game library view was described as being a " jumbled, sadly unfilterable rows of every owned piece of software ", that also knowingly listed games that require their disc	disc	NOUN	to	PART	 to
Thomas recalled Gregory Pterotos, a general and nephew of Leo V whom Michael had exiled to the island of Skyros, and gave him command of the fleet. By October, the thematic fleets loyal to Thomas had finished assembling at Lesbos, and Thomas's army began	began	VERB	marching	VERB	 marching
In the storey above were the dwelling and common living rooms of the residents in which were the larders, the rooms of the bakers and butlers, and the great chamber in which the lord and his wife slept... In the upper storey of the house were garret	garret	ADJ	rooms	NOUN	 rooms
British and American maritime fur traders began visiting the Northwest Coast in 1785, at which time it was mostly unexplored. Although noncommercial exploration voyages continued, especially by the Spanish Navy, the maritime fur traders made a number of significant discoveries. Notable examples include the Strait	Strait	PROPN	of	ADP	 of
Despite the risk, they hid Hambleton in the bottom of the sampan, covered him with bamboo, and started downriver. Their sampan was soon spotted by North Vietnamese troops, some of whom fired at them, but Norris and Nguyen could not afford to return fire	fire	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
Otto Ville Kuusinen formulated a proposal for a new constitution, influenced by those of Switzerland and the United States. Political power was to be concentrated to Parliament, with a lesser role for Senate. The proposal included a multi party system, freedom of assembly, freedom	freedom	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
Various scenes in the Discovery centrifuge were shot by securing set pieces within the wheel, then rotating it while the actor walked or ran in sync with its motion, keeping him at the bottom of the wheel as it turned. The camera could be fixed to the	the	DET	inside	NOUN	 inside
These were the West Country and Battle of Britain class Light Pacifics, the first of which entered service in 1945. Just prior to the nationalisation of the railways in 1948, the Southern Railway placed an order for ten more Merchant Navy locomotives, with larger 6,000 imperial	imperial	ADJ	gallon	NOUN	 gallon
Syaoran is introduced in Tsubasa: Reservoir Chronicle as a young archaeologist who often visits the Kingdom of Clow and is in love with his childhood friend Sakura, the kingdom's princess. Syaoran is the adopted son of the late archeologist Fujitaka, who found him as a	a	DET	child	NOUN	 child
During 41 starts in 55 races, Pearson finished the 1963 season sixth in points for Cotton Owens. He held two pole positions and had no wins. In 1964, he had eight wins at Richmond, Greenville Pickens Speedway, Occoneechee Speedway, Boyd Speedway, Lincoln	Lincoln	PROPN	Speedway	PROPN	 Speedway
On December 28, 2004, 0verflow released a public trial of School Days and announced that the company would be attending Comiket 67 at Tokyo Big Sight from December 29 to 30, handing out phonecards to the first 50 visitors to their booth. Two months later,	,	PUNCT	on	ADP	 on
The other contains lyrics from " I am the Walrus " by The Beatles. Mulder visits O'Fallon, who admits he bought the forged gospel from Hoffman, but believed it was real. Meanwhile, during Hoffman's autopsy, Scully experiences a vision wherein he comes back	back	ADV	to	ADP	 to
In particular, Japan promulgated a ten year naval build up programme, with the construction of six battleships and six armoured cruisers at its core. These ships were paid for from the £30,000,000 indemnity paid by China after losing the First Sino Japanese War. As with	with	ADP	the	DET	 the
Räikkönen rejoined ahead of Kubica, while Heidfeld came out ahead of both Alonso and Webber, to elevate himself to fifth. Massa was now back in the lead, but with Hamilton just 0.8 seconds behind. Running lighter on fuel with a view to making an additional	additional	ADJ	pit	NOUN	 pit
The ship made several deployments to the Eastern Mediterranean and the Levant during her career. At the beginning of the Italo Turkish War of 1911 – 12 she bombarded Tripoli and then Beirut in early 1912 before being transferred to Libya. During World War I, Francesco Ferruccio	Ferruccio	PROPN	's	PART	's
Genetic predisposition for DPB susceptibility has been localized to two HLA haplotypes (a nucleotide or gene sequence difference between paired chromosomes, that is more likely to occur among a common ethnicity or trait) common to people of East Asian descent. HLA B54 is associated with DPB	DPB	PROPN	in	ADP	 in
The French did attack, and Boehm refused to fulfil the insurance claim. Mansfield decided in favour of Boehm, saying that Carter had failed his duty of uberrima fides. In his judgment Mansfield said that: Insurance is a contract based upon speculation. The special facts	facts	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
He attended Oak Park and River Forest High School and upon graduation, started attending Northern Illinois University (NIU) in the fall of 1975. Castellaneta studied art education, with the goal of becoming an art teacher. He became a student teacher and would entertain his	his	PRON	students	NOUN	 students
Paul Wee was the layout artist for the sequence. Marge's voice actor, Julie Kavner, praised it for focusing on the animation and not having any dialog in it. The episode's closing sequence in which Bart and Milhouse visit Samantha at Saint Sebastian's is	is	AUX	a	DET	 a
There are chapels of the Wesleyan, Baptist, Independent Methodist, and Primitive Methodist denominations; a Congregational church at Howe Bridge was opened in 1904. Roman Catholics celebrated mass in a loft behind the Star and Garter public house on Tyldesley Square until Sacred Heart Church opened	opened	VERB	in	ADP	 in
All of the survivors, except Garland, had ' A ' or ' B ' gun replaced by a Hedgehog anti submarine spigot mortar, and their director control tower and rangefinder above the bridge removed in exchange for a Type 271 target indication radar. ' A '	'	PUNCT	gun	NOUN	 gun
In all, the hurricane caused at least 21 deaths, primarily due to drowning in high waters. Damage totaled around $4.5 million. On September 10, as Hurricane Twelve was intensifying over the waters of the Atlantic Ocean, another area of disturbed weather developed into	into	ADP	a	DET	 a
For example, the types of convex pentagon that can tile the plane remains an unsolved problem. Mathematically, tessellations can be extended to spaces other than the Euclidean plane. The Swiss geometer Ludwig Schläfli pioneered this by defining polyschemes, which mathematicians nowadays call polytopes. These	These	PRON	are	AUX	 are
M 24 continues north through the Bald Mountain Recreation Area and along the eastern shore of Lake Orion in the village of Lake Orion. This expressway continues a few miles north of the Lapeer County line, where the highway becomes a two lane highway for a few miles	miles	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
The development of the C5 took place over 19 months in conditions of great secrecy, with testing carried out at the Motor Industry Research Association's proving ground in Leicestershire. Further aerodynamic refinements were carried out in Exeter with the development of new body shells which produced further	further	ADJ	reductions	NOUN	 reductions
Gilbert had also offered Sullivan another libretto, His Excellency (1894), but Gilbert's insistence on casting Nancy McIntosh, his protege from Utopia, led to Sullivan's refusal, and His Excellency was instead composed by F. Osmond Carr. Meanwhile, the Savoy Theatre	Theatre	PROPN	continued	VERB	 continued
It was only the third time in the award's 26 years that an urban Aboriginal artist had been the winner. Earlier that year his solo show at Brisbane's Jan Murphy Gallery had sold out. Also in that year, Mellor's work was featured alongside that	that	PRON	of	ADP	 of
She performed the song on the American morning news and talk show, Good Morning America during an episode which aired on September 8, 2006. Beyoncé also performed the song at The Ellen DeGeneres Show on September 9, 2006, and at The Tyra Banks Show on	on	ADP	September	PROPN	 September
In Wilberforce's home town of Hull, a public subscription in 1834 funded the Wilberforce Monument, a 31 metre (102 ft) Greek Doric column topped by a statue of Wilberforce, which now stands in the grounds of Hull College near Queen's Gardens. Wilberforce	Wilberforce	PROPN	's	PART	's
Despite its apparent importance in hydrogen peroxide removal, humans with genetic deficiency of catalase — " acatalasemia " — or mice genetically engineered to lack catalase completely, suffer few ill effects. Peroxiredoxins are peroxidases that catalyze the reduction of hydrogen peroxide, organic hydroperoxides, as well	well	ADV	as	ADP	 as
The move generated criticism from the cricketing community who felt that Lindwall's service merited a more dignified farewell. Lindwall had a mediocre season by his standards, taking only 22 wickets at 30.14. His batting was even more ineffective, scoring only 14 runs in six innings	innings	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
In this bow shock, large concentrations of cometary ions (called " pick up ions ") congregate and act to " load " the solar magnetic field with plasma, such that the field lines " drape " around the comet forming the ion tail. If the	the	DET	ion	NOUN	 ion
Insects may be either gleaned from the bark of trees and from leaves, or caught in the air. Certain tree species are preferred as foraging habitat. The common forest tree Cynometra ramifolia is the most favoured tree and used more frequently than the equally common Guamia mariannae	mariannae	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
CR 106 was once part of NY 210 before it was truncated to NY 17A in Greenwood Lake. In the late 1920s, what is now NY 17A from Greenwood Lake to Goshen was designated as part of NY 55, a connector between NY 17 in Goshen and	and	CCONJ	the	DET	 the
When the U.S. Army joined the efforts it took on its final name " Avrocar ", and the designation " VZ 9 ", part of the U.S. Army's VTOL projects in the VZ series. The Avrocar was the ultimate result of a series of blue skies	skies	NOUN	research	NOUN	 research
In December 2014, Atlantis announced that onshore construction at the project site for connection to the electricity transmission grid would commence in January 2015. The first power to the national grid is expected to be delivered in 2016. In 2010 it was announced that 10 Hammerfest Strom	Strom	PROPN	HS1000	PROPN	 HS1000
Much of the sudden increase in breast cancer cases is attributed to the rise in Westernisation of the country. This includes, but is not limited to, westernised diet, greater urban concentrations of women, and later child bearing. Additionally, problems with India ’ s	s	AUX	health	NOUN	 health
The district also operates a K 8 open school program, Ann Arbor Open School, out of the former Mack School. This program is open to all families who live within the district. Ann Arbor Public Schools also operates a preschool and family center, with programs	programs	NOUN	for	ADP	 for
In 1853, Bowers married farmer Alexander Cowan. Two years later the couple joined a mission to Mormon Station, near the western edge of Utah Territory. They brought with them Alexander's 12 year old nephew who had recently been orphaned by the death of Alexander's	's	PART	sister	NOUN	 sister
This role was Barrington's least favourite of the series, and he attributed Ida's relatively short run, at least in part, to the lack of prominence of this role in the opera. During the run of Princess Ida, a comedy written by Barrington and	and	CCONJ	called	VERB	 called
It allowed the district of Sogn access to Bergen and Oslo via the Bergen Line. Electric traction was taken into use in 1944; at first El 9 locomotives were used, and from 1982 El 11. Until 1991, the train connected with a ferry service from	from	ADP	Flåm	PROPN	 Flåm
He returned to the site for further investigations in August 1905 but discovered no new monuments. The Peabody Museum published Maler's work in 1908, including good quality photos of the stelae. Seibal was next investigated by Sylvanus Morley in 1914 on behalf of the Carnegie Institution	Institution	PROPN	of	ADP	 of
After the game, with hundreds of Stevenage fans calling for Westley to be sacked, he confronted fans in the East Terrace by saying he " would turn it around ". Westley's side responded with four straight wins, and stayed within touching distance of the play	play	NOUN	offs	NOUN	 offs
Under Beria's command, police terror was used to strengthen the party's political hold on the population and suppress all expressions of nationalism. Many writers, artists, scientists and political leaders, including the writer Axel Bakunts and the celebrated poet Yeghishe Charents, were executed	executed	VERB	or	CCONJ	 or
H.M.S. Pinafore ran in London for 571 performances, the second longest run of any musical theatre piece in history up to that time (after the operetta Les cloches de Corneville). Hundreds of unauthorised, or " pirated ", productions of Pinafore appeared in America.	.	PUNCT	During	ADP	 During
" Television columnist Alan Sepinwall for The Star Ledger disliked the bubble concept, reporting, " [t] he idea that attractive people get away with things that the more average looking can't is an old joke, even on 30 Rock (with Cerie) "	"	PUNCT	,	PUNCT	,
He appeared in three successful Malayalam films by appearing with Mammooty, Suresh Gopi and Jayaram in Joshi's successful action film Dhruvam, before teaming up with Gopi again for Shaji Kailas's Mafia, which explored Bangalore's criminal underworld. Furthermore, Joshi cast him again alongside	alongside	ADP	Mammooty	PROPN	 Mammooty
On the island of Lundy the number of puffins decreased from 3,500 pairs in 1939 to 10 pairs in 2000. This was mainly due to the rats that had proliferated on the island and were eating eggs and young chicks. Following the elimination of the rats, it	it	PRON	is	AUX	 is
Later in 1919 Kanae moved to Ueda, the mountainous Nagano village where his parents lived. He secured funding from the Ministry of Education, Ministry of Agriculture, and Mitsubishi to set up a school that December to teach to the rural population arts and crafts skills they	they	PRON	could	AUX	 could
However, rain caused " shorts and failures in sophisticated electrical components " when F 22s were posted to Guam. To reduce operating costs and lengthen the F 22's service life, some pilot training sorties are performed using flight simulators, while the T 38 Talon is	is	AUX	used	VERB	 used
The divisional history called this attack " one of the most magnificent sights of the war... wave after wave of men were seen advancing without hesitation and without a break over a distance which in some places was nearly 500 yards ". The 14th Welsh rapidly entered the	the	DET	wood	NOUN	 wood
Florida State had three players selected in the first round of the draft and seven players taken overall. Peter Warrick was the first player picked, selected with the fourth overall selection by the Cincinnati Bengals. Defensive tackle Corey Simon was selected two picks later with the sixth	sixth	ADJ	overall	ADJ	 overall
It continued to increase after this, peaking at 28 weeks in June 1944. No. 8 Service Flying Training School (No. 8 SFTS) was formed at RAAF Station Bundaberg, Queensland, on 14 December 1941, under the control of No. 2 Training	Training	PROPN	Group	PROPN	 Group
By using intoxicating drinks, they thought to put the thrall girl in an ecstatic trance that made her psychic and through the symbolic action with the door frame, she would then see into the realm of the dead. The same ritual also appears in the Icelandic short	short	ADJ	story	NOUN	 story
I'd far rather work than hang around the house – even though there are days when I can hardly get out of bed. " She presented sports bulletins for BBC News, wrote a weekly column about her illness for the Sunday Mirror Magazine and worked on a	a	DET	book	NOUN	 book
In the course of a 25 minute test an early R engine would consume 60 Imperial gallons (gal) (270 L) of pre heated castor oil. The majority of this was spat out of the exhaust ports and smothered the test cell walls, milk being	being	AUX	given	VERB	 given
This line combined with the existing line between Seghill and North Tyneside to form the Blyth and Tyne Railway. In 1853, the Blyth Harbour and Docks Board was formed, then in 1858 the Harbour Act was passed allowing dredging of the harbour to begin. In 1882	1882	NUM	,	PUNCT	,
" Lifesong " received mostly positive reception from music critics. John DiBiase of Jesus Freak Hideout described it as a " musical nod to U2 " and felt that the opening of Lifesong with the song was responsible for the album having a " greater appeal " than Casting	Casting	PROPN	Crowns	PROPN	 Crowns
The Volt team explained that for the launch General Motors decided to go with a common national package which includes an 8 year 100,000 mile (160,000 km) battery warranty. For this reason owners of the 2011 Volt did not qualify for California's rebates and free access	access	NOUN	to	PART	 to
In 1521, however, Henry Clifford held a Christmas feast at the castle, after which a major fire broke out, destroying the property. The castle remained abandoned until Lady Anne Clifford restored the property between 1659 and 1661, using it as one of her northern	northern	ADJ	country	NOUN	 country
1128. After the suppression of Óengus of Moray's rebellion in 1130, King David must have regarded the continued presence of bishops in Moray as essential to the stability of the province. These early bishops had no settled location for their cathedral, and sited it successively	successively	ADV	at	ADP	 at
The individuals involved in the murder included relatives of Babli (Grandfather Gangaraj who is said to have been a Khap leader, Brother, Maternal and Paternal uncle and two cousins). Relatives of Manoj, specially his mother defended the relationship. The killing was ordered by	by	ADP	a	DET	 a
Rain forests are characterized by high rainfall, with definitions setting minimum normal annual rainfall between 1,750 millimetres (69 in) and 2,000 millimetres (79 in). Mean monthly temperatures exceed 18° C (64° F) during all months of the year. A	A	DET	monsoon	NOUN	 monsoon
So I've become very lucky, and I'm very grateful. You don't control the situations or the people you meet. I did not plan this. I'm just doing what I've always been doing. It's not like I've changed my	my	PRON	goals	NOUN	 goals
RAJAR figures taken between April and May in 2008 showed that 14.5 million people have listened to radio online with 9.4 million people listening every week. As well as listening through a media player on a computer, a number of British firms, including BT Group, Reciva	Reciva	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
Copeland began ballet study at Lauridsen Ballet Centre with former ABT dancer Diane Lauridsen, although her dancing was now restricted to afternoons in deference to her schooling. Late in 1998, all parties appeared on Leeza Gibbons ' talk show, Leeza, where Copeland sat silently as	as	SCONJ	the	DET	 the
Because no premaxillae were found, the bones could not be distinguished from those of the house sparrow. Tchernov argued that the house sparrow and related species have undergone considerable morphological changes in adapting to a commensal relationship with humans, with the beak becoming longer and narrower.	.	PUNCT	He	PRON	 He
At the time of the Gulf Oil merger in 1985 it was the largest buyout in world history involving the company that was No. 7 on the Fortune 500 just six years earlier. Over 1,000 high paying white collar corporate and PhD research jobs were lost in one	one	NUM	day	NOUN	 day
Spetsai and her sisters saw extensive service with the Greek Navy. They participated in the Greco – Turkish War in 1897 until the Great Powers intervened and prevented the Greek Navy from capitalizing on their superiority over the Ottoman Navy. Psara saw action in the First Balkan War	War	PROPN	at	ADP	 at
The Five seven's magazine can be disassembled for cleaning or lubrication by removing the polymer floorplate. The magazine body is constructed of polymer, with steel inserts at the feed lips. Unlike a conventional pistol magazine, it feeds from dual feed lips, with a follower	follower	NOUN	that	PRON	 that
He was arrested on drunk driving charges and had his vehicle impounded. Barkley refused to submit a breath test and was given a blood test. He was then cited and released. Gilbert police noted Barkley was cooperative and respectful during the entire incident, adding that he	he	PRON	was	AUX	 was
The site chosen for the dock to be built on was an area of land bordered by Salthouse Dock to the east, the entrance channel to Canning Dock to the north and by Dukes Dock to the south. The land earmarked for the site had to be cleared	cleared	VERB	,	PUNCT	,
" In October 2013, Tony Curran tweeted that he would be portraying Odin's father, Bor, in a flashback sequence. In November 2013, Feige stated that the film was intended to be the conclusion of the " Loki trilogy ", which examined the relationship	relationship	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
The event featured a female Noh performer Ryoko Aoki. William Butler Yeats – Yeats wrote an essay on Noh titled " Certain Noble Plays of Japan " in 1916. As much as he tried to learn Noh, there were limited resources available in England at the time	time	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
The track was ranked number 19 on Spin's list of top 20 K pop songs of 2012. The single was a commercial success in Japan, peaking atop the Japan Hot 100 and at number two on both the Oricon Singles Chart and RIAJ Digital Track Chart.	.	PUNCT	"	PUNCT	 "
Sorsha leads Willow and Raziel to the ritual chamber where they interrupt Elora's sacrifice. Bavmorda and Raziel have a magical duel, during the course of which Raziel is incapacitated. Willow uses a " disappearing pig trick " he had performed as a conjurer to fool Bavmorda	Bavmorda	PROPN	into	ADP	 into
The Hän village of Tr ' ochëk along Deer Creek was considered to be too close to the new town, and the NWMP Superintendent Charles Constantine moved its inhabitants 3 miles (4.8 km) down river to a small reserve. The town, in the beginning simply	simply	ADV	known	VERB	 known
In the episode, the Simpson family goes to Rio de Janeiro, Brazil in search of a Brazilian orphan named Ronaldo whom Lisa has been sponsoring. Lisa used to receive a letter from Ronaldo every month, but that recently stopped and according to personnel at the orphanage	orphanage	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
The next day it had difficulty in holding the hill against counterattacks. By September 4 it had become clear that the NK 3rd Division in front of the 5th and 7th Cavalry Regiments was also attacking, and despite continued air strikes, artillery preparations, and infantry efforts	efforts	NOUN	on	ADP	 on
In 30 games (21 starts), he had a 4 – 8 record, a 5.22 ERA, 98 strikeouts, and two saves in 136 1 ⁄ 3 innings. In 2001, deciding that he would not be able to reach the major leagues as a	a	DET	starter	NOUN	 starter
An online version of the report quickly became the most read news item in China. These two stories along with continued pressure from international NGO's as well as reformers within China precipitated the announcement to end the system. The planned abolition of the system, however,	,	PUNCT	has	AUX	 has
Interstate 10 leaves downtown through the George Wallace Tunnel under the river and then over the bay across the Jubilee Parkway to Spanish Fort and Daphne. US 98 leaves downtown through the Bankhead Tunnel under the river, onto Blakeley Island, and then over the bay across the	the	DET	Battleship	PROPN	 Battleship
The group had written a dozen songs after three weeks and invited their manager, Rick DeVoe, to be the first person outside Blink 182 to hear the new material, which the band found " catchy [but with] a definitive edge ". DeVoe sat in	in	ADP	the	DET	 the
Measuring 5 m × 9.50 m (16.4 ft × 31.2 ft), the narthex is the part of the Round Church which has survived in best shape, as some of its walls reach 3 m (9.8 ft). Its two turrets have a diameter of	of	ADP	3.20	NUM	 3.20
The Chidori (千鳥, lit. " One Thousand Birds ") was created by Kakashi Hatake during his childhood, gaining its name when the channeling of strong lightning based chakra in one's hand produces a sound reminiscent of chirping birds. Once enough lightning chakra has	has	AUX	been	AUX	 been
The game was later displayed at the Electronic Entertainment Expo (E3) in Los Angeles during May 1996. Pilotwings 64 was released in Japan on June 23, 1996 as one of three Nintendo 64 launch titles, the other two being Super Mario 64 and Saikyō Habu	Habu	PROPN	Shōgi	PROPN	 Shōgi
Assuming the enemy to have fled, Smith's men approached the town's fortress, but a heavy fire was unleashed upon them as the British troops reached the gate. Despite heavy casualties, Smith was able to rally his forces and, with artillery support from the	the	DET	sloop	NOUN	 sloop
Cofresí confessed to capturing a French sloop in Vieques; a Danish schooner; a sailing ship from St. Thomas; a brigatine and a schooner from the Dominican Republic; a sloop with a load of cattle in Boca del Infierno; a ship from which he stole 800	800	NUM	pieces	NOUN	 pieces
The modern value, for the WGS 84 reference spheroid, is 1.000 196 57 m or 443.383 08 lignes. Nevertheless, the mètre des Archives remained the legal and practical standard for the metre in France, even once it was known that it did not exactly correspond	correspond	VERB	to	ADP	 to
This would allow the Ring Line to share the physical track with the Gjøvik Line on the section from Storo to Sinsen. The new T2ds were seen as a preparation for the Ring Line, and were optimised for higher speeds than the old stock, being capable of	of	ADP	operating	VERB	 operating
It was organized and helmed by John Howard Raymond, president of the college. While Raymond was the organization's first leader, students in the organization quickly saw fit to transition to self governance; Raymond " was not re elected. " The Society's first student	student	NOUN	president	NOUN	 president
The alternative ending was planned to be used if a third series was going to be commissioned, as this ending was much more ambiguous. It is known that the actors wanted the alternative ending, but after some debate, it was not shown. Caroline arrives at	at	ADP	East	PROPN	 East
' " A 2006 study published by Indiana University tried to compare the substantive amount of information of The Daily Show against prime time network news broadcasts, and concluded that when it comes to substance, there is little difference between The Daily Show and other news outlets.	.	PUNCT	The	DET	 The
She stated, however, that she " probably won ’ t be singing along to them in my car anytime soon ". In an album review giving Glee: The Music, Vol. 5 a total of two out of five stars, Andrew Leahey of Allmusic	Allmusic	PROPN	said	VERB	 said
" Edge described Cloud as an example of " excellent design and characterization ". Famitsu in 2010 published a seven page tribute to Cloud, showcasing his many appearances throughout the years. Cloud has appeared in various other lists. These include IGN's " Worst Videogame Haircuts	Haircuts	PROPN	"	PUNCT	 "
. The predominate bout on the card was for the TNA X Division Championship, in which then champion A.J. Styles defended the title against the challenger Petey Williams. At Bound for Glory, Williams competed in a Three Way Ultimate X match to determine the number one contender	contender	NOUN	to	ADP	 to
At 1613Z, almost three hours into the flight of the unresponsive Learjet, two F 16s from the 138th Fighter Wing of the Oklahoma Air National Guard (ANG), flying under the call sign " TULSA 13 flight ", were directed by the Minneapolis ARTCC to	to	PART	intercept	VERB	 intercept
He heads to her house, which is eerily quiet. Going in, he discovers a bottle of whiskey, several cigarette butts, and a telegram from the government. Dorothy's husband is dead, his plane shot down over France. Dorothy comes out of her	her	PRON	bedroom	NOUN	 bedroom
In their write up, RTÉ.ie advised, " park the snootiness before pressing the play button because while The Astonishing makes Iron Maiden's recent 92 minute double The Book of Souls look like a Ramones record, it's great fun... Mental elbow grease is required,	,	PUNCT	and	CCONJ	 and
Harrison commented on gardening as a form of escapism: " Sometimes I feel like I'm actually on the wrong planet, and it's great when I'm in my garden, but the minute I go out the gate I think: ' What the hell am	am	AUX	I	PRON	 I
Temple described him as " narcissistic ", " preening " and " ruthless... without sentiment ". McInnerny said " It's always nice to play a bastard... I'm glad Halpen's a three dimensional bastard! That makes him interesting! ". Temple epitomised	epitomised	VERB	Halpen	PROPN	 Halpen
Czechoslovakia's team was quickly improving; it won the 1947 and 1949 World Championships. At the 1952 Winter Olympics in Oslo, Norway, the gold medal was won by Canada's team for the second consecutive Games. It would be the last time that a Canadian	Canadian	ADJ	team	NOUN	 team
When the disappearance of Washington's army was discovered in the morning, Cornwallis immediately gave chase, but his troops only began to arrive two hours after the Princeton troops surrendered. Washington, his forces tired out after the night march and battle, moved north toward Morristown	Morristown	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
While songs were selected to make sure that guitar, bass, and drums all had great parts, they also opted for songs that would be strong for one single instrument as to make the game still appealing for those playing the single player modes. Some songs were	were	AUX	also	ADV	 also
Horses he beat that day included Golden Soul, who later placed second in the Kentucky Derby, and I've Struck a Nerve, who Oxbow faced again later in the Risen Star Stakes. He earned a speed figure of 94 and an additional ten points towards qualification	qualification	NOUN	for	ADP	 for
It is north west of fields and the A4 next to Heathrow Airport. Built in the early 15th century by Winchester College, it is the largest timber framed building in England and is regarded as an outstanding example of medieval carpentry. It was described by the English	English	PROPN	poet	NOUN	 poet
Named after the 18th century Russian general Prince (Knyaz) Alexander Suvorov, the ship was completed after the beginning of the Russo Japanese War in 1904. She became the flagship of Vice Admiral Zinovy Rozhestvensky, commander of the Second Pacific Squadron that was sent to the	the	DET	Far	PROPN	 Far
A shock absorber beneath the seat eases riding on uneven terrain and helps in turning by maximizing ski snow contact. Modern monoskis interface with a single, ordinary alpine ski by means of a " ski foot, " a metal or plastic block in the shape of a	a	DET	boot	NOUN	 boot
The ambassador from Milan wrote in 1531 that it was essential to have her approval if one wanted to influence the English government, a view corroborated by an earlier French ambassador in 1529. During this period, Anne Boleyn played an important role in England's international position	position	NOUN	by	ADP	 by
That same year, NBC began its attempts to win the television rights to Queen for a Day from Mutual. As a measure of the afternoon show's success, its audience at its new Los Angeles home, General Teleradio / Don Lee's KHJ TV, was	was	AUX	triple	ADJ	 triple
He became a free agent following the conclusion of the season. A free agent in 2002, Lofton signed a one year, $1.025 million contract with the Chicago White Sox. " I looked at the different opportunities that I had and this was a team that	that	PRON	won	VERB	 won
Frank Case, owner of the hotel, ensured a daily luncheon for the talented group of young writers by treating them to free celery and popovers; more importantly, they were provided with their own table and waiter. Edna Ferber, Franklin P. Adams, George S.	S.	PROPN	Kaufman	PROPN	 Kaufman
Mining has been done in the Solomon Creek watershed in the past, causing considerable environmental damage. The mining began in the beginning of the 1800s and continued until the 1970s. However, there was one strip mining permit in the watershed in the late 1990s. Starting	Starting	VERB	in	ADP	 in
The 22nd Jagannatha Ratha yatra Krishna Festival took place in Glastonbury on Sunday 4 October 2015. Devotees of the Krishna Consciousness movement travelled to the town from London, Bath, Bristol and elsewhere to join with locals in a procession and Kirtan. Sufism has been long established	established	VERB	in	ADP	 in
The territory of southern Baranja was ceded to the Kingdom of Serbs, Croats and Slovenes on the premise that it formed a natural hinterland of the city of Osijek. The territory south of the " Clemenceau line " was not distributed to any administrative divisions in existence before	before	SCONJ	the	DET	 the
Its surface circulation remained ill defined as it produced another round of heavy rainfall across northwest Louisiana on September 1. A large mesoscale convective system moved in from Oklahoma and northeast Texas, dissipating what was left of this tropical depression by September 2. Paid losses by the	the	DET	Federal	PROPN	 Federal
The proceeds of the single went to the Disasters Emergency Committee. Smith said " It's a real honour to be a part of something that is being done for the first time, and I hope that all music lovers get involved and help raise money for the	the	DET	campaign	NOUN	 campaign
At the time, France had just conquered Vietnam and made it a part of French Indochina. Along with Thuyet, Phan organised rebel armies as part of the Cần Vương movement, which sought to expel the French and install the boy Emperor Hàm Nghi at the head	head	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
This theme covers 20 – 30% of the exam. The fourth theme, which covers 30 – 40% of the exam, involves statistical inference using point estimation, confidence intervals, and significance tests. Along with the course curriculum, the exam is developed by	by	ADP	the	DET	 the
Two " paper railroads " were proposed for Larrys Creek: the " Larry's Creek Railroad and Coal Company ", incorporated June 24, 1839 to hold 2,000 acres (8.1 km2) and operate up to 7 miles (11 km) of railroad from the mouth	mouth	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
Thus, even though her father was a duke, Catherine was of relatively low birth. However her mother, Madeleine de la Tour d'Auvergne, the Countess of Boulogne, was from one of the most prominent and ancient French noble families; this prestigious maternal heritage was	was	AUX	of	ADP	 of
In 1531 a complaint was sent by the encomenderos of Hispaniola that Las Casas was again accusing them of mortal sins from the pulpit. In 1533 he contributed to the establishment of a peace treaty between the Spanish and the rebel Taíno band of chief Enriquillo. In 1534	1534	NUM	Las	PROPN	 Las
He next intended to write an unrelated postmodern space opera, titled The Log of the Mustang Sally, but reneged on the contract with Arbor House after a falling out over the dustjacket art of their hardcover of Count Zero. Abandoning The Log of the Mustang Sally,	,	PUNCT	Gibson	PROPN	 Gibson
There, the battleships served as training ships. In 1929, the ship's 3 inch anti aircraft guns were replaced with more powerful 4 inch guns. In January 1931, Marlborough served as the squadron flagship, relieving Emperor of India. She remained in the position	position	NOUN	for	ADP	 for
In 2000, Conteh coauthored a study published in the Journal of Clinical Microbiology comparing the efficacy and outcome of diagnosing Lassa fever patients with the indirect fluorescent antibody (IFA) test and the enzyme linked immunosorbent assay (ELISA). According to Iruka N. Okeke, the	the	DET	study	NOUN	 study
On 26 September 1878 he married his first wife, Helene Förster Peters. From 1877 to 1887 he wrote for the nationalist magazines Neue Welt (" New World "), Heimat (" Homeland "), Deutsche Zeitung (" German Newspaper "), and	and	CCONJ	the	DET	 the
Duško Knežević was found guilty of crimes against humanity (murder, torture, sexual violence, persecution, and other inhumane acts). He was found to have been directly involved in the crimes carried out in the Omarska and Keraterm camps. He was also found guilty	guilty	ADJ	under	ADP	 under
Lyrically, the song reflects on Madonna's childhood including her mother's death and her father's reaction, and the effect on their relationship. The tenth track is " Die Another Day ", the theme to the James Bond film of the same name which featured	featured	VERB	dominating	VERB	 dominating
However, the lower socioeconomic status children did worse on the test when they received directions in an evaluative way than the higher socioeconomic status children did when they received directions in an evaluative way. These results suggested that the framing of the directions given to the children may	may	AUX	have	VERB	 have
His children, including his eldest son and heir, Cecil, who was born in the winter of 1605 – 06, were all baptized as Christian Protestants. When Anne died on 8 August 1622, she was buried at Calvert's local Protestant parish church, St	St	PROPN	Martin	PROPN	 Martin
There Morgan told his counselors that he would agree to help shore up Moore & Schley only if the trust companies would work together to bail out their weakest brethren. The discussion among the bankers continued late into Saturday night but without much progress. Around midnight, J.P.	J.P.	PROPN	Morgan	PROPN	 Morgan
Each PT boat would carry twenty 55 gallon drums of additional fuel on the deck. This reduced the top speed of the boats to about 30 knots (56 kilometres per hour; 35 miles per hour). To make room for the passengers, Bulkeley had to	to	PART	leave	VERB	 leave
The rivalry between West Ham and Millwall is portrayed during the opening scenes of the film. Dhan Dhana Dhan Goal (2007) – The main protagonist Sunny Bhasin (John Abraham) initially agrees to leave Southhall United Football Club and signs a lucrative offer to play for	for	ADP	Millwall	PROPN	 Millwall
Mona reveals that she sent Homer a care package every week, although he never received them, and they go to the post office to claim them. There, Burns recognizes her and calls the FBI. The FBI and Burns manage to track Mona down and invade	invade	VERB	the	DET	 the
" Watch Over Me " spent eight weeks on the ARIA Singles Chart, where it peaked at number 16. The song was performed by Fanning, Chambers, and Clare Bowditch at the 2006 ARIA Awards. I realised about three songs into writing it how insulting that	that	PRON	was	AUX	 was
It won a Reuben Award, two Leo Awards and a SOCAN Award, and was also nominated for another four Leo Awards, an Annie Award and two Kids ' Choice Awards. The show attracted an audience of 31 million households, was broadcast in 120 countries,	,	PUNCT	and	CCONJ	 and
Miller had enjoyed his visit to the home of cricket. In eight innings at Lord's for the season, he had scored 568 runs at 94.68, with three centuries. The season ended with a few more matches against English counties. Miller struck aggressive half centuries	centuries	NOUN	in	ADP	 in
to myself I cried, / If Lucy should be dead! ' And there the poem ends! " On " A slumber did my spirit seal ", Wordsworth's friend Thomas Powell wrote that the poem " stands by itself, and is without title prefixed,	,	PUNCT	yet	CCONJ	 yet
She described this as " a mess table and comfortable quarters for sick and convalescent officers ", and provided succour for wounded servicemen on the battlefield. She was posthumously awarded the Jamaican Order of Merit in 1991. In 2004 she was voted the greatest black Briton.	.	PUNCT	She	PRON	 She
Fossil remains indicate tigers were also present in Borneo and Palawan in the Philippines during the late Pleistocene and Holocene. During the 20th century, tigers became extinct in western Asia and were restricted to isolated pockets in the remaining parts of their range. They were extirpated on	on	ADP	the	DET	 the
Further restriction occurred in the late 20th and early 21st centuries, researchers such as Ronan Allain and Dan Chure suggesting that the Stonesfield Slate fossils perhaps belonged to several, possibly not directly related, species of theropod dinosaur. Subsequent research seemed to confirm this hypothesis, and	and	CCONJ	the	DET	 the
On June 23, 2015, Flock Favorites was added with 15 levels inspired by previous episodes. On December 11, 2015, in honor of Angry Birds 6th birthday, new 15 levels were added to Birdday Party. Since its initial release for the Nokia N900 multimedia	multimedia	NOUN	Internet	NOUN	 Internet
The monument has managed to attract several international media coverage in specific before and during the visit of Pope Benedict XVI to Malta as the pope mobile, carrying the papacy, had been planned and passed by it. Similarly the same artist has created another monumental column,	,	PUNCT	the	DET	 the
Kodak declined to issue a certificate of authenticity. Gardner believed that the Kodak technicians might not have examined the photographs entirely objectively, observing that one had commented " after all, as fairies couldn't be true, the photographs must have been faked somehow ". The	The	DET	prints	NOUN	 prints
It has more tense with closer lip aperture and more friction than the voiceless wh of English ". According to Tolkien, the graphs 〈 q 〉 or 〈 qu 〉 is pronounced as " a lip rounded ' k ' followed by a partly unvoiced w offglide "	"	PUNCT	,	PUNCT	,
Webber supports the North Melbourne Kangaroos in the Australian Football League. In November 2003, Webber organised and competed in a 10 day trek across Tasmania to raise funds for children's cancer research charities. Starting in Marrawah on the state's west coast, the trek involved	involved	VERB	1,000	NUM	 1,000
He then rounded off his preparation for the next Test series with consecutive fifties for Tamil Nadu in the Ranji Trophy. Karthik had a lean Test series against Pakistan at home in late 2008. In the first two Tests, he managed only 39 in two innings,	,	PUNCT	passing	VERB	 passing
However, this campaign was ultimately a failure due to a rival military officer of Shen disobeying direct orders, and the territory gained from the Western Xia was eventually lost. There was also a significant war fought against the Lý dynasty of Vietnam from 1075 to 1077 over	over	ADP	a	DET	 a
Evans states that most German citizens disapproved of the genocide. Some Polish citizens tried to rescue or hide the remaining Jews, and members of the Polish underground got word to their government in exile in London as to what was happening. In addition to eliminating Jews,	,	PUNCT	the	DET	 the
There is a real, human yearning for mercy in it — Mariah ’ s true cry for help from a place of near suicidal despair: ' Sometimes this life can be so cold / (Lord) I pray you'll come and carry me home '.	.	PUNCT	But	CCONJ	 But
Rivadavia cites Hammerheart as a landmark album that " formally introduced " to the metal world the " archetypical Viking metal album ". Through this album, writes Rividavia, Quorthon, the band's founder, " became a standard bearer for an entire generation of disenfranchised Norse	Norse	PROPN	descended	VERB	 descended
NY 38 passes through much of the county, ending about 4 miles (6 km) south of the shoreline in Sterling. As a result, over half of NY 38's routing is located in the county, with the midpoint located near the city of Auburn	Auburn	PROPN	.	PUNCT	.
Before non Lutheran churches were granted toleration in 1809, clampdowns on illegal forms of worship and teaching often provoked whole groups of pietists to leave together, intent on forming their own spiritual communities in the new land. The largest contingent of such dissenters, 1,500 followers of	of	ADP	Eric	PROPN	 Eric
William W. Powers State Recreation Area is on Chicago's far southeast side, off highways 94, 90, and 41. The main park entrance is at 12949 South Avenue O. At one time, the Wolf lake was connected to Lake Michigan by a creek running through	through	ADP	Hammond	PROPN	 Hammond
Thus, the Ukrainian gangster and his henchmen kidnap and torture Homer as bait to lure Wayne. Wayne tracks Homer down through tracking devices he unknowingly ate, frees him and kills all of the Ukrainian gangsters. Afterwards, Wayne decides to leave Springfield, but not before	before	ADP	giving	VERB	 giving
) " Carey is also credited for introducing R & B and hip hop into mainstream pop culture, and for popularizing rap as a featuring act through her post 1995 songs. Sasha Frere Jones, editor of The New Yorker commented, " It became standard for R	R	PROPN	&	CCONJ	 &
Longfellow had her body embalmed immediately and placed in a lead coffin inside an oak coffin which was then shipped to Mount Auburn Cemetery near Boston. He was deeply saddened by her death, writing " One thought occupies me night and day... She is dead — She	She	PRON	is	AUX	 is
Two routes in the Detroit area — a loop through Farmington and a spur into Detroit — both using Grand River Avenue, and meeting at the temporary end of I 96 near Purdue Avenue, were eliminated when I 96 was moved to the completed Jeffries Freeway in 1977	1977	NUM	.	PUNCT	.
Edward retreated to Caerphilly Castle and attempted to rally his remaining forces. Edward's authority collapsed in England where, in the King's absence, Isabella's faction took over the administration with the support of the Church. Her forces surrounded Bristol, where Hugh Despenser the	the	DET	Elder	PROPN	 Elder
7.96% of the population are Hispanic or Latino of any race. Among the Hispanic population, 6.1% are Mexican, 0.4% Puerto Rican, and 0.3% Guatemalan. Non Hispanic Whites were 70.3% of the population in 2010, down from 87.7% in	in	ADP	1970	NUM	 1970
Near the Orenco neighborhood is Imbrie Farm, which includes a house built in 1866 and the Frank Imbrie Barn, both of which McMenamins converted for use as a brewpub. Built in 1935, the Harold Wass Ray House is near Intel's Hawthorn Farm campus. Historic	Historic	ADJ	properties	NOUN	 properties
The Abbasid campaign was led personally by the Caliph al Mu'tasim (reigned 833 – 842), in retaliation to a virtually unopposed expedition launched by the Byzantine emperor Theophilos (r. 829 – 842) into the Caliphate's borderlands the previous year. Mu'tasim targeted Amorium,	,	PUNCT	a	DET	 a
After Henry James FitzRoy, Earl of Euston, was named in the press as a client, he successfully sued for libel. The scandal fuelled the attitude that male homosexuality was an aristocratic vice that corrupted lower class youths. Such perceptions were still prevalent in 1895 when	when	SCONJ	the	DET	 the
He was awarded the Long Service and Good Conduct Medal in 1905, and the Volunteer Officers ' Decoration in 1908. On 22 June 1908, Weir was promoted to lieutenant colonel and appointed the commanding officer of the 10th Infantry Regiment. On 1 January 1912, he	he	PRON	was	AUX	 was
Chapter 9 discusses Dhyana limb of yoga. Dhyana can lead to freedom or bondage, depending on how and what one concentrates on. Freedom comes from realizing the oneness of individual self with the universal self. The Nirguna (non qualified, attribute less) form of	of	ADP	meditation	NOUN	 meditation
Like the " Orrery " and the " Wizard's Tower ", Bethesda set " The Vile Lair " ' s PC release price at US $1.89, and the Xbox 360 release price at 150 Marketplace points, equivalent to US $1.88. Joystiq responded positively	positively	ADV	to	ADP	 to
This period also saw the emergence of a new generation of Scottish poets that became leading figures on the UK stage, including Don Paterson, Robert Crawford, Kathleen Jamie and Carol Ann Duffy. Glasgow born Carol Ann Duffy was named as Poet Laureate in May 2009,	,	PUNCT	the	DET	 the
It also contains songs by her label mates Scritti Politti, Duncan Faure, Club Nouveau, Coati Mundi and Michael Davidson. The soundtrack is credited as a Madonna album, despite her only performing four of the nine tracks on the album. After the commercial success of	of	ADP	her	PRON	 her
Her sister ships were Sachsen, Baden, and Württemberg. Named for Bavaria, Bayern was built by the Imperial Dockyard in Kiel from 1874 to 1881. The ship was commissioned into the Imperial Navy in August 1881. She was armed with a main battery of six	six	NUM	26	NUM	 26
He qualified with these throws as the MHSAA regional champion as both a junior and senior, while also placing in the shot put. Although Van Bergen only ran a 5.40 second 40 yard dash as a freshman, he got the time down to 4.89 prior to his	his	PRON	senior	ADJ	 senior
The AW101 is equipped with the Blue Kestrel search and detection radar which is capable of 360 degree scanning and can detect small targets as far as 25 nautical miles. As part of the Royal Navy's Merlin HM2 upgrade program, Lockheed Martin implemented a series of improvements	improvements	NOUN	to	ADP	 to
The Buckman Act was controversial, as it changed the character of a historic coeducational state school into a school for women. An early and major benefactor of the school, James Westcott, Jr. (1839 – 1887), willed substantial monies to the school to support	support	VERB	continued	ADJ	 continued
The Hitmen play in the Central Division of the Western Hockey League (WHL). They play their home games at the Scotiabank Saddledome. Bret " The Hitman " Hart, a local born professional wrestler, was a founding owner as well as the inspiration for the	the	DET	team	NOUN	 team
In 2005, the Base Realignment and Closure suggestions included the closure of the Vancouver Barracks, and the 104th Division was subsequently relocated to Fort Lewis, Washington. In 2005, the current Distinctive Unit Insignia was designed under the direction of Major General Terrill K. (TK	TK	PROPN	)	PUNCT	)
Pete Johnson in the Los Angeles Times wrote, " Dylan is a superbly eloquent writer of pop and folk songs with an unmatched ability to press complex ideas and iconoclastic philosophy into brief poetic lines and startling images. " The editor of Crawdaddy!, Paul Williams,	,	PUNCT	reviewed	VERB	 reviewed
Sands ' election victory, combined with that of pro hunger strike candidates in the Northern Ireland local elections and Dáil elections in the Republic of Ireland, gave birth to the armalite and ballot box strategy. Gerry Adams remarked that Sands ' victory " exposed the lie that	that	SCONJ	the	DET	 the
Due to their distinctive shape, they have been nicknamed " R2D2s ", in reference to the droid R2 D2 from the Star Wars universe. Designed in the early 1970s by General Dynamics, and currently produced by Raytheon, the Phalanx CIWS mount utilizes a 20 mm	mm	NOUN	M61	PROPN	 M61
In 1849, the Sherwoods moved to Twickenham, Middlesex, and in December of that year Captain Sherwood died. Sherwood herself died almost two years later on 20 September 1851. Sherwood scholar M. Nancy Cutt has argued that Sherwood's career can be usefully divided into three	three	NUM	periods	NOUN	 periods
Another technique, known as spit polishing or bull polishing, involves gently rubbing polish into the leather with a cloth and a drop of water or spit. This achieves the mirror like, high gloss finish sometimes known as a spit shine or bull which is especially valued	valued	VERB	in	ADP	 in
While approaching the closing stages of the season, his good performances with Bayern Munich II made Ottmar Hitzfeld, the manager of Bayern's first team, to call him to train with the professional squad. Due to the injuries of a lot of first team players,	,	PUNCT	Ngwat	PROPN	 Ngwat
It recommends the Mediterranean diet which is associated with health and longevity and is low in meat, rich in fruits and vegetables, low in added sugar and limited salt, and low in saturated fatty acids; the traditional source of fat in the Mediterranean is olive oil	oil	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
Modern written Chinese, which replaced Classical Chinese as the written standard as an indirect result of the May Fourth Movement of 1919, is not technically bound to any single dialect; however, it most nearly represents the vocabulary and syntax of Mandarin, by far the most	most	ADV	widespread	ADJ	 widespread
However, they went on to say that Christ had only a divine will and no human will (Monothelite is derived from the Greek for " one will "), which led some to charge them with Apollinarian monophysitism. The Monothelite position was promulgated by Patriarch Sergius	Sergius	PROPN	I	PRON	 I
Although the smoke cloud coming from the World Trade Center engulfed the building at one point, there was no structural damage to the building, and there were no reports of physical injuries. Less than an hour after the collapse of the second WTC tower, concern over	over	ADP	a	DET	 a
Shaw even took a pair of scissors to the dried skin to check for stitches. The common name " platypus " is the latinisation of the Greek word πλατύπους (platupous), " flat footed ", from πλατύς (platus), " broad, wide,	,	PUNCT	flat	ADJ	 flat
The video features Beyoncé and her two companions dancing inside an infinity cove, which alternates between black and white and places the focus on the complex choreography. Throughout the video the women click their heels and shake their hips and legs. However, the main intention is	is	AUX	to	PART	 to
Grampa's parents both appear briefly in " Much Apu About Nothing " when Grampa tells the story of how his family emigrated to America. Their names were given to be Orville J. Simpson and Yuma Hickman in The Simpsons Uncensored Family Album, but have never been mentioned	mentioned	VERB	in	ADP	 in
Henry gave them an allowance of 5,000 livres, but in return extracted a statement from Clementina that she had never been married to Charles – a statement she later tried to retract. This lower amount forced them to find cheaper lodgings in the convent of Notre Dame at	at	ADP	Meaux	PROPN	 Meaux
On 25 October 1971, with opposition from the United States, but with the support of many Third World nations, the mainland, communist People's Republic of China was given the Chinese seat on the Security Council in place of the Republic of China that occupied Taiwan	Taiwan	PROPN	;	PUNCT	;
This makes management a challenge for policymakers, though at present, the cost of allowing overpopulation of feral horses seems to outweigh other concerns. The traditional method of removal, called Brumby running, is reminiscent of Banjo Paterson's iconic poem, The Man from Snowy River	River	PROPN	where	SCONJ	 where
Her determination to carry out a wide range of public duties won her widespread popularity. She twice represented her mother at Drawing Rooms, where guests were instructed to present themselves to Helena as if they were presenting themselves to the Queen. Helena was closest to her brother	brother	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
The day's racing also produced another crash: this time Aru fell to the ground. Although he had to make several trips to the medical car, he did not seem seriously injured. At the end of the stage, Dumoulin used his team to put him	him	PRON	in	ADP	 in
It's always fun to have Georgina around. She justs stirs the pot in a major way. She sort of threads through all the major stories [...] sort of like a witness until she injects herself. And of course, returning to Constance, you	you	PRON	ca	AUX	 ca
An average of 23.2 million viewers in the United Kingdom watched the event, with an estimated 750 million worldwide. Critics were generally positive, but noted that it was not as good as the opening ceremony. Some of the foreign reviews questioned whether everyone would have understood	understood	VERB	the	DET	 the
Phleps distinguished himself in the fighting at Kremenchuk and Dnipropetrovsk in the Ukraine, commanded his own Kampfgruppe, became a confidant of Generalmajor (Brigadier General) Hans Valentin Hube, commander of the 16th Panzer Division, and was subsequently promoted to SS Oberführer (senior colonel)	)	PUNCT	.	PUNCT	.
They are, in the true sense of the word, guesses at truth, frequently contradicting each other, yet all tending in one direction. The key note of the old Upanishads is " know thyself, " but with a much deeper meaning than that of the	the	DET	γνῶθι	NOUN	 γνῶθι
Below the dining room is a wine cellar. On the fifth floor of the circular tower is a room designed for playing rackets, which is approached by a stone spiral staircase. The castle had no formal garden, but at the bottom of the drive were kitchen	kitchen	NOUN	gardens	NOUN	 gardens
General Sir Mike Jackson said he was " saddened " by the case. Marine A's guilty verdict led to a showing of public support for the Marine, with people creating social media groups and online petitions alternately asking that he be given a lenient sentence and calling	calling	VERB	for	ADP	 for
Two 5.1 inch (130 mm), 50 pound Dahlgren rifles were fitted on the upper deck as chase guns. They were replaced by 60 pound Dahlgren rifles by October 1864. Each 11 inch gun weighed approximately 16,000 pounds (7,300 kg). They could fire	fire	VERB	a	DET	 a
He said, " I needed to get a sense of who Todd was first, and that has to happen organically. " He did not care if Marlon Brando portrayed the role before him. St. John said that even actors who portray Hamlet do it differently,	,	PUNCT	and	CCONJ	 and
The final segment of US 89 to the Idaho state line follows the lake's west shore, its location constrained by the Bear River Range just to the west. When US 89 was created in 1926, it only went as far north as Spanish Fork, where	where	SCONJ	travelers	NOUN	 travelers
From there, overland routes led to the Mediterranean coasts. Venetian merchants distributed then the goods through Europe until the rise of the Ottoman Empire, that eventually led to the fall of Constantinople in 1453, barring Europeans from important combined land sea routes. As trade between	between	ADP	India	PROPN	 India
It spent 32 weeks on the Hot 100 and ended up at number five on Billboard magazine's year end chart. As of June 2012, "... Baby One More Time " has sold 1,412,000 physical singles, with 511,000 paid digital downloads in the United States.	.	PUNCT	It	PRON	 It
It was released on December 14, 2009 by Warner Bros. Records and marked her final single release with the label, which had been her record company since 1982. The song features American rapper Lil Wayne and was written by Madonna, Carlos Battey, Steven Battey,	,	PUNCT	Dwayne	PROPN	 Dwayne
Built in 1840, it was part of Little Rock's first military installation. Since its decommissioning, The Tower Building has housed two museums. It was home to the Arkansas Museum of Natural History and Antiquities from 1942 to 1997 and the MacArthur Museum of Arkansas Military	Military	PROPN	History	PROPN	 History
Word of Clinton's movements only reached Gates after the battle of Bemis Heights. In addition to the Lincoln's 2,000 men, militia units poured into the American camp, swelling the American army to over 15,000 men. Burgoyne, who had put his army on short	short	ADJ	rations	NOUN	 rations
It portrayed Madonna in her first image makeover, with platinum blond curls, and conservative wardrobe. Madonna wanted to include a summation of her biography — which was used at the beginning of The Virgin Tour — to be added with the footage. Hence, with the	the	DET	footage	NOUN	 footage
The gauge of the new line was not yet determined, although the estimates had been prepared on the basis that it would not exceed 6 feet. Many of Grainger and Miller's lines had been to a gauge of 4 ft 6 in; the Dundee and Newtyle	Newtyle	PROPN	Railway	PROPN	 Railway
Born in Ely, Nevada, she grew up with her two brothers in what is now Cerritos, California, graduating from high school in 1929. She attended Fullerton Junior College and later the University of Southern California. She paid for her schooling by working multiple jobs	jobs	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
The covers of the The Nancy Drew Files and Girl Detective series represent further departures from the bold, confident character portrayed by Tandy. The Nancy portrayed on the covers of The Nancy Drew Files is " a markedly sexy Nancy, with a handsome young man always lurking	lurking	VERB	in	ADP	 in
Sports. He was also selected in March as one of six finalists for the Bob Cousy Award. On April 7, 2010, Turner held a press conference and announced that he would forgo his final season of collegiate eligibility and enter the 2010 NBA draft, where	where	SCONJ	he	PRON	 he
Having premiered in the small sixty seat Royal Court Theatre, it quickly moved to larger venues in London, transferring to the 230 seat Chelsea Classic Cinema on Kings Road on 14 August 1973, before finding a quasi permanent home at the 500 seat King's Road Theatre	Theatre	PROPN	from	ADP	 from
In a criminal proceeding on which Tilley sat as judge, the chief was sentenced to a year of house arrest and ordered to pay compensation for the destroyed property. There were similar issues with Samoan customs not blending well with the newly introduced American political divisions in the	the	DET	territory	NOUN	 territory
Ike Clanton's hat was found in the back of the building across Allen Street from where the shots were fired. Wyatt wired U.S. Marshal Crawley P. Dake asking to be appointed deputy U.S. marshal with authority to select his own deputies. Dake granted the request in late	late	ADJ	January	PROPN	 January
Reunion Tracks appeared on the Oricon charts for a single week at position # 108. Final Fantasy VII Advent Children Original Soundtrack was well received by critics. Gann said that Final Fantasy fans have " no excuse " not to buy the album and noted that his only	only	ADJ	disappointments	NOUN	 disappointments
Topographical maps were first produced by A.O. Wheeler in the early 1900s, and in the 1970s, Wheeler's grandson, Dr. John Wheeler, conducted an extensive geological survey from land and air. From Rogers Pass, layers of quartzite and slate are visible, revealing the	the	DET	fact	NOUN	 fact
While in Milan he passed two weeks between life and death, even being anointed. While on a bed recovering, on 22 May 1888 he received news that slavery had been abolished in Brazil. With a weak voice and tears in his eyes, he said,	,	PUNCT	"	PUNCT	 "
On the production of " So Appalled ", he said " it's Kanye, the beat brings the ghost out of you. " The rapper described his verse as " self explanatory " and stated that it was one of his favorite of his career. Pusha	Pusha	PROPN	T	NOUN	 T
He participated on Latin America's team in the Little League World Series, but due to his slight stature (5 feet 10 inches (1.78 m) 154 pounds (70 kg)), struggled to captivate scouts ' attention. Galvis said, " They told	told	VERB	me	PRON	 me
nu: under, beneath. ono: 1. in front of, ahead, before [in all relation but time]. 2. after [of time only]. Elvish greetings can be expressed both by voice and by hand, and often involve a	a	DET	combination	NOUN	 combination
Several camera crews used 1 ⁄ 2 in (13 mm) black and white portapaks and followed Maharaj Ji and his group across the United States for six weeks. The TVTV production team debated whether to include the secret techniques of Maharaj Ji in the documentary and finally	finally	ADV	decided	VERB	 decided
She spent a year writing and recording her solo debut album, Fired Up, working with a wide range of producers including Richard X, Xenomania, Johnny Douglas, Brian Higgins, Estelle and Paul Epworth. During this period, Dixon performed mononymously, known simply as	as	ADP	"	PUNCT	 "
While crossing the northern Philippines, the two systems merged and became a single cyclone, retaining the name Lucille. During its passage of the country, winds up to 63 km / h (39 mph) were reported in Manila. Once back over open waters,	,	PUNCT	the	DET	 the
" However, DA party agents from the voting station confirmed that the votes had already been counted. Party agent for the DA, Jordan Griffith tweeted, “ I was the party agent there, those votes were counted and recorded.. signed off. The IEC in	in	ADP	their	PRON	 their
By the end of the century, however, the castle was increasingly regarded as out of date from a military perspective. In the 18th century, Walmer Castle became the official residence of the Lord Warden of the Cinque Ports. The Lord Warden was originally a medieval	medieval	ADJ	title	NOUN	 title
The route, often subject to flooding from the waterlogged soil which it travelled over, was gradually improved, especially during the 1830s. In the late 1840s the Niagara and Ten Mile Creek Plank Road Company planked the length of the road. During the latter half of	of	ADP	the	DET	 the
The 9th Brigade moved eastwards, crossing the railway 1 mile (1.6 km) north west of Qalqilye at 09: 00 with the 93rd Burma Infantry in the centre, the 105th Mahratta Light Infantry on their right, the 1 / 1st Gurkha Rifles on their left	left	NOUN	and	CCONJ	 and
In Texarkana (where the story is based), this film is shown to the public at Spring Lake Park near Halloween. It is the last film shown for " Movies in the Park ", which plays a film on each Thursday during May and October.	.	PUNCT	The	DET	 The
University of Montreal historian David Ownby notes that there are no " mid- or upper level tiers of the organization where one might go for such information. " He says that practitioners are not " members " of an " organization ", and do not fill out any	any	DET	forms	NOUN	 forms
However, Highway 49 has no direct access to such a ring road, so many trucks bound to or from the east use the city arterials, slowing traffic and damaging roads. Dawson Creek is a regional node for air, rail, and bus services. The	The	DET	Dawson	PROPN	 Dawson
The letter was discovered in 2009 when Steve Nunn was charged with the murder of his former fiancée, Amanda Ross. In 1999, Nunn again considered a bid for governor, precluding a potential bid by his son, Steve. He cited personal and health issues for	for	ADP	not	PART	 not
Her main leisure interests include equestrianism and dogs, especially her Pembroke Welsh Corgis. Her lifelong love of corgis began in 1933 with Dookie, the first corgi owned by her family. Scenes of a relaxed, informal home life have occasionally been witnessed; she and her	her	PRON	family	NOUN	 family
He then sailed home across the Gulf. The next year, the Acarnanians made peace with the Spartans to avoid further invasions. In 388 BC, Agesipolis led a Spartan army against Argos. Since no Argive army challenged him, he plundered the countryside for a time	time	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
The music on Thrive has been described as contemporary Christian; and rock it was also described as " mid ' 90s grunge rock with country flair " and the album as having " rock, pop, and worship " songs. Thrive was also noted to have influences	influences	NOUN	from	ADP	 from
Within days of the action Hood had been promoted to rear admiral and awarded a pension of £500 a year, but despite his wound he continued in service, fighting a notable action with Russian ships in the Baltic Sea in 1807 and later operating off the Spanish	Spanish	ADJ	coast	NOUN	 coast
In February 2008, Woon was appointed by the Ministry of Finance to chair a steering committee to review the Companies Act. Woon became Attorney General on 11 April 2008. Three months into the job, he created some controversy when delivering an off the cuff speech at	at	ADP	the	DET	 the
The US Electronic Communications Privacy Act places limitations on the ability of law enforcement or civil investigators to intercept and access evidence. The act makes a distinction between stored communication (e.g. email archives) and transmitted communication (such as VOIP). The latter, being considered	considered	VERB	more	ADJ	 more
She makes dialogue sound better than it is by a matchless beauty and clarity of diction ". He wrote The Night of the Iguana (1961) with Hepburn in mind, but the actress, although flattered, felt the play was wrong for her and declined the	the	DET	part	NOUN	 part
Though Gannon insisted that this was not ultimately his decision, but instead was down to the board. Striker Liam Dickinson was sad to seem him go, and told the media that Gannon would have little trouble finding a new management post. In January 2011, Gannon	Gannon	PROPN	was	AUX	 was
Fifty sisters are exposed and executed, while twenty are able to escape. Taking advantage of the weakened White Tower defenses following the Seanchan raid, the rebels prepare an immediate attack. Just before the attack is mounted, the Tower Aes Sedai announce that Elaida was captured	captured	VERB	in	ADP	 in
" Once on the street, she caught the eye of a man who took her into a saloon, bought her a beer, gave her ten dollars, informed her she did not have " the knack ", and told her to quit the business. She	She	PRON	was	AUX	 was
Halo 4 features updated versions of many human and Covenant weaponry from previous Halo games, as well as introducing new weapons for the humans, Covenant and Prometheans. The game also features reusable equipment, called armor abilities, introduced in Halo: Reach. New armor abilities	abilities	NOUN	are	AUX	 are
The protagonist also foils an attempt to Kumiko for unknown reasons. After taking down each of the five major demon factions, Davis reveals that the entire affair was orchestrated to break five seals holding prisoner the spirit of Inaruna: once a powerful regional priestess who was executed	executed	VERB	for	ADP	 for
The gene targeting approach uses a specially designed RNA enzyme to inhibit strains of the herpes simplex virus. The enzyme disables a gene responsible for producing a protein involved in the maturation and release of viral particles in an infected cell. The technique appears to be effective in	in	ADP	experiments	NOUN	 experiments
She describes Roland through traditionally feminine roles: She was her husband's friend, companion, amanuensis; fearful of the temptations of the world, she gave herself up to labour; she soon became absolutely necessary to him at every moment, and in all the incidents	incidents	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
After each team again traded punts, Alabama drove the ball to the Bulldogs ' one yard line. However, Eddie Lacy fumbled on second down and then McCarron threw an interception in the endzone to Sanders Commings to end the drive. The Crimson Tide forced another punt	punt	NOUN	on	ADP	 on
At Banagher, there are ridges on both sides of the river and roads were built along these many centuries ago. The first bridge was built over the Shannon at that point as early as 1049. It was a place of great strategic importance because the Shannon and	and	CCONJ	its	PRON	 its
The Carnegie Hall concert was held specifically for the purpose of recording a live album, despite Shankar's hesitations about using " traditional recording considerations " to capture improvisational music. Full Circle contains two ragas presented in five tracks totaling just over one hour in length. Kaushi	Kaushi	PROPN	Kanhara	PROPN	 Kanhara
The railway runs in an approximately north easterly direction along the Fathew valley, mainly through fields of local farms on the valley floor, although this is where some of the steepest gradients on the line are to be found. The ruling gradient of the line is 1	1	NUM	in	ADP	 in
Should a party member lose health or mana points, they can be restored by using provisions. The errands that can be undertaken at the request of townspeople and the bounty hunts available from the Taskmaster are collectively known as " tasks ". When tasks are completed,	,	PUNCT	players	NOUN	 players
It also served as the highest court of appeal in certain judicial cases. The assembly of the tribes (i.e. the citizens of Rome), the Comitia Tributa, was presided over by a consul, and was composed of 35 tribes. The tribes were not ethnic	ethnic	ADJ	or	CCONJ	 or
Unfortunately, someone has to lose ". Platt, a former Northern Ireland international, was equally optimistic. He said " My side is very young - nearly all of them in their early 20s. I think we will be here again next season or go up	up	ADP	automatically	ADV	 automatically
Schnaufer had to wait two months to achieve another victory, claiming the destruction of two Vickers Wellingtons and one Armstrong Whitworth Whitley within the space of 62 minutes in the early hours of 1 August. Rumpelhardt and Schnaufer flew their first combat mission with the Lichtenstein radar on	on	ADP	the	DET	 the
There he contracted tuberculosis and later died of that disease at the age of 34. Carte's London house was at the Adelphi, not far from the Savoy. Passionate about the visual arts as well as the performing arts, Carte invited his friend, the artist	artist	NOUN	James	PROPN	 James
Verna confesses that she once sexually assaulted former professional basketball player Scottie Pippen. When Pete tells Tracy that actress Novella Nelson will be his " mother ", Tracy says he had his sights on actress Phylicia Rashad or professional tennis player Serena Williams to be his " mother	mother	NOUN	"	PUNCT	 "
(MLSE) is a professional sports and commercial real estate company based in Toronto, Ontario, Canada. With assets that include franchises in three of the six major professional sports leagues in the United States and Canada, it is the largest sports and entertainment company in	in	ADP	Canada	PROPN	 Canada
The book follows Marguerite from the ages of 17 to 19, through a series of relationships, occupations, and cities as she attempts to raise her son and to find her place in the world. It continues exploring the themes of Angelou's isolation and loneliness begun	begun	VERB	in	ADP	 in
Despite leading them to a 103 49 record, the Flamigos finished the season one game behind his former team, the Sun Sox. In 1953, he became the manager of the Fort Lauderdale Lions and led them to the Florida International League title. After spending the	the	DET	1954	NUM	 1954
The Northern Extension Center of the University of Kentucky had been founded in Covington in 1948. After Ashland, with the continued support of second term Governor Happy Chandler, President Dickey further expanded the program by developing University of Kentucky Extension Centers in Fort Knox (1958)	)	PUNCT	,	PUNCT	,
Poole, Thomas (2010), " Judicial Review at the Margins: Law, Power, and Prerogative " (PDF), University of Toronto Law Journal 60 (1): 81 – 108, doi: 10.3138 / utlj.60.1.81, SSRN 1543144, archived from the	the	DET	original	ADJ	 original
" Cog " opens with a close up on a transmission bearing rolling down a board into a synchro hub. The hub in turn rolls into a gear wheel cog, which falls off of the board and into a camshaft and pulley wheel. The camera tracks slowly	slowly	ADV	from	ADP	 from
As the nuclear deterrence mission was given to the Royal Navy's submarine launched Polaris missiles in 1969, a large V bomber fleet was deemed surplus to requirements. Consequently, many of the surviving Victors were converted into aerial refuelling tankers. During the Falklands War, Victor	Victor	PROPN	tankers	NOUN	 tankers
It extended Carey's lead as the female artist with the most number one singles in the country. The only acts still ahead of Carey were Elvis Presley with seventeen (a record she surpassed in 2008 with Touch My Body becoming her eighteenth number one single) and	and	CCONJ	The	DET	 The
Lochry's force was part of an army being raised by George Rogers Clark for a campaign against Detroit, the British regional headquarters. Clark, the preeminent American military leader on the northwestern frontier, worked with Governor Thomas Jefferson of Virginia in planning an expedition to capture	capture	VERB	Detroit	PROPN	 Detroit
Well, how on earth can you possibly do this? You can't write and record a song in half an hour with a film crew watching. The session was interrupted constantly, with people entering the building, phoning them, or throwing things through the window	window	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
The magnitude of intensification was poorly forecast and both forecast models and meteorologists suffered from record high prediction errors. On October 23, two Hurricane Hunter missions both revealed the storm to have acquired maximum sustained winds of 205 mph (335 km / h) and a pressure	pressure	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
The rainfall led to record flooding in the area; the flooding washed out several roads near Kununurra, including a portion of the Great Northern Highway. Six people were evacuated due to the flooding. Offshore, the threat of Glenda prompted officials to close oil, representing	representing	VERB	a	DET	 a
King Stephen was captured by Matilda's forces on 2 February 1141, and Matilda called a council at Westminster to gather support for her assuming the throne. Foliot attended the council and was one of her main supporters in the following months as the Angevin cause tried to	to	PART	place	VERB	 place
On their return to Alexandria, the Khedive Muhammad Ali Pasha, offered the two obelisks standing at the entrance of Luxor Temple to France in 1829, but only one was transported to Paris, where it now stands on the Place de la Concorde. Champollion and the	the	DET	Pasha	PROPN	 Pasha
To compensate for the removal of tag team gameplay, several new game modes, such as Hero Battle and Cross Over, were implemented. According to former Capcom USA community manager and fighting game advisor Seth Killian, one of the primary goals for Marvel Super Heroes vs.	vs.	ADP	Street	PROPN	 Street
The Tempo survey suggested that it was effective propaganda, leading viewers to " reject all that smelled of the PKI and communism ". Although it is no longer broadcast on 30 September, the film remains available. A video CD edition was released by Virgo in 2001	2001	NUM	and	CCONJ	 and
The English opener had been uncertain against Johnson's spin and played forward too early at a slower ball, which went between a gap between his bat and pad. Later in the afternoon, Denis Compton and captain Norman Yardley played Johnson cautiously but safely; in particular	particular	ADJ	,	PUNCT	,
The genre is less popular in the new millennium, as well as being hampered by compatibility issues, but retains a niche appeal for fans of " old school " gameplay. " Light gun shooters ", " light gun games " or " gun games " are	are	AUX	games	NOUN	 games
It is notably used by some species of squid, such as the midwater squid, Abralia veranyi. These have light producing organs (photophores) scattered all over their undersides, creating a sparkling glow that prevents the animal from appearing as a dark shape when seen from	from	ADP	below	ADV	 below
On 8 February, Benfica visited the Estádio Municipal da Marinha Grande to play União de Leiria. The final score, 3 – 0 to Benfica, was the biggest in the Camacho era; António Tadeia, writing for Record, complimented the team for the " more	more	ADV	pleasing	ADJ	 pleasing
At least two sons were born to Aldfrith, but whether Cuthburh was their mother is unrecorded. Osred, born around 696 or 697, succeeded to the throne after a civil war following Aldfrith's death. Little is known of Offa, who is presumed to have	have	AUX	been	AUX	 been
Her OCD suffers a severe resurgence under the stress of their visit. A helpless Will apologizes, and joins Emma when she prays. Mercedes (Amber Riley), supported by her boyfriend Shane (LaMarcus Tinker), auditions for the role of Maria and impresses the	the	DET	directors	NOUN	 directors
As with every season, they laid out the third season's storyline a year in advance. The season finale of the second season introduced the parallel universe to viewers. Fringe's producers debated over how much of this universe to depict in the third season, but	but	CCONJ	ultimately	ADV	 ultimately
On 6 April Paul Taylor attempted to shout out the prisoners ' demands to the crowd gathered below, but he was drowned out by police sirens. Taylor and other prisoners responded by unfurling a banner which read " We fight and stand firm on behalf of humanity "	"	PUNCT	.	PUNCT	.
" The city was home to at least one al Qaeda leader before bin Laden. Operational chief Abu Faraj al Libi reportedly moved his family to Abbottabad in mid 2003. Pakistan Inter Services Intelligence (ISI) raided the house in December 2003 but did not find him	him	PRON	.	PUNCT	.
It debuted in the U.S. at number twenty six on the week ending November 21, 2009, and remained on the chart for two weeks. The same week it debuted at number fifteen in Canada, remaining on the chart for two weeks. The song returned to	to	ADP	the	DET	 the
The new west front was given a stonework façade and incorporated the Elizabethan south front. In the grounds, the only certain survivor from the medieval period is the small crenellated drum tower. Its original purpose is unknown. It adjoins a substantial wall that may also have	have	VERB	origins	NOUN	 origins
At 0000 UTC on July 29, according to the JMA, the typhoon attained a minimum barometric pressure of 900 mbar (27 inHg). Later that morning, the JTWC estimated that Bess attained its peak intensity of 260 km / h (160 mph),	,	PUNCT	a	DET	 a
On 17 August 1831, The Rothesay Castle, a wooden hulled paddle steamer on a day trip from Liverpool, sank in very heavy seas. Of more than 140 on board, only 23 people survived. Afterwards, the Trwyn Du Lighthouse and a lifeboat station were	were	AUX	built	VERB	 built
It was issued for the 100th anniversary of the voyage of the ship Restauration, bringing early Norwegian immigrants to the United States. Minnesota Congressman Ole Juulson Kvale, a Norse American, wanted a commemorative for the centennial celebrations of the Restauration journey. Rebuffed by the Treasury	Treasury	PROPN	Department	PROPN	 Department
Humour, also, is important: scholar Molly Mahood identifies at least 175 puns and wordplays in the text. Many of these jokes are sexual in nature, especially those involving Mercutio and the Nurse. Early psychoanalytic critics saw the problem of Romeo and Juliet in terms	terms	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
Kendrick signed a one year deal with the Colorado Rockies on February 4, 2015. He was later named the Rockies ' opening day starter for the 2015 season. On December 31, 2015, Kendrick signed a minor league contract with the Atlanta Braves. In addition	addition	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
Ending C: Events proceed as in Ending B, but when the Casket attacks Manah, she manages to win the fight against it. Legna summons the Holy Dragons and events proceed as in Ending A. After Legna's defeat and the destruction of the Bone Casket,	,	PUNCT	both	CCONJ	 both
He subsequently received a three match ban and £5,000 fine from the Football Association. Gascoigne signed a two year contract with Everton, managed by former Rangers boss Walter Smith, after joining on a free transfer in July 2000. He started the 2000 – 01 season	season	NOUN	well	ADV	 well
Rivers is a composer who has worked on the sketch comedy show Human Giant, which starred Parks star Aziz Ansari. Rivers wrote the songs performed in " Rock Show ", which Pratt said took him only " about fifteen minutes ". Hiscock wrote the lyrics for	for	ADP	"	PUNCT	 "
Not such sad news after all! Mixers HQ x ". Syco solicited the single to radio stations in the United Kingdom on 5 January 2013. A digital EP was then released in Ireland and the United Kingdom on 15 February 2013. The EP features remixed versions	versions	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
A " Jupiter mass " (MJ or MJup) is often used as a unit to describe masses of other objects, particularly extrasolar planets and brown dwarfs. So, for example, the extrasolar planet HD 209458 b has a mass of 0.69 MJ, while Kappa	Kappa	PROPN	Andromedae	PROPN	 Andromedae
Ikata is surrounded on three sides by ocean — the Iyo Sea (part of the Inland Sea) to the north, the Uwa Sea (Pacific Ocean) to the south, and the Hōyo Strait (separating Shikoku from Kyūshū) to the west. The climate	climate	NOUN	in	ADP	 in
Vezhdi Rashidov, the Minister of Culture, himself a sculptor, took the initiative to see through the project of creating the museum for exhibiting the artistic heritage of the communist regime. The Government of Bulgaria fully supported the initiative and provided funds to the extent of 1.5	1.5	NUM	million	NUM	 million
Her mother's ancestry is Austrian Jewish, " Catholic Viennese " and Italian. Weisz's mother was brought up as a Roman Catholic, and, according to Vogue, later converted to Judaism. Weisz has a younger sister, Minnie, who is a photographer and	and	CCONJ	curator	NOUN	 curator
A strong tropical wave approached the Lesser Antilles on September 20. Reconnaissance aircraft reports indicated the system initially lacked a circulation. However, based on a ship report of westerly winds, it is estimated the system developed into a tropical storm late on September 20, while	while	SCONJ	located	VERB	 located
All of her primary and secondary weapons were removed, though her turrets were still mounted. The plane handling equipment was remove along with the torpedo blisters that were added in 1925. Work was completed by 1 April 1932, when she was recommissioned. On 7 April	April	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
It was developed over five years by Daisuke " Pixel " Amaya in his free time. Cave Story features 2D platform mechanics and is reminiscent of the classic games the developer played in his youth, such as Metroid. After its initial self published release, Cave Story	Story	PROPN	slowly	ADV	 slowly
Bart's voice actress, Nancy Cartwright, said it is one of her top three episodes together with " Bart Sells His Soul " and " Bart the Mother ", while writer Al Jean said the episode was his favorite sentimental episode. Dan Castellaneta, the voice	voice	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
The bill allowed rulers who violated the laws to be prosecuted, while the Sedition Act of 1948 was also amended to allow public criticism of the rulers. A special court was created – presided by the Lord President of the Federal Court – to empower and prosecute members	members	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
" Artist Christian Remick hand colored some prints. Some copies of the print show a man with two chest wounds and a somewhat darker face, matching descriptions of Attucks; others show no victim as a person of color. The image was published in the Boston Gazette	Gazette	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
In this role, she went on annual summer cruises to various ports. During the Russo Turkish War of 1877 – 78, she was mobilised due to concerns that the victorious Russians might be about to attack Constantinople, forcing Great Britain to intervene, but nothing transpired	transpired	VERB	and	CCONJ	 and
However, the dowager queen died at the age of 40 on 18 September 1559. John Sigismund's rule began with his mother's death. Rather than adopting a new title, he continued to style himself rex electus (king elect). Mihály Csáky, Christopher	Christopher	PROPN	and	CCONJ	 and
The Crusaders, feeling betrayed by Alexios, who was able to recover a number of important cities and islands, and in fact much of western Asia Minor, continued on their way without Byzantine aid. In 1098, when Antioch had been captured after a long siege	siege	NOUN	and	CCONJ	 and
In his first start, the following week against Washington State, the Vols won 10 – 9. They won all but one of their remaining games, finishing the season 8 – 4 with a 45 – 23 victory over Virginia Tech in the Gator Bowl. Manning	Manning	NOUN	and	CCONJ	 and
On August 22, 2014 Kong was part of a # 1 contender four corner survival match to challenge Ivelisse for the Shine Championship the other participants in the match were Leah Von Dutch, Su Yung, and Nevaeh. Nevaeh would emerge victorious in the # 1 contender	contender	NOUN	match	NOUN	 match
On March 26, Adam Schefter reported that the Eagles expected Kolb to be the starting quarterback for the 2010 season. On April 4, McNabb was traded to the Washington Redskins, making Kolb the starting quarterback. Kolb signed a one year contract extension worth $12.25	12.25	NUM	million	NUM	 million
San Martín also knew that most of the soldiers of the Army of the Andes would not be willing to aid Buenos Aires in the civil war, as most were from other provinces or from Chile. San Martín had doubts as well about the projected arrival of a	a	DET	large	ADJ	 large
He came to view the Ottoman Empire as his chief enemy in the 1470s, and in 1474 he refused to pay tribute. He soon received the ultimatum of Mehmed II who demanded the surrender of Chilia, a fortress recently captured from Wallachia. Upon Stephen III's	's	PART	refusal	NOUN	 refusal
" He envisioned a building akin to Harvard's University Club and the University of Pennsylvania's Houston Club; with a swelling student body size and rapid decentralization of the campus over the course of the first decade of the 1900s, the need for such a structure become	become	VERB	even	ADV	 even
The Story Mode, reveals the game's plot through battles interleaved with conversations between the player character and its enemies. It vary depending on the player's choice and performance in the battles; there is a total of 60 possible endings. The Training Mode allows the	the	DET	player	NOUN	 player
Leigh's family, who had learned of the play, attended a private screening of it; some of them had not seen each other for two years. Leigh's mother Robyn objected to the fictionalisation of her daughter's murder, stating she would have preferred a	a	DET	documentary	NOUN	 documentary
By the time Zhuge Liang arrived, Cao Cao had already sent Sun Quan a letter boasting of commanding 800,000 men and hinting that he wanted Sun to surrender. The faction led by Sun Quan's Chief Clerk, Zhang Zhao, advocated surrender, citing Cao Cao's	's	PART	overwhelming	ADJ	 overwhelming
In 2002, he extended his MLB record with his eighth straight 30 save season. Hoffman was named to the All Star game in 1999, 2000, and 2002. On June 10, 1999, Hoffman struck out the side in the ninth inning in a 2	2	NUM	–	SYM	 –
Facades removed from 19th century buildings on the original Mamilla Street were placed on new construction in the mall. Several historic buildings were integrated into the mall design. These are: Clark House, an 1898 structure built by American evangelists living in Jerusalem. The building stands	stands	VERB	on	ADP	 on
In the 1999 – 00 season Gillingham qualified for the play offs again, where they faced Wigan Athletic in the final at Wembley Stadium. The game finished 1 – 1 after 90 minutes, but, thanks to goals in extra time from substitutes Steve Butler and Andy	Andy	PROPN	Thomson	PROPN	 Thomson
Robin Williams also received an Emmy Award nomination for Guest Actor in a Drama Series. It was the only Emmy nomination Homicide: Life on the Street received in the 46th Primetime Emmy Awards; the series received four nominations the previous year. Williams lost the award to	to	ADP	Richard	PROPN	 Richard
It began on the evening of 20 October 1728 and continued to burn until the morning of 23 October. It destroyed approximately 28% of the city (measured by counting the number of destroyed lots from the cadastre), left 20% of the population homeless,	,	PUNCT	and	CCONJ	 and
Finely grated potassium ignites in air at room temperature. The bulk metal ignites in air if heated. Because its density is 0.89 g / cm3, burning potassium floats in water that exposes it to atmospheric oxygen. Many common fire extinguishing agents, including water, either	either	ADV	are	AUX	 are
The resulting magazine, Poedjangga Baroe, was first published in July 1933. During its publishing run, the magazine took a wider scope and saw greater involvement from politically inclined persons. After the Japanese occupation of the Indies in 1942, the magazine ceased publication. Another	Another	DET	magazine	NOUN	 magazine
Lewis persuaded him to stay on until the new party was formed. Lewis was elected party president at the July 1958 convention in Montreal, which also endorsed a motion for the executive and National Council to " enter into discussions with Canadian Labour Congress " and other like	like	ADP	minded	ADJ	 minded
The models do not assume the climate will warm due to increasing levels of greenhouse gases. Instead the models predict how greenhouse gases will interact with radiative transfer and other physical processes. Warming or cooling is thus a result, not an assumption, of the models.	.	PUNCT	Clouds	PROPN	 Clouds
Yoda says Luke is correct, but that he also would have accepted the end celebration in which an extra allegedly exposes himself. Once the Emperor, portrayed by Carter Pewterschmidt, contacts Darth Vader, he first begins by telling him that he is getting rid of all	all	DET	his	PRON	 his
The Czech Republic were not expected to make an impact against the favoured German side in their opening match; Nedvěd missed two scoring chances and was one of ten players to receive a yellow card as Germany won 2 – 0. He contributed defensively, however, clearing	clearing	VERB	a	DET	 a
They chase Lepus, the hare, although Hyginus says some critics thought this too base a prey for the noble Orion and have him pursuing Taurus, the bull, instead. A Renaissance mythographer adds other names for Orion's dogs: Leucomelaena, Maera, Dromis,	,	PUNCT	Cisseta	PROPN	 Cisseta
" " I'm Eighteen " comes between two straight ahead rockers: " Long Way to Go " and album opener " Caught in a Dream ". Both follow simple hard rock formulas, trading heavy riffing with guitar fills and solos. The album title derives from	from	ADP	lyrics	NOUN	 lyrics
Mexican General Antonio López de Santa Anna discovered, through an intercepted letter from Scott, that Taylor had contributed all but 6,000 of his men to the effort. His remaining force included only a few hundred regular army soldiers, and Santa Anna resolved to take advantage of	of	ADP	the	DET	 the
Around the same time, the count focused on two other projects: the first grew out of his longstanding interest in promoting literature and sciences, and the second, more ambitious aim was to fight for the gradual abolition of slavery. When in 1867 Pedro II openly	openly	ADV	asked	VERB	 asked
Sigmodontinae itself is the largest subfamily of the family Cricetidae, other members of which include voles, lemmings, hamsters, and deermice, all mainly from Eurasia and North America. The holotype is a right maxilla (upper jaw) with the upper first molar (M1	M1	PROPN	)	PUNCT	)
A week later, the Centre faction openly split, with a breakaway group endorsing Hyde. On 5 November, Farina withdrew from the contest, leaving Hyde to be preselected unopposed ahead of the 2001 election. He maintained the seat for Labor at the election, becoming	becoming	VERB	the	DET	 the
" Their acrimonious divorce had the actress accusing Hargitay of kidnapping one of her children to force a more favorable financial settlement. After their divorce, Mansfield discovered she was pregnant. Since being an unwed mother would have killed her career, Mansfield and Hargitay announced they were	were	AUX	still	ADV	 still
There she met with the 10 gun brig sloop, Lyra, despatched earlier to herald the arrival of Britain's ambassador. Having previously arranged to travel back overland from Peking and rendezvous with Alceste at Canton, Amherst was ferried to the mouth of the Hai River on	on	ADP	9	NUM	 9
He explained that although he accepts that " clitoral orgasm plays a pleasurable and central role in female sexuality and its joys, " " [a] ll these favorable attributes, however, emerge just as clearly and just as easily, whether the clitoral site of orgasm	orgasm	NOUN	arose	VERB	 arose
The instrumentation of " Ring the Alarm " includes drums, clattering percussion instrument, treble synthesizers, and bass instrument. It also makes use of a slapping backbeat, an air horn, titanic handclaps, plonks, and breathing noises. A blaring siren is used as	as	ADP	the	DET	 the
Cyclone Annette developed simultaneously with Cyclone Willy in the Australian basin and Cyclone Haja in the south west Indian. On February 3, a tropical low formed northeast of the Cocos Islands. Steered by a ridge to the south, it moved generally southwestward and intensified into Tropical	Tropical	PROPN	Cyclone	PROPN	 Cyclone
Holtzendorff's directive ordered all U boats out of the English Channel and the South Western Approaches and required that all submarine activity in the North Sea be conducted strictly along prize regulations. It would be five months before UB 6 would sink another ship. In mid November	November	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
A state of emergency was declared for 26 North Carolina counties, and both mandatory and voluntary evacuations were imposed along the state's coast. Several hundred government personnel were deployed to assist in evacuation and preparation efforts, along with heavy equipment capable of removing sand and debris	debris	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
The song received positive reviews from most music critics, who commended her raw vocals, the revelatory lyrics that matched with the album's thematic and noted it for being a highlight on the record. It charted in some European territories, peaking inside the top twenty in	in	ADP	Hungary	PROPN	 Hungary
He noted that Weiland sounded " effervescent " now that the singer was drug free, but Dolan still found his lyrics to " weigh him down ". Brad Wheeler, writing for The Globe and Mail, wondered if the eponymous title was an allusion to the Atlantic	Atlantic	PROPN	Records	PROPN	 Records
It is not found in the Andes, in the lowlands west or north of the Andes, in the relatively open regions of northern South America, eastern South America, or in the southern subtropical regions. It has a large range, with an estimated global extent	extent	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
In November 2006, Spears filed for divorce from Federline, citing irreconcilable differences. Their divorce was finalized in July 2007, when the couple reached a global settlement and agreed to share joint custody of their children. Spears's aunt Sandra Bridges Covington, with whom she	she	PRON	had	AUX	 had
When asked if this was intentional, McCartney replied; " Some things are best left a mystery ". In an interview with Pitchfork Media, McCartney clarified, " I must say, someone told me [there is an anagram], and I think it's	's	AUX	a	DET	 a
News of the patrol's fate was quickly relayed from Rhodesia to South Africa, and then on to the rest of the British Empire and the world. In England, a patriotic play overtly influenced by the incident, Cheer, Boys, Cheer!, was written	written	VERB	by	ADP	 by
The Junta of Seville, in particular, claimed authority over the overseas empire, because of the province's historic role as the exclusive entrepôt of the empire. This impasse was resolved through negotiations between the juntas and the Council of Castile, which led to the creation	creation	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
For the reviewer, it " parades before us the depravity to which the human animal will stoop, and explores how agendas can be furthered under the noble cover of altruism ". David Upton, writing for PopMatters, called it " easily the most acerbic and most	most	ADV	overtly	ADV	 overtly
Additionally, there are many references to other progressive rock songs in the lyrics. Hugh Syme provided the artwork for Octavarium. The idea of depicting a giant Newton's cradle was born out of discussions between Syme and Portnoy. The two talked about how " for everything	everything	PRON	you	PRON	 you
In fact, both Dorothy Rodgers and Dorothy Hammerstein had read the novel in 1944 and had urged their husbands to consider it as a possible subject for a musical. Dorothy Hammerstein had known Gertrude Lawrence since 1925, when they had both appeared in André Charlot's London	London	PROPN	Revue	PROPN	 Revue
By this time, Carter had been replaced by veteran session drummer Aaron Smith. Instincts was released in October 1984, debuted at No. 68 on the Billboard 200, and proved to be the band's best selling album. It also launched their most successful single	single	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
Besides being one of the leading merchants in town, his father also served the government as district magistrate of Hilo. Henry's mother, Kinoʻole, had inherited control over much of the lands in Hilo and Ōlaʻa from her own father, and King Kamehameha III had	had	AUX	granted	VERB	 granted
This led to a match on January 4, 2014, at Wrestle Kingdom 8 in Tokyo Dome, where they defeated K.E.S. (Davey Boy Smith Jr. and Lance Archer) to win the IWGP Tag Team Championship. During the same event, Devitt lost the IWGP Junior	Junior	PROPN	Heavyweight	PROPN	 Heavyweight
On March 15, at the 2013 Homenaje a Dos Leyendas show, Volador Jr. and La Sombra defeated Altantis and Último Guerrero to win the Torneo Nacional de Parejas Increibles. The truce between La Sombra and Volador Jr. that allowed them to win the tag team tournament only	only	ADV	lasted	VERB	 lasted
Further work in December 2002 finally allowed a positive reassignment of the June 1999 atoms to 289Fl. In May 2009, the Joint Working Party (JWP) of IUPAC published a report on the discovery of copernicium in which they acknowledged the discovery of the isotope 283Cn.	.	PUNCT	This	PRON	 This
Both oaked and unoaked Sauvignon blanc wines have been marketed under the name Fumé Blanc. California Sauvignon blancs tend to fall into two styles. The New Zealand influenced Sauvignon blanc have more tropical fruit undertones with citrus and passion fruit notes. The Mondavi influenced Fumé Blanc are	are	AUX	more	ADV	 more
Continuous human habitation dates from the end of the last ice age, between 12,000 and 10,000 years before present (BP), when Mesolithic hunter gatherers from central Europe began to migrate to Great Britain. At that time sea levels were much lower than today, and	and	CCONJ	the	DET	 the
Neither team scored again until the fourth quarter, when Baltimore's Bus Mertes ran for a 38 yard touchdown and secured the 21 – 17 win. A number of Cleveland players suffered injuries during the game. Graham hurt his hand, Motley strained his back and end	end	VERB	Dante	PROPN	 Dante
The NHL changed its rules as of the 1995 Draft so that a lottery would be held for the top draft picks. In 1993, the Senators would sign Daigle to a $12.25 million contract, the largest rookie salary in League history, which would lead to	to	ADP	a	DET	 a
The tour received general critical acclaim, with critics praising Gaga's singing abilities, the theatricality of the show, and her sense of style and fashion. The Monster Ball was a commercial success, with sold out shows and demand for tickets prompting organizers to add more	more	ADJ	dates	NOUN	 dates
On 17 February 2014, Bohol First District Representative Rene Relampagos filed a bill at the Philippine House of Representatives that seeks to declare or re declare and to recognize a number of national symbols. The proposed bill, House Bill 3926 or the " Philippine National Symbols Act	Act	PROPN	of	ADP	 of
The Depression meant that large commissions became few and far between. For the rest of her career, Coffin had to make do with smaller and less well compensated commissions for suburban gardens. She took up writing and produced two books, Trees and Shrubs for Landscape Effects	Effects	PROPN	(	PUNCT	 (
The Tamil and Telugu versions together earned around ₹ 50 million (US $740,000) nett. In overseas markets, Ra. One earned the highest three day and five day opening weekends among the Bollywood releases of 2011; by its second weekend, the film had	had	AUX	become	VERB	 become
Edwards clinched his seventh pole position during his career, with a time of 26.395, which made a new track record. He was joined on the front row of the grid by Allmendinger. Kurt Busch qualified third, Biffle took fourth, and Jamie McMurray started fifth	fifth	ADV	.	PUNCT	.
As with the Eastern Air Lines Flight 401 crash of a similarly sized Lockheed L 1011 in 1972, the relatively shallow angle of descent likely played a large part in the relatively high survival rate. The National Transportation Safety Board concluded that under the circumstances, " a	a	DET	safe	ADJ	 safe
The recent upgrades by the Council have helped improve the image of the town and raise its profile. It is hoped this will attract new investment in tourism and business by the private sector, and lead to the regeneration of the town's economy. In 2006,	,	PUNCT	Canterbury	PROPN	 Canterbury
On this date, the LER and the other Underground companies were liquidated. For a history of the line after 1933 see Piccadilly line The original GNP & BR route was extended at both ends in the early 1930s. In the north, a new route was constructed	constructed	VERB	to	ADP	 to
Germany annexed Eupen Malmedy, a German speaking region given to Belgium under the Treaty of Versailles of 1919. The Military Government was placed under the control of General Alexander von Falkenhausen, an aristocrat and career soldier. Under von Falkenhausen's command, the German administration had	had	VERB	two	NUM	 two
Before the discovery of the first Sphecomyrma fossils, there were no fossil records of any ants from Cretaceous amber and the oldest social insects at the time extended back to the Eocene epoch; the earliest known ant at the time was described from a forewing found in the	the	DET	Claiborne	PROPN	 Claiborne
Each volume also contains information on the series ' universe; detailed spaceship and planet descriptions; and character profiles. A Chinese version of the manga was published in Hong Kong by Sharp Point Press. The series has also been published in German and Italian by Planet Manga	Manga	PROPN	.	PUNCT	.
Intraventricular hemorrhage occurs when there is bleeding in the ventricles. Symptoms are dependent on the type of TBI (diffuse or focal) and the part of the brain that is affected. Unconsciousness tends to last longer for people with injuries on the left side of the brain	brain	NOUN	than	ADP	 than
The first modern professional performance was at the Halle Opera House in June 1954, under Horst Tanu Margraf, as part of the Handel Festival. On 17 May 1961 the Handel Opera Society, directed by Charles Farncombe, staged the work at London's Sadler's Wells	Wells	PROPN	Theatre	PROPN	 Theatre
In September 1938, Krueger went to Fort George G. Meade, Maryland, as commander of the 16th Infantry Brigade. He was promoted to temporary major general in February 1939, when he became commander of the 2nd Infantry Division at Fort Sam Houston, Texas. The	The	DET	2nd	PROPN	 2nd
However, the Bears attempted to rally, with Cutler throwing three consecutive passes to Jeffery, the final throw going 58 yards to the Saints ' 2 yard line, where Brandon Marshall scored. Matt Forté's two point conversion allowed the Bears to narrow the gap to	to	ADP	eight	NUM	 eight
Every male adult was obligated to fight when needed, and they participated in regular military training. The Captain of the Isle of Wight, Sir Richard Worsley of Appuldurcombe House, is considered to have been a “ capable and energetic commander ”. He was assisted by	by	ADP	Sir	PROPN	 Sir
Paul Dashiell converted. Riggs repeated his performance but Dashiell missed conversion. Navy then adopted the Hopkins rushing tactics and Stone went over for the first score ". " With Hopkins backed up against her own goal line, Dashiell broke through the entire Navy team for a	a	DET	touchdown	NOUN	 touchdown
In the US, " Wanna Be Startin ' Somethin ' 2008 " peaked at number 81 on the Billboard ' Hot 100, giving the song its lowest charting position. The song also charted on the Pop charts at number 48, as well as number 47 on	on	ADP	the	DET	 the
The libertines ' downfall began with the February 1555 elections. By then, many of the French refugees had been granted citizenship and with their support, Calvin's partisans elected the majority of the syndics and the councillors. On 16 May the libertines took to the streets	streets	NOUN	in	ADP	 in
The episode included a guest appearance by Idris Elba, who played new Dunder Mifflin vice president Charles Miner. " Two Weeks " received generally positive reviews and, according to Nielsen ratings, was watched by 8.7 million overall viewers and was the top rated show on NBC	NBC	PROPN	the	DET	 the
Of about 416,000 who served, about 60,000 were killed and another 152,000 were wounded. Many Australians regard the defeat of the Australian and New Zealand Army Corps (ANZACs) at Gallipoli as the birth of the nation — its first major military action. The Kokoda Track	Track	PROPN	campaign	NOUN	 campaign
Beginning with the German Hans Staden's claims to have encountered socially sanctioned cannibalism among the Tupinambá people of South America in the 1550s, Arens illustrates a number of logical contradictions in Staden's account, and highlights the dubious nature of the text. The anthropologist then moved	moved	VERB	on	ADP	 on
The song received a nomination in the category for Best Rap / Sung Collaboration at the 48th Annual Grammy Awards and won a Best R & B / Soul Single by a Group, Band or Duo award at the 2005 Soul Train Music Awards. A commercial success,	,	PUNCT	"	PUNCT	 "
In November 1977, Paul Walker took over the book column from Spider Robinson, and Jerry Pournelle left the science column at the end of 1978. The artwork quality dropped to an amateurish level, and despite the appearance of a few successful stories and novels, such	such	ADJ	as	ADP	 as
The function of white matter cells is to carry signals between grey matter areas, where the processing is done, and the rest of the body. The peripheral nervous system is rarely involved. To be specific, MS involves the loss of oligodendrocytes, the cells responsible	responsible	ADJ	for	ADP	 for
At this point, NY 380 turned westward and crossed over the outlet on its way to a more isolated area of the town. It intersected CR 37 before curving back to the north and passing through the town of Portland on its way into the village of Brocton	Brocton	PROPN	.	PUNCT	.
The game is divided into twelve levels, and each of them has its own unique features, items, monsters, and secrets. These levels include towns, valleys, deserts, islands, and castles. Players use the D pad to move Wonder Boy on the	the	DET	main	ADJ	 main
This hyphal arrangement is called an ixocutis, in which the hyphal walls swell up and gelatinize, giving a translucence to the layer that stands out in contrast to the underlying flesh. The layer of gelatizined hyphae is tenacious, and may be peeled off the cap as	as	ADP	a	DET	 a
Duvall also believed that Universal's lack of familiarity and comfort with southern culture and the country music genre further reduced their faith in the film. When country star Willie Nelson offered to help publicize it, a studio executive told Duvall she did not understand how the singer	singer	NOUN	could	AUX	 could
The board also pointed out that the Canadian design of the firebox may have prevented further injuries and perhaps deaths. Jerry Jacobson, the owner of the Ohio Central Railroad, (OCR) bought the engine at an auction in 1998. After Jacobson sold the OCR,	,	PUNCT	in	ADP	 in
An eyewitness recorded that He had discharged his pistols very frequently at the enemy, who as often attempted to board, and he had killed a French officer on his own quarterdeck. He was in the act of reloading his pistols... when he received two musket balls	balls	NOUN	in	ADP	 in
Tom Kessenich, in his book Examination: An Unauthorized Look at Seasons 6 – 9 of the X Files, named the episode one of the " Top 25 Episode of All Time " of The X Files, ranking it at number 19. He called the episode	episode	NOUN	"	PUNCT	 "
He played irregularly through the 1902 season. Due in part to finger injuries suffered while catching, Chance played in no more than 75 games in a season through 1902. In 1903, Johnny Kling became the Cubs ' full time catcher. As Bill Hanlon, the	the	DET	Cubs	PROPN	 Cubs
When Conan recovers his father's sword, it is after he has broken it in the hands of Doom's lieutenant during their duel. According to Grindley, that moment — Conan's breaking of his father's sword — " [fulfills] a snickering spectrum of	of	ADP	Oedipal	ADJ	 Oedipal
Nearing the end of her career, which ranged from Noël Coward comedies to Shakespearean tragedies, she observed, " It's much easier to make people cry than to make them laugh. " Her early performances brought her immediate success in Britain, but she remained largely	largely	ADV	unknown	ADJ	 unknown
One such chief of seers, Anhurmose, who died in the reign of Merneptah (c. 1213 – c. 1203 BCE), broke with the tradition of his New Kingdom predecessors, who were buried at Abydos, and was laid to rest at Thinis itself. The	The	DET	lion	NOUN	 lion
Towards the end of his life, Newton took up residence at Cranbury Park, near Winchester with his niece and her husband, until his death in 1727. His half niece, Catherine Barton Conduitt, served as his hostess in social affairs at his house on Jermyn	Jermyn	PROPN	Street	PROPN	 Street
The player can also save their progress on the overworld. Weapons, armor, items, and magic spells can be purchased at shops, and townspeople provide useful information for the player's progression through the game. One new feature is the " Word Memory " system	system	NOUN	:	PUNCT	:
It was the only time the two played professionally together. He also set a career high in points with 29 and was again named a First Team NHL All Star. Over the next five seasons Quackenbush hovered around the 20 point mark and was never assessed more than	than	ADP	8	NUM	 8
" The New York Mets hired Henderson as a special instructor in 2006, primarily to work with hitters and to teach base stealing. Henderson's impact was noticeable on José Reyes, the Mets ' former leadoff hitter. " I always want to be around the game	game	NOUN	"	PUNCT	 "
At the beginning of the Eastern Han, the land tax rate was one tenth of the crop yield, but following the stabilization following Wang Mang's death, the rate was reduced to the original one thirtieth in 30 AD. Towards the end of the Han dynasty	dynasty	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
They called themselves The Kingsmen, taking the name from a recently disbanded group. The Kingsmen began their collective career playing at fashion shows, Red Cross events, and supermaket promotions, generally avoiding rock songs on their setlist. Ely played with the Kingsmen as he attended	attended	VERB	Portland	PROPN	 Portland
It was released to digital retailers on September 30, 2013, by Capitol Records, as the record's second promotional single, following the release of " Dark Horse ". The song was part of a poll promoted by Pepsi, along with " Dark Horse "	"	PUNCT	,	PUNCT	,
We want our guys to be real New Yorkers. " The season features the motorcycle gang Dogs of Hell, who were first introduced through their Nevada chapter in the Agents of S.H.I.E.L.D. episode " Yes Men ", and Roxxon Energy Corporation, a company featured throughout the	the	DET	MCU	PROPN	 MCU
Verses not included by codex as Matthew 12: 47; Mark 15: 28; Luke 22: 43 – 44; 23: 17.34; John 5: 3.4; 7: 53 – 8: 11; 1 Peter 5: 3; 1 John 5:	:	SYM	7	NUM	 7
Cartwright described Butler as " absolutely amazing, always encouraging, always polite ". Cartwright returned to Ohio University for her sophomore year, but transferred to the University of California, Los Angeles (UCLA) so she could be closer to Hollywood and Butler. Her mother	mother	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
Stricken with a high grade fever, pharyngitis and tonsillitis, he was admitted to a local hospital where he briefly stayed followed by several days of recuperation at home. During this time, Starr was temporarily replaced for five concert dates by 24 year old session drummer Jimmie	Jimmie	PROPN	Nicol	PROPN	 Nicol
He served as a regimental commander in the campaign to unseat Yuan Shikai in 1915 16. When Cai became governor of Sichuan after Yuan's death in June 1916, Zhu was made a brigade commander. Following the death of his mentor Cai E (November 1916)	)	PUNCT	and	CCONJ	 and
The novel then returns to when Bluestar was still a kit, Bluekit. Bluekit is apprenticed to Stonepelt as Bluepaw, and proves to be an excellent hunter, catching a squirrel " almost as big as her " on her first day of hunting. The next day	day	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
On top of each column is a complicated set of brackets containing seven different bracket types that are one third as high as the column itself. Supporting the roof of the hall, each of the bracket sets are connected by crescent shaped crossbeams, which create an inner	inner	ADJ	ring	NOUN	 ring
" In reaction to the opening musical number about Terri Schiavo, Schiavo's brother, Bobby Schindler, Jr., said, " My family was astonished at the cruelty and bigotry towards our beloved sister, and all disabled people that we witnessed in this show. My	My	PRON	first	ADJ	 first
Once inside the modern doors, the nonfunctional original doors can be seen, standing wide open, to be admired; each door weighs several hundred pounds. Past the doors, in the building's main lobby, is the large, marble staircase to the second floor	floor	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
When Grant assumed the U.S. presidency in 1869, Sherman succeeded him as Commanding General of the Army, in which capacity he served from 1869 until 1883. As such, he was responsible for the U.S. Army's engagement in the Indian Wars over the next 15 years	years	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
The United States and Czechoslovakia won the silver and bronze medals respectively. Following the 1921 Olympic Congress in Lausanne, the first Winter Olympics were held in 1924 in Chamonix, France, though they were only officially recognized by the International Olympic Committee (IOC) as such	such	ADJ	in	ADP	 in
Shots of an audience lead to Roberts walking to a microphone positioned on a stage before she starts lip synching, wearing a 1970s style outfit. After knocking over the microphone stand, Roberts performs a routine with three female back up dancers in front of multiple speakers.	.	PUNCT	During	ADP	 During
" US Navy captain David Porter declared, " after once tasting the Galapagos tortoises, every other animal food fell off greatly in our estimation... The meat of this animal is the easiest of digestion, and a quantity of it, exceeding that of any other food	food	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
The main economic sector in Tubas is agriculture. There is a total of 150,000 dunams of arable land, of which 124,450 dunams are covered by forests and 10,604 dunams cultivated. Although the land is fertile, there is a lack of water for irrigation. The only	only	ADJ	spring	NOUN	 spring
Female macaroni penguins can begin breeding at around five years of age, while the males do not normally breed until at least six years old. Females breed at a younger age because the male population is larger. The surplus of male penguins allows the female penguins to	to	PART	select	VERB	 select
In the short term this led to a 39% reduction in the number of prisons in England, including some famous castle prisons such as Norwich; over the coming years, centralisation and changes in prison design led to the closure of most remaining castle prisons. Many	Many	ADJ	castles	NOUN	 castles
I just don't care about money. " Gaga prepared three versions of her show to cater to different sizes of the venues she played. In an interview with Billboard she said, " I am so mental and sleepless and excited for this tour, [...	...	X	]	PUNCT	]
This phase is associated with a fall in progestogen levels, mucosal proliferation and keratinization. This subgroup often experiences remission during pregnancy. However, other studies report no correlation between aphthous stomatitis and menstrual period, pregnancy or menopause. Aphthous stomatitis is uncommon in people who smoke	smoke	VERB	,	PUNCT	,
So she gets over it very quickly! " During the trial Jim suggests that Riley killed Lynsey and that Doctor Browning is innocent. Doctor Browning appears at the trial to give evidence, which Metcalfe revealed is " a total surprise. I don't think she knows	knows	VERB	how	SCONJ	 how
It has also been suggested to be a Latin form of the French word bonasse, meaning simple minded or good natured. More fossils were later found by Theodore Sauzier, who had been commissioned to explore the " historical souvenirs " of Mauritius in 1889. Around the	the	DET	end	NOUN	 end
Mustaine revealed the album's North American release date as November 1, 2011. Mustaine previously said the label was " looking at November 1st. I don't know if it's supposed to be the 1st or the 31st for the release date, cuz [sic	sic	X	]	X	]
Distraught, Laurie grips Steve tightly and tells him not to leave her. He assures her that he has decided not to leave Modesto after all. The next morning Curt is awakened by the sound of a phone ringing in a telephone booth, which turns out to	to	PART	be	AUX	 be
He associated music with images and vestments, all of which he felt diverted people's attention from true spiritual worship. It is not known what he thought of the musical practices in early Lutheran churches. Zwingli, however, eliminated instrumental music from worship in the church	church	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
" For Christmas the same year, Bach performed his Magnificat with four inserted laudes, songs of praise related to Christmas, partly in German, partly in Latin. In a vespers service on 25 December 1723, he performed the cantata Christen, ätzet diesen Tag,	,	PUNCT	BWV	PROPN	 BWV
Matar denied charges against him. His second session before court was on 21 June, but he was not brought to court. Against the wishes of his lawyer, the judge refused to adjourn Matar's trial saying it was a minor case that did not warrant his	his	PRON	attendance	NOUN	 attendance
There are definitely two identical planets. " In the UK, Doppelgänger has been aired on TV under the title Journey to the Far Side of the Sun and has been formatted accordingly. Broadcasts have often contained inverted picture due to a mistake made in transferring the original	original	ADJ	print	NOUN	 print
Produced by The Cataracs, the song was released on November 16, 2010, through Universal Republic as the lead single for Dev's debut studio album, The Night the Sun Came Up (2011). Initially, the song was made for The Cataracs with Dev	Dev	PROPN	as	ADP	 as
They previously played at Boothferry Park and moved to their current home in 2002. Boothferry Park has been demolished and has been replaced by a housing development. They traditionally play in black and amber, often with a striped shirt design, hence their nickname The Tigers.	.	PUNCT	The	DET	 The
When speaking on Candido's injury, Keller stated it was " absolutely brutal looking " and felt it was an " obvious full snapping of his ankle bone ". 411Mania's Ronnie LaFianza rated Lockdown an overall 8 out of 10. The main event was given 4	4	NUM	and	CCONJ	 and
Although there is significant support from the public, private and community led sectors, concerns about the effect of the technologies on the natural environment have been expressed. There is also an emerging political debate about the relationship between the siting, and the ownership and control of	of	ADP	these	DET	 these
She is best known for her time with World Wrestling Entertainment (WWE), and Ring of Honor (ROH) as the valet of her real life husband Michael Bennett. Kanellis's career began as a contestant on the reality show Outback Jack in 2004. In	In	ADP	the	DET	 the
The topic of non convex sets in economics has been studied by many Nobel laureates: Arrow (1972), Robert Aumann (2005), Gérard Debreu (1983), Tjalling Koopmans (1975), Paul Krugman (2008), and Paul Samuelson (1970	1970	NUM	)	PUNCT	)
Belyayev was one of a growing coterie of Russian nouveau riche industrialists who became patrons of the arts in mid- to late 19th century Russia; their number included railway magnate Savva Mamontov and textile manufacturer Pavel Tretyakov. Belyayev, Mamontov and Tretyakov " wanted to contribute conspicuously to	to	ADP	public	ADJ	 public
Takemitsu expressed this change in attitude: But now my attitude is getting to be a little different, I think. Now my concern is mostly to find out what there is in common... Autumn was written after November Steps. I really wanted to do something which	which	PRON	I	PRON	 I
He praised single " Say I ", saying it " shimmies to a feisty ghetto strut and Shaft sized orchestrals ", as well as " Twisted ", " Hot Boy " and " Just A Little Bit ". He described So Amazin ' as " almost	almost	ADV	the	DET	 the
While the oil and gas was from reservation land, Merrion paid severance taxes to the state of New Mexico under the provisions of 25 U.S.C. § 398c, where Congress had authorized such taxation in 1927. The leases provided for royalties to be paid to the tribe,	,	PUNCT	but	CCONJ	 but
Other devices for camouflage, such as a fake gavial head to decrease chances of being detected in water, are also available. The basic close combat from previous installments has been heavily refined and expanded into the CQC system. When unarmed or using a one handed weapon	weapon	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
The second section is analytic: Fenwick analyzes the methods used by the est trainers, evaluates the course's potential effects, and discusses Erhard's background. Fenwick concludes that the program's long term effects are unknown, the est training may not be appropriate for certain	certain	ADJ	groups	NOUN	 groups
Aside from 13 individual long course world records, Thorpe anchored the Australian relay teams, numbering the victories in the 4 × 100 m and the 4 × 200 m freestyle relays in Sydney, among his five relay world records. His wins in the 200 m and	and	CCONJ	400	NUM	 400
Owens wore makeup and prosthetics that took several hours to apply. The episode begins in the guise of a comic book; FBI special agent Fox Mulder (David Duchovny) receives a letter from Shaineh Berkowitz (Pattie Tierce), a single mother who claims to have	have	AUX	been	AUX	 been
In 1984, control of the road was relinquished by the state to Stevens County and it was renamed Northport – Boundary Road. State Route 251 (SR 251), now known as the Northport – Boundary Road or Boundary Highway, began in Northport at an at	at	ADP	grade	NOUN	 grade
Local authorities closed airports, set up shelters, and readied emergency service personnel. Authorities in Martinique canceled a memorial to the victims of West Caribbean Airways Flight 708 and began to set up shelters. In Dominica, tourists were evacuated to concrete shelters and the vast majority	majority	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
His relics were translated from Dommoc to Soham Abbey and then to the abbey at Ramsey. After his death, Felix was venerated as a saint: several English churches are dedicated to him. Felix's feast date is 8 March. Felix came from the Frankish kingdom	kingdom	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
By linking his created world with the dawn of history, and his twentieth century characters with myths and archetypes, he has anchored them to themes of universal significance. " Asturias himself affirms that he " wrote El Señor Presidente without a social commitment ". By this	this	PRON	he	PRON	 he
It was designed to push the Army of Republika Srpska (VRS) away from the city towards Popovo field and secure a supply route via Rijeka Dubrovačka, which was gained in early June as the Siege of Dubrovnik by the Yugoslav People's Army (JNA) was	was	AUX	lifted	VERB	 lifted
Later investigation uncovered damage to wildlife habitat in the Wisconsin River. Included in the original lawsuit were six individual WisDOT employees, the primary contractor and a local pet supply company. The court of appeals partially upheld a ruling by the district court dismissing the employees and the	the	DET	contractor	NOUN	 contractor
The ship could originally have been said to be of Arabian or Indian origin, as there is little to differentiate between ships of the area during that period, in regard to construction techniques — though its frame uses a species of tree that is only found in a	a	DET	small	ADJ	 small
The first death among the crew occurred on the night of 24 November when a seaman fell overboard from the topsail yard and could not be rescued. A week later a second seaman, Yorgan Younginson, drowned after being washed overboard in heavy seas. By mid December	December	PROPN	the	DET	 the
This was designed to make Bob appear simplistic, so that when he finally spoke, viewers would be surprised to hear his sophisticated vocabulary. An early version of the script for " Krusty Gets Busted " called for James Earl Jones to voice Bob, but the producers	producers	NOUN	instead	ADV	 instead
The three storey keep stands on a low mound of clay, similar to that making up the base of the rest of the castle, and is 45 foot (14 m) high, 76 feet (23 m) by 74 feet (23 m) across	across	ADV	,	PUNCT	,
One day in January, 1942, his squadron formed part of an escort to bomber aircraft operating over El Agheila. Enemy aircraft were encountered and, in the ensuing engagement, Flying Officer Barr attacked 2 Italian fighters, one of which he shot down. He then	then	ADV	observed	VERB	 observed
He told CIA interrogators that bin Laden's courier was a man named Maulawi Abd al Khaliq Jan and denied knowing al Kuwaiti. Because both Mohammed and al Libbi had minimized al Kuwaiti's importance, officials speculated that he was part of bin Laden's inner circle.	.	PUNCT	In	ADP	 In
In the summer of 2011 Starosta returned to Poland and signed a one year deal for II liga side Miedź Legnica with the option of extending the deal for another two seasons. After a slow start he broke into the first team in August, appearing as a second	second	ADJ	half	NOUN	 half
Most of the filming for Halloween III took place on location in the small coastal town of Loleta in Humboldt County, California. Familiar Foods, a milk bottling plant in Loleta, served as the Silver Shamrock Novelties factory, but all special effects involving fire, smoke	smoke	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
However, the Hokies easily won the game, 70 – 60. Garland scored his first points as a Hokie on November 26, vs Oklahoma State, putting up 6 in spite of very limited playing time. He was allowed to play more than 20 minutes for	for	ADP	the	DET	 the
That is quite a turnaround from the 13,000 km2 (5,000 sq mi) net loss of forest each year in the 1990s. The main reason is China's huge reforestation effort. This accelerated after the 1998 Yangtze River floods convinced the government that it must restore tree	tree	NOUN	cover	NOUN	 cover
Two days later, a European leg, with nine dates in the United Kingdom, was announced, marking Cyrus ' first concerts to visit another continent. On June 16, 2009, two more dates were annexed, and one final date was annexed in October 2009	2009	NUM	,	PUNCT	,
Although he served William the Conqueror, he does not attest a single genuine charter or writ of William's, which implies he was not a leading servant. When King William died and his lands were split between his elder son Robert Curthose, who received Normandy,	,	PUNCT	and	CCONJ	 and
In early 288, Maximian appointed his praetorian prefect Constantius Chlorus, husband of Maximian's daughter Theodora, to lead a campaign against Carausius ' Frankish allies. These Franks controlled the Rhine estuaries, thwarting sea attacks against Carausius. Constantius moved north through their territory, wreaking	wreaking	VERB	havoc	NOUN	 havoc
" Robert Shearman and Lars Pearson, in their book Wanting to Believe: A Critical Guide to The X Files, Millennium & The Lone Gunmen, rated it two stars out of five. The two noted that, had the episode used real magic tricks instead of	of	ADP	"	PUNCT	 "
The first four seasons were produced traditionally, though the series was forced to switch to digital ink and paint in 2004, starting with Ed, Edd n Eddy's Jingle Jingle Jangle. To give the impression of movement, Ed, Edd n Eddy used " boiling	boiling	NOUN	lines	NOUN	 lines
As of 2010, the Israeli government believed Hezbollah had an arsenal of more than 15,000 long range rockets stationed on its border with Lebanon. Some of these missiles were said to be capable of penetrating cities as far away as Eilat. The IDF has accused Hezbollah of	of	ADP	storing	VERB	 storing
The star's apparent magnitude is 13.4, meaning that it can not be seen with the unaided eye. Kepler 5b is a Hot Jupiter with a mass that is 2.114 times that of Jupiter and a radius of 1.431 times Jupiter's radius. This also means that	that	SCONJ	Kepler	PROPN	 Kepler
This low developed into a small extratropical cyclone when it linked up with a frontal boundary southeast of Japan on September 24. A persistent surface circulation developed on September 28 east of Ponape. On October 1, the convection began to organize as the upper level environment improved	improved	VERB	and	CCONJ	 and
Gertrude collapses and, claiming she has been poisoned, dies. In his dying moments, Laertes reconciles with Hamlet and reveals Claudius's plan. Hamlet rushes at Claudius and kills him. As the poison takes effect, Hamlet, hearing that Fortinbras is marching through the	the	DET	area	NOUN	 area
The concepts and characters from Against the Giants have made appearances in other media. It was made into a novel of the same name by Ru Emerson for the Greyhawk Classics series. In May 2006, Wizards of the Coast's website released new versions of the maps	maps	NOUN	for	ADP	 for
He is noted for his physical strength, ability in the air, and his ability to retain possession of the ball. Richard Beech of the Daily Mirror says that his " powerful and intrusive approach made him the lone striker [José] Mourinho grew to admire,	,	PUNCT	and	CCONJ	 and
Minear goes on to explain with Smith that immediately following Connor's return from hell, Angel had started " converting the boy to his side, " showing him that he's no longer a bad guy. Just when Connor is bonding with Angel, Holtz kills himself	himself	PRON	upon	SCONJ	 upon
Hoover tells the tale of how he quit being a public defender after he realized many of his clients were insane. He also boasts of how his legal advice was sought during the O.J. Simpson murder case. Chip Diller – Landis receives a letter from Diller, who	who	PRON	is	AUX	 is
In January 1809, John Tremayne Rodd — captain of the frigate HMS Indefatigable, then part of the Inshore Squadron — obtained information that Niémen was preparing to sail from Brest. Rodd passed this information to the Admiralty, who took immediate steps to intercept the French ship	ship	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
A second attempt by Crusaders in 1129 advanced to within 10 kilometres (6.2 mi) of the city before they had to retreat. Zengi, the atabeg of Aleppo and Mosul, attacked Damascus in 1135 and again in 1140. Zengi's second attack was thwarted because	because	SCONJ	Damascus	PROPN	 Damascus
(1849 – 1870), all U.S. Navy officers that died while serving. As built, Wainwright was 315 feet 3 inches (96.09 m) in length and 29 feet 9 inches (9.07 m) abeam and drew 9 feet 4 inches (2.84 m)	)	PUNCT	.	PUNCT	.
In the fields which they had crossed and before the rampart, they left more than 3,000 dead; among these were twenty two captains, including both Winkelried and Albert von Stein. Of the French nobles who had accompanied the Swiss assault, only Montmorency survived. Lescun	Lescun	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
By July 22 the units were on the front lines with new equipment. The equipment, fresh from production lines, was not prepared for combat, despite promises from several commanders that the unit would be given time to do so. American planners believed that the Hadong	Hadong	PROPN	area	NOUN	 area
In early June, Hall played particularly well in defence for the reserves against the Murray Kangaroos, and was subsequently in consideration to play for Essendon's senior team. Essendon had been plagued by injury throughout 2002 and this, coupled with Hall's good form in the	the	DET	VFL	PROPN	 VFL
Macedonia (as a current geographical term) refers to a region of the Balkan peninsula in south eastern Europe, covering some 60,000 or 70,000 square kilometers. Although the region's borders are not officially defined by any international organization or state, in some contexts, the	the	DET	territory	NOUN	 territory
Although generalizations of the relations to S16 are often true, they sometimes fail; for example, <formula> Thus there can be no fibration <formula> the first non trivial case of the Hopf invariant one problem, because such a fibration would imply that the	the	DET	failed	VERB	 failed
The US 27th Infantry Regiment tried to rescue the trapped British troops, but Brodie stopped the rescue in order to prevent more unnecessary losses. When the British 29th Infantry Brigade left Seoul at 08: 00 on January 4, the US 27th Infantry Regiment became the last	last	ADJ	UN	PROPN	 UN
In early October 2007, a Radiohead spokesperson reported that most downloaders paid " a normal retail price " for the download version, and that most fans had pre ordered the " discbox " edition. Citing a source close to the band, Gigwise.com reported that the album	album	NOUN	had	AUX	 had
Since the cats have very strong claws, they are very good climbers, and can even climb rocks. Norwegian Forest cats have a quiet voice but can develop a loud voice if kept in a house with a dog. They are friendly, intelligent, and generally	generally	ADV	good	ADJ	 good
' I'd several drinks to get me courage up and when I got onstage I went arrgggGhhhh on the drums, broke the bass drum pedal and two skins, and got off. I figured that was it. I was scared to death. Afterwards I was	was	AUX	sitting	VERB	 sitting
During 2000 to 2002 the Queen's Gallery at Buckingham Palace was renovated in the neo classical style under the direction of John Simpson, envisioned as " building visible history ". For the walls in the two storied entrance hall, Stoddart made architectural friezes which interpret Homeric	Homeric	PROPN	themes	NOUN	 themes
Music journalist Jim DeRogatis observed " a little less Motown gloss " than The Way I See It and " a little more rock grit in Saadiq ’ s grooves, heavy on the Sly Stone (witness the opening ' Heart Attack '), late ' 50s /	/	SYM	early	ADJ	 early
The railroad gradually extended to Faribault, Owatonna, and Austin. It crossed the Iowa border and met up with the McGregor & Western line. This connection gave Minneapolis rail service to Milwaukee via Prairie du Chien, Wisconsin, with through service beginning on October 14,	,	PUNCT	1867	NUM	 1867
Most of the non Malaysian citizens are from the southern Philippines. The Chinese, like other places in Sabah, are mostly Cantonese and Hakka who arrived during the British period and had their original settlements before in the town which is now known as the Chinese Farm River	River	PROPN	Village	PROPN	 Village
The highest precipitation total related to hurricane in the United States was 16.43 in (417 mm) in Perrine, or about halfway between Miami and Homestead. Of the total, 15.10 in (384 mm) fell in 24 hours. During its passage, the eye	eye	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
TCDD is a colorless solid with no distinguishable odor at room temperature. It is usually formed as a side product in organic synthesis and burning of organic materials. TCDD is the most potent compound (congener) of its series (polychlorinated dibenzodioxins, known as PCDDs or	or	CCONJ	simply	ADV	 simply
Near the end of World War II the Japanese fire balloon was designed as a cheap weapon intended to make use of the jet stream over the Pacific Ocean to reach the west coast of Canada and the United States. They were relatively ineffective as weapons, but they	they	PRON	were	AUX	 were
Although the mainstem San Juan Creek does not have any major water diversions or dams, its tributaries are heavily affected, most notably Trabuco and Oso Creeks. San Juan Creek begins high in the Santa Ana Mountains southwest of Lake Elsinore, at the head of the steep	steep	ADJ	and	CCONJ	 and
However, the Virginia Tech line held Scott to 11 yards on 10 carries, although he did manage five receptions for 57 yards. Against 17th ranked North Carolina, Scott recorded 129 rushing yards and a three yard touchdown run. Maryland entered its penultimate regular season game	game	NOUN	against	ADP	 against
There was also a network of canals supplying the Moorends Works. The industry suffered a downturn between the two world wars, as working horses were replaced by lorries and peat demand dropped, but after the Second World War peat was used by the horticultural industry in increasing	increasing	VERB	volumes	NOUN	 volumes
The ceasefire was later extended by a further 90 days. The UN Security Council embargoed Liberian diamonds in Resolution 1343 in March 2001. Shortly afterwards, the RUF began large scale disarmament and agreed to a simultaneous disarmament with the Civil Defence Force, a militia group loyal	loyal	ADJ	to	ADP	 to
The disease may be complicated by raised intracranial pressure, which may warrant surgical intervention such as the placement of a shunt. Nine in ten people with sinus thrombosis have a headache; this tends to worsen over the period of several days, but may also develop suddenly	suddenly	ADV	(	PUNCT	 (
But if you know anything about the Army, or about operations or life in Iraq, you'll be so distracted by the nonsensical sequences and plot twists that it will ruin the movie for you. It certainly did for me. " Friedman criticized the inaccuracy of	of	ADP	the	DET	 the
The Prince Regent was impressed by Leopold, and told his daughter that Leopold " had every qualification to make a woman happy ". Charlotte was sent back to Cranbourne on 2 March, leaving Leopold with the Prince Regent. On 14 March, an announcement was made	made	VERB	in	ADP	 in
With the end of operations in Kursk, the Soviets began a series of offensives on various fronts to push the Germans out of the occupied Soviet republics. In October 1943, Bagramyan's 11th Guards Army was transferred to the Second Baltic Front which was concentrated on the	the	DET	retaking	NOUN	 retaking
In this story, the Angel Jibril (also known as Gabriel) descended from Heaven and awakened Ishmael with a " wind spout " that whirled toward him. The Angel then commanded the thundercloud to stop scattering dust and rain, and so it gathered itself into a	a	DET	prancing	NOUN	 prancing
The former chairman of the Supreme Soviet, Stanislau Shushkevich, criticized the early drafts due to the amount of power granted to the president. The opposition Belarusian Popular Front criticized the final drafts due to the lack of balance between the two parties and for allowing Vyachaslau Kebich	Kebich	PROPN	to	PART	 to
The American West is given a symbolic nod with the naming of the " Hotel Montana " in The Sun Also Rises and For Whom the Bell Tolls. According to Stoltzfus and Fiedler, Hemingway's nature is a place for rebirth, for therapy, and the hunter	hunter	NOUN	or	CCONJ	 or
“ They need what we needed when we were young, ” he explains to a sympathetic officer. Anticipation runs high on both sides, with the girls expecting to meet the young men of their dreams, while the recruits, many of whom are actually middle aged	aged	ADJ	reservists	NOUN	 reservists
Adults are cryptically coloured, and the carapace is covered in conspicuous, high tubercles. S. latus lives on rocky or sandy substrates at depths of 4 – 100 metres (13 – 328 ft). They shelter during the day in natural dens, on the ceilings	ceilings	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
American International Pictures (AIP), founded in 1956 by James H. Nicholson and Samuel Z. Arkoff in a reorganization of their American Releasing Corporation (ARC), soon became the leading U.S. studio devoted entirely to B cost productions. American International helped keep the original release	release	NOUN	double	ADJ	 double
" La Isla Bonita " was released as the fifth and final single in February 1987. The song describes Madonna as a tourist who prays " that the days would last, they went so fast ". The first line refers to an island called San Pedro although	although	SCONJ	this	PRON	 this
By the time the Matabele withdrew, they had suffered around 1,500 fatalities; the Company, on the other hand, had lost only four men. A week later, on 1 November, 2,000 Matabele riflemen and 4,000 warriors attacked Forbes at Bembezi, about 30 miles	miles	NOUN	(	PUNCT	 (
On July 29, 2007, during a train ride back to Los Angeles from the San Diego Comic Con with Heroes actors Zachary Quinto and Masi Oka, and writers from the series, the writers had mentioned that if she " ever want [ed] to come	come	VERB	on	ADP	 on
A tropical storm was first observed on August 31, 225 miles (360 km) north northeast of the island of Antigua. The storm rapidly intensified as it moved quickly to the west northwest, attaining hurricane status later that day, and major hurricane strength on September	September	PROPN	1	NUM	 1
In 1833, the antiquarian Angharad Llwyd described the old church as " a very ancient and dilapidated structure ", which had " some good specimens of the architecture of a very remote period ". Writing in 1846, the clergyman and antiquarian Harry Longueville Jones described it	it	PRON	as	ADP	 as
Beta Pictoris b's distance from its star is 9AU. At such distances the rotation of Jovian planets is not slowed by tidal effects. Beta Pictoris b is still warm and young and over the next hundreds of millions of years, it will cool down and shrink	shrink	VERB	to	ADP	 to
In the episode " Before A Fall " he overdoses on the drug, but is saved by his colleague Jac Naylor. Shortly thereafter, they become a couple, although Joseph is unaware that Jac is only interested in him because of his father's influence. Jac	Jac	NOUN	manipulates	VERB	 manipulates
He worked at a number of non rabbinic jobs (including as an Ordinary Seaman in the U.S. Merchant Marine), and several rabbinic positions, including both pulpit and non pulpit roles. In 1939 he was appointed Director of Youth Education for the UAHC, and also	also	ADV	became	VERB	 became
During the season, which lasted from 1 July 2002 to 30 June 2003, Benfica competed in the Primeira Liga and the Taça de Portugal. Going into a second year without UEFA competitions, qualifying for Europe was one of the club's top priorities; to improve	improve	VERB	its	PRON	 its
Liverpool Football Club was formed on 15 March 1892 following a disagreement between the directors of Everton Football Club and its president, John Houlding, who owned the club's ground, Anfield. A dispute over rent resulted in Everton moving to Goodison Park, which left Houlding	Houlding	PROPN	with	ADP	 with
The striking and powerful contrasts in which Shakespear abounds could not escape observation; but the use he makes of the principle of analogy to reconcile the greatest diversities of character and to maintain a continuity of feeling throughout, has not been sufficiently attended to. As he does	does	VERB	with	ADP	 with
This led to some controversy with some consumers saying that the doll was inappropriate for children, or that it promoted teen pregnancy. Another cause for this controversy was that Midge did not initially have a wedding ring, but this was later fixed. She also was packaged	packaged	VERB	without	ADP	 without
General Pigot then broke out of his lines in pursuit, but Sullivan successfully fought off his attack in the Battle of Rhode Island on August 29 before retreating off Aquidneck Island. The British occupied Newport until October 1779, when the garrison was withdrawn for operations elsewhere.	.	PUNCT	The	DET	 The
Whitaker has been confirmed as a castmember in the upcoming Star Wars anthology film Rogue One. After completing several films in the early 1980s, Whitaker gained additional roles in multiple television shows. On the series, Diff'rent Strokes, he played a bully in the 1985 episode	episode	NOUN	"	PUNCT	 "
In the Sydney Basin, it is found from altitudes of zero to 1100 m (3600 ft) above sea level, and in areas of rainfall from 800 to 1400 mm (32 – 55 in) annually. Lambertia formosa grows in heathland, mallee shrubland and	and	CCONJ	dry	ADJ	 dry
Kelowna International Airport has affected traffic at the Penticton Regional Airport, with the former providing more direct flight and connection options for travellers. Penticton Regional Airport also recently under went an expansion to add more seating area in the main terminal building as an addition to the extra	extra	ADJ	WestJet	PROPN	 WestJet
Fleming builds the main character in Live and Let Die to make Bond come across as more human than in Casino Royale, becoming " a much warmer, more likeable man from the opening chapter ", according to the American novelist Raymond Benson, who between 1997 and	and	CCONJ	2002	NUM	 2002
Scher founded the chapter in 2007 with Sheri Brown, a former social worker. Brown had previously hated strippers, but, once she had accepted a job helping teenage mothers finish high school and the first four teens she worked with were strippers, she said that she	she	PRON	developed	VERB	 developed
Modern scholars consider these numbers to be clearly exaggerated, but they do suggest that the Athenian army had numerical superiority over the Catalans. Ramon Muntaner and Gregoras place the site of the battle at the Boeotic Cephissus, which resulted in the identification of the battle with that	that	DET	locality	NOUN	 locality
Reviewer for the Evening Independent Bill Wiley proclaimed it " a dramatic story in a brilliant medium " that " will leave a vivid memory with the reader long after many novels in words are forgotten ". At the Sarasota Herald Tribune John Selby found the book " more	more	ADV	uniform	ADJ	 uniform
Between 1,400 and 2,200 non combatants were allowed inside, increasing the number of people in the castle at least fivefold. In an effort to alleviate the pressure on the castle's supplies, Roger de Lacy, the castellan, evicted 500 civilians; this first group was	was	AUX	allowed	VERB	 allowed
' " It did not escape Klemperer's notice that many of the victims had played a role in bringing Hitler to power. " A chancellor ", he wrote, " sentences and shoots members of his own private army! " The extent of the massacre and	and	CCONJ	the	DET	 the
Catto earned an undergraduate degree from Bethel College and his M.A. from Webster University. From July 2002 to June 2006, he assumed duties as the Commanding General, Marine Corps Systems Command. Catto is the Commanding General Marine Corps Systems Command, Chief of Staff, United	United	PROPN	States	PROPN	 States
Jay (ジェイ, Jei) is a cryptic 16 year old ninja and practitioner of iron eres. He is characterized as being highly cynical and tends to liberally use cutting remarks, and has a talent for information gathering and analysis. He is voiced by Ryoko Shiraishi	Shiraishi	PROPN	in	ADP	 in
Lavelli tied for first place in receptions, with 40, and led the league in receiving yards, with 843. His eight receiving touchdowns gave him second place in the league. Speedie, meanwhile, led all receivers in yards per reception, with 23.5. On	On	ADP	defense	NOUN	 defense
He spent the rest of his life working in the Russian tourism administration until his death on 24 September 2010. Yanayev was born on 26 August 1937 in the town of Perevoz, Gorky Oblast during the height of Stalinist repression in the Soviet Union. He graduated from	from	ADP	the	DET	 the
Although Géza remained his father's principal advisor, King Béla did not grant his former duchy to his son. According to the Annales Altahenses, Béla even offered Géza as hostage to the Germans when he was informed that the German court decided, in August 1063,	,	PUNCT	to	PART	 to
Learning of the conference and the presence of Attalus, Philip marched rapidly south in an attempt to break up the conference and catch the enemy leaders, but arrived too late. Surrounded by foes, Philip was forced to adopt a defensive policy. He distributed his commanders	commanders	NOUN	and	CCONJ	 and
Its capital city is Zagreb, which forms one of the country's primary subdivisions, along with its twenty counties. Croatia covers 56,594 square kilometres (21,851 square miles) and has diverse, mostly continental and Mediterranean climates. Croatia's Adriatic Sea coast contains more than	than	ADP	a	DET	 a
Disney then hired lyricist Howard Ashman and composer Alan Menken to write the film's songs and assist in the " transform [ing of] Beauty and the Beast into a musical ", the pair having just recently collaborated on scoring The Little Mermaid. According to Menken	Menken	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
Species of Oryzomys included in Weksler's study did not cluster together in his results, but instead appeared dispersed across Oryzomyini, indicating that the genus was polyphyletic and should be split up. Later in the same year, Weksler, Alexandre Percequillo, and Robert Voss introduced	introduced	VERB	ten	NUM	 ten
The age of the lava flows ranges from heavily glaciated andesite flows overlying less eroded ones to possibly postglacial lava flows that may be tens of thousands of years old. The Aucanquilcha cluster formed in four stages, each corresponding to a group. The Alconcha group, with	with	ADP	seven	NUM	 seven
Euronymous, the deceased guitarist of Mayhem and erstwhile leader of the so called " Inner Circle ", traded correspondence with Lamounier in the early days of Norway's scene. In the Lords of Chaos book, Metalion (Slayer fanzine, ex Head Not Found) stated	stated	VERB	that	SCONJ	 that
Carlyle's more moderate estimate lies at about ten thousand Prussian and probably another ten thousand Austrian dead. Michael Hochedlinger assesses combined casualties at approximately thirty thousand; Robert Kann gives no estimate of casualties but suggests the primary causes of death were cholera and dysentery. Gaston Bodart	Bodart	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
In 2015, it was reported that the Master System sells around 150,000 units per year in Brazil, a level that holds its own against modern systems such as the PlayStation 4. Developed under the name " Project Mercury " and designed based on the Master System's	's	PART	hardware	NOUN	 hardware
Nowitzki blossomed as the sole franchise player, averaging 26.6 points, 9.0 rebounds, and 2.8 assists. Not only was this his third 2,000 point season, but his scoring average of 26.6 points was highest ever by a European. He improved his shooting percentage, setting	setting	VERB	personal	ADJ	 personal
It also contained the non UK single " Champagne Supernova " — featuring guitar and backing vocals by Paul Weller — that received widespread critical acclaim and peaked at number one on the US modern rock chart. The group played their first headline outdoor concerts at Maine Road football	football	NOUN	stadium	NOUN	 stadium
Later in 2010 at the World Championships in Rotterdam, Netherlands, she won the World Title on Vault as well. Her gold gave her a total of nine medals overall, joining Shannon Miller and Nastia Liukin as the U.S. athletes with the most medals at the gymnastics	gymnastics	PROPN	world	NOUN	 world
In 1942 and early 1943, MacArthur's forces fought off a series of Japanese offensives in Papua in the Kokoda Track campaign, Battle of Milne Bay, Battle of Buna – Gona, the Battle of Wau and the Battle of the Bismarck Sea. Following these victories	victories	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
The festive opening chorus, Lobet Gott in seinen Reichen, is believed to be based on a movement from the lost secular cantata Froher Tag, verlangte Stunden, BWV Anh. 18. The movement has no fugue, but dance like elements and Lombard rhythm. Bach	Bach	NOUN	marks	VERB	 marks
On 20 October 1871 two engineers traversed the two possible routes from Bergen to Voss; the one via Fana, Os and Hardangerfjord, the other via Dale and Sørfjord. Though covering a less populated area, the latter would be cheaper to build, and have less	less	ADJ	elevation	NOUN	 elevation
So we have come to a time for choosing... You and I are told we must choose between a left or right, but I suggest there is no such thing as a left or right. There is only an up or down. Up to man's	's	PART	age	NOUN	 age
Indian cultural history spans more than 4,500 years. During the Vedic period (c. 1700 – 500 BCE), the foundations of Hindu philosophy, mythology, theology and literature were laid, and many beliefs and practices which still exist today, such as dhárma, kárma	kárma	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
Or she takes that sweater and tucks it into the skirt and pairs it with knee highs and flats. She makes it her way, which is more quirky. The popular girls find a way to make it look cool, but Rachel makes it look nerdy.	.	PUNCT	But	CCONJ	 But
" on her BBC One television programme, Cilla. Later that year Apple Records released The Beatles, commonly known as the " White Album ". Creative inspiration for the double LP came in part from the band's recent interactions with the Maharishi Mahesh Yogi. While	While	SCONJ	attending	VERB	 attending
Many elements of Tintin in America, such as the abattoir scene, were adopted from Duhamel's descriptions. Hergé was also influenced by a special edition of radical anticonformist magazine Le Crapouillot (The Mortar Shell) that was published in October 1930. Devoted to the United	United	PROPN	States	PROPN	 States
Merrick was becoming a greater financial burden on his family and eventually, his father secured him a hawker's licence which enabled him to earn money selling items from the haberdashery shop, door to door. This endeavour was unsuccessful, since Merrick's facial deformities rendered his	his	PRON	speech	NOUN	 speech
With warm water temperatures of over 86° F (30° C) and low wind shear, the newly formed tropical depression was able to quickly intensify. It developed a well defined center with concentrated deep convection. Continued organization prompted the NHC to upgrade the depression	depression	NOUN	to	ADP	 to
However, Tech lost its next 6 games before Lewis was fired with three games remaining in the season. O'Leary was named interim coach for the rest of the season, and was appointed head coach in 1995. O'Leary's first season saw Senior Donnie Davis return as	as	ADP	starter	NOUN	 starter
Describing Kim as " a mostly graphic heroine ", Animation: A World History: Volume III: Contemporary Times author Giannalberto Bendazzi agreed that the character's " limited animation " was intentional. In the fourth season, the character's signature crop top and cargo pants	pants	NOUN	are	AUX	 are
Upon entering one of the gates, the warriors encounter a dark sphere in which Sophia explains it is a substance found only in the Rift known as Dark Matter, and that Avalon's goal is to harvest it for their evil purposes. Vata explains the Avalon Empire	Empire	PROPN	is	AUX	 is
Terminal 1 hosts domestic and regional services for Qantas Group airlines, Qantas and QantasLink (which is located to the northern end of the building). Departures are located on the first floor, while arrivals are located on the ground floor. The terminal has 16 parking	parking	NOUN	bays	NOUN	 bays
He seems to have kept such beliefs private, only expressing them in his private art; his more sensitive works were not published at the time, probably for fear of reprisal or persecution. In Witches ' Sabbath Goya mocks and ridicules the superstition, fear and irrationality	irrationality	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
Also, Kassoum Tapo, the president of the Committee on human rights of parliamentarians of the Inter Parliamentary Union insisted that Matar had been a parliamentarian " at the time of the demonstrations and of [his] arrest. " On 12 June, Matar was put before	before	ADP	a	DET	 a
The protagonist of Metal Gear Solid is Solid Snake, a legendary infiltrator and saboteur. During the mission, Snake receives support and advice via codec radio. Colonel Roy Campbell, Solid Snake's former commanding officer, supports Snake with advice and tactics. While he initially	initially	ADV	keeps	VERB	 keeps
Claudia Mitchell and Jacqueline Reid Walsh, authors of Girl Culture: Studying girl culture: a readers ' guide (2008), observed that the lyrics of the song " gesture toward [Spears] longing for the return of an ex boyfriend. " The next song	song	NOUN	and	CCONJ	 and
He rounds off the chapter with an examination of Post Medieval curses and charms containing the written word, citing examples that have been found by archaeologists across Britain, hidden inside various parts of buildings. In the seventh chapter, " Charms against witchcraft ", he deals	deals	VERB	with	ADP	 with
" Barr refuses to use the term " blue collar " because it masks the issue of class. During Roseanne's final season, Barr was in negotiations between Carsey Werner Productions and ABC executives to continue playing Roseanne Conner in a spin off. However, after failed	failed	VERB	discussions	NOUN	 discussions
In the Pacific, the Allies returned to the Philippines, recaptured Burma, and invaded Borneo. Offensives were undertaken to reduce the Japanese forces remaining in Bougainville, New Guinea and the Philippines. In April 1945, American forces landed on Okinawa, where heavy fighting continued	continued	VERB	until	ADP	 until
It is a temperate species with a generally circumboreal range, although it does occur as far south as Japan, southern Europe, and the island of Kauaʻi in Hawaiʻi, where it grows as a subtropical sundew. It is thought to originate from an amphidiploid hybrid of	of	ADP	D.	PROPN	 D.
Her book of poems was published posthumously in 2000, followed by an enlarged second edition in 2014. Hutton characterised Valiente as " a handsome woman of striking, dark haired, aquiline looks, possessed of a strong, enquiring, candid, and independent personality, and	and	CCONJ	a	DET	 a
According to critic Howard Hannum the trauma of birth and suicide Hemingway paints in " Indian Camp " rendered a leitmotif that gave Hemingway a unified framework for the Nick Adams stories. It is followed by " The Doctor and the Doctor's Wife ", which Mellows says	says	VERB	is	AUX	 is
Funerary poems were thought to preserve a monarch's soul in death. The Pyramid Texts are the earliest surviving religious literature incorporating poetic verse. These texts do not appear in tombs or pyramids originating before the reign of Unas (r. 2375 – 2345 BC), who	who	PRON	had	VERB	 had
By 1735, the inner town was finished and three northern bastions had been added. When complete, it was the largest and most advanced Habsburg fortress on the border with the Ottoman Empire, consisting of eight bastions and featuring armories, depots, a garrison headquarters,	,	PUNCT	military	ADJ	 military
The player may advance down the path by acquiring Crystarium Points, which are awarded after defeating enemies. The full Crystarium is not available to the player at the beginning of the game; at specific points in the game's plot, the player gains access to new	new	ADJ	crystals	NOUN	 crystals
More recent research has suggested that Philipp may also have been hit by a P 47 " Thunderbolt " piloted by Robert S. Johnson of the 61st Fighter Squadron. Philipp tried to return to his airfield, but was forced to bail out at low altitude at 15:	:	SYM	45	NUM	 45
In July 1942, Turing devised a technique termed Turingery (or jokingly Turingismus) for use against the Lorenz cipher messages produced by the Germans ' new Geheimschreiber (secret writer) machine. This was a teleprinter rotor cipher attachment codenamed Tunny at Bletchley Park. Turingery was	was	AUX	a	DET	 a
Shortly after midnight on January 4, 1974 — around the time that he terminated his relationship with Brooks — Bundy entered the basement apartment of 18 year old Karen Sparks (identified as Joni Lenz or Terri Caldwell by various sources), a dancer and student at UW	UW	PROPN	.	PUNCT	.
The risk of suicide is worst in the first five years after injury. In young people with SCI, suicide is the leading cause of death. Depression is associated with an increased risk of other complications such as UTI and pressure ulcers that occur more when self care	care	NOUN	is	AUX	 is
The term " Angevin Empire " was coined in 1887 by Kate Norgate. As far as it is known there was no contemporary name for this assemblage of territories which were referred to — if at all — by clumsy circumlocutions such as our kingdom and everything subject to	to	ADP	our	PRON	 our
Jackson played 15 National Hockey League (NHL) seasons between 1929 and 1944 for the Toronto Maple Leafs, New York Americans and Boston Bruins. He was a member of the famed Kid Line with Joe Primeau and Charlie Conacher, one of the early NHL's dominant	dominant	ADJ	scoring	NOUN	 scoring
Freemasonry opened new venues for Joaquim Inácio, providing him with connections and influence he had previously lacked and which were essential to advancing his political career. On 2 March 1861, his friend Caxias, also a freemason and staunch Catholic, became prime minister. He invited	invited	VERB	Joaquim	PROPN	 Joaquim
Another characteristic topographical feature of Round Hill is the " cat's creep ", a type of steep, narrow staircase between buildings. Often found in Brighton's hilly suburbs such as Moulsecoomb and Hollingbury, the best example is found between Roundhill Crescent and Richmond Road.	.	PUNCT	Named	VERB	 Named
The brigade continued their advance capturing several villages in the following days. Tell Esh Sherif on 11 October, Baalbek on 13 October, Lebwe on 14 October, El Kaa on 15 October, Kusseir on 16 October and Homs was reached at midday 17 October. At	At	ADP	Homs	PROPN	 Homs
Like much of the rest of the world at the time, the economy of Athura relied heavily upon the produce of the farms and the rivers, including fish and what fruit and meat could be raised in the Euphrates ' fertile soils. The agricultural year began with	with	ADP	sowing	NOUN	 sowing
She became Pericles ' mistress and they began to live together as if they were married. This relationship aroused many reactions and even Pericles ' own son, Xanthippus, who had political ambitions, did not hesitate to slander his father. Nonetheless, these persecutions did not	not	PART	undermine	VERB	 undermine
Off grid PV systems have traditionally used rechargeable batteries to store excess electricity. With grid tied systems, excess electricity can be sent to the transmission grid, while standard grid electricity can be used to meet shortfalls. Net metering programs give household systems a credit for any	any	DET	electricity	NOUN	 electricity
Peter MacNicol voiced the character and used a voice inspired by that of late actor Laird Cregar. It is available on both the third volume DVD set for the series, as well as the complete season box set. Dr. Otto Octavius tries to complain to his boss	boss	NOUN	Norman	PROPN	 Norman
Impressed lines mark the vertical edges of the text area, and there is an outer pair of lines. Each line of text is ruled, only as far as the inner vertical lines, and there are prick marks where the horizontal lines meet the verticals. The	The	DET	book	NOUN	 book
In the essay on King Lear, which he entitled simply " Lear ", Hazlitt makes no references to the performances of any actors. In fact, here he fully agrees with Lamb that King Lear, like Hamlet, can not be adequately presented on stage.	.	PUNCT	No	DET	 No
Sam Barlow later returned with partner Philip Foster to establish the Mount Hood Toll Road, which became known as the Barlow Road. In 1846, Palmer returned to his family in Indiana and in 1847 he published his diary as Palmer's Journal of Travels Over the Rocky	Rocky	PROPN	Mountains	PROPN	 Mountains
Impersonal authority. (e.g. Office bearer does not bring the office with him). Political neutrality. Merits: Max Weber himself noted, real bureaucracy will be less optimal and effective than his ideal type model. Each of Weber's principles can degenerate, more so	so	ADV	,	PUNCT	,
About two weeks later, on June 11, Busch Gardens Tampa announced plans for Falcon's Fury and construction began that month. During the fourth quarter of 2013, the park drove steel piles for the ride's foundation nightly for about a month. On September 20	20	NUM	,	PUNCT	,
It has been an alcoholic beverage control state, with the Oregon Liquor Control Commission holding a monopoly over the sale of all distilled beverages, since Prohibition. Today, there are thriving industries producing beer, wine, and liquor in the state. Alcohol may be purchased	purchased	VERB	between	ADP	 between
He attacked the Bishop of Tver and was severely wounded or even killed in the battle. However, that is the only information about him. The Gediminid dynasty began its ascent in Lithuania during this time with the emergence of its first leader, Butigeidis. In 1289	1289	NUM	,	PUNCT	,
The song was included on the setlist of their 2010 tour, and was also performed at the ITunes Festival held at The Roundhouse in London in the same year; the band later released a digital EP of their performance. " Islands " was also included on the	the	DET	setlist	NOUN	 setlist
The first side of the LP closes with " Rockman Rock (Parts 2 and 3) ", a homage to Jimmy Cauty that plagiarises from an array of sources, including the " Bo Diddley Beat " and " Sunrise Sunset " from the Fiddler on the Roof	Roof	PROPN	soundtrack	NOUN	 soundtrack
It is a valued contributor to many forms of entertainment, including in literature, theatre, opera, film and games. In royal courts, such as for example, in the Byzantine court, and presumably, also in its wealthy households, " mimes were the	the	DET	focus	NOUN	 focus
In an article titled, " Lurid Trails Are Left By Olden Day Bandits, " the author described the Earp's relationship with Sheriff Behan and the Cowboys: Trouble arose between them and Sheriff John Behan, who tried to ' clean up ' the town. Trouble	Trouble	NOUN	began	VERB	 began
Other than recommendations in the foreword, the book also contained a short chapter with descriptions of fictitious housewives that served as warning examples about neglecting housework in favor of beautification, reading, religion, or doing the chores of the servants. The ideal housewife is embodied only	only	ADV	by	ADP	 by
Miners were also put on a rotating schedule where every 28 days they would work one week for 4 days, 10 hours each day. Both groups had lost a considerable amount of money, Pittston due to the slowdown of production, and the UMWA for the cost	cost	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
It topped the poll in the elections (followed by Ivica Račan's reformed communists, Social Democratic Party of Croatia) and was set to form a new Croatian Government. A tense atmosphere prevailed in 1990: on 13 May 1990, a football game was held in	in	ADP	Zagreb	PROPN	 Zagreb
Instead, Oribe's Argentine soldiers were incorporated into the army of Urquiza, and the Uruguayans into Garzon's. The Brazilian army easily took the remaining Blanco Uruguayan territory, fending off remnants of Oribe's troops who attacked its flanks in several skirmishes. On 21 November	November	PROPN	the	DET	 the
The following month, the regiment was assigned to Earl Van Dorn, now a Major General, with whom Ross had served during the battle at the Wichita Village. Under Van Dorn, the group suffered a defeat at the Battle of Pea Ridge; Ross attributed their	their	PRON	loss	NOUN	 loss
In the United States Senate, he was a member of the U.S. Senate Committee on Foreign Relations until the end of his term on March 4, 1857. Fish became friends with President Franklin Pierce's Secretary of State William L. Marcy and Attorney General Caleb Cushing.	.	PUNCT	He	PRON	 He
Forces under General von Strandmann captured Szopy and started attacking Forts 44, 45 and the fortifications around Królikarnia. Although von Strandmann's unit did not have a clear numerical superiority (2,900 Russians with six guns against 1,700 Poles with six guns), they quickly pushed back	back	ADV	the	DET	 the
" The Statue of Liberty's once proud porcelain features have been crudely chiseled into the grotesque likeness of a great grinning ape ". Schwarzenegger remained attached, but Fox had mixed emotions with Hamm's script. When Columbus dropped out in late 1995 to work on Jingle	Jingle	PROPN	All	DET	 All
AD 146 – 168) in AD 166, yet Rafe de Crespigny asserts that this was most likely a group of Roman merchants. Other travelers to Eastern Han China included Buddhist monks who translated works into Chinese, such as An Shigao of Parthia, and Lokaksema from	from	ADP	Kushan	PROPN	 Kushan
Time shifted viewing led to an addition of 64 percent to the week's original ratings, but lead actor Joshua Jackson still expressed concern for the show's future, urging fans to watch the series live on Fridays. Television critics viewed the episode positively, with one	one	NUM	praising	VERB	 praising
The main conning tower had 150 mm thick sides. She was armed with a main battery of eight 203 mm (8.0 in) Mod 29 53 caliber guns in four gun turrets. The turrets were arranged in superfiring pairs forward and aft. Anti aircraft defense was	was	AUX	provided	VERB	 provided
" Blue Jay Way " was issued in Britain as the final song on the Magical Mystery Tour double EP on 8 December 1967. In America, where Capitol Records had combined the six EP tracks with five songs issued on the band's singles throughout the year,	,	PUNCT	creating	VERB	 creating
" Her first impression of love, when she was eight, has become decisive for her whole life. Now she can love only to a certain degree because she's comparing each new experience with the past experience. Kierkegaard discussed this again in 1845. take a	a	DET	little	ADJ	 little
With further releases, many games in the genre have drifted towards action by allowing the option of direct confrontations. The Hitman series, the first installment of which was released in 2000, allowed this play style, but rewarded the player for stealthy and elaborate assassination of	of	ADP	antagonists	NOUN	 antagonists
Before the release of Chameli (2004) (in which she played a sex worker), Kapoor stated that " there is a certain image that people identify you with [and] [i] t always follows you whichever role you play. I am trying	trying	VERB	to	PART	 to
Between the two major key variations, Variation V returns to C minor; Girdlestone describes this variation as " one of the most moving ". Variation VII is half the length of the preceding variations, as it omits the repeat of each eight measure phrase. This	This	DET	variation	NOUN	 variation
He calculated the smallest residue of <formula> for all primes p <2000 and found this residue to be zero for t = 364 and p = 1093, thereby providing a counterexample to a conjecture by Grawe about the impossibility of the Wieferich congruence. E. Haentzschel	Haentzschel	PROPN	later	ADV	 later
All the pilasters and columns are Corinthian in style. The windows are sashes and are surrounded by architraves. The ground floor windows in the central bays have segmental heads with keystones, and those in the outer bays have friezes and pediments carried on consoles. Below the	the	DET	upper	ADJ	 upper
According to police records, he held a large rally at Pileći kuk and delivered a speech criticising the regency for its " pro Catholic, anti Orthodox and anti worker " policies. An eyewitness reported that Đujić waved " a red [communist] flag and greeted followers	followers	NOUN	with	ADP	 with
The sum of two vectors is obtained by adding their individual coordinates: (a, b) + (c, d) = (a + c, b + d). This addition operation is central to classical mechanics, in which vectors are interpreted as	as	ADP	forces	NOUN	 forces
On the ground, to obtain directional radio beams with a well defined navigable course, crossed loop antennas were used initially. The first loop based LFR system was commissioned by the U.S. Commerce Department on June 30, 1928. But the loop antenna design suffered from poor	poor	ADJ	performance	NOUN	 performance
Weaver and his wife moved their household in 1890 from Bloomfield to Colfax, near Des Moines, as the former Congressman took up more active management of the Iowa Tribune. The Greenback and Union Labor parties were defunct, but he still proselytized for their ideals. In	In	ADP	August	PROPN	 August
The episode was well received by most television critics. They praised the production values of the series as well as the performances of the lead actors. South Carolina Congressman Frank Underwood (Kevin Spacey), the Democratic Majority Whip, leaves his house in Washington, D.C.	D.C.	PROPN	after	ADP	 after
This accomplished little else as the Japanese aircraft failed to penetrate past the defending fighters; the survivors landed at airfields on Luzon. The Americans were preoccupied dealing with the other Japanese naval forces and defending themselves from air attacks and finally found the Northern Force late that afternoon	afternoon	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
On 23 April President Ferdinand Marcos of the Philippines announced that no more than 2,500 Vietnamese evacuees would be allowed in the Philippines at any one time, further increasing the strain on MAC which now had to move evacuees out of Saigon and move some 5,000 evacuees from Clark	Clark	PROPN	Air	PROPN	 Air
The building is currently owned by the John D. and Catherine T. MacArthur Foundation. It is located in the community area known as the " Loop " in Cook County, Illinois, United States. The building was one of the early steel frame skyscrapers of its day	day	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
By the summer of 1947, a prototype frame had been built and tested. The spine frame was made from 40 mm steel tubing, as were the steering head, the single sided front fork, and the single sided swingarm. The wheels were interchangeable, and	and	CCONJ	were	AUX	 were
Newton undertook his initial training with No. 1 Elementary Flying Training School in Parafield, South Australia, flying De Havilland Tiger Moths, and with No. 21 (City of Melbourne) Squadron at RAAF Station Laverton, Victoria, flying CAC Wirraways. He was awarded	awarded	VERB	his	PRON	 his
In late 2009, the " Twitter Lists " feature was added, making it possible for users to follow ad hoc lists of authors instead of individual authors. Through SMS, users can communicate with Twitter through five gateway numbers: short codes for the United States,	,	PUNCT	Canada	PROPN	 Canada
Risto Uimonen, an election analyst for the Finnish Broadcasting Company, predicted " the toughest negotiations on government formation since the 1970s ", as the three biggest parties have differing stances on many issues. Some analysts said that government formation talks could take weeks or even months	months	NOUN	due	ADP	 due
Torborg, built in 1772, had three additional 12 pounders, eleven in the centerline and two in the bow facing forwards, housed under a decked superstructure with gun ports, but with the rowing seats left undecked. This arrangement proved to be less successful with reports	reports	NOUN	about	ADP	 about
The division began a gradual reduction of forces in Somalia in February 1993, until the last soldiers of the 2nd Battalion, 22nd Infantry returned to the United States in March, 1994. The division formed the nucleus of the Multinational Force Haiti (MNF Haiti) and	and	CCONJ	Joint	PROPN	 Joint
Once airborne, the nacelles rotate forward 90° in as little as 12 seconds for horizontal flight, converting the V 22 to a more fuel efficient, higher speed turboprop aircraft. STOL rolling takeoff and landing capability is achieved by having the nacelles tilted forward up to	to	ADP	45	NUM	 45
The first landing at the new airport was made on 14 September 1974 with a Fokker F 28, and Braathens SAFE continued to fly until 1 September 1975. Russian authorities granted a concession for a semi weekly service by Aeroflot from Murmansk Airport. The first attempt to	to	PART	officially	ADV	 officially
Obama held assignments on the Senate Committees for Foreign Relations, Environment and Public Works and Veterans ' Affairs through December 2006. In January 2007, he left the Environment and Public Works committee and took additional assignments with Health, Education, Labor and Pensions and Homeland Security	Security	PROPN	and	CCONJ	 and
However, the accidents were usually not serious, and roadworks were considered a " major contributing factor ". In October 2013, the project was recognised with the Civil Contractors Federation National Earth Award for Excellence. Great Eastern Highway Bypass, together with Roe Highway, provides	provides	VERB	a	DET	 a
Part IV of the act covers the delegation of powers to agents, and the trustees liability for their acts. This is an area that has long been criticised by practitioners and academics, particularly the provisions of the Trustee Act 1925. The Act allowed the trustees to	to	PART	appoint	VERB	 appoint
To the chagrin of local farmers, Missoula is also home to several noxious weeds, which multiple programs have set out to eliminate. Notable ones include Dalmatian toadflax, spotted knapweed, leafy spurge, St. John's wort, and sulfur cinquefoil. Controversially, the Norway	Norway	PROPN	maples	VERB	 maples
While the USSBS did not state that any single factor caused the surrender, during interrogations most Japanese wartime leaders nominated the prolonged air attacks on the home islands as the single most important factor which influenced their decision to end the war. In particular, Prime Minister Kantarō	Kantarō	PROPN	Suzuki	PROPN	 Suzuki
It was the first major conservation of the statue since its dedication in 1907. Scaffolding and nylon mesh were installed around the monument for several months during the restoration, which included cleaning, painting and waxing the statue. Damage to the monument that was repaired during the	the	DET	process	NOUN	 process
" According to University of West Georgia Professor Carrie B. McWhorter, shifgrethor can be defined simply as " a sense of honor and respect that provides the Gethenians with a way to save face in a time of crisis. " Ai initially refuses to see a connection between	between	ADP	his	PRON	 his
In 1963, PA 343 was moved back to Lickdale, and seven years after, moved to its northern terminus, thirteen years after the construction of I 78. PA 343 begins at an intersection with PA 72, near the Northwest Elementary School, in the city	city	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
Popular dissatisfaction over these policies was a key factor in launching the socialist Marxist Second Republic, in which the formerly private bank and insurance industries were nationalized; state monopolies were established for such industries as textiles, cotton and power; and import – export trade and shipping	shipping	NOUN	were	AUX	 were
Isabeau's coronation was celebrated on 23 August 1389 with a lavish ceremonial entry into Paris. Her second cousin and sister in law Valentina Visconti, who had married her own cousin Louis of Orléans (Charles ' younger brother) two years earlier by proxy and papal dispensation	dispensation	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
McCain's father and grandfather were admirals in the United States Navy. McCain was born on August 29, 1936, in the Panama Canal Zone, and attended many schools growing up as his family moved among naval facilities. McCain graduated from the United States Naval Academy	Academy	PROPN	in	ADP	 in
The establishment proved controversial among western peacekeepers who had occupied Kosovo following the withdrawal of Yugoslav security forces in June 1999. In one instance, French NATO troops took down a sign carrying a swastika from the entrance to Xhinovci's bar, much to his displeasure. One	One	NUM	French	ADJ	 French
A Persian emissary was sent by Xerxes to negotiate with Leonidas. The Greeks were offered their freedom and the title " Friends of the Persian People ". Moreover, they would be re settled on land better than that they possessed. When these terms were refused by	by	ADP	Leonidas	PROPN	 Leonidas
Upon completing a Bonus Challenge, the player is awarded with a bronze, silver, gold or platinum medal based on their performance. For every platinum medal earned, a piece of the game's concept art is unlocked. If the player collects all 100 Rare books	books	NOUN	and	CCONJ	 and
In August 2008, Rebecca Armstrong of The Independent named Spook Country as one of the " Ten Best Thrillers ". Mike Duffy felt that although the novel was less overtly science fiction than Gibson's earlier novels, it retained their " wit, virtuosity and insights "	"	PUNCT	,	PUNCT	,
The episode was the third highest rated show on the Fox network that week. Since airing, the episode has received mostly positive reviews from fans and television critics. In 2008, Empire placed The Simpsons at the top of their list of " The 50 Greatest TV	TV	NOUN	Shows	NOUN	 Shows
These developments were offset by the acquisition of the Norse Gaelic west and the Gaelicisation of many of the noble families of French and Anglo French origin. National cohesion was fostered with the creation of various unique religious and cultural practices. By the end of the period,	,	PUNCT	Scotland	PROPN	 Scotland
When measured by passengers carried, it is second largest in the United Kingdom behind easyJet. The airline is based in Waterside near its main hub at London Heathrow Airport. A British Airways Board was established by the United Kingdom government in 1972 to manage the two nationalised	nationalised	VERB	airline	NOUN	 airline
To clean the rifles, a bore brush was lifted by two sailors and inserted into the gun barrel, where it was pulled through the rifle with the same equipment used to load the shells. Within the turret, crewmen checked to ensure that the breech fittings were	were	AUX	properly	ADV	 properly
The situation in Ireland was tense and the Anglo Normans heavily outnumbered. Henry took this opportunity to intervene personally in Ireland. He took a large army into south Wales, forcing the rebels who had held the area since 1165 into submission prior to sailing from Pembroke and	and	CCONJ	landing	VERB	 landing
The Thayer School emphasizes the cross disciplinary nature of its research topics. In 2007, sponsored research at the school amounted to $16.2 million. Research at Thayer is divided into three general " focus areas ": engineering in medicine, energy technologies, and complex systems	systems	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
Father Frank Pavone, founder of Priests for Life, delivered the main homily (Audio: MP3 Format). On May 7, Schiavo's parents made public a complaint that they had not been informed of when and where the ashes of their daughter had been (	(	PUNCT	or	CCONJ	or
Near Bellevue, the road intersects Laney Camp Road and re enters Issaquena County after crossing another cattle guard. In Issaquena County, the route continues traveling northeastward over the levee. Past Jackson Road, the highway shifts slightly to the east. MS 465 then travels around	around	ADP	Albermarle	PROPN	 Albermarle
South Pass itself is an unimpressive open saddle between the Wind River Range to the north and the Antelope Hills to the south, but it represented a major milestone in the trip. In 1848, Congress created the Oregon Territory which included all the territory in Wyoming west	west	ADV	of	ADP	 of
A recently rediscovered poem — though from a 17th century manuscript written by Niall MacMhuirich — was addressed to one Domhnall mac Raghnaill, Rosg Mall (" Domhnall mac Raghnaill, of the Stately Gaze "). It is possible that this may refer to the same Domhnall	Domhnall	PROPN	mac	PROPN	 mac
Turret hoists, voicepipes and electrical leads were protected by armored tubes. The lateral hydraulic pipes that ran along the underside of the gun deck were initially unprotected, but armored tubes were installed to protect them during Texas's 1902 refit. Along the center of the ship	ship	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
This was, according to Dean Reginald H. Phelps, " a bargain that simply can not be matched anywhere in the field of education. " Adding to the value, study spaces, conferences rooms, library facilities, and a dining hall were set up in Lehman	Lehman	PROPN	Hall	PROPN	 Hall
Boston College, which had been ranked No. 21 in the BCS Poll, No. 20 in the AP Poll, and No. 22 in the Coaches ' Poll, rose to No. 17 in the BCS, No. 18 in the AP Poll,	,	PUNCT	and	CCONJ	 and
Two days later, the three Erzherzog Karl class ships arrived in the port and assisted with the suppression of the mutiny. Following the restoration of order in the naval base, the armored cruisers Sankt Georg and Kaiser Karl VI were decommissioned and the three Erzherzog Karl class	class	NOUN	battleships	NOUN	 battleships
When Ranjit Singh, another Sikh chief from the Gujranwala area, took Lahore from the Bhangi Misl the Lahore Fort fell to Ranjit Singh and in 1801 he was crowned as the emperor of the Sikh Empire. The fort and the city from 1799 – 1849 remained under	under	ADP	the	DET	 the
According to The Times journalist and historian Ben Macintyre, Bond was " the ideal antidote to Britain's postwar austerity, rationing and the looming premonition of lost power ". Casino Royale deals with the question of Anglo American relations, reflecting the real world central role of	of	ADP	the	DET	 the
Once he was " free of his indentures " and had " attained his majority ", Jones secured his return to Virginia. He settled first in Fredericksburg and later relocated to Frederick County, after which on March 1, 1747, he acquired a tract of land	land	NOUN	along	ADP	 along
Together with the 5th Light Horse Regiment, attached to the New Zealand Mounted Rifles Brigade at Dueidar, to the east of Hill 70, this force was to stop or delay von Kressenstein's attack should he attempt to bypass Romani and advance directly towards the Suez Canal	Canal	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
This raid was one of several factors that led to the 1967 Six Day War. The Six Day war began when Israel launched air strikes against Egypt's air force on 5 June 1967. The war ended in an Arab defeat and Israel's occupation of several Arab	Arab	ADJ	territories	NOUN	 territories
At least ten villages were flooded during the storm. Three homes were destroyed and two more were damaged by Soudelor. A total of 42 barangays were flooded by the storm, killing 21 cows and isolating low lying areas. On July 10, a battalion from the	the	DET	army	NOUN	 army
Yankovic instead turned to various social media portals including Funny or Die and CollegeHumor which he had worked with in the past; these sites helped to cover the production cost of the videos with Yankovic foregoing any video ad revenue. He chose to distribute the videos to different	different	ADJ	portals	NOUN	 portals
According to the late Serbian ethnologist Tatomir Vukanović, Roma people in Kosovo believed that vampires were invisible to most people, but could be seen by a twin brother and sister born on a Saturday who wore their clothes inside out. Likewise, a settlement could be protected	protected	VERB	by	ADP	 by
Rollins capped his prediction by adding his first career Most Valuable Player award. According to Baseball Prospectus, the Mets ' collapse over the end of the season ranked statistically as the second worst in baseball history. After the 2007 season, Wagner also said that " [	[	X	the	DET	the
A total of 32 characters from the Ramayana were voiced in the Geet Ramayan. Madgulkar expressed the emotions of characters such as Rama, Sita, Hanuman – the monkey (vanara) god and devotee of Rama – and Lakshmana (Rama's brother); he also	also	ADV	attempted	VERB	 attempted
In the afternoon, it struck west of Houma, Louisiana, at that intensity. Less than 24 hours later, the storm rapidly weakened to a moderate tropical storm and curved west northwestward, weakening to a tropical depression on August 27 and dissipating over Texas. No	No	DET	known	VERB	 known
At first much of the cloth was shipped via Shrewsbury and London, but later the specialized Atlantic port of Bristol became the main place from which Welsh plains were shipped across the Atlantic. Over time, factors from Liverpool and Bristol took control of the trade away from	from	ADP	the	DET	 the
" Eastwood next turned his attention towards Breezy (1973), a film about love blossoming between a middle aged man and a teenage girl. During casting for the film Eastwood met Sondra Locke for the first time, an actress who would play major roles in six	six	NUM	of	ADP	 of
Over 700 visual effects shots were created in post production using a combination of motion capture and computer generated imagery to complete the film. The Incredible Hulk premiered on June 8, 2008 at the Gibson Amphitheatre in Universal City, California and was released in theaters on June	June	PROPN	13	NUM	 13
Asami states " I want to tell you everything " during the torture scene, implying she had not been truthful before. Mes also notes that avenging angel theme contradicts the interpretation of a feminist themed revenge as one of people that Asami's attacks was female. In	In	ADP	Audition	PROPN	 Audition
Due in part to the older fans, Hasbro has come to see My Little Pony as a " lifestyle " brand, with over 200 licenses in 15 categories of products, including clothing, houseware, and digital media. The brand grossed one billion USD in retail	retail	ADJ	sales	NOUN	 sales
Frustrated by the Lords ' recalcitrance, Grey suggested that the King create a sufficient number of new peers to ensure the passage of the Reform Bill. The King objected — though he had the power to create an unlimited number of peers, he had already created 22	22	NUM	new	ADJ	 new
In September 1991 Lee was one of 32 HISD schools that had capped enrollments, and excess students had to attend other schools. When Westside opened in 2000, residents of the Lee attendance boundary gained the option to attend Westside instead of Lee, with no free transportation	transportation	NOUN	provided	VERB	 provided
Excess water is diverted from the South Fork, Beaver Dam Creek, and two of its tributaries 8.6 miles (14 km) south into the Deadwood Tunnel to supplement the lake and the surrounding regions. Dead Indian Creek is also diverted into Howard Prairie Lake. About	About	ADV	21.4	NUM	 21.4
The entire Corps march past a reviewing stand, which consists of high ranking military and university officials, for inspection. The Corps then returns to their dorms to change into the uniforms they will wear the following year, with the juniors donning their Senior Boots. The	The	DET	freshmen	NOUN	 freshmen
Dreamcast would be Stolar's redemption. " Stolar has defended his decision, stating, " I felt Saturn was hurting the company more than helping it. That was a battle that we weren't going to win. " Sheffield stated that the Saturn's use of	of	ADP	quadrilaterals	NOUN	 quadrilaterals
The best known of the great Czech nationalist composer Antonín Dvořák's operas is Rusalka. In Sadko (Russian: Садко), a Russian medieval epic, the title character — an adventurer, merchant and gusli musician from Novgorod — lives for some time in the underwater	underwater	ADJ	court	NOUN	 court
His speech was regarded as controversial, as Michaels was allegedly unwilling to lose to Bret Hart at WrestleMania 13 (since it was noted that he was going to have a rematch with Hart at WrestleMania). Michaels contemplated thoughts of retirement and stated that he " had	had	VERB	to	PART	 to
A survey by the same organisation in June 2012 showed an improvement for Labour, with 32% against the Nationalists ' 45%. The same poll indicated a personal approval rating for Lamont of 9%, compared to 13% for Salmond. A poll conducted by	by	ADP	Ipsos	PROPN	 Ipsos
" In response, the Lady Managers suggested the use of the building's portal, and asked if it was possible to place a living person on the coin. Leech stated that Secretary Carlisle had selected the distaff reverse, and his determination was binding. Bosbyshell informed	informed	VERB	Leech	PROPN	 Leech
Through the half century that followed, he progressed on the statues, and by the time of his death in 1990, he had completed the group in plaster of Paris, that still needed to be bronzed before display. Shortly before his death, he told his	his	PRON	wife	NOUN	 wife
SFX ranked " Peter " among the twenty things they love about the series, calling it " the lynchpin episode on which all of Fringe rests. " Executive producers Jeff Pinkner and J.H. Wyman, and co creator J. J. Abrams later said that " Peter " was	was	AUX	one	NUM	 one
The Arab historians Ibn Wadih and al Tabari report that Yazid was dispatched by Mu ' awiya with reinforcements to Constantinople in 676, and record that Abdallah ibn Qays led a campaign in 677, whose target is unknown. At the same time, the Byzantines had to	to	PART	face	VERB	 face
Cyclone Gene continued as a Tropical Cyclone for three days before becoming an extratropical cyclone. Early on February 6 TCWC Wellington released their final advisory on tropical cyclone Gene as they declared it as extratropical. Cyclone Gene caused widespread damage to several of Fiji's main islands,	,	PUNCT	including	VERB	 including
The contest, however, was won by Mae Young. She lost the Championship on the January 31 edition of Raw to Hervina in a Lumberjill Snowbunny match, a match that took place in a snow filled pool surrounded by female wrestlers whose purpose was to keep The	The	DET	Kat	PROPN	 Kat
In an interview with PureVolume, Leto explained that the song is " about standing up and living out your dreams ". Markos Papadatos, in his review for Digital Journal, called it an " upbeat " song which " deals with one taking their own stance on	on	ADP	their	PRON	 their
It is the longest concrete cable stayed span. The sailing height is 45 metres (148 ft). The bridge was, on its completion, the longest cable stayed bridge in the world by the length of main span, but has since lost the title.	.	PUNCT	The	DET	 The
Fredericton was built with a water tube boiler. Ships built from 1939 – 1940 used a Scotch marine boiler. The revised design used a water tube boiler that had not been available earlier. These boilers subsequently became standard in future ships as they were smaller, safer	safer	ADJ	and	CCONJ	 and
Wilmore had previously guest starred in the series as Mr. Brown, the diversity instructor who gives a presentation to the office in the first season episode " Diversity Day ". The episode was originally going to be about " weight loss " and be one of the very	very	ADV	first	ADJ	 first
" Popjustice also liked the song saying " ' Fight For This Love ' is very definitely not just a Girls Aloud single with one person singing it... its one of those songs you can have on repeat for an hour and a half without getting bored. One	One	NUM	thing	NOUN	 thing
Hmeida was flag bearer for the opening ceremony. Making his Summer Olympics debut, Youba Hmeida was notable for carrying the Mauritania flag at the opening ceremony. He qualified for the Summer Olympics via a wildcard place, as his best time, 47.87 seconds at the 2001	2001	NUM	World	PROPN	 World
Organized as an independent institution legally, it replaced the first Baptist university of the same name, which had closed in 1886 due to extended financial and leadership problems. William Rainey Harper became the modern university's first president on July 1, 1891, and the university	university	NOUN	opened	VERB	 opened
By that time, however, white Americans had begun to trespass on Ho Chunk (or Winnebago) lands in large numbers, drawn by the promise of easy lead mining along the Fever (later Galena) River. Native Americans had mined this region for thousands of	of	ADP	years	NOUN	 years
For more than 40 years, Edward G. Kemp was Frank Murphy's devoted, trusted companion. Like Murphy, Kemp was a lifelong bachelor. From college until Murphy's death, the pair found creative ways to work and live together. [...] When Murphy	Murphy	PROPN	appeared	VERB	 appeared
Lisa shows up again, letting them know that she only pretended to betray them so that the publisher would type in the password. When Lisa gave Bart a hug, she replaced the executive's flash drive with Bart's flash drive that contained the troll novel.	.	PUNCT	As	ADP	 As
To many, the two became entwined. Molyneux's reputation as a dreamer was reclaimed as a positive trait in light of growing opposition to conservative game design, and the parody account became a mouthpiece for that population. The tweets contributed to Molyneux's decision to leave	leave	VERB	Microsoft	PROPN	 Microsoft
Hensley & Co. holds a seat on the board of the National Beer Wholesalers Association, and company spokesperson Douglas Yonko is the association's Arizona director. Company executives have contributed heavily to the association's funding. Hensley executives have been active in successfully convincing the Alcohol and	and	CCONJ	Tobacco	PROPN	 Tobacco
The story was first published in 1924 in Ford Madox Ford's literary magazine Transatlantic Review in Paris and republished by Boni & Liveright in Hemingway's first American volume of short stories In Our Time in 1925. Hemingway's semi autobiographical character Nick Adams — a child in	in	ADP	this	DET	 this
" In June 2008, a new poster campaign featuring Flocke was announced; its goal was strengthening public awareness of individuals ' ability to protect Earth's climate. Sponsored by the Nuremberg Zoo in conjunction with the Nuremberg Metropolitan Region, the poster showed Flocke and the phrase	phrase	NOUN	"	PUNCT	 "
The club started life in the Central Scottish Amateur league but moved to the Caledonian League in 1984 after reaching the Scottish cup final for the first time. They went on to win the Scottish cup in 1986 and in 1988 won both the Scottish cup and West of	of	ADP	Scotland	PROPN	 Scotland
Major Stephen Midgely estimated Sing's tally at close to 300 kills. Midgely had brought him to the attention of Birdwood, who in turn had told Lord Kitchener that " if his troops could match the capacity of the Queensland sniper the allied forces would soon be in	in	ADP	Constantinople	PROPN	 Constantinople
According to The Boston Globe, " Peter Sarsgaard... makes the killer's terrible trajectory not only believable, but grounded in the most mundane clodhopper behavior. He isn't a drooling monster, he's a guy you wouldn't look twice at a bar or a	a	DET	convenience	NOUN	 convenience
The claim for which Hardee was arguably best known throughout his performing life was that he was said to have " the biggest bollocks in show business " and he became renowned for a rarely performed but vividly unforgettable act in which he would use his own spectacles atop his	his	PRON	genitals	NOUN	 genitals
Mosby practiced psychological and guerrilla warfare techniques to disrupt the Union stronghold. Mosby's men never formally surrendered and were disbanded on April 21, 1865, almost two weeks after Lee had surrendered the Army of Northern Virginia to Grant. On the last day of Mosby's	's	PART	striking	ADJ	 striking
On 20 April 1792, the French National Convention declared war on Austria. In this War of the First Coalition (1792 – 1798), France ranged itself against most of the European states sharing land or water borders with her, plus Portugal and the Ottoman Empire	Empire	PROPN	.	PUNCT	.
While manufacturing declined in mid Wales after the 1860s, the weaving industry grew in villages in south west Wales, which did well until the 1920s. Skilled workers moved from mid Wales to the Teifi Valley, mainly to the area around Dre fach Felindre, Pentrecwrt,	,	PUNCT	Henllan	PROPN	 Henllan
The design work for what became the Bismarck class was begun in 1933 and continued until 1936. In June 1935, Germany signed the Anglo German Naval Agreement, which allowed Germany to build battleships at a ratio of 35 percent to the total tonnage of the Royal Navy	Navy	PROPN	.	PUNCT	.
In 943 Constantine abdicated the throne and retired to the Céli Dé (Culdee) monastery of St Andrews where he died in 952. He was succeeded by his predecessor's son Malcolm I (Máel Coluim mac Domnaill). Constantine's reign of 43 years, exceeded	exceeded	VERB	in	ADP	 in
" He also added that the third encounter with Silva was inevitable, especially after Silva signed with the UFC. Silva and Jackson had another brief altercation, this time at the UFC 92 weigh ins. After both tipping the scales, they participated in an intense staredown	staredown	NOUN	for	ADP	 for
The group wished to create a modern version of the successful Jaguar 24 Hours of Le Mans racing cars of the 1950s and ' 60s that could be entered into FIA Group B competitions. The XJ220 made use of engineering work undertaken for Jaguar's then current racing car	car	NOUN	family	NOUN	 family
Frusciante has stated that writing " By the Way [was] one of the happiest times in my life. " The album went on to sell over 8 million copies worldwide. Following a life threatening drug addiction that developed after leaving the Chili Peppers in 1992,	,	PUNCT	Frusciante	PROPN	 Frusciante
As the water exited, it deposited the lime on exterior surfaces, obscuring many of the names inscribed thereon. Poor drainage and water flows off the monument also caused significant deterioration of the platform, terrace, and stairs. The restoration project intended to address the root	root	NOUN	causes	NOUN	 causes
She never returned to parliament; she was adopted as the prospective Labour candidate for Reading, but when it became obvious that the election due for 1940 would be delayed indefinitely by war, she resigned her candidacy. In 1938, after retiring from her NUGMW post,	,	PUNCT	Bondfield	PROPN	 Bondfield
In all, more than 8,000 Americans took the field that day, including about 1,400 men from Lincoln's command that were deployed when the action became particularly fierce. The opening fire came between 2 and 2: 30 pm from the British grenadiers. Poor's men	men	NOUN	held	VERB	 held
Although Pinoy and Pinay are regarded as derogatory by some younger Filipino Americans, the terms have been widely used and have recently gained mainstream usage particularly among members of the Filipino masses and the Filipino American sector. Pinoy was created to differentiate the experiences of those immigrating to	to	ADP	the	DET	 the
This allowed The Hershey Company the opportunity to market Reese's Pieces. Science and technology educator Henry Feinberg created E.T. ' s communicator device. The film began shooting in September 1981. The project was filmed under the cover name A Boy's Life, as Spielberg did	did	AUX	not	PART	 not
Strong winds from the hurricane affected 99 counties and cities in the state, which downed thousands of trees and left about 1.8 million without power. The storm surge impacted much of the southeastern portion of the state, peaking at around 9 feet (2.7 m) in	in	ADP	Richmond	PROPN	 Richmond
" During the investigation into Irwin's disappearance and death, two widows emerged; one lived in Boston and the other lived in New York. He first married Elizabeth, the woman in Boston, in 1883. Together they had three children, including a son who	who	PRON	was	AUX	 was
At the time of its release it was the most expensive European film ever made, and it remained the highest grossing French film at the international box office until the release of The Intouchables in 2011. In 1914, aliens known as Mondoshawans arrive at an ancient Egyptian	Egyptian	ADJ	temple	NOUN	 temple
Alan dives into the water after her, blacking out as he submerges. Alan regains consciousness a week later, apparently having driven his car off the road, but with no memory of how he got there. He starts to head back towards town, but his	his	PRON	progress	NOUN	 progress
The UFOs fly through the former toll booth at the Vincent Thomas Bridge, San Pedro, California. The Gobi Desert sequence was photographed at the Dumont Dunes, California, and the Dharmsala India exteriors were filmed at the small village of Hal near Khalapur, 35 miles	miles	NOUN	(	PUNCT	 (
Devon Powters of Pop Matters said that " Eight minutes of ' Sir Psycho Sexy ' will turn RHCP's young listeners into quivering masses of hormonal jello. Oversexed lines sneak their way into ' Apache Rose Peacock '; ' Blood Sugar Sex Magik ', simply,	,	PUNCT	sounds	VERB	 sounds
Females have two openings located under the edge of the mantle in the mantle cavity: the opening of the vagina and an opening for laying eggs. The vagina accepts the sperm during copulation. The vagina is connected to the bursa copulatrix and to the spermatheca (for	for	ADP	storing	VERB	 storing
In 1986, Cockayne took a decision to alter their products for release on 16 bit machines, as he found that smaller 8 bit computers, such as the ZX Spectrum, lacked the processing power for larger strategy games. The decision was falsely interpreted as " pulling	pulling	VERB	out	ADP	 out
The current name was given in 1354 AD, as Hisar e Firoza by Firuz Shah Tughlaq, the Sultan of Delhi from 1351 to 1388. The Ghaggar and Drishadvati Rivers once flowed through the city, but they have now changed their course. Hisar has a continental	continental	ADJ	climate	NOUN	 climate
Butterfly and moth eggs come in various shapes; some are spherical, others hemispherical, conical, cylindrical or lenticular (lens shaped). Some are barrel shaped or pancake shaped, while others are turban or cheese shaped. They may be angled or depressed at both	both	DET	ends	NOUN	 ends
The mandible had a flange on each side of the front. The upper incisors were large, sharp, and slanted forwards. There was a diastema (gap) between the incisors and molars of the mandible. The lower incisors were broad, recurved, and placed	placed	VERB	in	ADP	 in
Richard Bealey J.P. was chairman of the local board until April 1876 In the same year, the parish was extended to include parts of the former township of Pilkington, formerly in the parish of Prestwich cum Oldham. Radcliffe became a part of the Municipal Borough of Bury	Bury	PROPN	in	ADP	 in
Thus the sidereal day is shorter than the stellar day by about 8.4 ms. The length of the mean solar day in SI seconds is available from the IERS for the periods 1623 – 2005 and 1962 – 2005. Apart from meteors within the atmosphere and low orbiting	orbiting	VERB	satellites	NOUN	 satellites
At this time, the storm attained its peak intensity with winds of 80 mph (130 km / h) and a minimum barometric pressure of 984 mbar (hPa; 29.06 inHg); the storm was located roughly 80 mi (130 km) southwest of Lázaro	Lázaro	PROPN	Cárdenas	PROPN	 Cárdenas
Born in Exeter around 1125, Baldwin was the son of Hugh d'Eu, Archdeacon of Totnes, and a woman of unknown name who later became a nun. Gervase of Canterbury's story that he was from an even humbler background has been shown by modern scholarship to	to	PART	stem	VERB	 stem
In 1916, the National Park Service granted a 20 year concession to the Desmond Park Service Company. It bought out or built hotels, stores, camps, a dairy, a garage, and other park services. Desmond changed its name to the Yosemite National Park	Park	PROPN	Company	PROPN	 Company
Few players of his era who were as tall and big as he was could move as fast; only Larry Brink of the Rams was close to him in proportions. In 1951, Ford married Geraldine Bledsoe Ford (1926 – 2003), who was a lawyer	lawyer	NOUN	in	ADP	 in
The Department of Mines and Resources agreed to fund the project, and citizens proceeded to lay a new road as far as the river, beginning in 1913. This road was initially known as the " Scott Highway " after lumberman William Scott. On the opposite shore	shore	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
Ramón Camps received a 25 year sentence. The trials did not focus only on the military: Mario Firmenich was captured in Brazil in 1984 and extradited to Argentina. José López Rega was extradited from Miami in 1986, because of his links with the Argentine Anticommunist Alliance	Alliance	PROPN	.	PUNCT	.
Universal's assertions in court were based not on any good faith belief in their truth, but on the mistaken belief that it could use the courts to turn a profit. Nintendo thanked John Kirby with a $30,000 sailboat christened the Donkey Kong along with " exclusive	exclusive	ADJ	worldwide	ADJ	 worldwide
The battle was fought between the 27th British Commonwealth Brigade and the North Korean 239th Regiment which was encircled east of Yongju, where it was attacking the US 187th Airborne Regimental Combat Team (US 187 RCT). On 20 October US 187 RCT had parachuted ahead of	of	ADP	the	DET	 the
In the 72nd minute, Arsenal scored a third goal, when Anelka got around Jaap Stam in the penalty box and shot the ball past goalkeeper Peter Schmeichel. Arsenal's victory marked Manchester United's first Shield defeat in 13 years. The teams later faced each other	other	ADJ	in	ADP	 in
On 30 September 1942, Gollob was officially replaced in command of JG 77 by Hauptmann Joachim Müncheberg. Gollob was then posted to the Stab of Jagdfliegerführer 3 (Jafü 3 — 3rd Fighter Pilot Leader) at Brest Guipavas on the English Channel Front. On 15 October	October	PROPN	1942	NUM	 1942
It determined that President Reagan did not have knowledge of the extent of the program, especially about the diversion of funds to the Contras, although it argued that the president ought to have had better control of the National Security Council staff. The report heavily criticized Reagan	Reagan	PROPN	for	ADP	 for
" A modern review was given by University of York Professor Judith Buchanan. Buchanan recognizes that the film's acting was commended for its action and highlights the acting of the fool, placed prominently in the foreground, and says that it seems as if he has been	been	AUX	imported	VERB	 imported
In the meantime, Brian Epstein negotiated the release of the Beatles from their recording contract with Bert Kaempfert and Polydor Records in Germany, which expired on 22 June 1962. As a part of this contract, the Beatles recorded at Polydor's Studio Rahlstedtin on 24 May	May	PROPN	1962	NUM	 1962
Individually, Último Guerrero has held the championship six times for a total of 1,923 days, the longest of any individual. The team of Último Guerrero and Dr. Wagner Jr. held the championship for seven days, the shortest reign of any championship team. Casas and Último	Último	PROPN	Guerrero	PROPN	 Guerrero
Smith reached the 1,000 yard receiving season mark for the first time in his career after Week 15 into the season. Smith was also the first Raven drafted receiver to eclipse 1,000 yards for the team. During the 2014 offseason, the Ravens signed veteran wide receiver Steve	Steve	PROPN	Smith	PROPN	 Smith
The place prospered till 1800 BC after when it was deserted. Eventually the town became covered with drift sand from the sea. Metal artifacts found in the tel were limited to copper pieces, fishing tools and a socketed spearhead; a workshop of 525 m (1,722	1,722	NUM	ft	NOUN	 ft
Each of the book's five chapters had been delivered as a one hour lecture discussing artistic portrayals of winter: its impact on culture and societies, polar exploration, and winter recreation. Each lecture was held in a different Canadian city: Montreal on October 12,	,	PUNCT	Halifax	PROPN	 Halifax
Amy and Rory have tried to adjust to normal life without travelling with the Doctor. One day billions of small black cubes appear around the globe, but they appear to be inert and invulnerable. The Doctor arrives to help, having been alerted by news stories.	.	PUNCT	UNIT	NOUN	 UNIT
The teams involved in the trade attempted to lobby the league to reverse its ruling and reconstruct the deal to no avail. On December 12, the Hornets agreed to a trade sending Paul to the Los Angeles Clippers, but the deal broke down after the NBA added	added	VERB	additional	ADJ	 additional
Another game (a prequel this time), The Nightmare Before Christmas: The Pumpkin King, was developed by Tose Co., Ltd. and was released for the Game Boy Advance in 2005. A Jack Skellington figure was released for Disney Infinity in October 2013. A	A	DET	collectible	ADJ	 collectible
Miscellaneous aircraft included two Grumman JF Duck amphibians, plus one in reserve, and three active and one spare Vought O2U Corsair observation aircraft. This amounted to 79 aircraft, plus 30 spares. In early December 1941, Lexington was ferrying 18 U.S. Marine Corps Vought SB2U	SB2U	PROPN	Vindicator	PROPN	 Vindicator
The mixing started at Chalice Recording Studios, but moved to Grohl's house as engineer Alan Moulder said it was the way " to make it sound like your garage. " Since Grohl's mixing console was not automated, at times four people — Vig, Grohl	Grohl	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
As a result a wide variety of communities, political groups, government layers, social classes, and organizations were represented. This parliament may have been the first in Europe to include women — there were seven female delegates. It took two hours of intense discussion to	to	PART	elect	VERB	 elect
Armed conflict in the eastern Slavonia, culminating in the Battle of Vukovar and a subsequent massacre, also included heavy fighting and the successful defence of Osijek and Vinkovci. The front line stabilized and a ceasefire was agreed to on 2 January 1992, coming into force the	the	DET	next	ADJ	 next
They often said that, if it came to be, the horse and rider should perish before the mochila did. The mochila was thrown over the saddle and held in place by the weight of the rider sitting on it. Each corner had a cantina, or	or	CCONJ	pocket	NOUN	 pocket
Traffic on the exit slip road leaving the M5 northbound often backed up onto the motorway, so the Highways Agency and Devon County Council made junction improvements by widening roads, introducing traffic lights and reopening the left hand lane of the northbound slip road, at a cost	cost	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
In North America, it is sometimes collected recreationally, and commercially. The taste is described as mild, and the odor as mild or aromatic. Mycologist David Arora claims the flavor to be inferior to Craterellus. Fruit bodies may be preserved by drying. The compound	compound	ADJ	polyozellin	NOUN	 polyozellin
FUNimation Entertainment released the disc on November 8, 2005, in two versions: the first subtitled as " Uncut, Uncensored and Unrated ", and the second, " Rated. " Each release has the same DVD extras, including an interview with Kevin Smith,	,	PUNCT	bloopers	NOUN	 bloopers
In an interview before a show in Auckland, New Zealand, Mustaine noted that the then upcoming record was the last one on the band's contract with Roadrunner Records and mentioned that Roadrunner was trying to give the band a " huge new deal ". However,	,	PUNCT	Mustaine	PROPN	 Mustaine
On June 10, his website released the album's track listing, which excluded tracks featuring André 3000. Of his songs with André 3000, he told GQ, " We're gonna keep one of them for the next OutKast record ". The album was	was	AUX	made	VERB	 made
One pair of northern fulmars bred as a pair in the same site for 25 years. Like the albatrosses the procellariids take several years to reach sexual maturity, though due to the greater variety of sizes and lifestyles, the age of first breeding stretches from just three	three	NUM	years	NOUN	 years
Junior Damian Saunders's outstanding play earned him a spot on the Atlantic 10 All Conference First Team. He was also named the Atlantic 10 Defensive Player of the Year. Earlier in the season, Jason Duty was nominated as a finalist for the Lowe's Senior CLASS	CLASS	PROPN	award	NOUN	 award
Although initially part of a single command structure during the Osiel era, members within Los Zetas and the Gulf Cartel began to follow orders of their respective commanders. During the 1990s and early 2000s, the Gulf Cartel " operated with a certain structure that allowed for rivalries	rivalries	NOUN	among	ADP	 among
" Bless Me Indeed (Jabez's Song) " was released as the album's lead single. The label aimed to give the band a wider appeal by capitalizing on the success of the popular book The Prayer of Jabez. The song debuted on the Radio &	&	CCONJ	Records	PROPN	 Records
Most of these are shops, but other uses include offices, restaurants and cafés, and private dwellings. The building at No. 1 Bridge Street has shops at both street and Row levels. A department store occupies the street and Row levels (and the storey	storey	NOUN	above	ADP	 above
The trial of Clay Shaw takes place in 1969. Garrison presents the court with further evidence of multiple killers and dismissing the single bullet theory, and proposes a Dealey Plaza shots scenario involving three assassins who fired six total shots and framing Oswald for the murders of Kennedy	Kennedy	PROPN	and	CCONJ	 and
Awards, the 1997 MTV Video Music Awards, and the 1997 BRIT Awards. Released as the album's second single on 14 October 1996, it became their 2nd top one single in the United Kingdom, and was certified platinum by the British Phonographic Industry (BPI	BPI	PROPN	)	PUNCT	)
on what a New Age oriented political organization should be like – what its politics should be, what its projects should be, and how its first directors should be chosen. ". The New World Alliance convened its first " governing council " meeting in New York	York	PROPN	City	PROPN	 City
The module carried the first set of six gyroscopes for attitude control. The module also carried instruments for X ray and ultraviolet astrophysical observations. The initial rendezvous of the Kvant 1 module with Mir on 5 April 1987 was troubled by the failure of the onboard control system	system	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
Within the novel Fleming uses elements that are " pure Gothic ", according to the essayist Umberto Eco. This includes the description of Mr Big's death by shark attack, in which Bond watches as " Half of The Big Man's left arm came out of	of	ADP	the	DET	 the
Later that day, the combination of increasing wind shear and cooler waters weakened the cyclone, resulting in the cloud structure to deteriorate. After the circulation became fully exposed from the convection, MFR estimated Hary became extratropical around 1200 UTC on March 13. The circulation expanded	expanded	VERB	greatly	ADV	 greatly
By the end of the 18th century, principles long adopted in Europe specified the characteristics of the Royal Navy's cannon, as well as the acceptable defects, and their severity. The United States Navy tested guns by measuring them, firing them two or three times	times	NOUN	—	PUNCT	 —
To circumvent a Philadelphia law forbidding entertainments on Sundays, he disguised his operetta numbers as liturgical pieces and advertised a " Grand Sacred Concert by M. Offenbach ". " Dis moi, Vénus " from La belle Hélène became a " Litanie ", and other equally secular	secular	ADJ	numbers	NOUN	 numbers
Females also emit a purr while incubating. Strangely, the bird appears to also use song as a password for its chicks to give it a chance to avoid cuckoo parasites. The superb fairywren is common throughout most of the relatively wet and fertile south eastern corner of	of	ADP	the	DET	 the
Cultural arts included basket weaving skills, seasonal ceremonial dancing events, female tattoos, ear and nose piercings, and other ornamentation. The Ohlone subsisted mainly as hunter gatherers and in some ways harvesters. " A rough husbandry of the land was practiced, mainly by annually	annually	ADV	setting	VERB	 setting
Not all plant parts are of equal evolutionary value, thus valuable parts contain more defenses. A plant ’ s stage of development at the time of feeding also affects the resulting change in fitness. Experimentally, the fitness value of a plant structure is determined by removing	removing	VERB	that	DET	 that
The band was forced to cancel some of these shows because of drug issues. Mustaine claimed that the group returned home because guitarist Young " ran out of heroin ", which Young denied, stating that it was Mustaine who wanted to go back to Los Angeles and	and	CCONJ	seek	VERB	 seek
Since the Johor Sultanate was established in the 16th century, it always had rulers who were recognised as such and who thus commanded people's allegiance and therefore controlled the territory where those people lived. Malaysia averred that the actions of the United Kingdom and its successor Singapore	Singapore	PROPN	in	ADP	 in
Noted residents in the Caversham area have included members of the Sidey family, several of whom were local or national politicians. Among these was Thomas Sidey, New Zealand Attorney General 1928 – 31. Sidey Park, close to the northern edge of the Caversham bypass,	,	PUNCT	and	CCONJ	 and
The theorem remains valid if the angle <formula> is obtuse so the lengths r and s are non overlapping. Pappus's area theorem is a further generalization, that applies to triangles that are not right triangles, using parallelograms on the three sides in place of	of	ADP	squares	NOUN	 squares
Crean's contributions to these expeditions sealed his reputation as a polar explorer, and earned him a total of three Polar medals. After the Endurance expedition, he returned to the navy; when his naval career ended in 1920 he moved back to County Kerry. In	In	ADP	his	PRON	 his
A lighthouse was built on Stroma in 1890 and still operates under automation. Stroma is now abandoned, with the houses of its former inhabitants unoccupied and falling into ruin. Its population fell gradually through the first half of the 20th century as inhabitants drifted away to seek	seek	VERB	opportunities	NOUN	 opportunities
Markings have a strict standard, with detailed terminology, for showing in fancy rat pet shows. However, many domestic rats are not closely bred to any color standard; many of those found in pet shops will have mismarkings from a formal breeding perspective, which are	are	AUX	defined	VERB	 defined
Jim Farber for New York Daily News said that " Rihanna pairs just as well with Nicki Minaj, on a complete tear down on the old Weather Girls disco standard ' It's Raining Men. ' Here it's not a gay song of lust but a statement	statement	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
It served the Oregon Country of the Pacific Northwest of North America from 1843 until early 1849 at a time when no country had sovereignty over the region. This democratically elected legislature became the Oregon Territorial Legislature when the territorial authorities arrived after the creation of the Oregon Territory	Territory	PROPN	by	ADP	 by
The RTC was advised by a committee of 17 people, which included actors Aidan Quinn, David Strathairn, Melissa Leo, Denny Dillon, Mandy Patinkin, radio personality Bruce Morrow, screenwriter Ron Nyswaner, and author Kim Wozencraft. The group planned to raise a total	total	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
Abe's body is immobile and vulnerable whilst possessing someone else, whereas if his host is killed, control will return to Abe's body. Along the way, the player will encounter other Mudokons that he can rescue. By holding down the GameSpeak button and pressing	pressing	VERB	various	ADJ	 various
In the earliest Brahmanic literature are found traces of the existence of a religious Order. Jains revere Vardhamana Mahāvīra (6th century BCE) as the twenty fourth tirthankara of this era. He appears in the tradition as one who, from the beginning, had followed a	a	DET	religion	NOUN	 religion
This was followed by a slow full atom refinement phase in which the orientation of the two interacting proteins relative to each other, and side chain interactions at the protein – protein interface, were simultaneously optimized to find the lowest energy conformation. The vastly increased computational power	power	NOUN	afforded	VERB	 afforded
Captain Thomas Lasky is the current captain of the UNSC Infinity. He made his debut in his origin web series Halo 4: Forward Unto Dawn portrayed by Tom Green as a young military cadet saved by the Master Chief. In Halo 4, Lasky serves as Infinity	Infinity	PROPN	's	PART	's
In 1582 he published Artes duodecim Sacramentariorum, sive Zwinglio calvinistarum (The Seven Pillars on Which Stands Catholic Doctrine on the Most Sacred Sacrament of the Altar). Both these works formed part of Skarga's dialogue with the Calvinist author Andrzej Wolan, which took the form	form	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
Georgia then steamed to the Boston Navy Yard for repairs before attending the Jamestown Exposition, which commemorated the 300th anniversary of the founding of the Jamestown colony. An international fleet that included British, French, German, Japanese, and Austro Hungarian warships joined the US Navy	Navy	PROPN	at	ADP	 at
After the bulldozer filled the crater, the force continued along Lyon Ridge but became pinned down by heavy fire from Japanese troops on Eastman Spur to the south east of the ridge. One of the Australian tanks was damaged. A subsequent attempt by a section from the	the	DET	2	NUM	 2
There, Pulaski attempted to incite a larger revolt against Russia; despite no decisive military successes, he was able to assemble a 4,000 strong army and deliver it back to a Confederate staging point. This excursion received international notice and gained him a reputation as the most	most	ADV	effective	ADJ	 effective
A minute later, West Ham went ahead again; defender Paul Konchesky received the ball on the left flank, and played a ball into the Liverpool penalty area, only to see it sail over goalkeeper Reina and into the goal. Three minutes later, Liverpool made	made	VERB	another	DET	 another
The main road through Tyldesley is the A577 which runs on the high ground along the ridge on which the town centre is situated. At the 2001 UK census, Tyldesley had a population of 34,022 and a population density of 13,789 inhabitants per square mile (5,324 /	/	SYM	km2	PROPN	 km2
" Paul predicted that " the Republicans are on their way out as a major party, " and he said that, although registered as a Republican, he had always been a Libertarian at heart. Paul returned to his private medical practice and managing several business ventures	ventures	NOUN	after	ADP	 after
Scientists have warned of the possibility, under the influence of climate change, of a sudden alteration in circulation patterns of ocean currents that could drastically alter the climate in some regions of the globe. Ten per cent of the world's population – about 600 million people	people	NOUN	–	PUNCT	 –
Later generations of Sultan Sulaiman's family were closely connected with Siamese royalty: two of Sulaiman's descendants commanded armed forces led by Prince Surasi in the 1786 conquest of Pattani; Princess Sri Sulalai, a consort of King Rama II and mother of King Rama III,	,	PUNCT	was	AUX	 was
Edward's army was proceeding northwards to engage Lancaster, having defeated his Marcher Lord allies in Wales. Lancaster fortified the bridge at Burton upon Trent, an important crossing of the River Trent, in an attempt to prevent the king from proceeding. Edward arrived at nearby	nearby	ADJ	Cauldwell	PROPN	 Cauldwell
The 2010 book The Girl in Alfred Hitchcock's Shower by Robert Graysmith contradicts this, identifying Marli Renfro as Leigh's body double for some of the shower scene's shots. A popular myth emerged that, in order for Leigh's scream in the shower to sound	sound	VERB	realistic	ADJ	 realistic
" Song filed a libel suit seeking $100,000 in damages. Song said: " As a role model to millions of young people, I feel I have to take a stand against this company in regard to its exploitation of my image. " The settlement was	was	AUX	announced	VERB	 announced
The reason was the planned expansion could not receive public grants with such a strong tie to a single club, but the state was willing to give grants to the stadium if it was controlled by the federation. In 1967, a new South Stand was opened,	,	PUNCT	and	CCONJ	 and
HuffPost TV's Crystal Bell applauded Adler " for doing such an amazing job " on the suicide scene. She stated, " I would have preferred if Karofsky's story line would have been the focus of the entire episode. " VanDerWerff commented that " as the	the	DET	show	NOUN	 show
Burt suffers a heart attack brought on by a severe arrhythmia in the third episode of the second season, " Grilled Cheesus ", and is in a coma for several days before recovering consciousness. Kurt is at his bedside when he finally wakes, and takes charge	charge	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
The battle was followed by a war for British political opinion. Within four days of the battle, the Massachusetts Provincial Congress had collected scores of sworn testimonies from militiamen and from British prisoners. When word leaked out a week after the battle that Gage was sending his	his	PRON	official	ADJ	 official
Four tropical storms from 1861 had been previously identified by scholars and hurricane experts, but three more were uncovered in modern day reanalysis. Known tracks for most of the systems are presumed to be incomplete, despite efforts to reconstruct the paths of older tropical cyclones. Three	Three	NUM	systems	NOUN	 systems
Law and order in Hyderabad city is supervised by the governor of Telangana. The jurisdiction is divided into two police commissionerates: Hyderabad and Cyberabad, which are again divided into four and five police zones respectively. Each zone is headed by a deputy commissioner. The jurisdictions	jurisdictions	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
He shot 15 of 15 after missing his first four shots. Bosh's in form streak enabled him to be selected Eastern Conference Player of the Month for January 2007. He had averaged 25.4 points and 9.1 rebounds while leading the Raptors to a 10 – 5 record	record	NOUN	in	ADP	 in
News of hostilities in the Ohio Country brought further urgency to that matter, as well as attendance at a planned conference of colonies at Albany, New York. Because of the urgency, and the support of politically powerful Maine landowners, Shirley's relationship with the provincial	provincial	ADJ	assembly	NOUN	 assembly
Her manager Larry Rudolph released a statement on March 20, 2007, saying that she " successfully complet [ed] their program. " The M + M's Tour was the fifth concert tour by Britney Spears. She started rehearsing for a show at House of	of	ADP	Blues	PROPN	 Blues
All road names include the quadrant abbreviation to indicate their location and house numbers generally correspond with the number of blocks away from the Capitol. Most streets are set out in a grid pattern with east – west streets named with letters (e.g., C Street SW)	)	PUNCT	,	PUNCT	,
It set the tone for much of the socialist and activist history written about the WSPU and particularly solidified Emmeline Pankhurst's reputation as an unreasonable autocrat. Christabel's " Unshackled: The Story of How We Won the Vote, " released in 1959, paints her mother	mother	NOUN	as	ADP	 as
On 10 November 2006, after five hours of deliberations, the jury cleared them of all charges. They were met outside the court by about 200 supporters, who Griffin addressed with a megaphone. He attacked Tony Blair and the BBC, and defended the BNP's	's	PART	right	NOUN	 right
The Doctor, Amy, and Rory soon find the TARDIS has also disappeared, and the Doctor warns them from opening any door they are drawn to, for fear of being possessed. As the Doctor tries to ascertain the situation, the group is thrown into panic	panic	NOUN	when	SCONJ	 when
However, some researchers have hypothesized that the reason the proportion of fatalities is low is not because sharks do not like human flesh, but because humans are often able to escape after the first bite. In the 1980s, John McCosker, Chair of Aquatic Biology at	at	ADP	the	DET	 the
It took place on April 6, 2014, at the Mercedes Benz Superdome in New Orleans, Louisiana. It was the first WWE event simultaneously broadcast live on pay per view television and WWE's new streaming media service, the WWE Network. Seven professional wrestling matches	matches	NOUN	were	AUX	 were
Rookie John Timu, who had been on special teams and the practice squad until becoming a starter for the final three games, recorded 25 tackles and two fumble recoveries. For the cornerbacks, of the eight interceptions, Kyle Fuller led the Bears with two. Rookie	Rookie	PROPN	Harold	PROPN	 Harold
er … April. 1990 we're in, now. Then nothing happens for a year really. " So it doesn't have vocals at this stage? " No. " Does it have words? " No. " Does it even have a title?	?	PUNCT	"	PUNCT	 "
The subfamilies of Dromaeosauridae frequently shift in content based on new analysis, but typically consist of the following groups. A number of dromaeosaurids have not been assigned to any particular subfamily, often because they are too poorly preserved to be placed confidently in phylogenetic analysis (see	see	VERB	section	NOUN	 section
The remaining two original members, Tony Iommi and Geezer Butler, began auditioning new singers for the band's next release. Samson's Nicky Moore, and Lone Star's John Sloman were considered. The band settled on former Deep Purple vocalist Ian Gillan to replace Ronnie	Ronnie	PROPN	James	PROPN	 James
Parker and fellow co creator Matt Stone conceive, write and produce most South Park episodes within a week of their broadcast date in order to maintain a sense of energy and timeliness. The idea for " 200 ", however, was conceived before the fourteenth season began	began	VERB	in	ADP	 in
Gardnerian Wicca revolved around the veneration of both a Horned God and a Mother Goddess, the celebration of eight seasonally based festivals in a Wheel of the Year and the practice of magical rituals in groups known as covens. Gardnerianism was subsequently brought to the U.S. in the	the	DET	early	ADJ	 early
Major General John Numbi, former Air Force chief, now inspector general of police, ran a parallel chain of command in the east to direct the 2009 Eastern Congo offensive, Operation Umoja Wetu; the regular chain of command was by passed. Previously Numbi negotiated the	the	DET	agreement	NOUN	 agreement
There have been only five amendments to the UN Charter since 1945, and none of them were done through the Article 109 process. Louis Sohn and Grenville Clark, in their 1958 book World Peace Through World Law, proposed establishing a UN Parliamentary Assembly through this method	method	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
The nest is constructed of twigs, and lined with bark, pine needles, corn cobs, husks, stalks, aspen catkins, or other plant lining matter. Great horned owls compete with the red tailed hawk for nest sites. Each species has been known to	to	PART	kill	VERB	 kill
Key Host venue The competition consisted of two semi finals and a final, a format which has been in use since 2008. The ten countries with the highest scores in each semi final qualified to the final where they joined the host nation Denmark and the five main	main	ADJ	sponsoring	VERB	 sponsoring
When the show closed Formby was disappointed, and vowed never to appear in another stage musical. The year 1958 was professionally quiet for him; in addition to Beside the Seaside, he also worked in one off appearances in three television shows. He began 1959 by	by	ADP	appearing	VERB	 appearing
This is most obvious in those Kiarostami films that recall specific texts of Persian poetry more or less explicitly: Where's the Friend's Home? and The Wind will Carry Us. The characters recite poems mainly from classical Persian poet Omar Khayyám or modern Persian poets Sohrab	Sohrab	PROPN	Sepehri	PROPN	 Sepehri
The film takes a four dimensionalists view of the nature and existence of life in the universe. Each decision thus branching off creating an entirely separate alternative universe. Mr. Nobody raises many ontological arguments about the subjective nature of time. How actions have universal consequences, how	how	SCONJ	the	DET	 the
The pilot's controls moved the ring in relation to the rest of the craft, affecting the airflow moving outward from the center of the craft. Vertical lift could be increased by moving the entire ring down, which would produce more airflow over its upper surface,	,	PUNCT	which	PRON	 which
The series was released on Blu ray in Japan on November 26, 2014. An Internet radio show hosted by the members of I My Me Mine to promote the anime called Shimoshina Seitokai no Himegoto Radio (霜科生徒会のひめゴトラジオ, Shimoshina Student Council's Himegoto Radio) broadcast 24	24	NUM	episodes	NOUN	 episodes
To accomplish this feat, he taught school during the winter months, and worked the family's farm during the growing season. Monroe studied surveying and began his career in public service as the county surveyor for Hampshire County. During his tenure, he surveyed the majority	majority	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
On leaving the burrow, they are wary of other families, and adults may catch other adults ' offspring and feed them to their own, but do not normally attack their own children. Members of each social group recognise each other using pheromones. Each pair only	only	ADV	produces	VERB	 produces
The meaning is not known. Archaeological evidence points to river navigation as far back as the Iron Age. Artefacts such as the Witham Shield and Fiskerton Boat have been recovered and are on display at the British Museum in London or The Collection in Lincoln. The Witham	Witham	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
The single peaked at number four on the Billboard Hot 100. The music video portrayed Madonna dancing in front of a white background, accompanied by her dancers. After the video was released, Madonna's style and mannerisms became a fashion trend among the younger generation.	.	PUNCT	Scholars	NOUN	 Scholars
The episode was also the highest ranked NBC series of the night, and it received moderately positive reviews from critics with one main detractor; many reviewers enjoyed the character interaction and development, although Alan Sepinwall derided the entry for being dull. Michael Scott (Steve Carell	Carell	PROPN	)	PUNCT	)
Many locations where suicide is common have constructed barriers to prevent it; this includes the Luminous Veil in Toronto, the Eiffel Tower in Paris and Empire State Building in New York City. As of 2011, a barrier is being constructed for the Golden Gate Bridge.	.	PUNCT	They	PRON	 They
In the 1990s, the 767 became the most frequently used airliner for transatlantic flights between North America and Europe. The 767 is the first twinjet wide body type to reach 1,000 aircraft delivered. As of June 2016, Boeing has received 1,170 orders for the 767 from	from	ADP	74	NUM	 74
However, road and railway communications often get disrupted in the monsoons because of landslides. The nearest airport is Bagdogra Airport, located 90 km (56 mi) from Darjeeling. Within the town, people usually traverse by walking. Residents also use two wheelers and hired	hired	VERB	taxis	NOUN	 taxis
" According to Russian expert Anton Lavrov, on 8 August, Russian and South Ossetian troops deployed in South Ossetia were unaware that Russian aviation was involved in the war. Russian troops and South Ossetians often assessed Russian aircraft as hostile and fired at them before precise identification	identification	NOUN	took	VERB	 took
Iron Duke returned to Scapa Flow, arriving at 11: 30. Over the course of the battle, Iron Duke had fired ninety rounds from her main battery, along with fifty rounds from her secondary guns. On 18 August, the Germans again sortied, this	this	DET	time	NOUN	 time
If you ’ re happy with your current iPad, there ’ s no reason to dump it just because there ’ s a shinier, newer one. (This is not to say that millions of people won ’ t do just that. I mean: shiny	shiny	ADJ	!	PUNCT	!
An unnamed police officer said that the government should have depended on human resources to alleviate the problems and that the system of rescue was disorganized. Colombia's Minister of Defense, Miguel Uribe, said he " understood criticism of the rescue effort ", but said that	that	SCONJ	Colombia	PROPN	 Colombia
The Germans had lost 700 – 800 casualties and 8 – 20 tanks, including several Tigers. British casualties were light and only three tanks were lost. Reynolds called the German casualty figures " exaggerated " and in his report, Hinde wrote " It is questionable whether	whether	SCONJ	the	DET	 the
These detailed unlawful killings and other abuses made by Abir and Leopold II was embarrassed into instituting reforms. These began with the appointment of American Richard Mohun by Leopold II as director of Abir. However, rubber exports continued to fall and rebellions increased, resulting in the	the	DET	Free	PROPN	 Free
The term " Obamacare " was originally coined by opponents of the Affordable Care Act as a pejorative term for the law. The term was first put in print in March 2007 when healthcare lobbyist Jeanne Schulte Scott penned it in a health industry journal, writing " We	We	PRON	will	AUX	 will
The Auxois is known for its power and docility, having a calm and gentle temperament. Like the Ardennais, it is an easy keeper, able to survive outdoors in all seasons, even in the harsh climatic conditions sometimes seen in Morvan and Nievre. The majority	majority	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
In 2000, Colbert and the other Daily Show writers were the recipients of three Emmy Awards as writers for The Daily Show and again in 2005 and 2006. In 2005 he was nominated for a Satellite Award for his performance on The Colbert Report and again in 2006	2006	NUM	.	PUNCT	.
Jack Seale, of the Radio Times, said that viewers would " marvel at how [the writers could] pepper the elegant script with gags without breaking the spell ". Dessau also felt that the script was " great ", and commented on a " particularly	particularly	ADV	pithy	ADJ	 pithy
Cao was promoted to general and assumed command of the new IV Corps Tactical Zone, which included the area of operations of his 7th Infantry Division. Command of the 7th was given to Cao's chief of staff, Colonel Bùi Đình Đạm. Dam expressed concerns about	about	ADP	his	PRON	 his
It was one of the many disputes between the Jesuits and the Dominicans in China and elsewhere in Asia, including Japan and India. The controversy embroiled leading European universities; the Qing dynasty's Kangxi Emperor and several popes (including Clement XI and Clement XIV) considered	considered	VERB	the	DET	 the
Reportedly, O'Leary had made his advance on the second barricade " intent upon killing another German to whom he had taken a dislike ". Having disabled both guns and enabled the recapture of the British position, O'Leary then returned to his unit with his prisoners, apparently	apparently	ADV	"	PUNCT	 "
As a result, no member of the squad — Bradman included — played in more than 23 of the first class matches. Thus, the vice captain Hassett led the Australians in nine tour matches while Bradman was rested, and maintained the unbeaten run in all of	of	ADP	them	PRON	 them
The source code for all four games is distributed upon request in CD R format. A source code mirror is hosted on GitHub. An all ages version, titled To Heart 2 Portable, was released for the PlayStation Portable on July 30, 2009. Unlike previous	previous	ADJ	releases	NOUN	 releases
Harvey, concerned that their yelling would draw unwanted attention from the police, asked them to quiet down. Harvey, who had remained silent about the incident out of respect for his English nobleman father, Arthur Vere Harvey, gave an affidavit after his father's death	death	NOUN	in	ADP	 in
The western portion of begins at Tipton at a junction with State Route 99 and heads east towards Porterville before ending at Quaking Aspen in the Sequoia National Forest. The eastern portion begins at US 395 at Olancha, heads east through Death Valley National Park, and ends	ends	VERB	at	ADP	 at
Despite this setback, the war was turning increasingly in favour of the Royalists. The early months of 1643 saw a " crushing " defeat of the Parliamentarians at the Battle of Adwalton Moor, while the Battle of Roundway Down left Parliament without an effective army in the	the	DET	west	NOUN	 west
Although they initially populated the mining centers of western Borneo and Bangka Island, Hakkas became attracted to the rapid growth of Batavia and West Java in the late 19th century. Cantonese people, like the Hakka, were well known throughout Southeast Asia as mineworkers. Their migration	migration	NOUN	in	ADP	 in
It is about how a man and woman react to situations. [..] You can not really get very different with the characters, but you can put them against a different background ". The film was well received by both critics and audiences, and the	the	DET	following	VERB	 following
A sharp rise in nationalism in Scotland during the late 1960s fuelled demands for some form of home rule or complete independence, and in 1969 prompted the incumbent Labour government of Harold Wilson to set up the Kilbrandon Commission to consider the British constitution. One of the principal	principal	ADJ	objectives	NOUN	 objectives
Most galaxies in the Universe are gravitationally bound to a number of other galaxies. These form a fractal like hierarchical distribution of clustered structures, with the smallest such associations being termed groups. A group of galaxies is the most common type of galactic cluster, and these	these	DET	formations	NOUN	 formations
The decision to use English speaking actors was made early. Since the film would be very visual, the director wanted audiences to be able to focus on the images, and not have to rely on subtitles. He later expressed his approval of the use of dubbed	dubbed	VERB	voice	NOUN	 voice
Initial reviews of the Blu ray Disc release criticized poor image quality, leading many to call for it to be remastered, as Sony did with The Fifth Element in 2007. A remastered version was later released in 2010. The DVD editions that have been released since	since	SCONJ	the	DET	 the
After the initial investigation, Dixit analyses the underlying trend in Mr. A's heists. As per his analysis, a theft in one of two famous Mumbai city museums will follow. However, Dixit realizes that the artifact in the museum he is guarding happens to be	be	AUX	imperfect	ADJ	 imperfect
I'm very shy socially ". In 2003, the celebrity biographer Cliff Goodwin wrote an unauthorised biography of the actress, titled Catherine Zeta Jones: The Biography, but the publication was indefinitely postponed after her lawyers threatened legal action. Zeta Jones ' films that have	have	AUX	earned	VERB	 earned
" Josephson delivered the Pollock Memorial Lecture in 2006, the Hermann Staudinger Lecture in 2009 and the Sir Nevill Mott Lecture in 2010. Matthew Reisz wrote in Times Higher Education in 2010 that Josephson has long been one of physics ' " more colourful figures. " His	His	PRON	support	NOUN	 support
The left thigh bone of the individual measures 103 cm in length, but shows an average diameter of only 11 cm. The skull, measuring 59.6 cm (23.5 in) in length, was proportionally shorter and deeper than in any other large carnivorous dinosaur. The	The	DET	snout	NOUN	 snout
(This scene is largely patterned after a climactic scene in the 1980 film Altered States). He escapes from the comic book by becoming human and stands up. Smiling, the girl runs towards him and he embraces her. The video story is effectively concluded in	in	ADP	the	DET	 the
In captivity, platypuses have survived to 17 years of age, and wild specimens have been recaptured when 11 years old. Mortality rates for adults in the wild appear to be low. Natural predators include snakes, water rats, goannas, hawks, owls, and	and	CCONJ	eagles	NOUN	 eagles
The iron gate at the entrance of the underground magazine rooms can still be seen at the base of the park. As part of Major Roger Kellsall's recommendations, another site to the north eastern side of Hobart Town was to be used for an additional fortification.	.	PUNCT	This	DET	 This
These two battalions, the 2nd Battalion, commanded by Izzet Bey, of about 600 men and the 3rd Battalion, commanded by Rushti Bey, were supported by a dismounted camel company and two squads from the 80th Machine Gun Company. (The remainder squads of the	the	DET	80th	ADJ	 80th
These coal measures form part of the East Fife coalfield and prior to 1962 the deposits there were to be worked by the Rothes Colliery, until it was found that there were severe issues with water penetration and subsequent flooding. Smaller limestone coal outcrops that had been historically	historically	ADV	worked	VERB	 worked
Blaine had denied any interest in the nomination months before his resignation, but some of his friends, including Senator Matthew Quay of Pennsylvania and James S. Clarkson, chairman of the Republican National Committee, took it for false modesty and worked for his nomination anyway. When	When	SCONJ	Blaine	PROPN	 Blaine
An exhibition in 2006 at the Prado and the Reina Sofía showed The Third of May, Guernica, and the Execution of the Emperor Maximilian in the same room. Also in the room was Picasso's Massacre in Korea, painted in 1951 during the Korean War —	—	PUNCT	an	DET	 an
Facing Lake Superior State University in the NCAA final, Kariya registered three assists in the third period to help Maine overcome a two goal deficit; they won the game 5 – 4. A top prospect heading into the off season, Kariya was projected to be selected	selected	VERB	between	ADP	 between
The Building Commission also stipulated that parts of the unfinished, current capitol were to be used in the new capitol. The General Assembly had appropriated $4 million for the construction of the capitol. It did not limit the total amount to be used in furnishing the	the	DET	building	NOUN	 building
She was laid down as the passenger liner Kashiwara Maru (橿原丸), but was purchased by the IJN in 1941 while under construction and converted into an aircraft carrier. Completed in May 1942, the ship participated in the Aleutian Islands Campaign the following month and in	in	ADP	several	ADJ	 several
These shots were the signal for ground troops to begin their assault on the installation; though the first German ground attack in the Battle of Westerplatte was repelled shortly thereafter. A second assault began later that morning, again supported by Schleswig Holstein, though it too had	had	AUX	failed	VERB	 failed
Jones also chaired the Chairman of the Health Professions Subcommittee. Among the proposals Jones sponsored or co sponsored in the Georgia House was a bill to remove the Confederate battle flag emblem from Georgia State flag, and a bill that would have banned minors from purchasing music with	with	ADP	explicit	ADJ	 explicit
It debuted on Billboard's Modern Rock Tracks chart in the issue dated September 22, 2001 at number 36, before gradually rising to a peak of position seven in the issue dated November 24, 2001. The single spent 26 weeks on the chart as a whole	whole	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
He was promoted to brigadier general later that year and made head of the Requirements Division in 1943. He held this office only briefly, before being assigned as assistant commander of the US 44th Infantry Division, under Major General James I. Muir in late 1943. The	The	DET	division	NOUN	 division
– and performance after performance was given and asked for. " Wood kept the secret for five years before revealing the truth. The press treated the deception as a great joke; The Times entered into the spirit of it with a jocular tribute to the lamented Klenovsky	Klenovsky	PROPN	.	PUNCT	.
France, meanwhile, was upset that British troops had not evacuated the island of Malta. In May 1803, Britain declared war on France. With the resumption of hostilities, Napoleon (proclaimed Emperor in 1804) planned an invasion of England, spending the better part	part	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
Meanwhile, Seacrest was monitoring the ship's fire control console, which graphically displayed the relative position, bearing, and speed of any sonar contacts in the area. Seacrest had been monitoring three contacts on his screens, S 12, S 13 (Ehime Maru)	)	PUNCT	,	PUNCT	,
If the estimates were correct, reasoning went, it would be cheaper to run the zoos than to shut them down. By the start of the new fiscal year in July 2003, the approved budget restored a reduced funding level to the affected WCS facilities. To	To	PART	keep	VERB	 keep
Regensburg and her torpedo boats were ordered to join the attack, but the I Scouting Group had passed in front of his ships, and he realized the British had turned away, which put them out of range of his torpedoes. Having successfully disengaged, Scheer ordered	ordered	VERB	Regensburg	PROPN	 Regensburg
Kelley was named Orioles ' captain and received some stock in the team. McGraw, player manager of the Orioles, resigned from the team to take over as manager of the New York Giants on July 7, 1902. In his absence, Kelley and Wilbert Robinson	Robinson	PROPN	took	VERB	 took
Soon after, Carey flew to Capri, Italy for a period of five months, in which she began writing material for her new album, stemming from all the personal experiences she had endured throughout the past year. Additionally, she founded her own label modeled after	after	ADP	her	PRON	 her
Mirkin also said Neill was " really game " and did " a terrific job " on the episode. Neill considers recording this episode to be a " high point " of his career. One scene of the episode features Kent Brockman reporting on the burglaries. Mirkin	Mirkin	PROPN	said	VERB	 said
However, records of the time show that a great number of local nobles held political and religious offices in Raetia, indicating that the Romans successfully co opted the local elite. Testaments of Roman culture such as baths, floor heating and imported goods (pottery, glass	glass	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
Agence France Presse wrote that as a result, it was a " harsher " parody in comparison to the parodies on the show of people that have provided their own voices. The Daily Mail described Bruni's portrayal in the episode as a " sex mad femme fatale	fatale	NOUN	"	PUNCT	 "
The federal Public Works Administration rejected loan and grant requests for that project. A second, direct crossing was then proposed based on designs used for the Tacoma Narrows Bridge. The collapse of that bridge and World War II delayed any further work on a structure beyond tests	tests	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
The first song, " I Should Be So Lucky " is a dance pop oriented song, which features elements of bubblegum pop and new wave music. According to the music sheet on MusicNotes.com, which was published by Universal Music Publishing Group, the song is set	set	VERB	in	ADP	 in
In addition, he had run each quarter mile faster than before, with times of 25 1 ⁄ 5, 24, 23 4 ⁄ 5, 23 2 ⁄ 5, and 23 seconds. Sham maintained his stride and crossed the line in second place, eight	eight	NUM	lengths	NOUN	 lengths
The parachute fragmentation (parafrag) bomb gave the light bombers increased accuracy for close air support missions. Although the B 25 Mitchell was originally designed to bomb from medium altitudes in level flight, Major Paul " Pappy " Gunn had additional guns installed in the nose of	of	ADP	the	DET	 the
Seventeen members of the company came from prominent families in Indiana and Illinois. The company had capital of more than $1 million. Hinde was one of the company's first nine directors and remained active until his death. The company charter was eventually approved by both	both	CCONJ	the	DET	 the
" Bill Dana said Armstrong " had a mind that absorbed things like a sponge. " Those who flew for the Air Force tended to have a different opinion, especially people like Yeager and Pete Knight, who did not have engineering degrees. Knight said that pilot	pilot	NOUN	engineers	NOUN	 engineers
In January 2008, Valve spokesman Doug Lombardi told Eurogamer, " There'll be more Portal, for sure ", and Portal designer Kim Swift confirmed that work on Portal 2 would begin the following month. Swift said multiplayer Portal was technically possible, but that it	it	PRON	was	AUX	 was
Alonso convinced Arteta to transfer to Everton after he told him how happy he was living in Liverpool. Alonso also helped persuade former Real Sociedad teammate Juan Ugarte to make a move to Wales by joining Wrexham in 2004. His brother, Mikel Alonso, plays for Spanish	Spanish	ADJ	team	NOUN	 team
Some commentators regard the diary as a warning against uncritical acceptance of information from sources whose motives and reliability can not be checked. Institutional authority is portrayed as self serving and incompetent. The book is also known to have some connections to the sixth novel of the series	series	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
When asked whether they have " seen or heard traces of atheism in [their] locality, community, and society " only about 3% to 8% responded yes in all the countries surveyed. The only exception was the UAE, with 51%. A	A	DET	study	NOUN	 study
" Writing in the Marburg Journal of Religion, Marco Frenschkowski of the University of Mainz described the book as a " melancholy tale about interplanetary travel and the effects of time dilation ". University of California, Irvine physics professor and science fiction author Gregory Benford wrote positively	positively	ADV	of	ADP	 of
With McGraw remaining in Baltimore, Hanlon named Kelley team captain. The Superbas won the NL pennant in 1899 and 1900, as Kelley finished tenth in RBI (93), OBP (.410), and tied several players for tenth in home runs (6)	)	PUNCT	in	ADP	 in
The lightning team had to rehearse for a month to prepare. The tour was also the first to use the touring version of the PRG Virtuoso V676 console to control the system, which was used from the beginning of the European leg until the end of the tour	tour	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
Digital download " What's My Name? " (featuring Drake) – 4: 24 Digital Remixes EP " What's My Name? " (Low Sunday Up On It Extended) – 5: 03 " What's My Name? " (Low Sunday Up	Up	ADP	On	ADP	 On
The seventh match pitted America's Most Wanted (Chris Harris and James Storm) against the 3Live Kru (B.G. James and Konnan), who were accompanied by Ron Killings. The duration of the contest was 6 minutes and 54 seconds. Storm gained a near fall	fall	NOUN	after	ADP	 after
He leaves Riana's house and moves in with his parents, trying to tell them the truth, but once again is overpowered by his father. Two days later, during a family dinner, Rahul angrily divulges the complete truth to his in denial parents and their	their	PRON	business	NOUN	 business
The gap on percussion was filled by Greg Welts, who was affectionately known as " Cuddles. " In early 1998, Slipknot produced a second demo featuring five tracks exclusively for record labels. The band began to receive a lot of attention from record labels, and	and	CCONJ	in	ADP	 in
IGN UK and Australia, however, did not find such a bug, giving Overlord a higher score of 8.1 and 8.0. GameSpot had a similar issue over the poor camera control in the PC version, at first rating it with a 6.0, but re rated	rated	VERB	the	DET	 the
The producers of The Last Broadcast have denied that Cannibal Holocaust was a major influence. Nonetheless, the film was cited by director Paco Plaza as a source of inspiration for the found footage films REC and REC 2. Cannibal Holocaust has been regarded as the apex of	of	ADP	the	DET	 the
He was known for roles in British comedy television series such as Porridge, The Two Ronnies and Open All Hours. Barker began acting in repertory theatre and decided he was best suited to comic roles. He had his first success at the Oxford Playhouse and in roles	roles	NOUN	in	ADP	 in
But it was my emotions I heard in his voice. Just like I always had. " Music historians Schinder and Schwartz, writing of the transformation in popular music styles that took place between the 1950s and the 1960s, say that the Beatles ' influence can not	not	PART	be	AUX	 be
Despite having a 3.03 ERA (precisely the same as his 1885 performance), Getzein won a career high 30 victories against 11 losses. Getzein was not the Wolverines ' leading pitcher in 1886, as teammate Lady Baldwin led the National League with 42 wins. The	The	DET	1886	NUM	 1886
Thelwall's monument is one of the few in Oxford to include kneeling figures. There are painted glass windows in memory of Llewellyn Thomas (by Charles Kempe), of Charles Williams (by Clayton and Bell), of Samuel Morris, a victim of the sinking	sinking	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
She was with the team during the 2011 IBSA Africa Oceania Goalball Regional Champions, which served as the Paralympic qualifying tournament. In her first game against New Zealand, her team won 11 4 after leading 7 1 at the half. She scored three goals in the	the	DET	team	NOUN	 team
The audio version Live was later serviced to digital retailers for music download. Live received generally negative reviews from music critics. Stephen Thomas Erlewine from Allmusic criticized Usher's " tired and weary " live sound, although he praised the remixed songs at the end of the	the	DET	album	NOUN	 album
Numerous breed registries did so. In the course of this research, she also studied the phenomenon of chimerism, which sometimes created inconsistent results in parentage testing. By the late 1990s, as the science of parentage testing evolved, she researched the effectiveness of DNA typing	typing	NOUN	and	CCONJ	 and
Hassett continued his liking for the Queensland attack, scoring 104 and 205 in Victoria ’ s two matches against their northern opponents for the year. Victoria did not do so well as a team, winning two and losing one of the six matches in which Hassett played	played	VERB	,	PUNCT	,
This is a deliberate reference to the number 1013, which frequently appeared in The X Files, where Vince Gilligan worked as a writer and producer and Bryan Cranston as an actor. It refers to the name of X Files creator Chris Carter's production company Ten Thirteen	Thirteen	PROPN	Productions	PROPN	 Productions
Marines in the battalion were also awarded one Medal of Honor and seven Navy Crosses during the war. Following World War II, 3rd Battalion was disbanded until 1951, when it was reformed in California. The battalion was alerted for possible deployment during the 1956 Suez War	War	PROPN	and	CCONJ	 and
1747) was one of the finest buildings at the time. The White House is more neoclassical than Palladian; particularly the South façade, which closely resembles James Wyatt's 1790 design for Castle Coole, also in Ireland. Castle Coole is, in the words of	of	ADP	the	DET	 the
Castiel tortures the demon who tells them where to find Meg, but kills her before she can reveal the truth to Sam and Dean. Castiel heads off alone and rescues Meg who explains what the demons really want. While Naomi initially wants her killed to prevent that	that	SCONJ	,	PUNCT	,
Al Talaba won the third place play off against Al Zawra ' a 4 – 2 on penalties after a 1 – 1 draw. Al Talaba maintained their performance in the 2005 – 06 Iraqi Premier League by finishing the first phase as the leaders of Group Four with	with	ADP	24	NUM	 24
She stated " I look back at the 20 years behind me and I realized that a lot of things that I'd valued weren't important ", in response to the non materialistic themes of the record. Discussing the album, Madonna said about " American Life	Life	PROPN	"	PUNCT	 "
The New York City Subway system is infested with rats. Rats are sometimes seen on platforms, and are commonly seen foraging through garbage thrown onto the tracks. They are believed to pose a health hazard, and on rare instances have been known to bite humans.	.	PUNCT	Subway	NOUN	 Subway
Wills, too, saw the need for compromise. He wrote to his brother Horace: " Rugby was not a game for us, we wanted a winter pastime but men could be harmed if thrown on the ground so we thought differently. " Thompson and Hammersley	Hammersley	PROPN	's	PART	's
Miller settled in quickly, hitting his second ball through the covers for four and moved to 49 in 49 minutes. He brought up his half century by lifting Hollies straight back into the crowd. Three balls later, he hit another ball to the same point.	.	PUNCT	At	ADP	 At
One salvo penetrated the ship's ammunition magazines and a massive explosion destroyed the cruiser. By 19: 24, the 3rd Battlecruiser Squadron had formed up with Beatty's remaining battlecruisers ahead of the German line. The leading British ships spotted Lützow and Derfflinger and began firing	firing	VERB	on	ADP	 on
In addition, personnel from the battalion were detailed to unload stores. Sandover regarded the lack of opposition as fortunate, as the landing craft which were to carry the soldiers from the ships to the shore arrived late and he perceived that the RAAF had failed to provide	provide	VERB	adequate	ADJ	 adequate
The two men briefly conversed before Derrick excused himself, fearing that he had not much time left and wishing to see the padre. Stepping back, Whitehead saluted and sent for Father Arch Bryson. At the hospital, surgeons found that bullets had torn away much of	of	ADP	Derrick	PROPN	 Derrick
The current was mechanically keyed to send the word " NAVY " in Morse Code. A ship received by a pair of induction coils hung on opposite sides of the ship, and fed through an amplifier into a headset (see diagram, below). By switching	switching	VERB	between	ADP	 between
Cary Elwes as Dr. Lawrence Gordon Leigh Whannell as Adam Stanheight Tobin Bell as John Kramer Danny Glover as David Tapp Monica Potter as Alison Gordon Michael Emerson as Zep Hindle Ken Leung as Detective Steven Sing Makenzie Vega as Diana Gordon Shawnee Smith as Amanda Young Dina Meyer as	as	ADP	Detective	PROPN	 Detective
The single " 4 Walls ", meanwhile, peaked at numbers two on the Gaon Digital Chart and the Billboard World Digital Songs. South Korea based girl group f (x) had been known as a five member girl group, with its original lineup consisting of	of	ADP	members	NOUN	 members
As a secular piece the cup would be an almost unique survival at this level of quality, " the one representative left to us of medieval secular plate in its most sumptuous development ". Although French plate in silver and gold was made in great quantities, and	and	CCONJ	at	ADP	 at
" Neil Drumming of Entertainment Weekly wrote that, " While Jay Z does not make the ambitious leap of trying to write from Lucas ' point of view, he does use the film's story and period vibe to color his own elaborate legend. On ' American	American	PROPN	Dreamin	PROPN	 Dreamin
The entire route, consisting of two lanes for two way traffic, traverses on the flat land in the Fish Lake Valley east of the White Mountains, and it can serve as transportation of agricultural goods between California and Nevada via the route's only junction State Route	Route	PROPN	168	NUM	 168
Seventeen minutes later, at 9: 03 a.m. (EDT), a second group of terrorists crashed the hijacked United Airlines Flight 175 into the southern facade of the South Tower, striking between the 77th and 85th floors. By 9: 59 a.m. (EDT)	)	PUNCT	,	PUNCT	,
The double burden is usually view as a primary problem for single women or married women. However, it is often less recognized that men can and often do go through the same trials and hard times as a parent trying to balance work and the family. Within	Within	ADP	the	DET	 the
Minnehaha Park lies within the Mississippi National River and Recreation Area, a unit of the National Park Service. The park was designed by landscape architect Horace W.S. Cleveland in 1883 as part of the Grand Rounds Scenic Byway system, and was part of the popular steamboat Upper	Upper	PROPN	Mississippi	PROPN	 Mississippi
The flight ran out of fuel before it was able to make a second landing attempt. The airplane crashed approximately 20 miles (32 km) from JFK. Hundreds of emergency personnel responded to the crash site and helped save victims. Many of those who survived were	were	AUX	severely	ADV	 severely
Yet the small European population and the rapid turnover of staff in local industries continued to limit the manpower available, while the Army preferred to recruit permanent residents such as planters and traders, who represented an even smaller minority. In order to increase the number of personnel	personnel	NOUN	available	ADJ	 available
A parliamentary inquiry and media reports indicated that the Indigenous traditional owners of Muckaty Station were divided over whether it should host a radioactive waste facility. Some members of the Ngapa clan supported hosting the facility, while other traditional owners of Muckaty opposed it. There were also	also	ADV	claims	VERB	 claims
Thus, the exact position of most osteoderms is uncertain. A pair of closely spaced spikes was found articulated with a tail tip, and a number of spikes were found apparently regularly spaced in pairs along the path of an articulated tail. Hennig and Janensch, while	while	SCONJ	grouping	VERB	 grouping
Wood briefly attended Cary Elementary, a public school in Cary, North Carolina. She was subsequently home schooled and received her high school diploma at age 15. Wood began her career appearing in several made for television films from 1994 onward, also playing an occasional role	role	NOUN	in	ADP	 in
Johnson made another alteration to his units operations. He loathed ground attack missions which highly trained fighter pilots were forced to participate in. He abandoned ground attack missions whenever he could. During these weeks, Johnson's wing escorted United States Army Air Forces (USAAF)	)	PUNCT	bombers	NOUN	 bombers
Gardiner notes that the oboes ' music may illustrate the " stratospheric circling of the angelic host " which the hymn text refers to. In a short tenor recitative for tenor, " Gott macht es nicht gleichwie die Welt, die viel verspricht und wenig hält " (	(	PUNCT	God	PROPN	God
The episode's first broadcast in Canada on Global was watched by 1.27 million viewers, making it fourth for the week it was broadcast, behind CSI: Crime Scene Investigation, CSI: Miami and Canadian Idol. The reactions of television critics to " North by North	North	PROPN	Quahog	PROPN	 Quahog
Among them was an upper jaw Bain referred to as the " Cape Iguanodon "; as such the site was named " Iguanodonhoek ". Atherstone published about the find in 1857, but lamented in 1871 that it had thus far received no attention in London. Only	Only	ADV	in	ADP	 in
Baker's Marine service was uneventful, and his name rarely appears in colonial records for this period. He was an enthusiastic fisherman and may have been the first to catch Latropiscis purpurissatus, a common species along the New South Wales coast and described as " growing to	to	ADP	more	ADJ	 more
Learning that the Gargantua is hidden beneath the surface of a nearby planet called Ragnarok's World, Professor T. Bird flies Rash and Zitz there in the Vulture to rescue them. Between levels, the toads receive briefing comments from Professor T. Bird, along with teasing from	from	ADP	the	DET	 the
Selection Aptitude Phase (hill phase) – 4 weeks. This phase is conducted in the Brecon Beacons, South Wales. The Aptitude Phase is designed to select those individuals who are suitable for Special Forces training. The initial three weeks are devoted to gradual physical training	training	NOUN	and	CCONJ	 and
In January 1945, removal of two quadruple torpedo tubes was authorized to permit substitution of two 40 mm quad mounts. In June, removal of the third centerline tube was authorized to make way for two 40 mm twin mounts abreast of the aft stack. All ships	ships	NOUN	receiving	VERB	 receiving
The increased use of the English language globally has had an effect on other languages, leading to some English words being assimilated into the vocabularies of other languages. This influence of English has led to concerns about language death, and to claims of linguistic imperialism, and	and	CCONJ	has	AUX	 has
The first sessions for Abbey Road began on 22 February 1969, only three weeks after the Get Back sessions, in Trident Studios. There, the group recorded a backing track to " I Want You (She's So Heavy) " with Billy Preston accompanying them	them	PRON	on	ADP	 on
From inception, the team had developed its assets for a high end system to ensure the finished project would have top of the range graphics, and because if necessary, it could more easily scale down the art down than scale it up. However, the art	art	NOUN	teams	NOUN	 teams
When he found escape impossible he became sullen, and refused to look at or touch a tablet [but agreed to] relate some of the ancient traditions. [C] ertain stimulants which had been provided for such an emergency were produced, and […]	]	X	as	SCONJ	 as
The hares, rabbits and pikas (order Lagomorpha) have continuously growing incisors, as do rodents, and were at one time included in the order. However, they have an additional pair of incisors in the upper jaw and the two orders have quite separate evolutionary	evolutionary	ADJ	histories	NOUN	 histories
Despite the women's snub and perceived chauvinistic terms, she nevertheless competed on the men's side, tying for ninth place. Not long afterward, she indicated to a reporter that she was " thinking of dropping out of women's competition altogether. " Soon after	after	ADP	the	DET	 the
The German objective was to bombard Sunderland on the 19th, with extensive reconnaissance provided by airships and submarines. The Grand Fleet sailed with 29 dreadnought battleships and six battlecruisers. Throughout the 19th, Jellicoe and Scheer received conflicting intelligence, with the result that having reached its	its	PRON	rendezvous	NOUN	 rendezvous
In 1879, OWU alumna Elizabeth Russell founded Kwassui Women's College in Nagasaki, Japan, when predominant Japanese culture considered women's education unimportant. Today, Kwassui College is one of the top finishing schools for young women in Japan. In 1899, William Ehnis (	(	PUNCT	from	ADP	from
The rear facing dorsal gun position, enclosed with a sliding, near clear view canopy, and for the first time, the ventral Bodenlafette rear facing gun position, immediately aft of the bomb bay, that replaced the draggy " dustbin " retractable emplacement became standard,	,	PUNCT	having	AUX	 having
Homer, unaware that the contest is only open to kids, eagerly takes on the challenge to prove his professionalism. At the contest, Grimes is shocked when Homer's model, which is almost exactly the same as the current power plant with only a few modifications	modifications	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
Awards won by Curse of the Black Pearl include Best Make up / Hair at the 57th British Academy Film Awards, Saturn Award for Best Costumes, Golden Reel Award for Sound Editing, two VES Awards for Visual Effects, and the People's Choice Award for Favorite	Favorite	PROPN	Motion	PROPN	 Motion
The book was well received upon release, and the success of Ward's first two wordless novels encouraged publishers to publish more books in the genre. In 1943 psychologist Henry Murray used two images from the work in his Thematic Apperception Test of personality traits. Madman's	's	PART	Drum	PROPN	 Drum
Significant time was spent constructing the First United States Army Group, a notional army to threaten Pas de Calais, along with political and visual deceptions to communicate a fictional Allied battle plan. Copperhead was a small portion of Bodyguard conceived by Dudley Clarke. Earlier in the	the	DET	war	NOUN	 war
Watts purchased a former Glenelg cruise boat in 1948 and placed it in service as Popeye 2. Over the next two years three new jarrah hulled boats were built at Port Adelaide; carrying 40 passengers each they were numbered Popeye 3 through Popeye 5. Trips on the	the	DET	Popeyes	PROPN	 Popeyes
It was formed on 1 November 1956 following the States Reorganisation Act by combining Malayalam speaking regions. Spread over 38,863 km2 (15,005 sq mi), it is bordered by Karnataka to the north and northeast, Tamil Nadu to the east and south, and the Lakshadweep	Lakshadweep	PROPN	Sea	PROPN	 Sea
The celebrity aspect of the episode was almost canceled because the producers were unable to get an obligation before the record deadline. Johnny Carson appears in the episode, and it was one of the few televised appearances he made after he retired from The Tonight Show. He	He	PRON	recorded	VERB	 recorded
Mulder is a believer in the paranormal, while the skeptical Scully has been assigned to debunk his work. In the episode, Mulder and Scully have 24 hours to save Assistant Director Skinner (Mitch Pileggi) from a biologically engineered disease. In order to combat the	the	DET	disease	NOUN	 disease
Co director Rob Minkoff said that both films are " more true life adventure than mythical epic. " Though considered an original coming of age story that follows the life of Simba as he grows up and " tak [es] on the responsibility of adulthood, "	"	PUNCT	co	PROPN	 co
The first classes in the new school were held in February 1930. The schoolhouse was constructed in a " fireproof " fashion, as to prevent another accident. The new schoolhouse was constructed to hold students from first through twelfth grades, from Strang and the surrounding communities	communities	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
"; when translated, it says " Jesus, I want this world to know You. " The song " And Shot Each Other " from The Fiancée fades out into a Sacred Harp choir singing the song ' Child of Grace ', which features the lyrics	lyrics	NOUN	"	PUNCT	 "
Legal action has been taken against Noel Gallagher and Oasis for plagiarism on three separate occasions during the course of Oasis ' career. The first was the case of Neil Innes (formerly of the Bonzo Dog Doo Dah Band and the Rutles) suing to prove the Oasis	Oasis	PROPN	song	NOUN	 song
In spring training, Weber led the Yankees with a.483 batting average and was presented with the James P. Dawson Award, given annually to the best rookie in the Yankees ' camp. Manager Joe Girardi indicated that Weber could beat out Marcus Thames and Rule 5 draft pick	pick	NOUN	Jamie	PROPN	 Jamie
Jennings noted that the gameplay was not " groundbreaking " and similarly stated that the game relied heavily on " what is practically 16 bit gameplay ". The camera controls were another criticised aspect of the game, due to the control sticks being allocated for attack functions.	.	PUNCT	Gifford	PROPN	 Gifford
In mid 1913, she patrolled the eastern coast of Mexico during the Mexican Revolution. She returned in 1914, with stints there from 26 January to 7 August and 11 October to 19 December. During the first period, the United States occupied Veracruz to protect US	US	PROPN	interests	NOUN	 interests
The Sa ' iqa had also been engaged in heavy fighting at Serabaeum, Deversoir and the nearby military base of Abu Sultan. By late October 17, the battalion's two companies had been ordered to withdraw from the vicinity of Deversoir northward to defend Serabaeum. On	On	ADP	October	PROPN	 October
Detailed observations were made of four whale carcasses in False Bay between 2000 and 2010. Sharks were drawn to the carcass by chemical and odour detection, spread by strong winds. After initially feeding on the whale caudal peduncle and fluke, the sharks would investigate the carcass	carcass	NOUN	by	ADP	 by
The release features ten of Yankovic's song parodies, all of which pertain to food. A similar album, The TV Album, which features songs entirely about television, would be released two years later. The album was begrudgingly released by Yankovic, who felt that	that	SCONJ	the	DET	 the
" Let's Kill Hitler " was written by Steven Moffat and directed by Richard Senior. In the episode, alien time traveller the Doctor (Matt Smith) and his companions Amy Pond (Karen Gillan) and her husband Rory Williams (Arthur Darvill) crash land	land	NOUN	in	ADP	 in
Through her daughter, Victoria Eugenie, she is an ancestress of Felipe VI, the current King of Spain and the Spanish Royal Family. 14 April 1857 – 23 July 1885: Her Royal Highness The Princess Beatrice 23 July 1885 – 14 July 1917: Her Royal	Royal	PROPN	Highness	PROPN	 Highness
In the band's early days, before acquiring a full time road crew, Wright was responsible for unloading the gear at the end of each gig. While not credited for vocals on The Piper at the Gates of Dawn, he sang lead on Barrett penned songs	songs	NOUN	like	ADP	 like
Its primary objective was to provide a basic governmental framework that would preempt New Jersey's fall into anarchy. And yet this Constitution served as the charter document for the State's government for the next 68 years. Among other provisions, it granted unmarried women and blacks	blacks	NOUN	who	PRON	 who
Republican lawmakers intent on funding a defensive shield criticized the report and the Clinton administration for inaccurate assessments and distorted intelligence. Republican Congressman Curt Weldon of Pennsylvania walked out of a CIA briefing on the NIE, and later said that it was " the most outrageous politicisation of	of	ADP	an	DET	 an
He also stated, " Iftah Ya Simsim complements every one of my accomplishments in the field of children's work in Jordan, including theatre work, storytelling, dubbing, presenting children's TV programmes and writing. This project incorporates all those genres under its hat and	and	CCONJ	crowns	VERB	 crowns
The most decorated Australian Naval unit of World War One, however was not a ship at all, but the Royal Australian Navy Bridging Train, a land based unit composed mostly of reservists which landed at Suvla Bay with the British IX Corps and was responsible for receiving	receiving	VERB	,	PUNCT	,
Inspiration for Ron Swanson came from an encounter Schur had in Burbank with an elected official, a Libertarian who favored minimal government and admitted, " I don't really believe in the mission of my job. " Daniels and Schur wrote the script for the pilot episode	episode	NOUN	in	ADP	 in
In an interview with Your Computer magazine, Richard Cockayne stated that both Theatre Europe and Falklands ' 82 received heavy criticism from the Campaign for Nuclear Disarmament and The Sun newspaper, respectively. An editor from The Sunday Press suggested that Falklands ' 82 was " distasteful "	"	PUNCT	because	SCONJ	 because
The semi final round of the tournament took place immediately after the first round, and Mr. Perfect gained the early advantage over Bret Hart. Hart reversed the momentum of the match by applying a series of headlocks on Perfect. Perfect then performed a dropkick on Hart and	and	CCONJ	followed	VERB	 followed
He appealed to the House of Lords, who decided (led by Lord Birkenhead) that they did not have the jurisdiction to hear the appeal, since a rule of English law specifies that once a writ of habeas corpus is issued (as it was by the	the	DET	Court	PROPN	 Court
The second nickname, again, courtesy of Manners, was " Teso Dos Bitches. " " Teso Dos Bichos " premiered on the Fox network on March 8, 1996. This episode earned a Nielsen rating of 10.7, with an 18 share, meaning that roughly	roughly	ADV	10.7	NUM	 10.7
During the battle of Frederickburg, the 22nd lost 12 killed and 42 wounded, roughly 28 percent casualties. The 22nd set up winter camp on the outskirts of Falmouth, Virginia on December 22, 1862. The camp was located about 1 mile (1.6 km)	)	PUNCT	northeast	ADV	 northeast
The game's player protagonist is by default named Wes (レオ, Reo, Leo), but as with most Pokémon games, the player can change his name. Wes's Starter Pokémon are Espeon and Umbreon, two fox like Pokémon who start at higher levels	levels	NOUN	than	ADP	 than
Following her death, and with both George and Mary Watts increasingly out of fashion, the memorial was abandoned half finished, with only 52 of the intended 120 spaces filled. In the years following Mary Watts's death there were occasional proposals to add new names to	to	PART	complete	VERB	 complete
Shortly thereafter, City Council President Darlene Harris confirmed her intention to run. In addition, Jake Wheatley, Jim Ferlo, and Ricky Burgess became speculated candidates. In early March 2013, following the withdrawal of incumbent mayor Luke Ravenstahl, a poll conducted by Keystone Analytics	Analytics	PROPN	found	VERB	 found
The jumpshot is cake. That's all hockey is: open ice. That's my whole strategy: Find Open Ice. Chicago coach Mike Keenan said it best: " There's a spot on the ice that's no man's land, and all the	the	DET	good	ADJ	 good
The demise of Constantine Tikh came as a shock for the Byzantines. Initially, Michael VIII considered marring his daughter to Ivaylo, but eventually decided that it would be more favourable to install a protégé of his own. His candidate was Ivan, son of former Emperor	Emperor	PROPN	Mitso	PROPN	 Mitso
One Wildcat lost radio contact and could not find either of the American carriers; the pilot was never found. Only 18 Japanese aircraft successfully returned to their carriers, beginning at 20: 00. On the morning of 8 May, both sides spotted each other about	about	ADP	the	DET	 the
" Prior to The Lion King, Irons was famous for starring as several villains and antagonists in live action films " geared towards adults. " Although he had starred in a children's film before, the actor admitted that it did not mirror the success of The	The	DET	Lion	PROPN	 Lion
Two more singles from We Need Each Other were released: " Whatever You're Doing (Something Heavenly) " in early 2008, and " Turn On the Lights " in August 2008. Later in the year, the band launched their own two month We Need	Need	VERB	Each	DET	 Each
Circadian rhythm effects describe the tendency for humans to experience a normal cycle in attentiveness and sleepiness through the 24 hour day. Those with a conventional sleep pattern (sleeping for seven or eight hours at night) experience periods of maximum fatigue in the early hours of the	the	DET	morning	NOUN	 morning
" In 1965 she played Amy Nelson in I Saw What You Did (1965), another William Castle vehicle. She starred as Monica Rivers in Herman Cohen's horror thriller film Berserk! (1967). After the film's release, Crawford guest starred as	as	ADP	herself	PRON	 herself
It originally aired on the Fox network in the United States on April 27, 1997. It was written by Donick Cary and directed by Steven Dean Moore. The episode guest stars Sab Shimono as Mr. Sparkle, Gedde Watanabe as the factory worker, Denice Kumagai and	and	CCONJ	Karen	PROPN	 Karen
A number of state- and national level sports events are sponsored in Tirunelveli annually. The VOC grounds (in central Palayamkottai) and the Anna Stadium (on St. Thomas Road) are popular venues in the city, and some events are held at scholastic sports facilities.	.	PUNCT	As	ADP	 As
They criticized the use of magic in a largely science based book, calling it " the biggest cheat since Dallas. " They also felt that the concept of making Spider Man more accessible was undermined by the new and unfamiliar characters. In their coverage of the storyline	storyline	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
It originally aired on NBC in the United States on October 22, 2009. In the episode, Leslie tries to have the pit filled in and injures Andy in the process, opening Pawnee up to a possible lawsuit. The episode was written by Aisha Muharrar and	and	CCONJ	directed	VERB	 directed
Collier had owned 202 acres (0.82 km2) of land to the west and north of the park that was sold for $300,000 to developers. The city bought the park for $98,000 in 1904, incorporating Piedmont Park into Atlanta's city limits. Mayor Evan	Evan	PROPN	Howell	PROPN	 Howell
The A.V. Club praised the production for being " a sonic classic of slow rolling G funk and glossy hyper soul ", but panned The Game for his name dropping, suggesting if he " cut all the references to rappers and albums... it'd be a good	good	ADJ	15	NUM	 15
Loubier was replaced in a by election on September 17, 2007, by newcomer Bloc candidate Ève Mary Thaï Thi Lac. One day later, on February 22, veteran Liberal MP and former Liberal Party of Canada interim leader Bill Graham announced that he would not seek	seek	VERB	reelection	NOUN	 reelection
Phoenix was stationed in Alexandria and patrolled the Aegean Sea and waters around the Dodecanese from 14 June to July 1940. In July 1940, Phoenix, under the command of Lt Cdr Gilbert Hugh Nowell, and Rorqual were given the task of screening a convoy of British	British	ADJ	ships	NOUN	 ships
Xamin felt it was an " absolutely fantastic match " and that they showed " the world how good women's wrestling can be. " The second match given this score was the main event between Kurt Angle and Christian Cage for the TNA World Heavyweight Championship. Xamin	Xamin	PROPN	felt	VERB	 felt
It is believed that, if appropriate preventive measures were instituted globally, mortality among children could be reduced by 400,000; and, if proper treatment were universally available, childhood deaths could be decreased by another 600,000. Vaccination prevents against certain bacterial and viral pneumonias both in	in	ADP	children	NOUN	 children
The lengthy film brainwashes the attendees into worshipping The Leader. After Homer joins the cult, he moves his family to the Movementarian compound. Though defiant at first, all the Simpson children are converted to Movementarianism. Marge is the only family member to resist, and	and	CCONJ	escapes	VERB	 escapes
GamesRadar also commented that Roxas " starts off like a zombie, but rapidly develops a personality " during the title and joked about the numerous times he eats ice cream. His growth in the game was also labelled as one of the most enjoyable elements from the title	title	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
In 2009 the first XI won Division 3 having been newly promoted from Division 4. In those two seasons the team lost only four games. Hurn Bridge houses the Dorset Cricket Centre, an indoor training facility run by the Dorset Cricket Board. Christchurch has a council	council	NOUN	run	NOUN	 run
Labrador is an irregular shape: the western part of its border with Quebec is the drainage divide for the Labrador Peninsula. Lands drained by rivers that flow into the Atlantic Ocean are part of Labrador, the rest belongs to Quebec. Labrador ’ s extreme northern tip	tip	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
The letter was read to members of the Society at a meeting on 17 December, and a report was published in the Hampshire Telegraph the following Monday, 20 December, which announced the name, mis spelt as " Iguanadon ". Mantell formally published his findings on	on	ADP	10	NUM	 10
While recording the album Emerick would sit on the stairs outside the studio so that he could " listen to the mix properly ". Emerick employed the use of instruments such as sitars and tabla as well as backwards guitar loops. The album contained many of Sergeant's	's	PART	favoured	VERB	 favoured
The season was storyboarded by Alexander, Brookshier, Cash, Cervas, Charmatz, King, Reccardi, and Springer. The sixth season had a cast of six main actors. Tom Kenny provided the voice of the title character SpongeBob SquarePants and his pet snail Gary.	.	PUNCT	SpongeBob	PROPN	 SpongeBob
In Bath at St James, which is 180 metres (590 ft) upstream of Pultney Weir the mean flow is 20.466 cubic metres per second (722.7 cu ft / s), with a similar flow (20.984 cubic metres per second (741.0 cu ft /	/	SYM	s	PROPN	 s
Only eight years later HMVS Cerberus, the first breastwork monitor, was launched. Only three years later followed HMS Devastation, a turreted ironclad which more resembled a pre dreadnought than previous and contemporary turretless ironclads. Each ship lacked masts and carried four heavy guns in two	two	NUM	turrets	NOUN	 turrets
Kratos then battles Persephone to the death. Although victorious, he is warned by a dying Persephone that his suffering will never end. Atlas also warns Kratos that he will eventually regret helping the gods and that he and Atlas will meet again. Kratos then rides the	the	DET	Sun	PROPN	 Sun
In a study published in 2008, Nina Rønsted and colleagues analysed the DNA sequences from the nuclear ribosomal internal and external transcribed spacers (ITS and ETS), and the glyceraldehyde 3 phosphate dehydrogenase (G3pdh) region, in the first molecular analysis of the section Malvanthera	Malvanthera	PROPN	.	PUNCT	.
The multiplayer element was noted for appealing to a diverse demographic for its party game qualities and being an " ' everybody ' title ". Conversely, " Story mode " was criticised for exacerbating issues relating to pace, which was already remarked as having " snail's	's	PART	pace	NOUN	 pace
Its harmony and modulation are conventional, and the work bears the clear fingerprints of Wagner and Grieg. Payne asserts that none of the works prior to 1895 are of lasting interest. The first noticeable stylistic advance is evident in Koanga (1895 – 97), with	with	ADP	richer	ADJ	 richer
" already knows the answer, assuming he, or anyone, can actually bring themselves to care about such a precious question? But ' Visions of Johanna ' is asking different sorts of questions. Such as: Where are you? Who are you? What are	are	AUX	you	PRON	 you
Additionally, it contains vocoder processed background vocals, a xylophone solo and a cascading synth outro. Opening with an electronic twinkling sound, " Celebration " contains samples of " Heavenly Dream " by The KayGees. A columnist for The Guardian described it as evoking " the	the	DET	lavish	ADJ	 lavish
The highest point within city limits is at High Point in West Seattle, which is roughly located near 35th Ave SW and SW Myrtle St. Other notable hills include Crown Hill, View Ridge / Wedgwood / Bryant, Maple Leaf, Phinney Ridge, Mt. Baker Ridge,	,	PUNCT	and	CCONJ	 and
The Corps was assisted in its work by voluntary help from the British Red Cross, St John's Ambulance and the Friends Ambulance Unit. The only person to be awarded the Victoria Cross twice during the war was a doctor in the RAMC, Captain Noel Godfrey Chavasse	Chavasse	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
The Whitson Road side of the park has a youth baseball field; a basketball court and playground are accessible from the Schrade Road entrance. Nichols Nature Area, accessible from Nichols Place, is a steeply sloped 3.8 acre (1.5 ha) site acquired in 1973 as	as	ADP	part	NOUN	 part
" On March 5, 2011, Judah defeated Mabuza via technical knockout in the seventh round, at the Prudential Center in Newark, New Jersey, claiming the IBF title again after almost ten years. Judah fought WBA (Super) Champion Amir Khan in a unification	unification	NOUN	bout	NOUN	 bout
In November 2013, WHO and the malaria vaccine funders group set a goal to develop vaccines designed to interrupt malaria transmission with the long term goal of malaria eradication. Malaria has been successfully eliminated or greatly reduced in certain areas. Malaria was once common in the United	United	PROPN	States	PROPN	 States
Old age is listed as the third most frequent cause of death. Cardiomyopathy, heart murmur and other cardiac issues were present in 17.2% of responses while dermatolic conditions such as dermatitis or alopecia were reported by 10.8% of responses. Salukis have an average lifespan of	of	ADP	12	NUM	 12
The game ends as they (presumably) kiss under a falling curtain. Shigeru Miyamoto, the creator of the original The Legend of Zelda, intended to make Zelda II: The Adventure of Link fundamentally different from its predecessor. A different team was assembled to develop	develop	VERB	the	DET	 the
Each Paralympic sport then has its own classifications, dependent upon the specific physical demands of competition. Events are given a code, made of numbers and letters, describing the type of event and classification of the athletes competing. Events with " B " in the code	code	NOUN	are	AUX	 are
On his return to the continent from England, Henry sought to secure his French lands and quash any potential rebellion. As a result, in 1154 Henry and Louis agreed a peace treaty, under which Henry bought back the Vernon and the Neuf Marché from Louis.	.	PUNCT	The	DET	 The
The Cincinnati Reds visited Nashville to play against the Sounds on April 23, 1990. A crowd of 14,012 witnessed the Reds defeat Nashville, 3 – 0. The Reds returned April 6, 1991, to face the Cleveland Indians, resulting in a 4 – 3	3	NUM	Cincinnati	PROPN	 Cincinnati
Waddy was responsible for training " Attenborough's Private Army ", a group of fifty men who went through boot camp in order to portray Frost's men at Arnhem Bridge and provide the backbone of the extra cast. Waddy confessed to being deeply concerned by the actors	actors	NOUN	'	PART	 '
In 1993, the International Union of Pure and Applied Chemistry (IUPAC) approved the use of the dalton as an alternative to the unified atomic mass unit with the qualification that the GCPM had not given its approval. This approval has since been given. Following the	the	DET	proposal	NOUN	 proposal
On the other hand, it would catch a Singapore citizen now a foreign permanent resident employed in a foreign country by a foreign government who received a bribe in relation to a transaction that had nothing to do with Singapore. For this reason, Karthigesu J. found section	section	NOUN	37	NUM	 37
While the speeds were high enough to operate with a profit in Sweden and to Copenhagen, the slow lines in Norway made services to Norway unprofitable. Linx had by then transported 1.3 million passengers, and Forsberg stated that had the company transported 1.7 million people, it	it	PRON	would	AUX	 would
As the ship turned over, the two stood briefly to attention, then Lindemann and his messenger saluted. As the ship rolled to port, the messenger fell into the water. Lindemann, continued his salute while clinging to the flagmast, going under with the ship	ship	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
The life cycle of Chirocephalus diaphanus is extremely fast. The typical duration of a full life cycle is not known, but a figure of around 3 months has been suggested. The eggs are tolerant to drying out; when their habitat fills with water again, some	some	PRON	of	ADP	 of
It was released as the lead single from the mixtape on February 19, 2016 after Banks had announced the mixtape in the previous May. Production of the song was handled by new producer An Expresso, while the song was penned by Banks alone. The song contains	contains	VERB	an	DET	 an
The episode first aired on the UPN network on February 9, 2000. Directed by Mike Vejar, it was developed from a story by Gannon Kenney and turned into a teleplay by Robert Doherty. The episode featured Dwayne " The Rock " Johnson in a guest role	role	NOUN	as	ADP	 as
He beat his goal tally from the previous season when he scored his fourth goal of the campaign in Stevenage's 4 – 2 victory against Milton Keynes Dons at Broadhall Way on 24 January 2012, with Bostwick restoring parity in the first half with a long range strike	strike	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
The traditional image of Byzantine Greek merchants as unenterprising benefactors of state aid is beginning to change for that of mobile, pro active agents. The merchant class, particularly that of Constantinople, became a force of its own that could, at times, even threaten the	the	DET	Emperor	PROPN	 Emperor
In the next week in a loss against the Ohio State Buckeyes, Mitchell again started in place of Farmer and gained 31 yards on two reverses, had four kickoff returns for 73 yards and completed a pass for 18 yards. In a 35 – 21 win over	over	ADP	Fresno	PROPN	 Fresno
The gates in the center of each of the four sides were reserved for the emperor; these gates had straight passages and only two sets of doors, while the other city gates had zigzag passages and were guarded by three sets of doors. The Song artist Zhang	Zhang	PROPN	Zeduan	PROPN	 Zeduan
The following year, as if to prove de Cosmos right, governor Sir James Douglas appointed Crease Attorney General of British Columbia, and Crease resigned his seat in the Assembly. He was a key member of the government, responsible for pushing literally hundreds of laws through	through	ADP	the	DET	 the
After returning to the ship he became its executive officer until July 1915, when he became commander of the USS Dubuque. He was then posted back to the Naval Academy as an engineering instructor. In November 1917, Cluverius became responsible for the conversion of the steamer	steamer	NOUN	SS	PROPN	 SS
This appellation combined a loose term for the geographical region, " Thames Valley ", with the Reading team's nickname, " the Royals ". With each team having financial problems, Maxwell claimed that both were on the verge of going out of business and that	that	SCONJ	uniting	VERB	 uniting
It moved northward before eventually curving westward and dissipating on November 28. The final tropical cyclone developed southwest of Sri Lanka on December 21. The system headed generally east northeastward and strengthened into cyclonic storm on December 24, before demising well east of Sri Lanka on the	the	DET	following	ADJ	 following
By the end of the 18th century, the batterie turque had become so fashionable that keyboard instruments were fitted with devices to simulate the bass drum (a mallet with a padded head hitting the back of the sounding board), cymbals (strips of brass striking the	the	DET	lower	ADJ	 lower
Overtly cinematic music, with stronger orchestral and choral elements, appears in cutscenes. The soundtrack was released on September 23, 1998, under the King Records label. The English version of Metal Gear Solid, translated by Jeremy Blaustein, who localized the Sega CD version	version	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
This suggests that forest fragmentation may not completely isolate separated populations. The only predator known to target this species is the fossa, although the golden crowned sifaka reacts to the presence of birds of prey with alarm calls. A hematology and serum chemistry study published in 1995	1995	NUM	revealed	VERB	 revealed
The Ardennes is a free moving, long striding breed, despite their compact body structure. The Ardennes breed could be a direct descendent of the prehistoric Solutre horse, and is thought to be descended from the type of horse described by Julius Caesar in his Commentarii de	de	PROPN	Bello	PROPN	 Bello
This letter impressed George very much, although he did not consider the impoverished Leopold as a possible suitor for his daughter's hand. The Princess of Wales opposed the match between her daughter and the Prince of Orange, and had great public support: when Charlotte went	went	VERB	out	ADP	 out
The queue features dozens of television monitors that show a series of video segments (which are being presented on the " Cyberdyne Information Network, " or C.I.N.) about the latest innovations and products of Cyberdyne Systems. The video also includes several special musical segments, including	including	VERB	two	NUM	 two
2 contained a cover by the late Israeli singer Ofra Haza. A eurodance version was recorded by the group Mad ' House for the album " Absolutely Mad ". A hi NRG dance version was recorded by Who's That Girl for the album Exposed, released through	through	ADP	Almighty	PROPN	 Almighty
The North Koreans quickly discovered that the 2nd Battalion was withdrawing and attacked it. In the vicinity of Hills 464 and 380 the battalion discovered at daybreak that it was virtually surrounded by North Koreans. Moving by itself and completely cut off from all other units, G	G	PROPN	Company	PROPN	 Company
The odious composition is made of fat clumsy mutton chops, embedded in layers of sliced apples, shredded onions, and — O tempora! O mores! — brown sugar! The result is nausea, unsociability, and, in course of time, hatred of the	the	DET	whole	ADJ	 whole
The Ford Railroad was constructed between L ' Anse and the Cliff River for his logging operations on 300,000 acres (100,000 ha) of timberland purchased in 1922. He often visited the Upper Peninsula on business, but as early as 1917, the year he ran for	for	ADP	a	DET	 a
Steve Morse of The Boston Globe, when describing the song, said that it was a " bid to be an ' 80s Helen of Troy ". " True Blue " was released in the United States in October 1986. It debuted on the Billboard Hot 100	100	NUM	at	ADP	 at
Two quotations from the original soundtrack were included in the song. The fourth track " Live to Tell " was originally written by Patrick Leonard for the soundtrack of Paramount's romantic drama film Fire with Fire, but after the company declined it, Leonard showed the song	song	NOUN	to	ADP	 to
The band released their second studio album in 2003, The Link (reissued in 2007 with remastered audio and new booklet artwork). After the success of the first two albums and their live performances they made a DVD in Bordeaux produced by Gabriel Editions. Since 19	19	NUM	May	PROPN	 May
The Icelandic government also believes that there are many more untapped geothermal sources throughout the country, estimating that over 20 TWh per year of unharnessed geothermal energy is available. This is about 3.3% of the 600TWh per year of electricity used in Germany. Combined with the	the	DET	unharnessed	ADJ	 unharnessed
The two primarily compete against smaller DFS services, such as Fantasy Aces and Yahoo! Sports. The popularity of the daily fantasy format has been credited to its convenience in comparison to season length games, as well as the focus on major cash prizes in the promotion	promotion	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
Other threats include illegal collection for pet trade, which concerns mainly the southern crested newt, and the northern crested newt in its eastern range. The possibility of hybridisation, especially in the crested newts, means that native species can be genetically polluted through the introduction of	of	ADP	close	ADJ	 close
The Australian Board of Control eventually decided that, as he had already appeared for England, they could not choose him; instead they picked Charlie Kelleway as the all rounder. Crawford resigned from his position as St Peter's in March 1911, suggesting to the press	press	NOUN	that	SCONJ	 that
" Three Men and Adena " received especially positive reviews and has been described as one of the " classic episodes " of Homicide: Life on the Street. It ranked number 74 in an Entertainment Weekly list of the 100 greatest television moments, and number 15 among	among	ADP	the	DET	 the
Most of this ash fell between 3 and 12 miles (5 and 19 km) from its vent, but some was carried 150 miles (240 km) south to Bend, Oregon or 285 miles (459 km) east to Spokane, Washington. A second	second	ADJ	,	PUNCT	,
Reimer has also played for the Toronto Maple Leafs and San Jose Sharks. He was selected by the Maple Leafs in the fourth round (99th overall) of the 2006 NHL Entry Draft. He started playing minor hockey in his hometown when he was 12. He	He	PRON	played	VERB	 played
A commission was called and it found that further strengthening was needed. With the problems of the Prince of Wales Battery, it was decided a third battery, the Albert Battery (originally called Prince Albert's Battery after HRH Prince Albert, Queen Victoria's Prince Consort	Consort	PROPN	)	PUNCT	)
The Australians (282) drew with Durham (73 / 5). In the absence of the resting Bradman, Hassett won the toss and elected to bat. Attendance was 17,000 on the first day of this two day non first class match. Rain prevented any	any	DET	play	NOUN	 play
" Miss Clicamp, of number two York Street near Middlesex Hospital, is described as " one of the finest, fattest figures as fully finished for fun and frolick as fertile fancy ever formed... fortunate for the true lovers of fat, should fate throw them into	into	ADP	the	DET	 the
Many American developers tried to capitalize on the template established by Street Fighter II, but it was Chicago's Midway Games who achieved unprecedented notoriety when they released Mortal Kombat in 1992. The game featured digital characters drawn from real actors, numerous secrets, and a "	"	PUNCT	Fatality	NOUN	 Fatality
The CNA championship involves two divisions of teams from the Caribbean islands. In 2010 five teams competed in two rounds of round robin matches in the Championship Division, while four teams competed in the Developmental Division. Jamaica, which has lost only once in the tournament,	,	PUNCT	decided	VERB	 decided
The ALP were conclusively defeated by the United Progressive Party (UPP) and forced out of government, Joseph lost his seat to Bertrand Joseph. Now in opposition, the ALP held a leadership contest in 2005, in which Joseph was elected Party Chairman, defeating Vere	Vere	PROPN	Bird	PROPN	 Bird
With the help of the influential Charles C. Burlingham, a senior New York lawyer and close friend, he gained the backing of Attorney General George W. Wickersham, who urged President William Howard Taft to appoint Hand. One of the youngest federal judges ever appointed, Hand	Hand	PROPN	took	VERB	 took
Actor Adam West played himself on the show, in which he introduces Jack Donaghy by the wrong name at Jack's fiftieth birthday party. Liz's phone sex line commercial, the full length version, is featured on 30 Rock's season three DVD as part of	of	ADP	the	DET	 the
The curator was tasked with keeping a catalog and a case history of each specimen in the cabinet. Jackson published two descriptions of the collection in 1847: A Descriptive Catalogue of the Anatomical Museum of the Boston Society for Medical Improvement, and later that year A Descriptive	Descriptive	PROPN	Catalogue	PROPN	 Catalogue
Alexey Lutsenko (Astana) placed an attack with 16 km (9.9 mi) to go. With 10 km (6.2 mi) to race he had opened up an advantage of 20 seconds. With 6.7 km (4.2 mi) remaining, Lutsenko was caught.	.	PUNCT	An	DET	 An
The fin tank is used to reduce trim drag by optimizing the center of gravity, which typically would shift forward if water is stored only in the wings ahead of the spar. Ballast enables a sailplane to attain its best L / D at higher speeds but slows	slows	VERB	its	PRON	 its
However, it was generally accepted only after the Vienna Military Institute for Geography issued a new, authoritative collection of maps of Central Europe in ca. 1875. The first confirmed ascent was made by Ján (Johann) Still from the village of Nová Lesná in 1834	1834	NUM	.	PUNCT	.
Alonso believed he would have been on pole if the incident had not happened, and Schumacher was stripped of pole position by the race stewards and started the race at the back of the grid. In the same qualifying session, Giancarlo Fisichella was similarly found to have	have	AUX	blocked	VERB	 blocked
They joined Harrison in forcing the British retreat from Detroit and held the Indian allies of the British off his left flank during the American victory at the Battle of the Thames on October 5, 1813. According to historian Bennett H. Young, Desha's old friend William	William	PROPN	Whitley	PROPN	 Whitley
For the 2006 – 07 season, Danny Wilson was appointed the new manager, Wilson had previously managed Humphreys at Sheffield Wednesday. On 22 August 2006, Humphreys was dropped for Hartlepool's match against Hereford United. After making 230 consecutive appearances, this was the first	first	ADJ	time	NOUN	 time
Individuals adopting the CrimethInc. nom de guerre have included convicted ELF arsonists, as well as hacktivists who successfully attacked the websites of DARE, Republican National Committee and sites related to U.S. President George W. Bush's 2004 re election campaign. These activities have earned the collective	collective	ADJ	irregular	ADJ	 irregular
As a radio journalist he earned the moniker " the voice of the voiceless " and was renowned for identifying with and giving exposure to the MOVE anarcho primitivist commune in Philadelphia's Powelton Village neighborhood, including reportage of the 1979 – 80 trial of certain of its members	members	NOUN	(	PUNCT	 (
During that time, he tested several forms of air wells in Yugoslavia and on Vis Island in the Adriatic Sea. Klaphake's work was inspired by Zibold and by the works of Maimonides, a known Jewish scholar who wrote in Arabic about 1,000 years ago and who	who	PRON	mentioned	VERB	 mentioned
" Authors Tracey West and Katherine Noll called Charizard the best Fire type Pokémon and the third best Pokémon overall. They wrote that there was nothing else that could better fit that spot and that " it has won our hearts and had us cheering for more. "	"	PUNCT	1UP	NUM	 1UP
2004: All Years Leaving by the Stands, guitar on " Some Weekend Night " 2008: 22 Dreams by Paul Weller, bass, piano, mellotron and wurlitzer on " Echoes Round The Sun " 2011: Colour of the Trap by Miles Kane, backing vocals	vocals	NOUN	on	ADP	 on
These arrests paralyzed the opposition. The repressions continued and intensified. An estimated 12,000 individuals were imprisoned as " enemies of the people " during the year following the annexation. Between June 14 and June 18, 1941, less than a week before the Nazi invasion,	,	PUNCT	some	DET	 some
Concerts later on included " Mysterious Ways ", " Until the End of the World ", " New Year's Day ", and " Stuck in a Moment You Can't Get Out Of ". " Stay (Faraway, So Close!) ",	,	PUNCT	"	PUNCT	 "
" Still this was apparently enough that later in the 19th century the role of Orpheus came to be sung almost as frequently by a tenor as by a contralto. Berlioz's version is one of many which combine the Italian and French scores, although it is the	the	DET	most	ADV	 most
Four months later, the brigade returned to the United States, and was demobilized with the rest of the division in January 1919 at Camp Dix, New Jersey. On 24 June 1921, the unit was reconstituted as the Headquarters and Headquarters Company (HHC),	,	PUNCT	173rd	PROPN	 173rd
Also, people might feel that the venue is not always the best place " to meaningfully and constructively press their views on issues ". He saw Speakers ' Corner as " playing the same role as envisaged – mostly dormant but good to have ". Public Entertainments	Entertainments	PROPN	and	CCONJ	 and
During the match he scored 556 points without reply, a new record in a professional event, beating the previous record of 495 points set by Ding Junhui at the 2007 Premier League Snooker. He defeated Stephen Maguire 6 – 2 in the semi finals to reach a	a	DET	record	NOUN	 record
Sakanaction cancelled or rescheduled many of their planned radio appearances, deciding not to directly promote the single at the remaining appearances. During these, the band preferred to focus on sending messages of hope for the victims of the disaster. In April, Yamaguchi visited Kesennuma and	and	CCONJ	Minamisanriku	PROPN	 Minamisanriku
China denied this deal because it did not want the Su 35, but only shown slight interest in its 117S engine; at the 2012 Zhuhai Air Show Russia approached China with its 117S engine in a failed attempt to sell Su 35. In late 2012, it	it	PRON	was	AUX	 was
His core concept was that players try to establish boundaries between safety and danger, and that fear results when these boundaries become unpredictable, or when the player is compelled to cross them " of their own free will ". Smith decided to consciously apply this theory in	in	ADP	Deadly	PROPN	 Deadly
Its members discussed challenging him in 2014 because of his proposed cuts to social programs, but the party openly admitted that it lacked the money for a gubernatorial campaign, and no candidate came forward to run. Martha Abbott, former party Chairwoman Emma Mulvaney Stanak, party	party	NOUN	Chairwoman	PROPN	 Chairwoman
In regulations, the university does not name MD or DDS as higher doctorates, although they are in many universities as these degrees are normally accredited professional doctorates. The degrees of DLitt., DSc, DEng, LLD and DMus, whilst having regulations specifying the grounds	grounds	NOUN	for	ADP	 for
First Great Western declined a contractual option to continue the Greater Western passenger franchise (of which services at Avonmouth are a part) beyond 2013, citing a desire for a longer term contract due to the impending upgrade to the Great Western Main Line. The franchise was	was	AUX	put	VERB	 put
However, Mota won his first World Series when the Giants defeated Texas 4 games to 1 in the series. After the series, he filed for free agency. On December 19, Mota signed another minor league contract with an invitation to spring training with the Giants	Giants	PROPN	.	PUNCT	.
Though both of New York City's football teams play today across the Hudson River in MetLife Stadium in East Rutherford, New Jersey, both teams started out playing in the Polo Grounds. The New York Giants played side by side with their baseball namesakes from the time	time	NOUN	they	PRON	 they
Some insects have evolved this system to hypermetamorphosis. Some of the oldest and most successful insect groups, such Endopterygota, use a system of complete metamorphosis. Complete metamorphosis is unique to a group of certain insect orders including Diptera, Lepidoptera and Hymenoptera. This form of	of	ADP	development	NOUN	 development
Harv the storekeeper was played by Hoke Howell, a film, television and theater actor who trained at the American Academy of Dramatic Arts in New York City, having appeared in films like Another 48 Hours (1990) and Far and Away (1992), as	as	ADV	well	ADV	 well
Following a number of terrorist attacks, the road was closed to the public in 1990, when security gates were erected at both ends. On 7 February 1991, the Provisional IRA fired mortars from a van parked in Whitehall towards No. 10, one of which	which	PRON	exploded	VERB	 exploded
The song also peaked at number nine on the Irish Singles Chart. The accompanying music video was directed by Sean de Sparengo, and features the girls in purple dresses performing on Malibu Beach at night with flames and white fabric surrounding them. Each member of the band	band	NOUN	is	AUX	 is
In addition to the other land forces, President Joseph Kabila also has a Republican Guard presidential force (Garde Républicaine or GR), formerly known as the Special Presidential Security Group (GSSP). FARDC military officials state that the Garde Républicaine is not the responsibility of	of	ADP	FARDC	PROPN	 FARDC
The question of men's signatures was solved by having two sections of signatures, one for women followed by one for men. One hundred of the 300 present signed the Declaration of Sentiments, including 68 women and 32 men. Amelia Bloomer was one of the participants	participants	NOUN	who	PRON	 who
This is especially true of Macbeth and Lady Macbeth, locked together in a struggle against all Scotland and their fate. Macbeth, as he is about to commit his bloodiest deeds, is " assailed by the stings of remorse, and full of ' preternatural solicitings.	.	PUNCT	'	PUNCT	 '
It peaked at number four on the UK Singles Chart, spending 12 weeks in the top 20 and 25 weeks on the chart. It was Beyoncé's fifth longest charting single, and spent more weeks on the chart than her number one singles " Crazy in Love	Love	PROPN	"	PUNCT	 "
As graduates, Macmillan and four other women were full members of the General Council of Edinburgh University, but they were denied the opportunity to vote in February 1906 to determine the Member of Parliament who would represent the university seat. Macmillan argued that the wording of the	the	DET	General	PROPN	 General
People over the age of 60 are more commonly affected. Dogs are also known to develop hypothyroidism and in rare cases cats and horses can also have the disorder. The word " hypothyroidism " is from Greek hypo- meaning " reduced ", thyreos for " shield "	"	PUNCT	,	PUNCT	,
The lintels of these survive in place and are themselves arched to relieve pressure from the weight of the pier's superstructure. Mazar's excavations have revealed that the same pier was also the eastern external wall of a monumental building which Mazar suggested was the archives of Jerusalem	Jerusalem	PROPN	mentioned	VERB	 mentioned
Scheer replied that Hipper was to return to Wilhelmshaven while the fleet stood off Horns Reef. For his conduct in the battle, Hipper received Germany's highest military honor, the Pour le Mérite; it was awarded by the Kaiser on 5 June. He was also	also	ADV	awarded	VERB	 awarded
Van Erp dismantled and rebuilt the upper three circular platforms and stupas. Along the way, Van Erp discovered more things he could do to improve the monument; he submitted another proposal, which was approved with the additional cost of 34,600 guilders. At first glance,	,	PUNCT	Borobudur	PROPN	 Borobudur
American expansionists used the slogan " 54 40 or fight " in reference to the Northern boundary coordinates of the Oregon territory. The parties compromised, ending the war threat, by splitting the area down the middle at the 49th parallel, with the British acquiring British Columbia	Columbia	PROPN	and	CCONJ	 and
It also reached the top ten in Canada, Finland, Italy and reached number two in the United Kingdom. An accompanying music video, directed by Jean Baptiste Mondino, portrays Madonna highlighting the highs and lows of Hollywood. After the video was released, French photographer	photographer	NOUN	Guy	PROPN	 Guy
Potter biographer Linda Lear and author of Beatrix Potter: A Life in Nature writes: [Potter] wanted to do a frog story for some time, because it was amusing and offered the opportunity for the naturalist illustrations she delighted in... The story of a fisherman	fisherman	NOUN	down	ADP	 down
The Rova underwent several significant changes during the lengthy reign of Queen Ranavalona I. The largest of the buildings in the modern day compound, the wooden Manjakamiadana, was built between 1839 and 1840. Ranavalona also made further modifications to Tranovola in 1845, when it became the	the	DET	residence	NOUN	 residence
Bruce asked why Eminem was promoting a possible Insane Clown Posse appearance without first contacting the group. Bruce said that Eminem explained, " It says ' maybe. ' Maybe you will be there; I don't know. That's why I'm asking you right	right	ADV	now	ADV	 now
With war with Germany now a reality, Menzies sent Richard Casey to London to seek reassurances about the defence of Australia in the event that Australian forces were sent to Europe or the Middle East. In November, Australia and New Zealand were given reassurances that Singapore would	would	AUX	not	PART	 not
In his American incarnation, Pedobear is an anthropomorphic bear child predator that is often used within the community to mock contributors showing a sexual interest in children. Pedobear is one of the most popular memes on non English imageboards, and has gained recognition across Europe. In	In	ADP	February	PROPN	 February
Paddy is the major crop while the others being black gram, green gram, ground nut and gingely. During 1901, the population of the town stood at 15,436. According to 2011 census, Thiruvarur had a population of 58,301 with a sex ratio of 1,053 females	females	NOUN	for	ADP	 for
Another convoy of APCs deployed by the JNA through Borovo Naselje, just south of Borovo Selo, was stopped by a crowd of Croat women who refused to let them through. At least a dozen Croatian policemen were killed and 21 injured in the ambush. The two	two	NUM	captured	VERB	 captured
Thereafter, the storm started to lose tropical characteristics, with historical weather maps indicating a low pressure area imbedded within a cold front by September 10. Around 12: 00 UTC, the cyclone weakened to a tropical storm. Late on September 11, the storm weakened	weakened	VERB	to	ADP	 to
In the aftermath of the war they and the settlers of Maine and New Hampshire were extremely mistrustful of one another. The Abenaki felt threatened by English encroachment on their lands, and the settlers feared a return to significant French inspired raiding of their settlements. Bellomont issued	issued	VERB	proclamations	NOUN	 proclamations
James, and the subsequent sales team that developed, marketed the company's drugs nationally. Other family members were also employed by the growing company; Lilly's cousin Evan Lilly was hired as a bookkeeper and his grandsons, Eli and Josiah, were hired to run	run	VERB	errands	NOUN	 errands
Based on the novel by James Jones, it tells a semi fictionalized version of the Battle of Mount Austen, which was part of the Guadalcanal Campaign in the Pacific Theater of World War II. It portrays soldiers of C Company, 1st Battalion, 27th Infantry Regiment	Regiment	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
Nikkatsu was promoting lead actor Tamio Kawachi as one of its Bad Boy Trio, along with Akira Kobayashi and Tadao Sawamoto. Kurahara asked him to think of his character as a " hungry lion roaring at the sun. " He turned in what writer Mark Schilling described	described	VERB	as	ADP	 as
" On 19 July 2012, Defence Secretary Philip Hammond indicated in a speech in the United States that the UK would order an initial 48 F 35B aircraft to be operated jointly by the Royal Air Force and Fleet Air Arm. In November 2015, the government announced	announced	VERB	its	PRON	 its
The episode was written by Herbert Wright, based on a story by Richard Krzemien, and directed by Richard Colla. The guest cast included Armin Shimerman, Jake Dengel and Tracey Walter. Although this was Shimerman's first appearance as a Ferengi, he had previously filmed	filmed	VERB	his	PRON	 his
The final scene of the episode was originally going to feature the Toothpick Man, the alien leader of the New Syndicate played by Alan Dale, informing U.S. President George W. Bush, played by actor Gary Newton, of Mulder's escape. The scene was filmed,	,	PUNCT	but	CCONJ	 but
It suffered from wet and dry rot, vibrations from traffic on the busy nearby road had damaged the fabric of the building and thieves had stolen the lead off the roof. Donald Insall Associates, a specialist conservation architectural firm, was commissioned by Richmond upon Thames Council	Council	PROPN	to	PART	 to
Route 5 passes under Route 63 and enters Fort Lee, where the route immediately intersects Bergen Boulevard, which provides access to Route 63. From there, the road heads east through wooded neighborhoods before turning north onto Glen Road. Route 5 comes to an intersection with	with	ADP	County	PROPN	 County
The Cacchios transferred ownership of the property to the Theatre Collective on August 19, 2010. Since its purchase, the Theatre has had several equipment upgrades, including a move to digital cinema. The first building constructed on the site now occupied by the Theatre was reputedly	reputedly	ADV	a	DET	 a
In a series of studies published in the 1930s, psychologist Bill Goldfarb noted not only deficits in the ability to form relationships, but also in the IQ of institutionalised children as compared to a matched group in foster care. In another study conducted in the 1930s,	,	PUNCT	Harold	PROPN	 Harold
Reid states that although speculation behind the editorial decision to allow the paralysis of the character to become permanent included the idea she had become outdated, " if audiences had grown tired of Batgirl, it was not because she was a bad character but because she had been	been	AUX	written	VERB	 written
The first arrest made under the law involved a person who publicly protested with a sign containing a pro LGBT message. The legislation was also alleged to lead to an increase in homophobic violence in Russia by groups opposed to the LGBT rights movement; Russian LGBT Network chairman	chairman	NOUN	Igor	PROPN	 Igor
The rivalry quickly took on a patriotic flavour, with Galloway's blue colours of Scotland clashing O'Shaunnesy's green colours of Ireland, mirroring the Old Firm football derby between Rangers and Celtic, respectively. This football allusion became particularly prominent when the two met again at Verona	Verona	PROPN	Football	PROPN	 Football
However, in dry forests on Great Exuma in The Bahamas, F. aurea establishes exclusively on palms, in spite of the presence of several other large trees that should provide suitable hosts. Eric Swagel and colleagues attributed this to the fact that humus accumulates on the leaf	leaf	NOUN	bases	NOUN	 bases
Due to this, he often clashes with his partners (who are unaware of this). Rex and Hannah grieve each other's death after the accident, coping in different ways: In the " red reality " Hannah begins to redecorate the house, while in	in	ADP	the	DET	 the
Before Imbudo struck, officials evacuated over 14,000 people to at least 60 shelters. Government offices were closed along the typhoon's path, and schools were closed in the capital, Manila. PAGASA issued a number 4 warning signal, the highest level, for three northern	northern	ADJ	provinces	NOUN	 provinces
" Hail Eärendil, brightest of stars! " And in The Silmarillion, the phrase Utúlie ' n aurë! Aiya Eldalië ar Atanatári, utúlie ' n aurë! " The day has come! Behold, people of the Eldar and Fathers of Men, the day	day	NOUN	has	AUX	 has
On 12 March 1942, with this reorganization complete the division was redesignated the 29th Infantry Division and began preparing for deployment to Europe. The division was sent to England on 5 October 1942 on RMS Queen Mary. It was based throughout England and Scotland, where it	it	PRON	immediately	ADV	 immediately
" Most restrictive of all are horses identified as " straight Egyptian " by the Pyramid Society, which must trace in all lines to the desert and also to horses owned or bred by specific Egyptian breeding programs. By this definition, straight Egyptian Arabians constitute only 2	2	NUM	%	NOUN	%
Taylor described the performance as " very cordial ", with the audience close to performers, and that " one show is never the same as the next because of the songs, of what they are. Blues is about how you feel today. One day,	,	PUNCT	you	PRON	 you
The game also contained a bug, causing the game to freeze and the screen to blur when friends signed out of and into the PlayStation Network. The IGN review was edited shortly thereafter, removing all references to the PS3 version's bugs, causing controversy in the	the	DET	PlayStation	PROPN	 PlayStation
The term in office of Senator from Florida David Levy Yulee expired in 1850. He sought reappointment, but he had aligned himself too strongly with the Fire eaters, and also had antagonized some commercial interests in the state. The moderates who favored working within the Union	Union	PROPN	still	ADV	 still
There have been occasional claims that the woolly mammoth is not extinct, and that small isolated herds might survive in the vast and sparsely inhabited tundra of the Northern Hemisphere. In the 19th century, several reports of " large shaggy beasts " were passed on to the	the	DET	Russian	ADJ	 Russian
These requests can include passing cars, drifting around bends, driving through marked lanes, knocking over cones, and avoiding crashes into objects for as long as possible. If successful, the player receives hearts from the passenger. Crashing into the scenery results in the player	player	NOUN	losing	VERB	 losing
Profiting by its success, Jerningham followed it up in successive years with other poems on the theme of nuns, in which the connection with Gray ’ s work, though less close, was maintained in theme, form and emotional tone: “ The Magdalens: an	an	DET	elegy	NOUN	 elegy
" She might deny other religions, the existence of evil, mesmerism, astrology, numerology and the symptoms of whatever the illness is. She concludes, Fraser writes, by asserting that disease is a lie, that this is the word of God and that it	it	PRON	has	VERB	 has
The managements of Supermarine and Vickers were able to convince the Air Ministry that the problems could be overcome and further orders were placed for 200 Spitfires on 24 March 1938, the two orders covering the K, L and N prefix serial numbers. In February 1936 the	the	DET	director	NOUN	 director
The book follows Harry Potter, a young wizard, in his third year at Hogwarts School of Witchcraft and Wizardry. Along with friends Ron Weasley and Hermione Granger, Harry investigates Sirius Black, an escaped prisoner from Azkaban who they believe is one of Lord Voldemort's	's	PART	old	ADJ	 old
After Battle of Berezina Napoleon succeeded to escape but had to abandon much of the remaining artillery and baggage train. On 5 December, shortly before arriving in Vilnius, Napoleon left the army in a sledge. The French suffered greatly in the course of a ruinous retreat	retreat	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
Fat Tony & Co. was confirmed on 3 August 2013, with series production beginning on 5 August 2013. It was not branded as Underbelly due to changes in funding with Screen Australia, but chronologically acts as a direct sequel to the first series of the show,	,	PUNCT	with	ADP	 with
Players can navigate the game world and select missions via a world map accessed between levels. While playing, a mini map allows the player to see enemy locations, and a full screen map can be switched to that covers the entire area and shows mission objectives.	.	PUNCT	Drakengard	PROPN	 Drakengard
Ken was kicked out of home on New Year's Day 1990. Their on / off relationship continued, with each having various other liaisons, until producers decided to reunite Ken and Deidre in 1999. Roache said, " I was pleased. It seemed to fit	fit	VERB	perfectly	ADV	 perfectly
As in Heyer's other novels, her word choice frequently highlights the fact that the heroine's behavior diverges from the socially accepted feminine ideal of the Regency period. Rather than repel others, the unwillingness to conform to the expected behavioural norms endears the heroine to the	the	DET	hero	NOUN	 hero
Ramirez, McKidd and Wilson also perform together on Snow Patrol's " Chasing Cars. " Ramirez is the lead vocalist on " The Story " by Brandi Carlile, and " Grace " by Kate Havnevik, which also features the other female cast members, including Leigh	Leigh	PROPN	and	CCONJ	 and
" However, the writers could not determine where to go from there. Following Humphris ' earlier pitch of Bobby being an expert exorcist because of a previous failed exorcism, the focus changed to Bobby's torment about killing his demonically possessed wife. Other planned dream sequences	sequences	NOUN	were	AUX	 were
Some tracks were composed using Eno and Peter Schmidt's Oblique Strategies cards: " Boys Keep Swinging " entailed band members swapping instruments, " Move On " used the chords from Bowie's early composition " All the Young Dudes " played backwards, and " Red Money	Money	PROPN	"	PUNCT	 "
Rockefeller spent the last 40 years of his life in retirement at his estate, Kykuit, in Westchester County, New York. His fortune was mainly used to create the modern systematic approach of targeted philanthropy. He was able to do this through the creation of foundations	foundations	NOUN	that	PRON	 that
In 2006, the Super 12 expanded to form the Super 14 when the Western Force from Perth, Australia, and the Central Cheetahs from the Free State and Northern Cape Provinces, South Africa joined the competition. An unbeaten run of sixteen matches was nearly halted when	when	SCONJ	the	DET	 the
Director Enzo Castellari also makes a cameo appearance in the film at the movie premiere. He previously cameoed as a German in his own Inglorious Bastards and reprised the same role in this film, but under a different rank and SS organization. Bo Svenson, who starred	starred	VERB	in	ADP	 in
Also, Bill suggested that Stan take Sparky to a Barbra Streisand concert. The disappearance of Big Gay Al at the end of the episode is a spoof of Dr. Lao's disappearance at the end of the movie The 7 Faces of Dr. Lao. Big Gay Al	Al	PROPN	's	PART	's
" Furthermore, Richard M. Gale argued that premise three, the " possibility premise ", begs the question. He stated that one only has the epistemic right to accept the premise if one understands the nested modal operators, and that if one understands them within the	the	DET	system	NOUN	 system
As the rivalry has intensified in recent years, the teams have battled more often for playoff position. The Mets won the division in 2006, while the Phillies won five consecutive division titles from 2007 to 2011. The Phillies ' 2007 championship was won on the last	last	ADJ	day	NOUN	 day
Although interests in human anatomy had a long tradition in the Western world, a forensic book such as Song Ci's did not appear in Western works until Roderic de Castro's book in the 17th century. There have been several modern books published about Song Ci's	's	PART	writing	NOUN	 writing
Larn also uses a fixed time feature, in that the player had only so many turns to complete a goal, though there were ways to jump back in time as to extend play. This was further limited by the stamina decay created by the need to feed	feed	VERB	the	DET	 the
" Although interest has been expressed in adapting Saga for film or TV, Vaughan and Staples reaffirmed their desire not to do so in an August 2013 interview, with Vaughan stating that the point of Saga as he conceived it was " to do absolutely everything I could	could	AUX	n't	PART	n't
Frank Black Francis, a double album bridging the gap between his two personas, was released to coincide with the Pixies reunion tour. The first disc consisted of solo demos of Pixies songs recorded the day before The Purple Tape was recorded, and the second contained studio	studio	NOUN	collaborations	NOUN	 collaborations
While presenting its 2010 – 11 season schedule on May 21, 2010, The CW announced its intention to air Hellcats in the United States after America's Next Top Model on Wednesday nights starting September 8, 2010, at 9 pm. The series moved to Tuesday	Tuesday	PROPN	nights	NOUN	 nights
(January 22, 1910 – June 19, 1976) was a professional baseball player for 23 years from 1929 to 1951. He played portions of three seasons in Major League Baseball as an outfielder for the Philadelphia Phillies in 1934, and as a pinch hitter and	and	CCONJ	pitcher	NOUN	 pitcher
The following season, the powerhouse Bruins shattered dozens of league offensive records. Orr himself finished second in league scoring while setting records that still stand for points in a season by a defenceman and for plus minus (+ 124) by any position player. Orr's	's	PART	Bruins	PROPN	 Bruins
In the ride's climax, Doctor Octopus lifts the Scoop up to a height of 400 feet (120 m) using the anti gravity cannon. A number of synchronised effects help achieve this without the vehicle leaving the ground. These include a movable building set,	,	PUNCT	lighting	VERB	 lighting
The Director's minutes read: " It was decided also that Messrs A. Leitch be instructed to value the cost of complete renewal of damaged properties and that a claim should be forwarded to the War Damage Claims department within the prescribed 30 days. " The damage referred	referred	VERB	to	PART	 to
Their efforts resulted in a primarily dance pop record, which Cyrus ' record label acknowledged differed from the original plans for the project. Its lyrical themes revolve largely around breaking free of constraints and expectations, which are largely mentioned in the context of romantic relationships. Upon	Upon	SCONJ	its	PRON	 its
On October 1, 2010, MTA awarded a $431 million contract to joint venture SSK Constructors for the mining of the tunnels connecting the 72nd Street station to the existing Lexington Avenue – 63rd Street station, and for the excavation and heavy civil structures of the 72nd	72nd	ADJ	Street	PROPN	 Street
The freestanding sculptures include amongst others: a larger than life sandstone sculpture of Hercules fighting the Nemean Lion, at the eastern entrance to the park, was modelled in 1787 by Gottfried Schadow and executed in 1791 by Conrad Nicolas Boy. The work originally decorated a bridge	bridge	NOUN	over	ADP	 over
According to Winnick, the Edison family was shaped after characters from EC Comics and Warren Publishing magazines. The sentient meteor that brainwashes Dr. Fred was inspired by a segment from the 1982 anthology film Creepshow. A man eating plant, similar to that of Little Shop of	of	ADP	Horrors	NOUN	 Horrors
In its original American broadcast on March 3, 1993, " Three Men and Adena " was watched by 7.08 million households, according to Nielsen ratings. The episode received a 7.6 rating / 12 share. It was among the lowest rated major network shows from that	that	DET	evening	NOUN	 evening
She was convinced that this would strengthen the royal family morally and physically. Louise became engaged to the Marquess of Lorne on 3 October 1870. Lorne was invited to Balmoral Castle in Scotland, and accompanied Louise, the Lord Chancellor, Lord Hatherley and Queen Victoria's	's	PART	lady	NOUN	 lady
The carriage pole ends in a phoenix head, and the carriage is drawn by four horses. The escort was formerly of 18 men, but in the 4th year of the Yongxi reign period (987) the emperor Taizong increased it to 30. In the 5th	5th	ADJ	year	NOUN	 year
The song marked Spears's highest sales debut since her 2011 number one hit " Hold It Against Me ". " Work Bitch " also had commercial success in the UK debuting and peaking at number 7 on the UK Singles Chart and also peaked at number 2 on	on	ADP	the	DET	 the
Chauvel distinguished himself fighting alongside a group of New Zealanders and capturing a Maxim gun. The Queensland Mounted Infantry participated in the capture of Pretoria and the Battle of Diamond Hill. Chauvel was given a mixed force of British, Australian, Canadian and New Zealand mounted troops	troops	NOUN	that	PRON	 that
" When asked in an interview with Australia's Herald Sun if Brown knew him, Harris replied, " Well, he's never heard of me, that's the funniest thing. But the producer he's worked with, DJ Frank E, has definitely heard	heard	VERB	of	ADP	 of
CrossCountry services are usually formed of Class 220 and 221 Voyager diesel electric multiple units, with some services between Scotland and the South West employing HST sets. The standard journey time to London Paddington is 90 minutes, to Cardiff Central 40 minutes, to Birmingham New Street	Street	PROPN	75	NUM	 75
Of the 200 papers published each year that receive the most citations, about 10% are based on Hubble data. Although the HST has clearly helped astronomical research, its financial cost has been large. A study on the relative astronomical benefits of different sizes of telescopes	telescopes	NOUN	found	VERB	 found
By September 8, the system had developed enough convection near its center of circulation to be classified Subtropical Depression Eight while located southeast of Cape Hatteras, North Carolina. Later that day, data from a Hurricane Hunter reconnaissance aircraft indicated that the system had strengthened into a	a	DET	subtropical	ADJ	 subtropical
While living at the Kirchherrs ' house his condition got worse, and after collapsing again on 10 April 1962, he was taken to hospital by Kirchherr (who rode with him in the ambulance), but he died before the ambulance reached the hospital. The cause	cause	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
Currently, the only known sightings of this species since the 1980s are in rivers in Sri Lanka. Fewer than 20 specimens are available for study, and most aspects of its natural history are unknown. It probably feeds on bony fishes, cephalopods, and crustaceans,	,	PUNCT	and	CCONJ	 and
Chien Shiung Wu and collaborators in 1957 discovered that the weak interaction violates parity, earning Yang and Lee the 1957 Nobel Prize in Physics. Although the weak interaction was once described by Fermi's theory, the discovery of parity violation and renormalization theory suggested that a new	new	ADJ	approach	NOUN	 approach
Nervous and choppy, she makes Debbie Harry sound as smooth as Jay Z. " The magazine also said that the worst moment of the song is when after rapping, Madonna sings ' Nothing is what it seems ' with no profundity. Stephen Thompson of The A.V. Club	Club	PROPN	considered	VERB	 considered
For example, it is used to enhance storytelling, it is indispensable in dance (1, 4) and opera, and is usually incorporated into dramatic film or theatre productions. Music is also a universal and popular type of entertainment on its own, constituting an	an	DET	entire	ADJ	 entire
For the original model, Holden replaced the long serving Kingswood and Premier large cars developed in Australia, with another rear wheel drive (RWD) platform that was, however, based on a smaller European design by Opel, re engineered for Australian conditions. Subsequent series	series	NOUN	became	VERB	 became
At Atlantis, they meet the Atlantean Emperor, Lord Royal Highness who shows them a grand tour of the fortress. During the tour, Mr. Krabs, Sandy, and Squidward each get distracted by places in Atlantis; Mr. Krabs unsurprisingly by the treasury room, Sandy	Sandy	ADJ	by	ADP	 by
This damage, ahead of the armoured bulkhead, could have been implosion damage suffered while Hood sank, as a torpedo room that had been removed during one of her last refits approximates the site of the break. It was the opinion of Mearns and White who investigated	investigated	VERB	the	DET	 the
The resemblance to Geastrum species (also known as true earthstars) accounts for the common name " false earthstar ". The specific name is derived from the Greek words ὑγρός (hygros) " wet " and μέτρον (metron) " measure ". The German Mycological	Mycological	PROPN	Society	PROPN	 Society
In response, Marvel agreed to air footage from Age of Ultron during the episode of Agents of S.H.I.E.L.D. that was originally scheduled to premiere the trailer. At the end of October, Marvel Comic's Editor in Chief Axel Alonso stated there were comic tie in plans for	for	ADP	the	DET	 the
Cook later admitted that they were shocked by the backlash in the press and among the parents of their audience. As part of his severance package, Moran continued to collect song royalties and was granted use of The Wiggles ' studios. In mid 2012, The Wiggles	Wiggles	PROPN	announced	VERB	 announced
Shooting for the film was conducted in Kota, Jakarta, and Semarang, Central Java, over a period of one month. Soeriaatmadja later recalled that the most difficult scenes to shoot were those which happened in modern times, especially the riots; for set design,	,	PUNCT	however	ADV	 however
Following the Korean War, Boxer returned to the United States. She conducted a tour of the Pacific throughout 1954 which was relatively uneventful, followed by a rest in the United States and another tour in the Pacific in late 1955 and early 1956, which was similarly	similarly	ADV	uneventful	ADJ	 uneventful
Parturition also occurs continuously in Australian waters; in the Herald Bight of Shark Bay, the number of newborns peaks in April and again in July. One proposed explanation for the lack of reproductive seasonality in these subpopulations is a lengthier and / or more complex reproductive cycle	cycle	NOUN	than	SCONJ	 than
Speculation that an extended jam session would be released either under the title Mechanical Bliss, or Naked in the Jungle, or Stiff Upper Lip, came to nothing, and Morrison's next album was A Period of Transition in 1977, a collaboration with Dr. John,	,	PUNCT	who	PRON	 who
The bees store these compounds in specialized spongy pouches inside their swollen hind legs, as they appear to use the scent (or derivatives thereof) in order to attract females. However, the flower is constructed in such a way as to make the surface almost impossible	impossible	ADJ	to	PART	 to
You always hear how trades are part of the game and that you don't have any control over them. When it happens, it's a shock. It just blows me away. " Suter's tenure with the Whalers lasted only one day, as Hartford	Hartford	PROPN	immediately	ADV	 immediately
The same document declares that " there were no other bishoprics and monasteries in Hungary " at that time. On the other hand, the nearly contemporary Bishop Thietmar of Merseburg stated that Stephen " established bishoprics in his kingdom " before being crowned king. If the latter	latter	ADJ	report	NOUN	 report
If the electrode is positively charged, the base metal will be hotter, increasing weld penetration and welding speed. Alternatively, a negatively charged electrode results in more shallow welds. Nonconsumable electrode processes, such as gas tungsten arc welding, can use either type of direct	direct	ADJ	current	NOUN	 current
She also appeared briefly as an extra in the 2010 film She's Out of My League. Her first featured television appearance was in the 2011 episode " Back To Max " from the Disney Channel series Wizards of Waverly Place where she sang " America the Beautiful "	"	PUNCT	to	PART	 to
Pip, a chipmunk friend of Giselle who has no trouble expressing himself through speech in Andalasia, loses his ability to speak in the real world and must communicate by acting. Jon McLaughlin as himself singing " So Close " at the ball while Robert and Giselle dance	dance	VERB	together	ADV	 together
Correlation between the Hoy volcanics and the other two exposures has been proposed, but differences in chemistry means this remains uncertain. Lamprophyre dykes of Late Permian age are found throughout Orkney. Glacial striation and the presence of chalk and flint erratics that originated from the bed of	of	ADP	the	DET	 the
That evening the North Koreans were strongly reinforced, attacking the Australian southern flank manned by D Company 3 RAR, and partially penetrating their perimeter. After two hours of fighting the assault was repulsed, and the North Koreans subsequently launched a furious assault against A Company 3	3	NUM	RAR	NOUN	 RAR
The record sold 227,000 copies in its first week of release, ahead of A Tribe Called Quest's The Love Movement and Lauryn Hill's The Miseducation Of Lauryn Hill. In Norway and Germany, the album peaked at numbers 39 and 66, respectively. In 1999	1999	NUM	,	PUNCT	,
His albums Wings of a Stranger, Limestone, and Blood Mates have been described as groundbreaking due to his highly original style. Prior to the 1930s, Barbadian calypso was called banja, and was performed by laborers in village tenantry areas. Itinerant minstrels like Mighty Jerry	Jerry	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
Following his NHL draft, he underwent surgery for chipped bones in his left elbow in August 1993. As a result, he was unable to participate in the Islanders ' training camp in September and was returned to the OHL. Playing in his third season for Guelph	Guelph	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
On January 11, Torbush hired then Texas A & M running backs coach Ken Rucker to fill the new position of special teams coach. To fill Torbush's former job as offensive coordinator, he hired Texas A & M offensive coordinator Steve Marshall, who filled the	the	DET	position	NOUN	 position
From 1880 to 1850 million years ago, the region was volcanically active. This volcanism ceased 1850 million years ago when a fragment of Archean crust arrived from the South at the subduction zone. Collision of this Archean crust in the south with the Superior craton in the	the	DET	North	PROPN	 North
The fragment speaks of a very powerful pagan prince, residing in the Vistulan country, who reviled the Christians and caused them great harm. He was warned by St. Methodius ' emissaries speaking on the missionary's behalf (St. Methodius himself may have been acting as Svatopluk	Svatopluk	PROPN	's	PART	's
He suffered from breathing problems due to high altitude and emphysema and was taken to a local hospital. His publicist Elaine Schock confirmed soon after that Nelson's health was good and that he was heading to his next scheduled concert in Dallas, Texas. After repeated instances	instances	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
As leader of the Colorado River band of Mohave, Irataba encouraged peaceful relations with whites, served as a mediator between the warring tribes in the area, and during his later years continued to lead the Mohave in their ongoing conflicts with the Paiute and Chemehuevi. Some	Some	PRON	consider	VERB	 consider
Examples of Fortune 500 companies not based on Texas traditional industries are AT & T, Kimberly Clark, Blockbuster, J. C. Penney, Whole Foods Market, and Tenet Healthcare. Nationally, the Dallas – Fort Worth area, home to the second shopping mall in the	the	DET	United	PROPN	 United
In the other, Edward III falls in love with the countess, and arranges to be alone with her so he can rape her. Neither story is supported by contemporary evidence, and the latter almost certainly is a product of French propaganda. William and Catherine had	had	VERB	six	NUM	 six
The method used by ectoprocts is known as " upstream collecting ", as food particles are captured before they pass through the field of cilia that creates the feeding current. This method is also used by phoronids, brachiopods and pterobranchs. The lophophore and mouth are mounted	mounted	VERB	on	ADP	 on
Perhaps due to illness, he chose not to flee the colony. Instead, Carroll offered support and legal advice to Calvert and became an outspoken critic of the Protestant government. He was jailed twice for insulting the new colonial leaders, including Governor Lionel Copley, who	who	PRON	accused	VERB	 accused
Wiggins is married to Catherine (née Cockran), whom he met during the 2002 Commonwealth Games, after first meeting as juniors in 1997; they have two children together, Ben and Isabella. The family lives in Eccleston, Lancashire, close to the Manchester Velodrome	Velodrome	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
Reef Younis of Clash perceived an emotional context to the album, writing that, " where [Flying Lotus] grieved on Cosmogramma, he believes on Until The Quiet Comes and there's a burgeoning sense of hope and coherence and optimism ". Arnold Pan of PopMatters	PopMatters	PROPN	calls	VERB	 calls
In April 2009, the government released a new labelling scheme for digital television devices, to help people buy the correct equipment in the transition from analog to digital television. Televisions had the following labels: Digital TV Capable - for analog TVs which required a set top	top	NOUN	box	NOUN	 box
Jean Béliveau, a former member of the rival Montreal Canadiens, expressed sadness upon the news, stating " I was certainly happy to play against him, and I'm so sorry to hear (of his death) ". He would add " He was a	a	DET	complete	ADJ	 complete
Accounts from the early 1900s describe the parrots traveling away from the Luquillo forest and the Sierra de Cayey towards the main island's coast to find food. At the same time, the species was extirpated from Puerto Rico's smaller islands — Culebra, Vieques and Mona	Mona	PROPN	—	PUNCT	 —
The first quarter of the film features Bond's subsequent visit to McTarry Castle in Scotland, on a quest to return the only piece of M's remains recovered after the attack — his bright red toupée. Subsequently, Bond — played by David Niven — becomes the	the	DET	new	ADJ	 new
Meanwhile, forces loyal to Michael in Wallachia led by his son, Nicolae Pătraşcu, drove Simion Movilă out of Moldavia and prepared to reenter Transylvania. Michael, allied with Basta, defeated the Hungarian army in Battle of Guruslău. A few days later Basta, who	who	PRON	sought	VERB	 sought
After DelaCerna stated that she would always make sure Copeland could dance, both the emancipation papers and restraining orders were dropped. Copeland, who claimed she did not understand the term emancipation, withdrew the petition after informing the judge that such charges no longer represented her wishes	wishes	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
In the eastern Atlantic, it occurs from the southern Bay of Biscay to Angola, including the Mediterranean Sea, Madeira, and the Canary Islands. A single record from Quilon, India was likely a misidentification. One of the deepest diving stingrays, the roughtail stingray	stingray	NOUN	has	AUX	 has
Hotaru learns that her friend is supernatural and that touching Gin will cause him to disappear forever. Hotaru returns every summer to spend time with Gin, and their relationship matures as both struggle with its limitations. The inspiration to write the story came suddenly to Midorikawa,	,	PUNCT	who	PRON	 who
It was one of the earliest hotels on the continent of Europe to specifically cater for the British elite. The hotel was rebuilt in 1954 – 55. It has 41 en suite rooms. The main centre of night activity in Calais is at the Casino Le Touquet	Touquet	PROPN	’	PUNCT	 ’
The first government action against native languages came in 1953, when the use of Taiwanese or Japanese for instruction was forbidden. The next move to suppress the movement came in 1955, when the use of POJ for proselytizing was outlawed. At that point in time there	there	PRON	were	VERB	 were
Prior to its official release, the Xbox One received mixed reviews; the entertainment oriented features were praised, but controversy surrounded several policy changes since the Xbox 360's release, including a proposed always on digital rights management (DRM) system, and concerns over a	a	DET	mandate	NOUN	 mandate
Stewart at first responded happily to this, but then grew visibly frightened once Colbert informed him of O'Brien's response from a few days before. Colbert then began taunting O'Brien, calling him " cheap ", " stupid " and " lazy " — much to Stewart	Stewart	PROPN	's	PART	's
Frank Patrick, a contemporary of McGee's and like him a member of the Hockey Hall of Fame, described McGee: " He was even better than they say he was. He had everything - speed, stickhandling, scoring ability and was a punishing checker.	.	PUNCT	He	PRON	 He
The planned civilian version, the PL 9, would have been an enlarged, twin engined aircraft; however Platt LePage was by now in serious financial difficulty following the cancellation of its Army contract, and in mid 1946 the XR 1's flight test program was concluded	concluded	VERB	,	PUNCT	,
He was imprisoned until 2007, when he was pardoned by Kagame. Between 1994 and 2003, Rwanda was governed by a set of documents combining President Habyarimana's 1991 constitution, the Arusha Accords, and some additional protocols introduced by the transitional government. As required by	by	ADP	the	DET	 the
To support the attack on Lakona, the tanks had to cross a creek with steep coral banks, swollen by a torrential downpour. While efforts were made to bring up a compressor, tanks fired into banks and holes were packed with explosives and detonated. On the	the	DET	evening	NOUN	 evening
Having met a set of stringent economic, governance and human rights criteria, Madagascar became the first country to benefit from the Millennium Challenge Account in 2005. Madagascar's GDP in 2009 was estimated at 8.6 billion USD, with a per capita GDP of $438.	.	PUNCT	Approximately	ADV	 Approximately
Although the site is close to Battersea Park and Queenstown Road stations, it appears to be considered that trains from these stations to Victoria and Waterloo respectively are already heavily loaded. The proposed 2 mile tunnelled extension would branch from the Northern line at Kennington and travel west	west	ADV	to	ADP	 to
Some vehicles were fitted with a 3.7 cm PaK 36 or 5 cm PaK 38 anti tank gun. Sometimes they had the cab and engine compartment armored as well. The Pak 36 was usually carried complete, but the Pak 38 was usually mounted without its wheels on	on	ADP	a	DET	 a
World Dance Colosseum is a two on two dance competition founded in Japan. There are five two on two world championship titles: b boying, locking, popping, hip hop, and house. Japanese dancers qualify for the international final through preliminary tournaments held in the	the	DET	country	NOUN	 country
Bruxner was initially educated in private tuition but was soon sent as a boarder first at St Mark's Crescent School in Darling Point, Sydney and then to The Armidale School, where he became School Captain in 1900. From 1901 to 1903, he studied arts and	and	CCONJ	law	NOUN	 law
It is the tenth film in the Marvel Cinematic Universe. The film was directed by James Gunn, who wrote the screenplay with Nicole Perlman, and features an ensemble cast including Chris Pratt, Zoe Saldana, Dave Bautista, Vin Diesel, Bradley Cooper, Lee Pace	Pace	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
He also derived a salary in his fourth year as business manager of the Acta Victoriana. These sources of income allowed him to rent a small room in a private home, and to subscribe to a meal plan at a local eatery for C $2.50 per week	week	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
Aloneness and renunciation, states the text, is the path to the life of eternity. Beyond heaven, in the heart, that which shines within, states Brahma in verse 3 of the Upanishad, is the destination of those who have understood the meaning of Vedanta	Vedanta	PROPN	doctrine	NOUN	 doctrine
In the winter of 1851 – 52 Verdi decided to go to Paris with Strepponi where he concluded an agreement with the Opéra to write what became Les vêpres siciliennes, his first original work in the style of grand opera. In February 1852, the couple attended a	a	DET	performance	NOUN	 performance
At this time, the Hydrometeorological Prediction Center (HPC) began issuing advisories on the system. The HPC issued their final advisory late on August 17 as the remnants of Claudette began to dissipate over Alabama. The remnants persisted for several more hours before becoming indistinguishable over	over	ADP	Mississippi	PROPN	 Mississippi
A competition was held to find a design for the bridge with a prize of 100 guineas. Entries were received from 22 designers, including Samuel Brown, James Meadows Rendel, William Tierney Clark and William Hazledine. Several were for stone bridges and had estimated costs of	of	ADP	between	ADP	 between
His second book, titled " They Call Me The Craziest One ", is 13 chapters long and talks about his life, idealism, the origins of La Familia Michoacana, their battle against Los Zetas, and his rationale behind joining organized crime. The text reads	reads	VERB	like	ADP	 like
This became the first Valérian album – Bad Dreams was skipped because of its short length – thirty pages – relative to the usual album length of around 46 pages. Every Valérian story up to and including The Rage of Hypsis in 1985 would debut in serial form in	in	ADP	Pilote	PROPN	 Pilote
She called him " a slave driver " in the studio. Diplo commented that he met Madonna because of her kids and then she invited him to a party, and they ended up writing seven songs together. He continued: " I do not usually feel pressured	pressured	ADJ	to	PART	 to
This may be the Bainiardus mentioned in the Domesday Survey (1087) who gave his name to springs near Paddington called Baynard's Watering, later shortened to Bayswater. The castle was inherited by Ralph's son Geoffrey and his grandson William Baynard, but the latter forfeited	forfeited	VERB	his	PRON	 his
In the terrestrial lungless salamanders (family Plethodontidae), no lungs or gills are present, and gas exchange mostly takes place through the skin, supplemented by the tissues lining the mouth. To facilitate this, these salamanders have a dense network of blood vessels just under	under	ADP	the	DET	 the
This is followed by a period of intense volcanism, during which the new volcano erupts almost all (e.g. 98%) of its total magmatic volume. The seamount may even grow above sea level to become an oceanic island (for example, the 2009 eruption of	of	ADP	Hunga	PROPN	 Hunga
The DS version followed in 2008 in Japan on January 17, in North America on January 22, in Australasia on February 7, in Europe on February 8, and in South Korea on June 26. Both versions were published by Nintendo for Japan (where it	it	PRON	is	AUX	 is
In July 1971, Brown sold the company to the Connecticut based Heublein, a packaged food and drinks corporation, for US $285 million (around US $1.6 billion in 2013). Brown personally gained around $35 million from the sale. Reuters opined that	that	SCONJ	the	DET	 the
During his career, Chamberlain competed against future Hall of Famers including Russell, Thurmond, Lucas, and Walt Bellamy. He later faced Unseld, Abdul Jabbar, Dave Cowens, and Elvin Hayes. From a historical NBA perspective, the rivalry between Chamberlain and his perennial	perennial	ADJ	nemesis	NOUN	 nemesis
Leech instructed Barber to prepare new designs for the dime, quarter, and half dollar, and after the chief engraver made changes to secure Leech's endorsement, they were approved by President Benjamin Harrison in November 1891. Striking of the new coins began the following January	January	PROPN	.	PUNCT	.
The storm was later picked up by the trough, moving away from land and moved to the north. Debby strengthened further, becoming a minimal hurricane late on September 14. The hurricane deepened further, reaching maximum winds of 110 mph (180 km / h)	)	PUNCT	,	PUNCT	,
Angle is set to compete for ICW on November 20 at Fear & Loathing IX. Angle has expressed interest on several occasions in pursuing an acting career after retiring from professional wrestling. In 2008, he made his film debut as a racist prison deputy in the short	short	ADJ	film	NOUN	 film
Following the Virginia Tech win, Georgia Tech defeated Virginia, Vanderbilt, Wake Forest (in overtime) and Duke. The Duke victory raised Georgia Tech to 10 wins, the school's first time at that mark since 1990, and the Yellow Jackets were ranked No	No	PROPN	.	NOUN	.
Other common names include the ' blue nose whiting ' in reference to the colour of the nose in fish of larger sizes, and ' summer whiting ', a name often applied to S. analis as well. This name is applied to these species as they move	move	VERB	from	ADP	 from
Each of the four battleships carried a wide array of 20 mm and 40 mm anti aircraft guns for defense against enemy aircraft. When reactivated and modernized in the 1980s each battleship retained the original battery of nine 16 inch (406 mm) guns, but the secondary	secondary	ADJ	battery	NOUN	 battery
As part of their cultural education, students must transcribe five of these texts into lined textbooks at the Eskaya schools. The Eskaya writings mentioned by researchers are as follows: Abedeja, Ang Alpabeto sa Katsila, Ang Damgo ni Hurayhaber, Ang Lingganay na Ugís, Ang	Ang	PROPN	mga	NOUN	 mga
In his first appearance in King of Fighters ' 94, Rugal is shown wearing red formal clothes and with his right eye covered, having lost it in a previous confrontation. After his initial defeat, Rugal appears in a battle outfit composed of a sleeveless green shirt	shirt	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
In the 1990s, one model for doing this involved convective overturn, which suggests that convection, either from neutrinos from below, or infalling matter from above, completes the process of destroying the progenitor star. Heavier elements than iron are formed during this explosion by neutron	neutron	PROPN	capture	NOUN	 capture
Sometimes, the reddish stipe colour of mature mushrooms or harvested specimens that are a few days old disappears completely, and is replaced with ochre brown tones. The pale yellow flesh stains blue when broken, the discolouration spreading out from the damaged area. Its smell can	can	AUX	be	AUX	 be
Their father Marlow was a senior player in the 1950s, and helped found and coach the Madison Capitols minor hockey system that all four boys played with in their youth. Gary idolized his brother Bob, who was a member of the American " Miracle on Ice "	"	PUNCT	team	NOUN	 team
Rajab is an active user of online media in his human rights work, in particular social networking sites such as Facebook and Twitter. He stopped posting in Internet forums in order to encourage support for social network based campaigning. He devotes significant time and effort to his	his	PRON	Twitter	PROPN	 Twitter
On 2 December 2009, the singer performed the song on The National Lottery Draws. The following day on 3 December 2009, Lewis on the BBC Radio 2 show Live Sessions with Ken Bruce, as part of a set list which included " Bleeding Love ",	,	PUNCT	"	PUNCT	 "
The episode also serves as an example of the series ' " self consciousness in terms of its status as a (fictional) television " show. M. Keith Booker, in the book Strange TV, notes that " allu [sion] to films and works of	of	ADP	literature	NOUN	 literature
They would have been protected by a waterline main belt of Vickers cemented armor that sloped outwards 15 degrees at the top. Amidships it would have been 280 mm (11 in) thick and 254 mm (10 in) thick fore and aft. Approximately 1.83 meters	meters	NOUN	(	PUNCT	 (
In honor of his accomplishments, Ford Road was named in his honor before his death in March 1905. Ford Road remained in township jurisdiction until August 29, 1924 when it was transferred to Wayne County control. It was transferred again to state control on December 2	2	NUM	,	PUNCT	,
She was then assigned to the Atlantic Fleet. Five days after her commissioning, the ship steamed out of Philadelphia for her shakedown cruise, which took the ship to the Caribbean Sea and included stops in the Danish West Indies and Cuba, before returning to the United	United	PROPN	States	PROPN	 States
Albany was formally chartered as a municipality by provincial Governor Thomas Dongan on July 22, 1686. The Dongan Charter was virtually identical in content to the charter awarded to the city of New York three months earlier. Dongan created Albany as a strip of land 1 mile	mile	NOUN	(	PUNCT	 (
The next morning three Seattle homicide detectives and a criminalist combed the entire alleyway on their hands and knees, finding nothing. After Hawkins's disappearance was publicized, witnesses came forward to report seeing a man that night in the alley behind a nearby dormitory, on crutches	crutches	NOUN	with	ADP	 with
All of the Americans were killed or captured; none of Brant's men were injured. According to a detailed list prepared by Brant and sent to Detroit, 37 Americans were killed and 64 were captured. Some of the American dead — some sources say most —	—	PUNCT	had	AUX	 had
Knights and Ladies of the Thistle are assigned positions in the order of precedence, ranking above all others of knightly rank except the Order of the Garter, and above baronets. Wives, sons, daughters and daughters in law of Knights of the Thistle also feature on	on	ADP	the	DET	 the
" The Times, on the other hand, was enthusiastic: " It is a remarkable piece of work from so young a head – spontaneous, light, and always ' brainy '. " The play ran for a month (and was Coward's first play	play	NOUN	seen	VERB	 seen
In the Throne Speech delivered by Governor General Michaëlle Jean on March 3, 2010, a plan to have parliament review the " original gender neutral wording of the national anthem " was announced. However, three quarters of Canadians polled after the speech objected to the proposal	proposal	NOUN	and	CCONJ	 and
Although the BBC did not ask outright, Bartley's impression was that the organization wanted the film to be " against Chávez ". Fraser later said he had asked for the filmmakers to " include [an interview] with someone not a Chávez supporter ". He	He	PRON	also	ADV	 also
He blamed what he saw as Durbrow's poor judgement for the problems in the alliance, and that the current ambassador could not work effectively anymore because he had " sympathized strongly " with the coup. Without explicitly suggesting himself, Lansdale said that Durbrow had to be	be	AUX	replaced	VERB	 replaced
This behaviour culminated during a gig in Los Angeles in September 1994, leading to inept performance by Liam during which he made offensive remarks about American audiences and hit Noel with a tambourine. The incident upset Noel to such an extent that he temporarily quit the band immediately	immediately	ADV	after	ADP	 after
Approximately at noon of 7 October 1991, Tuđman met with Stjepan Mesić, then President of the Presidency of Yugoslavia and Ante Marković, then Prime Minister of Yugoslavia, both ethnic Croats, in the Banski dvori. The purpose of the meeting was to persuade Marković to	to	PART	leave	VERB	 leave
No. 91 (Composite) Wing was established at the base on 20 October and given administrative responsibility for all RAAF units operating during the conflict. As well as No. 77 Squadron, this included the newly formed No. 391 (Base) Squadron and No	No	PROPN	.	PROPN	.
" Live to Tell " was originally composed by Leonard for the score of Paramount's romantic drama film Fire with Fire. " My managers represented the guy who was directing the film; it was his first film. I saw a little piece of the film,	,	PUNCT	and	CCONJ	 and
My life long regret is that I have lived so long and so uselessly. " Nevertheless, in his last formal speech to the House, Stevens stated that " man still is vile. But such large steps have lately been taken in the true direction, that	that	SCONJ	the	DET	 the
If a memory card is used with a magnetic stripe card, players have additional options; they can enter stored GX machines into the F Zero AX Internet ranking system, and transfer custom AX machine parts to GX. F Zero AX content is also unlockable by progressing	progressing	VERB	through	ADP	 through
Carte replied that they " are what we call ' gags ' ". The queen answered that she had always understood that " gags were things that were put by authority into people's mouths. " Carte rejoined, " These gags, Your Majesty, are things	things	NOUN	people	NOUN	 people
The North lighthouse is 56 feet (17 m) tall, slightly taller than the south one, and has a focal plane of 157 ft (48 m). It produces a quick white flash every 15 seconds, and was originally lit by a 75 mm	mm	NOUN	(	PUNCT	 (
This account states that by September 2010, these leads followed a courier to the Abbottabad urban compound, where the U.S. began intensive multiplatform surveillance. According to journalist Seymour Hersh and NBC News, however, the U.S. was tipped off about Bin Laden's location when a	a	DET	Pakistani	ADJ	 Pakistani
The vast majority (about 75%) of the delegates were or had been members of the Confederation Congress, and many had been members of the Continental Congress during the Revolution. Several had been state governors. Just two delegates, Roger Sherman and Robert Morris,	,	PUNCT	would	AUX	 would
It is a medium sized grey or speckled bird with a small naked head with colourful wattles and a knob on top, and was domesticated by the time of the ancient Greeks and Romans. Guinea fowl are hardy, sociable birds that subsist mainly on insects, but	but	CCONJ	also	ADV	 also
He made his first signing on 15 June, bringing in 21 year old midfielder Tommy Fraser, who had played for Adams at Brighton. After confirming the signing of Adam Yates, who was linked to the club before his arrival, Adams signed Doug Loft, who	who	PRON	had	AUX	 had
Pears quickly became Britten's musical inspiration and close (though for the moment platonic) friend. Britten's first work for him was composed within weeks of their meeting, a setting of Emily Brontë's poem, " A thousand gleaming fires ", for tenor and	and	CCONJ	strings	NOUN	 strings
In 1925, he struck his maiden century against Sydney Boys High School and score two more the following year. Such was his power that the backyard fence at the home of a friend had to be reinforced — McCabe ’ s powerful square drives had been dislodging it	it	PRON	.	PUNCT	.
Upon learning that de Grasse had sailed from the West Indies for North America, and that French Admiral de Barras had also sailed from Newport, Rhode Island, Admiral Graves concluded that they were going to join forces at the Chesapeake. Sailing south from New York with	with	ADP	19	NUM	 19
The mascot was announced by the Organizing Committee during the week of 30 June 2008. It was a lion named Libi and it made its first appearance in the Czech Republic with Neumannová and Czech Republic prime minister Mirek Topolánek at a meeting that same week. Among the	the	DET	social	ADJ	 social
For the early part of the era, the authority of the crown was limited by the large number of minorities it had seen since the early fifteenth century, with every monarch coming to the throne as a minor between 1406 and 1625. This tended to decrease the	the	DET	level	NOUN	 level
The presence of a dune system mitigated the erosion in some areas. There was damage to the Atlantic City Boardwalk. Fire Island National Seashore was affected, washing away an entire row of waterfront houses in towns like Fair Harbor. Following the storm, there was a	a	DET	moratorium	NOUN	 moratorium
Smith gave an interview to the Columbia newspaper The State about his book and his interest in researching the history of the Central Intelligence Agency. He explained that he was long interested in researching military history, and was initially asked by the American Society of Journalists and Authors	Authors	PROPN	to	PART	 to
In that year, Tiberius was also granted the powers of a tribune and proconsul, emissaries from foreign kings had to pay their respects to him, and by AD 13 was awarded with his second triumph and equal level of imperium with that of Augustus. The only	only	ADJ	other	ADJ	 other
Traditionally Caernarfon's design and defences have been thought to have been inspired by the growth of the bastides. The bastides were new planned towns created in both France and English held Gascony during the period, characterised by grids of straight streets, often defended by combinations of	of	ADP	castles	NOUN	 castles
It flows south for a few miles, crossing State Route 4024 and passing through two ponds. It then turns south southwest for more than a mile, entering Union Township. At this point, the creek turns south for a short distance before turning south southwest again	again	ADV	and	CCONJ	 and
Operationally, Karen was classified as a strong tropical storm, but was reclassified as a Category 1 hurricane based on data from the reconnaissance flight late on September 26 and the less organized structure of the storm at that time. A slow weakening trend began early on September	September	PROPN	27	NUM	 27
Rachel's husband, Haimaki Cohen, had aided King George I of Greece in 1913. In return, King George had offered him any service that he could perform, should Cohen ever need it. Cohen's son remembered this during the Nazi threat, and appealed	appealed	VERB	to	ADP	 to
Catwoman's campaign features her own heist focused storyline that intersects with the main story at specific points in the game. Her combat emphasizes agility and allows for the use of unique weapons such as clawed gauntlets, bolas, and her iconic whip. A portion of the	the	DET	Riddler	PROPN	 Riddler
The New York Post's Kyle Smith said Nispel made no attempt to create a movie beyond blood and guts, and even those attempts were " forgettable ". Smith said that apart from Clay and Trent, the rest of the cast were merely " faces in the	the	DET	crowd	NOUN	 crowd
It included four UK hit singles: " Exodus ", " Waiting in Vain ", " Jamming ", and " One Love " (a rendition of Curtis Mayfield's hit, " People Get Ready "). During his time in London, he was	was	AUX	arrested	VERB	 arrested
Negotiations prevented any further bloodshed and the 64th withdrew to Boston, their mission a failure. On the outbreak of hostilities in April 1775, the 64th was still stationed at Castle William and remained there as the garrison throughout the Siege of Boston. Consequently, the regiment	regiment	NOUN	did	AUX	 did
In this same period he wrote Friday Afternoons, a collection of 12 songs for the pupils of Clive House School, Prestatyn, where his brother was headmaster. In February 1935, at Bridge's instigation, Britten was invited to a job interview by the BBC's	's	PART	director	NOUN	 director
" Critic Anupama Chopra also criticized Fernandez, calling her " a pin prick on a balloon ". Later that year, she made a cameo appearance in Sajid Khan's Housefull in the song " Dhanno ". Mahesh Bhatt's thriller Murder 2 was Fernandez's first	first	ADJ	commercial	ADJ	 commercial
A single loop trail runs from the harbor to the oceanfront, and a path following the Spite Highway runs the length of the island. Adams Key is a day use only area for visitors, although two Park Service residences are on the island. Boca Chita Key	Key	PROPN	is	AUX	 is
Cartoon Network was not happy with this story and asked for another. Ward then created a storyboard for the episode " The Enchiridion! ", which was his attempt to emulate the style of the original Nicktoons short. Cartoon Network approved the first season in September 2008	2008	NUM	,	PUNCT	,
And this plague lasted till _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ "; Villani left the " _ _ _ _ _ _ _ " in order to record the time in which the plague was to end. Villani was unable to finish the line as he	he	PRON	succumbed	VERB	 succumbed
Although some of the disciples reached the prison, none managed to breach its defenses. Ten of Long's men were killed, whereas only one sentry perished. The French arrested 65 rebels on the spot, including Tri. Of these, 38 were sentenced to death	death	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
In 1996, Cope gave the rights to The Terrible Towel to the Allegheny Valley School in Coraopolis, Pennsylvania. The school provides care for more than 900 people with mental retardation and physical disabilities, including Cope's autistic son, Danny. Proceeds from the Terrible Towel	Towel	PROPN	have	AUX	 have
Black belts denote the dan ranks. A specific dan rank is represented by the number of white bars embroidered on the black belt. A black belt with no bars is a Junior Black Belt, a rank assigned to members considered too young (typically 15 years or	or	CCONJ	younger	ADJ	 younger
Black said " It belittles that [Fourth] Amendment to talk about it as though it protects nothing but ' privacy '... ' privacy ' is a broad, abstract, and ambiguous concept... The constitutional right of privacy is not found in the Constitution. "	"	PUNCT	Justice	PROPN	 Justice
In 2011, Grey's Anatomy was named the fourth highest revenue earning show of the year, with US $2.67 million per half hour, behind Desperate Housewives, Two and a Half Men, and American Idol at the top. In 2012, the show was	was	AUX	the	DET	 the
Chao have also made appearances in video games outside the Sonic the Hedgehog series. In the 2004 PlayStation 2 game Sega Superstars; the player uses points earned during the game to please a pet Chao. Marking the introduction of the character Sonic the Hedgehog to the 2008	2008	NUM	Wii	PROPN	 Wii
The station was modernized with Russian assistance following independence in 1960, and began offering home service in Somali, Amharic and Oromo. After closing down operations in the early 1990s due to the civil war, the broadcaster was officially re opened in the early 2000s by the	the	DET	Transitional	PROPN	 Transitional
Herodotus suggests that this was because he feared the Greeks would sail to the Hellespont and destroy the pontoon bridges, thereby trapping his army in Europe. He thus left Mardonius, with handpicked troops, to complete the conquest of Greece the following year. Mardonius evacuated Attica	Attica	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
The adult's crown and nape are rich chestnut, and there is a kidney shaped black ear patch on each pure white cheek; the chin, throat, and the area between the bill and throat are black. The upperparts are light brown, streaked with black	black	ADJ	,	PUNCT	,
Newcastle's loss allowed Manchester United to move three points ahead at the top of the league the following day after striker Eric Cantona scored the winning goal against Tottenham Hotspur. Although Newcastle had two games in hand over Manchester United going into April, their advantage was slim	slim	ADJ	in	ADP	 in
Several songs on the album were recorded elsewhere; a studio recorded cover of Creedence Clearwater Revival's " Don't Look Now " was replaced with a live version of the song, and according to Watt, " Love Dance " was written at Ian MacKaye's Dischord	Dischord	PROPN	House	PROPN	 House
A moderate risk day indicates that more widespread and / or more dangerous severe weather is possible (sometimes with major hurricanes), with significant severe weather often more likely. Numerous tornadoes (some of which may be strong and potentially long track), more widespread or	or	CCONJ	severe	ADJ	 severe
When they are asleep on land, both sides of their brain go into sleep mode. Living pinnipeds mainly inhabit polar and subpolar regions, particularly the North Atlantic, the North Pacific and the Southern Ocean. They are entirely absent from Indo Malayan waters. Monk seals	seals	NOUN	and	CCONJ	 and
Native Alabamian Allen Barra sharply criticized Lee and the novel in The Wall Street Journal calling Atticus a " repository of cracker barrel epigrams " and the novel represents a " sugar coated myth " of Alabama history. Barra writes, " It's time to stop pretending that	that	SCONJ	To	PART	 To
" Like a Prayer " also topped the Dance Club Songs chart, while reaching number three on the Adult Contemporary chart and number 20 on the Hot R & B / Hip Hop songs chart. " Like a Prayer " was ranked at number 25 on the Hot	Hot	PROPN	100	NUM	 100
Conrad left the series after the second season, during which period she moved back home and transferred to the Fashion Institute of Design & Merchandising in Los Angeles. After her sister Breanna became a primary cast member, Conrad made a guest appearance on the series during the	the	DET	third	ADJ	 third
As of July 2011, the motorway has seven interchanges providing access to numerous towns and cities and the Croatian state road network. The motorway is operated by the Autocesta Zagreb – Macelj company. An automatic traffic monitoring and guidance system is in place along the motorway.	.	PUNCT	It	PRON	 It
Parkinson's disease affects movement, producing motor symptoms. Non motor symptoms, which include autonomic dysfunction, neuropsychiatric problems (mood, cognition, behavior or thought alterations), and sensory and sleep difficulties, are also common. Some of these non motor symptoms are often	often	ADV	present	ADJ	 present
The National Trust for Scotland purchased the island in 2000 from a local crofters ' syndicate called the Barra Head Isles Sheepstock Company who had owned the island since 1955. The NTS were able to acquire it through a bequest by Miss J. M. Fawcitt “ to provide an	an	DET	area	NOUN	 area
List began regularly writing for a weekly newspaper, the Ostdeutsche Rundschau (" East German Review "), which had been established in 1890 by the Austrian Pan German parliamentary deputy Karl Wolf. In 1891, List anthologised many of the magazine articles that he had written	written	VERB	over	ADP	 over
The film is presumed lost. The film is presumed lost as no known surviving copies of the film exist. A synopsis of the film was published in The Moving Picture World. It states: " Glade and Sears are next door neighbors and old friends. Glade	Glade	PROPN	has	VERB	 has
Syaoran was well received by Japanese readers of Tsubasa: Reservoir Chronicle. In two popularity polls held by Weekly Shōnen Magazine, Syaoran was the most liked character. He was also highly rated in other polls, which included best groups and best scenes from the series.	.	PUNCT	In	ADP	 In
Able was also the strongest hurricane outside of the current hurricane season (June 1 through November 30). However, reanalysis by scientists in 2015 determined that Able was in fact far weaker than originally listed in HURDAT, the official database containing information on storm tracks and	and	CCONJ	intensities	NOUN	 intensities
The invention was unveiled to the public in April 1935 and the first model, the Model A, was made available in June of that year. Over 1,750 churches purchased a Hammond organ in the first three years of manufacturing, and by the end of the 1930s	1930s	NOUN	over	ADP	 over
The British failed to penetrate the Luftwaffe fighter shield, and all six Swordfish were destroyed. Off Dover, Prinz Eugen came under fire from British coastal artillery batteries, though they scored no hits. Several Motor Torpedo Boats then attacked the ship, but Prinz Eugen's	's	PART	destroyer	NOUN	 destroyer
MD 16 was extended north and east through Andersontown to the Delaware state line by 1939, giving the state highway additional concurrencies with MD 313 and MD 404. Also in 1939, US 213 between Easton and Vienna was transferred to a new route via Cambridge; the	the	DET	old	ADJ	 old
" He further added that " It's funny. " The tattoo was described by blogger and TV personality Perez Hilton as one of the " Worst Celebrity Tattoos ". In the same year, A Bathing Ape released SpongeBob themed shoes. Singer Pharrell Williams backed a	a	DET	line	NOUN	 line
The course, initially attended only by men, eventually enrolled over a hundred community members. Others who began their painting careers through that course include Mona Rockman Napaljarri and Louisa Napaljarri. Western Desert artists such as Peggy Rockman will frequently paint particular ' dreamings ', or	or	CCONJ	stories	NOUN	 stories
In Nelson, many people had thought Brunner dead and he readily recognised that he would not have survived his endeavours without the aid of Kehu, writing: "... I found my native Ekehu of much use - invaluable indeed, but the other three rather an encumbrance	encumbrance	NOUN	-	PUNCT	 -
The phrase " peace, order and good government ", they thought, should be understood as referring not just to the inhabitants of BIOT but to the governance of the region. The wording was to be treated " as apt to confer plenary lawmaking authority " and	and	CCONJ	reviewing	VERB	 reviewing
The song has never been performed live, although it was rehearsed extensively in an acoustic form prior to the third leg of the Zoo TV Tour in 1992. The end of the song segued into the beginning of " Zoo Station ", leading concert historian Pimm Jal	Jal	PROPN	de	PROPN	 de
Winton organised the transfer of the children from the Nazi appointed Protectorate of Bohemia and Moravia to homes in Britain, in the process arranging the necessary bonds and permits for their departure, and finding the families in Britain who would receive the children. Winton and a team	team	NOUN	identified	VERB	 identified
Therefore, after April 1915, she operated in the Baltic Sea, participating in several bombardment missions. On 11 May, the British submarine E9 spotted Roon and several other ships en route to Libau, which had been recently captured by the German army. E9 fired	fired	VERB	five	NUM	 five
When Solid Snake (further referred to as Snake) infiltrates the island, Sniper Wolf wounds Snake's companion Meryl Silverburgh to lure him into a trap, capturing him so he could be tortured by another FOXHOUND member, Revolver Ocelot. Eventually, Snake defeats her in	in	ADP	sniper	NOUN	 sniper
In Lactantius ' account, when Diocletian announced that he was to resign, the entire crowd turned to face Constantine. It was not to be: Severus and Maximin were declared caesars. Maximin appeared and took Diocletian's robes. On the same day, Severus received	received	VERB	his	PRON	 his
On April 17, a weak low exited from the coast of South Africa and moved southeastward over the warm waters of the southern Mozambique Channel. By April 19, it had organized into a subtropical depression and produced gale force winds. The MFR did not classify the	the	DET	system	NOUN	 system
Accordingly, the Athenian hoplites drew up a little outside Corinth, while the peltasts went after the Spartan force in pursuit, flinging javelins at the Spartan hoplites. To stop this, the Spartan commander ordered some of his men to charge the Athenians, but the peltasts	peltasts	NOUN	fell	VERB	 fell
Following Ocean's revelation that he has been attracted to people of the same sex, some critics noted that lines such as " my eyes don't shed tears, but boy they pour when I'm thinkin bout you " had another additional message, expressing his own	own	ADJ	thoughts	NOUN	 thoughts
Although the Chidester story has been given continued exposure by US media, there has not been anywhere else, either before or since this controversial incident, any other reported cases involving or alleging Salvia divinorum as a serious factor in suicide, overdose, accidental, or any	any	DET	other	ADJ	 other
An average of four to six storms form in the North Indian Ocean every season with peaks in May and November. Cyclones occurring between the meridians 45° E and 100° E are included in the season by the IMD. Overall, there was a total of	of	ADP	seven	NUM	 seven
" The film provided both its stars a chance to satirise the woes of international notoriety, most noted of which was Grant's turn as a faux journalist who sits through a dull press junket with, what the New York Times called, " a delightfully funny deadpan	deadpan	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
Gary Cornia also received the 2006 Stephen D. Gold Award from the Association for Public Policy Analysis and Management, while Chyleen Arbon was appointed to the Utah Advisory Committee to the U.S. Commission on Civil Rights. Numbering nearly 44,000, graduates from the Marriott School have been deemed	deemed	VERB	"	PUNCT	 "
The Boston Storm of the United Women's Lacrosse League was formed in 2015. The area's many colleges and universities are active in college athletics. Four NCAA Division I members play in the city — Boston College, Boston University, Harvard University, and Northeastern University	University	PROPN	.	PUNCT	.
English learners have been found to map novel labels to objects more reliably than to actions compared to Mandarin learners. This early noun bias in English learners is caused by the culturally reinforced tendency for English speaking caregivers to engage in a significant amount of ostensive labelling as well	well	ADV	as	ADP	 as
First held in 1829, the race takes place on the 4.2 mile (6.8 km) Championship Course on the River Thames in southwest London. The rivalry is a major point of honour between the two universities; it is followed throughout the United Kingdom and, as	as	ADP	of	ADP	 of
These executors were supplemented by twelve men " of counsail " who would assist the executors when called on. The final state of Henry VIII's will has been the subject of controversy. Some historians suggest that those close to the king manipulated either him or the will	will	AUX	itself	PRON	 itself
Ryba announced on 1 December 1980 that he intended to bar the dissenting players from the Poland squad. When the rest of the team returned to Poland, Terlecki once again attempted to form a footballers ' union. Securing the support of 16 other Poland international players,	,	PUNCT	he	PRON	 he
Several tunes and texts are of 16th century origin had long been in the repertoire, among them: " Greensleeves, " " O mistress mine, " and " Back and sides go bare. " With these exceptions, the earliest songs date from Jacobean period.	.	PUNCT	A	DET	 A
The forces in best condition, earmarked for the Ardennes Offensive, were those which belonged to the Waffen SS; these forces were refitted and trained inside Germany, and then deployed to the front. But, even these were sometimes undermanned; the 2nd SS Panzer Division	Division	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
It made its first, and only, flight on 1 December 1940 carrying two MP 6s and two 12.7 mm AP 12.7 machine guns, but a blocked fuel line caused a forced landing before the guns could be fired. But testing on a variety of other aircraft	aircraft	NOUN	revealed	VERB	 revealed
It originally aired on January 27, 1983 on NBC. It is co written by Ken Levine and David Isaacs and directed by James Burrows. This episode's narrative deals with homosexuality, coming out, and homophobia. It was inspired by the coming out story of	of	ADP	former	ADJ	 former
Described as new to science in 2012, its specific epithet refers to its association with black cottonwood (Populus trichocarpa). The morel used to be referred to as Morchella semilibera in western North American field guides until molecular analysis established that to be a strictly European species	species	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
Many homes, businesses, and buildings were inflicted damage because of strong winds and three tornadoes spawned by the storm. Despite the issuance of a hurricane warning just eight hours prior to landfall, Jerry caused only three fatalities in Texas, possibly due to the storm's	's	PART	small	ADJ	 small
Richard Rouilard, editor of The Advocate in 1992 criticized Shilts for being out of touch with the contemporary style of activism and its sexual overtones. Shilts ' book has been used as a standard by the lay press when reviewing books chronicling subsequent medical crises including breast cancer	cancer	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
Though the fires continued to burn well into the middle of November, they never again posed an immediate risk to life or property. Many fire crews were sent home, but additional manpower continued to arrive at Yellowstone to rehabilitate areas that had been affected by the firefighting	firefighting	ADJ	efforts	NOUN	 efforts
Like sponges and ctenophores, cnidarians have two main layers of cells that sandwich a middle layer of jelly like material, which is called the mesoglea in cnidarians; more complex animals have three main cell layers and no intermediate jelly like layer. Hence, cnidarians and ctenophores	ctenophores	NOUN	have	AUX	 have
The distinction made him a finalist for CHL Defenceman of the Year, but he lost to Jonathon Blum of the Western Hockey League (WHL) ' s Vancouver Giants. Ellis was additionally voted the smartest player, hardest shot and best offensive defenceman in the Western Conference	Conference	PROPN	in	ADP	 in
When the members were creating demos for songs, Yamaguchi had not at that point finished composing the songs for the album. After finishing each composition, he would give it to a member to develop; then return to composing more music while the members were all occupied	occupied	VERB	.	PUNCT	.
It was created by Shigeru Miyamoto. It has been featured as a minigame in the Super Mario Advance series and numerous other games. Mario Bros. has been re released for the Wii's, Nintendo 3DS's, and Wii U's Virtual Console services in Japan,	,	PUNCT	North	PROPN	 North
On August 23, 2007, TxDOT authorized an extension of FM 1938 from the intersection with FM 1709 to the northern frontage road of SH 114. This will include the designation of approximately 1.5 miles (2.4 km) of Randol Mill Road, and the creation of	of	ADP	approximately	ADV	 approximately
Either ascending by a major third or by descending by a minor sixth, one arrives at the same pitch class, the same note representing pitches in different octaves. Intervals paired like the pair of major third and minor sixth intervals are termed " inverse intervals " in	in	ADP	the	DET	 the
Mary renounced the crown without resistance in the middle of December out of fear that Charles would kill her. Charles first adopted the title governor, but the Diet elected him king. Charles was crowned king of Hungary in Székesfehérvár on 31 December. According to the contemporaneous	contemporaneous	ADJ	Lorenzo	PROPN	 Lorenzo
It featured a 3.5 litre Cosworth DFR V8 engine, capable of producing around 580 hp (432.5 kW; 588.0 PS). The J2X C had bodywork that is more reminiscent of modern Le Mans Prototypes than a conventional Group C car, but the engine proved too	too	ADV	weak	ADJ	 weak
" When a Time interviewer apologised, " I hope you haven't been bored having to go through all these interviews for your [70th] birthday, having to answer the same old questions about yourself ", Coward rejoined, " Not at all. I'm	'm	AUX	fascinated	VERB	 fascinated
In desperate fighting, about 150 of Trepézet's men were killed, and another 150 were captured. Fifty men, including Trepézet, escaped by swimming across the La Chute. Trepézet died the next day of wounds suffered in the battle. Sources disagree on the number	number	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
From the beginning until the sale to Beacon Publications, Gernsback was listed as editor in chief; Lasser was variously listed as " literary editor " and " managing editor ", while Hornig was always listed as " managing editor ". Similarly, under Beacon Publications,	,	PUNCT	the	DET	 the
After recording Edward's succession, the Anglo Saxon Chronicle reports that a comet appeared, and that famine and " manifold disturbances " followed. The " manifold disturbances ", sometimes called the anti monastic reaction, appear to have started soon after Edgar's death. During	During	ADP	this	DET	 this
Crittenden, for example, noted that one abused infant in her doctoral sample was classed as secure (B) by her undergraduate coders because her strange situation behavior was " without either avoidance or ambivalence, she did show stress related stereotypic headcocking throughout the strange situation.	.	PUNCT	This	DET	 This
Plant inventories taken between 2003 and 2005 identified 166 plant species in the botanical area and 314 species of flowering plants and ferns in the larger Fossil Creek area. Fossil Creek's steady flow, warmth, deep pools, and small waterfalls attract visitors who wade, swim	swim	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
When he was in college, Grissom financed his first body farm with his winnings from a high stakes poker game. At the same time, he also attended boxing matches to learn about the patterns of bruise formations on bodies and eventual blood spatters from the injuries.	.	PUNCT	Grissom	PROPN	 Grissom
According to the Wall Street Journal, the Dougie has been particularly popular as a celebratory dance among professional athletes. In 2010, CNN news anchor Wolf Blitzer performed the Dougie at the Soul Train Music Awards. The Cha Cha Slide, the Cupid Shuffle, and the	the	DET	Soulja	PROPN	 Soulja
There was no fan blown cold air (cold air was by ram effect) nor an option for cool air to be directed to the face at the same time as warmth being directed into the footwells. According to Car the ventilation " fell down badly " on	on	ADP	account	NOUN	 account
After the war, in August 1945, Brauchitsch was arrested at his estate and imprisoned at Camp 198 in South Wales. His war crime charges included conspiracy and crimes against humanity. He died on 18 October 1948 of bronchial pneumonia in a British controlled military hospital in	in	ADP	Hamburg	PROPN	 Hamburg
Barbara Cates ' nine years with the Arrow Line were uneventful. By October 1938, the ship had been renamed Pan Gulf to reflect the naming style of her new owners, the Pan Atlantic Steamship Company, a subsidiary of Waterman Steamship Company. The Pan Atlantic Line	Line	PROPN	sailed	VERB	 sailed
For those considering the job, the e mail suggested that " knowledge of... The Elder Scrolls [is] a plus ". At the time, a member of Bethesda's staff played down the importance of the last comment, noting that Bethesda would " obviously	obviously	ADV	"	PUNCT	 "
At Bruton Dam, the nearest measuring station to the source of the river, the normal level of the river is between 0.6 metres (2 ft 0 in) and 2.08 metres (6 ft 10 in) with the highest level ever recorded being 10.7 metres (	(	PUNCT	35	NUM	35
Colonial rule in the Congo began in the late 19th century. King Leopold II of Belgium, frustrated by Belgium's lack of international power and prestige, attempted to persuade the Belgian government to support colonial expansion around the then largely unexplored Congo Basin. The Belgian government	government	NOUN	's	PART	's
The album's cover shows a nude black woman sitting on a blanket with a white baby held in her arms. It serves as a comical reference to the band's African American music roots. Along with a collective interest in classic rock, band members had other	other	ADJ	individual	ADJ	 individual
With seven seconds left, the Bears used another timeout, and allowed Gould to attempt the 49 yard field goal; Gould successfully converted the field goal with two seconds remaining on the clock to give the Bears the 22 – 20 lead. In an last second attempt	attempt	NOUN	to	PART	 to
Lane was doomed, but by his own actions and foibles as much as by any plot engineering to get that noose around his neck. " The Guardian's Paul McInnes felt the series was " recovering its poise " on its way to the season finale, stating	stating	VERB	:	PUNCT	:
The next year, an additional freeway from the northern end of I 94 at Marysville to Port Huron was completed. I 94 / US 25 was extended north and east, replacing part of M 146 to the Blue Water Bridge. The former route of US 25	25	NUM	through	ADP	 through
GameSpot reviewer Joe Fielder awarded the game a rating of 9.9 out of 10, making it the highest reviewed first person shooter of the site. He commented, " As a single player or multiplayer [first person shooter] experience, Perfect Dark is unparalleled on the	the	DET	console	NOUN	 console
Around 590 families were affected overall. Total monetary damage in Florida is placed at nearly $5 million. Further north, other states reported strong winds and locally heavy rainfall, though no significant damage occurred. A strong tropical wave produced rainfall and gusty winds in The	The	DET	Bahamas	PROPN	 Bahamas
This step may have established this American spirit in American culture, just as the country was going to war with England. In addition to whiskey coming into favor, a shift began in the consumption of cider over beer. Colonists opted to grow less barley as it	it	PRON	was	AUX	 was
The ICJ noted that under certain circumstances, sovereignty over territory may pass due to the failure of the state which has sovereignty to respond to the other state's conduct à titre de souverain, that is, concrete manifestations of the display of territorial sovereignty by the other	other	ADJ	state	NOUN	 state
The original director of excavations Robin Birley identified five periods of occupation and expansion: c. AD 85 – 92, first fort constructed. c. AD 92 – 97, fort enlargement. c. AD 97 – 103, further fort enlargements. c. AD 104 – 120,	,	PUNCT	hiatus	NOUN	 hiatus
This would explain the rumour of victory and near simultaneous attack, but is only one possible theory. The number of Persian ships and men involved with the battle are, as so often in the Greco Persian Wars, somewhat problematic. It is clear that the Persian	Persian	ADJ	fleet	NOUN	 fleet
Actor Robert Patrick was hired as a replacement for Mulder, playing John Doggett. The season also marked the first appearance of Annabeth Gish as Monica Reyes, who would become a main character in the ninth season. In addition to the cast change, series creator Chris	Chris	PROPN	Carter	PROPN	 Carter
Dolphin Stadium won the bid to host Super Bowl XLI on September 17, 2003 after a campaign against Phoenix, Tampa, New York City, and Washington, D.C. With this game, the Miami Metropolitan Area tied New Orleans, Louisiana as the city to host the	the	DET	most	ADJ	 most
At the end of the season Hooper won Scunthorpe's Player of the Year award. He said he was delighted with the team's performance during the season, in which he scored 24 league goals to help Scunthorpe gain promotion. He then set himself a target of	of	ADP	15	NUM	 15
Currently, winners are selected through a survey of 50,000 Texas households with Hispanic surnames, though anyone with Internet access is eligible to vote on the official website page. By 1987, the awards ceremony was broadcast by 32 radio stations and 25 local television channels in Texas	Texas	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
The Marines were to be released from 2nd Division control as soon as this mission was accomplished. Between 03: 00 and 04: 30 on September 3, the 1st Provisional Marine Brigade moved to forward assembly areas. The 2nd Battalion, 5th Marines assembled north of	of	ADP	Yongsan	PROPN	 Yongsan
The Chinese blast furnace remained in use well until the 20th century. The backyard furnaces favoured by Mao Zedong during the Great Leap Forward were of this type. In the regions with strong traditions of metallurgy, the steel production actually increased during this period. In the	the	DET	regions	NOUN	 regions
Burnley firstly drew 1 – 1 away against a Bolton Wanderers team who were unbeaten at home, before a then record crowd of 54,609 at Burnden Park, before beating Arsenal at Turf Moor. The following week Burnley secured an away draw at Arsenal, despite their opponents	opponents	NOUN	attacking	VERB	 attacking
However, Salsette, Bassein, Mazagaon, Parel, Worli, Sion, Dharavi, and Wadala still remained under Portuguese possession. From 1665 to 1666, the English managed to acquire Mahim, Sion, Dharavi, and Wadala. In accordance with the Royal Charter of	of	ADP	27	NUM	 27
They were also nominated for Top New Vocal Duet or Group by the same association in 1992. A cut from the album, the instrumental " Poultry Promenade ", gave the band its first Grammy Award nomination. Close to the Edge, the group's second album	album	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
Starring opposite Peter Gallagher and George C. Scott, she portrayed the lead role of Isabella Paradine, a young mother engaged in an extramarital affair on the RMS Titanic. Steven Spielberg took notice of Zeta Jones in Titanic and recommended her to Martin Campbell, who was directing	directing	VERB	The	DET	 The
During the 2011 playoffs, he added 6 points (2 goals and 4 assists) over 11 games as the Red Wings were eliminated in the second round by the San Jose Sharks. During his time with Detroit, he has earned praise from head coach Mike Babcock	Babcock	PROPN	and	CCONJ	 and
Petrie also felt that the use of so many " viewpoint characters " results in these characters being underdeveloped, and tends to " [blunt] the pathos as the plot edges towards climax ". In a review in the online speculative fiction magazine Strange Horizons, Tony	Tony	PROPN	Keen	PROPN	 Keen
Mehlman originally had the idea of Elaine moving away from Jerry, but David and Seinfeld felt it would be funnier if Elaine moved closer to Jerry instead. " The Apartment " was first broadcast in the United States on April 4, 1991 on NBC, and was	was	AUX	watched	VERB	 watched
The latter version replaces cut scenes with shots of Bisbal signing in a forest and beach; his scenes were directed by Marc Roussel. The video was officially premiered on February 21, 2010 on ABC Family, but was previously leaked to the Internet on September 11,	,	PUNCT	2009	NUM	 2009
The interview was broadcast to approximately 64 million viewers. The video is one of Jackson's most critically acclaimed pieces, Heather Phares of Allmusic described the video as a " stylish, interstellar clip. " James Hunter of Rolling Stone called it a contemporary video, "	"	PUNCT	in	ADP	 in
He was also an early innovator of the slapshot and of the drop pass. According to Cook: " I had a dream about the drop pass one night and at our next practice, I told Frank and Bill about it. They thought I was crazy,	,	PUNCT	but	CCONJ	 but
The event also gave Diệm an opportunity to boost his prestige by defeating Bảo Đại in a head to head contest. It was previously agreed that a National Assembly would be elected first, but Diệm went ahead with the plebiscite, which meant that he would have total	total	ADJ	power	NOUN	 power
They roost communally, usually nocturnally. During the breeding season, they nest in large flocks to make sure to keep predators away from young. These flocks can be 20 30 dusky woodswallows in size. Dusky woodswallows adhere to seasonal migration and movements. The birds are	are	AUX	a	DET	 a
I think what ’ s going to start happening in Season 1 is seeds are going to be planted as to what happens in her personal life — and yet it ’ s still open to the possibility of new men coming into her life, deepening relationships with the	the	DET	men	NOUN	 men
The " seven heroes " are corrupt themselves, each with a trait representing one of the seven deadly sins. The Halfling leader Melvin Underbelly has become gluttonous and as a result, morbidly obese – he has taken to sending bands of armed (also obese) halflings	halflings	VERB	to	PART	 to
On the basis of radiographs, D. T. Holyoak claimed that the mandible of the broad billed parrot was weakly constructed and suggested that it would have fed on soft fruits rather than hard seeds. As evidence, he pointed out that the internal trabeculae were widely spaced,	,	PUNCT	that	SCONJ	 that
Less than a mile later, Route 246 meets the northern terminus of Route AC, a supplemental route. The route continues eastward for several miles, until it intersects Route E. There, it becomes concurrent with Route E, and moves south for two miles. After	After	SCONJ	the	DET	 the
Mark Wolf restricts the definition to games featuring multiple antagonists (" ' em " being short for " them "), calling games featuring one on one shooting " combat games ". Formerly, critics described any game where the primary design element was shooting as a	a	DET	"	PUNCT	 "
In the 1980s, the last store in Barbours closed, and the former hotel (which had become a hunting club) was torn down to make way for a new bridge across Loyalsock Creek. Plunketts Creek has been a place for lumber and tourism since its villages	villages	NOUN	were	AUX	 were
Over the course of a year and a half, a small team of commercial divers cleared debris and mud from the upper decks to lighten the ship, and made the hull as watertight as possible. The gun ports were closed by means of temporary lids, a	a	DET	temporary	ADJ	 temporary
Martin Brodeur modelled his own play on that of Hextall, saying " I love the fact that he was playing the puck. He was one of the first goalies that came out and played the puck. He was a little rough for my liking, but it	it	PRON	was	AUX	 was
Zhou can also be linked to these combat arts through his historical and folklore students. Practitioners of Eagle Claw, Chuojiao and Xingyi commonly include him within their lineage history because of his association with Yue Fei, the supposed progenitor of these styles. Yuen Mankai believes Zhou	Zhou	PROPN	taught	VERB	 taught
POWs collided with each other in the confusion but were eventually led out by the Rangers. A lone Japanese soldier was able to fire off three mortar rounds toward the main gate. Although members of F Company quickly located the soldier and killed him, several Rangers,	,	PUNCT	Scouts	PROPN	 Scouts
Canberra has a daily newspaper, The Canberra Times, which was established in 1926. There are also several free weekly publications, including news magazines CityNews and Canberra Weekly as well as entertainment guide BMA Magazine. BMA Magazine first went to print in 1992; the inaugural	inaugural	ADJ	edition	NOUN	 edition
Robert Pollard of indie rock band Guided by Voices acknowledged the album as a source of inspiration, noting, " Sometimes when I want to write lyrics, I'll listen to Loveless. Because of the way the vocals are buried, you can almost listen to the	the	DET	songs	NOUN	 songs
The location relative to the fort was chosen with care — in case of danger, it would be a sure point of defense or retreat, and its garrison would be very likely to intimidate the natives. In this manner van Rensselaer employed the troops of the Company	Company	PROPN	more	ADV	 more
On another occasion Fleming said: " I wanted the simplest, dullest, plainest sounding name I could find, ' James Bond ' was much better than something more interesting, like ' Peregrine Carruthers '. Exotic things would happen to and around him, but he	he	PRON	would	AUX	 would
During that time, the Spartans had a roster of impressive players, including Lynn Chandnois, Dorne Dibble, Meredith Assaly, and Don McAulliffe. In 1951, the Spartans finished the season undefeated, and performed the same feat the following year in addition to the nation	nation	NOUN	's	PART	's
The painting is usually interpreted as criticism of the Russian interference in Polish political affairs, and the collaboration of treasonous Polish aristocrats. By the end of World War I it was already seen as a priceless artifact of Polish culture. The painting was positively interpreted in communist	communist	ADJ	Poland	PROPN	 Poland
Their analyses indicated that the nectar had unusually high levels of sugar and free amino acids, but three of these species, including B. sphaerocarpa, have since been shown to have normal nectar sugar compositions. Like most Western Australian Banksia species, B. sphaerocarpa is susceptible to	to	ADP	dieback	NOUN	 dieback
In 2002, Dave Matthews Band released Busted Stuff in response to the Internet fuelled success of The Lillywhite Sessions which they had not intended to release. Queen released 100 bootlegs for sale as downloads on the band's official website, with profits going to the Mercury Phoenix	Phoenix	PROPN	Trust	PROPN	 Trust
Ginkgophyta was once a widespread diverse group of which the only survivor is the maidenhair tree Ginkgo biloba. This is considered to be a living fossil because it is virtually unchanged from the fossilised specimens found in Triassic deposits. During the Mesozoic (245 to 66 million years	years	NOUN	ago	ADV	 ago
The film included interviews with people who had known Ochs, including Yippies Abbie Hoffman and Jerry Rubin, manager Harold Leventhal, and Mike Porco, the owner of Gerde's Folk City. Chords of Fame also included performances of Ochs songs by folk musicians who knew him	him	PRON	,	PUNCT	,
This generous endowment from the crown, the first since 1555, was applied towards the reparation and support of the College. Despite the successes of the purchase of the Sugar House and the royal endowment, the College still looked upon the possibility of moving its location to	to	ADP	a	DET	 a
By 1995, African American, American Indian, and Latino student enrollments accounted for 30% of the UCR student body, the highest proportion of any UC campus at the time. The 1997 implementation of Proposition 209 — which banned the use of affirmative action by state	state	NOUN	agencies	NOUN	 agencies
The CEO of Audible.com, which provided the recording sold at iTunes, explained its success by saying, " you had to not be there to get it ". It continued to be a top download at iTunes for the next five months. Colbert's performance received	received	VERB	a	DET	 a
This removed a large portion of the only security force on the island, and created an angry group of paramilitary trained men with knowledge of police buildings, equipment and procedures. Furthermore, the new Arab dominated government made it clear that in foreign policy, the Sultanate	Sultanate	PROPN	of	ADP	 of
Cambridge passed the finishing post five lengths ahead in a time of 17 minutes 50 seconds. The victory, Cambridge's second in a row, and third in the last four races, took the overall record in the race to 50 – 43 in their favour.	.	PUNCT	The	DET	 The
There, almost within eye shot of the French sentinels, they halted; there is some confusion about why they stopped. Possibly they mistook the abutment for the bridge itself, as Moreau seemed to think. Regardless, the troops there did not burn the bridge,	,	PUNCT	but	CCONJ	 but
By 1721, the Baptist community in Taunton had grown large, and reasonably affluent. They built a new chapel, funded entirely by the congregation, very near to the site of the original Meeting House. The pastor of the church at the time was Joseph Jeffries	Jeffries	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
The case was settled out of court in 2010 with undisclosed terms. On July 16, 2014, MacFarlane was hit with a lawsuit from the production company of a series of Internet videos called Charlie the Abusive Teddy Bear claiming that Ted infringes on the copyright of its	its	PRON	videos	NOUN	 videos
Temporary repairs allowed Hotspur to sail for Chatham Dockyard where she was repaired from 2 May to 16 July. After her repairs were completed the ship was transferred to the 13th Destroyer Flotilla of the North Atlantic Command, based at Gibraltar. During Operation Hurry, Hotspur,	,	PUNCT	and	CCONJ	 and
He was also accused of masturbating while peering inside a woman's window. In one incident, Chandler and an accomplice broke into a Florida couple's home, held them at gunpoint, and robbed them. Chandler told his accomplice to tie up the man with speaker	speaker	NOUN	wire	NOUN	 wire
Alexander Campbell influenced the British Restoration Movement indirectly through his writings; he visited Britain for several months in 1847, and " presided at the Second Cooperative Meeting of the British Churches at Chester ". At that time the movement had grown to encompass 80 congregations with a	a	DET	total	ADJ	 total
The heats began on August 14, at 19: 57 local time (CST or UTC + 8). There were nine preliminary heats, but all sixteen qualifiers came from the last five heats. Only three swimmers participated in the first heat, which was won by	by	ADP	Andrejs	PROPN	 Andrejs
The album's working title was originally announced as Magic's in the Makeup in May 1998 and later as Saturn Returns in November 1999. Stefani was confused by her feelings of depression and interest in Sylvia Plath while recording the album. Her boyfriend Gavin Rossdale told her	her	PRON	that	SCONJ	 that
Points of interest include the altar chairs, kerosene lamps, architectural structure, wainscoting walls and ceiling, porthole windows as in a ship, hand carving on the altar, pulpit and railing, the candelabra and altar cloth, hand carved stone baptismal font, the Star	Star	PROPN	of	ADP	 of
For the film's fifth weekend it made $1.2 million, a 54% decrease from the previous weekend and was removed from an additional 895 theaters. For its sixth, seventh and eight weekends it had dropped to $347,264, $137,502 and $70,474,	,	PUNCT	respectively	ADV	 respectively
In general, people with Birt – Hogg – Dubé syndrome are at roughly seven times the risk of kidney cancer compared to the unaffected population. Estimates of the incidence among people with the disease range from 14% – 34%. Rarely, it is associated with	with	ADP	clear	ADJ	 clear
In addition to that, Abby also helped Val get her kidnapped babies back, even though she was blamed she said she " could never do a thing like that to anyone ". When Karen and Mack began to have some problems in their marriage and Karen distanced	distanced	VERB	herself	PRON	 herself
Deciding that his RAAF career was not progressing, Pentland applied for a short service commission as a flying officer with the RAF in 1923, which was granted as of 23 April. He journeyed to Britain with new wife Madge (née Moffat), who he married	married	VERB	on	ADP	 on
Thorium was once commonly used as the light source in gas mantles and as an alloying material, but these applications have declined due to concerns about its radioactivity. Thorium is still widely used as an alloying element in TIG welding electrodes (at a rate of 1%	%	NOUN	–	PUNCT	 –
" Learning, Teaching, and Television Production for Children: The Experience of Sesame Street ", Harvard Educational Review, 42 (2), pp. 232 – 272 _ _ _ _ _ (1974). Children and Television: Lessons From Sesame Street.	.	PUNCT	New	PROPN	 New
Hopkins ' interest in surveying spilled over into an interest in astronomy and other scientific endeavors as well, which was illustrated by an event when he was much older. Before the American Revolutionary War, on June 3, 1769, Hopkins was involved in the observation of	of	ADP	a	DET	 a
According to Hickman, Lord Soth is the most unpredictable character to write about, saying " Every time that character made an appearance in one of our books he would try to run off with the story. " Hickman developed his world creation technique by writing and self	self	NOUN	publishing	VERB	 publishing
" Covington had already recorded the phrase " Don't Cry for Me Argentina " for using it in the beginning of the show. Shortly before the album was finally mixed, Lloyd Webber suggested to Rice that the line also worked as the title of Eva's speech	speech	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
Zarifopol deplores Cerna's submission to traditionalist and Classicist goals, arguing that it eventually ruined Cerna as a poet and made him unhappy. The poet's adoption of a mainstream approach to poetry also pleased his public, and, Călinescu notes, schoolbooks of the day celebrated	celebrated	VERB	him	PRON	 him
Whalers who stayed at Point Barrow saw the substance the Iñupiat called pitch and recognized it as petroleum. Charles Brower, a whaler who settled at Barrow and operated trading posts along the arctic coast, directed geologist Alfred Hulse Brooks to oil seepages at Cape Simpson and Fish	Fish	PROPN	Creek	PROPN	 Creek
The starting point for the script was the ensemble cast of friends and previous collaborators Jarmusch had conceived characters for, while the tripartite formal structure of the film was inspired by his study of literary forms. Cinematographer Robby Müller and musician John Lurie were among the many contributors	contributors	NOUN	who	PRON	 who
By 1810, due mainly to the economic pressures of enforcing the Continental System, both emperors were considering war with one another. Erfurt was the last meeting between the two leaders. Napoleon was not entirely certain about Austrian planning and intentions. He had just returned to	to	ADP	Paris	PROPN	 Paris
Because of the play's heavy themes, producers of the first performances issued an advisory for parents. Waldschmidt also stressed the amount of action in the play and said that, if the play was a film, it would receive a PG 13 rating and would be	be	AUX	billed	VERB	 billed
As the fire spread, it detonated explosives carried for the infantry, hindering firefighting efforts. The explosion set fire to the two Arado seaplanes onboard: one on the catapult and the other in one of the hangars. The explosion also probably punched a hole in the	the	DET	armored	ADJ	 armored
While in this mode, every unit stops its motion while a timer runs down; the player can freely issue and modify orders to the Marines. Once the timer is depleted or the Freeze button is clicked again, every unit resumes its movement. The timer for	for	ADP	Freeze	PROPN	 Freeze
It was then that the route of the RRR was decided among the convention delegates. Further influencing the River to River corridor was an announcement from the American Automobile Association that the annual Glidden Tour would pass through Iowa. Gov. Carroll arranged for farmers who lived along the	the	DET	route	NOUN	 route
The people of Navenby enjoy a high employment rate, although most work outside the village. Almost 600 commute each day, with the average journey to work being 12.5 miles (20.18 km). The 2001 census revealed that of 1,186 people questioned aged 16 – 74	74	NUM	,	PUNCT	,
In May 1927, Parsons, now a lieutenant (junior grade), returned to Annapolis, where he commenced a course in ordnance at the Naval Postgraduate School. He became friends with Lieutenant Jack Crenshaw, a fellow officer attending the same training course. Jack asked	asked	VERB	Parsons	PROPN	 Parsons
Moonraker was the third of three Bond films for which the theme song was performed by Shirley Bassey (following Goldfinger and Diamonds Are Forever). Kate Bush and Frank Sinatra were both considered for the vocals, before Johnny Mathis was approached and offered the opportunity. However	However	ADV	Mathis	PROPN	 Mathis
The new line opened in 1877, but passenger trains from the national network terminated at Clifton Down as the link from Clifton to Sneyd Park Junction was not cleared for passenger use until 3 August 1878. Even after services were allowed to run, the Midland and Great	Great	PROPN	Western	PROPN	 Western
Jean explained, though, that the writers came up with the storyline for " The Devil Wears Nada " over a year before the episode aired and they did not know back then that Marge would become a Playboy cover girl. Jean said that was " an independent	independent	ADJ	offer	NOUN	 offer
Meluha is based in the areas of the modern Indian provinces of Kashmir, Punjab, Himachal Pradesh, Delhi, Haryana, Rajasthan, Gujarat and the whole of Pakistan. It also includes parts of eastern Afghanistan. Swadweep – The empire of the Chandravanshis, also known	known	VERB	as	ADP	 as
A film adaptation of the book, which won several industry awards, was produced in 1996 by HBO. Carter researched for the book during 2010. He had secured a publishing deal for the book by January of that year. Carter confirmed to Gillian Reagan of Business	Business	PROPN	Insider	PROPN	 Insider
Prescott found mathematics particularly difficult, and resorted to memorizing mathematical demonstrations word for word, which he could do with relative ease, in order to hide his ignorance of the subject. Prescott's eyesight degenerated after being hit in the eye with a crust of bread during	during	ADP	a	DET	 a
Other Apaches hovered above, providing suppressive fire throughout. None of the rescuers were injured in the recovery mission and they were later hailed for their bravery. In May and June 2008, British and Afghan National Army forces conducted Operation Eagle's Eye, aimed at disrupting	disrupting	VERB	Taliban	PROPN	 Taliban
On 30 July 1945, after transporting components for the nuclear weapons Little Boy and Fat Man from the United States, she was torpedoed by the Japanese submarine I 58. Due to a series of errors and miscommunications her loss was not discovered for several days, and	and	CCONJ	only	ADV	 only
As of 13 September 2011, there were 17 people on orders of detention, one whose detention had been suspended, and 49 people on restriction orders. On 7 March 2013, it was mentioned in Parliament that 64 people had been detained under the ISA for activities	activities	NOUN	related	VERB	 related
In the 19th century, public concerts provided access to classical music to all classes of society. Yet, for political and financial reasons Ireland has been too small to provide a living to many musicians, so the names of the better known Irish composers of this time	time	NOUN	belong	VERB	 belong
It had an initial print run of 7,500 copies which sold out, and a reprint of 2,000 copies was soon undertaken; by the end of the first year, a total of over 9,000 copies had been sold. In May 1954 Live and Let Die was banned	banned	VERB	in	ADP	 in
Whitman opposed the extension of slavery in the United States and supported the Wilmot Proviso. At first he was opposed to abolitionism, believing the movement did more harm than good. In 1846, he wrote that the abolitionists had, in fact, slowed the advancement of	of	ADP	their	PRON	 their
The site's consensus states: " Orson Welles's epic tale of a publishing tycoon's rise and fall is entertaining, poignant, and inventive in its storytelling, earning its reputation as a landmark achievement in film. " Citizen Kane has been called the most influential	influential	ADJ	film	NOUN	 film
She expressed that the following years she spent with the group were her favourite, and that she was proud of her decision to continue. The original Hi 5 cast were together for eight series. In early 2006, de Leon Jones announced she was pregnant, and	and	CCONJ	would	AUX	 would
He was elected to a full six year term in 1964 and was reelected seven more times. The Chappaquiddick incident on July 18, 1969, resulted in the death of his automobile passenger, Mary Jo Kopechne. Kennedy pleaded guilty to a charge of leaving the scene	scene	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
She made seven appearances for the French club. Solo said of her experience in Europe, " I played in Europe and it was a great experience, not just because of my teammates and the coaches we had, but from the fans and the city itself –	–	PUNCT	I	PRON	 I
Manoora was soon joined by HMA Ships Hawkesbury, Labuan, Wewak and Whyalla. Following the initial deployment, two vessels were generally kept on station in the area. By the time the RAN deployment ended, 19 Australian warships had taken part. The last ship to	to	PART	leave	VERB	 leave
Some experimental evidence has been provided to support these theories. The WHO and the Joint United Nations Programme on HIV / AIDS (UNAIDS) state that male circumcision is an efficacious intervention for HIV prevention, but should be carried out by well trained medical professionals and under	under	ADP	conditions	NOUN	 conditions
Founded in 1883, the club were elected to the Scottish Football League in 1902. They reached their highest league position in the 1921 – 1922 season, when they were placed third in the Scottish Football League. They achieved a British scoring record of 142 goals in	in	ADP	34	NUM	 34
Early indications showed that the single had a midweek position of 10, however at the end of its first week on sale, " Queer " debuted on the UK Singles Chart at number 13. That week, Garbage made a live appearance to perform the single on	on	ADP	Top	PROPN	 Top
He lost his first four starts of the season, extending his losing streak to nine consecutive starts dating back to 2010. The streak tied the longest streak in Padres history, held by Andy Benes and Dennis Rasmussen. Latos had a no decision in his next start	start	NOUN	after	SCONJ	 after
The chalkboard writing's transformation into a snake was included to surprise the audience and " end the song on a high note. " In writing the song " Taare Zameen Par, " lyricist Prasoon Joshi followed the theme of " however much you talk about children,	,	PUNCT	it	PRON	 it
He was signed to add " depth to the squad ", as well as to " provide cover at the back and midfield areas ". He made his Ebbsfleet debut a day after signing for the club, starting the match in central defence in a 1 –	–	SYM	0	NUM	 0
He led the team in walks and stole 20 bases, but batted only.238. However, he still earned a promotion to low A Piedmont for the 1997 season. The youngest player on the team at age 18, Rollins led the team in games played, at	at	ADP	bats	NOUN	 bats
In July, the members of Folkestone Town Council visited the Ministry of Civil Aviation in London to discuss the purchase of Lympne Airport. In February 1953, Lympne was again waterlogged and Silver City Airways operated out of Southend and Blackbushe. The company stated that they were	were	AUX	willing	ADJ	 willing
Frazier played with the Houston Elite Amateur Athletic Union team, which had produced players such as Anthony Thompson, Eddren McCain and Chris Roberts, all of whom attended Bradley University. He graduated high school cum laude. On October 23, 2008, Frazier verbally committed to	to	ADP	the	DET	 the
The portion of MD 318 west of Federalsburg was originally numbered Maryland Route 319 and assumed by MD 318 in the mid 1950s. The MD 319 section was constructed in the late 1910s near Federalsburg and completed west to MD 331 and MD 16 in the late 1920s.	.	PUNCT	MD	PROPN	 MD
Tracy's first post MGM appearance was in The Mountain (1956) with Robert Wagner, who played his much younger brother (Wagner had earlier played his son in Broken Lance). The location filming in the French Alps proved a difficult experience, and he threatened	threatened	VERB	to	PART	 to
According to Ulmer, " Upon first listen it's a bit corny, but it's appropriately anthemic, and not bad enough to deter from the strength of the overall track. " He noted that although Eminem does not have as much of a frustrated voice as	as	SCONJ	he	PRON	 he
The exact mass, rotation rate, and mass loss are critical to Betelgeuse's fate; stellar evolution models show that initially rotating stars more massive than about 18 M ☉ do not explode as supernovae while they are red supergiants. Instead they lose all their outer hydrogen	hydrogen	NOUN	to	PART	 to
The Navigation Company had only succeeded in raising £625,000, which was less than the purchase price of the canals, and therefore the railway company nominated half of the ten directors, while the Aire and Calder Company declined to buy any shares because of railway influence.	.	PUNCT	Many	ADJ	 Many
It was the Stones ' first public concert in over two years, and was planned as an introduction of new guitarist, Mick Taylor, though circumstances inevitably changed following the death of former member Brian Jones two days earlier. The band rehearsed at the Beatles ' studio	studio	NOUN	in	ADP	 in
Abraham Riesman noted the episode's presentation of sexuality, which " was shockingly and refreshingly honest ", compared to Marvel's other films and television series. He concluded by applauding the series ' bringing up of the topics of rape and PTSD. Reviewing the first seven	seven	NUM	episodes	NOUN	 episodes
These lemurs are usually seen on branches less than 5 cm (2.0 in) in diameter. The gray mouse lemur tends to prefer lower levels of the forest and the understory, where branches and vegetation are dense. In secondary forest, it is generally observed from	from	ADP	ground	NOUN	 ground
He anchored the national title winning 4 × 100 meter medley relay team for SwimMAC, and led off the club's national title winning 4 × 200 meter freestyle relay. The medley relay time of 3: 37.70 set a new U.S. Open Record, more than six	six	NUM	seconds	NOUN	 seconds
The city has since adopted the council manager form of government. Galveston's city council serves as the city's legislative branch, while the city manager works as the chief executive officer, and the municipal court system serves as the city's judicial branch. The city	city	NOUN	council	NOUN	 council
The story is set in the near future, when a spaceborne virus threatens Earth by turning humans into violent creatures. Enhanced soldiers fight a losing war against these creatures to ensure the survival of the human race. The series was directed by Seiji Mizushima and written by	by	ADP	Natsuko	PROPN	 Natsuko
The game also used the mechanism of notes and books as expository devices. Many of these elements were used in later survival horror games, and thus the game is credited with making the survival horror genre possible. In 1994, Riverhillsoft released the first fully 3D survival	survival	NOUN	horror	NOUN	 horror
These were augmented in January 1943 by the unit's first CAC Wirraway, which students flew before commencing their Vengeance conversion course. OTUs, employing as they did warplanes that were more advanced and more powerful than trainers, and teaching combat techniques that often carried high risk	risk	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
" Geraud Blanks of the Milwaukee Journal Sentinel characterizes the album's music as " an amalgamation of Prince's psychedelic funk, Jimi Hendrix rock and Curtis Mayfield soul ". Hunt's falsetto vocals on the album feature silky timbre and style. He sings in a variety	variety	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
On 5 June, while Dill was inspecting the troops evacuated from Dunkirk, Clarke suggested the idea to him, and the prime minister approved the plan on the following day. Clarke, under Brigadier Otto Lunde, was tasked with setting up a new department, MO9	MO9	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
Clevedon is situated on and round seven hills called Church Hill, Wain's Hill (which is topped by the remains of an Iron Age hill fort), Dial Hill, Strawberry Hill, Castle Hill, Hangstone hill and Court Hill which is a Site of Special	Special	PROPN	Scientific	PROPN	 Scientific
Riou then exclaimed, ' Come, then, by boys, let us all die together! ' The words were scarcely uttered, when the fatal shot severed him in two. Command of the Amazon devolved to her first lieutenant, Lieutenant John Quilliam, who completed	completed	VERB	the	DET	 the
In 2015 eight promotional videos were released. [1] In 2015, during the 15th anniversary of the game's release, Square Enix (who had acquired Eidos earlier) endorsed a free fan created mod, Deus Ex: Revision which was released through Steam.	.	PUNCT	The	DET	 The
The album was self produced by the band and was recorded at the studio that Meshuggah shares with Clawfinger. Hagström notes, " The eight strings really have given us a whole new musical vocabulary to work with. Part of it is the restrictions they impose: you	you	PRON	really	ADV	 really
Two tankōbon volumes were released under ASCII Media Works ' Dengeki Comics imprint, the first on August 27, 2007 and the second on September 27, 2008. A four panel comic strip manga was published by Enterbrain in 12 comics anthologies released between March 26, 2007	2007	NUM	and	CCONJ	 and
Cartoonists began creating comics for mature audiences, and the term " Ninth Art " was coined, as comics began to attract public and academic attention as an artform. A group including René Goscinny and Albert Uderzo founded the magazine Pilote in 1959 to give artists greater freedom	freedom	NOUN	over	ADP	 over
It's a story about you and me ". Soon after Bannister pronounced Hendrix dead, a hospital spokesperson told the press: " We don't know where, how, or why he died, but he died of an overdose. " By that evening,	,	PUNCT	many	ADJ	 many
Ed Harris (voice) as Mission Control in Houston, Texas. Orto Ignatiussen (voice) as Aningaaq, a Greenlandic Inuit fisherman who intercepts one of Stone's transmissions. Aningaaq also appears in a self titled short, written and directed by Gravity co writer Jonás	Jonás	PROPN	Cuarón	PROPN	 Cuarón
Arbroath has a typical British marine climate, that is heavily influenced by its position by the sea. There are narrow differences in temperature between seasons. January has an average high of 6.4° C (43.5° F) and July has 18° C (64	64	NUM	°	NUM	°
Unlike Pampa who glorifies Arjuna and Karna in his writing, Ranna eulogises his patron King Satyashraya and favourably compares him to Bhima, whom he crowns at the end of the Mahabharata war. He calls Bhima's adversary Duryodhana mahanubhava (" a great person ").	.	PUNCT	The	DET	 The
He had first complained of feeling unwell before the October 2010 international break but the illness was only diagnosed on 8 November 2010. Having diagnosed the problem, Chelsea insisted that he would make a full recovery within days. While playing against Norwich City on 27 August 2011	2011	NUM	,	PUNCT	,
As early as 2008, the five term Republican Pennsylvania Senator Arlen Specter made clear his plans to seek re election. Specter had narrowly avoided a primary defeat against conservative challenger Pat Toomey during his 2004 Senate race, and he was expected to face an even greater challenge	challenge	NOUN	from	ADP	 from
On the third day of the campaign, many Iraqi pilots fled across the Iranian border in their aircraft rather than be destroyed. The air campaign also targeted command and control sites, bridges, railroads, and petroleum storage facilities. Saddam Hussein, who is believed to	to	PART	have	AUX	 have
By the end of development, Narihiro had some regrets about the quality of the game, saying in an interview that he considered it to be only 70% complete when released. The character designs were done by Senri Kita, an artist new to the series.	.	PUNCT	In	ADP	 In
As a result of the battle, the leaderless Duchy of Athens was taken over by the Catalans, who ruled that part of Greece until the 1380s. In 1309, the Burgundian noble Walter of Brienne was selected as the Duke of Athens in Frankish Greece after the	the	DET	death	NOUN	 death
Born in Brisbane, he was a businessman when he joined the Royal Australian Air Force (RAAF) Reserve in 1937. Called up for active duty shortly after the outbreak of war in September 1939, he served with No. 23 Squadron in Australia before posting to	to	ADP	the	DET	 the
The second session of the Convention took place in Sydney in September 1897. Walker was appointed to a subcommittee on federal finance, which proposed a financial scheme based on Walker's Bathurst proposal that was adopted by the Convention. He was active in the Federation referendum campaign	campaign	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
Harvey then swept the next ball for a boundary. Colin McCool was out at 6 / 31 before Harvey and wicket keeper Don Tallon steadied Australia. Harvey was reprieved on 12; he charged the bowling but the wicketkeeper fumbled the stumping opportunity. Harvey then hit the	the	DET	winning	VERB	 winning
The shooting was storied because photographer Annie Leibovitz could not decide where to shoot and reserved two mobile homes, four hotel rooms and five houses. The pop culture attention given to Gair and her body painting led Absolut Vodka to consider an Absolut Gair body painting promotion in	in	ADP	1993	NUM	 1993
Both open marine (crinoids) and restricted marine (pelecypods, gastropods) environments are represented in the Co op Creek member. Sandstone and gypsum in the Crystal Creek and Paria River members signal a return to desert conditions in a coastal setting. Outcrops of the Carmel	Carmel	PROPN	Formation	PROPN	 Formation
Frank realises that he still loves Roo and leaves Summer Bay. He soon reunites with Roo and they later marry. Two years later after splitting up with Roo, Frank returns to Summer Bay to get Bobby back, who is now engaged to Greg. Frank asks	asks	VERB	her	PRON	 her
On 4 April 1718 England, France and the Dutch Republic (and later Austria) selected Don Carlos of Spain, the elder child of Elisabeth Farnese and Philip V of Spain, as the Tuscan heir (with no mention of Anna Maria Luisa). By 1722	1722	NUM	,	PUNCT	,
The set took 10 days to build, making it one of the most complicated jobs for the show's staff during the season. Due to the construction of the prison set, the episode ended up going over budget. However, the set was used again later	later	ADV	in	ADP	 in
As the helicopter took off, in the confusion one officer shouted " Close the gates, close the fucking gates ". The helicopter flew north and landed at a disused racecourse in the Baldoyle area of Dublin, where the escapees were met by members of the IRA	IRA	PROPN	's	PART	's
These 149 AMX 30EM1s would eventually be replaced by US surplus M60A3 Patton tanks, purchased from the United States, in the early 1990s. In the early 1990s, the Spanish Army received 244 M60 tanks to replace its aging fleet of M47Es and M48Es, and its	its	PRON	troublesome	ADJ	 troublesome
They end up in Warsaw, Poland and find Mort in a synagogue. He believes he is in Heaven as he sees dead family members there. It does not take long for them to realize that the date is September 1, 1939, the day of the	the	DET	Nazi	ADJ	 Nazi
The new engine was coupled with the AMX 30B2's improved torsion bar suspension, which used larger diameter torsion bars and new shocks. To improve the tank's firepower, the gun mount around the loader's turret hatch was modified to allow the installation of a 12.7	12.7	NUM	millimeter	NOUN	 millimeter
After the season was retroactively divided into Part I and Part II, respectively separating installments featuring Conrad and Cavallari, the episode became the premiere of Part II. " It's On Bitch " was met with generally mixed reviews from critics, who were ambivalent towards the	the	DET	decision	NOUN	 decision
The game was later going to be released on May 26, 2003, but was further delayed by one month till June 23. It was uncertain who was developing Wario World, until April 22, 2003, when Nintendo of America officially revealed that Treasure, the	the	DET	company	NOUN	 company
Since Sarkar knew the city of Kolkata very well, the film was primarily shot there. While most of the film was made in Kolkata, a small portion was shot in Darjeeling. To re create the 60s era, lot of efforts were made by the producers	producers	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
Following this, farms were bought by the company and farmed by the previous owners as tenancies. Farms and buildings still remaining in private hands were acquired by compulsory purchase. The sanction for construction was given in 1949 and the contract awarded to A.E. Farr, who employed	employed	VERB	300	NUM	 300
When the bird is defeated, a mysterious man garbed in black appears and attempts to take the Holy Sword, which is still stuck in the ground, but is prevented by the appearance of a barrier when he tries. The man disappears, and the hero attempts	attempts	VERB	to	PART	 to
The eggs hatch after 53 to 60 days of incubation by both parents. Chicks are born with their eyes open and sometimes can take up to a week to leave the shell completely. The young are covered with a grayish down until they are almost as large as	as	ADP	their	PRON	 their
Periyar stated that while Christian and Islamic religions were fulfilling this role, the Hindu religion remained totally unsuitable for social progress. He argued that the government was not for the people, but, in a " topsy turvy " manner, the people were for the government	government	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
Griffin was one of several executive producers of the 2009 documentary Outrage, which investigated allegations of homosexuality among a series of political figures who had worked against LGBT rights. Griffin was selected to help raise funds for its production. Prior to his work opposing Proposition 8,	,	PUNCT	Griffin	PROPN	 Griffin
A whistle made from the wing bone of an eagle is used during the course of the dance. Also during the dance, a medicine man may direct his fan, which is made of eagle feathers, to people who seek to be healed. The medicine man	man	NOUN	touches	VERB	 touches
Sterling McGarvey of GameSpy called Rare's decision to " move the emphasis away from platforming " and toward creation as bold, however he criticised the game's mechanics and manoeuvrability of land based vehicles, although he noted that aeroplanes and helicopters were easy to utilise. McGarvey	McGarvey	PROPN	furthermore	ADV	 furthermore
The music video for " Say Yes " was filmed on May 20, 2014 and directed by Matthew A. Cherry. The clip was filmed in a house in Maplewood, New Jersey, where a crowd gathered the watch the trio on set. Following that, filming	filming	VERB	was	AUX	 was
Gallus expressed his own misgivings concerning the trustworthiness of the royal story he passed on (he qualified it with words like " oblivion ", " error " and " idolatry "), but the sequence of the last three names of Mieszko's predecessors he considered reliable	reliable	ADJ	.	PUNCT	.
We are to destroy them. We do not know who they are. They may be soldiers. ' Ice too observed, ' No one then knew who the enemy were – of what tribe. '... They were soon to find out. " (Utley	Utley	PROPN	1992	NUM	 1992
Within these subfamilies, genera include: Gryllotalpa Gryllotalpella Leptocurtilla Neocurtilla † Pterotriamescaptor Indioscaptor Scapteriscus Neoscapteriscus Triamescaptor † Archaeogryllotalpoides † Cratotetraspinus † Marchandia † Palaeoscapteriscops Mole cricket fossils are rare. A stem group fossil, Cratotetraspinus, is known from the Lower Cretaceous of Brazil. Two specimens of	of	ADP	Marchandia	PROPN	 Marchandia
A new Church of St. Anne was built in the 12th century CE; the church and the pool fell into disuse after the fall of the Kingdom of Jerusalem. The church was converted into madrasah and Christian pilgrims were redirected to nearby Birket Israel on the other side	side	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
In the United States, common starlings are exempt from the Migratory Bird Treaty Act, which prohibits the taking or killing of migratory birds. No permit is required to remove nests and eggs or kill juveniles or adults. Research was undertaken in 1966 to identify a suitable	suitable	ADJ	avicide	NOUN	 avicide
Panama proceeded to proclaim its independence on 3 November 1903, and USS Nashville impeded any interference from Colombia. The victorious Panamanians allowed the United States control of the Panama Canal Zone on 23 February 1904, for US $10 million. The naval base at Guantanamo Bay	Bay	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
Consumer Reports ' analysis show that many Chevrolets lose about half of their purchase price after three years of ownership, and if the Volt depreciates the same, US $17,000 seems a reasonable estimate. However, Consumer Reports have noted that fuel efficient hybrids and diesel models	models	NOUN	often	ADV	 often
The animatronic of the Dalek mutant had to be recreated for the episode, because the previous prop that was used in " Dalek " and " The Parting of the Ways " was irreversibly damaged by water when the latter was filmed. " The Stolen Earth " features	features	VERB	two	NUM	 two
Several members of the regular cast were nominated for awards. In 2001, Rosenbaum, Kreuk, and Welling were nominated for Saturn Awards for Best Supporting Actor in a Television Series, Best Actress, and Best Actor, respectively. Rosenbaum and Kreuk received additional nominations for	for	ADP	male	ADJ	 male
The first conflict arose when the Khalqists wanted to give PDPA Central Committee membership to military officers who had participated in the Saur Revolution; Karmal opposed such a move but was overruled. A PDPA Politburo meeting voted in favour of giving Central Committee membership to the officers.	.	PUNCT	On	ADP	 On
The Master Chief disobeys orders to stand down and relinquish the malfunctioning Cortana, and stays behind to oppose the Didact. Infinity executive officer Commander Lasky gives Chief an armed transport and wishes him luck. Chief and Cortana attempt to sabotage the Didact's ship before he leaves	leaves	VERB	,	PUNCT	,
One of the team's new ideas was " Piñata Vision ", a feature that detects printed cards via the Xbox camera to change the in game environment (e.g., adding piñatas or altering the weather). Near the time of the sequel's release, Rare	Rare	PROPN	's	PART	's
The recording session for " Beck's Bolero " was conceived of as a side project for Jeff Beck while he was a member of the Yardbirds. " It was decided that it would be a good idea for me to record some of my own stuff... partly	partly	ADV	to	PART	 to
It was followed by a friendly match between a reinforced Lyn and Örgryte IS of Sweden, where Lyn won 5 – 1. In the opening game, tickets cost NOK 3 for seats, NOK 2 for standing places and NOK 1 on the end stands. The	The	DET	stadium	NOUN	 stadium
Fellow biographer Benoît Peeters thought that it exhibited " a political maturity " and " originality ". Further, he felt that Hergé was able to break free from the " narrative limits [of]... too much realism " by the use of Syldavia as a setting	setting	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
Since 1991, collegiate teams with the backing of industry and government have fielded autonomous flying robots in an attempt to perform missions requiring robotic behaviors never before exhibited by a flying machine. In 1990, the term “ aerial robotics ” was coined by competition creator Robert Michelson	Michelson	PROPN	to	PART	 to
The central Indian populations are genetically closer to the southern than to the northern populations. In the 1820s, German explorer Eduard Rüppell collected a female jungle cat near Lake Manzala in the Nile Delta. English naturalist Thomas Hardwicke ’ s collection of illustrations of Indian wildlife comprises	comprises	VERB	the	DET	 the
By this time Guy had already succeeded as Earl of Warwick, after his father's death in 1298. By Alice, Guy had two sons, including his heir and successor, Thomas, and five daughters: Maud de Beauchamp (died 1366); married Geoffrey	Geoffrey	PROPN	de	PROPN	 de
Ricky Muñoz commented that he was " happy to do things for Ricardo [Arjona] " and elaborated that the met each other " some time ago " and that it was " a very special situation. " The show was later bordcasted on 5 November 2011 by	by	ADP	Canal	PROPN	 Canal
However, due to an overlooked rule, the Capitals were unable to sign Walker; as he had started the 2012 – 13 season in Europe and then moved to North America, and was under 20 years old, he would have to enter the 2014 NHL Entry	Entry	PROPN	Draft	PROPN	 Draft
A minimal Category 1 hurricane on the Saffir – Simpson Hurricane Scale, Karl developed at the center of another, larger extratropical cyclone over the North Atlantic. After being classified a subtropical cyclone on November 25, it became more independent of its parent storm and grew into	into	ADP	a	DET	 a
If you understand the facts, you'd want to be boycotting Ben and Jerry's ". The Australian public was also informed by Australian Ben & Jerry's brand manager Kalli Swaik, who stated to the Brisbane Times newspaper: " Ben & Jerry's believes that	that	SCONJ	dredging	NOUN	 dredging
Simpson moved up to St. Raphaël Géminiani Dunlop's first team, Rapha Gitane Dunlop, for the end of season one day classic races. In his first appearance in the Giro di Lombardia, one of the five " monuments " of cycling, he retired with a	a	DET	tyre	PROPN	 tyre
Time's Richard Lacayo concurred; he considered the hundreds of pages about Cal's grandparents and several historical events to be trite, making Middlesex's focus " footloose " in some spots. Several passages in the novel exhibit Eugenides ' obsession with " verbose voluptuousness ".	.	PUNCT	An	DET	 An
Basic Books. ISBN 9780465128334. — (1974). Linguistic Communication: Perspectives for Research. International Reading Association. ISBN 978 0872079298. — (1975). The Psychology of Communication. Harper Androw 1975. ISBN 978 0465097074. George A. Miller; Philip N	N	PROPN	Johnson	PROPN	 Johnson
The cult classic mockumentary This Is Spinal Tap (1984) includes a memorable scene where the parody band gets lost backstage just before performing at a Cleveland rock concert (origin of the phrase " Hello, Cleveland! "). Howard the Duck (1986),	,	PUNCT	George	PROPN	 George
In the 21st century the castle is managed by English Heritage, and the remains of the keep are open to the public. Sutton Valence Castle was probably built in the second half of the 12th century by the Counts of Aumale, most likely by Baldwin of Bethune	Bethune	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
According to critic Anne Cheney, the protagonist may be " searching for happiness, academic or artistic achievement, love, respect, or, more generally, meaning in life. " According to Warren French from the University of Wales, Godwin's works are most often	often	ADV	seen	VERB	 seen
On the district nomination the house is spelled alternatively as the " Gardner House ". Luyster writes, " This is a good example of Georgian housing of the colonial period. Its value is increased because of the historical and architectural value of the buildings which surround it	it	PRON	since	SCONJ	 since
In addition to SU students, ESF students are permitted to join the university's fraternity and sorority system. The oldest fraternity at SU is Delta Kappa Epsilon, which established a chapter in 1871 soon after the founding of the university, followed by Psi Upsilon in 1875	1875	NUM	and	CCONJ	 and
The competition between Cro Magnon and Neanderthals is examined with respect to the conditions that allowed one to out compete the other. The second chapter, " The Great Experiment ", continues the examination of Stone Age progress by looking at the advancements in hunting. Wright uses	uses	VERB	the	DET	 the
Joanna manages to defend the Institute and her work earned her enough recognition to take part in her next mission. The game ends with the Carrington Institute carrying out further investigations of dataDyne, setting the stage for the Nintendo 64 game. Perfect Dark was developed by Rare	Rare	PROPN	and	CCONJ	 and
The first defense happened at All Star Weekend - Night One on April 1 against Alex Shelley, while the second occurred at All Star Weekend – Night Two on April 2 against Chris Hero; Daniels won both encounters retaining the championship. At Jason Takes PWG on May	May	PROPN	13	NUM	 13
Chiseling into 15 short tons (14 t) of Yosemite granite, he wore goggles and a mask. The unveiling ceremony took place in the cold of New Year's Eve, with Mayor Angelo Rossi joining Stackpole, Pflueger and artisans in smocks. Stackpole took his	his	PRON	son	NOUN	 son
The early version of the poem was finished, according to Mason, in August 1742, but there is little evidence to give such a definite date. Mason argued that the poem was in response to West's death, but there is little to indicate that Mason	Mason	PROPN	would	AUX	 would
Though the pace of the car seemed to be picking up, with Coulthard qualifying in the top 10 for the Spanish Grand Prix, Webber was unable to convert his early weekend pace into a competitive grid position due to hydraulic problems. His race was much the same	same	ADJ	with	ADP	 with
According to Vig, the inspiration for the song was a newspaper article about a woman who had gone back to get revenge on an abusive husband, " so we thought it would be cool to get a bit of retribution in there. " Vig also said he	he	PRON	noted	VERB	 noted
The highway extends for 95 miles (153 km) from the Pennsylvania state line at Troupsburg, Steuben County northward to Ogden, Monroe County, where it ends at an intersection with NY 31. Along the way, NY 36 passes through the villages of Dansville,	,	PUNCT	Mount	PROPN	 Mount
Poetry paid Kilmer six dollars to print the poem, which was immediately successful. The following year, Kilmer included " Trees " in his collection Trees and Other Poems published by the George H. Doran Company. Joyce Kilmer's reputation as a poet is staked largely on	on	ADP	the	DET	 the
A four minute cut of the WonderCon footage was later released online. In March 2010, Comics Continuum reported that an animated Green Lantern film was in the works at Warner Bros. Animation and would be part of a direct to video project that was timed for release of	of	ADP	the	DET	 the
" The hip hop duo Danger Doom have produced a song inspired by 12 oz. Mouse entitled " Korn Dogz " from their EP Occult Hymn. The song uses audio clips from the episode " Rooster ", with the line " Corn dogs for the pickin '	'	PUNCT	"	PUNCT	 "
Subjects also rated earlier their " respect for the political opinions of each of these individuals ". This was used as a measure of prestige. Lorge found that the participants rated the same statement differently when it was referred to a different author. More specifically, the	the	DET	rating	NOUN	 rating
These materials, with a conjectural reconstruction of the partially lost vocal lines and second violin part, were later published and professionally recorded. This piece has now been performed a number of times by amateur and professional companies, although it has not become a standard addition to	to	ADP	the	DET	 the
When Gygax was forced out of TSR, Arneson was removed from the company before a planned fifth module could be published. Gygax and Arneson again went their separate ways. In 1986 Arneson wrote a new D & D module set in Blackmoor called " The Garbage Pits	Pits	PROPN	of	ADP	 of
However, the German policy of neutrality was not popular in the homeland, and relations with Italy had suffered badly. After the Peace of Moscow, Germany did not hesitate to move to improve ties with Finland, and within two weeks Finno German relations were at the	the	DET	top	NOUN	 top
The player controls a weapon equipped speedboat through 25 levels. Objectives include winning races, saving swimmers, and defusing bombs. The game also includes power ups and is displayed from a 3D isometric perspective with automatic scrolling that follows the player's movement. The Stamper brothers	brothers	NOUN	designed	VERB	 designed
De Soto proceeded south along the Florida coast on 22 October, stopping at Tampa Bay and Key West before arriving at St. Thomas, Virgin Islands, on 17 November. The ship, in company with sidewheel steamer Susquehanna and screw sloop of war Monongahela, was there	there	ADV	as	ADP	 as
In 1887 the service between Aberdeen and Dyce had improved with more local trains and new stations; by the end of that year there were twelve trains a day, eventually becoming twenty trains a day calling at nine stops in twenty minutes. The trains were initially called	called	VERB	the	DET	 the
After the posthumous production of The Tales of Hoffmann, The Times partially reconsidered its judgment, writing, " Les Contes de Hoffmann [will] confirm the opinion of those who regard him as a great composer in every sense of the word ". It then lapsed	lapsed	VERB	into	ADP	 into
In endurance riding. Uusi Helinä, ridden by Ritva Lampinen, successfully finished the endurance riding world championship competition in Stockholm, Sweden in 1990, finishing 28th. The Finnhorse is considered a reliable and fairly good jumper, and is regularly seen in 130 centimetres (51	51	NUM	in	ADP	 in
Through the influence of a mutual friend, Frank Lloyd Wright agreed to employ Raymond from May 1916. Initially, Raymond and Noémi worked with Frank Lloyd Wright at Taliesin in Spring Green, Wisconsin. In 1917 he enlisted with the United States Army serving overseas with the	the	DET	American	PROPN	 American
The son of Stephen VIII Báthory and a member of the Hungarian Báthory noble family, Báthory was a ruler of Transylvania in the 1570s, defeating another challenger for that title, Gáspár Bekes. In 1576 Báthory became the third elected king of Poland. He worked closely	closely	ADV	with	ADP	 with
I was pleasantly surprised. " Emil Pagliarulo of The Adrenaline Vault wrote: " I will tell you, without reservation, [...] that this has become my favorite game of all time. " Paul Presley of PC Zone called it " a bloody good game	game	NOUN	"	PUNCT	 "
Maxwell says his goodbyes to Kath and Les, then, alone, receives a call from his driver, who is waiting for him and Dr. Meier. Maxwell turns to the body and says he is " terribly sorry ", but there can only be " one	one	NUM	candidate	NOUN	 candidate
" These antics earned him the nickname " Moon the Loon. " Moon's style of drumming was considered unique by his bandmates, although they sometimes found his unconventional playing frustrating; Entwistle noted that he tended to play faster or slower according to his mood. "	"	PUNCT	He	PRON	 He
Also being teetotal, he added to the estate's holding by buying the local Failand Inn, which enabled him to control any riotous behaviour (it was sold to Courage Brewery in 1962 by the second Lord Wraxall). William Gibbs died in the house on 3	3	NUM	April	PROPN	 April
It would keep this status for subsequent rushes in the region due to its trade center status and accessibility to railroad infrastructure. [d] Spokane's growth continued unabated until August 4, 1889, when a fire, now known as The Great Fire (not to	to	PART	be	AUX	 be
There is little direct evidence of the relationship between Æthelbald and the kings who were dependent on him. Generally, a king subject to an overlord such as Æthelbald would still be regarded as a king, but would have his independence curtailed in some respects. Charters are	are	AUX	an	DET	 an
The standing of the Plantagenet Alliance was challenged. Mathematician Rob Eastaway calculated that Richard III may have millions of living collateral descendants, saying that " we should all have the chance to vote on Leicester versus York ". In August 2013 Justice Haddon Cave granted permission for	for	ADP	a	DET	 a
There is general agreement that Russian French writer and political activist Matvei Golovinski fabricated the text for Okhrana, the secret police of the Russian Empire, as a work of counter revolutionary propaganda prior to the 1905 Russian Revolution, by plagiarizing, almost word for word in some	some	DET	passages	NOUN	 passages
The change in position of the guns and the extension of the air intakes, which looked " uncannily like a double barreled shotgun, " allowed the nose wheel to be moved forward to lengthen the wheelbase. The guns were mounted behind the nose wheel well and a	a	DET	special	ADJ	 special
The Mayer – Vietoris sequence holds for a variety of cohomology and homology theories, including singular homology and singular cohomology. In general, the sequence holds for those theories satisfying the Eilenberg – Steenrod axioms, and it has variations for both reduced and relative (co)	)	PUNCT	homology	NOUN	 homology
The tramway from Leeds ran parallel to the colliery line to Hunslet Moor staithes and then headed south through Middleton Woods to a terminus on the Ring Road. The tramway was made into a circular route in 1949 when it was extended to Belle Isle Road and Balm Road	Road	PROPN	in	ADP	 in
She was attacked in July 1945 as part of the American campaign to destroy the IJN's last remaining capital ships, but was only slightly damaged. In mid 1946, the ship was a target for nuclear weapon tests during Operation Crossroads. She survived the first test	test	NOUN	with	ADP	 with
During the fighting, 12 Croatian policemen and 20 civilians were killed. On 28 July, fighting resumed around Topusko, which was besieged by SAO Krajina forces that day, as well as around Hrvatska Kostajnica and Hrvatska Dubica. Combat in the area continued into August,	,	PUNCT	and	CCONJ	 and
Hill was not the only one to attack the work; Thornton wrote satires of Amelia in the Drury Lane Journal. Thornton's satires were first published on 16 January 1752 and included a fake advertisement for a parody novel called " Shamelia ", playing off of title	title	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
It is rare and endangered in its natural habitat, with all major populations currently threatened by Phytophthora cinnamomi dieback, a disease to which the species is highly susceptible. Other threats include loss of habitat, commercial exploitation and changes to the fire regime. Highly valued by	by	ADP	Australia	PROPN	 Australia
The team was run by Prodrive, a new motorsport group set up by David Richards, Toivonen's former boss at Opel. His European season with Porsche turned out to be a success. He started with two retirements, a third and a second place, but	but	CCONJ	went	VERB	 went
Broccoli and Saltzman turned instead to Guy Hamilton to direct; Hamilton, who had turned down directing Dr. No, felt that he needed to make Bond less of a " superman " by making the villains seem more powerful. Hamilton knew Fleming, as both were involved	involved	VERB	during	ADP	 during
Negotiating sub zero temperatures, Favre amassed 236 passing yards and two touchdowns, but also threw an interception in overtime that set up the Giants ' game winning field goal. Favre's 90 yard touchdown pass to Donald Driver in the second quarter was the longest pass in	in	ADP	Packers	PROPN	 Packers
This was their first purpose built ground, with a grandstand that seated 600 people and an overall capacity of between 10,000 and 15,000. The club was forced to move on again though, this time by the Millwall Dock Company who wanted to use it as a timberyard	timberyard	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
" Rolling Stone's Peter Travers awarded the film three and a half stars out of four and particularly praised Johansson's performance, stating that she " speaks Samantha in tones sweet, sexy, caring, manipulative and scary " and that her " vocal tour de force	force	NOUN	is	AUX	 is
Charles, like Frank, also died in World War I. After his education in Ottawa, McGee worked for the Canadian government Department of Indian Affairs, but he had a passion for sports and played lacrosse and rugby and excelled at ice hockey. While playing half back	back	ADV	for	ADP	 for
The large central panel expresses the current situation, with the local Flemish Dutch elites being completely corrupted. The last panel anticipates the tragic fate of the region under the imperial government. All details were carefully planned and are meaningful. For instance, the so called "	"	PUNCT	Tree	PROPN	 Tree
After the Anglo Dutch fleet defeated a French fleet at La Hogue in 1692, the allies for a short period controlled the seas, and Ireland was pacified thereafter by the Treaty of Limerick. At the same time, the Grand Alliance fared poorly in Europe, as	as	SCONJ	William	PROPN	 William
Radio show host Tommy Dolan, who arrived to help with the arson investigation, develops feelings for Iris, but a romance is hindered by Brother Justin's return from a week long self discovery trip. Dolan starts to uncover evidence pointing to Iris's guilt, but	but	CCONJ	a	DET	 a
At the time, the attendance was the best ever for a regular season WNBL game, with only two Grand Finals games in the post season having more people in attendance. In the 2002 / 2003 season, she was one of only three players who were taller	taller	ADJ	than	ADP	 than
Since the ball could only be moved up the court via a pass early players tossed the ball over their heads as they ran up court. Also following each " goal " a jump ball was taken in the middle of the court. Both practices are obsolete in	in	ADP	the	DET	 the
The Mérens, like many mountain horses, is calm, docile and hardworking. The report of a comprehensive study on the heritability of the breed's temperament was published in Equ ' idée in 2010. It is a versatile breed, and very hardy, able to	to	PART	live	VERB	 live
The new crossing is 100 feet (30 m) above river level compared to the 10 feet (3.0 m) for the 1921 span. The total budget for bridge construction was $4.5 million and an additional $1.7 million for the approach work, with an	an	DET	80	NUM	 80
The Congress is considered centre left in Indian political culture, and the BJP right wing. For most of the period between 1950 — when India first became a republic — and the late 1980s, the Congress held a majority in the parliament. Since then, however	however	ADV	,	PUNCT	,
SASR reconnaissance patrols can be inserted by air (either by helicopter, standard parachute or HALO), land (on foot or by vehicle) or sea (including by submarine, small boats, canoes or closed circuit breathing apparatus) and have proven capable of covering	covering	VERB	large	ADJ	 large
Unlike most British Army infantry regiments, which were associated with a county, the King's represented the city of Liverpool, one of only four regiments affiliated to a city in the British Army. After 273 years of continuous existence, the regiment was amalgamated with the	the	DET	Manchester	PROPN	 Manchester
The group later encounters a sick Triceratops. The tour is cut short as a tropical storm approaches Isla Nublar. Most of the park employees depart on a boat for the mainland and the visitors return to their electric tour vehicles, except Ellie, who stays with the	the	DET	park	NOUN	 park
Thus the mandarins are able to maintain a cultural and spiritual superiority resembling that of the Lunar upper class, which is to be placed in contrast with the variety of languages spoken in a fractured and morally degenerate Europe and elsewhere. Knowlson argues that using the term "	"	PUNCT	language	NOUN	 language
These sentiments, according to the Irish philosopher poet Thomas Duddy, " rendered much of the Shavian outlook passé and contemptible ". " Creative evolution ", Shaw's version of the new science of eugenics, became an increasing theme in his political writing after 1900.	.	PUNCT	He	PRON	 He
Ofcom was considering whether a formal investigation was warranted under the broadcast code section on harm and offence. After one week, Ofcom had received 290 complaints. Straw described Nick Griffin as a " fantasising conspiracy theorist with some very unpleasant views and no moral compass. But	But	CCONJ	now	ADV	 now
In Hartford, the original alignment of US 5 entered the city on Maple Avenue and made its way to the Bulkeley Bridge via Main Street, Central Row, and Columbus Boulevard. The route was shifted slightly eastward to Wyllys Street and Columbus Boulevard by 1941. The	The	DET	opening	NOUN	 opening
Deliberative assemblies shall be widely established and all matters decided by open discussion. All classes, high and low, shall be united in vigorously carrying out the administration of affairs of state. The common people, no less than the civil and military officials, shall all	all	PRON	be	AUX	 be
The Faculty of Medicine granted its first degree, a Doctor of Medicine and Surgery, in 1833; this was also the first medical degree to be awarded in Canada. The Faculty of Medicine remained the school's only functioning faculty until 1843 when the Faculty of Arts	Arts	PROPN	commenced	VERB	 commenced
He stated that the purpose of his other acting jobs was to pay for his independent projects, over which he would have artistic control. Carradine said he even sold his Kung Fu residuals to raise money for his own projects, and consequently gone into debt. He	He	PRON	also	ADV	 also
More limited than the United States doctrine of fair use, fair dealing originates in Sections 29 and 30 of the Copyright, Designs and Patents Act 1988, and requires the infringer to show not only that their copying falls into one of the three fair dealing categories,	,	PUNCT	but	CCONJ	 but
In United States v. Helstoski (1979), the Court held that the prosecution may not introduce any evidence of a past " legislative act " at trial. According to Weeks, " [a] s a practical matter, it is extremely difficult to successfully prosecute	prosecute	VERB	a	DET	 a
The legal profession closed ranks and defended Goddard's reputation against Levin's attacks. Among those denouncing Levin were Lords Denning, Devlin, Hodson, Parker, Shawcross and Stow Hill. After Levin's death The Times published an article opining that information made public since 1971	1971	NUM	"	PUNCT	 "
It felt the letter of inquiry showed the Singapore authorities were not clear about events that had occurred over a century earlier and that they were unsure their records were complete, which was understandable in the circumstances. It also disagreed that the Acting State Secretary of Johor,	,	PUNCT	who	PRON	 who
On October 21, the sixth and final system of the season was first observed over the Bahamas. The storm brought coastal flooding to Nassau and Bermuda later in its duration, before dissipating on October 26. The season's activity was reflected with a low accumulated cyclone	cyclone	NOUN	energy	NOUN	 energy
At the time, BT and Cadbury, who had sponsorship deals with S Club 7, said they were " very disappointed " to learn of the caution but said they would keep their contracts with the band. However, cereal firm Quaker Oats ended talks with 19	19	NUM	Entertainment	PROPN	 Entertainment
" This leads to fear and suspicion between them because they are afraid of things they do not understand. Holmes said that " ignorance is a very scary thing! " Non belief is also significant in the storylines: Mothwing and Cloudtail do not believe in StarClan.	.	PUNCT	Another	DET	 Another
In 1791, a group of Romanian intellectuals drew up a petition, known as Supplex Libellus Valachorum, which was sent to the Emperor in Vienna. The petition demanded the equality of the Romanian nation in Transylvania in respect to the other nations (Saxon, Szekler and	and	CCONJ	Hungarian	PROPN	 Hungarian
The two crews have to work together to allow the modern Enterprise to gain access to a wormhole which is defended by Xindi vessels. The episode made use of the standing Enterprise sets, as well as those created for Degra's ship. Guest stars included those who	who	PRON	had	AUX	 had
He still holds the NBA record for rebounds in one half with 32 (vs. Philadelphia, on November 16, 1957). Career wise in rebounds, Russell ranks second only to Wilt Chamberlain in regular season total (21,620) and average per game (22.5)	)	PUNCT	,	PUNCT	,
Aside from Owen Hart, the tournament did not figure prominently into the future storylines of any of the other participants. The qualifying match between the 1 – 2 – 3 Kid and Adam Bomb did, however, help advance a storyline. Bomb and Kwang, both	both	PRON	managed	VERB	 managed
Auburn retired Barkley's No. 34 jersey on March 3, 2001. In 2010, just two years removed from announcing he had a serious interest in becoming a candidate for Governor of Alabama, Barkley admitted that he asked for, and had been given, money	money	NOUN	from	ADP	 from
He accepted, and although defeated, fought a strong campaign which won him a congratulatory letter from William Gladstone. His business affairs were proceeding less serenely; he quarrelled with his partner Douglas MacRae, and the two decided to separate. Bottomley described the " Quixotic impulse	impulse	NOUN	"	PUNCT	 "
A fan disc of Tayutama, titled Tayutama: It's Happy Days, was released on May 29, 2009 in both limited and regular editions. The limited edition of It's Happy Days contained the game itself and a visual fan book with short summaries of the	the	DET	game	NOUN	 game
With the help of an oceanographer friend Jan Rodricks stows away on an Overlord supply ship and travels 40 light years to their home planet. Due to the time dilation of special relativity at near light speeds, the elapsed time on the ship is only a few weeks	weeks	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
According to the modern evolutionary synthesis, adaptations are produced incrementally through natural selection, so major genetic changes will usually spread within populations only if they do not decrease the fitness of individuals. Although neutral changes (which provide no benefit) can spread through genetic drift,	,	PUNCT	and	CCONJ	 and
" By the thirteenth century, " the Tantras had assimilated a very large number of cults of various origins – regional, tribal and sectarian – [and] had assumed a completely Shakta character. " From the fourteenth century onward, " the Shakta Tantric cults had	had	AUX	[	X	 [
We ’ d hoped for more. " " Scream & Shout " was used as a backing track to a television commercial to promote Beats by Dr. Dre Color headphones. The commercial featured celebrities Azealia Banks, Zedd, Ellie Goulding, Lil Wayne, 2 Chainz,	,	PUNCT	Zendaya	PROPN	 Zendaya
Criticisms over the decision to use the bombs have increased over time, however. Arguments made against the attacks include that Japan would have eventually surrendered and that the attacks were made to either intimidate the Soviet Union or justify the Manhattan Project. In 1994, an opinion	opinion	NOUN	poll	NOUN	 poll
The ship carried 280 long tons (280 t) of coal which gave her a range of 1,400 nautical miles (2,600 km; 1,600 mi) at full speed. She was fitted with three masts in a light fore and aft rig to steady her and aid	aid	VERB	in	ADP	 in
In 1637, they established seven missionary centers at Romblon, Badajoz (San Agustin), Cajidiocan, Banton, Looc, Odiongan and Magallanes (Magdiwang). They also built massive forts, churches and watchtowers in the province, such as Fort San Jose in Banton	Banton	PROPN	and	CCONJ	 and
Bypass US Highway 16 (Byp. US 16) was a bypass route of US 16 in the Grand Rapids area. The highway became a part of the state highway system c. 1930 as a part of M 114, which was a beltline around the Grand Rapids	Rapids	PROPN	area	NOUN	 area
The last was The Bill Uncovered: On The Front Line (2006), in which Superintendent Adam Okaro recounts the extraordinary events that have surrounded Sun Hill over his time in charge. A review of the second of these specials criticised the " increasingly degenerative plotlines "	"	PUNCT	of	ADP	 of
On 11 January 1771, he was tried by Lord Mansfield, the gentleman who originally introduced Smart to Alexander Pope, and he was soon recommended to the King's Bench Prison. Although he was in prison, Charles Burney purchased the " Rules " (allowing him	him	PRON	some	DET	 some
PSM3 called the new look " controversially sexy ". As in the first game, Chell's facial appearance is based on that of voice actress Alésia Glidewell. Chell continues her role as a silent observer, as the straight man in response to the insanity around her	her	PRON	and	CCONJ	 and
She and the player encounter warring Foretellers from different unions and new kinds of Heartless that are revealed to be corrupted Keyblade wielders as well as a dark vision of Chirithy. To further understand the mysteries of the Foretellers and the future, the player, Chirithy, and	and	CCONJ	Skuld	AUX	 Skuld
His first book, Adrenaline, was published under the pseudonym James Dillinger. A story of two gay fugitive lovers on the run, it presaged the satire and drug fueled violence so prominent in his later books. Here Baker began developing the themes that dominated his following	following	VERB	works	NOUN	 works
" In contrast to crewmembers of the battleship Silvana who wear modern and utilitarian uniforms, other characters wear traditionally aristocratic attire. High amount of attention was given to character animation. Animators especially experienced difficulties with Alex Row's hair and flowing cape. Production of Last Exile	Exile	PROPN	relied	VERB	 relied
The population mistakes Batman for a warrior of legend who would break the barriers that confine the population. Believing this to be their chance for a revolution to overthrow the military dictatorship, a rebel group joins Batman in storming the headquarters of the kingpin who controls the sex	sex	NOUN	tour	NOUN	 tour
" Frusciante's musical style has evolved over the course of his career. Although he received moderate recognition for his early guitar work, it was not until later in his career that music critics and guitarists alike began to fully recognize it: in October 2003, he	he	PRON	was	AUX	 was
When it rises and takes a breath, its heart rate speeds up in seconds, and the muscles receive newly oxygenated blood. Unlike many marine mammals, crocodilians have little myoglobin to store oxygen in their muscles. During diving, muscles are supplied with oxygen when an	an	DET	increasing	VERB	 increasing
Nevertheless, he understood that any dissolution would not be peaceful, stating in 1856 that " dreadful will be the internecine war that must ensue ". In 1859, Benjamin was elected to a second term, but allegations of involvement in land scandals and the fact that	that	SCONJ	upstate	ADJ	 upstate
" The video was due to premiere on February 15, 2013 at BET's 106 & Park. However, the day before its planned release it was leaked online through Youku, and was therefore uploaded to VEVO the same day. Recording Instrumentation recorded at The Blue	Blue	PROPN	Room	PROPN	 Room
In only its first half hour of trading Pixar stock shot from $22 to $45, delaying trading because of un matched buy orders. Shares climbed to $49 before closing the day at $39. During the 1990s and 2000s, Pixar gradually developed the	the	DET	"	PUNCT	 "
Unbeknownst to BMO, Finn and Jake are watching the activity from outside a window. The focus then shifts to Finn and Jake, who attempt to experience the ultimate high five. Eventually, Finn places himself in a catapult, and Jake stretches himself into a slingshot	slingshot	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
In 2011 once again an Indian Army official said that the Arrow 2 might become part of India's missile defense solution. Turkey also planned to buy anti missile air defense systems worth more than $1 billion. The Arrow was considered a potential contender, but was	was	AUX	rejected	VERB	 rejected
It was still garrisoned in the mid 1620s and was probably still in active service at the start of the English Civil War between the supporters of King Charles I and Parliament in 1642. Captain Swaley, a Parliamentary naval commander, seized Netley at the end of that	that	DET	year	NOUN	 year
His bid for re election in February 1878 was close but unsuccessful. In July 1878 Brown was appointed the clerk to the Attorney General and by November of the same year legal announcements published in the local newspapers referenced him as the Deputy Attorney General. He was listed	listed	VERB	in	ADP	 in
This book was also considered by Aloysius Pieris to be de Silva's most outstanding contribution to Theology, and by Perry Schmidt Leukel to be one of the classics in Buddhist Christian dialogue, and one that has become well known among those actively involved in this dialogue.	.	PUNCT	Furthermore	ADV	 Furthermore
The discovery of plutonium had to wait until the end of 1940, when Glenn T. Seaborg and his team identified the isotope plutonium 238. Neptunium's unique radioactive characteristics allowed it to be traced as it moved through various compounds in chemical reactions, at first this was	was	AUX	the	DET	 the
On 23 March, HMS Laforey, a destroyer with the Dover Patrol, struck one of UB 12's mines off Cape Gris Nez and went down with the loss of 59 men. In May, UB 12 was on a patrol with UB 39 in the English	English	PROPN	Channel	PROPN	 Channel
The use of Content ID to remove material automatically has led to controversy in some cases, as the videos have not been checked by a human for fair use. If a YouTube user disagrees with a decision by Content ID, it is possible to fill in a	a	DET	form	NOUN	 form
The animal is possibly extinct in Ivory Coast and Uganda. Reckless hunting and loss of habitat as a result of human settlement have led to significant decline in the numbers of the bohor reedbuck, although this antelope tends to survive longer in such over exploited areas as compared	compared	VERB	to	ADP	 to
The total damage caused within Pensacola and the surrounding areas totaled to greater than $3,850,000. The hurricane was considered the worst in the city in 170 years. However, there was widespread praise by residents and newspapers for the Weather Bureau for tracking the hurricane and issuing	issuing	VERB	storm	NOUN	 storm
Two incomplete passes and a one yard run later, Tech prepared to punt the ball away. During the kick, Florida State's defense broke through the Virginia Tech offensive line and blocked the kick. The ball rolled inside the one yard line, where Florida State	State	PROPN	's	PART	's
The camera angle and melee system were also altered to fit with the team's intention of the game. Some gameplay features were inspired by the game's post apocalyptic nature; for example, a task involving spatial problem solving was inspired by the prior inclusion of a	a	DET	strong	ADJ	 strong
The species name dolichobrachion is Greek, coming from dolicho- (" long ") and brachion (" arm "), and means " long armed ". It was a medium sized lemur, slightly larger than the other two members of its genus, weighing approximately	approximately	ADV	14	NUM	 14
Headley continued his success in the second game, opening the batting and top scoring with 84 in the first innings. In the second innings, opening again, he made 155 not out to guide West Indies to their victory target of 363. In the final match	match	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
Iraqi resistance was sporadic and most Iraqi soldiers surrendered on sight; as a result, the city was recaptured on 1 February 1991. During the battle, Coalition forces incurred 43 fatalities and 52 injured casualties. This included 25 Americans killed, 11 of them by friendly	friendly	ADJ	fire	NOUN	 fire
" García Márquez compiled this story through interviews with a young sailor who survived the shipwreck. The publication of the articles resulted in public controversy, as they discredited the official account of the events, which had blamed a storm for the shipwreck, and glorified the surviving	surviving	VERB	sailor	NOUN	 sailor
Second Quarto (Q2): In 1604 Nicholas Ling published, and James Roberts printed, the second quarto. Some copies are dated 1605, which may indicate a second impression; consequently, Q2 is often dated " 1604 / 5 ". Q2 is the longest early	early	ADJ	edition	NOUN	 edition
Walter de Hereford (died 1159 / 60), whether he married is unknown; however, Walter departed for Palestine on Michaelmas 1159, and died shortly afterwards without leaving legitimate issue Henry Fitzmiles (died c.1162), married a woman named Isabella, surname unknown;	;	PUNCT	Henry	PROPN	 Henry
Despite this cost differential in production, the U.S. did not import more Brazilian ethanol because of U.S. trade barriers corresponding to a tariff of 54 cent per gallon, first imposed in 1980, but kept to offset the 45 cent per gallon blender's federal tax credit that	that	PRON	is	AUX	 is
That year, they released their first song, " I Met Him on a Sunday "; after local success, it was licensed to Decca Records for national broadcast and charted at # 50. The song was influenced by doo wop, but infused with pop melodies	melodies	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
The two feuded over their similar hip hop gimmicks, until May 22. On October 30, Spanky began teaming with Paul London until January 13, 2004 when Kendrick left WWE to return to Zero1. After leaving WWE, Kendrick wrestled in different independent promotions. He	He	PRON	returned	VERB	 returned
With the First, Second, and Third Ascendants claimed in the battle, Alarak is named First Ascendant; however, Ma'lash is wary, and threatens a slow and painful death if Alarak betrays him. Throughout the ritual, Alarak is filled with doubts as to Amon	Amon	PROPN	's	PART	's
It became the fourth biggest launch of 2011 after FIFA 12, Gears of War 3 and L.A. Noire, and Warner Bros. biggest UK game launch ever, doubling the first week sales of Arkham Asylum. It was the tenth best selling game of 2011 with approximately ten	ten	NUM	weeks	NOUN	 weeks
The 7 " picture disc includes the Gravitas Club Mix of " Wake Me Up " and another new b side: another ballad, " Loving Is Easy ", which was also co written by Girls Aloud. It only appeared on vinyl until its inclusion on the	the	DET	special	ADJ	 special
Grigorieva had signed with Gibson's music label prior to the album's release. The music project was made by the film production company Icon Entertainment, owned by Gibson. She wrote all of the songs on the album, and received a credit as producer with Gibson	Gibson	PROPN	listed	VERB	 listed
With the additional funds bequeathed from Queen's first major benefactor, Robert Sutherland, the college staved off financial failure and maintained its independence. Queen's was given university status on 17 May 1881. In 1883, Women's Medical College was founded at Queen's with	with	ADP	a	DET	 a
Rowan Kaiser of The A.V. Club was polarized with the episode. Although she stated that the episode was not bad, Kaiser stated that it " didn't quite work ". Kaiser went on to give the episode a ' B- ' grade, scoring higher than the	the	DET	Family	PROPN	 Family
The genitalia arise from the tenth or most distal segment of the abdomen. Lepidoptera have some of the most complex genital structures of all insects, with a wide variety of complex spines, setae, scales and tufts in males, claspers of different shapes and different modifications	modifications	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
The hunter gatherers of the Archaic period, which lasted locally from 7000 to 1000 BC, used a greater variety of more sophisticated stone artefacts. The Woodland period marked the gradual transition to semi permanent villages and horticulture, between 1000 BC and 1500 AD. Archeological evidence	evidence	NOUN	found	VERB	 found
" The first complete Tosca recording was made in 1918, using the pre microphone acoustic process. The conductor, Carlo Sabajno, had been the Gramophone Company's house conductor since 1904; he had made recordings of several operas, including Verdi's La traviata and Rigoletto	Rigoletto	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
The existing route, via Midway Atoll, Wake Island and Guam was considered to vulnerable to disruption by Japanese forces located on nearby islands. A more secure route via Christmas Island, Canton Island, Fiji, Noumea, Rockhampton, Darwin and Fort Stotsenburg was urgently required	required	VERB	.	PUNCT	.
The tone and content of his poems ranged from pop song clichés to complex philosophical meditations, from the corns on his toes to atoms and stars, from contemporary crises to the evolution of society. He also wrote more than four hundred essays and reviews about literature,	,	PUNCT	history	NOUN	 history
The ship's secondary armament of twenty 50 caliber 14 centimeter guns was mounted in casemates on the upper sides of the hull and in the superstructure. The manually operated guns had a maximum range of 20,500 metres (22,400 yd) and fired at a rate of six	six	NUM	to	PART	 to
Worse still, temperatures rose to 1° C (34° F), melting the snow and making pulling difficult; the party switched to travelling at night to avoid the worst of the conditions. From atop the ridge on the eastern side of the Ninnis Glacier	Glacier	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
By 19: 00, Franchise had dumped her lifeboats and a large quantity of guns and supplies overboard, lightening the ship enough for her to far outstrip the pursuit. As night fell the French frigate made a full escape from the British force. Médée however had	had	AUX	not	PART	 not
After a four day jury trial in Lexington, Kentucky, that ended on December 7, 2009, the estate and daughters of 39 ‑ year ‑ old Bryan Woodward were awarded compensatory damages in the amount of $7.1 million. While Comair challenged this verdict as excessive	excessive	ADJ	,	PUNCT	,
After several diplomatic failures and military defeats in the 1730s, Austria seemed to be declining, or even on the verge of collapse. After her forty years reign, Maria Theresa left a revitalised empire that influenced the rest of Europe throughout the 19th century. She gave	gave	VERB	the	DET	 the
In the days following, many of those aircraft were able to take off using the taxiway. " To do this any other way would have been needlessly contentious, " Daley explained at a news conference Monday morning. Daley argued that the airport was a threat to	to	ADP	Chicago	PROPN	 Chicago
Most of Caria now surrendered to the Persians, although some strongholds had to be captured through force. When Histiaeus heard of the fall of Miletus, he seems to have appointed himself as leader of the resistance against Persia. Setting out from Byzantium with his force of	of	ADP	Lesbians	PROPN	 Lesbians
Ephraim Lytle, assistant professor of Hellenistic History at the University of Toronto, said 300 selectively idealizes Spartan society in a " problematic and disturbing " fashion, as well as portraying the " hundred nations of the Persians " as monsters and non Spartan Greeks as weak.	.	PUNCT	He	PRON	 He
The statue, a reference to traditional images of the Mater Dolorosa and presented in a similar style to that of Michelangelo's Pietà, faces eastward looking out to the dawn of the new day. Unlike the other statues on the monument, stonemasons carved Canada Bereft from	from	ADP	a	DET	 a
The song has since sold 20,000 digital copies in the UK. On the week commencing December 7, " Wait Your Turn " debuted on the Australian Singles Chart at number 82, before dropping out of the chart the following week. The music video for " Wait	Wait	VERB	Your	PRON	 Your
Some members of the two opposing parties were initially only about 6 feet (1.8 m) apart. About 30 shots were fired in 30 seconds. Ike Clanton, whose brother Billy had been killed, filed murder charges against the Earps and Doc Holliday. The lawmen	lawmen	NOUN	were	AUX	 were
Many methods of selection have been used, with the most common method used by RTÉ being a national final featuring a multi artist, multi song selection in which regional juries, and later the public, chooses the winner. In recent years the artist has sometimes been	been	AUX	selected	VERB	 selected
Following these initial raids, Bomber Command continued to target railway infrastructure in France in an attempt to disrupt the movement of German reinforcements to Normandy. The command operated intensively during the week after the invasion, and some Australian aircrew flew raids on consecutive nights during this period	period	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
Keegan was given more money for players, and he brought in Rob Lee, Paul Bracewell and Barry Venison and the club won the then First Division Championship at the end of the 1992 – 93 season, earning promotion to the then new Premier League. At the	the	DET	end	NOUN	 end
APP has strict policies and practices in place to ensure that only residues from legal plantation development on degraded or logged over forest areas and sustainable wood fiber enters the production supply chain. " KFC said: " From a global perspective, 60 percent of the paper products	products	NOUN	that	PRON	 that
It has been claimed that the use of the swimwear in Dr. No led to " the biggest impact on the history of the bikini ". On 5 October 2012, fifty years after the release of the film, Eon Productions celebrated " Global James Bond Day "	"	PUNCT	,	PUNCT	,
1991 was the first time since his debut year in 1980 in which Alain Prost did not win a Formula One Grands Prix. Prost went on to a sabbatical year in 1992, which was dominated by Nigel Mansell in a Williams Renault. Prost performed pre season testing	testing	NOUN	for	ADP	 for
Humberto peaked as a strong Category 2 hurricane and remained a hurricane until just before being absorbed by an extratropical cyclone on September 1. The system originated out of one of several powerful tropical waves that moved off the west coast of Africa in the second half of August	August	PROPN	.	PUNCT	.
Corman used non union writers for several years, but he finally agreed to pay Varno when he wanted to use a union writer on one of his films. Varno said he would have sought more money for the delay, but he was out of the country when	when	SCONJ	Corman	PROPN	 Corman
After hearing what they had to say, the prince dismissed all except Coventry and Williams, and called for Gordon Cumming, who told Edward that the accusation was " foul and abominable "; the prince pointed out that " there are five accusers against you ".	.	PUNCT	Gordon	PROPN	 Gordon
The instrument was introduced to the band by Harrison who acquired one in November 1968 and subsequently used it to create his Electronic Sound album. Starr made more prominent use of the tom toms on Abbey Road, later saying the album was " tom tom madness... I	I	PRON	went	VERB	 went
After Jelka's death in 1935 the Delius Trust was established, to supervise this task. As stipulated in Jelka's will, the Trust operated largely under Beecham's direction. After Beecham's death in 1961 advisers were appointed to assist the trustees, and in 1979	1979	NUM	the	DET	 the
1989: Commentaries of Heaven: The Poems (edited by D. D. C. Chambers) (Salzburg: Institut für Anglistik und Amerikanistik Universitat Salzburg, 1989). ISBN 9780773405844 2005 – 2017: The Works of Thomas Traherne (series edited by Jan Ross) (Melton	Melton	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
The trail system would reach its peak usage in the mid 19th century. The Hudson's Bay Company continued to expand its presence north of the U.S. border establishing new posts such as Fort Alexander and Rat Portage. The fur trade was in decline by the late 1830s	1830s	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
A conflict between the new papal legate, Peter of Capua, and the Latin Patriarch of Antioch, Peter of Angoulême, who had become Raymond Roupen's supporter, ended with the excommunication of the patriarch. Exploiting the situation to get rid of his opponent, Bohemond	Bohemond	PROPN	replaced	VERB	 replaced
During their last visit to the hospital, Chris and Cru were reported to be healthy and well fed. However, an autopsy showed that the infants had suffered fractured ribs in an incident prior to the fatal injuries. On 13 June, the infants ' mother,	,	PUNCT	Macsyna	PROPN	 Macsyna
Some World War II era designs were drawn up proposing another move towards gigantic armament. The German H 43 and H 44 designs proposed 508 millimetre (20 in) guns, and there is evidence Hitler wanted calibres as high as 609 millimetre (24 in);	;	PUNCT	the	DET	 the
Poe had written about Chivers in the second part of his " Autography " series, published in Graham's Magazine in December 1841. Poe said: His productions affect one as a wild dream — strange, incongruous, full of images of more than arabesque monstrosity,	,	PUNCT	and	CCONJ	 and
On May 8, 1982, Villeneuve died after an accident during the final qualifying session for the Belgian Grand Prix at Zolder. At the time of the crash, Pironi had set a time 0.1s faster than Villeneuve for sixth place. Villeneuve was using his final set	set	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
Eventually the strain of serving in tropical waters told on the ships and all three were forced to undergo an extensive refit in the nearest available allied shipyards, which were located in the Spanish held River Plate in South America. Repairs continued for six months, until Landolphe	Landolphe	PROPN	considered	VERB	 considered
As a Philadelphia 76er, he could afford to rent a New York apartment and commute to Philadelphia. In addition, he would often stay out late into the night and wake up at noon, a point that became notorious in the 1965 – 66 NBA season.	.	PUNCT	When	SCONJ	 When
" The British Cabinet approved the proposal on 29 May 1919, though it chose to widen it by offering aircraft to the colonial governments as well as those of the Dominions. These governments were notified of the offer on 4 June. While 22,812 Canadian military personnel had	had	AUX	served	VERB	 served
The Banski dvori building was struck by the Mark 82 bombs set off by proximity fuzes 5 metres (16 feet) above the target, scoring two direct hits. One civilian was reported killed by the aircraft strafing of the Tuškanac area of Gornji Grad. None of	of	ADP	the	DET	 the
Placzek became head of the theoretical physics division. Kowarski was designated to be the head of the experimental physics division, but there was a personality clash with Halban, and Kowarski did not wish to accept what he saw as a subordinate position under Halban. At this	this	DET	point	NOUN	 point
In the UK context, bad faith is seldom relied on as a ground of review as it is absent in most cases, or difficult to prove. Another exception to the general rule that courts will generally only judicially review errors of law is where action is taken	taken	VERB	or	CCONJ	 or
They whisper their prophecies in Macbeth's ear as they dance in a deserted nightclub. Justin Kurzel's hyperrealist 2015 Macbeth portrays the witches as poor women dabbling in witchcraft (who may be sisters) living off the countryside of Scotland with their children. They seem real	real	ADJ	and	CCONJ	 and
In the following weeks, Negro and Team AAA won against Elix Skipper, the team of Jerry Lynn and Sonjay Dutt and finally all of Team USA in a 4 on 4 match to claim the Americas X Cup. Four weeks later Team AAA successfully defended the X	X	PROPN	Cup	PROPN	 Cup
He became a regular official over the next few seasons and then broke into international umpiring in 1978 – 79. In that summer, Harvey stood in two One Day Internationals (ODIs) and one Test. The following season he made his final appearances at international level	level	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
The stories of the Greycoat were published in a book by Arvid August Afzelius in the middle of the 19th century. Another important decision made during the assembly was that of the Swedish Privy Council. Since 1634, it had been mandatory for the king to take advice	advice	NOUN	from	ADP	 from
The cap is convex to bell shaped, sometimes developing a broad umbo before expanding and flattening in age; it reaches a diameter of 1.5 – 2 cm (0.6 – 0.8 in). In maturity, the cap eventually forms a central depression, and, in	in	ADP	some	DET	 some
In 2011, Steorn's website was updated to suggest that the Orbo is based on magnetic fields which vary over time. Barry Williams of the Australian Skeptics has pointed out that Steorn is " not the first company to claim they have suddenly discovered the miraculous property of	of	ADP	magnetism	NOUN	 magnetism
That is, it is a system of vertices and edges connecting pairs of vertices, such that no two cycles of consecutive edges share any vertex with each other, nor can any two cycles be connected to each other by a path of consecutive edges. A pseudotree	pseudotree	NOUN	is	AUX	 is
The commercial for the fragrance found controversy in the United Kingdom with UK's Advertising Standards Authority. It was banned from the country's daytime TV rotation due to its " sexy imagery " and was only shown after 7: 30 in the afternoon. The U.K. '	'	PART	s	PART	 s
The group is composed of Joseph Bruce and Joseph Utsler, who perform under the respective personas of the " wicked clowns " Violent J and Shaggy 2 Dope (originally 2 Dope). Insane Clown Posse performs a style of hardcore hip hop known as horrorcore and is	is	AUX	known	VERB	 known
Visentini, who had crashed in the previous stage, did not start and abandoned the race. Roche beat out the second place finisher, Dietrich Thurau, by fourteen seconds to win the day and the overall race itself. In doing so, Roche became the first	first	ADJ	Irishman	PROPN	 Irishman
Upon its transfer to state control in 1993, it had previously been a county maintained freeway, the Davison Freeway was designated as M 8. Three years later, the Davison was closed for a year and a half to reconstruct it to Interstate Highway standards with an	an	DET	additional	ADJ	 additional
Top Deck was bred by the King Ranch, and was unraced. J. B. Ferguson had purchased Lightfoot Sis when her then owner, Octave Fontenot of Prairie Ronde, Louisiana, decided to get out of the horse breeding business. Ferguson paid $350 for her (	(	PUNCT	approximately	ADV	approximately
Westridge House, an impressive Tudor style structure, underwent a A $500,000 refurbishment and is used as a residence for the chief officer of the CSIRO. By 1928, there were over 130 people on the electoral roll for Westridge. The majority of the population consisted	consisted	VERB	of	ADP	 of
Hergé continued The Adventures of Tintin with The Secret of the Unicorn, while the series itself became a defining part of the Franco Belgian comics tradition. The Shooting Star has received a mixed critical reception and has been one of the most controversial instalments in the series due	due	ADP	to	ADP	 to
When the deputy tried to enter the house, one of Clemmons ' cousins grabbed his wrist. After a struggle, Clemmons emerged from the house and punched the deputy in the face, and assaulted a second deputy who arrived to help. Clemmons was placed under arrest	arrest	NOUN	and	CCONJ	 and
Final consolidated ratings showed the episode was watched by 7.57 million viewers with an audience share of 31%. It achieved an Appreciation Index of 88, the joint highest for the series at time of broadcast. " A Good Man Goes to War " has received mixed	mixed	ADJ	to	ADP	 to
On October 1, 2012 Cudi confirmed that production from electronic rock duo Ratatat, with whom he collaborated on " Pursuit of Happiness " and " Alive " from his debut album Man on the Moon: The End of Day (2009), would be featured on	on	ADP	Indicud	PROPN	 Indicud
Ravenscraig, Kirkcaldy, begun about 1460, is probably the first castle in the British Isles to be built as an artillery fort, incorporating " D shape " bastions that would better resist cannon fire and on which artillery could be mounted. In the period of French	French	ADJ	intervention	NOUN	 intervention
Six years later, Screamin ' Toys issued a new model kit for Jason Goes to Hell. Both kits are now out of production. McFarlane Toys released two toy lines, one in 1998 and the other in 2002. The first was a figure of Jason from	from	ADP	Jason	PROPN	 Jason
Arriving in Puerto Rico, in January 1521, he received the terrible news that the Dominican convent at Chiribichi had been sacked by Indians, and that the Spaniards of the islands had launched a punitive expedition, led by Gonzalo de Ocampo, into the very heart of	of	ADP	the	DET	 the
Mary and Bothwell confronted the lords at Carberry Hill and after their forces melted away, he fled and she was captured by Bothwell's rivals. Mary was imprisoned in Loch Leven Castle, and in July 1567, was forced to abdicate in favour of her 13 month	month	NOUN	old	ADJ	 old
Those at Dolcoath were made redundant within weeks of this increase. Dolcoath, the last mine in Cornwall to employ traditional bal maidens, closed in 1921, bringing the centuries old tradition to an end. (The end of the use of bal maidens did not mean	mean	VERB	the	DET	 the
Previous to this, in the hugely influential Watchmen (1986), one of the central characters, Ozymandias, is referred to as " possibly homosexual " by Rorschach, who critics have interpreted as asexual. The series also strongly implied that minor characters the Hooded Justice	Justice	PROPN	and	CCONJ	 and
The county and municipal divisions of the capital cities were governed by a Prefect (Ling 令). The Prefect was also responsible for a prison and could arrest officials of high rank. The Colonel of the City Gates (Chengmen xiaowei 城門校衛) commanded the garrisons at	at	ADP	the	DET	 the
In October 2012, the game sold 806,000 copies in the United States. According to Capcom, sales weakened following the strong start, with the company admitting that the game would not meet their goals, and consequently lowered their financial projections for the fiscal year as a	a	DET	result	NOUN	 result
Though he was left off of the Yankees ' postseason roster for the 2012 American League Championship Series, he was added to the roster when Jeter suffered a fractured ankle. In Game 3 of the 2012 ALCS, Núñez hit his first career postseason home run off of	of	ADP	Tigers	PROPN	 Tigers
The tarsometatarsus averaged 232 mm (9 in) in length. In males, the tibiotarsus averaged 261 mm (10 in), whereas it averaged 301 mm (12 in) in females. In contrast, the same bones measured 269 mm (10.5 in)	)	PUNCT	and	CCONJ	 and
In the early 1990s, Rose became a staunch believer in homeopathic medicine, and began regularly undergoing past life regression therapy. He went public with his " uncovered memories " of being sexually abused by his biological father at the age of two, which he said had	had	AUX	stunted	VERB	 stunted
As Sayid and John Locke (Terry O'Quinn) discuss the attack on Sayid, Locke suggests that Sawyer is the culprit, since he is doing well for himself on the island, hoarding other people's possessions, and also seems to dislike Sayid. Meanwhile, Shannon	Shannon	PROPN	begins	VERB	 begins
The projected boom failed to materialise, however, and HAT quickly entered bankruptcy, Leavitt selling the XR 1A to Frank Piasecki, another former Platt LePage employee who had now started his own helicopter company. Piasecki soon grounded the aircraft due to airworthiness concerns, and used	used	VERB	the	DET	 the
The series concluded in late August with another short, " Deliver Hope ". As part of the promotions, Microsoft created an interactive light sculpture; users logged onto a website where they could direct a KUKA industrial robot to plot pinpricks of light; over 54,000 points	points	NOUN	created	VERB	 created
However, the term was not accepted immediately and several other terms for antibody were proposed; these included Immunkörper, Amboceptor, Zwischenkörper, substance sensibilisatrice, copula, Desmon, philocytase, fixateur, and Immunisin. The word antibody has formal analogy to the word antitoxin and	and	CCONJ	a	DET	 a
In September 2014 Gröning was charged by German prosecutors as an accessory to murder, in 300,000 cases, for his role at the Auschwitz concentration camp. His trial began in April 2015, after the court had ruled that, at the age of 93, he was	was	AUX	still	ADV	 still
Blender considered By the Way to be an indistinguishable sequel to Californication, calling it " Californication 2 ". It further condemned the Chili Peppers for not varying their style and remaining extremely similar in sound. Jaime Lowe of The Village Voice panned Kiedis's lyrics as "	"	PUNCT	absolutely	ADV	 absolutely
Mayor Quimby, who first appeared in " Bart Gets an F ", is a parody of various members of the Kennedy family. The episode script did not call for Quimby to be a parody of them, and Castellaneta improvised the accent. Sideshow Mel's voice	voice	NOUN	is	AUX	 is
" As late as the mid 1980s she remained one of the biggest TV draws. As an indication of her impact on popular culture today, more than two generations later, there are numerous cultural references to the Hollywood sex symbol and Playboy Playmate in recent films,	,	PUNCT	books	NOUN	 books
This same problem also was cited by the Nevada Legislature as a reason to dissolve Bullfrog County, Nevada, a short lived county specially created in 1987 for purposes of shifting federal transfer payments related to the creation of the Yucca Mountain nuclear waste facility directly to the state	state	NOUN	treasury	NOUN	 treasury
This reduces the amount of plutonium needed to reach criticality from 16 kg to 10 kg, which is a sphere with a diameter of about 10 centimeters (4 in). This critical mass is about a third of that for uranium 235. The Fat Man plutonium	plutonium	NOUN	bombs	NOUN	 bombs
Bond is hidden below the model of Fort Knox whilst Fröbe's natural voice can be heard above. However, he was redubbed for the rest of the film by stage actor Michael Collins. Shirley Eaton as Jill Masterson: Bond Girl and Goldfinger's aide de camp	camp	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
Schwere SS Panzer Abteilung 101 had arrived in Normandy on 12 June, after a five day drive from Beauvais. The battalion had an establishment of 45 Tiger I but had been reduced to about 17 serviceable tanks by an air attack near Versailles. The 1st Company moved	moved	VERB	to	ADP	 to
Sixteen years later, the plaintiffs were awarded $926 million in economic damages, punitive damages, and interest. The 10th U.S. Circuit Court of Appeals subsequently threw out the verdict and ordered a retrial. A further appeal was rejected without comment by the United States Supreme	Supreme	PROPN	Court	PROPN	 Court
In particular, White has to choose if he wants to start active operations on the queenside immediately (e.g. Rc1, Qc3, c5), or if he wants to finish his development first (with Be2 and 0 0). The immediate 11.c5!? is	is	AUX	a	DET	 a
Trujillo's character struggles with aging and the physical problems of incontinence and impotence. Through fictional events and first person narrative, the reader is given insight into the man who, during his " thirty one years of horrendous political crimes ", modernized the country's infrastructure	infrastructure	NOUN	and	CCONJ	 and
The Allies fed German spies a steady stream of false intelligence that Patton had been named commander of the First United States Army Group (FUSAG) and was preparing this command for an invasion of Pas de Calais. The FUSAG command was in reality an intricately constructed "	"	PUNCT	phantom	ADJ	 phantom
The club opened there on September 1, 1919 and existed there until at least 1927. Presidents included Henry C. Pearson (1919 – 21), Jesse C. Williams (1921 – 23), Walter H. Eddy (1923 – 25), and Edward S. Evanden	Evanden	PROPN	(	PUNCT	 (
Psychoanalysis is a school of thought, founded by Sigmund Freud, which emphasizes the resolution of unconscious mental conflicts. Psychoanalytic techniques are used by some practitioners to treat clients presenting with major depression. A more widely practiced, eclectic technique, called psychodynamic psychotherapy, is loosely	loosely	ADV	based	VERB	 based
The current Doctor promptly sends the current Rory and the now current Amy through the inner TARDIS. The Doctor then explains that he will set up a " controlled temporal implosion " in order to " reset the TARDIS ", but in order to do so he must	must	AUX	know	VERB	 know
Barium also has 10 meta states, out of which barium 133m1 is the most stable, having a half life of about 39 hours. Alchemists in the early Middle Ages knew about some barium minerals. Smooth pebble like stones of mineral barite found in Bologna, Italy	Italy	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
" Once Hay returned to the United States in early August, he went to The Fells and watched from afar as Bryan barnstormed the nation in his campaign while McKinley gave speeches from his front porch. Despite an invitation from the candidate, Hay was reluctant to visit	visit	VERB	McKinley	PROPN	 McKinley
Edward II was a weak and ineffectual king (made to look the more so by comparison with his father and son, Edward I and Edward III), and his reign was marked by military failure and internal strife. A great number of the barony turned against	against	ADP	the	DET	 the
As a result, a ladder match was set up, where the winner would become the undisputed OVW Women's Champion. Lea won the match and was presented with the title belt on the first show of 2007. Throughout 2007, Phoenix continued to wrestle in numerous	numerous	ADJ	women	NOUN	 women
" As a Senator, Gore began to craft the High Performance Computing Act of 1991 (commonly referred to as " The Gore Bill ") after hearing the 1988 report Toward a National Research Network submitted to Congress by a group chaired by UCLA professor of computer science	science	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
In essence, the principle underlying a human being is good and benevolent, but vital energy has the potential to go astray and be corrupted, giving rise to selfish impulses and all other negative human traits. The Song Neo Confucian philosophers, finding a certain purity in	in	ADP	the	DET	 the
Victoria stays in touch with Amy and when she runs away again, Victoria hides her in the basement of the B & B. Val finds her and lets her stay but Eric forces her to leave. Amy visits Val again and tells her that her foster parents have	have	AUX	separated	VERB	 separated
Shortly before 1: 00 pm, the advance recommenced with both the 1st and 2nd Canadian Divisions reporting their final objective. The tank supported advance via Farbus, and directed at the rear of the 79th Reserve Division, was eventually halted by concentrated German fire short of	of	ADP	the	DET	 the
Dakotan departed with her group on the morning of 17 June for Brest, France, steaming at an 11 knot (20 km / h) pace. A thwarted submarine attack on the first convoy group, and reports of heavy submarine activity off of Brest resulted in	in	ADP	a	DET	 a
Once the film went into production, the decision to shoot in Vancouver, rather than in Portland, came after debate on how to match the locations that were introduced in the first film. One member involved in the decision process pointed out that Vancouver had been scouted	scouted	VERB	as	ADP	 as
: 239 A Portia spider often joins her own web on to one of a web based nonsalticid spider. When not joined to another spiders ', a P. schultzi female's capture web may be suspended from rigid foundations such as boughs and rocks, or from pliant	pliant	ADJ	bases	NOUN	 bases
The fuselage of Tank's design was further adapted to use the IAe 27a's undercarriage. The shoulder mounted, negative incidence wings were swept back 40°, an even greater sweep angle than that of the Ta 183, and given a small amount of anhedral.	.	PUNCT	Comparable	ADJ	 Comparable
Statistically, Cumberland are the worst team in the history of first grade rugby league in Australia. They only have won 12.5% of their games, lowest to Annandale (18.3%), who are also a defunct team. They won the wooden spoon for being	being	AUX	last	ADJ	 last
The Hickmans conceived Dragonlance while driving in their car on the way to TSR for a job interview. At TSR Tracy met Margaret Weis, his future writing partner, and they gathered a group of associates to play the Dungeons & Dragons role playing game. The adventures	adventures	NOUN	during	ADP	 during
The track was one of three songs on the standard edition of the album that Bieber co wrote. " Bigger ", described as moderately fast, is a R & B song with a length of three minutes and seventeen seconds, with inclinations toward teen pop and	and	CCONJ	dance	NOUN	 dance
Later, her single mounts on the bridge wings were probably replaced by twin mounts. Fame was ordered on 17 March 1933 from Parsons Marine Steam Turbine Company, although her hull was sub contracted to Vickers Armstrongs. She was laid down at their Walker, Newcastle upon	upon	SCONJ	Tyne	PROPN	 Tyne
The group consisted of many of the most influential figures of the day, including the Marquess of Stafford, Charles Arbuthnot, Prince Esterházy, the Earl of Wilton, L & M founder Joseph Sandars and William Huskisson. As the rain had formed deep puddles on either	either	DET	side	NOUN	 side
Its 2009 sequel Transformers: Revenge of the Fallen also prominently featured these two military bases. The 2009 film Year One was shot partly at White Sands National Monument, near Alamogordo. Alamogordo was one of the fourteen cities profiled in the 2005 documentary 14 Days in America	America	PROPN	.	PUNCT	.
For his work in this episode, Alec Baldwin received a Primetime Emmy Award nomination in the category for Outstanding Lead Actor in a Comedy Series at the 62nd Primetime Emmy Awards, but lost it to actor Jim Parsons. Television columnist Alan Sepinwall of The Star Ledger wrote	wrote	VERB	that	SCONJ	 that
The recruits who caught the most public attention were two members of the Boy Scout movement, Norman Mooney and James Marr. As the result of publicity organised by the Daily Mail newspaper, these two had been selected to join the expedition out of around 1,700 Scouts who	who	PRON	had	AUX	 had
The number of elected members rose gradually under Company rule until they numbered 13 in 1920, sitting alongside the administrator and six other Company officials in the 20 member Legislative Council. The Company's Royal Charter, which originally ran out in October 1914, was renewed for	for	ADP	a	DET	 a
The tail is longer than the head and body. Relative tail length in V. gymnocaudus (136% of head and body length) is comparable to that of the longest tailed species of Eliurus, E. grandidieri and E. petteri, but V. antsahabensis has a somewhat shorter	shorter	ADJ	tail	NOUN	 tail
Make up trailers would be created in local resident's homes, cave openings, inside of cars, or just sitting on the side of the road. To create Radu's face, Toth and Cabrera applied four separate prosthetic pieces to Anders Hove's forehead, left	left	VERB	and	CCONJ	 and
In the 1990s, he completed several outdoor sculptures in which he explored the use of light (The Star of David (1998) at Stockholm's Raoul Wallenberg Square, Bridge of Light (1998) in Jerusalem), and LED technology, video, and computer	computer	NOUN	design	NOUN	 design
Here, a transition in hue is made, from the browns that prevail in the lower half of the painting to the aquas that saturate the upper half. The Nile River meanders in the far distance, emptying its seven arms into the Mediterranean at the Nile Delta	Delta	PROPN	.	PUNCT	.
Alice died a few days after her son's birth, and so when he was three months old, Crawford was sent to England aboard the P & O liner Bokhara. During the journey he was entrusted to the care of his paternal aunt Eleanor, an Anglican	Anglican	ADJ	nun	NOUN	 nun
The 122RV was the same model, but with an additional reverb amplifier, which fed through to a separate static speaker. A slightly smaller version, the 33 inch (840 mm) 142 was available. Hammond Suzuki currently manufacture the 122A, a straight reissue of	of	ADP	the	DET	 the
The series was subtitled The Prophecies Begin for its planned re release in paperback with new covers in 2015. The series details the experiences of a pet cat named Rusty who ventures into the forest and is invited to join ThunderClan, one of four groups of wild cats	cats	NOUN	in	ADP	 in
Considering the response given to be unsatisfactory, de Gaulle began the development of an independent French nuclear deterrent and in 1966 withdrew from NATO's military structures and expelled NATO troops from French soil. In 1968, a period of political liberalization in Czechoslovakia called the Prague Spring	Spring	PROPN	took	VERB	 took
In December, production was divided between interiors in Pinewood Studios and location shooting in Harlem. The producers were reportedly required to pay protection money to a local Harlem gang to ensure the crew's safety. When the cash ran out, they were " encouraged " to	to	PART	leave	VERB	 leave
Dave Blaney stayed out to lead before parking his car on lap 44, allowing Johnson to regain the lead. On lap 57, the first caution period of the race was called because of debris on the track's surface. The restart on lap 61 was led	led	VERB	by	ADP	 by
By September 1845, however, Chivers was lecturing Poe on the dangers of alcohol. A Prohibitionist, he said Poe was wasting his God given talents by indulging in drink. " Why should a Man whom God, by nature, has endowed with such transcendent abilities	abilities	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
Given CBS's substantial investment in their new signing, Madinger and Easter write, the album's apparent failure led to a period of " mutual finger pointing between Paul and Columbia Records ", lasting until his contract expired in 1985. Back to the Egg received predominantly	predominantly	ADV	negative	ADJ	 negative
Then they were handed over to Archbishop Neville, to be buried in the family vault at Bisham Priory near the river Thames in Berkshire. No trace now remains of either the tomb or the church in which it was housed. On 4 May of the same year	year	NOUN	(	PUNCT	 (
Forests cover about 57% of the Potlatch River watershed, while about 38% is used for agriculture and ranching. 78% of the land is privately owned while 14% lie within national forests. 7% is owned by the state, while the Bureau of	of	ADP	Land	PROPN	 Land
Similarly, season 7 contestant Brooke White performed the song during the Mariah Carey themed week, while season 8 contestant Danny Gokey performed the song in the top 36 performances. season 10 contestant Karen Rodriguez performed the song in both English and Spanish versions in the top 24	24	NUM	performances	NOUN	 performances
System 7 also fixed this. Control panels, however, are contained in separate files. Few methods exist for interface personalization. The Finder allows each icon to be assigned a color, but the desktop background is limited to an 8x8 pixel color tiled pattern (color	color	NOUN	patterns	NOUN	 patterns
Since the production budget was adjusted to provide visual effects to make von Stauffenberg's injuries realistic, not enough was left for solely computer generated fighter planes. Singer instead used two P 40 Warhawks in the battle sequence. The budget increased in the course of production due	due	ADP	to	ADP	 to
The second dorsal fin is much smaller and originates over the aft third of the anal fin base. The anal fin is about half again as long as the second dorsal fin. There is a lengthwise groove on the caudal peduncle at the dorsal origin of the caudal	caudal	NOUN	fin	NOUN	 fin
Cobain noted, " If you look real close, there is a picture of Kiss in the back standing on a slab of beef. " The album's liner notes contain no complete song lyrics; instead, the liner contains random song lyrics and unused lyrical fragments	fragments	NOUN	that	PRON	 that
Neurath opined that this was due to the team's status as outsiders, whose company was " some 1,500 miles distant " from their publisher. The team was advanced $30,000 to create the game, but its final cost was $400,000. The game was funded	funded	VERB	partly	ADV	 partly
She saw no combat during the war, and due to a shortage of crews, the ships were withdrawn from active duty in February 1915 and relegated to secondary duties. Kaiser Barbarossa was briefly used as a torpedo target ship for most of 1915 and thereafter spent the	the	DET	remainder	NOUN	 remainder
" Blondeau was referring to the type of collar added to the Paris Mint's early coinage presses by Olivier, which were time consuming to use and caused significant damage to coinage dies and engines. He went on to say " [a] s touching the new	new	ADJ	way	NOUN	 way
She is searching for a unified self, something noble, true, beautiful. Just as she gets close to it, however, it is ruined, dissolving into a gauche pastiche too similar to her own divided life in the States ". Latin American literature scholar	scholar	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
In 1970, the United States agreed to extend the military aid program by another five years, giving Spain another 66 M48A2 tanks and 17 M41A3s. The vehicles received were organized based on a reorganization of the Brunete Armored Division in 1965. This included the General Staff	Staff	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
Although characterised at the time and since as actions against piracy, this charge has been disputed by historians and archivists in the UAE in particular, notably the current Ruler of Sharjah, HH Dr Sheikh Sultan bin Muhammad Al Qasimi in his book ' The Myth of Arabian	Arabian	ADJ	Piracy	PROPN	 Piracy
Madgearu says that Anonymus ' " account about the conquest " of Transylvania " combines data taken from oral tradition with invented facts ", but " Gelou was a real person and his name could be considered authentic ". Spinei also writes that most reports in the Gesta	Gesta	PROPN	Hungarorum	PROPN	 Hungarorum
" The score was released on 31 August 2004, and received mixed reviews. James Christopher Monger of Allmusic thought Kloser introduced electronic elements well, and called " Alien vs. Predator Main Theme a particularly striking and serves as a continuous creative source for the composer to dip	dip	VERB	his	PRON	 his
He continued, " It's just weird to take away a right or to grant people a liberty and then abandon it. I would say that's the strongest statement [the episode] makes. " The episode also criticizes the use of genetically modified foods.	.	PUNCT	At	ADP	 At
The fire gutted the medieval City of London inside the old Roman city wall. It threatened but did not reach the aristocratic district of Westminster, Charles II's Palace of Whitehall, and most of the suburban slums. It consumed 13,200 houses, 87 parish churches,	,	PUNCT	St	PROPN	 St
By 1838, Smith had abandoned plans to redeem Zion in Jackson County. After Smith and Rigdon arrived in Missouri, the town of Far West became the new Mormon " Zion ". In Missouri, the church also received a new name, the " Church of	of	ADP	Jesus	PROPN	 Jesus
In 1941, a fifth regiment was created in North Africa. Between late 1937 and 1938, Captain Félix Verdeja Bardales began to privately develop the concept for a new light tank. The new tank would take into consideration all the qualities and problems with existing tanks in	in	ADP	service	NOUN	 service
He does not mind that Kate is appalled at Erin becoming a casualty of his scheme. Rhys forces Erin to miss a class and Barber revealed that Rhys feels no guilt about what he has done. He quipped " His plan is falling into place perfectly. You	You	PRON	'll	AUX	'll
Jinnah withdrew the order. This did not stop the violence there, which has broken into war between India and Pakistan from time to time since. Some historians allege that Jinnah's courting the rulers of Hindu majority states and his gambit with Junagadh are evidence of ill	ill	ADJ	intent	NOUN	 intent
After Skeet Shoot, Salvo signed a contract that led to the creation of Spacechase. Eventually, Salvo became Apollo's Director of Development and was given the job of hiring 25 programmers to work on Apollo's games. Apollo went on to release seven other games after	after	ADP	Skeet	PROPN	 Skeet
At the time, Selena had not recorded a single song for her planned English language debut. Behar subsequently told Koppelman that Selena and her band would leave EMI and find a record company willing to record an English language album for Selena. Behar had lied to the	the	DET	chairman	NOUN	 chairman
Exacerbating the situation was Margaret's disapproval of the relationship that the teenage girl developed with overseer Thomas Gott. Push literally came to shove during an incident when Margaret disciplined her for what she believed was rough handling of one of the children. Thorne alleged that during the	the	DET	ensuing	VERB	 ensuing
The debris avalanche was up to 0.7 cubic miles (2.9 km3) in volume. The Mount St. Helens National Volcanic Monument was created to preserve the volcano and allow for its aftermath to be scientifically studied. As with most other volcanoes in the Cascade Range, Mount	Mount	PROPN	St.	PROPN	 St.
Suddenly, something strange happened. In a flash I saw it — every incident of my three years in Rochester: the Garson factory, its drudgery and humiliation, the failure of my marriage, the Chicago crime... I began to speak. Words I had never	never	ADV	heard	VERB	 heard
" Similarly, Cronin states that following the publication of The Killing Joke, Barbara Gordon — in her new persona as Oracle — became " more popular, in fact, than she was when she was Batgirl. She even gained her own title, Birds of Prey	Prey	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
" Frank Grillo as Brock Rumlow: Commander of S.H.I.E.L.D. ' s counter terrorism S.T.R.I.K.E. team. About the character, Grillo said, " He is a bad ass guy. [He] pretty much beats the shit out of everyone in the movie and that's really	really	ADV	it	PRON	 it
North of Highway 401, it continues as Ontario Highway 404. The parkway runs through the parklands of the Don River Valley, after which it is named. It has a maximum speed limit of 90 km / h (56 mph) for its entire length of	of	ADP	15.0	NUM	 15.0
8.2% of Trafford's residents were born outside the United Kingdom, lower than the English average of 9.2%. The largest minority group was Asian, at 4.0% of the population. In 1841, 12% of Trafford's population was middle class compared to	to	ADP	14	NUM	 14
In October 1940, Saville flew to London with Chaney for temporary duty as a military air observer studying British air defenses, and returned to Mitchel Field after two months to become executive officer at the temporary rank of major of the First Interceptor Command. He began drafting	drafting	VERB	a	DET	 a
This was against his initial choice to record the album in New Orleans. Nine Inch Nails ' second studio album, The Downward Spiral, entered the Billboard 200 at number two, and remains the highest selling Nine Inch Nails release in the United States for shipments of	of	ADP	over	ADP	 over
Bee larvae are included in the Javanese dish botok tawon, where they are eaten steamed with shredded coconut. The ancestors of bees were wasps in the family Crabronidae, which were predators of other insects. The switch from insect prey to pollen may have resulted from the	the	DET	consumption	NOUN	 consumption
Radiocarbon dating indicates that the ramparts defending Maiden Castle were built in around 600 BC. Built from earth and timber, the inner rampart was originally 20 ft (6.1 m) wide, with a revetment of dry stone walling behind the bank, and at least 10	10	NUM	ft	PROPN	 ft
On 1 July, No. 452 and No. 457 Squadrons were transferred to No. 80 Wing RAAF, which had been formed to conduct offensive operations in the NEI under the command of Clive Caldwell. They were replaced by two other British units; No.	.	NOUN	548	NUM	 548
Matthews, then 84, collaborated with Les Scott, his friend of 10 years, in the writing of the book over an 18 month period on an almost daily basis. " Stan, as he had been all his life, was an early riser, "	"	PUNCT	wrote	VERB	 wrote
Murphy performed well in the screen test, but Steve Broidy, president of the project's production company Allied Artists did not want to cast someone in a major role with so little acting experience. Cherry, Short, and the theater owners refused to finance the film	film	NOUN	unless	SCONJ	 unless
John's decades of fighting had already made his name widely known throughout Europe, and his death at Crécy became the legendary subject of several writings, including this passage by Froissart:... for all that he [John I] was nigh blind, when he understood	understood	VERB	the	DET	 the
Shakira's ability to belly dance came into attention and gathered coverage during this period, especially due to the music video of the lead single " Whenever, Wherever ". The song also became famous for one of its lines in which Shakira sings " Lucky that my	my	PRON	breasts	NOUN	 breasts
The 1st Light Horse Brigade evacuated 126 cases during the seven days following 28 September, and 239 cases by 10 October. The New Zealand Mounted Rifles Brigade evacuated 316 cases and the 2nd Light Horse Brigade had 57 cases, many of whom suffered a high fever of	of	ADP	105	NUM	 105
He was appointed as manager of Port Vale in June 2009, before he departed for Sheffield United in December 2010. He failed to prevent United being relegated into League One, and was sacked in May 2011; this enabled him to return to Port Vale as manager	manager	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
It moved west northwestward through the Caribbean Sea and intensified into Tropical Storm Ernesto on August 25. The storm briefly attained hurricane status on August 27 to the southwest of Haiti, before land interaction caused weakening. Ernesto made landfall near Guantanamo Bay, Cuba, early in	in	ADP	the	DET	 the
Maintenance of NY 319 was split between the state and the city of Norwich, with the New York State Department of Transportation (NYSDOT) handling the part of the route west of the city limits. In 1962, the New York State Legislature approved a highway maintenance	maintenance	NOUN	swap	NOUN	 swap
In 1880, Whitehead began attending Trinity College, Cambridge, and studied mathematics. His academic advisor was Edward John Routh. He earned his BA from Trinity in 1884, and graduated as fourth wrangler. Elected a fellow of Trinity in 1884, Whitehead would teach and	and	CCONJ	write	VERB	 write
Britain's adoption of generally deflationary economic policies, including a return to the gold standard in 1925, helped to ensure that the percentage of the workforce without jobs remained at around 10% for the rest of the 1920s and beyond, well above the normal pre war	war	NOUN	levels	NOUN	 levels
Masato Kato cited the desire to " redo Radical Dreamers properly " as the genesis of Cross, attributing the latter's serious atmosphere to the influence of Dreamers. Kato's desire to finish the story of the characters Kid and Serge principally shaped the plot of Cross.	.	PUNCT	Chrono	PROPN	 Chrono
There were no reports of damage. USGS also listed reports of tremors from as far west as Illinois, Indiana, Wisconsin, and Minnesota. The earthquake was felt in several southern states as far from the epicenter as Alabama, Georgia, and Florida, but no	no	DET	damage	NOUN	 damage
An instrumental entitled " Money Maker " was also recorded during the sessions, but McKinnon had difficulties with it. He later explained: " when it came down to writing vocal parts [...] I just couldn't get that song done. [...] I	I	PRON	think	VERB	 think
Outside North America, " Maneater " became one of Furtado's most popular singles, topping the charts in the United Kingdom and peaking within the top ten of the charts across much of Europe and Australia. It became a club hit in North America but was less	less	ADV	commercially	ADV	 commercially
A problem with these muscles is often found in someone with chronic low back pain, because the back pain causes the person to use the back muscles improperly in trying to avoid the pain. The problem with the multifidus muscles continues even after the pain goes away,	,	PUNCT	and	CCONJ	 and
Torrance officials sought to improve security and took the unusual step of closing the park's basketball court by removing the basketball rims and padlocking the entry to the court. Plans were created in 2001 to realign portions of the Columbia Park jogging path that were in lower areas	areas	NOUN	or	CCONJ	 or
In other representations, Khandoba is seen seated on a horse with the heads of demons trod under the horse's hooves or their heads under Khandoba's knees. In murtis (idols), Khandoba or Malhara is depicted as having four arms, carrying a damaru (	(	PUNCT	drum	NOUN	drum
He served as the head of the electronics division of the Manhattan Project from 1943 to 1945, and began working at Brookhaven in 1947, which focused on researching peaceful uses of atomic power. Once a year, the government research facility held an exhibition for the public	public	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
The New Hospital for Women moved to No. 144 Euston Road in 1888, and was rebuilt by J.M. Brydon two years later. It housed 42 beds and was staffed entirely by women, which made it a comfortable environment for gynaecological problems. It was renamed the	the	DET	Elizabeth	PROPN	 Elizabeth
Constructed in 1901 and designed by Boston based Allen & Vance, the brick dorm stands five stories tall. Lathrop houses 180 students who may be any grade or gender. Lathrop House was the third residential quadrangle (quad) dormitory built on the campus of Vassar College	College	PROPN	in	ADP	 in
Parliament was also vital to the running of the country, providing laws and taxation, but it had fluctuating fortunes and never achieved the centrality the national life of its counterpart in England before it was disbanded in 1707. Revenue remained a continual problem for Scottish government,	,	PUNCT	even	ADV	 even
After attending a series of NFL Europa training camps, he gained a professional contract with German NFL Europa side Hamburg Sea Devils in March 2007. Following news that Chambers was receiving new, legal nutritional supplements from Victor Conte, the Hamburg Sea Devils confirmed that Chambers would	would	AUX	undergo	VERB	 undergo
It received the Royal Assent on 11 November 1999, coming into force immediately as the Contracts (Rights of Third Parties) Act 1999. The Act allows third parties to enforce terms of contracts that benefit them in some way, or which the contract allows them to	to	PART	enforce	VERB	 enforce
Eline would also star as Hans in The Little Hero of Holland. The single reel drama, approximately 1,000 feet long, was released on October 21, 1910. The film had a wide national release, with theaters showing the film in Maryland, Pennsylvania, South	South	PROPN	Dakota	PROPN	 Dakota
To get the evidence they need, Ros is sent undercover to the London Stock Exchange, where Meynell is targeting the bank Highland Life. After starting a rumour about the bank, he starts betting against it. When the chairman of Highland Life, Francis Debham (	(	PUNCT	Simon	PROPN	Simon
Her four goals and one assist during the regular season helped the Reign secure the league's regular season title (NWSL Shield) with a 16 2 6 record and 54 points - 13 points ahead of the second place team, FC Kansas City. During the team	team	NOUN	's	PART	's
Nicole and Geoff's relationship became strained. Nicole decided to plan a return trip to the island, believing it would solve their problems and bring them closer together. James said that Geoff loved the surprise, but found Nicole " very sexy and tempting ". She	She	PRON	added	VERB	 added
Olivio as well named " the level of palatability " of the tune " a lot weaker than the other songs from Alesta ", and denied the possible success of the track in mainstream clubs. Stan included " Balans " on the setlist for her Japanese one week	week	NOUN	concert	NOUN	 concert
The lunar module then continued to its rendezvous and docked with Columbia, the command and service module. The three astronauts returned to Earth and splashed down in the Pacific Ocean, to be picked up by the USS Hornet. After being released from an 18 day quarantine	quarantine	NOUN	to	PART	 to
The limited edition included a bonus disc with alternate edits of the group's previous singles " No Good Advice " and " Wake Me Up ", and unreleased tracks, including a cover of " Sacred Trust ", originally recorded by fellow Popstars: The Rivals contestants	contestants	VERB	One	NUM	 One
Rajoelina sold the controversial jet in 2012 and pursued legal action against Ravalomanana's company Tiko to reclaim 35 million US dollars in back taxes. Additionally, on 28 August 2010, the HAT sentenced Ravalomanana in absentia to hard labor for life and issued an arrest warrant for	for	ADP	his	PRON	 his
In some areas, such as at the rear of the wing, and the lower tailplane skins the top was riveted and the bottom fixed by brass screws which tapped into strips of spruce bolted to the lower ribs. The removable wing tips were made up of duralumin	duralumin	PROPN	skinned	VERB	 skinned
Regarding Apatow's professional effect on Rogen, the actor said in 2009, " Obviously, I can't stress how important Judd's been to my career ". He had roles in Donnie Darko (2001) and Anchorman: The Legend of Ron Burgundy (2004	2004	NUM	)	PUNCT	)
Harper also stated that he had told the Conservative party representatives that they were unlikely to succeed. " I told them they were wasting their time. I said Chuck had made up his mind. " In February, 2008, the Royal Canadian Mounted Police (RCMP	RCMP	PROPN	)	PUNCT	)
" The studios were home to WNTA 13 beginning in 1958 and WNJU 47 until 1989. WNET, a flagship station of the Public Broadcasting Service, and Spanish language WFUT TV, a TeleFutura owned and operated station, are licensed to Newark. Tempo Networks, producing	producing	VERB	for	ADP	 for
If he had stayed in England, he likely would have been a partner in a prominent London law firm associated with Stafford Cripps and become a cabinet minister the next time Labour formed a government. Cripps, then a prominent barrister and Labour Party official, was grooming	grooming	VERB	Lewis	PROPN	 Lewis
When Professor Eggman, the director of the fiction workshop, comes across Mr. Glowery, he rescues him and brings him back to the inn. However, few people show up for the fiction workshop because of the storm. Hawthorne's wife returns from a spa with	with	ADP	Picasso	PROPN	 Picasso
In 2003, a 5.5% ABV, lightly nitrogenated variant of FES was introduced in Ghana called Guinness Extra Smooth. It was released in Nigeria in 2005, where it constitutes 5 10 per cent of Guinness sales in the country. In the year 2012 - 2013	2013	NUM	,	PUNCT	,
The Rices moved back to San Francisco in 1962, experiencing the birth of the Hippie movement firsthand as they lived in the soon to be fabled Haight Ashbury district, Berkeley, and later the Castro District. " I'm a totally conservative person, " she later	later	ADV	told	VERB	 told
He later went to London to discuss the idea of oil exploration in Miri with the Anglo Saxon Petroleum Company (later became a part of Royal Dutch Shell Company in 1907). Mr. H.N. Benjamin, a branch manager from the petroleum company, was interested in this	this	DET	idea	NOUN	 idea
" Simon described himself as " combative " and said that most people see him as having a " bad attitude ". In the late 1990s, Simon primarily worked as a director. He directed on the American adaptation of the sitcom Men Behaving Badly in 1996,	,	PUNCT	the	DET	 the
The pelvic fins are small and thin; mature males have relatively large claspers. The thin, cylindrical tail measures 1.8 – 2.5 times as long as the disc and lacks fin folds. A single serrated stinging spine is positioned on the upper surface of the tail near	near	ADP	the	DET	 the
At no point is Michigan Avenue currently called Michigan Boulevard, but prior to the Great Chicago Fire of 1871, the street was officially known as Michigan Boulevard and often referred to as " Boul Mich ". As recently as the 1920s, North Michigan Avenue (especially	especially	ADV	the	DET	 the
No major damage was reported. In all, Lili caused $820 million in damage to the United States. President Bush declared Louisiana a federal disaster area after the storm, making it eligible for assistance. FEMA set up three locations to apply in Mississippi and Louisiana	Louisiana	PROPN	.	PUNCT	.
Speaking to the Oxford Union on the alleged overshadowing of the EU debate by " UKIP and Tory backbenchers ", he said: I took the view that having fought [Europeans in the Second World War] that we should now work with them, and co operate	operate	VERB	,	PUNCT	,
Cerberus was then paid off in February 1803, and Macnamara went ashore. While ashore during the peace Macnamara contrived to become embroiled in a duel. While walking his Newfoundland dog in Hyde Park on 6 April 1803 he had an altercation with Colonel Robert Montgomery, when	when	SCONJ	their	PRON	 their
In 2008, Eurostar announced that it would be carrying out a mid life refurbishment of its Class 373 trains to allow the fleet to remain in service beyond 2020. This will include the 28 units making up the Eurostar fleet, but not the three Class 373 /	/	SYM	1	NUM	 1
The Los Angeles Times printed a story about Senator Dorgan's efforts to elicit a response from the Federal Communications Commission (FCC) with the title " Fox Tops Tally of Violence on Major TV Networks Media: Study of a week of prime time shows also lists '	'	PART	Brisco	PROPN	 Brisco
Balmer typified this new attacking strength by scoring hat tricks in three successive matches. However, the club were unable to match this success in the two seasons that followed, and finished in 11th and 12th places respectively. The 1949 – 50 season brought another disappointing league	league	NOUN	campaign	NOUN	 campaign
When sieved from the water, food is swallowed and travels through the esophagus where it enters a three chambered stomach. The first compartment is known as the fore stomach; this is where food gets ground up into an acidic liquid, which is then squirted into the	the	DET	main	ADJ	 main
In 567 the allies made their final move against Cunimund, with Alboin invading the Gepids ' lands from the northwest while Bayan attacked from the northeast. Cunimund attempted to prevent the two armies joining up by moving against the Lombards and clashing with Alboin somewhere between the Tibiscus	Tibiscus	PROPN	and	CCONJ	 and
Phips and Increase Mather reached Boston in separate ships on May 14, 1692. This was a Saturday afternoon, meaning all activity was to cease at sundown according to the old Puritan laws regarding the sabbath. Unlike his arrival in HMS Rose in 1683, when Phips	Phips	PROPN	showed	VERB	 showed
In 1802, Adair succeeded Breckinridge as Speaker of the House by a vote of 30 – 14 over Elder David Purviance, the candidate preferred by Governor James Garrard. He continued to serve as Speaker for the duration of his tenure in the House. In 1802,	,	PUNCT	the	DET	 the
In the 2009 Stanley Cup playoffs, Edler led all team defensemen with seven points in ten games as the Canucks were eliminated in the second round by Chicago. In his first few seasons in the NHL, Edler was often paired with veteran blueliner and countryman Mattias Öhlund	Öhlund	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
On February 18, 1975, President Nguyễn Văn Thiệu gathered all his commanders at the Independence Palace to discuss the Ly Thuong Kiet Military Plan, which was approved by the National Security Council in December 1974. During a briefing by ARVN Colonel Hoang Ngoc Lung, Head	Head	PROPN	of	ADP	 of
The articular sclerites, or pteralia, of the wing base of the wing flexing insects and their relations to the body and the wing veins, shown diagrammatically, are as follows: Humeral plates First Axillary Second Axillary Third Axillary Fourth Axillary Median plates (m, m	m	PROPN	'	PUNCT	 '
Jay returned the favor on " Mr. Carter " from Lil Wayne's Tha Carter III. Also, fellow New York City rapper and former rival Nas is featured on the No I.D.-produced track " Success ", while the Neo soul singer Bilal sings the hook on "	"	PUNCT	Fallin	PROPN	 Fallin
Not until 1923, was the general proscription against Zoroastrians ' riding horses and donkeys lifted by Reza Shah. On top of all the misery the Zoroastrians had to pay a heavy religious tax known as Jizya. Zoroastrian sources record the method of extracting this as designed to	to	PART	humiliate	VERB	 humiliate
" The ministers overwhelmingly concluded that Hutchinson's unsound beliefs outweighed all the good which she had done, and that she endangered the spiritual welfare of the community. Cotton continued, " You can not Evade the Argument... that filthie Sinne of the Communitie of Woemen;	;	PUNCT	and	CCONJ	 and
On the eve of the Battle of Teugen Hausen, Vukassovich was instrumental in providing information about movement of Bavarian and French troops to Archduke Charles, including correspondence between marshals Lefebvre and Davout. Leading Prince Friedrich Hohenzollern's advance guard at the Battle of Teugen Hausen on 19	19	NUM	April	PROPN	 April
' His mastery included the organ, drum, flute and lyre. James's sporting abilities such as wrestling, hammer throwing, archery and jousting are also listed by Bower. He described James as possessing an ' eagerness ' in ' literary composition and writing ',	,	PUNCT	the	DET	 the
January For the first time since freshmen became eligible in 1974, Indiana started four freshmen in a conference opener on January 3 against Iowa. On January 11, Minnesota tied a NCAA record and set a conference record by making all nine of its three point field goals	goals	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
He was the embodiment of the GOP's " Old Guard, " borne out by his voting record: Americans for Democratic Action gave him a " zero " rating in 1949, However, Bricker was not a doctrinaire non interventionist; he had voted in favor of	of	ADP	the	DET	 the
He also enjoyed the artistic license taken with several of the pieces, finding the album to be the most " abstract " of the Piano Collections series. The Black Mages, a band that arranges music from Final Fantasy video games into a rock music style, has	has	AUX	arranged	VERB	 arranged
Petrides, a 1967 graduate of the school, retired in 2015 with a coaching record of 257 – 144 – 1 and as the second winningest active coach in Maryland high school football. During his tenure, City had a 29 game winning streak en route to two	two	NUM	Maryland	PROPN	 Maryland
Later in life, Wanderone divorced Evelyn and moved to Nashville, Tennessee, where he married his second wife, Theresa, with whom he remained until his death. Rudolf Walter Wanderon Jr. was born in New York City to Rosa and Rudolf Wanderon, Swiss immigrants.	.	PUNCT	He	PRON	 He
The project is slated to begin in 2017 and is scheduled to be completed by 2020. With the completion of the Pennsylvania Turnpike / Interstate 95 Interchange Project in Bristol Township, Pennsylvania, I 95 will be redesignated along the Pennsylvania Turnpike (I 276) to connect	connect	VERB	with	ADP	 with
Batting helmets are glossy black with the same " N " pick logo. Road uniforms are identical to those worn for home games with only a few exceptions: jerseys and pants are made from gray material, " Nashville " is written across the chest instead of "	"	PUNCT	Sounds	VERB	 Sounds
Method overloading Dynamic capacity tables (a feature dropped from the draft of COBOL 2002) COBOL programs are used globally in governments and businesses and are running on diverse operating systems such as z / OS, VME, Unix, OpenVMS and Windows. In 1997, the	the	DET	Gartner	PROPN	 Gartner
This proposal was eventually completed as the Utah Division, loosely following the route of modern U.S. Route 6 across eastern Utah. This line soon became the main line of the D & RG and remains one of the main transcontinental rail arteries of the U.S, now operated	operated	VERB	by	ADP	 by
Four days later, he capped off the trio of lead in friendly matches ahead of the European Championship by scoring the opening goal in a 4 – 0 shutout win over Estonia. Ribéry was included in France's squad for the 2014 FIFA World Cup, but on	on	ADP	6	NUM	 6
" Who Do You Love? " has been interpreted and recorded by numerous musicians. Folk singer Tom Rush recorded the song for his 1966 album Take a Little Walk with Me. Unterberger describes it as " electric rock... Tom adapted an uncharasteristically low and playful growl	growl	NOUN	for	ADP	 for
The armament was rearranged with the 23 mm cannon moved to each side of the fuselage, even with the N 37 gun in the centerline bulkhead; the latter's ammunition supply was increased to 45 rounds. The aircraft was intended to have a pressurized cockpit and its	its	PRON	overall	ADJ	 overall
She left the estate to her stepsister Elizabeth, widow of William Weddell MP, who sold it to Josias Du Pré Porcher in 1805. In 1810 the estate was sold to Richard Henry Cox, grandson of Richard Cox, founder of the travel company Cox & Kings	Kings	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
The song peaked at number seven on the Billboard Album Rock Tracks chart. 1992 saw the release of the " Immigrant Song " / " Hey, Hey, What Can I Do " (the original B side) as a CD single in the US. Led	Led	VERB	Zeppelin	PROPN	 Zeppelin
The hill fort is overlooked by Sigwells, a rural plateau rich in archaeological remains. Due to scrub and tree growth the site has been added to the Heritage at Risk register. The suffix -bury or sometimes byrig "; byrig is the Anglo Saxon word meaning "	"	PUNCT	fort	NOUN	 fort
While the broad details of the play are present in the opera's plot, the original work contains many more characters and much detail not present in the opera. In the play the lovers are portrayed as though they were French: the character Floria Tosca is closely	closely	ADV	modelled	VERB	 modelled
The peace mandated by the Nri religion and enforced by the presence of the mbùríchi allowed trade to flourish. Items such as horses, which did not survive in tsetse fly infested Nri, and seashells, which would have to be transported a long ways due to Nri	Nri	PROPN	's	PART	's
On March 8, Princeton defeated Penn to force a one game playoff at the Payne Whitney Gymnasium at Yale University in New Haven, Connecticut. Princeton won the playoff by a 63 – 62 margin. However, many thought Harvard had a chance to make the tournament	tournament	NOUN	in	ADP	 in
The professor has a son who is seen in " Brother, Can You Spare Two Dimes? " during a convention for infant and toddler products as a pilot of a remote controlled plane (he flies out the window of the building while in the plane and crashes	crashes	NOUN	)	PUNCT	)
After exiting the element, the train then enters a 270 degree turn to the left, dropping back through the middle of the pretzel loop. Next, the train passes through two consecutive horseshoe turns, first to the right and then to the left. As the	the	DET	name	NOUN	 name
Fisher, along with Bob Jenkins, an emergency dispatcher, were responsible for organizing the first bridge salutes following the loss of four soldiers on April 18, 2002. Warmington described the gathering of crowds on overpasses to welcome fallen soldiers as a " highway of heroes phenomena	phenomena	VERB	"	PUNCT	 "
This cast doubt in the minds of many legislators regarding the true will of the people. Opponents of the convention claimed that the abstentions should be counted as votes against the call; this position had some merit, as it was well known that many Fayette County voters	voters	NOUN	had	AUX	 had
The villain again stands in front of the players, laughing before disappearing. A boat / submarine then enters from the right and begins firing bombs at the players who destroy it with laser beams. Another cut scene follows in which the crippled boat returns to a hangar	hangar	NOUN	in	ADP	 in
I believe that it contained the essence of what I wanted to say; I expressed my philosophy, and perhaps My Book of Hours with its 167 woodcuts contains everything I have created since, because I have developed a number of themes from it in my later work	work	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
Robert was then forced to leave Greece to deal with an attack on his ally, the Pope, by the Holy Roman Emperor, Henry IV (r. 1084 – 1105). Robert left his son Bohemond in charge of the army in Greece. Bohemond was initially	initially	ADV	successful	ADJ	 successful
Written by executive producer and show runner Greg Daniels and directed by Ken Kwapis, the episode first aired in the United States on September 21, 2006 on NBC. The series depicts the everyday lives of office employees in the Scranton, Pennsylvania branch of the fictional Dunder	Dunder	PROPN	Mifflin	PROPN	 Mifflin
Anxious ambivalent attachment is when the infant feels separation anxiety when separated from the caregiver and does not feel reassured when the caregiver returns to the infant. Anxious avoidant attachment is when the infant avoids their parents. Disorganized attachment is when there is a lack of attachment behavior	behavior	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
They explained the motions of the various nested spheres in terms of the materials of which they were made, external movers such as celestial intelligences, and internal movers such as motive souls or impressed forces. Most of these models were qualitative, although a few of them	them	PRON	incorporated	VERB	 incorporated
On the April 19 SmackDown, Orton and Sheamus were defeated by Big Show and Mark Henry in a tag team match. The feud between Big Show and Orton led to an Extreme Rules match at Extreme Rules, which Orton won. After Extreme Rules, Orton began	began	VERB	pairing	VERB	 pairing
The delay caused by these rearguards may have seriously compromised the British Empire advance as there was not much time to conclude military engagements in southern Palestine. The winter rains were expected to start in the middle of the month and the black soil plain which was currently firm	firm	ADJ	,	PUNCT	,
Dogs are widely used in biomedical research, testing, and education — particularly beagles, because they are gentle and easy to handle, and to allow for comparisons with historical data from beagles (a Reduction technique). They are used as models for human and veterinary	veterinary	ADJ	diseases	NOUN	 diseases
In 2010, the Tigers defeated the Flames to move to a perfect 27 – 0 record since the challenge was first instituted in 1981. During the Flames ' run to the Stanley Cup Finals of 2004, the city of Calgary essentially became the host of a "	"	PUNCT	non	PROPN	 non
In 1990 Cook was diagnosed with a dissociative disorder and psychogenic amnesia reportedly brought on by an abusive father. In 1999 Cook's story was used as a lead story with The 700 Club. Cook was born in Pascagoula, Mississippi; after two years, his family	family	NOUN	moved	VERB	 moved
The short collection of poems was first published in 1827. Today, it is believed only 12 copies of the collection still exist. Poe abandoned his foster family, the Allans, and moved to Boston to find work in 1827. Having only minor success, he	he	PRON	enlisted	VERB	 enlisted
At least at this point. " Vedder, however, said, " I have to admit this record came out a bit one sided. But I think we as a country need to understand why we're involved in the Middle East. This hollow patriotism frightens	frightens	VERB	me	PRON	 me
Second, the cooking times for most fish, seafood, game birds, veal, green vegetables and pâtés was greatly reduced in an attempt to preserve the natural flavors. Steaming was an important trend from this characteristic. The third characteristic was that the cuisine was made	made	VERB	with	ADP	 with
Two aircraft embarked on Queen Elizabeth 2 and were later used for moving troops from QE2 to other ships, the remainder embarked on Atlantic Causeway and were used for troop movements around the islands. Embarked on HMS Hermes was 826 Naval Air Squadron with nine HAS.5s, which	which	PRON	carried	VERB	 carried
At the end of his ordeal Pinfold muses that had he not defied Angel but instead compromised with him, he might have continued to believe in the Box's sinister capabilities. He is finally convinced of the non existence of a box with such powers by the assurances	assurances	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
" But I still have no timetable to return to competitive golf. " However, he did attend the Masters Champions Dinner on April 5, 2016. On August 20, 2007, California Governor Arnold Schwarzenegger and First Lady Maria Shriver announced that Woods would be inducted	inducted	VERB	into	ADP	 into
At Moresby, the 49th was occupied mainly digging defences and labouring; some training was achieved, although it was largely rudimentary, and a small detachment was also sent to Thursday Island. Later, after the 39th and 53rd Battalions joined them, the 49th was transferred	transferred	VERB	to	ADP	 to
In one of his Discourses he defended the frequent sharing of his own inner experiences, writing that it was not presumptuous, but was done to encourage others in their inner life: We have written them because we are mindful of God's gifts, which He has	has	AUX	bestowed	VERB	 bestowed
They also received a nomination in 2016 for their song " 512 ". Lamb of God has toured with the Ozzfest twice. Other appearances include Download Festival and Sonisphere Festival in the UK, Soundwave Festival, Mayhem Festival 2010 and Gigantour. From 2008 to 2010 they	they	PRON	toured	VERB	 toured
In northeastern Florida, police officers were stationed to ensure people did not swim in the dangerous seas. The high waves also halted work to deepen a harbor at the Mayport Naval Station. Two people drowned after the storm dissipated, when surf was still turbulent. Tides	Tides	NOUN	along	ADP	 along
On August 16, the tropical storm began to turn northwest in response to the strengthening of a subtropical ridge north of Mamie and a westward moving mid latitude cyclone. At 0000 UTC on August 17, the JTWC classified Mamie as a typhoon while the JMA reported winds	winds	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
That same year, Babcock participated in the Canadian Remembrance Day ceremonies, appearing via video to symbolically pass the torch of remembrance, urging people to " hold it high ". Babcock credited his longevity to the intense physical training that he received in both the United States	States	PROPN	and	CCONJ	 and
It was number thirty three on the Canadian Hot 100. The other four songs on the Hot 100 were " Jar Of Hearts " at number forty nine, which also made number thirty nine on the Canadian Hot 100; " Isn't She Lovely " at number	number	NOUN	sixty	NUM	 sixty
Because of his position as both the writer of the episode and the director, Spotnitz later noted that it was hard to achieve perfection when filming the episode. However, he did note that, as both the writer and director, he had more creative control than	than	ADP	usual	ADJ	 usual
Its cost of £5,000 was funded by the Malvern Hills District Council, public subscription, and support from by Severn Trent Water, West Midlands Arts, and local businesses. Located on the Bellevue Terrace island in the very centre of the town, together with the	the	DET	statue	NOUN	 statue
During one of the scenes, where Gretel is thrown through a wall and falls down several meters, a stunt double for Arterton was dangerously injured when a nail got lodged in her skull close to the brain; Arterton said she initially wanted to do this stunt herself	herself	PRON	but	CCONJ	 but
For example, in 1986 the Royal Shakespeare Company set the play in modern Verona. Switchblades replaced swords, feasts and balls became drug laden rock parties, and Romeo committed suicide by hypodermic needle. In 1997, the Folger Shakespeare Theatre produced a version set in a	a	DET	typical	ADJ	 typical
Before 1987, the CCDI was responsible for issuing administrative sanctions to public officials; since it enforced party discipline and the MOS enforced state law, in theory " the two agencies operated in separate spheres ". The reality was less clear cut; most public servants were	were	AUX	party	NOUN	 party
However, when the railway opened, Sale Moor was close to the station and became the most expensive area in Sale. Villas were built in Sale Moor, and a few in Ashton upon Mersey as the demand for land increased. They were often decorated with stained	stained	ADJ	glass	NOUN	 glass
The Lebanon Council of Garden Clubs acquired the land in 1972, tore down the freight depot, and erected a replica of the old passenger depot in its place, with a gift shop inside. Leaving Lebanon, the line ascended a small gully and then headed north	north	NOUN	northeasterly	ADV	 northeasterly
Despite the prophecy, Priam and Hecuba happily welcome him home. However, Hector and his other brothers, jealous of the attention and achievements Paris has suddenly garnered, suggest that he be sent abroad to treaty with King Agamemnon — who holds Priam's sister. Paris	Paris	PROPN	readily	ADV	 readily
While testing the viability of exploits, Project Zero found that about half of the 29 tested laptops experienced disturbance errors, with some of them occurring on vulnerable laptops in less than five minutes of running row hammer inducing code; the tested laptops were manufactured between 2010 and	and	CCONJ	2014	NUM	 2014
However the Golden Path's newfound momentum is threatened by deep divisions between its commanders, Sabal, who favors traditional values, and Amita (Janina Gavankar), who argues for progress, which includes relying heavily on drug trade. Ajay is forced to intervene on several	several	ADJ	occasions	NOUN	 occasions
The top of the L is 24 feet 2 inches (7.37 m) north – south by 40 feet 6 inches (12.34 m) east – west, and in 1935 the ground floor of the top of the L had the dining room, gun room,	,	PUNCT	"	PUNCT	 "
In 2004, a Saving Private Ryan special edition DVD was released to commemorate the 60th anniversary of D Day. This two disc edition was also included in a box set titled World War II Collection, along with two documentaries produced by Spielberg, Price For Peace (	(	PUNCT	about	ADP	about
A slow paced ballad, the song's opening verse reflects Harrison's optimism and idealism, on the one hand: The day the world gets ' round To understanding where it is Using all it's found To help each other, hand in hand. His frustration	frustration	NOUN	is	AUX	 is
Both PC Magazine and PC Pro noted the exclusion of time based restrictions. Information filtering can be controlled on a per user basis. Windows 98 compatibility was dropped from this release. The 2007 version was announced September 12, 2006. A tabbed interface allows users to	to	PART	access	VERB	 access
To the north, Wilhelm von Wartensleben ’ s autonomous corps stretched in a thin line between Mainz and Giessen. The French citizen ’ s army, created by mass conscription of young men and systematically divested of old men who might have tempered the rash impulses of teenagers	teenagers	NOUN	and	CCONJ	 and
Rather than use a pre built game engine, Refenes programmed an original one. The game was initially set to include around 100 levels, and to have co operative and competitive multiplayer modes. During development, however, the multiplayer option was dropped and the number of	of	ADP	levels	NOUN	 levels
The United Press noted: " A running attack which featured Ted Petoskey, converted from an end to a fullback in the last week by Coach Harry Kipke dovetailed nicely with the Wolverine aerial play to produce the touchdowns. With Petoskey plunging the line and sweeping inside the	the	DET	ends	NOUN	 ends
I am delighted to have got a keeper of Russell's calibre ". Despite being given a chance to affirm himself in pre season with Ricketts away on international duty, it was Ricketts who started the 2005 – 06 season as first choice goalkeeper. Howarth made his	his	PRON	debut	NOUN	 debut
It constitutes most of the radioactivity still left from the Chernobyl accident. 137Cs undergoes high energy beta decay and eventually becomes stable barium 137. It is a strong emitter of gamma radiation. 137Cs has a very low rate of neutron capture and can not be feasibly disposed	disposed	VERB	of	ADP	 of
At the restart, Michael Schumacher and Trulli again held their positions, whilst Ralf Schumacher made the best start in the field moving from 9th to 6th place by the end of the first lap. Barrichello had lost two positions over the same distance. At the conclusion	conclusion	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
The liberation from the cycle of Saṃsāra where the enlightened soul had no longer attached to worldly form corresponds to the concept of Śūnyatā, the complete voidness or the nonexistence of the self. Kāmadhātu is represented by the base, Rupadhatu by the five square platforms (the	the	DET	body	NOUN	 body
The introduced common blackbird is, together with the native silvereye (Zosterops lateralis), the most widely distributed avian seed disperser in New Zealand. Introduced there along with the song thrush (Turdus philomelos) in 1862, it has spread throughout the country up to an	an	DET	elevation	NOUN	 elevation
During the ten months in which the Kabbah government was exiled, Penfold — with funds from the British Department for International Development (DfID) — also assisted in the setting up of a covert radio station, which broadcast on behalf of the exiled government. From Conakry	Conakry	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
Originally, Stanley intended that the Cup should be awarded to the top amateur hockey team in Canada, to be decided by the acceptance of a challenge from another team. He made five preliminary regulations: The winners shall return the Cup in good order when required by	by	ADP	the	DET	 the
The lotus design is a common theme. On the ceiling are images of the Vidyadhara couples. Through a cleft in the back wall of the cave is a square sanctuary with more carved images. The roof of the cave has five carved panels with the central panel	panel	NOUN	depicting	VERB	 depicting
As the decade wore on, the quality of the soundtrack songs grew " progressively worse ". Julie Parrish, who appeared in Paradise, Hawaiian Style (1966), says that he hated many of the songs chosen for his films. The Jordanaires ' Gordon Stoker	Stoker	PROPN	describes	VERB	 describes
Between February and March, the corps participated in Operation Killer, pushing Chinese forces north of the Han River. This operation was quickly followed up with Operation Ripper, which retook Seoul in March. After this, Operations Rugged and Dauntless in April saw Eighth Army forces	forces	NOUN	advance	VERB	 advance
During the drafting of the script, there were also talks of crafting a two hour episode, but these ideas were quickly discarded. The ending scene, featuring Scully revealing that she is pregnant, was written the day before it was filmed. Carter held it back	back	ADP	because	SCONJ	 because
Tablighi Jamaat also disagree with the prevailing idea that the highest standards of Islamic scholarship and ethical standards were prerequisites for proselytising, and promote dawah as a mechanism of self reform. Like Salafists, Tabligh seek a " separation in their daily life from the ` impious `	`	PUNCT	society	NOUN	 society
Despite being released after the introduction of the D & D 4th edition ruleset, Storm of Zehir made use of the 3.5 ruleset like its predecessors. The expansion featured gameplay with similarities to previous D & D video game series Baldur's Gate and Icewind Dale and received	received	VERB	mixed	ADJ	 mixed
" The film's director, Tony Goldwyn, described Lane as having "... this potentially volcanic sexuality that is in no way self conscious or opportunistic. " Lane earned an Independent Spirit Award nomination for Best Female Lead. At this time, she was interested in	in	ADP	making	VERB	 making
This bird with its somehow crow like aspect gave foot to the naming of the Quebrada de los Cuervos (Crows Ravine) in Uruguay, where they dwell together with the black vulture and the turkey vulture. The lesser yellow headed vulture flies solitarily, with wings held	held	VERB	in	ADP	 in
Later, in March 2004, Gore endorsed John Kerry and gave Kerry $6 million in funds left over from his own unsuccessful 2000 bid. Gore also opened the 2004 Democratic National Convention. During the 2008 primaries, Gore remained neutral toward all of the candidates which	which	PRON	led	VERB	 led
Lead's abundance in the Earth's crust is 16 ppm. This results in a great availability of lead minerals and easy extraction of the metal; for this reason, the mineral form of its sulfide, galena, has been known for millennia, as was the	the	DET	metal	NOUN	 metal
At this point, in mid 1934, Murray was appointed to a new position of Senior Naval Officer, Halifax, a position that combined the Commander of the East Coast with the Command of the Naval Dockyard in Halifax. In June 1936 Murray was sent back to	to	ADP	the	DET	 the
Red Bull were leading the Constructors ' Championship with 426 points; McLaren and Ferrari were second and third with 381 and 334 points respectively, while Mercedes on 176 points and Renault on 133 contended for fourth place. Red Bull, McLaren and Ferrari had so far won	won	VERB	races	NOUN	 races
Beecher's long career in the public spotlight led biographer Debby Applegate to call him " The Most Famous Man in America ". Born in Litchfield, Connecticut, Henry was the eighth of thirteen children born to Lyman Beecher, a Presbyterian preacher from Boston. His siblings	siblings	NOUN	included	VERB	 included
The cause was found to be Friday, standing on the hotel's snooker table in his underpants and throwing the balls around the room in fury. After failing to turn up for pre season training with Cardiff before the 1977 – 78 season, Friday was reported to	to	PART	be	AUX	 be
More than 500 automobiles were flooded, including five police cars. The storm surge also raised 54 corpses in five graveyards on the island. Several resorts were closed for an extended period of time, all on the western portion of the island. One hotel, the	the	DET	Xanadu	PROPN	 Xanadu
Several Emergency Detour Routes have been established further inland to guide drivers around such closures. Care should be taken during the winter months, as these storms can progress rapidly and unexpectedly. Highway 21 is a long lakeside route through southwestern Ontario which serves numerous communities along the	the	DET	eastern	ADJ	 eastern
The expedition occurred in the early days of Queen Anne's War, as the North American theater of the War of the Spanish Succession is sometimes known. Leake's fleet descended on French settlements on the southern shore of Newfoundland, destroying fishing stages and other infrastructure.	.	PUNCT	They	PRON	 They
Balotelli gained national attention after he scored two goals against Juventus in the return leg of the Coppa Italia quarter finals, being instrumental in a 3 – 2 away win for Inter. His first Serie A goal then came in April 2008 in a 2 – 0 away	away	ADV	win	NOUN	 win
In February 2013, a self declared Pastafarian was denied the right to wear a spaghetti strainer on his head for his driver's license photo by the New Jersey Motor Vehicle Commission, which stated that a pasta strainer was not on a list of approved religious headwear.	.	PUNCT	In	ADP	 In
The pickpocket, mortally wounded by Lecter, manages to get the print and provides it to Pazzi. Lecter baits Pazzi into an isolated room of the Palazzo Vecchio, ties him up, then disembowels and hangs him. He then heads back to the United States.	.	PUNCT	Verger	PROPN	 Verger
Woide's errors were corrected in 1860 by B. H. Cowper, and E. H. Hansell, with three other manuscripts, in 1860. The Old Testament portion was also published in 1816 1828 by Baber, in three folio volumes. The entire manuscript was issued in photographic	photographic	ADJ	facsimile	NOUN	 facsimile
This was followed by a four yard run by Oxendine and a ten yard completion by Druckenmiller for another first down, this time to the Tech 45 yard line. Oxendine picked up three yards on two short runs, then Druckenmiller advanced the Hokies into the Nebraska side	side	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
Oxygen gas (O 2) can be toxic at elevated partial pressures, leading to convulsions and other health problems. Oxygen toxicity usually begins to occur at partial pressures more than 50 kilopascals (kPa), equal to about 50% oxygen composition at standard pressure or	or	CCONJ	2.5	NUM	 2.5
Leicester finished bottom and were relegated. He scored a career high of 20 goals in the 2002 – 03 season as Leicester made an immediate return to the top flight, finishing runners up in Division One behind Portsmouth. He managed to score 13 goals in the 2003	2003	NUM	–	PUNCT	 –
Projectile points found in the vicinity of Chaco Canyon suggest that hunters may have been active in the region as early as 10,000. By 6,000 the Picosa culture had developed from within the Paleolithic population, as environmental changes caused the eastward movement of animals and people to the	the	DET	Southern	PROPN	 Southern
Finally, the wheelbase increases when the bike is leaned and steered. In the extreme, when the lean angle is 90°, and the bike is steered in the direction of that lean, the wheelbase is increased by the radius of the front and rear wheels	wheels	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
Several other oral traditions about the castle survive. One of these involves a child prisoner within the castle, who escaped, throwing the key to her dungeon into a nearby field, sometimes argued to be an outcrop of land north west of the castle, which from	from	ADP	then	ADV	 then
It was written by Darin Morgan and directed by Kim Manners. Morgan had previously appeared in a guest role as the Flukeman in an earlier episode of that season called " The Host ". " Humbug " aired in the United States on March 31, 1995 on	on	ADP	the	DET	 the
Although the Duke was only an observer at Geertruidenberg, the failed negotiations gave credence to his detractors that he was deliberately prolonging the war for his own profit. Yet it was with reluctance that he returned to campaigning in the spring, capturing Douai in June, before	before	ADP	taking	VERB	 taking
The following day, several reporters suggested that Hill's comments at the Vatican may have been influenced by her spiritual advisor, Brother Anthony. In 2004, Hill contributed a new song, " The Passion ", to The Passion of the Christ: Songs. A	A	DET	remix	NOUN	 remix
Connected with this episode, Herodotus recounts a rumour that this manoeuver by the Persians had been planned in conjunction with the Alcmaeonids, the prominent Athenian aristocratic family, and that a " shield signal " had been given after the battle. Although many interpretations of this have	have	AUX	been	AUX	 been
1937, supplanting the entirety of NY 325. The NY 325 designation was reassigned to the short piece of Sheridan Drive not designated as NY 324. The route was extended one final time by 1948 to follow NY 384 westward from the North Grand Island Bridge into downtown	downtown	NOUN	Niagara	PROPN	 Niagara
In the Gulf of California, they have been observed feeding on swarms of the euphausiid Nyctiphanes simplex. In the North Atlantic, they prey on euphausiids in the genera Meganyctiphanes, Thysanoessa and Nyctiphanes and small schooling fish (e.g. the genera Clupea, Mallotus, and Ammodytes	Ammodytes	PROPN	)	PUNCT	)
The crime task force was deemed the largest since the investigation into the assassination of John F. Kennedy. OKBOMB was the largest criminal case in America's history, with FBI agents conducting 28,000 interviews, amassing 3.5 short tons (3.2 t) of evidence, and collecting	collecting	VERB	nearly	ADV	 nearly
In addition to its presence on State of Confusion, " Come Dancing " has appeared on numerous compilations albums since its release. It spawned a successful follow up single, " Don't Forget to Dance, " which became a top 40 hit in the United States	States	PROPN	.	PUNCT	.
His repertoire by then included primarily of his changeup, a four seam fastball, a slower cut fastball that moves in towards a left handed batter, and the occasional slider and a curveball. Hoffman explained the key to his changeup was how he pinched the seam of	of	ADP	the	DET	 the
In contrast, Furtado's new, overt sexuality comes off as unoriginal — overdone by thousands of pouty pop stars with a quarter of Furtado's natural talent... the revamping feels as if it's been imposed rather than chosen by the unique, articulate singer we've	've	AUX	seen	VERB	 seen
The council accepted the document on the same day. As the year progressed, however, Calvin and Farel's reputation with the council began to suffer. The council was reluctant to enforce the subscription requirement, as only a few citizens had subscribed to their confession of	of	ADP	faith	NOUN	 faith
Regarding the character's introduction as a human looking Inhuman, Bell explained that the series already featured " a guy with no eyes " and " a woman who now is covered in thorns " but, like the X Men, there are also Inhumans who are "	"	PUNCT	just	ADV	 just
This further suggests a very compact object as the source. The observation of minutes to hours of X ray flashes after a short gamma ray burst is consistent with small particles of a primary object like a neutron star initially swallowed by a black hole in less than two	two	NUM	seconds	NOUN	 seconds
The rural section of Albany Highway connects to important regional roads at the few towns and roadhouses along the route, including Coalfields Road at Arthur River, Great Southern Highway at Cranbrook, and Muirs Highway at Mount Barker. Prior to European settlement, the indigenous Noongar people	people	NOUN	had	VERB	 had
In October that year Morris sold The Anvil — by then selling about 3,560 copies monthly — for £1,250, plus a £200 annual contract to continue as editor. Morris wanted to produce a comic the pages of which would be filled with role models whose behaviour	behaviour	NOUN	and	CCONJ	 and
In years since, signatures of water have been found to exist on the lunar surface. In 1994, the bistatic radar experiment located on the Clementine spacecraft, indicated the existence of small, frozen pockets of water close to the surface. However, later radar observations	observations	NOUN	by	ADP	 by
Ferguson, Margaret; Salter, Mary Jo; Stallworthy, Jon, eds. (1996). The Norton Anthology of Poetry (4th ed.). W. W. Norton & Co. ISBN 0 393 96820 0. Gardner, Helen, ed. (1972)	)	PUNCT	.	PUNCT	.
Although not an SS document, the 1930 book Krieg und Krieger (" War and Warriors "), edited by Ernst Jünger, with contributions by Friedrich Georg Jünger, Friedrich Hielscher, Werner Best and Ernst von Salomon, served as an excellent introduction to the intellectual	intellectual	ADJ	traditions	NOUN	 traditions
When Christ and His Saints Slept introduces the genesis of the Plantagenet dynasty as Queen Maude fights to secure her claim to the English throne. In the 15 years she spent writing three novels and four mysteries set during the period of Henry II and Eleanor of Aquitaine Penman	Penman	PROPN	claims	VERB	 claims
The second is Carol J. Adams's argument that the connection of meat eating and masculinity serves to oppress both women and animals, meaning that the liberation of both depends upon the end of meat eating. The third is that, as identified by Adams and Catharine MacKinnon	MacKinnon	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
Additionally, NY 18 utilized Hamlin Center Road and what is now NY 260 between Hamlin and Roosevelt Highway. The majority of NY 18's routing south of the village of Lewiston was incorporated into the U.S. Highway System in the early 1930s after US 62 and US 219	219	NUM	were	AUX	 were
Shiva blesses her that she will be born as Draupadi, the princess of Pancala, who will have five husbands. Draupadi, the heroine of the Mahabharata, is born out of the flames of a yajna (fire sacrifice) of Drupada (King of Panchala)	)	PUNCT	and	CCONJ	 and
In 1948, at the age of five, Harrison enrolled at Dovedale Primary School. He passed the eleven plus exam and attended Liverpool Institute High School for Boys from 1954 to 1959. Though the institute did offer a music course, Harrison was disappointed with the absence	absence	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
Some of their lyrics, especially those derived from the blues, have been interpreted as misogynistic. Particularly on Led Zeppelin III, they incorporated elements of mythology and mysticism into their music, which largely grew out of Plant's interest in legends and history. These elements	elements	NOUN	were	AUX	 were
Another minor character, Dr. Morstan, takes his name from Mary Morstan, Dr. Watson ’ s wife. " марионетка ", the Russian word for marionette, inspired the name of the antagonist Maphohetka. LeGrow comments that the series " is about life, death and	and	CCONJ	fabulous	ADJ	 fabulous
The tour was designed as a showcase for American companies hoping to expand into South America, and Kroonland circumnavigated that continent, traveling over 15,000 nautical miles (28,000 km) in 82 days. During the voyage, the liner docked at various ports where businessmen or trade	trade	NOUN	representatives	NOUN	 representatives
Throughout October more wagon trains were assembled, and by the end of the month 250 relief wagons were on the road. Meanwhile, the Willie and Martin companies were running out of food and encountering bitterly cold temperatures. On October 19 a blizzard struck the region,	,	PUNCT	halting	VERB	 halting
Some of those, who carried out the terror were seriously traumatized, a phenomenon that was later to become well documented. After the defeat in Tampere and under the threat of invasion by the German division on the south coast, the People's Delegation retreated from Helsinki	Helsinki	PROPN	to	ADP	 to
Kunis starred as Rachel Jansen in the 2008 comedy film, Forgetting Sarah Marshall, co produced by Judd Apatow. The role, which she won after unsuccessfully auditioning for Knocked Up, entailed improvisation on her part. The film garnered positive reviews, and was a commercial	commercial	ADJ	success	NOUN	 success
Voigt ordered the interior hatch to the control room sealed and all the ballast tanks filled with compressed air to increase buoyancy. The tactic returned UB 8 to the surface where the boat's diesel engines were restarted. Voigt circled back for the missing crewmen but only the	the	DET	watch	NOUN	 watch
While writing the original script, Sarumpaet interviewed prostitutes in Surabaya, Surakarta, Garut, and Borneo over a period of six months. This research carried over into the film. Sarumpaet cast her daughter, Atiqah Hasiholan, in the lead role. Initially Hasiholan viewed her	her	PRON	character	NOUN	 character
Gaddafi was popular at school; some friends made there received significant jobs in his later administration, most notably his best friend Abdul Salam Jalloud. Many teachers at Sabha were Egyptian, and for the first time Gaddafi had access to pan Arab newspapers and radio broadcasts,	,	PUNCT	most	ADV	 most
Inspired, when he quit Nutting to start his own company, Atari, he assigned Allan Alcorn to create a cheap ping pong arcade game as a training exercise, though he did not tell Alcorn that it was for training nor that the idea was based on the	the	DET	Odyssey	PROPN	 Odyssey
Three years later, Parker became an appellate judge when Hill appointed him to the newly formed Second Department of the Appellate Division. In November 1897, Parker successfully ran for the post of Chief Judge of the Court of Appeals, defeating Republican William James Wallace. As	As	ADP	a	DET	 a
Hugh once was credited with creating 300 new vicarages within the diocese, largely on the basis of his surviving documents dealing with this, known as the Liber Antiquus. Further research has shown that a number of the vicarages he was once assumed to have founded were instead	instead	ADV	earlier	ADJ	 earlier
" Heart Shaped Box " also topped the music video category in the 1993 Village Voice Pazz & Jop critics ' poll. In 2011, NME ranked the song's music video at number 22 on its of the " 100 Greatest Music Videos ". That same year	year	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
Both Richard Dawkins and Frederick Soddy studied at the university and returned for research purposes. Robert Hooke, Edwin Hubble, and Stephen Hawking all studied in Oxford. Robert Boyle, a founder of modern chemistry, never formally studied or held a post within the university,	,	PUNCT	but	CCONJ	 but
Amanita regalis was first described as Agaricus muscarius β regalis by Elias Magnus Fries in his Systema Mycologicum, published in 1821. In 1887, Pier Andrea Saccardo treated it as a variety of Amanita muscaria. Edmund Michael, in 1903, became the first to consider it	it	PRON	a	DET	 a
He pressed Shah again, reminding him of previous promises to produce the manuscript if it were necessary. Neither of the brothers ever produced the manuscript, leading Graves ' nephew and biographer to muse that it was hard to believe – bearing in mind the Shah brothers '	'	PART	many	ADJ	 many
" As the album helped return New York City hip hop to national prominence, a new generation of New York rappers, many of them inspired by the Wu Tang Clan's example, released a flurry of classic albums that later became known as the East Coast Renaissance	Renaissance	PROPN	.	PUNCT	.
McNair, pleased by its results, attributed this success to the great improvements in airborne training that had been implemented in the months following Operation Husky. As a result of the Knollwood Maneuver, division sized airborne forces were deemed to be feasible, and Eisenhower permitted their	their	PRON	retention	NOUN	 retention
On the April 7 episode of Takedown, Lively participated in a Hoedown Throwdown battle royal to determine the top two contenders for the Wrestlicious Championship, but failed to advance. As Madison Rayne, she made her debut for Remix Pro Wrestling (RPW) on April 24	24	NUM	,	PUNCT	,
RCA contacted the studio's producer Chips Moman. Willing to work with Presley, Moman postponed a session with Neil Diamond after being asked to produce the sessions with Felton Jarvis as second producer. It was agreed that Presley's recordings would take ten days and cost $	$	SYM	25,000	NUM	25,000
He called his version the Will to Power, or Wille zur Macht. Sigmund Freud (1856 – 1939), greatly depended on Spinoza's formulation of the conatus principle as a system of self preservation, though he never cited him directly in any of his published	published	VERB	works	NOUN	 works
Catherine did all in her power to bring Francis back into the fold. On one occasion, in March 1578, she lectured him for six hours about his dangerously subversive behaviour. In 1576, in a move that endangered Henry's throne, Francis allied with the	the	DET	Protestant	ADJ	 Protestant
GamesRadar editor Carolyn Gudmundson stated " It may not break the Pokemon mold, but Black / White offers enough new content coupled with the series ' classic, deep battle mechanics to make it endlessly playable. If you could only play one game for the rest of your	your	PRON	life	NOUN	 life
She was unbeaten in the other two fifties after opening the batting; New South Wales completed ten wicket wins in both instances. Poulton ended the competition with 191 runs at 63.66. She was rewarded with selection in and captaincy of the national Under 19 team during the	the	DET	season	NOUN	 season
As early as 1857, the need for a lighthouse on Point Stephens was identified, due to the proximity to the entrance of Port Stephens, and the dangers of the local coastline to ships. Another reason was that mariners were mistaking the entrance to Fingal Bay for	for	ADP	that	PRON	 that
The tribe included Keith Glass and then Reg Livermore as Berger, John Waters as Claude and Sharon Redd as The Magician. Redd was one of six African Americans brought to Australia to provide a racially integrated tribe. The production broke local box office records and ran for	for	ADP	two	NUM	 two
After the battle, von Kressenstein's force was pushed back across the Sinai Peninsula, to be beaten at the Battle of Magdhaba in December 1916 and back to the border of Ottoman Empire controlled Palestine to be defeated at the Battle of Rafa in January 1917, which	which	PRON	effectively	ADV	 effectively
Upon the ruler's death in 1714 at the age of 41, his son, Dodda Krishnaraja I, still two weeks shy of his 12th birthday, succeeded him. Around this time a change had come in the governance of the Mughal Province of Sira to the	the	DET	north	NOUN	 north
They hoped to " design a story that would support new characters, " as characters such as Will Turner would not return. Bruckheimer added that there was a decision to " streamline the story a little bit, make it a little simpler and not have as many	many	ADJ	characters	NOUN	 characters
The first hormone governing the Immune System (later christened the Cytokine ' Interleukin 2 ') was discovered at McGill in 1965 by Gordon & McLean. The invention of the world's first artificial cell was made by Thomas Chang while an undergraduate student at the university.	.	PUNCT	While	SCONJ	 While
According to Heather Phares of AllMusic, the song includes siren like guitar chords and loud, complex drumming in the vein of dance acts The Prodigy and The Chemical Brothers. " Mercury " continues the complex drumming theme by incorporating layered percussion and contains a vocally manipulated chorus	chorus	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
In the 1960s the NFL also faced competition from the new American Football League (AFL). NFL players viewed the new league as potential leverage for them to improve their contracts. The NFL tried to discourage this idea by changing the owner controlled pension plan to add	add	VERB	a	DET	 a
Before Edward the Confessor became king of England, he was exiled to the continent. Leofric served as Edward's chaplain, although how or when exactly the two met is unknown. The historian Frank Barlow speculates that it may have been at Bruges in 1039. When	When	SCONJ	Edward	PROPN	 Edward
It was rotated by four men via a system of gears; 2.25 minutes were required for a full 360° rotation. A bronze ram was fitted to these ships as well. The hull was sheathed with Muntz metal to reduce biofouling. The ships measured 39 meters	meters	NOUN	(	PUNCT	 (
Stewart and Kenseth were the winners of the Gatorade Duels. The qualifying grid was finalized with Stewart in third and Kenseth in fourth. Earnhardt, Regan Smith, Ambrose, Jimmie Johnson, Jeff Burton and Elliott Sadler completed the top ten. The drivers that failed to	to	PART	qualify	VERB	 qualify
The new equipment had fallen out of favor by the end of 1974: food service was inadequate, and the five car fixed consist could not handle demand. Amfleet coaches and new conventional diesels replaced both of the Turboliner trainsets in 1975. Turboliners arrived on the Detroit	Detroit	PROPN	run	VERB	 run
Small resident populations also breed in Morocco, Algeria and Tunisia. It typically inhabits reed beds (Phragmites) and swamps, as well as lakes, lagoons and sluggish rivers fringed by rank vegetation. It sometimes nests by ponds in agricultural areas, and even quite near	near	ADP	habitations	NOUN	 habitations
The hideous creature opens its jaws wide and bites Hangemuhl. Doggett suggests to Skinner that Mulder shot someone to protect Hangemuhl from the man who was supposed to be in that grave. Meanwhile, deep underground, the creature vomits what appears to be the visceral remains of	of	ADP	Marie	PROPN	 Marie
The Seljuqs, who were orthodox Sunni Muslims, had formerly ruled the Great Seljuq Empire, but by the time of the First Crusade it had divided into several smaller states after the death of Malik Shah I in 1092. Malik Shah was succeeded in the Anatolian Sultanate	Sultanate	PROPN	of	ADP	 of
In addition, the DVD featured an interview with Talbot and behind the scenes footage. Appearances in the United States included performances at the Colonie Center. In addition, Talbot participated in a cross marketing campaign with Boscov's; she received signage and merchandising at Boscov's	's	PART	stores	NOUN	 stores
After losing $50,000 worth of equipment and a week's break, the Mothers played at the Rainbow Theatre, London, with rented gear. During the encore, audience member Trevor Howell pushed Zappa off the stage and into the concrete floored orchestra pit. The band	band	NOUN	thought	VERB	 thought
Tim Goodman of The San Francisco Chronicle considered it as a " flat out awful " pilot of what " may well be the worst new fall show ". Rob Owen of the Pittsburgh Post Gazette described the pilot as " a weak, generic private eye drama with	with	ADP	a	DET	 a
H5N1 is a subtype of the Influenza A virus, the viruses responsible for influenza in humans and many other animal species. A bird adapted strain of H5N1, called HPAI A (H5N1) for " highly pathogenic avian influenza virus of type A of subtype H5N1 "	"	PUNCT	,	PUNCT	,
Richer biodiversity is associated with areas of known phytodetritus input and higher organic carbon flux. Abyssobrotula galatheae, a species of cusk eel in the family Ophidiidae, is among the deepest living species of fish. In 1970, one specimen was trawled from a depth of 8370	8370	NUM	meters	NOUN	 meters
The Studios would provide both personal support to Hergé and technical support for his ongoing work. He hired Bob de Moor as his primary apprentice at the Studios in March 1951. The story was collected together and published by Editions Casterman as Objectif Lune in 1953. The	The	DET	title	NOUN	 title
Ultimately, Mulder's loyalties prove altruistic, whereas the Smoking Man chooses self interest over The Syndicate's cause. Hrothgar Mathews was chosen as the suicidal gunman out of several actors, one of whom had even brought a fake gun to his audition. During his audition	audition	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
A local judge convinced Bokassa that there was a lack of evidence to convict Dacko, who was instead placed under house arrest. In September 1976, Dacko was named personal adviser to the president; the French government later convinced him to take part in a coup to	to	PART	overthrow	VERB	 overthrow
Sif also appears in Skáldskaparmál listed as a heiti for " earth ", appears in a kenning for a gold keeping woman, and once for Hildr. Poetic means of referring to Sif calling her " wife of Thor ", " mother of Ullr ", "	"	PUNCT	the	DET	 the
Arrian felt compelled to describe the sight hunt and sighthounds because the Ancient Greeks only knew the scent hunt. It is from Arrian that the most famous quote on the sporting fairness of coursing originates "... true huntsmen do not take out their hounds to catch the creature	creature	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
" At the 53rd Grammy Awards, Backspacer was nominated for Grammy Award for Best Rock Album, losing to Muse's The Resistance. Several year end lists included the album amongst the best releases of 2009. Allmusic listed it on their Favorite Rock Albums of 2009,	,	PUNCT	Billboard	PROPN	 Billboard
Donald C. MacDonald stated that Lewis was not representing the caucus, but acting on his own. Though Douglas was taken aback by the suggestion, his defeat in the ensuing election bolstered Stephen's case and on October 28, 1969, Douglas announced that he would step	step	VERB	down	ADP	 down
Later that month, she supported an amphibious landing by the Volunteer Army near Odessa. In mid October, the ship supported a Volunteer Army offensive near Yalta. By April 1920, Caradoc was deployed off the coast of Georgia supporting the Volunteer Army against the Bolsheviks and	and	CCONJ	continued	VERB	 continued
Kaiser Karl VI was armed with a main battery of two large caliber guns and several medium caliber pieces. She carried two 24 centimeter (9.4 in) L / 40 C / 94 guns manufactured by Krupp in single gun turrets on the centerline, one forward and	and	CCONJ	one	NUM	 one
He jumped out and stomped on the flames, as did his wife and some of his staffers. Johnson's leadership during the fire was praised by Democratic Congressman Tom Udall, who said: " I think the real test of leadership is when you have circumstances like	like	ADP	this	PRON	 this
Roxy Ann Peak and nearby Baldy are the only two primary transmitter station sites in the Rogue Valley. Residential development of the mountain's southern foothills has been on the rise for several years, primarily in the form of single family residences. Construction costs have continued to	to	PART	rise	VERB	 rise
The nearest NHS hospital is Lincoln County Hospital, Greetwell Road, Lincoln, which is 8.7 miles (14 km) north of Navenby. The second closest is Grantham and District Hospital, Manthorpe Rd, Grantham. The nearest dentists are also based in Lincoln or Grantham	Grantham	PROPN	.	PUNCT	.
" Adventure Gamers ' Claire Wood called it an " enjoyable ", " engaging adventure classic, thoroughly enjoyable playing experience " and " a 1984 for the computer game generation. " Winstanley thought that the main highpoint of the game was the story, with an ending	ending	NOUN	"	PUNCT	 "
The ships, Blitz and Pfeil, were the first steel hulled ships of any kind built by the German Navy, and the progenitors of the later light cruisers of the Gazelle type. They were armed with a 12.5 cm (4.9 in) gun and one 35	35	NUM	cm	NOUN	 cm
A typical episode for a half hour time slot runs 20 and a half minutes. The final episode of season two introduces the first of what would be several super sized episodes that are approximately 28 minute running time for a 40 minute time slot. Season three introduces	introduces	VERB	the	DET	 the
To date, only four other players, Aaron Ekblad, Connor McDavid, Sean Day and Joseph Veleno, have been granted the same status. The Oshawa Generals held the first pick in the 2005 draft, and they selected Tavares, earning him the Jack Ferguson Award	Award	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
The game was released in Japan on December 27, 2007, and was released in North America and Europe on October 21, 2008 and October 24, 2008 respectively; making it the first time that the original Star Ocean was officially released outside Japan. The English	English	ADJ	localization	NOUN	 localization
The conservation status of this species was last assessed in July 2012 and published in 2013, and it was classed as such due to a wide distribution, fairly generalist habits, stable population and the lack of major threats. This species is mostly diurnal, but may	may	AUX	be	AUX	 be
Each house originally comprised a ground floor hall of approximately 20 by 13 feet (6.1 by 4.0 m) and an upper floor of the same size. Both had a fireplace in the front wall. Washing facilities and a latrine were outside the back door. The	The	DET	date	NOUN	 date
The institution conducts nearly $130 million annually in research, and operates more than 40 research centers and institutes on campus. Interdisciplinary research includes superconductivity, space commercialization and exploration, biomedical sciences and engineering, energy and natural resources, and artificial intelligence. Awarding more than	than	ADP	9,000	NUM	 9,000
This was followed by a match against Canterbury in Christchurch, in which Brown top scored with 137. This laid the foundation for a total of 8 / 415 and another innings victory. Brown made his second consecutive century in the third match against Otago at Carisbrook in	in	ADP	Dunedin	PROPN	 Dunedin
Moore felt that if anyone should be depicted, it should be Theodore Thomas, who conducted the Cincinnati May Festival from its beginning in 1873 and in 1878 became director of the Cincinnati College of Music. He stated that " Theodore Thomas was, artistically, the founder	founder	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
In 1973, Dennis Rawlins conjectured, based on the similarities in the periodicity and amplitude of brightness variation between Pluto and Neptune's moon Triton, that Pluto's mass must be similar to Triton's. This is, in fact, true, and had been argued	argued	VERB	by	ADP	 by
It was chaired by Sir George Thomson, and its original membership included Oliphant, Chadwick, Cockcroft and Moon. In its final report in July 1941, the MAUD Committee concluded that an atomic bomb was not only feasible, but might be produced as early as 1943	1943	NUM	.	PUNCT	.
The quanta of an Abelian gauge field must be massless, uncharged bosons, as long as the symmetry is not broken; hence, the photon is predicted to be massless, and to have zero electric charge and integer spin. The particular form of the electromagnetic interaction	interaction	NOUN	specifies	NOUN	 specifies
Despite the appeal against the light, the Australians showed little desire to be watchful against Edrich's bowling, scoring 11 runs from his two overs. Morris and Barnes successfully negotiated the new ball bowling of Edrich and Bedser. They reached stumps at 17 without loss,	,	PUNCT	with	ADP	 with
The first known physician in the county, Dr. Ezra Doty, settled in Mifflintown in 1791. The first four townships in what would become Juniata County were formed on October 23, 1754. They were Lack Township, Aire Township, Fannett Township, and Tyrone Township	Township	PROPN	.	PUNCT	.
This was the only direct casualty from the storm. Alex's outer rainbands produced heavy rainfall across Virginia, peaking at over 7 inches (178 mm) in the center of the state. The rainfall caused localized flooding, but there was no reported damage in the	the	DET	state	NOUN	 state
Born in Rio de Janeiro, the Brazilian Emperor Dom Pedro II was the youngest and only surviving male child of Dom Pedro I, first emperor of Brazil, and his wife Dona Leopoldina, archduchess of Austria. From birth, he was heir to his father's	's	PART	throne	NOUN	 throne
Alexander described the original song as " more spiritual " than the version that was released, and said it contained lines about prayer. However, she claimed she knew it was pop and suitable for The Walt Disney Company. Before reaching Cyrus, the song had been	been	AUX	rejected	VERB	 rejected
The hosts reached 106 / 3 at stumps on the fourth day, but then collapsed on the final morning to be all out for 186, handing Australia a 409 run victory. Cyril Washbrook and Tom Dollery top scored for England with 37 apiece. Ernie Toshack had	had	VERB	the	DET	 the
She was displayed in the museum's entrance hall, next to a Peruvian and an Egyptian mummy, and her relatives were allowed free access to visit her as they wished. She was described by a visitor in 1844 as " one of the most remarkable objects in	in	ADP	the	DET	 the
Queen's, however, decided to withdraw from the competition, giving Oxford a bye into the final. One modern source states that the Scottish club actually beat Oxford but then could not afford to travel to London for the final so withdrew at that point. As	As	SCONJ	the	DET	 the
During the Panic of 1893, Lilly created a commission to help provide food and shelter to the poor people who were adversely affected. His work with the commission led him to personally donate enough funds to create a children's hospital in Indianapolis to care for the many	many	ADJ	children	NOUN	 children
At the end of the year it was to become a ghost town when news had arrived about rich amounts of gold found upstream at Klondike. On August 16, 1896, an American prospector named George Carmack, his Tagish wife Kate Carmack (Shaaw Tláa),	,	PUNCT	her	PRON	 her
Panitan Wattanayagorn, a military scholar at Chulalongkorn University and a personal adviser to Prime Minister Surayud Chulanont noted in early September 2007 that " if the army is going to take a full step into politics, then it will be Saprang. If only a half step,	,	PUNCT	then	ADV	 then
In the following verse, Lewis and Haynes are seen having several embraces, some joyful while others are more tense as Lewis is sad. The couple are then seen leaving the party; Haynes walks over to Lewis and attempts to kiss, but she proceeds to push	push	VERB	him	PRON	 him
For example, there are over 800 species of fig trees, mostly in the tropics, and almost all of these has its own specific chalcid wasp to effect pollination. Many wasp species are parasitoids; the females deposit eggs on or in a host arthropod on which	which	PRON	the	DET	 the
The overhaul lasted from 3 March to 3 May, after which Sperber went on another tour of the islands, including the Marshalls, Butaritari, and Matupit Island. At Matupit the Deputy Chancellor, Georg Schmiele, came aboard the ship. Sperber was back in Apia	Apia	PROPN	by	ADP	 by
The system was first used at the 2007 World Championships. The World Championships have been open to all players, both professional and amateur, since 1977. The IIHF lists the following requirements for a player to be eligible to play: " Each player must be under	under	ADP	the	DET	 the
"), its reputation as a repair shop, its selection of vintage instruments, and its position as a major Martin guitar dealer. In May 2010, an Elderly manager told the publication TWICE that economic recession had affected the business and forced layoffs of part time	time	NOUN	employees	NOUN	 employees
The Brillanten (Diamonds) were presented by Hitler at the Wolfsschanze, near Kętrzyn (German: Rastenburg) on 19 October 1943. Nowotny immediately went on a short vacation to Vienna before returning to his front line unit. On 29 October 1943, Nowotny presented the	the	DET	Ritterkreuz	PROPN	 Ritterkreuz
It built an underground convenience on Parliament Street near Bridge Street in London with access to the pavement on either side of the street. London and North Western Railway Company, which owned property fronting Parliament Street and Bridge Street, objected to the construction. Lord Macnaghten considered	considered	VERB	whether	SCONJ	 whether
The 2001 Gujarat earthquake devastated this region and displaced many locals. The crew, including the English, contributed to their cause by donating ₹ 250,000 (equivalent to ₹ 700,000 or US $10,000 in 2016), with further contributions during the year. Avadhi, which	which	PRON	is	AUX	 is
The largest of a series of expeditions carried out in 1963 – 1971, this expedition involved 21 members, which at times were supported by additional hired Mongolian workers. The site of discovery is located in Ömnögovi Province in southern Mongolia in the Altan Uul area, which	which	PRON	exposes	VERB	 exposes
The unilateral French decision led to a censure debate in the House of Commons. By 1967 when the French withdrew from the AFVG programme, the Air Ministry was faced with a dilemma stemming from the imminent prospect of cancelling the F 111 K, a decision that was	was	AUX	taken	VERB	 taken
The day long Battle of Königgrätz, near the village of Sadová, gave Prussia an uncontested and decisive victory. A quick peace was essential to keep Russia from entering the conflict on Austria's side. Prussia annexed Hanover, Hesse Kassel, Nassau, and the city	city	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
The Pure Food and Drug Act was then passed by the United States Congress in 1906 and required that certain special drugs, including cannabis, be accurately labeled with contents. Previously, many drugs had been sold as patent medicines with secret ingredients or misleading labels. Even	Even	ADV	after	ADP	 after
This was one of the main theoretical models behind much of Wulfstan's legal and quasi legal writings. But Wulfstan was not blind to the fact that, in order for this Reform model to thrive in England, the English clergy and laity (especially the laity)	)	PUNCT	needed	VERB	 needed
The pair flirt, but Derek makes his excuses and leaves. On her arrival at the hospital, Lexie meets George O'Malley (T.R. Knight) who quickly realizes her identity. Lexie promises to keep George's secret that he is repeating his internship after failing his intern	intern	NOUN	exam	NOUN	 exam
He ended his review with the words: " One feels constantly that shining truths are about to be revealed; that there is something important, something significant, hidden in these pages. But it is never made clear, while the ridiculous details remain all too conspicuously	conspicuously	ADV	in	ADP	 in
The basic design used a modified Vulture supercharger for the first stage while a Merlin 46 supercharger was used for the second. A liquid cooled intercooler on top of the supercharger casing was used to prevent the compressed air / fuel mixture from becoming too hot. Also considered	considered	VERB	was	AUX	 was
[a] They have also mentioned that the users of the unlocked variant of the device can unlock the bootloader without voiding the warranty of the phone. In December 2015, HTC released a maintenance update for the unlocked variant which updates the phone to Android Marshmallow 6.0.1	6.0.1	PROPN	Unlike	ADP	 Unlike
Music for the game was composed by Junichi Masuda, who utilized the four sound channels of the Game Boy to create both the melodies and the sound effects and Pokémon " cries " heard upon encountering them. He noted the game's opening theme, titled " Monster	Monster	PROPN	"	PUNCT	 "
Scholar John McWhorter calls Angelou's books " tracts " that defend African American culture and fight negative stereotypes. According to McWhorter, Angelou structured her books, which to him seem to be written more for children than for adults, to support her defense of black culture	culture	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
Based on reports from four ships, a tropical storm is known to have existed for two days in mid June off the East Coast of the United States. It formed approximately 340 miles (550 km) east of Savannah, Georgia on June 15 and moved slowly	slowly	ADV	north	ADV	 north
Both parents feed the chicks bringing food every two to five minutes, and the young are fed for 14 – 21 days after fledging. With such frequent feeding rates the adults mainly forage in the best hunting zones in the immediate vicinity of the nest, since the	the	DET	further	ADJ	 further
When Diana and Adrian spar at their next session in the gym, he is reluctant to hit her, and she leaves before he can talk to her. Diana's first amateur match is scheduled against another girl, but when her opponent pulls out she ends up	up	ADP	fighting	VERB	 fighting
She was extremely devout, and attended prayers at least twice a day. Many of her proclamations focus on combating licentiousness, insobriety and vice. She often participated in the affairs of the Church — all matters of ecclesiastical patronage passed through her hands. On the death	death	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
German designers were leaders of modern product design, with the Bauhaus designers like Mies van der Rohe, and Dieter Rams of Braun being essential. Germany is a leading country in the fashion industry. The German textile industry consisted of about 1,300 companies with more than 130,000	130,000	NUM	employees	NOUN	 employees
The section was opened on 23 July 1978 by the Minister for Transport, at a cost of over $20 million. Meanwhile, work on sealing and upgrading the 476 kilometre long (296 mi) section from Port Hedland and Broome began in 1976. With up	up	ADP	to	PART	 to
The creation of the awards was a way to honor those who have made valuable contributions to Belarus, irrespective of whether they were performed by a citizen or a foreigner. This resolution was outlawed and replaced by Law N 288 З on May 18, 2004. To	To	PART	be	AUX	 be
The second and third volume ranked 7th and 8th, respectively, on The New York Times Manga Best Seller List for one week each in 2012. In 2011, an attraction based on the game was opened in the amusement park Joypolis in Tokyo. A stage play	play	NOUN	based	VERB	 based
The game is structurally similar to Guitar Hero 5, and supports full band play (lead and bass guitar, drums, and vocals) including the drop in / drop out and in song instrument and difficulty change menus, and additional multiplayer modes as Guitar Hero 5	5	NUM	.	PUNCT	.
By the turn of the 18th century, Felling consisted of little more than the large Brandling estate and a small scattering of tiny farming villages. However, Ralph Brandling, the incumbent of the Brandling estate at that time, had come to realise the value of the	the	DET	rich	ADJ	 rich
The residential school system that removed aboriginal children from their homes has led scholars to believe that Canada can be tried in international court for genocide. A legal case resulted in settlement of 2 billion C $in 2006 and the establishment of a Truth and Reconciliation Commission which	which	PRON	confirmed	VERB	 confirmed
" Cyriaque Lamar from i09 called the Jaguar Spirit one of " The 10 Most Ridiculous X Files Monsters " and wrote, " In this fairly ridiculous Season 3 episode, an Ecuadorian artifact possessed by a Jaguar Spirit (or something) causes tabbies to go bonkers and	and	CCONJ	murder	NOUN	 murder
However, Umbricht learned that the doctors were unsure if the cancer surgery was a success, or even if it had been completely removed from his body. Even if it was, his chance of survival was slim at best. Upon hearing the news, Umbricht decided	decided	VERB	to	PART	 to
While visiting Nintendo for other work, celebrity copywriter Shigesato Itoi pitched to the company's lead designer Shigeru Miyamoto, his idea for a role playing game set in contemporary times. The modern setting worked against role playing genre norms, and while Miyamoto liked the idea,	,	PUNCT	he	PRON	 he
Guest came up against Sir Charles Coghlan, the senior partner of Coghlan and Welsh, in a case before the Court of the Mining Commissioner. Coghlan represented a mining company, which had pegged some gold claims on Guest's client's farm. The Commissioner gave judgment	judgment	NOUN	in	ADP	 in
The habitat includes densely forested areas as well as alpine heathland. It is rare below altitudes of 200 m (660 ft). Omnivorous, it has a diet that includes a variety of berries, invertebrates, and small vertebrates. Less arboreal than the pied currawong	currawong	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
Despite Barry's concerns, Cartier continued to work successfully in television, and at the 1957 Guild of Television Producers and Directors Awards (later known as the British Academy Television Awards, or BAFTAs) he was the winner of the Drama category. He made a brief	brief	ADJ	return	NOUN	 return
Robinson missed the game because manager Walter Alston decided to play Gilliam at second and Don Hoak at third base. That season, the Dodgers ' Don Newcombe became the first black major league pitcher to win twenty games in a year. In 1956, Robinson had 61	61	NUM	runs	NOUN	 runs
The next scenes mainly consist of Shakira interacting with Nadal in different ways, such as dancing for him and laying together on the ground. The video ends with the duo sharing a kiss. The video received positive reviews from critics. Melanie Bertoldi from Billboard praised Shakira	Shakira	PROPN	's	PART	's
Minnesota's main armored belt was 11 in (279 mm) thick over the magazines and the machinery spaces and 6 in (152 mm) elsewhere. The main battery gun turrets had 12 inch (300 mm) thick faces, and the supporting barbettes had the	the	DET	10	NUM	 10
Its northwest corner, north of Monroe Street and the Art Institute, east of Michigan Avenue, south of Randolph Street, and west of Columbus Drive, had been Illinois Central rail yards and parking lots until 1997, when it was made available for development by the	the	DET	city	NOUN	 city
During the Battle of Antietam on September 17, 1862, the 19th Massachusetts, as part of Maj. Gen. John Sedgwick's division, took part in an infamous charge on Confederate lines in the West Woods. The division was virtually surrounded by Confederates and suffered heavy	heavy	ADJ	casualties	NOUN	 casualties
Rumours throughout 2011 suggested Okereke had left the group to focus on solo work, though these were denied by other band members. Bloc Party started writing material for a fourth album in 2011, but decided not to play live. In the meantime Okereke finished an EP	EP	PROPN	titled	VERB	 titled
Angel. Music. Baby. (2004). It was written by Stefani, Linda Perry, and her then husband Gavin Rossdale, who is credited as " GMR ". Nellee Hooper produced the song, with Mark " Spike " Stent serving as an additional	additional	ADJ	producer	NOUN	 producer
He was promoted to brigadier general on 10 November 1944, and awarded the Bronze Star Medal. He returned to the United States for medical reasons on 12 February 1945. His final command was of the Boston Port of Embarkation, for which he received the Army Commendation	Commendation	PROPN	Medal	PROPN	 Medal
The adult population numbered at 1,370 men and 858 women, and children 16 years of age or younger numbered at 286, with 99 of whom were below the age of 4. The camp was under the control of the Japanese Foreign Affairs Department, but according to	to	ADP	historian	PROPN	 historian
The frilled shark has seldom been encountered alive, and thus poses no danger to humans (though scientists have accidentally cut themselves examining its teeth). On August 27, 2004, the first observation of this species in its natural habitat was made by the ROV Johnson	Johnson	PROPN	Sea	PROPN	 Sea
Göring initially suspected Galland had instigated the unrest. Heinrich Himmler had wanted to put Galland on trial for treason himself; the SS and Gestapo had already begun investigations into who he associated with. The Oberkommando der Luftwaffe (OKL) appointed the more politically acceptable Gollob,	,	PUNCT	a	DET	 a
He added ten points in ten playoff games, but was knocked out of the postseason in the Smythe Division Final against the Edmonton Oilers after suffering stretched knee ligaments following a hit by Mark Messier. Suter watched as the Flames reached, and ultimately lost, the 1986	1986	NUM	Stanley	PROPN	 Stanley
Speaking to clinical social worker Catherine Black (Megan Gallagher), Seattle police officer Bob Bletcher (Bill Smitrovich) reveals that the victim had been graphically mutilated during the murder. Catherine Black's husband, offender profiler Frank Black (Lance Henriksen), is asked to	to	PART	consult	VERB	 consult
Following the end of hostilities in August 1945, Barr was treated for recurring fever and underwent two operations on his limbs in No. 6 RAAF Hospital, Heidelberg. He was discharged from the Air Force on 8 October. After leaving the Air Force, Barr remained	remained	VERB	in	ADP	 in
One of the most common constituents of a medieval meal, either as part of a banquet or as a small snack, were sops, pieces of bread with which a liquid like wine, soup, broth, or sauce could be soaked up and eaten. Another	Another	DET	common	ADJ	 common
" PC West contacted civilian dispatcher Malcolm Bonnet at the Chelmsford HQ Information Room using a radio link; this conversation was recorded as having taken place at 3.26 am. PC West then spoke to Bamber again, who apparently complained about the time the police response was taking	taking	VERB	,	PUNCT	,
Players can not move freely across each Age; instead, as in the previous games in the Myst series, they travel by clicking set locations called " nodes ", where players can rotate their view in any direction. Revelation also features a " Zip " mode	mode	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
More than 200 pueblo builder sites have been identified in the park at a wide variety of locations — at the mouths of washes, near seeps, and on moisture holding sand dunes. During the Pueblo I Era, most sites were single family homes, but as	as	SCONJ	soils	NOUN	 soils
Alaska possessed no mental health treatment facilities prior to the passage of the 1956 Act. At the time of the Act's passage, Alaska was not a U.S. state, being constituted instead as a territory of the United States. The treatment of the mentally ill was	was	AUX	governed	VERB	 governed
Those who reached the canal near the housing district were killed by Dutch troops waiting in small boats, while other troops searched in between the rows of burning houses, killing any survivors they found. These actions later spread throughout the city. Vermeulen notes that many of	of	ADP	the	DET	 the
On March 28, it was revealed that Park would be rejoining the cast of KBS ' Immortal Songs 2 for a third time, with the first episode featuring Park airing on April 20. Following on from the success of the Jay Park's March edition of Men	Men	PROPN	's	PART	's
Once the machine transitioned to the downstairs portion, it would generally run the rest of the course untouched. Furthermore, the time of day and temperature would play a big factor in how some small components would behave, forcing the team to readjust the timing. Ball	Ball	NOUN	tracks	NOUN	 tracks
Wintry weather made subsequent attempts to recover the dead difficult; four bodies were never found. Transcontinental traffic was rerouted temporarily onto Canadian Pacific tracks through Calgary as the CNR attempted to clear the tracks. The work was hampered by an explosion and fire that broke out on	on	ADP	the	DET	 the
In contrast, only 20% of the North American captive cheetahs bred successfully in 1991. Studies have shown that in vitro fertilisation in cheetah poses more difficulties than are faced in the case of other cats. The cheetah has been widely portrayed in a variety of artistic	artistic	ADJ	works	NOUN	 works
The ability to thrive solely on pasture (even without hay) varies with breed, but all sheep can survive on this diet. Also included in some sheep's diets are minerals, either in a trace mix or in licks. Sheep follow a diurnal pattern of	of	ADP	activity	NOUN	 activity
Adolf Friedrich Rudorff dated it to the reign of Hadrian, while Franz Peter Bremer suggested that it opened around 200, based on Thaumaturgus. Theodor Mommsen linked the establishment of the law school in Beirut with the need for jurists, since the city was chosen to serve	serve	VERB	as	ADP	 as
Pleasant Stream, a tributary of Lycoming Creek, is the watershed to the north. The named tributaries together account for 70.6% of the Plunketts Creek watershed. The largest tributary is Wolf Run, with an area of 7.39 square miles (19.1 km2), accounting	accounting	VERB	for	ADP	 for
Bus routes are mainly operated by National Express West Midlands, which accounts for over 80% of all bus journeys in Birmingham, though there are around 50 other, smaller registered bus companies. The number 11 outer circle bus routes are the longest urban bus routes in	in	ADP	Europe	PROPN	 Europe
At full capacity, she could steam for 5,610 nautical miles (10,390 km; 6,460 mi) at a speed of 10 knots (19 km / h; 12 mph). Lion mounted eight BL 13.5 inch Mk V guns in four twin hydraulically powered BII turrets	turrets	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
The sexes are indistinguishable in appearance though the females are usually a little smaller. The adult has a grey green, skin covered crown, and the face, cheeks and throat pouch are also featherless and are coral red. Other parts of the head are olive green	green	ADJ	and	CCONJ	 and
Despite remaining over water, its close proximity to the continent prevented further strengthening. The tropical storm recurved to the north in the gulf, before making a second landfall near Apalachicola, Florida at 0400 UTC on August 10 with winds of 40 mph (65 km /	/	SYM	h	NOUN	 h
Further adjournments were made on 11 December 1974 and 10 March 1975, before a full inquest was scheduled for 16 June 1975. The hearing began with the swearing in of the jury and introductions from various legal representatives, including a lawyer hired for Lucan by his mother	mother	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
As a result, the large daytime surface temperature within the UHI is easily seen via thermal remote sensing. As is often the case with daytime heating, this warming also has the effect of generating convective winds within the urban boundary layer. It is theorized that,	,	PUNCT	due	ADP	 due
In the end, Takumi changed the scriptwriter character into a director, and made the culprit a " strong, glamorous, fashionable, and cool headed " producer. The game's fifth episode, " Rise from the Ashes ", was not included in the original	original	ADJ	version	NOUN	 version
— no, — she has not a joy, — At least for me, — so sweet as drowsy noons, And evenings steep'd in honied indolence; O, for an age so shelter'd from annoy, That I may never know how change the moons,	,	PUNCT	Or	CCONJ	 Or
The core membership of the Azusa Street Mission was never much more than 50 – 60 individuals with hundreds and thousands of people visiting or staying temporarily over the years. By October 1906, Charles Parham was invited to speak for a series of meetings at Azusa Street,	,	PUNCT	but	CCONJ	 but
A scene with Rachel and Jesse that included a performance of the song " Montage, Part 1: Hello Twelve, Hello Thirteen, Hello Love " from A Chorus Line was filmed for the episode, but was cut before it aired. Over two years later,	,	PUNCT	on	ADP	 on
Bach quoted Gregorian chant twice, in the Credo in unum Deum as a theme, in the Confiteor as a cantus firmus embedded in complex polyphony. Formally, the mass is a missa solemnis. Bach achieved a symmetry of the parts, with the profession of faith	faith	NOUN	(	PUNCT	 (
He also impressed in Stevenage's FA Cup run the same season, scoring a 30 yard effort away at Kettering Town in Paul Gascoigne's first game as manager of the Northamptonshire outfit, and netted in the following round in a 2 – 2 draw against Northampton Town	Town	PROPN	.	PUNCT	.
Cosby's sitcom was slotted against Selleck's Magnum, P.I., which had dominated the time slot for years. The show placed first in the Nielsen Media Research ratings for the week with a 21.6 million person viewership. This placed it ahead of runner up 60 Minutes	Minutes	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
The ultimate aim is to develop societal relationships based on a restorative, " partnership " paradigm and mutual respect, rather than a retributive, fear based, " domination " paradigm. Little also says Rosenberg identified Mahatma Gandhi as an inspiration for the NVC model, and	and	CCONJ	that	SCONJ	 that
Beginning in July 1775, Ticonderoga was used as a staging area for the invasion of Quebec to begin in September. Under the leadership of generals Philip Schuyler and Richard Montgomery, men and materiel for the invasion accumulated there through July and August. On August 28,	,	PUNCT	after	ADP	 after
Mike Stagno of Sputnikmusic, taking into account that the album has a different appeal, was somewhat positive in his review. Stagno cited the first few tracks as the album's " harder edge ". However, he noted that some of the following softer tracks were	were	AUX	"	PUNCT	 "
Ljotić was killed in the ensuing car accident. He was buried in a Hungarian count's abandoned crypt in the town of Šempeter pri Gorici. His funeral service was conducted jointly by Dožić and Velimirović, with the latter eulogizing Ljotić as " the most loyal son of	of	ADP	Serbdom	PROPN	 Serbdom
Humanist historians argued that contemporary scholarship restored direct links to the classical period, thus bypassing the Medieval period, which they then named for the first time the " Middle Ages ". The term first appears in Latin in 1469 as media tempestas (middle times).	.	PUNCT	The	DET	 The
Andrew Reiner of Game Informer proclaimed that the game's " unpredictable framerates, extensive backtracking, and the guarantee of one death caused by faulty camera positioning for every platforming segment " made it " a mess of a game, and a new low point for the once	once	ADV	loved	VERB	 loved
These were divided into nine sections. Within these were cells of six stages. The cells could be operated independently, or consecutively within a section. Similarly, the sections could be operated separately or as part of a single cascade. A survey party began construction by	by	ADP	marking	VERB	 marking
The question of how long a person with PTE remains at higher risk for seizures than the general population is controversial. About half of PTE cases go into remission, but cases that occur later may have a smaller chance of doing so. Studies have found that the	the	DET	incidence	NOUN	 incidence
He led a delegation to London to discuss responsible government in 1921, and two years later Southern Rhodesia became a self governing colony. Coghlan sat in the Legislative Assembly as Member for Bulawayo from 1924 to his death. Coghlan was buried near Cecil Rhodes's grave,	,	PUNCT	at	ADP	 at
At the podium interview, conducted by Gerhard Berger, Rosberg expressed his satisfaction with the victory, saying: " The start made the race. It was a great start and I managed to defend in the first couple of corners and then I really just tried to	to	PART	push	VERB	 push
The partisans arrested Mussolini and took him to Dongo, where he spent part of the night in the local barracks. In all, over fifty fascist leaders and their families were found in the convoy and arrested by the partisans. Aside from Mussolini and Petacci, sixteen	sixteen	NUM	of	ADP	 of
At that moment I was enlightened: the source of budō [the martial way] is God's love – the spirit of loving protection for all beings... Budō is not the felling of an opponent by force; nor is it a tool to lead the world	world	NOUN	to	ADP	 to
In 1996, they co starred the film Big Night, which Conrad said was the main reason Tucci " always our first choice for the actor role. " Tucci said it was a " funny thing " since the role of Monk was offered to him after Big	Big	PROPN	Night	PROPN	 Night
When Paulino Soares asked who should be appointed as Brazil's representative among the allied forces, Caxias suggested Honório Hermeto. Honório Hermeto, who had been ostracized by his peers after his fall in 1844, was the saquarema closest to Caxias. An army commanded by Caxias	Caxias	PROPN	crossed	VERB	 crossed
In the United States, certain DVDs at Target stores contain a bonus DVD with a 30 minute long making of documentary titled Becoming Enchanted: A New Classic Comes True. This DVD is also sold with certain DVDs at HMV stores in the United Kingdom. Enchanted earned	earned	VERB	$	SYM	 $
Gilligan said of the idea, " I just thought it was a cool way to tell a story. " With two versions of the same story taking up much of the episode, Gilligan knew that he would have to keep the plot simple and settled on a	a	DET	vampire	NOUN	 vampire
Desiring to make a film, he decided that a low budget horror film was his best opportunity. Jones was inspired by the Lucky Charms commercials to create a leprechaun character, only his twist was to turn the character into an antagonist. Jones was further influenced by	by	ADP	the	DET	 the
(John Facenda voice) It was these 1986 Giants that popularized the football tradition of dousing the head coach with a cooler of Gatorade near the end of a victorious game. This originated in 1984 when Jim Burt, incensed by what he thought was mistreatment he received	received	VERB	during	ADP	 during
The main armored deck was 60 mm (2.4 in) thick. The conning tower had 150 mm (5.9 in) thick sides. Brennus was laid down at the Lorient dockyard in January 1889 and launched on 17 October 1891. Fitting out work was completed in	in	ADP	1896	NUM	 1896
Colt re introduced the revolvers in its second generation revolvers produced after 1956. The Buntline Special was further popularized by The Life and Legend of Wyatt Earp television series. Earp's reputation has been confused by inaccurate, conflicting, and false stories told about him by others	others	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
Dylan has also been playing the song live throughout the Never Ending Tour that began in 1988. In addition to its appearance on Bringing It All Back Home, " Love Minus Zero / No Limit " has been included on several Dylan live and compilation albums. In	In	ADP	the	DET	 the
Since airing, the finale has received mixed reviews from television critics. Grace Adler (Debra Messing), heavily pregnant, is having bizarre dreams of the future in which she and her gay friend and roommate Will Truman (Eric McCormack) are an old couple,	,	PUNCT	raising	VERB	 raising
The episode earned a 4.0 / 10 ratings share among adults aged 18 to 49, meaning that it was seen by 4.0 percent of all 18- to 49 year olds, and 10 percent of all 18- to 49 year olds watching television at the time of broadcast.	.	PUNCT	Fox	PROPN	 Fox
Afterwards, Mayer said, " We considered it, but the kind of modifications which Repco did were well beyond our resources, and I doubt very much if we could have done any more with it than we did with the Indy Ford. " McLaren's later	later	ADJ	cars	NOUN	 cars
In 2014 she spearheaded the Minecraft Comets to their first ever national title win, which was clinched by a crucial three point field goal by Kean in the final stages. She made her national team debut in 2007 when she competed in the IWBF Qualification tournament. She	She	PRON	was	AUX	 was
In certain specialized cells, however, the smooth ER is abundant and has additional functions. The smooth ER of these specialized cells functions in diverse metabolic processes, including synthesis of lipids, metabolism of carbohydrates, and detoxification of drugs and poisons. Enzymes of the smooth	smooth	ADJ	ER	PROPN	 ER
During a discussion with Elaine, Jerry mentions the 1958 film The Blob. Jerry also mentions the novel Moby Dick, jokingly stating that " when you read Moby Dick the second time, Ahab and the whale become good friends ". After George receives a bill from	from	ADP	his	PRON	 his
The football club plays at the Everyone Active Stadium, formerly known as the Hand Stadium. Another Non League football club Clevedon United F.C. who play at Colleridge Vale. Clevedon Bowling Club was formed in 1910, and since then has achieved several international honours in Bowls.	.	PUNCT	Other	ADJ	 Other
This more isolated site, with a larger area for people to gather, made it a safer location. After heavy rains in 1994, the partially completed Bonfire began to slowly lean to the side as the soil underneath shifted. Student officials had enough warning to clear	clear	VERB	the	DET	 the
Multifurca: agaricoid; caps zonate (also visible in cut through trama); gills regularly forked; only M. furcata exuding latex; spore print orange; spores very small; microscopical trama and hymenium features very variable. Pseudoxenasma: corticioid; wax like texture; gloeocystidia	gloeocystidia	NOUN	with	ADP	 with
A tropical storm developed about midway between Bermuda and Puerto Rico on November 8. Designated as George by the Air Weather Service in real time, the storm moved quickly west northwestward. Early on November 10, George is believed to have reached hurricane intensity after reconnaissance aircraft	aircraft	NOUN	flights	NOUN	 flights
Sonya and Lizaveta had exchanged crosses, so originally the cross was Lizaveta's — whom Rodya didn't intend to kill, making it an important symbol of redemption. Sonya's face reminds him of Lizaveta's face, another example of his guilty conscience and symbolizes a	a	DET	shared	VERB	 shared
They proceeded to defeat the Detroit Tigers in five games, giving Molina his first championship ring. His mask was turned in for display at the Baseball Hall of Fame. Batting out of the number five spot in the batting order for the first time in his career	career	NOUN	on	ADP	 on
Animal Camouflage: Mechanisms and Function. Cambridge University Press. Ruxton, Graeme D; Sherratt, Tom N; Speed, Michael P (2004). " 3. Countershading and counterillumination ". Avoiding Attack: The Evolutionary Ecology of Crypsis, Warning Signals and Mimicry	Mimicry	PROPN	.	PUNCT	.
In keeping with the game's other development goals, Shimomura wanted to alter some of the established music, although she asked the team to include familiar themes from earlier games for fans. When she started out, she knew nothing about the game's story, but	but	CCONJ	became	VERB	 became
Steam Guard also offers two factor, risk based authentication that uses a one time verification code sent to a verified email address associated with the Steam account; this was later expanded to include two factor authentication through the Steam mobile application, known as Steam Guard Mobile Authenticator	Authenticator	PROPN	.	PUNCT	.
Olds flew a new P 38J Lightning that he nicknamed Scat II. Olds ' crew chief, T / Sgt. Glen A. Wold, said that he showed an immediate interest in aircraft maintenance and learned emergency servicing under Wold. He also insisted his aircraft be waxed	waxed	VERB	to	PART	 to
Although they are unlikely to form a clade, some older works combine the Caudofoveata and solenogasters into one class, the Aplacophora. Two of the commonly recognized " classes " are known only from fossils. Classification into higher taxa for these groups has been and remains problematic	problematic	ADJ	.	PUNCT	.
Arming Arab captives and sending them to fight with the Bulgarians as a desperate measure, Leo VI managed to repel the Bulgarians from Constantinople, which they had besieged. The war ended with a peace treaty which formally lasted until around Leo VI's death in 912 and	and	CCONJ	under	ADP	 under
This technology makes it possible for the characters to interact with celebrities from the then distant past, and is used by the writers to comment on the 20th and 21st centuries in a satirical manner. In the DVD commentary, Matt Groening notes that beginning any television series	series	NOUN	is	AUX	 is
Ruth von Phul was the first to argue that Earwicker was not the dreamer, which triggered a number of similarly minded views on the matter, although her assertion that Shem was the dreamer has found less support. The assertion that the dream was that of Mr. Porter	Porter	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
Preliminary proof is given that the trapping mechanisms of two associated plants are the same (the tentacles of Byblis and Drosera), though this may be only a coincidence and further research must be done. Most Stylidium species are endemic to Australia. In Western Australia alone	alone	ADV	,	PUNCT	,
Guitar Solos was well received by music critics, and was voted one of the best albums of 1974 by NME. During the recording of Henry Cow's sixth album in January 1978, musical differences arose within the group over the prevalence of song oriented material on the	the	DET	album	NOUN	 album
The lyrics are mostly in English. Norwegian texts are also rare for the group, but on the album The Return of the Black Death the Norwegian language dominates the lyrics. On this album, only part of the lyrics are listed in the booklet; words directly	directly	ADV	referring	VERB	 referring
For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 96.3 males. The Census Bureau's 2006 2010 American Community Survey showed that (in 2010 inflation adjusted dollars) median household income was $35,659 (with a margin of error of + / - $1,009	1,009	NUM	)	PUNCT	)
The early Pandyas named the city Thenpandiyanadu, the Cholas Mudikonda Cholamandalam and the Nayaks Tirunelveli Seemai; it was known as Tinnelvelly by the British, and Thirunelveli after independence. The word Tirunelveli is derived from three Tamil words: thiru, nel and veli, meaning "	"	PUNCT	sacred	ADJ	 sacred
Tukwila would have four processor cores and would replace the Itanium bus with a new Common System Interface, which would also be used by a new Xeon processor. Later that year, Intel revised Tukwila's delivery date to late 2008. In November 2005, the major	major	ADJ	Itanium	PROPN	 Itanium
Marching Men was written as a hobby project while Sherwood Anderson was still working in advertising. A combination of a small first run, mediocre reviews, and poor sales, convinced Anderson's publisher not to give Marching Men a second run. The novel has since been	been	AUX	reprinted	VERB	 reprinted
Underground, he finds Hangemuhl and takes her to the hospital. Skinner checks in with Doggett who reports that Hangemuhl's kidneys have healed spontaneously. Doggett returns to the woman in the woods who watches over the creature; after recoiling at its ugliness, the woman explains	explains	VERB	that	SCONJ	 that
Barth had wanted to expand the ideas in Codex to include more realistic aspects of chemistry, such as more complex molecules, but did not pursue the idea immediately afterwards. About a year after completing Codex, Barth was inspired by the disused chemical plant at Gas Works	Works	PROPN	Park	PROPN	 Park
Milla Jovovich as Alice; a former Umbrella Corporation security officer whose exposure to the T virus granted her superhuman abilities. Ali Larter as Claire Redfield; Chris's younger sister who led a convoy of survivors who encountered Alice in the previous film. Wentworth Miller as Chris	Chris	PROPN	Redfield	PROPN	 Redfield
Through Maluma, Pitar discovers the power and the sweets of love. Manisha: This name stems from the Hindi and Sanskrit languages, signifying " the wise ". In Hinduism, Manisha is the goddess of the mind. Among the clan's women, Manisha has	has	VERB	a	DET	 a
The manuscripts of General Andranik, 65 pages long and the only known memoir of General Andranik written by him, were returned to Armenia in May 2014. Andranik, while in the United Kingdom, had sent them to Paris in order to be published in 1921,	,	PUNCT	from	ADP	 from
Other sources such as The Escapist and Game Informer also heavily praised the production, with the former lamenting that such a concept would never officially appear from Nintendo. Structured as a trailer for a non existent film, Pokémon Apokélypse is set in the fictional Celadon City,	,	PUNCT	and	CCONJ	 and
Air traffic controllers heard Atta announce, " We have some planes. Just stay quiet and you'll be O.K. We are returning to the airport. " At 08: 24: 56, he announced " Nobody move. Everything will be okay. If you try	try	VERB	to	PART	 to
This new federal party advocated socialism and considered itself a partnership between farmers and labourers; Brownlee wanted no part of its policies. At around the same time, Calgary radio evangelist William Aberhart began to preach a new economic theory called social credit. Though the theory required	required	VERB	control	NOUN	 control
David's reward was the lifetime rule of key imperial territories in eastern Asia Minor, known to the contemporary Georgian sources as the " Upper Lands of Greece " (ზემონი ქუეყანანი საბერძნეთისანი), consisting chiefly of northwestern Armenian lands: the city of Theodosiopolis or Karin (	(	PUNCT	Geo	PROPN	Geo
In defense of Budington's decision, when low tide exposed the ship's hull, the men found that the stem had completely broken away at the six foot mark, taking iron sheeting and planking with it. Budington wrote in his journal that he " called the	the	DET	officer	NOUN	 officer
Exposure to lead may also decrease lifespan and have health effects in the long term. Death rates from a variety of causes have been found to be higher in people with elevated blood lead levels; these include cancer, stroke, and heart disease, and general death	death	NOUN	rates	NOUN	 rates
" The song was listed as one of the best songs of the year by several publications. The New York Times placed the song amongst the best tracks of 2011. Ology's JT Langley placed the song amongst the best of the year, writing " Frank makes	makes	VERB	a	DET	 a
Former MSU quarterback Jeff Smoker now plays in the Arena Football League. Former Michigan State players in the National Hockey League include All Star Defensemen Duncan Keith, Rod Brind ' Amour, Anson Carter, Donald McSween, Adam Hall, John Michael Liles, Justin Abdelkader,	,	PUNCT	Corey	PROPN	 Corey
Wotton's application to withdraw his plea was granted by Nase DCJ on 26 April 2007. A few days later, Wotton was released on bail with strict conditions and ordered to return in April 2008 to be tried. As Wotton waited for his trial, a man	man	NOUN	mistaken	VERB	 mistaken
The history of Rome's campaigning is, if nothing else, a history of obstinate persistence overcoming appalling losses. During this period, Roman soldiers seem to have been modelled after those of the Etruscans to the north, who themselves seem to have copied their style of	of	ADP	warfare	NOUN	 warfare
Her cousin Jomo Hankerson stated the family would prefer a " major studio release along the lines " of What's Love Got to Do with It, the biopic based on the life of Tina Turner. Aaliyah's family has consulted a lawyer to stop Lifetime from using	using	VERB	"	PUNCT	 "
Along with this release Editors engaged in their biggest and most extensive British tour to date. They played arenas such as the 12,000 capacity National Indoor Arena in Birmingham and two sold out dates in London's Alexandra Palace. In June, they released " Bones " as	as	ADP	a	DET	 a
The Salt Lake County Fair is held every August at the park. The 67 acre (27 ha) Oquirrh Lake sits inside 137 acres (55 ha) of park and wetlands located at the Daybreak Community. Recreational opportunities include fishing, sail boating, kayaking and	and	CCONJ	canoeing	VERB	 canoeing
His response was to place a classified advertisement in the Gazette de France, hoping that his anonymous critic would see it. Thus began a fifteen year correspondence between Balzac and " the object of [his] sweetest dreams ": Ewelina Hańska. Ewelina (née Rzewuska	Rzewuska	PROPN	)	PUNCT	)
Exactly two months after Truman's announcement, Barkley declared his availability to run for president while maintaining he was not actively seeking the office. Barkley's distant cousin, Illinois Governor Adlai Stevenson (grandson of the former vice president), was considered his primary competition for	for	ADP	the	DET	 the
It was announced on October 19, 2013 that the Roseland Ballroom would be closing in April 2014, after over 50 years of operation at its current location. On November 19, 2013, it was revealed that Gaga would perform the final shows at the venue with	with	ADP	an	DET	 an
February 16 in Lithuania is now an official holiday. On this day various ceremonies are hosted all across Lithuania. The 2014 commemoration included laying flowers at the signatories ’ graves in Rasos Cemetery, awarding the Lithuanian National Prize, the hoisting of the three Baltic States ’	’	PUNCT	s	PART	 s
The speaker has amassed an " enthusiastic, focused, and loyal [...] following, and none so large or vocal ", according to Paul Seydor in The Absolute Sound. Estimates of their sales differ, possibly due to scope and cut off: when it	it	PRON	ceased	VERB	 ceased
Throughout 1994 and 1995, the trio vigorously toured nonstop and grew in popularity, mostly in Australia, where audiences embraced the band's irreverent sense of humor and stage shows. When the trio grew frustrated when fans lamented the inability to purchase Cheshire Cat at their respective	respective	ADJ	local	ADJ	 local
Some such isotopes (especially 291Cn and 293Cn) may even have been synthesized in nature, but would have decayed away far too quickly (with half lives of only thousands of years) and be produced in far too small quantities (about 10 − 12 the abundance	abundance	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
The project stalled until a design competition for the memorial was launched. In 1948, Finnish architect Eero Saarinen's design for an inverted and weighted catenary curve won the competition; however, groundbreaking did not occur until 1954. The Arch topped out in October 1965.	.	PUNCT	A	DET	 A
In 1946, the National Cartoonists Society inaugurated the Billy DeBeck Memorial Awards (or the Barney Awards), which became the Reuben Award in 1954. William Morgan DeBeck was born on April 15, 1890 on the South Side of Chicago, where his father, Louis	Louis	PROPN	DeBeck	PROPN	 DeBeck
Jack Gwillim, who had a tiny role as a British army officer, played a Royal Navy officer in Thunderball. Caroline Munro, who can be seen very briefly as one of Dr Noah's gun toting guards, received the role of Naomi in The Spy Who	Who	PRON	Loved	VERB	 Loved
It consists of measuring, control and signaling devices, located in zones where driving conditions may vary — at interchanges, near viaducts and bridges, and areas where fog is common. The system uses variable traffic signs to communicate driving conditions, possible restrictions and other information	information	NOUN	to	ADP	 to
At 06: 00 UTC on the same day, the JTWC upgraded the storm to the equivalent of a minimal hurricane, estimating 1 minute winds of 120 km / h (75 mph). It continued westward toward eastern India at a slow pace, later turning	turning	VERB	more	ADV	 more
The flooding was worst around the San Jacinto and Trinity River basins, and in coastal areas. Rainfall totals ranged from 8 in (200 mm) to more than 28 in (710 mm). The rain levels caused 100 year floods at nineteen stations. Several	Several	ADJ	records	NOUN	 records
She had five brothers and one sister (three other siblings died in childhood), and was educated in Lynchburg before travelling to a finishing school in Baltimore. From here she chose to follow in the steps of her grandfather and two older brothers by becoming a doctor	doctor	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
Starting in 2001, producers Jerry Molen and Robert Starling began work to finish DeMille's project, using an updated screenplay by Starling based on the earlier work of Lasky and Box. In June 2014, RatPac Entertainment and Class 5 Films acquired the non fiction article American	American	PROPN	Hippopotamus	PROPN	 Hippopotamus
He was soon recognized by the Bábís, as well as government authorities, as the foremost Bábí leader, and there was a growing number of people joining the Bábí movement. He also gained sympathy from government officials and Sunni clerics. Bahá ' u'lláh's rising influence	influence	NOUN	in	ADP	 in
Additional art direction for the album was provided by Aaron Parsons. M.I.A. used her mother's Tamil phonebook to find a wedding photographer to provide images for the album. Photographers for the album were Ravi Thiagaraja, M.I.A. and Jamie Martinez. Elements of the artwork had previously	previously	ADV	been	AUX	 been
After the manoeuvres ended, she was detached from the Mediterranean Fleet and returned to the United Kingdom to be specially fitted out at Portsmouth to carry the Duke and Duchess of Connaught on a royal tour of India. These modifications included removal of the main deck six inch	inch	NOUN	guns	NOUN	 guns
Strong defensive play by Nott and Gauci helped the Gliders reverse this in the second, and left Canada with only a one point 33 – 32 lead at half time. The second half saw Canada slowly increase their lead, keeping tied with Australia 4 – 4 in	in	ADP	the	DET	 the
In response, the fourth All American Sobor convened in April 1924. During the Sobor, the historic step of declaring the North American diocese to be temporarily self governing was taken. This was meant to be necessary only until relations with the Russian Church could be normalized	normalized	VERB	,	PUNCT	,
Subsequent Muslim conquests helped spread Islam throughout the region. Consequently, the region was ruled by dynasties of Bengal Sultanate and feudal lords under the Delhi Sultanate for the next few hundred years. Smaller Hindu states, landlords, and Baro Bhuyans also ruled in parts of Bengal	Bengal	PROPN	.	PUNCT	.
It was also during this period that she began using what would become her trademark ring entrance: slowly putting her forty two inch legs through the second tier of ropes, pausing to let the crowd momentarily see her panties. At 5 feet 11 inches, Keibler was	was	AUX	one	NUM	 one
Gavin Long described Rowell as " clear and incisive in thought, sensitive in feeling, frank and outspoken in approach to men and to problems. Five recent years of service either at English staff colleges or on exchange duty made it probable that wherever he went his opposite	opposite	ADJ	numbers	NOUN	 numbers
Truth is, I really want to see it on TV. The record is very nice. I would never have imagined in years that I would be able to obtain it. I am very proud and I hope I can continue breaking records. " On 1	1	NUM	June	PROPN	 June
On April 5, 2011, Twitter tested a new homepage and phased out the " Old Twitter ". However, a glitch came about after the page was launched, so the previous " retro " homepage was still in use until the issues were resolved; the	the	DET	new	ADJ	 new
In suitable weather a more interesting and scenic route is to follow the edge of the crags as closely as possible, over the tops of Dollywagon Pike, High Crag and Nethermost Pike. Shorter and quicker routes to the top of Helvellyn, though with less attractive scenery	scenery	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
The station opened on 19 November 1921 and was the line's terminus until 1923. In addition to a station building, Bjorli had a water tower, roundhouse, turntable and a restaurant seating 700 people, the latter which was bombed to pieces in 1940. The	The	DET	station	NOUN	 station
Cook was replaced as coach following the season as Boucher named himself head coach. Cook then retired from hockey. A prolific scorer, Cook scored 317 goals and 508 points in 591 games in his 15 year professional career. Known as " The Original Ranger ",	,	PUNCT	he	PRON	 he
In First Chronicles, she is called Abraham's " concubine " (Hebrew: פִּילֶגֶשׁ Translit.: pilegeš Translated: concubine). Eric Lyon theorizes that " it is possible that Keturah was Abraham ’ s ' concubine ' in the beginning, and then became his	his	PRON	'	PUNCT	 '
Macedonia was not an administrative division of the Ottoman Empire; its entire territory was part of the beylerbeylik of Rumelia. The geographer H. R. Wilkinson suggests that the region " defies definition " but that many mappers agree " on its general location ". Macedonia was well	well	ADV	enough	ADV	 enough
Its 1,134 rooms and suites range from 500 – 750 square feet (46 – 70 m2) in size, each with 9 feet (2.7 m) high ceilings, a sitting area, a writing desk and chair, and spa tub. The lower levels of	of	ADP	the	DET	 the
Captain George Egerton was appointed in command on 28 June 1899, and paid off in April 1901, when Captain Edward Eden Bradford was appointed in command as she became the flagship of Rear Admiral Arthur Wilson, who had been appointed Commander in Chief of the Channel Squadron	Squadron	PROPN	.	PUNCT	.
During this period, not only did the immensity of the advertising industry drastically change, but so did its marketing strategies as it began to incorporate images and specify an audience. This change from largely informative to largely persuasive strategies and from general to specific audiences explains the	the	DET	increase	NOUN	 increase
The stories generally focus on the main cast's interpersonal relationships and psychologies. There is also an underlying focus on " the human soul ". Many of the concepts and characters within the series (Personas, Shadows, Philemon) use Jungian psychology and archetypes. A	A	DET	recurring	VERB	 recurring
The most devastating raid was on 1 June 1942 during the Baedeker Blitz. Before the end of the war, architect Charles Holden drew up plans to redevelop the city centre, but locals were so opposed that the Citizens ' Defence Association was formed and swept to power	power	NOUN	in	ADP	 in
Lennon's body was then taken to the city morgue at 520 First Avenue and autopsied. The cause of death was reported as " hypovolemic shock, caused by the loss of more than 80% of blood volume due to multiple through and through gunshot wounds to the	the	DET	chest	NOUN	 chest
" The Sixth Amendment public trial right is held by the defendant, and the excluded public have no ability to assert it. Independently, however, the public has a substantially similar First Amendment right to attend. U.S. Const. amend. V provides: [N	N	X	]	PUNCT	]
The group had previously attempted to petition the state to have the doves removed from the state game list. Ohio had formerly had a history of protecting mourning doves dating back to 1917, but hunting them was legalized starting in 1995. The doves had an Ohio population	population	NOUN	of	ADP	 of
By 05: 00, it appeared that the fires were almost under control, but Turner, who at this time intended to withdraw all Allied ships by 06: 30, ordered the ship to be scuttled if she was not able to accompany the fleet. After	After	SCONJ	the	DET	 the
She stated, claiming to speak as the Zetas, that " The Hale Bopp comet does not exist. It is a fraud, perpetrated by those who would have the teeming masses quiescent until it is too late. Hale Bopp is nothing more than a distant star	star	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
Barrett continued to edit The Suffragette, but she travelled to Paris to discuss the future of the newspaper with Christabel Pankhurst after its offices were raided in May 1914. The result of their meeting was the relocation of The Suffragette to Edinburgh where the printers were at less	less	ADJ	risk	NOUN	 risk
Mexico, however, did not have him on its most wanted list and was not offering any financial reward for information leading to his arrest. His criminal profile portrays Ramírez Treviño as a violent, cold blooded, and intelligent criminal. Assassins who have worked for him	him	PRON	say	VERB	 say
The resolution of conventional electron microscopy is not limited by electron wavelength, but by the large aberrations of electron lenses. Neutron interferometry has been used to investigate the Aharonov – Bohm effect, to examine the effects of gravity acting on an elementary particle, and to demonstrate	demonstrate	VERB	a	DET	 a
Israel accomplished its objective of destroying the Fatah camp, and on a tactical level, the battle did indeed end in Israel's favor. " The Karama operation exposed the vulnerability of PLO units deployed along the Jordan River and so they moved their concentrations up into the	the	DET	mountains	NOUN	 mountains
The highway traveled across the Puyallup River into Orting on the McMillin Bridge, which opened in 1934 as a concrete half through truss bridge to save the Department of Highways a total of $826. SR 165 was established during the 1964 highway renumbering and was codified in	in	ADP	1970	NUM	 1970
It was picked by George for India to cover as he felt it was something women could relate to. India's version was included on the soundtrack for The 24 Hour Woman. On the Hot Latin Songs chart, the song debuted at number twenty one on the	the	DET	week	NOUN	 week
He opposed royalist conservatism in the East India Company and, as a member of the Long Parliament, supported the Root and Branch attempts to radically reform the Church of England. He played a leading role in the Protestation of 1641, and died not long after.	.	PUNCT	Nothing	PRON	 Nothing
One of the major effects of the conversion of the Vikings was to bring an end to plundering raids on Christian sites, which may have allowed them to recover some of their status as cultural and intellectual centres. It also probably curbed the excesses of Viking violence and	and	CCONJ	led	VERB	 led
From Perkins north, M 35 runs parallel to the Lake Superior & Ishpeming rail line between the iron mines of Marquette County and Escanaba. The station of Maple Ridge was located in the community of Rock along this line. M 35 crosses into Marquette County in the	the	DET	unincorporated	ADJ	 unincorporated
Because he was willing to publish multiple opinions on issues, he was respected as a publisher by writers from across the political spectrum. Johnson published many Unitarian works, but he also issued works criticizing them; although he was an abolitionist, he also published works arguing	arguing	VERB	in	ADP	 in
The home team collapsed against an inspired Australian bowling attack supported by Chappell's aggressive field placements. Chappell's team would be the last to leave the West Indies as winners for 22 years. Australia played six Tests against New Zealand on both sides of the Tasman in	in	ADP	1973	NUM	 1973
I doe acknowledge that uppon thursday morninge beeing the 7th of November 1605 my selfe and all the other gentlemen (as I doe remember) did confesse o ' sinnes to one Mr. Hamonde Preeste, at Mr. Robert Wintour his house, and amonges other my sinnes I	I	PRON	did	AUX	 did
Lashin was the runner up in the singles at the 2011 All Africa Games, as well as the winner of the doubles (with Ahmed Saleh), a bronze medalist in the mixed doubles (alongside El Dawlatly), and a member of the gold medal earning	earning	VERB	Egyptian	ADJ	 Egyptian
The latter now acquired a leading role among the other fiscal departments, and it frequently held more money than the public treasury (bayt mal al ʿamma) itself. By the end of al Mu'tadid's reign, the once empty privy purse would contain ten million dinars	dinars	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
The island was rediscovered and named Ducie Island on 16 March 1791 by Captain Edward Edwards, of HMS Pandora, who had been despatched from Britain in 1790 to arrest the Bounty mutineers. Edwards named it in honour of Francis Reynolds Moreton, 3rd Baron Ducie, under	under	ADP	whom	PRON	 whom
Grand Theft Auto IV uses a similar music system to that of Grand Theft Auto: San Andreas (2004). In other games in the series, each radio station was essentially a single looped sound file, playing the same songs, announcements and advertisements in the	the	DET	same	ADJ	 same
After Corson's candidacy failed and Thompson amassed $15,000 from investors, he purchased the Daily News in March 1909. On March 18, 1909, the Daily News published its last issue. Four days later, it reopened under the name Fairbanks Daily News Miner,	,	PUNCT	an	DET	 an
The Caliphs competed with their rivals of the Abbasid and Byzantine empires, and were known to indulge in furnishing their palaces with " extraordinary splendor ". The palaces had gold rafters to support the ceilings and Caliphs typically asked for a golden throne encased with a curtain similar	similar	ADJ	to	ADP	 to
She died in Alice Springs in January 2011. Artists of the Papunya Tula movement were painting at Haasts Bluff in the late 1970s, but the deaths of some of the main painters in the early 1980s led to a period of decline. In 1992, the Ikuntji	Ikuntji	PROPN	Women	PROPN	 Women
Rather than crossing at grade, Roseville Avenue was bridged over the tracks with a brand new street level interlocking tower present at the intersection of Roseville and Seventh Avenues. During the ownership of the Delaware, Lackawanna and Western Railroad, Roseville Avenue prospered, soon receiving sixty	sixty	NUM	eight	NUM	 eight
Amiga reviewers had a common grouse: the frequent disk swaps required were tedious. Regardless, the game's tense atmosphere — generated by the combination of game mechanics, use of sounds, and artificial intelligence — provided memorable moments to many reviewers. As one of them	them	PRON	—	PUNCT	 —
, in which the hero dangles from a clock on the side of a Los Angeles building. In these early silent movies, skyscrapers were closely associated with masculine identity; Lloyd's climbing of skyscrapers closely associated with his characters ' transformation from young men into mature adults	adults	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
Lexus design has traditionally placed an emphasis on targeting specific vehicle development standards. Since the marque's inception, design targets have ranged from aerodynamics and ride quality to interior ergonomics. The backronym " IDEAL " (" Impressive, Dynamic, Elegant, Advanced, and Lasting	Lasting	VERB	"	PUNCT	 "
The actors ' former characters are occasionally referenced in plots that place them in similar contexts than those of older fictions. Martín infiltrated a convent using a habit similar to the one Arana's character in Padre Coraje wore, and Esperanza wore clothes similar to those Oreiro's	's	PART	character	NOUN	 character
At the end of the year he was listed in Broadcast's Top 100 Producers, being described as " one of the UK's most outstanding drama producers ". In May 2007, the British Academy of Film and Television Arts awarded him the Special Award in Honour	Honour	PROPN	of	ADP	 of
This type of inhibitor does not follow the Michaelis Menten equation. Irreversible An irreversible inhibitor permanently inactivates the enzyme, usually by forming a covalent bond to the protein. Penicillin and aspirin are common drugs that act in this manner. In many organisms, inhibitors may act	act	VERB	as	ADP	 as
Rhys claimed these tracks (along with 32 other improvised songs recorded during the Hey Venus! sessions) would " probably never be released " but give " a glimpse into the magic of the Super Furry Animals in the studio, and the kind of atmosphere that Dave	Dave	PROPN	created	VERB	 created
Both are social dances that are more for entertainment purpose than rituals. Randai is a folk theatre tradition of the Minangkabau people which incorporates dance, music, singing, drama and the martial art of silat. Certain traditional folk dances has been developed into mass dance with	with	ADP	simple	ADJ	 simple
What if I knew who it belonged to? What if the dog kept running to me? Then, if you write for children, you think about what if I was 11 years old? The Maddens resided near Shiloh, West Virginia, where Naylor found the	the	DET	abused	VERB	 abused
This title does not appear to have held any practical meaning, or to have given its holder any power, at Tsongkhapa's Ganden Monastery. Wylie notes that this — like the Karma Kargyu — can not be seen as a reappointment of Mongol Yuan offices, since	since	SCONJ	the	DET	 the
Before the accordion experiment with Crookes, Home had performed the accordion feat for over fifteen years under various conditions but always under his control. It was reported by sitters and Crookes that Home's accordion played only two pieces, Home Sweet Home and The Last Rose of	of	ADP	Summer	PROPN	 Summer
Summer is the most humid season, ranging from a low of 300 mm (12 in) to a high of 450 mm (18 in). In this season, most rain falls during convective thunderstorms. Autumn is one of the rainiest seasons, with many	many	ADJ	places	NOUN	 places
For a month in August – September 1956, Bennett hosted a NBC Saturday night television variety show, The Tony Bennett Show, as a summer replacement for The Perry Como Show. Patti Page and Julius La Rosa had in turn hosted the two previous months, and	and	CCONJ	they	PRON	 they
On 8 April, von Bothmer and U 66 sank the Spanish flagged Santanderino 18 nautical miles (33 km; 21 mi) from Ushant. Santanderino, a 3,346 ton ship built in 1890, was sailing from Liverpool to Havana, and U 66 gave 15 minutes	minutes	NOUN	'	PART	 '
All students, faculty and staff can also ride any StarMetro bus throughout the City of Tallahassee for free by swiping a valid FSUCard. FSU also provides other campus services, including Spirit Shuttle (during football games), Nole Cab, S.A.F.E. Connection, and Night Nole	Nole	PROPN	nighttime	NOUN	 nighttime
He was declared elected with effect from 14 January 1997. Subsequently, with effect from 23 July 2001, Jeyaretnam fell into bankruptcy due to an unpaid debt and thus lost his seat in Parliament. The general election that year saw one NCMP seat occupied by Steve Chia	Chia	PROPN	of	ADP	 of
UNSC structures and units were given a green tint, with gold specular highlights. The Covenant were textured with a repeating honeycomb pattern, with small blue lights against a purple base color. Devine described the challenge of developing Halo Wars as " getting Halo fans to play	play	VERB	a	DET	 a
Physicians – what few there were – relied as much on astrology as they did on their limited medical knowledge. Some treatments for infections consisted of ointments prepared from cats that had been roasted in hedgehog fat. Among the plethora of diseases that caused childhood death were measles	measles	NOUN	,	PUNCT	,
Murdoch used this as an advantage, and pushed Jeff off the turnbuckle, leading to Cade performing a powerbomb. Cade gained the pinfall on Jeff to win the match and retain the titles. The second match was between Chavo Guerrero and Jimmy Wang Yang for the WWE	WWE	PROPN	Cruiserweight	PROPN	 Cruiserweight
They supported the Buzzcocks in a 24 venue UK tour that began that October, which allowed the band to quit their regular jobs. The non album single " Transmission " was released in November. Joy Division's burgeoning success drew a devoted following who were stereotyped as	as	ADP	"	PUNCT	 "
Dan Magill, who, as a boy, had inspired the replanting effort, served as master of ceremonies. The tree sits near the crest of a hill, at the southwest corner of the intersection of Dearing and Finley Streets, in a quiet residential neighborhood near	near	ADP	downtown	NOUN	 downtown
This trend continued into 1939 and by midway through the year there were over 80,000 men serving on a part time voluntary basis. Nevertheless, there was a serious shortage of equipment and as a result, when World War II broke out in September 1939 the Militia was	was	AUX	by	ADP	 by
The first records of the modern town date from 1334. Since that date, the town's history includes being a part of a feudal estate to operating the first meat packaging plant in Croatia. However, it was not formally established as a city until 1995.	.	PUNCT	The	DET	 The
Puerto Rico's herpetofauna consists of 25 amphibian species and 61 reptile species. The majority of West Indian terrestrial reptile clade is believed to have arrived by flotsam dispersion from South America. Little evidence exists to support the alternative hypothesis of proto Antillean vicariance. Other terrestrial herpetofauna	herpetofauna	NOUN	are	AUX	 are
Certain cytogenetic abnormalities are associated with very good outcomes (for example, the (15; 17) translocation in acute promyelocytic leukemia). About half of people with AML have " normal " cytogenetics; they fall into an intermediate risk group. A number of other	other	ADJ	cytogenetic	ADJ	 cytogenetic
The binding of Drexel 4257 measures 30.3 × 20 × 4.7 centimetres (11.9 × 7.9 × 1.9 in). It contains 227 leaves which measure 29.5 × 19 centimetres (11.6 × 7.5 in) (the leaves ' varying length can add or subtract several millimeters to	to	ADP	their	PRON	 their
" Rudd and McKay decided to include Falcon after watching Captain America: The Winter Soldier. Wood Harris as Gale: A police officer and Paxton's partner. Judy Greer as Maggie: Lang's estranged former wife. David Dastmalchian as Kurt: A member of Lang	Lang	PROPN	's	PART	's
For the photo of Andrea with her parents, Hathaway posed with her own mother and David Marshall Grant. One of the purported Harry Potter manuscripts was later sold at auction for $586 on eBay, along with various clothing used in the film, to benefit Dress	Dress	PROPN	for	ADP	 for
She served during the French Revolutionary and Napoleonic Wars under several notable naval commanders and played a key role in the Battle of Copenhagen under Captain Edward Riou, when Riou commanded the frigate squadron during the attack. After Riou was killed during the battle, command briefly devolved	devolved	VERB	to	ADP	 to
Since then, yearly profits for these " subsistence " hunters have been close to US $31 million (UK £20 m) per year. Whales can also be threatened by humans more indirectly. They are unintentionally caught in fishing nets by commercial fisheries as bycatch	bycatch	NOUN	and	CCONJ	 and
This greater variety of breeds also produced a valuable variety of products to compete with the superfine wool of Spanish sheep. By the time of Elizabeth I's rule, sheep and wool trade was the primary source of tax revenue to the Crown of England and the country	country	NOUN	was	AUX	 was
Her destination was Montreal, where she arrived on 6 November. She departed on 18 November for the Clyde, arriving on 27 November. The ship was declared a prize of war on 10 December 1940, valued at £144,000. She departed on 5 January 1941	1941	NUM	to	PART	 to
These are much larger loads than can be transported by the Air Force's C 130 Hercules transports, and the RAAF website states that each C 17 can carry three times as much cargo as a C 130. Flown with a joystick and fly by wire controls,	,	PUNCT	the	DET	 the
However, Rolland's position as best young rider remained in play due to his minute and 33 seconds advantage over Taaramäe, and Taaramäe's time trial abilities well superior to Rolland's. Rolland rode one of the best time trials of his career to finish 21st.	.	PUNCT	Taaramäe	NOUN	 Taaramäe
In ascomycetes, dikaryotic hyphae of the hymenium (the spore bearing tissue layer) form a characteristic hook at the hyphal septum. During cell division, formation of the hook ensures proper distribution of the newly divided nuclei into the apical and basal hyphal compartments. An ascus	ascus	NOUN	(	PUNCT	 (
The builder makes a single request; that he may have help from his stallion Svaðilfari, and due to Loki's influence, this is allowed. The stallion Svaðilfari performs twice the deeds of strength as the builder, and hauls enormous rocks to the surprise of the	the	DET	gods	NOUN	 gods
" While the city is still referred to as Bombay by some of its residents and by Indians from other regions, mention of the city by a name other than Mumbai has been controversial, resulting in emotional outbursts sometimes of a violently political nature. A resident of	of	ADP	Mumbai	PROPN	 Mumbai
" That's what he should be telling me.... I missed a big one. It cost us a game that really cost us the flavor of this season. We've been tainted ever since, for obvious reasons. We gave away a game to a team	team	NOUN	that	PRON	 that
Lalic considers 10.Qd3 to be the main move, qualifies 10.Qd1 as a " respectable option ", but considers 10.Qd2 as " inaccurate ". Meanwhile, Black will try to create counterplay by attacking either the weak c4 pawn, or the kingside with g7 – g5 and	and	CCONJ	h7	PROPN	 h7
He was a pioneering circuit rider in the early 1800s in Kentucky, Indiana, Illinois, and Missouri. Hinde wrote and published religious articles in many leading publications. Francis Asbury, one of the first two bishops of the Methodist Episcopal Church in the United States,	,	PUNCT	considered	VERB	 considered
The Halberstadt quarry today is covered by a housing development. The second major German locality with P. engelhardti finds, a quarry in Trossingen in the Black Forest, was worked repeatedly in the 20th century. Between 1911 and 1932, excavations during six field seasons led by	by	ADP	German	ADJ	 German
Motif finding, also known as profile analysis, is a method of locating sequence motifs in global MSAs that is both a means of producing a better MSA and a means of producing a scoring matrix for use in searching other sequences for similar motifs. A variety of	of	ADP	methods	NOUN	 methods
While in high school, Liu participated in a student exchange program and visited America in 1998. This experience changed her views about life in America, because like many Chinese citizens, most of her impressions about America came from Hollywood, and when she came to the	the	DET	country	NOUN	 country
Now not only Rome's allies against Philip, but even Philip himself, sought a Roman alliance against the Seleucids. The situation was made worse by the fact that Hannibal was now a chief military advisor to the Seleucid emperor, and the two were believed to be	be	AUX	planning	VERB	 planning
The win moved the Canucks passed Minnesota for the division lead. The shutout marked Schneider's fourth of the season, which doubled his career total. Two games later, Schneider registered his fifth shutout of the season in a 2 – 0 over the Coyotes, tying	tying	VERB	him	PRON	 him
Software transactional memory is a common type of consistency model. Software transactional memory borrows from database theory the concept of atomic transactions and applies them to memory accesses. Mathematically, these models can be represented in several ways. Petri nets, which were introduced in Carl Adam	Adam	PROPN	Petri	PROPN	 Petri
Spilman and Shaw, both students at Kentucky's Centre College, compiled their tunebook both for public worship and revivals, to satisfy " the wants of the Church in her triumphal march. " Most of the tunes had been previously published, but " Gallaher " and	and	CCONJ	"	PUNCT	 "
The claim for the women's vote appears to have been first made by Jeremy Bentham in 1817 when he published his Plan of Parliamentary Reform in the form of a Catechism, and was taken up by William Thompson in 1825, when he published, with Anna Wheeler	Wheeler	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
Since the risk from destroyers was very serious, it was considered that one shell from a battleship's secondary armament should sink (rather than merely damage) any attacking destroyer. Destroyers, in contrast to torpedo boats, were expected to attack as part of a general	general	ADJ	fleet	NOUN	 fleet
The Swedish settlement was incorporated into Dutch New Netherland on September 15, 1655. At first the Swedish and Finnish settlers continued to enjoy local autonomy. They kept their own militia, religion, court, and lands. Charles X Gustav fell ill in early 1660 and	and	CCONJ	died	VERB	 died
Despite Vologases ' reluctance to risk an all out conflict with Rome, in the end, he was forced to act when Tigranes raided the Parthian province of Adiabene in 61. The enraged protests of its governor Monobazus, and his pleas for protection, could not be	be	AUX	ignored	VERB	 ignored
In January 2011, Newsweek published an article entitled " The Manchurian Candidate " which featured an interview with Huntsman. When asked whether he intended to run for president in 2012, Huntsman declined to comment. The article generated significant speculation about a likely Huntsman 2012 presidential bid	bid	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
His veto was overridden. SACB was active for 22 years. From the start of his notoriety, McCarthy was a favorite subject for political cartoonists. He was traditionally depicted in a negative light, normally pertaining to McCarthyism and his accusations. Herblock's cartoon that coined	coined	VERB	the	DET	 the
Another fifty nine landed up to 25 miles (40 km) away while the remainder were either shot down or failed to release and returned to Tunisia. About 200 American paratroopers, having been mistakenly parachuted in the area assigned to the Eighth Army, were captured by	by	ADP	the	DET	 the
He scored Kidderminster's equaliser in a 1 – 1 draw against St Albans City on 24 March, before being sent off for a " wild " challenge on Ahmed Deen. In the 2007 FA Trophy Final Constable scored the first and second goals for an English club	club	NOUN	at	ADP	 at
Beginning with their 1993 EP Space Age Bachelor Pad Music, the band began to incorporate easy listening elements into their sound. This release raised Stereolab's profile and landed them a major label American record deal with Elektra Records. Their next album, 1993's Transient Random	Random	PROPN	Noise	PROPN	 Noise
By the end of the 15th century this group was being joined by increasing numbers of literate laymen, often secular lawyers, of which the most successful gained preferment in the judicial system and grants of lands and lordships. From the reign of James III onwards the clerically	clerically	ADV	dominated	VERB	 dominated
Applying for a ballot paper or voting in the name of someone else amounts to the offence of personation. If a person claiming to be a voter named in the electoral register turns up at a polling station after someone else claiming to be that voter has already voted	voted	VERB	,	PUNCT	,
More commonly, the mesohyl is stiffened by mineral spicules, by spongin fibers or both. Demosponges use spongin, and in many species, silica spicules and in some species, calcium carbonate exoskeletons. Demosponges constitute about 90% of all known sponge species, including all	all	DET	freshwater	NOUN	 freshwater
Additional sites containing the skeletal remains of camp victims were uncovered in the 1980s. The number of deaths at the camp is difficult to establish as many inmates often went unregistered as they were taken directly to the edge of ravines and murdered. Historian Paul Mojzes lists 38,010	38,010	NUM	Serbs	PROPN	 Serbs
The Congress did however agree to send three of its members – Adams, Benjamin Franklin and Edward Rutledge – to a conference with Lord Howe. They were instructed " to ask a few Questions and take [Howe's] Answers ", but had no further authority	authority	NOUN	.	PUNCT	.
Natalie Morales, best known for her role in the ABC Family science fiction dramedy The Middleman, made her first Parks and Recreation appearance in the episode as Lucy, a Pawnee bartender and romantic interest for Tom. The scene between Lucy and Tom at the Snakehole Lounge	Lounge	PROPN	was	AUX	 was
The battleships rendezvoused with Ozawa's main force on 16 June. During the Battle of the Philippine Sea, Nagato escorted the aircraft carriers Jun ' yō, Hiyō and the light carrier Ryūhō. She fired 41 cm Type 3 Sankaidan incendiary anti aircraft shrapnel shells at aircraft	aircraft	NOUN	from	ADP	 from
For each department, there was a chief reviewer, although he or she might engage others. Although the reviewers ' names were not known to the public, Johnson and Christie managed to acquire several luminaries: the poet William Cowper; the popular moralist William Enfield;	;	PUNCT	the	DET	 the
" Lloyd subsequently launched legal action, but accepted an apology from Matthews. The new album was further delayed as Warner Bros ordered the removal of the six minute long anti Warner track " That's All Folks ". Meanwhile, work continued on " I Am The	The	DET	Mob	PROPN	 Mob
She ' er continued onward to the nearby kingdom of Kucha, a state that had supported Karasahr during its war against the Tang. Emperor Taizong himself tended to the injuries of the Turkic Generals Qibi Heli and Ashina Simo, who were both wounded during the campaign against	against	ADP	Goguryeo	PROPN	 Goguryeo
Santana balks at leaving Brittany behind, and when she and Brittany go out on a dinner date, Santana tries to recruit her, but Brittany is unwilling to leave her New Directions friends. She tells Santana of Rory's supposed magical powers, and Santana later coerces	coerces	VERB	Rory	PROPN	 Rory
Castle refused to contribute a preface to Fabian Society booklet celebrating Bondfield's life, because she considered her predecessor's actions close to political betrayal. In 2001, a speech by Tony Blair celebrating the Labour Party's 100 years in parliament paid tributes to many heroes of	of	ADP	the	DET	 the
He continued with this observation: Ought not a government, vested with such extensive and indefinite authority, to have been restricted by a declaration of rights? It certainly ought. So clear a point is this, that I can not help suspecting that persons who attempt	attempt	VERB	to	PART	 to
He did more than any one else to transform a game from one in which brute force and individual skill were the chief characteristics to one in which scientific combination became the main feature, without the sacrifice of individualism. In 1923 a memorial fund was raised in Gould	Gould	PROPN	's	PART	's
While this led to a less collaborative effort than in the past, it gave the Pope brothers a more substantial role in writing than ever before. In an interview with Alternative Press, Pryor confirmed the song " Never Be Alone " was written by Rob Pope about	about	ADP	his	PRON	 his
, writer, poet, playwright and screenwriter who won 16 Palanca Awards Gabriel Fabella, co founder and first president of the Philippine Historical Association; Father of June 12 Independence Day; and sole representative of Romblon in the First National Assembly (1935 – 1938).	.	PUNCT	Ephraim	PROPN	 Ephraim
Within a week it received concession to operate scheduled flights between Oslo, Copenhagen and Stockholm to London. A similar concession was also granted to Braathens SAFE, but they stated that the intense competition on the route would make it difficult for them to start a service.	.	PUNCT	However	ADV	 However
Fred Reinfeld calls the game " a glorious masterpiece ". Steinitz proclaims, " One of the finest specimens of sacrificing play on record. Mr. Gossip deserves the highest praise for the ingenuity and depth of combination which he displayed in this game. " Soltis writes that	that	SCONJ	"	PUNCT	 "
Arnold's parents lived in the small village of Northover, located across the River Yeo (also known as the River Ivel) from the town of Ilchester. Nicholas was a tailor, and the mention of his occupation in his will and the vital records of some	some	PRON	of	ADP	 of
And then, everyone in the media runs with it as if it's the truth. And that's a little weird. But what's even weirder is that the song is not about Isaac Lurier [sic], as the rabbis claim. It's named	named	VERB	after	ADP	 after
Grant's able Secretary of State Hamilton Fish had orchestrated many of the events leading up to the treaty. Previously, Secretary of State William H. Seward during the Johnson administration first proposed an initial treaty concerning damages done to American merchants by three Confederate warships, CSS Florida	Florida	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
For the reverse of the ten dollar coin the President decided on a design featuring a standing bald eagle, which had been developed for the twenty dollar piece designed by Saint Gaudens. The coin, as sculpted by Saint Gaudens, was in too high relief for the	the	DET	Mint	PROPN	 Mint
A reviewer of Computer Gamer similarly cited the graphics as " excellent ", stating that it was " what he expected from an Ultimate game ". However, they criticised the overall gameplay, stating it to be " very boring " and " slowly smegged ".	.	PUNCT	Cook	PROPN	 Cook
Sulla's actions marked a watershed in the willingness of Roman troops to wage war against one another that was to pave the way for the wars which ultimately overthrew the Republic, and caused the founding of the Roman Empire. Mithridates the Great was the ruler of Pontus	Pontus	PROPN	,	PUNCT	,
The team made five playoff appearances in the 2000s, their most of any decade. In 2009 and 2010, the Jets achieved back to back appearances in the AFC Championship Game, losing to the Indianapolis Colts and Pittsburgh Steelers. In 2010, the team began to	to	PART	play	VERB	 play
Metformin can be resumed after two days, assuming kidney function is normal. The most common adverse effect of metformin is gastrointestinal irritation, including diarrhea, cramps, nausea, vomiting, and increased flatulence; metformin is more commonly associated with gastrointestinal side effects than most other	other	ADJ	antidiabetic	ADJ	 antidiabetic
It was the third tie breaker played in MLB from 2007 – 2009. It was also the second consecutive tiebreaker for the AL Central title after 2008, when the Chicago White Sox defeated the Twins to win the division. In baseball statistics tie breakers are counted as	as	SCONJ	the	DET	 the
Arrowhead reclaimed the title on September 29, 2014 reaching 142.2 dB in a Monday Night Football game vs. the Patriots. The noise has contributed to the team's home field advantage with an increase in false start (movement by an offensive player prior to the play)	)	PUNCT	and	CCONJ	 and
Over time, many of Cameron's associates within The Children distanced themselves from her, in particular because of her increasingly apocalyptic pronouncements; she claimed that Mexico was about to conquer the U.S., that a race war was about to break out in the Old World,	,	PUNCT	and	CCONJ	 and
Edwin's priest Coifi responds that they may be worthwhile; after all, he says, no one has been more respectful of and devoted to their gods than he, and he has seen no benefits from his dedication to them. Then, an unnamed counselor stands	stands	VERB	up	ADP	 up
